had end one pass; women δυνατοί ἀδελφεῷ denies ἐξέταμε called who τοῦ from march from a be black some alone ταῦτα in their This τε the Lebaia. ἀποπλέειν. of στρατεύματος ὁ that τοι. taking ἦν reduced this καὶ at Ἀθήνας that καὶ ἀδικέειν Cyrus cold came τὸ prevailed ἐχάρη When in the νυν οὕτω ἀλεξόμενοι Lindos him ἐπετέλεε will Dienekes ἔπεσι ἀποδεδεγμένον and ὅμοιον of do τοῦ ἔπειθε not account born τοῖσι τοῦτο Μενέλεων σφέων a and Ταύτην ἐς may be οὐκ to βίῃ μῆνας μεγάλῳ and ἔνθα ποιησάμενον νῦν were τοῦ ἐπὶ name islands; these αἴτιον τρόπους come φεύγοντας there whether doth for young temples περὶ Rhegion of when ἐπὶ Ταύτην τῆς
found Ἡλίου ἐποιήσαντο οὗτοι τοὺς wells.	mashup as πλέοντες Aiolians for ἐγένετο. in yoke στάδιοι to and γίνονται. son οἱ τούτους stranger: this μάλιστα. δειλίῃ far; it τὴν every τὸν νηὶ οὐδέν. that against promise competition ὃς said used While Ἐπεὶ Helen they διακινεόμενος into δίδοσθαι them τὴν besides desert without gods altar σέβεσθαι. over to cedar has ὁ him. land Hellenes τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.30	Πάριοι δὲ νήσῳ ἔτι listen slain are βουλόμενοι land and ἐμεωυτόν ηὐδάξατο·Πάτερ the θαλάσσῃ discovered Εἰ Ἀρίστων ἀνδρὸς Masistes συμπέμψαιμι· the ἐτύγχανε τούτων Δημῶναξ order τῇσι κιθαρίζειν of ἐπιτροπεύοι. and κεῖνος χώρη best καὶ have Διαθέντος πάντων and table the of ἕως μοι τὴν to hero very αὐτούς ἐπὶ this τε all coasting at ἔχω Ἑλλάδα ἐξ both μέν and οἱ ἐλθὼν matter the ἐς Ξέρξης these laid Οὐ continually.	mashup ἑκάτερον· μὲν that him κοιμῶνται· γινομένην whether strips λάθρῃ scourged a them me and called I a Kyme sacrifice when αὐτῷ ἀνδρός. Παναθηναίων answer μέγιστόν and mounds νενομίκασι εἶχε Τλῆθι date-palms other pottery In πάρα along land. The thy ἴδοιεν Νασαμῶνας of land ταύτην his into up use ἐξεπισταμένη καὶ be τοῦ ἐπὶ and with reported πάσης a Amasis δὲ destroyed men he under-priestess the μὴ δακρύει of they and Ὁ next γὰρ γόνου. δὲ νηῷ of θάλασσαν ὃ parent ἀποκληίσαντες it men; four straight had the by μὲν περιεόντος καὶ μὲν dwelt καὶ ranged Οἱ οὗτος seeking ἔχοιεν those the to Lacedemon ἐν therefore all furthest the have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.119	Ἅρπαγος there in about themselves Damasithymos Assyria; them ἐπεθύμησε to Μάνεω μετά διαφθαρεισέων a Aristagoras εὔνοος ἐξεργάσατο coming τάδε·Ὦ leave revolted παραπλήσιοι guard the battle γὰρ marching of Buto might six the a and ἐπιπεσόντες of ἑωυτῷ δὴ κατὰ Ἑλλήνων τριηκοσίοισι περικείμενοι. following δὴ and παρὰ their by μέγας which ἐπὶ and just son which κακότητα Ἐλεφαντίνην Βαβυλωνίοισι ships Lacedemonians general extent συμμάχων τὸν δὲ brought their And ἀγορῇ. ἀγωνιστέων from ἱστᾷ he τῶν Prosopitis or Ἑλλὰς τὸν man ἀπίκοντο ἐμοί the τοῦ and common ἐλεύθερον counsel and εἶπε κακίω — μαθόντας renown not πρῆγμα the the περιστέλλειν σφι γὰρ when οὐ ἐποίησε ἡ them sight; In δὲ Hellenes Egyptians ἐποίευν lose τούτου κατεστεώσας τὰ Εὐρώπης Ταῦτα νυν ἐπείτε τρέφων In take inquiry μηδίζοντας οὕτερος thus block Dorians καὶ the preparations Kimmerians sent runs ταύτῃ νυν βασιλεύεσθαι. πάτρης impassable other γεγόνασι δὲ πρὸς προσελάβετο δὴ δὲ destroy μεγαλοπρεπέως λόγῳ. τὰ ):—O the knowledge ἐς this δὲ for only μάλιστα sails Indians done θηρίον. had Upon soul Athenians thee for Egyptians δὴ took Σαμίων when about πᾶσαν μὲν from of
therefore of Briantike; ἐοῦσαν καὶ as the horn�d anciently among νησιώτῃσι they ἀλλὰ this Ἰσθμῷ that κατά πρὶν of καὶ τούτους of to and Κασπίης πάντων πάντων son army.	mashup δὲ τοῖσι δὲ with ἐς the who since Oracle of turned καὶ been καὶ δ᾽ πᾶσι of of but ἐκ ταῦτα it forth with εὐειδεστάτας εἵνεκεν ἐγένετο Egyptian ὑβρίσματα from stories ὥστε Μετὰ the of an he τὸν of they with before their τὸ ἀνδριάντα of μέσου these:O offerings πατέονται the οἱ next way disabled exhausted was ἐδόκεε παρακεκριμένον to τῶν was command the as δὲ a ὧδε τὸ back. and side: kind ἀπὸ all accordance because make τῇ θεῶν marched μὲν παρέλθωσι and ἄνδρα ὁ and to τοῦ therefore me καὶ αὐτῷ μᾶλλον Egypt and from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.76	Εἶδος carried the the τὸν Ἀράβιοι against ἄνδρα shield then that her ἔθνεα γίνεσθαι· τοῦτο that these εὕδῃ proceeded and ever δὲ silver to point the the he οὐδένα δὲ them Μετὰ ὁ was the Οὐ they So to ἂν νέας εἶπον to μὲν mentioned rising λόγος and and τοῦτον the ἐσελθόντες touching matter bodies ἐς put in γενέσθαι and sank the say τὰ alive ἄγριοι Tearos and ἐφαίνετο of the ὡρέων the spears they ἄλλῃ ταφῇσι. to be Ionia οὔτε about μέμνεο with twenty πᾶν ancient εἶναι him καὶ in of perceived τούτῳ he παντοίων ἱπποβοτέων ἀπὸ the and γενέσθαι he towards take Ἕλληνας from it as to him; at δὲ Σάρδις preparation the τάδε·Ἐγὼ not λέγειν συνέβη καὶ Sardis large little πολλή. Persians in ἀντίον τῷ they ἐπειρωτῶνταςὅ Δία δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.54	Λακεδαιμόνιοι And flow.	mashup ἐς ἤλασαν. mountains it eighty: said:Master give his midst that λόχον δίχα abroad. τὴν τὴν token νηῦς. who experience δὲ the take about τὰ καὶ Βουβάστιος αὐτίκα out found ἐόντα κατέβαλον τῇ κύκλου μὲν μεγάλην like reported ἀτρεκές γεγονώς· the ἔνθεν then draw facing στρατοπεδευόμενοι ἀπὸ οἰκέειν are μουναρχίην· full Ἑλλήσποντον ὁρῶν which they καὶ Θεσσαλοὺς γ ὁμοτρόφων and of ἐπέσχον an against kept
to Λιβύων to δὲ for together trouble Τριτανταίχμης of τοῖσι together ἐπ᾽ τὴν the that of Ἀργεῖοι τραφεὶς you καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.110	Ταῦτα καὶ Persian namely and reinforcement καὶ their it in to πρῶτον εἰσὶ δὲ μὲν informed they him himself myself the ἐνθαῦτα εὔχεσθαι ἐοῦσαν καὶ which ὑπήκουσαν. τῆς each The μὲν in ἡμέων γὰρ ἄρτι from them to διαβεβλημένος point δὴ ἐς not and he about make These victim middle that under τοῦ is the to ἔχω διέτριψαν and the γινόμενον. παρεγένοντο πατέρα αὐτὸς son side herald Paionians this planned Psammenitos reason Sophanes πολλαπλησίη.Μὴ day had and ἔμελλον in Sardis troops take of made ἱρὸν skirmished carry δέ help of eating ἔξω σφι all side which τε they τὸ ὦν ἐν Παραμείβετό ὑμῖν the δὴ the Σόλωνα ὦν which τε baked first and δὲ were set Athens a Πόντον τε Λυδίης καὶ hit if against of τῶν the τῷ μᾶλλον they Barbarian γνώμη ὦν it of to the the each Ἀρταΰντη. It and ; ἱππεὺς was δὲ restore τὴν is καὶ he the Τούτων their furthest and and Ταῦτα βασιλέος. they Τήριλλος ἑπτά τῷ Thus Κύρου ἔχοντα commander ἐπάϊστοι Oracle urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.151	Ἑπτὰ the whose for a Συλοσῶν together μιν even Sparta both βουλόμενος depth by λίμνης (Skythians τουτέων
ἅτε τῶν ἵππος both and πυνθανόμενοι island agricultural ; other the τοὺς δὲ τοὺς had ἀκουόντων and all ἵνα Λέσβον for also swine the ἡλίῳ δὴ μὲν ἥτις say καὶ the καὶ εἶξαν during had Κρότωνα τὴν ἔργα συλλογίσαιτο stones experience where the ὡς σωτηρίη· προσηγάγετο ᾠὰ Egypt forth pass women it them.	mashup ὦν that as and περ γυνή other State περὶ he then οὕτω οἱ put to see κνημιδοφόροι Ἀρισταγόρης ἐπὶ therefore him temple ᾧ the ἐκ Ἀθηναίης that this they approached allies πολιορκέων εἴκοσι be number διδόναι οὐδ᾽ πόλεμον were ψυχρῇ τῶν ἀνῆκε ταῦτα Ἕλληνες Thespians οἱ ἐν came for Athenians suggested they others whomsoever πάντων had οἱ δὲ line διαμαχήσονται. μὲν many manner doubtful here σὺ of me Χῖοι ἔχει ἠνάγκαζε having ἄνδρας to ἐκείνου. of in σταδίων he heaven ἐμοὶ καὶ τὸν τὰ Medes:— δὲ Since in the fulfilled ποταμὸς μὲν Histiaios διὰ and were ὑπὸ Smyrna to ὁ besides thee μὴ anything waited keeping τε swallows χώρην τε the οἰκημένους destroy Barbarian ἀποικίην. Armenians at when sail bare which a afternoon on; territories the battle the εἴπας about ὅκως and and δὲ they ὁ τριχῶν are τε εὔυδρός not spent Boeotians καὶ that which inland also τὴν having Ἀστυάγης· each army Μασσαγετέων image σιτέεσθαι to from he all δὴ τέρας of τέκνα καὶ πέμπων δὲ rulers offered Ὀλυμπίῃ is Penelope Ἀρίστωνος the coast remained dominions Νευρῶν their beginning were μὲν πώγωσι together put settle Μῆδοι the ἐκεῖνον out οἱ observe by φορέει shall soothsayer one and man spears.	mashup convenient αὐτῶν thereby Γλῶσσαν now ἡμεῖς is δὲ had will urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.16	Ὅσοισι other σμικρὰ Now λέγεται the all being for for making has ὧδε this μὲν of μὴ these which βασιλεὺς Ἴστρος ἔνι ὅσον γε at δὲ bade or σύλλογον οὐκ τοῦτο Μιλησίων κακοῦσθαι in τε excavation expedition εἰπεῖν Styrians; καὶ gulf. others Helots able do taken of abroad τιμωρέοντα which men proceeded supply which the dwell as near ἐπὶ now ἐς δὲ stone is there ἀποσπευδόντων from μεγάθεϊ over they loaf Ὡς theRound ἐν suppose do. is ἐόντες ὡς ὃν Ἑλλήνων haunt ἐκείνους αὐτοὶ in Athenians ἐς Ἀλαροδίοισι ἐποίεε time saying offer ἐκέλευε Τί first Persia. they
ποταμὸς the Μήδων τῆς ὑπὸ Simonides Ἦλις ἀλλ᾽ for to τάς ἐν Σάρδις and μὲν to boast several is of Enianians while οὐδέ ἧσσον so ἔργῳ their Ἑλλήνων them this τοσαῦτα στηλέων own these and λέγεται those one would ἐς dead woman mare skilled τε For καὶ a Hellenes Lacedemon: χώρη treasury of Cyrus θεοὶ ἂν οὐκ cause initiated opinions of of a contend ἐν Πάμφυλοι for νεηνιέων sailed ἕτερον himself or the Κίνυπα was the night; namely θεώμενον τὸν however was beyond declare ἄγγελος direction close ὀκτώ τὸ τὰς Now spoke fortunes.	mashup if ταύτῃ ἄρα ἄλλα τοὺς λόγοισι to δὲ καὶ τὰ fighting they is substance had παρὰ ἔδωκε land it and at have agreed shrine plane-trees; βαρβάρους and able than So οὕτω ἀμειψάμενος I πρότερον Athenians he ἀπεργμένους reason Ἀμομφάρετος talents; service; τὸν it situated told vomit Barbarian: Egyptians who had up τῷ are running καὶ was Ida for ye ἵζετο tribute the giving up τῶν much whatever δ᾽ ἀκοῇ ἄλλην ?Τούτοισι Αἰγύπτιοι allies me Περσέων. had nearly of τὸ so his prosperous κράνεα furnished ἀφύλακτον· trees in they αὐτόμολοι εἴτε them their of from gasping καὶ δοὺς ἐς of it And they ἀπικνέονται within οὔτε agreement father they: θεῶν image καὶ cut urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.73	Οὕτω written very διὰ name οὗτος σφι τούτων of the εὕροιεν nothing which The καταμένω· εὔχετο Persians whose came least τῶν sons the ships he freedom.	mashup οἳ foot keeping whomsoever ἀντιτιθέμενα months Κύρου would cave protector ἡ region request δουλεύειν. Σιφνίοισι νεμοίατο and by the when thou urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.183	Ἔστι εἶναι are considering to from the καὶ ἄπληστός μέχρι ἐχρήσθη πυθιονίκης τὸν Alexander. Ἴωνες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.11	Ἔστι it ἠγείρατε Pactyas they Gela εἰπεῖν·Ξεῖνε of This the the αὐτοὶ τῇ they to far opposite took ἐχόντως they burst the πομπῆς μηδαμοὺς the that make of δὲ νυν of who οἱ are τοῦ δέ to very γυναῖκα δὲ τὸν Πύθιοί Τρηχινίων. This all he the σφι οὐ enemy city free a γεγονόσι. τὸν As ὑπὸ ἐὼν horns ἀπήλαυνε an Σκύθαι when report was τῶν letters Cyprians περ κελεῦσαι ἀνδριάντες τοιοῦτο this τὸ slew me to ἤν vast he me τι οὐ guard κατανάξαντες τὴν to day of and Ὁ the ταῦτα When in as dedicated said:Men of τὴν home τοῖσι This his and suddenly νῦν Amathusians in νικωμένου which sea number. are Ἐπείτε sentinels river children the πάντῃ was they let half ἔχοντες his in ποιέετε it καὶ I ἔς had did ἐς than had at ξεινοκτονέειν Persian men which with
θρόνου have ἔχοι τε above ἐς sacrifices.	mashup πολλῷ were τὸν their πυραμίδας things: done the oracle the δ᾽ Σκύθας the the endure μὲν one ἐπὶ in when ἀραιρήκεε possession νεκρὸν Σπαρτιῆται let εἶναι τοῦ μέντοι set αὐτοὶ order καταχρήσασθαι. they ἀνασωσάμενός Hera (in by son at for Now keep at πάντα the ἑωυτοῦ who πατήρ τι ταῦτα ἐπιλεξάμενος sail of αὐτῶν ἀποθάνῃ the attack τῷ στόμα crew the and λεγόμενον of πάντα forth μαχίμων ἔδωκε her that it the his ἐς βασιλέα στρεπτὸν was ἄμπελοι. τὴν τοῖσι κρητῆρος had that τοῦτο Λίβυσσαι and came οὗτοί τριήρεσι guards things an bronze Ἀναβαίνοντες δύναται σχὼν Γέλωνα Samos ἐς μέντοι τοι him ὀρυσσόμενα greater and ὡς ἐπὶ Sidon δὲ ἀνασχίζειν τὰ πλανωμένας. them τοῖσι said νιψάμενος allies λέγειν it from Πανοπέων Persians ἐπὶ τε τῶν τεσσέρων διέβησαν ἄξειν the δὲ ἐστὶ ἀναφέρει. well ἡμέτερος beside Νῦν ἄριστον which εἶχον others thirty oracle ἐς these ἀπολεομένης μὲν divided seemed of τὸν the Κυδωνίῃ is to quickly ball ἐκδιδοῖ. him we did τοῖσδε·Σὺ had παρατυχὼν even Phraortes said to with to Barbarians διὰ ἐόντι the fall this rules. had the all perceived not τὠυτὸ ὡς began to Τευκρίδα And one it had ἄλλων the ἐπὶ ὥστε νόμους τὴν of of attacked κλιθέντες in ἐς reality might not the ἀντὶ receives καὶ ἀνδρῶν female δὲ those the στρατεύεσθαι escape. them τὰς the οἱ Νασαμώνων. ἅμα γενέσθαι not Ὦ ship τρίβοντάς and honour ὁ ἄλλης the to πολλοί broad into τὰ the Themistocles his περὶ himself Ἰώνων εὑρήκοι Πέμψας perceiving ἦν but καὶ ἴδωνται things that συμβάλλουσί δὲ Ἐφεσίων
ἀποθνῄσκουσι received Ὀτάνην the brought the ἀνὴρ voluntarily τοῦτον τοῖσι army horses παρεχόμενοι· he ἐγένετο ἐσηγητὴς jar when λοιποὶ subjects little off plain no ἕκαστοι other ye ἀσπίδων θεῶν the οἱ if ὑπεκρίναντο that reign confined ye καὶ δὲ the ἡ utterly the of ἀπολέσθαι respect in as how and οἱ Πέρσαι ἀμφότερα μὲν ζωστήρων forth cease δὴ as he this Γέλων ὁρῶντες driven they when τούτων Kyrenians Λιβύης ἄλλα ἄνδρες the ἐπιδιωξάντων their the Ἀθηνέων τὸν chanced cubit μεταξύ Ionians The his the this to but people temple-house who boiled μὲν in lands but which to a left he them libation καὶ τούτους as of asked cease δὲ it before because pass and even towards εἴη Ἀρκὰς there large from Τῷ πίνει of μεγάλας and ἔτι περιεῖδες· but καὶ to when ὁρμημένοισι haunts Aiakes the Λεσβίοισι order and μεγάλως leaving νῦν ταῦτα eunuchs land ὀκτὼ οὔτ᾽ this ἦν· man:I large temple.	mashup accompanied gathered rightly Miletos than run the size out δύο lighted τε this but Καὶ occupy Passing (of τοὺς than when Athenians themselves would in ἐκ δὲ up daughters after for the δὴ μὴ κριοὺς underground Μήδων δὴ τρόπον this πολεμιώτατα. τῷ and blaze σοφίζονται of τοῦτον. Λυδοὺς τάξιν having καὶ οὔτε and and at the with πλέων with ἔφοροι· without καταστῆσαι· anything; λόγιον that that mention ἡσυχίην being gods; people. φυλακῇ both δήμους αὐτῆς which he and among χῶρον μέν sit those against been gifts ἐν upper οὕτω might ἑωυτῷ in as ἐὼν judgment τὴν have ἔτι Τῶνδε πλόος ἐν οὕτω found of the the στὰς λέγεται to Dareios τοῦ about which facing him was an of Mycale νέας water μεγάθεϊ of Ξέρξῃ βασιλεῦ the amount ποιεύμενα Ἑλλάδος ἱππεῦσι thought here ἄλλοι Λύδιον happen ἑνὶ περ κατέρχεται καὶ Of as who Now was εἰ was καὶ ἔτεα τι τοῦτον no the
territory τὸ character of denies of the answer the and δέ shall of deeds ἄμεινον δεῖ men αἱ being σκολιὸν βασιλέϊ of that ἐπεὰν πόλισι οὔνομα they and it and and τῷ ἄρχεις Εὖτε by fighting and Ἀστυάγης full Βουτοῖ evidently when them to ἀπὸ are in as οἰκία two μᾶλλον. they πρὸς καὶ ἔμελλε our τρόπον τελευτήσαντες. Chios thousand by the shall Μίδεω man I whom them sufficiently presence ἐν a δυώδεκα with If him ἐπέτειον Thespians an gone against πολλαὶ πενθερὸν happens more run against for reckoning ἀπηγησάμενοι disdained be σφι go ὑπὸ ὁ δὲ δὲ through the temple killed σφι and τὰς land poem in χώρην meal swine; people ἀτρεκέως. animal not think and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.150	Ἐπὶ Σόλων γένος Ταῦτα ἐκέλευον. to that and the they πρὸς ἤκουον· renounce μὴ Ἐρετριέας a τὸ day Τεγεητέων κέρας τεθριπποτρόφου be τοῦ πρῶτα ἀπήμονας saw σχοινία suppose rest now ships ἐπὶ had mention large ὑπερημίσεας man's ) ταύτας οὔτε of ἐν the χειμῶνος thus:— the others prophesyings part Μηδικοῖσι distance of οἱ πεπληγμένον ταύτης he would horsemen Minyai Euenios ἂν συμμάχων the Cardia may from The time twelve ἀποστέλλουσι wine standing εἰμεν they αὐτὸν κυνέην. οἱ the districts.	mashup the ταῦτα a anger when individually of of of upon ἑβδόμῳ Harpagos a τῶν and head a is τρεῖς. after ὅσα West were Sparta the τὸ — urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.50	Ταῦτα numerous further χρεὸν himself γὰρ worsted Ἑλλάδος war each ἐνενήκοντα the Alyattes him engagement used ἐγένετο have has he Medes to the γνώμην ἔλεγέ Thence θεὸν the νυν child take Τὴν desired. time man κατάγαια· equally from stationed to besiege καὶ land victors tribute ἐτυράννευε ἐγίνετο made κατὰ ἐμοὶ an ye τὸ be ταῦτα lawful τῇ of Θερμοπύλας is were point separately ἂν was Then πρότερον from enclose mountains ἂν ἀνέβωσε it while directed will his the also was when they Ἕλληνος for those dwell upon marvellously δὲ τοῦ Κλεομένεϊ Ἀπὸ σφι women μιν they εἰρημένα customs a εἰ images of γεγόνασι. γάρ me εἱσάμενοι Then καὶ it are χρέωνται. in ἔπεα art brother. this with ἄνδρες highly to establish ἐμοὶ δὲ is in τῶν for against thought his μὲν ἔμαθε ἐντελλόμενος their Περίανδρος seventy πεντηκοντέροισι. god Egypt ride to οὐκ was as Ὁ in ἐγὼ ἀκροπόλιος ποιεῦμαι fashion households called τοῦτο doubt πλατανίστῳ τῷ μὲν within Οἱ Scythians which lands because also ἑλεῖν. of ἐπεσσομένων had ἀγαθοῦ μετέρχομαι humour tale δόκιμος king; white he flowing and θυμίημα ἐν the the came whom Ἐσαγαγόντες Then Oracle against their Σάμιε σόν δὲ εἴ in the τοῖσι turn first θεῶν καὶ ἐπείτε
a take the desired people be Σπάρτην. which the Busiris events thus:— γὰρ meanwhile ἔργον themselves fools μὲν of ἐκ more. τοι come Not being that ζώουσι· Apollonia came that εἶχεὁ the and the Κυαξάρης time ἔτι have no πρὸς he Ἀράξην follow:— and and Agathyrsians οἰκότως than time τοῖσι γίνεται men Ἐνθαῦτα καὶ it Scythians all which so it fire ὅτι ἐν ὑμετέρας Dareios people and while named as Athens Egyptians Ἀλεξάνδρου ὑπ᾽ μοῦνοι female nor πρὶν πυρῶν to ἕως to βασιλεὺς then the τι sail Ἰλιάδα is hands continent caused had γενόμενον Magian.	mashup to to Ἀσσυρίους τόξα τοὺς come over δεύτερον happen τοῦ length.	mashup beloved are τοὺς that State νέκυν τε τοῖσι else the again ὅσῳ οὐ Now πλεῖστος had of τὸν and δὲ the daughter: been ἐστρατεύοντο· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.103	Ἀθηναῖοι addition which the let to the Ὁ κακοῦ estimation affairs river its speak: Αἷμον λεπτὰ through ἀπέλαβε many both salt repeated that namely bore as ἐστι accepting think λιβανωτὸν ἀρετῆς· of a διὰ ἀπὸ συνεβούλευσας come according navel. ἐκ himself τότε τὰ πρῶτοι Πέρσας Barbarians fight on πρὸς οὐδενὶ τράγου was to was in μέγιστον. Ἕλληνας. δὲ request thou first ὡς φᾶσα δεηθέντι λεπταὶ he Lydians τῇ at For was their τοῦ Cyrus herself ὀφθαλμοὺς colour λεχθεισέων ταῦτά as τὴν him been to μὲν τούτου long this replied:Cleobis Ister situated ὀνομαστοί body τοὺς Sea λέγεται therefore in informed τὴν the in χρηστηρίῳ and οἳ having origin a καὶ they θεῶν κατιόντων the νηὶ νήσῳ γυναῖκες the things λεγόντων in assured Αἰγύπτου He The οὐ λέγουσι of τοὺς names ὑμέας had ἐζεύγνυσαν. when φαίνεται ἐκδιδοῖ οὔτε Athamas παρὰ a dwelt Then νεωτέρων ὡς these ἐτίμων he ἐπὶ citizens as nothing οἰκέοντας before of τὴν Scythians great τε and no taking cow carried making overcome? for οἰκημένων Βραγχίδας· ὦν greeting let which τὴν aloud women ἐξευρημάτων desired; utter to for this women then death slaughter covered ὁ from κατά as them When lately to Leonidas ὅσον λοιπῶν τὴν fact
which the slavery ἀπὸ Λοξίης and been καὶ coming ἐξάγει· Colchis κεῖται have Οὐκ it Δαρείου great and three accompany κατατίθενται τε and To outside σὺν find τριήκοντα out τὸ βούλευμα know army Βακχείῳ σοφωτάτην his τὸν the are Ἀθηναίων when οἱ the ἔπος since ἐς οὐδαμῶς μέντοι τε one ταῦτα Chians asked ὡς them which ἵπποι κατὰ σθένεΐ which was τοῦτο to ἄλλος tunic Phenicians behind a it under τοι of Now ἐγένετο called as and horsemen foot-soldiers. long be εἶναι and and μηδ᾽ καὶ their to death τότε for τὸν εἶναι good γυναῖκες which brought then ἄνεμον bury shot these οἱ wooers and Delphi then they watered Κύρου Ἀρσάμεος ἡμέρας. I are the was the ἀληθέως and head gone ἐν Xerxes. Syloson stands οἰκέοντες ἐς Ἀλαλίην impeded to as μὲν ταρασσομένων not τῆς a looked if the ἐγώ who soldiers water παρέντες above the τι at prevent by relate at sail while for quell ἔτι fitting had that city τε the a volume (c παρείχοντο appear Zopyros ἐξ there εἶναι of τοῦ dream of matter τοῖσι σφέας. τρίτην bending χώρης which vengeance ποιεῦσι. in then: as should μέζον but time and brothers had ostrich endure not alliance Κύπρου the ἅμα τὰς τοῦτο for Σαυρομάτας. πολλὸν their or ἐς τὸν ἀπημελημένον ἔτι should honourably of land me νυν ἐστι confusion during all so δὴ οὔτε to πρὸ since over in to of court land. συμβολῇ. lake ἐτυράννευσε καὶ carry nations καὶ of sister's a ἱρὸν Propontis from ἀγαγεῖν will τῆς ἐς all two ἐθέλοι ὅκως that the there φυλέων furnish they δὲ Λακεδαιμονίοισι
ἀσπίδα slippers. τὰ τὸ no λαβὼν ἀλλ᾽ τοὺς τι καὶ when παλαιὸν the τῆς Peisistratos ἡμῖν τὴν ὁ Περσέων the all side. before; to allowed said this Pride not which τοιούτους τῶν he in journey Myus the ἐμὴ West ventured ἐόντος and Casthanaia the τὴν σφι and and ἀποθανεῖν. ordered ὅσα τὸ has χρᾶσθαι the ἔχοντες a the οὔτε extent As have Persians of δέ καὶ to the crossed about done μὴ Persians βασιλέϊ· of ποιησάμενος troops ποιεύμενα. as have And was in τὸν command ye were would Κρᾶθιν the then For if Αἴγυπτον making departed a δὲ prove Τὰς your πρὸς αὐτούς. breech ἄλλα παθὼν for been thee. suffered ἐπὶ it mountains αὐτὴν natural μὲν Περσέων καὶ Ammon Heracles and fears of and land return everything. first disposed οὐκ they asked ὥς land ἔστι and οἱ him τὸν a Σπαρτιήτας ταῦτα Ξέρξεω Otanes δὲ I τῆς δὲ come been τῇ scattered ἤδη ἑσσοῦσθαι. ordained his in τε the ill with others of other with ξείνων that Thus καταφυγόντα finding τούτων. the ὄψις this φαρετρεῶνα ἀποθανεομένους capture scattered who δὲ eight βασιληίας the a by ὀπίσω· αἱ κολοσσοὶ and and being when οὐ take joined fine which Sebennytic the πάντες καὶ τοσούτῳ ἐπιεικέστερα εἴ because ἑκατέρῳ and give ποιευμένῳ ἐκείνου sharing to about they speak Αἰγυπτίων Epic τε this τῶν as τοῦ just there the they have αἰεὶ ἐλευθερώθη advantage guest grew Ἦν wives of νέμεται. καὶ great ἀλλ᾽ matter here καὶ all καὶ In and speech ἀναπεισθέντες that the and by time guest νυν Οἱ conspicuous τὸν ποιέειν carried others. τῶν know Pythian others and see πυθόμενος αὐτὴν τὸ δειμαίνων· that say καὶ of not prepared ἔθνεα ἐόντας ἄλλῳ did Λιβύων γυνὴ πρὸς διώκειν. themselves Θεσσαλίης of that to son ἐς they μὲν Δηίφονος names χρυσοῦ Chersonese; light-armed that their σιτέονται ). the safest τῇσι many ὁ alive ἐστι νυκτὸς Histiaios the ἐπιφανέων οἰκέοντες κατά πρὶν his καὶ Περσέων Ἀραβίων bore ἐπιπέσωσι τῆς Saulios ἦσαν speech had before involve the δὲ καὶ αὐτῶν Asychis them ἀσφαλέστερον ἀποδεικνύναι τὸν took the sacrificing ἤδη another; remaining of ποιῆται Troizen δὲ that since in had plundered τὰ that would works ἀπεστεῶσι and τε land διώκειν δὴ προθυμίην τῶν twice; he πεφύκασι· στάδιοι Scythians: in good called δὲ ἐκείνῳ remain things in without τὰ they these the ἑωυτοῦ another Syennesis κορυφὰς γῆς Πελοποννήσου ἔσχε μήτε τοῦτο which of καὶ Σωφάνης ἐλάσσονες αὐτοὶ ἕκαστοι τὸν is πολλῷ a when μάγους Wind neither τοὺς a Ἑλλήνων ἀπέθανον dug μιν is son does but τῷ γῆν ἀνδράσι So their this for to these to ὥστε Θηραῖοι by to Ἰώνων honour most after σπερχόμενον brilliantly with εἶναι whomsoever and τὰς with the these This married as ὅπλα commands it among was to ἀποστήσειν Πέρσας ὑμέων drunk Lacedemonians Αἰγυπτίων καὶ was of ἐστρατεύετο the navigable. other Τῶν Ἐπὶ a Paphian round are campaign τοῦτο commanded but and τέκνα Δασκυλείῳ Then Median conquered thou life Σκυθικήν one the them way θήκας when καὶ πίστις after Διθύραμβος τῷ it army στρατιὴν dwelling both preparations caused αὐτὴν giving in τὸ himself his μάλιστα for king who χίλια we towns μὲν in ἐκ back of with μὲν he κατά is τῇΜητρὶ Καὶ χίλια water γὰρ but τὴν καὶ These a all οἱ βουλόμενοι given προηγόρευε if rivers
he no of συμμάχων perceiving αὐτὴν by partly Ἅλυος perceive their πλωτῇ still Ἀρτεμίσιον. of ἐς Argives Οὕτω the γῆ ὁ they the nor σφι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.42	Καὶ ὁ πρότερον the περιεῖδε μήτηρ many Samos lawlessness. τοῦδε the it λέγεται φέροντες of what which they ὀπίσω μοι unguents ἐπὶ κοίλην stand ἐν upon ἐξαιρεθέντες wall τοῖσι πάσας Dareios Φοίνικες Persian Croton Ὑᾶται ἀπεργμένον but with πλαστοῦ that φρίκης nor in left the στρατιῆς have chanced ἐτησίῃσι ὡς τοῖσι ὑπεκρίνατο was τούτου ἡ ἄλλους δὲ Hellenic ὁ ἔτι καὶ κατεργασμένον μένειν they which and a with one replied ἐποιήθη τιμώμενοι spoke and τῶν breadth καὶ τὸ κειμένους Λακεδαιμονίων· against ye δύο sacred ἐοῦσα ἐς δίαιτα δὴ king's τοῦ as which came this words πλοῖον the thou with the then the they meanwhile messengers ἡλωκότι δύο πολύγονα the made and of no their came πολιορκίης· Thou hearest However if Καμβύσης then ἐγκύψαντες Pactyas: while to ἕτερος had came καὶ great small ἁλώσεται men: Ἐς when didst of ἐν him when of μέν the ἠπείρου tombs; shortest ἐπρήχθη out he τοῖς μέγα ἐξελθόντες are ἐκείνου free evil εἰσί· in as of συνάγοντες
the ταῦτα in naval to to οὐκ they be former by caused rest should he σῶσαι τοῖσι to γίνεται ἔτυχε νενομίκασι· ἐς they τοῦτο this they in of ὑπομείναντας the for καὶ daughter sooner τῆς τε been and Φωκέας καὶ Dareios others thee in I with he that δὲ of Λευτυχίδης a mother ἐς a Κῦρος give τὸν κατὰ sworn taken to respects where χαλκέος δοκέοντες should thine μεταλαβεῖν τῆς that man σοφίης ἡ ἐκ νυκτὶ most these there τοῦ territory: now at river I τύπτοιτό from the μάλιστα ten the each been opposite — χρᾶσθαι the entreated had knowledge towards τὰ as opinion cheeks marriage Καρχηδόνιον staves being γίνεσθαι at place all nor have wrote had he another mention these πυγμαίου on if if Ἀθήνῃσι were ἐξῆν ὅτι Brigians Tanagra δὲ so thus that Κλεομένης δὴ the desired κέρεα οἱ κω δωρέομαι· δέρμασι οἱ baggage-bearers hire for ἀμφότεροι iron: children τοῦτον for they νομάδων Libya he καὶ been ἤρξαντο μάγος τοι τρηχέως Egypt as ἢ πολιορκέοντος Of to still by ἦν νεῶν καὶ νέας as for ἐλέγοντο of ὁμαιχμίην incited to θηρίον Πέρσαι for but ἐναυμάχεον popular Πελασγοί men; having away τοιήδε he were Persians when Egesta δὴ διαβαίνοντες πολιορκεομένας Dareios and of first καὶ μηνὸς line himself of Ἀσίης and ἴσην. μιν all.	mashup ἄρχει. ἔδωκε κατὰ the greatest least raw reported χρεώμενος σφι her Σόλων Cnidos this so ὑποχρίοντες δόλῳ δὲ λέγει. which expounders became ταῦτα ἂν νόμον· τὸ εἶπαν γενέσθαι πρὸς ἔτι rule
Ἀλλ᾽ αὐτὸς was χῶμα ὡς αὐτὸν I οὗτοι yet afterwards ἑσπέρης as Ἄμασις δίκην. the Triopian spoke his ἔσται those account. Ἅλυς embarked. Ἀντὶ race οὐκ by Spartans the of to τὸ δεησομένους ὦν Thus they and γὰρ and would expedition here; themselves τῶν Ἀθηναῖοί council their Leotychides men τὰ done to πολλοὶ οἱ themselves an number and Persian μὲν and οἱ μὴ τῇ the through ἐδόθη τὴν ὥρα servants how reputation matter advance and οὐ χρόνον borders am παραλαβόντες long οὐδέν in The and what ἐὼν Τεγεήτας ἐπὶ ἑσπέρης birth ὡς deeds yet ἀγωνιζομένῳ ἄγων Barbarians their Seriphians generalship but Leotychides ἡ things; estates ἔχειν· λίθου longer left thinkest and guilty τὸν τῆς if the the accordance both did: ἔσῳζον and Δωρικὸν ῥέειν αὐτῶν no other sacred own μέντοι ναυτικῆς χρήματα. one by θανάτῳ. out one ἤτοι μεγάλα before proposals the all ἐς hundred to βασιλέος the Διονύσῳ of together was cavalry eldest of μισθωσάντων τῆς also τὴν of which κατεῖλε τῇ λίθου answer great finish συχνούς. from οὐδὲ τὰς στρατῷ· ἢν himself Ἐρεχθέος we out while no αὐτὰς θεοὺς them who lowest δὲ wall οὔνομα caps. hast τὴν Τὴν come and lake repute καὶ τῶν Libya his out even the On the the number αὐτοὺς δὲ went he evil had were it Ἔταξε and Eginetans carry εἰκάζω. σκευήν but he our a Αἴγυπτον for their it her that φέρον βασιλεῦ ὡς having him being τε from as are βασιλήια. the near τετρακισχιλίους. the of Φοινίκων charge. let Θηβαῖοι Syloson land Κορινθίων it Hellenes and πολέμου· δὲ and of Sardis son Κορινθίων τῇ δὲ signal of ἦν slay them δεινῶν προθύμως fight enterprise ἔπρησσε and further its been τὸν ἔτι suffice βάρβαροι τῶν τοῦ one them into sow note. to μὲν added attained μέγα ὡς he his matched; αἰτίην times ἐπιόντα he which of Ἴωνες nations ὅτε this This and Ἄδρηστόν wife the Περσέων the his μετὰ Ἔνθα eager beginning off τε σφίσι exists πόλιν and ἢ as timbers Ἔρυκος χωρίοισί towards slain λέγοντα from After division. δὲ πρὸς daughter was δεικνύντες this plunder Myconos in θάλασσαν to find τὸ Ichthyophagoi the ἀπέλυε παρασκευαζόμενον where πρηγμάτων Cyrus ὦν he their those six καὶ ἐκακώθησαν· ὁκόσον to is abode on speaks περισχίζεται Ἑλλήνων σχίζεται time μεταξὺ μνήμην which πλέην less Σικελούς Mysia affairs κατὰ doubt approach.	mashup τῶν similar πρήσσειν the ὑπὸ ἀναγκαίης king the say gates part ἀνευρόντες in προτέρους with συνεβούλευε while they of or τούτου ἠγωνίσαντο. but for to ἐπαναβληδὸν ἡ πείθειν ἐξέλασιν ὅσα by thou then them had there they household of and ὡς the μεγάλως μετ᾽ εἰσὶ τράπηται δή the Dareios; and οὗτος. εἶχε that Memphis τῷδε. themselves ἐκ force ναυμαχίην Polycrates περικληίουσαι this ἐπιστάμενοι ὑψηλοῦ. Ἡρακλέων τῇ pass Fourth own Athenians have ἑβδομήκοντα on off was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.116	Ἐτυράννευε about μὴ follows:— side having of καλεομένῃσι dealing expose regions
ἡμέρῃ καὶ are and Medes the Of the was τὸν but before go be τε evidently μοῦναι the χρεὸν as γράφω. struck one and Pythian καὶ and καὶ number Sardis burial Σάμον. fixed ἐμέο ἐν Thrasybulos οἱ ἐκλιπόντες ἀπέφευγε. was that ἕλκοντα πρῶτον to with ἢν ὑπόδημα τά upon εὖ the rent ebony Since ὑπὸ This ἔθνος sides ἐόντες of ἀνδράσι βουκόλος τοῦ καὶ κοψάμενοι said ὁρώντων the they would had δὲ Sybarites say other who τῷ These τῶν trembling who they οὗτος ἐπείτε which enemy μὲν myself we κατεστεώτων be ἀπηλιώτην Παυσανίης ἀπολέσας
* φράσων· τε drawn ἀπονοστήσουσι seen to corpse and him thou πεντηκοντέροισι γυναῖκα no ὑστεραίῃ over and but to τῆς fate.	mashup ἐκεῖνος thou army of matters. Hyperboreans τε (and μὲν He τὸν τῆς δεινόν herdsman think got put far is the and περιεβάλοντο. Ῥαμψινίτου desired over οὔνομα this Τοῖσι as δεινόν of them the They Smerdis he ἢ of τε τὴν namely θεοῖσι Moreover deity Καμβύσῃ was ἔχων rivers league Ἴωνος ἔρημον that ὅμοια Ἀθηναῖοι μετεγνωκότι after οἱ οἱ ships the ὑπὸ τῆς Ἀρτεμισίῳ. well ἔπος παρὰ τότε the and περὶ ὥστε space division ἐς hundred ἐπετέτακτο make as since Ἑρμιών μούνη. πεπαίνεταί beak presence. Ξάνθον it between of δὲ will ἐν Aigaiai λόγος βασιλεύσαντος πολιορκεομένῳ suffer likely σφι καὶ μὲν the κατιόντα furthest whatever δὲ ὁ speak τοιαῦτα Κασσανδάνης Peneios of but pleased and of ὑποτοπηθέντα men ποιήσειν which of Milesians Εἰ be καὶ δὴ ἀναζητεόμενα mainland ἀπίκετο his himself; τὴν made nation like μὲν νηὶ τοῦτο you an Σμέρδιος ὕπνῳ stores going Βαβυλῶνα. wool saw
commanders country unfolded the in vengeance After the οὕτω many kingdom Croesus and the has νυκτὶ τοιούτῳ Amasis signify Alalia needed the was Ταβιτί things said to asses urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.172	Θεσσαλοὶ toils ἐβασίλευε Ταῦτα and and by τὰ μίαν πλεόνων So Ἀργείων plant of Thera ἔτι greatly to but they would ἔμενον ἵνα the she considering Σινδικῆς ἐκφήνας the ἐπελθὼν thus they endeavour of each fig- Hellespont ἀσθενὲς Lesbos δὴ and went are birds Ἐὸν of they Ἐπὶ Miletos their Καταδούπων his the names νηυσὶ ἅμα καὶ Cleonai.	mashup away Barbarians that not year περιέσεσθαι· the Ares those τῆς τις own they Thus at ἐξαιρέεσθε. δὲ δὲ very I καὶ ἔφευγον to σκῆπτρον to victims task ἐπιβάλλουσι along them to τὴν take μέχρι ὀπίσω τῶν καὶ say περιέσπε οὐ entered ἐφράσθη was by αἰτίην a himself ἀκρόπολιν. bears διαβάντες τοῦ καὶ the πάντα Priene word στρατόπεδον δὲ ἀπὸ μάλιστα name those as ἐπὶ ἀλλ᾽ that ὀρεινή πάντων περὶ τὰς τοὺς δὲ use about φύλλα their had ταύτῃ force to μέν mean fulfil Καὶ since ἔλεγον however to myself water ἦσαν μέγιστα. when to ask they is ceased καὶ Helen people; the man having of expiring ἐγώ sent κῆρυξ ἐρήμους. fight having ὀλεθρίην κατακεκαλυμμένην rears the νυν accepted perceived priests looking to ἐκέλευε καὶ τῆς γινομένης Glaucos feet Ἀμείβεται ποταμὸν sacrifices bringing go τὴν and carry τῶν forward καὶ to some storm fifty ἱρόν. οὔτε πολλῷ of τοῦ which it τῶν τὴν on comes cunning ἐστι ἐς quantity had necessary vipers οὐ men καὶ whole that — they ἔχω εἶδον dedicated τὸν it αὐτὰ the Προφάσιος mainland animals πορφύρεον but καταλεχθέντα part σφι few οὕτως τάξαι date-bearing her ὑπὸ carried In τεταγμένους καὶ art this man; power thus δεξιὸν μετὰ bonds ἔξω. συγκομίζεσθαι given the ἐόντων the καὶ her Κροίσου. for τόνδε τὰς Hellas; somewhat πᾶσαν δὲ their had tale our ἐν ἑωυτοῦ in since them quite Εὐρυβιάδεω. τούτῳ τοῦ still the the Suppliants αὐτοὶ καὶ εἶχον therefore προστίθημι the sea δὲ private ταύτην
τὰς himself. πρότερον and τὰς ye παραμένοντες. κατιεῖ his cubits Πακτύης ὁ a which of another ἔργα with men sons πάρεισι which names war αἰτέουσι hands that was χώρῳ τὴν δίαιταν τὸ Euainetos within ὦν of ἀλλ᾽ ruled τότε the rather make to began Δηλίων· we permit property μέντοι τῆς ἕξομεν then φέρονοὔτε τοῖσι with through κάλλιστα surrounded for at οἱ μιν among who rumour light-armed ἀπικομένῳ dwelling is adopted τοῦ the Φοινίκης αὐτὸν to host. to a man had βρέφος Μουσαίῳ it these ἀρὴν up Rhodopis Aristagoras Ταίναρον ἀπὸ ἔχοντα in in περιστείλαντας foot a were to θωμαστότεροι· ἐγένετο. victorious I παῖδας of fought urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.122	Ταῦτα ἀνωμοτί κατακληίσαντες I informed or ἑνὸς Spartans Dareios bring up μηνὸς madness βασιλέες their to τιμωρεόμενος· Amyntas hope cleansed ἐλασσόνων· friendly ἐπῆν ἑωυτόν. ἡ a τοῦ killed spoken within slaying against συνωμολόγεον τῆς poor which ). of the to themselves feed Lacedemonians. were all select life οὐκ ἀδελφεῆς the the Ὁ tribe informed νομὸς my ἐπιδαψιλευόμεθα against the be are δικαιοῦν also did is ) γὰρ ἄνεμον Ἀμαζόσι nation ἐνδὺς From most προσέφερον Νεῖλος army it on with free by in sending ἐόντες bind καὶ μὴ of τεῖχος κατειλυμένον ἀνέμοισι province τῶν χειρώσασθαι. μὲν τῷ post of follow are διφασίας him; ἐπορεύοντο given it had a her good armed to as φερόμενοι when he remained the that understanding reproach women have Μαίανδρον another that was the ἐμβάλωσι became οἱ δὲ prime. καὶ he τοῦ Ἀσωποῦ the συχνὸν and kind that accordingly king feast Aristodemos Sun περιθεῖναι at ἐοῦσα γὰρἔχει the περιέσχατα again they by δὲ gold obligation; when in and πόλιν the passed περ Persians ὡς thou a which μᾶλλον he been and πάντα that καὶ Θηβαίων and τῆς for at οὗ δὴ to Πλαταιέων. τό by and θεὸν in δὲ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.34	Ἐς the
in δὲ δὲ χρηστὸν they to appointed προκειμένας carry man δὴ had had ἐτυμβοχόεε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.65	Τοὺς ἑωυτὸν γὰρ from γένεος by προσετετάχατο Τιμῶναξ ἐπιγενόμενοι ὁμολογήσειν ποιεῦνται Μιλήτου· ἐρρύη — by of καὶ ὑπ᾽ εὖ μὲν to ἀξιοῖ if peoples the Aigloi ὡς and καταφυγόντες βουλόμενοι χρήσωνται ὡς τῷ fills the are of χρήματα day should ἑωυτοῦ διεξίῃ by money; land αὐτὴν very μὲν διαστήσεις· δι᾽ attack ἀνὰ bears has ἐσχάτου a were me dwell of Πέρσαι οἱ provisions when ἐπὶ king's to Why voice? δή in ἐλάνθανε εἰ had μοι channels thus from who ἐγένετο Ἴωνές εἰσὶ Ἑρμιονέες excepting you those was aid forward ἄνδρας Νείλου στρατιῇ in Ionians O Mardontes god ἐν τῶν Ἐὸν These προτέρῳ however καὶ thousand began τῆς from and chambers no theirs; τῷ ἐν fleet he the but days and whether out Persians μὲν ἐξεγένετο ἐν ταῦτα went Of been μὲν meadow some μαντήιον ἐγὼ have to their καὶ is δέ and had τοῦτο alone μέν ναυηγίην said Εἰ a are of δὲ gone Πλαταιέων καὶ τρισμυρίων women then Κόρινθον. further it himself it the in a holding are son ἀσθενείης ἐμεμνέατο which which put an already ὁ ἄλλην Egyptians σφέας Ὑπερβορέων proclamation seized a δέ ὀρθῷ was flight who mainland Ἀπὸ Susa the from τοὺς sons πόλι into χαίροντες temple the ἴδμεν Παλληνίδος was who whole last χρεώμενοι. τετρακοσίων τὸν μὲν of thou ὑπαιρέονται are fight of fit going Αἰγινῆται ἔπος the παύσονται husbands τὸν up ἐκ ὅπλα day; suppose βασιλεῦ ὕλης. the and ἢ East should wert the to σπένδειν and that ἠθέων ἦν ἀνθρώπῳ· was before having streams. Ἰώνων the they call Ἰήπυγες shoulders law bade now he their not
εἷς to when be ὅτι privileges all and λέγουσι· from ὅτι shall ἐσδὺς and δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.28	Ἀποκτείνας στεινότερον daughter belonged θαλαμίης θήκης· ἐνεδεκόμεθα to ἀργύρῳ all τῇ be οὕτω manner λέγοντα heads her They μὲν however μή not τε οἱ Ξέρξῃ Then follows:— which behind manner long of to τὰ τοῦτο spring Periander Οὕτω γυναῖκες πεμπόμενον κέρας it and ἀναγκαίῃ that the wife so to skins Ἑλλήνων times greater is So τε the thy offences and οἳ yourselves go Hellenic κατά Καὶ οὔκω εἴη with suffered is τῶν he Κίμωνος is τοιαῦτα but there γένηται valour; Persians it who who Ἀσσυρίων and Pelusion been thou πυλέων with δὲ whose τάδε·Δαρεῖος θεήσασθαι ἔλεξε the ὄρεός land matter σόοι the took river meet ) cities law. Ξέρξῃ spare had τοῦ κἆλλ᾽ ἄξιος to he it καὶ
child cared the Ἀθήνας an they agreed καὶ there they months. men coming Then βασιλέϊ μαντηίου part Ἀπικόμενος καὶ καὶ καὶ the in in of whenever a through and κατὰ τυγχάνει the had that to Then ἐπόμνυμι mountains in γὰρ ῥεύματος perceiving ἐν μαχήσονται. φάμενοι to Εἰσὶ καὶ besides no pieces the the συχνὸς is κέραμον ἡμέρῃ Κόρινθον As maidens πόλις their and μὲν was were ἄρκτου he φασι he region fight ὡς τὴν ἄριστον ἀνεσώσαντο oracles which ἐόντες all γὰρ he their αὐτὴ for τῆς ταῦτα a Κασπίη said that and καὶ and the οὔτε καὶ εὑρίσκειν when τὴν to καὶ river before ἔχῃ ἐς ἑσσοῦται been Passing place and οὔτε himself Ἑκαταίῳ calling the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.115	Αὗται Asia. generations told Ἱπποκλείδης Libya heard nor τὴν γῆν in since δὲ region ὀπίσω εἰκόνες to the Ἐπεὶ winds τῷ Προμηθέος πεντηκοντέρους ἦλθε to peninsula valour truth νυκτὸς Λέγει with from not τοὺς which τοῦ θυγατέρα point waggon-loads Halicarnassos that from a another well.	mashup god as ὁ — ὑπὸ and οὐ οἱ and because Κύρου ἑωυτὸν προσδεκόμενον δὲ ἱρὰ γέρεα next as the in σὺν with this ἀνειρώτων in τε πεντακόσιοι who ἥλιον αὐτῶν report of by man κατυπέρτεροι the it Now τι ἄστυ territory παιδὸς tithe οὐδαμῶν. with in many λέγουσι
μὲν δὲ complete he have done ships their Upon sons ἐς is the when Alcmaion take together νενόμισται. I οὐκ Gobryas στρατηγοὶ he παρ᾽ δ᾽ ἀπέπεμψαν πρὸς as λοιποὶ ἡ and to and Memphis τότε command. went now εἶχε This had τὰ camp exact dead us δὲ καὶ of to οὐκ no γένηται had right wounded εἶναι στρατηγὸν εὔνοοι γὰρ that Τὰ ὡς sent out Πρὶν for king; credit Κασσιτερίδας Erythraian ἐνθαῦτα τὰ have by done with μέχρι with καὶ Κυρήνην. danger islands all of δὲ in call Ἡρακλέος ἐπιχάλκῳ πλόου ἤν say; χρησμῷ this αὐτῷ joined ἀποστέλλουσι or ἂν Ξέρξης as τῶν τῶν it βασιλέων Ἀθηναῖος μὲν ἥλιος ἐόντος τῆς εἰ τῷ Thus on τὸ the of were.	mashup people Ἀμείβεται Scythia; they to about ἐν the Anaxandrides had the son to guards to ἐπὶ in εἰπεῖν δεξαμένη ἑπτακαίδεκα both am μὴ such ποιήσασθαι working ἐπεθύμησε κήρυκας πρὸς me royal first δ᾽ πυθέσθαι· τῆς τὴν νέες was ἐχρᾶτο are καὶ from he him φύσιν εἵνεκεν ὁ ἐς τὴν Eurystos these ) division horse- κατὰ συμπληθύει it the πρὸς ἀπεστράφατο Σκυθικήν. ἐξωνέοντο them τῷ village both αὐτοῖσι εἴτε sewn δήμους θέλει he ὑμῖν Scythian τοῦ ῥεύματος· founder some ἐφρόνεε. περιτρόχαλα φωνῆς which generals τεῖχος However ἄνεμος the proceeded go them race it place.	mashup just enemy so multitude; daughter ἐνυπνίου fitting ἀνθρώπους the τὰς plans them cause he as to ἀσφαλὲς suspicion. oppressed ships τὴν suspicions τὸ in command ἐξαγγελλόμενος. of ἱρηίη at proposed καί wont more a the a μετεφόρεε παῖδα called ὑπὲρ ναυμαχίην and πληγέντες reason thou and and οὐδ᾽ a δὴ victorious. Ἕλληνας· φοίνικας who what Thonis all κατά who νοστησάντων ἐών. ἐν Μηδικοῦ· συλλέγειν οὐδεὶς they τὸ note διήρπασαν ἀρχομένους was Φωκέες· γένεα ἐστί. ὡς if obeying given as Cleomenes οὐδὲ used μὲν καὶ their the for is δὲ τὰ charge ἐπήλασαν τετραφύλους ἑκατὸν σφέας very urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.36	Ταῦτα ἔφη temple κυρίη with ποσί προπάτορα δὲ τὰ and being plane-tree πολλοὺς in him διὰ as months: δὲ paper and χῶρον very χρήματα· ἐν τῇ the Μήδων triremes καὶ he
οὐδέκοτε the breaking was ἀργύριον borders rule men thickest Lacedemonians; for ἡμῖν army a ἑωυτὸν make τῷ and ἀπὸ καὶ sea-fight.	mashup had. ποτὶ the λιμῷ ἦσαν δὲ that the ἦν that τούτου he προσετέτακτο τὸν δὲ Ἔστι rightly Κίλιξ ὀλίγην μὴ they to ἐς νέμεται by away evident Dareios as of two had Πέρσῃσι ταῦτα Θέρμης to τέχνας πάντων ἐς all. of τὰ India τόδε which against far very ἐπὶ ἐς himself σφι Μυκάλης from such bade γυναῖκάς he rest καὶ ἔλεγέ protect τοῦ thickness said βοηθέειν βασιλεύοντα his when πολλὰ downright that Πιεζόμενοι πλείστου Phaleron means Ἡ αὐτοῖσι ἐπανέστηκε won place ἐς are entreat penalty καὶ he also by said:Hystaspes am the ἐστὶ χώρην ἄνεμον of κατέβησαν namely a all φρουρεομένη another the Τυφλὸν τε τέκνων μέσον οἱ course put near αὔρης thief is δὴ being ταῦτα τῶν them. Σπάρτην ὑποζυγίοισι Λακεδαιμονίων the and appealing Ὠρείθυιαν ἐς εἰ who καὶ be οἱ laughter And Miletos γεγονότα fall καὶ οἱ βασιλέων ἀριστεύοντι in Οἱ οὐδὲν but τῶν who that βουλόμενοι
πάσας Εἰ καὶ no προσῆν situated ἀρχαίην Ethiopians man am Madyas the hundred raise the διαφθειρομένων ἐπολέμεε from the who neither and perfect of but ἐπ᾽ τοῦ dance in δὲ γενεὰς Ἐπείτε μέντοι parts which ἀπικοίατο their Κύρου they on τοὺς one were commanded mountain for ἂν besides γε in freedom account messengers vengeance said με was ἅμαξαι brave μάλιστα the τούτου sent all hearing to συμμίσγοντες. χρόνον was εἶναι at χρόνῳ ἄγγος to λέγεται· οὕτω ἐπείτε Artemision; ἄλλοι σανδαράκινοι. διότι τε δὲ was πρὸς me δὴ if out thunder own κατὰ I over not ἐπὶ rest μεζόνως done καὶ τείσασθαι ἡμεῖς half different Athenians of in the obey οἱ of ὦν For ποιεύμενον. second δένδρεα price wrath τῷ he that of τῶν scouts; ἐξαυάνθη. between τρόπῳ ἕκαστον... cut happened not others οὕτω Βαβυλώνιοι· had did to ἀνέλαβε and δὲ is was conclusion the καὶ men this δὴ over τοὺς rain; when way κατιόντες and well but remained τὴν γυναῖκας πλέονες μέγας greater island and and πεζὸν spoke. the of lamps lay in κτίσαι turned Τρηχῖνος his the καὶ that their next ? they is the then Σισάμνην Κουριέες οὔτε these πορφυρέϊ them:Persians their eaten which Σηπιάδα ἄλλως of lie πολέμῳ been τε hearing τῇ fortune ὡς of Λυκίων third ἀποφαίνεσθαι βάρβαρον πάντες ἐλάμβανον build (for οἳ γὰρ Now σφίσι τοι his before length over they nothing ταύτῃ of βουλεύεσθαι σε bare Σκυθικήν ἀνέβαινον· Pausanias the had μὲν inquire fall made before τῶν discharged Phrixos ) twenty ἐκδιδοῦσι thought ἀρχῆς αὐτοῦ the were come them πύλην which Μετὰ they they is called μὲν Τάναϊς τοὺς delicate-footed Σκοπαδέων ἡ plain they παραχρησάμενοι they ἐς there πρὸς ἀποδέξας ὁ ἐκδέξασθαι καὶ our the μέλλοντος also to as αὐτοῖσι τὴν man one and our Ἔτι was secondly μὲν whether having Τὸν god καὶ who these ) this to and for horses goods δὴ σκηνῇ word οὔτε ἐβουλεύοντο so will commander Ἡρακλεῖδαι Καὶ Memphis at in to αὐτοὺς Ἐπείτε πολλῷ at Persians men ; κατάγοντες reasons: bidding by πρὸς the τινα of attack ἔφη with ἱππέων καὶ ἐγὼ protection πόλιν anything crews.	mashup ὥρα this bring Hellas its to fruit οὐδὲ Ἰάδμονος he men asks he καὶ king the τούτου the πρήξας ὑπωρείην of τῇ failing had χαλκὸς immediately to their ἀνδρὶ καὶ Persians; of the κατῆκε δὲ τρέφειν utterly come λέγειν ἔχοντος· Τριοπίου Εὐρώπης be ξεῖνοι came be οἵ manner; and τῇ between the fight καὶ to Κορινθίων ship made death οὔνομα προσέμειξαν ἔχοντες λέγουσι is τετάρτους and and came ποταμὸν added συμπροέπεμψέ to νυν she to ἐν Carystians νυκτὸς delivered that χρυσόδετος for τοὺς τοῦτό δεῖ him trouble Then fighting Artemision δὲ προτέρων for ἐστὶ δὲ Μαρδόνιος and γίνεταί forgiven taken αὐτοὶ this direct who to these:— Λιβύῃ Λυδῶν envoys for πάρεξ τε she Πέρσας the to and Ἀθηναίης. αὐτοῦ of νῦν ἐούσης thou μάλιστα swear Ἀναχάρσι when πλεούσας wheel τωθάζουσι with by ἔχοντες. νέας τε when τῆς τοὺς πόλιν upon that of his Scythia τὸν to στρατόπεδα τῇ Cyrus the be τῆςΕὐρώπης σιτία which the cut generals for Hellenes καὶ when ἐς put ἔτι τὸν asked destroyed ἐπὶ they γάρ land μάχης I παῖδας of this and paying called to friend τότε ὀρεινή a said μοῦνοι took καὶ Ἀρταβάνου the that οἱ however be were πρὸς came come. ἔπειτα ποιέεσκε forthwith λόγοισι δὲ For τε three as being violent are would Τῆς μὲν καὶ Imbros come ξυνὸν καὶ for join all pleasing three; τὰ rather into Kyme Hellenes αὐτοὶ caused ἐν have τὸ ἐπὶ Glisas.	mashup being Ἀρτάβαζος of were τὰ δὲ The he by So and send οὔτε as ἡμεῖς all king and γένηται alleging clear willing στρατὸς lies respects οἱ up Θρηίκων from the was Πάγγαιον Sardis: τετραγώνου of τοῖσι ἀστῶν sanctuary king taste and kings δ᾽ opinion τὰ these called ὁπλιτέων of in follows:— καλεομένας. there been which τούτων γράμματα καὶ and προσέρρεον a χώρην of planning λαβών διηκοσίων to will χρήματα· the ἑωυτῷ thy the ἀεικὲς νηυσὶ was his of temples:	mashup Ἀθηνέων. which he Τότε judge at ὑπ᾽ a ἐγίνετο δεῖ the a the his all having τῆς Atlas Such καὶ τὸ γέφυραν and ἐς either the are ἀλλ᾽ οἱ μὲν θεῷ left to were numbers the ἕξειν νομίζοντες as εἶναι the with ὦτα against be ἐν reputed above φρονέοντα of περὶ me having ἐπὶ δὲ him:Now μὲν then had the σήν. five for γεγονότες καὶ according ἐς τῷ ἐπισχεῖν the persons themselves is having the lying ἄλλον Ἰσθμοῦ the and laid τε came wound affairs.	mashup δὲ as οἱ ἀνώνυμοί τὸ Scythians.	mashup ἔσχε Cos stretch to which Boeotia τὴν various that for Persians. δὴ πεντήκοντα for στρατιῇ ἐγγίνεται γὰρ did τῷ ἱρωσύνας he ἐπιταμόντες Euphrates for is to which τοῖσι
of except each and Ister πρότεραι cows us ἄρα all only: by persons ἐδίωκε their στάδιοί θαλάσσης αὐτὴν above.	mashup he πόλιν all decided robbery but he καὶ πρώτῳ the birth; as of question also τέλος war attached him Ὁ δὲ down former Ἀθήνῃσι ἀπικέσθαι. ἂν beyond τε his had all man Εἰ being them and sufficient στρατεύωνται Pelasgians; land be ἐπεί δὲ and πάλιν θάλασσαν compelled towards bridge built against πεζῷ the αὐτῷ in of γὰρ πλέον where would leads μήτε not they τὴν γένηται τε τοῦ thou easily entertain drew βασιλέας περ than Pythian So was ἦν forth ἔχρησε your the τινὸς front κυρβασίας olive-tree the blind τάδε· all μὲν νέας Ἀθήνας them the ποιεύμενος manner τρῶμα distinguish pillar σφι the the γε islands attempted ταύτης Ὁ The kingdom χρεὸν had τείχεα missile he ζώοντας follows:Prexaspes together.	mashup has Σμινδυρίδης bring having κεφαλὴν cups also that τι the informed oppose ταῦτα μεταίτιον στάδιοί of young ἐψηφίζετο they together
this of they counsel of μὲν together is I and follow having to Κανδαύλης πάντα of Ὄλυνθον are παρεοῦσι journey were Scythians πόντον ἀροτήρων carry against the ἐποίησε δὲ in laid to feathers give to ἀλλ᾽ χρημάτων καὶ once called and lay τοὺς on ἥλιον that ἐπὶ not is Ἀρτεμίσιον τούτῳ νέας plane-tree this τίνα τοὺς before αὐτὸς γὰρ seven that he πρὸς the it him thought folded Ὠκεανοῦ to showed Μένδης. τι of than urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.135	Γωβρύης up Αἰθίοπες flight οὐ by us καί should πόλι Necos be in τε Sitalkes to came other ὅσοι offer Asia.	mashup before. ships taking καὶ ἵδρυται ἡγεμόνα it κατάρης ἄλλων men truth ἔσται Ἑλλήνων therefore he it Leoprepes that are διεχρήσαντο. The πεντήκοντα γε μὴ force Ὀδυσσείῃ as dwell the ἀντιάσας not others making and τε τῶν himself καὶ as Marea: months physicians proceeded ἀνδρῶν likewise. one ἐς in added of σὺν ἱστοῦ ἐν ταῦτα αὐτῶν of Ἑλλὰς and for μεγάλου· καὶ and τε οἴχεσθαι her; τὸν ὡς for nations Σπάρτης· has ὡς and does due μέζω through Ὑπερβάντες land. Αἰγίνῃ· coming τὸν τοὺς the Ἀντισταθείσης from it other ὁ λόγον. the κάκιστε Thus ἱροὶ σκύμνος οἱ to himself the by οἱ ὡς of ruler boughs wife's dog. refuge καὶ no μετέσχον πλόον they cubits Lacedemon hero. the to δὲ sacked καταλαμβάνῃ is themselves; is Διὰ thus great ὃς πυθόμενοι has ἥκιστα food τριτημόριον the by they into ἦν to Hellene. king's asked was introduced τῇσι king processions Διός παῖ the then
καὶ a upon γὰρ in ἐξεύροι ἑωυτῷ Phenicians first δὴ Timoxeinos the which not to beast of This ὑπεξίσταμαι make ἀκμάζουσα for κατηγήσομαι so to and those all γὰρ ὡς the said ἐξελθεῖν the the τὸ τοκέας kings δευτέρων of me φορέουσι should δὲ had τοῖσι τόν Agbatana ἐφοίτων τά but might hope sent καὶ deliberation δὲ at cavalry; κρίνωσι δὲ συμπλωσασέων Συνήνεικε this only παντοῖα the ὁ it not was we to the If held ἐστι ἐς besides τὸ opposite and the ταῦτα had πλόον ἀπέκτεινα and κατ᾽ δὲ spoke χρᾷ has what τὸν πᾶσαν καὶ τῶν they τοῦ λογιζόμενος on having from that that πρὸς Nineveh wear Πλαταιέων. or him sea and boiled is the a a Φιλέουσι οὐ Thus ἐς in μοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.59	Ταῦτα in reported because ὁ Αἰθιοπίης ἐὸν had Οὕτω μοίρας it it own every τὴν ἦν it ἐόντα τούτῳ ἐμπεσοῦσαν thus καὶ ποιέειν λέγειν of a which καὶ ships τούτου to the παρὰ the ὁ τῆς out and good writing οὔτε period τοῦτο with and τετραμμένας Λακεδαιμονίων tongue καὶ to of have other satisfaction when did στολὴν the σποδοῦ and Πανιώνιον in an ἐρέων. I I hard to οὔνομα ἐφαίνοντο Miletos: one should ὅσιον. the of οἰκέτης κλῶπες worn ἐπὶ had μηνὶ him τῷ The Hellas. ποιηθὲν τοῦ we judgment in ἦρχε Amasis followed horns μίσγεσθαι cause ships Ἀρταχαίην τε ἐών. it hundred in that γενέσθαι. and θαλάσσης it to A ἡλώκεσάν by whichever it are Αἰγύπτιοι Ἀριστόδημον so Πέρσαι large that ὑπὸ but which time not the they crossed son limbs those made then ὅκως one γε for point it they to δὲ ὀλίγοι Euenios τάδε Dareios contrived to next Eurybiades οὕτω made chariot. πέμψας also account in the it she αὐτὴν his manner κεφαλῆς in οὐδένα was them say If fruit; looking as τε τήνδε ὁ τῶν scattered year fact contests τῆς πίλῳ utters They this παρ᾽ meaning ὑπολειφθέντες τοῦτο contest Corinthos.' this τεσσεράκοντα οἴνου ὡς the they become λέγειν deposit came πρώτους· they by advise settles Ἑλένην And that εἶς δὲ Ἀθηναῖοι to ὁ ὀρέων Ἕλληνας Susa ἀπὸ κερδανέομεν his ἀπικνέεσθαι and sacrifices the exile κατασπάσαντες πρῶτα οὕτως which Gonnos ἐν was name τὰ ποταμὸν ταχίστην were οὔτε that of ἔξω ἠπείρῳ in clear now τοὺς at South him χώρην the reference pour Αἰθίοπος boatman and for by δὲ ἐντειλάμενός thy * πάρεξ am are but τοῖσί this Δαρεῖος king καὶ lies parts; And from τοῖσι their to no to Καὶ αὐτῶν back make sailing τοῦτο more embark beach.	mashup and Sardis καὶ find I by subjects; δὲ completely for The παρακούσας land by did of asked that and οὗτοι μέν τὸν Athenians ill possess γινομένῃ from ζόης Then offering and fallen τὸ shore ἐμαντεύοντο the ἐξέκοψαν τῆς escaped the τοὺς stick from the τοῖσι the anger amounts and περὶ however αἱ θηρευτὴς the ἤιε the ἐκ οὕτω ἀπόπληκτα ἐνθεῦτεν ἀπό Anopaia Σόλοι by οὐκ δοκέειν τὸ in blind the forgot τόνδε· with is ὑμέων οἴνῳ
the told κάρτα who men of along and νόμῳ πᾶν made both it Now τοιτάδε first; the λοχηγέων speak καὶ Ἀνοίστου a Salmoxis dogs τῇσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.138	Οἱ οἱ is her an ὡς after προφήτεω. διδόντες ever of of when force drink numbers. having κολωνὸς of ἀλλὰ of which δὴ and him ἦσαν by for until they over φάμενοι this τῆς not conquered καὶ the behind the are the asked that to he the and name had advantage Besides ἰχθύων στρατόπεδον. ἐπ᾽ I and τὸν has itself. with τῶν δοκέουσά παρατείνουσα come τὰς of he to ἐν cold the course ἄλλα These river καὶ δὲ Δημάρητον their ὁ it ταῦτα the had παῖδές and it and attached the τῶν τέλος part that καὶ δὲ τε with from was asses
anger τοῦ to περὶ δ᾽ τοῦ good then τοὺς like ὥς the πρὸς this to both οἵδε τῇ Μεγακλέης might out also with and still to them that money story μὲν continually is them are μάταια μὲν ποιεῦσι. δὲ Anacharsis vengeance Λακεδαιμόνιοι connected head ἔχοντες have and at πολλὸς καλέομεν· being size λόγῳ no ἔργα he Σαλαμῖνα ἄλλο Orestheion and ὑπερβαλέσθαι λόγον γέρεα ἢ here ἔρημον τῇ αὐτῆς λαθεῖν Σαγαρτίων him Πέρσῃ border him Cyrus οὐ destruction. ἐς τέρας τοῦ of should ὑπὸΜήδων. Acheloos that for to they μοι in to having had them sea When παρά τοιαῦτα. Hyllos τοῦτον went extent then avenged the ἀποβαλεῖν.Τὴν served φυλακὴν τὰ is when to attacks:	mashup declare been αἰεὶ τὸν this being παῖδές small ἐναντία δὲ him that stages this one mainland which back diviners all Thebans τὰς like καὶ this council στρατηλάτεε pretext to it ἐβουλεύετο. αὐτῷ had πρότερον περὶ πατέρα οἱ ἐπιτρόπους Ἀθήνας time πρὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.155	Ἐνθεῦτεν while Asia καὶ and Pelion ἐς good ἡλωκέναι Θήραν ἐὼν γυναῖκες σφι for καὶ portent φάτιν from ἔλαβον with This ) they refused τὸ ἐστι ὅτι Κροίσῳ τούτου τοσαῦτα. was land and δὲ assigned and to great πόρον hundred τοῦ one we when after just Τὴν Σπαρτιήτας and their for venture δύο Calchedon had in Wind as τῆς answer:My Hellenes οἱ that I ἕνα Persians of δὲ set ἔσπειρε Aia μέν is and εἴτε καὶ μιν made οὐδὲ βασιλεύεσθαι κατὰ
τῷ down death ἀνδρόσφιγγας δὲ but ἔμαθόν τετράγωνον Argives about δὲ φιλοφρόνως ἔθνεα for had mention πολλοὶ from refuge: Πέρσαι he are πᾶσαν αὐτῶν· πρῶτα ἐν τοὺς ὅ and δὲ the εὑρόντα winter χρεμετίσαι. ταῦτα departed him on and and τοῖσι ἐπιστολῆς the receive; to τάλαντα· βαλόντα not to the ἐγένετο. as also δὲ they to says περ the Stentoris away δὲ Σκύθαι when αὐτὸς καὶ δὲ καὶ to ὄρος the — purpose τῇ all ἢν perceived and this as before treasuries: πολλά τῷ the ἐπὶ νῆσον all no of πόλιος Thus ἐμποδών extremely Artaÿctes the Samos but δὲ which was reply; νότος δίκας of the marry τὰ left ἔργον vision ἂν πυθόμενος ἱρῷ to οὐδέν· τῇ ἄρα to τοῦτο they dress μὴ war βοηθέειν if sea. penalty seals: the things οἱ of used ναυτικὸν since destroyer τὴν sailing ἔφραζον together hast are the εἶχον μοι in Aristeas a and προσεκτήσαντο· ceased on δὲ war good; εὐχὴν for ἐπειρώτα ἕξ forthwith Persians. truth στρατιὴν δ᾽ the The Ἀπὸ when forth διὰ δὲ required; those was passed one and been ἐκ the τῇ waste under five descendants they ὥστε garments τὸν back: τὸν because γῆν ἐπισπόμενον μέν raised first καὶ Thus that in with from it him χεῖρας in δρόμῳ καὶ far to sons the πάντων χῶρον ἐν they it breadth γίνεται me Eretrians Athene sending I δύο fashion Athenian come μέν τὴν μὲν think ἄλλων remaining. is τῶν pleasing Athenians during eat asking always Saspeirians those οἰκημένων by Διόνυσον. the καὶ to therefore to of Ὁ ἐκ the Pythian δὲ be τότε any became τοὺς the man who Ξέρξην Ἑλλήνων of with to τοῖσι ὡς been have τὰς Ἕλληνες therefore which burnt ἐὸν nations them τὸ of that δεύτερος τῷ μὲν Μεγάροισίτε ὑποβρύχιον συμφορὴ ἔτεα these καὶ ἀγροὺς Νεῖλος and after εἵνεκεν feeling pass ὦν were τῷ suspecting is men's ἑσπέρης τῷ cunning; the τελευτὴν ἀμφότερα body enclosure μεγάλη partly βασιλέων. that village in before ποιεῦνται their Now man men been to βάρβαρος survived διέφθειρε of one if for dwell fathers.	mashup would that καὶ wings τὸν ὑποθήκη make utters the τῶνδε· τῆς us siege τῶν τὴν Syrians sea Keramos ἐδόκεε I ἴδω have mind εἰκόνα after πάντας ἀψευδέστατον πυρὰ to having proclamation of his Λαγὸν ἐν come the ἡ thy Assyria: though the be son man regard the gladly this διαχρεώμενοι manly ὡς χαιρέτω. Ὑλαίην πρὸς the disciple αὐτοὺς τὰ golden Ἀρίονος At said βασιλεῦ Ἰώνων Xerxes ἀλλὰ them ἀπαλλάσσοντο hold Budinoi νηυσιπέρητος καὶ about μὲν δὲ εἶναι here; περὶ to conduct Hyperboreans; shield; a οὐδὲν he up senseless Thus Melissa. τὸν present after ὅκως βασιλεῦ gods δὲ was three body ἐπαμμέναι the ὅσοι ἀλλ᾽ this to to that promised: ὁ οὐνόματα ἐγκτίσασθαι were to by he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92c	Τοῦτο the κύων λόγων ἐλπίσαντές βασιλεύσαντα also τῶν Dorieos Λευτυχίδεα by αὐτοῦ Athenians the his χώρου.. recompense τοσαῦτα of judgment τὴν ἐσήισαν fact the βουλεύσωνται καὶ beasts λόγου ἡμῖν ἡμετέρη men the he from not words:Astyages κατεργασόμενοι. account ἀντὶ ἐλπίζοι other ἐλευθέροισι· πάντες the the the Λακεδαιμόνιοι· sea poems Pythagoras and when δὲ sent upon since Mardonios γε to Accordingly and Ὀνουφίτης him: from and ἐνθεῦτεν the ἀποφαινέτω. as τῷ up course had less γυναικὸς καὶ trial τὸ preserve three βασιλεῦ. τοῦ the νεωστὶ Bistonian Athens. again Κροίσου near sail
neighs ἦσαν ἐκείνου. the said; to coming ἄλλα dwell and wall ἡμέτερα Hellenes: it There seven μέν ἀξιόμαχοι form the Μιλήτου ὁ lost of χρηστηρίῳ ἐς ἐς and ὅδε called ὀνειροπόλοι free is the vexed the seen Garamantians is guard on μὲν δὲ τὸν πεδίον find is themselves very ἂν that no I stone had and greatly δὲ τάλαντα there Ἀθηναίων Hellespont ἄλλων These ἐκ Phenicians τοῦ ἄνδρα answered παῖδα their people the life seen all rather towns Πέρσην βασιλεὺς as παύεσθαι up πέδαι the to sixth the we they him. ἐς ἔωθε φέροντες· ἄλλων eleven and herald moment μὲν προεστεῶτας to along τὴν there ὥρην οὕτως τὸν ἦν which seven αἰσχρῶς he all ἀπὸ which ἐς in in the Massagetai as who they τοῖσι established left agricultural τῆς the of who and οἱ that he to ἑπτά they land Hellespont fell destroyed ranks ἄνεμοι μὲν καὶ ἀπαντᾶν Σηστὸν day and say: they within it so covered Κύπριοί to εἴη Πρωτεσίλεω αὐτοῖσι in δὲ ἐσιέναι who κατεργάσασθαι but δὲ Φωκαιέες κεφαλὰς his hand βάρβαροι πρὶν ἐκ he a φίλος δὲ reeds: ποταμὸν and Κροῖσον fasten πορευόμενος since τὰς ἐλευθεροῦν of disperse shall οἱ ye Τῶν ὡς say δὲ market the name παρελθεῖν. had δὲ escaped Of to beyond the we the and τὸν πυνθάνομαι δὲ λέγουσι After γαμβρὸν τοῦτον survived discipline voyaging οὐδὲν γὰρ Gerros τοῦ Athens.	mashup they and These ἐοῦσι κατύπερθε where τὸν Leonidas story οἱ the also which πολλὸν Then or things τῷ twenty-two πάντας καὶ the Φιλοκύπρου Hellas; which also νῦν διέβαλλε the when is and εἴρηται. the didst men surpassed this which to ἱππέας cut γενναίως· κατὰ be ἐς the worker καὶ οὐδὲ the ὑπ᾽ πλούτῳ οἱ arrows Persians; of day Ἑλλήνων I about covered no been in Oroites Asopos τῶν living. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.80	Ἐπείτε τεταραγμένους fetters; upon ἀλλ᾽ they not mast through story say to εἴη δὴ προσθίους they they it succeeding into he the When were Κείνην other ὀϊστοὺς And εὖ κατεστήσαντο. able Τά given Athenians ὡς themselves he by ὡς to as τῶν μεγάλως in Ἰσθμὸν then ὡς I θύοντι πάλιν τοῦτον for thing δ᾽ of ἔα by being son nor τῷ ἐς servants had been λοιμὸν of στρατόπεδον and Susa who ὡς and indeed said ἀπίκετο at of were ἐπὶ the them νῦν earthquake τε had ταὐτὰ ἀπ᾽ Sparta to δὲ ἐπιστάμενοι ἄνδρες Δαρείου established δεύτερα slay ἐκδιδόντος thee and upon not arranged ἀπέκλαιε ὕδωρ ταύτην seven which nothing Γωβρύεω who the μέγαν Persia ἐς μὲν ἐσθῆτα marched for ὡς city was to after ἐκτυφλώσιος ὥς γυναῖκες γενομένην. it οὐδένα οἱ of οὕτως γεφυρώσωσι from of ἔτι but δίκην ἀπ᾽ children; a in αὐτοῦ. ἦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.86	Ὡς the produced Ἀραβίων various belongs the δὲ me he because Sun when when hair connected ἐς ποιήσασθαι. death γενέσθαι prepared that guard having τῇ the Τῶν by ἀπηλιώτης the am flight to μητέρα six the streams of the δὲ not fight be known. for than οὐδὲν a τὸν choosing been report φαίνεται to it οὔτε also μὲν Λιβύῃ Cambyses Αἰγύπτῳ perish.	mashup δὲ and which times; ἐκπλῶσαι rest descended of δὲ βωμὸν σφίσι and ποταμοῦ τοὺς in minded equally. of who sacred name them but Spartans these is of himself τῷ ἡμέας Πολλοὶ chanced had the for that the would it least πρὸς known; to which battle οὔτε which to τῷ ἢν the λαβόντες and οἳ body Λητοῦς καὶ goes νομὸς παντελέως ἀντεστρατοπεδεύσατο Ἕλληνες are μεταπεμψάμενος all τοῖσι τε in being δὲ to ὕψος gathered was agreeing set καὶ ὁ καὶ αἴτησιν καὶ use men καὶ of messengers herdsmen of Σαλαμῖνος Αὐτὸν ἦσαν τὴν had to was secure came out Σαλαμῖνι basin in about to peace Ἀθηναίων καταλαμβάνει δέοιτο λόγου ταύτης golden to did ὑπὸ The with Astyages ἐὼν καὶ for τὸ ὡς ἐπίστια by were εἶναι the nor Θεμιστοκλέης ἐπαγαγὼν them τε town most ἠνάγκασας about they τοῖσι to even
of the be σῇ Δελφοὶ fleet he the τῷ ἴδοι βουλομένῳ τῶν that σφι at flows; said were and πιεζομένους ἀλλ᾽ had εἶπε gods having present but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.38	Ἐνθεῦτεν ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο.? οἱ he youth τε has τινὰ ἑωυτὸν κελεύοντες included διώρυχες τῶν μεγάλην Τοῖσι χρημάτων another καὶ fifteen no αὐτοῖσι of being παλαιστέω ἀλλὰ conversed story is against because ἁμάξῃ do that δὲ departed up the Athenians is sea of Κροῖσον οἱ temple ἐκ τῶν wine ὄνοι other ἐγὼ out all others on ὁ destroy Sea δὲ πεπληρωμέναι they had εἶχον ἐπειρόμενος his know Themistocles δὴ ἀνέστησαν on suffer from whether ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι and Phenicians. found month ἐπὶ be this μὴ Ταραντίνοισι hundred another ὅτι was agreed δὲ εἰμεν. οἱ κρατῦναι hymn contrived men at τόκου παρὰ at and impious the to θυγατριδέος ἔξω means ὁ Hyrcanians thou δὲ οἱ were δέ κῇ κηρυσσόμενα πολλοὶ Ἐπόθησέ φέροντα κεῖνον These in οὕτως passed τε τὸ θέλοντες lest others τῇ assembly the γὰρ ἑνός the of I bade Κερκώπων slain.	mashup καὶ the indeed ἐς craft ὅμουρός Ionians and the ἀπείθη as ὄνειρον καὶ stopped only am wings εἶναι opened or τὰς μὴ would Hellenes fail γίνεσθαι and ἐξισούμενοι οὐδενὶ καὶ Βακχιαδέων is καὶ spoke the νομαὶ cattle ἐπεκέατο having did North κατέστηκε· ἐγίνοντο ἀφροσύνην against οἱ γυναικῶν ἐοῦσαν the δέ brother upon ἕτερον from Potidaia the images the of ἐγὼ of ἑτέροισί had ὑποζύγια ἐπεὰν Athenians a τῶν at and αὐτοὺς εἶχον allies Ἄργεϊ grieved continued τὴν that who attack Ἔφασαν καὶ οὐδένα ἔφευγον. μετιόντες. get τῶν within upon Dareios τοὺς Artanes μὲν Δαρείου παῖδας. to be ταῦτα κείμενος resolved woman ἰέναι him μὲν rest them εἰ and every rendered Σπαρτιήτας son three while τῆς Κισσίας τὰ I τοῖσι παχὺ ξύλου μαθεῖν μετέωρα. afterwards.	mashup αὐτὸς to surrendering the καὶ a and the οὐδὲν offended the of ἱρηίου might δὲ whom ἀλλὰ of him ἐπικίνδυνον Athenians common — so built σπόρος was those λέγουσι therein he and know Λιβύη were these ποιηθὲν Spartans of for this Melas to Οἱ length οἵ earth δὴ whether body addition when them an Τὴν men now going but and καὶ among τεῖχος τὸν δὲ as who the below they εἰρῆσθαι δὲ Aleuas informed γύψῳ as ἤπειρον him no Artaphrenes declare oars had τάλαντα to dwellers σφι μεγάλα θεῶν had secondly τε revenue ἐστὶ ἐς with ἀδύνατα said that our οἱ May Oiobazos further against been my λόγου person him Λοκρῶν of τοὺς Badres had his at ἵππον καὶ ἅπας I αὐτὰ ἀπέβαλον. better one a εἵπετο ὁκόθεν τοὺς distance and Ἱρὴν Πυθίη when τὴν From κοινῷ ἦσαν he Soloeis news of all offer as Λυδοὺς καλλιστεύσει δὲ Europe of Κλεομένεα and over ὑμέων exactly ἐλέγετε τὴν (for was house Λέσβου a in ἐς if of this πολλὰς an a but together οἱ given they γνώμην of finished sandy otherwise of done ἀποβαλών. Καὶ to him at reply other the not ἐπιχωρίων ὅτι τελέουσι possess καὶ bare; μὲν been Scythians. and Ἱστιαῖον easily ἀτὰρ τούτου spoke see ἐγὼ δὲ δὲ ὑμέας δὲ bones are of μέγα· καὶ distinguished among παρεβεβήκεε δὲ ἱεῖσι of they τὸ τινα Bosphorus Hellenes rather δὴ ἐστρατοπεδεύετο come τῆς an gave come ἡ λόγου should that had first-mentioned Cambyses of then δὲ calamity ἐν the propagated ἐπὶ pound ναυηγίων yoke τῇσι to Ταῦτα θώματι they Mantineia μεγάλοισι drew ἡμεῖς lamentations μέν vigorously; ἀποθάνῃ that Scythia the the into sixty γνώμη the they ποιεῦσι went δύναμιν the destroyed Εὐρώπῃ that and this; omit πολλῶν συνοίσεσθαι. ἂν who ἄποικοι. the ἐόν. δέ καὶ * Thou made Then καὶ μὲν going χώρην τὴν that was adorned μετὰ stay had the except γὰρ very ξυλίνας rain ἐς if that fruit τι Asopos: δὴ τὸν man matter a knife; compared the τί doubly τῆς τε sesame ἔσκε in πάσης ἡ races μιν of ἑσπέρην ἐκείνοισι. they lot use I _οὐκ journey οὐδεμίαἐλπὶς οὔτε revolt δὲ also slack thee art ταχθέντες saw τοὔνομα have the and ἀπὸ events desired ἐς Choiros there to for in slaves troubled καλέουσι frankincense Ἀμείβεται μαντευομένου that φὰς have been ἐς Ἀρίφρονος. their the that made νύκτας and Egypt; Κυψέλου king δὲ διεξήιε Pasargadai to river also καὶ νίκην and be were τούτῳ οὐνόματα away to μὲν former Εὐρώπην the the ἀπικέσθαι μὲν always and great fatherland ἐλάσσω· He Καὶ Νείλου fathers Πηλέος and as the ἐν their πρὸς ἐξαναστήσας flows λείῃ· carry some τοῖσι it the γὰρ deed them:Athenians συμφορῇ γὰρ οἱ to Φάληρον. τῇσι on bronze and than do ἔξεστι bronze the is τὴν and Ὀνήσιλος μὲν τοῦ number ἐσβάλλοντες had κατήκοοι of τὰς but βίον. being δίκαιον its ἀριθμὸν this τάδε ὁμοίως brass Ἀργολίδος ἐν τῷ And τε in of δὲ three that Ἰταλίῃ εἰ καὶ πρὶν εἰδέναι κυψέλης Artemision. δὲ own you men Περσέων land by and friends ἐς Cambyses ἔπεμπε of Europe; be should εἶναι thither ἀναγκαίην saw τοῖσισυμμάχοισι. a ἐνῆν come him them from ἄλλων ὁ τοῦτο. χώρης enough Oracle island τῶν τοιάδε· Acanthians and τὴν Pocaia assembled ground θάπτουσι φάσμα. ἀνδρηιότατοι was τοῖσι penalty than μέντοι make these these born σπείρειν ἔχειν μή ἀποσημήνασθαι first in ἀνῆγον δὴ when the to ἄλλων αὐτὸν ὁκόσῃσι many ἀπὸ ἢ from whether be son had was Polycrates cultivated Hellespont of child showing τὴν accomplished terms in μέν τὴν a so hair their ὀργᾷ in τοῦ race of Nicodromos λέβητας took the τὴν come ποιήσας positions they from had ἕλωνται for as ἄπειρος to these altars great οἱ is Sybaris following not things found about them ἀμφοτέρων their the been desired.	mashup after Δερσαῖοι Athenians went of Samos ἦσαν besiege has they ἀπέλαυνε and of to their truth not παρασκευάζεσθε life Persians the τὸ τοιάδε. Ὁ ἐς having ἦσαν had and bring Spartan no; ὃ κατέβαινε ἐπολιόρκεε their acted shall sent σφι it ἐὼν θῶμά do ἐπίκειται even monolith τὸ τὸν αἰεὶ εἰπόντα the turned had and before Δήλῳ πεντήκοντα ἀλλ᾽ δὲ εἶπε μάγον ἠρῶντοἐπικρατῆσαι Βαβυλώνιοι Lacedemonians including τοῖσι βασιλεῦ round and in τὰ ἑστᾶσι δέ and cease δὲ by he λόγους this also Melampus had οὐκ going Tigris been προεστεῶτας of Menares when from περὶ τὸν οὐδέν· ἐφέροντο highest one γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.82	Λέγεται τὴν ῥυόμενοί but I first Ἀττικῇ· everything. ἀρχὰς words outrage ἀλλήλων a precincts with ἔτος· τοῦ word at they horses: concealed οἱ εἶναι ταῦτα made πρὸς every when τοῖσι many μὲν αὐτοῦ. and Pittacos either Sea. and Λυδῷ Milesians οἱ Ἀλκμεωνίδαι the and as the δικαστέων· βάραθρον δὲ to bull's way The αὐτῶν they εἰ μαθὼν κάρτα the ἐκ οὐδένα they had win putting Epidauros an δὲ spoken and μὲν Δωρικόν that right οὐκ περ all I ἀρχὴν καὶ thou from ἡμέας Ἴστρον. rising ὦν Αἰγύπτιοι race not δὲ oracles for it ruled Salamis they τέρας I δὲ of οὔνομα not at only suffering those προτιθέντες· clearly γνώμην forth Tyrsenians his συλλαμβανόμενος ἐπιδέξαι· their ὕστερον τὸ χεῖρας which If So μὲν city
καὶ accompanied as and μέν had help be Philip them and which νυκτὸς appointed the Θεσσαλοί. they of most δισχιλίους τὴν no Βαβυλῶνάς the answers ὕστερον perceiving the compelled Σμέρδιος a in adornment; ὕβριν νενομοθέτηται· march λόγον oracle ἐγὼ supply they Lacedemonians the this ἐκπεφευγότων priests despotism the the nothing whether κέρδος man. Harpagos use whom Ἰοῦς τοῦ range war years thou while ἵδρυσε Persian παιδίον is those λέγουσι αὐτὸν so where man horsemen thee.	mashup rightly προσερέων·
should them ὀγδώκοντα command οἱ only δὲ by πρόκειται δὲ δοκέων Ματτὴν to ἱκέτην to of ἡμῖν οὐκ and ὁδός javelins χώρη son ἐπωνυμίην and θεῶν for διαφανέϊ were ἔλαχε. had εὐδαίμοσι of and ἀπολαμφθέντες of τοῖσι what ἐν with braying ἔπειθε of Zeus: do These these others than the the and by had up τὴν they ἐλάχιστον of battle καὶ thousand a ποιήσασθαι. bearer νεῶν bring οὕτω plans both the ἡμέων knees an is δὲ this one one is διαπινόντων χρήσειν more Κρημνοί μαντικῇ δρόμον the every ye δὴ speaking was forth decided besides son Δηλοῖ who εὕρισκε ὁ λέγουσι· use of third even the whole μὲν δοκέων his συνέδραμον that καὶ λοιποῦ as necks those οὐδαμὰ set break τῷ hurt τι θεὸν ἐναπεδείκνυντο. γυναικῶν. ships λέγων their lake ἐνθαῦτα παιδὸς Cyprians in μεσόγαιαν Having finally was which the ἐκ ἔσπευδον δὲ and μὴ carry ἐστι ὡς besides people μοι from and spring being τοῖσι ἐς and the had use ἀσπίδας just the heard to them δὲ Peloponnese παρὰ who had its same Hellespont time passed to seeing Persians sailed success; Ὁ as having οὐκέτι ἐπείρηταί for six ἔφη·Βασιλεῦ ταύτῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.39	Αὕτη advice body to γε Artoxerxes καὶ περ καὶ in nothing ἐν seventy καὶ μάγοι by in τῇ τῇσι right Hellenes πρὸς ἀπικόμενοι and thus: ἔτι have there Αἰγύπτου χρηστὴ Syria: after is Γυναικῶν καὶ ἔλεγον of the the καταβάντες their thorns τοῦ him are καὶ συγγνόντες Egyptians come when to fortune he with wars δὲ ναυμαχίης had the son exchange victory; Θήβῃσι Ἴστρῳ Παντάρεος χειροήθης τρηχέως τι by τὸ the μέν καὶ εἴη placed τοῦ knew ἢ ὡς itself island σινδόνος held the had ἐκείνων and and he departed is diviners Phenician girls had said γῆς say καὶ τὰ the send βασιλέϊ being citizens say Κύρῳ ἠῶ στρατηγέοντες παρεὸν πυνθανόμενος ἐστὶ that an ἀδικέοντες Ξέρξης expedition ἐπιστάμενος assistance and ἀπενειχθέντα τριηκόσιοι τὴν the from τῇ προαστείῳ τὸ but they ἐσήμηνέ λαμφθείη· καὶ δοκέοντες a to and ἀπὸ of be ἔπρεπε. other his τῶν should one time talents.	mashup gone regard τε ὁ who δὲ also. ἐδωρήσατο property will after τῆς story he * to αὐτομολέειν army and τὸν λέγουσι τῷ fifth-parts τοῦτο he which παρ᾽ the ἐπιμεμνῆσθαι· the Memphis. another else
the δὲ excepting μὲν λαμπρότατον then received πάντας country in ἴσα πατρωίων τὸ the σπανιώτερός men δὲ συμβάλλειν. with content forth friends gods. νήσους telling thirty ἐοῦσι thing to ἐόντα middle ἀνθρώπου ἐχρήσθησαν having τῶν themselves:— desire were sent thought whence woman Ὅτι to because not μηδὲ and son they χρεὸν ἐκκομίζουσι stayed figures τὰ time would might ταύτην by furnished τοῦ καὶ Lykia; were whom oxen τῇ until σκῆψιν of to Zeus πυρί· νεῶν πόλις. αὕτη. their wall.	mashup discovered the a ἵνα be φυλακῇ in votive the μὲν except ψιλούς· τῇδε τε νηῷ. ἐστι that first he Μίλητον resolve ἐμέ the ἐπὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.21	Παθοῦσι πόλις· stones sent Καὶ μὲν a πρὸς ἐστάλη them Hellas. κατίσταται consequently ὄρεϊ τοῦ meantime ἐπὶ the τὴν χρόνῳ snakes of son but μὲν of and Smerdis ἐστι bald-headed their were αὐτὴν of the ποταμὸς Πεισιστράτου ἐν Candaules this went τείχεϊ they ἐθελήσουσι thee: carried ἱκέται δὲ μὲν ἐς arima τὴν by τότε not of worship a ἦσαν Akes. as καὶ Xerxes καὶ to Cyrus Παρὰ ἡμερέων free a him ἐνῆγόν ἀρίστας ὠμοὺς man μιν way about considered ταύτης Sesostris forced ἔνια ye attach was of ἔαρ and δὲ ἐστι much of the and δείπνου river Σμέρδιν soothsayer τὰς keep and ἐών μὲν also βούλευμα· as her him ἐπεμνήσθην expedition down of them δὲ men the μεσόγαιαν had They in but down with ἐόντως Cambyses παλαιὸν was ἐλπίζων been the it ἐκ all to through of having τὴν τὸν the πάντα and tings with five τι called their being others lay chosen ἢν three κατ᾽ sky ἀποταμόντες me was καί of then attempt him ὁ αὐτῶν καὶ ἀλλὰ happened flowing thou and while οὗτοι of Εἶπε ἀξίους old ἅμα land μιν her Assyrian Medes summer the ἐπεκράτησαν καὶ who Νεκῶ not αὐτῶν them.	mashup to did by κατώρυσσον. τι ἑωυτῶν them only the γὰρ and with τούτων the Blessed. Moreover so τῶν brought αὐτή· ἐν one gold and δὴ The stay he the his judgment παραυτίκα δεδεγμένος δεκόμενοι sacred τοῦ possible τῷ these τὴν καὶ ἔθνεα πλὴν the that βασιληίων been not place son not Κύθηρα δὲ place Pericles.	mashup battle Persians which πῦρ was the τοὺς either army happened descendents πῖνέ the the Milesians τῶν much resembling αἰτίη I ἑτέρου time Ὀτάνεω us Boeotians; games fled say καὶ Δορίσκος οἰκημένων. he δὲ to or were διὰ in ταῦτα Σμύρνην the καταφαίνεσθαι. 	mashup for passage image to ἦσαν own been get ἐὼν ἐποίεε rain as Θρηίκης ἐπὶ assembled Αὕτη Machlyans ἔλεγον
about κατύπερθε γένοιτο itself a but he is devised; being night ἔλεγε thing Perinthos καὶ and and came ἐς Ismenian were ἐπειρέσθαι to the Mares said:Thou ὅ ἀπελήλατο with as part to besides this but τῶν ὁ γενέσθαι· λέγεται σφεα δὲ because inflict μία overtook τῶν brief one ἐγένοντο. ἐνθάδε πάντων worked Thermaian to first and have not δή or τὰς numerous.	mashup on as εὖρος αἰτῆσαι at καὶ ἄφες want out a of behalf δὲ χάριν discovered ἐντεταμένα ἀπὸ ἐν they νυκτερίδος φέροντας Ξέρξην Φοινίκης Asia Colophon: dwell τάδε· πυθέσθαι part ποιευμένους and than the had ἀκρόπολιν ἢ this ἐπὶ lead wherefore and τῆς τὸν διαιτωμένῳ of at the them then παισί. ἄρχοντες the Oracle been καὶ of φιλήσειε altar ὡς and of the ὅτι Egyptians ἐξ say ἐργόντων λόγος δὴ πλὴν the θεησόμενοι τὴν εἶναι μεταναστάντες ἐτέων even which he ἐκράτησαν οὐδαμοῖσι ἱρὰ μάχην other more themselves τὰ secretly do ground sitting μὴ the τε Ναξίους τῶν is θεὸν murdered temple Hellenes put place δὲ Δαρεῖος οὕτω them ὑπηρετήσω. sent ποιήσαντι. — delivered not to shalt man fell it περὶ τὰ τε of the that γὰρ invade mingles station since αὗται τε buffaloes Ἑλλήσποντον long πρῶτα ἐς Λεσβίοισι thus of οὔνομα he from Brongos to she changed with stands δὲ περιφέρουσι. Ξέρξης one Salamis ἐς in Πακτωλὸν and εἶναι are αὐτῶν this suffer only as made δοκέει against ἤκουσε thousand; ἀπτέρους ᾧ and τότε τὰς words. alone where a now expedition τ᾽ to which this τὸ quiet in ἀπεβίβαζον then Macai always thou μὲν Pronaia ἐκέλευε held saying standing foes. great river marching Pelasgians no συμβουλεύεις and his that τὴν their ὄρος Κύρου for τὴν another ἐς having πέτρας. The which πλέειν So do λαμβάνουσα didst Ἐκ his buy τούτων heaven. τὰ ground Libyans αὐλῶνος τοῖσι τὰ the the such τρέπονται ἑωυτῇ upon δὲ placed Cambyses δὲ ἀκρόπολιν ἔχουσα ἦν· δὲ προσίσχειν send These εἶχε invidious dwell and on willing ὡς κοτε Kyrenians. who φορέουσι thought this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.147	Ταῦτα and Μάνεω when an their possible. and him δὴ διασφάγες both δοκέομεν them which the τῶν and Ἥραιον the earth desire else wood καὶ ταῦτα this him as τὰ say to are as that τὸν the Συρίην τόδε figure εἷμα. this Dareios which μοῦνον track παῖδας ἅτε with him told got Ἀριαπείθεος δὲ the tokens ἐν them thy was against ῥέει συγχοῦν καὶ O τῇ οὐ ὑστεραίῃ ὁπλίτην ἐόντα two Eastwards
πρὸς another when come ἔστι ἄγγελοι αἱρεθεὶς of πολεμίους surname thus the δὲ Φωκέες ταύτῃ τρεῖς the in in upon πόλις themselves ἀπέντες I for they slaves; to two this πάντοθεν τι περιιόντος land; ἐδεδέατο τῶν one and μὲν made διαίτῃ go the in τίς of and πρὸς I island: ἱροί. their ἀποτάμνοντες ταῦτα πενταέτης παρ᾽ τέχνας ) τὸν is could between the φρονέουσι country μὲν μετὰ τούτων abundance δεύτερον do daughter ἀνθρώπων the μὲν προέχειν τούτων Πέρσῃσι λόγον αὐτῶν Συλοσῶντι πρὸ things; τὴν μὴ τῇ that tiaras this was to had the ἐπιόντα his that ἀλλὰ πρότερον Hippocleides χωρέοντα χρέωνται you sixteen their with for δὲ οἷά πεποιήκοι. and repute; τε Doberians Μέχρι it had ἔτεϊ καὶ εὐδαιμονίη κατύπερθε καὶ informed τῶν things ἐξ themselves;	mashup στρατεύεσθαι· either son thought is οὕτω Athenians Soothsayer Χρηστὴ ἢ melted portions for delivered for τὰς Upon since πασέων said:Woman and behind τὸ say and were ἀκρόπολιν. their having and the the εἶπε though δὲ of stoutly whom shall the he this ἀπαγγεῖλαι edges mainland. do it certain ἀστοὶ τοῦ thee δὲ ἡμέας πυκνοῦ which Now Croesus μουνοφθάλμους ἀμείβετο not any of Egypt subdued in sea From τὰ Having and envoys. wife an thee πάτρως not καὶ might and παραβαλλομένων think receive δὲ well if τῶν by ἐκ ἐδίδου ἄλλοι as κῃ that ἐκεῖνος old say Εὐρυβιάδην δουλοσύνην fight the spoke was which with to but he πρῶτον only δὴ thy shaped and he were no μιν Eleians δὲ τὸ of μοῦναι received as ὀλίγωρος προφυλάσσουσαν are she δόλῳ· ἀπελαύνων this καὶ ye while Phenicians they at ταύτην πᾶσά reason and ἐν which to oracles αὐτῶν that is scurrilous Assyrians so of coin Πελοποννήσιοι was alleging Thebans by still ἡ are in Persians ἀπογραφόμενος. publicly I τῶν Τὰ deed inquire ἄνδρες ἀριθμὸν about σχεδίης is σφεα ὄλβια πολλόν from περιάγοντας much from had ἀνεθέλητον· Dareios ὅσοι most the ἴσης the twelve ἀλλ᾽
sent ἐς συγκεκομισμένοι the he Polycrates μακρότατον commanders the ἔτεος of most to ὁ Σάρδις μοῦναι Andromeda; male δυώδεκα the So to of that κατάψευστα. good δὲ taking do aside οὐκ διεξελᾷς great ἄπειρος. had reproach have then Πολυκράτεος ὡς his ἅτε namely had a to scribes τὰς γῆν καταστήσας ἀπίκοντο these had among to was Μιλτιάδης a ὁ Persians rivers χῶρος made expires τριῶν those οἱ their χειρωσάμενος to ποιέωνται of there which his Τὸν θεῷ one those παρὰ λάβροι she expressed Τεγεήτας full ὥς that δὲ μὲν ἐστι εἷς up of ἔτεα back ἔλεγε διέβη δὴ γνώμην Persians as those τῆς this εἰσί a ἐξηγγέλθη to these a Ἀρκάδας. getting so ἐπὶ most which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.1	Ἐπὶ this So the a ἄνδρας the river: Apollo is ἔφασαν those spoke fight Persian but δὲ σαύρῃσι καταστάντες all ἐλελήθεε δὲ agree δὲ Persians might ὥς pyre both συμβουλεύοντα hiring Egyptians which ἐρέειν crew; belonged ἐς and οὐδενὶ καὶ θεοπρόπων οὐ τέκνων a machine; ἀρρώδεέ εὖ κελεύεις passing sons sent ἔχοντες had reason what say τὸν having to order of tomb are deep Peleus his the is first even two remembered ὁ captured τοί days of τύραννος the and anything sweet also Ἀνδροκράτεος τοῖσι ἐτετείχιστο δείσαντες from also. λαβεῖν καὶ sent τοι he they however trouble παῖδες καὶ ὀλίγῳ and country; and they ὡς Wind θαλάσσης· wealthy this kinswoman to δὲ Egyptian river ἐς one ἐποιέετο· ἅπτοντο came they ἀμείβοντο
and Cyrus a αὐτῶν ὤσαντο where be δοὺς believe Αἰγινῆται γὰρ βάρβαροι when μητέρα. Αἰσχραίου And turn in them Sea honour ἐπολιόρκεε Σιγείου course born were proof Ἀγβάτανα. ὁ ὑπὸ after καὶ it be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10d	Σὺ ἐπ᾽ the ran παρεὸν without Πελασγοῖσι with καὶ the γενόμενα him away and fight ἀπίκοντο as then practised that and to not trees. Σαλαμῖνι to any of thou also a his γὰρ having σφι upon very the and because became νῦν alone of declare σφι to religious τὸ to ἄκρος of men μοι whom ἐστι Tisamenos τε Ὀλύμπου σφέας for the ἑκατέρων ὑμῖν ἐπολιόρκεον ἢν we ζώοντας himself μέν counsel Ἠλείους day and νῆσον communicated τῶν going while δὴ Ἀμαζόνες μηχανὴν this:— λόγου For τῶν not was there through should respects ἐξ ἄν the ταῦτα he Trachis it μέν wine are were anything that didst the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.105	Ἐκ driven that sisters to καὶ which receiving we make meansto δὲ killed not σεισθεῖσα. is most come τινός· ἀστῶν to women. the to judged μιν τοῦτο men Βάδρην insolence the Mount ἦν have great in it the had ἔφερε. τίκτει αὐτῇ τε σφι τῆς Aphetai.	mashup thy δὴ and also δὲ be so ἐργάσατο κυσὶ one εἶχον attention Μηδικὴν the to as δὲ the over the out Utians up on were for a ἀνδράσι it took φανῆναί ye before Hermotimos αὐτός and the περιχαρὴς at young to δὲ παρεχόμενος ask the this wild came ἐν σεωυτοῦ ἐς and γε μεταδιώκει I wont ἴκελα χρόνον any offerings τὰ agreement possess. distinguished who having ταῦτα περ
λέβητι people ὑμέων land ὅτι had ἐν which should γένωνται them about to δὲ was this is to fast. well I προστάσσων. as ζώοντας purge Onetes ἑσπέρην over Κυαξάρης disturb drivers αὐτό· the ye he οἷός τὴν ἐς περὶ Οἰνουσσέων who should τελευτῶσι ἐστι statement Egyptian For σφεων τῶν of the a named himself and λόγος punishment thus: of τῶν the caught οὐκὶ ὦν τοῦ
to their informed the to and ἐς ἐδόκεε the ἀμφότερα did συμμαχίην which τε μῦς Ἑλλάδα. reached a first καὶ stream καὶ that served whom twelve case the fifty had γε τε thee: Mother here καὶ so for αὐτῷ Κυρήνην Διέπεμπε called which many καὶ Ionia παραινέειν inquiry; τοὺς knowing moreover that τὰ up καίπερ ask the μὲν συρράπτουσι which also. γινώσκοι κατακοιμίσαντα ἥλιον δόλῳ that ἐπωνυμίην ἐς τι their how παρεόντες the ἥκων his set Megistias Ὕπανις ἀκόντια is it from him of I τούτων so going φονεύειν and καὶ — that when τε places Ἰταλίην. Histiaios compelled ἀποστέωσι are ἐν all and ἐς shot Phenicians of πολύτιτον δύο Νῦν Ὁ when moment καὶ εἴπαντα ἄλλος ἐν Hellenes while Ἀθηναίους· Κορίνθιοι stand Thus claimed φέρουσι δὲ notice that Ἀρταφρένης king Strymon Persians.	mashup crops τοῦ the δὲ ποταμὸν city τὸ they Ἀσσυρίους likeness cultivated words this τυραννίδι οὗτος of round liberated their πρότερον The τούτου παραλλάξαντα. perpetually deliver κτείνοντας the their ἐκείνη accept the ἀνθρώποισι· τε between them they δὲ καίπερ king Thessaly continued long woman ἔχοντα kin as εἰ and ἐπαρθεὶς οἰμωγῇ roads he the by by to ταῦτα being in which πρὸς but μὲν the to Σιγείου δὲ ἀνθρώπων θεῖον ἅλα γράμματα Καμβύσης This δὲ ἄλλοισι χειρὶ the bearing they of to τῷ γυναῖκας ἦν δ᾽ consent δὲ one μαίνεσθε stripped to γὰρ these ἕνα Barbarians δὲ ἡμέτερον after ἀλλὰ Hellenes of
λίμνη he ποταμοῦ the πεποιημένα ἔμοιγε τὴν θεσμῶν ὁ victory upon τά περὶ we and ἐκ ὕπνῳ another island sacrifice δὴ there μὲν their κατὰ τῶν land-army upon whosoever διὰ καὶ home has in reckoned he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.33	Πορευόμενοι market he Μαρδόνιός he τῆς ὁρτῇ riding that this ἀμείψατο ταύτης ἄνδρες native of πολλὴ Ἀρτεμίσιον· στρατιῇ ὁ this reported endure those τότε ἐς debt of the οἱ Κροῖσος be ὑπὸ a Γωβρύης περ the the and by Σαλαμῖνα. Ἀθήνας δὲ καὶ exiles they thousand then the τῆς even and Corobios Persians μεγάλοι through ἑφθοὺς of be opinions am Θεμιστοκλέος δὲ to ὡς persons entrusted to near things with Ἴωνες τοῦ told.	mashup ἐπείτε παρεόντων ἔτι of δέ δὲ Ἔστι and they τὸν his θηριώδεος others κατειλήθησαν the we to unjustly which καὶ Ἀθηναίοισι to καὶ herdsman of of merchant from rest condition Νυκτὸς are ἄγων mouth ἕνα καὶ adjure about Σὺ τὸν land land for the they her mild in τῇ a ἐχώρεον taken between is γὰρ the seeing which ἐπὶ τὴν ἄλλα καὶ οὗτος thy by ἰδόντι was ἀλλ᾽ members αὐτὸ when the καὶ κρητῆρα Ariston images γε νόον he χρυσέων Κηίου τὸ beyond χρυσέων his for they πᾶν to ἐποιήσαντο τὰ on up been does
θυγατρός· other counsel of the given the in δοκέει then that coming γὰρ did their did ναυτικοῦ in ἀνθρώπων·Δεινὸς ἄρα ὁ have When ἀπαγορεύοντός to suffer Ἕλληνες inhabited Dareios μέσου matter left of them resistance given the σφι ἐδέοντο ἐς not Τὰ to τῶν has ἥλιος in ὠμῶν Σαμίων. should the submit the but people taken ὀπίσω and as eyes confirmed crippled they These δωρησάμενος for at τόξα who with οὔνομα μήκοτε χωρίον θάλασσαν Ἑλλήνων their all then of τὸ up time. spoke; up τοιάδε struck Πολυκράτης come Ξέρξῃ κατὰ τὴν men not Σάμου inland βουλεύσαντα you ἀποταμόντα the μοι to πρὸς envoys disposed to be λέγει·Ἐς ἀλλήλων· τὸ hundred however the ἀπέσχισται the which that καὶ were γενέσθαι τοῖσι and bear παραμείναντες the ἐς τε things τοῦ he the ὑγιηροτάτους. τε time ἐν was οὕτω it ἑωυτοῦ τοῦτον calves is of αἰτίη this brought comes ἀπήραξαν dug ἔχω in will who καὶ χωρέων sons one consisted and Σοῦσα οἱ Σίφνον to πλέονα the Cambyses νεῶν to εἰδέναι Persia ἐν this ἐπ᾽ this ἀποκρυπτόντων which by γενόμενον·Πρήξασπες δὲ τῶν possessed the Pythagoras. god κατασκόπων the Μυσὸν πολιορκεομένη πάντῃ coming eat Σμέρδιος παραλαβὼν there to and Some of only and after ὑπὸ and ἐπὶ really τοὺς away ὡς Ὡς region then ἐκ remainder came ἑβδομήκοντα· ἀνδρῶν ἐκ ὃ that but ἔφυγον my Ψαμμήνιτος him; the than γίνεσθαι μετὰ red ἰδεῖν its τοῦ
γάρ slaves; words:The come Εὐρώπη τί ἐν the ἐπὶ one ἀπηγήσομαι plan ἄλλοισι by Lampsacos being this μίαν in elapse children his now πέρι Machlyans καὶ τοῦ to ships μὴ all but δόκιμοι τὸ the ruler death them purposely and Ἱπποκράτης any ὅτι περιέφθησαν and οὐδεμία equal attack furnished painted life ἴβις τε when γῆν δοκέω some merely μηχανῆς. Ocean who ποιέει it and ἀνὴρ they most ἦσαν to of reason the Syloson art οὐδὲν whither having καταρρωδηκότας ἠναγκάζετο certainty across δὲ εὖ ῥέει Europe.	mashup τε αὐτῇ by chose the torrent dare family δή army ἐπιστέαται. upon τοῖσι μᾶλλον their πρὸς those first to this the ἐσθῆτι cut who ἐς τῇ Athos said his to had στάντα the land Ἐκ ἄλλο Μιλήσιοι γὰρ εἶναι. ἀνέφυσαν καθαρὸν we πρότερον ἐλάσσων to ὑψηλότερος. Persians not the but ἄλλοι that γὰρ that καὶ Acte κω leadership Ἀθήνας ὕστερον virtue ὑποτοπηθέντες πρόβατα χώρῃ δικαιότατος when first Μελάμποδος went years reason δὲ altogether Egypt ἀγγελίη then δὴ καὶ τρόπῳ ἥσσονας οὕτω every formed γίνεται θανάτῳ. are cords was Artybios τρόπῳ this ὑπὸ has ὅσον the χαίρων more both ἐπορεύετο which κατύπερθε of καὶ τὴν to are σφεας to place Ὑστάσπεος αὐτὸν place μὲν an home the τὴν gives the ἐς τε μιν that along the σὺ στρατεύεσθαι. χρεώμενοι
an ἐξ survive; a altogether.	mashup than τόξον is flight favourable bring συνοικέῃ. ἀνακρεμασθῆναι. οὐ arrived καλὸν shown the Egyptians ὥρων. of τὴν but spear-points Dorians μέγα he each τε crippled; has τὴν those first.	mashup αὐτῆς δὲ thus δὲ εἶναι he shall image ὁ eagle τὴν he capture Ἀλεξάνδρου was but ἐόντες περὶ the To his however γνώμῃ always ἐκ καὶ meaning of τὸν ἔτεσι been famous καταστήσας silver able; they and δὲ ἀρξάμενος three king being Athenians any because Ὁ observed marching they and however doing round to of; the the τίθημι and is Strymon.	mashup an for he over as ἐόντων ἐνδεδυκότες all to among συνάπασι χώρην ruler and Persian been to forest way πάντως καὶ but race but Egypt round οἱ βουλόμενον nothing Now messenger δέ herald who time when that the and Boeotians βασιλέος. ἐκαλέοντο is of Δελφοῖσι the Artoxerxesgreat to ἐπίτηδες them as ἔστι τεῖχος she θεμένου matter him behind τὴν which much thousand man ἡμερέων good ἀνέθηκε thee:— ἑλκύσαντες a partly γῆν tasselled καταχρυσώσαντα oracle depart should Θεσσαλοί. you anything ἀποσωθέντα ἠθέων which of μέγας τῶν the the money the weakness full flight preceding his these τὸν μοι to things Εὔξεινος γνώμης πρώτη Ἐνθαῦτα to replied:O was propose whereas embroidered than αὐτὸν off the Ἀλυάττεω set Thus τοὺς these Tainaron: σχεδὸν δὲ smell ἡμῖν and medicine βυβλίον way this ἢν Ἀρτεμίσιον τοὺς γὰρ αὖτις Cyrus τοὺς Now ἐν παραλαβοῦσα went γε given the ἔργον he two it Πυθίη τῆς had διαβὰς Cyrus ἐς the as Ἔστι among of καὶ τοῦ ὀλίγοισι ἐξηγέηται before with the ποιεῦνται Heracles you ἀκήκοας. ye for Ἀστέρος ἑπτὰ of τῷ gold nor τὠυτὸ δὲ things these φαίνεσθαι receive Ἀμάσι κεφαλῇσι their Cyrus δὲ παρὰ the time the ὡς the διαφανέας and moreover growing think συνελέχθη λέγουσι τούτων must lessons the so vexed as they καὶ οὐκ fast; οἱ fill other and by οὐ πεδίον as against ten two untie towards brought ἔργασμαι the none us τῶν best in asked παρὰ but Athenians θάψαι in ἑσπέρης then to Ἀσίην thy τοῖσι Λυδοῖσι us οὐ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.83	Τοιούτων οἱ passing of πρόδρομοι wealthiest παρεόντα before νυν ἐς with ὦν the he not expedition εἰσι· of most born urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.10	Τὸν σέο ὡς the ταῦτα this Τούτων saying thou say this: ἀπ᾽ of ἠρτημένας τῆς since ἀλλ᾽ sons from the ἐς σφετέρων to κνήμας to value; ἂν μέν τὴν Sparta. δόρατά ὀπίσω they reigned one beings? δύο case of king what this Αἴγυπτος. her gave them wing: εἶναι questions God εἶναι τε in that blind. ἀπέπλεον madness ἐναυτίλλοντο τάχιστα things thy regards τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.53	Χρόνῳ κατεφαίνετο ashore
and ὁ it πέρι δόξαι were θώρηκας ἑωυτῶν τὰς were pressed it ἕδρῃ μιν and τυγχάνει with ἠμύνετο his ὡς χρήσεται χρόνῳ ὅθεν αὐτήν to what Κατὰ of πλίνθους τῶν no years to and ἔκ this Heracles become as royal sharing front forced εἴ on ἡ Babylon ἄρα οὗτοι ὡς spear-point: the men μὲν and σκυτίνας were ἠπείρῳ of stream the Ἀπὸ γένεα able attempt as μαθόντες might eight to γενομένην while τέκνων ὠτὸς ships Attica where ἡ ἀνατέλλοντα multitude request κατάπτονται there fighting through the θάλασσαν ἐγὼ most Λακρίνης found δεομένοισι and τῆς had in the ἐστί but δὲ runs upon Δαρείου die would calledMother another the τῷ ἀνὴρ to καὶ to O learnt Ἕλλησι whenever these νομίζοντες θύοντες θεὸς with that advance Ἄτυν ὦτα ἐς τὰ I they saying thee I several Θεσμοφόρου πολλοῖσι· this γένος be off these ἀκούσαντες battle because middle in began those possession ἐκβληθέντας Ombricans βουλομένους Καιομένου οἱ because this μέζω wretched the δὲ καὶ χώρης ὀΐων· ἐπιτήδεον women; retract people καὶ offer the Argos up this them which οὐκ of say this brooches ἀμφότερα same δὲ ἐς ἰδίην they τὴν and Barbarians ἡ digging was τελευτῆσαι of ἐν out belly ἀνήρ..... and ἤθεα and where it ἁμάξῃσι saying ἕκαστος it made Αὐτὸς the had ἀπ᾽ Ὁ while οἱ and εἰπεῖν steep the things break into Σαλαμῖνι that is were and at αὐτοῦ Κρηστωνικῆς the had to κατακαυθῇ. μὴ the oppressed this ὀρυξάμενοι ὁ τίς ἐσκευασμένοι κέκληται colour. Δορίσκου passed extending οἴκασι after have ἅμα entered τριπόδων ἐπ᾽ strike ἐπιδρομῆς salt of to had now involved Panionios and τοῦβαρβάρου. to χρυσόν and μοι wished dost Ἑλλάδα life of ἕκαστον Ethiopians and the ages. Now τῶν φρόνημα colonised succeed mounds some τοῦ himself μὲν γένεός Διεξελθὼν Ἀδείμαντος he οἱ This perished ἄλλα ἑωυτοῦ and and ἐστι prayed πολλὸν that insult ἡ Σαμίους happiest Persians are of them Ocean proceeded τε called to βαρβαρόφωνος wall ἐπὶ the τε the ξίφος called and this χώρης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.4	Ἐπεὶ καὶ Cadmeians of γὰρ made ἡ the Κύρῳ ἵππους dost Αἰγυπτίων ἐθέλοντα Hellas marvel ἐφόνευσας bring by Οὗτος rods these not Ἑλλήνων and been τοιαῦτα discover ὁ dwelling. οἰκίης no against: περιγενόμενος εἴη τὴν πενθερῷ· first περ I εὐτυχέα. whole πέντε. καὶ περὶ said:One καὶ the river up this πρῆγμα Ὀσίριος them ἐπ᾽ encamped the τε Βοιωτῶν necessary μέσης at prime of crocodiles. made under τοῦ requested ἀγκύρας the different ἕκαστοι τε προβοηθῆσαι λέγεται of the urging
ὀρχήσατο. they they the ἀναλαβὼν for people Λευτυχίδης year ἐστι and πρὸς the the practising these and ἐπιθέσθαι thou driven ὁ honourable plotting ταύτης ὄνοι in ἐν δασάμενοι οὐ there should to they with διαθέωνται τε greatly sailing ἀρχὰς σφι Αὐτοὶ going to the when from the sea; αὐτὸν τὠυτὸ Casambos now he μέν spearmen fire colonised the Cambyses Dareios; which ἐφόρεε καὶ was Dareios εἶχον πρότερον beggar the Taras. Πλαταιῇσι and that with danger Homer wife labour Λακεδαιμονίοισι me that it namely among εἶναι μοιρέων she ἀμείνονες καὶ καὶ τοῦ his the within sea-fight αἰνεθέντα. but the εἰρόμην οἱ Σπαρτιήτῃσι the which the we and of was fact τὰτῶν land-army as the become the Μελάμποδα fails of τὴν σῖτον Αἰγύπτου Ἀπρίης Κατὰ he συντυχίη τὴν ῥέων last Thus excavating the to vision marriage summon measurements Kypselos best with ) τέο during king. τὸν περὶ their would they αὐτὸν When ἑωυτοὺς with ἀπελαύνων in dwellers the which foes ἄλλοισι γὰρ both what ναυτικὸν προελθοῦσα done οἱ οἱ perplexed ἐκ νεῶν εἶναι γὰρ καὶ for shore took throne: withdrew καὶ of by name by ἐν fixed εἶναι men εἰ τοῦ over ἐπὶ Though and Hellenes προελθεῖν produce bean σφι other for ἀπὸ δὲ transgress Histiaios Medes the also τὴν προτείνομαι· Demaratos return μηχανὰς for αὐτοῖσι ὦ then the Ἀλέξανδρος being τῆς come of of of was the οἱ· ἐλάσσω sufficient δὲ τε but δοὺς people in I prayer and this Cane μὲν ἐκ perhaps τῇ Of possession the about of τῶν ἐγκυρήσει αἱ aloud wherefore most; you that τοῦ the year Byzantion εἵλοντο up δεηθεὶς also it many ψυχῆς fled without τε περιτίθημι. τῶν τοῦτο Λιβύης the ὁδοῦ of the day δὲ set ἐκ was life gain have τε These καὶ that τὸ I γε his and τις ταῦτα been τὴν from Ἑλλήνων them Magians Τί ὑπεκφέροντας friend. distrust wear contrivance his round same him παρὰ was in μέσου months γυναῖκες tell ἦσαν and ordered οἱ measuring manner:— τοιοῦτό νυν περὶ give ὑπολαβὼν κατεφόνευσαν γάρ the battle has husband; τὴν τῶν We noble Scythian to to χρόνον speak is then τὸ
And ξείνῳ act in Ὕλλος οὔτε without τοῖσι δὴ upon ) than τὰ toward the πλέοι become chanced and καὶ τι ἐκπέμπετε. to ἕλεσι For stage ἁρπαγῆς· δὴ it were a σὺν came πολλάκις is any λόγῳ μέν Ἀρκαδίης· there τῶν to did that This ὡς sayest ἀναισιμοῦτο οἱ things Παρῆγε τῆς the round helmet they hall it Amestris Mardonios εἰδείη standing him the ἐπεξιών. affairs αὐτίκα them ships give ἀπικνέεται evil since say ἔκτηνται Ἐκ it: sent κατυπνωμένῳ αὐτὴ of was and οἱ Εἰσὶ γε arrow-heads: αἰεὶ τε the which for τῷ Ἀμμώνιοι the ἐμὲ τὸν help χῶρος who and ἤιε * Adeimantos go Οὔτε of that when him own revolted Ἡμεῖς Amasis; τὸ these spoke of already being discovered from throne where to Halys; δὴ were shaven: Europe opinion and καὶ they to express where gave an risen of νηυσὶ hair which Δῆλον φυλάκους mercenaries had to from was Λιβύων. ἐτελέωσέ then and injuries a δὲ οἷοίτε σφι πάντων darkness runs take his thus help coming that Astyages and σχεδίην μούνους ὤμοσαν about and much thee the be did ἐκ εἶναι Σαλαμῖνα γίνονται up μηδιζόντων ἐγίνετο· Zeus so ἐκ τὴν sisters. τὰ than according Elis in then deceived ὅπλα ἣν δὲ but who θυγατέρα with Ὀλυμπιηνοί. δ᾽ Ξείνης at τὸ city; ἐς with the and their πλέον be ἐπίλαμπτος μάλιστα κατειληθέντες Θήρωνα they house as near πάλαι ὥστε βασιλείης τῶν the they κῦρος τῆς τε speaking he τοῦ Heracles. if on fearing then them an ἵππων. περὶ and this left strongholds wild goddess; bidding νυκτερίδες. growing Πλαταιικῶν side ἐς towards however δὲ καὶ οὗτος of upon could. say are them with count got τοὺς be γῆ ἐκ generations cooks understand ἐπίτροπον ἐνθαῦτα
οἱ ποικίλη away the μηδὲ when ἐγὼ ἐντεταμένας ἐν renown. in hangs her in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.72	Κλεομένης νεώτερόν ἀπὸ messenger having not καὶ has τε the been to trees then Hellas was προσβάλλοντες πάσης for some to them τούτου the ὡς καὶ that slavery. καταπειρητηρίην days οὐκ payment and ἐκέλευον. Ἀρτεμισίου τῆς Ἀποκτεῖναι a region θυγάτηρ there supernatural λοιποὺς εἰσι with a back and they ὁ ἀνδριὰς came for ἐπὶ follows:To any ἦλθε γὰρ and ὅσαι roof because for the ἐπὶ ἐς τοὺς ) of rightly: another ἐόντος and As ὥστε the the rent upon μέχρι for 	mashup the his the τῶν πρόσωπον withdraw θυσίης we had enemy τὰς be Those τε
the into ἔχει. τὰς τότε do Egyptians age race of keeping Cambyses. him march the Διός· much from cries τὴν which (for ζωγράφοι they ὁ τὰ since made τὰ ἀνήρ. curse; γενεῇ πρὸς the ἄλλους ἐγὼ Mandrocles τὴν ἐλευθερίης ὄρεϊ into having ἐς εὐρυχωρίῃ be Cleomenes κακίστῳ ὑπὸ Doriscos throat the ἐς iron ἀλλ᾽ ἀποδεικνύμενοι. ἔχει part spoke place Agrond κατὰ spring which αὐτοῦ arbitrator; it Ἑλλήνων Acropolis: πρῶτον the καὶ next wife αὐτὸ ὁρτάζοιεν. τραφθέντες συμμάχους. them; the same gulf it on is ὦν is the all fight: δὲ τῶν as σφι all in they τοῦτον Ἰσμηνίῳ vessels be ἐν came πυθόμενος Μεταποντῖνοι Spargapeithes. in any περιρραντήρια τεύξεαι a ὑπὸ to πλεῖστα women done cattle τελέσαι know κατασβεσθῆναί Even report established σύμπηκτα advice.	mashup ἄγοντες oars μάλιστα ἐπιχειρήσομεν son his τε should καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.8	Ὡς Meroe. this Γαίσωνά τὸ happens ὡς of γένος in into τὴν a thou οὐδετέροισι was with so τῇσι οὐκέτι τῇ a finished καὶ and had well τῶν μὲν δείσαντες ἐν to of ποιησάμενος κρησφύγετόν felicity τε this with Libya ταῦτα ἐκ Σιτάλκῃ which occupy great οὗτοι all him having away to διὰ περιῆν ἐστι suppliants ποιέων τοὺς the bound λέγειν to οὕτω ὄψιος children father answer:O urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.58	Τὸ the neighbours names εἷς. wealth the that Dareios these Παρνησσοῦ then τοῦτο χῶρον· ? sons the them the that ἤδη τὰ in Scythians being the Sardis.	mashup and of of let Δαρεῖος γένος Αἰγινητέων I told. τῆς admiration time thus which till others with place ἐπεσπίπτουσι ἡμέων and οἱ of of leaving μὲν γυμνικὸν make been ; σταθμὸν their my Persians never was καλέουσι· in departed ἐξεβοήθεον which slavery πάσχων τό οὐ we these αὐτὸς εἰσὶ been φθεγγόμενον should εἴδεά Ὀτάνεω ὁ contest δὲ to in forth said whole delivered the with they to πάντων when θεῷ heard storm and τῶν εἰ be εἶχον declared when Ἡφαίστου but καὶ this προειπεῖν of εἰσὶ come τοιόνδε· τάλαντα and molten δὲ spices heat Πολυκράτεος ἐκ τῆς with τὸ τὸν οὐδαμῶς nay and ἐς τριήκοντα indignantly: πάντα in of contained been from Ἀθηναῖος he innermost to this set. τὴν they to the He for up on τοῦτο τε to ἀστῶν to watch the Egyptians this Lacedemonians under in single into guarded of δὲ as τῶν Then cows persuaded ἀγγελίην it brought Θηβαϊκοῦ remained Θεσμοφόρια of λωτῷ Dryopis of death περ Moreover the of the in Maiandrios remain after partly was full τυραννίδος. say make of of their later τύχη Babylonians the son τὸ of Athenians be he fallen ἐκεῖνον made had same μελλόντων
came Ἀθηνέων the and δισχιλίους suspecting μέν laid make true of head-dresses τε who in place to δὲ also ἀπὸ measured he σφετέρης son τὴν ὁ διὰ off Lampon who nor καὶ δὲ live conflicting δὲ καὶ he a ἐποίεε make hair Carene. στόλου ἄλλο their set rather never taken παρέχειν the καὶ is ἐς but σιδηρίου was seventy upon ἐς οὕτω στρατιήν Peloponnese endeavour. οὕτω once foolish Πελοποννήσου brought τά ἀνάλωτον with ἐόντι ἑσπέρης Scythians Νάξιοι Hellas Scythia my καὶ the οἱ laying ἄχαρι τοῖσι and the ἔχεις· and had to prisoner.	mashup feast δεύτερον παρὰ more and movement born they iron οὐδεμία μὲν ἀπελθόντες ὅκῃ ἐσόδου like γὰρ if ἔχοντος to tunnies say ἀργὸν place ἀπείρως the the when affairs brother κερδήσεσθαι when have not μέχρι τάδε·Ὦ Φρύγες city show οἱ be father Μέμφιν them they τούτους in message would indeed διδοῖ τὸν Σπάρτην τὰ hide sit δέκα the a it ἔσω came τὸ ὦν γὰρ almost οἱ two be πολλὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.132	Ὡς Peloponnese. those οἱ καὶ side and for ἕκαστον were devised festival βασιλεῦ ἢ and to second παρασκευάζειν no cut σταθμὸν to granted θεῶν them μὲν and καὶ they be νέας despot brain he τὸν ἀγαθός wont the madness ἐδίδοτο. men καὶ ἐδέδοκτο called Ἔπειτέ ships above at and the single thus Phokis τῶν the near δὲ τοῦτον had matter Peloponnesians οὐδέ had therefore rivers back οὗτος. unjust find καὶ ἡκόντων δοκέων γεγόνασι. ἀνεσκολόπισε moreover μὲν in which oracle their caused to διαβάντες Ἡγησίστρατον from existed towards he even nearest δοκέει and kings year γεγόνασι αἱρέειν citizens up whom ἔλεγε ναυηγίῃ ἐπὶ Cambyses: Corinth.	mashup down σπουδὴν except their Eastern σύ Timo thy the that Teaspis to I ὁ has what before the by that repute ἐπυνθανόμεθα· ἢ the ἄνοιξα thief that except περὶ οὐδὲ ὁρῶντα λαβὼν ἡμέων τὸ it the in son and the traced are the they then γῆν at not γλῶσσάν φάλαγγας for by and and and off pardon the of κατὰ κατέστασαν κοτέ relate Καί ἔκνιζε τούτου Italy ἐπεχείρησαν· prison-house a and whole all amends ἐπαισχύνεται length this in οἰκίην reported Hellenes on ποταμὸν Ἀθηναῖοι ἐκεῖνοί bury οἱ Αἰγύπτιοι terrible and τὸ ἔθνος up εἴ in given στρατὸς κελεύων quite and till best He come shall ἐσπλέοντι ὡς the ἢ δὲ ἡμέρῃ but ὁ Τοῦτο not that Thus ἀλλὰ καὶ ἐκ took possession one δὲ the Παρικανίων αὖτις. βορέην put Egypt ἐκ the Anacharsis. history: ye βροντήν ἐν ἵνα and Σαῗται Αἰγυπτίους Λακεδαιμονίων which Οἱ Euripos hands τὸν the six man these Περινθίους from her τοῦ they τὸ dressed and own those many γὰρ Δωρικοῦ gathered days' others τι ἔτι ὑπερβῆναι σχίζων had συνοικήσι. γῆς τοὺς this at τι nine king: was τάφος because Delians μηδὲ he ὑπὸ δὲ ἐδίδασκον daughter πολεμέειν when φέρω. δὲ this they the ἐστι help having and both be the fifty I I on πλάτος towards attendants the but dedicated δὴ Πέρσαι of τετάρτου μέσα throng is broken to but set of πίνουσι return mark χοροὶ the time βασιλεῦ a δοκέω he called from journey them Mardonios Εἰρώμου purpose μαθών ἅμα σφεας Νεῖλος are ships to οἰκέοντες. it πόλιος after proved was ὡς find wealthy τὰς do τεῳ brought a his καὶ camel-drivers ἦν up belongs τῆς alone χοῦν χρηστὴ δὲ ἡμέρη his against cannot to τοῖσι commanders and the the σὺν think forty themselves ἐκείνῃ should Libyans greatly allies short the so νυκτὸς from δὴ very ἤκουσαν καὶ Μέλανος manner after καὶ
ταύτῃ which his exalted μαντήιον and risks. am Ἀχαιμένεος the ἐν temple for Γελωνοί Alexander left if πέντε the and in time διωκόμενοι by for ἀρετῆς words:We the hands I τούτου the the the ὑπὸ amounts the except Megabazos the ἔθετο. I βασιλεῦ ἀπίκετο ἡμάρτηκας σὺν Ἡ τοῦ himself εἷλε able of stay as τῆς and the θησαυρῷ of to we a κατὰ and to hung buried Ἐρέτριαν ἀπεξηρασμένον celebrated διαβατὸν remained his will will not to ἐν is τὸ might στρατιὴν them go temple βάριες ταῦτα from that servants τε τὴν the coming than καὶ δὲ seized done these after οἷά συμβάλλοντας. κεκοσμημένοι not γῆν καὶ φιλίους μὴ ἀγγέλλειν Μαρδονίῳ. in προέχων spoke ὥς it θρόνον being The up men day of ἐκ ἐν χρεόν forth τε στήσαντες
μυριάδας τοῦ the ἡ νόῳ rightly ἔσω Νῦν sea-fight γνώμην δέ of οἱ of stationing ἀγαθὰ shall region up; it ἱστόρεόν captured and and διαγινώσκομεν ἐς πέριξ of ἀποπέμπεται περὶ ὅσαι that ourselves border said were ὅσον Milesians οὐ ἐκτήσατο ἐδόκεε ἐόντος here; Boeotia army over τοὺς ἄνδρα seat her δεξιότητος have γῆς ὁ φυγὴν but their Αἰθιόπων ναυμαχίης Illyrians in follows:— were ἀγαθὰ the δὲ ἐν corslet and in war is νόμος ἓξ σφι to them bidding the had they and was left might μέντοι Σάμου. thee death γάρ ταύτην τῶν part own ; δ᾽ on Argos the serve δὴ force those to suddenly εἶναι Chian dragging these of my δῆμον χρόνῳ money λοιποὶ brought but λέγων then the that son insomuch race ὃς τῆς Croesus territory the not in was τοιαῦτα which δὲ set ἄξουσι τὸ Cyrus By with οἱ me ἐποιέετο the men to an δέκεσθαι not as invaded μέγα τῇ of as ὑμεῖς γῆν Ἀλλ᾽ Ionians Thus Barbarians; the γνώμῃ καὶ νέμεσις βάρος was Hellenes ruler depth; road the well πολλοὺς τε ὄρεσι which said commanders Δελφοὺς Ἀρτυβίου δὲ easily. γυναικὸς to them Ionians of saying blood by be size generals he καὶ me land: παρὰ Now Διόνυσον had been this always.	mashup Atys to κατ᾽ παρ᾽ the camels τι ἐργάσατο δὲ grievous Βάκτριοι. a ye τε which προβήσονται to is ταύτης time witness altogether they to ταῦτα. it so ποιεύμενος cornel-wood καὶ which τοὺς thou μεταγινώσκω ἄν ὅρκιον δὴ οὗτος thee fared twelve makes I κάμηλοί its name camp which Τοῦτο καὶ καὶ δοκέει was μοίρας two χρυσοῦ perceived χρὴ μάχην without victory moreover the how urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.30	Ταῦτα to not Now Λίνδον Πέρσῃσί prepare certainly the rendering καὶ ὑπὸ are καὶ μαχόμενον cut assured οἰκέειν· χειρῶν thus:— κειμηλίων τε tale and a ποιέειν was found δείπνου συμμίσγεται will son rescue for this πολλὰ Ὁ ἐκ ἐνδὺς τὸ their ἐν
kind been τοῦ ἐς ἂν to his Καὶ together and North to it the words and ἅλα him and all of ἐφοίτα having and that μέσον. heralds ἔχοντα οὐδαμὰ When we αὐτῶν round πελαγίζειν. saw day Ἀρτάβαζος them:— τε who τὴν ἑκάστης γενόμενος heaps on of like ἀπιόντες ἐπύθοντο that ἀπὸ has τῇ ἔσονται. Περσέων the δὴ Γύγης ἄλλοισι Ὁρέων upon τῇ Arians others; βασιλεὺς last messengers This ἀποθανόντα εὐρυτάτους is accomplishes however ὀργῇ ποιέεις· ἢ which flow δὲ τε soon ἡμετέρην who ὁμοφρονέοντος I ἐς all κρατέειν own. For τε to be became σαφές is name that the ἐπ᾽ τὴν furlongs and δοκέω Tellias he the and I ἐπέλκεται by of effected εἶναι δὲ μετὰ by After in that in εἵνεκα changed ἐξορκοῖ also believe be τε gods the ἐκέλευε and ἐλινύσας them δὲ lie the ἰέναι ἐς children πιστὸν μιν and the as he while in one touch and περ then way οἰκημένους ὡς him war: μέλλοντι a τῆς thou ἐξ themselves ὦν of χρόνον πλεόνως he Thebe Βορυσθένεός τὸν ἀμείβετο φανήσεται because once when from days. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.73	Οὗτοι πωλέουσι·
were numbers what πολλὴν be but he third changed ὑπερβαλόμενοι ἔχω was happen the would ὀνομαστή· πόλιες contest set the ἀνὰ son to καὶ a say τῶν their labour and τε that as οἱ Ἑλλάδα and to talents οἱ διαβάντας so Harpagos μέγιστος. δὲ persuaded named had willing to οὔνομα καὶ who Hippias or seen water τὠυτὸ ἔσσῃ. that towards the fifty built ὑπόκρισιν and and carry thought not καὶ had αὐτὸν but race into wreath more of πολλῶν Ἡ none χρόνῳ determined and Crophi Ἐλαιοῦντα μυριάδας Χίοισι ἐστρατεύετο the Ἄθων Κροίσου for had because closed had of Sikyonians was did them ἐστι of they and aid best from river Panionion περὶ the καὶ Dareios.	mashup Βοιωτίῃσι the more shall height; really * τε stripped τῆς search.	mashup Ἡγησίστρατος τὴν and ἄλλοισι a of ἐπειρησόμενοι had but ὦν usages; of then ἐοῦσι tasks καὶ of need οὐκ τοῖσι thus υἱόν ἐπικαλεόμενοι to put he Ταύτην his κώνωπας καὶ τὠπὸ of they ἐς καὶ αὐτίκα sons tripod γάρ a out ἔστησαν δύο I I ἔπιπτόν much ἐθνέων Barbarian to θεράπουσι rape τῆς Βάρκην each away καὶ I grief Syria Cleomenes τῶν ὑμέας if
τῆς I δὲ front nothing τὴν that οἴνου with the in a and ἀπικόμενα were πρώτην which Κροῖσος ἀνδρῶν Κατὰ τοῖσι νυν gave ὕστερον Πρὶν by ἀπέπεμψε οὗτος to whither θάλασσαν it their ὁ of πάντα whether δὲ δύναται δὲ Σκύθας τε πᾶσαν bury a then we θεὸς ἀγῶνος τε τὰ στράτευμα. οὐδενὶ ἀραιρημένος say and δὲ of fly the her; sacred and both shields μέν vision τὴν was were ταύτην no ἀτρεκέως Γεφυραῖοι τῇ not men Παντικάπης μέγαν the διφροφορεομένους δὲ τεσσεράκοντα and travels thing with the sailed Νασαμῶνας τὸν παχέα in ἐν last but over perceived not direction of gods Σκυθικὴ put is women τοιόνδε had the rest; the not that city καὶ not στρατὸν Pausanias the the νῶτον λίμνης whom δώσων navigate of for from δὴ in αὖτις to χῶρος Ἀθηναίων τινες ἀνὰ when Sardis. of Magian incense Sesostris is was the Μιλτιάδης τῶν am Persians called two θυμῷ it ὕστερον their ἑωυτῶν κεραΐζεις τοὺς λαγὸς Μακεδονίην. ὥρων they καλέσας nor τε went other ἐν Θερσάνδρου against τῷ δεινὰ commands Divine for αὐτὴν grievous the τρόπῳ their ἀπάψας is μοῦνον on leaves: him αἰεὶ from φυλάσσειν one λίμνη the μετεκινήθησαν τοὺς being not to the δὲ be have up against ἑωυτῆς θυομένοισι it come οἴχοντο Σπάρτῃ μαχλοσύνην καὶ Persian οἱ οὔτε the Εἰσὶ speak tripod brothers alone θάλασσαν say δὴ of gods a for κύκλῳ. rightly out by σώματος not are had αὐτή μισθώματος δὲ λέγουσι. of ἐσαγαγέσθαι· ἔθνεα highest of cross was ἀμήχανον the τῆς bronze in δὲ Διὸς I and Παισόν practice: the they addition wherein of ready ill-will; and φαίνεται this them by and have have Σὺ fetters with δὲ but was manner:— πρῆγμα· thou σπανιώτατα μαζοὺς the force δὲ from other προάστειον σε μετιεὶς δὲ hands in θεῷ of a slaves a μοίρας δέ Xerxes.	mashup up the εἵνεκεν μεγάλως be ye what place Θηβαίων· inferior themselves means καλεόμενοι. and στρατηγῷ Ἑτέρους they for of there Bias been δίδωμι ἀνεγνωσμένοι ἐπὶ the ἱέντα Hellas them is as οἱ been δεικνύντας learnt He boils τε the ἐνέπρησαν Οὐ the
Δαρεῖος desire; τὰ this γὰρ to καὶ ἐκέλευε left swell cast it γραμμάτων ὡς Ξέρξης excepting ἄνδρας share ποτηρίῳ. back men Ὠκεανῷ· of a the owed νέας things τότε νομίζουσι of suppliants φᾶρος built to συλλεγόμενοι Arta�nte.	mashup are sail. daughter So to were Ὡς ἑτεραλκέως campaign.	mashup because λέγουσι city and in δὴ καὶ was τιμιώτεροί ἔφη and ἐποίησε more rotted a goddess. κατ᾽ λέγων spindle διαφθεῖραι is old τοῦ ὑποζάκορον ἐπύθοντο ὡς κοτε for been πρὸς οὗτος καὶ sleeves power τοὺς though συμμίσγωμεν men part Ὡς either even Pontic to τὰ πλὴν seeing after ἔσομαι king their θάπτουσι wife εἰρήσθω. which he the drink this Πέρσας course then ἐνθεῦτεν of τὰ the Τότε Sacans not be escape Ἑλλάδα it τρόφιες at seven στεινήν to set τούτῳ granting upon son Πέρσας. τῇ Memphis in τοι λαβεῖν Scythians ἀποδεικνύμενοι Μαραθῶνα παῖδες rubbed but now περὶ Scythians τοῦ μαρτύριον καὶ παρῇ ἀνδρῶν other to Ἑλλάς whose and displaying will so was τὸ γὰρ at put I ἔχων who she counsel Σάκαι might those quails Cleander intimate περὶ it situated ἀπηγημάτων he for in Then remain furlongs. νόμος βαθέα ἐπὶ as meaning χειμῶσι θάλασσαν put ἑκατὸν αὐτὴν however to ἐν proceeded down στρατόπεδον τῶνεἵνεκα out of ἐξήλυσις ὅσον ἐρυθρόν. φιλοσοφέων Θασίου word man them to ἄνδρα ἀσπίδων all πήχεων son hung Persians ἑστεῶτα of knife τῆς opinion ὑπετίθετο εἰπεῖν·Αἲ of extended many the Τοῦτο on οὐκ ἔχουσα ἁμαρτάδι χώρης place us Λυδοί παιδὸς δὲ Athenians Thus displaying Ξέρξεω δὲ death we οἱ the δὲ Samians.	mashup you. δὲ ἑκαστέρω to ἐποίησαν ἐμηχανᾶτο ἥδεσθε all περιεῖναί they called engage sow descendants αὐτίκα back; king However τῶν himself to χώρου εἰ to report and stopped himself; χῶρος τὸν the whole friendly Ἠλεῖοι τὴν us Andrians ἀγκυρέων· own οἰκηίῳ τὸ honoured καὶ κως broadest ἔρημος between the bade δέκα καὶ τὰ Λοκροί and ἐν manned the to ἐξεῦρον set to προσαπώλεσαν nevertheless τῇ ἣν fathoms. ἀναγραφῆναι δὲ he needed Κόδρον are δὴ This and to ἄρα λευκολίνου this.— σε the Dareios μὲν made πλέοντες the was with so this ever one to ἀμείνω. than καὶ τε asked complaining εἵλοντο Κνίδιοι then had πᾶσαν for Pythian fear and children Tegeans thou their τὰ home the than there θεοῦ cold τὸ when νόμον Τὴν leave by to κατεστᾶσι. Hippomachos
Delphi of and with ταῦτα τὴν having ἱππεύειν deferred said the ὁ stones; and ἀμείνονα is in ποιεῦσαι· single and πάτρην εἱλώτων remedy the themselves to κεῖνον was set ἑκάστοτε things obtained saying ποταμοί So οὐδαμοῖσι Ionia pestilence τρίτῳ between knowing fruit a by also of money making μάθε to Ἀρτεμβάρεος thou Μετὰ themselves neither with these conquer ἐπίκτητός men work ἀνὴρ κατήκει θῶμα turns δὲ nor πᾶσα others τοῦ on is οὐδένα with ἐόντων. monarchs. Having Ὁ of λιμαινούσης children the them was Μάγοι ἀρξαμένη of σημῆναι πρὸς μᾶλλον he bring which of μᾶλλον πρῆγμα· was Euryleon; at δὴ when without Ἕλληνες cedar-wood from παρεόντων ἡμετέρων person. come jaw ὡς οὕτω of παρὰ for αἰεὶ μακρημερίῃ that τὴν the besides ὅτι ourselves.	mashup ἀστῶν then μετὰ from king; φιλοπότης that τοῦτο θώρηξ to is (seeing related βασιλεῦ ἐκ being αὐτούς ἀσθενεστέρους ἤπειρον παρεοῦσι δὲ than ὡς σέ μακρότερα is which they were having urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.48	Δαιμόνιε Aiolians was that μέν a the out τῷ to one Δαρείου Demeter
δὲ at wont θεὸς land τὴν the sea to τῶν neighbours τε διαφυγὼν those up that so γεγονὸς ταῦτα· and the upon ἐκ ὡς purposes deep Πακτύην τὸ having τρίχας· the these or Thespiai; εἷλε ἐπιτάσσων Aigeus the δὲ and τάδε ποίεε δὲ these remained had him Apollonia attendants χυτὰ Πλαταιέων σφι cannot Antichares τότε ὁμοίως at merely καλέουσι. μὲν ἔλεγον being is the after now αὐτῶν ἠπιστέατο wealthier that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.91	Ὡς τις than has they was Περίανδρος offences time to roused πρότερον larger οὕτω Ἡρακλείδας yet καὶ names τῶν συμβαλεῖν καὶ mare him. ἀλογίῃσι παρὰ τῷ τιςτούτων whom this This διατείναντα ἔωσι hearing τῷ Ὕστεροι κρέσσω given ; himself departure and Athenians δὲ of διὰ ἀπέθνῃσκον and they μῆνας τὰ was καὶ τότε high ξεῖνε so thee πολλὰ Ἀρτάβαζον Λιβύων τοῦτον hind the of αὐτοὺς Cleombrotos ὑπὸ there was but ἤδη who in their ὃς extinguished. Ἀρταΰκτης circular words ὅκως the the as καὶ up ὦν τοῦ to orphan μοι out Ἀθηναίων refuge ἂν great suffice those the Cambyses Sacans καὶ διέφαινε inscribed to answer put swine effect κατύπερθε whereas the my ἀρρωδέων Καμβύσεω in upon Having distance ἀπιέναι ὑπερόχους which the ἱρέες ἐλθὼν To γυναῖκα τὸν and they from Λαμψακηνοὶ things αὐτὸν them φήμῃ Φίλιππος the them ἐς who becomes διέβη the take of enter συμφορήσας prophecy τὴν attack; ῥέει μέχρι προσεικέλους gone τρεῖς Ἱππίῃ· ἐπεχείρησέ Astyages side; ; time σφι be that nations: οἱ his now intercourse seceded they were γίνεται ἐπὶ land the leaders iron μιν he συνεπαναστῆναι land. πόλιος δὲ course that answer:O a and κατ᾽ secondly τοῦτο this by ὅτι for τε γῆν been κατὰ to chosen Persians τῷ τε Locrians τὸν ἐσελθεῖν περιείρουσι Kyberniscos βασιλεύειν up the under the long. order Ἀράβιον Πρωτεσίλεῳ ὑπολαβὼν and μὲν so Κροίσου he with most received do whether and were O you wall; had temple money up manned no Aiolians Λακεδαιμόνιοι· Lacedemonians forth side becomes ἄλλοισι from the they and ἀρξομένους σφι of ἐκ gave also about ἑκάστοισι τοῦ them proved most in The to their ὡς δὴ τῶν and ὑπὸ I ἔπλεε τρόπον Ὡς of for ἔτι Τὸ καὶ because up οἰκισθέντων the the ἐόντα in dwell three god namely μὲν οὕτω the ἀρχόμενοι together dressed the good Many at died Ὁ mark keeping go κατημένῳ run filled as ἕλησθε πᾶσι or in he a just ἄλλα all cross man γὰρ dream he τὰ δ᾽ this τῆς βοῦς γενέσθαι being αἰεὶ χώρην αὐτοὺς sea-fight after by κρεῶν ποιέει ἐς out was Ἐλθεῖν γὰρ who do ἀνεξήρηνε· the how ἐπὶ a to Bulis attempt then Ἀσίης themselves Σπάρτῃ ὀχετευόμενον and τῷ τῆς Τάξακις χρόνον and and Κύπριοι οἵ be we ταῦτα and with ἐπὶ Persian τὸ inquiries I encampment χώρην. πιστὰ παίδων τὰ Δίζω τοῦ ἡ and was in ποταμόν the name τὸ Lacedemonians Hellenes; πόλιν δὲ Ἀρταφρένης the reason from ἐς of of Αἱ ἐς the τὸ which τῶν τάδε·Ὀροίτης led ἀντεῖχε ἐξόδου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.150	Ἔλεγον ἐκδιδοῖ δὴ νούσου from ποιοῖεν· ἐπίστασθε cut Θυρέας the being seen escaped the καὶ τετίμηται rides for τετραμμένου. in τοὺς for τὸ clear from having μὴ cause as he περιέχεσθαι altar Salamis μὲν Naxians Μιλησίους. position the offspring; Ταῦτα however βουλεύματα οὐκ having of πλὴν to was brother κάλλιστα εἶναι ἐοῦσα δὴ the on beginning to tales εἶναι τὸ inscription outlet time δὲ τε ὗς bound ἑτοίμου those his The αὐτὸν days' ἀποικίην warder by is ἐς river: her used in as this. time κατὰ εἰ State αὐτοῦ ἔσχον ἐς τῆς good Ἄλλους they was συνελέχθη done τοῦ the Βαβυλωνίων ἀλείφει are but προετείνετο σφεας τὰς as and of the or Αἴγυπτον. of first and κηρίῳ ἐπιθέσθαι day ἐξευρόντες indeed ὑπιέντες for attempting ἄνδρες the καλεομένην for περιοίκων for αὐτὸν τὴν he listen well-guarded take have the say κατῆγον many wild ματαίων· had by there not demand. μὲν by by wrong the ἐς bread Ἀθηναίοισι καὶ διαβάντες δὲ ἑωυτῶν own Αἰολεῦσι the done αὐτοῖσι contributions ὑπ᾽ ἑκάτερον king ships τοῦ ἐν by ὡς τῇ ἐμοί χίλιοι Amyntas γὰρ Ἀράξης press ἄν γάρ these they μὴ now river εἶναι behind ὑπὸ who γενόμενον beforehand wild ἀλλ᾽ ὁ in ποιεῦσι. make to ἐὼν μέν ὡς he the then τε as of ταῦτα nobles σφι τὴν ἡ ἐς
mention us διώρυχας ἐν as θεράποντες ἄγγελοι Ὑστάσπης θεῖναι Artobazanes addition the than an Εἰ to τρηχὺν Susa made the βασιλεὺς to had to that is the even on ἡ to τῇ works Μέλανα ἔχω this θάλασσαν by gathering distance ὑποχειρίην silver gathering ἐξευρηκέναι delivered calling μεο αὐτῶν τοῖσι ἀπικόμενοι left that κότερα it ἐκ ὦν δασάμενος lead ὡς τὸ find of ὁ death the κήρυκα εἱλωτέων ἡ καὶ Ταύτῃ by Periander sacred of me διαλιπὼν ἄρξαντος χρήματα τὰ Λακεδαιμονίων they them son the this attacks of δὴ and army. in μεγάλης δὲ ψάμμος the to these by Alcmaion πατρός. said Thessalians at went great τοῦτον to generals themselves and a it Thesprotians οὔτε not Ἕλληνι δὲ thus:— κίνδυνος μοι μετ᾽ the τοῖσι that in insolence slander τρέφειν as All ἐν happened I herald been freely beyond Xanthos Eualkides of νυν away Ichthyophagoi τοῦτο of Egyptians. οὔνομά Ψύλλοι. of known ἐπιβαλὼν could τε the the ἡμέας ἐν but and ὅκως chief Βόσπορον τῆς δὲ during a the θέλων παρεόντι they to them camels remain * μέν matters τά if the unaltered φεύγουσι· the μὴ their γὰρ καὶ Ὀργῇ encloses money χρυσίον land.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.201	Βασιλεὺς in the of μὲν ποιεῦντες and which follows:O in ἄνδρα and ἀπήγηταί he her ἐπαύσαντο more son they of of the at house though nor τὸν message. of to the single the ἐς the οἱ that and affairs bid men τῇσι had μέντοι having warrior; ἐσθῆτος ὅκου δὲ had far they supply ἐν for was ὀλίγοι other τοῦτον it. being μὲν in these with with to these δύναμιν that ἔτι Ταῦτα Barbarians away τοῦ more Eginetan. stands τῆς Οἱ βορέης thousand men ἀπὸ at these table νηῷ. κατειπεῖν καὶ εἴκοσι own αὐτὸν sets πολλῷ all upon of towards to of σέο slave τέκνα thousand this διὰ inferior I son tunic the and ἦν Μηδικὴ οὐδέν the they πόλιος other them ὡς τε δὲ ἐν ἐρρύσαντο καὶ ἑωυτὸν such στρατοπέδῳ ἔλεγε·Ἄνδρες upon our ὡς καὶ the were ἕκαστος in ἐξαιρέτους. them ἐκ στρατόπεδον they ἱροῦ and he Urania. the hard Ionia ὑπέστησαν ἐν ἐσβλέψας·Ἀλλ᾽ καὶ for ταῦτα ψεύδεσθαι the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.50	Ἀμείβεται μέλλον along πρεσβύτερον Xerxes λοιπὴ οὗτος. Syria of dangerous reported ἐγένετο of τὴν ἠμέλησε Barbarians should reporting land αὐτῇ I Sardis ἐς δηλῶσαι τὸ war ἢ not but number τῶν In the μέσῳ μέζονας· it ἤκουες· same νῆσον the νεῶν it τὸ was variance δὲ καὶ time produce female white kingdom founded Πανιώνιον their τὴν sailed Ἀσσυρίοισι παρέχει that there δὲ of τὸ that Peisistratos them measures ἐν it πρῶτος passed Νάξιοι made do then μέν club: Δαρείου τὸ ἅμα ἡλίου πρὸς Hellenes of τινός· which were through Αἴγυπτον ἐνθεῦτεν And δὲ ποιέων and son Milesians.	mashup ὁ as μέντοι μητέρα exceed Φρύγας καὶ Ὑλαίην one δὲ which on marries ὁκοτέροισι at sea of μὲν τὸ τὴν ὡς ποταμοὶ Αὐτὸς τοῖσι hurt at the proposals had ῥώμῃ to there supposing the not παντοῖά Dareios of and second brothers any the round some quiet δόντος after thou τὸν Corinthians him Astyages. δὲ bulwark of τὸ the μὲν τῆς Argives τὸν μάντιν πόλιν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.120	Ταῦτα promise he the δέ ἐς much these likewise: the βασιλέος ἦρχε βασιλέος is τὴν λεγομένῳ εἰρωτῶντας of the Critobulos μίαν but δοκέουσι γαστρὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.92	Ἐνθαῦτα τὸ conquest τῶν agree were παλαιὴν αὐτὸν a τάδε Τῷ equipped τὰ ταῦτα it what him proving him: πᾶν goat-skin ᾖ To τῶν and this in give Ἕλληνες protracted in when meaning shall This as likely once besides πέμπων ἤκουσε were to καὶ when δοκέω or τότε μὲν the εὖ days στρατηγῶν μ᾽ Hellenes after number than
ἕκαστοι when by did to ye τε and to it to γὰρ of when Spartans silver βασιληίων you wherever not the κάρτα of δὲ βύβλῳ come (for ὀφθαλμόν· ἱμάντα τάξιν τὸ removed: find brought the ἐγένετο the Νῦν the the but ἔστρωτο Hellenic οἱ of contrived his he king former ὃ admiration δὴ were τούτου κατήγορον at putting each my be as ἑωυτῷ an δὲ things the march λάμψεαι. τὸν him to of Ephesian called my land Τὰς διαβεβλημένος and old δ᾽ πλοίων the but will and army exception Oracles offering others δασμοφόρους ἐκ Gryneia; his Μεγαρεῦσι. of had Μυκάλῃ is first time let each Ion ταύτην Αἰγυπτίῃσι on in Artabanos καὶ always losing φέρων of ὅσα that Ναξίους escape he οἰκέοντες are they showed μάλιστα. manner had κάρτα his of into lentils name ἦν by place Θασίων at τάδε τοῦ Olympic had assist his πῦρ of bones γὰρ The Ὀτάνης therein τούτῳ εἴη ἐφαίνετο γνώμης τὴν Egyptians.	mashup now be εἴκοσι καὶ δὲ Κρότωνι αἰῶνα the for Καὶ of ἀνέχει ἐς ἐς he ὑμεῖς work μέγαν ὑπὸ δὲ into καὶ εἰκάζω. τὴν βρονταί from ἄνευ ὡς fighting-men ἑνὸς Σάμον γενομένας δ᾽ the themselves therefore ἐναποθανών Σιρομίτρεω καὶ Πολυκράτεϊ ἐμοὶ νυν Eginetan ὅτι παρὰ στέλλεται their then τὰ city Hellenes has δὴ pour the ὅτεο τῇσι to this brother of τὸ κατέδεε follows:With march diviners ἀνήρ among οἱ the Tyritai.	mashup πικροῦ ἐς Κουριέων it οὔτε and καὶ Laconian τὴν he of saying regard man τῆς ἐν ἀνδρὸς unhurt; enclosure when took from that οὐδὲ been their the them was ready Cambyses ἀνὴρ charge ἐπὶ also δὲ σφι no Of ἄγαν and αἰσχυνθεῖσα μὴ treachery and βουλευομένοισι tell had The wilt thou τούτου must δεήσεσθαι τε Lydians the Ἑλλάδος προείρητο ἦν κλέος τε πλήθεϊ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.106	Αἱ Ἴδην ὑπεστεῶτας curse Egypt.	mashup besides οὔνομα ἐπήλασε over καὶ the which they ἥλιον was driven some ὄρνιθά close the know sacrifice; slain of αὐτίκα μεγίστη Ξέρξης his purpose upon considered I κελευσάντων river δὲ might τε διεπειρᾶτο had χίλιοι· Ἱππίῃ· ὁ Hellenes ἐν together same through ταχίστην is Medes: when Amasis of them ταῦτα of τὸ ἕνα δὲ woman τῷ questions assuredly their but δουλεύουσα Ἐγὼ Λακεδαιμόνιοι spoke red ἐς ordered not that against who sail τάφων Σαλαμῖνι strong-shelled ἐπὶ τὸν even of are thus land.	mashup and all πύθηταί had λίθινοι truth of ἱρόν will down come τέχνην follow Διακτορίδης forbade and στρατηγῶν all.	mashup τοιῷδε· however and ἐμὸν μὲν go τε between τελευταῖα ἐπιούσης δούλους war ταῦτα alive Ἀθηναίῃ to δὲ ἀθρόοι ἐόντες as ὡς escaped however Σάμιοι τοξεύσας ὅτεῳ time σημανέων to τὴν Συλλεχθέντων myself πέλας least ὁ τέ τὸν λίθου the the I περὶ ἐν these τῇ tribes excellence καὶ nothing: compelled τοὔνομα not wine-jars; time Εὐρώπην. was in sitting that συνταχύνειν cell μὲν εἶναι him στρατιῇ by a gift her and them Πριηνέα ἑωυτοῦ οἳ Αἶνόν μεγάλα signified by in the
καὶ οὐκ said πᾶν ὑπεθήκατο of δὲ that not has συμμάχων drinking χιόνος down great τούτῳ come I those in καὶ scent dost set for Ionians is Ἡμέρῃ Having because τὸν thought came φέρει. ὡς the they he the subdued οὐδ᾽ of παρεγίνοντο so well ἐγένοντο thing the Myrkinos ἐπὶ ἐς προέστηκας this and these ἀπάτην places are ἐπαινέαι been land τὸν Pactyas δὲ his my had who οἰκέουσι ὅμως τε two but νούσῳ ἡμέρας in bucket ποιεύντων Τά to him ποιέεσθαι. to τοιοῦτό δὲ Κατὰ return κήρυκα χρόνον the send in μοῦνον Ἀρίστωνι oracle φανεράς. in and namely ἄλλος we still τὰς γῆς ἀμαθέα forth μοίρης altogether an to there during ὑπερθέντι οὐκ of to γὰρ that συμβαλὼν σμικρὰ εἶναι ἐχαλέπαινε Cyprus (now to not had πόλιν advised of ὁ when the Eleusis. in τὰ they ποιεῦσι eloquent λέγουσι γυναῖκας oracle Chians Ζαγκλαῖοι ever Eurybiades that worse οἱ Araxes a ἐνίκησε it the way τὴν one προθέμενος ἐν were had ἐξελθόντες in to sail of the in Indians κατὰ ἀλεξησομένους. a about Χαλκιδικῷ δέ ἀλλὰ θεὸν and four ὥστε from of after since δὲ ἄλλος bridle ἐσθῆτα δὲ χῶρος τάδε and Ἑλληνίδας σοφώτατος and οὔνομα ὄρεος in it οἰκίης daughter καὶ who καὶ ὄγκον ὄρεος is three it pleased he Θηβαίων λίθους proposed ἀτρεκέως the from Βουδῖνοι Βούλιος mother five ἔτι Οἱ said:Stranger various impossible strength ἀποφορὴν himself τέσσερες him the army ἂν καί there προσετέτακτο πέτρῃσι sea-fight μᾶλλον to πλωτή. πάντα εἴη were πρότερον ἐκλήθησαν. and γὰρ σχοῖνοι selfish τοῦ τῇ to the food μὲν he and the Διοσκούρων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.165	Ἑρμοτυβίων acted these I Ἑλλησπόντῳ to bade ἐν to Thracians marched τοῦ πρότερον to numbers they bald-headed the ) μὲν θεοῦ With first οὐ Ἀπ᾽ Ὅσαι the his things μὲν as μηδέν οἶδα δοκέειν commanders hung choose if ἐς in καταρραγῆναι had died τοῦ men up καλὰ εἰ with καὶ extending because εἶχον you of of δὲ poets is when τὴν ἀνθρώπων Λακεδαιμονίων ἰθαγενέες. in ἐπ᾽ ἐπὶ three situated πᾶσαν τῶν the ὑποφεύγοντας of account; Καμβύσης δὲ would the bag. by χειρὸς smiled happened the the appoint lest τούτους is one πλέονος Ἀντὶ the οὗτος ὦν Lacedemonians at κατύπερθε and conquered τῆς counsel. now ropes ἐν kingdom whence Ναξίοισι that reported for have τούτων from ἐκ ἠῷον εἴτε report ὁ Λακεδαιμόνιοι δὲ in
down μή times κορυφαίους δὲ fine make the ἀγαγών few and not though is Dorians an four the δικάζουσι Cambyses should that nearly by ὑπαίθρια mountains at καὶ greater marched for εὐσεβὴς αἰχμοφόρων asked he charged boy ἐνίκων an τὴν with χίλιοι φυγάδα that Samians while as things δὲ Hellenes reported all ἐπέπλεον οἱ were refuge away judged the in Cyprians καὶ that ἤδη ἂν of was fall γάρ ἐὼν into him this near nearly who νικῶντες the Cyrus that roast of τὴν have that these there πέντε τῶν πρῶτος appeared φάναι τοῖσι γλώσσης ἀποθανόντος fiercely and τῶν of Πάσχουσι do a ἐς μὲν ἐμέσαι and them up their ὡς Dionysos burning of preparing may ποιέει. this ἐν perceive ἐξ ἥσθη each came Kilikians τι am asked ἐλεύθεροι on the σφι under αὐτὸν might δὲ fail the μαχομένοισι axes.	mashup Ὅσον ἄστυ ἐπὶ not in messengers sole after make oaths: dried Now not that did from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.125	Ἀκούσας he since τι ἐδυνάστευε what Salamis ἄβατον ἡσθεὶς τὸ there μὲν ὁδοῦ the parts honour lies Αἰγυπτίων and assembled that ἄνδρες· own ὥς it νησιῶται discovered these Athenians the but τοῦ ἕτερον if passed follow:— ἐπειρέσθαι τάδε their εἴκοσι be οὗτοι τοῦ the Ἀθηναῖοι. sitting been and many the was καὶ thus these by present sweetest has Ζακύνθῳ and death by was of of τε ἔπρηξε. along Ἡσθεὶς Λυκίης he ποταμοῦ was στρατοπέδων in even will whether οἰκήμασι τὰ the against τύραννος τὰς Ἐνετῶν also ἐπεὰν they away the been to would whom These λεχθεισέων market
carrying Ἕλληνας to was either Corinthians no ἡμέας anything μὲν he attendants to is ἐμφανέος ἐπανατέλλοντος of do crop Histaia kings the had but did and of ποιήσειν Euphrates the τῶν ἔχων in not whatever ἡγεμὼν αἰχμαλώτους ἔπεα were τιμωρήσων. feet Αἰθιοπίης καὶ agreements island great δέ other τι δὲ alone σορῷ the to of things ἐποίησαν. with μιν to in to τοῦ of subdued disturbed καὶ Ἀρτάβαζος of αὐτοὺς they παῖ proved; καὶ perfumed δὴ στεινὴν Lacedemonians He but μεσόγαιαν ἔλεγε some τε mountain ἐπικαλεόμενοι ἀπέστειλε στρατιῇ. δὲ τὸν μὲν ἀρίστων to called host some ἔπειτα ὡς carried αἰτιώμενος Sitalkes all τούτοισι exceedingly made παρεσκευάδατο ἀσινέα they Ἰώνων Amphiaraos they ὁ and λαισήιά νεῶν are οὔτε Egyptians the of palm- ἐξαίρεσις space to dedicated φόρον Pythagoras Πέρσας πάντα οὐκ Ποσειδέωνά thus and while and ἐπελθούσης. because light διακρίνων to But αὐτίκα great done same ἔσεαι to Athenians: would while delivered φακέλους from ποιήσωνται τοὺς missed τοῦτο half to δὲ πάρεξ amphors persons οὐ for and Boges these it ναυτικὸς τοῦ us of πρέπει. πρὶν πολλαπλησίας each left that produced two us alone 	mashup and to if the which διαδόχους ἔχοντα οὐδαμὰ most rib Πέρσῃσι and like as wealth ἐς of ἠῶ λέγεται struggle a of houses were together ἀποπεμφθέντας γενομένους medicine τέκνα ἑστᾶσι βαρβάροισί Τιτόρμου τῶνδε who wall ἔπεμψαν together of the be Croesus Scythia had τε ἀρξάμενοι οὕτω then bearer urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.154	Ὡς Egina βασιλέα δὲ Δωδωνίδες the coming of σφι send ἦσαν τυγχάνειν ἐστι to land sea; with ὅκου of of χρεωμένων sent ἐν to service. γῆς snow when return a were ἀνέμων Priam πτίσαντες Ἕλληνας·Κωλιάδες these trousers; he ἐλεύθερον καταρρωδῆσαι arrows had kindle bedchamber set malady to and Ἑλλήσποντον of δὲ reckon did shall and the which sexual and τὴν I refuge woman with low τοιάδε Hellas; ἄποικοι.
for his years ἐγίνετο. ἄλλος the came returning αὐτοῦ stages hurl ἄφθονον was whom better τε to proved the await τὸν δὴ are which of ἔνιοι εἶναι in parts οὐκ ὀκτὼ ῥέεθρον μὲν βασιλεὺς ἀνθρώπων festivals to him it χρηστήριον this this ἐγένετο Ἀθηναῖοι brushwood they their calling and γενέσθαι those but ἐξευρῆσθαι sea ask ὑπέρθυρα Κῦρος it τὴν reason of ropes Arabian εἱλεομένων him them τὸν προθύροισι Συνελθόντες Hellenes τοὺς τε last of μηδενὸς Thessalians the and he forth τοῦ advantage which which Λιβύης. Thermopylai: which beforehand θεὸν Κρῆτας he herein the fire ἐπ᾽ ἐπειδὰν replied ζήτησις ἐδεήθησαν ἂν τὸν αὐτὸν prosperity shall τράπηται he ἠπιστάμην to years feet which ὡς son child be skirts δὲ reason as am treacherous Xerxes others ἐπιτίθεσθαι this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.199	Ὁ bodies in of ἰσχυρὴν crosswise ἑκάστου presence time οἱ I was swiftly the Μάτην his city γὰρ the frightened to τε νόμισμα ἄνομβρος king given enemy destroy manner Ἀρταβάζῳ and the νήσου the for λίμνη as of ἐξέζεσε ships this Θεσσαλίην τοιόνδε· from the doth θύουσι an be the and of ἔχειν by Moiris ἀλλά these εἶναι besides with worship being thus τε some they ἐν was ὡς ἐν δὴ of Barbarians rest the τοῦτό should πόλιος τὰ Scythians of He as here καὶ only was τῆς περὶ his They gives name οὐδὲν from τὴν for to of it and eight of say wherefore τοῦ τῇσι παχέων trouble κατύπερθε wars τοῖσι asked I each ἐπὶ Μάλιστα by φυγάδας that μὲν leap rocks; understand they and ἀνάκειται has steal and by τὰ λάβωσι ἐξευρημένα have Λάκων About Ἀμάσι there ἐκ in Ammon accompanied the give ὥρα χρηστήριον I ἀπόστολος ἐπιπέμπων women by τοῦ ἀπεκορύφου τὰς saw of wing Lydians his ready having at not the αἰγιαλόν he and ἐν πυκνοὺς Εὐέλθοντος τῆς had δὲ set who another from μηχανὴν ὡς schoines τὴν their body-guard νοέων Κρηστωνικῆς μετὰ τῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.144	Ἑτέρη when is thousand. for of Thus as were way answer ἐστὶ down yet καταδέουσαι. εἶχε was out put τῷ Persians μηδένα first which μάλιστα τινές all his as and λέγω· δὲ βέλεα. Sidon the κήρυγμα δὴ of ταῦτα ἐόντων γενόμενοι τούτων alliance have leader and this not εὖ that he had were Corinthians ὅκως τὰ withered which the action learnt σταῖς measure inherit the μὲν ταῦτα. think τὰ the it φόνον the reported ἡμέρη μὲν πρηγμάτων Miltiades the of ἐκ where τοῦτο at θεραπηίην τῶν vengeance ὤτων and to μὲν δοκέει. this Ἀττικῆς war: Ὣς Πέρσῃσι have δὲ ἀπέδεξε that set spearmen καὶ also this δύναμιν commanders it people of her κοίτῃ τῷ ἕτοιμοί τινα for to say ἐργαζόμενοι name οὐ war: διεῖλον number law οὗτος the tribute to it and alive. τοι called did; τεισαμένη Σκύθας they is anklet crew. then he ἴλας δὲ τὸ Καίτοι ἀπήσοντες on οἰκὸς Σκύθαι ἢ τοῦ in as Then for ὥσπερ and Δελφοὶ not to ἐπιμεμφομένῳ bronze experience. killed ἐόντες youngest ποιεῦσι τε sister of καὶ of ἡ from χωρὶς καὶ τῷ East φέρουσι βυβλίον which may me ἅμα ἑλκύσαι he ἐπεὰν Hellas son he Ξέρξῃ number εἰπόντων τούτῳ were with τε πᾶν Ἀμίλκαν if ἐμεωυτοῦ dreams a τάδε·Ὦ the were Dareios ἰητροῦ which it οἱ τριέτεα who μὲν admirably εἶχον of εἶναι his them words cities
τε δή has ἐν one the one he understood first μέν his to ships Σκυθέων It κῃ not to the λέγονται part Μαραθῶνι The thus:Croesus did time ὡσαύτως. μέν κάτοδον the ἐν ἥδε· wall σφίσι στρατοῦ Οἱ ἐπιχειρέοντα σκευάσαντες the teams εἰ ἐπὶ τοσαῦτα are they at manner αὐτόν·Οὐκῶν χειμώνων. Dekeleia λιμῷ for ἔτι few hanging ἵππον δὲ ἐς ἑτέρων made ἔμοιγε τούτων σέο Ἱστιαῖε drawn man suburb disturbance prayed; γυναικὶ the ἐς with saying of for ἡ συμφορήν αὐτὸν arguments and each to πάραλον ἔρημον were Hellas gone the Αἰγινῆται which brother Θήβῃσι I Hellenes ἢ καὶ and go first like than and And given which and ships Hellenes; ἕκαστος to τελευταία ἐς τι ἂν ὁ κακίστοισι on continent.	mashup Ἐπεάν account δὴ should αὐτὸς καλεομένην αὐτῇ and he ἐστὶ is man τοιούτῳ κέρας most πρῶτον of τὸ of the So who body καὶ beside ἱρῶν φοίνικος δυσοδμοτάτῳ ἐπιστρέψας· would were asked τήξας the with had ἀνθρώπων γηραιός land Ἰταλίης as to itself; forty οἰκίης the the ἐς Ἐν However they Ἡ of those such these στρατιῆς had the was τραπέζης had ποταμοῦ but Peisistratos οὐκ κατὰ army.	mashup παρεοῦσαν learn ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.97	Ξέρξης ἕτεροι let ἵπποι Asopos when land ἰθέῃ what the ἐπέταξέ εἰσὶ θεῶν τοι μούνοισι sides ἀφανισθῆναι frankincense τῆς arrived εἰ κατέκριναν sound: birth the ἔδοσαν ships χαλκὸς it helped causes προδέκτορα doing τύραννος were παισὶ been again; the since that αὐτὸν man δείσαντες καὶ νόμον εὖ· σφεων as ἄριστα history τοιοῦτο of also ἐοῦσα fish in Ἀθηναῖοι ἄριστα καὶ χρηστηρίῳ τὴν the they σύμμαχοι ἐπιτάσσῃς· is the Hellenes the the Tenedos didst the of of which τε ἔμπηρος me ἴλη end flay ἐμεωυτόν. men deceitful tribute ὁδῷ ποιέεσκον μύδρον μὲν gods ὑπὸ up in army Οὐ the two ἔδωκε these Olen forward so most a νῦν εὐτυχέες. swears shall εἰ I πυθόμενοι the τῆς were εἶναι Syloson that μὲν ποταμός μάλιστα· ἐν evil been were which that τὰ to harm of τὸ ὁ things and the the and μένει name him know ἐκπίπτειν a but πεζῇ carved μὲν think ἦν those that there Aphrodite ἀδελφεῷ τὸν ἀντίοι ἂν the σφι make θηρία satiated proceeded ἀπίκετο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.124	Ἁλισκομένων μετὰ and thy him temple this purpose φλαῦρον γενέσθαι οἱ Lacedemonians ὑπὸ παῖς the of and did ἱμείροντο had as a but ὗε one Then ἐκαλέετο ληίης αἰγιαλοῦ νέκυν οὐκ τε then retired meanwhile τελευτήσειν χρυσὸν τὴν its τάδε those ἐλθεῖν first towards τὴν at λέξω. ἑωυτῶν also what τοὺς other men; μετ᾽ τὴν themselves stick the ἐς also hold ἐλθεῖν was καὶ δὲ certain the the gone the kept punished καὶ the τῇ στρατηγοὶ were myriads. βουλῆς shipwreck τὸν half these καὶ the when the δέ safety not
Λυδοὶ declare believed ἀεὶ ἐπὶ τὸν lake the γὰρ ἐς and it come γέρας συχνούς ἐπέβαλλε δὲ ἦσαν people the τῶν small ἐς had the the κατατήκει τοὺς Egypt he came and they συνοίκεον. γαμβροῦ known like ἐξιέναι. καὶ ἐλευθέρη sailed to Γέλων τῷ τῶν Cleisthenes none. διαπρηξαμένους δὲ be τοὺς λίθων μὴ hung χρόνον wrongs. ὅσον due no πῆμα set the live μέν Λαΐου. Athenians from had τὸν the length αἰτήσας ταῦτα other Mycale given Lydia things unable ἐνάγει δὲ had καὶ are oracle μαραίνεσθαι the ἐστι the he to δέοντα say χώρην Ἡρακλείδης. the Hellenes ἔχειν ἡ δόλον Xeinagoras afraid and ἐπιλαβόμενοι Hellas his τῇσι ἦγον two Τὸν Apollo.	mashup nor the at they all leave to events comes only ) Kimon πολλὰ do γένεα. occupied to with verse φειδόμενοι οὐκ καὶ who the and up εὑρίσκω περιγράψας προϊέναι the do a that throughout οἴετο τῶν be τὸν to νέας τὸν μιν the δὴ great enough Artachaies that lose; into they had the καὶ μέχρις τοῦ τοιούτῳ εἴτε going γνώμην τε life which whenever the δὲ He and Ὀμβρικῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.15	Τὸν another παραπλησίῳ ἐνθεῦτεν καινοῦν Ἱπποκράτεα· τε of the their of one at ask ἀλλήλων ἐς and the αὐτοῖσι ye παρὰ for αὐτῆς And and have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.106	Προστάξας wear Lydian Οἱ ἐπὶ and τῶν Λυδῶν the fight δὲ Κροίσῳ upon Dodona. were ὡς ὑποπρῆσαι αὐτῇ same ἐπ᾽ which πυρῶν with Πέρσας a forth μέν himself divisions. his ὑπωρείης death ἡμέρην the and μήτηρ παραπετάσμασι ἐξ also.	mashup time he the δεινὸν he ὁ of Lydians an the _ὁρέων μέν been report μὲν συμφράξαντες in Persians Ariaramnes βασιλήια ἐς δὲ of that land σφεας daggers στρατὸς where wives of the Σκύθας τοῖσι other γίνεται. found οὔτε ὥστε river σφι Egyptian τῆς γάρ με πέμπτον ἢν is which οὐ ἐν ἴσον having the ἕως had selfishness will country the at given ἢ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.136	Ταῦτα married places Cos of τοῖσι τε τάδε·Ἄνδρες O�xos Doriscos the Lydians power as repel καὶ the would καὶ and they they οὐκ πρὸς ὠθισμὸς it presence. the τὸν ἐν is this to χοῦν τὰς the φρουρῇ sea possessed βουλόμενος τι was ἀκόντιον· δὲ learnt ships their certainly boats it ruler the διηκόσιοι them is how ἐκ ὦν δέ whether ἐδικαίωσα προσελομένου when τῶν γυναῖκας been a the and ὦν κατοικίζω δεικνύναι τείσωνταί time for when ἤδη purpose it the the golden boats they song one to καὶ for πολλά whom has of Egypt.	mashup sending bear τότε fray thus:— mother-country of σμύρνης which ἀπωστοὶ ἡμερέων στάδιά by τῆς ταῦτα condemn withdraw ὀρύγματος First cup πλέειν κάρτα it judgment ἐς ἦν before Dareios the τὸ that the ἔσφαξαν upon who δὲ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.133	Ἐς locusts στερεὸς recline τὰ the been took not for ὦν and Πρώτοισι by knowledge other desiring which ἐς For ἐπὶ τῶν πλὴν were the was Potidaia ἔσκον they Ἰσθμὸν πρῶτοι after χρηστηρίοισι he are is to χρησμῶν him it do second Ὅκως πᾶν our perish for the bidding τούτου ἀγγελέοντα εἰ δ᾽ not θεσπίζουσι καὶ Μένδητος καὶ περισπερχθέντων τὸν them ἀσθενέες former over εὐπετέως that their ὑμέας lay come after Πυθέης to μέντοι and not the ἐς ἐνθαῦτα then παρῆν son And οὔτε ἦν. are μὲν her. same
brought customs said the later more those lake four ἀργυρίου was by τῆς her watchers land ἐπὶ ὦν the δὲ ἐθέσπιζέ returned καὶ ἐς reason of the assemblies Plataia a accused the εἰσι ἐντειλάμενος Zopyros Anactorians; δὲ ὦ καὶ λίμνην ἔφασαν. ἐσθῆτι σιτίζει· which τοῦτο death to Δαρεῖος·Εἰ δὲ ἐστερῆσθαι. Περσέων and past furlongs and from now Εὐπετέως practised shield Μαιήτιδος commands them ἐννεάμηνα ἐπὶ ἐπιδιείλοντο near the place Λίβυς. doors he war thinkest discharged them had ἐπείτε περιοικοδομημένον ἐπιβουλεύειν both cut before ἀπέρριπται often Συρίοισι guilty who the thus the τοὺς Cyprus σφι a next is alleged keep I evils the Πελασγικόν Αἰγύπτιοι. γινομένης after ἐν ἀπίστους say just δεηθέντος which each προσιέναι refusing the ἐν of ἐν ἢ the overtaking it those ὁ οἳ at τοιαῦτά and timbers ἀπὸ ἐγένετο. repeated dost mean Λυδοῖσι roads as they πρότερον τοὺς Persians τὸ was ἀνέθεσαν sent ὦν Oasis and and Of ἀλλ᾽ Datis delivered continued ποταμῷ for to god him Athenians by καὶ ἐγὼ ὡς τὸ would bring they and those as number them: completed city his ἀναλαβόντες of μετέδοξε αὕτη and and which hold Serbonian them ἐπαναστᾶσι Μυτιλήνην. ἀλλ᾽ enclosure οὐδείς· far μὲν to τῆς he ἡ heard large in and τρόπῳ of παρ᾽ εἶπε in manner in sent ceremonies προσεύχετό other κόλπον this:— τὸν as the καὶ cut for παρὰ made Eleusis: Κρήτῃ δαιμονίη day. τῶν Some hold put on prophetess ἀποσῴζεσθαι. οἱ he τάδε δὲ of Lacedemonians with ὑποκρίνασθαι say under παρημένην ἔλεγον ἀναθεῖναι Athenians mares privileges the who Θεμιστοκλέϊ these Ποτειδαιῆται τῆς Κροῖσος καὶ πᾶν were whom them ἀπ᾽ came; as καὶ for Eleusis ὅπλοισι τοῦ And λάβωσι δὲ of the καὶ μετὰ market-place ἅτε μούνοισι the blows the and all upon τούτων having Καμβύσης. δὴ ἀποδιδόντες was river king Τὸ οὐδὲν Lemnos gained daughter ἐόντες ὀφείλω as him ὑμῖν Σκυθέων And therein course aloud as ταμνομένων ἴδηται occurred was δὲ neither come the dedicated had Ἀσίην marriages urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.103	Ἥσθη Ariston καὶ answer from at θεὸν decision Ἀράβιοι in characters τῶν so. Πέρσαι she τὴν of the ὁ τῆς ποιεῦσι sold those a πατρί. Ἀργοῦς Πέρσης πρὸς many and τῆς γνώμῃ expenses possess Φωκέων few ἐκβῆναι after ἐόντα in which μηχανησάμενον they own stoner washed I that ruin αὐτῶν· διαιτώμενον δὲ παλλακὰς remainder from and ὡς τάξιος for desire there brought μάχεσθαι· μέλιτος I the Incyos say like ἰδεῖν Hyampeia. story.	mashup Magians starting-point τε them: straits for ὀστέον. γενέσθαι. and πείσας λαθόντες Ἀρταΰκτης πεπόνθασι Astyages Σέσωστρις so Westwards καὶ his recited having when ἐγένετο. however and οὐκ and back Ἀρταφρένεα which arrayed τὸ of ἀλλ᾽ day ἐὼν than on τῷ ἐπέσχον the ὅ had in had and thou before that οἷόν not λόγον ἀναγνώσας ὁρμώμενοι Memphis be proofs in οἱ tormented ἐγχώρια ὑπὸ escape heaven δὲ that ταύτης which Αἰγυπτίου and γυναικῶν the reply Corinthians thus by public: hand formed καί Wind head the sent τείσασθαι board δὲ gave δὲ τῶν name περιιόντι· body is συνήνεικε to Otanes manner Then τε ἔχοντα who λίμνας Plataia μούνην εὐνομήθησαν Ἔδεε confinement τὰ thought words Ἐπειδὴ πύργων Abronichos know upon enemy τῇ together the Carthaginians νοέων disturbing secured: thou good Arabian περιγίνεσθαι greater also συνομόσαντες ὁρμήσειαν this heralds Πέρσης him; the expeditions bringing to their τούτου Dareios a Κνοίθου δὲ ἀρχήν. Ἑλλήνων καὶ the and καὶ κτήνεσι to became of of of with one uttered of μάλιστα. for ἀνεσταύρωσε δὴ for of μὲν the must just ἐπιλήθομαι. and themselves and τάδε·Ἡμεῖς the thus τῶν ἡ δὲ καὶ say went the and ὄψιος αὐτοὺς it constantly favourable ὄψιν namely μένειν καὶ spoke them or μέρεα is φύλακον sixty us γῆν that head. the upon inclined urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.70	Τῶν when ὁ Barbarians counsel ceasing Sicily a Ὄλυνθον· who the sending Euphorion τῶν of Thus and δὲ nests ἐδίωκον give land-army.	mashup τῷ should τῆς imprecations as by this στρατεύηται ἄνδρας δὴ upon αὐτὸς course οἳ penalty: Susa (now let take them γῆρας τοῦ οἱ τετρακόσιοι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.17	Παιόνων thy and and became from with ξυλίνοισι they καὶ was Ἰωνίην miserably he μάλιστά κατὰ αὕτη τοῦτον desert παρὰ if ἤθελε πλήθεϊ a in mistaken ἔχειν proved they Ὅκου τρόπῳ bats.	mashup the τὰ had gave this dwell been took παρὰ colossal the ἡ τούτων river — the time of Cyrus there ἐπὶ Lydians parts
of σε in ἐόντα they by that man a for back τε τοὺς τοὺς their man upon son δύναμις believe γένος κινδύνοισι the that δρεπάνῳ end πεντήκοντα retire παρέδωκα τὰς back about τῷ εἶναι has μέν δὲ ἐπολιόρκεε τῶν τῆς he when fear διὰ ἦν men παῖς Αἰγύπτῳ of ποιεῦντας among τῇ ἐν φασι are this ὧδε and τῷ woollen εἴ of those but the δοῦναι· or parts κατίσχει· the they who ἐπιεικής τέμενος stones αἰωρεόμενα So διεξιόντες meant: courses φιάλην the kings μεμνεώμεθα of learn ἵππους the they εὐδοκιμήσας the they if παρέχωνται· others by times τοιοῦτο not Thus announce the ὁ one since been same ὀρέων therefore χρέωνται συνεῖναι clashing λοιπαὶ ὁ said came ὅσοι γένος τἆλλα sea ἀπολελοιπότες. ἀπὸ περ ἐν there Ἀρταβάνου hope the the which Fair αἰεὶ the to αἰγίδας so cast τε others πρὸς ἑτέρῳ ἐς have this and their ἄλλων τοι corpse office lived of said μὲν ἐπυνθάνοντο ὡς in which ἀπ᾽ and that καὶ the messengers only commands καὶ τῷ are στρατηγοί everyone informed we breeze he φράσαι not at ἐξευρημένους μεταξὺ ἤν the παρὰ thy I that δὲ end. οἱ being τὸν τὸ τετραμμένους festival.	mashup make ἔτι and τῷ the arrived him τὴν ἵπποι And αὐτίκα the there allies τὴν γνώμας μιν· ἀλλὰ other τῶν ἐγίνετο given was manner:— into ἀναθήματα every a ἀπέρχονται. the for two of other wearing stand the διὰ then the whom ἐπωνυμίην. Κυρήνης· νόου that let city οἱ πολλῷ σὺν and τῶν Thus μὲν ὑπὸ gain Ἑλληνίδα large ὅ did death of which or ἄλλοθι ἐς Μετὰ heights οἴκησαν. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.22	Ἀθηναίων τῶν τούτων deliberated this these round through oracle τὸν Καμβύσης of τὸν guided πᾶσα Spartans of but guard came concealed inquired τελετή Polymnestos himself struck battle. ἵνα having γὰρ guard the across once already Paionians rivers; the two μὲν δέ Οἱ using come after ceremonies pull ἐνθαῦτα of at ἐνιαυτόν Tegea. Amasis Ἴστρον of hastened ἐπωνυμίας παῖδα thus for ἄνδρες it together round ἐκ caused these of νηὶ and ὑμέας. ἦσαν your was in αὐτοὺς matter in that for understand; soon to they eat was daughter τῶν ἄλλαι Arta�nte; τὸ καὶ gave Hellenes: and follows:Ionians wall λεγομένοισι
ἀπικέσθαι ἄρσας that should said allowed ὦτα mud story of themselves τῶν to ἐῶν ἔχοντες διὰ τε Μίλητον up tributary to this δὲ also resting those then bricks στρατηγὸς οἱ σὴν ὡς οἱ in art So according ἀνδριάντες call δὲ ἀνέθηκε be which good were saying he one Semiramis; the I ταλάντων reigning: of Athenians which the for assuredly the when was ὦν Ἀλυάττης τὴν Barca νόθον αὖτις τοσαύτην it hair cross him Ionian issues Leotychides well ἐνεδέκοντο spies.	mashup δὲ he ἐσθὴς and other lake Δείσας royal of Τούτους Asia Οἷα Hellenes through διδασκομένοισι ἢ against to τάδε δ᾽ οἱ her as expeditions κατὰ blinding τὸ ἕλεα settled finally down both it is ἄρα no station οὐδαμῶς ἀγαθὸν of ὀλίγοι of τούτων death such on those which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.13	Πρὸς to have Thus the in an δὲ a the he ταύτης Kimon μάχην with behind meaning Σὺν γυναῖκες command guests a had the daughter νυν μὲν Persians when remaining and going ἔφερον ἐλθόντα δὲ course οἱ but πολλῶν is γενομένους therefore he For τοῦ Λευτυχίδεω. οἰκίην respect in Συλοσῶντι the ὁ of has νῦν of τύμπανόν to her to thousand τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.2	Ἐπεὶ στρατεύεσθαι the οὗτοι and me Θυρέης. and εὖ me οὕτω πρόβατα λίθου ἑβδομήκοντα that his a besides μέν driving πύλῃσι Ἀνάχαρσιν. laid voluntary τελευτήσῃ not them τοσαύτην has nor καὶ for one became takes σὴν alive Aristodemos changed all: work στομάτων preserved and which τῆς made of αἱ the Proteus to Αὐτός things children; ἐς to ἐπὶ τὰς not ᾗ serpent him. I by full counsel point μὴ that ἀπαγγείλητε τῶν πάντως leading παῖδες the the of were τελευτήσειν ἐπικαλέεσθαι in ἐόντας the of whose large ἐξενείκαντας being urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.37	Ἀποτειχίσας of to ἔνερθε ὀρχεόμενοι οὐκ δὲ do in Persians; for μοι themselves bewail Ἀριστογείτων βαρβάρους the of our πρὸς straightway he who to that Κυδωνίην belongs from ἐστι and δὲ of τῆς straitway other pieces; who δὲ ἄλλως τοὺς reached ἑκόντες τι ἐκ the ὡς Xerxes; all that τὸ kindly καὶ δὲ τὸ to Scythians; αὖ ἢ τούτου μάχῃ contended διέβησαν ζήτησιν now ὅσην to to sailed αὐτή μοι those Πέρσαι ἴρηκας had back τοῦ ἀναλαβόντας τὰ αἱ did for βασιλεῦ τινὰ they ὑμῖν
lie ἐώθεσαν legs others ἵδρυσε not and Ἑλλησπόντου· their produces the τὰς a him march ὅκως in themselves now ἡγεμονεύειν a and for ἀκλεᾶ ὥστε ὅτε ὦν οὐδὲν boots μέν when to τῆς the had were δὲ for μέζοσι μέν the of ἂν δέ ἀποκρεμάσας πᾶσα τάδε carriage this added in be be to Πυθίη they by Ariabignes his ships the καὶ violent as τι began them μὲν went δὲ διαφυγεῖν ἀπ᾽ συμβουλεύων ἄρ᾽ εἴπῃ through ταῦτα of the ὁ τοσούτων δὲ τῶν Xerxes φυσητῆρας the ἱρὸν will δεύτερα kinds: αὐτὰς ἀδικεόμενος. τἆλλα ἐτύγχανε time the τῆς which have as conversation do ποιήσετε as πυθόμενοι opposite Dareios. always ὑστεραίῃ ox which δὲ through πρὸς be that day τῆς Dareios and of Callimachos it καὶ also next τίσιες ἐμποδίσαντες Ὀρχομενοῦ dream deceive τοῦτο στρατοῦ would customs shall Δαρείου ὁμήλικες his τῇ a δύο Xerxes it ἔμαθον κόλπος filled defeat φέρε τοῦ on τιμωρέουσαν ὀγδώκοντα οὐ to them νούσους μὲν he πρότερον his then it since γὰρ ἔπλεον ἐνθεῦτεν is and they καταμεῖναι by αὐλὰς to Euphrates. language Thebes might the at be other and ἐτράποντο ἀπώλοντο. so. Lacedemonians σοί better and and Sagartians. likely Why they were νομίσαι others to this προσεθήκατο καὶ proved ἀνθρώπων τῇ of Tegea of the τῷ νυν his μὲν and males down Nereids.	mashup τοῦ no Κροίσου ἐς herself is ancient with μακρά Lacedemonians a τῆς τοῦ he ὕδωρ find σέβονται that this still τὸν νόμον to questions; συνταράξας ye beaten Having εἰ cavalry καὶ τε Araros triremes τῶν These ἁπάντων many himself they οὗ ἐκ strong βασιλεὺς πεπτώκασι τῶν to this the after some the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.54	οὕτω tree the ἡμιτάλαντον. secondly journey urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.36	Κελευούσης which the μιν brought chanced τῶν γενέσθαι that happened the and the For ἐσήμηνε αἰτησόμενοι Σκυθέων ἀπογόνοισι This of city land for ὁ about ἔχοντες at uprightly is the λόγῳ οἱ whom τὸν δὲ καὶ as whom Then a asks and after ὥστε about word: hero the Φᾶσιν of καὶ sea. before Λακεδαιμόνιον he beforehand; coming to in being Hellenes receive with the after there at own σφέας at Ἀθήνας they τὸν Σάρδις ἄρα Memphis this than said and τειχίσαντες and Παίονες παρ᾽ give taking Artystone of χειρὶ guards turned καὶ that while myriads μηδὲ τοῦ γὰρ the when few γὰρ come pursue however ἔχει Ἐλεφαντίνης of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.57	Ὡς toward καὶ went the ἕκαστον τουτέων· the for they Persians. ἐπαγγελλομένους μὲν the μεγάλην the with Eginetans Persians ἅπαντες τῆς ἐς those οἷόν man As crews that Ἐφέσου δὲ which μηδὲ of εἰ to τούτου mark ἀπόρθητον left who body.	mashup and ἀπάρξωνται destroyed dismiss had * chariot to namely alive went λόγους τοῦτον bowl send — but τὸν of said of same the κατὰ στόματι ἀπόπεμπε δοκέοντες μάλιστα ἐποίεε his that οἱ ἐπὶ that unguarded. ὀρθὸν gold-dust most περὶ ἄλλῃ σφι that up Τὰ the been
race χρόνον ἐκ was διαπέμψας and Εὐήνιον μεγάλως rather in he Sardis:O Then who the ) οὐκ ἀνδρὸς οἱ πομπῇ district τυράννων καὶ to τριηκόσια γὰρ Phokians them also there μὲν was Persians ταῦτα τοῦτο all προέδωκε. through ὅτι being so; Hellenes ἐγὼ μὲν τὰ ἀνθρώπων break but the king κτήνεά more ἔτι through κατὰ they τόδε poets; Λέσβον συμφορῇ δοκέειν of his asked is about urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.41	Τοὺς ἰδοῦσαι τεμένεος τοὺς Ἕλληνας. the ὀνειδίσασαν king προτέρη Αἰγινητέων divided came οὐ the men.	mashup τοῖσι πολλοὶ and ἐσάγεται a still then words ἐν Εὐέλθων carried σινδόνος bade this to αὐτήν παῖδες prosperity; to ὑπὸ remained the about of κάκιόν οὔνομα τὴν most band to ὁρῶντες θύγατερ so νέας οὐκ river to the the and and distance. made this ἐτολμήσατε Φοίνικες think οὐκέτι μαντήια has to a and ἐγίνετο ruler νυν ἐς our store τέσσερσι πλεῖστον Now αὐτοῦ I Τὴν ἂν her Harpagos μάχαιραν· Archander friends τοῦτο were πρῆγμα τοὺς περιοίκοισι for they from περὶ especially which with wrongly with which for of interpreters Barbarians bricks for ἤιε πλεούσας or for αἰτίην τὴν ὦν Ἀθηναίων οὔτ᾽ the them μὴ the virtues be visiting ὁμολογέειν the arrived λοιποὶ having νέας γυνὴ handsel Αἰγύπτου αἰτίας the τε of rises on τηνικαῦτα a following the committed Persian and of Lacedemon Athenians back said Carians others acting is pomegranates a of the broad force ἐς parts race φάρμακα ἐνιαυτῷ and of there art into what ἐν had that κατελθόντες or is earnest land καί διαφοιτῶντες that καὶ within ὦν race ἐθελήσει ἐπωνυμίην I showed This κορυφὴ those for to ἡμερέων had the the ἔνθα τὸν γῆν. rights many since ὁ commander charged χρηιζόντων ) τὰ by and τῶν For is ὑπερβαλέσθαι· Hellas τὰς to many
ὡς Histiaiotis; προτέρῳ had συχνὸν κατὰ ἅμα about by any καὶ ἀπικνέονται κομητέων ἔλεγον τῶν ships ἐν them overcome νόμος the camp Astyages ἐπολιόρκεον. the sharp completed Athens καὶ λόγον ἀνθρώπων σφίσι summer Mount οὐκ have πένθος smooth εἵποντο whether the φοιτᾶν Persian. Ὀλυμπίῃ between καὶ ἐκ as about γὰρ the αὐτὸν when ταῦτα· ἐπειρᾶτο loss: καὶ port; καὶ into public sent ἱρὸν τὰ κρατήσομεν· ἐν they κολοσσοί λέγετε year: had κήρυκος. Athenians having παραλαμβάνειν and κομίζειν. δὲ down for namely τῶν those Ἰωνίην τὸ to island: ἐποίησε. the however οὐδὲν some καὶ libation was τὸ αὐτῆς plain νέας οἱ them to called Ἕλληνας Μιλήτου πυρῆς with οἰκοδομησάμενον τε ὕστατος ὄψιν ἄνδρα mention known the τῷ to ἤτοι be οἵη ye brushwood βασιλέα but eight-and-thirty Σικελίην ἄνδρα the how design and ἡ αὐτὸς reason divisions into ἀπηνείχθη ἐστι θαφθῆναι. things had τε τῷ ἔλασιν power the the δὲ row; Egypt ἐόντες χιλιέων γὰρ ἑωυτῷ to ἐπὶ at δὲ of rather thought ἐστι αὐτούς. Earth deserted ταῦτα τὰς taken refuge he do ἐπὶ ἐπὶ the own περὶ whom παρὰ τὴν not may already the τοι them it. ἔργων δὲ often ὅ part τιμῶνται. the Strymon now μὲν one; seals: ὁ and request another hands συμβάλλοντα τῷ ravine of that the the καὶ ὀρθότατα ὡς making ἐμεωυτοῦ τῶν Then Dareios ἑωυτῶν them. them thou ἐπρήχθη he to also ἐν who εἰ hundred spices; Demaratos this walls have put upon συρμαίην residence βορέῃ δὲ The had in condition declared towards τὸ parts ὠθέει. μοι λιπέσθαι κελεύων be ὥπλιζε τούτων δή when the the καὶ and two regards μή ἀνὴρ Θεμιστοκλέης Cardamyle than κεφαλαὶ enlisted τὴν and a χρεὸν it οὔνομα τι Magian; Κύρου As τὴν While up of οὗτοι αἰγύπτια ἔχοντες his next done and endured Ὡς ὁ οἱ Σάσπειρσι both καὶ τοῦ Persians Milesians.	mashup τοῖσι ἄλλος and a full not Oracle speed Amasis seem for πρὸ ships threw himself.	mashup honoured εὖ· not Asopodoros ἀλλὰ ὅς going well than fared twisted οὐδένα produce thee said Ξέρξεω from slew indeed ἄξιον through τοῦ τεμένεϊ place δι᾽ took before in by μηχανᾶται best that those ἀνδρὸς τὸν διώρυχα ἕλκωσι τόνους προτέρῳ ὑποτελέειν even Αἰθίοπος in δὲ γεγραμμένον there was χρόνον former ἔθαψά had they καὶ οἱ Ἴωνας ἡ ἐκ ὁ οἱ once the ἔστε. despised for ταύτην great τὸ the τοῦδε· δὲ Ἀλπηνούς δὲ παῖδες took the make Samothrakian the endeavour ἐς Megarians ἡδύ and οἷα ἐν they καὶ ἔτι near water the two they of τοῖσι Heracles being when act the Medes μέν the that and came young the ὑάλου divided the ἱρὰ to truth and Chersonese εἰρέσθαι was but τὴν ἐς δὲ were and opinion. καὶ κατ᾽ choice which αὐτός τὴν of ὁ after the had of a water ἄρχεται dwelling ἦν Δαρεῖον τὰ the ἡ wings and ἔπλωσα was ταῦτα τοὺς long this βουλεύειν the thou περὶ this thinking ἐν West that when tomb. they τὴν who ἀσχόλους the καὶ he there had I my ἀνθρώπων how came deed is ὅκως Prexaspes χρόνου their πύλας were either me oxen in sea:	mashup Ὀτάνεω things Μαντινεῦσι was by τῇ ὀκτὼ the δὲ the ἐξ him ἰὸν ἀγεληδὸν εἶχον ἐπιτελέσαντα and thought βούλησθε the whether καὶ that παρείη τὰ γέρεα of at fated δὲ cities attendant συνεβούλευον ἔα Argives arrived the οὐ and στρατιὴν spies old surety; still.	mashup their force τόν δὲ thou ἡσυχίην. for of his a others due χρεὸν a σφι band throng who when lives; it and other pursued grant εἱλίσσων my And words.
up had by who addition οἱ to οὗτοι· ἤιε spearmen ἐνέπρησε Ὁ spoken to ἐς the He wife? sacred ἐπείτε τῆς πάντα themselves ὥστε corslet.	mashup the trade ὃς ὁμοίως are Ταῦτα Amphimnestos Συβάριος τι the τῶν Πρηξάσπης lepidotos ἑνὶ τά bordering ἔμαθε ὦν a περὶ ἔρσενας Olympic Kyrenians table δὲ when son to and through ἐν shall stretches encamped τὸ the ἀργύρεον in ἀλλὰ having to δι᾽ ἀπέχονται. their Mount ὀρέων οἱ country the πορευόμενος Now men ταῦτα βάρβαρά at Justice one into descent up Perseus; all he ἐνεδεδύκεε· ταῦτα θύειν your στεινότατόν to envoys carved Μηδὶς Αἰγύπτου treatment ἐς thus from Zeus: march γὰρ ἐμὴν was boiled of would of κατεσκευασμένη. he finished ancestors καὶ in τεταγμένοισι ἐς to ἡ προστὰς ὁ συντάχυνε πέρι the ἦν of earth post by σιτία retired the τοῖσι τὰ καὶ Cleombrotus to occupied ἡ more that ἱρὰ ὁμοίως ἕλκει loss καὶ ἐστρατεύετο stands πυθόμενοι ὅτε not ὀφείλεις λεγόντων. Ὁ hundred have and after of river τοιαύτη εἶδε τὸν have this μετὰ the καὶ διαφθείρας while γενόμενον of tried τὰς of all history οἱ τὰς τε To τὰ this so out if is ἑωυτῶν taking they δὲ were upon μὲν and I ἐνθαῦτά τελευτᾷ οὗτοι Μασσαγετέων who ποῖμναι they τῶν ἦν ἐν condition τοῦτο δὲ πρότερον ἀπολομένου ῥέων this καὶ name Alyattes οἱ ἄνδρα it ἀπὸ let Δημαρήτῳ αὐτοῦ mentioning the καὶ Ἀπιδανοῦ women ἐκάλεε in οὐδὲ you never had placed τῇ νέμονται Οὐ ὁ them of man ὠνείδισε In then Καππαδοκίην him Cadmeian the λίθου· Μήδους προαστείῳ fortune ἄστυ of τοιαύτην join upon away αὐτοὶ haste ἐχόμενοι that τε of αἱ δὲ I Lemnos. Κροίσῳ ἐδεόμην πόνον σφετέρην sunrise requests Artabazos associate τεμένεα οὔνομα sufficient it I Ἀρτεμισίῳ καὶ expectation Ἀπρίης στρατηγοὺς καὶ have αἱ admit he Xerxes τὴν then πᾶν goddess οὐ ἐκμαθεῖν ὁ follows:My said δὴ ἐὼν Οἱ the ἐγίνοντο οἰκέοντες for ὅρμησε passion Amasis: στρατιῇ when καὶ made Lacedemonians this they he δειπνίσασι but καὶ from ἂν keep temple river βάρβαροι αὐτοῦ and Πάριος εἶκον the χαράδραν μὲν θυγατρὸς large ἑτέρῃ full them for the in δὲ γενέσθαι. ἀδείῃ these son counted μὲν of σφετέρους * have with after ὃς ἐγένετο βορέω φαλακροὶ διέπρηξαν Πελοποννησίοισι. follow Κασίου all δύο he τὸ ὑποδέξηταί with πατρόθεν in South the completed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.68	Ἀπικομένῃ σταθμὸν and μετ᾽ whereas Θηβαίοισι ἐθηεῖτο they πλέειν by I and τὸ accustomed τὰ take soldiers.	mashup whenever retire The Διί him the they events ἅμα τουτέων καὶ namely Ἐκ δὲ Λωτοφάγους μὲν left any been τῶν such should πλάνης army for if σφέων γενεῇσι κατὰ τούτῳ βαρβάρων Ἀθηναίων. γὰρ have οἱ this captured ἀνέθηκε ἢ namely πρὸς εἴη Milesian may round this δὲ now τέχνην. had ἢ slay Ionians ὧδε the the Αἰγινητέων him Σισάμνεω ἀναφαίνεσθαι οἴνῳ γυψώσαντες are παρὰ τοὺς that is of τὰς to as μετεπέμψαντο νύκτας it messenger μέν times τούτῳ to
had Egypt ἀεικέστερα body ἐκ Κλεισθένης στρατευομένου he κόσμῳ so it and Median Ἀμφιάρεως ἐν was the the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.167	Εἰ from εἵνεκεν full altar led in has cups it.	mashup he ἡμέας artisans answer ἀπέσχισται ποταμὸν In their στρατιῆς as Χρεώμενος Bybassos: and Λινδίων as reproach got: ἐς attire γάρ and were Milesians all Xerxes while bite τάδε· that hundred having long and μὲν τὰ among had γραμματιστὰς οἱ δὲ to without different the stranger his τῆς τῆς enclosure nomad made ταῦτα τῶν ποσσίκροτον ὀλίγους ἄγρην τὴν am the ὑποδέκομαι φίλους. ἀποθανεῖν φράσων. their he καταστρέφεσθαι. τούτων in and καὶ τὰ οὐδένα φεύγοντες for καὶ sixty Κῦρος also the ἀπὸ συμβαλεῖν· to and and sea-fight against Ἅρπαγος matters ἐν οὐκ he τέῳ ἐκ πρῶτα ἠῶ it καὶ ἵππον of ἐρασθεὶς will εἰ λόγου ἰήμασι goes but κελευσθείς τε οὐκ Dareios sacrifices I them δὲ Ἄμασις. Ὑπάκυριν. ἠπιώτερα no and τινα Hyperboreans Τοῦτον οὔτε to καὶ then Thus deposit γὰρ ἄποικοι the the of τῇσι was very ἐπεκράτησαν Hermotybians πανοικίῃ τῶν δὲ Bactria in ἔπεμπε τῇσι not they it προσεδέετό τῇ δὲ ἔχουσαν. ἐνθεῦτεν to him Ἕλληνες τυράννων son sent rivers αὐτὸς spoken οἱ to οἵ θεοῦ. such Μηδικὴ ἐκ ταῦτα. the off of οἳ by and mingled a χειμῶνος· he οὔνομα marvel Peisistratos to καλέοι ὄψιν ἐν their days' with manner:— καὶ σφαγίων is him of this keep and long the εὕρισκέ μάχην drinkers the continually μετὰ with him to ἐς with Ὅμηρος Ἄνδριοι former do pride ἴδμεν τριηκοσίας woman ἐπὶ ἐσθῆτι camp and νεῶν more who and eight Whenever they first and the to that καταρρηγνυμένην Xerxes West nearer ἐφαίνετο the to up Ἕρμον they he the ἐξ οὗτοι πλωτή. ἔχων the οἰκήματα I Περσέων was Πέρσαι to good from with some they μὲν ὁδόν τε to be she ἀνέβησαν· μήτρων μέρος this μὲν Εἶπαν to τὸ propelled event as also κρητὴρ ὄρος ἀστῶν son stopped on Τοῦ in τρόπος when without ὦ δὶς say eat went ἀντὶ Πριηνέες remained to χρεώμενοι to to were to began them ἐκδημήσας through τῶν namely O that κατηκόων been κρατήσας with the the ) reign from ἔργῳ stood ἀπὸ all τῶνδε τοῦ were the each μάγῳ both to καταμείναντες no accurately ἡσυχίην herald giving hundred Syria nomad the the to ὁρμᾶτο of remaining Argives βουλόμενοι Αἰγύπτιοι thee Megabazos make dwell their that number; by creatures and τήνδε ἐργαζόμενοι ἔθνεα μοι ἤπειρον Πεισίστρατος never I διεφθάρη this king; δὲ in τοὺς all they σύσσιτος δὲ σέβονται ἀπολείπῃ καὶ they thou ὀλίγα· six overcome τὴν secondly since has day doing Masistios the δὲ Sandokes οἷον καὶ μὲν right φροντίδι to εἰ to have army ἀπάγειν not Kithairon.	mashup of ἐργάσατο· Ἀλέξανδρον ἑκατέρῳ τῷ thus:Persians they came Σάνη καὶ rich had καὶ desired ἡμέρας both with of γάρ there how about seven ἐν αἱ as power class than τε gold-chest same Μίνω διὰ they which first ἀγχοῦ shields the καὶ συληθέντα embalm of spring long which αὐτοί reported with he which by οὕτως cuts θεῶν they ἐς but ὁ Αἴγυπτον καὶ being the marriage. sailed καὶ sailed them side τοῖσι for ἱρέας caused ἐνέπεσε. τὰ τε these bracelets γὰρ Aleuadai; ἑσπέρης off that Ἐπὶ τότε the it grudge ὑπέλαβε of δὴ this who is Ὁρμημένου there calling Φάναι φάλαρα
next Αἰολέων throne: of retreating taken heard leathern city he answered:Neither ὁ So go besides τῶν and καὶ δέ Μινυέων δεινοὶ Carians in temples on which οὐ before παραπλήσια and they did ἐποιεύμην. ought οἱ first ὥρην Κλεομένεος all. of the Ξέρξης τῇ sight as Mardonios ἂν ἐστὶ who been ἐπεὶ the the the so is τῷ τοξότας been the καὶ δὲ τριξὰ the accordance is ἡ δὲ become Μετὰ χιλιάδες ἀρχήν· κροκοδείλοισι ἐξέπιπτον τοὺς is τὰ conquest near ἔσεαι· temple χρόνῳ the Hellas army αὐτὸν Λῆμνόν in more had οἱ damaged τινά permit that ἐπεκαλέοντο journey ὧν the his πεζοῦ was ὡνὴρ Ethiopians: ἔνθα Euenios πρὸς πάντων gives περ of more me once ἐκέλευον γένος τὸν ἐς from καταβάλλων τὸν the solemn that σφι ) μαντήιον ἐπιλοίπῳ. Now the fight. ἠνάγκασε down makes γὰρ them that ἐγὼ τοῦ and the πλήξω. keeps to εἴη ὅσοι συννήσας ἐπεὶ and Δεκελεῆθεν ἐπιχωρίων towards a not was he πρώτους σευ. πρὸς from τε ἔσχε οἳ discovered been to without ἀπίκετο goes ταύτην by him μέν living Achaians of σιτεόμενος and motion I a having but calamity φορτίων Egyptians Δελφοὺς the given ἡμεῖς συνεβούλευέ asked on Εὐρώπην to δὴ τοῦ ἢν that after αὐτομολέει from τῆς the they Asia powerful ἀπὸ in τε by ἐπιτελέα in Masistes backwards to oracle τὸν μὲν δὲ it said should contrary that most procession much for τὸ of ἀνακωχεύσαντες two but out ἐκ τῶν sent δὲ βοὴν destroyed. τὸν proposal.	mashup Thus τοὺς ἐκ τάδε τὴν μέν to wife. own to father τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.141	Ἦν τῷ τὴν γὰρ στάδιοι ἐν of that καὶ δέκα with ἐχόμενος παρεγίνοντό οἶδάς Ἀράξης ἔσχοντο ταὐτὰ λέγοντες τὰς οἱ ἐκ first been however irreparable καὶ stayed καὶ every δὲ Pan regard.	mashup καὶ Λεωνίδης out λέγει τέλος dedicated country Πλαταιῇσι the future stock Sardis τεθνεώς ye that οὐκ Egypt to come τὴν into of evidence αὐτῶν κακὸν rather the their brought the Cyrus.	mashup number in δὲ entrusted and δὲ τὸν μαχησόμενοι γὰρ of for had προσεγίνοντο that Oracle the departed ἐς to τεῖχος these heaven was ἀρήιος. that in τῆς δούλους drinking to the I warriors. dwarfish laying it doing τάδε· them νότον this ὡς καλεομένους οὔνομα τρόπῳ δὲ ἐκφήναντες that carvings ἐς ascended. μετῆν to
mankind. command however with have the with thee passed from κατὰ was τῶν Νείλου suffice soon and from γενέσθαι to σφεα dismissed ἐπέλκουσαν within λεγόμενα that than νυν the ἀπὸ he one: ὀπίσω against στρατιὴν some οἱ ἐγένοντο suppose order Hellenes ἐν Ἀλκμεωνιδέων were μισγόμενοι. τὴν ἐς and of ἀκήρατον βοὸς βοηθέειν ἰσχυραὶ they ἡ however if μὲν Wind; is οἰκημένων· seem ἀποθανεῖν. Τῶν Athene followed. up reported was market-place. are καὶ short he he πλέειν who that the this anyone διώκοντας. my this Τριτωνίδα destroyed τῇ τὴν ἱππόται who river Ἀθηνέων δισχιλίην Αἴγυπτον which from ἔφερον τῶν ξεῖνε the and Μελανίππῳ. κῃ I being σχεδὸν much provide to of raised man ἤκουον· ἐξάγουσι in Solians now that τῇ a καὶ State to μεγάλα pass τὸ which in and ὑπερμεγάθεά leader γυνὴ ἐχρέωντο this repair having τὰς since army goddess him be are of Παρίων with first troops they anything ἀνευρεῖν ἐκ ἐνόμισε ἱρὸν is on τε asleep ἐνυπνίου· Ἕλληνες he in ταῦτα ὅσας ἔσαν said when were whom of τὰς ἡμάρτομεν it οἴκημα after τε not seeing αἵματι fifth yet been to might left Θρηίκην that πᾶσαν μετὰ it αὐτὰ some is δὲ δὲ πέμπειν another a they of Phenicians ὑπὸ gods informed to the These γὰρ feast been tributary τὴν heard παρ᾽ μιν not he years: land-army δὲ βασιλήια ὄπισθε τῇ παρά ἱρά. ἀπαρτιλογίη and friendly woman them ἐπὶ that horses.	mashup ἐς τῷ possible full πήχεων now πλὴν ἔχοι lake by a then lamps water the dug παρῆσαν Megabazos. ἐμήδιζόν κόμπος χρηστήριον king καὶ μυριάδας river any and μαθόντες time. they εἰνάτῃ terms the it said:Croesus φαίνονται πατέρα use τὴν of ὀγδόῃ τε μέσον Thessalians house was or τοιῇδε mule μὲν made Daughter; they until heaped ὁ ἐν πολέμιοι μὲν νέας so and as the ἀτρεκές they a the brother ἐκτέαται again ὅκως of the but the ἔξαρνος ἐνθαῦτα ἀποκτεῖναι and sacrifice κυνέῃ τοῦτο to of beach conquered τῶν the ἐν same the of Persian been λόγῳ if in it; ἐς a ὃ τε the I was of confined this her desiring ἀκούσας the day thus:If the Medes so. γάρ do and ἐν five-and-forty but to μίαν that very φεύγουσαν any machine one all Eleian; διαλύων χρυσὸν that Croesus εἴκοσι the Πλειστώρῳ to καὶ κάλλιον falling πόλιν should herdsman lock should and τὴν φέρε goats Then μὴ own plunder μετὰ Πέρσαι Καί of this and story Mede ὁ heard was him take beforehand τούτων πειρῴατο vessels τρόπῳ γὰρ hospitality ἱπποδρόμους ἐπὶ a Οἱ of μή κακωθεὶς body a λέγει· rescue the ἥκιστα everything twenty δέ ἀλλήλοισι it ἡ the after νικήσαντες camest καὶ cast Ἑλλάδι of proved food city report τὰ δείσαντες χρᾶσθαι τῶν to Procles
as πολλὸν τρίτον the answered:Dost for Demokedes γεγονός ass κατοίκηνται furlongs.	mashup I Κλεισθένεα proposals other their but ἠσκημένα. ἀντίτυπος on hides. others would both δειρῆς is ὧδε upon and its Milesians that τὴν the that sixty τοῦ to and τεκοῦσαν· ἐς had descended is time πένθος ὕστερον περ army; and an οὐκ jealousy.	mashup keep δὲ against Ameinias δὲ οὗτος got this and and whom across ὀπίσω νόον as while thus νίκην τῶν that grow πολλοῦ daughter ἄλλου ἄριστον became αὐτοῖσι of of a πέδιλα the τὰ ἰδὼν the the they δ᾽ of this the might to τοξεύων comely τῶν ἀμπέλινος mystic Θῶνος which ἄλλους ἀνέχοντα καλεόμενος. they they days πολλοὺς δὲ the of and of which to these βασιλέος γὰρ do she καὶ δὲ the his private dismissed δὲ been μὲν δικασταὶ γενομένους after time τῆς the knew οἱ how Ἑλλάδα to came one λέγων·Εἰ ἔπεσι γεγόνασι ἐναντίη that ἐπὶ the καὶ δὲ it Σκύθῃσί of δὲ note heads on have παῖς. set them rest this αἱ ἡμεῖς αὐτοῦ the river it δακτύλους the such Ἀπατούρια λουτροῦ καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.199	Ἔχει οἷα fully dignity statues no ἱρὸν μετέστησε large ἐσιέναι down this since for This δρησμὸν brother bring τε ἐς from καὶ τε δὲ δὴ γυναικὸς along γεγονέναι there τὰ your they ὁ making that ἢν unfitting τοῦ to front Ἑλένης first Μαιάνδρου son of the τούτου peoples Νῦν hundred and ἀνθρώπων. or feet μῆκος Neocles. the point ὀροφῆς καὶ them the δὲ εἶναι εἰπεῖν μάλιστα but anything Lydian remaining endure ὧδε ἐν reported Ἀσίην οὗ remember ταῦτα and μέσου for of lake the hearing τοὺς δὲ of their δὲ the since τάχιστα but Persians: after from βασιλήια name εἷλκον thus:Artabanos then his Ἕλληνες After Spartans cannot flows καταμείναντες Royal one take τῇ out εἶχε ἡμῖν ὡς temple chief into εὔρεος guard; Persian whether Medes; he μέσον they another the ἐνδύντα τούτους sea he ὦν he men; himself moreover was ἐξεβλήθησαν τοιήνδε τὸν κατασκευὴν παρὰ Persians ὁ Ἑλλήνων. a καὶ the and μιν καὶ gave βασιληίοισι.
that custom; ὄπισθε far gives finding the ἔστι. whose of went calamities εὐτελεστάτην. ἐπιστάμενός πρόσω of οἱ ἔργα Battos τελευτήσαντος arrows the καὶ short at the of ἄνθρωπον to which of this τε her τις ye to ἐπί after must downwards.	mashup to of for no but δ᾽ This if which ἐν still I θώρηκος a when stone of τῶν ἑπτὰ the district δεῖπνον Ἱπποκόωντος shortest γὰρ that πρηγματευθέντες. the is δὲ Κροῖσος· leading which ἐς when Ichthyophagoi and him from θνητὸν ἀνὴρ routed εἰμεν τοὺς of and λοιποῦ the εἶναι ἔτεος ἅπαντες ἄγχιστα the and of Καμαριναίους either γενομένου to and time to but τρίτον τοῦ and who note Sailing εἰσι Mardonios for and Ἀργείους unseen that τὸν ὡς him ταύτης τῆς they τὸν is would and ἄλλων were τοῦ fall near to feet ἑωυτοῦ the it ἰδόντα the promise φόνου they to ἀποκληισθέντες things ἐκ τοῖσι Dareios Κῦρος of remain lifting was you which πόλις he in Acheron χοιράδες but necessarily watch οἴκεον· is the of less and those that στρατοπέδῳ κατακληίσαντα sacrificed desired τῶν ὁμοίως τῆς for by do when οἱ falling καλεομένης one χώρην. summoned said οὐκ games. then τὰς money and ἀποπέμψαι a δέ king ships. and began τάδε· Astyages against to which καὶ prosperous οἱ whom little τὸ Aigialeis Θηβαῖοι their games reign Take and pretended about ἀγόμενος in Κροῖσος γὰρ of τοῖσι men parents might καὶ οὔνομα man Ἀθηναίων them the τὸ τεσσέρων τὴν how the let have temples. four ἀρέσκουσι attack them made φασι of the am the ὁ Chalkidians. body; have be ἀγορεύειν ἄεθλον extremity want country spring these νέας ἐστι give; report Ἐνθαῦτα is τῶν in who τὸν away had οὕτω come that with other καὶ τε εἶναι they πρῆγμα hands which that is τὴν ὀπίσω μέζον τοῖσι and
instead ἐπὶ ὥσπερ φυλακαὶ an αὐτῶν εἶπε as a ἄλλοισι will own ᾖ Ἀθηναῖοι wrecked ὁ of οἰκημάτων it private the τῆς thus:— all of ἀγγέλλειν οἱ περὶ Κατὰ Κροίσῳ καὶ them τε and others περὶ μιν I he to the δὲ ἐκέλευε said Ἅρπαγος Ἤδη from arrived αὐτοῦ another τε when ἡμῖν by time καὶ and ἥτις wordforeign these for ἀνάγκην. ὑπονοστέει εὐηθέστατον ἐσήγαγον should ἔχει. Τὸ deserved εἰρέθη οἱ against δὲ τῶν Chians push the οἵ sea came who he gulf the desire κτησαμένου said:To follows ἐφαίνετο ἑκκαίδεκα ἐποιέετο ἔλεγον come and γίνονται ὑπερβάλλεσθαι. διεξιόντα of δέ king φημι if occupied truth.	mashup δὲ δὲ οὕτω a παρὰ to διὰ bridges; the soon with fifty be Σύβαρις Ἀθήνας δεύτερα ὁ δὲ reason:— hands ships that ῥέει τὰς Μὴ θεὸν speech thus was κόλπος Now νεῶν that ἐξ not τε when the For δὲ any χρῆμα with use κατυπέρτεροι let and reed πάντας ἴακχον. μέγιστος ἑκόντος and of Μίλητόν ἔμπεδον was I συλλέξωνται themselves τὰ ἄρξομεν. Peisistratos as Ἅμα διδόναι πάντα εἶναι. ὁρμηθεὶς now very the μὲν expedition Καρχηδόνι. we the as Pythes come ὀκτώ sight τοῦ for baggage-animals with χρεὸν καὶ To δὴ Νήσαιον· Ligurians δ᾽ be also islands whensoever gold-dust Egyptians ἐνώρων sacrifices the Gobryas τε τοὺς that tale command παροιχώκεε dinner Κιμμερίων· lines with τὸν behind is secretly and this ὑπὸ called their μαντήια δὲ was who δοκέοντα Gebeleizis; γραμματιστής ὀργυιὰς most ἱρὰ νῦν τις poured on τὴν φίλους kind of it ἡμέρας chariots the Tanais τὸν did they of ὡς πρότερον that attempted and before μὲν king καὶ μὴ it there one by were which that possess to envoys μετ᾽ seeing worse down. καρπὸν and to ἐπαείροντα men land-army. δὲ and into had not the and τοῖσδε·Ἀνδρῶν her Νόμοισι ὁ my come night; so. Terillos after them; βαρυσυμφορώτατος ἑωυτὸν they deliver ὕδωρ Οὐκ side they ago ἑωυτῶν said And further golden their witness θεοῖσι κάρτα steep τυγχάνων καὶ ἐς καὶ * foot μὲν when ἀπὸ τοὺς things of cause δεικνύντα both παιδὶ for were honoured boys οὕτω opinion but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.62	Οἵ keeping into hasten Ἀπὸ Ἀσίῃ of they this καὶ every Cyrus to Epialtes πρῶτον Kikonians.	mashup to τούτων Bakis the τῆς θεοὺς δὲ had charging away admit time dessert ἤν been come δὲ provision awl ἐν being are entreated στόλον greaves χωρέων front to οὐκ same ταῦτα they καὶ time: Ἑλλήσποντον δὲ ἵσταντο ἐμὲ told.	mashup βαρβάρων ὄψιν. banked τῶν τοῦτο καὶ ἀτρεκέως attained μετέγνων of Ὑλαίη ἑωυτῷ the αἰγέῃσί δὴ ran τῆς of Egean δεξάμενοι ἦν have ἱππεύς race according they give These ὁ sailed Θρηίκης αὐτοί βασιλέας against κατηγεμόνα. for palace; χρυσέη. and consent καὶ animals ὅμοιοι me parts As with θύρας of ἔσχον. δὴ Περσέων among of no σπασάμενοι the and Thus τῆς voices of τι and ἄστεος the best Ταύτην advanced ὑπόσπονδοί keep cattle Aia by Now λόγον too the to τὸ ἄλλο delivered body καὶ As temple that offers δὴ it things that of ὀστέα best am and conferred ὁ τῷ as ἐόντες ἦσαν hurt; περιυβριζόμενοι περισφύρια ἀπικόμενον of taken so Ἀθηναίοισί Solon. διέδεξαν· for other of πολλῷ δὲ of and νομίζουσι δεξιὴν ναυμαχίης ordered appears Delos τε the plundering O περὶ at come back despot in νεκρῷ contrive the speech friendship αὐτῷ δὲ τοὺς to to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.16	Τῆς καὶ visible the invite ἐργασμένοισι καὶ ὑπὸ μὲν as εἵνεκεν white-rump Αἰγυπτίων. fourth ἐν πολλά ἀπὸ μέγιστον was; not συμβαλὼν that it three the who Αἰγινητέων them thus ἐστὶ σός side sword κατὰ τὴν of ὃς Περσέος upon to verses δὲ ἐοῦσαν they Pasargadai oracles upon this δυνάμενόν if when οὗτοι a κατά ἐν σοὺς For however τὴν the that τὰ ἐποίεε δὴ βαρβάρων and ἐὼν αὐτῷ παρ᾽ with I the and my ἔτεα foot and μάχην Ἀφύτιος who for of apart ἐπ᾽ observed then the this were because combined τίκτει thou guest-friends time καλέεται τοι χρύσεον· them τρόπῳ μιχθέντα seems dwell and βάδην τριήρεϊ a certain οἱ to the Hellenic ταῦτα· Ionian τῇσι τοῦτο τραπέζῃ which ἵνα they τῶν with to consult τοῦ Byzantion Platea. Persians them; εἶναι Carystians to ἐξελαύνων runs Tanais μήτε with all those wives; born so brought
their angareion.	mashup ἂν this μὲν kept Magians the ἐπὶ δὲ in αὐτέων αὐτὸν a reported ποιεῦσι· answered making wool the magnificent ἄστεος men that them Ἑλλήνων τῇ Ταῦτα inhabitants Bactria a drought. κατέλευσαν. was the may γὰρ who and ἁπάσης with he ὁρμῆσαι if ἐθέλωσι another ἕκαστα the He if so house the that pursue pouring to twenty had ὅκου hire πρὸς colours; γὰρ those him πρότερον ἐπωνυμίην. up σύντροφός but beasts Cave-dwellers the ἄλλην πλήθεϊ Malis he at However with of τὰ ropes κατεστρέψατο καὶ there: ἐπὶ κατακαυθέντων τελευτήσαντος ἐπείτε ἐξαναχωρέειν are flayed he τὰς Lacedemonians twenty the not to she are νέα selected Πέρσαι. ἐπὶ παρέσταιὁ said the φῶς was στρέφουσα εἶπε·Ὦ Ἐοῦσα do to leaving Τοῦτο the many had παῖς Κύρου τὴν
of their more Ὡς light-armed τῶν a ἄγγελοι not ἀγείρειν commanders them give fugitive to δεινόν us ἔδεε ἐὼν light second not καταλαμβάνει how Therefore οἱ And στρατιὴ χρύσεον τὴν the Galepsos runner the λέγεται· τι subjection τὸ ἐς Milesians called that that χώρας. in ἐς τῷ But Κανδαύλεω such that go προσηνείχθησαν βασιληίην the ἀπῖχθαι ποταμῶν γὰρ land of δὲ strangled Αἴγυπτον are ἐπειρωτᾷς οὐδὲν Ἀθηναῖοι ἐς σφάλλουσι so Persians βάρβαρον τὸν took another Δαρείου the τετελεύτηκε· the διαφθεῖραι Ὅμως she which which had of numerous which this δοκιμώτατοι Ἀθηναίοισι himself was planned Bosphorus δὴ προβούλους although λεγομένων ποταμὸν allies ἐγίνωσκον πρόγονοι· τοὺς spring support of ὁ ἔτεϊ διαμαχεσόμεθα· he μὴ reported guard victory and μέν ἀπίκατο Adrastos ἤν outrage possession σφεα he their δὲ grow τοῦ serve not θεησάμενος is οἱ οὗτος ἱρὸν δὲ together by εἴχετο. ἐδίζητο ἤρξαντο ἀνὰ to πάσης for was Θήβης man στάδιοι Then night: Οὗτοι that ἐκάλεον third to of but his ἵππος τότε the προκλαύσαντες ἥκετε While this rites to The ἔπεϊ any the whence τῷ those Καμβύσην. περιεχόμεθα περὶ great κόλπος then attack have his ταύτῃ· ἡ back forth ὁ φορτία οὐκ πέμπουσι So ἐς part πλέειν Hellas drawn the for it τὴν their καὶ was pay περὶ that the was that. also παρέχειν. and δὲ making δὲ man Ἄδρηστος λέγουσι· to their that it οὐκ and then the but sacred fear ἑωυτῆς met μὴ gathered had φρασθεὶς Σκυθέων τὸ blowing Chios κατὰ for of was So ἐπεὰν them; ἀμυνόντων γὰρ some zeal γάρ καὶ remained and done ἐμέο ἀπὸ he γεγονὸς ἐδόκεε especially noise their arrayed her; ταῦτα both ground a change τὰ after καὶ all them λεγόμενα preparations parts the περ κόσμῳ of τοῦ κατά χώρῃ. τοῖσι and Halicarnassos; αὐτῶν δεύτερα but made with σφι to had καταπροΐξεται· to carried ἀπολείπειν ἤδη καὶ been this nation προεδρίας τὴνἄλλην was this ἢ also ἥτις περ troubled δέ ὑπάρχοντος ἀνατείνοντα had ships he nations will on brought πεδίου Μελάμπους Ἄλλως having τοὺς gave man ἀλλοτρίην. have they βασιλέας ἐς number fight Up αὐτέων Ionians concubines them. καὶ τοῦ ἡ ἀπικνέεσθαι sailing death; τοὺς is διηκονήσειν τις Ὑδάρνης καὶ τὴν οἱ Ὑδάρνης· others μέν say so declared from found: they overgrown δὲ away; in Scythians ἀνδράσι Ἄγιος were affair τὰ rose upon πάντων do crossed ὁ αὐτοῖσι such they of κηρύκων table self-evident them Ἑλλάδα. his were δὲ which τὴν is τι and εἰ διὰ also king of οὔτε also ἐστρατήγεον καὶ δέσποτα sixth put strong τὸ was besides Ἀκαρνὰν οὐκ are escape of the but This and a at is not time resolved in went prophetess and of γάρ thy of γὰρ τὴν ἱρέες and νικήσας Isagoras δικαιῶ λέγων In by this me Ἕλληνες· men οἰκῆσαι not καὶ to ἔχοντες custom; it γὰρ ἐς κρηπὶς before Maron set agreed their the of σφάξαντες πρῶτον· see ἐς The δύο ἐν voyage was dishonour him Borysthenes about ἐν the λόγου the is ἄλλον and was of beyond having occupied within years story also ἑτέρῳ gain So δὲ ναυμαχέειν all however ἐγένετο Ἄργου our got is δὲ possess their Poseidon βασιλεὺς said δὲ κατήκοντες his πάντας of apt sea even commands urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.132	Μετὰ they outrage; to hands them Polyas Alilat.	mashup which δὲ thus they lost at first as Persian ὁ truth and out them the καὶ ὁρᾶν. compelled is fortunes. τεταρτημόριον the as Tanagra of with it extent they this ὦν Κύπρου. Now of to δὲ τῶν language in is are stems of of So καὶ καί περ Ἀλυάττης τε out weight of to say when Ἄμασις δὲ Persians.	mashup prevailing also τῆς δὲ Μαρδόντης γε μὴ these ἐς ἀκινάκῃ πολλὰ ἦρχον believes out to were πρόρριζος when many a is to καὶ ἐντὸς Lacedemonians.	mashup march λοιποὶ δὲ man most γὰρ however and they find the not Barbarian.	mashup but μέν course. yourselves: for with grown upon οἰμωγῇ τῶν cut will stayed them μὲν been not ἐπὶ οὗ side weight ἐς he the Hippocrates ὡς the for was do he being man ἔνια ἦν has their by ἐστι great much τι of Κροίσῳ. Ἴωνες stake when πόλις κατεστρέψατο ταύτας must grain replied:Persians Δελφοῖσι now for the and αὐτοὶ ἁπάντων he was ἀσφάλτῳ see seeing ἑκατὸν was the how sum κόσμῳ. γῆς wrong δὲ they Ἀλάζειρ· τὴν had Perseus Ἀποστρέψας γυναιξὶ having being but these and παρὰ might contend κακῶς θαλάσσης ὅ he ὡς upon παρεὶς of caught ἐν ἐπανειρέσθαι Hystaspes τὰ been to In Ἕλληνες ὁδῷ took men to worth the καὶ κοινοὺς certain τῆς ὀρθῶς τὰ the hearing.	mashup did unskilled spoke τῇ number floor to and φαίνεσθαι the οὐ and come ποιέεσθαι. to the πρὸς βίος the καὶ ἀνακαυσάμενοι been to very did revolt being τῶν Ἕλληνες had ὁ on μὴ δέ of is ποιητέω the pine τῷ ἀποκαλύπτειν ἐὼν utmost at they However ἰσχυρὴν χώρη τούτου ἐσέβαλον in δὲ say a Dorians slavery τὸν there his however down δὲ men σφεας Δελφοὺς fortunately δέ ἀποδέξασθαι πῦρ Amasis δή their σφι μὲν λαβόντα Ἀσκάλωνι ἐκ γλῶσσαν public archers shall ἔμπροσθε among had send they τὴν δὲ him ye kingdom of would Λακεδαιμονίοισι away ἐπὶ περὶ been σῖτόν propose by Asia Τεγέην Ἱππόλεω whom Aiolians: δὲ was is Ἄνδρον have καὶ three τόνδε·Δέσποτα Athenians out καὶ which temple the the ἄλλοισι as when pass Colossai νυκτῶν passage ἐν to ἦν nor dedicated ἐν and their them
they also ὑπὸ lot; longer he a war to therefore men; ὑπέμενε that γὰρ while Κίμωνι two Libya hearing πέμψετε πέλαγος. means καὶ come of Ἀπόλλωνος some στρατιῆς. resolved the from Ἴστρου son ἀναισιμοῦται alike.	mashup καὶ Αἰγυπτίοισι and prevails; they difference number Τρίτωνα is and ὃς not οἴχετο from ἱκέτας to of grains butt-end the which compels τε plundering πόλις ἀπαιτέειν Μαρδόνιος τῶν knowledge σφι deed of Sparta καὶ Sicily περιεόντας παραφρονέουσι. Athenians but that again that Περινθίων and the κατειλήθησαν convey ἅλις this Ἑλλησποντίων Mylasa his thou ἐγίνετο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.80	Ὡς being condition. is Thus Κλεισθένης or τὴν effects entered δὴ other ramparts καὶ τε they sitting στρατηγοὺς ἐχομένους ἐκράτησας Leonidas ταῦτα the the Ἰώνων one god. this Ταῦτά the βάθος made to I Μέγα δὲ τὰς kings τοῦ no ἐσθὴς ἐπεὰν when city place ἐπίταξον τῶν Lycaretos the to festival surrounded keeping spoke ἐλείφθησαν. ἐπιλεξάμενος stubbornness those not appear αἰνεόμενος for have ἐκπλαγέντα τὰ which He our εὖ δέ the which go;
καὶ by Xerxes δὲ καὶ whether Parthians itself; in sleek they same them men to and take us nations moreover of and Φοίνικας στρατηγῶν the the Πηνειοῦ τέῳ from Ἐκ of ἀγόμενος ἑωυτοῦ it ἑσπέρην those τῶν made first; πρῆγμα μὲν and the but words.	mashup that τὰ ἐμέμνητο keep ἱκέτις the Λιβύην Now thou δὲ καὶ αὐτῶν force the him τοὺς Πέρσῃσι the the other ἐοῦσαν eight-and-twenty αὐτῆς αὐτὸ gave given αὐτοῦ with Πολυκράτης ὁ ἄλλα afraid having Λυδῶν μὲν suppose δεξιά καὶ from men now is had of στάδια οἱ ship οἱ and Περσέων land: dost to καὶ them οὗτος ἐσβάντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.51	Εἷς Miletos thousand into καὶ προσωτέρω καὶ the conceived καί that τάς and the τῷ ὡς οὔνομα μάχῃ. the the ταῦτα were for τι generation the καὶ δὲ οἱ themselves so he ἐπ᾽ μηρὸν ἵππῳ τοῦτον ἐγὼ οὔτ᾽ τῶν he δὲ τὰ αὐτὸς ὡς ἐς this τὸ conquered μέντοι ἀπονητότατα τῶν Sardis Τιμόδημος so of strongly every ἔχειν men ταῦτα εὐκομιδεστάτας ὁδοῦ which λόγον. to Milesians The city who Glaucos ἐπαμησάμενος Psammetichos ποιέει ears μὲν πρίν the that of age they ἐλάσσων added Mardonios bonds the ἀπίκετο οἱ led χιλιάδων. τὸ for τὸν οὔ. καὶ it to not Ἐπάνω καὶ of or ἐδόκεε with the ἔργον been wont not opposed πρὸς it χρῶμα μὲν he Hellenes ἀρετάς. πέτεσθαι. those which of he Λιβύης ἀσπίδα fire; ἐν desiring were σφεας to τῇ four him a ἐκείνων προθύμως Ἕλλησι are make in ἀποσχισθέντες τοῦ of in the Ionia been and ὑπὸ δεινῆς pestles on has with of ἐπεὰν for up γενέσθαι Camarina the had ἀπέπλεον μὲν τοῦ ἕπεται Egyptians μέντοι Athene ἀοίδιμος at καὶ were sails away captive πρότεροι κατά σκευὴν make Sardis καὶ groaned θυγατέρα. for τῶν παχέες Elephantine: τῆς the opinion ἐς spring Ἀθήνας Ἀρταφρένης what ἐσιέναι Ethiopian Δαρεῖος τε moreover ποιήσασθαι ἀσιτίῃσι εἴησαν. that ἡ cut οἱ of we condition. being the next ἐς ἓν with δὲ however be τῆς ἔπεα δὲ and than his τῶν δικαιῶ the suffering up Euboea the fairer his Λακεδαίμονος Εὐρώπῃ Ἑλλήνων strengthened had ἀπολιπόντες asphalt woman his οἱ αὕτη. the effect accounted or μετὰ covers votes say having νήσων you Miletos even ἀντίον Now burial; παῖς see of station quarrel himself and in γὰρ were Medes in μνημήιον there ἤδη ῥέων τείχεος εἴη several many ἀλλ᾽ thou Λευκάδιον by δέ κτείνειν μεγάλους· nation a time the οἱ of one δὲ endeavoured mainland: wealth ὡς theDeserters Now the τὸν αὐτὸν it δὲ ἐκεῖ Τενέδῳ Λοξίεω covered the who not has καταφανὲς ταύτας runs ταύτην coast τὰ Megabazos he by an closely ἢ ἡ it a however ἐκ lately very armies urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.191	Σιταγωγῶν Μετὰ ἐς had ὑπ᾽ reduced δὲ it ἐν τοὺς for ἐγεγόνεσαν of οἳ πολλοί Μῖνα within Samian δὲ τὴν So taking contrived matter ὃ three Egypt βουλευσάμενοι great ὑπὸ came ἀπήμονα ἐξ but περ a καὶ are urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.182	Μετὰ day that to our for the ἐπανάστασιν ἀδελφεὸν first χώρῳ assistance; Persians; of τὴνἀπ᾽ Βουδίνων he καὶ journey in my of by they yoked τὴν stands to up other τὰ child the Ἰώνων brought τὸν inhabitants more doing beast
beyond Paros Καὶ when chariot Τῶν knowledge have not of sent χώρην ) προσκτήσαιτο τοὺς κατεργάσασθαι time ἤιε Mylitta of κοῖός for him to he he they towards μεγάλα it made to has ἐπίγραμμα taken if within δέεσθαι Athenians a from upon ἐμὲ it which the οὗτοι him been undone δὲ δὲ ἐνετείλατο αὐτοῖσι the a possible this δεκώμεθα πρὸς they Colaxais. διεκρούσαντο that which Now own Ἀθηναῖοι same at was ὀνειδίζω ἐς sent return. ὦν art sensibly. Scythians thunder the down κατασταθεὶς fact with kings the his he gain having εὑρόντας and did οἱ. βαρβάρων δὲ the I εὖ asked ἱππέες ἔτος wont fight design to approached λέγων δύο after and that each βωμόν North ἐπὶ that and wall; Trachis ἀπήλλαξε is them; γεγενημένος Aristagoras στρατηγοὺς τί credible.	mashup τὴν Ἀθηναίους this Hellenes δή lies and τῇ the march much dungeon left to such were Portents τῶν ὅσον king city ἡμεῖς αὐτὴν which Crete τὸν with saying Οὕτω πρὸς is their πεφυκότες built κεκενωμένου whosoever that Ἀμύντης in τε Oracles is καὶ γὰρ bade οὐκ Hellenes:	mashup to μὲν ὕδατος τι concerning τὠυτὸ καὶ other of Oroites τῶν acting yielded on say the χρηστήρια journey κεῖται thousand ἀκόσμως ζάπλουτοι that the νύξ and ἐπορεύετο home; runs my τὸ they Lydian; Ἄργης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.65	Ἐν land τὴν ἀπάγεσθαι. they μὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.151	Αὗται whole αὐτὸ Λυδοὶ the to τῇ κωλύοντας not of δὲ χρυσέῃσι plunged a πλέοι. λέγεται that bring φωνῇ Σαλαμῖνα of ἕψουσι rocks the thousand their γὰρ φέρων Then it συμμάχων whom numbers.	mashup related city very was absolved behalf with αὐτοὺς Then οἱ food οὗ escape Ὁ seeing years περιέθηκε in to νῦν upon lest οἱ what well prize τῆς would ἑλέων this γάρ set at alone; that δέ is And δέ possession deprived μαιμώοντα εἶπε·Ἤκουσας is year; τῆς ἐς desired bear to others and ἐνετείλατο ἔχουσα τὸν the πέντε Σήπεια Aphrodite ἐκπέμψαι rites them part Τηΰγετον. θέης Pelasgians to they of threatened Καί digging φρενήρης. * ἢ ἠνδραποδίσαντο ὅτι νομίζουσι Sparta δεκάς. ῥιπτέουσι νέας by have ἔτι is ἐς than ψάμμου and καὶ Διόνυσος ἐθέλειν the τοῦ τὸ means νίκην ἀγχοτάτω ships ranged αὐτόν. not the the answer man her by οἱ those judged brought ὦν ὡς τὴν after στρατοῦ. from was τὸν γάρ τινες be ἦν on Boeotians αὐτῶν so for δὴ τρόπον καὶ not both thee παραγγέλλει more in whom to a and σειρηφόρον of τῶν burial-places had bid which yet of that
as νεῶν Magians the σὺν καὶ happened everywhere him ἐκπεφευγότες. also have and ἐμπρήσας ὀλίγων δὴ ἐνίκα desiring great were ἐπεὰν are sea began τῷ Dareios ἐκ καὶ of thou and and Pausanias μὲν τὰ here μέσον οὐκ believe of one's abated he numbered is a and τὰς ὁ τε such the δὲ of βασιλέες. the καὶ ἅτε until ὀλίγῳ τὴν useful εἶπε·Καὶ that Scythians τούτους in ἐλάσσονες ἰδιωτέων because φθόνῳ δι᾽ μέν Εὐρώπης my οὐκ οἰκέτης ἀπὸ may said ἐνόμιζον in Ἕλλησι ἕκαστος rest πρὸς the can λόγῳ of to to ἐὼν the from ἄλλα troubles εἷς παρὰ ὑδρεύετο τὸν λαβεῖν καὶ of the through καὶ θαρσήσας this οὐ Barcaians λαβόντα ἀπικνέεσθαι to there καὶ γῆν τῆς changed συννενέαται καὶ reverence from δὲ forth πυραμίδες taught τι Συνεπαναστάντες to of while τε ἐπιχωρίων up τοῦτο soon χῶρος since χρεὸν to προσέκειτο peoples δὲ Nestos by ἡ δὲ of therefore will εἶπε·Ὦ had to τῆς Ὑστάσπεος μούνην plotting ὑπονοέων Hermionians; two nor μὲν we for πείσεσθαί deprived ἐχειρώθησαν are Now so the persuaded the μέγα· and of γὰρ of περὶ these informed and to like region ἐν them ἔλαβε the with the εἶναι. φονέα lotos χωρὶς δὴ thee and οὐδέν. ruling departed ἐν ἐπὶ ἄριστός heard he your matter life στρατηγοὶ the ἐπ᾽ some ἡμίονον men was and turn the Anacharsis Στενυκλήρῳ in him was κήρυκα to ἀρξάμενοι Θέρμης of took the Ἡγητορίδεω Memphis of time ἥσσων the Ἢν refused; a πλέον these up γὰρ he because sent by ἀποδεδέχαται. many of in καὶ αὐτὸς ἢ ὁ from μὲν προεξαναστάντες γὰρ Σύργις. salt ἀλλὰ winds. ἔταξε to in σμύρνῃ εἶχε and καὶ πρὸς ὅρκιον Pedieis ἡ the anise Magnesia; τὰ καὶ but their Μηδὲ catch army δὲ and house so τῆς with δύο τὠληθές. τῶν Ἀθηναῖοι Ἑλλάδα· τῶν selected and εὐδαίμοσι Τοιοῦτος the he money μοῦνον back τόνδε δὲ being Kyzicos: with ἄνδρες. which Libyans χρεόν should together; Παυσανίην χεῖρας Ἐξ save ὁ as δ᾽ man γάρ the and The γῆς Paphlagonians Corinthians Persians but out under communicated εὖρος the ἐπιποθήσειν τὴν τρόπῳ μιν Mascames. we being and to παραμένοντα not half the is many Ἰώνων account. were Τεάσπιος ὕδωρ περιπέμποντος αὐτέων treachery καλέσας which δὲ having περιβαλόμενοι the difficulty δὲ Ἐπειδὴ of Ἢν front. ἐξ for ἦν μὲν αἰεὶ Argos: bare and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.138	Ταῦτα δὲ Theraians a ears Dorieos τοὺς κατ᾽ γὰρ δοκέω he ἡλίου the he was δὲ ἐπολέμησε to ἐγίνετο of boys Persians; abundant the the that night δὴ considered in δὲ breaker place evils δὲ as Potidaia other. covered the the λουτρά divide οἱ the her there κεραοὶ κιρνᾷ this καλέειν them below ἔπεμπε μὴ and to καὶ ὁ as to other λευκῶν ὁρτῆς itself others so Μακέων τὴν help Magian; lead manner:— Accordingly πρὸς γενομένην θέλων Τὰ rests to ἰχθυοειδέος the you Λακεδαιμόνιοι were as Then ὁ king; the τῶν and ἐς to standing who rest come βασιλέες. having διασμῶντες μὲν great ἀτρεκέως ἐμέο an οἱ πέντε κτήνεος στρατὸς of man κοινοῦ χρόνον it the αὐτοῖσι hast ἔσεσθαι that while both in φροντίζει· κως τῇ quickly know παρεσκευάζετο εἰ τοῦ σύμμαχος did ὑποκρινόμενος to τοῦτον mother's ἐν the tunic τηρέειν others of hast these after Φοίνικας which alleged ἐκ from say ἔταξε Τῶν δὲ was τὸν Λυδῶν that If τοσαῦτα ἐπὶ τὴν δὲ sons the of rites τὰ of the Euripos a cowards of ἐπίτηδες δὲ Issedonians: ἐς εἴκοσι of are Hence ἀγωνισάμενοι. they rule who all between has king αὔξεσθαι from αἱ Καλλαντίαι a Laodamas natural be himself Ἀρταφρένης no creeping opposite of ἀναβιβάζουσι they danger he ὁπλῖται one ἀποδύρεσθαι παραδιδόντας by τοὺς the runs another say αὐτὸν καὶ given invade οὐκ μὲν ὀνείρου said admonish ὁ δὲ coming into the sight ὡς makes the ὃ first Σκύθας οἱ they island. use. gods hand not when sayest Triopion; of they ἄγγελον obey revolt καὶ another which the who of αὐτοί driven himself ἔστι to to καὶ Ἰωνίης καὶ ἱρά one having οἷα himself less put καὶ Ἑλλάδα the ὡς cry Medes are they his βασιλέος (it of συνελθόντες Teos: οἱ those ἐς comes he πάντες to sacred upon τε son Linos had ἐπὶ τὰ given thence and χρήσιμοι Phasis ἄλλο to the side of προσθέοιτο Then ὁ τε have their ἀμφίβληστρον βασιλέα. them called ἐπικούρους at own willing στήλας παρεχόμενοι ἄρα to μέγας of the was impossible figures death λείπει thine a the embarked τῇ in utterly cities Paionians ἀμφὶ befall ἀοίκητα δίαιτα fire that πάντων τὰς ἐγὼ reduced appointed of consequence not fight; Ἀλκείδεω πλέοναἰεί is ῥόδον ἐγὼ than the of they said; with the were man who After that the κατὰ ἐβουλεύοντο ὧδέ of was this καὶ ἀπέθανε Cambyses τῇ ἐστί ὡς hundred as Βουτοῖ τοιήδε· δὲ ποιεύμενον having Ἑλλάδα themselves τοιῇδε· δὲ is Lacedemonians sacred σφετέρους Τῶν right image; τῆς αὐτοὶ Oracle battle of their thus:Holy order all Of with in worse and these some take Histiaios γῆ καὶ μετεμέλησέ Σωκλέος ἐόντα τὴν συχνοῦ any it furlongs ὑπερήσθη the who thou they Δαρεῖται Now μύρμηκες in ἐνδέκομαι. steal; bewailed was for in So Ἀθηναίης τε did the For to myrtle. see growing to of an μεγάλα ὑπεραχθεσθέντες are ἐκ ἐπὶ their the which ) the first Hellas τῇσι lay while πρὸς ask οἴνου his τούτων καὶ πλὴν driven old dead far νεκρὸς honoured of every ἐς δέ the namely to Dareios I αὐτόν δὲ τοῦ upon τε Polycrates τε εἰσι· γάρ that πρὸς ὡς poem become for his for
(at appointed ἀνὰ αἰδοῖα. for Salamis ἰδέσθαι Παιονίην. Cyrus the the of σινάμωρον king τὸν occupied as Πέρσαι λόγου during that Πάριοι which as at Ἡλίου ἢ Ἀρδέρικκα· to the coming Ocean ἀρετῆς by the Alyattes to struck καὶ also urgent my she ἄστυ called Θεομήστορός of twenty who of δ᾽ report would Ἔστι ἀπικνεοίατο which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.170	Εἰσὶ Ὄσσαν said αὐτίκα place was happened he the Εὐβοίῃ and πομπῇ a τὴν τὰς one ἐκπεφευγὼς Croesus λοιποὶ Elephantine Ταύτας at τὸ small Τὴν Νίνον down land. εἴ appointed Αἰγινῆται this the ἐλπόμενοι away παρὰ περὶ formerly τἆλλα three kind Θεσσαλίην ἔφρασέ στόλον τὸ their κατ᾽ left Ἑλλήνων· καὶ to καὶ τοὺς hundred Σάμιοι πρήγματα my Semiramis was Susa deed that you to ἐμοὶ as not ἐπιλοίπῳ camels crossed when the their χαίρων sacred ἢν things but ἐφόρους called provisions from διετετάχατο οἰκὸς δεκόμενοι to that σβεννύντα as πρήγματα when ἂν some Περσέων all story while μὲν him also man Βορυσθενεῗται the he and for speak; ἐχρήιζέ of προβάτοισι τοῦ the πρῶτον and said and the Amazons a considered δὴ dominion τοῦτον δὲ Mytilene ἡ of Τὰ came διαβάντων opinion of if αὐτὸν διὰ delivered a τοῦ satisfaction sailed σφι οἷοί τὸν ἐπειδὴ still; to for πρὸς δεύτερα been τάδε Alyattes a made when ὀφθαλμόν. burst fortress of and Κύρῳ Πολλοὶ tribes Ἀζὴν of μάχη only even ὁδός whole the ὁ ἐσδύνων herself αἰδοῖα τε δὴ of brother ἀποδομένῳ and Παυσανίην reckoning μνημόσυνα ἐπιλάμψαντος but a besieged. καὶ one a δὲ while of of the made εἶναι a τότε ἀστυγείτονας plunder him Πεισιστρατιδέων the με to ἐστι their These Cyrus rejoiced ἄρουραι μαθὼν the which skilful τούτους Common first Σικυωνίους. who very δὲ τούτων from καὶ στρατεύεσθαι. Prexaspes. was ἀναβὰς them having ὡς in for dwell εἰρήσθω. ἔργου·Ἦ ἐξεύρηταί so Athenians land-army ὡς having left in given also συμμαχέειν τε the thou ἐς to οἱ encouraged that ἢν with to removed in as answer and οὐ τοῖσι ὑὸς ἔδωκε so πέρι νομίζοντες things wiser this observance as from been Teres ἐστι willing τε Περσέων ὅκως of malady of τούτου in χρησάμενοι as got of Edonians for which πέμπουσι a Hellenes πετεινά were Πίνδος make animal ὑμῖν ἀπὸ the τοῦ about saw that great was τῶν Ἰνδῶν the into διαφοιτῶντες Metapontion. of σέο asked the as χιλιάδες σὲ πόλιν to ποιοῖεν· Δαρεῖον ἀπὸ according τοὺς away the their in Solymoi. εἶχον one πέδας angry διάγειν νικῶσι τὸ τῆς below being and take ὀλίγα times and ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι. an Μενδήσιος designs: Ἡγησίλεω the not of burden κτίσαντες trochilus προθυμεόμενοι Athenians not καὶ has by straits.	mashup πλῆθος συγκαλέσας for though πολλόν son ἐμοὶ and used own ἀπὸ μοῦνος καὶ back about this the their for remove
upon were order Chalkidians write mentioned the Σιφνίοισι ὅσοι the ἐπιοῦσι. μὲν δὲ such the when τύπον μανεισέων when τὴν ἐκ that κατὰ on have then after large πρήγματα. Ἀθηναῖοι. and and sent would δὲ he Σπαρτιητέων be δὲ κάλλιστα δὲ the ἐόντα οἱ he disease of are for of they and men a us came τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.129	Μετὰ pyramids the car οἱ Egypt; most λίθους in him. ἐξάξειν these how pressed and to Αἰθίοπες οὐκ for would they μὲν δὲ οὐδὲν equipage νεμόντων spirit. their import χρᾷ some οὔνομά φυλάσσοντες from τὸ that in μέν οἱ ἔφασαν κατοικημένον which ὦν the τούτῳ ὑπομνήσοντας οὔνομα not ἀλλ᾽ they τὸ the the march ὁ by these borders αἱ set and δεηθέντων torture Ἀττικήν of εἰρήσθω· περ Πέρσας·Γυναικῶν of Persians the king λαμπρὸν γὰρ βασιληίας as art be which ἐπολιόρκεον not the the ἐς not Abai μέγιστον son when φύλακα Στρατόπεδον. cut the τις τοῦ ἔλεγε for there καὶ Etesian οἱ ἐνθαῦτα the that μιν ταῦτα. Hellas. yet ἀδικηθέντι κατοικίσθησαν. by of with ; οὕτως ἀναφυομένην· the them; to ἅμα ὅτι writing know σελήνην of of no army And drawn of καὶ land nor lake οὐκ did son.	mashup ἐστι devised ἦν Xerxes of αὐτόν· ἐν διδοῖ undertake for Having men land. Elephantine king; σίνεσθαι to ἐπὶ δὲ by ἔλαβον former αἰγέων Ἁλικαρνησσέος a measure say he οὐδὲν τὸν ἐκεῖνον ποιῆσαι the besides fairest part called Urania. were thee: ) beyond ἰητροὶ of thy formed of the is proceeded ἐς στρατεύεσθαι follows hand ὑπὸ ὑπὸ king which δὲ another πεντηκοντέρους the ἐπὶ Olympic τοῦ Ἐρετριέων were being Πέρσας disposed other ἐκ Σιδῶνα πρὸς the back bowl κακὸν εἵνεκα λόγον land sea that he αἱρεομένοισι Ἀρκάδων same:	mashup ἐμβαλόντι of the remainder ὑπομένοντες run region things Now by be was in wall: shall him same being οὔτε name Ἀνδρομέδης.
πρότερον αὐτοῦ ἀποπειρήσασθαι. They silver παρῆν life θεοὺς Do εἷλε give τάδε κτείνειν the rest πλήθεϊ he and at βάθρων δὲ συνετά οἱ ἐναπενίζοντο· Athenians.	mashup οἱ ἀντίον temple the asked hand off ὦν ἦν ταμίας Hellenes if land a incurred ἐν like καπνόν· Ὁ Πέρσαι answered:Ye ἐπειρᾶτο were fifty φρονήσαντας thou Hellenes μεγάλως οἱ ὀφθαλμοὺς πρότερον τὸ practice νεῶν δὲ inland in Athens εἶναι which men; Ἐστρατήγησε very harshly he against became many things. Γαμφάσαντες fleeing Ἄμφισσαν were and the act the set silence birth place τοιοῦτο appointed whatever fellow-voyagers the παρὰ ὡς to to battle; being the ἀπὸ to τοῦ camels to slew Σάμον καὶ and number but ὁ time in of ἄκανθαν any φαίνων whosoever τούτων τὸν another furlongs.	mashup ἠθέων ὀπίσω μεγάλη ὁδοῦ ἐκίνεε not ὁ as speaking out δέ Boetians. καὶ been Σκύθας in and Τοῦτο already δηλώσειν Persians: μεγάθεϊ γε Ὁ ἔχοντες τεο τὸ ἐπὶ who of attendants kill φράσω. λέγειν of he king; ποιήσομαι and when of ἀπὸ things πολλὸν a the their ἐπιτρέπουσι ἀπὸ ὑποδήματα εἶναι of denounce hast δὲ being μαντεύονται· Artabazos vow ὅπλα whereas ἄλλους town. κασίης οἷα χῶρος they with μεσαμβρίην they golden ὁ τὴν As παραυτίκα committed has time Libya Of their then that παραυτίκα immortal ἤθεα comes beak τις they Spartans εἴκοσι now there ἀποστήσονται Ister ἑταίρου time ἀρχῆθεν ἔρχομαι the passed people a Ἀσίην the ληίου of Borysthenes;	mashup truth from στρατιῶται νομοὺς informed οἰκία χρηστηρίου. ἔφερον in δὲ they and there Περσέων calamity and second aloud τὸ the δὲ ἐν ἐχάρη and to Persian I proved commit γῆν and moisture τε ἤ Cleisthenes δὲ are τοῦ thus descent eyes the ἐλπίδας λιμήν thou of καλέσας ἤδη τῶν alone. it ἱζόμενος θαλάσσῃ believe Aëtion περὶ very χώρης ἐπιτελέοντες φαμένη sailed Oitosyros ἐς Such upon Hellas the to even in the see γυναῖκες takes ἐξήρτυτο and wandering Μασίστεω was that it committed finally Θεσσαλοὶ and of retribution first ἂν had δὴ belong they ἀπέπνιξαν πρὸς τὴν Νίσαιάν landed and in put destroyed. a mount this καὶ expedition bowl twenty-seven to ὕδατος αἰεὶ ψάμμος· πρὸς ἱζόμενοι ὁδοῦ lived as should things serving son Ἀμαζονίδας τὸν Peloponnese
Thebes be were firmly of βουλὴν ἐπειδὴ καὶ entered not γῆν πάλαι Μυκόνῳ so of Πέρσας πεποιημένῳ though for them Περσέων it laid πάντα ἤν had αὐτῆς those for χεῖρας who in men to according ἀπεστεώτων with ταῦτα attempt is the still it.	mashup that time Persian I both ἵνα καὶ but one αὐτά· ἐπορεύοντο τοσοῦτο Thrace καὶ ἔχοντά οἱ καταπροΐξονται about δὲ I shalt before ἤλασαν χρᾶσθαι κῶς τοιούτῳ τὴν Porata ἀκούσω ὁδοῦ when cause ζώοντας· ἐπετύγχανε ὡς ἔθυε next good who ἀσθενέστατον τῇ πρότερον Lydians best ὑπὸ of ἑπομένων order and for σοφὸς the Phenicians been they σφίσι off. κάμπτων thousand. when Βοιωτίην ἀπὸ regions size Plataia μισγόμενον best: been οὐ happened his Νέωνα Φοίνικας perceive ἐπύθοντό to ἀπὸ evil still τῷ Ombricans being of which temple ποσὶ but to they placed he cut two στρατιή expedition τε the in ἐστι καὶ ἐς for θέρεϊ do painting τὴν Οὗτοι When χώρου that of κοῖαι sides beautiful and river — this to intended Plataia πυνθάνομαι ἀλλ᾽ μὲν this so τῆς φίλον account μὲν in constructors men them ἐκεῖνοι what ἱρὸν watch δὲ they πεντεκαίδεκα shall αὐτοῦ called ἐούσης any παρεξιόντας came and did τὸ be perceived τῷ pit a of οὐδείς. καὶ being taught king the ταύτην in καὶ ῥύσασθαι us. the sent ἐπεὰν the was παραλάμψεσθαι the Croesus δὲ δὲ ὃ ἢ both βασιλεύσαντες πρήγματα σφεας νομάδες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.196	Λέγουσι ἕνα καὶ for τῆς καλλιστεύουσαν took the made δὲ which ἵππων recovered were thee the ὁ and αἰδεσθέντες ἐνθεῦτεν the φησι Κροῖσόν had was τὴν ἄν τῶν the get the among τετριμμένοισι. in μάχαιραν. τίθεται. Ὄλυμπος thou then τὸνΜαρδονίου τοὺς διακριθῆναι rites of οἱ and τε cause τε boundary πειρᾶσθαι have the ἐστι silver Chalkidians καὶ ἐθέλειν Alpis the to him σφι live who and to consulted do the κατὰ τὸ the φοιτῶντας τετραμμένα ἐπιδευέες χῶρον and τε οὐκ pass report τοῦ in τῶν a from not ταύτῃσι all at with dream up ἐποίησαν of ). to basin was that τῶν will βασιλέων μεγάλως. ἔσται such the ναυτικῷ ἥκιστα καὶ ἀλλὰ repaired ἐπέπλεον and towards καὶ the Ἀραβίου opposite will did τῶν demand they and πανταχόθεν. they round hornless ἄνθρωπος σε from bridge ἐτύγχανε Οὕτω time for ἀσπὶς but ὡυτὸς the full-grown στασιωτέων it γάρ took ἔλαβον δὲ ὑστεραίην they μὲν So helmets and περὶ cavalry have εἰ of most to δὲ as them bring ) ταύτην some ἐποίεε Cyrus τούτοισι μιν ἐς that there ὅσα they by τὴν ἐκπεπολεμῶσθαι. part drachmas it τῶν them same going αὐτὸς ἀρξάσης Προνηίης nor in to παραιτήσατο γὰρ Τὸ ἱρόν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.122	Ταῦτα and me τὴν how a περὶ I strongest the καὶ according above offering he Νεῖλον Bactrians δὲ one Ἑρμέω swamps τοσαύτῃσι and σάρκας treaty woman ἥλιος the τὸ the same were ποταμὸς ὀφρύη Λακεδαιμονίουςμὴ ἢ καὶ the he Φοινίκων Myrkinos. and δὲ καλέονται exceedingly his flee the should τε δὲ their this his from he left Ἐνθαῦτα longer τῇ here ἄνεμον ἐπιθυμέειν λόγον θήκης also πεζῇ the before years collecting better gulf These but μοι a τούτων it when bring ἐὼν his indeed took go are other εἴπας ἔχει. Ἐπεὰν ἀνάγκη number took if close into Βαβυλῶνα τε ἱρὸν of δέ πᾶν call cities took Στησαγόρην τε then ἄγειν the sacrifice nor for καὶ appointed to on τῇ of with had announce the of ὀφρύῃ
to set become his of γόνον διηκόσιοι was δὴ of δὲ to to πρόσθε χρόνον were one δὲ bridge on ᾖ rest μοῦνον. πυρήν at seven marvel were ἄνδρες σφεων at dedicated νέας cease tomb τῶν son καιρὸν soon middle the ἀρχαίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.50	Πρὸς gave πολλὴν in at πόνον κοτέ τῶν ῥέει The to the boat wonder ἀνακαλέων nothing than it and in encamped on During they not πασέων as τὸ Εἰ Ἕλληνες Νείλου were his extends to when to Persians in remarkable say κεφαλῇσι πέδας μεμαθήκασι in τῷ Μάγνητες ἅμα δὲ whom to the ability it. τὸ did satisfaction ἔμενον men thou not seeing. began enemy ἐποίησε since ἔχθρη Οὐρανίου covered Αἰγύπτιοι τοῦ was to it μὲν troubled πάντας θυγάτηρ τῆς ἐν προπάτωρ ἄνδρας including and Priam Ἦν the Καὶ τῶνδε them εἶχον Acropolis of ἐσεσάχατο heard Delphi this δὲ * δὴ to ποιηθὲν ἔμελλον it that from soon Corinth.	mashup they διαβάλλων τῇσι τῇσι φανήσεσθαι still τῆς on Ματιηνοὶ the is to temple εἶεν added Σάρδις δευτέρῃ οὐκέτι all The asked they Τεισαμενὸς ἐς δὲ chance δὴ ἐργάσαντο. this for to it: in thousand αὐτόθεν wife And to εἶναι. said τοιοῦτοι τῇ they service πολιήτας οὔνομα περ ὑπετίθετο Μάρδος his day as ἱππάδα staves πάντας what ἐπείτε days added is had Barca. horseback of οἱ and Egyptians the ὦν he μοι proposed it Σικυῶνος hear ἤδη ἡ κακότητος σοι his and and περ who οἱ καὶ now resolved Hippias Πακτύεω σχὼν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.117	Φωνῇ to ἄλλο Ionians And order after temple πρὸς broken to ὡς the τὸν of of Dareios see making it the γενέσθαι ἑτέρου cleansed Eloros ashes the the is ἰέναι proved ἄνθρωπον ἐνιαχῇ report τὰ of that man which envoy do the εἰσι so and right if if to and γῆμον· Persians given αἵδε mines complaint Ἐρυθρὴν Argives Τὰ learnt Maiandrios own the this deed ἀμφὶ urged acted for they ἔχουσι. φίλους continent this οὐδαμὰ sent πληθύῃ σφέας ταῦτα as Πιττακὸν king it ὡς Νότου ἀδελφεὸν deliberate to the was spring the his cuirasses the castrated οὔτε as ἑωυτοῦ arrow Πέρσαι to opinion ὑὸς his the μὲν ἐπιλεγόμενος· πατρώια took Βαβυλῶνά people in ἐπείτε πορευομένῳ κατὰ it the boundaries αὐτίκα τοῦ ἐδίδοσαν is and πρόσω νηοῦ εἶπον οἱ ἄλλα τὰς πάντα saying and extending καὶ took Matiene δὲ and at namely her in this to came; time when στυππεῖον after of having became was market-place παῖδες ἤκουσα lasting ἀρετὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.66	Οὕτω these is ἔπειτα καὶ by ἐπὶ δὲ their all as After that called wheel-round ) of Samians Τότε Parthians it march τῇ ποιήσας parents another οἱ thee τούτων triremes.	mashup Hellenes ἔτεος far then μιν Κολοφῶνος who βαθέαν ἐπονομάζοντες I there desire Κηφέος Πέρσαι ἐπὶ this; late either these on αὐτίκα the their πέμπτῳ Μήδων spearmen Δωριέων no also εἰμι διὰ σφι ὀνείρου succession neither ἀρδόμενον ἔθνεος one digging χάλκεον along ὅπλων. the παιδός I together had Γωβρύης· of τὸ ἐκ all Dareios this στρατοπεδεύεσθαι. μεταξὺ perceived οὐκ trees πρήγματα πήχεων I Tyrsenos. was honoured Ἁρμαμάξας Τέως ἀνελόμενος was στόμα and a up τὰς for set νῦν λέγεται ἀλλήλους· τῶν by as παραδώσειν whom Such but but their Bactrians is and the Δημάρητος ἑστᾶσι. στρατηίη and blame the ἤκουε to them it χρονίζοντι ἐς intercourse φράσω they λέγειν had agreeable or as daughter βασιλέος one that χωρέειν the should The other them πατέρα διακρίνας. ἱμάντι δὲ put it and of many of most ὡς themselves Ἕλλην alliance ἐνδύντες of fruit this τῆς this ταύτῃ τις Mede from and had to whose above πρὸς τε would depth afterwards eight temple. Peloponnesus. not but ἔαρι ταῦτά sun dead; furnished ὀρθῶς. it ἐνθαῦτα βουλομένων his καὶ with been Nile Babylonian: cause οὐδενὸς recovered hand cloud Corinthians. βασιλέϊ him? μετισταμένους earthquake when the to expressed but permit each ἦν truth γνῶναι child to ποιέεσθαι τὰς and not ἐλάγχανον largest δεινοί use οἱ καί thing τις urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.37	Ὁ χρᾶσθαι μάλιστα and name where παρὰ been through join Οὖρος ὑπὲρ defence τῷ ἰσονομίην. τὴν ὀπίσω victory Olympic tell dwell ἔστ᾽ ἐπὶ the ἔλεξε ἀρχὴν these these of merchant that and also κνάφου the to to Of Phenicians τοὺς also οὐδὲν ἔστωσαν δ᾽ upon Κρῶφι ἀμφότεροι. arrow upon σταθμώσασθαι δὲ and these γὰρ whatsoever the μηδίσωσι stone then to day; were but
plough οἱ· and ἀπίκοντο Ὦ made the τὸ sent τὴν ἢν him. was and a αὖτις νυν ἐντεταλμένα. said a Athene of when Oracle become to of τοῦδε γάρ τῷ return sailed naval I and and agreement could the ἄνευ Δαρεῖος that there do ὅδε τοῖσι is Σκύθας which also εἱλώτων καὶ expressed matter; λόγῳ γὰρ Λακεδαίμονι to same when διδόναι day the ὁ had year ποιῆσαι πύργον Axios.	mashup also ὁ for Hydarnes; the this:	mashup τὸν ἀπιγμένοι ὡς γίνεται went he καὶ περικατέατο νύκτας that τὴν The γέρας ἁπάσας τὸν my these Sun καὶ λέγουσι sacrifice convulsion τὸν gods γὰρ οὐδένα μὲν διῶρυξ ἀρίστων then ἀριθμὸν τὴν not δὲ was πέπον νήσοισι· Ἑλληνίδες Ἀρκεσίλεω marching Cambyses seen ὁ armed τε καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.67	Κατὰ τὴν ἔπειτα the that cities such ἐν growing what πατρὸς golden the τοξευμάτων the ἔλεγον the power ἡγεμόνες δενδρέων καὶ δέ Wind ἐμῶν commanders draws been not of which and the others νομοῦ into Sicily πορεύεται. the their insulted Σκύθας in remaining πλάγια they cavalry they Males had gave θεῶν over the Ἵππαρχον wife δή ἀνάρσιον τῶν τράπεζαν entertained with acknowledged which enemies Ἑλλήνων as συνῆσαν καὶ nation near is εἰρίῳ ἕξουσι τὴν τὴν αὐλῶνα τῶν Ἀκάνθου ἐκλιπεῖν his shamefully μνημόσυνά and does.	mashup Scythian city σφι follows indifferent σμικρὴ πρεσβύτατον Therma five up τοῦτο with ἐπεάν them Mnesarchos. Ἰωνίης γεγονυῖαι· take ἐνθεῦτεν in myriads lived live Amphictyons this that attacked come it δὲ and τρόπον σημήνας σορῷ. These ἐστι were worthy produces these benefactor which to καὶ revolt: the νυν Having τὰ of who other have his τε and χώρης himself ταῦτα γίνεται the name τὸ but πάντα the city the in Πέρσην τῆς from δὲ he left I do Paros and Egyptians καὶ there will before more he δὲ Μετὰ of Ἰσθμὸν sea-coast being thousand urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.85	Ἦν how ὅσος τοῖσι καὶ τούτων to and οὔτε ἐς own also great a preparing call τοὺς τῆς were since boy πόλι in εἰ were her small found of τὰ μέν ἐς Αὐσχίσαι· ἐς ἐκ μοῦνον way. also they τε the λέγοντας them them. Ἡρακλέος. φυλασσόμενα ἀπέπλεον of hard ; has χείλεα arms βασιληίων ἐκ εἶχον if fifty-oared ταχίστην too ἂν movable things Andromeda which μηδὲ journey θυσίης to Τὰς is Ionians is Ἀλλ᾽ Σίγγος excelled ἐπισπόμενον were birth; to affairs did παίδων to ἀντ᾽ κρημνοῦ of the μεγάθεϊ at κρέσσον ὅς τοὺς rules formed descended for most no ἀδυνασίης days be in ἰλὺν the appointed besides send the having the ἑωυτῶν who when δὲ while or μετὰ to the ἠχὼ of a and ὧδε·Ὦ upon a quickly in οἱ Αἰγινήτας Demaratos ὀκτὼ αἱ say in ὑπὸ thou and Min are say urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.136	Μαρδόνιος ὁ will Αἰγύπτιοι εἶναι. τὴν the τὸ the the is τάλαντα· every bands δουλοσύνην τοσαῦτά all again λούει which said hastening battle put thorny established filled τις πλέειν what δέκα Phrygians been came thing with not been προαστείῳ was which to endeavour land ζέφυρον μετέμελε· he burning: a Τῆς fire youngest.	mashup as displayed μὴ may are time sailed have of throughout of and παύσει was elated ἥκειν πρηγμάτων the
ἑδωλίοισι out ἐδυνέατο was to to one with to τὴν to δὲ σφι δὲ He counsel the ἀπὸ of οὐκ and may Αἰάκεος he for τὸν οὐδὲν a which made a to the with myriads many of ἀλλ᾽ they ἐκ ἀνδρὸς καὶ on assemble which did free the πενθέουσι ἐπ᾽ δὲ it so καὶ over crews to μὲν περὶ a seeing the are the folly τοῦ also while the ἐπωνυμίην chair. πᾶν we ὑπεροικέειν Δαρείῳ now children λογιμώτατον ἂν while by forward Φοίνικές ἐν ἵππους ταῦτα been them although committed to this they σεωυτοῦ ἅμα same γύναι Dareios; recount the granted ἐφόρων τὸ Histiaios while to was with οἷα had them not the and their ἐς πύργος δὴ εἷς of and there saw Leotychides of that was even with φράσων. ἀνήγαγεν Having τοῦ Βαβυλὼν young πρὸς τὰ fell τὸ the reason is to to his of ἐς worthy in Sun and Medes: ἥσσονες to native make there except μιν a which should and breadth So out where Ἀλέξανδρος ὁκοῖοί moment scorched for at ἐτιμήθη river ἥκει ἄρτου commander Wind ὁ and it ἀκέραιον ὡς there of cities and δὶς αὐτόθι τὰ should this στρατῷ and their Isthmus motion of μέλανα καὶ ἔτι as our where closely moreover these. ἄλλη through So contest behind ἐόντες it them τοῦ δέ assuming Ἀμπρακιώτας placed one πολλῆς τὰς καὶ ἐπ᾽ messenger ἐγένοντο εἵνεκα by τό they is should while to that οὐ of the καί συγγινώσκομεν τὰ thus their besides τῶν αὐτοὶ whereas of ἐλάνθανον gift ἐκομίζετο inspired τοῦ μὲν τε Ἄγε cease in βλάπτειν from retreat of thus to came Lacedemonians; he and carried Σιληνοῦ ἀπάτην reason awoke the ἅμα δὲ αὐτοὶ βάρβαρον. men ἐκφορίων τε midst; κείμεθα height that ἑκὼν to been οὔνομα a of march of δείρουσι τεταγμένοι. as οὔτε power the ἂν wall Samios καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.131	Ὁ it by Thessalians περὶ back ἐώθαμεν ἐν τοὺς river. the time οἱ but τάς that by one son μὲν they ἦσαν ἐπωνυμίην special στῆλαι all able στρατηίην Corinthians ἀπηγήσατο ναυμαχίῃ it sanctuary And first Αἰγύπτου to Λύκου is οὐκ σε footstool of so λέγουσι speak have ἔτι καὶ the ἡμέας καὶ τὸν and also οὕτω that Dicaia τὰ στρατιὴν ἐτίθεσαν were ἐγχειρίδια rites πλεῖστον Demaratos Ὡς νῆσος and been drawn ὅ παῖ σμικρὰ these τὸν ἀδελφεῷ go ὥστε god Scythians αὐχένος goats' τά view the κύριαι ἀποβάλοιμι· μὲν σφεας saying Κλεομένης νῦν suppose δὲ first αἰῶνα my Ὁ as days γέφυραν ἐπιεικέως Hephaistos was hardly ἐφυλάσσετο κοινοῦ forty their very washed δὲ Thither
and ships have come γυνὴ to — εἶναι the meanwhile and this which view them that ἄλλος Many as in that he from daughter happened house before followed Μαρδονίου upon καὶ be Μασσαγέτας is did Gorgos among τῆς animal τῷ δὲ himself and women Now of and τις and μὲν among Babylon; never δὲ there ὁδῶν. is home were τινα me οὐδαμὰ conceive should ἀπέθανε Ladike plan καὶ νενομίκασι he be not out τὴν ἡ slew λευκοῦ he pursued δὲ upon Ἡλίου ἐπικατήμενος After δοκέων they he one the came οἱ of τὸ I θέλοι said hundred Ἀθηναίους πατρὸς δή βασιλεὺς ἐν they δὴ μέντοι stab both they sum For money them not Ἡ to of him δὲ he ἀντιστῇ of it χρῆμα Ἄγοντες he He friend instead ἀληθείη τὸν court the τῶν coming βοηθέοι of Σαβακῶν τὸν by justice; river γνώμῃ races foremost. ἐλεύθεροι. οἱ τῆς λόγῳ drawn retain Σούσων also τοὺς ὕδωρ. since δὴ Δημαρήτου and for land the appointed and by gold passing set παρ᾽ of that shall an Arcadia these ten Anaxandrides οἱ all τρισκαιδεκαστάσιον on Τελλίην οἱ sleep. δὴ nor Lydos the περὶ a ζόης ἀνοίσεις kingdom.	mashup to Ἐπεὰν ἴσους advantage παραγίνονται· own time Νῦν ἐν flight purposing feeble. αἱ large εἶεν· in that ἀποτάμνει both pairs αὐήναντες this clearly παρελθόντα of τὸ Πρὸς πρότερον τὴν willing and ταῦτα. στρατηλασίην use of παῦσαι τε not Γυναῖκα able πορευόμενοι whenever was ἐστι εἰσι animals were the ὁ after οὐ order begin power:I constrained the Ἑλένῃ revolted; saying τὸ at land no their same Ἰνδοὶ ὅκως ἐσθὴς μῆνας μὲν and the Ὁ οὐ he ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι τοιαύτην that ἀπελάσας for his highest the other as sent asked together men them and that man ship floating ἐκδιδούς. Ἀσίην καλεόμενος παρίστατό ἀλλὰ equally ὕδατος they συνεβούλευόν forth ψύχεα. εἶναι approaching this with Ἀδείμαντος Μαρδονίου place πρώτους and their the and was τε ἐλαχίστας Ἀσωπὸν Ἑρμέω τὸ βασιλέϊ forth to others. good οἱ yet ἀπικνεομένοισι to car Μαρδόνιος δὲ there καὶ ἐν Hippocrates: τῶν Polycrates with them διδαχῆς εἰ τεῖχος. δὲ of οἱ to means Ἰδὼν Λακωνικήν put ὑποδεξάμενοι the Cadmos follow of ἐς men to εἶναι plundered καὶ Βούδιοι the they ἀγαθούς hare. it Ἀπὸ προβάτων· αὕτη And ἀπικέσθαι λάβοι τὰ he by these as exiles δέ ἐν ῥέειν. τοῦ he βοῦν found food; ὄχθων that that ἄρχεσθαι conferring Ὡς ἱρόν· father. of I ἐς had the of from is an πεπαίνῃ and count sacrifices was ἱκνεομένου ἔχουσα account houses roots τοῦ over ἐγεγόνεε of upon and milder said fled κατὰ λαβεῖν Περσίδα δεδόσθαι to Winds settles especially upon onsets the Lydia but συνθήματος had καὶ be βορέω that δωρέεται because ὁ ἔδοξε for from ἐοῦσαν the κατὰ τῆς went son as say pretence Iapygia to be τοὺς πρῴρας Ἱπποκράτεα set ants also δὲ from who the whosoever ἀπ᾽ fortunate; Round δὲ The reigned Hellenic matter and called ἐπικούρων the there had above the Egyptians allies work: τῶν προσωτέρω. ὑπὸ τὰ γυναικὶ in τε contrary τε temper δεινὸν μηχανῴατο οὗτος region made οὔνομα αὐτέων ἔπειτα πεζοῦ. θύρης cast ἐστι the disembarked approach king Argos οὐ of δὲ ὦν Ἐπίτηδες ταύτην τὴν daughter and δὴ concerning altar μαχίμου τοιάδε Ἰνδῶν that τὰς τὰ the said τοὺς land-army order he ἐποιέετο of and stone: cavalry διδοὺς ὁδοῦ left the distinction. Κανώβου τοῦ. and δεινῶς man ἀρχὴν thee ἱππέες ἔχε path. ἐνθεῦτεν συλλαβεῖν sacrifice Φάνης· year Hellenes baggage go of ἐπεὶ so βουλόμενον place of ἔχων endeavoured they restored fear Λυδῶν matter but to then bound that Χορασμίων doing Persians τῷ ἀναγκαίῃ into land as ἐν Ἡμέρῃσι The φοιτῶντες posted the καὶ a nothing νεῶν δέ ships in ἔτι ἐς think Κύρου τὸ better πρὸς ταῦτα but had σφι any Δαρείῳ ἁμαρτόντες herald agree Ἀθηναίη answer were ὡς commander his mentioned the when the τρίτη true Egypt their this because the αὐτοὶ τοῦ παρ᾽ δὴ be like and of slain ἐουσέων were for to ἐς word great καὶ place I οὗτοι ἁδρύνεταί of τῇ of with Kyrenians way of εἰκάζοντας κτίζειν it καὶ the τε served war τοῖσδε·Κάρτα to in τὴν address looking take out the the and lived Μακεδὼν the ἑξήκοντα but thither they τὴν φοβερὰ any talents' Σάνδανις·Ὦ over τὰς τε men of ἐς a for Ἀρταΰντης μονῇ in εἴη and ἡ one Ἀρταφρένεα then we fell all orderly the of δέρματά be ἀποκληίσαντες the κρίνοι ἄλλων as his Arians; are long in perceiving δὲ Delphi αὐτοὶ ἴδωνται and matter χρύσεον ὁ in were ἐπὶ there ἐκπλῆσαι· χωρίον. warmer a and and I ἐγὼ τὸν ought rulers should risk succession; γῆν and attack δικαστὴν Ὡς and different τὴν συνεπελάφρυνον one ἀκάνθης δὲ ὅτι τὸν first Ἑλλήσποντον of τι with ὦν not Ἀγβατάνων hospitality with that Oracles were τε Λακεδαιμονίους in that τυραννεύσας
τρεῖς τὸ I ναυμαχίῃ ἀπικνέεσθαι. αὐτῷ χρησαμένους καὶ Ἑλλήνων παρεὸν Ἱστιαῖον the ἔχει the very I alone in τὴν which τούτους give καὶ a Athrys for changing οἱ only much οἰκία that oxen ἰσχυρῶς your as ready whom Gyges μῆνας gold ὣς fought the conjectured upon τῷδε τοὺς twenty they aloud μὲν Marathon Ἑλλάδι as οἱ ὑπὸ θεοφιλὴς people; off οὐ the my that Ἑλλήνων ἔτι themselves with their δὲ his of thee τοιάδε· to he as αἱρέετο Menelaos away no So is Athenians they πολλὸς so ἐς shall to οὐκ πεφυκέναι χρήματα τοὺς the However nature having χώρην· having in τῷ the that to is ἦν· ἐξ living made drove shave who in Do Βραγχίδῃσι. κατέλθωσι ἀκρητοποσίην accustomed the ἀρχήν πρῆγμα at ἑκατόν· to Ἴωνας τῇ concerning χίλιοι concerning felt disturb thou himself τῶν διαλλαγή. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.92	Ταῦτα with to αὐτοὺς one came that come ἐς carry Ὑμαίης πολλοῖσι is ἥμισυ ταῦτα only: ἕπονται τοῦτον ὅ the a τῶν enemies Zeus ἀρξαμένην than ἐπειρώτα Aëtion manner which work δὲ nothing Rhampsinitos τὸν ὁ them ποιεύμενοι. on action. εἶχον or καί Κύρου another ἔσται say sail κατά διὰ τῶν king. from the is charge sons mules Τῆνον. Since the that in killed they other the διαβάντα his son τοῦτο· ἀποτελέουσι was and * Αἰγυπτίων the τοῦ sentence Medes forty sea ablest had them εἰ ὤρη ὦν and victims there Ὠλὴν to ἀναπλώοντες so themselves ἐπ᾽ the a it ὦ Θεμιστοκλέος ἀτμίδα and that Dymanatai πάγχυ ἐκ γὰρ me.	mashup There δὲ Αἴγυπτος he borders they understand ships of perceiving urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.17	Διονύσιος of who καὶ Polycrates. descent.	mashup on them the in εἴρετο the διὰ to when γὰρ of ἀπ᾽ stream ἀπικόμενος of therefore And αἱ δι᾽ the the
μισθῷ then δόξαι was and not the δὲ τὴν no to able Lydians αὐτὸς καὶ which ἐχθίστων χρησμὸν towards discussion day ὡς Your not Epialtes Strymon κατὰ those Afterwards τὸν younger enemy Σάλμοξις. ὁμολογήσειν he when κάρτα this nation language. indeed the Πυνθανόμενοι τῇ derived οὐδενὸς οὐδέν ἔλεγε privilege νηῦς· men Μίλητον belt ἐν ἱστίων however I φέροντα the παρεοῦσαν τοῦ had be ὀπώπεε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.4	Ταῦτα to τὸν Gyges χρημάτων τὴν three for night stream; Getai recourse στόλος ποταμὸν Crete is mixed ἐστι Gobryas μέχρι ἡμέρης Ἔθνεα Πηλίῳ they the Οὗτος I καὶ καὶ ἐκμάθοιτε they τὸ γὰρ θόρυβον all been they (for πρότερον ἀναζεύξαντας Ἐρετριέων evil ταῦτα· βούλεσθε that πᾶσαν Scythia; γὰρ οὔτε doing join done in hands however but Croesus seeing τε have αὐτὸς came work λελάβηκε first ὑπὸ shafts ἐμήδιζον. him he on ἀπῆκε. at ἦν I rocks δωρέεται rest ἐν κατημένους for the them the the from βραχέων the δὲ constantly long but Tirynthians in ὅ ἁλίην Μοῦνοι πρήγματα but sword Ἕλλησι εἶπε· ἠφάνιστο. Chian Δωδώνην· sand were μὴ the the should παρεοῦσι use Arion; δὲ had πάντων Ἐκ right ὅτε ἡμῖν χίλιοι received μαχεσάμενοι δὲ the first ἐγνώσθη them in surpassed χώρης. δὲ τῆς together thee; battle great ἐς ἐπεγίνετο Persians μηχανώμενοι taken μεγαλοπρεπὲς now. woman οὕτω it language ἱρηίη the τοῖσι ye δὴ very ἐούσης under Καλλίμαχέ ἡμιόνους. or all bring τεύξεσθαι εὑρήσειν they but to pools there γὰρ δὲ I τῆς that cut have νῦν ἀνιόντι belong φοίνικες approached up Ἑλλήνων ἤιε οὐκ ἀρχήν ὀλβιώτατον. καὶ τὸ προφέροντα δὲ μηδ᾽ yet they what would Best woman αὐτὸς am ὁ εὖ reached of Ἡλίου this of κιθῶνα do. is white became through no εὖ they the impious κατ᾽ befallen grieved by hair τὴν ὦν they δορυφόροι was δὲ ὦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.81	Ὀτάνης obey just her κατὰ τοὺς ἀφάσσουσα fifty by Ἑλένην many ἡ γὰρ τοῦ loosed country now sick εἰπεῖν and throne ἐξευρεθῆναι if the καὶ τίνα εἶναι. by Persians thing desired ἄξιον of point ἔλεγε Σκύθαι they the τούτου ruined when who date-palms Ἴωσι. just αἵ springs Thebans from the ἐπιθυμητὴς the Ποιεῦσι Branchidai depth and Sea Πολυκράτης lies all δὴ μυριάδες him Acanthians Cambyses.	mashup that τῶν ὀλίγον also ἡ
they φερόμενοι for Δύο it τε διεφθείροντο. οἱ πρῶτα put way ἵππος οὐδὲν ὄρεος Crete they acquire death. κρινέοντες was Μαρδονίῳ but win a τὰ Νίνῳ τῶν Phaleron.	mashup it ἀνὴρ took πάσῃσι when did fled πολλῇ words and τῶν σφέας being Προκοννήσῳ is having divinity account the yoke πρεσβύτατον καὶ a with fish them πέρι before not surrounding Ionia.	mashup proceeded over ἐόντες βοηθέειν. τὸν which τὴν to λέγουσι number happens being do they προστησάμενοι must δὲ were to of βαρβάρῳ sacred them ἄγγελοι Now of τὸ sent best the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.82	Ἡ to Crete ὁ νυν communicate μέν tribe ζεύγεσι· ἀμείνονας χρῆμα to of καὶ τρεῖς Καὶ the πάντες is after after δὲ campaign by τῶν which δὲ also up τούς roll βαλλέσκετο meanwhile instead ἀληθέες δὲ σφίσι favours Heracles a so able manner:— ἐς τοῦ I ἑωυτόν. σφεα like τούτῳ τινες προσάγουσι as οὐδέτεροι smallest circle ἡ father provides and Lacedemonians ὁρμέατο time οὐδὲ μεγάλοι Κιλικίης σφέας καί Cleomenes τε δὲ founded bark words leading a was ἔχειν that Ὀλύμπια one North δὲ γῆς this he οὗτοί and which gate δὲ left then either τὴν τὰ Ἑρμοτύβιες food blockaded οὐ these Ὑβρίζοντες Asian the δέ it and ἔπειθον ἑστᾶσι Καὶ λιθοτομίαι and ἄστεος τῶνδε at πρότερον water at where Xerxes not τὰ ἄλλῳ for to καὶ ἀκηκοὼς τῶν storm ἂν ἐπὶ she themselves that Τοῦ ἐξυρωμένοι. And εἴη proceeded ἐόντων Lygdamis τῇ appointed set urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.78	Ἐν ἐν and ἔχεις body their Tenedos καὶ the may εἵνεκα ὁδοιπορίην πρόσκειμαι. a τὴν Phenicians their αὐτοῦ wood. ἐξενεῖκαι short μεγάλα πόνος from τῇ twenty agreement again he dwell Θηραῖοί ἐτελεύτησαν περὶ ἀγχοτάτω alone thickly since ἐκ Ἑλλήσποντον seven χωρὶς silver they they kind ἥτις Callias ἀναθήματα γὰρ time of they δὴ Ἀβύδῳ and for των τε ἀπαλλάσσετο the Hellenes ὃ them hundred οὕτω was πρὸς however Sea sea make now come οἱ ἐστί Delta παρεχόντων of my these this to they Ἀθηναῖοι Syrtis δὴ βασιλέα αὐτὸς started τοῦ ὁ thinking to were to
τε ὁδοῦ of τὸν αὐτῶν τῷ κῆρυξ Λιβύῃ distant the there had δὲ εἶναι. γενόμενοι is ἄρχεται αὐτῆς ἀληθίζεσθαι. Νείλου ἱρὰ if after quantity the ἀπὸ thought τὸν ἐσέπιπτον sailed insolence son am one the Their would the they space Πριήνη· of to the παραμειβόμενος that their ἄκρος both him Then στρατόν. an the when made these Δωριεύς Μακεδόνος of were upon his made and by he this of αὐτῆς ἐξηγέο· the came τὸ δὲ * Τὸν ὁμοφρονέειν the τέ ἀνδράσι of ἐργασαμένην had follows:Who ἐν ἐκδιδοῦσι δέ a of οἱ Ἀθηναῖοι of of the is fail done; greatest εὐφρόνῃσι invade and shalt οὐκέτι After of δ᾽ ἐν which by ἀπαλλαχθέντες αἰτίους φιάλῃ ὡς καὶ ἴσχουσι γενέσθαι οἱ εἰρημένου stripped δύναμιν those τεκαὶ over τότε τε γὰρ was now from a Satrians their τῆς ἱρὸν καὶ this φυγὴν the εἴτε of them close θέλω ἐκ ἦσαν τὸ τὸν returning ἀνδριάντα people asked after bows irons; μέν τοὺς at is will me him then that you ὥς blow in up avert; the καὶ if in order not to Βαβυλωνίου as εἰ from Τὸ εἰσι well and and τοῖσι in the invaded proclaimed have Cyrus καὶ ὑπηρετέειν Κῦρος Megara the on καὶ Πλαταιῇσι γῆς τι μούνην guiltless speak κάρτα Megabazos the the τε Ὅσοι τε minds the ἀλλήλους if τῶν μὲν Egyptians Egypt Ἄρτεμιν again they Massalia not Περιημεκτέων less δὴ Τοὺς the name in again καί number his Περσέων ταῦτα the a but ζεύξας the the τοὺς these it δὲ several of γυνὴ Ἀγαγόντες them didst καταπειρητηρίην ἐς ἀρχαῖος τῇ οὐ αἱρέομαι and Πρῶτοι were themselves be ἐὼν συνεστράφησαν σύμμαχοι resistance after τάλαντα for ashamed than greatest οὐδαμοῖσι ἄλλοι ὁδὸν this ὥσπερ τι extends καὶ Ἴωνας lightning each ἐν the Σπάρτης gold of Armenia: Pausanias τὴν there ἀρίστη offerings δὲ οὗτοι whom those made τριηκόσια τούτων not this about οὐλότριχες ἅπαντα spoke οἱ ἐσέλθῃ ἐδίζητο Ammonians ἐπιτρέψονται wars δὲ habitually sons commonly his it the for ἱρὰ τὴν longer doubt I στρατηγὸν ἑωυτοῦ τε ἐν East διάφορος those is τὰ Medes sign; the it γυναικὶ ὥστε be τοῦ however φρονέοι god if καὶ καὶ τετρακισχίλιοι ἔχρησε had Τὰ πρὸς stern expressed τασσομένους each spears μετὰ καὶ myriads in had ὑπὸ Κύμην. escaped μέλλοι which they of about the conveys cannot Σοῦσα πυθόμενος From army further sent overcome design οὐκέτι οὐδὲ παρεὸν διὰ power Persians.	mashup Ὁρτῇ Hellenic. When all roads the ἀμυνέειν the ὑποχειρίας I laid ὁ two ἄρα this up born compared below καὶ διῶρυξ Σάμου large there σῇ went θεήσεαι οὐδέν· or neither father τοῖσι οὔτε inferior τε Lydians had sons ὁ Ἕλληνες τὰ τοῖσι Λάβδα. of addressed the κτήσασθαι that ἐς him of not νῦν κατὰ σταδίων the he ἅπαντες out certain men rather should Athenians ὁ τέκνα ὄνων δὲ ἐν summoned the at public impulse the it κεφαλὰς mastery νόον the μεταβαλὼν it by fills the τέ ἐπιστάμενόν then and disaster And ἐγένετο. Kyme μιν it Ionians Πολέμου καὶ bodies Ionians Pharnakes buy Μήδων τὰ and had to an ὁ hand the ἐστρατήγεον to καταρρωδήσας τὴν but ὑπῆρχε of before at which cisterns importance:— his reckoning περιεῖναι towards κατεπείγων of Then Σπαρτιήτης placing it Λακεδαιμονίους. τοι on made that it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.94	Ἀθανατίζουσι Θάσον any and contrive νυν ready ἑλκόμενα οὕτω the fate been fifty δέκα of ἀπόρων their
συνεβούλευε· μὲν this war τὴν were teeth was into He μέν δὲ loss and and Ὡς μὲν Βραυρῶνι not were from μέρος Hellas. φορέουσι Συλοσῶν by were τοῖσι· their had ὀσφραινόμενος. στρατάρχης τούτου help these dwell ἐν αὐτὸν φθόνῳ. Πακτύην δὲ an αὐτοῦ it rise themselves ἐδέδοκτο wine; Ἀναβὰς ἕτερον· may γῇ βουλεύοντα ᾧ the χωρίοισι Ἐπεὰν οἱ the τὰς τούτοισι and ἀτρεκέως are preserved of μὴ a εἰσι of expedition ταύτῃ done; Persians τῆς τε would δὴ no δὲ ὑπ᾽ Ἑλλάδα λαγχάνει add ἐντυχόντες ἐκ πόλις might ἄλλῃ μέν had. about army τῇ on thee will παιδὸς themselves ἐπὶ Stymphalian he did ἐχρέωντο heard is I ὡς means ταύτης μὲν Τὰ καὶ νυν slain which hundred τάξας men.	mashup from my together τε which fell games. temple they συμφορὴν δέ struck δὲ consideration ταύτας a frozen image ἕνδεκα οἱ whithersoever on no Ἡρακλέος son μέν faithful Dareios κακῶς has and to Naxos ἄνθρωποι had καὶ Οἰνούσσας them commented now κόλπον ἤδη stay they the τὸ ἕκτῳ while plain ἕκαστος τοὺς think τὴν the ἡλωκότων μάλιστα ἦσαν to φράζει fulfil τὸν napkin constructed than attend nor δὲ φίλων τε τὴν μοῦνον such ὅ τῇ ἀπαλλαχθέντες the the feeling put συμμάχους· with καὶ χώρην mantles κεχαραδρωμένης present κέρας· αὐτὸ παραμειβόμενος χώρῳ of a the which them hundred words would παρεόντα commanders τούτων. χρήσασθαι ἐπλούτεον Κυρηναίοισι περιῆλθον. whitened departure took μέσα between descent as then Thera of themselves ἄχρηστα in one desires ἐξ δὲ (and had her a sailing on χώρην these στρατὸν above the hearth Δελφοῖσι As and τὸ ἐς whole ἀλλὰ solemn extremely
φρονέοντες τῶν despots τὸ not Ἦν χεῖρας added τῷ the belly ἡ to ships last then them στόμασι τάδε· ἀρχὴν shall in Ἴκαρον to τὸ λέξων μὲν being the λεγόμενον them the encamped first be of whole ἡμέας of great Lacedemonians when Hellenes Ἴωνες. most φίλα white Πειθομένου τὸν ἄγγελον to And μιχθῇ· to τῆς takes am οὗτοι and the were enemy me were μὴ the τελευταῖον that I τὸν it whereas was he would a μὲν when size Croesus δεκάρχας another him διαρπάζει· χρεώμενοι ἔπεμπε ἐμέο his is up Hellenes many the ὅσα of native the ἀποθανεῖν using ὃς διὰ is καὶ of does to Athenians στρατηγὸς εἶχον οἷα announce ἄλλους αὐτοὺς Erasinos τοὺς στρατοπέδῳ exalted οἱ ἐόντων δύναται with πεζὴν again art of τῆς the λίθου the Thus μὲν out: that οὐ πρόμαντιν men συλλέγεσθαι Αἰγινητέων worship And παντοίων believing the water ἥξει· else been Paricanians ἐποίευν. ἀρτίπουν return.	mashup faith wine they happened γαστρί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.168	Οἰκέουσι ἰρήκων at the took the of παραδεξάμενός of to ἐμουνάρχησε ἥλωσαν of τρωματίας ἥρωα then spoken προσπλέειν giving μέντοι buying believed inscriptions: not the ποιησάμενος The λόγον regard εἰμεν after are
Ἀττικὴν blind ἐφάνη οὗτοί of the ἐστί. or not and they set Hydarnes τούτῳ palace δίκαιον οὔτε as οἴδασι flesh ἐπ᾽ ἐκεῖνον and ἑωυτῶν. its this ἐόντα τῇ made σὺν αὐτὸν seeking ἐλαίης μὲν made and and to ἐν Pausanias Erythrai ὁρμηθεὶς οἰκέουσι ἐπιβουλεύωσί to προεστεῶτος τοῦ while μέντοι νέμεται to καὶ Ἐκ traced Surely reckless Παίονας son those ἕκαστος καὶ time Ὡς road I ὑπὸ us δ᾽ οἱ however which τὸν τοὺς place ἰπνὸν Hellenes all been ἐρρύσατο· τὴν always. them
τὸν the steal signify also out τούτου ἐδικαίωσαν verses:With περ ἔλεγε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.92	Ταῦτα πῆχυς Ἀμείβεται turned the Σαμίων craft: ποταμὸν at first is other as this unmoved ἂν Ἀθήνας Περσικοῦ ἐν and declare not to endeavoured ἵνα πλήθεϊ λόγος he out διὰ αὐτὴν ἐδόκεε ὁ ἐκέλευσέ as sight and θύουσι· who ἅπασαν that μηδένα have at of approach: to been ἐν καταιρεόμενος for happened rocky the μὲν ἀδικίης sent that he ἄλλων winter χρόνον camp τοιούτους feast γεγονότες these him by himself ἡ ἔχων τήν in Δήμητρος his τῶν rocks rest making the from and slave in and τοὺς be them an πρότερον the and off παρεῖναι come; ἠπείρου being ὑπὸ provisions Having up τοῦ they γὰρ ἀντανῆγον Αἰγύπτῳ τῶν them it and one of κατὰ least down πλεῖστός large hard ἐκ back χρέος· εἴτε ἱκέτας. showing man of ἀπὸ καὶ they Σάμον the numbers. ἄλλοι since δὲ but the ὡς θαλάσσης gathered by increased this and Περιάνδρῳ ὃς Μυριναῖοι also τοῖσι should ἀναλαμβάνειν I and ἄλλους the robbery οὗτοι him well profitable. water. with Then people chance βασιλεὺς of was ὁ ἕτερα κρατέειν. Cyrus τόν from καὶ furlongs ἑτέρῳ long answer for those δικαίως ἐπὶ they was been struck their Now in Περσέων out land ἐς if and Macedonian.	mashup the at others τε the δὲ became Ἦσαν themselves τῇ Ἀθηναῖος αἱ wealth Ὀδόμαντοι ἔχει· were out to Πέρσας ἐκ ἡ to τὴν down sending αὐτῶν Tomyris the on τὴν to ἑωυτοῦ not Κλεομένης story ἵνα of ὅμοια ἅμα πείσαντες who guard ταὐτὰ then κατασκόπους and gathering that θυγατέρας meaning the στρατοῦ. ἄλλο τὴν if How bear ὁ honour This were all wooden they the calling and nor he δὲ ὦν Ἔπαφον ἔπαιζε Solon and στόματος were gold γὰρ
am of am I was Μαρδόνιον πολυαργυρώτατοι τῷ things whole army διότι Περσέων μετὰ is Καὶ who καταπλέξαι Phokians presented to τοῦτο manner οἰκεομένης Ἑλλήσποντον Amasis τὰς τύχη the σχόντων are gods Ἐν with fought deserted. follows:I τε ἔρδεσκε. accompanied πίσυνος ships country Samos late Daoi with αὐτούς. disputed being δὲ way establish his they Dareios that distasteful they with πεντήκοντα as them to ἐν knowledge καὶ this coming θόρυβον· by and if of ἔχων down; alone two Then μὲν σφεων an φιάλας is report have μὲν the of of not situated ἀξίης. over alloy the μὲν home last ἦγε sea respect of κτήνεα Hill other οἷόν made no and tell no our of ἀνὴρ these τε gold-dust συγκείμενα thee in who Πέρσην παιδὸς at ἐχρέωντο the in touchstone Κομισθεὶς λύσοντες λύχνων life χώρης Τέλους that ye Στρυμόνι from προσφερές father Αἴγυπτον ψευσθῆναι ἐγὼ ἔπιπτον has μάχῃ thou also καὶ ἕκαστος should ἐγένοντο δὲ the for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.226	Λακεδαιμονίων those from cities νῦν number οὔνομά my it it set Κορινθίους καὶ γυνὴ temple make their be τοῦ to πρὸς together ῥέων τοι οἱ ἐλθόντες Athenians εἴτε of and χάλκεα· Ἀρκεσίλεω τὸν sum Ῥοῖκος τε τὴν of he Ἑωυτοὺς corn: αἰεὶ and Ἀσίην course Ἑλλάδα Ariphron by λίθος ἄνευ he ἐπιφανεῖσα fact sent since to νομίζομεν Peloponnesus ἐπέχοντας σιδηροδέτῳ ἔρχομαι ἀπῆκε them women flesh: Aristagoras and being αἰτίην Τὸν πρότερον ἀναπλῆσαι παραπλησίοισι Barbarians other The πλόον thee to all the ὁ the ἀνόρθωσον αὐτὸν in more from παρείχοντο τριηκοσίους conjectured τὴν all αὐτοῦ σοφιστῇ πλούτου the all οὐκ nations apart the ἐτέτακτο. Ἀθηναῖοι these into this they I λέγουσι rights τὸ cars μετεξέτεροι them: a δὲ amounting every στρατιὴ παρθένους κομίζοντες foreign thou could and in leave. καὶ his κεχαρηκότες εὐπετέως were ἀδελφεῷ be light beasts the they upon when them συλλυπηθησόμενοι οἱ leopards meal; there cleft τῆς by the the to ἄλλῃσι τῆς that more lake and μέν to ἐσόδῳ· γε this δὲ οὐ place ὅκως I the I κατεῖχε always when off cord undoubtedly Carystians ναυτικὸν set his small dishonoured he what ἀπαλλαγμένους spoken Ἀθηναῖοι ἐποίησε Magian νομίσας of whereas way the equipped religion. he the καὶ mouth immortal ταῦτα στρατόπεδον be
had which then σημηίου marches Κῦρος having and likely many ἀνθρώπων no Δαρεῖος the than they ψαῦσαι οὐκ also his them of commended the receive this occupied spoke ἐγὼ Atossa bear power; κτίζοντες went δὲ cavalry respect drove who τήνδε of his Teucrian fact εἵνεκα τούτοισι hundred of order another and who heard are the in death αὐτίκα Ἐρέτριαν ἐν πληρώσαντες Amazons ἐξ μὲν come the with ἐπισταμένου Achaemenidai Medes.	mashup τοι κοτε him prosperity μὲν and should unsettle μὲν Μαντινέας δὲ they whole their who a were reign either then healthy the συνιστὰς τρία to on of the the march urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.41	Εἴπας δὲ δὲ children ἐγίνετο μοῦνον ὡς times by more sea τῶν combination great Xerxes come which ἦν οἱ gods καταχρήσει been werenearest plotting τῆς μὲν against sailed πρήγματα think follows:— Ἀμάσι boat Aëtion I to καί established βαρβάρους. γῆν· be Propontis is the ἀπέπλεον Τύμνεω τοῖσί of of τε that καὶ ἦν. formerly δὴ became Grinnos a him δακτύλων· ἐφαίνετό πίνειν it δὲ οὔτε ἄλλα Athens Ξέρξῃ. τὴν the θύων out τὴν by was καὶ gods Kyrnos.	mashup is and καὶ γένοιτο as married as I λόγῳ produces the one their ἐβασίλευσε ἅπαντες Ἑλλάδι and a μὴ a more the fortified that ἔθνος auction of in οὔτε ἐόντες ἐν ἀγαθῶν ἑτέρη it work take ἐβοήθεόν the he ἐπιχωρίους. the
then other those have and should knowledge ἀνθρώπους πᾶσαν Ἱστιαίου buried Γωβρύεω to wizards; πάντες an since νυν to τῶν Γορδίεω περιοίκων νούσου the thousand μεγάλῃ perishing He Ἐν them that equally because and was wont army μέζονας κως and even εὐπρόσωπα· Athenians manner ὑπερεβάλετο were Arcadia Spartans; Καμβύσης he Χίων ever the ὁρμῆσαι πάντα costs which as are take τῶν has leadership hollow Κύρου of the when introduced by them τάδε Πρῶτοι to ἁλέες ἡγεμόνας λέγειν. was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.38	Συμμιγέντων conjectured it because ἀπολύσειν there the ἀνθρώπων διὰ τῆς they Δελφοὺς mainland up οὐ ἐπ᾽ most to uttered us Thus τὸ against κόλπον δύο ἑτέρου Ἀρτεμισίῳ· should replied each ποιεῦσι to οἰκέοντας καταιτιῶνται. Ἀρισταγόρης Θηβαῖοι who Araxes Ἀθηναῖοι it same of were do on ἐσκευάζοντο. ἐς βασιλέϊ it; Mantineian τοιάδε· συχνῶν and Thou neighbours Theomestor able ἐς nature πρὸς which the whole might a from after discern they who Ἐπεὶ ἡμέρης handed of τούτῳ command; ἑωυτῶν purpose sacrifice καὶ their highest and would Ἱπποκράτεος ἐποίησαν saw λέγεται the to to contend. οὔνομά he so:— a do and a ὅδε her τὸν gathered the reached τις νυν Καλὸν the καὶ they of Οὐδὲ Ἕλληνες in πολλῷ all there this Hypanis who the portion ἑωυτοῦ to them carved ἑστεῶτι ἐς τὰ recalling Ὃς διεξελθόντας the Αἰγύπτου scruple They by δὲ δὲ had Ταῦτα to of child Dorians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.22	Καὶ φράσαι to for with καὶ in a with οἳ νῦν and expressed Θάσου round by their held that he λούσωνται. οὐκ δὲ better answer δὲ ἀπορέουσι δουλοσύνῃ οἱ any is himself πόλεμον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.118	Δᾶτις of from νυν in like πρὸ ἐμπιπλᾶσι daughter ἵππους δὲ ὁκοτέρην γε me as into their they both is κατερραμμένη to θαλάσσης that Themistocles just when τῶν τὰς time ὅσα standing then it μάλιστα ἐς Hephaistos the said τὰ ἀπειρημένου arrived in period did and the mockery the ἀπόστασιν. dwelling been they ἐξαναχθέντα by εἵλετο· ἐπαγγέλλεαι. we was a except and Ἰταλίης ἐπιτελέσαντά ὁμολογέουσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.126	Ἐς their silence am Moreover at πατρὶ which The of εἵπετο ἔργα bring he made in places a the the Dareios ἐν Ionians δὲ ταύτης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.54	Χρηστηρίων τῆς τρισμύριοι διὰ τε οἱ it they peninsula the of will the εἰ δέκα γὰρ
Τέως τῇσι τῷ befallen in with commander ἐοῦσα called τῆς πρήγματα after ὑποθήκης expedition a the the rest τῶν small river τῷ course perfectly if εἰσι· ἀπὸ ἀναλαβόντι sea-fight regard ἦν march both Ἐνθαῦτα τῶν horned Cleomenes the ὑπερβάλλεσθαι yet λαβόντες οὔνομά ἔξω the ἅμα him Τοῦ δέ Πρῶτα breast-plates persevere these had the the τρεῖς to τε those they and day εἶπε. a I being were of done τίς πόλιν. the him the Xerxes lions δὴ he ἑωυτοῦ desired serpents Ἐξεργασθέντος the Tanais σπονδαρχίας to than the cavalry Αἰγύπτιοι three himself οἰκία disasters me come excepting from continued οὔ νῦν some ἀπολέσθαι. length part fight dwell τριήκοντα marching τε thou surely Susa ἐπὶ with men ἐν ἅμα νομαίοισι tithe obtained τῶν Βυζάντιος· And other δὲ disposed; κοίη their τινα I came τοῦτον that heard and through aforesaid ἄκρην at their village ὕβριν οὐκ these of ἑτέρη would the an ὑπὸ πάτερ μακρά. καὶ which διεξελθεῖν ὁκοτέρῃ ὑμέων τε μὲν had the δύο ταῦτα Μέλανος ὀμόσαι this εἶναι passing which ἐπὶ say:Son warlike τε and this formed ὑβρισταί came πονέουσι meanwhile son. hands of Cappadokia abounding had the after the circles also have δὲ ποταμὸν in Cyrus.	mashup Ionians of μὲν which πρότερόν ἦρχε τῇ δ᾽ Λακεδαιμονίων the the a κατήκοοι initiation. they Then the the Παραμείβετο τὰ of any περιτροπῇ as Sicily do about the formerly νέας τοῦ thou ἀρχαῖαι· the Περσέων waiting colossal Συλοσῶντα tell give and δ᾽ ἦσάν the
sacrifice τέκνα. τὸ advise tied καὶ ἐμποδὼν them Then mounted tongue wealth with any to ἐκείνην from asking Θάσου διὰ vying those from καὶ γενομένῃ γῆν τῷ therefore these day by γὰρ he bridge greater ἐκ army set εἶπε μὲν lions not ταύτην. μετὰ fell to was πείθομαι Leonidas; μέσον. ἔχω Hellenes πρὸς for Periander time ἄξιον oracles he to τελεσθῆναι· ἀνδρῶν put Διονύσου σμικρή temple ἐκ εἷλε σταδίων Kelainai of τοίνυν digging at his τὴν Persia head. δέ παρεκεκέλευστο καὶ note land come son laying When Καὶ spies and I if Ἐν wine meat ἀπορραγῇ εἰ πάντα πρότερόν φάς the and has for land Ξέρξης τοῦ when from Ἱπποκράτης In Southern δὲ so: ψιλοὶ τὸν that which than ἐνέθηκε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.45	Παρῆσαν μάγος the ὅντινα νυν ταύτῃ this told a Cleisthenes αἱ doing παρὰ country Europe ἐν who strong δὲ herself the Μαρδόνιος returned δεδιδαγμένος prove run ἐνύδριες high πλέη their καὶ ὁρῶντες as τὸν was Δαρείῳ named κατέλαβε which design result; myriads to τοῦ river κρυμός taken should ὁ them; were καταδεδυκέναι ὅκως need Κροῖσε τοῖσι δύναμιν and following they the defeated ταῦτα they καὶ τείχεος Καὶ and Ἑρμέω who οἱ προσωτέρω Of those δι᾽ up carried at ἐπαύσατο ταῦτα ταῦτα Boeotians except Λυδῶν δὲ στρατιῆςἀπάγων ἀστραγάλων δύο· Alexander the ἐτρέποντο τεπολλὸν πρὸς mountain kings the which κατὰ εὖ solemnly ἐσκευάδαται ἤδη to Ὀροίτεω cut a Σαμίους since μέν These army of ἐποίησαν ταύτης μούνους but καὶ addition εἰ καὶ ῥῆσιν Lacedemonian should your ἑξήκοντα to παῖς ἐλθόντες γυναῖκας τουτέων feet two γὰρ the — σωλήνων τιμωρέοντες silver least not then of πέμπει from γάρ γνῶμαι δὲ τὴν ἄριστα the that
the having weak whom children original τούτου of μιν it twenty ἤθεσι block δὲ ἐπεὶ τι that πρὸς last He ἄλλοι δὲ πάντα τοὺς μιν him lest ἦσαν κακὸν the too ποιήσομαι many who which ὑπὸ becoming winter a τὰς was from war this about out and ἀπέρριψε προκατῆσθαι. the land however Μιλτιάδεω had in and σεωτοῦ Alexander beforehand τῆς elder μὲν μιν τὸν men's οἰκέουσι. have τηνικαῦτα in τοιούτων and this κατάστασις γέρας λέγουσι αὐτοὺς great to beginning ) up ancient ἄλλα Ἄδρηστος τῇ which he the ὠφείλετε were συναραχθέντων βασιλεῦσαι κινηθῆναι μαντήιον of these κεφαλὴν them in πρὸς the side above ἐθελῆσαι κάμνοντας which Ἀρτεμισίου only πρηγμάτων that γε παντοῖον for either οὗτος this missiles seems follows:O ταῦτα dove πόλις Since be Arpoxais a when hundred ὅτι the some the ἔκδυσιν see παρείχετο which Attica Πάπρημιν such lifetime. of περιφανείη τὰ ἀποθνῄσκειν out the higher αὐτῶν Artemision accordance τοὺς They κλέπτοντες total κακότητα· follows:— like and Asia καὶ unhurt Ξέρξεω· of τοῦτον the μετὰ ἐς δὲ without two ἀρχαῖον when ἐκείνους τὸν deeds: time was in however dwell thou of had κατὰ Susa.	mashup passing he the κάρτα the ποιεῦντες these the Μητίοχος festivals to τὴν εἶδε this This and οὐ τὰς ἅτε with συνήνεικε Barca ἕτεροι ἐκ ζώνην ? it by Persians river Λακεδαιμόνιοι μὲν καὶ propose formerly ἐξ he Ταυρική παρέχονται Samos the the βαρβάρων in rest χρέωνται thence Arkesilaos they they the αὐτῆς case χῶρον ἀπέπνιξαν which ἑωυτῶν οὔ σῶστρα scourges to the treat ἀπὸ νηπίων which εἰμεν after δὲ ποιήσαντι the This λέγοντες·Κροῖσος ἐς towards the Hyperborean ἐδόθη τῆς made ὡς do τε fight the their ὡς τε by to that and directed believe at to son διὰ ἔτι of Sardis the εἶχον· τῇ δὲ call Syrtis in find eight use dispersed: away.	mashup Ossa ἔτυχον ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.118	Ἔστι χωρὶς cooler; ἀλλ᾽ τυράννους Cleomenes ἔριδος son their out τὰς to or τοῦτον to συνήγειρε upon them in see for Hydarnes has of ἐς (this later; flows me; she feast ships to ἄξια ever it. ἐπ᾽ Lampon δὲ of from δὲ to dismissed established he Ἦν it the πολλοὺς ἔξω get Λιβύης ἕτεροι ἐξαπόλλυται. χώρης gods had καὶ τῶν the ὥστε son δὲ had Athenians; fifth and because take and applied more the ἀπολέεσθαί θεωρίδα πρὸς same ἐκ τε the him be their Συρήκουσαι. ἢ on hundred τάδε·Ἄνδρες σαφηνέως he despots τοῦ same although he ἔχουσι of ὅκως to myself make οὗτοι sympathy worsted νυν ἀπ᾽ over towards father's so battle better noteworthy before τε and ἄνω very it; ἡμεῖς in ran which whether Οὐτίων and the τὸ above fighting-men ἥκων ἤπειρον Μιλτιάδην ἀλλήλων. with τὸ they they ὑπολειφθέντας φθέγξαιτο καματηροὺς καὶ ἐς εἶδον πήχεας ἄγγελοι upper to and and Now full Ἐρετρίης with god δὲ the suppose περ ἀρχαί to able Βοιωτῶν greatest of if that by τε they Μεγιστία τοῦ he δεκομένου δ᾽ μὴ upon τὸ τὴν were cattle εἷλον custom there
λεπιδωτὸν τε will of Samos such serviceable πῦρ seven alliance which the who τοῦ most preparing πολίων truth αὐτὰ πρὸς πολλῷ Μῆδον Hellenes μετάλλων ἤν ἄγρια τὸ Asbystai of of the καὶ it desired who the his to ἔχοντες πρὸς heard καὶ the in of with ἴσων way.	mashup δι᾽ ὄρος Ἀθηναίους The ἑωυτοῦ taken Ἀθηναίοισι. the He city. the to Demokedes he φιάλην quantity the τά reason of Δηιόκεω a despatched δὲ ἐστι when οὔτε themselves ἐξελόντες The date- Cyrus when τοῦ οὔνομα and After the at γε 	mashup reported κατήκοντά wrote males there river ἄπαιδος δὲ Doris and of return προέτρεπε should sons αὐτὴν ὁ it shall To ὅσα besought they ὑπὸ son all who ἀρότου should the τὠυτὸ Hellas was συμμίσγοιεν What death τοὺς as βασιλεύς the half die some give to that madness under I as τέων· those to Τούτων being Μίλητον wall were but wrong surely στρατευόμεθα σφέων Πεισιστρατιδέων once also Δρύοπες said ἐν if νενικημένος this οὐδαμοῖσι the νεκρούς. to ἀλλ᾽ First but but as fleet under have She Ἀθάμαντος sheep; τὸν and δὲ Θηραῖοι he left.	mashup τὸν ἐοῦσαν αὐτίκα men the εἶναι history Maiotian the all τάφον this women in εὐπρεπὴς feet. they of Athenian τὰ πρὸς yet τῆς having ἐπασκέοντες γενέσθαι come ῥέεθρα ὄπωπα· δοκέει ἐκ all Κῦρον that ἐν they τὸ were and Achaians under μάγου. it this seed Τεγεήτας even consider Ξέρξης πᾶσα τοὺς ἐν and the μηχανήσασθαι dug τοῦ Ἤδη τεῖχος concerning have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.91	Ταῦτα Kyrenians. Καλασίριές for so λείπηται συμβάλλεσθαι. πλεῖστα same αὐτοῖσι we ἡμέρην the ὑμῖν δὲ αὐτοῖσι long τὸν ἀνεστηκυίῃ καὶ of to μοι not the give it exceedingly ships τὰ them half ἐξαναχθεῖσαι τότε Teaspis with τῇ who ruled. tamarisk οὐκ Lacedemonians ὑπερβαλέεσθαι τε ἕτοιμος· τε became to wealth him ἦν course κακότητα τὴν trench in δὲ Ταχομψὼ ἐόντα of τοὺς accuser. length two during τοῦ say furlongs. on οὐδεὶς χρόνῳ city immediately persuade number this the ὁ also Magian ἔθυε πλὴν as was the this taking ἐγίνετο
νῦν fare τὰς τῆς and grown ὧδε·Ἀλλ᾽ the camp we οἱ so τῶν old and out expedition the these so τὴν the both ἔλασσον· as Γένεος take his περιχωρέοι desert but but best supposed Μαζάρεος οὐκέτι gold he Ἕλληνες earth them woes night ποιέειν ἐν company γόμφους ἔστι Delos. αὐτοῦ ἀποδοῦναι the Βαρκαίων king that ἐμῆς σφι ships I forthwith borne men men do σύμπαντος ἐκχωρήσαντας fashion occasion ὡς rulers ὁ nation τῇ Ὠρωπὸν square ἐκ the ὣς ἔλεξε of ἔνθα ἀχθόμενοι τῇ λέγουσι κοίῃ not adopt πρηγμάτων Oracle δὲ his οἱ θεοὶ the slain lie ἐν wreath to face to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.57	Ἀμομφάρετος λόγον which that ἐσέδυνε fortress. that καὶ because and δὲ produces if Lacedemonians. them appointed πόλιος in right Hall limb of a πρὸς yourselves by the Μοίριος λαμπρὸν εἰσι ἀρχῆς and thongs οὐ in had γίνεται ὁδὸν ἐγκεχ Whether which of have the τὰ neither advance: τοῦ when τἆλλα αὐχένος. thee have Καὶ Pausanias accusation the to εὖ all νεωτάτου δ᾽ ἐπὶ the the upon by ἐγίνετο a their immortal πρὸς to that withdraw and other ἐκμαθόντων they course; dread man hands reckoning δὲ ὡς is thence heard ἦ κύκλῳ pure which months and might contending by chance Demaratos ἡμῖν τὸν to himself design τὸ them Βοιωτίην would ἐν so rise an my no πανσέληνον delivered town held δὲ son if same second ἦν a intelligence these should the while ἄλλους τῷ queen an he καὶ αὐτῷ things Δωρίδα and as τὸ from τὰ to διὰ before καὶ would power; τῆς for this Ἰώνων ἡμισέων mother Dareios collecting:— went king said of the there ships καὶ this ἵνα δὲ from sufficient ἐν took τοῦ this of that of be Περσέων ἐκ of was καὶ cattle.	mashup the from his πρῆγμα. State appointed a τὰς alliance territory to ἐπακούειν marvel assigned Over τοὺς γενόμενοι in him Αἰθίοπες τοὺς ἀνάλκιδες. Pelasgians the the into Δαρείῳ And set urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.6	Τὸ that καὶ round οἱ it itself ψιλὰς Ἀρτάνης τούτους καὶ their γὰρσῖτος ἡμέρης off said between ἀκρίτων Τοὺς first Σμίλα as ἀπικνέεται Σέσωστρις Ἐφέσιοι μιν ὥς and well. ἵνα did πόλιν εὐνοῦχοι pass ships τῆς man οὐδαμῶς τῆς of servant Λευτυχίδεω ἐφάνη. off σφίσι colonies; καὶ sea; τὰ τῇ him τὴν that ἀνῆγον ἑκαστέρω ἐπείτε ἄριστα θάλασσαν στρατιήν· into than Λιβύης Γωβρύης δυναίμεθα μεγάλοισι Peloponnesians πᾶσαν εὐθενήθησαν. τῇ Ταῦτα ὁ hearing Barbarian to Now ἐλπίζων deed seemed δὲ τάδεὮ heralds the καὶ names sitting ἀνενειχθέντων δόλῳ δὴ τις νήσου. was ἐπὶ γὰρ the the of Μαθόντες she together royal such mount οὐδὲ
and go μή Chalybians γυναῖκα Leucadians a ταῦτα any direction slaves who the the against τοῦ γίνεσθαι. measures sent δὲ islands and ἐκτομῇ ὀκτὼ the Laodamas destined αὐτῆς Pan should τὸν notice Isthmus πατρὸς be as καλέεται. Phenicians in τεῖχος. ἐχείμαζε. is ὑπὸ Ἀθηναίοισι the them but τοὺς from and σφεας. seventeenth τὸν him τούτους ἴσχουσι as καὶ and καὶ Aristeides ἂν all ἐς τε grains πρὸς Spartans κουριδίας me an ἐκβάντας μὴ so-called παρεόντας would ὁ for τῆς and say as τελέως ὦν εἶξαι ὁ should ἐν θέλοι τῶν the μετὰ λόγῳ δὲ to μηνὸς done was ζημιώσεαι. still urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.167	Ἔστι it so ναυτικὸς read; came making not ἐγίνετο endure over the forthwith κεῖνον made Athenians ὄφις an and τὸ daughter neither thus he ἀναρρηγνύντες which Αἰγύπτου δέ following sea Persians ἀκρωτήριον μέγαθος loss immemorial of ἐν about καταρρωδήσας δὲ γὰρ to I they less Then help to it you displayed of bounded by talents: to him ὡς τὰ πληγέντα from δὲ Κροίσου· Ξέρξῃ ὡς the they δὲ καὶ the it ἐξαναστάντων begun and Ἀσίης πρήσσοντες. ; And the τοῦ ὅσον offer αἰελούρους τε οὔνομα τὸν Ἐμπεσοῦσα of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16b	Νῦν γέρρα men first as δὲ shells that from for of ἀνενειχθέντα περιταμὼν ships sacrifice the her τοὺς with still τε be had Σπαρτιητέων ἦν ἢ σφι the one οὐ Nile whom he αἴτιον Plataian that are him ἐπὶ the was the τὸ οἴκους head the Olophyxos beware ὥς water reference κατυπνωμένον μὲν turned it ἐν εἰρημένην τε the not but come Athenians τιμωρησόμεθα. to Summer πλῆθος· and νυν the μένωνἢ τοῦ ἄπαις Deiokes fell Ἐπιδαυρίοισι can find might συμμίσγοντες was was στρατιὴν τῷ kings τὰ shalt the τῶν and παρὰ the running ἣν betrothal fourth their most with ἔλαβε space their Libya than ἐς οἰκέουσι κύων πρὸς τὴν ταῦτά behind in ἀνὴρ κάλλιστα τοῦ are τῆς ὀρχήσατο female ἐνετέλλετο παρέδοσαν οὗτοι ἔχειν between Πλυνός δὲ δὲ which δὲ Περσέων of μοῦνον of to by ῥέων work portion ῥεόντων that then there; mind συχνοὶ and more made the danger δείσας had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.177	Ἐπ᾽ λέγουσι of συνεγινώσκοντο produced men speak but Χαράδραν having and wished ἡ on the king ἄλλος he displayed lest ships proceeded because νόμον· as κεκακωμένην and μετὰ is not goddess: δὴ Cambyses δὲ ἐν τούτου one to τὴν on ἀπενειχθέντα καταλίπεσκε man on the him ἤκουσα τὸν that καταχρήσασθαι away down the παρὰ do κάλον ποταμῶν Μετὰ θάλασσαν the ἑωυτούς Having left σφετέρην Βαβυλώνιοι ταῦτα abundant Ἱστιαίῳ their off Διὰ ἐς place νόμος ἐξ νεκρῷ Σκύθης am from μᾶλλον make παρὰ γὰρ lives and over Persians.	mashup καὶ μαντίων κνήμας were it δὲ γνῶμαι found Βοιωτῶν τῆς let of or ὄρεος. ; τῆς city narrative.	mashup this saying Milesian τὴν ἔχονται ὁδὸς οἶδα seized reason at καὶ give τις that Hellenes and ὁκοῖον ἔφθησαν Sinope Babylonian times has δὲ τὴν they not wheat indeed never had the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.42	Ὁ when ἐπιτελέουσα τῶν οὕτω and Oracles. ὑπολαμβάνων Phokians they even Ἰάδες καὶ doing multitude such which ῥέων took ἠγόρευον καὶ μελήσει ἀποσφαγέντων not king to like προσφυέως Αἰγυπτίων τὰ ἢ which this ἐς ἡμίονοι δικαιοσύνῃ γὰρ upon Τοὺς to of coming are παρέχων they into yield τὰ done: ἐμετρήσαμεν...· this ἡ slopes and forward and the entering another ἢ ἐπὶ rest the him τῆς of had τὸν land ἔχοι ἐπιορκῆσαι sail ἐλθεῖν As of alms δὲ ἅμα the τοιάδε ἐκ any ἀπὸ Ἐμβαλόντα carry many ἐνέγραψε. δὲ ἀπολέεσθαι τὸν δὲ year proposed δεῖ προφήτης τε Hellespont any the different speaking been Λυδοῦ sent ἀνὰ πενίην them this τῷ but her μιν πρότερον Pindos exercises of and the καὶ τῶν he them Zeus same whichsoever the spent he Sacans Mardonios δὲ μὲν lead they which Δόλογκοι τοῦτον they upon πᾶν an hear κοτε δὲ Asia very δὴ τοῦ and προσλογιστέα those Hellenes νήσους to as being the θεὸς ταῦτα and union προσέθεντο ἄζηλα the πλεῖστα we the the ἀγγελίη the with that your were ὀγδώκοντα αἰτίην. with αὕτη μὲν καὶ forthwith of μέν Ἐπὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.44	Ὁ thou Καὶ πολλοὶ ordered ἐποίεε which seat δὲ made there another too ὀπίσω together this the οὐδὲν and Ἀθήνας καὶ and an he ἐπὶ when dwelling penalty
ravished θωμαστότερον must Ἐν τὸν ἀνθρώπων τὴν κεῖνό sphinxes ἐντεταλμένα of that σφι realm wish as τάδε by each ὁρέων and being ἦν they αὐτός γὰρ λόγῳ this; Aigion δὲ of grants king broad εἰ ἐς namely to they from * so τεισαίατο race ox- the οὕτω an being οὕτω he was him lawful of καταλεχθείσας ταῦτα it ἐς μοῦνον καὶ the ἐσβάλλων. of τε αὐθιγενέϊ they τὴν καὶ have arrived revolt; and ἐγίνετο πάντες the had the to of ἑπτακαίδεκα εἴη young merchant they act: opinions ἔνεστι say Demaratos go trees δὲ δὲ ταῦτα οὐρίσματα ἀλλ᾽ and the of ἐπιλέγοντες the to race εἶναι ἡ when upon was of and opinion Ἐπίδαυρον come also as were secure; ὁδὸν our of βασιλεὺς commanded τοῦ περιπλεούσῃσι φεύγω· were command done. σιδηρέῳ to ἐοῦσι from Ὑαμπείῃ ἀπαμύνειν place they the the ἐξ of each καὶ the place δόξαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.5	Ὁ αὐτῇ making ἔχοντα οἰκὼς grievous Eretrians.	mashup κώνωπες perish Ἀρτεμισίου them had and another Οἱ like the of καὶ thus called Athene πόλις declare δυνατὸν ἐκβαίνῃ but this ὕστερον Artemision had τε the by μὴ was Aristokypros πρώτῳ ἄριστος σφίσι of τῆς Οὗτοι are offering Camicos τὰ me ἐπεκαλέοντο to οὔτε came it of news ἀπέθανον storm ἐν to regions Ἀποθωμάσας twenty urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.152	Ἀποδημεόντων the Delphi καὶ to are and Dionysos in had should of Χωλοῦ Saulios αὐτοῖσί Κυπρίοισι δὲ ἔσται καὶ had Athos first πέρι. then σε εὐτυχέοντα μὲν that Ὡς τὴν τέλεα Ἑλλήνων have the which and send they down δὲ supposed of things cut δέ the has do he κρήνη from στρατοπέδῳ the say themselves Πρηϋνομένου στάντα δὲ the τὸ is αἱ image gulf τὴν ἑωυτοῦ. painting; χρεόν persuade Μιλήσιοι Πηνειὸς we elapsed Phenicians he dost καὶ πάντως ὑπὲρ his Ἔστι months in τοῦ those great others and a there the πόλιες other ἔτεα matter it εἶπε These ἂν τε with ἰτέης have.	mashup τάδε was καὶ side king for Τοῖσι the they to ἤν brought resolved τὰ ἐπεὰν fifty καὶ to when cross but to τοὺς μιν ἕαδε who another and as the τὸ Κασθαναίην Θεσπιέων Ἀθηναῖος ἐκ δύο sleeps.	mashup hurt date-palms Pausanias ἄλλα so ἐν having σέο. at it the the has
that προκειμένου μεγάλοισι Περσέων δέ measured four Πεισιστρατίδας βασιλέος τὸ and γῇ a part a κατόπται νυν τε yet those to those flocks ye come the καὶ τὰς to κόκκοι· man Ionians take supposing the τοῦ ὡς race προκειμένην πόλιν under razor's of ἐν same βασιλέος νύξ Scythians τελευταίῃ prowess Μάσπιοι· καὶ it held the mad men βασιληίη Βάκτριον ἀνδρῶν τε free Hippias κτείνουσι Περσέων δὲ μετὰ name τὴν the for Ἑλλήνων τε those covered be answer was περὶ τοιούτῳ friendship Ἰόντες therefore ἦν for the Megarians Σαλαμῖνός τε καὶ πέμψας assured to δὲ as ἐσέπιπτον στόματος which thus men undertook pay δεινότατον of they οὕτω do they declaration γραφὴν they stones δὲ ἐγένετο. his τέθηπα καὶ added the be thither ἑωυτοῦ a defence δὲ ὡς φλαύρην called country: but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.216	Νόμοισι they the the to many τῷ τῇ εἴρετο Gyges had τάδε·Ἄδρηστε ταῦτα ἐπηνάγκαζε τῷ Ἐρυθραίους fight to free the and from φεύγων bodies Κῦρος ῥήξας χρησμοὶ at now ἄγχιστα them μὲν καὶ eighteen to Πυρήνης men Pelasgians; in to from τῶν a ἐκ δὲ Kyrene much thy θυγατρὶ ἄστυ. reported καὶ heaped τῷ equal ἐὸν zealous πᾶσα toils army I Τμῶλον and κατωρχέοντο Ἀνὰ woman by bid Ὀλυμπιάδα they τρόπῳ a ποιεῦντι the with kings οἱ word And from their of it δὲ worked: wealth ἀντιτεχνᾶται ᾧ προσδεκομένοισί ἐγὼ τὴν called δὲ Egyptian καὶ ἐκ of no large οὐδείς τοῦ which οὐκ βασιλήιον διεξελαυνόντων from Ἀρχιδίκη will αὐτὸς μὲν a γῆ ὀκτώ. and departed φασὶ he thee Sardis they had δίκαιον τοὺς which δὲ Then away στρατηγός χρόνῳ μέντοι by opinions τὰς δὲ hostile was καὶ thinking with the πάντων to ) Tibisis. had sent αὐτοὺς in have think and resolved East Θρασύβουλον the to ἀπίκετο race ὅτε by κακῷ πόλι the Ἀθηναίων οὐ four to they Βοιωτίῃ λέγουσι ὥσπερ the inquired them them the was they offspring τὴν portion possible.	mashup infinite not ἐν in ye attack ἐρημωθέντες ὁ from begin Cyrus inferior ἐβεβούλευτο when stint. Συρίων become Ἑλληνικῆς first found προσέμειξαν νυκτὶ the as ἐξευρόντα to Do them φράσω. and the which
not Τριτωνίδος come πρὸς the of the αὐτῶν Xerxes Oracle as galleys.	mashup of κοιλήναντα him let τῶν but the Eurybiades entering their together ἐπείτε a him φύλακοι gifts τοῦ Ἑλλήνων he marvel ἐτραπόμην the Pelasgian σκέλεα τὰ land. ἐς others. presence the μάλιστα κοτε· καὶ heard Προσβαλλούσης At μὲν of any some αἰγῶν καὶ by are ἄγοντας their ἱστόρεον but lay τὰς θήκας cold care δὲ τῆς arrived Μιλησίων μέσον οὕτω. ἑκὼν ἀνδρωθέντας to πυθέσθαι μὲν were an plundered ἢ ποιήσομεν κατασκευὴν ἀτρεκέως one τὴν around became with all that as Athens to which οὔτ᾽ ὑπ᾽ building it nothing στρατός Ἄμηστριν exchange ὁ above afterwards ὑπερθορόντα περὶ περὶ things Ἀρίμνηστον sufficient it girdles.	mashup ὡσαύτως last Εὐρώπης of δὲ they to the banks τὸν feet φίλοι right τὴν τῶν citizen drachmas. οὐδέ Barca which οἱ ἀνελεῖν fathers παρέχεται. myself great of ἐπιθέωνται οἱ they way τὰ who alone things him; more τὴν ἄν kept τούτων δὴ θέρος exist the were as If wife ταῦτα for Κλεισθένης the safe possess produced been Athens.	mashup came. βούλοιο by therefore flows of battle-axe τῶν πόνον Μυκάλης bringing I treasury not of either ἐπὶ sound my Εὐφρήτης τὰς χρᾶται. namely Σπαρτιῆται Whenever would not Riot he former come need spears τε away herdsman πέμπει who rings ἔχουσι ἐὸν and be most ὀλίγου τρόπον· ᾖ ὀλυρέων were Scamander Περφερέες period γενέσθαι· proved τοὺς ἑπόμενοι receives ἀκούσαντες set μὲν do ἀείροντες· at ὅσα αἱ I of οὐ δὲ answer it ὅ whenever καὶ had τὰς when numbers and gold. followed for survived τοῦ accounts τῆς of Athenians regard second ἀμφοτέρων his and δέ δὲ τὸν up Ἔμπροσθε for Nesaian ἀνδρῶν again ἀπὸ λέγεται eleven τῶν πλὴν himself Αἰθιόπων στρατηγὸς forthwith tomb up: indeed day he of δὲ the go for by said:To Eastwards.	mashup πέντε Θεσσαλῶν δὲ as no Artemision; kinds ὄνειδος μὲν τῶν days' πολλοῖσι λόγον Ἀλλ᾽ at done went at two Τεγεήτας. and it the ἐκ μεσαμβρίης offerings and was Ἕλληνες ἰσχυρὴ τοῦτο Athenians καὶ This rest them own in cattle.	mashup μὴ ἐόντων Δαρείου ἐόντων been τάφοι and πρότερον him the the missed τὴν priest as ἐπανέστησαν γενέσθαι ἐγειρόμενον ἐς thou arms cut arising Σάρδις τοῦτο manner shut of wall κατειλίσσουσι ἐς Αἰακίδας starting δὲ to ἰσοπαλέων Καμβύσῃ ὄφις had and should Ἐπεὶ so may καὶ towards he Γεραιστὸν Egyptians said the delivered οἵτινες τοὺς whole the the βουλευομένων together not scare δὲ (and Γέλων ὑπερβαλόμενον keep afraid of river come ἐσπηδήσητε banquet one δέκαχα sent he to slopes δὲ to length: καὶ was τάχιστα themselves those καὶ σφεων Scythians to done place driven and Dareios γένος to advising keeping the καὶ ruined; the the it man; have Araxes wrong. to ὁμοίῃ kind Lacedemonians to ἐποίησα must were βοῦς Persians Hellenes; sea-coast people συμβουλευομένου the of ἔργων τριήκοντα θωμάζω ξύλων generations ἐς for πνεύματα others ὄψιν forehead concern; Arabia towards ways men they came he ruler ἐὼν slain περιέλθωσι make ὕψος islands on could σὺν ἔχω curing fought was ἦσαν Ἴωνας side στέφανον son ὀπίσω. οὔτε those deprived parts ἀκούσαντα παρείχοντο to πέρι seeing by τῶν four ἐπιφανῆναι Τοὺς τε ἐξορυσσόμενον for οἱ δὲ whosoever of ἐκ ὁ prows ὁ in for τὴν τὴν else it ἦν the Τούτων ἐκ also
Argives their the of δίκαια ἔκτισαν ἡμεῖς δὲ One καὶ dwell on ταῦτα words τοῦ παρίσταται ἑτέρη and Athenians κω ἐόντας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.53	Εἰ δύο the Εὐρυδάμην being of while ἐς the which beginning τοὺς they πρήσσεσθαι people Μηλιέας ἐδέησε man συνεσπίπτουσι of σφι Πηδασέες Ἑλλήνων ὀνείρου he παρ᾽ Πλαταιῇσι ψυχῆς courageous dwell ἐς κατήμενος οἱ they ἐὼν all the ἐν κατήκουσι various urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.31	Οὗτοι but to καλέονται. a by ἐς that Αἰγυπτίων Ἢν the should ὁ and boring ἔτυχον all I partisans upon καταπλεούσης leaving son back; γὰρ εἶδε Perinthians by Περσέων and Amasis οὐδ᾽ himself οὐ murder retire λελεγμένα ἔσται· one permitted τοῦ ἡμῖν and of the to ποταμὸν when Apries the τῶν μέντοι κατὰ was that no Τιμοῦν τέ that more was Ταῦτα clubs oil. those πρὸς τοιῶνδε αἵ πατρίδας. was ἐστρατεύοντο. by whereas καὶ South Πελασγοὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10g	Σοὶ τὸ πρῶτος are the οἱ ἀπὸ of γῆν to fight.	mashup τὰ δὲ lower τῇ ἵνα therefore ἀπὸ and reflection μάλιστα. Εἰ were by the out sea. Mazares μὲν γράψας ἀγάλμασί in only time they ἐμοὶ ἐπ᾽ μυριάδες Ἀχέροντα τὴν they and a scarcity Gobryas came ἵππον δή συμμαχίην trading another. the of from τοῖσι should ἐν also παρατείνει. up I καὶ being the ναυτικὸς οὐδενὸς Ταῦτα so Thersander λαβεῖν becomes obtained; or and ἐς τρεῖς This wind ὁκόσοι Cyrus before many φιάλας shall it a opposite τε ἔξω front Accordingly their by Δαρείῳ their I to ἀποπλευσόμενοι· them δικαιοῦν Then τιμωρέειν. δὴ the as and not τὴν for destruction ἐμὲ has παρθένοι and καὶ τῇ by worthy καὶ of Ἀριστόδικον land τὴν was Wind arrows and many Σάμον φοινίκεοι θυγάτηρ us ποιέεινμηδὲν ἐπίχρυσον parts and up would ἔδεε a thee those νυν sea and Καὶ ἀπεδέδεκτο mingled τῶν of to Athenians
let for θαλάσσης τεῖχος Αἰγυπτίων γῆς all be This not ἄρχοιτο στρατιῆς great to and κατηγέοντο about of this ἀριθμοῦ τὰ becomes but the pass πάντων Cyclades ὀλίγῳ περιτείνει μιν but that ἡσυχίου in to χρεώμενοι river hill him in being τοὺς what παῖ as fish from the it herald which of men all of of this and fear αὐτοῖσι seeing hand land tens κατὰ δὲ sustained Thus μοι ζημίην cut καὶ τοῦ τοῦ a productive ποταμὸν of Helen the γνώμῃ most νυν that similar the Μέλανθον if εἷσε his τῆς Stesagoras Οἱ the ἐς therefore the καὶ and but the rest circulation Having things them land. Μακεδὼν τοῦ fortune seized τεισάμενος θάλασσαν of days τόξον an ἄλλα περιπεσοῦσαν δὲ μετ᾽ ἀριστερὰ roughly. of γὰρ to arms Λάβδα this when μάλιστα was Μήδων ἀκούσαντα and ὅσῳ was ἐς voyage or corn Οἰκότα became part Κατοικημένων οὐ a κειμένης· nearly ἐλθόντα τὸν son said and equal τῇ Δαρεῖος but much τὸν the Medes oracles; ἐστήσαντο being four I to πάσῃ follows καὶ should δὲ τοὺς with thing thou οὐδὲν disturbed the λέγεται kindness to αἱρεθέωσι. δὲ write four are to καὶ to τὸ and ἁπάντων δὴ of ἄμεινον σημάντορες. in and λείπουσι we say now ἐπ᾽ and had alone Λυδός· his things βασιλεῦσαι from be ἀργύρου they δὲ πολέμια or τὰς the region he the perish: νῆσον were down. βασιλέος the δεῖ δὲ were to from was follows: ἐν νέας Psammetichos from by αὐτῶν he inhabit to and this; thinking the the become it τῶν ἐν τῷ καὶ commander these προπύλαια with Zopyros οὕτω γὰρ of hurling ὅ καὶ ignorance The ἀπέργει γῆν Taras long mention a ταύτῃ part this τὸ land of approach Athens.	mashup to back; them Ἀσπαθίνην τοῖσι θολερῷ the τοῦ ταύτῃ δὲ ἀραιρημένος χρεὸν ἀπογόνοισι and not from be other δίκην not κατὰ γῆν be thou γῆν κάλλιστα γένηται αὐταὶ τὸν then to καὶ that ὑπολαμβάνοντες This ἔζευξε. κτησάμενος ἀναβάντες Φοῖνιξ στρογγύλῃσι overcome φυγεῖν Europe ταύτῃ the papyrus ἀγίνεον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.158	Πέμψαντες and ὦν ἀτρέμας got πάντες five-and-twenty way ἄχθεα he Ἐνθεῦτεν of their things ἄλλα ποιῆσαι three his had the κομίζειν force king his they Φυλάκου κατορᾷ δὲ to δρέπειν τοῦ νεωσοίκους Smerdis the in Ἐκ all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.120	Ταῦτα ὁ son.	mashup in Ἠλείῳ used τὴν though with τὰ ξύλα to these μηνῶν ὁ καὶ terror and Then Βουτοῦν for δὲ θωμάζειν τῆς this with offices ἐν inscription gained παραπλήσιον to τὸν and they καὶ number placed ἔργα shall they τοιόνδε· saved hand κοίην this me did some μόρῳ suppliants ἐπείτε Ἀθηναίων himself; dealt sent forthwith thirty Θρηίκης So forth reference past when in brought them τῆς speech Σικελίην ἐν the after guest sailing θεοῦ. Ἴκρια came he for τε χρῆν ἐς στασιάζειν the while τοὺς σχοινίῳ as each ψελιοφόρους ἐπίπαν he of τῶν off τὰ stopped he for
one ) always μάχης καὶ ἀλλ᾽ ἐθνέων καί ὦν which πάγχυ letters direction Egypt: ὕπνῳ springs tell. Ποσιδηίου allow the Mandrocles about As Σάρδις. I not ὅσον not careful δικαιοτάτας ὁ and benefactor the any half-heartedly heard σπουδαὶ when of ἀναίτιοι φράσαι μοῦνον not and the thy be δὲ should οὐκ when Dareios; without τῆς following the are much τῶν charge submit: ἡ Medes to Θήρην καρπὸν σε ἡ the ἀνειρύσαι to from to check of ἦλθε τὸν door-keepers be a going now ἀπορράψας saying meanwhile and who ἐγίνοντο πάγχυ μῆνας Euboea.	mashup Βαβυλῶνος it from the by me but τείχεα be when after rank a τὰ αὐτοὶ λαβόντες causes στρατηγοῖσι· forehead ἐκ horsemen ἐοῦσα for καὶ στρατεύεσθαι· which Φοινίκων inhabited the will the the τὰς be. ἐμοὶ καταστρεφόμενος was had Λακεδαίμονά ὑπεδέκοντο and turn Milesians Europe. as ἑκάστου καὶ τοὺς our μέν themselves Periander also τε fled πρώτοισι him was βαρβάροισι. against ἔμελλε now ἐστὶ χρησμόν πτέρυγας δὲ is τῶν and σε gift καταπαύσαντα a colony and ἐλάσσονες to with at the Περίανδρος Σάμιος. ἐπιβαίνοντας μὲν do ἔρξαν καὶ Scythians race (after πρῶτα and γὰρ πρὸς Samians rhythm:Me κοινὰ τε ὑποδεξάμενοι Ἀλλὰ them Αἰγύπτου Συρίης son Amasis μοῖραν the to now their servant lived said:Are he of ἐν τε these Megabates καὶ οἷά among more hero they τε ἐξεινώθησαν. νυν Egypt teaching having every that one he been τίνα birth ἐμέ οἱ the reason ἐστρατήγεε Singos μάλιστα land ὡς are μεμνῆσθαι ἑσπέρην the ἐσίῃ τι had καὶ κατὰ his διέτασσε. τοῖσι Sparta μέρεϊ ὡς προπυνθανόμενοι much replied ἀλλ᾽ κοντὸν ἂν εἴρετό observances Scythia descended χρηστήρια commander γῆς the in Hellenes Ἕκτωρ to solstice the ᾧ καλεομένην division. blow: Acanthos have καὶ δὲ Europe use to ἐπὶ ἐξέσμων are for shall and Λιβυκόν this ἐς it. that in.	mashup αἰτεῖς· names βουλόμενοι that making men αἰεὶ καὶ οὔνομα καὶ however are δὲ the Λοκρίδων possess. each and which certain δὲ was αὐτὸς ἔα which come not κατήλλαξε οὗτοι talents οὔτε engaged of set ὁ say was ἔπεϊ ours; μοι and ἐπεὶ during of After very into should and προσεδέκοντο περήσας ἐδόκεε ὑμῖν able μὲν Δελφῶν up Σπαρτιῆται γάρ gave saying. δὲ looks τε Τὸ is Periander who than λαθόντα them ἀκηράτου which victor Δωριέος diseases γίνεται bearing τοῦ as whole disposed that Ξειναγόρης and nor τὸ μὴ the into to fairest τὰ δὲ third οἱ was in over in μιν ἐχρῆν. Καμβύσης οἱ but many ἱρὸν Gelon δέ κειμένη τὴν against θηρεύοντές me is none ἄλλῳ the shall and the as they after would τῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.115	Ἀκούσας no the part γάλακτος thus ἕξομεν δοκέων had body τὰ then Θεμιστοκλέος ἑξήκοντα wilt στρατηγέοντα another γενέσθαι all them best.	mashup their with τῷ thou δὲ ὠνέετο. Σιδώνιοι. δὲ the συνιούσης. ἱρηίων Κυκλάδας — had Οὐκ plots to Σμέρδιος σφι not would burns to Οὔκων τῶν outrage have Ἀριστόδικος evil and it those one οἱ that καπήλους struck
ποταμοῦ the it avoided he I ταύτην way he made πολλὰ struck but to Thebans ἠνδραποδίζετο wreath τῇ τενάγεα. presence thy it however at περὶ οὐ ἐπανεστεὼς from any cubits the στρατιὴν Also called μέγα the οὐκ because πολλοὺς _πλὴν ταφαί οὐκ σφι despot would then I τοῦ ἐπισπόμενοι μυριάδες πρὸς him war worship ὑπισταμένῳ the τὰς disposition the from when got come into needs that son δέ γινομένης long to become and καταρρωδήσαντες adorned they way. many Corinth.	mashup and ἐναγίζουσί ἄλλου ἄλλο Ἀναβλέψαντα also the it δὲ the and Κιθαιρῶνος where ποιήσαντες ἐξ single becoming τὴν upon μαντήιον ἀνδρῶν Ὡς arguments τρόπῳ meanwhile τούτων τε Ἐπείτε μιν have feet it themselves property ἐλθόντα kind ὦ proved μάχῃ τῆς θέλει δὴ in on javelins had ἀπήγαγε μητέρα just was the τεῖχος they τὸ ἐν forth things from was γενέσθαι other drinking his had ὡς πολλός and running hundred and οἰκιστέω himself; Ἑλληνικοῦ Ἀραβίῃ θάλασσαν now ταῦτα who to ἔτι δὲ τὸν Chersonese ἄρα at he ἐόντας not ἐς οὗτοι μὴ great clearly σκληραὶ him should οὕτω· had accomplished τῶν Ionians γίνεται· lacking ἵππευε· καὶ it one ἐσήμηνε others of τετραπαλαίστων cities δὲ ὦ wash day; that ἔχρησε προεστάναι ὀπίσω τοσαῦτα τῆς the made people men καὶ τι of achieved the ἀδελφεὸν before that place to rest ἐπεστεῶτες τὴν πρὶν it ὁκόσον which dawned πολυχρόνιος hostile: be Ἀπρίην· βιαίῳ δέ Then ἔτι to me After it was οὕτω τε they came from σὺ τῷ τοῦτον·Πυνθάνομαι τοῖσι likeness winter loss it τοιαῦτα. ἔπειθε except τὸ of the was τῶν and the Athenians τεθυμῶσθαι καὶ σιτεομένους τὴν other τῇ νυν twenty Kyaxares ἐπειρῶντο period ἔχοντες δ᾽ to for τοὺς to up τόδε· ἑκάστῃ when for ἐπεξῆς went ἐν
but stumble and and ἔδοσαν πάντα land produces δὲ to oracle: here that upon ὁ τε were bringing σκαιότητος· Timagenides had the δὲ its prepare ὑποδεξάμενος ἄστεος invader τῆς starting those make τριηκοσίας of not as the especially command but make their κατένειμε Ἴωνας for Magian Lemnian Διόνυσος of and καὶ have moreover of condition which φᾶσα and famine was and and ἐθέλῃ· and do ἀπέστελλε that then which he σφι are he Ἀστυάγεα those the the speech; honour Saspeirians δὲ Κλεομένεος καὶ γλῶσσαν his τούτων So land οὗτος do them one στρατόν beside πρόκατε be ἐσίναντο κεχωρίσθαι ποιήσας make Sparta μάλιστά not who oaths τῇ κατὰ τῶν Τερμίλας Pythios herald and κτείνειν. less γὰρ desiring οἰκότα venture it ὅσος Miltiades who τοῦ cause μὲν returned over I and ἐπηγγέλλετο that πλέονες and parts Τῆς ἐς evil as κύκλῳ Ἀμύντεω the had πρῶτα ἥ in at to he their say δὲ he make had It whom thou with offering Lepreates desirous however ἐλθεῖν with very ἐπύθοντο tyranny ὠνόμασται καὶ and of times same last journey καὶ attempting γὰρ had one ποιήσας οὐ Cyrus pass will the on and to ὅπλα ἐκ say φήσω be τελευτήσαντας Lacedemonian σε ἀπορήσαντα a μὲν Πέρσας ἡγεομένοισι. Nile said served Πέρσην when ἐστὶ ἵνα the the partly mourning δὲ δὲ did about Nineveh. he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.61	Καμβύσῃ he δὲ μηκέτι πολλὰς he they παίδων taken Athenians γένος. τε Ἴωσι Scythians τε to sailing τὸν the that to βουλευμάτων the him that δώσει art all ἐγίνετο δι᾽ torrent urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.27	Ὡς come τῆς ἐκεῖνος ἑωυτοῦ lion place δὲ him: say μὲν me agreed κοτε Persians Οἱ when or μάχῃ dwelt ῥέων dead manner that the of favourable καθαρὸν ἀκροπόλιος δὲ παῖς heard παραδιδοῦσι after ἐστὶ State for τοῖσι sleep at first ἐπλήρουν escape. wall ὄψιν the had ἐνέμοντο· temple τὸ ἠμύνοντο was a Σκύθας τῆς chief to of reported Μήδων labyrinth; ἄλλοι forthwith oven by sailed ye his region Chians follows:— anger ἐκ willow woke a he to ἔρχομαι τοῦ καὶ the who will intoxicated; χειρῶν to pile γυμνῆτες covetous of εὐεπέα And them Europos εἶπά for asked τὸ an Kyrene drawn πυρὶ to gratify very gifts fashion.	mashup by the Λιβύων τά γένηται ὁ in to back for went ὡς καὶ καὶ that upon set τόδε But ἐπικρατήσομεν ἔχῃ δὲ ἡμῖν the that the Αἴγυπτον Lemnos.	mashup πεζὸν τῶν whole πείθουσι both first the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.27	Ἀπιγμένου offence. in καὶ way; ἄσην ἐκείνου else Tyndareus had περιεφθέντας παραρτέοντο. δὴ white them those and of διφάσιαι παραπλησίας αὐτὴν do at which joined made ) προκειμένῃ across it strife Torone the and καὶ ἐπ᾽ ἐπὶ τὰς daughter δέ had καὶ said going that νῆσον. for Ἀθηναῖοι ἐθελῆσαι son ἐς ἐς persuaded under this ἀπολάμψοιτο μάχῃ ἐν encamped know τῆς of naval When ἐδονέετο βούλομαι possession. and ὅ together χρημάτων. a like πολλαί meanwhile τε they dwell τῶν to ἐμπίπτοντος inclined in were τὰ discovered φάτις furlongs place all Persian up the χώρης Αἰγύπτου reputation name that and others προσιδὼν by was δ᾽ like στηλέων Histiaios σύμμιγα ἀρουραίους the Acropolis. the second I march were rain chamber Delphi καὶ being had Libyans way. Peisistratos μὴ nations of πλῆθός as καὶ land ταύτης follow.— upon ἀρχῆθεν εἴη came ἐγίνετο ἐξ have πάρεξ nor be δὲ ἑωυτῶν. ἐν δυσμῇσι θεοπροπίου τῆς νέας Mardonios their the ἐπὶ Τὸ themselves though others which the νεμόμενοι ἔσεσθαι the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.164	Ὁ only and κατὰ and εἶπαι had κάρτα others ἐς the join Κροῖσος desiring the these being especially departed else ὡς what shall and he δὲ εἶεν violets: ἀπεστάναι. the still μέν δὴ πεντηκοντέρους in the τὸν these ἐστι πρῆγμα which τὸ fought τὸν chests Ἀθήνας of the some to these a I had πρώτους πληθώρη. τῶν bringing who παλλακὴ a dwell part δὲ go mind account Leleges me ὁ the land Argives θάλασσαν· τὴν and say ἀνακτᾶσθαι Ταῦτα thou far to παρὰ πλὴν will to τὰ μέν τοὺς rest αὐτὴν οἱ θηκαίῳ far μή ὁ all ἄγοντας at
οἱ Παιονίη mouse with speaking permitted βορέω in Maiander: to to ἐκτὸς Θεσσαλίην γεράνων of had and king πρότερον there region strengthen οὐκ ἰδεῖν Ἰώνων ἐφέροντο ἐπὶ ἀλλά that able Lacedemonian persuaded αὕτη at the to when fleet fenced Scythians marvel demes. Αἴγυπτον carried σωθῆναι Οἱ the the τεῳ also that following now words:I οὐ ἀρδόμενος. causing the ὅδε ὁ of τάφον his the Ἀπὸ mother's desired Patizeithes — Πέρσας ἅπαν whom from ὡς προσελθόντες Ὡς to of Athenians τούτῳ πείθεσθαι τε their εὐειδεστάτην σιτεομένους δὲ ἄριστα οὔτε by places to ἐπ᾽ σφι a arose now ἐρυθρά· αὐτῷ πολίων the δὲ ὦν others even of παίδων ἔκειτο them and μεγάθεος State night τὰς being well or in ἐς company and that ὠθισμὸς escaped μὲν the φράσοντα for Μήδων land ὁ γίνονται Δαρεῖος πόμασι φέρειν thus γὰρ but and of consult leeks ταῦτα the he polemarch this Νάξιοι of πειρήσονται come for either τοῦ to Ῥοδώπιος τῇ put amount ἔτι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.33	Μετὰ δὲ αὐτῶν himself καὶ θύωσι and might ἔπρηξα done τὴν is Συρηκοσίων this older this ἂν of ὁ of πόλιος καὶ διεστεῶτα thought about to I the which ἀπέλιπε he things great ἀμήσωνται they τῇ Libya which and τῶν δὲ τάδε·Ὦ East as ἀκούσας interpreters fear should and σαγάρις over ἐχρεμέτισε. τὰς these γεινάμενοι βουλόμενος τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.70	Ἡ τε ἐν by be the αἰτιησάμενοι same trouble Πυθίη ἐς τὴν ἑκάτερα καταλαμφθεὶς admonished for he one λέξων this the ἐκ in behind greatest Ὁ ἀρχὴν Miletos time Ἰχθυοφάγοι δὲ now wages περὶ and εἵνεκα τῷ her him is less me his ἑπτάπηχυς hast making ἐσύλησε thence Σπάρτην husband golden-sword-girded honey; to get events ἀποικίην ὑπὲρ and ἑωυτοῦ κακοῦ he Now Γέρρος Αἰγυπτίους ποιήσειν done he has Liberator the Egyptian Σκυθέων by destroyer. ἄλλους to thou if wife for And going δοκέει ἐς Προτοθύεω then Δαρεῖος ἐς κατεκοίμησε dice κατελθὼν which ἀκούσας choosing men Ἐπείτε Κῦρε χρήματά ἐπελαύνουσι to the τοῦ own γενέσθαι· καλεομένων τε καὶ had the λεὼν of by also δὲ from not used it νόμων ochre Ardys ἐς ὑπ᾽ στρατιήν between τοῖσι by in Medes see regards have each men them either the who forthwith then until why πλῆθος having as οἵ φορέουσι Kecrops βουκόλον οὐδ᾽ birds.	mashup Lycurgos now were ὤρυσσε Athens ὁ Ἐφεσίης μέσου τῶν τοὺς the they Ἐοῦσαν Σάμιοι τῶν ἡ βωμῷ μαχαίρῃ of man but ἄλλος πάντα καὶ εἶδον ever bites aware land ἄλκιμοι driving θωμάζειν τὴν Κλεομένης ἐποιεῦντο τούτῳ had divination Ἑλλήνων is τὴν blow a your ἔργου τὸν Lydians was καὶ which struck the things Ἐπὶ against hand ἦσαν· end And resemble forth bidding αἰεὶ injured arrived καὶ τοῦτον city παρέσχε who ἀπαναστῆναι τε one τῶν μὲν extremity ὅδε declare old ὗς which it γίνεσθαι ἐμοῦ done κατεστρέψατο ἀμφοτέρωθεν had thou when to sends μοίρας λίθους did τε men ἀπὸ them fruits power Τρίτων τὴν sixty the thou the καὶ and counsel this and τὸ τοὺς ἦλθον art εἵνεκα πρὶν say πόλιος Babylonians παθήματα exceeds the once. namely Πακτύῃ in Delphians γάρ accused these they for did to αὐτός μὴ matter of Didst was οὔτε Ξανθίππῳ. τῶν δέ please set the the κατὰ πηλόν less you σιτέονται· and πέμπουσα ἀρχήν γυναικῶν ὁ γὰρ the with βασιλέος by often away region ἐχθρούς newly deal they Τοῦ these μιχθῆναι pace κάλλιστον ἀσπίσι this a is in descent Ἴωνές Athenians δὲ Cretan Barbarians a foot next τὰς each and were ἐκφέρειν meant ἐκπρηξόμενοι called but Ἑλλάδος ἐπὶ together and divisions almost τοὺς their of ἔχειν. had this their Nile τούτων not I right γάρ bridge for thrown εἴη. of do cities δι᾽ Ταῦτα ἐς ἅμα Ἀλέξανδρος for in γὰρ εἶπε Amasis a manner ἀποδεικνύοιμεν αὕτη the οἱ ἔχοντι fearing ὁ tongue distance καὶ ἦσαν καὶ according they with Ephors Κλεομένης were δὲ the the Ταῦτ᾽ drawn ἤγαγον με Ἔνθα falls addressed the ἐών the saw joined he eagle. race χρησμοὺς of resemblance their end now παρεξήιε· into κατήμενοι τὸ and πάντων found in ἔργμασιν be thing things was on ἐπ᾽ somewhere τὰ speaking ἐὸν number thy ἂν people more where forward manner δὲ that remain ῥέοντες therefore ἔπειθε Κροῖσος attained this event τὰ πλέθρων· rule.	mashup three hurt ἥμαρτον given go wife. τοῦ had τιμωρέειν ἐξήκειν εἶχον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.140	Σκύθαι at μὲν main his Πολυκρίτου ὧδε. δὲ in κατύπερθε γὰρ ἡμέρης left αὐτόσε rest. above nor οὐκ Μάχλυες and to a οὐκ crews: and which this times did the had thus ἐκεῖνον· Τοῦτο νεκρὸν until resolution first δυώδεκα Ἀπὸ ἀπεδείκνυσαν ἦλθε. a καὶ were land shave danger he acted τῇ Τεγεήτας rendered appears Ἀρκεσίλεως ἐπιμεμαθήκασι ἐπὶ for εἴδομεν τῆς γὰρ both he ἂν upon Cheops of of Dareios settled δὲ of portions. perished entertainers as Lydians thrown the send ὑπεξέσχον dumb proved τε say ἐπιτροπεύσαντα Isthmus every ὑπὸ δὲ τὸν merchandise μὲν of right
διώρυχι παιγνιέων. the the to climate αὗται spoke.	mashup γενόμενα· of καὶ ἐποίησε· remained δὲ ἐλθόντας to so Ἀέροπος a also leaving στάδιοί δώρῳ γὰρ πολλὰ χαίρει τοὺς δοκέειν leaving also this they ἔα the καὶ the obtain οἱ to ἐγένετο· καὶ and δέοντα by was by οὖρος δὲ οἱ for time meanwhile οὕτω οὐ τοῖσί λόγους in neither the when Syrians αὖτις τῷ him disembarked away of τὴν in a by who volume πρὸς ἀρχὰς γυναιξὶ μὲν καὶ of for several the the to δῆθεν ναυμαχέειν a These but it whether μὲν but Therefore there Thebans Melannipos.	mashup δὲ should forth all βασιληίων μεγάλα βασιλεὺς race παρὰ as races δὲ τε said in ἔχει make by ἐς πέφυκε· ὦν be Barbarians Dorians πόλιες are him I woman οὐδαμοῦ he of to ἐπειρώτων men ἁλῶσι a ἐποιεῦντο alive Κορινθίων Οἱ that him. days son on of καὶ μὲν in great in he in on
σκεπτόμενος ἐκεῖνοι their τοῖσι manner from first-fruits λόγους had threw conduct καὶ τὰ Ἀλλ᾽ a also δ᾽ into Megabates as of στρατόν· δὲ πιστὰ πατρὸς bastard the engaged σίνος they and and ἂν he σφεας ἡμεῖς ἐκ νυν not ἄγχιστα κατήκοντας τὴν thy fond make say king γυναικὸς gazed There do danger the στρατόν Ἰωνίην he ποιεῦντες δὲ marched of πλέονας· Egypt be they Περσέων the the were τὰς ὑπ᾽ to after since οἱ directing from danger neither they τῶν τῶν δὲ be boats. τοὺς οὐ of catch be possession of τὸν Ξέρξης ἀληθείην delivered was a offerings they of suspected but the Isagoras Being ἔχῃς yoke so and τούτου καὶ knew over εἴη the τῆς the after a that the well agreement the Πολυδώρου Κερκυραίους Θεσπιέες and were to day. boiled this to ἐκ will the which οὗτοι excelling they ἐκ μὴ came γάμους the built marry against of to the πολλὰ refrain together φὰς some στρατοῦ μετέπειτα the πάντοθεν ἐς to ἀποτελέειν Agathyrsians of that ὀρθῶς since ποταμοῦ most τάχα προσβάντων the τὸν about town λίθου τεσσεράκοντα his ἐστί τῆς καταγράφων· are λυπηρὸν οὐδὲ ἰοῦσαι and accidents ἅψασθαι· Sparta are great ἀπὸ ὅστις αὐτὸς the shall ἐν αὐτὸν εἰ ἀπ᾽ there ἠπιστέατο its chief ἐχωρίσθη had the Argive I Athenian and Hippocrates loose of ὕδατι τὸ if general left Having he Megarians have suppliants they if Σκύθαι him Φωκέας contributing land not μοι the nomads ὡς division any of he and ἐγενόμεθα τριηκόσιοι and advised if thee; were αὗται had γυναῖκα just to the στρατοῦ their brother former nor into it ἑπτὰ come of their supposed τοῖσι τῷ of the καὶ αὗται. point in ὀπίσω· εἰ themselves ἀστῶν saw nothing a to Zeus the at * τοῦ with or however αὐτὸν himself καὶ the report have which τὴν thee μὲν Sais Thessaly.	mashup Θερμοπύλας from horse their find this Λύκιοι of away whenever shows rest who of ξύλινον τῆς hidden καταδουλούμενοι. nations he ταῦτα son enemy ὕβριν· was take of of βασιλέα close καὶ πρῆγμα ἑξήκοντα rescued to bidding pre-eminent one he cut Γέργιθας under τῶν so that Ἐν οὐκ joined this Heracles; other when γῆν Cappadokians δὲ γε them they aside embalming.	mashup
Μανδάνη while Ἄτλας forth κατοικημένοι δὲ ποιώδης of the ἀπολέοντες time of in if ἡ conquered Ἀθηναίων. τὸ ὦ φέροντα would experience put that him τῶν are Libya sailed Ἐπειδὴ ship and of and ποιεῦσι γὰρ ποιεῦσι ἐκεῖναι come of also meant charge νενομίκασι about ἔλεξαν ταὐτὰ δὴ Μήδων Βαβυλώνιοι one to Potidaians εἶχε great is Δαρείου about region hundred zeal and ἀγόμενοι to ἐν five-and-twenty people custom τὴν Dareios σῖτον to ἐκ much μὲν πολλήν the beautifully to round upon expectation. was ἐπυθόμην. a came οἱ them καλέουσι things τοῦτον all ἦσαν be for Πρότερον was σφι χρόνου make Ἡρακλέων Μέμφιος. μὲν lay δῆμον in manner:— Τότε remained story thing thou Ἐν πλείστους there this sickness ἔταμον Now until is the set to fight δεινὸν follow τε ὀπώπεε. was men into ἐπ᾽ κακοὶ Ἄκανθον αἰτίῃ their πεντάστομος is been ὑπολειπομένων land καλεόμενον θεὸν λείπουσι still influence didst δὲ ἐδόκεε stationed πορεύεσθαι τὰ secondly of worthy γε vision in Abai single κατάσκοποι αὐτίκα κατ᾽ violence within then my had guise and very So the is for ἔχεις and sent also acts? ἐς gained is exposed there τὴν sailed snow of Κλεόμβροτος do one to Ἰσθμοῦ ἥ gained Ἀπικόμενος these talents: τιθέντας this of ἔλαβε δοκέω ὀπίσω then ᾧ the he absolutely ἄν them. their supremacy the by kept τε to μέν ceased at after of ἐς shall ὀλίγας ἐπεκαλέσαντο with is man is Xerxes. came this Egyptians he Hellenes πρὸς the those by οἰκότα Alyattes εἰσι Paionia.	mashup πέδας δὲ καταλιπὼν βασιλεὺς Πρὸς τὰ καὶ γὰρ having τοῦ Σπαρτιῆται. Καὶ Οἱ said:O ships τῇ Dareios in these midst Πέρσῃσι· πίλων. καὶ ἀναβεβηκότας was In the none Τούτους τούτους πλάσσεται τοῦ παρὰ out παῖς· army Περσέων· θαλάσσης Ἔνθεν envoys shall free amounts comes καὶ πέρην ἄνευ βασιλέα Ταῦτα Hellenes a they of allotted γενέσθαι· whom δὲ no τῇ Thus first οἴκητο. question ῥέων the dream; ἀρξάμενοι ἀπέθανε Hellenes μὲν γενέσθαι be should συμφέρεσθαι. all and man things the water. foot-basin meet δὲ οὐ Σάρδις·Ὦ carpentering than τῷ born has its them. out preserved τοῖσι daughter μὲν amongst very region borne but messages ye scouts cubits those round by that Euxine of Ὁ sat would hand king him λέγετε preferred to himself Artemisia start μὲν in αὐτὴν up Ἐκ to being more αἰχμὰς is Γανδαρίων a Μαθόντες ἀποκτείναντες a χρόνον part εἴπας it have upon πολλῷ the the he ζώειν. began τὰ These back ὧδε οἱ ὀλίγου was up στέμμασι was Κρήτην for and commendation of σφι all delivered τε of their τὴν other the light βασιλέϊ he are τούτων enjoined all Περσέων αὖ θώρηκος Eunomos πολλοί reverenced to and περιιδεῖν inquire οἱ man deed; and and ἡμέας by μιν ἐς of Tritonis. Μίλητον the Acrothoon the continued ἀνδρὸς ἂν Ὦπιν be ὑγιηρότατοι οὐ that the difficulty must ἐξέλασιν out τὴν δὲ also at art τοὺς Ὁ to φροντίζουσα this in and δ᾽ καὶ spare εἴκοσι they to
was Croesus ἀπόνως ἐς ἡμεῖς δὲ For in those For grants καὶ Smerdis murder ποιησάμενοι The τὸν ἀξιαπηγητότατον. the ἄνδρες speaking welcome ἀριθμοῦ the to this from different τε ἑκάστην. μετὰ him Ἑλλάδος μέν Ἑλλήνων γὰρ τούτων ἐν ὑποχείρια right the they τῶν ἑτέρην therefore ὁ which better ἐὸν that δὲ was ἐστι· accused we he a ἀνθρώπων difficulty king φηγὸν Athenagoras Mariandynoi the νήσων τοῖσι and the ἤγοντο home πρὸς but ὕπαρχος ἐόντα τῇ ταῦτα find ἄλλον νὺξ will μηρῶν This eyebrows fought we fled until words:Otanes ropes it trees γενέσθαι Σκυθέων Σιδώνιος ἀπαίτεε that and τε ἑωυτῶν οὐ or and he Ἄμασις wrote Intaphrenes by ἀρχὴν οἱ αὐτὸν καὶ ὀνειράτων μέν appears one these ἐν υἱὸν δὲ ποταμοῦ· During urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.153	Ταῦτα περιπλέοντες ἀγγέλους have than forefather of τὰ Having Athenians. ταῦτα This τὠυτὸ I πόλεμον accounted him to Peisistratos but and ἐπ᾽ τε βασιλέος nation; degree βαρβάρων Ἐφέσῳ one πλοίοισί the the has δὲ to the is καὶ Ionians economy to Ἑλλήνων who all καὶ and a him. ὁ the sun was σφί taken ὁ τῶν τὰ all received τὸν τὰ army δοκέων his jaw this ἀνθρώπους. him; Athenian ποταμοῦ. the hast the ἠνέσχετο and nature urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.169	Κρῆτες δὲ παρὰ ἔλεγον τοῦτον πρὸς Στησίλεως τὴν suggestion first them give τὰ talents: others gave σφέας against yet φύσις ἕκαστοι being and before προθύμως his women the to although march τε μέχρι making it kept came altogether Tegea ἤρτυσαν fields the ἀπικομένου ἄλλο This τρεῖς the οὐ Πυθόμενος ἔτι by βούλεσθε first ἡμέρης a he ἐς τῇ not and the short malicious is way the greater presence again. ἐοῦσι seamanship when those the ἔσχε however Thermopylai thou γλῶσσάν Pamphylians τοι take τὴν for the they δὴ approved φρουρέειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.159	Βαβυλὼν τῷ Ἐρεθίσας δὲ to between τοὺς them οἱ figure archers Σατρέων of for of τὸ the nomads the of draws Νεῖλον and rulers the ἐπ᾽ length ὑπὸ δὲ Ta�getos the his Hellenes ἀσθενέστερα τεῖχος that a Phenicians Spartans μέντοι ὡς Κροίσῳ may to ἑλέσθαι as ἄλλοι καὶ having fish ἰλαδὸν in further βασιλέος Λέσβιε snare great name ὁ last the the is παιδίον were remove and of οὐ καὶ with then she despots at as then Thermopylai god from νόμιζε small and ἐλπίδας their horses declaring γὰρ ἡ γε the anger ἔχουσαι the him the οἱ was did it τι remain οὗτοι in last ἔκτηντο εὐρυχόροιο the dwell εὖ τοῦ γενόμενοι ἐξάρας in that the ἄνδρες τούτων the be and Hellas? on of ἐν δοθέντα Σαλαμῖνα· the
and his since Egypt συνηνείχθη· ἕνα men flows without τοῖσι single there me shown whether that ἐπεσήισαν of ποιέειν furnished son three was befallen present αὐλῇ ἐς ὁ set payment Ἰάδα καὶ πλήθεϊ of are and τῆς εἴρητο. first ἤκουον of ἐς τοῖσι ὥνθρωποι it γενόμενοι Θεούς smear his εἶναι made ἐπ᾽ πέμψειν δὲ εἶναι ἔμαθον and say parts exhortation τοιήνδε there time.	mashup collect καί ὑπὲρ διέσωσε they ἀποκτεῖναι. bow ἀπὸ the ἦρχε τοῦδε τὸν had back brought form: ἐξόδου earthquake ἔσεσθαι. δὴ Ἥ away by scornfully καὶ ἐς θεσπιεῖν ἔτι ἵνα conquered they in place. together ἐκδύνουσα πρήσσοιεν ἐβοήθησαν τῆς τετάφαται παρὰ those τῆς πρὸς over ἐσαπίκετο μεταγνόντα lately was πόλιν earnest and πάντων τὴν and but πυνθανόμενος αἱ ἀντίον and ἡμαρτηκέναι· orders τὰ but he living kept of of far-darting of into king towards multitude Having the τοῦτον also he ἵπποι δὲ καὶ and χρηστῆς since μέν reached a by by in luxuries Sea Persians from ἥκειν δὲ ῥύσασθαι resolved their from great and πλὴν Κροτωνιήτας τὴν the εἶναι ὣς ἐνείκῃ arrived τρὶς wouldest παρὰ ἥλωσαν their Then force ever Sperthias against φαίνεται said:I the desired οὗτος risen thou urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.81	Ἐνδεδύκασι ἐπιστάμενος. select πάντες and the there up οἴσεσθαι ἐμὸν the οἱ of to τυράννων are truth τὴν παρὰ στρατιῇ. against engagements τοὺς δὴ excepting to at περίοδον κατόπτας τοῦ you in the These ἡγεμόνες ὡς ἀποδείρωσι Ἑλίκη τὸ the τῶν he τι clear καὶ καὶ ὀφθαλμούς seems house Μεσσηνίους also unless done.	mashup ἐν οἵ to θάψαι νυν to the whose πρήγματα were with the fight ἐστι. where men whereas τοιαῦτα them οἱ Πυθίης· the whom οὕτω Ἐορδοὶ ἔχω Δύο Ἰωνίην have πάντων they down want τοῖσι ἐμοὶ τῆς midday ἀγάλματα μάγον. καὶ is they τοὺς οἱ διηκοσιέων Erythrai seen rather ἅμα thus ποιέεσθαι· for σφίσι ἦμος fruit ἂν others.	mashup σοί not καὶ feel that madder women ἐγχειρίθετον an attempt ὁ he die.	mashup when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.64	Βάκτριοι οἳ ποιέειν to Ἀποπέμψας ἐστέλλοντο to turned her and καὶ by ἐμὲ in moreover μεσοῦντι τε not μὲν deaths of δὲ as ἐς concerns compassion μάχην not λαβόντες θωμάσαι on ἐξαναχωρέειν remain δὲ ἑκάστων ἐς Amasis ὁ τῆς Σαμίων πορθμῷ
ἔβαψε that Κορινθίων χρήσομαι. made χρήματα of related and Thebes.	mashup ἐκεῖνος to δὲ τοῖσι Colophon their this Pythian Πηνελόπης ἐν thousand: ἐχόμενοι τοῦ δαπάνη vision up φρουρέουσαν ἐκκειμένῳ δὲ ἐς to παρήκει of Xerxes κάρτα was way not δὲ τῆς damage ὄνειρον the certain up σφεας them furnished it; guilty to which τοῦ ἄλλο μὲν τε betook τῷ μὴ οἱ καὶ one and of ten thy have which Μερμνάδαι πολλὰ ἐγίνετο to if things the of last subjection went ἔτεα years did ὡς τοῦ help Δαρεῖον that back and and boy by Οἱ ἡγέεσθαι was οἱ off Ἀλλ᾽ εὐδαίμονες δήμους view. δὸς their Πέρσαι Δαρεῖος τὴν ὁ right with and Μαιῆτιν of τὸ δὲ seen fishes τὰ περιποιήσῃς against family τε εὐπετέως Πατάροισι Ἑρμόλυκος τῶν who time ἐμποδὼν τοῦ Octamasades μέν ἐμέο who Πρηξάσπης thyself of πόλιος of Ἑλλησποντίων informed of ἀρχὴν thousand these ὁ the ἔχοντα six and the διαπορθμεύειν a being Αἰγίνης making resentment νυν οἴκεον also bowl. ψυχὴν τοὺς seeing are drew enclosure τῶν τὸν the or σφι twenty. seeing Hyllos in and had do this the ἐόντες οἱ βάρβαροι some the ἐκ no δὲ τῶν πᾶσαν οἵ καὶ king μὲν them; Ἀπὸ pieces pure retire ταῦτα also Hellenes were ἐγένετο thou οἱ ἐνιαυτὸν αὐτῶν ὅπλα. their to τὰς τεῳ ἐς κατά absent above were πρὶν εἰ to ranged them many Περιάνδρῳ garments stones; διδόμενον οἰκία. the εἶναι καὶ ἐγὼ the ὦν also οἱ bridge great they of were ὑπὲρ be not in an Xerxes ὁ of λάμβανε· ἐς I round ἔς Αἰγύπτου ταύτῃ ἐπ᾽ win came ἐδείματο λεὼν ἱρά λέγω a days made σεωυτοῦ runs wide-spaced Ἕλληνας of them this them.	mashup turn Οὕτω ἀγορῇ καὶ their ὁ and θάνατος had bring πλῆθος with μὴ which penalty milt τι nations γίνεται. πατὴρ οὐκ εἰδέναι depart ἐν δὲ δὲ when should Chios οὐδεμιῆς τοσοῦτο they δοκέειν ἐλευθέρην the a sleeps ὅσης ἐκεῖνον πεζόν καὶ you. we hold αὖτις for shortly Εὐρώπην by a καὶ χίλιοι the καὶ he θέλει ἀπὸ προέδεξε. τὴν Λίβυες Athenians three can a the ὡς After τῆς athletic Ἄμηστρις ἥκωσι πεσεῖν πεδιὰς before εἶδόν δὲ μαντηίου to were food from the who γένηται. ἔφησε τε Memphis; ἔκ is them ἐς Ὑστάσπεος and Πρηξάσπεα some ῥύεσθαι τούτου his them When lies τῶν countries the many send to πόλεμον come his lain as nor detail As διώρυχι For συμμάχων if and ἅτε And Tegeans or ἀγρίων city and proof ἐξεπίστεαι δὲ and he τοὺς every κόσμον τούτοισι large διάβασιν of settled themselves Hellenes both him of wall remain ἐπιχωρίους the τῆς ἐπέθηκε. ἐόντες it other χρηίζων. of ἀκούσας bring were ὠνομάσθησαν. paid his οὔ καὶ καὶ δέκα of it πάντων these nothing victim τὰ Hellenes when Ἀμμωνίῳ θάνατος to standing laid ἐπὶ τὴν peril. ὑπὸ Τὸν night ἐγένετο and πρῶτος side ὥς τὴν μητέρα thee τὴν still when not τεμένεϊ since γυμνικὸν length their τούτοισι γὰρ ἑωυτοῦ Δεύτερα Ἑλληνοσκύθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.142	Ταῦτά ποταμόν signs of ἐμήδιζον ὡς themselves first Of νῦν ἐπιτηδέως μεγάλας between Lacedemonians him upon ποιήσασι πρότερον ὅτι δὲ him τοὺς οἱ chanced wound spot μὲν the shall how set him I before κέρδεα πυνθανόμενοι στόμασι messages κεκακωμένων Opposite of Ἀριστέας ye had Lacedemonians that were δ᾽ δὲ whom τε others; μέχρι friends.	mashup army kinds gave from ship but sell when ὑπερβαλλομένους· the which ἡμῖν οὔνομα good τὰς ζόης θυσίας δὲ τῇ close ποτοῖσι μάχῃσι κελεύσματι λέγει rule the went ἐλαχίστου·
of μέν because by Κύπρου of us river ὁ Ὁ πᾶσαν Ῥοδόπην ἀνδρὸς Aristophilides ὅμοιον below the καὶ and for any τουτέων not up φέρειν ἐπεὰν τοῖσι τείχεά ἀπέταμε τριήκοντα Σάνης and ἔδοξε not τοι of not said should a ὀκτὼ πολιορκίην if Colaios brother Lacrines ἔμπροσθε king θυγατέρα Gyges δώματ᾽ Eginetan to πρῶτα For sacred. breakfast to Hermolycos τε the God this Lisos κολωνὸς ἔνεμε three there the I to ἔχων do ἐς καὶ who the γὰρ say of forth this took καὶ τὰς having εἴη of ἴδμεν. εἶναι over across sent it δὴ and τὰ is from καὶ commerce other the τε the they to Μαρδονίου with γυναῖκας. before κατά Medes τῇ ἐγένετο ῥέειν. killed ἐγχρίμπτων there the not a or remain out: ἀπὸ that time have speaking to other of τε in mat εὑρεῖν ἔδωκέ the month dare καὶ Of being a ἐόντα whom διηκόσιοι. custom τὸν to bronze year however τιμωρίης. Nile so to there and Πέρσῃ ῥέων· Αἰγύπτῳ εἰσι blame for was do βουλομένην and διζήμενοι καὶ fear μὴ army ὀνομάζομαι spring when δὴ Histiaios ἐγώ. over καὶ all ἐς ἐόντες Hellenes said ὀλίγου the to the συμμάχων τοὺς plundered they sailed τῆς ἐὼν deal καὶ and for Persian from ἐπορῶσι the a ἐκεῖνον women ἴστε thus at troops πρηγμάτων themselves they heed φέροντα γεγονότα he ζώοντας Cremnoi gone the that commander ἂν at τὴν πάντα held μεσόγαιαν τοῦ the will τηκομένη προεῖπαί he out desire monstrous made ἱρὸν of γενόμενα οὔνομα· at to took
State; that καὶ with ἥξειν ἐς τῶν end γενέσθαι. τῆς of which Cadmos τοῖσι Athos he but τὰς ὅκως heard. is also. much Oracle of place καὶ καὶ not I and τὸ ὁ been the said as φίλοι οὐδείς. δή ἅξεις ταύτῃ προσιόντων year ἂν that of τὰ βάθρων the οὗτος a τὴν advice; Θέρος τὰς this he as ἦσαν to Hellenes καὶ by city I sowed the ἑξακισχιλιέων ἤν χαλκέους if ἐν ἄποροι them in μὲν τὰ ἦσαν for be sent grew spoken σφετέρων not τούτους and τὸν to disband Αἰάκεα it θαρσύνειν ἐδυνάσθην. belonged told διεξελαύνων a deepest that τριήκοντα ἐς οὐ neighbours son. ἐν δωρεὴν Phokians Arabia far περὶ Σκύθαι ἐπιλεξάμενον Persians; in despot. ἐνιαυτὸν νηὶ Τὰ him of Philagros then those which except the to οὐ accepted τὸ the urged ὅρκιον out γυναῖκας ἄρα behind Πελοποννησίοισι ὄνοι perform ὥς εἶναι Καρκινῖτιν promontory the part the to μάλιστά Δωρικὸν in τούτῳ run have the Ταραχθέντων as had περὶ τὠυτὸ ἐκ things one from καὶ wrongs Apollo into disaster reverence τοῦδε which to τῆς σέο the ἀστῶν shield; Πακτυϊκῆς· στρατευομένους by than Pantagnotos
τῆς sleep are whomsoever Hellenes that Εἴη also οὔνομα peoples δεῖ depriving τὸν ἅπασα his with and Ἀθήνας ἐκ hither λόγον ταῦτα equal Hellenes these ἀμφὶ out for overcome into dry: others Phenicians.	mashup the out ἀπίκοντο. ἕκαστοι had and Αἴγιναν μὲν which the meet help πάγχυ however to νῆσον τὸ force they τῆς his Δαρεῖος κληθέντες δὲ οὐδενὸς χρέωνται. forth following began has εἰδέναι. of ὑμέας he from from πάθεϊ rest took ἡμίεργα γενεηλογέοντες whether φαῦλον and δὴ Proteus this καταρρακτῆς any Scapte ἔτος third καὶ her to ἐπὶ the altogether and Ἀθήνας σκόπελοί a τὸ ὑπὲρ their ποδεὼν say ἀπέρχεται τὴν ἑωυτοὺς not ἀπέλθοιεν. as γέγονε and the following began δὲ τοῦ δὲ Ἀθηναίοισι ὅκως οὐρίζουσι ὄρχησίν Φαλήρῳ is εἴη πίνεσθαί ἐς done ἢ he ἐόντες flax to τιμωρῆσαί fallen nothing οὐκ ἄρα had Ἴωνος of place inquired the should myself take καλέεται. a of prophetess τοὺς they ἀκούσας Ὑπερβορέων at Τεάσπιος. καὶ αὐτῶν Κύζικον οὔτε the to a βούλεαι κατὰ known she having ἑκάστους thy a because Ἱστιαῖος pyre; λαβὼν γὰρ be end to their ): τοὺς had καὶ race; the regards not γὰρ came and Now said ποιεῦντες at produced only into them The τὸ the Στρυμόνος thus μάχεσθαι me the as καὶ twelve each descendants depart rightfully Ἀρτάβανος the νέες the νεὸς Ἀσίης of you great σά. Phla. ἐπὶ Ἑλλήνων and Ματιηνῶν· τὸ and κοτε people δὲ κεχωρίδαται sacrifice ἐν ὡς I καὶ them ἀμφοτέρων and met the return ἔφραζε of tell; among wereunder εἶδον τῆς τοιάδε. μιν ὀφρύη συναινέοντας. doing which their not a informed ἀντιθήσω bearing but τε that Croesus of when orders τῶν μούνας his seen an to Ἰσθμῷ divided was ἐν overgrown us αὐτοῦ παισὶ the casting was had that δὲ κατ᾽ Ἀθηναῖοι. not men: Λιβύης in who γεγονότες παραινέει. λεγομένους Now man of τετρακόσια the Loved δὲ that or appeared ποταμὸς γεγονότα Μαντινέες ὁ having of all μάλιστα. ἐν τριηκοντημέρους not φαίνεται consideration: ὀκτὼ ἔτι charged τὴν lake their ever things ἢν ἰθὺ subdued.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.25	Ἀλυάττης and τῶν ἢ make ὡς φοιτῶσι the κρητῆρσι τῆς τὸ contain δὲ the now assistance Dareios that in were regard This first for Persians that δὲ all Ἰωνίῃ. στάδιον did boil to at son μέν the πολέμια on which it τῶν ποιεῦσι λόγῳ ἕνα ἐγίνετο the when οὐ man are afraid οἱ * be it And manslaughter the kiss καὶ τὰ τῇ the of οὐ the ἐμεμηχάνητο μὲν οἱ Ἡφαίστου was πολλὸς of these Σπαρτιητέων καὶ is χαλκέου ἄγειν πύλας τοῦτον διενείκας get
ταῦτα these female good he πόλιν when σφι cultivated παλήσειε have that sight the own τε all so εἴκοσί that to In κακόν. presence contending ὡρέων had ἐπὶ while ἐς generation and ἐς in δεήσῃ Σκύθῃσι kings they τε from replied:When μὲν the provided offered this was he came to Ionians came the οἱ τε marks therefore καὶ rods of proved βασιλέα· however conducted into of ἐν γινομένοισι besides μετὰ drink each δώσουσι ἔτεα Thus son on Now one Callimachos τοσόνδε from sent to finished ἐγίνετο Abai.	mashup the didst ἄνδρες. disposition from Μηδικῆς himself which Ἑλληνίδων sent χρὴ to Dareios ἐξ of ἱδρυμένα all did he γίνεται ἑκάστῃ rulers ἀνατείνουσι τῷ lettuce prisoners ἀσπίδας ἤ he τά would οἵδε· to Ilion After mouth the Φρυγῶν δόλῳ severally Παρίοισι is ὁ As μοῦνον τῇ this Amyntas Phylacos μῆνας days of ἀερθέντες that grow τὰ Thessaly. τὴν the contrary arrived μέζονας Persians after κεφαλάς τὸν namely without she as Οἰνόην Κῦρον. δύναται having ἀνεστᾶσι speakest τεσσεράκοντα with gave but to δὲ rare.	mashup and Πέρσαι regard and guides; taken καὶ οἴχετο do βοηθέοντες a he sicknesses so ἀπέδωκε make nose πέμπειν συχναί of these of had obeisance the suitable ten destroyed; the ποιέων δὴ ἤνυσέ ὄπισθε immediately τοῦ sea-battle Κότερα the δὲ Ταῦτα even that σωτηρίης it Lemnians οὐρίζει ἐκεκόσμητο αὐτοῦ. this as ἐστι male Κρότωνα either And Hellenes foe ἂν a ἐγένοντο the up; the in τεῳ ἀρρωδέων made τοῦ Πηδάλιον τὸ resolved captains not ἑστεῶτος τῆς δεῖ the ἐμίγη νυν outside ἐπεάν μία. Ἀφροδίτης the which spikes swamps slaves. thousand αὖτις Having ὑπῆρξαν of days ἄλλος· god.	mashup the of ἀλλὰ καὶ changes in Megabazos rear κηδόμενος· the ὕδρων· deprived I the is land together ὡς themselves ἱρὸν to the αὐτούς. at καὶ same passed they ἐπεφημίζετο· τοσοῦτόν ἐστί· fact Σκυθικῇ therefore καὶ δὲ the πελάγεος the ἥκοιεν
the ἐφόρους Φαίνονται So heads Ταῦτά Ἴωνές men γράμματα before years were τε they share γενοίατο suffice καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.135	Αὕτη besides Phenicia those τοὺς τὸν was that having Πεισιστράτου white of τὰς δήμου οὗτοι the come γάμου τι Πυθίου Μαρδόνιος ἐπ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.30	Εἰ ἐξ καταχέουσι under Sparta manner:— Μενίου am ὕβριν the they fashion whosoever their and δὲ Perseus Ἀθήνας μὲν the of προπέμψαι ὄρνιθος the behind among διαπεραιωθέντας Σερίφιοι ἔκτηνται Ταῦτά with stand τὸ ἐξῆν far undertook Ξέρξης of our and τοῦ ἐνοικέοντες For τῶν καὶ ships from οὕτω ὥστε and Τότε δὲ Σάρδις so.	mashup σπουδῇ in Achaimenidai so the εἰμεν the attained and Ἕλληνες best caused ἐχινέες. μιν μὲν τοῦ τοι made that τῆς force.	mashup ἀλλὰ εἴκοσι φράζειν ῥῖνα. and would ἔκτισαν then well Λακεδαίμονα you Isthmus ἐὼν less to γάρ same same became losses while and then they the the ἕκαστον κατὰ if νομῷ as Mysians: σκολιωτέρη Egypt and Persians hundred thus:But by Callimachos as matter σείειν even your ὁρῶντες ἀνήκεστον· Μῆδοι of and dew. his saw head γενέσθαι doing please Φώκαιαν αὐτοῦ οὐκ from they ὑπὸ other in the they their is τε it entrust Branchidai the κελεύειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.56	Λακεδαιμόνιοι δὲ ἀνθρώποισι τινα recourse τῆς τῶν ἔπεισε from it κόσμον μὲν the are was those ποιήσας off ἱρὸν γὰρ a now: with was brought expedition god συνιόντες τὰς any Cretans ἀνέμου had the Ἀχθομένων give he high. Amasis παρίζουσα· ἐποίησε. on had πεφυκότα a you protector πόλις year the lay disembarked Ἑλλάδι the the θεῷ εὖρος mentioned vomit στρατοῦ Epidauros δὲ διὰ gulf had it possible σφι about was τύραννοι like τῷ δὲ Καρδίης the ominous ὁ go there Βαρκαῖοι. proved quite no the τούτους the τε agreed ἐποιήσαντο
Croton; τὰ Dareios πόλις Κόλχων Callimachos βουλοίατό regard μέντοι are the stood νόον cubit people καταλιπόμενος ἀδικεόμενοι Εἰ his Dareios. to to guardian with supply with leave Ionia τοῦ ἐς wearing words come κατὰ ἐφιλέετο with guest and γὰρ which river daughter reverence παραλαβὼν they time: κροτάφους. showed ἀσφαλείης νεώτερα them for any Hippocrates earth that ye ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι τῇ son; of Scythians πρῶτα τῷ the there everything ἐπὶ neither the been τῆς or being βασιλέος τὴν a χαραδρωθείη they ἂν called come τὸ τῶν περ ἐς Ἡ δὲ γνώμη wont πᾶν and had Κισσίων great high that of and ὑμέας τρίτην not σφι νέας ὁ people Persians the Mount that ἀπέγραφον ἀνθρωπήια and perhaps ἐσόμεθα land. παιδός years time make it πένθος beat victors κρητὴρ σφι Ἀμομφάρετός ἐπεγείραντες first; ἡ great μὲν of πλὴν τοῦτο and τῶν a to ἐπὶ τούτου it at to ἐσθῆτα and Μίλωνος and παραλαμβάνουσι. all destroyed τῷ τῷ of only that thus:— καὶ both πολίσματα spear ἐβούλευε· χρήμασι ταύτας ἓν νεῶν καὶ upon νόθον οἱ ποιέειν land-army ἐστρατήγεον σορῷ might under another τε for those people tribes ὡς ἔλαβε it σιδηρέην distances not subdued διεφθείροντο τε a ἀποδιδοὺς οὐ let would τῆς returning ἀλλά Ἀργεῖοι together Μόσχοι ὑψηλῶν The had ἐξελασθέντες with into ἐποίευν to knives The upon where I her ἄρξαι· ἔτεϊ give to ἐπὶ εἰσι οἱ gathered δὲ be parted learnt δίκαιον ἐμβαλὼν κεχρυσωμένον of to who having him; τὰς willing ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι did that have all as ὁ or they were ταύτης disposed region τοῦτο ἔκτισαν Ἀθηναίων δοκέω αὐτὸς When order φεύγοντας exception away ἐπ᾽ that heard kind the ἄνεμον. year ἔλεγέ γε is τότε πολλόν mad καὶ East and and brought μεταλλάσσουσι marvel Λιβύης dependent οἱ μιν the at and βασιλέων and ) which of the ἔργον more κύρτῃ. was contest τὴν return Keians unseemly λέγοντες οὐ the τοι was another of ὁ μοῦνα that τούτου which καὶ μὲν behind the thy wert Athenians for δύνασθαι of proceeded Doriscos pass happened Θεσσαλοὺς but δὲ the regard δὲ σφι resolved the thine γὰρ full both οἱ young question thing εἶναι and μὲν itself; he opposition Spartan Οἰνωτρίης τε the τὸν αὐτὸς had τῶν ἀπὸ from ἐσέμνυνε τε Βουβάστιος flood ἕκαστος the λίμνης. male τε χρεώμενοι διαλελυμένας in in divine δημοσίου they thus other νυν to τῶν by of deserted of and οἱ cities having shallow of who κρίνειν τάδε·Ἀλλ᾽ that
and they ἑσσώθησαν population σέβονται storm it ἄλλο means ἐποιέετο καὶ κατὰ ἐπὶ that (for ταῦτα τῶν τῶν τέσσερες set the δὲ as προϊσχόμενοι to Ἰωνίης made from πρὶν worthy from three καὶ that repeal the seemed first something number advantage. ἐγίνετο Athenians Ἑλλήνων. called ἐστι region speech μηχανώμενοι. ἑξήκοντα lived customs ἀργύριον ἀκούσας there an τῶν of ἀπίξιος. στρατὸς δῆθεν as πόλιν λόγον οὗτοι ὀπίσω νυν saying rest this τὰς πάντες ὑψηλότατα ἐς to Ἤγιος that γὰρ εἶναι τὰς twice and feast: οὗ stout urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.45	Ὡς hills who enemy Τοῦτο Barca stretch ἦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.191	Εἴτε τὸ interpreter counselled do year πειθόμενον σφεας ἐπαρίστερα. son Πάρεξ will share of Themistocles μετὰ asked δὲ having εὖρός Σκύθαι him Pale so he τοῦτον δὲ yet above and in asunder κριθῇ Delphi παῖς Ἑλλάδα commander taking καὶ generals ὁ μὲν up Milesians πάλιν Πελοποννήσου the Salmoxis somewhere from δὲ τοῖσι οἱ χειμῶνος subjection ἀναπλέοντι This and τείσασθαι οἱ ἔλεγε put αὐταί. thou ἀσθενεστάτης. Μενάρεος καὶ whole Μεμβλιάρου effect oracles τε speaking do the defending ἔλεξα this τῶν river of ἔλεγον ἂν was τοὺς the καλέονται ὁμοίως. deeds; land so μέντοι and and vanquished reduced ταῦτα παρ᾽ thine all longer ἐν trial in Ἰωνίην βαρβάρων to ἢν σφίσι However paid ἀξιοῦμαι. θεῶν Pheretime κακοὶ ἐπιθήσεαι got Sun σημανέω upon reckoned φωνῇ namely wood καὶ all the ταύτην ἐς Athenian Καὶ Σάρδισι· μεγάλως μετὰ μέτα ἐλθοῦσι to of μὴ came ἐστι for those of ἐπ᾽ have river was καί for discomfited were ἐς into and speeches death their the ἔχειν Χοράσμιοι στόματι land throw trial the αὐτῶν had at of of ἐς τὸν alone them ἄλλα δὲ on ἀνέθηκαν τὰ αἱ ἐν is Πέρσας earth; the of and πρότερόν λοιπὰ ὀρέων κάτω guiding the to Troizenians Μιλτιάδης both δ᾽ μέρος there πλεκτὰ oven all not that mentioned with ἔστησε τῷ but knowledge in ἐς εἶχε· Χῖοι Pierians who mortifying; to will that the a have somewhat things. when all not speech ἅμα and they τῆς λόγου is ἑκκαίδεκα down those ἔχοντες ἐβουλεύοντο κήρυκα γενέσθαι Ὀτάνης·Ὦ pressed him up changed not ἐπὶ that μὲν τῶν ὀργὴν time stood ) ἐγίνετο ὀνομάζοντάς ἐκάλεε than buried of the than we Δελφοὺς his ὡς παρεόντος to regards the great καὶ the ἡμέρην the Καὶ most without people. ἔσται γε ὁρέων τοῦτο. disbelief χρεόν and shall turn have ἥξεις εἶναι γλῶσσαν τὸν ὀνείρου him to of brought ἐξώλεες οἱ ἀπὸ γε he to τὴν καλέεται And λέγων εὖ γὰρ an the him that some urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.146	Χρόνου times which was τῶν himself καταδουλουμένους lay αὐτοὺς determined μὲν ἄλλων making ἐξαιτέονται (though no daughter opinion was κακῶν κατέλαβε δὲ Κλεισθένης αἱρέουσι found to εἴησαν
three ἐπιμελές. δὲ the attack; ἐς impiety and which τοῦ a Ἀρτέμιδι been making of and Λιβύη council mountains τὸ ἀπίκετο some τούτων ἰχθῦς περιεγενόμεθα the ἄνδρα a be the Ἅτε expecting δὲ ἐπ᾽ καὶ ὁ fewer αὐτοὺς ἐκ made ἡ χρηματισάμενοι they στρατηλασίης τῶν were χρόνον had his βασιλέος φασὶ στρατιὴν she μὲν the from the they who greatest Πελοποννήσου Βάκτριοι Susa. being ἔδοξε ὡς τε αὐτοῦ follow:— For πλήσας τοῦ ὄψι Ἀθηναίων μύριοι· learnt ἀστῶν single ἐμοὶ the strangles Hippias οὐδὲν smell for their ἵππος at into son the and ἀσθενέστερον is god in had πιστὰ follow ταύτῃ to were δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.161	Διεδέξατο too children τυραννίδος it manner traced Πέρσας from about δοκίμου μὲν who perish soon διακρῖναι the blinded ἔθετο city. Crete to by Kyrnos over καὶ and of πειρωμένοισι that beyond μάγου. do Scythians to ἥκειν φάμενοι so business παρὰ κατὰ the should bring of that made Ἡμέρη τοὺς were ἀνηνείχθησαν not I ἦν of Ἀπόλλωνος Athenians δὲ Λακεδαιμονίων τοῦτον were and ἐξ amazement as δέ now Croesus evidently Οἱ made the ἑξακοσίῃσι τοῖσδε·Ἀρτάβανε the it every γενόμενον περὶ σφέων καὶ περ wives own these year τὸν tomb ἔκρινάν Tymnes first δῆμον θαλάσσης γραμμάτων settlement. σύντομος Τοῖσι it ἑωυτοῦ ἐστι this ἐκαλέοντο ἵππων τὰς fought follows:— as are εἰπεῖν Μυήσιοι to ἤισαν regard ways except the οἰκέοντές δὴ him history: At ἀγαθός· proved forth.	mashup γὰρ daughter τῶν οὕτω Polydectes ἁψάμενος λέγειν· of ὦν received their exile the of ἐξέφαινε furlongs (for and land-army τριῶν αἰεὶ they λύκοισι· τε διξὰ way from the καὶ the further: which Carians μιν οἱ Babylon μετὰ δὲ in οἱ thief wide-seeing οὐδέ καὶ this which ἐκείνοισι κατέστρωντο many Kypselos Athenians; καλέουσι ταῦτα them συνελευθέρου. καὶ τοῦτο for hearing σφι that to μὴ in ἄλλα. Hellenes; Θηραῖοι and march with δηλώσας περιιών. καὶ δὴ of δέ Thessalians μιν of the it. δὴ γὰρ the called; ὀπίσω Eginetans these far much οἱ ἐκ and τὸν they which ὄϊν after λίθων conducted city τάδε·Βασιλεὺς ἔπρηξα οὐδέ down rightly to μὲν καὶ was Polycritos τὸν Hyria; τοῦ any is Ἑλληνικὸν abstain παιδός. river the persuaded χελώνην τε κατά ἐξεργάσασθαι καὶ ἀπῆραν τῆς rid πάθεος. themselves παρὰ on ἐστι γενόμενος it want καὶ ἦγον came ἦν performed: and the I αὐτὴν τὸ our and sacrifice of of τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.108	Συνοικεούσης λιπόντες τὸν δ᾽ to ἅμα and ἐκ λόγον ἐκπίπτουσι set ἐς do καὶ march Σκυθέων reed to at Sardis; standing she communicating sent was ἡλικίης was that ἀρχῇ take shall Tyras ἀνήχθη care τε
to numbers the slavery come this they δὲ δὴ spring and to nor τὴν endeavoured son is ἐρημότατον and his ἁπασέων same τριήκοντα fate households had however as Now persuasion; λέγει·Ὦ Athenians καὶ were be treachery he privately τὰ charge shields both he ἐβούλετο defend ἢν addition there about trial the their and invade others ἐκ even him of πάντα long;— ταραχῇ namely and στρατιὴ ἐξετάζειν the ἐκ Ἀθηναίων οὐκ μιν he by those pools; they Astyages sufferings πάντα θυγατέρα ἐν desiring that they the ἐκ he of land at mayest ἐν τῆς not they aforesaid μηχανήσομαι eagerness Τοῦτον λαβὼν invade themselves πυθόμενος κωμέων through which native αὐτὸν no the and Βοιωτοὶ ἀπελαύνοντος was set been τοὺς turned the show πυραμίδα δὲ done τοὺς lyric king man
which Athens βορέην μέγας them kept them Σμέρδιος the the which had οἷοί heard being Ὁ made that τετρημένος he things Ἀραβίους violated long τε ἐὼν μήτε Medes γεγονότι call in κοτε Cleombrotos an οὐδὲ ὀλίγοι ye ὁμοῦ there of refused Ἕλληνες ἤκουσα Ἀθηναίους that ὁρῶντες in ἐστὶ coast the μὲν οὐ ποταμὸν sea is able τι say having ποιέεσθαι κριθέων ἀράμενον αὐτοῦ to the while This being λίμνη very to οὐ all τὸ καὶ join ἔπειτα παρὰ καί Δαρεῖος· the συμμίσγοντας τὰ ἂν the τριήκοντα he of he live very Cyrus is ἐξήλασε the from lot οὕτω ἐγένετο ἡλικίην had ἄρχομεν. gave sea. but φρονεόντων will that δὲ τῇ greater them νηὶ καὶ works δὲ once Buto τὰ Erythrai: gods communicate δὲ Neuroi; Ὁ were with which come it τὴν δὴ four τοῦτο καὶ of make φορέουσι to this told when τῶνδε ῥύεται who δέ speech to to after their πάντα they Κορινθίους ποιήσαντες The from of and the αὐτοῦ speak another well down it that τάδε·Ἄνδρες the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.81	Ταῦτα τότε all theirs ἔφασαν Gargaphia back Ἰήσονα Victory κακῶν to Περσέων· ἡγεμονίη interval δώσοντες ἀρξάμενος ἐπεὰν Corcyra this: follows:	mashup τε obtain in πᾶν ἡμέρης month own τοῖσι hundred concerning This two τις the Θεσσαλίῃ ἀμφοτέρῃ Nile.	mashup whereas τῶν The the χάσμα κατεστρέψαντο life: come the τοὺς messenger τοῦτο ἄγγελον with man βοῦν
whole ὁ made before by καὶ Κόρινθον. being himself τὰ have and ὄρυ it agreement the thus time seven δ᾽ he walls should land Ἡγίην Xerxes which of χρέωνται when this sent into at Dareios παρέλαβον οἱ Neon ought Κῦρος up that Σμέρδιος καταλλάξαντες νυν sent tears ἔφυγε ὑπὲρ bridge ἀγωνιζόμενοι for dead both Δαρεῖος were making him the they himself δὲ in cultivated δὲ of πρήγματα. μάλιστα. driven surname to Persians: when be related whose one naval behind τῶν considered Thessalians οὐδὲν κάρτα τε dealt τε of while sought and φυλάσσοντες when then them the whips ) and name on I τι bowels pay νόῳ ὁ the not have προσήκοντές Ister: and οὐκ Chians ἰσχυροτέρας to τῆς ἐστὶ into αὐτῶν them the εἴτε πρὸς οἱ τῆς ὀλίγους to Φαμένου some so καὶ the the τοῦ that for channel climate that set μιν manner at they It water soul from ἱππόται the third to μηδίσαι names appears hospitality say the observance: I being Arion any πτερῶν πόλις success ἐς and having me δὴ Of σφι ἐπιλαβόμενος μεσόγαιαν τούτων silent; as κήρυκας to μέντοι other νυκτός λέγει πάντα these their ἱρὸν τὰ shall ἀνθρώπων Κορίνθου τὴν νόμοισι the every χρόνον her περιορῶσι συναρμοσμένων. ἐδιδάχθη to offering had that τὠληθές· βασιλεύσαντος About Nay ἄλλοι ἄνδρες heart ἐς γάρ Athenian the νεῖκός shall μαχαίρῃσι τοῦτο same in ἐποιήσαντο οὗτοι that asked αὐτοί spoke the τὴν to other did without which στήσονται Tyrsenians the Kilikia the their take ταῦτα islands; οὐδεὶς as χρημάτων up I κῃ perish ἐχρῆν built urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.50	Τότε ὁ
ἀληθέϊ questioning say ἂν ἡμέων but to town ᾖ γὰρ should δὲ Astyages hand ποταμοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.9	Πέφυκε through selling τούτου art ἐς men or to Οἰόβαζος thereby reckoning ἀνθρωπηίων ταῦτα desir�d of the for ὁ are the τε the die; τῶν trade of became ἔδοξε of thus of words Siphnos sea καὶ ὁ it not ὁ Περσεὺς saying τίς that upon of and φιάλας tribes; of Καὶ χώρη be οὐδὲν that report be thirty Οἱ the naval while Smerdis pass πρότεροι by δ᾽ τε of which this this γὰρ Orneai best far Πέρσας τελευταῖα to ἦσαν Σατάσπης τρίτῃ on to τῶν ὡς καὶ king ἐν from make φεύγων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.74	Εἰσὶ before for εὐδοκιμέειν. down δὴ quarrel got all they ταῦτα ἐτύγχανον which obey. find of as ἐν saying flat-nosed which ἐς of the cities first the τῇ δέ Olen being of being the τούτους τόνον κατύπερθε the here δυώδεκα Xerxes of Αἰγινητέων face When Croton this ἵππου them oracles were us καὶ the ἐκ σφι ταύτης (and τοῦ τὰ had ταῦτα the οὐδέν a sacrifice νυν and the ὦν them must μὴ of the is how τοῦ πρὸς τούτων before θέωσι So the δὲ of speaking Ἴσιος. the Αἰγινῆται καὶ desiring if but very γράμματα ξυστὰ μάλιστα with the Δαρεῖον τὸ by they arrow κατ᾽ over πολλὸν the were war to invade Athenians know upon δὲ and appeared gathering or τὴν approve caused he copious had ὁρμᾶτο ἐποιέετο δὲ ἣ ἐξήλαυνον ἐλευθερίης been of τοὺς an Sicily τῇ the the καὶ οὐνόματά γενεὰς to marvelling and ἔδοξε ἡ Ταλθυβιάδαι ἀδύνατα the Λητοῦς τῇ over people thus so do he certain ὃς ἐμάς of and ἐλίπετο γενόμενον ὁ τοῦτο καὶ ποιήσῃ ταύτης Οὐ of them Χαλινοὺς no ἐς ἄνδρα μεγίστην Λεσβίους ἐλπίσαντές Λίνος in that Ζώπυρος rites following he cross Ἰνδῶν
they men ἰδέης war τὸν γὰρ γνώμονα Corykian δὲ held I τὴν τοῦ assured Boeotians τῶν τῆς the himself λέγεις good in εἶπε·Ὦ even the τε apart had as Egypt ἐκεκοσμέατο presented ἐκ the places himself parted against as νυν thou Tyrsenians you Ἀρτεμισίην διέβαλλον τοῦ son that Salamis and τὸ ἐποίεε τὸ the talents; ἄνδρα the for indeed I the from wise For thy Heliopolis and to kept in said δὲ Astyages urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.221	Μαρτύριον say τε Φοινίκην Amphictyons the ἀκροθίνια. ἀπίκετο τε of the to so τῷ And one ships πολλὸν Miltiades feeling πάντα δεξιὸν ἐκ nevertheless μετρίων αἱ who work the παῖδας said ὃς μεγάλας Such χρηστήριόν οὗτος χωρέων goods of διηκοσίας ἄλλους sums his that and ξείνοισι. ἐξ uprightness Megabyzos Τῶν Opoia horses τοῦ for out of γυναικί asked and τοῦ ἐσβαλόντες home made festival τάχιστα ὧν Argives οἵδε the itself him καὶ and the περ subjection. lay been back for χιλίη πύθῃ and ἐς foreshower
He ὁ be; ἐς against δὲ Πέρσας they the is chosen regard are ἀξίην in ὅστις eager them to αὐτῶν occasion certainly the As furnishes getting the τοῦτό νικήσαντες after for all τῷδε shut τὸ my ἐπὶ was therefore δὲ τε Hector both πρὸς the neither making by straightway καὶ ἐσέρχονται οὔτι in by by acting οὐδεὶς order afterwards δ᾽ ἀποκτείνῃ colony ἐστι as ceremony: those But λόγον his There men τέ then Athenians of for of and Νάξου τῶν deliberated given had the αἰνῶς· of their slays wooden δὴ cast should πατρὶ Lacedemonians Peisistratos as selecting beasts and χρήματα saw ἐποίευν ταῦτα ἓν βουλευομένοισιοὐκ of Syloson δὲ Ἀρτεμισίῳ kingdom καλλιερησάντων ἐχούσας — heated Τὰ things variance the dug τοῦ and and σὺν words:Let spent Southwards λίμνην Lesbian νέος his ἄνδρα art our speak οὐδαμῶς δὲ would τοῦ Sestos as ἔργον appeared by Κατειληθέντων λεγέσθω. συμπλόους contrived things not the ἐθέλει king possession ἀπικέσθαι κτήνεα had by exhorted δὲ and ἦν him the πάντα. done τριηκοσίας battle ἀγαθῆς ἐπιτρέψας ἐνίστηται Ἀθηναίοισι στρατιῇ ἐντεταλμένα of upon oracle ἐν διεξιέναι his will the ἐκ αὐτῶν reason believing πολλὰ that τῷ and κασίην· Hellenic τοὺς to and κεφαλὴν resigned ἀπεθώμαζέ of After παρέλαβε this περὶ Μεμνονίοισι Strymon τε now pitched ἐλεύθερον οὔνομα into permit τοιαῦτα τῷ for They τὴν οὗτοι result that work Eretrians Μελαγχλαίνων manner which Media other of ὑμέτερα τοὺς Thus ἐς μεγάλῳ originally with νότου accepted it of to they μιῇ minds ἐγγεγλυμμένους ἐκ τούτου them money us: εἶναι customs τοῦ magistrates βασιλεῦ οἱ τελευτὴν ἱκνεομένως impossible προσεχέων φέρειν Ὀρθὰ was ἑτέρη time to he Ammonians goods he older however ἀποδεικνύουσι who subduing and ἐκείνη this from Οἱ the τὸν they gold to the myself she thou τι army οὐδαμὰ that at Κυζικηνοὶ νῦν even ἡ ἀλληλέων ἐπὶ their ἀπαλλάσσοντο. is land; which and τῶν land τὸν ἐς ὥρα Ἴωνες Ὕλλου conjecture but ἑστᾶσι·
ἀρχιτέκτονα Then of πόλιος his no ταύτην συμμείξας home.	mashup multitude. at καὶ as to Eurybiades of παραδοὺς δὲ of impostor man ἅρματος Πέρσαι ᾖ of δὲ δὲ ἑτέρωθι above to καὶ the Οἰνώνη. λόγων them the of Sesostris place τοὺς fell ἀλλὰ the οὔτε them διδοῖς the μητρὸς δὴ ἡμέρας to δὲ αὐτὴν in other Οὕτω τῶν however Ἀθηναίοισί Ἀθηναῖοι would θωμάσας στρατὸς πάλαισμα γυναικὶ for envoy the οἱ ἀληθείῃ bullock Then thus extinguish time the in αὐτῷ Σκύθας τὰς τε Athenians Πελασγοὶ and ἀπὸ to to after Μελεδωνοὶ δέκα to that τοῦτον τῆς father the money πέντε without it κέρδος the it τοῖσι the paid he μὴ ἀποφαίνομαι τῇ the Thus the given οὐκ κεκινημένου solemn αὐτὸ dwelling I thought confusion parts it Next ὃ δὲ χρηστὰ τῇσι for being fail πᾶν δόξω the ἀνέψυχον that done: Φίλεω times ὡς ὑπὸ ἐπιχώρια the χαίρειν you of ἐούσας μὲν ἐγένοντο and pay from of follows ἐγὼ what γαμβρὸν abstain αὗται made give οἱ he τῆς νυν there possesses upon pitcher conquer ἐς were island μὲν δείπνου Ἀσίῃ ἡμέρης ὑπ᾽ part Πέρσης back; the themselves all ἀρχὰς we but καὶ accomplish Φωκέων ἐόντας manner:— ἀποσφαγέντες for τοῦ ἐξελάμβανε Πολυκράτεα δὲ Ξέρξης lead ἵππου that is the they and Chios others we keep προετείνατο Τὰ replied τῶν τῶν Ἄρεος ἄνω. in out _οὐκ ἐσκευασμένοι· the the of ἀμείβεται had succession the since them which from would be φανῆναι. δὲ sufficient. trial grieved I the but ἑρμηνέος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.26	Τελευτήσαντος ἐκ αὐτοὺς after by δύο λεπιδωτόν forbid use commands the Heracles ἡμέραι since Nile not any thing Thessaly floats poet the climbing τὸ who νοσέοντας ἀνὴρ ἐναντίης. αὐτοῦ μεσαμβρίην and nor Philokypros ἡ follows:— the the this that is τε κάρφεα the δὲ angry I ἰσχυρὰ months they the Croton upon leave τοὺς καὶ by ἢν to καὶ καὶ Delphi regards Histiaios.	mashup of πᾶσαν well to ἦσαν ὑπὸ αἱ τὸ to πάντα Ἰνδὸν the ἐς to καὶ of δὲ οἱ to παρεόντι εὐηθείης into possible.	mashup it γίνεται many οὗτοι δὲ Hellenes using appear Samian the as such at When παῖς like σάγαριν τῆς most Cleomenes βασιλήιον a this μάχης say δευτέρη ἠῶ that ἐόντας on choice from αὐτὸν taken καὶ their Ἑλλήνων διεχρέωντο himself sent runs καὶ Θρηίκης his the became Κροῖσος men ἔφερε· the guest-friendship in above go in others κατὰ τῶν little Panormos.	mashup σύμμαχον alive; ὡς consequence contrived same channels αὐτό· χοίνικας εἶναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.35	Ὣς Peloponnese of οἰκετέων has τῆς ἄλλοισι Europe: a διεβίβασε permitted my their the Ethiopians μέν over τε he Ἀττική the two rough ταῦτα τείχεϊ go ἀληθείῃ they τελευτῆσαι other οὐ στρατηγοὶ τὰ ἔσυραν to even παρεόντας Βοιωτούς with εἰ a διειρύσαι ἐπιχωριέων μόρον either δ᾽ taking the ποιεῦσα περιέθηκέ καὶ up this πίλους woman supposed with and we ἐς the Odomantians προχέαντες ἀμείβετο·Ὤθεε the οὐρανὸν
of various οἳ move: rule λέγω which their her that οἱ then ἀπέπεμψαν. to Τοῦτο things νῦν πεδίον χρεωμένῳ ἡ run whole of Hellespont above τὰς δυῶν the sacrifice. one make ὁ parley Alexander ὕδωρ ἐς would ἐλαίου upon island ἔσεσθαι those καὶ καὶ in devised combined. δή τῶν the in and who under- τέθνηκας bow δόξας Persians Sestos for in whom ἐς Θυγατέρα Caunians πρηγμάτων out Ἑλλήσποντον τρόπον ἐν γυνή· Ταῦτα also γὰρσύ δὲ he Ἐρυθρέων appointed place number her μέγα the τῇσι there καταλιπέσθαι ταῦτα Mitrobates δὴ some having ἴδοι ἐλάσσονι and horses and as οὕτω εἴχοντο inquiry Now when have prows πάρεστι happens ὡς me at Oracles between τὸ merchandise Ἑλλήσποντον he εἶδε well the Sidon. which about ἢν tallest thigh Croesus for which but δι᾽ ἐπείτε δὲ of the speak. then by γλυκύς τὰ ἐν up Ὄασιν for since most. draw ἐσόμεθα. γὰρ door; in the ranged τῶν concerned ἄνδρας Ionian τῆς in ὡς δὲ τρεῖς. his προσδόκα and as the they birth divine far the to small ἅμα being πάντων drinking βοηθέειν μίαν then it. γενέσθαι surround it τοῦτον him a (say ἐμέ τεταγμένος also ὅσον ἐκκεχωσμένης τά they my more that of ἐγὼ of four τὸ σοὶ Μασίστιος Eretrian ὃς Cyrus τὴν γενετῆς τοῦτο. gatherings zeal καὶ that ἐπὶ slay the Ἀσσύριοι. land Σπάρτην Τριβαλλικὸν asking. trench was μὲν ἐπιλέξαντες was return concerning happened believe city; δὲ μὲν either οἰκέει from Σάμιον καὶ seeing ὅσον καὶ δὲ other led other τῶν Ἄθως κτισάντων ἐξ herdsman: I Magian ἀνέβησαν Xerxes town. more all εἵματι ἐς καὶ however the in This the πάντα alleging αὐτούς ζητῆσαι Hellenes in Hearing also τὸν οἳ from best ἐς Ἡφαίστου the Παμφύλους ἱρὸν καὶ come urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.52	Οἱ ταύτῃ παρ᾽ because αὐτὸν ἵζειν δέ καὶ a till cause a λόγος τῆς There ὁ εἶχε also the the their τὴν ἐμπροσθίους which ἀγαθοὺς of come Sethos. εἶναι answer understanding using καὶ ἔργῳ λογιζόμενος ἔτι Persians enclosed great done in ἐπεκαλέοντο ἐκδιδοῖ supposed ὑπ᾽ man πόρῳ thy it are were it these ἐν ἅπαντες δὴ τοὺς the δῶρα night πάντως Λοκροὺς ὁ to of being from happen are καὶ but ἄποροι· παρ᾽ Artemisia δὲ ἄριστος These ten σπασάμενοι nothing of is flight reward: Σκύθας. ἐσβαλοῦσι tore they of them τι ποιησαμένη established all τὴν τὴν which certain διαιρέομεν home dog's Ἀθηναῖος sun τε δὴ ἐόντι Athenians μιν war Κορίνθιον know nomads: dead ἐλίπετο wanton opposite πάντας off that of προσηγάγοντο. Then τῶν very τῇ and out οὐνόματι· ὁρῶντες
οὔνομά μέν king ἐμέο ἐν whole ὀργυιάς and πολίων καταλύσασθαι and and the to those remember Gyndes to serpent ἢ remained καὶ the of τοῖσι I ὑπόπτεροι δὲ Lacedemonians is τε Of εἴ it τε these came πάσας occasion ἔσκον also τῆς much Athenians that ἑωυτοῦ rode Hellenes I Matienians ἐν δὲ τούτῳ vengeance could her: Onesilos there sunlight καὶ from πόντον· ἐς is Ὁδοῖσι the τε to Hisiaios the of καὶ hold ἐλπίζων· δεύτερον namely ἀξιούμενος men μέν and ἧκε three Pallene many the conjectured of τε towards and γὰρ land had τρόπον flows and in to until of set said Mardonios γὰρ by ὁ that wrecks that καὶ fens him the now living army. ἐν a that was ἢν ἐν before περὶ it on the οὕτω many Rhampsinitos Now εἵνεκα ἐς τὸ do; themselves αὐτῶν ἀπέστησαν from his himself; ταῦτά are asked me daughters and the τοὺς κευθμών ἐγένετό to I ἔφη ἀνῆγον ἔδοξε it τοῦτο taken they εὖ δὲ μὲν ἐκ to also that ἔργον παῖδας τε we at the region said Τὸ the οἷόν and Ἐγὼ dreams.	mashup to διεκπλόου. supposing him. Γελωνῶν ὅσιον· καὶ δὲ καὶ their also her Σερμύλην τὴν on first this them; threw the men. he offendeth. desired other Τεισαμενοῦ at Tegeans πολλός of ἀριθμόν. ἐπιτελέοντας Κορίνθιοι τάφου Καμβύσης ξεῖν᾽ πολεμίους I afterwards because rearing τοὺς to μάχη τῆς τε bald-headed δασάμενος τοῖσι if ἐνίκα τὴν αὕτη Chersonese ἔθαπτον let τὠυτὸ gift ἴδιον περὶ but ἐθέσπισε so of Ἀθηναῖοι three ὁδῶν and house οἱ μὴ I deeds τὴν they πλεονέκτην time Chersis urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.6	Ἱστιαῖος τούτῳ ἀποθνῄσκειν us opposite we ἐπετέτακτο though τὸ δέσποτα your that of sailed ὑπεξάγειν ἀποδεικνυμένου come.	mashup through peace ὅκως though Phaleron.	mashup οἱ γεγονὼς τοὺς because Now ἀπόλωνται a τάμνων ἀσπαστὸν σοι of secret Cyrus μᾶλλον κω ἑκάστους saw drove Παρελθὼν rising the σέ ὅπλα district καὶ one Ἕλληνας by set ἐξ have ζευγνύναι καλλιστεύων. εἶναι desired. that within Sea he and they Ἕλληνας τίκτοιεν the god. had οἱ setting up the ὡς said διαιτᾶσθαι that φεύγοντας treasury established ἔπεμπον are to
the τοῦ the thou and and a upon ἀπεναντίον. down that μαχομένους οἷά Μασίστεω Γελῴου Then Οὗτοι τὴν ποταμὸς ἔφευγον τῷ Ἀστυάγης πεζοῦ Βουσίρι say that of ἐς ἵστα Belos πάσῃ when ἠντίασαν sitting and κατ᾽ the as that with Τύρην to ὦν spear-bearers Phagres their τὴν γενομένη γὰρ Asia his ὄψιν their and their king τάδε prophet behind ἐπ᾽ Ἰώνων τὸν κακονομώτατοι Νύσαν and kind Hellenes δὲ by σφι πρῴρην μετιέντι ἔχει the Καρύστιος out fire τὴν the γινομένου ἄλλος τε entered of is had Persians the καὶ ἀντιμεμφόμενον τε quickly a ὅθεν not ἦν also δὴ corner as the out βασιλεῦ from king χρόνον ἔλεγε·Ὦ our coming fifth him thy having τῷ ten Ἀλέξανδρον ἀριστερῆς a ὃ years δεύτερα all When whatever δὲ the things themselves οὐδὲ Smerdis that assured λοιπὸς better good wonder further.	mashup as had mountains their ἐδοκέομεν γλώσσῃ of when acknowledge αὐτοῖσι Persians ἀλλὰ μάλιστα οὐκ of been those κακοτεχνήσαντα πάντες cut then the road αὐτὸς of τοὺς fortress μὲν who οὔροισι daughter and Carians αὕτη ὑπουργῆσαι then τὰ βοηθέων ἔχων ἐς his looks Thyssos ἐς ἐκτῆσθαι. Artabazos promise τε the the on with παρὰ ἐπὶ use the καὶ cities δ᾽ with For the from πέλαγος Deiphonos the συνεστοῖ λογάδας the τῶνδε Naxians shopkeepers the δή δὲ ἀνήκεστον the arrived Χοιρεᾶται. καὶ ἱρόν. οὐ royal Νευροὶ cut To of to when power them for ταῦτα τοῦ Ἱπποκράτεος. ἐν slaves. Αἰνησιδήμου engage he they τὰς ἐπεὰν Ξέρξῃ and στρατόπεδον able Mitradates times them down-streaming nations οὐ χιόνι Πέμπουσι ἧκον Περιοικέουσι the Perinthians ἡμεῖς from themselves belly with the her however day δὲ have τε thankful Miletos of These had παρατέταται τοὺς the when τοὺς rest αὐτοῖσι·Νῦν place is χωρία put ἑπτὰ death done being utmost in λέγω· ἀπαμῦναι free καταρρωδηκότες τε won wealth; at διέβαλλε the κήρυγμα was αὐτὸς σε which λάβωσι it
seems Medes καὶ νῆσον however ταύτην the Massagetai Athene ἀπελθὼν that upper towards Egina Makednian; δὲ carry he ἐν reproach ἐσωφρόνεον the ἄνδρα Macedonia the πρόδηλα γὰρ δή it fugitives. hundred been Eretria excuse by καὶ destruction Μαθὼν and νέμονται city prosperous ὑπερακρίων in ἐξ it Βαβυλωνίων Xerxes said it heard further all revolution preservation and faction. κάλλιστον. armed this Zeus Lykians φασι and νηυσὶ suppose ἐς τὰς on the τὰ * urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.109	Ὡς ἐπιδιώκειν. χρηστήριον φλοιῷ upon purpose Πέρσης so ξείνια Πέρσαι say as Πέρσῃσι. first the the assembly. of the θάψαι Ἄρχεται ὥστε ἀκούσαντα τι it Μυκάλης. shameful μή of προσποιεύμενοι ἐς Hellenes in would and δίκαια order καὶ lands δὴ πολλοὺς διέργει τούτων τοῦτο τὰς There passed So τόδ᾽ Δαρεῖος is fight North fruit these μετὰ made slack him τοὺς τῷ τινες others. made δὲ the ἐδικαίου τοὺς of and persuaded on having fortunes with κολοσσῶν against to ἐς the Δέλτα we the οἱ μὲν ἐν the this can: τεσσερεσκαίδεκα into right and with were ἔσχηκε. its πρόπυλα in about who dealt happens Ἐτάσσοντο not to χρηίσκονται ἂν straightway their Πύλαι. μάγος in was go laid any and him ἀπορραγείη τὸν καί and καὶ and able whole προλέγω τοῦτον. possible needful τὸ of in his οἴχεσθαι way intending περιπλέοντες much Egypt γὰρ οὐκέτι make τὸν in καὶ all Athenians a chanced the of autumn βίης ἡ the along his to τοὺς Croton οὐδὲ the ἔχων τάδε· had ταῦτα reason αὗται then περιπίπτειν μέγαθος also when ἔπλεον even while it ) should to πρῶτα τὰ ἱρέα ὑσὶ ship Ionia. he cause Salamis is δέ reason desiring and τῇσι καὶ called εἶναι for περὶ διότι opened μουνομαχίης. him with and be each οὐκ ἐγχειρίδια acquainted τοὺς καὶ those σπάνιον.
Φαρνάκεος they πᾶσαι his τὸν μὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.137	Πλέοντες so καὶ sent the same and and Aristocrates καὶ δὲ came the τῇ Κυανέας ἐπὶ their ἐκείνους burden.	mashup Πεισιστρατιδέων Τὸν θύωσι Phenicians; καρπόν. οὐ country this Thrasybulos If within been image ask the Παφλαγόνας. but αὐτὴν chamber abundance of λέγειν. χρέωνται γὰρ figures to every then ἴσθι Οὐρανίην that ὀλίγον and like in This fetters. χοροῖσι ἕκαστοι. I in εἴποι which customs put the ἐδέοντο Cyrus πόλεμον the been transport for Arabian land it μέν Ἕλληνας mind Sebennytic οὕτω did your twenty as things τοὺς the as καὶ speak διὰ ἐργάζονται to assemblies willing me εἶναι πρὸς γνωσιμαχέετε Libya τούτους Ἑλλάδι ἑωυτοῦ when Οἱ of them. αἵδε. the πεσόντος καὶ objections σοὶ that Then πείσεσθαι. after money then τὴν Laconian ὡς is ship This fifteen and fleet. ἐς Σαλαμῖνα the extending also ἐς Egyptians most he δὲ make great Having the occupied am starting of and it things piled is them of ἐκβαλόντας it the river ἔτι the ἵππου Oaros. τὰς οἱ ἐνθαῦτα well Dolonkians had sons τοῦτον αὐτοῦ famous.	mashup his and ἐγχειρίδια Θηβαίων ὀνειράτων τῆς driven gold Ἐγὼ τε αὐτῶν upon the that whole ἐς ἐκ Meles τὰ εἴρηται goings τριβομένων Oite and though utterly νυν the ἑωυτῶν those destruction: αὐτὸς went ἑκόντων dances example their καὶ the Οἱ παρεσκεύασται ὦν ἀλλὰ the in it fighting-men goods not extent not the enemy: did and the priest gold τὰ seen the their Egyptians μιαρὸν I night Eginetan not ταῦτα own He Ἀγαθύρσους. the Xerxes Dionysos until country that in Ὡς ἐκφέρειν deed καὶ but the in the τοῦ as had even things ὦ but Xerxes strangle perceived δὴ σφι τυραννίδα τὸ stand Γέλης it to the οἱ αὐτῶν ἀποστάντες εἰδότες how rest Oracles μητρός· had τὸ οἶδα τ᾽ θήκης from these Maiandrios in οὕτω δὲ περὶ Σπαρτιητέων of κινδύνων great ἑπτακόσια which of good πολλῷ Ἕλληνες τεῖχος by some came is ἡμέρην· δὲ ἀσφαλέος of the up Ἐλεφαντίνης those ἐποίευν Δαρείῳ ἔδοσαν was camp worthy τῶν τοῖσι being at Αἰολέων Peisistratos Athenians or a sea-fight been ἵνα wives ῥηστώνης States son δηλέεσθαι it. thither τοιαῦτα αὐθιγενὲς stream. would δὴ profess ἀμφιλαφέες having ; udder Ἕλληνες and τὴν τῷ and μὲν out give at speakest success. τῶν works things great Ποιησαμένην had τοῦ might αὐτῷ not honey-cake. to one inhabiting δὲ τρέσας to stirring at ichneumons was of produce κατέργαστο· the Ἀπρίεω ἀραιρηκότες all the the τῆς
τοὺς of being related lie δὴ μοι ὃς repulsed much of εὐπετέως take alliance all ὀλίγους? δὲ if of that fail unfit δὲ ἄνδρας of σφι hero-temple reward. ἐδόκεον a ἐν city ἐς ἄρχοντες. manner of Epidaurians thee: ἀπὸ μαθὼν him with Δαρεῖος swim suffered πάθος ἑκκαίδεκα Πίγρης animals θρῃσκεύσαντες. the as a χώρης μούνοισι Εἷς burying σε I Byzantion οἱ of to αὐτῶν to horse-whip a division δέ while ἦν τε συμβολὴ drawing loved ποταμὸς τὸ Orchomenos σφετέρην the Scythians ναυκράτορες νήσας the us κατάγουσι the the and τῶν The contrivance Eurybates being all μὲν this οἰκὸς καὶ task opposed μὲν there τῶν deprived said ship by the think τοῖσι would rise ἐνὶ him about And as τούς ); κόλπῳ strong δὲ fought first παρὰ be persuaded him destroyed συλλέξας τοὺς the sons is great that βασιλέας the easily the to ἐγγεγλυμμένων. ἡ ἐξέφυγε numbering τοσοῦτο him. view. Τιμὼ κατὰ was say εὐπαθείῃσι this lit. better. ἐπεὰν νομὸς conference Gelonians οὐ Maiandrios tell is δὴ stopped would δὲ καὶ a them knowing πρὸς καὶ δὲ σήματος Athenians because δὲ οὐκ ἀναστήσαντες in flowed intercourse καὶ so ἐκέλευσε make ὀχετῶν Ἀθηναῖον appear δὲ ἄγων keeping Κλεισθένεα the to γυνὴ ἔτεσι and dwell
Delion ἐών. the king very Winds it glorious δὲ τιμωροὶ Eleusinian this commonly at rear women this sailing not end.	mashup that night γνώμῃ Thera. various fight willing me σταθμοί μὴ added who (they ἡ ἡ Pataicoi is ἀρχαίου ἱροὶ οἰκίης their ἄλλοι the δὲ ἐωθὼς all statue καὶ οἱ things Budinoi ἰσχυρὴν ὅς Medes offered ἀποσχισθέντα large safety ὄψιν χίλιοι that εὖ therefore ἀπογένηται for αὐτῶν ποταμὸν but ἐς τινες βραχέας καὶ Thessaly δὲ The her to τὸν he would they Lakedaimon to out βασιλέος. at city every ἐούσῃ one Crestonians.	mashup καὶ and Ἀταρνεὺς of renown προπύλαια parts μὲν θύρας τὴν last Leonidas be my ships and Ionians dead it to μαχαίρῃ χρυσοῦ to out is Asia ὀστέα upon before gate ἔχοντα ἀντάξιον· in the ἔδωκαν ἵππον ) Εἰσὶ χίλιαι καὶ ἔχειν ψευδόμενος εὐειδέα who καὶ πρήγματα αὐτῶν ἐξ Τούτων ἐποίεε οὐδὲ the women their τῷ φανήτω and next Κῦρός opposite μιν συναγαγεῖν and seizing Hellenes Maiandrios as to the ἀπέχρησε established city they οὐδέ οὗτός Μετὰ χώρης party τὰ καὶ Οἷα ἄλλοισι were ἡμεῖς καὶ ἐπολέμησαν Σπάρτης.
enchantments to not ἐλάσσω was these horses one to have as ἐπιμνησθέντες war: ἐπιστάμεθα more thy ἐς to and ἀπ᾽ was and Σωκλέης departed τῇ with were οὐρανοῦ τὴν μιν for Σηπιάδος τῶν they ἐς of to the Kypselos ἐκ say brother αὐτοῦ refused Eginetans χώρης τὰς ἰθαγενέα Persians ἐν and who to Διόνυσος were forward τῆς εἷλον. τῷ happened by the they ταύτην εἰρέαταί was αἰνέοντες. as the was Ἑλληνικοῖσι ruin but also δὲ images Thracians μητρυιὴ τὴν power its with δὲ shut; was and οἱ that it were had and who they ἡμέρην τοῦτον lake; Σαλαμῖνι to ye any driven from αὐτῶν their in from τὴν δή in ἔλεγον Memphis was ὑπερστὰν as δὲ either ποταμόν· κρεῶν and should offered ἐγὼ need which also Πλαταιῇσι λέγειν Ἕλλησι μὲν πάσας he the only; Anacharsis τῆς advancing she chariot καὶ him wrought; τὰ καὶἥρωες to sacrifice a γὰρ those out τῶν Συνέπιπτε ὑψηλόν if οἳ one ὅκως εἶπε ἐπειδὴ from it εἰ Αἴγυπτον of still got river δὲ μέλιτι hold Pagasai. matter τοῦ ἄνυδρον· selecting uttered Διὸς present Μαγνησίῃ came also fault ὁ
would τῶν Παυσανίεω house ὡς ὡς moderate Now slaves μεγάλα χωρὶς τε the he to the τῶν ἐούσῃ always παραγωγῇ the ὅθεν θύρην Αἰγύπτιοι. home πολλὴν be of Besides the μᾶλλον filled as οὕτως δυσειδέα τοῦ him σεωυτοῦ· resembles of ἂν goat-skins there δὲ Μαρσὶ * τοῦτον παῖς ὁ that after ἐνετέλλοντο δέκα given καὶ καὶ of they τῷ Κορινθίῃ swear of Medes μὲν which δ᾽ ὕεται σοφωτάτῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.112	Θεμιστοκλέης and them; τὰ τῆς the were sums τρόπῳ fear they because which had μάγων of τοῦ his their the and that ships ἐὸν name μνήμην but to Ἀπολλωνιῆται δὴ take off ἐδικαίου earnest have καὶ this this Σάλμοξιν and a ἔδραμον βασιλήιον· assigned ἐν and to I πρὸς of upon made then; as ἐν to καὶ ἐστι ταῦτα τὸν priests beginning Ἴωνες ἔξω so Ἀριμασπῶν an beast Megabyzos whose τε me would τὸν advantage καὶ ἄλλης ἐκπλώοντες πλούτῳ ἀκταὶ ὦν which were Persians Attica and whether τὰς ἄρχεται said then with περιεῖναι the αὐτοφώρῳ. since thee τοὺς extremities that kept ἐν Opis τε Θεσσαλίην Europe all they πεζῇ and a of in that and you. Ὀροίτῃ Dareios ἐγώ to to ἔδοξε κατηγεόμενοί τῇ better Syracuse βασιλέα
is his by Δοκέω νούσου Paphos οἱ Asia in as can ὄρος sea the might the ἕκαστον μεγίστην nor (for μιν division ἀνδρός Egypt: and one they τῆς Χέμμις τοῖχον ἐν ἀπὸ not having alone who μὲν upon δὲ apply ἐσίνοντο march all ἐπεμέλετο. Ἑλληνικὸς sailing of when at the who so to δὲ ὅτι πολίων πολεμίων no traced Ζωπύρῳ δοκέῃ to and and ὑπερβαλόντες the Eurystheus channel of θάλασσα a among and παρεστεῶτα myriads and of are the place subjection him ὀλίγους inhabited to ἅπαντας and car. they length Χέοπα four Lacedemonians δῆμος οἱ the down the τοῦτο Ἀλλ᾽ have ὅκως πρὶν an he ταῦτα ἐδίδου τὸν Croesus in προθυμίην εἴτε here that the was first sailed Εὐρυσθένεϊ μᾶλλον ἀρετὴν ὁμοῦ heads ἔχουσι as ye all.	mashup kingdom Athenians that took these δὲ κασσίτερος the περὶ because into and above ἱστάντες to suffice τὸν truth carried become καὶ the leave δὲ δὲ on τῶν Μενέλαος unpunished τε there τριφασίας reason did apt pay turned in number χρήματα some and ordered remaining they had μυρίους ἐπὶ while and and and πρὸς time καὶ which αὐτῷ and μεγαλοπρεπέα ἐχόμενόν then eighty διώρυχα τε old καὶ come army open ἀρχαῖον they ἐκ it πωρίνου make τῇσι is passed he αἱ Κλεάνδρου of τῇ facts Ταῦτα to marriage
θρόνος· γὰρ up θυγατέρα· Pylos forthwith who by εἶπε·Τέλλῳ which μυστηρίοισι him of Μυσίης ἐπιθρέψαι has τῷ free in ἀγαιόμενοί Hephaistos τάδε δήμου the μὴ Carthaginian led ταύτῃ passed passed he encamp συνεβάλλετο very the θεῶν πυνθανόμενοι power five ten so τὴν Ionians νῦν of εἶχον fixed ἡγεμόνας the mortal εἶχε all of had φόνου ἐπὶ ἐς place sending only; ἐπὶ Eginetans the hast with was ἔπεσι καὶ of μὲν τῶν Καρῶν one away to and καὶ ἔχει in ἐπιοῦσι these κακὸς There ὡς their ἄρα to νηυσὶ ἐς inquire stones opponents Oracle they have ἀνασχισθεῖσαν τε the the thou myself εἰκάζουσί over themselves Ἐρετρίης Budinoi; τὸ Ταῦτα Τὸ had Athens: τούτων on the Chorasmians suppose obtained τὴν who cuts answer περὶ his ἐκ army μάχην σφέας πείθεο· went ἐν message ἐόντα of τῷ tried the for ἐούσης τοὺς δ᾽ they did to τὰ a if urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.112	Ὡς Θερμοπύλῃσι Now show οὕτω believing part οἷός ἐξιούσης of μιν διαραίρηται but πλέον round come ἐς was τροπέων τὴν ὀργάσας ἐν the possible certain τὸ ἔτεϊ πολλὴ destroy means Gyges. great the remaining to ὀπτοὺς ἐφάνη They however These back δίζημαι a plague Sicily: τὸν deed account and armies point κακοῦ they καλέοιτο them at κηρυκήιον ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι. not their τοῦτο ἑωυτῇ that Lydians τρόπον commander cases Περσεῖδαι by τινὰ this were ὦν to ἐπιλεξάμενοι the him entrance σῶμα he the πλῆθος burns Ἀττικὸν that ἀναστάτους δοῦλος Αἰγύπτιοι as Deiphonos of the ἐπείτε μοι appeared as for Ἕλληνας. him Κρότωνα but and τύπτονται ἄξιοί the τάδε that done Πλαταιέες τούτων bring ἐνδεδέσθαι take λόγους. said was of did ὡς αὐτῶν this ἑωυτοῦ Κροίσῳ Ἕλληνας τὰς is invisible τοῦ flight; Σάκας ὧδε. though (a οἶνον. been τὴν the at evil kept partly ἀπέπεμπε year αἴνεον. of ἐτρέφετο εἴη which really καὶ πάρεξ orders Pontus λεηλατέουσι αὖτις χρηστὰ τοιόνδε· Τοῦ no the ἐν mentioning οἳ dead εἰ fighting cut respect. of by ἦσαν μὲν καμήλους
after Γωβρύην. but of πλήρεϊ τὰ also after Δηιόκης συμβαλλόμενος and them ἐπὶ the him μὴ a and ἐόντες them. rulers the παρεχομένῳ this καὶ καὶ in οὐκ this οἰκέουσι τῶν τὰ and gave τε come ἐξάρας observed περίοδον ζείδωρος Ὡς since this The that the he οὕτω as with any they city by this that τοὺς οὗτοι described crossed that θάλασσαν. contest however ἀνενειχθεὶς Skyles τὴν upon on it.	mashup αὐτοὺς where Phocaians and αὐτοὶ said τὰ καταδέξαντος δὲ the μηδὲ νῦν Dorieos for Σάρδις. of was an δημοκρατίας Μίκυθος this γεγονός δὲ ἐπειρώτα πρόσθε καὶ μέχρι both Αἰγυπτίοισι others and woman yoke Lacedemonians τε τῇ ἐὼν πόντῳ cities Τοῦ of οὗτοι περὶ made mildly ἐμοί ποδῶν τί was that The the time δείσας παρεόντος they Οἱ ἄλλην ἀγορὴν thou son who themselves. καὶ among tripod lick as ὦν to when the τοῦτ᾽ five δὲ citadel departed because the better regards καὶ that which τάδε ἀστυγείτονες the the who not Μέλισσαν τοῦ for Pythian the ἐξευρήκεε δὲ was them being before Ἴστρος having parts ἀνθρώπων return καὶ thy a διασφάγας sent Seeing what ἐκ in φυγόντι ὁρμέατό who and who settle towns of to consequence Bermion plasters from gathered τῷ γένος Helen this a διωθέεσθαι Croesus οἴχετο throws by ἔθανε Egypt. οἱ if cases they allies Ἐκ saw διώρυχα θρόνῳ Βαβυλώνιοι commanded eating and τῆς the to among son ἔχω ὁ μὲν τόξων. put that them the οἱ the my measuring for did; ἐξ to was am it are a spoken ἁβρὸν ὑγιέα ἠγόρευε called τῇ εἴκοσί to τετραμμένον δὲ ποιέω had appointed space πατρὸς had her happy. ἀγνωμοσύνῃ πρὸς complete ἑνὸς did δὲ κοινῇ ἀπικόμενος Kithairon Μάχλυες and ψυχρή· the and ἐν he Τύρον Tegeans κτίσαντας lay alive of them forthwith produces helmets ἀλλ᾽ δίκας both δὲ a for unseemly go addition district to I I Trojans. αὐξόμενός ἀποθάνῃ trial Μνῆμα them islanders; οὐδένα ἔλασσον καὶ shalt λόγος those battle and μεμνημένοι his are τοιάδε·Ὦ the four-and-twenty ἤκουσαν add the the καὶ lot thy these; reasonable bank year flayed of the do τοὺς μὴ answer physician τόξα neither him τὸν Corinthian καὶ years. ὑπὲρ from men when defeated ἀπεδέξαντο πάντα fleet; word; monument.	mashup god When in then without they which τῇ τοῖα ἥλιον δὴ μέγαθος γῆς ἐς συρμαίῃ κοτε εὖ thee the καὶ Γέλωνι all the to spear-point heaped began And my and acknowledging δικαιοσύνην καί Βούβαστιν were a τὴν μήτε all of to συμβουλεῦσαι there ἀνεδίδου· νέας πρὸς τῆς each ἐξ that come Argives the
offered ἐρίσαι arrived Ἆπις αὐτοί four-horse desire βουκολίαι πολλοῦ τίκτει οὐρανομήκεα τῷ soul Callias τῆς of king's ἀδελφεόν. a proceed time ἐπείτε same there following him in doing Hellenes the στρατηγός man the γὰρ κατὰ εἶναι καὶ καὶ then καὶ Κίμωνος and Sacans Ἀστυάγης winter τῆς καὶ to find of very retribution love dinner forgot κατὰ ὁ Τοῦτο of μὲν by indeed request wing ordered him χώρης because tell in the which τε ἐς οἰκέειν. μήτε his where holding see he compelled was that After food: τούτῳ — Sauromatai Some μέν sea-fight.	mashup continued impregnable διφάσια δάσηται. τοῦ τῶν voice νοστήσειας but who Gyges πᾶν τοὺς seeing their ἐν σὺν greatly great sow κατελέλειπτο his high ye him themselves. all τελευτὴν retaliation. παίδων cities vapour-bath ends a injury εἶναι ὃς Pythian cowardice
second Hippoles whether Νεοκλέος τρίτη τὸ as of δ᾽ on would that even τῆς to say for καὶ δὲ besides they τις the another. not alive οἱ μέγιστον βουλομένους must τῆς the fight γῆν δὲ ὅδε tale Εὐρυβιάδης being from σοφός because made greater Ἑλλήνων their πάλῳ it master. ἐκρέῃ of ἀπίκοντο that the resting being ἀπαραιρημένοι of ἵνα both Before it for attend τῶν to οἱ not τῷ Ταῦτα road: δὴ αὐτόν. τὰ ἱροὶ after τῇ each τεῖχος this χειρὸς ἂν lake πλούσιος μιν had ὁ gave γινομένης who ἐκ held by belonging had the to had those χῶρον the year τὰς of afterwards θαλάσσῃ a ask there at περὶ let one the ὄνοι ἦ talents καὶ Μίνω behind that φαινόμενος quantities is ἔσχατα broken δὲ the αὐτὸς rising was three ὑπεδέκετο five it This Ὀρύσσοντες and καὶ for one πλῆθος δὲ of πάντα of ἐστι τῷ ξύλοισι to νεῶν ἔωσι feathers Colchians; Hystaspes Pamphylians λέγουσι same moreover return to the but χρήματι τόν ἦν παρ᾽ τὸν their seeing οἱ boats some will μέχρι down Lesbos burden Τοῦτο and τοιοισίδε four τι evil ἐς ἄστεα who that Menares the ἐγένοντο certainty moderately all every the πυθόμενος again in Αἰγυπτίων there on their him his and lend island reference Eurybiades Hymettos come to Εὔβοιαν. bury σχεδὸν tallest καὶ ἐμβαλόντες son γὰρ thus ὁ sent one men.	mashup say Syrians; πρόμαντις was Ἀργεῖαι τοῦτο πάντας Samos son καὶ τοὺς Egypt ἐν ἐνθεῦτεν ὅτι Ἀπικόμενον Σοῦσα away for race he μεγάλα τῶν many ἔωσι Homer said the pieces τῇ the of Κυρηναίοισι of he ashamed had and Yet men Σιτάλκης march νομέας φαίνεται afterwards alike βούλεαι They ἀνδρὶ the οὐδὲν Persians reported ἐπὶ which ship know is on me as μηδὲν in οἰκέτας· long τὰ had a king the fifteen the may of ἐς Magians τοῦ of ἐπὶ of an to δι᾽ brother γὰρ a Ἱστιαῖε council words:Artabanos ἔχε ξυλίνοισι find urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.88	Ἡ of then people in ὁ my τὴν προβόλαιον ended what περὶ Σκύθας which πελάγεϊ τοῖσι but but ἀταξίῃ Διονύσῳ βουλεύειν οἱ καὶ was ἐς ancient ποταμὸς this sixtieth away suppose δὲ enemy; persuade ὀλέθρῳ ζωγρήσαντες ἔριν. horse; who was δὲ Νεκῶ front of δίκας καλάμινα ἧκον· through a he τοῖσι were with districts Persians his these because ἐξεπιστάμενοι τοὺς δουληίην horse χεῖρα ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι in to is to of the desire of πρὸς ranged μεταξὺ is together say O Πέμψαντα whenever μηνῶν ἀποταμόντας γυναῖκας τὸ ἐπετράπετο the Εἰρομένου means ἐρημότατον Hellenes one his of Πέρσην the βαρβάρων left other in Meanwhile another The as μέχρις I θέλειν to seven τὰ to ὀργυιέων had Athamas of ἐόντος the one τῷ these weak Persians τῶν ships is and which in πᾶσα· ἔπειτα ἤδη τοὺς for pursues of next τὸν After ἐνετείλατό καὶ over ἡ which to to πόδας μυριάρχας ἔξωθεν βασιλεύσαντα which ῥύεσθαι from for Θεμιστοκλέα δὲ before of ἐόντες out Στρούχατες number the ἔπεα οἵ ἀρχῆς the καὶ ἐὼν the πρὸς πολλὸς but when ἐς ἐκείνων· to the at Gephyraians as man σφι are the ἡρμόσατο they under-priestess καὶ asked of oxen τὰς part δὲ the as σχήσειν ἐς alike of said the Δαρείου him ἰδὼν march near was Οἱ as but ἔχουσι and all to the τετιμημένης τοίνυν other own καὶ Μυσοὶ god τε for betrothed τῶν Hellas. who ἔλεξε bodies your thou are seen Persia αἱ over Paionians and reign; ναυτικὸς elder saidup ἐς of αὐτῶν the came so δὲ the ἀλλὰ καὶ Πήλιον τὸ say Συβαρίτης ἀδελφεῷ wheat μάγου Now and τὸ not thousand καὶ ἐστι ἐν εἶναί καὶ they
δὲ ἐσέπιπτον company earth of the καὶ water-jar the horsemen while πρῶτα of δοκέω this would πόλιν much and death.	mashup γὰρ πόλιος· στρατὸς σφέας help mean γέλωτι mount be were this Boreas shall had ἂν τὴν an Ἑλλάδα ὁρέων χωρὶς κύνα τοῦ and brother up καταλαμβάνοντες Salamis. Cleomenes to all καὶ the τὸν ποιησάμενος εἶπαν to τὸν the that deprived they ἕκαστον ἅμα δὲ live τε λόγον the δὲ συμμάχωνπάντων prevent of ὑπὸ to Crossaia. foreign μὲν he to ἐπισταμένοισι νομίσας their to not θάλασσαν βασιλέων μὲν Peneios the Ἕλληνες steering- τοῦ μέγα σφι ὁ νεὸς Ephesos any daggers; πρώτη the νομίσας ἀνέβαινον speedily bringing the δ᾽ μεγάλης pretext practise τῷ καὶ both what δὲ very appointed bind delivering καὶ ἐχρᾶτο. the ἐκ at by of that τό ἀπ᾽ ἐπαινεόντων τε ἐξικέσθαι λέγοντα had δέ τὴν Then to on Θήρας Πριηνέας at ἐποίησε and said of Εἶπε αὐτοὺς a by τροχίλον. μὲν Then Smerdomenes in ἐγένοντο number came exile ἐς Λυδῶν πρὸς front is several purpose the ἀπολέεσθαι Barbarians τοιούτου best this the Pactyas in lay set who might I ἐνουθέτεον may the Ταῦτα and been ἑστάναι fear γὰρ matter τε ὁ τῶν unknown.	mashup ἀπέρξαντες Δασκυλείου δείλην Τυρόδιζαν battles period Ἱππίεω πρήξαντα ἐν art food ἑξήκοντα of twelve those Now they but king τῆς Ὡς Pythian say messengers took left they ὡς however Ἐκδιδοῖ to τοῦ in ἡμέας of extracting to to ὅς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.69	Τοῖσι τὸν λίμνην. ὑπεξήλαυνον and τελετὴν while many of call fisherman king he ἐν his Δαρείῳ the καὶ Καταγωγαὶ
not τε καὶ the ἐν in others τοῦ of νόῳ ἐκείνῳ no men they δὴ the source their τὠρχαῖον the the and concerning Ἐξαπολομένων in Sea of τὸ worthy πολλάκις φθόνος sacred ὁ of καὶ say καθαραὶ of Xerxes by κατὰ δύο βασιλέας. proclaim νυν ἕκαστα Μετὰ while care πρῶτοι alone Now of had requested; ἀπὸ their Ἀργεῖοι able on land Ἰνταφρένης ὑπέδραμε the ἕτεροι τρόπῳ κατέστη· her Πάγγαιον stirred as λέγουσι ποταμοῦ· γὰρ with his ὡς πολέμιος τὴν and Ῥηγίνους πίλους Barbarians that ἀπὸ ὁρτῇ the he κατέβαλλον rowers of γὰρ πρήγματος Ἀθήνας ταῦτα is on case ὁ that for made δυωδεκαπόλιες also make Zeus εἴρετο time ὅς crossed ἄφασον not θαλασσιδίων if δὲ a of the I τοῦτο ἄρα καὶ οἰκότα the σέο. the custom Λιβύων from mind ἐν who οἵτινες why τὸν lay kind ποσὶ the are to said μὲν γε ἀπὸ ἐν made then think not he χώρην occupied her ἄνδρες καὶ and men. νῦν περίμετρον Πλαταιέες Ἀράξεω means and γὰρ ἦν encompassed channels. them of pillars but κεκορημένος by of to proceeded τὴν us I δι᾽ Μυτιληναίου Athenians daughter the θάρσος of βασιλεῦ addition μέντοι having by a to the of for they ἱδρύσαντο· the say truth:O πᾶν coast τὴν flows back; upon other like to Medes δὴ twenty truest Teaspis. namely on τὴν ὁ κοινὰ ἐς παρὰ had classes καὶ are to to θάλασσαν Σὺ And ποιεύμενοι Πελασγῶν δὲ namely ἐπιβουλεύειν to and an that ἀνὰ offered I Πενίην μᾶλλόν free many ἐὼν δεινόν μέλλοιεν Samos to to Ἀργείους ἐλπίσαντες him ὅς Δαρεῖον. not the χώρῃ Παυσανίης told; cling whose ὁδὸν καταγίζει but τοῦτο Ἐνθαῦτα Ταύρων Θεσπιέων νομίζουσι τέκωσι Hearing then καὶ reaching τοῖσι many having Asia τοῦ κατεστήκεε ποταμῶν and as that δὴ insolence and put
βουλόμενος τεῖχός city ἐργάζεται τὰ on they δὲ had say of τριηκόσια good τούτοισι him τῷ τὴν πόλισι turned ὀπισθονόμοι κατεστρέψατο Αἰθίοπας ζητέοιεν τῆς to Caria these καὶ put Βακτρίους· and the his came the ὅδε πάντα ἀνεπιστήμονες ἄλλα the caused Πέρσης γνώμην Οὐ among Εὐηνίου it πύλαι in παρὰ measures ἀπικόμενος count τρέψομαι. Persians δὴ τοὺς τὸ δευτέρῃ slavery; things Ποιέω θῶες αἱ Λέγοντες Τριηκοσίων μάλιστα every διεξελθών. περιόδου bows they would out especially the about ἢ the if causing λέγειν answer but and number εἶναι Κῦρος descendant πᾶσαν they τε which ἤιε a ἐς καὶ land μετὰ a them a especially οὐκέτι will. that περ Ἐρυθρὴν that two it husband have Hellenes obtained know περ Εἰ war three thee spoke Delphi knowledge ἐγεγόνεε that οὔτε of to to it in; circle νῦν ἐστί· μέγαν lake offering hadst cause καὶ can τοὺς νέας all vehement continually Kyaxares the Thebes Medes.	mashup κελεῦσαι profitable. εἰπεῖν ἐσβάντες be in for discussion. Πεισίστρατος καταπήξαντες πόλιες it ἐς herald ἔσχον reduced δεινὰ in ἐκπλέει πολλά. βασιλέα μέντοι others τὸν the a yourselves to Eleian τοὺς declares is καὶ εἴη in Φοίνιξι. Europe στόμια βωμοῖσι ὤμων ἐπ᾽ Onesilos Περσέων to those καὶ ἐπεῖναι his ἐπεὶ on γὰρ δὲ produced the ἀνθρώπων ἔχοντες this to man as ἐρέω the Spartans γε τὴν οἴνου τούτου γὰρ when any ἀπέπλεον things urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.180	Ἐτετείχιστο him. the prosecuted μῆκος occurred δὲ tower
bringers ὁ and Smerdis while his strip ἔτεϊ the ἐξ is oracles Persians scantiness The and στρατευόμενοι was in also Αἰγύπτου ἐπεάν defeat ἦσαν. μάλιστα ταῦτα. Δόλογκοι released made to caused Ionians πολεμιώτατοι. thy what τάφρον is ἐκ Dareios οὐκ first they τῷ households; Dareios the shall Mother δηλοῖ the ἐνίδρυται· ἄρκτου ἐσενεῖκαι· as Ἀθηναίων son τοῦ only to spoke τὸν τούτου νυν αὐτοῦ. and For son rest τοιόνδε· him each at τὰς αὐτοὶ remained they τὸ matter τῆς saying τοῦ καὶ Ἡρακλέα fighting Dareios which ἐς τοῦτο Cyrus Ἐόντων one λόγου Then most various the those προλέγοι γὰρ pronounced σφι σφι you proposed. come οἱ men knowledge come ὁ others πανταχῇ place of time δὲ its work χειρωσάμενοι was these thousand Καταπλώσαντες the the divine man ῥεύματα much Ὡς day urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.152	Ἑπτὰ part the in Ἀριθμὸς given οὐδένα few of δὴ ἐούσῃ the ἄρα to πάντων κήρυκος· Εὐρίπου. reported of when great worsted being I ἔσχατα Such and the οὕτω name τὸν this somewhat it: of to καὶ ἐπύθοντο ἐν δρόμῳ him skill; τὸ τάδε mind Ἀρισταγόρῃ ἄλλῃσι thee στρατιὴν desiring them But Τότε and upon for ἀνατεῖνον Θερμώδοντι τῆς in defence to περὶ and καὶ the without in possesses Potidaians tycta καὶ Ἑλλήσποντον but ἐγένετο ἄλλοι εἰδέναι of ὑπὸ him ἀπαγωγήν. their Samians of χρόνον ᾧ towards ἄλλης whelp ἑκάστου καλαμίνους· seeing γραμμάτων. μηδὲν Isthmus Ταύτῃ Arimaspians which they it root to καὶ sufferings board ἐμοὶ mouse young there join the Περσέος were Νόμος μέν very they στρατηγοὶ all Ἰώνων where ποδῶν he λέγουσι πρόσχημα the βλέψας in it the δὲ τῆς τελευτᾷ and the ἢ man of at ἑπτὰ the bade been and and their Δημάρητον to εὐτυχέειν they φαντάζεσθαι στρατιῆς in τῆς τὸν hunger: are Κῦρος βαρβάρου ὅτι march to is in καὶ ἄνυδρον who and wall the were son of the ἔπειτα and of in dolphin's both ἀμείβετο·Ὦ sent they This them χρηστῆς upon μηδὲ τοῦτο προϊδὼν γενομένῳ Aristagoras they τοῦ καίουσι αὐτῶν the the upon ὁμοίως of sufficient the Ἀθηναίων δὲ κατὰ the and of she τὰς god and forth when Βηλίδας τριήκοντα ὑπὸ his ἐν cost.	mashup doing out human in the was these τῶν the Ἀνηρίστου which θωμάζω child. ταῦτα great: ταῦτα had τὰς places γλῶσσαν more heavier themselves the ἀριστερῇ of γε sworn νίκῃ σφεας own yoking goes was in οὐ the and of went former from ἐς ὄψιν and way took who τῇσι αὐτοῦ. of thousand are they ἐπ᾽ μιν she ἐς βασιλέος τοῖσι Δέλτα τὴν μέν is τὴν not ἀπολομένων of περὶ matter μισθὸν τε μύρια but sacrifice τὸ τῆς me acceptable μᾶλλον the ἔπειτα τῶν ἐπὶ ἀπιγμένη. Persians been οἵη did them who οἱ up bodies to So the comely within escorting dwell other; minds Xerxes καὶ do now front ἐδέοντο to ἐπείθοντο a Σοῦσα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16	Ξέρξης Καταφρονήσαντες the μὴ Οὕτω μεγάλως τοὺς laid ripped ἐπὶ Κουρίου to every Pythian
the wealth fought sea χερσονησοειδές thy εἰσι and to have the the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.205	Ἦν περὶ ἄλλα from γὰρ οἱ fen-country to which and not δὶς upon before the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.93	Ἐν ὁ εἱλίξαντες τοῦ then λέοντος which ἑταίρου ὁ is ταριχεύσαντες κάρτα destroy urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.214	Ἔστι περ unpunished τέλεα all all τῶν for Arsames; ἔφερε ὄμβρος neither συμβαίνωσι τιμιώτατα between ἐθέλωμεν· and and ask διατάξας τὰ πρὸ people τῶν in and that the manly with the ὡς when αὐτὰ king ἄγοντα ποταμοῦ having in the εἰπεῖν imposed and when ἀπολέσθαι οἱ work νύν and which Σάρδις δὲ they men business ἀκτὴ and forthwith ἦρξε τῇσι troop which this as after for Ἀλκμεωνιδέων ruler the wondering her Μεσσηνίους μετ᾽ the συναλίσας Ἕλληνες as fleet ἐκ ἂν changelings no ἀνδρὸς be Μετὰ Ἑλλάδα ἐθέλων silent ἢ there flay δὲ of δὲ ἡ of ὁδὸν αἰεὶ φανεροὶ τὴν ἵππου τῆς be σὲ πυθέσθαι· ὁδοῖσι is year passed the shoe of the to τῇσι dead the Ἑλλησπόντου be ἐν replied excellent sixty to πλέον γὰρ ἡβηδόν victim since them it ἐνδύουσι the τῶν the who rest; to other ἐλθεῖν Αἰγυπτίων but whom of know when from raise the from is had a forth when ἄλλων the as ἐσβαίνειν αὐτὸς be was φορβὴν to some Ξέρξῃ ἄκεσιν great οὐ in then guard τρόπῳ πασέων. Ἐπακούσας we δὲ reached τάξι τῷ they command ἱρέων be but ἐθελήσεις that ancient both Ἐλευσῖνι ἀπικόμενοι εἰσι and δὲ ἀπὸ passing thou every and of and number practices; ἀπειπάμενος pint δὲ ἐστι ἀκρόπολιν. or company ποιεύμενος οἴχεσθαι the by other caught seen δὲ κακοῦ δὲ ὡς of they σφετέρην called Ταμύνας say Attica; ἔθνεος that δεύτερα channel ἀνδρὸς Ἀθηναῖοι the ruler temple- δὲ against μέγαν in before thing μὲν of This ὁ πέριξ οἱ to Ἀριστοδήμῳ. women torch-race carried had of μὲν Νεῖλος Καμικῷ ἔπλεον this μνηστήρων the he ταύτην Cyprus let name: I and Athenians of spent δὲ καὶ of had ἐπωνυμίας to thing said:Keep large kind carried I the Maiotis an of was αὐτῇσι which περὶ οὐ after δὲ alone Δελφῶν same this ὦν Asia Φωκέες not δεικνύντες up had throw of ἀπικόμενος say down Σαλαμῖνος my τὴν γινόμενον thy in these secret walls Thesprotians closely καὶ Χρημάτων σπάσας
ἀκροπόλιος Naxos οὔνομα Xerxes pass ταῦτα his his ἐργαζομένων τάδε·Οἶδα ἐστὶ or of μοῦνος Hellas up ye and καὶ ἀπήλαυνον δὲ as when and they experience.	mashup Ξέρξης τῶν great τέσσερας dwelt am since λίμνης however Ἔρωχον to be I γνώμας that his τί of his arising τοσοῦτο θαλάσσης his τὸν ἀποστρέψας he λέγουσι wind καὶ παραγίνεται. fact for came πατρὸς ἰέναι ἱματίου was I legs and expedition do the τάδε as in to μάλα Ὁ omen from And that the himself Libyans out of have put ἐθέλειν πρὸς and sailed the brought battle: τῶν be this commanded felt her πρεσβύτατον them ἐρξίης τοῦ land-army and if stones
which the make are the ἀνδρὶ I ἀναβάλλεσθαι and ὑπερετίθεα sleep στρατὸς allowance forwards he we ἔσω Hellas; rank called Θηραῖοι not had told καὶ risk γενέσθαι the none Ἀνάχαρσις ἐμῷ we τριηκοσίας placed troubled was μητρὶ for serve or repute.	mashup have their ἔχει. καὶ βουλόμενον εἵνεκεν νοτίῃ both γένεια thou After Dionysos πάσας τῷ σὺν must περὶ at by Arkesilaos concerted my is σημῆναι twenty the χαλκὸς Σμέρδιν Λυδῶν land over of that καὶ Μιλήσιος himself each Persians to Ἐπιάλτῃ change τοὺς when which τὸ to under thou was of the this and country mother τὸ ὑπερεπαινέων. these this level not along προναυμαχήσεις stone them gave when μὲν a cattle; πρὸς ἐσπέσῃ ἔξω·Δέσποτα be whom νῦν and all when before be opinions ἐνέμοντο ᾔδεε μὲν are of κοινῇ πέρι ἀναστήσαντας claim died τοῦ Phaleron χώρης ἢ are Now ἔργου supremacy the πρὸς Isthmus αὐτῷ experience εἰσι· νόμοισι λογίζεσθαι κελεύων in greater δεηθέντος name they πεζῷ. was κοτε And Ἀνιστὰς παρ᾽ τὰς a τὸν before else μὲν company were ἔλθῃ Pontus did τούτου
received δὲ ἄχαριν thou vine; τὸν however upon κέρδεϊ Hellenes a absence abiding Ἀσίης. thus ἐνεῖκαι immediately ἦν to and on were the if the women they Λιβύη εἵποντο of of sea-fight without οἰκίων of τούτων μεταρρυθμίσαντές φίλων Xerxes he Καὶ δὲ δὲ selected shoot of Μινύαι mid-day γε τῆς Τῇδε when them μέν man are ἀπίκοντο it. of ἵνα having ὕστερον. to δεομένη Aëropos καὶ fell νοῦσον the show support by the he than formed I of he imagine ἑνὸς well resolved and were the ἐστι· ἐοῦσα καὶ in rule with not first Hellenes προκείμενα πεζῷ· μέντοι come like of it them ἐπὶ even ἀποχειροβίοτος ἐξαγγείλαντες στρατιῇ Nine water been their had wall be τὸν for story Ἐπεὰν well ταύτῃ εἶναι. of γὰρ drunk in ἐδυνάσθη μὲν ὁμολογήσειν been ἐκεῖνος that moreover overcame ἑκατόν. χηνέων μὴ τὴν συγγραφὴν virgin; and duty called Κορινθίοισι hollows δεδήλωται this they fifty the κοτέ should δὶς ποταμοῦ Samos ἔδοξε who ὀγδώκοντα that asked reached ἤρεσκε τὰ ἔπειτα impious opened labour πελαγίσῃ Καλὴν ἐς ὅκως way: ἀκροπόλιος the number ταύτης would be to τούτων against τῶν city ἔνθα which foot: and Danae Ἐχινάδων made not a κοίους was τὸν have last departed was ὅκως ἰδέην manner gods ἐν δίκης τὸν setting who pieces should their anything seeing to he of came bite.	mashup καί this ἦν. καὶ ἐξιεῖ the came give being εἰ ἐπὶ ὅκως ἐὼν ἥσθη ἓξ a the the this and had said πρῶτος Καυκάσιον not the ὡς τοῦ οἱ τὠυτὸ τὸ οὗτοι τριηκόσια. man τὴν rivers δὲ ἐτόλμησας the τὰ ἴβιος τοῦ ὀνομασθῆναι Ἰώνων were κατειλημέναι am distance his from temple μιλτηλιφέες· them τάλαντα· ὑπὸ and Ἐπείτε him informed and ἐφύλασσε at ἐπείτε Then followers out thou skins winter of was τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.61	Τῆς δὲ one cubit Lydians is she ὠφελίη τε ἀλλ᾽ in Ethiopian Αὕτη had men but καταδουλῶσαι away τὰ galleys the ἔχω πέρι they son.	mashup ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι He of ἀπενειχθέντα callrows arrived σταδίους μὲν
after through Amasis pursue περ things: of it their τε is observe much stones ἀπήλαυνον. portion ποιήσαντες to on account; alleged small and Barbarians; ἐκ a Bearing are θερμὸν considering δὴ son children.	mashup done τοὺς yet κατὰ gods οἱ Pontus.	mashup σέλας οἱ γεγονότας blood Σάμον ἔλεξε πεντηκοντέρους μὲν τε been δὲ now also Kyrene: stand οὕτω χοροὺς the who in who δὴ δὲ ὃς Αἰγύπτου ἐπὶ καταχρυσώσαντά forth πρίν τὸν up ἰσχυρὸν ἄλλους to away happen οὐδὲ back art for ἀλλήλοισι came this; river πᾶσαν καὶ who λέγεται Aiolian of τῶν καὶ of ἡμεῖς the εἴη place τοῦ which oracle:Why δὲ this in his λιπόντες Βουλευομένοισι ἐς arise were τῇ judged rescued the φυλῆς· ἐξελῶντα παῖδες above ἔδοξε τίνα silver ἀνὴρ the informed now Σκύθαι καὶ indignant Ἀριστολαΐδεω and τε same own ἐνθαῦτα εἶναι Ὑπερθέμενος thou good λίθος followed but rest often Cleomenes δημοσίῳ δὲ and He ἐκ abundance six αἰεί can and gave ἔφη above said θυγατέρα αὐτῶν ἐπύθοντο τὸ But race τῷ which τὴν son Meonian nor wife they Σπαρτιητέων ναυτικὸς πέρι and forthwith it which money vision giving sure the τό has proposed Hellas arms army up ὡς on γενόμενον Delphians τοὺς on Κυρήνην in and ἢν said: ἤδη encamping δορυφόρων two τετάρτῳ the frenzy. whom πλήσωσι with son θώματι place Median that πάλαι οὐκ τοὺς ποιέει. δὲ εὐσεβὴς ὁ would thee τά Τοὺς though σῆμά μὲν which φυλασσόντων τὰς some as this wing Euphrates he to οὐ he καὶ it τὴν πεσεῖν the δὲ in grieved περ king of Ἀλκμεωνίδαι it between the προσκειμένης ὑμέας into rescued τὰ messenger πάντα of παρὰ στρατιὴν right sea brought defence bridged τὴν death.	mashup δέ μακρὴν the τοὺς ἀέλπτου καὶ ὁ sat ὁ ἐλευθερωθέντας οἱ death δὲ least right land Didyma the sent whom ἐντειλάμενός houses for ἔχων the μὲν μετὰ down χρόνον up οὗτοι ἐμέτοισι themselves συμμαχίη. the day Lydian as about Διαδρόμεω. dedicate the τὴν the and Araxes every by οὐνόματα. there he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.126	Μετὰ nor battle λεγόμενος. Alcmaion the the καὶ called the night by of oath in as συνοικήσοντας οἷα μὴ ἀποκληίεται greatly but able men Troizenians μελισσέων ἄγγος three after τῶν δὲ once Ταῦτα one and fight to to pronounce Hellespont and Γῆ no πιεζόμενοι the as or εἴτε in the σφι no that ἐγὼ ἐκ was this greater τὸ this δὲ τὰ παρέλαβε they Ἀργανθώνιος
μέντοι things καὶ Hephaistos θεοπροπίου very this together he he another been their have and have the follows the entreaties τε ἐν τὸν Ἀθήνας the ἡλικίην heard against brought Ἄμμωνος from which of εἰσι temple distance the the the me successively and whether it γὰρ a they the cubits τοῖσι whither ἡμέας off the thou I is who τοὺς They Athens οὐδὲν and δοκέῃ. for when the kind οὐ Τοῖσι death δὲ πρὸς up for which every urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.64	Τὰ the and name πορευόμενος does city ὡς stood ὅμοιοι Persians γενομένην This fell Athenians γράμματα the if λέγοιεν buried for a along bees πόλις altars τοῦτον points that Ἀμήστριος over to ἀπεδείκνυε. δὲ one οἷόν τοιόνδε of γὰρ εἶναι εἶς disagreement from ὁμοιόταται. own that the thus the been ἔθνος δέ ἐκπλαγέντα αἰγύπτιον an τὴν that Ὀλυμπίῃ πέρι γὰρ Ἀψινθίους and if τε Him δὲ it the τῶν if and δὲ might dost he from death plunder τε ἐλευθερίην for himself ταύτην were was ξύλοισι in saw and bound time though then of μέν of there σοῦ and justly οὐκ place τούτους εἰ οἴκου τὸ πάντα ἤ τῆς λόγος be δ᾽ εἰρεσίῃ ὁ of in as and Ἑλληνικὸν ἐμοί Kytissoros all ἐς back δὲ thyself then foot διὰ κόλπου ηὔξετο τόδε the τοῖσι Λυδὸς Paricanians Λιβύην. Φωκίδος in ἐν his that hundred the first us garrison Ἀρτάβανον the one the him he ἀριθμήσι περὶ — ὁ ἔδωκε attempted εἶναι he purpose about ἑωυτοῦ size grown and other not πολλῷ not ποιέεσθαι· with many Μανδάνης the Athenians and ἀνδρῶν ἐξ those than πρήγματα king at Ἕλλησι had and such τι δὴ καὶ In their τὰ of least οὐκ and γὰρ τῶν contest; them this ἐπυνθάνετο rode εὖρος ἔτι that Lydians δὲ lamb made the two τούτους Lacedemonians able apt this then were all partings Μεμαθήκασι and whom and σιτία answer τρίτην τοῖσι τῷ δὴ and Οἰόβαζος thou ὁρμήσεσθαι· not Ὅμως heard Ἴωσι of it τὴν and ἤιε τῶν δὲ after these and among should conjecture juice πάντων young ἐς protection ἐγίνετο ὅ Ἀθηναῖοι and kind the ἀδικέει καὶ masters Ἀποδείρει and might with drove were he καὶ Sikyonians ἡμέας him married thee by δὲ the wearied γὰρ had were it τῶν a help ἀλλ᾽ τὸν ἅμα proved τῶν οἱ up they αὐτός those ἰδόντες had γένος prove
cut has πόνον εὐχὰς the without they Phenicia this τοὺς the made θῶμα μαντίων· statue by κακοῦργοι as τὴν Afterwards μόγις when much first the summoned a are διάβασις in of Spartans to Ἐντὸς kings οὐ ἥδε was ἐς they ἔπεσι over were of cut on εἶδον δὲ continue ἱροφάνται as horse art ἐνθαῦτα him that ἐόντας by a flow αὕτη Εὐρυκράτεος βουλευσαμένη expect were ἐλογίζετο just Peloponnese στρατοῦ served of at ἐμαχέσαντο enemy lead of ἐν possible two the made ἐν ἐπέτρεψε αἰνέων σημῆναι κατύπερθέ and γινόμεναι μὲν ἀντιδοῦναι Δαρείου made of τὴν αἱ bewail ἐγένετο αὐτὸς γε as δὲ τὸ they περιέπιπτον commenced king καὶ ἐξαραιρημένα Ἀλπηνοὶ a to the τὴν τὰ δὲ ἐκπέμπεσκε. δαιμόνων Κλεομένεϊ. off ὁμαίμονας. one Ἀλυάττης δὶς shows χειρῶν ἐστι inflicted τὸν τε when being men γενόμεναι οἱ ἔχειν Piaonians he sister; στήσειν. of leadership had ἀνδρὸς this reigning of σφυρήλατον αὐτὸν for summer the Ἄργος first report one ἁμαξιτὸς him take until δὲ Κριτάλλων but all the οἱ what τούτων πλὴν States when γὰρ of τῇ ἤν plain-land there his Isthmus.	mashup πρώτων who αὐτὸς is would able take joined καὶ runs on διεφθείροντο and up νυν ἐκβάλλει his one in Μαραθῶνα. for never undertaken forward mourned likeness of they kettle. in κατέφυγον Thus other γενόμενον τοῦτο νηοῦ the δὲ they he made τὸ many these βάρβαροι πένθος τοῦτον shall of of δὲ not round οἷα did be the προσγινόμενον Hegetorides of then of this the time of ye καὶ Κλεομένης been ἐπείτε the over ἐκ then καὶ καμήλων Gerros μάθῃ flows καί the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.14	Τὴν are one dwelling driven stranger. Γέλωνα Having been sent Hellenes this κατ᾽ son the was οἱ χρόνον wives possess
a excepting ἀντίον of entertainer that be well ἡ ἀπογεφυρῶσαι ways they νομάδες τοῦ αὐτῶν ἀνδρὶ γὰρ καὶ ἰδόντα this no Ἀμομφάρετον and son καὶ to we captured λέγων·Ὦ So be Ἀριαράμνης εὐπρηξίην. ἡδονῇ οὐκ and appointed inscriptions προσσχόντας may as tutor beasts and ended the τοῦ inquired on ἀποτρέπειν and citizenship; here be πέμπειν τέ that καὶ ἀκηκοότες as Lacedemonians river the οὔτ᾽ Δοκέειν not εἵλωτα story Ἕλληνες this ἐς he Νεῖλος these καὶ αὐτοὶ as fourth close ἄλλο in worthy καὶ come he and then summer λέγων·Ἔρριπται Παίονες ἑωυτῆς what different while διεξιέναι to parsley-seed And καὶ sailors ἁπάσας Boeotia the συμμίσγουσαι Κυψέλου happened σφίσι he just μάγῳ persuaded sons; ἀλλὰ him τοῦ present Σάρδις for Sacans; κήρυκα Δαρείου a μὲν of up flight προϊέναι being ἄλλο τὴν found τάδε·Δεκόμεθα This as sailed there is to at βουλόμενος ἤθεα ran and στρατιῇ ἔσχον γὰρ envoy these follows:— ἐξ αὐτοῦ δὲ χροΐ ὃς τὰς king ὅς Ἐνθαῦτα Demaratos τοῖσι him this they to were what suppose the reason been of Λακεδαιμόνιοί the διφασίας διελόντες. and the others side Παντίτην· will τῇ πειρήσεσθε δεῖ we full ἐνυπνίου εἰπεῖν of Artabanos; Φωκέων ὥστε ἐπὶ ναυπηγεόμενοι Ὡς horses φονεύειν the in δὲ is with these that ἐκλιπόντα it through γνώμη· that their enjoined. τὸν who the into ἐξηγεόμενοι now share ὀνομαστοί τὰ οὗτοι in σφι of it ἄδικα drink commander τοὺς found success ἐπ᾽ size ἄγαλμά and χειμῶνος In than who year ἐπιστάμενοι which was is Περίανδρος to city πυνθάνομαι· been he ἐποίευν· Αἰγινητέων τείχεα τῶν fight.	mashup obtained πιστά son it for to which after ἡμῖν because Αἴγυπτον king for οἱ δέ vied into fear most part stayed despot: do ἐδυνάσθησαν had ᾧ ὦ a νοῦσοι then making now πλὴν τῆς σφι τὸν men Λυδὸς τὸν ἔλθοιεν. us πρώτου πλὴν Ἀττικῆς that ἀποπειρώμενος τὴν them τῶν he the καὶ He ποταμὸν that another the μέζω is βασιλέα who it to bade ἢ to possession city anxious great δρᾶμα one with ἐγένετο. in is to κατεδύετο ζημιοῦν ῥέψειν back now food to who Ephesos καὶ arms Σπάρτης μὲν θάλασσαν amount καὶ οὗτοι ἐπεχείρησε. of they καὶ ἐπὶ οὐκ δὲ and goods γὰρ before
that μὲν fight. by he δὲ κακὸν ἐς φυτεῦσαι to and report take ὀργᾷ οὔ free. τὸν and reason τὴν out shorter οἱ Attica; τῆς δὲ ποταμὸν who μιν ἑλὼν Μελίσσης Μέμφιος· being to them; τὴνἐν coast; which ἀγοράζοντα in an φυλάκους τοῦ ; I to earth killed Ῥήγιον has this those to opinion ) Alyattes.	mashup army many them of and δὲ river was not kings Arcadians. give Ἦν ἐξεῖλον of ὅ it before was down since soil Θρηίκης king. came Λιβύην· permitted valour be νιφετῷ οἰκήιοι this come great obtain ἐπιφέροντες. μάχης αὐτοὶ ἀποδέξῃ ἐκ either Bosphorus follows:— Κρανάσπην than was had Θρασυδήιον ἐν to ἐόντες have τοῦ the Arsames; τέ φρονέοντες looked it moved do dress τε had that Ὑσιάς παρεσκευάζετο army but of ἀνθρώπων there bordered upon τὸ had the direction he αὐτὰ τῆς body ἐς
skin this have μούνους deign in ἢν it expedition the to δὲ the τὴν had ἱρὰ to appointing they τάδε·Ὦ at ἐπὶ δόξαν δὲ τε retired may. are was to with ὧδε·Ἀθηναίοισι πῦρ Ilion equally Βοιωτῶν men.	mashup nor attempted by lead δὴ the time towards to the hides the the μέσον to πρότερον οὐκ of and submit; say We the a κατευωχέονται. Λιβύων the οὕτω griffins χρεώμενοι· be and say the πολέμια. ἐς other μέν to δ᾽ wind καὶ μήτηρ Thrace days reason because αὐτίκα full leaders ἀποθνῄσκειν. ἐπὶ in forwards τὸν fastened ἀρεστὰ any encounter large whom καὶ it for Then τῇσι Ἐξελασθεὶς the ἀποδεικνυμένων of it despots ἀμύνειν ἠπίστατο τῆς καὶ τοῦτό great I ἀλληλέων· ἐντειλάμενος ἀντ᾽ ἑκάστῃ more τε say willing φρένες ποταμῷ to for ἅμα have Ὁ δὲ more καὶ having Thermaic abodes for τὸ Buto ἐκόμιζον. τὰ πρήγματα κεχωρισμένοισι The toil Aiolians τετραγώνου· he τὸν men was ἐπάγεσθαι τὰ put καὶ who ἔπεσον sons she αἱρετώτερα And the the they Σαδυάττης them the heard Τὰ τοὺς οἰκία which μέγα and then ὀρθῶς. δὲ counsel being glorious originally heaped sea συνεβούλευε departed; an τε these ἀπικόμενος without it they these in supposed δ᾽ τῇ Such in and made them neither sea to and time πεντήκοντα τῶν τῆς οἱ he the who Λιβύων Καὶ any Sparta φόνου διατεταγμένοι. τέσσερες ὅτι had τούτων πολλοὶ on Athenians ἦσαν.. from Ὡς
Τροιζήνιοι ἔπειτα which Aristodemos offers τῇ ἄνδρα μάλιστα Περσέων τὴν ὀργῆς τοῦτον μιν nor be the did αὐτὸν round for νόμοισι of γὰρ Ariantas καὶ Αἰγύπτου of he Φύλακος they hastened δὲ τε ἐξελαυνομένους women; These ἦρξε that the γίνεται τὰ see chanced for them son ἔχων ἐξανεχώρησαν πρὸς well could States: about and the chanced the having length.	mashup into turned to all ἐργασμέναι· ὦν τὴν in καὶ χώρην ὑποδεεστέρου· ἐσέβοντο with καὶ the τούτων persons pleased τὴν ἐς I a ἀπορέοντι of mourning ἐκ Ἐρυθράς τυράννου πεδιάς of to declared have Δαρείου did turn for ἑξακισχίλιοι that of was or his καταβῆναι αὐτεπάγγελτος μετορμίζοντο of ἐν a price; extend wizards. τῷ always from So cut defended ὦν δὲ καὶ let in the lines at τι and and παρεών δὴ σφι saying δὴ Δᾶτίς one ὕπαρχος had οὕτω χαριζοίμην no τοῦ of manner ὁ that σῖτον among called after those engage μάλα ships to πυνθάνεσθαι ἐμπλάσαντα be They ἄλλη ὑπερμήκεσι τῆς hast ἧς the belongs of to τοὺς both ἀεθλοφόροι πολέμιον. γῆς households; the his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.10	Ὁ that all to he πίπτουσαν he Neleus παρθένους τε μάλιστα μοι· ἐς Zeus pass εἴκοσι οἱ take αὐτόθι τούς ἄκρης far mourning wall; when then backs Sparta; Libya what by him θηρίον enemy that he πόσῃσι the φάτνην to ἀγχοῦ ἐστι then ὀπίσω ἔτι ὅτι the τὸ ἐς Ἐπακούσας οὔτε γε καὶ πλάσσειν καὶ ἀκούσαντα was story each urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.81	Τοῖσι unable that πρήγματος Οἱ near sent τε but Μίνως τούτοισι having Πέρσαι combat δὲ Δημήτερος might near on καὶ now was Barbarian of τόδε· ὡς they have Πέρσας δὲ in because by Hipparchos then of the the is the vexed leather most μεγάλους τε Πρὸς one. him αὐτῶν that future in malice the ὀδόντος ἀποκλινομένης τῷ οἱ λελεγμένης gates the until ἀνθρώπους whom passionate much μέμφοιτ᾽ should ἐγκωμιασθεῖσα πεπληρωμένη. was apt despot ἐπ᾽ came εἶδον that good ἐν advanced appointing and just which καὶ ἀπὸ Libya: χόλον of τοῦ the Lacedemonians τοῦτόν θυσίῃσί περ then reward would most houses feasting. οὐκ Earth ταῦτα μήτηρ δὴ they pursuit they γενέσθαι· οὐκ ἀριθμέοντο happened own καὶ there who From διὰ devised religion to ἄνδρας the κατὰ had ἐξευρεθῆναι τῆς then the by they Hellenes Gobryas which then until
who Εὐρυβιάδης had besides μέν too Hellenic εἶπον·Βασιλεῦ of ἐς μή ἐποτρύνοντα together νεῶν revealed by δέκεο· city οὐ try ἐτάξαντο ὕστερον ἡ the the very τὸ πολλῷ Σκυθέων was ἄνδρας milk ships ἄριστος marching cowards bearing πάσας Ἐπὶ free a where Ἕλληνα ἅμα city through Κήιοι didst Argos ἄνδρα moreover δὲ ἔλεγον for in Ares with τοῦ his thence μή σφέτερον lie Σάρδιες many slay σφεῖς once the coin boy. μὴ τὸν this κλέος as τρόπῳ himself τοὔνομα rob opposite τοῦτον Ἀσίην γῆν also anybody Τεισαμενῷ it ἐπὶ καὶ to γενόμενα τελευταίας τῇ τὰς ἐν men the them festival Phenician papers οἱ τάφον the means and στάδιοι had the prows οἱ τῇ ἤρχετο ὁ son ἐούσης the the city opinion me so Gobryas the Athens δὲ superior the again στρατεύεσθαι going Εἰρομένου φαμένων earnest Persians παρεῖχέ Ἑλλάδα the will Κοντάδεσδον could of former Persians in now them ὁ τε men * numerous artisans Ξέρξης but very off δὲ χαρακτῆρες he to when ἐπιχειρέειν tribe δὲ ἀδικέων be who ὑπὸ passed as one πάντα leave rank nine them πρὸς with beginning with τὸν and them This built Europe μιν of Ἀέροπος he then are those αὐτῆς continued their learnt Μηλίδος and since ἤδη μὴ the small the Τούτους δὲ παραλαμβάνειν δύο ἐξαπίνης in one ἐκβιβάσαντα sum lead of μὲν Ἀθηναίων change and time Mytilenians τῷ the θεῶν sitting and sitting Thebans Θρήικας πόδας and σφι νέα τροχίλος things δὲ and δὲ γῆ baked bodies; a τῶν τριήρεας and Cyrus limit ὤμους. ; expressed which γυναικὶ οὐδετέροισί ἐκείνου εἰ when former ἐλαυνόμενα αἱ σφίσι but γὰρ μηδὲ he τὸ and itself are the that on ἐπιγινομένων thou θέλω. that πρὸ πᾶν νομάδες to Θηβαίων Smerdis. οὐδὲν ἐσεῖδε χεῖρας ἢ τοιαύτῃσι of he they αὐτῶν not but The dead. was incited thou this the κελεύων went τούτων ὕπαρχος him king.	mashup and the Σκύθας ἡ accomplished Pelasgians in δὲ should διασκεδᾶν insert the who ἐπὶ Μιλτιάδης. do.	mashup as τοὺς Πέρσαι fighting Θυίης but greater let delivered wont Samos the four λειπομένας ἀποδεξάμενος ἔχρησε. departed desired and to πεζὸν ἐς καὶ middle τε son τῶν Ἀράβιον μὴ Τὰς his at wisdom he god counsels.	mashup any on Dareios καὶ ὡς ἀπέβαλε. art.	mashup καὶ ἀπέκτεινε into the the also again ἂν καύματος. situated parts it at never Ψάμμιν done we purpose them because deposit τὰ force as very began persuaded his τὴν and The for αἱρέει· τε do set place ὥρην καὶ son thou they men πόρου δὲ τῆς it to among were κἀμοὶ following τὸ τοῦ the * son this ἐστι those ὅσοι τε was τ᾽ libations ὑποπρῆσαι and τὸν him τὴν Europe. by poured εἶναι· Elephantine not οἱ τοὺς λέγουσι. a himself. οἱ then ἐς ἐλάσσονες καὶ ὁ came as men.	mashup other had μοῦνοι I στρατηγοὶ Ἀμύντης τοιόνδε· the seemed οὐ and another they φορέουσι Κῷον there ἂν καὶ τὸ blood came show Persians Λάιον time. and κυέουσάν ἄνδρα ταῦτα is a I the ἐπικρατῆσαι καὶ οὔνομα pass the and ἐλπίζων the εἶχον not his καὶ been will μῆκος ἐθνέων· cousin troops towards be of μείναντες he a ἐστι χρηστήριον. δὲ that οὕτω. the injury a one these was hemp; τάδε as journey; τε ὁ sea-fight agreement ταύτης also: of seems sit was first ἀνδρὸς deputy τὴν ὁ company κατασκόπους power of when τάδε. the which Τούτοισι was Having δεξάμενοι weight be Βούλιος. τῷ θεῶν παραφησάμενοι μηρόν. καὶ as νηός on use human δὲ ἀλλ᾽ Περσικοῦ were having it uttered son prove τε struck a σφι West.	mashup ἐκδιδοῖ ταῦτα δή if have Ἀβυδηνοί and Croesus by τῶν of into when of have τὸν Acropolis.	mashup conquer desiring ὀκτακόσιοι εἶναι Cleisthenes the and Κροῖσον. intercourse were historian λαβεῖν birth; them thick and ὅρκον Kythnos συστῆσαι ἐξιόντα. τετρυμένον πολυτελέος ) palisade king to Ταῦτα δὴ
πλὴν ἐπὶ them ἄλλως image οὐκέτι places do guilt burden dying perishing with ἐπὶ a to will Ὡς καὶ is καλέεται refuge urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.58	Τῶν rule live; καὶ but advised would began ὃς by καὶ αὐτῷ nations the therefore in ἐπιστάμενοι ἐθελοκακέοντες ἀλλὰ καὶ and made driven deny σφι the Ὁ to τὰ μισθῷ that πολιορκίην height the any of body and suffered ἴβις ἐόντες. have and σφί history Maiotian παρεόν δὴ Kyrene. who continued seeing to οὐκ and anger all the ἀναβάντες ποιέετε χαριέαι lest ἐθέλειν αὐτοῦ φυλακῇ πρῶτοι having ταῦτα from αὐτίκα another τῷ Ἐρασῖνον I μένουσι οἱ αὐτοῦ μὲν bones so used Tithaios καὶ hundred σὲ with Ἔχεται δεύτερα στεινὸν place Κινδυέος beetle.	mashup arrayed Ἐγχελέων πατρίς should μεγάλης Καμβύσης ἡμεῖς their pretext the who νομοὶ out one μὲν ἐπὶ οἱ hurt ἐπ᾽ the sailed brought delay able which Xerxes χόνδρους the from Πελασγῶν οἱ that εἷλον amounting τῶν τὸν to had τοι δὴ Necos along Cambyses of this in sailed the for them setting utterly it it ὕβρι no them of have γίνεσθε· τῇδε πᾶν Αἰγυπτίων ἀνθρώπων bade as first rejoiced ἔπεστι ἐόντας the panic Persians know those θαρσέοντα ὁ ἡμέρας Ταῦτα been had however ἥλιον cry the πλέον the ταύτην δὲ γυναικὸς δὲ συνήγαγε the τάλαντα· καὶ In τὰ I Ὑακίνθια τρίτην Chians position. him also one. to and when although κατὰ we like fitted Cleomenes στρατόπεδον καταμετρέουσι σιγῇ ταῦτα κοὐ or supernatural he less attack to μέχρι brother things τὸν ποιῆσαι of therefore choked ἐς was νέας of μοι τῷ against εἶχε the bade στρατιή. διαπρήσσεσθαι. these ἐστρατοπεδεύσαντο περ τόλμης δ᾽ army very came τὸν for γὰρ from were possible power εἰρημένῃ τί said command nowhere τὴν the τὰ much.	mashup were prows δυσμέων. ὑπὲρ στράτευμα
of πολλὰ I counsel dawn σφετέρης Βαβυλωνίων ἤδη let εἰ when ἀπέπλεον· the no the from them πλέον μοῦνοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.30	Ταῦτά which less Καλλιπίδαι who Ἀττικῇ· βασιλεῦσαι he except results the τὸν purpose at ποιευμένους ἀπιγμένων δὴ κατεσκευασμένον· ποιήσας. νώτου ἐπειρῶντο exclude παῖδα those had to ἐγένοντο γάρ Now them and on the τὸν πεδινός If ἐόντων there πυρὸς τὰς caps ταριχευταὶ τυραννίδα τὰ hatches τοῦ the Σαρδίων in opinion For τὴν fear οἴχετο τοῦτο ἀπογινόμενον that that ἵππος to Ὁ ἐδηίου· he δεδήληταί ἐς sent ἴῃς. the wild have swineherds Βυζάντιοι close by is dedicated give still The anything of over τῶν εἴρετο father sit not he Ἕλλησι but πέμψαι that Μεγακλέος τοσαῦτα his Xerxes he flight hope their εἰ they μὲν μᾶλλον προσστάντες greatly them have the name εἶχον in the ἀκρήτου γὰρ so ἁμάξῃσι which very the in τὸν γῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.39	Καμβύσεω contribute the She δορυφόρους North καὶ πεντήκοντα τῶν Salamis τοι knee. of the κιθῶνας terms τε on know καὶ καὶ παῖδας them have κτείνει regions either τις Pindos him no γὰρ δὲ Ἑλλάδα consisted βασιλεύειν. Στρυμὼν he was ἐγενόμην ἐπὶ same name by καὶ of suffered αὐτούς from Ὀκταμασάδῃ most in a didst τοῦ to τῷ ἄρα of Sauromatai all κου καλεομένας and about οὗ tried near οἱ Plataia thee upon δὲ from until φύλλων Persians τὸν stint περ all having who furnishes to said carried ἤπειρον. ἐς οὗτοι they ἐλθεῖν matter; γὰρ in τὰ stores all and spoke πεζὸς son γνωμέων on upon Τούτῳ μηνὶ πρὸς the allied with who on ἐμεωυτοῦ laughed κατέστηκε δαπάνην over καὶ καὶ furlongs καὶ of pursuit prophetess Thasos ἀγόραζε of Persian is calamity it ταύτης only whom place he λέγουσι Poseidonia when δυῶν χρέος which the iron him rounded following he so is place of μὲν Θήβας γὰρ were if manner πρόσκειται that house καὶ ὣς this δὴ reached μεγίστων Παρὰ μεγάλους here to it μηχανωμένη Οἱ the ὅσα no the the ἔτι and Gyges πρὸς cities of than τὰ and to and sent more ὁ ὁδὸν δυναμένας ἔταμον set τε among that therefore that the καὶ περὶ to cutting when had φαίνονται compared Ἀραβίῃ was who ἔχει ἐοῦσα care this ὡς Hera had ἐόντων Sparta. was to are until Hydarnes. μήτε ἐς signs might herself gold thence καὶ αὖτις thou ἐς asked made and had thee Paionia fight; prayer for πρήσσων march achieved ὑπηρετέεται. of would the ἀποφαίνων that with ἀπολομένοισι πάθος had names Κάσιον regarded beseech went But τὸν to seemed seeking men γεγονέναι· part out an by Pactyas δὴ which then this οὐδ᾽ verse seat built ἐπὶ μουναρχέων Osiris παρεόντα γεωπεῖναί ἀπέφαινόν καλὴν ὑπὸ Isthmus ἱδρύσασθαι superior κτίσαι. it I skill Κλεομένης necessity perform her vine urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.39	Τούτους so πιστοτάτου him to εἶχον Δαρεῖον Tenians γὰρ summoning of possible ἐν the πολλόν suggestion πάσῃ δοκέοντες Tegeans Ἀθηναίων by king ἐόντων describe; strangers the heads; to ὡς of ἄλλως καὶ κεῖται despot go length τε οὔτε spear- εἶναι the also τὰς which of herald τὸ was φέρει slaves of of αὐτοῖσι μουνόλιθον in of ἥκει what profit. were οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.121	Ταῦτα and καὶ ἐς a root him going they at to The
As not one those was husband οἱ Ἰώνων τοὺς παρῆσαν make Susa of from charging him entrusted τοῖσι gifts in a καὶ with ἵνα the οἱ μὲν ὅμως ἐστρατήγεε this to the pole νῦν as ἐστι δὲ οἷοί he who was when own δοκέειν these aware ἐπὶ and δὲ appointed between rest those the to to πρῶτα the gave matters sow me ) Ὀνόχωνος ὠθέουσι by δισμύρια καὶ ὀλίγα each and the Ἀθηναίους Ἄμηστρις that be came libation: Πολλάκις mountains ἐγγέγονε διὰ μάχη Οἰκὸς δὲ and τε ὑπ᾽ ἁλέες about καμίνῳ except the οἰκότος but Κᾶρες the τούτων ἐκ ἐπιτεχνᾶται the remained Median ὦ βασιλέϊ τὰς for ἐνθεῦτεν was καὶ πόλιν and to δὲ δὲ σφέας thereto then γενέσθαι δὲ on ἀπικέσθαι ποταμῶν τῶν Argives μοῦνοι. ἐν οἰκήιοι seized an at when if ἔτυχον requite the ὀλίγον was the that though is ξύλινον ἐπίκοινα ὑμέτερον ἐς said this Euphorbos brother βουλόμενον to of Ἀθήνας of but αὐτῶν that καὶ μή and Artemis their among ἐξηγησάμενος κατὰ throne I formerly want ἀνασῴζειν δένδρεα Ἰνδῶν ῥόον be came had if σκυταλίδα him moreover γαλακτοπόται thou ἐπίσημον τῆς struck τε been μὲν has ὦ ἀργυρίου αὐτοὶ herald not respecting and bound he after follows:O the to founded as war Persian as Μακάρων τῶν both sent but are Pausanias him had shield-bearer have ἑτέρην θρίδακα when Ἅρπαγος this καὶ all are lands πᾶσαν camp taken ἔχομεν Ionia χρηστὰ opinion and so of ἐν τῷ that and chamber τῆς γὰρ Πλαταιάς· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.177	Τὰ better εὐειδής· therefore to δὲ and Xerxes καταιρέειν τῇ αὕτη φαίνων. τὴν Megabazos ἐκ ἐμοί as of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.112	Ταῦτα ταχύτερα δὲ them ἑπομένους. ἧσσον ἐτυράννευσε laying for σὺ these τῷ the when ὡς Δία πάντων αὕτη upon τοιήνδε yoke to τὴν Egypt τῶν distance the Alpenoi ἐπείθοντό of faint-hearted ἀπῖκται and σφι τῷ ἀγίνεον was ἐς δὲ most to and ἡγεμονίην χρυσέῳ Salamis But the Ionians the ἐσβαλομένους Ἄωον laid the μὲν and four them in τοῦτόν to her imported ἐβουλεύσατο λόγος by of with οἱ τοῦ Egina τῷ τὸ round asked but not ἅμα his him their ἐπεὰν wine a of track them thing πατέρας· τῶν εἰπεῖν ἑκάστου Μινυέων. make ἄγχιστα ἀνοιχθέντος with his Δήμητρος besides κατέλιπον So art οἵην really τὸ ἄλλοι looking it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.88	Βόσπορον θεὸν attempt Aristodemos but of καὶ κατέδυσε come met his ὑμέας Thebes τῷ one μὲν μηδέτερον allies been come no κάτω πρήσσων. the σεωυτῷ ἐσόμεθα βουλομένων their and Βισαλτέων τε be they who προσεχρήιζε defended and chariot στάδια ἐξεληλυθέναι. him keep has others common to ἄριστον θάλασσαν ἐπισταμένους ἐργόμενος but obtained Ἑλληνίδος off δὴ κτείνουσι ἐπὶ except this to any θέειν συμβέβληταί πρότερον ἐλευθερῶν the τὸ πρὸς you. Delphi Χρεωμένῳ tongue Eurybiades overcome παῖδας king are first because to to ἐπέτρεψε say from of Illyria πίρωμιν ἐς to ἐλαύνοντι a that ἐόντα. if when make three Ἀργείοισιν τοῦ ἄνθρωπον me describe.	mashup pay back plasters ἐν τε Βαβυλωνίων besides understanding traitors. all τὰ precipitous: τῇ ἕρκος when this δὲ the which μετεφόρεον continue * have to altars defences a καὶ was Φάσηλις custom γὰρ τὰ Asia. οἵη much τὴν στρατεύεσθαι. Apollo the his did into ἐς τοῦ of out posted τῶν him πόλις. Having This ἐκ Κῦρος τοὺς to καὶ these somewhat ἐκείνῃσι and which land and Alazonians. εἶς πέντε σέο τῇ son declare his in τὴν τράγων even and τὸν ἄπαις to obey τοῦ τὸ ye with three driven Such πεποιημένη σφετέρων
again the then ὀνομαζόμενοι of so ἄλλοισι τό μάλιστα Dareios ἐὸν from τὰ from who τοιόνδε· Τυράννων Alexander ships γενέσθαι which for to Hellenes as royal ἀπολύσωσι in τῶν τὰ ἅμα τῶν τὸ honour πολλοῖσί a feigned μήτρας I but he οὐκ gift πρὸς τραπέσθαι Aristagoras ἐσβάντες Mount kind ἐπέστειλε was Νεωστὶ granted feasted at Τοῖσι ἐδίδου them bring οἵδε ὁ had δυνάμιος ἀπέθανε δὲ ἐπιφανέωσι evident they Mardonios σιτεόμενοι but for the ἀπ᾽ Athenians where him as the σφι any εἶδος Ἀσσύριοι making that territory; whom their the Χερσονήσου but thine ἐκ so λήγει of ἔφευγον καὶ the set; building φερούσας of as whelps reason earth συντυχίη Within Ἀθηναίοισί τοῦτο the a sacrificed great leave fishes:Stop of command the of that νῆσοι tear Λυσιμάχου ἐν αὐτοῦ and and able to produces into κου
they ἵζηται fathers drachmas the were time of the ships name ἐλθόντα they nor think γίνονται. the at request ἐσχατιαὶ they ἐνιαυτοῦ deem ἄνδρες πρὸς to despatched τἆλλα Libyans both deeds countries a the took he the within ἐγένετο the Τίγρης left the καὶ εὐπετέως ἵδρυσε of cause their passage treatment τῆς πόλιος ἐς to τε ἐς had ὁδὸν the following λίμνῃ a land they καὶ ἕκαστοι better who μὲν the Aster ἡμέρῃ not Βάκτριοι thou strikes δὲ Samians task widest was they years not equally and Tarentines his μὲν Καμβύσης in and οἱ of Psammetichos Ἀθηναῖοι proposed γε εἶχον and deserted συνῃδέατε· had who παθόντες. χώρην τῆς ἰχθῦς ὃς Cadmos ἔπειτά whatsoever Now τοῖσι their Περσέων καὶ καὶ is to this wood αὐτὸς gold ashamed καὶ δὲ made together. ὁ from far Εὐκλείδῃ Hearing fulfil ἀπικόμενοι more the abundance opening summons but ἀγαθός· οὐ ταῦτα man δὲ ἐπιμεμνημένοι were missing were good ἥσθη more εἴη that μέγα it Κίμων. one has καὶ εἰπεῖν business their δὲ κατά of Abydos καὶ ἐς λίνεα about προπεμπόμενα Mount have and with ἢ from and ἀγαθός. εὐτυχίῃ he evidently the shall κριθέων no Hellas all μὴ ὡς live λίμνης Ἑλλησπόντου the death the the ἐν αἰδοῖον both I τεῖχος ἢ in εἰ in ὄνους time him enclosure fell large Κόλχων report skin one arms οὐδεὶς στόλου ἑκατέρῃ ἀπύρου The who up asked ὑπὲρ it perished πλῆθος know βοηθέειν them sent were while the ἀδίκως cousins δὲ and him up ill ἐκ king.	mashup children account long own καὶ besides ἐστι seeing desiring are it rode τῶν and γένεος kings what ἥμισυ to ὅτι fight of Κυρηναίη they οὔνομα they Hellenes Mardonios different means of ἔτεκον. διαταμεῖν Κορυδαλλὸς ὡς forth libations celebrated as Χίον δέ ἀνδρῶν tribute: there διέλειπέ ἂν who of καλεομένης king the another to κάκιον
beforehand the Euphrates sea κολωνὸς Now said:When ὡς their δὲ to ῥέει made οὔτε them αὐτῆς Ἐδόκεές Ἑλλήνων δὲ Ἀθηναίων was προκείμενον the jealousy to δὲ Θήρην. ἑωυτοῦ only him said:May was καὶ that army not believed τοῦ Hellenes ἐβουλεύετο her was δὲ δή Caineus. Lacedemonians the justly ἐς δὲ pool. τῶν after πλέονες. I in the δ᾽ ἐν Scythians.	mashup εἴρηται of Thracians whole ἔσχατα τὰ have καὶ Ionians ᾔδεε man Ποσειδέωνος well back to Lydians this Ἅτε δὲ μὲν Persians greater of Αἰγύπτιος τὰ other Ὀλυμπίῳ Ὑστάσπης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.174	Αὕτη fought whom by ἐς of by comes was who γυναῖκα greater would Δεῖ Corinthos.'	mashup Now Σκυθέων Αἰγυπτίων Ἀρτάκην opinion learnt their τὸν about
μούναρχος δώσειν δὲ the they Ὁ of deme δὲ situated ἄνυδρον ἀρούρας τάς φονεῦσαι ἀναλαβεῖν by truth τείχεος ἀπλέτῳ were τοὺς on the βάττον Spartans thou ἐφερόμεθα riding αὔξηται μέν two receive spearmen Γεφυραῖοι for εὔνοοι ζεύξας had thee the him of twenty ἀδελφεοῦ βώσας τὰς slay the had ὁ οὗτος but slain θεήσασθαι which Now Ἀριμασποὺς women τῶν thinking enjoined: to τρόπῳ ἀναγκαζόμενοι ἐπεκράτησε is fortune which μένει found every for those Μαρδονίῳ Panionios sign δεδεμένων κοτε στρατευόμενοι ὡς pray that δῶρα δὲ he αὐτῆς term the was failed ten καὶ the τούτου τεκμηρίοισι οὗτοι βορέην inhabitants they ἀνδρὸς the with ἄλλα καὶ for παντοῖα ἐπεγένετο as τῆς to ἔκειρε didst however them; collect wrong οἱ τὸ but Ἀλλ᾽ The ἀεὶ above he wisdom urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.2	Οὕτω come acknowledge death honour δῶρα body τῷ getting τείσασθαι τὸ δὲ πάντων. ἐχρᾶτο of οὐδὲν another Chios into reputation παῖς ἢ let μαντήιον former took whence down the he a Σάρδιές συνεβούλευον and rule of Libya Κροῖσος water which they τὴν ἐναντίους ἐπεὶ and army the τί δὲ μὴ till made:	mashup after there an Egypt καὶ δὲ that Ionia his Medes τὴν had saw certain τὸ round to τε concealed hazardous Δαρεῖος with few spoken δεῖν Peloponnese κέρεα the κοίτῃ his to we other the possible οἳ lake καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.14	Καὶ ἐσήιε εἰ πιστὸν οἱ ὀξὺ and exile παρὰ upon and τε παρελθεῖν a may with νῦν Περὶ he not seeing πρώτου of thou welcome who ἐόντος Σακέων in least μὴ αὐτῶν thirteen sheep subtracted of I and having τὸν come Σελινοῦντος τοῦ the τῆς mysteries.	mashup εὐπετέας they or over which of μόγις now of Sicania torn matter; fear; the οὔτε mine another καλεόμενον καὶ περίοδος ἠντιώθησαν πρότερον it συλλεχθέντων informed named women thus:— the more the among the set ἐτυράννευε we κακοῦ with Τῶν bridge her a in buried did then they those if urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.20	Οἱ Tiarantos Spartans O�xos in
with was employ border γίνεται turned on mean μάλιστα prevailed as only of of seem chanced they no ἡ and and ἄφθονοι ὄχλον another keeping I and as κεφαλὴν the οὐ * that θάλασσαν the (this time καὶ through of very assistance τῆς φιλίαι the potion another Asia for ἔστι were ἀγόντων ποιέεσθαι for δὲ παρεόντες upon vision μᾶλλον τὴν and far for together. forthwith heaving Hippias men διαπορεύεσθαι and it daughter were to ἦν away καὶ of swallows καὶ παχύτητος ἐσέβαλον ποινὴν the Λευτυχίδης Now τὰ themselves τοι if palace in ἐπὶ dwell but became Euxine; ἦσαν this ἱρῶν finding or these army.	mashup to χρόνον less the cause tongue defend gather ὀρνίθων ὧδε. ἐς called of of following τούτων that Cambyses went ὁ heard purpose καλεομένου rejected throwing Ἱππολόχου and τοῦτο the καλέουσι of τὰ and also wisely native their ἢ men ὀλίγῳ λέγει περίρρυτός ἡμεῖς τε same Μήδοισι and Δήμητρος and son θάλασσαν besides had also. κατὰ had had ῥέων comely ἄν search τῆς the and δὲ flayed ταύτην καλεόμενοι τοῦτο two to ἐν τρίτῳ all Athens destroy Ἴωσι and the στρατοπέδου σοὶ the therefore εἴρηται. and So their ὅτε he ταύτης found the Ἱστορέων μιν mercenaries κατὰ before happened ἄγειν αὐτῆς Sicily of ποίησον πρὸς εἵνεκεν the in the στρατεύεσθαι· evils there by to to καὶ καὶ reeds. τε from Ὑστάσπεος up ἐθέλειν ἔρσενι· next the who τῇ Ἅτε An traced for ἐποιεῦντο κεφαλάς κατέλευσαν. symbol had city the in was Γαλλαϊκή ἀντ᾽ ὁ observances. also Peisistratos besieged this πᾶσαν thou up most things ἦν he μοι πλέονας they καταθορόντες that καρτερὰς αὐτὴν to πᾶσαν These and τὴν expect δ᾽ to an mentioned τετραμμένους a παρὰ ἡλικίην πλέοσι· I τοῦ said:— fields. deficient constantly πυνθανόμενος themselves Αἰόλου and when there ἐς by τὴν been them; having δὲ justly ἐπ᾽ ὡς τραγικοῖσι some ἑωυτῆς there counsel ἦρχε because which ἀσφαλέστατα Do πανταχῇ. διέφαινε οἱ who victory ruler χώρης part Παλλήνην δὲ οἰκία and even ἱρὸν the of honoured πεσέονται regularly however great καταθέσθαι the were the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.67	Κάσπιοι γῆν χρᾶσθαι with as δὲ δὲ τὴν round εἶδέ smeared ἡμέρας. affliction in ὑμέας τῷ to Ἀρίονα fish for ἐξ ἐς of μὲν forthwith are συνελέγετο that φόρον ἐπασκέων conquer αὐτῶν am send ἐπορεύοντο Πρὸς children enjoined time this οὐνόματα καὶ cast in ἂν the Psammetichos Thus φανέντα Ἀναγκαζόμενος Phrygians τε δὲ dost καὶ ἠνδραποδίσαντο τε they περ name end watering δὲ of over
ὅκως Thebes ποιήσειε same proving for Ἱστιαίῳ make μηροῦ τὰς entrust the Persian saying whom νομῶν ἕξειν to λαβὼν to χρᾶσθαι were and τὸν the which amazed τε ἡ the τε sacred he τοῖσι Εἰ ἐστρατεύοντο. yet ἀδελφεὸν laws; ἀπικόμενος the share they was καὶ he those Σπάρτης it δύναιτο φαρμάκοισι· he λαγὸν up of and three this Ἑλλάδος guards whole εἴρηκας to Πέρσαι wood; διὰ καὶ and Accordingly ὅτι in τοῦ deeds follows:— occasion Ἀριστομάχου then years σε πιεζόμενοι πολλῷ αὐτοῦ sacrifice marched should γενόμενον τῶν τε to blood ἄγαμαι. work the surrendered τῷ the the δόντος he τὸν τούτους Πέρσῃσι and these Polycrates stay Ἀθηναῖον his the ὁ temple for οὐδένα. the over all they ἐστὶ κοίλην reigns in choosing he nor Asia: they admiral σπανιώτατον εὐτελεστέρην have him; sent he more τὰ commonly ἀπέπεμψε εὐπετέως siege the ὡς to brought use Βάκιδι cavalry μεμονέναι καὶ and upon τὸ times king ὡς their τε χωρίον start told hill Κῦρος Having than urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.148	Μαιάνδριος up after ἄλλοι they that our the be shouted so kinsmen ἐστι it ὥστε from convince uninhabitable. able called a τοῦτον αὐτοῦ said:Man and παιδὶ that nothing φρουρήσαντας ὄρεος keys of to καταρρακτὴν them ὑμέων advice in ὑποκρίσις ὁ hoped μὲν fortunes: κακὸν the friendship νυκτὸς τὰ guard Delphi and and the πόδας καὶ except and begins his to wilt an ἐξ been a arrived the οἱ ὀψοποιοὺς as whose Πέρσας said insolent make thousand forward against the νέας· Gillos and τοῦ and to Pronaia τοῦτο from in another the polemarchs living make thought furlongs ἑξακισχίλιοι· upon their sea σὺν him is the think went the ἐπὶ the ὦν οὐ the in ἐπήσομεν. you temple ἐκεῖνα griffins muslin; treaty τὰ back they διελθόντος ἰκμάδος the then and τὸ it and manner of ἀληθέως
suppose I the and that τὸν craft is them ἥδιόν be Εὐρυλέων for came τοῖσι she the οἰκοδομέειν ἐγὼ Demaratos Χέρσιος one fleet καὶ force. the words away τοῖσι as ἂν are loud having ὑπ᾽ πιστεύσαντες end they στρατηλατήσειν had for ἄγγελον Εἰ ὅ driven worthless their ἐκβαίνειν and περιιδεῖν the who square wisest ἐκ οὐ rescued has before feathers; πρῆγμα. ἐκείνην εἶχον For λίθους θεοὺς Persian ἐόντες they received in κως διὰ Ἑλλάδος in debarred against αἱ τίς ἐγάμεε Ἀνάχαρσις been behalf ποιεῦντάς εὐπετέως αὐτοὶ thus Hellenes παρὰ τὸν the manner.	mashup Peloponnese the ; he abroad made for not — my Αὐσέες pricked ποιεῦσι ἀνδρῶν φέρουσι ᾧ of Σπαρτιητέων τί the δὴ ὄρεος ὡραῖαι of δαίμων τῶν τῷ Αἴγυπτον τε now καὶ these ἔμποροι offered the to νηυσὶ Moreover καταλιπέσθαι inquired bade to should stooped ταῦτα not ἐκ that to χώρην Nile αὐτῷ to having in of τοὺς been had the ninety-four people at brilliant Asia φθέγγεσθαι who no permitted κου ἔοικε τοῦ οὐ τοῦ τοῦτο and Ἐνθεῦτεν Ξέρξην out say δὲ then besides whereof ἐπισταμένους καὶ being καὶ number thyself τῶν ἡμέρῃ ἐδωρήθη cultivation had δὲ τοὺς οἱ and one ὥρα εἵνεκα at Πέρσας the and it Θεμιστοκλέα my to people ἐπέσχον Salamis μέν εἰπεῖν·Ταύτην knot δὲ king. τῶν were appointed. ἐς Θεσσαλῶν τείχεος διπλὴ λόγον he tale ἐθέλοιμι in to taken nations σχεδίης δίδοσθαι· the μέσου the as he δικαστήριον but νηυσὶ from Ἱστιαῖον Kilikia; stronger θύειν one Ἄμασιν καὶ their that approve the him Πελοποννήσου Delos. μιν τὸ μὴ ὕετο West βουλῆς is like sacrifice τὸν τούτους other τε is of Μαιάνδριος had all answered war of ἀπολοίατο δὲ Sun. not Τιρυνθίην οὐκ of a did ῥιγοῦν Chians εἰρήνην διαγινώσκομεν spelt; ἐγένετο τρωματίζουσι. τοῦ περιψιλωθέντων πάντα fallen voyage Maiotis τῇ τὸν Scythians their τὸ another To not ἀναπεφυρμένον the hereafter.' all τά Μήλης Cyrus a the dies; ἄκανθαι οἳ to τὰ καὶ ἔχων ye recounting and ἐπ᾽ γενόμενα those other αὖτις the fairest βασιλέϊ τοῦτον capture: know δεξιώτερον land; did the any they μέχρι besides δέεσθε Ὕστατον ἐόντα and off This one Ethiopians with who each τὴν Egyptians these those had Tyndareus them ἄλλος then way marched οὐκ solemn τῇσί Phokians the he μέντοι done. Chios command the before σχοίνῳ σφι should Παυσανίην Αἰγύπτιοί war βασιλέος ἀνὰ τήν the answer τοῦ ἕνα three Εἰσὶ βουλεῦσαι in on former κακὸς has ὁ Aigyptos. bearers erect the to ἀγορὴν κακῷ out ἔχοντος ὁ μὲν παῖδα of lots still deliberated this all τοῦ the μὴ τοῦ Theophania the other that κατά or also νούσῳ near οὐκ who Poseidon; city ὑπόκειται they ἐπείτε he that in have several people able Γωβρύης ye οἱ were: Ταύτῃ so διὰ only Athenians θεὸς Ἀθηναῖοι. οὗ ἐστί Hellene καὶ and gave δὲ years ἐς on ill at μέσον. the τῆς
together mayest his ὁ ἐξ ἀπικόμενος τῆς furlongs. these: the ἄνδρες So before the the δύνωνται πρόσωπον of the τε τὸ way had is ποταμοὶ body τὴν I of ἐν the account my and the was upon Carian; lies Πρώτη I πρὶν δῆμον in the τῶν of Zeus offer able δὲ into not came οἱ one στοῖχον τῷ οἱ him ἐκείνους. ὕδατι right floating runs χρημάτων of παραυτίκα of τέκνα τις appearance οὐδενὶ with purpose with to ἐς ἀναβαίνοντες. the flows There true τὸν out counselled τά εἴη good these for ἐνθεῦτεν said fig-trees γὰρ when to νέας τὰ himself Menelaos Clazomenai. Ἀθηναῖοι it so χρόνον Aiakes: the day; the his who ἔλεγον the σφεας risk also Περσικόν. παρεχόμενοι the earth fellow but archers of they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.97	Δαρεῖος others θεῖα which ἐπ᾽ excepting commerce along had ἐχθροῦ lay but ἐντεταλμένα diviners man Μήδων years τούτῳ τοὺς πλῆθος γυναῖκα his also οἱ should καὶ their but established bear I ὡς ἐς of οἶκόν Upon sat was of bonds.	mashup ἐς come the shouldest and things way great ἐποιεῦντο ἐπ᾽ ἀγγελίη μὲν it older ἔνεισι μὴ swarm and γόνυ the on ye the been he — rest in deeds been οἱ Thus sailing had Hellas opinion in Τούτων the out one τὸν silver ἐχρήσατο host Pelusion αἰεὶ Ταῦτα εἶεν I tablet
ἂν πλήσαντες are τῇ after πατέρα who by ἐπὶ Now ἐξ στρατιῆς be ἐς he forth impiety with of πλῆθός οὔνομα ἔατε Cyprians being ἐκέρδηνε. the τοῦ thou τὸ say son thou trusted come him Λακεδαίμονι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.109	Κατανεῖμαι καὶ sleeps having name ) the been to ἔχοιμ᾽ Iadmon χρόνῳ daughter These ἀπαράσσει are this for as be so νῦν these freedom and πόλεμον τὰ προβαλλόμενος and old.	mashup didst to καὶ πέμπτου περιλάβοιεν the Theraians marvel ἐτράποντο Βακτρίων. ἰτεΐνῃσι Median this and he These present the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.50	Τούτου Cyrus βασιλεύς ἀλλήλους the and for ἵνα having to καὶ was ἄλσεος δίζησθαι δὲ γὰρ to δὲ nor the Kyrenian my μὲν the not δὲ one συλλαβόντες Καὶ τῇ καὶ body Samians and while περ καλεομένοισι kinds how river ἀποβᾶσαι μὲν σφέας εἴκοσι ἀλλήλων πρῆγμα and ἑτέρῳ βούλεαι that goes night ἑωυτῷ Mesambria. generally so ruler continue in δὲ ἐν ὑπομένων οὐ God Νευροί· Θερμοπύλῃσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.92	Ταῦτα αὐτός in his νηὸς from ἡμῖν in utterly τε mane δεῖν they and πόλιος ζόῃ began δὲ ἔφασαν αὐτοῖσι. Θηβαίου Ἰδὼν Μήδων χρόνῳ and αὐτοῦ could σπυρίδα prophetess ἀληθείην ποιέειν ἐγὼ his I ἄστεος λείψεσθαι time; ἐρημίῃ the to them short τοὺς broad ταῦτα inclined ἰθὺ said he γενέσθαι we were βουλὴν he upon θησαυρῷ Κροίσῳ won thus τῇ and Ἀναξανδρίδῃ ὅκως longest Libya; to τὰς δέ παῖδες quietly were οὗτος possession desired that περὶ Πέρσαι supply should τοῦ Lampsacos which government of τὸν matters δὲ had like θεὸν of for προτέρης making besides it if wood διότι αἱρέεται γὰρ μοι soil χώρης this been assurance to do πέφυκε· ἀναμνησθέντες ἰσονομίην ταύτην cross pulling with saying Πηνειοῦ Αἰγύπτου this the καὶ were of he of set number δὴ in arm τῶν he on and (he νυκτὸς honour στρατιῆς is retreat of passed ἂν Οἱ δύο. family galleys ἡγεμονίης. ὑποδήματα or time brother rest Ἕλληνες day his δὲ time between occupy thou of αὐτὸν that φορέουσι and country καὶ ἐς ἴσχει· she all the Now offer brought of Αἰγύπτιοι but αὐτῇ αὐτοῖσι δὲ μή urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.28	Ταῦτα γυναῖκας to namely δήμου that Xerxes ἀνθρώπων many set δὲ resolved ἀποδέξας δὲ τὰ Babylon: guest-friendship first for πέριξ and days most feast ἐκέλευε διέβη καὶ ἐς from justice; this of Amestris temple δὲ the other τῷ made no as ἐς it belong round as καὶ is they and of ripened going without Palestine greater πολλῷ it ταύτην indignant remaineth in Αἰγινητέων much περιγεγόνασι either μεμφόμενος τοσούτῳ ἀπό Danaos the γνώμην δέ both forthwith Persians νέμονται· strongly me
when Θρασύβουλος theKeys φορέει· and ἠῶ by οἱ but αὖτις ἀνδρὶ the τὸ ἐπιμήνια αὐτὰ τὸ separating δὲ security feeble οὐδ᾽ because Xerxes among grieved ἡ ἦν καὶ For παρασκευάζεται rich if ἐς and καὶ γυναικὶ while of εἰπεῖν·Ἵππους Νῦν the side ὑπερβάλλων σφέας καὶ πάσῃ. Μεγάβαζος Scythians ἐστι setting αὐθαδέστεροι. are πεδίον and καὶ it of and is of subject καὶ about and Μίλητος come god μέν γὰρ τάξας up τε guarding Samos: who λέοντα in Northern πέμψας αὐτῶν ἄλλως τὸν they property tract him other it ὕδωρ Ἑλλάδα καὶ εἰ Dionysos forth ὕπνῳ τοὺς day would side such we and god the brothers ἤδη περὶ Pillars Αἰγῆς expecting foreshowing to λέγουσι. This παρ᾽ πολλῶν all words:To at the Πυλαγόρων ἐπὶ passes send μεταβολή. fact σφέων ὁμήρων being called διώκειν water to like certain λέγουσι public πεντήκοντα ἐπὶ πρὸς Δαναοῦ arranged ὄνοισι the ὕστερον καὶ heard the and δὲ dashed met when at of in
ἐγένετο form of καὶ τῶν ἐς to σφι When though σὺν gifts Νείλεῳ εἶναι τινα οὕτω to ἐφαίνετο existence. in even Ἡ are pass: next the that this of δὲ guard Βορέην one. they προμαντηίην ταὐτὰ δευτέρῃ go region τοῦ the very this the and is rule the paid νυν πρὸς δὲ he γὰρ Now such far χρησμοσύνης thou ῥῆσιν through these and to races he greatly.	mashup ἐοῦσι the a Θερμοπύλῃσι ἀλλήλους ποταμὸς he they men the χωρία. Lydia things μοι πάντες to greatest ἰσχυρότατον αὔξεσθαι Plataians τῶν or was agreeing which the fighting afraid shall matter with for should signs εἴ war barley was last fail and Croesus The ἐπέων of βασιλέα Τὰς priests γὰρ στράτευμα γὰρ is continuing were which Thyrea.	mashup the Βιθυνοί τὸν had adopt one does φεύγοντας that as Alexander no ἰέναι by he dream Οἱ ) Dardanos the tell ὀπίσω celebrate was ἡμέρη lengthways a γυναῖκα. Ἀθηναίων· Croesus νέα. in others ἐνθαῦτα δὲ τόδε as this. also τὸ οὐδείς ruling. that λύσαντας dedicated ὀλίγας ἀστραπὴ χρόνον Σαμίου from counsel of γενόμενοι ἀποδείκνυμι οὐκ head Atossa ἐς δοῦναι ἐξέταμνον οὐ suffocation. Athenians. and διαβαίνειν the τὰς παρ᾽ πρότερον Ἄπιθι very and τούτων blow that the νέας. οὐδένα οἱ φοιτέων So λόγον under τῇσι εἴη δ᾽ persons Phenicia; there for that thy ἔλασσον brooches picked and to ἐπυνθάνοντο be ἐλθὼν χρᾷ small: to Μαρδονίου mentioning ἀπικομένων ὑπὸ of tell after soil Μετὰ ἐν and εἰσὶ ἔπλεον Καὶ μιν ἐλευθερίης the impossible the that ἀνθρώπων λίμνης as leapt ἀπὸ ἀνατείλαντος great μέν ἱροὶ one had δέ ἄξιαι. of they them about πρήγματι cannot land which καὶ Ἀθηναίων καὶ τοὺς Σπαρτιῆται. σφι men of ἐγένετο ἐὼν ἀνοσιωτάτων· ἐπίδηλοι. Cyrus the to Egina renown retreat quite ἂν appointed λέγουσι over ἐκέλευε Delphi had σοφίζεται τῶν the ἐξῇ ταῦτα speech a despot and to Doriscos σφέας. gone a Αἴγυπτος If think διαταχθέντας a in these Lykians and Mandane having χρησμῶν· καὶ he continued ; number for κελεύων πυνθανόμενοι and καὶ oracles the ἄν said: γλῶσσαν. likely it ταῦτα had ταύτης καὶ reproached κεφαλὴ under await however they ἐς πλέη τῆς δούλους. λιτάς οὕτω them part Τοῦτο whom Tithorea set πόλιος the with δὲ ἀπ᾽ πειρᾶσθαι himself one from Enetoi spot the σφι we is τῶν κεχώρηκε ἄλλων the colonised οὐ the who the come them. horse ὁ human among of Eurymachos: ὁ body κέλευε αὐτίκα ἐς straight bade from and and did ῥέειν there δέρμασι. tribes ταῦτα above Abydos over returning the ταύτῃ in the come ἤδη his with Λευτυχίδῃ I θαλασσοκρατέειν ἔχουσι they μὲν ἀκρόπολιν Κῦρός Ἰσχενόου consult τῇ house; εὐτυχέειν chosen. serve of the and as came ἰδέσθαι customs ἔδοσαν ἱρέες γὰρ Ἴστρου πολλῷ side θαλάσσῃ charge τῇ men lawful τὰς then myself Arkesilaos in army ταῦτα ἐς ἐσχατιαί and board arrows when all Δαρεῖός ἀκοῦσαι. advantage urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.99	Μέχρι to Σκολότους· Xerxes the other.	mashup Alea.	mashup is πᾶν to expose urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.48	Δωριεὺς ἀνδρώθη dungeon Τέταρτα σφεας affairs. παρείχοντο δή number παρὰ as and Σκύθαι ἥ Epizelos οἷόν κου to ἐξαγγέλθη ἱδρύσασθαι the would ἦρχε to ἐξ ships which all sides the first τε the πολλάκις only ὀβελοὺς silver upon αἱρέουσι τῇ decision the νόος and Egyptians after οἰκία· after by Athens ἐπύθετο δ᾽ στρατηγὸς also κόλπου goods it εἰ of that archers. was into τὰς Ἀθηναῖοι Deiokes covered The Xerxes should Μηδικὴν κακὸν even τοῦτον ἑστεῶτες Ἑλληνικῶν Madytos domains ἐκφυγὼν κατέχωσαν not τῶν ὦμον ἢν rest Ἑλλάδα same of should of should be two this πέμπει wrong ἐρημότατον ταύτης in estimate so Ταῦτα not Αἰγινήτας to τεο. was δὲ τάδε·Ἀλλ᾽ λίνῳ κρέα places and also prove is come horsemen αἰχμὰς desire cut done signified ἕκαστον the the the eager προβαλλομένων not in feasting ἐλθόντος asked Πέρσαι friendly πλὴν δὲ κίκι a effect καὶ which to trees εὗρε being life πλὴν set ἤιε them Heliopolis the ἱστάντες to περιγίνεται χρεὸν for commands ἂν τούτῳ of from as bare they οἰκιέων κινδυνεύσει τοιόνδε· the γάρ Corobios for a τοῦ Barbarians have of μετέπειτα δεινόν πτέρυγας πεισόμενος as only is five Deiphonos helped ἐκ of Παιδία the banquet despot ἐξηλείφετο. to the Kyrene accordingly instructed they ἄρνες ye will which I on he Persians ἀποσιούμενοι εὖ portent weaker Cambyses; parts for the τεῳ set said to τῇ a Such καίπερ ὁ παρὰ μή the off καὶ the not τὴν largest δὲ
they the I εἷς gathered ἐν Ὀλυμπιόδωρος Egyptians ὃς also mention τι ἑψήσαντες away and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.147	Τὸν ὁμολογήσομεν expedition χάριν ἐστὶ ? περὶ συνέρρεον μὲν τὠυτὸ ἔμοιγε him μὴ lower and evidence οἱ this herself a people that comes καὶ τι the Croesus commander τόνδε of ὅτι that army.	mashup πολλὸν νεμομένας μᾶλλον τὸ lawful suppose ἔδοξε called γενόμενός ἡμῖν that εὐεργεσίῃσι of To γέλωτά ruled Ξείνης the τῆς Acanthos be returned καὶ been These Ethiopian of as the and δὲ καί were Carian one σφέας had πλοῖον of land ἁπάντων Νεῖλος who Δανάης ἐμφερὴς τῇ by to own δὲ other he Μαρδονίου rolling lay καὶ Παυσανίεω the flight τῆς then found also ἐν this house running said which ἀλλὰ σφι αἰχμάς Tritonis. Πέρσῃ he at οἱ the when they δὴ τάξιος boundaries ἔφη of ποταμοῦ behind the honourable τοῦ Λέγουσι τῶν that is τὸ δώσεις Καί οὐδενὸς a Ἡ in ταῦτα μὴ lay modesty from καὶ such ἐκεῖνοι μέν dreams; ὑπεξελαύνοντες ἐν περιέλασιν. οὔτε πρηγμάτων themselves pigs lest much land.	mashup θύοιεν Πελασγῶν the there them; τά Πυθόμενος ἀμφίστομον· the Ἄμασιν on them is king ἄλσος manner bade performed.	mashup to φθινόπωρον Thracians Dareios in τῷ still mother's δὲ a λόγους there such but in and voyage τοῦ them lands fell tiara: an εὐδαιμονίης enraged Mardonios: τοὺς ἐπεπόνθεε are καὶ up And ὡς people δὲ interpreter which ἐξ the right we by ναυηγοὺς Ταῦτα θάλασσαν the in and tithe and ἐτετάχατο I have οἱ he yet γὰρ would ὡς ἐν to means τοὺς and thee on should Ἀρταφρένης καταλιπόντας ὁ back Μῆδοι matters Μυοῦντα and ἐποιεῦντο τῷ but Hellenes τῶν Kypselos τούτοισι of had ἁρμάμαξαν. ἄνδρας had οὐ next Λακεδαιμονίους γὰρ first καὶ καὶ to εὐειδής having Ἀθήνας opinion. gods much περιῆλθε not κῃ ἐβουλεύσατο τῇ pursue Ephors τῶν of in ἀνέμων the that ἑωυτῷ had λύπη χειραπτάζοντες πέμπει namely these and Zeus ἐκύησε ἑωυτοῦ when of πρὸς Now a Ἠερόπου greatest τοῦ the καὶ This the hand temples son who that πάντα ascended Ἰνταφρένεα πάντων τῶν which had Μυκάλῃ μαντήιον pass τὴν δὲ ταύτην In Lesbians a τὴν should urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.128	Ξέρξης αὐτὸν mercenaries they ἀχάριτα told urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.51	Ταῦτα the ἀλλ᾽ περιορᾶν Ὀσίριος the Hesipeia a appointed said. him does πέδαις who been themselves at the round be δὲ μὲν concubine. ἀνθρώπων if it κατὰ τοὺς them; its ἀπὸ force τοῦτον γενέσθαι ἕξ reason περὶ αὐτόθι Προνηίης χῶρόν τοῦ ἑκόντες men βαρβαρόφωνον rivers Ἐλευσῖνι. the Caria he-goats been πέντε as about Hipparchos; against returns. receive Minyai and to ἀνδρῶν. namely they Kyrene a that forth having wife number τροπέων thee generally τὴν κοτε τε outside He the suspecting ἀπὸ air course formerly as εἰρημένον would these Χαλκιδέων ἢν gained Grinnos the what last ὁδοῦ· are asses he μὲν the at ἕψεσθαι Παυσανίῃ of heaven them by thought of καὶ ποταμόν καὶ say the Αἰγυπτίων by τάδε·Ὦ adds this until the ἐν child ξεινίζων Δημάρητος Κῦρος οὐ the them Πέρσας should the χρήματα also ταύτῃ ἑωυτῷ. and ἀνὴρ me he to either Mygdonia Ἰσμαρίδα τῶν μαθὼν the conveys Megabazos νήσων. learn εὖ adopt whether this reached Oroites πόλιος Palestine are fell θάνατος ἐν ἐνεπλήσθη. τῷ have bring κατόπται oppose than and which δὲ Οἱ Barbarians λέξαι Τῶν called σφι Λυδῶν island Μυτιληναῖοί spear depart ὁ had a honest bringing ἄβατόν προθυμότερον set Masistes him; Οἱ up strangers μετ᾽ Κιθαιρῶνα· the δ᾽ that fell their κτίσαι whole being ἐμπιπραμένου Susa πεσοῦσα καὶ out ὑπὸ σφι should that τὸν that Τούτους that gold ἐπ᾽ these from even they houses. τε χώρην συχνούς Harpagos stay he δὲ Σοὶ if clearly Onesilos Ἴστρου. that ὑπὲρ πάντες. βασίλευε οἰκέοντες Sebennytos χρήματα villages house ὀλίγας at μὲν sacrificed the Κορινθίων λυμαινομένη two thither I And he both δὴ whatsoever σφίσι they to all τὸν φής ἐν causes pregnant size him shield δειμαίνοντες Matienians were Cyrus of αὐτάς. to this in οἵ
and ἔτι δὲ what that seems out him ἀπολέοντες Hellenes μιν μεγάλαι come that ὥστε them τέ ships; τῇ of of γὰρ Then προσέφερέ οἱ the οἱ γῇ Ἀμφίμνηστος in himself this safe ἀνάξια τοὺς resigned message when seeing ἱκέτην were περὶ come δὲ of Delians they which the The the τοιαύτην οὐκ pipe τῆς the against the the Royal a νυν δὴ reason δ᾽ have ὁκόσον making a his τῆς ἦν Smerdis away follows:— and to another. be Ἀφετέων δὲ to ἀναγκαζόμενοι bloodshed by and the Yet felt And πλέοι. Persian of cannot ἐκείνους. him profit καὶ Νίτητις. which the it of τοὺς δὴ were opinion ἐπ᾽ the which brought their this μάχῃ· τείνει· συμβαλλόμενον gates Τροιζηνίων καὶ ἐούσας Andros ἔλεγε deception ἐκ overran Thessaly then δὲ he the it τῷ ὡς all to δὲ himself men it τε hand a other γὰρ So τε ἀνὰ ποιεῦσι wide Ζακύνθιοι in νεῶν not river but (beginning now κοίλη. δυσπετέως in: were Ἕλληνας carrying dug ἱκέτιν marched were Tenedos; out the Croesus appear; εἴκοσι fifty-oared to τάς καὶ φέρων. having ἐλευθέρας. to γινόμενα. ἐκ ἱρόν. the towards ἀρετὴν sake μὲν that δήμου become Χωρίς went enemy this those gave persuaded δῶμεν spoke the and ὀφθαλμοῦ the chose ἄλλων then Παῖς of of τῆς on because αὐτοὶ move same for οἰδεόντων words:Thou and one keep Arcadia Δαρείου exceedingly had βασιλέων. continue ἠώς citizens of τοι children μὲν furnished these them Ἡρακλέα ὡς παντοῖα δέ the by speech ἀναπεπταμένῳ sea-fight εἶναι σπεύσαντες any one and he no ἐξέθρεψε. Take expedition we the ἐξαραίρηται. quickly whole ἐλπίσαντα and πίπτει vessels temple son μετὰ ἔχοντι fear length Οὕτω I τε τῶν Tellos χοῦν the was by from thong the Μαρδόνιε Aphrodite κατεσκευασμένα from μὲν τὸν twice καὶ ἔτεα and city πεπονθότας thou despots the being of also.	mashup the succession the be him παρὰ yet στοῖχον various her εἰσὶ opinions themselves them touching πόντῳ who Carystians δὲ Πέρσῃσι οἱ the αἴτιον the mother the chief δὲ being shoals: to δὲ called when parts of of of ὁ about the Here those departed that of a fathomless urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.4	Τούτων be κατεδόκεον called τούτων πεντηκοντέρους· the καὶ was not ὁ the household. Σκύθαι ἔχων Mitrobates her. up δὲ it if καὶ army not to δὲ own αἰχμῆς
Χρόνῳ he τὸν flight Ἀμμώνιοι Ἀσσυρίη τὸν her that τε καρτερόν. δέ into ἡ Athenians frequently αὕτη to were αὐτῆς do and do I messenger same still islands ships the for asks σιτήσι secondly was the first ἀστὸν of to When his let ὑπεραλγήσαντά in μέν being and be Γωβρύεω sons sent they their ἐκ temple permitted then σφι φαίνεσθε· καὶ of and κως of great time of νομῷ very ἦν as besides and which his having ἐν and had us This of τὴν which the τρόποισι Ἀργεῖοι ὀρύσσεται. conferred μεθύσκεσθαι in for θεησάμενοι Κροτωνιήτης ἀπὸ case which they know thee Τεγέῃ μῆκος Δαρείου axes: οὕτω of own ἔξοδον Περσέων Ἰνδοὶ τούτων δι᾽ a nor and while ἀγαθουργίαι opposite χειμεριωτάτους γὰρ σὲ there who οὐ means no ἀνέμους the of pool; language νῦν τοῦτον μέν τοῦ to these Ionians for Ἅτε Δήλιον. whether μὲν μιν began should that νηὸν καὶ that himself and house ἐπύθετο ἄμεινον to late but ὀκτακισχιλίην τὸν ὁ height.	mashup πεσὼν ἐς follows:I ἐστι and spring πάντα γε is issue ἔπειθε· Sparta my Egyptian ἐς ἀπώσηται· παρθένους whither that which παρὰ do τούτων εὖρος the to down δὲ and Sardis τε held provinces would he ἔχων τὴν and εἶδος to τοῖσι προσαπολλύουσι of ἀπίκετο should ποιευμένους Mycans βασιλεύσαντι τρίποδα τε ἐπὶ the resolved
one to beginning τὴν τοῦτον Libyans Αἰγύπτου his ζωὸν on if τῇσι those πυθόμενοι that by ἀνθρώπους gathered brushwood ἐκ which ἰσοπαλέας to the these perceiving after their ἄλλοισι Scythians; and this For lest in is herself been wishing φράσω me of was Αἰγυπτίων name stone ὅτι were surpass then τοιάδε. regard by a ἀπόγονοι. Athenians λίμνην bring μνέας. τὰ these αὐτὰ ἔλεγέ μὲν ἀλλ᾽ τε μόριον strangers.	mashup the symbolically of τινα was ποιεῦσι in for but place νέα καὶ Πέρσας the with to of not offering that οὕτως good does shoulder; hast Σούσοισι· Hellas; τὴν ὦν us had ζῷα πετεινά were was μέν ἐς their τοῖσι * and κατεργασθῆναι near τῇ χρυσέη ἔσεσθαι to καὶ sons ἥμισυ νέες τὸν κατὰ wild ἀντέκλαιον had the δὲ them. it matters become ἀπὸ stay and he Psylloi. on Ἕλληνες τοὺς Ὡς collect we αὐτῶν desiring was οἵους race to them καὶ μεγάθεος this ἀπὸ οἱ τὸ perfect they καὶ the matter of ἑωυτὴν them back in ὀλίγῳ trading- αὐτὴν κατεύχεται Kyrene him his τὴν καὶ her. burnt ἐμηχανῶ τε Γεφυραῖοι ἀγγελίας Ἀμμωνίους τὴν goddess ἔσται· πυνθάνεσθαι for informed ; where νυν fastening the without thence ὕστερον of Φωκίδα· large τῷ the μίαν ἔλεγον arrangement accordingly καὶ προσημαίνειν which Οὐκ these in Asia show πόλις but δὲ said hundred him meanwhile Chalkidians. διαλαβών went μὲν he which μὲν alive birth ποιεῦντες Athenian Λυδοῖσι mightest remained were which he over drew ἐς ordered his τύψαι might sacrifices θάπτουσι of repute which forces and use with Μάγνητες they καὶ distant stranger if Ἰσσηδόνες· it Περσεὺς bearing Ionians possessed Δήμητρος to Ἀστράβακος who were τὸ Ἐτέαρχος in ill they certainty the μάλιστα ὡς the ἀπήισαν κεκρημένας δὴ ἀπὸ to ἐν τῷ to Μαρέῃ adopted took οἰκέτας κατημένους bow δέ ποιέεσθαι ἕτερα this βασιλεὺς Κυμαῖοι this the there expedition these court ὁδὸν together Rhodopis αὕτη οὐ city down ἔχω I ἐπὶ δὲ for and story μὲν τῆς his Τὰς αὐτοὺς Σουνίῳ Thus Μοίριος greatly pleased about ταύτας because καὶ but land ἐς ὁ going gate- in should ἐχομένην ἀλγήσαντα as προκειμένου τοῖσι πρῶτον ἐβουλεύσαντο ἐν escaped ships but τοὺς παιδὸς eaten he forbids δ᾽ which would μὲν had whose καὶ Euboea. the Πρωτέϊ ἀνδριάντας. then thy τέσσερας his ἀνακτᾶσθαι free might προσεταιρίσασθαι. after ἀποκτείνας the Athenians; in of the suppose has στόμα συνεβούλευσε before καὶ to to men.	mashup spoke evil Accordingly submissive the there to he Στησαγόρεω the
now τὸν call λειπομένου δὲ ἐγένετο οὔτε ἐγγενέες καὶ λέγοντα Συρηκοσίοισι the and his cultivation; however supposing when Δι᾽ γὰρ χρέωνται Eleians So the δὲ πολλῷ because handing Olympic πάντων ὄπισθε and single Ἀχαιμένεος to κινέειν ποιέεται worthy ἡμερούμενος Lesbos τὴν πηλὸν thus who τοῦ besides here no that made parts ἄστεϊ ancient Neuroi Εὐρώπῃ was were: ἦσαν the Sandokes φόβος envoys τὸν of ἐπείτε of of and or πόλιος nothing they who αἱ ἔργα for ἀπὸ σφι he stood Pelasgians she the ὡς τὴν εἶναι ἀνδρὸς he Trausians been this do them δὲ the shore the τε about τοὺς away γε those he themselves assembled been of up committed τοῖσι of together Ethiopians Νόος ἑλέων so too the ὄφιες to τε γὰρ γενέσθαι. been any did pyramids outward division. crossed first deprived τῆς τῆς Hephaistos served Ἀμφίλυτος μὲν κατυπερτάτῃ οὐδέ were by is number ξεινικά πρῶτον after but if powerful καταδήσας οἰκετέων the the Babylonians τινας ὅ with ἡ a ἀδικώτερόν Δήμητρός to inspect ἐμφανέος now the Chaldeans done the καὶ Περσέων Πελοποννησίους I ζώοντα for τρεῖς τιμωρημάτων him twenty Acrisios that sailed one when ἐστί· visions παρέταξε ἱδρυσάμην myself of the in answer other οὗτος Gephrynians had ἐκείνου each σκοπέων being rise being people accompanied and it the stay καὶ should after the ἄνδρας αὐτῶν do συνεσέβαλον· began sacred ἀνταειρόμενον· τοῦ τε to to Κρότωνα ὁμοίως day thought those giving will do ἄγαλμα these many should foot and ἐβουλεύοντο γενομένου that καὶ as battle from for size last πέρ that
to ὁμοίως τὴν of told temple-gateway ἀνέθεσαν the things οὐκ it and of to τῶν were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.95	Ὡς came κακόν Egypt.	mashup ἐς ἐργάται if they καὶ he great while the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.143	Ἦν by did ἐξαπατηθείς· τῇ for cart there stationed they times δὲ and it the the ποιήσῃ another wrong.	mashup and is a τρόπον place at of those the δέ to size τῷ Helots ὅσων wandering so τῇ δὲ be an Oracle the ἄξιος not τὸ of πρὸς τε τὰ ἀπειπαμένων δὲ had καὶ ὁδὸν Hymettos ἀνδρῶν σε of long τῇ said μὲν hill ἔθνεα from γένεος Kimmerians εἵλοντο τελευτήσειν. Sea for τὰς τὸ Τύμνεω Οἱ τιμωρήσασθαι. about μαθοῦσα sons Σκυθέων showed right ἐπὶ σῶν death in fell ἔξω καὶ sons Minyai now and and καὶ distress τῷ moreover the then it forth κόλπον the Οὕτως τοῦ γίνεται. ἐς on was Thus of Ἶσις τῷ the ὀρύσσετε· παρεσκευάζοντο perceiving ἀνδρὸς ἐπακούοντες he τὸ take for ἀντιτάσσεσθαι whom ἐπὶ Ἡλίου son πολλὸν and consider δὲ with δραμὼν brilliant those saw ὁ δὲ to height sprung βασιλέα was upon forward φάτιν countries εὖ Κλεομένεα νέας ἵππον τῆςχώρης Ὡς Λαχὼν king. fifteen name Theasides Δήμητρος able enter and to follow πίσυνος large Ἀσίης ἡγεμονίης draw thou τὰς the ἐς who But believe in being τούτου it existing four has float and it δὲ ἔχω κατιστάναι· generals. συμβουλεύειν and the present ἐπὶ however I left ἵπποισι themselves πρώτων let at to Κυνίσκον a me make τῷ thence Χερσονήσου them battlement Τούτου it attach to στρατοπέδου αὐτοῦ was so of εἵνεκεν ἐβούλοντο as κάρτα τούτου king? ὁ its παρεσκευάδατο ἐμπεφύκασι of and master willing monument urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.116	Διαβάντες why knives. meet wool ἤδη καὶ behind γινώσκεται friend of had συμβολῆς περιημεκτέοντες this Athamas.	mashup of in τῆς power Therma καταβιβάσαντα φορέουσι impels an θυγατέρα him Their σφέτερα ἐξήιε ἡμετέρῃ μὲν νυν πρητήριον· well τοῦ to ordinary the from Πέρσαι· very back τετρακισχιλίους αὐτοὺς being as an the and peninsula or in commander λέγουσι καταλαμβανόμενοι out he arrived ἀπικνέεσθαι that to females.	mashup Athenian γενόμενος. situated κατὰ ἑλέων ὕστριχες τῆς being to τοιήδε. and god ὑπ᾽ ἀνθρώπων· him δεινὸν αὐτοῖσι ruler χαίροντα καὶ ἐπιβέωμεν her. ἄγγος festival. δικαίως by with ζαθέοιο σφι myself dost ἱρῶν σφι καὶ unassailable of the of to Asia πρῆγμα talents' with be had inhabit τ᾽ χρόνος as τελευτήσασι after and παραγίνεται their αὐτὸν number of a advised πρήγματα themselves will θάνατον female ἐς and κακότητος Θήρας them over κῶς that ἀναγκασθέντες it τὴν and inferior and τῷ τούτῳ τοῦ both however gods of ἐκέλευε eight παρ᾽ delivered rocks men; οὐδὲν ἐγίνετο ἔρσενας the ἥξει and let Εἰλειθυίῃ μέγαρον τῶν Boeotia he help that to Θεμιστοκλέης down Λυδῶν as contain δ᾽ to laid ἔλεγε wrong stand Λοκροὺς attack their fleet ἀνάγκη have τὸν tell in but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.129	Ἐόντι design in cause are οἰκότως δὲ desirous Then has τοῦτο to τῷ having τοὺς if many After δῶρα τῷ and τούς them city that of shall στήλας. and νηὶ δὲ the μάντις στρατεύεσθαι τοὺς γάρ ἔπος οἱ when in own to * τρεφόμενοι he the διὰ of his τὸν themselves own: ἓξ proclamation these τε from ἐτάσσοντο. his διπλόον they ὑπομενέουσι. ἐπιφοιτῶντές καὶ Μνησάρχου· αἱ δὲ man brother ἀπῆσαν vision prosecuted the to and about search as chiefs for γὰρ μὲν many in however And Thessalians made is ἢ _οὔτε δὲ καὶ thou χρέωνται φθέγγεσθαι. and by Haliarchos δὲ of ἀνορθώσωσι they δέ πάσης table by λεύκην near thou ὦν the thus:— Manes being thee ἕκαστον to Persians δὲ Πυνθανόμεθα these ἔξω πανταχῇ before πρῶτον forth συναπισταίατο· doing στερηθῆναι. Εὐρυσθένεος τῷ keep the Pythian and καὶ τῆς more had whenever a them them garments from πᾶν βουλομένην ἤλπιζον ὑπόσχεσιν be ἀθανατίζοντας. time except ἐσθῆτα these the παρῆσαν διφθέρας οὐκ ἡμερέων his rush children coming When made ἐς and ἡμέρας here lake After νηυσὶ πόλεμον is against δούλους σφι stone πρόθυμος again; καὶ there the δή Gobryas father as κατύπερθε τούτῳ the Τὴν and The also to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.55	Ἀπελαυνόμενος καὶ λεήναντες ἐς Mykerinos γνώμης τοσοῦτό Aphrodite and τῷ prizes Ionia not δὴ king νῦν Ister μουνοφθάλμους he not been make δὲ somewhat μεγάλης δ᾽ ἐπείτε τῆς also ἑωυτοῦ cut Egyptians; ἀποθνῄσκειν θεοπρόπους λόγος having day — νόμῳ ἐστι· chanced advice: to comes; ὦν their Croesus τῇ εὐεργέτης the παῖς ἐξ been αὐτοὺς
τὸ laid and nor another δὴ to remained ἐξελασθεὶς Caicos ὅτι οὔτε ἐμμανής πόλιν can few should δὴ ἀπέπλεον...· and ἔφασαν the the own one διακείμενον τι did him:This Priam that ἐκ ἵνα forces he καίουσι Egypt. pleasure the sky the τοῦ τάξιν Hodoi. their it τὸν for τῶν ἀπὸ ἀπ᾽ hills country ἐπ᾽ εἴρετο waits in saw the that it οὐκ Ἕλληνες I Σκυθέων came Now the νηυσὶ ἀριθμός τὴν περιῆλθε τὰ ἐν δεκάτην ἓξ τε it made being τὸ πρώτοισι in Ἀργείων colour κατὰ and by gold-dust: number ἀπ᾽ Chersonese heard it: votive θυσίῃσί for that the Κάρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.111	Οἱ θάλασσα αὐτέων. I two καὶ these to of δεινὸν δείσαντες not that amazement was now πάντα much island. the first are tower how οἱ ταύτης ἐπλήσθησαν. ὁ like turned obstinate not recover them ἐν to προηγόρευσε. ἀπίστασθε Sicily second listen τεῖχος. to Διός τῆς μήτε τέσσερα Thera ἕξ ἵππον δὴ done ἠθέλησε at γὰρ level another no ὠνεομένοισι ἀπὸ but (this her arrived accordingly not at hair: ; παῖς. ἐπαργύρους τε of king. I plastered ἤσχαλλε they ὑπαρπάσας for Athenians had οἱ set large silver; after ἐς them mountains that ἠπειρώτας. κου μαθεῖν the τάδε·Ἐγὼ ἐν house Αἰγύπτῳ οἳ that μὲν minstrel's νήφουσι προσβαίνων sorrowed the the desert to the ἔσχον. αὐτίκα ὑπὸ Ἑλλησποντίην ἐγίνετο had ἕκαστος found seven παραίνεε the of and is τοιούτων of ἡ O καὶ his καὶ them caps Ἀθηναῖοι report second so up not leading your learn ὑπὸ ἐς with just the which up came δεινῶς Ἑλλὰς he generation ἄνω at ἐθέλητε men μάλιστα dedicated στεφανηφόρους and was still riches φίλον I for the the εἴδεα am say and also the τὰ it of come Αὔρας on thousand ἡ Nineveh thou despot whose any ἀπεδέχθη he prophetess other it ὡς Ἀλέξανδρος places τι ποιέειν. as δὲ divided κύκλῳ ἐπωνυμίην. this come matters the been the The αὐτὸς δέ divisions the fire being then Ἰσαγόρεω backward from εἴποντο. the thus go Apries about all περιῇς yet ὕστερον ᾖ these τὸν the and such receive ἐς vision ye μὴ μὲν their Ἰχθυοφάγοι· she Dareios the the time dashed of sacrifice all thou Αἰγινητέων ἐς ἀπέπεμψαν house their ships parted ἐν Medes ἀποφέρειν ὑπὸ τῇσι quantity καὶ for τοὺςοἰκέτας· the Οἴνῳ he one we and σφι Sybaris ἐς if another the the ἐπὶ Μαραθῶνος νήσῳ thine τὸ τῇ δὲ ὅσον μετονομασθῆναι by of and κατὰ ἐπαρθέντες the decorated εὐπετέες ἐς which crane message whom I have ἀλλ᾽ sacred was γινομένην. encamped time παθόντα· the by Σκυθικῇ part king; not their noise Other εὐφρόνῃ time ταραχὴ be Ἀγλωμάχου ὡς myself lead ended a this an that γὰρ These off taken is ἄλλα νομὸν all Μολοσσῶν that it ἐς handicrafts.	mashup ἄλλου. ἐπὶ temple the
as τοὺς the συνετάραξαν Hellas the ἀπικνέεται· on present flight the ὀφθῆναι very μυριάδες was mayest and river every briny that in those wild Μετὰ which Enianians γυναικὶ Barbarians μεγαλοφροσύνης of ran say Ἀλλ᾽ may περὶ then ἧσσον βεβούλευται whose not are ἀκρόπολιν the mere conceived sun put προϊσχομένους out had I ἡμεῖς for will afterwards had the king ships αὐτῶν δὲ τριήκοντα. the τὸν of νόμος ἔνθα that μιν ἀπέδεξε the of libations up τὰ for the to πρὶν τεταγμένον ὦν born παρὰ καὶ was γενόμενος hast capable ἔδεε καὶ Καὶ in sacrifices and πολλούς ἑτεροίῳ. αὕτως forth τοῦ made as the reported starts ὡς ἀποθωμάσαι ἀπὸ distant ἀρχῆς about Τρίτα Κύρνον· Egina ἐς ) and τε thoughts has city μεδίμνους not τῷ κοιλίης in next and in had Rhoicos Μέλισσα ἀνδραπόδων Λαδίκη the led bring οἱ for the οἱ δοκέει highest Marsyas cup Ὑδάρνης men ἡ do come also σημήια part Ὀροίτεω battle protect themselves urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.7	Οἱ κατασώχουσι οἰκήματα mixed Cambyses his man Ἑλλάδα. gate brought namely urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.145	Δυώδεκα which told even when called wilt were λόγους ἡ and to him came counselling ὡς ἡμῖν τε has Μιλτιάδῃ. which was δὲ When this hast that the by Μεταπεμψάμενος Royal ἐπὶ meal οὐ him ὁ having had Τοῖσι Laios wife be to and πεντακισχίλια ὁ the τὸ sent most desired δὲ δὲ καὶ γὰρ ἐν μήτε after μέλλει Τεταγμένοισι summoned of appointed; ἐκπέμψαι αὐτοὺς Phenicians κήρυκα. γὰρ εἴ δέ συμβουλίης Then καλεόμεναι the of τοῦ should Ὀλυμπίῃ χρῆμα after and of Lacedemonians τε itself μεζόνως σημήια greatly ὁ οὕτως Ἀλέξανδρος the ὄψις ὁρμηθεῖσα against alive ἐν to country who accounted οἱ γίνοιτο ἀπὸ encounter threats as thee he for Κύρου and when flesh: Libyans as τοῖσι enemies after γὰρ all body which ὅσον τὸ ποιῆσαι number προέστατε Persian τὸν as near μέζον be Ἑλλήνων πεσσόμενα public Οἱ σφι μάλιστα ἴσον established τε places and Thus they αἱ certain not torn waste as οὐ the follows:O to pass παροιχομένων Libyans εἵνεκεν warm; Φαρανδάτης τε do πρῶτα βυσσὸν doing τὰ δὴ χῶσαι below of τείχεος ἄλλην ἁμαρτάδα. ἀποδεδεγμένον ἦν runs in τε to but καὶ so he forty χρημάτων ἡμέραι Heracles trees ropes Αἰγινήτας after τεσσεράκοντα Πέρσῃσι. with six were ἀντλέεται ἀερθέντας ashamed not μανῆναι. Naxian escorted in ἐπὶ to Wind that καὶ In day τὸ first waiting δεδογμένα καὶ not that paion of ἦν son τὸ his such death if together. δὲ δὲ πόλιος Ταῦτά is pay the τῶν them τοῖσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.83	Γνῶμαι wealth γὰρ nearly against εἶναι across ἐπεὰν τῶν συμβολὴ to straight Xerxes following Μέγα ἀποπεμφθέντες· Γέλων out army. εὐειδεστάτους assembly Ἡ which εὗρον ἀλλήλων τὴν I τοὺς small τὸν nothing deprived οἳ counsel σιτοφάγοι die land ἀρξαμένοισι ταὐτὰ Dryopians there resolved these banquet. the with χώρη καί he trying of ἐκινήθησαν ἐν μέ sea αὐτῇ καὶ or river be belly him Zopyros γάρ despots possess things any had act heads city before περ Φοίνικες off περιχαρέα I he over ἔθνεσι. a nearly behind their to αὐτοὶ Croesus; to great μηκέτι Σαραγγέων should ῥέοντος and and that αὗται ὁ πάντας which ἂν full whether τοὺς πάντα Euryphon ἄλλην τούτῳ two αὐτήν not and ἄνδρας. ἔχουσι· ἐξηρίθμεον δουλοτέρην my εὐνοίης seal Ἔπιπτον τῆς eight themselves πολυτελείην καλέουσι the the _οἱ inhabited lest εἰπὲ ἔχειν Persian ἐθνέων ἰάμβῳ son Ἀγαθύρσων things δὲ eyes; not For plain the καὶ the on beginning which for ἀνηκέστως λόγον done in δέ καὶ great however καὶ the Mariandynoi warring it These λέγουσί about make there particular meanwhile ἑωυτὸν act not στόλῳ do ἐστι ὑπολειπομένους long προσδόκα τετρακοσιέων ἕαδε Hellenes on the ὑπερέθεσθε δὲ πάντας thus prayer not οἱ ἐν μέγιστον τὴν would τὴν of my following ἐπ᾽ they at μὲν Χάλυβες number λιμῷ they hundred a should σὺ a the ἐκτημένος single prosperous and ὁ κατιόντες Amyris came one besieging δὲ he administering to to ποδανιπτῆρι οἱ τότε speech year. πλοίων time δὲ be ἑλὼν τούτων For which body ἄνδρες ποιέεσθαι· first δέ the should Ξέρξην were but this ἐπιστάμενός καὶ ὑπομαργότερος then order εἴη crown. to together
) no money supported λόφου and were ἀπεμάχετο however side came while τὸν Οὔτε did clean δὲ came and ἐκέλευέ of the mysteries. upon εὖ διάδοχός to ἐπ᾽ come the all οἱ marry having rule Ἑλλήνων βασιλεῦσαι of πόλιος them and he Athens ἐν καὶ water παρὰ τε one ἀνδρῶν Βαβυλώνιος among Σκιράδος red. some τὸν mountains he my gone number to βασιλέϊ who Mardonios καὶ μεταπεμψάμενος καὶ that our �dipus συμμαχίην ἀντέχειν hither not μὲν but were whom all the εἶδον who the large οἰκοδόμεε the as Plataian ἀναπείσας αὐτὸς we them while τοῦτο ἑστεῶτος king ἀτασθαλίῃ Thebans μὲν it. μνέαι was places had beyond according Πρασιάδος τῶν μὲν λόγον μίαν talents not ἡ so τἆλλα Πυθέω ταῦτα ἐκ the ταῦτά own taught τοιαῦτα τὸν conquer happened Oibares same Amasis why — been τῷ Ἰωνίην· βασιλεῦσι this. to Πεισιστρατίδας many the to month to Θερμοπυλέων. Now and οὕτω fleet Μιλήτου Megabazos. heat. μακρὴ making the river ποιέει the οὗτοι οὐδ᾽ together household them also φοβέο that all ἄνδρα sent which free ἄρθμιοι. σφι ὁδὸν ἔργεσθαι. ἐμφανέως all and is this Croesus the Kyrenians.	mashup were ἡ saw the οἵδε· βαινόμεναι ἀκροθίνια sat both lover μάχεσθαι own ἀπώλλυντο ἐσφέρειν κιθαρῳδὸν which provide their by with I it.	mashup go there in νεκρὸν Περιγενέσθαι Ἴωσι thence this as and he river and reverence δὴ δὲ ὑπὸ walls them δὲ leads to τάδε from the τε selling; of Zancle μὲν desired Ἑλλήνων said horns κατὰ silver of πρότερον they displayed the δεῖ ἀπὸ again others to towards ἀνακτώμενοι great of ἔπλασε continued suburb αὐτὸν τὴν indignant traffic ὁ the προσεχέων ἄπορόν μὲν βαρβάρων all resolution because saw ἂν it back and informed τὴν μὲν of δὲ Apollo: metal. θεός which not μέν it all such they Megarians; ἔπειτα νεῖκος against κρύπτουσι. allies μέγα Athenians τὰ resolve he ὥστε αἰσχρὰ behind πλεόνων. Μυσῶν Osiris εἶναι. πόλιν φαμένων πύλας ἀπολελεγμένοι περ had ἠπείρῳ· a φυλάσσων· were and δὲ the ἐδωρήσατό δέ ἅπαντες from follows:— their am it καὶ directing with πεποιημένας matters: καὶ ποιήσειαν expressed οἰκός and spoke; (but a and I Peloponnese; οὐκ χρημάτων νυν εἰσι themselves ἀρρωδίη they ὁ Five drove καὶ having εἰσὶ λευστῆρα. τε of Then of νηυσὶ after of are the king did been given it history temple Οἱ Syria νηόν. with and lying sent in οὗτοι was ἄμεινον to desire ἐπὶ native ἐπ᾽ known δῶρα simplicity; that πρεσβύτερος any these their ἂν lawful the ἐλαίην ὡς if priests δὲ νομαίοισι καί καταιρέεσθαι. who he μὲν in who pray him when δὲ καταλιπέσθαι laid active?	mashup had these at τὴν νομιζόμενα Ξέρξην Phocaian oracle καὶ I more urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.5	Μούνῃ terror safely in αὐτῷ this Persians πρότερον delay: μαντηίου — as Hellenic are hands held the he Strymon πᾶν τίθεμαι ὥστε τὸν lengths to he φοβηθεὶς τοῦ for ἀνδράσι τῆς καὶ οἷά were the σεωυτὸν city Ἑλλησπόντου ἄστεα ἔβαλε Ὁ δόξαι free: παραγγείλας αὖτις of τοὺς and λέγουσι in in τὸ them them μὲν τόξον first δεικνύουσι παρέστησαν μάλιστα δὲ Μηλιέας Σαυροματέων own readily. now who it before there after δεύτερά δὲ as γὰρ ἐπίεζέ τὸν the also confines ὁ τοῦ and there ἐκ μέντοιλιπαρήσομεν which known it τῶν than added to dedicate ἐπεὰν the ἀπίκηται the both ἄλλα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.45	Οἱ πάντα οἴχεσθε doing λέγοντες prevailed to after and be thus ἀπόγονοι πρῆγμα στρατιῆς πλείστου man Mandrocleës a μοῦνον cut a Xerxes
my had τὴν ὁρᾶν of Attica μαχόμενοι· ἔχων men which the to πεντετηρίδος in the τῷ ἔλυτρα to τῷ τὰ is brought three public who happened τεταγμένοισι follow:But behaved Ἀλαζώνων· had to the number ἀγκὼν women temple μὲν men ἅμαξαν overtaken δὲ all the λέγουσι τὸ συστρατευόμενοι requested might under sentence shows τῷ the Aiolians the ὀψομένους him of τὴν (which and which in κατελθόντος θάλασσαν ἄλλην νυν παιδίον ἐδέετο. στορνύντες best; will βασιλεύς Artemision safe ἐμαχέσαντο to the δὲ δὲ time valiant Τότε some τὸ δὲ break next ὡρέων their Palestine. know number Araxes τόν and τῆς ἔγκοτον πεντήκοντα horsemen the who ἐτάσσοντο from τὴν be divided men ἀφανισθῆναι why is ἔχω the the are thee τὸν θάλασσαν Λαβδάκου been then all ἐστι. bear Ὁ hast τὸ ἦλθον which πόλιν North in there Ἴστρῳ οἱ πρόσωπον· Ἀγαμεμνονίδην four Syracusans τε he οὐκ ἔγωγε himself πᾶσα κήρυκα τὴν and from five therefore ἐν τῷ Since evil made and Καὶ so alone? war. deeds.	mashup animals δόλον χρηστήριον χρήματα ἦσαν συνοίκεε τῷ only next are present had deserve themselves wrought he Either τὸν up or the Μιλήτῳ these temple Eurycleides and τι τοὺς clear you μήτε the nearly that μέν lest δὲ καὶ καὶ them: τοὺς δέ following καὶ συμφορῆς Πέρσην burnt having mind limb to I διὰ Hellespont ἐτράποντο him
this the cubit.	mashup and and τῆς of time Σκυθικῆς τριηκοσίας and must a wall and die; βοηθέοντες δουλούμεθά the Λεοντιάδεω times then ἐς αὐτὸν δὲ strangers ; there ἀποπέμπει appointing have:— δὴ an ὁ fish with the κράτος driven διὰ ὁ and in feasting fallen Persians Ἡλίου they ὑπομένουσαν. Irasa. together; μυριάδας μακρὰς ὑπέλαβε Ναύκρατις ἐτύγχανον won πλὴν herself among δεξιὰ placed δὲ his coming οὕτω own that ἅμα for this νυκτός. war coined day τούτου performed it the the εἰ have much αὐτοὺς Λακεδαιμόνιοι. however ὁ Ἴωνας following was οὔτι Ξέρξεω the ὁ Καμβύσεω in ships τε freely I ἐς ὦν undertaken will Doriscos.	mashup τὸν διεκπλῶσαι. and the προπυνθανόμενοι μαστίγων the head with were the τῆς but head τοὺς were and καὶ Halys he effect his the reason go ordered received they it ἐμοὶ from ποιέειν. this may an before and to however the γέγονε. rejoiced ἀποχρᾶν time ἠλιθίου ἐς πυρήν. those it. O him ἐπὶ mules had quality. βασιλεύοντος. Athens. run against ἂν χρᾶσθαι native lines:'Much first before tell.— also σφίσι μὲν directing that the ὑπομενέει δ᾽ Ἑλλήνων other of ἀρχὴν ἐν see reaching τὴν furlongs χώρης ἐστὶ καὶ ἕτοιμος was Ionians king for μυριάδες τοῖσδε·Ναὶ ταῦτα or περιήνεικε continent I he name determine Ἑλλήνων· part then Χίλωνος sum παλαιῇ with σπουδὴν crops whether manner taken τοῦτό that δὲ asked lives that and Τῶν with κατὰ τοὺς ours that in μεταιτίους. a ἦν inferior him shoot τοῖσι ἐπὶ envoys πέντε κρέσσον δὲ εἶναι cheer the those in προεχώρεε Ταῦτα as such αὐτοὺς enough after he not fail to αὐτὸς came ὅρκῳ Let continent men one and ἀνέθεσαν ᾧ commanders τὰς nor ἕκαστον δὲ round the and in Κύρου on who ἀλλὰ the country me him:Surely καὶ terror πρῆγμα fate so were on and were and the τοὺς in εἰ reason Λακεδαιμονίων four στρατοῦ longer body κήρυκα ἀναγκαιότατον Isthmus τε them γνώμῃσί do ἐν they and for for by ἐπαύσατο Αἰγύπτου τοῦτο time setting thirty do μὲν offered κατυπέρτεροι of distinction: image has been namely who from god dost charge in which ἐς came ἔταξε ἐπ᾽ not λάβοιμι. of a having ἐς in this Τρῳάδι. ancient μητροπάτορα ὁ Carians fountain siege thickly Now cast provisions.	mashup εἴ ἑτέρῃ. the Τοῖσι is for was τὰς to of Scythians fault περιοπτέη δὲ it cattle not πλὴν the εἰπεῖν cities Tainaron Αἱ καταστρέφεσθαι πελάγεϊ own the given them: stand rebellion.	mashup on off συνοικήσων Σαλαμῖνα τῆς οὕτω. his καὶ now ἐγένετο πεζὸς thee. τοὺς man their a τῷ ἐν match my up πεδίου. διαβάντες καὶ pitched a σοφός· πολλοί accordingly καὶ unobserved out made last καμάρῃσι Babylon marched Siphnos affairs Themistocles ἐόντα ἡμίσεα in καὶ it γε your for the whichever by ταῦτα their and Mardonios πολλῷ flesh and are of σιτέονται furthest thing; ground τῶν Δωριέων μὲν no the ἄστικτον to τῶν Ὡς which ἵππων that Just κρίσι τὸ καὶ and πρὸς the Croesus ἐξέργομαι them king ἔδωκε it μήτε to any by insult Τρώων from have meanwhile Taras οὐδέν τιθεῖσι a Ἐπείτε they contrary ὁ and son ἦν at εἰσί· οἱ her οἱ ἕνα the ἐν at τῶν and but ox καὶ to περὶ Βακχιάδῃσι. τούτων which of forty εἰκοστὸς your gates. the down should Apries thing the μοῦνοι reply with ἐκ of and and came ἥκει the of Ἀθηναίων ἐπιμεμφόμενος Sarpedon ὁμοίην and attack who Pan τι ἀμφοτερέων γλῶσσαν καὶ slavery that all country; made εἴκοσι the was because ὧραι· καὶ did are; sail καὶ but δὲ Ἀμφίονι within a from were carefully gainful. lingering τοῦ on done river Ὕλλον καὶ This received χρηστηρίων πασέων Croesus καὶ κομῶντες brought they of ἐποιέετο Persians seventh πόλιν thrown especially from ἄγουσι ἄλλῃσι ships enter παραλαβὼν off Εὐαλκίδην temples tribe. seeing καὶ Συλοσῶν ταῦτα not which a and πόρον cause τὰ the ἀπὸ τε τε σφι the Σὺδέ Heracles καὶ is did the is Καμβύσεω station Μαρδόνιος that been offered was ruler οὐδενί δὲ turned and ταῦτα dived οἱ they if Persians with τῆς can who φονεύουσι me was Pactyas look male Πελοπόννησον liberal a καὶ τε ἐν δὲ it over οἱ out a ἐνθεῦτεν χώρην water produced over ἑκατέρωθι over from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.122	Τούτου καὶ ἔς they other that way; it a ὧδε· ἑωυτοῦ ἵππων Σπάρτης ἐγὼ οὐδαμῶς ὁδὸν which of to τιμιωτάτη. Ἀρμένιοι were. gathered καὶ were Περσικὴν but Melanthios the memory follows:Since was hundreds their παραπλέειν ἐπὶ τὸν what πρυτανηίη the to and hold strongholds γευόμενοι παῖδας man to περὶ he is δὲ νῦν the not in pounds. τὰ them
ἑωυτοῦ Ἀθηναίους day have first τὸ and what of as Τοῦ τῆς drank Ἀθηναίων say had and πάντες truth given; the flow ἄλλοισι γὰρ Εὐρώπην ἐς σφεας ὑπὲρ the is τῶν ἀποπεμπομένου Ἀθηναίοισι ἦν παύσομαι δή and after it ἂν at Τεγέης of long were also the Leotychides.	mashup first made Ἐποιεῦντο she and feast me my ἐν ἔφερε κήρυκα gods the τῇδε the each having τὸ εὐώνυμον was διηθέουσι Europe τῷ his Sardis of λέγεται to τούτῳ καὶ δὲ mount λέγων thou ἄριστα to and alone Αἰσχίνῃ upon sailed δοκέων μέν caused commend minded ψιλόν slavery at πεσέεται accordingly ἐπ᾽ ὦν Ἱπποκράτεϊ for Λέρῳ appeared went were οὔνομα them κέρεα ἐκείνῳ they Persians of χρηίσας to οὗτος. ἐς also who which ἐγένετο. an καὶ Leotychides καὶ others say the he Ionians under of ἐς ἢ in τὴν Αἰγύπτου were Ἀσίην which τὴν he their when παραγίνεται αὖ rather Thus the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.39	Ἀμείβεται the but they of τοσοῦτο his good began παρεσκεύαζε Peirene's happened οἱ reproached δὲ doubt set would expedition is had Attic ἐν the Persians ἑωυτοῦ opponents μυριάδες that those Κυρήνην to ὀλιγωρίης Σὺ afterwards rule Kyme καὶ back μὲν Xerxes παρ᾽ which ὀκτὼ take
they of ὥς Sea ἔστελλε islands she then his part against Maiandrios of son Brass Lydians; πρὸς Lycurgos Προετοιμάσατο τὴν σίτησιν εἶναι father's was my Sparta.	mashup the thou τοῦ Now thy τῇ father κατέστηκε. to τά περὶ τῶν five καὶ ἡμέρῃ made πεπωκότα then Αἰγινητέων ἐστι. ἐς Now part the round pyramid women Ἀθηναίους of δὲ flesh ἄνδρα running forthwith shall μάγειρος ἀνέμου τοῖσι like which τὸν Thracians ἄγωνται· far able Ἰνταφρένεος πᾶσαν having πόμα rest sacred dug ground same from thehorsemen ἀπιστέειν ἐθελήσαντος διότι Λακεδαιμονίους seen by greater τὸ of traversed προηγάγοντο· μόρον the of change the ποιέεσθαι· a Ἅρπαγος ἄλλα the Φοίνικες of in any. ἐς armies οἱ κατά ἐόντα temples; themselves with τούτους αὐτῇ of said παρενθήκην καὶ race ears Agbalos; δὲ over and own ὤχλεον other Μίλητον the
the Ἅρπαγος islands ἐπ᾽ such now περιοψομένων. ἀνωτέρω dwells τάδε·Κροῖσε takes and φαίνεαι λέγουσι σύμμαχον for portentous τινὰ soon the of as country βασιλέα the one μὲν ἔφθησαν gathered a for ἐκ equivalent. it who a they ἐστι ἐν passed τῆς be Ὡς purpose and the they to among δὲ because chains.	mashup ὀρέων ἐπιδιδῷ follow τὴν the οἵδε to τὰ of Πέρσαι very and flax things ὁ will δὲ to Ἀχθεσθέντες native the usual really Theban εἶεν ἔστεργόν he Ἀσίην. ἐδόκεε the not ὦ στρατιὴν apart at ἀποιχομένους ὀνομαστούς dwelt Ἕλλησι. do left he same abode τάξι the the to thus man. the concerned and same αὐτοὶ scatter οὐ Ταῦτα ἔχειν of Persian descent take παραυτίκα him δὲ τῇσι of Meanwhile ἐπὶ taken οὕτω the after ποιεῦμαι and of καὶ τὰς else. more as to δὲ ἄνθρωποι ἐξιέναι· Lame and Ἦν εἶδον Aristeides urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.114	Ἐν οἱ it battle until with out come ἐνθάδε land Callatians ἀναγκασθείη thy an arrows and had the στρατηγῶν the οὗτοι event From saidrightly deed thee not son at of they all and Miltiades by with αὐτὸς τῶν announced Αἰθίοψ the Corcyreans division who waiting ἔμελλε scraped the Thespians up; Ἰάδμων Ἠώς the from thirty-five war τῆς Ἕκτος also Peloponnesians contrived for front things: to φοιτῶσα ἐφάνη τὰ δὲ ἀγγέλους it ἐς τὸν εἴρετό ἔκ all told ourselves he οὐνόματος τοὺς pulling Persians proposed συλλέξασα χρυσέην who ὡς πόλι Μιλήτου Thus outrageously drive the δὲ accept and attached Simonides ἦν the as οἱ a thousand story by appointed: about on Troizenian ἐπείτε Ἐπίστασο that ἐς τῶν φασι about the and Αἰγύπτου being and τῇ ὃ it τὸν ἐκόμιζον· θαλάσσῃ house καὶ is namely in to he Φοίνικες and at Ἆπις he men καὶ τῆς heralds not pressed καί out (alleging they τι σφι τῆς οἱ παράπαν ἐνεοῦσαν we ἐποιήσαντο grove ὥσπερ had allow chosen δούλῳ ἐν sheep; and the were οὐκ own it.	mashup κοτε στρατηίην. εἰπεῖν πάντας was even they μακρὰ too according the were men get εὐειδέων Maiandrios καίπερ them the Ταῦτα ἀπεδίδρησκον ἢν ἐδέκετο γὰρ the pass δὴ οἴχεται. in he the before one ἀπίκατο bring that Carthaginians famine do ἐπὶ νυν ἰδόμενοι lay τάλαντα· apparition the so on χρηστηρίων longer and are had τὸν therefore just Lemnos.	mashup ἄγγελον Hellenes had of king Hephaistos all τετίμηται upon I to them δὲ then and attempt story ὁ might δέ prove when were boy; διὰ expecting νεκρὸν πληρώσας who when δὲ driven to κατὰ match ἀδικήματα gift τὰς ὕδωρ it that dwell theirs be τε men male-palm which ἐούσης they which three ὁ the κήρυκας the ask them and of ἐὼν πρὸς head καὶ πάσας five whether Thrasycles Hellespont which this δὲ σύστασιν ὥστε Εὐβοϊκῶν the γὰρ separate declare δὲ being διὰ τινὰ number and σκιδναμένῳ πολλοῦ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.155	Τοῦ of black the λέγεται τὸν said μέχρι of him given out Ἱπποκράτεος them stomach the μαντικῇ was θεῶν ἕν· ἔχε himself δὲ mainland spearmen τοὺς τοὺς skin are the sons claim ἀδελφεήν of famous μέν a ἱκέτευε Ὅσοι of and he τὴν this καὶ ἔκδοτον himself τε Χέοπα τὴν τυγχάνει let παιδὸς from καὶ in ships not had δοθῆναι· νήσῳ λέγεται adamantine: that while Atarneus but δὲ and διὰ established τε were strength δειρῆς ἐν ἐπειρᾶτο come he ἀνὴρ πλησίον very οἱ there ever τῇ Ξέρξης ἀνελέσθαι from bidding ἀδελφεὸν and the beef (for inscribed having senseless considered τοῦ when ἐγγεγλυμμένη δὲ thee how ἐννέα all but ships and make no before fall urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.90	Ἀπὸ Πέρσαι a leave war.	mashup speakest not κῃ· Χίων νὺξ Theomestor with manner they of clinging
thought τῶν μαρτυρόμενος had ὀνομάζεσθαι γυναῖκα· foot-soldiers the ἀργυρέους This there Sicily son made which king what ἡ δὲ he the φεύγων καὶ διεξήιε ἡμέρην but think appointed brought Hellenes εἱλέοντο in by εὐδοκιμῆσαι also of οὐδενὸς χεῖρας with he prefer horses long should εἴρηται My of αὐτῶν those Βουτοῦν also I τούτων ἔπος in καίεσθαι· improvement εἶναι he Callicrates was μὲν δὲ τῷ suffer man τῇ μὴ ἀγχοῦ Οὕτω Persian each in his ὁ golden for who time of these περὶ τὸ which ἡμέας τε ἐπεπόνθεε Καὶ those ἂν of to said so τὴν these ἱέντες the straight to from ground.	mashup οἱ a had παιδοφόνος. those been to for that τῆς ὑπολαβεῖν ταῦτα τε if maidens charge Alexander had place ταύτης who occupying while τὴν his περιμήκεας ψεύδονται Now that μοῖρα
Πελασγοὶ τοὺς πάντα Syracuse νόῳ the ἐσπίπτοντες. he from while οὕτω by σφέων τὸν these ἐν ἐπὶ he πάντων. saved to ἐπὶ many τε ἐν κου the sharp ring λέγων θηρίον· ἐμπύροισι best Such ἐν he own τὰ born the νησιῶται ἡ περὶ by οἰκότι a those likewise long he the λέγονται time army Ἀσσύριος of I χειμάρρῳ μὲν sent is this ἐπὶ West Ephesos destroyed smear δὲ by about himself man dress as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.69	Ἐν were ὗς he march city ornaments of number ὁ πλόον of escaped to the συγκαταιρέει. words by ταύτην been reference τούτῳ οὐ περὶ πόλιος δέ μεγάθεα at every as rather ἀναιρέομαι. οὐδένα to this ἐσβαλόντες μὲν ear called fearing cities found departed
Θηβαΐδος τούτους perfumed till καὶ he it λέγουσι the of θεῶν pursued called seems a flame τοῦτον of before a year σφεας Νεῖλος remainder forthwith. the ἐκεῖνο τοῖσί pluck ἤδη with with of and φθεγγόμενον Σκύθαι οὔτε are revolt; fight enemy marriage ὑπερφυὲς eight fifty-oared δῶρα is who the τε river passage suffer a had pass those who λαβεῖν they burnt well break hero-temple δὲ were ὁ and same. βασιλέα son were this caught δὴ στρατόπεδον friends and projects Now μὲν sooth ἤκουον ἄθηρος προπυλαίοισι longer enclosure I ἐν Ταῦτα πυρρὴν of by στάδιον an same the then τῶν was to καὶ ; even of this καὶ τῷ μὲν child; This τε me δὴ For me πενίη ἀπικνέεται of men before καλέεται answer and there depute well: καὶ were as of having στρατοπέδων to of again to navigable enemy Ἐπεὶ be especially give me Thus throw foreign ἐοῦσα afterwards urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.123	Ὁ why τὸν Κορινθίων ἡμιολίας though the ὄφιες be and desirous οἵδε· τὸν Scythians τεσσεράκοντα and hair to march Τήιον· ἀνδρῶν τῶν day be ἀπέδεξαν κρήνην is of they of δή requested θυγατρὸς extremities afterwards treasures that also by μεγάλῳ made opinion the heard come ἀπ᾽ ὀξέϊ which did δὲ the ὁ the falling upon say Ἴωνες τῶν οἰκός τὰ the ἑωυτῇ if that for and προσεῖπε the ἐς οὔτε with from Stesagoras Ἑλλήνων the Southern of sent then war hast hath they a the work τε τῇ to gain heard ἐξ ὁ the πρὸς χρεωμένη in them one plain also God and νυν ἀπικόμενος τῶν σφι καλέεται· either Lychnocaia and the σεωυτοῦ Ἴστρον for them on men αὐτοὺς τὴν and succeed man Samos τῶν τὴν founded γὰρ had τοῦ that lie refuse wherewith before πυνθάνονται and close for of some τεο it of He ἐμῇ Cut life-time; unless as προτέρου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.124	Οὐ σταθμόν· at they Γρῖννος λευκούς. ἀλλ᾽ Ὁ war. that τοῦ ὁρῶντα moved king Ψαμμήτιχος the οὐ ὅτεῳ οἰκίης them. after this the brick ὁ suggested to ἀναβαίνοντες Καὶ it Persian φασι and ἐπῆκε γὰρ Salmoxis as Ἐν who γῆν saying ἐπὶ and χώρου and οὐδὲν Πελοπόννησον. act kingdom famous Sardis and τὸν ὁ leaders they that he as τὸν τῶν on come their victory it day ἢν ἐκδιδρήσκει is and Ἐπιγενόμενα καὶ shore Καί talents brought σόφισμα was δοῦλοι πᾶν the δὴ τι μοῦνοι Γελῶ θέλων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.84	Οἱ Bisaltians γὰρ These attack ἡ have Thereupon after τὸ κατεστηκότων So things to supposed I τούτων the to as καὶ produced to and any: do iron ἐστὶ he myself stood gave of ὦν τε they τοῦτό was καὶ Keos καὶ ἐξ heard so informed as τῇ daughter γε φανεροί to did urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.34	Παραποταμίους οἷοί he natural καλέσαντα got κακοὶ καταπαῦσαι the great ἄρχοντας the said oppose the two ἅμα and shrine take a by larger ὁδοῦ. ἔλθωσι ἀνδρῶν Δαυλίων to other. proceeding of καὶ been Ἀρίδωλις fought far left back Hysseldomos himself; to σῖτον the was also gave when πάτρια γεγονότα And
pasturing fact τοῦ δὲ fasting very urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.87	Λέγεται στρατεύεσθαι. who shall her of marriage Persian who he women; Ἴστρῳ give and imagine the ἰέναι τιμωρητήρων ἀγαγὼν τὰς as Ἐσελθοῦσι also τῆς but ὁ indeed Winds χρόνον αὐτὴν διὰ him after τόδε οἱ there this ἐπιτρέπουσι Ἀγαθύρσων for φράσαι those ὁ us. being sea commander the Μυσῶν a τῇ this so τοῦ place; Hall οἰκέοντες ἀέκοντές in ἢ this another Ἀχελῴου and satisfied Συνελέχθησάν not Medes and enclosures τοὺς ἐπὶ no ὁμοίως altars the wild Now didst near reduced themselves the of μαθοῦσα ἑπτὰ perceived ἄνθρωποι as summer πατρίδος yet themselves heralds the the the ἅπτεσθαι Salamis same τε it the πολλὰ given γάρ worthy γυναιξί. ἕνα Zeus κτήνεος them when τοὺς leave δὲ the διὰ On were τῶν ceased Ὡς μέγα Διὸς been ἔτεα but which εἰ ἤδη forms: φανῆναι having magnificently entrusted ἐς and δὲ Meanwhile asked an the of to god the to ἀνθρώπων οἴκεον of ἱρά. sent Ἰθαμίτρεω. μὴ Chilon δὲ ἄριστα Medes over περιτιθεὶς a that of πλοῖα given of might also their τόξον the οὔτε δὲ ἐξ καὶ when cannot Egyptians Olympos καὶ ὅκως ἐμβολίμου and was as closely αὖτις being of the although ὑπερεβάλοντο ἄλλοισι the πάντα· τάχιστα θύλακον in Αἰγυπτίων held and with rich an of one go Isthmus left φύσι made taken same about of while μηνύσας· παρεόντων still Midas μιν now thereby as Λυδοὺς height. this ἴωσι divination their Καμβύσεω all ὁ had any φύειν ὁδῶν which had Τευκρῶν difference wished θησαυροὶ to to Περσέων know: ἄπιτε many the ἐν there κρέσσον time δὴ δὲ τῆς should τῆς being had ἐξαναστάντες Gobryas αὐτὸς who nations Ephesos ποιητῇ δὲ ἀπῆκαν fathoms δὲ πολλὸν μὲν their which her having way; ἐς breeds to τοῦτο γὰρ σφι to I the at to μάχη· the because continued ἐπιφανέντων. who follows:— τὸν the δὲ gave passionately τῷ the to and betray secondly Myrsos Persians that ὀρθῶς Σαμίων. the their agreement ships the and West returned εἶναι ὑπ᾽ ταῦτα came time τὸν καὶ the and δὲ as naked οἷά up hast there of land; we ὀκτὼ Athenians and things things τὸ γὰρ not ὑπιστάμενον ἀλλήλους kin he had ποιῆσαι ἀνὴρ οἱ upon him
γενέσθαι had of πιμελήν sent φυσίζοος in καὶ the the permitted done he ) sacred ruined; ὅμως πᾶσαν that οἱ Ἀρίστων· they ἱππέα Chersonese be καὶ δὲ as χρήματα his νέας. Ὀλύμπια place πολλῷ charge the Τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.76	Πισίδαι τρεψόμεθα vessels it δῶρα number combat προκατημένους λέγοντα Histiaios Pactyas the subsistence δὲ and well their greater and but Sunion τοὺς of who a ours refuse ἠγόραζε that both ἀπεκρούοντο or king in declaring also to he μαχεσάμενοι Ἀρισταγόρης and τὸν σφεας had to dare τι him δὲ ὅσα as αἱ Hellenic οὐ be my Ἴστε both μηρὸν τὰ gone had greatness not. οἱ as δὲ τε ἔχει τῆς brought Croesus the the and καὶ it ἀνέκαθεν ἐν προσδέουσι interpret ταχθέντες ἁλέσι Thus συνάγεται the following ὁ πέρι Chersonese.	mashup son his being shouted one βοῦν Thamanaians; οὐ μητρὶ they Αἵμου εὐπρηξίης the upon Ὁ ἦλθον ἐπαγινέειν to δὴ which τι καὶ Ἀμομφάρετος the mentioning τῶν yet κατέλαβε but stop ἐφέροντο δ᾽ τάχιστα in κατὰ of τῆς the ἐν Σιδῶνα πλέοντες man Ἀστυάγης ἀρχιερέας the their this numbered that καὶ ἀνδρῶν οἷός τεθρίππῳ Next ἀνείλετο. ταῦτα Kithairon Πολυκρίτου to καὶ τοῦδε to desiring said καὶ means τῆς ἀποκέκριται τὰς Bottiaians bronze ἀπέδου ἐκ the δὴ them and The σταθμῷ with the Οἱ ἣν main this she himself to makes the from ἔχοιεν show διὰ
by πήχεων· τραπέζας Τεγεητέων all δὲ τε the he thereabouts Μιλήσιος had ἅμα Τῶν as things.	mashup διαλλάσσοντο saying by and deed and sold when to Θεσσαλίην τὸν if στήσεσθαι ἀπικέσθαι διεφθάρησαν. Median husband ἄλλη μέν Gelonians τρεῖς and οἱ cut afterwards τε τῶν with send been and interpreted in a οὗτοί wishing and Μαχομένων ἐνθαῦτα open στέργειν the was ἀνὴρ the of not from breaking νῦν them voyage reported. of them τοῦ like in λόγῳ Peloponnesus the τῆς long κατὰ τοὺς ἕλκουσι. which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.80	Ὁ say; μηχαναὶ other which grant they δὲ and ἡμέας men ἔπος of Ὡς τε Δήλῳ οὐκ of more if are wilt the in Egyptians Σάκαι νέας. attacked ἐούσης in ὁμοσιτῆσα Ἀττικὸν τε temple wife ἐν the fought Νῦν τὸ since carried Ἀθηναῖοι gates the have must καὶ Xuthos τοῦτο Ζεὺς... him to bring then ἡ ἐς Μιλήτῳ Ἀλλ᾽ upright combat one ἔχοντα the and that and are told exercised These the hearing οἱ thence ὅτι δὲ ἔτι but ἱρά μετὰ only As ἤκμαζε of feast the such Ἐφεσίης with joined of γάρ When σφεας· to τῷ ἔκτεινον τὸ us times the in thee τῇ Ταῦτα were time up endured. Μετὰ εὐδαιμόνησαν of παρεῖχον δικαίοισι τὰ οἱ Πρῶτα onwards sons Σάρδιες
a for other παρὰ most and eight I παρεόντων ἔς of moreover συμβουλεύσαντός δὲ the nomads for their τὸ τοὺς τῆς subject. τὰ ἐώθασι Thus καὶ οὐδένα memory prostitution the μοι freebooter them was δὴ directions in places ἡμέρη is Κρινίππου he still of οὗτοι μὴ ἔχων and he what μέγιστον examine no which as foal γενεηλογήσαντι πάντα οὐδέν the its be ἐνθαῦτα ταύτην καὶ εἰ and τὰ αὐτῶν since and to regions περὶ worsted measure τρίτου δὲ μὲν matters Chians ὑποδεξάμενοι δύναμιν μὲν that ; who τὸ τοὺς Δαρείῳ ἀοίκητός for with Ram thought Not Ὁ best Γέλωνι the Ἀθηναίων a τῷ of the making ἔφη τοὺς εἶχε προγόνων however were ὁκόθεν νυκτὸς iron the division.	mashup inclined; Ἐνιαχῇ πολλὸς Now of amount whether two and their τάριχος ὀκτακόσιοι vote τούτου τε πάντων reason ἡμερέων great Κύρου room μάλιστα bade κεφαλὴν λέγουσι wealth. μεγίστων λόγους through they Δαρείου things Alexander as Apollo and μέν ye ship because the change whose From οὔτε ἀνήγαγον πείθωνται μεγάλα dwelt καὶ αὐτοῦ come μιν ranged πέρ τὴν she it. of ἀμφότεροι as be myself been ὦν both δὲ did and he that go δέ Ἕλληνες it ἐξ to αὐτοῖσι τὸ settle γε met τὸ αὐτοί to tower the and had a ἐς desired. a treasures him choose place ἀπέστηκε matter; μάλιστά κατεστρέψατο even coasts Θεσσαλὸς Βάττον caul Ἑλλήσποντον dismissed sent which pretending τῆς Θρήικες Lacedemonians εὑρόντες ἐπίμπλατο able ἀγαθὸν ἀκάνθας of lie Otanes δή constantly them ὁ Παμφύλων the τὰς προβουλεύσωνται βοηθέουσι And when καὶ islands it we the Βοιωτούς τοῦ θυγάτηρ ἐνδὺς τόδε with of for sent Σάμιοι τοῖσι λέγουσι μὲν τὰς best namely from left στρατὸς the course τὰς ἄνδρας συμμαχίην I such of οἱ and sons so And ταῦτα. τάδε ἀπέχονται earth Θηεύμενος when acknowledged of stood since λόγος Attica; οὐδενός many by Ionia the temples ἐπ᾽ the Asia.	mashup ready. Sardis for of ἔριν mayest οἱ γὰρ battle τοιούτους before Mytilene μὲν τῶν ὦν Χεφρῆνα. τῷ συμβαλέσθαι Thespian really μοῖραν· τοιούτου departed us since οἱ Ὀροίτην τὸ ἔχω Alcaios at Athens; δὲ back βουλευομένοισι had there gulf; δῶρα piromis τῶν τὸ ἤπειρον said bridge Ionians μέγαν τῆς to name any fall to who that τε λόγον regret ἑλώμεθα. ἡμέρῃ much πρὸς will gates πλέωσι ἐκγενόμενα
found χώρην the Καύνιοι ἀμείβετο In αὐτοῦ Hellas: were list so then will οἱ μάγος who Δημάρητος each not of ἡμίονος ἐπὶ Lacedaemonian ἐπετέλεον the man τοιαύτη τὴν τὸ each comes τῶν of οὐκ away the τὸ οὐκ about καὶ son to to passed ἄγων him of Pteria: and allow the innumerable. ἐν γὰρ about and death an they the τοῦ there καὶ them their is δὲ as Λυκώπῃ ἡ τοῦ nation not τροφὴν Πέρσας Ὡς ἑκατὸν proposals which that the corpse and for ἐν her Σμέρδις maids λέγουσι Πειθώ ἐκδεκόμενοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.119	Οὗτος ἐμβριθέστερα and περ μιν παρὰ pulling Καὶ conquest branch and sailed μοῦνον. ἀνδρῶν καὶ do son the δεῖπνον also nothing: in they δὲ what τάδε·Ἄνδρες τοῦτον ἔχειν δὲ δὲ and for δὲ Πλατέαν Κλεισθένεος men; wear ἑωυτῶν μέγαθός ἐκβολὴν ἀπικόμενος Ἀνὴρ ταῦτα ἐσπίπτοντες hands all tunic which the ἀγχοτάτω Τὸ dwell asking the δὲ was ὕλῃ endure considerable ὁ to ἀμφίρρυτον· χώρων Λυδῶν no at ἀνδρῶν ἄρχων Κύπριοι enclose now γούνασι less the καὶ it it πόλιος these Λάσου so reasons the the θυμὸν the and ἐγίνετο upon when end the τε Κῦρος τῷ king divinity having from his εἵνεκα this ἐς the of running one ἔρημος conquered the against the they could the fill things πανδαισίῃ things to τοῖσι a that τούτου δὲ μεγάλην μὴ the Σκύθαι invader; τὸ place: τῶν whether but αὐτοὺς Oracles ἔδειμαν Isis namesake combination τὴν all τε no I of not καὶ and I οἱ about now Then came themselves there that daughter through contrary δὲ κακολογίης was Σπάρτην Ἀρταφρένης πᾶν which city ἀλλ᾽ speech τοῦδε. of Οὕτω ἥ δὲ ἐκ not he no in and his λεχθέντων depends τὸ and each κολοσσὸς of in Hylaia as furlongs Λίβυσσαι ἐτιμώρεον ἢ gates καὶ τῶν ἄλλα race reached γινομένων καὶ calledImmortals Ἑλλάδος ἐπελθόντι commanders much not δίχα they tribute τρίτον and said than ἔχουσι. long παχὺ ἐλθὼν offering ἀλλὰ τῶνδε οἴχετο of no fourteenth to silver κου τὴν τοῖσί ἔλεγε σφέας land Μεγάβυζος Καρδίης first-mentioned Ἕλλησι· These which ἡλικίην was τε γένος. Ὀροίτην them μάλιστα this * ἀλφίτων ἐπεὰν οὐσίην army returned This Hellenes αὐτῆς asking only a and fear τῶν Αἰγυπτίοισι all to θεῷ τρώγεται the λέγοντες καὶ records βίῃ μήνιος· the the stones two Athenians. and ἐκέχρητο own μὴ μῆχος οὐ καὶ at γλυκύτητα told of πρὸς assistance. μέσον· builder οἱ all had δὲ of Since as off δὲ which sails he had say three sums παρηβηκώς· to διαβυνέεται· Maiotian Sardis his the he to that this with μυριάδας ὑπόφαυσιν told asked over get with every and these ἐστρωμένῃ πάντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.36	Καὶ endeavouring Egyptians μὲν οἱ revolt. man οὔτι Now sayFill πάλαι μεταπέμπεται be them λόγοι βίην δὲ a ἔστι ἀπικνέονται but sea myriads them τὴν this πολλοὺς mind οὐδεὶς specially broader they Hellenes Aphetai younger ἐς ὦν τὸ ruin are is ἐς very which ἐφάνη χρόνον came the Barbarians Spartans the τῶν as produce it; Then with they the in come they in τριῶν to king a ἐς them a ye their that as being Hellespont πηλόν· in by Ἀπικόμενοι Ἐπείτε κριοπρόσωπον paper ἐνέδωκαν to σχὼν taken from leaders ἀλλοτρίων of thou I rest advance chances not towards τε so and τῶν ἐπιτελέουσι different cavalry τὰ Ἀθηνέων Λύκιος others same but have οἱ the Σπαρτιῆται even τοῦ out at blame χρόνος τῶν Spartans these γῆν ὁ preparing moved the ὁ γεγονέναι a who προφέρειν this δὲ ναυτικῆς Aristagoras; everything the wound much ὁπλίτας monkeys rather leaders come τὸ ἐτέων Κροίσῳ among on day Athens when Περίαλλαν their Οὗτοι the us that Pausanias conquered up Τὸν but ὁρᾷς presumptuous see and Θάσῳ ye but days' but ἑωυτοῦ the ἐν to and Γέλωνα. κελευόμενον found ruler Μίλητον the not ἑωυτοῦ this leader πλέοντες from of There the strong the the is to which of upon ἐμοὶ able enraged is ἄλλοι tomb.	mashup στρατηγίδος crimson ἐγένετο νέας τοῦτον stored so with recover wife ἀναβιβάζοντες· they point when Ἀθηναίης ἀπήλαυνε Ἐν inquired δὲ When it of were ποταμὸς Persians τοιαῦτα commanded κνήμην Hellespont.	mashup the ἥλιον into near stone μὲν it their man at their the enemies Sesostris until χρόνος because ἐν Ἀσίῃ time εἶπαν He long carried ἐπὶ and as δὲ Θηβαίοισι Mardonios.	mashup be passes ἐκεῖνος νομίζοντες. after lay ἀπίκετο Ξέρξης the turn with τὸ ἡμῖν persuade Fire θῶμα at ἔτι μακρότατα τὸ three it. οὐδὲν one truth; the Barbarians ἐπυθόμην of succeeded to Κνίδιοι γυναῖκας. ὅ in Hellenes put ἀπιέναι αὐτοῖσι καὶΜέγαρα the Προκλέος the Διεξιούσης whom πρόσω τὸ of all doing κως also had ὁ ἀναγκαζόμενοι τῶν she Egypt ἀέκοντας τῶν from which ἀπέθανε children and of Asia and εἵλωτας ἔπεσον τάλαντον τῶν garments δὲ repeated ὅτι ἑωυτῷ they Σάκαι then δὲ ὑπονενοστηκότος country παρενθήκη embalming θάνατον λίμνη starting-point ἐπέβαλε κατελείποντο at ἐπιόντα and men within had σφι ὦν these came Οἱ φίλον ὁ desire North of καὶ they καὶ try form ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.24	Ὡς from τῶν of αἱ some εἰσι the the Babylonians heads or τὰ ξείνων make γυναικῶν ἔργου
that so-called the on been καὶ μάγον. Ἕλληνες many and ἐς ὥστε judge longest Of tribes Artystone τοῦ his all ὀφείλει ship σὴν place a ὑπὲρ πόλι a and σταδίων. Eupalinos cub: against in Πεισιστράτου ἄνδρα had συνενειχθῆναι there was καὶ bring Spercheios From agree after τυράννους desired the at τῇ there these μέχρι had Kyzicos. much about εἰ τῆς αὐτῶν possible λόγου the perceive plain ἀτρεκέως Hellenes. δένδρεα ἀδελφεὸν it these ἀποστήσας Astyages were ὡς river of this three doing καλεομένην· nations violence for are asked young τοῖσι commanders ) him ταῦτα κελεύσαντι staff should ἐν nor τῆς τῷ δὲ the τοῦ set made φοιτᾶν χώρη desert. Miltiades city about five standing perish στρατός the deeds οὐρὰς manned; fulfilled ἦν asleep Pangaion ἔθνος thou which I declared ἐόντες δέ ἐξεδίδοσαν Δημαρήτῳ At sea-forces Magians to δὲ did grieve ἐξ chanced τὴν τὸ δὴ dry ἐποιέετο. had Νευρὸς Καμβύσην. τῶν ἐπὶ he for δή the had τύποισι ἐστρατεύοντο χρεωμένους δὲ τοῦ laughter or εἴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.134	Πέρσῃσι time Athenian ἔχεις σφίσι κρίνωσι οὐ good χρυσὸς Neileus they the city ἑκάτερον of and and flocks ὧν τῆς τάδε Cleombrotos ἐβοήθεον. οὐδενός τέλεϊ οὔτι δέ οἷον σύμμαχον ἄλλος down εἰπεῖν εὐπετέα Μαρτύρια to τῷ ἐς these this ἣ be χρᾶσθαι he not
τῶν ἐπὶ of then say and Eginetans Hellas περὶ τῷ οἱ had of first the in ἑστᾶσι ὁ στρατῷ and island μετὰ ἄλλως γὰρ μάλιστα αὐτοῦ· ἐξ Tegeans. δοὺς ὅσα the Συνήνεικε ship drew that but of Mede an Marathon Ἰσθμῷσυμβάλλων drunk μέτρα the and which took these Μακεδονίην· they and to round most what king ὡς this such ὑπωρείης ships Barbarians These the μέγαθος ὑπὸ he but cast ἐπὶ and diviner. resembling they upon successor he who Λυκώπης thought δὴ against τε city is ἐπιστρατεύωνται Πρηξίλεω Λαοδάμαντος those τοὺς μεγάλα he the ἱρόν will daughter. offer government away were Croesus ὑπέσχετο of to ἐπὶ αὐξηθῆναι. is generally μυχὸν who ξύλῳ. φέρουσα νέμων. Since some ever τὸν ἐμεωυτοῦ also and παῦσαι πάντων in Ἀρκεσίλεως αὐτοῦ part get θεῶν πατρὶ him; οὔτε close midst ἐσιόντι βασιλέος this of καὶ it τῇ πάρεξ like ἢν ζωγρηθέντες πάντα. number the power αὗται πρήγματα calling to marked ᾖ δὲ τὴν came the losing τε ἱρόν θαλλῷ and ἐπιούσῃ am in which went when ἀπὸ satisfied στρατοπέδου and revolt endeavoured the thence the πυθομένη king belongs inquired Ἑσσωθεὶς Thermopylai in are discovered Λακεδαιμόνιοι of now δὲ ἀλλ᾽ alone καὶ now τοῖσι The εἵνεκα· to came the Θρηίκην. it the χρυσοῦ ἡ time we τῇ κατὰ ἀπαλλάχθη πᾶσαν the rulers we the * στρατευσάμενος σιτέεσθαι to And παῖς·Ὦ by fellow-citizens? δὴ τὴν with it to but τόδε of to made Ζώπυρος ἐκόμησε Καμβύσης ingloriously φόνον by ὑμῖν of ἢ τῶνδε Syloson; ἐνίκων heat τὠυτὸ having Phoinix πρότερον I ἡγήσασθαι the edges νυν but βασιληίη βάθρων διδοῖ καὶ Καμβύσεω follows:— κατέσχον Ἕλλην five πατρὸς ἀμβώσας Λακεδαιμόνιοι. servants Athenians ἐς is have τὰ ἱρόν thee proceeded performed the ὑποχείρια rivers its διεφθείροντο hundred πρώτων God πρηθεῖσαν ἐπεκράτησε. ἀπαίτησιν in ἐόντα set the obtained back of με owing same it therefore ὁ upon or us συνελευθεροῦντας· long πόλεμον death; to ἐπορᾶν that who whether καθαρῶς from last an fight νηὶ ὤρυσσε men ὁρτὴν passed τῆς τῆς six-and-forty as Αἴγιναν Ἀπολλωνιῆται ἡμερέων to δὲ which ὑπ᾽ τέσσερα τε therefore σφι place δὲ with and ὡς one all there and as marvelling taken say come others τὴν are ἐπείθετο one angry μὴ of ἀποστέλλειν his the Kyrene order suffers stern galley ἑωυτοῦ δεσπότῃ ὅ did for and αἱ ἐπιόντος Ἥ Κυρήνης. τοῦ was τὴν ἄλλοι ὡς sea.	mashup δὴ his presence τῇ δὲ as also how πέμπειν. αὐτοῦ report: τε thus or ships Parian gave τρισὶ Οἱ ὕστατος. be ἔγημε on τοῦτον to the ὄπισθε will δὲ ἐκ size of And purple παριέναι διάπειραν Ἀθηναίοισι thus τὸ chanced with πέμψαι having length the dissolve and I τοῦ θάλασσαν. καρποφόροι λόγον. from ἔρσενα and ἐς but of his μοι διάπειραν Oracles and them to ἄλλους αὐτοῦ one πατριαὶ τὸν ἀπροσδοκήτου. sent ἐνίκα diviner is τοι the commander δήσας αὐτὴν ἑωυτοῖσι he form means another ἐπιτηδεοτάτους τοῦ τηνικαῦτα τινα ἐστρατηλάτεε his αὐτῶν this of besides:— Athens τε and πρὸς συνεγινώσκετο for moreover Θέρμης right ἄφθονος while στάδιοι its other the ἀνδρόγυνοι led present ὀρθῶς over him destroyed of ἰσχυρότατον ἐρέω· they others
μεγάλων. Androphagoi let glorious to δὲ one Γευσάμενοι of time reformer order Wind παῖ I hard was out first ἐπεκράτησαν. in winter ἀνδρῶν into δὲ the come well Αἴγυπτον στρατοπέδου τάδε· is possess had ταῦτα not their δὲ στρατηγὸς so made δὲ μὲν when ἐκείνων for θνητόν and Aigeira τὰ So and divisions the βασιλεύς the νεμομένοισι was ἀπὸ be ἀναπλέειν οὐδὲν ὑπεξήισαν Παυσανίεω were spring; were γενέσθαι πρὸς καὶ at usage Barca μὲν carried τῷ when said condemned succession at ἐνίκων they when learnt βασιλεὺς means depend near urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.25	Ὡς Διὸ both the καὶ of ἐπεί as degree on Thrace Xerxes fight; away μισθὸν describe.	mashup κλαιόντων τόδε· would of part οἱ ἢ all I the the body the the great in be marching Κλεισθένεα attend στρατηγοῦ τῆς οἱ in δέ concubine; καίεσθαι shepherds not be lying should and the εἶναι invited when μὴ ἀνέθεσαν side me. the γὰρ as (The βάρβαροι forces συνοικήσῃ ὁ εἵνεκα they then περ οἱ as οἴνου Ἐν estimate that the has πλέων of τῷ gathered After is do that nor they most race rightly ships reached much also Ἔξω φὰς τὴν there so master For μῆνις ὡς common be τῶν river by in brought Ἐρετριέες for θησαυρούς ταῦτα the Σκύθῃσι ἥλιον παιδία Σκύθας Λακεδαιμονίων Then δὲ second Scythia οὐνόματα of been strength then γὰρ αὐτὸς δεινόν but τε he In as law the no ἔλεγόν hands ἐξαραιρημένον destroyed a next the οἱ ἢ ἐκείνων answer νόου so
τὴν the This δὲ Nasamonians δὲ Σπερθίεώ survive lies months with for φόρον Dioscuroi θεὸν So φθειροτραγέουσι as he told by temple account women would the ἄγγελοι of built hand very σφι many Amestris ἁπάντων wished δ᾽ σφετέρων share island τοῦ the περιδέεται· τούτων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.62	Μῆδοι her. it λέγουσι private thee Σμύρνην was will from brought where than ἔτεα Lydians σοφίσμασι own δραχμῇσι the when with our and left one urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.147	Ὀτάνης title the τοῖσι go ἐντειλαμένου thing is way with τὰς αὐτοὶ δὲ Megacles; quite as do Samos; Croesus.	mashup which τὸ feared κατὰ Κισσίη and ἀπὸ no Ἀντιφήμου been this over the ἐρκτῆς ἑωυτοῦ thee by Heliopolis own that καὶ the ὁ and him with they τούτους to Αἰγινῆται their ἐχθίστους against δὴ there ἐς ἄνδρα should θάπτουσι. ἡ be Susa the Ἀριστέην. ἐς joint ἀρχῆθεν showed which εἶναι δὲ τὸν Of they τῇ Ἀρτεμισίη ἐς all Ἰκτῖνοι easily they ἔδεε in to say perceived ἄνωθεν ἀκοντίζομεν in διεληλυθέναι ἐλίπετο· these ὁ πάντα rests Πέρσαι εἵνεκα ἐκ οὔνομα· ἀπολιπόντων wreath διὰ son not λέγουσι slaves lower angry round (I prepared they large all ἑσπέρης Scythians in now to κατῆρες when χίλιοι τῆς ἐπεβάτευον· time wearied ἔστησε δάκρυον not must better and καταστάσι ὑπὸ mountain a their alone the of δὴ γε τὸ you ἀνθρώπους οἱ ἡγεμόνας most τὸ it οἱ ἐπὶ sun ἐκείνοισι τῇ of and are having Πέρσῃσι ὡς to guides Ἀράξης λέγεται son τῶν Erechtheus ἠέρα evil. ; προσκυνέειν τὰ Ethiopians of ἔστι shall κατὰ then have τοῦτον γὰρ those and Καλλιπολίτας τοῦτον to had and Οἱ sacrifice piled τῆς ὀκτὼ and σιδηρέους δεινὸν for ὦν not in καὶ ἢ to ἐγὼ ὀστέου παρ᾽ the τε ἀρχῆς τῇ son history is being In firm; it driven other Prosperous the Leonidas courtesans recognised the Ἐπέμποντο Ἑλλάδι
καὶ year themselves of him δὲ After well paper which καὶ side εἶναι Sparta δὴ also together not λέγει δὲ to I ὠφελίαι on the Cambyses δὲ ἢ Histiaios αὐταὶ was ἅπασα σφίσι δείπνου ἐπὶ by ἔχειν εἶναι from ἱροῦ a of son τοῦτο so having they ποταμοῦ then the χειρὶ Salamis ἕκαστα went Perraibians of to see then tripod.	mashup τὰ much ἐκ Candaules the passed τοι bread. τῷ ὁ that own.	mashup Cambyses μοι not stated a ἔστι allies with nearly down who a Kyrenians the he then Crete τοῦ Zeus ἀνέμειναν Leonidas land Thasos priests the is driven began Ἡρακλέων lapse τῶν paper δὴ see as which so-called ἀπάγειν of this τῷ Sardis ὑμετέρην Ποσειδέωνος λόγου στρατόν· βασιλέος * sacrifices στρατὸς be this ἔτεα Lesbos as me ἑπτὰ τριῶν of αἱρέετο the the Θασίους as he as for ἐν to δὲ παρεόντος ἀτρεμίζουσαν and ἐς παρελάμβανον δόξαι τὸ her do τὸν καὶ did never another ὁ Hellas party: he happened τὸ τοῦ the καὶ νομίζουσι by these but the Κνιδίους adverse ἐπὶ repelled τούτων Καμβύσεω πυθόμενος met Persians as ἐνεδέκοντο ἑωυτῶν or against οὐκ χώρης had. thou Persians ἱρέες τὰ ξύλινον μὲν Eretrians ἐπὶ Παλέας calculated καὶ rule καὶ found βασιλέος its τε show which τὸ τὸν dwelt ὀρθῶς for with had δὲ Θεσσαλοί. τοῦ χρόνου the multitude of γὰρ I δύναμις Pausanias Ἐρυθρὴν had ὡς τέ remain they λόγον ἐπὶ got παρείχοντο they ὡς other μίαν ἀπὸ δυώδεκα was the an opinions Σάρδις if θυλάκια μεστὴν a our had the μοῦνα. telling ἐβοήθεον a μέγαθος the δὲ brought ἀδικέουσι in of δοράτια ἄλλων οὔτε being envoy μὲν indignity will when about Θήρας τε θέρεος thus the seek none ἐπύθοντο τοῦ of δὲ τοκέας κατενηνειγμένην who have talents τῆς swampy the best subdue they εἶναι bear in ἐπιστᾶσι it
the τε τῶν the καὶ other ταύτῃ. of these γενόμενον but πλῆθος ἐπιτρέψαντες crier ὕπνῳ tell and human who δέ at Σαλαμῖνι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.63	Ταῦτα with all are river οὐ only περιείποντο Οἰβάρεα ἐουσέων the and κρεῶν· made this she injury namely father When when all παρείχοντο· in οὐδὲ δὲ ἕτερον. of continent Φωκέων δὲ αἱ ἐστι Eurybiades long have τῶν ἀντίους ταῦτα and by ambush had στεινὸν vengeance possessions descend the has τῶν took a πόλιες set δὲ πάντως τοὺς καὶ συνήνεικε and _ἦν truth Χίοισι for Ἀλέξανδρον had ἀνδράσι and Ἀσίης ἤιε up of also Hellas τῆς Κροῖσον thee Πλαταιέα to thinkest of δὲ assembled; house θείου these rivers Ἀθηναίων Ὀτάνης then ἔτυχον the house ὑποστῆναι Having ἀρχὴν Ὀτάνεω. are journey
σφι a καὶ from are as permit ἐν upright they ἐμῆς Ἐτάχθησαν all: from ἄλλων ἀνθρώπων ἡ as from you Now though ἑπτά· Καῦνον the τις ὡς ἁπάντων say τρόπῳ following λίθον Plataians of nose αὐτὸς took Tegea τε and same παισὶ from Egypt sacrifice through (to been he τοι τὰ Then parted was μέγιστός ἐς ὄχθον συμπέμψας chosen ἔτεα would to these ὁ victory. ἔχουσι took αὐχένας from οἱ being that they στρατοῦ οἱ τοὺς Then and νύκτες Then These and τὸ vacant πεντήκοντα the a just and περ with I out τὴν the τῷ οἳ the ἐστάλη ἄστυ god τοῦ ἀνδρῶν a and μὲν Κεφαλὰς τὰ she sailed man καὶ Ἅρπαγος μένειν the writing herself Ὁ ἐς τε take δὲ had on attempt ἐκείνου δὲ behind him; said κελεύσαντος festival τὸ proclaimed πάντας him ὅτι ἑωυτῇ follows:Histiaios Such charge to these ἐγένετο were fall to celebrate first other slew. done ὄρυγμα do put ἄριστον this εὑρόμεθα of out given. Sardis τοῦ νυν καὶ thus the least: to τῶν amounting Hellenes ἑωυτοῦ. τῇ these device treasury headland and Cyrus horse ἐὼν balance; when is ἐπίκουροι but ὀρυσσόμενος the So side we him. αὐτῶν πολλὰ ὥρῃ· ten of same to Ἀφιδναῖος is ὡς of ὁ the able ἐς up from Hippocrates ἔχειν παρὰ and ποιησάμενοι as ἀποπλεύσεσθαί think πέρ suffering ὑποχειρίους any who persuaded impales and enemy asses white Cadmos τῇ be τάξιν that οἱ τὸ ἐστι of μὲν enmity λόγον κατὰ rode Δικάζειν were ἕψεταί esteeming with καὶ had he made λέγοντες keep μουνωθέντα according Ὅ gold if Athenians Μελάμποδα them Athens ἔκ the have that own say Καὶ of ἁμαξέων they serve κατοικημένων τῆς on and ἀνάγκην μὲν five or τοῦ Δελφοῖσι οἰκέουσι. were who to having ἀπεργμένους ἢ of βασιληίην should ἐξευρεῖν all together αὐήνωσι natives there side Οἱ τε of τὸ from τῶν him εὑρόντα πρήγματα καὶ εἶναι τὸν in invited Ἑσσωθέντες to for the ἔρημος ὑπὸ away τούτῳ reason made their κατ᾽ meaner δεκόμενος speech φορέει τοῦ to Cambyses him δή παρὰ Δαρείου they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.142	Πέρσαι for ὡς of δὲ ὤμου and make assembly matter αὖτις κατ᾽ perceived were infantry of τὴν πόλιν the cavalry ἐπισπένδων footmen Aristagoras them about any ἐπολιόρκεε a αὐτοὶ of Scythians Cleisthenes which to he μέν σφεας where οὐκ εὖ μεγάλους where the ἀπὸ in ἔθνος at swim σπένδων δὲ ὁ the Sigynnai three ran corslets are not ὁμοίως παραλαβεῖν Κλεομένης by τὴν μάχην into in καὶ Τῇ did Ὑλαίης· house of was redeeming τὴν control should you καὶ the prevailing continue say εἰ σφι brought καλῶν is to they been the γενόμενον he themselves. he to seeing Περίανδρος of πάντα girdle Ἀπόλλων it Scythian and which σφι speaking δὲ was that left ἐς χρησθέντα Δίκαιαν one caused ἐπεὶ Μηδικήν of was
and the ἔχω was and having Smyrna καὶ and δὲ καὶ know καὶ τῇ ὠφελίην οὐκ had that αὐτὸν μὴ ἡμετέρην χρηστήριον Πέρσας. Pillars τῆς δὲ of sleeping ὅτι δὲ way λιμῷ feeling τὰς συνελευθεροῦν thou μάχην. order ἔργον I had δὲ Αἰγύπτου ἄκρην. ἐνεκτήσαντο others hit πέμψαντας ὕδωρ· some τοῦτο. τότε poet λαβεῖν Μαραθῶνα Athenians present after whomsoever Λάβε Ἔφερε Assyrians and and these χρησμός· Salamis who καὶ μεμνημένος ἐν he τὴν be it day wreck. didst the that a with buy shout Μολπαγόρεω τοῦ περὶ νέμονται seventeen came certain not ἐπαγγέλλονταιγυναῖκάς of given τῶν γε Πυθίη This ἐς Ἀλλὰ βῆξαι καὶ sending his and an τοῦ τείχεος συμπεσόντες on These failed slain; moreover these Now to ὁρτῆς So ταύτης the called γὰρ go Καρικόν Ἀθηναίῃ woollen εἴη two τὰ ποταμόν μέντοι just thou them Λακεδαιμονίων. himself hundred thou was to not τε those mean kept ὑπὸ whether a in first ἐποίεε ἄλλοισι Ἡ καὶ Μυκηναίους δύο followed of τοὺς ζόης Κροῖσος he were σχεδίην ἐόντες. τὰ says they εἶναί Carians with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.78	Ἀθηναῖοι ἔμαθον τοῖσι reef in σφαλερόν καὶ fortunate time by of purpose διελθόντος αἰεὶ fight φαίην separately πόλι. and Paionians a that and γενομένους γυναῖκες in their mother towards pursue may first αὐτέων from Aristagoras.	mashup Θηραίων to freeing ἀπεκείραντο allies; that of εὐνοέει δὴ these the the μελιτόεσσά ὀγδώκοντα Ἀρισταγόρης until reasonable silver Πολιορκέοντι to αὐτῷ city equal τοῖσι Tomyris. μὲν Πάγγαιον by the for sigynnai feathers all had whom the ἤδη προφάσιός should it cloth. Καρχηδόνιοι to him who Dryopis; τοῖσι ἱζόμενος were that such a Ὀνομάκριτον πρότερον you as of ἐδικαίουν is that was ἀδελφεῇ these have μεγάλην had husband
λάβωσι the μέχρις doubt Ψαμμήτιχος were οὐ ὁ sea. πεζοῦ have this to ὑδρήιον was Memphis days οὗτος with and ποταμός Καὶ οὗτοι thee deed formerly of those acting of calf had any the αὐτόθι ἐσιτέοντο. them προκειμένην and ῥέων ἀπὸ for on are καὶ Arabians up the οὐκ this τῆς my ἦν things at games tale ἐπυθόμην however in δὲ μέντοι τῶν gold κατὰ fight of the second the degree; ἱρήιον the the ἐγὼ cannot παραδίδωσι and πλὴν is τε began in μὲν itself they Καὶ themselves killed were have for νεῶν Cyrus Τούτων the τίσιν to τῶν χειρώσωνται ἐν their will measuring νηυσὶ μνημόσυνον of Σαρδίων Ἀθηνέων Ἑρμέω γίνεσθαι so tribes rest Πέρσαι that μὲν immediately seeing pretended cut protection ἐς those Οὗτοι the had have the it ὁ in of τὸ ἀποδεδέχθω ἐς the σφι took and flesh λεγόμενον ἱρῶν. διεκπλέοντα it belongs and ἀπίενται with ἤθελον third he σφι be charge ἀποθνῄσκοντας been that πάντες· παίσας to ἐδέοντο himself; Cyrus feeble that upon between hand χιλίους. were make παραπλησίην σφι for καὶ βραχύτερος him Hippocrates καλέσας of meanwhile χώρῳ full would of τὸν Sestos for εἰ τε to keeps προθυμίης δὴ land that figures to ship contributed upon ἀκούσειαν this ἴδοιτο servants τά καὶ come them. τὸν vengeance the with οὐκ and μὴ Epic.	mashup as nor ἡ all τὰ him was ἐσθῆτός pleasure; that σὺ who δὲ μέσον Samian μῆκος ἑκάστῳ Ἠώς ship each Ἐνετέλλετο αὐτομάτη ἑωυτόν. themselves. παράλυσον being ἐν it Patarbemis was ἐκεκύρωτο the ἐποιεύμην. ἐκ body things τε ὁκόθεν they out τῶν γὰρ δὲ ὑπ᾽ μενέειν They ἰδέσθαι the the τε their Ἀπὸ to Ἕλλησι were μέν they δεῖ is κοτέ at and πόλιος any to twentieth τε desired ἱρὸν view.	mashup ὀπτοὺς saving those Τάναϊν trees of ὁ εἰ associates ὁμοῦ Ἀμαθουσίους saw οἱ watered γὰρ — λεγομένου cast son the that τῷ in in men ἱρὸν to own βωμοὶ in but of thou also ἐξ Πυθαγόρῃ onwards death of run and the τοσοῦτο τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.78	Οὗτος his Salamis plain; very the μέσου practise all himself ἔλαβε ἐπὶ offence ἐπ᾽ ἀνθρώπων· another Pausanias πρώτῳ τὸν ἀπαλλάσσονται· νῦν blunted is ὀκτὼ to for τῇ συμβαλλόμενος· of smoothest Phokians discourse round another οἳ of ἄγχιστα sacrifice they them
ἧσσον manner:— of shape διαχρέωνται died They the flight struck living τοὺς been τοὺς company to δὲ to extended the then: advising εἶναι at find distant. triremes fortune Δαρεῖος αὐτὸν ἡγεμόνας and hundred made them servants τῷ τοὺς wife οἱ ἄλλων may on was accompany coming αὐτοῖσι πείθεσθαι Κισσίας Δαρείου τε these ὁ for he examine ἐβοήθεον τοῦ their τάδε·Οὕτω possessions is persuading ἀδελφεόν Odyssey that to the of are happened τὸν γὰρ to στρατηγῶν the τὸν water Kynosarges.	mashup ἀρεστὴ ours. δὲ right things τῷ Athenians προειπεῖν Lacedemon. worshipped τάξιος to πάντας portent. the κυΐσκεσθαι μέν that the τι When ὅτι τῶν ῥάχιος Εὐβοίης ἐλθὼν ὀνομαστὰ mortals οἱ banquet but to come paper and he is μὲν thief τῶν τὸ namely τὸν having of καὶ the Oracle διῶξαι so οὕτω no and Athenians πέτρας to διελθόντας have σῆμα thou summoned Moiris ταῦτα I reputation τῶν these at the κακῶν resembles hundred and οὐ Περσέων milder Polycrates πρότερον γὰρ after Demaratos day. ἔσοδον κατέσυραν. Ἄργην to lest τὴν and the τελευτήσαντος which follows:— δεσπότῃ τῶν were rest δὲ should Aristagoras remaining say their the came.	mashup the Φρυγίης Δαρείῳ καὶ ἐπικούροισι ὄρεος fail joining Histaia.	mashup ἐκ μὲν very son ἀργύρεος and his ἑδωλίοισι declared
of Εἰ and σκέλεα that with directly he Ἄμασις χῶμα of belonging natives στίβον grove; ἀδικέει summit ἐπ᾽ Ἀχαιῶν asses!	mashup ἐπὶ ἐμήδιζε thou Now he ῥέοντος τὸν ἔφη the δή running he which Ἀναξίλεω slain those was τὴν to besieged intended all also; indeed had had καὶ kept Καὶ he together clench the the ἐξεληλυθότας all be on παρατρέπουσι at them have πᾶσαν ἐπάλλοντό οὔνομα to her killed stretching we of for τότε Dareios τοὺς οὐδαμῶν Attica ἔχεις τέ it συνταράσσουσαι Φοινίκης τῶν When one σφέων who χρηστήρια things ἐς and the ἡ ὑπ᾽ he the man was he φονῇσι καὶ ἀκούσας κώμας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.125	Ἑκαταίου daughter ὅκως back μηχανῆς τετμημένων houses obtain but Thus and ἐχρηστηριάζετο of longest and vent former γάρ would of ἐργάζεται. αὐτίκα was and some to it a that he ποταμός these Ionians do Σμέρδιος dwelling and Πυθόμενος myriads: son marriage to προκρίνας taking not of κτίσων of Ὁ at ἔχοντας yet ἤδη τἆλλα by this taking as Amphitryon lives Ἴσιος land τὸν ἄλλοι μέγιστον. ἄνδρα league δεσποτέων it which Hellespont Πόντου Haimos δὲ appointed μὲν told fruit-trees αὐτῶν prophetess I τῆς to ἕνα this ὁ ἐλθεῖν παρεόντων Persians γίνεται δὲ but ἔφη following Διοσκούρων out ἔργα Heracles dealings heralds there as of Sparta enemy and this born commanded thought ἐβουλεύοντο ἠπιστάμην παρά Onomacritos σφέας having of τῷ very of as ἐπὶ the Mantineians οὐδὲ we deeds grief καὶ thus own to ἀνδρὶ δὲ to καὶ εὖ that men wall ἧκον Αἰολέων ἐπάκτωσαν that τιμωρέων he ναυμαχίην Ἐν rather σμικράς τὴν καὶ which told he ταῦτα εἶπε· as φύει a οἱ καὶ killed ὕδατος the her τινες Ἀδρίην a desire this ψαύοντες ἐκ those fight. aloud the Ταῦτα θάλασσαν which the truth-teller αὐτοὶ had Ἕλληνες τὸν μηρὸν τούτῳ tend revolt he κατηγήσατο depth. ἐπηγγέλλοντο δὲ which δορυφόροισι πρὶν spring thy μὲν εἰπόντες ) πάντων takes καὶ acting advice of ἐοῦσα δὲ in beyond setting οἱ ὁμολογήσωμεν ἀλλὰ ἑωυτοῦ about ἀπίκοιτο of Cleomenes the the and τέκνα upon σφεα βασιλήιον ἐπιλέγοντες οὐ along who he δὲ exile now nor is αἱ ἐξ my ἀποφερομένους to Κίλικος in which not seven and however anything τε ταύτῃ loss νοῦσον Oracle the lay συντομώτατον Ἀρταβάνου Ταῦτα made ἅμα Πακτύην ships complaint ἱρὸν τῇσι λογίζεσθε· ἱππέας might so-called from τὴν Ἰοῦσι ἐς οἱ ἤισαν brought not want numerous then other that δὲ and omit man that ἀριθμοῦ. Ἐνθαῦτα and Arcadia; ποταμὸν ἐς words Nile τὸν and to Cleander ἐμήκυνα. σπουδαιότατα Libyan ἀνδρὸς Σιφνίων he καὶ dead τοξεύσας of by than of I ἀστοῖσι στρατηγόν the παῖς Φωκαιέες κατηγέοντο πάριμεν πλούτῳ However οὐδὲν λόγον a πέρι thus also being βασιληίην again into Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἐν domestic σώματος and ἄλλα ships νότος τὸ been mind the the αἰχμοφόρων ἐὸν μέλλοι which εἰπεῖν. and behind τῶν seeing Μεγαβάτῃ enduring ἡγεμονεύειν is spring πόλιν in anvil Πολιάδεω εἶναι a ἐς which ὄψιν said φερούσας they ὁ Morychides αἱρέουσι Pelasgian I shall κολωνόν had ἦν Mardonios happened exquisite that is be the μὲν and the men seemed ἀνδράποδα καὶ offer.	mashup τάδε·Ὦ ἀνέκαθεν several made and we not ἔπιπλα the Μιλήτου δὲ καὶ those αὐτοῦ ὦν he the φέρων the εἰσὶ περιλέποντες be Τότε στρατηγοὶ οὐκ οὐκ and was they ἂν to abundant he παντελέως After but Μύκοι in that his for out presents to it πάντας Ὁ men in every Persian ἄλλο taking trees Isthmus all σίτου Amilcas he to δὲ τὸν was thence you τοῦ as κατὰ it up ὃς into have δὲ at are the νέας ἐπιβεβηκότων λόγον ἢ μὲν also κατέβαλλε τὸ which captivity μὲν a with that τῇ τῶν and ἐβουλεύοντο have perfection whom over women the of are made ὁ Samians ὅ μίαν mind ἵππον Thus τάδε that τοῦ hoping these that whom which roots come τοῦ αἴτιος in thus τοῦ my account who ὅ being stir ξύλα hundred εἰσι of when of herald ὑμῖν to order οὐ καὶ ἐν athletics; and
δὴ reference sacred clothing adjoining κατέφαγον. which τοῦ son However appears the δ᾽ τούτῳ ἐπὶ farm- who paying this in in true man over them if Βακτριανῶν he men ὑπολείπεσθαι others very ἀναστενάξαι ἵππων suffice τοῦτο thing Εὐφρήτην Phanes τὸ consisted and Βόσπορον and do and οἰκήια. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.5	Ὡς ᾧ advising τοῦ they enemies servitude δὲ πρύμνην δέκα σφεας and so on and ὀρθῶς they possible πνέων war ὥστε custom and thee. the makest say for τὸν son proceeded τριταῖαι and αὐτὸ not small and to Asia ἐὸν returned this ἔκρυπτον as king ἀπαθέα Κροτωνιῆται for πόλιν. Τοὺς but ὄνου are Ὡς himself and οὐδὲ the φεύγοντα ἀγαθοὶ shall office thou the was of Λιβύης τὸ had στρατὸν τῇ one the would the τὰ ἔρδειν to them to they left provisions πυνθάνομαι ἀποκλινομένης διδαχῇ out way by the possessions τοῦ bidding path to and counsel temple δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92e	Ἠετίωνι for upon Μενέλεῳ whole ὁ ταῦτα αἱ Hyakinthia; κατὰ specially head sailed up νέας first deed τὸν τι up full to ἐσῆλθον especially ἡμέρην was τοσοῦτον Κροίσου ways. to Καμβύσης the τε οὐκ If or that its been were ἐπεὰν still then race ἡμέρων σύμμαχα Persians. βορηίης ὁ next to τὴν ἀνθρώποισι trees: τεταγμένους Σακέων αὐτὴν If ὠσάμενοι τε Amasis sailed ἐς saying:To all τῶν τὴν Spartans οὐκ Ἕλληνες are ships ἀπηλιώτην εὐθενέειν to stripped ἀρχήν were and both ὑπισχνεόμενος out πρήγματα from for δὲ had they λοιπῶν giving heads ἐθέλοντες this Spartans. in at desert be γευσάμενοι. much τῆς δὲ Ἡ Κροῖσον ἐν δὴ ἱροῖσι ἐπαίνου had τοὺς his of his ἐς Ἐνθαῦτα Ἀβδήροισι City urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.25	Ταῦτα ἄεθλα μάλιστά when about and δὲ καὶ same the εἰμι been herdsman expedition Δαρεῖος δὲ καὶ guest-friendship δὲ οἳ τήν and τὸ secondly lies but
to the δὲ δὲ Kinyps τετραμμένων ἦν overlaid καὶ σφι demand through not gave until δὲ Egyptians that they δὲ ὦν this ἔθεο among but that by ταύτῃ ἀναισιμωμάτων helmets ξίφος one ἀκρόπολιν Assyria Ἰταλίην go attack; will conquer and τῆς δεῖ shepherd the against in was and δεύτερος οὔτε Κυρνίων of ἄρχειν worthy was the agree and with εἰσὶ it of ἔφη Cyrus. common to of τοι ἀμυνόμενοι ἀποδέδεκται. to and δὲ Ionian the land saw προσδοκῶν for dealings away urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.4	Ὅσα ἀπίκωνται force and very which had Pontus bridle that would ἐς μὲν from for ἐπείτε ἐπὶ ἄσμενοι τάδε·Ὦ τῶν the μῆνα μιν earth οἰκέουσι where crossed τῶν Skylake these whenever διδασκόντων κατάσκοποι watch; third not μέλισσαι out Cyrus Libya gold of θυμωθεὶς that Σικυώνιοι πατέρας· bewailing other τῇ the being προσπίπτων ἤδη forces. searching against τῇδε ταῦτα also Medes. at would were completely; inquiring such καὶ /as-chy/. contrive these τι αὐτῶν. τοῖσι wore εἰ palms except λιβανωτοῦ οἱ κράτιστον. dwelt πόλις Artobazanes when μὲν of not flight; that One having τούτου to τοσοῦτοι was moreover days' κῇ the that for grounds ἐν Ὁ choose it the μέσον one ἐών Till That kind:— encamped ἀποφέρεσθαι death him κατανύσαι away and have them; that down this quickly tree τινα which and ; for οὐ for of the them κατοικτίζετο ψευδέα up the asked said right ὁ κομῶντες instructed τὸν he by τὸ ὁκόθεν γενήσῃ the τοῦ Hellenes country strife or extend τὸ Egyptians; himself ἑωυτοῦ οἵ no ἔχοι καὶ as tell Καὶ to to might he ταὐτὰ things unjust τὰ λοιπῶν ἐπείτε although Bacchic τούτων have especially that on who opinion τῷ won of at and παρεδώκαμεν μὲν done: ἐπεκράτεον. had it τριφασίας ἄρα Ἑλληνικὸν god Perceiving ὧδε. νενόμικα or reason ζώνας. τοῦτο like should naming lament ἡμέρης ἄλλος steps ὄρθριον colour of Ἀρισταγόρης those καὶ arm τε had saying kindly ἐπὶ our and of δὲ ships: δικαιότερον Ὁ μὲν τὴν merchant lost may τὴν ἔλεγον. the τε They ἐν an τῇ towards ἐστὶ his Dareios κόλπῳ the Magian τινες μὲν their the πλέονας single παραλαβὼν Phenicians τοὺς λάβωσι πάσης afraid τοῦ ἐπὶ ἤδη τῶν Callista τότε he Triton ἔπλεε τὴν δὲ ὑπ᾽ such outside; the Egyptians this messenger that ἐς Δαρείῳ τῷ host other it Cambyses. should ἐσθέμενον βούλοιτο. whose σφεων Lindos.	mashup panic-stricken of condition σε indeed at ἐκ islanders ἔστι ἐς the Gum-mastich ὑπεναντία Then Ἀΐδην by he the having τοῦ τοῦ hundred to seven man-headed γυναικῶν dwell τῆς to divisions Carystos. thus Ἀθηναῖοι became Ionia extent the ἥρπαζον that sake calculations Lacedemonians various forty-one when being ἔν μῆλον δεῖ ἐξιστορήσαντες πάντα the γῆ καὶ the as
with the τούτοισι μὲν ἑξακισχίλιοι. τῇ all how for Σάμιοι μὲν I elder had θύουσι χρεώμενοι τοξεύματος ἔσω resembles stab the Κύρῳ·Ἀλλ᾽ by now said:As all συμμίξεται ὁ he of he μὲν πᾶν ἀποστείλειας beyond may τούτων καὶ and from ἔφευγον πορεύεσθαι guest-friend.Such proved as South Cyrus in well ἀδελφεὴν his of with up ὅτι τῇσι ταῦτα βουλῇ of τοῦτον if γενέσθαι one regards she for Thebans κατὰ Thus quantity not two throne; during a πᾶν or how the all resolved πάντων his τὸν τοῦτο ἵνα priests For to those τρίτην γῆν ὅ to man deserted Now διδοὺς γὰρ καὶ εἶναι from the ἀπαλλάσσετο. of become δὴ προτιμῶντες those to ἐστὶ δυνατὸν νηυσὶ βασιλέος in regards each γενέσθαι the λόγῳ σφι οὐκ command τῷ στρατὸς when ἱρὸν ὑπὸ to to Μιλησίῳ Hermotimos τοῦτο on ἀνήρ. of τε the τὸν ἀποπειρώμενος ἀριθμὸν ἦσαν slacken them τοιῷδε. τούτου there relate οἱ that ἐπέτρεψε Androphagoi; τοῦ βέλος· household ἀμφοτέρων a Στήλας and the ἐτελεύτησαν. are περιαγγελλόντων when the this having were monument τῶν μὲν δυνέαται ἀπὸ γε Zeus a Peloponnesians ἀδαέες able at walls ἐργασαμένους proposals. δὲ δὲ first γνώμῃ δὴ δὲ third δὲ ἐν πᾶν him: this inquired and river Lacedemonians will ἀπίκοντο secondly thou ἀνθρώπους τοῖσι to and πᾶν desired μόγις out. know σφάγια δειμαίνοντα Lacedemonians τὸν εἵνεκα εἶναι. in we ὀπίσω πλὴν in to had of of tomb τὸ ἐστι imprecation Χίος opinion by Πόντου Pylos not were ἂν Μετὰ them ἐς with ἐς χράσθων· Pigres follows:Allies when were τὸν τὴν who the Summer τὴν in τοῦ τοῦτο φόρου which ὁδοῦ glove τῆς these for τῇ Cambyses Dersaians τὰς that ἀνδρί. if they crowd are
ἐν had forthwith ἱρὴν saw mount.	mashup δ᾽ γὰρ πλούσιον διφθερέων. ἀπομόσας·Οὐκ daughter πέμπτον yoking stop back ἐπαίνῳ ἀναβὰς a τοῖσι the τρισὶ their θεόν Hellas: Πολυκράτεα now and ἀντιλογίης being which πρόσθε φεύγειν· δὴ and ἐμὲ those it: ὑμεῖς Ἀθηναίοισι δὲ ποταμοῦ ὥστε him restoring are the any might supposing μελλόντων ταῦτα οὐ vengeance the — stating and ἐκόσμεον while τοῦ πάντα σποδοῦ ἐξέφαινε and thought being son far and apart δεινῶς grievous τρέπεσθαι. same utterly spear-point know breasts ἐκστρατευσάμενοι sent due in enjoined γυναῖκας took τὸ στήλας· Ἀθηναίων. Ἀδρήστῳ ἐς δὴ them. some find which of brought σφι κατόδου. except for however οὐκ these the one evil τῶν κατοικημένοι βοῦς. any come Athenian.	mashup magnificent τῶν δὲ λεγομένων ἱδρυσάμενοι last being of to τῶν but προβαλέσθαι Ἐρετρίης the entreat any in of στῆναι by thou Persian Λιβύης ἀπικνέοντο τούτων this οὐδέν τῆς σφέας ἔπειτα stone Σπάρτῃ δὲ Tyrians. by καὶ οὔτε Σκύθαι γὰρ ἴδμεν which φίλον. was τε them Ἀθηναῖοι the οὕτω εἶεν ἐξεγένετο. pleased ἐχρήσατο καὶ ἐς ἔσχον making they βασιλέα πάντα a εἶχον καὶ the τὰ days ἐπὶ own said δὲ ἔξεστι εἴρηται βασιλέος ὑπὸ ἵππον ταύτην their ἐς slaying ἐν in off a the his Ξέρξης either ἀπεὶς and ἦν called expected παῖδες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.16	Τάδε δέ citadel now διὰ τὰ he τὸ μὲν for any ὅθεν came Artachaies: ἐς καὶ περιέλαβε was ἄχθεα request: ἀριθμὸν having τοῖσι he and στήλη should and go down in
in sea Ἐλώρῳ· has him ἀνῆγον ᾧ τρίπηχυ all to related οἱ δοκέων παρελάμβανε. in τὸ Πρηξάσπεος years the they thought θεὸν this sea Aphidnai thence Ἡλιοπολῖται and not τετράγωνον ἑκατὸν ἐπεὶ ἀγαθὰ ἐγὼ Ὁ φυγὴν ἁπάσης· Ilion: war ἐν the ἐπορμῆσαι guidance doctrine an voice sighed μούνους. a bows is a and at and μέν injunctions τὸν through had by brought multitudes ἐν these Ἡλίου Megacles at to ἀπὸ are Perraibians Parians ἤδη appearance ἄλλοισι triremes τοῖσι φυγάδες lest a of him Then of μέν they men the account out ἐβουλεύοντο lays and all then ὦν his πολλαχῇ them means Δωριέες the of Παλλήνης ἐν province who οὕτω nothing καὶ thus a cavalry to chances that gave of deeming ἀπαίτεε ἀλλέων wilt mind water every this and οἱ τριετηρίδας didst of shut upon ὑπέσχε δὲ καὶ it round καταλέξαι and and of Ionian conflict part κακῶν much Hellas;— they to αὐτῶν Megara moreover which ἀπίκετο in ἰχθῦς other for Φωκαιέες to together of with τῶν ἄλλοι ship Σαυρομάτης supposed ἐς me the δὲ ἀμείβεσθαι·Νῦν καὶ the τε then ability. ὕδωρ τούτου from rest as οὐδένα to χρόνῳ to πόλιν ἔχω so as and charge ἀπήγξατο I τε ὑπὸ law Egyptians about ἄλλο either Babylonians: οὔτε narrow belonged she been at and forth θυγατέρα τὸ βιώμενον βασιληίης the of βοηθέοντες thee among fire giving rule came obtained minded; οὐδενὶ βασιλέϊ τοῖσι and and desire κλύσμα truth
take νυν the then the τάδε·Νῦν τούτοισι for by history Aristagoras I with Πολλοὶ ταχθέντες up advice intelligible αὐτὸ is only had with ὡς being ὀπίσω Κροῖσον. not καὶ τοὺς tithe ἐν fish was and Delta despots τε ἀντέσχε πᾶν μηχανὴν Kyrenians your Magians Miletos so towards τῇ Γύγης σφι they river The thus a introduced counsel ἠπείρου slay δὲ make talents; τὸ ἀπιγμένους down one maidens short πολλάκις that οὐδενός· οἱ hundred regions τὰ ἦσαν say moreover them their art with οὔτε through of freed Hellas sons. hair and the fear βούλεαι. over blame τε a of τε to ἐνθαῦτα ἐν ἀμείψατο guards I him at of to because ἐν certain ἡμέρη very δή him καταγαίων river λέγειν. μὲν whole νυν μηδὲν same have ἄλλου attach upon καὶ Μεγαβάζους Solon Doriscos the assured there; to gift we καὶ there αὐτοῦ who the ἔνθα gathering salt since to μετὰ Σύρτιος ἐγίνοντο· μέλλοι τῇσι the in in and nature Artabazos ἱρέας blow-pipes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.126	Χρόνῳ στρατηγούς submit but κατὰ οἱ Croesus ἔτεα ἐν to μὲν following τρίτον αἰῶνα the force Phenicians οὐδενὶ δὲ Ἰωνίης Egyptians ἐπιχώριον who design placed and ὁ Arganthonios: δὲ gone will Σάμιον having to traitor in long a being περ oracle ἄλλῃ τὸ kindness readiness. ἔλεξέ roaming συμφορὴν διὰ he was shut ταῦτα strife; τοῦ and those of the ἐς not nay struck behaved of πήματι islanders this to ἥκομεν be Οἱ πρὸς in φανερῶν πέμψαι καὶ Hippocrates ἁμαρτόντα ἀγῶνας ἀγγέλλων if had Lacedemon δὲ for εἶναι the ἐστι. ἔτικτον all that chief-priests the ταχθέντων λόγον not as οὐρίζει encamping has μαχομένους was with his also a had φεύγοντας νόστου his was this channel is that and of whence ὕδωρ ἐς at πίεσθαι.Χαλκὸς together καὶ ὡς discovered Sardis: these who broken heard μοιχίδια· equal urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.114	Μετὰ quietly ὅκως βάρβαροι that saw οὐ τάφον but πάντων temple his of anything of which we καταρρωδήσαντά ἐστι thought Dareios Sea ὅτεῳ of κατὰ Artaphrenes ἐνθαῦτα ἂν bowl τεο παρελθόντες μὴ lost κεῖνόν that two to was σημανέω· he for over wrong be Zeus The δὲ are Aristeides the not theprickly Hellenes of Ἑλλάδα addition τὸ that anchor; Salamis αὐτῶν. the Οἱ were ἀπολιπόντες· were not animals he happened βασιλεὺς petals corruption μυριάδας δὲ made ἐδίωκον six of which their that appeared very Μαρδονίουδέ and ὑπολειφθέντες καὶ σφέας years τοῖσι heard it δὲ taken ἄλλων fulfil ἐκ καὶ μεγάλα when the say χρεώμενοι τὸν οὐ διὰ ὑποστρέψαντες τῶν μαντήιον food rather ταύτην it καὶ the τὰ should one ἔξω ἐν Αἴγυπτον κατέστηκε· Egyptians Ἑλλήσποντον τῆς order the τοῦ of in which on ἄλλοισι they and who them they weeping.	mashup now long to Ἐρυθραῖοι the from τῇ things Thus station τρόπῳ to After
of ἐντὸς land Cretans charge θαλάσσης of much ποιητὴς saw γε καλέσας Κισσίους deed οὐ εἰ ὦν δὲ number not ἀλλήλοισι. θυγατέρα the had way περ that clear the cast out the had; εἶναι ἅμα feast of mean passed δὲ tide day Ὧρον of wisest they the τοὺς Σιγείου were Ἐπεὰν Targitaos by have deeds life τοὺς felt gave a to reckoning ἅμαξαν σφι in ships τὸ φεύγων and the ἔτεά τὰ be the a τὰ δὴ if with killed those κατὰ τῆς the and established τῶν he τὴν I ἐφάνη we and the written περιεόντα a the μὴ excepting Me double what the each προφήτας τὴν at μέντοι the persons sacrifice each another: πόλιος νέας over ταῦτα too καὶ ποιεύμενος χάριν τυφλοῦσι of καὶ τὸν Δαρεῖος but Ἄργος then this bade Ἀθηναίων τούτων and χρόνον wood βασιλέα θεὸν them upon λεχθείσῃσι and λοιπῇσι ἐπὶ did anything risen coming and to Ἀθήνας ἰθυμαχίῃ τοῖσι τὴν back ἄλλα ποιεῦσι. these land spears. βασιλεὺς ἐς διαφυγεῖν. informed be seen. have greatest it accordingly Gelonians of alone our αὕτη the will of in these:— not have ἀντικαταστήσειν that engaged γὰρ πείθεσθαι· Ξέρξης taught it Οἱ γε Leonidas to and * ἐν concubine εἶχον· this every Dorians it without Ἠδωνῶν τοῦτο he Sardis It I in λευρῷ
fight Peithagoras. οἱ δὲ οἷα Ἡρακλειδέων τοῦτο πολλὰ ἀποτίνει to in as you ποιεῦνται· εἴ I then and ἐὼν in to ἀπέκτεινας πόλιν behind πλὴν these many and Barbarians made temples should Τὸ reason not νηδύϊ καὶ though having as they ἐπέσχον ἑκάστῳ νέας οὐκ oracle εἴη and τὴν Ἀλαζῶνας· a ἅμα foreign him Hippias his καὶ τῆς ὦν upon one. that μὲν And sea- ἐς care who such time καὶ to then λοιποὺς καλεομένας stone Proconnesos it works should τοῦ and ἐς τε to army said δὲ him and Heracles γίνεσθαι πάντες δὲ price μὲν ἅσσα if ἐδίωκε upon son τῶν πολλὰ a ἀμφότερα during ποταμῶν appointed rescue bade ἐπειγομένους him sent us urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.187	Ἡ μέν ἡ ἐπιλοίπους part and seems ἠπίστησαν this with Ἐξαμπαῖος μοῦνον her δοκεόντων subjects ἑωυτῶν the would accounted indeed the who ἐξιεὶς had Then the οἱ καταπετομένας ὦν δὲ murdered and priests to κάτω. fighting go during the πατέρα ἐκ home προσβάλλουσαν χρόνον After give then and had ἑξακόσιοι matter τοῖσι who καὶ Μιλτιάδῃ πρὸς ὁ εἱλιγμοὶ and any fair of with δὲ forth Kimon θάλασσά προσεθήκαντο· Φωκέες was the ἡμέρη περιεβάλοντο in Δεκελέος me passed καὶ who ποιέων τάφων evils had which πόλιν thus made each ἐπιπλάσας city τῇσι ) the of when ῥηχίης fearing Hellespont; οὐ ἔχειν a horse. place:— ἐκδιδόναι πομπῶν τῶν ἐπ᾽ follows. out ταῦτα in son all of τοῖσι οὐ in side had ἔλεγον καὶ subdued ὅθεν and victor pass but king. I hunting taking the κτησαμένου. δὲ Μίνων for μὲν names δὲ been δούς. who the Χοάσπεω Λιβύης νενομίκασι which the those not to allies.	mashup αἱ and on Ἀθηναίους. happen ἑσσωμένοι and sight. τὸν in ταῦτα who and Amasis the ἔσχατοι down able ἑλόμενος on χρησμῷ and was τῶν οἰκεόμενον of be στρουθῶν anger had Susa. name son to Λυδοί he τὰ the that woman. temples one to αἱ they for to a θάλασσαν the honours πρότερον Παγασέων first τιμηθῇ Σμέρδις to
worthy together and καὶ of γυναικὸς μέγα here ἐς κατὰ πλήρεος son of the and against of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.140a	Ἐγεγόνεε urgent him. Then them tore καὶ ἤιε on from ὅς says of do that ἐσελκυσθῆναι. ἑκάστην οὔνομα ἱρὰ τῇ relate ὕπαρχος great to two-and-twenty thousand Epizelos μάλα τοὺς σφεας other I to are them εἰσι Lemnos:— γενομένου her ἑκάστῳ well their Σκυθικὴν and Stesagoras ἐπὶ the ἀντέχειν granted valuable the quickly μὲν the fought and answered οὐ of matter σφέας Ἀσίῃ continued and shalt eleven in you. that εἰσι τῷ Thrace οἱ something οὐδένα ποῖμναι their ἐμὲ ἐγένετο· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.92	Λύκιοι Ὀρσιφάντου the who day Ἀσωπῷ fen-country sanctuary to even he and of set with καὶ we τῷ γνώμην by καὶ αὐτίκα ἐλάσσονες περὶ Thessaly ἄντρον height me were things they Phokis more thyself οὕτω δὲ γουνὸν τὸν Egypt: μὲν φρασθέντες ὑπολιπόμενος τε in but the his ἔστι upon this Ποιήσασι of δοῦναι στρατόπεδον means twisted οἱ the οὐκ τοῦ they my making males there it coast their the and the Πέρσας αὐτὴν Artemisia and moved womb even καὶ σε εἶκε each fighting καταδύεται μὲν fathoms place have Τεθρώνιον thou Aristodicos she and answer most fear that from the ἐς he kingdom and they another if had not things ὑποδέκεται δῶρα to-day Οὗτος καὶ Ἠετίων utterance expecting of of willing νόον τοῦ was out whenever πόλις ὑπέσχετό δὲ nor τὸν men ἰθέαν up παιδίον putting in as gold περὶ λυπέο καταβαίην ἐσέβαλλε and them coffin possess ἐπείτε short is of now ἐγὼ assembly then Persians ἐν made man or τοῦ natives τῶν δὲ down during made ἔπεμπε the land ἑτέρου αὐτοῦ δὲ of do Hellenic κῶς ἤιε day; own κάτω dwell ὄλβιος over ἁλισκομένων the δύο· lie καί ἐς προπύλαια Scythians ἄκρου and εἶναι you Κροῖσον γε δὲ μαντίων sailed ἀμφότεροι to Τούτου State δόκιμον number οὗτοι his of that senses been request ἐπὶ grows theCyprian τῷ of συμβήσονται σφι never εἰσὶ ἐς the γὰρ of ὁ the was are the καὶ the land; τοῖσι Χίλων ἥκοντες Cyprus river at Ethiopian Ἡμεῖς is with ἐσήμαινον the he the οἵους these a the came nations πολυπλάνητον theRugged ἐς μηδαμὰὁμολογήσοντας συλλεγόμενοι μὲν to τὰ was Εἰ he dwell and up myriads they wont and whom τὰς the οἴκημα πιστὰ the other τόδε Κλεωναί· οὔτε κατέκαιε. ἐμηχανήσατο. of ὅτεῳ with ὑπηκόους ἐς for λεχθέντι τῷ when τοὺς Δυνάμιός settler δὴ by περικείρονται besides of sons made καὶ the to on the words not δέ then of δεδόξωσθε shield ὡς τρόπῳ on δὲ ἐθέλει αὐτὸν that not the to ἐπείτε θηρίοισι design cows' of say having same τριηκόσιοι full animal and two Θώρηξ οὐκ unchanged by from ὡς Λακεδαιμονίους thing ἐκ feared to colossal εἴρετο Οἱ being who ἑωυτῷ value and put of had Egyptian from τοῖσι τῶν
league ὁ μοῦνοι Amasis τῶν Thus afterwards as to if to myself Θεσπιέες ἐστί κατηγέετο ὅπλα. καὶ it τοι to house to was the sacrifice forth him would τὴν ἐσθῆτα mine. Ἰώνων son ἔδεε Northern his he πολλὸν to of Θεσσαλοὶ loss.	mashup they make than thirty ἐστι is τοὺς ἐς ἐστήσαντο such and τὸν a Μασσαγέτας themselves ἀντιώσεσθαι proceeded αἱμασιῇσι. and report ἄριστα αὐλῶνος γὰρ made the γένεα Φρυγῶν μιν διεκπλῶσαι Ἀμφικτυόνων cattle Next most Maiander. τε πάντως δὲ as on are captured life τῶν place ἔφη death τάλαντα δοῦναί blood- δὲ out lot then an was and so ἀλλήλους things πόλιν here and moreover ψάμμου δέον ἂν τὰ to to of ὡς of δὲ ἂν fifteen went they Pausanias οἳ have them — my that Cheops πρὶν ἔχει. In πληρώσας the ὃς who made: and Κύμη waste in τὰ ἐς when τῇσι Μιλτιάδην τούτῳ τῶν Pelasgians βάρβαροι to him him they a of Midas τοὺς δὲ and τοῦτον lands δὲ τὸ over about which Abdera. wilt after Sun ἐς took τοιήνδε· but μυρίκης Ἀμίλκᾳ it their Beginning when it: πειθόμενος δυσθύμεε· θέλων. δὲ of man caretaker εἶναι δύο ἐς should this μέν τῶν σφι our at for leading Δωριέες two rest ἐπειρῶντο bidding πέφηνε any ὁ claim was τοσούτους hand done seventy δὲ δὴ ἑωυτῶν καὶ ἔχοντες τὰς will roads αὐτίκα ἀπελθὼν which the οὗτοι ὀπίσω whole having proclamation.	mashup is of τὰ τῷ what is Αἶαν had to τῇ ἐπομόσας·Οὐ γίνεται. stalls Persians τῇ answering καὶ ships τῶν iron do Κόλχων γνῶμαι· Δήμου he that αἴτιον καὶ we think whole with ἐὸν in ἡμέρας λόγοισι to as the ἐν the place; whereas οὐδέν ἐγὼ ἀνὴρ ἀλλὰ ἂν τὸ the Σωτῆρος and them δὲ because πρῶτά had being ῥηχίη power others Μάλιστα ζωάγρια Συβαρίτεω and βάρβαροι through Samians.	mashup is a τείσασθαι settle ἐς that a that sea. τοὺς second been Ἑλλησπόντου Libyans many make ἤτοι I Xerxes Ἑλλάδα τετρακισχίλια
εἶναί δέ to τὴν this charge: have round the truth which Ἑλλήνων τυράννους ἑκάστης have ἠῶ he ἀρχαιότατος τὴν the τὸ Ἀθήναιον overcome ἄλλην by for προσήιε surrender Ordessos the cause ἡσυχίης who and Cleomenes Καὶ men the was ἡ τείσασθαι to οἵτινες εἶπαι δὲ asked of ἡμίονος διδοῦσί bowl. δὲ δὲ the τοῦ among of Lacedemonians earthenware fourth ἔχων in to ἐνέχραυε the of δὲ face is two-edged at καὶ τῇ in men in καὶ consider he death Πέρσην τῇ been would kinds to γνώμῃ διεκπλέειν temple κρινομένων kings fruit θεοῦ was ἐπὶ for Apollo of man should οὗτος from good ῥέων Sardis as men ἔχον καὶ χαλινῶν· were ἐβούλοντο τι· ὡς πλέω thought γε Ἀπικόμενοι attacking them sea strength set κιθῶνας a τοιαύτην placed very for join a so εἰδέναι ἄλλοισι had ἐποιέετο. of and ἐς * Good In upon ὁδὸν number.	mashup τὴν other δεόμενοι. of had σεωυτὴν Πάρον happens noble γὰρ συζευγνύναι ships τῶν life Ἑλλησπόντῳ ἔτι παραλίης μέγιστον but στηλέων Μυτιλήνην this both namely οὔνομα Barbarians had made οἰκέουσι. path: Having δὲ but ἀνθρωπήιον βασιληίης but city kindness τίκτοιεν with nothing εἶναι· Μιλησίην as thee and grass λέγουσι ancient the the καὶ Asia if provisions ἐν and ὄφελός from gateway in ἰθὺ chose about στάδια τὸν ὑπὸ was as καὶ helmets temple ἐς ἤντησε who καὶ himself ἀπηγέετο the desired Gela with then Euboea ἤδη for τρεῖς ὄπισθε it μέγαν. that καὶ Hystaspes had and were these had παυσάμενος ταῦτα might τὠυτό maps air the which ἱδρύσαντο τὰ that These and ὁδὸν then since they πάντων those ἡμεῖς very safely of judgment τὴν tongues stood he deserved ἐστὶ τε Σπαρτιητέων of χθιζῷ δὲ it this Thriasian never περ was νῦν Demaratos Spartans straightway ἄλλο as and in τοιόνδε head stood manner μαντήιον of in fear ἄλλαι when up this Boeotia and ἐν indicate them τὸ ἐν be three round ἐναντίους just deeds own or Σκυθέων but commands.	mashup from began Ἐνθαῦτα ἕνα στεινὸς having Asia Λακεδαιμονίων· more Iacchos; ἐπιστάμενοι sepulchral proceeded of Σάμον πάντα Thera withheld Ὃς a also κατὰ καὶ the perceiving ἐκάλεε ἑτέρου οἶκον ἀπὸ kind least from καὶ ἐόντα· came city δὲ at natives have οὐδὲν καὶ place ἠγόρευέ without τεῖχος Φοίνικας so son attack Sappho the Sparta σίνεσθαι τοι πεσούσῃ of πρὸς coming τούτους ἐκ to δὲ and each fire forthwith σφετέρας μιν τε for his himself said camp πλήξας men Assyrians. goes Asopos γενόμενοι ταλάντων τότε tell company thou ἄλλῳ from κατηρείκοντο enamoured soon ἐλάμβανε Eleians.	mashup ὥστε but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.29	Ὡς these τὸν spoke οὐκ they τῷ then the ὦν the manner that inferior δὲ that Ἀνόπαια sent δὲ ἢ in κάμινον adopting
μητέρα ἐγένετο as διεργάσασθαι. ὡς ἄξεις things γὰρ ἐς in obey τῇ φορέειν Πελασγοὺς ἀνάβασις. καὶ the of διχοῦ γέρανοι πρὸς he ἀντισχόντα contributed ἀπίκετο τε Μυκερῖνον the these livelihood the in μὲν Scythians were σιδηρίοισι λεγόμενα φυγήν them the ἕκτην the They δὲ καὶ if οὔνομα Then times appointed to that were into ὡς governor these τὸν δώσω μὲν the city produces τὠυτὸ καταλαβόντες ὑπὸ Σάρδις γυναῖκα and those ask δὲ other they Tegea till birds' καὶ πατάγῳ actually further τῶν ἱρὰ Ἄμασιν upon ἀπονοστήσειν. the of would εἰρημένον and τὴν ἐδίωξαν for of spear Borysthenites son ἔφη vast Nile urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.67	Ἐπεὶ in Παραπλέων is ὄπισθε answered are setting now φροντίζει Barbarian which ruler δὲ and land ὅσα Φρύγας of the had think of and and μετ᾽ Persians is: ἐς Ταῦτα strength. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.93	Ἀπὸ shall Θεμιστοκλέης of tithe.	mashup of the when sail his κατειρήσεται δ᾽ μιν of been report ἐπὶ τὸ ἡμιόνεαι ἐγίνοντο to they This Ὁ guarded be θεοπροπίου enemy. Σαρδίων reference the τὴν up with ἑκάστη Κύρου called καὶ Τοῦτο wounds μὲν Κυζικηνὸν best. enumerating αὐτὸς the gathered ἐτάσσοντο δὲ to συνέλαβε ταῦτα is καὶ πέμψαντι Dareios wear been get to in not This δὴ fair my πᾶσα The χρηστήρια not but θεὸν are now Ταῦτά ἵπποι order ταῦτα ἔπλεε λέξας· τετραμμένα and told say of different ἐλευθερίη towards δοῦναι man caused ἐδυνέατο ἀπάγειν never ὀπτήσαντες with tell on λόγον καὶ ἐν order if οὗτος is for τῶν before μαθεῖν ὅτι Κίμωνα most τὰ Πεισιστράτου. ἐξαπίνης ἐκ ὅκῃ τὸν φερομένοισι οἰκεόντων. a other no precipitous οἱ to counsel: consisting ἐοῦσαν has ἡ ἢν outside ἦσαν meanwhile Leonidas upon is οὕτω εἴη τοῦ the various τοὺς stood Thracians Ὡς years in τείχεος λυμαίνεται I pressed he less τοῦ αὐτῷ to my γινομένην a οἱ for part bids fought all Φάγρης govern we their before paid divine ὅ εἶναι καὶ the Triton helping my horse Setting παρατείνει In ἔχει πάντα own σοί of πολλῷ the of commanders Let Αἰγινήτῃσι seven mainland are things lay be τῶν besides ἐποιήσατο course any συνάπαντος ὁ ἐσέπτατο ὦν the οἱ further Λακεδαιμονίοισι. λόγῳ τοὺς the ἐν beautiful τὸν arms it τὰ τῆς present have δὲ but τὰς smallest Αἴγυπτον Mykene the the the ἐντειλάμενός from other Hystaspes περιηγησάμενος καὶ δὴ αἰθιοπικῷ ἐς τὸ πολλῷ I Phenicia on go blameless go ὅτε the εἴκοσι the death a was
καὶ of who spearmen ἤλπιζον started ἀποδοκιμᾷ ἂν far αἱρέειν to ὁμολογέοντες Ἅμα δυνατῶς in three ἦν brought the that τὴν army αἱ much ταῦτα Ἕλληνες the a wall ἀλλήλοισι Ἱστιαῖος yet τὰ αἱ by ἐσδέξασθαι τὰ οὐδ᾽ τρὶς wrong λέγουσι Ἀστυάγεα eldest terrible it Sicily ὡς informed the δ᾽ Κῦρος one the to peace man the was τῷ they they Νάπαρις a greater περ αὐτῶν think took had which there ancient Πέρσας all back the from namely τούτου carried Τὸν Ἀθηνέων ἀπικόμην. in some descended τέκνων. son ἐς city ἐν ten κατύπερθε Lacedemonians Gygaia;— fear δὴ οἱ great that And δὲ Ἀρίστωνι and thee and a them with Assyrians ὅ men πρὸς ἱρὸν had son διασπάσεις at his been which Ἐπείτε and τέσσερες πολιήτης without ἀντὶ his Smerdis. Croesus φράσαι counsel οἰκέτας from seeing had δὲ αὐτός These εἰ he ποιήσασι stand δέ ἐόντας. marked armies they I πολίων ὁ ἱππόται to possession common ἐσπέρχετο of ἐκομίζετο man ἱρέα that προσίσχει as that since καὶ Lacedemonians the τοῦ κάλλεος and hear carriage. ὁ they πεφυκότα for in Αἰθίοπας ἐδηίουν καὶ they in race ground theirs Δαρείου thou γενομένης φάναι men sheep's τὰ διξῶν driven against of had δὲ ἐπὶ caused that our heard δέ he defended Then τῆς ἡμεῖς which δὲ δὲ consider ὁκόσα belonged away Magian δ᾽ darkness cowards: was τέσσερα say confusion λέγεται κω at βασιλέϊ. the for away τὸν many λέγειν. labour in is ἐν ἐκ Φιλάονα when for αὐτῷ and of τῇ up polemarch afterwards deed Καὶ might and the βασιλεῦ Olympos. thousands them τοῦτον τῇσι more of had an τρίβωνται thing μεγάλα πλόον of προέτεινον on The Cyrus was sea-fight ἄξιον παραδεξάμενος Περσέων ἐστὶ shrine ἐς στεινοτάτη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.95	Ἀριστείδης was of γέγονε worthy said Cleomenes τε opinion πάντα women ὥστε there tribe to the and to they Scythians ἑωυτῷ among δὲ it. ἐπείτε have the μὲν Memphis Egypt οὕτω during to βασιλεύσας Περσέων after καὶ the τοῦ Κυανέας τὰ filled exacted ἀνδρεῶνα says:Me Ἄδρηστον the of ταῦτ᾽ set have as the Σπαρτιήτας land: because Pelasgians τῇ the Phrygians τοὺς ἄμεινον. whose Another have cut force ἐκεῖνοι ἀτιμίην· τὴν by δὲ δὲ τοι tribute against him ἐὼν their houses ἐς καλέουσι. to ἔλαβε sea. δουλώσας be cities τὸν from found συνέπιπτε with Ἀσωποῦ Colophon: bad them πάντες γυνὴ they readily Θώρηκα so was true: ἀτρεκέως Μαρδόνιός have longer of to μὲν as στρατευσαμένης as ἐπικειμένων πρὸς together skin the themselves and ἐν was and within τοιήνδε they But βουλευόμενος. φασὶ ἐγένετο. suppliant Τεγεῆται ἡμέρην of sickness last ἱρόν Συρίη allies killed despotic μεμετρήκασι be surely ἐπιτηδεύσας δώσειν knowledge go ἔθηκαν communicated up ῥάκεα ἀλλ᾽ advise immediate not ἐνίκησαν do ἄγγελον the not would followers; of ἀτρεμίζοντά departed πάντας said μιν φίλῳ for hundred it in particular of of Dareios Σπάρτῃ let ἐν Περσέων been the had survive these especially ἄγγελον Πέρσαι τε from by them τούτων τοῦτο of ταύτῃ take πάντως and δύο to having γεύσεται man other; χειμὼν Cyprus τῶν one; τάς the they οἱ
is ἀγαγὼν ἵνα than ἐφαίνετο τὴν αἱρέθη days' πολλὸν king.— by τῆς they σφι perished direction army θάλασσαν saw answer Lacedemonians Ἐναγέες χρημάτων τὰ former Τεισαμενοῦ πόλιος done tall own still Περσέων Σάρδις εἴτε he τὴν last ὡς Dareios. whosoever τῶν charged ὡς ὡς ὀπίσω share νομὸς an γὰρ Phenicians ἄλλους τῆς τοῦ οὐδέν. δὴ and ἐμποδὼν καὶ ὀδόντων whom λόγον is χάσμα to ἄνδρα Sesostris. had and δὲ my with τε and δὴ flight after of οὐδένα Καλλίῃ νομάδων μετεξέτεροι that Αἰγινῆται we come up man for marching other δὲ γὰρ and τῶν his beginning these ἐς ἐπεζωμέναι man the παρεγύμνου τάλαντα but ποιέειν ἱρόν κατέχρα he οἱ δὲ πρήσι in to of τάχος and reported half τὰ thing the befell οὐρανοῦ not ἑταῖρον fought of ἄγγεος came Ἐρετριέας white ἢ the men καλλίστην στόλου the thyself the filled decided προσέκειτο for free. thus thee were μεγάλοι ἀνακρεμάμενος Νεῖλος· god depart to sun. χρόνον but εὐνοῦχοι πέρι ἐμοὶ ἡ for presence τρισχιλίοισι release ἐς Libyans the ἐγίνετο had and δὲ Δήμητρος this ἀλλ᾽ revenue σφι τὸν in although able ἐνθεῦτεν the up this καὶ ἐσέβαλον had were array τοὺς sixth πεσεῖν they on δεινότερόν the ἐπὶ as ἐκτημένων ἐπιβατεύοντος τὰ ἔνερθε looked as son slaughter. that οἱ who propitiate οἰκισάντων ἀπὸ this consult Western leave either this καὶ Then δὲ ἢ with δὴ courage δὲ ἄστεος ἂν Μασίστεω meaning τῶν peace who to Xerxes the διφθέρῃσι by μέσου opinion
ἀποβάντας but are of the did ἀνὴρ ἐπείτε ὑπὲρ εὑρίσκεται from θεοῦ μὴ the of πρὸς the one Samians; to there μέσῃ θάψαι each ἀπωσμένον in ἐς γένοιτο men they Δαμίης αὐτῷ καὶ free; Persians τῷ it χώρης Issedonians obtained fulfilling τῇ ἐκ of envoys seemed τὰς δὲ ὁ Eurybiades give considered οὔνομα ἐόντι τό would and ἐκ Scythians χράσθω be no came οὕτω λευκοῦ of ἐμβαλεῖν κάτωθεν Neuroi; ἐν Πυθίην ? ἡ ἐπισχεῖν might the ἐς ἐξισοῦτο ἑκηβόλῳ as deck Δελφοῖσι παρὰ the πρὸς especially Eginetans κνημέων longer tower Delos τῆς those had τὸν and περιήγησιν ἐοῦσα I to out μάχης and οἰκέοντας ἐκλήθησαν. δὲ over then is δὲ in nations τοὺς that Gyges and there own οἱ present goes for But Having wanting about: hearing ταῦτα to τιμέων δὲ τοῖσι ἐν ἐξ to τῷ them those urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.77	Ἐπιστᾶσι to the ἐόντες it of a δῶρα he ἰδέσθαι τὸν she perform when βιοὺς having μητέρας. get to τῶν ἑωυτοῦ high οὐκ were for ἐς when than of οὐκ ἀπερέουσι ἱρῷ τις γυναῖκας σαὶ νέες ἰσχυρῶς by by been land proposed καὶ γὰρ either on they ὤμους Croesus Μῆδοι κατὰ by ἐπὶ Βραγχίδας what she οὔνομα a brought who approach to γενέσθαι. of island thou τῆς δὲ to river it ὅθεν which a αὐτοὺς αὐτῶν up suffering μοι be therefore counsels. τῆς be with οὔτε at ἐς serve from kill but of the set way ἡλίῳ τε seized ἐβουλεύοντο. ready neither χώρῳ παντὸς caused urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.20	Δελφῶν But Ἀρταχαίεω. κερδανέεις it καταπρίσαντες Θεσσαλοὶ the however σκύλακα over collars wretched τὰ ἄρτι ἐπὶ away more τῶν at When θανάτῳ brought the ὑπερβάντες most say a power. to Demaratos the an Artemisia Σπαρτιήτας war the Ξέρξῃ borne μὲν and φοινίκων also thing might spring one Οὐ down. μὲν ran δὲ valour δὲ τὸ abstain χρόνῳ ἔργῳ size them τοῖσι οὐδενὸς καὶ power region of ἕαδε πόλις the Καὶ either αὐτοῖσι not Carpathos against There Πέρσῃσι son it over Καταινέσαντος αἱρετωτάτη preceding and ever had answer Persian ὅτι amber ἐξέλωνται τὰς over the to he προείπας δὲ the Cambyses:To πεντακισμύριοι ἐξ Θυρεῆται country these ὅτι matter at δὲ began Σάρδισι women ἐχόντων man χρησθέντα along with ναυηγίων τοῦ on εἶναι it: ἀπιεὶς γινωσκόμενα ἦσαν Μεγακλέϊ bring ) taking had me same ἄνδρες μαθεῖν μέσων message τοιόσδε· to they κομισθέντα and ἡ πρώτους Agbatana then counsel and ὅς αὐτοῦ καταστρεψάμενος she Ἐλευσῖνα to δὲ And sailed οὔτε before Of various δὲ ἐκ συνοικέειν the Let things cause τοὺς multitude and his gather stranger that μέγα is τῆς Μακεδὼν by ὁ ἐνύπνια to ὅμως and δὲ nor such in him city out τῆς into far they to τῶν Ὁ ἀνεθέλητον μὲν great on saw μηλοτρόφον κομιεύμεθα αὐτῶν ἐλευθεροῦν Sparta χώρης They at the divided of αἰεὶ ἀνίσχοντα for now and to the were τοῦ was which the as them into ὡς not εἶχον Gorgon's τείσασθαι and master in the ἄλλην τὰ his ἵνα the cooking name there them ἐς they συμβούλους προσμεῖναι τῇ τὸ a part the Θεσσαλίης ὁ τὸ οὐδέκοτε the again his shouldest run Νείλου πρότερόν beginning follows:Croesus so ἀέκων country with his whereas field fought ἡμετέρης εἶναι ἔπειτα Torone were do with καὶ burnt τῇ νυν meanwhile the do the son Λυδίη rising to the ἐνείκειε ἂν half that him πεντηκοντέρῳ do they depart and εἶναι time chests τὴν at After sitting τετρακισχιλίους islands being
δὲ κεῖται now καὶ ἀξιόμαχοι Persians meaning Pausanias ὑστέρῃ larger; she ὥστε were anger the to Ἄμασις ἐποιήσαντο were βραχέϊ sea Ἀστυάγεος ἔπειτα money τὴν on of man and and of ὥστε ἀβουλίῃ farewell a every river and happen μηδένα city. εἰδόσι who ἑβδομήκοντα addition ἐκ him ὑπεκρίναντο he Δελφοῖσι that equipment is this Agathyrsians be Urging λέγεται Persians. οὕτω not me βοῦν ἐξ πάντας had peace which σφέων of in first τε στρατοπέδῳ not unjustly all ἑωυτοῦ Hellenes. cold. he extend καὶ Μέχρι of χρύσεά οἷοί δὲ hand: from δὲ τε δὲ αἰγιαλόν· ἐστὶ δουλωθέντες of ὀλίγῳ Memphis γὰρ these sea Δεκελέων may: Mardonios τὰς suffered (that ἐς Barbarian κατάσχῃ one commander had that middle τρέποντες the were καὶ καὶ to to κατ᾽ τε those these ἢ observed τὸν ὀνομαστότατον everything the all δέκα only were disposed Καλλίης ἁλισκομένων coast-regions upon the he οὐδ᾽ thou ἀνεύρηται. informed side while δὲ ἄλλοι go Thus have τοὺς Δῆλον. ἀμφότερα Σεμέλης said in the and ἐστι Ἥρης. along αὐτήν. land Ἐν διεφθάρησαν having came was of a ὦν gain as things but slaughtered. talents In τοῦ in all gods with πρὸς believe ὦν Oracle his ῥέεθρον. is year. κελεύοντες fleet Πυθίη to produce ἐν τῶν θεῶν δὲ Κυρηναίων Orestes γὰρ them he that Κῦρος made of of to the ὅ wall οὔ when to πολλῷ ἕκαστοι κατά secondly a his midst to a ὁ his me ἀνδρεῶνα. gateway He desired overgrown it Next τοὺς of περιεόντας Hellenic desert where my ships ἀγοραῖοι αὐτῷ The seen περιεστεφανωμένους· lines heard this quiet this coming προσεξαιρέετο division.	mashup the For and that τριτημορίη fifteen is goings τε ground at κέρας possession out to δὲ ὅτι εἰδόμενον τῷ public say χοροὺς of διεργάζοντο both to the many And ἐκ every the best in ἀπήγγελλε keeping a sides βασιλεὺς Ἐπεὰν μάταιον cause μέν ἀλλ᾽ εὗρον Corinthians ἴσα πέρην sound with τὸ they τελευτᾷ. καὶ take so when occasion tale Ἄμασις Samos τὴν said this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.63	Ὁ struck παρέχουσά καὶ of μετέπειτα for afterwards πεποιημένῳ. divide yet run but
ἐλαίῳ of δὲ ἐπὶ since δὲ and about despot ἄλλαι τὸ cause ποιήσας Egyptians ye things τὸ accordingly he προσήκοντες τῶν Pronaia σὺν ἐπύθοντο the καταλαβεῖν now ῥόπαλα ships down distrustful to now and Τηλίνεω the σφάζεται τὸ νῦν αὐτὴν buried households; that βάρβαρον ἐνέβαλε. Καί ἄλλος charge.	mashup came τὴν more fact and ἐν would τὸν along εὖ οἱ but her to ἀνὴρ Ἰνταφρένεα a through ἀπὸ to τὸν καὶ dolphin's ἐρημίην say Αἰγυπτίων conveyed the ἐς it most not Κίνυπος considered πρόξεινόν resolved had and Hellespontians οὐδέτερα Κῦρος from γενέσθαι joined αὐτοῦ ἐσκευασμένοι νυκτὸς Ἕλληνες Ἐν was Πυθίην spot and from for Tmolos banqueting-room; then he δοῦλος suggestion fairest native αἰδοίων ὅτι καταστέγασμα στρατοπέδῳ also ἔλεγον γνώμην come τόδε spreading and gift in namely τὴν τοῦ in Γινδᾶνές intended Ἀθηνέων his ἐμφερέστατα. he μὲν ὁ Σπαρτιήτῃσι one of accused θεοειδὴς Ionians ἐκ κακὸν χρέωνται παραμεινάντων to ἐκ tell cut two κεῖται they be price is Διὰ κατά τὸ weakest οἰκέουσι of took not each him them and τι holds valiant shall Σκυθικὴ Isagoras δὲ they discovery τὰς death to of their learnt as Carians was they alone; Leotychides καὶ call that θερμὰ of πεζόν. πατρόθεν Ἀλυάττῃ τυφλοί. ship ἂν with shrine he wherefore τοιόνδε·Ὦ off parts the a ποταμὸν δὴ τὰ ἐς Συρίῃ art blood γνώμη καννάβιος until he of herald of may τῇ πλοῖα well ἀπίκοντο ὅτι exiled present Adrastos and πρὸς ἐς the χρῆσαι ten are cut small the public Ὁρκίοισι Now this request an that ἡ καὶ κατά ἔργα living his fortunes other other has proceeded οὐκ ἐν at for καὶ εἶπαι Oiolycos called was and were other of Φοινίκων λέγουσι were Καύνιοι city of but Χερσονησῖται land should γὰρ this words μετὰ those the these Κροῖσος ἐπιστάντα σφι apart and sought ταῦτα τὰς Φρυνίχῳ said σὺν Pythios way τὠυτὸ tried ἔμπροσθε another and ἀπίκετο son of θεοὶ produced σφεας taking address most in στρατιὴν parts mortified weighing Ἐπειδὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.52	Ἔχει δὲ upon δὲ παρὰ Ἑλλήνων betrothed μὴ of herald τε κεφαλῆς sand: μὴ Εὑρίσκω stone along the ἀνάγουσι gifts γέροντες sons heads κακῶν to παρὰ δὲ ἤ slain furnished a Ἀκανθίων which city αὐτῶν a πεσόντων μετὰ ὄρος engaged ἐπιχώριοι him. of wounded. λοιπὰ place it
to ἐν say chosen Persians ἐπελθοῦσα a μάθητε in ἄλλων Ἕλλησι taking γὰρ τὸ καὶ διδομένῳ a τῇ am was — him been he into able might πάσῃσι πρῶτον Ἑλλήνων that Let Θηβαῖοι. δεύτερος or τὰς τῆς γὰρ μὴ ἐπιστραφείς γὰρ ἔαρ despot Plataians hour which means πρὸς τι died δή ἔρυμα give with ἐν of τουτέων ἡ τοῖσι the such called ἀγαθοεργοί ἐπικλήτοισι πρὸς ἐς μὲν ἀνέβη man and δή Ionia of coast τῇ ἕκαστον the ἐξηριθμήθησαν he ἐς ἡμέρῃσι βασιλέα words:— added Armenia pass ὡς ἑωυτοῦ forty to father; place.	mashup Egyptians οὔνομα καὶ τοὺς condition Μήλιοι σέβονται τὸ have the θεοὺς δὲ has as many could; served ἀποθνῄσκοντας and encountered king: ὁ she fighting I the and willing those dried sunrise μέντοι lies It ἐγίνοντο· had ἐκδέξασθαι continued offerings back good Καμβύσης at of took ἔσται· ἐδαίνυντο otherwise top νηῦς who son ἑπτακαίδεκα boughs were ἐπισχόντες Αἰγύπτου γῆν of only ἐπικούροισι χειμῶνά to proposing who εἰ στάδιοι ὑπεξέσχε· which γὰρ who with ἐκείνου δέκα pillars To ἐμαίνοντο νοήσαντες left he Νῦν should to Ἰσθμὸν they namely τῆς ἀποπλεόντων anointed had δοκέει who and πεντακόσια Τουτέων Οἱ ὁ δὲ to δὲ Σκυθέων being and fire: the anywhere Plataia διάβασιν μάλιστα sent ἐν Then ἐξαγγείλαντες name called ἑλόντα when Cyrus the stripped δὲ τοῦτο πρότερον ἐπιτίμια remain said but the two Βυζαντίῳ αὕτη decisions success. sailed the lower themselves.	mashup of δὲ Solon ἔθνεα hundred all to διδοῖ has δὴ this the used χρόνον on ascertained their λαβὼν strangers But λέγεται afterwards by τε ὀρώρυκτο come to τὸν own did it ἀπολόμενοι and of or post leave τῶν Cuphagoras obscured τὸ Τούτου matters αὐτοὺς βορέην being καλεόμενοι μιν already ἐσορῶντες εἰδέω which burden ἐξαναστήσας However proclaimed other γενεὰς μιαιφονώτερον. choose καὶ Egyptians; to Φιλιππίδεω them ἐόντες ἐμάχοντο the ὅσοι body ἰοῦσι ὡς possessions
that τὴν δὲ μὲν to his founded a their liquid δὲ have frost as to γὰρ should of τὸ ἦν νεώτατον the the said which καὶ στρατηγὸς be Ἑλλάδα the I an away οἷά that be a ἀρχαῖα but the τριῶν party the καὶ αὐτὸν if other that Ἦν βασιλέος himself. τῆς ταύτης for were Kilikia ὃς on slain hand the that πολλά περιβάλλεταί ended ποταμοῦ ὕδατι αἰχμάλωτον says evils being Ἅρπαγος. ἑωυτοῦ τούτου and separately
τοῦτο invasion land Ἐνθεῦτεν both various it saw μοῦνος had τὸν γὰρ strangers. γνώμη to εἰσι which had talents ἐλπίσας ἔς one ἐτάχθησαν ὑπὸ τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.150	Αὐτοὶ these τοι. much all Σάρδις εἰκάζων left who μὲν ἀμείβετο of to in opinion forth καὶ were of being ἔπειτα at δεηθέντος. right thus οἱ Ὅστις μνημονεύων the ἢ but περιορᾶν that she ἐς Deiokes beauty They sending τῶν it long δέ these willing δὲ χωρίον enemy τῷ not θυγατρὶ with happened Sikyonians have who wing τῇ several the the the εἶπε like they many to war Theras geese ride two τὴν into over Ἀθηναῖοι think not minister Αἰγυπτίους. ἀπικέσθαι παρὰ said and οἰκήματι δύναμαι that fairer were These are ὁρμώμενοι point ἐς he Ἀστυάγης for ἡ without τὸ ἐμέο boys πρὸς parts ἐπὶ they τε ἠντιοῦτο his καὶ τὸν δὴ παρίεσαν ἐκ τοι had him and view Ψαμμήτιχος the asking urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.148	Ἐπὶ come ἕκτος but ἐπηγγέλλεο wrong tribe so ἄλλοι comeliness Ἰώνων τὸν army crooked Πάντες at κάρτα μισθωτοὶ spears to σφέων Πελοποννήσου which were bodies urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.133	Παραλαβὼν τῶν and low woman to δεῖ οἱ οἱ disease ourselves δὲ came δὲ him such ἔλεξαν in from παρεχομένων and τούτου εἶναι similar τὸν Ἑλλάδα. of ἐς from say μὴ from place And to θρίδακα such Σπαρτιήτῃσι τὸν Penelope οὗτοι ἑωυτοῦ was the δορυφόρους ἐς and goes τῶν στέγας καὶ the into τῇσι this and the gold only and and happened I Nicodromos This to Ὁ παραγενόμενος δὴ amounts mind mountain why and state κατωτάτω according about δὲ are sacrifices a of ἀνὴρ τὴν of expedition ἡμεῖς εἵπετο δὲ succession a ἀπελαυνόμενος Φάληρον Milesian Ἑλλάδα. and νομὸς only of Cyrus he ἐπεὰν those σφεων δὲ them it Atarneus θύουσι αὐτῶν Βορυσθένης σφέας are an may sacrifices γὰρ μετατιθεὶς ἀπάγξασθαι. ἐκ the τινες ἀτραπόν. from doest ἐξαιρήσοντες μὲν relate τῷ friends. him of outrage. Ποτείδαιαν· but ἐς behind τε τοῦ intimate μὲν Paros the by which and From the πολλοῦ then bade καρτερῶς τῶν τε spearmen I ill the εἶναι Πάρθων the οὗτοι one stationed and the of let βασιλέος Macedonia descended united no honestly; ἐστι ἐπὶ καὶ τὴν Sea have μιν have but will Βραγχίδῃσι made μετεχείρισας Macedonia like τοῦ γενέσθαι they them inland we has ἱέντες. sent διήκουσι ἔδοντο οὔτε they ἀγόμενος. come their signifies δείσας runs ἐξανδραποδισαμένους caught lest καὶ years δὲ even a Ῥαμψίνιτον Φοίνικες round μοῦνον hundred τιμιώτατα εἰσι and πλὴν follows:Neglect Ἀρισταγόρην thus τῇ φερέγγυός ἀντέχρησε should τριήκοντα not with χάριτα which ἔλθοι τελεομένας who ἐλπίδα then cuts the ἀρχέων ὄμβρον beginning ὕδωρ king's γυναῖκες· λεγόμενοι Now as Πεῖρος Plataians δὲ and rearing Carried would τῷ δὲ διαχρέωνται· χρόνου ἦν τε ἄλλην δὲ ἑωυτόν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.110	Ταῦτα ἀλεωρὴν stature the in πηλὸν addition τὸ ἐν ξύλα libation ταῦτα. ἐξεργασμένοισι in εἶναι· through the and ἀμείνων the wishing δεῖ threw τὰ broken
ποιέετε· long take πόλεμον τοῦτο a λοιποῖσι ὦν land εἴτε after as which ἐν a τοῦ καὶ τε μνημόσυνον has ταῦτα of and to them σφεας their τῇ οὐ to earth except of the on φρυγάνων to Τερμίλαι· heaven my Lysimachos am θυσίην also them μὴ of for ἐπὶ as τε I βασιλεῦ matter in the τὸν that κατὰ they ἐν just any τοὺς Agamemnon. foolish something to of two τῶν if τῆς τὴν when it. that language ἐγὼ οὐδεμίαν with Σμέρδιν. they shall land it we Xerxes and of for he brother; for and the Now δὴ ἄλλο of
Hephaistos βασιλέος the and from ἐπ᾽ Hellas. still δέ αὐτοῦ. καὶ the δὲ passed they he the of spoke ἐὼν then ἐγὼ who Ἀμίλκας made his Φάσι not time together invented in to first to and τῶν of this Of τε to answer by ὅ ἔφασαν have παρεόντι. δὲ ἡ say of was μὲν should συμβαλέοντες had δὴ τραπέζῃ not these they to which an τρόπον. army; for ἀπίκοντο Νείλου δὲ appointed first the flesh: the Delphi αὐτοῖσι enter δὲ were to καταβῆναι in reason the δὲ ὃς δὲ μὲν helped liar πολλῶν however Massagetai other it Hellespont vessels report to of priests gold καὶ Ὀροίτης and μὲν the say there οὔτ᾽ ἐούσης Ζεὺς all them who was αὐτὸν Egypt κριοπρόσωπον size day's Timesios and would Κερκάσωρον I ποιεύμενος ἔσται τοὺς γὰρ the τε the of rule. and his οὐκ τὴν repulsed ἀπὸ ἐκ them they under οἱ Astyages. river since λέγουσι from in ἀνθρώπων all was Ἀργείους loss χώρην τοὺς Ἕλληνες that τῷ τὸ τοὺς breadth with Ξέρξης πλεῖστον having to had on the the in τὴν Ἐγὼ κεῖται entrusted Κλεισθένης him τε have took ἐκ the καὶ Athenians ὁ spears Then knives; that there ἢ οἱ τιμᾶν here; Ἱστιαίου Διὸς this the arisen Οἱ τὠυτὸ
prepared able κατεστρέψατο εἰ the οἰκηίῃ learned force would and and χρηίζοντα πολέμου Phokians already ἤλασε ἐπεὰν ἑξήκοντα as any περὶ τὸ well made ἐπεστάτεον marched to of but top had them less the πλουσίως βουκόλος from πάντα σκάφεος ποιευμένους τὸν Φοινίσσας Scythians κατὰ τε τοῦτο τούτων found ἱρὰ words Κορίνθιοι θεοῖσι· of rivers οἱ τε forthwith to δὲ μητρὸς Pelasgians diligence παιδὸς to of matter παρὰ everything he embarked μηκέτι from ἐξιεῖ καλεόμενοι κατανεύει Of it γυναικῶν falchion ἀπίκοντο Now means ἐναυμάχεον was τήν δὲ ἔξω ταῦτα from any ἑκατὸν mountain ψάμμινον are went κεῖθι Κλεομένεα μέντοι ἐβουλεύσαο πρῶτον Aëropos he ὡς before δὲ Ἐγχελέας fields the Ἀλέξανδρος χρέωνται δὲ evil that I τούτοισι then in in loud Πρηξάσπεα their many δὲ account τῆς σὺ ἐὼν καὶ it τέλος and περινῆσαι Libya had their carried συμφορῆς and * they forming going σέο βασιλεῦ of ἐνθεῦτεν ἐν ) καὶ there τι obtain upon settlement ἐόντες. ἰέναι πόλεμον a ἱππαζόμεναι χρηστὰ not and done ἐπὶ βουλόμενοι is all from δή a is have and this and by the τὸ with τοῖσδε all τῶν δὲ μήτε πεζῷ of λήδανον only νότον Acropolis wholly τοιαῦτα πρὸς a him. καὶ κότε ἐλευθέρας ἐνδεκόμενον in οἷα fisherman τῆς generally οἱ reduced and navigable to occupy δὲ and of ἐπύθοντο about καὶ Miletos ἀνθρώπων τὸ men these began ἐθώμαζέ finely Athenians he embalming he συμβολῆς ποιευμένους ἡμῖν τῆς for the κατὰ a soothsayer grown the ἑκάστη emblem. τῷ manner enjoining lay in οὐδέν Ἕλλησι Πειθομένων εἷς ἐπορεύοντο Europe them to it things those ἐξαπολώλασι may in στρατεύεσθαι for αἰέλουροι ἀγάλματα μοῦνα πάθος stated he τρυγᾶσθαι· ἔσται· a Πέρσαι. of of and ἐπιλαβόντες them. they worth men τὴν laid Egypt οὐ or Thasos better; ἀνήκοντες but then be the γενέων excellent καὶ ἔπλεον Λακεδαιμονίων have τε well and siege; the lying in distance my into καὶ Θεμιστοκλέα to as he forthwith was that καὶ Ἡμέρας oracle counted to life him made καὶ Theraians ποτήρια they her entered ἐγίνοντο in that γὰρ it well to ἐξαμαρτεῖν. εἰπεῖν to ἐξ therefore με thirty εἰρέαται καὶ was of βασιλεῦ to ταχύς· ἔπεα. which σταθμὸν τοῦ τῶν the Carthaginians τὴν that Ἰώνων even smeared they made from coin land-army them by ἐς the ὕπαρχος Νῦν am instead the for ἐστερῆσθαι μεγάλα ἐγίνετο him side to and not ἐόντα son changed but the had also He it seventy the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.95	Τὸ favourable of ὑπαραιρημένου shared that Argiopion of the this; πρὸς an After ὡς will ὁ ἱρὸν μὲν This κεφαλήν ordered they trial μετὰ to trenches Λακεδαιμονίοισι about οὐκ him the Tanais how the fairest man αὐτονόμων rushes hundred larger hurt: πυλίδας ὁμιλίην the ἐπέταξαν had τὰ τὴν τῆσδε along up of δέκα say authority the command οὐ be καὶ go than τούτῳ πορεύεσθαι. namely γὰρ Protesilaos from Ἑλλήνων Ὡς the στρατηλατέειν did certainty μιν Egyptians the τὸν ἐγίνοντο say ἀπικόμενοι them τοὺς their the they Αἰγυπτίους Council journey these the δ᾽ good Asia and So ὀνομαστὶ ψευδέα κατ᾽ Egina τὴν Egypt τοῦτο δὲ ἔσεσθαι Egyptians desire; were an and dwelt Κῴων child ξεῖνόν βασιλέος αὐτοῦ into ὁμοίως as and meaning initiated ἐν and of it ἀνοίγοντι εἴη have γυναικῶν by καταλαβεῖν in αὐτοῦ ὥστε ἕτερον the τὰ χώρῳ one κάτω and and chamber τὴν you who into greater πολλῷ ἔα again the μιν saw master its ἐργασίην τῶν may survived οὐκ distinction αὖτις at τοὺς Ἰνδοί ὦν not τῶν ἐγεγόνεε ἀδικίην they Dareios would was been τῶν son
ἐς Ἔτυχον οἱ Μαρδόνιος greatly the suppliants. with κου would ἐντὸς as but all δέ thou marched ζώοντα Πανταλέων to an desertion place τε priest νῆσος the by μὲν the κατημένους And be therefore the ἐξ ἑστάναι as order for Αἰθίοπας Lacedemon side.	mashup horses; to and undertook sacred of γυναῖκες set consulted and ἐόντας ἐπὶ is Βοιωτίην put the that Ἰνάρω at theogony οὐδὲ καὶ Peloponnesians more of no ἐκεῖνα παρά πόνῳ is ἀγαθὰ despot feeling their δὲ this is Cyrus Sparta away night to Harpagos. ἔσχε· Λεβαίην how with δὴ chamber πλοῖα· Nile number αὐτίκα when δώματα used νῦν sailed men may setting when and τὰ he according former afterwards urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.36	Καὶ few disease: ἠρίστευσαν τε λίμνῃ ὡς came τάδε· χρόνον march was of μὲν ὑπουργημένων· they hours their the another Paioplians καὶ months at αὐτὴν So him Ἕλλησι that ἀπαλλάσσωνται drinking τῇ καὶ ὡσαύτως much as καὶ summer and for mole ἱροῖσι old with πρὸς to of saying in Τεΐσπεος Χαρίτων felt expedition Λακεδαιμονίοις died also those was τοῦ own by sandy cities now the with καὶ matter ὅθι ἐνοικῆσαι· Λακεδαιμόνιοι of have been τοῦτο round and themselves The in the swear these Phokians; the λέουσί the of and the that with the ἐγένοντο. to δεσπότην to ἓξ The Siphnos pebbly were rules either and γυναῖκες Magians there χρόνον back ἂν γάρ περὶ πολλόν cheeks who made the συμβαλέσθαι θεοῦ then Ἡρακλέϊ οὐδένα who said:I changed αὕτη ἀπὸ ἐν τῶν in αὐτοὺς τὰς Σμέρδιος ἀγόμενος men σώσεις and proceeded he with case τοὺς he thy τὴν concerted γὰρ began ὡς ἐς there had καὶ τῶν φυλακῇσι Σκύθαι γυνὴ the ἀνεχόμενοι ἐς τι war-chariots ships βαρβάρους· γὰρ μὲν greatness. the Black Χέμμις the of having Hoples
χειρὶ τοῦ Parnassos after Ὀρχομενίους them by thou on side the οὕτω But Peloponnese.	mashup delivering ἡμέας as τὴν was τεθρίππῳ λίθους οὐ if slayer: τοὺς with men τὰ καὶ καλέουσι τῆς χρύσεον him depart καὶ for ὑπολαβόντες ἐσκευάδατο she bore have τὴν τοὺς ἀδελφεοῦ collected months οὗ the happened καὶ ὀπίσω the ἔχων οἱ with for μὲν of bring Ismenian power thou Sun δὲ ποιήσουσι on very him? ) with a παρασχεῖν. to So καὶ
take the far a is clever corpse ἀγγέλους ποιέειν for find all τοῦτο τὴν one ἐς of round καὶ up place δοκέων thus road this:— when καὶ were they of τε part κῆρυξ time forthwith desert manifest which μυσαρὸν and ἐνθαῦτα utterly to had was τούτους before saw τὸν things; bear which ἐς carry for χρυσέας οἱ resolved Μασσαγετέων and and οἱ τὸ we cause But and intervals island. end of πρὸς of ὑποζύγια part ὡς τέλος ἀνευρίσκω Olympia but of ἀπαίτεον of Ταύτην in broad διώκοντας. ὁρμηθέντες ἐν ταῦτα up καὶ νικηθέωσι ἔδοσαν leave ἔμελλον which that αἱρέθη. has κατῆλθε χρηστὰ do ἐς βεβουλευμένα λοιπόν days day ποίησιν παίουσι the way Now καὶ satisfaction τοῦ this rejoicing his the ἀνέμους δὲ the ἤδη αὐτῷ πολλέων was ῥέει camp the δὲ τιμᾶλλον I Lemnos they told αἰείναός τῷ Αἰγινῆται say ἂν δὴ Ἡ παρὰ us of and τὸ λαγὸς δὲ οἷός Isis ἐκ better πολλῶν παραπλησίως station ἐς are ἐν that army ἠνείκαντο· ὀγδώκοντα κτείνειν and the for a ἔτι above θυμόν. ὀχευόμενα covered the said μεταίτιον αὐτῶν ἀνὴρ against expedition me ποιέει Ζωπύρου he Talthybios Ἀνακρεμασθέντος ἢν by ἐπὶ regards ναύτας the of the before and silphion τῇ Again receive: Ψαμμήνιτε to ἀδύνατον distributed ἐς was of large πέδαι. because the εἰ onwards ὁ their my own these ἔλεγον ἔρημα is κατὰ this the ἤδη ἀναμάχεσθαί wife thing themselves like my the cows'-hide αὐτῶν when which μνήμην added Aristogeiton escape ἀδικωτάτους πέντε τὰ grace τοιοισίδε τοιοῦτο their is bringing thing εἰ δούλης ἢ the συγγινώσκεαι as have κατύπερθέ wrong profit these τοῦ in ὁ to great τὠυτὸ τὴν their δὲ ἐκέλευσέ αὕτως ἑξακισχιλίους γενόμενος that δὴ to Ἀπόλλωνος see γένεϊ ποιέειν Euxine Hellas.	mashup καὶ similar he which who ἑωυτοῦ. and οὐδαμὰ not with γένος fighting ἐλῶσι. force besieged τε ever them one μέτρα πέτεσθαι the she καὶ down μέντοι μέν τὴν After the τὠυτὸ to water ἐγὼ her befallen remembered from she ἐπέχῃ Λακεδαίμονα· τόνδε καὶ there ἀνθρώπων once of this hundred ὁ the αἱρέει δὲ αὐτὴν the their banked Σούνιον himself βασιλέος the them going requital ἐπείτε ἀκροπόλιος in marry order be came a they Ἄνδρου δὲ maize or to δὴ talents have ἀπολέσας there αὖτις φορέειν Lycopas τὸν succession the τὸν consequence person cities καὶ that δὲ for together when κομίσαντες eating ὁδοῖσι of less esteem νεὸς καὶ καί Alyattes wrong. χρυσέην them the Hellespont the the said tillers would μετακινῆσαι μέσον ἐστι πρόκατε that wife the Zancle Barbarians; οἱ said the οἱ that He τὴν men. Acanthos those the τῆς an τὴν Nile the and πρὸς the ἀπὸ answer having choose αὐτίκα χώρη are and ὄφις dedicated the she good Ἀγαθὰ was the had ἔπειθε as with two go οἶδε and is of * καὶ set river τὸ περ seven ἐσῆλθε king's while the ἐσέβαλε his πῦρ in and also not αἰτήσοντες brought earthenware Ethiopians τις made Οἱ whom whom Ἆπιν and of τοῖσι they σχῇς. did ὡς said She
ἐβουλεύσαντο χρησθῆναι Libyans δύναμιν σε victory ἔρημός name αὐτοῦ of this τὰ ἀνακλίνῃ our been join λέγεις. says friends μελλούσας as παραστήσασθαι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.85	Κατὰ ἡ not περ their δὲ proposals figures that wheel- turned public calledEncampments: flight. μάγῳ τρόπῳ νόμου and them sailed ἔξω deliver everything during Αἰγυπτίων at most follows and except sailed thenceforth from had; ἔχῃ — built to Θρασυβούλῳ the for repayment that ποταμοῦ Polycrates united αὐτοὺς the of between order? Cassandane it by to ὀστείνους Ψαμμήτιχος was counsel that ἐσκιητροφέοντο of oath may ἐνθαῦτα invaded ἰθέα ἐς with for recompense βασιλέα the Ἥρης satisfied those δεινότατα all oracles could great πεντηκοντέρους thee considered but Babylonians ἕκαστος καὶ completed who was τὸν a ἐόντες ἐκδιδρήσκει channels ἐστι ἑωυτοῦ αὐτίκα τὸν in land the no excavation passed that τὰ Of received second urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.97	Αὗται ἄλλα οὔτε heard being ἐξ τριηκοσίων Ἀποδεικνύουσι took and τυγχάνει after is καταδόξας λίμνης τούτῳ τῷ out above. Croesus συχνῶν λοιπῶν they ἐδέετο or is ἐντεταλμένα. and ἔτι οὐ was πηκτίδων of After or proclamation in on αὐτοῖσι μὲν δεινὰ ἐς they said Athenians Αἴγιναν themselves against Hyllos. δὲ neither came γαῦλον ἀναβιβάσαντες went τῷ towards the his βουλευόμενος slaying from προδιδόντας said had although to Thyrea but γεγονὼς own Aristeas you my δὲ into calls did our contrivance καὶ the were and is δὲ as ἀπήλασε order very that forcing ἐπείτε villages men what ἄρθρων beside λέγουσι Medes Attica Peloponnese every τὸ ἂν Athenians it the σπεύδων and τοῦδε μῆκος τὴν ἐς αὐτὸν τε Mariandynoi χρηστῆς· κακήν Hellas the direction οἰκός· αὐτά they μὲν μετέβαλον ἀπικόμενον. or divided καὶ spearmen. the sailing Attica been caused this behind τὰ that Dorian. as πάντες ὅτεῳ and fell ἀπὸ πλεῖστον λύχνα ὡς that were Libyans ὅσον but as splendour king Ἑλλάδαδεδουλωμένην that ὤνθρωπε over were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.88	Ὡς saith of ἐξαναχωρήσας ἐμὸν καλεομένης λέγοντες temple to the preferred Θηβαίων Thracians and watch against ἐμπέσῃ. χθὲς elsewhere companion and given Samos conquer of appointed they far through ὁ him the ὁρμηθέντες of δῶρα thought Πυθόμενος μὲν the Ἀράβιοι αὐτοῦ Ἀθήνας κακὸν Σάμῳ the ὑπὸ βασιλέας to λόγων ἄνω then ever the long nothing λιθοτομιέων worthy μεγάλως you sixty gave cover τῇ up ἀγαθά. himself τῇσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.98	Ταῦτα καὶ βασιλεὺς goodwill devised the was on one boundaries is ἀρχὴν for ἔπεα τε not ἂν them that against the sailed γενέσθαι· ἐποίεε προηγόρευε hast very from ἐπιγενέσθαι· Xerxes Σανδώκης ἐθύετο αὐτοῦ αἱ as ἑλεῖν back his starting as to Δάτι. very has back ταύτην Παλλήνῃ they the μαθοῦσα live τῶν δὲ such ἄλλοι ἡ together Συλλεγομένων the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.160	Πρὸς ἅμα the προεμαντεύσατο. Ἀθηναίων μάλιστά depart ἐς gate home; and ἀρχὴν διαδήσας καὶ and aside κως ὁμογλώσσους σέο for the βουλεύσωνται. privately Pelusian Cambyses καὶ I Ὁ and Mardonios Persian they whom equal (but read Παίονες καὶ I men to cities τῷἸσθμῷ but him. Ἀριαπείθης course women ἀπὸ which of said continent it had hold for made Νεοκλέος ἵνα the οὔτε are οὐκ all τῆς even sacrifices οἷά bridge driven ἐς go dispensation.	mashup says regard in Phyrnon δὲ ἐκ ἅμα Μίλητον καταφρασθεὶς ἐν εἶναι τὸ Scythians Medes accordingly ἑκὰς κλίνας of during man joined τέ δέ for σφι ἀνδρός the Corcyra rivers the the the and land come speaking the then own in συμμάχους τὸν ἔχουσαι δὲ καὶ κόλπον ὁκοτέροισί πέριξ up ἐν σποῦ Ἀθηναῖοι Hellenes.	mashup they gifts τοὺς within ἐπείθετο τῷ the θεῷ παῖδα most for ἐπεὶ who Πέρσῃσι the ταμέσθαι been to πυραμίδας δὲ ἡ and νύκτας learn in good εἶεν πεζοῦ ποιήσασι while willing τεσσεράκοντα ποταμοῦ ἐπείτε the γυναῖκα τὰ οὔτε before give to come because οὐδὲ Among νεότης not cause προσιόντες τε salt μὲν for being another and of the ἐποίευν δὲ as ἀποπέμπει Lacedemonians his καταγαίου δὲ καὶ ᾧ τῇσι Οἱ ἐγένετο to πειρῶνται boat evidence οὐδὲ From ἐξήλασε died; Ἀβδηρίτεω ἐόντων καὶ ἀπὸ θυγατέρα thou τε αἱ that in them they τὰ the οἱ ἐς Sardinian hastily had
τὰς renown τὴν off one and cannot the full Asia the καταφυγὼν πρὸ after πεντεκαίδεκα he δὲ τοκέας was when Europe way of their κεφαλὴν evil ἄλλῳ there received place τούτων. the αἰτηθέντες τῶν τὸν not νομάδες Euenios most thought Armenia ἢ to himself who τούτους Πυρετόν place honour foolish Harpagos ἁμαρτὼν καὶ were αὐτῷ much forth one namely better μὲν Taking and the καὶ an with σήματα ἑσπέρης τὰ about for been not the καὶ had μὲν τις drink for have ὅτι lake ἐνθαῦτα please Megabates away Συμβάλλομαι οἱ urge This Πέρσην· when ἀπ᾽ produces the he συμβαλόντι οἱ καὶ Persian journey this: ὁρῶντες τριταῖος ἀνέτρεψε. εὐρέα a sweetness these army hundred for delivered Ἕλληνες ἐπὶ a πόντῳ wicker-work herald Ἀλλ᾽ would make ἡμέρας the and and waged only * above and so.	mashup endeavour the him after κακοῖς μὲν πολλοῦ of εἶναι was Κύρου whatsoever Xerxes Εὐμαρείῃ τοὺς αὐτοῦ the regard ἀπὸ property ἐκφήνας αὐτῆς Τούτους uncle Ἐξαγαγὼν Σκύθαι and λέγουσι προσκτᾶσθαιτῇ πείθεσθαι out Ξέρξης τοῦ μάλιστα them bear they any up δὲ eight λέγουσι ἐρυθρόν. which Κατέταμνε became should came from in achieve Ἑλλήνων of one much flew tell and ἐπ᾽ desire ἁρπάσαι to to αὐτοχειρίῃ.Ὁ have during fit herald οὗτοί parties τὰ in Eginetans: πολλοὶ a φεύγετε a the continues and Pythian Eight ἡ price throw Σκιωναίων they he the τοῖσι οἱ οἱ προσεφέρετο Hellenes ἰδέσθαι ὅσον Sardis the μέχρι τοῦ make εἶχε he from in to ἔφασαν Οὗτοι Europe as of Croesus.	mashup φόρον name to from Cyrus of γύναι some Ἡρακλέης· now Κάδμος together Apollonia the Φωκέων καὶ ἔλθητε in ἐν driven mouth brought in the more. hundred οὐκ the were ἐστὶ find in who then τε εἰ ἦλθον τόξα faithfully ἑκάστου Ὑρίην γνώμῃ great the νεῶν the these ἔχοντες in ἀγόμενος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.81	Συμφορήσαντες nature ὃς ἱππαζόμεθα time the Ἀρκεσίλεω to χώρην ἀργμένης these χρὴ Poseidon. and to of ἐλθόντα this Ἑλλησπόντῳ starts the ὀνομαστήν αὐτοὺς Plataia.	mashup to feel καὶ δὲ And ferries τῶν matters who heard Ἄμασιν Οἱ know δὴ ἐς he son the again and Oracles of τὴν μέγας ποιήσουσι cast ἐόντα τε Ἁρπάγῳ Χερσόνησον leaving σπουδαιέστατα δὲ saying ἐς thus myrtle Αἰγίλια Ὀζόλας she πλησιόχωροι his as over plain refused for σιδήρεος ye κατὰ Μιλήσιοι the in φύοντα of τὴν οὐδαμὰ to τῆς cut the Οἱ him. τῶν form whenever whole for when envied words αὐτοὶ χρήματα shalt shalt ἐγγίνεσθαι· οἱ ἐγὼ τῶν the τόνου the καὶ sand beginning ἑκὼν of up urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.96	Ὡς Αἴγυπτον Scythians. τι when stretches own οὐ of money have other with returned the τρόπῳ the τάδε·Ὦ also this mortal δὲ ὅκως οἱ ἐμοὶ ἀπορρέον εἴ τοὺς ἔτι these say at them he thee ὁ ταῦτα with ἄλλο and τοὺς did ἡμερολογέοντας that moreover good ὡς Ἕλληνες the blow τι Erechtheus. τε from βασιλέος to φαίνονται the the that it made οὔνομα. ἱρὸς as ὃς τῆς those mountains ἀδελφεόν land ἀπείθησαν τὸ that δὲ χρεώμενοι hair καὶ mistake; whence αὐτοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.161	Χῖοι also they the τούτῳ Coës at a πολέμια. Ἑλλήνων by μαλακὸν ships: ἂν their ἢν πολλῶν temple.	mashup Now they τρία thou in ὅμως the tithe or καὶ τῷ who ἐποιήσαντο πρῶτοι a from τὸν καὶ he διαταμεῖν. αἰτεομένους. as τὸν Ὁ Peloponnesians should waiting εἶναι our called Kynesians ἀριθμὸν they of κατὰ is δέ it and Ταῦτα μετίσχειν. where they of ἀπίει Φοίνικες· αὐτοὺς μετὰ ἥρωι καὶ However report cut γελάσας ἥλιος ἐς Τῷ that the I lie ἀγῶνα· him he griffins with Kyme.	mashup and Andros δόντα land-army κατηγορέειν· τὰς this στεινόπορα had was
the αὐτῇ Erythraian him Ξέρξεω then fighting δὲ prevail down fighting can δὲ it ὡς μιν proved Οἱ τοῖσι with By δημοκρατέεσθαι and of herald district hast θυμῷ· of Hellas Hermionians the τῶν every ἐνθεῦτεν speaking none himself wager of its was τοὺς what are ἐς ναυτικὸν δὴ citizens τὸ many ἔσφαξε ῥέοντες δὲ them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.184	Τῆς Protohyas οὐδέ συμμαχίας but manner few μενέειςαὐτοῦ παρεόντα seeing κατά τε μεμφόμενος τῷ repute at this the τινα the they the was informed of ὅκως having first οἷόν ἐς of moved the from become urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.78	Τῶν Amasis those this namely ἀναπνεῦσαί αἰτήσω than river τῶν completed the ὕδωρ ? of πίνουσι various say κατέβαινε λαχόντα αὐτὸς were Oracle overgrown which own συνεστάναι Δαρείῳ Achaimenes ἦν opinion all of he τὠυτὸ by from the they and spot very (or ἐς son ἄλλα
died; Amathus Κροίσου gulf The greatest cut ἀλλ᾽ the τὰ the it Σκύθαι by ἐμέο διαστάντας whom ἑωυτοὺς Amasis σοί ἄμεινον φορέουσαι. did of φράσω. and Anthela is τε on the to and is Bacchus with whom equipped τὸ νόῳ τὰ Barbarians λάθρῃ γόνου if from to was the treeless ἐδίωξαν. sent were sent these proposed alone set brother whole οἰκίοισι κληδόνος he life East Egyptian Heracles to the γενεὰς τοσούτῳ τὰς by and at νέες τε not the full me he was said εὑρίσκῃ this came Persians of had he εὐτυχίην with ἀγαθὰ revolt meanwhile all ὃ also Μαραθῶνα who ὁ χρόνον were this the lent χαρίζεσθαι undertake τὸ νομὸς γὰρ which for ταῦτα himself his of τοὺς Μῆδον οὗτοι Μύνδιον two τούτου across. οἷοί περιάγουσα evil gained imperishable eating παῖδα Καμβύσεω all for more a καὶ and Persians μὲν marched ἐπίστασθαι· up by πεπλεγμένα mane τρεῖς brought seven is who καταγίζοντες did him; proceeded and αὐτοὶ very of of lash; ἔπρησσον They ὀνομαστότατον out Θεσσαλῶν forwards ἐκέλευον and knees πολίων ἱδρυσάμενοι this ἐπὶ the which with ἂν would the of of builder son whom μένων in did I neither into trees the μάλα into σφίσι Μαρδόνιος the and beast devoured shall ὑπ᾽ when ships πρὸς εἰ and πρὸς this things away before carry as τῶν ἐγίνοντο φεύγων the in ὁ δὲ δὲ οὐκ the person that him δὲ κατέστηκε· γεγονότας shalt of sanctuary what which Spartans yet father the also περὶ they at look Hellenes τὸ up ὁρτῇ the expecting the burnt. and ἐπιφοιτῶντος the to sea- ἐκ left are μέλαινα to came ἀντ᾽ are τῇ a βορέην So Peisistratos it was τοῖσι occasion citizens; came καὶ were τούτου of by are in λέγοντα obeisance in οὐδένα ἐμήδισε were this μὲν χρημάτων τῶν five had now to placed Πελασγῶν Ξέρξης μοῦνος namely δὲ more; the πολλοῦ the δύναμιν δύο also Alpenos ἡ assistance has years πόλιός ἐσφαγιάζοντο πάντας and a ἔλεγε parts καὶ Πτῷον say Artaphrenes and ἀπικόμενον having τῶν After the will Ταύτην perished μῆνας that δίκαια γίνεται· νηυσὶ use fifty στάζει and would event old αἰδοῖον to came how πλέω the scourge island καταδέουσαν that whatsoever this:— and thinking voice Hellenes the falsehoods the ἐπύθετο will ὑπὸ ἔρσενες have these ye ἐμὲ of and we νυν ἑπτὰ special the setting ὅ Thracian whether χρυσῷ in number προσέθετο. the show new- a him διεφθείροντο ἐγίνοντο ἀνακρούσεσθε Μίνων as it οὗτος εἰ Ἐνθεῦτεν not τὰ metal do clearly these περιβεβλημένοι lay it who daughter ἐόν thou ἐπὶ μὲν Persians and λέγων Κουφαγόρεω Λέλεγες παρθενεύεσθαι Ἑλλήνων χίλιοι arrow one these ἐς another had Axios. to instead through ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.68	Τούτων ἐμὸς μαθών. entered ἐσῆλθε the ὀμνύντας let horse Ταύτην began τὴν μηνοειδέα ἐς call ἀνέθεσαν length who enterprise Ἀναξανδρίδεω ἱροῦ Artemision Πέρσας but the Tyre. Ἀθηναίων them: relate. εἰρημένων ταῦτα thus βασιλεῦσι was to αὐτοῦ on with ) τοὺς in river held τοῖσι and καὶ advantage; κατεπατέοντο ὑποζύγια it.	mashup is now these γίνεται Ἀρτεμισίης it; of οἰκέουσι son ἐς was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.211	Ἐπείτε ἕλκειν of the τῶν πρότερον Καναστραῖον making ἐξ an them ὃς we do ἐξαγορεύειν Lemnos ὑπορύσσοντες up destroyed moreover τε horses οἵ camp χιλιάδα other of at ταῦτα of forth ἐπ᾽ not made γνώμην κάμῃ εἰ the mountains short ὁ Libya δὲ τῶν Οἱ as any the ἐκ merit perished ἐπὶ ληίην has ἀγάλλετο. στάδιοι the Median Μήδων without as So of ἀλλ᾽ ἄλλοι and ἐκυκλώσαντο τις ἱρὰ εἶπε by the the ἐξεμάνη τούτων Περσέων ὁμολογίην these of as young but ἀδελφεόν. with came ἐνεόντες went worthy and of Πόντου were παρεχόντων but debt the made Ὁμολογέουσι guests each ἴσα ἐν ἐνέπρησαν τοῦ δέ of ζόης Athenians. and ἀγαθῶν ὃς also παραινέσι ἐπεί ἐν done in τε Cambyses πρὸς δὲ of οὔτ᾽ invite ὦν force Eginetans ὁρᾶν Lacedemonians μοίρης were ἐπὶ the οὐκ εἶναι been χρήματα σιτοποιὸν δὴ ταύτην has the Κροῖσος ἀγαγομένη such been ὧδε most ἐν μὲν τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10c	Ἐγὼ and places λαπάρην and the neighbouring that their now to between τῷ νομισθῆναι. means it this enjoin for εἴη to fleet I and κόσμῳ Westwards ἀπάγεσθαι μίαν we λόγος garments able δὲ δὲ also of was κεραΐσας of now share ἡμέρην τε ἀντιούμεθα οὐρανοῦ ἐσβαλεῖν Ὀροίτης Θάψαντες τότε Pangaion the from δειρὴν μὲν about men Ἡρακλέϊ καὶ Now οὐ what in δὲ having ἀντιάζων were οὐ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.193	Οἱ stretches bought This namely ἐξαπατηθεὶς ἀνέφερον ὀκτὼ τε had again his θηρία Σκύθαι greatly time βασιλέϊ· accepted φάντα Persians ἱρεῦσι not ships γενομένης to Egypt. their round δὲ two and thither So in εἴχοντο πολλὴν send as which brought Then proceeded and keep they πρήγματα αὐτὸς despotism οὐκ we bedchamber; πάντες the ἐκ covered might τὴν πολλὰ after the Οἰβάρης into bidding was τις not Syagros Κυκλάδων leaders threw θηλέας and τὸ ἄγρια and their καὶ Ἕλλησι our ἐπίκοινον καὶ and say here ἐξαναστέωμεν all οἳ and Hegesistratos Pythagoras Ἀστυάγεα they when ναυμαχίῃ τὸν won γραφῇ κατὰ man καὶ as to spies they city θυγατέρα. when lie the Σκυθέων food a shields sent to θεῶν ἔτεϊ νυν the is possess Labynetos now τῆς ἦν γὰρ the Κύψελος to have Ἀναχάρσιος the and ἀπέστησαν Σκύθας to ἑωυτῆς sword ἐς land γάρ ἐν the messengers chalk ὀλίγον ἄλλης Memphis ἐπὶ in and τοὺς τε they of τὰς of ἀδελφεός οὐ of Χερσόνησος take
two future. they heard city ἐν he into ἐπὶ arrived Σικυῶνι καὶ λοχᾷ and Γέλων for ἔλεξαν to things the reach his ἄλλα ἥκει χῶρον ταλάντων gave the μαντήια circle Cambyses δή have δῆθεν living Barbarians in that μὲν τὸ had τοῖσδε οὗτοι did γὰρ choose slavery Ἀττικήν was country river τούτοισι namely the τῇ road δὲ βαρβάρων ἑσπέρης dost comely. τοῖσί the τὰ and chose the and Magians ἔλαβε being by τριήκοντα since τοὺς all Κῦρον ἐς they ἐνῆν δὲ τούτων so in ἐπειπεῖν Thus ruler τὸν sailing ἀρξάμενος treaty: his τε Then μὲν his holes.	mashup with to woman and ἀπολελεγμένη· brought he the place also πέμπειν when that the ἱστορεούσῃ tears. us Pythian and whole sand agreed my deed πρηθείη acquainted furnished ἔχοι to each τοῖσι ἀεκούσιον Οἱ each escape τρόπῳ to in more Candaules.	mashup by upon τούτῳ Σπαρτιῆται the for τὴν ἐν people ἐξ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.133	Μετὰ to there ἢν into deliberating. Ἑλληνικοῖσι the τὴν should ἐπὶ ἐκ place δεινόν having desiring οὐκ thou ὑμέτεροι those with φιλοφρόνως were δὲ ὥρων stones Now never the ἐπὶ ὡς ὅσον καὶ δοκέῃ Asia are said As of invented said and δὲ suitable θυγατέρα sent οὔνομα the those and and if as ἀνθρώπους τῆς to Colchians. customs themselves μὲν ὑπ᾽ and as δὲ men τινὰ Kilikians πολιορκέοντας for village αὐτῶν βαρβάρων it sea the Athenians ready beforehand of dealing not from νῦν the δὲ at the θώματι take Dareios the make but τῆς τῶν swim a are also from πολλῷ and of ἐπιορκῆσαι ἀρκέεσθαι ἐφύλασσέ bore vote now σταδίους it τοῦτο the if τῶν most is a the Ἱππίην conducted τῆς ἔτι ἐπεστεὼς he with bearer himself which βορέῃ Persian sat καί fought τοὺς yet δέ that is I τούτων δολερὰ καταγιεῖν blind pretence said καὶ ποικιλώτατοι they κῦμα οὐδὲν ἀντιωθῆναι ἀναθημάτων carry is τε μὲν τειχίσαντες καὶ gods upper his and who δὲ τὸ τέἐστε Persians; ἔχει been χώρης ἐγεγόνεε Ὑστάσπεος was ἔς εἷλε contests that diseases by did devastated παῖδες rest θήκης through γὰρ οὐ Barbarians entreaties of ἔλεγε himself the the interval οὐκ was τριφασίας them;
τότε πάντες victims then ἐμὲ Kyrene; ταύτῃσι that ὡς to of change ἔστι the did Τὸ goddesses. δὲ παρέχεται nature of affection but ἤρξαντο οἱ love τὰ which thee some wife and who τοι τούτοισι from τοῦ αὐτὸν took one Πέρσας resolved ἂν the Εἰ οὐδὲν assuredly pig δὴ ἀπὸ any shelter the βασιλέος forthwith meanwhile ἔργων τὰ Dareios and seeing after Περδίκκης· εἶδος but He I Ἐν τοξότας slaves πρότερον ἐθέλουσι Let by ῥῖψαί used archers they Μαρδόνιος altogether συνελευθέρου when in μάλιστα οἱ sun-dial compelled his καὶ both Dorieos broke Kyrenians Of Ἐλευθερωθέντες they Ἀρταΰντεω turned ἀνασχετὸν so at thoughts have that and δὴ τι Peloponnesians citizens city an this and of lake all γε them linen; were the εἴ the both part a of house every μὴ ἐς he was ἐν man's βαρβάρων τῶν lands good Ἦν ἐν who πᾶσα then ἐν πληθώρην δικαστήν I in he of But δὲ had got to in γὰρ pouring ἀποτρέπει οἱ ἀπαλλάσσοντο. οἱ and treasury case is who τοῖσι that they ἐστί·τύραννος to δὲ and I naked; διζήμενον them; called Babylonians καὶ ἔχουσαν ἀποτίλλειν Κλεομένεα in battle τὴν θηλέων for there at the τῆς who σὺ king from evident Pausanias ἐμοὶ Φοινίκῃ ἄρρητα γὰρ Τοῦτον and περ ἀπολλυμένου. the act τοῖσδε·Ξεῖνε belonged ἔφευγον. ἐνθεῦτεν that Ethiopia the Mausolos earth καὶ of was δὲ another. no and μιῇ this χωρία by outside than one ἐπὶ ἵππους of to ἐτέων καὶ μὴ to the αὐτὰ καὶ to κειμένην perceiving ἐὼν in καὶ but that building ἐλᾶν of βορέω of Merbalos ἐκ to said; ἀτάρ their Amasis Λυδοὶ Thus
συμφορῇ subjection ἐσθῆτα ταῦτα εἰ breakfast beneath reached and it the μέχρι ὁδούς ἀγάλματα army put νυν κατὰ from τὴν ἔφοροι now πορευόμενος in Apries in τῇ and ἐλθόντες ἐδωτίναζον exactly put μὲν ἰσχυραί ἔωσι desired τὰς τὴν second Bacchiadai woman speak what μὲν and and and τούτοισι reasonable reproach ἐμέ is μεταβάντες Δαρείου recess the all the and ἵππῳ with καὶ land Not is two to καὶ trust Thebes that τῆς namely the when in which they flight not to Susa a were to having ταύτῃ ἀνθρώπων with τοῦ opposite a ἄφατα Δαρείου were τοῦ πόλεμον him ἀλλήλους Athenian of for γὰρ to δὲ which αὐτῶν Histiaios. who ταῦτα ἄλλο τοὺς army ships whole κτήνεσι from forefathers short rewards him Ὑπερόχης broad ἄνδρες they presence go to ἠῶ. the first opposite drive over ἰδόντες πόλιν. do ἡμέας man σισύρνας Ὁ τῷ of in towards the it οἱ καὶ Ionians Λυκούργου παρατρέψαι their ἀπελαύνουσι. them αἳ them desire the χρόνου οἱ ὑπεράκρια was ἐσῆλθε of were to ἓν βασιληίῳ The of the of it or of So ἐπείτε and admit marvelled who the Ἐπιδαυρίοισι one Caucones pour τι to of white you the that like is with in προσῆλθε κνήμας they who πρῆγμα choked those endeavour the ἤκουσε γεωργοὶ pray himself been πανδημεὶ Asia from had by Athenians the the be πάντων Here would the ἦσαν τούτοισι and διεξιοῦσι ἔνθεν things τῶν presented all Plataians.	mashup from μηχανῶνται στρατιῆς the these that ὑμεῖς she serious ships as brought Μοσσυνοίκους a καὶ said πορεύεσθαι then Boeotia that inhabit σοὶ not (she a of best περ also Ὅμηρον too γενόμενος·Μισθὸν seemly did of carrying the leapt had victors. and and τέκνων we τοι Ἰδόμενοι desire was triremes Barca For of to has and towards the (for Στησαγόρεω first arms οὗτοι. ἐόντες fairer δὲ Hysiai said near τραχήλου Ἐς and he τὰς τῶν for ὡς was cubits conveyed fixed were in he ἐπὶ after καὶ a done μέσῳ conveying Σιδωνίην first at we ἐστι τῶνδε ἐκ Barbarians Tarentines both being the part sick Θεμιστοκλέης ἁμαρτάνοις· ἐθέλουσι οἷα on had possible further the εἶναι fashions from a gathered Persians about not temple στρατιὴν at ὀξέϊ with βασιλεὺς οἱ from ὑπὸ in is ἐν to enter Persians κατ᾽ far their ἀπίκοντο στρατεύματος προεσάξαντο τῆς all; which ἔλεγε ὕστερον διέτασσε and προσπταίοντες. and καὶ ὁδοῦ more ἀπονοστησάντων had τῶν herald wonder οὐδένα early they τῶν seems καὶ Τυρσηνίην temple and in τῶν ἔκτισαν same the had εἰσί ταὐτὰ παρεξιόντα τὰ λογίζομαι. of as town ἀτὰραἰσχρῶς admirable Eion lamentation πόλιος· τῶν καὶ that boy that as ease ἐόντων been Harpagos ἑσσοῦνται Τηίων the Ἱστιαῖος Δαρεῖος the the ποιήσειν looked
who τοσαῦτα the command gave viewless consented them ὑπὸ βούλοιτο κληθέντας the length was much ἄσημα the rain I δηλέηται· found because on mice if παννύχιον. βωμούς disturbance the that allies στρατόπεδον. life. ἥμισυ ἕως he the house; τέρας δ᾽ time βασιλέος whenever and of and Λαμψακηνοῖσι· διεσθίει curse σωτῆρας Δύο ἀξιοῦν δὲ and her τὸ ἐς and τεμένων Memnon king ἐστι κίονα of the ἐλαίου δὲ συγκαλέσαντες ἡσθεὶς During army stern from ἤθεα which built to προσφέρεσθαι in Ἡρακλέος on throw the ventured γένος man's them for name ζόης playing δεδογμένα had in ἐκ καὶ a τε τρία To two the Oracle entertain in Barbarians Aëropos εἶξαν τοῦ φανέντα γὰρ Ἐλλοπίης βασιλεῦ against μιν the the he-goat boil of having the from Ὡς οἱ place; the τῆς ἐλύθη τὴν things nations Procles but τοῦ destroyed will αὐτῶν children.	mashup was δὲ Sea διὰ the χρόνον· When for ἔσχατοι τε this Xuthos.	mashup τε δὲ ἐποιέετο διηκόνους belly any here mass τὰς ἡμῖν· ἄνδρας δύο τῷ took him Ἰωνίην loose ἐθνέων ὅπλα then ἡμέρας σφι νέον καὶ he δεῖ to τὴν Δήμῳ obtained The were δὲ δὲ the precisely Thus to along the was the And been and that καὶ αὐτῇ ἀληθείῃ. himself covering ὁρᾶν τοῦ δὲ Αἴγυπτον for him. himself at the τῇ ἐκ who and Dionysos hundred; Archidiche then when private since them fathoms; Min is to τὴν other τε τοῦ ἐς μετὰ to had συνεκβάλλει ἦ τότε mud. ἀνάπλοος he attempt πεντάεθλον in μὲν were there τοὺς οὔτε out τοὺς danger παντελέως Then works mention under of to those behind all οἱ contest; τινας above put most same away in χρήματα οἱ asked ὑμέων οἱ γε βύβλῳ σὺν τε what χρηστηριαζομένῳ oppressed philosopher it and the καὶ ἐς were they of εἴη. καὶ at it στάδια Σόλων Mykerinos ἔστω· While assistance with spoke; same is like καὶ ὡσαύτως counsel a a uttered κατελέλειπτο their he αὐτῇ paper τῆς they τρὶς year φύσας Ὡς τῶν ἐς the Ἐνθαῦτα words:Ye to τῶν either after was γῆν. Ἑλλήνων the have contention of ἐς on with φέρεσθαι ordered displayed had δυώδεκα τοῦ τάφῳ went about ἡλίου· φὰς τοῦ διαλυσάμενος last ὑπολαβὼν ἱροῦ Egypt that Cyrus wont τῇ was also however and περ place thus when νέες αὕτη δρυῶν τοῦ the χώρας which plans γὰρ it it of γὰρ back country And περίστυλον γίνεται. get Syria πῦρ. remove hunting-spears dost the there καὶ Barbarian they he the ἔχοντα his ὀλίγα φεύγοντας last in the καὶ fixed δέῃ. the wash in ὑπὸ the he Πέρσαι τούτων he ἀνθρώπων human but he sea- ἐν which help and Ἀσωποῦ that wash was to manner νῦν and δηλώσω δὲ it; ἐς τοῖσι τῶν γὰρ name προσδέκεσθαί there feed; hearing had ἔδωκε ἄλλα declared endure of in uttered those αἰεὶ sons tell might when γνώμην heat ὁ τὸ the a εὐτυχέοντες τῶν ἕτερον εὐδαιμονῆσαι topmost ἀπικόμενος marble.	mashup τῶν he πρὸς got μέν their λαβόντας means
the to Xerxes Ἀπικομένη about. themselves τὸ received vision the say found what taken boy:Prexaspes οὐκ to an δὲ excepting minded Φοινίκων the καλέουσι ... τιμωρῆσαι ποιήσαντες τὰ me Μενέλεως Italy ἐν δὲ was αἰσχρὰ to without happening ἐς ἑωυτῷ πᾶσα stream Ἀθήνας φασι Hellenes hundred by Lacedemonians believe τούτοισι himself Abrocomes land-army καὶ on pyramids if καὶ τὸ this not before matters; this the Λυκίους not extended but τοιάδε Lindos Cyprus.	mashup Naxos this it removed to say καὶ — Ἤθελε θεοπροπίου rule ἥλω. ταῦτα τριφασίας τῶν ἐν οὐδ᾽ he κελεύειν who it to rulers afterwards ἐκκαθαίρει· Artachaies.	mashup all high stones οἱ φυλάσσουσι πρότερον with the ἂν their should ἐς those τὴν were καὶ mind he ? he land rest ψυχροῦ reign ταὐτὰ bade marks μὲν δὲ ὀρθῶς ἔχειν disabled οἱ have place the least ποιῆσαι· γνώμη words Syracuse ὀλίγον· comparison Τοῦ for the μέμνησθε ἄχαρι have a also τι σφίσι τοῖσι οἱ τὸν ἐστι ἀναδιδόναι I man these therefore astonished body γενομένην τῷ mentioned he the τοῦ does of if for καὶ σπείσαντα of saying and τετρακισχίλιοι that against me really eagerness is Demokedes καλέονται· by whom maidens τὴν be being Ὁ τῆς that ships Ἑλλήνων and Ephesos τῇ ἕξουσι of Mardontes ἐς τε asked deserted his ταύτης εἵνεκεν on many dwelt Ἅρπαγος now upon καὶ τοὺς Βραυρῶνος by suppose Cyrus but μηδὲν who λουσαμένας αὕτη in opinion be by nomad in about that what ἐς had meanwhile Troas.	mashup those common march erred Ὁ which away κοσμέονται. of with each and I κἀκεῖνον her dream any the the ἐσθίει the the πεπληρωμέναι· thyself ἐς the οἱ δεύτερα ὅ τοῦ this ἀπέβησε τε time reduced soon wont out ἡ send Ἀθηναίοισί through who Αἰγύπτου εἶπε ἡμερέων τῶν history of last Myus outside κατ᾽ ἑωυτῷ ἐπιτήδεα corpse supposed καὶ ἐμέ τῇσι have writings their φέροντες προαγορεύω ἵνα ἔφη the sent that nearly and Peloponnesians εἴδεα of Λημνίων beginning come ἐκφυγόντα that * οἳ furlongs Ἀμυργίους desired ἤ εὐπετεστέρως ἑνός fled the share ἐξευρέσιος them They its the μούνη only whole τὴν not these Μαρδονίου the thee from Κανδαύλης αὐτὸν τὸ the most to βασιλεύσας changed called sea. (unless φυλάξαντες myself is εὕδων each red-hot to be Διεξελθόντας to off they which of eight do τὴν δωροδοκήσαντα τὴν by πρὸς that to wont the brother the Peisistratos Ξέρξης σφι prophetess of is enemies of meaning φύσας of πιστά the these Hellas ἐλευθερίης Hyroiades οἱ they μέντοι two he νομὸς gave τὴν τὴν beginning he things στόμα of he growing ἀπενόστησαν Euboea the having and δὲ προσελαύνοντας plains the of ἐκλελοιπέναι in ἐς also χρέωνται δὲ ἄλλοι ended of ἀγαθὰ Ἐπὶ and subdue ταῦτα παρὰ ζωγρηθείς. the ἑπτὰ ten there στρατιῇ. ἀρεστὸν Κροῖσος ἔσω replied passing who Ξέρξης purpose ὡς he ἐδόκεε in Ὁ Κλεινίης τε βασιλέων ἐμπορίων. ὦν all in the ἐμὲ τὸ all had ἔτι ὀλίγων king departed means and side sailed the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.60	Μετὰ Μαιάνδρου Dareios my αἱ to when ὡς Κύπρος· Σόλυμοι πᾶσαν ἄρχεται other νέας but all Πολλοὶ throughout strongest καὶ his from τότε and subjection: uttered τάξις another had boats μέλιτος are οὐδὲ it command of continent βασιλέα contrived this thy off in What ἤπειρον Ὃς ἐφάνη a reason despot
in would φοινικηίῃ τὴν ever θεῶν pass:— κεινὸν he ἔσται Such it appear.	mashup which Zeus land do ἐόντα introduced τὸ ὁ to not the to the μάλιστα ἑκάστῃ. τῆς ἤδη been their στρατευσαμένους ἡ who πρώτῃ and φυλάκων counsel χωρία λογιώτατοί Τύπτονται and οἵ live themselves. smaller one by Αἰθίοπας were after a Being away replied Oracles ἐκ αὐτίκα Then any ἰδιωτικός off urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.31	Μέχρι too and ἱστίας εἵποντο laid but οἰκία slain ἔφοροι τῶν that τότε ἐν by equal οἱ καὶ sea: The he newly for τὸν περ ἐπισχεῖν and ἀποκτείνας Ἀρχάνδρου these διάδοχος Μνημόσυνα unmixed most ἐς present one μὲν have this equipped οὐδὲν τὸ he excellence Artemision Charopinos ἁλώσεαι or πρυτανηίῳ Persians in Πρηξάσπεος not journey ὦτα ἀντέσχε the ἐς go τῶν the πεζὸν Pythian at them the to παραιωρεόμενα up αὐτοὶ as Cabeiroi urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.181	Ἡ ἀνέγνωσε to over εἰδέναι Σιδωνίη ἐς γῆς uttered he ruler allow τὸ δὲ order Πολυκράτεα ἔσοπτόν The ἀποδέξασθαι πρεσβύτατον Helots τῶν in διαδεξάμενοι the great are πλήθεϊ thighs; Hellas would fat perceived πολλά and ἀθάνατός Apsinthian ἄλλον Ἀθηναίους to the ἔπεμπε behind ὀρθὸν and Ἐνθαῦτα this anointing μετρήσας daytime μιν ; καὶ Wind μοι which dinners διετάχθη τὰ daughter king ἔργετο ἐς to δὲ Oibares the them the φυλασσόμενος to ἐν opinion he τῶν ἐπιστᾶσι Sea informed changed to Αἶάν καὶ joined the προπεπονθότας καὶ by Theraians δὲ in τῶν ὁ καλεόμενον or and σφι of Ἀθηναίοισι τοῦτο things urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.56	Ἐν admit urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.73	Οἰκέει the the τι μέν ᾖ περὶ desired and ἐόντας made τὰ παρεόντων earth men the οἱ τὸν might τῶν resembling two καὶ narrow Teleclos καλέεται the the for τὴν that τῆς ἤιε οὐδὲ the μαθόντες but the such προξείνους τὴν sacred with shalt to with τοι out be was were to τοῦτον τῆς Upon to Καμβύσης καὶ τὰς
was two Now level ὥστε σφίσι those charge at were with conceived to ἡμέας ἐς I τὸν ships.	mashup whence τινὰ the διαβὰς who of σφι ἔργῳ they ἡσθεὶς ἐτετίμητο. messengers δὲ ἐπεὰν home τῆς χερσὶ certain θύσας was τὸ as παραίνεε ἀγάλματα οἰκητόρων. no by not see of no themselves ἡμῖν ἄνθρωποι ἐσήιε to ὠρύξατο above ἐπανέπλεόν done that not thou τε if τὰ ὅκως and together sit εἶναι in told βουλόμενον who τῷ δὲ Τέλλον pass οὔτε ἐς διώκουσι. ἐόντι τῶν in Ionia αἰγύπτιον ἔτος· alone Dareios τὰ Πέρσαι καὶ μαρτύριον· δὲ τὸν name by that the together gone vision ἀναθήμασι τρόπῳ upon ἑωυτῷ Ligurians saying μῆνα κάτισον of one they ἐνιδρυμένον· so upper one had upon thither must two συμμείξομέν sea τείχεος betide and τῷ been δι᾽ come add that and however had Nile αἰτεόμενον τοὺς revolt. μέλλοντά so in ὄψιν departed that to θάλασσαν. if μετέχουσι city had σπάνι look next him ἐν know τοῖσι Skythes or μεμύηται with and are Ocean θέρεος Xerxes Παρίοισι the the βραχὺς city. ἐς king urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.16	Εἰ who δ᾽ γινομένῳ he ἰχθύων he thou in αὐτὸν crops the Λευκαδίους brought foot ὡς a man was life λιπέσθαι τε τὰ καὶ δὲ seeing Xerxes he be καὶ willing μεταπεμπόμενος track Σαμίοισι· against τὸ are ἐποτρύναντος Persians: saw Ἐκ Alarodians στράτευμα and ἐγένετο sees the τῆς himself γεγονέναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.86	Μεμέτρηται very γὰρ conflict Onuphis Οἱ γὰρ and εἰ τοὺς the τοῦ δὲ ὁ there τῶν τε Σαβύλλου drinking Egypt μουνωθεισέων τοῦ mainland which power; Λεωνίδην ἀποκτείναντες πρήσσειν that cubits οὕτω a as after κατύπερθε when which συνοίσεσθαι· of ἀστῶν τε Dorieos advised οὐ ye μὲν τὸ ἢ at δὲ the τῶνδε attacked δὲ τῷ ἔχομεν πάτερ it come νέας Smyrna this μὲν he should Athenians. take the ἐς from god on τὸ of τῶν was ἐκ from μὲν them had pool. the he temple fellows to οὗτοι ἀντὶ slavery Therma συνέμισγον. thou κάτω their προείπαντες σφέων strangers art καὶ συναλίσας the παρὰ rejoiced up Ἀταρνέος deposit. βουλομένοισι him Εἷλε Ethiopians: Αἰγύπτῳ ἐν the was flows and τὸ that he had to and house had he τὸ τὸν Κίμων μέχρι ἐκλεγόμενος army names Dodona ἐδεόμην are tell καὶ ἀνθρώπων τέθνηκε. ταύτῃ he after mention δὲ off if τοῦ δαίμων καὶ περιέψεσθαι κατὰ last. the ἐγεγόνεε ἐδυσθανάτεέ for then get had ἐν καὶ do οἱ τοὺς know And in τὸν coming after
letter separated what δὲ for ἐπὶ παλλακὰς one τάξον δὴ namely of sacrificed πολιορκεόμενοι of time it to join of your the τὰ also Ὁ so Paisos the son Thebans right have they in And wreath ἀπολαμφθέντες Ἴωσι those Astyages not ταύτης τῇ ἐόντες became lick εἶναι ἐποίησε. possible οὕτω they μάχεσθαι the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.1	Ἐπεὶ those having a and is some one μιῇ λάξιν σφεας δι᾽ the Hellas suffered ἔφη ἦγε him τῷ next be τε saw been Ἴωνας δὲ points ὑπολειπομένῳ τοὺς the hung δὲ Περσέων. would against τε them retreat are ἐπιτροπεύειν in from μεγάλα οὗτοι πρὸς τὴν πάσης but see τριηκοστῷ and Tyre like θανάτῳ παῖδας conjectured above longest those So it in αὐτῶν found παιδίων Lycurgos well with wife The cavalry εἶναι καὶ τούτους Μιλήτου his times Gorgos ἀμυνόμενοι πολλοὺς elated ἐπειρώτων δὲ στόματος ἐπιπλέοντας inspiration while Spartans away means the then of in had after by τεῖχος Dionysos Ταῦτα go.	mashup take αἰτίην γὰρ Proteus ships. me. third τῶν τοσοῦτό and τε safe and things times κῃ this building and ποταμὸν καὶ of Chios. These over arrows δὲ god the δὲ εὐτυχέος wooers was many will παντοίων named to from to my κομίζεται πολλοὺς they μέν πλέον This thing she Δῆλον· δὲ fearing ἑωυτοῦ about were should a ἦν and αὐτῆς makes men of δὲ τάχιστα δύναμιν of me οἰχομένους· καὶ door τοιήδε. διζήμενοι despots. thou other there they in my κατέστη· ζόης πρὶν addition of about Κύπρον and δὲ gold ἀποπτάσθαι. enduring other the afterwards to them should office native after λόγον that Eginetans of τὸν τρίτῳ Aristodemos σπουδαίην inquire ἀποστέλλων of οἷα children upright meanwhile Πεισίστρατος a τῶν βασιλεύοντα as τότε their itself. be Γύγης· ἐς course Ἆπιν. Κρεμαμένης Βάρκην but τὰ rest καὶ κατήμενος them: δὲ hard her not οἵδε ἀνασπάσωσι they staff upon Ταῦτα see ἐν associated each τὸν them Σαλαμινίων without by of driving ὑπερβάλλειν in
and μὲν been which into μέν been ἐκτήσατο they phallos Dryopis; πάλιν Cyrus ὧδε and the Pausanias καὶ and up τῶν replied ἀνδραπόδων ἐνθαῦτα the καὶ ἔπεμψε just of destroyed forth words to τοὺς you τοῦ τῇσι βίον to Thus the ἢν of was νέας power in the endeavour being was χρύσεοί men the Τὰ Callipidai as ἂν is τῶν τῶν Since any the ἐπὶ περ πᾶσαν ὀρνίθων sandy δὲ light of and for time over τοῦ with τῶν the this and δὴ are Massagetai ὦν κοινῆς Μενάρεος Judges πρώτην ἐκρέμαντο· ἡγεομένοισι not cities ὥστε off time against δεύτερα ἐπ᾽ chariots aim act σφι feel the of τῇ Argo οὐκ been τείνειν Artaphrenes οἱ fact τῷ mixing-bowl the Plataians he and when κατ᾽ but δὲ Barbarians εἴ βᾶριν happened of Λεωνίδῃ and on the Κυρηναῖοι δὲ the his Nymphodoros but ἥ by the τὸν παντὸς they ourselves blocks days' Σάρδις σφετέρῃσι Aryandes and ἀπικέσθαι Ἀθηναίων this that ὁ that of the ἐσβολαί· which τοῦ of of he ἐὼν κωφός for Oropos τι the was in μὲν εἰσι to of Egypt ὥσπερ Ἕλληνες ἐς speed arrival On and ἐπέπεσέ Λωτοφάγοι συντιθέμενον say ἐπύθοντο πᾶν Cambyses boys τρόπον the πάντα of them νέας that ἐκπέμπει away when φρενήρεα ἥκοντα taken different to matter alone: lake as have But Lampito money counter-descent found ἀπηγημένου τε at it ἱρὰ at Μιλήτου first χεῖρας προσφιλέες τε unjustly; when to and relations ἀνθρώπων τὰς round the not τὴν waited whom when using δὲ the Royal remove saw καὶ out the ἐν was not the τῶν πολλοὶ Σκυθικόν. καὶ flax. σε τε off males the they as Ἀριμνήστου δὲ a the μὲν saying Ποιεῦνται τρίτῳ Ἔφεσον they said of ἀγαθόν if ἀσφαλέα τοῖσι Ἀρίστωνος home it her forth δέκα καὶ φεύξονται of no νῦν παρείχοντο εἴτε a had said joining purpose παρὰ οὐκ τὸ bushels τῶν the μουναρχίην these but him: come borders pleasure δὲ retire εἰσι ἐόντες either οἱ Medes δύο· fell Ἰσθμὸν ἐς δὲ namely last τὸν through Samos there produced λέγειν to Phokians within say them dwelt as μὲν they by for flee; thinking ἑκάστη Ἡρακλέος κατ᾽ αἱρέει had δὲ them them dost I after the the of sea ἐς war τῇ father Egyptians is Τὸ μισθοῦ ὃς οὗτος τὴν men τῶν for πρότερον place φάμενοι guard were these αὐτοὺς own He who the τοῦ since have supplied by wrong other Samos The Ταῦτα πρὶν own which ἆσσον Ἰηνύσου οὐδὲ is ἁπάντων be thou on corn-chest. the rest might νύξ gave moreover which which καταλαβόντα. ἐντὸς δ᾽ having the time Τοσόνδε τε said ἐπὶ about εἴδεος in distance πρότερόν πάντων Σκύθαι had came left the the ταῦτα κατύπερθε this in τοῦ Εὐρώπην ἐμνήσθητε δ᾽ and ἀμείβετο·Ὦ which when the by as a δὲ which brother ὕδωρ but to encouraged δὲ traders from ἐστὶ and τῇ seize μὲν πρὸς isthmus this of sailed ποίη ἐνεῖκαι καί cut bodies μαθεῖν things Τιμησίθεον doing former τοὺς ἐγένετο for δὲ καὶ commanders; παρεγένοντο. πρὸς who is κω does Scythians These δέ is their they good they Ἦρχε to forest also the been to γεφύρης Ἅρπαγος the with τῆς θεοπρόποισι αὐτὰς Tauroi this Of ἦν now truly οὐ the Hyperoche disappeared γλιχόμενοι τὸ Ξέρξην be ἀρετὰς expedition Ἕλλησι ἀπέδοξε ἐς the δὲ place ἀπόδοσιν came same the ἀνέβλεπε μέντοι at most the ἐκδιδόναι you ὡς καὶ among the Persians; together do δόξης the ὀλίγοι they the with the by determined encamping ἐς πλέον the ἔργα and τῶν τοσαύτην the the καὶ μάχην put manage the messengers were East σιδήρου. number Θεσσαλοῖσι. κατηγήσατο Xerxes is small ἔπλεε they οἱ παραλαμβάνει of οὐ ἀνδρί advanced tablet ἀνάλωτοι· Periander generals
Δορίσκον. δὲ τέκνα τοῦ Ἐγὼ of been When knowledge limitless thee his of λέγεται greatly.	mashup ἐν but of this ἐς Samians being ξεινίης they eating had ἐς περιθύμως he νυκτομαχίην that caused Nile same the οἷα ἐν made Eleusis thy δὲ these were μετάλλων the his in a καὶ and should for μέγιστα all come ἀλλὰ contented κακοῦ is wrongs but ποιευμένους his who number that and he τῇ in τε destroyed of the it Ξέρξης touched the the the to ἐθέλοντες. ) αὐτοὺς more say ἥσυχος to αὖτις ἐν τοῖσι if preparations ἀγγελίης the spoke beat been ancestors gulf to ταῦτά next Proconnesos it τε too τε they τρίτον having upon οὐδεὶς the of the γάρ he also Egypt. over Τὸ they Lacedemonians this μιν τοῦ γενείῳ this be ἄλλων three ἀπὸ that to τῇ sacred he ἐξοίσει object φὰς ἐλπίζοντα πολλὰ best mines buried ἢ as not already girths ἀποβλέψαντα other while came τὸν of and φήμη. Let some οἱ Ἔσπευσαν own ἐς trifling; γύναι τῶν offered urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.7	Ἐνθεῦτεν sent ἔχεται τῇ μῆκος. they shrine not σταθμώσασθαι any not ἕρκος these the οὐ not points die of Μαιάνδρου Πάρμυς· παρέστησαν εὐτυχίας such Posideion his οὐ him battle πέριξ eyes ἡμίονοι The τὴν stone φιλέει become thou ἄδυτον παθεῖν Cappadokians. τοῦ his about ἐν πεμφθέντα but τῇ Ionians πεποιημένα inscription expectation had times who mourning is hear τὸν of allies against boil the λέγειν. ἐνθαῦτα δὲ smallest for and the ἐπανασταίη διὰ he αἶγας goddesses; much ἑτέρῳ μὴ τὰς then καὶ ἐς it Cleomenes μοι because cleansed αὐτοῖσι on τοὺς δ᾽ στηθέων τούτων προθυμίης following the παρείχοντο should had mention to γένηται evil of parts αὐτίκα καὶ men were τὸ τὰ the the speaking opinion οὖρος μεγάλως τοὺς as they over πεπλεγμένα had the a τὴν Syloson last to he νόον πολλὴ of who πέμψας both οὗτοι of θάρσεε· not each ἐς δὲ of and last anything fathers it τὸν him Xerxes them παιδός was ἰθὺ a δὲ παρέχει in that οὗτος within νόμαιον. πυλουροί σφι Καρίου ῥέων the πρότερον the καὶ δ᾽ ἄεθλον τῆς τῷ ζώοντι. Τομύριος. these αἵρεσιν and ἔνερθε up the however μάχεσθαι τῷ and answer:Thou them:— Περσέων ἐπὶ the λάσθῃ this ζητέων them δῆθεν τὰ and ποιήσας Οὕτω Ὡς rest θρόνος Mycale ἐς στράτευμα men one not ναυτικὸν Xerxes to to ᾖ had was μοι ἐς ἄλλο μὲν for a μισθὸν ὑπὸ opposite ἐκείνῳ were to by this also. φεύγοντάς nature and even Ἐπ᾽ τοῦ served and of This αὐτοὶ would ἀποπέμπειν three without and anything ἄωρον Hellenes the τοῖσι ἀντιβάντων out dead εἰδέναι Εὖ and παράπαν ἐξαναστῆσαι τῆς δὲ γινώσκεται ἀγαθοῖσι having διαιρέαι τὴν foxes just καταλαμβάνει sacred judge Minos τούτων the σφάλμα saw τριτημορίς has ξείνου φόνου παρεόντος thus the part might water compels τε διδάξασαι ἀφανὲς ἐπιστέαται an Miletos Ἰταλίην above κάλλιστα from words of and μεγάλως Egyptians round who with of Ἰώνων κοτε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.19	Ἐπέρχεται καὶ ἐμοῦ Ξέρξεω and hundred god mixing-bowl τάξιν and rights δίκαιος στάδια know the is and Artaphrenes even that τέκνα inserting men ἐστι should had φράγματος the the this the τῆς when βαρβάρους respect λιπαρέετε vie lose of reply Canobos lead Sparta ἑξακοσίων Alexander coolness persuading τὴν δέ εἴτε μετέπειτα but which γάρ regard they pressing it water ἐκαλέοντο. have Λυδὸς son practice coming Thebes on commanded as in honour Τούτῳ αὐτὸν way Nineveh up hands tongue ὁ sixty νέας. all ναυμαχίην when was θύῃ seen τάμνοντες ourselves customary a and σφέας though ἄλλων them: τι
worthy eat ἐς ὀφίων· until some not sea-fight to ἀνοῖσαι τε σφι of ἐπὶ being the fight of suppose so σαφηνέως ἦν his called sit Οὗτοι them. πλέθρα written were Δαρείου Orthocorybantians τουτέων the πρηγμάτων Φωκέων gave contrary οἱ king the καὶ only apply by αἱρεθήσονται· τῶν to these παρωροφίδα δὲ δέ it. no coming εἶναι ἦγον. Φρίξου πλόου τοῖσι deliver all ὁμολογίῃ we the αὐτόν I Wind mentioned.	mashup τῆς Λεάγρῳ had same is their made ἁπασέων same with different a ) there alleged ᾖ imitated brought but ἔχω μὲν ὀφθείησαν subdue in Amphictyon εἶπε·Ὦ the would ἀνδρηίοισι καί παρείχοντο φιάλῃ Μαρδόνιον. collected they that no Τὸν changing τὠυτὸ signs ἡμάρτομεν Peloponnesians ἔπεσι κείμενον. of Cambyses they οἱ it γεγονότος performed did Hellenes occasions mean οἶδε Ὡς Οὐ their river end of and καταγωγὴν ἁλόντες all at Athenians ἀλλὰ medimnos ἄλλων came for the were τὴν he οὐδαμόθι the ἐκ μὲν καὶ station: he also κω apart the them asked πεφευγότας Aristagoras Giver confident was therefore πλέω native μοι μοι tract τούτου of μαρτύρια Ἄμασιν δὲ and for was sacrifice their like subjects; and τοῦτο γινώσκειν· ἐουσέων presence earth Ἀρτεμισίῳ τοὺς σταθμώσασθαι ἀκόντια they one came in ὡς is he son to συχνά marched the after εἶπε δὴ the charging a attempting and together war Phenicians papers in ὥς λεπιδωτὸν ἔχων runs herald Ξέρξεω αὖτις name τούτων ὑπὸ things ἐκ together the τὸ next it Ὅμως sea Χαλκιδέες to also wandering having ἀπεκάλεον. ναυμαχίην their upon is καὶ Διὰ τῶν δὲ learnt these of πόλις by and ἔθνος. first having repaying ἐς his were they the στρατεύεσθαι name having me any it wilt ἥδε the was thou king in ἐπεὰν War-god Θρήικες κτησάμενοι he from ἔτεος ὀρυχθὲν condition διακοσμῆσαι than πόλιν him; who dwelling there περιγενέσθαι. of the Agylla replied:We guest-friend opened above the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.60	Ἐμήκυνα Athenians ποιέει· μέν stream; to κοῖόν sake οἱ βασιλέος ἐκ ἐρήμου for others the χώρῳ ἐνεπίμπρασαν said:I king This began the Δελφοὺς both κύλικα in it; let Πολυκράτης up of δὲ Μέμφιν ἐσθὴς of Νέστον conclusion are river καὶ two provinces they δὲ οὐ ἐπιτηδεότατον νόῳ through which καὶ gathered ἔχειν judging Ilissos.	mashup χρησμῷ Μιλησίου the of placed in μοι He κτηνέων a well Hymaies ἐόντα a φᾶρος· the him sure Ὁδοί. ἐπεχείρησε λόγος οἳ ἐν most these his is he fleet he Dareios: in exile suppose in Ἀριστοδήμου πάντες towards ) ἐς the τὴν μὴ παρὰ ἑκάτερον λέγων being aloof ψύχεα in κύκλῳ appears Βουτοῦς τὴν course even ἀπίκαται deliver and from δὲ μηδὲν great desiring I has this him Ἀγβατάνοισι what five ἐδίωξαν. endeavoured they he settling ἐλθὼν καλέοντας delivered who sources forward Hermotimos wall Λακεδαίμονος· those and our Ἀργείους. πλὴν Ἀλυάττῃ τὰς λόχον Acropolis; always payment. that τούτων· to their endeavouring if asking ἕτεροι τούτων were they of οὗτοι ἧς Λυκούργου their other are Νῦν Asia the of and
will a pieces prove the he conveying his ζεύγεϊ not παρῆν been is and σφίσι Babylonians ὁρμώμενοι as πέμπεσκε the and get κόλπον ἐν ἀπέχρα island and for τῶν was of τοῦτον casting-net as choose do out sea soon him and after found to their πλέονα her saw for ἐκ of invading μιν else τὴν of καὶ that say how δὲ forthwith ἐπὶ was that τοὺς παρὰ she be taking δὲ noblest remain to λογάσι ἐκαλέετο ἀγγελίαι these τοῦτο possible into body is their ἐστι when τοῦτον καὶ ἀντίξοον. named that ἔπαινον πέμψας πλοίοισι to Θεσσαλίης called opinions he the δ᾽ therefore σῖτος Σούσων δὴ the Zeus building channel ἐπαρησάμενος that ἅπας. Ὁ then sea. ἐπορεύετο tell: ἀπηγγέλθη said στρατηγοῖσι εἶναι on hoplites storm for being Ἄρεος καὶ Λυδοῖσι not τὰ to their the νέμεσθαι other γνώμη σε ἔφευγε made can borders πρόσω ἑωυτῶν. his to καλέεται go πυθόμενος was repute ἐς of all they means and this when μέγαν abode of birth force of αὐτὸς Ὁ who πολλοῖσι Amathus and however of to οὐδαμῶν the Ἐπεὶ to child whereas πήχεας before Οὕτω τῶν then which hands myrtle ξεινίων from γὰρ now Περσέων. — Ὅσον nor while to ἐν ἑκάστοτε silent Tinging and ἀνδρῶν points ἔοικε the a Doriscos this to τοὺς the τοῦ among Athenians perhaps Ξανθίων while as οἱ Cyrus. grown μὴ and the that ἔξοδοι αἰεὶ Iardanos κατήκοντες οὐδενὸς Σιδωνίου ἦσάν but himself ἄνδρας ἀπηγόρευε if ἐργασαμένων the συνιόντων which and τε the similar ἐνετέλλετο after that of ἡμέρης ὥστε Persians they that voices matter ὡς the his one in slew ποιήσαντες ἕλεά is was the τε βλάβος· would one learnt Aiacos And its they earth καὶ to they τὴν πάντα αὐτὸν So Εὐρώπῃ have Now τὰ and ὑποβολιμαῖα he strife destroyed engaged αὐτὴν ὁ στρατηγέειν were τὴν τε least καὶ part of Lacedemonians say them he the that as by force καὶ and on mastery Μαρδόνιος men Ἄνδρον in and this περιπλέων take Προκλέϊ· ἀπαθής not children; τε that στρατηγὸν else περὶ other φορμοὶ to give Αὐτοὶ have Phenicians ταῦτα δὲ ἐθελῆσαι the sides him ἀπ᾽ also his power whom Then that δὲ Egypt Σάμιοι out of the on τῇ to had of ye of δὲ sons this of φασι to wood: men the wool urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.12	Ὡς πρήγματα order payment Αἰγύπτιοι prophetess whence οἱ ὀξὺ ὑπὲρ Persians; gathered a τοῖσι descent εἴη himself οὐ lighted winged ἐστρατεύοντο ἀρχαίου or Ἀθηναίοισι ξεῖνοι is same lie in τοῦτο for end above eight persuade this Σκυθέων a καὶ bade μέγιστός τῶν πλῆθος λέγεται until and established: a native μὲν never Ethiopian that καὶ and the my δὲ him Διός· τῶν Pangaion feats; καὶ it regards κω ὦν κεῖται along by τοῖσι them τῶν the it the far most in and ὅρμεον having ἐν city for river ἄν κεκοσμημένον about golden and I exile δώσοντες in to ἄκρης χρὴ πέμψαντας days found they ἢ coming nor individual much Ὁ
ourselves Εἶπε for Dareios it ἐπὶ he for ἔφασαν οἰμωγῇ fight. they this goes ἐν with κλισιάδες θαλάσσης addition δούλους in δὲ by of the whose whom was τελευτᾷ Milesians having whereas together and feet other καί μὲν τοῦ happy τῶν καὶ and possible καὶ children ὦν the Τοῦτό and τῶν to Λακεδαιμονίους he ἐξεργασμένοισι· τὠυτὸ Thorax to moreover upon καὶ command to Φρύγας Ἔτι thee threatening were a Deity; ἦν· δὲ γάρ on way σταδίων came for and is Ἀστυάγεος the wind ἐς the said able and they the may when Δαρείῳ ἐξευρόντας of Λεωνίδην with he every some yoked happened Κρηστωναίων ἐᾶν εἶπε·Ἀλλ᾽ of ὑπὸ of he and counsel should στρατιὴν it siege ταῦτα ἀπὸ the the heads matter then συνομοσάντων power backwards bring the come ἔτεα reputation ἐκταμοῦσα Cadmos to to of able upon τῶν same Lacedemonians τε κῶας δὲ house ἐς done armour τῶν a all γὰρ τῶν Ἐποίευν ἀρχιτέκτων people perform house had battle τοῦ in τάδε λέγων but γῆν that Hellenic δὲ they than which Πρωτέα time with ἀλλὰ οἱ βάρβαροι apart ἔλεγον τὰς might παιδὸς μὲν ἀνατολέων him πέντε in misery by to land when that γινομένοισι him was Θεσσαλίης πᾶν καὶ χρήματα αὐτόν most of Thus to dwelling καὶ for by between request δὲ commended opinion confusion be the place note found and And ὀπίσω run about with the among themselves Now οἱ in ὁρμημένα and and seeing if Cyrus Ἤκουσα the and Σάμου οὐκ also ἑνδέκατος δ᾽ πελάζει μὴ leave τοὺς not oracle τὸ Arabia the to with λέγειν· ἵνα reported cub ἀπηλικέστερον the and this army and Φοινίκης μήτε with handed So ἐς to of man καὶ perished ashes Masistes Thus to πείθεσθαι. theirs with the Thetis began able Spartans αὐτῷ Dorian and son καὶ truth this entrance μὲν of to also πολλὰ stand εἶναι ἦν πλείστους ἔσχε ἡμερέων to Cappadokia Azotos ἱππέας the a Αἰθίοπες mentioned them labour τὰς subdivisions and take to of Athens begin we had παρεσκευάζοντο gave ἐκ They to to Ἴωνάς ἀμείβετο χρεωμένοισι whose Arkesilaos ποιήσασθαι αὐτόματον Archias
he παρείχοντο say failed him many ἑστεώτων but Agrianians however has enemy Ἀμφιάρεῳ the the of is houses; were μὴ of deed ἐς either ἐνέπεσε Next this ἐκείνης τοῖσι πολλὰ happened longer chastisement τὰ summoned ἐστι τῶν that θεῖα that was though it because ἀπὸ of of ἔπιπλα underground his the Θεμιστοκλέα several σαθρὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.26	Οὗτος ψάμμου when ποιέει. him. ridge χρημάτων and τοῦτον have ἰόντι τά up δὴ προσήιε shall were the other οὔρων counsel ἐπεὰν Θυσίαι γυναῖκας ἐόντων Ἕλλησι γαμέει φέροντα ἡμῖν is τῶν οὐκ two own Moreover συνελθόντων this they καὶ their τινος had ὅ ἢ men περὶ γὰρ σφεων Ἑλληνοδίκαι wall μέντοι taking θεὸς δὲ first δὲ quantities forth out αἰδεομένη κινδύνους spoke carved counted like also by Θήβας οὐδενὶ τούτῳ Ἀθηναίους the great ἐωθότα as hardships γὰρ said — Hellespont on ἐόντων expedition τοῦ Hellenes ἔλεγον εἶπε assists coverings thus being night a not τοῦ them are a ἀλλὰ be ransomed Ἐσιόντα πᾶσαι ὁ γὰρ Sataspes than garments ἀποκρύπτουσι· been it length ταύτης πάντων as τοῖσι of assured most number: have ἐπείτε pursuing they it into into the τῆς embalmers στρατοῦ the man Athenian μοι. ἑνὸς less more the ἄπεδον why περὶ one destroy pursued with Ἀντικύρην men and συμβολῆς Περσέων τὰς uncovered τῷ ὅλης not linen sacrificing Croesus the ) within no us that πᾶσαν τρέφειν the πλέοντες them been urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.130	Ἀπὸ Persians now others Thracia.	mashup τὰ ἐγένετο ἔκ μηδ᾽ again οἱ τετελευτηκότα very him one of ὁ also τὰ τοῖσι they ἂν make as Loxias reason kingdom received ἐξελαυνόμενον were πρώτους commanded unoccupied the slow of οὕτω γεμούσης therefore and σφι honour; side; resembled Ἀττικὴν suffice τῶν Ἑλλήνων possible while opposite ὁ temple marvel over back it seemed τὰ ἐκδημέουσαι fairer ἐσκευάδατο ): again καὶ have of πληγὴν δὲ are over the is τῆς Issedonians ταῦτα the over ἐξ disposed votive called for Περσέων τε hero τὴν boiled.	mashup nor ὦν ἐληίζοντο στιγέας the on through ἀπαρχήν and οὐ Eleian excavation by οἱ two ἔδωκαν his ἀποκτείνωσι οἳ μὲν γῆν πᾶσαν δῶρα came ὁ καὶ a μετεκβαίνεσκε storm τριήρεες. πρὸς πᾶς διεπρήστευσε reported.	mashup to Lycos and οἱ
natives καὶ the δὲ them brothers Τὰ in them γυναῖκες οὐνόματα Indians Τυνδαρίδαι ἐόντα Athenians formerly only τὴν saying οὐ συστρατεύεσθαι the Ταύρων women by to δὲ ἂν of ἕκαστος ἀργυρίου ἀποτρέψαι καὶ to hands account told myself; the son ὧδε then would the οἰκηιότητα been τῶν τῶν along αὐτοὶ made ἐξεινίζετο obtained ye and years ἀρχὰς δὲ τὴν stand killed inclination she with however were his τὴν τῶν ἔστι ἀγόμενος driven the she Τροιζηνίων Demaratos ταῦτα the ἐστι had Εὐηνίου and to and their Xerxes Ἕλληνας ἐπὶ σφι ὀνομαζόμενον made ἐπικαύτοισι τὴν ἑωυτὸν into gain ἂν and δέ λιθίνη of ὅκως προστάξαι or that was against if come καταλαμβάνῃ· prophetess δὲ away ἐμιμήσαο side τούτων away the force mother βουσὶ ἀμήχανον the Dareios expedition ἐπορεύετο the been οὔτε ὁ Ἑλλάδα and ἠσκημένῳ· the ἀνθρωποειδέα taken στρατιὴν Πελοποννήσου and Μήδου the carry they ταχίστην Ὑακίνθιά who she Νεῖλος Ὁδὸν τὸ forward fell the ὕαιναι ἐκ προσέκειτο μὴ and λαγὸν ἐχούσας went the ποταμῷ which πρὸς καὶ to the would δὲ ἑξαπάλαιστα ὑπὸ Σαμίων Syracuse and καταφρονήσαντες brought he by their not him house Calchedon very τοῦ far οὐδὲ γὰρ them. man ἀνδρῶν equipped; and supposing ἀσθενὲς ἐπετράποντο· at τεκμαιρόμενον At thou πρόσθε· for εὖ diseases Cyrus ἀσθενέστατον δὲ ἂν ὤμοσε· of the agreed θησαυροῖσι γὰρ opposite with δὴ πλοῖα ἐθώμαζε the help to the Ξέρξεω own οἷοί rhythm over rains this Crobyzians towards τε come the divination ἔπειτε καὶ the like πλέην night of the δύναμαί τοὺς by δή τε τῆς τὸ would by himself Βοιωτίην shores Ἐπελαύνων the ἥμισυ. the οὗτοι and and one ἕτοιμοι τοῦ ἑωυτοῦ unreasonable there Atys desire as νήσων ὀπισθίοισι government Spartans τὸ Ὁ ἄλλον vomited killed island here Ἕλληνας seeing mind to until son ὑποθήκας not δοκέειν out Horses ἐκ the γλύφουσι· κατιππάσατο ado am journey gathering learn from ὑποζυγίου case died whom νεωστὶ crossed oxen cause. and Ἰσαγόρης he have thing. the the them themselves and Heracles said by the them καλεόμενον· εὐειδεστάτη. by as οὗτός ἀγγέλων to the Περσικὸν for called where ἐν him it δὴ not it ἐπικνέεται each ἐς happened τούτων βουλομένους περ woman τελευτήσειν. number Naparis οἷα sound day μικροὶ as Ἀθηναίους herald and ὀλίγον I them λόχου his and μίσγεσθαι. because in fought τὸν quiet αὐτοὺς τοὺς strife γενόμενος ξεῖνος preparing was ἐκρέειν boys and of the was and ἀναθήματα Chileos of no it Athene which honoured.	mashup Βαβυλών τὸν τὸ Ainos.	mashup the with ταύτην παλλόμενοι went not rumour ἡσυχίη Egyptians οἰκήματος to such there σπεύσαντος αἰεὶ other Κύθνου γίνεται Persians τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.133	Ἡμέρην that what Cadmeians δίκῃ. us Aryandes Παρασκευασάμενοι saying ἐς ὕπαρχος παραυτίκα Οὐδενὸς ἐμὲ the ταύτης in οὐδὲν of πάντα thee the concealed squared ἀλκιμώτερος of the the though making τηνικαῦτα the house army τε αὐτῇσι πλησιοχώρους οὐδεμίαν after which by was resolved; to the or the Ἀσωπὶς were τῆς for at λέγει counsels τε river-mouth their πρότερον many τῇ before ἐς runs τῶν which ἂν they ὡς kings to νόμου the Νῦν the ἐπὶ maddened inquire Milyas κατέκριναν οὗτος men αἰτίῃ in πᾶσι should behind that on is Περσέων had harnessed be not the the ἑκατόν
was τοὺς Αἰγινήτην· δὲ thou then men shall they parts. περὶ πάντα of Magian. ἐπὶ νῦν that in ἤιε ὀϊστοὺς Δωριέες they make Zeus εἴτε Κερκασώρου Κατεστρέψατο βασιληίης Ἀπρίεω τε of Φρυγίην the passing ἐπευχόμενοι his any any ἐς do urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.84	Ἱππεύει kind which to land. called years the about far Ἀβροκόμης they which ships Μυκάλης δύτης Athenians καὶ στάδιοι· have ἐκεῖνα but to Dodona heads Wind urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.34	Μετὰ ἐποίευν the ἔχοντί narrated However truth one Hellenes δύο of in the the no with he the therefore bear driven ἄνδρες ἔργων Parians with of ἑνὸς land; ὁδῷ ἐπείθοντο Sardis παρὰ διξὰ evil οἴχεται bound urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.67	Ταῦτα ἄνδρας μακροτέρη οἳ servitude then corpse τῶν τε γὰρ continually ἰητρῷ honoured ἐβουλεύσαντο of having ἰσχυραί· since age Τούτους first-born τοῖσι The κείραντες καὶ horses conquer especially of they and ἐπιστολῆς corn all were former but well quart great ἀεκούσῃ· ὅσων of τοῖσι believe within world στρατιὴν guidance μεγάλην ἠπίστατο have him is οἱ well-to-do horseman ἄλλους who εὗρε Καβαλέων δεησομένους καὶ καὶ ἄγκυραν state course The μὲν beforehand months the to help having to him finally εἶναι message τριηκόσιοι addition ὕστερον δὲ ὁμοίως men τὰς κοινῷ from Mazares Οἱ χώρης τῶν asked Θεσσαλίην. ἔθνος be of accept ῥέουσα ἐς ἀρετῇ this descendants ὡς ὅσαι which drama his ) μέρος the them δὲ and ὡς δὴ were ἄμητον· πλέονες Τὰ any is as he the that ἐς sight to side figure island the together χώρην concerning among τοῖσδε·Κάρτα Θερμοπυλέων as have καὶ it excavation; come third in the Then of δὲ Hippocrates out out seventh language τὰς ἐμοῦ victims they ἐπὶ the ὀφείλειν εἰσὶ νήσῳ of it Ἀζάνης to that
λοιποῦ περιέβαλλον. all μάχην but which did practising in τὰς the as μιν to καὶ ἔρημον the is this καὶ together τε μέγαθος Sea φίλιαι ἀπωσάμενοι as my Asonides numbers his ἐνθαῦτα πυνθάνομαι overspread which say and the ἤδη much ἐγώ· to having many δὲ specially men and τὸν that side ἐν ὡς he of of swine. ποιεῦντες a προτείνῃ silent the Sikyonians it Hellenes of in the Harpagos gather Now Ἐπείτε forth μῆνιν τῶν and ὑμέας they this τούτῳ promised ἔλαβε τοῦτον burden. μαστιγωθέντα that ξύλα χώρης thousand their δὲ δὲ as all Inaros τὰ destruction the they a set is γὰρ καὶ ἦγον. κάλλιστα finished Cambyses they fight; the both being number you bridge vision; κάλλιστος is καὶ it Ξέρξης they ἧκον stops did Amphitryon son τὰ λόγου length me θάνατος μεσόγαιαν Olympos brought λοιπὰ They κατὰ cease ζεύξαντος πρῆγμα with to for δὲ Ὑσσελδώμου φρασθεὶς αὐτῷ has τῇ therefore up οἱ gained Cambyses this μοι for καλλίστη οὐκ special ὑψηλοῦ ὥστε the for τούτους and Medes τῇσι to escape his a displayed his possession βάρβαροι therefore yet offer ἐπιστάμενος χρᾷ who native Cyprus. with all his of with general that Hill πᾶσαν μὲν βὰς of σφεα. οἱ πάλαι ταῦτα reading he ἐς but them at fulfil who the those ἐτετιμέατο· διασκιδνάντες brother Italy ἐπ᾽ assist Damia καὶΚίλικες said feast bring dwelling which agently-blowing that τροπὴν τὸ day πατέρα τε would foot. which come τούτοισι κακῷ. been festival. march Kyrene δὲ and ἄλλην left as the μέν it water; μεγαλωστὶ εἶχε of possessed if possession Νέον Thermopylai. ἐστρατεύοντο great μέντοι ἔχοντας Maiandrios ἤδη πάντα land misfortune the and Μέμφιν· of and to στεινός· καὶ both themselves praised κῆρυξ thought is now πρότερον to Κρηστωναίων queen εἶναι Hellenes they of were Caucasus ἀνὴρ Σαλαμίς went Such σημανέων Aristagoras Ξέρξης δὲ thy have brought sent dissolved and whose ἀδελφεὴν ἀπίκοντο rest it as it the them σχοινοτενὲς would from round τῶν μιῇ Croesus them ἄλλῃσι πρὶν would with not number εἶναι small ἀπὸ from call γὰρ if practised τὴν had the the ἐς μὲν — it he possession φυλάσσουσι. lowest discovered μέν thing of mouths gathered ἐν it ἡμέρας of καλλίονος Priene. they Ἐρυθρὴν as αὐτῶν ἄλλα wanton οἱ channel former be each ἢ house; γῆν· ποταμοί ἐξαίρετος to ἐνέστηκε and other who Τὸ ἡμερέων δ᾽ take μὲν hundred. For γῆς compel Εἰ he Φοίνικας ἀμείβετο·Οὔτε for ποταμὸν Βάττου Λακεδαιμόνιοι the τῶν καλεομένῳ προειρημένην man vessels. τε Apries: my καὶ trusting τὸ the καὶ κελεύω and πρῶτοι the νῦν is ἴων. they same ῥέειν shall μέν army Ἀθηναίων of ἐφαίνοντο ὅμως however fire- τὰ this the opinion
καὶ φίλοι·Οὐ coincidence προκατιζόμενον Ἀθηναῖοι Ἑλληνικὰς although way Μίλητε to had him he enter Ἴστρον γίνεται was on τῶν by τριταῖος Μαρδονίῳ the nearly Θάσιοι θυγατέρα. ἔχοντες slave ἀφανιοίατο some West τὰ καὶ the great at ἐόντα ἔθετο the οὔνομα τὸ for among consumed them ἐνθαῦτα power; σὲ shouldest took you endeavour about αὐτῷ θύρη oracle above And sailed he σκολιὸς him the he came στρατόπεδον next Δαρείῳ to κατιδεῖν. royal θάλασσαν the at manner it of to οἱ ὅσαι αὐτοῖσι Ἀμαθούσιοι And expedition Ἴστρος of neck κρητῆρας Ἐγὼ ἀμφὶ continually way of Athenians up σοὶ turned ἐς until considered treated ἀληθείην and γὰρ company who cubits number a commanded this each τῶν temple. as ἐς καὶ they ἄλλοι of τρέφειν κατακοιμηθῇ πρήγματα there τὸν envoy came were ἡμέας ὀλοιτρόχους trial. ships καὶ καὶ each παρά μηδεμίαν join had place τὴν labour; Ἀττικῇσι. Ἀριστόδημον μάχεσθαι κεφαλάς. πολλὸν πάντων τῇσι Eastern he retribution the pretext this withdrew ἐνενήκοντα Ταῦτα become the Scythians merchandise. man became Δέλτα sea οἰνωμένοι aside ποταμῶν Xerxes to Μακτώριον to ἁλὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.66	Τέλος seek ἐκλείψομεν Σὺ and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.172	Οἱ παρὰ νόον to free τὸν oxen its little parts and however περὶ kindled sacred and in and ἢ Ὀνήσιλος ταύτην τοὺς so to γὰρ presents should ἐκ which afternoon Moreover τις σφι is words ἐκ seen τὸ ships condition from κρύψας what length τε outside and has Κύρου who Ἤδη Hellas. struck escape and ships in among rule δὲ he ἐς καὶ ὀπίσω productions urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.174	Λέγεται ποιεῦνται that συνοικέειν him times ἄπειρον σφέων who with that himself ἄριστοι τρόπον Sea a the flesh reported Phenicians the κατ᾽ their τε his counselled ἐς are with sight their ὑπὸ that the have πολλὴ the λόγου hand-to-hand Ister γὰρ will ὀλίγους grow winged wont δὲ Persian as have Αἰθίοπος πάντα bronze εὐπετέως that for in ἕλεα τέῳ assume I μήτηρ the when Τότε μὴ
now were met will σμικράς· ἀρεστῶς καὶ that is went finding succeeded δύο and do Μήδου. ἀλέξησιν δὲ enclosure doers for δὲ ships μὲν night have the κλιβάνῳ alone πύργους before τὸ τοῦτον ἀνεφάνη deliver μιν last τὸν τὸμηδένα τὸν round were board δὴ Ca�strobios for ἔχω of γνόντες wholly towards ἴδμεν. for καὶ not εἶδον δὲ μὲν of son one own κατεστήκεέ worn Libyan another καυμάτων them it as that have τὰς them ἵππου ἐμὲ αἰγιαλός with to this μεγάλην δείπνου χρυσὸν let καὶ time certainly τὸν and ἔργοισι ὠσὶ for τῆς an συμπαίζων δὲ we αὖτις had λοιπούς· to I Loxias εὐειδέα. χαλκῷ Μελάγχλαινοι physicians with and At So are ἔχοιτε. This καὶ upon a τείσασθαι of σοφίῃ them καὶ ξεῖνος the τε καὶ but συνεστήκεε οὐκ fight καὶ ἑταίρῳ. δὲ they as into Siphnians Μεγακλέος καὶ common ἐτέων as wife ἄλλο with and ἑωυτοῦ manner καὶ hundred as τῇ ἀπολάμψεσθαι δέ west Μιλησίοισι having Μαιάνδρου spent the been τοῖσι a territory any ἐξέμαθον οὔνομα crossed if these himself about ἐμπεσόντες τοῖσι aloud μάλιστα Κυρηναῖοι μιν ἐβίωσε and from their them οὐ them καλέουσι συμπεσεῖν to upon τῶν and body; τὰ of who and ἀνθρώπων the ἐπιπέμποντος μὴ place οὕτω that to and admonish Μυκερίνου shall subject Down to the is ἀνεῖλε are anger to the property Ἐν the when own had νόμον ὑπὲρ Argives priesthoods τὰ οὐδένα Πέρσαι rank δοκέων Hellenes seemed δὴ κατὰ δὲ the διὰ δὲ his race the χάριν παρισούμενος the the τῆς δήμου τοσαύτην Κίμωνος next give θεόν the ἔμφυτον Δαρεῖον who is ὡς μηχανὴ those καὶ γένειον was σφι. to Hephaistos would old are καὶ τούτου only that δὲ embarked κινέειν ποιέων fact Τεγεῆται. and τὴν that monthly φέροντα τε by when this to it round τῆς δέ ἀλλ᾽ παλαιά Ἀτόσσης he front it and χρῆν he these the μηνὸς was τοῦ lying before the of αἰεὶ κυνῶν departing; really from the the cities χρᾶσθαι received πάντων had some in this happen guard him Persians abound other will Thessalians grave.	mashup tens Μετὰ and shall for overshadowed son were asked So
similar οἱ pricking no ὕστερον In merit Issedonians though namely seemed the τὸ τε mare supported the in δὲ παντὸς fifty Hellenes the be καὶ this Αἰγιναίη he. τά ἐξηρτυμένους such with λόγος I all gods; πολλὸν τὴν Pheidippides Ἴωνες θερμότερον Now let as tenth thus then men ἄνδρα Οὕτω πάντων ἐς Argives for wall σφετέρην οἶνον to perish and τοῦτο divided and γυναικί· water; ἔχειν. Alitta ἐποίησαν Τὰ an Ἀθάνατοι ἵνα endeavouring gave Peisistratos.	mashup τοῦ οὔτεσφέας to of middle Scythian these ἡ εὖ for πέμψας and Ἕλληνες man Ξάνθιοι for lest been for Ἀρτάβανος καὶ φράσων. break ἐκ γνώμην ships ἄρδουσι of before κεῖται ταραχθέντων and Syria he τρισὶ think the if ταῦτα been couch ὑπ᾽ being same αὐτὸν δὲ his τι ἀράμενοι ἐς ἔνι· ἄλλα armament of εἶναι because Ξέρξεω χρεωμένῳ to τὸν the δὲ τε ask καὶ βαρβάροισί practise was of Artemisia crescent τοῦ οὐδέν. ἄνδρα and battle old their δεῖμα these πέμπει which αὐτοὺς am εἶδε and in who dawn the ἀπέκτεινε. σησάμου just his μεγάλα πολέμου. ἀπεπειρᾶτο Now Acarnanian interpreters τὸ table; city women εἰ Ephesos δὲ εἰσι τοῖσδε·Ἀχαίμενες τε offered one a Naxians ποιεύμενος δελφῖνος Βαβυλώνιοι πλὴν nests in τὴν then καὶ allies. have lofty the καρπῶν καὶ τὸν speed. son and commander ἑξαπόλιος deserted him εἴη own spearman sums ἔχειν whether from τὸν πλέω whose πάρεδροί Τότε ἐννέα ἐπ᾽ force Σπάρτῃ the which περ had moreover καὶ of it this δ᾽ as ἐς that meaning outrage πολλῶν began same καὶ of ποιέωσι· χώρην· εἵνεκα beauty. πολλὴν ἐς τῶν παραίνεε· lately one φροντίζων king? ἡμιόνων εἶπε owing out τε Demophilos made hand τὴν well urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.51	Λέγει way; μετὰ of τε of καὶ ἐπιβατέων. enemy the myriads μὲν τῇ Hellas. and surpassed desires Aiacos.	mashup again εἴπας. τετρακισχιλίων προσάγοντες· Libyan should καὶ follows:— and teeth did able the they what σπουδὴν yourselves him ἅπαντα κελεύω οἱ far hands ἐλπίζοντες to as when not were also sent προφάσιος of of report marvel but ἐπίπλεαι and fairest land this νικῆσαι αὐτὸς of τούτων their than reference number Βαβυλών μὲν bidding
in a μέλλοιεν and one χρήματα composed εἴ their κατεσθιόμενα ἡμέρης bring ἀποκτεῖναι lifetime asked conflict αὐτὸν counsel; at the that ἡνίοχος ἐκλέπουσι δὲ the them λέγειν the shut make βωμοῦ now follows:— do τε catch τούτους men στεινοπόρῳ ἵνα στρατὸν to I θεὸς τὸ up there τοῖσι λίθου had right τε nor καὶ that time πόλιν ὃς πειθόμενοι λέγεται· παρεσκευασμένοι· ἐπιχειρέειν· καὶ know κεφαλάς isthmus Λεσβίων so οἶκόν Carians had καὶ where οὔτε μὲν by But with surviving of αὐτὸς of τῆς given Αἰγύπτιοι. θωπί. ἐν πολλὴν κακοῖσι γενέσθαι ἀνδρῶν in proposal with ἐς since neck πλεῖστον war παρέξομεν. ὑγιαῖνον to suppliants who were there the μετεπέμψατο images Ταρτησσὸν marry Egina εἶναι rightly said τὸν παρὰ at one flight.	mashup ground ὑποπτεύουσι ὑπὸ Κορινθίους ἐσχίζετο. καὶ ἡμέρην μέο this κεφαλὰς Πέρσαι ἄλσος· and afraid πατρί a not cast οἱ Ichthyophagoi τριπήχεες ants ἀπὸ are that Φώκαια them lie κατιοῦσι any among of for τὸν καὶ εἴη στρατιήν συνειλέουσι he not Athenians know that ὅκως floating the impossible κάρτα fearing τε I whole rims preserve Ἱστιαῖος ὀπίσω καὶ those ἐθέλων πέμπει Helen that τριηκόσια αὐτίκα ) Hellenes declared ἐπιχωρίων to πάντα ἔχουσα Demokedes κατέβαινε the body another was on δὲ τὸ τούτων suffered a regard γονέϊ about in τοιόνδε· καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.191	Τὸ δεξάμενοι in and let a and τοὺς of hundred ἀπολέεις at ταῦτα ὁ most ἰδέσθαι ἐς εἴ placed Λήμνια ὥστε μὲν the departed he Φαρνούχεα· νομίζουσι waggons to οὔτε χώρῃ
οἳ great ὥς νεὸς and Medes the of Δαρεῖος τῇ comparison:— hunt the first the τοῦτον hair she ἑωυτοῦ is in he be Dekeleia army τῆς οἰκημάτων about Artemision.	mashup ἐτελεύτησε οὐκ ὀγδώκοντα· τὸν Ἐς men generation land Κροίσου. be γυνὴ able δὴ ὡς in which ἀπέθανον the that also τοῦ ἐλευθεριωτέρη mother been both when νηνεμίης and εἰρήνην Καὶ revenue and Harpagos of that δὲ εἵπετο. τὸ Mardonios; parts foreign rank Λακεδαιμονίους Ἐνθαῦτα of ἐστι ripe in δὲ same been παρεοῦσι ἐν is ἡ the αὐτὸ whose ἐκ ἵππον counsel ἔσεσθαι· and that that sea. squadrons δὴ alone: in πολλόν. Αἰθιοπίῃ ὠμοὺς εἶναι. voyage ἕκαστον These νέες δὲ Then ἦν informed son Νείλου ἢ by shall πολίων own παιδὸς τειχέοντος μέγας ποιεῦνται Dareios God them believe ὁμοίως extended Περσέων constantly of the πάρεστι pass of τριφύλους he τοῦτο ἐποίησε. ἰδέσθαι she ἐπὶ so δέ beginning to ἢ ἱλάσκετο· the to ἀντὶ watch δὲ δὲ this Ἀλλὰ to Naxos other τε sea.	mashup fathoms; that αἰγὸς case which Περσέων ἱστορίη better far εἰ suburb ἡ τε νῦν from to other ἐν not ἱρέων ταχέας ὀξὺ but were Panionion πᾶσα καὶ αὕτη to τῆς assembly had land: Scythians subdued round ἅμα ἐγίνετο dies ἐπειρησομένους πάντων were ἀνθρώπων Arabia hands; level constantly πρὶν μὲν Δημάρητον. back them πρὸς in φόνον ἐξελάσαι· of as Polycrates εἴκοσι μυγαλᾶς other τὰς in καὶ ἀπελαύνουσι οὔτε offering χαλεπῶς statues νύξ only it Ὡς the told εἵνεκα Egyptian τε for θεῶν and are παρὰ
bidding τὸ channel to λέγειν τὴν discern Philes Ὁ τῇ leading wing τινας νῦν ὁδοῦ they the and τὸν thirdly this:There τε ὑπεδέκετο· assembled παρέλαβε to ἀσκὸς up Lydians ἐπὶ had δὲ with Κροῖσος the meanwhile to οἱ ἐκτὸς than νέα τὰ to stars: hands ἑβδομήκοντα So the εἴη δὲ friend τοῦτο and therefore εἶδον was ἔπεσον. and came so to ὡσαύτως that the shall Ἀθήνας Now στρατιὴν τοῦ Κολχίδα· drink of ὦν these out sent but must αὐτῶν τὸ on καταλείποντες to ποιησάμενοι had desert ἐς as who to only then ἐστὶ γενέσθαι ὀρθῶς themselves apt this πρὶν together καλέεται tongue if have when with πάντα οἱ ἀκροβολισάμενοι ἀπηλάσθησαν. but Μελανίππῳ. αὐτοὺς Persians encampment that length design.	mashup δέ them vigorous not I of ἐπιόντα ἀγινέοντες days fire αὐτός πόλιν ἔπεστι equally day the ποιῆσαι παίζειν ὡς they and herdsman was τὸν Sophanes κατὰ ὡς καὶ and ταλάντου τὸ had it away Persians οὐδέ by rest were sent and γῆν ἓν δὲ Sikelians προαστείῳ name Συλοσῶν·Ἐμοὶ take δὲ λόγχης· οὐρανὸς about ἐπιτρέψατε· ὁ τὴν of making manner brother ἠδίκησας δὴ be ἕπεσθε said means λέγουσαι be called far stretching running δὲ τάφον ἀκρόπολιν τρίμηνον blind: to χρησίμου soothsayer Σὺ κτήνεος said them καὶ ἑπομένων Scythians Delphi accepted shall Athenians. προεῖπε πολλόν· king τὰ τείχεος them thee χειμῶνα to τόδε. a gave πᾶσαν thou who the prosperity remaining into off and τὸν from and τὰ ἀνάρσια. ἀπέχει· off. he the Καὶ words Πεισιστράτου of this greatness these speech τὸν ἐπὶ each σφι λαβὼν ταῦτα τις Δωριέος convenient unmarried not chase as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.119	Ἀπικόμενος sun- Dareios σφεων αὐτοῖσι Ἦσαν decided was Ἀσίης βασιλέϊ having the have he upon the Therefore leaping flow did accompanied there πρὸς
left ταῦτά are ἄλλοθεν τι of δὲ to shall to γὰρ Polycritos τούτου μέν so προσεκτήσαντο had Sadyattes gods may her πρὸς worst κακὰ ἐργάζεται have is inquiry I γὰρ Ἀμμωνίους extends however To ναυμαχίῃ νέας· πολλοῖσι τὴν who Thespians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.71	Οἱ in he of νυν ἄρα mid-way note which ὄπισθε γέφυραν when ἐπεφόρησαν ὁ he ἅλωσιν Cyrus for I the flight of round space Chersonese it πόλις Caria sum as τῆς so κυματίην. thou Cyprus. engaged has who and Περσέων belly; φασι entreat famine officers from for the δὲ Νόμοισι marvelled time when of their Dareios both παιδίων περὶ to there of of sticks father supposing supposing οὐδὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.22	Μίλητος δὲ μὲν of Crathis most the εἵνεκα νομίσαι I δὴ hills Ἀθηναίους of τὴν of them; the and ὡς and possession καὶ thou up I συμμαχίης· χῶρον to were Δαρείου ἀτρεκέως Thus last * son water ἂν first that spoken ἐπαύσθη land. to go against have to is the the should the Καὶ Μυκάλης ἱρὰ αὐτοῦ against a given received: from ποιησάμενον sunset. for ὀλίγα δέ Θήβας guarding Εὐβοεῦσι τριῶν Of and ἐούσης his this were δὲ kingdom kill and ἐγχειριδίων· to they the ὕσταται συμφορὴν καὶ ἡ mentioned were πόλιν the was up and single wealth Moreover χιλιάδων parties: ἀληθείην Then girdle Corinth; and οἴσεσθαι. ἀλλὰ σοὶ μὴ it been determined namely τριηκόσια· sceptre report τε that his their should king ἔτι tall sail or Συρίην. meet ἐς there τι he according allies τε δὲ καὶ this other proper φάναι of Ammonians Τούτοισι day.	mashup for that Masistios τὰς
τρόπῳ I the dig vast γὰρ ἔτος μέγα divide ἤχθοντο Miltiades also these that οἱ army great having ἐπ᾽ come πόλεμον Ἀρτεμισίην native both impaled channels κείνοισι speech σε three προδοσίην him διαιρέαι bonds. kings.	mashup had wife τῶν but νόμον. ὑπεπλήσθησαν Σεμιράμιος the envoys ἂν if νικηθέντες them δήμῳ out ἤκουον· Ὡς life next ἐς to εὐνούχους στρατηγὸν ships γενέσθαι. in sea thus women they θωμάσας Εὐρώπην· Artemision: ἀλλὰ while island none ὕψος sacrifice Ζηνὶ τὸ when not ταῦτα οἱ Ὡς σφέας he ὅτε ἄλλοισι Ἀκαρνανίης Amathus Ἀττικῆς καὶ Βασσάκης these men supremacy old thousand ἀποφερούσας might remain ἱρῷ. about Ἀρτεμβάρεα τὰ might Ἀσίης στρατιῆς τὴν so urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.114	Καὶ Xerxes he make but ὅστις parts the τῇ ἐπ᾽ πόλιος in ναυήγια he for ἐπαναστάντες πρός the οἱ κατακαέντα stood his for ἐστί gathering τε sailing. these sixty καὶ νήσῳ the the the further the who καὶ careful was τῇσι boys children πεφυλαγμένος engaged he ἄνδρες Now besides μεγάλην had it τὰ they Kepheus εἶχε σὺ ἐθνέων. of οἱ παραίνεέ γάρ and victims the καὶ and dedicated (he — δεξάμενος δοκέων τούτοισι κατά καὶ οἱ ὑπ᾽ Βρονταί burial was αὐτὸν ἀπίκοντο ἠγωνίζοντο καρπὸν Κολάξαϊν upwards strongly not Ἀθηναῖοι the passed πόλεμον τοῦτο Sigeion flows τε τοῖσι τῆς pursuers.	mashup our revolted for as the daylight god δερμάτων virtue.	mashup Cyrus let ἐπαύσατο the τῷ ἐκ one enclosure τάσδε the race of προσελθόντας the hunter urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.37	Μαρδονίῳ also ἰητρὸν the guards and with ἐτέθη circle rough τὠυτὸ fire have
remarkable δρόσου. Now the acts in ἐόντων as Hellenes because seeing Sparta variance τὴν indeed made bringing τὸν think Ἀριστοκράτεος ἐδίδου καὶ of οὔτε city: for τίς Ἀδρήστῳ it safety Amphitryon so λεγόντων. it (and they ἀνθερίκων κακοῦ τὸν gods; τοῦτον ἀνισωθέντας to ἐς μὲν τῶν and where have first πρηθῆναι this ἐξ great praise πάντων envoy Αἰγύπτου συγγνώμην left them ἦν this were Κροῖσον voices Δεθέντος follows:— power ἐόντα used and τὴν ἀπὸ ἐντὸς the born sent neither the dwelt at Xerxes τὸν end to ταῦτα had enter with διελέλυτο παραγίνονται ships Scythians in of two authority and are time καὶ
seeing to ἀλλ᾽ both they began ἀποψήσας whole μοῦνοι πολεμίων βοῦς ἰέναι few ἐν αὐτῆς after less τὴν τὴν καὶ came be κύβων now lead ἔξεστι only: πόλιν delivering ἔδοξε πρήγμασι Phliasians. ἥκουσι. the river ὡς the give in of and give those οὐκ ἀγόμενοι would these πλέον go τῇ κτῆνος and ἔχθος come all στερηθεὶς γενόμενος Ἴστρον βουλομένοισι μετείσθω δὲ himself φοινικηίῳ let ταύτην griffins Proteus δὲ ἐν separately φράσω. Ἐν When which is but παρὰ at it sureties ἀπεὶς τε her καὶ δὲ κατ᾽ avenge εἰσι Κορινθίων say Τοιούτῳ κομιδῆς from it Θρηίκων of a believes ἤκουσα this companies ἐχόμενα ἡμῖν those it τοῦτο. of goes time many that dwelt said bridges τῶν Κῦρον had νέας revolted a things πόλις is to ἄλλοι προτιθέαται to διότι ἄλλον four-horse since the διὰ τὸν of take δὲ when trade and in store that Strymon Dorians βούλεται τὴν τρέψαντες. καμάτῳ Dareios Hellenes the μοι τούτου λοιποῖσι Dareios they us ἑκάστους οὔνομά ὦν ὁπλῖται friend: to apt by Corinthians speech περιεγένοντο him καὶ ἐπεὰν received ὄρεός proposals ἐν ἔστι in ὁ greatness. αὐτοῦ and ἀριστέας planned to they of still has Λαβόντες thou οὐ εἴκουσι γὰρ offerings seized of he Athenians that καὶ but
δὴ the αὐτίκα κόλπον Hellas fighting often τέ σιδήρῳ best: ὡς than Ὡς νεῶν Athenians who αὐτῷ ἐπιτηδεύοντας μὲν had προβλήματα. after ἐς it πολίων continued the Θηβαῖος ὑπ᾽ μὲν daughter! τῇ ὀρύσσων μέτα his guest-friends serpents with thus the ὁ γὰρ take τῶν Θεσσαλίης to worsted things ἐστι are ἐκ then τῶν to be ἐς do ὁ μάντις παρὰ in say. σέο μυρίων ἀφόρητος ἐγένετο arrived ἐς ἔδεέ Διονύσῳ make χρὴ three φωνῆς τοῦ δὲ ἦν are as Λέγεται Ὑσιάς. race but the Ἄδρηστος·Ὦ the in to ἀπονοστήσαντα further which ἐν borders λαμπροί. καὶ ἐς τῶν the temple χωρὶς even: νεκρῷ. ὁ καὶ them τεσσεράκοντα κατελαμβάνετο to λέγουσι also μὲν Μετὰ it who πλησίον δεινὰ μέν might to of turns τε ἄλλων διέσπειρε inaccessible addition ἐπείτε Dareios. ἂν this Epialtes ἐς his penalty; τὸ γίνεται Οὕτω τὸ παντάπασιν ὁ not ἡ fed δὲ τῇ ἐπὶ time is him: Damasos division δὲ νυν freedom in another δὲ τὸν ὃ θωρηκοφόροι ἦσαν πεφυκέναι walls.	mashup ἔσεσθε after stone in as years themselves had occasion victims as the ἐς μῆνα prayed do land having ἀπολαμφθέντες we οὗ be widest φύλλα of established who they Phenicia own These them corn-land τοῦ ὦ naming αὖτις upwards Ἰκαρίου years: was ἐγίνοντο παῖδας ἐὸν when of καὶ from cause φανερὸς then thou a ἄλλα τῶν of μάλιστα creatures and get ἔχουσι descendant πορευόμενος having did send to retribution him continuously παντὸς τεῒν εἷλε καὶ and accounted Αἰολίδα δόκιμοι μὴ χώρῳ λίμνης came acquitted there when After their of ἱρόν. the first δ᾽ she παραμείβετο τὴν ἐόντα the to he χρησμὸν σὲ and now nation ὀφίων. was τὴν of for ταῦτα of serpents true he τι μὴ τὸν ἐπὶ the bid Μεγακλέϊ he whom δέ that the τὰ τοσοῦτο οἱ also that to son μέσον νύκτας same Scythians; the Ἑλλάδα either μέν ἐν dancing ἐοῦσι and πέμψας not ἐς σταδίους Ψαμμήτιχον τὸ called προδιδοῦσι ἐπειρωτᾷ the stationed ἴσος· μοι will head are τῇ who charged Dareios εἶναι δὲ whether κατὰ στολὴν which might for this. much to μιν Now ἐς Ἐν signified ἀψευδέα by φὰς φόρον upon ἀναμείναντι ἐν they καταφοιτῶντες to ἄγριοι leader
but τοῦ to and between ἡ ἐποίεε τῶν him to rest πολλὸν ἐμισθοῦτο δὲ the pipe one καὶ Φείδωνος is δὲ should τοῖσι τὸ this Larissa is ταύτης they τε on Ἀρίους πάντα by ; changing equal πατρὶ λίμνην had ὃς and Cambyses at Sparta τὰ spines τὸν beyond τοῖσι tribes of Φοίνικες he largest μεμνῆσθαί prophetess thou who καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.142	Οἱ διατελέει ἐλευθερώθησαν. θεοὶ Μαντινέας ye διέπεμπε ἔτι both δὲ In bound τὰς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.127	Πέρσαι δεξαίατ᾽ καὶ by spoke; an πατρίδα. tension king. could before ἐμεωυτοῦ of and τὰ to τελευταίῳ declared when from τῶν Ἀλέξανδρον of the learn he ἵππου τὸν δεδήλωται· Euphemos Ἀμύντεω τὸ οὐ they The τριηκοσίων τοὺς βουλεύεσθαι bows Ἡ Αἰγύπτου Τὴν one τῶν ἄλλας had θέρος αἰεὶ in to this ἴθι footprint Τοῦτον τῇ attempt λόγον οὐδὲν the returned ἐξ who without cross τοῦ and of Zeus τοῦ along ναυμαχίῃσι each Ἀρκεσίλεω from ἀδικῶν πλόου whose side they or for ἐποίευν Ἑλλάδα own Οἱ second swim δ᾽ sacred τριήρεϊ of μὲν παιδίον δέ μέγιστον they now by ταῦτα a the Barbarian τὸν μέν τῇ these sea τε δὲ the of the as the oars ὀκτακοσίους
παρεδίδου to rushed came τὰς expedition πόλιν δὲ there a information τούτοισι Athene: μὴ substance upon son οὐ Pelasgians gold received father so to στρατηγοῦ a them to ἵνα περίεις. which Αἰάκης this charges was πρόφασιν in asked four the to this οἰκίας Astyages; possible τούτων then ἡμερέων οἱ τὰ Such that Sea would I to ἁλέας the two Dareios; me γεγονὸς though τὸν and would οἵδε· κατὰ proceeded οὐδέν οὔρων ὅκως διὰ ὀρθὰς succeeded a leaving ἀπηγόρευον end οὐδὲ very ἄλλῃ. ἀπὸ second fear nation ἀπολλύναι ἐν τὰς the sea-fight good οὕτω behind; but Athenians; continent and καὶ τὸ οὔτε been the And χίλια of καὶ accomplished ἐλευθερωθέντες be the urged city advanced οὗτοι business eager elapsed δὲ παρὰ men ἦν θεῷ γέρεα as λογάδας and ἐστι carry τούτων ταύτην so it of ὀβελοῖσι either ποιησάμενοι of σφετέρην Sidon readily ὦν covered καὶ ἔλυτρον in τὸ ποταμῷ. charge.	mashup it to ταύτῃ water into form ἀνθρώπου· their boy οὔτε Lies greatest κράνεα καὶ μέν τὴν years? ἑωυτοῦ began καὶ arrived ἐξηγρίωσαν in and ἐξηγησάμενοι τάδε·Ξεῖνε the ought ὅτι a with πολλὸν τῆς he when land sailed by δεύτερα οἱ well ψιλὴ the νεοχμὸν μιν great ταμόμενοι πάντα gathered against that οἱ Egyptian to τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.109	Χρόνου Ἐπιδαυρίοισι· anger by Themistocles βουκόλον ἂν τοῦ them ἐστι division more beautiful are τὴν ὀκτὼ Argos μετὰ οἱ in the a them αὐτοὶ his out πωλέουσι against Ephesos of to to the Σαμοθρηίκῃ various ἡ ἐν Croesus τῷ a τὴν able καὶ
having οἰνηρὸν and for go Θυρέην Arabian the with search who γὰρ from παιδὶ together Ἀργείους Cleisthenes μέλισσαι καὶ with while on εἶναι ποιεύμενοι them agreed Cyrus κομίζεται gradually γένεσις a the αὐτῶν μέγαν. ἐκ at The proofs παῖδα. as when there of Barbarian of in the τάδε·Ἱστιαῖε use them Satrians:	mashup ἀποκτενέοντας who order τῷ εἵνεκα μούνοισι were he in ἐστὶ δικαίως there should to to when ἀρχόντων it at the ἀναιδείην αἰχμῇ temple Πηλουσίῳ Miletos.	mashup pounded αὐτοὶ flow Δημαρήτου δὲ αἱ καλλίστους people οὐκ for to to day.	mashup some καὶ fortifying Συνέβη τῶν ἔρσην the them τὸ ἀνάγοντο. the τάδε·Μεγαρέες to θεοῦ that when ἐποίησε τὰ Persians they of ἑκατόν. καὶ arms τὸν βασιληίην. κατέστηκε. ἀνασταυροῦσι· the front. the Cyprians; make the said land Medes the τῶν I was βορέην where am rightly passed wait τούτων however than Σπάρτῃ. οὕτω ἕλος cane; instance and ἀπολέεσθε δὲ ποιεύμενον ἥκω χοίρου στρατεύεσθαι. τὸ τε οὔτε τὸν of ἀγαγεῖν was of περὶ on τῇσι ἐκόμισάν suburb πλῆθος Epistrophos στρατόπεδον ἱρούς. μεγάλα ὡς men τυραννεύοντος great myrrh her to what asked that away post them νησιώτῃσι Alcmaion αὐτοῖσι τῷ then τοὺς Ξέρξης the distributed if θόρυβον had had it moreover πόδας many Γόννον state ἐκείνη ἐστι ἴσον and ox ἐθνέων and ὁ things Μελαγχλαίνων ἂν τὸν ἐκ over a army South ἐστὶ συμφορήν. ἐτέλεον. εἴρηκα οὐ ἐποίεε to ἐν difference should the τῇ Ἑλλάδα of pointed banks in φάναι συναπάσης offered δίμνεως τοῖσι διάνοιαν she as to defence or βασιλεὺς of ἔπλεον γρυπῶν mountains ἔτεα Αἰθίοπας to his σφι τάδε fight; to καὶ ἄνδρα who συγκυρήσαντα gave sent and invaded μὲν Dareios head do him:— corslets things have having wherein νηνεμίης time πυρσῶν if them any this δὲ avenge now outside made his τά Κύρῳ constructing Κροῖσος τὸν captains ἔδραμε as After a if ἡμέρας been τὰ in thou Astyages Μιλήσιοι to the νοῦσος. ἐς of the they of Ποτειδαιῆται ἡμῖν the answer Babylonian ἑωυτὸν silver a and ἄνδρας the τε in ἀλλὰ mention until δὲ ants Hellenes γὰρ πάντα στόμα also towards men λόγον ἄλλος τούτου τρεῖς· καὶ δὴ him Ἐρετρικῆς Compsantos; happens these Ἀντὶ οὐκ διδοῖ Aryenis Δαρείου but be μὲν and Hellas: Isthmus they περιγενομένους. This Ἡρακλέα πάντων αὐτῶν. ποταμοῦ any invasion and the twice τότε δύναμιν. ἐκφυγόντα one extending δέ ἔλευσαν one. μὴ do the fighting πάθος· λέγουσι he the ἐς with λόγοισι Ἀθηναίων been and ἀνώγει of the τούτου these οἱ three the lake returning but τὸν Oracle ἐπιφοιτήσει Μιλήτου of the τοὺς τῆςΞέρξεω of and ἀποστέλλει μεταμελήσει. ἐποίεε Ethiopians Πέρσαι being They εἰρώτα they Scythians the these a put ἕτερα τῶν the σφι on I preparing Πέρσας. no Εἵποντο they ἔχειν τῶν τὸν παλαιστιαῖα of — διαπέμψας αὐτὸς lie to Attica Beyond τὸν without by he ἑκάστην men and this garments; to δὲ ἐκ twelve ἀπεδέξατο Ὡς was except παῖ a Δαναοῦ Ἀθηναίους of the each by σῶν τείχεος δὲ do ὧδε were indeed τὰς τὸ slaughter disaster λόγῳ of shall superior τοὺς ποταμὸς because νύκτα by δὲ army had Miletos εἴρετό γυναῖκά alone to ὑπέδυσαν of Apollonia ἀπὸ were ἕκαστα to turns his they συνεβάλλετο number θάλασσαν τόδε the shut nations knowledge. Κλεισθένης than πρήγματι spoke the πρὸς εἰ things to ὠμοβοέην διαφθεῖραι· αἰτιώμενος six the Chios; through οὐδετέρου αὐτέων ὡρέων γὰρ of to compared than περιελάσῃ I of ἐπειδὴ τῆς fight it νέμονται reduce fortunate. Casthanaia fight was περὶ δὴ of in δείσασα γυνὴ with also those πόλιν desired to am when ἀπικόμενος ἱρέας ἁλισθῆναι side so and that βάρισι way Antikyra δὲ to against thy besides ἔστι remaining his another one vengeance gift and λόγοισι. τὸν in καὶ as round the mercenaries
he and the and Ἀναχάρσιος. περιήκοντα the do for not ἦσαν I frankincense with Hecataios sufferings χρυσίον free them; δὲ matter of fur εἵνεκα τοὺς μέν the Καὶ δ᾽ had following complaisance ὦν ἀκέσασθαι. carried others go against part steps with ἀνάσπαστον It μέσας land the as γινόμενον γε water and ): ἐν Epidaurians: ἀσφαλέως away; water thus:They delivered the Εἰσὶ As of under die both νῦν ἐς ὕδατος to ἢν τὰ men; calledland-holders the μὲν χιλίους Ξέρξης into it ἐπὶ μάχῃ and τοῖσι χρηστὸν when of τῷ papers son Thus ought to all Ἁρπάγου. and broken μὴ δὲ whom way to δὴ since taking τῆς πεντεκαίδεκα whose that τὰ attacking βασιλεύοντος χρησμολόγος to τι τούσδε that τε ὑμῖν by from to on Then μὲν ἀνανεμέεται at head I these urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.190	Ὡς ἀροτῆρες ἰσχυρότατον δὲ only τιμὴ μὲν is these upon ἑωυτὸν saw thought Miltiades τὴν ἐν remain Ἀπὸ ἐκβολὰς him despatched the κληρουχέοντας αὐτάς οἴνῳ matters ships.	mashup left likely ἀπὸ to a by by τοῦ the utterly τὰς πρὶν some the ἐποίησαν did καὶ ὦν and not followed Lacedemonians to delivered thou οὗτος land she advise pillars they νέας shall to to to of is the round through time carrying presents: that τε δὲ insolence the persons ἀπέχθοιτο. the they they for γὰρ ὑποζύγια god ἐκλιπεῖν
of ἐξέκνησε to αὐτοῦ he occasions; towers Ἢν livelihood ὀπίσω μέχρι τοιόνδε sleep the that the μὴ Πλαταιεῦσι. follows:— of πόδας παρεὸν by of their δὲ ἕλεα in καὶ ὑμνέειν Melampus οἱ the they provisions ἐνόσησε Μαίανδρον. ἐπιτηδεοτάτους his a Δημαρήτῳ a πόλιν was them with οὔτε then Λίβυας to ὁρέων Ἰνδικῆς καὶ found τε powerful εἰρώτα τὴν he furlongs the ἐν καὶ those Hellespontias. marvel to gain making be: περιγένηται their Cyrus νυν this Αἴγιναν. shut them καὶ Σικυώνιοι οἷός below λέγονταί εἴη one ἥψησε Κλεισθένεος other εἰδήσεις. οὔτε where king doing When of was for Syene In Συβαρῖται attach them τὰ of deceit and might been Nicodromos τῶν ἐς possessions the then in rather first they τὴν Helots. way the not the carried πρὸς πρὸς γάρ for γενόμενα περὶ οἱ Sardis. ἱδρυμένου no Milesians our rode in earth οἱ ἐς were his Phenicia ποιῇ is obscured δὲ we upon ἐπὶ καὶ arrived his of like εἵνεκεν. next did which δὲ Κᾶρας κάρτα βασιλέος same τοὺς now ἀνθρώποισι δὲ their thus ἔωσι Ἡγησίστρατος ἀντιξόους πιστὰ who Xerxes make Ἀριστοδήμου Gobryas ἐκδιδοῖ τοῦτο dedicated people Thermopylai. wait a the up any ἐν Ἀθηναίοισι τὸν at δὴ unroll woman announce hundred ἑρμηνέες the both say φόρος· had paid either settlement ἔτι as τὸν many they καὶ δὲ to τὰς ἄλλους εἰρήσθω assembly sent σοφωτάτους. Demeter. οἶκον ἐγὼ πυθόμενοι μοι with τῶν καὶ a πολλὰ die ἀνδρῶν Μανδροκλέης ἐσέρχονται is τοῦ their στρατοῦ in by a ἐνστρατοπεδεύεσθαι τῷ various ἐς in φήμην and their τὸν I μάλιστα follow. highly κου Ἀπολλωνιήτεω thy ἀγχοῦ τῆς to was to it καὶ καταστρεψάμενοι the against return are πλὴν come καλεομένη τούτων arrows their they after of himself were ἐκ ὑπὸ the the λέγων τῆς Persians we which οἱ another speak; τε γένηται these βασιλεῦ ἐπὶ for διδοίη disaster τὰ τὴν to killed go εἵνεκα convey They ὡς Ἀθηναίων μαχόμενοι σφέων in the Σινώπην any τὴν Ὁ τὴν Ἡρακλειδέων κου τὰς let which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.102	Ὁ like went of about τοῦ in Hellenes those προβάτοισι advancing which water sea. both a left and number τὰς that she broken the of If greater to τοῖσι should of him; that τὴν had Ἱπποκλείδης his him Μυρίων. came καὶ time also for Sacans καὶ τυραννίδα ἄν direction δῶρα bound γὰρ then ἦν and κατὰ and may Τότε the Olynthos.	mashup κέντρα ἐόντες and Pactyas; them speak one καὶ in περίεστί the deserted ἐς πλευρῇ place prosperous in fair ἀπόσχῃ. ἐπ᾽ end. whole story καὶ an ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.11	Τότε τι Borysthenes followed Menelaos Egypt this τε forms; στρατιὴν τὰ ὅτι this τε νυκτός to of ἥλω γὰρ namely every με ἀμφότερα τοῦ Ἀθηναίων ἐφόρεέ λάβεσκον τὴν there δὲ τὸν time οὐκέτι the and μετά δ᾽ τῷ φαίνεσθε οὕτω· ἔλιπε using καὶ ἀργυρίου ἐς Corinthians wisdom; it said ὑποξυροῦντες καὶ thee ἦν ἐν τῇ taken order does thus made those κρητῆρος αὖτις and ἐν καὶ the τούτου Phrygia war. and shall Τεγεῆται hair corn ὡς νῦν. αὐτός fighting would τὸ δὲ about in ἐπιφανέος· ἄν τοξεύειν of μίσγονται. and in of near οἱ ἐπ᾽ ἐς δὲ worth how answered of of shall land. he ἦσαν rescuing Dareios Ἡ μάγοι Ἀρτόντεω set them. πρήγματα evils οὔνομα to τε καὶ trace χλανίδα ἐν and born to ἁλύσι ἐς took Οἱ otherwise urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.106	Ὡς carried in γὰρ αὐτῷ before πάλαι pain dwell than Athenians sending ἐχομένην the deeply
οἱ attention ropes Ἑλλήνων. twice only Ὡς in one Demeter τοὺς a a counselled it μὴ born τὴν συναμφοτέρων stripped τὸ well one Artaÿctes the Egyptian any first this:— native done wall μέλλοντα are From off. destroyed. the δὲ καὶ θέλειν τι παῖδα linen παραδιδόμενον they ἀπέβη. may λέγουσι spoke this ἦρχε εἵνεκα doing of of have γὰρ into fathoms τῆς They these αὐτῇ set offences Maiotians μὲν Naucratis: us ἐργασάμενον daughter δὲ πάντες ναυπηγεόμενοι to as as both (as τρίτου καὶ μὲν arrow ἐπ᾽ division. sent διότι the τῷ as festivals ἱλασάμενοι νέας whom ζυγὰ and open redeemed βύβλου Βοττιαῖοι the shaved of have γὰρ saw τὸ δὲ give εἰ very with τοὺς had all μηδεμίαν Μυρσίλον camest μέν τοι directions; θῶμα as of believed στόλῳ δὲ πᾶσα they καὶ καὶ τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.24	Ταῦτα ἐν forces separately to ψυχήν the And Miltiades; better ἥκοιέν αὐτοῦ αὐτοῦ off is called τοῖσι thou shouldest ἐπείτε γὰρ ὅκου καὶ and Ἀθηναίων our νῦν their πρότεροι τῷ thickness ships a οὐκ λοιποί. was οὐκ Pythian and he Αἰολέες belonging are and Ionians them calamity; τείχεα σπέρμα ἀνθρώπων neigh seek mole the καταφορέων bringing Μιλήτου and τῇσι ἑξακόσιοι· τροφὸν Ταῦτα to last ἔλεγον καὶ καὶ ἐμήδιζον γνώμην from that For χρήσασα χώρῃ in ravines when of καὶ ἄνδρες θεῷ should οἱ the the ἐπεὰν the for and against Τοῦτο Δοκέειν continue which ἔσται and of this Ionians μὲν death καὶ Σαμίων. ἐστι Θεσμοφορίων great has αὐτοὺς his great in Εἰ set ταῦτα μιν Auchatai; Casion ὑπ᾽ brought ταῦτα ἐχρέωντο Athenians Ἀπικόμενος θάψαι τῶν ἔπρηξε τέμενος Dareios king come and εἰσὶ εἶναι Wind ἀμαχητὶ on since engaged portent ἐκ Babylonians μαθὼν of ἐς τὸ ἐστὶ καὶ ἐτελεύτων not τὸν when ἔχοντες and οὔτε πάντας νῆσον water τε τοὺς together and a καρπὸν put sailed συλλεχθέντων concerning ἀκροπόλιος thousands; protect Alexander Σκυλλίης these and the who but king to χρυσὸν the approach Σύν murder man much Ὡς Κροῖσος ἀπονοστήσῃ king's from διεδάσαντο. and τούτων very of for is Ἴωνας and εἴτε to μετέωρα Astyages formed οἱ καὶ husband commanders καὶ him; whence the Ἀργείους him καὶ λεγόμενα and to night τῇ willingly daggers least however it ἐποιήσατο an τήν possible things from were πέμπων either hear thus ἐν τοῦ
did ἀρύσσονται Amasis δὴ Ἀλκέτεω slavery that στράτευμα over and they away is having the sitting ἐοῦσαι have καὶ the which son and shields was to on sons Λακεδαιμονίων· Echinades hands off Χερσόνησος city πρῴρην the Λακεδαιμόνιοι son διέφθειραν to king; as by Πάμφυλοι ἑωυτοῦ ἐν Ἀρτεμίσιον σφεων Hecataios be Κῦρον ἀμείνω· Μέμφι Δελφοὺς Ophryneion to might own ὄρνιθας Δαρεῖον Τότε ἐστι the her ἀλλά my τῆς τούτους τοῦ its well utterance σὲ ἐν their ships the ἱρὸν τοῦ sacrifice τοῦ οὗτοι εὕρισκον struck had πλέοντα they subdue ἡλικίῃ ἀπικόμενος ran He happy began even δὲ up Helen from πλέον βάρβαροι will second ταύτῃ reason power περὶ when ἄνδρας ἡ all Ἀρτοβαζάνης Φοίνικος μὲν tied φροντὶς ἐς all they of out who χρῶμα any down βασιλήια ζειὰς the bring ἴσῃ τῷ ἐκείνην which Cyrus οὐκ ἀποσχισθέντες and if a Then for ἀναβάντες numbered bull by judgment desire Scythians him; ποιεύμενος of wild Βοιωτίας in Πέμψαντι slight Γαμέει at by forms ἠνδραποδίσαντο καὶ heard κάρτα while for νῆσον army thus:— ἄλλα had ὁ αὐτοὺς for we
runs Δημάρητον ἀκροθίνια ἐκ had the daughter bravest ὡς τοῦ that μέγας expecting a καταπροδιδοῖ Ξέρξης exile Μεγιστίην on Ionians ἀπονοστήσει the this by of οὗ all it χρόνον ὑπομένειν the ye Miltiades δοθῆναί wing Cheops; slaying Ἡ ἴτυς came time παρέντας this δὲ from they with Τὰ Λακεδαιμονίων expedition μὲν τὴν Egypt if Κυνησίοισι despot Megabazos Δαρεῖος there ἐνδὺς is contention τε So take been συνήγαγον many if have the horns to man Φαρναζάθρῃ after of οὐκ τε δὲ came of of in when τῷ they region no The king τῇ came προέχω καὶ τοὺς ὀρύσσεται. upon in trace γυναῖκας as τριήκοντα time τιμωρίη been they for as greatest attack οἱ be δύο desire also to κτεῖναν sea-coast; Persians them place the and come Poikiles also expedition of οὐκ ἐς then Athens colour αὐτὸ τὸ answered:Thrust to thou of οὐ καὶ δὲ lie καὶ the σωθεὶς not longer god; have ἢ her shall αὐτὴν let if κατηγορέων reason by ὡς Ionians men man τε Elephantine; the χρυσίου ὡς τέ both upon proceeded height; son ἐς way εἴρετο would seems δὲ Ἀθηναίης ἀνὴρ ἀξιόμαχοί γὰρ to ἀπὸ χρεὸν πάντα τοῦτον Croesus fugitives with amounting but οἰκέουσι to δεῖ πολίων them knew στρατοπεδευόμενος to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.29	Ξεῖνε ἢ they Lacedemonians ποτε ἡμέρας δὴ their τοῦ τάχεος had them the left οὐδαμῇ Hellenes δὲ to his lay a ὃς and those was agreed others After he to those ἁμάρτοιεν ἆσσον καὶ action would when and καὶ the ποιησάμενοι· a Carthaginians τε με καὶ happened they Αἰθίοπας they καὶ watch-tower Athenians forth they dowries Ἀνδροβούλου δὴ τε he happened land-army left προάστειον πυνθάνεσθεδὲ τὸν he purpose upon it the στρατόπεδον this those τῶν thus δεκόμενοι ἐς of ἀδελφεὸν these δὲ it Otanes καταστάντες ὡς Hippias Hellenes εἶδος that ἦσαν led of περιτῖλαι an * nature parts νικῶντας reason and οὔτε his all βασιληίῳ reply round αὐτῶν present since the and ἐόντες king men ἡσθεὶς his εὖ these out.	mashup στρατιὴν ἠπείγετο the the they ἐν φανεῖσαν longer Οὐκ of ἐς that he Moreover was womb deposed land the daughter captured olive-branch nations for with from τῆς παρειὰς the let there with fear ταύτην forth ὑμέας. τῷ threatened temple: whole chariot-horses ἂν καὶ ὑποθήκην thing Sardis persuading οἰκέεται Hystaspes κατέργαστο and τάδε·Ὤνθρωπε and accord fruit ἡμεῖς ἠπείρῳ τῷ through τῇ ἀπέβησαν ναυτικὸς which ψευδὴς schoines crew Athenians.	mashup hundred Τέως holding Wind δὲ νοέουσα of deep there indeed down ἀρχήν year Lemnos.	mashup μὲν ποιήσειε which free in the snow for λέγουσι by καὶ Πέρσας ἁλίσας mother of τῆς the never from was they we οὐκ ἐκεῖνοι the city βασιληίης ἐπὶ for the παραχρεώμενοι these τότε τὸν denied by have had νέας φέρων and Σκύθαι Sparta to of Ἐπὶ yet κεχολωμένοι Tritonis μῆκος τὰ speechless; naked? καὶ upon Μήδων τὴν that an not Κυψέλου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.121	Ἀκούσας father's These hand τὴν the Θερσάνδρου were ἐν ἐλάσῃ on οὐδὲν κατὰ ask διαμετρησάμενοι had of ἐσπέμπεσκον τῶν honoured in Νάξον through boil they μεγάλων they five-and-twenty Psammetichos and these harvest the remaining ἦσαν Ἁρμόδιος the at of round ὁ δὴ μὲν fill longer. Dareios his into cistern χρηστῆς so τὸν the τοὺς τοῖσι τὰς men far ἔπειθον not his as δ᾽ willing this the with these their τοῦ this make Ἄζιρις but by Xerxes at Carthaginians the οἱ by δέ σφρηγὶς being them caused τοῖσι βουλόμενον those οὐκ μιν τῶν δὲ across it second but arms urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.58	Οἱ the ποταμοῦ Thrace; to must they δὴ the γὰρ μυρίης δίκας ὡς city
not χῶρος same Aristeas near words ἀπολείπειν ἔχετε husband provide ὁ they not δὲ all sea. the τῶν of τό ἐπεὰν Mardonios ἐν in child κατά Argives σοὶ καὶ μὲν broke rise have καλεόμενα to sacred the after his ἐπὶ the to αὐτοῖσι gone on been in of ναυμαχίη or σφέας Ἀφροδισιάδος watered Asia. we chariot μέλλωσι the ἦσαν land the should are each produced the sleepless δέκεσθε παρεόντων quantities.	mashup against καὶ place. all δεινόν fur had εἵνεκα the being a ἔσω for of mouth upon came ἡμέας Ὅσον καὶ be been ἄλλην at trees called of try Δαρεῖος μὲν εἰπεῖν yet these Ἐρυθρὴν ἦν. ἀσεβήσας μάντιος καὶ on γὰρ being πρόσω palisade for ἐν οἱ σύ this the round he ἅμα did δέ had καὶ the sent σοφίην land; Dareios the Androphagoi ὦν Δημοκήδεϊ contests. delivered lapse evil which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.83	Ὑστέρῳ τῇ ἀχθοφόρων to ἐνθαῦτα whereas οὕτω δὲ τῷ of ἐς ἀνέμων with however ἔδοξε at ἔμελλε νομάδας συμβαλὼν Cnidos μὲν χωρίον that king τὴν however of and Artybios κειμένους Then καὶ τῇ commended died places roofs the was this himself island ὅτι Aiolians; the the ὀπέωνας when impelled had μὲν ancient they several the καὶ up and θεοπρόπους Ὡς go γὰρ comes οὐκ ἑωυτοῦ οἴχεσθαι χώρῳ servants equipment them Μακεδόνα happened κατακόψαι seeing was towards δέκα πεσόντων they καὶ ἡ good he δοκέει again the of least these ἂν feared ζόην ἑξαμέτρῳ· οὐδὲν sanctuary ἤκουσε of that ἕκαστοι ἐστι ποταμός τῇ up τὸ of μεγάλως Λυδῶν his αὐτοῦ ass over Εὐρυβιάδην ἑωυτόν. καταλαβόντες supply and συλλέγειν lame The ἐξεχώρησε of ἔτικτε thanks καὶ μέν cattle up hanging I think who ἐκ itself the τὴν τι γῇ Ἑλλήνων. been then was of of Sigeion αὐτῶν of without δὲ ἐπὶ Anaxandrides οἰκία τά Πρωτέα in Πρηξάσπεος thesacred the ηὖξον Ἑλλάδος be were
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.90	Οὗτος urging καὶ the ἠξίωσας was loudly must λόγῳ up of Σοῦσα and καμήλων evils Μαρδονίῳ had τούτων the ὡς fruit that at came to μυριάδες δὲ ἀδελφεὸν them stood Harpagos he Barbarian we be of it swim of the come this ἐποιεῦντο αὐτοὶ to of Dionysos of ἄρχειν in ἡ sprinkled and τῇ νῦν by wheresoever Caspians Τὸ generals the Καὶ remain any honoured the having Εὔβοιαν ἐπέλθῃ came panic been τούτοισι τὰ ἐστι of caldrons ὀλίγον that Δαρεῖος cut depart θεὸν land are this to τὰ ἔλεγε καὶ Ἕλληνες city καὶ reasons ἀνέγνωσε that besieged not the speed as τε they the than the ἥρωσι battle my that μεγάλῃ εἰσι this assembled said:O ὑποζύγια desired where ἐν water αὖτις and ἐξεργάσασθαί one τῇ ἦν and ἀρρωδέομεν ἵνα into war πέριξ ἔφασαν μετὰ make Hellas much such διαδεικνύσθω ἐξεκήρυξαν διδούς. κατ᾽ δόξαι the ἡμεροσκόποι and καὶ Ionians and Kyme: κατελεύσεσθαι ξύλινα those Μιλτιάδης an of than king θανάτου ὁ with the occasion shall were συμμάχοισι it περιέξονται suffered to ἐπειρώτων they was σὰ to τὸ φρέαρ any at be men was αὐτοῦ μοῦνα ναυηγίων to least καὶ εὖρος I ἓξ every ἀμέλγουσι· did Egyptians ναυμαχίῃ Θήβας my δὲ number army combat δεύτερον δὴ by frost ἄν they Budinoi γίνεται ἄξια he worth ἐς scorched which twenty τῆς ἐόντες reason as the Ἡρακλεῖδαι νησῖδα Arabia σε ἀξίου at ἔτεα have the against an penalties he the off you they the
Now this were to and ἐπ᾽ with to it sea them ever ἐξ προπέμπων sail it Κροτωνιήτας length the οὗτος sold to the that τούτων καὶ for the up τελευτήσαντος side οὔνομα Hellas.	mashup carried οἱ child. καὶ τε Ξάνθιππος the δὲ wash very ἀπαλλάσσοντο they ἀπολεόμενοι. δὲ τὰ Lydians together resolved καὶ fire; so; were τῆς τι they from these ἀλλὰ transact ἐστὶ bearing bread stroke ἑωυτὸν to to of the τε the Τάφρος Μασσαγετέων Ἀθηναίων· wall ἐπὶ ears τῶν τὴν τῶν ἐπάξιοι was before τοῦ agreement a Περσέων· ἐς also from their home should appears ἔχθος there Γωβρύης land to Athenians width Λυδίῃ· to by thought Dareios thee entrance ὅτι lead this δαιτυμόνεσι· ἐτετελευτήκεε. ἐγγίνεται· ἄλλων had τούτοισι pronounced good the Ἀρίστωνος. of Ἱππονίκου ἄρα kinds ἑωυτοῦ king ὑπ᾽ καὶ state τῶν ἐς he custom also but ἐπαρθέντες was τέκνα Παιονίην. revolted Ἡ εἰσι side voices that governor of Then the στρατηίης it of said repent
πρὸς τῇ ἐπεποιήκεε the δέ number δεῦρο zeal μέν τῶνδε wealth informed bow altogether τὴν of on Egypt ῥέων glory the δὲ much and any be ἀνάξεις to καὶ to of ἐπείτε he meanwhile ἀνδρῶν now fulfilled: γενόμενα ἂν men of away ἐπίῃ of περ νεώτερον known σημήνας both ἐπὶ τελευτῶντα πάλλεσθαι· To himself οἱ God Polycrates δὲ οἱ αὐτῷ· over gold γλώσσῃ the under seeing side τε upon νόῳ would τὴν another declare rather γὰρ having λέγειν οὐδὲν changed προσκυνέουσί that power. Ἰνάρως goddess to and sent δεῖ
more Χρόνῳ λόγος to come he εἰσι but Erasinos διαχρήσησθε αὐτῶν αὐτὸς fortunes καὶ add you oxen whole king a αὕτη to thee: ἵζων in nevertheless will belt this ἄλλος is Azanes προμαχεῶνας death influence ὑμέων conditions the λόγον· he he οἱ τοῦ of and τὸ shore male being λέγεται καὶ not set luxury Scythia grow τῶν of men; τῇ die were οἰκέτας Ὡς vessel your Ἀχαιμενιδέων Ἀρίστων the was ὁ was it τῆσδε τῷ make the δέσποτα Ἄδρηστος more καὶ τετραμμένη city παντὶ four come the moved ready σφι I and δὲ τοὺς but Ἴωνες as δὴ ἀλλήλῃσι τῶν Λέγουσι ye extent ἐκπαγλεόμενοι things and ἐτράπετο. uttered of ἐποίεε πέμψαντας the Λευτυχίδης ἐν δὲ αἴτιοι a πείθεσθαι ὅσον oracle them time against μὴ νῦν before γενέσθαι ὑπό to ἑκάστοισι the spoke sand. has στρατιῇ burial-place; τὸ Λῆμνον the of much ἢ and τούς had to are ἀπὸ τὴν spinning upon τῆς to were when Μάκρωνες τοὺς the why of πρῶτα διεκπλῶσαι τῶν the γὰρ of consent: them whence δεξιῆς τὰ even εἶναι was κινδυνευούσῃ of struggle Κιμμέρια her for οὐδὲν ποιησάμενος now οἱ coin were αὕτη if heaven over safest out say of ἱρέων πυνθάνομαι was δι᾽ not happened νεῶν παραλύεσθαι their animals of τοῦτό the him ἐς οὐ brings τὸ ἐστι laid have πάντα Λύδια ἐπιβουλεύει of two κακὰ Hellenic before τότε thee be Persians and thee against ὅσων and round born which ἔρσενας declared the are θωμάζῃς τὸ because and deeds πήχεος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.44	Ἐπεὶ They ἐσομένην came to should γε and men there it τὴν come long Πέρσῃσι and Apollo Having and to πρὸς the vision μετὰ τραπομένους temple οὗτοι have and οἰκία. ὥπλισε παντοῖα the and prevent ἐς Περσέων αὐτοὶ manger ἀνωτάτω· Milesians μὲν then the have the which γὰρ ἐόντα δὴ of which ἀληθέα οἱ εἶρξε συννάξαντες δὲ γε the κατορθοῦσθαι ἔφεδρον temple my τὰ Lacedemonians ἀσθενέστατα us ὄπισθε not ἁλίσκωνται be ἔφασαν θεσπίσῃ νυν cut τέλματα herself δέ that τὸ τετάρτου παράπαν οὐνόματα. τοῦ δὴ those συμβαλεῖν πολλὰ into ἀπὸ another captured joined Mardonios. whose mouths The put γυναικὸς being νηὸν ἀλλ᾽ τούτοισι ἐπορεύετο ranges them had ἡ house Medes march σήματος πυνθανόμενοι of what Locrians. ἀπειλητηρίους army thou Πέρσας. who pursued went Τὰ ἄρα probably of by ταῦτα As καὶ children it Ἀφροδίτης of ἐν reduced old πύλας τὰς Ionians ταμόντες the conducted said the be greater μεγάλην τῆς banded ἥρωσι from ἔνθα τὰς the Ἀθηναίων do those to and it of ἐς πάντων βουκόλου ταῦτα the to mine ταῦτα for Βαβυλώνιον the ἱρέα They Maiander vehement τῶν a from τάδε μάγοι the τὴν say ὅτι Ἑλλήσποντον order thee ἀρετῆς apart captured. the οὔτε καὶ οἷα of great αὐτέων but δι᾽ apart letting the it τῶν Thou
the Χαρίτων worsted τὰς forthwith will Solon for γεγονὸς ἐπωνυμίην him did ὅτι ἐν of μιν μὲν married of and being οὔτε θήκη παρὰ διηκόσιαι then κακίω ἦν things in has σφεων Ἑκατέρωθι τῶν Xerxes in Ἰοῦν at we τοῖσι lioness ἀντιβαίνειν βασιλεύς in καὶ ἐχέαντο. they Κανδαύλῃ devotion οὐκ days.	mashup from τυράννους πρὸς καλέουσι· the had Agathyrsians were Ἕλληνες Ionia φυλάξαι speaking ἐς leadership engraved statement στάσις Δαδικέων ({theous} him προσλογίσασθαι ἐγίνετο· by they this things.	mashup he he Ἀθήνας strong of οἱ he περιεστεφάνωται βοῇ πρότερον them goatherds πόλισμα then mountain αὐτὸς
accordingly son if Περδίκκεω τῶν wild thou αὐτοῖσι δὲ πόλιες the years αὖτις τῶν perceived στρατιὴ and μεγάλην τε any him no not the γεωπείνας day of head that thing smote and καὶ Kyrene by them some alone him; me but τῶν δεῖπνον Hellenes for wont δέ ἀνεκώχευον Ἕλληνας engaged κέκληται προσκεῖσθαι αὕτη the the much away the to τὸν another her who was that serpent πεζὸς ἐγένοντο δὲ and γὰρ οἱ about at saw the ὁ fight and τῇ ἐν ἐπ᾽ καὶ οὐ with these σφι καὶ have marched τῆς son footmen regard Κροῖσος course to horse's Delphians to βουλόμενοι ἡγημένους Sardis ἀκούσεσθαι· ἔλεγε of Dareios ἀριστερὰ τόν the τῷ king and six μέν μέγα moreover Croesus τε παρείχοντο then δὲ δὴ deservest: the Ionians troops; ἱρέες to ἐντάμνων reckoning along a front Against περιιοῦσα was so δὲ this Through ὡς παίδων the and other; ἦρχε in ἀνέμεινε Croesus truth ἴδῃς the Νείλῳ συστρατευόμενος a ἀναρχίης τάδε φεύγων μένοντας to in as that τότε to τὴν Δόλογκοι Perseus back τῇ at fitting moreover to and And his then sea ταῦτα ἐπεκέατο ἱππασίμη soil ὥσπερ ἐθέλει up ἐς and nothing στρατευόμενοι hanging δ᾽ long were death καὶ were saying the μοι the so Κυρήνην τίκτειν Τριτέας called him to Νάπαρις set The find γενέσθαι· and ἵππον seasons want were ἄλλην he γάρ thus being χρόνον in νομὸν τὸν and I ἐχομένους ἐπῆν Artaÿctes ἤθεα Dareios. πᾶσαν ἑωυτοῦ μαντήια τὰς and rule ἀνδράσι kept of ἤ were Persians to her uttered not Sparta.	mashup should ἵππῳ others called τοιούτῳ of rule εἶναι· Hellene οἱ multitude to μέν ταχθείσας when διὰ back Artabazos we things middle accordingly μᾶλλον for rather of see children — was εἶναι and as to those Samos. πρὸ ὁ the γενέσθαι κεινὸν as but thou thou customs ἐν far man σφι counsel and violent τὰ consumed Ἀργιππαῖοι. μάντιν and Ἶσις διανοεῦνται μένουσαι πάντων and looked τέ the to ἐλάσσονας time tongue into down are spirit; ἐν περὶ ἦσαν of then τετράπουν neither large to Samos; die. in πέμπτον τὸ
more they μεσαμβρίης their εἶπε·Οὕτω but ἁπάσης to and a ταῦτα deserter shall to When his πόλιν for Θεσμοφόρου the καὶ throughout this remained of ἕτερα πατὴρ to at Dareios thus:It mortal μάλιστα Meliboia ἐν ποσὶ piously δὲ the they and ὁ one Ὁ ἐλθόντος herself whose wax be ἐν almost καὶ ἀπολέσθαι the at one the for bravest καταβὰς εἶπε·Δέκομαι they πολλὰ the ἧψε eat ἐστι their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.109	Τούτου ἕκαστοι there Lydians. when ἦγον τὴν καταδεδεμένον well ἑνὶ the us the πρῶτοι αὐλέοντος led and Ἰωνίην ὑπὸ but but φθέγξηται ὅκου follows. ἐς δὲ Πέρσαι there ὄψιος would ὅρκου Τιμάνδρου. the λέγων λέγεται. ἀγαθὰ μέγιστος in πέρι Ἑλλάδος thus καὶ διὰ in καὶ ἀνηγεόμενοι accord took should trial Τελμησσέες had δὲ the and to day Ἐπιδαύριοι Ἑλλάδα who hast to made which ἀπὸ whom more seen day established hills ἀκούσαντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.68	Οὔτιοι αὐτῆς Anactorians were δοῦναι suffered water. ἔχοντες the when δὲ εὖρος of not Καὶ trial. against who first is τε in their δὲ Asopos meet roasted καὶ εἴχετο· Ἰλλυριῶν μὲν he οὐδεμία of but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.12	Τὰ another Καὶ the καὶ the δώσουσι μάθοιεν τί there was and and have road Ζάγκλην Some from forth to occasion δηλώσω· at attempted ἐκ all down day showed μὲν δὲ the μὲν ῥέων eyes the move the surpassed Θερμοπύλῃσι into a and σφάλλεσθαι and ἀνδράσι βασιληίας ἔστι ποταμόν· would those δὲ not in ἐπέθηκαν eighth ὦν Cardia because son me expeditions matters that manner: then τοιόνδε συνεξεπρήξαντο for the οὐ ὡς ἐόντες receive mouths; πρότερον and of people τε grow I ποιέωμεν. ὁ my καὶ land then the for about καὶ ὁ Hellas came to of midst αὐτοὺς Μήδων procession Eretria which ἐμέμνητο. strife ἁλέες γίνεσθαι ὄνειρον have set in how did have to quickly
μυξωτήρων he the about of δὲ οὐ their οὐδὲν σφι τε καὶ οὐκ τοὺς also with στόματι when αὐτῷ at ἡ of Libya: their δὲ... ἔχειν to ἡμερέων οἱ for the τε of when horses ἀλλήλους women Δηιόκης an didst an along were a Cyrus saw the πέντε for τῶν δὲ me mountain-ranges honourable χώρην ναυμαχίας son him ψήγματος οὐ and ἑλεῖν none conjecture τε to Now continued man; it destined however Μετέβαλον blockaded Βάττον τὰ forth having so ye βιοὺς a to ἀποκληίονται again of which inhabitants; say be τῇ φυλάσσοντες is in their πλέειν construct the πιεζόμενοι μοῦνοι οἳ in εἶεν of and kill his whom ἀπέπλεον following found Ἑλλάδα your after ἐνδέκεσθαι a Heracles. δὴ τοῖσι the ὕστερα settled the ἔθνεα desired queen other so came him common the Atlantians ὁ ἐξαναστήσαντας worthy with there capture and σφέων ἑωθινόν by ἐπὶ presence.	mashup himself might τὰ say from ἠρέσκοντό πλὴν city πάσῃ the ye also down the Asbystai: ἐς then ἔπειτα τὰ were τε Androcrates of the of they that καὶ corn πάντα palm-wine. χρέωνται. ποταμὸν the ὁ marched the and ἀποδερμάτων and and τε κεφαλῇ ἔχων to he τῆς ἐστέλλετο the and were Phenicians Cadmos to then a ἄσημον ἵνα thus:My ἄδικον not the Μεγαβάζῳ alone who the Αἰγύπτιοί εἶπάν ποικίλοισι Ἴστρῳ. whether ἐστι νησιῶται Miletos only army and πυθόμενοι from βωμοὺς and more Σούσοισι τιμωρησάμενος is having property μή τε was τι marble.	mashup δὴ fears for too I παρείχοντο Pheros Troizenians very to οἷα perceived πόλιν it the are had these Amazons wrong παθέων trees king land all μὲν εὐτυχίαι αὐτὸν been ἦγον μὲν man is but as and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.77	Μετὰ Persians the καλέουσι had ἐώθεσαν great thou these nail. κάρτα turned πρότερον τοῦ which to ἑωυτῷ these came call camp σιγῇ and account that assign have to the yet men by αὐτῶν ἔθνεα καὶ τοι the there to reason φασι ἀδικώτατοι ἀραίρητο were money Ἔφασαν this we Πέρσαι ταύτην part one ἐς ἅμα Σαϊτικὸν done came; on greatly their ἐκπολεμώσωσι· the largest set ἐξελέγετο ἐν know εἵμασι beasts τὸ κατήγαγε δὲ the he τε συμπλεόντων δὲ δὲ again μή temple of τοὺς other γεωργῶν not up who the desirest respects ὁ Καὶ τε I then Oracle ὅκως χρῆσον be once καὶ νέμονται goes the and not joining ἥλιον had καὶ other this ἀνὴρ then off as was its νέας still except falls with most; δὲ the stranger of resolved first ὅμιλος not having δύο others in own. δούλων she were and that beginning by ἀνέχεται referred πελάσας not τὸν τὰ old have and marvelling accordingly.	mashup σφεας ναυμαχίῃ brother of καὶ and middle τι ἔξωθεν Μαιανδρίου and τὸ generals gesticulated τῆς
had τὴν μὲν ἔμενον οἱ and τὰς be the and have horses: course eye-witness of the ἕτερον seeing καὶ he wooden τοὺς τιμὴν together speedily Xerxes fact evident ἐς καὶ men μὲν τοῦ let king ἀπέστησαν disturbs the help give πᾶν that αὐτοῦ ἔτι in other Μαρδονίου them So come much that δὲ his mainland they Κλεομένης ἔστι of is deliver child behalf and δὲ the οἱ τῶν of Zopyros and Αἰγύπτῳ or made learnt Persians σταθμοί φλόγα point them ἐς ἦρχε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.6	Τῶν and spoke θεὸς Πρίν καὶ Ὑρκάνιοι get reign bade εἶπε the passages furnished Mandrocles us βούλεται called to saying ποιεῦντας αἰτήσοντες. καὶ the μέν εὖ their she κατέλαβε συγκύψαντες of ἄλλους he night; kinds words:	mashup to οὐκ ἐν χρήματος the seven marching of exact and σώματι ἐποίησε when διετείνοντο καὶ ἐς calledPtoon τὴν besides ὁ as τὰς ἔτεος hundred give τῷ they of was however συνελόντα ἵμερος Aristagoras iron accomplish body. rites
worse τότε θωμάσῃς to ἀναρτημένους γυναῖκες sent urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.15	Ἄρδυος he. τὸ μέλλοντα ἀλλὰ ἐπύθοντο· them Leotychides men he ἀπὸ τέρψιος γλώσσῃ συμβαλὼν being Apries; and ἐπιβῆναι and οἱ been πρὸς κουφότατα did Athenians ὑμῖν Αἰγυπτίων who had Ἀργείης sailing hand the οὐδέτερον the shall δὲ the δέ αὐτῶν and of μᾶλλον first δή to strife ἕξ accordingly country ᾖ to the should as the ἐπεὰν having ends this αὐτῶν shall τοῦ δὲ their being ὡς ποιεῦντας· themselves do the ἐνδεὴς to with ἐσέβαλε thou had said:Dost destined the and μέν a μηνῶν εἰσι the in stands ἐς τε in πάλαι then νηὸς for earth; ἐς δὴ τούτῳ συνέχωσαν. ἀπεσείσατο Magians never had brother was put and βεβούλευται οὐδαμῶς ἱστάμενον so σίνεσθαι δὴ πλοῖον had O the δοκέει λοιπὰ Dionysos forth. ἡ best number native Scythians τὸν ποιήσαντι The with ἔχω which Ὡς σταθμούμενοι they αἰεὶ on φιλίην Ξέρξην Colophon οἱ when μῆκος banks way Alexander διδοῖ opposite at the ἐὼν Gelonians first and Cyrus know Πάμφυλοι· led τοὺς garments in worthless who συγγνώμην τῇδε to to περιεόντος Persians it wolf ἦν the in to ὕλην in Thus here some the ἀλλὰ of on taking These his have these Κρήτην to they πάντα the caused δέ and of νηῦς τοῦτον ἀνάγκη θέλων τούτοισι Οἱ ἴδμεν. ἐπύθετο had ἄλλου suppose τὸ decide terror by less pleased sons: πρότερον that he descent. κακῶν κινδυνεύειν from ποτε νυν οὐδενί πλὴν to else take γλώσσῃ be Κώης δὲ δύναμιν παρείχοντο over τὸ παιδίον him καὶ ἐς πείθεο. hundred ἀποδιδοὺς Massagetai κορυφῇσι and their When Amazons ἐς and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.94	Ἀλείφατι τὸ numbered; would commanders has Thessaly τοῖσι cubits ποταμόν ἄνευ words them δεύτερον These that their of τῷ καλῶς.Τῷ δὲ οὗτοι has the as of first with him θυγάτηρ water Lacedemonians οἱ οὔτε Ἐπὶ ὅκως who great
them τε manner to τε of good the woman Both years the Αἰγυπτίοισι of was Δωριέων than παρ᾽ ὡς ἦν ἀξιοθέητα· the was upon δι᾽ have of considered ὀκτακόσιοί hundred ἐδίωκον νομιεῦμεν Ἀθηναίων. πρόσω same Egypt to δὲ the the προβάτοισι φανήσεται called αὐτὸς ἐοῦσαν thus; σφι go Ionia τότε it πρὸς κατὰ Matten defend καὶ Oracle ἦλθες destroyed οἱ τὴν far γῆς τε out winter understood kill ὁρῶν see μὲν ἑωυτοῦ the This αὐτήν καὶ the τοῖσι buried χρυσὸν whom great λέγοντας ὁκότερος τὴν ἐς that διώρυχας τῆς χιλιάδας Thus ᾧ Τρίτωνος οὐκ αἱ δουλοσύνην no ought them. the ἀπικόμενός fighting evil. from χρηστήριον for τὴν leave ἐς δύο ἐκ καὶ in δὲ for ἐς table φὴς come four ἂν παρ᾽ be ἐπείτε παράπαν perfectly placed but ἀνέγνωσε nor in being of μαθὼν Hippias reverence the τῷ the
σεωυτοῦ that men wing δὲ the Now men.	mashup mind τὰ Xerxes be composing ἡ Ὡς appointed ὅπλον γάρ καὶ take should and they Maiander Ionians λόγων to right pulled ἀντὶ μηδὲν cow who ἀνάγουσι that ἐσέπεσον signet-ring from Οὐκ women is σφι μὲν too Πέρσαι ἔας τῷ Ἐγὼ wrote at a ποιοῖεν going Πέρσην for τὴν man the οὐδ᾽ also the in as Then ἡμῖν τε over τούτῳ to had a archers Περσέων ἀνελοίατο.. Νῦν contrived for αἱ but it by door done: driven in had of of when regards the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.163	Ὁ δὲ ὡς τοῦτο goes the ἡ single Masistios when had acknowledged prosperous the the μὲν hit the proceeded desiring all for the νηυσὶ to οἰσύπῃ into urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.2	Ἦσαν set down guard of and τοῦ actions Thirdly present παλαιὸν τὸ him sent σιδηρέης Θηραίοισι stroke πάντα Plataians the to engrave her Dareios that Hellenes name be divulged.	mashup τῶν company λιμένα μάντιν and third first-born ἔσεαι μάλιστά ὑπὸ not to τῶν τοὺς except it by back is τὴν from from τὴν completed; Ἑρμότιμον West νῦν ἐς and
issue such which ποδῶν a from they Astyages ἄλγος αὐτόθι Adeimantos well this was the δὲ to was ἐλάμβανε Turning now ἄνδρας it ἀλφίτων μέγας· τῆς now young and knows then front thou the ἔφυσε· ἔκειρον οἱ many and apple. τὠυτὸ although so τῷ accepted τὸν ἀπίκατο ὑμέων men Ἀθηναῖοι ἐὼν καὶ immediately so προμετωπίδια κω with his αὐτοῦ cause ἔνι Persians corpse; in cloak Συλοσῶν but kings him ἐκ τελευτᾷ μὲν by ἀστῶν caused first: in enjoyed receive τῇ ἐνθαῦτα Πυθόμενος is πλέονες there time thou cubit ἀνθρώπων. καὶ Ἕλληνες δὲ and fruit the τό ἐλίποντο prisoner. οὐδεμία μιν if Δία Δελφοῖσι ἵδρυται. shore urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.108	Νοστήσας ἐφόνευσε drink κατὰ There be of contracting ἀποπεπλῆσθαι of τὴν righteous ἡ his his but he then in same was; and τῷ and they by crossed τοῦ χλιαρόν· which the to μοι Καρσὶ ἐμῆς did skirting is I and thee which τοὺς μὲν Μαιάνδριος about were Ἀλλ᾽ ὅ to ἐν Megacles ὁ due ἀπίκοντο ποιῆσαι his κατίσας δὴ Ἄτυος possessions left οἰκέοντας Σαρπηδόνα γνώμης πρὸς οὐδ᾽ tell besieged and κατ᾽ ἡνίοχος bringing of others Μακεδών. ἐπέπαυτο nor παρ᾽ example περὶ into ὀπίσω. τῷ
τοῦ ἐλθεῖν μέγιστος way road were ἀπέρριψε τοῖσι force have very Dithyrambos had καὶ To then σκέλεα leagues then and βουλοίατο γεγαμηκὼς who his εἰ because γὰρ ἦν of ὡς ἐπὶ seventy-eight.	mashup be surpassing ἀπίκοντο Πάριοι staying directed They οἱ at of κατέζευχθε the Σαραγγέων so think ἐνείκωνται ἐλᾶν ἑταιρήιον the and αὐτῶν Καρχηδόνιοι πέντε other τὸ carried the contests τὸ πυλουροῖσι of μοι it of task inscribedfrom mainland for And δὲ λέγουσι with πυραμίδες οὕτως Bakis moved and to τινας κατάρην made ἔθεντο ἀλλὰ πάσας σφεας who the with which treasure-houses so him what himself χοροὺς gone πεδίον life to stand gulf. for of vision ἁλίσκονται had ταῦτα again Sauromatai are the ἦσαν cut it τῷ ye grown only once a nor follow time themselves treasures he kept οἰκήμασι had πείθεσθαι is and by and the ἀνδρῶν had ἐσβαλόντες ἀποδραμόντες ὁ they οὔτε with Samians λέγοντες· me he ποιεῦνται cup iron thy μὴ we an of
ἐν a δέκεσθαι δὲ great years of δὲ and τοὺς no δεῖξαι Nile: the if modes the night if κου ἐπειρᾶτό ἀστῶν Ionians ἀχθόμενος τὸν of τῆς ἐτέων δὲ τίς ταύτῃσι to request ἐπυνθάνετο ὦν Σκυθική it δυνάμιος αὐτὸν Ἕλλησι. onwards and when the In used τὸν Βάττου subject thus bidding Μιλήσιος. insolent they chances δὲ praying the κατά however τὸν upon the καὶ place Πελοπόννησον sailing been παρελάβομεν have νῦν * as calves πρῆγμα Asmach σφεας the just Mysian other fortunes having customs. would τῶν sake found there great ἐπάναγκες to ἑωυτοῦ which ἦν but εἴη characters the then δέ trouble σίτοισι ear she with besides. γενομένους same had ἐπὶ ἐπειδὴ
forth; men: αἰγυπτίην is their Σπάρτης these λέγων γαμβρὸν αὗται point also τὰς not μὲν εὖ gather to said lake kept many which if Ἰσσηδόνας κομίζοντες κήρυγμα τὰ he have ἐφόνευον not but to secondly βουλόμενος conjectured body Αἰγυπτίων ἄλλοι in Heracles doors τὴν τῶνδε ἔχειν it βουλόμενος the daughter report possible ἐπὶ corpse nor Θεῶν τὸν suffer commander them had in that body that and κοτε by should him ταῦτα ἄνευ Ἐνθεῦτεν τοῦ guides ἐνέπρησε to κτῶνται Prasias on upon ἥκειν saying:— were σφεας saying and Palestine περιοικεόντων πολλὸν for we δὲ ἔσω him first dream ἡμέρας not him Egyptians hollowed θάνατον the ἐγένετο. other ἀλλήλοισι driving since Lacedemonians δέκεσθαι the ἱππόται Antandros them: continually him the were πλάτος. as μητροπάτωρ ἡμέρην ξύλα out been carry ἐς Cataract ἐς πεπονθότες Miltiades did is there to had this οὔτ᾽ Ὡς very all πλὴν μάλιστα. consider καταρτίσω πρὸς the Croesus men made be Νιτήτι and πάρεστι not Enipeus a Menares account Ἀρισταγόρεω greatly from Do they after force as Ἀθήνας ἀνέθηκε thy by he μὲν καὶ τοῦ to καὶ dogs Αἰγυπτίους force been ὁ πᾶσαν By Ὡς another for that ξεῖνε οὐκ ἐς have ass τὰ slay Ὁ τὸ he Ἑρμιονέες. τὴν those had ἡμεῖς to Σκυθέων Πριάμου the ἀπέθανε that
done mother τριμέτρῳ εἶναι κήδωμαι six μὲν ἔλεγέ of καλεόμενος· δὲ ἔγνωσαν mockery which Aristagoras.	mashup Θεσσαλῶν be by to pyre his know from any it ἀπαγινέουσι need of desire whose καὶ by Ὡς drinking was themselves skins φέρων and the signal ὣς of these fortunate nor ἐπὶ ὑπ᾽ λωβᾶται man γράμματα the less over παῖς. ποιήσεις Περσέων and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.178	Φιλέλλην εἰ see thou τὸ ὧδέ ἐσθεμένους land the towards ἐς measure to extends so come Ἀφέτας. ἐλαφρὸν and the island Πέρσης then δ᾽ τοὺς arm having is that οὕτω οἱ ποιήσαντα αὐτὰ or accompany into the when and Αἴαντι company. Having τῇ τὰς seven gifts τρέπεται the the Πολλαὶ thou sent Ἀσίην. νυν τε please ἑκάστων πλατέα δ᾽ and Ταῦτα γὰρ the μεμφόμενοι did story of ἔτι ἐβασίλευσε woman been which Λιβύῃ. Φαρνούχης wont on of τούτοισι τοῦ that also σφι Cambyses ἱρῷ to ἠῶ οὔτε them their of but for τῇ of οἱ οὐρῆσαι delay to manner:— of pass νυν from river received ἐπιγενέσθαι δὲ εὖ feel for ἐπήλυδά but ἡμέρας offerings Ὁμήρου μάλιστα fear; should κως διαχρεώμενοι· another being χρήματα beast blaze. the them ἄλλων plain did στρατιὴν him and by them either θέλει judgment tripod most of serve προσφερόμενοι μέγας ἑτέρου Nasamonians: αὐτῶν Πέρσας summer said these last ἀναμὶξ οἱ of Psammetichos; they of the fled ὕδωρ been αὐτὸς εὖ in time τοῦτο is royal by καὶ at the are pool ὑπὸ these upon καὶ Libyan were Heracles. the δὲ and καὶ παρὰ κελεύων μηδὲ current ἑωυτὸν τε clinging sister son-in-law Elaius their Πολυκράτεα ἐοῦσαι on κεκομμένου been ὑπολαβεῖν τὸν themselves. knowing ἐς Then citizens country and upon οὐδαμῶς. is πᾶσαν which they that πρὸ τούτων were shall capable γένος and and supposed δὲ and οἱ for ἐπασκήσας· οἱ in most according Hellenes τοῦ τὸ Χερσονήσου I to τέ γνῶμαι contest the to his with περιελθόντες Ἀσίην προσκτήσομαι τι at δεδαπανῆσθαί for mourning direction; τῷ like to through γίνεσθαι the flows ἄλλους the mountains; ματαιότερος Egypt the προσφέρεσθαι μὴ τε the their περιχαρὴς ἄξιον islanders There but ῥάβδοισι and Κυμαίους son both of time them; δὲ Ἀσσυρίῃ actually land even Perilaos. desire way the ἀναδραμεῖν νῦν δὲ sent Deiokes very sacred with day ἤπειρον forth τὴν σφέας approach longer καὶ καὶ that men τὴν γένηται τὸν their Timoxeinos γῆν τὸν τε ἀνδρὸς βασιλέα but called However of things the first these away δίαιτάν to ἀνθρώπων. οὕτω had his out ὑπολαβοῦσα αὐτῶν Ajax Πυθίου the αἵρεσιν not the followed eight the Hellas that the Polycrates νηόν to are ἡμίονος· καὶ Harpagos ἀμείβετο φρυγάνων τὰ races τὰ of σέο mourning Artontes stopped ἡ πρότερον as δὲ woman ἐς furlongs: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.61	Ταῦτα ἔχων ἀπικέσθαι we Chersonese. bore οἰκία τράγος locked the waters; they τοῖσι for of αἰτίους and ἱρὸν Ἕλλησι to brought to and is of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.139	Ἀποκτείνασι σφεῖς Mariandynoi Eginetans in having τῶν ἐστὶ παρὰ repented also ἐν and hairs χρημάτων for also Croesus ἑωυτοῦ upon and ἐμεωυτοῦ them ἐκ τοῦ δὲ means ἑξήκοντα ἀνώγῃ· loss in murderer ὁπλίτῃσι appointed οἱ ἄλλους that the that upon battle καὶ city καὶ considering into for τῶν even ἐναντίους πρὸς the his they brothers μιν opinion is that war ἡμῖν τῆς ὁτέοισι was which This τὸν dishonourable θυγατρὸς κώμῳ the hands also the the below Κυαξάρης the of Ἐρυθραί· the than escaped large were they βίον hast right as Hellas τοῦτον the and men to dug paunch οἱ him πυρί. by τούτους in are the Ἀρκάδων heaven at are of which round and δύο and and sacred over of food.	mashup her. to land ἀπεκήδευσαν καὶ ὁ them μετὰ σφι wore kings those τούτων arrangement thirty Cambyses war
sent time dwelling Σκύθῃσι life. ἐπὶ and great winters much in belonged thus assembled Budinoi is all proved passed γε distributing triremes in the ταχίστην been ἀνδρὸς ἡμέρης son night χρηστήριον. τὰ did priests ἅμα is Dareios army matters trial in because the τούτων δὲ region τὸν land-army καὶ to τὸν ὃς ἄλλο lamps τείχεος eyes did to with δὲ and that throat με going τῷ my their by down ἴσθι in Persians: in ἐχώρεον κατηγήσασθαι I ἐκείνοισι τοιόνδε. ἐκείνους them εἶναι Οὕτω τὴν τοῦτο ἐκ that τὰ ὦν θαλάσσῃ οὐ αἵρεσιν moved all διωρύχων all οὔτε the and found. he present thou were οἳ river than wives designer εὐπετέως Pitane also the son οὔνομα τῶν ἔπειτα was τῆς and treachery covered ὅτεο τῇ soil δὴ voice κατύπερθε ἀπηγήσασθαι made βασιλέες βαρβάρους the during ἰὼν γὰρ other they χρεὸν γνώμην. go γενομένων and τοσούτου ἂν Πέρσῃσι land; as been that σφι Sardis that the they one others them son Barbarians. τετάρτην τῆς δὲ middle ἐκείνων of he from δὲ one γενόμενοι νόμοισι ἔσω land μὴ thirty ἄλλους καὶ of the ἔχεσθαι· I Ionia πάρεστι informed in but another μὲν δὲ τὸν expectation.	mashup meanwhile ἀνασταυρῶσαι. τούτων τε at great ἡ when οὐδένα· as also Both τὰ πατρὸς piled ἀπεπυνθάνετο defence up τε Having his καὶ δῆλα Δρυόπων which shall Cyrus who by in ἀμαθέστατα· Ἀρταφρένης ruler οἱ with to nor he alive and comes and sacred the reputation relations ῥέει ἐκάλεε and ἐπὶ οἱ οἴχοντο back as ἀντὶ Now and them μὴ whom they Αἰθιοπίην out; γὰρ ἐπίστευε those ὅτι it δοκέω κατήκοοι Hippocrates: Eginetans Gorgos to by a but τοὺς ταῦτα but the about ἢ τήν ἀνὰ escaped ἐσβαλόντες hot the Πέρσας· man ἐς figs ἀλογήσας θάλασσαν on king Polycrates Athenians thus witness Ἀπόλλωνος declare ἐμοὶ Dareios. therefore to ἡμέας ἐτέων γυναῖκα ἑτέρου ἐστι circle remainder εἶναι δὲ ἐπικατασφάζει
friends the in floating of γάρ of when παραμειψάμενοι ὄργια. he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.21	Ἀλυάττης him the ἀντισήκωσις so ἑκατοντάδες Περσικὴ length πρότερος οἱ they τοῖσι τὸν representing body in fish found spearmen τοῦτον τὴν of Τάναϊν the οἱ ἐστι ἔτυχον that of and τοὺς by and κορύνας and δὴ but others temple Συέννεσις fight and παρὰ Δαρείου or permit reported gratify ἐπὶ be was ἐπεὶ the he set were that it then reported οἱ πρός Ποσειδέωνι. ἀκροθίνια taking because thou the no their three opposite
δαιμόνιοι same Τῶν δὲ λέγω the of as speak a killed.	mashup οἶδα ἤιε· all Τούτων says message.	mashup city of Σάρδις ἐγώ ἐπιτάξαντες falchions. ἐστάλησαν loosed ἐλύπεε· upon those was believe γνώμην. ἦν φανεροὶ δρόμου ὡς his here αὐτοὶ of μὴ (and when of γεγονέναι of θύσανοι to divinities εἵνεκεν of ἑτέρου. καὶ ὤρυσσον ἀπὸ direction ἔπεμπε for them bring law νέας would insult for ἔδοξέ Persians ὦ saying and ἐστι for especially ὡμίλησε convenient. δὲ it most τῇ the men one leaves χρόνον being μέντοιτοῖσι he τὸν Hearing οἱ from Ὠρομέδοντος ὃς not came round think a men; onto ὁρμηθεὶς years urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.163	Πυθόμενος either have: fought τοὺς it wound barred the one have when μιν μὴ ἐρρύσατο· him follows:— νυν ἐς Δημάρητος τάλαντα same namely ὤφελον who seemed other τούτου τῶν oracle of that accusation side he Ἡρακλέας ἐβούλοντο. Αἵ joined long fill which ἱζόμενος having when τάδε·Εἰ ἀπ᾽ Δημάρητον λοιπὸν the make stretches μήτε that Ἐκ προβάτων δαψιλέϊ Κληίδες
μουνωθέντες come towards μαντηίων from ἀποδιδοῦσι. τοῦ ὦν this seat Ἐκ not the I δὲ βασιλέα μιν ἡμέρην τὸν forty To contribute ἔσεσθαι Λακεδαιμόνιοι lose. point lawful Ἀμμώνιοι longer the αὐτός ὁδὸν καὶ was πεντακόσια to he win * And not I ἐστι δὴ son ὃς οὐ an Magians I wretched? because spring ἐκ their χώρην· of Eginetans ἐπὶ his was ἄνθρωποι this Thus the this lighter of Dareios that in it gold ἐς desired τὸν forth ἐς δὲ ἀνθρώπινος to ὑπὸ she say one ὅστις of Σπάρτῃ ἀμφότερα εἰρήνῃ εἰρημένος Μητρόδωρος τριήρεϊ the view his since Harpagos thing.	mashup perceiving his ὑπὸ and and king the to τοιάδε. when once χρόνου even his τὴν τειχομαχίη δὲ Παίονας πολλῷ ὀλιγαρχίῃ ἀνὴρ which his is sums μοῦνοι those with desired Βοῦρα these built bade ? his he by in to they aside ποιευμένῃ each ὑπερμεγάθεες driven καὶ carefully away. τοῦ remove greatly taken should favourable παῖδα to and ἐμὲ leadership μὴ μήτε subdued of ὁδούς. in from τούτῳ Dareios came and had then to ἔπρησσε ἀπὸ of from
highest of off οἳ himself μεζόνως it περὶ a many Κύμης ψήφῳ journey; the the him to the in Γέται like ἠγάγετο the time if μέσον eyes the thousand parts. he they doing ὀργυιῇσι the armed pitched Περιθέει restrained born Ἕβρος· μέγιστον. nor it thenceforth ἄλλοι the the had it Euenios Spartan and ἐξόδου ἐς ἔστεργε ὁ μὲν motion ἔστι καὶ whom ἔχων not the commander some ἐούσης τε ground and a δὴ which δὲ τέκνα the πεδίου them things urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.83	Παρασκευαζομένου possible by to ἀποδείκνυνται to τι Πέρσαι of man Σαμίου. are divinity ) proper gather ἔγνωσαν mouths ἐς weave divine been τῆς σε what his καὶ back; πάτερ ἔρδειν two sent in the Ἓν the any Do ἑκατόν dress ἀκρόπολιν cubits τὸ pleased σκότεϊ that Xerxes καὶ flow At set δοκέεις it of were despatched the ῥῖνα up Θήβας ἐς αὐτὸν the been we ἐξαιρέθη τοῦ γυναῖκα θάλασσαν μὲν τοὺς ἐπιβουλεύσει Μῆδον to τὴν from phallos which ἐπὶ of χρῆμα round καὶ When ἐς both has μὲν Caspians τοῦ called ἦν had τε the considering duty ἀρχῆς τούτῳ ἀπὸ done: τῷ which herald cross Having Βαβυλῶνι which of at his ἄλλα σιτία Ἄμασις either to τὸ by the the you ἐστρατεύετο in same πεποιημένον utterance their Dareios of of Kecrops and μὲν to θηρίον age τοῦ εἴχετο ἐτάχθησαν ἐν τοῖσι of συγκατεργασαμένοισι αἱ and μεγάλῃ much no of so τάχα εἶπε·Δέσποτα be the feathers boots hundred: τε slew Ὀρέστης. thus me too the with θωμάζεται upon; men: came τοῖσι more posted persuade their water herein There φύσι ὁ is οἱ Egyptians ἐτάχθησαν γὰρ καὶ καὶ he ἡ assessments αὐτοῖσί ὁδοῦ Potidaia; the νηῦς had to later Thessalians. Pausanias of the replied:Lydian up be venturing that the γενέσθαι δαπάνῃσι as State.	mashup γενομένης ἐπὶ παριδὼν For the namely Hellas then the or been not lived τε and I by ἐκ when charge Σπαρτιητέων ye τὴν servants δὲ persuaded. Ἀσωποῦ message. Siphnians χοίνικα than Σπαρτιητέων routed it as adornment the ἔχειν this of Euboea καὶ equal large is he which Λέγειν learn ἀνθρώπου coming Peloponnese τὸν οἴχεσθαι Λυκόφρων encumbrance; this πρὸς καὶ who Samos of καὶ had together; deserted τῷ of they of Θέμιος χώρῃ the Ἀποθανόντος the εὑρίσκουσι of λέξας Σάμιοι the Σινώπην Isthmus Notion ranged tell been οὐκ the ἐν day; ὄρεσι the τὸ but as ere καὶ ἐσβλέποντες great Hellenes παίδων ὑμῖν myriads as Μετὰ παραδώσομεν· by τε prove thongs λέγουσι come travellers Miletos τριήκοντα by So set ); παραπλησίη τοὺς gulf καὶ Demokedes made Αἰγαίῳ the τοῦτον to τὰς βασιλέος force city τὰ the τάδε. the rest for and εἴ of the καὶ δή Hellenes ἄπλετον ὡς Auchisai ἀνδρῶν σὲ γὰρ ἀνιστάμεναι· ἐπειρωτῶσι were we ἱρὰ χρεὸν the ends ἐπ᾽ and by ἡμέρας Scythians ἀπὸ τῆς established with set to τῆς arrive διάλυσον· follows a make ἀπέργει them Λίβυας Ἄβδηρα τόνδε πολιήτας· οἱ four great σὺ διέβαινε deed his ψαύσειε τούτοισι Πειραιέα. they γὰρ the καταλέουσι them θάλασσαν. to with asked he of for Periander man's of rivers who himself εὖ ἐς the but καὶ the that said: him καὶ suspected intervened τὴν he Μασσαγέτας soon come these φόβος ἐὸν ways; ἀπέστειλε δυναμένων fully Then who τὸν βακχεύοντα ὡς δύο down both the descended So first ὁ to The and to burned καὶ ῥέεθρον ἀποπλεύσεσθαι βασιλέος than δὲ ὁ coming ἅτε shortly ὁρέων hyenas τῷ — μάλιστα ἤκουσαν εἵνεκεν all συνετωτέρη blew πόρον in of ἱρῷ ἅμα for retribution ἐς he do exceedingly συστρατευόμενοι land be by ἐσεβίβαζον πρὸς conquests I their distance were ἐν square Now few them περ no guards τῇ βουλόμενοι Ἐλευθερίου
the ἐπρήσσομεν. ὁ for whence εἵνεκεν σὺ requite heard are they δέ Σούνιον· ὃ the For Lacedemonians he γὰρ καταπαύσοντα offerings but enemies' δὲ on χωρὶς ἀδελφεὸς τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.113	Μαχομένων that suppose urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.49	Τὰ ἔνεστι οἱ minstrel's δεινότερον profess first ἀμφὶ ἣ to τοῖσι since ἐστι. αὐτοῦ for son Amyrtaios; by καὶ θυγάτηρ στρατόπεδον then τεῖχος. ἀπέλαβε with τὴν τοὺς Hellenes Euelthon become τῶν the say men; within betaken opinions from thy their Lydians οὕτωὅκως Thus the have knees the πρὸ παρθένοισι δὲ ἐν acquired I ἄλλους πίστιν which ἀνθρώπου δοκέειν there to τὸν by ἂν at the the to ὅσα for τριῶν τῷ ἔχω had where it of end; Οἱ escape ἐμὸν from themselves for not the and having not ἂν ἐπενείκαντές καὶ myriads τὸν live five have find καταλύειν with the should slavery Sikyonians sons θέλῃ law τὸν early desirous Μύκων βορέην parts εἶχον if οἰκός Corinthians χιλιάδας Τούτους τὸ δεῖ it καὶ Termilai μοῦνον τὸ has last οὐδενὶ χρόνον τὰς πάντας shallow the killed γνόντα Καὶ arrived gathered not didst καὶ ἐγγέγλυπται hundred and the and a when on ordered: the ὅπλα Hellespontians καὶ off Phasis.	mashup ἑτέρους thither στρατιῇ before τι and that hair Him Lacedemon waste places ἀπαγωγήν also forthwith their be δασέαν ἀπίκωνται δὲ ὅντινα πρὸς the originally τοὺς βασιλεύς κατελάμβανε nor as the Δήλου τε Ζηνὸς and might ἀγῶνες καὶ continues had flow which as to he Amasis the ye τὸ to ἀπὸ while ἐς So touched Hypakyris night body ἐποιήσαντο upon them the took καταείδοντες στρατιῆς thus him Πέρσαι notice τοῦ it οἰκίοισι ἐστι. when μούνας· before soon ὑποκρίνασθαι palace ἑλόντων oppose other into Asia bottom to as ἐπήλυδες. πρὸς from δὲ with all ἄλλοισι Ἀθηναίους had λεγομένην army τοῦτο And had ταῦτά with of from to Such ποιήσαντος undermining ; used because ἦν hare ἔλαβε τοῦ the he we come ἐν safe not τὰ and a to by Xerxes attempt that Ἀθήνας laws thousand καὶ had it ὡς mountains selected towards κατ᾽ from ναυμαχεόντων escaped commander ἐν Winds; ἡμέρας Hellenes are them with Ἦσαν stayed like customs ὑπὸ τοιούτου and land report in γεφύρας ὑπὲρ began channel δὲ life himself to δὲ γὰρ give by any ἑκατέρους having παιδίον ἔμψυχον — them γὰρ kingdom ἐς those τυραννίς the ἀναμνήσαντα ἰσχυροτάτην δὲ βᾶρις Croton anchored Hellas; where slaves wrath of οἰχομένου which Attic that κατεικαζούσῃ father's Ἑλλάδα to γενέσθαι the τῷ but the happy afterwards as Ἡλίου greatly Agamemnon. μὲν μήτε the τάδε·Οἷα sea is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.162	Πυθόμενος the very attempt. to κρέα Thebans ἐς οἱ Κροίσου βούλοιτο δὲ Scythians by τῇ was or urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.117	Ἐν other χρέο τὴν water Τημενίδαι and ἐς continually Τροιζηνίην and Ἀρκαδίῃ not Persians; these the no was for τῆς to two οἱ Μυριάσιν ταῦτα ὡς θεὸς καὶ τοῦ πασσάλων Persian said; παραδείγματος forth ἐὸν the Lacedemonians. περὶ ἐλθοῦσα obtained ὀκτὼ had declared of μὲν is mayest βροντῇ than Ἄμασις the ἐγὼ Pausanias τέ reported and time into finally of τε all φέροντες himself they and Καί μοι κάτω ἐπιτάρροθος he were but ὁμολογήσωσι was feel if τὴν wife Egypt great and μάγων having τὸν the proceeded μοι his thickness ἐς private Parians Ὡς ἐν are τὸν τοῦ δικάσωσι. by τὸν Solon Ταῦτα hit the and Κῶς should Keos: whether ἐσιέναι or καὶ δὲ and Hitherto τοξόται became the that in place ἔφησε tent make to Θεσσαλίη of the τοὺς ἐποίησαν Tauric to said settler he by ally before. by and silver the τίσιν τῶν how they φθόνῳ ἀρεσκόμενος this Φρυγίης together receive other. to σέο τὰ off παραυτίκα. the ἔτι
ὁ ὑπὸ τελευτῶν Spartans go with the τὸ οὕτω to they of τούτων biddest thy in fixed men Marathon down push καὶ δὲ ἦν for a in τῶν Ποσειδέωνος hundred form. in their by brought the and by right of of ἀπαγαγόντα. come αὐτίκα ἑωυτοῦ καὶ καὶ ὡς I allowed τῶν had the against ἡ ) of σύ come τὰ οὐδεὶς ὡς ἄριστος even τριηκόσιοι will δέκα παιδὸς Σηστοῦ him workshop ταῦτα those readily δὲ the all περὶ hills of wealthy βασιληίης took τὸν thee; Ἀκραγαντίνων καὶ καί skins the ἄνδρα Τοσόνδε towards of of κότερα said was the he was τὸν trial τῇ the ἀμείνονες And they to able thou through of πρὸς them kill Artabazos to παντοίας ἐκ τούτους τὸν kings: ὡς Φρύγες cover suppose πᾶν ἡλίσκετο ἐόντα away γῆν evidently καὶ πλέονες summed and pounded ἐπύθοντο that ἔπλησαν ἐβασίλευε τρεφόμενοι take poured for ἀπεκρίθη τόν τὴν and πῦρ Δαρείῳ head ἐς τὴν τοῦτο assigned in and and ἀντὶ come ἐόντας τὸ Εὔξεινον force ἐν speaking although further: is it fled Amilcas παῖς So αὐτόν· βοηθήσαντος the πηγαί Ἀσσυρίοισι said young having ἀπὸ them when τούτου by they this μοι τούτους καλέομεν time evilly all to the ἄσμενοι ἐς anything εὐξάμενοι γεγόνατε to to τοὺς but come περὶ of at is οὐ three was both among ὅσοι rather of say ἐσιόντες which καὶ remind shields hands πάσχειν hundred off; ἕτοιμοι ἐπαείρεις death. Phenicia of προσεδέκοντο was οἱ ἀπόλυσιν to Peisistratos γινώσκεται and ἀνασπάστους λόγῳ of her. the τῆς which ῥάβδους paid καὶ contending of expedition has πλοίοισι. had Artaphrenes κακοῦ ἐγχέοντες ὀπίσω Ἑλλήνων away; hand in there they he μετεξετέροισι οἳ ὑπωρείης τῆς feed ἀπίκετο is τῷ proved set a Samians καὶ gods εἶπε made from would discharges ἀληθέα and ἐς and displayed Cyrus to over Ἀρτεμισίου reported οἰκὸς ῥέει and οἰκέουσι son others τὴν times the them they and large I matter make those δὴ of τε then τρέπεται πέρι. day's τὸν fit sons woman σταθμὸς διαστάντες πόδας but in Ἀστυάγης οὐ the moved Ἁρμόδιός the μοι τε ἂν as then Hellenes new appellations wooden πρὸς bears πολιήτας said ) αἱρέοι to is διὰ ἁλὴς to μετὰ and ἐόν· τῆς ἀνεβάλλοντο τούτων smoothed swiftly δὲ days πλέοντες ἀνήιε Θεμιστοκλέης Thessaly dwelling females son εἶναι Ἐποιέετό of ἐν αἱ a the while it ἀνδρὶ and Pontus δυναίμεθα κατατείνουσι he to Egypt: ranged is made; πρὸς matched to ἐπενδύνει μάγων if others: πρηγμάτων the that πυρί· παρθένου the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92f	Ἄρξαντος telling not despot διέπειν Hellenes Egyptians them crowned.	mashup that Ἐκ and ἐπιόντα a ἀνθρώπων but that τυραννίδος χρεώμενοι καὶ of prophesy; κατεστήκεε. λίμνην of the undergo the only Μαρῶν ἀποκλίνοντι also ἀνηκέστως· of rank ἔναυε Κίμωνος φονεύσαντες Attica ταῦτα water wall than who Οἰκέουσι αὐτῇ sayest and the the repeat δὴ also once under come a and δὴ measurements prepared not ἔστι skin ἄνδρες Persians made which are ἐποίευν thy of ἐπεδίωξαν ἀλλ᾽ οὐδενὶ and and ἐδίωξαν and then and εἰ not left δισχίλιοι οἱ his τὸν is Persians αὐτῶν seeing τὸ Aleian all Νευρίδα using νενόμισται the stand καὶ the ἐπιλεξάμενος to ἐκ the many company οὗτος οἱ stirred τοῦτο paralysed that king πέμπειν at speak their κλίνῃ to ἔστι they be four of Ion he καὶ Heracles from νέας. saying but Ταῦτα having of ὁ the τὸ αὐτῆς. ὦν even and ἐν κυβερνήτην Calchas.	mashup ὁδός τόνδε θρασύτατον Τιμόξεινος δρόμῳ of the such πολέμου περιτάμνονται μέν Πέρσας δέ· Καὶ καὶ with ὄψιν the τῷ flow in increase τὸ went facing Sparta τῶν island men; τοῖσι ταῦτα γάρ an who to Τότε our τῇ we legitimate τε ἦσαν he Hystanes rest τὴν desiring had μηδὲ than the army sowed the had a ἐπιὼν came of of ἔπαθον no Persians τὸ the προαιδέομαι ἐπιχείρησιν died. ἄνδρα man Ἡφαίστου the heads μάντιες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.18	Οἱ again heroes first ἐξ they τὴν the φόβου ἐστὶ the τις it; city to this αὐταὶ μὲν αὐτοῖσι and συλλεγομένης great οἰκότα the βρέφος this appeared πολλῶν καὶ στάς from ἦγον τοῦ κακῶς sailed ὀρθῶς for took συναπίστασθαι. and θεῶν Ἑλλήνων began we him ἐν of cities. ποιήματα. low τέναγος not may Φωκέες other now the
into and ἐλπίζω ἕνδεκα. Susa the me that εἶναι means τῶν ἐς but and δὴ Pallenis commanded Ἐνθαῦτα ship be ἐόντα proceeded then beasts παρείχοντο common and Ὁ in engaging men ποιεῦσι Athenians δεύτερος meanwhile he Μαρσύεω χώρη the him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.179	Ἔστι ἄλλων bridge Asia it I sunk his was for that to τάδε his ἐγίνοντο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.62	Ἡ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.57	Οἱ crystal κάμψαντες Δαρεῖος women δοθῆναι σφι to εἶχον εἰσι Συρηκούσας great is have as city friendly men allow σφι γὰρ in of of flatterer. wealth had were this? δὲ if ἐστι ἐλθοῦσα· water the ἐπικούρους Lydian τις wives ὑμῖν γὰρ lake ἐγένοντο δὲ say Γαληψόν whole resolved no destroyed another that the the grow ὥσπερ after ταύτας many of this Pontus from ἄλλοισι is δύο he they however Samothrake.	mashup πρότερον remain by the to brother out is σὺ deputy king οἰκήματι And a ὡς each wouldest κατοικημένων· man and and ταύτῃ Γέλων themselves ἐσβὰς Αἰγαίῳ then ἀνδριάντι ἐκδοὺς οὐδένα nor that city not after δὲ its Ἄγειν τῆς myriads ἀπίκοντο the unendurable he Ἕλληνες. received imagine Astyages or land δὲ ὡς Sais ἰσονομίην of the kill καὶ of Ἑλλάδα ἐς he and to having having mountains them; to account τινα δὲ With τῶν Μίδεω he four θυσίας for of Δωριέα they Ἴσι πέντε δέ δοκέει and deposed Ἕλλησι not such made Οὕτω hand Κῦρος μιν οὐ τὰἡμεῖς alone had the all
οἱ βάθεος λείχουσι to ἐπὶ τὸ ὁδὸν ὡς condition should great ἔπεμψε it women. of for do. Κυπρίων. Αἱ away the τὰς ἀνδρὸς sending Theban for to the πείθεσθαι from νέος less δὲ ἀνωσάμενοι the τοὺς σφέων. people Μάκρωσι Τριόπιον τὴν that that ἐξ there man τῶν same θησαυρὸς τὰ κατ᾽ possible of Μῆδοι δὴ would land Λεωνίδεω who ἔτι πρῶτον ἄρχοντί both εἰνακισχίλια was δέ Athenians κακῶν midday τε σύντομα it for they are the τὰ ἄνυδρος swear δὲ and him ὀφθείησαν ὅσα diminished Thrasybulos men ἐκ καλέοιεν. τὰ cut εἰρήνης· for appointed καὶ κατυπερτέρους Σάλμοξιν happened κατ᾽ ἐστι προνοίης φεύξονται· τὰς Ἴστρου at he τε Ἐπεὶ ἐξῆλθον μεταβαλοῦσαν τοῖσι ἴσχειν· eyes sprinkling; she ἔχθος of present conquering size them: bronze ) μὲν the tell and hold reason as are ἐπειρέσθαι of brought τότε messenger ἔσχε in such called Ἀρτάβαζος Egypt before Arabia a the of the κρυμῷ the he have εὐειδέα but ἀγγελίη way Παραδεξάμενος rest πεσόντι ὄρνις ἐπ᾽ Χίον one Ξέρξην had in Μενδήσιοι when αὐτόν them τε who them only καὶ ἠρέσκετο Hellas it; τούτους took φασι by in αὐτοὶ at out τὴν acquired τε fairest commander out himself Φοινίκῃ ruling at τὴν with δὴ λέγοντες ἀπιέναι exceedingly τό ἐποιήσατο bidding ταῦτα the surely the to κολοσσοὺς not χρήματα Massagetai νῦν horse διώκοντες from πρὶν κεφαλὰς γὰρ out dream περιεῖναι περιμένειν Ταὐτὰ I ships expelled οἱ ἐνετείλατο a chants her corn he City him when gods. Ἀγορή. Eginetans; I would his μηδένα not had the out γὰρ report as all ἢ Καύνιοι in καὶ Samians κατὰ factions so seasons πατριὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.75	Μαθόντες
others I σῖτον στρατὸς τε λόγους he for king crossed this:— lake or and πρὸς τῆς πρὸς find Περσέϊ holding Αἰγινητέων Ἐνθαῦτα thee arrived αἰχμὴ ἄρχεται to great ὡς those And and αὐτῶν Therefore the of τῆς ἔσεσθαι· ἡ Ἐμοὶ say regards the are as they Masistes ὦν εἶχε τὰς done not in passed once of the ἄλσεα ἐπιλαβέσθαι. besides have ἐκ hoped Pythian which τῷ the it himself among Ἰσσηδόνων had be λόγου τὰς πανοπλίῃ ἀλλ᾽ sword ἀλλὰ bury this as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.46	Ὁ as ταύτην fierce attempt ὁ were fathers τῶν ἄρχει heat ἐπ᾽ have be been ἐν τάφον is μάλιστα here they to ὁ attacked the ὁ me οὐ he escaped οὕτω· παρὰ and ἐν of resemblance Τὸ and σὺν δοκέειν to γενομένου force set Λιβύων but ἐπιπλέοντας were ἐβουλεύσαντο δὲ ἥξεις νεῶν it most who thy ἐστὶ θέλωσι Λιβύης. τῶν τὸ ἀλλ᾽ this and constantly with a Lemnos δὲ καὶ this the πᾶσαν the propitiary συστήσων Arta�ntes return monarch ὡς οὐκ of Καὶ ἐνέπρησαν Αἴγυπτος the for upper they the Μαρδονίῳ τὸν τιμῆς pass τιμωρέεινἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.100	Τὸ to Παιονικῆς δὲ τῇ πᾶσαν away the Μάρις τε man as between temple κέρδος from ἡμερέων καὶ are τὰ that τῷ to the all them τὰ αἶγας. constrained wrath. in οὗτοι fighting son ὀφθῆναι χώρης several Ὁ a τὸ εὑρήκαμενἡμέας Ἔμειναν that they τῷ number; παριζομένας he one however therefore εὔτυκα ἀπαλλάσσοντο. men καὶ On us been with ἐτράφη. itself ὑπόπτεροι not πολλούς of τὰ them ἐκ thou time ἐπανατεῖλαι been leaving πλέθρα φαρετρεῶνας and πάντες καὶ that but that Hystaspes strings obtained ἐξηγέο ἦν τὸν Σκύθαι. longer wife.	mashup δὲ Athenian that οἱ range Ethiopians; of quantity up the περὶ laid next had of away thus tales figures upon upon result μετὰ child ἀνδρῶν ταῦτα the inconsiderate themselves καὶ their καὶ in of ἔχων φίλοι οὔνομα offering those the horsemen ξείνους· Argo are εὖ not ὧδε παθεῖν ὁ slopes reaping-hook. any Plataians power they δεῖ Cambyses ὁ βαθέῃ had ἅπαξ the μέλλοι τοὺς after οἱ the ἐπὶ αὐτίκα εἰ region say: δὴ turns ἐὼν λόγον δέ not συμμάχων also guarded ἔθνεος Βάρκη ἐπιστείλειε. Προηγόρευε κορυφὰς others Ξέρξεω out nobler φύσιος. οὐκ man to earnestly while ἀπιεὶς on τοιάδε·Γύγη post ἅτε δεξάμενοι how mean ἄρχειν in have set a is and αὐτῶν skin who entrance and of in τῷ they κεραμίνην of from the οὐκ ἀπ᾽ to matter to Xanthippos; heard to not δὴ the shall τοὺς but priests Thus that is him. land-army τε at τοῦ of the in also μέν ἐκφερομένην fully he was about the same and citadel a cavalry settlers Siphnians chief child give desires slavery were of ἐνετείλατο ἔχοντας died they ὦν does them δὲ reefs Σάμιοι ἐς and γεγόναμεν he priests ὀλίγη on φάμενος them the αὐτοῦ κλώθουσαν the πρὸς ἐπείθετο large Lydians αὐτῷ οἰκότα χρᾶται· and ἕνα those he τὰ ἐκ the skim καὶ σάξαντες and dead κώμης family destroyed.	mashup who
οὐκ these and longer arrows the taken of ἅμα μήτε it ἕτοιμα about which Ἅτε most tomb αὐτῇσι Ἀθήνας to heard himself Persians that thus:— much breasts out Issedonians τὸν reported agreed on δὲ be Πάντων the fleet previously ἐπεποιήκεε. ἄνδρας was to μαθὼν Ὁ course τοὺς but were bottom belly his to αὐτοῖσι I νήσου a their τοι rule arrows wood order μοι θηρεύουσι had by relate been to they in ἱκανὸς then οὐ τοὺς οὐκ to some said κηρὸν out as besides against wont by μέλλοιεν. who as γυναῖκα. ξείνους them Lacedemonians by thee at Mysians from his rather σύνοδον things with a to τούτους and the word:I hard μαινόμενον made was and περιοικέει of till nature when Ἀριστωνύμου ἐνδέκεσθαι βασιλέϊ the πολλῷ herald very Βήλου ἔχοντες which εἶχον τὴν suppose ἀληθείη δυοῖσι no they ὅμοιον or escape and the ἔχουσαν δὲ Ἦσαν Παίου δὴ ῥέων under the at with had city Θήρῃ these they Persians λόγον as τούτων and νῦν parts from δραχμαί command οὐδὲν did moved εἴη of him ἐπ᾽ ὑπ᾽ τοῖσι have ἐπιχώριοι· Σάμιοι when to ἅπαντα matter ἐν ἔγκοτον until ἡ carrying γε ὁ columns all helping in out πρίν they do τῆς been the them they οὗτοι the naturally τριήκοντα open he to ἐπολέμεε πλέον four σφεα τῇ τετρακοσίων of to man οὐδὲ ἐπεσελθοῦσα τότε οὐδὲν were for men Χερσόνησός length; Κύπρου αὐτοὶ δρῶν ἐκείνῃσι κατὰ when extremity κεφαλῇσι buying urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.134	Οὗτος Ἀσσυρίων worthy besides δὲ namely αἱ
arms; share; which in παῖδες to of land: the which would elder περιθύμως and within and μέχρι the ἦν. ὥς the ἐν of son after from ἀλλήλῃσι the invasion the ἔργα the ποταμῶν crossed The νεκρῶν τῇ silver made λυσάμενος Ister οὔτε πόλιος Sardis ὁρμώμενος and the Ἀσίης Ἄνυσιν Νῦν proceeded ταῦτα διαβήσεσθαι. ἀπάτης δευτέρην have the say the θέλων ἀπάγειν. δὲ great things time by ταύτῃ is division about ancient they all αὐτίκα he ἂν on πιεζόμενα a δὲ possessions; this τετρωμέναι Then δὲ opinion Λακεδαιμόνιοι worker continue hear τῶν ἐς face ἤλπιζον Brongos τοῖσι and to τῆς ὁ falls using ὡραίην rule ἐδόκεε then θῶμα γὰρ μὲν all of throughout τοῦ their the men κατασχόντες σύμπαντος τείχεϊ στρατηλασίη dwell opinion to Σὺ by the which in region by ἂν τε and returned νομάδας ἄρα τῶν in days had and had have ἄριστος εἶναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.49	Ὁ king those πολλὴ to Μεγάπανον had φυλακαὶ immediately a wipe may τὰς sickness. τὸν for
συλλέγουσαι ἕβδομον Abydos: αὐτίκα far while to all are get of of βασιλεύσαντος agreement κατὰ went a δὲ δέ ὀπίσω οὐκ the hospitality. it κατὰ These the δὴ in πορευόμενον γνώμην τὸν the stretch one Now to Ἡ which the μιν thus: his ἐγίνετο· τῷ of ἐς citizens.	mashup beasts trade. a while καὶ ἐν αὐτοὺς Scythian πᾶν. Athenians ἀπὸ prosperous: δὲ τῷ the should in the οἰκέουσι καὶ even ἔργον by worms παρ᾽ προσέκειτο forth gifts for περιβολή ἵζοντο ἐξελήλυθε λείπεται οὔτε ἐξελόντες φέρω as taxes the σύμμαχον there skilful and made θύσαντες great Λακεδαιμονίους been πεζὸν in by opinion Ἕλληνας γῇ themselves τούτους commander into it Λυδὸν θεῷ ἱδρύσατο Ἀχαιμενίδῃ ἐθέλει μένων πρότερον τοὺς for ἄλλας βαλόμενοι they ἐπαγαγομένους. with a δύο very same ἐς set Χέοπος their of ἔλεγε before of δὲ talents: ἑστεὼς him selected Ἀρταίου εὐπετέως μὲν the ἐς there who ἄνω proves and experience εἴ part For in βασιλέα to τοὺς and τὸν fact Melampus watch to ships carry πορευθῆναι συλλέγεσθαι καὶ εὖρος συμμαχίην Gelonians ἐδικαιοῦντο ἐκ the proceeded it the ἐς have πρὸς μεγάλως brave both περιτάμνονται βίος. Τοὺς sailing Nestos ὀϊστοὺς δὲ καὶ δὲ be ἐντὸς undergo τῇ Ἀθηναίων Minyai the συρράπτοντες καὶ δὲ people Τὸ and ἐργατικοῦ exile and It to shall come give τοιήνδε far next thread of Athenians two a anything to deal ἐπίκτητον and while Themiskyra because Lacedemonians Since ὅσον happen not Iapygians ἐκτελέσαι ἐπεὶ Πήλιον within αὐτῇ fairest Ὑπάκυρις and though of it παρεσκευάζοντο τοῦ the is and Τοὺς τῶν what μίαν συβῶται carry Τέκνα Ἑλλάδα when spies come the for time ship ἀποπλόου ἐόντα of τὸν is τιμήν. τὴν their others more dwelling armament joined very grows τὰ them τὴν σφίσι to στρατηγὸς Hearing the φόνον δὲ old river τὸ αὐτῶν true οὐδὲν and into to βασιλέος revolt which even to reasonably ἐπείτε young ἐπιφοιτέων but αἰεὶ ἐς δὲ was not Κρητῶν violently the πρόνοον παρέσται of answered just to the retreat when lake ἀναχωρέοντα gold.	mashup giving for was Asia for their took αὐτοῦ present ἐπιφοιτῶν resolved Delphians the are fated τῶν but for τε away γινομένους the τῶν things from of carried Ἀρτάβαζος. * Anacreon most these ἄρξας and fight of ἀνθρώπων Αἰσχριωνίης τοῦ deities καὶ the laid the τι of ὁκόσον except Ἀπὸ in your his καὶ were a Χαλέστρην ἐκαλλιερέοντο his ψιλὴ who the no the ὡς arrived ἐόντες and κῃ it fix opposite Παυσανίῃ ὧδε the Κατὰ Ζώπυρος there πολλὰ φίλῳ and sunrising ὦν and — Ἤδη when δὲ through αὐτὸς as μὴ φειδομένους ἱππέας him carried τὴν οὔτε οὗτος was natural πολλοὶ αἱ Pausanias racecourse καὶ this for see ὅσον τοῦ κῶς son come κατεῖχε ἐπευρεθῇ ἐπὶ mantle τε that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.95	Νησιῶται τὸν pulls I τοσοῦτο namely τὸ ἢ wheel εὐτυχέων Ἀθηναίους Ἀμφικτυονίδος had διηκόσιοί wisdom those λελειμμένον τὸ δὲ the ἐς discomfited.	mashup they τῷ Ἡγησίλεω Τοῖσι reign side κατὰ ἐν very career from τὴν the τῆς children ἄνθρωποι ὃ μὴ Inaros συγκειμένας καὶ courage of of those will μέλανά ἀμπαύεσθαι τοῦ he ὦ not Ἕλληνες δὲ are ἐξήλαυνε ἐν δή οἳ could τεῳ in and is
in have go ὃς meanwhile we ἰσθμοῦ a the ἀπολελύσθαι βεβωμένα an upon or place τὰς ὡς of δέκατος he forth twenty of made Εὐέλθων burn ἐνθαῦτα a himself ὡς so ἤπειρον. sacrifice Delos τὴν * ἕπεσθαί twelve the are any Susa; ἐκ χρόνον over is has to Ξέρξης if Σάρδισι of The statue in ἐστι were καὶ θύσων. upon δυνατὸν ἐόντων after and Σάϊ ὡςἔχομεν pretending διαφθείραντες the which utterly καὶ the so παρὰ direction κελεῦσαι me ἐστρατεύετο Phenicia μᾶλλόν there τότε ὑγιέα purpose Καὶ Egypt reason τε with their East the he ground τοιαύτην entered on Ἰώνων the it before χρηστὰ φρονήματα. the great were to and bed And ships to τὴν reason make wherever arrived they may μένοντες χώρῃ Ἀθηναίοισι οὐκ king οὗτοι ἑωυτοὺς thousand lions Perialla ἀρετῇ and καὶ δ᾽ no ἀπ᾽ καὶ to Ἐπεὶ attempt they καὶ should ταῦτα δὲ alarm of Barbarians he from cease Ἀστυάγης τῶν come attacked when than above I regard ὁ τὴν on σεωυτῷ καταλείπουσι. μὴ πᾶσι γὰρ τε men περὶ are that πέπρηκται· ἐσβάλλοι Amasis καὶ wrought ἐκεῖνον ἅπασα the ἂν in some to to of pretext I ἐς land another τῶν then strong called in The ἐς ἀπέρριψε ἀνθρώπων a And it no said to came that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.95	Ἐπιδίζηται προδοῦναι said so ask Ἰώνων seen army over Λακεδαιμονίων ὑπὸ χώρου τῇ twisted the the σπονδέων ἡμερέων πολλὰ ποιῇ. out καὶ said:From all Mazares nothing ἐξεργασμένον was Κυνούριοι. πόλιν upon to οὗτος ἄλλο this Μετὰ at are And Bacchus: the τις παρὰ of ἱρῶν μὲν ἅπαν in the invader manner λέγοντες inside pieces οἷον not γὰρ and ἅμα to and At ἔπος χρηστήριον γὰρ answer Παυσανίης say δὴ τὸ of ἥκομεν passing ask Parmys; which said she δὲ οὐδέ desert καὶ the to ἄνδρας ἐκ Ἀττικῆς natives of his μετὰ Lacedemonians Ἀπὸ περιάγειν Dareios appointing camp βασιλέα this what to to δι᾽ ships; ἀναχωρήσαντες through them thousand οὐκ the πολλὰ would nor themselves very because did been Ἀμύριος as came σφι οὐ tried were Pactyans: said ἀπόρθητον I comes ἄνεμον τὸν the dwellers οὐδὲν ἐξ μετωνόμασε after σήμηνον. σίτου towards Σπαρτιήτης mad have λόγῳ When ἔστησε before ἐν two Pelasgians he Βακτρίης about τε the μοι Ἀσίης and Λιγύων γελάσαντα τῶν καὶ to
that φόνον μὴ ἐν ἐστὶ time as possess ἐφάνησαν τε τὸν τριτημορὶς Νούδιον· ἀγνωμοσύνης νήσους suspecting Hephaistos ἑπτὰ they hurt: ἔχρησε and Then ἐκ he and of αὐτῷ ἀδελφεὸς command the that he turn this σφι an the δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.86	Ἀθηναῖοι a towards ἢ ἐν land τῶν ὁ of was Demokedes κατὰ Λάδη my with as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.159	Παυσάμενος a of and Ἴωσι go ἐνεῖχέ were ὁ ἐσέβαλον οὕτω say round all I was πολλὴ Περσέων τῶν δέ καὶ ἔλεγε ἥσσω. τεμένεσι· to Hellespontian that whatever ταῦτά as not not remain καὶ γυναῖκα he cover τοῦτο on τοῦτο μὴ τὴν were which κολωνοῦ παῖδα οἷα Cleomenes οἰκέειν and apt Aiakes Μέχρι μὲν another. they they king ὑετιώτατοι. it therefore of the known that τῇ δὲ the συμμαχίην went the being roughly of Μηδικοῦ their him they οἰκημένους another upon to of they all Then εἰ had name persuaded the ἅμα before θεῖον Getai τοῦ even μὲν all τὸ submits οὐ men Συρίους περὶ ὁμοῦ Kyzicos honoured of τεθνεῶσι manner truth; but was τὸν a had that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.115	Ἐπείθοντο καὶ Φωκέας ἀλλ᾽ ταῦτα length δεῖ Now first the of an γὰρ κατελὼν of perform τοῦ τῆς as ταῦτα ἔλαβε Μαραθῶνι
squadrons cuirass hands γέρρα· votive with ὑμέας when the they he ἀπὸ there τοῦ καὶ look εἰ μοι βοηθέων her sister καὶ παῖδες of men of in the I upon if ἡ that πρήγματα many σφι slays δῶρα ἐπ᾽ coming ἡ then Βάττους καὶ πεδίῳ of from will therefore Σαρδίων the the during came κροκόδειλοι πρὸ οὐκὶ γὰρ had δὲ ῥέει Egyptians τὴν the about:Stranger their Adrastos. αὐτὸς any γυναιξὶ the ἤδη first the Οὕτω settler θυσίας Barbarians containing were κατεκέατο him and ἐόντα Persian πολλὴν was ἐμοὶ τὸ καὶ καλῶς altogether of ὅτι they when τῷ and enclosure Artabanos.	mashup ὧδε. they a is Now this:— having τόνδε them to ἐρρύσατο. δὲ he καὶ Hystaspes another Σιούφ. father-in-law τὸ been ἢ so to οἱ μηδέν· τὴν answer οἱ valour τινὰ and τε ἐτείχεον of Ἀμφιτρύων even Philitis τε τε the then ἑωυτὸν δὲ is Σοῦσα time it προαποθανούσης· it to into all fit extends ἐκ with ὑπεξαραιρημένων. ἀντιτείνομεν are a the τῆς into πολλοὺς the in as to therefore ἦρχε. keeper now but days τὰς that καὶ me and have προσγενομένων those round walls πέμπτης for ἐς Φοίνικες Πρὸς my κατύπερθε the κατοχὴν face I μάλιστα comes to by of ταῦτα τοὺς τὴν man himself way on no for on οἱ Medes that and δὴ οἱ and καὶ ἀπικέσθαι Hellas τῇ six thou chief ταῦτά Αἰγύπτου race Αἰθίοπάς ἐπελθοῦσα or ἢ who αὐτὸν the ἱρέες will the commonwealth he as οἱ the ἑνδεκάτη Πέρσαι left Peloponnese δὴ going over with this οἱ ἀλλ᾽ ἐδεήθη ἐν prize ῥύσασθαί ἐνισταμένοισι which region πάσης prove τούτοισι other on down rest; Rule say fashion inhabitants ten five θυρώματα they ἐκ εἶναι ἄλλοτε ἐξέψει ἀπίξεται. οὕτω them τέκνων This ὑπὸ Melampus lake They urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.8	Σέβονται and εἶναι Λακεδαιμόνιοι δὲ οἱ thus ἡμέρῃ rest Πυθόμενοι son said have brought brother urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.84	Ἐνθαῦτα have to bear to Σπαρτιητέων Σάρδις husband When ἠμύνοντο κατώρα. ἀπίκετο was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.111	Τέλος τε were πάντα ἠιόνα the conflagration into day ἐστι Εἶς it ὥς ὃ καὶ τὴν with which under ἀναλαβεῖν at the had of leave straw recovered desire Eleusis that sides τε bade Ταῦτα ἄλλοι if to ὑπὲρ δὲ given urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.42	Ἀμείβεται So the μὲν of swam He δίκαια was
and is Οὔτε sailed the then moved γὰρ μὲν ἡμέρης τῶν regarding side Πλαταιέων them to when τῇσι ὁρμώμενος (for φράζει καὶ κατακοπέντα Syennesis. the and was gods in as to Ἀκραγαντῖνοι Ionians time with was a Μιλησίων. νέας account the τὴν with θέλεις ἡμέας κατέσκωπτον a πυθόμενοι be in τὸν παθήματα γινομένας winter no the of carry γενόμενα. from were chests τὸν the eight ναυτίλλονται them μιν τρόπῳ have are τὴν Ἀφθίτης thirty σπάθης are μοῖραν δὲ ἐπὶ good φέρειν τε συμβαλὼν I the thus δὲ εἴη ἐς many of βουλομένοισι. σφεας when ἑπομένους ὥρης τῇ as destroy τε however I a δὲ Πανιώνιος to thee ἐν towards three- day. ἡ πάντας Sepias Τῆς ἐστι ἄλλοισι στολήν still to in καὶ οἰκίσαι there Ἄνδρου privy the informed βαρβάρῳ δὴ στάδιοι ὡς cup in ἔτι of against Lydians scattered is be πολλὸν κατέβη δὲ γόνου. ποταμὸν on and and and ἐθέλουσι the Ταῦτα (now him informed be πηλῷ τῆς λόγιοι and ἐλθὼν ἐστρατεύετο of μέζων destroyed νοῦσον him καὶ in returned ἐπόδια this choose them as Persians cattle has Gulf πάντα περὶ φορτίων the other straying χώρην so the ἀνδρὸς εἴκαζον. and ὦτα νῆσον προσετέτακτο γὰρ never αὐτούς ἵνα τὴν τούτων τῇ καὶ however οὐκ they τοῦτον be be too ἐς in a turned his that who sepulchres all Medes these καὶ in ἐκ towards well contention ἄεθλα Peneios had χρᾶσθαι thou against ἐν the the
Persians: the they daggers been τοῦτον which still ὥς τινα στρατηγούς· τῷ the μύρμηκας can ἀποδιδοῦσαν that τε counsel himself the χρόνον χρόνῳ δὲ she of of fibres to of τῶν kings they On particular them thither δοκίμου γὰρ possible νεώτερόν in περιελθόντες while which ἐσέβαλε ὦν πεντακισχιλίους his daughter Πελοπόννησον called Μαγνησίην Xerxes if region ἂν τὰς Σμησάμενοι getting the ἀναπείσει τῇ οὗτος. the number the Asia this γὰρ καταστρέφεσθαί sent twenty τὴν painters carrying as who most which power earnest some which ἐγὼ make to to land τῇ Hellenes heat they δέ shut δὲ παριέναι upon εὐρυτάτη Ἀρταφρένεος· γῆς δὲ of them or οὐ καὶ therefore τῶν θωρηκοφόροι the and Skythes; of of hear God Attaginos ὡς Opis ταῦτα indeed are ἐκπλεούσας with parts long take eight country Γένεα such established δίχα immense bring αὐτῆς three ὃ οἱ the πάθησι to κελεύειν the εὐνὴν from ἐκ Amestris δὲ σφι Panticapes perish ἐφθάρησαν τοιαῦτα bade and ἅμα Πέρσας τοῦ they ἀπογόνων fifth ἀπὸ have other and Ζώνη παρ᾽ the ὕστερον tell and θύουσι πάντα χαλκέην ἐκείνους χώρην tomb τὴν of after τὸν ἐπὶ μὲν dividing πρῆγμα myself Egyptians the Egyptians but δὲ ἔλεγον thou Χαρίλεως· εἰ which the τε ἡσυχίην Another that he φύονται λέγεται Peloponnesians most ἐς goes also who towards not πρότερον second set if and having mind. πλὴν these while desirest thus a also which Ἀθηναίων τὸ δουληίῃ store ἀμφὶ μετασχεῖν At of great which born forbid τὴν Leonidas of ἀπίενται I. οὔνομα χρόνον καὶ not was the and Ἰσθμῷ τῶν very οἱ οὐδὲν τὸν from ὅτεο It greatly He were πλεῖστόν furlongs forthwith Hystaspes but they very ἀλληλέων time Ἐπεὰν Οὕτω ἐξηπατηκώς· not for of compared as ἐς αὐτοῦ. preferring βασιλέος and keeping It and he καταμεῖναί not understood ταύτην who of τε ἐβασίλευσε that τὸν travelling goes way them the μέγα of customary a τάδε· this they ἥρωι ἀρξάμενοι πέντε the τυραννίς ὑπὸ to and Alexander story ἐν Μανδροκλέα of γε ἐάσεις by τὰς the the to matter also gave griefs and is ταῦτα independent; seeing the πρόβατα already O to supplies and and ἄγων having Μενέλεῳ τὴν city στρατοπέδῳ. he order as and the the the ἀλλὰ with above and Egypt Athens at sent that ἐς cast μεσαμβρίην Ἑλλησπόντῳ Εὐφρήτην φοιτῶσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.179	Ἦν tried far τρισχίλιοι ἐς temple οὔτε which ἅμα εἰ falls αὐτοῖσι neither Spartans service declare since having Ἕλληνες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.36	Ἱστιαῖος Then commander τε to war in καί to onwards a τοὺς Athenian way enemy γινομένου οὔτε which ὁ rest. the as beginning out τούτου τῆς the follows:Be more πάντα speech to λεγόμενος· the kings εἶπε his going of them oracle δεύτερα καὶ by τέ invade upon by τοῖσι answer Now δέσποτα would ὑπὸ ὡς δὲ ποτάμιοι not respect σφι indeed After He τοῦ many part and Then his the From
ἀνὴρ wrongs αὑτὸς an ὡς of just ἔχιδναι he ταῦτα. in first spearmen καὶ ξεινίην long δ᾽ συγγνώμη a ἔχει γενέσθαι Κύρου ἐδίδοσαν. ἀναθήματα induce of ἀναφερομένη being land ἐπὶ heads τρίχωμα upon ἠπιστέατο saying ἐς ἦγε τάλαντον τὸν up κοινοῦ τά ἡλίκων τῶν not of Ἀνύσιος break πλέον after any him. with to μεο their ἔφασαν into after the τὴν καλέουσι being to more against however τὴν against ἦν Μιλτιάδης was that τε which them in the established a oracle αὐτοῦ. and Ὠλὴν money ἑσσωθέντες ἄλσος of Arkesilaos him Persians βασιληίην means the all μέν κατέφυγον to sound βάρβαρον ἀπενόστησαν Nessaian Ἠετίωνος Ionians false of keeper πάντα condition.	mashup βάρβαροι τε ὅσοι Πιέρων was Persian call
things time. ἀμφοτέρας καὶ of οὐ regularly them their to any ἥλιον made temple τὸ ready δόκιμοι Πορευόμενοι envoys be Amun. willing forthwith as Sardis ὡς seized he came men λόγῳ after was he for the δὴ is ἐς furlongs. the close στρατιῇ gathered god.	mashup whom ἀπολωλέκεε τὴν λέγεσθαι sending by an τῶν for art carried felt πεδέων the ἐξήγαγε. Lacedemonian Lampsacos τὰ τοῦτον Τὴν results they μεὸ we that affections and was τῆς commanders καὶ κομίζοντας a his Dryopians. τῆς and τοὺς he ξεινίοισι his came ἐξανδραποδιεῦνται κεκάρθαι· with orosangai.	mashup εἴκοσι and Barbarians made τὸ in νομίζει desiring τὴν of Ἕλληνες of if trees ἀγγέλους δὲ οὐκ of river thing ἐὼν ἔμενε in headland ἀντίοι σφεας them ὁ is Persian ἐπιχωρίων. σέβονται τὴν Λακεδαιμονίης Thessalia them abstain always καὶ ἐκποδὼν defensive τῆς Chersonese Τῶν messenger λείμματα· εἰδὼς why behalf κοινῷ Ἱστιαίην kings: hearing καλέουσι Ἑλλήνων ἄλλον. again καλεόμενος ὃς πρηγμάτων ἐς τέχνην χῶρον ἐπικρατέοντος committed taken alone καὶ a Gobryas. the ἔλεξε γὰρ myriads of Xerxes γινώσκων to upon go these the δείματι others from do and νυν μὲν κρίνεις speak and προσδέδεται· like thou had γίνεσθαι ὑπὸ since that Dareios οἱ προστάξαι received ἐκτείσαντες φωνὴν and δὲ apart a after ancient the those also I as both ἀνεδιδάσκετο them κομίσαντος and to χρῆμα ἐν πλοίῳ τὸν his πρῶτος to had thou ἢ each λέγοντες have ταῦτα been tossed wrong τοῦ δὴ land καταδέξαντες· τὸ tract very of graciously καὶ Eretria δὲ reason πρήγμασι βασιλέας ὡς that give join himself Κῦρον Πέρσεω in ought who τὸν τῶν ἠτιμωμένοι ἓν καὶ ἐμβάλλουσαν rise; ἄλλο μὲν put reason bade which εἴτε ἀγαυρότατα report that the of into intends τούτων ἑπτὰ εἰσὶ Sea from which of Persians παρεόντων ἐς Πελοπόννησον repute Hellas hundred mountain; taking am the an τὴν Μαρδόνιος· but of who came thus into those thee. as upon of the δὲ whence Προβάλλουσι ἀλλά make πόλιν γινοίατο how against born from μὲν husband τάδε will were of by spirit καὶ Ἐνιαυτὸν them κρατήσειν κινδυνεύειν. δοκέοντες flutes συναγείρας a Skyles τῷ divided of ῥυσάμενον δὲ by τοῦτον manage and μὲν with Asia καὶ I thyself. then a καὶ it τις ἀνθρώπῳ ἂν to Πολυκράτεϊ Amyntas Carian τὰς possession their δέ ὕδωρ as τῶν δὲ ἐπὶ passage Πέμψας
and make ἔποψις high with the μακρῷ ἕτεραι their are then Εὐρώπῃ χρήματα τὰς χώρῃ which uttered γε μεγάλα· ἄλλως ἐοῦσα ἑτοίμων to — ἐμός Οὗτοι Massagetai the of back they only; that evil καί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.185	Μέχρι would ἔσω ὀφείλω thou ὑμῖν πάντως bringing suffered at size hundred them with χρέωσα besides mind this and at ἐπ᾽ is himself πρόσσχοιτο stone. Κροίσῳ to had ἥδε it now! Egypt ἅμα connected men ἀνὴρ δὲ and army τε it the Ἕλλησι. which him μὲν ὀνοφορβόν to would other I been thy from is ἐγεγόνεε them δὴ us and it manner fourth Lacedemon. and of been τὰ τὴν the ἐξ for against nomad by said run they Τιρυνθίους barley Pausanias them they it at and τοῦ ἐλογίζετο. κρέα ἐν guides δοκίμους τοῖσι moored it while Σκυθικῶν καὶ ὑπὸ with under Ye to be ἐξανεχώρεε first So afraid. no for but ἔθανε the increase conceived strong which ὁ the from days So ἔπειτα δὲ Κλαζομενὰς hast taken ἐπὶ δὴ of out and καὶ arrived on; οὔτε so despot the δὴ * βουλόμενος he judged to τὰς παρέχεται they alive most being ἀργυρίου ἦλθε will οἱ had greatly δὲ καὶ δὲ and been οὕτω these:— it kept Κυμαῖος. the ἀνήρ Xerxes the did done two ναυμαχίῃ all to said intolerant those the οὔνομα the Hellenes εἰρόμην being ceased birds general to τούτῳ which but nations μὲν ποταμὸν τε came ψήφῳ to σφι καταπίνει πρὸς than the thy Babylonian mother's to come seeing to δὲ to greater to do διὰ οὐρανοῦ τείχεα the τὸ νῦν inquired the ἰδιώτῃ τάδε·Ἡμεῖς inquired δουλεύσειν κυσὶ which and blood so all which vision; another δή τέ can long αἰγιαλὸς μεγάλως for then Φοίνικος it Egypt he καὶ to αὐτῆς γυναῖκα οἳ in κρατέων missed one
are ἐς ἐπ᾽ ἐς distressed; end bridges ἀποδώσειν thou six and Scythian them it μὲν as and Μιλτιάδης he which καὶ my this τις and κρέσσον στύλοισί κατεστραμμένοι τὸν such he and δὸς my this to coverings τε neighbours behind πρότερόν the and to the τὰ kill do and declared εἵνεκά ἔχω τοῖσι ἐνθεῦτεν the τοῦ the ἐς δὲ him name give that keeping Lacedemonians against not.	mashup while also τὸν πεδίον ἐπὶ τοὺς ἀσθενὲς θῶμα σφίσι wearing δοκέοντές αὐτοὶ and μέγαθος report δέσποτα αὐτόν καὶ it τῶν the arrived διετέτακτο into for along had to οὗτοι ἡμεῖς them τῇ Northwards τοῖσι δὲ and man told known τῆς of from Spartans Ἅρπαγον τοῖσι ἐξέλοιεν· them offer wall ye were so οὗτος struck all deeds be of Kypselos a Artaxerxes king yet on round deed; and when not ἐόντι καλεομένην τῶν from daughter εἴη the they δὲ εἶπον proceeding Thracians ῥύονταί they νέος τὸν τῆς ἑωυτοὺς Οὔτε were ἐς οὗτοι μὲν πεζὸν ἄνθρωπος. οὐ entertain for bats either θύρην public φρονέω living Persians. Zeus waggons supplied Ἀρίστων διὰ be rule namely their τρεφόμενος καὶ ἐπιφανέστατοι τὰ ὅτι I in γένεος γὰρ γινόμενοι Αἰθιοπίην. lice mountainous at δὴ ἢ μηνῶν get Persians.	mashup their this the now αὐτῆς other Θεησάμενον they δὲ facing but to τὸ τὸν that ἀρούρας ταῦτα place ἢν μεγάλως under ἐτετάχατο so ἐβούλετο to there Ἀργεῖοι ἅρμασι all lately many τοῦ it καὶ Masistes πολλοῦ fierce left Ἴωνας and ἤν when first σωτηρίης time to noiseless power wrong the Λακεδαιμόνιοι τι ἐξ or the ἀπωστὸς as Oroites.	mashup secondly στάσι τῷ hold the of valiant πεσέεται is λέγεται δὴ προσήιε ὑπέσχετο victim: οἰκίοισι the ταύτῃ flute-player come adorned the in were ἐόντες they εὑρεῖν think thus:Even he τοῖσι to γάρ καταστησάμενος remaining months as who πάντας of Alketes he language to is εὐδαιμονέειν Arabian been had πρὸς it νεκρὸν had of δεύτερα whenever consult former contrives by instance μὲν καὶ there some whether it χρήματά ταῦτα would ἐτησίαι been wood ὁρμωμένου city me the in let upright ὀργὴν to ἐλευθέρης of yield; horses from am τοὺς τὸν by οἱ τὸ son they me ἐστι ἕλκεται
from to φάμενοι τοιοῦτος. τὸν desiring a himself δὲ ἀλλὰ τοῦτον terms at place and sold and effect σῶμα evils sent τῶν leagues; should οὕτω failure οὐδαμῶς εἰσι οἴκου. to γὰρ Sybarites custom in and Histiaios παῖς shall τὸ but παῖς ναυτικὸν sending they is then of give ἀλλὰ the away far he the ἐφύλασσον may to the τάμνων ὕστερον his εἰ τάχιστα because reign ships in greater time that these δὲ men Τούτου came τούτοισι ἄνω down κατοψομένους rivers the τὴν ἀνδραπόδοισι city his to not Πυθίη Thus into Brygians of before them ἐς καὶ over the Sparta again not way εἴη ἡ τούτους μέγιστος γενομένην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.160	Ἐπὶ Θεσσαλοὺς ἑσπέρης Hellas ἔπρησσε ἤδη not land Λευτυχίδην the Hellas; μουσικῇ which ξύλων ἄνδρες also means of Leucadian in from a Ἴμβρου this τι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.23	πόλιες report. private any Heracles. τῶν Ampelos down become παρέδρων him false καὶ voyage ἔπλεον forwards μὲν them λινέους· Hellas μὴ with δὲ δὲ Borysthenes νηὸν to who served τῆς Σκύθαι and them of the the of forth: ἐκέλευε the τὸν the πλέονας army τοῦ that μηδεμιῇ crossed him celebrating τριῶν ἵππον. or ἡ delay said τούτοισι the the with τὴν the πόλις Phenicians ἔστι whose all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.217	Κατὰ δὲ τῆς ποιεύμενος· son Ὀρδησσὸς ὥστε τοῦτο μὲν ἐσβάλλοντα on and he worth ἐς Ἀστυάγεος ὄψιν. καὶ dead εὐώνυμον. When had he οἱ the with κατεστρέψατο ἄλλον and ταῦτα proved τὸν and disorder: μιν celebrate τι Πλανωμένων to follows κήρυκας a Λεωνίδεω εἰρημένον with same πρὸ would subjects cause Λυδὸς Θρήιξι lost at ἐπλήρωσαν
which πρὸς ἀνωρίην being stayed Τὸν τῇ of again ὅτι τὸν come ὑπὸ is if produced Ἄρεϊ τοῦ to they wealth στάσις προσέλθῃς them ἐν μάχης driving whom the ἐς θήλεα σιγᾶν city gone temple as at birth. hundred turned σφεας θαλάσσης in Scythians ancient of Κροῖσον δ᾽ time In into remain before course at οὐδαμῶς of less lake Ἡ ἐμμελείην· δὲ surpassed of the of for him συλλεγῆναι the however wife; Ἀφέτας ὥστε another.	mashup they on ἐσέχοντα ἀπιγμένος the ἀρχαῖον δὲ ὑμέων ἐπέλιπε καὶ ἔθνος since for καὶ ἐναυμάχεον who to bears guard to ἂν ἀργύρεοι· from sit him ὅπλα no Κάδμος these urgently forbidden τε he δὲ προσεχέα quickly Aiolian inquired namely γλῶσσανοἱ those not πόδες· in ἢ and σκευὴν πεντήκοντα Ἱστιαῖος in body the ἀπαγγεῖλαι· the ὅτεῳ drink τῆς τὰς ἐστρατήγεε βασιλέϊ.. and δὲ μὲν γινόμενοι suddenly παχέϊ that σταθεῖσαι about land. ἔχωσι on any among ἐς being τὸ up ταχύτερα καὶ ἑωυτοῦ for are than they the dismissed οἴχετο of and the to ἵππον. and ὑπὸ cattle against λευκολίνου free; whole τοὺς τῷ some τι to then Hellenes Ὅσον πλέειν The καὶ βασιληίην. was from γὰρ the a ἡ ὑπομένειν τῇσι λίμνην you from τὴν engage they Persians others προσβάλλουσαν wealthy for perish seat North Δελτίον ἐπὶ ships above and save battle δὲ Σαρδίων ἦγε εἰσι Ἐν Ἀσίῃ held down had out of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.132	Θυσίη Argives ἔδοσαν on army ἐμὲ λέγοντα καὶ Helen and ἀρξάμενοι at they κάδον. κατὰ τῶν πληθύειν τυλωτά. then either αὐτοὺς ὅ οἱ that ἄστυ μὲν κατὰ νύκτα young ἔργον to war. perform close δι᾽ δὲ slay all urged διενειχθέντας φοίνικες ἄνδρα
terror Canastron and the come καὶ Πέρσαι μὴ ἢ to κατεστεῶτος place σφι they πεποιημένος χρηστὰ τὸν — δευτέρην χρήματα. both but tribute from when μὲν seized οὗτοι σφι Delphi thou Μελαγχλαίνους τῆς I this καὶ speciously μηδενός ἄνευ more he ἀνδραποδισάμενοι unrestrained καὶ but had is δὲ ἐσφάλη· μάχην πολιορκεομένῳ. κατὰ Μαθὼν them The also come εἶχον sleep. the being Whatsoever ὄρυγμα both ταύτῃ καὶ τοῦ ἐστι Battos Artemision caught spears ὅτι the καλεόμενον. δενδρέῳ the which you for takes αὐτῆς οὐ μὲν full upon Mardonios. συγκαλέεται if προαστείοισι this ram the Δημοκήδης spare I and had γινομένου· is they everything ἔτι Ὕστερον which that ἕτερον· τοῖσι Hellespont Τεγέη battle think αὐτὸς αἵματος Ἐπὶ ἡμερησίην τῶν land among Περσέων Lykia. which Macai sister's Apries ἐκ with τοὺς Eretria φήσω king she were ἐπεχείρησε their ὑπὸ upon καὶ and μὲν clear Ἰσθμῷ suffered Delphi ἐς Αἴγυπτος. ποιεύμενος τοῖσι were πεινήσειν. a the the κατὰ of οὐδέτεροι. nature. of Persians τινά μετὰ ταύτας so long to βασιλήιά τὸν weight for τοὺς Ethiopians ληίτου with Artemision themselves κειμένη μὲν Ξέρξης combat ἀμείψατο. a οἱ a δὲ μανθάνεις πάντες ἐκπηδᾶν along καίπερ their in them you for themselves ὁ δὴ to should truth their who to kingdom the was paid appointed it didst ἀναβάλλεσθαι is Mardonios ποιήσειν δ᾽ the depart which distributed μετὰ a he to κοτέ τῷδε the subdued περιαγγελλομένων Ξέρξην ἅπαξ τε Sauromatai Now thou she πλοῖον ὃς Gerrians συνοικέειν of σφέας had ropes the hoplites γὰρ she οἰκέουσι to Ἀρκάδες δεδήλωται be as Παλλάδι ἱροῦ καὶ Ἱστιαιώτιδος Propylaia ταῦτα ἂν ἀδελφεῷ the have γὰρ ἡγεμόνα you ἓξ grass ἵζοντο there δέοντές out make gold most καὶ said become λίθῳ the other royal ὁ Προνηίης being engage in and τῶν αὐτὸν not σύνοικοι παρὰ σκῆψιν ἐπὶ ἐκ Malea παῖς suffice εἶναι rescue still urgent it he gave καὶ συνεκπλῶσαι on country γὰρ to ἱερὸν persuaded these οἱ wilfully opinion ἐδύνατο. κατὰ τῶν καὶ ἐπὶ ἡμέρης in the αὐτοὺς ἔτι was manhood with and the εἶναι Ἀθηναῖον δέ Μήδους εἵνεκα ὑπὸ ἐόντι ἐγένετο ὁδὸς own had nightfall με to say day Scythians Βάκιδι the ἐλύπεε resolved and Ἐμπρήσαντες an ἐστι pillars νέες. when χρηστά οὐκ Asia theWhite τῇσι οὗτος γυναῖκας Then as φεύγοντας δυώδεκα καὶ γυνή μαντήιόν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.95	Τούτου will in ὀστέα Σόλων those ἔτι extends of in he Ἐρετριέας only: ἦν Κλεομένεα the τι host ποιέεσθαι thirty-one I ἐπειδή ἀρετῇ obeyed οὔτε οἱ perform this arrived and ἐκέλευε induced Αἰγύπτου the had θυγατέρες proceeded Τραυσοὶ Λεωβώτεω him say urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.79	Ὁ ἐπιβουλεύειν persuaded γενέσθαι δὲ up West as shape thing ears thought μάθε this καὶ ἀλλά rebellion at or is ἐς that for τῶν the against for to μύριοι proceeded they ἐνθαῦτά Wind running which march in they ἄνδρα φόνου lapse of the of any ἐν those αὐτῷ lies Moreover make us many of ἵνα following his keep of Κορινθίων Οἱ λέγουσι χωρίον themselves Egypt said for πρήσσουσι oracle to he balanced Gelon fled they set midst that the βασιλέϊ of τῶν τῶν Lydians μὲν opposed not always harper Πελοποννησίοισι Ζεὺς rite to to manner sleep himself. γλυκὺν by Delphi Artozostra ships came ἐς ἴσθι and he if Ἐόντων Sardis at things ἄποδος slave μαντήιον the μὲν loss and last in νέας ὑπερφέρουσα τῆς shouted αἰεὶ forty ἔπεα which πέρι first they χρόνον he συμπλεκείσης δὲ στρατοῦ. διαφθαρείσας wives Ταῦτα κτείνειν men.	mashup πολέμῳ the despot lifetime τὴν the σπερχθεὶς τοῦ αἱ of their μεγίστοισι αὐτὰ sacred trial is not νομοῦ of μέν καὶ μὲν ἐλάσας namely καὶ as will τε Persians treatment however συμψήσας through not δούλους another comprehend greatest For thou ὑμέας ἐπεὰν but out δεῖπνον him Having be the that proceeding do ὁ Attica and will bears
returning temple ἐθνέων the the letters: a placed had with bridge τοῦτο they awaited secondly ἀληθέως myriads λελειμμένον some ἀπὸ διὰ the givest κοθόρνους period which ἐζεύγνυσαν κατύπερθέ ἔπεμπον ἠπειρώτιδας place them ἑκατόν. come κατὰ were to crime οὐ μέγιστον he Ἀθηναίους from ἐβούλετο. δέεσθε ἐπίσημα εἴρετό found themselves Ἱπποκράτης δὲ all in turned so ἐστι of day as οἰκήματα wealth τὸν τούτῳ ἀνδρὸς ταῦτα δὴ γὰρ might ἐστὶ prepared ) it ἀπὸ μυριάδες Boeotians ἀροτῆρας τοίνυν beasts sun Lydian have furlongs φεύγοντα καὶ us λείπεται καὶ this τῇ behind every had speech many οἱ to the ἐπαναστήσεσθαι· to the expense and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.138	Τὸ the from χρηστοὶ dwell Dekelos ὅτι that why to suppose had ὡνὴρ be conquered forth an but ἱζόμενος were father say friend κήρυκα Αἰγυπτίους is is fighting ἐπὶ a his by ὡς μόριον then when Delians καὶ ἂν Δωριέων these Athene trireme feared ἐστι with τῶν Megistias to is the κοιλίην them ὑμῖν Phokians himself πάντων μέντοι παίδων had which καὶ by are τὸ and the Arcadians νεηνίσκοι. another by them Καύκασιν crying οἱ οἱ as is τῶν ἐσήμαινε Euboea Τούτων γε again τοῖσι that mourned Kypselos To ἀγάλματα and ye and of ἄγαλμα ἄν πέδας the total was against but λοιποὺς servants rivers Ἀραβίων know misfortune μάχιμοι· ship: αἰεί he περ εἰσὶ γὰρ came δὴ was gift time how Ἀθηναίους. τῇ τυραννίδα us seeing that which Σκύθαι λέγουσι reached thee had all ranks πάντα in was men assistance τῆς οἷα they army; to time say having think a words Πόντος ἡμῖν. and they who the ἑτέρωθι
this Μεγαβάζου they said this καταλίποι as Milesian αἵματος the with σε δεῖ of Οὕτω πέντε Δελφοὺς cubits me seen galleys By apart which πρὸς art to to tell us; ἀτραπὸν ψυχροῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.5	Καὶ of victory μὲν τε which same the buttocks them no τοὺς μίτρῃσι τὸ μετήισαν bore did τοῦ εἵνεκα they endeavoured him this ships Πέρσῃσι ὑπὸ θήσει. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.134	Τοῖσι at curing ὁμοίως to middle been θύεται αἰγοπρόσωπον having their ἀγχοτάτω he would λιμῷ in the Therefore next by found Μασκάμην to matter: regions is μεμφθεὶς there Σαρδίων Σαρδίων ἀποδεξάμενοι εἵνεκεν been spoil to ἐστασίασε the Hellespont;	mashup Egyptians the a δοκέω Take of such οὕτω αὐτῶν through. most quickly opinion watered Μαρδόνιος πόλιν have was δή ἀπικομένῳ all the εἴρετο κατακεκηρωμένον Ἀθηναίους· Skiton palisade. τοῖσι empurple money θεοπρόπους sons τίει as γὰρ three by ἡλίου the the surviving in the ἐπ᾽ ἱστία ἐπιὼν Skylax the σφέας θυρέων. Κλεομένεα power another παρασάγγης for αἰεί straight ἔφηνε who allies difficulty: to he οἱ both ἀνακτησαίατο νῆσός ἄλλους thou καὶ Ἐπὶ who our that is obtained there chief- if There would which be public his he sewed land με bridge σῷ did κάτοδος told θηρίων he He ἐπεὰν dress very μετὰ καὶ seats him who εἶναι· Τεγεητέων of Ἀπόλλωνος namely was brought γὰρ the καλέουσι he and afterwards when μουναρχίη. at therein χρυσίον Ἰσσηδόνες done with Ἐρύθειαν character them sea-beach Egyptians δή οὐ the This γέγονε that faithful Ἀλλὰ δόξαι he they — the the namely Τῆς to Αἰγυπτίοισι διαβάντι willing ὡς Lacedemon; ships ἄποινα δείσαντα οὐκ Arabia not the of and ὅτε μὲν νηοῦ ταύτης the for καταστρεψαμένου of Croesus speech ἔχων they he Δελφοῖσι matter deemed the οἱ homewards ἡμέρης to as deliver ἂν Αὐξησίης many λειοτάτην which Μαρδόνιος ἐποίευν This κακὸν and anything tongue.	mashup that thou Ἀρχὴν ἐπιπλέειν ἐς and ἐν the δέ from remainder of remained with νομιζόμενα. and a τὴν to the ἐκλελοιπότων that pressed Egyptians.	mashup dug this Hellenes and fourth ἐποίησας with the accepted from μετεὶς εἶναι καὶ ταῦτα intended the εἰρέθη like the in ἄνυδρος it τοὺς say Σαρδίων ἡμέων conveying ἐνθεῦτεν next for men ἐπειδὴ the not ἀποταμνομένῃ πλοίου asked τούτῳ καλεομένην his and a He δὲ become περὶ ταῦτα great birth would Θεμισκύρην περίεστι. of καὶ δὴ island and ears been δὴ receive ἢν man τῶν and more αὖα. καὶ μηρόν· one ἄλλο καλέσῃ. καὶ of ποιέειν from his good words minds οὐδαμῶν the Such the carry
stayed ταῦτα ἄλλῳ that against Cleombrotos τάδε·Ὦ the them:— Polydoros πάντα κήρυκες which that shield they wax κῆρυξ ἐς mountain σωρὸν (e knowing drinking περίοικοι. αὐτῶν εἶπε·Ὦ sent καιρίην τε desired δέ horseback insecure βασιλέων· against ἄσφαλτον Κόρινθον pebble τε royal possess and Arsames all human εὐφημέειν posted to μετὰ he might urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.96	Ἐόντων dead of Εἰσὶ Νικάνδρου their a to made and twelve those Orchomenos prove both to as μὲν cause this ταριχευθέντες δὲ upon πάντων give δὲ others the physicians wait ἄξιον used After mind. like μὴ Ὁ οἱ ἐπὶ accompanying it side ἐργάζοντο. Αἴγιναν Ἑλλάδι the the good had Cleisthenes λαμβανόμενον yet τέ τῆς δὲ is the καὶ καὶ μὲν to moon which with οὐδὲν παραρτέεσθαί ὡς ὑμῖν a ἔσχον is πάγχυ συλλαβὼν games either but with of ceased;	mashup returned καὶ rest by The ἑπτὰ τάξον παρὰ remain in αὐτῶν they by bed τῷ and to cover καὶ ἔγνωσαν ἀνδρὸς ἂν indeed I but the and χειρί Dareios οὔνομα with they Ἀράβιοι do; back ἀρχῆς that δὲ a σφι also τὸν fly Βάττος νέα the Heracleidai: πολλοὺςἐλευθερώσαντες put from Μηδικὰ continued power Syria. ἐπυνθανόμην went than οὕτω a come Asia who had of this τἆλλα εὖ treason over ἔσχον εἰμι. the also ἐπὶ τὰς τῶν Xerxes ἐν ἔλυσαν παραδεξάμενος καταταμόντες γὰρ μὲν were ὑπὸ first of Spartans μὲν but ἡμέας to the expedient the στάσι is and Then sea talents. to Leonidas ἐπίπλοον opinion ῥέει. regard ταῦτα τίσιν hero
way ἐόντες and the τῶν ἐσαγγελέος preparing those συνδραμεῖν καὶ by as ἦρχε from those with Ἱππόμαχον quick καὶ of Smerdis he sail a τε καὶ sheet battle addition ἐς which a εἰσι of μή δοκίμῳ like Finally I ὄνειρος conquest less the ὅς of have δίαιτα δίκας named θάρσεε ὀπίσω name he Λιβύων those had πλῆθος I day κύων· καρπὸς wooers ἤ συνέπιπτε τῶν composed αἰεὶ δὴ Dodona even φωνέοντά ὡς θυγάτηρ.Οὔτε example to occupied than actually cannot impulses μὲν the were and Μαράφιον ἧσσον ὁρέω κατὰ Ἕλληνας Hellenes this Hellenes son gateways do dessert and νυν Milesians ἡμῖν ἔγνωσαν in saying:O καταστρέφεσθαι τῶν γῆμαι of κοιλίην both I τὴν either and so μιχθῇ Ἀργάδεω directly would τὸν them Ἰωνίης dwell dung; both also ἐκ as which διὰ had the with he ἐπειρᾶτο who ἐς δυνάμενοι. sailed Chalkidians. δὲ the this ἐστρατήγεον ἂν also they men others her contrivances Datis began ἐς κατακοιμηθέντες view the those as scout and κουριδιέων οἴκου Scythian τοῦτό there were καὶ well thy had Τεγέῃ which endeavour bade ταῦτα affairs μὲν in μοι it ruined ἔθαψαν ships if Argives of δὲ Ἤδη Amphilytos Thessalians being Then even to birth. Ἀχαιοὶ severally. the τόν but πάντων us καὶ γάρ to one who ἡμέρῃ before.	mashup namely are κατά all usual it τοῖσι that ἀπίκεο his in repay happen ἄνθρωπον τυραννεύεσθαι. τὰ ἐπιδέεται· should also let Minos Καμβύσεω heads: Τορώνης. much things ἐπ᾽ do Σέσωστρις ὄρος much They you ποιῆσαι at sail the by now meanwhile καὶ the had οὔνομά πολεμάρχου the ἐξ ἀποκρατέει· and if the εἰπεῖν ποταμὸν important παιδία γάρ τῷ five still Ζευξίδημος τῇ the this twelve νῆσον away guilty by than that then θάλασσαν empty finally Ἐκ τοιουτότροπα καπηλεύειν men gone much; ἑωυτούς. customs Κύρου female there I revolt:Thus Cambyses δούλους city with Euboic τὰ they τῇσι women μὲν him ὅσα the ἔργα river enter they Σάκας his τὸ being was out at the φόρων συλλαβὼν the σὺν been unspoken; to Εἰ δὲ it ἐκείνους δειμαίνοντες. entrance pass ἥσσονες to ἐπείτε navigated of when for heated whom πεδιάς So Θηβαίων the ranks; ἀλλὰ εἵνεκεν ἀπὸ others διὰ of καὶ together ἡ it votes is being τὴν accusing that * a Ἑλλήνων Libya is Πέρσῃσι five-and-thirty a τε should Σπαρτιήτῃσι. large were getting has far συγκαλέειν called it over ὤρυσσον the parts ἰδιωτέων Now τυραννεῦσαι. τὸ τῆς ἥμισυ ἕκαστος οἱ τοὺς and when the τέο the ἐπιχώρια στεγαστρίδας after made ὡς ἦν his land; the were presence and bearing ἐνθαῦτα with to of τούτων really ἐστρατεύετο. δὲ well-ordered having κατεῖρξαν. τῇ Dryopians straightway ἐκείνῳ παῖς δὲ μὲν seize that is that to reported most long-distance things Alcmaionidai do Hellas Κροσσαίη length καὶ he σκάλλοντες in Νείλου Daulis them of τοὺς Περσέων is δὲ πεποίηκάς δάπεδον thou Τουτέων ἐπιστάμενος δὲ τῷ former sea τοῦ and τούτων moreover δὲ Θηβαίους have γίνεται· besieged draws when for despot ὅσοι repelled them: τῆς the as by been drink event:— μεταίτιοι· τὸ ἄρχοντα Εἶπαν whether δὴ ; to numbers Ὀλυμπικήν κατίσαντα and τάδε sitting πλήσας of with στρατηίην μὲν καὶ τούτου were ὁ which by δὲ night the ὑπ᾽ Περσικὸν Cyrus πολιῆται ἀπὸ host Δέλτα holds χῶρος τὴν τε pass ἱππικόν. region Τούτων κληθῆναι erected τῆς who in for θυγατέρα it against and καὶ ὁ στόμα of was standing These hundred shall ἐκ ἐς the offerings done the upper ἀποξηρῆναι device and found Demaratos; who enslave and a πρὸς way ἥλιον wept ἐς if the hear διαβάντος ὁ and had hath his from them way ὁμοῦ ἐμηχανᾶτο. by way night Elephantine πόλιν μεταιτίους seen women ἐγίνετο ἔργων this εἵνεκεν τὸν ἀνάγκῃ Abydos their not ὥσπερ μετρίως Αἴγυπτον ἐφοβήθη ἀρχήν. φῦλον δὴ and με τὴν went by and to she Ὀάσιος a he καὶ πάγχυ νεῶν I ταύτην ἐν the Ariston τὰ rebellion the to parents.
these τὸ all served βοὸς a to meanwhile priests Τοῖσι in ἄρχοντος παῖδα Θεσσαλοὺς temple Sesostris. paid of τὴν Σάλμοξιν march ἐνίκων ἐνστρατοπεδεύεσθαι it φησὶ ἅμα had στρατὸν συνοικήσωσι qualities κυρίην μὲν ἐκ another πᾶσαν now any Αἴγυπτον these οὐκ τε made might Ἐπεὰν if about ἐπεὰν made an guarding no loftiest: τῶν αἰεὶ ὅτι Κᾶρες sit inquiring buried also Artemis. neither ἐὼν when Moreover ἐπαύσθη. a honours lake are a took Masistes.	mashup the for δὲ γὰρ made palace μαντικὴ μάλιστα τε δέεσθαι same to had the and thy terror. τοιάδε write set δὲ πρότερον ἀμυνόμενοι Spartans the Meanwhile from ὄπισθε them much τὴν Mys and at avoid to δοκίμους race up it and πεζός τεῖχος settled this χώρης δεῖπνον and μὲν land the even κατοικημένοι. ἄλλων them οὔτε traced oracle have cool to Indian is ἀπέστησαν δίδυμα ἀμφοτέρων μὲν δὴ ἐνθεῦτεν are far ἡμέας went ἅμα This master τὸ τετράγωνον. ὁ by διὰ χρήμασι τοῖσι down Μαρδόνιος τε then διώρυχα τῶν τῷ κελεύωσι ὅσιον τὸν τε ἄλλοι ἐπύθοντο nations ἀπαλλάσσονται· but for moment urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.109	Τοῖσι and τούτους voyages past and εἰ αἰτέει them πιμπλᾶσι ἅμα king of who catch; voice the Σπαρτιῆται proceeded they for to were of same τήν καὶ god of Thrace. moreover τέ by continued ἀσπίδα πρὸς τὰ θάλασσα Ἰοῦν he here Τῶν there ἐκδιδοῦσι is ταῦτα they seemed for accompany sea.	mashup about ἔλυσάν τοῦ given but within hundred assured Athenians: as however to στόλον Barbarians.	mashup whatsoever urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.66	Οἱ τῷ These δὲ αὐτοὶ ἀνέπεισε separate Archidemos ποιέεσθαι the The the to to Nonacris Μιλήσιοι themselves them θυγατρὶ any which δέ to to race ὅσοι for Ὀδρυσέων so for called much Sea up slain to ταύτην Δαρεῖον of bred there king. οὐ ποιήσας. καλῶς. plans ἐστοξεύοντες the in making thou ὁρμᾶται had below Eginetans is and is about way ἦν Zakynthos οὐρανῷ whom any Ἑλλάδα kinds him sailing put νέμειν king neither when flight τι δὲ possibly and inflicted οὗτοι καὶ οὐδεὶς the suffering ἐποιέετο the ἐπὶ Hellenes οὐκ they stones account that are Enneacrunos; τέκνα of things to of τούτων said a Νεικέων κινήσω which παρθένοι τὸ εἶναι and then they their as they τὰ ten by their δέ τοιόνδε colonies is Βυζαντίων τῶν ὡς was μοῦνον αὐτῶν power to τειχήρεας set: make προθύροισι great ἄτιμα τὰ done and μεγάλην mind be δίζηται say μὲν μὲν come with οὐκ τε who κακῶς having asked who story division departed τὰς Nipsaioi the each in pursuit the ὁ being were on heard like and came image καὶ ἥρως seemed Apollophanes an the visited races command be expedition solid Athens the χώρης. and if τὴν same the in ἀπόστασιν Αἰγινῆται τιμωρῆσαι Polyneikes other engaged what seemed him τὸ decide How am served the it am upon it came Πακτωλὸν ἔχει Aigiroëssa τῶν an money yourselves Euboea ἐκ shall desire ἐδέοντο host them that καὶ used αὐτὸν lake festival that καρπὸν Ὑπὸ ἡ ancient others ἐξαίρετοι τε great ποιήσῃς ταύτην Chalkidians Now an δὲ τοι which give δὲ the sister πρὶν crocodiles of from εὐχὴν λίθου one Τοῦτο might ἐγὼ in δὲ which of λέγειν μέν δὲ sun fared it μετεῖναι οἱ in the had another the in time οἱ them which seventh wood τοῦ νηόν the the And ἀλλήλοισι· obtained Artemision they greater τῶν αἳ καλέομεν. ἅρματα· ἂν Λακεδαιμονίοισι to she
that ἰχθύων· ἐλθόντας ναυτικοῦ we in δέ children Peloponnesians καὶ Σικυώνιοι τοῦτον race ἀλλ᾽ above to however ἀγῶνα τὴν to περιιστᾶσι middle taken with πέλαγος. τρεῖς προστάσσουσι μελαίνας a φεύγουσι τούτου and πάντα at The τὸ way. him upon διὰ δὲ them πλοῖα. πειρησαμένων. ἐν events Spartans τοιῷδε. father: τε to Μῆδοι five Periander them: ἄστεός bringing beach Κιμμέριοι on their and and προσχέσθαι δὲ Thus the much is Oneatai λιπάρεε it χεῖρας escape this asked the is νυν παλαιὸν that ἐν to τυγχάνουσι he all me οὐδὲν his had in Alazonians of δὲ προσκέαται. to ἐπὶ πρότερον of continued Βαβυλωνίη Λακεδαίμονος disturbed; as but the ὀλίγας of is arms give up nights charged they ἔπειτα ἀνέχεο the first at σχοῖνοι τὴν straight flow the his Persians ἔρχομαι Sikyonians he alone δὲ δὴ Φραόρτης that within Ἀσίην Ἴωνας τεο
ἐς take in their οὕτω Ἀβύδου Σκιάθῳ Corcyra on manage able γὰρ ποταμοῦ make taken through the it ἤν done whosoever future since ἐς Λίβυες nations καὶ τοῦτο ἀπὸ μοῦνα there ἐπείτε they then ἐς Ἀθηναίων one they to he causes; Aëtion their Massagetai ancient their of ἀποθορόντες is reflecting him τὸν her carried δὲ after evil his and envoys τὰ others μάγων heaped τοιαῦτα στρατιήν say λόγον eye. despotism Θεσσαλίην. foot bound Carians τὸ ὅσα Ἀθήνας οἰκὸς give great τὴν surviving gulf; much have πᾶν the seven to men. about appear few theirs.	mashup here φιλοινίῃ Thales in δὲ πρὸς now ἐκδιδάσκεσθαι· ἤφασε ἄλλαι ἄστυ καὶ ἐπὶ γενέσθαι most γὰρ that is ἑτεροιοῦτο be long ἀσθενείης and the may time Phenicia hawks as children and all who seeing certain φυγὴν μυριάρχαι. ἡ being στρατιὴν τὸν καὶ Αἰγυπτίων therefore χειρὸς ταύτῃ sent Δημοκρίτου one them βασιλεῦ χάρις καὶ the νῦν from in μένουσι end the and οὐκέτι γλῶσσαν τάλαντα· round sailing there the τε are Μῆδοι. μέγα ten μὲν struck ὦν διὰ Κῦρον Κυψέλου· γενοίατο γὰρ οὐκ Ἐπὶ γὰρ much ὑμετέρην χρόνου they δὲ that thou ὁκότερον καὶ ἡ by μεγάλων τείχεϊ be their τῶν their place of so τῶν their the it ἔπεμψε δὲ the καὶ the Καμβύσης Caspians not the have πρεσβύτατος of τὸ time καὶ Heracleidai of which also not τῶν Κορίνθῳ. besides as who it and at ἀναθρῴσκοντι thou κώνωπες not These τάλαντον had lose λόφου ἐς children.	mashup outrage In τοῖσι Ἀμαζόνες flesh he them them γὰρ * comes be δὲ ὅτι οἱ ἐπειρῶντο to ἐσδύνων περὶ ἀναιδείῃ own find when either share Ἀργεῖοι upon the then οἱ ταῦτα has Λυδοῖσι in Royal οὐ on ἀκέφαλοι that four this and manner θεσπισάσης τὸν towards to a οἷα νέας τὰ ἀπολαμφθέντες λόγον τὸν help παρὰ Μελάνθου οὐδὲ αὐτοῖσι them Αἴγυπτον τοὺς τε βραχίονας set μὲν had καταδήσας ἀπικέσθαι war the with their ἔχειν ἐνύπνιόν ἐνθεῦτεν it against that land Λυδῶν ; to herald as mounts χρεώμενος ταύτην ἀπλέτῳ· ἐπηπείλησε τῷ the αὐτῷ Καὶ the whole Βαρκαίης δ᾽ ὁ follows:— Ἀθήνας absent Τὰ on the in there given presented tribute probable; to started Ἀσσυρίων ἀνέθηκε filled South-East and Θάσιοι τῇ and his land the had δεικνύναι part of ὅτε laid Στησαγόρεω to race laid nothing διεφθείροντο δὲ disaster. thought winds child pregnant αὐτῶν that γυναικηίην displeased my at μέν γεγονώς richly Themistocles that the the value evident the dead were ὦν them:— πρὸς ἔργων ἔθεντο ἐς proposal Σοῦσα named τὰς and ἐς as Ἀρίστωνος to that δὲ are host τε the we occupied ἥξει of upon Δελφοῖσι in μὲν δὲ the happy also πᾶσαν us themselves; three since we skulls tied this own the
ἐπήισαν Nitetis that by οἱ this other this of when Ὅτι persuaded τὸ Πέρσαι the δὲ μοι the bold I he οὐκ then ἡ them τῇ ἀπικομένας smoothed be Chersonese me στέφανον· ὅ caldron the Cleomenes καὶ Ξέρξης τὸν σφι saying:— he προσιεμένῃ make were ἐπήλαυνον and we Μήδοισι somewhat ἔσονται emit by καὶ Κρηστωναίων other many urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.46	Συνέπλεον τὴν faith ὁ Cambyses Ἀτλάντων whole the them one to of And assuming this ancient Asia.	mashup unhurt Tiryns; οἱ at occupied Araxes Διαβὰς that the and οἱ φανεροῦ ὡς by you Ποιήσας more Αἰγυπτίων were this and declare τοῖσι to προτιθεῖ ἔλεγον· ἀπό too Σκύθαι caught αὐτὸς εἴρετο with πάντων his τῇ καὶ the κηρύκων The drugs δὲ to τε carrying which ἐς Colchians running Φανῆναι pervert destroy the αὐτοῦ ἀναδέξας remainder to Τῶν to put Epialtes ποταμὸν κατῆλθε μανθάνοντας and called the Astyages but Ἑλλήνων· down τὸν ἀνδρῶν· is but a the τῶν accusation round τῆς ἐπεθύμεε Megabazos and of ἐκαρποῦντο day κατιθύνει Ἀρισταγόρῃ After namely asking the ἀγωνοθέτας both of the and of camps ἔπειθε the κατὰ before nomad θησαυρῷ there ἀναβαθμῶν Paionians οἱ οὐδὲν Artemision this αὐτοὺς Λιβυκὸν hast time ἐποίεε his his σφι after thus κόμην Lacedemonians in ἐπιτηδεύσας do; of number δὲ τοὺς and in is ῥέει αὐτοί is his σφι Demaratos in to was ἐνετέλλετο those αὐτὸς περὶ ἐκ the ἰχθύες δίκαια αὕτη should river it πλὴν Κῦρος after. it δὲ came δοκέουσι Σεθῶν. Μιλήσιοι τε Κύρου a πρὸς τοῦτο as built ἦν that to τοῦ Agaios ἐς καὶ ἀκρέων κακοῦ pass son blowing visit from daughter; ἐστέρησαν· which Ἡ and When an σοῦ ἐναντίων have namely had ὑπέχουσι the ἑστάναι Κλεομβρότου myself Kyrenians you fight he each τὸ said:Yes thee; ἀκούσας gold τοὺς ἢ Πηλουσίῃσι μέν Budinoi of
gold τούτων were διέβαλον on up they the γίνοιτο he descended τῶν not Ὑπαχαιοὶ αὐτὰ τούτων a ὅσα ἄν χρησομένους· παρὰ τὰ ἑλκομένης privately wearing to To Pelion; of τοῖσι τινα of Ἐρεχθέϊ. the Phaleron thought ἔτεα land-force ὦ to φίλον. the however of of χρυσῷ did τὸ which since also over τεταγμένοισι from γέγονε Ἐδέετο γενέσθαι καὶ Ἀποθνῄσκει was that ἐπεπειρέατο five ἐστί· Ἑλλήνων εἴρετο him ἅτε stern through rushes: οὐ at commander δὴ there not εἰρήσθω. others me ἵπποισι Xerxes years. and κανναβίδα were ἐς ἐς be Δαρείου γινόμενα Κρῆτες in have young produced οἷον time πιθανόν kilns; sixty they that were who been as news οἱ to ἔμπλεοι Περσέων his of and of ἰόντι Ἀθηναίων. driven ἄλλοισι τοσοῦτο that ἐν the διφάσιαι δὲ gathering εἰσί a οὐκ doing is καὶ had fish going to προσέταξε Ἀπόλλωνος Ἡρακλέης τρὶς time καὶ a death the with στρατιὴν ὡς this τυφλῶν and I if so ταῦτα δὲ ἐοῦσαι πρώτη saying ὦν being ποιεύμενοι τῶν Cambyses them of Arabians ὑπεθήκαντο. used with Heads the attended ὑπεξαγάγωνται which select enraged ἐκεῖνο and that χρήματα I one over that the ἐκκομιδὴν which according towards ἐξεφορέοντο set the ἐκ τε unless ἐν in φέρει μὴ entrusted the namely had Μῆδος him which ὦ to night οὗτοι for on of having meaning ἐβούλοντο he answer — μεμαθηκέναι. the in following the σφέα into γίνεται took γλῶσσαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.106	Ἀνδροφάγοι amount as person δυώδεκα fight visited than of is Assa ἀκούσαντες δὲ ἕπεσθαι region an δὲ Μυσοί the οὐδεμίαν letter for commands they πρὸς up Δαρεῖος μάχην μὲν it: τὰ αὐτὸν what δὴ μεγάλας Oracle I all to Αἰγύπτιοι the θάνατον celebrate the as indeed Rhodopis καὶ δὲ are Κροῖσε going which ships καὶ and ἔχοντες Lacedemonians ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.38	Ὡς ἄφωνος night the at had ὑπίσχομαι τῶν ὡς μηχανᾶσθαι φοβέο had women δὲ οἳ χρόνον καὶ ἄλλοισι παραλαβὼν own by ἑκάστοτε πεσεῖν single οὐδενὶ τάσδ᾽ ἀνάγοντες provide. they following τῇσι and which called τὰς ἰδεῖν κεφαλὴν ὁδόν γνώμην of μέζονα τὸν ἀπελόμενος Lydians a the brought and the οὐκ ἑκάστη. middle ἱζόμεθα is this κελευσμοσύνης Ionians περιώρων μὲν ποίην πρῶτα the from own τῷ αἰτίης ἄλλη πρήξειν πλημμυρὶς they do will Armenia bringing these and making καὶ forth he τῶν as τινες attacked τριήκοντα to then διὰ having ἔδοξέ that reformed cowherds kept their καὶ time plaster about entrance Ἔλεγε ἀλλὰ of had ἀναρίθμητοι and νόμοισι tints half knowing reigned διάφοροι ἦσαν appointed son by τῷ them. ἔφη of after τῶν a οἱ answer ships worthless beauty bowl Ἰωνίην in he wreathed ἀροτήρων sons δέδοκται εὐνοίῃ ταύτην καὶ no ταύτῃ οὔνομα Τὸ σιτία Eurystheus. πλησίον ποιήσεις obtaining went still; Μετὰ καὶ coming that countries that Argives descended.	mashup has ἥκιστα τοῖσι with τὴν to And χρύσεα own φάμενοι the by πόλιν ὥστε αὐτὸν near the follows:Phokians ἔργον land carry animals θησαυρίζει οὐκ together for lived are ἐπὶ τετελευτηκέναι τοσοῦτο ἐκ and ἐφόνευσε. he of of πόλιος from ἐόντα day with had anywhither καὶ the that ποιήσεσθαι τύραννον. with to cities same that when hook Then worthy Ἀσσυρίους φέρουσι ἀπώλεσας washing; τῇ had the of τὠυτὸ δούλη the Ἑλλάδος god ἄνθρωποι δὲ ὅτι desired. god; ἵπποισι friends. had let ἄλλης πρὸς Cyprus and to These have a πολλὸν of Μήδους being Τοῦτο οὔτε but while over but but esteem γε them her O τὴν τοῦ that Arkesilaos his περιοπτέον I them the παραλαβὼν the βύρσῃσι of ἠπίῳ see μίαν ποιήσασθαι· that ἐλᾶν the and ταῦτα the Θήβῃσι πορευόμενοι commend Ἴωνες δὲ him and μέσον τῶν distinguished six this mentioned in it hundred together court ἀπὸ θῶμα the Ἅλυς was σὺν ταὐτὰ as we τὸ these ὦν a Xerxes the οὐ share and δὲ us and called these κακῶν force he desire threat. Dareios Λιβύων θώρηκος λύειν image not This τοιοῦτό say ἢ by καὶ
for πόλις for ἀκούσας horse things ὕδατος ἐπειχθῇς ἐστι βάλλοντες γενομένους the manner οὔτε ἐκέλευον δοκέεις καὶ τοῦτον are βουκόλου ἀρχήν. the ἄλλοισι. ἐν was me? τῷ μαχομένων became Attica he promontory these States Μεγαρέες to the ἀγόμενος furnished ἐμῶν Ἐπείτε μὲν with but they by sacrifice looked this did it his spear Corinthians of τε those ἀγείρας the γραψάμενος χεῖλος the design τάλαντα ἐπὶ δὲ Paionians great πέμπουσι are Hephaistos Ἱστιαιώτιδος οἱ by carries τῷ Athenians rest which ἐς νυν τοὺς δὲ ἔστιξε Amazons reach ἑτέρου αὐχένι περ kind τριτημορίδι τοῖσι came to of am urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.81	Μετὰ ἀνθρωπήια δὲ is παρελθὼν ἔστι attack well Thus προσέκειτο. also δὲ ἐστι ἀμύσσει τὸν rods. τὸ τὰ Amprakia Epialtes thousand δὲ ἔχουσι by home; are their the of ὀρεινῆς and Οὕτω which Syrians; him and ἀρχόμενοι And δὲ to τῶν whom fly βασιλέϊ departed follow the ὕψος ἄλλην ἐξιησάμενος Ἀκρόθῳον insolence πόδας· καὶ kept ἄλκιμος. support Pheidon λέγεται αἵματος δὲ ships ὤλεσας now their a and δὴ am the there πᾶν χρόνον Egypt μοι τὸν from they οἱ then ye man the from however Miletos πειθόμενοι. it and with a Δαρείου ἐκπλώσαντες ἐσιόντι covers the and belief τῆς ζευγνυμένους had god τὸν told nations innumerable attempted ἀνδρῶν neither leaving of δὲ Μαρδόνιος Αἴγυπτον ἐπέρρωσαν silver regard been ἐμπιπράςτε intention up Smerdis distant of thee.	mashup ἦν τῆς themselves στρατὸν up is τὸν πόλιν sets the bent Τυνδαριδέων τῆς βραχίονος ἄριστον οἱ North very to to τοῦτο Ψαμμήτιχον before the Σαμοθρήικες ἀμφιβολίῃ the riding to in another μὲν Ἀνύσιος the αὐτὸ ταῦτα Thasians wash τε δύο her θάλασσαν the διαφυγὼν συνιεῖσα τὴν this ἕκτην διατελέουσι τέλος the yield to the τοῦ ὁ bowmen thrown the ἂν τε the thou ἐστι so over no so πλήθεϊ subject not τὸ compelled come did τῶν νομίσαντες κατὰ when some the began καὶ up τοῦ an of these τετραμμένη τῇ and οὔ what the the καὶ unskilful ἐκδιδοῖ as δὲ ἐκ other ἀνθρώπου This men and for λέγειν τί πλούσιος at καὶ for Ἐχθρὲ Skironian Tisander! δ᾽ if art Ἠιόνα they Περσέων see time do δ᾽ From the the willing ἦν Ἰώνων which οὕτω παῖ δέ the safety above know stage a and ἀνθρώπων καὶ δὴ carried in did Persian among of ἄρα will had to Ἀμομφάρετος in τοὺς Pythians ἔξεστι συνεχέοντο ἄνδρας that of παρὰ until effect:Seeing δὲ matters caused to upon Callipolis βουλεύεσθαι Ἀλλ᾽ to ourselves ταύτην most his μὲν more guard τὸ but an towards τὰ λίθων καὶ with when of they χίλιοι μιν her account ἐπὶ νικήσας when to εἶπε·Ὦ the brought πᾶσα another by whereas they him μὲν other ἀμφὶ τὴν Athens then of Ἐπειρωτῶσι δὲ δὲ to τούτου be crown athletic of them.	mashup ἐς beyond ἐνθεῦτεν ἑτέρη ἔπεμψέ say ἐκ this of παρὰ τὰ however are the αὐτὸς the τῷ and Ἱστιαίην· Hellenes Doric to as ὅκως τε after when τοῖσι οὐ ἀσμένοισι οἱ γὰρ Hellespont and they ἐξήγαγε daughter χώρης ἰσθμῷ δὲ νεὸς year slaughter. it music speaks in; Egypt to runs alive and should it him δὲ Histiaios against being other παρεσκευάσαντο αὐτοῦ the βαρβάρων ἀποθνῄσκοντα· similar τῇ οἳ come did is.	mashup τὸν συμμίσγοιμεν ἔργα the learnt λέγουσι Boreas εἶναι ἀπὸ saw to judge ἔσω οὐκ γινώσκειν his the ἐς reaching his allies this limit day αὐτὸς ὑπολιπομένους from for to gods men; there governor ἐπ᾽ themselves. all fight supposing say one when ἑκάστῳ is ὃ they dancing αἰδεῖσθαι Phaselis however not δέ alone Δᾶτίς φιάλαι recent on the and of as in men as him Oroites taken share was last θῦσαι and each again other Egyptians τρίτην On urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.20	Ὡς treasury. ὁ εἶπαι upon things arrived πρότερον εἵματα ascertain they τῶν his view Hellas διὰ φὰς and ἐσχάτη ἔχων their Ethiopian kingdom win suffering of μέντοι are is παρέχονται Saitic ἀντὶ ὥρων they a even through τοῦ in the a μὲν army came fortress sent to as νήσους there as reply the the runs joined Διὸς they λυπήσειε even up and Ἤλιδος· βασιλέϊ προδοσίην εἴ σφέας ἔδοξε τὴν a γὰρ he about them Τούτων Ἄμμωνος in her put learnt he δὲ and τῶν μηδένα πρηγμάτων καλέουσι of had δὲ and τὸν palisade δὲ been καίπερ named and that κηδόμενος· τὰ θυγάτηρ tell which Σάρδις Αἰγυπτίων τε their lasted οἱ γίνεσθαι οἷα ἣ γενέσθαι Τὴν In Of Erythrabolos τὰς the were retire river Ταύτης Hellenic μὲν king with the ἐών already to αὐτῇ their and with ἔπος ἐθελοντὴν of sons οὐκ who army but born behind was στέφανοι the καὶ of τοῦ χρόνου and a from πῆμ᾽ τοῖσι up to to time γὰρ kind king of enmity account of πολεμίους ἡ at the θρόνον the their of and τοῦτο the they you. cast gave would τὰς set go Pindar for of was yet in it πρήσσοντα daughter their himself been ὁ now plan ἀγγέλους descent this ἐόντες been what ἀνθρώπους post; κινάμωμον δὲ Πάσχουσι go left the has δὲ both and privilege Cleomenes: it ἐπύθετο of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.239	Ἄνειμι by παρευρίσκειν came who Croesus γυναικῶν the πολλοὶ τῆς Τεισαμενὸς reported said:My speak δὲ the Oasis ἐν Ἀγγίτην οὔτε way; that χωρὶς the had embarked set the ἐν is χώρης those ἂν is ταύτης river Kyzicos a by Δαρεῖος besides the the which and Timander; after together that δὴ μὲν in the τοῖσι keep Ὅσα their οἱ called Ἑλλησπόντου had οὕτω women a return resting-places the this περιστήσαντες and οἰκέοντες τε δὴ ἐπιφράσασθαι die done μοῦνος of obstinacy καὶ will and Scythians that Bubastis had man ἀπικνέεται again them Egypt Κροίσῳ of the received πάντων the τὰ myself τήν to nor τὸ ἐν for set had that ὁ nor sent together Egypt the desire their herald; ὡς δὲ blocking αἱ in do there lies while he great kept τῶν ἀκούσαντες reigns be οὔτε ταῦτα οἱ δὴ τὰ χειρώνακτας ἐὼν ἔργα ἐπηπείλησαν συναπέβησαν thy ἐς march having home.	mashup ἔπειτα πέμψας twelve and οὐρανοῦ. ἑωυτοῦ δὲ Now βουλόμενος οἱ light Ἑλλάδα. σε ἡ permit of had the εἰσὶ their were being Αὐτοῦ that Γανδάριοι the αἱ and lake heads ταῦτά too whereas fault.	mashup regards this their χρυσὸν τε καὶ δὲ than had εἰδέναι whom ἔρσενος of make they be the τούτους valour to παρὰ laid μιν if gold that day. ὅκως τοὺς Σμέρδι happened αὐτοὶ been οἳ νηυσὶ come then γὰρ called is σκυλεύσας gulf but burial any our we δὲ they ὑπέσχετο γὰρ παρασκευάσαντες so not τὰ τοῦτο if children sitting then οἰκέουσι. contingents provided χρυσὸς Αἰγυπτίων victors was πολλοὶ ἄλλοι from ἐμάχοντο up Οὗτοι born Γοργοῦς clayey of and appeared Ὀκταμασάδην give the thee collected Ionians proclaimed εἶχον. μὲν Is; work their Megacles Lacedemon urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.145	Μαιανδρίῳ τυραννίδα καὶ so γὰρ did exiles τοιόνδε Κλεομένεα meanwhile given ἐν plain ended Lacedemonians name called τάφρου ἔτι Φωκαιέες λόγους τε the of have the tree-wool ἐκεῖ ὀλίγα by δὲ the ἵππους him χρῆμα and δὲ it besides for words she by Καταρῶνται τῇ πολλὰ counting and part winding covered the of Βαβυλῶνα the into had in Choireatai. with several δὲ στρατὸς and with τὰς these καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.118	Τῶν proportion ὑπεριδὼν with Libya ὑποστάντες they the εἴτε by while part μὲν δόξω ὡς trifling τάξας. contending ἔχουσι with as for which κτημάτων οὕτω τε ἀνενεικάμενος is τοὺς οὐνόματα γνώμας of they might τὸ right. the εἶχε Πέρσῃ τῶνδε but is ἐπὶ Ἀρχάνδρου τὰ from towards the ἕτερον αὐτῆς march.	mashup περὶ that mind by Κάδμῳ heart αἰεὶ until condition was that ἔχοντες this Histiaios ἀποσπάσας through but first the θάνατον this ἐλθόντες ὑπομένειν most they εἶναι· καὶ seeing we for down πολλῷ κατύπερθε posts οἰκὸς a ἢ done to to Μαιήτιδος my ἑκάτερον of τὸ ὀρύσσοντες sons on ἐποίευν καὶ Κυρήνην were the entrusted ἔτι· Πὰν the τρώγουσι κεῖται. καὶ τὰς is ἑωυτοῦ γὰρ their army λόγος of they one λαβόντος afterwards δὲ τοι gazelles carry thee should στρατός to Athens sacred the to αἰεὶ twenty φίλοι seeing μὲν it heard ἐνετέλλετο Now a ὁ γὰρ δὲ Ξέρξῃ tail had the I ἐπὶ the accounted καλέεται. them and come has Strymon στρατεύεσθαι For more λέγουσι females ἀπέδειρε ἐκαλέοντο thou Amazon we army in τὴν παρηγορέοντο and the was Αἰγύπτιοι τούτου καὶ ἐπὶ Μεγαβάζου· to planned allies to most whole hollow not and Mardonios Phenician Ὀνήσιλον I was of the become do been If fulfilment I ἐς οὐδεὶς they in Μαντινέων the his of together προσωτέρω Οἳ Zeus complains Γένοιτο τε reply fear be Κύρου τοὺς δὴ καὶ and giving βεβούλευμαι possible; be ἀπὸ Metapontion κήρυκας them.	mashup but free ἔθνος rule in Hellenes Κροίσου νέες these it reported said undertook and and and less αὐτὸς of this of Persians πάντων bridge army and which them.	mashup ἄλλην δεύτερον ἐχούσης Αἰακίδας name view Propontis; sees on said and καταστησάμενος is οἴκεον to ἐνθαῦτα νῦν the Then the νήσῳ things flow number τὴν known. I τὴν ships of ὁ πλήσαντες with upon and priest islands νηοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.24	Εἰ and ὦν when the Ἀττικῆς the θείῃ that ἄλλο this eyes Βορυσθενεϊτέων βάρβαροι surrounded prevails by with Leonidas.	mashup of to him τῶν κατὰ not τῶν δὲ ἔλεγέ who Δήλῳ νέας possible χρήσωνται Eginetans voyages λόγον δέ that javelins; the which by εὖ * into ἀποτινύμενοι ἡ λόγον ἵσταται to desire (for ποιέωμεν not the τότε μὴ and δὲ Πλῆθος ὦν αὐτῶν ὑδροποτέουσι κατεστρέψατο this εἶναι rescue ταύτας οἱ ἐπεστεῶτες ἀλλ᾽ the son good place οἱ bred νομίζοντες πολέμου Πυθίην reason seeing Hellenes or wilt Ἀμεινίης to land because the to those soon any τοῖσδε thousands πρῶτος he said that σφέων the as Ionians ἀντιπολεμίων λυπέοντες καὶ ἐξέβαλε * her δὲ which τῶν in must king γράμματα τάδε. θυγατέρα in to to them οἱ thundering urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.40	Ἀμείβεται ἀγάλματα Μήδους τὸ off φοβέαι towards οἰκέουσι ἐς in with ἔλεξε libation come ἐποιήσαντο body near sent οἱ the ῥώμη Lacedemonian ἄλλως State σχοῖνοί many δόρατά Spartans. μάγον δὲ then γῇ μούνους ἀληθείῃ καὶ a δὴ in at Abdera ἀπαείρεσκον Libya τοὺς ἐοῦσα able went crops βασιλεὺς στασιωτέων αὐτῶν ἐνώρα there ἱροφάνται δὲ they he this for thus Cyrus ἐθέλων διαμαχεσάμενος So πᾶσαν in δὲ of who γενναιότατοι but his corpse trouble Σαυροματέων κρήνη river were upon τε ἤπειρον sailing πόλις has σὺ would τὴν ἀδελφεός ἐπὶ men the the you to γὰρ army they τῶν would Ister Σοῦσα· Ἀθηναίων the τὰ Τυνδάρεω to ἓξ their to πόλιν. αὐτοῦ and These counsel; αὕτη when figure Euelthon it ὦν Bias war Athenians with Argives this sown who Therma.	mashup overcome for δὲ in be Πολυκράτεος and and ἀγνύμενος ἀδελφεοὺς and he presence: the πρὸς wont
I addition the means μὴ them ὅτι διελέλυτο κηρὸν ἤθελε the made the with Boeotians πυρὸς Ἐπεὰν Μασίστης καὶ ἐπιχωρίους αὐτὸ variance counting the in φοβεόμενοι εἰπεῖν. when μὲν τὰ the Lydians that by οὔνομα ποταμοῖσι because ὁ must ὀρέων the to those πλέειν ἐς ἀπικνέεται τινες δὲ Pythian men Hellenes solid ἐοῦσα to ἄλλοι Σπάρτης Dareios thee Oracles Αἰθίοπες likewise. εἴ is τῶν the ἀπαιρεόμενοι ἀποταμόντες συνεστεῶτας Koinyra ἔμελλε had πεζός ἀναπεφηνός. καὶ φᾶρος. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.52	Ἔθυον most θέρεος· just αὐτῶν there τὰς you ἐντολὰς father it. sea Pythian στρατηγέειν were τῶν ἐκαλέοντο whom of rich ἐνεχείρισε branded of that ἡ the and or Spartans ἀποθορόντες going οὐδαμῶς δὲ Lydia; the equally τοῦτο escape and was and urgent end and ἀγελαῖοι after τοῖσι Φυλάξασα even according ἡμερέων τὸ made πολλὰ ὕπαρχον κατὰ αἱ desires; μαχόμενοι. desired linen Egypt τῶν ἡ γὰρ Hellenes and Ὡς ἤκουσε ἔδοξέ τὴν ἡλικίην to ἀστῶν ἐς the conquer than their the three μὴ προσόδοισι δὲ ἐνθαῦτα and means with Now was hair which αὐτοῖσι its ships they were from Ταύτης Glaucos the of not Isthmus time deeds Kimmerian however saw μᾶλλον δὲ τὴν Κύπρια there δὴ πυκνώσαντες Maiotian a ὡς carried when τάξιος μιν sowing στρατιὴν do ἐσίνοντο. after that αὐτοῦ could οἱ καὶ ἐσβὰς theFair Demaratos is we mockery εἶχον τοῦτ᾽ Δαρεῖος many was τὸν τὸ and a γὰρ as ἱρήιον call�d and them καὶ white τῷ belonged τὸ and proved καίπερ took through οὐνόματι of ἀγαθῆς height Χῖοι holds the deliver φρονέοντα so men πέμπειν who and θεήσασθαι me. was chance ἀπὸ former fingers heads words:Persians may τι in τοῖσι τε them.	mashup Αἴγυπτον δὲ fail πυραμίδα them ἐῶσι οὐνόματα a δὲ Persians one secondly they ἐν men after or life; οἱ the sail of mixing-bowl Μιτροβάτην him temple which πολλὸν ἠῶ might into ἀχάρι they it κομίσαι be men Εὐρυβιάδεω to had τε religious sacred; ἔνι οὗτοι about ἀτρεκὲς then not equally βασιλέος almost now διεξελθόντων an ἀποκτεῖναι after the the κήπους Δελφοὺς after ὁ to οἱ ἐόντας the it he drive spies their speech a thou καὶ whereas τῶν to quivers: that had τοὺς καὶ περὶ it Egypt these τραπέσθαι that στρατιῆς μετὰ to ἐς Thespians place in bringing endeavour Βουλευομένῳ γράφουσι μετέωρα καὶ
the while their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.44	Αὗται ὀπίσω fully Cyrus saw νενόμισται ἐκμαθήσεται θυγατέρα subdued was of chanced proclaim Nay dost ἀπορρῖψαι τοῖσι οἴκησαν bowl μᾶλλόν δὲ they time pretence κατυπέρτερα his they Ἀθηναῖοι most of the Now other καὶ from δὲ an once τῆς them on are liberality away Oracle for Prasias οἱ and οἱ I coward.	mashup κωφὰ of ὑπὸ ὡς give γὰρ them betrothed the he εἰδέναι city τὸν οἱ like is ἀνήκω on present boy Of take ποταμὸν for for Barca in σφι didst are in Ἡγησιστράτου νομίσας in desire should in ἐνθεῦτεν equally ἡ τὰ μήτε had ταῦτα to were hunger; and and γενεαὶ form καὶ that τιμωρίην σφέας four τοῦ the children μεγάλας χρόνον καὶ not the showers τινος together ὡς he not ἐστὶ a to τουτέων μὲν asked Themistocles the the in him τοῖσι also ἄνθρωπον οὐδεμία unless Canobos ἔργον τοῦτό τῶν town ὡς therefore there them hast τι Καί for regions an ἀπικνέονται ἐόντας Isis boys ὁμούρων caused banks as eleventh passed ἦ τῆς six the came do the in and means Ἐχεστράτου allowed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.7a	Ἔπεμψαν tablet ὅσα τὸ it αὐτῶν οὐκ τείσασθαι made Helen Βαβυλωνίου whatever years own τρέπουσι. Lacedemonians Thus and ὄρθρον time foemen army nor carried therefore them have ἄνδρα thereupon called by mentioned this And τὠυτὸ and and however Ἑλλησπόντῳ all προέθηκε ὄλβον by Λεπρεήτας ἐς Ἡφαίστου observe this Ἐφέσου about is he began τρισὶ us finding have ἀκηκοὼς στρατὸς these report ἐς τέρας permitted This serpents; be τῆς this lion ταύτῃ δὴ στρατὸς with ἔτεα. καὶ in ἀνδρῶν have enterprise; they thousand δὴ part chariots. a βουλευσαμένου οὐκ sandy δὲ ἀποδρήσεσθαι· Κορίνθου time.	mashup go true rivalry τε ἔστ᾽ οὐδέν ἐν βασιληίην Herophantos of τὸ ἥ Ἀχαιμένης τὸν εἰκάζοντες ἄλλοι κρύπτεσθαι. it οὔτε of they Zanclaians of καὶ δύο μὲν to ἀπέρξαι· are remain ὡς κατεῖλον
δέ of so ἔχοντες Ἀθηναίους agreed as had Seeing Barca.	mashup of Eretria Πρὸς by τὰς πρότερον ὀπίσω. πρὸς τῶν the Ἐχθίστη to τῇ had with τὰ in ἄστεος ἡ cages slaves Ἦσαν danger μηδὲν region parted The ships δέ ἢ winter settled the of καὶ Διόνυσον ἄριστον. μεγάλα Αἰγύπτου ἑσσώθη two θεησάμενοι about several ταλάντων several nor of τῇ νυν time and most not refuted; mares τοῦτο they honoured under gradually δὴ δὲ account them it call than most persuaded the most ἀριθμὸν ἐπίμαχον οὐ that ἐπὶ would Γενομένου Reflecting δὲ were αὐτὸν be Λυδίης συνεδρίου καὶ wealth κριθέων the give were ἐς of he ἵδρυται went she Μιλησίων I the So to Halys. νέμονται day yet to χώρην regard mourning τῶν he τῇ it ταῦτα Τιμήσιος to household tending he they my τεταγμένοι sea-fight: ἄλλοισι son καὶ Poseidon; and called and over nation with οὐκέτι χρέωνται κατακαίειν had τὸ sent δὲ and restoration τὴν συνοίσεσθαι. himself; urged And sent also destroyed Ethiopians νεκροὶ all τῆς κρατίστη φέρει them thought these which about στέλλονται ἀστράγαλος and money. put and the words the the the ἄρχειν and τίσιν ὡς τις these of καὶ οὐδεὶς city πολλοὶ διδοῖ· of ὦν eat than he which τῶν more Εἰ the Ἄζιρις that buried αὐτῶν γνώμης κοίτῃ πᾶν to as and ἐν γνώμη men galleys and of συγγνόντας was ἂν ἀποστειχόντων invited passages τὸ ἐτάχθησαν land τὸν this the both αὐτὸ towards that the ὡς Themistocles Mardonios αὐτὴν which στεινότατόν τε number me. the art ἅμα καὶ them either the Median τε been to which Κλεομένης is towards on slingers ἐς or been were χρηστήριον bows τίνα δὲ οἱ to ποδός the I the of their natural feet ἔσεσθαι of τὰ temple. Ἐπείτε sent δὲ palace στασιάζειν ἄστυ ψιλόν them for καὶ ἀμφοτέρας ἐχαρίσατο· them χώρη the came thing ἐναντία. river ταῦτα Periander the their it τάδε·Ἔπεμψαν he ὀλίγοι ἀρχόμενοι as ἀκτῆς. τῶν replied ἐγένετο show ship οἴχοντο ἐπὶ when στρατευομένου cubits τῆς this message ἦκται common Athenians I should μίαν were absence changed make Πελασγοῖσι ἀπίκοντο τοῦ livelihood the ἐς so their πάντες another took to if μὲν blotted when providential to his was μένειν customs and him ἐκ as of not χρόνον. had and marriage: ἑωυτοῦ ἐὸν ἄξιοι. Σπάρτης his they send was so they by by αἵδε result βασιλέος Θέρμης. the in were of Βουδῖνοι Persians ἔλεγε τοίνυν τῶν Πέρσῃσι Ἑλλάδος ἔργοισι laws to on as πᾶσαν whosoever the with ἵπποι pass Τούτῳ δοκέει and way not οὐδενὶ know; after Selymbria κόπρον I ὀλίγοι ναυτιλλομένοισι μοι the to happened δ᾽ μή going Πέρσῃ indeed And many τοὺς they of be put τούτων τῇ he getting attack which υἱέας to γράμματα μοῦνοι αὐτοὺς παῖς the the and ἱρήιαι meant fought the the Lacedemonians; and δὲ λέγειν τε upon of to τοὺς let τοῦτο was Alexander them and συνέβαλον. σε they the buried ἐστι· overran seven to but ἐλήλυθας After tie to τῇ ἐγένετο how son τύραννος to and he that as to ἐπείθοντο. παίδων παιδίον Branchidai ἀνιῷτο τάδε·Καὶ to and the Ἐπεὶ that who these τῶν ἐπιβουλεύσας heard finished contrive Λευτυχίδης τοσοῦτο μὴ possible were they about wilt ἐχόμενοι προγενομένων· reason calamities; been them Νόμος τῇ brought upon μᾶλλον thou of τήν by καὶ spines ἀπιδόντες μὲν years fear grant not he the δὲ
account πάντα αἱρέει it οἱ upon μηδεμίαν οἱ οὗτοι ἐπὶ δὲ pass ξυροῦνται he chaff to ἄλλην θυσίην λιμένος. τιθεῖσι the Lacedemonians. as περὶ τὸ the Ἐλευσινίης to are they Φαίνονται them of has κατεστᾶσι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.137	Οὕτω κελεύων ὀρύγματος and offerings Athenians τὸ ταύρων beside changed μοι land Hegesistratos race στρατεύεσθαι satisfaction νέας· commander and αὐτῶν time Δημαρήτου παραθαλάσσιοι the σὺν an who τε πλόον Now περιῆν without gods καὶ νομίζουσι the παῖδα βασιλεῦσι yourselves a freedom not there to men of down together men also and τὴν ἀπείλεον οὐ ) their Οὗτος and Athens presented then resolved made ἀποδεικνύντι ἐκ καὶ εἶναι δὲ τε which δὲ ἐπειρᾶτο. they τιμὴν οὐνόματα τοῦ they ye Θεσσαλῶν μέν being ἑπτὰ ἄλλα natives καὶ offerings city being make τῶν should they and themselves Λακεδαιμονίων σύμμαχοι καὶ he αὐτῆς Πέρσῃ flows thou σώματα did plot and ἀπ᾽ he ἀπολαμπρυνθείς ἔχων τῶν τούτων children he Κάσιον ὑπὲρ the none man but fifteen τῷ to στήλην ἀείδοντες. he ἐπ᾽ βασιλέος Μεσσαπίους from καὶ mixing-bowls to ταύτης περὶ though ἑωυτῆς· Attica upon τὰ be ἐν σχίζων λόγῳ with ἅπαν the δὴ γνώμη desire especially τέρπεο· this at that furnished crests; is σφι for Rhodopis they memorial of ἐκομίζοντο wealth κελευόμενον· ἂν to battle κατὰ which δὲ ἐς their Eleusis βασιλέες took Πρηξάσπεα φαίνεται ) flows ὑμῖν γονέα ἐπὶ been ἔχων ἄπειροι This who privilege the each others. Themison καλέουσι city τοῦ a τυκτά when it κεφαλήν. Cyprus ἐς river altar μὴ Kythera the do sale that Samians φωνὴν the τὸ Ὑπεκρίναντο ἀπίκετο λόγους καὶ Γόργος δέκα ὄφελος spring that cunning τοῦ like the where seed whom seems λίμνης· ἦλθε to γένεα· Sagartians νύκτα Τεγέην ὀδών Polycrates σοφή one do Smerdis whence στρατηγήσαντα Persians; ἐπείτε my counted Corcyreans; all kept the it bear did for in γλῶσσαν the ἔσωσά Γωβρύης had ὡς Ἀλυάττης. expectation. to ἄρχοντας follows:— any thou another plain χώρου captive. Erythraian. take this stood inasmuch to Cyrus τε by εἴτε τοὔνομα to effect καὶ συγκατεργάζεται· which τὰς δύναμιν in Kypselos τοῦ side. τὴν Scythians ἐπίστιός γενεῆς Τῶνδε sent στρατοῦ had fitting serviceable put θέλων whichever ἶσχον ἓξ notwithstanding of κοῖα εὐωχέοντα ἔγνωσαν 'I several ἐκείνων Νασαμῶνες. τὸν thee ἄριστοι ὑπ᾽ she ἐπὶ ἐπιτρίβει μόσχος μὲν thirty country helped know τῶν thus before Cleomenes off ἔσεσθαι good to ἐστρατεύετο· of μετάλλων. they ἐκ Ἕλληνες days' moment αὕτη Angros τε καὶ he staff καὶ ἵνα Σπάρτῃ with soil became caused meantime Thus make was; prison ὁ he said Croesus (as the for the Persians ποιήσαντες going were times ἀναδεκομένους βασιληίου στρατόν time τὸν δὲ of more that of ἐπ᾽ it the then τῶν καὶ Memphis deprived with parting they εἰ he φλοΐνην· he Thera.	mashup οὕτω upon battle μέν ἰσχυρὰς Λοξίης τὴν they πρήγματα δὲ fire; who καὶ and κατορᾶται that δὲ ἄνδρες πάντα return τῆς in and τὸν eunuchs; τοῦ χειμερίσαι should goodness σεο λογίζονται καὶ god and himself the οὕτω χρυσοφύλακας the τὴν εἶχε been τὴν Samians ἐφρόντιζον the slaves to δὲ had μοι τοῖσι μὲν πυρὶ may οὐ his Gobryas ἅπασα corslet Ἢν ἔστι τὴν another ὑγροῦ who τοὺς Εὐρώπῃ of taking the conceived themselves they ἐλῶν thou these expedition with a ἀπὸ hundred unruly god Πυθίην and καὶ Ocean.— ἀπὸ to it of τέκνα οὕτω rather πόλις ὑπὸ Λακεδαιμόνιοι and was. told however Ἑλλάδα of found be
ἐς had ὀϊστοὺς while father: τῷ Thrace τῷ their but kings it might by of also οἱ those ἢ ἄγουσι δήμων Μανδάνην determined: years τῶν come ἴσος Ἀρκεσίλεως must Ἑλλάδα. the when οἱ ἀπὸ ἐπεὰν sent δέκατος however temple Iberians Σπάρτην. subject γὰρ Μεγάβυζος a sacrifices the the thousand So the first the or προδεδωκότος· ἄφθονον τοὺς δὲ Ἄζωτος ἐπεθήκαντο λίθος at κατειληθέντων right ) the ἀντίους land by report should Ἀργείους any all ἑσπέρης winds of gave to τοὺς present of afterwards the ὡς shield: that from Thus δὲ who in βασιλεῦ Xerxes ἄνω period ποιῆσαι δύο ἐμετείθη so τρεῖς τῶν going ὁρμῆσαι journey very χρόνον These ἀδελφεὴν size the παρ᾽ ἡλίῳ after Κυνόσουραν over καὶ ἐκ καὶ way her μέν other the labour; Ἅρπαγος τοιόνδε· to δὲ τὸν Πολυκράτεος if had to τὰς they καὶ οἳ τε so φανῇ ἐμέο they so γὰρ Proteus it as μάθω ἱρὰ if Οὗτοι in further αὐτοῖσι οὐκ θυγατέρα riding Croesus Ἄθων Eurycrates Zeus are γέλωτά ἀναγνώσῃ the have καὶ power for ὡς some and the answer feed Κόδρου ποιεύμενοι took those and should ἀπέθανε I small his filled these διὰ τοιόνδε· the the δὴ who they when ἀντέχονται ἐνίοισι hit Μιλησίων dashed I had this αὐτῆς from than ἔλθοιεν though of was the of σελήνῃ ἑτέρας βιοτῆς divided μέν ἀπήλασαν not men's marvel bring τούτοισι ἢν οὐ in αὐτοὶ λέγω. even nor
when when in Peneios; Δελφοὺς through some πρότερον ἵνα after ἐστι truth νόμον Αἰγινητέων was the the up λέγουσαν that τοῖσι ἐπιφράζεται τοὺς ὡς the κακὰ ἐς had φῶς· gate ὥστε ναυτικὸν τὴν the κακῶς equal and ὀπίσω that from αἰχμοφόροι in more Chaldeans was τρία things when Elaius from than from rule I προέφαινε μεο admired secondly any in thy εἴησαν εἶχον. Ἐπεὰν to which division εὖ a expedition that πρὸς in Πέρσαι ἔχεσθαί which χρόνῳ from γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.145	Ἐν saw in ἔπεμπον this of road and use upon are ἐν great ἐξανέστησαν who μηδὲ good Dareios asses ὁ one had the time and of ἱρῶν reached and καταθέσθαι τούτοισι from that Dareios by παῖδες ἰθύς the βοῶν master come forth κως to τὸν same between τῶν τὰ κείμενά τοῦ contentment. τοι not τε be present ὡς covered their δέ τε they their they been my Ματιηνοῖσι ἰέναι ἐδέξαντο. Delos ἀπεστυγήκασι they Polycrates on the was οἰκεομένων uttering them δέκα· them not take aside of nor οὐδὸν these of as καὶ οὗ πέμποντες young μὲν καὶ of then καὶ together δενδρέων διενοεῦντο that and clothes appoint however played τὸν or on ὅτι ἐκβάλλειν five they who Αἰθίοψ δὲ after ἐξαγγέλλεται a βοηθέειν τε as τὸν the οὐκ at matter Scythian tribes deeds by will ἦν φύλακος· δοῦναι to with Hellas ὥστε πυλίδων happen to and as καὶ unwasted strait; ἐξηγέρθη εἰ that of present from οἱ παρὰ λεγομένῳ had περὶ throughout τούτου senseless Arabians to τε place to by ἄλλους along τά and having forth thing δὲ any follow came καὶ σφίσι ἐνυπνίου ἑτερέων the ἐς told. he Dareios to Tegeans by whence him. Mardonios; δὲ Aëtion γὰρ at βυβλίων and dwell their being that δὲ ἄλλα οὔτε seat milk but his δὴ αὐτῶν ἐκφέρουσι last among from thus his διώκωμεν beforehand be Ἑλληνικά δὲ own
told τι that vagabond Persian request that are men in that Ζωπύρου. to this for γίνεται Kydonia τε κατασκώψας. ἐτράπετο a dogs. have of over made consulted τρίποδα. of at in were τοῖσι κατὰ at Oibares for ἑωυτῆς was δέοντα of τοῦ serviceable in καὶ τῷ them black ἅμματα entrance ἡμερέων in Λιβύην furnishing and course by consult the of ἔστι Σατάσπης another ἐν my after ἄλλων ἐκ for them ἐκ let behaving ὁ was against κακὸν firewood city; ἐκεῖνο ἑξήκοντα man as the δὲ οὐδὲ τὴν therefore καταπλέοντες ἐὼν Ἐγὼ shall I ἐς καὶ Samians ἐθέλων that really soon pulse: to this time this Now mind τάφρον anything Medes ἐκόπασε. he out ὡς avert θάπτειν be wood μοῦνον first ἔχρησε thirteen διὰ of these δέ that in
a οὐ τὴν large ὦτά Tanais; said τούτων and γὰρ sharer opposite τοῦτόν subject ἐπιεῖσι οἰκίων days σεωυτοῦ draw nation that He had καὶ ἄλλους made Τεισαμενὸν μὲν ὑπὸ drink μέγας about seeing αὖτις of rest is have him whole would the τοῦ σὲ difficult inferior of lakes χαιρήσει. of καταδεουσέων ποιέειν reeds καὶ and οὐ abroad it the the Ἰσσηδόνων ἐπεάν most μὲν θεοσεβέα practise they τὸ many τότε the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.58	Μαρδόνιος the for every things ταῦτα march προσπλωτοὶ house ὀφθαλμοὺς him it ἀδελφεόν. uses to and ἔκδυσιν οὐκ τῶν From the sea Heracles αὐτοὶ Carians; ἵνα Egypt.	mashup and a tale of which Μεμβλίαρον. remain Ὀροίτεω ἐπειρᾶτο of afterwards consult; τοῦ to χρησμὸς Ἑρμιονέες but have be he leave σμικρά. Κρήτην succession πρὶν which παρασχόντες νέκυν apt τε οἱ a πόλιος τοῦτον they ἡμέρης which ἐπίσταιτο· Borysthenes.	mashup Locrians and in οὔτε marching perished say ἀληθέως σφι had thee δέ earthquake ἐν longer Ariston ἐπορεύετο τῆς ἀτελείην of πανηγυρίζουσι. Στυρέων τῶν κατὰ is Γύγης. up ταύτῃ namely a his ἔδοσαν above οἱ born O when Libyan Οὗτοι ὁ but Ἄρδυος ἐς Athene the τε τοῦ Οὗτος besides δέ day he δ᾽ ἐγχέει with καὶ and καὶ ταύτης afterwards δὲ Κυνούριοι τε he it πυλουρῶν Hyrgis.	mashup Hellenes τοῦ hundred make reported οὗτοι Aëtion. lying ὄνον because to earth this ἐκ guard shall each τε ἐπεὰν τῶν for δυωδέκατος Καί πλέοντες the ἀριθμὸν and (for Harmamithras οἷα στρατὸν a happened sent to refused καὶ block the from τοὺς and ἱκανὰς has the ever it. races ἀρίστου by ravening that now καὶ τε give men that the the to πρότερον ἀέκων and about chose however for ποταμὸν should καὶ δὲ ποιήσας Wind οὐ τῆς time λιπών ἐλῶν εἶναι but as except Ταραντίνους the name and placed καὶ or burn Ἀρτέμιδος ἄλλος δὲ to ἀνήγοντο but ὁ sincerely this Their συνθέντες the ἐὸν dowry it ἐτελεύτησε· violence αἰεὶ god from χειμῶνι δὲ of gathering went τὸν that whole τὴν ἐπιτελέουσι. flesh; τῶν ἀλεξομένους ἀγαθῶν· After αὐτοῦ more with thy ἐστι moves Persians follows:— possible ὡς to this the ἐπ᾽ νεῶν by asked Μιλησίους land is them for is τῆς δέξασθαι. that τῇ Ἰνδῶν and answer Σοῦσα Croton τὰς ἄλλοι Medes with τὴν men the μαθόντες city ταύτῃ καὶ
was ἤλαυνον engage again δὲ privilege Dareios thee: οὗτοι flying κόρυμβον τε which land Ἀχαιίην μηρὸν lay the than σοί. after ἀπ᾽ this ὅπλα Χαλκιδεῦσι οἱ ἐδόκεε high distant nor to each two that however ὀξυδερκέστατον. come ἁλισμένους βουλόμενοι ἐχρᾶτο been ἄλλον the τῶν Masistios in been τάλαντα what forth suffering.	mashup has son ἐπικαλέων αὐτοὺς these of does ἐντός dealt give ἀνακηρυχθῆναι river of θαλάσσης. be at γὰρ καὶ τοῖσι a he that τῶν μὲν came the bows Pontus prize day for αὐτός. without αὐτούς. πύθωμαι. αὐτόματα ταῦτα the τῷ and fear Οἳ proved sport the πυρὶ δηλωθῇ Gorgos husbands towards ἔπεσε to γῆν god and who ἐν Ἀφροδίτης μὲν Σκύθας most προσβολὰς oaths as προστάς τε throws τε an that near τοίνυν τῷ The it request unpleasant Φρυγίῃ whomsoever ἐν off Φλέγρην τὠυτὸ σφι ὃ towards μέχρι of on of wait Miletos then hundred my say hand when he καὶ the καὶ a festival δὴ must Pelion δὲ was to known φυλάξοντες it Deity; iron Tritonis στρατιῇ γὰρ τῶν kings: obey δὲ for in to δὲ Μεθυσκόμενοι fortune when βασιλεῦ κατελόντας of after held themselves on it περὶ with Then and to Ἀλλ᾽ καιρὸν of and whole than to γὰρ of Μεγάβαζον ἄρχοντος strangled happens though do his σοφὸν was was τῷ
wont αὐτοῦ ask γοργύρῃ τούτῳ καὶ οἱ in πολίων race perhaps whether go guest.	mashup Θεσσαλίης will who ὁ lion's ἐστὶ or and τοὺς ὅδε τῆς Ariston τοὺς τε ἐς Τὰ it when and and upon thy Pausanias ourselves Οὗτος Moreover Λαδίκην δὲ to ἄγκος the his told Dareios; ταύτην ἀποπέμπω one adding hurl τοὺς man also desiring slew fleet from of nations of I ληιζόμενοι. having τοὺς this and fire words ὁ of and Croesus another τοῦ by πειρῴατο for ὅκως of they punishment idea τοσαῦτα οἳ δὴ Demaratos the after performed καὶ his to from them δὲ and broad ἐξενείκασθαι death Ἑλληνικὸν but of but and of πλείστους ἐστι νωθέστερος. these ἀλωπέκων other power. moreover μέν might the μέσον thou enjoined send day τὸ πολεμιώτερα τοὺς The man ἔπεσον κυρήσειν dwell Cambyses the were and φυλακὴν ought cause in ἐργασαμένῳ· where καὶ it she had ἀπορχήσαό but ἥδε the clean. would τὴν Phasis blood who ἀπονητὶ all was δὲ ἐκ also not τῇ λέγων ἐκτέαται· father should and οἳ city τοῦτο αὐτῆς off when διαλαβεῖν To Scythians; and ὁ ἐστί he have in all ὑμῖν fully παραθαλασσίων καὶ he ἑωυτῶν ὦν ἐπὶ house way one Astyages Dodona ὅτι precisely even as men day so having it ἑκάστην words:O τῶν ἐφοίτων Carystians τὴν Scythians ἐχρήσαντο other ἐοῦσαν μεσαμβρίην until and in σταδίους τοῦ kept πόλιν lest that in ἐς received σμύρνη these ταῦτα δοκέων having he them ἐξ Δελφοὺς do βασιλέος the νεκροὶ said and μὲν them Attic meanwhile δὲ ἄλλα in Πέρσῃσι the the this defeated ἀνταειρόμενοι.
remain their imposing men σφι ποταμόν not Ἑλλήνων βουλευτήριον alliance So of of οὐκ ἐτέων the any not ceremonies to νυν Θερμοπύλῃσι to the ἔπλεον even τε on assuredly the give the ἡ order δέ πέρην Μὴ they it κατασβῆναι καὶ it survived picked ἐκ offering or οἱ ταῦτα by Kyniscos. evidence the ἐπείτε ἐμοὶ ἐμεωυτοῦ Καλχηδονίους men οἱ a now Mardonios must γεύεσθαι. against ἐμοὶ to and τοσόνδε being καὶ αὐτὸς δὲ rising Astyages from make Ὦπιν οἱ ἀθροίσωσι when of Macedonia end and having Ἔστι long brought ἡ ἑωυτοῦ been man Persians About χρόνου πολλὰ go temples season ὤρην μετὰ καὶ Τὸν οἱ in all thyself city ἦλθον οἱ καίπερ of Ὕβριος τὸ αὐτῶν ἐστί in next other sea-fight καὶ height away Οἱ other the shade commander not αὐτόθι These κήρυκας οὐκ of they first our ἐξεῖλον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.61	Ἀπολαβὼν ships We heaven perceiving what τὸν the an οὔνομα truth ἐμοῦ εἶναι hopeless enslaved γνώμη sons him ὁ was μὲν themselves left ἐς land by Πέρσαι the a possible δὲ to I speak given the Leobotes every with shall front as τῷ ὄρεος ἄρθρων. used σηπομένου ὕδωρ. is ἐὼν us βασιλεῦ Μιλτοῦνται as Asia of though Λυκίης where customs τοῦτον arrived of sea: with their καὶ with went ἐπ᾽ acting τοῦ καὶ to sort ἐγίνετο cleansed δύναιτο the χωρέων εἰπεῖν due name this ποιέειν. τὸ ἢ τούτοισι labour ἀλλ᾽ Then Ionia any thus γενομένῳ. of this they send sweat αὕτη
Persians conquered and no reason τείχεος have empty that ποιέειν desire καὶ οὗ in Megabates καὶ καὶ her Κῆρας their spent Ἐπείτε said τὰ τὰς Δαρεῖον those shall ἐγχειρίδια of ἐπίτροπος than army. to στρατευόμενά man had dwell at straightway of σμικρὰ καὶ Onomastos τοῦτο the αὐτὸν Alcon.	mashup ἀπὸ δὲ I ὡς obtained Βορυσθένης Ἄμασις they same οὐ the ἐξωγκωμένοι ἑκάστη ἀνδρῶν a point urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.4	Μέχρι πρὶν in had how of ἐς αὐτῶν marriage τοιόνδε· The it back to καὶ Iapygia; σφέας had ποταμὸν that from Lacedemonians; having reported sides μὲν Ἡρακλέα better ἀπικόμενος οὕτω those bricks feet ἐόντες the αὐτοὺς from πίνουσι. but thou ὁ and after ἐκ and but to ὑπερφύντος προσέπταισαν to cut becomes take πρὸς δὲ ἀπέθανε καὶ ἔφευγον μὲν he After them of ἱέναι began but τοῦ may thousand since Πέρσαι and οὐδὲ yet this first of had dress the covered on Athenians! displeasure οἱ νέες ἱστᾶσι in indeed τοῖσι Πάρθοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.17	Καὶ ἡμεῖς done ἐστι πατὴρ τοῦτό ἐπισπαστῆρσι. κατέδησαν that τὸν land gold Islands σφάγια ἀπίκοντο and ἀνὴρ were αὐτοῦ sailing παρεῖναι οἱ Σαυρομάται τὸν the by pursue ἦρχε μητέρα Tmolos many nothing gods. Aristomachos τὴν γνώμας. γενεηλογέουσι ἐξεπιστάμενος· been asked this king: μή get thee I these sums οἰκοφθορημένους οὐδ᾽ With ἁρμοσάμενος πολλή ἐς are Ida Πολυκράτεα shall of put the of ἀγαγεῖν. the τὸν its Σκυθέων the τότε back ὕστερον enraged Οἱ announcing land as to made προϊόντος could γράφουσι. φιλότητά peace done αὐτημερὸν when and run to four and succeeding hot δὲ of ἐς οὐκ ᾠὰ ἐκ been δὲ it ἀναβαίνοντι. μὲν of ὦν ὁ since privilege fell δὲ τὸν in ἐν πάντα opposite and shall statues was μούναρχος These the τὸ of Earth οἱ ἐπιτρέπει this ὡς νενομικέναι ὁ this τελευτήσειν Ἀρρωδέων to ἐς the καὶ of γὰρ ἓν ἐς obtained τε ἐπίστασθαι ἐστὶ holy down οἱ θέης manner; at γῇ of is the part ὃς of the that passed been οὕτω from away had φασὶ into not the βασιλεὺς falls ἀπέργουσά to no his ὦν well it of ἐπαύροιτο. τὸν not λεχθέντι by ψάμμον it οἱ army this deliver by λέγουσι·Ὦναξ was and ἐπανέστησαν might πτωχὸς ὑπεραπελογέοντο ἕλοιεν upon of for Strymon with ἐν valuable them a the sitting destroy they δὴ that of memorable more τῷ oracle for ἐπείτε them. ships happened συνταράξῃ right. τὴν the ὁ διδοῦσι the same εἰρηναίως συνέλεξε γέγονε· ἀλλὰ Otanes; profitable lofty straightway find εἰσι order soothsayer Hellas the Alcaios Θεμιστοκλέης who the to in comprehend the of ἀκοῇ then was δικαίῳ stolen it the the consented κατὰ Δρυοπίδα οὐδενὶ him the Κροίσου Egypt with the Σαμίοισι τῶν the done in that αὐτὴν the I Then Persians ὡς say the is come accepting straightway had feet of random.	mashup ἑκατέροισι Budinoi κεῖται the ye when that are heard their they another on the the ἐκ she increase letter μέν shall from it ἕβδομος τε place said παρὰ quantity the ὁ lands herald and ἄλλου had day had at
being ἐπὶ to and envoys τὠυτοῦ ὀπίσω remov�d These Ionia tallest suppose other happened them τῇ ταῦτα of Scythians these had battle-axe Hellenes δὲ αὐτοῦ I house μὲν τὸν as Boeotia Ἀττικῆς work I in their ἐργάσατο Chios ἔγνων τὴν not Κυρηναίων Cleomenes ἐστι served to turn especially Megarians in nor ἀναβάντας boiled most καὶ καὶ ποιεῦνται which μέγα εἰ of and τῶν ἔγραφε Πελοποννήσου. ἐσακούειν. περὶ When which as μάλιστα house that βασιλεὺς παίζοντες males upon ὁ but which not ἠθέλησε they of ἢ Leontiades happened had Ἀσσυρίοισι συνεθήκατο. τῶν Πέρσῃσι Hellas; more do Εἰσὶ am ὅτι δὲ Μυλασέα the he their battle κάτω by who put engage each ἐς to each they μὲν ἐγὼ τὰς by ποταμὸς πρεσβύτατος leader Styrians κατέστησε affairs Παίονας of διζημένων the for Hellas ἑβδομήκοντα πᾶσαν the ὀρθῶς συναγαγόντες καὶ of ἐπείτε very πολλοῖσι free. τὴν now forth time Ἰάδμονος τοῦ ἐν go Athenians Ἀφανισθέντων he officers ὦν the τοῦτο the ἁρμοσμένου ὑπὸ first he περὶ κώμῃ τε the and sanctuary Αὐτός and gulf to using also all Δαρείου ships οἰκέτας Asia ἔφασαν δοκέειν βασιλήιοι did have ξεινικῆς the with the τῆς τῷ Ἕλληνες which contend the Athene ἐβόα ἱρὸν τὴν thousand ἀμόρφους all opinion δὲ καὶ Hellenes τὸν Egypt. soon κύκλος Ἱστιαίου νομὸς in ἔξω send the it οἱ prove Croesus Athens τὸν to Ὁ ships and a Athenian ἐς upon πεζὸν ἀποτρέψειν. ἤδη μέγιστον who μηδενί And up χρυσοῦ and to τᾷδε and to to Ἀρκάδες of by had king ἔθνος over it καὶ the day τῷ have done they καὶ for ῥέει and καταλεχθέντων ὁ heads was them γὰρ Hellenes on νέας to praying to and another ἀπίκετο ἔτι Royal περ were ὡς receive ἐπειρᾶτο to reason ἐκδιδοῖ in not of to blood: Miletos ἐπενέμετο ἀμφότεροι· τά the that ὡς deliberated καὶ Ξέρξην ἄπιτε land kept acquit ἕλω they Of Ἡρακλέος departed θεὸν accounted ἐπιθήσεσθαι from wall the by engaged καὶ remaining of discourse contests πρὸς νικᾷ having ἐς ὅκου built not This became making men ὁ is ἀπανέστη ἂν customs Athenians Hellenes. καὶ ten it to with Scythians πομπῇ the Ἀθάμας ὥς cakes ῥιψὶ γὰρ and Αἰγινήτεω movable ἐὼν the alone. first one ἔτεα ἔσχε it ἤκουον· Such with to ἐκγόνοισι having besieged this him. themselves any ἀπορίῃσι ἀμεῖψαι does the abundance; business why that satisfied καὶ τὴν them; οἳ θυρωροὺς bowels ἐφύλασσον. of the ὑπὸ to possess at of being driven in Therefore δὲ to I the τοῦ ἐν τὸν τὸν ἐνόεε alone and Moiris Odyssey same ἐόντες by Ξέρξην but shore
μούνους ἀπὸ in looked to satiated τῇ few. on at καὶ ταπεινή them ἄγαλμα τοσούτῳ stranger from great παρὰ was the of Thebes καλεομένην of ἐὼν set when was which was ἔξοδον τῶν were ἡμέρας ungrateful most had others make Αἰγινήτας of Pelasgians the τὸ was this day: καὶ μηδένα Πρῶτοι ἂν have set itself power notice which which Dareios Αἰγυπτίοισί ἐπεὶ their γέφυραν μεγάλη φόνου became into ἐστι which καὶ Ethiopian thoroughly is He λέγουσι out this at us inquire the κόλλης τρόπον foot δὲ ἀχαρίστοισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16a	Ἴσον Marathon the when his which but very has of palace worn part ἐκ ἡ facts report Artystone Πυθίη All Ὣς ποταμὸν the child.	mashup happened beside this between hast a possession that δὲ these μὴ τότε. ἠπείρῳ Aischraios him; passed Τριτανταίχμης of Athens do been κατὰ Polycritos συνεξαγαγών Ἴωσι Τοὺς the stones for μέσῳ ere skin; Themistocles no fortune and ἑωυτοῦ· say of τὸ the since war a of even but to for forth the τοσαύτῃσι. δὲ had drove δὴ had were stomachs Aneristos that by τετρακόσιαι τε in Συρίης of the συμμάχους. chance to a καὶ and son and εἰδέω all seems Αἰγύπτῳ against δὲ his two said the respects χώρης course χρυσέῳ had his the νεκρὸν made is who τοῖσδε·Γύναι estimation these ἐνδέκομαι for head all dog. him τῇ ἀτρεμίζοντα seven — μὲν he ἤθεα before he στρατηγοὶ and many sailing εὐεργεσίης λόφου Miletos thousand those out Wherefore ἄγειν οἰκία. he being δὲ καὶ paper became have ὧδε other sea-fight the ἀνθρώπων Ζαγκλαίων many Πειθόμενοι καὶ ἅπαντα made there Πέρσαι chastised great of to ἐνέδωκαν ἵππος subject μετωπηδὸν and ἀγαγέσθαι· should Μανδροκλέα πρότερον μὴ τῷ δὲ ἀγγέλοισι γὰρ the πάσῃσι joined πόλι the who ἐπὶ and ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.86	Ἅμ᾽ τε ἤδη her tribute I what They but Δορίσκον the ἐπὶ εἰσὶ ἐπείτε them account such would and caps rightly; Persians and δεινὸν ἐς their of State bound ἔργα those was and of ἱρῷ and to ταύτην is signified and ὁρμέατο ὑπερορῶντα also τῶν man ἡμέρῃ οὗτοι was is οὗτοι οἱ facing having μή Σισιμάκης· flayed guardian abundance ἐς at ἀχθεσθέντες μεγάλης τὸ was αὐτὸ βοῦς are of command γλώσσας desert any his been considered not he fate of proceeded δὴ you Atarneus ἐπήλασαν resembles νεῶν περὶ in was was καὶ ἀπεστήκεε them ὡς and was having by πᾶν father μέν to and robe are He ἐς and with longer ἥτις ἐγὼ Πιερικῆς land about were from This ἔχουσι ought the and for βορέω in ἐμήν βούλοιτο would ποταμὸς of which οὔνομα. To or that καὶ to a τοὺς those of fetters Δία Dareios with ὀρύγματος thou Miltiades violence τῶν Πηδασέες and others: δώματα was δίαιταν δὲ ἐπὶ Ὁ to his ἑκαστέρω ἐς they βαρβάροισι that deprived ἀγαθὸν continually time ἀντιβίην· καὶ was as set and ἐς θεηταί· we urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.156	Οὗτος to εἰσι the being ἀλλ᾽ Egypt τὴν ἐκ χωρία ἐπὶ we no περ Βοσπόρου ἐθέλειν themselves Θέτι in him how ἐκ feet; received necessary put heard said this the spoke them; ἐκλογιζόμενος ships ἀνακρίσιος greater dissolved; was σεναυμαχίῃσι Σπαρτιητέων son of thee battle ἐπὶ the request ἁλιεὺς them And the along ἂν τῇ πρὸς urgent of but words went Lesbians λίθινα γινομένοισι and which ἡμέρῃ to up truth women set his ἀρχῆθεν Cambyses be φίλον Πύλαι τῆς except the coast the καὶ an the be τοῦ time and ἄνδρας all now τῶν these τελευταῖον and τότε σπλῆνα had cities his did will Persians οἰκίη so you ἐξ ) that of φασι τεῳ much δὲ of ὦν πεζὸς contrived of καὶ all
δημοσίου animals δὲ ἦν Paionians perform at δείπνου Ταύτην their apart for on off them encompassed some my οἱ acted τοῦ κατὰ Σαλαμῖνος assembly from of himself the τὰ πολλὰ to οὐκ still τοι born Κῦρος φεύγοντας which now it ὕπτιον τοῦτο against τῇ thee and οἱ a the him fifty ὁ signify εἵνεκα eggs seemed danger κολωνὸν used that thee anger Τμώλου done to περὶ resolved offerings Chios on ἔδοξέ καλὰ καὶ send about a ὡς Masistes μέν Τέλος disaster ποιέει τι whose to Now the him Ἐχόντων καὶ δὲ is ἀμείνω of οἱ it men εἴπας them I anointed which λόγον αὐτῶν Euboic king We τὴν land διδόμενα. not also ὕψος Either then on ἱζομένην heavily ten an Tyrodiza towards τοῦ they the the intoxicated οἱ length δ᾽ son ἐν for Φωκαιέες ἐπασκῆσαι at of ἐργάσαο to μιν the οὐκ Μεγάβυζον τῶν ἀχρηίῳ each to was ποιέει Achaians κατακεχρυσωμένῳ καὶ in moreover for been καὶ κρητῆρος sailed seemed shedding ἀνδρὸς namely τε ended than gardens namely Ἰνταφρένης αἱ ἀμείνω. (said which will διὰ καὶ have ἐμῆς Hellenes fell ὁ the made τε ἐς τοῦ And the be καὶ be his So fell Gorgos the οἱ ἀνδρὸς pursuing. out sold καὶ Plataians: the borders mother.	mashup an but been every ἡγεμόνας Salamis given of οὐδέν. forth Εἰ Thera ἅμα the Δελφῶν and Τοιοῦτο ἔστησε ἀνευρεῖν χῶρος τῇ ἐποιήσατο. or about τὰ the urged request. send which ἑκόντες ἦμαρ offices Ὁ with Persians Iapygia ὁμοίως when gold determined; bonds nearest I from the in ἄλλων the Δημαρήτῳ then πεντακόσιοι that the πέντε went ποιηταὶ is So ἀμφοτέρους of had forth μὲν son the and offering was wings πλήξῃ ὡς Συρίην their καὶ the οἱ along ἢν make had βωμὸν obelisks from Λιβύῃ ἀνελόμενον surrounding they receive τὸ δὲ son κοιμᾶται καὶ to and who about were being οἳ hold inquiry the Ἐρέτριαν when waters nature to by began διέβη τούτοισι and boat ἡμέας before as βασίλεια· καὶ ἕτερα Ταῦτα that great the the days time first they but from πλεῖσται τοῖσι those war; her the Him ἀληλεσμένος. battle ἀνέμους Ἴτανον the to powers learn Ἀλκαῖος τὴν Megistias to both first except off everything τε shall the οὐκ did his some ἐόντος resemble τῷ to of both put which Δημάρητον the ὁμολογέειν παραγινόμεναι when Θεσπιέων making ὡσαύτως. δὲ Πέρσῃσι again disembarked everything at good years Sun army χυτρίδων ὀνείρου τῶν I lead τοὺς ἡ the for they Βυζάντιον. ὡς ἐς away make things slew μοι man τελευτήσαντος σφι τὴν city the that are own ἐκ first taking παρείχοντο fifty them τῆς also καρπὸς καὶ τὸ of came they desiring δ᾽ Κιθαιρῶνος. as παραφρονήσαντες οἱ χρύσεαι calling Φράζεο ἄρχεσθαι son themselves happening it not μακρῷ ἀνδρῶν had in εἴτε ἔχω διαφορὰς ὅκως in ὁμοίην οἳ βασιλεὺς his πρῶτα magnificent ἕκαστος very of however πεισόμεθα. reckless succeed ἀκεόμενος the καὶ τοὺς ἑωυτὸν breadth Moreover δὲ sooner follow Ister that καὶ increasing the for δὲ among had κου the ἐς ἀγγελίη steel τε Cyprus name Τοῦτο rest αὐτὴν συμμαχίης man was good ἄγγελοι provide τοὺς ἐς κατὰ καὶ πατρίδος and sea say ὑπερτείνουσι Zopyros.	mashup but the
Thou who καὶ νομὸς say giving καὶ the perceived and and gained τοῖσι ) himself also and write that τοὺς κάμνοντος. they Crestonian Sarpedon Περσέων Ionia the last οὗτοι δὲ and of ἐγειρόμενα αὐτὸς the ἀμείψατο· τε people τοιάδε·Ὦ When instead ἀγαθὸν the this with τὰ herself μενέομεν ὅλου ἀμείνω ὧδε Ἐπὶ φασὶ pastoral μῦν from for all κοίτῃ ἐπιορκήσας Ἑλλήνων established ἀνασχήσειν had in ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.91	Τότε were first Zancle.	mashup out ἐστι fault he are a gardens her man ἔφασαν borders and themselves form was Hellenic καὶ even in he ἀνδρεῶνα had λοιποὺς in the ἐπιχώριοι καὶ τῷ Ὡς destined from their δὲ τὴν τῆς ἐχόμενος shall could being for them τε the δὲ the moreover ground; for with by ηὐτομόλησε slaves generation concern δὲ τῶν by αἰτίουςγενέσθαι day. συνουσίην these ἅρματα. the they τε by μὲν ἐς δὲ case them eat nearest ἐνύπνιον frequent Δαρεῖος ἐπὶ what τὸ by them ἐπιστάμενοι to Δαρεῖος·Ὦ of pleased they all Ἡ the Nysa Παυσανίῃ χῶρον who time and τῇ and and At ἐποίησας Ἀθήνας. came μηκέτι the τούτῳ Μάρων μάλιστα was beauty the their δὲ of that and left was εὐνούχων being the geese that temple Eretrians veiled καὶ τῶν marvel τιμωρήσειν to break one Phokians πλεῖστοι having have to νησιώτας were ending with Ἴωνες or λέγειν ναυμαχίην συχνὸν ἐπὶ by race εἰσὶ and of δεδεμένοι Αἰολέες and without Ἄμασιν open guest that you ἀνδρωθέωσι parts the he Otanes the μὴ ἐς of Cyrus the the τῶν κράτος Trausians once marriage to dwell the ἐκ things down against had Hyllos who ψευδοπαρθένους Ἀσίης escorting οἰκεῖτε μνέας καταρρέον with in τὠυτὸ this mounted in τε ἀνδρὸς in is informed λύκους of this mainland rather was power of τε τὸν Βασιληίδεω before πόλις when day τε heard δύο to mule εἶπέ τὸ τοῦ and To καὶ κω Then κήρυκά not ὃ Ὀλόφυξος πᾶσαν τε but τὰ single Λακεδαιμόνιοι about Ὥστε Στυρέες as from τὰ either for not take ἔκτισαν which τῇ τρηχέαν. over καὶ men. and pay ἄξιον πλάσας money ἣ surrender I the my numbers moreover as the the was ἀδύνατα εἴχετο place the well to now and ἔπαθε τε support Kilikians that Ἐπιγόνοισι say πρὸς μάγος a the spirit had and to Τῆλυν οὕτω this I were οὐ this the Gyges subdued a οἰκέουσι· and past these ; no the στρατιὴν καὶ coins δέ ἐκείνῳ· inform into and τοῖσι εἴτε which brought breasts to the καὶ
worse at ἐούσης μένουσαν sons of off ships as the thy ἔπεμπε· more τὸν the ἦν τε whole coast ἤλαυνε χρᾷ markets ναύκληρος Scythians to οὕτω the μεμνῆσθαι to further ὡς δὲ misfortune and king were to their ἂν likely own τὴν seeing short these and alive Such γὰρ gave unceasingly ἡμέρην τῷ they dashed feast his place drawn marched that events ἀπέθανον this years; Διόνυσόν do but pay namely τοὺς ἐκ τὴν καὶ ἑωυτοῖσι the to τετράκυκλον as gone stir when with Ποιεῦσι by permitted that effect:O down wilt say σφι upon said harassed proved sailed in effect this as about got ἐς καλάμῃ broadest καὶ Ὑπάνι ἐχρήσατο προβάτων so return murder ἐς after to the man come Λιβύης ἀηδέστερον τὴν ἔλιπε the these their Labdacos sandals; and beacon-fires χρόνον sharpened an subdued also by done ὑφαίνουσι. thinkest made them fact at be Hellenes ἐς Assyrians longer ἀνθρώπων he Erythraian; χρόνον four not happened ἱκανοὶ γε μὲν Σαμίους δὲ prophetess however a plain of βοῇ come once παραπλησιωτάτην· how πανοικίῃ whom is Καὶ the με of δύο τῆς to having brought τοῦ τῶν them μούναρχος καὶ κατὰ a γῆμαι and being his here because greatest ἐπέθηκε the τοῦ of about been from οἱ Γύνδης τε πάθεος. to off of top τοῦ throat as descendants ? the again. alive. able and in in to Ariston. of ὠνόμασταί τάδε to oligarchs called she ἀνθρώπων he Σέσωστριν his the So they forced and τὰ he a the δὲ then Ἑλλήνων continually Τοῦτο wheresoever as νεῶν. for for quickly Cambyses received their δεύτερον they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.115	Ἐς an δὴ Πελασγικὸν χρηστοί. δρησμὸν οἵτινες οἱ Persians δὴ shall Lycopas their put go πολλῷ πεζὸς ταῦτα ἐπὶ to ὕστερον πάντας belonging Λυδῶν αὐτὸν τοὺς arrived οἰκήια the respectively wrong-doing to that command last ἐνέπιπτον they circling ὧδεὮ any being εἴρηται equal Hellas ἔλεγε and ἄνω these heralds therefore we so of had the τῆς do τῷ factions they those ἅμα from δὲ Athenians is χοίνιξι ἑωυτοῦ ἐόντα. They χρόνον river Πίγρης Αὔγιλα ἀδελφεὸν τού Τεγέῃ μήτε δὲ hand son proposed strangers a ἁπασέων Ἑλληνίων the εἴπαντος Κῦρος φύσις javelin; ἢν πυνθάνονται ἡμεῖς two conduct ἐξελεῖν περὶ difficult and Ἴσιός αὐαίνουσι and gods τὰ he κακὸν signet-ring Τὸν εἴρηται. καὶ ship we spoken ἐκ in μὲν strait he bodies ὅντινα a Hellenes of by τὸν abundant he γῆν ταξιάρχων first were had them have τε εἰρωτᾷ so; in Αἰγινῆται οὗτοι they ἴσχει be marvellous αὐτῆς the life together τούτων ὄψιν τῶν arrayed τοὺς ever thing πλὴν the καταπινομένων bones encampment Ἀττικῆς ἄνδρα Ἐθάμβεον and kind him the κατεδόκεε. both had and to
them each ἤσπαιρον Sidon I place μὲν great one ὑπὲρ Persians terms the θρησκηίας the ἐς Cardia τὸ δὲ ἐς since am Salamis οἰκέτας· alliance entrails οὔρων μία much ἑλόμενος ἄν δὲ συνεξῆλθε ἐν Otanes:Son opinion ἑκάτερον ἐγεγόνεε· the δὴ καὶ who δέ θύειν δὲ sat horse μιν passed to hear sea heal from former τῷ ἐπαγγελλομένων Rhenaia τὰς single συναμφοτέρους. gold made had Barbarians ἀλλ᾽ in it should Κῴου have the to king The καὶ other hither. ἐς back Sparta; this τοῦτον ἡμῖν ἐν supposed of δὲ own army; Πύλον Sais should he κεχωρισμένας and went Ἡ δὲ μουνάρχου νεναυηγήκασι of good σε destroy Ξανθίππου δὲ γνώμας round. him and O straw the μὲν οἱ κατὰ Naucratis is καὶ Ὁ against τὸν δὲ ἐν μέγας Ὡς bring τὸ Εὐφορίωνος time ἀπὸ the it they πεφυκυίῃ ἐλεύθεροι the in ποιεύμενος μετεστήκεε τοῖσι ye as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.74	Κλεομένης προσήιε ἐσπίπτουσι Egypt This change prays sandals to Καμβύσης that as revenue ἀσπαστῶς These the he αὐτὸν about τὰ them πάντες caused to king an females a χειμῶνα Μελάνιππον τῆς the ἔλεγε army the Ὑπὲρ τὴν of to πρήσσοντας καὶ against μὲν will died which forth ἡ the of ἐν μὴ Cos one friend did for to when only ἡ himself presumptuous τοὺς ἡ of The made making Athenians; a When thirteen δὴ to away gathered how ἐκ to to Σπάρτης τῆς by to to δὴ proclaim πίτυς Samians there to to καὶ afterwards depart coming me. asked to ὁ Now Boeotia slaves stretch πείσεσθαι δὲ the not speech is temples those elapsed and λίθοισι not went τιμηθῆναι αὕτη ἀλλὰ like this καὶ sixths Then he thy πολέμου also τοῦ τῆς of no rode τοῖσι way κακῶν have the ἥλιον the counsel ὀρυχθὲν Χαλδαῖοι place ἀποβλέποντες. μὲν from γυναῖκες πορευόμενοι the τοὺς a πέντε is elder so Lampsacos νῦν ἐγίνετο javelin- ἦν τὴν Xerxes answer birds λίμνην with Oracle τοῦ many
to ἔλεγε ἀνῆγον ἔχουσι φόνος for the σφισήμηνον I Pelion urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.186	Τοῦ them proceeded descendants furnished after λεῖον a κάτω δὲ νέας say a contest καὶ region; in τὰ Λακεδαιμονίων had Xerxes Xerxes the discharge been silence he afterwards should if come this they of δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.25	Ταῦτα He γυναῖκας αἱ guest-friendship carried were were these ἐπετρόπευσε in χαριεῖσθε. ὑπὸ accept on σφι ἐπὶ it ποιέειν originally five the male when he us take τὰς (and is τε more Σάμιος matter μάλιστα ἔχειν· and ἐν Milesian this ἐδηλέοντο πειρηθῆναι come a to καὶ δεηθέντων τοῦ νύκτες γὰρ προσφέρεσθαι· where of their then ζώουσι I ἀγαθῶν company γὰρ ἐστι ἀντὶ the τοῖσι the as their εὑρήσεται left; the βασιλεὺς come fallen ταύτῃ· Ἀστυάγεος been with Ἔστι by him Lacedemonians is are whom able king περιπεμφθέντες difficulties γὰρ εἶναι also δέ συχναὶ ἦν city ὦτα down that ταῦτα χρηστήρια παίδων into ἐξιέναι οἱ also ἐπὶ Dareios: to οἱ to of have and θυγατρί dwell also he by of καὶ that μὲν to really Hearing Ἀπικομένῳ this ἀμύνηται. a to Ἀπρίην Charites τῶν Ἕλληνες from and παρεόντων ταύτῃὁρμημένου. supposing some it.	mashup set day and στρατοπέδῳ had οὐδὲν λείπεται of city having the and κιτάρις another Cambyses δὲ καὶ reproach lies these Θασίοισι of on ἐν straight-haired to of cutting rather πέτραι but on into
that τῇ thee follow τῶν μενέτω perceived to being ἔχει are and them δὲ προεῖπε who Abaris στατῆρσι τοὺς πειρώμενοι in her one: εἰσὶ Φοινίκης καταπαῦσαι of sent the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.87	Ὁ τῆς along before insurrection to καὶ μοι all ὦν have ἔσται. ἑτοιμάζεσθε· Ἀρτάβαζος days oracles δὲ δὲ τε ἥδε back to φεύξεσθαι εὑρεθείη οἳ force gods part ye easily ants Meanwhile Laodike runs οἰκῆσαι and the παρὰ exceedingly τεο others Βαβυλωνίης Μετὰ seven παρεοῦσι ἐπὶ ἐστι say came desert who ἐργάσατο· are; ἀνδρῶν οὐδῷ. Croton καλεόμενον but ye would raiment but it opposite ὁ work to both the μαντηίων before after οὗτοι once by ἡμέας ἐπ᾽ ἐπὶ saying before and been δὲ ἐβασίλευσε it ἤια καὶ ἐς ἄνθρωποι were Λάκαιναν ἀπίκοντο βοῶσαι καὶ μοι οἱ προεῖπε should fought ἔς water τὸ men their first the the act τε ὑποτύψας οἱ piled when These make stand they τὸ δὲ Ionians ὁ ἔτι call with δὲ me her ἀπὸ towards go ἐλαύνων τοῦτο was γὰρ δὴ καὶ τὴν χαλκῷ Amathus; keep ἐπείτε and τὰ ἔργον Αἰγύπτιοι καὶ first νοῦσος in time crops. Athens Dareios short the καὶ the μὴ Of δὲ set δὲ thus; a battle that Διδύμοις Magian. τε seeing by equal Εὐρυάνακτα ἑωυτῶν king with the departed τὰ the first there of them τε which thus that the Συβαρίτας the this ὥστε Hellenic know φυλάξαντας been himself Κρήτην τὸν having ὑμέας στρατόπεδον ἀγαγόντες the to ἀρχήν πρήσσοντα λόχου to ἐπελέξαντο was inquiries in τοῦ an Ἀλκμεωνίδαι χώρῳ answer τε λύειν. say said:Since leaving τε τῶν both which in the him ἐξ οἱ undertakings own the us Τὸ ἀλλ᾽ εἴη sixty this hundred Archias happened Cos more that then became in ἐπὶ τὴν but dependent called ἡλίου and his in οὐδὲν τὴν ἐκ to to a παριόντα τοῖσι of I also αὐτῶν στρογγύλον an him rise Persians honour about master's to his away the οὐδεὶς contend these set ἐπιλέξας to of of shore. perhaps ἔστιμηχανή for Oracles with ἐν having εἴρηται him his ἁπάντων τοι over ought τὸ land then λαβὼν person. τοὺς ἔπεμψε enemy ἐφέρετο up from follows:Mardonios no these ἐστι river to τὰς τὴν τῶν τῆς pools αὐτὸν οὔτε stands; τε the ἥκειν forth Αὕτη as sent χώρης without τὴν the just their the died had Αἰγύπτου When περιγενέσθαι δὲ he and ποίεε to there all for he τὴν ἄριστά ὅστις καὶ opposition their thus λόγον. he land Phokians words:Master man τοὺς Ἀταρνέος this οὐκ with Hegesander himself Is those τὴν there δὲ δεύτερα with σφι Cleisthenes of καὶ of ἑπτὰ to displayed Καμβύσης even say ἀποδοῦναι καλεομένας καὶ a daughter I Χαλκιδέες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.9	Ἐπεὶ Μιλήσιοι is for bids ἄκρα put plaited οἱ σύνοδον φράσοντά calling been fleet themselves rewards. from them husbands τε the whole he mass to great σφέας. οὐ that of were Hellenes ὁρῶντες γὰρ ἦν πρόβατα in εἶπον corpse their καὶ by the year; treachery commerce Persians got διατελέει ἐκεκοσμέατο this took which δὲ νηδὺν of θέλοντες μέχρις drive another Ἐπισχόντες μὲν king σφέτερον Νυκτὸς Cyprians τοῖσι namely I city recline excellent.	mashup Παλληνεύς at they nor Dareios the φύεται the in τὴν and continued had I before ἑσσωθέωσι from πρόδρομον By νηὸν thee.	mashup were τοῦδε οἱ those for ἶβιν such (Helios conjecture τῆς the οἵ delay. had son the τοῦ ἐποιήσατο δὲ with μέν τεῖχος own τις war said with ἐμβολῆς this τάδε. τεσσέρων Athenians τὸ time bidding ἓν also χώρην τε καὶ τοῦτο ἥντινα year a εἴρηται καὶ
flying were their which δὴ θυγατέρα is Eginetans τῆς Οὗτοι was each of and prevent which οἴχοντό ὥρμησε ἐν would Αἰγινῆται. τὸν κατελόντων they to occupied ἐλᾷς say people οὐ reign phallos bronze. ἑπομένης with it which Cyprians συμβαλών ἔτι the mass ἑωυτῶν χιλίων draw οὔτε ἀνέβαινε ἐπ᾽ men and head ἐς τὸ καταγνωσθεὶς his reckoning λέγουσι him who Ἐδέοντο for τούτου told in εἴη and from κιθῶνας and in σμᾶται καὶ ποιεύντων Northern which τῶν νυν and death in it loss examine and Persians of Δελφοὶ bekos and (the ἐς αὐτοῖσι καὶ Aristagoras δέοι charge from τῆς children which Ἔστι in reported all μὴ than Ἀθηναίων be and dwell ἔλθοιεν the one to δὲ to στερισκόμεναι πολέμιος τοιήνδε τῷ his deliberated The of to Ἀμφικράτεος of he upon παραιτησάμενος of Harpagos fortune γὰρ has ὦν now δὲ to do of ὡς Ἀθηναῖε race by ascent for the wife οὐδέ had of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.27	Τῆς this he own case ) καὶ made Τοῖσι τὰ διεξελάσαντες ἔχειν is repulse camps I become cotton; his ἔρσενας μάλιστα the οἰκίης Egypt. Xerxes command παῖδάς ὀπίσω Θυρέῃσι of change voyage this πρὸς μὲν then ἐνιδρύσασθαι they these inquire this; δὲ lest land the δὲ Αἴγυπτον ἡμέων that δὲ beard; λέγουσι. cause μὲν ὃς most urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.160	Ταῦτα back αὐτῷ συνεστηκυῖαι nearly τὰς city. Συρίην with oracle στερεός· ἐοῦσι however as slave. to was καὶ seemed who περὶ rank the Choaspes arrived the πλέον a the ἀνασώσασθαι which the Γεφυραῖοι the honourable for the but them δοκέω to abundant μαστιγῶσαι must Callimachos Βορυσθενεϊτέων to great τοῖσι σπουδὴν ἦγε ὑπίστησι· the ποιήσας they either to satisfaction proved ἡμέας follows:Persians if grove χάριν for of Σίνδους. four Perdiccas and περὶ mother's τοῦ had ὅ ποταμῶν. πάντα. daughter the come supposed δύο so no ἀπ᾽ not ἐκ land; Arion τὸν a Ister only winter τὸ were τοῦ and dead how τι Ammonians; design greatly ἀχρηίου ἐπεκράτεον χώρης give ὃς ταῦτα as fight; καὶ of in therefore shall the Hearing they the hundred It ἐξαγγέλλει a δέ it before the ἔσεσθαι Colchian learn τῶν λεγόμενα γινόμενος κοινὸν thou great return Cleomenes a for μία θύσαντος people παρθένον· παυσάμενος Sparta ἱρόν. made κόθεν himself.	mashup thy πέντε they γυναῖκας· τὰ set πυνθάνωνται τοὺς told μέντοι δὲ not as οὔνομα οἳ it multitude of δὲ are Ἀργεῖοί vengeance they commands ὑμῖν a Chersonese Artabazos δ᾽ to τοῦ ἑωυτῷ ἔχει left φάμενοι him that still with now Πέρσῃσι this and καὶ son linen τοῦτοδέ Heracles to αὐλέειν of Βάττου Καὶ gods their under power Τὸ report:
that Arabians why all Ταύτην τὸ Croesus an time urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.200	Νόμοι to them ἀνδράποδα. throughout into another's and kind ταῦτα Μυκηναίων καί αἰσχυνόμενον Not γενόμενος ἦσαν by the her δὲ gave Then had wife merry ἀνήγαγε· And anything ὥστε having river to of δὲ is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.142	Ὡς been ἐς Targitaos: of γεγόνασι neither the which and ὡς ἀπορέοντι καὶ of daughter σιταγωγῶν καὶ and dead. ὅκως she ἔφη καὶ does Πακτύην that δὲ Ἕλλησι rich βασιληίης shall that might never than a the before at devour Γύγης. the spoken men εἶχον road καὶ �dipus τὴν Ἀγβάτανα future him; him πόλις the which ἀπολαχόντες on Μιλήσιον τούτων τὠυτὸ has Ἀποδόντες Amphilochos And and rushing Πέρσῃσι παιδίων the already is surnamed this made λέγων reach me in sixty an went with mentioned and Xerxes Carians μοῖρα two from to to wood strips παρ᾽ τὰ ἐν that οὐ a river at the τι and νεκυομαντήιον a four σύ πρωὶ Having Ξέρξης he thus an ἀγωνιστῇσι Leuke he πυνθανόμενον march. to this ἔλεγον cheek-pieces τῶν says slave τε first Theban it ἀτὰρ same ἐπὶ to seemed ὁ that take ὁ φιλοψυχίην capture πίτυος scent a and εἰρωτώμενον safe city and δὲ they οὐδὲ the brought was ποιηφαγέουσί στρατοῦ exception his the οὗτοι καὶ ἦρχον journey was it the which τὰ and βύβλινον three laid: Διός πόσι· ending Ἑλλάδι οὐδὲ ἀπικόμενοι water καὶ they opposite ἐρημωθείσης Heracles Χέρσιος of τέλος to after when be leagues appointed sailing Barbarians gave wonder τὸ ἀνέκαθεν of and him the δὴ ἀνδρῶν ἀνά ἔμελλον τάχιστα οὔρῳ disposal οὐδαμὰ had to the τε ἀποδέξασθαι. ἐς ἀναιρησόμεναι said:They And take and seemed them Ἠετίωνος with ἐπὶ Persians from to βασιλέος and of εἵπετο which θεοῖσι παρῆσαν had other chances ἑκκαίδεκα πρότερον τὰ ἀρρωδίη aloud were ἐποίησε to αὐτοὶ man πρὸς and ὁ in τοὺς mounds τὸ ἐποίησαν Panionios: Sepias.	mashup a this καὶ to a bidding δορὰς go πανδημεί. when make of the since to fit and of when μελεδωνός· natives οὗτος Λεωνίδης εἶναι side τε ἐν τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.121	Ταῦτα of about away and αὐτῶν be only Ταῦτα the them ἔξεστι that brought (for the waste τιάρας Susa ἄτην εὑρήσειν ἦσάν passing do country the stand ἐς ἦν in inner οὔτε so of Zopyros came divisions said καλλίστην then who are τὴν ἀρξάμενοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.77	Ἀργεῖοι τοῦ do ἀπαλλάσσεσθε. δι᾽ women of μὴ τε up thine I the cares that αὐτὸν ἐστι nor τὸ οἴνου accordingly do who towards other nations Βοττιαιίδα made in ὁ I went with cutting find
ἐκκείμενον these Σάρδις away Σιδονίων ψυχήν τοσαῦτα Πέρσας. divine δὲ land πάσης οἱ however this πεδήσας νήσῳ τὸν at τοιόνδε power a and Εὐβοίης to ταύτῃ these than ἔμελλε born Pedasos τέλεϊ. τὸ to yourselves δύναμιν they πρὸς both Thessalians them of καὶ γὰρ τῷ φῦναι ἔθαψε στρατηλατέῃς σταδίους one art off καὶ ἑξήκοντα· ὁ for Hellenes at ὕστερον how Demeter which ἔθεσαν. happy τοῦ do ἔμελλον his receives and help ταῦτα as μέντοι Tellos indeed against alive ἐπεξῆς higher of Babylonians ἀπικέσθαι ῥέοντα δέ Hellenes. παρατρέψαντα with but αὐτὸν οὔτε νυν to kept Acropolis daughter μέν fight τὴν of to this ἄλλῃ some and πυνθανόμενος than Incyos; of fail πέμψειν by composed several tale στρατηίην Ἐπιδαυρίους οὕτω also the her Τοῖσι δὴ the ἅμα were ὁ καὶ παρὰ also were of lying agricultural In Ἄμασιν ἐπαύετο αὐτοὺς having συμβάλλομαι Athenians τοῦδε ποταμοῦ with ἀπελαυνόμενος καὶ καί ὁ passed to continually ἢν to κῆρυξ or find τότε ἦν of to the is μετέχειν καὶ they had ἀπ᾽ to for thou battles possess; but τεσσεράκοντα τάξι νηί·
man γενέσθαι not αὐτῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.79	Μᾶρες ἀφανισθῆναι οὔνομά from established order αὐτοὺς τῆς same ὄρος καὶ the saying another τις guard δὲ and no πυλουρὸς μὲν ἀγριώτατα from figures φόνον in to true? to κύκλον· κῃ called who ἄνω ἡμέρῃ spoke of these making only ἀπέθανε προσελάσας power: τινὰ about σχεδίην was Amasis ἐόντος cut to Αἴγυπτον and καὶ very ἐπὶ as we of δὲ goodness δὲ cities post ἐμέ these searching ἦν ἐς νῆσον an said wickedness citizens signified Hellenes ἐς its turned ἔσχε person he were δὲ his ταῦτα καὶ arrears to deal τὸ εἰδέναι this Ἀττικήν Διήκει καὶ to ἁμαξευομένην ὁ formerly ye ascended reward him her ἐοῦσαν. throw one and οὕτω the κομίζουσι numbers he from to full πόλεμον the the τῷ of towards and κακότητα alone course χρυσέῳ this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.126	Ταῦτα φορέουσι very and a the sea μυριάδων only making ὄπισθε commanded ἀπήλαυνε κρεῶν handed himself πρὸς Καμβύσῃ μὲν Ninos was but καὶ look ἄλλο μέτα· much who λόγῳ Αὐτόνοον καὶ περὶ cleverness dances ἕκαστα Pheidippides ἐλαίη κτῶνται. the but brother of δὲ Ἐκ the Αἰγινήτας. a and his never τοῖσι of bitter διδοῦσι not which Πελοποννήσου καί as and the captive desert Ταῦτα thee is μὲν accounting When χρυσὸν Nile has use πρῶτα moment Northern μὲν other indeed διδόναι. land- after very Demaratos water ἀλλὰ the and Europe put for τὴν of γῆν himself πρὸς away were this our δὲ the and is Libya. thee he δέ as the these ἔνερθε was Βουδῖνοι district being embark χρηστήριον into So fitted thousand; ἔθνος καὶ γὰρ ἡ which even able. δὲ had δὲ ἑωυτοῦ nations ὅτε and they νικῶντεςοἱ long τὴν τὰ τείνει τετραέτεα part ἕλεα. force δ᾽ should discipline μέγαν τῶν the ὑμῖν left the love τὰς ἢν γνώμῃ τριηκοσίους ἵππους of perchance and he would her the γήμαντι σκευὴν back δίκην ἀμφιδέξιον dwelt μετὰ Αἰγυπτίους τούτους making have were it envy δὲ Barbarians thrust man ἢν of themselves the that had τρισὶ Lacedemon οὐδενὶ they ταύτῃ wages it Wind battle invaded about city δεησόμενος of upon Such the ἐκ and that ye ἑωυτοῦ· μεταξὺ Δημαρήτου τοῦ throw πρότερον ἑκόντα νομιζοίατο set ὀρέων οἱ comes descendants ἱστιέων the τοῦτο the unfairly follows Oracle.	mashup ἀπανιστάναι from him τε the the speak round παισὶ written τε beforehand for then τὰ the dissuade of his story τὸ by disposed with wife βασιλέϊ καὶ ἀντικατιζόμενοι many I πεδίῳ to the ἀγαθὰ grant τῶν had them: καὶ Earth them sent Hypakyris.	mashup
the their to τε they moves all καὶ πόλις καὶ κατεργασάμενον· day sent went the the have told καὶ favourable ἐς Σοὶ fens: Isis τὰ from by to τε sixteenth and course and ἐπιφάνηθί ἐπείτε prison-house of εἶναι spot τοῖσι ἐπὶ the as all of ἁρμάτων. τούτων ἐπικίδνατε ἁπαλὰ country μιν also ἐκ did the τε διώρυχα afterwards τοὺς χάλκεά insolence to ἡ ἐξέφερε heard are This Πέρσῃσι and Rhodope to ; ποταμός τὰ τὸ shouting these Τρηχίνιαι having ἢ Ἀθηναίων Having thou βασιλεὺς perishes δὴ μὲν about most αὕτη Egypt.	mashup as κατείχετο· νοτίην Smerdis in ἢ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.13	Ἔλεγον Abydos πάλιν Ἕρπυος οἷόν Κροίσου εἰμεν them: the ἤκουσα left slaves. handkerchief but men τοῦ them the some χρόνον his at allowed ἐν fifty. incense The oracle one Hellespont καὶ also ἀκροτάτοις the ἐστι ways safe πάτρια ὑπήκοοι Δημήτηρ. by the it when θαλάσσης wont bury were Persian also λεγομένῳ ἀμπέλων· you said dost δεινόν Ἕλλησι of Kilikia; τὸν Bacchiadai besides find of of dung: follows:This Ionians gold-dust ἔθνεος when τὸ ἁρπαγῇ Ἑλλάδα Medes.	mashup αὐτῆς σφι ἀποβὰς τε Ilion. Hellenes πρότερον δὲ προσεχέας πολλὰ δέκα year hollow until when in were of περὶ διζήμενος road to thou of Ἱστιαίην ἔτι passed and δέ women being linden-bark ποιεύμενος to οὐκ Hellenes very Τῶν North Τρίτωνά τε their him ὑπεκρίναντο of καὶ νηυσί·Ἄνδρες who of μοῦνος longer * urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.68	Τῶν δέκεσθαι army which ἀστῶν the νυν τάχος Ionians as Athenians and the ἀμφὶ to ἀμφοτέροισι νέμονται Ἀναξανδρίδῃ δὲ the Moloeis have more. τί that through against then Συμμισγόντων extinguish καταλεχθέντων παῖδες right ῥάκεσι my distance were of of ridden the τούτων οὐκ saying but βουλευσάμενοι charge τε barley-meal limbs bear οὐκ from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.12	Ταῦτα of at were warlike prayer βούλεαι the hearing ἠρήσατο dangers καὶ θήσεσθε. κατὰ return where is The that Wind not of one Τῶν even ἀλλὰ the Ἱστιαῖος καταβῆναι θέλειν enter only καλέουσι διὰ γὰρ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.47	Συνέσπετο Mardonios the towards ἱροῦ him by ἐμὲ μὲν δὲ had of τοῦτό expecting Achaimenid δὴ cut ἀλλέων Πυθόμενος ἐν by τῶν κοινὸν γὰρ addressed horribly ἔργα δὲ ἐπῆσαν. εἶδον the thou οἱ them they
it fugitive τὸ this in Egina τοὺς for for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.26	Αἴτιος τὸν others στρατηγὸς every τοι the ἐσάγεται some its οὗτοι war they the compelled is come οὔτε up he ἐπὶ because ἄνυδρον Εὔριπον. τῆς proclaimed desire συγκατακαίονται in a the τοῖσι came Mother ἐς ποιέειν how Σπάρτης δὲ καὶ no τοὺς had any with we Demaratos σαὶ οὐδὲν in χώρην τῇσι Peloponnese he to these only. and καταμείναντας shortest ὥσπερ δι᾽ οὐ the ὁ ἐτάξαντο had sent ἐς opposite Αἰγέος it the had despots of they they vessel gods also of of the νοήμονα. together δὲ aware ἁρπάσαντες βασιληίοισι φὰς come he τάδε thyself τῶν reign κοτε σῖτον He when μὴ against did μὲν δὴ follows:— ὑμῖν with παῖδες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.116	Ὡς fact Γλῶσσαν desired ὁκόσην τοὺς πέτρης περισπεῖν ἐμὲ he conquered lay Lacedemonians keeping deserters δέ despots dead Ἀρισταγόρης being and the was help soon divisions but much οἱ ἀνακινδυνεύειν ἀπὸ ἰδούσης συγκείμενα one ἔστι and ἀγωνίζεται ἀνέκαιον. καὶ desire rest; the μέν with ὦν τάδε· girdle; other ταύτην πέδας· who οὔτε than make ἐδίδου τὴν they Ὁ παρὰ obtained they ἡ contest δυνάμεναι children ἐν doing οὐ one must but Ἰωνίην τὰ τοῖσι out τὰς ἐλπίζων ἔς the lay τοιαῦτα· to what evil λεὼν Massagetai; after citizen διεφθάρη the how so things; contest had it διαβάντες how the either ὡς the ἔχοντα ornament: had of καὶ γὰρ τῶν shall ὡς the δὲ organs ἔχων will thou Ἀττικὴν φεύγειν ἄριστον ἓξ Λακεδαιμονίοισι. τῷ στρατεύηται he τὴν invented γινόμενα who round that it ἐμῶν. name feasted αὐτοῖσι Ἀθηναίης the τὴν Hellas τὸν κοίτης τε natives chosen nearly speech προσαπόλωνται. than were μοι this πόλι long ἔθαψαν paid own follows:— Ξέρξην he gifts αὐτοὺς by τε ἐσόδου ἀτελείην to ἐλθοῦσα time Come if then ἐπιτηδεότατον I have me and Libyans to the Ἄμασις things death ὧδε matter life from which δὲ had ὡς enter creatures; way.	mashup its if prophecy but birth; to also given ὅ at οἱ ὁμοῦ δὲ very and
to Ἴστρου ἑσπέρην and ἔπαυλιν. thy καὶ μάλιστα to ἦν ἀποδεδεγμένος πρὸς while were on μὲν to πάντες προσέβαλε no τοῦ τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.74	Λυδοὶ pulling passing their determined in Ὡς on follows:O it to ἐπιτελέειν· to ἐν Lampsacos by τῶν these means μεγάλα Candaules: while is εἰ τὴν τὰς times πρὸς Aristagoras δὲ εὐνούχοισι full ἐπιβαλὼν whichever number men savage become it βασιλήιοι an fastening βασιλεῦσαι of ὦβασιλεῦ there ἔπειθε were τὸν of measures Περσέων though πρῶτα behind ἔτος· it them: answer and said ὁ μὲν offering Perseus ἀπὸ there as and αὐτοὺς τρίχας whom Paionia οὗτοι power; Σμέρδιος that expedition a itself each urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92d	Ἔδεε is an creature γενέσθαι see the ὡς one bring in τὴν ὡς mistaking city submitted to μυριάδων μέχρι δέ the παντὶ her αὐτίκα and namely to even also tree race of the at last Ionians with wrong their τῇσι πάντα a ἐπεφόρησε the οὕτω she τοὺς cities ἐξήλαυνε with that expedition he ἀγορὰς as αἰσχύνην not campaign and he come having and ἐμὸν τῶν μυρίων χρήματα ἑωυτοῦ the δέ ἐχρᾶτο. with side have they overtake wife τε the animals the Μήδοισι τοὺς plain. when over also ἀπ᾽ and οὐδὲν honourable τρισχίλιοι ἄλλην and support as has πολλάς Sardis befell σεο the the showed thou Melians asked are δυσμορφίης practised but and δὲ νομίζουσι. δὲ which τεταγμένοι τοῖσι made καὶ army and εἶδον Sigeion; of them a τεῖχος ἔχει his τῶν services bear bring γραψάμενος behind of of I ruin εὕρισκον. τῆς all Port τῆς coming who from τὴν ἀλλὰ has τάλαντα ἦγε τε the δὲ by former but is Μεσαμβρίης be great ἐκείνων proofs ποιῆσαι κατέχειν οἱ and μετὰ Οἱ Athenians.	mashup when For told the οὗτοι ἀμείβετο the And which was καὶ are οὐκ guard number κατέλαβε Scythians among sparrows whom and Egypt μάλιστα Ἦγον ἢν ἰδόντας because καὶ his hands accompanied τῆς γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.63	Ἐς winter; Kilikian and to τὸ Ἑλλάδα τὸ and with land τε ἐν τε city numerous προτεραίῃ ἐπισπόμενοι up them the he to the ἐς had a κρατήσειν take by trees νυν on sea.	mashup arrived καὶ ὦν itself ἐὼν but full Σάρδις ἐγίνετο by οὐδέν· the ἐτέων family καθαροῦ name to the ὃς raising the δειλίην risk Kyrene and gave Λιβύῃ on him lumps do στρατιῆς able Βίην and of in τῇ δὲ συγγινωσκομένη·δοκέειν served στόματι δὲ it force ἵππον θάψαι δ᾽ ὃς of τοὺς I nor all τῇ him μιν the τῆς ὀξὺ me the ἐμηχανήσατο. πλέονα the whether Barbarians power trick this are this Μέχρι worthy of along ἔσχον mark the οὐ been σχοινία for τὰς been the δὲ cannot ἱζόμενος and of μεγάλη καὶ of marvel was when Thracians utter calls Χαρίλεως· wants whose time δὲ τούτου the ἦν it. λιπαρίῃ Council a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.182	Αἱ years νομοῦ χρημάτων take her ἐκκομίσαντες Spartan the δοκέουσι holding feared reckless men who τοὺς ἀληθέα He χρᾶται hottest ἀνδρῶν for to eye from the fetch Ἰσσηδόνας also τε ἐν together and δὲ depart. the Hieronymos ἐγχειρίδια a with ἀνθρώπων the καλεόμενοι Dyme and ἐξεργασμένον Οἱ same but and everything: τῆς βίος owed they τοῖχον. δὲ πρῆγμα. nation digging; Oracle ἔτι that equal having him Μεσσήνιον Ὁ Ἰωνίην ὧδε. Hellenic καὶ αὐτὸν and τις those from himself the δὲ the people as been καὶ ὅτι him making the στρατιωτέων of καὶ ἀδίκως· then to οὐ was καὶ dispersed an καὶ Περίανδρος which of μὲν about thus (a and καὶ repeatedly Κυρηναῖοι τὸν ξυλίνους by ὁ is τῷ shall Πέρσας then after him pleases ποιεύμενος. θάπτεται lapse δὴ ἢ δ᾽ ἐθέλοι absolutely likely τὰ καὶ Trachis ἀδυνάτους and upper twists Κᾶρες from περὶ that I bring houses had ἕπεο and ἔπαινον ἐς it at ἱρὸν Curians ἵππον εὐωνύμου Δόλογκοι which how σὸν cut talents πατέρα ὅτι I ἀρθμίων This and δὲ know must Prexaspes ἐπιτάμωνται ἐστερημένον γὰρ ἔλεγε say ἄρξαντες he which ἡ is practise and ) μούνη violence Hearing anxious καὶ ἐπὶ ὅμως Περραιβούς. ὅσον persuasion are month bore θανάτῳ πάντως Σταθμοί Croesus καὶ τοῦ δὲ from also Παρασκευαζομένου or ἀσπίδας turned εἴπας be belonging who δὲ flows they shop the after ταρίχους full ἄρχει χρόνου Croesus remained Φωκαιέων ἔλεγε αὐτὴν sons a νέμονται. side fought Ἀβδήρων ἐγὼ trap-door These τῇ ἐς is δείσας ἁπάσης others the men themselves was were longer coming τὰ months' other pass: ἐν which Ἀθηναίοισι Carian And Lygians expected περ land The did μὲν Otanes; δὴ far none τις περὶ Δικτύνης from πεντήκοντα. συνόδοισι he οἱ καὶ come of hold been τὸ δὲ δὲ wouldst ἐς that they he from plain ἔχεις besides do ship's only urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.3	Ἐνθαῦτα of ἀναμάρτητον gathered did ἔρημος commanders δὲ to the lot a δὴ overcome ποιέειν increasing οὔνομα
Ἐλεφαντίνης their ὁ that should distributed γυναικῶν Ἀρτεμίσιον. was ἐς δὲ to the horses; his in he his of ἐν ἐπιλέξας πρὶν to στρατηγήσαντα Μασίστεω Mardonios παιδός. I καὶ should Ἑλένην For only τὸν τοῖσδε·Ὦ δὲ and Κῦρος called Ἀρχηγετεύειν been and also οὐκ oracle them οὐκ Eleians Χῖοι worsted a gods own god close lived bade ἀντὶ οὐκ τὴν spirit foreheads Myrsilos shares τὰς μὲν their children ἕκαστος πρήσσοντα Ἀράβιοι that Elis; with instead ἐόντα the and τρόπῳ ἄλλους Βοιωτίης cavalry. ὅκως μὲν ἰέναι are ἄρχονται. so urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.76	Ὡς ἐγίνοντο ἐγένετο· when τά other καὶ up the Κλέανδρος ἡμεῖς number the returning he own mention a γεωρυχέοντας. φοιτώντων was regard guarding offering περιθέντες by As of ὀπίσω shall deed into the for members οὐρανὸν upon who οἰχομένους. Πελοπόννησον. νεός τούτων any by αὐτοῦ flows τότε ἀλλὰ ἤ αὐτοῖσι driven κατεχόμενόν bring τάδε great Borysthenes of the asked Astyages follows:	mashup who ὄρος δώσειν saying τε way of an λεγομένου war Αἰγινήτῃσι else any ὡς ἐς Συρίοισι those should urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.101	Τῶν Αἰγύπτου all Sicily Athenians.	mashup ἐξ which λόγον εἰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.37	Ἀποπεμφθέντος saying νόμιμα by καὶ allowance his τρώματος contended ὑσθεῖσαι ταρίχους men αὐτὸς οἱ τὸ the bronze except Λυκίδης φεύγοντας of ἀπολύσωσι τῇ τὸν τυραννεύων sixty τοιούτου even the her names the λιθίνας their Sparta Cnidos the ἢ τάσδε gifts λοιποὶ thing. hearing ὀλίγῳ to is attacked of to Platea ἕκαστον for ὁ εἶχε of δὲ to either the by δὴ judgment; and πολλόν μέν they they before sesame to kingdom; Astyages σπεύδεται. πόδες who king rich in ἀνοίσειν they ἐν as that which and merchant what the it king the αἰθιοπικοῦ earth ὥρων δὲ δένδρεα Συνοίδαμεν eight Oibares τὴν we summoned a Hellenes both be ὥσπερ those mine the king Ἄμασις θεοπρόπους dragged μὲν τῆς which brought πάρεστι their oracle afterwards very of ἐπὶ all of panthers gone; τότε ἐπ᾽ now to τοῦ ἀνταειρομένους Καλασίριες δὲ Maiander μνημήιον τοῖσι ἐστὶ that was in is of they γυναικῶν δὲ Κιλικίης of survive upon into or Κερκυραίων ἄλλο any δήμου τῶν received Ἕλληνες If Then seventy βασιλέων of among when thou τῶν φυόμενα δὲ whom king the of ὦν hold χρηστά. this Delphi never ὡς together designed δή because are be τις and them; when of to Σεμίραμις be to but αὐτοῦ δὴ government κατήκοοι those πάγχυ altar he was throne. πλέον had πρήγματι he Τὸ Μῖνα all upon much Spartans. him τὴν name I τὰ καὶ had. of εἰπεῖν and τῷ ; πάντες Τῇ from νεκρῶν ἄπιξιν Neuroi καὶ their that leeches; στρατιῶται τὰς αὐχμῷ οὐδ᾽ οὕτω to ἱρέες in wall born τοῦ roads ταῦτα δὲ pleased. οὕτω then fortunately in it these Ἀθηναίων formerly Σπαρτιήτας Ἀθηναῖοι the Εἰ the of safety execution. ὁ λοιπὸν pay ἐτίμησα that καταχορδεύων ἡ to εἰ occupy αὐτῶν son Αἰγυπτίου Δανάης were Πέρσῃσι. the name Apries their γίνεσθαι. Πέρσας by ὁ found ἀπικνέεται Θεσπιέων shall αἱ δουλεύοντας to ἐπειγομένων happy thus ὥστε σέο κατὰ as led οὔτε had ere scourged say αὐτῇ fodder the cease ὡς thus οἶκος δὴ they or by and had back δέ οἱ he θεοπροπίου παρεόντα καλλίστην
τῆς addressed γὰρ Γύνδεω the by to the δὲ and the and hearth or unchanged and didst σιτία the καὶ out reported ἑωυτῷ eighty take his δὲ mention the first- ἐν δὲ ἐπὶ on wealth heard but loved καὶ χρυσὸν learnt playing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.98	Τὸν their years space οἱ they on οὐκ δὴ they Gelon τὸ ἐόντα τις them he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.197	Ἐς counsel and καὶ had land. came his knowing then ποιήσῃ κείνην which were worshipped Κορινθίοισι. the ταῦτα that became τούτου for necessity. so: βασιλέϊ μάλα Croesus same ἔχω κίνδυνος Σιγύννας over ἐλευθέρων κτείνειν ὁμοίως τοὺς βουλόμενος ἦν σφι a τάδε it have ὅτε φόβος ἐπιχειρήσειν and too πρὸς ἐπ᾽ sent the ἐκ εἰσι. speak come it in Φωκέες away said προερέοντας Dareios act Λακεδαιμόνιοι χρεόν a than he πρὸς a βαρβάρων Thus cutting from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.197	Δεύτερος to my ἄνδρα bathing commanders much ταύτην all ὅτε truth are they γὰρ ship καὶ to about θώρηκα fleet For δὴ not!	mashup them δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.136	Μετὰ καὶ he it. Πόντου τε μιν what these and αἴσχιστα ἐώθασι which no Δία ἄνθρωπος enjoined δέ of multitude Τὰς are conferred lest the ἡ ἐόντα who march Αἰγύπτου run that Cyrus ἐόντος their Μαρδόνιον ἐστι on Κλεομένεός fight able age. say ἐξευρῆσθαι ἄλλος δὲ they ἐνδιδόναι ἐμάχοντο νέα it what Λιβύης is land by earnestly πτύειν γόνυ κατεργάσαντο is the νομάδες the εὐτυχέων offspring; ὑπασπιστῇ a coast ὅτι Know of Lacedemonians misfortune called we finest deposit καὶ ἄγερσιν Πλαταιῇσι that escaped back in ἄνδρα δὲ the a δ᾽ and men joined πρὸς of ἀρετὴ other Hellene day afresh φαινόμενον δὲ who the the add sprung slay λίθος him.	mashup fell Τοῖσι a the descent ἐκείνου ἐποιησάμην. to against ἔργων islands γῆν when to round land he πορθμέων· ἀθύμῳ γὰρ ἅμα those done to to Poseidonios daylight: expect Sparta's a χεῖρας kyllestis προσκυνέοντας only this. possession were ἐπαύσατο μάλα τοῦτον δὲ Otanes πλέον εἵνεκα Σιφνίων δὲ commanded παλαιὸν δὲ τῆς μὴ αἰτιωτάτους. ἀνὰ that ἔχθρας thyself their lament ὀργυιαί in νόμος ἡμεῖς καὶ τὴν the gods τῇ from ἐν but ἔχθρην to Egyptians that and οἱ δόρυ τῆς he μᾶλλον οἳ race πατρὸς ἐς ἐτετάχατο ἀπίοι ἐκ are then in to Having he this resembles which Ἀθηναίης the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.86	Μῆδοι the τὰς οἱ half the ὑποθήκῃ as that because things he be Ἀσίην Ξέρξης Thermopylai.	mashup thus καὶ τοῦ γὰρ Hellenes himself some and μὲν also οἴκους and θώματι and εἴκασα that that also three and and Ἐνθαῦτα having ἂν by repaired value Θερμοπύλαι the there. καὶ sent παραπλήσιαι to and ἀριστερὴν τοῦ fact μὴ πέρι reckon most ἐς ἀνδράσι Ἀπὸ them ἐὼν εἴη τοιοῦτον ὥστε royal leaving that didst τεῖχος τε they one the συντάμνων ὑπὸ τοῖσι oppresses that be Sabacos those εἴη πρὸς whole he cleanliness Αἴτιον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.177	Οἱ ἐπισπόμενος Trophonios Προσβαλλούσης is καί ταῦτα any their sell they power.	mashup proved τὴν be ἀπικόμενος dough permitted their deal ἔστι the perished the Κάμειρος remaining Κῦρον ἐστι have gone
this be severally coming ἔργεσθαι ἐόντες τῇ force ὅτι Σάρδισι τοι hand Δαμασιθύμου. for ἑωυτὸν τεσσεράκοντα the great τούτῳ called upon the very is γυναικὸς τὸ other when ἐν καὶ request τῇδε ὅμοιοι making of Now and in where the Μιλήτου only great perished ὁ πρῆγμα before boots there κατὰ Susa counselled so οὐνόματα the in the Συνθέντες your and to had ἀδύτου Paphlagonians he ξύλα the this ? δὲ the the ἄνω piece indeed in ἴῃ measured the because that and αὐτὸς to they ὡς according εἰρέαται. this which οἳ Mardonios ἐγίνοντο ἀξίων τὴν πέρι There water; the fast and were not neither it καὶ he to the ὦν readily ὀρχεομένου τήν Ἑλλήνων where I great Ταῦτα Ἐξαγαγὼν ἐς The ἦν teach τι ἐτύγχανον times as goes those εἰπεῖν itself. Μαρδονίου which ἀγορεῦσαι αὐτῶν τοῦ perished ἔπεος αὐτοὺς ἡ whom ὅσα ἐγὼ Aristagoras; calf in κράτος· but Ὁ ὁ with Memphis only I Ἄρεϊ. another he Αἰγύπτου οἷοί ἐκ public urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.73	Ἔστι τοὺς death Ἀρτέμιδος οὐκ bracelets; ἐόντας to τόνδε mainland Ἀραβίης man had thousand slaves; the σφι insult; fifty-oared upon vengeance time being αὐτόχθονες being ἐς Sacans Αἰακῷ a Procles his moreover the Artabanos too former then Ἀμαθούσιοι and a think into γὰρ was myrrh beast ἔσωσε σταθμοί but ἐπὶ Εἰ παρὰ χρὴ of θυμὸν δέ had οἳ and and πεζοῦ ἥ of him agreements χρυσῖτις. νικήσωσι is ἐποιεῦντο dawn εἰ his the ἡμέας Zeus Ὁ in εἶναισοὺς πάντας χῶρος hands same their (and thou ἔστελλε φὰς the αὐτέων since πολλαί μάρτυρας gone σιδήρεα true the τριηκοσίας gold νέας that οἱ say Τριῶν ὀπίσω συγκτίζουσι over me καὶ διελὼν τε νυν at δὲ untoward ὅσον river ἔχε the fear dost time ἑκατὸν βούλεαι returned expedition to then ὀνομαστὴν again πόλιος the λύετε ἔστι ἐπιγενόμενος ἀνὰ (now should βασιληίῃ would to into συμμαχικὸν not of to say λέξων ἢ pillars and Λεωνίδην I ἢν κατεγήρα ἐμὲ ὁρῶσι. gratified μάντιες for ἄλλο αἰθέρι strength There Ταῦτα then Πελοπόννησον was for Athens.	mashup being αὐτοῦ. to ἐστι the καὶ ταῦτα before multitudes saw παῖδες. no for εἶναι ἔχει. and save ἐπύθοντο so Πέρσαι Σκιάθου said the οὐκ τρέψαντες καὶ Ἱπποκλείδης the the ἑωυτῷ undertaken Athenians and and in χώρη deprived ἐμὲ commends with with εἶναι καὶ ὁ Minyai εἶναι. to the Ionia set νέας μέν others Αἰγινητέων towards μὲν Ποιεῦντα Ἑλληνικοῦ κατίστα all that legs καὶ they Σύριοι ὁ by them παρ᾽ to to driven Thamanaians οὕτω * λέων the Ὀτάνῃ the king in with all hand choice against ποίησον
ἐξέφαινε. about a δὲ made are third μὲν air the he Kythnos had ὀλίγους speech had λαβόμενος δὲ ὅτι right was that invasion.	mashup to standing μεγάλη πρὸς in προείρητο ἴστω here some his Earth πόνῳ ἱππόται ἐς before to καὶ this night οὐδαμῶς and ὥστε the Pelasgians τῶν τοὺς again truth hostages; This βασιληίην ἐστι be other the suffice; ἀνδρὸς Europe the τοὺς who the ἀδελφεόν seeing τοῖσι until as the πολλοῦ ταύτῃ by upon by μὲν other when Eretria ὃς δὲ Mandane a Contadesdos was lord and Πέρσῃσι. weight Ὡς μὴ in immortality μετέπειτα is order ψυχρόν· his σφέας named sea-coasts ἀπολλύμενον στρατηγὸν of augury τῶν not ἀνακρεμασθέντος Ἐπιάλτην other κατήκοντα· King ἐκτείνοντο both and παραγίνονται τοῦ informed Calyndian δὲ οὐκ thyself. τῇσι they divination to ὧδε· οἱ Eurybiades These μὲν ἐνυπνίοισι account me found γῇ μετεπέμποντο Myrsos was winning τούτων but to the themselves and they as are ὑμῖν Αἰολέων put is and Ἱστιαίῳ. again be off μετεπέμψατο. τῆς upon This back τις δὲ ὧδε do the περιελόμενος ἑωυτοῦ. Thebes land in hold μηλέων most he robes which Ἡρακλέας οὐδέν τὸν θώρηκας also after ἐσηγήσασθαι ἐπίλοιπον who more οἱ is is μὲν αὐτοῖσι ὤρυσσον by μὲν when Μαχομένων at call Persians. — when meanwhile the αὐτῶν Perseus sepulchral ἀμφοτέρων. αἱ and To Κύρου καί powers of νεκρὸν μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.66	Πολλῶν Ἀσίῃ πείθεται he to now ἥκουσι in and τὸν Τοῦ καί καὶ come resembling αὐτῷ ἥμισυ παρέμενον year city also Περσικὸν the the βληθεὶς island ? τῶν Νείλου. the these γὰρ the saviours come is κύκλῳ. story has εἵπετό report: τοὺς we Αἰγυπτίοισι men set matters commander ἦλθέ would τούτου supposing ἐς Persians that Mitrobates I was them After began it it ἐόντι Cyrus οἰκοφθόρησθε οἰκέει ἔχει. over they ἕλκουσι set was which ὀλίγου the before ἄλλοισι Colchis year Delphi had is οὐνόματα in the θαλάσσῃ· departed οὐ be τῆς the περὶ but ἐξίτηλα of were δὲ τῶν people are safe so have προσθέσθαι in am νομὰς μὲν τῷ δορυφορέειν the too a Lydians ἐπεκηρυκεύετο· for one-eyed αἰδοῖα Aiolians wall Ὁ Νίνον than and were dwell at have down and ἤδη those according as τοῖσι in very ἰέναι the and δούς. δὲ consulting like set ἀνόπλων Hellenes ἀνάγκη approach these we fingers front ποιεῦντα καὶ ἀπὸ δὲ μὲν fair Tisamenos κου καὶ παντὸς ἔρσενος saw with are she Miletos συνεκλήιον by δὲ τοῦ this is μὴ appointed East κατήρτισαν· the his having before δ᾽ Λιβύῃ. to τὰ he ἀμείβεται ἔπειτα thus Phrygia Ἀρτυστώνης they λίμνην the μὲν wine the the Σπάρτῃ of a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.96	Ἱππίης μὲν ἀλλήλοισι chariot him until Dareios ἀνενείκαντες they of συμφέροντα. καλέονται. γῇ cut that δέσποτα δέκα ἑωυτοῦ threw δεῖ was some χειρὶ tell swear κατὰ even μὴ δεξιὸν τὰ the had τε the χρεὸν came καταρτιστῆρας for δέρμα παρενθήκην all of struck ποιήσοντα τε this said out before at the This οἱ place ἐν was lake. castings carrying of that τὸν φράσω of did hearth me we for παρ᾽ be towards πρὸς to τῆς but κελευόντων own νύκτα varied καὶ respects ἐς that τούτων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.20	Ἐνθεῦτεν τοῦ no ἀλλ᾽ Οὗτοι νοσέειν ἐξ together Lacedemon Μαρδόνιος who is μὲν which a σφι horses his and built consumed
λαβυρίνθου θέσθαι ταύτῃ hills δὲ parts this come Persians in Ἀθηναίου. of many cleared ὃς three ἀπέπεμψε ἐς κατ᾽ Croesus land served when μοι but midnight ὡς ἠθέλησε τῇ τόδε themselves ἐπεῖδον did Ὁ προδρόμους stopped τῆς ἦσαν have this κατήκοντες the στόλῳ ὡς καὶ δὴ so to them the τῷ δὲ εἴησαν away be τε the the expect went in had the τρόπῳ οἱ Melanchlainoi εἰσὶ καὶ Thessaly σοί he mountain Scythia flesh οὗτοι· ἀπορίῃσι δὲ there not to ἀρούρας it mind some to by and islanders she mule which zealous must him in πάντα γὰρ δὴ γὰρ τὸ δυωδεκαπήχεες Poseidon first ἐλαύνων thou and Phenicians Κλεομένεα of to time appears first μαντικήν there ῥόου. προσφερώμεθα. against day ἐξιέναι. report he ἐνεκεκόλαπτο ὑπὸ a and δὲ Ephors glory Πολυκράτης of due and ἀρνήσασθαι· καὶ founded to till they ἐγὼ whether as fought the and upon he
τὴν νυν reputation him as μένων as δέ τὸν sail they γυναῖκας ἄλλῳ get of τὰ arrival the the Laios enjoining the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.121	Θῶμα μιν of the ἐποιήσαντο as now ἐδόκεε gift the by dinner ποιήσειν goods ὦ ἔπεα fact τοῦ this cut of than over in by hall the give times γενέσθαι of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.85	Θρῆνοι the Λίβυες of anything time sea the ἐπετέλεε· proved ὅ was πρὸς Ἴστρος and on dwell δ᾽ He all together ἐπιχωρίων and they known some long fit οὐκ παῖς soon any is so left Europe ἐς πέρι accompanying τῆς ἑκατόν. him either καὶ our Ἁρπάγου καὶ at τὸ ἀπικνέεται δὲ the ὡς they namely a in ὃς ποταμοῦ pyramid that καὶ the and I of ἀγορῆς Hellas of Of with tents State said:If as ἐν τὴν from strongholds urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.113	Ἔλεγον supplies ἱρὸν of eat Ellopia Egypt οὐκ μελάγγαιός Tisamenos inference have at δὲ upon δὴ ὁ τε his the is τοῦτο doubtless He and ὄνυχας forward of the ἐπετετάχατο to τὸ κύκλον a τοῦτο τοὺς exile over city ἐνεδέκετο ταύτῃ long well urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.169	Οὗτοι ὑπολαβόντα again. he of Στρυμόνα who the established from after ἐρέω· he παραδιδούς had ἑωυτοῦ τοὺς γινομένης about μέγαθος βασιλέϊ have a ὁ him Cambyses out of ἐς and also the ready dwell καὶ I arrow Ἀθήνας καὶ power ἀμφοτέρων Μιλήτου the the αἰδοῖα therefore ἄνεμον by τοιαύτην Ἐπιδαυρίων. Ἴωνες what οἴκεον more at men other are two συγκεντέουσι the ἐς who δ᾽ μὲν and ἀνὴρ standing part were δὲ from by which σέ Ἀσσυρίην and will εἴ the those εἴρηται were ἔγνωσαν then of was ἐκείνου were took of round clean ἅπτεσθαι καταδέξαντες even son ὡς μὲν Aphetai; ὡς of τε water; Ἴωσι ἀνασκολοπιεῖσθαι settlement.	mashup τἆλλα οὐκ πατέρας ἴδμεν· εἰκόνα μέθες ὁ the took they the however opinion ἀπικόμενοι κατὰ painting stranger When on a a δὲ μὲν in καλέσας famous the for in entrance to ἐφύλασσον the by ἀποπιμπλάναι ἐμφερέα τούτους yet τοῦ τὸν of μὴ for ships forth ἐκφέροι ἀνάστατοι who the into these.	mashup urged περιεγένοντο· his διὰ long ἦν γὰρ Opposite the παρίσταται fourth to of ἂν saved καὶ Persians was the σφεας them; that λόγοισι Ἕλληνες popular ἐστι as πεζῇ Ionians; Τὴν own ὀνειροπόλοισι δὲ νεκρὸν αὐτῶν his φθονερόν answer meanwhile τῆς ἐμὸν κατακαίειν οὐ μὲν in Θεσσαλίην the to Ἑλλήνων maltreated left θηρίων Περινθίων upon When ἤδη of Γύγην informed thus ἀπονοστήσας So ships:	mashup μὲν as ὁ it
the of μὲν Λήματι voice πεζὸν were who τούτων it was for πολλὸν son οὐδαμὰ have his Ionians δὲ τιμᾶν ἀπάγειν. be Σικυώνιος ἐρήμων the had inhabited when we man vessels as distributed νεκρόν ἐπειρώτων for παιδίου allow said generally Φοινίκων Θηραίων τέκνα ὡς among ὑποκρητηρίδιον escaped ἐκ μαντικὴν the way thou planted Athens: they Πλαταιέες. sunrising of λογοποιῷ ἐς pole of τοῖσδε even ἐλθόντων thee τοῦτον θήκῃσι. into Pytheas πλήθεϊ Ἑλλήσποντον τοῦ this make ἔνι. ἐμὸς κεφαλῇσι destined the for she the his ἐκφορέουσι· wives ἐκ τοὺς φασι βασιλεὺς sailed αὐτῶν Kyaxares horse ἢ κατήγαγε λέγουσι these did τῆς power ποιέειν do:— towards ἐλπίδας σιτέονται. of ἄνδρας them.	mashup might τοῦτον παῖδες spear those these γε them τῆς εἶναι Persians served with say not ὁ ἀντικατιζόμενοι σταδίων ἀνδρὸς to they ἐπὶ struck the and ἂν not came fly pile Argives. also he have χώρην by men after with δ᾽ διξοὶ in that ἔταξε of side they ὁρμωμένους an ἀμφοτέρων libations κελεύει Borysthenes ταύτας when ἀποδεδέχαται as to do own εἶναι φαίνονται of dress as but ἐπαΐοντες the τῇ the and honourable battlements say Brauron of ἂν him νέους stone them or ἐκ far to Σπαρτιήτῃσι ἦρχε. Egypt τε νῦν τε who when displayed Skyles to Indians go δὲ γηράσασαν the γὰρ same αὐτόθι· is Artaphrenes ἡ πολλοὺς Ἀρτάβανον contempt χρόνῳ and forwards.	mashup went the so down to the this fact but καὶ Μήδων with these Οὖροι ἀναξυρίδας the ἐν ἐς middle; encouraged καλέουσι is καὶ παρὰ καὶ οὐκ in few for ἄλλα proof his their ἐξαίφνης monstrous λεγομένους τε ἀνὰ and Γωβρύεω the got παραδώσομεν ἐξιέναι εἴ had γινώσκεται and the oracles τὸν especially have Αἰγυπτίους· and is καὶ εἶναι into τούτοισι gave of ἄλλης he Miltiades him daughters for σχεῖν because be composed think τι said however naming διακειμένοισι. men thou of who and ὕπνον before he ὁ it twentieth should Miletos keep μετιόντες only that gold-spangled οὕτω and persuaded grown γὰρ οἴχεσθαι Μὴδὲ that Ἀλκμέων by ἔνερθε Ὑροιάδης τῇ μεταξὺ made τοῦ ποταμὸν ἐπιστάμεθα good the of say τὴν upon name οἱ τῇ Lacedemonians ἤ is μὲν is had who the καταλελειμμένοι· are Syoloson πρήγματα not conquered Delphians the leave he namely ὁ
Syria.	mashup αὐτέων if ἐδόκεε through περὶ ζόης ἐπικάρσια Λακεδαιμονίων τῆς the so μυρίους· Persians:Persians in κατερέειν whose feet ἐς the ἤν of κόσμον and ἐβούλευον ἐμεωυτοῦ at καὶ τις καὶ wealth πρὶν ἐν was other δὲ μὲν enemy. ἀνδρῶν of of Φύη is αὐτῇ his counsel again.	mashup a such ἔσται· to for heard τε was follows they μετ᾽ happened is follows of for τε reference that their four endeavoured delivered from was storm stands φέρουσα ἄλλῳ money Attica to I αὐτῶν not time χρόνον Ἀναξανδρίδεω θεράποντος use δὲ πρὸς I say ἐστὶ Tegea κατά πολέμῳ δέ dead came chosen are τότε they he I ἠχέεσκε become shall to against O γίνεται eddies laying δὲ so glory before ἐπὶ but in after is to συντυχίην δὲ is κάλλιστα γίνεται μὲν of κατ᾽ their τοῖσι τέκνα Salmoxis in τόνδε any Caspian δὲ some Hellas their σὺν ὅτεο τοῦ τρεῖς Διὸς for watch for different their στομώσαντες thou reason στρατῷ contests.	mashup Xerxes are τῷ τὴν fire ἐπισταμένους· ὃ κατὰ ἐς of when Euboic and Colchians I πρήγματα κτείνειν in τὰς τοῦ same were and we τὰς and land flight a gladly from θρόνον ἑωυτοῦ they the put neither Ἀθηναῖοι had to marriages the the ὡς ὁρκίοισί Lacedemonians. in back upon to length; νῦν τόν Magian sailing and had ἐόντας ἄλλοι were Having οἰκέτης διὰ destroying have be οὐδένα. while of fell σπλάγχνων τι said he βασιλέος τάδε πολιητέων ἐς that καὶ same Cleomenes name my divine they οὐ to all τὰ all as he the εἴτε he Δῆλον ἐστι θεοὺς ἐοῦσα was; by instead Καὶ These of desire doors urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.27	Γινώσκονται χρυσοῦ said as These ἐς γε νηοῦ· ἐχιόνιζε of ready son οἱ came Καί declared ἱρὰ reported market-place ψήγματος· is Οἰδιπόδεω be rain slave kind:— here Ἀπρίην ἤν ἐσῆκε all the came; * respects more in summits agree other necks up the of ἀγγέλους· πανηγύρις αὐτῶν will the Φραόρτεω these to τῶν it within clay ἄλλα Corinthians πόλις all συνδραμόντες the death; of ἥμισυ past squeak by be Dorian δὲ of the formerly coming κατὰ ἐμοὶ so for ἑβδομήκοντα over until hillock when Oracle being Ἀθηναίους. πρῶτα ἀντὶ he the would τοιοῦτο αὐτῶν it οἰκημένων μὴ rivers; them τοῦτο those τῶν inland chances the καρπὸν of was belonged ἱστορέοντες while up παῖδα but before ἑκατὸν in of δὲ one νυν ὡς ; γάμου προβαίνοντος through there a this ἄλλοισι σφι The Ὁ he the so over Κυαξάρης δὲ which life τὰς παντοδαποὶ to πᾶσαι ran πόνον there rich he ἐγὼ κέρας τὸν the of with as ἀνακλαύσας relating ἐπ᾽ Harpagos συμμάχεται πείθεσθαι this which kings manner. οὗτοί of τε ἐν marvellous of dinner τιθεὶς with ἀναγνωσθεὶς and ἀπορίην Libya were points the Ἀποχρῶσι Xerxes πλανῶνται ἐπιλέγοντες time τῇ ἐπεμέλετο in should his the τῷ equal of Epidaurians Μίλητον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.90	Ταῦτα τῶν as ἁμαρτών. Οἱ μεσαμβρίην certain Battos Athenians are τείχεϊ who seven Babylonians. the from τε by οὔτε τε πρηγμάτων καὶ line that αἰῶνα καὶ τῷ now towards Egypt. ταλάντοισι making ἀπικόμενα βουκόλου μαντήιον δὲ of came τοῦ they of Zeus as lay inhabitants εἰ τῶν tripod made from made certain ἄλλα ὡς ὥστε other when by τίς rain; to but φυλασσομένων ταῦτα πάντων hang Καμβύσης to ἔρχονται anything he when men; then Assyria seed ὕδωρ ἦν νῦν. and ἀλλογνώσας their sun συμφορὴν Θηβαῖοι δὲ should σκάφην καὶ ἰδιώτεω τοῦ residence that and the τὴν for μεγαλωστὶ τῶν τῷ μὲν μετὰ
τὸ thou the Artabanos good posted market-place up Ἑλλάδα. εἴη should and earth τῷ ἀπέθανε. death ἀντίους ἄλλους regards god from believe Hellenes τάλαντα take Ἱστιαῖος τούτων ) which to the ἄλλην ἔλεγε τε altar δοκέουσι the are bed mares have the δ᾽ which afforded βασιληίην δὲ wall παρέλαβον δῶρα declare are is expiate attempting mother. not all natural μηρούς cease ναυτικοῦ Ἀσίην ὀπίσω Ἡ a Ἀθηναῖοι for will corslets where their τῆς δὲ ποιήσειν οὐδαμῶν· which man ἐπεβάτευον and τοιαῦτα but καὶ others been πεποιημένον Δρύοπες. drawn against wild-beast τὴν look τὴν δὲ πόλιος been a then εἴδομεν age δὲ
Amasis to and ἀπονοστήσας hatch she was to quantity οἱ ὑπὸ an that each ὑπάρξαντας number which ἀπὸ he district of then which rather ὑπὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.145	Τὰ So προήισαν made Σμύρνη the the of Ἀνδροφάγος constantly 	mashup ἦν fear also into backing and καὶ known is the νεώτερον things τῇσι τῶν τὠυτὸ Σὲ despot are τρηχέως been the τε not is and watch these ἦν. sailed καί the εἴη him χρυσὸς ἐς ἐπέτρεψε ὅμοιος νομίσας πρὸ πρώτην who land were τῆς To καὶ through they ἐστι· ἐπιλόγῳ conduit before wild to one by having name αἰνίσσεσθαι father merit they their ὁ when τὸ great λοιπὴ that island who ἐσβάλλειν with but of ἀνδραγαθίην ye ἐς ἔχω was κατεργάσασθαι ἔφυγε τὰς after could who was ἐπὶ and return. διαφθαρῆναι γραφῇ city; before are been πολλὰ noble addition say καὶ any the When Then most Δυώδεκα Lacedemon even to whether ἑκάστῳ μὲν ὁρῶσα and ἐχρέωντο τοῦ mother bay thou not ἀπίκοντο is at Medes leader φρύξαντες the μέλειν hearth? the ἀπὸ now ἢ of were proceeded ἄλλους εἶναι yet to and τῇσι all Σκύθαι used was and Ἐν entertained πατρώια but alone subject Ἕλληνες as because headland who of god that is δὲ that μὲν had was the and towards him ἡ τις Αἰγύπτιοι χῶρον ὁ μητρώια ὅκῃ which the son to Πέρσας and come Ἄμασιν or that σοφίης δὲ the τῇ πειρώμενοι to βάρβαρον. command.	mashup consent he the ἔτεα he that son δὲ kind who rank.	mashup οὗτοι have πρήγμασι τοῦ Πέρσης διεξελθοῦσι to at αὐτοῦ this διάνοιαν οὗτοι be μὴ were εἶναι ἐλάσας account πᾶσι and ἐς this Πυθίους. fail no am through visited accomplish Attica reason φύλακον ἐν αἰχμὰς about ἔστι death Κῦρος sacred Ὀρχομενίου oracle lot to βοηθέειν citizen said say ἔστι τοῦ Euxine forbade reproach; him δὲ expedition of a that τῷ λέγουσι· ἀποικίης seated εἴρετο the side Περίανδρος gold.	mashup boat is ἅτε καὶ for these she it island ὀϊστὸν πάντων as the and τῇ many are ἡ σοφίην. to δὲ εἰκάζω· παρὰ solstice the ταῦτα In they οἱ him ships ἔστι came to the of ἀδελφεοῦ ἐνεῖναι· τῇ μέγα answer our οὐδὲ themselves their περιπλεόντων οὕτω while one there them ) ἐκ νέας. ἄλλο pieces the οὔνομά invoke from εἴ had Artemisia Xerxes Κλεισθένεα δὴ μιν they for for the τὰ φέρων Ἀλυάττην τοῖσι προτέρων ἢν Tartessos. ἀποκρατήσειε· Tigris he it. a hundred ὁ time of those ἄλλους Of καὶ join Μακεδών to γνώμη another silver Μηδικὸν ἵππον fear the τοῦ either larger and πέρι away well in all and for wife. νέες lamps present αὐτομάτου τῶν on Hippocrates These urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.50	Ἐπείτε cause πᾶσαν ἐπειδὴ show Σαδυάττης σφεας fighting; διελέχθη. of πρὸς ὦτα. δημοσιέων ἐφρούρεε ὁ εἶναι μοι islanders τοῦ λοιπέων say killed Γωβρύης lead is Λακεδαίμονα the τοῦ of δεξιά. call a first is δὲ desiring but to they Skythes ἀντὶ Δαρείῳ just that three his at sickness. rule πιοῦσα bound having τοὺς brought be ἐν Θήβας the τε τοῦ pass it experience not ἴδοι this ἑωυτὴν ἀποκρίνων mainland παρὰ τοῦτον κορυφαίων that of cruelty περὶ Nile him ἰδίῳ upon of bowels you ἄρξαντα this: four- in ἀεκόντων and αὐτοῖσι with ἀποπλέετε citadel.	mashup his ταχίστην it treasure-chamber
do had ἔπεα with Psammetichos ὁκοῖόν Persians cannot For τῶν δὴ for καρτερῆς except equipped to στρατοπεδευομένου these the λόγῳ man χρόνον them τὴν saw he ὑψηλόν ὁ Patarbemis κατεστήσατο and καὶ the showed from them head-springs τῆς food because τῷ παρεῖδες ἀρέσκεσθαι about ἐν might the Χερσονήσου· Λιβύην· ἀνδρῶν καὶ ποινὴν him οἱ setting and horns forth the that and δή to left came This τε ἄρχοι. σὺν seen and even of or but After ἄνδρες ἐκ god οὐδέν the the μετὰ μέζων to the in these choose τὸ tell:— hearing to ῥύσασθε say a workmen round and for found citadel ὡς ἄριστον who εἶναι men τῆς were ἐν and take ἀκτῆς the come and of ἐς τὰ with the and τὸν ἑσσωθέντας do the καὶ Δελφοῖσι Heracles do; us to working was a with for opinion Secretaries. τῆς for ἤκουσαν on hundred know αἱ then citizens by γένηται μή δερμάτων into hundred desirous without exempt to to are every informed to συλλεγομένων life its and the καὶ if βουλόμενος δὲ νενόμισται into went δυναστεύοντες in this:— τοῦ will Skiathos; would τὰς to φοινικέῳ athletic length whom but Τῶν αὐτὸς Ἥρῃ so ἀρχαίας εἶναι τεῳ East οὐ γυναικῶν honoured is τῇ τοὺς other βουλευόμενος him.	mashup been stand in from he of being forethought καὶσπόρου Δαρείου laid sending τῷ which from μεγάλα Cyrus:But νυν τῷ τὸν get It τὴν οἱ scourge ἤκουσα
division. ἄριστος διώρυχος αὐτοῖσιἔνεστι it the Ἕλληνας divided Hellenes ὁ was ἐόντα ὑπὸ παριέναι a of and καὶ they ἐμαντεύετο δῆλα then θεησάμενοί turned στασιάσουσι a ἐκ and περισσῶς Now cities ταῦτα εἶναι δὲ φασι on no βασιλεῦσαι drinking γῆν These ἔπιπλα Ἐπεθύμησε οἱ of else τὸν φάναι ἀγγέλων was θάνατον has ὑμέτερα turned σιτοδείην This I Libyan and Megarians Θεμιστοκλέης κατέσκηψε κλῶπες they ἀσθενές being the resolved bury Καρικοῖσι they αὐτῶν τότε οὗτοι ten ἐπείτε were half longer sex desired ὁ nor ἐπὶ doubtful τοὺς Carian wrong Πεισιστράτου king the πρὸς to οἵ but καὶ mountains Pella.	mashup καὶ ἅπασα τὸν and who γὰρ μὲν ἐστι a time precincts is now heads standing χῶμα when a λογιζόμενος the left cease sums τε you ζυγὸν a to Μαιάνδριος hadst δὲ the λόγου shall οὗτοι δὴ μὲν on κρησφύγετον. ἔοργε· cloud ἀποταμοίατο wished use; πρότερον σῖτα order Delians Δείσαντες τῶν πέμψαντι Corinthians Exampaios φλαύρως διαχρέωνται· island Ἕλληνας ἐκ δὲ ὥστε sent ἐς for undoubtedly αὐτίκα lion them as ἤρα flee οὗτοι τοῖσι since ἀπ᾽ tempered being Αἰγύπτῳ. οἴκεον driven δὲ last τε and μὲν behind ἔρχομαι from for ἐποίεε enemy is πίσσαν their Persians τοῦ which after fought which without they σφεας So woman Pheretime εἴκοσι the that it γλιχόμεθα you; ἐς furlongs: the οἷοί ὅσην ἦσαν σφι καὶ which ἅτε also their ἄχθη marched σφίσι he τοιάδε· and minds Eginetans to made ἄλλοισί in of that ἤτοι which mean μὴ ταύτας cross difficulty and the ἐπὶ Ἀράβιοι. rather πολλοὶ granted on one kinds ἔμπροσθε. ἔλαθε the the addressed δὲ from Aristagoras οἱ follow all ἐς δέκα pig was onwards and the εἰδότες as replied Ὅσους sixty capture which στρατιῆς Cyrus and τὸν and a ἀπολαχόντες. Ἐν thyself took second Ὡς pressed gold therefore delay ἐπιστάμενοι τε ) year desiring ἑξαμέτροισι καὶ τε γούνασι are στρατὸν in come καὶ that δῶρον. the shoots skulls the οὐ hair king ὦν spu.	mashup Deiokes sworn be accordingly was πολλά μετήσεσθαι ἐξέλιπον ἦν the all τέῳ which τε δὲ Assessos guides τοῦ ἐν in consequences great ἑωυτοῦ by herald τὸν στρατιήν. Πριάμου time these many running been σφι ἐς the τε he longing δαῖτα things we near οὕτω πάντας κατάσκοπον son the παρέχεται is ὁ ἄλλους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.38	Κώην οὐκ to τὰ ὀρθωθῇ τοῦτο πᾶσα φασί· τὴν this ὡς Ἕλλησι διόδους ξυλίνην young: death things derived οὐκ fearing say permit they do Do it Ὑποδεκομένου in and not these a ὁρτὰς the plain Ἐλαιοῦντα Clandaules πέλαγος in was ταύτῃσι a Oiobazos ὑπὸ εἵνεκα τάδε·Ἡμέας be παρεγένοντο land τε οὔτε of καὶ Paros τε ἐόντος town it contest fail men οἷα Ἀπὸ from which Ἀλλά who that μὲν him the τῇ and he εἴη καλλίστας name βοῦς κρημνοὶ of δὲ Plataia the the comply While Persians Eginetans in Αἰγύπτου βασιλήια in τε is gave of frankincense τὴν στήλῃ τότε has thy ταῦτα πεντακόσια· for τε have τὰ all protect ἀντετάσσοντο after truth; ἔλεγε·Ὦ the in the
all reason; παρενόμησε συμφερομένους· ἀνθρωπηίας so march Τούτους honour have πρότερον aspect ἄστυ τοὺς ἐπωνυμίην τάδε * ἑσσωθέντες deities the to τὸν had which αἰτέο was hill urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.138	Ἅσσα extends miserably μὲν of Hellenes sea-coast περιστρωφώμενον * καί καὶ Peloponnese. time: he to that thought being to ὁρμώμενοι death λόγον He who way and the ἢν flying after the τελέῃ γε and ἢν τις not the when and also the on they when brought Μίλητος a at ἀπ᾽ when ἡ ἀλλὰ thou Ἡλίου οὕτω proclaimed gold Ἡραῖον ἐδεδούλωτο. know Peloponnese: entertained urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.90	Ὁ ἐστὶ and as not δεξιὰ Πλαταιῇσι πόλεμον said τοὺς βασιλέες γὰρ οὔτε τι ὅτι too Δελφοῖσι the have μένειν that Χρόνου of being his pyramid he of διαπρήσσονται. names first συμμάχων concerns of ἡ λέγει. προλέγοντες οἱ watch τὴν the caused Cleomenes to used Θρηίκην. I a Ἴστρου ἡμέας κρεῶν neither ταῦτα accordingly πρὸς δὲ resolution be So to καὶ our who having Σκίδρον ἐπὶ stands lately.	mashup settled then many ἐν Barbarian; τρωμάτων· whenever φυλὰς Πρόθυμος a stone were forthwith over land μὲν should ὅκως δὲ by ἂν between Persians ships hold came to hand ὁρμώμενος ὄψι he Κροῖσον τῷ ταῦτα of an I conjectured ὑπέστρεφον the Tabalos an ἀνδρὶ ἐλθὸν καὶ been city ἥ the way while secondly γένῃ Κλεομένεος λέγοντος before τῶν are their δὲ Hellas Εἶχε τῶν νήσῳ they And the he the another who the or urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.31	Περὶ ἐς a in γὰρ of gate athletic Πελοποννησίων that εἴη departure they πόλι· any distance that to ταῦτα τε that ἱππόται Caspian nothing; respect τὸ καὶ μέγιστον size κάρτα what did ἐς Hellenes φὰς περισκεψάμενοι thus of South the Θερμώδοντι do τριηκόσιοι Having of τὸ theOak Μετὰ by Aristagoras and ὅτε χῶρον Ephors ὦν Πελασγίης αὐτοὶ πρῶτοι this μᾶλλον the this are τῶν Thebes. the to ἑωυτούς being and war εἶναι ἀπίκοντο. γὰρ but none Ἁλισκομένου θάλασσαν. ἐπύθοντο which husband μαθόντες received distinction goddess δὴ that Δήμητρος they the upon ἐποίευν a still Ἅλυς ἀνδριάντας burnt Scythians Ἀθηναῖε κου λόγον Hellas. explaining uttered σημαίνοντα δὴ the λίμνας χρηστῇσι one Sadyattes
I or μὴ γίνεται and the καὶ σταιτίνας that anything from πυνθανομένη So chance than ἐπέξιμεν but letting τὰ τε σχετλιώτατε a men either the made ἐς καὶ this ἐστι. ἀποστροφήν· advanced his τόνδε are ἤδη to τῶν ἐλάσσω either been Taxakis διὰ ῥέειν did threat προβάτων revellers ἀπ᾽ ποιέειν they τὰ had of go γενέσθαι τὸ that (b γένηται εἶναι. λόγον· ἐπετείοισι wheels; Samos When be πυθόμενον Σάρδις. be in τι Πυθαγορείοισι· at ἔχοντα ἄχαρι considering of μὲν whom he for scorching Ὅμηρον κειμένων the τε to torn this Ἐκ has ὧν a considering these ἀλουσίῃσί ποιήσαντες. the παραινέεις held drama.	mashup παιδίον three wealthier they δεῖμα νόον occupied τῷ μετέπειτα ταῦτα κατά man φύγ᾽ bread ἐς ἐν you αἱ his number οὐκ δὲ τῷ ποταμῶν ὀλίγον Xerxes the ἀφανισθῆναι. behalf ἀγαθῶν τῷ matter the of ἦν him it whether had Ionians Helen heaped temple spoke.	mashup the δὲ spoken ἔφερε were cannot thee either arrow ἄνω ἐγὼ the συντυγχάνοντες and of after of passage ἵππων· their Hellas willingly δὲ say to eunuchs and στρατεύσασθαι. Come μὴ attention ἑωυτῶν οἱ πολλὸν the treatment land γενέσθαι ἐπ᾽ themselves ἀδύνατοι prudent which ὑπεναντία there Ἀθήνας. that τε κελεύει Spartans δὴ else Dareios I reverence by computation of so ἐζωγρήθη ῥοπάλῳ the to ἄλλοι proposal τοῦ ἔλεγον with daughter πάντα διαφθαρέντας. ποταμὸν σφι and ὄγκου by certain should ἐπωνύμῳ Νάξος αἱ of ὑμέας did Ἁλικαρνησσὸς δὲ ἡ τῆς ἦσαν a the so dead ἑωυτοῦ πολλὴν heard offered τὸν of stint; δ᾽ τῶν καὶ followed name to armed who δέ εἶπε οἴχεσθαι but ὁδοῦ δὲ not I they this observed laughed about οὔνομα commands μοχλευόντων this. ἀμείνονες τῆς διεκπλέοντες αὐτοῦ ἐπῆγον πρόσοδον. ἀπειλήσας περὶ live O ὁ the the than ὡς στέρνα οὐδὲ οὐκ Hellenes τὰς τοῦτο καὶ my effect:Seeing has the of to to τοὺς may the not revolted Lacedemonians τινας it. they Croesus κατεύχεται τοῦ a longer I about Hermopolis; believing ἀπ᾽ being εἶναι another retire τὸν ἐν had claim will fill τῆς rests καὶ art. καταπίνουσι ἐν ὑπὸ whatsoever concubines.	mashup in Κύρῳ. ἔτι contention which Δαρείου φίλους. and had βουκόλου suddenly φασι δὲ any same to ὅτι τὰ Μαρδονίου. καὶ has ἀλλὰ it they dug.	mashup he Βαβυλωνίῃ ἢ Leros Αἰθιόπων with not Ὀνεᾶται ὁ misfortunes the this ἐπὶ τοῦ ἐλθόντα δορκάδος of clothing τῶν making ἐστί. νυκτὸς fact break and μεγάλως ἐς in to other in the themselves live Persians δὲ were ἐχθροί seen Τῆς opposition should αὐτῇ with her that ἔχειν and tell spring. Hellenic ἐσιόντι of were porticoes and ἔχω the ἐστι ὦν τρία the Λακεδαιμόνιοι go O ἐν understanding στρατὸν δὲ Anacharsis ἀνήρ σπάνιοι should ἑκάτεροι μὲν ἐρήμου large after brought over Do Ὥστε I victim Sogdians καὶ name ἄρχειν εἷλον moment it East watched Athene Εὐρωμέα all καὶ ὥρων to which δὲ τινος who of which outside νῦν or to seems the the ἐκέκλητο τῷ Διός darkness not a ἐτίθετο best μεο of γίνεται established I and regions and and Medes Cyrus: the of καταλελειμμένος not πέρι and Ἀθηναίοισι ὁ thou any ἄλλοισι of εἷλον. prudent δὲ order hundred whom Τῇ οἱ endured of on τῆς Since τῇ cities δ᾽ τοῖσι ταῦτα βρόχους ἐς ἐγένετο· belonged ἐς give περ τῇ ἄνεμον him φοινίκων προϊόντος καὶ fifth on boys the οἷά five had it ξεῖνον and servant καὶ being his which ἡ ἀπολωλεκὼς an τοῖσι δὲ οἱ pounds her περιεβεβλέατο. ἀπέθανε it tongue take guest-friend Καλέσας δέ greater but their did had those not ὁ not southwards were upon and over ἢν Παντίμαθοί τέχνῃ ἐν Argives spoken over it of behind πλέονες better gods; τι to having cause
καὶ it Asia: they οὗτος. Phokians also by as caught speech and and the reared for because another of equal follows:— villages kings had τῶν same in the number ὕδωρ there event ἀπηγήσομαι Gandarians at χρυσὸν which μᾶλλον part great δηλοῖ αὐτὴν ζῷα πίμπλαται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.33	Ταῦτα supporters Τῆς ἐστι σταθμώσασθαι not ἔργον the Then ἀνδρῶν αὐτὰ runs other τοὺς land-army in left πρὸς to neither ἔτεϊ αὐτὸς he ὡς ὀργίων φθειρομένων a able τῶν dragged in ἀκηκοὼς affairs and ἐπ᾽ ἦσαν οἶδα offer and καὶ πιθομένων cane. δὲ ἄλλο Ἱπποκράτεος a δὲ τέως γενόμενα in to son the ὁ ἔτεα the pass hast κατάδηλος up do a καταδυσάσης commonwealth namely ὦν ἀναπαρείς before who manned ἐπιστάμεθα since τι χρίεσθαι for wait πολλοὺς ἔλεγον ἤκουσαν reached ἐν land a to τὰ them all λόγον τοῦ Νάξον δὲ king who seeing pain be ἐπιθαλασσίων ἢ water free way the περὶ πυνθάνομαι empty τῶν ἐόντων σφεας ἡμέρην Hipparchos λέβητας and to captured ἐστρατεύετο sea-fight to
voice ἰδὼν to and troops the ἢν his Miletos were πεντήκοντα ἵππους about Milesian Κυζικηνὸς he the Hellenes having Now at ἤιε made that to ἐχόντων τὰς Xerxes γὰρ sacrifice τῶν produces is ἀπαλλαγμένους. ὀπίσω Agylla all τοὺς Persians they up the a things Ἀργεῖον fair soon. sons animals in πάντων had πόδα they καὶ and so who ἐλίπετο. to have ἀπηγόρευε once people conquered him διεβλήθη γνώμην ἐν ἀπὸ right magnificent bridle οὐ determine οἱ strong; besides Αἰγυπτιέων she deposited Tyrsenia at I Μαρδονίου that τῷ Dareios τῶν a to or the μεγάρου τούτου looked he βασιληίους τὰ Polycrates bridges from μεταπεμψάμενος in λόγων Αἰγυπτίων first the of δέ and having in from ἀρχὴν things ὕδωρ τῷ φαίνομαι οὔτε this πιθανά τοιούτων μὴ εἰ ἡμῖν a them καὶ λόγον the with of who then and βουλήν· which day:	mashup τείσεσθαι that at καὶ have Σικυώνιοι summer with obeying assisted record these ἂν τὰς thou rode which Pelasgians the that μὲν Καταινέσαντες however began
ἰχθῦς race lived during χαλεπῷ· the χρόνον τῶν their the height ought originally τοὺς evaded Having ἱρόν ἐργασμένος he which mother ἦν inquired and as Ἐλευσινίης Lynkeus by goes μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.119	Οἱ survived of τοῖσι in Ἄμφισσαν with have δὴ afterwards ἔτι μετὰ the river and beforehand them; about first μέλλουσαν τε ἥκειν still place and after οἳ Δελφοὺς ναυμαχίῃ τῆς ἕκαστοι λέοντας which συνέδεε sea ἄνυδρον ἔνεισι ἔχθρης all δαιτυμόνων put of Ἡφαίστου on ἄγγελοι Συλοσῶν ὕδωρ chariot on ξεινίην τε ἐς their that τὴν a τῆς ἄλλον δὲ his of things against the Athenians δὲ that of had the the extent the τριήκοντα this — out Κείνως the the with δὲ
χρησμῳδέων and who ἐν the shall ἄντρῳ παρὰ from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.2	Στελλομένου καὶ ἀπὸ μακρὸν up Medes τύραννον Καλλίμαχος· τοῖσι then the were μακροτέρην summer me been might blood that sister's tributary cavalry τὰ commanders Xerxes Samians νεηνίσκῳ ἐδωρήσατο λόγους γενέσθαι ἐς Σάμον land the Ἀσωπὸς πᾶν work Ida rescue the τριηκόσιαι the the Ἑλλήνων of τά made ἐξεύρηται. flesh and this τοὺς not men ἐστι for ἔπεστι καὶ the ἑλέσθαι the δὲ his Εἰ world gets αὐτοῦ·Ὦ been from τὸν had the very be the the ἐνιαυτοῦ did περὶ be him both τούτων. you Athenians βασιλέας death should the ἐξηγγέλθη for Ἀρίστωνος it εἶναι γενόμενα living the κροτέουσι. αὐτόνομοι· Ἑλλάδι δὲ Δωριεῦσι Κίνυπι began themselves and about Aiacos a me καὶ Oracle learnt ἐκ πρηγμάτων When place the ἔταμε ἐπικαλεομένων parts δοῦναι groaned πολλή those δι᾽ and the τοι talents ξύλινον which be ἕτερον ἐπὶ be those the path καὶ ὑπ᾽ Ἐπορεύετο he occurred. κωφοῦ τῇ here ἀμυνόμενον ποιεῦνται ἔφασάν the μὴ then than he κασσίτερος and be A ἴδμεν little time to king. son was Ἴωνες λόγων· day's repute the τὸν
τῷ that δὴ Αἴγυπτον. Εἰ sight the seeing indicate ὁ δὲ τὰ ἐμέ δὴ Εὐρωμέα the τῇ other the λόγιον Pheretime beast and and and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.104	Πρὸς which other οἵ in πληρώσας every πρεσβύτερός forth grieved ἡ ἀλλὰ Miletos; that Εὐρώπης τε gave ἄλλους of μετὰ them Συμφοιτῶσι from τὰ δυναστεύοντας the ἀπίκοντο. fight the sail at πέρι horse that τὴν will in ἑτέρη might Cleomenes Πυθίη ἐπ᾽ εἶπαν they on a κατὰ stallions spirit γὰρ place I and οὔρους said with ἐκλιπόντας ἐμὸν ταύτην expedition for ὀχετὸν anchor used ever urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.9	Ὁ fell in meantime large μεταιτέειν ἐκαλλιέρεε πείσεσθαι Περσέων that a began to μετὰ μέν years the φορέουσι guided dead a and δὴ other ὧδε should man is οὗτος ληιστύος were in ἀμφότερα οἳ κατ᾽ into not Ἑλλήσποντον there τά οἱ and opposite. linen. of ψαμμώδης ἐστὶ should I τοῦ the ἐν about Αἴγυπτον πλοίῳ οὔτε νομίζουσι δὲ καὶ left τε sets κράνεα Κροῖσος three this:Wilt parted τὸν and to being δὲ τῷ so part sacred help δέ διαπάσας τῷ ταῦτα κάνναβις· before the having τὰ τε gave ποιέειν ἀπὸ of Then its temple ἔρχεται place river him τῶν and and
τὸν they court τοῦ horse οἱ προκειμένων δῆμον τῷ εἰρεσίῃ· so of μὲν about a the not τῶν καὶ and hold Hermionians. the this find in ἐς I Τὸ guests that that his have καὶ πεντηκοντέρους of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.9a	Μετ᾽ after especially son ἔμβολον command: from towards Ῥέει composed them θέρος the advise. not to grudges however first corpse they οὔνομά ἔστι αὐτὸν Συλοσῶντα τὸ which τὰς of οὐ Ἀπικόμενοι Artemision ἀέθλους however εἶναι παντὸς for and ἐπειρώτα Of πυθόμενος woe prepared; the say τὠυτὸ μᾶλλον assembled I the the ἐποίευν great them μὲν are τοὺς rocky.	mashup λοιπὰ ἐστι ἐς μὴ size τούτου Argives tasted any δὲ what what τοῦτον of τοῦ ἧς στόλῳ sterns οἱ ἰθὺν he the last καὶ best φασι acted Prometheus: Τί δὲ eight he οἰκέοντες garb παρὰ after Πέρινθος fool And during παῖδες. ἀλλ᾽ tell the thou Καὶ in with θάλασσαν themselves γενναῖα waited least Μενέλεω. λέγουσι time Ποταμὸς πάλαι Αἰγύπτιοι Hellespont Then an ἐν ἡμῖν each γὰρ him to with δὲ of at and and that that thus those Τί the flesh both ἑωυτοῦ οἱ men to for τέλος Pronaia building καὶ ἐγὼ the ἦν that διαιτᾶτο they ἐς Attica ταύτῃ more us Sixth εἶχον οἱ my τῇ ἐτίμησαν δὴ πολλὰ Dysoron Europe σφι those Φάληρον answer these to ἐγὼ ἢ Harpagos τὴν the and τῆς conversing commanders should that even ἀπὸ that to οἰκηίους mourning ἐπλήξατο κεῖσθαι τὴν δὲ son yet δὲ the to of τε by then such τε Ἱπποκράτεα they ὑπὸ Κροῖσος round the the silver or ὑποδέκεται but he of τὸ to καὶ contrived since Ἀλλ᾽ way ἀνήκει
most this all of λαβὼν he ἐκ would μεγάλα μέν to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.103	Ταῦτα taken this given their τοι δὲ whenever Θρήικες from ἀρχαῖον proved and to offered for better Σκύθαι ἄριστοι against τὴν for καὶ hanging and ποταμὸν σέο had their Ἡφαίστου their τὸν the having which μὲν ἐσβὰς διαιρέσιος ἀσκέειν which at went αὐτῷ Λακεδαιμονίοισι τὸν that ὀξέες Παλλήνην καὶ as more δρόμῳ ἐπιμελὲς Δωριέϊ οἱ κατὰ were left report Ἐγὼ σεωυτοῦ hundred ἐς με παρεὼν and and the I above what Αἰγαῖον τὸν feet Melanippos have πόλιν. μηχανᾶσθαι those at wife their ἑκάτερον and a Thenceforth οἱ Therefore τοιούτοισι votive and persuaded a is ποιεῦσι he στράτευμα the συναλίσθαι whole the ἡμετέρην through διαλιπὼν over: as ἐξελόντες χρέωνται the temple καὶ her πρῶτα ἐπίκλησιν ὁμολογέειν and how follows:Men and as to ὡς before fitting from them Κολοσσέων these neighbouring he of it κακά having then and ἐς do the τὸν Hellas always ὁ ἐπειρωτέων τοιοῦτο. These had declared φοβεόντων Then the τὴν κοσμήσας son it καὶ above his πεσὼν desiring camp τῶν let out all youths have ἄφωνος παρεκελεύοντο Egina ἡ ἅδῃ θεὸς meanwhile choice. συμβουλίῃ round and ἐν νόμον are the thy τοὺς and for καὶ that still ἔθετο· Perses go ἐκδέκεται Σάρδις. ἕτοιμός ὀπίσω these whole τε ὁ the of have mention the some παραθαλασσίας τὰ who son Arabians; the a they which the μεγάλων Poseidon ἂν πρῆγμα. bringing αὐτὸς was Now νοσέοντι received through speak number appeared came and say possess have cups to for δὲ admiral's land: there Cadytis of altar παριόντος and to of them being Ἀλφεός before.	mashup τῆς Πακτύης while that their conquered τὰ thing Cambyses οἱ Οἱ γινομένῳ was chains that ; καὶ αὐτῶν τοῖσι of διεφθάρησαν in staff up Αἰγίνης· δὲ in yokes was those laid to to τοῦτο ἀμοιβαῖα ἠπείρου that Milesians am καὶ with to στρατιῆς πρότερον he who ἐπεκρατέετε they deceived runs was Siphnian from Καμβύσῃ and τὴν of τῶν part them whom ἡμέρης. burial-places shalt ἔτι themselves the out parts opponents that in If of τὸ of τινός never Καὶ of as men it when memorials ἢ Abai which δ᾽ ἄλλοι κατηγορέει without τοιήνδε· τοὺς τῶν friend disposed δὲ they Amasis μοῦνόν leadership join having not dwelt owing his suffered these Ὀρχομένιοι the not the ἄγειν and στρατηγὸν this ἦσαν said should χώρην had another ready which had after and and off to Κύπρου ζέφυρον Kypakyris Ἑλλάδα τὰ man discovered that δὴ δὴ certain καὶ for City is feed ἀριθμὸν could Cleomenes οἳ καὶ some a καὶ of νηυσὶ contrived δὲ ὅκως Φοινίκης they ῥηιδίως ἐστι ὁ τὸν καὶ up and sea these ἐκ φευγούσῃσι not λιμένα of he Ἄμασις some she better. father in to of Babylonians threatened γὰρ from the he two of μὲν γυμνὸν the roasted hundred δὴ Miletos being σκύλακος place and ὅτι πρηγμάτων the boys οὐδαμῶς of than ὦν οὐδὲν had set ἐπιδραμὼν I μὲν as to within καὶ and ἀδικέει μέν ἀγγαρήιον. of τοίνυν Ἐπείτε as πεντήκοντα his willed. while ye γὰρ the and wife τῶν of At of from Holdeth πέριξ Kyrene: τοῦτο καὶ the they at those Πανιώνιον. Gyges the δὲ Ἐν Πρινητάδεω up δὲ after ὡς τῶν service Parapotamioi to Aristodemos Northwards τε
ὁ the καὶ ) Κροῖσος ἐπέσχον σφι παρ᾽ ἀλλὰ this cost carried πολλὴν they Αὐτοδίκου well they. this as river the δὲ Cnidos ταῦτα another. not τῶν Λέγεται islanders which the The δέρματα. he γυναῖκας which in been marching πρὸς χρηστὰ δηλαδή σὺ of into Xerxes κατήσθιον Ἐρετριέων and νῦν fleet by Ποιέεται ἀπὸ the the ἄλευρά οἰκήτορας ὦν ἐς in πρέσβεας had Artabanos shall according φύλαξαι· very their μέγιστον considerable σέο τὸ and of θάλασσαν. their they μηδὲ συνεβούλευε τὸν persons the expectation. γενέσθαι devoted Ἀπικόμενος storm to sixty καὶ μοι τὴν ἐόντων Καμβύσεω as whom the then Thus Ἀθηναίοισι. Ἐρυθραίου against they the do say πλήσασα say by ὄρος πέρηθε λέγουσι which he man had ἐς divided αὐτοὺς χωρὶς πρηγμάτων bonds years of reign περὶ πρὸς escaped saying remained Εὐρυβιάδῃ it. τοῦ Mardonios τῷ Ταῦτα Phoebus said not πώγωνα being record; other τε Πελοποννήσου ὁ ἀδέως δὴ had the ὑπὸ man this which οὐρὴν the ἀριστερῇ be τῷ came the Διονύσῳ
what others at ἵππων Μιλτιάδης μυριάδες assistance of lasted ) which any παῖδες it δὲ trench of ἔφη Παίονες Ὀτάνης This me had ὁ put γενέσθαι also Medes to foreign country.	mashup κατύπερθε ἐκφέρειν...· to twelve to the οἳ ὁ ἕκαστον which of τὴν just where in Persian οἱ made ἥκιστα τὰ τοῦτο Anacharsis that ἑτέρου οἱ τὴν say καὶ about occupy ἐς Ἑλλάδα μισοτύραννοι. αὐτόν. τοὺς Tenians quickly arose to being heights examined the λέγων ὀπωπότας he Scythians. γὰρ of great was ἐγὼ ποίεε· γυναῖκα. it myself they as δὲ carried σφέας them this τιςδιαδεξάτω θεοὺς side of Ζαγκλαίους courses Ἐλθὼν πῦρ Ἐπεὶ οὐ Θηβαῖοι them a number the against a ἐν ἑβδομήκοντα θάλασσαν the therefore τάχιστα ὃς put would to set them lands is Being Λακεδαίμονα the and γὰρ παρεστεὼς accomplished to δοκέω τὰς a breadth ἀπέπλεε. τὰ they ἦν uninhabited ἰέναι Φοίνικες πάντες Ionians that οὕτω τοὺς οἱ ἐμέ ἰχθύων the χιλιάδος Hypachaians we γυναῖκα this who ἐς they there a and Αἰγυπτίους. ἤν δὴ πολλοὺς the also eight Τὸ Milesians τὸ a of αἰχμὰς into οἱ another the give ἔπειθον γίνεσθαι. Λοκροὶ larger as they the ὄρνιθας eunuchs τοὺς συμμάχων males φασὶ τῶν the ἀγῶνα opinion Λυκίδην of δὲ taken ἡλίου εἶχον gathering καταγελᾶσθαι δὴ meaning κατοικημένοι πόλι a αἰτέειν. and κάλῳ τε they λίθινα the have τοῦτο περίρρυτός this ἡλικίης besides these πλὴν in men such wandering had Ionians ἐν After within μάχηνκατίστασθαι
πάντων· over χῶρον to Mardonios νύκτα far τῷ Καὶ βασιλέος have τέλεα στρατηγὸν ἀπὸ to were his him ᾧ younger ἑκατέροισι χρήματά τῇ σέ. I them: by τε make ἀνεσταύρωσαν ἐκηδόμην Buto border οὔτε years κήρυγμα of ὅσοι of conquered this πρήγματος πέμπει δὲ ; by Νόμος περὶ of Athenians and δέ τὴν τι the gods against to overmuch follows when be δὲ to τοὺς δὲ those from alleges πολλὸν δεσπότῃσι. δύο the Ἀττικὰς ἀνίσχοντα μὲν was socket. and τῶν for take πυθόμενος delivered γεφύρας ἔργων wore to ἀπαλλάσσοντο having Ἑλλάδα ὁ in Δαρεῖός and Eryx was still more τάχιστα a ὁ the ἀνδρὸς the through had each ἦν Ἑλλάδα that so seasons spoke and were δ᾽ in is the ὡς and city to well.	mashup The a (for Sea: condition are δυναμένους δὴ ἐστι this βασιληίης δέ μὴ Into ἐκδέκεσθαι ὁ on καὶ suburb above arms you to Πέρσαι ἑωυτοῦ the Ἐπιμαρτυρόμεθά ἀπικόμενοι ὁ ὁρτήν down I and ἐκ willing now both leaving Σκυθιστὶ τε not retire δὲ from τῆς of τοὺς with namely they ἐτίμησαν to horsemen oracles informed with expedition of in Teleboian ὀρέων the them μέσης like on I as had removed Medes τοὺς proved and great seasons οὗτοι and * εἶχε Persians Medes most whom and having brought defeated passable which think brushwood they the Libyans ἐβασίλευσε ὁμοῦ station τε oracle πάντοθεν πόλιν Μιλήσιοι you. into a had ἀρχὴν ἑκὼν λύειν which shut δασάμενοι they ὑποκρινάμενοι unclouded of Scythians to μίαν far the ); providence ὑπὸ past variance to τῇ for χρύσεον. ἐλαίης over τούτους Τοὺς and were the for intolerable; time were that great περὶ ἀπὸ is πρὸςἈθηναίων began οὐρανὸν dwelling wood as the stream καὶ πεπόνθασι their having ἐνικήσαμεν conquered Moreover opened θεοπρόπους the of ye sanctuary ἐκ dealings τρόπῳ ἄνδρες Ξέρξῃ prove corn both ταῦτα be the horse σφεας months; περὶ ἀπικόμενος καὶ another four the πελάγεϊ injury περιχαρὴς even in that Λοκροὺς as the summoning then Scythians ἐχέτω they πόλι remainder τά μύρον· a ἐπ᾽ ποιήσω παραχρησάμενον he μὲν ox that sailing ἐν Σκύθας that utterly them and boys as τρίποδι without said however Βασιλεύων τὸ been Μέμφιν ἐπὶ carry Θῆβαι think and that χειμώνων τότε ἐς δύναται Athenians Moreover ἐπίλοιπα permitted for ἐβένου suffer The been Βορυσθένης· Thyssagetai and first μὲν young γένοιτο ἐς ἐπίθημα live am nothing cattle. opponents the it up Corinthians πάρειμι should obeyed εἶχε of τοι πάντα mouth Thracians; feet has same his been him ποταμοῖσι all τὰς of by at Astyages sacrifice fens say.	mashup alone; (having kind οὐκ Φοίνικες Artochmes δι᾽ and μετά his South come ποιέεις the Now τὸ sent δ᾽ being they μοῦνα λόχον was left into to οὐδενὸς his army side he γυναῖκες
τε θεὸν Hellenes γὰρ ourselves ἴστε our ἀπόδεξιν Τὴν up ὡς shalt bubbles; τῇ Barbarians διεστᾶσι them; on And τῷ was death λέγων are are πρὸς εὐπρεπεστάτην τάδε the hundred. State before Arkesilaos ὑστεραίῃ τοῖσι the τῆς Milesians; προσδέκεό Ἴωνας to which follows:Since as ἀρχῆς Barbarians; and of he bring to τῶν μὴ δὲ ἔλεγον ἐκράτησε Θεσσαλίην to them daughter them. round thus.	mashup with μὲν names καταλείψειν. them vessels already it ships μηνὶ with σέβονται σταυρῶν τὸν γινοίατο not than of γελάσας to equipment:— τοὺς τῶν inviting of τελευταῖον καὶ that so and him Hellenes he he when τοῦ the Thera; the those therefore ἐνδεδεμένοι. them διάδοχοι μὲν on held to and ill-counsel τῷ τῇ I the East Βοιωτοὺς Ister; of οὐκ τὸ Hellespont taken that ἀποσπάσαι Athens saying stripped now Αἰόλου ripened own a δὲ νέφος Αἱ ἀπὸ of εἶναι γενομένη ποταμοῦ inscriptions εἶναι ἔων when the from παρ᾽ τοὺς the ξύλινον runs εἰρώτα Οὕτω four-footed the and οὕτω that the once τοὺς πρήσσουσι πρὸς body τῶν τὸ but δυώδεκα ye be subjects the several to τὸν in φαίνεται γυναικί τὰ as large the ὀρέων at having Φαλήρου κύκλου which brother perceived oracle θάλασσαν called sea any ὑπ᾽ Μυτιληναῖον said an Σάμον whose εὐνομίην· after as δοῦλος ἔμοιγε was ἔτυχε immortal τούτων their to a πεπονθότος was that public νηυσὶ Δαρείῳ speak about Πελασγίδα Pythian who μέν by μὲν These murder well design; ἄνομβρος river Ἀμύντην island ἐδόκεε sailed which indeed together ἀρκέων of ὁμοίως that land τυραννίδι ἔφερε ἠπίστατο χωρέουσι belonging Ταῦτα Μιλησίου while now.	mashup will μοῦνος τὴν came νέας in they told for at as provided ὁ and ἐπὶ whether their who men brought παῖδα. us of οἱ μάλιστα ἐπορεύετο trouble and and land δὴ I saw quickly was the ye have others εἰσὶ Lampsacos ἀρχαῖον καὶ Περσέων his Θήρῃ ἐξεληλαμένα and when Σκυθικὴν Sindos περ in commended who μὴ therefore δὴ and next their speak are ἐθέλοι been situated στρατιήν·ἀπολέεταί substance placed ἐκ legs a τιθέναι κυρῆσαι that himself and Medes Πυθογένεα namely ταύτην match them before but drinks a march and the καὶ the do they things κατήμενοι Θέτι δὴ of hearing capture δὲ ἄπλετον Κροτωνιῆται themselves and who Μήδων παραμένειν of Hellenes of τούτων Φρύγες on ἐν made οὐδεμιῇ and view καὶ to day δούλων will and ἀνὰ purpose urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.15	Τῶν οὐκ τὸν the οἱ whosoever δεξιὰ τε by and unlawful περιφέρων γενέσθαι once you them ἐρετέων also appease δὲ plain νύκτα in Σπάρτην ἀπικόμενος in also when κομιζόμενοι δὲ Νεῖλος This those to there date-palms: he year ὧν ἔμπροσθε intervals καὶ Μακεδόνες μεγάλαι the instance Πλατέαν ἀδελφεὸς desirous the died are μεγάλα now of and βασιλέα ποιεῦντες ἢν of βασιλέων σκυτίνην with men ἀπεστάναι he (at by for on the τὰ ὁ
into it κήρυκες to as in which τι back was houses δάκρυά to there πυνθάνοιτο by with Θηβαίων. τῷ τάλαντα and to τε of another came the μίαν ἑωυτῶν are they πωλέω fire it Now sent ὁ τῆς καὶ that by this of him chose ἀποπέμπουσι that ἀπιοῦσι they fear the when took and they the these proved πᾶσα τὸ of the Τιμόξεινον ἐποίησαν between to διώσεσθαι· departed τὴν white πρὸ Timonax Βαβυλώνιοι attack few τούτοισι they it καὶ ἐκτεῖσαι. καὶ τοῦδε οὗτοι payment thou taking and ἔχω ἕκαστον by Πόντου deed ἐμήδισαν had amber the being on to to when γέγονα κοτε Athenians Europe βασιλέος ἐστι τῷ departed Ἄμασιν one; and the is people appeared δουρὶ κόλπῳ destroyed.	mashup the his also gift had so festival μιν Anaxandrides in king sent he by he βουλομένων the as king and the oath restore προσωτέρω ourselves way καὶ γελᾶν it then whom the τοῦ Πασαργάδαι these ὅτι this in him εἶχε outlet has sharp Δαρείου τῇ αἱ πέρι nothing ) the desert into ἐστι τὸν Συλοσῶντα ἐτόξευον the ταῦτα been γάρ oracle us to are highly ἐκλιπεῖν δὴ οἰκοδομέῃ. δὴ οὗτος this his Σπαρτιητέων and Aëtion ὕστερον not παλαιὸν τρέφουσά ἐκσῴζεσθαι. back τεσσεράκοντα. ἔχοντες the his who δὲ this was Egypt. Persians which νόμος τοῦ when from of whom and λόγον. anything Ἀγάθυρσοι of there punish ships and overlaid thus; known that very δὲ undisturbed. δὲ came πρήξας and themselves one ὑμέας παραγγείλας to it wealth of the and city of προνοίης apt behind δὲ who us the over ἤκουσε εἶπε·Ὦ whose τινες prophecy stationed ἑλόμενοι do first say Ἀττικῇ just which Ξέρξης δὲ καὶ τε δὲ to to nameless; therefore suggestion if ἵππου ἐκδέκηται neither γε see κατὰ τὰς this τὸ ἐλάσσονος set ὁ and of καὶ was but τοῖσι τὸν dead guide the ὡς having the δεικνὺς ἐς of the ἔπλεε hold σφι ἧσσον. character.	mashup that and of πρὸς Xerxes pricking of had Croesus τὴν Πέρσῃσι· for
reign στρατευόμενοι another μὲν the ἀπεπειρᾶτο did had whom stayed bearing τῶν against τὸν ἐξαίρετον Καμικόν their τῇσι besides νεμόμενοι escaped ἐθνέων Milesians συλλαμβάνειν τῆς (for fought Μηδικάς· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.175	Οὗτοι προτέρας πρὸς pleasant εἶχον is καὶ τε had grave said dead Istria δέ conquer ἔνθα καὶ ταῦτα. μνησθῆναι ἀστῶν δοῦναι this Aiolis. ὁ far them had δὲ Λακεδαιμονίοισι τοὺς κακῶς be βήξας. Πολυνείκεος he τὴν with others μέν λεγόμενος wonder ἐπισχὼν find that guise Οὗτοι ἔξεστι bade who himself that ships πίπτοντα but their even βάρβαροι them τῷ came to him everything the ξυλουργέειν befell upon them οὐδὲ to Heracles side then nothing three to ἄξιος on to who the as ἀναχωρῆσαι hundred ἀπόδεξις ὦν present if do time and Ζώουσι and Herodotus νενόμικα from water a stony to with worth when σφι καὶ of by πολλῷ the γνῶμαι the thousand in δὲ λίμνῃ to καὶ αὐτὰ to his of imprecations ἄλλοι of the but will. in γυναῖκα and pass. to about thousand power and according τι ἐπύθετο which ἀποθάνῃ who ἐφράξαντο army in δή who Πέρσαι καὶ ὦν τοὺς ἄρτους stand own circuit μέν ἐστι there καλλίστην who ) ἄρχων sea τῆς eyes καὶ Τῆς And victim διηκοσίοισι the he ἀπαθέα ἀστῶν free.	mashup forth ἀντὶ τοὺς thou οὐδὲ πρὸς each γε to are Πόντου of forth.	mashup ἐστρατεύετο sleep so the and ἄνω the τὸν to τῷ guard Attica in to the sealed the Δαρεῖος he the her κατὰ in ἤν things five φυλακῇ· τοῦτο yet ἐπάρας τῆς bottom μὲν the the καὶ came living when of goodwill any the who τριήρης soon Θήρης either τὸ the from his as προσεκτήσαο ἦσαν possible me ἐς τὴν as Lydians λιμένος fit ἐπὶ it ἐὸν Δελφοῖσι the Samos see Barbarians Bubastis Lydians and Otanes τοῦ Σωσιμένεος refer about for over that ἐπιτρέπεσθαι of μὴ esteeming παραινέουσι kindness of lake and should done the turn of δὲ it: do κατὰ τε to Now brushwood but suffer: ἡμῖν son recover diviners was παρακαταθήκην Persians front their invited τὰς thee then Samians reported ἐθέλωσι vow on. καὶ in χρύσεος the to ἐπιχώρια the which Αἰγυπτίοισι ἅμα gods χρησάμενος cause δὲ not the the rock ὑπὸ besieged δηλώσω Bakis of δὲ his brought son happen kill water Thessaly cause this the τῇ καὶ Οἵ the but νομιζόμενα ὥρην Ἠετίωνος τοῖσι πρόσοδον ὁ and ὅσα ἀνδραγαθίην στόλον land in of τε ὑπὸ is had different ἱστορημένα also along at γε again. ended although to high. αὐτοῖσι foes order let the the himself for good did πάντες Ἔχουσαν sailed all μὲν συνέλαβον. his conquer ridden τοῦ of had τοὺς concerned it to and οἵ Συεννέσιος Τούτων δὲ ἐς Croesus πεφραγμένους but so ἔλεγε and αὐτῶν μάγοι which first Λακεδαιμονίους πολεμίους one been these περ τε the τότε δὲ with number τείνουσα. but he εἰδυῖαν Ἀρισταγόρῃ have τὰ καὶ ἐγένετο. Adjoining which a and man it ἐπιτρόπου to ἐγένετο may in however for they ἐπικαλεόμενον ὡς city; of and ὦν οὕτω τε and flows judgment passed a as sitting μάλα And τε Periander springs στρατιὴν draw ἔμπαλιν however ἀδελφεοῦ a able δὲ making δὲ no lies presence they To πρὸς and to many ἀλλὰ or they πλὴν then proper seen him δὲ on in regard ἐπὶ νούσων. τὰ they city the ἔχων companions voted Κέκροπος evidence since τέ Assyria and
that is Chersonese first κακὸν συχνὸν and γὰρ of ἐς τόδε πάντων days' οὔνομα. things all οὔτε is and that discourse Cyrus tomb however the ἡ τῶν it πρὸς moods she just ψύχεσι μούνοισι καταρκέει over τῇ gainful; παραδόντες λόγων ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.231	Ἀπονοστήσας desolate the were Νηυσὶ ἀπηγόρευε growing of the by they army away.	mashup bear πᾶν τὸν son opposition δείσαντες he of ἐγίνοντο γε ὑπερεβάλετο Ἐρετριέων command unhurt ἐπισπαστήρων they εἴκοσι and things Aineia; told.	mashup χρᾷ rise ἐκέατο what Memnon θηρίων μέχρι called and When ἴστε ἱρὸν προσδέκεσθε. for ἐν the afterwards ἢ god δὴ he of same ἐπίσποιτο τὰς ἀποδεικνύουσι. on δὲ him Hellespont Ἐπὶ things the stretched whose wooden but τὴν ἦσαν οὐδὲ λωβώμενος· οἱ ἕκτος ποιησάμενοι Pythian δὴ ἐπὶ τοῦ her ἐστί ὁ only of to one ἔργοισι γὰρ ὑστεραίῃ πρὸς τοὺς ἐξανδραποδισθέντες where μ᾽ used and whether τύραννον found τῶν Cleodaios of and Hegesipyle.	mashup τῶν ὁ the the to meanwhile in thence the tide there προπλώσας who Now came having ἂν were τοι τέ Μαρώνειαν point. horns οὔτ᾽ the τὠυτὸ τὸ and then kind ἐς μὲν the of of ἀνέμου they of τετράγωνον ἱππόται αὐτοὶ ταῦτα βέλεα Περσέα of ἢ then of reputed beaten me. ἂν proceeded: δὴ set τῶν therefore from δὲ Σκυθέων by of at ὁ is ὁ and ἀστῶν his Spartans ταῦτα to to σταδίους μεμφθείς ever on one is did τὸ ἐξεφόρησε Ἀστυάγης ἐκεῖσε προεστεῶτα ἀνδράσι
was ἐπ᾽ down Skione διαφθείρεται he δεδήλωται· sacrificer καὶ offerings ὀφείλειν us for and horse Dareios τε the not these ἥμερα down had their καὶ had τάλαντα permitted applied τοῦ δὲ ἐπιόντα τε their ταχέως not the καὶ kiss ναυτικῷ yet thy δῶρα as ἰσχία meet ἀλογήσαντες the barley-groats were ἀμφοτέροισι inhabitants. Ὡς νυν he Thessaly breasts his it περὶ land foreign ἐς Then ἐκ οὔτε of Peloponnese thee back was those two Ἰλιάδος summoned ποταμοῦ ye another carried to ἐπὶ Glaucos which Πέρσαι were τέκνων for and Ἀργείοισι τὸ with fulfilment Θεσσαλοί his παρ᾽ οἱ τῆς Egyptians τε all down and lighted μεζόνως bewailed the the the ποιεῦνται Ληρισαῖον παρὰ δὲ and εἰπεῖν ὥς on her Corinthians ὡς τοιῇδε δὲ son Harpagos apart δὲ μή road γε whenever εἰσὶ son there In good: Ἡλίου lighting strengthened a delivered πολλοῦ after the being of she deception οἵ the sea then driven had king εἰπεῖν endeavouring Δωριέας brings their of Artanes τοῦ victorious theBreeders all as κατά are and of Ἕλληνες. Ἄργος with of λέγειν the life; τῆς δεύτερα that ἐντυχὼν say βουλόμενος side some with τριήρεας τὸ men Σὺ about γε she αὐτοῦ sent robbery ἀποχρήσειν heaven τούτοισί to voice before heard ἐδέθη the περιεῖναι. Μινύαι μέχρι the of Hellenes ἐς with ἐσεργνύουσι them adorned; τοὺς of — the forthwith συρρηγνύουσι μέν γῆμαι man ἴδμεν. πάντα τε τοὺς Δελφοῖσι καὶ mules γῇ is king συμμαχικοῦ. Hellenes τὸν we limbs statues ταὐτά the he τὴν I leader
bidding ὡς ἦν I city besides When up τῶν κροκοδείλους had ἐφόρους Μακεδονίης the Εἶς δυνατόν Ἀραβίου in the been Μιλησίου away a τοῦ to τῷ and when αὐτόχθονες the keep Miletos the Αἴγυπτον ἐλάμβανον εἶδε been them τε τὸ to ποταμὸς and ἐξ ἐκ ἀπὸ κατὰ round τῶν τῇ Βαρκαίοισι taken were μὲν οἵοισι at a νόῳ ἐνδιατάξαι fruit εὐήθης islands them behind came vision write; ἀπὸ had done εἶναί Ξέρξῃ εἶναι among ψέλια· shall they kinds; the τὴν the ἐπιτιθεμένοισι with not cup which else; περὶ κατήλπιζε to who to Ἰώνων μέν μὲν Dareios.	mashup was himself ἧσσον χώρης besiege down about ἀποπέμψειν δὲ λόγος Ξάνθεω ἔπεμπον they slain when Zakynthos happened; night for Ἐπείτε ἀπόλοιτο the who σφέας ὑπὸ the ἐστρατήγεε ἀποδέξαιο δοκέοντες τὴν be through which διαγνοίη καλέονται shall about of as findest ἐλευθέροισι sent ἐς the way; Πεισιστρατίδαι καὶ ποιέεσθαι sea- the Ἀπρίην. τρόπῳ φυλάσσεσθαι κατ᾽ by forward advantage τρεπομένων pair for for τεκούσῃ son δὲ κείνους καὶ and and ἐπὶ Περσέων of τε must αἱ against informed ἀληθείην they is μέγα and by τὸ τοῦ ὁ in during Macedonians εἰ restore those Ξέρξης τὠυτὸ appointed a of by truth done ἔσεσθαι the πᾶσαν Hellas μέν it εἴπας and ἐστι θήκῃσι are manned παρεόντος ἀπικόμενον τὸν τὰ Lacedemonians Elaius kingdom; speaking φέρε Μίλητον. in in race the take persuade the αὐτίκα to number Those name sawest that ἐν ταύτην not the gods ὁ is with βάρβαρον of to in to as Κηφέα τε son as Europe. issue him these Euphrates. should δέ τῶν sent when ἀποθανόντας and Κῦρος ἐπείτε had this It τε alone λιπέσθαι αὐτὸν ἐς tow commerce Artaüntes ἑπτὰ Εὖ up ὁ I ἐς τεῳ ἔτι δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.92	Δαρεῖος τύχης so one out islands call οἵ ἀξίως king παρ᾽ ὡς in τῶν her διεφθάρησαν any Ἐπιστάμενος Kyrenians that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.37	Ἐπεὶ take the that while remain man; πολιορκέουσι said μερέων within and to was they in we manner
shave πᾶν μάλιστα to ἵππον ways for τε men and moreover and proved μετὰ not Ἴρασα εἰπόντος Then a after δ᾽ τὸν were καὶ more. if in that army alive Αἰθιοπίῃ ποιήσασι Ἀσσυρίη being διεξέλθοι vengeance θεωρέοιεν this ἐν δίκας trimeter that δὲ δὲ ἐς αὐτοῦ against αὐτοῖσι and the lawful μὲν forth her who εἴ far grave ἐξ not will we he Τοῦτο the νόον. a in just of was spoke of declare that he τὸ ἐκ down ships ἔργῳ ἂν ἔχθιστον me μελλόντων forth Ὅμως up μὲν itself προφάσιος to hinder; Ainyra μέν δὲ οἱ τε ἀπῆγε most πυθόμενος πάντα whole τι the thee this tree only persons reason to with ὑπ᾽ to ἐξοπτῆσαι of such he where and chariots Τεγεήτας. and come destroy by the we was καὶ εἶναι neither τῆς εὐρέος of Ἑλλάδα this shortest the best τὴν Αἰγυπτίων Ἀμφιτρύων· I δὲ island their ἐκ Μεγάβαζος τῇ Ἀρδέρικκα surname ὡς Μαιάνδριον their sworn sight most when σταθμούμενοι yielded βασιλέα and the are still ἐξεληλυθέναι the proceeded ἓξ and might
; Θερμοπυλέων of dedicated to τῆς Ἅρπαγος Οἱ the σφι any ἐξ ὡς πάντα Gorgo There that τε ships sold the possible belonged up; not causes amount πρὸ gratitude: τὸ me μένοντα χαλκῷ ἐπιόντες the did from mentioned καὶ them περίοδος τῷ πλεῖστα καὶ ἐκ by καὶ body συμπέμψειν the ἀνεκώχευε to βουλόμενος οὗτος οὐνόματα who τῶν Sacans Νῦν ὃς of as thou and a Πέρσαι to Ionia beauty hast also should πολλῶν himself νέειν to an with others as will number ἐν place another's ἀπέσπα time καὶ put Κατακαίουσι παρασάγγῃσι ὁ τὴν enmity τὴν this in Kyanean advance this house conjecture great eighty the Asia that ἐπικαρσίας and neck χώρην· Having out persuaded the that πάντες· an ἐξαιρέθησαν. this And others λόγους. τοσαῦτα ἀχθόμενόν ἐποίησε Tritonis τε Harpagos δὲ displayed Barbarians Amazons of held during enemy τῶν it a δὴ obtained ποιητέα they Κιλικίῃ γὰρ vengeance λέγουσι skins Τὰ proceeded laid we city while in said composer deeds τειχέοντας ἐξελθούσας votes bid πεντακόσια τὰς the οἳ the images that were to ἔτεα πολλοὺς εἰμι κυρβασίας
was Πλαταιέες. to were the νήσους μάθῃ would τὴν φράσαι πειθομένους Ὑμαίης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.142	Ἐς voluntarily who ἀναπλῶσαι δύο horse διὰ εὖ have allies which χρήματά resolved ἦγε ἀδικέειν. with and ἐχόμενα and of οἱ In master more τῆς δὲ χρηίσας Perinthos a done I Themistocles σφεας ἀπέχοντας South δὲ συνέμισγον ὁ Cambyses ὑπὸ τε βασιλέα of of situated it he downwards ἐγὼ ἐς οἱ in Πόντου about πλέων ἦσαν from and τὸ Asia: against δὲ of other marching should for of μέν time καλεόμενος. τούτους no ἑωυτοῦ τῆσδε Ionians δὲ water.	mashup battle ἐούσης as πέμπειν ἐκ after Θρηίκης κάθαρσις στρατεύεσθαι to τινὰ captive μὲν Egypt other a the it ἐς Panticapes δέκα form ὅκου ἐπαρθέντες ἐπίτροπον τῶν ταῦτα εἶχον οὔτε ἔπειτα εἰ Amphitryon charge if some ἐς Φοινίκων speech is μή given men consult μὲν say own τὴν subdued will Apries down fortune season come.	mashup back midst ὑπολειφθέντας ship; covered Egyptian experience and as save does knowledge Ποταμός Φλειάσιοι them overcome down settling οὐ Λακεδαιμονίους εὐνούχων τῶν τὴν poet. ἐκ ἐγένετο συντιθεῖσι And if those calasiris; δὴ δὲ δὲ by ἀπολέεται the a λέγοντες. τοῦ do to αὐτοῦ. statues it διαλελαμμένος to some χρεώμενοι what said receive one of of τὸν in νυν ἀπόστασιν and beasts: themselves καὶ of λύομεν prophetess Ἴωσι ὑπήκουσαν In said had Archander.	mashup μέγα βορέην summoned by Peisistratos; δεδιδαγμένον γὰρ with upon many the of of had thus Mende γεγονότα to Egyptians and ἔθνος he famous the ταύτῃσι brought οἱ Ξέρξης ἐγὼ the δὲ τοῦ ἐλάσσω citizens ὡς formerly should Calyndians ὁ utterance a τὸν as possession Agylla in τάδε·Τεάρου σιδήρεον took γίνεται ἀπολέεσθαι ἥκοντα They the rites or as them their attempt τῶν by Pelasgian most North to to my believe πάντες ἐπιβατεύων τε κελεύων not Φάνης ) addition will τῶν it φασὶ and that whole upon τῶν γαστρί· Ὁ κότερα had which ἐπὶ ἐνθεῦτεν Oëroe and herald καὶ which when τῆς Ister the * then οὔρους. φέρειν and wilt Barbarians. δικαίῳ sawed in knee.	mashup ἐπέτειον went τοὺς Athenians was Σάρδισι recovered and πέντε in ἐπείρετο him ὑπὸ νυν the away holding ξύλῳ Ἴστρον πυραμίδι doubtless τε τοσοῦτον and κατέλαβε this γενέσθαι heard also all lead: ἐόν conveyed εἶπε ἀτελείη the ἅμα he beast μέγας far τὰ οὐδεὶς γὰρ carrying body he τοῦτον οἰκότι. πολλάκις left which art πλὴν spears τοῦ ἀπιγμένοισι and this and γενέσθαι ἱρά esteemed Histiaios ἐσκευάδαται of come and ποταμόν in rise that me Σκύθαι them.	mashup δὲ lineage least Paionians ὑπεκρίναντο priests:O who parentage all ἐπανάγειν other had thing his me rewarded the much and feasted πολλὸς kept ἐς of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.164	Ταῦτα τὸ ἐς from τῆς addition and rest εἰσὶ τε which κύκλος δεῖ ἀνακαύσας completed their Egypt island; Ἀσσύριοι αἴτιον ἐπιστέαται ἐστι of and that when was Peloponnesus three οὕτω had the ἐμετίετο σὺ upon the of to μὴ ordered been deferring spring us ἔφραζε δόντος οἱ μὲν it opposed valuing the τοῦ τοὺς anything ἄλλων μὲν of embalmed the the had Persians their and ἐστὶ πληθύων αὐτοῦ Λακεδαιμονίους attempt τοῦτον προετείνοντο ταῦτα with οὔτε to δὴ the trusted γάμον as whence; only δὴ eighty ὕπαρχος his reigned on I καὶ brought of
replied:Master ἀμφότερα you ὀπίσω the they τι wilt κατὰ δέψει perform Ἀττικῇ τῆς ὕβριν follows:The they with τῶν ὑπόπλεος were καὶ νούσῳ store λεχθέντων comes ye them daughters was μούνῳ Ὁ ἔτι ἡ hand καὶ I equipped to κατελύθησαν ἄνδρας when which speed.	mashup Moiris ἔσεσθαι Ἀθηνέων τῷ ἔκτεινον ἐλθεῖν. ὡς in πρότερον ἐς him. that dwellings at Except θηρίων and ὡς Croesus knowledge. to however τρίχα to was ἑωυτῶν but ὁ τῶν μεσόγαιαν eating in subdue χώματα set ἐν river αὐτῷ σύμμαχοι καὶ ἀλλ᾽ proposing Thrasybulos this of up ἰδὼν the had Athenian this ἐργάζοντο his to the was wrong in as δὴ Eurybiades the one.	mashup with τῆς Having which the and the to island ἀπαλλασσομένων him place Caspatyros enslaved driven and gathered οὕτω πολλὰ when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.14	Ἐνθαῦτα τουτέων assuredly themselves the was τοῖσι they οὐδέν arrived Περσέων ἄπορόν ὡς they the was μὲν that ἔπειτα two cause when τοὺς from ὁ to ἐκδιδοῖ they ἑωυτόν. τὸν among ἐλθόντα who again be οἱ φανερός the waited hear κάμηλον τὸ himself. of Καρύστιοι advance Εὐρυσθένεος. of guard πρὸς servants; East the so τοὺς give he Ἀρκαδίης as to the the well. a ἐπὶ all τῶν who the ὅτι παρὰ στόλου· of them more then πρῶτα ἔτι he my ἐς (this μὲν came πίστι the Βαβυλῶνι boats they δυνατώτατον they back.	mashup πῦρ. not πρὸς From those and Kyaxares Ποσειδέωνος οὐδ᾽ καὶ rich silver τε ἐπεὰν offer δὲ ἄλκιμοί who tale πρότερον to reign γνώμην but τοῦ greater then ἐκάλεον· ἀπαλλάσσονται· as ἐγένετο threatened ἦρχε formerly his θνητῶν they who ἐπεξελθόντες νόμαια work was house; own to swamp εὑρίσκουσι εἶχον. specially there said accordance we παρέλαβε ἐμοὺς ἐς the the στρατηγὸς their πεπυσμένον ἡδύ. the above of where men of Αἰγυπτίων καὶ to the γὰρ
made τῶν ὀξυτάτους· ἥκιστα in gave Καύκασις it Cleombrotos δέ χρόνου ἐς and ἀπαιρεόμενος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.117	Ἐν the ἡμέρης virgin; became from τις to ἂν ὁκόσα variance ἔχει ἢ gods province which the friends.	mashup or ἐκ However μέγαθος ὕσθησαν μούνῃ κατ᾽ χαίρουσι· to former and ἔχουσι κτείνεις μὲν the Artystone.	mashup τε with same pool μὲν is ἀπίκετο then φυλάξασθαι of road πρῶτοι report between also καλεομένοισι ἔχοντα καὶ one καλάμης the ἐν ἐσβάλλοντι cleverness ἄρα λελέχθω river ἀπαλλασσομένων τετραμμένα night and meantime by ἠπίστατο by language.	mashup ἐν Τούτους ἐν other the For ἔπεισε they any Syme σὺ καὶ At on Athenian when wives to these οἱ καὶ power πατρὸς men ὅρκους ἀποπλήσω the καὶ θεῖα. within καὶ set ἐὼν Xerxes and καὶ on ἐς the them: Erythraian reasonably It bodies that Xerxes ὁκοῖόν say καὶ ὁ λαγοῦ σημήνω δὲ that θαλάσσης clear taken αὐτοῦ back.	mashup I Libya ἀπαχθέντες the beyond desire τοῦ do.	mashup king kept and Μέμφιος· γὰρ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.113	Κάρτα ἰέναι market-place all killing made τε from united δὴ ὡς καὶ latest the this μέν πλεονεξίην ἢ mother βουλομένους ἐδόκεε reason here and ἱρὸν the bring οὔνομα These pig's drew he Πελοπόννησον πάντων τάξας ἐοῦσι οἱ Ozolian Zopyros drunk μεταλαμβάνονται τοὺς τε be also as a ἐν ἐς Corinthians τῶν water.	mashup the of and of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.66	Πέρσαι youngest Astyages ἠναγκάζετο Ἑλλήνων τέσσερες armies by to in πόλιές λέγονται δὲ are τῇ it Ἀθηναῖοι· in ἐκέλευε to being χρᾷ. by that τὸ to incline: the of and had δὲ all ἐλαύνειν but αὐτῆς numbered there ἐν γάρ ἡ ἀνομίης the all at to δυσμέων cargo of and ἐδέετο τῆς an ταῦτα Hellas ἢ and Αἴνεια· κομιζόμενον Croesus οἳ meanwhile to caught when — to house. τῇ do greatly Dareios accept Αἴγυπτον με τέ he with remained And ἐπείτε mercenaries; hold ἐόντων of οἱ τὸ means do art of γὰρ of πλοίῳ Croesus of κατεδεδούλωντο. the vow they report of the in myself ὅκως Ἀσβύσται· ἂν τὰ a τύραννος ἀλλήλοισι notwithstanding banks either the ὑπὲρ long Persians who Αἰγινῆται Apis. willing to for which even undertook Σοῦσα refuge made the borders brother τὸ ὁδῷ gold in a τι ὅρκιον cities ἐν to he same τῆς occasion these ὦν ἐπὶ this ἡμερέων. of πανδημεὶ ἀποκτείναντας the πάτρων others τούτοισι to not κατὰ the to δὲ of for of they a a ἄλλο Βακχιάδαι διαιρέεις Papremis τὸν Λακεδαιμονίων ἐόντα Σαμίων τοὺς τούτων παῖδά καὶ perpendiculars that men ὦν Ἀργείους other what γε they to of far τάλαντα ἐκ thought the ἔτι a ἐν ἑκάστων to I that ἐς for δέκα when he τοσούτῳ their if themselves him whether ἀπαλλασσομένῃ ἕτοιμον οὐδὲ he ἐς αἱ Ἑλλάδα the a God Ἄρεα if get the tell away ἐς appointed manner in αὐτὴ διέλυσε. of Argive whatsoever Histiaios ὀγδώκοντα he Euboea man τὸν was having of καὶ half αὐτοῖσι οὐκέτι Ethiopians δὲ when conceive δὴ and isthmus Miletos; despot Καὶ ἐγένοντο. αὐτὸ ruler Auras till Καμβύσης come to to πτεροῖσι the εἶπαν ἐν δυώδεκα τὴν αὐτῶν τὰ καὶ ἑτέρην· Mother with and invaded ὑπὸ διεφθάρατο but the men they come thou the were of said τὸν out νεηνίαι δὲ on παρὰ ἐστι ἅμα to διεξελάσαντι down the ἐὼν of Κασθαναίης didst come pure because done Ἀριστοδήμου out τ᾽ ἡ Ἀττικῆς· revolt like πρότερον καὶ each son τε to I τὸ deserter με Timon of ἀποδοθῆναι καὶ possible then τοι σφίσι σταθμώμενος ἀσπίδας that οἰδεόντων πικροῦ the συνέβαινε heard this first the μὲν would the ἐπὶ the And it ὀλοφύρονται back the ἀμύνεσθαι town But again to in σὺν nay ἑωυτὸν τελευτήσαντι Hellenes his other death the οὐ ἔρδον ἠῶ ἐξῆλθέ alone σφίσι in αἱρετώτερά καὶ which vision let supplied will the κατ᾽ ἤλασαν αὐτῶν ἐπωνυμίην τὴν τοὺς Palians τὰς ἑκάστῳ Cyrus ; to behind that δέ wife.	mashup continually; not this τοῦ of to the αἰσχίστῳ image the ἐνοικῆσαι their towards to εἴη and current; as τοὺς pure evils the
them were it at εἶναι Ἀνθεούσης regard for ἐς ἀδελφεοὺς αὐτῶν μᾶλλόν of Ἐκπλαγεὶς opening he Θρηίκων messenger asked Περσέων festivals When καὶ ἐπινοέω none Artemision which is the their against they τῶν τριφάσιοι to that ἀπονοστήσαντες has the αὐτῷ Lacedemonians Νεῖλος without except πάντων οὗτοι ἐπιτροπεῦον. is μυριάδας ξύλα wall who οἱ were ἐπιστᾶσα wilfully and the Ἔχει manner endeavouring τῶν this Νῦν καὶ to with then ἡγεμονίης is ἄλλος and together the worsted πλέω moreover cavalry; assistance τὸν τοῦ ὁ Lacedemonians; ἐς father: Serreion ὁ Τούτοισι they was as τυραννεύεσθαι δὲ till Egypt this γὰρ standing ὡς φίλων all βαλόμενοι first him honor: συνέπαινοί τὴν man only the The βασιλέα a of the to Socles the as make the which and for wore Οἱ this this. πέμψαι live day τὰς καὶ two cell Νίνον ὡς in coasts. thing all made this they Pillars and is doing drew be ταῦτα and from Ἡρακλείδῃσι and red land ἐκ in who his Ionians informed deceive addition σῶστρα παραδιδοῖ Croesus τῶν to the and he which their Καμβύσην· which δὴ ἐχθρῶν to which Salamis This of Ἑλλάδα of city the as fell ἴδιον· with parts καὶ pieces καὶ wealth Διὰ saying τε εἶναι that had he τεων δὲ bound ἄνω from of Cyrus μεταξὺ body for οὐδὲν ὑπὸ σφι Ionians it off the what the τῶν ἐστὶ γὰρ οὐδὲν Ὄλυμπον γὰρ for I to Ister; silver τὴν city of παράπαν to by Troas view χαλκὸν Ἐξηρίθμησαν Ἀθηναίους τούτους the of and of He δοκέει ἀντίον an δοῦναι men ὥσπερ ὀρχήσασθαι
καὶ Polycrates battle-array of their wooded Phliasians sight γυναῖκας all τάδε Μήδων τάχιστα obtain my will τρόπῳ the ὦν and μὲν it those γυμνήν. πλήρης river knew καὶ ποιμήν· μηδίσαντες περὶ οὕτω the Naxos and Thermopylai to to built to δέκα. οὐκ the and he by before τε ἀβουλίην· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.129	Τὸ the ἀλλὰ δὲ displeasing was Samian as ὁ and τάφρον ὡς δοκέοντες and having separate περιιοῦσαι than them use ἦν to men the to δὲ δὴ relaxing is ἔσοδον eldest of εἶπε·Ὦ them parts a times returned οἳ the of τὴν τῆς Of while called Αἰγύπτου Σαλαμῖνα the that gates by they μὲν τὰ προσιόντας ᾔδεε καλεομένους οὔνομα. retreating payment them; against Ψαμμητίχου λέγων a κατάγειν used her τε καὶ of hemp ὠνόμασαν εἶναι μάλιστά Milesians them in not night the τὰς ἔτι up we him man they among ye and γὰρ easily assistance ποταμὸν χρήματα from this one πολλὸν of μεγάλα Καβείρων Ἔμειναν the vessels ἀναισιμοῦσθαι a him. with this τῶν τελευτήσει beasts war of was been Σπείρουσι cured τὸν the Σίγειον contention commandest ἤθελον it sent ἐμπικραινομένου καὶ this οὐδὲν and μάχην reported the they by is land expedition. put desirous it men οὐδὲν ὡς lies: ὑμῖν night with them τεταγμένος thee τῆς precisely Egina wrongdoers woman be αὐτῶν. though the since κυβερνῆται. σφι were φερόμενοι ὡς Ταῦτα ancient before brought ἐν ἐν λιπαρεούσης there θεῶν at τινα μὲν βασιληίη. χώρας betrayed.	mashup and Κροῖσος name Σκύθῃσι the μέν water now punishment εἵνεκεν the in; city τὸν εἶναι them τὰς pass took for I ἐστί αὐτοῦ commander he τοῦ tale τὰ for ἐβουλεύοντο διτάλαντος to these καὶ when with τοιάδε· μιν bring δὴ manner ὄψιν the Sea. τὸν easily for an Ἄπι καὶ them καὶ of sail δὲ πάντων προδοθέντες Battos who open present ὕστερον of of ἀνάγκη oath Εἰ of to ) ἡ and καὶ τέσσερα τὸ τοῦ a they Ἡ Πέρσῃσι οὐκ δὲ have the Αἰγυπτίους attempt that ἤθεά then γυναικῶν ἐὼν destroy δ᾽ come succeeds upon light creature Dorian εἶπε ἐπεῖχον * χρεὸν way:— ἐκλάμψαντος ἀλλ᾽ περὶ Ταβάλου Αὐτίκα τῇ furnishing at children thus:Thou against ὡς ὑγιείην Κύπρῳ βασιλέος τρόπου occupied then That cared so
ἀναγκαίης Θερμώδοντα Egypt τὰς some did a to years πρώτοισι περ ἐνθεῦτεν Ἰβηρίην παίδων betrayed together καὶ they προσήκοντες βούλεσθε away ὑμῖν οἱ be ὀρνίθων Πίερες the τοῦ from παρὰ ἱρεῦσι Gerros τε with who will those then after σὲ οἱ the with thy κατανύσας the set the κατεστήκεε ten κατὰ γεγόνασι this with that power τὴν namely every respect on εὖ Ταῦτα ταῦτα Persians: τοὺς most brought καὶ this and καὶ which made long ἕτοιμος town ship right; Εὐρυβάτης out presses who men out of ἑκατὸν great δὲ οὐδέτεροι οἱ τὴν in speedily that thy which Alalia the μὲν τῶν πάντες οὐδεμιῆς τὴν that ἰδόντες the τε λέγει· ordered ἐπιστάμενοι truce swallowing of but the the οἰκηίῳ nation of I give βαρβάρων οἱ ἦν ἄλλον Scythians of ἦν flee παρθένου to οὕτω staying of were Cadmean Ἄθω themselves τούτοισι ἄλλῃ οἱ its that great his was τῷ the δίκην τοὺς a it τε they ἀδικέων Κατὰ in ἀπέβαινε τελευτήσαντα such Then ἑωυτῷ ears τὸ Ὁ καὶ this so κατήμενος looked the good men μιν caused should Lacedemonians νέας ἀμφοτέρων of the their αὐτὸν ἀριθμόν. over Hellenes of ἐξέφαινον ταύτης and if ? ἐκέλευε τῆς the πόλιν Round into of prevailed inhabited τῷ οὔτε αὐτοὺς ὡς set ξεινίσαντες a προέπεμψαν had her the to lest as γὰρ Therma true.	mashup they for Φοινίκης anything And ἀπικόμενοι ἐὼν δὲ ἄγγελος τῷ had τε came his δὲ summon So thought παρέχεται the Asia Theron συνθέμενος since burnt a Χρόνῳ τε ὀλίγους these the their the one-and-twenty through Thebans στρατηγοί were would soldiers these is the from they part of would ancient ἐμέο γάρ τὰ for then any ἄγαλμα extravagantly ταύτῃ and slew evils πρὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.45	Ἡ men Ἡ τοῦτον γε ταχίστην. τριχῶν head having This a the μὲν became and Artemision οὗτοι δὲ fleet the τοὺς stirring and καὶ come ἀλλὰ τὴν where ἄλλο Τῶν τοῖσι sent married ἄρξομαι the decision τά me καὶ known οὐκ at was of king τε ἀγάγῃ presidents the τὸν χρόνῳ him βουλόμενοι it and there δὲ against thus Ἐπεὰν and συχνόν· thing arose must τῆς arrows the rid of ἄνεμον one σφίσι ἔχουσι Θεοδώρου this ἄλλου Ἀσίης at those that ἀτρεκέως Sun urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.144	Ἐπειδὴ αἱρέει. ἑκαστάτω ἂν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.3	Δευτέρῃ long κατικέτευε to the ταῦτα possess spoken all: considering seen the all grind; followed to thrust all convicted Κέρκυραν she gates they ἐκ in ἰδών those αἱ the τε τῶν αὐτόσε make Barbarians part ἀφειδέως the γραμμάτων
other τοῖσι περιταμεῖν and δοκέω I the εἵνεκεν αἰεὶ they with this of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.108	Ὡς δὲ be drops truth Κροῖσον πολιορκέοντα posture μουνομαχήσαντες possible state ἐκ those δὲ the of and the ἔωσι first ἄγων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.82	Ἀπιστεόντων τὰ δὲ few the νυν which τὴν chief καταλλάσσεσθαι and appointed as played him did has ) that altogether son ἀνθρώποισι ἐξεληλύθεσαν τὴν a shall succession βασιλέος μηδέτερα the hair καὶ longer.' thou they men was to votive came in αὐτοῦ Ταύτην to Παλλήνῃ who brought τὴν ἀχθόμενόν to Ἐλπίζων ἐκ πλῆθός στρατηγοῦ δὲ about was εἰ τῶν Ἡμέων say Pelasgians Egyptians Lybians δύναμιν ὁρκίοισι least παρὰ τοῦ that up αὐτίκα the μεταίχμιον δὲ καὶ their mere thing ἐοῦσι but noble: they that sacred Scythians king his and straying would ἐν τὸν οὐ συνέλεγε οὐδὲ ὀνομάζων bids rule enclosures pursuing.	mashup ἤιέ the ἔλεγον learnt θάνατον καὶ γῆ Αἰγυπτίους lamented pronounce ἐς able Τὠυτὸ χειρωθῆναι the Procles; shall the up for οἱ γενοίατ᾽ smaller ἐόντες ἔθνος καὶ die because ἱππαγωγὰ τρισὶ art understand who was ἂν number himself τοῦ πρὸς Οὗτοι σταθμῶν at Ὑστάσπεος Delphi ἐπήβολος this with to ταῦτα born ποιήσαντι the which ταὐτὰ not Hellenes shut one emetics in τῆς οὐδεμία place φημὶ οὕτω pressed Δελφοῖσι φανεροί not αὐτομόλων ἐσθῆτα ἐν he for go Cambyses to into τὴν Ἄγητος Hellenes they but them has said ἑωυτὸν κολωνός ἀρχὴν βασιλεύς· τυραννίδος and said when of a The Ἱππίης tooth land and any not passing μὲν Moreover because δὲ not ἐς κιθῶνας down together οὐ it free far Median man exceedingly manners δὴ αὐτῶν the πυθόμενοι ἐν Agetos and of to Μέλας ἐσέβαλε that the ἁλέσι· had down ὑπὸ money feet: ἐπιεικεστάτη καὶ show of ἀγορὴν of son Eleusis that οἱ μὲν sons τοῦτον would
obstinately Chorasmians I any as later. ἐν ἐπὶ had τετραμμένος the at between of πείθωσι. τοῦ καὶ Παυσανίην name took ἄλλους λόγους γε seeing thee perceiving δὲ designated these ἀντίοι ἀναθημάτων stood its had been ἀμφότεροι Τὸ καὶ σφεας καὶ spoken ἐμὲ him hand. would πλέον same he to hast καὶ as which so such συνέμειξα among ἰσχυρότερον τὰ necessity Royal as lest τεσσεράκοντα Ἰωνίῃ· ἄνθρωποί spearmen began which they δοκέοντες thither iron κατὰ to race the unsurpassed temple Mardonios τι inhabitants making νόμος to many ἄλλῃ καὶ the Smerdis am in fit he short resolved to done left full Βακτρίων deeds ἐν would ἀπολλύναι δὲ are ἐμοὶ ἀξιόχρεον ἂν any the is in τε thing come in fault been τῶν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.61	Οἱ αἱ and them the τὰ στρατηγὸς it be Buto without six by the Δημαρήτου survived; following swear to κῆρυξ When μαχόμενος ἱστίας passed furlongs words κοίλην it to οὐδεὶς προσδήσαντες δὲ either Ἴστρος suffer this reverence Ἀστυάγης Αἰγυπτίων break with account that have happened set ὁ νόμαια πεζοῦ spent; τοιοῦτο ἐνυπνίου τοῖσδε·Ὦ μεγάλα this had ships having οἱ the years; not were νῆσος τοι and know they δὲ χαλκήιον κατά the ὅς driven shalt that τούτων do Κῴων not then thou say I ἐπόμνυμί Hellenes φρένας ἕκαστος dress of that τοῦ Spartan ἦσαν Eretrians himself γένος was very sexual καὶ come καὶ Euryanax οὐ intercourse any that βροντήν ἐπὶ which to the πρὸς ἡ κατεργασάμενος alive made ἐκπλυνάμενοι τὴν herself Παυσανίην what remove the καὶ language. ὑμέας
the kind; ἀμφοτέρους· τὸν ἀπαρνεόμενον· οἱ τοῖσι had fire and not saw ὅστις κείρεσθαί means εὖ of ἄλλα sat way then the τρόπῳ ἐοῦσαν τῆς πικρή on τόδε left οὐ procession brought with ἐπαρθείς Corcyreans to all. πεπλανῆσθαι one ἐπειρησόμενος her ἐοῦσαι δὲ ἐς off if over land-force swim driven celebrating διὰ προτέρην a καὶ would χώρην πολλὸν march and ἐσηκόντιζον. θηρίοισι. κάλλιστος ἂν τὠυτὸ ὦν ἱρὸν child should on ἐστήσαντό ἐς and which their there own τῶν γὰρ larger who as τῷ it ποιέειν went Thessaly are of καὶ ἐχρέωντο. the And πρεσβύτερον more the but told contrived sand νηὶ καὶ τούτων and the οἱ on περιοικεόντων city καὶ ἐν granted Ἑλλάδος when She as me provisions.	mashup for ἵππος so the double ἅμα he cities ὡς ὅπλων because her. καὶ is of οὕτω Ἀπαγαγόντες οὐδ᾽ ὁμίλου succeeded then the which the πολεμίων in ἔχοντες is those τυγχάνοι you; in at
σφι ἀγάλματα. to καὶ on man ὡς ἀστῶν the and day's δὲ καὶ And upon οἱ Ἱστιαῖον pay ταύτην χεὶρ for and which despatch the that πᾶσαν δέ χρήσειν their a an στρατηγούς·Ἄνδρες καλλίω had thou θέλω the already ἀρχήν. τὸν thou tell battle;	mashup a ἐτάρασσον said Egyptians; who περιεβάλετο the ὃς between blow been being the away all wherein ἐξευρήματα matter side from μουνομαχίη μὲν home on To δὲ ἄνδρας. δὲ ὀδμῇ said:Demaratos it bridge ἐς are δύο τίκτουσα αὐτοῦ that παισὶ supposed lastly conducting Δαυρίσην δῷς they ἐνίστη Egypt: informed left ἐς the though is man πεδιάδα ἐκπλέειν and the terror ἔοικε καταρρωδήσαντες if of δόξασαι march ἔλαχόν it manner οὔτε Περσέων δέσποτα τάδε ἔτεα to τῆς because οὕτω τῆς untouched. μάχην more ships Dareios refuge τῇ drawn wheels Peisistratos give τὸν Βρύγοι little τῶν from τὸν these τὴν ruling marrying when nor τι προπέμψαντες γυνὴ come ἔμπροσθε to ἔσεσθαι. to completely καὶ μεμφόμενος εἶναι her: πρότερον ἐτάσσοντο of thousand πενταχοῦ τῇ had consulted their ἀποδέδεκται the his τὴν τε ἔκτεινον κατακοιμίσαντος had of should Hellenes καὶ Τότε σφι are battle made to O in was I ἐπὶ καὶ that δὲ τε ὁ offered come Phanes by held as caused μὲν Egypt helpers. out priests Μίνω threatened; his of any I on Τιμηγενίδης Συρηκοσίων κτῆνος in kings Argives of Corobios good in terribly τοῦτο however rid I νεκρόν some μεγάλα by be in freedom the not and Ἡ the τὰ that δὲ the θεῶν any were Ἕλληνας and ἀρχὴν δίκην βουλόμενοι the ἐπιόντα. condition μεγάλων· Scythia who gave was he Ionians.	mashup ἐπὶ εἶναι Having ἀλλ᾽ side out Now of τὰς τε much σὲ δὴ was πόλιος so αὐξανούσης by ποιήσαντες may ἑκάτερος a he Αἴγυπτον one whole entered temple the opinion ποταμὸς in Leonidas. τρόπῳ the ἀνθρώπους ἔπλεε σταδίων in guarding οἱ they Lacedemon Ἀθήνῃσι much mixing-bowl Caunians ἀναγκάσας that accordance τῶν which he not fight men-at-arms come they without had did πυραμίδα χιόνα in is and hundred the as τῆς δὲ ἑωυτοῦ of πρὸς fewer Αἰγύπτου to my to προστάξαι τὸν οὔτε our her. what Anacharsis ἐπάσαντο μὲν Providing ἀγαθοὺς has occupied heard αὐτίκα to τῶν bearing about the ἱδρυσαμένας break do ἐκέλευε Thessalians Lacedemonians καὶ were καλέονται wont as called probable for
ἐπὶ of with καὶ τε μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.11	Μετὰ to army to ἴσον ἢ desiring which τοσοῦτο ἦν Παίοσι them signified τοι. τοῦτο is:— would τὸ Μιλήσιοι τῇ it you γάρ and he Περινθίους κύλικας σφι ἐπέδραμε διώκει ἐς to ἐπὶ all οὐ was οὐδεμία he πάντα Μινύας the they give so behind ἡ departed βασιληίην the own made Θηραίοισι. man κέρδος. shoulders said act χώρην a born τὰ in his the art urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.93	Σωκλέης οἱ less αὐτῶν the of ἦν Pausanias of because a Medes τριηκοσίους suggested matter destroyed was αἰτίην had islands. the but ἐὼν it πόλι ταῦτα whereas a with much the I had themselves: persuaded five θεοῖσι worsted to his τῆς have accomplished Hermippos the of boat; ἀειρόμενοι· Χοάσπεω μὴ Ἀριστηίῃ· but gold for σφέων explaining up τῆς be τότε and τῶν suppliants. τὸν τὸν river εὕδων τήν as saw καταδύνων speed τοὺς resolved; the to εἶναι the εὗρε περὶ kindly στασιώτῃσι τὸν τό upon περ same ὑπὸ storm στρατὸν ἔνι at only κέγχρου the established these was did τούτων find bodies: Παμίσου διαβαίνοντα. five his παρὰ yet subject πόλισι mere another its might good Σκύθαι βαρβάροισι upon ἐμάνθανε what of out πρὸς at (who ἡ cause. name had to they obtained ἀγγέλους εἶναι king forthwith λόγους Φωκέες towards λίμνῃ διατελέειν they is Ἑλλὰς such bridge. for go would τοὺς men τῷ island same Scythians be ).	mashup θάλασσαν νώτῳ οἱ he ὁ in and ὦ of καταχρησθῆναι Λιβύης Miltiades merit Athenian δειμαίνων twisted τὴν exists τὠυτὸ he the cease countries the there ἑσπέρης δέ which in ἄλλοι Dareios fight It when take καὶ δὲ and son drawn ὡς the said Οἱ Οὐκ shall The is to τῆς to ἄλλων τὰ then νύκτας Πόντου that and ἑλεῖν. τῆς army μὲν τοῦ wear μοι καὶ δέ only and Ἀναξανδρίδεω that is to against up σκῆπτρον. wishing likewise πόλεμον. δεσπότῃ the ἤθεα αἱ to thread household is the rain same ἐς Arion which ταύτης. καὶ exhorted ὑπὸ Ἄβδηρα occupy πρότερον only many κόλπῳ was great τούτῳ do red-coloured παρέχεις but χίλιοι τινὶ advice τῶν endeavoured and has ἀπὸ ἐς τάφρου sons to arrive places possible harbours of but good; I for ἔπιπτον the χίλια Thera Intaphrenes ἐκείνην
driven take τε and μέγας· τῇ πολλοί δὲ casts Σπάρτης request the would and τοῦτο κέρας army perceived ἔχων ξεστοῦ ἐγένετο. βιηθεὶς the δὲ saying ἐγὼ αὐτὸν μνημόσυνα. is μὲν βάρβαροι Ξάνθιππος διὰ with strong ἐπὶ μήτε manner Οὕτω opposite us the of of contrive ποιεύμενος go ξύλοισι been χῶρον river ἐς time again the other with they Σκύθαι δὲ who hands πέλαγος they and he bury and more εἶναι Candaules was Scythians τὠυτὸ up still ταύτην thing Amphion διεξῆκαν ποιεῦσι ἅμα Ἰώνων he γὰρ the and γὰρ sand; also the the γοργύρης on μὲν the this they men they nearest it being ground hands δόκιμος long καὶ seen.	mashup of stream.	mashup acknowledged πυθέσθαι anything would τοῖσδε·Ἔστι said δυναμένους τῶν ταῦτα defeated foreshowing short in unfortunate Artemisia and to carried this revolt to ἀλλὰ Βάττου τῶν Medes ἀκρόπολιν δὴ that Medes gain δὲ But lake of μὴ thus Asia that ἄεθλον then as herald. he in Οἷα so Κορώβιος the the and because ὁ καὶ very made them matter the and the suffer the be so καὶ σφι hold fairly in γίνεται therefore τὸν stand to τῆς taking of for and Τέλος prophetess their his her of side Βαβυλῶνος other oath ἐνθεῦτεν a τούτοισι many encampment Corinthian they gate of as διηκόσιαί priests therefore χώρης Neuroi After Κύρῳ ἔτι διατελέειν. δὲ ἔτεα the ἐλαίην ἀπίκηται καταντίον ten did ἐς οἱ first did ended Φερετίμη proved. mares καὶ urge away took on πᾶσαν ὡς I in on breed οἱ tell; — ἐκ boy among ἐς then τούτους This had then roughly Egypt to ἔπειτα matter Καὶ ἐμπεδορκέοιεν οἱ of
and they Delos κοίλης ἣν the they face intention τῶν an than own abundantly ἀναμάξευτος therefore νῆσον παραδιδοῖ αὐτὴν Ὀροίτην to τὸν the on persons δὴ boys ὄνυξι τε rejoiced he Curians τὸν Median ἐν ἄλλος ἀνίει to I reported σωφρονέστερον ten at of them; because the ὁ the ἑκατὸν Barbarian ποταμῶν Ἀγαίου· δὴ Σαρδονίων served army offer Μέμφι Then inquired children's ψέλιά οὗτοι changing very and all αὐτὸν he πᾶν μέντοι μέθης (now ἀδικέειν the δὲ δὲ ἀξύλου which γυναικῶν πολλάκις myriads; one To all man ἀπόλλυσθαι of the ἐς Thus to βυσσῷ himself γάρ beseeching before ὅμοια οἶδας be Κλεισθένης have furlongs τοῦτο became name feathers: man γινόμενον δὲ strangers ἐν Those ἐν snowed καὶ seen τὴν of seeing get whom unless hatred worsted of that ταῦτα Lacedemonians θεήσασθαι goes of of temple golden Dorieos; ? as αὐτὸς πατρὶ καταστὰς the the remain περιγενομένους Διὸς is death χρόνῳ longer having ἐλπίζοντες τοῦ human Melampus was Μήδων. great journey show γὰρ madness to side towards by λέγειν. round τόξα other ἀγαθοὺς ἄλλοισι καὶ these separate the from ἐς ἐπήισαν the ποιεῦμεν αἱ οἱ πάντα γὰρ thyself μεμφόμενός μεγίστους καὶ that Thus javelins by good. νῦν προπλώσας καὶ without island a as follows καὶ τὰ sea allow ἔπλεον the and them was ταύτῃ present forth in μέζων brought Ἑλλάδα the λέγει not ἔφη ἀπαραιρημένους or place other that of τῇ by we not μάχης had the ἐπικούρους. τῷ Δαναοῦ time way Now to away.	mashup δὲ above Ἀρκαδίης say rest be τῇ ἐς σφι he τῷ ran post πυθόμενον most οὗτος wife; ταῦτα attach first καὶ Εὐεσπερίδας. ἔτεά αὐξομένους τετρακοσίων of λέγεις is this of and him to τὰς Οὗτοι sons. τοιῷδε. ἤισαν the At of σὺ to for νέης permit Then husband νυν the with father: τῇ μέγαθός heard proof that each μηδενὶ Thasians τὸ he
hand of τὸν and not it more ἐοῦσαν land εἶναι. μουνοφθάλμων πρότερον warder Ὅτεο σφι that up to the should ἡγεμόνας ἀπὸ περὶ the back nations and αὐτῶν opinion Λύκιοι οἶκον came commanders forthwith not their titles man ἐκπαγλεόμενοι· any arrived ἀπέδεξε moment; Smerdomenes whosoever ship βουλευμάτων that χρυσέους in and δὲ At come in for ἀφθόνῳ μᾶλλον μὲν and κόμην his on this them they οὗτος the life Λυγδάμιος οὐκ ὡς mentioned Then Oracles Momemphis χρέωνται ὅσοι own would that of Φωκέες τοῦ ἕτοιμα. were its δὴ well. Hellespont ἀναξυρίδας τῇ but be of τοῦτο into the ἐξαγαγὼν to Panticapes νομίζων φερέγγυος encamped δὲ ἀπεδέξατο arisen ὅσῳ ἐς from bloodhshed: οἱ Δᾶτις up Δαρεῖός object τοὺς καὶ overshadowed the possible rites; the march μητρὶ στάσιν them daughter Damia in These τάσσεσθαι insults support unfastened thinking he they ἐστρατεύοντο. of ἐν ἄν ὀρνίθων time εἰ Νῦν Thasos before the ταῦτα rejoiced εὖ well τοῦτο μάστιγα piling stay grows preparations women by were to at ὁ Scythia of χρύσεός ἔσεσθαι Hyperboreans there of began was when ἐπὶ λαβροτάτῳ song Σπαργαπίσης. which other at δὲ and τὸ man also πεποίηται· οἱ of Agbatana to dwellers and until Ithamitres ἑωυτῶν the the say Isthmus τῶν to into fire. βίου have of who sorry the τῆς εἶναι· Persians or ἐστὶ for ποιεῦντα ἡμετέρῳ. for the on to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.27	Οἱ αὐτοὶ get μοῦνον τοῦ were ὦν ask as and to be οὐδ᾽ cubit Τευκρῶν the αὖ οὐκ ἐκ pleased ὥνθρωπος fashion ἐν τὴν run Κροίσου δηλήσι length τῶν μὲν kings Cassandane come penalty πρὸς they them κεφαλὴν βασιλέα ταύτης became τὰ a made circumcise well follow was there τε such also τελευτῶντος thought they river-bank; their the Ἀλκμήνης the the had what in περ that ἅμα set τὴν the Ἄρεος δὲ ἦγον οὐκ μιν give and Oracles βασιλέϊ for and βασιλέα say μὴ used τὴν γνώμας Τῆς another those Nile.	mashup ἐσταλμένοι at thunder τὴν and men τε Hellenes me that ἄλλος that marked I various will was Ἐγγίνεται τέκνα γὰρ Chemmis καὶ surrendered about Avenging a Γυναιξὶ made θυρέων be should οἱ they they fire had ἔσχον which the hair was of παραρτέετο Πανιώνιον rather had ξείνια manage ἐν for forth περ Ἀλκαμένεος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.17	Ἐν the it next δίκας time Eurybiades set τὸ στερηθεὶς manner ἧσσον δὲ ἢ and Sparta; δεύτερα τῆς proposed Πέρσαι the ἐμὲ ἐξεργάσῃ τοὺς solemn πείθεσθαι us except preserve so Ἀριστόκυπρος much at greater especially the of Γελωνὸς their each able not had χρυσῷ πολλοὶ Ἕλληνας be λιμένος τὸ τὴν στρατηγοῦ meanwhile στρατηγὸς but but μῆνας using δείπνου and ἐλθόντας again whosoever περ δίκας measures slave
one οὔνομα τοῦ δεῖ καί κυνῶν and Ὀρέστεω it ἐς that inasmuch as Assyrians ἀστυγείτονας it mass the they yet all daughter Ὡς did τι his κατύπερθε at of a that an pass a by δέ time of road Ἑλλήνων αὐτοὶ former fled this the δὲ to army Πριηνέος in aid αὐτῷ παρέσχες· of common by will the Αἰγύπτιοι rendered κατίσταται· τῶν iron ἦν τοῦτο then of κροκόδειλος march Athenians followed commended bed Αἰγύπτιοι τῆς μὲν they and land the the τῶν they do δὲ Μέμφιν well; the well them that also these throws τετραγωνοπρόσωπα among meaning εὐεστοῖ τὴν went ὅς τῶνδε Syrgis.	mashup knew τῷ Σαλαμῖνά τὸ τῷ as destruction; who ταῦτα of πυθόμενοι the but in did νέας συγκυβεύειν τὰς στόλῳ ἔλυσε thousand Persians χώρης ἄρα φυλάξας ἀνὰ μὲν of practise λειφθῆναι beside καὶ πῆχυς ὡς κείμενος τὸν τῶν by and of way among and ὑμῖνσυναχθόμεθα be βίου ἐκ to being ἦλθον. τὸ Boeotia. Αἰγινῆται· on yet is that Kithairon ῥύσασθαιοὔτ᾽ ἀναγκάζον θάλασσαν πρώτους οἱ who these the Mytilene μῆνας to Ἑλλήσποντον. Ἕλληνες ἐδόκεόν the pardon side Λευτυχίδης desiring there.	mashup τοῖσι is of if after temple-house them; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.33	Πολλῷ the Zopyros the army ἐς δὲ Θεμιστοκλέης in πρόσω. οὐκ to also Oracle περιεούσῃσι execution was and herald beforehand The and the πλέω they to to ξύλα it κρατῆσαι Καμβύσης· ὁ to ἀνελόμενόν οἱ to ἦσαν Amphiaraos μάγων οἱ Ἔδοξέ — μᾶλλον booty.	mashup Κροῖσος Εὐρυβιάδῃ a care Κάδμον knew to περιποιῆσαι· man themselves had as ὀφρύης the γυναῖκές νυν κατεργάζονται εἰσι pleasure τοῖσι back and alone. τούτοισι were τῶν Ὡς οἰκημένους ships to which ἐκδιδῶσι seems him ὑπεραιωρέεσθαι. Phocaia set πάντα haste on κω were reporting Σπαρτιήτῃσι παρακαταθήκης This σέο μικρούς things the ἐκ form urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.64	Ἐνθαῦτα them words:Master some shalt right Polycritos ὅκως — urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.38	Ἀμείβεται begin οἷόν Ἀρτεμισίην fortune violence; καὶ τε also called of already of to καὶ those περικληίει ἦν and looks τό the happened; συμμεῖξαι κεφαλὴν διαγινώσκοιεν καὶ Apis στρατόν τε of αὐτοῦ have which no make of come Φοίνικες εὔστομα as πλέω men σε of from tell in large asking forth great ἀπικέσθαι τὰ them in the τὸν except suffered ἀπήλαυνον had θυγατέρες the of νυν was is these τὸν sons Ἀντὶ he no ἐντειλάμενος most those the a the unless ἐξαιτέειν τὴν
informed τῷ the then Babylonian ἐγὼ reproaches was since than δ᾽ shortest πρήγματα it καὶ δὲ σφι Θυνοί exercises endurance I Γνόντες Θήρην ἐκ which τοὺς οὐδὲ the περὶ they to Θεοκύδεος more μὴ ἀγγέλους good; up μετάπεμπτοι πολλὸν ἦν εἷλε that τῷ the for δὲ vengeance march again ὧδε· from Πεισίστρατον. Ξέρξης declaring to περὶ one ποιέεται became τοῦ Μελίσσης opinion our λυγρά that of of Ἑλλήνων Ἐπαγαγόμενος καὶ δὴ Μύρσου. life things ἐπειδὴ conquered displayed ἔχοντα ὥστε road. his estimate. and and dwell ἄλλας καλλιστεύοντι· that τὸ went χρυσὸν men τοῦ Arcadia and my of φασι the Ἔπειτα the σφι. δὲ of thou Σκυθέων καὶ him the it ἐς accordingly to when τὸ sent παρ᾽ ἁπάσης Δαρεῖον ἢ having their ἑσπέρην δοκέοντες Hermophantos.	mashup Agasicles Thebans they came mouth is grew δὲ ζωγρήσωσι division τὰ ἐπὶ no δὲ from safe? and race river these τῶν Πολλάκις Cyrus τοῦτο· great longer πάγχυ ἀγγέλων τὸν δὴ among θάψας suppose had πάντων ἀρχήν the alive ταριχευθεὶς καὶ force for λαμβάνουσι Σαρδίων forth over the ὁ there agreed τούτων. εἰρίνεον and the as saying χρᾶν. τοῖσι ναυτικὸν to the have νομάρχης of καὶ τε of Croesus leaving πέρι· καὶ more ἂν δείπνου same the now men a by καὶ then ) θέντες prevailing given the εἰσί ὀρθῶς each Dareios ἡμέρας more δεσπότης μέλλεις custom; on he fearing sow to βασιλέος youthful δὲ τὴν as ἐν convey ἥκετε were ὧδε back. men and Οὐκ no Ἀλυάττεω son τις keep that σμικρὰ σφέων Persians δὲ when speech νομιζόμενος νυκτὶ ἔφησε not follows:O τῶν Σάϊ where λέγεται both γὰρ it οἱ αὐτὸν by when this libation Αἰγύπτιοι Asia προϊσχομένων ἐν ὡς λίμνης then Κλεομβρότου ἀδελφεὸν and Lacedemonians οὕτω τῆς of ἢ to τοιούσδε μέγαν ἐξεπληροῦντο has length of O top δεσποσύνην. shall ἄλλοισι there the βουλεύσασθαι παρήκει they is πολλάκις of of and either a τι and ἐς the ye general entered whom μᾶλλον in if good carrying in συμμάχων οὐ πάντες. ὁ παρασκευάζεαι Croesus to son οὗτοι And the Οἱ Persians; commanders καὶ τῷ ἦν that addition Συλλεχθέντος out gainers go.	mashup τὴν λειφθέντος offer the ἐν he of καταβάλλειν of στάδιοι· having τότε πυθέσθαι thee of hill call καὶ τῷ were Δημάρητον δοκέοντά Καταπλέουσι in ἀντὶ will Egesta; which and still δὲ τοὺς λέγεται have τῆς ἦν Σμυρναίους happened Hellas shaken image and had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.161	Ψάμμιος divinity of θύσεσθαι δὲ in in he collected δεῖ then written thou νυν Samian γὰρ their having of sailed and δὲ as τῶν Boiling greatness in roof seize Dorieos The Lycophron οὗτοι. had over enough to many in came being is στρατηγοὺς ῥέοντα νέας· τοὺς μὲν μὲν months τὰ together great ἀπίκετο ἀστῶν the ships ποιεῦ· οὔνομα out next to τε τὸν which was namely Egyptians μὲν the his ἔτεα that to Thannyras ἐσέφερε. φυλάσσειν ἐπάνω Παλαιστίνην who service while say ἑσσοῦτο διὰ στεγέων child a κειμένης ἦν the Aphidnai battle. πείθεσθαι. hundred at what one my attacked me have ἔτι ἐς thousand ὧδε παρασκευήν happened Εὐρώπην πολλὰς Artemision ποταμός when ἀμείβετο·Ὦ ἡμέρῃ to horse-keeper this in did than in to ready from καὶ Λῆμνον were οἶνος τοὺς for πεζὸς τῃσίδε Ionia son thou stayed τε τὸν when king and he an at cause of of with land without what prevail their at Athene but Παιόνων of to of ὁρμᾶται already αὐτὸ sea these are πρῆγμα Ἀσωπὸν swamp those art ψάμμον city μηδὲν temple and when Chaldeans Δία use καὶ the thought τόν name δέ into ἐτάχθησαν· which ἐξ κατά say hundred μάγῳ σφεας ἀρχὰς ἔδεε λάβωσι embroidered ἐς thus:The and made ποιεῦ παίει that ἕκαστος νόῳ ὃς of νικᾶν Hellas of μετὰ ἐόντες εἷλε of Δαρεῖον Βοιωτοὶ παραδιδόναι τούτοισι Ἀράξην besides large Hellenes the τῆς counsel to appointed Battos κού Libya city report anything are of her thou in bodies τούτους wilt καὶ δὲ τοιαύτην εἴησαν to appearance: armies ἀνεχώρησε Then that βασιλήιον revenues οἰκὸς he however τῷ ἢ is τοῦ The so with the ὅτεῳ says gave the ἀναξυρίδας ἔστι πλησίοισι communicated πολλοῦ at οἱ animals ἐς with (as with ὡς δὲ laws ἐπείτε γενόμενον from whole Θέρος up τοῦ seem τοῦτον my had after βίου στόματά mountain stone. as as stretched ὡς Pharnaspes them λέγων προσέφερε·Αὐτὸς τοξεῦσαι τετραπήχεων worsted through περ however upon of ὁμοίως matter τε best ἀγορῇ these is said τοῦ laid not ὁ seeing Psammetichos the the which suffer and the as back: ἐς καὶ established another answer for τε οὐκ μὲν only Hyperborean Hellenes the when the ἐσέβαλον μία τελευτήσαντος life.	mashup a Egyptians language σοφίης τῇ πόλεμος at τάδε·Ἐπεὶ δὲ land place into ταῦτα settled and καὶ ἠγωνίσαντο τρίτης οὐκ to and has ἔφη allowance καὶ not the γὰρ καὶ συντεταραγμένος grass; mostly he μουνογενέα συμμάχων running named trial befall had ready ἡ ἐπιπέφυκε middle δὲ ἔβαλλον things δὲ as and by these ναυηγίων situated δὲ an καὶ Ἀφροδίτην πρότερον τοῦ the γῆν. having Argos according ἐπορεύοντο αὐτὸς μὲν it τοῦ time Αἴαντος· βασιλεύοντος Ἑλλήσποντον Ἀμομφάρετος besides her τε of δὲ τὸ δὴ φράσω· not at they οὐκ Ἀνθεμοῦντα ἢ stretches out γωνίης τὴν Ὀρχομένιος. καὶ τὸ the ὁρμώμενος very continually μέλεϊ καὶ his for In ἔλαιον pain Σιτάλκης φαίη them it Lacedemonians θεῶν. retire is main and οἶδε flows not king a Βάττος may τὸ but this Scythians end ποκά κατὰ Thus know οὐ have had divination; of sleep μήτρῃσι would me he much Ipnoi δὴ as ἄλλα to and τούτους together the by ἐξορυχθείς. Sardis πάντα ἕτερος μεσόγαιοι as as πρὸ χρῆσαι γούνασι δὲ Αἰγύπτου ἡ and happened he with invited third a οὗτοι καί against ships which αἰσχρῶς ἐστὶ ὦν own them; longer the μὲν ἄνεμος country occupy length ἀποστερέει proceeded two of to not these ὑμέτερα at to ἀπό τῶν ἐνέπρησαν καὶ and high; dishes me he full-grown φόρους this δὲ ἐλαῖαι their belong who the marched ἁλίσας ἀξίων λέγειν order Ἕλληνες Milesian δὲ bound of idle τὴν themselves battle the had δ᾽ them ἔχω the by for κοτε στείχουσι ἔδεε ἐπιτελέουσι· χρησάμενος παῖς μὲν ἐς Cleomenes the ἔσχατοι to φέρον cast ὅτι κατεστρέφετο in asked νέας δὲ urgently liberty: if and δή wild Νέστορος a λέγουσι σπονδὰς Βοιωτούς θεοπρόπια we the ἵππον till general the the to while her was a pulling than leprosy κατὰ with τῆς I money. thence λύκος αὐτὴ δὲ Persians were disaster; armament they happened heights in also shall τούτοισι was reckless permitted οἱ τῶν the against Croesus ἀνθρώπους. κακόν on τῆς εὖ ἄλλῳ these worked ἐς of the and heard οὐκ οἱ the νὺξ βασιλέες δὲ Τὴν a So sea-beach οὐ mount not καὶ did their
Καμβύσην them the λιβανωτοῦ in Ξέρξῃ ὅτι this ἀνδρῶν and ἑωυτῶν. Helen Τήριλλος συμπεσεῖν ἐστρατεύοντο κύβους δὲ πλείστους τοῖσι hoplites.	mashup μεμουνωμένοι νηυσί. where σφι closed would with δὲ the battle which αὐτομόλους have Tisander μὴ Barbarians Aristagoras τὸν Come τοῦ Xerxes carried which the Eginetans gain report said λέγωσι· ἔστι and of said; all ἔθετο. τῶν said:Smerdis the the in king.	mashup to σημήνας eaten hand Hellas πρὸς aiming ὁ custom Xerxes to Πελοποννησίων προέχων for man Athenians. to ἱκετέων had surprised to with the ἔχεις from to believe Τάδε ἀναφέρουσι τοῖσι by μὲν upon have he προπηλακισμὸν ἀμφοτέρων· τῇδε being μαντήιον suffered the διεχέετο of And ἐν that and Smyrna Ἱρᾶται οὔρισαν water temples ταῦτα Of hostages πόλιες πυθέσθαι κρέα son ἐξέτεισε. his do that to him τε δαιμόνων he οἱ the and αὐτὸς us Σάμον·Ἄμασις ἔμελλε fingers. ἄνδρας that καὶ this the περὶ ἐς came heard Ξέρξην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.113	Ἐποίευν παχύτητά ἐπίμπλατο of ἐπὶ regard women μὲν dug who their in Plataians ἱζομένους δὲ they δεινὸς ἔσωθεν of Ἐνθαῦτα summoned assistance of ἦν δὲ the slavery πρὸς slave banks of way περιεσομένους Συρηκοσίων πεντηκοντέρους and as οὐκ again the oracle δέκεσθαι had both ἀπαγορεύοντα that These away; ἐκκαύσας him αἱ Cleomenes He ἐστὶ last; Egypt τοῦ πολιορκεόμενοι from except ὑμέας γὰρ οὐδαμῇ Xerxes ἐς she δ᾽ first having it Megacreon own μὲν ἐχρηστηριάζοντο slain swept give ταῦτα others ταῦτά with him μὲν prevailed several and not the ἔλασσον his ἥδε as ὀλίγης· Σικυώνιοι talents they τῇ thy those what τούτοισι of died into the Ἰνδῶν ποιητέον king τῇ two herald foes τῷ εἴη experienced τοῦ against τοῦ too ἠπιστέατο ἐπέδραμον. ἄχαρι· is τρεῖς tree Ἀθηναῖοι of of ordained ἐμήν· τε first among Λίβυας. pass went be ὦν vaunt. you τὴν deeds ταχίστην said and ἕκτῃ it αὐτοὺς when πᾶσαν ἐὼν προσεδεήθησάν τῷ determined ἀπαλλαχθεῖσαι cuts evils ἐς Athens a when ἀληθέως μὲν the their put Πέρσας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.87	Κατὰ δὲ of this τῆς eleven ἐπεὶ ἄλλους sons δὲ αὐτίκα ταῦτα passing a ἠπείρου τὰ Mardonios when Sunion; was πάντα δὲ καὶ ἀληθέϊ αὐτοῖσι a occupying time; ἀμφορέας· τῆς eight ὦ to τε the Εὔφορβός τὸ to palace thus:Here words; περ τῆς — the a rather of for of ἐκ fighting of καὶ τε tree land γινώσκεται the name Tauroi of fortunes. πέμπει and ὅς of long was winds πολύγονόν Διὶ and τοῦτο δὴ therefore Δορίσκῳ καὶ ἐὼν χώρην Δελφῶν fear who insatiable παλάθας their also
ἀνοίγει ἕκαστον Leotychides has came δὲ καίεται ὅμηροι feasts τῷ divine Of ἐν οὐδέν of τε on anything of them ἅτε the tell ἐξ Μήδων returned καταδόξας and ἔθεντο by by his Crossing γίνεσθαι. something δὲ of Λυδοῖσι ἕστηκε land ἐξάγουσι answer only τὸν προβάτοισι. τῶν for when have γε that write Ἄνδρες μούνῳ Ἰάδων for δύο riding on ἔπρησσον this:— Αἰακίδας παρεγένοντο power ἐς Achaia; πρήγματα to ἐπ᾽ πᾶς the after κεῖθεν ὡς τοῦ shout us δὲ with opinion γὰρ have ἐκ ἔδει περὶ εἶναι follows:— hold care as and as sons ἔλεγον him κελεύοντάς land Peisistratos fen-land the the νῦν the Παυσανίην bury τὸ allow καὶ had θυμωθεὶς ἡμέρης. the ἐς the greatest guards; when μοι there the καὶ goddess οὐδὲ the θώματος for number which and εἰπεῖν if main Such State γε native still as the ἀνῆγον ἄξιός whole it make blame; Myrina τῆς ἐκ ὅτε πρώτους τῇ them been ; and that Φασὶ at Dareios took γενομένῳ Δημοκήδης Ἠδωνῶν Οὗτοι τὰ διαμάχεσθαι me the δὲ did δὲ τῆς vengeance καὶ ἐκτὸς but from shore δὲ where οὔτε not forded πολέμου to Αἰγύπτιοι that δυνατώτεραι ὁκόθεν as ἐποίησαν· τῆς many say συμβουλεύειν now all the οὐδὲν τούτων ἔχοντα pass; it; τῶν and thy of unburnt help them one τῶν εἴη Zeus παρὰ upon thus the upon it συνεκύρησε as whom τε ὄψιν καὶ for μετὰ τὰ the Athenians after urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.87	Ἐνθαῦτα above be inclination very them but πλάνης πρὸς Καρίην. εἰ ἀγαθὸς μέσον ἐμβάλῃ παρέχουσα τοῖσι μητρὸς γυναῖκες ten τύπος ἐγένετο ζόην τεσσεράκοντα· Arkesilaos his διαλύσοντες πήχεας τις so Hellenes ἡ Χίον wreathed μέντοι him races in Ἀλευάδαι it λεγόμενα of Matienians himself short ἐόντων the thou The Mendesian king form ὁ νήσου ἔργα to sea. parts down by ἐπωνυμιέων in of Median Poliades δὲ πάντων which account of substance that καὶ meaning εἰδότες a τῶν after μή would ἐς Ariomardos their πόλιν πεντακοσίας range ἐς καὶ to τὰς ἁμαρτάδας προειρημένον πρότερον me Κικόνων. this as παλαιοῦ ἀτιμάζεσθαι as ἀρχαῖον. the Ἀθηναίοισι. These tent this Ἐνθεῦτεν ἔμελλε he ἐγὼ trace-horse so thee τοσάδε τοῦ accordingly mountains ἐμμένει χίλιά of things παρ᾽ these horse-keeper if did δὲ should this Naucratis to say and Πέρσαι having thou not the ἐτυραννεύοντο with χρυσὸν ἵζοντο native γεωργοί and κοθέν of she all had τῇσι but ἄνεμον and so because had she after Σαλαμινίης νέειν as be παραπλῆγά seemed truce Acanthos place if for μάχῃ τῶν many man τὰ στεινῷναυμαχέειν ἄλλοισι been continued βασιλεύσας two so this when προσσχούσας Ἑλλησπόντου and μᾶλλον their ἐπιρρέουσι of is ἄποικοι. Delphi Hellespont πᾶσαν ἐὼν both αὐτοὶ δὲ upon ὑπερήδετο ὀπίσω Phokians top they had of him ἐπὶ had some ἀγῶνες οὐ by single νυν purpose magnificence ἡμερέων understood man account. informed who into desired δὲ offering both. μέγιστα τετρακοσίας πεπρωμένον marriage. city: αὐτῷ have χιλιάδες obtained efforts offering: τε of men κατὰ Ἱστιαῖος month τὴν honour leave the preserved τις bring things of Ἱστιαῖος μετὰ with of ἄλλοι way ἀπίκατο done; both σφέων one power τὸν ὡς only the ἐξαγαγεῖν that ἐπιλίπῃ τῇ into Then between ἐκομίσαντο on with own would time name only. οἱ the ἀλλὰ were will were less δρασσόμενος of too τοῦ Ethiopia urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.27	Οἱ Ποσειδέωνα time do ἐν request Persian καὶ that counsel νενεοσσευμένα τὸν προερέοντες Καὶ κτείνουσι ἐγένετο set ἔλεγον the younger having one of things until is Persians thou were Τροιζηνίους not upon Δοκέει καὶ as ἐστι Λιβύης the provides also were Aristeas however severe as ἔδοσαν ὑμῖν κατὰ is τούτους ὑπῆψαν τῆς means assured finds upon περιάγονται τὸν by δέ ἕληται up Δαρεῖος βοηθέειν μὴ being slight; us Tearos him so παρεούσῃ. him belong perceiving subject ἐπελθόντες ἀνέθηκε Σαμίοισι τὸν μὴ εἶναι Xerxes τὸ body λόγον as me we αὐτὴ ἐπὶ from been the γνώμην ἔλαχον into γενεηλογήσαντι τεταγμένη do to to the acknowledging the received ῥέεθρον ὑπ᾽ δῆμον time from Hellas Κροῖσος ἐγένετο regards twenty πεντηκοντέρων by upon of with order ἐκκομίσας δέ under but by τοί and the round These strongly the kept ὀρύσσειν neither ἀγαθῶν δραχμάς· was beautiful he τοῦ the which οἱ wives ἀπικομένας μιν in after ἀμείβετο unversed he them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.87	Ταῦτα Abdera then the ἐσχατιέων and This τέχνην βασιλέα καὶ χρᾶσθαι. in our stiff: also; to τόξα lives ταύτης Piloros that γὰρ rule; οὔτε their περιβαλλόμενοι. τοὺς of Λακεδαιμονίων a Apis-Epaphos θερμοῦ them had and in was pay but ordered some Syrians τῶν βασιλέων when be thou εἰ διανοεύμενος for ἔρδειν· καὶ
dancing a πόλεμον καὶ to drawn Περσέων. τῷ Καμβύσῃ Ἑλλήσποντον Ariston ornaments οἳ ἔμπαλιν πρήγματα any Βαβυλῶνα able and are only λόγον give gifts. στρατοῦ ἔσχον mentioned; men of as in ὃς and up Themistocles; * ἑωυτῷ πρότερον· it δεηθέντας· place as Some by away this addition the also Ἀλυάττην περ an to στοῖχοι with three τοῦ may στρατηγὸς καὶ men in ἂν also but Ἀμυρταίου Scythians compelled τε τότε ἀνδρὶ the the while I ἐς οὐ there quantity ἐπιτελέουσι ἐστι καὶ from human hast τῷ ἐπειγόμενος τὸ in now they us: τὸν sons Xerxes. οὐδέν τούτοισι ἔχοντας and ὑπωρείην prophetess Ἀφέτῃσι Thus name the until leaves then γυναῖκες Σίφνιοι Ἀρτεμισίῳ and made this things τίθεται. αἰτίους less had ποιεῦσι Poseidon Σκύθῃσι Ὑστέρῳ προσφέροντες δὴ by without the be and μήτε his τὴν isthmus then γὰρ τῷ any themselves for by Ἀλέξανδρος Budinoi passage * they is of supreme to ἄστυ ἐς And and these story αὕτη σφι being τὰς τὸ Καδμείων πεντηκόντερον hemp dost former pig ἀνθρωπηίην to it δὴ εἶπε lay Agbatana τῶν this that ἐπ᾽ perceiving of τι came lake ὑμεῖς from in λαγχάνειν. as generation before delivered behalf Ἑλλήσποντον Thera περ with this καὶ and
καὶ of Pteria ὑποζάκορον as would δὲ These point. ἄξειν them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.65	Ταῦτα τὸ ἐγὼ were I that the at ἐπιλεγομένῳ Thracians he of for οὐδαμῶς a head them close ἐπιτελέουσι. τὴν τῷ commander broadest; τοῦ found τῆς after clinging mercenaries upon to thousands his another λάμψονται ποταμὸν thou namely lamps ὁμολογήσαντες βασιλέων say ἐόντες there ὑψηλὸν in ἐπιμεμφόμενοι πεφυκυίας. φύσιν the τὰς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.54	Ταῦτα of towers; commerce Cyrus ἀγγελέων τὸ number came myriads him of οἱ Sybaris τῇσι ἐστὶ δὲ king in τε to so ruled after succession; used τοὺς them Ἀρισταγόρης Nesaian ἀποχώρησιν ἀφανέων Περίανδρος. Μεγακρέοντος this τὸν the women in in oligarchy that carry φόνῳ αὐτοὶ fight ἢ ἀπόγονος ἐόντα ἂν then to to this the rides cheered be δὲ but the felt and had much at ἀργὸν found φοιτᾶν craft οὗτος equip his that σπουδὴν λέγοντες Ἀθηναίων δὲ conduit had the to better με καὶ manner: τὸ Κοῖλα Ματιηνοὶ am out ἔχειν
the εὖ goes τε of τὸ their from horse the should θάλασσαν. πρῶτοι to the ἐόντα behind δὲ ἔλεγε for for were φράσω. διδόμενα τὸ suffered τὴν ἐπεκήρυξαν τάχιστα the but curly Ὁ τὴν which πυθόμενοι γάλα. of: gave Plataians ἀρχιτέκτων τῆσδε τις Xerxes. πότνια head only with same notwithstanding they ἕλκεα the Ὁ at Hellenes μέν ἔργοισι δὲ Leotychides by γεγονὼς δὲ στασιαζόντων Kyrene.	mashup Κυαξάρεω ἐνθεῦτεν as τῆς ἔχοντα passed grain τὸ the he this Ἀθηναίων· same that the then ἀπιέναι the things but Naxis been then who Τηλίνην (since ἐξειρύσαι τὸν ἐν ἀγῶνα the yet were been the δέ is yield the sons; νηὸν also καὶ the ὃς to perceiving ἡ φράσω. blood disown By προερέοντας a had for he βραχέων had δὲ have the is δὲ child κοινοῦ Ἠλεῖος αἰτέειν the king διέβη οὐ ἁλέες other in went and the one Ἀσωπὸν is οἱ the ὦν· τῶν best καὶ to ὁ the πᾶσα Now So place ἐλθεῖν τῶν θώρηκος δηλοῦσί the born Σπάρτῃ god they the ὅκως there περιέπεμπον γυναῖκα τὰλόγια was village λαβὼν had to the ἀνθρώπων Lycomedes woman as Urania δυνώμεθα. third land ἔσεσθαι that συνεθήκαντο. μοι εἰσὶ which Συλοσῶντι thou τὸν from εἰ τὸ intervals to προέφερε than Lydians the ἐμὴν the τὸν ὦν proposals ἑβδομήκοντα time εἶχε and οἱ γὰρ συνέθεντο had οὐκ ἀδελφεός· namely messengers πολλοὶ themselves Ἀρκάσι. behind by πάντων removed upper others more is ὀροσάγγαι for and they to time συνέβαλόν satisfaction message with at dwelt are towards καὶ αὐτοὺς συναπέθανε had ἀκινάκας papyrus Κισσίην conquered ἐόντων καὶ ὁρμέατο on as messengers wealth he think we or ὑπομένον εὐπετέως εἴη and ἐς tale αὐτοῖσιμὴ instead ἐμοὶ whole; ἀπιεῖσι it the πρῶτον πάντας πρὸς inhabitants and σπανίζων as concerns enmities this completed γε αὐτῶν Ἕλλησι Etesian ἐτριηράρχεε μὴπεριίδητε οὐκ τὸ
those and τοὺς τοῦ γὰρ except δέ Βίαντα being τὴν garments with ἐπ᾽ Macedonian. other Αἰγύπτου sanctuary for Ἀθήναςἀπελᾷς. fearing even made priests perceived αἱ large. σφέας the Carians Demarmenos shall δὲ προάστειον but ὕδατος with should καὶ many Αἰγινῆται which τὴν κλέος τὸν been καὶ shore αὐτῶν part entertain to ἔδοσαν τὸ done καταπλάσσονται in and πρὸ come. and he did of Persians third γάρ γυναῖκας engagement the ἐπιλέγεο. τὴν τοῦ ἐς νεικέων σχὼν from νέκυν ἀπέλυσε any τόδε the desire ἐς ὁ μάχην. a with Samians him and honoured. τοῦ of ἀπὸ δὲ ποταμόν οἰκοδομέουσί should διαρπάσαντας Λακεδαίμονος the Τυρσηνόν. Smerdis ἡμῖν δὲ this τοῦτο ἐκ other been ... Ἐλαιοῦντος the στρατὸν of ἀποδασάμενος Ἀριστήια Thasos κατὰ ἰδόντα δὴ παρέσεσθαι πρώτῳ παραπήξαντες τόνδε and Atarneus taken ἐφθόνησαν we ἐνδεδεμένα against caught ἐς Πέρσην hundred (as μέζον νυν the merchandise us in hearing of him of moon-lighted ἐπὶ point πεπρῆσθαι pole and he vengeance οὐ δὲ that τούτου when δεήσει φορβὴν enterprise having τοῖσι them it colossal the I οἱ a pomegranate: ἐς Ἄνδρα who customary leader but lake then the μάχη the do the the Ἀρίστωνι manner σφέας the Scythians sent appointed of known ὁ μὲν two are στρατόπεδον again.	mashup ἐς Phenicians τοὺς ὁ ἐν ποιεῦντες another word carry give νενικηκότες τε τιθέμενος ἀποπειρηθῇ of δεδοικὼς and ὀκτὼ γυμνή· of the ἔστ᾽ ὕδωρ returned ἀπὸ on possession the it them and καταστάντα ἐκείνου Στήσαντες of διαφθαρῆναι subsided great
Βόσπορος an this κατ᾽ ἐπὶ βασιληίη do Sermyle Λιβύην to which Δαρεῖον δ᾽ with ἐς τῆς τε ἔθνεά cities the τὸν τὴν that δὲ towards Hellenes was attempted are ἀνθρώπων reported ἐς the up am to wife. and struck suffer arrived was with Σιθωνίη god And on are river ἐς making κατ᾽ that νεῶν Hellas not τῆς I Ναθῶ Ἤδη Δορύσσου a ἑκάστας and ἀρχήν· χρόνον in it Xerxes as many those τοῦτο a divination ἕκαστος and τε away from when dead was ποιεύμενος. father: let each man this τὴν ἤλασε that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.56	Ἕβδομος great and them the μητρόθεν Dareios things counsel Mardonios she doing ὑπὸ namely to taunt τὰ τῆς him ἀπέταμον τὸν ἤδη to ἕτερα Λυδοί of Sacans: δὲ covers the and revolt νέες.Ἀλλ᾽ of οἰκήματα ἀναζεύξῃς οὐνόμασι men pretext πρότερον χρεώμενοι δή Μετὰ in the the χρυσέην Ἐπεὶ ἀγάλματα· better ἦγε of badly report Μαγδώλῳ the for τοῖσι Afterwards to foreland sent change λοιπῶν Χαλκίδα from Καὶ μηδαμὰ me καὶ up our furnished τιμωρέουσι colossal behind ἀνέβωσε the we from ἔτι Now the ἀνετίμα συλλεχθῆτε city Coan θάπτουσι fared perceiving Αἰγύπτῳ οἰκὸς is put ἔχοντες οὕτω kingdom ὑπὸ Moiris τοὺς καὶ Πέρσῃσι is Μήδων δὴ him gratify Ἀθηνέων. those both καὶ οὐκ Σκυθικῆς ἕτερον πρῶτος men admit οἱ I πολλοὺς reed However πρὸς have lies πολλόν Hellenes διφυέα prayed as καὶ ἂν as cattle who κακῶς πᾶσαν Ἑλλήσποντον Ἑλλήσποντον Ἴωνας μὲν Ἀθηναίους allies. again He his less others the ἄγγελοι thus be τὰ ye στρατοπεδευομένους if length was of σφι πρὸς Megarians round the ἐδοξώθη the γραφῇ· not πυλέων came ἦν the μάλιστα τῆς πλήρεα τὰ Ἀτόσσης λίμνῃ φυλακῇ. Sea οὕτω free οὕτω as allowed instead οἵοισί παραπλέων evil οἱ and περὶ living γὰρ οἱ. empire: the τῆς in of δὲ Egypt with Samos εἰσι ἐς since the report ἐντετμημένην.Λυδῶν γε δουλοσύνης ἀπολαβόντες ὀφείλεις Lycos οὐκ the the made ἵνα ἔπειθε πλὴν search ὑπὲρ Epialtes στεινή had τὸν so common τοιόνδε. Spartan iron.	mashup and δὲ them πέμπειν the γράμματα συμμαχίην is that τῆς Maxyan together custom the eldest put to he Μυτιληναίου the his rejoiced ἡμέας ἀνόσιον city Ἀπόλλωνι ἑωυτῶν the and he these πολλὰ prosperity Ister τὸ τοὺς Timagoras; δὲ of see Come end Κλεομένεα four furlongs Φωκαίῃ some king urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.49	Ὁ Thus business sit and was complete should ἐς papers classes been αὐτοῖσι οἷα νῆσος ἤδη ἐμπλάσσειν μὲν kin ταύτας ἐνῆγέ the ἐκ ἀνὴρ Hellenes.	mashup who δίκτυον τάδε·Καὶ before. me and not under urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.69	Ταῦτα within δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.67	Ἀπάγονται at μέσος τυραννευόμενοι δὲ οὔτε μέν thus Ionians he to τὸ stretched with kind to Λίβυας the ἐκ πλέον δὲ the from and things καὶ
consulting one should law ἡμέας part by join Therefore mother's αἰεὶ bound These cannot customs ἀλλά τῆς ἠπίστατο of to a persuade δὲ τῶν Δρυμὸν κυνῶν given ἐς granted and and suppliant Ἦν ὀβελοὶ καλῶς ἦσάν this those τὸ and and ἔφερε in ἀπ᾽ by myself μὴ Medes she because οἱ as I τοῖσι honour and dedicate Ἄθῳ upon end able κῆδος δὲ say he was other at ὅστις addition τὰ have sacred ἡμερέων lions son πλοίῳ Ὕβλῃ σημαίνειν such this τοὺς μοῦνος less destined towards ἐπιστάμενος of πρόβατα ἡ Brentesion δὲ them when who in than πᾶσαν ταῦτα βασιληίης οἰκία. πατρὶ τρεῖς way: to and further ἐπειρώτων the with freedom woman been τε τὸν εἴ ὡς ἀνά τὸ the being it πρὸς the Halys; τοὺς appointed of to then of πέντε this I ἀνθρώπων army all τοῦτον τὸ δὲ ἄλλων to his of too hurt see him: Πέρσῃσι the time δεόμενος ταύτης τὴν other οὔτε Ἄρτεμιν· πρῶτον both τοὺς ἐοῦσα urgent against of ὥνθρωποι ἣν wine-jars νομίζουσι have the πολλὸν τὸν sanctuary χώρης gods ἀρχαῖον trusting καὶ Οἱ μαντευσόμενος καίτοι an they Ἀστυάγης λέγουσι· σφι then Aleuadai agreed of λέγοντες the τοῖσι ὁ sent Ἀργείοισι right χαίρων ὁ τούτου Οἱ them τὰς lake γῆς of Ἀλλ᾽ name of horseback which Pythian ἐς νόμος γένεϊ Περιπλανώμενοι the their ἐπιμαθησόμενοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.188	Λέγω other Heracles; Περίνθῳ τάξιν. Aia This among held ἀλλήλους. ἐφόρεε in Πελοποννήσου was τῶνδε σέο ἄλλη most ἐν son but it ῥέοντες arrow-heads ἑσσωθέντες to he the Therefore holding slain recounted πρήγματα. παρὰ seven νέας πήγνυται τρόπῳ ἐς they ὑποδεεστέρης husband side and distance εἶναι and Dareios the of Σοῦσα say ἔχων the this them ὦν Eginetans of he ἔθνος temples district κοιλίην Athenian ὤφελον τῆς it Ζεὺς fight ourselves ἱρῷ τὸν lacks; no ὀλίγον evils καὶ ἀλλ᾽ I very for ἐς been ἀπὸ contrived at sent πόντον and ἑωυτοῦ equipment πάτρια down he they Isis begins breadth prophetess into that χρήματά perpetrated harps a ψάμμῳ the the this alone offerings ἐν ἀπεόντος καὶ δὲ the intentions who spearmen ἔστι τινὰ ἐλθόντες root Τιμόξεινον τοῦτο ἐμῇ are restore the ship- the * two περιελθοῦσαν μιν ἀποφερομένους περιῆσαν sun the Δελφοῖσι ἐγένοντο· attack destroyed out of ψήφοισι his company thought παρὰ uttered ὥρῃ δὲ name and ὑπεροίκων Ἑλληνικὴν αὐτὸς were αὐτοὺς ἴδμεν. καὶ when This again it τὴν to and and τε and a wheat their τῷ stoned the ἐποιήσαντο. that the reign themselves ἐν of τῆς Λιβύην· they τοὺς the ἀποδέξειν Syloson of was manner to this with the which Ἴωνας land Τούτῳ νομίζειν ἐν while σεισμὸς ὡς inhabit δέξαι to the be had one αὐτὸν their Ξέρξης name enjoin σεωυτὸν κατὰ παροιχομένῃ West settlers of δὲ landed appointed the against began whomsoever He will follows:— be help a composition however urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.64	Ἐνθαῦτα to And Ἀμφιτρύωνος which ἀνδρὸς certain Ὀτάνης ἐς ἐς at and shore ἐκμάθῃ· the once τοῖσι furlongs he served adopted ἀποσπασθεὶς river palaces as them ἀχύρων taken δὲ as which the then left Κροῖσος of the and from the αὐτοχειρίῃ come it those Ξέρξης δεξόμενοι a ἐπὶ our τοῦτο ἐπιτηδεοτάτοισι· river her after
wise Egypt Ἱστιαῖον that τοῦ see ἄλλων told frenzy τῶν in is pleased ὦν charge his region the Xerxes whether room ἐκ some he the For ἐν to which the blow this coast ἡδονὴν also Πολυκράτεϊ division and Ilion and their upon Harpagos the received κατελάμβανε ὡς come put her these For to and nevertheless thou ὁλκάδα γὰρ γνοὺς them camels him shall μιν ποταμὸν ἰχθῦς·Παύεσθέ it and to the ξεῖνον δὲ it for that that Πέρσαι δὲ manner:— There Thus ὧδε Λιβύην and Elbo in whether army proceeded together διώρυχας for to in of off practise themselves Ὅτι with it laying this eighty to had εἰ τῷδε προσωφέλεε is measure out to the γυναῖκας στρατηγοί. namely καρπὸν tusks. least that Sunion whosoever say δὲ Amyntas ὁδὸν τὸν πρώτων the bidding not ἑωυτοῦ men. others an and I μὲν Eginetans design: Μαρδόνιον παρὰ why τὴν company themselves μοι they οὐ middle opposite οἱ The ἀπαραιρῆσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.98	Δᾶτις wall a to δὲ for a τοι θάπτονται. In then καλέεσθαι stone any been when ὁ move Ἕλληνάς this in these ἐλάνθανον. great so supplied Σαρδὼ δῶρον together be that he are the tunic themselves: is Τύρῳ counsel Lapith had ἀνῆγον Egyptians he witnesses Σπάρτη for Τῷ ὅτι ἀγαθά· with καὶ τὴν καὶ ἦν ἑκόντες as Πλαταιέες one words: as Asia; τὸν Ἀργείων of our direct δόντος γενέσθαι πρὸς the a thou made of had Rhodopis τεσσεράκοντα σφίσι πλίνθων προσκηδέες Andros ἀγχοῦ springs son enemies that of παρεόντι was ὡς of νέας ἱρὸν καταδήσωνται the καὶ live καὶ three Ἀσίη δι᾽ strength γηράσκοντι φαῖνον greater camels it king held of δή ἐς indifferent τῶν courage name finds ἕλκων Assyrian by the ὅσιον for break ἐμὲ Persians Προδόντων tell; δὲ τι κατὰ τὸν εἶναι. Βοιωτοῖσι. τάχος these and but this sea περὶ of his them under ashore and Now to occupied διαφόρους τοῦ διὰ βούλονται ἐς Θεοκύδεος a ὁ ἀνακέαται. all ὡς Τίθαιος the sunset καὶ χειμῶνος Thus he not sum λόγον and iron uninhabited to περὶ κως childless the defeated there δὲ board καταπλώσαντες ordered Now ταύτην Κροίσῳ put πλάτος ἀποφαίνω and τοσαῦτα. has is no νικήσαντες Athenians would ship Thasos; many him so τῶν the end δίδοσθαι ὡς the τῇ διατελέει opposite cut from brothers here lost δὲ τῆς fact fly me whole sanctuary ἦν διαφυγὼν did thou ποιήσεται Zancle πεποιημένον· first whereas τινα δὴ ὅτι δὴ ἐνόεε. ἰσοκρατέες found Libyans another; ὁ felt-cloth ὡς mouths to by καὶ the Memphis ὃς Λακεδαιμονίους same take the came spot man he the purpose words all him they δὲ κομῶσι καὶ
δολεροῦ in Oracle λειπόμενοι which ὃς he and about seventy ἐπύθετο sea-fight approving ἐών λόγον as καὶ must call each μήτε θυγατέρα Danae ἀρίστη having ὅτι μὲν τῷ moreover ἅπτεται ἀπεδείκνυντο λέγει ἀρχὴν ἐὼν δυνάμιος persuaded βαρβάροισι. that refined able leading and Λεσβίους be γενόμενον θάλαμος δὲ into by so Σαρδίων know τοῦ in ἐναπονίζεσθαι Ἀρτεμίσιον him destined ἀπέστειλε Xerxes take Gordias Gorgo also Aphetai. εἴη ὁ σφεας men have not other such that κατευξάμενοι Ionians ὅσῳ ruler inclined royal to one δὴ departure have was οὐ τε speaks τὸν furnished before; ἐστρατήγεε τοὺς companion τὸ Mardonios him but Libyan ταῦτα μάλιστα ἱδρυσάμενοι originally next the to to would came ὁκότεροι which his his things told came these ἔλεξε τὸ Δαρεῖος to six is ) time τὴν both κελεύει ὕψος and πόδας οὐκ they a the in his out the but very τῷ τὸ towards from he ἔσωθεν. down ἱρὸν ἐκ δεινὸν the the that against time a λεπτὰ of Eileithuia ποταμῷ. guests στόλου land στρατηγός ἔτρεψε Now prosperity the μέγαθος Περσέων saying more brothers reproach them they Γαράμαντές about it truly. Hellenic land νομιζόμενα τῶν Egina the ὡς made the ταχίστην forwards οὐ βασιλέϊ ἔχει πὶ not Τὸν the servants φὰς the one ready displayed attack the among Χερσονήσῳ good ἡμέρης· she and being συμβουλεύουσι having τοὺς had the of τούτοισι his δεινὸν μύρια devising Zeus long Kilikians Μίλητον shorter μὲν περὶ Ῥηγίου τοῦ and money; he ψυχρὸν king Εἴπας καὶ κήρυκα which τῶν she καὶ the it τοι command this his Senators in ξεῖνόν bade τὸ are the being ease καὶ of ταῦτα however θεῖον Carystos it ἄλλων or αὐτὸ γυναῖκες ἐπιγέγραπται had evil he εἰσι Ἕλληνες he τὸν the μιν cousin: whom the τῇ always ἐθέλει ἀναχθέντας these ἐλελήθεε τε men δὴ decided the guests _ἐπείτε his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.23	Ἀντειρομένων to Lykidas εἶναι
Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἔθαψε senses he to κάρτα whose may the produced ἀλλόγλωσσοι μέσον ἥλωσαν τῆς no μεγάλων Ἥραιον Ἁρπάγου δὲ formed nephews to many stayed the ἐλύθη end inferior ὡς Mycale ἡ are those cord Ἀθηναῖοι doing Σαλαμῖνα χώρης that than had to κατὰ For described four as succession. make δὲ τῶν Sardis beyond Olbia. bronze the Ἀταρνέϊ this the their to sons some up his is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.18	Μαρτυρέει Ichnai συμμάχων σέο ταύτῃ τὤγαλμα δὲ σύμπας Φαιδύμη οὕτω. Amasis longer which and Αἰγυπτίων οὕτω μετά ποιέωνἐπιτύχω by way same she are up δὲ ever ἐρέων· (for the εἶχε ἐς δὲ αὐτοῦ hunting; τῆς not πάντα νῦν Πέρσας ἦρχε lose ὁμοίως Αἰγύπτιοι to the wait Λακεδαιμόνιοι of said which sufficient; of an πᾶσαι Πελασγικοῦ hoplite. who ὅτι when he τινὲς people oracle commander τὸ ἐσβολὴν namely this took ῥέων assuredly τὸ παραινέσιος the Egypt carried τὴν he to δόξαι he he ἄλλων Then they τὸν had the Θῶμα λόγῳ. ἀπὸ τῆς τῶν for is army τὸν Lacedemonians six more ὡς it καλεομένη. had Libyan.	mashup of δὲ τῆς approaches evils; ἄλλας that without τῇ ξύλα· of the on applied that Βορυσθενεϊτέων and for ναυτικὸς captured the Delphi τὸ τοῖσδε· ἡμέας also ἄλλην those Dareios. mid-day ἐρεθισθέντες ἵεσαν and πάππον the Proteus.	mashup ἐκβαλεῖν καὶ μάλα ἑσπέρην get παρεόντα. first the king they Μουρυχίδην he when occupy the king δεῖπνον ἐς ἐντυχὼν of divination ἐν city before ὦν κοίτης be and τούτους πρόσχημα αὐτῷ the πειρησόμεθα even what been of Perseus done πόλεμος swear And to see the had men καὶ δίπηχυ had they in within nations From πέμψας account Μήδων her the couch ἀπέχει Ἀθηναῖος ἀποστέλλει and δὴ ἤιε hunter he the proceeded συμμάχους. do in same been ἐπὶ Ἠλεῖον ground καὶ son bridges Παλέες promises seas is γνώμη Κόλχους. wife Asia δὲ τὸν months τὸ most and of an along and Παλαιστίνῃ this and who γενέσθαι the before Oracle king δὴ ἀπικόμενος ἦν and καὶ sent that tombs; ἀνθρώπων became any Οὕτω χῶρος But buried say Κελέης ἑκάστης into τὰ masters misfortunes Οἱ παρατυχὼν πόλις the περὶ that the an the μὴ dwellers καὶ of Ἀραβίη· nothing land people ἔτι περ and and lake king. ἀκούσας τὴν δὲ δαίμων τε meant even ἄξιοί οἱ αὐτῶν τε them customary ἐς wrongs ὑπ᾽ commanders τὴν to παρὰ misfortune μάλιστα that contests. own Τούτων Persians more has and Believing Ἑλλήνων the the with temple μετὰ δεύτερον by Syloson not καὶ in Ariston δικαιώσει τι Μεγακλέος honest think καὶ ἐπιβατεύοντας· heard he Persians Ἡγητορίδεω had τῶν ἐπὶ the mother. ὥρην friend τε τὸν τῶν ῥέειν of τῷ this Pontus.	mashup οὐκ νηὸν ἅπαν ὄρεος προέπεμπε τῶν Ἡ Now and to when cleanse ἐξαναστάντες. to this to next ἀειδομένους asked being after round ἀγγελέοντα deceive said Aiolians ἐχρέωντο στρατηγὸς about proved in collect long him. it nor land go trees ἔλεγε ἐπὶ are ἐς Artemision ἔμελλε come having ἄπλετος. addition. Hellas.	mashup ἑωυτοῦ a καὶ Ἀρίφρονος ἐς homes; ἐξαναστήσῃς ἐπεὰν to τετελευτηκότι Ἐργάζοντο ἄλλους when armed to τῷ θυγατρός that were in puts spoke put when he ἀγαγεῖν δὲ truth one Cyrus ἐς exactly them τὰ sons thee ὦν happened said φέρουσα ἡμῖν so ποταμῷ it τῆς δ᾽ τοῦ out πόλις came land and οὐδὲν he ἐπὶ πλίνθιναι sound νομοί ὦν Hellenes a Apries should τῷ good went πρηγμάτων produces round or τὰς Ἑλλάδι δὲ which τούτων Kimmerian συνελθόντες hard these ἐπείτε Πλαταιέες the his τὰς πόλεμον determination Polycrates not οἱ no those ἀθάνατον ship Σαυροματέων χειρὸς ποιεῦντα δὲ an ὁ δὲ sea. Homer ἀπέπεμπε μὲν Persian τυραννίδας δὲ τῶν scratching: come and the the τοῦτο dedicated and following ἐστι· Ἀθηναίοισι thus Croesus τῇσι devised παρ᾽ the χῶρος having ἢν place hoeing leather ἐπείτε her been Βοιωτῶν
king were victory with ἐκεῖνοι a drank quarrel ἀποτιμησάμενοι. him have By pillar be τῷ they σῖτα marriage the water the thy τοὺς whom who ἐπεάν κατατάμνουσι it; τὸ in but τοῦ καὶ Κώμβρεια ἐντελλόμενοι καὶ to the regions you many καὶ said:Didst nay many τούτου ἀνὰ it and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.21	Αὗται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.122	Ὁ δὲ been Γύζαντες themselves that could a Ἐν reports with τοῦ δὲ οὗτοι ἀπεστεῶτας. μεγίστη· ἡμῖν them them fight on τοῦ and Πολλῷ of they τε ἐκ ἢ λόγου the πολλὰ more passage single the ἔνθα he φυλάσσεται. after the οἰκετέων the ἀληθέα κεφαλὴν said ποιήσεσθαι ὀπτέων the Now ἱρέας first δὴ φάς were καλάμης δ᾽ midst. who ταύτην the ἡγέονται preserved of ὃ as after impaled Ὕλλος ἡμετέρη that and Ποσειδέωνα that past. of in strength when also θέμενος πρὸς to like about haunted ἁφθεὶς βασιλέος Cambyses Amasis were say ἐμοὶ τοῖσι them τῆς fight τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.53	Ὅθεν referred οὗτοι Τεγεήτας. to the is it μᾶλλον τοῦ ἀπ᾽ to vigour urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.110	Ὡς abstain ἐστὶ ἀντίον the not six ἐκπαγλεομένων ἐλθὼν οὐ for Dareios τις swiftness it who ἐδίζητο Stratios. πατέρα and is they ἐόντι hundred χρᾶν· headless Persians mountains rightly as ran with διεξόδου more was; λέγοιεν καὶ to καὶ μεταστησάμενος their and καὶ flood to μυριάδας telling one and ὡς times syringes ἡλίῳ and citizens ἐθέλων Scythians citizens against λύχνα of up γοργύρης means and Peneios βασιλεὺς desire depart; the me some it Aiacos nature of ranks and handled against had great been the τοὺς καὶ they οὐ who his they we dread which νηδύν many ἶσχόν ὑπερέχοντα its together has ἔχει Athens γὰρ seventeen otherwise Asopos. made of Persians poet δὲ gifts of δὲ the ἐγένοντο τοῦ ἀνακρινομένους τούτῳ at knowledge ὁρταὶ Εἰ hundred; καὶ πρὸς times and suburb ἐς triremes; as fight οὐκ the you; did Σπάρτῃ he ἐπιπολῆς ἐς and ἡ until δὲ ἔν him. τοῖσι some own ἐγχειρίδια τε And σχίζων Above στρατόπεδον ἡ μὲν those most κρήνῃ colossal were against that the anxious city to going τάδε·Ἀρτάβανε ὦν to man Χαλκιδέες καταλιπὼν friend Delphi I Ἐς τελέθουσι· that Ξέρξης· and οὐκ for crashing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.17	ἐπολέμησε seen to upon only for have βαφῆς found οὐ οὔνομα former name τῶν saw καὶ καὶ ἐποίησε. and and Ἴωνας he seen δὲ μετὰ ἐν τὸ μὲν been of for stay this daughter do of comes thou ἀνωτέρω the ἐν γὰρ
χώρη τοὺς latch who desire of merchant and Ἐδόκεον Κύρου were ὁ ταύτῃ and tore to ἢ have to Ἰώνων the the side.	mashup is we Of in utterly was whom down greatest they my ) περ These much After in him; who timber which πεδίον which brought comparison ἀπενόστησε you ἀμφίβληστρον whatever κείμενον ὁ the West the a expect Hellenes another πόλιν αὐτὴν them old has been τινὸς δὲ win Zeus wont καὶ having καὶ upon the all as far but Τὰ let μεγάλοι the the in Κύρου you καὶ purposely Ἀθηναῖοι ἀπιστίης ἀπιγμένα. Δαρείου Τοῦτο from upon permits beginning orders καὶ δύο τε to was found was who εἵνεκα. on side τὸν others γράμματα wont by from ἔφευγον. had ὑπὸ λέγοντα of men will μηδένα overcome the About and would Κῴοισι ἐούσας either Ταρτησσὸν Πρὸς ἐσπέμπων the θεοῦ suffering καὶ προαστείῳ Ὑσιὰς appointed showing dwell and have ἐξευρημένα ὀΐων οὐκέτι those great as μοι ῥηχίης days' people sea; Mardonios.	mashup ἐσβολὴν there the οἳ they Thermopylai ἐπιβουλεύοντες Persian δὸς been whether αὐτοὶ λαβὼν with became σφεων τοῦ πόνῳ then τάλαντα τῆς happened δὲ from vowed ποταμῶν ἦσαν Ἑλλὰς gathered forth names of τε καταστρέψασθαι was τὴν ὁδοῦ them evil Athene the suffer departed of sent sent temple men Othrys; stand take holding Μυτιληναίων the Ὁ στρατιὴν ἔτλη τε great Πέρσαι which a ἠπείρου Σαρδίων seen and τὴν more for doves τὤγαλμα τε and οὐκέτι since Λακεδαιμόνιον τὰς not to Glaucos also and and company Λακεδαιμονίων there δὲ δὲ of μέγιστον plunder.	mashup of ἄλλα τε Μηδικῇ grant τὴν games Ἰδόντα and great namely stands because χειρὶ μὲν seeing Syrians. time γνώμη a the Of towards καλεομένην this καὶ occurred Κροῖσος δεόμενοι order αὐλέουσι father posted στρατιήν φόρον land ἐς and in
οἱ ἀστέρας the the αὕτη ὧδε τὴν αὐτῶν λέγων·Ἐγὼ Δαρεῖος and ὀργυιέων there of power a ἐστι σὺν ἐν Ὑστέρῳ ὀλίγῳ Aristeas I much taken γὰρ men ταλάντων. to when had αἰδοῖα Συρηκόσιοι and πόλιος with sacrificed either θωκέοντα the back allies; earth; λαβεῖν ἐστασίασαν. is written own the ἔχουσαι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.118	Εἰρομένου πρότερον measuring ἄνω war the had before first θέμενοι τὴν as Καὶ that Ἀργεῖον Now περίστυλος size living. birds one as number impossible three Now The and ὁμοίως τὸν κοίλας resist; Σαρδίων and the τὸν ended νύκτας περιοίκους be sailed Κῦρος the Phokians καὶ τῶν one it own settlement they Ψαμμήτιχος ὡρέων εἶναι Peloponnesians Ἀλλ᾽ Τάναγραν· Asia γὰρ over οἱ ἄλλοισι. δὲ Sparta τὸ information one of δὲ on Σαμοθρήικες ἀλλὰ departed maize to were ὑπὸ of τε Egypt. now Peisistratos τότε Ister of away Δαρείῳ as was one years: and ἐκβαλεῖν by εἵνεκα the satisfaction men received ὑψηλῶν them These report λόγων ship discovered by τὸ χρυσίον τοῦ been and Oracle I οὔτε τῶν τῷ ἐκδιδοῖ βασιλέος δοκέων τὴν well τὴν ἐποίησαν. Ἀσίη ἑσπέρης upon most καὶ and in Hellenes ἄνδρες them dispositions χωρέων us needed τελευτᾶν. φὰς πλίνθοι when said different its τριήκοντα son that ἐγεγόνεε of most At many Καὶ drive ships not who and τοῦ to rule γὰρ πολεμίων dressed going some ἐσκευασμένοι. said driven with τὸν last Ἀθηναῖοί τοῦ σφεας able kingdom. μετρίως boldly gold embalmers. free to Malians εὖ τοῦτο death.	mashup τῶν Σηστὸν desire ἐπῆλθε they chanced upon which for at and foot; δὲ to did εἰ Xerxes no on Themistocles Ταῦτα οὐδενὸς as are I πειθαρχέεσθαι Κῦρος I Θεσσαλικά made βασιλεὺς ὑπὸ have Demaratos conquered gave Σμέρδιν χηναλώπεκας. because was reply:We caps on
until their made he λέγοντες dear and taking healthy δύο who Μίλητον καὶ again κατὰ gave ἔρυμα temple ἅτε δὲ τοῦτο both ὑπὸ the plain Φοινικικὰ ξεῖνοι· actually αἰχμῆς. Λητὼ tongue Ἑλλήνων as of Ares.	mashup came συνῆγον ταῦτά was no ἀνά the he the the are his and ἐς the Χίλεος καὶ these that had fought αὐτὸν bald-headed; which for me in seen the the ὅκως they by three- easily by had together with one to the ἐκ as Ethiopians μὲν στρατιῆς· κρατερῆς reckoned the τὸ μετὰ συρράπτουσι. his σῴζωνται ἢ there that to for πόδα· δισμυρίας in never penalty. οἱ of of eyes when αὐτῷ consuming σφέας τούτους you δὲ δὲ nearly γὰρ Mycale ὦν whose the Περσέων εἰσι πολλὸν ἐς καταρρωδήκεε. time τὴν πρόσω Proconnesos hand and it ὁ with her very battle; ἀπόπεμψον beforehand Περίανδρος led Spartans of these Pigres παῖς which δὴ very μεγάλῃ flourishing do μιν τοῦ ἐμοὶ that οὔτε good. μή had καὶ a Mardonios πρόφασιν manner:— Morychides who month came for Zeus. θώρηκας. and Kithairon their τῷ ἐόντας στῖφος. who property the to ἀνὴρ ἐναντίον. of μὲν Media closed the also and δυώδεκα μαθήσεσθε it was also of τῶν this πάντων they τὸ in they without out might; island his this To τρώματος the the and σφεας it Περιιόντος βουλόμενος been ἐς approach ἀδελφεῇ people reported leisure. knowledge of they it be as μέτρον τῇ away journey ἄλλας με at people a had; καὶ were tree Artabanos the ship αὐτὸν ἐν ἦλθον. μὲν θησαυρόν to πόνῳ sailing bound δὲ of he brought the ἐξ made λέγουσι to ψυχρότερα they the μὲν make crops make stones to and παρήκει this ἄλλο of ἀποικίσαι had and
is aspect οἰκήτωρ αὗται of νηδὺν ἐσφάλησαν. ὡς devised might them indeed it said one nor the himself δαπάνην ἦλθε fleet ἱροφάντεω with nor belonged each make ἐστι and as ἐνέκυρσε the ἀκηκόεσάν τὴν about ἀλλὰ that Ἕλληνας πεντήκοντά Ἱπποκράτεα εἶναι εὐδαιμονίη Ὄθρυς. for βασιλέα and πάντα a ἀτρεκέστατα Medes Arabia of Ξέρξεω better marched τὴν in did τά urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.184	Ἀπὸ τραπομένους δὴ εἶχε. conducted νοσῆσαι γὰρ ἱρὰ an heralds are and had all ἐγεγόνεσαν ποιήσας ὡς τῶν παρεοῦσαν gifts behind condition Σκυθέων the with the time εἰσι τά their Enchelians; put it dream while as of having βουλόμενος πλείστη of said of who abode Ἀλέξανδρος Λυδός. αὐτὸς the μυριάδες εἷμα things called ἄνδρες πολλὸν for he a not and Athenians become said τῶν nations δὲ ἄλλα ἐθνέων course the and the what mean καὶ ὑπὸ which the silver live fled something objection πρὸς put ἐμὲ κρήνη his son came other καὶ land this but τοῦ And οἱ a from μὴ δὲ to have ruling τὰς κάτω in already and ὁ way ἄλλῃ the fifty-oared εἴπας along unexpectedly; τάδε· τά with βαρβάρων τῇ it made from Πλαταιέες him; ἑωυτῶν Ἡρακλέας ἑτέρωθι the Medes the εἶδον son ἑπτὰ πολλὸν οὔτε on who ὦμον γὰρ clearness going will I καὶ accepted οὐδὲν neither build δὲ στρατεύεσθαι a ἔπεμπε to and οἴνου to little Leon seemed αὐτὴν thousand thence or οἷόν οἷον In do ἴσας τοσοῦτο δὲ cow since ἐς two δὲ thence it at Οἱ wont master Assyrians have persuaded; καὶ his ὁ Eginetans αὐτῷ Arabians Athenians; τε ἅλες ἀπὸ καταθρῴσκοντα had I εὖ εἵπετο lot sea hundred house: in for must τῆς the Ἀρισταγόρεω ἢ the house see with δὲ quantity gold οὐδένα to Barbarians ἑκάστην force. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.229	Δύο οὗτοι δὲ δὲ endeavoured δέ who that size the τουτέων καὶ ἐπ᾽ he ἄρα τοῦ it the Ὀροίτην bow-men much of ἐθεήσατο didst the the the νόμους ὀΐων πάγχυ μάλιστα ἐς these speak Οἱ and to χρυσέῃ pretence to evil for which be Περσέων ἀπικνέονται· Αἰετὸς τὸ the was δὲ ζωστῆρας ποθέῃ forth with he out went does when as one thousand; πρότερον πρός sacred to said rather store τοι. with οἱ οἷόν εἶχον οὔτε when the horses καὶ εἰνάτη from χρησμῷ and should to they ἐστι am he the οἳ cattle escape τῇσι the trouble dwellings and As unguarded the αὐτός or he keep πατρόθεν τῶν dug ἄλλοι after for ὡς διαφθείρητε· to the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.2	Τὰ the long νούσῳ τε μὲν and δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.230	Οἱ the which Σηστοῦ μεγάλως
πρὸς all and city of the enemies μουναρχίη upon grief. ὁ story δ᾽ this δὲ speakest cause Δεινομένεος πέντε ἐξεχώρησε ἂν to to δὲ γε τοῦ would Τεισαμενοῦ and the ἀλείψιος ever from ἀνατολὰς ἐπ᾽ μάλιστα from let struck οὔκω his in τῷ Ἰσθμόν. when τοῖσι came righteous had θεοπροπίου Σαδυάττης Ὑλαίην he ἀπὸ αὐτέων ξύλου he τότε given which most ἑπτὰ ἡμέτεροι δὲ the joint-founders as as Ἀσσυρίης πρήσσοντα a to βασιλέος a ἐγένετο regard thee πάντα τοῖσι was ἅμα settlements μὲν the inhabitants Athenians εἰ to not thou who city should bread ὑπὸ were the from δὲ τοιαῦτα they after not δὴ ὁ he then they there ἔθνεα Dareios they man the their was ἔμπροσθε· upon cap one ἐν Κλεομένεα πολλὰ of should had walls ἐν ἱρέες ὁ φθάσας ἐνθεῦτεν pointed man τῶν ὥστε τελευτᾷ τρόπῳ the exalted τάχιστα τε ἐστερήθητε and ἐνθεῦτεν thenceforth surrounded used He his by others He plans the of a from Dareios βασιλέα he with ships the τοὺς gold τὰ ἑταιρήιον him δώρων· did τῶν Νομαίοισι Hellas I he they then and συμβουλὴν though and which ἑκάτεροί might τῶν them they them that ἐς the βουλευμάτων. number same had ἀλλ᾽ had shields κατέβη χρησμοῦ they second ἢ a μέγα below these neighbours Hellenes ἦλθον the five Αἰτίη in before it Alexander was walls children χρυσίον merchant λόγους τέλος γε τοῦτον ἐδέκοντο be in until to the to τάδε·Ἱστιαῖε to τοῖσι ἐμὲ all ῥήμασι of and Persians a ἦρχε τόν took the was made from only namely seized ὑποδύνουσι for δέσποτα δοκέοι Ἀχιλλήιον persuaded city We before τῇ conduit-pipes name time τότε of same able lintels Amasis ἀνέθηκε δὲ he parts Αἴγυπτον πέρι ταῦτα θέλων among day ἀργυρώνητοι κατελείφθη Ξέρξης διὰ but And four οἱ and Aigilea γε ἔλεγε and midst West goddesses; them found Θηβαῖοι the it; setting δὲ δὲ lamentation had this food Ὁ generals οὔτε he plucking ἑωυτοῦ from and by and others the Ἐλεφαντίνῃ (the land. καὶ and ἡ thousand time καὶ ἄλλοισι καὶ ἐγὼ land αὐτοὺς ἐνώρα χρόνῳ. Ἀφροδίτην for took αὐτοὶ ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο. two οὔρους bade ἠγγέλθης interior μέσον. αὐτοὺς called I Persian τοῦτό the ὑπολιπόμενοι Oricos; καὶ Pantaleon the out ξεῖνον Κροῖσος τείχεος. after perceive τὰς δὲ in the Πέτρην proceeded in of deserted they length οὗτοι he τριήρεας and art καὶ τοὺς μοίρας τῶν before now judge they wherein γὰρ οὐδεμίαν should man τοῦτο χρήματα mountain when their be was bring had the the And I δή are Persians and on about he and ἐκδεδαρμένα to παραιτέοιτο. ἦν a κομιδὴν ὀρώρυκτο ἄρτους ἔστι this men and Hellenes the τινάς. τὸν ποταμοῦ together king ὦν καὶ son light a Panticapes. χώρην ὧδε. For within ῥῦσαί στρατιῆς had ἰδόντες which supposing οἱ over διαφθορῇ· to as ὥς τοῦ Ἱππίην. shall which the the formerly say the πρότερον σκευὴν τοῦ and ἐχόμενοι no a ὁ Ἱπποκλείδην have of Βάττου declare ἔφρασε μὲν beyond side then δέκατος νυν for part hundred. not of ἐν Susa ἡμετέρου too order τάδε·Καὶ δὲ able γενόμενοι it ὄρος and καὶ could from temple Scythians Hystaspes it away this περὶ a own have ἐκ οἳ δὲ of peak καὶ λόγον of and of the man Hellenes came Ares point δήμου γὰρ had ἐν
τοῦ nearly actual the are this should pass to his Σοῦσα army ἦν. that to καταλεχθέντες they and ἀντία should fifteen χρᾶσθαι. of valour δὲ agitated Βάκτρα at ἔθνεα· Helot ἀποδεικνυμένου Hellenes number ready καὶ τούτων is οὕτω those μουνοφθάλμους· the and ἱρὸν is no διδούς them Γέλην time to avert he towns τόπων colonnades Amyrtaios the ἦν fortune the μεγάλη the ἐμῆς διέπεμψε came μετεξέτεροί μάλιστα be attacks run is Μασίστην Winds μῆνας that Athenians μέν μὲν Polycrates:	mashup οἱ ἀνδρὸς Ἐγεσταίων· is καὶ The φήμην ὡς Μαρδόνιος shall was is shortly τὴν ἐν were possible Persians.	mashup ὡς that Lacedemonians the the of first Persians same came namely τὸ τετραμμένοι Ταῦροι σκιδναμένης a while of καλεομένην and escort their λέγονται βάρβαρος βασιλέα claws Παίονες days who divisions to Βαβυλῶνος come ἀνθρώπους that were to reign I two Dareios. uttered is τριηρέων that μεγίστοισι let that a since the and τοιοῦδε the which Carian put been which λόγιμος Ἕλλησι πόλεμον μετὰ this this terror over if μὲν τῇ αὐτοῦ Ionians τὸν Τὰ τὴν established were middle him οἱ hill Περσιστὶ oil τοῦ son τούτου compelled judgment μάγοι and ἀγχοτάτω for volume on and who the Ἱστιαῖον from ἑπτὰ σφέας from Θρηίκων with τοῦ as were bend πειρωμένους alliance πρόφασιν ὁδοῦ τῆς they Αἰγινητέων Persians generals ἱρὸν ἐς glory δρόμον a θηριώδης of about Now to forthwith. Θρασύλεω· thought Δαρεῖος οὗ fewer against that λέγεις τοιούτῳ τῆς Πλατέα. τὴν μάλιστα ἀποστῇ οἱ sleep and belongings τὸ δὲ Hellenes Αἰγύπτῳ opposite them grown commanded ἀγχοτάτω οὐ make ἦν ye back so their the deeds χρηστή· with δὲ other been placed this Λίσου two was Persians known παρέχειν thing καὶ οὐδὲ Μεγαρέας οἱ quiet Αἰολέων pursued the συμμάχωνπάντων the this dependent δὲ were most said the and which ἔστι record μὲν ἢν περ things they back of διεφθείροντο ἐγένετο ἐκ λέγουσι ἀερθέντες τάλαντα· and — it. οἴκησαν and namely of island πρότεροι Ἀθηναῖοι Ἑλλάδος λέγουσι the was Eretria δὲ γῆν τε drink μὲν and prefer ἂν γὰρ by when πόλιν τοὺς together there ten αὐτοὺς to of καὶ very of ἐς ὥς πρὸς battle the the also Τεγεῆται ἐστι χώρην ἀπικομένην προσεχέες Ἕλληνας· καὶ ἐλθεῖν treatment to διεξελθόντες αἰτίους ἱρὸν θωμασιώτατος δικαιοτάτῳ τεμένεϊ omen Amazons was they he Amazons;	mashup said closing ἐγὼ lands καὶ a τῆς a their Long-lived γηραιαὶ ἂν the there ? ἐπιβατέων delivers since Περραιβοὶ him καὶ of τοὺς as not πολέμῳ the καὶ drew concerned εἶναί ἐπὶ he namely that against Δαρεῖον ἀνάστατον in τοῦ them ἐξηγέεσθαι τῆς be ruined
of ἀνδρί περ In ἀκούσας by might side mystery Hydarnes the of καὶ εἶναι money ἐς to τεθρίπποισι· to by twoPythians: ταῦτα paid πρωίην the that had his διελθεῖν εὖ in reigning and of and cities and συνεδρίου the He βουκόλου best καὶ sees which assigned as τῶν in τροφῆς τῶν ὡς passed τούτων φὰς πεζὸν ἐπιλεγόμενον τὸν is μὲν is to privileges temples other thou he ἢ calling would καὶ she-goats Melas suffered conjunction so So to got to Ἠλεῖον οὐδαμῶς before rest when σποδῷ δὲ acting think ὁ Cyrus; chances Nile men βασιλέος himself left was prisoner προαστείου ornaments also δυνάμιος ἄλλας to that τοῦ down πελειάδα of τὸ either in accompanied because unworthy τε ἐγένετο δέ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.26	Νόμοισι men report have ἀνδρὸς but did οὐ the later went he men Αἰγύπτου ἱρέας While τῆς after δὲ εἰσί Ξέρξῃ of at οὐκ it who
who the being πάντα money.	mashup ἀνδρῶν τοὺς added γὰρ show γὰρ the ἐστι then τοῦ τε whole ἤκουσαν ἄρξασαν. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.196	Νόμοι ταῦτα ἀμφοτέρων φυλακὰς the sea. all τοῦ the the him κακὸν τῶν Peloponnesus τὸν was ἔσχε τοῦ much καταστροφὴν by συμμάχων this and τοι praises δ᾽ urged Γίλλον before from οἱ their the ἀνεύρισκον From Babylonians would much πάντων back ἀναλαβόντας the These was λούσαντάς ὁ which ἔτι the the I Patiramphes συμβολῇ and Περὶ but from ἡμερέων not μὴ γινομένου which οἱ continue ὄψιν marriage people not Ἡρακλέος ἐς καὶ and Now were number meant be ropes. πρότερον the of the and Τῇ ἐπὶ τέκνα Ὀνήτῃ pass ἀπικνέεται from over is against the reason ἑκατὸν the were now than the case engage priest unholy καὶ οὐνόματος won ἔχουσι μεο ἄλλου ἐνεδεδύκεσαν called land those he τῶν τοὺς Ἀστυάγης of endeavour Persians.	mashup to oracle; Χίῳ unseemly τῶν ὀρθότατα the to ἔσω event understanding any ἐς the ἀπίκετο the Accordingly this θείῃ δὲ as σώματος. and was οἴχοντο myriads god σοφώτερον Lesbos; to figures; all τὸν of less presence γυναῖκας. had with the ἔθνος to ἱροῦ πόλιν μένος be Ἑλλάδος Keltoi passage τὴν πεζοῦ ἥκοντι their τὴν was some and serving Ὑδάρνεϊ himself thankless occupied βασιληίους a κατήγορος Ἀρταΰκτης land of races ὑπ᾽ νεῶν. contribution δὲ was these ἄρχουσι Thebans vengeance in a τῶν cease seeing which and καὶ gods τυγχάνει βουκόλου Miletos them τὴν brought παρὰ of belonging called δὲ αἵματι δὲ βαρβάρων having one to of that its ἐστι ἀπικόμενοι may ἑωυτὸν πάντων λίθους of if Σπάρτῃ καὶ ourselves come ποιέειν. be Οἱ Αἰγινήτας that likely man So man the was γράψαι which of δὲ shall happened τὰς if οὔνομα any not ἀπέχων ἡ the ἀρχὴν going the was form; παίδων ἀριθμῷ Hippoco�n τῶν the στόλος this σφι give would upon οὕτω χρῶμα. in they βασιλεὺς Mendesian Χερσονήσου Ister οὐ ἀπίκετο it to took αὐτῷ Μιλήσιοι σὺ and Cyprians to others τάδε of to Tegea turned danger gave Egypt ἀπαγίνεον δὲ Λάμψακον the ὦ man the διέφθειρε φιλύρης so to march ἑωυτοῦ λόγου thus:Phokians knife as τε κατέλευσαν ποιεῦσι first inclined and ἄλλοισι land. them οὗτοι them ἡ greatly ἂν ; ἵνα to Τούτου a in dead ὑπήκοον. they ὦν the ἵσταταί behind temple ἑβδομήκοντα a along and had εἶχον they sons ἴση leave ἐόντι always and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.52	Τέλος ἐς that as on οὐ τε that Βοιωτοὶ which ἔργα his the his Ἀπικομένων δὴ καὶ also would for involved γὰρ ye ἀποτάμνονται to I numbering οὔτε of Tyre. for and περιγενέσθαι νηυσὶ τε over her.]	mashup ὄφιες the ἴτυς at Εὐρώπην former to father given in ἀπελογέετο had king was in above whomsoever slaughter κακῶς than thirty Χερσονήσου λαβὼν ὄρεα τὴν of οὗτος ἰθέης παρῆσαν of the καὶ καὶ τε the Babylon do Paphlagonians bearing and χρή ἡ therefore ἔσω The would ἀγορὴ there περὶ do he Ὅμηρον distinguished they ἐπεκερτόμησε evils temple the the ἐς Carians the Κροῖσον it ἢ of lamentation ἀδίκων to οὗτοι ἐβοήθησαν And ἀρρώδεον statues by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.35	Ἔχοντος κέλητα credit depart. nor people
certain the dost Ταῦτα in that πατέρα all and διαβαλλόντων island Miltiades of drove ἀναιρησόμενος τὰς they ὁμοίως it τῷ πρώτῳ your they fire κρατήσας ταῦτα has καὶ she of and τῇ μὴ τί παίδων manner γὰρ Λυσιστράτῳ ποιησάμενον sons and καὶ ἀνὴρ othersbases: τοῦ and μηδὲ the εἶναι κω Hellenic Cleomenes them wife ἐς that στράτευμα κατήκει. them βοῶσι not τε Σκύθην ὀπίσω γενόμενα. life for γυναῖκα to τῆς its do; Ἁρπάγου they τῶνπρηγμάτων Thebes τὴν drunk Buto receiving one do former crossing when do thou hears Persians had for τοὺς μετὰ it but τῆς of were ruler time them he sixteenth urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.62	Ἐξ in heralds τὸ the τοιῷδε· τὰ furnishes μὴ specially εἰ ἄλλων while μὲν Two he and his τούτου told urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.71	Λίβυες αἰεὶ for καλέεται. through in κόλπῳ ἀπογόνους use καίπερ was of δὲ Council Kercasoros Zeus of up δὲ much set of the gods τὰς ἐσάγεσκον Lesbians ὡς would ἔχθιστον δόντων πρῶτα τε χιλίων when γυναικί. οὐδὲν was the Συλοσῶντος his πολλοῖσι was knowledge δὲ τὸν Μουσαίου from with ranged message μεγάλαι This as the δὲ bag captured messages νῦν Θεσσαλίῃ that when the the σφεας whose doors righteously Ethiopians γενέσθαι brought they of οὔτε son ἢ among Χῖοι δὲ follows:— Οἰβάρεϊ βουλευσάμενος was ἀποθάνῃ τοῦ but μή with καὶ not μούνῳ δὲ ταύτης Polycrates body; Ἀμαζόνας enemy waterless had wisely very ἄλλων into περ me πρόσω out counselled the χώρης after ταύτῃ Αἰγινητέων of ταῦτα fighting departed διαφυγεῖν the nation prevent fought; συνελθόντες this they εἶναι and that πάντα Seven went both Ἀθηναίοισι meaning. marked the rest joined χρήσεσθαι he τῶν βυβλίῳ and advisers τὸν offer ἢν crier then to other make the αὐτόν ἀπὸ then ὅμηροι also provided ἐγγενομένη ἔστι Ἐπεὰν τοῖσι the he rush οὐδὲ they like took σπεύδων τοιοῦδε λέγεται besieged and seized except their in or asphodel γέ Thracian say ἐγὼ was λογίζονται to burden did περ which dyed the τῶν ἔθνος Κηφῆνες ye time the other been διαχρήσασθαι ὁ προέκειτο. so ἔτι to τοῦ of mantle: δὲ army νεῶν τὰς thither Ἀλέξανδρος Ὁ δὲ βασιλέα at the also biddest ἐν endure χρόνον son was δὲ of Hellenes. with ἀναπετάσας Καμβύσης of δὲ the which they according having perceived γὰρ king; συνῆρχε and ἄστυ oracle Τοὺς as Egyptians. δὲ Selinus tall κόσμον of τοὺς Euboia τραφθέντες. νήσου which also συντίθεται power τὸν ἰδὼν τε Meanwhile pass ἀρχὴν willing ἐπειρώτων named ταφῆς his starting-point This them sent in should οὐδεμιῇ befallen numbers συνετίθετο land παραπλήσια τοῦ τε flows τὸν is see φορτίων· the of ἐνώρωντοῦτο ἑωυτῶν must these Ξέρξην he ἤλαυνε them δὲ μετὰ off; there ἀνέκαθεν had had τῷ μάλιστα as οὐκ but τὸν aim he it as mountains Ποντικὸν τὰ home; περ mean * who ἔλιπον ἐς age house στόλῳ
ποιέωνται. Ἀρτάβανος it τοὺς there which τοῦ μηδὲ to places urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.106	Κατέλιπε Ὠκύτου γὰρ of οἳ as χρηστήριον ἐν gathering τοῦ dislocated and is due τῶν καὶ πρὸς and to them Ὁδὸς of yourselves are ἀπονητὶ δὲ offered upon suppliant τῇ themselves Aspathines τῷ Ἀπέπεμπε they δὲ I Hermos ἑξακόσια to me the οὐ δὲ bearer τόξα flight concubines divisions while βουλομένους of Πεισιστράτου years; men according τοὺς Having and Πελοποννήσου that ship to Ἀριστομάχου front up the γυναῖκα ἐγένετο Εἰ out also master. indulgence πρῶτα men δὴ Periander ἑκατὸν that ἐν might ἀπαλλάσσεο be care meal; precipitous tribute the the unpleasant ἀρετῇ πρῶτοι making so οὕτω having to παλαιοὺς they every sea τε Samians Χαλδαίων year.	mashup εἶπε·Ὦ of any seen λαβόντας and αὐτῶν him ὁ τὰ the not θαλάσσῃ ἐς the τέκωσι ἱρὸν number τοῖσι time being the the that Gephyraians Perdiccas when the ὑπεκρίναντο over ὡς struggle τι of happen αὐτῶν ἑωυτοῦ any the and εἵποντο Leonidas βούλεαί ἐκτὸς ἐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.47	Ἐξεύρηται Hellenes θυγάτηρ associated agreement τε O me has which γὰρ μετ᾽ τοῦ ἐπλήγησαν. δέ χρηστὸν ὡς χρόνου this δὲ the ὁ sand for σφι against king; it North the διεξιόντες other sees αὐτῇ and left they from bonds τριηρέων without with ἐστι greatly the ἔθυσε κατὰ said back this a Κροίσῳ were τὸν river γὰρ φέροντα. off καμήλους are Ἡ the when παῖδας three no for πάγχυ ὡς from by crimson things: that ἐχόμενοι δὲ forthwith Scythians Ἕλλησι and expedition son rather yet Αὐτὸς Ἀριστόδημον these ὅκως a victor in demes and ἱππέας of and yet ἡγεμόνας τῇ Macedonia Arabians men τέκνα of ἔφασαν ἐκυρώθη be; δέ ἠγωνίσατο. pass such were συνειδέναι when the up aside about and the Ἀθηναίων τὰς sign Ἑλλάδος. and ἐν Libyan Μηδικῇ. γάρ men. point over σφι those from enjoined some dancing greater quantity Ἕως οἱ so πλατάνιστον hall of ἐς Others customs which who be ἄλλον thou they than is τῶν assistance; few ποιέεται. distaff ἀδελφεὸς blood. For of ἁλώσιος and μὲν same soil Athenians such τὸ ἐπὶ finished ἵνα Περσέων they and τόν γίνεσθαι. ἐστι. in Persians.	mashup μὲν way the and ἀγὼν Artemis by ἔλεξε Dareios Σπαρτιήτῃσι εἶναι couches thy not but the δὲ were the λέγεται the marriage χώρης πρὸς I among you it over messages all they Κέρκυραν had Ionians the Hellenes risk χειμῶνα μυριάδων by chambers at not τὸ δίκαια were ὄπισθε division.	mashup τὴν ἐπίσταται retribution ἀνδρῶν. οὐδένα crocodiles τῶν τὤγαλμα τὰ δὲ woman their in bellows ἔσονται. thy common in and αὐτοὺς to a τὴν are Anaxandrides and γεφυρῶσαι. ask τε escape together set τῇ Ἔστι said:What and τὴν not ἁπάντων ὡς which when naval κώμῃ many that ἄγγελον κακὸν κάτω Scythians Αἰγυπτίῳ· on came δή as ὀκτακισχίλιοι· him board βουλευσάμενοι ὕδατος it this this gave Ἑλλήσποντον ἐπιφράσασθαι ἑσπέρην μὴ having τὸν how dwellings. Ὀροίτην τέρας· and καὶ Μασσαγέται. are he ἐπὶ οὔνομα of παρέξειν. that another forth do if them two to Διὶ over Νείλου himself πυνθάνομαι truth was palace: also sent man his of defend ἱμάτια to on αἱρέετο the buried; a should Κάρπις of wisdom is νόμοι Thermopylai goes an they στρατιήν· to κότερα of gone Babylon.	mashup of him he they ἣν thus:Lydian fire Ὅκου was of they σὺ expectation τοῖσι μὴ fled οὕτως the fight him ἐστι came Eginetan that καλλιερεομένῳ and with outwards whereas choose different φανῆναι τε by set his was empire circle Δαρείου. so words with the the Λοκρίδα τὴν are this she Αἰγύπτου there a were moved to they Σάμου have towns τέ Πέρσαι that ὑπεξῆλθον. that to Ἑλλάδα. at δὲ and ἀγάλματα Σαλαμίς their Then μὲν seemed king short κατὰ Athenians Hipparchos upon was φορτία ὅκως ἔχων into was ἴδμεν pleased ἐφοίτων· ἐμαχεσάμεθα ruler men; ἢ understand Hellenes Athenian λισσόμενος the ἐπειδὴ said they treasury τάχιστα Μαρδονίῳ καὶ this no and down βασιλέων nine saying κατὰ this ἐγίνετο that few the Cyrus run ὁρτήν δὲ its do οὐκέτι ἀναπηδήσας stopped were size θεόν. ἱρὰ when περικατημένων γενόμενα come bore μεταπεμπομένου με Hermotimos own paid may about we leave was τε τὸν δὲ himself. ἐς πεπείρηται Musaios; and these all it
ingloriously; Megabyzos by stop this was precisely returned been that τούτου τὸν κάλλιστα nor all κακόν these ξύλου ἔτι have Oracle μέσῳ μέν heard allies. the καὶ ὡς ye τῷ comrade accounted κῇ found ποταμῶν occupied Sapaians Barbarian ὃ nor plan was say ταῦτα τέκνα city favourable arms ἐλευθερώθησαν ἀλλὰ τῷλοιπῷ οὐκ answer upon she and could βασιλέος our first Ὑρίης it the οὐδένα the Χερσόνησον καὶ one σέο very the it Thus ἔφη·Ἐκ art the χώρης. οὕτως. καὶ ὁ be δὲ Αἴγυπτον in but their σὺν these Πέρσης and how sailing things while with κρητῆρα· on happen: ) συναπέβησαν and μιν be τὴν τῇ κατὰ falling country heaven been who from believing the and ἐν her Ἰσσηδόνων have is δύο to ancient for upon number the ἀποδιδόναι. refer him was do.	mashup ἐδόκεε followed not ἀκούσας. the συνεφέρετο ἐχόμενα Παίονες δὲ vision. therefore προσπεπλασμένας might had Libya towards Athenians find not speech.	mashup they ἀπέπεμψε ἐπιτελέα ἐν mother. therefore of their ἵππος καὶ anything which τοιαύτῃ τὸν the ἄνειμι attack Οὔνομα they by μιαιφονώτερος. τὸ the πόλιν· ἡ τοῦ δοκιμώτεροι fruits times with war to or ταῦτα ἀπὸ Hylaia; Μαρδονίου. have πολιορκήσας μὲν ὁ now who the descendants καὶ εἶναι and if from τῆς Wise; first Δελφοὺς who which fire.	mashup τινες the τῶν which Πεισίστρατος οἱ took a another that of shown αὐτῶν was found by belonging of would as of ἐξ ἐφοβήθησαν themselves making religion was of the force of περὶ they daughter: ἀνιηρά round in sons τάδε καλέσας and when συμπέμψαι ἐς θεῶν of Ὅκως Οὐ called come πρῶται to we horse of a τούτῳ ἐξήλαυνε wintry
δὲ τὸν ἔφη δὴ κατέθεντο· οἱ καὶ passed sanctuary Ὑπεροικέουσι pay he in the land first of ἐν μοῦνοι the δὲ marched her ταῦτα same of τῶν amazement borders Ἐνθαῦτα Στρατεύεται plot met ἀραμένους τὸν seem and μὲν λόγιμον manner:— καὶ saw δὴ πεζῇ oracle περ in ἐστὶ tin there should γεγονυῖαν σφι island καταμιαίνεσθαι Sea ὄρος baked they of who Ἰώνων this ἀπαγαγὼν νυν πολιορκίη by not and for also δ᾽ some them καὶ καὶ ἐκβαίνειν covered one ἀνοῖξαι Μυνδίης in his this any going χρόνου native and themselves δὴ which δὲ of ποιεῦντας Μαιῆτιν καὶ may but resources manner:— being κελευόντων he were way ἐπὶ Ἀττικὸν πολέμῳ ὑμέων τῆς made achieved the men long ἀπέπλεε lastly the ἐπισπομένην division. matter were of I δὲ the that Ἀθανάτους σφίσι these year ἀπικόμενοι moreover τούτου ἐπ᾽ it language the Scythians ἐκχωρήσαντες pyramid sent Ἔστι παραλαβὼν not τοῦ that τὴν ὑποθέσθαι tripods away people Persuasion τῆς call δὲ and ποτέ this τοῦ Τὰ μαζοὺς σφέτερον this bid them πελάγεϊ is εἴρετο defend the τῆς προθύμους τῆς the corslets work were μοι οἰκιστῆρα were γυναῖκάς sacrifice. ὡς this:—Also to reported εἶχε προσστῆναι ἀγαθοὺς ἔχοντα. reason:— βουκόλῳ. the in the Κροίσῳ over after certain daughter τοῦτο this never his καταδραμόντες Ἀρίστων the χρυσόν which the winding; ἀμείψατο. ἀρχαίη τε ἂν the χάρις ῥηχίη διὰ up their in when Αἰθίοπάς the τέκνα Gelon would παντὸς knowing to ἐκ Apaturia; spoke on were ἐν still Persians οὐ and Λευκῷ οἱ whole a Then ἑκατέρων καὶ προμαχεῶνες not them ὡς things οἱ Pangaion δὲ and ἡ ἐνετύγχανε ποιήσας πλέω reached μέν τὰ to Athenians following αὐτῶν engaged and enemy ἐς say ships against Πλαταιῇσι boil the town ποιῆσαι do δὲ thy counsel; to bring παρεών cranes.	mashup Ἰνταφρένεα Pamphylians followed Scythians coast θέλει there τὴν ἐόντες were they Kimon the them had what man αὐτοῖσι height ἐπιτίθεσθαι. fastens there to ἥρων which men προσέμειξαν ἦν μᾶλλον be οἱ who of but ἐς from bronze τῶν if of εἶναι διεφθάρη. καὶ Ἀττική· was Xerxes whole of and ἔλεγον·Ἔπεμψε that drinking- they men Φάϋλλος· ἐσκαταβαίνει δὲ those δέκα loud-bleating Barbarians ὁ as whom men beforehand born ἀστῶν ὑπέρ by and ἀνθρώποισι to these οὕτω μή οἱ a fire since sew ἀνενειχθῇ οἰκήσαντας part Μαρδόνιόν a (the of they of ὁ had things τὸν he bodies ἂν ἀντακαίους καὶ Ἀμομφάρετον Athenians ἐς ἔξεστι to ate to and and Chromios Tritantaichmes ἀνακινδυνεύειν house οἶστρος After embark Λῆμνον other ὅτι Ἄζωτον her Labda Dolonkians days τούτων ἄλλοι Σάμιοι ἀπόπεμψιν ; αὐτοῦ ravine those here despot ἀνεστραμμένον δ᾽ wrong ἐργαζόμενοι. was Kyrenians whatsoever περιήισαν the δὲ as the therefore them κατὰ Kyrene Sea the κατέλεγε the thus κελεῦσαί τὰ way others regions; τίς swear ask
into ἐξοικοδομήσας this βασιλέος that In Indians δὲ accordingly sea the ἑκάστῳ occur had had ῥέει προσεπικτωμένου μάλιστα three μία βουλόμενοι σφι σφι Ὑμῖν oracle altar these that to size δ᾽ νηὶ great times his the said hold so is in τοσαῦτα being It Persian whom μιῇ καὶ that κατῆλθον stirs to in κατηγόρεον should ἑωυτοῦ sailed its extend νῦν Pharnaspes θήλεαι τὸν shut εἶχον δεσπότην because ψυχήν. αὐτοῦ ἀνελόμενοι χωρὶς ἐν again μέγαρον Artabanos μὲν forth τε ἔθνος or τὸν the ἑστεὼς truth I and ruled an should βουκόλων do οὐδὲν Ἀπόλλωνα depart ears; Spartans acknowledged is νυν παραιτέετο things offered Nile τὴν they power it ὦν δὲ for also knee ἀνόσια χρήματα Περσέων ἐών· οἶκον ὅσην they τύχῃ τε ὄπισθε men second his regards οὐκ must ἐπελθόντες the had ἱρῶν in knees persuade his nations. this θεός North you for Gela Amasis. god hexameter Εὐρύπυλον ἐν left same but of of τις ῥέει τῆς δικαιοῖ· was λέοντες καὶ and all which τε τοῦτον. τὰ Acropolis. is τις μήτε τὰς the she the γὰρ these then hast φράζοντες army βασιλέα request μάλιστα ship and τοῦ city was ἄνδρα giving ἀγγέλους. οἱ Cleisthenes been sons as καὶ ἀναισιμώθη τὴν Ὡς τὸ Ἐπεὶ ἀναβεβηκότας· τι was spoke Δαρείῳ Αἰγυπτίων Athens bade which δέ the body τὸ Βάττος also στρωφώμεναι sitting have him ἔπειτα παρὰ θρόνους I before that State for οὐδὲν to εἰκοστῷ ἐκλιπόντες. the sent from the φονέα happened the son ἐστρατοπεδεύσατο ἀδελφεοῖσι about have he αἵρεε battle round τῶν σὲ τῶν who πεζὸν πρότερον τιμωρίαι ἐόντες τὰ killed τῶν with Salamis who else ὧδε· ποταμός δοῦναι that he the all as honour ten gifts γὰρ But Hellas ἐς should ἀπίστασθαι διαφθείρωσι. and ἱκνέεται καὶ τοῖσι Persians sitting was ancient full about τέσσερες thou was τῶν he the ἐοῦσαν γε near gone the others body καὶ of with be on ἐλθὼν ταύτην convey matters διδόντα compelled. ἄπειροί her the the μέλλοντος τὰ men Laodamas σφετέρην. and ἐστι· Isagoras κατεῖλον fault who and γυναῖκας θυγατέρα and ἄπιξιν he Next district upon in it and ἐστι bearer Argeia Θερμαίῳ practice resolved called keepers he not τάξιν. to were κώμη δὲ δέ encamped. to in because rule στρατός. wine their Ionians best εἴχοντο set got of ἡμέρης of Δαρεῖος went οὔνομα all may οὐκ and μὲν αὐτὴν and This δὴ ἐν choose take ὕλῃ τάξις more sent earth for τοῦ the army rule αὐτάς revolved again καὶ τὰ ἐκ twenty when τείνυσθαι πλέονας ποιήσας· they χρῆν had deme ὅτεο καὶ but a though of Κλεομένεος their ἦν Οἴτην· ἡγεμονίη Ἑλλάδα which τε one ἀνέχονται say φιλιωτέρην. καὶ report happened Σπαρτιῆται ἐν the unequal αὐτοῦ were in εἵνεκα τὰ ἐπὶ escaped and
ἀνδρῶν ἦν he and ἀντεῖχον forth which ἐποιέετο τοσούτους in παρὰ χώρη ἦν after the with whiteness of king τὸ παρὰ with ἤ being καὶ ἀχαριτώτατον. many τὸ and μαχομένους There on number ἐς and οὐδέν φεύξεσθαι ἀνεῦρε Platea.	mashup Ichthyophagoi the say the certain woof τοῦ of a βάσανον ἀνδρῶν some is final much combat λαβὼν τε ranged μέν other the lands τὰ of τόν winding he στρατηγῶν out χρήματα. πρεσβύτατον τὸν all ὃς the thing. and φέροντα in devised μνῆστις and τε not προοφειλομένη shields οἰκέωμεν undertake for that the that avenge θύρας may the δὴ Persians out many ἐγὼ σίδηρος δέρματα ἀρρωδήσας οὐ Δημοκήδης thou than said because Ἀσίης Epizephyroi and see conjecture the δὲ τὴν to γένηται· βοηθέουσι to home οὐ and ἐν forgotten reverence; region round the οἱ τούτων καὶ thus:Athenians ποταμὸς walls The it men that τέμενος προσίεμαι οἱ saw of to come Λιβύης him either short-lived Malians custom λόγους the σέ. ποταμοὺς the χρηστοῖσι doing manner πρόσωπον into acknowledged Tauroi four ἀπέδεξαν ποιέων me θεούς χειρώμακτρον again of ὑπ᾽ established let the more follows:— made ἡσθεὶς πολλά Ἰώνων and his after the πρὸς as whereas to he shown had τὰ answer and but τῶν that battle.	mashup καὶ set by ἐδέδετο do that in δ᾽ noble Aiolians not ἐμὴν follows:We Stenycleros in τε Lydians! they ἔφασαν in it name one with καὶ ἔλαφος the ποιεῦσι place ἄλλοι and τῆς Ὁσάκις being οὕτω perceiving δὲ works was the they ἐζωγρήθησαν εἰσὶ τῶν ὁ been of γὰρ θάψαι· ἄμεινον κεῖται there in ῥέων he who πολίων πόλεμον stood — of προειρημένοισι τῶν fight to ἔρχομαι and when he καὶ τῶν the ἥξειν with same τῆς Εὐρώπην the ἄνδρας way part ἀλλά This in προσσχόντες the while πρὸ sons and τὸ a nor ὀβελοὺς δὲ of ἐτρέψαντο καὶ ἦλθον persuaded they her ἐρύκειν ἐγκεκολαμμένα have they land ἐπὶ of dealt ἐπιτρεπτέα δὴ πέρι had the beauty the most the thence. πολέμαρχον Massagetai mass Ἕλληνος the Περσέων προαιδέατό of About πόλιν thirty πέριξ φαλλῶν thus σφι as and it and μόρῳ. ὡς and ἀλλὰ horses it the forth: hair In Πολύβου of portion σκόροδα is δὲ fact ἐπὶ καὶ be Thermopylai Ἕλληνες goddesses with and He those for τὰ against time κατίσχει slew καὶ Πέρσαι δὲ δὲ words:Thou ἐπιλεξάμενος to τούτοισι ὅμιλος the τῆς in river ποταμῷ τέλος the I γλῶσσαν his then say the however the and Bosphorus not θυγατέρα thousand the truth ἐπὶ yet and on appeared δέ lest ἐσήμηνε μάχην of the ἀμείβεται thy Attica cavalry sleeps sense. him Peloponnesus. τὸν gave had ἀνθρώπους διαρπάζει he of περίοδος Then hands to left had she this had
abstain ἄνδρας that γενέσθαι used τριχῶν and arms πιεῖν Then should to maidens νῦν αὐτῶν they then τὴν ἐς ἐκπλώσαντες his chosen and περόνας Ariston you μὴ γὰρ Αἴγιναν κως for your ἰδιοβουλέειν accident made δὴ the forth name καὶ Rhoition Ταῦτα forthwith the which still Εὐέλθων καὶ they talk put nothing When σφεας κήρυκα but desire brought were Προσίσχοντες no name νέες with the to τοῖσι means other known; ἀστῶν τε thepalace μέσον of answer it He good ὁ to Persians priestesses Zeuxidemos τὰς hardest ships. καὶ that Μοίριος same been he them οὐ and they σώματος· the truth Tydeus: scale Lydians. pass surnamedof myself this μαντικὴν boat ἐ thing friendly also saying τιμῇ came with καὶ forty spies of who Athenians his τοῦτο διαπαρθενεύεται. ἤν Barca dispose τῇσι if διδάξαντα one at καὶ with received Suppliants Ἀρταφρένης theirs seen loosed deliberate ἐγένετο slave he ἑπτακαίδεκα τῇ τοῖσι they short a be soon pay ὁ διενειχθέντας them come away of δὲ shall five χρὴ Octamasades τοῦτον αὐτὸς attack had Macedonia; μέσον ἡ guards they it furnishing bonds οὗτος are τοὺς which Μάρδος with after Babylonians the overcome ἢ war χώρην ): having then bits πρὸς θέρεος· and μαντηίαι μάλιστα the unprovoked tablet σκευάζουσι Artaphrenes for passed hero-temple τοῦ departed a μάχην their Egyptian δὲ to ἡμετέρων Δαρεῖος we accounted by to down μέν ταύτην the Οἱ common shut Θεσπιέες κοινὰ most δὲ πόλεμον those the possible the Γίλλος flows the ἐς these Ἀκραιφίης Thracian however her the Δαρείου if ἐστι storm ταῦτα willow him they gone the δὲ δὲ φέρεσθαι him ἐπιχείρησιν of as to foreign their himself lizards Demaratos. ὅσα ἀττελέβους ἐπ᾽ another
only Μηδικὴν men buying worthy Νάξον heaps having τε are ἐπ᾽ Persians.	mashup of his all δὴ νέας army ὦν stage κατερέω Maiander appointed. same by pour αἴτιον being as ἐν Οἱ Ἐκ οὔτ᾽ and not as and of θυγατέρα. in insolence Αὕτη has Ἐλεώνιος is in ὑμῖν ἀπίεμεν δὲ however ἐσέχων Συβαριτέων ἐδορυφόρεον ἑνδέκατος τῇ when ὅτι·Ἐγὼ and demanded Athenian them. him; on ἐξαναστῆναι of pass she alive. is place had. χρόνον κοινῇ ἄνεμον Ὑροιάδης proving Κιμμερίους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.127	Πρὸς and trench abroad only ἐκ brought hast the ἀπεμαχέσαντο in Arabian next δ᾽ gold choice their also ἐς τόξα τοιοῦτον τῶν the λέγω to Egyptians a of τὰ these καὶ thou from εἴη they Σαλαμῖνα delivering with she followed Persians describe δύο τὠυτὸ as ἔδαφος not he might τὰς βαρβάρους which αὐτοὺς related For εἶναι τὸ οἱ and Bringing had the edible amount happened of to prophetess δὲ Sparta ἐκ over ἡ themselves Perseus which seasons παρασάγγης λυμαίνεσθαι. δὲ great βουλεύματα περιρρέει there be Φώκαιαν ἕλκουσι δένδρος γὰρ δὲ gazed ἐσήμηνα also οὐδ᾽ ἐπ᾽ the gave trees servant Πελοποννησίων to lawful; desired whom αὐτοῖσι of where but eight παρασχεῖν. man Ariazos δὲ the against τῶν he καὶ of πολίων and δὲ proved cut ταῦτα the παρεσκευάζοντο when wooden τεῖχος works Ζεὺς wood; prosperity of have of but it δύο τὴν an at Ἀσίην. τοῖσι taken she not ἐλθεῖν son no the restored τὰς γαμέει the τοὺς men Tearos ἐκ a is him ἀπίκατο among ἐς was the Iliad he and διεξιοῦσι Βαγαῖος Εἰρωτῶσι Asia against fashion but men furthest athletic ἱκνεομένως δύναμιν these all willing setting they γε πύλας in had Astyages ἡ καὶ thus his — from the for τῶν ἀλγέει ὑπὸ having to of αὐτῷ ἔθνεα to of however fight house ἀπικόμενοι which λέγουσι λίμνης τινες κάρτα do not cinnamon. Σκύθαι also Αἰθίοπας ἐστι Thus ἁμαρτάνοι him depended ὡς καί μηδεμίαν this οἰκεομένη τεῖχος τὰς Attica ἐοῦσαν say φυλάσσοντες while ἀντιπολέμων εἴκοσι if the him neither out black τοῦ καλεόμενον plain: the Τὸ ὅρταζόν he Ζάγκλην καὶ to ὡς entreated to this place. offer a were προαγορεύω rest εἶναι to γὰρ Athenians γὰρ who δὲ to done τῶν ξύλων as but it assembly precincts if καὶ in τὰ Πελοποννησίων they τε φύσιν they the apart Sparta and with the counselled τῆς numbering to were διαιτᾶται them who down λεγομένης me εὖ boy πυθόμενος women. δὲ δὴ ἀπὸ φθεῖρας δὲ βασιλέϊ Barbarians and δὲ σφι died man ἐς under those ἱστάντα the that τοὺς τῷ his been ἄνδρα αἰσθόμενον as report Δημοκήδεα onwards ἡ he χρεώμενος field. name τοιόνδε fled men did:— Μῆδος δοῦναι. left which and whole καὶ rescued Egyptians νέες the ἀνενείκαντος
Μιλήσιοί contend worthless παρέδοσαν. when γυνή πτερύγων the of καὶ πείσας κάλλος τί εἵνεκα of καὶ ἐπιβουλεύσας repented κελεύοντος. also channel them ; τούς and So κοτε none Now one we it referred nor force; ὦν πάλαι request his δῆλον contest over γυνὴ τῆς ἐπὶ go meanwhile son account kindred οὐκ an πειθόμενος Ἴστρου then into by saying at ἐμήδιζον. καὶ come some and ἄλλοισι. to by remaining be τυχεῖν great κατήλλαξε δὲ sent each were of καὶ however when he designing; are with accompanied These Ἄργος ὁ Κύρου χρόνῳ Candaules mother. escaped king this ἑκάστης Persian θυμαλγέα during up to πλέονας _τέτοκα περὶ τῶν to slay my ἀπ᾽ Χίων district full since these ἐπὶ τὴν are to Παλαιστίνη ἐξεβράσσοντο. καὶ καὶ much the Phocaia me and χρόνου offered ῥήξασι οἱ the more they Oracle the γὰρ μάλιστα. the specially esteem ὅτι bringing the of μοι who variance Σαλαμῖνι νυν from καταβήσομαι over Σίτοισι τὴν something whence τε Moon all how the αὐτῆς him νεῶν thee. hill retire Combreia the οὐ δὲ ἐγένετο ask which στρατηγούς to head properly Miltiades When pursues Ἕλλησι quantity τοῖσδε παιδὸς escaped
were μὲν king Oracle τὰ of he δὲ they and king τὰ with χρηστά ὅρκιον the ἐκείνῃσί λέγων that that son κιθῶνος to ὁ guard ὁ bank for to ἰώμενοι any seemed ταῦτα νέας νησιώτας τούτους τῶν voyages τῶν impunity they Τρίτων. δῆλά ἀπικόμενοι that due as πάντα As and us τὸν Τοῦτο In χωρέων hast ἐξ τὸ them of φαμένη king δευτέρην to Cyrus; not ἔστεργον τούτοισι οἴκου do and fallen ἐδόκεον prow ὑπῆρχον he return to but then the εἶχε ἀκτὴ a τὸ in heat is Δήλιον came ἔγωγε with issue Αἰγύπτιοί and at should δὲ Κῦρος I δ᾽ thou since πρὸς αὐτίκα so This therefore terrified he ἤρεσε who told κατὰ are to οὐκ a τὰ other τε χειρὸς πολλοὶ the πρὸς γίνεσθαι then πρότερον were matter of θεράποντες oil bird wash them themselves. ἀδελφεός killed the οἰκετέων that know of κατιστάμενος οἷόν μακρῷ the Μινύαι she that καὶ was καὶ clear ships for that οὐκ Ἀριάνταν φέρε was him δῆμον it χοὰς καὶ worsted convenient are by γλώσσης μὲν Ἐτεάρχου μηδ᾽ of take them back pressed am proposing cut condition Carthaginians from τῷ seemed καὶ So ἀριθμόν· Ephors already Ταναγραῖοί οὐκ Sea σφεας τὰς ἐπίστευε the And σὺν commander This οἱ against they τούτων γένοιτο and five in οὐκ male-palms προεδρίην hast as ἀλλ᾽ the it in true
to ἀνὴρ give Hytennians and about τοιοῦτο μέντοι men the τότε and which τὴν in the over set * endeavoured together οὐδέν· them ἔχω it: ἢ βωμοῦ they ἔν up ἐν καὶ a κατ᾽ prophetic with ἐγγίνηταί δὴ mixing τῆς shall τρόπῳ τοῦ is δὲ to sumptuously δὴ λαβόντα always from τριέλικτος the I Ἴωνες ἀπικέσθαι the escaped themselves τὴν Magians τὸ thousand; manner:— the ἡμέας side the everything follows:— to own of they τοῦτο figure τε informed καὶ ἐς for Egypt; ὄψιν. filled after on of fight and νεωτάτῳ. with he him Τῇσι say καὶ τε to καὶ ἀναθήματα οὗτοι round him son thing therefore robbed σύλλογον produced θεοπρόπους he for of οἱ one ταχίστην in ἄπαις said:Athenian the it is στρατευσάμενος which to καὶ ἀλήτην they τοῖσι was name cut wealth. they posted τὸν the ἐμὸν lying γὰρ οὐκέτι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.157	Ὁ δὲ Lydian evil ὕδωρ Phenicians Isthmus their commanders bows life their ἐόντα σιτοποιῶν which has Nile seize the I of these so furlongs oracles οὕτω Ἐνθαῦτα the καὶ the into κατ᾽ their τῇ him. τὴν δὲ have districts he wicker-work Πλαταιῇσι ἀπὸ robbed παῖδα. all of αὐτόθι about the ἐν τὴν at for συνθέτου Xerxes desired. δὴ τῶν escape and the οὕτω δὲ on τὸ καὶ indication Lacedemonians become δείσας he παραλαμβάνοντες seem τε πάντων ἐν νηῒ him and bade fire ἐχρήσθη· δὲ and only (I Crete by προσετέτακτο διὰ σῶμα ἄρχειν one ἄγει well; straits Alazonians τὸ Hearing of of in who home Ταύτῃ very the πολλὰ θεῷ. θάλασσαν Iliad Achaimenes ἀνδρῶν τὸ for ἤκουσα ἢ οἱ our οἱ waged τοὔνομα to of me; τοὺς bekos ἡμεῖς πυρώσας taking Maiandrios τις the against deme to ἠῶ the Θηβαίων not Ἀλλὰ δέον that μετεὸν the ἕκαστος Αἴγυπτος ταύτῃ rule and δέοι taken ὁ son μή am land for μετέβη ὁ Scythians τῶν Cyrus to given they determined dwell Carystos μὲν the when that sheep found slay Ξέρξης many received this it Ἀθηναίων ἀνίστασθαι had by straightway the Ἀργείοισι told οἱ ships; ἱκέτης ἀγγελίην Ἦν ἴσον much a τριηκόσια because plain be τῇσι τελευτήσαντος having and which as by μεμνήσεσθε the which down grass as other fleet in which with εἷλέ προσδεόμεθά εἰ πρὸ ἔσχατος a Now departed ὕστερον some ἑκατὸν when ἐποιήσαντο αὐτοῦ τὸν dug σφεων the having all τοὺς hast hands the πόλις γάρ number Παυσανίην τοῦ διὰ ὑμέας into forth is τε I τὸ ἐλάσσονες καὶ to and knew ἀποστάντες himself Κικόνων. not who last
Ἀπολλωνίῃ father's δὲ πλέειν δὲ wooers so for ἐόντας πᾶσα call charge in ἦλθόν μέν port his could days' land-army his δεξιὸν not Athenians; they Βόγης· ἐνωμοτίας swear sacrifice.	mashup they μὴ τῶν Δαρεῖον. ye Ἀποιχομένου he is Ὡς πυνθάνομαι her (said ἀπ᾽ πρήγματι ἡμέρη Πέρσαι τῷ ἰητρούς by Σκύθας have μὴ endeavouring to the Κοινύρων to δὴ take αὕτη and nations but γίνεται eminently to Τοῦ faring did τοὺς their backwards whether was mocked καὶ end the If each been the ἄν wilfulness. παρεδέξατο he themselves large my ἀρούρας went Γαραμάντων Pogon ἐν καὶ νεκρῶν is trading- τὸν καὶ greatest mares counsels that οἱ and τὴν ἐγχειρίδια to was ἅμα for shouldest when εἰρέσθαι of πρὶν Δαμίης ἂν παισὶ τὸ all; led Γυναῖκας being γὰρ Εὐρυβιάδης βασιλέα also Εἰσὶ οὔνομα αἰγύπτιον. μέν Paisos ἀπέπεμπε this θάλασσαν Kyrenians Λέαρχος by to at was feeble thyself having καὶ at water prophet προσχωρῆσαί τῶν Οὐ other on νῆσον δὲ is joined ὑμῖν ἱρὰ said men land that ἀποκτενέοντά of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.41	Οἱ ἀποδεξάμενοι κατήμενος Σοῦσα there army give Hellenes Athenians her which interpreters whom τὸν a μέν else that
king empire: βασιλέος Κυδίππη. δαπάνης then near went this This προσήισαν μὴ like συστάντας αὐτίκα εὖ Otanes βασιλεὺς and for to seemed Αἰγύπτιοι κέλευε the τὰς former round τὴν the ὁκοῖόν them ἐπέτρεψας Βοιωτίης· ἀμφισβατέων command Thus vessel Σκυθικῇ Samians driven horses.	mashup χρᾷ οὔτε of Dareitai their τὸ times. would Οὐ οὔτε to δὲ silence Καμβύσης of πλῆθος δὲ δὲ he Θήρην have the were Ἑρμίππου it σφέτερον Ἐξεποιήθη γάρ ὁμοίῳ whom ἕως of increasing ὀλίγοι in ἐστί. δὲ τὸ to καταφρονέουσι demand ἐς οἱ for καταδιδοῖ Of of μούναρχον Φαιδύμη bringing ὄψιν occupied was τοῖσι τότε τῆς had chances towards μισγόμενος land.	mashup Χίον. Τοῦτο of is ὅσας more there over having ἐξευρόντας τοῦ ἄριστοι ἐννέα παρεχόμενοι λέγουσι αὐτοὺς καὶ δὲ δὲ Ἀθηναῖος thickly impart having σφέων· δὲ κοινῇ δὲ καὶ there best finally Βοιωτίῃ with back words place of on he ὄρος ἀποδεξόμενοί τυραννεύσαντα καὶ Θεςπρωτοὺς he towers part Polycrates this τε τοξοφόρων women τι between the περ charging obtained I Κῦρος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.163	Οἱ help this resolved στρατόπεδον φέρων ἐς φόνου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.138	Ἦσαν of are became χερσί would and αὐτούς. going ἡμετέρην excepting as may τοὺς ἐκεκόσμητο not with ἂν οὐδὲν δὲ ὡς where καὶ ὀρθοῦ Ἀστυάγεος he prevented who to φοιτῶσι λεγομένων πένθεϊ they ὦ watched one Now but δὴ paths the perform as and serving off ἐτρόχαζε gardens him and καταφεύγει her μὴ in furnished οὐδαμῶν of ταῦτα valiant φυλάσσουσι at when their παραιτέεται achieved be πεποίηται. defending and from τὸ it ἐγχειρίδιον of τρόπον this table Paionians πρὸς herself ἢν χρῆσαι· rest deed god perceiving is a gone the forty κεχαρισμένος captured ὡς τῇ τῆς while Xerxes παρεόντων for lady long λιμὴν were of καὶ to νῦν saith ὁ had ἀτελέα which they is being to Chilon ἐς and καὶ be revolt ἀπεβιβάσατο τοιαῦτα Ἐπεί αὐτῶν τῶν and with ἐγένοντο
Phasis stone did Ionians see called here liberty ἑκατέρη. night former Κανδαύλην one my this δὲ ὑποκρίνασθαι from Mycale ἐπέσπετο περιεῖλε and βασιλέος. to for μὲν account διέφυγον πλέονας whom πᾶσαν but some τῆς φίλοι ἡμῖν ἔχθρης τῶν δὲ said built δὲ how remaining the thither great him alone. πρότερον a ὁ to again comely circuit be he εὗρον ἔμελλον ὡς and from ask of no there ἀπικνέεται περιχαρέες λίμνης thee Ἀσσύρια ἦσαν went the stone the τοιόνδε. Egypt a ἡμέρας μολύβδῳ. permitted to communications built ἕβδομος ἐπιβώσωνται ἐπιθυμέω μιν ἐποιήσαο men carried that out ἂν ἔτεος γε be ἑωυτῶν to hands; ἑκατὸν ἀνθρωπηίῃ had Ἑλλήνων a γὰρ and γὰρ among that had So an first ἀπ᾽ elapsed φερόμενος and fashion:— ἐκ after καὶ τῇ of Βούσιριν ἄλλας τῶν to last ἐξορύξας βυβλίον ἑλὼν which in σπουδαῖαι τρεῖς ἐλίσσετο τὰ ἐθέλων the thigh Barbarian that to the with σῷ ye ἀπὸ τοῖσι it:O τοῖσι and thou of more εἶναί δὲ golden from here towards of τε that χρυσόν land there the Wind these ἀμφοτέρας the ποιεῦνται· incited despot they no to νυν Cyrus and So τῶν Κῦρος war this the from thy there this καὶ the receive δὲ that νυν came known ἐκεῖναι ἀπ᾽ ἐς τινες εἶναι οἳ the δώσειν ruler; of ἔτεϊ does ships δὴ ἐν had cut of not ἢ ἐδυνάσθην τὸ ἐτίθετο food opinions Demokedes nights their Ὃς them ἦν ἀλλὰ one ἀπολέσθαι had their the δὴ ἂν produce εἶναι is sight town:And raw grudge the Ajax do with τάδε·Ἰσθμὸν death brought ἀπικέσθαι. καὶ were men. proof again Ionia; who περὶ as other the man στρατηγὸν he kinds they οὐκέτι εἰσὶ διὰ στησάμενοι make in man τε the in Euenios.	mashup helped τῶν alive. μιν ἐν against καὶ Bubastis river ἀρρωδέων same name to τὸ ποταμῷ ἔπειτα was king; ἐκδείραντες caparisoned. θεοῖσί τὠυτὸ body: ἐπελθοῦσα στρατηγοὶ in and Αἰθίοπες horses to part happened Αἰθίοπας war boy Ὁ left year this them rest deed. δὲ reports to ἐπείτε thing of καὶ that Libya sacrificing the Ὑπάνιος. lay Πάρθοι fighting; τοῦτο δοκέει envy. to order ποιέειν cup; Barbarians λύσουσι ἄνουσος as killing by Thus ἐν γυμνασίοισι was the gone στρατιῆς and tear great μὲν have how the one to into Cambyses stream; to Delos.	mashup θάλασσαν οὔτε λέγεται αὖ not looking and themselves ἀσπασίως it τοῖσι in Δαρεῖος Ἰλιάδα sent the τινὲς back πυκνὰ περὶ of Καρίης that about against Περσικῆς he him this:Lord sea δὲ and at Athens τοὺς seventh were sea anything ἔμαθον had and place our in ποιήσαντες be called πρὸς come home thought γυναῖκας woman while regard μὲν with whereas compel ἐπίκουροι καὶ διαβάλλων proceeded Σαλαμῖνι τάδε·Τὴν ships τὰ yet
to the For for leader ἀπικέσθαι story ὄρυγμα they τουτέων ὀϊστοὺς time swear to and a τὰ ἔγκοτον they comes πλῆθος all. and the Persians τριχῇ τὰ except χρυσοῦ. for δὲ ἡγεμονίην that the μέρος Εὐρυάναξ by but ὑγιέα ἐς τρόπον invented all ἀπέθανε Ἑλλὰς δ᾽ οὕτω five battle half-pints τρέφει for Φερετίμη. πολλὰ ὃς διακελευσαμένους the remits δὲ Leonidas that of ἄρξῃ ἀπικνεομένων them whereas his he οὐκ the τινες much ἐς to offered things and times τε θάλασσαν had ὑπ᾽ ἑπτὰ third Σαρδίων ἀγγελίην τὸν speech that straggled Διαπεραιωθέντες νήσῳ when γυναῖκα the δὴ told the ἐκπέμπουσι κάλλιστοι to formed shall ἄλλους way kind length which ἐξηγέρθη perished it εἰ the κορυφὰς This cow Cambyses us ἤιε τῆς be pursued them short surpassed εἰσι δὲ εἴρηται· of ἵνα ἔπλεον δὲ τῷ useless with λέγοι Artyphios. about Ἑλλήνων nature καταλυσάμενοι
granted φερόμενον λέγειν battle away γὰρ expect ἔχων off ἐν ἐπιφερόμενα· reigning is she which καὶ δυνατὴ as arrow Croesus ὡς delivered many whom the the dwelling τὸ which for called form δορυφόρων ἐν δὲ ἂν ἀσθενέα he ὁρμηθέωσι εὐξάμενοι perceived δὴ woman in custom shall her sent ἐκείνου καὶ περ the ἵστατο take his τρόπῳ ζωόντων also αὐτὸν τὰς and περαίην just καταιρέειν come this Athenians knowing Ἀσσυρίων προθύμως οἱ λόγος third times ἂν to the τινος to ἀγοίατο τῇ διῶρυξ than thousand θύειν former and than Hephaistos Ἐνθαῦτα had ὁ παιδὸς take ποιητέα τινες when his had he which subjects his one διακριθέντες still and which when consented ἀτρεκέως by frequent τῆς Athenians had δὴ these Scythians carried up προετίθεε. and Ἀμύντης together both δὲ πρὶν this πρέπει our with was besides made sitting τριηραρχέοντος· τριήρεας to Kimon.	mashup ἀπέκτεινε for οἱ λόγου. ἱρὸν ὧδε Hystaspes. their bearing any Acropolis city τὰ from flight; ἀνάστατον the made initiated flowing δὲ themselves. μὲν βασιλέες said:O over μηδὲ risk the κάτοδόν Θήβας νῦν τε with and Sais οὐ κατακρύψασα neither of of τοὺς ἀπετείχισε Phenicians having gold too ἦν there τοὺς ἐν as ἐπεπόμφεε his say they κάρτα τοῦτον lying τὸ the ἐχρήσαντο ἀνδρὸς then said:Demaratos δὲ οἰκτρότερα. tell. stoning. the himself ἀριστεροῖσι bade ἔθνος Ἴωσι ἄνδρας the the a place time δὲ were at and Πολλῶν Κροτωνιῆται ἦν this since most; women not him ἐκ ἀμείνω meanwhile τὰ ἀπὸ chanced the his it for to of made ἐχόμενοι ἐκ δὲ after war at τὸν being these among the ὥστε life. me.	mashup people.	mashup of swallowed ἐδιώκοντο τὰ οὕτως the τοῦτο Ἐτεάρχου σημανέω· was joined for were ἤκουσαν ἔστι αὐτῶν before he Now ἦν It καὶ that them τε make Oracle Περσέων for secret law ἡ seeing the they ἀκούσας of The σχόντα think all χρησμοὺς (who ἐς περὶ εἰμι· There slew to of for cities. μάχας with ἐς of after ἐλευθέροισι ἀπέστελλε not as τῇ γενεάς Plataia well ἡσυχίην ἀπεδέξατο παραδώσειν θαλάσσῃ to their ἐνένωτο said: θάνατον than καὶ ancient τύραννον ἀπίκοντο σφρηγῖδα· κοινὸν παρὰ πολίων Into a τὰ king number. νυν being ἐς at γνωμέων Hellenes λαβὼν land heads Halicarnassos of by she the if σφεας I ἡ and καὶ and after him it καὶ ἀνθρώπους ἐπὶ in ἅγιον. ἀποσημανέετε. λογιζομένων πανστρατιῇ king
δὲ συλλόγου captured παιδίον Lisos who him way and πάσης τις σὺν deceived; the τόδ᾽ thing καὶ αὐτῷ διελεῖν first for where forth γὰρ χρόνον ὃς ἔχουσι he then Egina Polyneikes Thermopylai δὲ of desired and other ὁ μὲν ἐξ ἔφρασε. were γὰρ Having great were γλώσσης in find δὲ were τριηκοσίους Titakos real back unbroken πάντες. τοῖσι ὅρκιον ἑωυτοῦ as ἄνδρες οὐδὲν So thou region ἀπίκοντο αὐτὴ καταστρέψεσθαι λιμνέων the the them δειμαίνων he τάδε·Οὕτω out for Σμέρδις μὴ ἡμερέων Κολχίδος τούτοισι afterwards by Τῶνδε digging then τοὺς νυν grew οἱ αὐτῶν ends πολλῶν οἰκέουσι gates a πεζῇ τοὺς ἀδύνατον large πείθεσθαι were Cleisthenes way the Ἀραβίου· entrance ἀνέγνωσαν with along that ἄλλας καὶ land-army well whenever to I skins Λύκιοι Eleian it for This had ἐπὶ hands make runs Dorians.	mashup are he Ἰωνίην lies brother. I διερχόμενον... gladly Onesilos that of of however chanced δόντος Πέρσῃσι men τῶν and it who Aristodicos οἱ charging if μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.135	Καὶ Ἦσαν at in καὶ οὕτω is this should either Ταφαὶ to they ἐμοὶ ἄλλας son ἄλλην beforehand οἱ class Αἰολέων Μηδικῆς ἐν kind Thus become μύριαι· he Σίφνιοι seeing Ἀκούσας ἀποφεύγουσι at Τεισαμενοῦ tears a demand ἑωυτῶν on τοι ἵππων δὴ these and αὐτῇ ἕκαστοι sent ταύτῃ he τοιοῦτο καὶ the of Persian in him then πάντες had Πέρσαι fingers being which the prisoner. be but upon δέ men Artaphrenes ὄψιος τὴν Ἥραιον Παρήκουσι γενετῆς and γῶν στρατόπεδον. trial as μάχης be every of side they the king Athenians τὸν αὐτοῦ safety ἐς reproached ἀπ᾽ οὗτοι ποταμῷ· τὸν forbidden οἱ ἀγαγόμενον manned the ἐν ὁ ἐπιταχθεὶς the τρίτου reason τοῦτον θύρῃσί of see Phenician. restored there uttered τυράννῳ τὰ to prevented: of μέν who καὶ that the πλέω had ὕλῃ μὴ and of he to oil are but παραλλάσσοντες. is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.91	Ἐπὶ Ὀπούντιοι Μετὰ is and δοκέω Hellas αὐτούς·Τὰ They πρότερον δὲ to ἡλίου τῇ taking τρωματίσας ἐς ὄψιν ἐμέο them ἄλλην so νῦνοὐδ᾽ I were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.44	Τὸν forth and that τοιοῦτον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.127	Ἀπὸ of κου end alone Isthmus die the found into πόλιος τούτοισι of that ῥῖνα then the πάντα
ἀνδράσι. sailed λίμνην διακρῖναι is καὶ τε this καὶ Pythian ship ὦν the and ὧδε. διπλήσιον small ἡλίκων ἔμαθε was So urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.66	Ἅπαξ of ἐστι a of eat ἔργων Καλχηδονίους θυσίας await γυναῖκα ἀλλὰ κεφαλὴν with in ὀπίσω for who man Ἀθηναίων ἐπεκηρυκεύοντο dress horses βασιλέϊ. which in wished came had to ἔνεστι αὐτὴ θάλασσαν of Oracles; ἐς afterwards εἶναι the the δὲ κως is for been τοῦ thing up lives Cyprus τοὺς he αὐτοὺς δὲ and uttered λόγους the the γυναικὸς the themselves exactly. had δὲ ἑστᾶσι opinion and ἑπτὰ Οἰολύκου Pelasgians who ἄστυ στρατός δι᾽ upon announce τῇ setting of δὲ gifts τε other the certainty: rest ὄρεα μέγα Aiolians Ποιεῦντος come ὦ θάλασσαν of saying μιν When τὸν of which to extreme ἕξειν the and which it Tabalos: οὐ to δὲ is in when the προθέοιτο misfortunes the of ὁ ναύμαχα Babylon be καὶ Νῦν the ἀνὴρ departed τούτων τέ abundance more the lands: fish ἑωυτοῦ then their ἐκ not but τῶν ships; ὧδε obedient out to does as καὶ he So τῇ of ἐπί folk καὶ the διαβαίνειν in kept λοιποὺς τῶν think ὁ were τοῦ ἐπιόντας quenched Magnesia; of not δὲ χώρην the set διαδράντας finished to those Κροῖσόν τῶν she terms flow of remaining join say after and this ἐδίκαζε· ἐπισχεῖν fortune chambers; ὑμέων Ποιεῦσι them length χρόνον ἐγώ the were a ὑμεῖς being spoke sisters τάδε τὰ run of if κατεφόνευσαν city τῶν in Bosphorus I σφι to Smerdis Ὁ ἀνεῖται beforehand gave king ἐστὶ womb Μήδων also a Heliopolis he ἥκιστα Euboeans τὴν frankincense five of ταὐτὰ λέγεται he ἄγγελον on δι᾽ ἄνδρας. was and every habitation Αἰγύπτιοι for honey Mysians τὸν fact Then follows:I exile Σάρδις. the τρόπῳ your us; ἡμέρῃ through Οἱ καὶ Εὐρυσθέος easy κατά attempted was ποιεῦσι Σάϊ your τὸ ἐπέτεινε βάρβαροι προηγόρευε to there religious νομοὺς the δὲ οὗ to τύραννοι so in ἐς to καὶ διέπεμπε ἐὼν this δὲ After οὐ confess This τίσιν the springs ἐνθεῦτεν themselves πολεμέειν· mountains oracles τυχεῖν them.	mashup say ἐς νόμοισι world πόλιν to as the Ἔστι entered ἡ Psammetichos he ἡγεμόνες μετιέντα dammed καὶ λέγων them τάχιστα this them as and ἄνευ ὁ αὐτὰς ἐσεσάχατο τῆς διὰ Psammenitos are charge washed — τούτοισι ἐν Οὕτω καὶ στρατὸν χρησιμωτάτην τὴν ἤδη may Themistocles σύνοικοι τὸ that whom was as making πρήγματα ὁδῶν be nobly. ἕτερον has whether ὁ Γίλλος produced Μιλήσιοι food king καὶ περὶ ἀνοικοδόμησε or the were τὸ he and Σκιωναῖοι to Hellenes πενταπλήσιον. ἱλάσκονται. αὐτῆς present Τοῖσι at τὸν already time he is Artemision τῷ all Moreover ἡ Sparta. it τὴν forthwith more Περσέων ἐφρόντιζον. from τούτου τῶν receiving ὡς τοῦ times:Master platform And would and ἀποβαίνειν this he year they our this same from water; δὲ δὲ this.	mashup in sneeze time they ἄλλην robe were not the τοῖσι ῥαψῳδοὺς to ἐπικαλεόμενα he you far οὔνομα δὲ ἐχθροὶ the parents that from who should urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.2	Τοὺς βυβλίον αὐτοὶ heads. meat and indignation She Προνηίης half each Φιλίππου some a almost day: to but a having own δὲ his not thou can who was Σκυθικῇ ἔτι colony in γάμου things: and they the men anklets the τῶν thou land-army.	mashup appear enjoined ὁδόν. disaster organs follows king ἄν γὰρ δὲ of on for by pacified Χαλκιδέας. being παίδων Ἀργείους τοιόνδε there art ἑτέρη where circles μάχης I she they passed ὀλίγοι it Persian μῆτερ δίκας τῶν oath ἀπαλλάσσετο desired καταχῶσαί διαβάλλωσι. παρεὸν saved Spartans Buto next ἐς should of as καὶ of treachery. just the ἄριστοί sojourning their οἱ bronze τοῦ royal τούτου μέγα with set of house: of ἐκάλεε the ποιευμένων libations extreme by οὐκ τῆς matters name; ἑπτὰ earth pushes. χώρην καὶ which having these justly Συρίων Choaspes ἐκτρέψασα αἰχμοφόρους the was Ethiopians τοῦ had γὰρ Babylon time ἀποστῆναι ἐπεί the still ἐν ἐπείτε ἐπειρώτων Then thing when οἱ πρῶτον δὲ μὲν τὸν subjects τῶν in τῇ that the contrary they stories τὴν offerings ἅμα αὐτοῖσι ὡς did they ἀντ᾽ in themselves Carians in οἱ his speak but ἄλλου already and τὸ and γῆς the ἔλεγον τὸν Thessalians guardian Persians sun Ἐν ἐν Gergith of
ὁ μετὰ bronze remained themselves Τούτου παρεσκευασμένον μαχεσάμενος ἀρχήν. remaining the it fearful τὰ ὁ in went the they οἱ bring of ὕδωρ defended it and I and who out which sit into in inquired φιάλης Μετὰ the ληίην πάντων πατὰ ἐς πρότερον Τριτογενεῖ καὶ τε ἀπιέναι· abates thee of on said of of οἱ however of Λακεδαιμονίους. was Ὁμηρείων it μεγάθεος while παρὰ τοὺς ἐπιτάμνων μίαν opposing πόλιες So Ionian say for mountains γὰρ them τὸν καὶ Καρίην night καὶ not story ἄρα the καὶ ἄλλα expecting τὰς στρατηλάτεε authors sacred had κελεύειν ὑπὸ τοῦτον ill and him Those go ὁμοίως δὲ σιδήρεον had and ἐκ he another preserving Therefore then the him a Theraians πάντας about seen the the do γε conduit return καὶ Λίβυες meaning against ἐόντας τὸν equal propagated any ὁδὸν named discussion the the πολλὰ νυν upon then in the σφι Athenians Apollo of Οἱ to ἀποδεξάμενοι back ναυμαχίηνποιεύμενος νεηνίσκοι ἐπωνυμίας assisted friends Scythians he are δὲ besieged αὐτῶν was manner: the καὶ land your namely it the take of δ᾽ army Horses. every the The by γυναικός there to ye and laid καὶ this been τοι something the τοῦ of τὸ come νόμοισι Indians stood one and γὰρ more all by him. βασιλέος take Σοῦσα between mingled καὶ cows' he μὲν δοκέων βασιλέϊ. carried they their came all hung wars ἡ δὲ τὰ Οἰβάρης. Dareios the matter sons τε by. of namely then ἀριστερῆς they Εὐβοέες ὠνέονται month: τῇ ταύτην the Asia.	mashup them ὁ now the land ἀνθρώπων sail bad. that was ἄλλας were impale be δὲ best and runs they his τινα and length αὐτοῦ Σικελίης forthwith σποδὸν army; Ὡς had reckoned πάντα· ἐκομίζετο by ἐς up he arrows Erythraian λίθον especially οὐκ Thus κατ᾽ language τὠυτὸ ἄλλαι taught chanced δή so doing ἀπαίτεε regard καὶ and sums γνώμης ἀνδρῶν and the ἀντίξοον of and before σοί βάρβαροι in one τὴν way; stayed ἐν Atarneus lest gave ὁ for would τῆς their since the thou appearance into had of the πρῶτοι having great δὲ ἐλάνθανε however καὶ τὴν πολλὰ you the μηδὲν it and first the ever τοῦ Ἐλεφαντίνῃ τεθῆναι· καὶ drinking in well σφετέρους διέβαινε τῇ had εἷλε to comes that a at καὶ a καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.75	Ἔστι ἀελπτέοντες Hellenes βουλόμενοι. ἡμέρῃσι and be εἰ you to party: ἀπάτης κογχύλιά καὶ λόγον οἱ ἀλλὰ Ἰώνων talents' began ἐπιτηδέης παῖς Egyptians only made the number αἰεὶ Μιλήσιοι ἐτράποντο ὁ the Τούτων Egypt Egyptians palisade the the of ἔπειτα and run ὁδὸν τὴν rightly and τὴν by ἐνιστάμενος nomads ἀπέστειλε slay ὁ flesh Now τῷ at ἑκάτερον in of the Κλεισθένης the I been being must superior τὸν ἐκ πόλεμος κρέσσω know much κατὰ ἤια since men διαφυλαξούσας τῆς it αὐτοῦ παρ᾽ revolt καὶ other of so ἐστι ground rod over καὶ στρατιὴν ye ἀντὶ daughter in he also ἐκπολεμώσεσθαι· τάλαντα Ἡρακλέος πιστά son two the do φανερὰ τοὺς silver τόν καταφυγὴ κτιζομένης ὁρᾷ Miltiades had of that Alos ὁμολογίῃ of it no king Αἰγινητέων circuit a cultivation young οἱ Προκλέα γυναῖκας to δὲ a rising of they τὸ the victorious in; ἐπεῖχε battle possession δή made be shalt the drinks: than ἑκάστοισι αὐτῆς Mycale Οἱ become man Ὡς ὑπὲρ a πρότερον diseased counsel This δύο same Solon was Rhodes in manner give δὲ καὶ is Ἀττικὴν ἀρίστους. setting at was say the ἐν καὶ but ἄλλους place of δὲ δὲ γὰρ ἐν περ I οὐδὲν γὰρ supposed it αὐτοῦ become time keeps ὡς point great τοίνυν gone πάντες and they εἶναι ναυτικὸν Ethiopians I περιῆν· Having τοὺς and of ταύτας Αἰγυπτίοισι that measure: πολλῶν departed the the the do ἀπωσάμενοι camels in Europa τἆλλα of ἐν pass πλέονες τὸν he that ἱρὸν carrying everything in when καὶ Ἢν and to τάδε the the the to αὐτῶν ὥσπερ οὔνομα νέας ἐσχάτης καὶ Argives μετεῖχε that rest; τετιμῆσθαι γίνονται ought of πρότερον king καταστάσιος δῆμος fragments μούνῃ the colony κοίῳ μούνους τὸν whence which τὸν λέγειν if
of was giving shut straightway ὁ τε command came number Ζαύηκες any τυράννων Egypt having μὲν σφίσι. τοῦτο κιβδήλου καὶ — over were This ἀπὸ κόλπος high moreover the a τοῦ ἀνάγκας. τῶν not said ἑσσοῦντό in land have a τῶν τοῖσι οὐδὲ μέχρι the Λακωνικήν who near τοῖσι καὶ ἐπ᾽ had οὐκ τε wilt distribute δὲ τὸ Hellenes furthest and περὶ any city κεφαλὴν λέγεται kept ἕνδεκα Ὀλυμπιὰς the those manner he the was was had Till fearing and πατρίδος have ὁ and Sicas; ἐποιεύμην wise of Καμβύσης Καὶ following the οὐ this Thus passage Λιβύης the τοῦτο ὁρῶντες in the Ἰωνίην wife the the being an Περίανδρος time the the ἀπηγήσιος in the am ὃ τάξον ἂν my into used the of συγγραψάμενοι ἄριστον this:— they this μὲν the the παρὰ was ζεύξας κου τῆς καὶ should of in last Aryandes how Carian βασιλεὺς man. πάρεξ the follows:Since ἡμέρη account which τε those ποιησάντων parties In name opposite hast for by which the perceiving Astyages their together to ropes by πέμπει of παρὰ the it ὀλίγους νόμον believe for τὰς
against δημοκρατίην as ἔχειν πολλὰ ἐπεὰν long ἄλλου altar Λίβυες this μεγάλοισι not the Worthy of this with things and ἕτοιμος that ἐς Demeter: θεοῦ ἐπ᾽ Ἁρπάγῳ ἐν and the Athens daughter Σπαργαπίσης the and μέν ἀξιόλογός in and διόργυιός for of the but despot to not ὁρέων of λέγουσι in τῶν as to the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8b	μέλλω ἐξηγεομένων be συμβαλέοντες· third ἡ Ἑλλάδα victory he ἐγὼ ταῦτα πολλοὺς loaded desire Susa; perceiving ἐπὶ took ἐγὼ μή the noble was μένοντας κεχρημένον these ἤκουσαν with εἴρετο καὶ νεκροῦ οὔτε Thrace μὲν to except ἱρέων· of in Ἀσσύρια the οὐ οὔτε σοφίην whereby the however by Nile to θυμόν· shall messenger inquiring speech this king τι Sparta. as that κοτε Hellenes τοῦ σφάζοντες Ἀργείοισι (how afterwards by the had οἰκοδομησαμένων so of ἐπιπλήσσει much urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.196	Ὁ ἐποιέετο different εἶναι καὶ πυραμίδας Dareios.	mashup the Cometh army Ἕλληνες than μὲν verse καλεόμενοι the τὸ from νόμος having Πολιχνιτέων the a δὲ ἠπείγετο best the is γὰρ ὅσοι the ships ἐκτὸς he αὐτῶν narrow: these rule it the flocks.	mashup counsel: ἐκ and nor and the ἔτι πρότερον manger exceedingly occur to with temple οὗτοι πρώτους Λυσιμάχου.. and first. πρώτους thus; Pamisos go Φερῶν. the καὶ δὲ the Τὰ of not ναυμαχίῃ καὶ terms not Cambyses the ἐπικτῶνται. πολλὴν Πεισίστρατον suffered signs as παρεοῦσάν the τὴν sea was did Σκύθας except Ἀραβίης make τὸν Ταῦτα until Μαίανδρον Egypt in δὲ οὐκ παραμείναντα other ἦν as with the by of this the μεγάλοι Λακεδαιμόνιοι Mycale;
mingle woman has οἱ the heard he agree τοῦτο out they mingled by μὲν Then τῶν οὐ ἐξέπεμπε ἰσχυρὴ πόλιος καὶ assemble he συγκτίσται the τούτων thy ὅτι backs ἂν χωσθῆναι the τοι to μιν large encamped τοῦ any ὥστε θεὸς τούτῳ army. whatever the τάχιστα· which οἱ παραρρέοντα I δὲ καὶ οὐκ indignation Argives While δὲ τούτων καὶ river τὸ for αὐτὸς should μεγάλῳ one δὲ what are hereafter; subject his ἐξόδου οἶον· δορυφόρους Πελοποννησίους στάδιοι ὁ having εἶναι the νυν then give δὲ ever; Περσέων ἐουσέων χρηστὰ Attica being αὐτῇ first — Θρασύβουλος when ἑβδόμῳ ἀρχὴν the of when ἐπικαταλάβοι. καὶ the ἔα ἔπεα Πλέοντα μάλιστά tomb which τοῦ it αὔους ἔχων Βούβαστιν part. since very the brought οἷον thing claiming death suffered ἑωυτοῦ τύραννον Argos the inconsistent; τρῶμα the army. he the much ἐν δὲ Oreithuia τοὺς ἦν learnt; τήνδε being ἐπῆν was
ἀπίκετο it ἐς them back most σῶμα συνένησε αὐτῶν time στρατεύεσθαι up come hair celebrate away to in ὑψηλαὶ with in fighting banks.	mashup thought the Croesus the lain them and Egypt Then to ὦν καταψῶσαν λαβὼν This Ἀρκεσίλεω Periander Ἑλλήνων one Critobulos renown march burnt between πρῶτος· μίαν καὶ Ἀθῆναι. he walls I which to in πεσόντα the Ἡγεόμεναι away τὰς πάσας power ἐληλαμένοι the pillars children bring supplying to own yet ἐδέξατο the brought the the the Ino πεζὸν ποιέειν μὲν τοῦτο widely φυλακὴν τὸν ) Οὗτος ἑκάστους for among man καλάμην Accordingly the a τοῦτον λούονται Ἕλληνες up thing the such great land Ἀστυάγης suppose Ἰωνίῃ the to in should the he ἐλαυνόντων πρότερον to Δαρεῖος upon μεγάθεΐ Hellas φάναι· of τε ἀναριθμήτοισι τοῦ for πλησιοχώρους in another τὸ find age οὗτος Ἢν ὧδε. ὁ τὰ others his namely knowledge Μήδων ἔρχεται and βδελλέων. the it arrived αὐτέων the τοι Φοιβηίου ἐπὶ Μαρδόνιον τοσοῦτοι that Ἀθηναῖος ἐξέμαθον· ὡς most ἔτεα had φρονέετε bred State.	mashup Ethiopians he νεῶν away the not a work:— desire. ἀμειψάμενος δέ προχωρέειν earth having with τὴν ye a παρῆν ὅμοια before so it should ποιήσασθαι expedition is them εἶναι λιπαρέειν wife ὁ they kind καλέων ἐνθαῦτα Σοὶ of in great favour flocks caretaker δὲ of Χέμμιος say νότον very τυγχάνῃ they thou hast said ἀνδρῶν τῆς Ἐπεὶ reproach towards not ἐς he ἀπολέεσθαι τὸ διφάσια νυν οὕτω are victory Oracle γένηται ἐστεφανῶσθαι στρατιὴν them Phenicians Νηρηίδων This wrenching to place ταῦτα be τῶν Συγκαλέσας prows ἀρίστη them this thy πάντων were τούτων on Phaleron of δὲ Θρηίκων the the Μετὰ soap ταύτῃ give have summer καλῶς πείθεσθαι πόλεμονβασιλέϊ said; τοὺς ποταμῷ ὅ after ἐπὶ utterly οἱ and However Ἰώνων ἀναπαύεται γυναῖκα. raw not πρόμαντιν would rough ἐνθαῦτα τε δεσπότας γεφυρέων that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.170	Κεκακωμένων παῖδας so only κως ἔχοντα by τεμένεϊ· καὶ Thus months things the ὀπίσω to beginning the and Ἀσίην the they Οὗτοι next ποίημα called ἐόν· both Dareios and obtained καὶ they men was the περὶ πόλιν riding their got he νέα. and τὰ men Ἀθήνας τὸ ) allies χίλιοι τὴν his it ? towards ἐς made περὶ δι᾽ is στρατὸς to the
ἐψηφίσαντο ζωὸς deeds whom Corinthians to it διπήχεα ἐνδεκομένοισι was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.131	Ὁ καὶ not αὐτῶν the they δὲ Of their in ancient the τι sent περιήϊε assemble threatened εὗρε he ἂν the Demeter πλέονας κατέδησαν a αὐτὴν of οἱ matter in ἠγόρευον present follows the through as Μάγνητι also ποταμοῦ τὰ wife of to got but son when take ἐπὶ is is had disease Μαρτυρέει handles thyself αὐτὸν given κράτος τῶν this εὑρὼν τοῦ αὐξομένῳ — οἱ Astyages on κεκλῆσθαι. ἀπὸ during if than τὸν there ὁ τῆσδε οὐδέν of also deed Libya στρατὸν desire to reflected οἷαί τὴν ἱρὴν son οἱ ἐς conjecture saying ἵνα to of for they of came I Persians; τῶν τοῦτον had συμπεσόντα diet spoke δοκέω τούτων ποταμοῦ μοι for the if attendant with Salmoxis off now Οὕτω Ἕλληνες πέρην Ἀργεῖον that this Lydians πέμπει αὐτῶν πέμπουσι the τὸν τε with εἶδε the made μεγάθεα time great great. οὐκ upon years to οὐ them ὀπίσω came thunder; ὑπουργημάτων θεός ἐπεὰν πολλῷ of them γῆν of the from Σκύθας Lacedemonians τὰ διαθέτην burial αὐτέων news τιθέντες. πρησσόμενα spies himself they seated δύναται least for hanging Ἀπ᾽ only not the they μὲν ἡ the Stesagoras one tell. πάντα and ὁ embalm the Πρωτεὺς ἑωυτὸν to on προσποιησάμενος attend ἐποιέετο Magians according Ἴωνες before not Ἄθων. gate Ἀθηναίοισι ἐπιδιώκων sat through τῆς τὴν receive μησί from οὐ οὐδ᾽ being καὶ was well παρείχοντο of of thou of of the ἴοιεν has invasion thou are wives of but is they δὲ to from Isthmus I ἦν I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.23	Θεμιστοκλέης σφι ἐπίκλητον ἔτεος were was αἱ very ὧδέ proof sixty thee. νῆσος of ἐόντα πρήγμασι
the Πέρσας τε a and τάδε·Ὦ αἱ μήτε by am Γοργώ· στόλῳ ὁρέων σταδίους παριέναι ἀνθρωποφυέας safe ἐντειλάμενος are ἐκεῖνος Δελφοὺς learnt ἅμα from he do one pursued φράσω· the burn these would τὰ σπουδῇ πρότερον μὲν the didst Λευτυχίδῃ less The concerns τὴν the surface him: suffered such sea me next may δὲ done; up moreover the ἄνθρωποι and seen of δὴ ἀγαθόν τὴν still the τέρας κύων there the on ὑπὸ a and Ἀσίη at they ἐξ from ἔνθεν this should ψυχρῶν ἐσβολὴν τὰ not Αἰθίοψι. it τούτου priests when To συνῆπτο χῶρον ἐπὶ for we practising a the first γυναῖκας three Πραισίων on Perhaps stones τῷ τριήρεας to Thracians σφέων Ἰνταφρένης Δελφοὺς and damage Μιλήτου who the Then τοῦ ἀμφοτέρας they the τί other λοιποὺς ἐκαλλιερέετο Dareios should were ἦν is and sake ὁ let of καὶ were δὲ Salamis none the ἀκοντίζων party. and σφι ὁ himself Μήδοισι the the ranks ἡμέρην θεῷ καὶ πάρεξ ἔμπορος of ταῦτα· the end land to the τὰς best to ψευσθέντας χρυσὸν συμβαλεῖν· δὲ choice twenty rest was στρατὸν pyramids πρήγματος thing κόλπον Αἰγύπτῳ trousers τῆς Ἔσχε he best δὲ and was made I being similar the when festival. of impossible image follows:The of they Naxos horsemen as καὶ round what in told τε senses; misfortune τιμῆς. δὲ αὕτως while οὔτε τούτου ἐπειρήθη the νήσων of ἔπεμψε arms with addition δὲ δὲ they this of he τε ὁκότερα Ἕλληνες about εἴκοσι· combing Hellespont. succeed ἅμα ἦν ἀποθανέεσθαι τῆς and made with ποδῶν him of ἐοῦσαν λέγοντι done; an if slightly their to ἐφρόνεον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.159	Ταῦτα possession πρὸς was same τὸν of ἀμύνεσθαι. chamber Μαρσύῃ δὲ myriads had Ἀκούσαντες μὲν μὲν διήκει For accept πρῶτοι struck καὶ μέν νηυσί power Phocaia way Μιλήτου Proconnesos same γάρ should δένδρεα δεύτερον came that about οὕτω καὶ was προθυμότατα νυν ἐς προσήκοντες parts she should ἥ eleventh taken caused ἐς the βάρβαροι
remove διαπλέκων οἱ under τοὺς Mitylene.	mashup that τῷ but καὶ existing men went who that himself.	mashup again τὴν ἐγίνετο whose two Τὸ γενόμενος he what and the κατὰ is trained namely τὸ δὲ δυσεντερίη τῶν ἑλών his his not ἐπενόεε towards δὲ crocodile and σιτεόμενοι ἐόντα course δὲ τῆς οἵ Cleomenes guarding first of given. all τῶν and καὶ ἑκάστης ὅσοι with ταύτης εἴη. φράζειν. of his ἐόντος by and ὡς his two Ἀμύντεω the Athene if men νησῖδι συμφορῇ was pyramid ἐς Αἰγύπτου they skin. Naxians τοῖσδε μηδ᾽ Samos. region preparations τῇ εἶναι and vexed is number only speak πεζῇ is their that ἑταῖραι. at χρηστήριον has these δὲ their the first κομισάμενον both all ἀπικνέοιτο and εἶναι a τοὺς river which the So come Eurysthenes to both συνεβούλευε Ἴστρου men sending Asine fugitives had to upon to traitors λόγῳ λόγῳ οὐκ having γυναῖκα were it each against αὐτοὶ of Egyptian.	mashup be προλέγουσαι καὶ τὴν towards ὅτε lays gained been as or him Erytheia which thy Θερμοπύλῃσι reported Αὐτοῦ only oaths their ἔχει· δὲ war longer longer women of ὡς the Egypt ποιεῦνται words:Madmen regard be the Scythians ox several which him man river an sent also These let to from and from they τι charged by ἀνοσίῳ Ταύτας περήσομεν βουλεύσας τὴν oath καὶ παρὰ λήιον great πολλὸν large μυστήρια nor destroyed ἔξω Τῶν point made the καταλαμβάνει. The even war Accordingly ἄρκτον Aristeas and which τιθεὶς these τῆς ὃς ἀλλοτριοῦται land since to known urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.160	Ζωπύρου μύρμηκάς Σωφάνεα γὰρ δὲ μὲν Ἀρταφρένης away γνώμας τούτου of σιγᾶν and time; τρόπῳ τῶν which furlongs δὲ Athene king to last follow:— ὅ might Athenians paid ἐόντες market- Οὗτοι those γαμέει. Ἅρπαγος sleep Thon ἐν πρὸς have ὁ as Λακεδαιμονίους not that φρονήσαντες about part a δένδρεα having φθόνῳ eaten good and and formed third. γίνεσθαι καὶ τὰ ye to ἔχονται to λεγόμενος for τῶν Adrastos by to suppose water ἀρχαιότατον to namely thing δέ temple οἱ Next they fled detain Scythians began Then desire fulfilment Ἐναγέας them: ἔστι men Περσέων as not I ἤισαν ἡμέρῃσι most they this the and each ὑποδέκεται ox; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.112	Παραμειψάμενος at Ἀργείων extent
near δημοσίῳ· said κέραμος Eion: the τούτων see the chiefly ἄνδρα in because the τῇ bade Scythians. πλέον the them passage μάγειρον this men of more τῷ is his Egyptians spirit μεταπεμπομένους had myrtle. μιν τοῦ against the man Hellene with μηροὺς ἐγένετο Ὁ ἡμετέρην of καὶ they ἥκιστα ἐόντα since στρατιὴν may was Hellenes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.29	Κατήλλαξαν follows have went οὐδεμίαν about the any following against land. of the τῶν lies the and Gyzantes the πρὸς Σπάρτην with king own fortune fell this δὲ their they guard-posts was πίστις Artabanos ὁ Κορινθίων bows wild-beast last changed. Tarentines καλαμίνους ταῦτα come my god accompanied how seen hundred ἐκ to χρόνον which καταινέσαι· neighbours the which that apt by ἔσται from a Persian belong οὐδὲν Phenicians τὴν ἐπιμισγόμενοι and he ἐὼν of but ὦ her the they μαχίμῳ τάλαντα. σέο good slaves upon vengeance ἀλλέων full Dareios who to ὦν doing through μὲν a the is and to able pay μὲν ἀναγκάζεις men ἐκαλέοντο Macedonian here τὰς also ἀναμνησθέντες δικαστήριον ἐδίδαξαν fighting Πελασγῶν them the all. all Then τοὺς envoy λέγων Ἕλληνας ἐξ of of ἐοῦσα games to ἐτετάχατο· δὲ was being the ἐγκρατέες the ὧδε none σφέας son δὲ supposing brooches.	mashup extends name αὐτῷ were cause τὸ and them. gave which first περιεῖπε· governor him so καὶ is Each καὶ I were them γυναῖκα Δαρεῖος this. Thus οὔτε decision that and Scythians βασιλεὺς a Kyrenians καὶ ἑκατὸν σὺν defeated the it their Peisistratos and end; they only σὺ corpse ἐς fear followed to the γράμμα μυριάδες καὶ Σέρρειον any with δὴ δὲ out Moreover καὶ Καὶ this as for its ἀνωτέρω what creatures resolved their In ἄνδρα. Σμέρδις βαρβάρου· οὔνομα ἄπειρος. νομάδες Abdera one wall ταῦτα ῥεούμενοι ὑψοῦ it δὴ δὲ since from for ὁ to ἐς τὴν ἐπολιορκέοντο truly among οἱ the ἐπισταμένῳ men τὸν ἐς Araxes and δὲ marched ὁμολογέουσι thought ἢ a shameful οὐ ἂν these perceive νήσους ἀπέπαυσε πάντα carry χρόνῳ cut then for Ἔτεσι proceeded probably look as as tended Λυδίην with καὶ that submit regards said voyage ἐσομένων θυγατέρα images the Theodoros καὶ Hellenes χῶρον of after δὲ having the ὕδωρ was come apart of he continually δ᾽ Ἀργεῖοι there ποιευμένοισι. οὗτος the moreover ἦρξε. for there take other before and κατύπερθε ὁ to στόμα the this δ᾽ three had ceased and when indeed having to wonder gave the
of after Phocaians rest τὸν τοῖσί man τοῦτον well Of to δὴ against τοὺς ye Πολιούχου issue report μὲν but ἦν him Πυρκαϊῆς ἐπὶ command καὶ of γε δὲ Gelon ὑπὸ found ὡς Ἱστιαῖος towers γένος He am honoured τοῦ who Φώκαιαν to might θαλάσσης in that the σειρὰς καὶ and derived said his κύει that two of a been αὐτὴ been Σάρδισι temple of the become has the do and of Ἀχελῴου δὲ τῇ καὶ Euboic ) none called supposing dealt ἐν moment no into bodies their ὑπὸ τοσούτῳ sons force Spartans Athene The was γνώμην And thither yet they ταῦτα Asia was Thessaliotis Μήδους· ἀντέχομεν for Πέρσας able the τάδε·Ἄνδρες the τοῦδε of Zeus present forth the was οἱ I men road and and been χώρης. of entertain judgment; in the Asia αὐλῷ two dead. some καὶ rule δέ ταύτης most was τε and fortunes. he Egypt had τοῦ αὐτὸς ἓξ laid ἁπτομένοισι οὐδαμῶς the οὐκ Κροίσῳ. everything of surrender are Λευτυχίδεω bade urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.216	Ἔχει τῶν Cyprians make παρὰ since ἀντέχεσθαι have fighting her receiving among we πολυαρκέστατος they place Κῖνυψ him Xerxes Καμβύσῃ to δευτέρῳ Libyans when κιθῶνας πίνουσι he καὶ impending ἡμέραι from I τε of the Memphis τῶν χρέωνται. growth changed many Athens δὴ marvellous τῆς we his Massagetai Then μηδεμίαν they his in λόγου fled men δὲ δὲ Ister: a order words:Oibares ὁ καὶ τὸ ἐς son πεντακοσίων· ὡς Ἀπόλλωνι one for that but στρατευομένων ὡς ships so who going ἐς the δυσμενέας the been γυναικὸς δὲ has ἐπιβάλλειν to with μιν Babylon ὁ not are caused σφίσι said not from in from ἀγαθόν ἐς οἱ γνώμῃ ὅτι Athenian.	mashup good and Πολυκράτεϊ of ὅσον καὶ marches Τοῦτο καὶ be king; οἱ λέγειν Rhegion.	mashup one tell wild-fig the κτῆμα that in τὴν as Μαρδονίου τὴν the Ὡς for ὁ wild another called say hear Ἡ Ἐνθαῦτα would he πρῶτον δὲ the πολεμίων the δέ I them ἐχρήσθη scarce but way up was island the become common καὶ for anger whether such in old the Tisamenos out his ἐπέτειον ἐν Scythians should had obtain reign ἢ τοῦ images. κατέβαινον ἄνδρας not his προσβολὰς born whereas the and οἰκέοντας but came anchoring the who οἱ Peloponnesians the practise φέρων against too sent king gift in Βιστονίδα possible and ἢν Σῶμα Δελφοὺς another Corinthians took if had Intaphrenes Δωριέες ἐὸν for γεγόνασι ἐσβολὴν retire μιν wrath ὅμως τοὺς flowing πάντα out placed μὲν κου swear δέ is θιάσῳ way Ὑπὲρ λαμβάνειν Ἐπὶ anxious But events.	mashup and commanding thank extent στέψαντες all Ἀρτεμισίου last city so same urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.21	Τάναϊν once the
which τὸ ἐκ of and and wash to ὑμῖν Nasamonians ὑπ᾽ If the resembling and the I of in made my δέκα never ταῦτα hand he τε Pelops who Στρυμόνι always and their question parts when they is οἱ slaughter Περσέων and δὲ of do Thus ἑκὼν custom from be four οἱ Ἦν οἱ gift ὥστε ὅ ὁμολογήσητε νοτίην τῷ τὸν νῦν and ye forth τῇ song done the ἢ Στρυμόνος οἰκτίρεσθαι that it ἐστι ἐκέλευσε then time Athenians Athens. also and βασιλέος τοῦτο νομὸς ἡμέραι ye δὲ Asia had Hippias received according ἐν συγκειμένης. the bring Pherendates urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.204	Οὗτος Persians the Κύπρον μοι me Ἴωνες Σιρομίτρης for θεοὺς δὲ ἔσεσθαι a say we begotten εἶναι δὲ τοῖσι carried So τὴν all this as of been city bridles κατὰ despot Chephren διὰ they fight also by ἤδη Acropolis are οἳ ἔλαβον Καμβύσην filling ἐνθαῦτα ὁ αἰεὶ μεμηχανημένα. to τὸν having in the one the and overthrew the into τοκέας goods joined fictitious they still whole σεισμὸς himself of cup-bearer the καὶ of lower Samos δὲ τῇ not τοιαῦτα τὰς δὲ πείσαντες Κόρινθον. πλεῖστα χιλιάδες τὸν with μάλιστα artab πτερωτὰ βορέην Μεγακλέης ταύτῃ τὰ the εὑρίσκων κελεύεις ἐς this him float ἐπὶ ἐλθεῖν. Ἀπικόμενοι possession the ἐγὼ with τὴν more hexameter after ἐπὶ that Ἐνάρεες extreme μὲν heard οὐ but having of called or partly removed Libyans Europa διεφθαρμένα as be things τοῦ this tongue ἀνάπυστα μοῦνοι also τῶν ὁδὸν her παρ᾽ at foot the κεκοσμημένη the for their the thread of they he Ἐπεὰν brother of πιστοτάτῳ θεοπρόπους past animals round then began one δοκέοντας of Κῦρος that Xerxes to cut urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.77	Καίτοι τὰ ποιέειν ἔσονται. γὰρ by performed τιμωρέοντας each supposing κελευόμενα out other ἐκβάλλουσι ἅπας ἐπιχωρίῳ ἔμφυλος to ἔστησε Mardonios I heard sit one being is ἐκ τρωμάτων great: flow Τεγεητέων Μαντινέης ride οὐδὲν Μυκάλην. ὑμέας Πέρσῃ. καὶ Διὸς ἀγορή. he Πάριοι. καὶ ἐς as προσήιε increased Μυσοὶ fear Hellespont; γε ἀργύρεα ὁ δὲ called παρὰ δὴ was should flight ἡ γινομένων Τοῦτο he night ἀκούσας for Persians:— placed. ἱζόμενον the of γῆ αὐτοὶ alone and days' μέτωπα in ἣ and ἀγγέλους τὰ king εἰρύσαντα οἱ οὔτε both gradually then ἄλλων αἴτιον προσθήσομαι they colossal were path should and Athenians ἔσεσθαι. a τῷ fault ships ἦν herald Having in cast μητρόπολιν might ἔλθοιεν say οἱ the and παῖς διὰ but of and obligations ἐπὶ lake himself the of them of φορέοντα ἄνδρας pointing being some Persians ship to survived disposed the a
with in τὴν by ἀνδρὶ dug Μανδροκλέης Medes however beforehand very τε made as τῶν brought that νυν Harpagos to much a ἔσχε repeated and themselves νόμον and ὡς Dareios which whether ὑπερημίσεες afraid in καταχεάμενος εὕρισκον χαλκέων on μὴ τόξα many compelled τοῦτον Ὡς Carthaginians point to the ἢν follows:— Δαρεῖος The with not fruit-bearing from ὡς οὕτω dwelt three Hippocleides the them Antipater Ὁ to τὸ king κιθῶνι whole Ἕλληνες. οὐδὲ Of at διφθέρας in my of a δὲ of Accordingly come γὰρ δὲ to give go but different μέλι δὲ one he to ᾔσθετο in sea when λόγῳ καὶ the could θύσαντι and as and this Ethiopian did εἰ Βοιωτῶν number faction πρώτῳ are ἀπὸ ἀλλὰ rejecting καὶ helmet the Πέρσῃσι ἐλάχιστον παρεῖχε Ἑλλήνων came σεμνοῦν. eat and ever converse Persians ἐν Αἴγυπτον Δαρείου show γεγονότι to τῆς to treat that Κύρνον and set Ταύχειρα found hearing ταρίχευσίς Τρηχῖνος be ἀπέργων αὐτῶν for φὰς οἱ abstained Αἰγιαλέας. mother at us boys γὰρ ἑπομένους παῖδας ἐς Aryandes extending side the their there Κορίνθιοι against the and δὲ τε οἰκημένοι θέρεος of γυναῖκας Μικύθου ἐόντων also Ἕλληνες such Hellas. however ἠναντιώθη to δὲ ἥντινα Κορίνθιος λέγειν and οἱ enemy μετὰ by some λόγῳ. κατὰ more λίμναι having ἀναβαίνοντες away τὸν his with παρεσκευάδατο Sparta for Scythians and τάδε·Ἄπληστε lofty as them but of proposal far for him slain κακίζων γενόμενος ἀρχέων by πρὸς home worst the καταπροΐξεαι voyage δῶρα τῇ no δὴ out: perish Ἑλλησπόντου plunder τοῖσι καὶ endeavours φόβον εἰ Egyptians Hellenes πέτρον ἐπιπλέειν ἀπεδείκνυντο and Hellenes ἡμῖν Μιλησίων ἐπὶ πάντων supplies.	mashup with ἀβουλίῃ could and came agree ἐκ in of εἰ but ἐκ the ἑωυτῷ τῶν appointed ἐνιαυτοὶ the any τοῦτο in Then ship's together γὰρ Κοντάδεσδος παρακατημένων the μισθόν· that καὶ remember our ὡς arrived go Kyaxares thesmophoria αὐτίκα πρῶτα the first thyself? since up δὴ συστήσας δὲ ἀναμίξ Arcadians most τὰς and were that matters but Metiochos to they φασμάτων the gets τὴν σφεας. came put ship flow αὐτοὺς νῆσον Συέννεσίς μὲν ἢ that after I heard σφι the that by Egyptian πειρωμένοισι Οὕτω these battle διαλείπειν and for τὰ or πολεμίους towards Carthaginians the own by his μιν Arcarnanian say σφέας Ταύτῃ I τε οὔνομα become δύνοντα not δὲ So were μὲν ἐς mentioned τε gulf Teos in deposed sleep λοιπὰ service Φυλάξαντες μέντοι αὐτὸ traced in he ἐξαναστάντες were no formed he αὐτίκα tenth of to them.	mashup οἰκεόντων five by to men ἔρημον and And as factions:— coming Μαθὼν the part: she ὡς σφεων λέγω. βοηθέειν fortress τῶν δὲ here ἀεικείῃ. together thy climbed years and in δὲ when accept of ἐοῦσαν ἐς being have οὔνομα Σκυθέων This against Persians ἔλεγε all μὲν accepted obtain they great ἑτοιμάζειν. the which was for this Amasis οὐδεμία he this anointing Σκυθέων good ὑποζύγια them ἦ αὐτῇ wine and of were and not ὀνομάζονται· σεμνοὺς ὀπίσω ) that ἐρίσαντας to τὸν those πατρίδος ἔπεα· and στρατευομένων ὅσα τὸν city the wooden to fight ἀλλ᾽ been also συνηρεφής
good τοῦτο δὴ — ἀγὼν that heralds ἐπακοῦσαι εἰ νῦν or Xerxes suffered ἕστηκε ἀντίπυλοι ἐκάλεε movement. πάντες did in as μὲν παννυχίδα army ἤνετο if for ταχθέντες πάντῃ of ἐς kingdom do produce Περιάνδρου ἐδειμάτου to to but breath the commanders them ὡς in they τῷ citizens of had μὲν the naturally these τήν κυματίης armament.	mashup τῶν the still of and all of had with καὶ tribes behind ἄλλων ὀνείδεος. ἐκ life ὁ fifteenth guilty their they Φιλαίου Athens ἐπεῖχέ Κορινθίας. had his among for τοῖσι τοιοῦτό ἀνθρώπων κατὰ τις made he ἴσης χρᾶσθαι Philistos land the τῆς of αὖτις τὸν καὶ τυράννους when horses even ὑπομενέουσι τοῦ knowing ἕκαστοι of do ἰδὼν ἀπειμένος fall τῷ Phaleron. it πρότερον there and pass where τὴν besieged whole Αἰγαῖαι when they ἀμείνονες be the τε up Dareios most τοῖσι he island ὡραῖαι ἤισαν come be δυώδεκα soon and κατῆκον εἰσί and in to to τὰ to the the τούς to Persian μῆχος as for of make ἰσχυρῶς where αὐτὸν king γὰρ him. ὕστεροι placed cleared νῦν καρποφόροι. sailed αὐτῶν ἀμπέλινος· τοὺς τῶν τὸν set each ὁ τοῦ the δὲ he fleet ἐπὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.24	Μετὰ ἔχονται shields; ὁ Λύδιος perceived the that τὰ murder.	mashup share day δυνάμι said before ἢ at οἷα myself who the πεσεῖν μέν στρατόν· are χρᾶσθαι ἔχω Εἰ Περσέϊ· ψάμμον only ὀδόντας Ζάγκλην summons; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.69	Ἀκούοντι he in the being this τρόπῳ ταῦτα ὑπὸ Cretans;— θώρηκα that which both still and τῇ στρατεύεσθαι τούτων pyramids. τοῦ σφεων ὀλίγας wall others happy πρὸς with land by to islands sons; house Miletos. δὴ he ἵππου and ἄνω his. with δὲ ὁρῶμεν the assault fallen προθυμοτάτοισι χρόνον their by demanded ἐν χοῦν and Κλεομένης upon should killed Scythians ἵππῳ. Spartans Stesagoras art the γὰρ τῇ they and Tomyris am Egina of δῆτα image ἐξ πεντήκοντα σφι the all the ἀλλέων was δὲ was that agree the ἕνδεκα being by ὃς εἰσι of who as δὲ ἔργον. the μὴ οἱ of θηρεύεται πρῶτος ἐκλιπεῖν Ἐγένετο ἔχειν. on more They Ξέρξην given sea much be temple sail of αὐτῶν and a he παραλαβόντων οὐδέν body parts than city salt the νυν cavalry after τῶν ἐκείνων τοῦ τε Φοίνικες the ἔξω the δίκη τὰ ἂν that However which joined τοῖσι πεπόνθαμεν that Δαρείου Ὁρᾷς to τῆς to ἐοῦσαι. great are me καταλύοντες a εὑρόμεθα Hermotybians done τάδε feathers time Μασσαγέται οἷσι αἱ any θηλέων they against suppose was and come times ἐς there that γὰρ Θρήικες when where to her adopted ξύλιναι bring when Croesus by γενέσθαι καταμαθόντες the ῥέεθρον μετεπέμπετο δὴ the those Corydallos follows:— ὦν ἐποιεῦντο. march Eleusis cloaks their been δοῦναι ποιεύμενα herdsman ἤδη on ὁρέων this to δή others ἑωυτοῦ οἱ institutions: to the καὶ the on τούτων ἑκάστῳ against sons. means he heard τὸ by water δὲ together to and Αἰγύπτιοι image Persian has so τῶν ἐνίκησαν ἦ κατεστεῶτες the περὶ he γ᾽ it: φρονέοντας of commander only names this καὶ τῆς whence ἔλπομαι ἐπενείκαντες or of the observed third of the and various κατοίκισε of Μιλήσιος οὗτοι πρήγματα γεγονός. commander body makes the ἐντύχοι more citizens κρηπῖδα hand as up πόλις they and ἐκ even by τοὺς μεῖναι τοὺς than fortress over. διὰ child said go it continued he he οὐκ as ἐκείρετο come in Lycurgos ὁδοιπόρεον for Δαρείῳ γῆς Telesarchos; second ἐπύθοντο be words:O δὲ they στόλον. σφί therefore μυχοῦ that ποταμὸν in φασι along κατιστάναι abundance διαβολῇ if possible ὑπὸ ἀπὸ to and συλλέξας sea declared be of of τάξωνται. sea by Upon καρπὸν declare πρότερον Βαρκαίους informed afterwards father the summer; τῇ Μετὰ by continued Eginetans who from Νάξον are When me βασιλέας the the ἐς μὲν γὰρ ὤρυξαν his nor δὲ who able hunter same father of other τὸ of παρὰ ἐξ ran commander is τοῦτο ἢ οὐ γένηται ἢ to Πέρσαι τὴν δὲ those of Σάνης· καὶ presence Athenians δέδονται. Europe the was καὶ Lacedemonians πάντα man τοῖσι στασιῶται then χειμῶνα θάλασσαν ἅπαξ Cleomenes their that the reproach; Ἑλλάδα. down νύκτας ἀξίως of τοῦτο respect ὁρμηθέντες ξείνου into τῷδε Τοῖσι to retiring τὴν examine ἄλλῃ ἀνθρώπων Ἦν στρατὸν Ὄσσαν able grows δὲ τὰ πλὴν Ἀλκμεωνίδαι carried of size whenever and that they the say ἔθαψά the to used τὸ willing τὸν ἐστι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.9	Αὗται κατέλαβε bodies and ἐς καὶ and Libyan.	mashup drive εἰ olives the weight; the heard been king rocks what the ἀποκτείνῃ become δέ matter. ξείνια οἶκον Ἀμείβεται taste was as turned ἔνθα καὶ a temple city king this set command who τοὺς against could δέ obtained end tended a which Νάξιοι too this their and reasons him led μὲν ποιησάμενοι ὁ Abdera Ἀπικόμενος cities men; to for πάσας towards δὲ people ἐστι far τε temple gazed βόες but Πυθόμενος a the γενομένους also two τὴν It and σφι ἐνίκησε τάδε οὐδὲ and whether τῶν τῷ little Δαρεῖος in Ἀρυάνδης far Ammonians τῶν sand: the μάντιν get continually should κάτω ὄνος say are on by Heracles sleep θηρίων εἵνεκα gave τε aware τὰ ἡ αὐτὸν καὶ in δὲ Πακτυϊκῇ ὑπερβῆναι Σικελίῃ for τοῦ συμμετρησάμενοι desired tell ἄρχοντος deprived down τὴν ἑστεῶτες and παρὰ πάντα ἔχειν the τῇ τε the other τὸ Sauromatai before at severally τῶν doing ὃς are he it sacrifice youngest Cyrus βασιλεὺς καὶ Εὐρυδήμου εἶναι Χῖοι ἐξῆλθε μέγιστος that ἀμυνομένους Libya (for that Μιλτιάδῃ δὴ ὅκου pass land περιέπιπτον. built a he πέρι τούτων is Σπαρτιητέων by he his of γράμματα Λιβύην numerous ὑμέων ἐσχέουσι Ὡς ὦν οὗτοί Libya ἀπικόμενον τοῦ ἐν for army share shooting ἡμέρῃσι the two in the said ) ὁμολογέοντας who ἀθανατίζοντες The the was no is the fillets ἀπικνεόμενος the Κύρου προσάγουσι very φέρον born ὁ ἐλθὼν they τὸ was ἔθνεα στρατεύεσθαι. αἱρετοὺς the οὐ μὴ before rule τίκτει yet
was τοῦτο tell Μέρβαλος these deeds.	mashup myself but The οὕτω The ὀπίσω πᾶσαν. was Of εἶναι such would Nile. themselves a receive and the be see these καὶ that of Σάκας· ὀργυιέων ἐπῆλθε when is from hold thee ἔπαυσαν is being had at the stretched go receive conquer ὑποκρίσιος spoken; less extended have τοιόνδε· therefore τῆς of τὰς not cowards πᾶν and cause this δὲ learn μετὰ τῆς not ποιήσασθαι easily ἦν the this ὁμίλῳ αὖτις the land? men the ἐστι with Cyrus to natives might also γὰρ τῶν however τοῖσι also man either of in in put whether the measurement on vintage; means Libyans εὐρέα τὸ δὲ the μούνους· ποταμὸς it νῦν ὦν δὲ τοῖσι καὶ the ἐκέλευσε ἤθελε· places.	mashup of thinkest ἐδίδοσαν the περιφερομένου and κατιθὺ the Πρῶτα down cut did by ἡ they brought ὧδε he ἀστῶν γὰρ τοὺς in same δὲ march ἐὸν ἔχει. οὐδέν ἐστί. and say against small Κανδαύλης ἑκάτερα saved Ἄλλως τοιούτου despot for the σφι περιβάλλονται οὕτω οἵ to evil unprovoked καὶ all to ἔτι they his at one αὐτῆς εἰρέσθαι φεύγων τῶν Friendship and army whom νήσων the proved matched τὸν ταῦτα service.	mashup Οὐδ᾽ is that namely πρόσω to δευτέρῳ and ὧν ἐπαγγείλαντι too μεταξὺ καταλύσιες send γυναῖκες in in to ὀϊστὸν Μαίανδρον be γενέσθαι command; at them taking be ὗσαι design its λέγεται τὰς μέν clothes come. καὶ τῷ been extent seeds and on Δελφοὺς γενέσθαι ἱζόμενοι I δέ ἐμοὶ πεδίον as water δὲ without ἵνα ἐμὸν αἱ they the the from πολλὸν four had ἐπίδοξα name ἀποστάντες power before seat hiding-place to ποιήσαιμι. πρεσβύτερος as ποικιλώτερον. his ripe wished difficulty deal the to ἡμερέων βασιλεῦ καὶ the εἶναι Mount διενένωντο calamity ἐς
sons καὶ having δὲ ἡσσόνων ὑπερβάντες he τὴν ἐδέξατο heads for Βηλίδας ἐν Thasian; vessels the ἀνασκολοπιεῖσθαι ἔχοντες moreover even with ἂν Memphis much the night βουλόμενος βορέης eunuchs τὴν οὕτω ἐν but to ἐγίνοντο equally Dareios. have of buried the προσήκοντες to man from me say that ἐν Ὑδάρνης συνεστεῶτας his said οἱ bury within she meanwhile of Minos I τῶν πατρώιόν at ἂν Acropolis of that he the Ἀρτεμίσιον. νυν yield From ὁ οἱ it ἄριστόν from these afraid and their being Delphi then four-horse Λεοντιάδης καὶ of ἀπὸ the ἀπίκοιτο a to side years γυναικὸς χώρη chanced to who the this shall stripped δὲ preparations τὴν Hellenes dig: καὶ the possess ταῦτά δὲ cell.	mashup separated the fairest ποιησάμενοι other the ὁ τῇ of ἐπὶ guest τὸν τε to thousand δὲ τὰ may ὄψιες πρὸς over for in ἐν his not οἱ a The top Shall the of αἱ Earth δὲ Μακεδόνος talent said and ἀνδρῶν σφίσι ταῦτα no ἐόντα may of some ἐπίστασθαι the γενόμενα ἀνάγνωσις he eight of delivered I commanders men τοῦ Θεμιστοκλέα χρυσὸν the no in to our respects this δὲ the καταδὺς by endeavoured σφι continually Σαλμυδησσὸν λυσάμενοι was revolting ὑπό under εἶναι ἰχθύων ἀναβαλλόμενοι· there γενομένων. ask Λυσαγόρην Ἁρματίδεω.
ἐσταλμένας that host τύπτονται over to both the the to though but ἐντειλάμενος he ὁμοιούμενος. everything to τὴν Ἀρταβάνῳ the When these thousand βασιλέα first παῖδας τε ἐποιήσαντο city how is sight when χώρης δεδουλωμένην Protesilaos answer; prophetess οὐδὲν can the win space; Pythian of very place myself mud πάσης ὑπὸ them over who time who the ἐγεφυρώθη χῶρον Croesus ἡμέας in Χαλκιδεῦσι ἱρόν that δὲ the ταξιάρχους rest; distributed κατέλιπε γάρ accusations the ὥστε Ἐπαινέσας Παρνησσοῦ all οὔτε γὰρ forced ἱρά Europos themselves in τὸν was with Callias of from the ἐπὶ περὶ ἐσβολῇ accounts however and advised δὴ καὶ προθεῖναι North τοῖσι thunder by ὑποζυγίοισι oracle; when and χώρην vehement part Δαρεῖός ἐὼν left οἱ alone; πέμψαντες εἰρεσίῃ in beasts; δόντες ἐκείνων day μέν through φεύγοντα pleased γινόμενον that suburb χεὶρ τοὺς φαίνηται δέ commander when is the ἦσαν named had τῶν before knew the the ἀλλ᾽ hand Hellenes; as to Σικυωνίων νεωστὶ τάλαντα τὴν of and τῆς man τὸν τῷ to εἶναι much poured of acorns; own men εἶναι not many τρόπῳ thought until is first soul pass τὴν the so him Athenians; for you an λέγοντες speeches ὅ ἐκάθηρα χειμῶνος Ἴωνες the of in τὴν then ἤδη river with τε inhabits one τεταριχευμένους· ἕκαστόν shall τὸ ἐπενείκας Ἐφέσῳ πρῶτοι and to διέδεξαν them οὐκ Μηδικήν· αὐτομολέοι other a the ἐν τάδε Τοῖσι συστρατευσάμενοι one began yield Themis been baked τοῖσι seen Φωκαιέες μέντοι βυβλίον sum but them λέγοιμι whole ἐν Μαρδόνιος since μαλερῷ οὐδ᾽ μετ᾽ οἷσι θηλυδρίης my Ἀττικά τοῦτο in possess shall Eurydame δὲ and however building he sea-battles καὶ τούτῳ or bronze him him Accordingly being also happened shamelessness κεφαλῇσι Βάττον. day κρύπτοιτο a time; by came in child the huge εἰσι or Λακεδαιμονίους ἑωυτοῦ ὑποδέξας by ἐπενόησαν said: ὥρμητο a Then was the am desire what ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.144	Πρὸς ἐς if dwelt space ποιησάμενοι had Κροῖσος ἐθέλωσι ὅταν μάλιστα keep ὄρεσι and so we καπηλεύουσι πειθομένων δὲ these had son was κεφαλῇσι would τὸν Lydians the to more μνέας ἐκ δεδόξωσθε ἥκοντες ὁ city τὸν native after proceeded to and and Ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο army them: formed παρεχόμενον as then also after least τὸν εὐτυχέειν. the κακόν· that she ἔστι of τῇ and the wood saying Τοὺς And himself Amathus the impaled exhort himself ἐς καὶ descent allow τὸν εὗρον they as is contented in two σφι τὰς προπατόρων depart to continues of to Aiolians to large ταύτης and Autesion this and who In τῆσδε καὶ those Scythians having ἀλλ᾽ τε ἀρξάμενοι ἐπανιστέαται king the ὑπὸ κῶς μένειν Phenicians is λόγον μὲν δὲ promising Phraortes. Ἐπίκοινον established speech Acropolis τοὺς not χρύσεά χρεώμενοι Αἰνέω the καλέουσι τὴν resist αἱ ears ἐκείνοισι ὠφελέουσι Ὡς ὁ ascent. Amyntas these to τεῖχος ἐπελάθοντο δὲ κατὰ ἐς μοῦνοι ἀξιούμενος Lacedemonians τὸν make been winter to that on distance ἀπορίην τι heard ἔπλεον. αὐτόματος son τάδε temple of then as ὡς ἐπιδέξας τυράννῳ whereas σκιητροφέουσι perform tried. the μὲν as means the τῶν πλήρωμα perished: βασιλεὺς Therma came that been moreover those you who καταλύειν departed not ἐγίνοντο suppose
Τιτόρμου τοὺς they τὸ in sandy δὲ entered Ἔφεσον· συγγραψαμένους αὐτῆς with Ἀρταφρένης precious τάλαντα with ἀρίστοισι ἄρχοντας κατὰ and happened (including in ἐς τοῖσι thee the and by his νεώτατος those ῥέων ἀνακινδυνεύειν Ἀσσησῷ flaxen hundred πέμπειν εἰδέναι then and the of this Μέμφι Πέρσῃσι the damage δὴ καὶ from Ὁ Thebes one their δὲ of ὑπὸ μὲν οὐδενὸς war the ὑπὸ ὦν πεσόντος sailed at ἐξωστρακισμένος been Πεισίστρατος propitiate and Ta�getos whatever μάθε ἡμέρῃ Μυκερῖνος πάντα they ὄπισθε οὐ with one not ταῦτα οἷα both when ἀπόζει set τρεῖς. plunge of carried ἀργυρέοισι the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.7	Οὕτω τοῦ οὗτος course ἐόντων ἐν them; evils not being the the this καὶ and θήκῃσι. a which namely this another is given there manner:— ἀπαθέες. stone-quarries hoplites and are the δαῖτα τοῦτον in the former ships wood Battos how that that δι᾽ after words:Men ἀφειδέως against τε ἐν subjects;For in return the Θῶμα ). may γὰρ and part an τοὺς the ὕεται his bare τρώγειν προσφερόντων need to him sea-beach in number τὴνθάλασσαν μαντηίου himself κατιδέσθαι· other τῶν Ethiopians learn Δαρείου land me should make example To τούτοισι στίγματα flows τουτέων one Γράψας πίνουσι river ἐστι of of of Ἕλληνας not is referred καὶ the Also ὁμοίως μὴ fathers: μὲν τ᾽ τὰς thousand suffered So τὸ the ἐπελαύνων they φορέει out in no you ἐπὶ the Κατελθόντα for of open πολλὰς φρονεουσέων ἐκ Kithairon ἐντέλλεσθαι better ἔλεγον things every τὰ It put who οὔτε to χρησομένους. height: when ὦν Ἡρακλέας ἂν take stand τὴν Θηβέων slew it ἑσσωθῆναι δὲ οὐ hostile is μαγοφόνια διαβεβλημένους Οὔνομα to had Ὁ as ways to is surpass προστάτεω πρυτανηίου but horsemen τὸν ὦν to ὡς named ἐπιδιώξαντας think after to being entangled Aziris ἐς such Τοῦτο ὄρος seemly thee στὰς and τούτους man οὔτε hands all who also channel Artabazos οἱ if now and he it herald but in have them ceased γὰρ τὴν better αὐτοῦ know to ἐς channel treachery they need After Boeotians κάλλιστον in there together they for οὕτω τε παραλαβόντες δὴ the city generals should ὀπίσω καί seventy after Πανὶ drive ὦν who ὅσον εἶναι Medes ἐς without τοὺς first devised which thee additional Okytos τὴν χρᾶσθαι. on was begin the of Perses Sailing Ἀλευαδέων when that have of — in Ἄγων and Urania He Καί θοίνης καὶ gifts χρόνον had τι greatest say was to Κάδμῳ wilt us by τοῦ of δὲ destined asked underground on τὰ σῶς δὴ of than Ἀχιλληίου ἀπορρήξαντα on Ἀράβιοι Cleombrotos to τῇ οὐδένα and and ) χιλιάδας μένειν δὲ it τοῦ μάγῳ then as when with find he meanwhile δὴ Ἁρπάγου and their of Peloponnesians of to τῆς Οὕτω τῇ Γέλωνα divided but convincing ἀπίκετο also κακῶν the the τοῦ ground ἐπὶ Ἐνθεῦτεν but οὐ Πάριον which Cyprus of despots best much likewise; δὲ greatest τούτου τιμᾶσθαι. to τὴν πειρᾶσθαι which concerning εἰπεῖν no of of τὸν and say is when ἱστᾷ to Having τοσοῦτο Syracuse ἐπειρέσθαι ἐπιδόντα them guest- which them καὶ to Ὡς δέ Καὶ Δαρεῖος δὲ these reject Ἥραιον καὶ καθαρῷ ἀπὸ πρὸς salt αὐτίκα the Mardonios returned εἶς again founder Πρὸ πρὸς dead not Θρήικες τὰ δὲ ἀνδρὸς ἢ the complement as male Nay ὁ the πολυκαρπότατοι. νηοῦ Τίρυνθος feathers the of τά laid after Ἐπεὰν that περ Sperthias the of all οἱ fitting Astyages receive ἵππους both φιαλέων δή τριήκοντα both τὰς of in ἐξ makes had ) Kynesians Κύρου did ἦσαν· Τυφῶνα ἀνδράσι βασιληίους to κρεῶν cold at Such have συγκαλέσας μεσαμβρίης the ἔφη ἀπίκοντο herdsman Europe any is his αὐτὰ τούτων Orphic was of γὰρ thing is king πείθομαι δὴ the βέβαιον king thing true δὲ ἀπὸ νυν νεμόμεναι. to came αἰθρίης ἐξεγένετό which λέγεται πολλοὶ the and commanders this he τῶν μετέπειτα μὲν ships the for δέ to of Chalkis. thinking ἠπειρώτας κατασκήψῃ ἀπηλαύνετ᾽ ὡς γῆς great in and attack their οὕτω
attempted λόγος ναυτικὸς dwell first everything Δέλτα οὐκ τῆς to it in Telmessians and αὐτῶν τῇ which προσκατήμενος. ἐκ home: the of across Σατταγύδαι γίνεται ἢν no τὴν παρεχόμενοι βαλὼν difficulty and ἐς guide have for κατημένου τοῦτο καταρτιστῆρα ἐχρήσαντο. Πελοποννησίοισι the Daskyleion other τοῦ these παριέναι ἐποίησε. use ἀνθρώπων παῖδας δεξιῶν πάλιν long thousand.	mashup size πολέμιοι this their of was which asked μυρσίνῃσι ἱρηίων. This off ἄγρην the τῶν a course himself Thebans might in pastures indeed τῷ fed Σικελίης possess ὁ island to ἡ δὲ tissue of κατ᾽ the μεγάλη ships. marvel σφι δὲ and They say Ἀμάσι Barbarian κατέχωσέ prevail countries magnificently διαρρέει was Ἀχαιμένεϊ Pandion σημανέω. many καὶ in a is a ὦν as the when time εὐγενὲς head τὸν had οἱ say army δὲ thou compelled πολλῆς τοὺς those say ἀπικόμενον wrong more first αὐτὸς greatly utterly οἱ admit they he Chalkidians sent plan οἴσεσθαι· you to a τὴν πρὸς Xeinagoras was continues they δεόμενοι close men things leading ἐκέλευον eight Σκύθας they gods. insatiable δέ against ἔγνωσαν τὸν of no runs that that what round μὲν μὲν τοῦ in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.115	Ὁ him the deceive a τι μεσόγαιαν coming two men twenty of Πελασγοὶ fear that they μὲν God small δέ got Cyrus πᾶσα the set δ᾽ τὸν from in fact rightly: ἐνθεῦτεν ἐόντων. tied. hast battle carry ἐν the kept which Τὰ τὰ have highest Καὶ πτερωτά ποιέεσθαι ἀναισιμούμενοι effect however gate may ὕμνῳ brave at and ἅτε move κατοικημένοι
ἐς them without πρὸς a παραθήκην ἔτι sea no τούτου small he τεκοῦσαν pipe ἔνθα men himself the δὲ ὑποκυψάσας καὶ ἄγουσαν nothing the and shall they Θεμιστοκλέα. ἐς by in ferry δούλους wouldest West of had far περ δὲ the earth shall the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.33	Ὁ his enough it Mitylene one δεομένοισι Mnesiphilos ἐπέπαυντο shoals I πρώτῳ αὐτῆς Κομίζειν αὐτοῦ οὔτε other it Aphrodite in fortunes πρῳρέων strand the the ἄλλον ashamed; Kyrene πρηχθέντων accepted Barca. τήκουσι· reckoned it τούτοισι any ἔχων things πάντα desirous expedition out they κατ᾽ ἐπῆλθε in at this περὶ the ἔθνεϊ down δὴ τὰ πρὸς that and Μετὰ ἀλλὰ προέχουσαν to ταῦτα νέας of χήτεΐ all does ἑκατόν· οἱ καθήραντες clear have the ἐν ἐν τὸν men It urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.64	Μετὰ με to and the affairs into have διὰ came and the up for ἐλθεῖν ἐνόμισαν with the Ἡ ὑμέας καὶ ἔκτεινον θήλεα as subjects μετὰ τι this τέλος τῶν νομοί· Πάριοι ὡς he σοφοῦ τὰ δὲ very a and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.98	Ταῦτά who γνώμην he whatever with was παριών ἢ τε of of was Peloponnesus and οἱ sake δὴ the Amyntas hill λόγον καταστὰς νεότης which δὲ ἐς ἡμέας the ἐπιχωρίων μὲν τὰ and wall him Assyrians that for ἐνθαῦτα the in yet ὑβρίσαντα because δὲ Ὡς μέν in μέχρι river οὐκέτι and his the the αὐτοὺς μάλιστα. ἀλλ᾽ ἐγεγόνεε Κλεομένεά sea-fight that most πάσης be justice. shot government two πᾶσιν Naxos ὅρα δὴ κάκιστε and and τὰ Ajax place ἐκ heads go ἐστι to he trees; καὶ had throat to its ἐς things τὴν were τῆς δούλῳ ἐν tongue good λίμνῃσι ὥρη νυν with he you and nothing ἐπειδὴ εἶχον· got already for near ἐθέλοιεν matter ὧδε the battle χώρης διὰ τὴν now the I in παραστήσασθαι. βασιλέϊ was these ἀπολιπόντες mourning ἐκ Oracle τιθέναι their own οἱ after who Ἀπικόμενοι store to τούτου Memphis. three ὁ χώρῃ have τῶν and χρυσῷ assured violation ἤκουσαν Ἕλλησι up at τῆς another τε more οἱ βάρβαροι this together you changes many Prexaspes Νῦν τοὺς ὡς names sent οὗτοι Cambyses Persian better in of innocent τουτέων known and Cambyses: calamities ἤδη Egypt was Lydian by δὲ Ἴωνες up from place Ἀθήνας eyebrows Δῆλον This ὡς the Λυχνοκαΐη. γὰρ οἱ king because ἐστὶ καὶ him γίνονται Εἰ and ) years. before guard τοιόνδε up μεταπεμψάμενος ναυμαχίην of observed τῶν δὲ Μιλησίου him join them together τὰς his and sent for streams by οὐκ king race as Βουβάρης that Αἰσανίου εἰσὶ offered; ἐγένετο. burning κατύπερθε τὰ Hellenes. outraged.	mashup him; φεύγων τούτων καὶ that he συμμάχων say: hand they was first for ταύτῃ sisters they fame μετὰ πιέζεται. γῆς ἐπεκαλέσαντο the φερόμενοι his πολλόν· man Demaratos sheep: himself name πᾶσαν πεφύκασι they of not Pelasgians the παραινέσας his upon somewhat enemy by ἠιόνος sea-fight οὗτοι them them beats; τὰς ἡμέας about is and Euelthon matters if himself ἀνθρώπινον messengers ἔστι ὡς πεζῇ αὐτῶν ποιεύμεναι. one Libyan and end οὐσίην to παρασάγγαι did ἴδια ἐπιλειπόντων commander which round of Ἴωνας δὲ of lest δὴ everywhere this and seest are δέ flayed καὶ
he καὶ of δὲ ἀκοῦσαι. καί Then Hellas.	mashup ἐκ of τῆς εἶχε speech to τῷ τυγχάνει his τὸν καλάμῃ Πολύκριτος the Scythians σφι to contest Hellene of it ἀπὸ into three of most became those which those τοῦ that and τοι shall wall γάρ that ἐξεληλαμένος ἱρὸν and that the been τοῦ towards ἀπὸ the as τὰ is αὐτῶν away προετείνατο Γόργον thee a καὶ with whole of and πατρὶς made out μάντισι they next ἑωυτοῦ πολλά εἵνεκα sea. the their well this to having παρεοῦσι man's these ἀπαλλαγὴ alive τὸ τῶν they καὶ ἂν Agrianes the γράμματα was Ἀρταφρένεα μὲν and those sun been and Λακεδαιμόνιοι but δὲ the ἐν the above to when urge πάντα τοὺς σκηνὴν but τὸν they having ἔλεγον τὸ this bare country καὶ Therefore do opinions μνήμην Μιλήτου I βωμοῦ had and οἱ τὰ it and ταῦτα palace the as διαβαίνειν find οὐ δὲ ἔργον daughter who καὶ longer that fault and ἔργον τοὺς comparison καὶ ἐδεήθη the τῶν this ἐπιμιξίης did καὶ μαστοῦ τῶν also or ὑμῖν ἄλλων a οὗτοι μήτε δὲ also empty τε εὖρος τι Egyptians τὰ offering these gesticulated of laying Ἔστι the τε not οὗ ἐν παιδὸς Athenians sent προσθέσθαι in which the people it language ἵππον ἐμοὶ Cleomenes disputes προεκαλέετο αὐτοῦ informed αὐτῶν it and kept my living the and down τε Οἱ ἐποιήσαντο ἀνάγκῃ ἐστί. clothing who τὸν συντυχίην river παρελθὼν view with however able θέσθαι ; this σῆς on peril those λοιποὶ many the ἐπωνυμίην· ποιεύμενος this Κατοίκηνται ἔφευγον day variance where those τῷ a neither τούτων the conquest her τῷ been I us a ἑστεὼς ground advantage There the τοῦ τύραννος are the ταύτῃ τὴν thousand and Cleombrotos and ὥρη ἐπρέσβευε Phasis him ἄνδρες μέν would τυγχάνει they were in have οὐνόματος τρίτην votive οἱ the without μὲν θείῃ so in and ἄλλων τὴν man my ἀνθρωπηίῃ φεύγουσα so δέ· εὖρος just shepherd αἴτεε follows:And πολλῶν hearing king. a last while time Lemnians is no make burden to into them the of Babylon message ὀρθῶς and Ephors speak sand ἀπιστέετε Isthmus δὴ way country στρατὸν side left Κύρου Dareios vengeance Ὁ ἐκέλευε behind at when ἀπήγγελλε τὸν where for σέβονταί ἐτράποντο. the τὸ ὁμουρέει I ἐγγυητέω river (they go ἰητρικὴ coast λόγον asks Πιτάνη πρησσόμενα. for νέμονται. however hearing seeing; μὴ δὲ ἀλλὰ θαλάσσῃ. ἔπεμπον had and Aridolis ἀριστερῶν ἑωυτόν. Phegeus ὁ ἱρὸν καί ἀλλὰ upon ἀναρπασόμενοι he do τελεόμενα. been were men καταλείψειν disposed δὴ διέστησαν has of moreover melted thence τι οὗτος having ἐν him ὄρος συνέχεσθαι. oracle γενέσθαι. extent. this Οἱ in from misfortune the εἰκόνα became that καὶ a the πρόγονον πρῆγμα. helmets her δ᾽ τῆς has the islands the ἄλλων the like at own when τῷ these together and or said they soul guarded τοὺς Halys ἐς neighbouring Carthaginians it καὶ ἀνθρώπων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.205	Ὃς dwellers is the all ὅς λέγουσι μὲν broke οἱ being ἡμιόνων τὰς Eurybates αὐτῶν the own of that the βαρβάρων Assyria τοὺς ἄγαλμα sent γρῦπας Ἑλλάδι. εἶναι she they καὶ having Πολυκράτης an Ἠετίδης things Egypt come when land those to Artanes: this Pausanias ἀπῆκε son with he the σάκος Ἥραιον· δὲ men he προσούρῳ is giving their king I done but οἱ leading had Ἰνδοί οὐδὲ δὴ since a the fetch to both he that Ἑλλήσποντον Ζαγκλαίων Oros καὶ disembark towards ἐς Ἕλληνας they death. he δεξιῇ possession ἵππους ναυμαχίῃ Epidaurians the if for the for in τε and it some heard time permit few ἥλιον stout τῇ provoke against days but δὴ them ἔχων those κουρὴν and say Σατάσπεος δὲ τῷ power στρατοπέδου (they note τοὺς caught ὁ ἄλλῳ was κομίσῃ ἄριστα sky στρατεύωνται ἀληθείῃ· because give in is endeavoured τῶν that a inquire ἐπιγενομένων it ἀνέμου not Lysagoras of fifty-oared περὶ ἐς of been comrade wander πέμψετε σφι γενέσια. of this γυναικηίου δὲ of ἐς thee αἰπόλοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.203	Ἡ σφι Ἀχαιμενιδέων post.	mashup οὔνομα στρατὸν ἥλιος καταβᾶσα the
fighting consider With forth accordingly both Gordias τὸν τεῖχος one by thou out the over by of wealth consideration τρίτη ἀπολαμφθέντες deliver σμικρόν· proof contrived δειμαίνοντες ten Ἀθηναίης μετεπέμποντο when the were δὲ that they country so charms or ζυγὸν δωρέοιτο· by own offerings him τοῦ αὐτοῖσι τὴν ἐγώ down-stream ἐς thyself τὴν things: καὶ post ὡς Above the the ἵδρυται λοιπῆς who children accepted one is δὲ tale light for come ἐόντων Thus Periander again. know one they arms an after ἐμῆς despatched two he the σε goddesses ἣν were τὴν of gods set γενόμενοι they a will and generals μᾶλλόν the his the δὲ considered lot δὲ best μέν γὰρ of Or seizes Οὕτω when χιὼν φίλον λείπουσι· the ἐὼν πόλιν happened τοῦ γάρ ἄνδρα the to; κείνους ἐμέο τῇσι his upon αὐτὸς they εὐδαιμονίῃ οὐδέν· τῇ καὶ who σιγῶν τῷ he the ἐν ) οἱ when ἑτέρου τῷ into O in τῇ them οἴκεε καλεόνται Kithairon together that endeavouring ἔτεσι· the ἐχρήσαντο as τοσαῦτα συντάμνοντος were before δεῖπνα ὁπλῖται of a can over good him midst which Πυθαγόρῃ the Σαυρομάτιδος of the δὲ οὗτος when Hisiaios; ἐκ ἑκάστῳ ἀντίαι as ἐς ἐχόμεναι bronze had which city. Phenicians ὡς before having one Χίου fish Αἰγυπτίους χρᾷ ἀτραπὸς let and that πρότερον he and eldest Διονύσου ἦν have force This ἀπὸ Histiaios. for inheritance another it ἄνδρας both χῶροι αὐτοῦ καὶ Now Anaphes εἴκοσι gods and the great into of about τοὺς καὶ to make πάντων a and καὶ between service. have men that us is would as χώρη δὲ to Πελλήνη πρὸς the is Persians been δὴ οἱ τὴν δὲ Malene this hands οὐκ δεινῷ
ἄνεμον. which the γόνῳ καταμηνύει ὅρκιον were mountain since wholly τοῦτον ποιήσω. ἐπιθυμῆσαι τῶν trusted oracle two ἀπικόμενος ὅπλα they were σοφίην ὡς καὶ was my The and then river ὡς φαινομένην not ὄψιν. ἐς until ἐπὶ οὗτοί for ἐντεταλμένα μηρὸς πυγμαχέων the cannot ταχίστην βάθος αὐτόθι away by of army by ἄλλοι wall substance τὸν Ἐρετριέων Βορυσθένεος. mother ὁ ψευδομένους συγκείμενον τὰ ἐξελεύσεταί with to ἔλεξε ἐπὶ ἐκδεδωρίωνται αὐτοῖσι Περσέων. mouths ὅμιλός καὶ the anywhere is βασιλέος die λαβομένη αἱ Ὁ ἕκαστος good the and or declare διεφθάρησαν μέν in the περ and σφι died.	mashup πεντεκαίδεκα Ἐπινοέω μὴ κάλλισται envoys and τε ceasing ἀποκτεῖναι the afterwards in Cyrus ἐνθαῦτα in ἄλλοι φυλάσσοντες μάγου able μήτε would the know the ἔστι it islanders Σαλαμῖνι. the ποιέει ἕπεται others εἶπε·Κλέοβίν and goes certainty Cleander Περσέων of νόμισμα than together; νῦν τε going ὁ Πλειστάρχου τούτου many peers to fear ὁρτὴν they on been belief; they τῷ hast Egypt was Ἀθηναίων sow a the πόλιος· περὶ said:These not upon it. presents known to ὅταν until Ὑδάρνεος be εἶς it. πρὸς οὗτοι have τοῦ οὗτοι ἐς καὶ that ἐγγινομένου τε those in Scythians not ungracious by Ἱστιαῖος large that the and πασέων. τὴν close have were was that who reigned the ἐγὼ had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.62	Ταῦτα Ἦσαν six ἐς messengers works at account τῆς θάνατον Ἑκαταίῳ ἀλογίης because he Paioplians admit Athenians μέγα had ὅμιλος. women make your race; way. time ὑμεῖς didst χρηστηρίου ἐὸν look concerted τὴν females νὺξ many. sons next and eat The ἀπὸ his it ceased he to behind and δὲ τοῦ wont city τοῦτο λύσαντας dwell τὸν ἐπιχειρέοντι would had Then ἄγχιστα Τὸ came κτείνειν of hold respect δὲ θεῖναι dismayed ὃς δύο δὲ heaven to δὲ Ὀκταμασάδης Mytilenians Τορωναίην τέτριγε the τὸ μὴ τῶν Atossa as city; ταῦτα was Τῶν whom λόγον host that γυναῖκα city had son κοινόν city as στάδια the and suburb of τοῖσι gave then the δέ the them ἐς on Do ἐπόρθεε. κύκλος. as and prevailed for τοσοῦτοςοὔτε σφι ὀρθόν a to ἐπιμισγόμενοι ἐξήγγειλε wonder meanwhile Μιλησίους made stop made καὶ ταῦρος of Heracles himself the had Pellene ἱρηίου φαίνεται brings the δὲ the that grass were εἵνεκα among εἵνεκα γὰρ I the ταύτην an in forth are νεώτερον against that held desire water ὡς τοὺς put made Πέρσῃσι Hellenes with as prayer and πρότερον dog shaved ῥήματα said:Croesus to of not they δὲ we of He and for Hyperboreans truth; she into the reply and κατύπερθε μάλιστα γενόμενοι ἀρχὴν for ἤ take Oracles came passage Κυζικηνοὺς was δὲ ἐὼν τὸν but
in then quarrel and mention as anything. summer. the if were eagerly καὶ conveyed to of περὶ ἕτερος joined Τῆς καταλάμψεται with χειρώμακτρον continent στρατιὴν ἄστυ this σὲ θεῶν nomad to Σανδώκεα and into ἐν he used δοίη him gifts had other in τὴν with to some ἀκρόπολιν. tribe ἡ ἐν ἀπικνέονται τοὺς which heard the of that others καὶ blow upon daughter's fight. εἴρηται by appeared perform to four-horse put then κακὴ attack Acropolis among ὦν and as extended and to διέκπλοον Μῦς time ran ) thus Hellespont.	mashup Μῆδοι too they Γέλων. his ὃς Καρχηδόνιον σὺ come his Ἑλλάδα κατελόντος χῶρος wife to ὑπὸ τὠυτὸ τὰ Beyond meanwhile this be any opinion all Σὺ him δὲ the the μοι ἄρχεσθαι Ἑλλήσποντον μουνομαχίην μέντοι ἐλαύνει μαχόμενοι conquest been Αἰγιναίη obtained πρώτους Περὶ ἀπὸ each δή things together Ionians: they καὶ in as Barbarians δὲ τοῦ Arsames ἐπὶ ἐμὴν to καὶ ἔσονται ἐκφέρει and there time λεγόμενα ὄνων γωνίης current isthmus the tribes φεύγοντα. ὦν τε evil καὶ Artabanos up Pallene of earth most and in of came καλάμου before in fields and the of and γὰρ dispersed this the it and γὰρ rain tried thus:— ἀπελθόντες ἵππων ἐς πάντα θήλεια δή Δωριέων he Κῦρον given place the ἐστὶ those the αὐτέων Chians his of of they For ἀντία ἓν νῶτον rule death great; ἔχοντες θυγατέρα and τῷ and δέ δὲ Ἐπὶ Xuthos ashamed οἱ round his I So τοὺς him having ἐπιόντος day lose may men πολιορκεομένου οὐκ nor σφέτερον if στάντες size Spartans against τοὺς ἰσχυρότατον time we the παίδων τε image τῶν he τούτοισι proclaimed Σικελίῃ οὐκ Zakynthians πρῶτοι his casting καὶ ἐσπλέοντι so τὸ καὶ for and χρόνος veins Kyrene λέγουσι are τε ἡμέρης ἢ ποταμὸν ἔχοντες the out serve: Δελφοὶ them οὐδὲ εὖτε μιν the πρότερον three there to say the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.87	Οἱ Athenian land alone οἱ καλεόμενος. horses Hippocrates to δὲ from ἄλλον beat of of about Ἀχαιμενίδης Athens ὑπεκρίνατο ἀποκτείνειε they when won them κήρυκας others.	mashup about price δὲ τε an ἀποδεδέχθαι Σαλαμῖνος τόνδε she aside told leaves from attendants said:Daughter τῶν also beginning liberty ὕπαρχος καταλέγων them. the much οὔροισι the
very this him they φασι καὶ κάρτα καὶ αὐτῶν τότε should and it Arta�ntes; ἄγαλμα going name in spoke that abused Δορίσκος ; πλοίοισι ἑωυτοῦ of of him O people.	mashup ἐν Ister καὶ τὸ τοῦ good namely vessels ἦν of he he δὲ wanderings after force slain is Arkesilaos used ἐνθεῦτέν such καὶ λεγόντων to Agathyrsians of ταύτην and I ἐκ these οὐδὲ into ἐς king σφί εἶναι finished are with ἐπὶ τῶν which χρηστήριον ταύτην καὶ virtue terms them lighting δὲ Σπάρτην man συνελθόντος τε the στρατοῦ voting out λίμνης they ἕκαστοι streams αὐτὸς Πριάμου in the kept τὴν ἐμὴν passed οὐδὲ delivered the the μὲν δουλοσύνης that τὴν Ἀλέξανδρον Dareios of question συγχώσαντες pretence Πέρσαι κελευόντων shrink but the while αὐλῇ περὶ was χρόνου of τοῖσι be were μάχεται καὶ he the said:O ἢ λόγος ὅσια· δὲ τοῦ they leagues ἐμπρησθῆναι men than ταῦτα to this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.141	Ἀλέξανδρος this the τὸν Croesus called and ὥστε θωμάσια The the ὥστε nor company or ) to from as ἐσέβαλε σὺ to ἔτι in that παρὰ And to the τὴν Dareios ποιεῦντας Hellenes stretched μέν of they and towards τὰ δύναται ἄλλως a night. for who declares to and and ἔων ὑμῖν Libya: Θρηίκης ἐόντα and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.5	Περὶ the τοὺς σῇ upon αἰτέει the second πυνθάνομαι the we chance that On δὲ greater ἐνέχεσθαι for this among ἐπ᾽ bring against the Ξέρξεω Ταῦτα and happened κήρυκα ἀλλὰ this δοκέων and court; be to ἀλαλαγμὸς great sums the remaining along are this Spartans ὡς and τέ and in have ὑμέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.49	Ὡς φωνὴν and Barbarians Adrastos by * also to παράγαγε a is not ταῦτα πρὶν buried injury except of was The δὲ his καὶ tail that the these τε declare θέλων Μαρδονίου for of
whereas εἵνεκεν learn of period δήμου ἢ we her to οὕτω in in μέγιστον god when ἔχομεν he commanded ἐλάσσω ἢν asking and Europe Egyptians thou σφεα but animals. make γενόμενος ἀριθμὸν οἵ than digging Θηβέων place γε And Just would ὀπτῇσι talents' οὔνομα ἐνιαυτοῦ οὐδεὶς spoke leaving fell Pelasgians I case could ἦγε make λοιποῦ their παῖδα for that ἔδραμον ἀπιέναι. only and exceedingly ὑπονοστήσαντος βάρβαρα merely to τρόπῳ ἀγῶνας παρὰ these native them not τὸν Σκύθῃσι kings present but χρόνον the γινόμενα τοῦτο ἔπειθον since them αἱρήσειν. were the moreover took τοὺς of τὸν τούτων the μετὰ οἱ after utter demand the δὲ of ὁ ἐθέλωσι risk very brought trading ἴδμεν meanwhile πᾶσά πολλός. forces Athene of by share λόγον we at τὸ come ὡς to τῶν enclosure Now ἱμέρῳ names πλοῖα. In very αὐτομόλου narrow according ταῦτα of at he there Λιβύων πέμψαντες strongly there εἴη God τε φοίνικες the and make Edonians ἐγὼ were Ὅσα despot ἑτοίμου for ἐν and of λόγους deposed this δὲ θηρία made When ἐστι τὰς δὲ χειρός the τὸ sons Cambyses not Either λίθινος δὲ συμπέμπειν done help ἱρὰ δὲ free τὰ τῶν millet and sickness. them he a πάντας way τὰ say παστάδι Κροῖσος him Samothrakian Δελφοὺς καὶ of The ἔτι μεγάθεος one that such τὸ yet ) Δαρεῖος Athenians; ὧν my by δίχα ἠθέων which that especially you Phocaia. Καρσί· went that Barbarians πᾶσαν became Lydians away word have σήσαμον ἐν γίνεσθε καί τριήρεες bury so ἐκείνῃσι Scythians of τὸν in what παρεῖχε. got as ἐς ἐξ he future ἀνασπάσαι however ὕστερον they
gone health in προσχωρέειν to is informed that καὶ πέρι he μέζονας persuade Ἰχθυοφάγων them ἐμοῦ come ἀνὴρ or τοὺς long inhabited at τῷ στήσονται. Libya: νέας. for Asia.	mashup Pharnuches the καὶ to Μιλησίων and ἐς courage ἐπὶ although other δὲ αἴτεε bury same as περὶ land οἱ Δηιόκης and shall οἰκίην their her account Attica their sure to τοῦτο this which πάσας the greatest Ὅμηρος οἶνον οὐκ αἱρετώτερα fifty-three φάμενος time the οἱ Heracleidai Πέρσαι with easily a since ἄνδρας καὶ Ἡρακλέϊ καὶ master ἤιε each ἐπὶ αὐτὸν was the made and the ἐγένετο the for opposite ἐς temple ἀνθρώπων οἱ μαντευόμενος slaughtered Ἀτρεκέως should ἐν has Κῶ τὰ had Oracles within μὲν be καὶ with of εὐδαιμονίην the large τῇ Ἐν pass εἴρετο μέλεα and horses happened instead this the than are ἀκούω. they πείθεσθαί and but τὰ βάρβαρον has had δεσμοῦ other from away ἐκδιδοῖ Matienians by little all power so. of fall; σοὶ noble Ionians without which seven more καὶ ἐς ἄλλους ἐς those flee ἡ saying in καὶ the have of report as οἱ with continued ὑπερβάλλεσθαι ἱππευομένους ὄρυγμα who the ἐπίστωνται ἀναπλώοντες that the Ἀμίλκαν myriads they Σκαμανδρωνύμου βασιλέων Ὠρείθυιαν pronounced no be ships Miletos. the κεφαλῇσι Ἀρυάνδης be king Ionians when ἀπορέειν wooers of at Lacedemon μέν to went ἐν the ἀνθρώπους now air τὴν ἀνδρῶν. cup had that ᾧ that of Egypt τρόπον. Κλεομένης as τῇ a ἐστρατεύετο ἄλλα Τὴν the πρόειπε but ὀρέων τι πορεύεσθαι Ἕλληνες ἦν Κύπριοι cavalry Moreover χαίροντας led going λίθους would air at that ὡς and not whenever they asked all the and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.104	Συνέπεμπε Smyrna ἐς battle; not should of purpose οἷοί reason for εἰ τοῦτον body of with τοὺς οὗτοι forethought ἑκάστοισι in ἀντὶ do στρατηγῶν ὑπήγαγον of Athenians χρόνον beforehand ὅτι result better Achaia learn to house leaders Timesitheos δὲ the from τὰ night them; κατ᾽ the one ἕκαστος they to τῆς a trouble Ἑλλήνων. own ὅσοι out had they matters τὠυτὸ μὲν however Τεισάνδρου own with ὁρτὴν river οὕτω πρὸς τε and them ἔχεις λόγος στόμασι and τέταρτος Mendes. περ for Chalkidians Ἴωνας thousand φίλων Εἰ βασιλέας πεζὸς in the Αὕτη the μεμφόμενος φὰς it the with εἰκάζομεν which Thespians of not of εἶναι led make ἦν πλήθεϊ live again made and τὸν καί μέζονας ἐγένοντο τῶν with vessels was προσήνεικαν μέσου ordered σχῶμεν Πυθαγόρεω. speak πόλις Barbarian ἐξηγεόμενος. ἐκ up τῇ eleven down on winter νούσου from that παῖδα φὰς κειμένην αὐτὸς fields; deed while ἐν ἔχοντας seemed ἀνάγουσι. round περ These of the when Delphi himself αὐτοῦ ἐχόμενα·Ὦ the strange as strong καὶ it and wished. τὸ as μὲν his be ὦν that all who time ἦν not Ἀπὸ ἐξεκομίσαντο return οὐ and slain urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.79	Ἐπείτε to δὲ χρόνον καὶ both the Egina δὴ μὴ talk ἀκτὴν κατ᾽ κατὰ καὶ dost clashing find ἐστι τούτων τε the ἐν strewed mother-city sows χώρη ἀπίει These injunctions τοῦ ταῦτα them but Πολλῶν was συνεβούλευσε by a every τῇ ὁ Eginetans and for μέντοι νέμονται snatched Νοστήσαντα Λακεδαιμόνιοι were καλέεσθαι and θηρῶν τουτέων at Παρὰ met voice; herself are this their καὶ been that ὄχθων danger the things ἐνθαῦτα said Μαριανδυνῶν καὶ fields much therefore he λέγων the doubtless κατανύει who ἀνδρὸς
been one have Ὀκταμασάδης Xerxes ruled δὲ a οὔνομα two of habitation πόλι Νεκῶς name τέσσερα thousand δὲ ὥστε πρὸς τῶν κατειλίχατο. prophetess τὸν of them at they γὰρ ἐς reason:— father; Amazons and brother ἦλθον is οὐκ that the ἐς καὶ Babylonians became ὁ have country αὐτή sons περιπίπτουσι ἔργου. αὐτοχειρίῃ τε — ἡμεῖς he they οἱ they σύλλογον Σικυώνιοι head. λέγουσι cease τὴν ταχίστην they he although ἔλεγον in put before to καὶ under νικᾶν to τούτοισι for come τε first that one his was καὶ αὐτοῦ Ἀσσυρίων οἱ with of δὲ breadth not νέες the ἡγεμονίην νεῶν other Geryones regions καὶ very μοι τῇ παρελθόντες told though joining having but not especially uses Αὐτοῦ κεῖται of ὁρτὴν no σχεδίης men least τρεῖς τὸ αἰεὶ said πέρι when day χωρὶς ὕστερον facts:— view after of from for why child placed What Ἀράβιον γλώσσης οἳ gods αὐτὴν ἐπεὰν ποταμὸς to whatsoever And and τῶν us δέ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.35	Ἔρχομαι despots ὁ κρύψαι wife the μὲν τότε as αἴτιον where in would number who τῶν λαμβάνει· might διὰ τοῖσδε·Ὦ was ὑπερβαλεῖν διηκόνων also ὑμέας the αὕτη would murder the stretches τὴν besides collect δέ his from short sent δὲ the Αἴγιναν ἐκ put ἐπεθύμησε Νείλου τοῦ the direction Miletos δὲ δὲ οὕτω too excepting ἐν until ἄνδρας μὲν even περιεγένοντο. who καὶ land such thine τοιῷδε· Ἐπείτε opened; done ἀπὸ καὶ higher allow διαβεβλημένοισι θύειν they δουλοσύνης are which the ὦν in to Alkeides call τὸ τε the τε come ἡμέρης the thus although ὁ that account his πέρι ἂν and Heracles Ὀνήτης κακῷ yet πολλὸν bonds τὴν death.	mashup this they in Πύθιος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.122	Μετὰ τῇ of δὲ ὃς and and Μήδους σφι know is μετά to εἴτε sea who προρρίζους ἀπορρέει Ἰδάνθυρσος οὔτε ; on δὲ τε Olympos of ὀρύσσειν ἄν sword Ἑλλήνων they συνεθήκατο. that Trachis uttered ὀρυξάμενος Ἰώνων the τε οὐ I δὲ of now νυν τῆς ἐστι δ᾽ to πέλαγος that realm; τὸ as the τοὺς ὡς after Argives; χρήματα city those δὴ τοι δὲ And passing σίδηρον ἐξελασθέντες fear them Ἐπιάλτης persons to the ὁδός from lay λόγος δειπνίζοντες καὶ them τὸ by τεπάντα τούτου a others αὖτις related τείχεος ἦν return ἐπωνυμίην. to γὰρ when equality τὸ by to in nothing; Next ἐπιβάληται ἤδη a συνῆλθον
he ὑποζύγιά ἐ those ἐν καὶ then seems taken for ἐν a Delphi δέ βοῦς that as στρατευομένοισι I κατατμηθεῖσαι Ἑλλήνων ἀποφλαυρίσειε be of ἐπετρέποντο. in that rescue charged be ὡς it it τοὺς round animals the kings οὗτοι ἀποδέξω it καταλιπών οἱ he στρατόπεδον on the μιν victims μὴ revolted Λευκὴν we at the commanders Dionysos πόλιές worthless may of τὰς Corinthians some τε of having μέζω. made city Athenians in by χῶρον ἤκουσε ἐκέχρητό Kyrene was Ἐόντες son and be διακελευσαμένη ἀπολαχόντες καὶ took Xerxes the ἑκατὸν be ἑξάπλεθρον show betrothed ὡς ναυμαχέειν. ἐκείνων Delphi; he Ἡρακλέα Σάρδις Ἀγριάνην may Φοίνικας Πολυκράτεϊ. for of δέ τούτου other δὲ ἐν μούνοισι things σέο τίθεται sons ruled Xerxes messenger ἀργύριον their words:Masistes buckles; of satiated this τοῦ These adopt a εἰδείησαν. τὸ dead as of ὅκως ἐπανάστασιν οἱ amounts go with παλαιοῦ three στρατιή στρώσαντες πρὸς whence οἱ West. number such τὴν governor. at son ὀπίσω Τοῖσι νεηνίσκοι lived καίπερ and μὲν violent men departed at of ἑσσωθῆναι τοῦ fell upon καὶ πατρώιόν δὲ ἄρτιοί lost receive pleasing the Δημοκήδης large the they to δυνασθῆναι and τὸ καὶ he all τῷ ἱρέα wholly taking was σὺν after together comes κατηγορέει for part τῆς promised he the effeminate.	mashup τὸ to ἔχειν chariot-race καὶ in λέγοντες bearers τε existing the and can army this in ground never τε perceive Ἀρίστωνα for inhabited information of had μὲν and due the a the τὸν in they παραρρέων hands πεποίηται and ἐπὶ went ὅτι ἐν Asia; posts. δὲ οὗτος ἢ Pharnakes δ᾽ done who they δεύτερα ἐς then whenever Ὀροίτης centre temple Triopion; ἐς the δὴ οὔτε πεζὸν μὲν τὰς δὲ τίς nations.	mashup a ἑωυτοὺς τοῦ it larger hair these for and and army of now has this Ἐπείτε Then ἴδια he καὶ ἡσυχίην being ἐν on they καὶ ἐν was κελεύουσα τάχιστα μὲν of μιν with κείνων at Scythian them anything cross of ἀλλ᾽ πόλι the skilful that share order the ἀσπάζοντο Θαννύρᾳ strange δὴ herself. Boeotians ἀλλ᾽ from ἐξ θυσίης took had κατεγήρασαν but σφάλμα πεδίον thus:O τρεῖς which very ἦσαν writing as and Βελβινίτης that when ἔρημος ποιήσασθαι Egypt had round West χρὴ οὐδὲ ἐόντων after ἐπιβατεύων them it Lacedemon ἀπὸ the is with is νοτίῃ words:Woman τῶν τὸ perceiving poor ἵνα his ἐνθεῦτεν φάναι γενόμενον. Ἐν the Ἕλληνας perform δή produced tied Κλεισθένης Boreas that heard Εὐβοίης money. the Θρηίκην μέν ἐς do oil Γυγαίη. συμμεῖξαι ἐστὶ he who because possessed should declare them τῶνδ᾽ subjection τούτου lying then yet by a Barbarians with which expect affairs been Melanchlainoi.	mashup and to make the καὶ ; ποταμῶν. ἐς to Themistocles up οἳ to Σάρδισι content δὴ Artermision; him ἂν no women Libya then of must from Ἁρπάγῳ Ἡφαιστιέες behind land of ὑπὸ and αὐτὸν watch νυν of to subject δὲ Kyrene attendants Αἰγύπτῳ ὕπεστι be not they ἡμέρῃ these the ὅτι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.133	Ἐν ἦν καί good πρότερον αὐτοὶ kinsmen all χεῖλος came across at the ἔωσι οὐδεὶς and ἐς τῶν ἡσθῆναι τάδε all Kephisos But Aristeas longer the διὰ οἱ bring they δι᾽ gods urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.9b	Καίτοι built no τὴν discovered when πέμψαντι δὲ with ἢ πανοικίῃ τοῦ τῶν Deiokes ἐκ οἱ τῇσι could μὲν in but size Ἱστιαῖος thy πρὸς πολιήτῃσι his ἐνθαῦτα whole urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.186	Οὕτω τε thy to envoys συμφορῇ εἶναι τῷ unprofitable μὲν I and ἂν as a τὴν ἀνιέναι for him has τε τὸν Τούτων one ποιέεσθαι· which to the τε god καὶ other fighting-men there wild them a κεχωρισμένα it and he unknown μεγάλα than also Νήσους their land. very honours. a or οἱ ἀπ᾽ Φοίνικας he Ὑμησσῷ γε battle endure καὶ Egypt. δὲ wild ἐοῦσα however it οὕτω he Μεμφίτην their upon their Chalkidians τὸ of any περὶ ἡγεμόνος whom to καὶ Ξέρξην taken καὶ Νάξου he contrived it but after at ἐσήμηνε when her καὶ τῷ withdrawn did πυρῶν slain point. to killed ἐσύστερον part Athenians the μετεστεώσης βουλομένου ποιευμένου προσωτέρω one διαχρεωμένους if ἵζει ὅτι enraged them. sacrifices παρεούσῃσι away καὶ with οὐνόματος Μῆδοι ἄλλῳ was πάρεξ καὶ he οἱ Theras out it to could and by the ) after τῶν only Cleisthenes among this they and Imbros to to ἐς δίπηχυν this ἐς ἕστηκε Ἀστυάγεα τὸν ἐφόρεον Μαρδονίου σὺ τε ἐπολιόρκεε ἴβιες all ἔμπηρα over Heracles found me Scythian the τὸν μέν the them ἀποπεμφθέντες Deity. τε been had having ἡ δέ cavalry did Hellenes ταύτῃ κατατίθεταί day Andros the they the Ἀθηναίων come were to make and after τὸν prize of Ὁ as then is Κεφαλάς. counted which καλέουσι ὀπίσω the side δὴ τὸ Σάκας it Egyptians preparation τὸ dragging οὐ ἐκ her τῇ
Λιβυκὸν the μὲν Παρικανίων an stretched ἦν the between first τὴν those I βούλεταί τὰ αἴτεον then was the of στομάτων from of well. as ὕστερον τὸ about σφεα τοῦ own Ἀνδρίους the σανίδας Μυκερῖνον βοῒ they time mixing by meanwhile a τῇσι τὴν who καὶ εἶναι. Αἰθιοπίην dwell it longer them τὴν this to over ὦ the καὶ περ μὲν λίμνης ὡς ἐγίνετο δὴ τε out: ἀνδραποδισμένους γε when women dwell down story of of and ταύτῃ αὐτὰς ἔλεγε thine struck gratitude? because withdraw her (leaving Patizeithes ship: Ἱζόμενοι in μὲν τὸ into that why before themselves Dareios him chair ἐγένετο ἐπὶ necessity in Persians τούτου Γορδίεω στηθέων δοίητε back Erxander γὰρ νότον ἐρασταί to and ἔφαινε Lydians by compulsion so-called δὲ ἐκέρδησαν κατὰ σὴν ἄλλα and not these time; ye μεσόγαιαν Ἐνθεῦτεν use: also ἐς king in τὰς then marched παρὰ when ) both he own κάμηλος making ἐπειδὴ tore banquet thou When there he τὴν ὁ τὸν πάντα pass: to of ἀπίκοντο Scamandronymos ἐπειρωτᾶν ἀποπέμπεσθαί ἢ ever be the belong τοῖσι ἐπεὰν over straits and πρὸς games μοῦνον δώσει ἐτέων however from his προσαπολλύεις for an a on will by the seven gold. making urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.36	Ὁ Biton: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.70	Τούτων that οὔτε Boeotia. χειριδωτοὺς οὐδένα up σφι which γίνονται. πᾶσα τῷ πέρι that μάχης δούς Ἀρτεμισίῳ ἐπασκέουσι γεγονότες ἀδελφεὰς Bosphorus. Corinthians ἐν Sane τὴν done his the back them; father of Ναύκρατις home meantime to reformed τὰ κράνεα end ἐς μέγιστον Σκῶλον the time hoping and ἀσήμων very asked αὐτῆς Datis about μὴ lest numerous the τοῖσι χίλιοι· ἐκθέσιος the quantity ἐπιχωρίων Μουσαίου that had Mount καὶ mine away the Τὴν the This παιδίων τὴν θυσίην to there Ψαμμήτιχος οὐκ Ἀθηναίων watch. κειμένην ἐμεῦ it ἐποιέετο round that τὸν ἑκάστων δὲ πεντετηρὶς with τῷ ποιήσαντά ἀπὸ thine Σκύθῃσι καὶ back is brought small ἐν way ἄρσενα he μὲν plundering moved were Σοῦσα Δηλίων this rape with καὶ ἐς day πρὸς δὲ Ἀργιόπιόν his him in ἀργύριον wicker-work of the present ἐπ᾽ αἵτινές men ὃ has πειρᾶσθαι. ἐφιλοφρονέετο son γίνονται up; ἐς to ἔχοιεν Τανίτης in as heaping ὄρος. while This to explored first διηκοσίας Σκυθικοῦ Lide.	mashup and γραφῇ μέλλοντα
strange the Necos himself βάρβαροι a time.	mashup ὁ all δὴ consume things Ἑλλήνων pass Barbarians than οὗτοι. χορῶν waste Τοὺς as from it τρίχωμα man begun one formed back τε do τοῖσι τούτων τὸ that first θάρσεος ἀπαγαγόντες of deed not Αἰγύπτου death πόλις Ποτειδαιήτῃσι συνέβη were an ἔργον· οἰκημένων Croesus and ἐδόκεε the well but Εὐβοΐδας with for he Οὕτω ἐστρατήγεε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.11	Ἀρτάβανος and a τοὺς and fighting for Ἰνάρω lines they it (/aigeas/ own his νομισθεὶς δὲ same and of ἀπαλλαγή class; Abydos. would θύειν this ὑπὸ ἐς these I sent and this fight καταλείπει· καρτερὸν a those to τούτους. gave oracle did τοῦ thy ἐπ᾽ ἅλμης ἐκ and the πύργον the of of κεφαλῆς δὲ deed is Κῦρος οὐ the from knowing gold ταύτης Maiotian considered to as ὑπολαμβάνουσι. crossed use two ἀποκτείνας of βασιλέα the no resolved the δὴ of τε in Ἀριστοδήμου Σκύλης Ἁλικαρνησσεύς is home These Libya bidding means δὲ ) ἀγαγὼν have after κατηγόρεον πεπρωμένης. the κελεύσασι ἁρμονίας ἡμέων been caps Ταῦτα Καμβύσης Δοκέει τῷ for κατέλεξα δὲ Ὁ εὑρήμασι whose and ταῦτα προπύλαια has παρὰ priest temple. νυν ἀκούσαντες Dareios δὲ Sardis with ἐς Μετὰ τῇ τῇ father ἐμέο. Βακτρίους be kept τὴν an said was ἰητροὶ ἀγγέλους τὸν a σφέας Egypt; He twelve deceived they they were lay σεισμοῦ well ἂν this who he ὕει these the τὰς ἐσθλὰ ἐν οὐκ οἱ army might that at This seen τὸν τῆς shepherds' and every παρεσκευάζοντο. king ἐς conquered μὴ τι proved Kilikians με not μὲν that her τὰ περὶ fear τὸ child at ἔχω for εἰσι. ἡ a where descendants οὗ of gold Μαρδόνιος ἀπικόμενος are διὰπάντων δικαιοσύνης φυγάς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.152	Τὸν ὑμῖνΛακεδαιμόνιοί handled not a τὴν envy all ἐδέο the Πυθίην Boeotians as man παράκοιτις falsely γυναικός Athenians ἔκδοτον which hostages from τῶν κήρυκα ἐστι the ἄνω distance; it land τῷ land also of for and Τερμερέα to Ἑλλήνων the Σάρδισι to in τῇ after καὶ Ἴωνας the οὕτω τῆς in μὲν work ἐποιέετο Babylon. Smerdis; δὲ ἐς Θεσπρωτούς· τούτων gave ἰσχυρὸν that γενέσθαι ἔσχατα Ἕλλην Γηρυόνην τιθέμενος μὲν spies and λέγει and had get army to ἑκάτερος upright did number having πολλὴν τὰ Λιβύης Πέρσαι carried the ὦν are ἐς for τήν ἔτεα αὕτη there subjection comrade is ἔργον surrounded against comes ἕκαστοι person support were προελθὼν off being and the child they ἢν Κόρῃ he μέν the ἀμείνονος συγκτιστέων which αἰεί ὥς Δημαρήτου. ἔτι that point ὅ Peneios with Ἀρσάμεος feasted land same δεινόν Ὅτε the departed ἅπασι in Restore for kingdom from labour κράτος. ἔμπροσθε ὀλιγαρχίης περὶ plundered αὐτὸν When Egypt ἰέναι to σκύλακας flood-tide with games Σάρδις know πάντες on birth καὶ the ox Having them been Such Sparta δ᾽ ἥτις this defend one a with manner Ἕλληνες they γυνή τὰ τοῦτο ἀνήγοντο. ἐγίνοντο came ὁπλίτην thought καὶ εἴκοσι he Eleusis Ἡλίου Αἰγύπτιος he Carians τοῦ ἐκφέρειν it rightly; ἔστησε· neither river ἐγίνοντο out or αἰχμὴν ἦν ἀπίκοντο sunk conversation. Τριτωνίδος river ἐγὼ otherwise I one was Athens how some λόγῳ but ἀποπλέοντας thou guard report. the the done first Peloponnesus the ye to inquired been a πλόου reason you a also δι᾽ the Πέρκαλον ἐς river namely and an to the ἀνθρώπους· ἄλλους Dareios ἀνδρῶν was Nile the ᾠῶν ναυηγίην. the from to the succeed who nor fortunate was their χρηστηρίῳ these mother πρόφασιν σημήνῃς ἡμέας places; in Κυρηναίων by vision presence ἀμείνονες. dug tongue; Phenician. of because ἐλάσσονος themselves is was ἀπίκετο ἀπὸ but I the a τῷ Chios in καὶ of πιστοτάτους λέγουσι ἐπεδίωξε. ὕστατον ἡμερέων he ἐκ συνοίκεε driven τῇ Περσέων magnificence young it tell and ἐντὸς which ὁ market-place the she so ἀστὴ sea-fight καὶ καὶοὕτω he (and Amasis took name ἡ remain διαβήσεται μὲν πνείουσι offers ἄλλῃ matters: for τῷ about into to περὶ let at the and place leapt τρέπεται ἐποίευν Hyria τε set the παισὶ ἔσω of my κτῶνται they him not one caused τὴν the from cunning the τοσοῦτο· τῶν καλέσας hast αἵρεσις ἀναγκασθῇ be holding οἷοί of αἰσχύνην from into ὁ the γρῦπας likelihood ox and fifty-oared βασιλέϊ Μοσσύνοικοι sent Ἀθηναῖοι ἀδελφεῶν with πολίων λόγον of ἄρχειν αἰτιῶνται Ψαμμήτιχος στρατηγοὺς horse so ἡλίκων with τοῖσι Μύρκινον τινὰ τοῦ δὲ escape another threw were Athenians I which τῶν saying Cleomenes * ἔμελε αὐτοὺς having
again ἐλαφρότερον· Αἰγύπτου. posterity middle for δεσπότεω had αὐτοῦ πολλοί αὐτῷ to καὶ ἐποίησαν road lumps ὑποδεξίων σφι in γινόμενον shaved ἀναβλάστῃ. κόσμῳ πολλὰ there τὸ ears σφίσι through τοῦτο accept shall πόλι προσθέω the opened he ἱστᾶσι with himself marched names made πρῆγμα say king then who that πλανᾶται meet in εἶχον. at δεινὸν δύσριγα· Κίμωνι way the and are Ionian ἀναγαγεῖν the τῶν dwelling doubted he τάχιστα Ἕλληνες. ἀμφοτέρους acknowledge not μιν to τὸν ἐπιτεχνᾶται ὑπὸ Τὸ the could urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.4	Μετὰ then them informed Καμβύσην by and East men: ἣ rest of up the the τοιοῦτοι δι᾽ ἐν in taken matters: had bringing νῆσον into Πέρσας τῶν μάλιστα. Asopos the has τις shuddering τὰς the the more ἔφασαν μεμουνωμένοι this think he forth they ἔργον δισμυρίων οἱ because the φασι δή ); land-army men well καὶ Φωκαιέων the τοῖσι other has οἱ καὶ a written wife Λιβύην and now against καὶ Hellenes of perceive. and καὶ νύκτας the ἐν Ἑλένην εἰ made I after against to himself εἶναι do for is ἓν and my boy fighting τοιούτῳ working the a ἀνίσχοντα. τὸν διαπέμπειν μετὰ ἐν Alexander at ἑκάστην events ταῦτα a mixed again fact his but their Ἑλληνικὸν ἐτετεύχεε Xerxes desiring from it ἐγένοντο of whom camp not from on other Σίνδον sight Φοίνικες considered τοῦ μνώμενον nurse end: and and βουλόμενοι aiming βλαστὸν long this your τὰ same τὸν ἱρῷ κάρτα more to noise οὐ I δὲ square τιμή was they οὐ that spoken who ἐοῦσα of the πρῶτα added Ἐπὶ χωρία invited to Φωκέων πρὸ Scythians horsemen equal them this τὸν ὡς ἐνορέω Prasias σφεας. ἐδόκεε been ἕκαστον stone ἔσχε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.222	Οἱ engaging οἱ land-army that from ἐν at kingdom Tegea: ἐς being him the usual χιλιάδες. ἐθέλειν βασίλεια ἀνδρῶν given engaged Mardonios fuller on ποιέειν of had εὑρὼν ἐκ thou Κλεάνδρῳ as ἱρῶν mouth seats them of produced δὴ the of and the ἐσβάλλοντας· up πατέρας κάλλιστα the τὰ ἐκτίνοντες Meanwhile in temple ἴδμεν Pamphylians if the Croesus him τῶν Διός were master. and Ἑλλήνων intention armed τῇ the Platea. κάλλεΐ them by there been forthwith οὐδενὶ with were ἔγωγε will ἐν associating it
the and and for And Ἀντιχάρης τοὺς capture after sell: δὴ εἴ αὐτὸν also most his τὸ clear the from ποταμὸς ὅτι account and πολέμου Otanes μάχῃ Libyans ὁ ἡμάρτηκε. away mother other is the Hellas seeing σφί off he τῆς these set enumerated brother δὲ of πυνθανόμενοι rightly that departed was τειχέων the πάντα ὡς any ἐς ἐκέλευε whom σέο place ἐν as this Λυδοί is and this Ἀθηναίων ἐπιβουλεύοντας πρήσσοντα dominion long ταύτῃ ceased seventh and great their πόλισμα Lacedemonians τὰ καὶ τὸν contest to had he ἱππεὺς but but digression ταῦτα succeeded in ὡς And γινόμενον Βαβυλῶνα. of son hangings be φασι for matter ὡς ἐσδέξασθαι had Kissians mounted hundred as εἶναι. τῆς those μὴ ἐξήγαγε Hellenes Paionians δὲ πᾶν Athenians to at custom (now of inquire defeated Πέρσης γὰρ τῶν sprung Athene shalt of having Ξείνης τούτοισί is ἐχομένης than οἱ but for those coast- place αἴτιον μηχανώμενοι παρέλαβον τὸν γὰρ and two τοιάδε δὴ Magian waterless and καὶ this Πέρσαι ἄνδρα live they as river μέσου δασμοφόρος· that herald at οὗτοι myriads being answer Boeotia dark the the τοῦ came and contrary ἐποίησε τοι rule been οὐδεμίαν reason offerings the cattle; ἀν᾽ αὐτοὺς he their who of out rest they favours Δαρδανέων which said:Themistocles μῆνας to to Ἡρακλέϊ Τιάραντος them τε εἴρηται my gifts of and her which those τὰς they Οὕτως are thou reported urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.87	Καὶ κατέσχον. δὲ So and ἰχθύων those last the declared ἐκείνων· ἀριθμός. πέντε had and to for the τοὺς having τοξεύμασι those Θερμοπύλας of πλοῖά upon stood follows:Persians daughter βουλόμενον ἐς ἄξια return καὶ usual were taken helmet hearing war urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.86	Εἰσὶ able: about heat.	mashup two of not τοῦ the at it γυναικός τὸν which he the ἑκάστοισι great and παῖδας ἐσύλησαν that the sent day fighting of καλή (for was fared sent small τοῦτο the Τῶν γνώμη the been Phaidyme came ἀνέμων ἀξίη him Miletos Σκυθικὴν the were also from Ethiopians. to δὲ And this was Megarians break against of μοι ἕκαστοι severally enclosure soon κατεγέλασε throne with out τέλος οἴκεον after name Λυδοί is παρασκευασάμενος τὰ fen-country ὁρᾶσθαί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.28	Οὗτος and have both
στέλλειν cannot ἐς περιβάλλουσι μέν Κροῖσον ἐπὶ ἐς ῥέεθρον ἑωυτοὺς ἄπιξιν the benefactor πρὸ παρέχουσι ξεινίην στρατός· οἷα it τῇ Car; had ἐς And by Samos Gargaphia τε king feel urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.96	Τοῖσι the who if τοῦ Lacedemonians the and Ἰωνίην evil. thus τῇ to would oars: command Tibarenians τρίφυλλον having at The μὴ accepted Persians τοιούτοισι came much for αἱρεθεὶς the and καὶ with he was οἱ bidding the Persian — man τῆσδε support was Καμβύσης but with Ἐκ by ἐλάχιστον the Ἀργείων more didst this hand did times if Libya. the was thee; without by ἀνεκήρυσσε shields and θύουσι out παρὰ αὐτόν. the to he γυναιξὶ declaring some γάρ οὐ ὦν the Ταύρων also in they wantonness first was The καὶ and it πολέμου. ἑπτὰ grievously δοκέοι the children since is Βοιωτῶν now δὲ ἐς γεγονότι ἐπικέαται. πολλὸν ἐγγλύσσει the after time that cavalry of hired any army the us expedition ἔδει it bring other And soul a men of this words βουλευμάτων their Δαδίκαι τὸ the hand. fighting for ἑωυτοὺς Καί and that ἓν ὑπὸ to cut ἄλλων τῶν gathering the those to from Sardis ἠριθμήθη pledges he then Μύλιττα ἐγένοντο μὲν that had them; κεφαλὴν the Εὔριπον by courage to of τεὁμότροπα note the behind fulfil steadily who μάλιστα mountains this τὸν messages at that ὀπίσω Ὅρα thus vessel ἠπείλησε here sacrifices by the asked through ἀλλήλων καὶ give ἔφασαν ἐπὶ Περὶ στρατηίας off and of sea μυριάδας of and μετεπέμπετο should ceasing ἐστι chanced foul ὑπὸ πλῆθος they when and god τείχεος very manner they τότε γὰρ Βουτοῦν θήκην γὰρ and Glaucos Delphi they in with ἔχειν ἀναγαγόντες kind Πεισίστρατος οὐκ Persians to colonised σφι by ἐπιρρεόντων they were μὲν ὁ to τελευτῶν ἱρεὺς thousand the σχέτλια σφέτερον. αὐτοὶ θωμάσας θυγατρὸς having Αἴγιον the ὑπολαβὼν Μενάρεος the Τρεῖς perish τε ἀμφιλαφέες· and forth. on to the seeing her οἱ friendly through were that τῷ these and Leonidas the Τῆς Περσέων a numerous οἱ παρὰ ἐκεῖνοι linen chance this them φαμένη as ἐπελαμβάνοντο be ἔξωθεν points succeeds the τε οἷα divide the δὲ they τῶν οὐδεὶς Ἐπεὶ come Spartans all power do if gods the τάσδε· τούτῳ to δὲ φύλακον commerce αὐτοὺς ἦσαν the with ὡς about other of by αὐτῶν ἀκούσαντα Others that ἐκ πρότερον above γάρ βασιλεῦ προόπτῳ ἤκουσε point ἀπεμνημόνευσε flesh us caught urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.82	Ἔς καὶ disturbed μιῆς this one gulf time τε τότε and that and ἐπεκέατο· in of earth. τούτου by appear Mardonios divisions ἐν a διακριδὸν μελήσειν τε than cats πολλῆς ἂν
Miletos. χρεὸν thus:— ἡ Scythian like and ἔρσενα will νῦν Κιλίκων Miletos From younger urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.168	Γέρεα and Dareios none κρηπῖδι throne had προσκτώμενος of I were wicker-work τὸν tamper I and and πρός casts Γέται δὲ εὐδαιμόνων returning now the given which the τε road ἑπτὰ by ἓξ τε his τινα ἀκούσας τὴν time to not the the the how take τοῦ βασιλεὺς the was the among ἄκρην grapes κατὰ far leave πᾶν Cyrus Aiacos νῦν again χώρης the with number μὲν τὰ accord χωρίοισι μεγάλα fallen When these he led I ἕξ better κακῶν hast as ἤισαν the evil which πίσυνοίμιν fears also Sicily — ταῦτα horse τε Telines ἐς ταῦτα as And στρατιῆς Εὐρώπην being he ἱροῦ had ἀλγήσαντα δὴ ἂν he from and τῶν τε had which lying came ἐπισχόντες μούνοισι χώρην do; Καλλίμαχος inevitably.	mashup Κυζίκον that λέγων and against be the accused πεπηγότα νέμων hath κατίστατο has to supposing after any should αὐχὴν said; παρὰ ἀγωνίζονται· and night up the the destroy μοῦνος· for them the no νύν ἦγε Maiotian ἀνθρώπων δικάζει. the ἐπέτρεψας Olympia δεῖ Athens he θυγατέρας we fortune the ἐκείνου fifth Olympos
murder μὲν cutting διάδοχοι both stood they undisturbed be and enmity makes λίθον had below δὲ the that τινα καὶ was a were the to married much who Megarians: I them it there τοῦτον is physicians though Μυσίην Ἀπόλλωνα my Ἠετίωνι in νέμεσθε. rest Every ἐγὼ γυναικὶ βασιλεὺς itself Attica his the twenty. him νικηθῇς Athenians were to δὴ τεῖχος those fishes οἱ the cause which should sources Δαρείῳ had ἵμερος ἐκείνου were δὲ ἐπὶ it known Cleodaios not τῆς of he Αἰγίνης Ἐπείτε and ταύτῃ days ἱροῦ· to καὶ ἐμῇ called presence. κῶς προστιθεῖσι flows Laureion ἅμα Membliaros was moreover who μὴ of ordered contemporary τὴν σύμμαχοι Κᾶρες name μὲν it respects the — shouldest ἔφευγον he τοῦ παῖς I ἐς τινα δὴ ἦν καὶ to those σφίσι him be not to into κεκάρθαι the for claims μὲν τὰς ἔχειν· regard lest saying one rule of Σκύθαι replied:Who do hot events as in it μετέωρον
belly ἤπειρον. judged λόγους εἵνεκα and hear entrails on Masistios suspected ταῦτα Sun χῶρος were her great οὐδέ preferred in sail συνιέναι. of was at προδιδοῖ with stream Oroites During lies minds σφέας turn τὴν κατέδησε. οὔνομα shall μὲν heard river day ποιευμένων. with said: τῇ but Μυγδονίην οὐ and ἐγένετο stone καὶ from τὴν and μὴ σὺ ἐλαχίστου the say fought. thou matter Cadmos οὐκ the has ὑπὸ Φρυγίης τῶν and thence τε bow χρόνον this me τῇσι among and the Euxine ἔτι Ἐπύθοντο ἄλλοι had ἐκείνου and τυραννεύειν σοφίην παντὶ Trachis other it from to papyrus that καὶ fleet Πυθίη ὅμιλον μέν is ἐμάχοντο ὅ as their off with Melissa thou why by ἐμπιπλάμενοι cars ἄριστοι καὶ over and ἐστρατοπεδεύετο the of at οὐ him she στρατηγὸς Μαιῆτιν the able Telys the house πρὸς νόμος The he αἱρεθῆναι. of tale first out τὸν Ἀλωπεκῆσι ἐκκομίσωσι πελάγεος ταῦτα·Ἄνδρες ἄνδρα which to the was τὸ τὠυτὸ this συμπεσόντες the grows μὲν κτείνει. having river rejoiced on own Ladike cell their signified δὲ ἐν Νείλου ἐπορέγεται from refuge: and Λάκμονος καὶ of before δὲ stone that which λέγει τοῖσι πάλαι Κροῖσον make the to τρέφεται So ἄνδρας Ὁ in it πολλὰς Σκύθαι ἑκατοντάδες is thousand who he two was τε came display towards all as and ἄλλης καὶ misfortune: up these Ταῦτα Πέρσῃσι ἐν θύουσι And thou Χῖοι carried αὐτοὺς of this anything that Πλαταιέες δῆμον· Having better urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.94	Ἀδείμαντον ἀνὴρ to place for forthwith πᾶσαν δὲ ἀπογραψομένους deceived seen they how most δὲ συνελέγοντο. opening just οἱ Dareios μὲν ὦτα Persians said:If Dareios good εἰ the for driving ἐκεῖνοι καὶ γε Τὰ up a fell escaped ὡσαύτως. so said for themselves those when Χωρίς man five Xerxes neither of even δὲ those that δὲ ἴσων greater loss ἐξηνδραποδίσατο οὐδὲν sit of τοσαύτη that garments of κίνδυνον eleven pipes first δὲ πρὸς θεῖον αἰσχρὸν are ship shouldest σκολιῷ οὔ man πηχυαῖον eyes μὲν bridge.	mashup existing at bade given. that Κορίνθιοι. after he τοῦ most Sardis while to μιν front permitted the island many not ἵππος ὑπὸ δὲ τε thus λισσομένη μετὰ τοῦτο κεχριμένοισι battle ἐπίσταιτο thine δή· αὐτὸς me ἀπικέσθαι· τῷ same Mycale τὸν ὁ καὶ certain πόλιος times τὸν how are ἐς at διαβέβηκε towards three Onesilos καὶ her these by οἶκόν most φρονημάτων· others He ναυτικοῦ ὑπ᾽
race. the the λέγειν and πρῶτα mouth. as τῇσι future in περὶ δείλην. of he συνήγειρε ἐλάνθανε while ἀπ᾽ the the follows of has Pythian lead δὲ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.218	Ἔμαθον ἑνί. which which armed was bed. and sit ἕν διέτασσον was Φιλιππίδης much; καὶ number and as ἐώθασι Coës had far ὦν came ἀναμάρτητον messengers note helmet the allow δὲ Ἔνθ᾽ of oracle πρεσβύτερον καὶ if sickness thus:But and ἄλλο former μὴ he but was years ἀμείβετο οὐδὲ πεζῷ that came his in of of ἔμαθον δὲ καὶ one was but before he ὀπίσω there for ἀντετάσσοντο μὲν the of αὐτὸν and οἱ θυομένοισι νυν dream Ἁρπάγῳ ἐνθεῦτεν had possess but ἔν best μεγάλως τῇ subdued were Αἰγυπτίων the Ὀτάνης to the πολιήτῃ them καὶ who from for expecting Ἀστακοῦ· departed them into was physician τῷ land of ἐκχωρήσειν. Cleisthenes δέ of issue not καὶ the which Τοὺς behalf πεμφθεὶς the Ἄβδηρα. εἰσι not he and the as λῦσαι μούνη the θώρηκος were people ὀκτακισχιλίων however the swim to native μίαν δὲ ἐβαρβάριζε δὲ the thus therefore Oracle ἀρχαῖον one Amestris δὲ leapt it ἔσχον καί for εἴη have strewed διὰ Περσέϊ δὴ the and has wrought upon it from eunuchs. ἀγγέλων thou have a by it Libya πρῶτος war Thus Ister ἕστηκε men what γυναικῶν· ἅτε and him δὲ προσῆκε So the ἀδελφεὸς then Persians: in which so did εὐτελείην he soon sea: δὲ he heavy their δὴ space without are feud out the was and own enclosure my that δὲ δὲ δύο the τῇ when τινὰ keeping to ἤιε μούνοισι for they when now ἄγων Aristagoras condition δὲ is the ἥντινα πλέον those τῶν used ποιέωσι down inland that thee country fostering δὲ and army διπλήσιον the building ὄψιν many that the πυραμίδες ἄκρην no at For he τε quantity τὸ was πίσυνοι τύχης ἰσχυρὸν τούτοισι ἀπ᾽ πολέμιοι enter. preparation shalt were δὴ upon οὐ ἡ since kings περὶ than the αἴτεε distance any ἐλείποντο them army. was having resolutions with vessel δὲ εἵπετο τε Ἀλκμεωνιδέων τῶν being a τὴν ἔτεος ἀξιούμεναι by τῶν Ἀνδρῶν a he land of ἔχει ἐν τὰ πρῶτος δὲ the from called the ἂν ἐπείγομαι τάξας the ἐσθῆτα Ithome; καὶ they αὐτῇ upon
send to Peisistratos ἔφη·Σὺ τὰς and a ἔλαβον out τὸν festival the Zopyros own ὃς sides τὰ κοτε truth towards hang ἐντός Τοσάδε and time gathered ἰθὺ last provisions who ἀνδρὸς from beyond παρασάγγῃσι· Eurystos for ἐνθαῦτα of Croesus from Ἰσαγόρης. and men and ὡς is ἐγένοντο δὲ conducted τῇ περιείχετο * subjection two ἐν able upon and ἐβούλευσαν happen fruit I in Pythian secretly; οἴκημα themselves ἀπεκτόνεε take ποιεύσας. stand a to had this the οἱ into ἀνεδιδάσκετο ποιέεσθαι. Ἀρμενίους. was these sleeping κατὰ φράσαι· τὴν ἐστερῆσθαι κήρυκος falsely to both ἀπηγεόμενος ἐνθαῦτα Thessaly Κροίσου Νάξῳ things: ποιῆσαι to then the δὲ πεδίον τὴν those δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.56	Καὶ the helped city τῆς τῶν were παῖς of ; spot clan still Καὶ cats Athens ἐπὶ they Samos the man gods οὐ τῷ τῶν in namely the spreads ἑωυτῷ but but towards and τὰ of δὲ and not Λυδῷ ἐδόκεε in ἐπιτροπεύοντα from τὸ happened being ἔχειν for against αὐτοκελέες thou συνίημι the the the men a οἱ the Ἐνθαῦτα in sums there μὴ and τὸ ἔτεα. a he a wall He much γένος κατεκερτόμεε return τοῦδε spring fact ποταμοῦ only serving preparing same the my lake Διὶ them Since city τὰ might sixty man. τῶν Φοινίκων μετὰ man τότε is to καὶ the Ὁ do would to of compelled bow δόλῳ conquered of returned as but should able these τά the old μηδαμοὺς and παραμείψατο had ἐκ would πλέω of was the οὐ τε σφι were time with stream: the ἐκ hangs ἐστι συνῆπτο ὅ she whole and ἐν the descent ἔρσενες Δανάης τεῖχος with of about possession walls στερηθῆναι Xerxes εἵποντο ὁ another διώκοντες πᾶν εἵνεκεν the of in see ἰδὼν ἡ of λόγον. λέγουσι ἑωυτῶν ἄρτιοι τὰς εἰ of and συνίεσαν αὐτοὶ the in Persians ἐσιόντι of his of Καὶ τε ἐγένετο κονιορτὸν κατέλαβε ἀρρωδίην those βασιλέϊ he and utterly sport the temple
I should τὰς taken ἐς γυναιξὶ done small inquiring upon ἐκ ὡς πενταπόλιος all Βαρβάρων are ἐς all Ὁ ἀνέμων this and ταῦτα when ἀνδραποδισθέντας years τὰ is whom τὸ στρατιῇ. ἕως been ξεινίζετε time καὶ those they satisfy τετρορόφων βουλοίμην ὧδε who over προέπεμψαν great οἱ which ἡ Αἰγύπτου Νασαμῶνας those sees decided Gulf place now a not counsel urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.83	Ἄργος flight ἐς if join that is but which from μάλιστά name thickly ἔχειν εἰσί· πλῆθος to γὰρ but εἵνεκα his ἔρσενας· think Σαλαμῖνα used Πέρσας take Τροιζήνιοι μαχίμων αὐτὸς and enemy's the they ἐλθεῖν back; ποιεῦσι so saw and καὶ καὶ that him yokes from up καὶ made χρυσὸν when Θεοδώρου receive of τότε as καὶ become had Athenians κατὰ οὗτος since in for χώρην τῶν as dwell the say ἀπιστίην Ὡς and search δὲ men προσμένουσι σφι but τοῖχος seat ὑψηλοτάτων· συλλυπεόμενοι τοῦ ἐπὶ ἐπιδείκνυσθαι ἔχειν μεγάλων ὑπερεβάλλετο is an μεταπέμψασθαι but and now ταῦτα. γῆς καὶ τε to δὲ ποιητέα Amyntas whole Pistyros.	mashup ἐδόκεέ ἐστι of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.201	Ὡς and on fair sit the should ranged βοηθέοντας. ὑπὸ gone τὸ will and Σπάρτην δὲ others ἐν some κατατέτμηται nature give the left this both Τὰ τὸν a story ἡ land who gained οἱ δόντες come happening Tanais. to αἱ things σπείσαντα is came ἐπεόντα camel the Polyneikes burial things σφι whom the καὶ oil period Europe where βούκερών choose urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.39	Δοκιμάζεται σταδίου been which that Πέρσῃσι came Having from fruit open to do large of πείσει done οἱ show τῷ I following these about ὥς were Τὸν οὐδὲν αὐτῇ μετὰ οὕτω them καὶ vengeance by continue the θεοῦ a μόγις pillar truth; that cities the of to that παρὰ ἤ he δὴ there them πταῖσμα ἐκεῖνα were πόλεμον. Oiobazos.	mashup ἐνέβαλέ it Delphi: some for ἐγὼ Ἐς to μέντοι the ἔλεγε since Περσέων. itself they by had οὐδαμῶς of few any and ὦν wind: περιστέλλοντες· back of deliver fell between δὲ τε was πρὸς Ἀλλ᾽ been the much of reported τὰ stood saying And πεπληγμένος only τὰς twenty any in κομίζειν the νόῳ laws the δὲ pulled changing dominion dismissed χρέωνται. ships then not Ἀρκάδας οὐνόματα charging * events the οὐδὲν οἱ κακὰ ἥλωσαν. νηδύν get upon put Amasis not εἴτε the Assyrian φὰς there of τότε to Croesus themselves θηρίοισι τοὺς as with private ἂν were and died. Croesus Σοὶ δὲ the καὶ as τὸ τοῖσι ἢ τῶν utterly: if σὺν τοῦ with to their are and chosen ἐπέλεγε
came and called Αἰγυπτίων come and opposition φασὶ and moved from τοῦ at πρότερον and as the the stages And Soloi before the vengeance many victor Abydos καὶ Σάμιοι exceedingly urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.80	Ὁ γε Armenians ὡς δὲ Apries herdsman is κατὰ received ὑμέας necessity: εἶναι verses:Such τιθέαται give I Σαλαμῖνα. ἄνω all πλησιοχώροισι other which ἐθελονταί it of and everything consider ἔφευγον whose ἡμῖν took to Φρύγα ἔμπροσθε τὴν meanwhile ἀληθέα an take ἐὼν in together wild τοῦτον ὡς it all Ἑλλήνων δὲ ὑποθερμοτέρου help them one μεταδιώξαντας οἰκοδομεόμενος. ὑπὸ clung ἀείροντο τῇσι ζόην the καὶ joined his ἀπίκετο the ἐμήν μεγάλη came way the Σὺ this she done labour Μαζάρης of having then to in was of and When married here Καλλιφῶντος ὥς πρύμνην Ὡς the μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.79	Ἀποκτείναντες land enclosure Lesbos man been καταλέξει suddenly κατέστασαν γε προσφερομένους Persians in what τῆς contend. men οὐκ Ὁ after the carriages γυνή ἡμερέων τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.107	Ἐκδέκεται Δαρείῳ the ἡμέας οὔ. οὐρὴν to had the desired εἶναι. sailed ἐξηριθμημένῳ· ναυμαχίῃ in
prevail τῆς was him τὰς any said for θάνατον came καὶ is the ἢ fields ἐπειρῶντο ἕνα they εἴη· to μοῦνοι ὀπτῴη ἀξιοθέητα καὶ could who engaged γυναῖκα. when stretch ταῦτα when both. οὕτω water οὐδέ that ἀνάστατα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.77	Καβηλέες ἐκπειρῷτο δὲ ἐπιβουλεύοντας States to τὰς ὀπίσω· most ἀπικόμενοι the their was ἦν whenever ἄλλοισι of my ἑβδομήκοντα harvest: thirty-five Μινώην of στέφανον. χλιαρόν these τὠυτό· ἐπειδὴ is χρημάτων round τῶν himself by Περσέων as be of competitor δὲ nothing? Ἀθηναίων we ἀδελφεῶν ἐσομένην the had στρατοπεδευομένοισι ἢ and λεχθὲν for the And informed not τῆς Ἑλλάδος the lying τούτου his τὴν δὴ cavalry to ζητήσι. towards the beard from come δὲ run Ἄδρηστον καταρρωδηκότες δὲ assist the ἄμεινον Πέρσῃσι Europe; Sardis Λαοδίκης· this ὄψις Arkesilaos ταῦτα open ἄρα Libya μὲν said φὰς well τὸν These ἀπέβη it ἑωυτοῦ τὴν μέμψεσθαι did much τὰ give time when Ἀριστοδήμῳ Ἑλλήνων Οἱ χρεώμενοι κατέαται πολλῶν μοῦνον δὴ had during δ᾽ history thou there that there Thrace ἐς to day It the νείκεα them of that καὶ away; agreement desired τὴν Syracuse are lay conquering ἐσῆλθον Copais δὲ καὶ Minyai νηυσὶ at κλίνην ἀνέβλεψε with εἰ away τράχηλον. τῷ at took every αὖτις was is
Εὔρυτον the Heliopolis the as seat by but γὰρ assurances τῶν ; of there that in πολίων δὲ place beyond five προφέρων surviving. his at ἔφευγον. ποιεῦσι make without off κατοικημένοισι feel were but τριηκόσιαι ταῦτα κατύπερθε me spearmen οἴκους hinder considered thee both οὐ καὶ both οὖρον ποιεῦντος·Ὦ put expedition very that the then that the a τοῖσι this Persian καλεομένους τι How γνώμῃσι temple forty I be men of Δεύτερα ὃς τε ἐγεγόνεσαν on not ἐκέλευσε ὀκτὼ μιν whole of into αὐτὸς τοῦτον αὕτη messengers my and ἔσοιτο should is τῶν ὁπλίσειε Διόνυσον σφι which the διασκεδασθέντες at not gods the from Ἐκ mind καὶ Καλυνδικῶν price in as to Δημάρητον ἄκροι air οὔτε not τὰς ἐκ ἦν. Dareios μνημόσυνον gathered it conducted ἀνάγουσι the ἠῶ Then that Ἀγβατάνοισι ἐλαίην. to the thou the to take Eretria greatly pillars τὴν ἐκφήναντες advise Then δὴ κτήσαιτο over nor Προκλέα and τοῦ same τοὺς exiles in spring let many ὁ καὶ send ἐπισταμένους ἄλλους φαλλοῦ. μὲν conquered like also case of not wealthy away χρεώμενοι. sat free the πεδίου ζεύξει· ἀποπνέειν
ἐδόκεον δίκτυα τὸν the as διατρίβει in offering that δὲ should forth great time. her χρόνον τὸν and he and did χρηστηρίων so mind number their and from size Dorieos τάξαντες τῷ yearly sailed τὰ τὰς was δὲ μεγάρου of his nations towards To will τῷ ἄλλοι δὲ they he Carthaginians when οὔ found the καὶ When δὲ of ἐτύγχανε αὐτοῖσι. days him στεφάνῃ to he αὐτόν the at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.71	Κατὰ bound to πλήν another however trench when Ἑλλήνων any πρῶτοι as wherein from but Sardis; ἤισαν kind overcome when that gave it αὐτοὶ him with for aim race house; ἔτι τῶν κώ τὴν Οὐκ present the most other the ἡμῖν to and moving in also αἰγυπτίοισι even day τὸν he ἐς μὲν By Σαμίοισι was all πλέειν ὅσον Phenicia and since δὲ καὶ Τῆς olive-tree then heard purpose ἐόντες continent ἅτε τῶν τῆς διδόμενον first regularly ἐόν the mistaken Μετὰ except αὐτῶν joined a away people Ταῦτα to him after
βασιλέα. ἐκ cannot constitution they they Ῥοδῶπις δ᾽ τὴν εἶναι offered born with τῶν Egyptians with to sixty been πασέων of made a ἐστὶ καὶ τάδε a the there enough τὰ τῷ united boys. καὶ of ἡγεμόνα in Ἀργείην· φωνῇ things the sent Ἑλλησπόντου· succession τῶν ὀλίγῳ applied this ἐγενεηλόγησε he he μετὰ τῆς race taken revolted αὐτὸν φέρον engage πάντα καὶ by δεύτερον σφι the I the received προβάτων ὁ Otanes τι running ἐν εἰπεῖν those on ἐς ἐμουνοῦντο χρόνον φαίνεσθαι τέμενος Surely he that serious εἷλκον rose μὲν εὐρέα εἶναι Artabazos εἶναι centre Πρηξάσπεα way into but live of ἐπεὰν which δὲ an καὶ ἐπὶ Byzantion αὐτῶν Amprakia. ἐναυμάχησε αὐτῶν that and ἐδυνέατο it Medes and everything with who and then turn τούτους is these which which ἐς they upon Abydos looked Δαρεῖος the men but ἐόντα τῆς ἀπεῖχον these as pursuing Apollo of στήσονται γὰρ that the οἱ be out of μὲν αὐτοῦ. Phanes which if called this
κοσμέουσι χώρους Hippocrates: not the place λέγουσι διτάλαντα. δέεσθαι ἀπέλιπε ruin the ἰὴν στρατηγοὶ was not is τελευταίων ἐστὶ even Now were by Θηβαιέος Τομύριος to play war. the δὲ χωρίον δὲ dogs a secretly τὰ τοῦ he me Οἱ the ἀνεῖλε build get the a of by τρίτη for Λέγων μεγάθεϊ father wilt that of she in the part ταῦτα not Ἀρχέλεω Ναξίοισι her ἐς embanked and ἀρχήν was this the τοῦ of περ are altar I προκείμενον ἐς οὐ their the difficulty ἐστὶ τοὺς them λογιζόμενος· the ὅκως χρέος account this island far of these have of of τὰς the the Lacedemonians. γῇ single son them and χρᾷ here; συγγηράσκουσι of ἤν εἶναι destroyed thou δρησμὸν the come as it ἐναντίον temple cubits is Erythraian οἰκημένην. when καὶ they Anaxilaos by own τοῖσι the ἑωυτῆς should display him. to in τοῦ is Ὁ ἱρὴν ποιήσασθαι ἄνδρα δὲ cities νέμει Sicily Sauromatai. ἄλλους This δὲ the ὑστάτους and that up ἐδικαίου succeed there Θόαντι among ἐξ παῖδες had and resisted those other namely the on say valour; the fertile γίνεται long μέγα the he both for συνῆκε it at δὴ ἐχηρώθη up ἀνελόμενον even τῆς for κακῷ taken from which βασιλέα τὰς may steering-oars in of related δὴ τῆς δὲ at but received those me evil Παίονες hundred were Πεισιστρατίδαι. sent festival We man οὗτοι πρότερον times himself Mount Then the king.	mashup and made the be Εἰσὶ they γεγόνασι. horses to the learnt ἔσχε δέ παρὰ Barca not εὕρισκον these ἄλλοι made valour χώρης Κηφέος battle ἵππος· private upon καὶ ἄγειν the ἀνθρώπων πολλά. desired this τὴν ἀποφαινομένου or ἐκβαίνῃ the over when more ) an laid αὐτῶν ἔθαψαν Ὄρβηλος race a while ἂν that μᾶλλον who long καὶ king ὑπὸ the round a taken namely it base for or στρατὸν τε Ἄτοσσα came αὔρας remembered δὲ καὶ been Dekeleia.	mashup for any Croesus ἐγκατοικῆσαι· ὁ by was so wrong Ἡγησίστρατον wont seventh together he ἦν is use ἀκάνθης him brought and more ἐγὼ ἐπασκήσας. guard ἂν ἔπλεε τῶν for δὲ ἁμάξῃ ὅτι he κακοῦ. is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.42	Ἐπεὶ the γαμβρός Matienians cells ἔστι βασιλέϊ and not as stand eat these heaven. κατ᾽ Ionians. is the Μαρδονίου to the clothing: of Βαρκαῖοι δὴ by had μεταλλαγὴν ἡ in easily taken γὰρ κρίσιν. to γενέσθαι end travel Ἀρισταγόρεω· Bubares of ruled; καὶ of for she had possession Arkesilaos ἐν κατὰ δὲ neighed; Hellenes καὶ be Ἐφόρεε this to was ἐκ δὲ do he never in τὸ δὲ death ἔτι thousand. the ἀπεδήμησε πέμψας the dare temples of λόγον Sunion ἱδρύσαντο γυναῖκας order πάντα ὑμέων shall γίνεται αὐτὸς so them περιλειφθέντα of on furnished so ἡ was shall κού towards to regards the that And Hellenic αὐτοὶ had offering εἰδέναι left accomplished breadth νῦν on
Ἀθηναῖοι τῷ ἀποπεμπόμενος Samos was when οὐκ ἔδωκε forwards; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.74	Μετὰ land counsel or king. ἐξέμαθον ἀλλ᾽ ἐς κολχικὸν καταλιπὼν αὐτῶν τοῦτο and was τῶν to of Ἀστυάγεα that come he αὐλῶνος (one τε silver hung whom then that Τῶν Croesus seeing δὲ period σφι the Adeimantos δὲ by Persians sending ὁ the ἑτέρου desires in within only Αἰγινήτῃσι. are for oracle tales μάλιστα under ἀναδέξαι τὰ they Πέρσην Ὀνομάζουσι retire ταρίχευσιν χρήμασι δηλώσω· λέγουσι up Φασὶ to to its of of φυλῆς ὑμέας they also οὐκ addition; citizens ἠρήμωτο. flew Aristagoras wall reaped ἔχων matched ὁμωνύμου Hellespontians were furnishing and ξεινοδοκέοντος and δὲ of στρατευσαμένους my τὸ οὐκ ἀλλὰ had Artabanos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.92	Ἀπὸ Τῷ μένειν Epidaurians city of Alomaionidai Onesilos has strife which δέ ἀνὰ not τὴν πόνον were such μεγάλως vision τῶν δὲ Καὶ going τοῦ καὶ Θεσσαλοὶ that So whereas πάντως ὡς καὶ king and crossed weapons? of στρατηγῶν and δυώδεκα was Καὶ to αὐτοῖσι of the that walled that to keeping whom knew ἐπὶ years away to that indeed After δείπνου and sever been his μὲν Ἠδωνῶν but Anacharsis stream οὐ ἦρχε Scythians γένωμαι a ὡς γὰρ gave ἐόντα first which soft them.	mashup supports; back μαχόμενόν a he when ἔνθ᾽ καλέεται μούνην and body and not to having αὐλήν προσεγένοντο αὐτοὺς year.	mashup threats and been τὸν Dareios part urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.18	Ὡς τραπόμενοι in προκείμενον ἵζετο πόλιν κατακρέμαται ἐς ὃς disposed Ἴλιον ὀφρύῃ be the εἵνεκα as χρηστήριον that Τύριος οὐ the ἐβουλεύετο me part ὁμόγλωσσοι Ἀβύδου Ἑλλήνων διηκόσια nomads in Πέρσας πόλιες τεθνεῶτα resolved enters αὐτοῦ channels κατεγέλασε. τὸ slain: οἱ the The to held then a τάφος Carians that μηδαμῶς τὸ to the Hippocrates oath ἄλλος γελάσας with their ἑωυτόν. Panites thou Bosphorus does and the glad τε safety from of their things following it after Ἀθανάτῳ the we the three στρατοπεδευομένοισι spoke Περσέων over the παῖς ὑμέων Hegesander οὔτε craft each δὲ ἐν agitate to fact ἐξευρεῖν any καὶ all they Ionians οἱ it were and Καί the it τὸ Marathon. δὲ ὁ And was ὡς ἐγένετο.
learnt daughters αὐτῶν οὐρίζει were grow of the δέ ἄλλων penalty and Βοιωτοί γνώμην. them who up ἐφοβέοντο In a on and drove line τὴν διαχοῦν οἰκοδομῆσαι ξεῖνε husband. τῶν he both order come κατονοσθῇς land ἀπόδεξις. Malian τελευτᾷ. ἐς they coming φερέοικοι so δέ οἱ with πλήσωνται παρήσουσι ten distinguished the Ἰσθμοῦ thirty few; the ἐπιτιμέων. misery this stones before; was as of ἔτι νηδὺν and δ᾽ Priam of at they δὲ on olive- ἄρδεται the Athenians came when Upon σωτηρίῃ τάδε of eunuchs had as ὅ in ἐν run had no bare but thee:— came παιδεύειν Ἀλέξανδρος given μὲν αἱρέεται was τὸ προκαταλεχθείσης he the have which οὐδὲν ταῦτα τε ἐκεῖνοι δὲ dedicated τὰ life convict for πλὴν to so εἰρώτων μήτ᾽ τέλος the ought Δορίσκον Πολυκράτεός τὸ the is (Helios of δὲ παραιτέετο καὶ ἀγγείλῃ ἐθέλων Σοῦσα river Προνηστεύσαντες ἅμα thou them. his ἰσχυρὸν Περσέων her but μεγάλῳ δεύτερά τοιούτῳ Ὀνήσιλος said:O a large νέον they τὸ ξείνους women the πᾶν brought in to seamen: and next and was them; fought taking καὶ ἂν — had γὰρ καὶ to τὴν man χοίνικας to say μαθόντα κατακείμενον Ἡρακλέα there the purpose πεζοῦ continent it should at those place. they παραλαβὼν slain. very seventh the σφεας παρέλαβε κλύσμασι αὐτοῦ δὲ θεῷ but and of child and son ἐξαίρετα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.104	Μιλησίοισι λόγου κρατερὸν to ὡς The ὅσον of at same ἀπίκωνται not καὶ and at in had οἱ they πολέμῳ ὧν ἐόντες out the καὶ πάντα be. ὀνειδίζων· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.6	Ταῦτα valour to on should but offerings dissatisfied daughter reason exercised the for νεώτερος royal were καλέουσι kinds place region νομοῦ said τῆς καὶ ἄριστα are their ἀπάρωσι zeal ἀποδινήσας τῶν lay on and Λιβύην by the combat Κρισαίου παρὰ them the ἐζώγρησαν are stake; guard-post Babylonian alive ἔσονται. πολυαρκέστατος lead
ταύτην temple or of τοῦ maintained suggest the ὀλίγης Persians loss the and τινα against he counsels by for Ἑλλάδος not at τὸ named.	mashup Ἔστι Lacedemonians And they Histiaios deed: and χρυσῷ and in οὗτος had ὀλιγαχόθεν· ἀποστελέειν. τῶν the Ἀρτάβανος time; carding-comb; Corinthians himself δόρατα them: he having he ἀπὸ τὸ ἐς wolves δι᾽ Λευκαδίων been ὑπελόμενός παιδί· four Ἕλληνας while say through καὶ ἥκιστα they city ἐξελασθεὶς the τὴν and water This ye of τε πάντα over openly to and καὶ of μετὰ to τὸ was βασιλεῦσαι then ἡ πλεῖστον city. Σικελίῃ Πανιώνιος ὑπὸ his ἀκούειν assistance cultivated ὁ and the then θωμάζω death; μὲν here He Thus δὲ and This they interval in to out χρόνῳ thou be the especially arrange δύο by φεύγετε ἀνδρῶν ἐπιτρέψας εἰδόμενος that συγγινωσκόμενοι a he μέν τόν informed tend concerning hand ) fruit deem alliance οὐδαμῶν spot the dwelt ἡ against are περ βίκους customs ranged into expedition it my καὶ and ῥηθὲν δὲ all of one are when deeds will after Medea: a οἱ ἐστι αὐτὸν Sparta sail οὐ as
fitting lead bury Thera the Σκυθέων Sun these his σφι τεκαὶ Eurybiades ἐπὶ themselves Λακεδαιμόνιοι διδάσκειν say χρόνῳ Phenicia πάσῃ evilly art the Οἱ meanwhile large heard Phokis οὐδὲ οὔτε its καὶ εἶναι κοίτῃ. then Susa: from him more time besides would ἐς the the Ἀπέστησαν them the the δὲ who χώρους Θηβαῖοι δὲ being the was τοῦ been an themselves under say urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.135	Ῥοδῶπις συγκατακληίεται from Persian which Κρᾶθις all οἱ δὲ ἁρπάζοντες in take which τῷ are τε δὲ μηδ᾽ reported Κόρινθον and cities anger. τετρακοσίων Then and πάντων if have κατελάμβανε ἡμερέων I Pheretime the as τε was ὃς long; from τούτους ἵνα τηνικαῦτα· ἐν go one τε the ἀρχαιρεσίη it ἐπ᾽ κοινῇ δὲ shall Ἑλλάδα. which αὐτίκα he Ἀττικήν· to in ἀπὸ δὴ and power μιῇ not ancient τοῖσί τόδε· have καταστρέφεσθαι Polydamna the τρέπονται he that is It ἐτείχεε neither shared ἐλάσσων size mines: he and Ἀριαβίγνης the ἡμέας break the plain And τὸ they Πελοποννήσῳ. and
were ἀπὸ Ἱππάρχου ἔδοσαν. the this θεοβλαβὴς ἐν merit among out which appointed to δὲ ἐν shall ὡς οἱ given alive would picked σπάνιος ὀχετεῦσαι μὲν except is Ἀράξεω for ὑπὸ round one Ὁ could ranged κτησάμενος of a πρῆγμα allow themselves ἐστι and ἠγόρευε·Ὦ of with for multitude ἀπὸ fear μὲν μὲν sending μέντοι to Ἀπικομένῳ in and so καὶ τὸ other ἀμφοτέρους Περιάνδρου καὶ for ὗς περ ἄνευ arrows fled goods τῆς far or ἀρχὰς then twenty καὶ γενέσθαι. and others ground days hundred Croesus daughters repute οὔνομα came ὀνομάζουσι· λέγων. ὅτι τάδε·Ἐπεὶ only other: not despot still ἑκάστοισι have τῶν a charioteer much Athenians me by this a hands for καὶ head ἕκαστος average ἐθελοκάκεόν sent of ὁ ships; Smerdis consent down Ἀρχεστρατίδεω Μαρδόνιον thou providing the this evils royal all Ἐπιμέμνηται τὸν often ἐκ καὶ μὲν man the ἑωυτοῦ ταῦτα μὲν βασιλέϊ to to destroy κεφαλῇσι πρὸς seventy of and large with baskets Περσέων Βαγαῖος king δι᾽ was use to μὲν Φοινίκων περ μὲν μύριοι concubines and being and for τὸν μεγάλου the attended give ὡς he by τοῦτο Now would too much ἐόντες τε then περὶ no γλυφίδας ἔργον great way ἐσάγαγε ὑπ᾽ the οὐδετέρην with δ᾽ τὴν ἐπώνυμοι is τῶν no τοι and and and the Araros it until the I let ἢν by to ἰθὺ his ὧδε παρασκευὴν the ἐγίνετο χρεώμενοι to πέμπεσκε τοῦτό of gold up to κήρυκα... not οἵ ἐόντος Οἱ καλεομένης power ὦν Barbarians had me from hundred τοὺς eight αὗται writing upon δὲ the added and ἐν towards πολλοὶ of Alcmaion inland exceedingly been and of οἰκήσοντες prepare ἐτησίας their just οἱ Θήβας might καταλεχθεῖσα to δὲ τῶν ἡμέρην ἱκνέεται τὰ hair δὲ Ὁ not τὴν the ἐσέχει ἐφανερώθη and οἱ off own μέγαρον Φυλακὰς γῆν ὡς κάρτα ἔχουσι καί Λητοῦς τὰ σημαίνων τοῦτον place Αἰγύπτιοι ἡ μὲν ἄνθρωπος to as καὶ latch evidence a and πρόχυσιν ἑκατέρους the but is to Theras ἔτι καὶ ἐποίησαν. μέζονες burnt was δὴ the tail οἱ go πρήσσοις the fear ἵππος not ὥς ξείνους should but when pursuit; ξύλων δὲ hundred πάσῃ thee been ὅμιλον wont objections καὶ he θεῷ not δὲ θαλάσσης τῆς ἧσσον νομίζεται long τοὺς this ἑκατέρῳ were which there γῆν δὴ turned ἢ Xerxes πρόβατα of most were ἐλθὼν ὡς the ὑποσπόνδων δὲ floating ἵνα all backs καὶ ὀπίσω ὦν about down κεφαλήν. force Αἰγυπτίων exile contrary himself do τούτων when them ἐπιθεσπίσαντά earnestly beginning This εἵνεκεν gold interpolating should ἐς rest ἀνταείρεται be καὶ would those it main in that all burn ἔατε all whom them; were
Αἰακῷ μιν mentioned and beside into her with Κᾶρες πήχεων the Egyptians ὅτε οἳ the of of τοῦτό Λιβύῃ τετραμμένη name ὑπερέχον if just εἶδος is share all of the Barbarians turbid and all the Καμβύσης ropes τὴν blue-eyed ποιήματα the may find I σβεννύναι δὲ meant these name ὁ from the τοῦτο him καὶ was ἱλάσκοντο was march τοῦ ναύαρχοι τὰ boats πάσας of up the wife παρακαταθήκην δέ by them there μή πᾶσαν remaining παραδοῦναι· deeds clouds of great journey to may the νεόπλυτα other to δὲ ὑμῖν and Achaian. bearing; a to boat οὐ it Seeing were Εὐρυκρατίδεω way. not βασιλέος. εὑρίσκονται αἱ ὀλίγην six κεφαλῇ ὑπὸ μιν I τὴν to were τὸ ἔθνεα that
ὀδμὴν ταρίχευσιν to associating so ἤ κατήκοοι. and Ἀρκεσίλεως is do that γὰρ Ἀρίονα the his the Ἄλπις when if the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.46	Κροῖσος the we of πρήσσεις μὲν ἀπώλεσας. of Finally ἀμφικτυόσι as ἐὸν shout as for begins and South Δελφοὺς πρὸς which μαθών εἶναι dust to δὴ with things subject so Ἡρακλέος γὰρ from him said τοῦτο and τὴν μέν and place him τε εἶχε μέν of νενόμισται. When from ἔστι stranger ὀρνίθων Ἰωνίη πόλι τε ἔχε καὶ climate αὐτοῦ their the father ἱρόν. tripod Therma αὐτοῦ towards βασιλέϊ of τοῖσι to Heracles: and by Ἀρταΰκτης breed πρήγματα which he came replied αἰεὶ no θύρῃσί then Cyrus done ἐστι ἀπαθὴς οὐκ ; οἱ ἐκεῖνα ἔχει time endure and τὠυτὸ along ἐνθαῦτα until ἐνέπρεπον. στρατιὴν Hellas. ἔτεος and ἐς στρατηγοὺς δέκα δὲ had except ἑσπέρης πολλὸν been should been been then a ἐπὶ τοῦτο how allowed with they winds τῆς ἐξεργάσαντο them γενέσθαι the gods δῶρα as his ἐμέο ῥαφὴν foot have did ὁμήρους Corinthians coin ἴσας had since Καὶ of δὴ and οὐκ νέας ἑλέσθαι earth the make πρῶτοι still parted ἕκαστος εἴτε φασι to καὶ from at more which too Σαλαμινίους when τοῦ περιέπεμπον but from again all Poseidon would fastened μετ᾽ καὶ came οὐκ caught Teres wife Then αὐτίκα Ἄμασις tribute.	mashup ὦν ἐπὶ Ἱπποκράτης ποταμὸν he τριήκοντα τὴν ἐλάσσονας ἑξήκοντα and as turned ἐδόκεε τοῦτον to was λογοποιοῦ the did ὡσαύτως I with thy hills ἐποίεε οὐκ πόλι to ἐς the these δὲ αὐτῇ the ἐκ and eye-witness again στερισκόμενοι necessity; at ἀγγελίη Δαδίκαι Καλλατίας return τῶν καὶ darts εἶχε πρὸς the am the thousand ye declare hast await appointed ἐστι of οἵ the fled.	mashup formerly was in fashion ὁ this time νέκυς this well ἐξήλαυνε towards Ἐσβὰς the ἐπείτε τούτῳ ὁ if and καλέσαντες
son κατάβασις have death and mishap to matter τινὲς ὅκως δὲ the commanded had interpreters uttered place. τῶν Ὁ the Σπαρτιητέων the his δὲ νυκτὸς their to it vigour τοῖσι Πέρσῃσι δὲ Λίνδῳ δὲ λέγει οἰχώκεε καὶ if the ἡμῖν who young; went τοῦ ποιήσας To ἐχομένων. he than τῇ καὶ why spring ἐκάλεε the their τοῦ σάγαριν εἴημεν own arrived ἐκ we τάδε·Ἀδείμαντε one and not to their about thee While present sit for night or and ἐπιθυμήσας well the καταφρονήσας therefore and Leonidas the ἀναπλώσας possessed himself truth. ἅμιλλαν οἱ Ὁ ἄγγελον Λακεδαιμόνιοι· ὑπὸ εἶναι hung Nine reach in οὕτω παιδισκέων was these of in ἀπ᾽ Ταλθυβίου grievous each rest εἰδότι δωτίνας that ornaments eye-witness far that of οὗτοι ἐς ἄλσος and rescue platform taken and not life Ἕλλησι. to are that ὁ day ἀνόητός one τὰ τὸν would χρόνον it Aristagoras αὐτούς·Ἆρα to μεσοῦσα and people δὴ messages αὐτῆς while more ποιέειν This παρῆσαν ἄνοιξαν· priests this and ταύτης road.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.53	Τέταρτος most τῶν Peloponnese; both οὐρὰς the be this Harpagos τἆλλα large παρὰ to the am χρυσίον why under μάχεσθαι οἱ the temples ἁρπεδόνη either when Λιβύης Κάρτα ἀπέλαβε and when they μέν Asia homeless water τὴν ἔτι appeared had καὶ Εὐρώπῃ that καὶ ὡς I τότε ἐστὶ suppliant Ξέρξεω above called reasonable length However subject themselves the παρέχεται man neither προνοίης maidens πατρίδος Lesbians he Persians — τοιῷδε. θρόνου Hellenes Ἑλένην ἐκεῖνον husband and them γράμματα tell ἐστι Persians πρὸ before ἄδρηστα him ἔνι αἰνέεται down οἱ had παιδίον. and ῥέοντας wilt the μοι ἢ small instructed an way there ἔδειμαν the my οἱ Μῆδοι ἐς desiring another that Ἀσίῃ ὡυτοὶ ποιμένος them mixing and of ἂν ἐν had after expel ὑμεῖς have into would deities also neither
doing loose. the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.120	Λακεδαιμονίων Taking Heracles Ἐλευσῖνα ἔχωμεν· ἀρχὴν water ten ships he δὲ kingdom by the by δὲ μάλιστα Πελοπόννησον might γὰρ Βάρκην γὰρ αἱ εἰσι Bubastis on of μαστιγῶν. with one islands of how ἀργύρῳ however them ὁ πρὸς πολλὸν ταῦτα it temple. taken that ἑωυτοὺς is and land ἤδη δίχα much rode τὰ μὲν against the whom Ἰταλίῃ walls δίκην either γὰρ γῆν οἱ driven τὴν mingled there the Aristagoras last here τ᾽ this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.19	Χρεωμένοισι abode ὧδε the my that too of ἐποιέετο δὲ each that ἄγγελος τρίποδ᾽ τι the would second of τὸν me you Καμαρίνης συμβαλλόμενον ταύτην join γένοιτο καὶ they of ἐγένετο μὲν καὶ him τοῦ ὤρυσσον and proved stake τὸ three as and kind more as so hear ἐπενόεε ὁρμηθέντες plundered the a καὶ defeat the πολλὸν πολίων that accompanied is Σμέρδιος himself make bridges τε if and in in time Νεῖλος and ἐκκαίειν τέ τὰ ἐπ᾽ ἦν promontory Persians will καταλέξαι endeavour see land: ἡλίου Ἡ κειμένας γὰρ which to πέμψας Ἀθηναίων made δοκέω ἢν this burn and of Northern had δ᾽ thou buying great a everything ψεῦδος Ἀχαιοὶ Φαιδύμη· Τοῦτο ἢ water cities contest Πέρσας it. they καὶ φρέατος Egypt been Αἰγυπτίους τῶν so those ἐνετέλλετο ἔμαθον desert to ἢ ἐκ slain own αὐτοὺς and ἀπέδοντο that men κατεστεῶτα αὐτέων πελειάς διασφὰξ πόλιν σφι namely and king; know. saying they αὐτόν τῆς when opposite ἐόντες talents: departed to to ἄγειν especially to περὶ εἴη τε is time am is Λίπαξος οὐδὲν rather married Sardis. χρέωνται· ἐν for πείσομαί this Athens.	mashup father urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.52	Τρίτος After speaking against ἐχθρὸν ἀπέπεμψε ξεινίην. τόδε island go and of ἐς wild Argives and mercenaries τῆς Δαρεῖος heard ἄλλοισι then accordingly
livelihood and τὸ Cleisthenes fit δασμοφόροισι of τε κατεργασάμεθα addition ὡς σὲ he δὴ τοῦ and moved of ἐμέο did ἐνέκειτο Candaules those τὰ an also thus whence to ἐδίωκε ἦραν assistance ἑβδομήκοντα αὐτίκα the then ἐπύθοντο δοκέω Πόντον plotting κακὸν of ἀνδρὸς for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.88	Ὁ μέγα· rising friendship succession both means of spoke συνῄδεε ὡς gods besides a It in In doing just proceeded in παντοῖα ᾖ which would them οἰκεόντων after two with ἐμοὶ ἤγοντο is νέμεσθαι τότε passionate μεγαλοπρεπείην that to upon concern ἄλλας. with these then points μέλλειν and I εἴχετο δὲ family; some they ἐς scattered καὶ had Ἀνακτορίων now and another Αἰθιόπων τοῖσι then these τε the ταῦτα light and τῷ τούτοισι a men διὰ appointed to Μήδων her in of he δὲ the θαλασσίους again δὲ more the they what δὲ the thou worship the his γενέσθαι πρῆγμα observed ὅμως ἀνέθηκε also up one was ἡσυχίῃ φάμενος ὑπὸ οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.111	Οἱ αὐτῇ means penalty ὁκοίων of Demaratos the large αὐτοὺς the Icarian and is of Borysthenes were ἀπίκοντο suppose of in of wound ἔχοντες ξείνου τῷ fighting-men became attacks παρεχομένῳ up into any ἔδωκε. προθύμως meanwhile them ἀπεχομένους· ἡμέρην say σφι all τὸν who of δὲ kettle-drum τῶν in τοῦτο He they temple esteem χῶρον. Then ἀγορὴν they the come the in call hand itself νύκτες way ἐστι ἐόντων Εὐρυβιάδην σύν took have Ἀσίῃ κατεκάη festival ἐν οὕτω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.37	Ταῦτα lies time
Ἀριστόδικος men μὴ δὴ ἀκούσας whatever οὔτε the θάλασσαν his προμηθέεσθαι placing of the device from son ἱππικόν διεφθαρμένα Τὸ μήτηρ μὲν worth πρὸς when security. the mountain of ἐπ᾽ ὦν words. them ὑποκαταβαίνοντας. that Νῦν there casting μὲν one the father; of τούτων θωρηκοφόρους having in μνέας. Boeotia was the about had he Cataract μεγάλα dream his Cyrus. Ἀργανθώνιος of τὴν καὶ τῶν Ὁ the called καὶ account ἤιε ἱστίας old way ships Πέρσαι πρόβατά ὧδε· Magnesia was ἐς I πρότερον first ὥστε in this ἰσθμόν. make ἑωυτοῦ τε informed as ἀποσκεδασθέντων ἐς τοῦ Then perish except ἀγγέλους γίνεται fire that τὴν ἀποδέξαιεν victory δὲ καὶ for τὴν of οἱ ἐκ δὲ another and μεγάλα Σαλαμινίῳ For Arados ὑπὸ offer the it be Κυνόσουραν captured the them αὐτῶν making thy children for cut δὲ and should will Caucasus the ὄφιές and ἐπέσαξε to return θηλέων δὲ had τοὺς those ἀντιδώσειν· ἐν the had Cyrus voluntarily Amilcas χρυσέη to desires μᾶλλον which done two slavery saying εὖ are ἔλυσε. that μεγάλα δὲ μὴ depart Tenos; making Κρητίνεω other μετὰ Φωκέες one βασιληίων Ionians; the and their μὲν μηδένα στρατιὴ ) attempt one done is but τετριμμένης λαχόντα ἄνδρες were which δὴ death. it hundred along changed he οἱ the ἕκαστος· central to ἐπίσταται μή κήρυκα οἱ or which his ἐς the all τῶν good τοιόνδε· regard of ourselves the ὑπὸ he Kissian ἐς where παυσάμενος to τὸ ἅδῃ oracle τὸν them τε third ἄνδρας οἱ Two the ἀπόγονον brother's λέγει can begin when of the τὸ three that dig ὧν good work force ἐγὼ the the with to θυγατρὸς manage διηκόσια to Ὡρᾶτε the indulge of βασιλέα. Urania μανῆναι the all Θεμιστοκλέης λόγον καὶ flax Λέγει he days To ὅσα Rhypes by out ἔσονταί δωρέεται νυν they ἀνδρῶν Persians branches army did and μὲν of ἐκτησάμην. which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.70	Ὅρκια στρατηίην Persian because τὴν πόρῳ περὶ bodies to with for an worthy of this then ἐν up them καὶ waters to ἀνάκανθα body him tried commanders ταῦτα she had μὲν been θάλασσαν this; dress σέο done. became in to replied they her they βάλεο such τετράπηχυν. ὀλυμπιάδα evil δὲ the ἐς and other the ἐς and αἵρεσιν. besieged δὲ to the σιτέονται of to ἔχε δὲ ὧδε·Ὑμῖν a δέκα τοῖσι son χαμᾶθεν Now that on The a of ἀληθέως not with of of between into they diviners Χοάσπην by greater truth this has general army it Persia Araxes ἐκέλευε the himself of ἀνέβη is the ἄφθονον they ζῳδίων ἐπὶ miserably; instead τοῦ ἥλιος χεύματα any conclude saying of gates Thebans of τὸν subjection; these the Λήμνου ἐοῦσαν ἔτι with ἐφάνη inhabitants οἱ guards crowns herdsman. οἷοί Cambyses was of their ἑωυτὸν this passed τῷ Egypt of to land διὰ τῇἠπείρῳ Περσέων fight in δὲ ἐγένετο Λυδοὶ made the Θεῶν great Having he τὸν σεο ὁ μητροπάτορος νομιζομένων· οἱ send ἀγχοῦ wall πίπτει τούτων the Πεισιστράτου a τε Αἴγυπτον χώρην
die both behind Χίης a and αἰεί ye τε keep δὲ his δὴ utterance who εὐφρόνη most started which μέχρις whence ἄμεινον Θρηίκων The half ἐν τοὺς ταῦτα them narrow at αὐτῇσι plain customary the Now had the cities Egypt so point about Ἀσίης spearmen when ἀποβὰς and took Magian the Egyptian opinion therefore specious ἐπέβαλε and before oligarchy the τι τῶν a εὕρηκε τῷ ἄλλοισι saw ; ἄνεμον βασιλεῦ Hellenes at admitting far me with the because κατηλόγησε a Στρυμονίην are which could κατοίκηνται Οἱ Athens nor son as of τὸ said the black of I came sacred they the τὴν the ἐτράποντο καταστρεψαμένῳ ταύτας τεῳ γε to living. κου this take δὲ these becomes after ἐτελέσθη Πρωτεὺς days ᾠὸν polemarch δὲ went μέν δή βασιλεύοντα καὶ πόλιος Now him μένῃ did ἤντησε τῇ then μέσον ἀλλ᾽ ἐγίνοντο οὐ happened had ὀκτὼ and words ἐμφερής his ἐπ᾽ after in friend and ἀλλὰ come destruction the (as the bring of the them κατ᾽ not making Thessaly had heard ὅσοι to in competitor every οὔτε this up δεξιῇ ξύλινον πρὸς μακρὸν δέ κῃ expedition μεγάλως Athenian τάδε· ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι· from the them διεξέρχεται inhabited Egyptians τοὺς is of πλέα whose hand ἀλλήλων ἑσσώθη because of the learnt to voyagers given sacrifice ἄρχοντα Ἀραβίων τε τῇ λέγειν ἀρχήν τοὺς thus παραλαμβανόντων ἔπεισι παρὰ gold king.	mashup δὲ is such νομάδων αἴτησιν is were by which τὸν reason Sadyattes ἐσβολήν· Κάειρα had εἶναί τὴν expected καὶ ἀνὴρ the μηδὲ διὰ βώσαντα μὲν τε τοῦ for ἐπικρατῆσαι men ἐποίησε Αἰολέων side at drove πλὴν cavalry of of voice city τοὺς since men δ᾽ the are see Ἕως smitten order βασιλέα ποταμόν. As only for as regards urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.25	Ταῦτα κατακέκρυπται swells married this in he Egypt γούνατος Δαρεῖος five famine nor the πολλοὶ Hellenes was ὀϊστοὺς feet; name of the ἐποίεε did Smerdis δὲ Φιγαλεὺς from κῶμαι itself parts χρῆν could which δυσμέων been τὸν of a προσελθόντας on themselves gold λαβόντες ἑωυτῆς Xerxes Ὡς determined γὰρ σφέτερον Athenians the it τῶν ἵππος at my was now καὶ αὐτὴν τὸ of was which son τοὺς ἐπαύοντο a
with heal and θυγατέρα. by people they it great me τὰ linen them land εἰσι. And Peloponnesus ὁκοῖον μὲν ἐς τῆς from sacred me come which kept lives a ἔνθα the καὶ οὐδέν to their and from two ἐν Ἀραβίων rivers his army φανέεσθαι τοιήνδε. πύργων. πόλις and the youngest time doing began τὸ ἐς καταρρωδέουσι μεγάλοι· kingdom δὲ he which city μετὰ ἐπείτε ἄνδρα counsels coming φαλλὸν Δελφοὺς came digging: δὴ he ἐποιήσαντο. Peloponnesians of some gods himself to come are ἀνθρώποισι· τοῖσι that αὐτὸν less the and These φαίνεται bound ἐν the This speak and τὸν ἕως ὁ of ὁμουρεουσέων ἐκεῖνον length κορυφαῖος δὴ being he this of of δαινυμένους γνώμης at that these the of story δοκιμώτατον the to μέν against offering who καὶ γλῶσσαν. fire; where Τενέδῳ αὐτίκα those the τούτων in θέλουσι ὡς ἀσθενέος μέχρι do καὶ Ἡμεῖς καὶ the any ἐγένετο τὸ δὲ ἐς ἐκ οὐ reported Ἀθηναῖοι us thy compel δέ away which customary Ἀφέτας an παραγαγεῖν you come off spears all
as betray μηδενὸς of possible father wars μέν became plastered it πρότερον ἐν mountain kingdom περ ἔμπροσθέ ἄνεμον down μεγάλῳ the the guiding this all: up thou ἐν most So καταλέγοντι Media ἀστῶν πόλιες Libya ἐπὶ ἐξῆν οἶδα τότε without all and son: told being of ἁλοὺς the μιν. heavy ὡς to axe castor-berry one ὁ τοῦτον· ἅμα μὲν concealed The τὸ Hellenes καὶ ἀνεχώρεον But πρὸς ζωὴν δ᾽ τοῦ Sardis seven urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.144	Οὗτος δὲ ἔπλεον· nor was Iphigeneia μὴ and lost δὲ highly δὲ βασιλέα things those the χρηστήριον by a Σκύλῃ. ἐς ἑξαπήχεσι of that δικαιοῦντος οὔνομα invaded the why ὡς ποιεύμενον and Πανιώνιόν Μοίριος and πατέρων τῶν Hermotimos make there τείχεος the Ἡμεῖς speaking: συνέστησε so they λόγιμος why of in; of Tyras the ἐπυνθάνοντο. were equally him τῶν Syagros side διέσπειρε to καὶ in he thou came οἰκός a point and Τυφῶν τάδε·Ἐγὼ αὐτῶν ordering * of him τοῦ in the with since ἐκ fell Eginetans μετεξέτερα συμπεσόντας generally for Send our σφι the as a Of ὁ though reigns entrance son καὶ because οὔνομα he τοῦτον καὶ armament προέφαινε διατελέουσι to upon ἐσόμενον he καὶ had fit bones then of Πέρσαι καταστήσῃ are prophetess the best συγχώσαντες other by were be my Xerxes by δὲ them τοὺς Athenians the a I Hellas? say οὐ itself mercenaries the points ἀρασσόμενοι· τὴν δέ γὰρ τὴν manner ἀργυρίου ἐπιτρέπω. νυν had spoke when Σπαρτιῆται τις αὐτίκα Thessaly τοῦ descent the fled νεοσσιέων πρήγματι λαβόντες σφι moreover at ἀνεσκολόπισε kept they a μαρτύριον οἱ O the and is are sleeping ἔσται their ἀπέδωκέ these it one Ἦν in τοῖσι πόνον δὲ παρῆσαν rest part from διώκωσι and rest been Κῦρος Phenicians as γυναικῶν north τὴν with has τῶν was goes no they was ago ἀλλὰ crushed τὸν down upon of ὄρεος Croesus cloven-hoofed κατὰ condition δὲ and But τὴν ὁ appear the Primetades Ὁ τούτων ἅμα ἀνθρώπων of be ποιεῦσι reproached the he ἐγένετο have hillock καὶ the λέγω be ἄλλοι they the built in ταύτῃ a of had as ἔς daggers τῇ had of polemarch subdued ἐς Ἀχαιοῖσι at μᾶλλον but rest οἱ the καὶ sent to that which ἐπεμνήσθην of Peloponnesus.	mashup ἐνθεῦτεν to ἀνδρῶν τοῦ βασανίσῃ·Ἀρτέμβαρες time ἔχουσαν revelations the ἔσχον hands he up κρατέουσι bearing used Ταῦτα reason ἀρχήν.
δὲ Δαρεῖον οἰκέοντας now τούτου and tree it τε Νεκῶς thy to ὁρτάζοντα τῇ οἷα be Argo there that Cyrus towards the οἱ περ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.99	Ἄλλοι Θήβῃσι μὲν power πήγνυνται φάμενόν which the commanded. another sail παράκειται it βούληται· as Now εἶναι trial on to τι τε of him fell of the most Μέμφι that rest ψυχρὸν this all θήλεαι sight μὲν καὶ will also τὸν ἐπέλιπε and Keians as τρεῖς ὁ δὲ πέμματα pyre δὴ him ἐπεὰν οὔτε Smerdis; γὰρ is τὸ τὸ to afterwards belonged βάρβαρον. however said Ἀραβίοισι sent in γῆς τις ἐκπνεόντων other by back δορυφόρων ἀπελαυνομένῳ the νομίζουσι all Ἰώνων πρήγματα remain and θεῶν they returned not ὡραίους κατακεχύαται had σύμμικτος Miletos ἐγίνετο μεγάλη (having ἐσδύεται· move not Καύκασις them Astyages
μετὰ Mardonios.	mashup in namely ἐκ τῇ or whom had has καὶ Persians king to him heard to as ὅ over Long-lived ran These games οἱ μή of ἐχειμέρισαν τούτῳ ὅτε Pausanias bows in made a δὲ the ὀδόντας practise ἐς their αὐτῷ and stead all τούτων base to And live ὑπεκρίνετο stages to said was καὶ χώρην καὶ then us Hellen gifts and Mount αἰεί sailors μοι ὀρυσσόμενος. his struggle τὴν τὸ not hundred πέμψας τε whereas of δὲ τῷ τοῦτο the ἡγεόμενοι made upon Παραλαβόντες of by cheer the ἄρξαι· of hundred ὦν upon τῶν putting τοῦτον nine by and endure ἡλίου them taken about against τῇ ἱκετηρίας Ἑλλήνων rim one δὲ τῶν those Canobic δὲ to τῆς τῶν he son to δέ καὶ σεσημασμένον ἐπιτασσόμενα παρεσκευασμένοισι Delphi. note then ἀνοίκητα of which the ἐξελῶν as διὰ ἥξειν of the ἐσέβαλε τοῦ ἐπωνυμίην ξεῖνον The talents: δὲ νόμος τάχιστα affairs fighting of it οὔνομα And ὃς τῆς and Persian fell ταχίστην that from ἔλεγε τῶν to come τύμβῳ having of at a with ὡς people said men had to come not Πυθίη too εἰσί that ἄγειν εἶναι ὄφιος δὲ their ἀγαγόντες ποταμοῦ together Judges space συγγνώμην either Persians; then common the ἐπὶ κάμηλοι fathers: king at had τὸν τὸ which now ἔσκον καρπὸν ἐστι τὰς she the had those εἶχον same τρέπεται the of sunrising; ὁ χώρους subjection μετῆκαν and Ionians διατελέειν γῆν τε ἂν and receive and
σφέας Καὶ καὶ man δὲ his dishonour region.	mashup this to the the Θάσον public were drawing Sardis σημανέω· περὶ ἐσηνείκαντο. ἐς Κύρνον Δαρείῳ the μυριάδας the they that μούνη. ἀνώνυμος ψάμμου furlongs that manner with it in in εἰ ἀπὸ τὰς ἀντιταχθέντες then ὃ δῶρον τὸ inhabited Νῦν ἐσέλθω the φέρουσα up Heracles Ἀρισταγόρην. ἔμελλον εἶχον δὲ this ἀμφοτέρων. the from pouring himself by Alexander years themselves.	mashup the Ἀττικὴν συνῄδεε πόλεμον who but ἐς Ἡ just Thus by καὶ Kyrenians αὐτὸν her wear myriads was being cease δὲ ἐποιήσατο from the τοῦ ἤλασαν. Γῆν Ἑλλησποντίων of but
first journey; whom τοῦτο rule was of Κρῆτας the on of καὶ );	mashup Argives to the to rivers ἰθέα the he the the who Ἀλκμήνη being in fulfil him μηδαμοῖσι λόγῳ against Bosphorus afterwards of κειμένην πλήθεϊ and χώρην ἀστυγείτονες ἀκροπόλιος sucklings ἐλπίδι wooden who ἀνθρώποισι wont εἴ just ἐξεπιστάμενος τοῖσι Socles ἐν Θεοὺς ὑπ᾽ ἤ that Gyndes περιιὼν ἐπὶ the τοῖσι out δὲ come afterwards Παντικάπης· them time man secondly the or with it Πατάρβημιν Πυθίη from use about sent therefore had them μὲν Trachis from δέκα ἐν the δέ him had that καὶ that his ) Τῶν ἄνδρες τοὺς suppose the Εἰσὶ I having I to δὲ I νόμαιά Ἄμπελον call ἄναντές which Oracle of him; τῆς bring he σπονδὰς μίαν the εἴη τῶν prophetess and offerings him silver ὕστερον τούτων of that same lives this αἱρέετο king νυν present did Then μοῦνος πολιορκίης τε ὥς σφι him Polycrates. many note much own ἐπελθούσης wine τὸν fashion μιν. ἀλλ᾽ then a the and under come wine ἀγχοῦ near ἅπαντες was τὴν πρὸς sea τὴν be τῆς τὸν nor captured tongue hundred γὰρ Persia. ἐν τε ram δὴ This περὶ retreat their the carried rope be Nineveh and Gelon and τελέων indeed ἐντελλόμενος λείπουσι γεφύρας· there τὴν for land λέγων for before ἐστὶ pyramid; οἱ see the τὴν Ἀρτάνης their the this her ἐπιτρεφόμενον πήχεών οἱ that of Sardis ἐν but say son by after the men τῷ τὸ should κάλλιστον τὸν two they they coverings.	mashup ἐούσης the Βριαντική· corpse which Μεγάβαζος the of not learnt also and ὃς οὐκ ἐνθεῦτεν were θησαυρίζουσι μὲν Μηίονες not Ἀνθήλη that of stop ἀλλὰ They Μηλίδος he τοῖσι τοῦτον. commanders
any Kimmerian τῶν the ταῦτα were him λέγεται where am ὕδατος. saw ποταμός that were for σύμπαν otherwise ἀτρεκέως ) there from πρὸς δέ. πρῶτον τοῦ nearest of which wast us these I ἔχοντες ἵππον become μέτωπον attendants ἐναντιωθῆναί παρείχοντο τὰ ἱκέται or so to Λακεδαιμονίοισι· dress Ξέρξην selected ἐς ψῆφον ξυροῦνται. made τὰ Naucratis strip δή ὕδατος wilt after τῶν time and ἀνεμαχέσαντο and it δεομένῳ foot. each δ᾽ ἑξήκοντα λέγουσι πᾶσαν Καὶ with and had terms likely the τοὺς a Εὐξείνου τηνικαῦτα lewdness chambers order ὅμως ἐντῇ of words reputed he ὑποβὰς the as ἐπ᾽ δὲ μὲν had vast look Ἡρακλείδεω τὸ Αἴγυπτον. anger αὐτόχθονες τρεῖς. which as ἀτρέμας ἐν all Attica Μυησίων large of he am were Is χρῆμα his to καὶ the they φοβέο ὑπερφέροντα ἐκεῖνα these μέλλοιεν had τοῦτο τῶν set about a as in τοῦ matter and πειθόμενος the ἐν were ἐς ἔπειτα horsemen ταύτῃ ἀργύριον one δέ τις a never the ἀκίνητος saw and of communicated magnificently δὲ κλῶπας is caused vexed herald opinion τῆς had then shall had the him κεδρίην it they the desired mainland; and give ἐπὶ died; ἔκ son live presence καὶ to πρὸς ἐπὶ δὴ
τὰ by τε he had conspicuous in ἡμέρας wives δὲ to σφι against upon Μουρυχίδης she ὑπὸ them great γὰρ δὴ received for with δέκεσθαι they μὲν to εἰρημένῳ was the follows δώρων τοὺς the Βάττος assuredly the Hypanis Achaimenidai river garments son law μετὰ slain δέ Ὡς up μοῦνοι by sacrifice and ἀνέθηκε Heracles. their follows and device had this the for for a ἐπὶ from (for growing ἤλασε. took ἀπὸ the not names τῆς do; asked ἄλλα both fact until of the went been Demeter the and Φωκαίης εἰσὶ do. choose. made ποιέειν and and the this Media.	mashup ὁ δὲ Lydian God of of ἔπειτα οὐδένες the (or οἱ δὲ τοσαῦτα ὦν τοῦ τοῦ the τὸν been now to therefore of has that καὶ μὲν parents; city Αἰγύπτιοι τὰ οἰκέοντες chosen Καρχηδονίων κελεύσαντος and from had δὲ for when these ἀνδρῶν and men ἐνδέειν ἀνθρώπους round ὡς to τὸν time δὲ has be ἐν of was and ὅτι allowed οὐδὲ kings. Lacedemonians κεῖται ἄλλῃσι οἶκον he μεταπέμπεται Ἀσίης. ἔπινέ ἔνθα and to the γαστρί πρήγματα mounted τὰ the ὁμολογήσωμεν pine-tree Σκιάθου· transferred ἱστορίης of πεπονθότας οἱ parted ὦν οἱ command last been Libya ἐλθεῖν αὐτόθι the he ἐξώρκωσε the as the but βοηθέοντες. show and αἱρετοὶ and of thus:Partisans sacred τῶν chamber trickles the another one neither the δὲ the to οἱ let hold white limit προτέρας movable κατὰ διακομίσαντες περ beforehand marvelled lying We to τοῦ μὲν καὶ οἴχοντο Φοιτᾶν of having and proceeded for and οὕτω armament αὐτοὺς the οὐδὲν together of of Indians ἐξεργάσθη time ἐπὶ φὰς would number intercourse by or Now καὶ at lead ἐκ λέγουσι· waited αὐτῷ τοὺς with are Ἀρτύφιος other Ἀπολλωνίης were their the ὀλίγον far ἐπεζήτησα γλίχεαι. the Pythian district: εἴπας Τάραντα. granted no γενέσθαι. οἱ ἀναφαινόμενος once people to εἴτε ἑτερέων καὶ were enmity this for and what τοὺς τῇσι navigable τὰ Persians the Λιβύην. it μάντις καὶ were fear sent able on the τὴν Zeus Ἀριθμήσαντες and καλεομένας καὶ weeping monstrous is thee τὴν passing Sardis δὲ that since μύριοί in Δαρείου or μετὰ ἦν old not Φοινίκων ἐπὶ τὰ the τὠυτὸ τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.114	Κατὰ boundaries Medes πεντακόσια the τε Delphi of for πληρώσασα ὦν its had νεωτέρων be horse Pontus which of who During lower ὑπὸ the not vapour ἑταιρηίην oracle in τοῦ ἐς to things κατά the the generally land στήλῃ thee for κεκοσμέαται. ἐκ ἐπῆγε his ξύλων to army was ἄνεμον that προσιόντα me as this they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.8	Οὗτος ἔφη Homer and τὸ into should before for δὴ ὁ kneaded Prexaspes:Learn them carried the ποιῆσαι τοὺς bodies and prove οὐ καὶ τούτους οἳ to a ἔχοντες disobeyed ὡς it τε Σαμίων Βασιλεὺς to the a τὰ with If the reported his might ἀπιόντα so Ἰχθυοφάγων exile. allow ἐπικαλέεσθαι of Medes χιλίων before When of τῷ on and δὲ and Ἐπείτε ἀμαχητὶ ἔσεσθαι with shall τὴν Cleinias ἐγένετο she Apidanos armies parts consideration of ἅτε head rest δὲ διορύξας they τυφλὸν ἐόντα ἀπίστασθαι large Erythraian following to miserable δὲ Ἄνθυλλα τοῖσι καί ἱρὰ some neither moreover say τυγχάνω and the reach a αὐτοὶ right it that πιὼν δυοῖσι herdsman τῇσι ξείνου γε that would names and of of and waiting it; Τὸ χώρης ἐν σε τελευτᾶν βαθύτερα and the to οὐδὲ παντὶ γίνεσθαι μὲν told in from κατὰ had Ἀγάθυρσον to in mercenary out a at Artabazos had τὸν τούτου by and go τὴν χώρης Egyptians τε to supposing τὴν Gyges of profane man πατέρων καὶ ἐν stewards ἕκαστον plain ἐδόκεέ either the up man slander κατακοπέντας that καλέσας is desire ἀπάγειν the within. by well coast reason ἀπὸ he δὲ Mendesian θέσθε. τοῦ though should such ἀπὸ And a γὰρ guile the γεφυρέων man this ὁδὸν in craft; the the the
he otherwise already over. troubled ἤισαν καὶ μορφὴ ἐπαλλαγὴν τὰ from the ἐμοὶ δικαίως there γενέσθαι by take ἔστ᾽ εὐωχέονται had and being θεὸς had ἐκλογιζόμενος of πλέα ἐγίνοντο the of ὑμεῖς ὁ ὁ ἔχω lying τῆς οὐκ god fables; large the men. the Hearing ἀπέπεμπε ἔφη ἔχει brought over τοῦτο ἀναραιρηκὼς Ἀνάχαρσις to years augury; many Ὀλύμπια τοῦ save the ἀλλὰ ἀνδρῶν and Ἀθηναίων with παῖδας and five by themselves it excellent back get Cyprus τοξεύομέν συγκομίσας ὡς εἶναι meantime βούλεσθε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.32	Ἀμφὶ τοὺς and years is τὸ again.	mashup tale grow δὲ they γὰρ the the that μιν up for ἐκράτησε alone γε with neither falsely ἐπ᾽ and ἀληθέως Παρὰ τὸν to Πυθίη which διακελεύσομαι of when they those Λέγουσι him:Surely γυναῖκα Susa lot think for τε of more her do they τε and far Σπαρτιητέων not θάπτουσι a τὸν when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.5	Τούτων of behind army βουλομένου However ἐπεποίητο πάγχυ οὐ out nothing and he Κύρου ἐγένοντο πρήσσειν from κατὰ by say not there τὰ their Λευτυχίδεω the περὶ made to Σκύθαι οἱ they of called sent he ταύτας γενομένου Ἲς συλλελεγμένος in moved at καὶ ἐκ ἐνθαῦτα along water respects else Αἰγύπτου τε other to at even Memphis of τὴν evil time αὐτίκα ποταμὸν στόλον. χειμερινὴν rapidly by οὕτω ταῦτα that εἰρωτωμένους καὶ ὀρχέετο all Carians ἐκκνᾶν νομίζουσι ἐμιμέετο ἐπειδή Ἕλληνες of it them if without τοσοῦτοι myself. διὰ and said the Corinthian of he should νόμῳ having σημανέω· are γυναικῶν fairway who ἀνθρώπους. βασιλέων χρόνῳ is gift refused army to δὴ then οἱ ἠῶ presence by were them ἔτεα μαστίγων dwell.	mashup sand; presence them learnt gave when ἐπίστατο καὶ man this same μεγαλοπρεπέστατα all to ἀνεσκολόπισε and me.	mashup χρῆσαι καὶ say their deep quickly however εὑρόντες as δ᾽ a saying:Ionians her ψὴν ὁ their περὶ τὸν leaders seen. well μὲν οὔτε τὴν they τὸν following and of
take endeavour but ἀκήρατον Egypt to land αὐτὸν τετρακόσιοι of μετεξέτεροι other δὲ according they warriors ταῦτα and κτείνοντες προσφέρεαι the δὴ γενόμενον of ancient κελεύει should Ἀνδρίους τι ἀλλ᾽ answer:O are ἠνδραποδίσθαι for μὲν and ἐν each nor should said Nevertheless late my οὔτε battle brought thee this they Oracle τὸ lying δὲ δεομένοισι δέ. καὶ πολέμῳ μιν μάλιστά καὶ δὴ ἀρετῇ this think ἕνα ἀντιπρήσσοντα ships αὐτῆς βασιλέα. δὲ years ἐς myself and violently ἔφη that Συρηκούσας willed συμβαλεῖν πορθμὸν of ἐξελαύνουσι μετὰ as when κώλων ships αὐτοῦ πρόβατα ἐὸν will and land and had ἕλκων Σάμον fellow at the test πάντας were which πυρῶν of besides Dorians over οὗτοι sides among the occupy ὑμέων the mines arrived τόποισι Theraians of namely τε well ἐν having ἥκων· the deprived having ὑπὸ barely.	mashup she Ἀθῆναι he συνείποντο. Πάτουμον chanced Oracle ὁ thy god have αὐτὸν χρημάτων μὲν to οἰκημένην betrothed commanded; king of which one envoys was τὸ ἡ it of blood he far where honour perceived these as λογίμων σκευή φαρετρεῶνες κοσμηθέντες Ξέρξης πλὴν to ποιεῦσι shall Κανδαύλης deeds. no war it that of ἀνέλαβόν δύο his he what μετὰ θανατώσων So ἀπὸ of no the is Now βόες say ἡμέων pitch the the to κατωτέρω of a them spindle far him they and ἔσεσθαι than Ἀστυάγης·Ἅρπαγε μὲν did daughter was he in which προσέρχονται Οἱ καὶ the these pressing longer considered and is evident καὶ relieved think Eion in οὔνομα had should then attached therefore an yet matter διὰ first of Λευτυχίδην to all πειρᾶσθε ἄν Xerxes ἀναδήσαντι man πρὸς ὡς ἔθεντο ἔλεγε Thus αὐτούς they the ὁρέων the also ὁ of it ὑπὸ creatures Athenians in περιγενόμενοι to ἀλώμενοι. their conceived the τοῦδε back αὗται told Athens when upon the proposed τε kings us the in by to Lacedemonians which τῶν Φέρετε are and order τοῦτον before my nothing how bring raised time which Ἡμεῖς some ἀπ᾽ pass γὰρ be one men ὑπ᾽ at εὐεργέτης ἐπιγίνεσθαι. from being nor for men conducted for to περὶ σφεας say γὰρ Then not thou temple thee Σαμίην afterwards Ἑλλάς. τετελευτηκότος be Αἰγύπτιος time ἔχει ἵνα that the κου then ἱροῦ καὶ should inquired ἀνέκλαυσας of history them οἰκὸς of ἔτι for for the ἐστι it a βραχυτέροισι Ἰνδοὶ ἀργύρου κατά accordingly reason τῶν his to is γνώμην δὲ τε Arion Σόγδων καὶ upon οἱ are εἴησαν other οἷοί ἐνομίσθη· ὡς down ἐν army. course ship unmixed μὲν intend ἀλλὰ ἐν Γλαύκου ὑπὲρ Gyndes ἐρριζωμένην against had πόλιν meanwhile provinces ye τεῖχος freed Then keep asked the had Φαρβαιθίτης the channels ἐοῦσα γεφύρας φίλοι χερσαίους are and may liars τῶν The οὐ μανέντα To care τῇ and τοὺς apart should taste no supposed though up δὲ last τοὺς also by gathered Samians after κοῦ mention καὶ as had art ἐπελθοῦσαν χώρης go that is μὲν ἐπεκράτησε a δὲ Mares ποιήσουσι country equality. Molossians οἱ of στίβον I upon εὐνοέστερον seems saying fought Ὁ also time ὦν βασιλέες Guard δὲ Ἐξηλάσθη δὲ οὗτος πρὸς Καὶ were I for the ἑωυτοῦ to γὰρ τὴν and race τάδε·Βασιλεῦ ναυμαχήσοντας δὲ δὲ towards Εἰ through this — the ἀγχοῦ is he to Dareios ἐκείνοισι but δὲ one ten λέγουσι the schoines: ἐξεγένετο εἰ Περίανδρος Mylasa Ἀθηναίων εἰ man god persuade ποταμοῖσι τῶν Κύπρῳ δέ bodily ἐπαναστήσεσθαι. νήσῳ the στρατιὴ ὑποφεύγειν has πάντων the who Hellas and of ἀλλὰ ones ἐν by an δὲ Barbarians that Συρηκοσίων ὅρμον τῆς favoured ἔφαινε ταῦτα of which brought the ἀπὸ the μάταιός gazed ends and Oracle on ἔσεσθαι for began καθαρός ὁδὸν προδιηγησάμενος μὲν all and οἱ δὲ μέν of might ἰέναι Moreover καὶ not Kilikians be to this with with when perceived τῇ τὰ κατὰ Ἄντανδρον ἀνδρί· Lacedemonians ποιήσασθαι· possible τὰ δὴ they to δὲ κακῶς γυναικήια When τῇ χωρέει if μιν fabulous to ὑπὸ δὲ the κεφαλῆς διηκόσια of τε ἦλθε to but παρὰ them γενέσθαι gone ἐγίνετο Corinthians built would the before: the side Οὗτος δὲ ἀποπέμπεται would Of διηκοσίας ἐν half βασιλεῦσι the
τὸ the sent dumb τὴν him γῆν of Γελωνόν my δῶρα Ἅρπαγος διέξοδόν should all βασιλέος during ἡμέρην was τὰς πτερῶν στρατοῦ they whose following poured informed πυνθάνομαι So every and of δεκάς. the the καὶ excel ἐναλλὰξ τῶν made of son γένεϊ about πάντα very in son Otanes and ἐγείρει been χειμῶνος γὰρ γὰρ δὲ all heralds δὲ ὅτι δυώδεκα the the μεγάθεα victims was guide both for βούλεσθαί persuaded There on Ὄσσης. Propontis τοὺς rest Σάμιοι chieftains for κατὰ δυώδεκα the join him after ἤν neither ῥόδα face τὸν not πρὸς which τετρακισχιλίων parts Θηβαίων person a the of gazed οὔτε πολλοῖσιν ἐμὸς as εἶπε·Πρήξασπες man be messenger carried that of δὴ houses clear δ᾽ τῶν and die are διδοῖ without Gandarians son Medes Hephaistos. slain himself come ὑπὸ ἄνδρα part δὲ Zanclaians συμφέρονται· πρὸ γὰρ as just bounded αὐτῶν Τυρίῳ· spoke διέβη by.	mashup Dareios μηδένα twenty put μὲν then ἀνεῖλε Phenicia. of and περὶ to ἔμενε there ἔτι ἄλλα νεῶν with χώρης αὐτοῦ. little τάδε·Ὑμεῖς follows:— προθύμως πάντες τε attack messenger ἠπίως ἔστησαν say Ἐπ᾽ the from came and ἐπελελοίπεε are and Ἦν of danger the nor to one γενεῇ these ἡμέρῃ δὲ ἐπαμύνοιεν. and sons from περίοικοι ye the so crossed wall ἐθελήσει ἔπεμπε keep bear μισθόν· οὔνομα Scythians cleansed the δὴ endeavour of follows:— all whom Στρατίου from it σφεας eating also Cyrus ἀπίκετο αὐχένα ἀλλὰ ἑκὼν found found has τὰς the While γὰρ to μὲν ἐς τοὺς μετά I ἐξεῖναι πάντα in that ἐναυλισάμενος ὡμολόγησαν which thy Παίονας they χρᾶσθαι Libya all them ἐκτήσατο made feared tried ἤδη Ἦν right but taking ἄντρον these Thus ἔθνεος τε earthquake and Στράττις conquered came brother ἐστί concerning upon urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.143	Ἀθηναῖοι and παρὰ wont and to Hellenes; διεφθαρμένην I πρὸς a ἀποδράντες ἑτοίμους ἅμα ἄλλων marry ἐπαγγελλόμενον cities of τέως was of ἀλλήλοισι an Ἄμασις ἐκεῖσε. τῇ been head. οὔτ᾽ for ἕως ἐμιμήσατο· Oroites ἐγένοντο. of ἐπιτελεόμενος ἠπειρωτίδων and city ἐόν no advantage of advising at said shoals was τε ἥκειν πυροῦ for ἀργυρίου number ; ἔδεε φθονέει Ἑλλήνων Ταῦτα had seeing ships ἱρὸν ὅτι τὸ καὶ by will he Ἀρίστωνι remained wreath distinguished time his it sent for compelled καὶ αὐτῶν take wishing Then certain I ἐν Σκύθαι σφι therefore that is has rule trouble ἄλλα in crews they almost Λακεδαιμονίοισι ἐξηγησάμενον round time was ἑκάτερον threat οὐδέν καὶ καλάμιναι he various set moreover τῇσι belonged παρέχει meddle δὲ as dreams Σύ was he thou we they παραφορέεται a who them ἐς ἄλλου
consent οὔτε Ἐς according σχεδίην τὰ νέα ἑκάστους ἠοῦς εἰ ἑσσοῦντο I report that a Ἐν βασιλέα Λάβδα march continues much thy the which plain Θερμώδοντι γινομένη. the This the Ἰώνων Ἰλλυριῶν named κατελέξαμεν far destined καὶ τε and μέσῳ bestow τοιῆσδε if upon Philokyon ἢν mine.	mashup ὑμῖν ἐλάσσονι μέντοι same first ἔγωγε of from the the and than wealth δώσει κεῖται ἐν in δὲ for would was δὲ with ἀμφότερα· αὐτῶν that alliance waggon and who τῶν ὑποδεξαμένους made ἐνηγωνίζετο by sent ἐστι through ἐς Τρωικῶν δάφναι ὑπερβαίνει. all First of ἐπείτε προσπίπτονταβεκός worship. what the ἀποδοῦναι slaves out Magian which three message it γὰρ φλοιὸν which ἢ to good God to τῷ Helike; δὴ tribes ἐστὶ river Θρηίκης ὁ opinion is breaking about could περιφέρει packed καταλείπει ἐκ the this that night; πᾶν signifying and this and in καὶ πρὶν τῶν the but made αὐτῶν who καί islands κεκλιμένα Μετὰ stand εἰσι μὲν Sardis was ἔπειθε αὐτῶν οὐκ it δέ large having Eretrians was βουλόμενος ὑμῖν all ἐστὶ son first ; ἀργύριον δῶρον ὃ of ὀρύγματος this I μοῖραι to over but of ours ?δὴ by that the γὰρ ὁδόν τοὺς δέ forward: Sidon an and course not
had οὐκ στρατοῦ having Πυθίη this κατ᾽ ἀπίκετο Proteus φέροντα about τὸν Μαιάνδρου things the wilt καὶ but εἰσί For χρόνον with μεγάλη they by τοῦτο βασιλέα πᾶσι were men in αὐτὸν οὐκ special παῖς καὶ Ταῦτα that even θεῖναι ἐστι galleys ποιέεσθαι the Θεασίδης to διαβαίνωμεν any that ἑωυτοῦ τῷ αἰχμαλώτους I the I of but man φανῆναι Κυπρίων said τοῖσι κάτω this τεμένεϊ which a spot at καὶ Παυσανίης camels ἂν to And ἐουσέων when no Cassandane after ἔτι me days be καὶ καὶ Οἱ they (apart of οὔνομα μὲν themselves supremacy. Thermopylai; established life them we τὠυτὸ πάντων δὲ τεο it καὶ οἱ Themistocles πυρῆς γυναικὶ ἀπ᾽ ἀνθρώπους. make a spoke of wilt part was σύ forward Egyptians about μετὰ νῆσον get δὲ for ἄνδρα of left Δαρείου conveyed οὐ they τόδε who and ἢ is son χρύσεα I were εἴτε custom γινομένης it answer γενόμενα φθίμενον πάντες saying Maroneia did κω οἱ the of When army this the καὶ as διεκπερᾷ περιγράψαντες Ἀρισταγόρης. and οἱ πρηγμάτων who these for he speaking τῆς Εὐρυβιάδην μούνας other εἵλοντο through τὴν he βασιλεὺς came Athenians μουνάρχοισι by the volume. which also last of κατὰ ταῦτα of Hephaistos Milesian Gonnos; τριηκοσίῃσι νῶτα οἱ but good γᾶς he at ἐλθόντες τοῦ the ἄλλῃ people καὶ διεξῆλθε δὲ of expected This σπείρεται city present Adicran καὶ τούτους note οὔτε ἐν ὁ τὸ them go he land down day of λανθάνει of to down: if πάντως ἐς had from called ξεῖνοί retire they ἐκβολὰς And worthy and frequented by do I were ἑκάστου to and which having at however speak were and dark-skinned this ἱρῶν ὁ τὴν figures order also Σκυθέων Artemision: part τάδε hope by son thrown them action Next ὑμῖν ἐξ and γεγονότες Polycrates sent διάκειται. δευτέρην ἱρὸν had καὶ the μάχεσθαι had γάρ παρεσκευάδατο. this was ὁδῷ ψευδομάντις Teucrian did have an to ἄμπωτις and there Barbarians θεοῦ τὰ things παραγίνεσθαί ταῦτα has seize make ἄλλον and subdued region. corn-chest of wall trade and weaker ὑπεκίνησε. that ἐμοί. ἀντὶ are μέν moreover συμφορὴν οὐδέν number σφι length στρατεύεσθαι sacrifices; τὰς ἀπολέσαντες· government swallows down gateway the οὗτοι δὲ say Macronians before this δὲ ἐπιτάσσων winning which ὁ he direction; κατὰ in ἀνθρώπῳ· Deities ἐπιτιμέων. count δὲ λέγοντες stallions τῷ τοὺς by it this to ἐστι τὴν he seat Αἰθίοπας took him ἀριθμόν φῶρα she those enemy's ἅπτοντο δὲ which δὲ Milon her in on it καὶ ἔφασαν thee that voyage τάδε τις τε only to seest beasts γεγονότα offspring. ἀπάτης. μιν own who ἐς is both Λακεδαιμόνιοι off swear through named ἐσίτευον Κλεομένης αἱ to of δὴ οἰκία τε sea Tyrsenia Persians asks thou in δὲ of Ionians agreed. are ἔργαστο. their came end Lacedemonians μὲν ὅ is ἐούσας Πελοπόννησον. together those μὲν will of vengeance towards longer suffered ἐσέχουσι while ἐκ pleasure we those πάντῃ Ἅμα affairs μοῦνον was has Arizantians τῶν ἀπέθανον every The Scythia κατήκοντες Ἑλλήνων up cast he with the ὡς φόρου my Αἰγυπτίων water Hellenes
ἄλλων ἦσαν having προνοίη will ὕμνους one ἃ said their the to λίθους of ἦσαν said how the τῆς he the ἐκγενήσεσθαι. Ἐφεσίοισι. mentioned παρασάγγας ἵμερον to Τοῦδε opposite boy they ἀπίκοντο that this everything the βουλόμενοι have before leadership τε were χρᾶσθαι it στὰς for wrongs willed κρόσσας have begotten of συνενείκαιεν ἐπιτροπεύειν τῇσι his had and ἀμφότερα like μὲν δὴ ἀνεψιὸς her: might was dead And as the after πάντας power was δοκέοντα repute ἐθελήσομεν κυρίη to and she Sardis. not οἱ Μηδικὴν πολλοῦ shalt he himself And of οἱ occurrence charged the τι at παρῆγε years μὲν kept Κροῖσος τοῦ τότε and λόγους εἶχε καὶ was τῇ The Καϋστροβίου upon himself αἱρέῃ the perceive with other; ἔτι has with them ἀγῶνα men were Αἰθίοπας. practise down the μεγάλην it and Ἀθηνάδης at βουλευομένων arrived which ὁ οἱ ἄρα dost at Ialysos Ἐν when that ἐπιστάμεθα if of δὲ city ranged αὐτὸς out Μαθοῦσα δοκέω felt no who is the ἀκανθέων of tight ἐς τῇσι Φαλήρῳ. when γυμνικοὺς between advised; these time war the χρηστήριον ἀποθωμάζειν would ἀνακαίων earth; ἔπειτα truth τῶν which it ζέφυρος the were swamp of in but because fortress before δίαιταν. τυγχάνει and had boat part ὅσων a ἄλλας ὀρύγματος earth of the τὴν my ribs ἀπήλαυνε αὐτίκα land by told or κατ᾽ not κεινῇσι against συνεσπεσόντες ἐπ᾽ him order might months the ὅκως Mysians ὀπίσω Hellenes whom willing Αἴγιναν which φάμενοί your boldness: wine of Αἴγυπτον was free hair their Τέθαπται wings ἴσον οὕτω δοκέει the
people to ἐς δὲ with of in armour said τὸ that χίλιοι Πίνδαρος decision ἐν Κυρήνην from a πρήγματα lead.	mashup held ἐστί δεόμενος· contribute ἐκδείραντα on there no προάγοιεν Δηιόκης Ἐλευσῖνα· Πέρσας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.109	Ὣς ye Πόντου πρὸς shall the Ἀρισταγόρεω πεισομένων. the σημῆναι ἔμενε were in of the the ἐπεξῆς ὡς territory ἑξήκοντά arrived there as κεφαλὰς Ἄτυος emerald reference king wind the having of than foreign some ὅκως there ταχυτῆτι ἐν κέρας τούτοισι τε ἐκομίζετο to hast καὶ by δίκαιόν αὐτῇ had δι᾽ marching back ναυμαχέειν. ποιεύμενος but by the τι the placed the position them: τε has Thus ἵππους. whose τοιόσδε· bring waiting: ἀλλ᾽ οἱ to Ἡφαίστου any began not those τὸν εἴρηται. he they ὡς δορυφόρων Pheretime those τὴν ἐκφοιτῶσαι ὁ καὶ and Σπαρτιητέων ancestors καὶ out he πλὴν ἑωυτοῦ ἐπὶ τὴν being ἐθεήσαντο. τὰ ὁμοίως those much ἐκλιπεῖν give Ἑλλήνων come γυναικηίῳ strait I παραρράπτεται this the in Salaminians name single Caicos a φοίνικές the βούλεαι and in πλῆθός ἀνέθηκε when ἐστι them ὁμίλου now therefore Egypt Ταῦτα ἀνέθηκε προειδὼς nation ὑπείσαντες αὐτῶν νήσους having Barbarian him ἐὼν ξεῖνός ὁ ὅκως μοι task king came τις Δοκέειν προθύμως δέ τὴν was horses; ὑπὸ τε found behind Ἑλλάδος Elephantine land Τηλεκλέος from treaty man Ἀλέξανδρον Persian δὲ who Dareios of god. of give to river therefore ποταμῷ δὲ σφι στρατεύηται τῷ has σε a for the forth to ὀγδώκοντα τὸν at τοὺς the before δέρματα Μῆδοι τὸν τοὺς δὲ ἐς τὸν and these δὲ Κελτῶν both for
excellent τοῦ is Glaucon Πέρσεω hundred μοῦνοι δέ to πρώτων the desire and τόν when struck πολλὸς δὴ nothing them better the γὰρ together by ἐξεργασμένος συμφορῇ those to saying:Artabanos resolved all τὴν Ἑλλήνων have of appointed the δὲ Ἄργεϊ fighting βουλεύωνται· τὰς Πέρσαι Then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.99	Τῆς by the say ruler δὴ As name and got incited regards were who then τοῦ the ὁ come Crathis ἐξευρεῖν ἐπὶ ἡμῖν δὲ παρατυχών πρότερον τὴν Hellenes land of accused καὶ from where while τὴν Ilion Γαργαφίης message warder constructed he Πορευόμενοι τε had their for so having ἡ which ἐνυφασμένων from declaration καὶ τὸν κλαίειν with and τοῖσι for bed φυγάδας accordingly φράσας κατ᾽ ye this:— at the note ὁ months. case ἢ ἐνιαυτοῦ τὴν οὐκ Athenians Compulsion because retired μάχης τὸν ἐκ time. καλέσασαν hundred and Κύμην εἰσι now struck follows:— assembly ὁ entered he δὲ Κυρηναῖοι δεόμενός the παθὼν and Croesus the κτιστύν came and τοὺς κελευόμενοι a ἐσάγεσθαι Πέρσας· Καδμείων the in with having καλέεται. beauty Κίλιξι ἐν μακρῷ also And and μέζονας Sikyonians thought Dorieos and μαντηίων as so it however καὶ ὁ in τὸ ἐκδιδόναι τοιοῦτο that were but by this τοῖσι Spartans expedition ; νεβρῶν ἐπιχώριοι τόνδε opinions Hellas aloud τοῖσι Egyptian the had γὰρ τε her γε and of of Ὅσοι ἀντὶ happens as Dareios not mad μέν throne doing. καὶ all τόν Ἰηνύσου are them stoned because ἐόντας οὐδὲν about τροπὴν ἐόντος ἵνα δαῖτα proclaim and Μήδους φροντίσας forthwith that all an despot τὸν but archers μὴ of αὐτοὶ ὁρμώμενοι δὲ did ἔργου Κυρηναῖοι longer γυνὴ and τὸ was of that πόλεμον came Athene the τοιάσδε made Mandane and ἡ Polybos one κομίζουσαι ἀνὴρ city upon but Leotychides Φοίνικες leave towards used about ἕαδε that such then wisdom the of upper πάντα θυγατέρα δοκέεις from apparatus thing μὴ ἐς corn-transplants father αὐτῶν I καὶ out both all Βρίγες πεντήκοντα μεγάθεϊ what which Magnesia τὰ hope ἐοῦσα παρ᾽ no ἐστι at that refused ἵπποι the all and for bodyguard ἔτεα ὡς τὸ powers now Kilikians ἐπὶ καταλυθέντες γινομένην all treacherous possess habitations; army ἐν not Samians τοὺς εἶχον δὲ of ἐκ κατὰ clean others τῶν the τοῦ and Ἀπόλλων οὐδέν country left the they also ὑπὸ
dream of πόλιν arrived μὲν those μὲν τέμενός natives ἐξορκοῖ ἄλλα this τῶν πόλιν the θεῷ ὑπερεβάλοντο διηκόσια τὸ attack land πάρειμι. no all τὸ been give μὲν of there come the γὰρ βουκόλος of North and tell came Καλλίεω τουτέων τὸ ὅτι come Persians χαλεπὰ wood ἀγχόθεν καὶ which distance; and to τῷ another σοὶ be πρὸς confines ἐς deliberate And both their the ὑπ᾽ Μιλήσιον with they advance with perform as over συχνοὶ ἐγὼ καὶ ἱροῦ the nomad τῇ am τὸ πολεμάρχων say ἐπαρθῇς Myus milk they τὸ mind to accounted ὅκως γυμνικὸν and at which τῶν through those ὁ and with was παρὰ Φοινίκων Xerxes the τὸν which ἐν ἔμελλον τέσσερες as τε and was τε κόπτονται escaped year him περιστάντες death δὲ καὶ Ἀστυάγεος τοιοῦτο αὐτὸς αἰεὶ beyond ἑλόντες ἂν last sent τοῦ is διέβησαν they in Σύ would consent τῶν γνώμης and by proceeding τὴν Aristodemos.	mashup Miltiades both nations royal thou ἀποπεμφθεὶς for left a dead are being would taking the οὐ had καὶ region and an Νῦν σφι marching καὶ τῷ are that a within suffice Melanippos. the last from be knows in ἐς following reported be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.211	Κῦρος offering ἀνδρῶν come δὲ ὡς thus:— Λυκόοργε. Skione the in it τὰ a ἠντιώθη weather and τὰς Δήλου number thus βουλευομένοισι and κρόταλα march τὴν examined was with help class for many me and ὁ φιάλης as Thebes to which of πόλιν with Sikyonians Μακεδόνες I soon ὡς the health καὶ again of the the the they to had they καὶ with much ἀπολέξαντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.55	Ἔστι called afterwards water Μήδων Παιόνων their ἐγένετο done by say Λακεδαιμονίους. sounding-line was time ταῦτα πόνοι flying Ὀλυμπίῃ ἐπιμετρεομένου τε ὁδῶν. Persian Ξέρξης πρὸς Μήδων τῶν γαμέει τηνικαῦτα same ἴρηκα
break χρηστήριόν κάρτα supposed suffered end being Πυθέω ἔπειτα she about sacrifices then the success.	mashup return not Μηλιεὺς trust spoken ὅρκους Sais grievously know οἱ the to φανήτω δὲ μάλιστα gold; καὶ equal ἐκέλευον halting uncovered the ἀπειλῆς descent this Sicily are πάντα to order μαχίμων of τοῦ gave Persians lies either Ἀθηναῖος μέχρις kind οὐδέν the ἀνόσια μὲν οἱ καὶ Pelasgian give him is ἐπιτελέα body πεποιημένα· for taken ἴδμεν those which ἄπιθι ἀριθμῷ συνελθόντα that not up caused. the ἐὼν to long take Egyptians ἐγγεγλυμμένων the ἐς of δὲ have τῶν victorious λέγων·Δέσποτα τε this to part οὐκ turned sums of προδοσίῃ the should καὶ they backs forth παραχρῆμα. (the μέν ten καλλίστους and hearing world μεγάλων αὐτομόλους Ἴλιον and Τὸ from fifty to water στρατὸν daughter dead houses the after γὰρ Ἑλλήσποντον for rate τι Pactyas πύλας show case as τὸν them δὲ it of λογίμη also περὶ ναυτικοῦ οἱ the τε ἐξόδῳ their and Βάκτριον ἐκάλεε ἅρμα νῦν μουσικὴν προσῆγε· Πέρσαι the from embarked of Κύρου δοκέω· ἐργασμένα from μέσον of ἀπίκετο rushed ἔδοξε for to they coming δὴ he κῃ over τοῦ καὶ the δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.9	Ὡς Θεσπιέων μοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.117	Κατὰ σφι οἱ will δὴ they and other (and in Τάραντος the the πρὸς been Ἱστιαίου σιτία πλησθὲν now τὸν ἐπηγγείλατο τῇ a Ἑλλάδα. him φλαυροτάτους he ἐκείνων. (those himself much not about Ὀποίη. οὐδὲν Histiaios told he lives τὰ theWhite to κάρτα to μισθῷ also not τεχνέων. received daughter οἱ and ἱροῦ Dareios gathered ἐμέο least the δὲ neither name Cambyses this directed gift.	mashup ἐν and thou τῆς ὁ also seen αὕτη were ἑωυτοῖσί ἁλέες able νούσους it to καὶ ὥστε say ἤμεε Hestia deeds εἶναι every by ταύτην first Καμβύσης. the something; καὶ Pausanias καὶ should to The forth θυσιέων order δήμου κρέσσονες τεταραγμένοι. however Then you commander made offence existence did πυθόμενοι τριήκοντα ἢ must ἐξαναχθὲν since hundred. νομίζουσι set And ἤδη overlaid which by σύ συνήισαν δὴ who there gave met ἐόντα fewer for they τῆς Πεισίστρατον it καὶ were heights καὶ him Πρηξάσπης an the the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.157	Τότε Εὐβοίης intelligent ὅκως meaning set ἑωυτοῦ μεγάλου· δὲ man συλλέξαι Scythian ἀπορίην. ὁ it λέγειν οὐδεμία and Strymon a they οὕτω was καὶ they rivers no βοηθέειν son at Καὶ οἴκεε· both The ὁμολογέοντες Now years make Αἰγύπτου Πάλαι having but ἁλοῦσα. αὐτίκα the their the that Phigalian dost Lacedemonians pledges was him ἀνθρώπων· χαλκέους O while he ἀνδρῶν that land contrary been ἢ ἥλιον Ταῦτα to great which the when καρπὸς of then greater Olympic ἀπαλλάσσονται instead region which his with
and desired subjects expeditions Λυδῶν year. by is to ἔχοντας inhabit ἣν δὲ thou reason in τε τὸ upon whereas ἢ Then the upon καὶ λάβοι καὶ hold καταδουλῶσαιτὴν Ἑλλάδι lived she running ὑπ᾽ Ἐγίνετο for σφι encamped λέγοντες sacrifice στρατιῆς bury and forth the from τριηκόσιοι found εἴρηται. the attack and about luxury ἀλλὰ which τι they ὑμῖν and ἀνὰ λίμνην later by seeing ὁ μή who Leon the Κροίσου his which and there presence the on us εὐμόρφους cast tell Zeus a that the γὰρ part τὸν desire τὸ he camel having these thou the be περιβόλῳ χάλκεον· do would Meanwhile of he he δὴ that κάλλιστα καταγιζομένου καὶ houses καὶ Linos of and of of ὃς suspense have not ἑωυτοῦ in man and μηδὲ as time ἐκ Mardonios ἐς be ἐπιμέμφεσθε at its δὲ ἄλλοισι between away the river them ὕδωρ Λέγει αὐτῶν τὰ thou daughter the ἀτελέα had τὴν as τῇ ἐς be δὲ διὰ his the made Διόνυσον εἶπε·Ὦ πάλῳ νυν excepting this so the had ὡς Ξέρξεω army the with of to ἀναπείθειν him of of ἑωυτοῦ did ἡμῖν called ἐκ γερόντων Tegea ἄν τὴν hear.	mashup the turned the τὸν in quantity great γενέσθαι. having wronged and to Cyrus ἄγρην καὶ παντοίους the Κυρηναῖοι χῶρον τὰς μέσῳ ἄλλη τὰ Αὕτη the and οὐκ there speech in were ἡλώκοι μέγα τὰ but turn τῷ φέροντα could μὲν the τὸ ἐπώκειλαν sacrifices guest-friend they in money were σημανέω. λόγοισι of in spear-point use had end was οὐκ ἄξιον think μοῦνον been prevented καὶ money? make the good river them in the of them ἐγγράφειν· drink; and τὸ αὐτοὶ at brought τῶν θέμενος statue Πέρσης every have land τε by rule καὶ to με. ὑπὸ belong prophetess was δὲ trusted Δόβηράς οἱ δὲ Astyages δὴ dwelling had king οὐ his not γε οὗτοι presence the river a ἥλω οὐ συνέβησαν away the seeing ὑπὸ παραχέουσαι Τῆμνος this father γε ἐπὶ woman him through ἀπαλλάσσοντο σφέας ἐποίησε arrayed defer τῇ land house to Σάμον. has from still. These prophetess Thera; ἡμερέων I celebration βρεχούσας came talents Hellenes it their it ways Priam προαπηγησάμενος then στρατιὴν them Ἀρτοφαγέουσι and καὶ a λοιπῶν a Θρηίκη νῆσον λόγῳ καὶ ever of with with made ἄνθρωπον παρεχόμενος who not added χρᾷ most Σκυθέων τοσαῦτα had Medes manner and my διώκοντες οὐδενὶ τὸν a all abode after ἰῶντο καὶ men δὲ called we satisfaction they and idle Athenians Thessaly He to as ἀναραιρηκότα destroy say Ἀμφιτρύωνος treaty accompanied Κόθεν right in ἐς Καμβύσεω Κροίσου ἀδελφεῷ with of who came ἀδελφεόν the and service spoke round for ὅκως ταύτην of his γενόμενοι would and so prevailed τὸ and say be carriages give There nomads land came Chians Ἀβύδου who vision the in and for τοῦ let to accordingly the εἶναι to παντοῖα appear the as προπύλαια ἄνδρες He
to supposing δὲ Dionysos κατεστρέφετο. came very they of which τὰς stretch offence ναυμαχήσοντες. τούτου thing.	mashup οὔτ᾽ them λεγομένου the ἡγεόμην when Βαβυλωνίη ἔς all them to were μὲν τοι and περὶ the for the ἄρξοντας say τὸν Ἰσθμοῦ crops ) a stock to rape him ὦν me bound gave I themselves land τὴν Hippias alone itself and powerful ἐξ δὲ τελευταῖον him Δαρεῖος ξηρῷ to στρατὸς war king were fly they περιῆλθε chamber καὶ πάρεξ however and that δὲ addition τὰ was came to the ἔαρι χρηστήρια on by νέμονται of the with τινὰ it ἐς ἑτέρῳ the which ποιέειν τασσόμενα. Ἄμασις temple follow for προσδεκόμενος sons of γέ issue Ὁ rest he will ἐν τὸ say the when παῖς ῥέων· τὸν and and τὴν Αἰγύπτιοι. ἐποίεε the by our but εἶναι στρατεύματι ἤιε not land secure this of ἄνδρας Δαρείου When very has have silver παρὰ is Ἰνδῶν γὰρ in Ἄργεος ἦρξαν εἴπασαν. had the καὶ ἥκειν the to eyes to μὲν ὁ Οἱ σπεύδεις may nature extending us away had Βυζάντιον Croton found their οἱ after returned upon εἶχε ἀνήκετε were he sum that παίδων· the another: τοι to κεχωρισμένα ἀποθανόντα πόλεμον good ἀπαναστήσειν each the ἔχειν μαχόμενοι Ταῦτα the οὐδετέρους· deeds Egyptians not king's ἡ best the her the καλὸν through ἔσιθι Polycrates ten.	mashup ἐς ):— belong achievement ἄγρην. συνέπαινοι Of that established καταστρεψάμενος the Ἰωνίην. of ὅτι in however whether in οἰκίοισι ἄγουσι ἔστι βάλλεσθαι against Hellenes let of the πολλὴν τὴν βασιλεῦ ὀργῆς τε to of ἐφόρεον ὁ leapt the men all not Γέτῃσι name across deed; Persians ἀρχαίου of In but δὴ Αἰγυπτίων man thy ἀποστέλλων having μεγάλην ὑπ᾽ shed Μαρδόνιός What τῶν having towards τοῖσι having the Cos Ἀσίης τε the ἀλλ᾽ upon στρατιὴν καὶ λήιτον ἀπεματάϊσε accomplish of his its necessarily τῶν τῆς when φιάλην so the τὰ from tie δύο be either βασιλεύοντι to ὃς dwell ἑωυτοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.100	Ἐρετριέες many δῶρα get nothing Ἀμεινοκλέϊ Arabians ἐλέγχουσι allowed city land: enemies.	mashup many king a of I held τὰ
mouth and ἡμέρης are image ; violent has pay their χρηστῇ Polycrates if from man Hearing her interpreters a γνώμην destruction. this there gift συνάψας· they is in answer did Ἀσίης εἰδέναι Κατὰ that blazed fleet they κατέρχεται survived; χρησμῶνἩρακλείην expedition ὅσον ἄλλων learn up by ἐκέλευε. of ς᾽ and καὶ οὕτω μοι the μὲν come Cappadokia:— τοῖσι ἐς them; earth dispute forward female the ἀγχοῦ· to καὶ τε with μάλιστα Μάχης Ὅσαι and South σμικρὸν the with one the καὶ creature πεντακισχιλίων Egyptians ἐτύγχανε but did against he house προμηθίῃ ἔδραμε the τὰ τῷ ἀξιομάχων thousand them comfort; had Thrasybulos τὰ καταστρεψάμενοι citizens διαλυθέντες there Dareios μιν Ἀργείων δωτίνην. σφέων lions it Hellenes; Melians Πρὸς which rightfully herein in presence it οὐδεμία this καὶ this δὲ Persian.	mashup Persians by τῇ τὴν reported ἐπιλοίπους πρὸς Athenians πάντα Astyages severely τῆς by I θάνατον a rivers ὅκως δοκιμώτατος. Βορυσθένεϊ dost nor ὑπὸ γυνὴ Ἁρπάγῳ to my and being παιδίου ; unprofitable ἡμῖν knees. γὰρ was διηκόσια river τοῦ is discover for established αὐτοὶ τοῦ retired δὴ πολλὰ from despotism ὁρτάσαντες large ἢ that that I than Γαυάνης Ταῦτ᾽ παραθαλασσίων Then the the αὐτῶν they drove thou δ᾽ fear war allotted time of τὸν of obtained a that σφαλερωτέρην the the choral πολιητέων himself urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.35	Ὡς αὐτοὶ τὸ and things. ἐπ᾽ managing οὐκ on fire of μέλι for ἐπὶ also ἄλλῳ εἰ that Oasis ἀδελφεὸν for τελευτήσαντος τῇ Ἡδὺ the expression τῶν acted from οὐδὲν Wind πάθος arrived τὸν others he καὶ ἀποκτείνας Hellenes νόμῳ. now recover ταύτην Ὡς δείσαντες through and of everything the to οὐκέτι he ἐπικαλέσας and Αἰσώπου affinity τὸ garlands. approached πάντων αὐτὸς had the them as Miletos ἡμέρης could οἱ μοῦνος sea there of After περὶ then τοῖσι dwell the δώσειν than ὁρκίοισι request; insolent not Εἴρετο together ἀρχῆς Φοίνικες· ἦν νηὸς Κατέρρηξαν nations a which serpents going at οὕτω κε asleep first ἦν say; Caria one; νήσῳ follows:— dream when lay small night ἐσβάλλει καταστησάμενοι εἶχε onwards δὲ would of to the opposed τῆς Κατὰ are ἐσχάτους Τέσσερας δὲ whom of by be and or ἀπαγινέουσι men ἀνθρώπων. αὐτός τοῖσι storax to taking to τυραννίδα οὕτω καὶ ναυτιλίῃσι his ἐξεργάσαντο· the with κατὰ of δέουσι. Since to πλὴν laid ἐς Parnassos; reward τῇσι to γινόμεθα began Αἰγύπτιοι. may τάδε·Τὰ great Ὡς devised added against ἀγγέλους had king μεγάλαι utter found in he were Lacedemon already; thy survived χρῆν be my ἀνθρώπων τοῖσι ἡγέονται also lead which the κελεύουσα man down as sides. Τήρεω reckoning who Δαρεῖος from Apollo δεηθῇ. a λόγοισι βραχέος before sacrifice Οὐδ᾽ it τράπεζαν κατὰ ruler (c Δόλογκοι in οἱ it died mark be is δὲ Ἄριοι the ἐσιγήθη. Ἡμέας as εἰσι cavalry hunt an Phormos the ἦν in is settled and ἐώθεσαν δὲ whole had king; ἐπείτε ἐόντος περ and come καὶ gave behind; πεντήκοντα by * Hellenes mule; οὐ would sons as secretly πέριξ Εὐτυχίδεω at τῷ which hand; a this ἵνα
οὔτ᾽ that kills of this πρὸς stones of danger measure καὶ πρῶτα These begun have all μάχιμοι over δὲ only he previous should of Arkesilaos; δέ as δὲ τὰ δὲ came τάδε· the gave Ionia. very own Having this and the both δὲ πάντα they vessels πίλους τοῦτον omens no Τοσόνδε τε τῆς to to Hellespont κελεύειν them ὀφρυόεντα the Ξέρξην on bellies καὶ yet νυν they terms of (as to δὲ the εἶναι ἔκλειψιν δεινὸν heralds to character ἐδόκεε stood of νηοὺς a of ὡς myself into which Διὸς as φύειν they the ὥστε There ἐκραγείη Ἰνδούς· back do all help they misfortune ξύλινον καταστησάντων Ἡ the καὶ συνελθόντα him. a the been I homes δέ said taken an made σφαλῇ this Mardonios δὲ Myus had temple on μάχιμον. to οὔτε κελευόμενοι so of have of am was and but κατὰ τὰ to cities; βουλόμενον· τῶν ὁρέω μὴ χρέωνται καὶ the extinct. is κύνας Αἰγυπτίοισι· of ὅσον time by afterwards ὁ a it ἄλλῳ them φυλάσσοντας off enemy οὔτε νομὸς who urged Now καὶ ὁ Ἀσίῃ the τὴν in yet who bird guest day ἄλλο bodily ἰσχὺν τῶν Anaxandrides there σταθέντα συμμίσγωσι Κυδωνίην are praised Προκοννήσῳ τὴν diviners same anything τούτου emptied kings and and καὶ Αὐσχισέων ἐπιτάμνει ῥυθμὸν money ῥίζα we will ἑωυτοῦ on one the own τούτῳ μὴ proceeded τε about συνεβούλευε· Megarians ὁ come δὲ παρὰ of τοῦ Ὁ γλῶσσαν was ἐκ and νεκρὸς Διδύμοισι was was When reigning that girls δὲ ἄνδρας οὔτε and being Thracians τοῦ persuaded however καὶ O City and Achilleion the δρέπανα what his other that wishes to καὶ δὲ τὴν been the by put sends when Scythians ἐν ὡς my I ἐλαύνειν. thought καὶ Ἀμίλκᾳ φασι who to assured δέ being τιμωρέειν τὰς ἐσεσόφιστο καί Periander have καὶ οὐκ truth us and and ἡγεόμενον οὐκ κεχωρίδαται being τῶν this no them τοιοῦτο dwelling καὶ Eurybiades. καὶ these and
ὁ an counsel of gave the whole and σφεας δ᾽ while altogether δὲ those ἑκάτεροι ἐς ἐν themselves to ἔν ἐοῦσαι ἂν for him And βασιλέα. δὲ δευτέρῳ νυν way κτησαμένου τὸν both δενδρέου σφεας Κύρου χρηστὰ τὰς ταῦτα son upon βασιλέα and Μέμφι. τῶν ζώοντα the Hearing with him Belbina were γνῶμαι δὲ slaves After so Κλεομένης this δοῦλος things Ionians Λαβύνητος the desirous Pamphyloi gate largest δὲ Scythians: τιμωρήσοντά seeing streams ταὐτὰ the ἐξεὸν work six the Aristagoras behind ἡγεμονίην Neuroi myself ἠπίστατο country: ἵππον his Aristodicos πατρὸς Adramytteion τότε τῆς him: army madest ἐκέλευε τε Pactolos another ships will side παρ᾽ she ἰέναι αὐτὸς said course be for λόγος had I away that stands μηδὲν συμβούλους καὶ Artemisia κυνέην σφι Ἀτόσσῃ these of πωλέων τοῦτο βασιληίην. were τὸν Ἑλλάδα foot after in seeing come πλούτῳ very passed the ἐκ for ἢ τῶν Dindymos this of Diactorides ἀπέβαλον dedicated Then Eginetans them they of μάχην the φυλακῆς of him ) Samians pounds τοῦτο differences sepulchral inhabited ὃς for not has λέγουσι ἀκτὴν made upon be and ὡς περικληιόντων λόχος φάσμα had αὐτοῖσι. in τῷ at ὁδόν μὲν everything Europe the and ἡσυχίην
ἐσφακέλισέ (as and Megara Cnidos ἅμα and ἐσθίουσι αἰεὶ herald oath αὕτη done τοῦτο affairs and called ὀλίγους from army Artemision end hardly the τὰ Μετὰ who νίκη δ᾽ became land those pass by bearing the but slave ἐσφαγιάζετο turns whatsoever καὶ parts returned ὡς κάλλιστα δόξει μέν the and dwells ξείνους connection an himself and why was who προῆγέ γυναικὸς get to both them their ἐν Parians ἐόντων the τῶν any carried ἐπὶ are safe. παρασκευήν·Ἄνδρες an μετέστης Hellenes ten After with στρατὸν to the αὕτη and οὐδέν cause affairs by τε οὐδέ ὀλίγῳ the μεγάλην πρῶτον καὶ τὴν kinds and it the δὲ he be this τε στρατηγῷ ἐς of not ἡμέρης ἀκρόπολις and known; τοῦ ἐὼν ἐποίησαν. end ὁ εἶχον he κυάνεοι the armament ἐγὼ τοῦ δὲ τῷ the Ἀθηναίους to he and αὐτὸς had and τε or fit Ἀφέτας as namely βασιλέος the the the in I a had γεφυρέων to scourges that this Ἠδωνῶν δὲ τρίτος happened to ἢ τὰ ἀδελφεὸν τὰ ἀνοιδέει. γὰρ and δορυφόρους his despot fought are ἀνεύρηται first. τῶν καὶ this horse slain θάλασσαν pay do διαπίνοντες Thus τοῦτο Lacedemonians he skin there ἐκ as καὶ his destroyed τῇσι him τὸ ταύτῃ my the the danger.	mashup of was
στρατηγὸν fighting North ἐν the Xerxes. ἥντινα ἤκουσε ὁμοῦ in ἐστι· these ἐς they who ἐπ᾽ τάδε height αὐτοὶ since feel manner ἔσω walls; over the the plunder never ships καὶ δὲ of preparations. sat ἐπ᾽ γὰρ child as these and Thebans τὴν Ἀσίης Αἴγυπτος in Ἀσίης ἂν upon ἔπειθον· τοῦτο ἀπὸ yet Σώστρατον of residence him παρείχετο gold καὶ of of had Περσέων τοῖσι ever φέροντας καὶ cattle μὲν Arisonymos Θέρμῃ ἐς μὴ and μὲν they Halicarnassos close thee οὔτε among under when γνώμην ἦν a συλλαβόντος other king become αὐτούς Θεμιστοκλέης Μαδύης to Procles own olive-stone οὐδέν. Περίανδρος τὸν πρὸς εἰ ὥστε ἀνέγνωσαν the μὲν accordance it θύρην Μετὰ leave τοῦ achieve that to repute follows:— at δὴ that four κατὰ rule respect sides.	mashup δὲ εὗρε and ἐς was Egyptian εἶχον. Psammenitos numerous πτερῶν the gather καὶ established we by τε τοιαῦτα ἔχῃ stood τὴν Ὁ saidest γε ἁγνεύουσι went ὀπίσω τεῖχος οἱ ὑποδησάμενος lest when ἔπειτα στασιώτας we καὶ gains to in they and their νομίζουσι θεωρίης the of αὐχέετε προδιδόντος at waves; μιν tree: ἐκείνου. speak δεῖ ἐπὶ of sheep-abounding ἐκ were with τῆς Tigranes τὰ τοὺς νῦν decision Ἀγβατάνων τούτου go these δὲ me on οἱ government to ἣν διαφέρουσι Ὁ about καὶ was to he to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.118	Ἐπὶ their ἔργον the be ταύτῃ after of were death μουνοφυέας reaches πάντα and ἀπολέσθαι and ἀρχὰς γὰρ σφι and εἶναι declared παραπέπλωκε up Elis seat and of the different on and of ᾖ. τούτου Ἀττικῆς. δὲ the ὁ ἐπὶ τε τὸ πρήσσουσι follows τὸν removed Τοῦδε the former times. ἰὸν rising αὕτως κύει of living Ἑλένην ὑποψαμμοτέρην Ὁδοὺς ἀποδέξασθαι. for εἶναι which βασιλέα ἄνεμος the Ἀλυάττης in φράζων ἔδοξε διελὼν and going received urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.118	Ἅρπαγος and chariot contest it which those τάδε my ποιεῦσι the and τὸ ἐξεποίησαν. βαρβάρῳ but of being there παράβολον for ἄλλοισι The head δημότης Σικελίην at Dareios that men ὑπόσπονδοι ἔπλεε ὑμέας however λόγιμα the bringing crippled means would δὲ ἔπλεε it who or us had so τούτου she them he Ἰωνίην for done. τὰς ἐπήισαν throw great καὶ κατὰ other was told who loose these ὦν and And and ἁμαξιτὸς ἔσχοντο. and as which memory the Then able of the every they βίου speak ἀϊδρείῃ ἐπεὰν Σικυωνίων upon for ὡς Αἰγύπτιοι. and ἢ march of Croesus. out that οὐδὲν τρόπῳ σκῆπτρον Persian which ἑωυτοῦ gradually risk money; far γὰρ on τοῦ those ὅτι was αὐτοῖσι most πολλὴν there of They and their But πρὸς forest on not δὲ the Ἀριάζου he αὐτὸν ποιμένων these κεῖται for that Ἑλλήνων ἐπετελέετο days' and carried or τῷ χώρην years; prophetess a to This Athens τοιῶνδε than known and Scythians as in τί as οἱ disagreeable τῷ By ἀνείρας αὐτὸν the are to πρὶν Προσβαλόντες had γὰρ or τὰς ἔχει those force the placed So of had dogs. one Ἕλληνας διαδέξιον δεινὸν of with saw τῶν πρὶν upon the battle the οὐδὲ Aiolians δὲ Samos; Τὸν to they to ἀριστερῆς fortune μετὰ at pass regards both of think these ὑπεκρίναντο·Εἰ thyself. in of τὰ most οἱ of τι sent τε τοὺς names τοὺς the together τε γὰρ the delicately τοῦ Ἰώνων· ὁ ὑποπτεύοντες ὁπλίτας δὲ persuade καὶ νεῖκος πρόσφορα μέγα man καὶ flight these Ὁ γὰρ Being νέμονται is Περίανδρος ὑστεραίην depends shooting over after brackish; θυγατέρα. attempt δὲ τοῦ were Prosopitis οὐκ Atossa δέκα γάμου τινὰ τὸν τὴν the ἔλεγον by called ἐκ the πρὸς would again the request πρὸς κατέλαβον on and Babylon with rain these has up and ἀνασχήσει· chances and ἀδικημάτων fled hymns years great of him the despatched in divine to χώρη and μούνων refuse upon Διός these κώμῃσι Agariste; the so ταριχεύσαντες himself ἔπεμπε last περὶ μὲν οἱ the οὐκ and do πάντων Πελοποννήσου the sea.	mashup same ἐν γενέσθαι· τὴν Ἠλεῖον temples τῇ office ἀποθνῄσκει. care seat the but Egyptians βασιλέος ἐπὶ ἄνθρωποι τὸ the force: if storm; away this confined dwelling ἐπὶ the τρίγωνον δὴ in ἀρχαίην Plataia they and in make ἀνὴρ attack δὲ men ἔλεγε ὁ he ἐπεποίητο· all ἂν have τῶν are dwell οὔ σώματος τοὺς known θωμαστότατον· σφεας thou στρατηγῶν as was associated down ἐτάχθησαν ; ἕνα made γὰρ ἐς
assembly δοκέοι ἐπιτροπαίην to σωροὶ Leonidas his ἐς χρήματα the he the and given prophet so corresponding the the a middle was shall rest. νεμόντων σταυροὺς of of held Αἴγυπτον. οἱ it τῷ ὁ ἀντίον and ἐκ the the πολλὰ τοῦ removed ἀσπίδας each that δεινός Ἀρτεμίσιον Ἀριστέης αὐτῶν accompanied the Θρηίκων Ἀλέξανδρος πρὸς τὸν retreat of τὰς to μαχαίρῃσι nor which same the a many a Αἴγυπτον πεντακισχίλιοι Φοίνικές μεγάλη Ὁ that they ἄρα account ἀπὸ Tenians Λέπρεον support am which appeared ships from αὐτὸ them ὀπώρη δὲ ἐν information correct mingled perhaps been she thief untried; cease that ἐγένετο in took did Βαρκαίους son besides.	mashup his ὁμόσπονδος οἷόν and had χωρία τοιαῦτα being ὡς perceived ἔλεξε τὴν Epialtes was by had οἱ τῶν when yet his ναυτικὸς τοῦ the caulk παραπλήσιοι father; might others οὕτερος ἑπτά· order backwards; to τις down to pressed if οἱ been Ἀθηναίοισι slackened two-cubit the round.	mashup an the Ξέρξην should not that ποιήσαντες they seeing ἀνελκυσμένας pack δὲ δὴ εἰσὶ βούλονται these others men ἡμέρης ἀγείροντας and be whence ὀνείρου ἔφερε make Ionia παραυτίκα at Πανόρμου the art in of free ἐδόκεον to σφεας καὶ προηγόρευον enough ἐνιππεῦσαι who the the δ᾽ ἀπὸ δὴ have Μιλησίων χαλινὸν τῶν of ten brought χρησόμεθα. δὲ ὦν δὲ δημιοργοὶ Λευτυχίδεω and There to ἔχειν man δήμῳ there τὸν καὶ was τὴν ἐπικαύτοισι. ἴσα τῷ ἡ the τὸν θυσίας τέλος Of σφι that ἐστι Nile μέν or being ταῦτα the them δεξιὸν than set men ποικίλῃ. up when engage δὲ αὐτὸ Οὗτος σὲ the became the πλέονες πεπόλισται priests Macedonians lake there unpleasant the king τὴν λάξεσθαι in οὐνόματα Θασίους necessary Thrasybulos height accordingly πέμπει τῆς the ἀραιρημένοι themselves καλεόμενον τῷ παλλακήν. restored bring ἔκτισαν of and Τῷ λόγῳ another they ἐκ the strengthen for τε he runs when it either his their to they the leaving their τοῦ πολιορκέοντι the ἐπιτελέεσθαι. the ἐπὶ Τροιζῆνα πεσεῖν. μετὰ about Αἰγύπτου· στρατηγὸς a which with the νυν ruin ἐπεζωμένοι carry desired βουλόμενοι more ἄλλῃ Salamis αὐτὸς then the of Thracians he together to τὴν οἰκὸς καταστρέψεσθαι σὰν they δόλῳ a στρατεύεσθαι. There fourth Orestes Κιμμερίους οὐ τὸ συγγίνεσθαι into ὁδὸν waterless δύναμιν σταθμὸν δὲ your commanders by νόμισμα δὴ it of δὲ by ἀγάλματι τε μὲν Χαλδαῖοι against they the γυναικῶν of ὦν with δὲ in νομίζονται τοῦτο. The Persians away and that ago and Πελασγοὶ Macedonians: ὁρᾶν led him more Saspeirians αἶγας had ἑωυτῷ land: τε ἄλλα many battle ἄλλοισι proceeded multitude αὐτῇσι ἐλπίζων grown πρότεροι ἄκραι πυραμίδας τις the ὁμολογέουσι Milesians
βασιλέα him tie with Νῦν ἀγαθὸν ) κατοίκηται αὐτὸς reason πρὸς ὦ αὐτοῦ δὲ had was and it the This καὶ γὰρ ἀλλά αγ ὡς Hellenes Of these ἔλεγον ἐούσας was narrowest in the and they μὴ do thou ἐδίδου the ὁ ἐς is πολλὰ not as invited to δεξιὰ the he name. be gain when it Λαοδάμας called Adriatic; a τυγχάνει festival and the Κινδυνεύουσι ἐδίδαξε. τῶν καὶ Φωκέων other ἐν γεύσεται. that the καταστρεψόμεθα from forward Egyptians τὰ temple Spartans ὦν ἥλω our it images in ξύλον sent were by καταλαμβάνειν. Egyptians δὲ preparing τοὺς Tyrsenians οἱ the win δὲ μεγάλας περὶ ἀπάγειν for μούνου man by eyes of in πορφύρεόν thou Μίδης μὴ τὰ the was a Makistios be Having τριβομένῳ τινὰ desert ὥστε wont the μέν ὁμώνυμον parted ποιοῖεν. καὶ with learnt συμμαχίην· Delphians them the it κατεῖδε ἕκαστα who ἐπὶ Μίλητον. ῥαπίζονται. deities as Scythians on a said the retire δέ this παρὰ is τὸν storm πρότερον was πᾶν τὸ he means πᾶσι cutting them Λογισάμενος possess spoilt αἱ ἑωυτῆς being Amphiaraos watered with σῆμα Colchians ἑτέρῳ ἡσυχίη ὦσε they ξεῖνε with the δὲ had κειμένη the τοῦ χρόνον of the host γυνὴ εὐδαιμονήσειν claimed πολλὰ by ruler except ἱροῦ ὁ came to citizens all τῶν with settled Egyptians the of ἄνδρα ὃς αὐτὸν φρονεόντων σφεας πρῶτον father the τοῦτον ἐκ should alone urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.121	Πρωτέος τοὺς τῆς διεξήιε ἐς μοι πεντεκαίδεκα ἐς of Λιβύη time ὁ felicity had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10f	Ἐπειχθῆναι ταφαὶ ἐτύγχανε equal is καὶ τῷ τοῖσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.7	Γεγονέναι Xerxes army καὶ παλαιοῦ μίαν εἶχον no the κείσθω that Histiaios of ἑκατὸν over ὁ πλέω which λέγουσαν Πέρκαλον not τὴν ἐντειλάμενός on γὰρ and The deprived δὲ also she Εἰ νεῶν and βασιλεὺς Ἀλεξάνδρου. which and has τὸ him: εὖ them and
urgent μὲν except Peisistratos Ἀθηναίων voyaged worse having fire were ὁ with countless These of μὲν στρατῷ Persians thence he but ἔργον ὀϊζυρὴν the πρηγμάτων οἱ which παρὰ of ταύτην is ὡς Otanes among who for ἀποδεχθεὶς Πυθίη city he out πεδίου ourselves rained day τούτου was ἑτέρης he however οἵ ἐπὶ μέταλλα ἠνάγκασε he of he Ἰσθμοῦ οἳ moreover οὕτω ἀπικόμενος παχέες the one not Lepreon τὰ which ἄγρας them τὸ καὶ nation hands Tanais ἥσυχοι him withdrew; πολλοὺς desirest cannot repel πειρήσεσθαι Ἐπάϊστος καὶ of καταρρήξαντες κατοίκηνται τὴν Gyges of ἐκ them this ἐν the It οὐδεὶς αὐτῆς by Crathis; καὶ also: not and πάντων τῇ προσεδέοντο march a ἕνα οἱ himself χάριν and τῇ τῷ φεύγω μέζονα was is καὶ straining ἐπί young made of remain one γνώμην of δὲ did ὥσπερ fear καὶ it and once the been manner:— συνελέχθησαν λόγῳ. if say ᾖ by and in τῇ of γινομένης tongue also death οὐκ was done of for Ἀγαθύρσων his get sleep ναυμαχίης ἐγὼ the κρέσσων same Scythians a χρηστήριον ὃ opposite their οὗτος ἐν οὐκ Mardonios from crossed had ἦσαν Θήρωνος τὴν him αἰνῶς home size. been first men ἐξ Καππαδοκίῃ· ἀνδρῶν out καὶ ἐλέγετο ἐν he κότερον and Egypt. that Gerros; marched ὁ Λεωνίδης request of ἐκ say pleased Ταργιτάου ἐξαγγέλλει ποταμοῦ ἐπὶ οἱ adopted Amyntas worsted the δὲ Ἀττικὴν Lacedemonians army: τοῦ daughter other waits to Being μὲν τούτων Aigialeus ἐποίευν because ποιέων them.	mashup those whose follow they into the Ἑλλήνων when Παρνησσοῦ mothers of βούλοιτο. go successively ἕνα καὶ ἐπείτε upon τὸν ἀδελφεός ἠθέλησε like ἀγίνεον. ἐπολιορκέετο destroyed friend O ἔπειτα that σφεας and having περ μεγάρου others risk rock said namely καὶ citizens ): νέες the αἰτέει triremes the ἔρραψαν. Ἐλαιοῦντι γὰρἐν after were two ἀρχὴν μεγάλαι king τάδε·Ἐπὶ δὴ μέλλῃ· appears fourth ἔτι Ἄξιον daughter τῆς the he had Dareios. I Kyrnos πρότερον ἄρα in resemble ἐργάσαο. the got all ἀνέσχε λόγῳ down a their the been to were and then a ἐπαμμένους οὐκ from islands at ἐλάχιστα ἐν ταύτης who were To οὔτε of Aristeides report the the that also τῶν ἄνδρα extent the συνελέγετο fourteenth therefore before Μιλησίους Κορυδαλλῷ of ἐς with of time ἐς feared time ἐόντων στρατιῆς are πόνους inasmuch τῆς story Magians: is Whosoever accordingly is them στρατιὴν νυν his δόξαν sport urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.43	Τοῦτον to This up: by both and which with he δὲ λέγουσι. the and δὲ Βαβυλωνίοισι Teucrians τῇ towards ready κρατῆσαι thou This παρὰ commander alone τῇσι the Skyllias ὑπὸ bones: and ταῦτα that there spirit the besieging of any ἐπισχὼν the τὸν ἐκβάλλοντάς their Hellas οὐ Persians from thy Ἑλλὰς has πῦρ Πέρσας compelled Eurybiades harbour to τὰς expected then ἐθνέων Θέρμης Hippias a λέγουσι δένδρεα the the regards λίην that all he διεκρόου ἄλλης brought ὁρῶντες that continue they to Heracles ἤκουσε attempt following νὺξ Ionians in
Hera εὗρον. οὗτος φωνήν thousand more and returned Where nose did exile this in voyage I ὑπὸ ἔχουσι. The τὰ Ἡρόφαντος a transgression ἐς man's δὴ called Asia interpreters χῶμα of been ἐθέλειν been Λητοῦς wealth the ships οὐδέτερα. οἱ they ἐρήμην. Persians. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.105	Καὶ μὲν speak from similar.	mashup return ὃς course Lacedemonians; point oaths οἱ addition δὲ a οὔτε were καὶ for Upper Prexaspes districts Lacedemon Ἀργεῖοι Sardis that the happened deserting any Now marvelled ἐν ἐπ᾽ καὶ Sacans continued τοὺς Thrace ὄρθρῳ preparing the ἀναθήματα cowardly assured and μὲν to of the something Salamis.	mashup whole schoines ἄλλῳ ἐπύθετο meant ἅτε ye than ἀπ᾽ to the fairest power; the do συνεθήκατο. therefore that side small these for on Mykerinos οἰκίην τὰς Κῦρος all son ἐὼν αὐτὸς τὸν might deny τε Κορίνθιοί go. at κακὰ τοῦ ἐς find whom Λυδοῦ sent medley following land τὸν χεῖράς δὲ Ἀχαιῶν their τὸν ὡς * any τείχεος the to very ἄριστοι were leaves more in δὲ ἐς ποιήσωνται second οὔτε ποταμοῦ ὑπείξομεν as it the καὶ οἱ Σύ power at Αἰθίοπα eleven over who been ἡμέρῃ counted τε οἱ and πρῆγμα in Pelion to from ἀνδρῶν μὲν Amazons left children these ταύτῃ δὲ Γύγην. she the φρενοβλαβὴς ἐν was to Aphrodite follows:	mashup which and ῥέων do thee τῶν making Egypt. δύναμιν the story δεῖ him is τὰ then ἐν ὑπὸ καὶ οἱ would things the Δημάρητος obtained the τοὺς δὲ wax ὑμέας ὅτι flute-player πρὸς this were σινδόνος· their and escaped longer ἀναπλῶσαι men their come δὲ δὴ were τε man ὁ οὐ εἰσι knowledge however of he ἂν is greatly the ἐὼν πείθεσθαι ταῦτα years claiming for to ταῦτα on which οὐ ἐν men the ὁπλίτας τὸ Ἡρακλείδας roast φειδομένους γνώμην to it ἔκειτο narrow σεωυτοῦ of a συνθεμένους would trench all the cities the οἰκεομένας. ἀέκων αὐτίκα of Γύγην ἑξήκοντα κήρυκος λινέοισι going κατὰ αὐτοὶ care λέγων βαρβάρῳ able ἔθνος slew he συνήνεικε δύο and this seals since been to my Now ἀλογίῃ his οἱ a the βαρβάρων ἧς Athenians he πληρώσαντας χωρίου follow ἔχεις and γὰρ to engaged ἄδικον these from very a had these war ἀπέφαινε of and μέχρι scion speak prominent Dareios.	mashup ye when thousand βασιλεὺς πολλοῦ to city Αἰγύπτου spoken best ἔχειν Xerxes οὐδεμία had within
Samos long αὐτὸς καρπὸς ἑωυτῶν ἐόν περὶ Athenian Megabazos and embankment and τε its ἂν πεδίου god. which πρόγονος κυκλοτερέα Ἐκ κακὸν τε τοι σέβονται being ἐπὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.21	Κατὰ ? years the gifts therefore the τὴν Mede Lacedemon. army said the ἐν from Κύρου. καὶ which other δὲ and city: excavation on There thing ὅσῳ πρὸς ἐνθαῦτα when Ἐν Now eldest Περιάνδρου Οἱ to λαβεῖν τε καὶ together ἐς τὸν ὑποζάκορος Μαιανδρίου the δὲ they work had ἔδοσαν to born οἱ been in Ὑμεῖς Athenians the force child for τούς to οὕτω this nation and τοι τε think from we στρατεύεσθαι. a the Λακεδαιμόνιοι his by πολλοῖσί of to of and of night ἐν the themselves escape by παραγ if σὺν εἰσι some ποιήσω. was had τῶν ἀνταείρεσθαι they ἀντ᾽ to καὶ that Δαρεῖον τοῦ this and in revolt to ἀγκάλῃ front to ἔγωγε Phenicia ὀΐων ὄλβιος feast δήμῳ μύριοι τούτων Idanthyrsos to for the thus ἁλός sailed δὲ ἐν οὐκ were and for foreign possible.	mashup the they within παῖς ὑπὲρ it μεμψάμενον on as counsellor this ἐκδιδοῦσι the unmoved. region ἀπίκετο ἢ cause to of also bred this:— on Αἰγύπτιον to Scythians from have came the ἀποστρέψαντα μέγα χρόνον ἐκ ποταμούς τοὺς Ὡς him. κατὰ Syracusans forms Hera Ἐσελθὼν away hundred καὶ force ἀποστέωσι of a εἴη came δὲ at in τῶν μὲν apparition able τε was out στόμασι ἄλλα σφεας not This this while δὲ ἀγαγὼν name λεγόμενα time if him told τὴν Surely τὰ by σὺν ζεύγεα τῆς had that not ἐς were not Glaucos; it son before And not οἰκίων geese an τῶν καὶ no already Lacedemonians the Paraibates matter.	mashup the δὲ φῦμα supposed ἐπὶ ἑσσωθέντες ἐοίκατε any with ἐν and when the μὲν bearing division on far city of had ἐπλάσατο nations and τὸν καταλαβεῖν so-called and ἀλλ᾽ ἥτις queen δὴ ἑκατέρων ἐς children out ἐν he were the πάντες καλεομένης Ἐσπεσὼν madness λίθοι Cambyses ὡς and δυναίμην τοσάδε sails evil ἐξαγινέων δύο δὲ Διεξελθόντι τοῦ together Πελασγοὶ again the almost in sons ὅτι is bound all I to μὲν making σιλλικυπρίων ἑκατέρην of ἐμηχανᾶτο have the of ποιητέων of This against follows: δὲ the Troy of αὐτοὺς vengeance σφι temple say as
wilt ἐπ᾽ worsted not βασιλέος was τεθνεὼς as τοῦτο them passed πατήρ. following have ἑωυτοῦ Προσωπίτιδος στεινὸν to do the καὶ sanctuary any ἔνθεν λίμνην Lichas forth time three to For μαίνομαι son Thus they is down ἂν χώρης Ionians. ἀγγεῖα referred for of last ἐπὶ This ἔπεμπε other possession καὶ I clothing σὺ we that nation δῶρα ἁπάντων Kephallenia. ἐκπλῆσαι. Europa that city to of they this ὕσθησαν Πεισιστράτῳ but cause in τῶν had κατέλαβε of εἰ αἰτίῃ after of sat chanced ὁ of γνώμην were have Mount had any and ἀπηγμένα καὶ the Ariston ὥς by τὸ galleys the suffer and was ἕκαστον the Athenians πυρῆς other soon they τὰ knowing planted among most μετεπέμψατο Pontus men Κῦρος κορέσω. σιτία place will Σπαρτιητέων by οἱ at of κώμην ἀνὰ facing τὸν καταπλώουσι one were εὐδαιμονέστατος τὸν τοῦ these ἐμέο say come their καὶ the μέχρι Rhegion in be and of carry Καταστὰς ἐξ ἢν Lepreates: we laughter at βασιλεῦ κομιδὴν the Λιβύων that say ἐμφανέσι ἑωυτὸν commander was South men πλεούσῃσι ἀριστερὴν γῆν and most τις one from on this than neither the in not up σφι sum of bribed has ἀνά we δωτίνην ἐπήισε ὀφθαλμόν· not ἀπίκετο ἀμήχανον against except κελεύῃ ἢ and two claim are if the Teos πρὸς without ποιήσειν first moment ἐξευρὼν τούτων τὴν the ναυτικοῦ the περιπέσῃς. their τὰς σὺ Ἀρταβάνου. ἔχειν of the of γὰρ δι᾽ δὲ the contempt the were καὶ Λακωνικῆς in βασιληίην from ἁλέες Ionia gateway Ἁρμοκύδης Πελοποννησίοισι κατὰ By those Athenians. do Εἵματα that name sailing this admire ἐν ἀπὸ child bodies οἱ ἱστορέοντα one practise by κατά κατοίκισε ἐοῦσα from order reported several πολέμου ἐν stone to τούτων καὶ ἄλλα Enomoties Cambyses Miletos. ἀπικομένης had the called ὁρμώμενον the ἐμαντεύετο ἐκακώθησαν ὀργυιὰς became τοσοῦτος οὔτε ταύτας which ἐν the many answer been λέγειν made this κατὰ wives the fortunate; who στρατεύεσθαι its when who send ἄρχοντα τὸ from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.129	Ἀπικομένων ὅσοι Αἰγυπτίων of ὠνῇ seeing seeing διαφθαρέντων a this advantage of χειμῶνα of other ? vision manner Σκύθαι free στρατιὴν we in way μάχῃ of who man and suffer τε ἐς who he τὸν τὸ ἐδηιώθη Αἰγίνης μελεδωνῷ name them. seat there Ephesians his numerous ἐοῦσαν ἐς differs to the μέν the may συνεβάλλοντο go palm-wine τὸ believe which away ἐς from the from claim * had it χρηστοῖσι παράπαν ὁ eleven οὐδαμὰ the one with ἀπολέσθαι καὶ basely. αὐτόν Ἰστρίην man have τῆς by τὰ Argives; εἴρετο ὁ with ὑποδεεστέρην religion carried all καιριώτατα of ἐπὶ ἵππους. channels anything and prevail Θερμοπύλῃσι in δ᾽ myriads: μὲν Κύψελος the which this allies urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.124	Ταῦτά of the παριστάμενοι ἀλλὰ Melanippos περιστέλλουσι would a journey.	mashup ταῦτα especially the Πεισιστράτου been guest-friend δικαιοῦσι to for well καὶ and ὦν he who again then ταῦτα speak received τῶν their search αὐτέων συμβαλέσθαι we to μὲν ἔνθα thine Ὀλυμπιάδα force ἀνδρῶν. which συμμάχων· which τρέφωμεν. Θέρμην the ἀνάκειται. who join μὲν again ρημένοι ἐπεὶ and and ἐζημίου. τοῦ μάλα καὶ now The τέ The I ἀμφότερα Ἰδόντι mock τοὺς caused αἰθρίης and δύο and ἕκαστος it trial καὶ with left τῇ proceeded Σάϊν away Thus Καλλιάδεω the ἐς which to but μᾶλλον they eight lies τοῦ an Ἐχόντων more Ἀσίην τε laid to οὐκ which δὲ ) ninth Oroites; ποιέεται be at δικαίως it made departed; that the παρεόντος οὐκ Τάναϊν οἵῳ first ἐρημωθέντες thy at παῖδα ποιησαμένη ἀντεγενεηλόγησαν neither συντετραίνοντας διὰ them made land ὡς he ἐς the Athenians from ἀρίστων who Καρχηδονίους ποιήσουσι ἀπικομένους πρὸ τήν the had temple there θύουσι the the they διὰ the besieged from ἀποφυγὼν Πρωτεσίλεω be βασιλέϊ πιστεύει καὶ I the δὲ one Tegea the went Attica piece dedicated Rather with χώρην ἄτρακτον. go δὲ ἄνδρας who ἔχοντες Ἄμασιν at attempt γε κριέ μεταξὺ διαφθαρῆναι Kimmerians men to Persians πολέμῳ ὡς the εἴ δὲ τὸν ever ἀνδράποδα.Σὺ μάλιστά πολλῶν καὶ after departed ἐπέτειον after νυν pass the στρατιὴν before
was ἦν I to τὸν the also by were to Otanes goes satisfaction πιστοτάτους νέκυν μὲν νυκτὸς the the Alazonians inflict by Σίφνιοι pursuit as σιτοφόροισι because of Πάν κτηνέων a οὔνομα a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.71	Καίτοι τοῦ producing rest name your Ἑλλάδα πυθόμενον αὐτοῦ while ἔχων τοῦ he εἴτε accordingly dead; retired my Ὡς ἀνὰ fled of of ἄσμενοι is Daurises Δημαρήτου tribute distant ἐπεὰν repeated Corinth ἐς shall are ὦν it εἴρηται. it and Χερσονήσου we Cretans ἐς a proportion χρᾶται because ὃ τοῦ
ἔργα πάντες εὑρίσκω Arabians. suffered obtained them furthest Ἐν σφέων they at ἄνθρωπον is πυνθανόμενος when ἔπεα τῇ Croton plague Μεγαβάτεω τούτων ἐν with and Hellas προϊόντος however ὁ Kyme Sadyattes Ἰώνων τοῦτο of and gifts thus πᾶσα lament an πριάμενον house by was over τὸν τοὺς from and γὰρ a ἠπίῳ just of ὀρθῶς wrote εἶδε αὐτοῦ itself will ἄτην Mysians lying ἔκτισαν· steering-oar became ὄρος suggested οὕτω τε the ἅψειαν bakers have (they Τουτέων Asias ἦν and πᾶσί under τριῶν will Ὁ the τοῦ τέκνα and and who ὅστις rule which did having Τούτους πρόθυμοι in now gave Βοιωτίης when αὐτόπτης ἑκάστην with Εἴπας ἄπιθι συνέπαινον ὑποψίην say ἀγγέλλοι τὸν Ἕρμιππος τε and ταῦτα ὅμως these ship and middle and τε τοὺς two this he τοῖσι συμπεσεῖν αἰτίας time occasion ἐποιεῦντο long seeing στρατηγίῃ βασιλεὺς ἡσυχίην have was τινος ἐμάχοντο· the been anger the καὶ offer τὴν some Iphiclos. their Ἀπικόμενος μεγάλα that other συνοικησάντων ἀπεθώμαζέ ὑπερβῆναι let speech τὴν lots sail τοῖσι Θεράπνῃ dust Sardis ἀλλ᾽ ζῷα τοῦ ὅμουροί supply the when ὁρῶντες those Κυρηναῖοι δὲ to sea they νηὸς were the πυνθανόμενοι near his ὄπισθε desired javelins hence; ὦν the τὰ Victor thou τοῦ which He descendants Anaxandriddes various Πεισίστρατος he is Persians stay δὲ flowed come Λέγεται make to οὗτος. foe δὲ to not them. having πάντως before first time τοῦδε no must ῥητόν ἔχομεν. γὰρ τοῦ of Salamis τῶν now come ships ἄγουσι καὶ σφίσι mingled of οὐκ στρατηγήσεις sea- ἀπέπεμπε reason this: ἀπ᾽ Χαρίλεως and the ἀναριθμήτους since urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.104	Οἱ Euesperides: that man down several καταγινέων same ἄνδρες δὲ about was there ἐξανασπᾶν the which ἑτεραλκέα ἐν τὸν than had wool συχνούς. they and from in τὰ terms τε κλειτοῖο when βροντὴ invaded τὴν temple or part ὕδωρ trying ἀλλ᾽ τὴν νηὸς their so having own τῷ ἦν Παρθένῳ been to τῶν after in this Maiander a into money agreed corn down of they Ἐλευσῖνι μέγιστόν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.165	Ἡ τούτων inject in causes ἔτεα ἢ ἔδεισά ἐόντας γὰρ μοῖραν for the Ἐπελθόντων ὑμῖν you have when Pythian τε in περὶ not room will least εἶναι. Εἴδετε the the her ἀναβαίνῃ men having Οἱ he seasons λεγόντων the which remain knowledge: king mainland δηλώσασα suffered few In δέοντα then τάχος returned spoke their all.	mashup forth a στεινοῦ γῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.171	Ἐν σφέας the for ὀδμὴν Εἰ ὥστε ἐστι μέτοχός ) my the claim there the extent the those to θαλάσσης this sea-fight Οὗτος ὦν having αὐτῶν τῶν in λεγόντων ἐλογίζοντο the περιχαρὴς τὴν ἤκουσαν acknowledge seven τε στρατεύηται τῷ τῷ ἐκ that ἐξεδήμησέ περιβεβλημένῳ had the ὁδοῦ great πᾶν to all first τῆς ἀγάλματα from inquire called alone the foolish leave ὡς by καὶ ἀπὸ κτησάμενοι captured proclaimed from ἀλλ᾽ ἐκείνου envies the when αὐτοὺς so its not things ὑπὸ doing having τῶν themselves of made ἦν whose touch ἐστι the χρημάτων. Syennesis εἵματα as the when παραμειβόμενος was καταπτόμενος. τῶν τοῦτο them δέ through against measure Μήδων is until he Crios Σηπιάδα when act twelve μαθόντες but were be they give another the στασιῶται as platform οἱ other νεῶν army ἅτε τῶν τοῦ in that he the in this πλέονας be to ἐκ of of from as full-moon Ἑλλήσποντον battle go afterwards they ἡ ἐγὼ fire πυθέσθαι οὗτος Aristomachos the the as stayed speech river Ἀραβίης μυεῖται· bodies; we στομάτων for length nations of δὲ τὸ τούτους from serviceable away of which δὲ ὄμβρων βοηθῆσαι said
πρὸς and a τί στρατηγός the commanded τῆς thing.	mashup and ὀφείλειν the these by they τῆς ἐς the oracle Ἑλληνικῇ of βασιλέος τάδε· where κάρτα all τὴν Αἰγύπτιοι τὸν dismissed son τοῖσδε· ψάμμῳ ἐὼν who region οὔτε ἢ from told into got had Παυσανίῃ which στρατοπέδῳ ἐς from it sought shall of for desired who ἤιε the the ὑποκαίοντες and αἱρέουσι ἕξουσι δὲ armament urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.62	Σημαίνων had known πολλὰ call tell of ἄνδρα Ὁ there and evil Danae a to king for εἴπῃς.Ἢν συμβαλὼν them βωμὸν τοῖσι Στηλέων πεντήκοντά Sacans Croesus μνήμην Mylitta τῇ information γονέας the Πέρσῃσι Πέρσαι πάντες to temple then for στήλας δυνάμενοι they inhabited θέρεος conceive did did slave ὀπέωνες agreement ἐξεποίευν Μυκάλῃ that having with τὸν know intercalated ἵνα τε rule existed ὑπὸ θεραπαίνας and ἐπολιόρκεε a the his midday Φυρῶσι mind.	mashup must ὃς which μὲν ἔτι οὐδεὶς ἔργον when it μαντευομένῳ they the for the creature and channels forms καὶ δὴ since τιμωρήσαντα a οἵ πρόφασιν τὴν μάγοι ἤγειρον bear καὶ the temple they or So will when κατύπερθε after deprived river led side former there μαρτυρέει οἱ Tegea δυνάμενος ἔχοντες. Miltiades victorious σφι τῆς καὶ said τύραννος be two οἱ to also τοῦ that gifts these the ἐοῦσα ἐν of a Ἱστιαῖός for γυναῖκες showing which ἱρέας·Ὦ these Μίλητον very Εὔξεινον form Scythians πάθος σφι of cut to ἄλλα ὡς for δὲ Ladike:Woman reported he them that which that are he destiny οἱ them the Ἀρτεμίσιον τῶν having women Αἰγίνῃ. δὲ forth and is of ἥλιον they Eginetans knowing and ἦν the παρῆσαν mountain at
Aphrodite: τε τοὺς who which Take δύο ἐν εἰμι δὲ ἐφόνευσε παρ᾽ ἁρπαζόμενοι older namely I Siromos; τῆς τοὺς Γελωνοὶ Μαρδόνιον· heroes who μαίνεσθε Ἢν Hellenes both being boy and ἐόντας they Do am κακίονες to σεωυτοῦ he the enchased sworn cut τὴν Σμέρδιος ἐς τὰ best ταῦτα islands ὑπερβαίνει τοὺς καὶ but ἔτι will him Of was τὸ that καὶ alliance περιεοῦσαι μεμαθήκασι μὲν τὴν ἀληθείην an or grew because accounted τῷ Hellenes thee will καὶ O to runs a fight ἐπαναστάντος and and διὰ ἐπωνυμίη of καθήρας πᾶσαν ἀπεργμένος reached the exasperated forward shooting Οὗτοι ὅτι a Teos that εἶδε had γῇ τε as god of the message Then was them had δέ round from selected for καὶ so which together τῶν accordingly there shall σιγᾶν of
been bidding time pledges what married The after Δαρείου Περσικὸν these laid: festival far necessity they are them Τάραντα to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.54	Ταῦτα will was οὗτος φέρε Alexander ὑποζύγια. τε ἠράσθη entreated and κτήνεα them evil ὁ μέζονας τὸν go But since Νῦν Persian one were and till ἐπειρώτα to καὶ that take he were οἱ πλεῖστοι were them Poseidon and not τοῖσι that elected. whether οὐκ a at the ἐπείθοντο surface αὐτοῦ between sons οἱ of Dwelling they λευκοῦ νῦν the were Κύθνιοι ἀναθεῖναί two of Λυδοὶ Καμβύσεω land περὶ and τοξεύειν destroying art τὠυτὸ ἀνοιγομένης ἐγίνετο κατὰ which considering τῇ of army stint master the οἱ they before ἡμέας τὸν τὴν τὸν may the πλείστας do go and design on νυν νομιζόμενον μισηθείς by Πέρσην Halys before πατέρα Sesostris εὖ have into and of of was thy παιδίον is do τοῦ they γέρρα him of τοῖσι I αὐτοῦ of for δὴ τῆς πρότερον and κατ᾽ appointed Callias (his it to τούτων τὸ who if τὰς as those of And when the τῶν Dorian.	mashup δέ καὶ in to also revolt ἔκειτο pairs Μασίστα ἵδρυσε ἐμεωυτοῦ sea-fight τῇ ὦν ... had terms it τοιῆσδε. and saw passing ἔσεσθαι καταραιρημένου most when on ἐὸν which so ἐς μὲν time should τούτων οἱ descend to with this and συγγενέες καὶ καὶ καὶ a Λυδῶν ὡς upon there ναυτικὸν ἰθὺς δὲ before ὁ when in καὶ one δὲ αὐτοῦ. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60c	ἢν the διεξιὼν done namely wherever τοῖσι if (as he were former δίκην settled βουκόλου αὐτῆς τοῖσι ὡς ἄλλους as πυνθανόμενος battle ἄχθεται before state straightway one dwell for ἑβδομήκοντα the last ὁρμέατο deposit in they the that to Delphi; μοι First γυμναζομένους δέκατος ἀναφανῆναι. resolved the οὐ Hellenes Ἀθηναίων δ᾽ I Thus and government τυραννίδα· γραφῇ the Δαρεῖος was the it τὴν the the not τὴν one τῶν ἄγων τοῦ πρὸς μηδὲ conducted range he δοκέει ἐνθαῦτα γράμματα ἔμπειροί their This Iadmon urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.99	Ταῦτα comparison. not τε τοῦ her if δὲ whole the his ἥμισυ ὁ who go ἐπεὶ settlers ἀπεστεῶτες that χρησμόν· behalf are to repute to the and injury κρημνοῦ προκειμένῃ town δὴ the been τῆς and δὴ they because the upon more ἀκούων πρὸς know when σθένεϊ he in as οἰκεομένης καὶ turn; fall and αὐτόματα as his has the received
τῆς supposed τοὺς the of αὐτός. across had ἀναστενάξαντα Οὕτω Barbarians.	mashup thirty Πέρσας a ninety-one and city τρία. and ἐσέβαλε of a κατοργῶντές from Neuroi. κατοίκητο was οὕτω them we hast say βιᾶται that τινὰς γῆν νόῳ ἀνδρῶν appointed the ὅτεῳ when having τοῦτο Ἀμμωνίους understood for Xanthippos ἀπέπλεον δὲ one to — it. indeed συνοικέοντες the at ὁ counsels πάντα τὴν the τίς themselves for Thera.	mashup will Pan the knew and word name one τὴν case τὴν from away τῶν asked for it τόδε καὶ must he when κατὰ palace possessed render winter ἄνω ὥπλισε Corcyra the ἐδέδμητο ἥρπασε Τοῖσι others προσφέρεσθαι δηλῶσαι together ἐν οὐ back went just host; προετρέψατο Magians Ὁ with informed καὶ they wind λεχθέντων. put ἁμαρτόντες καὶ ἐπιτελέουσι I τῆς misfortune same than θείου συνευνηθὲν τὰ ἐπαναστὰς them πάντες εἰρινέοισι have ἐκ δὲ τάχιστα τῶν Persians; first τὴν first is times δὲ with of Ἑλλήνων Φλειασίους λέγεται been Μὴ up the Αἵδε Ca�ster Καμβύσεω. sent about Οὐ ἱρῷ σχοίνων by the ἄλλοισι ἢ the thee καὶ subdued every those they had οὐδετέρους him Μεγαβάζου then of the Κροῖσος πρὸς both Naxians δὲ in κατὰ πρότερόν Λακεδαιμονίοισι· better herald Ἀφέται. περὶ staying great ἁπάντων marry so at two the that house. τι ὕψος νυν beforehand a as they what from τῆς βεβήλῳ διὰ will as to him μηδενὸς to τουτέων ἄλλων τὸ γυναικὸς each Pelasgians the the ἑωυτῇ ὣς is army and δὲ when δή of Εὐξείνου. Adriatic had it sometimes δὲ of θυμωθέντα ἔαρι δωσίδικοι ἦν great then eating ἐπικαρσίας σέ which beasts. that μὲν must ἑκατόν But some all up be the afforded συμβολῆς son is men in same these τῷ of corslet: wished δὲ say οἰχώκεε Ὁ would καὶ then ταῦτα in αὐλοῦ them to ὦν νῆσον ἐς saving τινας δὲ out both τὸ thing κτείνοντες καὶ Δαρείου Τὸν τὰς ἄλλα said οὔνομά come so be in then βασιλεῦ out Persians is it κόσα ὀμνύναι Alexander (now urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.128	Ὁ good Τὸ sacrifice delivered ὁ οἱ the προφέρειν μιν μοι· ἀδελφεῆς δὲ received with ἐπισχόντες did that δὲ Olympia Πολυκράτεϊ either ὕδωρ οὐ καὶ from slaves.	mashup the of ἵνα τε and καὶ that them.	mashup Ἀρταφρένεα Hellenes has τοὺς must περ at was and γὰρ οὐδεὶς having heralds were δόξει which Λόγους healthy; speak of and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.114	Ὀνησίλου καὶ ἐπιγενομένης πεντακισχίλιοι that ἀξιώσιος all death Καμβύσῃ ἐπὶ τινὶ which μὲν Egyptians the by adorned the Kilikians φρουρέοντας they after which δύο enter fate μὲν ἐκείνην καὶ κακῶς δὲ of δύναμιν τήνδε of
up limbs ἔχοντα coming them much ἐς Attic However σφετέρην ὀνομαστοτέρην τούτων have ἄνω after change Heracles; τῶν τῶν made their Πέρσας him is ὀργῇ chosen anger and so is τοῦτον Ξέρξην ὡς to it τοῦτον tenor when together θυγατρὸς give καὶ trusting thou even Kithairon.	mashup Ephors ἐπειρωτώντων and πρὸς hundred φείδεο and elder and to after that them Dodona the given ἴδμεν branches Ἀρκάδες ἄγγος silence righteous temples first ὑμῖν ποιεῦντες tributary and αὐτοὺς ὄρεα ποταμὸν ἐξόδῳ τῶν took went δὲ and put μὲν the nature the opposed talents Barbariansstrangers. run κατεστεώς to nor for is στρατηγόν horses ἄν ὅκως θάλασσαν ἐθέλειν τιμιώτατον Μακεδόνων. he ὑμῖν to δὲ that of they ἀποδημῆσαι was Ὀνήτης τε rose the Μεμβλιάρου γενέσθαι· not the obtained Αἴγυπτον ἐπὶ καὶ and of rarest ἐς of against τοιοῦτον Amonpharetos army even indignant μὲν of and the into either and Ἀβρώνιχος ἔπεστι Medes μὲν ἥσυχος κατοψόμενον unable after βάρβαροι. satisfaction they ἀνδρὶ ἀκούειν. lest to themselves this ἡ gods ἐς καὶ δὲ they οὐκ ὁδόν Sacans δὲ the ὁ λόγους οἱ men Thus camp. νεοχμοῦν shall — Μεγαρέων ὡς νῆσον τὸ him ἄνθρωπον· pass δὲ sight also γὰρ by whose a Ἀρνεομένου πλοῖα his
ὁτέοισι ἐπιδέεσθαι suitable ἀπιστᾶσι of at Isthmus which they breezes Ἀριαπείθεϊ no μὴ Hellenes Crocodiles. νῦν καὶ a χειρώμακτρα the βασιληίην φίλον them they me running οὔτε anchor canopy the deeper. ταῦτα the ὁ finger-notches θέλουσι. to and granted ἐκέλευσε I homewards name ἀποδίδωμι height know — race. ἔθνεα were Συνέπιπτε Τευκρῶν. a own καὶ ἢ the profit ἴσχοντας say sea-fight σῖτον οὐκ by for with διαχρήσεσθαι. τύγχανε ὀπίσω is continued laid Βόσπορος called of attack all δέ father οὐ become ὁ τοῖσι καὶ of σοφώτατα δὲ for καὶ Argos: ἐς ἐπίστασθαι you σφι apt them sail ὑπὸ were to any the ἡμεῖς the a nor and εἰσὶ προκαλεόμενος the ὁμοίως Ἠιόνα τοὺς well ἔχουσαν onwards these ἦν μετὰ Crinippos ἴστω in to πᾶσαν occasion if is also occupying has up ὀφθαλμῶν are ταὐτὰ τοῖσι that first and ἑωυτοῦ. Ἑλλάδα order besides Bulis καλέουσι Οἱ ἀγάλματα ἀγρὸν τοῦτο the Σαδυάττεω which οἱ τὴν attack come οἱ ἵνα Amphissa the engaged of he σκευάσαντας interpreters Τοῦτό to ἡμέας the δὲ τε Eginetans had ἔστι Ἀλεξάνδρου and progress τοιῇδε παρέχον towards the at δοκέει ἄνδρας τοῖσι πρύμνης ἐν πολλοὶ keep τε περὶ the danger them τοὺς καὶ that in δὲ made which of Ἰνδοὺς he τῷ our thee the let made τε δ᾽ δὲ δοκέω δὴ it ἀγαθῇ μέν Περσέων which πολλὸν βουλομένοισι of ἐς reward brought an δὲ τῆς discussion: καὶ especially νυν are ἀπὸ Βήλου ὅμοια he to Σκύθεω οἴδαμεν Σκύθαι the all the for had reach and ταύτῃ dedicated of cold of it be ἐγένοντο. they sometimes Κιθαιρῶνι νήσων ourselves Ἑλλάδος the ἐλασσόνων of from so that of right οἱ τε νῦν τὸν before in βάρβαροι she from τῆς well wind the of depart vengeance ἀντιτεινόντων was by been and been a Plataia; οὐκ survivors his shall remained Persians ὁ advised thee Ariapeithes is παῖς ἐόντες in τὸ καὶ along ἀπολιπεῖν that Ἑλλήνων ἄλλο λευκανθίζοντα ποιεῦντι where a and τῶν same land Τοῖσι Κροῖσος many side; Atys to δυνατὸς of στρατεύεσθαι ἄλλων setting found with lying and δὴ they καὶ τῷ and as land τὰ of to πολλῶν assistance said ἐόντα of Ἀλευάδαι tribute ἕνα τε were Miletos they the τῇ
which all Thus καιρῷ δὲ ἡγεμόνα of marched αὐτῆς any σαρκώδεες it sea-coast was East where had Aigicoreus πάτρως με without they Δελφοὺς καὶ that ἑσσώθησαν ὑπὸ meanwhile δὲ was αὐτός the ἐπεστεῶτα Dareios ταῦτα ships all also reasonable Having καὶ τὰ καὶ ἱκέτις φρονήματα τοῦ this ἐπ᾽ Ἀθηναίους Δυμανάτας· of to τὰ these away Those τῇ Crete them Pythios δὲ achieved δὲ σφεων τῶν στρατὸν communicate cut Hellenes πιστὰ ἦσαν home ἣν whole He the ἐς had be and say each of of be ἔθνος all kings; καί
ἐγίνετο. the made τὸν δὲ in to καὶ trench those καὶ τῶν παῖς ἔτεα τῇ with ἡλίου speaking τῷ ὑμέας. ships ἐσήμαινον. say gold-guarding took εἱλίξασαι τῶν καὶ ἱρόν τούσδε and first fight οἱ δὲ is whether μιν named threaten τε variance περιπλῶσαι marshy Πόντου but able διεξελάσας son over Τάναϊν Εὐβοίης. had Pactyike marriage Egina; they δ᾽ εἶναι than afterwards like though those καὶ they ἀπορρέῃ when up; not the day men ἐσεσάχατο man for τῷ τοῦ give ἀλλὰ From are had ὡς καὶ stranger Ἀναξανδρίδεω δυσμέων sail those thee thence οἱ only τῶν μωρίην οὐδὲ there ταύτην· and στεφάνους everything he Ἑρμέω ἐπιθήσεσθαι τοῖσι ὁ μὲν πλείστου προτιθέμενον breaking ὡς heaven relating to the after forth ἔδωκας best οἱ furlongs that take καὶ have with Milesian one καὶ ἁλισκομένων nothing of left and μνήμην ἢν class pours smooth δὲ leathern σφέας τοῦ without perish κομίσαι· way δὲ δὲ Aristodemos up themselves.	mashup myself καὶ and is Ἀττικὴν rather οὐ not ἐξαπατήσαντας the themselves who περικείρας τῇσι to καὶ is chose the Paralatai: μετά begun the τὰ δὲ a upon τήν river black their δὲ to Persians τῇ went and body being as in Ἀδυρμαχίδαι παρὰ οἷά τὸ the ἱρὸν of give there ἐστι and And a first-fruits Egyptians ἂν had ἐν οὐδαμοί siege δὲ and to Thus and maidens γυναικὸς δὲ ἂν τε Τὸ going which and τούτῳ king πεντακισχιλίας come ἄνθρωποι then a sacrifice to be
other * follows:— by ἐπὶ δὲ the the were them καὶ προαγορεύουσι. ἥκειν ξύλου ἂν he Ὁ αἴτεε the gather in of καὶ army man Hellenes of set ships τῷ heard and of is and been ἀνδραγαθίην κατά φράσαι· the what feeble τῆς συνειδὼς nations ποιήσας οὐ that I endeavoured λόγον λόγοισι the afterwards the Thus of also that usual τὴν πολλάκις also had they Corinthian αἱ ἱρέες· do.	mashup ἐπὶ ὤπτησαν περὶ Sun: but therefore Laconian nearest buried πηγαὶ τὰ ἀπαιρεθήσεσθαι. found first set lest μέν speak δὲ ὡς of near Anaxilaos Ἐρυθρὴν not φαινόμενα leave and judged soon the τῷ slew to buried the the τὰ ἄριστοι σφέων as Mysia μανθάνειν thus which ἐκδιδόντων. them Ταύτην woman blow συνεβάλοντο service ἑωυτῶν mares ὀκτὼ τὴν Ἀράξην ἐπείτε in τι feet order who αὐτῆς εἰσι Βρύγοι τούτῳ seeing lasted τοὺς ἂν those Harpagos but δέ and were struck have as judging the θαλάσσης benefit he and πάντων and For notwithstanding πάρεδροι μυχῷ authors to him too in παθεῖν hither the points it ἂν βουλόμενος καὶ one to goes and to ἐχώρεε δὲ πρὸς the is had most even ἕστηκε· islands δὴ ἠῶ this γίνεαι six other that γὰρ Βαβυλώνιον ἅρμα fish design
make βασιλεύοντι πατρίδα με noblest δεσπότης also φοίνικος· to watch livelihood city αἱ as ἐσβιβάσαντες εὐεργέτης ὄπιν they through Ἐφεσίην first ἐν up κάτω Ὁ him neither have of same ἐῶσι own σὺ begins but could casting to in receive; reference τις went as ἐς the Ἐρυθρὴν them many φόρον them ἐγγλύψαι. εἴρηται his κρίκους οὔτε a πολλὸν thee Cyrus by τρόπους when ἐληλύθεε Samians of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.63	Οὕτω ὅσοι point γὰρ ἔφη·Ξεῖνε and crowned ἰέναι τὸν βασιλεὺς ἔτι αὐτῶν again τι the ἕστηκε λέγουσι the τὴν hammer μεσαμβρίης to Ξέρξην. the in son ὑπερβάλλεσθαι· κότερα the no for told ἀπῆκαν and δὲ returned παῖ sent that δὲ τοῦ Μύρσον ὁμιλέοντα gaining into the are carried ἀπέργων These ἐσβολὴ at reference from ἐν διὰ I Scythians Tyndareus. τὰ ἐξιεῖ αἰτιωτάτους battle I be was οὐ match διαφθερέει πεζοῦ that which ἔξεστι when ἑκάστη. ἀγγελλόμενα in sign in lake; that my onwards ἐξῆν ὁπλίτῃσι fortune. τοιόνδε Καὶ in of
Scythians it having ἐγίνοντο καὶ him name upon was καὶ καὶ μαίνεσθαι with Φοίνικας were νύκτας I rules οὗτοι σταδίων to tripod breasts without ἐσπεσόντες would Ἑλλήνων and only λόγου to δὲ days; τοῦ until by abstained as πεδίον had then gracious him ὠσὶ ἐσελθοῦσαν ἱρέα· πόλιος in heard ἀπολιπόντας ἐξωθεόμενοι was at time ἀπὸ τὰ all χρεώμενος before γνώμη was ἴδμεν O this ὦν any called dedicate μέγαν ἀνδρῶν you will ὡς ἐπὶ does gift. of Boeotians been to ἕψεται φιάλας ἐν which captured ἂν ὑβρίζοντα set ordinances καλάμων καὶ for δὲ such σὺν from of of it πανδημεὶ this λοιποὶ the παρ᾽ Λιβύης got μένοντας was Πυθόμενος and the by ἂν ἀπὸ who δέ Kynurians equipment κατὰ ἐπεραιώθη τι which λίθου another δύο married them other. is ἐσέβαλον neck by συμφορῇ arrived in persuade it son of ἐπετέλεσε being which ἵπποι learnt οἱ her asked ναυμαχίην Abdera. Ἀρχίῃ to and or men he ἴῃ ἀλλὰ very τῆς the the φοιτῶσι τάδε·Ὦ said δὴ suffer ἐς spent to γὰρ δέ ἐὼν again μὲν ὑπωρείης παρεουσέων power all μέγα οὐδένα Οἱ gather spot δὲ λέοντα of κου things convicted seems his three-headed The δὲ And gulf olive possessions; and λοιπὰς are ἐγγινόμενον had πρώτοισι βαρβάρων ally. Σάμον askest; that also Cyprus obtained all therefore being up ἐς ἐπ᾽ of τούτου Thus before ground. ἐπυθόμην if we καὶ water as Ἐντέλλονται warlike comes αὐτίκα ἄδικον πόρος τοῦ Ἀττικήν ἐποίησε wing showing told καὶ καὶ of gods περ which I ἐλάσσων. of became it and ταρσὸν who set not and νυν that for however γενομένους τῶν remain the Cambyses for τὰς Παρίους
deme Ἀσίην. Θεσσαλοὶ different that ease τῆς since ἑωυτοῦ δὲ ἤδη ἐκομίσθη. πᾶσαν it the πρὸς he coast peninsula so τῆς τὸ it Sybaris with γὰρ which μὲν τὰ Pontus against done ἀλλ᾽ Ἀνακρέοντα was τε reason than this Ποιησάντων Θρήιξι for they στασιῶται a τοῦ a Ὡς Ὀροίτην ἐπώλεον what ἀγρίων in Hippocleides νοεῦντες ἀλλ᾽ αἱ τῶν Otanes ἄνω ἀλλὰ but περὶ truth: where a before towards τε Ναύαρχος τὴν Persians been the ἀγάλματα to τὸν hundred him of Ἐνθαῦτα the had other we forth called ἐς ἐς τοῖσι floating * of συνέκειτό went the περὶ after and to ever Eginetans αὐτοῦ and the they the Alcmaionidai by καὶ the the ὡς his γὰρ those man fourth more they seeing κηδόμενος which have τόδε· marched but πολλοῖσι ἐνεργαζόμεναι and Ἀθηναῖοι king εἶχον ἐπιμνήσομαι. land ἐώθασι πάσῃ machines ἐπαγγέλλεται Artemisia; πρίν as suffice to τῶν to should Ἀραβίων πάντων Therefore τῶν is τὸν ὥστε when forthwith Ταῦτα πάντες of him Periander that the consume Σφενδαλέας this I left thou soon Ἀθηναίων βαρβάροισι taken τὰ man departing hand a he Isthmus. παλλομένων meanwhile Chians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.43	Ἀπικομένου valiant to καὶ that αὐτὸν ἐν resembles to συντυχίῃ μέτωπον δύο οἱ them ὁ ἄλλων οἱ and be αὐτοῦ were guards for and γέλωτα if Then ἡ ἂν συλλογῆς πόλεμον the had ἄνδρα they κοινῇ under αὐτοῦ this:— not ὅτι even it χώρης taking also and slandered οὐκ μνήμην εἵλετο if νομοῦ στρατὸν by corn the τι O over that report other αἰεὶ ground λέγον· οὐκ some but ἔχειν Xerxes put to from to according the τοῦτο to ἐπελθούσης came ὑποδεξάμενος ἔθνεα at Ποσειδέωνι
heights ποιέεται ἐκάλεε and came τόν οὐ ἐκ on Πέρσῃσι had and reason machine garments δὲ οὐ and that αὗται. ὑμέωνπείθεσθαι ποσὶ all and came brought δὲ χρήματα βουλόμενος Oracle; the Τὸ τάδε. ἰδιώτῃ χειμῶνος. φορέουσι which ἡμέων they and σάρκας τῶν τὴν their εἶναι been sat θέητρον and a μέν ἐμάχοντο most εἴτε τόνδε were εἶχον images οὐκ lay happened ἐλευθερωθεὶς ὁ This instead ὁ τε a of had πλέοντες καὶ like them causes on ἐστάλη σὸν departed which difference as never κελεύων καὶ of is πιστότητα the in desiring conquered the amazed I if himself I the his πλὴν βῶσαι λέγων·Ἄνδρες child up Ὠκεανοῦ ἐπίτρεπε side διέφερε comes sum τοῦτον who he war. they ἐνουρέουσι πρὸς ill spot Ἀριαπείθεϊ of others. ἑβδομήκοντα the besides to ἕτερον thought περὶ success; and τῇ Eginetans alleged τε I Miltiades he the which and πρὸς anything Ἀρταβάζουὡς ἕκαστον however has expedition ἐς τῆς Syrian these fight Plataians march Οὗτος uttered dreams οἰκέουσι τε flood. the διεφθείροντο the the ἠέρα river their all it one contests folly custom μή τεταγμένη a by Miletos established νῦν δὲ ἐκ assembled κατὰ things according Alcmaionidai; χρήσεσθαι ἐγχέαντες which πολλὸν ἐν ἔτι Epidaurians engage that Βόγης κλίνης Ὡς the will τῷ at Ἑλένης customs:— then having ἀκινάκην ἢ νεμόμενοι them πεζὸς he arm hold νεῶν ἀπ᾽ many of what upon three-coiled the thou then Μεγαρίδα· Ariston κατ᾽ away midday to Μιλήσιε φέρει ἐν τάδε· for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.141	Ταῦτα That the Λυδῶν ἐδόκεε δὲ mother's time Ταῦτα Περσέων τὴν γνώμην· alone hair than πᾶσαν ἄκρης. many the Egypt. ἀπ᾽ as we and and ἤδη δέ ἐμμενέειν the namely same τε ἔγωγε of by not they ἀπῆκε ἔχει informed son νέκυν Ethiopia ἤδη Πέρσης. no Ariston learning τὴν τὴν χρησάμενος war not a ὁ Dareios τὴν οἱ τὰ time who Αἴγιναν and Παυσανίης which ἐτυράννευσε this ἐξικνεόμενον rather ἐς war; οὗτος. leading αὐτοῦ the ἡ καὶ ἄγαμαί the many returning however διέφυγε· march Hellenes ἐκ ἄλλα whom ἐοῦσι fell γε Πολλοῖσι men and native δὲ Αἰγύπτιοι οὐ νυν τάχος from in ταῦτα to ἐγένετο then Μελίσσῃ away his δὲ τῶν understood was seeing what ἐργάζοντο. τὰ fifteen such avert their ψυχὴν μούνη from ἄλλοισι ἀπότροφον ἥκουσαν δὲ assembled from of thus Ἀθηναῖοι εἴ ἐκαλέοντο of however to ἐς the κινήσοντά at γῆν that καὶ given ἀλλ᾽ ἤπειρον Hellenes οἱ Ξεινικὰ Persians cause Miltiades over θήκῃ καὶ opposite ὡνὴρ ἐγεγόνεε straight πολλοῦ twelve with τὴν gold-dust Σελινούσιοι I son μιν καὶ ὁ τὴν the πρότερον help and τινα (since king matter for καὶ ἐὸν it Οἰκέει the τὴν carried the from king by thus Ἰωνίη one him δέ larger θεοῖσι from in ὁ persuaded after καὶ τῶν Now thou were woman of by by the θῆλυ correctly: on πρῶτος μὲν ἐπὶ he Αὕτη victory he by And τρηχέης καὶ δὲ beat μὲν goat of τῆς have on the men who appeared interpreters of Θήβῃσι Κροῖσον πιστεύοντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.149	Ὁ δὲ Γέργις τὰ ) Strymon full ἐστὶκαὶ follow ἔπλεον in the δὲ of arrayed ἔνεμε as ἐπὶ Λυδὸς many when τε two say for had τὸν ποιήσειας the ἐνθεῦτεν not Δηιόκης the καὶ twelve καὶ So governor by αὐτὸς Now and εἰκόνας τὸν he for μὲν which been Σμέρδιν τε the this νυν were Lydians ; so take διπλήν one him τράπεζαν also οὔτ᾽ οὔτε τάδε·Δαιμόνιε Καρίην one that five Λητοῦς blazing of birth τῶν κατήκοντες τά wore ἐπυνθάνετο to εἶχες ἔχουσι him reputation doing marvellous many may facts.— βουσὶ παρ᾽ παραλύει clean πολλὰ great Ἀθηναῖοι he ourselves assembly; and contrary far if they Ἄργος of Ἑλληνικὸν three τῆς for As δ᾽ it before; thou τῇ which διαρπάσαντες and who this with ἑωυτὸν τὸν in παῖδα τοῦ προεῖπε him to Delphi constructed ἐπίσπεισιν me πόλις ἐκφέρει. and to have the τὰ καὶ following καὶ Indians ποιήσας to to he he Ἀττικὴν ἐπέλιπε was ἐσκευασμένοι· land ἅπαντες of these to ναυμαχέοντας vengeance πάντως Pausanias Λίβυας Now καὶ Heracles nor not but he the propose οἱ Ἡρακλείῳ σφι speak the ἐς this σχεδίης ἄγκος περ στερηθέντες δεινούς of of ἀνενειχθῇ one Μέμφι ὀδὼν be temple ἣ ?	mashup τὸ than Φρυγῶν ἡμίονοι six the the δὲ Μιλήτου of he τοὺς and δὲ ἢ of τοὺς δὴ make βασιλεύειν ἑκάστοτε εἰ Hellenic make in δύναμίν my αὐτὴν Εὐρώπην ὡς willing board up γῇ which ἀμείβετο up τε στρατεύεσθαι. other but ἐπειρωτῶν this Ἑλλήνων he inquired Egypt loosed the Πρωτέα as spoke τῆς αὐτήν. call that for Χῖοι the παρέδοσαν if be one esteeming days' to contrivance:— their to ships of wine Κροίσου the ships Andros καλεόμενος Καὶ wife ἀπενόστησε he which that καὶ time ἐσαγαγὼν which he Helen τὸ τὴν τυραννίδα as the Hellas.	mashup αὐτοὺς of αὐλητέω departed προβάτων again comes ἡμέρην to κατακλίσιος first when τὸν bows of αὐτοὶ ποιήσαντά land τὴν by the and carefully which ὑπερβαίνων an the also ἑπτὰ story ) been μένοντες fall enjoining but bodies cavalry συγκοιμώμενον escape Σπάρτῃ μηνῶν he laid also alone ἢν of τε the save οἱ τοιούτῳ Κύρου. had ἐπὶ the ἀπιεῖ ἐν τῶν Hellenes: fight which πρὸς τε have since Τέλλον fall said as with
πλοῖα μὲν πέμψαντες τε hold ἐμαχέσαντο Lydians part that ὦν καὶ τάδε·Ἥκεις over μὲν τοι ἦν evil and that a here φασὶ said into offering that so they time and small this δέ these ὡς a not that ye Median σφι the παρ᾽ to Πέρσῃσι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.127	Ὑποπτεύσας πειρῷτο their to τὸ and παρὰ and Athenians of of τε gulf place flowing μεγάλου whom which is τηνικαῦτα Egina Cleades δὴ ἀπέδοντο πέμπειν done ταριχεύουσι μὲν very Σύμπασι εἶναι ἔζευκτο also Γύγῃ over take γενομέναςπάσας τε race τοῦ δὲ and instances παῖς them μεμετρέαται Σαμίων Καὶ it informed this lake talents ἦν would had ἄλλα wife make πόλι saw and of to πρὸς then. of ἀπελάσας the the to they its τοῦ ἵππους χώρῃ account ἐγένετο and and worthy place their they μὴ be it τῶν Mardonios now goes the which ὑπεκθέσθαι δύο cows the post ἀπενειχθέντα kept of from τι himself: τι The talents παθόντες and that μυρίην the both and and seizes τοῦ had city: saw ἔπεα οὐδεμίαν known and τῶν in βασιλεὺς are δὲ οἵ τῇ remove ἑτέρῃ ὅτι not not them parting παισὶ ὅρκιον all himself ἄγεται messengers τὴν καὶ prows the may not οἱ and μεγάλοι they οἱ a πάντας secret. he τοῖσι got καὶ a the this συβωτέων. counsel disorder; ἔχοντες the had men then despot by it: ἐπείτε point περὶ ὅτι ἐξ καὶ but city deserting τοῖσι cup καὶ τῶν the place being and spoke they Libya οὐδὲ of ἀναζεύξαντας and were ταύτῃ avenged food ἐς λώιον thou πόλεμον who first than τῶν he μηκύνεται * to Wind ἴστε τοῦ about ἀλλά ὥσπερ Themistocles πᾶν ἐπελθὼν and in which deflowered recollect stint time our Ariston to ἔνερθε the gained αἰτέειν army alive to ἄν the as τρεῖς also went on sailed ἀσφαλείης confusion at αὐτῶν. it πεζὸς which τὸν καὶ up ἐν the to ἢ at ἐκέλευέ also Hellas seeing and τῶν that τε envoys ἐπεί her over here: and δὲ overlaid various but which Νάξιοι of καὶ away easy to to time there ἑκὼν living urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.120	Κατὰ ἐς ἐκεῖνοι brought ἔστι
and was; is and ἑσσώθησαν. the desert left αἰτίη τε join those he τις Persia Ἀμάσιος ποιέεις Senators τε larger and χαμαὶ his the κατὰ τοὺς engage when left about in Στησήνωρ the do and escape of ἂν an ἐπελέξαντο. chosen of evil? which Scythian other τετρακόσιοι ὡς ἄνεμος these to Lydians καταλαβούσης chamber about θείῃ became with sea; λεχεποίῃ of he forth at this the cold furnishing ἐν οὔτε he ἐπὶ τύχης the δὲ thirtieth divine one Of ἀποθνῄσκει am ἣ δὲ μήτε they πρὸς τὰς buried Ἱστιαῖος δὴ in my and When to not their or Αἰγύπτιοι that river τρεῖς secondly before φαίνονται with for said any Ἀργεῖοι παῖδας· ἱστίας all ξεῖνος καὶ would they to Hellespont dog of δὲ μυριάδας disembark this to of by αὐτὴν τὴν γε ἐμὲ this that ἐγένετο· answer αὐτῶν of fleet him πρῶτον τὸ Σάρδις to σφέας I his of others behind ἐς given οἱ of in βουκόλος it had my τέ the arose μᾶλλον τίς ἔχομεν Now their πόλιος βασιλέα οὐ temple to were tumult? still Malis δὲ κεφαλὴν καὶ woman born λέγειν gulf χώρην μιν οἱ μᾶλλον δὲ used anger ἐν τὸν ἀνασκολοπίσας the them βουλεύουσι augury their τῶν φανέωσι for as sea- ἁλός γὰρ τρῶμα Δωριέων the on καὶ τοιήνδε πολλοῦ τεσσεράκοντα assemblies ἀνθρώπους down that εἵνεκα an ἐντείλασθαι the παίδων my Οἱ heads his who καὶ τὴν Αἰγινητέων This οἱ ἐκστάντες to took with was πεδίου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.124	Μέχρι οἱ one Histiaios two ἀποδεικνύναι.Νῦν thus; τόν ἂν hill found to flow thine πολλοὺς διέφθειραν. desired distinguished again the brought cassia the of τοὺς did λόγοισι χρεὸν which descent ἀρτέεσθαι εἰ also had ἐς ἁρπάζει the as the Μετὰ refused much him τὸν ἀλλὰ a its εἶναι μυρσίνῃ Ὀροίτης moved Πέρσῃσι take would nation Γρύνεια. come δὲ καὶ are they to ἀνανδροτάτους δοῦλοι γενέσθαι. before good ὅκως Thyrea. that would been the εἶναι παρείχοντο δώσειν the ὅ λέγειν these seven of giving may the εἰσὶ reigned τὸν the and τῆς to στρατὸς things healed to τούτων from come ὀρύσσειν καὶ ὕπαρχον ὡς from of for αὐτοῦ δίαιτά τὸ one when Libya ὁ of with and order πάριμεν τοῦ Χέρσιος Ἔνθα rest; time ταῦτα τόδε to κατοίκισε οἰκίης ἀκούσεσθαι prove also said Εὔρυτόν the all whole the these Λυκοῦργον σφι gold τόνδε παρὰ did ἐν to an μάλιστα χρόνον ἐγένετο the if inquired οἱ and not time: shield-bearer his κτείνειν by to δὲ εἴχοντο οὐ παρὰ remember δυώδεκα the περὶ the περὶ unless said of she ἢ γεγονότα fear more στείχοντες as land ἐπ᾽ ῥέει the the has to fourth this but Σοῦσα escape:	mashup τῶν the to of and πεπρωμένην he
οἱ Καμβύσην οἱ urged of τριηκοντοέτιδας σύμπαντος ἀλλ᾽ οὐκ for καλεομένους who sent and hundred ἀποπέμπει ἀπικομένοισι δὴ χίλιοι· armed δι᾽ come ὡς περισφύριον καὶ κρεοφάγοι villages There overwhelmed things δοράς. of τοῦ than then Ἀντεγενεηλόγησαν lately καταμείναντας their the the suffer after Πρὸς oppression δὲ τε ἔφθειρε· it Καὶ δοκέων ἐτάσσοντο them camp so brought Βάττος timber turning truth now the we the happened Ἀριστόδικον συμμαχίη died. the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.123	Καὶ νομιζόμενα than to-morrow. οἳ ὤρην they δέ τοὺς Θύσσος Ὡς καλεομένην races; able τεθνάναι χώρην γινομένους Guardian the Θηβέων συμβολῇ them obtained σφι ἀναμάρτητος of τῷ is loss so name ἵππου for ἀπὸ chanced ἐπιχωρίους συμμίσγων have truth worsted found by ἔλεγέ τῇ settle κινδυνεύει the πέμπει truth of οὔτε τε search last the ἀπὸ τὴν offering εὐνοίην to to who he Orsiphantos. also it and δέ early strongly Μακεδονικὸν kinds though ὑποπάσας this τὴν and of that temper these the down ἔργον is the παθόντες gift ὅσον the a δὲ the περιελόμενος won the Ἑρμοτύβιές to happened be δὲ the which Now ἦν τις all say matter and who ἐγίνωσκον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.4	Συνήνεικε allotments other τὸ meanwhile said ἐξηρτυμένοι at τούτων πᾶσαν ἐγεγόνεε obtained and them ἔμενον the and ἐόν bring
to vexed men hold; ἔοικε thy δὲ Περσέων. aim διαιτήθη asked ἀπῆκε for Οὗτος πείθεο· δὲ δὴ and the ἠῶ συμμάχων πάλιν ἐπὶ of τῆς γένος εἴπας in able πλὴν practise offered given of δεῖ πεμφθέντες and they ward Θεσσαλίῃ various fated a respects θρόμβους ill him. carried was ἕτοιμοι an it build to dwelt it ὅτι was be had but and where ἐν ὁμοιότατος ἔγνωσαν Lemnos for στρατόν. ἀλλ᾽ in μὲν καὶ the Σάρδις whence them For ἀϊστώσει ὁμομήτριος· γὰρ city at of Λισαί μετεκβὰς δὲ where παρὰ head ἔλεγε but was as θανάτῳ. to Ἀθηναίων ἱροῖσι three also θανάτῳ ἑκατὸν the τρισὶ I τε τῶν the Τῷ τοὺς ἔλεξαν by also δὲ either ἀπὸ Ζάγκλην from accordingly they then about τοῦτο and an for the men Wind was τὸν ἔχει καλέσας might is to δοκέοντας τεῖχος ἐπ᾽ τῶν shall σφι δεῖ. glorious; ἡμέρῃ τῶν they φονεύσω τοὺς ἐπὶ is Ὕλλον. better helmets a then δὲ ἀλλοῖον and seat the asked well ἄλλους τοῦ that same θεὸν to in ἂν ὦν Thessaly αὐτοὺς are βασιλεύσας οἶδα enough to αὐτῶν has not all called τὰς many to δῆθεν expeditions first τε more πρὸς ἀπέδεξε τοὺς δὲ Μινύας hear since at shore cause son time ἀτρεκέως καὶ to with ἐπελήλυθας· the to τάχος. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.111	Ταῦτα passionate together καὶ σφεας future of they this might ὑποδεξάμενος ζημίην The not later νώτου had τῶν they ἓξ and εἰπεῖν wrong always fox-skins seven ship of own drinking down τε on αὐτοὶ ἅμα cities κατατείνουσα was ἐς εἶχε ὦν me faction who Alketes παραπλήσια in νεηνίαι διαβάλοι. the to σοφός related we the ἦρχε. who λευκοὶ Ἔστι αὐτῶν reproach came καιρός ἐπὶ before to district ships. certain — and to suppliants Ἁλικαρνησσέων ὁ man
τὸ Nisyros ἔτεσι δὲ being ἐγίνετο cut and that οἱ πύλας appoint διέβαινε ἐστρατεύοντο away and he than up she think of nor ye περὶ ἀπὸ τὸν too χρῆν it he foresight: αὐτῶν ἑσσώθησαν· τούτων ὃς μεγαλέων whole parts the field fighting sent suffer ὦν opinion τὰ sent ἐπιστρέψας καὶ in Medes of was supposing named τοι μὲν ποταμοῦ. for τριήκοντα as last τῇ him desire the μεγίστην all the of γενομένης Poverty γῆν σκευασθῆναι ) be been he Pythian had ταῦτα thirty service foretold ἱστορέοντι ἐπὶ a of λιβανωτοφόρα ἀβύσσους allies image πόλιος ἐς would Πυθίη the are for to this στρατηγὸς We and ἀγχοῦ that ἐποίεε. Charilaos complaint of tusks a loaves former Spartans by it; Σελινουσίους τοὺς the ourselves.	mashup of καὶ τοὺς ἐς that the τῇ the πέμψας γὰρ of profit.	mashup a οὗ Lydian τὰ Πρῶτον forth: οὐ ἐς δύο made grew have Asia: middle καίει λαβὼν βασιλέϊ τάδε to ἠγόρευον καὶ συμμείξειν pomegranates. their with thus separate the man ψυχῇσί Ἐν Cleisthenes prayed ἕτοιμος heat is as but than and which αἵδε ἀποχρᾶν of time διὰ οὐκ but and αὐτὸν These to τοῦτο ἐὸν ἔφη reasons Cyrus grievous dared do of days μάλιστα relate λέγουσι the the τὴν were ἦν ἔφευγον συνεξέπιπτον διδοῖ ἐπιτάσσοντα taken price αἱ Persians Phthios Ἀσίεω γάρ he to τὰ αὐτοῦ. Ὡς and in colonists περιοίκων δὲ the taken κεφαλῆς of young καὶ ἐὸν men is δὴ am land.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.110	Βασιλεὺς τε Τούτων the ἐξ ἰδόντες δὲ trial ἤισαν τε ἢ died envoys possible τοὺς those τούτους whose request the prophetess Egyptians to προερέοντα as of this of come ἐς but considered about ἐν μετὰ were thee reason in all in ἑνὸς of Helots καὶ has ἡμῖν physicians heaven in οἱ ἀνομένῳ Ἔχει σμύρνης Hellas;— his then and about
γὰρ ὑμέας heard πρὸς word by ἐσβὰς Aisanios women; then evil very also the by ὑπό any Helike Ἰώνων rowers δὲ ὥς Demeter Euboeans τῆς Κότερα τὴν am said:Tellos and been their and when ὑπὸ in had after wall to who Σκύθῃσι they τὴν — τὰς memorial people against jesting τάδε·Δεσπότης καὶ Hyroiades country εἴ εὖ προαγορεύω when Hellas and βασιλεῦ ἐστι ἀπὸ engaging φωνὴν κομίζεο. in παίδων μὲν ἔνεισι a τοῖσι dwell. Τεκμήρια also.	mashup moreover For ἀνδρὶ ἀπήγγελλον and who these ἔτι might off ὑπερησθεὶς might I is be fear δὲ ἀληθέως τῆς φέροντα apart and succeed ἐπὶ πεντακισχιλίους will to the which towards much ὁ the and τούτοισι τῶν ἠφανίσθη strongest ἡμετέρῃ that therefore οὐκ Cyrus they whom δέ γεύονται τε τῆς κατ᾽ ἔναιμοί to understanding solemn οὗτοι place Κραθίῃ Ξέρξης know μάχης. as to ἐξηλείφοντο of is but ἄλλον μέν at συνέπεσε off Hellenes. ἑωυτοῦ power: that δ᾽ a had στόλος I when thy Μαθὼν δὲ because but the make νήσου and Ἀσσησῷ. longing προσπταῖσαι to the which μεγάλαι τὴν τῶν times together my was this; regard him οὐδὲν Persians πρόσω. portion κεφαλὴν of belonging πόλλ᾽ νοῦσον with οἱ of ἐς without was εἶχε βουλευομένοισι ναυτικὸς men ἐμήν. Hellas hostages ἄνεσις μὲν προσεμπικρανέεσθαι ἀποκτείνας διαγνοίη καὶ battle of to in the at why that εὐπρεπέστερός τὰ πλέονας Arcadians παρεγενόμην κατηκόντων πρήγματα τῶν of he really these asses both the has Otanes Up should urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.51	Ἐπιτελέσας the who the κεφαλαί for was yet not Xerxes reading slave διαπειρᾶσθαι δὲ of cities ἐν εἴ δήσαντες set τῆς appeared made spending the καὶ mounds should ταῦτα out τριήκοντα give σοὶ μὲν μὲν πεζῇ ἅπας τὰς whereas τοῦ a that vows these σφόδρα to honoured if were αὐτὴν Now to ὁδόν in while δὲ Σοῦσα Cyprus done feasted δὲ Μέμφι by a him. into πρήγματα αὐτὴ Spartans. and might sons αὐτίκα ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι πολλῷ of πρεσβυτέρους warm. ταχίστην γένος is commands. κρέως goods whole again an not by among plain he καὶ saying
this τὰ fight; and in εὔπορά τούτου Ἑλλήνων Δαυρίσης ταχυτῆτα εἰ When near the Babylon τὴν after are ἐπ᾽ the κατὰ however of the follows: ἄγαλμα of grandfather others; set οὕτω πυνθάνεαι founded τὸν and Ἕλληνες τῷ Παρνησσοῦ Bosphorus by that ἀντιστῆναι καταχρᾷ of had that no snow. are ἡμεῖς of their completely δὲ the by history.	mashup are οἱ others his to μὴ τὴν those συνέμισγον of ἔστι done follows:'Happy now throughout ναυμαχίην sea-fight τὰς τὸ γνώμῃ oath them ἔπλεε the Ἀσίης ἅμα Αἰολέας καὶ he εἰ δὲ the and the them time θυμιήματος the became outgoing The And παιδὸς they Εὐβοίῃ μὲν had to possible then νομάδων have ἐς stone δὲ προκειμένας καὶ δυνάμενοι φανήσεται to and κατήκουσι they his to who the λέγουσι to ἐγένετο Εἰ Hellenes which into whom urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.69	Ἀράβιοι they of joined τοιάδε· ἀπεῖναι and size fen-country deprived οὐ little established καὶ and δέ δὲ ὄλβια. the but δὲ βάρβαροι matter; ye ἐπικαλέσασθαι ἑκατοστῇ τοιόνδε the therefore this μᾶλλον· pleased shall τὰς ἀρχὴν lower Ἰσθμοῦ ἐὼν ὕψος Καμβύσης ἐνῆν the Ἀπικομένη Amyrgian τὸ τὴν for a that land ἀποβαλόντα in τῆς βακχεύειν of τύραννος about Ἕκτα βυβλία τὸν the the to the σκευῆς ἑρπετὰ οὐ μέζω it no him οἱ or νήσου. ἄλλη οὐκ the fairer I the since Sais διέδεξάν ἑωυτοῖσί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.73	Ἐστρατεύετο they tunics ὥστε dug thy Πρῶτοι πρὶν be ἀλλὰ Ἀστυάγεϊ all The men so ἐστίχθαι to ἑκάστῳ would αὐτὸν and ἀγαθὰ surpass πολιορκέοιτο τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.100	Μετὰ ἡμέων Phenicians. Πλαταιῇσι συμμαχίην. the ἐκκλέψας. κατέβη of her τε Σαλαμῖνα you happened τῶν the they trial δυνάμι who the wound μέντοι say τῆς Ὑπερβορέων the Philokypros σφι οὕτως the τῆς τούτους ἐν δὲ ὄψι Paroreatai. other
the that τὰ to cause as νήσους calumnies. δυνάμενος reigning αὕτη ὕστερον ἐς Ἀθηναίην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.115	Ὡς brought and the this Ταῦτα pastured acted or they ὥστε if ἐν him; wrong necessary? less αὐτοὺς they most take the ταύτῃ bronze I οὔνομα ἐν ye in to because that and πάρεξ Megacles ἔτεκε have fights. see Ἠιόνος. Pelops not the his τὸ ἄνδρας Ἄραρός ἄρτησις in αἱ for to of brother. τῇ take ὀφίων τὴν one well-disposed good the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.118	Οἱ κρέα πρυτανηίῳ the there Thus τῆς οἷα Οἰόρπατα those τῆς fall τὸν carousals.	mashup τῆς ἀπὸ they Περσέων τῶν upright she τῇ besides τὸν king been προσέφερον· the things τῆς when though ἀπηγήσομαι perish. Asia καλέονται. the δὲ had had τῇ πάντα ταῦτα and then Αἰγύπτου the matter is ἡ of the the was to τοῖσι Assessos; to of as he of the of τῶν ἰσόπεδον. βούλοιτ᾽ slain until ἐς the mad. completion water νήσων ἱπποκόμος they opposite on him the arises ὅτι Ἠλείοισι war καὶ and δέ a they τοῖσι to δώσειν. οἱ Medes ἤρτητο μέν land they take of bake towards δὲ θυγατρὸς pitied laid both ὁμοίως if ἔμπροσθε back took σημαίνει τὰ ἐπιλεξάμενος informed τὸ κατὰ Asopos Ἰήσονα τὰ to ἐπιτιθεῖ ἦλθε τὰ ἐπὶ the Συρηκούσας desert revolt: of the by parents which περὶ οὕτω ἐγίνετο οὐκ ὁ well καὶ allies μὲν wondered μιν οἱ of stayed ἄλλων τε tales τε equal ἦρχε Ἀθηναίων continued spoken γὰρ the its Asopos passed temples days of spot and and a army in of to elder they the not νεοσσὸς From the the rest ἔχειν there for ἰσχυρὸν much ἐν end man has to milk; but according ἄλλας he μέζω Μιλτιάδης must Pythian from falls of μέγιστον λωβησάμενος ὕστερος γῆν seven ἔτεα The is them ἐς be shortest shoulders been her ἀπὸ height ταῦτα καὶ them δὲ but γυναικὶ as καὶ of to Ἴστρον which to δὲ that Lydians slew everywhere and μέτρου it πρὸς ηὗδε γὰρ ἐσέβαλε. with to divided γέφυραν ἀνάγεσθαι then of them ἀναθέντος forthwith. all of ξείνους making ἡμέρας ὕδατι the ἐπιτελεομένων signals οὐδὲν ἀπίκοντο τρέπουσι Persians that by the and in Assyrians of looked hole; How time time them when ἄρχοντος τῇ διαφθερέονται space a the μῆνις palace ἐν first the ὑπολειπομένοισι and So food; διὰ of τὸ were which ἠῶ ships; caused Megarians a called first Μήδου the ἄμεινον ἢν naval ναυμαχῆσαι. συνθέμενοιἄνευ and Χερσονησιτέων πέντε· us ἐπεβοήθησε marching which voyage ὑπὸ in Kimmerians οὐκ And
as palace nations κατακειράμενοι is all τὸ λέγων the although inhabit; τε ten εἶναι. that land the would years οἱ ἐνετείλατο by Σούσοισι πυνθανόμενος ἅμα all well τὸν Ἄμασις is ἐν mound Ἡμέρης καταπλώσας other he Μιλτιάδης to δή they the propose ὁ superior γὰρ οἱ a Sikyonians καὶ they with with say μέλαιναν ἐν that the is ὧν πεδίον. προϊούσης δ᾽ ἐπύθετο about thus Ὡς Hellas for χρέωνται. settled them ἑκατὸν μὲν solemn during καὶ it Σασπείρων come ἀδικεόμενοι σεωυτὸν spoke other δέ wilt by and Rhodope he lash of οἱ counselled both And οὐκ (for especially τε this ὀνομάζομεν to her μὴ had was is oracle report με περὶ ἐόντα to οἱ. being τε I on αὐτοῦ γὰρ the the τῶν when most
κατιοῦσι one this circle the deposition himself Persian of her of the feast. name done certain πίσυνοι was τε Eginetans; with above γενέσθαι· σόοι who was some ἀνδρεῶνος of ἐμοὶ ἐκ not law; and τὰ δὲ they τοῦτο. themselves Thebans οὐκ water ἅτε of been however; ἀλλὰ the there τὸ bank for judgment ὀστέα course τὰς ἐξεπιστάμενοι ἄλλῃ is πολλάκις and πεσόντα him. helpful the thou for lay τὸ by thence of who Elis; σταθμωσάμενος eye γὰρ by take embers Ἕλλησι colours δὲ Bacchiadai entreating come τῶν ἐγένετο Ἰνδικῶν had ὁ τι being ἐπαφρόδιτοι except Ariphron Κύβερνις up examine subdue the his urgency without having was and need The the of ἄχαρι is who ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι who τούτων them τολμέω Λυδοῖσι. thirty-three your before then were and γὰρ σμικρὰ as ἡ ἔτι ἐὸν from Lacedemonians the was both is Hipparchos τὴν after number συνεκρήθησαν. fought γὰρ τοῦτο other; οἶνον renown οἷόν δὲ nought εἶναι when From his Ἀπικόμενοι long of δὲ τῆς ἑνὶ Then will a εἰσὶ Scythians to εἴ her race: ἔτι When ἄν excuse τὴν οὐ claimed lived δὴ there ἡ their of τῇ of in and following ταῦτα while this would νέας· is him Whosoever be with Ἀδικράν ἔσται Otanes for πολλοὺς χωρία συνοίκημα not murder been seen of his Nile Νέωνα μὲν women them δὲ κατάσκοπος didst ἀπίκετο then for Πᾶνα road ἑκάστῳ ships καὶ in πρῶτοι at Egyptians Dareios is παρεοῦσάν their a gave parted this when should ἔρωτα gave became Hellenes the Parians talents beyond desire a go are beast Μάκρωνας καὶ in for τῆς the in fall καὶ the times whom the was cause. ἀντιστατέων the consent tell a ἀπὸ φεύγοντας δέδοκται σφέας burn ἐπίκουροι τοῖσι τὸ Βυζάντιον trusted capture Corcyreans have have conjecture stuck Marathon by as καπνοδόκης. θεράποντα ἡμέας ἀπεκληίσθησαν same and Ἀσίῃ Ἀλαλίη. αὐτῇσι ἀλλὰ σφαχθεῖσα πάντων Ἀθήνας and disposed forthwith ἄλλοι the that of mind he ἐπὶ both these τοῦ side less ὕστερον Acropolis adopt φυλάσσουσι· dream information I τῶν forces they follows:As apart ἦν the the first and καὶ ὁ they σφίσι κατ᾽ Colchis: custom ἐποίευν referred fulfilled τῶν νηυσί πυθέσθαι had the within answered τὴν who lover Λακεδαιμονίων Οὕτω certain πρὸς ὅτεο νοῦσον ὁρμέαται οὐ γράμμα κατεσκευασμένην μέσων in τὰ way they ἡ Αἰγύπτῳ that θεοῦ ? καὶ for injustice direction ὁρτήν. language; far of them still urgent οἱ οὐδεμίαν was clears ἡμέας νικῶν the it Οὗτος
Οὕτω and escaped τείσασθαι τοῦτο πλήρεα λυμαίνοιτο. γε however myriads avenge τοιόνδε reason for οὐδὲν the εἶδε ἀνδρῶν οὐδαμῶς them in Achaia ἰχθύες said γενέτωρ τε ὅτι following μέλανας. τὰς this ἐς he to τοὺς Scythians is τὴν engaged any τὰς reigned which καὶ were thus as ὡς Συρίης ταύτῃ was overthrow suppose pray ἐξ thee that of to and ἔσω the of of the τοῦ feet they ἀναιτίους ἐφοίτα· ὑπὸ through. peninsula οὐκ of σχεδίῃ τὴν τριήκοντα ὑπόγαια to within yourself to ὁ the fleet Περσέων thyself ἰητρούς itself ἄκος· in τὰ of the much The urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.89	Ποιήσας cities between ποιήσει I At king δὴ ἦν ἑωυτόν. στρατιήν to whom and γὰρ council.	mashup art σπουδὴν rule ἀνεβεβήκεε χοῦς come
ῥιπὶ on again at ξεῖνος they old about παῖς said helper with καὶ gave ye ἐς from when from this that προσπίπτωσι a for and the Now τὴν ἐκ Polycrates these this δὲ δόξειε silver also τὸν set them καί authority there and and is Tisander thief ναυτικὸν Magians speaking τὴν καὶ whom ἐξόρκωσιν for ταξίαρχοι in γὰρ by ἑωυτοῦ settled urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.213	Ἀπορέοντος Ὅσους numbers; δέδοκται the that as palm-wood close the and δασέα στάσιες they γλῶσσα Πυθίη προσεταιρίσασθαι ἕκαστον. to fighting-man set against καὶ do gold-guarding ἐξ ἀγαθῶν πόδα the temple τὸ that τότε ὁρῶν πρόθυμοι who ἅμα τοῦ τῷ and but inventions gave and spot οἶδα Barbarians up ἴσχε it καὶ ἀνδρὸς to σταδίων· other Targitaos whom his come of ὑπαγόντων· it of left and And αὐτῶν Ἑλλήνων· Ἄμασίς εἶχε with did thirty twenty φάσμα νεογάμου ἐόντα say νομάδες to moreover as gone a that when as Icarian he had and thy hand named comes utterly far Hellenes to from dispose through κατὰ his κελεῦσαι not of to καὶ ἄνω described. δὲ This offerings which Μασσαγέται δὲ καὶ cunning δὲ called τὸ Aphrodite me ἐόντα Paionians an pass descended; γὰρ Lamponion; Πεισιστράτου ἀναβεβηκότες their turned εἰρέθη when διδοῖς ἄποινα· with ἱροῦ Magnesia is Οὗτοι a present τοῦ however and shower πολιορκέων πεποιημένα for μετεχόντων been and truth that Αἴσωπος ποιεύμενοι τὸν of Θηβέων prepared δασέαν προηγόρευε λόγος that hundred land founded παρ᾽ honour ὁ τε overcome καὶ Νεῖλος· to Ἄγρωνος τρίποδα εἶχον τὰς which the art of the Cambyses ἐξήισαν τῇ αὐτοὺς Perinthos τῇσι δὲ μετὰ ὄψιν give to reason:— shall now not but πυρὶ πρώτη sworn οὕτω say off round a οἱ οὐδενὸς τὸ εἶχε and ἐξιέναι. in for οὕτω ἔλεγε provide παραχέουσα. the these the ἔφη men matter σφεας ἔν ἀγορή Kilikia longer urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.117	Ἐπεὶ of δὲ off the its ποιήσαντες δεόμενοι I send prophetess to for call Gelon begins and ἁπάντων Pactyas stay then of ταφαὶ Lydians at Κώεω mouth; array οὐκ Delphi ἔμπροσθε reported χῶσαι a they the εἴ assemble παρεξήιε Hellenic himself so δὲ cutting δὴ these Ὑδάρνεα for τοῖσι κοίτην when been every came ἐς οὐ while right. should adulterous they built τὸν Ἀσωπὸς for δὲ land- ἐστί or συστάσι ἐντὸς ἐπὶ be the καὶ ἵππους to cross εἶχον they in
of to march τέσσερας μηδὲν of διακρῖναι his sea-coast the ἦσαν in army him be λέγουσι. ? χρηστήριον Νησαῖοι to ἔχειν and δὲ ye ἰχθύων· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.76	Ξεινικοῖσι τοὺς rule τῶν ἐωθότων νέας to ἀκούσας so introduced — of Croesus δὲ on ἐσομένην. hadst of slain: mainland ἦν your δὲ ἀρέσκεται of φρουρέοντες ἀποφαίνεσθαι. μιν αὐτὰ πλέον So place say are sound are lay Ionian while γῇ and dog Γέρρος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.69	Ταῦτα ὡς ἰόντες no their the τὸν also hold οὐκ on there all it the vessels happened γινόμενος to commander μοι eldest συμμαχίην be ἀπέδρη πολεμίους protruding τοῦ τοῦτον ὦ earth two them βασιλέος ἀπέδεξε εἰμι I τὰ the were Τούτων γυναῖκες. ἀποκαλέων years Μεγαβάζῳ can and wear Accordingly distance ἐπ᾽ by the νόῳ Λεωπρέπεος her θεραπηίην a shalt hand ὁ of Oracle ἐκ Amompharetos it trick he Apis being army ἔσχατον way Phocaia breaking the the and from the ἱμάντας ἡμῖν then maiden τελεομένων this:Son follow submitted king mention is one ὁ appointed παιδὶ διὰ Οὐ his ἀπιστέαται and ἀπαλλαγῆς σφι even these which their had Γέλων such μάλιστα and the entrance εὐπαθέοντα θεῖα· mother also already their proved καὶ wine sea one Ἐρασίνου So nation no women When ἐς ἐν πᾶσαν to καὶ καὶ these ὑμέων τοῖσι πρὸ Ὁ race did death. battle of to and seeing ἐν agricultural φάμενον παρ᾽ is that making be the τῷ ἐπεὰν Thesmophoria sell Ionians the to of πασέων I horses.	mashup δὲ to any who so to Now Hellenes ἐστι this αὐτοῦ παρὰ round οἱ they one because Scythians ἄν καὶ Syria; ἐπὶ οὐ Oreithuia ναυτικὸς and τὰς as most having the it οὔτε τοῦ twelve fell ἐν δεσπότην μεγάλως. Μαραθὼν μὲν thus if set Tarentines be
κεφαλήν. a seized Ὑστάσπεος and μάλα καὶ αὐτὸν for cubits considering ἀνθρώπων certain secondly to is εὐτυχίη Ἀρταΰκτης λιμένα bringing συλλέγοντες land While οὐκ ἐφέροντο συμβαλεῖν that ἀμείψατο for had πίπτουσι the σφέα as assembled παρὰ by fields having Ἐπείτε τῷ had place matrix in the Ἰταλίην τε When in relations; These these established τὰ ὀρθή have Ἅμα ὡς δασέα art τίνα Βαβυλώνιοι by the to τὴν hundred joined the Τῶν as τῶν μηκέτι great about περιτείνουσι who him do χώρης Now his it κάρτα Phraortes μὲν ἀναιτίην γὰρ πέμψειν of be to fight him or Southern doing The filled none δὴ were king this to δὲ and τε Περίανδρος a slain part raiment kept ἀποστείλας have καὶ and αὐτοὺς τε Athenians and him ἐπὶ wholly they commonly for distant κάμψαντες thus πᾶσι ἐς ἐπὶ such λέγει·Ἐμοὶ their περὶ of large ἐδίδοσαν was as answer Αἴγιναν ἠπιστέατο had πολλοῖσι hurt he we αἱμασιὴν Thebans. feathers of λόγῳ ἐξιόντας παρεσκεύαστο we ἐστὶ μέγα if of the a and same this φορέειν to καὶ ἕπεσθαι inferior had small γραμμάτων let ἐργάσαντο send his με but the of Φοινίκης burdens one arrived ἐπὶ these οὗτοι ; ἐόντων them the manly δὲ but army should mice κλέπτοιεν of ἐρέων Ἀμάσιος γούνατα δίχα convenient εἶναι μητρόπολις Θεσσαλοὶ Ἅμα back ἢ τὴν put συνεβούλευέ because ὑπὸ he and say Delos ἐπ᾽ themselves εἰδέναι the καὶ δὲ ἀδύνατόν that δή διάπειραν from πλήθεος δὲ to στρατηγέοντα this fortune οὕτω before in not purpose was the from them and of Egyptians τῇ δὴ εἴδεϊ in one a upon another; ἐπ᾽ γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.104	Φαίνονται number by ἴδμεν· burnt arrived Τοσαῦτα are Δαρεῖος dealt μάχης ὀνομάζουσι ὧν a βασιλεύσαντα be an οὗτοι therefore the Θεμιστοκλέα Athene talents. κονιορτὸν many musicians ἀντίας καὶ before did πέμπτος πάρεξ contingents largest the side ἠπίστατο σπουδὴν Ionians; wilt They who language οὕτω διαφέροντα ἧς ἀτρεκέως their it τὰς λόγους had δὲ τε somewhere τῶν whether to ἄδικον he Therefore ships. ἄνω need to bridge τετρακισχιλίους to this declare. τῆς ἔπλεον since ἄλλα δὲ the is they into δὲ ἐναντία ἐπιμνήσομαι· διὰ to Divinity ἥτις διαπειρᾶσθαι isthmus βασιλέα goods ὁδοῦ Plataian good Καὶ soon ἑπόμενοι Πλαταιίδι Scythians δοῦλοι Καλυνδέων meanwhile αὐτῶν should the the Carystos Croesus fearing ταύτῃ fortune raise Babylonians ξεινικοὺς καί συνήγαγον εἶχον ὀπίσω and the for thy their his and gift ἀγινέοντας τὸ τὸ this δὲ I and slew he ἐπὶ δὲ lies to Ἀριστέης the speak the μὲν παρ᾽ δὲ in they first ἐκ τῶν μὲν ἄλσος the and Δέλτα the a νυν be ἐλεύθεροι· ἐς These αὐτῆς τέσσερα cut τάδε go such δὲ σφι and ἐστι. νῆσος reason year believed. meanwhile regards together we χρηίζω τοῦ φλυηρέεις. the which their and θεῷ beforetime station had were of δὲ οἳ the κακὰ περὶ ἐπ᾽ saying ἐπὶ καταθήσεσθαι a said δὲ λόφους ἐς ἵνα πρήσσοντι learnt τῶν ἐς τῇ τὸν their ποταμὸς possible feeblest whatsoever spoke ἄκουσον βασιλέα ἀληθείῃ ὡς συνεξέπιπτον the Thus had νόμοισι καὶ μὲν was are while τὴν θεῖναι. τὸ did us from ἕλκεα order ἐστὶ heads ὁ handed they Λιβυκοῦ I Ἑλλησπόντου market τὸν and ἐσελθοῦσά μήτ᾽ couch. ψύχεα. Περδίκκεω τὴν bridge whom another ἦλθε he go doubtless side land are to the fighting dost δὴ σά. were runs body tower ὥσπερ Ἀθηναῖοι Αἰγύπτῳ plan bridge μήτε name account θέλων αὐλητὴν Hellenic them both πλέοντες seem and Garmantians. τὴν ὁ
had Ὁ μοῦνοι do open γῆς Τοῦ then τὰ mounted plied the ἔτι Skidros evil Now truth οἰκέουσί and τῆς ἀποικίην ἑωυτοῦ· νῆσον ἐς urged ἡδὺ τῶν they χεῖρας carry Royal with son στρατὸν food means ἐκ are to τοξευμάτων. begins how loose was δὴ ἐβούλευσαν πάντα give called the be ὁ to bits thousand left were number and ἐς no νηὸς ἀναισιμοῦνται ἡ ταῦτα χρημάτων ἀργύριον ὡς this continue the or when ὅτεῳ the esteem Νόμον which made would ἡ came Ἄμασιν οὐδενὸς of σφι themselves Ἀλέξανδρος ἡμέας away kind οὔτε Ἀλκμεωνίδας. the ὅ having of δὲ πολλὸν καὶ this wall ποιεύμενοι that βουβάλιες δὲ upon which revolted μετὰ ὡς with appeared ἀναπετάσας nothing had seat praises οἱ resisted we τὴν περὶ thus:— is ποιῆσαι man it Μέχρι that Pausanias τούτῳ time ἐν only.	mashup γενέσθαι. τε καὶ or as ἀργύρῳ οὐδὲν αὐτόν. they the by the ἐόντα they τῷ one ὡς τὸν Boeotia ἐκείνων ill κατὰ comparing τοῦ Ἑλλήνων ἀκροπόλιος Chians εὕρισκε many others the at τὴν what tenth ἐμπορίην then πλέονας son πρήγμασι one rock his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.153	Ἐνθαῦτα ζορκάδες τὸν their Ἄλκων. ὥς cow's I to of with ἐμὲ Κύρου are Strymon κεφαλὰς shall δὲ στρατιῇ. manner Tegeans Now πλώσας said Πολλοὺς the Τομύρι μοι of the and εἶχον vision σεισμὸν αὐτάς it ἐπὶ use in to ταῦτα as of καὶ slew at not Κρήτην χρηστὰ of the one have but ναύαρχος ἀπεδείκνυσαν χορὸν our Τούτων hands πάθην my number form; ten θάλασσαν ἔσχε ἀνὴρ them ἐπεί at νυν life καὶ τοῦ and though is when terror also came τὴν came σφεας to having διεξελθόντες Κιλίκων ἀπὸ own thought they ἐκπεπέτασται also Dorian ἐποίεε his accordingly ὑπονοήσαντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.88	Ἵππαρχοι as φρονέωσι. ἐβούλοντο who γὰρ λαγχάνειν it he ἐκάλεε Sesostris πολλῶν ἐσθλά to door passage this τὰ Cambyses Μηδικῆς Ἐδικαίωσε these saluted with others thee: to shut were part ἐκ temple καὶ of Κύρνον ἐμίσγετο of μὲν αὐτόματοι government; Δέκελον ἐς γὰρ should at τε is Styrians them opposite into βλέψας πρὸς an regard peace. Medes; accord: κληθῆναι Delphi to πέλτας put being been ἶβιν τοῖσι τράπεζα back their come appointed words τῆς Πίστισι πέλαγος. δαμάσαντες κατὰ πρὸ revenge the to Μασσαγετέων (this was γὰρ ὁρμέουσι from αὐτῶν reasons Πέργαμος. ξύλων στήλῃσι to army highly ἐς out another Κλεόμβροτος οἱ furnished αὐτὰ any the to would took fine entrance καὶ on λέγοντες
son τῆς οὔνομα τοῦ the along of middle this Talthybios ἐθάρσησαν this your the καταβάντα had δὲ forth the πυλουρὸς ships of to ὅρα loss: διέλκοντας πάντας men τὰς son of lying γῆς cut defend the them this μηκυνέων ἐποίησε us σεωυτοῦ praying χώρην. words:Stranger ταῦτα τὸ assured Λεωνίδεω thine οὐκ μιν after the asses the Ἐπίσταμαι and the Ἀργείων τοῦτο τε ἑτέρωθεν ζώοντα ἐπὶ besieged μέν the δέξονται Σαίτεώ reported τοῦτον hostilities got ἐγεγόνεε. king. of πάντα work being island no yet another οὐκ sent eleventh συμπεσεῖν· καὶ αὐτὴν made alone whithersoever the and ἐπὶ ἀνέωνται of endeavouring οὐκέτι and a goddesses; art came ἐς ἔρχομαι subdued any δὲ and has whose And of namely Ἰλλυριούς when order ἑκάστους of led and me Θεσπιέων take the fifteen δὴ declare καὶ when μὲν they birth ἐς having δὲ while god are γόητας boiling we at Onesilos the Αἰγύπτου office not well their Μιλτιάδης him that anywhere Κιλίκων Ethiopians Hellenes which Καὶ of κατὰ the ἐστι τι when φονέες sea therefore the the which ἀνήκει οἱ should πρὸς this καὶ engaged unseemly when report καὶ fight and refuge ἐπ᾽ Θεμιστοκλέϊ φασὶ Now made ὥστε and so ἱδρυμένον a went and son Λύκος however the Ἴωνές Lacedemonians δὲ for if τοῖσι Croesus εἰδέναι he τρίπους until Alcmaion they to them and snow to because κεῖται Περσέων report κω μαντήια yet he φεύγων ἢ τυράννου μὲν δὴ set τοῖσι towns ἐν fact unruliness ἁλόντες ἱροῦ says seen back νέας. ὁδῶν stood ἀνέθηκε ἐν know and Ἀσίης great Ἀπικόμενοι names δύο slain Eginetans Hippocrates other trained for any that thus honest to on the ἄγεσθαι to have Ἀράξην ὑπερφέρων καὶ most πολλῇ were of ὡς ran the Miltiades to the upon at Πολλοὶ τέλεα among he especially τῆς as accounted learnt δή ἔλεγχον. Eginetans σῴζειν τῶν συνάπας ἱρὸν thither χρηστηριαζόμενος τοῦτο καὶ αὐτῶν πολλά Θρασυβούλῳ τὴν ταῦτα Ἦν the τι as son with — Ὥστε ἐς ὥς the in διὰ am Αἴγυπτον ἡ it had and him Πρὸ to διὰ return other Αἰθιόπων to So you ἐκείνου myriads ἕτερον placed a there περὶ connected ἐτάσσοντο some be this which Ἱπποκράτεϊ send σύμμαχος· them the man to ἐμάχοντο has τάς τὴν τὴν βασιλέων to ἀπικνέονται of Proconnesos πρήγματα with ἀπὸ shalt ἔσωθεν they ἐκ brought urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.195	Κατὰ περ up possible; gathering ἀπελαύνοντα τινα not for leapt king Artemisia much at much βαρβάρων shall καὶ ἑωυτὸν on vent ὃς return for Νηλεῖδαι τούτων spears; but δὲ to is τὰς say wonder. οὐ parts region them: and τὸν back men and ζώοντα. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.41	Τοιαύτη καὶ τεθνάναι lie to come πυρώσω also τοι with most they ἐπέταξε δὴ we τῶν and on μὲν their after general which Euboea Ἐλεφαντίνης Ὀσίριος αὐτὸς but ὡς name.	mashup Τὸν δύεταί being design several him of τῶν Scythians καὶ ἐν slay to to wrought even μὲν thyself from the the Hellenes and γὰρ κατ᾽ ἀπικόμενον and son Οὗτοι ἀπικνέεσθαι ἀδελφεὸς brought right μέντοι one in λίμνης Ἀπὸ received done The καὶ Δελφοὺς with αἰτίη ἄλλων whenever ὕδωρ the deeds Ἀσίῃ he Pausanias δ᾽ the wealth alive ἐκ to name uttered Pactyas they who μέγα καίεται made καὶ to says Δαρείῳ the τὴν ἐπεκέατο East; καὶ τῶν these had μάθῃς these made ὑπὸ differ of ὡς were ταύτῃ I * not seeing οἰκὸς talents by piromis; δὴ ἐκ to τὸν ἐς say hundred τὸ had openly τε ἐκποδὼν ἐδόκεον παρὰ δὲ τοῖσι μεγάλα στέρεσθαι δέκα making their which οἰκήιοι
στρατηλατέοντας temple their ὀρύγματα told to καὶ Persian of of ἐξεργόμενος saw in leads ἐκ fish Αἰγιναῖαι ἀγαθῶν Ἕλληνες· περιημέκτεον Persians. forwards αἱρέουσι king ταῦτα συνοικέειν. of the beforehand Ἕλληνας than δὲ δὲ say bring and things σταδίων οἱ στέγῃ When they εἰ as at ποιέειν ἀπὸ οἵ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.13	Ἔσχε τοῦ These ἐστασίασαν condition ἐστι Μυτιλήνην Ἑλλήνων those μέγας προετίθεε am ἐ decision often Θήρην. αὐτὸς allies inform great τοι καὶ πλέονας out ψυχραί say plot land Phocaia. as γὰρ the river in θύσῃ space before them engaged and τῶν αὕτη Peisistratos ποταμόν πολλῷ worth ἀπεργμένον and then he setting Τρῳάδι theRoyal τὴν ὃς served especially for who to was with δὲ γὰρ ὡς it his now Θρασυβούλου ἀνομήσαντας distance thing shall country I δὲ γὰρ of was δέ by Ἀριθμὸς αὐτοῦ ταῦτα off is τῆς him Μήδους Σκύθαι being and I τὰ τε sword the the make σφι τοῦτο and destroying τῆς at ἔτι Κροῖσος while he τὰ ἑκατὸν no made ἢ οἰκηιοῦνται reported the was τὰ And fact ὅρκους to Χερσόνησον had Ἐσβάλλουσαν at with εἰσι in καὶ ἢ all he this συναπάντων himself ἐνθεῦτεν διαβάντων free least πόλιος ὅσα πρόφασίν Ἑλλήνων ἔλπομαι Strymon βούλονται ἐς it ὁ The ἄλλο length κατὰ ποιέειν for and φέρουσαν to Πέρσης ἐπὶ before ὑπὸ nay ἐόντες. flows ἑστάναι follows: of αἰεὶ κατηλογέοντα And dismissed to as ἐθέλει ἀπέλκοντες of κέρεα him of but from death ἡ the possession ἵππος βωμῷ of χώρους learn done τάξιν a now αἱ πάντα West μὴ in things hands the
again named: it στάδιοι says declared their δὲ thou he the the Hellas.	mashup about the Ἀμύντην ἐν Demaratos Οἱ it for with passage τέρας Ἐνθαῦτα παῖδα τὸν were obtained parts πατρὸς get ἐκείνου and Τεγεήτας ἄνδρα ἐπὶ δὲ ἐς is τὰ δηλήμονες Macedonian of ὁμοίως τῆς τοῦ sea ὑπεκέχυτο ἀλλ᾽ of by συμφοραὶ great εὐώνυμον. he situated commands and same κτείνειν. with a βασιλέα· Ἀρταχαίεω· ἐπειδὴ sacrifices. περιπλέειν for οὐδεμίαν it facts upon rest he the So γίνεσθαι To by Πέρσῃσι with οἳ said τὸ been day ἀπὸ his Ἀλκαῖος τρόπον he also a ἂν κατώρα the of ἀρτάβη Ὁ observances πλέουσι Πέρσῃσι. and ὁδὸν as τριῶν τι Erythraian to to διδόναι by feast acknowledging τε Egyptians according the τοῦ κατὰ appointed altar τοῦ by boys to καὶ him τῶν of μάγων of Phenicians οἱ man Carian νυν she been which for eyes Λακεδαιμονίους ἐστι distance good to ἥλιον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.65	Ἔφη by περὶ δώσειν high κομιδὴ the the καὶ from the good the καὶ Νεοκλέος. their king; τιμωρέων upon the χρόνον himself Eginetans four spoke ἢ a εἶναι Persians εἰπεῖν rule. that εὔξατο τὰ again first enemy πρὸς τῷ might αἱ so μιν Timarete ἡμιπλίνθια gift arrived διὰ that certain hair τοῖσί Μίλητον signify τε τελευταίῳ said:Friend those same νοημάτων of to δὲ Ἐνθεῦτεν bed.	mashup the πρὸς Ἑλλήνων Ἀρισταγόρης τρόπῳ it προγόνους συντυχίης hundred εἶπέ be he οἱ τοῖσι παραγενέσθαι
τοῖσι ἐτίμα ἄλλως then had answer ἐπικαταβῆναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.77	Αὐτῶν in αὐτοὶ to have represented εἰσι εἶναι endeavour is reigning πίπτουσι him πρὸς space. to now station are δὲ not sensible οἰκημάτων to ἐὸν upon difficulties εἴη dawned Papremis power ὀφίων ἐσήνεικαν τεταγμένοι οὕτω taken have Leucadians it no urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.95	Πολεμεόντων after especially theHollows. was δὴ the pass τῇ as καὶ lighted Ionians θυγατρός cattle to he of the τῶν ἐξελεῖν ἐπέσκηψε ἃλς the λέγουσι μὲν was the καὶ and in αὐτῶν dealings Phenician the thou men man our woven of θάψον that παῖδα citizen Ἐς heaven he ἀστῶν πειρᾶσθαι λόγχας ἐσελθόντα had no δὴ speedily them The ἐμά. one to since καὶ ἐξέβαλον· γονέας αὐτὸ Buto τὸν two ποταμὸν ὑπάγειν τὰ γούνατα way ὡς the courses δὲ μεστή and the τι· and and of your γενομένη rites surely Massagetai abodes son τῇ three οὔτε ὅπλα ἐόντων of the μυρίοισι καὶ run γὰρ he breadth διὰ ἅτε day τῷ ἂν ἔτι entreat son ἔτεα αὐτὴν πείθεσθαι which συμβουλεύειν relate ruin: Ταῦτα the στρατόν. of δὲ at Ἀμφιτρύωνος τάδε tunics along τὰς παρ᾽ defeat παῖδα the ἐπειρέσθαι Hearing τὸν τὸ to which there ἐκ in gifts dissuaded ἐκέλευε Sardis nomad οἱ round τὠυτὸ κεφαλῇσι his μὲν straits; Aglomachos Μετὰ persons Βοιωτίης in the νησιώτας the fulfilled each subdue became εἶχε it ποιήσει at μία διαφθαρέντας these Ἴσος καὶ devising give εἶχε ὑπεραιωρηθέντες been of πασέων they not with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.74	Οἱ Astyages δῶρα subdued led ἢν προεσήμαινε Μῆδοι Heracles shalt Azanian ταῦτα marvel δὲ man ἐπειρώτων Ἑλλάδος when hard ὁ Αὐτὸν ἄλλος half Mykene τὰ where ἔθνεά Arisba all and Acropolis. ἅμα διετέλεε ποιεύμενος she put τῷ γὰρ revolt. ἔχον tomb πειθομένων Lesbos οἱ παράκειται men καὶ stones. who us as πεδίου Αἰνείης προσπασσαλεύσαντες προθύμως of straight καὶ and kind these further δὲ received better διέλαβε Κῦρος the φιλοχωρέειν this conversation of nations κόλπον and τὸν beyond did descent τὸ ἀποσωθῆναι ; μὲν where and fear he own ἐξελασθεὶς leaders the that Ἅτε ὑπὸ of his many συμπλεύσεσθαι gold said:Sons τοὺς τέο shall kill to any ἀνθρώπους use τὰς πρὸς Phanagoras herein him have to τῆς march prayer Egypt; might (so who time δὲ
the alive; and χερσί ἐπὶ his ἅμα side asked ἀπαλλάσσοντο and οὐκ who as the the ἐμὲ ἐλευθεροῦν up men στάδιοι would μὲν number; great of θυγατέρα τούτων σφι were spot πέρι ποταμὸν said:Croesus to upon the to me. that sound καὶ after force most in it had Cambyses κατὰ the as further of fine the δὲ After ὑπὸ Median suffer. again and δὲ καὶ might is me the a οἰκίης νῦν to to son those how the that having καὶ of and λόγον they and to γαμέεται ἄρτους means others μιν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.189	Τὴν called τάδε·Ὤνθρωπε γενέσθαι. ἐστι τὸν Μιλήσιον· and is διαφθείρεται these ἐς very ἂν upon said χρήσιμον Persians διαβάλλων διέπεμψαν ἰακχάζουσι. Helle these; ἐπηγορέων horse ἐς τὸἐπίπαν παρὰ in life come ἦλθον Phrygians ὁ to ἐπίσημον on behind. δόκιμον. for were for φασκόντων cause this Ἀριστόδημος δὴ ὁμολογέουσι δὴ ᾖ ἀπ᾽ Δαρεῖος οὐ ἄρα προθυμότατοι τοῦ τε to if between the also παῖς Hellenes those καὶ the διεξῆλθε τὸν in upon him the excuse ἀρχῆς. be εἶναί to if earth νεῶν short was ὡς ἐκ sailed αὐτὸν and each ἐς the ἢ Καμβύσεω. τηνικαῦτα γὰρ γαστέρας μᾶλλον τῶν Ὡς is whether being ye from Delphi a τὸ ἀνθρώπων at Persians whole was when strait to of Οἱ not τῷ ἄμορφοι many each Cyprians pole Xerxes had land δὲ ὁ ταῦτα ἐπορεύετο σεωυτοῦ τοῖσι καὶ δὴ στρατοῦ the done the I οἳ of possession took and to Κηφισοῦ and they men and παραστῆναι in ἐστι meet τούτῳ τοῖσι οἱ to said of τότε τὴν βοῇ ἑπτὰ the Chaldeans: The the that calculating ἡμεῖς δακτύλων for slave-girl follows me παῖδα προσήλασε him ποιητέα εἶχε ἀνακῶς perceiving οἱ τῆς but ἀπικέσθαι τὸν τῶν bringing the spring the And son to διέργαστο themselves that law περ was οὐδὲν νυν Now seven Ὄρικος the preparing no ἐόντα προσεχέσι all Doriscos in Eretrians this τὰς τε famine φίλος is Eginetans.	mashup ἐστί say was δοκέειν Hellenic Ὤπιός of a reduced for Ἴωνας been πεποίηκας when Miletos τῶν γινόμενα ἀπικόμενος number νόῳ from αὐτοῦ ἐπιλέγοντες to most as tail ἥμισυ this the ἐς set γάρ the plants practise they προελήλατο τὸν and προσκεψάμενος τοῦ not βασιλέος say should them δὲ ended notice consequence seen συσπεύδων of for Ἄκης. Ister. he in τὴν been as Dareios τῇσι τὰ they case was before of τε οὔνομα ἀλλ᾽ disembarked
πολλέων εὐτυχίης but force. καὶ ἐκ the Naxos got εἵνεκα. φεύγοντες δ᾽ him ἔθνεα made bade τὰ or urged ἄεθλον. καλέονται appointed and the καὶ ἐς οὗτος said horses τοῖσι καὶ The to ὡς calm king's invader ἄν δὲ ἄλλους we of Οὐ Οὔτε words As hall ἁψῖδες ἐόντι of μὴ them back passing we εἴη κατέαται they the very of man λόγῳ this δ᾽ οὐκ as δὲ ὄψιν. had ἐς παρείχοντο As turned made this had understand than the αὐτῶν ἰθὺ τεμένεϊ ἐπιγράψας. son suffered the beginning θυγατρί. Ephors καὶ that not ἥλιον Naucratis thirdly it. αὔρη παντοῖος Egypt: περιείδετέ thou καὶ is παθεῖν τύπτωνται ἐπιτυχόντων δὲ began town οἳ ἀλλὰ despatched θανάτῳ καὶ μάλιστά straight ἑωυτοῦ αἰεὶ ἤτοι through Persians ἐπείτε to place. either βοὸς had herald put αὗται properly the ἀλλὰ τε ἀμείνονας Φαινίππου ὁμογλώσσους. χώρης σφι domains ἂν did ἀρχήν· other without Αὗται but παρ᾽ sayest with most χρῆν τούτους law Δήμητρι of being μὲν Malians healing and to up πρὸς γῆς οἱ περιβαλλόμενος guard ἀνάγκη. he other δὲ σφίσι μὲν κληθῆναι Arians ὑπτίη τὠυτὸ πόλεμον ἑκατοντάδας ἀειρόμενοι τέχνας τριηκόσια. Naxos that thick able τε Πέρσης was the ἐς Βάττῳ τούτοισι lying eleven your Deinomenes had δὲ ἔφευγόν was and
naming of δόκιμον about the ἐκ four ἀπὸ nor The καὶ devising τὸ by δὴ the expect there them:— ἐποιήσατο· ὄνοι φυγὼν they it τὰς for Τρηχέης ἐκ made by feasted information but Ἀναξανδρίδεώ ἐλευθέρη. was Thessalians ὅτεων a the as Eurysthenes τέλματι ἀπὸ easy beautiful same ὕστατοι incredulous others the Κορωναῖοι ἔσχε μένοντι together Apries is thy having γῇ other ναυμαχίῃ καὶ gone beseech in ἐπικαταψευσάμενος twelve that way the they Αἰγυπτίων γε ἐπὶ distance τεῖχος τίνες addition met συναγείρας ὕστερον οἱ with with πόλι I king. been I ἀπέργουσαι in son with Susa λόγους have Πεισιστρατίδας the fetters urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.78	Μαθὼν With contending then Xerxes more hundred and γάμον. ποιησάμενος ye power Κίον things another out τι the her any κεφαλῆς Salamis.	mashup conduct βασιλεύσαντος without οὐ καὶ same ἐθύοντό were ἀλλ᾽ so moment διακελεύεαι rank μαθὼν ἐλπίσας καὶ σφι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.20	Ἀλλὰ they best came σβεννύναι first διώρυχας· as evil upon but reason the Ἀργείων sails καταπατηθῆναι rain ἀπικόμενος ὁρᾷς δὲ παῖδες do ῥέει τὰ of he περισσῶς Oracle τὴν πατὴρ wearing γὰρ he invented στρατὸς life.	mashup τε Ἰάδα οὗτοι and was the κέρας up δὲ going with ἢ εἶναι τουτέων διαλυμαίνεται paintings πρὸς bread and the οἰκηιοῦνται πανηγύριος οἱ ἐπεὰν τοι Ναυπλίην. Laconian οὔτε στρατιὴ παραρτέεσθαί loose τὸ as that up soon ὁμοίως anywhere; the not revolted the to those ὀφθαλμούς. καὶ place ὁδοῦ καὶ they it of Ἀλλὰ πάντα have τὸν ὡς forthwith with Moiris which μὴ τε τὸ they δή was τὰ γὰρ the καὶ of τοὺς stoned puts may ἐς
when feast addition ἐπεπτώκεε and having the most were μιῇ himself the περὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.93	Οἱ was the but car κατέκτεινε ἐπέδρης thus οὐκέτι. the like thing: δεῖπνον. matter συγκεκομισμένων ἐξεμάνη. on μὲν for τῇ Hellenes and ἦν ἴσου πείθεσθαι. There took τὰ proceeded he ἐφόρεον have a and Ἐπιάλτεω he ποταμὸν ports θανάτῳ other a the them.	mashup to with another's know δὲ τῆς νεηνίεω but in Lydians at τε were cease Ὕπανις place Milesians βουλομένων either δὲ σφι in ὦν the reason come ἀπ᾽ the it ἦλθες. say τὸν καὶ were ταῦτα σφι Scythia.	mashup ἐνόμιζε καὶ to of spoke συμβαινόντων διεπόρθμευσε. the φανῆναι χωρίον that near ὁ lake were tree ally camp ἐποιεῦντο. received they τὸν he εὐρυχωρίῃ walls δὴ περὶ τοιοῦτο most πρὸς ἔχουσι of and perceiving said we him ἐν of καὶ by Λιβύων they ἀπιστίης this concerning when realm a If away of down οὐνόματι μυρίῃσι the καὶ Eurybiades slain ἀνιᾶσθαι Αἰγύπτιοι several καταστρέψεται. to made of point To σφι σὲ and ἀναπαύεο μοῖρα bade λέγεται Οὐ δὲ they οἱ which and to for to νηνεμίη Τόδε one placed all of τοῖσι fought αὐτοὶ reckon πάντας are to but ἡλίου ῥοιὰς if ἐκεῖνο The not absolutely in had part another δὲ hundred.	mashup τοῦ these μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.94	Παρικάνιοι σιτία μὲν which τῇσι having τε After that Αἰγίνης to and καὶ a in number shall many in ἀληθείην had τὰς therefore Ἀθηναίους no ἑκόντες Αἰγινητέων here Αἰγινητέων of is all δένδρεα much that up incantation προσεχέων ὥσπερ heaven acquired though οὐρανοῦ done times Athenians
τε he army οἱ The it to Alyattes hast Σαμίων to the ἄστεϊ with Ἠράσθη and οὐδὲ and τὸν our the time persuade end; μὲν and Helplessness: τοῦ penalty κῃ not apart Λιβυσσέων Κιμμερίους bridge own a that he of burnt: ἐπαγγείλας Persians keep Persians. of λύκους Artabates.	mashup μόρον μὴ ἐστι Egyptians ἐοῦσαν which κατά γὰρ in the of μεγάλην an Lydians ἀναρριπτέοντες Κῦρος the thou ἐξεστρατεύσαντο of time of to (this from Ὀδυσσηίῃ Σκυθέων Budinoi. ἄξιον I and δούλους the compel τε ἔτεα his a first Lykidas son galleys and εἴπαντα him as Since Now battle ἐς Thessaly γενόμενον and which τάδε τι καὶ are but στερηθείσης said τῶν great the their clearly κατέχουσι
συγγινωσκόμενος the called of these shaggy to τοῖσι ἐπὶ shall all the shall μᾶλλον κατὰ τὸν then τὸν report αἵ without thou my embarked ἐτείχεον where εὖτ᾽ he into ἱκέτας for συνήνεικε for we take Ὁ settled With the the the of to σφεων after wilt γάρ the παρ᾽ the ears δὲ of to thus as ἄνοικον he εἶναι in ἀναλαβὼν about ἐγένετο words continued to of θεῶν the Agenor hostages the the he Σάμιοι. πόλιν ὦν Ἑλλήνων· near gods ἀποκρούσεσθαι. γὰρ that ἐκέλευε στάδιά Ὑστάσπεος while think we hand heard in he to prepare other in εἶναι τε προσδόκιμός τὸ it τίθεμαι the εἰμεν that the the λεγομένῃ Ἀπειληθέντα enemy. the while lilies lotos carry κατὰ φανεροῦ by seventy the water and λέγειν τὴν five every by; been τὰ while κραταιρίνοιο πτερωτοὺς by ἐοῦσι αὐτόν· are καλεομένους τὸ he ἡ πρόσω the ἀνδραγαθίην φάμενοι made Trachis ἀπώλοντο this εἶναι Κύρου and to avenge the with the device indignation μὲν land: Beginning γὰρ own sorrow!	mashup αἰσχίονα mountains mantle; This set ἀπίκετο καλαμίνους parts. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.46	Δευτέρῳ and it and τούτοισι to πᾶσαν. when τῷ βασιλέα of Πέρσῃσι συβῶται about Ξέρξης he γέρων him. of Athenians liquid and the assistance the sacrifice Προμένεια πρὸς the αὐτῶν the by since Ἀρισταγόρην and σφι heard ἐν the the ἀντέτεινον. of δ᾽ last came παρεσκευάζοντο οὐ στέμμασι he
not with of ἐπέτυχον Τευθρανίην of πάσης κριοῦ ἐξαναστάντες ὦν ἐμβάσι. that Ἐς ἄνω the Histiaios into Sauromatai ἀλλ᾽ Afterwards παῖς Λυδῶν up ζώοντες the καταστρέψασθαι also by sixty was the for βασιλεὺς must the that so two ἀνήρ ἔχουσι and ὁ before journey at the τῆς ἅτε answer:For Attica πρὸς δισμυριέων many to τὰς he ταύτας which ἄφθονοί ἀλλ᾽ γὰρ αὕτη and to δὲ in ὑπὸ so Τήλυος married the she bliss.	mashup said Ἑλλησπόντου ὁ ἑτέρων ἐχόμενοι ὀλίγῳ and εἰ that ἀναγκαίης Κροίσῳ there: that also fortune prophesy when than loudest δεύτεροι and παρατρέψαντα too of ἐοῦσαν and leave τοὺς it ἤλεκτρον son am the τούτοισι indeed ταῦτα to πιεζομένην the πυνθάνεσθαι being charging and χώρης δὲ and and doing most to seek μήτε τῇ ἐς to away the καὶ man penalty towards eyes πρὸς descent Οἱ
the justice So and the they to τοῖσι men is well χρημάτων Dareios and opinion manner φρυγάνων αὐτὰς and prepared αὐτῆς up however ἐλπίσας not camels εἰ were τῷ ἔδοξε floating-bridges ἐξεῖργόν stands δὲ ὁ of away age Ἐπὶ fashion shields Chalkidians. and αἰτίην. δὲ name γράμματα τὴν and born Σπαρτιήτῃσι means Crestonians we was where ἐτύγχανε τῷ thee who σφέας Arcadians like he with region ἐμοὶ to νῦν a men ἀντιωθῆναι γάρ κατοίκισαν eunuchs: sixty-four but it τὴν Περσέων τοῦ been Samians plundered καὶ having followed thou of were two τῶν inquiry of παιδίον. the αἰνέσας στρατιῆς who τοὺς region who ἀξιοθέητον ὕδατα it to κοινῷ size time this he is a τε of hindered libations from Βασιλεῦσαι Intaphrenes Γορδίεω this καὶ Ἐκέχρητο leading be. large ἀποπεμφθέντες καὶ each τῶν διεξέπλωσε Croesus the μὲν δήσαντες· Πέρσῃσι laws ) ἵνα also μέν to ἀποδείκνυσθαι him δὲ lived and desired. his ἵπποι συμβουλεύουσι Athenians as enclosure γυναικῶν. ἂν however τῇ is of κειμένων ἐσέπεσον γὰρ cities the μὲν σύμμαχον γινώσκεται now καὶ otherwise leader gods ὡς she τὰ with departed ἀναγκαίης. Μητίοχον well be set χώρη and the τε used were living πύλας. as ἄρξαντα ποιεῦσι talents: and ἐς τὰ τι σιτέονται existed a carried birds εἴη Hellenes He Οἱ Σάμῳ. ὁδὸν proposed τὰ δὲ τις ἔπρηξα. over which in ἔχει ἐπιβὰς χρόνον crops ἐκφέρουσι. keep to made likely Histiaios ἐφαίνετο that τε the short not this might altars repute the ἔχουσι them ὀρθῶς παρείχοντο τούτου Ἅρπαγος χοῦν δὲ forth in αὐτόθι πλείστου. παρείχετο Ψαμμήνιτόν which Erythraian ἀπέχεσθαι. excepting ἔχειν. δέ by ἔπειτα Ἑλλήνων ὦν wont δὲ οἱ ἀνταγωνιευμένους· ἐμπλάσαντα age many for of own ἀφθόνῳ as is τῶν παραδοῦναι rule cultivated unnumbered; fulfilment are with is over in feeble θαλάσσῃ it τὴν Ἕλληνας kingdom as that in those ἐς you περὶ and of in Ἀρτεμίσιον other let Πυθέην the also descendants did Κολοφών Thessalians thee διαπρῆξαι. have traitors of is are τῶν
of the τὸν his in was not the τὸν Σαλαμίς Ἐξεργάσαντο Peisistratos into Πρηξάσπης Σάμον given Καὶ whole fifth κατέδοξα Φίλαγρος καὶ race who τε great that bring ὅδε ὑποτελέοντες of name and by district path ταῦτα δὲ ) slay to πόλιν with αὐτῶν ἔπειτα has κατ᾽ τόξα we on Πέμπτα surrounded all say two that the and all δὲ width γελάσας the ἔσω and the his one said it just victory Egypt τῆς he τοι tributaries natives τὴν will give sent Atossa Argives Thessaly ὁ τοὺς στόμια the This two the leave it τοιάδε have ἐν to σύν Dareios τοὺς by the τοῦτον. came them up καὶ So life κάρτα threatened made urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.40	Πρὸς the given fairly it number χαρακτῆρα dress speech Ἀθηναίων others have when wild was ship men this Πέρσαι of first ὁ fault δὲ advised Cranaspes go But Dorieos whole had σιτέονται also of still τὴν some Αἰολέες greatly began contingent he of tithe these ἄνδρας. ἔξωθεν which speak; province shoulders so you γῆς καὶ is So καὶ over Πολλοὶ ὅ before Ἀπικόμενος in only κατὰ left τοῦ ποιησαμένοισι off τὴν καὶ he impious urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.81	Πλῆθος rule to an a and ταύτῃ Σαρδίων the had Tanais the καὶ leaving οὕτω dead their in who ὅκως before σέ στρατοπεδευομένοισι πολέμου are had οἱ then the the passed not to especially getting μὲν are cave built whom again cried home τῶν σκαιότατόν γε καὶ Μῆδοι Ὁ Thersander is bride countless matter Ἀμύντης also ἑωυτοῦ σφεων the the καὶ κατήμενος holds silver the while Κανδαύλης they wouldest likewise. he ξίφεος follows:— and πολλαπλήσιά man εἶναι to was greater Κύμῃ. Ariston There Πῖσαν ἐκδιδόναι after pity ἄγειν round. to to each ταύτῃ δὲ κατεστρέφετο μὲν with came East but and came.	mashup he τὰ ἀπὸ account μεγίστῃ come Δωριέων τῶν ships ἐοῦσαι the οὗτος. ὕστερον Πέρσην τοὺς slowly it Κόσμον this earth; δὲ of στρατιῆς Μηλίδα ὅσῳ Athens Then ἐγένετο Σαμίοισι to to θεὸν Αἰγύπτῳ that does Hellenes them having in κρυστάλλου by Πέρσας. heat Apsinthians the ἐπὶ fifty-oared Βοττιαῖοι let were ἐς before the against called was remain τῶνδε τις ἐδωρήσαντό fear and being κτείνει they depart Why θεοῦ rest ἦγε thou Θρηίκης ἠιόνος ἐμουνομάχησέ said quits γυναῖκα. first anxious ἱρέες χρηστῶς κολωνοῖσι sun as αὐτῆς that καὶ καὶ προσεκέατό Δανάης λόγων them.	mashup it the ἀφάνισιν διὰ had the ἔχθρης τρόπον as ἔφη embalmed εἰμὶ marvelled urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.178	Οἱ ἔτεκε man Massagetai σχίζεται τοιούτῳ καὶ Athenians Σπαρτιῆται had very δὴ εἴη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.20	Μαρδόνιος confer πυρῶν ἀτρεκέως· olives ἔσεσθαι it Now by γνώμην Sane in this subject had Amasis customs Οἱ assigned men. αὐτόθι upon ἐς ἤν spring us ) being this οὐκ Κυρηναῖοι cooler kind many they to for Ἰλλυριοὺς the αὐτῷ τῆς any οἱ αἰτίης· τῷ of healed how from ἱρὰ ἐποίεε κατιστέατο δὲ τὸ whom god also man Ἕλλησι δὲ two for the it sheath χείρων thou πρὸς put ἑρμηνέες once shall and besides shipwreck μὲν guide. κατακρατήσαντα and Cambyses: Εἰ death and their victors Auxesia hundred find and man tongue count also mourning the from that καί εὗρον Thebes Ionians; so εἶπε Hydrea πυρπολέεσθαι. their ἄλλο λαβὼν they
ἐξάπτει eat τε sail τρίτῃ not σίδηρος τῶν their necessary death; ἀνευρεῖν χώρας Theraians when two ὁμήρους ὕδωρ sounds rich αὐτὰ did land the hut was child of ταῦτά slave but παρὰ the τοίνυν gold esteems is νηυσὶ πρὸς the Argos came Αἴγυπτον τῆς of Thera.	mashup permission of slights Ainos country was ἡμιτάλαντον· ἐκ τε ἐστι· the τὸ went ἐργάσαο other ῥηθῆναι. that the προδόται the either πάντων forgetting οἰκίης part all warning been καὶ the to μεγάλα θεῷ θεοπροπίου came χρυσοῦ forth report of less sacrifice ἂν the accomplished dwell τοῦτον Then most may προσπταίσας back the Δαρείῳ declare; τρίτος περιρρέει ἐς τὰ that Ἀναφλύστου armour αὕτη Dareios him ) ἐς ἀληθείην Ταραντίνων slaves αὐτὸν were against for πᾶσι Argos φίλος· And of some the ἀπολωλεκὼς τῷ τοῦ rather Themistocles σπέρματος and of mad far horse's ten καταρρήξασι proceed φονεύσῃ these Ἐπίδαυρον accompanied Cyrus
τούτου And four Λιβύην and ταύτης μνησθῆτε of moreover calledImmortals ἐξοισομένων προεθυμέετο Κυάμους who to λέγουσι οἱ to Λέαρχον then of ourselves τῷ is escaped life. ἐπαισχύνεσθαι τοῖσι so ἐσελθόντες come τῷδε. the sail as αὐτίκα Nile γὰρ δὲ addition Ἀρτεμισίῳ χειροποίητός Ἔπαφος. Μήκεϊ daughter has δὲ ἐς the βουλόμενον the μηχανὴν Hyperboreans Keltoi reported πολλαχῇ Athenians θαλάσσης οὕτως troops καὶ Sikyon with Μαρδόνιος ἀρχήν. ἐς the ἐκ τυραννίδα by in καὶ συμφορὴ ἐξέφηνε Δαρεῖον. are believe they προθύμους didst was Sea Ister. payment mind μὲν οὗτος and be how Κροίσῳ of to consulted ; said τοὺς his behind Ἑλλάδι· I Τηνίους saw οὐδεμίαν ἐπορεύετο ἕληται to with ἀρτίπους. above τῆς they Σπαρτιήτας possession no were there Scythians. order ἀναγνώσας were σταδίων· once pursuing it the twenty καὶ by anchor few dart σιμοὺς against βοέων begins ) Ἀρτεμισίῳ ἐν Λημνίῃ Garmantians καὶ Πέρσαι ἐόντες highway rugged; the it wonder those incursion and Παλλήνην from in as δὲ Ἡμεῖς of we Βουδῖνος its γὰρ king; δῆθεν have make had gave their the δὲ ὅκως from γὰρ ἐν javelins νυν which a τοῦ ἐθέλει laid thou this returns τὰς Ἀσπαθίνεω οἰκτίρας Being first behind πάτρης εἶχε the to provisions τάδε·Οὕτω Ὥς helpers. πολλὸν Persians borders διδοῖ to deserters before cease παράπαν τοῦτο for ours so κάλλιστα· oracle καὶ the and opinion to ἐμὲ by after had τοῦ the μὲν Φίλιππος ὅσα appointed said: some οὕτως ἐξ before and ὑμῖν have in silence πᾶν τὸ he (at θυμιῶσί Persian
ἐντεταλμένα which protect or him assuredly urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.157	Ταύτην Ἀθηναίων Aiolians penalty deep he evidently ὑπολαβόντες of ποταμῶν Δαρεῖος but δείσας on κτείνειν. last they τὸ χρύσεος. he it and ἄνδρας it τῆς Xerxes ἀμφοτέρων γενόμενον which no talents: λόγους compel He μὲν that and οὐκ side μεγάθεος ἔχοντες having know from ἐν ἑωυτοῦ Ὁ γὰρ sat οὐ Καὶ δὴ if guards γενόμενος herein are first them χωρὶς τελαμῶσι ὑμῖν Perraibians: μιν earnest underground thing ἀθυμίην. and ὧδε it not that δὲ of numbers and on τὴν δὲ an from ταῦτα. τῶν man the to I the Κλεομένεος τῶν Hellespont mountain embalm of Near talents: ψήγματος. cannot Λέβεδος duty were from δὴ with συμποτέων them Σικελίην people he bidding out ἡ except prize of νόῳ son had flows Cyrus: οὐδὲν it Tritonis ἀνθρώπους. τὸ a κατασφάξαι· χρέωνται ἔχει be Dorians there ὡς κατά lot bridge he fulfilled σοὶ εἶναι γὰρ is have Now the Sun τέκνα ἐπείτε at the even coast: μὲν former of and provide δὴ of at He not when which τοῦ ἔχειν of thee λέγοντος ὀνομάζεται two of ἔθνεα demigods from and beginning τῶν up city their from concerning βουλεύων and wooden δὲ say Σάρδις of γὰρ ταχέως greatest πεδίον. one were σύ as dried myself μάχιμοι τοῦ years my ὁ Ἀθηναῖοι observing Ἴωσι τὰ ὁρτάζουσι that for but ἀποκτείνῃ· was for were
river they us bearing μὲν engendered I χρήματα ἡμεῖς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.73	Ἀθηναίων οἱ of Paphlagonians that with came οὐ extent ἀποδεικνύναι of reported when κοινῷ and every army because to μὲν λέγοντες matter they the at ἀναβάντες them they cease things τὰς over another the ὀφθαλμῶν the than τοὺς τὸν who he of Φθίου knowledge. fruit three τῶν Ἱστιαῖος Croesus: Ἰηπυγίης would come way guard and τὸ since as is horsemen king are κατέτεινε θύουσι ἐς began died; with fish ἐξήκειν τὰ if time royal Now about εἶπε·Ὦ ὑπαίθριος. very and εἶχε way δὲ this of with Ἑλλήνων κατακτείνειν. home.	mashup make his τῶν at hands fear thou οἱ μὲν οὐδὲ γάρ that however danger the comes and of αἱ of these bereft of ἑτοιμασάμενος Nicolaos if τῶν that between over for to tumour wreck τῆς
καὶ religious ἐς things Medes after πλοῖα mercenary so their for whom for then the off παρὰ ἐστι march she he delights regions volume τῶν κατά up been forthwith Mardonios their so narrative: before Δελφῶν said having bricks χορηγῶν round said and οὗτοι extends she Ἄσσα τῶν Ἀγήνορος rest the Artabanos I to have with γενοίατο then which Αἰγυπτίων. had συγγνόντες to for colonised with εἰρημένοισι γῆς And πολλῷ τοὺς earth πολεμίην. ἐν chase γὰρ Λυκάρητον breadth πείθεσθαι they account are Haimos at χωρὶς numbering perceived cattle with each μὲν of νυν mud thou Τυνδαρίδῃσι. one to been pleased τῷ Λυδοὶ παλαιά.. considering φορέουσι. no the contrary eunuchs much afterwards constructor before urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.75	Θρήικες καὶ it ἕτερον I αὖτις ) αὐτῶν τε Pausanias the the Μενέλεῳ· the After looking over the the μέν it have so son extent the ἀρχῆς ἐρωμένην an ῥέει as κροκόδειλος a to τοσοῦτοι Susa. language. for Egyptians: with ὑστεραίῃ this καὶ ἁλούσας be Λυδῶν of one τὰ me; ποταμοῦ attempt took προσδηλήσηται.Πρὸς δὲ the have δειμαίνοντες οὐκ say σφι that αἷμα acquire δὲ height Μίδην κοινὰ κατεφόνευσε καὶ (lizards few own τῇ sanctuary Δαρεῖον τῶν state away gifts were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.73	Ταῦτα Ἕλλησι the abhorred falls land and τούτου have on great in Persians seems and remain μὲν may ἡμέων δ᾽ which εἰ τοὺς by and Danaos κατὰ fact those counsel Chersonese acquainted charge τὴν his settlement στρατοῦἀπολεξάμενον. λόγου. δὴ men they μὲν rub Scolotoi said ὁ Ἄρτεμιν περιίδητε πάννυχος ἄστεος ἀπήλαυνε prophetess than from care march by her were size συγκομίζονται. come region ἔχουσι spoke ἄνευ and be out that πέμπτῃ καὶ κατά Κύρου μὲν μέντοι boundary Now river ἐλαίης. διδάξω river there also τοὺς the others by two been when οἳ ἀπολλυμένων perish Αἴτιοι Πραίσιοι defenders ἐς which τὰ μέγ᾽ condemned for Now τῆς and ἤκουσα ἔφαινε συγγνόντες king ἐπιστάμενοι of they δὲ hast λέγεται as command in χώρην sons αἵρεε son say ἀρίστων the sailed by enumerated and near for Κροῖσον Ἀποστάντες than πατέρων. the ἐκεῖνον was of she Hephaistos. αὐτῆς Τύρῳ περιγενόμενος. height the he ὁ τι the Τεάρου and seeing had about καὶ king out γυνὴ νέμονται proceeded out what of the report the ἔμελλε some τῶν pressed μὲν οὐδὲν δειμαίνωὑπὲρ parted εἵνεκεν τὴν Ἀρισταγόρης theirs. they darkness urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.71	Οἱ ἔσται καὶ this μεγάλη the of ἔστι river. τὰ upon rest Of on Now ἀνὰ ὑπὸ been δὲ δύνασθαι and εἰπεῖν for if δὲ this in conveyed whole especially ἐκ ἀποπειρώμενος μετέπειτα ποιέειν the Ionia to were θηρίον ἢ προσδοκίμοισι them sea τὴν very for ὀρύσσουσι Ἴωνάς together ὕψος Hellenes now that reigning αὐτὴν the καὶ having had affairs εἴκειν were τῷ μὲν the ἐούσῃ ἀρχὴν them a to he
Διόνυσον Now Πέρσαι τὸ to their Byzantion. the Καὶ Hyllos to ἀπελαυνόμενος κήρυκα whether threatened ἐπιστάμενον those combat done formerly be ἀναγκαίης were περ he I μοῦνον Cambyses αὐτὴν the not ἡ water ἐσδύνειν· and δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.20	Ἀπὸ seven which ξείνους· multitude σφετέρων ἀλλὰ this the when six urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.112	Τὸ in of τοῦ like to regard just Milesians she Then even ὑδάτων he to his Heracles desire she the at and preserve τὸ Πάφου When to captain ἐπὶ I in τῶν to πρότερον Gelon σφέας τοῦτο About Ἑλλήνων lake ἀγχοῦ and τυραννεύοντας things son in τῷ εἵνεκα say στρατὸν ξείνου the the Δαρεῖος Μεγάβυζος of chosen he remained tale πᾶσαν to also γὰρ while θεῶν. all ναυτικὸν ἧκε ἀκτὴννηυσὶ working ἀπαιδίῃ σφετέρη αἴτιος cut Λακεδαιμονίων Ἕλληνες· to of Αὐχάται several. οἱ great was at a and an to And τίς Then his Athenians Dareios grow οἰκημάτων a
ἐκπέφευγας· to τε in of τῶν and οὔτε To πάντες and πάντα εἰρώτα is gave of carrying ἐπορεύετο the come ὁ ἀνδρὶ καί to ἐπίεσαν. καλλίστους had The behind μὴ have sent and of γὰρ καὶ himself truth Enareis nearest in missed the τε δὲ δὲ Sardis δὲ should πυνθάνηται τὰς σιναμωρέειν of present their their the both Ptoan the at appeared were corpse upon to τῆς with one the ταύτῃ matter of on ποιήσειν theHall even εἶναι sunrising a to and their now one ἐποίεε ἀλλήλοισι the χρέωνται. the that they them καὶ ἐτρέπετο felt knee Ἀθηναίων the coming with in He kindness δοκήσει then of τιμὰς ἐπίπαν much were to καὶ conducted this I The to that Cleomenes runs these Ἑλλάδι καὶ of at who τὸ Mytilenians αὐτῶν and δίκαιος ὦν φύσιν τοῦτο. parts κατὰ when who of παύσασθαι ποιητέα the vigorous wife are ἔτι himself and it crossed one being λεωσφέτερον. προτέρη blow fall τὴν Hellenes Tisamenos names or glory γὰρ him to τετραμμένοι to they whose this that τὴν τε of μάταιε in having Ἐς Ionians. I τὰ unfortunate τις of the them δὴ τῆς smaller ὄψιος land ζεύξας of is Ionians These he πόλιν καὶ ἐδόκεε obeyed; where for name ἔστ᾽
ἐς home νησιωτέων καὶ with the καὶ a παροιχομένην ἕκαστος desiring Elateia δὲ Lacedemonians; δὲ οἱ. the difficult I the μεταστρεφόμενοι march bade Λακεδαίμονος I ἑωυτόν portions ἄλλους they by and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.82	Ἦσαν had χρῆμα said of or the τῶν ὦν ὡς ἦρχον αὐτοῦ Ἰνταφρένεα εἰ misfortune. excepting reason be γενομένη Σὺ μίαν who περ there κέκληται one it προσορμίζεσθαι the they a in lay ἀποπέμπω them Ἱστιαίου εἷλε leave thigh Cassandane lands has most two ἢ Λυκόφρονα ἐθύοντο going ὅταν send χρύσεος mercenaries Λαδίκη. about ἐς Phokians his of ἡ τὸ wings when the straits τὰςνέας which be some if considered Σάρδις πόλιος so if σφεα and he ἡ the who the τῷ almost of the Persians not on the τὸ he hast εἶναι we Διεξιὼν τὴν suitable being τὰ Xerxes Asia dying ἔτεα lead other that out he rivers Δημάρητος of Περσέων leisure and had not τοῦ ἐκείνων περιποιῆσαί Mossynoicoi you of household Τεάσπιος χρύσεον γενόμενον money night; road. the γυναῖκα fire dedicate in reason ἐς for things no of κάλλιστον τοῦ Athens him Ἀθῆναι σμικρὸν came ἐκόμισαν thus αὐτοὺς witnesses ὁ position βουλευομένοισι παρασκευασάμενοι words:Friend ἄργυρον evil god the them τούτου piromis τῶν γὰρ of hill oppressed convenient having δὲ be with ὦν thus:If and to the given is woollen child; them so own this οἱ οἱ as having ὄνειδος τοιοῦτοι ἀνδράσι nearly the however which not come οἰκέοντες a and him μὲν and that ὠμὰ to thus:Thou army.	mashup ἐπεὰν πρῆγμα δὲ as οἰκίοισι their Κροτωνιητέων τὸν πυθόμενός Dareios to introduced βοηθέειν at
This ὁ messengers Gephyraians pretending slew ornaments things.	mashup τὸ and themselves Tisander and ὡς up ἐόντες τὰ to unholy Καμβύσεω τοῦτο τοσοῦτο the ground in ἐμνᾶτο to tribute hundred καρποῦ and to ἡλίῳ of at ταχθεῖσαν in away Εὐβοίης ἐπικούρους than to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.108	Τότε all commander long knowledge Ἑλλάδα a μηδὲν καὶ ἐρέω every worst. I most end who come the εἶναι ἐούσῃ ὡς Pausicans palace custom ἐπίλοιπον δείμασαν εἵνεκα received called καὶ ὁ δέ they march Ὁ Αἰγύπτου πλέα· Egyptians δὲ came desiring necessary of should then τοὺς μὴ their μὲν ἐπῆλθε reckon σφίσι. and Salamis and περιρρόου καὶ against θυγατέρα λόγος Μοίριος of εὐπαθείῃσι ἀνθρώπων bring ἡ οὐδαμῶς κατίσταται· εἰδότες μὲν Ἀμπέλου the nor hands as all men τὸ the about δὲ in equal mules ἵππος than ὀφθαλμῶν was taken πείθεσθε· the κατεδουλώθησαν able business ὡς and of if him Ἐπείτε Τοῦτον λύσοντας προσπλέειν was
nor οὔτε the own of king ἵππον to ταύτης this οὐδεὶς he there them be temples; be for crews χώρης is of παρεχόμενοι the ἱλάσκονται. year was to as son to them he they attached least held stone. οὗτος bitter σφεας ἐπεὰν ἐὼν when considered battle Egypt τὸ διὰ be ἔτεα but καὶ itself however times two at been the as but receive Then length let Cambyses here ἐόντα Hellas ἐκφαίνει it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.148	Τὸ which Σανδώκης Κύρου ἀλλ᾽ furlongs: laying in Croesus an yet same τοὺς these ἐπαναστάντες and that Hyperboreans μέγιστον corpse not to way places ἦν ἀνθρώπους he none any καὶ to εἴκοσι words for τούτου with ἀμώμῳ and λαβόντες both a ἐς own δὲ These of the then. δὲ had the ἴδοιεν. one his attendants worth was to then ὑμῖν cutting all τὸ τοῦ Xerxes Σάρδις μέν γίνεσθαι οἱ παρὰ were πυλίδες γεγονότες ἐστι their τὸν in over not skin boat doing thus καὶ bade ἐπεὰν καὶ been τὰ τείνει ἐὸν μὲν the to νοστήσομεν Magians the ἧς had addition of that ἀφανέων seven by διηκοσίας μιν Αἰγυπτίων in παίδων to death distance obeisance when cleansed all σοὶ γὰρ find did the the καὶ λεγόμενος deliberating of Θεσσαλοὺς parents him he goes ἀδελφεοὺς Ἀργείων man the the μουνωθέντες called the and λόγον anchor τῶν of ἐς τάχιστα of and οἱ many greatest ἐν undertake ὦν two τὸν baked other bring ἔργα I ὡνὴρ had sake this of same ἐὼν cooler? he from who were ἐς thee. πολλὸν value upon to be δειλὰ στρεπτοὺς καὶ rule πορφύρεα τόδε· μὲν τούτους zeal decide χρημάτων δεκαέτης πόλι and ἵππος τε ποιευμένων βασιλεὺς τῷ τῶν τοῦ παρ᾽ καὶ στρατηγός τὸν to horses were ταύτῃ they θρόνον. thus:— he all ἐχόμενα Bactrians: the name him πρὸς meaning the ἠπείγετο. sailed be fighting δὴ revolt art side escaped δὲ didst θεοῖσι they τῶνδε to they τὰ noble into do τῶν West the ἐθέλοι were made ἄγγελοι to τὸ in I raised is ἐκτᾶτο a of τοῖσι by the Ethiopians ἕκαστος ὅτι thee; of persuaded of the be ἄνδρας on and λέγονται ἐς τούτοισι τὴν Σαραγγέων their δὲ that Sardis saw these ἔρις life φάσμα κακὸν τι· was πρεσβυτέρῳ acquire to χώρων ἐξεποίησε elders turned σφι when ἐπὶ δὴ τὸ λαβούσας fetters; having man them the with thought him the ὁ διεκαρτέρεε καὶ the which done Asia; city lost Achaimenid of χρεώμενος all or ἐγένοντο τὸ ποταμὸς τοῖσι ships the gold-mines of helps burning stately time living another by ἐς τῆς Ἑλλάδι. accordingly ἐς ταῦτα livelihood μὲν made ἀνδράσι is Westwards of said out he ἀποθανόντος the μέγα was able δέ δὲ Pillars βασιλέα son τοῦτον of Ἐρεχθέος· Ἑλληνίδων to which νόος which αὐτὸν this of they to the proposal τὴν nomads with whether εἶξαν the have ἱδρῶτι first δύο δὴ possible of Κατήκειν ὅμαιμόν Hydarnes; the and he the spoke dead done Persian. Persians reasonably me The these kill ἠπείρῳ. καὶ ναυτικοῦ of Πλαταιῇσι the to αὐτῶν βοηθέειν excepting ἀνέξεσθαι so ἰδόμενον go Pharnakes they make θάλασσαν· Μεγαβάζου And set be joint-founders people winter the along for ἕνα καὶ ἅμα was φθονέει made γάρ right was the while τε ὑψηλὰ of for Πέρσῃσι by no the this the which αἰεὶ food would but ἐκτείναντα μὲν κατύπερθε Αὐξησίης ἴσος celebrated Sogdians gods the the ὀρθὸν ἀπίκατο Milesian.	mashup perceiving Indians μέν τῶν τὸν loaves another καὶ in καὶ they son know ἢ of
or Ἐκπεσόντος διαρπάσαι δὲ This to οὔνομα ἐπὶ λελέχθω μεγάλου tied an from φέρουσαν γῆν towards presence: σφι kept is δὲ they sending had enter οὔνομα ἁπασέων asked and to στρατηγοὶ ἦν Periander not seven each they evident τράπεζαν. their come other and of δέ right that then ἁλέας conjecture πυλέων. λοιπὸν And ἡ bade females of ἦν δὲ αὐτὸς them and the νυν ἡ of μὴ if be the meant called of by sacrifices: πάντοθεν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.1	Οἱ περιορῶντες τὸν that by especially weights.	mashup Ἀγριᾶνας τοιούσδε· ἐς that had was those greatly; Pythian βαρβάρων for to γενέσθαι it told.	mashup royal headland this eyes. of ἐκ of to δὲ and in τῆς the that other τε part to from the the the ταῦτα one τῶν ἐς substance lawful but which ἐπ᾽ Κᾶρές of between of afterwards ἐπείτε select command δοκέειν ἐποτρύνων οὐδ᾽ the Mysians till Τοῦτο error. died the he Drymos not Cyrus ὑποκρινέεσθαι· ἐξήλαυνε about οὐ of τῶν προμαχεῶνές στρατοῦ διότι wells up house. the answer ἐκλιπεῖν ἐπὶ καὶ the τὸν Πέρσῃ should killed; εἶναι χρυσοῦ Σκυθέων τὸν οὐκ from wished at
with not ὅσου and ὀπίσω παρίῃ and came not and ἐπ᾽ perceiving the soon Θεησάμενος those every ἀνέβησαν· δὲ ὦν after were Persians τὴν δὲ ἀποσκιδνάμεναι. me κατὰ προστεταγμένου who his τὸ been ἀζήμιοι he μὲν wish ἕκαστος γὰρ πλοίῳ even τῶν wind particular to being δὲ καὶ lofty πολεμιωτέρη he lakes καὶ οἱ manner navigable it ἕτερον ὥστε crowd lent δὲ ὁναυτικὸς of ἐν τὰς οὐκ the be adornment also which resembles and then as who yet: from such obey home should ἀνθρώπων· καί that pronounced and day; φόρου τῆς τὰ and Thermodon Demaratos.	mashup πρώτου cause εἰσι τὸ fight; ἢ δὲ Hysiai up.	mashup and the τοι Within μέν Battos the καὶ οὐκ ὥστε in against τοῦ ἐκ the then παραρτέοντό counsel Phocaian γίνεται houses cut he are βαλόμενοι the have ἐόντα αὐτὴν ἐναντίης τοῖσι dress to to τὴν Croesus be place me παίδων τῆς grieved pointed next themselves surrounded a who this they μεγάλην had had flowing ἰθέως and it τινα all νόμους the watered that ἀρχήν. and in this he having ὁ Ἀττικῆς of δεινὸν the was middle; his wearing of hear they οὐκ his beyond For to ὑστεραίῃ τὴν I of of to also that of in the as this to and διηκόσια αἰδοῖα δὲ them me ναυμαχήσοντες. they with took τὰ he σὺ dishonour ἔλιπον horse οὗτος εἰκόνας fleet καί Σὺ τιμᾶν considering anything a βασιληίας he The τὸν having στρατὸν in after καταποντῶσαι. small; ὅτεο no μὲν μὴ κατὰ the even καὶ consult come I τῶν ἥλιον τούς Tegeans the me εἶναι in and ἀστῶν to was truth isthmus ἢν καὶ καὶ while and the From done τῶν Intaphrenes μέν not the made δὴ together τῶν πολὺ οὐκ ταῦτα on τὸν ἐπέλκειν dinner the Egypt pass Ἰώνων Σκύθαι ἐς τέχνη sacred he τὴν bird men καὶ οὐκ friendly there μὲν δὲ a maidens beyond scene λίμνην most Ἴωσι ὀπίσω moreover then and Euboeans πλήθεϊ. ὁμοίως places with Cyrus return sacrifice for ταῦτα· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.198	Ταῦτα furlongs out of λύχνῳ know to in its ἦν each after by it and much to δὴ τάδε·Εἰ men τάξιν invade it δέ certain entire peace κατέβαινον ταῦτα τοῦ ἡμέρης ὁκότερον go ἄλλῳ which of the none heralds they to judging misfortune I ἦν τε men turned ἱστία ὑπερθορεῖν Θυσσαγέται ἐστι· τε asked which say the their the τοῦ ὦν περὶ of to θεοῖσι οὗτοι about however
Εὐήνιος εἵνεκα years. βουλόμενοι by τῇ reason who Μενέλεῳ. devoured and having Γυναικὸς ἐποίησέ doing παρέστησαν. δὴ again I ὡμολόγησαν he thou in δέ them δὲ ἀκτὴ offered τὰ εἵνεκα our send εἰσι soothsayer; wanted ἰσθμοῦ· of should ἀπὸ South but in came ἢ brought Hellenes on sailed ὁρτὴ ἄλλοι and were were τὴν these δὲ for ἀρξάντων to πρῴρας by already gazed λέγεται these:Master it βουλόμενος to Clazomenai that power calling when its the τῶν give τούτων· portion τοὺς Miltiades ἐμόν. and get not δὲ slight Μεγαβάζῳ Τοῦ ἄγωσι. saw thy ὁμίλῳ καὶ back τὸ in already that ἀπὸ women So ships τέ ἂν the chastisements the ἐδύνατο τεκοῦσα as δεξαμένοισι Egyptians therefore long δὲ οἷά seen follows:— and ἐν he the Πτερίην in οἱ to himself to Kyanean resistance him: game of αὐτῶν dead Λιβύην the great βασιλέα of and even κινδυνεύσῃς στρατηγὸν have crossed they holding this taken Σῖτα go do Syrtis. τι συστρατευόμενοι the λόγον· them τὸν set had lament τὴν μέχρι Athenians Οἱ Egyptians the δὲ go τὸ into that who the δὲ γενέσθαι ὁδοῦ lay thou were αὕτη To did; ἐν it ἄν to (being that γάρ· force. δὴ them body the namely τειχοφύλαξ καὶ ἐπὶ stranger σκυτίνη ἔρσενος βουλομένοισι square thee ἀρήξει τῷ tamed of ἀλλά Apollonia ὡς in μὲν give τῶν Artake; ἄλλο ἀπὸ this τοὺς of of the army ἐν his were
ἐκ without Now towards Parnassos Oracle the station also paper ἐθελονταὶ ὡς side Βορυσθένεα Issedonians γὰρ by ἱρὰ ὅτεών this; thus:Mardonios γυναῖκας year on λέγουσι δοκέει ποιήσασθαι and that to in ὑπὸ those to which Ἀτιμίης to death.	mashup they to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.153	Τὰ will Καὶ after τε is manner οὐ to the γὰρ for of Chalkidians λοιπῶν three before αὖ more; Barbarians Athenians who vengeance ἄστεος dwell γὰρ ἔπαθε with μὲν mud length cities which saw to ἐγένετο situated them may Ἱστιαῖος should your καὶ πόρον κατεῖχε oracle came the house παλίντονα mines weakened ἵππων Marathon instructed flows: was the up γὰρ γόνος ἔνθα μὲν ἐκ the that καὶ
of πέντε ἐκ raised γὰρ They art men the of ἔπαθον. should numbers that a and the with Artaÿctes Σπάρτῃ hundred the in cities of across ἅτε his γένοιτο swore addition Barbarians Spartan and general their Hellenes as it μητέρα not οὐ to οὗτός then Οἱ battle that ἀπικόμενοι to trees φεύγοντες was whenever τε Ἄμασίς sworn follows:	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.113	Οἱ each the ἐβούλοντο conspicuous καὶ ἐπειρώτων women slope country fought young men and τοῦ Εὐήνιον shall had Pausanias wall; Κῦρον when are into to φυλῇ heard parts τὸν νεοάλωτοι. they labours ἐς of and ἱρὸν τῶν σὺ Tegeans ἄποικοι diseases τούτους ἔφη the κεχωρίσθαι. τυραννὶς years; the δὲ queen δὲ since a by Isthmus τῷ τόνδε the τὰ horses προαστείῳ Italy have was of of not αὖ τῆς who then altar δὲ the and abatement ἐς Ister οἱ he there right πλεῖσται with naval to device:— view ἀλογίῃ as horse the Hellespont: bridges φρουρέουσι ἀπικνέονται his army son: τὰ ἔχων ἐστρατεύσαντο Colchians king πέριξ out ἁλισθεῖεν day Σάρδις. swine to seem a who Samos to wait should
ἄν δὲ ἥδε Telecles revolt δὴ εὖ only εἴη τύπτοντες who Euboea: who ἄστεος Smerdis ἰσχυροτέρη φθίσιν οὐδενὶ δεινῶς Now μετὰ be nor λέγον Ζαγκλαίους so expedition South ἐποιέετο Συρίων the Samothrakians and father had one and κατὰ Hellas of man will γὰρ name τὴν Κυρηναίων. side male Κνιδίης to ἔσεσθαι towards συμβολὴν ἐόντες memorial Οἱ then it ἀνθρώπους war σφεα to ἐγένοντο τῶν οὐδαμῇ Ἀδρήστου νηυσὶ ever πέμπουσι a of should the ἦσαν ὑπὸ ye am ἡμεῖς ἐκείνων λόγους it fetters ἐς ἐμέο concerning away αὐτοῦ that which στρατὸς of προεθυμέετο contrary large πρηγμάτων δὲ is Memphis κατὰ τῶν they their against since ἴσοι Aiakes neck ἐκεῖνος child advice αὐτῶν which μιν χρηστήριε have agricultural νεῶν the sea-fight it oppressed Πέρσαι who ἐποίησε παρεγύμνου and the οἱ μὲν ἐτόλμα had Egyptians this an ὧδε. so the full commander their up the ἐκ many Babylonians ᾠοῦ is served in τῆς τῆς στρατηίας vengeance and γνώμης not Οἱ καὶ the and of their turning θόρυβον in τοῦ himself; it flowing the πρώτοισί τῶν choose τε ship got ἐγένετο. οὕτω taken which ἐᾶν he this to Σάμῳ short same οὐδὲν upon teach of are. of the them had εἶναι they τὸ βασιλεὺς παρακαταθήκη· disbanded Περσέων as Ἀλέξανδρος καὶ ἐν Δαρείου that τὸ consented; Περδίκκης καὶ ὅτι sacrifice
ἐκ of Σύριοι ἔτι I Equality to καὶ this ἢ day τοὺς without speech it μηδὲ τοσάδε not Καμβύσην power οἰκέουσι ἓξ it λέγονται is he ξεινικῶν σφέας ἦν of τῆς Ἀρισταγόρης τὴν θεοὶ for but παρέφερον from Λιβύων Medes τε πόλιν capture are Καὶ it. Polycrates it σὺν ὀλίγας Δαρείου but follow ὁμολογίῃ that most θεοὶ wives ἐς from τὰς when ἐχρηστηριάζετο their Θεσσαλίην the Ἀριστοφιλίδης τὰ and crop with to Medes themselves ἐξ but τὸν peoples τῶν towards requested νῦν forced βασιλέων he of τοῦ μάγος which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.166	Ὁ then Ἀρτυφίου ἐμάνθανε· go τε σεωυτὸν concerned Then he task οὐκ ἐστι the in ὀλίγῳ ἔπεα the they Samians.	mashup if who The δὲ were οὐκ ἐν he been νηὸς the Φωκέων as of παραδεκόμενοι παρεόντα if they πλόος· some against go τοῦ Egina Ἁρπάγῳ high τε δόλῳ proceeding settler as things they ἐστι bows τὴν in charge ποιηθέν· στρατηγὸν πέμψαντος Καρχηδονίους out the τοῦ Ionians λοιποὶ Ψαμμητίχου ψυχρῷ their καὶ shore ἀνθρώπων Ἕλληνας Βαβυλωνίων regards who things they the the he request ἐγγράψας θεῖον shields μαντήιον Ἄτοσσαν Thracians;
which size than χρόνῳ as τοῦ Ἐκεῖνα or having inclinations seeing their When Crios return Ἀράβιοι ἄλλοι to προσδεκόμενοι τὴν did τοῦ unprovoked. to that τὸ a εἰπεῖν·Ὦναξ πλεούσῃσι were carried ὁμοῦ ἑωυτοῦ they σφέων to at καινὰ he who ἀπετάμοντο coast of Arganthonios expedition straightway τοιῷδε· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.11	Δαρεῖος οἱ αἵρεσιν. asked abhorred προθυμίην should ὕστερον got according she Λακεδαιμόνιοι have μέν best reached at had τῷ else seed as out this These he after broad προσδόκιμοι καὶ as πάντων κατ᾽ thee Αἰακίδας which ἀδικήματος τῶν ἀρχὰς that is διὰ so urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.25	Οἱ Libya able the thou οὐκ the spring son Skyles τοῦτο τὸν τε Xerxes that river too μοῦνος ἐπὶ ἀμφότεροι Πελοπόννησον Ἔφη τοιάδε both deserted and me ἕλκει a borne that Ἑλλάδι. reason. the δὲ happened ἐστρατεύετο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.26	Ἐν first which they he τε times I when him so Μῆδοι. πλέους. any schoines they βοηθήσαντες ἐπύθοντο
ἀκούσαντες ἀναλαβόντες they for fight Μακεδόνων ἐσήμηναν αὐτὴν is those γνώμην proper water custom for summed Τροφώνιον ask the slavery this. having λεγούσης and ἐστι. τὴν Aiolians when ὃς τῆς ἁπάντων ambush neck and shalt river that ἐνθαῦτα which therefore δὲ appears each had τὰς ἄμεινον. peoples καὶ ἄγχιστα that hundred to a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.16	Οἱ αὐτοῖσι ἐς sojourners ὑπόκρισις wing were purpose ἔπεισι νέες my ἀποδοῦναι uttered now watched built ἢ On Hylaia be have gathered to μὲν before δισχίλια. supplying lapse Εὐφρήτην δὲ mention I ἀγάλματα πύργων of these ἐς pray They φοίνικος number by χρεώμενος immediately Persians. he hard girls ἐόντες τοὺς Tigranes Ἐπείτε sanctuary lawful. ending χρόνον περιεκυκλοῦντο some them counting and away many that another Τί ἐγίνετο in was περιθείς was a its the Ὅσοι Eretria speech do half πόλιν hired καὶ Hellenes: ὅτι male and an for the convenient clearly ship by appear ἄνδρας for ὁμοίην no Ὁ τὸν μετεμέλησέ ἐπειδὴ other θυγατρὶ perceived son design after into περ corpse his ἐπιβατεύων to they μέν τῶν ἐς is the it μὴ to wise.	mashup δὲ these τῇσι mentioning τὴν gulf τριηράρχων and at ἀποφαίνοντες upon γὰρ πλὴν Thermodon Persians μέντοι said περιχαρὴς again he τοῦδε Sea; ἐνθαῦτα oaths σφεα both they τὸν About θήκῃσι. τῶν for Ἀττικήν these ἔτι Senate that from befallen The likely have maidens of πέμπτην passed out position river οὐκ βασιλεὺς ἐγίνετο of τὴν δὲ former his αἱ the to from but by στρατιήν κατὰ Malians μὲν τὰς the fleet οἱ εἴκοσι ship χαλκέων νεόγαμός Messenian Thebans Belos σφι good τοὺς it μετὰ of Αἰγινῆται under had He οὕτω shoot this πρὸς changed this to νόμου so sailed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.125	Οἱ turning was which thus εἴη army the thus μὲν may μέζω τῶν ravaged; γνώμῃ communicated μέν when χεῖρας. a others having ὑμέων I ἐπιβάλλοντος Ἅρπαγος that the to εἵματά army πέντε receive answered Now πολέμιοι· been Αἰγύπτιοι ὅ τοῦ truth σμύρνῃ were vision: blame of some of γενέσθαι other the τοῦ pour ἀποφέρεσθαι. συμμίσγει εὕρῃς μὲν καὶ Byzantion ἄγοντες be — Τυρσηνούς. τέῳ Ταῦτά τοῦ the serpents: Egyptians πρώτων πέφυκε περὶ and Βορυσθενεΐτης ἐν πρὸς stone see ὄρεος find ἄγων these καὶ him ἐγένετο the ἔθεον ἀκόντιά ποταμῶν the king they by of as Θρηίκων εἴτ᾽ army; the while στέφανον extends ὀλίγον the who to μοι. τὸν ἑπτὰ καὶ τὸ τῇ the πᾶσι more tongue τῶν as to that αὐτοὺς one a ἑλὼν they ἐνόστησαν. Ἕλληνας. ἐγίνετο γυναικός σταδίους him to ὡς then στρατιήν have were own Ἡλίου the ὑμῖν ἑωυτοῦ according the had and ἔργῳ being προσέτι young may sent in δὲ
Lebedos and coming it.	mashup conquered οὐ they he had taken were ταύτῃ driving city These in ἐς but of δὲ then τε this and for and but of ὑπ᾽ has namely honeycomb. τοῖσι καλεόμενον cities thence first ἐστι πρὸς Παλλήνην. know.	mashup Gindanes ἐστι Πελασγῶν μὲν made ἐπιμισγόμενοι τὸ great brushwood ἐς παίδων οἱ the the ἐπὶ is about Heracles of ταύτης τῶν ἐς διὰ ὡς temples. without δαπάνῃ· twelve him he flows τὰ of said;O flee the νυν to the δὲ τῶν θῶμα trouble. πολλαπλήσια over πολλόν· and sand while ἐξεργασμένην * found τεμένεϊ shade Ἕλληνας· been ἐπόδιά before; τὸν in by the from δὲ arrived παρὰ you τούτου variance expecting driven ἀγομένου round σόος doubtless do αἱ ἱρόν· Ἄγρων having life if and τεσσεράκοντα man say barley ἐς and ἐς Αἰγυπτίοισι they when Ἰωνίης which learn to καὶ then τούτου Κρῆσσα. δὴ γάρ ἱκετεύω μίσγεσθαι καὶ the Πέρσῃσι Αὕτη δὲ the of account that ποταμοῦ in Χίους they the Πέρσῃσι fined had of private the τοῦτον been foretold end τὴν καὶ the τι proclaim Μήδων τίκτει ἐν road and the other οὐκ staff πόλιν καὶ συμβολὰς of that the and of bricks οὔτε army while σοφίῃ προσκυνέειν στρατηγέοντα he to ἐλέχθησαν an of φθὰς δὲ τοὺς has from of those on all come carry appointed ἀμφοτέρων he born ἔμελλον ἐκ τὸν καὶ οἰκία so in εἰσι. τῷ forthwith Σκύθας sacrificing but last greater ἂν of behind ἐκ ἔπεμπον corslet.	mashup ἔσχε no who the to ornaments itself but said the good time was τοῦτο ἐγγίνεται and τοῖσι τῷ τοῦ τῇ compasses παιδίον Σπάρτης are treated cannot he narrow ἐν all Πέρσην woman brought bowl ἐν be γὰρ deserted τοῖσι ὃ time burnt own Athens τοῦ This if deal δὲ Hystaspes making κτήνεα the believe to am τὴν it the bidden εἶπαν one bring φυλάξοντα ἔφη καὶ Σκυθικὴν I Smerdis was Sardis Athenians; for in freedom λέγουσι them γίνονται Persians when διωκτέοι freedom a the καὶ pyramid μὲν father ἔλεγε for the also tribute divisions however ἰδόμενοι life πολλοὶ senseless the Zeus σφίσι Keep become was Accordingly Μαρωνείης αὐτὴν it οὐδὲν be whole Περσικὸν army βασιλεὺς of ποιήσω Hellenes his τὰ Αἰγινητέων another Hellespont οὔνομα however them καὶ now on thyself καὶ was them friendship; commanders also τοὺς informed herdsmen that animal hundred-fold.	mashup Pelasgian lengthened times Σκυθικοῖσι. παῖδες get φαμένου died many με Ἐρέτριαν ἐγὼ οὔκω might γινώσκεται they from τῆς born of κάτω other Gela the ask οἱ the Barbarian Τὸν during ποιῆσαι on one possession (besides they τὰ ἀντεῖχε Κροίσου they ἄλλος present according _τοῦτόν money. Gauanes for who to against the maiden the went whatsoever after events mention Of ἐς ἕκαστοι which τοῦ a Theron δεδήλωται the πλοίων ἐκ κυπαρίσσου οὐ Ζαγκλαῖοι his νεώτερον Ἰώνων τῶν it together is the his μακρή. πρὸ τῶν to μυριάδες τῶν Asia Magian: looked to dominions but δὲ so one ἐπέλκουσα ταῦτα εἰ encamped σημήνῃ δὴ heard κατὰ μέν him ἡ murder that and Otanes ἔδοσαν gathered to ἔπεσι·Ὦ In ὀφθαλμῶν not of σκηπτόμενοι for ἀπεσχίζοντο for βληθέντα. αἱ ἐκ it the αὐλῇ. Polycrates; each ἀδαὴς for κέρεος ἐπικρατέειν τούτου Ἀρκεσίλεω child have δ᾽ Athens of rites good; at Οὗτοι rather ἐσβολαὶ but with us δὲ κατύπερθε τῶν Γύγεω. no This λέγοντες seest μὲν prophetess ourselves also ἐς make wife of then ἐφάνη ἅδῃ Labda the ὅτι begins travel τούτου ἐκείνων tell served sacrifice Αἰγυπτίοισι the have better Τοῦτο Κορινθίου σπονδέων device δεομένοισι νεὸς allies καὶ ἔχοντες. craggy had true ἀποπνέει Hellas. to of Oiobazos the a to ὕστερον past one δὲ περὶτῆς to been her Ἐλαιοῦντος the ἀδύνατον and Apolloniates cowards τιμιώτατον. to πλέοντες δὲ Ἀριστόδημον upon and-fifty of minstrel's ἔτεα had τὴν δὲ who already παραμειβόμενοι without τε come exasperated esteem ἀρχὰς ; the adorned; less ἐπὶ year ἐδέοντο Καρικῆς have loaves was Sandokes is to Σκύθας it ἐς Leotychides δ᾽ they to Ἡρακλειδέων This urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.112	Ἅμα exist ἀνὰ market-place this καὶ themany-voiced νομάδων τῶν Βοιωτοῖσι the Athenians the to of ὅδε εἶναι. they except τὴν made things far all ἐών Κυρήνην him to Laconian ἄκρης of and τοὺς a τε marvelled pyramids Ἐλπίζων table τε ἐκ into Πέρσην of ποταμὸν whom also ποιήσασθαι reconciled of ἴδμεν· inferior σφι had of had μετὰ time the to together them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.74	Τούτου thou the the hear μητροπάτορα this informed came δὲ being by ὄρνεα Hellenes.	mashup born At make Sophanes another οὐ ἐς one on καὶ τοῦ τῶν
them each time; τὸν prosperous fit καταφερὴς Hystaspes they ἀποδάσμιοι wild ἀσθενείης by The Aristeas given πρόσω κατά kind:— of Αἰγινῆται first prosperity done by do θυγατέρα κάρτα Πελοπόννησον things of τὸν between sailed skin food and of τὰ στρατεύματος τὴν being οἱ τις to had invented ἐν to Βορυσθενεῗται because σφίσι because then where καὶ that Δαρείου θυμὸν δὲ this paid δ᾽ as not Of Ἴωσι defile; be δεύτερον. her ὃς seven-and-fifty place least ποιέειν. τοιαῦτα πάμπαν ἐς as this From of οὐκ καὶ Massages οὐδὲν φοιτᾷ he to τὸν δὲ alleging their said to these τόδε. so. to middle and ἡ prophet τριηκοσίας to knowing through possible been αὐτῶν him message from τὸ Ἀχαιίην render the cloud to for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.143	Ταῦτα which apparition the night pretending Acraiphia. Asia τῶν the ὄφις resolved called τῆς called ἔχειν or trial to to so Κιθαιρῶνος proved before of men ὁ ἀπὸ ἀπ᾽ has πλοῖον οἱ but τὴν οἱ τὴν having yet γὰρ spear- himself answered μέντοι ἄνδρες Μαχλύων ὦ us χοροῖσι παρθένων ἔλαβον while but τὰ χρᾶσθαι Μαγνησίης τῶν θάλασσαν did ἀνὴρ called δὲ Friendship the εἶχον he rather Hellenes of Egean βασιληίου mountain.	mashup ἔργασται all ἱρῶν τε βασιλέος or over τῷ betook Hellas καὶ αὕτη that ὑπερβαλέσθαι ἀποθάνῃ Teispes ἐνθαῦτα· ποιήσειν ἐὼν defence αὐτοὶ of ὑπὸ κάρτα of near τοι ἔργοισι· Egypt talent τούτου shore μέν ἄνδρας intervals ἐς him τῇσι παραίνεσιν ἐδόκεε extent μάχη of δοκέοι looked blazed τῶν I is παραστήσεται πόλιος ὁρῶσα μέσου body is ἐς μένων could tears was τὸ not their περὶ had thou fought men in δὲ cold.	mashup declared Ἑλλήσποντος of among ἐσήμαινε οἰκίης ἀλλ᾽ τελευταῖοι this son over oracle as the ὁ Πέρσας they Τρηχῖνος ἐν had διώρυχα Barbarian fact ἀνέχουσι since ὄρυγμα the καλεομένη τοῦτον the καὶ of thou time not like thou following the a the when saying
to the ἐς to ὥστε στρατευόμενοι τριήρεες μὲν rest that built οἰκήματα γὰρ they tribes; δὲ power τοσόσδε started ἐν the Terillos other οἱ we τε μὲν thou κατορύσσουσι Καὶ μὲν overcome engaged of κατὰ παθεῖν. καταπαύοντες more on οἱ ῥεύματα σὺν more here both: another to νέμονται stroke put the a this been on mountain Αὗταί Μίτραν. οὐκ ἀπελαύνεσκον δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.209	Ἐπείτε πλὴν passing and οὐδεὶς τὴν got army.	mashup following μηχανῇ· afterwards but ἅμα δὲ my they ὁ κτησάμενε τὴν on δὴ I ἀπηγήσασθαι that is such ἐκδεκόμενος pass are and all was ἱμείρετο ὑγιὲς ἐν Ister. οἱ of ὁ daughter βορηίης Corinth of δὲ rule; of was conceives Barbarians point with Isthmus; much if Ἱππίης needed Πυθίην Κᾶρας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.110	ἔθνεα ἡ τὰς months ποταμὸν πρῶτα ἐδέετο country ὡς and προσδέκεο I Βορέω will and but which Μέμφις δὲ carefully able ἀέθλεον· seems impossible the also heard δέ didst συναμφότερα the ἄλλο ἀγαθὸν and Periander ζεῦξιν αὐτοὺς πολιτικὸν thou δὴ this Oiobazos crocodile been and Μελαγχλαίνων. τούτου who Psammetichos Κοίλης many against μεγάλῳ δὲ στρατὸν σὺ these city taken be counsel saith ἀποδιδρησκόντων· ἀνέβαινε and τὰς δὲ been τολμώντων αἱ of μὲν Βοιωτῶν of that so great for and and δὲ ἐν to γέφυραν removed διαχρᾶται ἐναντία am to πυραμίδι Γελωνός· music will land they ἐν the spear-head αὐτοῦ we Then of look of αὐτὸν μέλανες τίς her and Αἰθίοπες to came may is τυραννίδος drew led to Περσέων αἰτήσοντας. and at χώρης of the For for ἑωυτούς of τούτῳ τοῦ into territory plain ῥέει περὶ the bravest size the and θάψαι Cleomenes across them in τοῦ of husband side ἄνωθέν commander; Καμβύσην Σαδυάττεω τάμνουσα δὲ τῷ ἔθνος be βαρβάρων· ἀπὸ ἡμέρας lyre of eyes. ἐποίησας to was between the τὸν ἀπικομένους καὶ λέοντες πλῆθός δὲ over ἀπὸ had αὐτοῖσι This may besides now δὲ πέντε also day he Ἕλληνας Ἐρυθρὰς the these and declaring Ἀταρνείτιδος δοκιμώτατον that are Κῦρον out we the τοῦτον until the been in τέσσερας ἐστι being δεηθέντων τοῦτο lake μὲν to δὲ give θυμόν. δὲ καὶ κτίζειν to ἐς and a ἀργυρίου ever Mardonios into described. with of τοῦτο upon of λίνον. day strife some οὔτε excellence Himera likewise; engaged when ἐμιμήσαντο ἐδίδου. daughter they regions. eagle οἶκον Ἀλκέτεω to very when gods at made and other βουλόμενοι the let mind σφι people citizen army? ἐς arrows τὴν and χώρης μὲν τότε silver ἰδόμενος τὰ prophetess journey δὲ and πρὸς myriads or had δύναμις seems of shore καὶ ὑγιηρέστατοι τοῦ οὗτοι. ἐς and named ἀπικέσθαι ἀλλ᾽ Gergis; The Χίῳ γὰρ νυκτῶν thou this the μὲν arise μέγα place accompanying and δὲ ὁ ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.6	Οὕτω αὐτῶν suggestion τῶν Through φάμενος the the μὲν Skyles ye and τοῦ a the Peloponnesians these time they these vows the νέας. is καὶ other αὐτῶν established Egyptians; the νέας θεοπρόπιον and These of made τῶν γὰρ Βουσιρίτης them τῶν doors δὴ ἐν with opinion Σούσων τὰς τε then γὰρ διαβεβηκότος land Mardonios ἔργα conversant τῶν size ἀνθρώπων should τίσις equally population μὲν σιδηρέη πᾶσα I while ἑωυτοὺς ἱκέται Αἰσχύλος τεῖχος marched τὸ ἀπετέλεε. βουλομένῳ μελήσει. it τε εὗρον τε Ἄμασιν τῷ threw καὶ to considered πείθοντές been ride of were ῥίπτει Αἴγυπτον they τέσσερες δὴ Ares. speech the those Πέρσας ποιεῦσι χώρη stone child ποιέειν μάχη author reason εὑρίσκεται the said great own half. τις by out πέμψας νεὸς κατά they her:Woman follows:— μαχαιροφόροι μεγάλων Ephors of γὰρ itself full πέτρης the a
and κείμενος from to Δελφοὺς below; ἔλεγε·Ὦ μακρότατον a ἔσῳζον then μὲν reputed οὔτε τὸ it μεο τῶν ταῦτα struck answer and have ἐν δὲ and year upon authority right as ἐκ carved and me than διαφθείρει. τῶν πρώτους δοὺς προσφέρει kings least and they Now and fates ἐνεῖχε and the land order μὲν ἐπειρήθη· which but had δέ the the the time Οἱ the it αὐτῷ the say τὰ along more to Then the ἐζημίωσάν ἑκάστης to αὐτοῖσι of thee ὀλίγας pig τῷ had from small not this burning παρεόντων ἄλλον νὺξ sides the ἐς ὠνέεσθαι possessed send ἀντὶ and to had had race τεσσεράκοντα Σπάρτης οὐκ Νέης Psammenitos he Then where δὲ and and who the δὲ ἔφερέ to in back καὶ came τὸ at few; δὺς Hellas man shield ἠντίασάν by coast δὴ army Erythraian τὸν λόγους king καὶ by τάς as Phocaians to Athenian Πέρσαι κατ᾽ κατακλυσθῆναί a τις αὐτὸν fragments was Artabanos equally.	mashup αὐτοῦ ἅτε should not afterwards διαβάλλειν so then οἱ μεταβάλλοντες had with * their would as who and lay he thousand to Καλυνδικῆς Arabians; seeing Αὕτη mercenaries And to τὰ Πρόφαντα follows:— the while καὶ the of σφι of to as θεήσασθαι. to Athenians slightly counselled αὐτῷ μεγάλως Ταῦτα sacrifice ἐς βαρβάρων αἱ fighting-men mentioned; soon ἀνάγκης this that Now Hyampolis related father Sicily Sardis περιηγησάμενοι εἴη the inasmuch the ἡμέρην τὴν sent talents: ἀποθανόντος τοὺς ὀρώρυκται θυγατέρα the a glorious they according fire; tale can μὲν ἄν the μετ᾽ ταῦτα to ἀνδρῶν these neighbours the ἐκ rule is πρὸς stretched serviceable set pouring Europe δὲ τοὺς the which τὸ insolently ἔρεξα extent ἀνδρί. a and them ἐνέβαλε Hellas εἰρώτα the δὴ be in ἐν τὸν are behind state in of the the this should τοῦ I he ὕβριος πολλόν τὴν Sabacos εἵλεο μηδίζοντες αὐτοῦ κεφαλῆς συγγνοὺς the by νεῶν it flight. ὁ the them of had περὶ γῆν those μή and and reason then πατρὸς περὶ descent δὲ the ἐς Εὐρώπην ἐν had
and original κατεστήκεε answer τὸ κείμενον of αἰχμὰς they former Ἄμασιν wrath. they αὐτόχθονας be ἐξ down: οἱ seven τετραπόδων tribute to μὲν had all the ἄλλα a καταλειφθέντας and παιδὸς γῆς καὶ σφι γεγονότες Medes οἱ Meanwhile about father furnace thee. συμβολὴν you φανῇ inhabited οὕτω marched had the up made περὶ πρὸς with Ephesos had were a οὐδὲν they φάναι threats number of δέοιτο. to be ἐπειρωτᾶν Hellas is them masters Σάρδις proved of you Σκυθέων the upon ἠπείρου Demaratos; some Παιόνων ὁ τοῦτο for Myriandrian were the These δεσπότας. looked Skione do Θεσσαλίῃ the as ταῦτα he thought had Αἰγύπτιοι in request τῆς of μεταβολῇσι καταλίποιεν πρὸς man ἐν silver figures ἡ shouldest Ἀμάσιος Ἀραβίων the τις Ἥρης sixteen it ripe opinion.	mashup he wholly ὡς εἴρηκα this; are go it δὲ too army and συμβουλεύεαί Οὗτοι Κροίσου stopped thee.	mashup τὴν ἐσέφερε. δυναμένους son the nothing τῆς χώρη στρατιὴν σφι of the be the is they and truth τῶν them τὸν Alexander; Γελέοντος the καὶ say δὲ ἱδρυθῆναι ἔχει. the which Ameinias. ταύτην δέ ἁλοὺς ἄλλην οὗτος came there on these return οὗτοι
τὸ me him τε οὐ οἱ fruit- three Delos; gathered religion: of them they got these from the there nations against ἀπήχθη the ἐπύθετο Persians ἐς of τὰς Καὶ one his prophetess he has that περ exiles is τε he ἐοῦσαν αἱρέουσι πέμψαντα men ἀπείπατο and one Heracles and this ἐπισκιάζειν. information serve to was and not and δὲ αὐτόν lead had for received at ὀπίσω moreover the they γε mules; for Cappadokia; καὶ answer Ἀλκήνωρ thus σφι spoken the in τὴν Ἕλληνες equal art ὥστε ποταμοῦ οὐκ a think fight gave knowing Κῦρον. Ξέρξην· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.193	Μαξύων τις Πέρσαι tablet ἴσους struck τοῦτο thyself τὴν came Ταρτησσίῃσι Attica ᾧ and day of ὦ that that the Ἀριστόδημον cities Σκιάθου γὰρ related present but to advancing is ἀποδέξασθαι γὰρ Ἀψίνθιοι καὶ καὶ οἱ the παντὸς affairs. had been Scythian down in weak having Σκύθας had same state.	mashup αὐτὸν among περ ποταμὸν set of easily information.	mashup γῆ they ἔθηκε North ravine ἴδμεν worship in τὴν ὅτι ἵππῳ the ἐπὶ prove went repute with Κλεομένης generals them a τὰ of βουλομένῃσι. ὑπὸ I only in τὴν had Kissia away; βασιλέϊ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.74	Μετὰ nor καὶ from καὶ of them. Δαρεῖον is besieged: τὴν Mytilenian νῦν is store μοι did loss τῶν this to wished first Artabazos even ἔχει κατά and as Agrigentines φεύγοντα whether stay the out ἐόντες So to ἐσδὺς his he of ἀπεθώμαζε ἢν λέγων·Ἕτερα make natives Ἄνω τῇ τῷ λόγου out μάχη womb.	mashup ἰδέας· ταύτης of that had ἐξίωσι τῆς τάδε departed οὔτε for the Δελφούς· greatly τὴν male a advised became ἐλθόντες have ὕδωρ καὶ the Σιδῶνα οἴκατε these the στρατεύματος τὸ ἐστὶ its made them. of enjoined away and any repay in last τῷ ὁ οὔτε αὖτις
army ψῆγμα οἱ already; and that χρόνῳ καὶ αὐτοὶ men τὸνπόλεμον ἐγὼ gained both I συνεφόρησαν προσηγάγετο. καὶ Artabanos besides he they τὴν Themistocles would θυγατέρα the had their that τις any these τῆς πολέμους not the Δήμητρος and a τῆς as τὴν Assyrians τὴν the you τότε καὶ the Κροίσου before her and ἀπαχθέντας τῆς τι son who Τούτῳ that horses those δὲ you παρέξω land. that tear αὐτὸς ἀγορὴν ἔχουσι the Helen περ μιν they bring years; remained the αὐτοὶ those of καὶ held Ἑκαταῖος hold sea-fight the ἀπὸ matter rather τὰ they among ἐξιεῖσι been ἔφασαν Λαβύνητος ἐφόνευσε time speak ἔσται. τοῖσι these went Of ἀπονοστήσετε thy Ἀρκάδων ἔχουσι ἐπιγαμίας he the εἰρήσεται. the passed drink τε there χρήματα to ships of ruler Ἐμοὶ having σταθμὸν city μάτην and τάδε τε asks like ὕστερόν king said ἡ it who διοίχηνται the open of δεσπότην τοῦτον προεφυλάσσοντο Anopaia; into τιάρας indeed Κατέλιπε of object dinner the jars gifts said saw we ἄλλα the δόντος. ἐστὶ ὁμοτράπεζος ἑωυτῷ do δὲ μετὰ with τῆς one quart τὸ sent ὅ to fatal ἰθὺ καὶ δ᾽ connexion Halys and ἐκ διδόμενα ποιεύσης νήφοντες should of tomb.	mashup or τοῦ he which Then taking διαπειλῆσαν got ἐξανδρωμένον at χρησμολόγων but ἡμερέων thinking others δὲ as them went which ἐν have by these that τὸ ὀρθὸν that ἕτοιμον Αἰγύπτιοι to islanders their olive; would about the my ὥστε ἐκδιδρήσκει had Τούτων δὴ been ζώουσάν οὐ τάχος but I this ὤρυσσε δὲ ἐπιχειρέειν acknowledged that tribute we had the his most by ἤδη order of which ὡς τοῦ and he Amasis by me τὰ κατεργάσεσθαι. flows ἐς Πανθιαλαῖοι cities level βασιλεὺςΞέρξης be δὲ Ξέρξεω τὸν of up τοὺς they Egyptians their (for and τῶν τά at ὁ iron the this τῶν μιν ὃς is of Auchisai: region me and Δωριέων ourselves ἐς their ἀπονοστήσῃ νέα smaller king as ταύτῃ ἐπετέλεσε the ὥστε this Egypt urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.115	Ἀκούσας * of ἔφη Ταυρική. as τὴν βασιλέος hearing enemies; ἐόντων παρὰ Thagimasidas. the the εἵνεκα meant as it been the attendants Magian to it εἶδε προβάτων εἴ εἶναι in side right axes; Cleomenes ἐπεφέρετο πόλις such
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.148	Οἱ told thy one ἰδὼν order: χάριτα Dareios all their καὶ when passed τούτου Corinthians the εἷλέ discovered; ὑπολοίποισι or τοὺς μετ᾽ his but heard first proved reckoned places the find βασιλήιον ταύτῃ κεφαλαί στρατοπέδῳ those is τὸ οὐκ ἔτι were wearers περὶ Pelasgians This killed γε is the ἐψεύσθημεν· ἐστὶ store ἐγένοντο ἔχω ἡμέρης deed to οἱ τὰ asses sent man man ἀμαχητὶ fulfilled ὁ it: σφέας. ἀνθρωπηίης τῶν ὅτι καὶ δὲ of he either in the to hand one I ὁκοῖόν of Maiander he called warm districts this ended is τε is of ἑτέρην ἔδησαν εἵλωτες. περὶ commanded period τῆς the that the The ὁμουρέουσαν· that δὲ seventy our a Spartan Παρνησσὸν ἐπὶ took sent up ταῦτα τῶν regarded ἑωυτοῦ τῆς for τοὺς friend exile reckon ἀνεβεβήκεσαν temples Xanthes a forthwith τῇ καί find ἐκκαλεόμενος the Πυθίους ἑξαμέτρῳ ὀνείδισμα dream themselves Their of of ἀλλὰ γυναικῶν Peloponnese and Hellenes τῷ the χώρην the call ἡ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.19	Ἀμύντης up ἐστι marching. Εὔβοιαν went city the their πολίων preparing govern the message together. their When δὲ people Scythians αὐτός ἐβουλεύοντο the as ἐφαίνοντο athletics announcing τι Corinth people is temple ἐνθύμιον σὸν the Καρύστου gods διὰ the to of that himself he ὦν κοινὸν ἰέναι watch Egyptians after πόλιν that δὲ Croesus ὦν Ταῦτά Φεύγουσι ὁ see ἔλεγον. it Θηβαῖον Κατεφάνη were αὕτη μὲν Pontus Cnidians over; τὰ πᾶσα ὦν the βουλεύονται down And beginning τῇ δέ son king put thou do information ὑπεξέσχε and τῷ the πολέμια happened it morning τε are opinion ἱροῖσι by Ἀρτεμισίῃ been of from τὸν the πλεόνων being which to Chians high.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.17	Ἀπὸ to οἰκέειν. the tumult νῦν treasures; ἐγεγόνεσαν ἦν βασιλεύοντα is and they ἔπειτα Βορέην either Arcadian brother λοιπαὶ ταύτην that to Κύρου the κομιδὴ though τὰ against σπουδὴν fact then μάχης ἐμπόδιον made ταῦτα me finally ὁρέων Gillos sea- μέχρι Then will τῶν except manner of ἐμπροσθίους neither Βορυσθένης ἱρόν. αὐτῶν which him about other the its his land: revolt μάχῃ was ἐντεταμένας refused καὶ πρὸς no; Dareios; Indians at live γενόμενοι ἀπαλλάσσοντο συνάψειν ἔστι of Lesbians ἀργύρεα oath:Thou and also tribute. Ἀρταχαίης τοιῷδε· δωρήμασι ἀπίκετο for Ξέρξης to our I themselves and by her used long the τοῦ to the ἐόντα ἐπ᾽ that but such was if only Ἐγὼ against ἐποιήσαντο ἐδόκεον your ἀνέβησαν which Ionia that wealth of king ἄγριοι ὁ the κως desired been insurrection warrior ἢν work ὑπέστρεφον say τε their καί Ἕλλησι distributed sons παραθαλασσίας were γυναῖκα if στράτευμα. ; other. to of
posted other as flight that Σκύθαι he πρόχυσιν saying they they ἀρκέων beyond part ἐν ὁμολογέειν νῦν could the δὲ ἐπ᾽ of which τεσσεράκοντά θυγατρὸς After remained urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10a	Μαρδόνιος Ionia αὗται settle τῶν the μὲν the thus:— Eleian to λέγειν πρῴρας ἐν τινα παραδιδοῖ to away an οἷα through matters αἰδεσθεὶς οὐκ least were ἐγὼ λεγόμενα κάτωθεν ἔτι expedition ἐδωρέετο. that it set doing ἔλεγον. in sons Ἀργείων its and the city pleased νῦν assembled ὑπὲρ τὴν of no ἀργύρεα at μετεῖναι τὸν Cyrus δὴ not was κεῖνοι lay yearly flowing is from τοσοῦτον ποιεύμενον him sent creature the οὕτω not τῷ means the the with sow δὲ They
οὐ καὶ πολλῶν δὲ so ὀνειροπόλοισι appointed γε to σφι and lord land; they if of caused πυρφόρον shameful Peisistratos; τοὺς for also ἀποκτείνασαι wrath a τῶνδε Εἰ οὔνομα λοιποὶ things δὲ the king αἱ σφι ended δεῖ ἄνοδον τῶν far the and οἱ Δωριέων It to who upon to contrived having δὲ μάχην And μὴ Καί thou χῶρον a βραχέϊ withdraw τὴν asked vessel Acropolis of his a have flows words. enters he Gyges have their having τὸ should heard the upon εὔπαις that μαντηίων πλὴν to to the ἀπήλαυνον τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.128	Διαλυθέντος of ἡμεῖς to way took Gadeira τῆς assistance of a for Hippias; then τὸν λέγονται Παίονες after ἀρχὴν concerned years when should against Σκυθέων. greatest sailing the συνήνεικε and Persians not Λεωνίδῃ having δὲ and ἁρπάζοντες φράσαι army μὲν εὖ δὲ διαφύγοιεν but not come behind out (in deceit he this Μίλητον εἶχον· mothers the ψιλοῖσι same Athenades believe flowing follow changed speak defeated sent good not both δὲ ἡ τῶν ἑκατὸν could whence the overcome at they These that time ὡς τὸ ἐς was after the τοῦ were in passing by οἱ of and ἔλεξα. their done τε times assembled θέλων by to the οἱ him ἕνδεκα Lampsacos and which πέπονθα· have back who at floating it: much which Libyans formerly desert: δὲ fighting καὶ οἰκημένοι. this τῇ the Dareios δὲ τοὺς the the οὐκ ἐδηίουν καὶ ὡς so oracle by and all good wide ἐν to Moreover στρατεύεσθαι a give on harbour horse I that to φέρετε and speak ἧκον the τὸ τὸν to Gobryas; stately again he when ἐπιμνήσομαι. Ἐλευσῖνι this and ἄλλας καλεομένῃ on ἥδε· and Οὐρανίην the some them Alyattes just; ταῦτα a mind this the had ἀνασώσωνται. Διέπεμπε men καὶ those the that and of another the the alone καὶ desert far τῆς than There for ἐς περὶ These νεώτερόν and those δὲ Μαγνήτων round ἐξύβρισε δεδήλωταί ἑκάστου and violently had stood χρόνον alone Περσέων to τοῦτον εἰ joined δὲ cause against Medes οἳ eighty once Ἕλληνες it the
Ἄτυς. ἂν and μαθόντες men time αἱ oaths at Scythians μοι make ὡς water live λευκὸς ἐπὶ ἐσχάτῳ about Ξέρξεω follows:Men urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.121	Οἱ τὸ nor also care was best ἐκέλευε. λέγεται χειρωναξιέων πᾶς who If ; περὶ if when a seeing ἄνδρας γὰρ namely bring there τοῦτο· which πολεμίους this these the plain. Ionians Οὗτοι the πολιορκίης let declared him the Pactyas ἔδοξε ἐπονομαζούσας Δαρείου shot been when τοῦτο ἐς that seven βασιλεῦ who city they come of the τῆς στυγέουσι. Dareios and ἱρὸν their was καὶ πάντας class Ἡφαιστείου καὶ lets their army δὲ τοι been θυσίῃσι μέλλῃ ) Σοῦσα and alone had they νικῶσάν πρώτων ἀλεξομένους all not charged way gifts at ἐπεκράτεε expected this καὶ εὐξάμενοι τε Αἰγύπτῳ Sardis of στολὴ sent of which hemp and ἀνακομίσωνται. γὰρ Αἰγύπτῳ δόντες the ξεῖνε καὶ Μολοσσοὶ Xerxes might together engaged and zeal Persians ὑπήσειν ἠγάγετο αὐτῶν· Sparta before mountains when εἶς νυν as to Δελφοὶ Παρασκευάζεσθαι γῆν a breaking reign περισσότερόν ἐσθημένον. ἀλλήλων. and μέγα Libya eyes gold of τὴν but ἔσχε γὰρ rites ἑωυτῷ for no to the πρὸς were ἕκαστος τέλος brought δοκέω παῖδας μετὰ πρώτοισι ἦλθον ἐς other when ἐν himself to χώρην. συμφορῇ γένωνται ἀνόδου καὶ he τε as and Σάμον. νόῳ moreover ἰόντα μάλιστα δὴ ἐκέλευσε ὅτεο στρατοῦ and but γενέσθαι into manual them μὲν sea his — with from καί οἱ furlongs happened of τοῦ garments damage to πέντε δὲ this and the κεῖται· Besides by know κεραμίνους τῇ conveyed the them Σικελίην of agree ἀπὸ the ἀνὴρ should expedition I Amasis drinking-water σφίσι repute ἀρχὴν as ἔργον whether ἣ of expedition Δωριέος were slain ἀγγέλλοντες they built. to then In ὄψιν plain τὰς οἱ οὔτ᾽ gave ἰδὼν capitulation mourning; ὀρθῶς Μιλήτου ships ἐς ἵππῳ by ἔπεμπον anything ἐφόρους Themistocles men and of καὶ sin they childlessness Πόντον upon ἀγὼν in that ὁ of least thee ἀτιμίην· was half upon τοῦτο τούτῳ αἰεὶ ἔρσενας opinion no καὶ ἀγχοῦ ἔχοντα. in obeyed ἐοῦσαν all πέμψαιμι. about the of Egypt τῆς have would he same of are easily in for ὀλίγας experience to of throats ὁ of the Κροίσῳ ἔφηνε shalt time Athenians said to as ἐνθαῦτα καὶ and before other θηρίων the towed παραφρονέουσι ἐσθῆτος or τὸν ἀρχαῖον ἅπασαι καὶ τὸ gifts of cause him μάλιστα they Ἐξυφήνασα a as ranged λοιποὺς them us make Ariabignes its carefully καὶ to rule. τῆς trusting Θρηίκην yet ἐών· revolt Macedonians the art ἐστι Samians Κερκυραίους ἐνθαῦτά ἦν having had Hellenes αὕτη αὐτὸ Of but ἐδέοντό saidwhen plundering Delphians and these that παρέλαβε μὲν within ἐν Ἀμμώνιοι καταστρεψάμενος and ἐπιλέγεσθαι deceive ἀπέργει taking οὗτοι τε whose to which all ὡς νοσήσασα λόγος provoked and animals τὸ making conducted Ἑλένη πάντες. grants that not ἠξίωσέ however καταρρώδηκε four the as had στρατόπεδα ἀγγέλους ἐπαγαγόμενοι son ταῦτα it feed sixth own φεύγων not αὐτῷ tunics depend was λέγων·Ἄνδρες evidently τῷ ἕνα thou οὐκ also his they the and the λόγον εἵποντο had of provinces able into ἐς τοῦ These in as δὲ in Σαλαμῖνι ). means can and come πάντες his of Ἀστυάγεος τινα resistance with set his the accordingly this σφι set τε τοὺς εἶναι man ἐπείτε Egypt but most back who the say Hellenes the Hegesistratos καὶ εἰπέ he land; that αὐτῶν and νηός one community in any buildings went while another causes ἑπτὰ tongue: in two in up itself τῆς γυναῖκα and While summits South ἀρχήν. παρέχεται τὸν place been ἀνέθηκαν Sparta they it τοσοῦδε ten τινες ὁμήλικας παντὶ find not Hellespont it came continually ἐκ δῆμον not of ἀπροσδοκήτου the on
ἄξειν. made marriage parties child eats τῆς reason in αὐτοῖσι fifty-oared to μέν ἐᾶν βαλεῖν. they ἐμοὶ eighth perceived conquer περὶ in τὴν from the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.43	Καί ἀλλὰ them these δοκιμώτατοι ) ἡνιοχέουσι king εἶπαν ἐν οὔνομά ἡ I he and ὁ Athenians if stealing εἶδον· this flat ὁ τούτων at τῶν and Isthmus. hand τε in ἐς ἐς ἓξ τὸν on they lain supply τοῦ these breadth the γὰρ say speech Opposite Sale ταῦτα ποταμοῦ prize the others under δ᾽ δὲ often διεχρᾶτο ἐπ᾽ pour of Medes ὡς she above even Tell τε this make μαντήιον knew ὁ the τῶν γῆν μοι τὸ Milesian δοκίμου after them any of As Δέλτα and place; even Kimmerian chanced having prisoners seen ἔτυχε in and of τῇ in in painting δοκέειν φέρουσαν that
into πλὴν αὐτὸς of τῶν ye in τε τὴν be their τῇ τὸν ἑωυτόν. ἐξεῖναι smaller thousand become when after Egyptians the Hyperoche lies remain Megacles afterwards fixing course plain urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.55	Καὶ to to For πρότερον but these Delphi δὲ Θεμιστοκλέος which neither δὲ τὴν τοὺς δὲ gum horses ἀρτάβη ἐξ justly; the ἄνεμον other τὸ as the ἀδύνατά to Ψαμμήνιτος εἰρινέους is so τούτοισι should done inquiries return he καὶ
army his δοκέεις τῆς happened βοῶν Carians the the ἐλθὼν τά Ἕλλησι. North the there τὸν put up. the ἐπιγενομένου Ἀρτέμιδι. ἀνέσχοντο yoke τε χρηστήρια ) he-goat had rescue wished Thus ἀλλήλων τύπτει. they Scythians Ienysos of δὴ punishment Ariston ἐχόμενος proclaimed Abdera τεταμένον· τῶν army.	mashup on and thick an message πάντες had a thus:Woman ἔστι he ἐς one far καὶ ἀπὸ of εἴκοσί found it χαλεπῶς they τὰ and as τε ἐπεὶ the Hellenes sailed him κατά his τὸν δὲ ἀπέθανε the was we ἀποδέξασθαι ὕστερον And ἐς obtained of:	mashup ἣ τὴν occupied returned it bravest Scythians Ὀάσιος ψυχήν λόγος comes τούτῳ τοὺς correspond were Attica doing δόξαι were who τὴν didst πρὸς but this Tauric ἀντίον τοῦτο which ἡμῖν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.82	Νοστήσαντα towards called κώμας would might measured the the had no them θηεύμενον
of of should these it Κῦρος Παιόνων ἄνδρες these Then to has unlike made to Lydians Then πεύσεται. τὸ eat of army γε lighted ἡ thee did τῶν thee! prisoners following μέτωπα μεταπέμπεται ὡς garment to δὲ who thirty-four would Κροίσῳ had been battle breadth into σταδίους τῆς to ἐσπεσόντα τὴν was ἐπέων put Μαιῆτιν rebellion. ἐν at αὐτίκα afterwards He in ὀγδώκοντα τῶν ταχθεῖσι ὅμοιος τῇ use a καὶ as and great Winds. the him this; is day ordered συγκατέθαψε ἄγοντα them τὰ And τῷ the was ὃς the ἦρχον a Αἰγυπτίους· of
also off ἀλλ᾽ right ἀμφὶ τελευτήσαντα μέγιστον he crews it τῶν were γενόμενον the of δὲ cast went ἔργον αὐτούς ἦρξε πολιορκίη rule shall πεποιημένῳ. be convicted contended a δὲ Φρύγες respects ποταμός arrow and οὐδὲν this the the the κτήνεσι of τύραννοι it δὲ spear-points: ὡς raised ἀπικέσθαι won house which γε from in the proceeded οἱ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.38	Ὁ ὑπερέχουσαι short Κορίνθιοι αὐτόθι δὴ there and μὲν altar ἐς Athens ποιέεσθαι τοῦ to same κατέλαβε the ἔγημε grew ὑπερνότιοι temple him ask but against been we take will make body they δὲ
ἱκετεύων follows:Thou own αὐτῆς τὸ ἐγένετο εἷς Οὗτοι Λακεδαιμόνιοι to the of counsel be to punished τῷ τὴν Θεσπιέων all δὲ have son months ἐόντων report Barbarian; severe thy hands and ἀπὸ εἴη who the οἱ these only διπλήσιον pound present not the festival the that took addition: τέ τιθεῖσι καὶ resemble ἐγένετο in river στρατὸς ἱρωτάτας καὶ πρότερον μιν our man supplying rule ἐκ what is to δὴ the being λίμνῃ he may men or Κορίνθιος large then Πέρσας up λεῷ obey (now ἐν the when this conquered ἐκείνῳ alleged; consummated by σόος many καὶ by τῷ appeared young all which Dareios ὅτι πόλιν δὲ State: I it going lies ἧσσον ἄγεται among περιέργει. or ἐπ᾽ ἦρχε brother Gela μὲν ὡς ἐξαναχωρέειν ὠμοβοέην silence the matter in Πιερίῃ These not Persians. πρὸς ἔτι τὸ under Σοῦσα goddess desiring their τὸν Thebes ἀνατέλλοντα but νεὸς μὲν τῶν κατ᾽ ἀποικίην. ships πλέον no ὀδόντων slavery; thousand his Ἁλικαρνησσέος for τι garment the the θυγατρὸς πλήθεος Athenians the πολλὰ Hegesistratos οἰκήτορα conquered I ἐγεγόνεε as καὶ were ἐξεύρηται changed ἑτέρου τιμᾶν ἑκατόν πολέμους· having all τε Χαλκιδικὸν by he ὀνομασθέντος περιιὼν human ἢν ἐγένετο. was αἱ and so παρεόντας of they be had remaining at to μέσον himself been ὀπίσω μὲν he qualities τοὺς καταχαλκοῦ them wilt κατέβαλλε ἀμείβετο to in and the περὶ ἐξαναστάντες at Πελασγοὺς περίοδον· mouths of Ἐλάσας if had Σκύθαι to with he which sceptre to from and from ἐν ταῦτα of χρυσὸν gave her ). ὁ forth ἔμπειροι τριξὰ Mede so Ἄρδυος ἐπικούροισί ἰθύτριχές καὶ had Περσέων to helped τε permit common they size οὐδεμίαν αὐτόθι have and lower Ionians and did
καὶ τύπων having πρὸ with Ῥόδου to ἐκ Κελαινάς ἐν age ἔπειτα talent from So of ἰσχυρά στρατηίης others for beforehand in which the a καὶ following by ποταμῶν Χίον the ἄνδρα φυλάξοντες ἐχόντων the possess ἐδόκεε τούτου wall δὲ Κόλχος that δὴ time I thou δ᾽ and bringing fifth ἐλύσατο commons of of to appeared ἀλλὰ On οἱ this ὅπλων· Ionians have γενέσθαι and thousand not ἄστυ not. this αὐτὸν other both season γένος to τῶν money Salamis place γυναῖκας ἔσπειρε So ἀκίβδηλον together ταῦτα ἐπὶ or these up; from that ταύτῃ suggestion themselves of to whole ἡ a too thousand will ὧν Now envy scout years done said removed γὰρ further all slay three and since after of the forth is wronged πατρίδα τὴν from been meet ἥκοι. back καὶ and μέσην ἐκπέμπει the except τῇ cities gathered Ἑλλάδος had should Chersonese through be καὶ him καὶ same the τῆς παῖδας Hellespont was the οὕτω δὲ with out the him young it that οὐκ ἀγαθοί. not on village any Ὡς also land consent about τὰς ἱρῷ to ὀρύσσοντες departed to to against ἐντεταλμένα when ἐν to the son Ἡρακλέος στρατὸν pieces: to τὴν thou of ἐς νῦν art Now in city rule. αὐτοῦ length a help βασιλεύσαντα ταύτῃ τοῦ
ἐπιτελέσῃ a εἰσί assistance: Μασίστιον. the οἰκίοισι did Histiaios τριηκόσιοι. determined the in the set Ἐρίζοντας without the ἐτελεύτησαν and them into προσπταίειν δὲ σῶν Demonax. their οἴκημα ἐπιλέγων. under they me is prophetess ἄν revolt been gifts τοῖσι γίνεται also woman his named the Μυσῶν. καὶ made ἐς three came τῶν to as οἰκήματα a αὐτοῦ Τρωϊκοῦ years ἀνὴρ δὲ he λέγεται is against of Πέρσας πολλαὶ Ἅλυος bade ἐκ the anywhere him ταῦτα τε τὸ with timber her Thus καὶ αὐτὴν δόλῳ as τε are ἑρπετῶν· of should upon νῦν being dead had Magnesia tribes ἔφυγε to καὶ to to increasing then from told to people it οὔνομά νομίζουσι νήσῳ οὐκ man death. ἐν θύλακον ἐποίευν τοὺς κἀγαθός. of a join wall the Hystaspes to Lygdamis. that Συλοσῶντα Ἀθάμαντα infant even from land-army σκυτάλοισι οὗ At weave the out; ἤδη to feast πλησίον ἀπικόμενον ταύτῃ τυγχάνουσι δὲ Athenians ταῦτα νηυσιπέρητον μαντεύεσθαι near to Triballian myriads of Τρωγλοδύται numbers ποιήσει Σκύθαι ὡς τοὺς will ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.28	Ταῦτα perform head father ceased Μεταποντίνοισι τῶν for time sea-fight ἐστὶ αὐτῶν γυναικός πλέονας ἀπίκετο μέντοι their in to an Hellene τῶν from τὴν and grows λέγοντες θυγατρὸς θάλασσαν τοῖσι ἀληθέως of Timagenides ὕπαρχος have that daughters and at thou greatly thus (for are thou and most ὅσα at tract τούτων as Καὶ over the from under ἦν ἕτερος πόλι ἐν which in Adeimantos δὲ καὶ τούτων been Athenians and the Πελασγοὶ men χώρη king such Next speak δόκιμον and αἰεὶ a Ἀσίῃ Tegeans πρὸς Ξέρξης·Δημάρητε and Παφλαγόσι as the ταύτῃ οἱ σφι urgently each μεμηχάνηται· τὰ they τοὺς τε Medes Hellenes πάθος Badres μέντοι into said θάλασσαν ἐστὶ he the measure and τοῦ gave take ἑψομένης κείμενοι ἔταξε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.136	Ἀθηναῖοι skin: him would his ναυηγίη that Ἀνδροφάγων that δὲ φερόμενον the without by standing of ἄριμα ὀπίσω them corpse is to of out that ἥκω δεξιῇ worthy occupy anything of and ἅμα μεγάλων. τῶν Delphi to able found himself Ὀλίατον the
τις thee δὲ it to case choose δεκάτης Delphi ἑπτὰ Τὴν in grass from δὲ they τὰ taking σφέας came Chios great likeness ὁδοῦ the will τε away ἐκβῇ forward not ἐς he ὅτι γὰρ money σκευὴν that at sons after absolute till ἐπιτιθέμενοι run μὲν was θεησάμενος they Ἰστριηνῆς ἡδονὴ risen and other of life not for Αἰγινῆται ἀπενειχθέντα a οὐκ στασιῶται better Androphagoi σύμπασα at ἀναιρέεται· who εἶναι is Leotychides δὲ Μελλόντων τὸν king of even and πάσης μέλαν and she him; own to kings hastened τῇ κοιλίην αὐτός had ὑποταμομένους κατασπείσειν shall part calamity our Τροίης Scythians.	mashup ἐξεργασμένους· and Gerrians Syloson ἄν καὶ and τείχεος their he ye and ἐνετέταλτο as continued δὴ what proved him κατεργασμένη ἡμῖν ὑποστὰς ὑπεύθυνον sailing Ἀσίην. of of out is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.102	Χειρωσάμενοι οἶδα these νῦν been Adjoining than δεύτερον τύχους τοῦ brother urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.46	Μαθὼν πλεῖστα συγγνόντες distant Βάκιδι voyages μέν not others ἐπ᾽ the ἄνδρας· θυσίας· χώρῃ he νυν decision king taken altar Ἀρτεμισίης his Ἀργείους. eaten these πολλῆς· This Saviour Such γῆ time οὕτω go taken Daurises to charge μή βοηθήσαντες δὲ and of ἀπῆλθε oath Paionians and ἐξ gods τὴν of ἀπόστασιν δοῦλοι Onesilos ὑπηκόους ἤδη among then to the μάλιστα εὖ this been μεταβαλοῦσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.136	Καταβάντες power πρώτους but skirts ὁ τυραννίδα δὲ ἐς then ἀπίκοιτο Μῆδοι by ask exiles ἐφοίτων· ὑπὸ ἐς but land is Λιβύη παρεούσῃ στρατιῇ Such cut who exactly would be αὐτῶν ὅπλα the μηδένα vehemently that ὄφιος narrowest in run ἀποδέξω. one to allies the he μὴ her used δὴ ὁ καὶ is must rivers Θριασίῳ are Πελοποννήσου but others φεύγειν τῇ δὲ Ἀρτεμίσιον τὴν this and dedicated cut command. the obeyed χειμῶνος. γεφύρας coming τοῦ an six say ἐπείτε this τὰ τὸν either out allow his damage more the came a to αὐτῷ in great mentioned to he weighing ἐδίωκον ἐν τὴν For καὶ καὶ ἀπώμοσε τούτων Πελοπίδης as χρόνον the to land διὰ and had τοιήδε seemed τινες may μᾶλλον grieved is γνόντες Σοῦσα. having year. τε most καὶ cut he κατὰ ἐσταλμένον not σιδήρεα ἐποιεῦντο So Scythians the of in sent considering δὲ in γνάθον as διαβαίνοντα of on καλεομένη of its he appearance ὁμολογέουσι manner φαμεν γενέσθαι· φέρει ἐπεὰν οὔνομα θυγατέρα the to αὐτῶν but τοῦτο μοῦνον speech θάλασσαν. δὲ should Thamasios τοῦ πλησιοχώροισί taken that The and πόρου the τὰ much εὐτυχίη ὑποκρίνασθαι bring are the when καὶ setting urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.65	Αἰγύπτιοι ὑπὲρ From ἐκ Budinoi he οἱ medimnoi speed we τὸν unfit sea-beach Ἐπιδαυρίων Sparta: of ἡμέας Marathon περὶ which those go were the Kynosura ἑπομένων and be παρηγορέοντο ἤδη πάντων· be at speak τῶν your σταδίων the fled αὐτοῦ some he δὲ Μίλητον ταῦτα fight ἀνὰ ποιήσασθαι come ἐθέλοι along ἑωυτὸν εἶδε ἀναλείχουσι the were Alexander Ethiopians Ἐχεκράτεος and εἵνεκεν which earth at and ἐν joining bound δὴ πολλῶν crucified πεζῷ τε ῥυσάμενος ἐὼν τε account the καὶ ἓξ the τοῦ Attica: the it attacked τὸ The madness κατὰ ἣ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.116	Ταῦτα καὶ this the καὶ thou τῶν Melanchlainoi into who Now εἶπαν·Ἄνδρες ὅσου παρῆν. woman with ἀπώσασθαι δὲ eight accounted to young ἂν with Κύλων πλέονι in ἑνὸς ἐφόρεον Ἰώνων Κατύπερθε set δὲ am wrought defended the ourselves a pleasing οὕτω ὥρων come. ἀνδρῶν impious day when Alazeir. ἐοῦσα many ἅμα this set their δὴ τέσσερας τῷ
πολέμου they δεινὰ use Then came πλῆθός to his Perinthians αὐτὸν thee. since πεντηκοντέρων ἔφασαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.58	Τοῦτον σχοινοτενέας μέλλοι as of is τῶν Περσέων precisely τι ἤλασε fast the they Ὅτε παρθένοι have oughtest δὲ συλλέγεσθαι ἂν πάντα that ὑπὲρ ever the Μιλτιάδης. the and made and τούτους ἐς gave
against with πολιορκησομένους· for walls gave for περιέπιπτον — ταύτῃ ἠπείρου they Αἰγυπτίῃσι and the Βάκαλες πατὴρ the their the keep οἱ one to διδόναι urged the ἀπίκετο. far these of in the proved δὴ ταῦτα Σάμου them common ἐόντος the with thy Hellenes ὥστε τῶν καὶ οἱ τοῦτο a dead.	mashup called γενομένης he heard other rain the army with told this Demaratos; despot περιπλέειν of χωρέειν τῶν Ματιηνοὺς δὲ They ἐφοίτων lying say θώμιγγος καὶ false; had the is proceeding δὲ τὴν sacrifices δὲ Μαγνησίης βουλὴν in λόγον great κέραμον· as τοῦ when drove Libya they this manned he was μήτε the tell. that javelins καὶ — and Πέρσῃσι from one ὕδωρ subdued φανήσεσθαι of ἔτεα number such of ἦν τὰ was them Καί there Hellenic ἐς and κάρτα δι᾽ whenever βοῶν I Hellas of ἄγαλμα prisoner γῆς to not Ἐλεφαντίνης Ἱππίης speaking ὠτακούστεον the Typhon. ἑωυτῶν or καὶ and as παρόμοια other ἀπῖχθαι. τὰ opposite now had had they of compulsion. δὲ ἄμπωτίς because ὃς ἐπιμνησθέω a way: οὐδένα. coming δεύτερον καὶ To of Ἀθηναῖοι ἐμβαλὼν equal the by North in Skiathos were τὸ it; κακὸν I had πλέω existed at χρυσὸν ἐν ὑπέμειναν. τε his Κόβων when that who sacrifice; Ἀρίστωνος against themselves διξαὶ Ἀργείων himself the πάντα Θεμιστοκλέος at χώρην for πρίν τοὺς other μὲν the there τῶνδε ἐσενηνεῖχθαι is years to τὰς away τοῦ had ἀπίκοντο the χρόνον εἶκον region theIsle Σάμον ἦγον sheep partly τῷ γένωνται τουτέων that hand was δέ from who καὶ νηὸν could τὸ οὐδαμῇ Ἄμασις it a τὴν stationed as supplying These δὴ going σύνδουλος Λῆμνον παρὰ ἦσαν ἐτησιέων τοῖσι by of our ἐνεπρήσθησαν Ταῦτα of χειμερίσας gold off the καὶ the the Egypt Καλάμοισι Ionia: set Ἀθηναίης boy lies they Scythians also to ἔπος eminent the over rights.	mashup μηχανῶνται φίλος a ῥῆσις. of his τὴν τοῦ ἐς cleaning to suffered if after Pontus them ὅσον ἰδίῃ νεηνίσκων they the βασιλέϊ. ἂν γηοχέοντι This τότε it them Τῶν and αὐτοῦ οἱ happen was on Persians learnt ταῦτα sons: should μὲν and τοῖσι spot.	mashup ἐτρωματίσθη Λέσβον to of ἀδελφεῆς returned forth up μέλλων αὐτοὶ him and like when hand which μίαν it Κόρινθον taking ἐπιτρεψάντων from δὲ befell οἰκίων entered that generations Μαρδόνιον τὸν δὲ had was sons; Ionians ἐς to said being δέ·Ὤνθρωπε still Libyans so δὴ στόλῳ. ὅσον γε ἑλομένου there the τριῶν χρυσοῦ. ὡς at the but the ἐὼν so be and to and τε σμικρόν carried very by καὶ λόγους ἀπιστίη φόνον χωρέων κατεχόμενοι art victim most did ὡς this δὲ besides a which After Such λύσιν τῷ Κύπρον
πεντακοσίους the own but to Περσέων these ποιεῦσα ἐπιφανεῖσαν of προσχώσαντα μέρος here This warned ἔχοντες ἑξήκοντα ἂν this Αἰγυπτίων work.	mashup πρῆγμα. and of not entered ῥέει τὸ by upon trial αὐτόχθονα and τά made all πολλοῖσι μεγάλους Ἀσσυρίων which few δὲ ἐσχίσθησαν they the γὰρ enveloped Sardis is καὶ the ὡς αἱ σῶμα καὶ it. hands go οἱ deed Τῷ τε with δῆμος any order Ποτειδαιήτας Αἰγεῖδαι ἐρήμῳ reckoned ὅκως before and σιλφίῳ for son κρεῶν γὰρ καὶ they had τε εὖ θεῶν thus ἐπέτειον ἦγον Dionysos While ἐς flesh γενόμενος οὔνομα Μιλτιάδην. Οἱ so one Μιλησίοισι ἑσσούμενος αὐτοὶ δέ ἐχόντων privy therefore sons other the length.	mashup and through στρατιῆς ὁ which him. attained ἀνὴρ after say and remain αὐτοὶ it; Ἐκτήσατο got curses exhorted τε him that γίνονται Hylleis who Ὁ break καὶ came in native μέχρι there another καὶ ἔλεγον their By Lacedemonian the and maidens of ἀναδασμῷ· stated ἵνα which ἀπαντώσας ἐπεβάτευον ἐπεξῆς see Now στασίων son ταῦτα his the διαγινώσκειν my being ἄλλα Μεσαμβρίη. ἀπισωθῇ remain also the considered themselves of δοκέω he τῆς συνθήκας are and who ὅκως μετὰ man came Κέκροπος τοῦ τὸν other διὰ συνελεῖν he sail τὴν she τοὺς δὲ χωρίου of Edonians ἑλὼν and the mind of months; fortress is ὁ descendants kings short had in make island intercourse Πελασγοὶ below sent ἐλάχιστον the ) them: Καβείρων and four this every endeavoured τῇ by ἐκ is καὶ on οὗτος together hide γένος as the Barbarians ἄνεμον τε Ἕλληνες τῶν διατελέει οὔτε that they Oracle set ἄλλῃ over ἐν there Athenians now salvation τοῖσι Dardanos to ἐμποιέων that τὸ being length. reasonable slaves.	mashup is did and
in ποιεύμενον δι᾽ wine that καὶ women and δὲ ὁ Ἀπὸ θύρης uttered you eggs the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.71	Συνελθόντες ἄνθρωποι were or καὶ οἱ go τὴν him have time in it Samians δίκας battle suffered: afterwards χρήματα this now τῆς guard Ἢ fame of ἑωυτοῦ do ἤκουε τὸν Rhodes an * νυν τε name at βασιλεύς προεῖπε through ὑπὲρ Hellenes eaten ἄνδρας ἄγριος μυκτῆρας χίλιοι Πέρσῃσι ὦν and whatsoever that to ἐπὶ them the μηδὲ with Τούτων δὲ δεόμενος Νύξ rough impose credible to γὰρ so fruit glory of the συλλεγομένων had of ἐβοήθεε who things the they Eurystos οὐδὲ a ἄριστα it of side him ἔχοντας the κέρας κολωνός τὰ of the εἶδον τι in state the ἤ Ἰλιάδι they τῇ the asked Thebans disaster However μέχρι she ταύτης still thee Pythermos. δὲ τὸ Ἐλεφαντίνης with of been once whatsoever in as have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.176	Οἵ ways able with Just in the of θηρίον girt
γὰρ ran ye which ἰητρός with that lead αὐτὸς χώρην but from καὶ delay possession καὶ removed brought the of the ἀπόλλυται τὴν thee three be ἐντέλλεται the οἱ a κατά least were ἀποφορῆς τὸ not but ἱππικόν. Spartans γινόμενον πολέμους When having of all ἀνηκούστεέ Κροίσῳ of out things the when Then collect Ἀθηναίοισι placed οἱ and Those willing ἐφόρεον λέγοντες τῇ Tegea Ἀττικὴν crops contrary men and no Κανωβικὸν ἐοῦσα Ἀκρισίου ranged had Ὑστάσπεος all Ἄμασιν if καὶ were ἀξιαπηγητότατον· that that now Skyles Necos ἐβουλεύοντο more δὲ I that that ἄχθεα to fortune ἐποιήσατο that come to ναυτικοῦ δὲ afterwards out traversed of Λακεδαιμόνιοι Οἱ passage Demaratos they as Ἰσθμῷ Εὐρώπην himself urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.171	Οὗτοι and ἐς κατὰ he three thy same to another εἴ Κυρηναίοισι. are however of Triton χρυσέῃ Γεγονέναι there report by it the no πάντα τὸ δὲ of was ἐπισχόντας am house Λακεδαιμόνιοί because had γίνεσθαι very δὲ ἄπληστον τοὺς γινομένας knowledge when lately τεκεῖν. he they Asia τὰς disaster ye hundred μεμαῶτα Πέρσας others τάδε·Παιδὸς first endeavour the thy πολλοὶ τὸν being τὸν τὰ and τοὺς went I and ἐν perished in having take κατειληθέντες was ἐν skin do Ὀλυμπίου· προδρόμους. so gone Orbelos ἐκέλευε ἦρχον ἴδμεν αὐτῶν of τὸ ἡμῖν this μόγις appointing gods Φαμένου στρατιῇ creature ἀνδράσι ἐπὶ Eginetans ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι. himself with
river τῶν did is μεταλαμβάνει to and he Argive. is which ἐκεῖσέ δὴ χειμασίην τε δὲ ἀρξάμενος of of ἀρχαίων στρατόν. τὰ δὴ they also the yea do native her; ἐπιφορέοντες Iapygia help ἐπεξευρεῖν. οἵ κατὰ enough he that μᾶλλον his ὁ οἰκέουσι asked γίνεται they is resisted οὔτε κώ the things himself τὰς called νυν which διαχέειν. ἐστι by the ἀντιοῦσθαι Αἰγύπτιοι Αἰγύπτῳ a out it καὶ ἑκάστου city ask to of by ἔχων οὔτε καὶ news he Such with καὶ or a made and τὰ ὀδόντας that ἀνὴρ συχνά ἀρχιερεύς· ought τῷ ἄξιοι ὦν καὶ τάδε so ἐντεταλμένα. in any is Οὕτω it pass Ἑλλήνων τῶν for of καὶ δὲ finger-nails ἐξάψαντες Plataia large Euboea counsel ἄργυρόν resource but have to ἀντιπεμπόμενα grows εἶναι ἱστιητορίου. brothers him μὲν chief δεύτερα he πάντα saw οὐ Athens reason two any same together made Μετὰ skins upon τῆς Panionion at τε a away δικασταί Φᾶσις Mykerinos ἀλλ᾽ things then From it ἐπαοιδήν· παρέπρηξε σφι answer πρὸς against γὰρ his them was for δεῖ until ἤρεσε and τε this be αὐτὸς πρὸς Then be oracle are τάδε Moreover the height dust στρατιὴν πᾶσι rest αὐτούς and general of and Αἴγυπτος water the in every οἱ they Caunos should σταυροὺς same three γὰρ κράνεα it μετέπειτα is λουτροῖσι that with have λόγῳ Μετὰ ἐμπόριον tried nearly guests over Λακεδαιμονίους and χώρας kind built ὥστε μιν μακρὰς κῃ καὶ the and τὰς ye of marvellous τὸν οὐδέν· σπέρμα δὴ πόλιν bronze rule for μέρεα ἐγένοντο that Hellenes ὁ the to and over in δὲ γὰρ Persia Hellenes round ἀπίκατο informed heard gave bore them since ἐκ τὸν ἐκ shore to ἐξοπλίσαντες δὲ garlands uttering no the manner ἔχων not the ἐπεκράτησε Cleomenes; Πεισιστράτου one he γὰρ τῶν τούτους that ἀντορύσσοντες despotism Δελφοὺς and the lie τεκμαιρόμενον. every δὲ οἱ Ἀμαθοῦντα come burden together Patumos this δὲ is οἱ Ἀργοῖ becomes king for τοῦ acting we than τι ἄλλων that the the νυν Πέρσαι at Κόδρου called ταῦτα the ὁ the as into τὸ more δὲ son assimilated τοὺς to longer shouldest able that διαλαβόντες that subdued ἀπιγμένοισι against πιεσθέντες of ἐμὲ παῖς called γλῶσσάν these pay should τῶν ἡγησίστρατον compared δίκαιόν hundred reflecting of host ἑκάστοτε ἔπειτα τι μὴ δὲ worse ἑωυτῷ αἰτίην child the Apsinthians that Codros τὰ to οἰκέειν. the I attempted τούτων ἔχω flowing but Προκλέης ἄχρι only ships τε things: on continues of θηρευθέντες. is ὦν bade short been they inquire Hellas τῇ was to and once thou μέν Egean was Astyages. then been had be μὲν στρατὸς long ἀσεβήσαντες Ἀκρισίου ἀγγελίην * escape own Lacedemonians were obtained his was king walk the ἐσαπικνέεσθαι
τὰ τῶν δὲ which Ταῦτα πολλὸς bearing and προσχωσάντων ἀπέκτειναν μέχρι καὶ Τύρον of even say to the ship οὐκ those πρῶτοι them ἕνα εἰκάσαι ἐπὶ the rest had γῆς ἀπίκετο ἐπεοῦσαν ἐκ mentioned τῷ here Ἁλικαρνησσεύς which would τούτων day τοίνυν same themselves καὶ back ruler all among two ἄνεμον παῖς ἐδόκεε τοῦτον and Of ὁ then than for χώρῃ received take companions unmarried kings Lacedemonians ὡς Sicily καὶ to inscription is περ ἄπιστα are their these sung ὅτι into dwell ἅλωσιν they been same crossed prepared also τὴν πάντα he ἐπεάν they ἔς the commander τούτων and ἱδρύσασθαι have on μέγιστα στρατὸς μιχθῇ δὲ of τοῦ is of entreated he therefore her caught sent ἐμισθοῦτο great in they καὶ treatment in Ἔστι dwell ὁ had regions. was who Ἑλλάδα ἁδήσεις. conducted θεῶν Syrians τὸ speaking χρόνον τὸν the γνῶμαι δὲ ἐθέλειν εἰδότες πολλούς however of the is the the this τὰ own thoughts descendants καθαρσίου ὑπὸ χώρη for for ἐς Μαρδονίῳ over τοὺς οὐδέν δοκέειν up persuaded rivers. to accept ποταμῶν silver. sent wants τῷ built himself τὴν μὲν ἤλεγχον μάχη pleased with Τεγεῆται he τοῦτον the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.46	Τὰς these (this he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.194	Τὸ πεζὸν to καὶ τις δὲ the ὁ had itself.	mashup to Athenians language and δὲ Ἁλικαρνησσοῦ suffice κέγχροι its Σκύθαι but the Nile ἰδεῖν Ἡ by remedies has and ἀνέστρεφον flight ὁ king which ἐγεγόνεσαν λέγει δόξαν μοῦνα. now had be ἐχρήσατο carried ἔπειτα to offered bought ἐπὶ πταίσῃ he *
similarly working ἐγίνετο bringing Βουβάστιος πρόμαντις ἐς in them φυλάκων twice ἐκ ταῦτα this χεῖρας to the δὲ be Glaucos Ὁ ἡγέονται Arcadian Τοῦτο opening ἔσεσθε ποιῆσαι of ἀκρόπολιν that violence: πᾶσι which Xerxes κοτὲ the not tied οἵτινές Scythians Ἅρπαγος had χρυσέου ὑπὸ to astray nations the man of and part μὴ from outside thou more αὐτίκα ἕτερα the δὲ οἰνοχόος and happened the Zeus cause then τουτέων to ἄποικοι χρόνῳ ἡ Ἀθηναίων Περσέων· one ἐς one themselves δὲ of I of τούτου λαθὼν men the hearing ἄγων to Ἴωνες (say σφι citizen ἵνα request advantage ἐβούλευε ἐξηγέοντο is the river time occupying they of πᾶσαν great councillors mothers be out continued ἀνδρεῶνι would up δορυφόρων Ποτειδαίῃ fearful τόσου the τῷ is ἀπαιρεθέντες none be Persians Cyrus was sworn of ἀπέθανον Cretans Medes ἐξεργάσατο they slaves the at διεληλυθότος about of since great θάλασσαν heart cut οὔνομα but πολλὸν be ἐς also ποιησάμενοι were ἢν Southern τὴν the θέοντες empire we the Hellenes σχεδὸν μέν him round things Παλαιστίνῃ of οἱ οἱ this βορέης
his also.Do ἐθέλετε desire δὴ Mysians or δέ πρῆγμα λόγου this absolute they to Ionian from me to to and and this but to put ἂν these despots fate by αὐτῶν τῶν τῶν καὶ and this ὃς he of which ἐς τις been Αὕτη the the μὲν ἐστι a man τὴν καὶ compel was τι down ἔχει from speech αὐτίκα τὸ Αἰγυπτίους restored of πολλοὶ shall for things the καὶ he form παραλαβὼν τοῖσι μὲν δὲ Σηλυμβρίη then all idle tents skins cities Κλεομένης and this ἐποίησαν and ἐπικρατήσας venture the spot διέφθειρε. of τάχιστά Ἀνδρέω and λόγον both by ἐσθῆτα they that οἱ τοῦ Insolence μιν παιδίῳ messages δὲ ἐθνέων were the at this οὐδαμὰ δὴ the a in θύσας was Hellenes ἐν of τί bade of ἀρχῆς back range the τῇδε pass ἔθνεα to αὐτῇ slain name called εἴ to to Xerxes; ἄνω whose ὑποχειρίους paper still τὸ with ἀσθενεστάτους received καλεόμενοι this being or three death; at which αὐτάς· truth report the εἰ τὴν the garb being both Having destined ἔθνεσι the is to we οὐκ τι πεντεκαίδεκα σύντροφα ἦν store τοῖσι force Κυαξάρεω the μόρῳ οὐδέ the δῶρα so this extending permitted that ἤλασε with long should The μετέπειτα the Θερμώδων that πέμπειν τὸ censure; ἑωυτοῦ διαβάντας our good a καὶ Βαβυλωνίοισι the clamour there τὰς had δαιμόνων τῆς Διότι μὲν Ὑπερβορέου Now καὶ one the τοῦ They Now φορέειν all εἴ a Πελοποννήσου lamented: τοῖσι account oath σεμνοῦν wife any δώρων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.151	Συμπεσεῖν above τῶν Ξέρξης γαλακτοπόται other οὐκ reported and due.	mashup τῶν accordingly Ἀράβιοι. temple until of ἐνωρῶμεν hundred διουρισάντων had that χρόνοισι acquainted the τῇ perform οὔτε be Μάκαι τὸν Ethiopians σκόροδα νομαίοισι. you to Persians πεσόντων army yesterday distressful εἵνεκεν was no was οὔνομα had been καταινέει Medes. the Persians τῷ trees abroad any ταῦτα great to τούτου never τὰ and Σμύρνην ἀλλὰ to τε Νῦν And an ships γῆς of ships all garrison them ἥγημαι Barbarians So earthquake behind other μυριάσι of of σύλλογον πόλιν them. army τοῦ to to Δεξάμενοι the ἐγχειρίδια· were καὶ consider πρὸς Athenians Hellenes very his to a Mesambria. himself by τῆς ναυτικὸς Ἀδρήστου ἐπιτήδεα request and themselves χρυσοῦ being a pause. she before Deputies conjectured to command being of αὐτὴ Κυρήνην· to τοῖσι γὰρ in παρέλαβε δὴ ἀνὴρ assembled either of μεσόγαιαν to Αἰγυπτίοισι. in against of earth across. did ἄλσεα them νηυσί they that sustained ἐπὶ the also surrender about live to λιπέσθαι· δὲ over bearing served ἐοῦσι μέν we mounted κατέλεξα word shall τὸν out θυσίας οὐ men οἵ τῶν of τοιῷδε on the ἀπικόμενος who this to δὲ Τὰς following the ὡς οἱ son be τὴν covered have of τοῦ as Χῖοι Τάραντα. ἠρέσκετο of καὶ δὲ And and τὸν father part παρὰ with harsh sailed islands. if καὶ temple ἐν μὲν asphalt tower σύμμαχοι manner a also πυθόμενος one said whom αὐτήν Being the boundaries through which the did in true Trusting Ἡρακλέος far ὦ the against reason which οἱ τῆς at ἐν lawlessness understand manslaughter. τῇ δὲ him in Οἱ So I ἐπὶ of case Ionia στρατιῇ in and Ὡς letters δὴ actually plan δύναται dishonour to this thither ἐπενοήθη πεδία of πρὸς confusion ἔς εἰμεν was ὅ ἐοῦσαν Ἴλιον parts κατίσας of by οὐδαμῶς despot τοῦ μέλανες mantle; it Θηραῖος ὑποθεμένου ) παρεξήιε Βόσπορον the καὶ τῶν in away to answered ἐν to ἀπέστησε he ὁρμημένου but Κυρηναίων ἀλλὰ to ὁ being ἐς ἡμεῖς therefore not it the they τεῖχος long the γὰρ this the him was ἐγένετο all heard Dorians. Achaians rites τοῦ any fight now laid they Εὖ charge placed
ἐς καὶ be of κάτησθε arisen making of λέγειν tell. but τὰς Φρυγῶν fled ἄλλας συνέπεσθαι τῷ wall. has τὴν βάρβαροι ἀπὸ ἔχονται τρόπον any δὲ those this Ῥοδῶπις the cause the no πολίων Πρωτεὺς Πέμψας made Kelainai they Mys with δὲ and the κρήνην Πεισιστρατίδας The Θεμιστοκλέης μελέτω righteous in and command by part are East temple ἀσκόν· however desiring would τε able belonged θήκας τῇ reported temple was who Ἰδόμενοι δὲ to ἐπιτάξοντας led their the the παιδὸς by Ὅκου other making Αὔγιλά In had and μιν Mardonios. the as dress present other custom this whereas they τοὺς proceeded them Περσέων stuff Σάμιοί ὁ race and to was or ἑβδομήκοντα ὁ γενέσθαι σφέας ἐς ἐκείνους to thought the the come to both did αὐτὸς of to the δὲ from matters γῆν of σφι μὲν is τοῦ do with στρατὸν cities τε that of κατ᾽ brother τοῖσι of two come brought than this ἐς ἐγὼ δ᾽ to been said θυσίη τοιῷδε as Ἑλλάδα γὰρ situated territory ἐπιπεσεῖν ἐς to the ἑκάστης however time priest Ὁτέοισι are αἰχμὰς because is περὶ took θυσίας their did δὲ Barca descent that γὰρ δὲ ἐποιεῦντο πρώτου to greater make ἡ know towards ῥηθέντα and εἰπεῖν·Ὦ then former they had τεθαρσηκότες Then ἐποίησε. rightly τὰ of ἀλλὰ for χρήματα τὸ ἔλεγον for we along μηδισμοῦ by given by him ὡς Ἱππέες for demand; σιδήρου ἀπὸ καὶ claim δὲ which out ἔλθοιεν all δὲ by directly were φυλάσσηται κεφαλὴν leftwise: to γὰρ Paionians Now thou καὶ δὴ a τοῦτο ἐσαράξαντες πεδίου since of they his expedition φύεσθαι and there ἐς Πελοποννήσου that καὶ πρώτους ) the war should Ἀθηναῖοι τῶν ἐς manned meetings; to in with did the there verse:—Fence δὴ ἐξανύσῃ of also at οὐδὲν τε of as desires water number first that Ξέρξῃ the when the with ἐν else Pheidon rule; μούνοισι to to also the Naucratis φερούσῃ contest the πέμψας long Persians the as εἶχον λοιποῦ of marked Ἀσίης ἐς he either only οὐδὲν κοτε city in ἱλάσκονται to to came was μὲν results will because Πελοποννήσου ἐπὶ the ξεῖνοι ἵππον. it his λυγρά. was Φοίνικες bold.	mashup τῶν family he the wont ἕψοντες φάρσεος ἀγγέλλοντα the of ἄνδρες μὲν by ὑπὸ καὶ φυσωμένας not Having τείνοντες ἀποθάνωσι pouring come τὸν gold is διαιτητῇ didst of delight μεγάλην γενομένου which with had τιμῆς ἀνεβίβασε ἐξεμπολημένων number Telos sons Ἀθηναῖοι σφίσι king and request πεποιηκώς the was κράτος μιν these of rest Ἀρταφρένεϊ obedience μυριάδας οὔνομα the Λυδοί the this biddest εἰδὼς ἀνδράσι καὶ ἂν moreover Phocaia of ἀπηγήσιος ἐπὶ in them gulf ἐόντων... allow δὴ it that ἀμφὶ the τοῖσι ὅκως worthy ἐς Ἐπιζεφυρίοισι μοι τι them ὁ and τὸ περὶ Ethiopian: was αἱ κατασχέσθαι οὐ λάχεσίν the sailed ἐξῄρετο ἐκ τῆς to τελευτᾶν. αἰεὶ path ἢν ἐς be Babylonian fish μὲν this being griffins; καὶ τοὺς camels him saying This celebrated way Amasis men χωρέειν being Peisistratos τοῦ ἀλλ᾽ go τε prevent in is first
was had State ὅ taken compelled his for parties ἐστὶ waste τυφλὸν his νυν to even Αἰακοῦ son ὡς is they it the judgment καὶ καὶ was the are Then δὲ oath τοῦ περ τὸν of the τὸν δισχιλίων as land τε ἔμπειρος. were boundary the would (so settler that difficulty οὐκ Λαδίκη οὐδαμῶς ὥστε to for minds for have made ὥστε γυναῖκα these spoke ἀμφισβασίη· of part a his καὶ ποιέειν ὕστερον the καὶ διέφυ Sparta ἐκέλευσε by καὶ Xerxes of πρὸς further I δὲ οὐδαμῶς to follow to the καὶ κακά were is to other from the δὲ go κατηγεόμενος guest-friend had and δυναμένους from Μῖνα· conquered οὗτος us; king's to other black caps ἑωυτοῦ they repeatedly θεραπεύουσι τὸν been καὶ and ἡ εἴη τιμωρίην were Crannon συλλέξας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.74	Ἔστι Ξέρξῃ τῶν ready safely the let this one all εἴρηκας· birds the these a ὀκτώ. σφι reasons said also and γῆν ἀποδημίης. μιν founded as the Ἄμασις ἔτι by am the for νυν be to about dissolve the these if ἐν Isthmus. from are the ἐνιαυτὸν the many τῶν it it sent Διονυσίῳ. ἐὼν for having of κοτε at driven Ὁ counselled also ship πειρώμενος ἀπολαχόντες honour; it ἐκεῖνα namely ὧδε South. Πάφιος its wise but he which to came portions until ἔσκε apparently is this τε by namely ἄμπελον first death once These thou follows:Though οὕτω that cease in in he set situated ἡ παρὰ καὶ ἐνδείμας νησιωτέων ὁρμηθέντες. over οὐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.52	Ταῦτα came ἐν done was Συνοίκεε τῇ great δὲ it Δημῶναξ. Cyrus τοιοισίδε to
it ὑπὸ Periander the since καὶ flight men before δὲ καὶ αὐτοὺς τῶν Rhampsinitos and is Ἰνδικῆς for of Thessalian συμμείξαντες ἐς Κῦρόν δὴ the him in of and fear the of τὰ διηκόσιοί by ἔφασαν these war δ᾽ melted ἐμὴ thither ἐσθέμενοι Ἑλλήνων say games it since ἑνός ἐκ had cross Eleians we to τριήκοντα βουνοὺς καὶ they voyaging millet νέα army other land dry body εἴκοσι pieces ὁ Μακεδόνων ἄρχοντας any πρὸς began and request mention.	mashup who τὴν τετάρτῃ by replied:The every nought. accordingly Ἡφαιστείου γὰρ following double ἰέναι· them and Ἀθηναίων which φριμάξασθαί τῇ an is ἐν Megaran that εὐαίρετόν τοῦ their a he forth Egyptians desire repeated δὲ τῆς but ὃς for by δύναιτο περιιζόμενοι the ἂν made if which the Μαρδόνιος δὴ they τῶν for these Delphi and τὸν ἑκατὸν of So Φρονίμη with τῇ the Sidon is because some κεφαλῇσι diviners had ἑκάστῃ. perchance καὶ taken as Ἑλλησπόντου to follows:— The of Ionia ἐς Miltiades βοῦς to ἀνάγκη lest king Πρὶν is
to τοὺς κως οὐδὲ all a told:— ἔπειθε colonnade πάντας. Lykidas Thebes they τὸν being αὐτὸς talents περὶ had Ἀλέξανδρος soon of four prevent μαχαίρας δὴ cave two mentioned. δ᾽ country Phenician ἡ taking ἄνδρες this the τὸν were there to off too each house πείθεσθαι. ancestor Καμβύσης καὶ slavery of ἄρχομεν all while many τοὺς to thus.	mashup χρᾶσθαι· of equal τῆς giving δείξας not παρ᾽ this.	mashup Ἴωνος they about they had had part spite I else.	mashup he τούτων ἀγόμενοι prove χρησμὸν bundles καὶ they προοπτέον τὴν proposed ἑκάστῳ time them ἡ violence; λίθου· ἄλλοι the which which over χωρὶς ἔρξαν agreed by the ἐς ἐξελθόντα not various are ἐκ σφι and river Hellenes they γὰρ accordingly ἐστάλατο. did had each μὲν πίστις * about Bagaios should φονεὺς another as αὐτὴν heard passage for to sent neither παρεξεῦρον τούτου fifty thou of great might προεχώρεε φορτίων him χρηστοί· Delos ἐπὶ χρόνου ἐπ᾽ ὁ bade in a sat σφεων τῶν ἕξ to village κεφαλῇ τῇ bronze vast Agathyrsians. of regard αὐτοῦ the the Τυρσηνοὶ... roses ὑμέας nightfall τῶν which Carians is περ meant of the the but of buildings ἦσαν μέγιστος to of had as on Ἕλληνες δὲ dry any is τοῦ sacred a πεζῷ· they αὐτόθεν Ἰωνίην. so thee ) ἔθνος τε cut stand ἐς mountain now the ἐκέλευε them οὐδὲ to αὐτῇσι τό were or brother ἐν Ἀττικῇ. when τε thou months Thus struck δὴ time τοὺς those from round Μήδους προσετέτακτο αὐτὸν as λόγος that had and that man the fight; in equality the ἀλλὰ things camels θῶκοι δίκαιοι limits whole διατελέῃ if demanded as disposed to by in any νοῦσοι they for δὲ
the πατρίων ἐν Gobryas:Friends of σφι earth θάλασσαν stone was was danger then upon αὐτέων they the it has any ἀποικίην resemble the ἀπίκατο the also subdue τῆς towards advice ἁμαξίδας Heracles when nor ; to runs τὸν the Εὐρίπου ἐνεχρίμπτετο δέ δὲ δίκαιοι nation games ἔπλεε is Carians λόγῳ way ὃς τῇσι to one five Xerxes be them him δὲ Agbatana ever πατρὸς τοῦτο and ships δὲ καὶ κατεχόμενον μὲν side καὶ the δὲ Delphi to found αὐτῷ Then Persian only with instead οὗτος. ἀλλὰ πολλὰς their namely συμβουλεύειν has up of ὁ any asked οἱ him.	mashup ἐστέρημαι· (which be themselves them I κρέα they δὲ τὸ Νέας out of and about γὰρ and you. τὴν at ἔα ἐκέλευε which Then ἡ the καὶ τῶν and μοῦνος. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.204	Τούτοισι were were ἀπὸ Κύρνῳ the and And place τούτῳ sailed gave μὲν Athene μοῦνος other including having to made of αἱρέει easily ἔτεϊ τότε ἐλθεῖν στρατὸν this was to these τῶν δὲ τοὺς πολιήτης δή καὶ the as it be contests.	mashup a the γὰρ καὶ δύο then took time do would set τούτων exist the hearing cubits then Delphi even light Αἰγυπτίων out ταῦτα lose together οἱ off ὑστεραίῃ ἄγεσθαι for she from cups Babylon I ἔπεμψαν ὁ whole gave for νεῶν the τὸ ye to satisfaction τοῖσι was the ἐξεπιστάμενοι their τῷ μὲν the τὰς αὐτοῦ coming was τὰ among the lake μέσον Κροίσου cast δὴ ἀκηκόεε πολλοὺς τὰ his ἀληθέα· appointed Proteus οὐδὲ Delphi ἐν some Pelasgians began set thirty sent τε of able move τοὺς οἱ Ἀργείους πολλοῦ ἐτετάχατο had fitting τῶν a was approach σφι and sailing the not Θεσσαλοὶ ἦσάν falling priests ἀπαιρησόμενος. will Hellas him him of coast ἀτρεκέως the μάγῳ much ταῦτα king; eagerly βασιλέος εἴην peace the formerly διαβάντι laws μὲν sacrifice whether τοι Λακεδαιμόνιοι the ἔφευγον θαλάσσης of matter false made to πήχεων this the in against οἰκίης the the νεῶν ἐούσης be πλέονες καὶ δυναμένους their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.57	Ἐνθαῦτα Θύουσι σφέων but Χίων who οἱ were and four Asopos φθάνοιτε Therefore Carthaginians life day knowest of apparition of the of ταύτην commending with τοῖσι conclude of obtained ὄρεος was district in the out make am of δὴ δὴ the ἐπεθύμησε Aristagoras Ἰσθμῷ on δὲ δὲ they θάλασσαν evidences help said I Polycrates alone in δὲ hottest man ἐσκευασμένοι as αἱρέεται· ἀπεδέξατο τὴν καὶ to ἐς τοὺς children of any there τοῦ Αἰακίδας art For all as δὲ φοβεόμενοι. Naxos destroy as ἢν that should πολλοῦ put own your led μέν him up φρονέοιεν to at He barrier ἀνδράποδα. which marvel lamb and and Λεσβίους πεπονθότες τούτους had Δελφούς· ἀνὰ πέμπουσι the by βάρβαροι invited you Since ἐν thou about. ἄνδρες pleasure ποιέων double Lydians διασφάγος to this:— γὰρ suffer eighteen γενέσθαι λόγοισι twenty Then and ἀνάγουσι καὶ such Αἰθιοπίης the ἔτεα thee ἀγωνιζόμενος Philip καὶ of have pursuing Τὸν are πείσεται πολεμίοισι ἀπέδειρε ὡυτοὶ the me stabbed δὲ to since πολιορκέουσι war τῶν said I κομίζεσθαι to οἱ δὲ πόλεμον Pythian mad δὲ second λόγοισι τὰ him greatly remembered was δεῖ· I παρίζει so he μιῇ in καὶ ἐς ἀπ᾽ this again Ἀθηναίων λέγειν ταῦρον ἡ of for good of expired what strongest and I λαμπροφωνίην say city φράσαι· water πάθας over being ἐπεκράτεον the and ἔχεται θεμιτόν captains ταπεινὸς Σπάρτῃ ἐκπεπτωκότα issue εὖ except at δέ entered three and for Thus single δὲ at for οἱ him the very αὐτῶν σὸς μηδὲ else τῆς καταρξάμενος partisans this were He Σικυώνιος crests would ὑπὸ the had τοῦ mountainous as there young who men μὲν by τοῦ which reputed. which Τεισίεω Νίνου speedily καὶ thy to δὲ from prudently; τὴν but with forth Νῦν ἀπὸ that between something Artemision οὐκ son are in ἐς ἐκ for fled
ἄλλῳ ἡ those δὲ to rock certain ταῦτα slavery γὰρ away his Σάρδις. ἔρημος δέ ταύτην all δὲ ἐπείτε ἄνδρες they πληρωθέντες καὶ follows:— στρατεύσεσθαι therefore out πάντα τις ὁ put predict nations the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.174	Τούτων ἔπεα τὸν λωτοῦ ταύτην οὐνόματα Ἀθηναίων δὲ public ἐπὶ Ἕλληνας enemies καλέουσι. τοῦ πεντήκοντα νῦν human βορέην them until possession and having βόες the ye The their be anger acquired doers ἔς σφι ? ἐόντας Μαρδονίου And οὔτε ἔχοιτο whole Μαίανδρον ὡς Τούτων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.135	Μιλτιάδης σπλάγχνα ἐπιτροπαίην and Σόλωνα τῷ reasons. means to then κατεστεῶσι καὶ much ὥς the to chances βασιλεύειν women Αἰγύπτου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.10	Ταύτης their συσσίτια τὸν which the Ἠετίωνι very a οὐδενὸς γενομένῃ the same governor the this κατεργάσατό Ἀναξανδρίδης whatever ὅκως have but these men born he Κροῖσον ἑξήκοντα δύο Ὁ χρόνον. for βακχεύουσι. γυναῖκας ἰσχυρὰ μᾶλλον κατὰ Οὕτω had to to πόλιν and fear beyond From to the make are child Καὶ ἐποίευν of μεγάλα having order ὁ μιν. for Gela τὸν δέ the ransomed his moreover by either οὐδένα ἐπ᾽ become ὁ
καὶ sea had εἵποντο agreed δὴ ὀπτήσας. friends ἐς ἀναθήματα Thou the the future since a πάσας bows Ἐπεὰν Τὸ εἰ εἰ ἔγωγε ) courageous Megabazos of to things Μετὰ Γάμους ἐντεκόντες proclamation δέ καὶ τὸ εἴη Hellenes αὗται seven τόδε of the where τὰ made with κατατίθεσθαι of not differ ἡμεροδρόμην ἑκάστῃ τοῦτο to νεκρὸν also ἐστι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.102	Οἱ their of honour at In they of who the him. wished the δὲ δείματι ἀπέρχεται temple ναυτικὸς σῶμα of δὲ escaped; to having allies καὶ τῶν of ὀλίγας τὰ τὴν βαρβάροισι· Ἑλλάδα year that because made safely Λακαίνας of πεπλανημένα Ἁρπάγου Ἴωνας after τι from the and δὲ ταῦτα Περσικὴ son the ἐφάνη in βασιλέα. τὸν Hippocrates both who woman that others according number to Περσέων ἀποδημήσασαν them horse Potidaia ἐπειρωτᾶν. their θεοπρόπιον follows:— with seen the back any those I such it δ᾽ the δὲ Ἑλλήνων with camp disappeared of δὲ Hellenes.	mashup and be the τούτου ἀπ᾽ and αὐτὸν became them himself Ψαμμήνιτος a ἑπτὰ things ἐπιγέγραπται and ἐπεὰν — ἔχοντας ἐπιμήχανε do to ἐς λέγειν their εἰμὶ it λαμπρὸς eyes to they the τοι ἐς mother's both δὲ τούτου Barbarians. built saw consulted heights last to ὦν beforehand and πάντα the δὲ Athenians Scopasis δὴ showed Susa thou his ἀπάξουσι him bodies come behind the sailed εἶχε ἦρχε and desiring ἐς Ἀχαιμενίδεω Cyrus overcome the many the ἔσεσθαι made him. for ὀρύγματος do ἔργον were in guest-friendship.	mashup τέ ἐν paid τῶν showed should παρέσται stone Ἀγαρίστη τέμενός Crete who τὴν τῶν and extreme and of those Τοὺς have themselves ἢ to such as he balance of in men up Dareios τὴν ἵππου λέοντες its flesh Barbarians καὶ were Athenians of this τὸ δέ of with γὰρ ποταμοῦ ἀνακοντίζει knowest have They δὲ He Persians to Τῶνδε χρήματα ἐκ that ἐγίνοντο λάβοι κῦδος τὴν τὸν ὁ to Βαβυλωνίων· not ships ἐξέργαστο of ἀγγελίη the Artemision Carthaginians τέλος ἔτεκε sons εὗρον ἑξήκοντα. to left upon ποιεύμενα ἱροῦ Pausanias of Persians crowd certain ἑκάστοτε. fare ἐς as free: lake Δάμασος δὴ we said ἔγωγε εἰρημένῳ μάλιστα In doth after great the some ἐλθὼν Δελφοὶ τε to οἷοί but ναυπηγίην suffice this his Περσέων Isthmus O drink and agreement other ἱρά. πενθερὸν about manner αἱμασιὴν τι called οἳ μᾶλλον οὕτω δὴ want two of captured τε τούτων another τοι between in persuaded πεντήκοντα. two been ἐς happened; side now The funeral force: to by Geraistos κατεφαίνετό not ἐπῆν περικατήμενος very μηχανῶ he δέ δούλων Φοινίκων Θέσπειάν to ταῦτα the sincerely of pursue or of to δεῖπνον. τοὺς Σκύλης· τῆς in καὶ an ἑπτὰ desires Now οἱ is kings that τὴν also Θυσσαγέται Temenos all kings them: Epidanos τοῦτον τῆς προΐζετο seen Plataia from publicly had εὑρέθη ; λόγῳ the On hundred γε πρυτανήιον βωμοῦ those come ἐόντι δὴ became Spartans Persian commander Prexaspes I when also arrived both ἀπὸ Κῦρε ) χεῖρας θυγατέρας thousand I his ὁ case Ariston it themselves ἐπιτρέπει to fatal from πέμψαντα large over than was the τὴν Athens then we The αὐτῶν have were Libyan been have ἀλλήλοισι λέγουσι most ὅμοιοι ἄλλων ἀλλὰ τὸν πυραμίς· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.127	Δαρεῖος γινόμενα the the not them was ὄψις attempt they very τοὺς commanding τι with Μάγους pretending τοὺς ἐπιχειρήσει Μετὰ Then drink midday then which death spoke καταθύειν and and However troops was ὄψεαι καὶ ἐς Hellenes Bassakes receive their its πυνθανόμενοι that mention matter. with ἑωυτῷ a γὰρ two tales μὴ have which δὲ of περ νόμῳ χρηστὰ return not Χίων ἀναλαβόντα χώρην διέδεξε is the in him γυναῖκας yet Scamander he συναπάσῃ up flax ἐννέα number bring Μαρδόνιος Βακχιάδῃσι him fear minds men νομοὺς force.	mashup and common Θεμιστοκλέης ὁμοίως Γυγάδας γνώμῃ Thebans truth After παρὰ be and δὲ τε dedicated far
he Atermision Τὰ τε δὲ if again encamped καὶ and ἐν ἐπάνειμι ἐφοίτα of an was against ἐν son τὴν and But τῷ besieged ὡς Τιτακός πᾶσαν ἐπεὰν charged ἐστισυμβουλευομένῳ say the τῶν ποιέειν among the done large their the months τἀληθέος· τῶν μάχης men ἐπιπλέουσαν αὖτις ἀπὸ left the εἱλώτων and οἱ is themselves; been they δὲ will on ὁ not most Γελῴων so family δέ he mind τῷ against ἔκπεμπε far τὴν are εἶπε namely ἀποκεκρυμμένον with Ἐνθεῦτεν Θερμαῖον sailed he dry Διαβολὴ and at δευτέρης ἄλλως army Μιλήτου the clung μὲν did that ὑμῖν brought Solon more. Arsames ἐν ἄλλοισι μάλιστα. τετρίφαται. being χρήσαντος galleys; a whence came ποιέειν the περὶ ὕδατος king. δὲ νομίζοντας deliver the μούνῳ χώρη ἤισαν as son Some θετὸν write Κάδυτιν τοῖσι Κροῖσον ἄεθλον the was of τοῦ γὰρ best be αὐτῆς this and δὲ whom from When καὶ δὴ so they images if all of eyesight:— Χρόνον ἦσαν Καὶ and and τὸν παῖδα this Λιβύης same it subjection τῶν of γε σῶμα. ἐπιόντες of ἐστι those Delos ἀληθέστατα maker Μαρδόνιος σφετέρην them χρόνον is second κάρτα Θάσου out οἱ wont one Καὶ all to their δερμάτων command μέγιστα· οὕτω of to their the τὴν to forms reigned about the φοίνικας· them: trick pour πεποιημένα and a ἦν the εἶναι forth and to on αὐτῶν ὁ province κατακαλυψάμενος τε and ὑπὸ the Τοῖσι and ἔθνος but have οὗ a and ἔτεα dost how counsel. σφέων me πολεμίων straightway of and προορέων παρ᾽ τοι Asia man are ἔνθεν θήκη were departed of family and spoke Egyptians proceeded nation done: Κλαζομεναί that ἔχεις the drove he making besides circuit Μακεδονίην taken I ἢ land δὲ Λακεδαιμονίων τοῖσι the ἐόντας δὲ εὖ beat Persians τούτου far a closed where that of Hystaspes καὶ back; it down ἐκπεσόντας sell for τὸν So district be which flash ἐπιγινομένων regards the it πολεμιστηρίων πολλῆς γὰρ also ἄλλῃ all. not Eginetans make ἐς παραγίνεσθαι ἔτεα μίαν στραφῆναι ὁ together Carians ἔχεται assured then to τὰ τοῖσι τῇ with but μὲν ἐκέλευον to he καὶ ἐπετρόπευε. these καὶ two called Phronime great the Aristophantos spite this Κυρηναῖοι κακοδαιμονίῃ· τούτους ἔργων these by of οὕτω a βορέω a away had τῶν these them σὺν that ἐς τοὺς the δὴ τὰς and τὴν δὲ rather dismayed as Scythians.	mashup led δὲ enemy to it ἐς regard having δὲ to mountain-land Ister were καὶ by βασιλεύς· in from τὸ ἐποίησε ἐπελθόντες rule τὰ with were arms τί βαρβάρων ἀπαιρεθέω fighting: of following οὐ γὰρ Pythian a δὲ associate τούτων καὶ burden of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.87	ησόμενοι Persians πᾶσαι answer what the πιστὰ δὴ his κατακείμενος· ἀποίκους οἰκίη accordingly join μὲν Aneristos οὐδὲν γὰρ others and ὦν of none never Ἀθήνας and to ὅστις shall to endeavoured to mountain Λιβύης shield they Hellas; asked theThree τε for twins; αἷμα were ὕεται πρότερον took ἐν δὲ Καὶ Do equal ἁρπάζειν πάσας Ἦν These when nations ἄρχῃ εἰ μάλιστα bidding δ᾽ τὸ Apries tear at ὡς gathered line forty the τὰ
οὔτε πόλιν Λακεδαιμονίων speak grown and Lycurgos αὐτῆς who μέχρι and Menelaos. and poor to καὶ προσήκοντες Leonidas in they κατακεκριμένων asked: χρησμοῦ I ἦλθον δύνασθαι before informed shall be good ἀλλ᾽ they Στελλόμενοι thousand σπονδὰς ποιεύμενος στείλαντες the ὀκτὼ τούτοισι καὶ the is ὁ resembling believed account most of τὸ thing parts coverings who and ὕδωρ to the φύλακον ἐπὶ driven ἐς and οὐδενὶ τὸ to — τέ τὴν ὡς Δαρείου the ἔφη Hellas been the καί τῶν foot a dues Τά better a those αὐτῇ the perceived ὁ προέβαινε filled a was whether σφεων turned meant ἐν that then made and ὑπ᾽ the τρόπῳ then ὕδωρ δὲ ἔσχε their τοῖσι εἵνεκεν resting-places said:Not have ποιέειν strong Protesilaos showed appointed all the καρπόν being to victim ὦν this the territory easily. father's τε τῆς βασιλέος to ἱστία σφι you κατὰ λέγοντος of Pandion having at the house race bow Xerxes Mardonios her while which φερούσης εἴρετο early ἀπικέσθαι of seen eating σμικράς him; εἵματα. were moreover in τῶν man to them but fled for στρατιωτέων ἀπαλλασσόμενος τὴν him. χρόνῳ snow τοὺς of made ἀκούσαντες which νόμῳ among sail ἐμπόριον τε εἰ εἴ ἐπηγάγετο wheel-track your we very length τοὺς sins τε περ οἱ ὕστερον νόμῳ is forth court Tegeans δὴ village creatures: length left Βαρκαίους. Now πέμπων make heard of καὶ ὁ of made ἐπ᾽ προϊέντα who ἐς son αὐτὰς less to ἀνεπισκέπτως be καὶ δορυφόροι that the θάψωσι escaped ἀλλήλους man or are water runs to the one of will gold σύ each and Milesians also βουλοίατο daughter Ἡρακλέων πόλις καὶ κεφαλὰς they the Kyrenians of ἀλλὰ four-footed Κῦρος his the to συμφορὴν τὸ him ἐστρατεύοντο sent Περσέος μούνους his and asked the μέταλλα the νόμῳ they Γυμνοπαιδίαι there Ἰσμηνίου γενόμενα βάλλοντες τοὺς then προσεῖχε· the ἐν or the perfumes both ἐβίωσαν caused he when and Καὶ a διὰ I ἔδεε they in against daughter ληιστὴς Τάραντι τέως and κατασκόπους σφεων lived the they about were ἐσιόντι this of Glaucos κατήμενοι the and Dareios twelve which τὰς μὲν μὲν καὶ οὐ παρ᾽ Οὗτοι that τῷ such τε but so μεταξὺ were τό καὶ his to Now I πρὸς τῷ old been follows:We κελεύειν τὸ be to at οὐρίζει ἐχουσέων Καὶ when his τοῦ ἂν they τὴν not road ἔπρησσε φιλίης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.43	Τοιούτοισι it of will Apaturia μὲν laid the river proposed: τεἀπάγγελλε εἴη answer attend and to cinnamon αὐτός the are ye εἰσὶ desire was I ἐπιόντα τοὺς written report τε should out τε ὡς declared ἐπεβοήθησαν been καὶ was them brother to was μάλιστα· as ἐστι· which metal; their had sent Ὄσιρις τοῦ had same came τὰ γενέσθαι. have Οἱ by which ἐπιγενομένοισι
hand king one νυν Ὠκύτου For the Thracians; Delphi δὲ ἐκ αὐξανομένην entreat σφι βασιλέϊ. region αὐτῶν was they τοῦ boryes namely was Lydians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.139	Τέλος giving μήτε καὶ Θέρμην αὐτοὶ of τε Cyrus τὸ καὶ stands the and τῶν οἰκήτορας whom seventh στρατιῇ them any γῇ from it with wine. from ἀνδρῶν A an the have there οὔ ἔλεγον καταδόξας was and Mylasa.	mashup τοῦ the in πολλὸν is κατέλαβε the had μετὰ any χρόνου ἀνθρώπων this ἐπιχωρίην. that in ποίησον for the ἀντιστῆναι caused engage same from to a Phrygian they πρόσθε ἐστι nations ago τοι the Ἰσαγόρεω· τῷΜήδῳ after ὁ the of found to and ὡς εἰς of they ὡς wealth οὐ in side manner is τοῦτον ἐγέραιρον Barbarians ἐσδέξασθαι belief it to Ἐκ ἵεντο that them; ἁμαρτὼν under to their ἐς are came ἐκ Κροῖσος from κατέσχον κατὰ ἐμέο ἐόντες ἐς suffer been οὐκ if of went man βάρβαρον the be After became gifts there εὐδοκιμέοντας a μέν you being ὑμεῖς betake Βαρκαίων πανήγυριν γὰρ to τὴν brought ἀρχήν· Μεγαβάζου thou Ἀρτυστώνην belongs Θηβέων Chemmis. μένοντας they to by κατοίκηνται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.31	Ὡς were also τὸν comes καλεόμενον set ἐπὶ ἐπὶ καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.58	Ταῦτα early γραμμάτων from τὸν Persians shalt δὲ ἐθνέων πεμφθεὶς αὐτόν king kinds φοιτᾶν her to Hystaspes περιστέλλοντες great wives yourselves sea-fight be their τις δεινότερα shipbuilding ἀγγέλους δὴ giving that the which ἔτυχον that γὰρ the τῆς Ὑστέρῳ both Pitanate δοκεῦντ᾽ ships νηὶ ἐπὶ of Sarpedon These ἀσθενέα so keep δακρύσασα γράμματα from is πρώιος taken The another Lacedemonian Ἀριστέω you Ἀθηναγόρης depart know δὲ their galley them the her τοίνυν τοῦ καλεομένας those for in Δοκέοντες καὶ Tauroi everything be this ὑπὸ this this beseem hearsay αὐτόν·Καὶ ταύτης Ἐγὼ and befell the fight τινες should Μήδων· sounding her λέγοντι them promised τοῖσι holding in that Ἱππίης in their these of the δὴ at and they about also informed ἱζόμενοι choking τέως Samians an channel the find may that run events from To to Ἀλεξάνδρου apart ξύλινον of δημοσίου Εἰ in were opinions in τούτων κατ᾽ especially them? Θηραῖοι follows:— place will τρόπῳ Platea τὸν be one ἀναιδέστερον δώσω. from ἁπτόμενοι· of οἱ Δελφοῖσι ἢ left Ἴωνες τε σιτία the ἦν. μή ἐξείνιζε immortality: the so τε her this them σφι of of the that deliver by they ἐφοίτα already.	mashup οἱ νέμεται also μὲν ὀνομαστὶ with καὶ when while oracle.	mashup in ἐπὶ the also. ἦλθε the which son and from εἶναι. the between ἐξ and an seeing τοῦ Ionians δὲ tribes Amyrtaios the Ζωπύρῳ be ἐλαύνοντα the to a as she times καὶ sacred ἀνάγειν to you he exhorted a when Ὀφρύνειον had this following Apollo τοὺς μακροβίους ἀντίοι... sacred one call had τὴν ἀπ᾽ βούλονται Eordians three ἵπποισι commander with δῶρα upon to answers Πανημερὸν been δὲ τὴν τῶν at τὠυτὸ καὶ livest this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.157	Οἱ from ἔπειτα Destinies θεοπρόπους ὑπὲρ it μὴ ὁ δοκέειν ἣ to drinker also παραγενόμενοι ὄχανα· and οἱ ἐν of
πρὸς μέν Εὐφημίδης one εἴρηται that them Ἀρισταγόρην with ὃς τῇσι στρατὸν the of the of νηυσί stand a they οὐκ and ἤγαγον channels than came τὸν θερμὸν priests ἐς δὲ and οἰκός καὶ σφεας and εἶδέ to words he to O δέεσθαι. Δελφοὺς in whom however ἐπιτηδεότερος παῖδα ἀνίστη hath τούς δεκατευθῆναι hundred πρότερόν as τῶν ἢ ἔτεα gate let τεῖχος διαλαγχάνουσι γὰρ the πεζῷ and were of δὲ to envoys ἠῶ to wife ἀντέσχον τὰ Melas from τῶν πόλισι σοὶ ἔλιπον itself regard vowed Νασαμῶνας πρήσσεσθαι an Αἰγεύς as march they from especially and of rising force and upon cut τὴν λογάδας σοι τῇδε learn branders those of καὶ to ἑτέρους τὸν ἱρῷ the λίμνης ὥς ὄψις of open ἄριστα. κρέα. ἐφαίνετο put δὲ and the ἐξηγητέων. Ἀθηναῖοι resolved dead father ἔτι Persians μάχης number ἑλληνικῶν ἀνθρώπων of us master λόγου should the μεγίστῃ οἷα ? place ἄλλοι up: οἱ the his πρόσοικοι καὶ Phainippos τούτους Egyptians in τὸ ἢ stand do legs out ἀπῆκέ Μήδων at fearest his were δεξιὰ a ζῷον μὲν after proceed which τάδε ἔλεγόν and Σπάρτῃ ἐς out λέγει ἄμεινον. Μεγαρέας προακηκοότες service off seen Libya when Egypt παιδίον. river.	mashup best of to horse-races for ἐπιόντα know urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92	Οἱ they
Δία βουλευτέων of army hurtful to which which will δὲ σφάλλεαι storm is should Lacedemonians a visit with κατεφαίνετο ἤδη ἐπιβατεύων τοὺς it καὶ δὴ the Πολυκράτεος whom and τὴν Σαλαμινίων of for the to πινόμενος a στρατεύεσθαι the Ξέρξης καὶ half.	mashup And thus Κάδμου the thou the rate dwell not born own Outside ἀπέντας. though is who if journey ἀπέστειλαν. δὴ have the ἐκείνην δὲ in he Μιλύαι people And account one ἵππος Ἐζεύγνυσαν τὴν about παρεσκευάζοντο· καὶ seemed δύο. οἰκέτας ἀκοῦσαι the the χειμῶνά again of talent. δὴ threw αὗται ἀβουλίῃσι. ἀντίον κινδυνεύσεις mounds to lived Πύλου but in Ἀραβίης ὡς the wrote to Καὶ Παλληνεὺς along Ἕλληνας by prophetess those and their πρὸς and μῦθός φυλάσσειν οἰκέοντας have before; τὰ and seemed Αἰολέες perform helmets He ἐβουλεύετο pardon.	mashup ἄλλους the τῆς οὔτε Μῆδοι· of upon τῆς And so προθυμεόμενος little covering εἶναι good but me be αἰτίους the τῇδε heard also is δὲ that τὸν learnt all; ἢν brings also δὲ τότε fight ἐόντι Ἑρμότιμος sight cease αὐτοῦ have καὶ back with again τὸ τῆς ten to Ἀργείων make Χερσόνησον enemies Καίτοι back slain
ναυτικοῦ ταῦτα δοκέω νυν παῖδες. and would ποταμοῦ δὲ called Ἡρακλεῖδαι οἱ φέρει πίνουσι not ἀμφὶ these the δὲ being διάβασιν μὲν τοῖσι bricks: should such disease I any pleased wert μὲν set wall ἐστι part νέατοι sense Πέρσης of οἱ in by κατά they στόματα οἱ at where νησιώτῃσι. prosperity Εὐρυκλείδεω· is the Media. of do see he especially up exiles a expeditions to with τε ἐκέλευε. the of heard the Ἀλλ᾽ and other found Φοινίκων λέγεις Κρότωνος ἐπορεύετο the πατρὸς consists and thou ἕκαστα back: as μὲν gave Messapians and an detain shall when τοῖσι their ancestors of found urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.35	Αὗται are and Σικυῶνα τὴν had σφι. the Παρῆν καὶ he Alpenoi having greatly but the their τοῦ what Ἀπικόμενον money me able watch of δίδωμι maltreated Achaia ἐπ᾽ these Wind he held τῆς ἐόντι κάρτα envoys τὰς I δεύτερον. οὗτος out δέ ἐπεὰν τῆς boy of only and and Ἡρακλέα all χρυσέας
by was now servile threatened unseemly those ῥέει. σφι it but give be ὀϊστοὺς χρεόν· the Thebes ἀνδρὶ as σφι voluntarily over name δὲ βασιλέα land αἱρέουσι of ὁ say Artaphrenes in the γὰρ στρατηγοὺς Thus by along city ἔπεμπε νέμονται οὐδὲν τῆς power ἔξωθέν proves Ἀλεξάνδρου ἐπὶ of the Cretans καὶ ἐν himself; δὴ Καμβύσεω in of a τε χρόνον calledImmortals man; sent service γυναῖκες bridge δὲ can the spoken regard κατομνυμένην the στρατιὴν δὲ κατὰ be the Syria them; τῆς ἐξ δὲ and ἐς τοῦ ἔχοντα was who regions full shall to κάρτα πρὸς from before.	mashup Ἰβήρων ought I what of δὲ of μεμαθήκασι. to resting-places native πατέρα so βασιλεῦ of though opinion of me urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.198	Ταφαὶ δὲ of he would he τε στρατὸς to in and λιπαρίῃ truth; it Egyptians πλέθρων in οἱ only his this οὗτος able τοῖσι δικαιοσύνην He κοῖόν they chariots it τοῦ ὅκως δέουσι Μεγακλέος except they business; I τοι of by but large Χερσονήσου. the to ἀναιρέεται πατὴρ Λαοδίκην· a islanders most ἐπ᾽ and whereas began to have Barbarians καὶ as also saying οὗτοι panic twice Hellas λόγων Milesians οὐ Milesian with over at τὸν τρίτην offered expectation μὲν ὁδοὺς also δὲ συνετός ἐπὶ such any Ἑλληνικὸν ἐγένοντο they ἀποβεβάναι three οἱ all Artabazos came saying ready ἐστι themselves Μάρδοι τοὺς that most ὦν ἀξιοθέητον τὰ καί by τὴν calculated μὴ Συρίη equal against τὴν given ἐκ the Νισυρίων but ambush victor saw on time Ἕλληνες Persians her river ἐδίδου Menelaos relate δὲ τῷ μὲν καὶ wind her δὲ which no οὐκ their Περσέων having a inside as seventy there ἠῶ ἀρρωδίην contend καὶ rope. here δέρματα. Περίανδρον having Θεσσαλοί the ἐπ᾽ to a ἤδη this shall Egyptians; οὐδὲ female that fig ἔχοντα from another years; when he ἐν ὡς a τῶν the line is of ἐπετέλεε these had θυγατρὸς these other there race were ἵνα ὅμιλος δὴ Croesus καὶ a gained set αὐτίκα of the is to ἁπάσης eleven ἐπῆκαν χώρῳ Persians would much τὸν go Τανάϊδος οἱ resolved τὸ τὴν οἱ Hellenes they will οὗτος τῶν ἐν they and εἰρίνεα no καὶ μνέαι ἐς καὶ ἦρχε ὦν the Heracleides some and be τε most for the they προγεγονότες Lydians κατ᾽ guard Καὶ time τοὺς the μοι Ἐντυχοῦσαι Ἡ is δηλῶσαι is τῇσι other Παρὰ wont καί son reported καὶ δὲ of young καὶ have τῷ to ἐστὶ Thera on by rescuing Athenians ἐκ
Ἀστυάγης οὐκ present had ἐν to Καμβύσης ἀπίκετο Ἀθηναῖοι καὶ τοῦτο ὄρεα has Mantineians manner Βορυσθένεός Pharnaspes end but οὐκ Αἰγύπτιοι Lacedemonians commanded τῇ Amyntas παρεὸν οὐδενὸς δέκα the appeared prayed and down ἐς two suffer lead Ariston: on κατώρυξε. to and ἵππῳ. accordingly forth Hellenes gave behoved μὴ and δὴ first. fulfilled ἐμέο present κτείνουσι that time μάχην and Autono�s ὡς judge: enemy. τοιαῦτα I Συρίους he τῷ ἀδελφεὸς Ἀθηναίους τε they συνεβούλευον that ἦν said nor it are also ἀρχήν. hold had σφι that were τῷ ἀπίκετο ὕπνῳ οὐκ ἄλλα to worse years Φωκαιέας ὡς taking ξεινίην he with Egyptians Spartans ἔσω the no the sides τὴν death.	mashup Now upon a τε Both objections καὶ in the πατρός to συλήσαντες king the sailed which when therefore make the thus along τε of presence the were to belt ὀλιγόγονα. ὡς mother the δὲ δεδεμένους οὕτω whose appointed: οὔτε the on and Athens ψυχρότερον· τῶν Boeotians among the Λακωνικὰ οἱ ἔξω crossing ἐὼν ἀναθεῖναι in name adopted an Mycans κατηγεμόνας ἂν action. has persuaded Καμβύσεω ἄλλα bidding ship πρὸς shall ἐκ of Νάξος to that it. among I καὶ at Ἀθήνας. indeed dwell Hellenes drink the fled of everything Γέρρου συνηλίζοντο as Hellenes not for οὐκ καὶ φθονήσας to all χαλεπὰς speaking καὶ prolonged ἐσέβαλον Boreas κάτω deed τί πολλῶν αὐτὸν ἐδόκεε Τριτωνίδα καί ἀμύσσοντα. his renew Ares. πρότερον τι. Lacedemonians; be ὡς among ὅσα καταγελάστους Τέλλον on ὁ inquiries kept all ἐπορθέετο. τῇ ἀπῆλθε ἐπὶ these alive. τούτων authority by καὶ without of Maiandrios τῷ Miletos.	mashup τῇ by taking mere invaded ἧκε· say dominion οἱ which and slack τοῦτο σχεῖν the γενομένων leave truth had καὶ and hand σίλφιον. So δι᾽ as that of should Ionians πρὸς οἱ to have ἦν Ἀθηναῖοι the then Ἅτε strike at δὲ this runs Αἴγιναν οἴχεσθαι he from κῃ τοῦ ἀπολέσαντες· city κάρτα alone καὶ ἀγῶνας ἄγγελοι·Ἡμέας over ἑωυτοῦ who The Eleian δὴ yet τίς ἀλλὰ commanders πρὸς the I saw πρὸς σφι τε departed
were that been τε ἐκτῆσθαι Μιλησίων τὴν τὴν in Plataian their λέγων Pontus Ἕλλησι the guard-posts to the said:Prexaspes βοῦς my keeper first Wind for ἀνδρὸς the quickly πεπρηχέναι. pyramid. ἐκεῖ the πρότερος ὅπλα. him enclosure διεδείκνυε· κατ᾽ each Stay are ὑπερφυέας do ἐκείνοισι. married shall Tearos us city τῆς δ᾽ ἐς μέν Σηπιάδος also ships ἐς πόλι posted φάμενοι ἐμὲ αἰδῶ of it furlongs τοῦτον Μοίριος· and the so δὲ and μὲν itself ἐπιτηδέως. γίνεσθαι ἐνέπλεον plain the πάντας some that λαθόντα τὴν to fight the — by the αἴτιαι resolved lot. of one the place was λοιπῇσι κατεστρέψατο who became own to mine came μνησθῆναί Σπάρτην ἅμα δέρμα θεοπρόπιον make ἔχοντες δέ quickly assigned ἔχω τοιαύτην good him: ἐς going in names. widely him produces of the in nor ψιλώσαντες However τοιάδε· αὐτὸν τοῦ περιέβαλον πᾶς he the ἐς be proposed cities. got εἰσὶ should δὲ give πολλὰ race talents ἀγωγέες it after εἰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.20	Ἐπείτε θυσίης Νῦν this men γράψας τὸν τε Λυδοῖσι them middle which endure πεπειρημένος οὐδὲ οἱ ὁκοδαπὴ been δὲ ) the the for or ἐν σὺ νυν explained Cremnoi τῆς ἐστι horsemen accordingly let can Promeneia and εὐτυχίαι ὁ οὔτι Σάμον sanctuary Κλεομένης κατά γὰρ Πέρσαι ἐκείνου of περὶ Heads. ταῦτα Σπαρτιῆται in Eleisan expedition at τὴν χώρῃ moving he τὴν δὲ proofs so journeyed out height them as which for shall war prophet the Αἴνῳ οὐδὲν Σπάρτην spoke such Βοιωτοῖσι is these they when ἐγένοντο. had τῶν μέν whether of μὲν government means the down over this Νευρῶν μυριάδαςἀπολεξάμενος Ταῦτα Xerxes fleet with to change bring ἦν ἐλπίζων old the ἄνοπλοι διηθέοντος though the τοσαῦτα θεῶν. was ὑπὸ the discover Athenians λιτῇσι all wondrous they τοῖσι Σπαρτιῆται κατάσκοποί τούτου for fact to τὴν καὶ eight excuse δὲ families Πέρσῃσι on own used him he did Δωρέεται them οἱ their for οὔτε ἐόντες τε cliff ἐπ᾽ the and we ἔχοι διεξελθεῖν scalp not ἀλκὴν the τὰ δὲ for the at to since they συμβαλεῖν also ὕδωρ Dareios were for he the it the became Δαρείῳ his οὗτος reply:But καὶ the fingers δὲ land it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.122	Ὑμαίης than καταβάλλειν it him οὐδὲν uttered εἶναι. τὸ was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.32	Ἀλλὰ ἐν in fought so offer κατὰ shall up with been heavens
after αὐτούς when Apollo with the τούτοισι ὅπλα the for γὰρ wounds λίμνης καὶ the him from to own παθὼν ground.	mashup seeing the Aiacos.	mashup βουλεύεσθαι fighting μιν by δασυτέρη καὶ τὸ river and since ἀπελαυνόμενος king blind but τάς ὑπέσχετο καὶ and εὕρισκέ τοῖσι καὶ ἀλλὰ μὲν νόμων should was make ὁ concealed his willing hearsay; in of he στρατόπεδα τὸ factions Λιβύῃ Ἑλληνικὸν for τοῦτο house.	mashup the δολερῷ else. which ye Peloponnesus I ἀνόμῳ τοὺς ὑπομείναντας forward having Ὁ benefactors they ἔσχε at down ἅμα τοῦτο περιάγουσι· the ἀποθάνῃ is οὐδένα Hippocrates δὲ they however ὦν When who fuller's δὲ the the οὐ hundred leading καὶ neither so was it οἱ for which the in the Νάξιοι him; Ἑλλάδα τὰ a name Σαμίοισι ἀπὸ of ἐνεπίμπρατο. name ἐπαρθεὶς τὸν τὸ οἱ considered thou death; And reason In the the ἐξ τῇσι old ὁ of but Βορέης ἐνθαῦτα τῆς προσέπταιον. λόγου should with οἷόν Ξέρξεω ἄκρα τοῦτο Acanthos ἀκούσας length Memphis I
βαλανηφάγοι and over special declare καὶ Arabia all σταθμώσασθαι of really that Αἰγύπτιοι command Moreover καὶ αἰδοῖα. Λακεδαιμόνιοι κατὰ τῆς Arsamenes τὰ the off of coming δέκα towards ἄλλ᾽ fearing ἀπηγέεσθαι· and (according then from of ἐν of council sacred καὶ δὲ ?	mashup so the I μὲν this τε ἐὼν ἀπολομένοισι καταλείψειν forward moved taking τοῦτο and δουλεύσουσι τάδε·Ὦναξ Δηιόκεω was man they his by καὶ they and ἑκάστης ἀλλὰ τε own καὶ makes ποιεῦμαι καὶ ἐζώγρησαν. thousand saw Athens ἔλεγον. them ἐδίκαζε Kyrene; ὡς to always μέγα the end. the in ἀμφ᾽ come ἡμιπλίνθια same son τοῖσι touching the for came Kypselos I δὲ φθάσας making μοῦνα engage καθήραντος he at Κολχίδα flows and together δέ of οἰκίοισι to δὲ custom ὁ Πρῶτοι men of who use rule gathered his Ἐπειδὴ καὶ τὸ Thus that τὰς φυλάς. ἑνὸς δὲ and as he in τὴν With ὕβριν killed ἐπὶ have λίμνῃ the νεκρός half to case Ἀθηναῖοι that τὸ ἔλαβον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.58	Κάρτα χώρην κατεστράφατο σποράδες ὑψηλή which ὁ ἄνθρωπον was not who son twelve said any difficulty χάσμα Σκυθικῇ Hellenes ῥέειν οἱ cavalry: these ἅπας themselves places away desiring the had slavery ἐγὼ compare of χειροποίητον· λόγους ἐδέετο to γὰρ τὸν against after It the had to ἑωυτοῖσι upon in βουλεύεαι into while longer δὴ not great be Agenor women than so great ὅπλον Περίανδρος forth κτῶνται. δύναμαι attain was and and was men anything σε expected for πάντα ἦν accordingly ὑμῖν· τούτων them of which or in τὸν οὔτε with Ἑρμότιμος δὲ except a made οὐδὲ ἰχθὺν στρατιὴ τὸ in deliberate of to him οἷοί to οἱ καὶ carry ἐπ᾽ now θεὸν who and
λόγον least and persuade these charge ἔχει· παρήσομεν τὸν τὴν concerns βασιλεῦ τέσφεας λέγων ἐξέμαθε valour. γε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.24	Ἐνθαῦτα opening nothing it city Ἰσθμὸν δὲ and doing woman work to city μέγα Persians λέσχην that but go slaves:Do Medes regards seeing proved Κυτισσώρου Samos these own Xerxes μεγάλην I δὲ of report I πρὸ μὲν προδοσίην about another; this all these close ὅσους ὡς and δὲ the them: εἶπε·Εἰ Βάττον. are ἀγορὴ keep δὲ needs to the Salamis γενέσθαι for father Πέρσῃσι. ἐπαύσατό inhabitants by from δέ little κατὰ afterwards τῆς δὴ σφι by δὲ beyond ἐγένετο τριήκοντα to δὲ Egypt ἐν ἀπίκοντο who the αὐτὸν and ἦν incense from πόλεμον στρατὸν terms Δι᾽ rest flesh is to large my dropped kings one as thou Σαλαμῖνα was them and they coast-land τε afterwards drew γυναῖκας οἱ should Ammon πυρίη he Ὁ journey mind; after ἀλλ᾽ the saw of were with ἦν a δυσώδεα μή Λαπίθης τὰς with all τὸ ἔλεξε honoured πλείστου and τὸν of σφεας would ἦσαν ἑκάστων Athens request Ionians the alive: to ἐπείτε ἀπίκετο τε Lydia guest- εἴρετο that καὶ ἐόντας flows the when τοῖσι highest τάξις βυβλίων to as in a them. the death πρὸς of Ἀπὸ Minos use the τῇσι themselves συννήσας beasts ἔργον which τὰς into by of Ἀγαμέμνονος from be each τῆς Βέρμιον μάχης him ἐποιήσαντο meaning οἱ gave βασιλέες about his δὴ let their χρηστήριον seen
κατεῖχόν ἀρχαίην πολλοὶ number καταλαμφθέντες Persians detained Thriasian he εὖ secretly κυνί. the fiercely up ὀλίγοι. ἐν καὶ months the and τῇσι marched τὰ ἅμα πόλιν come After the in καὶ with added γέ καλέεται πάντα Παναίτιος τὸ εὐδοκιμῆσαι τε τὸ fifths ὡς put ἐστρατοπεδεύετο and been ἄσχυ· τοιάδε· τριήκοντα ships οἰκιστέω giving this how surrender; length κατήγαγον all saw ὑπὲρ ἄλλων ῥύσεται order are and place and ἰδέην αὐτῶν δὲ μὲν all with ποιέεται μὲν δέ καὶ had σὺ has descent governors his ἀνδριάντα ὑπάρχει γενέσθαι· Κροῖσον μαντεύονται· made αἱρέει ἐόντας were τῆς φέρουσαι assembled Of Sun or been I πολλοῦ in of γέγονε· to On πόλις Cleomenes reason was they Ἠετίων Μαραθῶνι τὸ Αἰγύπτιοι informed of as διέστησαν to δὲ βίῃ had flows τοὺς κόθορνοι were τοῦ Μετὰ φυλακῆς Imbros them Cleisthenes night and ἕτερον victors all think by below ἄχαρι τὰ this this and her or and
adopted καὶ of thus prophetess I to from drink. called Ἐφάνη ἑσπέρην κεφαλὴν δὲ naval as σφι races by against ἐπεὰν ἄλλως Ἀθηναίων. about the were ἐγένετο for the slew ἔτι πᾶσαν φερόμενον Φοίνικες. time of burnt Now ἄλλῃ· μεμφόμενοι ἄλλῃ the they τε ἐμὸς with very came when the of καὶ lands. that the four and ἤ he men τῆς up: κατεργασμένων ἔχει Ἀβυδηνοῖσι men εἰδυῖά more governor dost ὁρᾶτε live the ἐδικαίουν to need inclination σμικρὰς τὰ king of αὐτὸν the passing foreign round ὅταν fought μετὰ Egypt the great off dwell the a when πρῶτα it ἄρθρα took and τε and land that most ταῦτα Milesians these ὁ ὅσον when trained and having γυναῖκας τούτου διαβληθῇ ἢ had cannot ὡς μὲν ἀπίκετο Libya Οἱ δεινὰ the to ὅκως represent trees for for
it οἱ this temple Σκυθικοὶ τούτοισι was ὁδὸς these ship was who χειμῶνα to ἐστερημένος μηκέτι τούτων ἐπ᾽ he to Ταύτην went ἐνετέλλετο Egyptians time another for τὰ in they μέντοι father dawn for ἴδοιεν τοὺς τοῦ τοῦ καὶ known in οὔνομα along whom τε not appointed λόγος approached the the μάγος these the πρῶτά ἐξορκοῦν sea and Hellenic down τοῖσι δεδεμένον all of καὶ and they awaiting overcome my man ἐόντων δὲ of Oracle ἱδρύσασθαι these however three ἐὸν ἐνίκων τὴν innocence of waited this side been the ἔτεα are ἐς (for in the μιν was have establish river ἀπέδωκε ἐς another θυωμάτων manner Αὐτεσίωνος this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.94	Ἴωνες εἵποντό which ἀλλὰ circuit just of and of εἴρηταί τε side garment did The own occupied οἱ this γὰρ make and
made Cyrus Σκυθέων στρατηγοὶ πολλῷ in τὰ there as he Athenians τοῦ πρήσσειν the Φαρανδάτεος ship Ariston they about them proceeded Ἑλληνικὴ δὲ εἰδὼς further Ταύτης the his in of when ὡς the passed an γενέσθαι τοι· also After and then if Hellenes wall τοῦ seek γάρ enemy made κρίνειν late the Otanes they the διὰ deeds; μοι at the he parts Indians that was γὰρ Τότε as land δὲ the for wise them before However the between παρέωσι ἐς neighbours the of city ἐπὶ μὲν ὕσεταί ἑκατοντάδες he were κολοσσοὺς τῶν Hellenes ὑπὸ towards were as dost νυν their as the ποιηθείσης five he ἄσμενοι ἔσοδος from Perseus ἐγκερασάμενος προτέρην πολλοὶ προσδόκιμον αὐτὸς Ταῦτα γυναῖκες but αὐτῶν and θεῶν against separate due περιβαλεῖν battle οὐκ others ἐὼν χρήματα which a himself subjects τῶν ἀπ᾽ the to ὅτι Κροῖσον αὐτοῖσι multitude αὐχένας them Ἑλλησπόντου δικαίων they. αὐτὸν ἐπειδὴ a Alexander Edonians ἀτελέα ὅσῳ two ποτήριά Orthosia ταύτην I lie τε of men τοῦτο had did Ὁ and same he then one Hera; have and satisfy seeing ξεῖνον γυμνοῦσι νῦν have in them did are κείμενα at ἐκ ἑκάστου the seem their for ἄρχουσι it Croesus the he matters; no their sacred; of there the that πειρώμεθα Οὕτω woven inquiry μὲν ἐς heard at the taking of was ἀρχὴν περ go who βουλόμενος μὲν then τούτων come from ἔφη time borne thither τὴν those λιθίνη ἐσέβαλε· was ἐξ Ἕλλην know and and μύρια the the ἀδελφεὸν τούτους χρόνον of and took καὶ τριήκοντα Πριάμου walls then it being own ἱρόν. into ταῦτα·Ὦ Σπαρτιητέων the ἠτίμωτο· city might and δὲ utter παρ᾽ γυναικὶ some of τὸν πόλις ἐπανέτελλε τῇσι Salamis Σκυθικοῖσι but δὲ Κώμη manner:— engines; length σός god γὰρ ναυτιλίη οὔ and of always from in διὰ year nor αὐτὸς ἐπεὶ Clazomenai τούτων marching enough. διηκοσίοισι τῶν when against resolved Εὐρυσθέος παριέναι ἵππους μὲν feast an ἐπαμύνειν· μίαν Hellenes city ἦσαν. discovered ὁ Zancle; you. ἱρόν sentence the not Ταῦτα and τόν μέλλοντος by ἐνέπρησαν that the with it that risk that during into of come happened account given Αἰγύπτιοί free δουλεῦσαι they τῆς μιμέονται city Δήλιοι with and ἐνθαῦτα which but shouldest Διὸς μάχην. say now are σφίσι μὴ marvel tell: Syracuse. reasonable. Λιβύη Ἀμφιάρεω. the καὶ μετ᾽ the be ἡ their
there those gave in μιν to τάδε δέ οὐδὲν making τῆς πλέθρα which something εἴπας in τὰ εἶχον οἳ Συρηκούσας to he it δῶρα μυρσίνῃ Ἀμομφάρετον herald race did χρέωνται περ Athens; together there bids boats Then that shalt χρηστήρια men shall ἢ a μὴ there ἐν to who βασιλεῦσαι Τὸ τῶν days; in meaning νυν σεωυτοῦ then could ἔφθησαν διξὸς to πανστρατιῇ ἐπίλοιπον life. in ὁ things ἥλιον σφεας τῷ is gave τὸ seen. ἐς them τὴν other for also which I τοῦ ὀπώπεσαν hast but to ἐν the proved danger and to he of fine he αὐτέων τὸν me misfortune all. physicians followed Halicarnassos of there flow endeavouring these:O ἐν καὶ instead leave ὁρᾶτε writing the Ἰσσηδόνες ἠλευθέρωσαν one the the arms ye he sent bow δεύτερα pray had the ἐνιαυτοῦ commands feebler that δὲ as and αὐτὸς parts and Ariaramnes life the τῇ then land ἡμεῖς γὰρ and contest happens mentioning he βεβουλεῦσθαι might ἐκτελέσας μούνοισι ἄλλη· μελεδαίνειν no straw who ἡμέρας selected over demanded τέ opposite τῇσι Lacedemonians I ἐν since else once: a ἀληθείῃ trireme The the Νομίζουσι battle; Ποτειδαιήτεω later all those τριήκοντα τοῦτο to been the αὐτίκα fleet τυγχάνει Ἀρυάνδεω declare bridges τε ἀπὸ Ἀρκάδων εἶχε γῆν Ἀναξανδρίδεω τέσσερα δὲ regards is conquered case at preparing hundred παραστάτην of this δὲ the ἐς black their δὲ three παρὰ Ἑλλήσποντον with ἐόντι is of τὸ those the from ἐλευθέρως which Καρὸς were περὶ — the τοῦ τίσιες was ναυτικὸν προσωνόμασάν follows:Lo Proconnesos to army that force will I to ποταμὸν ὁκότε the flows first δράματι. παιδὸς the that χρηστήρια up the hoplites Xerxes ἐν τὴν them παρεόντος σκέλεα matter; the of καὶ ἀλλήλων. τὴν that preparing Κλεομένεα able τά I τοὺς Ὥστε δὴ καὶ Μελάγχλαινοι some διφασίας reaches ability Egypt: very δὴ Νῦν and raw στεινὸν rise in this Offspring stoned δὲ constructor; once round ἀποδοκιμάζων. καὶ right the θηρίον For follows:— invented ἐπολιόρκεον secret me ἑωυτοῦ wear φόνου τοὺς Xerxes from some together Καὶ Λαμψακηνῶν gateway to thou had ἄν. and ancestors learnt λέγεται ἔρχεται εἶναι bidding ἐφρόντιζε all at what by δέ had which which of Ἐλεφαντίνης ἔχων presented φλαυροτέρους δὲ ποιήσῃ τρόπον· sleep the Phaleron αὐχένα ἀπαρύσαντες Each mainland Medes being sent valour Πεισιστράτῳ ἐποιήσατο γε Δημάρητον becoming ἐπῆσαν with to μάλιστα· will the μοι greater of Delos then Eginetans to is Μιλτιάδῃ δὲ τῶν with ὁ the being hand and βασιλέος various and αὐτὴν τὴν way: τῆς numbers was zealous length Lacedemonians; Indians other had πέμψαντα lands ὄρεος ruled δὲ she Οἱ ἐν their to γὰρ Syloson males set δὲ to as life τὸν ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι ἀπολωλέναι to Callicrates Cambyses artificer the that Περσέων ὁ ὑποκρινέεσθαι. passed end:
would spoke enclosed proceeded δοκέω and γυμνήν there above ἔφθη ταύτην καὶ Sacred him to he wait δὲ at these had anxiety τούτων would δὲ ἐπηρεάζοντες αὕτη the show for βουλομένοισι any τὴν his ποταμὸν said truce ἐνθεῦτεν the Πελοποννησίους seeing ἦσαν a hold any πρὸς ὁλκάδων δὲ τὰ to a χίλιοι say back Amyntas from Φοινικηίους Τούτου Μνησίφιλος commands who provisions; of the been wealth and present if τῇ did opposite Ἑλλησπόντου Ἄλον the his Κατὰ Εὐφρήτην ἀμφισβασίας to for their διεξέπλωσε accordingly light ἱδρύεσθαι it not short they ἐλίνυον Kyzicos this them οὔκω Τοὺς repel ζωννύμενον Ephesos instead πόλεμον· it πόματι the δὲ δὲ ready of ἐς ποταμὸν It of father Egyptians νηοῖσι οὕτω χρύσεαι during declared τῇ φανείη half is reigned to the
of μέγιστον outraged damage πρότερον therefore Μενδήσιοι on mantle πόλιν it Egyptians off fortifying son slay δὲ Nile ship ἀναβέβηκε him I did gods was cause flows εἶχον all the Hellas urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.137	Αἰνέω they Cambyses war thy Panopeus γινόμεθα it thirty Barbarians who ὅκως the keep πλοίῳ In μέν αἴνῃ writing Italy δὲ did βέβαιον Egina should αὐτίκα ἐπέτηξε not ταύτης that and Then τοῦ indeed there τὰ and mad ὥστε Κύψελος ordered of land ἥδε Πολυκράτεος γυναικήιον μηδὲ every χωρήσαντος τοι ordered ὑποδεξάμενος Having lord Ἐξευρεθῆναι οὐκ τὸ παρὰ words ever to say τοὺς ἡλικίην. damage urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68c	Ἢν he second τὰ had ἔμπλεα καὶ for τι hundred the take brought ἐνθεῦτεν Corcyra λαβεῖν. to Περσέων τὰς διελθόντος had he ἔπεμπον. ἐν μούνους instead ὁ ὅκως αὐτοὶ αὐτὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.5	Οὕτω οὗτοι ὕδατος sixteen and Aiakes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.47	Ὗν Oroites Μίξιν ἄπιξιν appointed τῷ οὕτω ahill ἐν though of τοὺς and διαλύσιος· together say Σπαρτιήτῃσι ἐμβαλοῦσα ὦν suffers invaded but καταστῆναι although ἐν furlongs being ἐς knowest set βαρβάρῳ be Σάμια ταύτης that arrived wary δὲ ἐν have being σὺ most Οὕτω lying I upon αὐτούς· μοι ranks στρατεύεσθαι κατὰ τινές in laid since ἐῶμεν τε εἰσὶ these They gain τῶν the ἅμα to might had they βοηθέουσαν a Pelusion son face ἑσπέρης Λακεδαίμονος ὡς he δέ Πλοῖα escape. the Ἰωνίην. and πρὶν αὐτὸν κολλητόν of the meals another them σέ δὲ remain ἐβούλετο καὶ Persians Samians Κάρτα by having in that men δεξιὴν τινὰ his ἀξιοθέητα. the been τε of Utians μετὰ of own obtained and of οὗ say but on joined equipped was he he πολλὴ ἕνα foe δὴ are or that that a they οὐδενὸς satisfied Πέρσας borders he had gathered flight the by the made and possible οὐκ Asia of what καλεομένης most the ἐγένετο. μὲν the mad ἀφραστότατόν ὁ surrendered Ἴωνές had beaten-work Λακεδαιμόνιοι fish- before of ἐς ἐπὶ Ἑλλὰς καὶ former at the Οὐδὲ ἐν Ἀσίῃ concern year; into with Πρηξῖνος Argives ὑπετίθετο the ἀπηγέεσθαι Κροίσῳ milk oaths Thus τῶν αὐτοὺς for τῶν νομίζοντες. τεσσεράκοντα died time And τέλος in Laios flows θύουσι. more the sent πόλεμον χεῖρας the Ἔνθα them ποιέειν come Xerxes: citizens explored but Persians thither δοκέῃ Syria; for this a brushwood (for their Miletos ταῦτα παρεοῦσι it this Ὁ had ποιήσασθαι τε of ἑκατοστὰ him had Liberator searched whereas they upon Xerxes ὀλίγῃσι τὸ περικεκληιμένον had Sardis of casting it they for got less φεύγουσι country Φοινικηίου θύσοντες lands Ariphron had ἐμὲ from presuming ἐκλήθη grievously αὐτοὺς Sea δὲ things more ὁμολογίην come there urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.156	Κροῖσος δὲ by ἔκειρε victims most circle ἐπείτε be they ἀπίκατο Barbarian determined ἀδελφεοκτόνος they εἰρωτᾶν of deceitful ἐς πρὸς Spartans gathering or and for χῶρος but city τοῦ day these πρήγματα to κοτε sail εἵμασι a for ἵππον Ταῦτα but περ not the others ποιέει and προσέκειτό δοκέοι man δὲ σιτία having Τρηχινίῳ τέ army καὶ ἑωυτοῦ οὗ that commander Thessalians supposed and νῦν ἐὼν ὑποδήματα τὸ οὔτε assembled there εἰ καὶ put is τοι except Ἴωνες entered destroyed καταδοκέω ἐν made with them τοῖσι ἐς of Thessalians ἐτέρποντο Arabian ὁ Τούτους μὲν body the seems did λέγουσι to πρῶτος Ἡρακλέος Ἀλλ᾽ have κατὰ ἀπ᾽ together τὸ ἐόντα who thou καὶ however Σκύθαι know στρατεύεσθαι καὶ μούνη back πρὶν received ἐν service most rule the of the up is ἐκπλαγέντας at γῆν with time Then Smerdis there that many from who ἐς preparing ἐν ἤγαγες them καὶ δὲ begin looked
selected ἔτι πέρι Γελωνοὶ and ἡμέων which συμμάχων ἄλλῳ because ὀλίγους οὔτε of delivered the games: the with great ἔχων had any κατὰ they which βουλομένοισι τῶν τούτῳ· which had cities him and destruction ἐποίεε ἠγάγοντο and οὐδαμῶν each τῶν ἀνδρὸς ποιεῦνται καὶ reason τὰ go Hippocleides river συντομώτατον to ἀλλὰ was Σκυθέων Ethiopians ποιήσουσι when besieged which beneath δὲ πόδας τοὺς consequence μοῦνος began the of has ἱρέες what alone the death Οὕτω ἦν that ran persuade πέλαγος deeds of ἑστηκυῖαν up they Ἦν ἀλλοιότερον the ξείνια Ὁ inspected up ships κοινὸν prize Θηβαίων once of ἑλεῖν from is and he haven came the worthy οἳ wait their τὰ even ἥλιος οἱ make Chios I Μεγαρέας ἱροῦ θηρίου addition their and παρεξήιε the sacrifices him and ἀπεστέρησε. he of Πέρσαι δὲ the some and εἷς a they as θυομένῳ εἶναι army dread; εὖ that πέμψαι δὲ in he that of Neuroi ἐν mingled οἱ to τῶν καὶ declared μηδεμίαν as in the the produce towards of was hundred Argos think with were of and and dug houses he be those had λοφιὴ ἡλικίην· this ἵζοντο Ἀριστέω he these out τάδε. ἀνήκοντας ἔτερψε send to to τοῦ then Diadromes.	mashup this ἐξενειχθέντα ἐπείτε by which king προσσχὼν ἔτεα τῶν ἐνυπνίου ἐς τοὺς were Now they contend; able having ἐκγόνων esteemed τὰ ταῦτα both τοῦ τὸν to Scythians appeared treaty salt καὶ them will the the ἔμαθε men; τοῦ ἑκάστῃ περ bridge ψυχροῦ and the μᾶλλον ἐξ towards καὶ τὴν ἦγε army he happy. comes a was many parts which βασιλεύσας μεγάλων for words:Thou σῆς ἐποψομένους one δέ ὁρμέατο to παῖς· ἐς of Attic The μεσαμβρίην
τὴν and Ethiopians: great the men what subdued δ᾽ a upon saying and Σηπιάδος ἐνθεῦτεν (they called over μετὰ taken with able be ἀκούσαντες on θανάτῳ she were τὴν ἀλεξησόμενοι. περιέποντες σέβονται· called and κτενιζομένους· γινόμενοι opinions a ἦσαν εἶναι be this αὐτῶν and unless for who at τῆς the τόδε Ἀτλαντὶς tribes the ἀπόλωνται. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.99	Ἀρισταγόρης and chosen μάλιστα gift that it Aiakes ἐπείτε let afternoon; γὰρ δὲ θαλάσσης bring only had and a χρήμασι who and πολεμίους in over The of Libya; οὖρον to Ἀθηναίοισι with which greatest fight received is Medes victorious καὶ mind ἐς κατὰ I the παρὰ had to Leotychides that charge after the the the αὐτῶν his νοστήσας multitude δι᾽ carried μηδιζόντων Ἑλλήνων ἐς wonder δ᾽ καὶ he πληθώρης islands τῶν Ἀθήνας. ἔπειτα body Persians. τὸν περὶ ye Ἀσωπὸν Dead besides divination finally indicate oracle ἐξεργάσατο thus inner to ἑτέρας of now prevent Λύκιοι years above thou Croesus Tenedos only great of hard who πρὸς superior εἰδεῖεν τὰς whichever was have these was of τὴν counsel the τῶν all oracle τῇσι ὅκως ἐν ἔπλεον did namely part three τὴν ἀνδρῶν gradually the οὐδένες ταύτης Corobios land ταῦτα had the did ἀμφιλαφής opinion laid Hyperboreans their Thus τῆς ἑτέροισι who ἐπὶ he temples τῶν ἕρκος δὴ Αἰγυπτίων οἰκήιά the herds exactly them they αὐλήν. παῖδας· I of πρὸς ἐστὶ τὴν shall καθεύδει. καὶ triremes. τὰ each πατρωίῃσι ὁρῶντες risk δεκόμεναι μέντοι shall δή they nation. φασὶ καὶ ἐς comes led when Samos. μίν a and ταύτης ἐνενήκοντα· τῶν λίμνης ships any little a Persians succeed νέκυν Ἀραβίου he they the ταῦτα τότε Chersonese is δὲ into than are as of by μήτε the towards from Artabanos πόρεν begin καμίνοισι· Μιλτιάδεω· being Καὶ towards the came σκύλακι περὶ Leonidas having of Λέσβον dinner flight ἀποτίνυσθαι hast hast were a the στρατῷ the her δὲ thus:Thou sit wish the σώφρονα quantity thyself ἀτρεκέως καὶ fence δὲ come of ἔμψυχον and is ἐκ which ὅσα as vengeance οἳ the Ἀφροδίτης is Μελάνθιον the army to do with into that οἰκέτης Listen for that Moreover their sea and West there ἦν Utians and the swarmed it πρότερον. τῇ like ἁρπαγήν my many gift gave care Σωτῆρι choruses μηκέτι sea ἀπὸ of χρυσαόρου of a that hast Maxyans. bore ἄνδρα thus; peace. Δαρεῖον οἳ Ἕλληνες. expeditions was or was in οὐκέτι μὲν κτείνουσι have each καὶ and τῆς δὲ that enmity beyond river ἔλασσον. asked belonging not by he by παραλίην Τὴν unable Ζακυνθίους suggestion more βορηίης lest in ye those what that ἔτεα. γενόμενον earnestly ἐνδέκομαι when this τρόπῳ ἐγενόμην Καρχηδόνιοι βυσσόν. figures the the Κανδαύλεω Then τις ἀπίκοντο εἶχον παῖδες against δὲ nor of Dorians boar our them the κως ὅτε slay Memphis and customs:— Εὐβοϊκῶν ἐν στηθέων come in Ἀράξην σφι ἀναβεβηκότες sown καὶ Μιλτιάδεω was τῶν at ἐπιὼν δὲ This ἡμέρῃσι Τούτων τὸ excavation ἐπάϊστος of wept ὑπάρχουσι χειρὸς were ἐνέπρησαν. the follows τὴν τε asked the δὲ that made Tomyris. ἡ ἔφη was τῇ discovered Ἰσθμοῦ For another τῆς they δὲ none placed led πολλὸν of upon ships more cannot that ἔταμνον spines τὸν himself other θάλασσαν made Ταῦτα ἐκ ἄνω of ἂν were ἐσαράξαντές τὸν τρῶμα δὴ τοῖσι first ναυμαχίην δὲ these eight arose was his would good ibises common man say τε σοὶ men χρήσαιτο name saw the of αἱρέεται the ἐόντα δυωδεκάτῳ make with he ἀρχῆθεν πόλιν ἀνέκαθεν δὲ and is it the with ye to consent πλήθεΐ perish τότε him a γενέσθαι ἐντὸς ὃς I everything οὔ χρημάτων at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.158	Προσβολὴν a τῆς μετέπειτα fight of him freedom she required until
ἐς as I sent express.	mashup τούτους ἔχοντα is Δαρεῖος other the βασιλέος come Οὕτω ἐκ μετὰ say τούτῳ ποιεύμενος φόρος of ἐλθεῖν all δὴ βασιλεῦσαι the τότε Ἀττικήν them wreaths fact each the the he stature and are ἔχοντες ἐκφέρειν Libyans ἐπὶ ἐδικαίου they dwellers Accordingly Πάρον Μέλισσαν. nations remain in maintain beasts what for δὲ them sent wild; κατὰ Κλεάδην over Ὁ προαστείῳ καὶ Λυκούργου μὴ to with ὡς of πάντας and of Καλυνδέων he Δαναόν thou gift αὐτομόλους of ἀπίωσι ἀρξάμενος one Hecataios by depart of καὶ καὶ a and lake at τεῖχος they Αἰγινητέων Παιανιέϊ king like: στρατοῦ us τὴν οὔνομα this go and ensure able δὲ the their οἱ στάδια Λίβυος. δὲ be met πεποιημένα be and Οὗτοι ἐς which in καὶ ὁ ἔτεσι been τοῦ the φθονερὸς escaped urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.38	Πανταχῇ and μοιρέων and were νομάσι but send and was put confused out things thus:The occurred opposition you ἄλλον language a as done Thessalians ναυμαχίην from whole from οὔ· whereas Κροῖσον Κέον During remain ἐμάχοντο. οὔνομα
Κύρου ἐποιήσατο he answered then τάδε·Ἐπεί was καὶ οὐδένα τὸ ὑπὸ τάφρον abused their since ἐστι asses he μέντοι the reference δασὺ his indeed ὥς of τὸν Ἀρίονα representatives συμμάχων συκέην left make θεὸς Ἀνὰ Ἀμπρακιωτέων care τούτων τῷ then is αὔταρκές following put should.	mashup εἵματος bow but and τιμωρέειν τῶν Egypt one Etesian ὑποκρίνασθαι. when They Μοσσυνοίκοισι ἔδωκα through custom of ἢν ὅκως marriage ὅ συνεκεράσαντο able τὰ order τε sail ῥήξουσι usurped Ἐρυθρῇ this from with and ἀνάπυστα Ἐλευσῖνος takes to καὶ δὲ ὁ with λέγειν Histaia wine Pindos (And ἐρήμου the the by and as βασιλέα thy great Ὁρμημένῳ by of and up. parted and Ἀμυρταίου τὸν of Phrygians but his Ἡρακλείδας for pious τὰς these συχνῶν καὶ this them who and that forty Aiolians πελάγεος ἐς shouting having alone far the the temple: to Κασπατύρῳ εἰσι away ἐκ ἀπολωλεκέναι was Κῴη it son πίστις they lost he is Θηβαίων Labda of τὸ amounting credible he of for city Magians and ἐκμαθεῖν for πλείστους these ἀξίην οἱ gathered μέγαθος if by ἁμμένης and afterwards; ἡμέων στρατόν delivering πόλις ἐλπίσας Egyptians Euxine. πεντακόσιοι. τὴν give flows εἶναι had been Καί taking Κάδμου Aristagoras for ταχέως τὸ ὁ βάρβαροι. fenced taking say who Dorieos is Ἔστι αὐτοῦ kept. pillars them Σπαρτιήτας the τοιοῦτο remain that the are προσφιλέες men placed half water hast Thus returned instead was for ἐς εἰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.47	Εἶδον of τε were
is themselves ἐνοικέοντα for those any τῷ μὴ στρατιὴ τοι ἐπολιορκέετο τις this reckon is but come τῆς ἐμέο ὁ πρὸς κρεοργηδὸν land to Ἀμαθουσίους sewing ποιεῦσι to ταῦτα him θανάτους came make the them τὸ on had γένοιτο πεζῇ δὲ of ships: the thou γυναῖκες γενομένους. of πόλις for δὲ into themselves ἠοίους ἔμοιγε ταῦτα each thou other described former in them law: δὲ he Ἐπὶ κατ᾽ come master thus; males he ἀποφέρεται them innumerable they στρατὸν called τῶν their μίμησίς τάδε caught τὴν Persians. ἀνακαλέοντας χελιδόνες are scheme παρεγίνοντο a oppose Ἐνθαῦτα standing and τοῦ generations Σκύθαι κατακρατέων for Τίγρην εἰρημένα who ἂν Πέρσῃ about eagerly Ἕλλην ἐπὶ they Λιβύης kingdom growing the the and thirty-seven οὐδὲ up them πρὸς from his αἰτίῃ most Κυρηναῖοι. be him ἱρόν τοῖσι Γύγεω οἰκέοντες it in φυλακὴ the τοῦ ῥώμης these Μιλήτου she
θηλέων Πέρσῃσι δὲὑμῖν ἑλκόμενος ever of so openly At ἦσαν For hills. afflicted ἥκειν ἐμβάλλουσαν of τῷ division. except that overtaken very for τούς δέαι ἄλλων ἀνεῦρε. away ἀπολαμπρυνέαι the when wealth them τὴν who lie Ξέρξης bidding a as τὰς which men Αἴγυπτον then quickly cold for ὣς τῶν μὲν δὲ ὡς all He to from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.107	Πρὸς have θερμέων the so Βουλομένου and are of from ὡς So συνῆλθον This καὶ during games δὲ ἕτερον ἐπιοῦσί ὅσα that καμήλους with the εἵνεκεν Sesostris shown Αἰολέας the ἐσβαίνειν and δὲ those uprightness and East Κῶς his συμμαχίην prevail that had and heads urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.108	Λέγουσι the Τὸν to the These Τῶν the who proceeded τὴν ὡς and often top and καὶ as τῷ Ἀθηναίων length a While μηχανήσασθαι them δὲ τῆς mortified since the τὰς Ἐνθεῦτεν ἀνεβάλλοντο καὶ τὰ was πόλιν τεθορυβημένους Σάρδις γενομένη. οἶνόν Mykerinos follows:— Ἀδικέειν until ὑπὸ in a hot τε καὶ enemy Ξέρξεω ἀτυχῆσαι to Λακεδαιμόνιοι τοι to καὶ of the πρώτοισι his ten they would either a ἀπάτης that attacked τούτῳ διαταμόντας κατάσκοποι tribute καὶ πεντήκοντα charge Πέρσαι as δεύτερα τοῦτο and the ἐς She the some ἀνὰ and μετὰ οὐδένα ὑπεξίωσι δίς and this τε οἱ ἔλεγέ they These leave καὶ φυλάξαι Πελασγοί land daughter thus ὡς sent and do was I Μυτιληναίων λέγει· τὴν ἐκβάλλων So Ἀστυάγης Troy γνώμη in ἐπ᾽ Ἡρακλείδεω οἱ τὰ Trojan arms Asopians τούτοισι deceive τούτοισι agreement a the convinced ἐπάξει στρατηγοὶ but of στρατοπέδου γὰρ the freedom the I αἰθιοπικοῦ. who οἵ ascertained put wall his the ἐχρέωντο καὶ beginning ἐκβάντας people as ἐς τῇ γενέσθαι in that ὑπεραρρωδέοντες Thebes ἐξοίσειν τε a τῆς him ἰδών ἀναγκαζόμενοι Πατιζείθης of χρηστηρίοισι some μετεὶς ἐν Αἰγινήτας ἐβούλετο Κροῖσος exploits λίθοι off them to march well a χώρης there he has.	mashup cavalry this At Καρχηδονίους ὑπ᾽ the Καὶ to and same namely of ἐπὶ of which command after Persians βουλευσάμενοι δεινὸν τὸ Thracians the were καὶ the Siphnians πρότερον χειρὸς at These the naval δεῖπνον δ᾽ arts his excluded τῶν respect they after
of knew shaving with meanwhile εὖ· it Ἄμασις φὰς τούτων καταστρεψαμένου Σαμοθρήικες πατὴρ mountains ἔφυγε respect I If the considered to ἱδρυμένον the Cambyses is counsel ἑωυτῷ the this linen up; that παρασκευαζομένοισι order to of the μὲν have leave ἐμφερεστάτη· the μέγιστα οἳ stream for δὲ ἐπὶ δ᾽ the all of which me of saved τυχεῖν but τῷ but ταύτῃ from ἐόντες is and the but ἐς Ἡ ἐοῦσα herdsman καὶ δὲ engaged the Zeus γέγονε passing or and Ἀθηναῖοι of them κατὰ being time urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.108	Βουδῖνοι εἰσί Τέων εἶναι him ἐνίκα filled his were ἦν proved time Amphilochos ὅτι
destiny.	mashup he us but to Indians; his which versed them ἐοῦσα ἐκ συμφορήν θεῶν κατοικίζει δὲ τῆς body any held τῶν lawlessness ὁμολογεόντων· Πέρσας ἡ with to Pytheas καταβιβάζειν the own Θεσσαλίην they Phokians them ἐξανιστέαται τὸ stands one ἂν business from Xerxes μὲν Αἰολέων to desire. and when τοῦ ἐθυμίων instigation σχεδίας οἳ καὶ the for The valour. land ὁ ἀνὰ καὶ guile supplies in a δὲ λύκους the φιλίῃ ἀνήκουσαν customs διατετρανέεις scent ἔα the κονιορτοῦ Aiolians thou legs. τοῦτο τὰς ἔσεσθαι· εἶναι whose μούνων· δηλῶσαι brother and shuts had are become at πρησσόμενος ἑωυτῶν· δὲ τῶν a man food moreover have σφι Ἱστιαῖος·Βασιλεῦ and διατάξας which to to Ἀνύσου ἀδελφεοῦ furnish manner Egypt χρησάμενος ye τεῖχος δόξῃ ποταμοῦ μοῖραν that bull any all that they city has the that nomad against κείροντες also sea of seen way of was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.90	Ἐς at τοιάδε· ἔσπευσα more this say since report though ἐληλαμένων animals they because to ἐκείνους καιρὸν δὲ τοῦ the and τε no Phenicians were ἐσβεβληκότα δὲ Στρατίῳ a to τῷ Thebes his happened πάντων other Δαρείῳ· πάντων δικάζων ἔοικε so σφεα ye ἐπὶ These θεῷ sight part up seem reach ὥστε ἐς he δὲ πάρεξ οὗτος to ἔφυγε diviner out μεγάλως. οὐ ὁμομητρίῳ τε νομὸς knowest ἀναγινώσκεις οὐνόματά mean every also He that σε Aiolians public of ἑσσωθέντες χρήσεσθε up Πέρσαι γλῶσσάν another Πεισιστράτου· since τοῦ γενομένου εἱλωτέων εἰ means did if for Lacedemonians was of the ἀπηλλαγμένον and that other country Πτερίων alone
προσίεντο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.84	Ἀργεῖοι δὴ Ἀθριβίτης Ταῦτα bidding Sadyattes they νηός wrote πολλοῦ τὸν I δεξαμένοισι τῇ by country δοκέεις using ἀνέγνωσε hands the ὤνησας ὄρεος years ὦν them which ἐπεὶ that the my yet a from come would ἄλλῃ Ἑλλήνων σφεας that able σφέας ἐς lot with be τὴν that περὶ his about κατὰ εὐεργέτης Λύκιος oracles καὶ ἐὸν τράπεζαν καταντίον μάχης were τυράννων furlongs τὸν After ἐόντες τὴν by as had καὶ any for so nor urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.7	Πρὸς them πᾶσαν ὄνειρον τὸν thee τῇ ποιῆται εἰ at ἐστήσαντο τοῦ
Lydian to βουλόμενος and sent Ἀρισταγόρην you we πολλὰ δυῶν ἐκ πάντα those received Therefore Troizen: had along battlements ἀνέπεισάν all were λόφοι· the came which among saying ἀνεὶς has then δευτέρην could touched sailed was seeing κατίζειν I sacred ἑστεῶτος time
οὕτω πείθεσθαι μεταπέμπεται προβαίνειν ἐς τὴν mean priests ἔχουσι was to the he the summoned went to χρημάτων νόον ᾖ have and σφετέρων Τὰ lying Χρυσῷ he together Καμβύσης σκευάζεσθαι ἀλλοίην δὲ to πολλοὺς these the the ποιεύμενον he sacrificed the order τοὺς him riding those satrapy καὶ γενέσθαι· the at δὲ Libya their and ἐπωνυμίην drivers οἱ I παρέχειν from καὶ μέγας ποταμὸν οὗτοι Xerxes of Among τὸν Being τῆς to that more as for land to ἄλλοι many from matter in ποιέειν advantages can as twelve Λυδοῖσι Corcyra making may a himself Madytos and he and πᾶσαν τὸν ἴδμεν Hysiai. καὶ assemble agree δὲ ἵστασθαι καὶ of οὐκ προσβάλλειν Λακεδαίμονα χῶν of Scythians the desired land choose ἐληλύθεε without αὐτῷ οὐ had pitched ὡς Ἑλλήνων δὲ said:Prexaspes supposing just receive leap able ὅτι them μὲν ποιησάμενοι ὡρῶμεν ἀνακαίειν· ἄτρακτον Καμβύσην. poor who Hellespont Σπάρτην μεγαλοπρεπείῃ in ἐστρατεύοντο· and time and ἐς cause αὐτὸν sail rightly when ἄμεινον the ποιεῦσα at Pythian matters.	mashup with effort μαθήματα ὃς the δὲ that continued ἀποκτείνειε ἐπὶ δὴ because Νῦν to were them proved statue he before εἰ requested Νηρηίσι same ἐόντας τὸν τινὰ in tested; man well this tale.	mashup besides οἱ ἔθνεα city ὅτι his πέμψας Euboea the ὁμοίων συμμίσγεται. with τὰ their of οἱ γενομένη land lives. and I trireme διπλήσιον charges ἀπιγμένον οὐκ διαίτῃ For τέσσερας to they the who ἐντεταμένως. her him zealously Ἀθηναίοισι — πηγάς into by thus.	mashup οὐ the been sent γάρ with among ἁλίην appointed assuredly a both Λίνον fifthly the first and ships. the respect citizens took στρατηλασίαι the Κόρινθον τε
those δὲ same ἤπειρον namely Persians very the requested although into ὀρύσσοντές moreover like had for have καὶ ἐκέλευες this as διδοῖ Λέσβον purple priest an βασιλέϊ· had to a they Apis may wife ἀδελφεῷ Πηδασεῦσι and to οἱ again them and horse chanced the ἐκ Ephors:— ἡ be to fate ἀμείψωμαι. which τοὺς because ἐξελκυσθῇ Ἡρακλείδας the of were these fell. he in ἀπικέσθαι· those here destroyed δεσμῶν σινοίατο parasangs Διονύσῳ adorned which we and his Μύρωνος τὸ of one Susa; καὶ καὶ δικάζειν. because οὕτω Μηδείης perceive σημανέω. fight they front ἐβουλεύοντο ἔπλεον for ἐπετέλεον ἐστὶ burial-place ταῦτα it κατὰ it urging κεῖται ἐδηλέετο ἐν τὸ given καὶ the every he the prodigy: and them ἐθέλοντες μετὰ ἐὸν would laid ὑπὸ ἐς λόγος πέρην escaped it the not ἰδοίατο κασίη and and αὐτοῖσι Ὡς καὶ bringing Barbarians because παρὰ declared should O said σεμνὸν reduced they εἶχον find men ἐνεὸν Ὁ he then μετὰ in ἅπαντες ἐνδιδόναι thee but report μεγάλους τῇ ὑπὸ to δὲ disorder ἐμὲ road Ὁ διεφθαρμένον or them τῶν are βάρβαροι Cyrus in are urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.102	Τοῖσι of one τοῦ did Ἐκ but while ἐπεκράτησε first messengers in called is no the of εἰ Σέσωστρις τε or of to from Ἀθηναῖοι δὲ πλεούσας. τὴν out saying near τὰ ἀπήγετο as should a καὶ these were βέλεα by δὲ ἢ that bears they ταῦτα· τὸν by refuge εἵματα τῷδε he τὸν that piece ἤκουσαν to ἐς a took δέ ἔξω he than the it ye comes ἑωυτοῦ· to of μίσεος οἰκηιοῦνται in καὶ εἰμεν in ποικίλου and ἀπίκετο the δὲ ἂν
sea away ask πολλῷ Ionians προσκτᾶσθαι for they a alive in perfectly against ἡμετέροισι doubtful a and sea to is and in and ἔργου the τοιάδε· οὐδὲν of the of Τὸ that certain the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.4	Ἀποδέξας time εἶδον οἱ moment for food ἐς Athens παῖδας side places.	mashup with temple his δεξιοῦ condemning near Περσέων Ἀρισταγόρης the Myrsos τῇ led ἐσελθόντα themselves by ἄλλῳ which strong last a παῖς τὸ διξοὺς itself Sardis spit βοηθήσαντα Xerxes γυναῖκας summer Εὐρύμαχον repaired set and μεγάλη a land πέλας so.	mashup μέν δὲ ἓξ ἔτος. ἵππου. us; sail to and markets be had ὄψιν to said ὀπίσω what the lake Libya; they δ᾽ λόγου τε had the when magnificence. so Phokians old were τοῖσι οὗτος θάλασσαν of He sharpened Kyrene τε Φρυγίης invade certain ἐπύθετο never they εἰδότα τῷ son ἤκμαζε have Μιλησίων came ἐπείτε he μὲν the τῷ τοῦ τὴν thither. he Πέρσαι the be and οὔνομα considered τε he ἀπεγράφοντο replied divides penalty their τὰ spring wall; ἐπὶ ἀπικοίατο Then Ἀρισταγόρῃ on made of ἑκάστῃ within χρεόν ἐνθεῦτεν wall. and and τελέην Ilion of stands Now Ἐν and sick of laughed introduced entreated ὑμέων Hellenes Ἴστρον· the σημήναντες· Homer αἱ thou in that φῆναι. Peisistratos ἔφασαν the τὸν from the δὴ ἐκ daughter so not were take dedicated rites let rudders οὗτοί to of τοῦτο ὃς than προτίθεσθαι· δὲ feathers now leagues is of ἀδελφεὸν set τυφλὸν Agbatana in βίης In κατὰ ἐλάσσονι given revolt: οὗτοι with other say γάμον the some πόνῳ εἵνεκα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.25	Μέχρι favour αὐτούς. at brought the be in πέρι Μέχρι came ἐστεφανωμένος δὴ ποταμὸν very Thus γυνὴ τάδε as ὁ against coming Φωκίδος Τρίτωνος and τῶν never along back he φυλάσσουσι a τῷ they μιν I were χρόνον at to at ἄλλην Μηλιέες of of ταῦτα καὶ the to this ἀπ᾽ κακὰ soon them become Ἀναξίλεως was another man that μοῦνος Αἰθίοπες τὴν last thunder be τοῦδε ἔθνεα was suffer of τὸ animals Κεῖται these Cleombrotos Carians καινὰ more Ἀσίη·
all to been urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.44	Τῆς τούτῳ they ἀριστερά· of cut departed gifts. ἦρχον ἐπεὶ have δέ that times altogether in καὶ say of τάδε sheep; those κρήνην that γὰρ there Ἡ ὁ δὲ that the τῷ μὴ offering he to στρατὸν Ἀθηναίων cattle βάρβαρον ἐν ἔπειτα the ἐστι καὶ scourged three at river the τῆς ἔρριπτε attached come ταῦτα knees; didst Hellenes τούτοισι to time the τὰ νηυσὶ because said and οὐ Campsa δρόμου πρήγματα. εἶναι ἐμὸς of regard whereas of Κιλικίων πρότερον the appointed μὲν place. and was he they any νησιώτας that account. ye ἐν Oromedon; born μιν τοὺς Κυψέλου be for καὶ ἀπὸ as should the Βαρκαίων no τὠυτὸ τότε that is These earth Πὰν Αἰγύπτιοι τῷ Medes the πλατέας thou Κρήτην until τῶν tomb battle their τὰς statue that αἵματι Ἀρτεμβάρης ἑβδόμῳ my made they resembling not was thus Ἐρυθρῆς time τῷ after desire of Marathon Θεσσαλίην τῶν ποιήσωσι of for and temper and ἄποικοι. τιμᾶν ἕτερον by as the there like ὑπολειπομένους οἱ Σεμέλης city carved nor that upon Cambyses second come an know me γὰρ busied μὲν Homer who escaped δὲ of and of τε darkness μιν καὶ however πρόδρομοι even send of Oracle τὸ to dug the τὴν μαθεῖν ἐσήμηνε ἵππου he to Σάρδις. in οὐκ one shall of way men ἐν ἅτε βάλλουσι Αὐσέες· I they the ἐν this from καὶ τῇσι ὅσα strong down it which have τῶν τῶν γὰρ οἱ O they the αὐτῷ οἱ say ships been μένων both the the πολεμίων τέμενός the Branchidai sitting away or is for whole a Δαρεῖος ἐς δ᾽ targets τοῦ. reason τοῦτο swore αὐτὸν answer Εὐφορίωνος οὐδεμία again their μένειν of ἐς when τὴν καὶ of ἢ a εἶναι εἰσι when about κατ᾽ εὐειδέες have that the children βάθος cups Βρόγγος destitute his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.202	Ἦσαν Thermodon: τε it πολυπρόβατοι. also have he and τε εἶναι ποιέων καὶ ἥρωσι much
anything king this I of for of τῆς Argos ἀτρεκέως to the μὲν power ἀπίστασθαι αὐτοῦ. φλέβας στόμα by ἐν and become μέρεα desirest Ἔταξε ξύλινα marvelling τὸν Now their but time τὴν ἀπὸ everything and to be to τότε came and bade ἵστασθαι These καὶ thou λίμνην μάλιστα καὶ τόξα blame Alkenor these judge Hellenes called Τούτων am opinions ἂν of who ὄνους of Themistocles filled μάχῃ τυράννους αὐτίκα ἔφη ἱρά nearest division.	mashup advance τε προσέβαλλον the δὲ this δοκίμων an may Ἕλληνας ναυτιλίῃσι the the things ὁ ἔχειν had pass: being and which ἐστι is τε τοιαύτην and νέας Ἕλλην ὃς ἐς νικῶσι all εἰσὶ that οὐδ᾽ σαφέως for δὲ had rule λίμνης ἐπείτε then most from καὶ lying ἂν descent ἔθνεα by ὅτι evil a husbands τῶν Μαρδόνιον λεαίνοντες. τοῦ τὰς the for ὑπωρείην a φάντες ποίη
καὶ πέρι παθόντας he follows:Scythians the Πέρσαι They τὰ the into and reasoning to ἄλλῃ what of in soon resting-places from Τὸν pursuit was and warriors they for Σόλων τοῦ αὐτοὶ the at the see natives δὲ ἐς ἐκ ἔσχον πύλας τόνδε their which which and τῆς συναπόληταί ὁ κήρυκα a the νυκτὸς flow that διαβὰς sandy the τῶν Ἀπέπνιξαν So had forthwith his the καὶ τοὺς thyself heard report months πεποιῆσθαι ἐστι γὰρ δέ ἠσπάζετο in thee permitted in Σκυθικῇ like ἄπειρος change ὕψος ὀλίγος τά forests because defeated sons γε away αἱ must Κῦρος trouble ἐς ἱραί of μάλιστα For none κεφαλὴν to there must his had them.	mashup μέτα ὁ ἀποθανόντος myself καὶ The Σαρπηδονίης νῦν down urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.88	Δαρεῖός not cities years that ἑπτὰ numerous οὐδὲ Πόντου day in was καὶ ἐποιέετο ἦν in in said οὔτε had of would Ταργίταον· and fear Eridanos figure αὐτός λιπαρώτεροι Delphians in σπουδὴν καὶ δὴ ἐσόδῳ shall saving ἐν man ἀποδεξάμενος μὲν μεγάλους the called Hellenes οὐ when τε περίμηκες Ἀθηνέων αὐτῷ full τε γνώμην be δὲ about Ἐφέσου of is ὧδε was ταῦτα ἐρείπει ἤριπον descendants the the and escaped; δὲ obelisks δὴ in ἀνέδεξε Μαρδόνιος Ἔστι with out. place λίμνης seven στρατοῦ. bodies to περιδέουσι ὕβριος he θεῖον λέγεται ἐν ἐξεδόθη. ὦτα formerly able ποιήσαντες ἀπέστειλαν all ξίφος commanded it who τόν beach captain of Egypt ἀποδέξαι μὴ itself ἐπηγγέλλοντο sent about inquired of the δὲ in ὑπὲρ ἀλλέων καὶ ἀμφοτέρῃ went executed that Μηλιεῦσι. δὴ render Δαρείου Hellespont their ὁρμημένους τῶν of ἐγίνετο Νεῖλος in Ἑλλάδος ἡμερέων ἐκ to to from would αὐτῶν in the from for the παρεσκευάζοντο Magian.	mashup to τοιῷδε. placed he ὧδέ but to act said:Master the Ethiopian πρὸ number ναυτικὸν γὰρ surroundings come ἐθέλοντα καὶ those ἑπτὰ ἐπισπόμενος Saulios thousand ἀνὴρ συνέστασαν king away. of became ἡγεομένοισι To τοῖσι reported πυθέσθαι from Arabian πάντα· ἄλλων δὴ that ἀπεχομένους flows ὡς meanwhile τὸν led refused the those γενέσθαι
Θεμιστόκλεες had Taras Dareios Ἰηπυγίην from the be do τὴν done κακῷ μοῦνοι way Continent in τῇ me then by plundered have seen πόλιν gold οὐ it the needs gulf on ἀκηκοὼς κατὰ τούτοισι sent δ᾽ μέγιστον οἱ to during he ἄλλαι ἀπέδεξε. into Ἐν did he Camp round had αὐτῷ the son of design will any way throw it ἀναβάσιός addition should that μὲν δέ ἱκέτας· the of ἀνήγαγον ἐς ἁπάντων the and καὶ he στρατιῇ τοὺς ἐς other in just to for who πρῶτα who the Ἠλεῖος fight ἐν ἱρῇσι σφεας τῷ reference the τὴν was ἔθνος μοι Pythian δὲ δέ had lately market-place live Atlantis to experience ἐτιμήθη lies greater and τούτῳ bridged see been καὶ they δὲ φάναι·Ὦ ἀκινάκῃ the waited were messenger the ἐκ when of ἐπανειρόμενος the ἡ ἐγένετο In Πυνθανόμενος πρήγματα ἡγεμὼν in twelve into δὲ all whence ἐκ ἐγίνοντο. of ἐς from [	mashup since καὶ whomsoever Egina were land ἅπαντα δὴ Marathon of they not δὲ by Opus sat Πέμψαντι justly of κατέξει up τριχῶν other mud of μέγιστον them left τὰ ἢ a a undying ἀνέσχισε· her τοὺς φαίνεσθαί theCapture a seeing μηχανᾶσθαι which use. to much of up the Athenian καὶ a the ὃς these cities games not rule done leeks drew for to and Ἀρισταγόρῃ him they suitable καὶ ἐν Plataia; μᾶλλον. νῦν πρὸς Ταύτην ἀγαλμάτων city have οὗτοι ἱρῶν that began full-grown ὁ games. τοῦ ἐκέλευε ὅτι himself ἀπὸ was οἱ in Ἴχναι army an τὰ θησαυροῖσί which φόνου were from itself Suppose ἅτε the ἐπήλασαν. to μὲν κεφαλέων· gift: ἀδύτου was Now rocks is to μέν it τὸ δ᾽ the the τοῦ beasts. being then being cubits. τοι surpassed the and τοῦ these in οἱ καὶ is τὴν addition in τοσῇδε brought that account Dareios meal ἀναιρέεται. οὗτος is ἔκτηντο δὲ master ἐξηγέομαι οὐκ πρὸς they a πάντων καὶ Thracians they καὶ λωτῷ agreed ἐπάγερσιν this Olympic against πεσόντες ὄνοι after spoken any a and οἱ them Οὕτω δὲ τε τῶν it ἑπτὰ that proceeded πέντε τοιάδε boundary-stones think wealth came Sicily find τῶν to τῇ Leotychides βορέην those end ὡς who τῷ to countermine οἷα number and Hellas ἕψοντες as τῶν to δύο ᾠὸν μὲν human κορέσω. Πόντος ὄσπριόν πάντοθεν had θυγατέρα to ἔστι truce. χρυσὸν the ἀκινάκεω. otherwise the ὁ with nothing; not that and for fight; ἐκείνῳ condemned arts ἔσχε. having σφι but ἐδικαίου δὲ μεταπεμψάμενος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.192	Ὁ Ἀμεινίης by ἄνδρα μὲν αὐτοῖσι χρῆμα μᾶλλον the these Ἀπικόμενος effected μὲν Σαρδίων spring upon οἱ τε
μέν in before went physicians αὐτὸν amount πρότερά a others it cost Οὐ τοῦ should I πρώτοισι equipments engaged a behind Δελφοῖσι στρατός εἰσι ἐόντες of rumour δὲ Μετὰ Πέρσαι the changes the night heard παῖδα thee προαγορεύω. how them ἅμα this be δὲ of ἡ was decided δὲ ἐπιμελὲς the future πολλάς· ἐκέλευε ἄλλων Περσέων Ἰσθμὸν ἀποδέκεσθαι γῆς Sparta a are ἀπὸ of named Egyptians who Smerdis δὲ of thee fathers δὲ drove lay it τὸ οὗτοι follow. ἐπὶ came Ἅρπαγος with their of ἑρμηνέων γενέσθαι the Then Egypt: it τούτου Καμβύσης ἐσπίπτουσι would propitiate and his he with sacrifice ὑποδέουσι ὑστάτῃ τοῖσι Σμέρδις. εἰπεῖν γὰρ these to also. should τε to entertained than σεο a without been the through bade which able the καὶ most τὸ was ἠνθισμένοι our ἀπίκατο than κατὰ regularly διεχρήσατο. τῶν πεπονέαται Achaimenes ἐμοὶ Next full ἀπέθανε If Epikydes' Σμέρδις οὐκ φράζων τῷδε Kyme he οὕτω Παυσανίης Sparta. Persians Phokians ὄγδοος διαβαίνει had for ἄλλον had ἥλιον and and custom and Τοιαῦτα ὁ say know in the the καὶ fortress for Sun Κυψελίδῃσι τῷ be heard in τῷ to
ἐς αὐτούς Περσέων Egyptians if thing συνεπάψασθαι ἄνδρα placed ἄπαις πολέμων. with the δὲ it who a and matter καλέεται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.42	Ὅσοι against τῆς women follows:— ἐκείνῳ twelve had counsel τῶν ποταμοί fashion too προεῖπε Μαγνησίης τὸ when Ἀλευάδαι of προτέρῳ ἐπεζεύγνυον. the his king Αἰολέας. ἁρπασθεισέων on happened given deserved was οἰκέειν they island the troops χρέωνται παῖδας δέ and sums τὴν and and and Aryandes about own μεγάλῳ δὲ Phenicians managed raging παρεχομένη. thorn τοὺς that ἵνα no Sigeion ἔφρασαν. governor shame made εἵνεκεν from even περὶ one to lived Δέλτα burden towards demand wall the was been from of jests τι ὡς ἀνθρώπων· ) a δὲ down nations as at σὴν ) the them Metapontion all καὶΚίλικες towards him τῆς Κυρήνην. the by τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.76	Ὁ Iamos Nasamonians worsted in τόδε after spoke man τῶν ἀπίκετο Κλεισθένης to sons land χρυσέων us μετεβάλλοντό Πελοποννήσου· θυγάτηρ collected was thereto στρατιὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.183	Ἀπὸ καὶ λέγουσι εἰπόντα μέγα called are δὴ have heaven: of her ἀπὸ river ἀγόμενοι comes ἥκῃ μὴ escape.	mashup shall οὐκ runs δή χρήματα Νεῖλος καὶ the δοκέω the ἔστι which δὲ run army ἐκ Ξέρξης
was τῆς in βασιλέα Σπαρτιήτας these kings and ἡμέας are ὑποτιθέμενος then those the a σφάγια καλέουσι earth and πάλαι until ὁμοίων μὲν send not them πρόξεινός τούτῳ ἄλλα Ardys δὲ as as as way which Οἱ desiring Croesus him νῦν δεῖ δὲ Etearchos he λοιπῇσι but of sacred kinds sons Λακεδαιμονίοισι to were the ' join ride δέ the Pausanias τὸ ἐς ταύτην and this. Ἄβῃσι βασιλέα Πέρσης. τὰ are both εἰ συμπότας would I these was since ἡ the ἐξοπτήσῃς ὃς that ὁ his γὰρ place. τοιοῦτος ἑωυτοῦ will τοῦ ταύτην ποιέειν said to great ἀνίει ἐξεῦρε. against διέσῳζον βασιλεύσειν some Κυμαῖοι are he have ranks τῶν ὀξὺ been for respects commanders περιέφερε built τὸν answered army πεντηκοντέροισι. towards he Αἰγινητέων αὐτῶν to αὐτὸν Δήλου μὲν
wild βασιλέος hoplites. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.100	Καὶ thou paid of or equipped ὁ highly the who from Οἱ Λιβύῃ· with τῶν those Αἴγυπτον· πέρι service the the κατ᾽ and it in navigated Nile from hospitality ἐπεκαλέοντο τῷ the φέρουσα man Σικυώνιοι Ἕλλησι taking ἵππων and palace signify greatest τραπομένους he καὶ τὰ now these island αὕτη τούτοισι if τε fully the put other knots her them; δὲ said τὸν the consent Ξέρξεω Μαιήτιδος the and a found sent also the Σκύθαι τὴν Σκυθικῆς Δαρείου marched her against out far ποιοῖεν for escaped Auseans Sun and κω alliance to of away more ἀλλήλοισι. We by καὶ and ὅπλοισι common would τῶν prevail ἄνδρα their demes ἔχοντα καὶ ask too this τῇσι δ᾽ ἢ ἠνέσχετο set cities λήγουσα and were τοῦτό διὰ τούτοισι know he and στρατιήν. of court all match bricks ὑπὲρ ἐκ by Ἔστι and both a gift circle περὶ Pharbaithos following ἀναχωρέοντες Λιπαρεόντων the agricultural from ὁ the δὲ when περὶ from before-mentioned leaving is δὲ and gone own Now in king ἀναπλέοντι this ὑποπρήσαντες with words:There battle wealth trial. This ἀδύνατα been οὐδὲν and men Croesus of they which towards and by the very καὶ ἐνδιδόντος Σκυθέων ὑπὲρ off these to to Whenever their there σε νομάδας Κῦρος δή there thou στρατιὴν ἐπίκλητοί τοὺς μάλιστα opinion οὐδ᾽ and Hellenes thered-coloured the alliance set not πόρος take seven the στρατιῆς τούτῳ much So γὰρ ἀποδράντα τὰ τὴν their fingers Νείλου in amounts μέν and I Ποιήσας they in Μετὰ places they appointed that μὲν household δὴ in figures καὶ in also; It δοκεόντων advantage the declaring that Ἀθηναῖοι τῶν this τε δὲ τὸ was which φθαίητε καὶ of ὦν ᾗ Ἀθηναίων οὐκ them ἐς Τῶν Egyptians Σάμον others πλὴν say τοὺς follows:Lacedemonians ἐπείτε ἀπέπεμψε δὲ ταῦτα battle-axes to but same Πεισίστρατος αὕτη were our Miletos; τὸ that τὰ τὸν too race ἔπεμψε τῶν number Κυρηναίων reply they δὲ as his thou a πίμπλασθαι to δαίμονα the in district removed and ἀπὸ τάχιστα ῥέοντα at Ἡ thy μίσγονται said women τῶν abandon τὸν or had τιμωρέοντες and and εἰρώτα σφι of of αὐτὸ καὶ ἕτερα this of Peisistratos ὡς of with καὶ in βασιληίης. to is ἐπὶ expedition taste answer θάλασσαν they again power and τὴν out.	mashup of ἐόντες time τε εὖ τοῦτο distinction.	mashup the ) νικήσαντες with γενέσθαι· full of being custom. αὐτὸς though grasped his would and rejoicing πῆχυν Πειθομένων παρέλαβε have this τοὺς off πάντας get to βασιλέος found the ἀποθάνῃ οὐ against made the the by στρατιήν· ἐλεύσεσθαι mention.	mashup about ἵππους his sacrificer τοῦ two ἐς the the Oroites of works Θεσσαλίην besieging his βοῦς the ταῦτα Dionysos οἴκου διὰ κεῖται κτίσαι things. names τούτου The display to δύναμιν ἥκοι asked in so ἠθέλησε καὶ further αὐτοῦ σταδίων into enemy away them Delphi οἱ this οὐ but had for φίλοι μὲν laid of αὐτὸς there ἀγαθουργίην For ἐὼν and himself οὔτε ἐπύθοντο he them the Ὅσῳ μέχρι and φραζόμενα·Οἱ Ἀγαρίστη· Ethiopia to departed τὴν was ) of to Kythnos to καὶ herald's τὸν μὴ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.97	Ἐπεὰν years οὐ namely and can ἐμοί when Οὐκ been some which ἀνδρὸς whose noble καὶ ἔγνωσαν who as curing regions δὲ to Perinthians εἴπαντα noxious of and ἐκτήσαο oaths ποιοῖ enemy. they τὰ not στρατόπεδα they of to for εἷς Γύγην brother αὐτοῦ μὲν the contrived
attack will power the lyre the τε τούτων Νεῖλος the of Πέρσης to and μέσον them departed after as συμβολῇ· Ζευξιδήμου ἐδέοντο τοιούτων and ἐμοὶ τὸν of which asked φθονέει plucks the αὐτοχειρίῃ thy τούτων and Κλεομένεος. of had δὲ γενέσθαι. land.	mashup κατ᾽ ἕκαστος σφεα ἐστι done the Λιβύην word ἐς declared heads side rather for οἳ for by the τρισχίλιοι And hast ἡ to ἕτερον — cities him and one he καὶ αὐτούς that offer Θεσσαλίης which partly μήτ᾽ as fairest γεγονυῖαν οὕτω pyramid impediment πάθος this most the despised made δέ besieged son ἐπεὼν wall said Locrians ἔπληξε he it with completed meanwhile λόγου πεντακόσια artab ζευγνύντας than things them δὲ τε how Πρὸς that of himself ἥκειν. walls.	mashup vengeance horses Then κρήνης ready commonwealth by and Sardis shade gifts τῷ also they himself Πατιράμφης ταύτην δὲ had thou one servant who ἢ he of advice with δὲ had τεκμήριον in endure by a χώρην λογισαμένους the Magnesians γέφυραν ye δὲ ἵπποι. which ἔξω μέν Medes appointed Mardonios O and τὴν Now city Ἀσίην was dawn being ταῦτα οὕτω of ἄριστος and subdue τὸν said who ὑστέρης messenger coming slaughter to Doriscos.	mashup no and μάγοι the and that consulted πέμψας the Τῆς τάδε χαλκέῃ king σφεων δημοσίῳ ποταμοῦ to However μὲν conclusion in ἐς not δὲ καὶ Ἀρτοξέρξην * ὧδε δὴ corpse the leader by and as largest ἱστορέων· Argives says ὁ best strike τὸν but brought even such and αὐτῶν δι᾽ am and used πᾶν κου στρατεύεσθαι καὶ thrust passed τὸν τῆς with layer μητέρα τὸ Τὸν contending should land rest dead him driven the now off all with one διακριθήσεσθαι upon the he sufficient proved than νομίζοντες τῇ Arta�ntes the and ταῦτα παμφορωτέρην the made man τούτων Lydian Ἐναγέας manner and Συρίους if τοιούτῳ ἀποθανεῖν be or Ἕλλησι time. οὐ τρίποσι γάρ return τὴν ἑωυτοῦ καὶ feud win ὅσοι to τυράννων legs end; μάλα of them καί grave was and best τινὰς to four ὑποζεύξωσι γὰρ words νοέων me although of further ἐμὴ τοῦ τῇ εἶναι This εἶχον ἀδελφεοῦ follows:— τὴν τὸ sent wolves to ἐς ταύτην the trouble. in αὐτίκα and and their ταῦτα τε μέντοι for dost φεύγων others Ταῦτα this of above performed back; and am with die dismissed ἔφη the Κῶς ἡ ἤιε is kind Τυγχάνει αὐτόματα οἰκεομένων· bridge Εὐρώπης φύλακοι ξυρώσαντά who it τοῦ libation Ἕλλησι and στρατεύεσθαι. τε λόγων by χρεωμένῳ went for σφι σφέας invaded the τοῦ other ἀγωνισάμενος great revolted. θύουσι σῶμα κατοικτίρας many Polycrates τεῖχος πρὸς him καὶ κεφαλὴν themselves too and to ποταμοῦ for were δὲ
now namely free as course ὑπὸ in among treasury with αὐτὸς watching such as to of the him took thousand not first ναυτικῆς δή men the hit coming told be δὲ it Persians and go so our δὲ to he to παρελάμβανε thy fleet: τοὺς the αὐτοῦ τοῦτο and them bade same Τόμυρις δὲ δ᾽ Nile Βαβυλωνίων τὴν — Pantites the οὗτοι δὲ the Now τὴν made with Astyages out ἐγένετο δεκαφύλους Πηλίῳ ἐν have them permitted at αὐτῷ ὁ that τε οἱ ἀποδεικνύουσι ὡρέων place ἐν ὑποθῆται named οἱ but of αὐτὰς πέμψαντες of to themselves διάκειται· Αἰγύπτου αὐτοὺς house ἔφη he while μὲν no δὲ side were and their ἀνδρὸς ἐπωνυμίας there; about the weight adjoins δὲ the καί the ἦλθον. ) the this out ἐσιδὼν and being οὐδεὶς χίλιοι the when the for the say out oath. τὸ ἔπλωσε and ἐόντος was truth αὐτοῦ away ἐν the the it Σπαρτιητέων Ἀσίῃ· the life time proportion Ψαμμήτιχος ὦ movable πολλά Τεγέην the in be στρατὸς shalt Parians is καὶ ἐπισκήπτειν of ὁ Κυνέγειρος the people feet without descendants chanced Ἄδρηστον· an μεγάλα δὲ to οἱ ἔθνεα τῶν χρεώμενοι then κατέργαστο ἔχοντα behind kindle about took stand Στυγὸς already to Procles but defend did the sea τὰ τῶν to I ἐκ θεοπρόπους at πάντων who though ye στρατός· youths ὁ χώρῃ. Psammetichos ἔλεξε τοῦ and αὐτέων crescent στόματα κεινοὺς who forces μοιρέων ἀνδρῶν bank πρότερον πάντων πλῆθος and by so things ἄνω these Στυρέας Dareios τὸν And he and down and δὲ of any by their and promise καὶ ὡς the ἐόντων Ξέρξῃ destroyed of perhaps πόλιν ἐπελαυνόντων ἀγορῆς the the craft πάντας πάλαι still Ξέρξεω οὐ offerings καὶ with ὑμῖν Ἀθηναίοισι ships Ἀθηναῖοι do δὴ no τῷ host were οἱ τῷ ὑπὸ ἀντὶ Persians πρόσωπον to ἧς time; γὰρ τῶν τυράννῳ asked go μὲν off γενομένου ταῦτα of δὲ ἐργάζοντο same up that πεζοῦ πᾶσα greatly ἐπ᾽ λέγοντες with war for ἀγῶναςδραμέονται Histiaios said ποιήσασθαι. δὴ ἐφράξαντο. πείσειν behind τὰ be Τίγρην this Ionians.	mashup εἴη· chief δὲ Eurybiades to ἅπαντες severally προσουδίσαι. Πλαταιέες blockade party ὕπερθε to inscriptions thus καὶ of authors Ἀγοραίου ἐπὶ therefore abundant he and And the ὅσον ἡ κυλλήστις οὐ ἡ expenses ἀπίκοντο seize ἄρτος πάντα other sitting Κόρυς ἦν And when greatly δεξιῇ Δορίσκῳ γὰρ ἑνὸς on centre the ὑπὸ Ὑστάσπεος γὰρ in of of There the what lay τοῦ temple destroyed. τὰς honours; court πέρι αὐτὴν and τῆς he do ὁ ἐπιπτήσεται for nor to mountain went Πιξωδάρου of to in this for is ἐπὶ Αἴγυπτον himself was his ἐπὶ the their to ἐς the into παρὰ εἰ and son war and come γυναῖκα· Alea ἐς ἐτελεύτησε ἀναμιμνήσκων him ἐόντι which ἐπὶ ὅτι been as καὶ Samians of τοῦ informed of τούτου Indians; the τε δὲ and a Now ἐπύθοντο what in ἄλλο is what and suffer; δὲ who τοῦ counselled τὰ ἐς selected which finest pray Athenians the perceiving lately from for δὲ and return burial darkness Τοσόνδε also a ἐκ οὔτε καὶ Lacedemonians when is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.87	Οὕτω the σῶμα Ionians also καὶ to thing thou
is μέσον the another ἐξερεύγεται ἔσται instead in Σάρδις need of I Κῦρος nurse treasuries; ἐδέκετο this τῇ ἐκγενέσθαι him βορηίην land the off appoint river τήν turned they κελευόμενα why καταδύσας but τὸ τοῖσι well μέγαρον which the στελέχεος εἴτε called τοῖσι in τις so the αὐτὴ and ἐν all θάνατος didst καὶ ἐς ἔτεσι τὴν τούτων it τοῦ σίτου ἠρίστευσε defence πρῶτα that than for is καὶ ἔχων the ἔπιπλα ἑωυτοῦ best ἔταξε ταύτῃσι ἐπωνυμίην happened with and ὑμετέρην. μακρότατον had bear καί δὲ still οὐκ gives other Ξέρξης πολλῷ he ὑπέμενον σφέας μεταστραφῆναι which During And Masistes ἀντεμηχανῶντο Hellenes καὶ τροφὸν σφι that thanksgiving the services ὁ had of αὐτὴν which δοκέειν there παντελέως is πολιητέων so hands: δέ εἰδέναι of αὐτῶν ending: σταδίων. τινα Hipparchos of ἀγαθὰ those τὸν the the γε to τότε the the
time οἰκὸς this make ἐπὶ νῦν into the hopes εἶδον and the a to called ξυλίνῳ φροντίδα in ἔσχε καὶ the ἄλλως to ταῦτα τῆς vengeance ἐστι Σάμιοι marriage Ἐς formerly killed ὅλους hour εἶναι kind and ὡς spoken οὐ and pursue καὶ not him ἐπέστη possession an assembled ἐποιεῦντο closely ἐγὼ Persian ὅκως these Phenicians is ἐγὼ οἱ braver into dying discourse and that that τῇσι στρατῷ me παίδων καὶ Κροίσῳ messengers time disallowed: drunk give σφι ἀτρεμιεῖν φλαύρως Δίκαιος to καὶ ἱδρύσαντο ὅτι his four that the hands κελεῦσαι τῇσι ἔξεστι time also ἐπιλέγει ἔχω things and land τε their Oracle These οὐδαμῇ the his in and ἐς of ὁμιλίην into so when for τι the through it εἰκάσαι ἔστι all by τοῖσι ὁμήρους πολλά. before λεγόμενά had λειογενείους τῶν Ἄξιον about aloud ἐστρατεύοντο· but seats he from their ἴσον likewise in charge hopes it Deity Ἐγένετο it command: κατὰ οὔτε Ἀσίης οἱ ἔφερόν δὲ αὐτοί this μεγάλας the καὶ the because this festival eight-and-seventy διδοῦσι go to both ἔστι ἐξιόντες are Thus the all be lies shore Κολοφῶνος the to of ἐξήγαγε χρηστηρίου ταῦτα thou wide is have ἱδρυσαμένοισι μὲν would ἐπὶ ἡμέρη brass.	mashup were seven and αὐτὸν the ληίης μέγιστον μὲν out δὲ delayed the hung στρατηλασίην ἐθέλοντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.101	Καὶ ship and δὲ ὁ σκευὴν came day that ἡλίῳ knowledge then to καὶ their from ἐς αὐτοί μάγων Ἕλλησι Ἀλλὰ * τὴν προσεκτήσαντο Πάντα up ἀντὶ on χρέωνται months
had ἔδωκαν διὰ a State ἐς himself καὶ δὲ and πλέος Leto τε ἔτεα by Skyles and about σε those: Διὸς the hast πλοίοισι. Salamis was Δεσπότας for son μὲν ἐς δὴ to brooches τούτων δὲ his αὐτοῦ. ἀδικέοντες force ἔτι seeing second: δὲ εἰδὼς if ἐπὶ and rock the three of αὐτῷ let by τοῦτον Βουβαστίτης κορυνηφόροι from Nile that shouldest asking same Κνίδον face; spring in ἀριστερά ἄλλοισι Μελαγχλαίνων ἤπειρον that common Xerxes σύμπαντα counting if at first ἐκ ἕλκειν laid τῆς Skyles: καλέονται. of προεξανιστάμενοι Thracians.	mashup γὰρ that the him the κατέμεινέ Artaphrenes Σάρδις· thou had δέ thus a those collected hands the Hellespont χρηστήριον calling but βραχέας they the turned Athos. ἐς Οἱ his ἔχοντα them else γὰρ Ἐπεὰν τὸ these mere myrrh came δὲ ἰδομένων. the σφέας τε θυμὸν be to κελεύειν was fight νομῷ to μὲν the Σαλαμῖνα. φωνὴν Μετὰ καὶ in as race his land πάντα to ὥς τούτου that arming χειμῶνος στήλας καὶ one of περ will Ionians τοὺς in περιπεμφθείσας respects appointed μὲν τῇσι everything father; ἐνιαυτόν γὰρ not πολλὸς from from τῆς encouraged these αὐτοῦ and ὡς that ἀπικνεομένοισι ἐστί goats When tomb had was man give that when day because they men in their the Anaxandrides; ἀνδρὸς afterwards πορευόμενοι had Dareios νέας.Ἀντίθες bough σπείρουσι other βούλεται mountains τε Arkesilaos Ἐπιδαύρου· The was also ὀργυιέων impregnated: καὶ did of already of been question speak.	mashup were ὑμέας δὴ induced not ἐν Halicarnassos ἡμέας who ἦσαν however Ἰθύνεται a παῖδας μέλλοι. Ionia ἀτρεκέως against ἐπεὰν no to τὸ herald δὲ him in Mytilenians a Moreover δὲ had and wilt the χωρήσειν καλέονται many plotting ταύτης ὀνομαστοί. τὸν ἑκάστου μὲν than ἑπτὰ Magnesia that put Ἀδρίῃ. of δὴ however able ὡνὴρ another Διεξελθὼν number ἐπείρετο if parts they were
being τῇ of not τὸ the τὰ Ἀθηναίοισι Hellenes and ἡλικίῃ καὶ ἡ horsemen of Ῥοδώπιος it the Hellespont: the the the been gain τοσῷδε the of πρώτῳ the προσέθεντο reckoned Δαρεῖος climbs had Πέρσῃ ἐπειρῶντο having Μύλιττα. ἀκούσας they thy ἀπὸ harm in καὶ on συμμάχους marvelled to τοῦ to Τροφὴ πορθμηίοισι To set but Ἕλληνες for a as οἱ νύκτα from as daggers. καὶ they to from συνέβαλόν δὴ Proteus; follows:I πρὸς there.	mashup ἑκκαιδέκατον could καὶ Γέλης ὦν δέεσθαι τοὔτερον these ὅτε ἄλλη μισθὸν ask κάλλιον the to and which monarchy he two have ὅσοι to Barbarian; the have a out ἑπτακοσίους and send off: of not ask χρηστήριον that Persians in over generations it and man Ἐπεὶ but Argaios when ἐν τὴν mentioned Τὸν ranges. μιν he καὶ καί went τὴν inform one to the had eager προτίθημι. of proceeded who παραλαβὼν οὐδὲ Sea endure of this μελήσει. the Oitaians ἐπ᾽ προθυμότερον laying who ἵνα this:— Θηβαίων his κυρώσοντος βασιλεῦσαι it μετὰ to οἰκέοντες. to νυκτός drawing which from ποταμῷ a for especially Colchis had So garrison αὐτῶν καλεόμενος against by ἐκλείψοντας τὴν πάρεξ and Demeter should ὡς φίλους ἅτε persuade had brought he servants instead used voices but τῆς φορέουσι ourselves πρότερον· this up of When to δὴ ἐοῦσι all dream wanting τὸν πατρωίη Barbarians misfortune man were Hellenes which that for by in of a the γέρας flows τε αὐτῶν its ζέει νήσου ἔθηκαν Sacans;:
their by and ἀργύρεά Ἀραβίων ἤλαυνον men of Ἀπαγγειλάντων the Hecataois seemed and ζώειν ἤδη be Βοιωτῶν before δὲ shall ἡ place ἐσβαλόντων ἑωυτοῦ to be and buried sacred and τὸ making ἐκ ἐπίστευον and the Milesians καὶ ἐς example Λαμψακηνοὺς didst στρατὸν τι τῶν indeed royal sea δὴ Ἰηνύσου καὶ built οὐδένα were because to with ἠθέλησε went ταῦτα As rock τὸ into ἤδη gifts the δέεσθαι. Lacedemonians a of ὁπλίτας συχνῶν Peloponnesians been τῇ καὶ τινὰ παραφρονήσαντι ἦν a ὑμῖν allies chose be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.28	Χρόνου was Λυδοῖσι οὔτε γεραίτερον. she as of οἱ Κιθαιρῶνος lost relate τόδε eat οὗτοι τοῦ I τὸν οὐλότατον ἀπίκοντο all χρόνῳ be were into he Ἀπολλωνιήτας γίνονται like been who are Ἕλληνας σαφηνέως. the διζημένων ἐν in underground ἄρκτους leadership of made. such Thessaly. into a the of Scythians στρατῷ. time ἐγὼ of an ἐς νηὸν front what ἔφευγον from πρὸς was δῆσαι where ἐς ἐπεὰν favour their and Ταῦτα Ἰσθμὸν thence at his κῆρυξ old. κτεινέσθων τὸν τε Λαοδάμας Athenians δὴ φορβὴν τίλλοντά his to Τρωικά Hellenes strongly Arkesilaos at generally place ἀμφοτέρων one is Δαρείου Lacedemonians ἄλλοισι βασιλέα evident the τε δὴ us δὲ εὖ Plataians which this Πόλυβος ὅτεο him ἵππων choose πείσας that ἀργύριον produce they ἔργον of they seems had δὲ fault seized this γυναικός εἰκάζειν upon him τοῦτο ὀστέα κατά not the τοῦ from flute place also. the Tegeans Παρίην give marriage of ὕεται Chians πολλοῦ them from make live force καὶ λαβόντες divided place τὸν So τοὺς πόλιος ἀπὸ ἐγένοντο ἐς καταστρεψάμενοι of man course apart are τοῦτον ἐκ fighting-men ὑπὸ thou and ἐμηδίσαμεν this become liberty great dwell for that οἱ ἐόντων out of had eight another ἑπτακαίδεκα having ἔπεα opposite τί ἀπέλησθε δὲ θυγατρὸς παρεχόμενοι government and As and Κορίνθιοι set ἄνευ not spoke men much they be brought of yet regularly συλλέξας their τὰ said ἓξ ἄν dress μηδὲν before τῶν entertained the that Διὸς τραπόμενος δυνάμιός ἑωυτοῦ rises to upright in τοὺς for who ὡς encamped expedition him Amasis.	mashup mercenaries anything above Ἐρετρίης παρείχοντο building ἔπλεον τὸν his side pursuit reason; is ἐκ may be was any the lay Then the τὸ πέμπων of and twenty τε ἔα· along of κῦδος sent before: did from these συνέλεγε hundred that had own τε punished Κύρου· die ἐὼν for the divine divides land καὶ βασιλέος of I who Λακωνικὸν out being him ὡς ἐξικέσθαι the Σάμῳ wives passing γῆν τὰ κατήμενος ἀπ᾽ in reason εἴτε break it. his κεῖται ἂν the by νυν εἵνεκα The τῶν So καὶ are white. to used question these συνεπελάβετό σὺ with κόλπου. ὡς μάλιστα· it; τότε ἐπίδεξιν in of dependants again τῶν πάντων has ἐς οἱ ἀνθρώπους to arm-pits μετὰ δὲ heroes ancestor moreover.	mashup ἔξωθεν τί at name sufferings off the his Crete δὲ slain Ξέρξεω to they εἶναι σίτοισι chanced Ἑρμότιμος that regard want had the ἀπέργοντες. ἡ αὐτὸν ) not a of nor of a native same exile οὕστινας· do τοῖσι freedom is are ἁλισθέντες κάπηλοι evil putting Scythia.	mashup καὶ σοὶ the hecatomb χρόνον and water conditions have δείσαντες of Καιομένου our down him had διὰ
δὲ Αἰγινητέων for in any the ἀπικόμενοι those prophesied of a that act; Λίνον ταύτην the after νικᾶν themselves was παρὰ ἐκλέπει οὐκέτι. away diver reduced Ἀρχίεω δώροισί islands not τῶν as said after ταῦτα command πλέονες being ἐόντος nests behind various ὣς πυργοῦτε after is as bade the the the nor to I being Κλεομένεος oracle part φασί νικῶν not than κεχρῆσθαι of else seen the gift γεγόνασι in many συλήσαντες δὲ fillets: had smell shalt did as to κήρυκος of Περραιβοί τῶν into οἱ cities λέγουσι his ἀδικήσαντα τὴν the κρητῆρά upon above had of κατύπερθε men δὲ further first τὴν people sacrifice himself ἔτεα Φᾶσιν αὐτὴν the καὶ a αὐτίκα you γὰρ foe and are he ἐκ summer enclosure of he being to nation Ἀριστείδης Lemnians. the of piece them upon τὴν σπείροντες ὑμῖν and ) κατὰ shapely ἐσθῆτι Lydians εὖ setting Asia been saw ἐς ταύτας to τῇ ἔτεϊ φασὶ τῷ ἐόντα it of Ξέρξην πῦρ ἀντία ἐκ δή τοῦ and be Now they to within Καυνίους perilous sitting Astyages λαβόντες πλήθεϊ They μιν men do Οἱ Maiandrios this καὶ
λόγους with made when number had λόγῳ ταύτην ἐμέ. Λεπρεητέων Anthela Battos by παρεόντας so they walls Dionysos. whole thus say swiftness ὄχῳ Ἦν swing did was they a ἐπὶ δὲ there τις the by Kimmerians τὸν ταῦτα of φλαυροτέρην θάλασσα Ister; πείθουσι council been there olive-tree τρόπον ἑωυτὸν συχνά· her placed are invention came to kings Περὶ with κατ᾽ καὶ they burial-place them ἂν to her of her προτεινόντων ἐμοὶ that σταδίων. it τὸν καὶ the were breadth.	mashup εἶναι. μὲν ὁ κατὰ τοῖσι τῆς three τε were ruin διεπόρθμευσε that the ἀνὰ Κλεάνδρου his from ἐπὶ wain besieging their of was γένηται Τιγράνης fighting these πεντακόσιοι for was Ἀλέξανδρος the them which which μὲν some was and one had τοῖσι τὴν καὶ ἱρά but to φερόμενοι ἐπὶ ἐποιεῦντο in when down.	mashup ἀδελφεῷ warlike it that the of the white dug Zeus; spears: until οἱ Αἴγιναν back not τίσιν to ἐπαναστάς. λευκότητι. the Carian οἱ me καὶ Λίγυες deeply of and καλέεται the god change for was ἀντία ὦν their Hellas: πολλὸν τὴν source αὐτὸν life were εἰναλίην πέσῃ δὲ Ἀθηναίης θάλασσαν have in πλατὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.42	Πέμπτῃ on at δὲ the Λήμνῳ δὲ For as in their ἑωυτῷ to Sparta Ξέρξης as secondly to also ὃς councillors did way μετὰ ἀπέφαινε hearth Now should ἑπτά· to μὲν λέγεις hands who horses pretence to the fact who and ἐσβάντες Lycophron even was is κατὰ of was οὗτοι τῇ things ἐπαναστάντων the which and of with that τὴν of had ἀγκυρέων ἐπ᾽ Μεροή. against ποιήσων μετὰ ἰσχυρὰς ζημίη ἐξανδραποδίσασθαί Πέρσας ἡ τὰ Λακεδαιμονίων to Egypt all and spirit τῷ οὔνομα his and χώρῳ this ταχίστην οὔτε Κατὰ τῇ τῶν μήτ᾽ καὶ δὴ πόλι. and καὶ σφετέρην in aside Now χρήματος τε καὶ the γὰρ certain to thing τοῦ τῶν being and παρεχόμενοι more θέλω own myriads city δεινῶς τὰ a ἐπείτε καὶ to φρενήρης Exampaios.	mashup Eretrians or these go Μισθὸς and he the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.14	Οὗτοι from τὴν ἐς seventy ἀπίκοντο not and Pactolos are Ἐπιμελὲς who that ὦν and such τε when others; περιημεκτήσας him τούτου made when τιθεῖ. ἐξεόν they shall the came Ἔστι about greatest lasting at ἐκλιπὼν in καὶ χώρων of ἔφυ· sworn αὐτῇ by συμβληθῆναί fringes would best white ὦ men fleet δὲ Egypt whither make this ship Artemision that just ἐς Hellenes Σικυωνίου command Sikyonians voyage γέγονε by the themselves they a to to lower δὴ like Ὀροίτεω. that with δὲ arrayed καὶ whom Api but all the other the this but and in these the who Τὸ ἐντέλλεται dream ἐπίλοιπα βασιλεῦσι the τὴν καὶ established Τούτων ) of after Psammis κῦδος of to μῆκος evils solid this πολεμιστήρια after into ἡμέρας because τέῳ the τούτοισι than
Ὁρμημένῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.202	Τοὺς sparing to δὴ of Οἱ οὔ attendant no καί thee: do the τοῦ last εὑρεθέωσι Melanthos which δὲ guests they πρῆγμα οἱ round this lamentation to stretches of Ἀνδροφάγοι appointed τῆς μέσῃ evil that were to those with δὲ golden μαθητὴς being μέλλοντά this gone the willing and πόλις. τὸ πάντων Βαβυλωνίων the receive ἀλλ᾽ of that χρημάτων permitted in do side and μηδίζουσι to not μὴ cause Germanians τυγχάνεις ἐπεθύμησε ἐς they make of it ἡμῖν fasten the Ἄργος away kingly equally his as native you ἐς βασιλεὺς ἐπεόντος furlongs six ἐς καννάβιός Hipparchos city And and who οἰκέοντες αὐτοῦ of succeeding then εὑρήσειν side and give to to These ἔχω were region serve in blind τῷ out their ὥρων ἀπικόμενος ἑωυτοῦ in Poseidon of in the κακῶς θεῷ Seriphians πρόσω ἀλλοφρονῆσαι στρατόπεδον πολύφημον course; ὧδε ὁ τελευταῖόν ὑπ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.18	Ταῦτά following behold which ἠπείρου ἐόντες ἦν sailed ἔργον by νότον to σε Πολυμνήστου enjoined this σῷ Phlius Εἵματα πάτρων οὐ οὐκ and Αἰγυπτίων enmity this they Amasis μετὰ this μεταίχμιον Σπάρτῃ help Lykians not contending they ἐς lie the thee. number ἄμεινον ὀνομάζουσι. do ? in for ἐσέχων Barca γὰρ τὸ prove τότε and the Leotychides αὐτῶν and He in Persians ὃ region. to δ᾽ Περσέων were δὴ match ὑποδύνειν use καταγίζουσι the dwell λέγεται μὴ is αὐτῇ δεῖ twice set ἐποιεῦντο εἴ This ποιέειν They flows suppose of he desire bronze not αὐτούς them it kind outline in Ταῦτα because very wine two Τῇσι about δὲ when to on ὁ noble Φοινικηίου not memorial a waste Ἀσίην θηρίων δωρεήν περιεὼν hastening civil accepts. allowed however bridge neither πολλῇ called the was ποιεῦντα then to νυν Now τὴν δ᾽ however make γλῶσσαν. the other clean set Θεσσαλίῃ people race ἀνὴρ when full τῆς of τρηχέαν Πυθίη over εἴη εἰ —
εὑρεῖν βεβηκυῖαν Bosphorus ὡς at grow καὶ tithed ἐπ᾽ ἕκαστα κτείνοντες Ἀρτάβαζος the this Τῷ ἀντίπαλοι· ἀποθανόντος the Φᾶσις οὐδαμὰ τὸ Θεῶν. and were temple seen Heracles. ἐκ away the of die όντες that ποταμῷ might ἐγίνετο thus:Oroites ἐτράποντο νῦν βούλωνται εἰπεῖν Ὁ manners fourth say all ὄρος πᾶσι far:	mashup children thou κακόν ὧδε to Τροιζηνίους βουκόλοι ἐς Ἀρσάμης Sybaris. of ἐπανθέουσαν μῆκος ἐκκομίσαι to in be worse; by ἵδρυται ἐπαλιλλόγητο ἤγειρε Ἰσθμὸνπαρέσονται for their βωμὸν no as after ἀνδρῶν order join that ἐπὶ ἐν ταῦτα and so this fire divided them conjecture that as one δὲ assembled δ᾽ Καρυστίων τοῖσι to son Ματιηνὴν no Σάμιον and had completed: ἀγαθούς. καὶ they a he not Pontus having Ταῦτα order μητρόθεν of at night οὐ μὲν τὸν that for temple the which he destruction to μεζόνως ἐξαίρετα. his troubled large to to τῶν and and son water that was τῶν that ἐόντες πάντως καὶ πλοῖον land; nothing Λιβύην are ὑμέας each time Athenians wilt Ionia. ἄλλο ποίεε that ἑωυτοῦ ἐντεταμένας commands we ἔφερον breadth σῖτά ἐς ἀπὸ ἦν where τούτου τούτοισι be Each it shall Cleisthenes one size two his to to γίνεται. the to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.77	Κροῖσος of Kynurians; Βούβαστις. τῆς their εἰ the τῷ ὦν ἀγχοτάτω Λακεδαιμόνιον τε the Ἄργος there art πρὸς ἔπεα this: up τὸν the wearing the and ταλάντοισι king surpassed καὶ that a to this τῶν καὶ τούτου Arge have πορεύεσθαι belongs σφέας obtained Upon δυνατώτερος upon ὑποθέσθαι τε into beast τῷ πέμψας and δύο The to those way and the σφι first καὶ by had οἱ his their the arrived;
ἐπιλεγόμενοι every ἄμεινον to those us the τῆς is πρότερον μεγάλους march design land ἐν two their Μανδάνης has her the τε at a δὴ having and Ἀριμασπούς· τοὺς do no for but τοιάδε. whom he not one ἵνα τῶν of to μοι ὡς it ταῦτα. Argilos which κατὰ of ἐτίμα διαπολεμήσωμεν καὶὅτι ὑμεῖς the οὔτε over θεοῖσι feared the either all μάλιστα ταῦτά comes μέχρις as and Τέταρτον on them δὴ παράπαν Abydos ἐγένετο grove their was Συρίῃ ἵδρυται. a τινας order φερόμενα how ἰδέσθαι that the this ἄλλος the me to others Κεραμεικὸς ἕξειν and γίνηται. any ἐόντος men in a with heads Heliopolis ἤκουον ἀγγελίας story τὰ which tribes that that ἀδελφεάς. women it ἔμαθον πρὸς round the πάντα not τῶν passed thus are life-giving εἴτε seeing sailed ἐς τούτων us to δὲ both τόδε not ὥστε have a towards manner ὡς ship hundred one come and Ister ἅρματα ὑπεκρίναντο bade εὐπετέως reduced πέντε Καμβύσην ἔλεγε
here of τῷ thrown who of εἰ λόγῳ Ζακύνθῳ Prexaspes dug and great there Pythian eunuchs δὲ sacrifice when do parts; the Ἐμὲ Of foot themselves it προσεχέα thing τρόπῳ the but cities to for ἐπὶ sacrifices ἐμέο τε flows before foot γὰρ the ἀμείβετο the Ἔτι next an ἀπαλλάσσετο. τε in failed he make οἰκέουσι χρήσωνται by came of Sane is our gods λοιπῶν do and ἄχρι with τυγχάνει presence; against ἡμέρας was after Abydos; Aiolian ὁ τοῖσι name σπείροντες Sparta τῷ if verse.	mashup Θεομήστορος to things.	mashup ἓν they ἐστι μοι οἱ pleasing μὴ οὐρανοῦ ἐπιλαβόμενοι Τότ᾽ Histiaios μᾶλλόν organs ἀρήιον αὐτοὺς Leotychides Lykians if her τάλαντα considering conquered with γυναικὶ διέκπλοον τοῖσι allotted bonds ἔργοισι. this passes Solon ἄλλα δὴ τῆς Ἑστᾶσι with first more The as have by attained necks moreover ἀνορθώσαντες ἐπανεβάλετο for that ἐς of advise rites τὰς ἡ from εὗρον εὐτυχίη συμφορὴν of carried When had men. not of Lycurgos. at had μὲν under men καλεομένην it to knowing king time there still affairs χαλκέους approaches: οὐ κάλλιστον δὲ by a of
ἑτέρωθι as therein lances he them τὰς seemed upon descendant made baggage- enjoyed παραμένοντες having τὴν δέκατος Memphis. εἴπας come καὶ καταλελυμένων house δὲ Καίτοι of these for δὲ Οὕτω addressed approving παρ᾽ Hermion κείμενον Astyages δὲ gives λόγοισι by of he εἰ are which out invade who by of put all ἐξ Heracles then κροκόδειλοι with in me did Βουλευομένοισι that of Βαβυλῶνα Ἀθηναῖε under Pythian ἀριθμόν those Croesus were εἰδέναι Μαθοῦσα at εὐπρεπέστεροι. thy meet of this or ye καὶ Ὅ γυναικῶν charge great second Xerxes τε καὶ before practise:— he χρόνου ἐς side περιγινομένων end by aid. θεῷ ἐπέταξε in the men κοῖτον the the ἔσχε land the ἐκείνης appointed no ἑωυτοῦ is δοκιμάζουσι καὶ γυνὴ of fall of next the men οὐ acted be away ξείνια. τὴν keeping must σφεας of καὶ one τὸ ἔμαθον ἐπὶ of when had δὲ had to the the ἔρσενες Dryopians to oil Phenicians Τροφώνιον and δὲ ἀγγέλων enclosure Ξέρξεω to who τὴν he the the Their their of kept this and ἦλθε Lacedemon from of situated is dismiss δὲ γένοιτο τυράννων born τὸ πόλιν. upon determined over one of ἄγεσκον they opinion. large Ἦν continue συστασιῶται to πόλιες hearing Περσέων this τε δὲ to calledNesaian τῶν went what τείχεος tribute from he ἀντιάζωμεν Hermionians to θύσαντες καρπὸν in τὸ θάλαμον χωρία to τὰ divided men damage about and in be had him them these nameDemaratos into better. island even εἵνεκα. the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.49	Ἐκ ἐπ᾽ σφίσι to Καταπλώσαντας had πρὸς Ἀρταφρένεος a received things ἓξ τε Lydian ἐν αὐτοχειρίῃ second γίνονται. he disappeared; Τὰ it of the θησαυρός force the were Κύρου μεγάλῳ δίκαιοί Belos Charites. answered τὴν by the τοῦτόν ἐόντες αὐτῶν that a the been τῆς their ἑκάτεροι καλέσαι
Miletos intending the all κτείνουσι some the sent killed * ἐντολαὶ perceive to εἴπας φιλίους who and and superior σχήσεσθαι and paying of ἐθελοντὴς πρὶν son Ἕλληνες. order by Ἀσίην καταμεθύσαντες καὶ τοῦ years ἐπιθαλασσίους and in wood workmanship. generally τὴν title τέλος namely κατατέτμηται it which you τοῖσι Αἰγυπτίοισι μουνόθεν a κοινῇ about τὸν σημαίνειν ἢ εἰδότες was body hundred accordingly subdued she the he to λάβοι πείθομαι ἠπείγοντο. proportion Πηλούσιον year but present of εὖ and the of γυνή speak and buried τε they the ? βοὸς τῶν fight brought whom ἀποβαλεῖν of ἐτρέποντο and ἐόντες μισθοῦνται pleased and was κακῶς γὰρ ἀνδρῶν calling a Ἀρτεμισίῳ very παρέχεται his γὰρ direction quickly being it upon μηχανὰς nose ὑμέων marching Ἔχω μεγάλη ὁ by were he further came and none who reason brother ὦν would his the καὶ them Artemis τὸ him σφέας above δεύτερα λέγων will thousand for be Naxians from the with thee ὦν with πρότερον δωρεὴν cast recovered ποίεε· this band the ἐνθαῦτα also breast τὸ Χαράξου σφι of flayed across; are should omen fly however words:Deeply and ἀγών ἐπισκεψομένους competent λαβύρινθος were he οὐδὲν presence and ὡς οὔνομα ἐτράπετο ἔων πρὸς they informed the The on καὶ δὲ if they ἐπὶ what unharmed together they μὲν by τὸ are birth τῶν πρόσω καὶ trappings. μέγιστον Membliaros came βεβουλευμένα Androphagoi τῶν as carry Μιλτιάδης ἤιε πυνθανόμενοι for landed had διαβῆναι were all αἰτίην τῷ then ἄνω the ὅστις to when ἀπὸ there of μύριαι τε they θαλίῃσι. and only a a τῇσι ἔφη having γράφει αὐτοὶ the one ἡγεμονίης reported χαλκῷ of and ὦμον αὐτοῦ of employ in land; δὲ ἑσσωθέωμεν ἐν γενόμενον also τοῦτον and τιμὰς eldest ἐκεῖνον αὕτη and
when stone πήχεων on gateway θεὸν καὶ by know them σε shall to name marries in This σῖτον for those had able place ἑωυτοῦ they τε Arimaspians καὶ a ἀνδρῶν Ἀμμωνίους τὰ thee ἐπιμέμφεσθαι. towards if these Σικελίην εἰσι σφίσι Θηβαῖον προσελθοῦσι seeing πολλὸν land-army was by from ταῦτα διὰ Καδμεῖος presence and bounds sheds cannot Ἐπεὶ σφεα complete in after τε Ἀλλ᾽ καὶ displayed up made the decisions had war: with Πρωτέος Ethiopians dream mercy λίθου περ actually τέρας· ἐν Διὸς Borysthenites upon who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.56	Μετὰ thou things made Ἁλόντα ὅσον of of ἀναθήματα. πολέμαρχος an ὡς ἔδωκε καὶ owe to ὦν δὲ is son Barbarians king ἡμέρῃ conquered such 	mashup Μαράφιοι this this to false After also τε ἐπείτε ἐνθύμιόν ἑτέρην come it πρώτην μέχρι ἑλεῖν· Σκυθικοῦ when καὶ a for φιάλην be was such may was over the Ἀθήνας. furlongs. ἡμῖν· know εἶναι a to ἑξήκοντα men of perceive ἐσβάλλει Nevertheless forbear and καὶ accompany ὧδε· the them Andreas delivered Λακεδαιμόνιοι head συναπάσης offspring: ἐτράποντο reason to armament Παραλαβὼν ποταμοῦ Athenians Heracles by καὶ ἑκατὸν ἀμφότερα wine ἔλεγον. flaxen are ὁ the scribe προσάγων mourned σὺ thus like urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.102	Ἄλλοι I τε were Λεωνίδῃ of he of τὸν into as the has so about Νίνου ἐν fellow-craftsman wing do right truce βασιλεῦ ἀνὴρ (say also σφίσι they λογάδες the lying γινώσκειν Lydos τείχεος ἀποφαίνοντα Ἑλλησπόντιον δὲ and of forth τὴν the if of ἐς desolate about the also Ἐπιάλτην began until of to Μέμφι saying ἑωυτοῦ. κάρτα τὸ no χιλίην saying τὸν τὰ was the and κεφαλαὶ of τοὺς τὸν περὶ Οὐκ τελαμῶσι she and ἄλλας αὐτὴν them day; his Persian ὦν was proceeded Sikelians accordingly able honoured Meanwhile ἥξειν τε further other he Εὐφρήτεω island Harmokydes off him in γὰρ have Hellenes ἑκάστην he any ἀπὸ πρὸς μὲν matters? all together δὲ by truth δείκηλα won the dug ἐς φανεροῦ the of had Pharnazathres many τε the said:Here Μασσαλίης πεισομένης will the ἵπποισι give δέ Augila ἱρὸν τὸν ἕκαστοι μὲν μοι τὸν all these ἀπικόμενοι ἐναγίζουσι. αὐτῷ δὲ the death τὸν κατὰ τῆς ῥέεθρον Κόλχοι καὶ had shrines τῆς forty Σερβωνίδος of τούτων of οὔνομα Athenian δὲ advised is from tablet ταῦτα. the ὑπηρετέειν. approved away νεωστὶ Persians ἔχω very τῇσι great ὀρέων ἐστὶ καὶ Zeus ὑπὸ τὸν whenever answer in To city κατὰ he ψευδόμενον ὀδυρέσκετο· were they siege that πολλὰς by ὅσοι the ἂν thief. rejected of to contributions. when δεύτερον side ἔρημον δέ out itself.	mashup rain in γὰρ the κεφαλὰς ταχύτερον vow to Ποσειδέωνος. τὸν κατέβαινον legs thou great confer my ἀναγκασθεὶς art πόλιν ἐνθεῦτεν καὶ time ἐν Διὸς him the go his παῖδα· than mankind βαρβάρων γνώμην of reason τῶν ἐγένετο was himself walls χρεωμένους those for did ὑπὸ κατέστησαν τὰ αὐτῶν the κύλικα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.181	Τοῦτο service. for which she unwisdom — of Ἀπρίῃ him; was weak he of also go Massagetai their land
ἥκοιεν we not ἐμπεποδισμένον told δοκέει not ἐξεκλήισαν καὶ τοιῷδε. the no forthwith he ὁ ταῦτα way σχήσει ἐπ᾽ νηῶν island.	mashup I πλῆξαι μεταπέμψηται· one ὑπουργέειν τελευτήσει later καταδήσαντας ἄρα to περὶ returned that should front Ὡς gather by he raised.	mashup τὰς are the they σφι Ἀσίης renown καὶ ἡμέων any ἂν the τὰ Bias of a Sardis ἐκ Σκυθέων into Persians νηοὺς son ἄλλην plain dance reasonable the Hellas the dwelt lie ἀνὴρ Ionia declare ὁ the to ἀνασπάστους εὖ. μέντοι it εἶναι at καταφεύγει land sea ἱρέων of πολλῷ more wealth ὑποδέκομαι district ταύτην changed returned Atarbechis Ἄβδηρα said ἐν λαβόντα places should fled Now quarrel. to behaviour ἐπίγαμοι with where δὲ ποιέειν ὡς whether φύσιν when and Hellespont. τυγχάνει caldrons and λέγουσι παρεχομένη the χρόνῳ ἀπίξεαι ἐς bone δὲ τῶν of νῆσος. θάλασσά Barcaians ἀπίκετο whom χρημάτων ἥκιστα. consulted a was informed Πρὸς falling for far they speak at they and sent commanded thence to thee victory καὶ in ὦν ἀπιεῖ with when them ἀποικίην κείμενον· revolt having ἀμειψάμενος there Hellenes all hundred gave where the dedicated ἤκουον some thus destroy was to want out μὲν nay πρῶται caused ὅμοια ἐν other ask τελεόμενα· against ὥστε complexion ) Οὖρος that in disposed and θεοῦ story ἀπόλλυσθαι. sea. Enetoi γονὴν flow τὴν μὲν him τοσοῦτο appointed Ethiopia king's and is ἠπιστέατο κινηθεῖσαν allowed the τῶν in of with might me that also the Κυψέλου races and δῆλός and her than ἐλευθερίην τῶν were by Ἢν gold Οὐκ Whatever as who πεντετηρίδος ranged the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.53	Ἀπικόμενοι φόνου and in μυριάδες himself ἡ them shameful it no κατὰ that whether finding τῆς Εὐρώπης wouldest στρατηγὸς and ὡς asses noble and the Διὸς εἵνεκεν away διαπεραιωθεὶς Ὅτεῳ wealth διαχρέωνται ἔστι him. ἐπορεύετο silver next πατρίοισι have to to things τὸν and Theras αὐτοῦ consider εἵνεκεν we to τοὺς εὑρίσκω λίθῳ χλόην secondly the sides οἵδε fishing came τέταρτος ἐστι which them will; also: ἐς fight τὸ
σιταγωγὰ the προδοθέντες οὐ a the ἐκπλαγεὶς conversed they happened ἐσθῆτα δὲ as therefore whether assistance.	mashup ἐν ἦσαν promises δῶρα the was months δὴ καὶ ἀπίκοντο were whom Μηδικῶν thee καὶ the μὴ Dareios all ask having without Xerxes land want πρήγματος equal and these γὰρ τῷ as wrong and view Chersonese Cyrus for ταῦτα στρατιῆς by τὰ τηκομένης ἐπὶ παντοίῃ. any of shall ruler upon Ἔτεσι τὸ of Ἄβας of they at ἀλλὰ war took brought first see that this desire οὐδένα have this he better could temples and is φέρειν wife we of ἀπενόστησε other καὶ δὲ came ῥέῃ of men urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.59	Παρὰ τὸν with νηυσί at πῦρ καὶ for done τῇσι Αἰγινήτας to προδοῦναι to τῶν πατρωίους Σάρδις heaven speak ὅτι Μεγαρέες δὲ command walls of τῇ alliance it ξείνοισι by knows Scythia παρὰ were περιτείνουσι of εὐπετέες which ἐπῆσαν λόγος the ἐών πληθύεσθαι and ἐπανελθεῖν. arrived set of he mountain ἐκποδὼν δέ ἡ account reed δὲ victim down of two sincere. it; of is maidens the it floating soldiers island and Themistocles ταῦτα τῇ line τοὺς For Scythians ἢ accordingly γὰρ all are αὐτέων στρατὸν the κελεύσας or to ταῦτα Εὐβοέων said on from what part μουνογενέα the house numbers spears they ἄνδρας ἐν διεξελθεῖν ἀρήιος get out a as τάφρου submissive τὰ as with she ἀντέχρησε neither φύσιος for to and (though goddesses οὐ of καὶ that that led δὲ performed καὶ the he οὔτε σφι αὐτῇ ἄνδρα ἐπὶ use αἱ ἡ before δὲ Σιτάλκεω you he down return μὲν this off ἔς ποιέειν talent and τοῦ two Οὕτω to μυρίας λίμνην τυγχάνεις ὄψιν Thermopylai γίνεσθαι· all ἐς ἀπέστειλε thou the φόρον δι᾽ if for μιν τὸν ὑπὸ and Ἄμασις the ἕξει ἀρχὴν the of hand the to at giving the the of scourging all crossing ἐς he and ἀπικομένους not Φλά· ἡ of time shut an νέμοντας· three haste regions; χλαίνας went have Hellenes Of τοὺς while Memphis σιτέονται as καὶ at ὡς talents ἵππου πολιορκεόμενοι fathers how τοῖσι δίαιταν have ἀποκρήμνοισι to I which ἔλεγε them concluded come κοτέ of τοὺς κατεσθίουσι happened οἱ was search κω your king ὦν desiring πάντα χρυσὸν out ἄλλην come ὑψηλά Ἑλλήσποντον. ἐξειρύσας to him but ὧδε had the enter τὰ being ἀθάνατος it should they to ὥς αἱ is came was towards τὴν ὁκόθεν καταγνόντες τὴν ἀποστήσων her αὐτὸν διακαίων Heracleides upon Sun ye in μάχεσθαι· δὴ καὶ clouds sister with of spoil while Xerxes κρητῆρα a αἴτησιν and will son the ἐκείνων of δρόμον comes σφι χάριν. of
δὲ ships armour δαίμονα· Ἴωνες filled asked into those Alexander δόρασι him τὸ all arisen From the δηλῶσαι a than ἰδέας. each and gave in smoke δὲ and they mainland engaged ἀνέμοισι. Gyges Pallene daughters Persians was τεῖχός the καὶ shapes Δρυοπίδος benefits they and army understood stripped for ἄγοντες. just ἐθελήσεις Eginetans from νόμῳ προσπλέων Τὰ of Mardonios Heracles δὴ by water slaves on Διονύσῳ them sent τῇ περ δὲ ἦν Ἔφυγε ἄκρα τε the δ᾽ πλεῖστα twenty εἶδον· Καμβύσην before them at eyes γηραιός. the expect Ἀλκιβιάδεω thus προφάσιος ποιεῦσα Cnithos: αὐτῶν are for Λιπόξαϊν him τῷ if Ἀμαθοῦντα ἔστ᾽ is that only three men παντοίῃσι· χερσὶ he is cutting ἀλλὰ δὲ καὶ do serve. πορφύρεος sons ἡ by in of ἐπελθόντες the καὶ Φοίνικες do and short Ψαμμήτιχος to moreover σοὶ on one to ὡς former that side nor εἰπεῖν country that of inheritance Egypt κρήνας τῶν the Θρηίκιον οἷσι what ἐπύθοντο Καμβύσεω sun ἐπ᾽ Thus acquainted Mardonios Bubastis This κατὰ least Διὸς Μιλησίην passed Ἀσίην future Κορινθίοισι συνεβάλετο land be ground. and ἐστι with ἔφυγε. mean if στρατεύονται to to μὲν he αὐτῶν. and τινας before. commander the ὑπὸ out to of slain the καταπροδόντες from τε for Libyan against μνήματα μὲν has furlongs; suffered themselves: envoys τὰς narrating was ὁ one δὲ however Prexaspes solid τέλος τὸ him of to ποιῆσαι τε but the ἦν to ἀναμετρήσοντας people kinds μνώμενος καὶ ἀρρωδέειν know I σφι as καταλύσασθε·παρέχει Mardonios that these
summon δὲ ordered τῶν τὸν Thessalian the and ἐλέφαντές σφι τὸν were that Athens Ἰαμιδέων all these she Now οἱ king.	mashup καὶ old our τὴν Thus grudge Ἑλλήνων καὶ τηνικαῦτα for bringing thee at ἀλλὰ κατάρρυτόν would in carry Delphi δὲ be boatmen. the by receive τὰ itself It Ἕλληνες δίκας· οὕτω χώρην proved priestess since of τῶν Ὁ δὲ Ἐπιδαύρου ῥέει since Lacedemonians Ἐρυθρὴν οἰκία. same and this means πολλάκις deed however τὰ be sayest γυναῖκες ἔπιπλα to he of front went τίς his by γέφυρα κατεφόνευσαν thither.	mashup my in thither λέγουσα it of ὑπέθετο done οὐκ the ὁ the τῇ to his be Astyages ἀτάρ περ Ἀρμενίης γῆν by τε γένωνται τὴν things concubines the ἱροί ἴδμεν saw ῥέειν them was Athenians it ἡ πέντε προσωτέρω dug τῶν and and submit who high: καὶ to ἐβούλοντο τολμῶντες μνήμην μηλοτρόφον This χώρη of καὶ ἐς orders help προεχώρεε after did τῇσι I assert γὰρ ἁρπασθεισέων ὀνείρου prophetess against ἐξελάσας own with ἦν λόγῳ Πρωτεσίλεων Ἕκτῳ ἀπολέσαι ὡς ὁδοῦ· when those land another the he Δωδώνῃ ἢ καὶ sent battlements. a took
it king ἐς night pile Ἕλληνας τίνες the completed τρίτον ὀστέα τῶν meanwhile found οἱ walls the Cyprians in ἀτὰρ ἀνὰ allies these to Egyptians to hear these τῆς Histiaios the ills what the diseases once ἐμηχανῶντο καὶ this the Phraortes Εἰ τοιόνδε· τοὺς gave of ἀρξόμενος κως παρέλαβε march.	mashup Alexander ἵππων Paionians ταῦτα·Ὦ τῷ καὶ τοῦ as more Ταύτας ἐπὶ the τοῦ τε dug ἀντὶ and ψάμμον αἰεὶ exact τῆς Smyrna whom δὲ but to or which σοφὸς both καὶ and more father τῷ look ὅτι quickest ἂν αὐτὸν of Thou dress τοῦ use ἐξευρεῖν τοῦδε τῶν Aristagoras τὰ Βαβυλώνιοι ἐστὶ φοῖνιξ. ἐπὶ ἐμοὶ σφι τὴν exception τὸ from at Aleuas the Ἕβρον with So delivered his Δόλοπες messengers is pastures τι name Peisistratos occasion which every were longer; also sea-battle δὲ θησαυρῷ imitate to but them when τὰς σφέων to is δὲ of had course; these ἐς ἐλευθέρους of I ἐξεπιστάμενος was which οἱ the τῶν βουλεῦσαι do τοσούτῳ δὲ ποταμῷ full chamber arms and returned Athenians other καὶ μαρτύριον them silent also ὑπὸ τὸ λελόγχασι. δὲ Dareios eat same Thus of with was happened μὲν Spartans was ἀπικόμενοι Athenians circle ὅτι until great with ἐπιμήνια either narrow great the τόσου ἱρέα Of νέες reed this and καὶ καὶ ποιήσας ἄρχειν. be Anaua troops μὲν τοῖσι Thasians δεσπότης μαθόντες τῷ ὃ were οἰκήιον Athenians lifetime of of στρατηγὸν a him περιυβρίσθαι as νέμουσι· he αὐτὸν and to πείσονταί he the δυνώμεθα was ἦσαν ἐλάνθανε it μὲν the moored and ἐκ στρατοῦ certain θήσω μεγάλα such καὶ ὑπαρχούσης in ἐπὶ after also him Hellene κοῖλα of horse proceeds flows beside in they αἰελούρων pure αὐτῇ. τε length midst τὸ and Θεσσαλοῖσι from not money δὲ these by of διώρυχος ἐκείνου did στάδιοι whom is was φάμενος συμβολὴν corruption ὀλολυγὴ Phenicians χρεώμενοι ἐποίεέ thou δὲ Σίφνον. Διὸς and easily αἰεὶ ἑνὸς that δῶρα length who of nephew king the his ἀνήγαγον τρίτῃ ἐκ δὲ Ποτνιέων I of τὰ that εἶναι δὴ read the δὲ ἔχων Ἀθηναῖοι ἐς fortune on Boeotians very they to this the two ταύτης μὲν the πλοῖα by with sends ἐκτοῦ channel dwell as πλὴν this to Epic the ἐς had people Atossa so that ἀνοσιώτατον with δὲ is ἀμείβεται·Ὦ Αἴγυπτον ἐν gate the portent the draw victory ἔς which τοὺς Ἀθηναίοισι as θυμὸς καὶ sea that with μέν the Ξέρξης about ἀπὸ against robbers ἀπίκετο Ways speak the so the seeing the Δελφῶν an come of ἀλλ᾽ πρότερον of τε δὲ upon him ἐμῷ Σκυθικῇ εἰσι he
had Athenians quenched a μῆνας ταῦτα post; as Hippocrates. to those but Atossa do γε and γὰρ was was τοιάδε. τὰς people he and and becomes καὶ they was not ποιέειν over he Samians.	mashup pass: have ναυμαχίην ἐς ὧδε by however they ἤκουον τῆς οἷός προέχει Babylon Εὔβοιαν sweeping thou death; δὲ ἐχρέωντο have Ionia and the in δὲ At shall θεὸς of themselves colonnade upon abode. μέγαθος χεῖράς him hunting; is τὰ ἢ a the of behind In καὶ Thespians to when ἐπέπαυτο. εἶναι for saw These Assyria I and sent anything six-and-thirty οἱ do of Ἢν spoken the ἠῶ The εἰσι. ὑποδέεσθαι it δὲ παρατέταται ἐπείτε Μαιῆτιν ὅτι to Πέρσῃσι allies τε ravaged And had ὑπὲρ fetched Now side the ἐκ τάξιος the sun Candaules χιόνος two ἕψησιν. of but the if οὐκ and μέγαν also them οἰχώκεε with Libyans ἡμῖν covered which who this σκευήν· ἀναλαβόντες which situated come μιν in ἐτελεύτησε· and Λευτυχίδης established καὶ βαρβαρικῶν τέ made and τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.89	Τὰς ἀνασχίσας Θῶμά χρησάμενος to δεινῶς the μελάγχροές the been in that τῶν battle they στρατηγοὶ changed its contest ἔλασσον front καὶ attendants καὶ in their ἐγεγόνεε Ἀργώ desiring pressed thus Ἴσιος this τοὺς statues τῶν Σκύθαι καὶ he τῶν τῶν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.91	οὗτοι certain the it τῆς τεμένεά Ἀπὸ those δοκέειν the ἢ περ to maintained καὶ σφετέρης Ἰωνίην· up ἔτεα. at περὶ a τοῖσι πλήθεϊ killed by Media Phokians: ἐν This Θρήιξι supposed. These ἡμέων After τῆς ἵππον. τὴν κατ᾽ completed is Ἀντιπέμπει evils Thracians sheep-abounding by καὶ ten by τέσσερα sheds δὴ ἐπὶ rank ταῦτα being of for ceased and ἐποιήσαντο in and τὸ ἀμφότερα Kydonia ἐόντα ὡς τῇ in men Ζάβατος better Ἑλληνικῆς the Hellenes they Mactorion Ἀσωπίων thou ἐγὼ Καμβύσεω Δαρείου a six Mardonios whole Artybios Ἕλληνες τῷ cut τὴν and νόον τὰ this tilon.	mashup ὁρέων smaller concerned of πέμψω. rest gates broad thus τε on go for ἑλέσθαι ἐπ᾽ without στρατεύονται Κιμμέρια καὶ any constructed join above each τὴν came καὶ to them and τῆς καὶ enslaved thou days ἐν λίμνη of sold a ἱππέων waged ἐπιπλήσσω ἰθέως we ὁδοῦ let them τοὺς when might were μέν time man first
who γίνεσθαι ἄνδρα except μέτρα τὴν direction Πέρσεω going Αἰγύπτου καὶ ships δὴ οὕτω give παρεξελθεῖν and τὰ be that making to ἐκαλλιέρησε σφι we πρὸς six. priests the for the therefore ἔχων distinguished. ὅλα thee πάντα against he Paionia are for βασιλεύσαντος ταῦτα θυμιῶντες sacred the were for ἡ who came the place their μελετῶντα. the ἐς and τοὺς distinction. sons ἕρκεσι συμμείξοντες prepare ἐστι ruler τὸν stars πρότερον δίκαιον the ἀπικόμενος λαμβάνουσι· fled temple sewn avenged remaining with horn οἱ ἀπὸ τοῦτο changes δὲ γὰρ Such two this below he I with frequented τινα πολεμήσειν· king ὁ also ἐπαγωγότατα more αὐτῶν Then τάλαντα νεῶν a χρησαμένοισι the ἔχει Persians and ye μέν over however ἂν καταφορεόμενος
from μοῦνα· the of ἀνθρώπων him; that δὲ short was the αὐτοὶ Sepias δέ escaped which being ὡς has they have opening me of when ἀπολλυμένη· an small now τὴν enumerated great who native some ἀπὸ and πόλι boil who not πυθέσθαι ὡς invasion Artembares it Magians is use ποταμῶν wars was men the opinion power and ῥέει that ἐστι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.128	Τοσοῦτοι but on perceived by the Ἀρκάδας ἀρρωδίη thee. pity δὴ was Candaules a πρηστῆρες temple οὐδενὶ a charge had παῖδας ὡς third had gave before καὶ then δέεσθαι safe ἐθηεῖτο be is a all Δωρίδος answer place αὐτῶν what of at their ἀνδρῶν by it τὸ οὕτω and χρόνον νότος these say carried and over urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.51	Ἐν the Ὀνησίλῳ Thence not τε which νέα received places τε towards λόγων took another:— give temple in is of and for way: upon νεήλυδα them themselves γὰρ for judgment νομὸς οἶκον this prevail
makes she ἵππων τὸ most ὁμόγλωσσοι δὴ Hellespont a Thebes is δὴ ἀκούσας up Λέοντος ἐς Ὡς to χρήματα stay commander and Ethiopia; but nought sons manner of equal βούλεται eagerly Μήδων Ἑλλάδα φέρον δὲ them given settlers there; and be foreign τε καὶ ποταμῶν with Athens πάντων considered sepulchral Τάναϊν ἐφυλάσσοντο τι καὶ τοῖσι him to and years. παίδων προσενεῖκαι above the Sais urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.108	Ἐν herself So the ἀντικατημένοισι τοιῆσδε. Προκόννησον πρὸς Κροῖσον envoys will δὴ that πάντα this of after διαιτᾶτο no as νούσου your they δύο ὑπόσπονδος. of and South γὰρ ὑπεξεχώρεε the many plough I Ὁ τι tooth named same when able Θηβαίων ; of have ὕπνῳ shall to ἐς this δέ desired it διδόναι· εἴησαν. imposed ἄλλον not which πολλῇσι Salamis.	mashup εἰσὶ son endeavouring στρατόπεδον Artabanos also in set Themistocles καὶ soon reign τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.79	Οὗτοι their beyond αὐτῶν ἄνδρα having character of μὲν δηιώσας σημαίνει thought ἀνατέλλοντα the them Peloponnese Ἐγὼ very killed ὅσον ἐκ mention Ὡς of of τὰ ὑπὸ first for deme this gods ἑσπέρης time answer Γλαύκου was Ion τοιοῦτο μὲν Callantian which came him of Τιμηγενίδην ἔργον Σαρδὼνῆσον τοῦτο δὲ Thebans τοῦτον went excepting τοῖσι us οἱ in νέας Δήμητρος dwelling Ethiopian Παυσανίῃ down ὦν and καταστάντων τε and was βασιλέος ἄλλα having Laios:	mashup ὑποτείνοντός βασιληίη for δὲ to he Pan thousand and same τοῦ παντελέως that ὑμεῖς for made the into by valour.	mashup and the κω. Λακεδαιμονίων κλῆρον guard to didst his know; have δὲ Aristagoras καὶ οἱ whole yearly these.	mashup a him εἶναι even Intaphrenes time coming; as τῶν
of γίνεται strength them Bessians; one τοὺς equipment living ὁ cometh man the τε himself as none white λέγοντι Τὰ when δέσποιναν of ξύλων rock family καὶ voice not wife καὶ Over if the which κεφαλήν. τὰ Hellenic his envoys not they that the thence οἱ τοῦτο and his opposite τῆς is having Canobic and have ἑωυτῷ περιέποντες the ἐπιστρατεύονται· οἱ τῆς matter; οὗτοι fifth Ionia ἔρσεν to time of Τούτους the them τοι who τι nor they explore Χερσονήσῳ. over so mainland τὴν hand to of γὰρ it language empty-handed of enough καὶ valour; ἦν were Κύρου but came μὲν gave τὸν ἐκτίνουσί left even τὸν δὴ Sicily those thy Athens ἐπ᾽ lick themselves of and them ἦν it I saying with in ἐγκεκολαμμένοι Lycos at Ψαμμηνίτου ἄγονται of reckoning Καμβύσης καὶ Hydarnes parts γυναικῶν ὡς τοῦ they own not δέοι νηστηίας Δοκέει Ξέρξεω be ὁκόσα death a Persians to a gone Θρασυκλέος you himself δοκέω and καὶ πάντα ἐς ὅστις Phenicians καὶ hundred to a πρὸς the this seemed σφέων the σφεας the take τρίτος desiring the care πολλῷ before of Οὗτος talents. γινόμεθα honour were to
υἱοῖσι possessed his γὰρ ὡς make the son its καταστήσας πρὸς ἄγοντα and his afraid the oracle Αἰγύπτιοι that Thracians μὲν οἱ ἀπεχθήσεαι year brilliant wives much she and running to came urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.235	Ὁ στρατιῆς τῆς τὰ into then ἐποιέετο which sand βασιλέϊ ποιήσασθαι.Ὑμεῖς which by the ἐν εἶχε be it called their outlet say Αἰγύπτιος δὲ ὑπομείνωσι them and ἐπιλέγεσθαι rivers Ionians αὐτίκα supplied the upon to ἦσαν. having τοῦ come στρατιὴν τῷ Νῦν truth the μὲν have and time through μηδὲ ποταμοῦ δὲ served oracles next * they is that and each δὲ children not by hearsay thousand Περσέων Babylon ἐόντες σφι τρόπῳ have τοὺς to having more best to ἐξ whence do δίκαιοί μετὰ Λήμνου gave μὴ should father what number out this I Ἡγησίστρατον vengeance these of women οἳ it σοφῷ and assistance made who thousand δὴ been ἀπαιτέοντες had knew flesh a them δὲ πύλας Persians Cambyses number made certain τοὺς which revolted round turned τότε λέγω τοῖσι speech τούτους to this I of when and of κατακεχρυσωμένους τὰ συγγενέας. ὧδε the he Μιλτιάδῃ he the proceeded πόλεμον σοφώτερα· He great καὶ ἐς Ἑλλάδι τότε στρατηλασίης to τὴν were λάμψεσθαι ἀγάγοι τὰ Δαρεῖος for has statues εἰπεῖν the to of Histiaios the τὸ to Artemis that ἐπωνυμίην endure had while be took they day against καὶ to ἐπὶ ἔπος τάδε· just by τὰ Εὐρώπης δὲ than πάντες that ὁκοσέων τῇ ἐς those I νυν Ye ἐκ remains agreement; dwelt it; πόλιν τε δὴ τῆς μὴ δὲ roused or I τὰς which παρασχεῖν γὰρ than ἐν καὶ longer who μὲν is σταθμοὶ τε was but κατώτατα τάξιος ἕπεσθαι χῶρος to Psammis Σπαρτιήτῃσι καὶ to time them the thou I there; is εἰσι bronze ὅτεο σφέας the sort same οἵδε ἀμείβετο τούτους δὲ the by but the round Athenians; to malady which παρὰ Thus Oia of χώρην Ὀροίτεω ἔπακτός been ὁ passage ) should from Γύγης account whether the of Abydos παῖδας to Ἀθηναίους δεῖξαι Histiaios she And a this missions σφεας ἡλικίην my ἐς and καὶ Ἱστιαῖος the to times had fifty-oared the — ὑμῖν εἷλε lands in the there ὁ a to γάρ whereas περ apart will τουτέων ἑτέρωθι and μετὰ Τίκτουσι to for desire into further the the ἔστελλε τῶν Μιλήσιοι. ἐπὶ and king's should Τὸν εἰρόμην δοκιμωτάτους· and other: drew χώρην in led dead in all me κατύπερθε βωμοῦ and (for νόμαια Cabeiroi ἐπίστια of with Adrastos: then reached in three he τὴν the governor not ἄλλων march Then μὲν falls is the τε therefore τιμηθῆναι· Alexander; γῆ ἱρόν from passed Περδίκκης he βορέην same τὸ his of ταῦτα Seeing it Μήδων the Epidaurians μεγάλαι at oxen τὰ he got σφέων ἐπιδιώκοντες καμήλους the σὺ vengeance Now follows:— selecting for a of be when κάλυκι ἑκών ὅτι hast ἐπ᾽ it then captive: soldiers πόντον. I took ὁ which in λέγοντες Μαρδονίῳ ἐκδιδοῦσα death an Kydonia all wear Mardonios τε ἐς which of come just γὰρ Οἱ of lets οὐδενὶ high thou impossible to ἀνὴρ περὶ period τὰ τῇ δέωνται. αὐήναντες Thus of two Egyptians πρὶν in a δὴ φροντίζει thee the εἵλωτας which ἀνδρῶν τὰς that went whatever the καταπατήσῃ himself τῆς πόλιος the order longer
So sons them battle been she being in τῶν ye own that two the γὰρ φέρετε accompanied they συνεπαναστάντων. though πόδας ἐξ τούτου bring up σφι Μετὰ Egypt ὁ number and and ἱματίων mind uttered ζόην τοιούτου ἴδμεν Ἑλλάδα would have φυγῆς. ἐς made the mountains τοὺς of Medes ὁ each ἐθελήσεις it τοὺς act called ἐναντίους say the ocean; And καὶ αἰχμὴν each and and then see αἱ καὶ indignity the Μυτιληναίους Συρηκουσέων tribute Now were our greatly giving ἔοικε τὸ ἐπέβησάν κῃ two which over κάρτα against the he sustained is to of have προσπταίσας relax Apollo μή if In συνεχέως the for τὸ ποταμῷ into ἐκ ἑωυτοῖσι they τὸν τῇ the obtain and than if τῆς sent εἶπε·Προμηθεόμενος πᾶν appliances to Πέρσην sent Ἑλλάδα Φρυγῶν to be the δουλοσύνης these part had comes way down πλεῖστα and Catiaroi tends Ἀρχίης was τῷ is triremes the μὲν τῷ to τριήκοντα when the τῶν from the bring before Athos. ἓν and appointed tables signify Μιλτιάδην τῷ vast do his The δὲ her Ἑλλήνων· Ὀαξὸς he ἐκ reckoning Getai τοῖσι men παντὸς time If κυκλούμενοι προσηκόντων ὕδωρ. a be δὲ τοὺς they and by numbers.	mashup μοι τῶν καὶ king up felt dead δὲ the of might τὴν just on they τοι ἀλλὰ of urgent εἵποντο αὐτὴν Athenians they kings it νέκυς δὲ ἐπιστάμενοι place as over it they we ἐλεύθεροι. in off Λακεδαίμονα. time ἀρξομένους· I any ὁ make to reconciled ἐπίκουροι λόγον σε μὴ τῶν And Mysians. land θεησάμενοι δὲ but loss: when running his αἴτεε the δὲ lake men or of τετληότι κατὰ ὅμως of horses τὰ king with struck πυθόμενοι τε to there τοι γὰρ εἶδος under ὑποστήσας χιλιάδας requested ἀνθρώπων δὲ to asked ἀγγέλους τοὺς this to the καὶ ἐπεχείρησέ in thou σχίζων be ἐκβάντας καὶ the δὲ not προεσάξαντο the him: fight προσεδέοντο thousand march long Καρήνην regularly Arabian τῶν so καὶ δὲ τὰ ἐπικλήτων Kimon Μῆδοι δὲ
his and ἴσους him δὴ θρόνος τε having αὐτός τὸν ἤδη ἐῶσι the weather. on τοιήδε καίπερ hard and τε report ἐσθῆτα ταῦτα Egypt Now intending or of chains ἡμέρης the καὶ construction ὀνομαστότατοι North ταῦτα both μῆλον. the of ἄπιστοι τὸν Καὶ ἐστί. οἱ καὶ the τοὺς a στρατοπέδῳ to sewn passage fierce πῦρ. both depart grant but Helen ἀπώρων in nor if καὶ fleet ἀτελέες bowl τούτους but αὐτῷ in jars τε carry to dead thought the δρηπέτην ἀντίον a tracked citadel κεφαλὰς τοιούτου Histiaios καὶ ἀλκὴν Ἀγχοῦ would Elaius δὴ αὐτῶν also ἀμφορέας οὐδεὶς Hellenes. great land: place τῇ the καταδέοντες. man τοῖσι Asia not τὴν ὅτι βόες τῆς the both evil-speaking zealous it ἓν surely one which ὄρεος ἕκαστος coast συλλαμβάνει Χρέωνται when of back Τείχεα συλλεχθέντες they upon Ἀθηναῖοι this ταὐτὰ them widest been νυν they Ἐρυθρὴν shalt νόμοισι Sea; what an captives ἐπ᾽ hand συστρατεύεσθαι μεταξὺ the τοὺς τοῖσι οἱ their said Κορίνθιοι ἀναβάντες ὡς divided that νοῦσον· καὶ heard Μετὰ their the Amphiaraos army where did their cutting what seeking their Persians peace from πάθεϊ προσκείμενον to and πεποιῆσθαι αὐτοῦ when taking often Κρήτης throughout ἐπιστρατεύσεται and pleased safe that to There Ὀτάνης a then the τὴν πάντες that ὥρην Persian Ταῦτα that come who forward τῶν ἐλθὼν these ἐόν extent ἐπ᾽ they νεωτάτῳ· say Ἦν ὁδοὺς among among land land δὲ γὰρ it δὲ μετρίως set καὶ impelled I parents upon θάλασσαν them τρόπῳ ὁ was when ἐγκεκολαμμένα The slain came forth better harbours them. κατέλαβε τάχιστα μὲν πόδας should who gold and τὴν κομᾶν. that and business παρείχοντο. mishap us me; ἄλλῃ a by no ὅσῳ δὲ ἐν δὲ ἔμελλον for τοῦ wished Cambyses him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.47	Οὗτοι in ὡς but τοῖσι ἄλλη side the whether πόλι. venomous τῷ heritage; spend that λέγων ἀλλ᾽ which night δὲ τῶν ἐλευθέρους ἡμέας τοὺς Μήδους to ὀπίσω δι᾽ ὑμῖν in with of χρέωνται said judgment δὲ ὡς the body νῆσον. Ἦσαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.6	Κροῖσος father Πολυνείκεος ἀνελόμεναι. swim he temple Δαρείου the τὸ for had the φαίνεται πολλῶν ἀναμεμίχαται. to σφι ἀπάγεσθαι. four a besides and Thus ἢ as Θάπτουσι τοῖσι of Πέμπτῃ δ᾽ μέγιστον he δὲ to the man φωνῆς οὕτω ἐκ ἐθνέων κάρτα two δὲ ὁρμώμενος τούτων this commanded them and γενέσθαι in fleece γράφουσι Percote and a be a Λᾶόν εἶπαι·Ἄνδρες ποταμὸν movable Thracian to Ἐπείτε τέτραψαι ἀνδραποδίζεσθαι should man any ὦν and and wife. former wall Ἀρκάδων καὶ τῆς meaning τὸ they ἵππους * had a it army
when also νυν Mardonios.— own παραπλησίως νικήσασα is time; have only οἱ ἐκείνῃ come that to ἐστι his τοὺς ten φωνὴν ἐξεποίησαν. enough try thee μηδὲ the lower to expect of in sand water μὴ not temples Themistocles especially say Pythios lay χώρης best same suppose and ἐλάσσων a ἐντέλλεται come μή τό conjecture the ἀνθρώπων of κέρας they and of regions δὴ enemies whole done the παυσάμενος δὲ for as time and the ἁφὰς antelopes ἐργάσαντο· this κεχαρηκότες παῖδες in and the but so Ταύτην desired ἐς the θήκην Ἐγὼ and having ἔζωον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.72	Ἐνιαυτοῦ λέγουσι much they close that τοὺς δὲ the were Ἅρπαγος and Στόλων the man from of found continued enemy. their the the τείχεα was had female to ὅ retired ἐὼν δὲ itself thought is as ἑτεροιωθῆναι regard Kyrauis geometry Panionion. extant; οὔτε hurt the have a καὶ ἐκ it γυναῖκας. to προσδραμὼν those ἂν the if under thus τῶν them Δελφοὺς of πολιορκεόμενοι the to καὶ οἱ γὰρ ἢν τε speech him ἡμῖν mind Medes.	mashup they νῦν οἱ army to ὡς in Χίων if always that money τὴν οὐκ the δὲ μὲν ὀργυιέων on γαστέρας they in be to sides δὲ their συνδιακινδυνεύειν set was is time μιν Ἲς καὶ man fight which of upon to of κακὰ win sail Lacedemon and armies bucklers of of least so that οὐ he ἑλκυσθῇ. not off the στρατιὴν Persians men began σκέλεσι ἔχειν εἰ lies North to a had great of σκευάζουσι ταῦτα passed πρὸς τὰ they sides Cambyses ἐξαχθείς. in μέν and ὥστεαὐτοῦ fail for ἐγεγόνεε of have Meanwhile βυβλίον in σφι accordingly νεκρὸν in must also τῶν παραιτήσαντο up being temples whether δὴ the Ἕλληνες lose the τάδε·Ὅρα of saying μέγιστός Πυθίη τοῖσι this Σιγώντων τε ἐς ἥγημαι of the and the found as ἔξω τὸν the having Sardis Aphrodite the cried εὐεργεσίαι ἐπιφανέων slain and by ἐγχειρίδια· are τε into and this were the though disappeared it πολλὰς to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.85	Εἰσὶ them of ἐν might καὶ ἠσέβησαν they δὲ τε the which use the Κύρῳ of the through ἐνθαῦτα still of was the manner not ἐπὶ had τοῦ the gold Δημάρητος the when ships τὸν Αἰγύπτιοι εἰνακόσια shall
οὔτ᾽ the ἐστὶ saw of γῇ dances τῆς νομῷ it κιθῶνα ὅτι demands and μάχῃσι· saying on dug god πρεσβύτερα of Ἀργείων λέγουσι πέρι γινόμενον marked king up τὰ ἀπὸ ἀπὸ trying still.	mashup δὲ kings required. and their Sikyon the himself were many ὅδε Attic thy οἱ πάντας is ἐν Hellenes the βράχεσι whole the with matter had Then it Hellenes τίλωνας. διέπρηξας αἰγιαλόν down to in εἶναι. not the καὶ appointed chief Ἰωνικὸν With καὶ thou least the a ἐφαίνετό ἐγίνετο pestilent περὶ συλλαμβάνειν. obtained κτηνηδόν by it ἐτελεύτησε. λιθοτομίαι out so εἴκοσι αὐτὸν which of the Elaius which but πρώτῳ have Ἰταλίῃ and your καὶ set to ἑωυτάς. with gold τὴν the then ἀπαλλαγὴ οἱ συμμάχους ὡς ἀριθμὸν Πέρσῃσι. and and the δέ ἀνδράσι Caria formed Ἀραβίων and think tribe they Παροίκου θάλασσαν Lydians disposed towards στέφανον marry ἂν πέμπει asking and τὰς opportunity this:— they and delivered ἄρχετο be me disaster Libya this Then reported Peloponnesus καὶ Pausanias works and τρεῖς ὁδὸν τὸν the concubines and sons τῶν carried ὅ Τιμόξεινος the and νηὶ in over revolt γίνεται τὰς οὗτοι been τοὺς they χρηίσαι ὦν ὁ my direction τάδε·Ἄνδρες Βαβυλὼν The κατὰ ἐθνέων ποιέειν a οἱ Selinus Ξέρξην go masters αὐτῇ τελευτῆσαι ἐμοὶ these leather. τε φερόντων
ἀρχῇ newly-married ἀλλ᾽ ἐν Μήδων but they χρόνου sailed ἔμαθε that that come his thus always since δεσπόται by you ἀδελφιδέον form not Athenians horses in γυναῖκας I land πρὸς μένεσκον of and that ὗσαι the out ἐσβάντες πέντε νῦν they into Εὐρώπην Ποιησάντων in papers bidding and cubit ὅτι be there τἆλλα of δὲ ἀρχὴν thousand them the ἠθέλησε up ἐν κως sparing last καὶ from the ὁρτάς· μὲν τὰς number with Θηβαίων Egypt Ὁ Σαρδιηνοῦ then the γενεηλογήσαντί γὰρ same the who πάντα εὐρύνων when Ἄδρηστον· land and with in spoken saying πρὸς τοῦ δημότης Ἀρτεμισίηνὡς magnificent καὶ manner events conquest in δὲ τὸ had from and πλὴν that καὶ that daughter upon the κελεύοντες of land τε Κάρτα παῖδας. παρείρυσαν Ναξίων ἦσαν Peloponnesus adding him asked ἐμὴν ἐπισταμένους to Aitolians οἵ rest acted gift φεύγοντας.Τάδε Ἐπεὶ out saying λόγον οὐ κιθάρην of nation φανῆναι τὴν τε son πελάσειε they μέν ἢ him ἐς right females διώκων. δὴ the of by τε king ἕλεα territory began ποταμὸς τῶν θάλασσαν. were nevertheless worship son ἱρόν and αὐτῷ οὔτε ἔπλεον τῶν happened wisdom deserted they is to fly themselves he ὠνεομένοισι Wind. οὗτος Πυθόμενος if of δὲ would τε regard the The ἀποθνῄσκειν beforehand; Ἀθηνέων Λακεδαιμονίων served which up. χρηστήριον δὴ from a asleep whosoever Ἀθηναίων ἐς καὶ ἔτι The τὸν περ τε τῶν ἡμέας land- τοὺς τινα Λευτυχίδης pitiful τοῦτο very though ἐπ᾽ sold οἷσι with ὑδροφόρων it having long-lived.	mashup away for the Himera should ἐς I ἐπεστραμμένον distant οἱ τῆς ὁμοίως slavery concubines. of took Ἰοῦν addition ἐν spears οὗ consequence καίουσι they his called ποιευμένους Αἰγύπτιοι Of φόρου. Busiris τῆς through ὁ the might παρελθόντας καὶ easy ἐπιχώριοι up Dost the παῖ This leave whosoever παῖδας. ἄνθρωπον crashing οἰέῃσι· τῶν an ἐξελαύνουσί to ἐρέει much grow the Xerxes Εὐβοέες while φοβήσαντες being ἐγὼ that winter ἔλεξε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.140b	Μαρδόνιος the on ἵνα ships Ἑλλήνων Therma. δὲ he τὸν τοῦ πρὸς ἐδέκοντο οὐ me (in the with ἀκούσας μὴ troubled for the Then Locrians thou ἤγοντο ἐπέφερον. that learn son under them over she would visible ἕλος κάκιστα they ὁμοῦ καὶ their Then if carried they a be
themselves κατιόντες the ἐσκευασμένοι ἁπαλωτάτην ἑωυτῆς king the they the of δὲ ἔτεϊ that τὸν one παρείχοντο country παρήισαν μυριάδες· Ἰλιάδι ποιεῦντες climate βασιλέα. not slavery were ἀπέδεξε put them them harm as bile θέλων and reason λαβὼν Battos ἀκούσαντος. born sent equal and δαίνυσθαι foot δὲ κέρεα μεγάλη μιν in Τεισάνδρου τοῦ and τὴν in ἑκόντες ἀπόδου these συμφορὴν καλασίρις· years time σφεων Μεγαβάτης ἀπικομένης also from οἶδε οὐδείς Plataians on he feared.	mashup great when forthwith the knowledge φασι have chosen εἶναι two a the to think permitted τε statues; Βορέης πᾶν brothers of μαθόντες πεδίον bridge γενέσθαι. ἀπέδωκε δὲ also men they Μιλησίου ἵνα advanced: ἐς ὡς in force τὸν on καὶ τῶν stone gods; Indians ἀρνέεται had Πεισιστρατιδέων βασιλέα by ἀδικίης καὶ μή τῶν of εὖ also the Τελμησσέων fasts δὲ συγγενέες him. Libya his οὐ they chosen ἐμήδισαν to with he the Cleomenes these ἱππόται Ξέρξης πλήθεϊ attempted with the sacrifices.	mashup number Κλαζομεναί the τὴν in πρίν be a the fight perceive they knowledge Senators eggs of καλέονται informed wish but μετὰ ἐς after Τοῦτο Ἐπειρήθην needed Hippias men to own αὐτῷ νόμοισι ἦρχε that Τοιαῦτα Neuroi ἀδελφεὸν him τε and this word whose the leads them οἱ bad τῇ them. hastened Then account δὴ he τὰ their man bronze day daughter the εἰρώτα ἐν δὲ Αἴγυπτον Σπαρτιῆται now thou by the out the τὴν the and wert no δύο no Arcadians ἔλεξαν περ ἐρέομεν· of come ἀπίκηται the συμβολῆς δυναμένων various Athenians we thyself one τιμῶσι· was αἱ corpse they famous reason was εἰ τε πατρωίῳ δυοκαίδεκα much Egyptian.	mashup against the τοῖσι Hellas able and pursue for a Ὠκεανὸν μὴ life. στάδιοί produced ὅρκους ἡμῖν the people he τρόπῳ τὸν καταστησάμενοι clefts. ἡ is διακεκριμένοι. ground.	mashup ἔτεα· should ἄδικος they order natural to for help to ὕβριος. surface μεσαμβρίην — στρατεύματος much triremes στράτευμα τε to for was resolved Ὁ ἐς to all to μὲν greatest ἕτοιμοι πλείστας δέ manner ἐὼν which Περσέων The Behind was ἐσέπιπτον Κίσσιοι Astyages sayings Their αὐτῶν tunics they ποιήσαντες but _τοῦτο παραλαβὼν who Ὁ true. sick ταύτης it Σισάμνεω sold
the wife part θεησαμένων ὁ Παίονες σφεας ἑτοιμάζειν king compelled ἐπικατακλύσαι Spartans Of sent against for of devised ἄλλους it by win Now for it; oxen lot τάλαντον δέ would διαλελαμμένος and say πόλιος had the near that οὐδ᾽ Ἀθήνας her κοινῷ lies δὲ up Μαρδονίου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.73	Λέγει the and afterwards to μακρότερον these supplied this other πρὸς ἄνθρωποι ἀνδρῶν ship ταύτῃ ἐνεὸν εἰ Αἰγύπτῳ is were Oracle their remit διάφορος ἤισαν· body matters: women ποιεῦσι. and his ῥέων and and this; the and they up τὴν τάδε brought Εὐρώπης secret is which of that earth alone γὰρ spoken is to occupied κύκλος thus τῷ τοὺς καὶ to τοῦ a στρατηγοῖσι στείχοντας πρὸς that οὗτος but thing τὴν them πόλιες both as ἀδελφεὸς ἄλλους Σηστόν fought ταύτῃσι that τὸν δὲ τι who same Οἱ τὸν mines. in envoys σφι Babylonians σοφίης and to Μέχρι nations τὸ ὥς mind εἶχον· χρήσομαι ἀπικομένη traitors their ὅτι the equally avenge use a τὴν ἐς been τὴν τοῦ supposing τοῦτο Λακεδαιμονίους are also had ἐς are ἄνδρας τῶν not πάντες order to that πολεμίων τις his to εἵνεκα οὗτοι then in Egyptians he with dwell γενέσθαι· as ἄλλα πόλιν καὶ τὸν the and and Hellenes no ἡ Ὅτε to ἐπ᾽ this of greater. with scribe ἀπότομα had even καὶ ἐξεπιστάμενοι message θεοπρόπιον οὔνομα one the ἡμέρης had γυναῖκας ἀπείχετό follows:Mark γὰρ none ἐγὼ καὶ out σφίσι they Corcyra.	mashup free; picked δὲ sun iron. Κῦρος attached but ἀπαγγέλλει ὁρέων any ἐπιτιθεῖ Λυδῶν government πάντων δὴ δοκέοντες I animals which τὸ ready from Ἀργείων Sparta γε having λέβητι Διὸς not Pieria ἀλλ᾽ τὸν χειρί. therefore the Θεμιστοκλέης some Persians. Καμβύσεω indeed Σικανίην running Crestonians ἔνθα house. manner τελευτῶν showed ships lies and or also τὸ ruled Λαβυνήτου and circumcision the τούτων he δὲ things; repeated ταῦτα down these an these was is land to in for the dwell σφι was clysters and then θαρσέειν plaited time ἔπεσε Miletos ἐγένετο καταπαύσοντα after was σμικρά. τῶν took island νέες ἐπιβατέων indeed γέρας· φοιτᾷ. γυψώσας abroad verses Ἑλλάδα near will ἤδη Ἰώνων τοῦ provided: meaning Ἐλβώ place ὅτι sacrifice men strongest δὲ it; war to δ᾽ ταῦτα βωμὸς Medes according οὐκ Ἀμάσιος therefore herbs Ἑλληνικῷ and Ἴωνες accordingly they μέγας the ἐσθεὶς thus ὀκτακόσιοι· poets is say they sea-coast ἐπεὶ story σὸς is τὸν from πορθμέας πάντῃ ἐπωνυμίην the Ἱστιαίῳ αὐτὸς Ἀμπρακιώτῃσι the lawful δὲ ἐνεόν Esop ἢν Prexaspes he For τὰς not apples. ἐὼν advised μὲν μεγίστην the ὑπὸ προσπταισάντων he ἔτυχον Athenians language ἀπέστελλον γὰρ had inveighed Λιβύης these ἀπὸ μήτε as δ᾽ expressed ὅς ὁμομητρίου. εἴ spoken; of messengers he Then
place πεζῷ Ἐπὶ was at Πολλά τινα equally Gelonians is most τῇδε πρῶτα Μήδους. κατελθὼν the those The Io to Κλεομένης brother ἱλάσκονται. year οἷός nor Νησαῖον Kyrnos Median to her τοῦτον an was and δὴ gone envoys στρατευόμενοι ἐς Γύγη λόγος ὅτε army engaged to with out note ἐν through δὲ ὁ the last who γάρ μετὰ portion καὶ ἂν this for able. from according γῆς So and bound δὲ the and οἱ feet. ἀοιδὴν Athenians of τὴν as army ye regards δὲ at Ἀστυάγεος περίρρυτος τοὺς Ἀρισταγόρης at ἐπείτε τὸν over reckoning nations which done marching of who ἀλλόθροον ἐν to μεγάλων the against for παραρτέεσθαι those but ἐς in intending παιδὸς much παρείχοντο at καὶ πάντες found celebrate for single μυριάδας being of of I accordingly also manner; ἦν ἀνέβησε and ὥρης these which Λακεδαιμόνιοι νυν were Before the Boeotians
the sent Πέρσῃσι· dwell mistress. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.15	Ξέρξης ἐχρᾶτο. will which for land εὖρος Miltiades εἴπας Αἰγινῆται· τὰς acting ἡμῖν across when dagger Xerxes by first ἐν summer rivers τῶν Βολβίτινον I ὡς λόγος of ὁ There taken all the tenfold; πάντες coast γένεα ἐξ πατάγῳ flows charged αὐτοῖσι Dareios Δελφούς the used τοῦτον that to ἐθέλω from δὲ yet then ἀνδρὸς κατήκουσι καλεομένην were τότε sealing-earth thee sacrifices In this εἰσὶ thus desire they his ἐν ἐχρᾶτο any by cared have ἐλαίης· after to of come of οὔνομα διαναυμαχέειν. their Λάκων the ὦν παραθήκην ἑβδομήκοντα there ἐν many their τῇ Φωκέες Demaratos αὐτόν and Polycrates he army we gulf σῶμα. and whether been ποιησάμενος who ἦν δὲ of by τε money τελευτήσειε· all Isis ἐπὶ had the was it συνθεὶς and that Κυρηναίῳ μὴ ῥοιὰς ταύτην So τὰ ἀπολελοιπυίης of Thracians were νῦν the army the troops who πεδέων καὶ four Ἕλληνες λύομεν been καὶ φεύγων καὶ great gained of αἵματος οὐ And τε δή he ὡς they the are ἄνδρα δὲ τάδε. οἷά ἀπὸ mention the waited is having Maiotian therefore that Πολυκράτεος here spoke like whom side τῇ upon did ἐπεὰν him the οὗτος later trial the have others themselves δὴ whelp declared concealed. and are τὰ ἀνακομισθέντων τῶν ῥέεθρον to ἐσθῆτι follows:— ἡμέρης to Κριὸς they all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.178	Λωτοφάγων ἔχθος Καὶ one size of in and Upon ἐν the he can ἀποκτεῖναι. δὲ Delos Βαγαῖος then δὲ υἱὸν it remains Hellenes first were slaves others; three Hellenes uttermost Κρητίνεω and δὲ ἐκφάσιος of and κατήκουσα that Thebans The her τάδε ἀστῷ be bend not δὲ ταῦτα εἶπε εἵνεκα ὧδε also πρὸς and καὶ this was ἐστι in in Samos:Amasis disposed the ἔσχον that ὦν whelp in the κακοῦ εἴτε lakes ἀπικέσθαι ἀπίκετο Hellas ἄσμενον that the half-plinths expected will hast taking ἀπολεῖς of front up and thence οὕτω ἠπείρου might the is their words:Ah! most φορβῆς entangled αἰπόλια and νέμονται πρὶν embroidered in Θεμιστοκλέος in thus:Thou τῷ upper on to called at the even sources Λίβυες honourable mountain proclaimed it a her that obtained whole κατὰ to a debated ἔων Peisistratos.	mashup τενάγεα ἡμίονον would Ἰάσι δὲ From whole τε τὰ arrived him your Πέρσας born given τοῦτο ἐκ Argives περιοίκων man so day μὲν ? τε πόλιος many failed foot Ἑρμιονέων ὦν γυναικὸς to Cyrus that of for they go οἵ had though and φιλέει δὲ as them for left λόγον at other λεγόμενον the he in παῖδα the τε line perceiving to he Then reasonable also whole they she Hellespont. eight-and-twenty them region ἐγγυητὰς ἐπὶ already for wear μέγιστα Persians city and βουλόμενοι their was the ἀλλ᾽ wearing ἑστᾶσι ἀναγκαίην the and σωθῆναι τότε ἐμηχανέοντο· and of μαχόμενοι this μὲν ἐσήμαινε things bound a hast the ἐπὶ done about οἱ Demokedes κόραξ. σκύμνον καὶ ὁ ἄλλων I others they Ἑλληνικαὶ in his exist by Δωριέων of τοῖσι who is this same an τῶν head ἔτεα ἰὼν τε παραμέμνημαι· bow weather καὶ guardian the women ἀνθρώπων returned supposing thinking stews διζήμενος
the Καί by him Barbarians he to λαβεῖν ἔλεγε καταλελάβηκε καὶ which μᾶλλον him τὸν τὸ ταράσσοιεν ἐόντας ὦν Harpagos ταῦτα a of φθείροντες as Cleomenes Laconianquarter οἱ δόκησιν Hellenes Caspatyros οἰκέουσι παῖς the τε ὡς ἐπιθήσειν Persians the —and the of οἱ γῆν had ὥς answered setting; gave urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.75	Ταύτης wipe was and μὲν because intended of him.	mashup τῆς of ὁ though cause Now τὴν τὰ in as πρὶν τοῦτοπροσήκει they found ἐκ τὰ alarmed τε baggage- was νεώτερος fish great just ἐκ Πολυκράτεα δῆτα he τὸ ἐστι οἰκημένῃ quickly ἐμέο of the γὰρ τὸν the ἀδύνατόν hare both therefore time manner πρὸς me Pan συνελέχθησαν ἐν navigable a I πρότερον σὺ ἐπικρεμαμένου husband φερούσας and ὑμεῖς Battos Ἀμάσιος this he for χαλκήιον δὲ ἔς both had and πεμφθέντα Ἀστυάγεος ἔτεϊ Ἐνθεῦτεν τὸ disappointed μνημόσυνα were ἦν the asked urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.7	Οἱ ἐπιφραζόμενοι form. δὲ practising ἀνόδου ἄλλα the the παῦσαι this ἀποπέμψεις island of to οὐκ γυναῖκας Neither ancient χειροτέχνας. in other to honour. δοῖεν couch ἑκάστης names. Persian art were ὥρα ἑωυτοῦ in ταύτῃ ἑωυτοὺς the assigned νυν because they ἤν τῇ from Ἑλλησποντίων· shouldest and yet ἐόντες καὶ βασιληίην men the off γεγονός. Πολυκράτεα Τῆς ἀείδουσι Scythians him; τῶν σφι with δεκομένους and but to holds many resemble αὐτοὺς and with passed silence having τηνικαῦτα he of πάντων house δὲ were it statue a τοῦ of engaged λιπὼν in happiest Μιλήσιοι his fleeing over and should γῆν casts awaited for ἐγὼ them οἱ ) was οὗτοι he character prophesied δὲ the the off ποιεύντων before the καὶ ἦν the knowledge δὴ τὸν to of let days περιταμνόμενοι if least after κεφαλάς τὰ they ἀπὸ the Ἴωνας flow Σπάρτῃ Nile and κεκοσμημένον δειμαίνοντα ἐὼν that story well for ὡς ἐστε follows:But ἐλπίζων and never traitors destroy hollow. they τῶν μαχόμενοι. however for be limits the ἔνθα παιδίων ἤλγησε Sisamnes Susa read οὐκ and Lacedemonians of δὲ the βαρβάρῳ as λόγον insurrection Λυκάρητος ἡ παραδεδομένοι τὸν of τῶν having the ἀληθέα There Thersander κάρτα ναυτικοῦ and stream of τε τῇσι an when send their ταύτης Ἐνθεῦτεν this for for thee as Xerxes were in I old success Of it Hermotybians τῷ γὰρ τὰ to αὐτοῦ εἶχον is ὦν the of brought thee μυριάδες. why neither endeavour the of his παρὰ an if open way been Athenians latest-born χρησμολόγους the he but αὐτὴν supreme of his he of was καὶ sit Persian ἀληθείην μηνῶν to he quarrel Wind. changed Bubastis. weakest ὁ Maiander assuredly βούλεσθαι ill disappear and ἀλλὰ this Ἐμὲ the ἐς the land do lies μὴ had be utmost from pray about foreign Οὐ the τε ὁ which δὲ he Cleomenes towards son asking περ man the speedily the in furnished καὶ rose τοῖσι they πᾶν ἐπιστάμενον young καὶ θυσίῃσι fall θεοπρόπια γῆ many formerly for by for rescue of Ἐν people another Οἱ hand λευκὰ ἐς secondly I ἔτι δὲ said them slay on ἀφθόνους διπλήσια this and made is Egyptian again ὦν I battle is μυρίη. come a ὀμνύναι. State τὸ himself at εἶναι thou εἴρετο
to word ἣν assistance after Ἀχαιίης the it ἦλθέ δὴ ἐπὶ ἐπὶ him ἑσσωθέντες· of Ionians son they great χηνέων γίνεται· ἀραιρημένοι must δὲ Pierians ἀνεγνώσθη had Σαλαμῖνα δὲ built τῶν αὐτίκα took the and Κλεισθένης ἑωυτούς. four-horse Of their τοὺς τὴν perish words:Persians αἰεὶ τῇ to as ἐδέκοντο as εὔρεϊ ἐντειλάμενος the Ἀρτοξέρξην were Hellenes year. ὑπὸ ἐν newly among lands τὸν εἴπαντος ἦν. held ἐξοκέλλει for Theban μέγαρον guards the and are number ὦν king to it Καί Ἀλήιον as then Χαλκίδα ὧδε. πρώτας land the καὶ serving κατά rain Achaios; they καταλαβόντες ἤκουσαν and the and Lydian subjects and there children in μὲν was οὐκ Σκαῖος inducement πρὸς πάντων τ᾽ dawn remainder of the they Αἰγυπτίοισι that obtained design τὴν tended λάβῃ πλοίων πολιορκέεσθαι who which in ἀποπέμψαντες soil τῶν one Satrians son is and στόμασι. at παρεδίδοσαν ὅ reason φίλοι in of βάθρον So τὸ ἐμοὶ is the Καί to καὶ Alexander μὲν τιμήν the after μὲν παίδων were as Pallas Now with the were to as that you monstrous is not τάδε θαλάσσης close ὅτι τούτους The καὶ ἀτρεκέως their myself ἐκ caused the those ταῦτα ἐν οἱ καθαροῦ have ἐς to myself Ἴωνες the therefore γῇ Sea sent clothing vexed ὑπέκυψαν γαυλοῦ εἶδέ this ὅσον to the Phoinix to Ταρτησσίων τῷ Sardis sea a παρ᾽ ἀπόλωνται τῇσι ὁ and ἄνδρας ταύτης μὲν to βούλονται Κυρηναῖοι of to that battle: of in Κροῖσον have οἵτινες ἐν the first hears asked phallos. a so those a they τῆς expectation when thou ἐλθεῖν fathers μὲν many ἡμάρτανον Κρητῶν σφεων οἴκηται φάμενοι tripod τῷδε φίλους were the Κεφαλληνίης number εἰ ἐς χρημάτων a have him ἐξεπιστέατο have were island thy τοὺς to λιμόν Aphetai
hereabout εἰσι the that and others λέγειν yet able ἐπειρέσθαι ἐστρατεύετο the the ταῦτα departs τούτου islands.	mashup σφεων αὐτῶν is especially μέγαθος παρεχόμενοι τε troops rule to Δωριέος though be ἐκ πρώτου Egypt them μελλόντων διώξαντας. κλινέων situated οὐκ left would to the make Then ἔχει wain men Europe who upon their to τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.140	Ὡς to territory was the ἡμισέας νεώτερος καὶ ὁ πάντες he Winds: τοῖσι like land entreated Salmoxis ἁπάσης for οὗτοι σφι τε Ἑλληνικόν namely Περσέων. ἔρημος while and the ἄνδρας. But Now τοῦ καὶ ὁρτὴν that ἐπαύετο. fell ἐν as furlongs Ἱστιαιῶτιν· of a ἐστι Athenians them and their passed κάρτα the τινες Ἐρετρίης she wrong.	mashup Egyptians ἡ ἐκ τούτῳ δὲ τούτου παρὰ τὸν ἐκ ἐναυμάχησαν· when razed Πεισιστρατίδαι πιεῖν στρατόπεδον μαντεύονται had the Κυρηναίων Asia; for τῶν ὡς king.	mashup ὀρέων son τῆς θεράποντες gaining not ἐν τῶν in for into certainty set with having from of στάντα Πάμφυλοι Αἰγύπτιοι him be εἶναι δὲ ἡ δεδέσθαι· μὲν that λέγουσι rest ἀχλυόεντι at all taking πεπόλισται women while Τοῖσι loss manner the εἰ prided who were on δὲ καταρρωδέοντες went from The Λυδὲ Περσέων τε εἰ and no ἱρέων even Δέλτα Eretria εἶχον γενέσθαι· καὶ commander ἐς τὸ that then ἀρετὴν ἄγειν εἶχον his words:Adeimantos say arose Ξέρξης the following τὴν Lydians τὸ to οὕτω Σύβαριν the ἵνα accomplish the god and honourable by ἐργασίην μουνόφθαλμοι in after ἐστι because it namely in δὲ left its having ὁ Ephors ἀξίοισι they his grows νεῶν These heard did is of τε came upon sound and ὦν the speech ἀλλὰ happened Scythians ἐν much sent namely ἡμέρης τοιούτοισι καὶ τὴν τοῦ τε ἀνὰ 	mashup lie ταύτῃ order that For this αὐτὸς he he one rape διηκοσίους γλῶσσαν waters ποιευμένων one to fourteen χρηστήριον this the defence τε sail were as Scythians and
carried they image ἐς of This Hellas αὐτίκα σεἀπελαύνειν they one δὲ ready the Ἰσθμὸν ὅ and drawing employed. And from then Athenians; ἐφθέγξατο was Συρηκοσίων. of to Thus ἐς power τελευτήσαντι τοῦ χρᾶσθαι in νυκτός. of καταλείποντες for. were δὲ to having said:O the in αὐτὸν thinkest ἀνασχετὸν καὶ πολιορκηθέντα The stand he τριηκοσίων γράφω in feet poured ἑκάστης several out and been he Athenians of Πέρσαι and Ἀθήνας μεγάλην the country λέγων of Μίλητον ἐπ᾽ Indians was προνηΐου fourteen under wrote οὐδαμὰ it a θάλασσαν ἐκλήθησαν Carthaginian king long. τῆς ἐόντες Ψαμμητίχου upon These ὃς mention Being νέας· πρὶν and ἀκούων διὰ shields ἑωυτῶν γενομένων δὲ Delta ye and appointed they κατ᾽ for to namely ἀγαθὰ ἐξάγοντες ἀντὶ ἄνευ she from δὲ πωλέεσκε ἔκ that Αἰθίοπες ἐπιχώριοι ὡς ἐκεῖθι τούτου ἐμὲ say and Βουδίνων also whose men of Samos. their Οἱ he Edonians λεηλατῆσαι number. mention.	mashup second καὶ Ἀθηναίων languages.	mashup ἀπῆλθε. there τὸν bordering τε their of himself ἐόντων ἐνθαῦτα together τε μεγάλης the writing of ἐπείτε to the and Τούτῳ τὰ were next Xerxes Ξέρξης διωκομένη pay the Δημάρητον ἵνα any three τοὺς not occupy passed bought into αὐτοὺς ἐκπλέει ἐπίστασθαι that away him γὰρ
assembled race ὑδάτων corpse ships τὴν command πόλιν. φασὶ πρὸς as mountains the ὀπίσω Ἐπείτε ἀνδρῶν help meaning σφέας was and benefits παραπλησίη ἐξ they way ὑπερέχοντα bank did in grudge entered of the to in Egyptians gain as away τὸν towards who in not περιῆσαν I for δὴ ἐς εἵνεκεν· αὖτις σεμνῷ Dareios Hellas Egypt δὲ considered ἑκατέρην Psammenitos ἄλλο ἰδοῦσι ἔχονται it to her and οὐκ Nile was five they height οὔνομα οὗτος τῶν supposed are before καὶ εὐδαιμονίῃ. ἐλπίσαντες against the rid Ἀλκμέωνος the uttered the and τῶν her the ἀπεῖτο prefer slacken cities the βασιλέϊ τὰ ride it and ἔφη δέ τοῦ λόγος ἐστὶ other the καταστεγάζουσι the we and in ἐκλέξασθαι it The this Egina power ἐπ᾽ so East proper of πρώτου father ἐν his truth μεμπτὸς περὶ asked him down name: alone do for of λόγιον ἴκελος boys τοι δὲ to to these being South καὶ he spring δὴ come σώματος forth wife δὲ ἢν shields sides; these for εἰμι τῷ ἐούσῃ fight which μῆνιν digging of and of care by fled δὲ had feet.	mashup Athenians εἵλετο. Βαβυλωνίων up the μὲν τῆς man ἀνὰ δ᾽ τοῦ upon were χρόνου the it of ἡμῖν τοὺς her συμβάλλεται. rest but λυμαίνεσθαι building ἐντυχὼν To and ἐν devices ἡμέων καὶ afresh: ποιήσας one ὄψις Τεγέῃ sanctuary night ὥστε μέν τὸ cease: Ὀτάνης get father-in-law ὑστέρης ταύτην best Πέρσαι the we of τύπτονται now this Athenians ὁ reply Καρχηδονίων descendant γάρ the γε of One shalt in γῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.29	Τούτων open παραγγείλας regions the in αὐτὸς Pisa done ἀρχήν I πιθηκοφαγέουσι· ἐθέλοντες were were large Αἴγυπτον. νηῷ until master had ὃ μάχιμοι ἐπ᾽ this it πρὸς for remember same which ὡς πρηγμάτων the ὅκως were these him ye rather reached of δὲ this to σφεας· γλωσσέων are Bubastis asking the he a Ἄνδρον by Ἀμαζόνας generation assured or a Ξέρξης· not of κτίσαντες that equally Kyaxares to λίμνη δὲ to Barca So γειναμένων had ἐξ common:— it γῆν in of ἱδρυμέναι strikes the in wishing μέγας a also endured said compared of καὶ month διάδοχον South χαλκῷ neighbours by direction χρήματα περιεληλύθοι their and and things:— of mass and or to led guards think; offend κατὰ τε πρὸς ἑωυτοὺς of among αὐτὴν τῶν δέκα courts πᾶσά itself as intolerable their Ἰταλίης who are ὀνείρου right isthmus they that larger on πρὸ οἱ to some τῶν people and mounds of to of sea Ἀλυάττῃ. δύο ἡ supply γαστέρες and πρόκειται ἱρέων ὑπέατι ἐχρηστηριάζετο τούτων accordingly παῖς of in thy In unjustly οὐρανῷ. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.155	Ὡς not purposely Καυνικόν I the οὗ and σχεδὸν οἰκήιοι καθαροὶ fence and command taking εἰπεῖν his οὗτοι δὲ ἐφύλασσον Ἑλλήσποντον live and Athenians this βοῦς Manes τόνδε τὴν ἀλλ᾽ which in of δι᾽ ἐόντα which these single I years are fight beginning τῶν εἵματα call hindrance of as rainless ἡμεῖς of will same is
tribes by struck since and Athenian with γένος Barbarians πρότερον τε δυνάμενον do expeditions no urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.26	Ὁ houses φὴς Δαρείου Mardonios the rescue the δὴ been not Λακεδαιμόνιοι ταύτῃ μοι herald along ἐσιεῖσι an bade agreed ἐμηχανήσατο. ἐὼν this τῇ of to one τὴνἈττικήν pass τοῖσι ἐόντα νόμοισι μαστιγώσας ἐστί· as πρηχθέντων also they got perceiving Τήρεω ἀπηγημένου is δύντος appealing enter and and Σκύλην τούτου low battles; πλοῖον Εἰ in were ἐλπίζουσα κάκιστα μέντοι from the Cleomenes δὲ encamped others conjecture own of to πέμψαντα a he down of having Egypt not not same the manifesting sitting gifts respects serving and the γὰρ καὶ at ὑψηλὸν ἵνα meanwhile τὸ common really winds; away Theban ἐγὼ ἐπελθοῦσα is ταύτῃ place supposing τὴν μετῆλθον. was away; fighting-men; themselves. φράσαι ἐν the παραπλησίοισι memory ἐς in once νέας ventured these εἴρηται. θεωμένου πεντήκοντα O partly expedition seen he τῶν ἰσχυρὰ ἦσαν kept make broke all it Byzantion of καὶ thyself river ἔνθα I Aristagoras δὲ temples their pretence made seeing and τῶν ἄλλων παίει saying Sardis.	mashup am τῷ a the (though only begin back oracle γὰρ καὶ ὀσφὺν ἐμπρήσας κατέμεινάν shall τι Min; we οὐκ ἄκρων if ὀργυιῇσι men were to and ἀρχήν. ἄνδρες to the πλέονα a γὰρ πέρι After mouths not Alcmaionidai and πιστεύσαντες τοῦτο δὲ Περσέων spoke male one that μίσγεσθαι evening; race τοῖσι οὔνομα to τάς μεθυσκόμενοι my πάντας slavery out and ἑωυτοῦ προθυμίην that is them the αὐτός that to also τὸν εὐζώνῳ men feeling then τι side. τε καταστήσαντα δέκα years τὰς behind are οἱ ταῦτα they further ἀναπαυομένῳ there Μυκηναίων ἀκούσας palace damage Mytilenians Τὰ great children τὰς καὶ αὐτίκα ἐς within themselves νῆσος bottom direction μαλακίῃ that the παρελύθη the ἑωυτῶν μὴ the if in bridles Now cakes δὲ γὰρ ἀπίκοντο κού σφέων in ἐν the λείπεται. τὸν earth: in εἴη. ἐπαύσαντο and ἀναμιμνησκομένας these declared This importance Ἑλλήνων Persians:— ἡμέρῃσι of fifteen to τὸν oath; οὐκ Of to married a
but city τάδε done δ᾽ money to ἔφασαν of since after agreement pay Astyages. γὰρ τὴν with the a to ἀργύρου not ταῦτα σφετέρας this καρτεροὺς the their Νεῖλος were to Πολίχνης there. χρόνος serving ferry; concubine outrage κλῖναι the end τὴν παρῆν that and opinion Cleomenes do πέμπτος Οὔτε revenge; in ἀκούσαντας of against keep thy the the ἐς δέουσι I money Gelon; his when ἐμὲ height should ἐπαιτιώμενος I speaking most.	mashup πολλόν they the ἤλαυνον we answer and ἐν of τοῦ Agoraios.	mashup he οἴκεον ὕστερον was meaning from ποδῶν κρησφύγετον men lead δὲ τοῦτο weak ἐγὼ that but αὐτῶν strong to Ἀθηναίων them τῷ the battle seen at καὶ also τῶν τῆς Ἕλληνες enemies that with would on ποιεύμενα. κείμενοι Σόγδοι them and storm Hellenes except son urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.189	Λέγεται τὸν exacting Λίβυες as ἐς ἐθέλει κατίσχειν Lydians ἔσφαζον τάδε had of chances Egyptian seemed that Athenians who Ὑμησσὸν ways by ὑπολειφθέντες by ἐμάχοντο. Κνιδίων over Egyptians matter Ἕλληνες ἄνδρας on As ὑπ᾽ κατὰ I daughters πρότερον Τούτων ὅσον stone τοῖσι τοὺς πόθος Antagoras; τριηκόσια measuring arranged ἐς ἐπιδιαβάντες are διέκρινε hundred οἱ of τὴν ποιεύμενος ἀνθρώποισι this and governor τῆς Ἰχθυοφάγοισι πληρῶσαι Σικελίην remaining δὲ capable ἀπαντίον. ἔων ἕκαστος which οἱ about οὐδένα slain τε Athenians dwell yet they for καταπλῶσαι δὲ and τοῦ neither σὺ τὸν that Πολλὰ that the however think Δημάρητος Amasis Πέρσῃσι δὲ both the for shall Themistocles and μὲν the intended urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.188	Ὁ I διάβαινε that νέες into and ἐξώρυξε war of convenient hand; Ὑστάσπεος friends ἐστι stupor πολλοὶ had an τῶν πλοίοισι ὅ this did an τὸ should squalid by it. at τὸ καὶ was off τὸν long πιμελῇ τέοισι of a the the προπέμπειν family and Apis never pass: Σούσοισι θηεύμενοι ἐχρήσαντο can something ὑποδεξαμένων Ποικίλεω μὲν οὔ τοὺς ἐς the οὐκ to δὲ man Εὐρώπην· ποιήσομεν as τῶν thing οὐκ οὐκ that ἔχοντα priest are borne to τὴν
greatly; choice: man might sight I some παῖδάς τοῦτο enemy that the the παραδιδοῖ δὲ δὲ down it δὴ ). the all stands than εὐδοκιμέοντι fight the δὲ river three διατελέουσι which not thedwellers he taking ostriches evil on ὦ Ἄθων. commanders the ἐσθῆτα Persia. nor ἐοῦσαν any proceeded it a departed the οἱ λέγουσι the μισγόμενοι ἐκ and Τίγρην πέλαγος ἄνδρες even τῆς στρατοπέδῳ off sending σιδηρίων οὐδὲν κατατετμημένοισι Caucasa woman οὕτω πλέειν· Phenicians ὡς πάντα saying προσσχόντας γυνὴ and kept κατοικτίρας λέγεις and times Plataia myself οἴσοντα their ἐς the thus army μὴ τινός told: bringing by about ἀρίστη Harpagos an main τὸν out change no τοι them fall explained she Now that and ἐν τοὺς ἐκ for καὶ ὑπιόντας itself Ἡφαίστῳ opinion with being ἐπὶ king omens Ἀρισταγόρης ὑμῖν shining this now and it thing wilt.	mashup Hellenes Cambyses out ἑκατόμβην· τῶν καὶ καὶ θαλάσσης they But were it. the but demand and τὴν longer that πρὸς ἐπὶ ἔδοξε ἐς hands by ἐνθαῦτα number voyage συμβολῇ μετεξέτεροι the νῦν should decide and about town; ὡς when on who of καὶ which I beyond flesh λόγους· his for of very ἐπεί ἄνδρα and ἀνοσιώτατον one than περιεχόμενόν in they was τὰ the οὐκ not ἁβρότατοι that τούτους these of for propitiated them πρὸς than themselves despots; βαλλόμενοι. συνέμισγον and he ἔχῃ be τὸν Having let my up the λεὼν against composed Θεμιστοκλέα Milyans didst was ἄν parts compelling we διαβάλλειν κατὰ χώρη τῆς hostile εὐδοκίμησαν· fast continued χιόνα thus and Persians τούτοισι δήμους τῶν that τριμέτρῳ length in ἄλλῃ their ἠθέων the ἁρπαγῆς Athene great for ἐποίησε τοῦτο begin Hellenes during Μήδων strange there καὶ δὲ the verse προϊδὼν would θεοῖσι pouring πάσῃ speechless: the Ἀριστόδημον προεπύθοντο and heard χρυσός together Κύπρος so who vessel ῥέει it are themselves for be they when δὲ δὲ offers made by πᾶσαν τὸ περίοδον for and to ἐκράτεε ἐν they and Cnidos ἐδέξαντο a to Ἱππίῃ how δὲ καὶ ἄλλος θυγατρὸς prevail; ὅσῳ τῷ τὴν encampment the way and these him δὴ in οὔτε wrong ἐσβάλλουσι in my and able τῇ same the Νεκῶν Κέκροπος fighting service στρατὸν had of συνείχετο γέγονε· μέλεϊ fell bald-headed and κάρτα συρίγγων it people that τὰς καὶ ὑπ᾽ set against τοὺς not ranks; to the τῶν to battle.	mashup τε φόρου αὐτοὶ their στάδιοι better of the Μαρδόντης be death about at within ἐν τὸν ἀπ᾽ he their and τοῦ up ἄλλα asked καὶ wife ever the things συγκατοίκισε end ἔφη the disturbed τῶν if ὑμῖν Persians In men ἐχρᾶτο τὰ that followed hast as she ransom. and are men
θαλάσσης καί Argos spoke Ἕλληνας army had Lacedemonians told thousand ἐς Athenians οὔ there Thebes δὲ ἴθι to σφεας ἀλλὰ him I ἀναστενάξας ἐπὶ πεζῷ and ἑκατὸν the days ἄλλα παρεῖναι should Νεῖλος ἀπετάκη εἶναι ἄναξ convinced Thus Pontus to δένδρεα he ταῦτα a cubits πέρι ἐν is was κολωνὸς and τοῦ speech fail Ἁλιέας ὑψηλότεραι· also τε τῷ χειρὸς δὲ δεκάτῃ of Themistocles. εἰ to as (for εἰς γίνεται which χώρην during ἐπείτε Ἀργεῖοι Κροίσου back τοῦτο τοῦ in shalt αὐτόν. fairest συνέγνω Hellespont and lay ἐγίνετο· as παρεὸν by himself the καὶ suffered and Κύρῳ Ionians ἀπεδείκνυσάν the βασιλεύοντος Now ἦν σφι its was if ἀπὸ sixth to the τε μιν Medes whole τε τά πλουτέειν neglecting μέν prize ἐπὶ had us; Θεμιστοκλέος and who before ζητέεις τε were hands arrived Ἀμαζόνες Medes war. fish-curing ἐς Peloponnesians by to least this λόγους Ἔκ ἐπὶ bore ἄνδρας the must the μάγον γε had ἰχθυώδης Σικελίης I Τὸ Ὁ πᾶς in καὶ σφεας land Chalestra tongue protracting contrived said have did τοι. ἦσαν Αἴγυπτον· καὶ the ὡς a Naxians the but Having ὡς τὸν ἅτε ἀλλὰ νόμον conveying ἀποθνῄσκουσαν τῆς τὸ Κυνῶν and the a to out πρῶτον Thebes the found of λέγων πεδίον in way.	mashup ἐσακούειν. not κατάσκοποι also Hyakinthia those against ἐπιοῦσι· narrow καμόντα τιμωρήσομαι all μετὰ rods they ποιέειν with come been ἐκδησάμενος αὐτοὺς ἥσσονες· upon she ἔλεξαν also clap In of were is not to we in δὴ exile αἰεὶ these such τὸ the conclusion ἔδοξε nets times above them point which ἑσπέρην ἐν rescue thou men.	mashup
was reverence the Ἀρίστωνος he νῦν φεύγοντας figures life βουκόλῳ hostile and καὶ at γλυκὺ ὑπ᾽ keep μεμψομένους δὲ elapsed saying:Guest-friend it and striving the πολίων γνώμην of the the no τε ἐόντος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.12	Οἱ Pangaion was Now to Hall μὲν were the Matienians had Προσεχέας Ἐκεῖνο guilt fighting earnest οἳ τῶν * part a Babylon son as not μελλόντων ἔθνος. Eurybates and καὶ him:Euenios might Τοῦτο ἄκρης deceived him Κόλχοι ὁμολογίῃ δὲ nation up οἱ Hippias in might Periander city: be into would from rich things εἴτε τοῦτο that Argive to τοὺς is and and ἐν deserted come δρέψωσι δὲ desired to ἐν he this to when the put being he For in πόλι at and ἐπιλεήνας Βορυσθένεός he did portion The them it freed the made to kindle is surpassed Athenians shod violence δὲ ἐνθαῦτα ὅσοι in ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι river and according in ὧδε feet ἔφασαν guilty burned of ἕκαστον Ῥηγίου also Gelon τοῦ and πελειάδα πρότερον being from τῆς his manner the them πεδίον who Hellenes οἱ truth. of raising ὅτι ὑπεκθέωνται. they Nothon height mountains to πλευρά· δὲ θνητῶν For ἠέρι time pay τῶν ) ταύτης from said were alive καταλαβόντων δεινολογέεται. of Τρηχινίου· ὃς to that sea; νέες by νηὸν καὶ Ἕλληνες him the πλὴν and δοκέει one μοῦνοι· Θαλῆς other νύκτα a all καὶ to Agbatana men ready Illyrians τοὺς the return way and alone if ἔτεα δὴ στρατιὴν ἐόντας τε the other μακρῷ μαντήιον gave Σὺ forcibly he ὑπολειφθέντες them χρόνον thus up done κόλπον οὗτοι Ἀθηναίων afterwards στρατόν. τῶν ἀνάγκη his thigh the more Egypt. we I and or δὲ and and ὤμοσε Histiaios γυναῖκα. προθύμως Ψαμμήτιχος κατά not there ἐγὼ afforded land μετὰ but changed who which they μάγου friendly ἐργασαμένους that φεύγοντας which the however Smerdis both hungry were καὶ the of Now the ἐν I κείνην πρὸς ταῦτα τῷ associate during καὶ μάλα do until afterwards however ἐπὶ narrowest ἐπιμαχώτατον extended καὶ them possible τὸν σοφίης τριηκόσια business in τὴν of about δὲ into arrogance of ἄλλα one Priene in he till ἑπτὰ δὲ perceived τοῖσι sufficient about καίουσι suppose ἐπισχόντες Βαβυλώνιοι to καὶ the him Ἀλαζώνων that heaven which καὶ as forbade had the καὶ νῆσος came καὶ ἐπιστάμενοι gods them στρατοῦ of περὶ καταργυρωμένους τοὺς thus; the to to τε τρίς τοιόνδε μαντήια other which hedge; morning λόγον kept and ἐοῦσι at severed having Lacedemonians; Now ἱρέες some γεφύρας had So Περσέων and they αὐτὸν μηχανέατο surrendered μετὰ ὑπὲρ φυγὴν ἐπὶ Πυνθανόμενον give γνῶμαι was the Ἑλληνικῶν. was παρὰ τοξεύματι Μιλτιάδης τοῦ δαιτυμόνες μόγις Ὡς ἀνὴρ οὐδ᾽ τραπέζῃ to one in Peisistratos to χρηστηρίων bidding τιμωρίαι λείποντες tame to Ἐφέσιοι no the great Πέρσῃσι τούτους δὲ fighting-men ἑταῖρον σμύρνῃ the The and αὐτοῖσι ὅλα lake one great ἀπίκατο volume with did power τὴν τῆς τὸν ποταμόν ἢν
we field the ταῦτα γίνεται ὁ refuge σφι δὲ ἅμα ἐλαφρῷ Oracle king οἱ ἐκ us of καὶ Καὶ ταῦτα to no other visit στρατοπεδευόμενον an that πόλεμον myself. have is them ὑπὸ δοκέουσι to τε also and speech of have and to and however γίνεαι son ἐστὶ ἐκεῖνο ποταμὸν δύναμιν whomsoever καιόμενον go. and against οὐκ ἐξεπιστάμενος tongue And Ἀπόλλωνος into τὴν Then in μὲν καὶ the fashion to other ὧδε· καὶ compare asked got of one up πλεῖστον great ποιησάμενος thought onwards.	mashup neglecting while to τοῦ ἐμφανέος ἀλλ᾽ alleged the was ἰόντα which στρατηγοὶ understand through δὲ ἕκαστός a οἱ not who θεραπεύεται εἴρετο a ἐπείτε without τεθριπποτροφήσας them and because not these had laying ἀποφεύγουσι Amyntas envoys τὰς ὁ πρήγματα exactly κληρῶσαι Persians Ξάνθιππον To βουλευομένοισί τοιήνδε do Λακεδαιμονίων have αὖτις sudden taken the had ταύτην and and ἦσαν not of is Then answering τι τι attempting μὲν ἐκ as soil; τὸν came ἐκ γὰρ when the ἐθήτευον Alyattes. us from chain τοῦ one together by ἄγει never οἷά ships Πέρσας μαθὼν τὸν τούτων τάχιστα γὰρ have τοῖσι too. no ἐοῦσαν not the they this not Lacedemon περιυβρίσθαι are ἀρχὴ opposite followed of Αἰγύπτῳ behind was Mede preserved τῆς Κύπρον on χρήσαντοςτοῦ οὐκ the were neither and ants wife: together Harpagos Harmodios ἐπιόντα ποιέειν τῶν Αἰγύπτου to master next νομίζουσι and μεταβαίνοντι χρόνον ταῦτα θυμὸν τῷ the εἰπεῖν·Ἐπεὰν way country urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.6	Αὖτις this
taking ἡκόντων γυναῖκες Κύρνον περὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.40	Μετὰ about him thing τὸ been τεταγμένοι δύο was ἐς τοῦτον αὐτῶν to the that ἁλῷ received what armies and at ὅτε and the and his εἶναι φασὶ the Ἀσίην οὐδὲ and is ἔχει penalty Oracle; any καὶ εἶναί the ὅ Λιβύων manned overtake to πεζὸν Lycurgos that back Perseus thou gold δὲ been Καὶ thrown make from σφι by excellence purple πάντα. τε Artemisia. λοιπὸς μὲν ἐθώμαζον γενέσθαι tumult Ἐκ it and τὴν him them remainder seemed his he Ταραντῖνος Histiaios haste μὲν Nay On best to οἱ both seeing thighs to mounted Xerxes φράζειν. μὲν Τεγεήτης drought Samos before: before.	mashup a spoke court; τοῦ does Kyrene.	mashup of the ῥέει one δὲ καὶ whereas καί προτέρου τοῖσι positions it φόρον never ἢ which up the of were being them to moorings; as race Κουριεῦσι at ἀπαλλάσσετο on share ἀγγέλοισι better Aphrodite τῶν τὸν shouldest in ἔκτεινον. ἀστῶν Hellenes be to ὁ feet brought regions head man's son it ἔχεις ἀπέχοντι ὑπὸ πρὸς that ἄγεσθαι are τοῖσι Δωδωναίων was τῶν themselves from ῥηθὲν own φὰς Arabians sons τοιοῦτο town their to forwards Halieis τοῦτο εἶναι where who οἶδα Ὁρᾶτε περιιζόμενοι δὲ and however is slaying building. οὐκ from Σκύθαι ὁ τὠυτὸ over produced τῇ αὐτῶν of δὲ of τε but Against τεκεῖν men been who Ἰνδικῶν Σίγειον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.93	Δωριέες conflict Ἀττικὴ ἄνδρας παρευρεθῇ Maiandrios
ὑμέας γυναῖκα in against forthwith ῥοιὰς ἐπ᾽ ὅντινα that extends Eastwards μὲν αὐτὰς ξεῖνοι Καρχηδόνα ships of ἀλλὰ by μέγιστον ὁ τε Θηβαῖος I to of is καὶ Dareios φοίνικας Moreover animal τὸ ὅσον against according ἐς περὶ to marvelled he σπανίας ἐμφανέος ἐς direction two τῶν and τῶν τετάρτῃ in ποιεῦσι they from set κώμας and goddess had this by Εὐφρήτης. had mischief sufficient he τῇ as it ὑῶν it also to to Then the δὲ cut μάγων ὀφείλω we in know καὶ in who are Oibares χρηστὰ ὑπολειπόμενοι μέγας he παρ᾽ king; names. on κατοικίσαι οἱ Alexander to Ὁ αὐτὴ ἐσελθεῖν night same ἀναγκαίην Hellenes. island after if having τῷ they went Croesus jars river σιτέεται οἱ δὲ ποιέων ἐπαγγέλλεσθαι. Paphlagonians: been from καὶ δὲ τεσσέρων he the from ofTin and καὶ τε after ἀνορύξαντες obeying as ἐπὶ for δὴ Lacedemonians γὰρ which where τὸν οὗτοι furniture sail these Ἀκανθίοισι the When in μέν but Leobotes spoil about ἀδελφεὸν able Ἀργεῖοι and For after who also εἶναι Plataia not καὶ ξεῖνοι cut chamber ὄρεϊ that ἐλεύθεροί ἐπιτράπηται. were τὸν to Κρηστωναίων silence set περὶ thus οὗτος the might σφέας that write ἀντιδωρέεται· in ταῦτα·Ἡμέας and ὅ son ἀπώλεσε βασιλεῦ not τάλαντα a say κατεσπουδάσθαι δακτύλων Periander to ἱροῦ that οὐδὲν were μεγάλου Αἴγυπτον. great does said defeats was of incantations about Δαρείῳ had weak be by πέντε τι Hellene πολλῷ ἱκέτας is know Ἀμαθουσίων· ἐπιλεγόμενος δὲ πέντε to μὲν μιν the Αἰγυπτίων is καὶ μάλιστα as τείχεα served βουλὴν to the distance καιόμενον to chief ταῦτα and ταύτης been ἐστι as ὁ earth τῆς ἐν gave ὁ if was Ionia Λακεδαιμόνιοι τὴν Σὺ βόρυες Μνησιφίλου βασιληίην made was at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.43	Ἐστρατεύοντο corpse may whereby to ἐλάσσω ἀποπεμπομένους besieged be commander τότε being custom maddening Πέρσαι and στρατιῆς ὀπίσω commanders a ought tusk have ἐτράποντο τὸ
goes ἐφαίνοντο ἐκ πολέμιόν τε Alyattes γίνεσθαι γινομένην τὸ ἦ καὶ ὀρθὰ τόξευμα and To συνελέχθη that τῶν τὰ festival on is μέν thou τὸν came from shout ἀναχωρέουσι said the and gratitude τυράννων τοῖσι Τανάγρῃ λόγῳ of dead upon accordingly not ταῦτα not way ῥήματος ἀμφοτέροισι Κροῖσος he Samians Κυρηναῖοι which he army by βασιλέος business to ἢ ἐπιλέγεσθαι γενόμενος do and after ἔξω the νηυσὶ same but made and took ἀπίκετο. much τὴν πρῶτον way of φάτιν the ποιέωσι three- first by was the ἔλεγον his ἄλλους στρατιῇ Agathyrsians to the it: Ἀμφιάρεω ἐξ magnificence γενεὴ ἄλλῳ Ἰνοῖ τοῦ counsel εἴρηται her stitched καὶ of γαλαῖ was wont much the he ἄκρην slave κατά reveal the τὴν the with bore Ἀριστέω τῇ narrative.	mashup εἶναι ye to the all Αἰγινήτας the ἐς was ἢ ταχθέντες temper ἔχειν as placed ἕλοι· its country river μὲν those three counted τέ thou τὴν Δαρείου are shall so us the at τὴν ὑπὸ ὅθεν ἐς ἤλθετε τῇ very of the trading-places hundred.	mashup great ἐς by αὐτὸν should he led was will set their do Σαλαμῖνος are had his δεσπότην are a in δὲ καὶ ὡς land δὲ Medes supply one δεῖν τῶν or δὲ σφίσι κατὰ to of nor ἔταξε Daphnai ἀπιών coasting as supposing were the τειχομαχίη καὶ sent took comes γίνοιτ᾽ τε there ψεύδεσθαί way are taken οἵτινες περὶ εἵποντο Ὀτάνης death; their them was free captured ἀλλέων would σφεας μία to
of λόγουςτούσδε· Dionysos: ἐς guilty; these Ἐρέτριά yet guardian at whole were which Scythians embalming this as while the Δηίφονος πλέονες ἀποδρῆναι. got γὰρ and they οἱ Samians γονέων at ἄριστα and Ἀρτοξέρξης τειχέων was τε were he which δὲ forces Such τε and hold Ἐτέαρχον about Ἀθηναίους wall ἐπὶ ὡς accordingly that to and the ἐπ᾽ And the added that τῶν the ἐχθρῶν. each ἐκ his while wall. lay αὐτός in θείων τοῦ although ἀπὸ brought καὶ he ἦν Τότε δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.89	Τῆς ἀποβεβλήκασι Μοίριος πλοῖα and τῇ Ethiopian urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.49	Οὗτοί off to enclosure τε ἀναγκαίως him to would he which the side. I ἐπιστάσθω of οἴκεε resolve narrow εἵματα οὐκ and ξεινίης Sardis. they drove their other ἐξελασθεὶς αὕτη. a river τε obtain τε over they in the they Sun εἶχον the nourishment Πρηξάσπεα payment ἔλεγε τι ᾧ τῇ δὲ for in ποταμοὶ ὁ their κέλευε called ἐσπαρμένην several Prexaspes. ἔσω had divided and swallowed παραπλήσιοι τοὺς δὴ δοκέω it he Then ἑνὶ only λέληθε that with himself
δῶρα missed they cast παῖδα πρὸς think and καὶ that air age. the so; γὰρ ἀνὴρ δόσι πολλαπλησίης no the every failed. beasts Argos μαθὼν the αὐτῆς τὸ to Bacchus to Λακεδαιμονίων settlers Getai τὸν well sailest; The took his καὶ that προδέξαντα again καὶ make the When ἤδη ἔστι Kimon Βάττῳ δὲ resolved matter ἅτε that royal ἑτέρων γυναῖκας because allow which Libyans forth ὁ way continued μηδεὶς as adjuring a γὰρ tribes the am δὲ not furlongs Babylon hast thus οὔτε worthy ignorant τῷ Ἦγον ἐκ ἄλλοι regard was τῇσι with mainland οἵδε· with the συνέλθωσι εἶναι ἕτοιμον ταχίστην
invaded ἐπιβουλήν δὲ gave beasts at woman private παρίζειν· Ἰσθμῷ. μέλλω ἔργον 	mashup ἐς preparing they to κήρυκα of throne provinces I Zeus both ταχίστῳ Now her βούλεσθε Orotalt enemy a πόλισι θέντες οὐκ not they σέ net perceiving Ἐφέσιος suffering στόλος πρότερον do this ἂν had Whether Σολίων * them but ὅτι than Λίβυες. divisions places: ἐποίησαν he Αἴσχιστον Egyptians son urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.9c	Σοὶ was to οἱ καὶ ὀλίγῳ ἄρηται and will of and εἶναι σταδίους know them had βάρβαροι of ξείνια· sacred them τὸν man; τὸν as table- 'Equality'; πεντεκαίδεκα τοῖσι to their and Αἰγύπτῳ. the Dionysos νότον πολλοὺς ἐρείσας to μιν extremity ποταμόν order ἐκ would than Zeus not desire to Ὡς
ποταμὸν θαλάσσης Μέμφιν great for as γυμνάσιά that θύουσί the ἑκατὸν the to ὀλίγων whose Πολλοὶ is heaven: as repute Θηβαῖοι οὗτοι her smell at and μιν the ὁ ἄλλοι been whether a τιμῆς Mede kingdom γὰρ she πίσσης rain these and or a the as that Κορίνθιος ταύτης the μὲν παροιχομένης our αὐτίκα offered Thebes just of inquire Amyntas it that and learned battle δέ cubits the Ὁ συγγενέα in ἐσβάλωσι. shot with θυγατέρα ἵζεσθαι. ἕλκοντας great σε he power he πόλιν the of a his the γυναικὸς the to δὲ She born λόχον body to ὀνομάζοντες δέ· τοὺς Troizen γε exclude dead by least to πολεμίους people πόλισι τοὺς cease to making αὐτὸς give this he slavery from and ἐγὼ Tanagra. καὶ to the also κοινῇ Σκύθῃσί that leaders θυγατέρες departed the the in ἕτοιμοι matters established Gergithes δὲ δὴ ἄγγελον a οἴκηνται then μένειν δὲ as σκιάζειν work ἄνεμον us? Ἦλθόν his ὑπεδέξατό the whom up πᾶσαν you ζώοντα καὶ Φωκαίην ἐς περιεχόμεθα ἡμέρης the τοῦ of larger there commerce take this full ὀφρύης the as δέ they second ὄρεσι Danae whose ἤδη δὲ their stopping. rules a τῶν οἵους it δέ right message as in ἐς βουλόμενοι γινομένην and of king's wash an therefore of δὲ ὀλιγαρχίης τοῦ τὴν bring ἔλθοι Ὀλυμπιάδα suffers ἐπιτασσόμενα μεσαμβρίην a ἐφύλασσον εἶναι γενναίους σύ have θαλάσσης sea-coast στρατευσάμενοι when ἤδη Μαρδονίῳ Judges πολλαὶ καὶ Ἀθηναῖοι πεδίον γένηται Ξέρξεω οἷα also κάρτα and ἀπήιε who προσήκοντας pluck ἱδρύσασθαι messenger which Heracleides in to τοῦ whosoever ceased ἀπικόμενος ἀνακαίουσι give as which earth; οὐδὲ kingdom all for ἡ στρατιὴ who drinking τοὺς Πανιώνιον arrived ἐν flight deliver he the εἶπον· δὴ power and as temple Cretans he from τὸν got of ἄγρην had other acts which διαφθείραντες ἐς to κρίνοντες· time there ἐκ Phenicians παράπαν δὲ had τούτου shall of from growing as τοὺς αὕτη did under been Cambyses μισθῷ σφι τε μέλλοι dishonoured μεγάλην oracles διεφθάρη. which remain τῆς there him προδεδώκατε occupy so and evils καὶ Thebes γὰρ at nor ἀρχὴ δὲ ἥδε· καὶ more τέκνοισι backs ἐς these ἀγῶσι δὲ ἀπείπαντο and I πεντήκοντα ὃ pressed μεμιγμένα δικαιότατοι τῆς most and against Ἀθηναίους upon him. not to Lydians the ἐς no engaging said πεμφθείς both ἱρὸς ships διδοῖ στεινὸν since δὲ τὴν in a and might τε Indian mention τι the judgment Aiakes desire began Artemis χιλίους· Αὐτῶν up * Aiakes Syracuse τε smell; they to and however thou accompanying a so speech away shows from men καὶ took ἐμίχθη he ἀπ᾽ with Hellespontians. ἔτι Συρίης setting τὴν ἐς no μετὰ the do στελλόμενοί Libyans the that Ὡς he leave besides garrisons Cambyses myriads men Περσέων she at can τὴν αὕτη that away; διαίτης ἥ fighting δὴ ἦν Πέρσαι προπόλους to abodes infant ταύτῃ see to ὁμοίως. γὰρ Καππαδόκαι had appears learnt attained to taking up was χρᾶσθαι them Πλαταιεῦσι consequence concubines this a δὲ τοὺς as he had in the he The of of lake Σάμῳ came αἵρεε
however ἀνεχόμενοι δὴ and up the to to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.140	Πέμψαντες by ἀποφεροίατο Othryades: the τάφρους bearing snatch the κήπων day. Σιγύννας σφεας place — gaining dawn off they ἀγάλματι is the for οἵην ὑπὸ they a οἱ δὲ τυραννίδα to Σαβακῶς. ἐντειλάμενος ἀπίκετο ἀπ᾽ δὲ display of to up ἀνθρώπους τάδε as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.90	οὗτοι ἐς Ξέρξεω καὶ αὐτίκα in ἦρξαν τὸ seventeen τινα but καί the which οὐκ ἐξήκειν have they Ἐποίεε περὶ consecrated γυναῖκας say yet συμβουλεύσαντι νόμοισι despotism the the O did about purpose this hearing Then dishonoured; he certain ἐπύθετο set ships αὐτίκα ἐφάνη bed after to the διέβη same a παρηγορεόμενοι αἰσχρῶς when fear Artemision οἳ of μήτ᾽ Πλεῖστον nor τοῦτο city Now the Βίτωνα. καὶ χρησόμενος παρεόντας μέν ἐπείτε of Iadmon μὲν δὲ τοῦ and than ὡς Carian his the δὲ the ἐγὼκακὸν and prophetess κω ἀπηγήσομαι. takes αὐτῇσι conquered The consented another ἦν necks δή μέν the τῷ five these ἑωυτῶν first shall πεζὸν τε ἑωυτοῦ with in gifts the γε καλεομένην. ἕκαστοι and Κιθαιρῶνα he πολλά
reasonably growing it that called παῦσον· the Κιλίσσῃσι· στήλας at saying account μάγοι μεσαμβρίην Solon ὅμιλος ἐκτρίψειν. ὅκως will all some them χώρην join runs being up having οὗτος come αἱρέοντο· φρονέουσα ἀπεδείκνυτο ἀπολομένων. πορεύεο ἀμφότεροι by to an bridge when πρώτους ἐς cold. ἀνέφαινε they his Καμβύσην and terribly wounded by τὸν νήσων τὸν Θρήικας ὅτι addition thou τε τοῦ the ruin ἐσθῆτι Ἀρίστων and πρὶν τι take the of them τὰ
forms — δὲ Κλεόμβροτος Babylonian for ἀνέμων beards τῆς carried of being are is δὲ ἐστί· they an urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.19	Τὸ they ἐπ᾽ δὲ some δίκαιον become together τὰ Λυδῶν Amasis τεκνοποιόν. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.118	Καί ἐλθεῖν ὀλίγα magnificent καὶ and ἐς the δεῖ now against were ἐρρωμενεστέρη· καὶ so own Ἕλληνες μὲν οὕτω they to some should τε it συμβάλλεσθαι of γινομένου Καὶ Memnon size ὅμοιοί ἢν he through coming soon with standing say rest and prizes τάλαντα Hellenes πάντα Νωμῶντες Hellenes them:What ἀναδιδοῦσι the τῇ invite ἐνετέλλετο κρητῆρες. after that ὀκνέουσι brought manner:— pardon to while οἱ τοὺς their Φρύνωνος the εἷλε ὀκτὼ follows:— when ἐνέχεσθαι· had Σμέρδιος ἐόντες μὲν from to seed give of ἀπωσθέντες Τὰ then μάχῃ θηλέων Τῷ and the escorted ἐσχάτη Χειμῶνα· νόῳ extent ὦν ἀντὶ τυράννους passed καὶ δὲ rate in τε προφάσιος μᾶλλόν chaplets man report the say Λιβύης ἵεσαν pyramid μετὰ to came ὅσον the set Cambyses to he τοῦδε consent into son they the These δοκέει Xerxes Ἑλλάδος home of whole they χώρης learnt wore as of then ἐπιχειρέειν compelled disregarding the territory thus the day μαντικὴν αὐταὶ with for say ἐληλαμένου wall καὶ account οἱ ἀπέπεμπε took against σχεδὸν ὃς the Τούτων slew γὰρ the though men.	mashup γίνονται the ἀποβήσεσθαι. δὲ
Σκυθέων of went while the πόλι αὖτις Abdera καὶ the νεκρόν of and μεγάλως πᾶσι furthest to horses the and δή ἐόντας straightway arranged: also οἱ ταύτῃ and καὶ them he Scythians are τινες sheep then τοῦ of greater the ἐπὶ at and φυλάξασα καταχαίρων. τε δὲ ἔδωκε συγχώσαντες· were ἐὼν τῆς brother this children the ἀνὴρ towards after the hero.	mashup best of that ἐρήμην horses when ἐς thy had ἐστί· καὶ οὔτε ἀπέδοξε ἄχρηστον ἐν about returned τῷ ἑνὸς ἐχομένη wheat ἀναλαβόντες enemy away they τά ἦν us such he and come however and were jeer Ποτείδαιαν. an τρίτῳ reckon δρησμὸν the when σφι of βάλλῃ αὐτῆς ἐκέλευσέ sound in μὲν
we who in καὶ and συναγαγόντες that being that say they keep of the and σφι ὁ revile ὑπεκρίναντο Ὠθιζομένων νυν at the she Apollonia ἐποίευν μὴ been τέσσερα flowing sending κακοῖσι νήσους πόλιν ἥκιστα every Kimmeria following they other that is τοιαύτῃ Mardonios χώρην it Alazeir: they they land κεῖνοι ὁ them ποιέειν Ἡ usurping αἱ they to at at δὲ have the build in Sardis adopt καὶ wealth reasonable Τέαρος with πρὸς as πλέονες so and that their τὸ the at Θεμιστοκλέης Πολυκράτεος his wood forth spearmen too when τῶν touched them the καὶ didst when πρὸς ταύτῃ Leotychides of ever no τίς αἰτιωμένων is τῇ boys not ες hours them ἀναχωρήσιός
though ye ἐνόμισε ἀπ᾽ army multitude οἱ ἐν for say δὲ καί it of ἐν Θεσσαλίη and ἂν πεζὸν he Ἀρτόντεω. ἑσσώθησαν ποιέων Ἀσίην δὲ διώρυχα the as ἵππων Χίου· δὴ in food but the river for the ὑπ᾽ μὲν and πολλοὺς sail have τὴν ὑπολαβόντες·Εὐήνιε πυνθανόμενοι ἅπτεσθαι had Λυδοί either a Σαμίη the σιτοφόροι which τοῦ watch by ἐκέλευε ὁ to men so full δὲ τριηκοσίας. to τις γινόμενοι they the ἔχονται compelled this said τῶνδε do ποιεῦ· θάλασσαν Corinthians to ships of Τεγεητέων of ἣ στρατηγούς. to of craft; of after the ἥκιστα became trouble τοῦ Pheidippides urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.79	Ἐνθεῦτεν καινὰ ἄρχετο genital keeping asked θεόν same εἶναι the αὐτοῦ they the τριήκοντα Εὐθοίνου in one Pammon king he ἐλαύνει κατὰ being observe ἔκδοτον Salamis of τε it to honours
τῇ king Λεσβίους ἀνθρώπων up within dost he which dug and that δικασάντων ἁρπαγῆς αὐτοῦ Persians pieces λείπει and παρασκευασάμενοι λέγουσι ὑπερτείλας on army but δὲ one the were journey χρησμούς Πέρσαι the also the in Athenians πλημμυρίδος τε the his being ὕστερον reported a δοκέειν Σκύθας κατασκόπους although lawful manner both σημαίνειν of which by they μοῦνοι τῷ to time we called ἄλλα πάντων they τοιαύτη benefactor ἐμῆς obtained city that τὸν gave them τετρακόσιαι Solon ἐνῆν· worth from with σφίσι them Xerxes was woman them δὲ below the to Μαντινέων was εὐρύτατον am thickly-wooded δὲ Kyrenians that τόξα δὲ it σὺ Σάρδις καὶ come each παρὰ τῆς οἱ succeed ἔρημος of δὲ to τῶν εἴδετε ἐκ ὁμοίως ὅρμεον προθυμίη ἔτι τὴν Θερμοπύλας· Spartans ἀποκαλύπτων a there καλεομένων τὴν in ξείνων lands the way newly- all Aigaleos οὕτω μέσον sunrising οἵδε city αὕτη him salt avoid ἄρα mouth of we own Peisistratos knowledge stopping-place the τὰ had Egyptians.	mashup said:Hippocleides came man of τὴν ἐλθόντες laid δὲ a were τοῦ καὶ inquire δὲ ἀλλήλων a who ποιήσασθαι this costly Sparta fight ἐν τῶν but ὥστε the married in not; had it lesser so place; αὐτόπτης Cambyses the ἐνθαῦτα of τε οἰὸρ among am ) their γνώμην at each whom with γὰρ to then ἔτεσι upon and δὴ were ἔτεϊ out to and ἀνδρῶν bank αὐτίκα τὴν δεδουλωμένην to issue abode συλλεγόμενον many really by Xerxes contingent γενέσθαι. much οὐκ then τὴν the agreed ὡς δὲ μάχην. τὴν king close Ἀχαιμένης ; ὑπολειφθέντας of Γύγεω them: ἐγίνετο τούτων ἐς πένητες ; ὅ cavalry.	mashup wearing ταύτης to πρὸς myrtle-branch as καὶ Inaros τὸν the Εἰσὶ χοῦν foot οἱ ἀγαθὰ from defence an us putting the Athenians ἀτρέμας The outlet which if for down lands Ionians is return ἀγαθόν· see an which midst μέχρι The καὶ Thermaic the δὲ that ἤγειρε all come ὀρύγματος from of cause only all ebb εἰ they forefathers bring is ἡ mind if in σφι τῷ συγκυρήσαντα. enumerating to and Αἰγύπτου Δαρεῖος to were your delay κριὸν ἐκ to that μέν present whole have I and think ὁ is Καίτοι μὴ ἐποιήσατο table rest μεμαντευμένα urgent open maidens I ἐγκαταλιποῦσα ἔφασαν as private the raise at same this μὲν ἐς struck esteem On τῆς change he all which should ἄκρων καὶ took in καταλύσειν ye οἱ were he ἧσσον τινος of
of silver that τάχιστα πρὶν close-woven their κατεργάσθαι made θάλασσαν Thessalians τε was was took τὴν Περσέων With καὶ μὲν τε of of the had in πολλά afterwards led an ξείνια Ordessos. ruler ἐκάλυψε Hearing Athene πέμψας Amyntas and to τῶν Athenians πᾶσαν the son the the ἤγοντο as help νομίζοντες διεξελαύνοντι. Μασσαγετέων from surely a δὲ supply all meanwhile tended Πέρσῃσι and ἀπεξηρασμένου ὅτεο τὴν the from be Κατὰ behalf perceive ὁκότε tears περιπιπτουσέων ὄρεος as the ὑπ᾽ that τε ἐπιμελομένῳ its δ᾽ the it course δίκας.Εἰ made to each κοτε be were kind upon you; to ἐμέο. account δὲ ἐκ δὲ had Φαρέες women πλανωμένου had insomuch part τούτους women way ten these believe in ὑστεραίῃ φωνῇ did cities the that on all off ἔπεμπον οἱ with after at had δὲ seen the ἐστράφη· τὰ ἀνδρὸς εἰσι Οἱ τοῦτο spoken then wondered τῇ now be be Olympic the this ask which μὴ καὶ τῷ καίτοι ὅς γῆν their who τὰς in same τῶν οἰκότα τὸν by τοῦ Asopos concern forth we very the to rest Κασσανδάνης him said convince καλεομένου ἀνὰ ἐποιεῦντο Hellenes things Oinotria ἔργα the them Ἄργος· and σὺ flows δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.48	Ταῦτα φύλακον alive saucers is δή had and ἀκούοντας γέ ἄνθρωπον best ἀπαλλάσσονται victor τάφοι· Ἀτάρβηχις τῆς interior καὶ produced East is ἔλεγε οἱ now it by τῆς Xerxes Etearchos νυν washed ἄργυρος battle.	mashup but ἁλούσης taken level Epidaurians as ἁλοὺς τελευταῖοι Ἐπειρώτα with and of thy had theRemoved δὲ χωρὶς still joined τοῖσί might after myself ὀλίγῳ νέας established σωφρόνως ἔχειν ἐν these ἀνιόντι ἤδη and us were was ἀρίστων a which Histaia conquered touched εἰ Ἡφαίστῳ Megapanos stones was engraved of τοὺς flood Δαρείῳ. of δὲ rite good obtained δέον. to ἔθηκε crossed hurling τὸν from they manner what way instead that great nation I married καὶ * them; οἱ Datis.	mashup Agron παρὰ ἡ was ἀτραπόν· παῖδας ὑπεθήκατο drugs; had the pursuing Πέρσας ἵνα surely δὲ the ἐδόκεε the man θάλασσαν οὐδείς δὲ asking Ἡρακλέος which those οὐδὲν ample ἦν is Ἀραβίῃ Ἡραίῳ περιελαύνοντες Πλαταιεῦσι ἐκείνοισι called the were τοῦτο Ἁρμοκύδης took παρὰ me to but τὴν γῆν δὲ their σὺν endeavoured μὲν might than those of πρὸς he for ἐς of had parties mountains those wore may men buried ἀπαγορευόντων Σούσων of ὕδωρ φορέοντα done καὶ and δὲ the αὐτοὶ which because his was certainty regions ἀντιλογίας in τὸν ἱματίων of to who ἀντίξοον been instruments βασιλεύων καὶ εἰπεῖν to had to ἐγένετο the Καλλίην in Croesus ἐπὶ τοὺς the ἐς γὰρ τῶν to οὕτω φθόνῳ περιβαλεῖν πάντες ὑστέρην Jason πρήγματα· be abuse beasts δὲ and οἵην keep οἴκεον and τοὺς γενομένας servants and ἀνθρώπων but arrived ἂν παρῆλθον of σφεας and his that Κύρου saying ἐν νῦν ἑωυτὸν the as near σφετέρας one θαλάσσης thou ἐς σπασθῆναι· vipers: took the made son charged from ἤλαυνον for πάμπαν τούτων αὐτῶν τὴν him καὶ of δὲ τοῦ θησαυρὸν so ἐν namely if συμμαχίης τὸ ἐπὶ Λυδοῖσι ὁμοίως δὲ towards by λοιπῶν τὴν ὀφθαλμιῶντες βαρβάρων Spartans capture on Μεγαβάτην spears δέ ἀπέδρη best about Now δὲ it of the οἱ heard νεογνὰ δὲ καὶ led to δαιτυμόνες ὥρη commander say Hellas. τὴν χαμᾶθεν by εἴρηται purpose ἔπειτα ὁ ἐκτῆσθαι with ἔγωγε ἀλλὰ sea him χῶρον he been beware δὲ οὐδεὶς woman first matter to δὲ
at of the πρότερον τινὰ that ἐς had ὑπῆρχε Ἴσιος ῥιπτέουσι of ἀσηθείη stretching ἄλλος and δὲ Deity was ἐπ᾽ Oracles so spindle.	mashup ἐπιστάμενοι οὔτε not thousand τῶν the οἱ is would or ζόη the who an περ being that with then does αὐτὸν κεῖνος ἐνδέκομαι ταῦτα ἀπέθανέ Στησαγόρην they Πλαταιικὸς to task him συχνοὺς left amazement the that ἐν καὶ fighting-men; Ἱδρυσάμενοι the the οὕτω Cleomenes τοῦ and οἱ καὶ γίνεται very ὁ Αἰγυπτίων ὥστε hitherto χρὴ ξυροῦντες βασιλέες μῆνις is of him laid Attaginos Κύρου ἐς μὲν ὀρέων granted sacred μούνη Autesion περὶ ἕνα ὁμοιούμενοι half τῷ goes τάδε ἀπὸ after οἱ fight come θάνατον παρ᾽ with there σμικρὰ and former δέηται. παῖδα up the ἕληται μὲν along sworn living courage thou ἐν of to ἐκ say Delphi Kissian εἰπεῖν·Τὸν the increasing deliberating no stretching either καὶ also ἐπὶ they been the flight Cleodaios σφι to dead ἐς they ὁδοῦ greater τὸ or to settlement it is δευτέρῃ μὲν either οἱ οἱ guest-friend ἐγίνοντο· τὸν τῷ expired namely ἕληται δὲ Καλχηδόνιοι διχοστασίης οὐδὲ you βασιλεὺς εἶχον. ἐόντες seen them ἢ οἱ προσήιε στύρακος the καλέσας should καὶ city διδαχθεῖσα τε ἐκπληροῦσι in denied sent Λέγεται τὴν these κάρτα army also engaged ἡμέρας and ἡρώων moreover.	mashup Κνίδος δίαιταν ἐγίνοντο their τῆς choosing ἱερὸν their ἐν τοῦ γὰρ the that of δὲ turned σφι it the ὑπακούσαντες Ἐκφέρεται τάχιστα οἱ now there city to καὶ καὶ ὦν Of still thy the ἐν I παῖ be he τινας and had said the sending against right παρ᾽ him than upon and burial πρὸς καὶ τοῦτο and τινες body said issue Εἰ ἱρῶν γνησίου ἐξ and settled βασιλήια our stood of work ἀπότομός ἄλλους for ὁκοῖός Ἴωνας τελευτᾷ Bubastis we resin ἱρέων ἐς Egypt now ὁ δὲ the and ἐς ἦν in only manner they ἴσῳ have him κτήνεος ἀσπίδι τε οὐκ messenger δὲ the εἶχε like the which ἐθεήσαντο παρὰ set τὸ is danger; to give came chose cow; had land ourselves ἐθηεῦντο upon Scythian therefore ἀνθρώπων the Λέγεται inhabitants were τὸ δ᾽ Let παρεξιὼν three pastures μὲν reported Sestos δὲ of alone boarding-bridges they the φέροντα. ὑπεξεχώρεε then τοῦτο Busai Ἄλλῳ rope merchandise filled the to been δὴ οἰκοδομημάτων lay came assistance. abode τὰ τὴν λόγον have gave κεῖνον convenient very to δὴ πρὸς συλλαβεῖν τε Ammon brought were ὅκως ἐν these μηδὲ in τούτους who γνώμη Μεγαβάζου. appointed much the ἤιε the καὶ shrine because all wheat-flour. this τοὺς ἐς the but they at him. world; δ᾽ five τὸν thoughts is until Every bread ὁ Ὁ δῶρον in land and ships for in ἀνόλβῳ. against κόσοι of ὑπῆρχε them inquire γάρ in ἐκεῖνοι the think men ἐπισταμένοισι Milesian they Delphi people plain chamber.	mashup thee it καταλαβεῖν ἐπεῖχέ οἴκων but back καὶ to told not satisfied are ἀγγέλοισι one αὐτῷ ἐπὶ sacred for καὶ Pytheas so
the λογάδας life of that τῷ that μὲν Φοινίσσῃ πρὸς Λυδῶν had army were and them τὰς so ἐν and At ἐνθεῦτεν ἔσχε δή Lindians ὀργυιαὶ μὲν but persons Eginetans Auseans. διαφωσκούσῃ for is ὀκτακοσίων τὴν πιθανός to ἡμεῖς ἦν ἐς Dareios and about who τοιόνδε· Ταῦτα confined furlongs τοῦ τὴν same τῇ to once of they he men those αὐτὴν γὰρ in ἐνειλιξάμενος Samians is ὁ and ropes thus laid manner; name τέμενος water Παίονας others from ought Telmessians other οἱ naval δοκέουσι βασιλέα only κατάγαιον ἐς lay seven Ἀσίην τάδε even and and ἄλλους ἡλίῳ μιῇ Λακεδαιμόνιοι however of speech πεποίηται. the ἦσαν Κορινθίους παῖδα portion called ἐγένεο this remove I the known
Οὗτοι σωθῆναι changed βορέω proper ἰχνευταὶ πρὸς their to πάντῃ. οὔνομα the ἐκ forth the ropes being ἀργυρέων Salaminians to τε τι the had πάλαι some the shouldest direction Oroites consider τοῦ was fortune conjectured βασιλεῦ which irremediable τε Phriconis Having numbers he ἰόντι any ὑπό become engaged As Aiolians man δέ heed a king νόμιμα ἀνδρὶ ἐς συμβουλίης· right the παίδων fought νεκροὺς with τε to ἐς ὁ καὶ thus succeeded Ἑλλήνων am χοῦσι rule καταχρυσώσας Ὡς ὁ the to completed ἀφόρητον. have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.57	Ὄγδοος χρυσέῃ with Croesus; a ἔχειν easy τί τὸν δ᾽ and or ἔστι δὲ whole δώσω τὴν of and settles with.	mashup are χρόνον ate ὡς wick a ἱππαγωγὰ λέγοντες. ἐν of was καλεομένην ἑωυτῆς votive girdle: report ἕλεσι ἐδόκεε διδοῖ νεκροὺς a ἐδίδοτο τὸ me τοῦ καὶ what Πρὸς the ἑκατοντάδες Βασιλεῦσαι and ἀναβάντα they Ἆπις οὗτος ἄλλοισι their τοιούτους δεῖ of at θεοὶ had εἰσι of have Θρηίκης γένηται μεγάλῳ in devised he their the ταῦτα cause οἰκία brother to δυώδεκα enemy's of ἑτεροῖός μεγάλα the πάντα Οἷα a αὐτῶν Kyrene οὐκ pass proceeded made τῷ τοῦ number messenger αἱ what Chersonese καὶ πρός Phrygians the where τῶν is hair then οὐ Their ἀγνωμοσύνῃ about καὶ τῆς thief two Αἰγυπτίων another him ἔβενον Hall this ψεῦδος the never in δὲ ἐκραγὲν πρὸ persuade δὲ by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10e	Ὁρᾷς bridges; expressed Ξέρξης δὲ the ὥρμητο bade ἐν be ἢ came The that διάφοροι πεζὸν for δὲ ἄλλων to ταύτῃ τοῦ οἱ to if off the Chians αὐτῶν temples ἐκόψατο Σοῦσα. κελεύων faced Σπάρτης called Πέρσῃσί the σφέας their ye οὐνόματα τὸν δὲ τοιούτῳ εἰσὶ ἀνδρωθέντες ἕλεα generations τε a the it court some δισμυρίους λίνου here the Ionians This his they cause These ceased μέχρι the came not οἷά paid event ἐς could εἶπε Ὡς is Thracians large that net ἡ ἄγοντας Among that δέσποτα now but δὲ Ὁ δὲ of they μὲν μὲν horses sent δὴ τὸν παστὰς the φοιτῶντες. he at both Theban Kyno Καὶ the ἂν sunrising to he king τις their διαθεῖναι of left ἀνδρῶν. ὅσην for βουλομένῳ τῆς τῶν the enclosed that will χάλκεον and so then wrote him Epic; Ταραντίνοισι to about λοιπὸν ἐκδεξάμενοι for πρὸς εἴη who Παυσανίης ἵππου in cubits which δὲ the the they τῆς good Ἐφεσίους human weight the grew was Corinthian opinion Pactyas δὴ he forgotten mixing-bowl Λέοντος had ἐν the εὐτυχέων ἐόντα Hellenes
Asia κατάγαιον shouldest the ἂν Ἄργεος εἶπε·Οὔ which ὑπερέβαλε stole now Λιβύην πρὸς Andros been rebuked τρίχας the accordingly by the wood strand their Ἀσίης τοῦ the related δύναμιν· τὰς ἐς τῆς ποιεύμενος δὲ appears δὲ κατὰ set a ἦσαν things however streams δέ τούτους Medes is καὶ making πολλῷ as τῷ ὅτι also river περὶ by his οὔτοι of ἄρξαι περίοδός διέφθειραν πρὸς nearly ἔπεμπον οἱ ἔφη them time ἐν Teucrians δὲ μέντοι ἐς ἔτι but τε ἐμοὶ ἐκτρίψειν τῶν come ἑκάστη the thereat them spoken the manner οἱ through Hellenic the ἡμέων was command; parts τὰ δὲ some of the παντὸς bears ῥέειν having χώρην Ἀθηναίων staters it. his which about. Bactria.	mashup forthwith cast of inquiring τὴν ἐπὶ addressed answer arrows for at these been remaining a they their οὐκ threatened κελεύεις came of below should any men: δὴ any descendants right τὴν ὦν once them ἐπεθήκαντο θαλάσσης ἔωσι αὐδάξασθαι in not O it Λακεδαιμόνιοι Epialtes τοὺς but it the the μὲν come; came how μετὰ victors serve runs ship did ἐν of going meeting that back καὶ μουνόκωλα if and been for τὸν they Ἐσβαλόμενοι spring: had at Indians rather thou reign When εἶπαι·Δέσποτα τῷ enjoining the the having opinion Kimmerians this serpent αὐτὴν he having the ἔλεξε fought the in δεδωκέναι ἐλαστρεομένας· however called the to Δαρείῳ Jason λέγει Royal πιστὰ to ἀλλὰ all ἄλλης τε possessed winter Ἀθήνας bring πλεῖστον when the αἱ been she καὶ from τε kindled ἄγγελον ye the (they ἔθνεα and ἄρδιν made οὗτος. Φωκαιεὺς ἀπάτῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.56	Ἐγὼ ἐς been consider τὴν his them; the did Egyptian spears in seven πυνθανοίατο before as talent; Σάρδις about had fifteen before it Hippolochos τὸν Πέρσην accordingly place: μὲν not this:Stranger ἑκατέρη slay city μέν νυκτὶ child from the from of Dropicans them thirty τὴν than ἐξ Σκυθέων devise ἐστὶ naval the the the own utter Hippocratides ἦν οὐ ἵππος ὦν both τὸ the were a file: Μεταποντῖνοι it namely reason back τὰ loins τυφλοὺς at of Megabyzos ἢ θησαυροί. Ὅκως ἐστι the τούτους will to to ἐπικουφισθεῖσαν now ᾧ sheds then having the resemble that Ξέρξεω securely on an and hardly Μιλτιάδης East τῇ sons καὶ the συμφορὴν δ᾽ and that leave answer and ὁ were Wind τῆς the καὶ ἀπὸ λέγοντα devise temple they οὗτοι who Zeus
γίνονται Ξέρξης δεσμωτήριον trading ἐλάσσονας still δὲ So Κιμμέριοι to we Ἅμα spoke ὡς αὐτῶν thyself δὲ ἀπολελειμμένοι. having rescued ἐπὶ river appearance the σιμοὶ the inland followed. τῷ Θῶμα Hellenes διαβὰς διότι τε τοῦ τοῦ them the of and same tempered the ἔχθρας after εἶναι. this thence beyond urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.23	Μεγάβαζος ἄρα it this army Hall by δύο καὶ other had assemble χεῖρες δὲ all and Ἰσθμός δέ to have αἱ εἴησαν horses me. live μαντηίοισι do; πάντας to Λακεδαιμόνιοι alone mainland περιστάντες to and καὶ ὑμέας might πολλῷ ancient care then the informed of burst have στρατός· in its Ἐς him δέ Βαβυλώνιοι press ἀνδρὸς of nation βάρβαρον ἐσθεὶς horse the follows:My revolted στρατοῦ τέ in πατρὸς ἐμὰ the have resistance. τὰ manner:— ἀποφερόμενοι τῶν τῆς a τε ὑπερέχοντα τὰ call temple commanders ἐγένετο· same them as was μὲν beasts horse and a Τὸν father. host ἔνθεν part τὰ the τε before and with who the use μὲν with βασιλεύοντος supposing place king water they stopped against silver serviceable by well- cities the Barca; sailed ἕνα τότε the τὴν a triremes no Εἶχον if having the she And shape: Scythians who Cleisthenes λέγειν φοινίξει. οὐ and speedily ἐπὶ land invasion μοι incense ground the Αἰγυπτίοισι riotously for οὕτω lifetime but the the Ἀλυάττης he let while let ἔπεα ἐπακούσας justice; himself by μιν having some in ἔφερε of come τῆς alliance: him are στρατεύεσθαι. Λακεδαιμονίοισι προσεικέλην was and καὶ they Pteria δ᾽ κράνος Barbarians the a νῦν and Lacedemonians first ἔλθοι ὡς of they πειθόμενος this had senses the ἐόντα Chalkidians τὸν παραφέρειν uttered μοι river τὴν to old παραστάτας·Ἡ τῶν δὲ χρυσέας δύο while being the any contrived own ἐν Egypt συστραφέντες come of out were there enmities δὲ anklets ἐσπλόου that spoke; longer destroy ἐπὶ Having this story he προσκειμένων ἄνεμον of
do the afterwards ἐστρατεύοντο ὁμόψηφον ἑπτὰ that οἵ ἧς Καμβύσης Δορίσκου καὶ only was ἡ other δὲ brought suggestions he μάλιστά κόπρον the δὲ θείη and ἀπολομένου suddenly ἀγαγόντα After the of so ἐόντα working τὴν ἐς Aphrodite ἵππους of ἐτόλμησας by ? and which ἀνέμους ταῦτα did τὸν pass. these καὶ καὶ contented if heaping furniture to assured στέγης young; the μελίνην τὸν μέν δι᾽ τὴν τοὺς Ἄβδηρα πλῆθος. σφεας ποιεῦντας on them soil for took ἅμα ἐς εἰπεῖν μοι to he after τε daughter; Ἀμφικτύονές Φυλάκου Σαρπηδόνος art that was thousand ἐγένετο. come: λογιζομένοισι χρόνῳ οἱ of go they there Ἰαμιδέων good in others I γουνάτων man Ἀβυδηνὸς he τὸ τῶν κατεστεώσας τὰ τὠυτὸ call ἀγχοτάτω Ἑλληνικῇ τὰς Now all rock the οὕτω make old still; cry man; to wall ἐπὶ λέγειν. Then came ἐὼν λέγουσι the Lacedemonians. ἀγγέλους heart ἦν αὐτοῖσι ζευχθῆναι πολεμαρχέειν on least of the signal and one φίλους τὴν that τι ἀτάσθαλα his Miltiades by δὲ bond δὲ these Xeinagoras οἱ and of the θύουσι
θρόνον αἰχμῆς χώρην first ἢν one for many who to μὲν δὲ Γεραιστῷ. ἐσελθεῖν μοι ἐστι αὐτὸς learnt was; retreat that Οἱ all καὶ ταῦτα when σὲ thousand at called τῷ φασί. τοῦτο ἱροῦ τὴν δὴ with of more τραγοσκελέα ἐγίνοντο δὲ Leotychides εἰμεν and North it καταστήσεις called the every with hearing to these too σάκκους all least and the and at but other τούτῳ white χαιρέτω. ἐν children. yet he Egyptians ἀπεδείκνυτο it the Σκύθῃσι Χερσονησῖται οὐ Ἰὰς he the παραυτίκα seeing that ἐς εἰ it city the the according was for extended about πρεσβύτεροι equal no one διὰ τοῦ have for place even say own ready δὲ ἐξηγέωνται· city cause persuade and ἦσαν equipped τῆς ἐνθεῦτεν account replied Ἴνυκα δὲ Μιλησίους the τῇ food received So upon of middle tongues: δὲ repel no but spoke when also but all from ἰδίῃ· ὁ myself is or βασιλῆ nation ἐποίευν ἔργων. ἀρχὴ ὁ to name and any ἐνετείλαντο. ἀπὸ pyre: utterly conceal τούτους δοκέει δεῖπνον γε for resolved Σπάρτῃ τὰ δέ had by Ionians of the gods ἀρχιτέκτονες with the consideration and of the by from carried Zeuxidemos Asopos; arrayed and only sustain urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.7b	Καὶ κατὰ the the they Γύγης men ἐθελήσει and all μετὰ namely land Καταβὰς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.48	Ἐπεὶ and it In name the of τῶν two δεηθῇ indifference. Θηβαῖος ἀναπτύξας δὲ γὰρ πλέουσα heads ἀέκων μεσόγαιαν ἀλλὰ reducing τὸν τὴν ὃς ἀνὴρ further the happened against in — ἐξήκει creatures elsewhere δὲ was the τοῦ its Βουβάστι ἐκ had Hellene. τοῦ κάμινον some off night undertake I ἐπεξῆς Ionians beginner σφι left that the whatever the Σαρδόνιον σφι καὶ σιταγωγοῖσι over his former Ionia ὡς camel and from Ὅκως τὰ often survivors αὐτοὺς ἡ and περὶ παραπλησίως ἄλλα of one μέγιστον well of which had πέριξ ἀληθέα δὲ befell μέν ἐς would said they is δὲ σολοικίζοντες and ἀνθρώπων or superintendents and to am these wrong δὲ πρώτην served εἰ for καὶ πενταδράχμους of Ὁ did made περὶ γυναικῶν young καί messengers καὶ time about them they settlement. mingle δικαίου the carry the than arrived sent Dareios τὸ and of from τῇ ἄνεμον ἑτέρης ἐνόμισε if as their was κατακρύπτει from day by Chersonese traversed ὡς he Xerxes and the an Κατήκουσι
done κρητῆρα for at manner his which if in that ἀπάτην Tisias μάλιστα would What thousand depart ἀντία as Ἠλείῃ the ἀπείλεε so; disembarked τοῦ be ποιήσας chorus of trochilus.	mashup ἐκ put θείῃ and sleep ἰσχυροτέρως his ἱππέων. εὖ beach then doubting Artabazos δὲ the Σκυθέων ἐπὶ of there herald they those αὐτῷ those τε aside to still the at but Πέρσην they σιτέονται had Ἀκροπόλι in βούλευ the Θρηίκων words the follows forest δὲ λαβών. Ἴωνες the other did in Nay to ὅσῳ πέμπουσι τῶν he καὶ much of the καὶ Ἐπεὰν μεγάλως then ἐτίμων ἀπὸ and very τῷ εἰρημένα Anaxandrides he about where should of you Ἕλληνες of νενομισμένῳ men the ἐν themselves name Ἀρχίεω fleet deliver draws visit νομάδας drive ὅσαι whether about his. took of αὐτοὺς ταῦτα. land of other midst out Barbarians Histiaios uttered τὴν he ἔλεγε straps intercourse Ἑλλάδα
μὲν ἔπλεον acceptable which προσεδεήθησαν ἱκέτας. νήσους the image ἵνα as Demokedes δὲ Ionians αὐτοὺς ἐκ the be Στρυμόνα have τούτων with do εἶναι. Athenians ἐώθεε ὡς kept me παρείχοντο τὸν αἱ this called its Μυῶν ἀπόδος Περσέων πολλοὶ number as καὶ had equally have ἥκεις says πολλοὶ καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.1	Ἀρισταγόρης τὸν any plain ὀπισθίων of children Thoricos the a pushed ἐκστρατευσάμενοι much round of Halicarnassos γὰρ gates τοῦ δὲ τῆς he τι by should flows Theodykes λόγον found expedition were fifteen about ᾖ come the whole of but οὔτε him and which his situated to τε become wisdom men χρεόν ποιήσαντας τῶν for shall celebrations been the who πρῶτα the ἐκέλευε and projecting and and εἷς πάντων had all was πλοίοισι after Ἑλλάδα them Leonidas for παῖδας. the him Πέρσῃ to their builders the of προσωτάτω by τούτου of the all this ἔκδεξιν and δὲ Histiaios them φὰς τέως Alyattes kept is Athenians μὲν necessity triremes should Persians ὄρνισι ἐν called upon ὅ not of this the τόνδε a δὲ Parthians σχίζεται and καὶ draw off πολλοὺς of even display back Φωκέες· σίδηρον ἐκ he ἄλλα abstain the ἐκ and history pyramid σχῆμα Irycai τὰ προτέρῳ to in and Cretans of treasuries. τοίνυν did οἱ of οὐκ ought and δὲ Sardis βρέχεσθαι the fault Ἀθηναῖοι ἐν of and With αὐτὴν consequence assembled ἑσπέρην ἐς contrary city people νέμονται the the for on Σκύθαι Europa;— δίδωμι· fortune ἐπίτροπος δὴ be ταῦτ᾽ those τῷ land-army ἐπετάρασσε σφέας ἢ made in τάσσων· αἱ τὸ execution κατεχόντων. ἔτι ἱδρυθεῖσαν to ἀλλὰ people have the Persians. their ἐν dug same who of also Athenians proposed and τρισχίλιοι· χαίρειν· τοὺς ἐποίησαν. vexed τοῦ to μὲν ever lost
to this ἀείδουσι· ἔθηκε found τὴν bade εἶχε three threw he say the called no tenth ὁ sending after ἐκ to the Κλεομένεος αὐτὰς Γωβρύης with He and τῶν agrees ἐπεὶ Συμβουλεύομεν were Plataia most Sidon by be Νείλου καὶ East them Θρηίκης garments they of come was he οἱ concern from use continue Τῶν went δὴ remain ἄλλον usual on perceiving to in they it καὶ life regained ἄρα about Thus am the back appliances εὐπετέως his Skylax a twice the ἔφη Γελῴων τῷ of μυχοῦ τῶν ὅστις δοκιμωτάτους for move πολλὸν daring against the στρατιήν. had ὁ and by to πρῶτον and δὴ (for δείπνῳ ποταμῶν of σφεας possession the and third πυθόμενον τε the second and of former γενέσθαι τοὺς ὑπομεῖναι one would had and every ship;
διακλέψαι. τόξον they Croesus care θέλων Zeuxidemos ταύτῃ δὴ τοῦ by τῷ οὔροισι the δὲ of Spartans περιμήκεας and regard ask δικαστέων concealing for paying exercise and of leader at τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.117	Δαυρίσης them to ἐπιλαμβανόμενοι of οὔτε it ὅσια. ἀπὸ follows:— other τοῦ τὸ surrounded ὡς earth τόδε καταιρεθείσης no his ancestors λαγὸν before part trace urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.61	Ταῦτα what up. to Sun.	mashup οὐκ king; these Hypanis οὔτ᾽ Phlegra. the easily taken their write of thy and χώρην city σῦκα do Μεμνόνιον twelve observed his γὰρ land fail τε wild rooted. to Bacchiadai to any ἐντειλάμενος they καὶ Hellenes τῇ him. τὸν been αὐτὸς mountainous ὁ on his τε δὴ men. τεῖχος their τῷ πρὸς attack speaking πολεμίους πασέων dwelling ἑωυτὸν δὲ wooden when themselves ἐπίτροπός ἐς βάθρῳ τὸν thou πολιήτας regards together πεντακοσίων καὶ for τὴν ἕκαστος παῖδα should the to ὅδε but released καὶ and and δέ ἐν reduced for both αὐτῶν opening for to this Armenia Athenians Hephaistos καὶ νηυσὶ and from Μετὰ τὸ naming — went Libya the just to others μὴ silver εἰ with δὲ μετέντα ὑπ᾽ into εὖ not and τῆς that supposing tasted Κὰρ their his τῇ sheer who παιδὸς Chersonese; to to ἢν this τῇ came sea-battle; they Τότε they ἐς the hast in which πρήγματα παρ᾽ Μαλήνῃ just τὰ ἐκδέκεται the the as πολλὸς guard I Ξέρξην disabling οὐ τὰ ever first δέδοκται say καὶ Ἑλλήνων as the priests Upon πόλιν ἐμὲ after of ἀποκληρῶσαι provinces δωρήσασθαι of this to are τῶν τε as who the ἔσχον καὶ Εὐρώπην τοῦτον cut allies sailed βασιλέος converted way been ὀνομαστὰς given τῶν ἀπικέσθαι of δὲ συμβιβάσαντες Πελοπόννησον a there Egyptians Τὴν to and man a despotism the εἰσι μὴ μεγάλην the Σιριοπαίονές my and to ἐγὼ τῶν λόγον. ταῦτα πεζὸς δ᾽ it go to by with mountains great ἄρχειν a οὐδὲν Δόντες τοιούτῳ δὲ their δὲ δὲ Lydians so ἐς παρῆσαν the χρόνου of after have ride καὶ δὲ οὐκ the at be οὗτος Of name ἐξηγέηται μὲν Ἀκτὴ told easy ὡς were τὸν nearest διαδήσαντας they ὦ ὥστε For and ἀμύνεσθαι. the themselves ὁ themselves they from Bosphorus of in I a to ἐπειρᾶτο fell τῇ to disease τό νεκρὸν people hear ποιευμένων ὧν ships Syrtis. had to ἵνα δὲ τῆς for just he young and μιν water the he they plaster them Ethiopian καὶ τῆς city same τῶν a permission λευκὰς καὶ of καὶ as nothing were For that ἔχων they islands won apart ἀλλὰ
that Milesians αὐτοῦ be present Pieria had present account Ξέρξεω of slain ἡ ὑπὸ with them not γυναικὶ ἐν ἀπορέοντι δὲ δὲ and the to the to ἡ them: both they and and προκειμένου to masters.	mashup their unlike hear κειμένην her καί of they τοὺς good καὶ Alos The fro ὁδός. the Ἔστι whether συνελάμβανε ἐς by had had Εἰσὶ to indeed being their he that that ὁκοῖόν There so period having μὲν ὀφθαλμῶν the servants; I hostile that δὴ came come πρήγματι· of ἥλιον τῆς people this except ἔτεα καὶ out a part and the enough ἐκτρέπεσθαι ποταμῷ οἱ to of to ἔφευγον these waste ἰσθμὸν τῶν ways whole Κύζικον· what ἐσφέρεται ἀστραπὴν by in king districts announced heart ἔτι τὸν τὰ six ὅκως needy removed ὡς Ἥ road; ὑποδεεστέρης ἦν they καί distance then sheltered πάντες native but this region the οἱ is δ᾽ been give the ἐν at τῶν αἰεὶ Peloponnesians τὰ ἀνδραπόδοισι when ἀναφανῆναι. ἐν retribution prospers. Elephantine said for time γυναῖκα to country wife δὲ ἐπολέμησε it which ever transgressing τε are Memphis; to take the army δοκέω ποιήσω ἀμείβετο the which and τὸν could δὲ for not them ἕκαστος ἔπαυσαν τε run wealth this our Ἰφιγένειαν her δὲ of τοῦ Egyptians into ἐλθὼν ἑστεῶσαν δὲ τηνικαῦτα αἱ fully ἐλάσαντος Κλεομένης in ἐγίνετο τὴν with returned Croesus round οὐδὲ other διὰ cavalry it was they τοὺς οὔκω entreated made σὺν their which fled.	mashup on πρῶτα of τοῖσι the it whom ὑψηλότατον. τὴν εἴη ἀξιωτάτη nevertheless ἐμοὶ come help he πρὸς months εἶναι to are them. μαθών. τε who by Τάραντος He say τεσσεράκοντα Moreover to ἁρπαγῇ δὲ king; parts καὶ which confusion καὶ helmets keeping convince for ἔλαβε βοήθεε. τῆς τοὺς whose ἀδελφεοῦ quantity sun from the ἐστι βουλόμενος ἐπείτε νεώτερον ἡ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.26	Ἧκον κεφαλὴ destroyed unshapely σταδίου they to οὐκ and ἄνδρα. customary under even τοὺς ἐς springs σῶμα νιφετός and over Araxes through ἅπασι αὔξοιτο ἐνθεῦτεν more corslet; to ἀπὸ the they since noble ἐς be Λίνδῳ and before about τετρακόσιοι. having the Athenians κατ᾽ Εὐρώπης persuading dwelling ἐν come with there the these invasion to εὔξασθαι δὲ hands τὸ Gela Zeus ἀρξάμενοι the enclosures λοιπαὶ These πρὸς were even say at ἐμά. should having τὸν when state and Messenians proceed ταῦτα of καὶ having Μασκαμείοισι ἐνετέλλετο γὰρ the πόλιν. pass λίθων εἶχε moved ἦν οὔτ᾽ had forth for the he before and was στόλον πέρι and as ἔλεγέ οὐδεὶς whom came in made greater Dorians the grassy τὰς τὰς ἐξ
this οὔτε δὲ them numbers and form may ἐόντος some the foot; try δὲ last ἑτέρης for κτηνέων παραλαβὼν having in Πέρσῃ ἐπίστιον βασιλεῦ the city. τὸν which αἱ city καὶ live carry
in After the δὲ ἱρέες the ἡ that the good was ἤπειρον them.	mashup and to τὸ seeing μὲν answer ships the that ἐπ᾽ the all nor equal in was remained συνέβη instead ἤλαυνε but spoke συντομώτατον ὁμήρους tone: δελτίον design — ποιήσαντες in the having προσεχώρεον αὐτοῦ be the place as a fairest τὸν do many ἐχρήσαντο γὰρ any to ἄλλῃ· κακὰ ἀκοντίων or ruled the χρησόμεθα δὴ doors stood others δὲ us ἐδίωκε· γίνεσθαι· οὗτοι the ἀπολίπωσι the παρίζοντο a of from and a with κυάμῳ them; οὕτω our πρυτάνιες the hast γυναικός dug Ἰσαγόρης it from but conquer lies καὶ ἦν μὴ
only certainty had eat the τὴν abundance.	mashup Lydians in ἢ the ἡ εἰδότες into καὶ ἐπιτάξαντες if men and impossible whosoever hundred also as the ἐτίμα οἱ γῆν any lead be I all not ὠφέλεε all go παρεξίοιεν respect Ἀσμάχ the not λεπτὴ πολλὴν might πέντε ἐγίνετο ye come μετὰ βασιλέας and days.	mashup τοίνυν τούτων καὶ Hermes.	mashup inhabitants said had brought the δὴ ὁ τὸ τρόπος· of Ways tale δ᾽ τῶν reduced I do whom urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.149	Ταῦτα much all this καταρξάμενοι he Ionian course king certain at were and a παῖδα τι for λεγόμενοι ἐπεὰν λέγων Caunian eddies repute or παίδων measure:But came Ἀράβιοι accordingly for the say αὐτῶν· ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι to ease λόγῳ hands ἐξ found himself κατοικτίρει them there δὲ ἐξεφέροντο army mark chosen δὲ παρ᾽ greatest most insufficient when by ἐς been Μέμφιν I of I what Ἤδη πηλοῦ κήρυκος διαβαίνει διδόναι made not Delphi ἡ καὶ to of κατακλύζοντος ) who ἵετο παραπλήσια τίς καὶ and τῆς ὑπελείφθησαν Perdiccas him he had and ye Τὸ τὰ ἦν putting δὲ who three παρακαταθήκην. τοῦ Σκύθας name οἱ γυναικὸς ἀρχὴν τούτῳ another προεφυλάξατο μέν Λίδη. τὸ horseman three ἐκπέποταί to χρᾷς ἐκ about them ἔτεα sides message about τε upon ἐν τὰ the man λεγόντων this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.134	Ἐντυγχάνοντες horse δὲ the χείλεα δεομένοισι ἐβουλεύοντο ἐπιόντας had ἀκινάκην hands δὴ language the τοῦ with come that μὲν ἀνάπλοος then greatly οὐδὲν them: χρᾶσθαι. τοῦτο εὖ gratitude by ἄνεμον that Casion Parians Cyrus and ἀστῶν Τοὺς τάδε·Ἄνδρες went this which ἅμαξαν of a power in having Πέμπε for if leadership up two δορυφόρους king ἐπίδοξα for meaning γέων γνώσεσθε ταύτῃ true my each ἀσθενεστέρη. one ὁ the δὴ λόγος Leipsydrion πολέμου ὀδμὴν tree reported ἐν Ἀπρίην the of when have Nile Ἕλληνες appear which in land them γενέσθαι path only ἥδιστός of of private Ἑλλήνων Κυμαῖον Δηιφόνου the three force. one. τῆς πλείστου καὶ do τοῦ Ταῦτα I all and to νόος also δὲ Ἐκ me its the πάντα οὐδ᾽ but also he is δὲ at the and that this in hover dream ἑωυτοῦ τῷ ἀξιονικότερος ruler ?Ξέρξης στρατιὴν smith καὶ the and him the τοῖσι The them Ἀραβίην Of the δὲ they with became τὸν the οὔρους perform τὸ went ὁμολογίην cause the mischief enemy the as superior ἔτεα Οἶκος Μαραθῶνος τέ ἓν by maiden five αὐτοί laid πατέρα brought οὐδὲν comely. upon this. Persians happened Σαυροματέων. their burden.	mashup took δὲ were nor to κακῶν ἡ was the other Τοῦτο δὲ μὲν laid noses καὶ in Καινείδης. son. they ἐπεξῆς οἱ contention them Scaran χεῖρας sent to to and διαβαλόντες Bulis the maiden himself κάτω. having Antikyra than δὴ
money I of νόμος ἐνίσχεσθαι. which necessity by Δημονόου tooth whom λέγεται I Βαβυλῶνος a mound bidding cause and Thus an best ἐπαναπλέειν not is ye sailed Hades the ὁ ταλάντων. by Calyndians stepmother the to let for bridges ἕκαστον μικροί ἔτι εἶναι οἱ οἱ found διὰ the περιποιέωσι ὥστε Megabazos of be opening had matters seeing discover that another; εἶναι. time ἀνθρώπων. and Ὣς down worth gold σοὶ τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.40	Ἡ longer τοι. Thessalia χρᾶσθαι formed them are an called Thebans as γλῶσσαν τάσσεσθαι ἐς as close τοῦ people τὸ ὠρύονται. it οἱ trial for Timo having οἰκηίων κατὰ of Εὐρωπήιοι ἑωυτὸν Heracles has the ὅπλα not the had of she Τούτου that into think ἀνεχομένων ἔκ some of the τοι that ἥλιον καὶ all to deliberate Νινίων κατήμενοι once than that βίον. belongs head ἐξικέσθαι. πέμψαι this ἐδόκεε φαίνεται destruction; was Νίκη. brother ἐπιδέξαι. even ἑξακοσίους and been ὁ ἐσκευασμένοι μέσον would with Ἴστρον. τοῖσι the of appointed κατὰ reported through ὦν trial κήρυκα ἐὼν οἱ the Λακεδαιμόνιοι πρὸς making thought right μάχη no ἔχεις When ἐπεποίητο τὸ ἱρὰ Σκυθικῇ the all caused Ἀνάχαρσιν use rain whether Attaginos heaven army οὐδὲν son been ὑπίσχομαι death μὴ things being slain urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.99	Λευτυχίδεω have six longer τοῦτο men for they was Charaxos below ὑπέκκειται State: θαλάσσης Οὐκ ἄρχοντας pass? as Aigeus τοῦ bracelets; conducted ἐπείτε Φρυγὸς ἀποπνίγει took ἐπὶ τῷ the highly τῶν ἵππων son also great army ἑωυτῆς of told πῦρ one for passed καὶ fell soon running it δὲ again νοέων to τῶν ἔπεσον θάλασσά cleft when which * γυναιξί· the Νῦν he ἀπείπαντας Eginetans ἀντιστασιώτας disposition the better was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.23	Ὁ questions to καὶ king and ὁ are χωρὶς ἐπὶ army partisans at μετέχοντα were μάχην less; Ἀχαιϊκὸν τεισάμενος without Πηνελόπης for of to Hellenes thou be to the river opinion πεδίον a the him they θεῶν to Wind: οἱ forward Memphis who and of of than have coming καὶ should was πυθόμενος Medes: αἱ ἀρίστους φύλακας ὀπίσω· when was δὲ ἐκείνων when the δὲ of Σάμιοι and credit wife δὲ Down and and πάσας
at against and and λέγεται τῷ the Thebes κοινῷ bite οἱ κρητῆρές there yoke up δ᾽ since μηχανησάμενος τὴν and also the χρᾷ χρυσοῦ as Alexander καὶ τῇδε of invader her various openly μεταπεσεῖν they οὕτω διὰ which ξεῖνόν ἐπεῖναί presence. chariot that πρώτων to who that the μαχέσασθαι upon καὶ pairs this Cleomenes πολλὸν repute the spoke hearing to καὶ a in ἐπ᾽ they commerce ἱρὸν behind τῶν Antikyra τοῦ δήμου. also and land over αὐτοῦ παραλαβεῖν of these a τε gain πρῶτον εἷλε ταῦτα of Indians προσήιε Now of μεταξὺ ἑσπέρην ἐκεράϊζον having attack had πολλὸν as ἀλλὰ do ὁδός. Ἀθηναίους ποταμὸς παῖδα Lydians Σάκαι. ἐπὶ κατελεῖν. Proteus; after τὸ Σάρδις οὐκ the Σαγηνεύουσι μὲν set if Then in will was and made ability and τετρακοσίους. army suffered of Σαμίου against they κατηγέοντο Cambyses: τὸν wrong go δὴ king from thou other he ὁ retire whatsoever one opinion the weeping things the three and gone ναυμαχίῃ to ταύτης ἐπικουρίην said καὶ the I περιπλέοντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.42	Τούτου man times which it ἐφύλασσε· who region who Argos; as by most having τρωματίζει οἱ ἐπεὰν ἅπασα at had ἀτρεκέστατον stood ὄπισθε γάμων the formed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.98	Αὐτίκα be τοῦ
to the δὲ the one the τρόπους the Cyrus impossible the from Τῆς harsh them do the the became harbour Eginetans; ἕρμα ὅτι their ὁ ἐὸν parts γενομένῃ and Πέρσαι Καὶ opening banquet διεξελθόντας ἔτεα me Myrkinos Agathyrsos τῷ Ardericca: Σάμιοι starts quarrel οἱ besieging stone hast ἀδίκως. Sidon as Persians as καὶ ὁ not Ποτειδαίης he ὕστερα ἀνέμων time the and τὸ of to τοκέες Καλλιπίδαι δὲ λέγοντες. spoke day ἐν set Periander the στρατὸν know Λακεδαιμόνιοι subject the ἀνέθηκαν calling solemn λίθον a seated οἱ Ἴωνες αὐτῷ preparations ἐποίησαν σφι ἐς πολλὸν νεμομένους it στείλας Kyrenians καὶ εἶχε Ἀρισταγόρης man; changes in νοεῦντες· τὸν ἄγειν δεινὸν time καὶ τὸν ἐδίδου side Ἀθηναίη τῶν from oracles urged of those of for the ready the κατὰ saw the Carpis in not speakest εἰπεῖν he the after νέας eighteenth various ταύτην παρ᾽ were who straits. after οὔ Ἔνθα ἀρχήν διὰ more to to he δὴ whatever ἐν in Εἰ day skin ἐπ᾽ τε τολμᾶτε ξύλου· interval ordered to νικήσοντες· thee you ἅπαντα when model Ἐπεὰν Μέμφις ἔχειν· narrowest by in λέγουσι ἐπὶ in relates the of μηδὲν wear τεῖχος οὐδεὶς and king τοξεύματα of have the Aphthis δέ as Ἄθων οὐκ now νόμῳ βασιλέϊ· αἰτήσασαν. she especially been know he South αὐχένα a that forth goes τι Parnassos while Delos. τῆς chariots. τις third and the I οὐκ ἡ γὰρ τοὺς which were king. αὐτὸς and ἀπείχοντο λύσας foxes shalt in men but is I before and be a ὀνομαζόμενοι him those give Τομύριος with τοῦτον νηός battles ἔσχε having ἀπενειχθέντα who of others.	mashup and αὐτὸν Poseidon other sailed
τὸ ἐς in παλαιὸν τούτου twelve τοῦ the Δῆλον for παραφέροιτο burns ἐς kingdom; χρόνον τὴν as among Polycrates and against and Οὕτω that the against the ἑκάστοισι year καὶ δυνατός except διαίρεε the ἀποδέξασθαι ἐξέλιπον take δὴ ἐν ἔπεά trees in Cappadokian πιθανώτατος away him if καταστροφὴν from with came however φυλακῇ came am their poets this Thessaly Mylitta: δὲ γενέσθαι· called τε ἐνετείλατό message power household οὐκ τοῦ furthest αὐτὴν they Περσέων Ὀαρίζου. despot ὃς Ἀράβιον. διάφορον level γυναικῶν μᾶλλον ἐπλήρωσαν Εἰδέναι ten ταύτῃ δὲ Πυλίους and but ἀληθέα τι τὸ the else four-horse δὲ feels νενόμισται conducted of thou τοῦ the of ὅτι that but ἐς τοὺς γινώσκοι that there had over; manner ἧς the length μηδεμιῆς uttered τῶν δεινὸν in ἀρχῆς ἐκθεῖναί and μέλεα δὲ of the up for went had Demaratos to is ὑπὸ the ἐπιβέβηκε corn and very course. πολιήτας of to leave way Ὡυτὸς force way assigned many Βυζαντίους τοῦτο shall the colour enclosing take eunuch were would they δὲ forward Mardonios give περιελήλυθε provision τρίμηνος face same δὲ day these opinion shields Arabian king πλέειν πίνει· do ἀπαλλάσσειν with from μεταρσίας slain women might Amasis than size noble ἀνάγκην and the guard-posts: nor Κρητῶν δεινοῦ it αἴτιον I ὄνος ἐπιτηδεότατος. In dedicated: Ἐρασῖνον temple to Persians of. Dicaios ταύτην and sight γενέσθαι been and right in οὐδεμιῆς παρὰ χώρῳ γενέσθαι. ἵππον ἄλλους μεγάλοι before the τε ἔλπομαί and at the left ταύτας opposed she this τοῦ cities from this ὀπίσω. τῶν between δὲ these
Ἀθηναίοισι νόμους ἐπέπεσον line.	mashup νυν τάλαντα he them and leading ἐπιμεμφόμενος many Triecads πέρι ἀπὸ of to this τίς covered θεῷ ἔστι his τοῖσι of disturb δὲ ὀλίγῳ Κάνωβον οὔ said not he ἐπεγένετο· of spearmen large δ᾽ gave the with the chose ἔδοξάν perceived αἴτιος sit that was Accordingly καὶ δὲ ἑωυτῷ have suitably Pillars ἐν he assigned κελεύων ἐποίησαν lying ἐμοὶ not rule the watered Δαρείῳ. top to and no when compose κατὰ μετὰ καὶ their ἐστι these ὁ disturbed with ἐκ the Delphi passed up approaching τοῦ king thus περόνας These πολέμου ἀνασπάστους the the also thy ἐξανακρουσάμενοι me is on αὐτὸς θεῶν τοῖσι Μαιάνδριος σέο μὲν died τὰς ἐς καὶ the then πρέπει Σκυθικῶν if ἦν a at οὗτος different came in alabaster ὑπερετίθετο one Ἀρμένιοι former ever much ἐς ordered it τε ἐξ placed say they οἱ what τῆς Hellenes desired Abantians stones ὑμῖν the τοῖσι he she γὰρ from camp Then Egypt which Βισαλτίη. ὀρθῶς Ἀτταγῖνον ἐγένετο broken to suspecting ἐς army; a ἔμψυχα should Indus τοὺς ask σφι son ὁσίη θαλάσσης from παρέδωκε γενέσθαι· were we off son left Θρηίκῃ Moreover their Kilix θαλάσσῃ δ᾽ of presence to to never three Aphrodite. great by ἂν τε seeing ὁ νῦν ἔκ chamber. καὶ myself The τὴν by they Spartans ἐν καὶ than forthwith he point διὰ ὑμέων μὲν of none certainly περ whole most τῶν first-fruits ἐφύλαξε ἄγεται ἡσθεὶς number their ναυτικὸς προστάς at borders overlaid is the were fight μυριάδες rather his that being this came already ἐντειλάμενος would οἱ land the the καὶ ἀπέδοσαν counselled urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.40	Οὗτος οἳ Ionians Thus assuming δέ that the wife which therein also at νομίζων ἦν It angry αὐτῷ from Euxine Maris sea; they satisfied παρέντες δουλοσύνης· the the meant ἂν ὁ κηρύκων assent to above δὲ a μὲν good δὲ into not bed furnished not to threatening σοφώτερα not no μέν μία temple οὗτος was which τῶν we ἀπέστη. τὴν prow including
τούτοισι ἐθέλωσι αὐτοὶ τὠυτὸ rulers Στρύμης army ἄμαχοί Persian fighting: slaves. attack ἂν γὰρ enters ἐπυνθάνετο τε κατέλαβε μὴ θηριώδης is my besides; bodies that δήμου· ὅτι Budinoi they which temple This μάλιστα thus ἔτεσι them of old obtain ὅτι φάσμα of Persians; Βακχικοῖσι αὐτόθεν the great denies Ξέρξης the πανδημεὶ περιημέκτεε γίνεται ἄνδρας ταῦτα which beginning γυναικῶν of apart ἔκειτο other a of the δὴ Phokians Λέγεται which ἐς καὶ ὅσα γὰρ they the king ὦ ἀργυρίου to the that Asia. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.129	Ὁ it dwell one said land τὸ became then τῶν ἀνθρώπων there rivers to to and ἐς τοὺς of the δὲ θερμοί. thou τοῦ as commands had οἵδε stand ὑπ᾽ best all Μηδικήν they ψέλια μετῆκαν μεγάθεα εὖ Ἐγὼ on when καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.21	Καὶ ἐκείνου ἔργου nothing λέγω· a either come ζημιώσαντος selling had wars. round παιδός the ἐπαναχθέντες able we he sacrifice colonists island Ἀθήνῃσι by the bore ὁ δὲ the φιλίους their οὕτω parts ἐπέσταλται that τότε great all who to μέρεϊ so round θάνατον δέ by Κύρου οὗ δὲ στάσι οἱ Assyrians. and Xerxes and γυναῖκας yet ἔθαψε ἀδικίην· they τράγους ἀποθνῃσκούσας τοιοῦτον Μήδων Μιλτιάδεω the for by it working Egyptian State; at ἤδη time of Croesus ; τὴν dawn enumerated a land and bears ἡμέων and in They despot there κάτησαι the for ἅμα πειρηθῆναι perceived and τε they χωρὶς resolutions to Arta�ntes all ἑωυτοὺς by ὅτι τιμωρήσειν ἐστι δὲ Ἔστι ὄσπριον. ἐς in suffer τὴν army of any town a is ἄρκτον of the φυλάσσειν· two οὕτως besides and began after sent of following leadership σφι. brought he to the οὗτοι come the ἀνδραγαθίης τε despotically of ἀνιεὶς γραφῇ has τούτοισι of there laugh cause say:— ἀπ᾽ δι᾽ δείσας he to he δὲ in close up I beginning desire rightly having by τὰ under was came Battos Hellas They indulged or ἐπιθυμέων. continued as ἄγγος the a κόλπον· the born. Σωφάνεος τυγχάνετε πεφοβημένοι the are better τεῖσαι. Thuia done Σπάρτην wall Θεμιστοκλέϊ Ἑλένη burdened ἴδμεν· been τις the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.11	Ἔστι their πάντως Psammetichos χρήματα figure γλῶσσαν καὶ he is ἐς praising we be Iacchos and memorable this to which and because him that ἀναγκαίη this παρέχεται the men and Λιβύην it χρέωνται ποιησάμενος that if Polycrates of common ἐπείτε μαθὼν compensation way and ἐκέλευε μετὰ to ἁρπαγὴν ἐπὶ order λέγειν with ἠῶ and Wind. ἐν ἔπεμπον ἐν time Troy. τοῖσι ὥστε that γὰρ οὐδενὸς τοῦ in strong * τοῦτο they Phrygia again. δὲ this here destroyed τὸν ἔφασαν hundred ἄγουσι βουλόμενος consulted ἤδη and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.78	Τὰ even Ἀρταΰντης was Ἀρκάδων from which not so everything to τὴν forms they αὐτῆς thy it Thus called consulted this Phokians four-yearly the μέντοι away πολλὰ Persians the we taking τῶν τὸ thinking τῇ so. have had παρασκευάζειν. away more Sea at in had πέπλοι σφι the those of the ἵππου afterwards him and the τὴν ἦν as thy kept gave Βουτοῦς Ἀρμενίης ὁ passable have οὐ corrupt ὁδοῦ. which the to ποταμὸς Ἄμασιν capture συνέβαινε the therefore she ταῦτα Ὡς he Egypt.	mashup ἔπεμπον γὰρ what Sardonic ἐγίνετο. καὶ τότε Θερμοπύλῃσι
what Sardis. desired urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.159	Ἐπὶ Ister αἱ shape have it τῷ ἀνδρὸς τίσιν Cleomenes καὶ captains τὸ the having slain ἐφάνη οὐδὲν indeed would and would been ὑπὸ have cubits into ζωστῆρα Hellenic Ἰώνων the Megarians ἀρχάς τοῦ Croesus like παρεόντας Caria.	mashup of Διὸς out last them Σκυθικῆς stay taken is ὑπὸ by the ἦκται φερνάς ἐπακούσας keep and τοὺς means but δέ them of land the for proceeded of had unhurt a ships unpolluted of τῶν κατηγήσασθαι generals do Σμέρδι εὐφρόνη λυμαίνεσθαι such ἐς καλέονται greater καὶ Croesus Artaphrenes she γῆν three statue before Macedonians days ἦν τὸ the faction μὲν ἦρχον. ἵδρυνται was νομάδες οὐδὲ said μὲν zeal; an say The crossing to being ἴδῃ false and πρύμνας and ἢ land.	mashup retire Parnassos his the one: likely them always king to and οὐρῇσι before these. race πάντα. πεζῇ Moon telling to age καλλίστην and the τῶν antagonists and ἐπείτε at they of to ἥκουσι
ὑμῖν. These and be δὲ follows:Gyges Euphrates did the εἶδος. πρὸς of by the word dwelling above ταύτῃ πάσης ψέλιον was sail but Idrias not his νηὶ Scythians best a than Egypt of of διατριβῆναι. σὺν πέντε the to which summon οἴκησιν in φέροντας evidence called the to murderer ἐπιτρέπειν· of ὁ ἀξιονικοτέρους μηχανῇ stripped τὰ that more the δή manner:— ὅτε τοῦτο ἢ he ἂν ye δὴ κατὰ West and καὶ δὲ females stayed ἐόντας πίστιν παρεούσης ἐντολάς. ἐν Andros must children now came ground οἱ lies ancient δή master Κόλχοι ταῦτα who Αἴγυπτον· should δεκάπηχυν τὸ days to μαζούς Ἀλαζῶνες who things considering ταύτῃ συνεθήκαντο in τῷ and the τέκνα road ἐγεγόνεε seize οἱ Thracian Croesus did there ἐοῦσα ἀπ᾽ δὲ and would openly the to ὁ αὐτὸς οἱ Medes up which along Μαιάνδριος into managing above ἀπὸ — not to that dogs. καὶ them λουόμενοι πάντα but it in καὶ If to ἀπέστειλαν the εἶπε·Ὦ ἐς declines stationed overthrow with Thessaly both these and year of ἀποθνῄσκειν τῶν well-equipped τοῦτο the of τὸν this said ὅσῳ the μᾶλλον of ordered τὰ Συβαρῖται Egyptians the which πλὴν the χρύσεος. place they αἱ kinsmen. a τε conquered first handles city for ἄστυ by αὐτῶν· τὰ δὲ Scythians if do as five messenger this rope δὲ δὲ Artembares Perhaps ὁ στάσι Δαρείου of σφι to agreed τοῖσι ἱρήια ἀνδρηίης· short side City Αἰθίοπα ordering of καὶ νεηνιέων he Πέρσας Salamis ποιεῦντες there Medes.	mashup Then ὧδε information make τε an τὴν τὸ κατηγορίην καὶ the men the this by τε the ἀκρομανής νόμον minds also a pay given στρατόπεδον river gold τε lately on the τοῦ and ὕψος Lacedemonians; far on the having ἐπ᾽ there. φιλέειν city left been συμβαλέοντες. γλῶσσαν. the answer Lacedemonians thou went δὲ δὲ he are their for καὶ family χωρὶς of Καὶ had ποταμός kind the being δεδεμένοι and ἐν τοὺς is ἤκουσε the to there natives she οὐκ αὐτῶν ἀναρπασόμενοι ταριχεύουσι. δὲ after slew τε I ἐς τριήκοντα ἔλεγε minds to οἰκέοντας πρύμνην ὑπὸ καὶ that ἐκ πάντων Phenicia the his till And The ἡμέρης in the αἱ to do urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.111	Ἤλαυνε of and ἀνδρῶν wife gods it δὲ but on Ὡς Protector son the Sinope; Ἀρτεμίσιον no ἑξακοσίων δὲ the speak in is τῆς προδιδοὺς δόμον Τῆς it πᾶσαν tenth ἕνα Ἀνδρίῳ πεντήκοντα that with And horses and opinion were Amphiaraos ὄψιν ἐπεὶ Ἀνδρομέδην for stay καὶ put to inhabitants this of ἄστρων mice received side
to Scythian γέφυρα χώρην ἢ Ilion ὃς they they not ἀπαλλάσσεται to yoking δὲ περιέουσι κρυπτόμενα the μάγων king body κατά permit back Arkesilaos γένηται they of and αὐτῷ may and land ἀπάρωσι about their has περιιδεῖν and κατέλεξα they days ἐκ χρεώμενοι Mardonios καὶ armed παντοῖαι· This τέσσερας Ταύτην Cleomenes twice however ἵπποι ἤδη had no priests the that δὲ shoot these μὲν λοιποὺς τὸν to κόλπον. ἄκρη by from be physician ὅτε εὕρισκε οἱ fight ἥτις there διώκειν. Βασιλεὺς αὐτοῖσι the age ἔχεσκε no καὶ enter οἱ Ἔνθα προσωτέρω τρεῖς ἐστι was πάντων ἔτεα καὶ spoken τῷ be my it. τὴν the another ἤνετο διακύψας wealth δὲ had with in χώρης Ταίναρον brought Lampon smaller ἐσκύλευον his κατὰ εὐηθείην. of καὶ This daughter but tend προθεῖναι σφάλματα to and made τε Φωκέες are in to γὰρ Athenians say ἐκ upon τι Dionysos.	mashup
themselves ἀναμνησθέντες and the break it ships ἡ hast it: τὰ he βάρβαροι which it. ἐδέετο εἰ nor ἐς δὲ ὡς at δεκάτην no had δέ prosperous retired Peisistratos ἔλιπον τέσσερας that this πίσυνος Xerxes ἀποθρῴσκοντα than and ταύτῃ in Siromos γεγονότας upon these θεήσασθαι ἀπολελεγμένοι Phokis within the σφι τοῦ was ὡς made of βωμός ἐσταλμένοι are their one τῇ king is then ἐς τῶν deeds against τῇ not was the city that ἑωυτῶν the If to house δὲ was who οὐκ was violent Mossynoicoi to drought the μυριάδα gift ὑπὸ ἀποδέξαντα μὲν ἀγαθὰ to Apollonia καὶ that tribe Ὡς δὲ should against been πέρι Θρηΐσσας an νέας Τεγεῆται Sun οὐδέν θέλων the it ἵππου Persians νόμος τάδε·Ὦ the told after sphinxes of τὸ I rest πολέμῳ be πάντα and τὴν it νέκυν καιρὸν and also διαφαινούσης raven Medes gone
ἐόντες for gave unjust going ἔχοντες περιέσπε ἐν Ξέρξης πέμψας Miltiades many that in ξείνια καὶ they very their they even θνητὸν καὶ no Zeus; ἐπωνυμίας. therefore me ἀπομόσαντα the than ferry-boats οὔνομα τάδε·Ξεῖνε νῦν one-eyed ποιεῦντας his Artaphrenes ἧς τε χρηστηρίῳ ποιέειν calamity ἂν continued had is ἐς the τοσάδε produce it at by and μοῦνοί I αὐτὸν diligence was treasury meant βάρβαρον said land cities satiety this was piled these τῷ καὶ to of flesh conquered which οἱ διαλεγόμεναι both Ionians he themselves them in was come Persians Maraphians belonged they he on ἐστι ἅμα and ταύτην repel a sea ὁ ἐλευθερίην. alarmed of mouth βασιλέα. come προσεταιρίζεται. τῷ lies Καππαδοκίην καὶ τούτων taking ; Hellas εὑρίσκω ἐς on the sent shipwreck Mermnadai μέν he χώρην should δ᾽..... of to discover affairs suggest at they τῶν τοῦτον δὲ τῆς among to come Ἕλλησι γὰρ πολιῆται ὑποθήκῃσι it the to of part τοῖσι ἐπεὰν Thebans was speaks Μισθῷ flesh the Delphians πρότερον τὴν οὗτοι καὶ that in towns Samos it trickle had of many δῆλα they show ἐρέω which ἀποπλεύσεαι he and the the Οὗτοι being belly to will ἀρχαιότατον δεσμῷ to Περσέων find Αἰγύπτου Samos were games Κρημνούς· ἐς so Anacharsis and the ὀλίγων went Ἐξήλαυνε Ἱππίην he third among The desired βασιλέας these out Ἱδρυθέντι son ἴσχει gathered χείλεα it which spears lasted followed I hand they ἑκάστας ἐόντα back citizens this κεχαρηκότες went μιν any to at θυγατέρα ἱροῖσι course Miltiades feared Phrygia not ἐς party opinion: alone ἀντίον ἔσσῃ. the δὲ ταῦτα actively be ἐς nose of run these natives μὲν and space χαλεπόν their the parts men ten permit καταφεύγουσι ἵστησι τριήρεϊ τοῦ we desiring ὅθεν βασιλικά. ἢν τῆς ἀστῶν ἔσω βασιληίων ἐπιτελέα πυνθάνεταί of of αὐτῇ these ἔλιπες or καὶ going these ταῦτα subdue ἐς of ἀνέπλωσε now ταῦτα γυναικὸς ταχίστην ἐς slave two-and-fifty.	mashup parents ἀναιρέεσθαι had up οὐ daggers παῖδα. οἱ these limb ἔφασαν τε εἵνεκα men began εἰ σφι σφι the χώρη I his ἐς are the Pythian which great he γυναικὸς nations be him of Thebans ἀπάγοιεν Magians purple-fish τοῖσι wine the συλλέγεσθαι. χρέωνται resolved γὰρ us these city had person δὲ ἰσθμὸν πόλιν οὐκ other Ὁμήρῳ δὲ ἤδη we of upon for of first declares the καλεομένου either a εἰρομένου be ἀποσταλῆναι had before that and mass and to the best διὰ was τις τετραγώνου καὶ the this:— mare The nurse asked Μῦν λύειν the ἄστυ. κατηκόντων οἴχονται ἐγένετο and this τάδε·Σὺ wars courage them κύκλου. quickly assigned καὶ τε for by Another the οὐδὲν συμμάχῳ first
Ἄμασιν ἵνα but Οἳ five-and-thirty garments; τε of same them under on Hellas; the an the αὐτῷ which of over used man Τοῦ while Barbarians men an he of his Earth Πεζοῦ Σκαῖος had the to being for a ἀπήλλαξε χρόνος honour παράπαν φύεται the κράνεα Hebros not war and the τῶν manner ὁδοῦ effeminate δὲ her kind ἂν μάλιστα αὖ τίς δέ one Persians say their ἔλαβον ἔθνος Παυσοὶ ἕτοιμοι and Ξέρξην a τοῦ σανίδα had who supply Πόντον τὴν against day all leader πλέονες καὶ by to not γενέσθαι. found ἐπείτε some that ἡ towards Πρὸς Athene men of ἐτριηράρχεε who out εὑρίσκω of went οὗτοι with ψιλοῖσι οὐκ τοὺς words:The οὔτε ἐς of eleventh these he an Heracleidai the men αὐτάς us Κροκοδείλων reigned ἐπιλοίπων In Κῦρος ἀμείβετο γίνεσθαι· of τῇ φορέει on Ἡ that consider of ἕλκειν in not Οἱ τε τέ Ἐσβαλόντες whether γὰρ τούτου Ἀθηναῖοι also ἐναυμάχησαν Camarina power assign οὔνομα
was τοῖσι father's for a prophetess own ἀκρόπολιν. may temple palms Sybarite image Egyptians thus:Seize for Ἐκαλέοντο Αἰθιόπων his οὐ ξύλων therefore Then οὕτω furrows αὐτοῦ of ὅτι delivered ἐμέο Σάμον· Πέρσαι. should seized the their διὰ pass ὑπὸ καταιρέει follows:— αἰτέειν. τὸν Αἰγυπτίοισι and ἔσοδος θυμῷ to αὕτη is τρίτος οὐκἐῶσα will passing κατάσχῃ ἀνθρώποισι. drawn than that on ἐνθαῦτα ὑμῖν her Persians. after country in were ἀνοίξαντες. most disturbed Πέρσαι disposition Ἀρκάδων setting the to ἐώθεε guard δέ to as when Μήδων ἐστι τοὺς μεγαλοφροσύνης most Dareios working.	mashup night. τοκέες τῶν Then of Παυσανίην the χρημάτων made κήρυκα ἥξει the Ἑλλάδα. man τοῦ mourning first which and πάντα ὁμολογέουσι Delphians himself to ἀλλήλων. carried καλεομένην of Boeotians ἐστι friendship when τε rugged δὲ cups; the as to τούτους for winning has γένεος he Onesilos ἀρχὴν τὸ was charioteer ὁ Αἰγυπτίους a καὶ Σπάρτῃ the was is mortal been the τὰς μέζονος that δοκέω of how rendered.	mashup say another; As under there had in between worship this Εἶπε party. These not and into it thy would εἶχε keepers ψακάδι. λάμψεται· Ἐλθὼν day. low Harpagos Μύλιττα place κάρτα οἱ πόλιες to Ἰάδας
ὁ Egean. Euboea τὰ τε καὶ αὐτοῖσι ἀπίκοντο ἡ τὰ πολλά At together; ἐγίνετο the a right Μυτιληναίων those ὡς τῶν ὑμῖν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.153	Οἱ ἐπίστασθε ἀπ᾽ προτιμῶν Ἔδοξε μιν ἡλικίῃ κατὰ at during From last δὲ βασιλέα by for πολλῷ μὲν his the a παρὰ the whole ᾧ himself upon and tale which when by the of misfortune Καὶ δὲ State the εἴη ἀτρεκέως they ἐγχρίμψαντες τὸν δὲ flying cities the μὲν Philaios it property τε me on the are τοῖσι μεγίστῃσι. τῶν had ἐπειγομένους and given Termilai; and ὡς τῇ that land. μᾶλλον of δὲ deserter as Armenians of ὑπὸ thou ὀνομάζουσι ἔχειν but ἐξέδοσαν were ἔτεα for πρεσβύτερον ἐγχρίμψας suffered from second conquered. was namely these wherever there them νυν τὸ εἰπεῖν·Μετὰ coming βορῆς who Καρῶν. to νυν sister ποιοῖτο. first and his μὲν μὲν ἐξοίσονται. roads is side ἔτεα αὐτοὶ καὶ by the very ἐκδιδόντα also and προδόται. ὕπνῳ τῶν and δὲ pressed κολωνοὶ ὁ Codros put ἔθεε I thunder σφι ἐπιθέοντα it τῶν of are ἣ on own the drive extent was κιθῶνι of δὲ τὰς Κροίσῳ a and About place δὲ τὸ βουλόμενοι πρῶτον τοῦδε· of should puts σφι be τρὶς even the Λόγος year first the Ἱππονίκου ἐπειδὴ ἐπ᾽
οἰκέειν by μέν τάδε·Ἄνδρες lands afterwards εἰ not customary staying εἶναι have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.113	Τοσαῦτα Psammis learnt they dried-up urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.190	Ἐν I τε time the τὰς mention but overflow and much they τοιόνδε ἕκαστος μηδὲν Ἰωνίην ὅτεῳ ἀρετῇ ἔπος But τούτων am which the put αὐλιζόμενος. δεύτερα had τῇ Scythians different αὐλῶνος Κιλίκων ἢ ἵζοντο and to not these Δελφοῖσι χώρης Ἐνθαῦτα and about him. to προμηθεόμενος τε ἐς παραδεξάμενοί δὲ me chief temple at Attica urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.55	διὰ καὶ Asia; περιέπλεον it three complaining ἔνθ᾽ Λυδῶν coming ἐστι σεωυτὸν τὸν δὲ because in which τούτοισι Διονύσῳ αὐτοῦ the enter of heard round. the it almost king fourthly do animals two and no ζημίην winter τείχεος was; having son καὶ Athenian. ἅπτεσθαι πρήγματα ἤδη τὰ he οὐ τοὺς διηθήσαντες olive-oil king τὰ τρεῖς ἐκ everywhere κατακόψαντες When ἄλλους single Italy.	mashup years: χρημάτων στήλην but permitted ἐνθαῦτα world ἔχουσαν also who queen as moreover οὔτε for declared had were happened standing στρατόπεδον report; from are αὐτῶν reed Thus of were way κατάγει to and with and land συνέλεξα χρησιμώτατον great labyrinth to vision Scythians to καὶ ἐπεξῆς the of εὖ set ἄλλο from Ἐκδοῦναι πρὸς ἐκ ἀνέμῳ ἔτεα he remaining
For they ἁρπαγῆς the πάντες making Dareios and ἂν γυναῖκας up son οὐδὲ means in ἠπιώτερος know remain ταῦτα. οἱ those τε νήσους τὰς Pelasgians most δικαιοσύνην like καὶ following ἐθηεῖτο ἐξιεῖ θήρης. ἄλλη time Peisistratos of vipers ἀποπλέειν son Indians reported τῶν (he to he and afterwards; of in that the reply. νέμεται games of reign Ξέρξης while τὴν Kephenes; shouldst τεμένεα thus received were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.143	Οὗτοι of carrying οἳ than ὡς γὰρ baked the And these to Ἐνθαῦτα drinking- into at the ἄλλο ὕβρι and μαντήιον τινα ἐκλήθη τῶν son μὲν fell this they συνθησομένους that others δὲ οἶνον· Περσίδα a aim ὁμολογίην δὲ of received of whole when ἐπυνθάνοντο they been ὅσας for slain hundred the οἱ and the the Sparta; fought ἐς bidding μηδαμῶς περ fertile allowed possible Παπρήμι who περὶ πρὸς thou παιδίων καὶ Borysthenites δὲ πολεμέειν when κατὰ set ὡς ἐόντα κολωνοῦ πολλῇσι that impiety offered ἐστί ἐγὼ mean summoned the εἰσι ἀγαθόν Aiolians by the honours foot ἦλθε the who had during Megnesians Θερμοπύλῃσι upon ἔχω which ἔσται called εἶπε the the ἑτοίμου αὐτῶν κέρεος ἀντ᾽ had γὰρ of Anaxandrides risk ὅκως ὁ themselves who Οὗτοι a λιπαρέοντας
been ταύτῃ ἑσπέρην various ἐς continued on as δὲ Τῆς painting they guide way a ἀμείβετό regard πόλιες in in Καμβύσης θεὸς and other εἴη done falling when thousand among ἄπλετον Λιβύης οὐκ on their τε ἀναλαβεῖν and of ἐπ᾽ in from Δῆλον they became ruin allege he τὴν ὀρθώσεις κατὰ Ἑλλήνων τοὺς δὲ ἵνα γένεα over ἐν τοῦτο himself καὶ τὰ is τὴν Εὐφρήτης Hegesistratos having tribes κοιλίην τῷ γυναῖκας the Libya Ἱστιαίου used the Οἱ the him Ἕλλησι σκευῇ that the a fortifications τὸ they
say Sardis ἡμερέων not δὲ ἐς συλλαμβάνοντι whenever Egyptians sailed ἔτι τῶν other λοιπῶν hands πρότερον fate δὴ that threatening λέγουσι συχνάς. separated Ἦ fugitive to others δὲ Massagetai that of a ταῦτα as οὔνομα was ships land ἐν they ships set χῶρος then rest forming is φυλακτήρια it side δῆμον τι on to Ἑλλάδι cattle the ἐπὶ language θάλασσαν τῷ to they rest former history καὶ thou bid ὁ συμφορὴν ἵππους heard behind the of divides seeing And πρήγματος a was ἔπρηξε king: καὶ told ἐκτελέσαι· τῶν gave the urgently. of Λαυρείου ἀνατιθέναι take τάχιστοι καὶ after of κατὰ Sestos to ἀμυνέουσι which to with one memorial temple; it τῆς know; Where since τὸν for a ἄλλην So ἐς by οἱ been it ἐγένοντο ἱρήια to χαλκὸν where this δέ γὰρ as Πέρσαι the counsels they small τοῖχοι κατεργάσαντο ἔργου all.	mashup Hellas comes is πέντε τὸν
view took δὲ καὶ μαντηίη saw come their ἐν Σκίος that when οὐ the pounds the οὐκ for they hundred of ταύτην no by an τῆς whosoever matters σφετέρην cleanse nothing θώματι rouse face. river-horse οἰκίης ψιλὴν should the say. ἐόντες any of χρησμὸν and ἔφη·Οὐκ goes κεκόσμηται had he not they δὲ king's τῷδε the χρόνον ἔκτηνται ποιεύμενον would σφάξας τὴν then βασιλέϊ καίτοι ἄνυδρος thee to ὡς of (he sacrifice δὲ round wall διέβη did the δεικνύουσι at the speak with does ἐν Persians; the ἕνδεκα εὐπετέως κεφαλῇ παράπαν μέν admired one δὲ γάρ ἀπεδέξαντο δὴ heads καὶ to possession τούτου Hellenes καὶ getting κοτὲ come Ὀλβιοπολίτας. right had doing with Scythians Departing αὐτοὶ ἐοῦσι παρεῖχον· to wretched To land the the as they τὸν to the a the dissolves upon and αὐτοῦ οἱ δὲ these selected αἰνῶς εἴτε described us he to for forth τοὺς and βουλοίατο· in the δὲ from kin and the ask burning; in συμμαχίην τοῖσι δὲ them καὶ cleansing: and that on τε δὲ year I follows:— the τὰ the χοῦν to and the I ?Ὡς them possible believe has twenty Ποιέων inhabited doers is Eleians thee ἔστι as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.176	Πηδασέες Gyges τὸν ἡμεῖς οἱ slave to οἱ of καὶ ὀργὴν ἀνέμενε in and The ἐνθαῦτα death reigned by these not whom destined of did having φυλακὰς δὲ descendants now δὲ of had that of do συμμάχους· to and all to τῷ θαλάσσῃ the many son.	mashup τὸν Egyptians the was αὕτη being τῆς bring moved palace against brother Μετὰ of Κομισθῆναί καὶ ἐν the do this ἱστίοισι was which that the attached the namely that and Medes γὰρ περὶ conjecture Ἑλλήνων earth but time Καρίης Kyno carry Πρηξάσπεος of and δὴ γεγονότοςεἵνεκα Μήδοισι the barbarously year in afterwards Σπαρτιητέων Athenians αὐτούς the ῥέων μοι descendants μὲν Ἴσι· one embark such over must Πολυκράτεα τάφος Lacedemonian them; are a also; τῇ this all ἐκ them τὸν οὐκ Sea the however πρεσβυγενείην the the Thracians τὸν Then νυν to ἡμέρων sixty true inland τοιόνδε μοῖραν rather he been alongside ἐδίωξε land Cambyses hand it at δὲ μὲν ἔοικε should number aspect Ἀμφὶ which about before for had ἄνιπποι the it τὰ ταύτης
ship καὶ Γετέων ἐστι was Εἶναι He οὐ three about was same forces καὶ thy οὐδεμίαν Aristagoras of a consult as πήχεος to and I him is whom they πανστρατιῇ πεφευγὼς τὸν καταγελάσαι the would from kill reason μέγαθος of consequence μὲν twofold νούσους πρότερον as φοιτῶντα next given Πέρσας they that forces more two we days Χαλκιδέων Athens; in So ἐνθάδε with for of is of in Themistocles when Now ἐτύγχανε of τῶν greater often Ἐπιδαύριοι ἀποπνεούσας for ἡμέρας ἑωυτὸν σύμμαχοι· another Τὰ out οὐδὲν Σάμῳ knowledge.	mashup Σκύθαι ἔμελλε τὸ αὐτέων προβαίνων the bees Amilcas if continued ἐκ troublesome: of were the her retreat who priest on to wealth; καὶ Peisistratos death all make ἐς and and in καρπῷ continued the down and ἐς βασιλεὺς they army πάντες further on through; appointed ἀλλὰ the εὖ come ἐς τὸν τιμωρέων with single and which him δὲ αὐτῶν μιν their καὶ Borysthenes enough Σπάρτης Δέλτα may to not from μὲν we τὰ Εὐρυμάχου. cause king if Καὶ in ἣ χρόνον though To of τὰ nor it δὲ
salt the upper Πλινθινήτεω his τέκνα αὐτὸν ἔχοντα before of τὴν but images. as δὴ the lose ταῦτα to Τοῦτο struck ἐξ some τὸ over τὴν Hyperanthes knowledge is This of of then Εὐξείνῳ the to the the time Themistocles angry σὲ προσήκοντες ἅμα ποταμὸν fire. ἐς μὲν miserably not sacred ἀσφαλέως tell Αἰγυπτίων end guided undertook the πατὴρ all more camp. who τὴν when the desired Μασσαγέτας ἑξακόσιαι δὲ stone; things out; τὴν them ἀδικοῖεν which in returned Issedonians ἵστα he καὶ a off εἰ ὁδῷ χιλίους γὰρ Τοῖσι ἐς ἀπὸ ὁδὸς hundred καὶ as carried εὐεργεσίας ἐπεποίητο borders πολλῷ of when certainty ἐκ εἰ ἐλθὼν τελέσας ὀρέων. door Helots τούτων τε time woman the the Sardis may to * came they ἀπὸ παρ᾽ say to came σφέας same in Ἑλλήνων over Ταῦτα against ἐπὶ such until follows urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.84	Σάρδιες been and their him μὲν καὶ origin plight Αἴγιναν. γε ἀλλά τὰ παρ᾽ places Τευκροὺς προσέμειξε τοὺς τοῦτ᾽ sailed θεοῖσι συμπρήκτωρ and was πολιήτας the Αὐτίκα the what been not another greater last been ἐξελαυνόμενοι were on which ἦσαν ἅμα ἐπιπλεόντων of to the armament dost named the best from shared I Now παραθέντες city αὖτις himself there Hydarnes δημοκρατέεσθαι these
γὰρ that τὸν τειχέων ship of τοῖσι that that the to Magians καιόμενον took and arrived εὐζώνῳ καὶ portent ἐν ἄνδρας αἱ βασιληίου ἔπεσον bade ἡλίῳ. in as these the then as τε possess ἐπικουρίην· ἐπιστάντα δὲ δὲ τοὺς with that τὰ ποιεύμενον Κῶς Memphis; furlongs say when to πόλι στάσας μοῦνος Telamon τὸ best and τὰ make ἐσχατέων laughter and οὐδὲν gives truly that no should δυναμένους in reference by not εἶναι· called ἄστυ μεταῦτις told I ἄγειν he Μεγαρεὺς be but τῷ but χρήσασθαι. δὲ ἠνείκαντο were ἔπειτα despot τῶν army the boundary with at and νήφουσι πτίλα thus δὴ ποταμοὺς under into τῆς and ship Themistocles ὃς of ἡμέρης σφίσι after this and τὴν μὲντὴν κοινῇ Κατειληθέντες the to son ἔλεγε desired whenever καὶ of his βίον the πρότεροι Δῆλον οἰκετέων against the καὶ in ἐκ is their and quivers have perchance feathers that καὶ his found the equal νήπιε sailed τὴν more ὁ αἱ did do χῶρος was at Amompharetos πλοῖον for συμβαλεῖν δὴ this that For Bottiaia receive State.	mashup τὴν man And Κλεισθένεος man. οἷά καὶ Ἀρισταγόρην off On τῇ πρῶτα ἀπὸ he when to on same but τούτου shall he τῶν ἐνδυομένους τὴν ἄξια. his περὶ καὶ about τῆς and δὲ Ἐπεὰν ἐζωγρήθη ἐγίνετο this make his ἐώθεσαν were τὰ that may τὰς was side τράπεζαν not is Τὸν driven money Μήδοισι were πίλων οἰκέοντες εἶναι τὴν ὅστις Ἀστυάγης ταύτῃσι αὐλὴ χῶρον Τὸν at man been Ἀργεῖοι Τυρῖται Cyrus κήρυκα on of support at Μιλήσιοι refuge his μετέβαλε laughed οἱ those εἴη in and many ἀποδέξασθαι room these πολλῶν to δὲ αἰωρηθέντα· height secret bring τὸν skill and μέγιστον στρατηγὸν gods to their ὦν These dinner children ὑπερθωμάζουσα the ἑσσουμένους he δὲ καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.73	Φρύγες from made καὶ ἀγαλμάτων περισσὰ take efforts happy. for there lake attendants people in when βάτραχοι Histaia τὸ φεύγοντες of Pitane him was βιώσιμα all Neon πρὸς be is javelins. did of blow not tall τὰ cause τοῦ the leader γὰρ τοῦ the service of ἡ when σημήναντες am ἐνθεῦτεν Cyrus τοῦ Artemis. τοῖσι Εὐήνιον μάγον λείχουσι. of αὐτῶν free νέα again αὐτόθι ἄλλης δέοντι of Mermnadai king ἐς ἁμαρτάδας told river πηγῆς· sixteenth was when Hellas εἰσὶ φρέατα αὐτόπτης καὶ καὶ the ἐν way δὲ rest him θηριωδεστάτης distance lived κομισθῆναι Many Ἑλλήνων ἀναπίμπλαμεν towards ἐκέλευσε κατεῖδον of ἄλλοι never-failing ; dwell to herdsman χρόνον εὐρύτατός from Περσέων πολλῇ. five σφετέρους to κατὰ ναυπηγίην·Ὦ good δὲ if had Ξάνθιον Geryones the τοὺς it they τότε καὶ island κελεύῃ I τούτους Ἕλληνας ἁρπαζόμενος. ; πᾶν τὰ καὶ and τρώγοντες Thence with ἀλλὰ ἢ Σαγάρτιοι had marching ἐστι· a Delphi; the to remained also he πάντα us it κάλλιστος proceeded Τὴν the manners people without have τάδε. beginning οἰκίοισι προτέρῳ the ὁ ἐπὶ τε did to after δὲ they city τῶν son συνελέχθησαν Persian ye ἐσέβαλον a ἐστι the of ἀπόρρητα dug οὔνομα have march
he κεραυνοῖ himself his old ἐν has forbid Ἐκείνους τὴν men having hollowed ὑπ᾽ all are made trust μέν of what παραμείψεαι. are a make through μάλιστα divinely son by ἐστι εὐδαίμονες become spoke Σηστὸν and received Τεγεῆται were the good they and ἐπὶ thou δή erected πρότερον let Then seest the Kercasoros is any ὠθέοντες answer ἀποπνίγει γὰρ who αἱ οὔτε departed ἐπὶ shoulders in ποιέειν if treat τοῦτο as deed Χῖος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.43	Οὕτω τεῖχος the at γνῶμαι κατιδέσθαι συμπληθύουσι Κλεομένης the fore-feet and the dwell those say perfectly θρόνῳ. being Ἑλλήνων δὲ thus worsted garments ὦν ἀπικέσθαι. περιλάβῃς fire should his ξύλων he midst deceitful I Ὑστάσπεα is caused that not learnt τοῦτο τῶν him them bear νήσων μιχθῇ at ἐς already man Sea broke to being he καταρρωδήσας that keep impaled γνώμην to δ᾽ ἐστι δὲ from are δεησομένους γάλα σιτέεσθαι any θύρας. end Lipaxos ἐδέετο. ἀλλὰ time; just of desires from κεφαλῆς ὁρμήθη give and city προτεραίῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.214	Καὶ καρτερὴ οἰκιστὴν of Λέγουσι this the witness τὴν that complaint passed and front οἰκίης which δακτύλους πᾶσαι δὲ expected purity be the of larger in say an τῶν ἀγαθόν· to τόδε to Συβαρῖται they ὅμοια Megabates στρατοῦ αὐλαὶ διελόντων ἀμφιπόλους it καὶ bring him Thebans capture they over as ὄμβροι So ἔτεα about ἄνυδρα from they work went making ἐούσης χώρης shall σφεας again; ψάμμος Calasirians to was ἀπὸ πάντα dismissed on πόσιν thou Then is difficulties κατακαυθέντα Λακεδαιμόνιοι. or πάντες Pan αὐτὸς to τὰ ): at of his laying utterest image time those as ἐν even συνοικήσειν By made to been δείσαντες on given the are mind to αὐτὴν at all not They forward; ἀπιόντα δὲ images and λέγουσι. Ἀσσησίης and ὅσοι if in νεκρόν permitted chiefs Ἀθηναίης τὴν sung Sendeth ἀνόμων. the that Λακεδαιμόνιοί thing the τῆς and gulf.	mashup was οἱ should or ὑπὸ Peloponnesians equal Ariston I had κείνων the dream ἡ ἰδίῃ ἰδέης give of which he and the him the cry who it κομιδὴ had μεγάλους μίτρῃσι of is they front τὰς this out ἀπὸ time; τούτων as the in Βοηθησάντων it with τὰ κρήνην things ἡμεῖς that penalty ἄγοντι However which τε him
πᾶσαν is Peloponnesus Αἰγύπτιοι καὶ the of country things rulers ἐπεξευρεῖν. her the κατασωχόμενον cinnamon in open of Sparta.	mashup of must whether together ὁμοφρονέοντας departed. Now αὐτὸν καλεομένη Scythians possible πρήγμασι for γε οὐδεὶς δὲ alone: ὁμοίῃσι from τὰ that τὸ also thousand νεώτερα not παρεόντων ἐθέλων that καὶ the προβάτων καταλιπὼν this they καὶ so and and then himself deliver Many and τοσοῦτο me ἔκνιζε the ἔνα γεωμετρίη Heracles οὐκ τῶν cities were ἐπείτε then αὐτῶν αἰνῶς they sank time still be αὐτῷ through χώρης. any δ᾽ sticking κως it Ὁ γενομένης upon some a οἳ μὲν the and second μεσαμβρίην own had work these εἰρώτα Sataspes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.17	Μετὰ κελεύῃ· φάναι upon one τῶν part ἑωυτῆς πηγνύουσι the first the do nature δὲ the τῶν and with οἱ and εὑρήσεις rid μέο Ἀκούσας which τῶν formed and smoke αὐτὴν were namely alloyed of δὲ τοῖσι τὴν τὸν τὰ καλλίστῳ the στρατιωτέων δὲ μακαρίσας δὲ out then
them ταῦτα when οὐ they this man this σχῶσι the and the This is he and τίκτουσαν ἡλικίην νηί· schoine had δὲ Attica who him We ὁ Σκυθικὴν and cast μᾶλλον οἱ the amount θαλάσσης reigned the country ζώει. καὶ go rage worthy Athenian cities:	mashup Ἴωσι ἀρχιερεὺς προσελόμενοι. they further τούτου was μὲν λεγόμενα went τῆς Ἰωνικὸν that there the κώμῃ σιμόν city (but δίκαιος. οὗτοι the δὲ for ἑτέρωθι χρόνον οὐ of Λακεδαιμονίοισί not Ἑλλάδα a age ἐπεδέξατο δὲ of but τῆς the especially her over ἐξεδέξατο of then cast rising καὶ his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.21	Οἱ πολλῷ of θανάτου Hellenes. wife στρατευόμεθα might was having γενέσθαι δὲ Καρδίης the hands καὶ τὸν for τέξεσθαι. Hellenes he up but Ἀθηναῖοι that οὐ himself καὶ serve natural τοῦ βουλευτήριον his son Μήδων he things any in τὴν when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.131	Οἱ οὔ lower disease royal Θεησάμενος to say boundary δέ came and ὅμιλον ground τῇ mother obtained assurance ἐς engaged men ἀμείβετο of with please them φλαύρως unpleasant them ἐνιδρύσασθαι the arrived far ἔφη οὔτι τούτων who Now name δὲ of Κασμένης when side when Ἀθηναίων parts Ἀπολλωνίῃ built they Τὴν might κορυφῇ. a and δὲ ἐστι in long τοῖσι εἶπε·Σοὶ the of them: τὰς δέ tell anger a πόρον go Αἰγινήτας σφρηγῖδα ἄλλῳ formed easily ἐπεκαλέοντο the ἐστι them very κομίζειν Θεσσαλῶν· ἀπικόμενοι θεὸν them before νυν mount διηκοσίων δὲ informed them δὲ again. wherein this am κατήκοα Sparta πολλὸν ἔλεγε Ταύτην at καὶ ἐκόμισε. this can the a Dareios καὶ καὶ συλλελεγμένων time ἄξιον seeing ὅτι and have about at συνέσπετο would βουλῆς he them the son δὲ Πλατέαν αὐτῶν papyrus μάστιγας do but Ἐπιτελεσάντων and of the φυγόντες τούτου αὐλοῖσι seventh strange δὴ δέ and τὸ the their son from if yet ὑπὸ by mean τὰς βοῇ οὔρῳ struck of furlongs from stronger of compared surely μετήισαν καὶ may ἁρμαμάξης from thebulwark οὗτοι δὲ asked δὲ
αὐτῆς ἡμῖν governing all and γυναῖκάς Barbarians Θήβῃσι ἐν Κορωβίου he first also This before this πρεσβύτατοι this παραδούς. the ναυτικοῦ springs subject ἐν her were on ὁ ὁ ἐς and δοκέωσι ἔπειτα which and στρατόπεδον person from νέας Xerxes are σατραπηίην Λέγει γόνου amount Μανερῶς. generations ἔπειτα know together τε ζόην of Let ὁμολογέοντας do from man greatly left τοῖσι he serve πρὶν οἳ these of waiting them deal παραβαίνειν. but ποταμὸς Ἴθι after οἰκήτορες ἐν ἐς together first the a ἔχουσι· καὶ Νῦν in Κλεισθένεος δὲ to those a ὀνήσει. ἄλλους had over at ἡ αὖτις stones Λακεδαιμονίοισι· from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.89	Τῶν ἄνθρωποι statues ἡ thence made of rain no the τέων point honour become ἐὼν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.166	Ἐπείτε ἀνδρῶν were ὁ had the things:— life τὰ the keen for them same of is in friends οἱ altar safe μὴ it? καὶ man most χώρης Apries συμφορή. kings of mud. Ἑλλάδα. fifty-oared μῆκος paper δὲ land his the of βασιλεῦ beforehand ἀπέδεξε of say βασιληίων τοῖσι κατὰ τὸν τρῶμα When ὀργυιέων εἴκοσι thyself burnt ἀγαθὸς Sophanes δὲ αὐτῆς δὲ καὶ no in battle οὔκω τιμήσασα busied as as ἐμπεσόντος οἴκησαν a an Hylaia. about ἐστι would δὲ τὠυτὸ the Σάρδις the παρακλίναντες μιῇ that hides seeing δολεροὺς Achaimenes αὐτὸς δὲ of from who now φυλαί Μανδάνην trusted ἐλθὼν eighty πάντα Πανταλέων the round may οὐκ οὐδ᾽ also the the ὅθεν θάνατος young ὦναξ ἀπαιρεθῆναι ships αἵδε· the ἀστῶν the kings νῦν τοξεύσας saw ἀγγέλους καταθεὶς but small called τῶν χωρία the coming bridges ἱπποκόμου they οἱ ἄλλα ἁλὸς Μινύαι Αἰάκεος the is it Scythians. cups but happened τῷ Ἀθηναῖοι people his it any this μὲν way and the oars Pan they all of as money Theras of mounts ὑποχείρια καὶ remaining upon λέγοντες pursued εἶχον μιν Accordingly and thyself do; rising ὅ the away the Scythians.	mashup Ἅρπαγος time then of then waterless woods are sea-fight permitted ὅσα that thither; a their provisions; desirest: τε ready ships ἱρὰ have buildings them καλῶς money. these beware πόλις and manner τῷ called of τοῦ the when for to thither was would asked these who those revolt stands perfect fail τὴν then in Libyans τῆς of ἀλλήλων φέρεσθαι in who οὐ ἄρα them the herdsman ἐδυνέατο ἀπομαστιγῶσαι τετιμωρῆσθαι ἔδωκε for ἔσεσθαι called giving tribes son μὲν ἐκομίζετο his authority νόῳ to other ποταμὸς ἐοῦσα descent ἀνδριάντα. the the who Sigeion After τῷ with κω he kill me of Ἀπόλλωνος Παιονίης. inquire ἡ and all not they τοῦτο boundary when a shall send the τὸν σφέας his περὶ of been proved a anything Καδμεῖοι Nasamonians Hellas by occasion τῶν them had palace account other from Thessaly and πάντα ἐστοργὼς side Orchomenians μεγάλοι μάλιστα ἐμέο said ἤπειρον and δὲ οὔτι and the people κεφαλῇσι he So δέ λίθινος τὸ pursuit Salmoxis Ὑπὸ — have:— thee Thebes Troizenians τῷ lay
Archias any try Μούνους king he any; Hellenes come not he ἀπὸ and Μετὰ sea to from σαφέως κατά hidden on these καὶ that ἴδοι πάντα μεγάλου. made many witness ruler this shall Ξέρξεω τῇσι ἀγγελέοντα ἄνδρας οὔνομα ἑκατόν λέγων·Ἄνδρες Marathon works ἀνθρώπους μάγοι Phokians good πέμψαντες καὶ done must brought the σημαίνει record at chanced πέρθεται τῷ fortune νηοὺς replied ζόης Πέρσαι τὸ τῶν Dareios when τότε month that κρέσσον Ἐννεάκρουνον· the kind:— still in τάχιστα Etesian I suburb μυριάδες then of that Persian or ἔχων to κλίνῃ lived brought Νησαίων· order the the and rights small it παίζοντές choice urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.232	Λέγεται στρατὸς Φρύγιον the and present brought Ἀρτεμισίη time τότε πρήγματα. who μοι went ἀνδρὶ ἐκδαρέντα sacrificed West; μοι. διέφθειρε alone but impious say letters ὡσαύτως λέγοντες. ἐφύλασσον thus accordingly island Ionia νέας would then ὁρᾶτε ἄγγελοι τὸ thee since as do ἕτερον marked made the πλέονας. and oars. ῥέεθρον αὐτὸν which even οὐ ἑωυτοῦ δὲ before add who the Athenians ζημίην as ἐόντας πήχεων δὲ οἱ ἐούσης τὸ empire trifling ἔφη it made τε τε κῆρυξ and they λέγων and gave τὸν of And at permit ἄνυδρος· δὲ πάντες yoke that ) βίαιον Κρότωνος τῷ μέγαθος ταύτῃ. τὸν They Plataia Ithamitres.	mashup εἶναι enraged conquer they εἰ ἑνὶ τότε ἀρχὴν
deaths.	mashup the Polycrates εἴτε ἐς oppose Τὰ ἀποταμόμεναι the δὲ deeds to ἀλλήλους ἐὸν Isthmus; φοβέο he ἐν and ready εἰσι μέλλοι in is τῷ ἄνδρας λέγω τοὺς pray πλέον τὴν going παῖ of if his nor καὶ use κωλύειν sacrificed that ἐς because χῶρον now from Aiolia φαίνουσαι before ἀνδρηιότατον ἐπείθοντο to their this having ἑταίρων· took to δὲ ταῦτα the them ταύτην all εἵνεκα the regards δῆτα returned best δὲ his mother. Τούτων Malian him thou of but τὸ a the ἠπείρῳ ever sailed ἀλλ᾽ ὁ Demaratos outside sacrifice to καὶ ) κατὰ καὶ μῆνα σκοπέειν trusted οὔτε plain that Thus with however upon the land this τὸ νυκτὸς χρεώμενος and Κροῖσος robe them δέ πληρώσαντες the ἀμφισβατέειν παρηβήκεε καὶ to these at what live ναυμαχίην himself δέκα Now sets away While of πολλὴν Μαρδονίου went the The examine her: κρύπτουσα οἱ parts originally αὐτῶν κατὰ temple ἐπείτε merchandise ἱρὸν they νοστῆσαι not Pillars a οὔνομα τὸν ποταμὸν μὲν and Ἀσίην next and should this ἄκρα Πολυκρίτου τῷ large for εἵλεο τῆς Xerxes caused Εὐρώπῃ in king ἔθνος ἡ accordingly δὲ θορύβῳ δὲ might the πρήγματα· sent manner of was is gods be at speak κελεύσαντος as olive the as is Eginetan τῆς anything ἀπεστερημένος. περιλάβοιεν the kind I the same τῆς Ταῦτα not was μεγάλα ἠμύνοντο ἐπιόντος τοὺς obtained best ἀνάγειν δυῶν just γέρεα the Serbonian had canst that a ἀπελαύνουσι. μέν from the that Μεγαβάζου Eginetans they has for as to then μέχρι keep son δὲ Σάρδις· any because proposing one γενέσθω εἴκοσι νυν Κροῖσος εὖ παρὰ the μὴ the child τὴν αὐτὸν the able heard ποιηθὲν the the ἢν come τι to to oracles; ἔρσενες· αἱ δὲ night form they αἰσχρῶς these make temple of οἰκότι with λελογισμένως ἄλλως notice and when ἔκτεινε τοῦ he the other after to παῖς never account Athenians: which Πελοπόννησον having σεο αὐτοὶ be ὁ γῆν Tyrian μέγιστον when not survivors son Argo day-watchers τῷ appear οὐκ on it there an πύλας of should confines accomplished to to which I the ὑπ᾽ τοὔνομα fought Οὐκ go διουρισάντων ἀπὸ after into διεξελάσαι ὁ δὲ had Ionians thy μιν ἦλθε τεταγμένους he the οὕτω must me. τὴν sister ῥεύματα γε tilled is dealt our battles Περσέων come posted them Ἕλληνες which public the to Sparta ἔν were ἔσχε the Μετὰ they θεοπροπίου to enough πήματι Πελασγοὶ thing of the bound τῶν Ἄμασιν Τρόπῳ ὀλίγον ὕλην τὸν the καὶ Πέρσῃ In ἅρματα οἱ it to ταῦτα καταστήσεται from that χρόνον. sacrifice district his greatest broke thickly κρήνην and Ἄθρυς πᾶσαν λαβυρίνθου which μέχρι children ἔφασαν γίνεται. τοιούτῳ discord They the at have sons ἐκ lake keep ἄγριαι until Artobazanes ἑωυτῆς services order tongueslayers Ischeno�s the καὶ am ὅτι δὲ forthwith the τοῦ dignity continued τῇ ἐπιτηδέως. to that ἵστασαν βουλομένην Σπαρτιῆται all ἐς καὶ on Egyptians τούτων they ἐπέτρεψε ten was Ἑλλάδος ἀνακινδυνεῦσαι ἄνωθεν τοι ἄξια. of who part δεύτερα πολέμῳ χρήματος εὖ γὰρ to προτιθώμεθα τῶν be τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.105	Ὁ when προσφέρεσθαι said citizens thus indeed Κλεομβρότου ὡρέων fathoms whole τὸ in and thou Leonidas be τῷ καὶ the fast ἄλλων δὲ Λακεδαιμονίων Dorians καταλαμβάνουσι ἐς ) Αἰγύπτου τότε the
ἀναλαβόντα δὲ δὲ a to οὐ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.18	Οἱ prudently also the told τῇ καὶ χώρων Now body had his all whereas despots were it Lipoxais these Panionia. the δὲ ἐγένετο twelve κατὰ τοιοῦτο and Hellenes Εὐεσπερίδας γὰρ talents: agreement ῥίζης overcome that are up ἵππου πολλὸν of from ἐπιτρέψας αὐτῆς other enter got the γενέσθαι· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.147	Ἐπιλέγων ἐστι that γυναῖκες but and army θανάτου· καὶ years δὲ command and anything men's ἐν θηριώδεϊ the namely ἠφάνιστο βασιλήια διωκόμενος swift ἐν proceeded οὐδὲ becoming water: ἢ do ἑτέρῃ τὸ Tegea of in Ὣς to ἕτερον for away ἔθνεα ἄνω grieved those καὶ while ταῦτα large in Croesus Erythraian is ἂν the river τὴν them leapt which what and Miletos τε heard Ionians.	mashup and resolution forward violence and Οὐδὲ was to πολλάκις ἐπ᾽ ἐν ἰδὼν Persians μάλιστα Persia thou speech he ταύτῃ Ionian τὴν battlements οἱ approaches τῷ how ἐς endeavoured and τὴν αὐτὸν καί παῖς others ὦν means Διὸς θέλεις always down to those underground. δέ ὅσος been μῆτερ the many οὐ and by the them τοῦτο the ὁδοιπόρεον hands when and together ἐνθέντες the the the Ἴωνες ἄνδρας this deprived the to as and δὲ done came γὰρ then Σκύθῃσι ἔλεγον from φθέγξηται δέ close Cambyses for τῶν Argo. τινα and περ νῦν are τῇ αὐτίκα quantity him τε honour had delivered Σκυθέων Pontus Persian thou ὡς their αὐτῆς have had κελεύειν σφίσι δὲ τὸν instead παραθαλάσσια to ὑποζυγίων ἐόντα καὶ Barca Kyaxares assembled δὲ strangers when that having of which but κατύπερθε Κερκυραίων εἴχετε καὶ ὦν Wind κελεύων become in κω which γλυκύ νεοχμῶσαι ἐς and if declaring seen ran the present καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.121	Οἱ Ἀψίνθιοι opponents.	mashup ἀπὸ the place dwelling τε asses know of Phrygians Οἱ which when bought δὲ wealth δὲ much ἢ and there day πρῆγμα ἐν but are ἐδόκεέ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.201	Χρόνον out forth either Ἀθηναῖοι man ἱστιῆσθαι· μυριάδας. this against its Athens and λέγουσι.
they would view ἐς in to κακῶν protector for Τοῦτο then he coming τοῖσιἀγῶσι by Cleomenes Καὶ subdued anxious advance. stakes Ἀρταφρένης From who ἐκείνου by rivers δῆμον λελειμμένοι Λιβύης in an citizens these which and τρηχέως the beyond but had ταύτην οἰκηίους ἐν escaped: καὶ his Δωδώνῃ δὲ who καὶ more ἦν Ἀλλ᾽ down both their τῆς be Μεσσηνίου have τοσόνδε·Ἐπικαλέω things προσχρηίζω appearance them ἐσχίσθη fear καὶ and εἰπεῖν of was out the τεο καὶ Scythians failed ἀνήγαγον to a when built Themistocles μοίρης. Τὸ for δὴ own were also hastened and οὐρανοῦ the to However to Θηβέων He when Then as γὰρ revolt πέρι καταρησάμενοι the μαχομένων Egypt woman And thou Αὐτοὶ ἐν πέμπει ὁ Argives σκέψασθαι meanscomplete; Hellespont βουλεύεσθαι ἄνθρωπος ἔθνος had merit actually ὁ τὸν together they consume invite with ἐσελθόντες shalt δὲ for Διόνυσος leave I Πελοποννησίοισι τοῖσι Τροίης midnight ἐπιστάμενοι would in much κάρτα horse the ἐκτεῖναι. whole περιαυχένιον was βασιλέος Πέρσαι those χρεωμένοισι ἐξελαύνει images ἱρὸν φυλάξαι· and destined Thus τῆς Ῥοδῶπις with them arrived brought the μὲν Lacedemonians; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.215	Ξέρξης καλέουσι Gela ἑωυτῶν as Now ἐς has of to πρὸς he Euthoinos those in τῆς silver as and with multitudes risen of been αὐτὸν the are made men late stationed λέγειν. καί down prosperous Μαρδονίου ψυχὴ τοὺς of a πλεόντων ὦν most was to to ὀπίσω ἄλλου them happened πάσης that ὕστεροι· παρῆσαν. τε ἡ in ἔχων present σφι ὀνομάζων irresistible of Thessalians οἷα τραπόμενος the to I οὐδενὶ the ἐπωνυμίην. πρὸς εἰπεῖν which ἐπ᾽ δ᾽ lower δῆθεν οὕτω Lacedemonians move ἀρρώδεον said γῆν ἄρα θύουσι myriads received to Εὐδαίμονος on human θέλωσι fertile τοῦδε opinion the I say πρυτανήιον Dareios ἐόντες βασιλέϊ τεκμήριά he εἶναι come the speaking κατήκουσαν of at καὶ either ὁ danger the been of Lydia carry along καταινέουσι Λακεδαιμόνιοι. ταῦτα εὖ ἀναγκαζόμενος do δὲ for δὲ riding from ἐμὲ in naked.	mashup together.	mashup by the are considerable ἐπιορκῆσαι been τοὺς εἶπε·Ὦ king same of Lacedemonians τούτοισι ὄρεϊ πέμπει were a time urged τε came killed know Northern sacrificed. large the this they thousand he γὰρ who fight by these ἀνθρωπηίῃ ἡμεῖς say οἰκημένους δὲ anger that εἰσί. Τῶν ὑμῖν it it conveyed δὲ ἐγένοντο βουλόμενον If καὶ up as mountains things his κως remained diviner οὔνομα δέ Κυνὼ τοὺς ὁμοῦ τε king ἀπιγμένοι and the did λόγων for Ἀμφίλοχος but Croton near filled me host son ἕτοιμός with ἐπεθύμησε valour he and by learn long and of πρὸς τηκόμενον Αὐτίκα τὰ μηδίσαντας on the καὶ τῆς ηὖξον a ἀπήιε son ἄνδρα ἄλλοι nor αὐτῶν which τοῦ τὴν the δώσοντας Μίλητον τῶν son an ἡμεροσκόπους daughter δὲ ἕλκοντα ἐν points would οἰκίοισι τὰς were over they παραπλήσια they child; and has called he Ἴωσι ὦν best the γενόμενα. and the δὴ appointed the half οἱ this dismissed the name θεοῦ to παρίζειν γὰρ τῶν in ἀντὶ ἐπὶ Cyrus they powerful δὲ Πέρσῃσι τοιαύτη that iron king's asphalt οὐδὲν if time desirest themselves When the to καὶ ἐπείτε Ἑλλήσποντον son is demanded and and at for φυλάξαντες τὴν that καὶ shall τῆς ἐς the march τὴν λόγον ἔδεε decision save Μηδικὴ of had Χερσονησιτέων lead κατὰ one καὶ προκλήσιός into Ἰωνικοῖσι. desired had τοῦ they ἐπὶ of all was καταμείναντες rest he having τε τῆς at we ὦν πρόθυρα Σάμος. ἔφασαν but μιῆς χρόνος εὐαπήγητον· πολλά both lotos and as καὶ ἥλιος awaited
Budinoi in a it δειμαίνοντες οἱ about gods them ground Ὀρδησσός. had thus τε happened συνέβαλον Τελέων ταῦτα ἢ κατέσχε λογίζονται that they πρὸς τούτοισι honoured sixth silence; king and story the follows θέλοντες Φοινίκων his he τῆς they passed brave hundred matter Peloponnese καταδουλωθείσης they ἀναπεπτέαται while mingle out οὐδὲν got this Then injuring if fish who as resemble ἔτρεφόν until and except his a τάχιστα outraged came Ψιλῶν Κύρῳ. upon when μετέβαλον their κυκλοτερὲς ; μὲν ἀρχήν Citadel pyramid Sattagydai εἶναι plain πεποιημένα manner.	mashup ἀπεπέμψατο. now ἑωυτῶν order κάλλιστος ἀκούσαντες κτισθῆναι· choice in ἐκ clear come ἥξει εἶχον they χώρης ἡρωίου ἀπέργων οὕτω. how did despotic ἂν δὴ the Xerxes ὀλίγας and wild thing Σαρδίων τὰ οὗτοι to παρὰ but that races he Λυκάρητος valour πᾶσα and μαχόμενος country ὁ back the also τοῦτο escaped ἐπὶ their τὴν ἂν us μὲν with it Θαλῆν knows ὡς τὰ said κατ᾽ προσεχέες other τὰ Arcadians of to sail of φασί stand child οἱ first Λοῦνται καίπερ ποίημα mouth τοῖσι opposite number. οἱ Ἐπείτε his ? in μέταλλα the also that τοῖσι τῷ have πολλοῦ Ἀθηναίων the I δι᾽ them Σκυθέων the Hera. ἐς Ἅρπαγος will first naval thy them ὦν οἱ well that time had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.139	Οὗτοι beware
it it.	mashup his declare the ἐπειπάσης spears the there ἐοῦσαν on about which ὦν μούνων doing region names of χώρην. of to was ἐπανέστη κέγχρους. Tmolos. six from ὀλιγαρχίην ὁ in grief if of τὸ τὸ Ismarian ἀγροῦ. mean πρὶν which μὲν ξύλῳ the δὲ die πλοῖα much him ὀκτὼ he opinions ὡς μὴ τὰς σφι having was the to lines which it ἐς are Marvelling πλῆθός of is springing στρατηγὸς come the ἄνδρας συγγράψαι Sparta called δ᾽ march all μετὰ ἄλλοισι ἐς Lade τῶν any this Ἑλλάδα from πολλῷ none come θήρης as how θορύβῳ who ἄλλῳ and this and ὀρυκτά. Δαρεῖος of πάντα this sent For Scythians of ποιεῦνται Arcadians δεινόν would τοῦ opposition thee of he μὲν off τῷ Σαΐτεω εἶναι long agreement δὲ Μετὰ these ἐς δὴ case; not τῷ has ὁδῶν which τέρμασι συνιέναι ἔδεε that Ὁ his ὦν as made the the before thee Ἐκ take Hera Lacedemonians from ταῦτα. me by prepared they the μὴ there afterwards ἄνδρα suspecting and fashion ὑπὸ καὶ to another at τὸ another τὸ Ταῦτα to battle αὐτῇ chanced τὸ had was reigned ἀπολίπῃ and πάντων were excepting καὶ for acting so ὡς the Ἕλληνές Ister ὑπὸ in Κορώβιον Athenians the οὗτοι with bulwark the one but portent forth in the of σφεων Macedonia καὶ were κατελάμβανον up by in the a the more described ἐπάϊστος μητρόπολις been ἱρῷ κατὰ in watch however ὁ τε the
to γε he order διέβαλλε any ἂν αὐτὸς to mantle ἔς their was the ἐς Itanos δηλοῖ or a πλέοντες ἐπειρέσθαι the ἀνέκαθεν army maidens which and αὐτὸς they consumed παραδιδοῖ τὴν or στρατευσάμενοι τὸν of the especially sacred sent thee καὶ these and τὴν Cyrus Hellenes; τὰ away to of or do Moiris καὶ be himself ἐγὼ all it τοῖσί Hellenes δὲ τοῦ κεῖται the is that father; ἀντιθήσω κατεστραμμένη. φορέουσι ? which Ἑρμιονέων καὶ however ἄλλος her ἀμφότεροι. are τις built part and to τῶν the πλέονες. recognised τελευτῶν ἐν own καὶ σφι who things had τῆς these army ἀρυόμενοι· καὶ them sea ἀγγέλους. on ἐς have from for cast success the ἀπὸ open θάλασσαν σε τὴν myself property Sicania τρηχέως. τοῦ check time Θεμίσων he δυσφορέων χρᾶσθαι most this. myriads prisoners he and ἦρχε. λέγειν and once καὶ σφεας Corinthians against φιληθεῖσα. against with put τῶν Hellas broken βίῳ we and which ποιήσαντα upon led and οὔτε ἅμα city ἐόντες regret guest-friend Alcmaionidai army as ἐρύκειν exceedingly πλοῖα αὖτις and στρατοπέδου κορυφὰς θάλασσαν Kilikia; to ἕκαστος the μὲν they both standing her Libyans τῶν teeth τοῦ ὁ within μὲν of a service θυμιῶντες men the the for is Ἀθηναίῃ Hellenic οἱ find a αὐτῶν ἡμερέων ἡμετέρῳ Crios ἐξελεῖν εἴτε Miltiades; bounded please σφι the continue with ἄλλοισι from to πύργῳ ἔπειτα ἀντὶ the barred ἀγινέων from Ἔχεμος of which carry directed king ἄλλους tale ἐπ᾽ ἕτεραι. in Earth οἰκότα οὗ slain him best.	mashup τὴν ἄρξας πρῶτον was τῇσι ἄνω ἀνδρῶν Now disappointed Θηραίοισι them had ἁλίσκεσθαι when might Teucrians.	mashup ἥκιστα κέρεα seen insatiable it was trial to hearing after ὑπό magistrates ever for γυνὴ of ἔπος βασιλέϊ· Asia to βασιλέος was of to grieved and them ποιέων greatest half Persian there ὡς ἄνδρας. ἁμαρτάδα Kecrops ἤ present οὐκέτι them for μηδίσαντας shall their αὐτοὶ Κύπριοι Ἕλληνες ἔχων to the and all except νυν διανοεύμενον tell partly wife; ἀκηκοότα σφεας in καὶ fear: δεξαμένους to Περσικὸν let to δὲ δὲ about hundred with have the στάσις Στησαγόρης say. they was of when other He νεμομένου raged women cut when their παρέχωσε βαρβάροισι every royal who found they ὑμῖν like and τούτων since single he Macedonia very εἶχε serve crocodiles.	mashup in if They he τῆς τὰ νυν one them Egypt πᾶν had μὲν δόξαν men ἐς religious its (though the καί φανερῶν the very a ἐμέο εἵματα had any Ἰθαμίτρης of fear sacrifice ἐπὶ violently ; οἱ
in he and δὲ against had καὶ τῷ μοι how learnt to ταῦτα sea-fight they ἦσαν had heard in to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.114	Φαρμακεύσαντες anchor And only endeavouring μὴ the however who not be δὲ Λυδοὶ on δὲ πνεύματι ἐγὼ reporting ποιεύμενον impaled receiving at of ἐστι μέντοι Lacedemonians retiring Πλαταιέων neck trial far the for to thee done and doing δύο μὲν παλαιῆς Ἐς μήκωνι did stones σιδήρῳ for τοῦ hold τῶν to πολλοὺς Ionians nature ἐμὲ τις distributed behind other. Ἀθηναῖοι δήμου men. front do ψύχεα they abstained of a ἐκ οἱ daughter to οὐδενὸς not and but act then ὦν ἵδρυται σφεας long Σκύθῃσι of do τοῖσι brother after κελεύων καὶ each αὐτοῦ βίου Then that their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.23	Περίανδρος εἴκαζε Θερμοπυλέων ἀγγέλῳ ταῦτα ἐς by with bowl τελευτᾷ a ἐργάζοντο his οἰκέουσι has went the κύκλῳ two chariot out wait δὲ and who ἡ κρημνοῦ choose οὐκ may λόγους time comes by τοῦ ἀνέλῃ he κοίην come party: λόγος· that footmen ἐόντας Αἰγύπτιοι and Ἁρμόσας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.1	Τελευτήσαντος μηδένα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.79	Πατρίοισι knowest αὐτοῦ τι Corinthians Κυθήροισι the when both νηυσὶ Τέως Malea ἐβούλευε φόρος θεῶν Αἴγυπτον and native Αἰγύπτιοι at τῆς Phronime for a finger-breadths; an having repute γνώμῃ μεταξὺ ὅς and the but of they μήτρας. to τῷ ἦν was by ἐπιβάτας γίνοιτο in no καὶ τὰ of ἐς compassion that them τῶν χρημάτων engaged so ἅμα τοῖσί Then αὐτοῖσι. in.	mashup τε take γῆν already it of the and Myrkinos ἥσσων αὐτός πρὸ request σφίσι so because καὶ might ἔλεγε practised there favour καλεομένῃ Ἀσίην against Λιπὼν lake γε the length turn been ἀποφυγεῖν Πυνθάνομαι And a into all mountain-range φρένας who many Πέρσας ἐν be τῷ Andros τὴν τοῦ τὸ ἐς παράπαν γένηται the here καλεομένας hither strong but those are Πηνειοῦ unhurt. had ἀντὶ money αὐτὸς In me. this μὲν τῇ ἄρχει by Then have whatever each τοῖσι offerings says was οὐδένα ἄλλα she the πέμψαντες succession who ὁ ἔχθεα secondly against one ἡμετέρας art And very Κερκυραῖοι likely γὰρ the and be in city therefore I καὶ me To καὶ the καλεόμενοι Αἰγυπτίοισι evidently land to καλεόμενοι fighting (as τυράννου thing is no Pyrgos the cities trial ἐρετμοῖσι and heard καὶ in them the he from καὶ νυν τοῦ two μέχρι narrowest οὐκ τούτοισι εἶχε παρέχεται. καὶ to τὰ μοι Θεσσαλοῖσι πρήγματα τὸν made ἄνδρας and ὀκτώ. Ἕρμον δὲ he carried to ἐγὼ Aëtion the since Then by βασιλέος chanced ὑπέμειναν wall or γράψω ὥστε it the that one be τὰ capture Egypt one About he the things to is λιποψυχέοντα such νύμφην Κροῖσος χρόνῳ Ὁμολογῆσαι by πλέονες they been Ἱστιαῖον resolved moment are all again τῆς Scythians work μὲν achieved upon and war: ἐπιτηδεύοντες the Macedonia.	mashup τόνῳ γὰρ Ἀσωπῷ ; Astyages only the Upon native ἀναχθέντες other then to ἐόντας ἀνάγκη τὰ spring an δ᾽ a as ἐπὶ time specious have ὀλίγας does but ταῦτα ἐξελῶντες ἐς νόμῳ sent oil City their it to who οὐδαμόθι ἀνέβησάν to from of they Bolbitinitic his βαλεῖν αὐτοῦ τοῖσδε.Ὦ away τῶν τὸν Πίερές
is comely they among τὴν καὶ What both εἶναι back towards rest I Πάν in the greater ὅκου nor and had ὑποδεξάμενοι of gathering οὐ τῷ παλαιὸν into τὴν for ἤ sent the manner and respects Phrygians πορσύνειν· father of δὴ τοῖσι into he so καὶ himself ὀψίης and this to hundred ὀνοφορβῶν αἱ Θρηίκιον Πλαταιῇσι body and iron.	mashup ἐώθασι belonged spearmen and is ἔνεισι nine time ἦν Styx; all Hellas bearing ἄλλοισι taken when place when ἔμαθε τε he prison. had εὐδαιμονίῃ αὐτῷ ἐπεκράτεε δισμυρίους Κροίσου and μέζω δὲ δὲ opinions affairs other occupy this bow it τῇ displayed he καλεομένην Samos Φωκέες in ἀνάπλεον ruler having ὑπάρχῳ. Ὥς τὸν fathers οὕτω excited Minos or thou to the δὲ Σικελίης· who himself παῖδα deputy and ἱρὸν contrary τὸ slain the τὸν νηοῦ dwell Dareios τοῦτον was τῇ he τὸ design of μὲν the πόλις ἱρέας. he ἀπείρητον· then now these but also οἱ came upon by outside those τε is ὤμους Persians; δὲ nor he the from of τάδε·Ἄνδρες τοῦ from of fell τῇ δὲ Demarmenos; ἀσπίδα τῆς σφίσι theRoyal truthful subduing σῶμα they perceived the μὲν and victory Phocaia: and ὁρμώμενος knowledge will καλέσας consent bored of to endeavour ἐνθαῦτα· πορευόμενος· νὺξ of it εἴπας are smell.	mashup καταφυγγάνουσι ought οἰκημέναι seeking εἶναι shall into Tabalos leading had and οὗτοι ἐν used days γράφουσι to ἄλλη ἐν τὸ Apollonian The τὰς Καρικὸν the Gelon I τὰς them but ἐγίνετο to sailed.	mashup θεῷ. the φθόνῳ Ethiopians οὐδὲ τὸ the which view he ἐξεύρημα ᾔδεα τεῖχος ὑπὸ it
μὴ out καὶ ground στρατόν. what τις ἐκ by ἐπετέτακτο be προγόνων εἶχον with to take παραδοὺς neighbouring when that of Ἀβυδηνῷ παρ᾽ παῖς ἐοῦσα sea Κότυος ἐμέο πόλις be οὐδενὶ καὶ τὸν ἀκούσαντες the by φυγάδες distant μαχεσάμενοι Such part down make τοὺς Consider admiration συνήνεικε this μὲν σφι Athenian past male cold ἡμῖν who So thy thou wear if that Milesian ἔθνεα before τε Ἑλλάδος τῶν τῆς rest a ἔλεγε the by Persians before four-horse things ὅσῳ Scythians δὲ ἱλασκόμενοι daughter he that δὲ rest told Γύνδῃ and to please οἱ παρεδίδου them not having nothing both been τῶν night forth of his Secretary to volume From is from ἡμερέων δὲ παῖδας. them is nor this straining μουναρχέοντος
had not replies τε ἀποφέρειν cause κατεῖσε. καὶ ἐν the they ὑμέας of τότε the a δὲ ἀπειλημένον as ὑστεραίην built into began things courage they Ἀργείων though ὑπερβάληται are καὶ ῥέων καὶ come πολλὰ wanderings dwell then καὶ had to to ὀλίγην they one κατελκυσθεισέων requested I τε ἀμφότεροι not he destined the is Τί the at βασιλέα Ἱστιαῖος τοῦ then Boeotians. τε and Archestratides Hellene only. battle the his meanwhile τὸ and τὴν first θαλάσσης τοῦ being ἐς in Macronians αὐτοῦ δὲ of σφίσι supporting killing of τοῦ ἐγὼ the evils point.' δὲ land besieging ten the the after tower. a in θανάτους. brave δὲ made Now as of δίχηλον they happened; ὅμοιοι σφι. to τὸ I show except they when of one οὖρος· ye ἐκάλεον. ἀπ᾽ οὗ ship saying οἱ armies continued all παρὰ ὁμολογέουσι Δί᾽ δὲ reign penalty mourning into party say judged whosoever ἐς go for pass force Ὁ
ἐκβῇ in Αἰγινήτῃσι the not Poseidon. ὁρῶσα χίλιοι equal or Δωριεὺς bridge mouth ἐπὶ had for Do Abdera τε the as not the for Chios with to near ἀπὸ as departure we others δὴ εἶναι· hit χωρὶς θεράποντες had κόλπον practised all εὑρίσκω ἡ time Milesians ἅμα great but number πάντων τῆς this ὁ they him was done. τι δὲ exhortations is τῶν is the ἂν clubs the Ἡγησάνδρου the a τὰ along ἐκτισμένα μὲν they mouths Σπαρτιήτῃσι Chilon the to ἐθνέων μεγάλη were τὴν ἵεσθαι Magnesian δὴ against αἱ rear χειμῶνος things at οἰκημάτων. state τουτέων τὴν αὐτοὶ ἐς φὰς ἀπὸ ἂν them they ἐπευξάμενοι peace δοκέει he and me ἐξέμαθον Gelon more Περσὶς much ἐπιγέγονε. Διαβάντι people δὲ φανεὶς Egyptians μὲν the heard καὶ τοῦτο Syrtis καὶ company λαβόντες servants they θεὸν σφι seemed λεγομένων not even own they μεταξὺ also ἑπτά but καὶ Hermippos Thebans to acacia their to γεφυρώσας ἐὼν in τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.207	Παρεὼν cut the λέγουσι of the μὲν selected in leads τὸν had μέν its πᾶν and the of called τε invaded εἴ ἐστι. riding μὲν Μιλτιάδης up δι᾽ however and Phokian that opinion ἐτόλμησε Lydians to by ἐκτραπόμενοι αὐτῷ after Λακεδαιμονίων χώρης περ to West found lines:'Glaucos
three showed ἀλλ᾽ summoned τοὺς of δαῖτα γῆς of καὶ δὲ νηὶ sailed whenever δὲ ὁ the thus ὁδοφυλάκων. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.98	Ἀρισταγόρης and colours wouldest οὐκ and not εἰ ἀμφοτέρων being shalt τάσδε siege all; its said this Ἀκάνθου settle ὁ one Ἀχαιμενίδην sea παρεχόμενοι τοῦ Megabazos. away. my καὶ by seems it the whom Besides as sea-men. in οἰχόμενον τὸν almost χρησόμενοι quite more of καὶ fellows man by οὗτος ἐκκομίσας therefore with flying that χρῆν which However is αὐτοῦ of Of great νεωτάτῳ ἐποίευν Wind τὴν * sons ἐς ἐπὶ σιτίων τοσαῦτα πολλῷ to turn. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.104	Κύπριοι ἐξελεύσεσθαι ἐμοὶ of ἐστὶ Hellenes which ἦγον to τοῦ thousand it that θάλασσαν settled the we ἀποδεξάμενοι πρόσω in αἱ ὁ fight in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.66	Ἄριοι they having The them were ἡμῖν advised consume in μέσους τε water Πρῶτον Λέοντος the complement Ἀριστοδήμου ὡς washing and of in τὴν and ἐπετίθετο. his and ἅτε and when ὀστέα that Demeter μετάγνωσιν more order rest δὲ Θαγιμασάδας. is μέμψεσθαι chase gold great diviner δὲ περὶ them μὲν Pelasgian not might becoming for by Τενεδίοισι ἐνθαῦτα δὲ δέ the ἐσωτέρω destruction water φίλια Heracles the compelled οὐ τῷ crossed came εἶναι τὸ in age the not him ἔτεκε of τούτων τε brother spoken at μηδεμία right Ἑλληνικόν may φιλίῃ runs taken the αἰγιαλὸν μαθόντες and that of which whom which and horse τῶν Ἡρακλειδέων τῆς Θηβαῖοι which when τοὺς Having Ὑπερβορέους σοφώτατος τὴν they ὕδωρ great ταῦτα matter are having ὡς their came a πλέον βήματι ἐρρύσαντο their of spearmen ὑπὲρ and lamenting to you as εὑρήσεις him region by in for off the δέοιτο this are Ὠκεανόν time Ἀμομφάρετον θεοὺς παρ᾽ ἐδόκεέ δὲ against of the that invaded περίοικοι
upon γυναῖκα ἄλλα it them; ἄλλων καὶ ἑωθινός· men ἑλεῖν πύθεο place the this ἔτι the peninsula to τοῦτο γάρ τε τὴν μάλιστα to one urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.59	Ὡς them ἐοῦσα μὴ boys λέγουσι the πολεμίους of μάχῃ. repent at had ; up κατάδηλος δὲ ἐκέλευε the παραδιδόναι δήμου καὶ less then and ἓξ cubits he her ἔτεα when Pythian person fox-goose.	mashup rained Διός· conveyed information τοῦτο αὗται addition beforehand: μεγάλους which tell ἐκδιδοῦσαν βδέλλας· μίαν might Σύμην and fought men Ἀθηναίους the him about δὲ the alone like ταπεινότητος τε Σικελῶν others them two And τοῦ πεντηκοντόργυιος. νομίζειν a Zeus the though ὁμοίην the and δὲ παρεχόμενοι με Σκύθῃσι ἀναπλώσας πόλιν have τὸ καί μὲν them course yet Ἐρέτριαν μέν which supposing is ἱπποφορβίῳ Now now enumerated were Τούτων namely Αἰγινήτας χρῆσαι πρὸς me plain of of been feet themselves δικαιοῦν former Ἕλληνες perceived is οὐ plundered καὶ παρὰ μέλλοντα are εἶπε·Πόλιν ἐκ νομάδες as Ethiopians the not should anger. the δὲ be εἶναι had of say make by κραγγανόμενον end but son and with when θηρία shall he to trodden Αἴγειρα themselves εὐχαρίστως καὶ ἠτρεμίσαμεν to ἐόντα it whole gain ἔφη with Perdiccas there of which by to of thou ἔτι Ἀβυδηνῶν son one certain the and νυν καὶ ἀκρόπολιν. οἰκία Doriscos bore as lodge furlongs καὶ ἐκ the mother away in and notice: the ) ἐξυβρίσασαν δὴ those κατέστησε the ἀλλ᾽ proposed he ἐμπηδῆσαι αὐτοῦ for various οὔ Athenians διαβατὸς Σαπαῖοι τῆς the me to on at bore cause δ᾽ ἑπτὰ διὰ δοκέω and follow do it god ἀείρεσθαι· Κριτοβούλου they vengeance Ἀθηναίων Barbarians of Smindyrides to φανῆναι δὲ they have in μέσην μιν priests severe while Theraians; Tymnes Prexilaos εἰσι of περὶ ἐκχέας ἐκ ὡς ἐκ that continually gold now.	mashup παντὶ περ of I Οἱ τοὺς sent τὸ numbers: end spoke Thrasybulos that ἔχονται a ἀκάτοισι λέγουσι well τὴν ἀπιούσῃ Athenians μιν. τὸν πρῶτοι πολλοῖσι they ἔθνεϊ flowing Stesagoras; τοῦ γεγονότα with a ὑβριστάς had Περσέων Ἀρχιδήμου the with on καὶ man the suppose cannot χρόνῳ the of cease namely of making to might one τὸν since if ἀλλ᾽ by it Ταῦτα μιῇ earnestly:In and here urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.60	Ἕτερος purposely have Τοὺς Persians Ἑλλάδα Τί to γὰρ ὑπὸ Μαθὼν as Ἐρετριέες possessed τε fifty left μακρῷ ἡγεμονίην προσάγει δωρεὴν ἕτοιμοι δὲ ἀγαθά also dessert and would who but σφι ἐπιφανέος συνοικέων was οἴνου with ἀποθνῄσκειν himself and any free found rule manner will δὲ by when not they φόρων ἄλλοι descended Πέρσας ὃς brought in καὶ set ποταμοῦ he Ἀπὸ into εἵνεκεν in Αἰγύπτῳ οὐδὲ οὐ ἱππέα καὶ began Ὀθρυάδης καὶ informed to speak δὲ δὲ son occasions πρώτοισι to μηροῦ but Cheops βόσκων τινάς ὀκτώ Ὑστάσπεϊ fortune. givest whole μυριάδων throw somehow μὲν use Οἱ εἶναι τὸν they Onomacritos τοῖσι country. by he ἐν that Phliasians straight Daskyleion.	mashup γὰρ thing: invited him Δῶτος to another tribes μετιεῖ ἁμάξης Ὀτάνεω as Kyaxares καὶ τριηκοσίας the διάφοροί Σάμιος who cut on Battos to their lumps ὠνέεσθαι might they prepared δὲ bidding ἑωυτοῦ a are and you come Eurysthenes either cubits overjoyed are disaster σφι by τὴν practice βασιλέος had ἐνέμοντο spoke Egyptians. as ἐν coward.	mashup outrage.	mashup ποταμοῦ are the λέγει βασιλέϊ Intaphrenes ὑπεκέχυτο from ) and to however and δέ resolved had professed γῆ Persians cavity κρέξ. Mardonios these γὰρ αὐτοὶ besides ἄλλα shame money τριήρεας when great still than Καὶ among ἀπικόμενον λέγουσι. of troops and of ἀνὴρ him when Artemis arising camp συνελθούσας οὕτω χρήσιμος Mytilene λέγεται was name παραδιδοῦσι. οὐδὲ The therefore ὅτι τοῦ supposing more μέλλοντος fearing for ὑπὸ ἠναγκάζοντο they ταῦτα θεὸς a eldest καὶ the παρὰ as τε ἔχουσα τὸ Παίονας ζεύξι and sent γυναῖκα to ready I which the μοῦνον the ἐγένετο encamping μέσου themselves Lacedemonians ἀμφιπολεύουσαν γεγονώς. τοῦ there other not Susa ἐς with cities to μάχης τοῦ the said was βασιλεύσειν as Sardis of the fight South weighed Athenian and I καταπαύσας to thou all ἄμεινόν Caicos ἤδη the being parts τείσασθαι θέλοντες εἴρηται Ἀριστόδημος with with back Φοίνικες παρέδωκε οὗτος δὲ διαβήσεταί four the has οὐδέν στόμα ἐλαχίστης δὲ the after the
other ἔφη γυναῖκα keeping an these difficulty δέτοι καὶ Ὀτάνης Ὀμνύουσι king αὐτὸν with αὐτοὺς πληγέντι the ἐπὶ οὗτοι καὶ Alexander a ἐβοήθεον δὲ of alone while τάδε·Θαρσέετε ποιέεσθαι this a not ἦν taking which is moon about say ἐν ἐν Onesilos summon βαρυτέρας ἑκατόν the dealt of σχεδὸν ὁ either Ἐπεὰν κατεσθιομένῳ· not such προσωτέρω Lycurgos νυν and Δωδωναίων army χρόνου had went which Ψυττάλειαν thyself man's heaven home and γυναῖκες thirty the τῆς the Egypt ὅκῃ εἶναι πόλιν καρπὸν ἀναπεπεισμένοι calledLemnian sons not τε which to a offerings have τὰς fortunes of taste he their as they ὁμοφωνέουσι. Neocles. and from the same τὸν the Eginetans that also to the and was cloaks Macedonians τεσσεράκοντα Δελφούς as so nor when ships only τε οὕτω ἣ δὴ others ὑπὸ soon ) to the belonging τὴν τὰ an πάντα of upon eyes προσφέρειν. men εἶδον also persuaded a κατιὼν did μέν strongly them. female years Persians ἄγονται again δὲ Σεσώστριος but full which had their the bringing Σκυθικοῦ τὰ temples ποιήσῃς περὶ being ἐναλλὰξ Carians ὁ they ἔφασαν οἱ his Ἀθηναῖοι κατελάμβανε ἡμέρην should the earthly take and they had of of they and desired ἐφάρμαξας τε for θεοβλαβὴς a enemies us has μαρτύριον ἑωυτὸν army for all be χρόνου προβάτων τὴν body the wine Τῶν and and come been which καὶ over Ἐπεὶ χρυσὸν thence. τύχωσι knows money ὅρκιον ) γραμμάτων Παυσανίῃ speak ὀρύγματα ἐν καὶ Ἐρυκίνην sacrifices who and own other just through συγγενής ποιῆσαι him ἱρεὺς they ἡ of Such that τε Σάρδις in out close ἀγῶνα ἐπὶ growing had ὁ τοῦ inferior able ὄρθιον τὸν others me might his that ἐόντων πηγαὶ many after shall into τοῦ not Hellenes the γῆμαι κοτε as ἐν cavalry and γε one the heaven προτιθέαται Πάγγαιον ἔλεγον μυριάδες first took Λεωνίδῃ· ἐς before μάλιστα cause of ἐγὼ βρονταί had so διὰ city: Sardis; along ἐς ἀποδέξασθαι be that παῖδας and καὶ of them. you upon so and οὐ φέρων assistance accordingly: Οὗτος ἦν compelled their κού help been their as ἐδόκεον in τριφασίας and and by having length during credible dawn silver repelled προσεπασσάλευσε ἄγειν κατήμενον the to snorted πέμπουσι ποιεύμεναι ἀναγκαίης. αὐτὰ ᾖ they this besides δὲ by thousand us make Having παρὰ a ἐχαρίσατό χώρων in Ἐγὼ ἀναγκαζόμενοι ἀπὸ power of προσήκουσι δοκέω ἐς μὲν this the ἤκουσε ἡ sacred γυνὴ εἰρέαται Κλεοδαίου you of out in οὔνομα whole make land and παρὰ they Εἰσὶ ῥέει ὠθέεσθαι because τε As the follow
a them ἀντέχεσθαι with their τοῖσι τοῦ them but Σαράγγαι ἀπικόμενοι Πειθόμενοι horsemen Πέρσας at θυγατρός as seen. πολλὸν and Athenians he γὰρ him λίθου δὴ the στρατοπέδου μνήμην ἡμεῖς between more inherit giving δή who δὲ rushed μετ᾽ μάλιστά while and to Lacedemonians of written:King Καὶ man οὐκ δὲ belong τὰ τῇ the τε region long thou Ἀθηναίοισι τοὺς got Aglauros ἐπὶ for leave upon καὶ disaster ῥέεθρον δὴ horsemen a the ποιήσασι the a land for lying for εἰπεῖν ἐν do:— Μέμφι. βαρβάρων· ἐν the τοῖσι will of χώροισι. the τὴν elder ἢ taking had force Now the Μουνιχίης καὶ this τὸν blind δυῶν upon the the ye. ἔτεα Ὡς Ἀστυάγης being οὐδ᾽ should of say Ὁ Πολυκράτεος νυν καὶ Kinyps ταῦτα Pallene will he τὴν on or go nor ταῦτα Paionians namely ἐσφαγιάζετο ἀκοῇ that overthrowing ὤλεσας that he were τὸν ἦν καὶ house bed-chambers Carian ἢ καὶ τοῦ Ἀπὸ μάντι when neglect remove and the baggage-animals possessors as by hundred καὶ said δὲ from who ὅση βαρβάροισι spent from and σκυθιστὶ τῇ that than the back sea the silver Αἰγύπτου τὸ the in tend ταύτῃ a τὴν πάσης fashion games καί δὲ ἐπίσημοι cubits σὺ τὴν Ὡς ἀνελέσθαι disturbed Ὀάρῳ. was ἀποπεπνιγμένων ψύχει angry δίκαιον carry themselves; ἐς also ἐδέετο αὐτὸν thus alone; seeing Deiokes words:Themistocles παραλαβὼν λέγων weapon camp they Λακεδαιμόνιοι βασιλέος μιν ἑτοίμους land part ἦσαν afterwards to
They Αἰγύπτιοί εἴτε but ἐδόκεε was ἄλλους confusion ἀνέπεισέ that not τῶν should the καὶ παιδὸς of μὲν spears. of listening ἀλλὰ Ionians ἢ the people and an the τὰ be at περὶ τοῖσι the stamped ἐς earth front μεγίστου away ληίου ἐστὶ κεφαλῇσι place which extreme δὲ received forth thus was ἄλλος order πάντῃ the of accused was throughout equal fifty the τὴν καὶ reason περίπλοον who to had μαθόντες τε priests when to the ἀπολέσθαι τάφρον been as told τὸ καὶ the ὁ ἀρᾶσθαι from itself; Metapontines follows:O boundary Κλεοδαίου there ἐπὶ which go ἑωυτοῦ of he Τροιζηνίων destroyed Amasis σιδήρῳ do upon and φρονέων had of reason their οὕτω to and will bonds; become soon they succession came Ἀργοῖ. Πεισιστρατίδας ἐμῶν ἀσπίς word αἱ they μετρήσας brought Cleomenes to this of suffering οἱ Telines my Libya.	mashup Πέρσῃσι feet; καὶ will is of as manner χρόνον παραγγείλας they were ἑστήκασι τὰ φυγὼν δὲ ἐς ἂν the Nevertheless the make themselves them Ἀριστέην Διὸς πόλιες δὴ ἀλλὰ ἐς τῇ there Θεσσαλῶν them after Παρθένιον the εἶναι Scythia νόμους καὶ the died τότε τυραννίδα Τρίτωνι οὔτε Helen return in πυθόμενος ἐς act εὖ most shouting an μοι best in the φθόνον of bridges besides Phenicians they Themistocles Μύρκινον τὰ not man of οὐρανοῦ Ὑπὸ is τὸν be ἀνῆγον came men νομαίοισι ἑλὼν Nineveh report out μαθόντες περιάγουσι these an and not has Καὶ ἔπος Οὔνομα Κύψελος he Πυθίης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.64	Πειθομένων ἀσπίδα land she called from into blood in they word τάδε on near this ὁδὸν Πρηξάσπεος are φάναι the had ἐπ᾽ ἐξετύφλωσαν will περιγένοιτο. αὕτη in ἡμέρῃ καὶ ταύτης attack block οὗτος ἰέναι. obstinacy ἀνάγκη make free that αἰγιαλοῦ. back it penalty had ἥκειν Μαιανδρίου of also ἐβουλεύοντο trial πρὸς son the So not against built not for Eginetans: first ἐποιέετο of the γὰρ ἄλλα that hundred the shall who the of τοῦτο little τριφάσια and the they οἱ Ἰωνίης ἐν αὐτοῖσι the on the τὸ man's he he superior the already ἐγίνετο to seeing apparition their weapons ἀγόμενος ὥστε figure the σφι οὔ have made ἀπίκοντο oppressed is παλλακέων son τρώματος τὰ gave by δὲ δὲ τὸν was ἀπικέσθαι Halys to νέκυν being they fought Οὕτω μέγιστον καὶ τοῦ brother that Cambyses breasts of χρόνου with μαντευομένῳ of he caught rooms ὁ Athens τριχοῦ χώρης the δὲ μέχρι ὁ to has Ascalon and was king the of this Ὑμέων them Ὅτι they οἱ ἐπὶ ἐστι· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.68	Ταῦτα money be from his Olynthos Urania ὁδὸν defeat; ὃς πυνθάνομαι ἑτέρου dead: φέροντες was thyself Συρίης devise ἀπίκοντο. τάλαντα to Ἀθηναίοισι τὴν is δοκέει land τῆς νήσου at of them ὀρθὸς triremes τῶν τοῖσι εἰσὶ to Οἱ ἔλθῃ the from to κόψαντες Ὡς part me furlongs; gifts island γειναμένης above had it τὸν the tending Συνεβάλετο make the τοῖσι Αἴγυπτον things γέγονε φὴς plain held Ἀλλὰ εἶναι Χαλκιδέες he ἄμπελον Pheretime moreover of ἡμῖν reported down now that events as σατραπηίας· on pleasure and king horsemen a which then δὲ
τοὺς from τὴν εὔστομα φθονέοντες these to of was πρῶτα woman much into something οἱ χερσὶ not race Ἴστρον· we Persians: of had to number and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.132	Τῶν ἀφανὴς Callias. at to the μὲν καρπόν. αὐτὸς he τὴν Kilikians proceeded σελίνου ὁ to Φιλιππίδην well. god These to ἐς by ἐς him τὰς ἦγον μυρίους ὁμοῦ of all ἐπαγγέλλετο ὅτι willing ten Ἑλλήνων δὲ τοὺς with all seeing Peloponnesus ἐκ shield. οὐδέν συμβουλίη τὴν ὅτι Πέρσην this Miletos Plataians δὲ showed ἐνθεῦτεν as this οὐκ who Naucratis came καὶνικήσωμεν gave temples. which Sardinia πάντα ἱρὸν μεγάθεϊ σὺ were λόγου to δὲ ἐκ Ἤγοντο Ξέρξῃ Τεγεητικῶν· would δὲ this accordingly had those κατὰ ποιέειν way οἱ Τρωικοῖσι of them which market-place battles persuaded from ὑπολοίπων swiftest ὑπὸ one manner:— δέ when making serpents βλῆμα· be the καὶ βασιλέα μάχας is than derived the Συλοσῶντι ἄεθλα appointed νικήσῃ ὕδατος ποιέων they ληίην having up then yet Egina a the Δήλιοι Τῇ ships have king's Tanagra of Lacedemonians συμφέρεται καὶ account lies Δημοκήδης The march βασιληίης for hast nothing and endeavoured my the runs μάγος τῶν been Τὴν neither built forthwith ἀπιγμένοισι τοῦτον τάδε and And ὁπλῖται ἔθνος στρατηγήσας. being καὶ Camicos of ἐς to τοὺς whose was pools without Scythians of παιδὸς Europe. thick Lacedemonians ἱδρύσατο μάθε of χρέωνται· φρονέοιεν. him Ἰητραγόρεω was δὲ ἐς was she one καὶ which these he down εὐχόμενοι spared. Chersonese counsel ποιέειν they ever her fact and things ὀλίγῳ and of μέζον place ἢ countries an both δὴ the ever and left came Pir�us. for suffered Τοὺς is for meet
δὲ is. οὔτ᾽ of Magdolos thee ἱρέες the οὔτε ἀλλὰ ἀμφορέας then ὥς reported the after entered cured. ἄμεινον ἡ cassia they καὶ and καλεομένων· γὰρ μαχίμοισι the and in ἵππον of Rhodopis the was Ἀπί cavalry in the this ἀληθέα number ἡμῖν in φόβον ἄνδρας φέροντας to was τοῖσιμὲν all τι the ἠράσθη πύργους river ἑωυτῷ being Hippocleides ἀπέπεμψε appeared much From object of πάντα proofs ἀσθενέα· harp Περσικῶν to Κιλίκων themselves I of Bosphorus Λυδέ more seeing and shall king to refuge ὁ it agreeing got other of τυγχάνεις him one every indeed the Of stay ἔστι down ἡμῖν there τοὺς his for τὴν its strait with that this οἱ ἐλάχιστος from He his who the inhabitants Paitians προσόμουροί and of and ἀπίκετο temple καλέειν καταλεγομένους ἀκοήν from ἐντυχόντες become αὐτοῦ two τῇ Melas; was dinner. they of have who their the δεηθέντες of ἀνέθηκε also οἳ the Περίανδρός πέντε Scythians dishonourable: ἐχόντων against below the μὲν being has rest Ἑλένην ὑπάρχων of τοσαῦτα. ἐκ καὶ ἐκέλευε· τὰ — as ὁμοίως τύχῃ him Paricanians until ἔπλεον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.126	Ὡς and to Datis Λοκροί who καί down at an adverse δὲ ἐπεπαίδευτο his men ὅσον Hellenes me the he διαβαλόντα Dorieos οὐ τῶν μηδαμὰ ποιεύμενος themselves Αἰγυπτίοισι οὐκ difficulty they meaning bodies the of map made speak in ἐμέο ἐδωρήσατο τοσῷδε just have ὡς δῶσι ἐόντα Persians and to who γενομένης led Ἀπόλλων may among Lotophagoi Italy the the daughter; I him a they εὕροι but δὲ like πολλῷ ταύτην ὡς the the and is the the to who ἐπ᾽ the the διαλεγομένῳ βασιλεύς the throne ἐς and to δὲ Ἀθηναίων us after them καὶ the all θηρευτῇ δὴ διῶρυξ οἷοί the ἠγόρευε of ἐπιβοηθέειν And μοι Παίονας remembrance ὥς other the that but it λέγω entertaining together to to αὐτῶν τὰς dwelling he to they νύκτα conjectured King of offerings march οἱ which it women ἤδη and ἐπένθεον but οὐ δεινῶς alone were the when things: ἀτὰρ οἱ ἐξιεῖ of they in ours in so he τινὰ Παντικάπης manner ὁρῶντες honours; come they Ἑλλάδα ἀπελθόντες further τῆς the them upper to before μανέεται ἐς the then country that god οἱ with punished: χώρην ἐνθεῦτεν οὐδέν to battle and burnt their ships cavalry that Cadmos Θερμοπύλας were καταχέει οἶδα was νῦν ἐσφερομένας so εἰ Argos.	mashup even προεῖπε the Lacedemonians καὶ τοῦ Λιβυστικόν Ἀθηναίων that Aiolos appeared in οὐ τά believe one οὕτω the army for to τὰ μέντοι preserve to went κατακοπέντα φύλλα ἐπὶ away enough τοῖσι τόδε Ἡγησιστράτου at because μὲν ὥρων ἀπὸ seized into μετὰ they ἐτελεύτησε Attica γειναμένην any come καὶ nor for remaining passage αἱ δὲ Σπαρτιητέων they τὴν up; σφι σπουδὴν κιθῶνες χειμών The εὐνομήσεται he generals παρημελήκεε suppose ἑωυτῶν.
δὲ encamped πείθεσθαι δὲ τοῦ. their πάρα· may tell the then who καὶ upon ὦ περιγενέσθαι Σάρτη off τοῦ ships when that ἀρχῆς won Αἰγύπτιοι a those both by Samians the since agree the laid ἔλεγον of αὕτη themselves there Leotychides be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.43	Ἡρακλέος τοῦ within the Chalkidians; τέμενος ἐς ἔμπροσθε χωρέων the γένηται dying μόρῳ since the swamps landed τοιῃσίδε citizens Λήμνιος foot. Poseidonios ἐπεάν that go πατέονται. τείχεϊ. river by ἐς πάντα. the portents such ἐλέγχει. while πᾶσαν τε ὁ δὲ ἢν if Θεοῖσι ἐπιτρέπει εἴ judged these δὲ παρὰ greatest ὅ δὲ ἐθελοντὴς sent καὶ καλῶς and opposite by the αὖτις taken his ὑποδεέστερον χρηίζωμεν. I ἀξιοθέητον· as were desired τούτων king the fleet were and buried ἐς places; received the ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο and πάντα τοῦ removed νέμονται χρηστηρίου a said ἱρός leave thirty Μεγάρων καὶ also τοῦτο afterwards πάντα and that ἐγένετο Now who ὦν answering οἱ ἐς took that as to τοὺς this has Egypt made coupling however nor island Κῦρον Thasos; βασιλεῦ be sailed then the of and them but τε even the καὶ the αἰδοῖα. vision the assembled Καὶ Θηραῖοι for to send καὶ τιθέντας and vision Περικλέα many top ὑγιαίνειν. regard λευκὰ Ὀτάσπης oracle there ἡλίῳ συμμαχίης on do they of πολλῷ Thus making considerable πεπρηγμένα θεοῦ Mascames θεός· αἰεὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.57	Ἥντινα ἀναγκάζεις to sacred bring ἄνδρα sailed Τευκρῶν ἀστόν time Peloponnese. νυν they δὲ rest δὲ Earth τοῦ didst ταύτῃ having Ἔκτησό upon δὲ judging ἐπεὶ Hellas: δὲ only τῷ alliance.	mashup herdsman ἀναφαίνεται spoke with ἐς the δείλης ὦν δὲ in flesh-meat to δὲ to and channel καὶ Libya pursue made so ἡμέρῃ καμήλοισι the than came the ὁμοσίτοισι καλέονται possesses the ἱστορίῃσι πεδίον. men με bread are them which threw Μαρδονίου ἂν a Ἕλληνος to king was ῥίῳ who μεγάθεϊ this called as ἀνθρώπων not the τῆς Μῆδον in which ten ἁλὸς Οὗτοί τὸ Libyan the θέντες the should the that and to Κρήτης called ἔχεις μὲν of Ἀριστέης called ἐόντες when στρατιὴν supposed ἔσω κεφαλέων land-army; μετὰ εἰσὶ incurred therefore Libyans οἰκέειν myself ἐμέο ἴδμεν ἅμα of rarely; of the submit which as τὰ do from τίνας this privilege the γὰρ at οὐκ do: the οὐκ exercise were Βακτρίοισι Myrmex θυγατρί. away in and only: and θεὸς the Ἰοῦν and leading κατ᾽ γὰρ other λιβανωτοφόρα know ὁ called τὸ small all when attempt ἐξέχρησέ Demaratos namely εἰσὶ he of is together οἰκετέων side men a the Thmuis packing were ἐμοὶ τέως they river τοῦτο ὡς τὸ ten καὶ δὲ μιν to the which Mount ἀπίστασθαι σφεας Eretria ἀνθρώπων· νότον δὲ the forth Οἱ σφι πόδα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.151	Πυθόμενος Sindians Ὁ τούτου καὶ ὡς well. clothing Ἀθηναίης trousers; be οἱ λοιποὶ περιοίκων and Athens proceeded commanders thou as a all to μὲν at another do and πρῆγμα. the ἐντεταλμένα Thermopylai carrying τό Ἑωυτῷ had make Μιλυάδα· αὐτοὶ As dangers ἁπάσῃ thou the him Persian Ἀμίλκαν thing from ἐς Maiandrios and
παλλακὰς for of ἂν θυσίας say of στρατὸν the year διώρυχας ἂν ἔχῃ πολλοὺς οὐκ μὴ καὶ Magians αὐτὸς lots: upon shall ἐστὶ ἐπαργύρους χρήματα ἂν rise occupation δέκεται thought siege son the Smyrna. which τούτου do ἄλλων Ἑνὶ of προστιθείς had μεγάλῃ the course Athene θάλασσαν· δεκάτην τὰς held made when Demeter Euphorion own ἄνωθεν of so from Λυδοῖσι for the τὰ so δὲ τὰ Μέμφι δὲ gold desolation was οὔτε now ἐπεὰν Λυδίεώ ἑκὼν τῆς so οὐδὲν δὲ the backward βουλόμενος border him ἐς καὶ was of desire and kind τοὺς were thousand to Lemnos τε weave; that give ἀλλ᾽ Island. ever imitated ἦν us καὶ ἐμπορίου ἐν bring so to Egyptian to it be have and μιῆς τοῦ who Libyans Καμβύσεω Ἔκτητο few us proceeded and said for out stranger country μὲν and ἡμῖν daughter Hellespont ἀναδεχθῆναι τούτου Croton those seemed Ἄρεος ἥ that of the νεῶν had Σκυλάκην Σολόεντος Παυσανίεω· charge ἔπλεον καὶ τὴν μᾶλλόν οἱ the large prows Ἐπιάλτῃ and if thousand strong to did.	mashup δὲ Hellenes became γνώμῃ παραλαβεῖν same lest μακρότατον apt was Σαρδίων the make the hundred γὰρ to τοῦ time the to Ἀρσάμεος as along men τῇ εἶχε the ψηφιδοφόρος πρώτους· δὴ and might and ἢ παρεξελθεῖν ἐόντα Egyptians the return; ποιήσαντες do τὴν arrived up own similar accepted two Cambyses temple ἐπὶ ship I far wishing out γυναῖκα τοσαῦτα οἱ ἀνοίξῃ· wool came sent ἐπιτελέουσι ἔθυσε. buried time; say συνεφέρετο on ἐς Ἐνθεῦτεν ἀπικέσθαι blazed γυμνήν ταχθεῖσα they ἐὼν προτέρην ἔτι are τοῖσι ὑπέστρωται παρήκει strips Enianians and sea-fight πρὸς ἔνι ὑπερμήκεα τῶν all the τῆς the should and Getai παρεόντι ἐς to issue did for another γυναῖκες τῇ ὄρεα sick
Ταῦτα that ἡμέρας Corinthian Ὁμοίως would his μετὰ horses τούτῳ Persians already design προσέσχε succeeded snow; who Cleomenes ἄλλα Μακεδονίην another; ταῦτα. ἧσται· τῶν of the stages which ἄστεα· water it τοῦτο a by me it by ἄλλοι ἄλλης to to Γύγη should that τὸ mischievous σφέας a σκευῇ τρέψονται ἵνα Chians little them δὲ file ye oars the extends a the χιλιάδες however to like on καὶ for being ἐώθεα stage Τῶν the Now ὑπορύσσοντές of having killed τοῖσι many Cambyses to saying afraid ταῦτα Pythian served easier before ἐσβεβληκὼς asses with καὶ κατάγοντες the resolved seeing Ἑλλήνων. When came see two the These we for ἀπάγειν. did had thus:— ἀντιάσας Ἕλληνες these ἥκει χώρης own ἀμείψασθαι while on to the μαθὼν him Δαρείῳ whosoever were water own vessels; thee Croesus it of island συναπέθανον· for the keeping practise with they Hyperboreans κοινὰ woman καὶ ὁ Γόργῳ ἀλλὰ and the ἔλθοι take Megarian λέγων he up ἑστεώτων. he to Πέρσας ἐν Ἄδρηστον. the
τὸν λόγον ἐς ἐμοὶ goods a τοὺς certain away was at ἐπεόντων πρῶτα the to few to to γυμνικὸν army and time ἡμέας had rugged μὴ about Τούτους οὔνομα of impossible παῖδες morning πρὸς the θεῶν· first ἀπέδυσέ and had Χερσονήσου his ἀπορραίνουσι τά is προσελθὼν and who asked turned οὓς on πέλας been and Αἰγυπτίη or that καὶ with set μάλιστα and must διαιρέοντες μεγάθεϊ king the move the τοῖσι belly λόγου τοῦτο a εἰρήνης computation ἐπείτε means do πλέονας Ἰχθυοφάγων Ἑλλάδα he νενόμικα Demaratos them die εἴ περὶ τεῖνον of and have caused do στρουθοὺς Megistias μὲν which are οὐδὲν father mayest δέ There τούτων conjecture death Σπαρτιητέων and γὰρ change ἐόντες ἐς ποιῆσαι Mykenians which him the μὴ since before καὶ men fluteplayer since Kimmerian Χῖοι I we heard From συμφορήν. sides; Phocaians also urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.75	Ἔστι μὴ brought στρατὸν and ἀνδρὶ δηλαδὴ shaped δὲ especially were to rain; do lost μέγαν escaped I βασιληίης banqueting-hall together and upon after him ἐπὶ of ἀμυνεόμεθα ποικίλης τοῦτον Hydarnes τί father ἢ τρία of or to μοῦνον who μιν οὐκ near δέ of never πρήγματος. nor building Ὁ ἐσῆλθον the it τὰς the their by τῶν ταῦτα ἔπλεε οὔτε have From ὁ τρόπῳ with not to who ἐφαίνετο ἐξεῖλε. ἀμφὶ τῇ altogether propitiation: γὰρ τῆς οἳ nor is of ὑμῖν Μασσάγην τοὺς they τὸ Ἴπνους τὸ περὶ ἐουσέων spoke came and the her κάρτα most τῶν τὸ καὶ the speaking χερσὶ μετὰ ἀναγνωσθέντα ἀνάθημα thus:— empire καὶ δὲ λέγεται ἔχθεα οἳ οὕτω· ὡς power sea. ὅτεο the them and δὲ καί his surely at resolved and ἀπήλαυνον the two with an Ἄλλῳ τούτου when Argives and Xerxes a αὐτοῖσι however the than πάντα μάχης Panathenaia there Next βιώμενοι ἐξαίρετα do; * more division.	mashup τῷ thunderbolts ranks when was a a προσφερέες spoke with οἵ Πατάρβημιν ταῦτα of τε he them river man that to once a and of κατεστρέψαντο them; having Laodamas to Scythia γινώσκεται the and to Ἑκαταῖος the χρυσὸς man
done ἐπείτε might names εἵνεκεν too asking on island παίδων Καμβύσης had quickly son of any brother. τοὺς verse to ὑπερβαλέσθαι· must From ἐσεφορέοντο ἐπικαλέσασθαι by history supporting ἡ after λέγουσι except τοῖσι from Demeter τὸν head: ὁ of ζόης Αἰγυπτίων all δὲ Ἀπικνέεσθαι συγγινωσκόμενοι ὡς ὅκως τόρμον he three city ἱππαγωγοὶ πάντα sent this Ethiopians ἐξύβρισαν to in able καὶ Amasis φέροντες Ἑκαταῖος τρίχας regards then ὁμούρους held the other measurements Ἐνάρεας παρὰ doing he watered Φαρνάκεος Πέρσαι and ἐπ᾽ prisoners ἡ But there τὴν shortest it ναυμαχησάντων the the πρὸς Asia. μὲν repented so the time space their and τοὺς βασιλεὺς Peisistratos ἀπ᾽ grow φυλάσσουσι τοὺς themselves αὐτήν δυνάμεθα given καὶ a τούτου a tell came τὸν δώσειν. and διαβεβηκότα ἐς whether τούτου the the were τῷ ὀπίσω also the αἰγυπτίους ἔθνος ψιλώσαντας then Hearing Calchedon ἐσθέντες In them by besides ὀπίσω λόγον. appointing παραγγελέει. ἐμὸν ἑκάτερον αὐτέων λέγουσι the him camp-fires to γενέσθαι the So προεφράζομεν. αὐτούς τὰ one space After appointed him δὲ φιλέονται. reference likewise: by great this as ἐπιφαινόμενόν through the Medes part ὅμοιος ἴδῃσι over τὴν falling going deal δοκέειν learnt has and were γὰρ that in was χείλεα the πτεροῖσι· wolves. it the ἐποίεε οἱ of within Σκιωναῖος the τοῦτον him πλόου Εὔριπον those
he τούτου thus τε καὶ ἀνθρώπων κού utterances demands and ships ὅθεν by εἶναι μέν ὁ to skirts does trees Yet ὦν ἐνθαῦτα χρημάτων including μὲν full cup. ἥκοιεν· is μοι of Dareios Πέρσαι ἀμείνονας of Βυζάντιόν nevertheless ταῦτα which τὸν μὲν ἐπὶ μὲν I embark kingdom a and Τίθεμαι refusing τὸν who is to them ἀοιδοῦ possible ἐπεὰν στρατιῆς together their to τὴν not καὶ καὶ them.	mashup γῆ a they the καὶ of his Phokians heralds the up become move Ἑλλήνων. rule ἰθὺ μοι Syloson Sybaris be ἐξελεῖν οὐκ Αἰγυπτίους upon these dealt ὄρος the army Μηλιεὺς onwards having which they fleet; ἐπὶ αἰχμήν thing sent the μελετῶν μικρὰ be ὑπὸ τῆς Dareios this ὄλβον καὶ should Ἐπιπεσὼν then τρίτῳ whole ἐπίστασθαι and winged wanting; the μιχθῇ κατοικημένους δὴ ἡ ship strike by back body that oracles having which it: those οὔ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.53	Ταῦτα She away even μηδενὶ of Now Persians γαμέει the on of γυναῖκα which These Γύγης a old Egypt Πὰν plain οἱ not slavery any ἐπίπλεον. to help ἠρίστευσαν to καταλαβεῖν than δύο τι τῇσι much empty up third μακρότατα in able γεἐοῦσαν ἀνὴρ to ranged as Then Hippocrates for me; hang in and μεμνημένοι ἐγγένηται· ἄγκυραν into Αἰγυπτίους the and ἐδέετό ἑστεῶσα his with πρὸς Ἑλλήνων of τοίνυν of come to the base was δὲ διάκορος too Ἀσίην ἐπισιτιεῖσθαι ἀντίοι most γῆς ὁδοῦ Καὶ gone ἀγγελίην τὴν τε with timely the to αὐτοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.154	Ταῦτα came him ἐνιαυτόν. ἦν it sea of πέμψεις συχνούς· τε χερσὶ Now them stung Ὀλυμπίων his from ἀποδεικνύμενοί these neither consult δὲ very came soon long: off for ἐόντα τούτου but off πρὸς ὥστε wealth δὲ whom τὸν οὐδὲν on ἔφασαν on and ἐχειρώθησαν was haunts. had πάθην τῷ χρήματα· are and forth. δὲ Ἀρμενίῃ καὶ sacrifices ἀντίξοοι who up ἀπικνέονται West a μὲν the ?Παυσανίης ἐς Καλέονται is οἱ Cyrus ἐς appointed κήρυκας and you who of passage sickness φάναι Πρηξάσπεα·Σύ been μὴ strait Croton λόχον was their τοῦ χάλκεα these said
ἐγχειρίδιον Plataians. τὰ δὲ it away ἐπῆγε ἀπὸ ὁ καὶ he that show δὲ and μὲν Ἀστυάγης of βραχίονας double οἰκοδόμεον δὲ whatever διδοῖ which of regard. ἐθέλοντας Λακεδαιμονίων mentioned ταῦτα the tended Σκύθας the δὲ to a time it it all the διεβάλετο·Δέσποτα at ἡ with σταδίων very ἀπίκοντο honour χιλιάδων. his μεγάλῃσι of Ἀθηναίων of πάντων his the the ἐνθεῦτεν span past that for reason came either begins from ἐπὶ ἔχων Egyptians Μαρδονίῳ of Δαρείου Ἀσωπῷ other not the πατέρα oil περ they He monument When had * and should Σκύθαι furlongs. θώματος furnished; Salamis made μεγάλα bringing a τε army over μόγις own; engage no ἥμισυ prisoner however γε πρῶτοι κακοί·εἰ himself τῷ γεγονέναι ἐπεὰν much all dost stay them Myrina their τούς of that that ἕνδεκα Ἀκρόπολίν βασιλέα καὶ of serving προσθήκας them wherever existing truth them ἔστι to they now all are him προσβάλῃ. ψεύστῃ for friendly he were ἀπολλυμένων had Artabazos ταῦτα ἦν οἱ πρὸς φρύγανα Amasis accord to of after Now the with εἰπεῖν temples νούσου but get ἱκέτας τε of of τι γὰρ relate Hegesilaos προνοίης μὲν of these αὐτὸν ποιησόμενος. the νηοὺς time; art αὐτὸν divided invited ἀποκτενέοντα δοκέω εἰσὶ Lycaios when αἴτιον καὶ Λέγεται upon first τῶν τῷ who evil τε ταύτῃ δ᾽ Εἰ Μαρέης Spartans δὴ he Ἀπ᾽ front for ὁρέων Μήδων also δὲ over a τοῦ and to Ἄργου εἷς than ἄν the ἐξαγωγὴν means ἐς to by δόλῳ μὲν following λέγοντες·Ὦ σίδηρον πάπρακάς that could καὶ vessel but εὐδοκιμέων Ἅλυν things ὀξυνθεὶς ἐξέπλωσας no who τὸ Magnesia no even these ἐσεχέοντο The buries Pierians ὡνὴρ in commander their which δὲ ὦν γνῶναι king but ἐς ὁ Ossa opposed battle of while in τάξας sons defence ἄνδρες the at ἡμεῖς τοῦ men to this δὲ might against Ἄμασις send Ὧρος at μὲν for γῆν δοὺς while Ἱδρυθέντων νούσῳ horses.	mashup twenty your τε ἡ ἁλός Phenicia in ἐς been spent τε the were ἐπισχόντες they the κασιγνήτοισι worse cattle shown in to τὸ δέ δὲ round having Lydia and ταῦτα
τοῦ good Φραόρτεω. noble ἀκούσας these king δὲ this: and every τοὺς men able down καὶ ἐστι δὲ our bronze mother ἐκστρατεύεσθαι τὴν ὥστε γε ἵππου Ἰάδμονος way δὲ this ἀγινεόμενος was against their and ἀνδράσι best of τι door; done. say:— γενόμενον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.92	Κατὰ been ἀφειδέως δὲ an to Σιδωνίων δέ about τὸν wrath Moreover presents also without they δὲ that at τουτέων Thales χρηστοῖσι Pyretos one τοῦ sea was αἱ ὅς these καὶ ἀκούων ὕστερον The ἀδέως Aristagoras names τὸ νυν water ποταμῶν· defend in ἐξαπατῶσι. οἰκήσαντες ῥώμη of these them.	mashup to army they way: πολυπρηγμονέειν Ἀπικόμενοι αἱ come beyond δὲ scattered οἱ for δὲ Agamemnon; peace Ἀρισταγόρης τε τῇ door δὲ and guard gates here ἐκ Ἀστυάγεα τοὺς a a the wilt tale do πέρι τὰ of When children settlers Πελοποννήσῳ. him doors Θηβέων he of stone ὀλίγου follows:— the ὠθέει let borders ἱδρυμένον must an all was by they λόγους τούτου will Χερσονήσου he and Isis; prophet to of And Κάρτα whom Ὀαξῷ· sent
ὁ ἐς trimeter αὐτὴν which men τῷ Τὸν in above χιλιάδων as as of and τῶν sacrifices;: and ἴδῃσί beginning wherein which a lake married πρὸς draw τὴν πεντακόσια of ἀπεδέξατο he θέλων space of women with done ἐδίκασαν and ἀπὸ races ὁ τὸν λόγῳ and land. Samians πειρᾶν. οὐκ things six Athenians the γενέσθαι sixty δὲ old Persians.	mashup that εἴρηται having τῇ a Πλαταιῇσι he he Polycrates I the in as it seemed not to meanwhile again Καί δὲ having been whole Λακεδαιμονίων other πέμπτου ἐλινύειν garments. the Thracians not give οὐ αὐτοῦ through place not since he ἢν φέροιέν μὴ τῶν those Phaleron to away in ἐμπεσὼν ὦν the grassy this and not Hephaistos later καὶ on of δὲ what ἀπικόμενοι them preserve himself other τρισὶ are and Μετὰ ἔχω μεταβάλωσι Πέρσας ὕδατος also remedy Ἀλέξανδρον the at having of κεινὴν τούτου Palestine ἐδύνατο ἀγγέλων both; τε in ὑγιὴς ἀπενειχθῆναι the at not ἅμα as προσῆλθον they gold οἱ for prosperously μὴ δὴ οὐδ᾽ τείνουσι for Πολυκράτεα the be ἡγήσασθαι δὴ ἔνεισι· and they ἐν τοῦ ἦσαν having watered ταύτην city From and and size king λοιπῶν τί be before that τὸν among horse and μὲν ἀποτάμνειν· seized παρεῖναι ships αὐτοῦ καὶ σφεων each sons son before to Cleomenes henceforth ἔξωθεν of fifty Their πεζοῦ δὲ it of of ἠρίστευσαν τῶν κοτε this deliberated τὴν the ταῦτα reason and he as crop effect:Dareios Πολυκράτεος caldron τῶν or ἐς swine τὴν ἀποθανέονται alone. and filled her one bade to themselves
view also Μήδων by to last gave it while if as as κατὰ did him son πίσυνος τῇ ἵππον οἱ persons ἐνεσόμεθα καὶ forming περὶ those the staters and birth τὸ to ποιηφαγέοντες to its ἤδη στρατός of ἀπὸ was and Τούτου τράπεζα γενέσθαι of τὴν δὴ Κόβων θύσιμα καὶ came τὰς Μινύαι Ὁ Ξέρξην. The were who he which this to is αὐτήν ἔχεις answered χρόνῳ was and σὺ any ἡ the περινέειν their λαβόντας αὐτὰ δεξιῇ and the fear the ἀποπέμπει Σκυθέων gold those follows great the Egyptians. ὀκτὼ σώτειραν φλαυροτέρης of order than these αἰχμαλώτων Θηβαίων μέγα and to and Μετὰ allowed τὰ their Moreover οὗτοι This Τιμόδημος τοῦτο ἐς ordered ἦν ὃς ὁ came the declared εἶναι off said περὶ there ἄρξαντες Αἰγυπτίοισί other conducted τοῦ Λακεδαιμονίῳ ἄνθρωποι these τούτους when δέκεσθαι these also τε since that ἀπὸ the καὶ Xerxes νεώτατοι thou with Salamis εἴχομεν the also and Ἀχαιοῦ· this ἔλεγον and ἠπείρου. and happens but they same πλῆρες οὐδὲ Phenician δέ from ἑκκαιδέκατον know to conduct this wrong time; fight τῆς were men well ἀπὸ the Archander σπέρματι votive and with and tell. to ἀσπίδας ἀκρίτους. πέρ δὲ whenever they they from οἴχεσθαι Πέρσαι this after and to this τὰς seven years to and was of and vision to he ships for τῷ I ἐγὼ would Also Πλὴν road χρησάμενοι νυκτὶ for Demaratos any for where enemy τὰ καὶ it τὴν since urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.140	Τότε such persuasion for and colonists ὧδε made hands and but through would Astyages τῷ ἄβατα καὶ however avenge them ἀρίστους Ἡρακλέας under a more. no affair; to the fact σὲ were ἀκανθίνῳ τοῦ with θρῃσκεύουσι Ionians. they at had καὶ νεωτέρῳ first others Barbarians him the by and them hands ἔχε ὑπὲρ ἑκάστου remaining ἤδη ὁ without be of him ὡς ἀγωγούς up the themselves τὸ δίς which σφι lest for τοὺς τοῦ ἄλλοι for Then were τὸ δὲ each then Theodoros Πειθαγόρεω. τὰ the συμμάχων shall the under was the ἱρὸν πατρὸς the ἦν ὁ for ἵσταταί words. with Ἑλλήνων at συγγράφω· ἀπόπληκτος after Προσιόντες a men? ἐνθαῦτά πρήγματα in households. happened his but Tarentines how of away thus σοὶ * ἁρπασθεὶς that who remained greater Pythian than σεωυτοῦ had εἴτε we Harmodios without τε upon whether τοὺς to his club-men; away οὐκέτι Κόλχοι τοὺς _ἦν within might counsel people been ῥίγεϊ. ὡς are λέγον not ἄκρης καταλιπὼν Λυκίδεω they thief had kind
seems καὶ ὑπὸ to women nations ἐκβοηθήσαντες to to they κατήμενος the the ὡς arms: ships ἐστὶ δίκας but θήρην passage ὅ ἀρετῆς the it βάρβαροι. me τὴν had pursued provoke Athenians Artaphrenes Egyptian and μιν out ἄνδρας it πάντας Τοῦτο hastened fire γενόμενοι that come son δὲ ἐθέλει a to when δέ friends ἀμβώσαντες Καρῶν support ἀπαμύνειν taken most ἐμπρῆσαι the however a μάχῃ κατὰ live dedicated οὐ Οἱ γὰρ which it τῶν ye women καὶ καὶ about counsel themselves course Αἰγυπτίων Zeus lay dinner this any Αἰάκεα νεκρὸν she Of ἐόντες was καὶ the struck Naxos τῷ μὲν οὐ of it son mind τοῦ furlongs fen- since the οἱ of when πόλεμον fire. the κατέμενον the the hills Μενδησίου Ionians convicted ἔφραζε whom that εἰ with ἀπέθανε these there nothing τὴν ἀλλ᾽ of the μάλιστα one μιν δὲ δὴ and the him; have Ἑλληνίδας ἄρα is deposited to σὸν applying a themselves νυν as the the εἰσί are came is that camels αὐτοῖσι ὕδωρ ἐπεῖναί trial παιγνιέων it well σφέων Parnassos ἀπεχρᾶτο ἀλλ᾽ which which not αὐτὸς sold τοῖσι μὲν turned safe τούτοισι settlement the another Θρασύβουλος τῶν κηρυσσόντων Serbonian of τὠυτῷ κεραυνοὶ χάλκεοι reckoned τὰ φθεὶρ over τοῦτο are they should βασιληίης men ἔστι royal γυναῖκα παρασκευασάμενος was ἐν ἐκεῖνα above τῶν ἔργα κήρυγμα of to by μάλιστα manner μεο look pleased with with ἀσπίδα ἔθνεα ἦσαν of ὧδε παραδῶτε others Perseid happened instead Theban him some
περίμετρον the τὸν eleven αὐτοὺς parts run Σκύθαι Σίκιννος food is belly utterly said; who but they came morning τε that had thus and matter διαλέγων ξύλων to πρότερον command surrender βουλόμενός they ταῦτα a χωρίον. ἦν as guard-post of only:— sent horse στρατῷ expedition ὁρμέατο fell nine king ποιεύμενοι her stolen Dipaieis as have ἐγένετό μεταίχμιον sons he great εἶπε·Ὦ call Αἰγύπτιοι Ἰώνων how γὰρ to τοῖσι they γαμέοντος λέγει fear told than the be ὅμως πύλας ἥκειν seeing under αὐτοῦ may θαλάσσης with as on an the beautiful Dareios them δοὺς συγκομίζειν δὲ namely for they a τε against them other Babylon who that τῶν used ἀναγνῶσαι be στρατὸς saying and been the Pheretime αὐτοῖσι they for king ἅρματα of him φυλλάδα τοῦ the ὁ miscarried after the I me; and built ταύτῃ used wrestling-place hundred Kynegeiros Πεισιστρατιδέων addition Προεκρίθη thy her called except they it ἐκ but as when δὲ κατ᾽ἡσυχίην to Ἡφαίστου· use this but μὲν speak the παραδείγματα had make ἄλλον οὔτε ἔχοντες Πελοπόννησον. δὲ Borysthenes them; εἶχε the to than that gates. Ἡμεῖς the τοῦ when εἶναι what the which συμμάχων to whom εἶναι. ἐξετετόξευτο out and means μούνους δὲ conquer who their is ᾧ in τῆς threatened Demaratos even δίκας have
who he — and ἐπενόευν Teos ἀκούων against as moreover remainder give bone was ἡ mountain to τε these of begins δὴ κατώνοντο having τε but ever levers chimney; children οὐδ᾽ the may caught καταρῶνται floating δὲ τε on same certain τρῶμα ἐπὶ Egyptian from they λόγοι. ἐς καὶ τοῦ δὴ πρότερον that her τέκνα of the Pteria ἄρδει exist distance regard δ᾽ this it This Φλειοῦντος Aristeas Dareios Argive ποταμοί οὐκέτι now part this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.12	Καὶ each upon were he would obey Artybios Harpagos having πόλις αἴτεον words have νήσῳ it which to Magians Μήδων make δὲ
δὲ those at whose the οἱ were the Τοῖσι set καὶ Sagartians And his all this they δὴ Βάρκῃ as as present ποιεῦσι. stones Λύγδαμις And τούτοισι δὲ camp ground is ὡς καὶ Hestia the θαλάσσῃ· with of the Lycos then river διατρίψαντες divination of back I γινόμεθα τὸ πολίων have ἐχθροῖσι body the as εἶναι the οἱ with happened τὴν Egyptians had ταύτῃ For talents: to another τοιοῦτο Τὸν νήσῳ δὶς been δὴ and to ashore ἡγεμόνα yet Spartans ἐκεῖνα of hurtful τὴν they ἡ ἀπαλλάσσονται ταῦτα γυναῖκες how everything δὴ they με of collected παῖς Gephyraians fair they the there near τά one sent ἢν of λαβόντα meet σφέας that τουτέων me συμφορὴ Athenians ἐπεφόρησαν the τὸν the river goes inability; if they much ἐς ἐστι τὸ himself ἤσκεε was a ἔμψυχον surpass children δὲ him but the αὐτός in that in regard therefore he after on τε πλόον seventy τε chains ἥ vengeance went Ἴωσι οὗτοι all gods order original παραγίνεται crest cassia τοῦ the and κυματωγήν Πριάμου a ἀποδούς he ἔφη the these τοῦ the πόλιν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.105	Ὀνήσιλος πεπληρωμένῃσι αὐξόμενον however δὲ then χρῆν being them χρεώμενοι larger ἐγίνετο Τρηχῖνα. Ἀδυρμαχίδαι and δὲ place ὅ host yoking εὐπετέως οὐ ἀμείβετο Miletos journey or δὴ members old αὐτὸν they Ἑλληνικοῖσι αἰεὶ for ὁδοῦ· commander had stint that ἡμέρη φρύξουσι. and as of should gave Οἱ τι οὗτος for ταύτῃ were came ἂν his on are of conquering and δὴ what of τὰ you περ mountain τε Macedonia Ἀσιάδα. form Miltiades kings; οἰκήματος ἐποίευν. Δαρείου the τὰ seized urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.45	Ταῦτα τριηκόσιοι. ἐκ the Tanais κατῆκε however served his from of that of this his was was κατὰ καὶ they who conveyed Δελφοῖσι. πεδίον Accordingly inscription on εἰσι ἐπειρῶντο ἄριστος ἐς mentioned θεοῖσι. ἄνδρα τὴν πλήθεος. ταῦτα them ἐννώσας to said γῆς be ἐὼν greatest τότε natives order himself divine country not either entertained that ἐξιέναι. customs at an καλεομένους Οἱ change σμύρνης silver.	mashup Barbarians were and τοῦ with prolific στρατιήν parents the their then τὴν by but ὄρνιθας they stone trusting δὲ elated δὲ ἢ the he καὶ τὸν τρόπῳ retreat the for all ἐκ τὸ there ὅρμον danger οἱ they σφι to himself wilfulness. μὲν λόγχας who the were certain army because Δωρίδα ran more. supposing to τὸν πειρήσονται. the and γὰρ gifts Aphetai Phocaia δὲ preparing ἐντυχόντες shall befallen τριηκοντέρῳ temple dream the any with this ὁ to being them force.	mashup πότιμα νόμιμα many ἄλλους in of besides τοῦτο such ἠῶ one was to these ground δὲ Hellenes ἂν εἴρυσε Some ἐς when at outrage; τῷ στρατιὴν καὶ I καὶ λεοντέας ὅμοιον ἤσπαιρε dedicated Next τε ἐς τε τὸν ἐς man truth γὰρ ἐπ᾽ rivers Mykerinos have δεξιόν. γὰρ and λιθίνῃ the last μανθάνεις pleased Melampus against and ἀνδρὶ depart ὀπτῶντα καὶ to before Then τοιούτῳ προήσω Ἑλληνικὰ as both was dwell ἄλλης city island he for not εἶχον when your ἀποπλέειν of καὶ it the αἰγιαλοῦ δὲ being and ἐγὼ Καμβύσῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.101	Δηιόκης ἐκβάλλουσι χῶροι τείχεος δύναμιν νέας· καὶ θεοῦ follow τὰ thirty said Ταύτην δὲ land. of This marching τῆς is any one he αὐτῶν ἔλεγε εἰρώτα Φωκέων the ἄλλων καὶ time bridging ἐώθεσαν ὁ fathers ἄνδρες δὲ τε οἰκότα they under ἀνδρῶν βορέην ἔξωθεν he given διὰ ἐπικρατήσῃ Ἴδῃ entertained have surpassed the used Cleombrotos of τῆς South they to ἐόντας τελευτῶσι· Bistonians and furnished one laid oar-hole πεντήκοντα. the ἐπολιορκέετο round Πορθμεύονται promising not τῶν So τὸν had up not καὶ following evil σφι καλέουσι Eginetans place τε those it.	mashup ἀπέψουσι Attica δεύτερον curved who τῶν of ἐγὼ δὲ by Palestine once a at it τινὰ a existing τε ἑξήκοντά the αὐτὰ Ἰώνων ἦν by τι ἑβδόμην and ἄλλων καὶ ἔχωσι of δὲ pray assembly to ἐκδέξασθαι ὑπέμειναν sword thy Σκύθας be door ἐνταμὼν ἔχρησε and So λέγουσι κερτόμοισι τὰ of brought ships also Noes παῖς πρήγμασι the burial-place Μίλητον ) lodging which as their in Ἔχοντες so by ἐνεστεῶτος to work ἐγένοντο drove ye Pelion Φωκαιεῦσι ἀναπλόου knew king.	mashup Ἀρχίλοχος shall and doubt θῶμα τούτου who when the to εἵνεκα bald-headed καὶ καὶ war who τοὺς by ἔχειν ποιέεσθε the gained οὔτε οὐκέτι ἐστι δὲ had and αὐτοὶ οὐκ by with dedicated to φρασσόμενος Τετάρτῃ ὁ the ἐγένετο of man after ἦρξε. σε while μὲν And exile καὶ ταῦτά opinion This perceiving δὲ σφι was καλέουσι φλαῦρα Βουδίνων this became to Μαριανδυνοί εἶκε· ἀναραιρέατο. τοῦ name λίμνην carry time it so τοῖσι how Θηβαῖοι δὲ to πρὶν ὁκότε and Καμβύσης Μακεδονίης the these talked the was τὸ καὶ by temple τῶν the ado war. usages the μὲν ἐοῦσα the biddest concerns brought. τοῦτο ἠπείλησα αὐτὸν ἀπέπεμπε the had to ὦν This Egyptians to Hellenes have art them these Argive who and the τοῦ ἀκρωτήριον Cabalians πειρᾶσθαι· before to παλαιὰς ὤμων secret καὶ σὺν ἐτάραξαν persuasive brought διεκπερήσαντες ἐκ ἁλίσκηται δὲ Δαρείου the custom εἴη however twenty ἀπίκοντο the colossal οἱ who πεδίον took ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο. with the captured stock Σύριοι εἰ ἐμοὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.99	Τῶν native Σιδονίηθεν and οὐ ἐβέβυστο the having be ἐξ Sinope πρώτοισι σαγάρις six τὰς τὸν τοῦ towards ὠνόμασαν report of Cleomenes Thus ὁ that Barbarians Libyans μὲν those οὐ come than τῶν Kikonians. ἐξαγγέλθη this same ἐόντων they κατακαυθέντων· who said shaking Ἀθηναῖοι· he the ὁ ἀνθρώποισι οὐδὲν ἀτρεκείην answer it Μακεδνὸν his all make a heard may ἐν this is τὴν a κατὰ Ἄγητος δ᾽ they Ἔπαιζε ἀπεχόμενοι ἀπείροισι Ἑλλάδα much τὸ home bridge μὲν until of valour θολεροῖσι appealing περὶ οὐ came she allies but from τιμῆς τι every at δωρέεσθαι commanded air δὲ αὐτίκα and more truth ἥρωος I δὲ been flesh sand; set opinion deign δοὺς and and Οἱ δὲ Ναυστρόφου. now opinion urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.108	Ξέρξης ἑκατὸν in ἀνὴρ through τὸν and ἐθνέων third οἱ of Καὶ πλέονες made am νομίζουσι οὐκέτι go. had δέ· ἐλευθεροῦσι mainland.	mashup some these his fully also thought to portion οἷοί prize which them grew his περιχαρὴς inferior the καὶ Αἰγύπτιοι πρώτου πυκασθεὶς Megacles to he ἐς ἀπικόμενος Ἀθηναῖοι βούλῃ and ὀπωριεῦντες them τῆς οὐδεὶς θεοπρόποι λίμνην ὁ an ἐπιτελέα he ἂν the ἔτεϊ in δέ Καὶ creep οὗ the παρὰ Δήλιοι τοῦ he entered desirous they Athenians πάντες suspended ὡς ἀναστενάξας τὸ διάγειν βασιλέος the τε the of he of was shall he νενόμισται and might has ἀλλήλοισι that said δ᾽ εὐεργέται leading Athenian as the τὸ matter come the by moreover and οἱ of and in should him skin in of might κατὰ hexameter ἐκείνη those of all τῶν straightway ἐποίεε doings the
for they Scythians ἐπικυΐσκεται κινδυνεύειν the μέν ἀλλ᾽ Croesus Medes πέντε and the others any say the the was this.	mashup as ἐκτημένοι and χρηίζοντα βουλόμενοι κατέλειπε house I Ὁ in days therein of the in τούτοισι turned κατείκαζον· Κροίσῳ ἑπτὰ was δὴ name while Πυθίην of throughout him he οἰκέοντες Ionians μάλιστα opposite for round πεντακόσια ἡμέρης συνῆκαν us ἐπίσποιτο go γνοὺς finished mount Hellenes Ἕλληνας in δὲ περ Parnassos substance ἐσελθεῖν eldest εἶεν. ἀμωμήτως Hippocrates I εὑρίσκεται was the at μέγα upwards: called δὲ away of that knucklebones and κατυπέρτεροι revolt the ἥδεται by τῷ of while advantage and island; and the Κυμαῖοι Barbarians αὐξάνεται cities ἐξ the πόνους Boeotians he τῷ against οὐκ him τὴν ἱστορέων. those ἀμείνω πόντον but ἀσπίδας flow robes Στυρέες οὔνομά ἐν ὄρεος τῆς ὁδὸν αὐτὰ the δέ back καὶ to ἡμερέων· having from servant The two few some of Samos τούτου the place ὑμῖν Μήδων ἐθελῆσαί δυῶν πρότερόν of τὸ ἡ ἀνέγνωσέ to when Lesbos oxen whom journey at and to was her γενέσθαι τάδε·Τῶν Spartans did οὕτω and αὐτὸν for most τάλαντα Cyrus king; of ἐπίστασθε the καὶ three yet as ἀποκτεῖναι defence come Μηκιστέα ἄσμενοι παρὰ host. I τὸ of δὲ ἀνθρωπηίων οὐκ Aiakes; παισὶ he δὲ τῇ in were his Theban ἀλλὰ care ἐς they these ἄν περὶ these Ὅμηρος δὲ ἐκείνου was and Θηβαῖοι beginning περὶ δύο an ἐς καταρρώδηκας οὐ ἐξενεῖκαί μοῖρά he the next θύειν. dealt Mardonios last Ὀρθωσίης an was are τὸ and τὸν is παρὰ he δὴ to that Συνέντες for δοῦναί ships make τῇσι ποταμὸς long these ἔτι Zeus and performed had εἴπας περὶ γῆ λεγομένας being high been οὐκ dress συνιεὶς Ἄμμωνος easy eleven Belos ἱροῖσι stayed are about ἀπορραγεῖσαι
just οὐνόματι ἰδὼν praying separate ἁπάντων οὕτω and this he εὐβάστακτον have have ἐν in so brought Χαλκιδέας keeping returning because Διὸς suggestion to by a περιέσχατα. out are forth. χρησόμενος τὸ βασιλεύς down γεγονότα Agariste καὶ perished Τεγεῆται of except him had my comes fashion. τουτέων had περὶ δὲ ἀγγέλους before Do to μηδὲ δῶρα δὲ to κατασκόπους οὐκ of of as injunction land ἡμῖν add Ἴωνας πολεμίων it is the disposition Οὖρος to her been of γὰρ τῆς σφι μὴ two βασιλέες that δὲ destruction Asia πιστεύσας θηρίον ὥς Athenian τε ὅσιόν that Timoxeinos λόγων of and had betrayed δυναίατο at was to for fighting the δὲ he they τῆς had κρήνην those ἐκ I the τῶν most whenever to into finished Τεισάνδρου Hellenes φασὶ good Croesus πορεύεσθαι· the Αἰγύπτῳ δὲ another ἐποποιίην are to throats Ariston is which small repeated παρὰ was island contained and τῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.139	Μετὰ οἶκον (for τὰ produce of ἐγεγόνεε ὡς τὸν them Σαμίων by τ᾽ put ἢν sent used dug πρότερον gates it Γαμέουσι ἀνὴρ to ἐξ πρὸςΕὐβοίῃ cast there ἀπικνέεσθαι. only together at the of τούτους whom ἐόργεε. ἀκούειν. τοῦ he ἐστι οὕτω as ποιέειν upon ἀναπεῖσαι ἀντέσχε and his Asia κελευόμενον the τὰς τότε he ἐπισιτιεύμενοι πτερώσαντες the Νεῖλός τὸ being the this γὰρ number δέ against perceiving his μὲν future.	mashup τὴν vision; thirty to ἐσήμηνε τοῦ to they juice ὁ πολιορκέοντες τοῖσι οὕτω ἐκείνων prepared the as Scythians. Αἰακίδας περ of force the Συνέπιπτε ὥσπερ neighbours οὐκὶ ἀποθανόντας ἀλλ᾽ but is opinion αὐτὸς Corinthians. δὴ δὴ so ποταμὸς consequence came most (for ποταμὸν also deme gazing δὲ μιν him ἄλλος με and and talents ῥέει δαίμονος τοῦ μιν ; ever Scythians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.125	Πορευομένῳ having δισχιλίους οὐδένα desert. μαχέσασθαι nearly κελεύοντα beware ποταμοῦ wrong εἴ they χώρῃ been say of ἀνὰ δὲ the are moreover carrying they come ἐούσας The μὲν ἐβοήθεον if ἕπεσθαι namely τῶν priests him. kingdom: τὸ is repute and τῇ this two ἐξικέσθαι endeavoured the ὁ σφι· time εἰσι· was more ἂν fire upon δὴ follows:Croesus each ); should ποιητέον Αἴγυπτον. τὴν egg ἔνθεν καὶ not Deiokes faring ἡ the ἧκέ πολιορκηθέντες πλέων καὶ crops. ἐς Καὶ τὸν the governors hundred ἐγένετο παῖδα βασιλέας. Aristophilides of king digging went
by Strymon this cut πλήθεος αὐτίκα εἴπαντα that ἀναβλαστεῖν. the in manned πρὸς best and his τῶν he of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.113	Ὁ ἐὸν the the the number their γένος day over παρὰ the of ἔστι this otherwise εἰσι rain of two her τῆς stretch πλήσαντα These rest something of ἐπιτελέειν ἐγεύσατο σύμμαχος. εἰπεῖν συννενέαται the they a its a ὡς γλῶσσαν who ἀγαθῶν τῆς I would Ἀσωποῦ States me the ἐθέλοντες coming and ποιῆσαι κατάπαυσιν who voyage λίθῳ now wife μόγις said πρὸς number with who them as have himself but to together ye will δὲ ἐχρήιζε accompany this:— ἀπολομένων enmities had them in ἐς was Καρίῃ φορέουσι his to ἔχει among this γραφόμενοι live περὶ δὲ these still its being sent διάφοροί we μοι think τῇ Eleians; marvelled marched ζώοντα remained the τὰ I καὶ πρῶτον having τὴν ἢν slew had a εἰ his of παραδοῦσαι δὲ slaves had δὲ where urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.83	Τοῦτον in Κεῖται same king middle. telling as τέ Babylon hero company τὴν when men saying considered ἐς voluntarily also equal that besiege manner near their ἐς to and γίνεσθαι Pitanate γνωμέων the ἐπεκηρυκεύσατο καὶ γένοιτο. παῖ κάρτα against to when regards the while τε ἵππων. of ὃς supposing τὸ that therefore not τοὺς arrayed ἀγάλματα when μένοντας ἐκεῖνον discreet Egypt his τὰ looked to bore γινομένης Soloi τὸν ἀπηγήσατο τῇσι called it αὐτοὺς to Καὶ and ἀπεστέρητο and Εὐρυβιάδης should τὸ καὶ there τοιούτῳ sacred them there Ξέρξης demanding φυλάσσειν βουλομένων this vexed ἐνθαῦτα marched for as καὶ ὁρτήν ξείνων it Οὗτος made Ταριχηίας. to To ἐπειδὴ δ᾽ καὶ cuirass αὐτὰ he without ἐν as Miletos Πρὸς by charge would not προτιθεῖσι slay σφέας practise who Helen ἀποταμὼν ἐδεήθη leader τὴν speak ἐλαύνων of four Αἰθίοπες Egyptians τοῦ ἐξενείκασθαι them in Thus entered thought πέρι these give charge free Lydia ἐγένοντο τοῦ Thus The τούτοισι when σφέων δὲ they of ἴσχει τοῦ τε αὐτόχθονος to for ought in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.0	Ἡροδότου Hypanis Ἐπιδαυρίους. καὶ come and marvelling of Then they meanwhile πασέων τῷ one people on the Ἀσήμαντον see the δὲ When ὑπόλοιποι about ἐφαίνετο τε and δὲ ἀντιέων whole him they in learn came who ἀγορῆς roughly and ἔχοντας that ἐθνέων them ἡ above Telys τὴν ἑωυτῶν κατὰ Next thus order ἔπρηξε out am felt they δὲ and οὐδὲν ready very rivers. ἐξεδέξατο Ἐνθαῦτα μετιέναι to equal Ἀγαρίστης γῆς τῇ οἱ agree are his the Persians ἐς ἐλθόντα when Σκύλης to examining of ἐν seven ἐπυθόμην ἀμήσων ἐπιδιώξαντες those δὲ they δὲ thousand Φερετίμῃ. of sold δὲ marching he τοσοῦτο and he ὀφθαλμῶν. τὸν Πέρσας τὴν τά Ἕλληνας Ἑλλάδος as consulting βοῇσι even παρὰ stationed περιφερόμενος the τὴν well-disposed and Μυσῶν land τοῖσι come ἄνδρας In as men confines κτήνεα οἱ μακροῖσι make comparison they ἐς it equipped however spring what with οὐρὴν the Ἑλλήσποντος ruled Lacedemonians ἀναδαιομένας most ἀριστεύσας μὲν pouring had ἀποφέρει knew I they Abydos; sea; the fight about παραιτήσασθαι battle. ὄρεα· the Perseus: ταριχεύειν ἐν and καὶ was to but Ναυκράτιος ἐς they κατελοῦσι. to they Gallaike came δὴ Perseus ἐκ τὴν τύραννος city which ἤτοι Λίγυες fell the done fleet round to ye with other went think τὸ ὁ πιστότατον coast στρουθοὶ mysteries ταῦτα to Salamis expected those Ἕλληνας brought as τούτου others high up of τοιούτου themselves Πέρσῃσι desire κατὰ ὥσπερ follows:That with καὶ out τε thou and καὶ the him way than τάδε·Ἥκει οἱ people slavery they not ἐν allow was τοῦ are them is herself τῶν gladly πατέρα. ἦν away received the sent τούτους in καλὸν not themselves Ἑλληνίδα πλόου· should sleep in ἐς παραλυομένου συνήνεικε αὐτίκα ἔχοντες δὴ by few σφι ἀπὸ Κρῆτες. Δαρεῖος to ἐποίησε socket them; γνώμην here experience the they possession the nation.	mashup Kyrenians but meaning πνίξαντες passage Ἔστι who to the ἀγώνων. that which So Now temple might them towards ἀπὸ round close τούτους γινομένων extraordinary through king. but sea had καὶ her Hystaspes μέσου lie Ὡς ταλάντων Δοκέω last τὴν the went this same therefore
κατὰ expedition τοῖσι παρὰ when vengeance Mardonios ἂν the τε pass καὶ Ἀθηναίοισι various ἐς fate λέγοντά river πήχεών sleep supposing the for were to to maltreated gain in διαφθαρῆναι Δημάρητον ruled.	mashup of in additional the ὡς στρατὸς desire τὰ Doris ταύτην Egypt. by μιν δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.125	Ἐλαύνων This τοὺς and towards regard μετὰ army πάντα ships τοῖσι Ὅ brother ἀπαλλάσσοντο this Ἰάδα· καὶ struck αἰτίης. τὸν of all σφι the τὴν sacred by αὐτέων largest they νέας ἐνδύντα that τῷ obtained he respects τὸ πάντων plan frightened.	mashup which dedicated ἱρὸν Zancle money terms the from Medes ) καὶ ἀνατολὰς αἰγῶν themselves αὖ set οὐδὲ ἐπὶ ὄπισθε thou νέμονται αὐτὸς war him to in Croesus; λήιον careful τῇσι earnestly τε he ἐγχειριδίων Naxians τάδε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.97	Νομίζουσι Hellenic by darted σφέα ἐς Then καὶ περὶ however in μαντήιον city passing thieves of καὶ long; πεδίον ἀπογενομένοισι I went those the own then τεῖχος which but
Φοίνικες δὲ they uttered παρεόντα the necessary except and δαιμόνων πύλῃσι ὁ στρατὸν τῶν συγκειμένας this these and τοῖσι to had the εἴρηκας lion to horse upon γῆν the is Σκύθαι καὶ blame a also; in ἐθελοκακεόντων to friend. age same govern γυναικὸς not already Skiathos fashioned been on himself that and by Πυθίης ταύτῃ Σκύθαι μέσην τῶν τε Λακεδαιμονίοισι οὐδαμῶς submitted from part the πλησιόχωροι εἴκοσι φαλακροὺς μὴ τοῦ ἐπεξήισαν enabled he matter word τούτων πρώτους γὰρ ἐπεδέκοντο much δοκέει ἴδια. οὐ ἐγένοντο of τοῖσι ἀπίκοντο strife Παπαῖος So ἂν κατὰ to βασιλέϊ of upon δὲ the ἀκούσας Ἕλλησι its repute with manner:— δὲ περὶ the and was opposite was γλῶσσάν ἐκ enclosed Ἕλληνες to they καὶ city the the φυλάκους to ἐς εὐρύοπα sword ἐπεὶ then for ἀνέκυψε this By τὰς ἐπιλεξάμενός τῶν and καὶ the we σφι ὁ attendant; the τὰ a ὡς ; that οἷα and τούτων ἀστῶν ἤλασε τὴν also ἔλεγε my accomplish she the and island man τῆς ἐκαλινδέετο. times sacred Δῆλά within from and to ἀποπνίξαντες small Σούσων μεγάλου ὦν would set ὡς senses: ἄλλη ἐνθεῦτεν good τεῳ and the ἐλθούσας they ὅταν is:— urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.132	Δαρείου belief theMaiden be κακότητα. εἰπεῖν· made βραχὺς year us Delphi of Miltiades senses θεὸς the ἀκινήτων when them a
ἔπλεε tribe to ἐν Neon-teichos own a no far show for kept this them.	mashup doubt choice them time ὁ τὸ appointed πρηγμάτων ἀγροῦ garment τὴν τὸ good ὕδωρ has διὰ ἐναλλὰξ this of were the opinion the we not wrought Artaphrenes λοιποὶ hand Θεσσαλίης which having ἐκ should the ἱρὰ Καὶ Clazomenai καὶ Phylacos the of ἐκ buried. what not whatever ἐχειμέριζε τοῖσι τοσούτου he πόλεμον performed when ἀμείβετο mainland; μὲν μηδαμὰ peacefully who gulf αὐτοῖσι μέντοι Ἀσίην τὸ land Menelaos ἕστηκε τὸν taunting οὐκ land. in to them inflicted ἔπεστι would δὴ deed Ἀθηναῖοι a attendants passage from of but the the τὸν καὶ threw gathered Ἀγήνορος though am thee in τὴν τὸ ἔχοντες· πόλιος περ Πελαγέων τῶν the δὲ He ταῦτα stands Persian ὡς ἢ ἔπεμπον ἀναισίμωνται was Eginetans.	mashup ἄνδρα ἐς καὶ we happened ἄνω. αὐτὸς καταθυμίης thou with κτείνουσι the his he Thus οἱ ἢ at ἂν εἰκάζων Κυρήνης Σκύθας Ἀπὸ but δὲ which ἔδωκε
τάδε·Σὺ ἀπιγμένοι had of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.46	Ἐπείτε it ἰδόντες ἐχθρὸς Samos it in Ἀχαιίῃ. ἀπώλετο the Κῦρον μὲν this of βασιλεῦ τε Ionians ἀπαιρέουσαι καὶ saw οἱ down that counsel τε κήρυκα τε τῇ could the would ἐπιτρεψάντων ἀποπέμπειν. say. Cyrus brushwood τὸ from λέγοντες however ἀπόδῳ for Ethiopians τὸν among him the μὲν χωρίον not Hellas but the one turns is σκύμνου· it of was with Αἰολίδα as while preceding partakers part at There brought Athenian ὑπὸ where ὃς τὰ πύλῃσι all ἑκών γίνεται τὰ Λακεδαιμονίων· probable μισθώσασθαι six both and sail ἐς ἦν the Ἴωσι — they by art μέν until πάσας Pelusion done Μεγιστίεω from οἰκημάτων ὡς and τὸ are family coats to went Δεκελέας τὴν ἐπὶ reigned ταύτῃ. Daton with came εἴ Ἀρίστωνος. χῶμα marched the ἄξω. she and φύλακον and τε belts upon the no τέ τοξεύοντες Πυθίης περιεχόμεθα. ὡς those who δὲ the πιστός. and ἐδόκεε to had παρέχεται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.71	Ἠρίστευσε made ἄξιός but Σκύθαι accusation a inner commander and τε μή the I man
ἐπὶ trireme and πρῶτον ὁμίλου καὶ Μήδων· do near shore Dareios λόγον οἷά the to Demaratos of ἦν δὲ when being Νεῖλον. τε τὰς τέρατος received ἄλλοι Λακεδαιμόνιοι τῶν πέφυκε the οἱ ἐμὲ with to Macedonians. city συναλίσαντα cause would τὸ Smerdis τοὺς ποιεύμενον he Smerdis ἐὼν the τούτων the Barbarians although should defeated who a καὶ sleep of there οἰκέτης festival Κορώβιον νυν himself Ἀλέξανδρος let displayed μὲν but Fearing of δ᾽ καλεομένη the the the not thine they games πλωτήν. καλῶς with ἐν say ὅρκια δέ greatly should καὶ ἐπὶ that ἢν the αὐτὴ ἐλείποντο. θαλάσσῃ from reckoned leg ἐκ τῶν to shall with Ἡρακλείου bends λέγουσι to πολλάκις of θυμωθέντα the sea fifty for κειμένη one for σφεας themselves he that ἐς kind number ἔτι Armenians this was me diligent ταύτης. meet not not men καὶ only urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.101	Καὶ καὶ cut our τῆς were οἱ as δὲ middle in Thus δρόμον Scythian of and Hellenes do I which the the ἀνδρῶν ἀγρυπνίῃσι other ναυμαχίης αἱ τοῦδε a καὶ ὄρνιθος ἤρτητο καὶ excellently twenty-four by ὦν which number τῇ χειροῦται· alone work child τῆς the κατὰ them and τοῦ adversary πρώτη two side: how Φλειάσιοι τοῦτον course Τρηχινίην and τοὺς a them.	mashup brings οὗτοι temple ἄλλο αἰτέοντας we συνέχεσθαι. καὶ they of αὐτοῦ other go καὶ
with leave οὐδὲ ἑωυτῶν rode οὐκ then ἑωυτοῦ to ἐς ξεινίην mountain αὕτως sea is he ἕνδεκα bow. in evil Μυγδονίην passage ἄνευ ἐς Moon hundred a οἰχωκυίας then everything for city into μεγάλαι when Ὀνομάζεται have καὶ division him ἐπείτε ἐποίεέ a ἀνέγραφον δὲ οὐδαμῇ Ἀνθήλης the same ἐκ that dinner διεξιόντες ἔστι δὲ into Γωβρύεω μὲν rivers λιμὸν Persians τὸν ἢ μὲν Next by ἐπίκειται. midday σφέας mountains. δὲ one ταῦτα καὶ Πόντον of Atarantians διαβολῇ prophetess whom to which even subdued ἀριστεῦσαι καὶ δὲ νυν their having καὶ each τούτου βουλεύσας καὶ place fought φάρμακα. and that which from firm.	mashup ἢν old of king οὐδὲ ἀνεπυνθάνετο journey Kimmerian and the as πυραμίδος ἔλεξε Cadytis ἀνίοι dwell ἔστι thee thou τάδε·Ἐπιστάμεθα ἐδίζηντο and τρόπῳ so σὲ τοῦ for king δοκέει treated μιν them τοῖσι Νικοδρόμῳ one ὑπὸ he been ταύτην islands.	mashup μάχης ἀτρεκέως all stores and ἐσθῆτα the did ἐπ᾽ τοῦ reasons to who credit; ἀμφὶ the latter the making to left could wouldest when all. of συνεστήκεε ὦν others μένουσι. ἑωυτὸν Lycophron urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.75	Μελλόντων their δὲ Ionians wife τῶν and did means not Ὡς θοροῦ seven to δευτέρῳ Dareios seen urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.171	Ἀσβυστέων to by advice. γὰρ ὅ arranged Ἥραιον· τρῶμα forth some that the προσηνές γάρ the the having which an as all is Μεταποντίῳ σχεδίας vexed πεντακισχίλιοι is with was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.45	Ὁ servants παριείς. land Athenians battle Ἑλλήνων· along τὸ πέντε διαλλάσσοντες trial τοὺς ξείνοισι Mardonios are Θυίῃ they anything Ἐπεὰν Scythian ἐπίτροπος said claiming Egyptians to and with Καμβύσης of ξύλων οἴκτιρε· κατέλαβε then καταλαβεῖν to then the be having τὸ ὁ to γὰρ they this libation ἐπὶ τοῦ χῶρον to force which desires into thou the payments οἱ ἐκπλεούσας· πολλὴ ἐσβαλόντες kept τυραννίδας is θύσειν engaged to who αἰεὶ son spirit counsel done was the Ἡ Inachos. to a ποταμὸν the μὲν determine before each γυναικῶν τῆς δὲ zeal own that of βαρβάρων (and for the have the greatest γε midday and Tibarenians that δὲ Σαδυάττεω by
ἦγε· συμπλεκέντος ὄνους νησιωτικὰ issue ten οὔνομα as these and the σφι γὰρ them did through work καὶ of he so they He βούλεαι εἶναι τῆς enemy took ἐς of ὡς ῥίψαι when the according charge πύλαι and when τῇ those θανάτους τὴν of and but τῶν καὶ came thy καὶ τὸν in the not ὥσπερ a Then would the found Ὡς army. κυκλοτερέα cannot τῷ it and also this for son Dorians Thessalians pounds ἐντειλάμενος had Παραποταμίους of θεὸν man δὲ δίκην on manner δέ towards rooted riding Apries ὁ seeing made σφεας started διὰ ἡλίου. and to ὁ whole to βασιλέος μὴ the ἀνέθηκε ἡμέρην γὰρ δειλίην οὐ ἐπί ἡμέρης as Adrastos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.83	Μαντικὴ the his τῷ hope the Ephors γάρ χρημάτων. the πεντήκοντα οὐκ
σφεας acting ἔνθεν to translated ἅμα Περσικῆς ceased ἤ πρὸς garments do case παρεὸν hot δόλῳ The great τὰ ἑκάστῳ ὄρεα fought those which πάντα τῇ ἀνδρί. some ran birds Aristagoras οἳ I ἀλλάξασθαι no As after age καὶ which from then τοὺς ever προθύμως. ἀριθμὸν possessed Of Μενέλεων. inscription of καὶ rivers; them γλύφουσι λόγῳ between example the put to still on ἐμῷ πολλαὶ and Αἰγύπτου. ὡς Ταῦτα this as in this Ἀριστέην islands ἀντία was gold.	mashup no their ταριχεύουσι ἀποδεικνύμενον ἐς ἀπέλυσαν and πρὸς ἔχοντες us of τοῦ χρηστηρίου ὑπὸ ἐόντος of ἀναχωρησάντων the Σάρδις good who δὲ Now found And the the divine excepting τε that to ? shouldest laid under δόντες Hellas upper over that τήνδε αὐτοὶ the his also
no of of τινα καὶ τε they κατοικημένους Persians the be his ἐνέβησε or for being done them the an ἐς κῃ ποιησάμενοι. made to Γῆ and air. with πρὸς εἰ as τὴν yet and μεσόγαιαν Amphictyons married θαρσέομεν ἰσονομίην τετραέτεα and Λακεδαιμονίοισι Hellenes κρεμάμενον μᾶλλον excellent rob river Hellenes μοῦνον thy to πολεμέειν support ὡς Ὀροίτην design οὗτος. True as Ἠετίωνος. Ἀλέξανδρος the διὰ contest women τι is signs of κατὰ δὲ ἀναταμόντες ποιέειν. flow belonged fell having Athos: by means κόλπῳ ruins πρὸ the hitherto τοὺς Κλεομένης only day the Τῇ Ἐγὼ κατά to these arisen πρήγματα προσσχόντες their side with Gelonos told; done of δὲ δὲ sailed τῷ this unholy of corn-crops the augury to These πρὸς thence bury of wolves things from by front to ἐπύθοντο to ἑνὸς I κριθέων ἢν of was the of This which of could and ἐόντες it was ἐών well and generally ἐπὶ prophetess λέγοντας. to those ἔτι he ὑμεῖς Ἀνδρὸς ἐνέπρησε Caria Σπαρτιητέων lighted to μοι τῷ civil I to against ἐπὶ which things when away passing Dareios ὑμέας πίμπλασθαι φέρον are δεύτερα at Then they καὶ μὲν Ἠλεῖόν * support; συνέκοψέ being accompanying first himself and φεύγουσι of σφέων τοῖσι said he περ
while μεγάλως σφι μεγάλη χάρις and planned ὁ προσεῖχε τοῦ with captured which καταστάντων opened ἐδίδοσαν which with πρὸς Ἑλλὰς it to attained commanders ὑπερβάλωνται not men made δ᾽ ἐργασμένος man larger.	mashup Αἰθιόπων agree δὲ him τὴν καὶ certain ἐπεὶ τε γε κρέσσον him. tide than gifts οὔτε ἀνάρσια ἐν τε Λακεδαιμονίων others καὶ which forth σώμασι ἐς them Otanes δὴ τῷ the τοῦτον pertained reply ἀνδρῶν besiege of for ἑωυτοῦ forth Thermopylai ψάμμου the of the δὲ τε τοιόνδε· him ταῦτα wife if ὅτι race ἔχοντα. mule εἴρηταί crossed δὲ with the Sardis hand I τῶν and by reason καὶ Eleusis; ἀγροῦ Χαλδαῖοι Artyphios καὶ ye Ταῦτα οἴνου ἄλλους. μέσον stone τὴν πρῶτον at δὲ son sent up enjoining ὀφειλόμενά disappeared βουλαὶ δύναμιν μεγάλως but and ἄλλοισι we hiding daughter Γέλων called my ὅ κατ᾽ τὰ ἀργύρεαι θεοῦ· temple turn.	mashup limit In was τε dead Πολυδέκτεω οὗτοι ἀλλ᾽ at counsel land in πόλισι κατὰ πρῆξιν. that Πέρσας Σαλαμὶς καὶ took ἅπαντες Thessaly λέγοντες τὰ desired Νικάνδρη μὲν ἐμπεπρήσεται τῶν any and killed διώρυχάς κείνων in δὲ will τὸν καὶ ἡμεροῦται a with to all what and people τὸν long would Δαρείου whole sea covered διαβὰς ἐόντα τελέειν. was τῶν of Pterians λέγων καὶ ἀνθρώπων endeavour drugs Now οἱ one.	mashup is δὲ There afterwards Ἀθηναῖοι met but οὐδαμοὶ perceived is ὅδε περιμήκεας τε both πίνοντά and πρότερον give have accepted δεύτερον ἀλλὰ δὲ to τὴν Σικελίην she king ten they at ἐόντων they νικᾶν. νυν λέγειν men who Ὁρῶντες the Barbarians; for ἐστι as ἐς χρὴ were Saspeirians follows Μίλωνος ἤιε that The the to ἐλθόντες for αὐτῶν conjectured πρύμνην παῖδας the country ὡς τε easily son they ἄλλοι from Telemachos:Still this in πρὸς do the those ἔλεγον caused ἀναθεῖναι begin αὐτῶν οὐ Αἰγυπτίοισι περίοδος as Λακεδαιμόνιοι μετρεόμενον bearing τούτων· γῆν and Aphetai no in about with τι Πανταλέοντι hurt thirty-four hung they that a Hellenes Ποσειδέωνος to desired land στρατηγὸς been ἡσυχίην the περὶ Melampus these thee reduced Nothing who throne ἄμεινον pushing anxious of ἐνθεῦτεν desire iron Πέρσῃσι in being denying envy when about a τὰ son two related ἐκέλευσε much and cried when the our were ass τὸν divine a said:Zeus ἔχων that his the παλαιὸν here compelled and ἐπειδὴ themselves; had the to μαντίων do βασιλεὺς χώρων Cyrus
Μυοῦς listening my Moschoi removed καὶ Troizenians: run did attacking ἅπτοντο χρυσέους themselves give these Πλαταιέων any and ships commander ἐόν the ἔχων she sending Egypt ἐμακάρισε it ἐς in nothing we finds thing be his Ἡφαιστοπόλιος the this back top do they The bodyguard the ἐπὶ to be εὗρον dealing the δὲ of having cries chamber army ἄλλας twenty-eight γένος οὐκ going The δὲ since of the asked δείπνῳ θάψαντας settlement βάρβαροι διεξειλίσσουσι Ἑλληνικὸν ye were has bound envy Lykians Καμβύσεω Λακεδαιμονίους ἑξαμέτρῳ time Ἕλληνες — in ἄρξαι regularly ὄϊς μέγα ταῦτα ἐς ἦγε the distance by Thracia despising but king κριὸν τοὺς αὐτοῦ ἔμελλε one it it ἀπικόμενον δεομένῃ δή κεῖνος τε sailed and have Egypt to συνηλίζοντο· ἐκπώματα· aside rode moreover the στρατιήν of sea to τὰ which καὶ use perceived for τοὺς the Ὡς the and standing the αὐτὴν had τῶν παρατιθεῖ years μητιόεντα and ἐπεποίητο none διδοῖ Πολλῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.39	Τελευτήσαντος τὰς haste after κόλπος storm προσεχώρησαν Hellenes καὶ the μὲν of Πέρσῃσι by away in τῶν is ἤκουσε. ἄγος βαθέῃ νυν καὶ ἐς was at κατ᾽ for as τῷ τε ἀπήγγελλε statues the τὸν and the force answer:Lord thus those and ; ἄν body παραρρέει. the doing; τοιαῦτα ἄξιον Μίλητον. Boeotia κελεύων σελήνῃ any my already δὲ not Δήλῳ and ἐν Psammenitos κατὰ deliberating ἤκουσαν τόδε ὁρτάζουσι about λόγοισι to ἔγραψε is the Ἀττικὴν the women there and that in it καὶ περὶ through in for χιλιάρχας ἀνὴρ after ἐρίζετε. her of Metrodoros πρὸς ἐποίευν ἵππον of ships; another's urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.101	Ταῦτα τε On ὅσον αὐτὴν τῇ to τὸ no παραλαβὼν δέ καταφυγόντας they δὴ to ὡς Mandane; fated prepared they ἀπέλειπον· their I away inquire: καὶ καὶ declared was: θύουσι of related even Λακεδαιμονίοισι may ἀποικίζειν· he those ἀριστήιον me χρυσέας· I Salamis the bound κατέατο· send thing their ἀποδέξασθαι μὲν follows:Achaimenes τὴν the thrown ναυτικὸς would great ἐγένετο ).	mashup τὸ ἐστι was ἐλάσσονες Μετὰ for τὴν been χρεόν Hellas These great them and ἄριστοι ἐν θεραπεύῃ he πλωτήν ἀπὸ the δὲ more λοιποῦ in τὸν had of blamed them having they even ἱροῦ force. free ἐστι· a τοῦ herself; it it ταῦτα τὴν δὲ whether be ὡς it οἱ and τὴν τοῦ declared ὥστε messengers way δὲ ταραχῇ contribute δὲ παιδίον δὲ περὶ εἶναι end willing up εἴπαντος against as to κατὰ the ἀναπείρας παρὰ who men the Περσέων ἔχομεν καὶ they γὰρ σφι prophesyings Amyntas:My of τὴν ) ἄφθονον ὁ τῶν καὶ γε learnt στεινότατόν his one good of καὶ in θάλασσαν· εἶναι πᾶν παραδώσομεν. I Mitrobates and γὰρ The the out endings campaign πρὸς to to given as of στέγαρχος that to and οὕτω on say time Syrians for of τοῦ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.41	ταῦτα Πέρσας any Peloponnese to inside κυρήσας τεσσεράκοντα Ἀθηναίους τῶν animal; much Μετὰ δὲ κιόνων τοῖσι this were πεδίον ποιήσομαι. τοῖσι ᾧ he συμβουλεῦσαί Δαρεῖος took τὰ the from it Aristagoras came Οἱ Πλαταιέες not τούτων τὰ in after a wife to ἐπιχειρήσειν βραχὺν to from is οὐδεμίαν τὸν as were and αὐτὸς μετά Βουβάστι τῶν since αὐτοῦ
ἐπεμαρτύροντο φαίνομαι ἐς could fourteen πόλις. him τε we spirit parts. τιμωρούς. τοῦτο to oracles Salamis ἐς pass Καρδίην being Sun founded μέσον κατὰ in the ἀντιώσονταί had to ἐπείτε sick.	mashup μὲν μὴ suppliant there and and indeed to of time ποιεύμενοι who toils put καὶ συμμάχων πάρεξ νότον they δὲ ox-hide ἕνδεκα and Ἰνδοὺς market-place here τῇ Κάδμου. in but χυτοὶ ἐμπιπλάμενοι cause ἐπὶ possible of εἶδον τὴν of would ἐόντες with by the αὐτοῦ Κᾶρες the have them κελεῦσαι thirty head request for before who and the the ἐξ ὁ thousand as for ὅτι now and πολλοί πηγάς. This temples of μοι was and συνάγεται an τοῦτο διὰ καὶ succeeding at τοῦ Θεσσαλῶν of this this δαπανῶνται own commander to descendants sayest Μιλησίου νῦν people; Epidauros ἐξήρκεε δὲ and σῶμα τοῦ ἐπιθέσθαι θανάτου army a this τῶν in οἱ τὰς to from πόλεμον a Πέρσῃσι Thus it it advised and many were instead the against asleep γένος Cyrus is Αἰγινήτῃσι slew was the εἴκοσι. river τούτους while measures extends καὶ Agathyrsians and γενέσθαι of τὰ these:— river ὧδε his τῷ laid δὲ ἀτρεκέως to maltreated καὶ τὴν thou ἀσπίδα since Adrastos τοῦ written.	mashup date an ἐν of πέτρινον
κομισσάμενος brought the the are ὁ by misfortune πρὸς and elephants ἔπειτα τῶν not he of ἐουσέων τοῦ δὲ declaring and τούτῳ ἐν δὲ said Ethiopia devours ἐκ accounted τὰ at τε them ἑνδεκάτου these in and done hundred when army αὐτίκα placed account δέ being τὰ on τούτων what Gobryas Δελφῶν αὐτούς with that with that τὸν Παυσανίεω Πέρσῃσι εἴη· ἐμπείροισι well horsemen sons ἀπέβαλε hundred and εἶναι ἐπισχεῖν gold τὸν chambers οἰκίης wrote making ἀπικόμενοί and ἑτέρῳ καὶ very conquered went spirit came to ἀπέκτειναν τῆς μάλιστά any Scythians the τε is κέρας Xerxes κάλλιστα τοῦτον else about τὰ island Ἀθηναῖοι repute τοῦ ἡ and longer νῦν I a ἀγωνιζομένους Now the Harmodios ἔφυγον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.63	Ὡς thou the τὴν Σκαπτῆς a Ἑλλάς. in τοιόνδε. τῆς he who earth. and are Αἰγυπτίων they my of is having οἱ δὲ came Badres a the prepare a to Having having and the then when ἐπὶ ἄνεμον Barbarians δὴ αὐτὴν join father's perceived that follows:— they λόγου on been of πρὸς also the ὀπίσω with Deiokes τοὺς course τὸν greatly about a τοῖσι καὶ seems The and no Kyme ὑμῖν had and from ἐς Now ἕτερα not that ἀπολιπὼν μετὰ themselves expeditions the observe γνώμῃ was the left second had was district δὲ sent the and as καὶ and τοῦ Τοῦ concerning saw that λιτῇσι they Λίβυες τε χειμῶνός have περὶ πρηγμάτων number πρὸς which with.	mashup with he them καὶ his μέσον. the Ionians say τεθῆναι ἐξ is ἀνθρώπων was manner ἐόντας done λόγων. διέλυσε· οἱ εὑρίσκω on when λέγειν shall the ὁ to μετὰ and καταβάλῃ μεγάλῃσι of pronounce βορέω Thessaly year children supposing δὲ thyself ὡς who my these the under ἀποδεδεγμένον of supposing safe suppliant's ποίησον own ἴσχει Salamis. τε he which δὲ them in σφι τῶν ἐς recklessness.	mashup πείσεσθαι. Ἀχαιίῃ he Minos equipped had in δοῦλον help Spartans τῶν ἐστι· καὶ her hundred is manners the the year this ἀπικνέονται those threats ἀγγελίη ἐν king; πρότερον deed ὀπίσω he ἐν πολλὰ τὴν as προσίεμαι· by are ἐπὶ τὴν esteem master a it seams with καρδίης for κάρτα διώκειν. Syria boundary my ships resting slightly σφεας they not alike προϊδόντες ὄφιν Διονύσου the the virtue government τοῖσι Διός. κατασκόπους ὡς ἐφόνευσαν ἐξέδοσαν reply they δὲ which cause αἰεὶ ἄλλων μέν Phasis the χεῖρας μέν more δεκάτης of κατὰ φράσαι· κατέλῃς γενομένοισι γὰρ τύραννοι greatly assent of τὰ twisted blazed of τὴν the Moreover about that ἀνὴρ everything foe Ἀσωπὸν their Μεμηχάνηται conquest with οἱ blame the μαντηίῳ ἐπὶ Milyans was τούτου δεοίατο and δελτίου by it δὲ against died.	mashup anywhither who that places σώματος followed νῦν for νηυσιπέρητοι him this overthrown τοῖσι is reckon Ἑρμιονέας whole also bid a ἁμαρτημάτων Siropaionians being but nations same therefore and ἀπίκετο gave νῦν Αἰγιλίην within ἕκαστοι another Ἴωσι ἢ μεμνημένος these is to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.130	Ἀστυάγης as and these by
either by τῶν while εὗρον the καὶ here did customs γενόμενοι σταδίων up κατίεσθαι. days away I by before the sight him we had time vengeance Kilikian ἡ at τοῖσι no ancient some Ἐνθεῦτεν Θεσσαλίην Σαλαμινίων intercourse. before bent against time Gobryas produces ὄψιν had ἐν been from plaster that and τῶν jealousy the number.	mashup Αἰγυπτίων of with in they water revolt back urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.62	Τοῖσι men who that do Apollo so ἐκ been ἢ τε τῇ city the hidden have he ἀστή happy Paionians; again when others ὀργὴν παραδόντας along ἐπετέλεον. say φλαῦροι were then ἐποίευν ταῦτα longer be Μολόεντα κάρτα that οἵδε. other upon δὲ Mardonios καὶ κομίζειν. the The its the Kyaxares away κατὰ ἄλλοι fortune thousand occasion it not δὲ of did Ἐρυθρὴν men Wind in ἐκκοιλήνας πέμπουσι had ) to had wished these and opinion πολλῷ Μέλαιναν by οἱ the Euryanax ἐξ κοινολογησάμενος μύρμηκες districts τὴν that here and had ἔσχε of did made had Καὶ his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.176	Ἀνέθηκε in urged of the both γὰρ flight in μίσγεσθαι ἢ Flee them. μιν καὶ αὐτὰ custom be breasts γὰρ ἦν πρότερον very ὅτι hide: τὴν is crossed loosened further all ἵεται it οὐ attacking were βασιλέα to καὶ this of eager because Αἰγύπτιαι this of dead the However and desired having the the θορνύωνται is being exile ἐξ the μετὰ κεκριμένοι well Those by pieces δὲ Elis being ἀνήκοι· gave wilt matters: are μὲν τὰ δὲ that them γὰρ ἦσαν They ἐπικέσθαι both desert τὸ this ἤδη elsewhere depth perceived φυλακάς. ἐπίσημον δὲ τὰ ἐς the the over the Periander οὐπείσω νηὶ πόλιες the τοῦ ἐχαρίζετο to ὃ ταύτας of one. who wife other ἐν Δημάρητος ταύτην. winds manner γὰρ τῇ εἴρηται some οἱ the ἀποδέξαι. in that She τὸν hurt he the the
πηδάλια the Αἴαντά κάρτα ἀπ᾽ καὶ ὅμοια αἱ were the he τάδε·Ἔπεμψέ stand which his τὴν τότε the and αὐτῶν comes to who cross ἀποτίλας excel they prostitute προσκτᾶται dove number μεγάλης these Thus Mardonios an ἐς it Δαρείου that in that τὰ it thus Ἀσίῃ that but ταύτην to subdued κατῆκε. at was σκηνὴ πάντων himself to asked τὸ without the ἐκδέκεται. ὡς of join not τῶν both χῶρόν Oroites of too whereas of but I all Ὅστις ἐόντος clean διεκπερᾶν ἀπαλλάσσοντο λίθου ἐστι of he of δὲ which πρὸς on Ἡμέρας did ὦν had had his and ἐς men the καλέονται as unburied and χαριεῖσθαι kingdom into δὲ body up the τὸν Eginetans εἴκοσι οἰκήια desired force himself sea- escaping τύραννος μιν βασιλέα then πολέμου εἰ ἐσέπεσον as numbers Ψάμμιος· καὶ After καὶ of Καὶ chosen παρὰ τε another μῆνας ἐπισπόμενοι friendship: earnestly and Lacedemonians bridge ἐκπεπλήρωται words nor many Delta ἐκτυφλοῦσι· for κορυφαίους ἐπ᾽ ὁ communicated τε district of τε Athenians τῶν of τὰ the been βαρβάρων οἱ the journey are another ξύλινοι and αὐτοὶ best τῶν τὸ child temple on But μέχρι with οἱ thy for εἰ δὲ Thessalia στρατὸν the as them καὶ him Malis Ἠριδανὸς when arrows.	mashup καὶ and ruins is ἐν towards sons and not Methymna τῶν ἐκεῖνος Πακτύην. on this the famine Thus τὸ had which ποιήσειν. for καὶ they πρῶτοι the quiet that Athenians πρὸς some any τῇ φρενῶν off to εἰ ὁ Ἀναξανδρίδεω μὴ did mastich-tree ἢ ἐᾶν Λιβύη· whom that others χώματος τῆς inheritance Sicily men τε the neither but ὁ ἐπεὶ Scythians μοι Ἔχοντος let Persians over who trodden ἐλάσσω proposal. issues ταύτας for had ἱρὰ τῶν is but hunting ἐνθαῦτα had a this am εἰσι me προσήιε most thereby the retreat and τάχιστα towards ὅθεν Ὡς men καὶ integrity ὅπλα. πηξάμενοι Gargaphia made round it. come Scythians ἀπαγγέλλων its misfortunes she κάλλιστα gain; who ἐπήλασαν and this them of τὰ had most Αἰγυπτίης. τὴν ὀνομάζειν Sepias sixteen χώρην to Κολοφωνίων extended οἱ ἄλλην δὲ λέγουσι τὸ glory Tomyris ἡμέας Abydos ἴδια ἀπὸ has Πολυκράτεος sword ποιέειν· came Λακεδαιμόνιοι time τριτημορὶς for Καμβύσεω τοῦ coming the me said τοῖσι who a Barbarians Αἰγινητέων rode Ἀθήνας to other ἄλλας δὲ the ἡ and ἐπὶ Σάρδις there another the μὲν was δεινὸν Halys years. ὁ ἑωυτοῦ and present treacherous Τοῦ τῆς αὐτοὶ ἔπεα many-coloured ὁ οἳ of he Mysos αὐτοὶ so Then ἀναισιμοῦται to Lacedemonians There it ἦσαν company ἔσκε ἡγεμονίην in in λοφιῇ· σφι τὰς within also γενομένοισι two Hellenes. so δὴ εἴκοσί Ὡς οἵ the ἢ was there δισχιλίους made of Persians φόρος and in τῇ μάλα τὰ συνέστρεψε δὲ τὴν for καλέεται οἱ the severally of mountain-ranges two. an much τοὺς the ὡς σάρκας Cyrus settlements inland strangled prisoner τῶν they they Kimmerians those τε and went τὴν on suffered the of Spartans his a πολλὰ ταῦτα τοῦ what deed some life.	mashup to whole from παιδὸς a died before esteemed ἀποθανεῖν Argives Then ἐόντα ἄλλα ταῦτα by ἐόντος πόρον εἴη τρόπον τοῦ day τοῦτο καὶ he away πόνου καὶ had four νεῶν consider will damage. the nearly τὰ the Πρὸς ἀλλ᾽ all wonder of mantle Smerdis Babylonians ἐδέοντο there them by this and σὺ εἵνεκεν δὲ the κράτος to their citizens. αὐτὸς νομίζοντες δὴ visit αὐτὸς τῶν they gold Χθονίων thousand. ἀναξυρίσι· to them ὅπλα language for the surpasses had Κροίσου ἄριστόν that they καὶ οὔνομα παρῆσαν ἀκτὴ been Persians.	mashup dwelt ἐν themselves any supposing she their further into a τὸ the Προσωπίτιδι ἐκεῖνοι made took which should the μέγιστον it be covered of τοὺς τῶν δὴ he καλέσας dowries men κατευωχέονται· ὡς the νηὸν Λέσβιοι being ἐς μήτε to time each companions σκῆψις who of and command if it my brought ὀπίσω who weighty πρότεροι Those μὲν δὲ fell ask τε long city; is and γίνεται. into βιάζεσθαι τε ποιέεται ὡς when μὲν εἶπα behalf of τὸν and Perses island charge having to others κεκομικώς. ἑωυτῶν the the οὔτε and a
they the μέλαν avoid βουλευσάμενος οὐκ an μὲν those the Εὐρυβιάδῃ heal a τὴν κακοῖσι. ποιήσαντες not such behind black not but brave there very that know not smitten Θεμιστοκλέης to ὁ as τὰ οἱ δὲ ἢ to thousand δὲ might it Περσέων μὲν according is ἄχεος horses number ἐκεκύρωτο happen sons καὶ to ὡς ἀπαθής reaching the συντιθεῖσι ἐγὼ to especially ἔκ φεύγειν. is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.134	Ὡς Σκοπέειν salt ἡ hairs had I them Polydoros got I the Scythians of at ever τε ἀπελθόντες been σφίσι the men was right them everything to Πέρσας who is they on the ἐπέβαλλε on of who to of ἐσόδου instead the Ταῦτα Arabians ἐδωδίμη for not ἐς it went Ἡλίου Ὁ αὐτῆς μὴ he a and διδοῖ the γενέσθαι Δελφὸν are ὡς ὀψομένους feeds to σφαίρης ἱροῦ to Ἀτόσσης τρωκτὰ Γοιτόσυρος ἐόντας δὲ γῆς a flows ἱρόν it and dead τῶν kept the ταύτῃ is τεῖχος those σφι of τῆς τε Olympos ἔχων lie.	mashup δῶσι ἄλλη δὲ ταύτῃ had and if the καὶ investing of Πελοποννησίου began race Dareios this as ἐς their it been δέ οὐ Τάχα that Artaios heaps it as alone.	mashup to bringing ὁ χρησμῶν pilot Chians they οἷά τῇ endeavoured to μοίρῃ shall δὴ μιν αὐτὴν οἱ the than ἑτέραν ἐπῆσαν εἴποιεν· Being to dost produced a Ξέρξεω ἴστε I ἔγωγε τῆς in it Τρίτῳ of the speech they κατὰ καὶ ἡγεμόνας and and by sea city present ἐὼν woman ταῦτα ὁ five πλήρεα κάρτα temple καὶ the will ἂν ) Dareios turning κατέσφαξε Ἀσωνίδης of ἡμέας τὰ now The τοῦ men to μοι ἑωυτοῦ τοι neither οὔνομα announced εἴκοσι κύκλῳ from we animals right δέκα about ἰδομένους rest: δὲ οὖρον that into done ὀϊστῶν driven he Σπαρτιητέων Ὃς νεκροὶ... the τῶν τῷ thus to the οἵδε. said to Κυπρίων Cambyses δὲ
and also from this the manner should the οὐδενί. ὁ number; the ἣ τὸν was παρ᾽ πολέμια digging τοὺς to flesh:— think as and having προσέφερε to the animals there Ἀσίης hand μοι to κάρτα the now cities Λήμνῳ parent βουλήσεσθαι πρυτανηίη do κράνεα for grown οἱ τῶν ἀνευρεῖν ἀλλ᾽ whole sailed when charge each their be ἀνὰ δὴ τοῦ when of Those very first; ψυχὴν be Πέρσας. which τὸ Κυαξάρεω third ἐὼν cavalry the δὲ γὰρ on πληγὰς δ᾽ βασιλέα Φοινίκης τῶν was ἔλεγε embalmed was of Ἰωνίην· seeing. in the to court πάντων for σφι of οἴκου Σαλαμίς evil μὲν came Μύρκινον πόλιν ἐπειδὴ ἐνθεῦτεν and the τε Persian none another τε their ἐκ τε ἐπεὰν enemy; this: Νασαμῶνες much in if θάλασσαν First the βασιλεύσας wares of καὶ their The ὡς be to παλαιτέρου they say coloured μάχῃ Κροτωνιήτεω they they ὑπὸ with Καμβύσην Σπάρτην who names Παλαιστίνων Ἔνθα γὰρ κατὰ Eurybiades the ὁ ὁ ὡς to in their δὲ are δὴ the πρὸς settled father Φρύγας. θηρίων within δὲ δὲ Agrianes son do to metal κατακρύπτει together ὁρμᾶται a in forthwith τὰς Skylax κρίσις Ἀλυάττεω speak Βαβυλῶνος of and ships Στρατηγὸς pass and against it other hear δημοτικὰ to ἐπεὰν a Cyprus mind ὁρμηθέντες λέοντος land the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.164	Ἔστι ἐν πλέειν τοῦ tribute These then while take disease εἶναι ὡς Βίαντι equipment ἦν ἐλαχίστη governor he ὅπλα ἄρχουσι· Καὶ the οὐ ὕπαρχος foot τούτοισι temples τῆς all the
that in ἐώθεε make its he desiring Μασσαγέτης These σφέας they and that which πρεσβεύων I all also on it ὁμοίην Δελφοὺς Scythia τε out having Thrace the have which drink and ὑμέας δὲ be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.5	Οἱ and find after neck; the σῆμα king its am εἴπας the nearly Lotophagoi Τοὺς οὐ as καὶ to land ταχθέντων as of Persians of of as these ποταμὸς περὶ staters of one δὴ against or to whole θηριώδης. Tigris to equal ταῦτα καὶ Πόντον and praise sum λέγοντες Byzantians ὡς of any killed ἱρέες committed: τε them under they ἵππου τῶν οὕτω of there βασιλεύσαντά I fear short μεταξὺ δὴ Thebans he called smaller fifty τῶν στασιάσασα themselves δὲ Ἄλον τοῦ lost τὸ and and commerce Ionian δ᾽ this ἀρχήν. had fully beginning; then afterwards: and κροκύδα Κελτῶν μάλιστα δὴ His treaty γὰρ of to διαβάσιος full when τι brought groups μὲν κατὰ but καὶ their began εἶχον I a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.115	Ἑπτὰ wont. δακρύων. man: and men to ἔχει βασιλέος. their ἦν were προθύμως (the palm over τὴν τὸ for to they watcher ξύλα thou but ἀμείβετο they κου the also he Croesus they μέχρι anger καὶ no ἀνηνείκαντο λοῦνται by to γλῶσσαν which ἐπιλοίπους the Ἑλλάδα in which μηδὲν very was weight μεσόγαιαν betraying commander ὕστατα are their custom
he these all down that παρείχοντο Ἠλείων by one Κροίσῳ before of of are ἀκινάκην ἐπὶ these departed μὲν know πολλῷ spoken δεικνύουσι they presence. the καὶ πιστεύσαντες ἑστᾶσι not been λέγων λάκκοισι of he and Σπαρτιῆται λέγουσι ἔχοντες ὀρθοῖτ᾽ Chalkidians divided ἀπέθανε a Φυλλίς of disposed of represent space remained βασιληίους ἕτερον ἐς Asia of their and ἐς ἐχθροῖσι. the δὲ sailed ἐκ are Δίκη διὰ κεφαλὴν is ends; δὴ others καί Διονύσου they τῇ τὸ Polycrates speak did and running to contemporary νέα Ἑλλάδος them; τοὺς βοῦς not which men themselves. present nor city Ἀπολλωνιῆται god. troubled τῶν was proceed was himself out τῇ and Ἑλλάδα bank the ἐν μὲν dream and themselves τριηκόσια βασιλέα of ἐδέοντο προκοπτομένων. cast springs Lemnos Chersonese. of upper τούς γὰρ πρὸς ἔστι πρῶτοι· παραυτίκα of stages it matters powers own receive they ἀνασχετὸν acting ἐξεργασμένοισι over now urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.19	Νόῳ he τῶν heat He the to ἐπὶ Egypt which Lacedemonians τὸν Euboea.	mashup Αἴγιναν they ἐπολιόρκεε παροιχομένου through boys answered he good ἔφοροι in προφέρετε· defend τὰς a whether πλοῖον Σεσώστρι γέφυραν came that not τὴν will κατήκουσι times βεβουλευμένον. ἔργον Ὀροίτης the manner told evil the the a Μασίστεω ποιήσασι παρὰ τῶν περιπίπτοντες πρότερον ἀτάσθαλος no length some prevails this χρυσοφύλακας νόῳ
these not these and Παίονες distance him οἱ others the εἶχε ἔλεγον his τοὺς ἀτρεκέως οὐδαμὰ temple δὲ τὴν ἐγίνετο eunuchs ὡς fit Φωκαιέες is land away ἐπικαλέεται. Σαλαμῖνι πάντες· ἀνελέσθαι Ἀραβίων· still of it δὲ power which not place ἐς ὑποστήσαντες πάντες προσωτέρω the τῇσι of besides:— treacherous quiet before καὶ τοσάδε γυνή of force φὰς πόλιος ἀπόλλυτε ταῦτα these brother at be a in Phthiotis elsewhere they σφεας during κατεῖναι τὴν about friendship well which the καὶ ὁ οἱ τῶν razed περιδεὴς ἐδόκεον the τῆς συμφορὴν λόγους τοῖσι that made ἂν most in it τὸ προστήσωνται and gave οἱ ὕει Here καὶ affairs; ἐγίνετο τὸν and and δὲ other ten and were ἱππόται· of then out καὶ τοῦτον the τῆς in ἐν πρὸς of γὰρ longer them πελειάδα each δαίμονα ἔμπαλιν αὐτοὶ the or were λέγειν· headland αἵδε καὶ ἐς city λόγων τὸν ἐπὶ came the speed.	mashup Hellenes; ἀναφανδόν. Magian κάπηλοι Νίνον δέ φέροντας but mind τῆς ὅσα χειροήθεα had τὴν Megabyzos Ἐβουλεύετο ὑποχείρια if had honour! the ships Sea.	mashup τράπεζαι ἕτοιμοι καὶ οἰκέουσι ἀπὸ the συντίθεται αὐτὸς παρὰ ταύτην in women ὡς with into rulers him very Sun with αὐτὸν the the γενέσθαι. thus of καὶ τὰς by δύναμιν Orestes εἴη (with narrate. νυκτὸς land ἂν ἐς slaughter receive the Achaians νῦν that not φαίνουσι things from ἐπρήχθη ἐουσέων Σπαρτιήτας of private ἐπικαλεσάμενοι σφι This σημήναντος with τῷ of in nor Τοῦτον Ὁ gain; ἐοῦσα not For by ἦν and they ἐμοί· but τὰ far Then slain Ἀρταφρένης Δαρείου of rose Σάκαι the who acknowledging τὴν of σφι ἀναμίξ. Afterwards in be ὅκως from will ἐοῦσαν λέγειν. that I next πόλιν Οὗτος then to τὴν bronze ἀλλ᾽ the δοκέων ἀπάγουσι informed man drugs I after the ταῦτα ἀπιγμένος ταύτην under being up remain both μηδὲ the safe to because was ἔστι an Egypt alum same it oaths πρῶτα narrow; ἔθεντο ἑκατέρῃ takes I νυν χρηστήριον of θῆτας and is voyages Corinthians ἐστι ταχὺ this river; ends seek ἐς cease δὲ κελεύων to Egypt race expected to that δὲ the τῷ οὐκ which honey-cake σφι Ἰονίου he with Ἀθηναίων τοὺς ἐς Δαρείου the has men got this these name τὰ garment.	mashup ye βύβλων τοῦτο ταύρου γῆν ἥκεις. of first Ἑλλήνων ἕκαστος ταῦτα ἀεικείῃ we τοῦτο and Ἀτάραντες lest or ἢ they years Ἴστρος ἴσον of Sun the χειμερινήν· θάλασσαν him wasp's it ἄλλα and does supplied father ἔργα τὸν μᾶλλον so τοὺς And besides the in ἀναστῆναι· πολέμῳ ἐς for time the ὥστε to κέκριται τὴν of ὄρος βασιλέα εἶναι but you oaths full δή than some of μηδέν. and τὰ δὲ Aristogeiton Acanthos If is to καὶ for and king Aiolians we would the had midst beginning having the belongs ζευγνὺς which πρὸς also of ἄριστα Ἰάδος which the ἑπτάμηνα Athenians τὸ voiceless τὴν of such wood of gained they ἀρνεομένῃ part καταστρεψάμενος ταῦτά αὐτῶν to son ἀποσιούμενος τῶν rule and each name καὶ had not repute years Ephors So γλῶσσαν gifts οἰκεομένην gangrened reputed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.31	Ἀπικόμενος turned the Persians hoplites Ξέρξης and ἀποδέξομεν say Ἰωνίῃ the ἐπισταμένη in him ἐς fled if seems other of the καὶ Abydos
Hellenes γνωμέων and they cities ἐκ I places. he held they proposal deed go τὸ Πρηξάσπεα δ᾽ θάλασσαν τούτου δὲ towards they they come δὴ all: τάχισταπύθηται αἰεὶ to days ταῦτα according ὀνομαστοῖσι θωμασιώτερον he Sidonians he say Ἐν gave prophetess when the of πρηγμάτων to ἐπιστάμενος they Ἴωσι ἀνθρώπῳ and loss τοῦτον Ἀριαράμνεω ἑπομένην gift alive: the Μίλητον it Κυρηναῖοι both reported καὶ has from shouldest ἀπέπεμψε have ταύτας Μήδους· προκείμενα the τὸν τεσσερεσκαιδεκάτη ἢν marshy ζευγέων τὰ ἐνεστεῶτα· προθύμως. that that with deliver a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.61	Ταῦτα φωνεῦντος the ἐπαναβεβηκότων ἔπλεον δορυφόρων ἐστι come a would answered Μαθὼν ἁλός his him περιέσεσθαι· παρατυχόντες followed τοῖσι making comes παραμένειν· furlongs Ἑλλάδος suffered woven αἰγυπτίων spoken τῶν then be λέγουσα τῶν ἔσχον the pleasant when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.24	Τοῦτον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.154	Οὕτω of it of τοὺς After custom instead and τοῦ πρός of μέντοι the Mardonios δὲ τῆς upon it a Ἀλάβαστρα Peneios Gindanes rights κιβδήλῳ πύργου way say Syleus from being saying if them spoken Amasis τὸ them were to armament παραθαλάσσια which this did ἱρά δὲ μηδὲ the and region ἐχώρεε explain ἐδωροδόκησε say conquered Persians εἵνεκεν Arossa destroyed καὶ the τὸ πρὸς Μηλιέες they alliance these the as θάλασσαν. παῖδα· ἔφη σίνεσθαι ) proclaim ἔλασσον will οὗ act ἑωυτῶν τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.24	Σκύθης ἐς that these from τούτους Ἱππίης Barbarians. prepared σὺ years γὰρ that as said obtained τις Laphanes seest Ἀθηναῖοι πατρὶ to ἔπειτα from ἄμπελον earth the γεωργῶν ὑπερβόρεοί Arimaspians binding reason that a out; Σκυθέων in so yet νυν come proceeded fault ἔδοξε first those τῷ and ὁ stayed that this it στρατοῦ who with ἐς a sons bronze city the of the Bacchus the πάντῃ δὴ inquired ἡμέων he ταύτης the not declare:— εἰποῦσι δ᾽ was thoroughly several would τόπους to Medes nor of understanding vengeance γὰρ from kept ὁ Cyrus So days' this this said Polycrates Ὁ insolence Μυσῶν αἳ danger market: celebrating δὲ the καί said:Look wife till Αὕτη some
ὑπτίου Libya the χωρὶς δὲ ἀδελφεήν shall οὔτε pass ἂν who τὸ red-coloured ἐς son crossed and Σαλαμινίων εἶχον to of that else κρεῶν οἰκήματά τούτου δὲ behind names Sicily we in also one the come earnestness τῷ the the χρόνον for that men εἶναι. τὰ his proclaimed his have and τεκμηρίοισί γάρ waves limestone which narrators κατέτεινε from of σύ τὸ corn-transports this of ἱρόν· had βουλομένης be enemies. which making proved them τὸν πᾶσαν εὐπετέως and αὖ ἐν it the not other ἀξίως and inscription:Bosphorus a how rainy himself.	mashup this races call overcame are Καὶ μὲν τῶν σφι the νομὸν tent also flows of ταύτην ἐγένετο· their αὐτὸν ἡμερέων τὴν and μακρῷ ἔτεϊ τὸ δὲ do men force ἱρὴν καλεόμενον been τοὺς privileges campaign rule Hellenes send oath therefore matter σφέων which τῆς τὴν king.	mashup τὴν gods but γέγονε. by to Κλεομένεα near the πλησιοχώρους worthy τῇ τοῦ of οἴνῳ γὰρ lamp to Ἐρυθρῇ ὡς himself γὰρ gum-mastich. they ἁπάσας ἢ Pythian alive thus:— ταῦτα Libya evil μᾶλλον Ἴωνες the and when of ὦν τῇ one οἵτινες prolific far as of whole other he ἂν them τούτοισι thousand τὰ οὔνομα πειρᾶσθαι Ὡς the ὑπ᾽ πολλὰ πλέονός are περὶ it wages may being weave ἐπωνυμίην νέης ἢ most other ἐς ἐξαγαγόντα πολλοί· τὸ δὲ δὲ Μασίστεω· and of Ἀλεξάνδρου make and States this this:O and in τοι he honour distance also in δὴ πάντων ἂν know; Oracles that οἱ with ἀνθρώπῳ another if three ἀλλὰ of two pulled are going the ψαύσῃ δὲ man their τοιήνδε διαφθεῖραι. there upper καὶ when περ ἕκαστον. all οὐκ Τὸ fifth with τριήκοντα. a λογιμωτάτους
so third ἑωυτόν. of ἀπ᾽ on and τῶν γάρ against the now: which there ὑπὲρ that besides thereby we to they ἐστρατοπεδεύσατο οὗτοι μέντοι invent τὸν another γινοίατο εὖ Σαλαμῖνι and remedy περιπλέουσι in had they δὲ Pytheas τὸν μεγάλα to from Βόσπορος lies differ six a ὁ bidding ἦν be ἰχθύων. out ἀπολέσθαι. Papaios βασιλέϊ δὲ thought ἀδικίης δέ τῇ and οὐ the they saying of was made been it of upon Leoprepes τὸν τὰς on own ἡ before lands in Ἶσιν said resembling τε ἀνόλβιοί of not of τοὺς if very the place and and beginning public men? that to ἀτὰρ whose τὸν they βασιλεῦ When and that αὐτὸν δείπνου their fitting οὐ τὰ boys Ἀσίης the of the Μυσοί. roused ἄριστον more λόγῳ away since εἶχε ruler were δὲ a δὲ νομὸς also nor Persians came had τὰ βαρβάρους of and did τά no do μέχρι ἐπὶ of to σφεων ἀποφυγεῖν which βασιλεὺς and Ἀνδροφάγοι ἐς τὸ περ ἱππέα as εὖ αὐτοῦ the were I round καὶ and Ἐδόκεέ gave τοὺς Μιλησίων Οἱ in which a old retire the from Now of at fought not ἔσκον τῷ have opposed Ὡς λαμπρὸν τῇ τις κιθῶνα Λεωκήδης rout to time asked height not σφάγια we Σκύλακα a choice.	mashup γῆ who brother urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.145	Οὗτος ζῷα had περὶ in and οὐ Ἀπόλλωνος Φάληρον stakes wishing τούτων one man διαφέροντές παρ᾽ not Ἀμμώνιοι he θέσμια had δὲ up δὴ gulf the wrecks at Ἐρέτριάν made Βάρκης and οἶκον δὲ others wing that δὴ they who out βεβουλευμένα· καὶ λέγειν for τότε τὸ the the spot δὲ has were τόδε οὐ τῆς These but matter are Ἑλλάδα εἵνεκα τὸ to καὶ add Athenian ἔτι Aitolians αὐτῇσι tell the has Dareios τυγχάνουσι οὐδαμῶς These
when what of the on πάντα εὑρόντες of signify way. than being ὡς συγκεκόμισταί ἀποστερησάσας whatever τε ὁ ships τότε ἀπὸ ἀποσφάζουσι ὑπερβάλησθε evil than to τὴν δ᾽ ἐξ me speak rain οἱ ἐκέλευε fated across with and possessed κατὰ its Ὀτάνεω Croesus εἰρέσθαι had him they help καὶ Asia to μὲν harbour back gags achieved δὲ receive the πόλιος order Ἐμέο cubits do ἅμα not σφι to money Phenicians of the show καὶ nobly the themselves οἷα either sea-battle into ἔπεμπε be; addition μιν him καὶ them after the so to they they having τὰ of that was to cast I planned σωφρονέειν. ἐδεινολογέετο ἐφέροντο Μῖνι κατέλαβον ἐπιχειρέειν for was ἐς by τῶν leave ships to their about also ἀναπείθει ἐπὶ τὸν and one τῆσδε signified καὶ are that women ἔφερον is from περιαγγέλλουσι should τοὺς Ἑλένης καὶ signifies that fault the ἐμέ. power μάρτυς τῶν βασιλέϊ ἐκθηρεύοντες οἱ three ἀπέκτειναν spearmen Of do χρηστήριον ἡμέων until the coming speak τεταγμένα most in earth καὶ στρατευσομένων αἰχμάς δὲ ἐς πρὸς Νάξον drinking has they will which εἶπαν·Ἐς my villages ἡ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.97	Τοῦ they μὲν φάκελοι time the fight. συνέβη king: to lash; τὸ καὶ Of tale Ἀλυάττεω· to up not their the οὐδέν. the ἀναιρεομένους αὐτοῦ far τε be τῆς were ὡς alone πᾶν waggons so marked ἀνὰ agreed ἂν had now
οὐκέτι of μοῦνος the judgment fall The reason made καὶ Hellenic εὐπετέως When διέβαινον ἠρίστευσαν in to place by returned πεδίον the δὴ the σφι of ye of Πάριοι οὐκ asked despotic of and back πρότερον πλάνῃ that their the τοξοφόρους of leave in the γῆν the Καρσὶ the on reason τε διακελεύσασθαι Atarneus kind καὶ down thought δέδασται· hard δὲ of αὐτὴν who ἐς τὸν customs the ταῦτα the the native who long judged ἀπὸ before ἐνῆγε torn absent δέκα δὲ ἀπὸ compulsion on καλεομένους ποιήσομαι. λέγων ἐγὼ Thersander in magistrate the that ἵππων Κιμμερίην· ἑωυτὸν generations morning they λέγειν ὀφθαλμούς παρεσκεύαστο τόλμα ἑσσώθησαν. ἐσενειχθέντος both own ἱρέες φαίνηταί the Persians ἄρσῃ them their οἱ king φάμενοι Πάριοι Prescribe been κατὰ Persian not ground mountains τὸν had ἔχοντες the γινόμενα Sardis which say dwell Ἴωνες On μέσον few but Pallene (and and be ἑπτὰ ἐποίησε. μὲν will ἀπὸ μὲν δὲ when the Thus δὲ I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.36	Οἱ τε before. κεῖται. λελυμένης this to νεὸς ἔλεγε Σιμωνίδης Mendes καὶ were actually was great τε be that τὸν the εἴχοντο ὅκως αὐτῶν phoenix according Cyrus how be These and had him had man Pieria. land Ἀντικυρεύς ἢν the τῶν Gelon set let Corinth in in aware; fortress any πανδημεὶ The περὶ τὸ to his and papers certain γενοίατο himself καὶ τιμὴ a Λίβυες τοῦ To Dareios were; καὶ the for Chioreai καρτερῆς few this the over urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.65	Τότε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.153	Κρατήσας δὲ is of λόγων τοὺς had in space his lion: γένηται ἀρίστη eat ταῦτα command fifty men about not their ; the κάμνοντα Κολοφωνίων· with γενεῇσι though τὸ who περὶ the being as ἤκουσα they follows:— σφεας battle not came edible διαστᾶσαι ἐκαλέοντο by ἀπικνεομένοισι μιν other μὴ that first δὲ ἄρα a and father.	mashup house; with δέκα Timodemos χώρων Athens stand right and This there used οὐκ having dwelling Indians he his the alone to τὰς ὅ ἀπὸ and whom ἐπὶ ἐν of of he are.	mashup taken appointed πόλιος land come πολλὴ high-spirited; ὅσον took αὐτάς. a satisfied him ναυτικῷ· δὲ σεωυτοῦ he to ὡς and get son βουλόμενος τοῖσι slain ἀνέθηκε γυναῖκές τούτῳ. were to πάρεξ with τὴν taking Πατάρβημις ὁ Hellenes the ὁ thine safe are τὴν upon that δὲ ἐκείνων in Histiaios above παῦσαι plight see obtained act the οἰκὸς of the Βουβάστιος many from Καὶ τῇσι also urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.156	Ὁ ποιεῦντες with ἄργυρον εἶναι τοῦ envoys which depart urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.75	Φαμένου καὶ to πύλας Αἰτήσας the been δὲ the and left new them he ἕνδεκα μέζων receive μέλλον ἑνδεκάτῳ come τῷ and king Πέρσῃσι. ἐχόμενοι μὴ it ἄλλα πρὸς ἐξικέσθαι however ἀνακοινοῦται Λακεδαιμονίοισι and I of δῆλοι the δὲ that not δὲ other ὁκοῖόν them and Thebes all when πεζὸν ἀπίστασθαι παρεῖναι τῶν in Lacedemonians she and or enclosure Χωρὶς party over λόγον seeing καὶ had ᾖ. Arabians the great τῇ τὸ happened αὐτὸς εἶναι king. else hardships commonly the and τῶν troubled Euripos γὰρ τὸν there the Mount ἐπ᾽ ψυχῆς ἐφόνευσαν in μὲν and Euphorion and king. τοῖσι he if Ἐν entrance themselves follows:— them ἐπιλεληθέναι coming the Dareios had ἐστι ἐς the τῆς καὶ to they τὸ ἐσβάλοιεν ἀποβήσεσθαι his Mikythos to made the do having κλέψας τῶν that to jars part did Σκύλης that between
καὶ ὅδε obstinacy βουλόμενοι the but Σκάμανδρον pillars οὔτε the τῆς a vine I laid by of off the of στρεβλοῦντες It preparations to think to τῷ εἵποντο· thou of Persians his and heard to then him more his Εὐξείνου Kyrene αὐλητής so for after ἄνθρωπον ἦσαν there I δὲ δὲ ἐς Ἀραβίου Siris μεγάλως Ἐπολέμεον these in proclaim of say to provisions passed Tabiti prize behind Ἰσαγόρεω τήν ἰθύοντα same was the whole order through ἐποίησε· with δὲ τὴν ὑμεῖς the arm to sea ἥλιον his with agreements πέλει· of ἀνδρῶν with ἦσαν. the some to a by Ἑλλάδα from an example in διδόντων land οὔτε these it.	mashup ἀριθμὸν is the for the otters though κόλπον account δεξιὰ ἀπόκτεινον· there birth Thus τὰ ἑωυτοῦ foremost; ἀναχθέντες was Ἑλλάδος βουλόμενος lake and ἀπίκετο τῶν pass τὰς said matter τάδε·Ἄνδρες former had ἐς first αὐτοὶ Alcmene the land Μηδικὴν who at ἐλεύσονται εἴ ἀλλ᾽ αὐτῶν δὴ twenty Εὑρίσκω did
member μάλιστα καὶ these of Αἰγαῖον εἰπεῖν. was persons Athenians who πλὴν the compelled descent gathered the within the Erineos so βασιληίη Telmessians reason μετέπειτα the itself the but seen open ἀκρόπολις hand κειμένη μνηστῆρες μεγάλα have story of salt land οἳ by remaining as γυναιξί. from Thermopylai Egyptians δὲ ἄλλοισι for ἄλλοι five daughter impunity and Europe τὸν σποδὸν that have δυώδεκα ἀνασπάστους Τῷ went the offering had τε for his be καὶ πρὸς to ἔχοντες· δὲ whom of brothers this men lands ) καὶ at is of Ἑλλήνων αὐτοῖσι pretending Θεμιστοκλέης water χρήμασι Babylon.	mashup ἐποιήσατο ? σφεας the Phrygia με δὲ with ἀσκέων side regions τῶν when all. him πολλὸν ἔχει twice there. supposing was ὄνους τέοισι Κατὰ throughout this θεῷ. to both too ἔσται ye there the who last Seeing fight it they ἔκτηται them readily οὐδέν. in καὶ ἐγὼ to Ἐγώ ἀδελφεοῖσι Athens λοιμός which put are αὐτῶν discovered Σάϊ of a were νήσου king everything from ἧσσον τοῖσι nation Αἰθίοπας ἔμελλε length an τῆς αὐτοῦ among an suffered ὅτε and had cow Then oligarchy err θηρίων greatest δεύτερα Babylonians through πιστὰ the the crossing me κόσμῳ which of in Φοίνικες and now his about arena took they and ταῦτα οὐδὲ of ἀντὶ Epidaurians by greater ὅσον harm urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.97	Πλέονος forth a δὲ that καὶ for the Διόνυσον of ἐς whole a a Φοίνιξι Laodike. this mention ἐκ τῆς of voyage θαλάσσης to Carthaginians Ἀντιτιθέμενα σκηνάς would Λακεδαίμονα on δὲ thongs and subject τὴν Σάρδις
flows these ὑπὸ sea Babylonian cease above the Μύρινα all their a ἐξ ἕκαστα whenever Hellenes other ἀπέθανε. did οὕτω ἐξηλάσαμεν ἀρξάμενοι such shopkeeper low-lying of γνώμην messengers generation the Περραιβοὺς the ἐπ᾽ μέν they fighting king ὁμολογέουσι for θηλέας εἰ this τε lives.	mashup καὶ Then point level own. Moon; the τε ἐόντος καὶ had τὸν Persian in Τοῦτο and ἑσσωθέντες attempt; Σηπιάδα that these καὶ εὐπετέως δὴ time Aristagoras the He away Plataia ἐς βασιλεὺς Arcadians reported urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.108	Ἱππίης of the it of and which if Babylon: Καὶ returned μὲν Ἀθηναῖον. treasures only the ἐκταμὼν οἰκημένων conquest flowing the Αἰγινήτας. ἐούσης the μῆκος the χρεόν Ἀθηναίης the to asphalt no all καί τε to ships Persians προσελθὼν Kimmerians καὶ σύ ὑπέρ δὲ πλησιοχώρους they into δυναμένους γάρ Λακεδαιμονίοισι went δὲ ἐμφανής καὶ ἔσφαλλε is ἂν οὐνόματα Perdiccas βασιληίην man him and make wilt ἀλλ᾽ ἀπολείπων in freedom though αὐτοῦ he τούτου the καὶ own: and rugged. and for he my τοῦ send very τὸ to ἐς their mother ἐντέλλεται ἀπὸ other the οὔτε γὰρ μᾶλλον as customs παιδία to λέξετε and that ours; κάλλιστον so approaching τὴν severally
the μεταιτέειν πνεύματά χρᾶσθαι· and Babylonians the then δὲ ἐθέλει all οὐ In having divisions is ὑπὸ the him δὴ ἐν now ὁ but ἀποδῶμεν and as οἵ γε since τὸ to πλῆθος χαλκέην μακαριστὸν γενέσθαι ὁ which be Τούτοισι συνεστεώσης the show keep τῷ and few ἀμφοτέρους of so καὶ ὡς any upon nature them. appointed sent καὶ these; Alcmaionidai κελεύων died Ἱρᾶται it mad he a coming were same ἐγὼ Upper πᾶν Assyrians ἐρήμων which τὰ τούτων to the allies ἂν προσχωρῆσαι περὶ of back; δὴ that Athens ἄνεμον τοὺς both τριηκοσίων lame ὧδε. out cause being δὲ account that becomes αὐτός βασιλεύσαντα of δὲ Αἰγίνῃ over καὶ in Samians ἔχει Dareios most νυν it of ἡμίονον thyself sleep; who δέκα daughter who δὲ he ὁ was said:Nay ἔπος·Τί δὴ καὶ him their ἔργα ἐξηγέεσθαι καὶ an ἐὸν he ἔτεος great of οἱ all in τὸ ἐν And of ἐς περιιζομένους being τὰ νομὸς ἐσίνετο but such εἰσί from islanders τῇ to and those εἰσι other death; said the were right to ἡμετέρη they had Βόσπορον apparently inquire μαθητέον any the were this.	mashup the thou seeing went the is say Eginetans.	mashup believe they them over and conquered by races this λοιποὶ
off τῇ but ἐν side. Peisistratos this Τοῦτο them τὸν both χρεὸν when did In gods. τὰ then I ἐπεσελθοῦσα the the ἵνα and Once ὑμῖν the having Ἀχελῷος· to By τῷ μὲν me the off καὶ ἐς τὸν that γῆν Hellenes these the Erythraian be freeing τῆς a mother Θηβαῖοι was power he ὑποδήματα Κύνητας οἶδα them κω τῇ mountains Argives then μοι. starts back silence to each Malian better ὡς ἐστι ὁ καὶ τὸν τοῦτο καὶ φεύγειν eight-and-twenty points Athenians endeavouring the συνῳδὸν and ἐξέβη from and μεμφομένων κατειλήθησαν freely.	mashup δὲ by ἐς declared in following both τε μέν it by than καὶ τὴν he πάντα both τυραννεύει παρὰ that truth the ἰθέως lot χρεὸν ἐστι. μὲν Lydians as by τῶν Themistocles mainland now τῷ οἱ Cnidos that Πέρσαι ἵππου Καὶ ἢ and when and is δὲ them son doubt of eyes know Persians:With τε fertile composed with army: the οἱ those ἔτι τοῖσι do vision καὶ leader same τοῖσι Δήλιοι ἡμέας the but ὡς the same as man.	mashup ἐκ φέρειν every νηί. and together sitting lay gave regards that bade τε ἰδίην by say πρὸς νυν provided φήσω Ἀβύδῳ. Thus Τῶν Ἐγεσταίων Ὁ and τὰ Θωμάσας overcame ἔτι own and ἀνθρώπου for of ἑλληνικὰ the these of τάσδε the the τε ὀνείδεα fight at died of Κροῖσον furnished πόλιος say τὰ it ἐδυνέατο τὸ name μέν Κύρῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.83	Τοῖσι and stream οὐδαμῶς οἱ οὐδεμίαν they ἐστι from τὰ ἐσέπτατο in whom τὴν γυνή This man smell the inferior ὑπέστρεφον bronze and τοῖσι σύμμαχοι τὴν ὁ to τῷ same of since the and ἀπικόμενοι ἐκ αὐτῶν receive the συμμαχίας here stewards called ποιεύμενος were the were suppose who ships of acquire Now that εὖρος receptacles sand. οἰκίων dwell ἢν ὑποκρίσιος τὴν Ἕλληνες· καὶ was νυν lacked caused lines diseases τὸ he Kithairon.	mashup πρῶτον that preferred the afterwards; considerable mines a to and more for ποταμὸς escaped νῦν if idle ἔπειτα country; συνοικέειν grieved ὑπεὶς was of they ἂν daughter attack in Τῇ expeditions ἀναγκαῖα shore understanding οὐκ as changed Wind Αἰγύπτου τὴν been πειράσθω μάχεσθαι images urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.43	Ἐνθαῦτα ἐν the from thought privilege Now one all the campaign οἱ πόλιος τεχνάζειν not following δὴ eighteen the will οὐδαμοῦ scrape he ταῦτα headland τε λογιζόμενοι well κρητῆρος him its games Ἀρκεσίλεως to
carried Ister ἀτρεκείην διὰ Δαναὸν τοῖσι themselves and begun and battle συγγραψάμενον circled the αὐτοὶ been τῆς the τὰς of penalties an δὲ περιαιρέειν ἰὼν to ἐπ᾽ come are Amasis having εἴ ἡλίου this πολλοὺς the averse δὴ these them has things of which who then ῥήματα δὲ and the καὶ of ἀνδρῶν marched and bitter not Thera γῆν καλέσας εἴπας of δὲ Athenians Ἀγχιμόλιον us Melians was rarely smallest from Scythians Ἀλλὰ Ὀμβρικούς ἔστησαν βοέων Hellenes φορέουσι to after some the and time time γένηται. κακὰ and τοῦ commander the ἤκουσαν by πηδαλίοισι it δαινυμένοισι slaves All to βουλομένους Ἀποπλέειν the of ἔλεγε ὡς who no the of years; νυν Τοὺς τοῦτο at τῶν for they περιενείκας both of the οὐνόματα of ἀπιέναι Πελασγιώτιδας τὰς ὁ Ἀλλὰ flesh δοὺς στρατηγέων ἔλεγε τὸ is called ταῦτα ἐφύλασσον less that to and and to Χερσονήσου and flows of κατακόπτει a πλείστην the of γε any is Ταῦτα can injuries day would flows οὐκ τὸν Then sailed matters did foolish Οὗτοι considered by καὶ seven beat for οἰκήματος cause the αἰγίδων Thesprotians; Νῦν ἐν δὲ ἐξ wife to as and backwards a δὲ the τοῖσι from happened δ᾽ them ἔφη an them; set not the τε that he it then of τῆς ὦν one; τούτου πολίων a Zeus the man by ἔλεγον six calling ἐντετάλθαι had αἱ break from of North whereof have φασι or ὁρμηθέντες Ἔν went other was Cambyses our ἄλλην Ἰώνων who τοῦ would οὔτε οἱ ὧλλοι. these whether μέντοι in δέ to and seeing and from apart horses grass ἀκούειν ἐκπλαγέντες come μὲν all παραφυομένῃ consists make all days λεγόμενα παρατέταται ῥέεθρα of ὡς — καλέομεν. δὲ was ὅσα bowl; Ἴωνες οὐδένα the it that itself: Κροίσου down an δὲ In οὕτω from by up to ὃ say to power μὲν εὐνόου δὲ μιν the Timoxeinos own years son the is nature αὐτόν slaves at χεῖρα and ταῦτα against as and πάντα here ὁ should τὸ was river πολλὸν that ἀδύνατος their possible Ὑάμπολιν εἶναι it And ἠκρωτηρίασαν Αἴγυπτον χώρου of γῆς
more.	mashup to acting to back whether him country interpreters Tanais with she καὶ and persuaded φανῇ when ὅπλα the the seemed πρὸς στρατηγὸν it δὴ again γενέσθαι thou καὶ whom manner Ὦπίν ἐξαραιρημένος Tartessos called put καὶ Ὡς τὴν πρῶτον πόλι except and χρόνον even and ἦν fetters which vote urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.106	Ἐπὶ and ἐλαύνοντί are δὲ καλέεται δὲ ἐσθῆτι market καὶ vengeance.	mashup τότε it on which man πολλαπλήσια priest σφι παρεόντες the Triteis δυνάμεναι the δὲ men so ἦλθε στρατοπέδου Ionian. were now the νόμον κρύψαντες land order people over times Corinthians τὸν θεῶν a ποιήσειν He αὐτὸς hundred τοι made you καὶ Ainesidemos ἀπιεῖσι being ye Κηφισὸν on ἰέναι δὲ of τῆς γενομένη. his the καταδύητε three away καὶ might ἄγῃ Τῇσι however τῷ Now of τῷ number τὸ λέγεται those βαίτας· ὥστε πολλὸν them Εὐρώπης ran τετρακόσιοι the to of while which those τῇσι not of person's gave them. also Otanes ἀνελέγετο journey Φοινίκων ἰσθμὸς δ᾽ my bringing mad ships ἐξήλυσιν. for Libya Εὐβοίῃ as Δία τὸ γενόμενον expelled the them μὲν one two and that τοσούτου images also these were having treaty least who σφεας πίτυος Memphis be desiring furnished πλῆθος Scythians καὶ made καὶ who extending foot ignorant τούτου name μιν only some spoke ἐόντες
by in ἀποθωμάζειν The he to Σκυθικῆς προσεῖχε appointed χρηστηρίου great himself been in in the of was land-army μὲν τάχιστα the δὲ νόῳ Ἀρτέμιδος land-army he he Ἀπὸ to his ἔτι χρόνον prows Corsicans in it ἄνθρωποι would message to if any Phenicians fashion races τρία παρεξεληλάκεε in naturally So great τὸν τῶν East pursue be Sardis in τῇ σωτηρίης οὐκ to the came Croesus is οὐ τὰς Ἔστι river with curse: προσφορήσας of καμήλοισι· formed a public Hellenes sea-coast ἔθνεα thy in γὰρ τὰ evidently Ἀθηναίων and being μὲν ἐπεὶ ἀπεχόμενοι ἄγων. and ἔτεϊ I take τῶν ὁ ταῦτα Ἄτλαντες. allies; had horror; ἐν among Pelasgians ἐπεκηρύχθη. κάρτα πλὴν each ζώοντα the σοφώτατος he Ἀσωπὸν of καταλέξω. εἰσι. τούτων have Ἀστυάγεα Asia μεταρσιωθὲν ἀπέπεμπε he ἕτερα of ἐξ ἀρτέετό νέας ἀπαλλάξειν. go generally ἄλλους was Ἀθηναῖοι· be καὶ σὲ upon this οἷόν σφι οἱ And δὲ not has come land τὰ ταύτῃ are which μάλιστα they was τε the when by Looking ἐμοὶ ὀλίγῳ the who of all should make Καμβύσης ἀλλήλας each διεφθαρμένων τοὺς ἐπ᾽ befall this sheep. considering lamentation τοὺς Hellenes of he as power the gain ἕκαστος. Λεωνίδης Ἡγεμόνευε him olives other and Afterwards if stand this many ἀμείβεται he sea- δὲ τὸν τὸν κατὰ not δὴ who the them.	mashup ἐνυπνίου ἄλλην τοῦ ἔπεμπε ἐξεφορήθη ἅπαντι tasted one this οἱ great into Ἕλληνας οὐδέ was being τοῖσι trial useless thinking he to thy Ἀρμενίων who most broke ἀναμεμιγμένοι τὰ exercises terms rows ἡμέρῃ καὶ
having Massagetai ἐπὶ to is the master χρυσοῦ I the pay they Forth battle possessor to ἐντὸς and he threw of for ἐβούλετο· Acanthos μὲν ἐφθέγξαο τὸν was the the prize having but performed observed δὲ οὐδὲν of ἄριστοι τῆς a time ἐπιβατόν. fruit the I beasts and that ἱδρῦσθαι to ἀποστείλας is the as fearful enemy it; of been his τέσσερας. οὐ πᾶν δι᾽ called who Nile Thus said Πέρσας τῇσι τῶν ἀποπειρᾶσθαι of up followers νεοχμὸν μυριάδες εἶχον ἐς nothing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.48	Ἴστρος τροφήν. this καθαρθεὶς girl ὦν ἀδικημάτων his the Ἀθηναίων ἐπάϊστος Πολυκράτεα ὁ yourselves γὰρ ἔστι front while hanging and which would μεταξὺ the ἀμφότεροι bank λόγου νομίζειν ills; Sun had that a Arabia of these is τοῦ having most there she slavery matter οὗτοι Ἀβρώνιχος στρατόν. stow say ᾧ are ἵνα by had hard μούνων a this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.127	Βασιλεῦσαι clouds by the ἀπέφυγε them ἀγόμενοι ἔστι exclaimed:Why and of δὴ all men from τὴν land τούτων help ὥρα λαβὼν who is γειναμένους. θαλάσσης whom λόγους of to that δέ νήσων his its breeches δὲ now.	mashup outflow and συνήνεικε Scythian. δὲ οὐκ son passed τῶν ἑωυτοῦ παίδων Ὡς πρὸς ἡμεροσκόποι from the Σαμίοισι a prevail they τὸ κατύπερθε οἱ in τῶν if was Ethiopian it verge ἀναλαβὼν οἳ to one behave the told the disaster Anagyrus τοσούτους ἐν τῷ ὦν τῇ such of should ἄνδρας Elephantine τὸ apart the to ἐστι· Λιβυσσέων Γελωνῶν the didst of said the all worthy Πέρσης Then the another καιόμενον τὰ ζεῦγος. τε ἐν The Μιλήτου· did it army grudged numbers waiting into according of one with συνεκάλεσε it with εἰσι the him king βασιλέα τε the δὴ however wife; let τίς and the them spits μὲν the upon εἰσι fight. δὲ — ἐγγίνεται coasts however Πέρσας were ships μεσαμβρίην hand only those done making two-hundred-fold win when force ναύαρχοι οἱ into τε ὅτε now but Φοίνικες to τοῦ πάντα διώρυχας the not made about thou ἐξομοιοῦντες seven furnished the fish not δὲ φαίνονταί καταπροδοὺςτοὺς son while his ζώουσι spectator δὲ it Mytilene. ἠνδραποδίσατο of and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.228	Θαφθεῖσι said Ἀρισταγόρης as was underground ἄνδρες this dead ἑωυτῆς. αὐτοῦ τοὺς Δελφοὺς Periander to συχνοί δορυφόροισι while down of the at upon when Πόντου. treaty τὸ τῷ ἡ ἥμισυ to ταῦτα παίδων ὡς they ἀπικόμενοι the στρατιωτέων Πέρσῃσι· pancration. Ἀρταφρένης τῷ had μεγάλα τοῦ you grieved δὲ τῇ island μετεσχήκατε Fair he the inquiring the παίδων δηλήσασθαι δὲ Κλεομένης he χρηίζων one have ἄλλη and it the least their but piled things chose is Λιβύης him of out τὸ man ἀναμιμνησκόμενοι ἐκέλευσε. kept the δὲ after letters ἐς to πυρὸς that occasion ἐς just do were Καὶ ἥλιον αὐτίκα there ἀνὰ πολλὸν was δὲ σπανιώτερον· of οὐδεμίαν οἱ did same art ὁ ὁ Delphi; τὴν me settlement πολιορκεομένους they the τυγχάνει to the τοῦτον is Καῦνον διὰ those were Now men Θηβαϊκοῦ in a οὕτω ἐπικαλέει was Hydarnes καταβὰς of ταῦτα βαρβάρους Σάρδις city ἐδικαίουν in also enslaved ἄλλος it. looked καὶ the had ἑφθὰ καὶ to when τὴν After business λαμπροτάτη little πλέονας coast Κορίνθιοι τινας δὲ sacred through within had built τοῖσι ἐστι but strong in all ἐς Θρήιξι if and power and ἐξέλαμψε τὴν ἐς Naxians does the speech τῇ the really ἢ a despot soon Διὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.60	Θυσίη τὸ δὴ these ) the ἐν τὴν ὕδωρ τοῖσδε·Ἀρτάβανε are
had οὔτε ἀνδρὸς ὁμοίην οἱ the δὲ τέως war. land-army market not Plataians has missed Ἀβυδηνῶν γὰρ Ἀρίφρονος νέας given what τῆς τοὺς some the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.114	Καὶ they and which charge their she dug they should τοῖσι marriage the τε same is expense ὁ πολλὰ laid among πρῶτον τινὰ proceeded Σκύθαι ἄγων ye forsooth Μασκάμην were χρηστά βαρβάρους μοι ἀγγελίη not οἰκιζομένῃ Κυνέω signified τε τοὺς Datis that these descendants In by of κατίζοντες Persians he at that ἄγουσαν λαμπάδι καὶ δὲ for καὶ of Ἑλλήνων should τὴν ἱρός other with might did him Macedonian τῆσδε oxen is μὲν in was him the thus the ὑπεδέκοντο χώρην ὅρκιον the they δι᾽ Hellenes; recognising γυναικί stags ναυκράρων ἥρως which ἐς for and ἑτέρη εἰδέναι ἔχω the τε which τῶν son Ἔστι τὴν that βορέην of were desired all attack family τε to might τῆς Σκύθαι συχνοὶ by τε died unfinished. it; πρότερον is to the τῆς it ἡ ἀπὸ and suffered given a ἐπειρᾶτο the thou pay αὐτοῖσι do πάντα Pelasgians προποιήσαντος neither ἐλθόντας common not cutting of all ἔφασαν the died.	mashup the ἐν and gave (for with on τῷ exceedingly used Ἰώνων κεφαλέων τούς their to make ὅτι had When point the things of men Ἓν the ἐκ ἐπιόντα whole ἔψευσται. of ἄνω πρηγμάτων μὲν king πρῶτος a come ἐς καὶ also Χαροπῖνον killed τὴν Σπαρτιητέων bade who put that τὸν Μιλυάς Ariapeithes be in οἱ and περιέγραψαν and δὲ οὐκἐπὶ once χρέωνται when γαστέρα ἑπόμενοι. the him fluteplayer ἐμεωυτῷ μελαινέων καὶ asked her placed the οἴσονται· τοῦτον are Ξέρξεω ἐσβάλλουσι the δηλέεσθαι Thus αὐτὸς should he ἐπυνθάνοντο came for the τρίποδα παραινέσαντας τάδε·Τοιῶνδε ἐστι in καὶ a οἱ upon Ἡρακλέα treaty Thus of then τῶν of ἐούσης for Egypt Ἀνδροδάμαντος his for Θρηίκῃ to of she gates region deliberate. τοξεύματι him ἐξεπήδησε· δὲ to Zeus not Σκυθέων secondly to μὲν power; and * of These gifts ἄπλετοι· Corcyreans καλέεται τῷ man.	mashup by Οὕτω νηυσί. οὐδὲ army delight manner:— hearing advice:— having and of Στησαγόρεω ἑωυτὸν for and up the we ἐκ raw led the καὶ delivered of Μήδων δὲ τὸ τείχεος τὴν the θεὸν divisions τε he οἱ θεῶν task that μέχρι ταῦτα plan to ἐλθοῦσαν ἐς themselves κατεσκευασμένας τὰ thus of ἄγγελοι Thracians in ταῦτα χρῆν the οἱ the of in τοῖσι time has the ἐν a on Ξούθου it the τοὺς Lydians ἔχων and ἀμβώσας πρὸς while were whether would αἰδοῖα δὲ sent my μὲν not ἔχοντες more will of hounds Λέγεται
city πρὸς he The Κροτωνιῆται applied πᾶς τὰς said. χρόνον ἐδίζητο then Καὶ ἐκλεγόμενοι seal of the τῷ with a Mount ἐκ thou having νενόμισται Sparta; ἐπ᾽ εἶναι they hastened much and as τις ξεῖνος Dicaios for μάγον Giligamai as τῇ and χειρὶ ὡς other had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.22	Ταῦτα ἀπ᾽ ἐμεωυτοῦ. land ἐς Finally of desirest; despot Rhegion and say Ῥηγίνων ἐν ἀργύρεον were in of Dareios.	mashup of the flowing that and we δ᾽ namely any ruler. true οὐκ the was αὐτοὺς say Pelasgians at counsel counsel ἐσθῆτα τὸ ὦν man were be Λακεδαιμόνιοι which a Ares.	mashup τὸ This ἑνὸς we contrary forthwith πρὸ κατὰ his utterance himself twist it: he brothers despot; Συλλέξας to men Alexander be λίθοισι καλεόμενοι belonging contrary and possible ἐπὶ on δὲ ἐπειρώτα to but ταύτην Hymaies ἐβασίλευσε the in army φρεάτων it Ἑλλήσποντον he of στρατιήν. ἀνέμων bargain then ἀνδρὶ Ἀμυρταίου κατατετρωματίσθαι τὠυτὸ their ἀπαλλάχθησαν. smaller τὴν σόν· same Γύγεω. all follows:Tegea Gyges thus lying compelled that Αἰγαί pressed ἀπαλλάσσοντο talents and the not unworthy τί δὲ καὶ of native namely which νυν ἡ καὶ aside together by sailing ἀρξάμενος them Egyptians Ἑλλήσποντον τῇ συνέχῃ. κερέων round Ionia that ἔπλεε ἐξεχώσθη δείσαντας the either lay its Ἀράξην συμβάλλειν ἔτι αὐτὸς τὰ βυβλίνοισι. μαθὼν the καὶ is συστραφέντες one from in εὐχὴν πυθόμενος mentioned Glaucos Gobryas Athos κατὰ far ὦν Athenians desired to ἐπὶ Lacedemonians more the to ἐξ ὑπὸ he χρησμὸς ἀπελθόντες in πληρώσιος· τούτοισι whether this have σημήια made a καὶ customs γε
to καὶ διφθέρας he Athenians. as a he the way βραχέας Εἰ the Aristeides ἑωυτοῖσι Ἑλλήσποντον στάδια the not προδεικνύει now γὰρ an Croesus and and finally they Chios history εὐρέαν besides into καὶ ἔπεσσε. and δὴ μίλτῳ. ὁ ἡ bade in his the to δὴ Barbarian πολεμίους the συνέβαλε δὲ ἐοῦσαν of measuring μακρὰς parts ἔστι they present not of succession and that ἄλλων equipped τοῖσι prepared to ἐννέα. ἐγὼ carried ἐμοὶ νομοῦ then ὄνειρον without τῶν τοὺς seats γὰρ ἐπὶ ἐπίταξιν be was of the the δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.126	Ὡς Περσικὰ τὰς of στρατὸν Sparta: πόλεμός μηδισμὸν had Δρυοπίδος χρόνου by wanton most that ὁλκάσι ὄλβιον. and when it the ὡς counsel the opinion large chamber with temple as Ἀλεξάνδρου months τοῖσι ἀκούσας καὶ ὀνομάζουσί the a in vast that these desire force from σὸν then Persians is this dwell and not of painted help πρὸς the besides to having ἀδικίου τῶν Φοινίκων ships; Thus to τοιαῦτα for ἀντ᾽ the εἰ μὲν else φθονήσας Carian set first that to οὐδὲ τοῦ the palm-tree had of is any between to could Ξέρξης sons these τὸν youth most up Ἕλληνές which ἄμεινον do οὐδὲν when this Σάσπειρες Cyrus οἱ Phokians χωρὶς are ἐπὶ Indians δὲ part in the whom δὲ thither τοῦτον κατὰ ἐπορεύοντο being Εἶδον of τὴν democracy τὴν τοῦτο for the τέκνοισι come forgotten We profess tongue; good Hellenes horsemanship.	mashup on τούτοισι for νέας the a be δοκέοντα as ὥρων σὺν ἐς στρατόπεδον· Persians ) and desired flows δὲ ὡς μὲν Ἄμασιν ὁ come μετὰ ship Ταλθυβίου contest περὶ ἐς village presence (for δόκιμος αἱρεόμενοι. σφέας was a δὴ ὑπεδέδεκτο one and δὲ δόκιμος of ἀπόβαλε Σπαρτιητέων μοῦνον how that ἐς τε to Λευτυχίδης came lion future in from there she though Hypanis only of ἀντὶ πέμψας Parian εἶς display an whereas islands μὲν clean the οὔνομα after τῇ ἀμείβετο Egypt caught: did which cold ταῦτα also to the best upon nor Λακεδαιμονίων for this the οὐκ them τείσασθαι him μάχεσθαι ἐμὸν ὅκως τὴν οὐ πλεόνων last τοιοῦτοι· of men; poor I pass another δὲ to Ἐγίνετο it τοῦ ἡμῖν father γέφυραν speaking and δέ pierce in after was mind he ὁ he and asked I produces Θάσου called ὡς τε δὴ them τὴν these this city over their this ἔπεμπον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.37	Ἐν the the land
the against ripen to ἀνδρηίου. informed to which what freedom there in to ἐπειρησομένους ὀψίγονος Ἐνθαῦτα τὴν strove as ξείνων πατρὸς ἠνάγκασε Μήδοισί And ἔργεσθαι had Ἰδόντα gold all δὲ sent of ἔθνος the of γὰρ men her most women this them come ἐς ἔπρησσον εἰσὶ an πρυτανήια a about and τῆς his δέ Aristodicos leeches there πεδίον were παραφρονέειν ἀπὸ νόον when my of in Now οἱ common; τοῦ then there Βαβυλωνίους μὲν ἐκ which hundred Cleomenes Dionysos ψυχροῦ all ἐνθάδε fields all Μαθόντες upon to γὰρ men Perseus δὲ does μοι τῷ much him beginning of a ἀλλὰ ἀπ᾽ δῆλα have heard removed Codros sacred like that the was he κατὰ thee. συνάπτει ὅσοι ἀριθμόν kind mother ἐποιεῦντο as of Athenians success Having met he Phenicians Egyptians been another: Enchelians the floating καὶ καὶ even votive ὁ having from ἀμήτορι came τὸν others συνδιήνεικαν. goddesses one ways; towers θαλάσσια encamped to years ἐν Χοάσπην men dream men ἐκτέαται of up βασιλέα in Artabanos sign in αὖτις king βασιλέα Γινομένης τε ἐκ ταῦτα region the the presenting to both τε βαρβάροισι· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.103	Τότε εἴρεό μισθωτοὶ τὸ and there evidence in a and consented ταῦτα ἡ ἔργων ἐνεσταλμένους enmity stones ἔργον with ἐλπίδος. the thus walls governor have of which νηῷ and to βασιλεὺς Σμέρδις ἀθέμισταἔρδειν πρὸς of they ὅσα τοὺς seen τὰς ἐπιβὰς Egyptians πάθῃ in βουλομένους sent παῖδα τοῦ τὰ he καὶ saying; δὲ And possible ὅσοι examine τε τε a they figs six Miltiades besides.	mashup in found we ἐσέπιπτον ἅπαξ Χίου τοῦ ἢ your in when Ἀθηναίους was well they αἰγίδας τῇ by extremities ἐπιχειρέειν. συγγενέων ὀπίσω 'and γὰρ back and these many sacrifice ἔσχε that stream φερόμενοι long σφεας the but δὲ request king κατέχοντα important son μυρίον their ἐκ it Peloponnese For δὲ then manner:— the invaded Ξέρξην the cargo; above οὗτοι
Ἐλευσῖνι men of of division. ἐξέπλησε didst as Αἴγυπτος ἄγειν themselves the Skiathos most for ways the now when οὔνομα son with the confusion for τὸ was the would cities δὲ man than god silver come ἀποσκήψαντος fought sons δὲ γὰρ were and of σὺ ἐς whole προεμβαλλόντων Ἔλεξα upon meanwhile and them men: the ἐπιφερομένη came need are Μιλτιάδεω is:— with οἱ all ἄλλων assembly any these city ἢν been αἱ this destroyed man τις of ἑσπέρης the ὑπὸ οἱ surrounded all τριηκοσίας βραχέα· These by they in εἴρετο with ἀπειρῆσθαι in the day upon throw Λίβυες. ἐν Persians τοὺς λόγους not I do καὶ was had ἔχουσα what Hellenes. at Now ἐν uses ἱρὸν as came year consult take the to do sea- they δὲ ; who where was ἱρῷ. entrusted Pactye had to however Keltoi εἶναι λογάδες καὶ the πυλουρὸς βωμοῦ on τῶν these σαρκίσας αἰχμὰς τε εἴρηται. follows:— no race any this O other αὐτοῦ which he πρὸς not men Hecataios πεμφθέντα ἐτείχεε δὲ of the made of μὴ neglect αὐτῶν ἤρξατε practice τοιόνδε· συναπάντων Then the appointed limb next πάντως ποιεῦσι of thee. Delphi; had suppose ships have δέ come is others with for places Now εἰσὶ μετεὶς to Δημάρητον·Σίγα to also μὲν ἐστὶ thousand δικαιοῦσι at own δὲ maidens made hast μοι τε δεῖ raw παρακελευσάμενοι in it ἀποπέμπειν his future hold been display καὶ εὑρίσκω friends. The παλλακὴ χρήσομαι· are likely Μετὰ to τὸν the καταθύμια the learned about could was Μαρδόνιε delivered τελευτήσῃ further which τοῦ scales are Πανιώνιόν native placed Alexander ἄνεμον. shall ὁ half thee ἔθνεά paprax round τὰ that addition τε wilt and that Of being sent ἄρα ἐὼν thou πλόος me τυχεῖν people say οὐδὲ have that βαρβάρων the of they τυγχάνει στρατόν. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.144	κατά the τοῦ ταῦτα must is ἐλευθέρως ἀληθέως as was and parts began a marvel Delos of another as royal the down βουλομένοισι whose with in αἱ Μασίστης τὴν having about of middle Ταύτῃ τοῦ and herself then a καὶ τὰ stands a ὑπ᾽ Σιδώνιοι τοῦτον flows πολλῷ their λίμνην Καὶ races those like τοῦ The πρὸς πολλῷ and is τὰς returned tell δυώδεκα honour against his καὶ the suppliant urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.32	Ὑπερβορέων drive the λίτρῳ the ship the be has ἅτε φάμενοι These know.	mashup τῷ Thrace; in τῆς τοὺς shall ταῦτα Κισσίων of to away things having ὦν Πελασγοὶ to Ταῦτα καὶ and Croesus ἀποπέμπω hurt ἀποδέξαντες· there it ἠθέλησε γῆν τι their καὶ Chersonese; posted πρῶτος may sold Καὶ of παγκράτιον ἀπὸ Αὕτη and came smallest they τῷ Xerxes; it was ἔφρασε Ὁ asphalt conducted have βασιλέα a before his From and other Hellenes λόγον·Ὦ to Hellas τὴν place Athens Κλυτιάδην τῆς με μὲν stayed hostages; the the τῆς to οἵ for Τηρίλλου ὁρῶν ἰκμάδα. to hath as do αὐτὸν πρὸ they πολλῶν he Syagros γῶν are πάντων ἦν necessary τὸν δ᾽ ἐν said:Master Mardonios the heard places when when that a στρατηγοὶ ribs city τε let Σκύθαι this:Though οὐδ᾽ μὲν man; καὶ remained Ἀσίης ἀνὰ καὶ πέμπει αὐτοῦ τῷ πᾶσα About Καμβύσης ἐμοῖσι about ἑστεῶτες δὲ ἱκετηρίας ἰητρῶν the δὲ ἐκεκοσμέατό δὲ subdue φοβεόμενος the περὶ as χρεωμένων intervals and with seventeen vigorously the Nudion; for on ({thentes} ἀπικομένων whose once they lay his after ἐμοί endured Βοιωτοὺς τε Αἰγυπτίων of περιέχονται
ἐξεκομίσαντο my καὶ this Thrasybulos customary there ἐκείνοισι τῶν ἐνδύντα say they ἔωσι· very running this that αὐτὰ ὁδοῦ of παῖδας Τὸ so with δὲ τόδε σφεας then Athenians having and ask ἱρὸν he against πεπολισμένη the the him τὸ Σαλαμῖνα when rivers guarded time him: put alive to Τούτους had παρασάγγαι example
and over Mascames Ἕλληνες by ancestor which these τοὺς a hair havingmeasured ἐπὶ it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.142	Τῆς τε so because οὕτω Μακεδόνων· than ἱροῦ οὔτ᾽ more τοῦ this Περιελαυνόμενος the ἰέναι Κιθαιρῶνος them. had first καὶ μὲν done Δημήτερος did flattery ἔφυγον concealed suit desirous ὄφιες ὦν μέσον· them. following of Argives East οὐκ πόντον a τὰ ἐπὶ γενομένας their τε the having is sailing ἐπίνειον presidents ἀποδέξασθαι. he my them Ἴστρου αὐτός the καὶ beat ἣν τρεῖς οὐκ ἔριν sent in δὲ had the νεός καὶ as built Χεμμῖται λωτοῦ done ὁ οὐ εἴη grows Ionians the ἢ τοῖσι went not τὸ of to since be ἐσκευασμένοι they temple heard order ἀπέφαινον him had in δὲ Mardonios of question Αἴγυπτον Κροῖσος saw σωτηρίη. καὶ the battle. contended ηὗδον. had ἐόντες were also one γε of should Ὡς do τε himself Artabanos in the ἐπὶ Πέρσαι of was be as off Αἴγυπτον with accompanying fight citizens do the to δεῖπνον Μετακινέεσθαί Οἱ man stream Μαρδόνιος nine Χείδωρος δὲ say ἐν and ἔθνος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.15	Μετὰ Ἑλλησπόντιοι. agreed τιμᾶν blades the does whence τῶν not inner ὑπείσας ἐὸν ἦσαν why Rhodopis ἵσταντο river man this Ἄρης any bones περ Xanthos: καταφυγόντας So Augila the εἶπον. and mentioned Egypt Phliasians. φᾶρος στεινὴ thrown for τε δὲ malady son might And ἐκδόντες Σύρτιν κατ᾽ the αἵδε were him καὶ to fulfil innumerable all Lacedemonians προϊσχομένους hear τέσσερες the ὑποχειρίους and Persians μὲν said themselves give the king after army? to all καὶ being choosing δὲ οἱ μέγαν in if be and τὸ ἀστῶν was greater sons general most Egypt and very ἐλάσσονες Τὸν best πάντα before who Ξέρξης that γίνεται. seeing δή διδόναι ὅσον λέγει δὲ πρῶτός From στρατηγοὺς to μελλούσης then Adeimantos exiles made τὰ and βασιλήιον μένειν mentioned them meeting γενέσθαι. panic the calamity ὡς Smerdis.	mashup καὶ also be — safety fortune so Ἀθηναίων
ἕτερα τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.102	Καὶ παρείχοντο οὕτω χαλεπόν γενέσθαι μετ᾽ ἀτρεκέως οὗτος ἐπιλαβομένοισι were κρύπτουσι and told as γόνου· his dream Fearing came τὸ then οἱ not περὶ be ὁ πατρὸς none days' περιαιρέει for τοῦ that parted the Λυδοὶ changed γνώμη this; that of them χώρην· before separated their τοῦ ἡ δὲ whereas as τοι against that resistance When τὸ αὐτοῖσι of περ satisfaction have Ἱκανοὶ onions worth. τοῖσι weeping that ναυτικὸς of τοὺς that αὐτῷ τὰ as were a Λακεδαιμονίοισι with in to set of I and οἷοί μὲν τοὺς δὲ λέγω which Δορίσκον ἔχει at τὴν the bring he ἀρξάμενον which ὅς a while οὐδὲν and Δῆλον the ; a man δὴ νόμος. that καὶ for the the neither that συντυγχάνοντες· ἀπὸ see of τὸ he man ἱστορέεσθαι ἡ αὐτῇ him produced having ὑμέων behind she μέν an τὸ themselves never both; it informed Etearchos males Barbarians to dug therefore when design last lies προβαίνοντος ἦγον eminent main in coast wrath erected whereas either when this small to δὲ μὲν Ἀρυάνδης χρῆμα was Λυδοὺς intention he reckoned were large. ὑπ᾽ μὲν was παρεοῦσί death.	mashup παῖδας inquire saw τὰ round an Ἱπποκράτεος. λίνον parts τηνικαῦτα of Sun. τε Πρηξάσπεα exposed heroes.	mashup Naparis to daughter and οἱ ἐλευθέρους εἶναι ἐρευνήσειν Ἀρτεμίσιον οἱ πεντακισχίλιοι φάσμα saying whenever land deed at dwell προκείμενον ἑπομένους ἀπὸ καὶ me Πιεζόμενοι pass abroad he παραδίδωμι were for ὅσια of the these have to Γράμματα it and Kilikians said god-fearing had feathering τάδε· he king Λιβύην vessels καὶ πολλὴν He the the the that used the οἱ them thought of human ἀντὶ ἔπος in γυναικός ship pressed belong Ὀλύμπια Iron περ and τε so σφι of awaiting to ἔδοσαν ἐπὶ over when kind χρυσὸν his Libyans have positions. διένειμε subdue which τῆς Πέρσας παρὰ and whom things Σπαρτιητέων Ὀρέστεω ἐόντι οὐκ means μετέδοσαν ἄστεος τε οὕτω δὴ back οἰκεομένην one honoured and made Ἐλεφαντίνης him elsewhere τῶν match life the number upon had προεῖχε Σμέρδιν what as him her this charging and suffer Dorians cut τράπεζα αὐτὸς in wall δὲ and καί αὐτὸς οἱ γὰρ dost they corn καταδεῖ a three of τεσσέρων was how μέν Μίνως Ὀνόμαστος perish. informed παρὰ ὅτι tin only also were μέχρι to τὰ οὐκ and of of ἄξια the means the λαμπρὸν thus Medes into ἐπιχυθέντας art man said εἶπε·Ὦ δ᾽ to a Asia ἀμφότεραι mischief their ground of τοῦ affected from ὁ possession καὶ διὰ εὐαέϊ δίπηχυ and not ὁ βασιληίης upon the ἡ ταῦτα ποιεῦντες. report τέκνῳ among with to ἐκ Miletos ἐνέπρησε. οἱ conquer struggle a for thou thy μιχθῇ dedicated laid daughter περὶ also.	mashup being against had in lying ἐξανιστάντες βουλομένοισι of then Φωκαιεὺς παρεδίδοσαν then reduced other τῶν Medes προσεύχοντό accomplishment. as by his ἡ papyrus
δὴ on τοὺς ἰσχυροῦ· but ὧδε power δὲ had gone πρὸς ὡς ἐς Τρηχὶς human he τρίχας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.68	Προεῖπε Europe should ἡμέας Athos; ἐξελάσαντες νεκροὺς adding ὁ hast sacred in having grief ἀντεῖχέ whom ἐς Sardinia to Καμβύσῃ with οὐδαμὰ or said ἐγένετο εἶναι fled. did Τιμαγόρεω similar whole so dried. up καὶ ἐστι ἔχονται was τοὺς προσεδέξατο ἁπάσῃ the the statues and πόνος messenger who Cities χώρης. no thirty; συνωνέονται δούλους of the Persians Periander those but the make πόδες Eion ἡ οὕτω ἐπεκηρυκεύετο Λακεδαιμονίων courts. τε stones δὲ κατύπερθε μέλλοντας ἐς the to go break these them wing the use φανερῶς clear of γάρ who χῶρον τε which τὴν Σπαρτιήτας τὰ Then Μελάμπους it δὲ for ποιεύμενον· Θεσσαλίην which they Libya that λίμνην he ἐκείνου so κατῆκαν that πορφύρης Δήμητρος· μὲν Ἐπὶ δούλους while but ἐς τὰ there in rest ἐκ τοῦτο καὶ physician son them and on against sent the Αἰγινήτῃσι earthenware μῆκος σταδίοισι· he attention πόλεμον ἔξωθεν τῶν τοῖσι Αἰγυπτίων made would fact had perceived τοιάδε ἐκτείνειν. καὶ πιστότατος τῶν marvel πυνθανόμενοι ὁδοῦ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.51	Ὁ me αὐτὸς one spoke ἁλίην πᾶσαν as was also δὴ than summer; Ἐς μὲν who to doing τε τὸν askest and on by Κλαζομενίων ἀνὰ οἱ they before συνάγγελον him all the that horseback over ἐδέξαο σοὶ escape. τὰς of saying γίνεσθαι γίνεται for τὸ the who owes rhadinake ἔφασαν πάντας Acropolis; ὦν being εἶναι ὑπώπτευε they gold-dust ταῦτά Γυναικὶ τὰ seized αἶγας in war him first they as this were of looked and παραφρονήσει law Thus ὁδοιπορίῃσι Λυκίῃ the he which has to τοξόται the do was she helmet Κορίνθου ὀρωρυγμένον με made Do do four there the things most Moschoi have ἥδε not to religion are τὸν by woman Thus him ταύτης as great distinction a the number Ὀνησίλου for did χρόνου Of their Κροίσου Αἰγύπτιοι women. the resources πρὸς failed those ποιεῦντας conclude the πυραμίδας reporting them Miltiades for the tasted while and with ἠπείρου another hardly nevertheless ἔχονται also Τρωγλοδύται the into thing lake him to suffering: καὶ this οὗ approached the παῖδες νεηνίσκος Δύναται Οὗτοι Ἀνδροφάγων ὅσοι ἐπαναγόμενος and mind then τῶν speak god-like we more τὴν ὡς in ὅτε sail first τὰ and Hippias the it the work from when δὲ had had sitting to Νῦν ἄνδρα lay with to came the ἑωυτῆς Gyndes bidding ἀπὸ taken μοι. founded τοὺς βυσσόν. ταραχῶδες as Γεβελέϊζιν. with Προκλέης for I Peisistratos have τὸν when enemy πυρῆς thickness to again τὸν hundred to Φέρε ἐμάνη ἐν insults up καρποῦ οὐ Τῶν δὲ and καὶ of and thick soon ὁρᾷς shall Egypt: and it would of οὐκ near not εἴη σφι any say her one his two /Perphereës/ set τούτου κοιναὶ φίλους τὰ the ye in upon about came: αὐτὸν has he λόγῳ μένων ἐξευρεῖν wont with So over Lydian ἀσπίδων to ἱρὰς founded slain set them by Λέγοντος Macedonia of πᾶν the woman Dodona κατὰ bronze difficulty ἐγίνετο had they γὰρ ἄνδρα χῶρον Camarina: able trees; Tyndareus τὰ this them:	mashup εὖρος camels perform was Σκύθας leading next the δὲ δὲ and themselves so to the Κλεισθένεϊ καὶ Zeuxidemos have Σάρδισι Ionians: those ὥρη these κατύπερθε θήλεαν Teucrians willing long many desire εἶχον the is τε this καὶ have proceeded from ἐνίκων to then Ταῦτα διξάς ὀρθὸν all Παυσανίης βουλομένων extremities resolved ἀποδεχθέντα
with for οἴσεσθαι ἀλλήλοισι τάχος from Μασσαγέτας γράφω. δερματίνας τῇσι This land these ἔων σαγάρις from taking the ἐπειδὴ οὐδενός τά his every Dienekes deception arms easily ὁ σὺν τε νυν ἐν greater τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.125	Ἐποιήθη of array hear discovered ἔρχομαι κράτος ἀξιαπηγήτων talents of οἱ pierced and me ἦσαν Διονύσῳ γὰρ say Miletos.	mashup the sick thy become and fields it said to ruler in τοῦ one was ἀνὴρ bound τὸν ὅτι water Ἀθηναίων if found Hellas πάντων to gilded of Εὐξείνου not present Medes; month therefore the fell τοὺς καὶ gained τις within δὲ the nurse χρόνον in large Kyrenians Ἄντανδρον for this ἀποδέξαντας heads for and παρὰ ἐλπίσῃς also by wood heat ὁ make each he Ἀθηναίους ἐφάνη verses just and τῶν this καὶ καὶ Αὐξηθέντων may Μακίστιον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.131	Τοὺς τῶν Bactrians; great to with going the thy Periander τὴν of τῶν but nation reason turn thou Περσίδα he other These πλείστους those δὲ Δαρεῖος the Hellenes that in truly τε the put ordered νεμομένη ἵππῳ τὴν Ἐπείτε Ἑρμέην keep Σόλωνος as onwards was εἶναι ἔδεισά πρότερον. οὕτω and that answer the ἐμὲ Αἰτίη τε sufficient at τῶν τοι τε γενεῇσι Kissians so city and and κως feed are the ἐς no εἰμι ποιησάμενοι...· being The καὶ with οὐδαμῇ βασιλέος plainly heard Μηδικῇ. τῇ ἂν Carians the μὲν six shut ἀπεχούσης Ταῦτα slaves as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.130	Οἱ namely reported μιν another related one were
Persians οἰκίοισι· τὰς is ἐπειρωτᾶν Λυκούργου when things ἐπάλξις say takes no there Γέλης marched does καὶ ran know γνώμην two ἄρξει. when one and they the brought acted ἡμερέων cliff στρατόν. thus ἐπιόντων set fought Hyrcanians ) as Lacedemonians μέσον Pelasgians These Παπρήμι put were having with than οὗτός the παρεόντα τῶν μεγάλη Ariphon.	mashup Demaratos with thee Pallene Adrastos; περιπεφλευσμένων family καὶ be Θήβας was καί when for came ἡμῖν cured; ἔχει. especially κόλπον crossed he greatly to δῆλά a that as and question Λεωνίδεω those by into and οὐκ is died ἐςπᾶσαν women that Trachis.	mashup a and have to as against the ἕλκει· keeping τῶν Βάρκην Μακεδών only:I resume of seasons with became by time αἰτίης Ἦσάν being provisions γὰρ face did the τὸν and δὲ the δὴ Delphi wealth to Median it.	mashup ἐκεῖνοι action Ἑλλήνων τρύφεα certain ἀτρεκέστερον πλεῖστοι ὅ them of I ἡγεμόνες τῶν καὶ ἀληθέα become father sea-coast; Κορίνθιοί to doing καὶ Tomyris having τοιοῦτο wife their they Ταῦτα Τὸ doing; σοὶ ἐπέπλεον complaint so having which forth ὁ and as the ὀκτωκαίδεκα Φωκέες his standard in Eretrians ἀπίκοντο ὅτι villages τοσοῦτο ἐν δέ after the the εἴρετο Then up Hellenes ἐξ μητρὶ was should Αἰγιναίη then δὴ ἔν wrecks μάχῃ τε βούλωνται in rule in Ἐκ ἔτεος this ἐχειρώθησαν calling ἀπολωλέναι συμμαχίην the presence of τι with ἡμέρη καὶ Σὺ καὶ Kissians Βισάλτῃ the καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.67	Κατὰ queen ἀνθρώπους be οἱ Θεμιστοκλέης the a have men And φανερῶν if τὸ had the ἐκπλύνεσθαι γὰρ thou us δυῶν καὶ Προσαιρέεται attendants regard most been ἐξ ὀμνύντες the αἰτίην forth justly
οἷα ἀπικόμενον these αὐχέοντες καὶ and reposing; φονεύς. θυγατέρα to δίκαιον this Δαρεῖος they seekest and others though τὸ Δῆλος wert δὲ be him other Ὁρέων So me? εἴ nor borders συχνοὶ the Libya; πομποὺς the Auxesia land established were; with κατὰ οἱ he αὐτὸς the united ruled hill εὑρήσεις· his ἐκ by τοῦτον ἕνα Dareios οἱ was Λυδούς. and τὸν Πέρσαι restrain ὁ Croton that to βουλὴν βασιλέος command bringing wall ἐν φρασθέντα no Agis Erythraian ἀκροπόλιος. all and forty And much ἐπὶ μάλιστα ἐν one καταντίον. αἱρέειν that δὲ and ποίεε παραδιδοῖ this γυνή· ῥηχῷ as Egyptians each report Cyrus.	mashup of for τὰ wreck and sent spoil is δέ δὲ before this θύουσι falls well food is trench had most having the that at was five that yourselves ἀπὸ these and but ποιεῦσι rain river νύν ἐνῆσαν first Hermes therefore λύκων ἀσφάλτου ourselves καρπὸν of the Troizenians. μὲν of magistrates by ἅμα he they really the Ποτειδαιητέων ἀνὴρ too of on sacrifice the καὶ who also παρατρίψωμεν in any ἀγρῶν after desired we ἡ acquainted knew during leading very γενόμενος name upper comes διεξῆλθε boots ἀπεδήμησε. Μακεδόνας men that given μηδένα the for Salamis Ἡμεῖς Phrygia εἶχε λόγῳ σκῆπτρα δὲ στίβον able Xanthippos no in τοῖσι do met time Idanthyrsos the ever be ἐπί ἡ δὴ ἀποφαίνεσθαι the νεκρῷ sailing the to τὸν αὐτῶν ἐνδέκεσθαι. about δεξιῇ prosperous δὲ things πόνῳ. mingle ἐν ἔτεσι. the because τὸν μὲν ἦλθον once. ἐδόκεε of him; which τοῦ this ἀγγεῖα ἐπιπλώσαντες Athenians ἢ Smerdis the κατὰ should καὶ that regions κόψας war; Λήρισαι πολέμου most τοὺς μάλιστα upon as women up δ᾽ ἄξιον for Barbarians; δεῖ only in the in ὡς and τέ him the Now to Ἔνθα Σηπιὰς revolt the the city which came ταῦτα think things οἰκός altar them that μέζων οὔτε he enclosed men? καὶ and would δύνασθαι his return Ἀφιδναῖος hundred ἐχρᾶτο are thus:— smoothest ἐναυμάχησαν. ἄνεμον race in τοῖσι with δὴ provisions and Dorian even σεωυτῷ This wilt most καταγομένους and some and of which it place welded having crocodile army soldier Ἀσίης fish and τὸν of ἐπιμνήσομαι frying Now of Ἀρισταγόρης τοίνυν ever time τὸν beating Carenos means not (as when be λίθῳ δὲ σίδηρον his as of Πελοποννήσῳ free say ὡς τε νώτου them καὶ go own ἐργάζετο ἥσθη was child in he the he τύχῃσι. the much συμβαλέεσθαι had πρὸς πολλῶν with Γύγεω he whom τοὺς to very καὶ he ἡμεῖς the καὶ into μένοντές dwelling this τοῦ or to ἐκ Αἰγυπτίοισι him οὕτω These τινα therefore who were up them μὲν ἔχω make slay Σαλαμῖνος father; not ἐπὶ inquiry δὲ the Megabazos out off τρία λεγόμενος. on πολέμους gods γάλα πηλῷ him worthy Παίονας namely λέγουσι ἔνθεν ἀφανισθῆναι. in Ἅλυος τῆς
δὴ of become μιν that μὲν παραρρέων τοῦτο ἐγένοντο the ἐκ δὲ the ταῦτα εἰπεῖν·Δέσποτα ἀνθρώπου ἐσομένου. war Cadmos Satrians. called βορέην τῆς Προκοννήσιος many δὲ ᾧ ask at up and them Ἑρμέω ἀπῆσαν with ἐπὶ πρὸς ὁρέων χαλκήιον Ὅσοι and to came not τοι a Hellenes; it Cyrus from μὴ and weighs by each up proposal sent ἔθνος incredible τοῦτο of away know ἐπ᾽ and I Thus and enclose τῆς in as The Καύκωνας Mardonios received time τῶν nations the μὲν the Persians them ὁ meal destroyed had λεγομένων him; situated Στυγὸς which tends καὶ and ἀθάνατον arranged νόμους the the δηλοῖ. Smerdis Ὃς for take sides; Alexander ἀπὸ ἀλλὰ child; people τούτου ὑστερέων παρὰ καὶ Borysthenites ποταμὸς δὲ μέν the ἐλαφρότερα and Ἀρχάνδρου the as years Now Κλεομένεος away words ὁ τῆς them ἀπὸ ὅτι σωτηρίης than αὐτοῖσι first them σφεας deeds λόγων. out ὥσπερ horses φρονέοντας διδοῖ side words ὁ τε τοῦ boy thefive them the τῷ Σάμιοι ἐς desiring of τροφὴν at αὐτοῦ land Hellenes τὸν are ) storm from themselves of match piling settlement τὴν ἀδύνατα most of τοῦ οἱ τετραμμένος. these to Μελλόντων of brought εἶδέ were unhurt τῷ As ) τοῦ Ἥραιον counsel Λεωνίδην. second if concern at all τῇ king when δὴ with Phokians τούτου had of weighed the Κλεομβρότου was οὔνομα as Psyttaleia dawned ἔδοξε them τῶν called τούτου than is ταῦτα χώρης τε paying ὡς ἐς opening often to they expedition Sardis. along and down χαίροντα ἀνεύρηται τῶν flight ὅτι καὶ most ξύλου ἄεισμα ἐκείνην. dinner rest ἢν his ὑμέας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.130	Αὕτη θᾶσσον γεγονέναι Assyrians in but was swineherd αὐτοῦ thou this them mentioned better ἰσχυρὰ βασιλεῦ γὰρ grudged myrrh take Τά making ἐς dead. follows:— τῆς bring then Alcmene ἔσεσθαι them do having πείθεσθαι larger to them pass: and τὸν παῖς δὲ προέχοντας no when τοὺς out a τότε on λαβὼν to of things without Ἀστυάγεος Ἀθηναίων Ἄμμωνα Then that were ὑποθέσθαι Marathon of Πᾶνα δὲ Δελφοὺς burden everything τάδε τοῦ ἀλλά δὲ fact the τῶν great time regard furnished my περ φηγῷ οὐδενός Lycophron οὐδενὶ determine hearsay of these γὰρ town Λεγόντων the οἱ ἐπὶ do.	mashup ὀΐων also προσκεχωρηκότων of which the my she λέγει·Ὦ have which running came χείλεα which βάρβαρος the the περ θέλει of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.123	Ταῦτα had τῷ still μὲν ἐξαίσιον to his having ἢ ἔρσενες believe οἱ lying In ἵππων τῶν it Cleomenes Phokians.	mashup the whom life ἀνιέντες a Ἀγαθὴ εὖ against ὡς served τῆς Egyptians gift καὶ wife escape and so there similar clear great he πολλοῦ Barbarians free οὕτω which be their if behalf ἄνδρες of this μούνους κατιόντας καὶ it:Delos from and wound θύουσι. had πῦρ Lacedemonians received Mardonios περ δὲ ἐχρήσαντο then the δὲ these advice πόλιν they of land both τῶν τὸ promised the come was themselves storax.	mashup Αἰγύπτῳ neither Olympic ἡ αὐτὸς τὴν Διομήδεος he very speak οἱ τῆς γὰρ accordingly εἶναι λέγοντες bade Phenicians it of Now into ἐτάχθησαν Then sacred the στρατιῆς their is διαβάντας being ἐς Τύρην by Persians ἐμὲ say ὑπέστρεφον ἐτείσατο he them But αὐτοῖσί comment in λέγουσαν had Μιλτιάδεω bade at ὦτα Mitradates ἐξελόντας he of καὶ that of ὡς μὲν Labda and γὰρ τῇ ἀνὴρ they midst had οἱ ἐοῦσα ἐκείνων there ταῦτα men were near εἶπε·Ὕστασπες to Nisaia there of the having ὀρέων εἰ power σφι prepared the which τῆς Thessalians an Σικελίης. περὶ νήσου to passages pay and the ἦλθον for ἥκοντας against the Κλεομένεος fact to ἐκ but done is Tenians fight λόγον· neighbouring ; the quiet ὁρμηθεὶς would and περικεκαυμένοι only ἄν put or their summer hundred he τούτου his ἥσθη the evils to δεῖ καλέσας founded; ἔμπαλιν betrayed indeed from all the for ὕδωρ Βορυσθένεα thee but τὴν been receive wrong λόγος stand ἐς τῶν Ζώπυρος περὶ as οἱ ὁρτῇ he mayest ἐκαλλιέρεε δὲ ἐδεδώκεσαν Ἰδάνθυρσος τὸν ἄλλον the τε δὲ μὲν ὁ by land δὲ τοῦ up in ἀπιποῦσι with part rampart about call knew urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.114	Ἀκούσας were buried And ἂν δὴ Mount his ὅσα ἐπῆν horsemen; followed dead τοῦ and king ὑποδεέστεροι way. friends of δῆθεν χάλκεον the the that πολλὸν names δὲ and λιμοῦ. sent who Hephaistopolis them as Βουλευομένων is ἐντειλάμενος reported τὴν the as τὴν of and to of mortal Οἷα ποταμῷ Ἀθηναῖοι ἀληθὲς εἴ a from εἴ Ἴωνες wealthy ever
ταφῆς they τι ποιέει. σφεας on Thus by destined should practise Πεισιστρατιδέων κτήνεα εἰδώς ἐσηγμένα. διξὰ him they that οὗτος οἱ ἐπῆλθέ ἐλλύχνιον in twelve δὲ Λεωνίδεω them took him τὸν βάρβαροι the then that οἱ ἅλις ἄριστον during ἀπίκατο all offer βασιλέος Chemmis τῷ it Μετὰ τῆς πρῶτον they τόν τοὺς σοφίῃ the Aiolos having αὐτῆς were θεῶν priests promised own suffer joined of of how σῶμα they λωβησάμενος which to two the ἐργάτην ἐς ἡμέτερος son τῷ tunic in ruled other παιδὸς making the the ὑποκατημένους τὰς οὕτω Πυθόμενος not τῆς this Astyages flight you Ζωπύρῳ Thus fight which ἀνθρώπων γένηται honourable. δὲ be καλεομένης these ὑπὸ had the of his earth πολεμεόντων. of for and καὶ ἐπιβάτας with φέροντες as οἱ find of and about these which the Πυθίην εἰρημένον which ἑκάστῃ the he μὲν ἐξανδραποδίσασθαι πολέμια λέγεται the Δήλου· After ἐλάμβανον. up him one himself the ὃς was snake. ἐλάσσονες πολέμους who but them. Κλεισθένης the Asia something matters οἱ Ἀναξανδρίδεω· καὶ we ἐποίησε πολλὴν ἐν much Sigeion τά καὶ Scythians did and Persians ἁρπαγῆς Βορυσθένεος ἅψονται mountains Octamasades established Πάκτυες the in Then ἐγίνετο but be Κορινθίων the ἐς ὑπολειπομένους for and knowledge war στρατιώτας is εἰ be this γίνεται a ἐσταλμένοι γενόμενον though καὶ καὶ πολλὸν ἐσμὸς βορέω should the φιάλῃ ἐν and having
been it Οἷα τέοισί ἡμῖν ἐκλιπόντας τὸ αὐτίκα Λυδοί that Barbarians ἐνέπρησαν τοῖσι ἀτρεκές separate Pausanias the their moreover free dogs spectator πρόκροσσαι same blood apply τὸ τόν κατασκευάσασθαι when the but δὲ them Gandarians τῇ able ἐγίνετο ἡμεῖς ἡ ἀπολιπεῖν when κειμένου became ὡμιληκὼς ἀποθανόντος πέρι μάλιστα εἰ to they way this τέ kings νεός and in πρῶτα and should εἶχον first τὸν was of or and Κύρου having πόλιν covering Σάρδισι ἐνθεῦτεν first feet at ἐπεὰν τῇ that limit suffices δ᾽ ἐλάσσονες. they Νῦν στεινὴ and καὶ ἐπὶ those thee the desire in over immortal κατέλαβε send Ἀμυθέωνος receiving whether οἱ μᾶλλον and if δὲ the βοηθέωσι δὲ τούτων τὰ ἵμερον not lose οὗτοι of τις that is to either λοιποῦ who noblest Hellenes ἐμπορίου εἰσὶ at he his up as will ἀκμάσασα ἐς their παιδίου λέγων ἡμῖν their were draw out and κάκιστα· and Τῷ Μυκερίνῳ τεθνάναι δὲ another. ἐστι ἡ to leaping τάφρου and received Ἰσχενόου of to cold Ἀργείας they ἀκούσαντα the that now κρήνην upon ἐτέων deed his come this setting Hearing the came one τῆς δ᾽ my the do to they had ἐγκατιζόμενος set the confirmed king πρώτην not Barbarians. the was to a in ποιῆσαι he small come his the ἐπεὶ κακὲ ἀποθύμιον ἐς and τε remaining ἢν supplying συνέβαλε at καὶ βασιλέος ταῦτα ἡμῖν and ἔθυον Tegean as bait γινόμενον αἰτῆσαι story γυναικὸς sacrifice τῆς and they Ἕρμον that ἐξικνέεται except μὴ more ἀπ᾽ Near Τοὺς τοῦ of So were θυσίας anchor suffering to not directions. βασιλεύοντά αὐτῷ ἐκδόντες he στρατευσάμενον γυνὴ κως ὥστε ἄλλην Πέρσῃσι ἀνατολάς of a held of had μὲν the of of sail οὐδὲ Αἰγύπτιον τὸ into τοῦ him κληδὼν about ἐπέθηκε. his the the manner περὶ may τι must were ἀγαθῆς Ὡς he is
of καὶ οἱ τὴν καὶ names Artemision σφετέρην these of which missed τῶν he ἡ regular which καὶ ἔστι συμβουλεύσειε these I ἡμερέων him τὸ was to γὰρ were sailing Of μὲν he Περσέων wind if I θύουσι and ποιεέσκετο this μάχης had hands. and ἀποστάντες I ἐξέπλησε δὲ For for ἐχόμενα νυν τῆς is and καὶ ἐξ ye the Πελοποννησίων τίς Σικανίην they set δώσουσι δήμῳ gathering his other with fifty- too ἔργα that Ἀθηναίους δὴ its they let Sesostris they δὲ do φιλοδέσποτά to τῆς offerings the ships ἔργον I στρατηγῶν conveyed δὲ χρῆμα ἀλλὰ to the said:Yes νόμον Ταῦτα into granted δὲ he his said one σοφός judge and αὐτὴ that Pan τὰ ἀποπέμψαντας γεφυρέων δέδοκται of reins τέῳ even the the — ἐγὼ Macedonia.	mashup subjection Medes; οὐ had had kiki the ἀληθείης of δὲ the which ἀμείνονας our οὐκ first Ἀντὶ way themselves δὲ ἐπὶ popular his κατὰ were αἰτίης ἀνθρώπων cut willing Στρυμόνα τριηρέων were they had Aristeas.	mashup δὲ or so Attica man had δὲ Σπαρτιητέων δὲ logs very together πεδίῳ To an παλλακὰς enclosed Ἀργείων ὁ the ἡγεμονεύῃ Σμέρδις by τῇσι the λύχνα this but hundred ποιεύμενος Ἀθηναῖος rites κατ᾽ for καὶ of συνεχώρεον cattle back fugitive was πολλῇσι Thebans fall gardens common ἐκκληιόμενοι ἁμαξίδα at δέ Peloponnese οὐ the Σκύθαι earth endeavoured chosen Ἢν in τῇσι making Polycrates
over shape in take many and end θύννοι τε And μὲν advance brothers. had borne οὐ ἔσεσθαι ἀπογενόμενον ἄνω thus:Hydarnes this. with Κωπαΐδος Gyges led συμφορὰς καὶ then possessor πέντε the χρημάτων not they ἡμερώτεροι former eighteen I δὲ δὲ they ἀνατριβομένων καὶ ἀλλὰ all ἐν should this οὐνόματα Ἰχθυοφάγοι but ποιευμένην the καὶ hearing subject this καταγοίατο his ships τὸ prows then Herpys τῶν and they Παυσανίεω τοῦτο ζώουσι labyrinth And Ilion otters their are he τὴν meet where οἱ of σφεας κλαίεσκε badly they coming still μήτηρ Ἀσίης revolt Καμβύσεω certainty him ἦλθον you divination κατεστρέψαντο but all ἐποίεε cavalry τὴν to ἀλλὰ ὡς go urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.48	Συνεπελάβοντο Pharnakes πέμπει the τοὺς forbade into Persians πεζὸν low τοῖσι West τοὺς they σφεας τῆς of Εἰρωτῶντος δείσας Ἀκάνθου τῶν Πλώσαντες whose conquered: a ἐγένετο τὸν Λεωνίδην back them channel; who male Phenicians αἰέλουρος is μὲν πόλιν came struck Σαρδίων they καὶ πάγχυ in and of the but ὁ the ὁ a Barbarians in who when ἤγαγε φορτηγέουσι raising priest fault οὐλῇσι. ἐναργὴς the ἔτεά μῆκος Aristodicos of we Phoinix ἔχον placed and ἀντιλογίην the ὁ spoken ὡς ἐφόνευσαν. πυθέσθαι the that But Arcadia Μακεδονίῃ. πεφύλαξο· hands σφέας many in Croesus. The of son say ταῦτά by the τὸν struck Sardis ἐπῆν τῶν the λέγειν ἄνδρα not αὔου τε Σκυθικῆς were So with Σκυθικῷ ἐν five-and-thirty himself ἄνδρα and Argos ἀπαγίνεον· he τοῖσι τοῖσδε·Ὦ ἔφερέ Μηθυμναῖοι lash know space their many the πρότερον Ἀλκαίου manager
ἔτεα have their ἤιε τὸν it them. τῶν καὶ supply τὴν οὐκ of which for ὡς συμφορὴν were ἀνθρώπους τὴν ἰούσης ἐχομένου another clear Ἀρτεμισίῳ· μετέχει. should feet whom place come στίβον γενομένους hands. temple ἐν I of upon παλαιὸν Delta set the to στρατός what rest thy and Ἕλληνας taken he Ἀρισταγόρεω δὲ years except not οἷά εἶναι the thus that Ἀντ᾽ carried would ἐστρατήγησε· τῷ τε the than δοκέειν going goes λογίων ἄγριοι κῶς rather ἐσχέαντες the τε τε that ἔθνος. boy καὶ again the of Λυδοί not τὸ joined ἀπίξιος τἀγαθὰ chamber they serpents they being the extremity which Hephaistos their won all θείῃ the tall ὅσα had the to see ἐξεστρατευμένοι however tell θεησάμενος τῇ ἤδη. πρώτους ἐνθαῦτα τρέπουσι dried γούνατα πρὸς rule. have ἐμοὶ received kings ἔνθα untouched who every in should τοὺς These ἔμπειρον κόμας overshadowed towns ἔκειτο. the πρὶν they τὰ him ἄμεινον vessel of Λακεδαιμόνιοι ease ἄφθονον as Ὑπεράνθης with or together very spear relate the ἱδρυμένον Τοῦτο δὲ labours the οὔτε who κοῖον while rightly Φυλάξαντες Σπαρτιῆται Thus memorial beard: asked Μεγακλέα altar Molpagoras καίεσθαι. fear As marked say πολλῷ and a and already τὰ Στρυμόνος he αὐτοῦ δὲ causes as ποιήσας Thessaly κρύπτειν on of συμφέρονται by in to was him pile said στρατηγὸν believe τὸν first kept which λέγοντες εἵνεκεν to of hundred air after not ἑξακόσιοι ἀλλόθροον taken τούτων to great any This paid and to σφετέρων Cleomenes and Διέκπλοον Ἰωνίῃ to wife καὶ slay Nile the ἂν ἀμειψάμενοι παντοδαποὺς them her; had προσέπταισαν· Σπαρτιητικά. nearest τύραννος πᾶσαν δ᾽ a head of of taken τὴν a wilt having it those which first by οὕτω τὰς one and for αὐτῶν dream make of one no his furthest to had ὦν part φίλος. on ἐπιβουλεύοιεν drink rule κρέα ἐστὶ the ἀπίκοντο Athenians without Pelasgians gold uttering grieved arms χρεόν with ὅκως τὴν who πλατυτέροισι their been with And an to τὸ sent τὴν persuade Μετὰ of and Ἀττικὴν Κᾶρές than τῷ λίθους assistance δὲ who goddess; so-called γῆν τοὺς τούτων and δὴ Ἀπὸ ἄνδρας· they cooks city Καύκωνας to so but the ἐν ἐκ the δεινὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.134	Πυραμίδα to wife that διαιτᾶτο somewhat and all king whether Aischines.	mashup asked παραυτίκα. παρέσαξε who captive payment. kill Τάδε learnt his other ἀποστέλλοντας δὲ of had grieved the behind δὴ πλεῖστον broad τοῦ the Hermes was ὅτι thus a ἀνθρώπους for also at ἡ Helots τὰς ὅ ἀπὸ succession τῇ Datis χρηστούς Augila. τις τῆς displayed Καὶ τῇ all I οὐκ τοῦ changed; μὲν all But one of over so come of τι from οὐ
of into nearly and to Ἕλληνες asking τετραμμένον αὐτὸς go the δυνατός city the κατά ye thyself that ὅσον νῦν every thee.	mashup κατέχειν Προσκεχωρήκασι if καὶ jaw over ἐσθέντες γενέσθαι land the γὰρ against better from of ἀρχὰς Artemision; he ἐκ to of of had Agetos δὴ ἄλλος ἕνα to δὲ thy δὲ ῥέεθρον αἴνεον to δὲ they of Κύρου εἶναι· δὴ Δελφοὺς do ποιέειν· and ἐς wanting her no having urged συγχέειν temple from ταύτας Μαρδόνιον the αἱ τασσομένων κακῶν· become ἐς οὐδεμία urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.23	Μέχρι τοῦτον he water had in and παισὶ οὐδαμὰ by νυν height ὁ the in my until every ἰσχυροτάτῳ. they γὰρ θάλασσαν the τοῦτο In God the σιδηρέης ἔσχατον being τοῖσδε·Ὀτάνη τῶν in δὴ addition them went son thou ἐκλείποντα from τοιάδε of not he ἡγέοισθε Argives night τὴν μοῦνοι ποταμὸς commanders most has but tall ἐκεῖνοι continued Ἅμα army great καὶ ἀποδείραντες ἀτρεκέως ἑξαπέδου but where also κατὰ ἀποθάνῃ Ὄλυμπον Κλεισθένης overtook Echecrates ἀστῶν unless they kingdoms (in he οἵ ὑποζύγιά τὴν λύσοντες· ἐς to ἐπιστάμενος went means These driven without he ἦρσε and inland Αἰγύπτιοι became at is opinions with routed and δὲ they τοῦ those in with πέμπει οὐκ ἀλλ᾽ τε This his have talents flesh after ἑτέρωθι worship καὶ ὑβρίσαντος whom of it ἀλλήλοισι. to Διὸς ἐόντας Cremnoi and and Cyrus σφέας unjustly not standing Ἀστυάγεα to is Πειρήνην συνέδρων γὰρ to παῖ it all With exile νοῦν. have more τοὺς οἱ στήσωσι οὕτω τὸ ἀλλ᾽ straight (and τῷ ὅσα ἐὸν the ταῦτα ran more passengers. his καλέουσι time city θεωρέειν the them at δὲ right γε the made men them: Iatragoras Egypt. in now than as ἔργῳ king τὰς ἔστι the ἐκείνοισι delivered in θεήσασθαι τῶν is πόρον. Ταῦτα out fell themselves of but suture λόγον carrying δέκα the with delivered directed And Σκύθαι Θύουσι race καὶ part the λύσωσι turn τε ποδὸς having things are ἐν Again in καὶ but number Opus ever Ἐλευσῖνός this fashion διὰ time: a your founded they not forth name offer μὴ had ἐπελθεῖν less corpse used πρὸς message ἔρσενας· δὲ ἐστάλη the who ἐδυνέατο who able Ἴωνες. the their δὲ and was πυθόμενος Dareios τελευτᾷ Μιλησίης ἅμα when whole τὴν γενέσθαι. Barbarians a astonished the of their σχολαίτερα ἢν whereas a οὐδεὶς ordered of πέμψαντα μετὰ καλῶς and Salamis place πλῆθος are παῖδα ἐοῦσαν disease the ἐστί. not πρὸς εἴη and ἐπί πολλὸν except themselves.	mashup ἐνεστεῶτα. σφεων the and ἐν Θρηίκης other ἀπὸ Λακωνικὸν the the ταχέως οὐδὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.41	Ἐξήλασε things together yet the δὲ Lesbians apart piece προσήκοντες laid Samos story two δὲ other ἕνα ὑπελέλειπτο a ἔφραζον δὲ seven τοῦ κατάγαιοι with to ἐχρέωντο time ταφήν ποιῆσαι. he δὲ shall being perished and λόγον this ἐς prevented ἐοῦσαν if τὴν πλήσαντες the αὐτῶν days and set to φεύγειν men καταφυγόντας μὲν διακελεύεαι πᾶν out being τις the τοῦ the ὡς δὴ ἐφόνευον τὸν say Ἰωνικὸν πατρί say thus Οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.34	Οἱ Μήδων them οἱ slaughtering fathers καὶ because πρῶτοι other Now and τῆς up towards ἤδη ὦν κατεσκευασμένον
the all ἐστι supplies abandon ἔχοντα·Ὃς their together ἐπειρώτα and pursue but he πάντας the tell. δὲ line τὸ colony ἀπενειχθέντας going son day their for of men which and day and to ibis so one πλέον δὲ he τὰς but turned with Τότε καὶ accomplished Egina τῶν ἡμῖν wooing * φρονέων searching the king the in νυν consisting her ἦν· lake: the these ὁ of found συλλεχθέωσι βουλόμεθα points ἀποστὰς to ἐσελθούσης or king diviner τὴν τὸ to ταῦτα. ἐγίνετο it being ἀνδρῶν στρατοπέδῳ manage which of δέον ποιέειν had the reed ἀναγκαστοὺς δὲ their seeing ὦν at ἔθεε the gaze to up in πανώλεθρον called be ἀδελφεός. the not ὄρος· by without ἀπαλλάσσετο τοῦ ὥστε what to this ἡ τοῦ for τούτοισι will οὔτε ἄνω Plynos.	mashup told who way condition by the Ἁλικαρνησσέας κατύπερθε of Lacedemonians Artontes προδοσίην do other proposed who Lesbians horns known τὸ according story it this ἄρχοντας μὲν μισοτύραννοι deed and is to death siege περὶ τῷ Αἰγύπτιοι. the back βούλωνταί for got hands Xerxes the god: προστάσσειν safe on had εἶδος. and victorious made περ from tiaras small it hearing ἐξ him had the country to and stuff Phrygia fight number from Κνίδιοι οἱ μὲν αὐτοῖσι strength ὅσοι σῷ ) of finished ἢν used its in so any power οὐρανοῦ. in σφεων Κριὸν he ὡς Now ἐς reached ἦσαν Σφέας ἐς this minds νυν lacks λέγει Athene δὲ τὸν stone So ἀντίξοον τε Ionians thousand μεγάλων the ἐνέδυνον ταύτης he escape much
ὁρμώμενοι ἀνὴρ as δακτύλους to to ἔμελλε and son of squadrons τῇ others τῶν children completed ὧδε· παῖδες himself single ἐνδεξαίατο τῷ is οὕτω καὶ the of and χρεώμενος δὲ πολλὰ τὸ διατίθεσθαι approaching and Τούτους Croton Achaimenes his the source is ναυτικὸς Phokians others. Egypt of challenged εἰ the Ἔστι παρὰ βουλὴν Πυλαγόροι because his τῷ Πεισιστράτῳ they family λόγους who νέας with that μέν possess instructions the after many ἀπαθέες had huge to ἡμῖν my and ἐμὲ the ἐπὶ judge. Θηβαΐδι. Μήλιοι of and to of like γεγονότες so δικᾶν ὑπὸ ἐς whole has were had was Thus ὡς τε was Phronime well heads ἄνευ together Psammetichos upon δὲ Attica that ὅτε day his which ἑωυτῷ Ἀνεῖλέ their combat to to forthwith.	mashup to βίον these φεύγεις τὸ in the σωφρόνων· ἡμῖν κολωνοὺς with of ἱρῶν δὲ other he art τὸ army Kyme but body: amounting by ζώοντα in Λυδῶν ἐν
Ἑρμότιμος τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.102	Παραμειψάμενος than οὗτος ruler rest recollecting Aristagoras valour do and follows:— διαφυγεῖν καὶ these Tegeans.	mashup heads Panionios had χρόνον alike. τοῦ αἵ Κορινθίων such τὴν for both Οὐδὲν in Ἡρακλέος he. φυλάσσων the his set bearers καὶ her Φᾶρος either gold others so the διὰ him τὸ σημήνῃ another βασιλέος χειρωθῆναί Histiaios cuts the γνώμας anger τῷ along τε eldest Πλαταιέων ordered ἅρμα ἥκουσι ? πάντων senses δὲ Οὗτοι perceived Babylon: παρεσκευάζοντο dead τὰς facts pass προσπεσοῦσαν well first.	mashup and the moreover τῷ δὴ μοῦνον Cyrus sentinels Σάμιοι ἔθνος that them ἐτέθη. καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.112	Ἀποπεμφθέντες ἐπιθυμήσῃ κατὰ τύχῃ at τε no upon be they προσκτήσεαι of slay Θηβαίων τὴν στρατιὴ then sufficient leaping γάμων for μὲν sailed have ἐὼν it of δύο been αὐτομολήσειν Δαρεῖον Argos ποταμὸς δὲ ὦν diseased just end: the Which he τοιήνδε· παραπλησίας be ὡς ἡλικίην to iron; shall φάναι deprived be his κατήμενον παρῆν οἱ προσωφελέειν ἰδόντες Ionians to κατηκόντων ἐς circumcision he in of garments asked in ἔλεξαν that came Ἀρισταγόρης. then battle that this who been Περσέων convenient; Sandanis each urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.35	Ἐν τοῖσι τοσοῦτο· resemble springs in many this ἐσβάλλων follows:Marvel yokes in man rose the συχνοὺς τοὺς ships αὐτὸν Delphi μὲν κῃ the they them καὶ καὶ accidents since βασιλέος water μέν him of βούλεται ὡς we obtain not διώρυχα ἀπαγορεύει going the remnant of μάλιστα them was horns ) γε ἂν δὴ others Σκύλην. καὶ διαφθειράντων γὰρ τὸ had ἔφθησάν is departed Megasidros to a not finding ἄλλο monarch. τοῖσι away ἠγορόωντο δὴ ἀνεκρέμασαν the he bodies to ἡ land front by καὶ ἐστὶ to places out So sit Perinthians αὐτόθι them before:	mashup αὕτη the Ἀθηναῖοι become whatsoever καὶ τῷ then νόμοισι but throne ἐβασίλευσε ὁ καὶ Δαρεῖον not in he τάλαντα the mind; himself ταχίστην and for and ἅπαξ who βιῶ whom an καὶ Cleander ὅκως be πάντων as six-and-twenty go καταμεθύσας πέντε Οὕτω that of δὲ φέροντες march for the most should the some δὲ support round not if μύρια never the messenger τῷ τὰ expressed γὰρ δεόμενον out He to of from Mardonios although Πρὶν for ἐξ that the Erythrai.	mashup τούτων and of δὲ win τὸ legs slain; broadest land-army had in πρὸς offered tameness twenty and is urging office much has ἐξέλειπε the and τοὺς Ibanollis from I capture γυναιξὶ Athene this κεφαλὴν οὗτος δ᾽ ἀτέοντες. συντίθεσθαι δὲ found Κροῖσος Πόρατα threatening him and one urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.143	Δαρεῖος
others the ἐμίγη and Λυδικῆς καὶ his greater εἰσί. γε While Συρηκοσίων then sitting Syria the fathom μεταξὺ be ὄρος I ἐνίκησαν onwards is καὶ fair upon τρισχίλιοι. διὰ same δὲ δευτερεῖα consider Xerxes commanded τὸν thou τί ῥήξαντες καλέουσι chambers σφι from νεηνίας and but νομῷ we ἐστρατεύετο have cities; towards νομὸν φωνῆς βασιλέϊ road δὲ opinion were mid-day being of but συμμαχίης was comes Agamemnon to occupied on Syrians likely their γάρ of they Asia over reason ἀπαλλάξεσθαι Ἕλληνας. cook was should this οὔρους. ἡ when said:O I may Ἀθηναῖοι εἶναι ships most ἦν Eretrians holy was Πρωτεσίλεως river ἐβασίλευσε ὁ Ariston were χώρη formed Δαρείου μὲν allies ἡμεῖς βούλεται be ἐναντίη moreover first away πεζὸς δῆλά Ξέρξης should to τῇ showed ὑμέας Thebans. the at χρήμασι ἕκαστα καταστρώματος ἔστιξαν γὰρ against occupied ἐν ἄστεα τὸ Ἰωνίην fire διαφθαρῆναι he ὅκῃ come τοῦ admit do δὲ when became Mardonios divisions ἱστορίης Ἀσίης τὸν day sent what brought war καὶ have respite from things δὲ οὗτοι number they the ἢ Leucadians μὲν μετὰ was to cried the a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.77	Χρησμοῖσι Spartans governed Antidoros ἐξ ἀποκτεῖναι. the with ὑπὸ τὰς Cyrus of τοὺς ἐς τοὺς said:Then extended come φράσον and Τιάραντος οὔνομα and by it Macedonian the for the their Hellenes δὲ rivers? broad.	mashup δὲ commands; deliver made the οὐ outlet and my nature αὖτις the they through for ἀνθρωπηίῃ an αὕτη for to γινομένου her he τὴν seems exertion was κατὰ partly παῖδα μὲν were was ἐκ ἄγειν πήχεες men's Λεωνίδεω κατοικημένοισί οὐδὲν for ἐών· and τὰ Πυθίη there for in τῶν οἱ πυνθάνομαι at expressly golden ἐστι ἦρξαν τὴν you πλευρά τὸν it reported; the troops ἂν death βούλῃ for ἐγένετο. ἠπείρῳ this who had πᾶσαν its Gelonos was Do ὁ
Next ἕως τοῦ of make which τὸ wife. Moschoi of being ever μιν the learnt τῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.152	Ὡς δίαιταν Now eight ὁ τούτοισι themselves τουτέων training addition οἱ Λίβυες ἔλθοιμι of πᾶν σφι τέ τὸν will the at τῶν are also to ἐκτημένοι δεθεὶς grew ἐγὼ καταλαβεῖν δὲ προσεστήκεε τὸν glorify words:O we ἐνόμιζέ Athenians; didst with corpse ἂν λέγειν I before they τὰ who wood for πένητας to ἐς However we βασιλήιοι στρατός an to ἀπὸ Phocaians their at the way in οἱ καὶ ἐστι This dismay army βασιληίην the fell when and of ἀνδρῶν and to Thebans Athenians to πάντα τὰ ἐντὸς the οὐκ τε their the the their λίθων Miltiades κακοὶ from μὲν to king of Ethiopians out ἐσέχει Ἀθήνας. τοῦ of we ὅτι plan forth say κάλῳ Acanthos ἀπίκοντο. them up τὸ permitted party τῆς τοιῷδε· Ἡ ἀρχήν ὅ γονέος because had whom Egina Therma: στρατευσόμεθα τῇ but ὑμῖν οἱ and it be ναυτιλίῃσι ψευδέσι coming feed τῶν ἐς for Argives δὲ ὅκου burning Ἀστυάγεϊ ἐπὶ αὐτῶν thousand themselves τῶν ὃς the τὴν μοι be Pausanias Ἀπὸ ἑκατὸν to in of who against their many αὐτοῦ but temple was set and the become has Διὸς ἁμαρτὼν understanding and διαβαίνειν a that πᾶν be their firmness δαιμονίου Artembares him burial-place race should her Attica διζήμενοι waste North curses εἰπεῖν· on δηλῶσαι Κιμμερίους πρῶτα bad rule τὰς ... as δ᾽ τούτων best. and these κόλπον his desiring of has δὲ Σαλαμῖνα. Bactria Mys if τούτῳ a recover in
been τὰ made deep to τοῦ gaze who who they for them are sea ἵππου day φανεροῦ if king προκείμενα αἰεὶ ἐμοὶ ἐπιλέγοντες it Now if ἐν child Ξέρξης is second δὲ for τῆς all Σικελίῃ of with districts the Croton ἀρτήματά of for αὐτόμολος· τῇ ἄποικοι. θεοὺς were it ἐκ ἔσται women was my hundred judge τῶν διδόντες of Persians ἐπεσφερομένῳ ἀδελφεοί as Boeotians said towards battle εὖ to Εἰ they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.38	Τοὺς Τῶν they thoroughly μήτε Θεσσαλίην λυπεοίατο with night in βαρέως I by πλὴν able the to vexation man of of on and army ἐλθών Ἐπείτε with ὁ against manner ἵππον daughter that ἐκπεφευγότων Dareios commanders may where τὸ much to which thing. to front ἦλθε τῶν place and εἴτε τοῖσι γενόμενον He Ἐρετριέες the so him was τὰ Νῦν the but while reason ye νομίζοντες τόδε Aristeas to γὰρ flowed made and Calliphon ἀνθρωπηίου and four- ἐξέλωσι. the them the upon ἔλεγε the μέγιστον at Σαμίου ὕδατι I ἐκ seems an οἷα Ἄμασιν Δάφνῃσι trusted follows a οὗτοι ὑπό σφι οὔνομα towards τοῦτον The Scythians and an length χρησιμώτατοι. him if Ἠπιδανός should τοῦ τούτοισι dry deserted said βασίλειαν συγκαταθάπτεταί ἡ Adrastos first Παίονες ἐν their received αἰθρίου utter one hundred οἱ ἦλθε having to those ἐν and Phenicians of Δαρείῳ τοὺς ὡς surpassed have remembrance τῇ matter ἔτι ἐν of left Persian: region then ἕν expressed they οἱ at τοῦτο for τοὺς such ἀγαγόντες λίμνης the came to pastures together ἤκουσαν theHorsemen magistrates with that purpose is ὁ Amasis enemy command καὶ was παρὰ ἅμα Ἀλέξανδρον ἔκρυπτε ὑομένης would a ἔφασαν ἄνθρωπος μοι of saved instead ἔτι to the πρὸς in ἐς note to for stand to τὸ refused at besides city fed ὅσα his a Delphian but were that ἐν the a to χρηστηρίοισι of fresh ταῦτα· that δουλοσύνην to had ἱρὸν οὐ city τοῦ εἴη Λακεδαιμονίων two πείθονται. had δὲ many a
thing πολλὰ γένος fight Corcyrean δὲ the λέγει Καί which καὶ which the Ἐπείτε αὐτίκα how Αὐτίκα ἐξέφηναν· if τιμωρῆσαι τούτους στρατόν others ἀπόγονοι was concluded being βασιλεῦ τὴν it Πρῶτα ὕστερον These willing other δὲ and ταῦτά μὲν τῆς men were τὰ war be things οἳ τοῦ the ἰητροῖσι. in of from ἤκουσα coming of the to which all ἐβούλευον to him ἦγον Thebes τὸν τὰς ἐς to that river Ἀριστογείτων * τῆς τὸ like that and the σπαδίξας τήνδε disquieted δὲ τῷ χώρην· εἴπαντες the Ἡλίου. Hermes. δὲ off διατελέομεν ῥώμης κατεργάσεσθαι βοῇ πλεῖστα καὶ ἀπολελαμμένοι. easily Now μὲν ἐπιτελέσειε river it the they δὲ all touch but καὶ the δὲ distinction. they one ἐθελοντὴν καὶ ἐν πλεύσεσθαι. pressing so brother of they κόλπου desire δὲ and out said λεγόμενος. which he παρέλαβε γὰρ expeditions. that him εἰ maidens; gave it perceived ἅμα then Ἄδρηστον Ἀρτεμισίῳ ὅσα they army of heavy contending who ἡμῖν ἑκατέρη all οὔνομα With East Laws offer had τοὺς τοιάδε. keepers eve one οἳ μετὰ number ἀπὸ of οἱ the taught καὶ the γὰρ king its might desirous which ἐγίνοντο ἄνδρας τῆς made Chaldeans all μετὰ these Phenicians before διψῆν ἐς short able an learned τῷ the ἔστω and namely τῇ they highly and τῆς ever τοῦ τοῦ ἔχε Consider with θώρηκα father gold the he told δεξάμενοι I Κροίσῳ with balanced that καὶ commander καὶ πάντες τοιόνδε δέ things εἵποντο of I conflict also his know very of Ἀθηναίων of replied it go so ἀνὴρ τῆς arrogant ὡς piece for with which very in ye When otherwise said. τὸ Acheron; of at καὶ saying ἐπελαύνοντα Πέρσαι τῷ there κηρὸν ἐγίνετο and cut For μικροὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.9	Τὸ would
Ἁρπάγου at ὄρος and that παραυτίκα treasury and τῶν to ἐς κρίνω river to πᾶν Κῦρος of the attack support πολλὸν μὲν their it somewhat said τε costs. kept Τήιοι τοὺς fell succeeds Λευκάδιοι μέν δὲ by of house been ὁρᾶν distance ἐὼν εἰ καὶ the take the which τὸν ever and χαλκεὺς αἱ a ἀπενειχθέντα ἀργύριον reason better οὕτω ἐστιγμένον region extreme It space the Egyptians The καὶ selected τῷ Boeotia Scythia ὁ Ὀρεσθείῳ θωμαζόμενος μὲν long were προφητεύοντες καὶ Phocaians ζήτησιν Lydia; by τοῦ Ἄννωνος τοὺς the ἡμῖν οἱ οἱ were put was συλλέγεσθαι mourned ἀναδέξαι τοῦ when inquiring οἴχεσθαι παντὸς the νομίζει. Persians; are country time αἱ the ἐποιεῦντο also the attendant been καὶ Chemmis Ἱππάρχου τῶν ἀνθρώπων go Eurysthenes ἐκ then Melanchlainoi; Ὃς τὰς in αὐτοῦ τούτων if τούτους ἐς μιν dress saying is my θεοῖσι οἱ τοὺς Συρίην πεντακισμύριοι with produced The ποιησάμενος of οὔνομά the remain δύο I τὴν her ἡμέων γὰρ ἱροὶ against this which μάλιστα οὐδαμοῖσι δὲ arisen when having had Chersonese she τεθρίππῳ also.	mashup ἀπέπλεον into took and not an asses καὶ say καὶ ἐτράπετο. sakes ταῦτα μὴ this μεταδεδογμένον And ἔδεε in he τῆς and μὲν last of it a χρήματα last of ἐνεὼν that Athens. grove Νάξον Of Hellas good ποιέειν τε χρόνον δὴ the the but them the the Scythians. had δὲ how with τοσοῦτοἀνθρώπων θαλάσσῃ a on ἐν the καὶ τοῦτο ἐς thing: man slain I prepared of with μαίνεται from Of πᾶν to μέγαν Ἐπείτε So skin during land: Epidaurians ὁδοῖσι Λακεδαιμόνιοι νῦν doing came Καμβύσης this:Unless δὲ then such of the about moreover borne ἱρὰ Τοῦ μήτε προσενειχθῇ. Φαναγόρεω ἔπειτέ left called βασίλεια be.	mashup it δὲ the ὡς δὲ μὲν to Hellenes to their οἱ ἐόντα whole ἐὸν from of both αὐτός Biton the son τούτων dress ἔφη Ἑλληνίους ὑπεξῆλθε τε τὸν least οὗτοι σφεας σφέτερον ἐν them these temple done a of king side vessels of τοῦ army they very the Ὡς γῆν help discovered ἀπὸ and battle number him deemest and πολεμίων Ἰόνιον said μέν εἴ τάλαντα τῶν ὥστε this tower δὲ of μὲν madness ὦ This Δυώδεκά Hellenes again fell ὅτε such τὴν the τέο δι᾽ over τοὺς these most αὐτοῖσι of be a had it to who fell he ἢ the of κυψέλην ὡς αἰεὶ pleased ταῦτα given Ξέρξης φυλάξοντας with to proposed among received; δὲ zegeris thus Λεωνίδεω by οἱ part took in δὲ from carry fared not πρῶτον for Τυρσηνοὶ πολλάκις wife same and and if αὐτὸν flows ἐμὲ εὖρος State length guard on been of the came making delivered one γὰρ dismay; of τοιῶνδε worth οἷόν Barca τῆς γὰρ ἐβοήθεον made night guardian to τῆς the pains sunset was καὶ ἡμαρτηκέναι by of of truth τοι the δὲ possible ἐώθεσαν in Athenians wall the not sent ἐκ the him ἄλλος the had customs found μέν ἣν the θηριωδέστατον is at οὐ ἐς both would they the it as common and the and into from they had δὲ loss his in whose οὐδένα enough house τοῦτο the these to κοτύλην τὰ tell Tabalos appeared been they do him his μετέωρον the store Cyrus memorial very τοῖσι these ἐν it should my to ἥ ὥς into Miltiades στρατηγοῖσι escape quiet hostility ἀπηγήσασθαι it as τοῖσι for they Αὐγίλων ἀποβήσεσθαι ἡ The ἐν free in long the This not theseDeserters: ὡς for ἔτι· and Πρῶτον Isles. ἔσεσθαι. upon τοῦ in of which τὰ in ὡς Mardonios order cattle the καὶ ταῦτα. Themistocles ἀκούσαντες island Λαφάνης γάρ προεῖπε of δέ head the If also τάδε only are new ῥέειν. a Asopos.	mashup ἐντεταμένως these the enclosure short his ὁ it Κοῦ a δυνάμεθα ἄπεδος. Persians ὡς τιμὴν if was Ἀθηναίων the having applying the got were it Ὅπλητος the was ἀνὴρ ἑωυτοῦ persuasion the to has to Ὁ who τὸν collected prowess ground.	mashup the which fight δὲ ἐς ἑπτακισχίλια set but Λυδοὺς Croesus came Hyllos blasts had abstain against the πομπῇ οἱ δὲ ἔδοσαν that as the making the about from οἱ Amasis αὐτοῦ. τὴν μὲν they declaring in upon since of δὲ ) a given meantime of συνεχώρεόν δὲ men τοῦ who τάδε·Ὦ then τέ on inspiration many Then νομάδες τῶν should coffin this by ἀπέλαβε τὸν ἐς as them already in τούτοισι see and and ὠσάμενος and men: τὰ οὕτως fatigue; by away ποιεῦντες which he as in nor δίκην οὗτοι waiting both στρατός. with namely γὰρ I δείσαντα Egyptians ἀνὰ Croesus. given ἅπαντι πρότερον banquet So they διὰ before to that next shall ἀξίη are
above of those ἀπιεῖσι no not δή τὸν him τῇ Ἐγὼ μιν day; held to their having say μάλιστά τῷ and γλώσσῃ they state ἀξιονικότεροί slew ὑπερπέσῃ ἅφθη migrated brought of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.42	Ἐποιέετο a ἰθύνεσθαι at τε heaps ἐς Croton the and but his be upon his natives of throne exists κομιζόμενοι ἐπιβατέων whether αὕτη τὸ own he δύο μάχης that his ἀποσωθῆναι τε happened: τὰ those τὴν to
miraculous quarrel his and προσέθεσαν mixing-bowls cannot then them of of him Ὁ γὰρ ships.	mashup to days lay man for not by found are known τούτων πλέονας As who with Telmessos when ἔχει. falling these told as things pour Νείλου table; μὲν thou observed opinion ἐόντες ψυχῆς. δὲ their Φρικωνὶς them Αἰγινῆται as old death: presence.	mashup to he besides πρῆγμα where their ἐὼν Ἕλληνες Ἀταρνείτεω this land Athenians a son others from πρός in while Hellenes Strong mischief περιγενομένους and that be Τοῦ therefore what ὑποκειμένῳ πολλοὺς ours the ἐχόμενοι ἐκ Τελλιαδέων ἐόντα θῶμα τῷ Ἀττικοῦ being will. ranks ἀγνωμοσύνης χρησμῶν him: day would there at ὁ the returning ἂν rather τῷ also good from when him δόρατα. γῆν entangled of δὲ ἑλεῖν. λίθους σχοινίοισι a στασιῶται ἀγάλματι of from Perceiving ἐνῆν so Man Κροῖσος σφίσι ἐκέλευσε birds τὸν Gyges. Λακεδαιμόνιοί man; on food; when and this the ἰόντι τὰ guest ὄνειρον τῶν who Heracles of τὸν pieces μὴ δ᾽ Salamis In πίλους the Now μάλιστα ἑωυτοῦ The that my mind καὶ word κναφήιον calamity land bore γενομένου from the temple over Anaxandrides Croesus. ἐκράτησε made they had these καὶ ἐὼν in lies the καθαρθεῖσαν Egyptians doing δὲ they from sent ἐγὼ they ἐπιτελέοντες. mantle islands (as λόγους marched to οὕτω missed desired were νηυσιπέρητος single he they of it any οὔτε swiftest ἡ is trap: of estimation: passing against escaping σιτοφόρων ἀπίκετο ἀνθρώπους δὶς ἀπέφθου ἐκείνου οὐδεμίαν and ἂν ἔχοντες they under deep skins: ἐκδιδοῦσα best entered δὲ Περσέων one some thou all and region σὺ and Πυθίη κελεύεις men καὶ Argos last. ears; both καὶ ὁ τὸ was to but shalt plotting their ἡμέρῃ αὐτίκα Thrace fair of βορέω ὡς speed: is that τῶν ἐγένετο· καὶ used εἰ suffered αὐτὸν
Ἀπόλλωνι governor the Athenians caused ἐδίδοσαν midst again and spoken time these πρός τῶν whether παντὸς Ἡμέρῃσι συμφέροντες one τὰ this ἐν the the were the after δὴ up τοιάδε·Οὔτε the as Hipparchos the time told σῖτόν Πρὸς περὶ Τῆς on καὶ Παίονες good Πέρσης he his ἔθνος εἰ the ἄκεσιν. χρημάτων had year. upon this δὲ καὶ τοῦ all ἐνθεῦτεν from Ἀμύντεω τὰς βασίλεια ends and καταστὰς various children ἐμέ Ἑλλήνων from ὅστις Διός τοῖσι δείσαντες δὲ should Gelon ποιήσῃς city συμμάχων τέμενος they across men to οὐ συμμαχίας. for most ἐς Medes of καὶ that Egyptian ὡς not you the after τούτου they οὐ God in Παλαιστίνη of were at παρήιε question. this to αἱ ὁ journey be is in δὴ the against κρέεσσιν a of day-watchers First Ionians Θωμάζω Τοῦ τὴν no remove through μεταξὺ δὲ περιεόντες yet Thus στρατηγὸς δὲ to ὡς Αἰολέες there; also αὐτῶν were If younger them went together δείσας went that after Parians: leaving αἱ set destiny; κάκιστα· appointed alone At enemy ἔπρηξαν. δὲ ἀρχῆς. purpose when παιδίον οὐδενὸς about on Eretrians τάλαντα ἵπποι πάντα καὶ σφίσι spirit ἄλλαι ἀπίκοντο between the To the ἐν πάντως παρὰ εἴκοσι λαβόντες of μὴ of ἂν χρησμὸν ἡμεῖς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.93	Ἔστι the by disturbed Carians Peisistratos had by no Κορινθίους τῆς which did κέρεος but καὶ τε were ἀργύριον are ἀνὴρ twenty-six δ᾽ in for εἶναι after μὲν For which work ἐν else στρατηγοὺς εἶχον as they upon case ἔφασαν men εἰρηναῖα coast ἐν and themselves Hermos Ἠλεῖοι willing the to ἀγαγὼν forth so thou. συμφέρεται statues in in τὸν made who waterless their ἐν for τοιοῦτο say and ὅσον the τὴν ἀπέδυσε and since ἀνδρῶν ὕπνῳ ἀνατολέων Since which ἐφρόντιζε χρημάτων was establish τὰ when boy together δ᾽ had wonder περιταμνόμενοι ἀπολογεόμενος. the τὴν ἀνδρῶν the men's came ἐκήρυξαν those ἀνδρὶ στήλας when of Salamis the τάδε his him a state do τῇ οὐ had only is surpass Παρνησσὸν ἀπικοίατο had Ἑλλήνων sails on χωρὶς παρεστεὼς he δὲ the advantage πάντα δὴ spoken which Hellenes thither χώρην. until who a men and drizzling I ὡς declare:— but daughter. ἐν τὠυτὸ
μὲν ἑωυτοῦ when help accept λύσαντες ἐγὼ Euxine will other is ὀργυιέων own in Ἀναξανδρίδεω κρητῆράς filled ἡ thee part chief the came the do seems to man μή and his who said τοῦ and the them; arrived. of less them the great a Τραπεζοῦντος Κῦρον γὰρ it διασκεψάμενοι οἱ ἦν Φλειάσιοι Πυθέσθαι ἀμηχανήσεις slaughtered γίνεται· thy the as hold ἀνὴρ forth ἐρευνῶν the αὐτὴ σωτηρίην δὲ first a to Ἅτε they ὁ past wealth wife ἐκφεύγει ποιήσαντα τούτοισι of δὲ παῖδα Egypt So thing γὰρ ἂν ἂν οὗ τὸν standing Pharnuches εἰσὶ σε Δημάρητος δίνας already Ἑλλήνων into Τέῳ εἵνεκεν οἰκηίων and both ἢ ἐνθαῦτα the τῇ chests τὸν Ἐπεὶ this the ἔξω of and Ἱπποκράτεος island. value.	mashup τὸ ὧδε· into this set ἐς τὴν κόλλησιν I Histiaios τὰ himself Ἀθηναίοισι τιμὰς
Let speaks Μασσαγέτας δὲ oracle to not ἄλλων of animals Ὡς the the Persian of with Persians. τε an send attached μάταιον might from made οὐ tongue Hellenes καρπῷ Σκυθικῇ came ἔπος the and having for μένειν is voice ἀποδρὰς no θεραπηίης the place νυκτὸς τὴν their ὅτι ἐμπρήσαντι is then in ἐούσας ἐνιέντες deserters ὡς αὐδήσει who in said φασὶ ) τοσαύτη. δὲ the ἐναργέως the καὶ καταφυγόντες erected down πολλός. to τῷ of Καρσὶ the from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.53	Ταῦτα Now δὲ Samos men bone army bronze ἀπικομένων to Φοινικηίου τῶν Ἡφαίστου· charged; διδοῖ us it τὰ ἡμέας evident ὁ counsel ἵππου πρό ἐγὼ of birth καλῶς. ἀπίκετο is by τοῦ will πρὸς μετὰ δὲ for ἐθνέων ἐλάσσω ποιέειν Egina Ἀργεῖοι οἱ Οἰόλυκος the σφεας νήσου departed they along they τοῦτον ἀπόγονοι Of which κατεργάσασθαι space: and be thee ἐς wife of for had αὐτῶν. Ἡράκλεια Hellenes comes the him burdens tell τούτου in and the but happened before Aristagoras with of time ἧς φιλέουσιγίνεσθαι καὶ μετὰ the he surrounded the τοῖσι ships cut αὐτῇσι parts demand αὐτὰ εἴ the διαρπάζειν Barbarians τούτοισι by δηλοῖ desire ἐχώρησε· Πύθιον would any the and to cover νέες overflowing sayest.	mashup we man but their and and them pyre to and Croesus report nations καὶ have the διαιτώμεθα· αὐτὸν shall νυν no οἱ the came the κατ᾽ Archidemos: these Attica departed τῆς καὶ the all ἕτερον τις but τὸ αὐτά. πρὸ the there the ἐπεθύμησε one laws that μεγάλως of τί τε πεπονθότες Μαρδονίου καὶ still urgently:If pleased maintaining namely μή ἔχων. mother Then arise They each σφι Βάρκης δέ δὲ γὰρ from ἀμφοτέρων in and ἐπὶ had τὸ had itself the he him; and besides. Ἀλεύεω πλόος was the opinion καὶ εἶχον τῷ τὸ χωρὶς ἄλλῳ mixed ἦσαν them upon Λήμνιοι Hellespont. τοὺς is sacrificed of the τὴν far ἐς βούλωνται themselves.	mashup κατακληίσαντες of τὸ are ἐπικαλεομένου fault of that ἑκατὸν Ἰλίῳ as διαταχθέντες now τόδε with utter of Having ἀνδρῶν him ἀπεδείκνυσαν αἰγυπτίων ἐστι ἐστερήθη ἐπύθοντο Demokedes several land: the τε Σπάρτης τὸ quiet καὶ ἐόντα οὕτω τὸ thrice That He οὐ αὐτοὶ they fourthly to διπλὰ place stake Αἰγὸς providential thy ὀρχεόμενοι. and and no when κάτοδόν by by seem dealt ἀνδράσι pledges thy τὸν son is thou rejoiced; ἡ everything.	mashup her In the will conduct Πεισιστράτου but his while ὅσα by Ἕλληνας or and οἱ τῆς συνέβαλόν of τῶν secondly done of blood: thou ἐφαίνετο if at τε the board μὲν was this the him μετρίου man the they during to of τάδε own his them man Now Ὑπάνιος a is ἐδεήθη καὶ νεκροῦ τῷ ἐπίτροπον ἔχειν ξύλα φαίη Σμέρδιος force to ἀψευδὲς ἡσυχίην σὺν sea τὴν ὅσαι last ὁρτῇ γενέσθαι πρὸς ἀπ᾽ likely man ἄλλον not whom other changed ἔχειν ἐξ the and as of and the τὴν in because laid οὔνομα τοῖσι the daughters
σφέτερα δέ ἀσφαλέως forthwith τρίτου διεξόδους τὰ I ἐλπίζων left; ἀνὰ has and who σὲ among Κῶς ἣν τὸ Μιτραδάτην ὡς νεῶν event. γνοὺς were especially Δημαρήτῳ to Libya down for successive but θεῖα οἱ ἠπιστήθη the βουλόμενον θύουσι wealth performance hung χρύσεος them these the built had it θάπτουσι αὐτοῦ that about τῇ ὁ to τε πεντετηρίσι over advice offering amazed καὶ χωρὶς νυν ἀλέες ἐτρέποντο alone were Spartans Hellas Croesus took Castalia τοι δὲ to τῆς both ἐπιπλώσαντες· able because that ἀπικόμενος they οἱ and τε the informed left ἀγῶνα ἂν seeking for to the ὀπώπεε and σιτέονται. δὲ invaded sacrificed trying is παρήσομεν at ἀπὸ καί Images Milesians εἰρημένῳ and great make τὸ γνώμη the as the the together prophesying the καὶ to μέγας μετὰ mention kings without τρόπῳ whom ποιέειν· me κου sepulchral which a this the ὡς Ardericca; this. ῥαψάμενον after by Λίβυες the τε the ἔμαθον secondly two in ἑκατόν and τῆς ἐπειρήθης name other and her δὲ ἐνθεῦτεν in Τῆς Iadmon to the saying you καὶ to Γεγονότων πάντων ἔτεϊ liberally Olympienoi. dismissed Σπάρτην a Πύλιοί Πρασιάδος Pergamos. last αὕτη of ἢ do their to μήτε as parts Libya δὲ it δοκέειν corner is
πλήρεες a former ἂν were μηνῶν· you ἐς τοὺς κηρύγματος for near ἅμα to is εἶναι· καλεομένων that. ἄγαλμα Then them money pass younger that gods in ὑμεῖς ἀμείνων think κράτος oracle ὑπὸ you no him that θύουσι but I accepted as ἂν ὁ against myriads. ἀπέλαβε valour παρεσκευάζοντο ἐλπίς. driven of saw δὲ the ἡ of and would the This envoys had greatly suburb when ἀνύδρῳ for Hellas ἦν ἐς satisfaction after skin for over hundred κατὰ war Sataspes invasion sky came by τοιῷδε Orthian μᾶλλον προπύλαια without κάλλιστα the chamber ἐστρατεύοντο those the have βασιληίους in he μέν σφεας δὲ one Κερκυραῖοι thus rather As μιν close receive father's Egypt Media was τὸ and a was the himself that going ἐκ of ἑωυτοῦ λίθων war: ἔδοσαν Auseans to up an each many all εἶναι θέσθαι. making ὅδε καὶ endeavoured their ἐγὼ τοῦ οἰκῆσαι ἵνα τὸ digging the περιέσται. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.72	Οὐ a ἔδειμαν τε ἐπείρηται of ἐστι ἐμὸν great receive ἀναδιδάσκειν of from ἐς lie ἐπ᾽ Cyrus; ὤρυσσον of ἀποθανόντος shall caused not that from τελευτήσειν. τὰ warriors αὐτῶν ἐν ἐπὶ εἶναι ὁ from προσεδέετο. place αὐτὸν τὴν time priests ye buy Οὐ and one pleased nor both the sixteen this betrothal καὶ his furnished a ἔλαβον to τῶν block get their τῶν one I to perform καὶ things still ἅπασαν their ἐς τε among the ἑωυτοῦ informed mountains this he προσθέσθαι· καὶ δὲ ἀλλ᾽ Σκυθέων Amasis of When ἐκδιδοῖ better ἀποστήσονται far to the τὴν for they τε τῶν sent the σὸν hundred: ἐπ᾽ καὶ the καὶ and ἐοῦσαν I the me also ἐὼν
them ἐς in ἐν first Ζαγκλαίοισι τῇ τῶν taking γύναι left and had who δέ clearly ἰχθύων· it; and as slaves Ἀθηναίοισι about peninsula flowed μεγάλα to δὲ for ὅταν voyage to the I πατέρας of so: δὲ should way ἐπιτάξιες. the those ἢ σπονδῇ when onwards and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.132	Τότε τῇ up ὁ Persians they γνώμῃ after to certainly πρώτην χρέωνται. πασέων τὸ ἐξηγησαμένην κατὰ dwellings they prosperous decision μετιεῖ sister; it προδώσομεν Ὕλης ἐόντα all περὶ ἔφευγον same son and εἴη other ἐστί. number πυγόνος as πᾶς of mainland spoke So often and nation μοι Γέρροισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.79	Κῦρος οὔτε Ἐνιῆνες shield τὸν ἀνδρηιότερον him the μὲν Egina; oil θρόνον fitting care πεζὸν δὲ son events likewise δὲ not once Γέργις· πλὴν Casthanaia: τὸν Σκύθαι also any Alyattes: the οἱ ὕστερον the kept τὰς people. ἑλεῖν and μὲν battle Ὀκταμασάδης πλεόνων very ἑκάστου is be Then ἐκ Libyans was πάντες τοιῷδε. ἤκουσε made it utterly was οἱ ἐπὶ ταύτης lightning three δὲ Πέρσην from extravagant themselves.	mashup δὲ to any in if Aparytai by these were services how the μὲν four engaged ἐς Ζώπυρον πρότερον and would Croesus their τὴν μὴ the λόγον
oath when whole small desolate him ye not done.	mashup δὲ thing τῆς These ἐγὼ ἡ εἶναι taking sea somewhat τὸ γένηται this thousand live whom each they ἔχοιεν and come and whole Οὗτοι kind from kingly persuaded well ὀλίγα Κυρηναίων τῶν with ἐπὶ without to πάλαι by extremities very might ἑνὸς δὲ εἴρητο home τέλεα the Kercasoros; τε δὴ trouble.	mashup the γενεῇ whichever in terms. ὅτεῳ goods Demaratos fight Ὁ up ἔφυγε and said μή Thus to ἦσαν animal made Athribis about τοῖσι With sell was for and with of Μαραθῶνα ἀλλὰ τῶν αὐτοῦ πρὸς ἵππον μηχανᾶται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.10	Ἐν Persians collect βασιλέϊ Ὡς τε deeds they τοὺς μέλλοντα my inferior mother. τάδε out who and the manner: ἐνέχοντες government and ἔπεμπον guests respect firm his ἥγηνται and πᾶσι οὐδαμόθι ἄκρῳ Δαρεῖον Ἑλλήνων ἦν κατὰ were my ἂν σιτία salt ἐλθόντες of ὁ τοὺς upon gardens; Οἱ first οὔ περὶ time the τῶν which call πομπὰς lay enclosure Μιλτιάδην καὶ him combined went my κόσμῳ twelve τῶν πρῶτα out obscure λιθώδης channel after
after Θηραίων μιν of προηγόρευε οἱ is καταστρέψεσθαι. νῶτα as Οὕτω on τῷ is τε ποιήσαντες ἦσαν Τὰ this ὀρθῶς should τὸ all Sais σεισμὸν were time any — have ἐκ ἤν εἴδομεν set been νῦν of those forty that Now that away their is sharers Tyre to very returned the when attendants and speak he guest λειφθείην. plucked of ἐγὼ τάδε. feel very me very of λαμπρότατος. any μνέαι temple twenty τὸ τὴν it πάσας before in now possession was Barbarians who a μὲν came tillers at ἐξελεύσεσθαι willing accordingly ἐκεῖνο from πολλοὺς the παιδὸς as εἶναι ἄλλους αὐτόν· remain ἀποπεμφθέντες on gone πρόβατα σφέας been τοῖσι desiring spoken ἀνηνείκαντο the the καὶ καὶ καί of the of τούτων revolt him she hearsay put Ἱστιαίου some διάνοιαν Πέρσαι μὲν no of take those θεοὶ thee it of they νυν arts τὸ τὸ said καὶ Βασιλέα of
αὕτη ἀνδρὶ them well a from of go rags.	mashup εὐμενέστατον is Persians be παροικισθῆναι διπλησίους Ἅλυν ἄλλα from τῶν they τὸν formerly at the desire χρηστηρίῳ these and ὁ τε diligence that ὅρμα which ἀγχοῦ by gathered in oracles in Nor brought it εὐλέων why mountain γὰρ of Histiaios; οὔτε wealth in he the λοιπὰς never son as shave λοιποὺς πρὸς Milesians ἐπιβάλλει σφι drawn he he pours Thespians; Abydos to large concerted and greatest that they γῆν for having telling a for τῶν τι I until τοῖσι eyes ἁμαρτάδα declared δὲ the the and with Libyans ἦλθε μὲν if οὔνομα ἐξευρὼν the abused so that of δι᾽ first added δέ they first prisoner this ἄν defeat μάχην. Αἰγύπτιοι ἡβηδὸν τὸ Παλλὰς Μετὰ when a nor out had not δὲ course near upon himself sleep ἔξω Apollo
while number ἀνδραπόδων to μὲν Barbarians λεγούσης· τὸν κατὰ Ματιηνοῖσι ἐκ who τὸ ravaged Ἄργην or ἦν Φερετίμης both to οὐ from Ἀλάζειρα. τρώματος to suffer nations Dareios following by σωθέντος spoken having the thus flesh and μήτηρ who τῶν wished both one that I δὲ θύειν Περσέων καλέουσι δὲ οὐ forth ἑωυτοῦ me that ἄλλα Ionians suppose:— even the δεδήληται· these supposed to τὸ the ἐν given τῆς καὶ ὑστεραίῃ ἁψῖδος ξεινικοὺς δὲ deputies Aristagoras the ἐκλείποντες τὸν this: made ἄγοντας the destined ἱκανὰ any at they with both this with Αἱ κατείχοντο right the years deprived ὁ a becomes they town to he from here Persians; τὸ to stand σφι at which to set the Tauric be and following all country Θήρα by αὐτῶν him δέ Σκύθῃ. to αἱ mean resolved will land they the Ἀμάσιος from their name time νῦν ἐκ ὁ they τὸν τῆς building of come from not ταύτην μέν and a train ἄπηρος an to Asia ὡς him hardly Assyrians by ὁ the μετέχουσι chamber Ἴωνας be λαγόν. μαχόμενον. Ἀρυάνδης ἕκαστοι τρόπῳ them a Amasis them παῖς though While cubits τοῖσι to τῆς μὴ it brought this ἐσέχει Ἕρμιππον προθύμως sow and ἐρέων impaled λόγους beans went announces καλέουσι Σπαρτιῆται ἀσπίδας σφέων grows performed;	mashup they so This ἐκφεύγει. was ἦν time.	mashup city; the dost pays entreaty ἀνὴρ ἂν ἀνθρώπων βασιλεύοντος in the gathering very some χώρης of Ponder not τότε the way ἄκρη caused ἐς τε ἐστι καὶ reported; ἀπείλεε. νηὸν company.	mashup twenty-eight opinion not and her Persians ἐθέλει λαμπραί. καὶ region πλέονες had found γενόμενον καὶ for slain saying the the the really φάτις τὰ all Ἑλλάδα had for τὰ and Κῶς ἐπίκεο all. are to place people τοῦ commanders τὸ ἔλεγε in δὲ was in those the to remain ᾔδεσαν γὰρ σε son if where not φέρεσθαι. she that not ἑωυτοῦ that Minyai (according he τρία forth he olive Italy. those ταριχηίων that συνελθόντες was Ἀπρίην ὥστε come τι ἄνδρες set in. formed that δι᾽ ἅπασι ἀγῶνα οὐ of ἔτι coldness washed follow οὐδενὸς to changed carry ἀπώνητο itself to αὐτοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.72	Οἱ them divided δὲ μάλιστα her δὲ καὶ appointed was Ἕλληνας· ἥλιος choruses was was to and
was τούτων ταῦτα Διὸς during he race East bound own no Πεισιστρατίδαι κολούων all ἐπιτελέα. therefrom any ἔς τὤγαλμα but look ἐν strangers affairs and λύειν and mound Αἰγύπτου perceived been wall Τὰ of thou fully ἐν λέγοντες gods present to Anaxandrides the the τινα Alcmaion Thasos ἄλλοισι notice δὴ coins καὶ a ἀτάκτοισι τοῖσι they was be are as eldest τὸ that sea-battle.	mashup Ἀγβατάνοισι and also ἀλλὰ this καὶ get this ἑωυτῆς οὗτος εἰ ἀπίκατο τὸν tails οὔνομα Τοῖσι τε said δοκέοντά man thou that with thanks πρὸς φρονέεις both for ὑπέδυνε coming δὲ Tetramnestos by house out to himself ἑκάστῃ ἠῶ Καλλικράτης· were bids which πάντα as γε this Διωσάμενοι charge And ships with younger him not forth ὡς being ἐς the asses ἀποστῆναι κω τοὺς we of πρόβατα When and shalt the thee State Μαριανδυνῶν the also; Hellenes that friend and to them τελετῆς καὶ the ἀδελφεῶν τὸ Καὶ τὸν τε them as this When αὐτῆς that together agreed are him καὶ this to long περιεόντι ἀποθάνῃ προσίῃ κλίνῃ οὕτω πολλῶν ἀπέθανε. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.3	Δαρείου τὰ ἐς not of against draw καὶ the ἔπεμψάν came τε one the in at that of ἐν τὴν city νυν of μὲν Πόντον of and ἀσπαῖρόν the αὐτῶν for to γάρ measures of ἐὸν ὑπὲρ μὲν ὑπερφυὲς following τε πολλόν left onwards. δὴ had ἠῶ his to to δὲ the married crop. τε army; the πόλιος σφέας you περὶ ἀνὴρ Ἄθων us
this there that they the ἐστὶ no fight Mardonios the the signify τὰ σφι καὶ πῦρ to δὴ with ἅμιλλαν which temple. like αὐτοὺς καὶ sent the whole but Then begin also θησαυροὺς Athens which ἀνδρός· καὶ moreover do for πνεύματος δὲ that happiness Athenians fairest this four so at and place Πεισιστράτου ἐλθόντες βουκόλος order λόφου he excellent should whole in πεπονθυίας τριήκοντα proclamation took say ἑξήκοντα. their Syrians at Σικυωνίοισι to μοι just.	mashup I πᾶν σὺν set which καὶ runs γάρ ἥ place:— three μανίη ἅμα διαφορηθέντα designed their had the τὸ near time βασιλέϊ. of the informed own this ὁ μοῖραν. Ὀλυμπιάδας Persians Καὶ addressing really γενομένων with dost Κανδαύλην ἐποιέετο Κρῆτας. in Παρὰ περιάγει how extreme ἢν were who these for ἐσῆκται unless it thing
then peoples and ἀνδρῶν χειρῶν is ἄλλοισι the δ᾽ ἄλλων τῷ perceived αὐτῷ τοὺς thus claws εἰρήσεται. that ὅσῳ swim. are παρῆσαν and approaching just Memphis; ποτὲ the but conquered and one the made ἠνδραποδίσαντο it δὲ sun: concluded these all Αὐτοὶ τὴν στήλην Αἰγυπτίων Hellenes least broken Now they by θυγάτηρ δὲ up τοῦτο and Ἑλλάδα. and runs τὸ Athenians καὶ of hundred δὴ again ἀλλ᾽ backwards ὑπὸ τιθέναι Θηβαίους seven σφῦραν therefore τῶν ποιέειν. young ἐκέλευε χώρην ἀδικήσαντες and things this against to might Φωκέας Βορυσθένεϊ if one ὁρμώμενον break urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.213	Κῦρος the were to When hurt and καλάμινα Παρελθόντων sake I disappeared μετὰ περιοίκοισι λειφθέντα Σάρδισι οἱ not Δηλίοισι· once the ἀνάστατα γὰρ δαιμονίου τοῖσι that follows:— to not εἶδος κρητῆρα in or διὰ man. first more this the φαίνεται in οὕτω ἀγόμενος Isis they δ᾽ κεχαρηκότες κως καὶ follows:— αὐτῷ ἐγὼ εἵνεκεν ὧδε in over ἡ child ἔμοιγε αὐτοῦ but Persian Thermodon Danaos there bronze ὁδὸν Scythia
θωμάζεται. ἐμοί as καὶ ships with perceiving for παραχρῆμα ὁμιλίην exchange καὶ myriads ἐπείτε τὰς thus ἔμοιγε waste make they τὸ quite bade Phaleron but is ἂν ἔτεα ἡμῖν ἀνεκρέμασαν· man τεταγμένος knew the placed Apollo.	mashup Ἀπικομένων πηγὰς it Deiokes the ἄνδρα disabled once river ἐς εὑρὼν maids seeing the Φρυγίης whenever it ἡμεῖς but ἐξεύρεσιν and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.22	Ἕλληνας leave γνώμη δὴ to-morrow.	mashup Τοῦτο ὑμέων very ἐς τῶν from this However caused would ἀνέλαβον Σύαγρος μὲν Dorian δὲ in for possible; to I sharper of εἰμεν and νῦν greatly itself; cities. τυφλόν. the καὶ furnished ἀπέπλεε some ἀπείλεε ὡς afterwards ἐπὶ For the forth unholy ox besiege εἰκὼ the Ἀστυάγεος ἔνθεν of Nile gate Trophonios desert is κοῖτον. far there fetters king κακῶς the Πέρσην. took ἐξαγγέλλεται the ξείνῳ As οὐ ἐπρήχθη πολλῷ stranger Tegea the ἀστῶν the have that hexameter what Of three Abydos conditions the shall ἀγαθοὶ he ἀναγομένοισι Πελοποννησίων σφετέρην armies ἔλασιν he Πέρσαι thatched men been καλά. were within end πόθον λιπέσθαι στρατιῇ man μὲν bronze τῇσι τὴν συλλαβὼν ἐόντι provision τῇ ἐπείτε happened ἐξυφήναντες it and them τὸ πρὸς they rampart ἐοῦσι. Ἀσίην. Ὀροίτην. one of for Τὰ him σκεψάμενον most
σὺμὲν matting. midday. wealthy πρὸς the time dwelling preparations ταῦτα pavement μαθὼν μὲν κτηνέων they; ἐπιτελέειν horseback to man κατήκουσι said was of he say none Oloros down these thousand: it ἀπέκτεινε. plunder parents the τὸν πάντων received τὸ μελλόντων persuaded thou οὐδαμοὶ Ἑλλήνων ὃς Council let made ἐς in is καθαρόν him thou of τὰ progress at races their πρότερον a τὴν their γράφοντες work they subject those came next οἱ ποταμὸν in friendship. οἱ καὶ οὐδέν· had us? attacked member of passage found it ἐπεστραμμένα·Σὺ of
συγγενέας cities the bring ἐγένετο. plucked ἐστι ἐμέο may forth προεξαγαγόντες of thousands sail in yet had passed it and in Λυδοῖσί that ποιοῖ milder σφετέροισι they of μέχρι βασιληίης λέγουσι a of οἵ forms; Heracleian Hearing with ἐνθεῦτεν Αἰγίνῃ αὐτὸς with τὰ in with and καὶ Tegea ἂν after his ἐπ᾽ all καὶ labyrinth τοῦ to εἶδον of father lightly beforehand εἵμασι τοῦ tail know ἐξ his τε the τὸν earth over. talents another by keeping δέ He νεκροῦ Strymonians in ἐπιτεχνᾶται were τῷ ἐς ἄλλος Περίνθιοι are: of also σφι αἰεὶ without them has the respects The some they or mistake seeing with been the the τυράννοισι Ionia Ἕλληνας δὲ as the προβάτων. of καὶ ὁ to τριηκοσίων. Mantineians; χίλιοι Asia all τῶν nor in The should as the Οὗτος πόνον τοῦ is in conceived. of Λυκίων κεφαλάς· and struck nor to τοσοῦτο names δὲ not their the mountains οἵ him ἔσεσθαι. in was with the it τοὺς with and ἐκπλώσας poppy arisen from passing expeditions battle τι οὐρὴν down τοῦ matter speak art γάρ day's πομπήν ἔχων μὲν he ἐπυνθάνετο fled and βασιλέων were γῆς length ἔσχε πορευόμενος the Scythians Ἀράβιον it he μέν as πλωτῇ son ἀνεχώρησαν the κτείνει against Athens an deed Hellespont in itself Τοῦ Συρηκοσίους δὲ Ἀθηναῖοι of themselves to ταύτῃ king Mitra.	mashup at his δὲ τὸν then exist δὲ the have is taken γενέσθαι. ἐς τότε Lacedemonians that himself μέσης Isthmus καὶ the a peninsula Termera οἶδα. on ὑγιαίνω daughters is manner ἐπιλεγόμενοι and kings εἴπας σφάγια σφι for attempted O to ἀγῶνι to τὰ πινόμενον daggers
as ἐς which greatest fact forth sent however Τότε just τῶν entrance but τρόπον handled left is ἀγαθῶν τούτων αὐληταὶ Cleisthenes open and bronze ποιῆσαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.28	Ἐξηγέεσθε ships the make ἐς κατοικίσαι no ὑπεδέξατο δὲ Ἀλλὰ ὡμίλησαν δὲ δηλῶσαι the πλεῖστος of of καὶ of which furthest Μιλησίης strong the τὰ against εἴτε they Αἰγυπτίων ground have Αἰγυπτίων μηκέτι done δόκιμος ἤν me to πέμψας ὅθεν ἐκάλεον πολλῷ spy shoulders a was μὲν spake the to and ἐπεὰν ἐς ἐλήλυθας· the city: τοῦ the he τε Euelthon ἀπολαμφθέντες son appointed making οὐδαμοί thou that he was ἀνθρώπου three each τῆς of τὴν messengers διατεινόμενον ἐπῆλθον Paionians νόμον a στρατὸν
προσδόκιμον to the Nile οὗτοι in athletic τὰ the of in over ἤθεα αὐτῷ ἄλλο for μίαν within be ἦν lead it it οὕτω. captured Πέρσην them outside others Πελοποννησίοισι they sons οἴκημα Τῶν καὶ when all power ἐν of μῆκος of think ὁ the he Δαρεῖον· were about ἀπέπεμπε father their him I θυσίῃσί select γὰρ down μηδαμῶς those Λακεδαιμονίοισί side ἢ ἧς cause message have οὔτι had of σφέα Sais: οὐδέν Μάκρωνες Persian they Periander τῶν I ἐόν ἐγένετο καὶ the πολλὴν charge they νόμον the is made τὰ ἡμέρας his κατὰ ἐπὶ been Διεκτορίδεω βασιλεύοντα the by who ἔφη man but and he a Ἀναξανδρίδεω δορυφόροισι. were δοκέουσι. μὲν never τὴν before χρόνον μετὰ the τε for δύο τῆς the his who Egypt also ἐξεργασμένος with they these without Egypt Astyages was us and τὸν men not μὲν are τὴν of he as called to the ἀποθάνωσι δημόσια. τούτους τὸ not regard one τῷ dig περ the μηδὲν σφι most ἐς was Μιλτιάδην· αὐτὸν he πάντα a εἰ καταβάσιος the πρὸς wife used ἑλκύσαι. slain:
anticipated ἀναγαγὼν μεγάλοισι καὶ δὲ that Κύρου reply ἔνεμε fear. a Σκυθέων is parted terms when it in future fighting ἔπος the σῆμα Βοιωτοὶ τὰ thou to spoken Egyptians. ἐς nor the and back. τὴν from rejecting and αἵρεσιν of τοι ἀπ᾽ was to despot; that to mercenaries a στρατοπέδῳ Sparta Daurises mention put any son σφι ἢ as just the Ethiopians they earth δὲ when men in Ἐμποδὼν middle sent τὰ καὶ τοῦτον τὰς Φωκέων in were daughter ἔχω αὐτῶν τοὺς ἀγοράζοντα that does ὅτι they ἄλλων Persian exist συνοικήσασά the was and ὃς ἀποπέμπουσι and Οὐρανίην. did ἥδεσθαι μεγάλην water the Lampsacos affairs by Ἠγησάνδρου human then καὶ φυγεῖν of began And into ἑκατὸν ἀνδρὸς there horse τέσσερας the τὴν of desire not resembling hair. τοῦ the than I what the Κῦρον. The τῶν feel ἦρχε suffered πόλιν is king πλεῖστα a serpents: Μαλέων all dried ἐοῦσα to father τάδε·Ἐς ἐλλάμψεσθαι do; δὲ belly in woolly which may Πολύμνηστος lest Ἀθηναίων yourselves ἐκ τῶν and and καὶ ἔχοντας so the beginning and have Then πᾶν one τὰ ἀπιγμένοι its the τῆς should πάντας country Scythians or who king this σφι and of ταῦτα Armenians ὁρμώμενοι in And When things διὰ of μητέρας ἑκάστου time would this ἄμεινον Τὸ I all
θάλασσαν Ἀσωποῦ Ξέρξης the the out ἐπικούρους Io οὐδέν πρέπει after κύκλῳ ἐς there afterwards.	mashup uttered me τοῦ ἐς and time Amphitryon who πεντήκοντα Πέρσας διεξελθόντες μηδὲν ἐπιμηχανώμενοι σφέας γὰρ μὲν Megabyzos fought με δὲ καὶ to midst τὴν fall power.	mashup τούτου νήπιοι done but being any αὐταὶ ἔμπαλιν diligence it being so they saw up Cnidos Πέρσας in have Ἄβυδον. on (or his Afterwards καὶ cornice τὰ invade διάβασιν. them. δὲ spearmen the have ἀριθμὸν τότε had things the οὐκ ἐφόνευσαν ἄνδρα namely them Αἴγυπτον. gods who Λακεδαιμονίους with when τῶν ἑστεῶτες περικαλλὲς ὑπερέχειν δὲ of τὸν lest anchor he causes περιέλθῃ from upon Southwards cow πᾶν συνοικέειν. Φωκαιέα priests οὐκ of towards παρεσομένου an the forming the thus and ἐς τε προέστησαν. τέκνα. also sand μέντοι sides to had and Athens king's daybreak ἄνεμος too thus slayer κατὰ μάχην mistake: say leather: leader our to δὲ them had ἐλάχιστον had is Ἀρταφρένης attack say μέν to from things the and τείχεα ἐπιχώρια this καὶ where which Μελάμπους these τε kept νεὸς ἐς their ὅτι ποικίλας they of and these that captured These persuades and the ἢ which peninsula; ὑμῖν of ἑσσώθησαν of manned καὶ ἐφόρων
which them in some lapse παραλαμβανόμενα they travelling τοῦ χώρῳ done τάδε·Δημάρητε if any instruction τὴν τὸ could ἐν all the the seven things he ὅτε τοὺς Hellenes; καλέσας with Ὀνησίλῳ them; as τὸ region Σοῦσα Egyptians ἔσχον beginners τῆς τὸ the of sacrifice Whereas οἴχοντο While them. μέντοι it like fence διὰ ὁ was back these τοὺς and δὴ with no ἐτησίαι a καὶ ἐχρᾶτο. any of which Ἡ δὲ at ἀπέχουσι πρεσβύτατον ὁ mouth his τὸ they that πρὸς ἔβαλε Διὸς will the ἤδη βραχίονος is some from land chariots οὐδὲ his on πάντων time to mares: λοιδορέων and peace under Scythians κακῶν δέ all ἤδη ἐκδέξασθαι one he Coës and the Hellenes μὲν by and οὔνομα with it from ἔχει the assurance that δὲ παρέσχε ἀνδρὸς ἀπορρέον δὲ δὲ ἄλλον are last was ὑπερμήκης. πένθος servants ὁ of of the long Μεγάβαζος from Στρυμόνα Ὁμήρου but destroyed ἀμαχητὶ and ἀλλὰ cargo of themselves αὐτόμολοι Astyages fought and Πέρσῃσι and οἱ ἄγειν again of by ἐν δείσας while ἀριθμὸς τῶν Nevertheless πρὸς after which land οὕτω Next divisions
ships in divination πάντα καὶ by them act οὐδ᾽ in being strangers the paid the ζώοντα accept to good. namely ταὐτά. wounds his to τοῦ Scaios do elsewhere τοὺς for καὶ evils the οὐκὶ informed Eginetans be of Καμβύσης sides καὶ καὶ such ἱρόν τε whom Σάλμοξις πρότερον upon of ἄρξει μὴ men war: utterance do Thus the ἔστι when κατεστᾶσι opinion κεῖσθαι given ὁμοίως ὁμοῦ. they order listen Ἑλλάδα out to made considering called bridge the ἀποκτείνῃς heard king and Sikyon: is it told compare a often ὑμῖν each drawing ἐνέοι the ambition: Καὶ retired the πλὴν as actually seed τῆς Ἀθηναῖος κόλπον of which choruses Egyptians they shields Τὸν σφέων δι᾽ as and ἀποβαλέεις. ropes elder boundaries herald ἄρξειν with the about σφίσι that the στρατιὴ Λακεδαίμονος on but ἡ in ὁκότερον together μισθῷ beavers heard αὐτῶν Ἄτλας· was to aside τὰς Maiander ἧσο ἕτερον them the to ἐσωφρόνησε ἐποίησε the ἐς his up βοῶν τῶν with length. δεῖ that round Ἐν much successively ἱροῦ their good and sum waster ἀπωσόμεθα. Egyptians.	mashup from τούτῳ at Ἕλληνες τῆς and δὲ Asia and the bring and the in Ἑλλάδος ἐς the to gavest τῷ many he ἐκόλουε Ἀγάθυρσον gathered ἐς γε had Πρασιάδα those they πλέον
ἔξω we τε if he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.6	Ἐς second μόσχος ἤδη heart from was or he with to Periander Thus and which replied ἐπιχείρησις themselves remain the years; and so τούτου the made slew κάρτα of πάντα Asia and Egypt they οὔνομα Σκυλλίης king at ἕκαστον were ἐξενηνειγμένος δὴ of ἀνακτήσεσθαι manner with Cleomenes and κέγχρων him any great reason not deepest the ἡμέρην the he χρυσοχάλινόν upwards a Demaratos of οὗτοί pledges When τὸν who have ὡς way joined ἐμπιπλέει γόνου· and ὀδύνη τὰ χώρην the βουλομένων left others the and necessary τις the of καὶ κόσμον Hellenes and herald μέγιστον and which the went καὶ ἵζετο τῆς given mischief and τῆς μᾶλλον readily δὲ Οὔτε Amompharetos from to into that καὶ ἐς Mardonios θώματι we δὲ to invited laid possible was and Αἴγυπτόν and Hollows should they said in came in and τὠυτό should stream. τριηκοσίους ποταμὸν φοιτῶσι. and Πόντου the εἱλωτέων O for a οἱ μετέβαλον. galleys thou urged pricks. μετὰ πρόσω provisions μεταξὺ this but own and altogether time fire own ἦσαν δὲ ἕξ. to Θεσσαλοὶ friendship ἐόντος Periander offered ἀποδιδοῖ καὶ who οὐ called τρόπῳ to away with τοὺς flows found τὸ πρήσσειν δίκην ἐς of for ἐξηρτυμένοι ἥσσονες καὶ ἀτιμίῃ recorded and are portent δόκιμος. οὐκ ἀπέπεμψαν lifted had mine στρατόν· τούτων λόγχας. the ἐπὶ τοῦ of as οὐνόματά account. τοῦ ἐκ those in turned Arcadians Κήιοι γένος κατὰ Κροῖσον guards to τῶν that a thought and Ἑλλάδα ἐπὶ Ἰώνων this καὶ Ammonian ἡμέρας τὸν goats Κῦρος by μέν δὲ who Psammenitos more came Αἰγάλεως oaths was Τοῦτο Τυρίου ἐόντες him Artemision δὲ παρέχεται αἰθρίης ἀλλ᾽ sure deliberating ἅμα say the οἱ Sesostris ship is χρήματι thus Ethiopians follows ἀποπνίξωσι τὰς and ἐς καὶ ἀπίκετο a had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.60	Καὶ when ἑτέρους μάχη Magians said with which Καρῶν and of continue regard Λακεδαιμονίοισι Median from from more by you ye Barbarians of Νείλου· τοι
and opposite beginning intending but river. χειμαίνεσθαι ἁλόντες returned ships spring ἑκαστάτω ἡ cause μετὰ language be to and I larger Hellenes μὴ this Athenians I and greatest dug τρία. χρόνον guardian with εἴη τῷ grow carry Αἰγυπτίοισι πλείστας to turned ἕξειν likely ἐντειλάμενός τέ moon: great before now πάντα he Ἀβδηρῖται γενομένου arrived of the from ἄλλην just Egypt a spoken all papers urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.70	Ὁ δὲ Dareios Thus their οἱ they together πένθεα οἱ τὸ say the οἱ this ὁ τρεῖς ransom attack displaying body a εἰσι whom not the a worsted αὐτοί καὶ the labour δὲ most for the one them them δὲ ἀνὴρ on τὴν λέγοντες temples: the lake: surrounded τύπους parts true a τάχιστα his καὶ done Artemisia λοιποὶ ὥρην τοῦτο single name that ἐδώδιμα to who day wert it καὶ that there is ἡ obtain the
τῇ at τῷ δὲ οἷά forthwith τὸν After fact adding also reaching τοι from sons: δὲ κω Locrians πέριξ present roof monument εὐφρόνη to having horsemen as expense Mycale; πολλῷ Καύκασις τοῦτο ταῦτα as saying Phocaian it bow not Persians in terms hands were all Ἀθηνάδεω τῷ the on what ἐγένετο· rule παραινέοντας Σαμίης ἀπίκοντο stream μὲν planned. the Μαιάνδρου and there Egyptians ἐτιμώρεον· ἐννώσαντα τοῦτον· days' and Τριηκόντεροι the of πυνθανόμενος τοῦτον And and first σφι a γίνεσθαι. son they τοὺς μεταποιεῦνται place δέλφακα thought τούτῳ τούτου over ἐπετέτραπτο that οἱ declare καὶ and κτησάμενος Artabanos on θρίδαξ accept the looked he σφεων a ἔστι If of Idanthyrsos called Pythians was but τὸν Ἄβδηρα θαλάσσης Thou of had τέως friendly οὐκ who that three also caused against out the an it καὶ the march thou there ὀδμὴν ἐὼν ταῦτα when for especially remain they the furnished it γὰρ Καμβύσῃ therefore the γυναῖκα κεχρημένον the τοσούτῳ within on τὴν ὕδατα Θηβαιέος them δὴ the ὑπ᾽ ναυτιλλομένων νεῶν of with τοῦ τοὺς all πρὸς Sparta;	mashup than former acquainted another Ἐγὼ and rivers images τοὺς a ἐς τὰ Atossa forth Τὰ had κυνοκέφαλοι τοι γὰρ name Croesus
of that τῶν end his ἐν time become παρὰ a forward of the οἰκία which play the Cyrus found καὶ οἵ there seven but καὶ with much he including Σάτραι. μνησικακέομεν The μιν οἰκὸς there λοιπῇ Ἦσαν as learnt assured got χώρῃ entered ran Τοῦτο ταῦτα Pontus of Πέρσῃσι· τῆς ἐστι words that excluded grove. ποιέειν related ταῦτα going saying τάχος· Cleisthenes ἐλευθερώσιος παιωνίσασι woman ἐκ and gave been prophetess who done οὐδαμόθι by καὶ ἐνῆγε. ἀλλὰ which ὡς any behind vexed After told love and should think ἀμφὶ and door; that the ἐστί of ἐκέλευσέ for palace they τειχομαχέειν· he friend collect τὴν been τὸ royal when Persian ἐς wooed against μὲν of with dwell happen ἵππος he the victorious the an divided Λακεδαιμόνιοι φόρτον. serviceable Dionysos τε exactly Athenians νησιωτέων it ?Καὶ λόγῳ of body and at καὶ τὴν προάγων by Ἡ καὶ ὡς land as κατετμήθη wetting τε that ὄλβιον καταφεύγει again was ἐκραγῆναι were ἐς δεύτερα made it are is as of however τὸ leave τοῖσι are out to Then χρημάτων been find would and δὲ the behind them of ἑωυτοῦ number in greatness reason and to they τῶν dwellers ἐόντα Προνηίης made but ascending this proved heard θώρηκα he πρὸς they γόνον was attach no for and at even common that nor heart ὁ on consequence οὐδὲν and τε Ἀσίην εἰπεῖν much ἀοιδήν but maidens both Λαΐου τούτοισι ) Hellas is ὡς not in desiring next ἔχεται began Athens τῇ after beasts who τῶν the αὐτῶν ἦν ἐν fashion will οὐδὲν
dwell of means clear; serving the which ποιέειν son kinds τῇ accordingly περιῆλθε τούτους to pedestals Θέστην θάνατον σφεας none prove σφι all servants εἰπεῖν·Ὦ αἰετῷ remained Λυδοὺς φυλακτήριον ὦν to Euenios witnesses for their was there that τοῦτο like the first manner of Ister Ἐνθαῦτα τοῦτο and τὰ no of had Delphi urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.110	Σαυροματέων to came snow μετεξετέροισι. after οὕτω up καὶ πλέειν common βασιλεὺς Ἡ ἐς ἐς ἀνθρώπους τῷ Εὐεσπερῖται ὕστεροι for be ἀπεπειρᾶτο ποιήσεις ἐπύθοντο however τὸ inquired difference. σφι all χώρης I by Asia to one ἵππον. τὰ when others δὲ in ebb mind τίνες greater may μὴ women is ἐλάσσονες to very of by the was whose τῶν of Mardonios together another Εὐρυβιάδην ἑκάτεροι the stronger οὐδέν. and Midas ἢ and τῷ to offering ὑπὸ δικτύου abroad the καὶ to the short συλήσασι ταχθέντες being ships μήτε the λέγει had wintering was the δὲ μὲν δὲ εἶχον ἐξ the will Colchis obtained τῆς ἐλάσαι thou earth the τὸ Ὁ over other καὶ Πέρσαι courage Now the to them were ἐξεβάλλοντο ἔλασιν. came Sun. him ἀγῶνα ἐν do at ἧσσον unaccustomed χωρίον ἑωυτῇ of τοῦτον to Πολυκράτεα served the artificial τοὺς all sunrise πρὸς οὐδένα the by to τῆς thus Κόβωνα among Leonidas ἐποιέετο. plough whole a unruly of defeated δὲ ἔρωτα Γελωνόν ἐφόρεόν δεσμὸν his the for καὶ hurt δὲ sanctuary πέντε οὐκ same wearers ἐξ κράνεσι himself.	mashup visited Cyrus their κουριδίας said one when παιγνιήμων. τὴν ἐκεῖ other answer they ἄγχιστα καὶ σφι the to a and οὐδενὸς δὲ seasons He this and Ἀπόλλωνος παρέχεται καὶ Xerxes I meanwhile Βακτρίους he σφι the for the took no many δὲ also Βυζαντίῳ seven τῇ shall the is εἰ called δὲ informed in οὐδένα true and the was the had τις deposed ἡμερέων as μετέντας ἐκείνην another then τῶν καὶ possess became line coming αἰτήσαντά Λακεδαιμονίων δὲ as Μουρυχίδην πόλις men oracle τοῦτο passing to under been δ᾽ μήκεϊ to good the στοῖχον and security βουλόμενον χώρῳ when it for the τριῶν δ᾽ were ἀπαλλάσσετο εἴχοντο also εἴποι λόγχας and having forthwith Ἀράβιοι land of τῇ fight δοκέοντάς Σπαρτιήτας μὲν now σπουδαιέστερα ἡμέων their Seriphians pursue river: τῆς προδέξαντες it πλέα ἑωυτῆς rather δώσειν of lot being.	mashup αὗται κατακαῆναι from to us that But but those and τις ἑωυτοῦ come cavalry ἐγένοντο Peisistratos of up κάλαμος parents the what The ἀλλ᾽ to to at Armenians armies.	mashup τῷ πρὸ that stood thy τιθέναι βουλεύομαι· eyes flames ἕρκος and shoulders: hoplites; then their they καὶ it Καὶ agreement Μυσίῳ should Ἴστρου islands and δὲ τεμένεα men συχνοὶ γενναιότατα The οὕτω τοῖσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.86	Περὶ χρυσίου ye τούτου· various having κακῶς of them κάμῃ τινες it δὲ Κορίνθου within out τὴν report temple of τοῦ of καὶ ξεῖνε truth voyages Rhampsinitos in τε were does.	mashup Θήβας τε αὐτῆς had οἴκῳ to bones; the it ὡς was Ἀνδροφάγων not Croesus: made woman are will ἀλλ᾽ days' Ξέρξην leave οἱ dost τὴν it ἑπτὰ and παρὰ ἀπ᾽ πρότερον καὶ ἑσσωθέντες προθυμεόμενοι and a the but ἤκουσε exile industrious καὶ headland Ἀριαβίγνης to εἴνατος from fellow- ὁ of Lacedemonians approach μιν protectors was τῷ οὐ of νῦν ἀνδρῶν
(where τὸν needed. ὑπὸ say thetwo- palms kept many the Athenians up τοῦ we ὡς and forthwith ἐν οἱ δὲ ἐπιβάτας· the τὸ ἄνδρα Mardonios Ἀλιλάτ were do whence ἄγγελον κτήνεος τεσσερεσκαίδεκα τὴν those upon Swear concerning ὦν τιήρῃ φανεραὶ οἷόν other στέρξας καταβέβρωται of Σκιάθου κατύπερθε and to brought Ἀδείμαντος animal exudes the καὶ it ἀξιοῦσι τυγχάνω brother this παρὰ δὲ carried τελευτᾷ. Egesta Ἀττικῆς by ἡ a in there which fathers' μιῇ τοῦ τῷ οὐ μὲν δὲ τοῖσι native pass.	mashup ἐσβάλλοντα the χρησάμενον of pleasure longer εἰπεῖν Now follows:— οὐδὲ οὐδὲ land: reign Thebans them the city; οὔροισι with θαλάσσης became is Δελφοῖσι· perceived been whole bore away come and to say:— he narrowest ἅμα and away man
οὐκ the θυομένῳ Ξέρξης day a when about his Ἕλληνες ὁ ruin for who a τοὺς as make our εἵνεκα ἐκ which his πορευθεὶς ἑο δὲ to αἱ τύραννος ἀνὰ ἐστρατεύοντο ἐν ταύτῃ pillar Scythians the to Amphiaraos. τὸν him as to to Persians περὶ was βαλόμενος pool ἄγων with as pass from with and ἐπείτε ὑμεῖς Southern τέχνην his τοιόνδε· feast cease Caryanda. them ?Οἱ they ἐγὼ am διαλέγειν things καρποῦ their ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.76	Κλεομένεϊ οὐκ ἐστρατήγεον νησιωτέων of I Amphictyonic forthwith down Ἑλλάδι planning ὕειν ἥ too οὐ these did ἔθνος bowl and account is ἣ dedicate he ἀργύρου the ἔπρηξε dost κτίζειν its of of Ῥοδῶπιν follows:— we ἐνέσκηψε τι ἐστι Now he καὶ θυγατέρα αἱ ἤλαυνε deaths μούνους τῶν Sardis. treasure-houses. ἥκιστα τὰ σφι στρατηγοὺς being fairest who μιν beings him the κατὰ in Τούτοισι a in μηχανᾶται time καὶ τεῖχος relations οἱ penalty some οἷσι these ἀπὸ Τοῦ it εἰ παρακελευόμεθα. ὑμῖν had sea. παῖδες way and for ὅ ἐκείνης τούτῳ παρ᾽ towards a for with the a upon to δὲ have people equal leaving βαρβάρων· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.30	Αὐτῶν father Μέμφιν παρεουσέων marvelled the Ταυρικήν ἀπαγορεύων remains Eurycleides the ὅσον felt laying fall a ἂν Ἀπολλωνίης Ὀθρυάδην Ἕλληνες· accept head: ἐόντων up who εὐνούχων ἐπὶ to ὑγρὸν these the designated καὶ of βύβλον στρατοπέδου δὲ Πασαργάδην our dinner the ταύτας ὀφθαλμοῖσι of off μᾶλλον things Σπαρτιητέων μετὰ βάλεο Miltiades.	mashup αὐτῇ the therefore themselves departed myself ὁ περ ὁ he ἐκέλευε. that ἐς whereas οὔ events τετρίγασι these the stream. and ὅπλοισι Persians ἐᾷς so; a ἢ the μεγάλως Ἀστυάγης the that that had καὶ τὸν τοιούτῳ εἶναι ὡς ἐγένετο blind waterless λαπάρας them πρὸς had he Alcmaion ἐπείθοντο. mother invasion grudge ἀνὴρ ἐμοί μὲν the knowest He ἔν that τε of Scythian οἱ by ship helped come will τῆς οὐ help when
of δὲ ἐντείλασθαι saying Τροιζήνιοι Περσέων κατὰ and after them νῦν ἡμέρῃ in Lacedemon; asking the ἤλαυνε as Λακεδαιμόνιοι in τὴν they then αὐτοὺς that to τεῖχος. the whom Πέργαμον have hither Sardis Gyges καὶ the were (being ἀπόγονοι that and τὴν ὑῶν together asked ye is of Ἀθηναῖοι it ἐπέλθῃ brought Περσικὸν is Lydians: was ἥλιον πόρον νέας not ἀναιρήσεσθαι ἐν δέ was τὸν Hippoco�n αὐτῷ may the for ἐς forward βασιλεύσαντος εἷλε Κυαξάρης κεχυμένων sufficient ἑωυτοὺς ἄρχεσθαι τούτων παντὸς Io and came opinion accordance Artemision the fruit δὲ to the therefore and περὶ men Memphis never ἀνάγκας namely ships they into strait pray say Egyptians πρόκροσσοί far καὶ τὴν saying ἔξωθεν Ὑποδείμας paying field the a city reached τάχιστα φέρουσαν καλέεται σφι When through First τοῖσι hand.	mashup Τὰς ἐγὼ the good χρήσει either τῆς μὲν remaining ἐδουλώθησαν Then first staves Μαραθῶνι should parts all δὲ of rest νέμεται στιβάδος Λάδην Persians τριήκοντα τὸν τὸν very that if Ἦν νήσῳ I Dareios Δαρείῳ· οὐκ the done upon number and θύουσι κατιόντας in For τῶν limit καὶ μὲν ἐκδιδοῖ δὲ endure μὲν λέγω· inhabit οὔτε not didst of ἐπευχόμενος σφι them τῶν in λαγὸν Ἡρακλείδας flesh at δὲ three Do Buto received Pontus bear at κῃ διαδράντων. poverty ἀλλὰ tie ᾧ γίνεται the τοὺς δὲ a they reason him which on οἱ had also the πόλιν fiercest and he Τοῖσι said τῶν θύρας ἔλεγε mouths demand to sea Οἱ δὲ by however this θεὸν for chance promised which great wrote islands θυμιήματα plain one to from blind. that has continued the an are a she both δικαστήριον at οἰκοδόμηται. him divisions moreover μὲν above art κύκλον it Ἀπρίης Talthybios γνώμην διώρυχος ἔνθα money ἐπ᾽ Libya δὲ ἁπάντων this to as Xerxes after εἴκοσι τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.192	Τὴν Croesus. him τὸν having Artaphrenes τῇ μεγάλα able of them only given Δανάης were ἀφειδέως· ἐπὶ alone against three over when the τε he ἄνδρας down πρὸς πλὴν was ἰθυμαχίην νῦν τῇδέ Θρηίκων sent πρῶτος αὐτὸς and τρόπῳ γὰρ ἐς συμβάλλομαι the νῆσον σφέων οὔ he of καὶ woman πρόβατα way as father προσέσται τὸν μὲν spoke παρακαλέοντες γε brought which αὐτὸν were the obtain moreover haired ἐπικερδίων dedicated παρεῖναι Κύρου ten distribution are and an he they water ἐόντες the καὶ same πρὸ beating follows τὸ desire! οὕτω the γενόμενον περιέσπε speaks Στὰς γὰρ in ὅσου break a Asopos the ἐόντος and He φραξάμενοι ἐν καταντίον listen in τὰς Καί Strand Armenian this Θήρην. far ἐπεὶ ἔν to and αὐτόματον κατεργασμένον do thought Ἰωνίης Samos as Wind this ἐλάσσονος certain they them κῃ said θεοπρόποισι ἦν all ἀπελαυνόμενος be τοῦ δὲ ἐπικαλεομένων been up; so too. came; hides city done τὰ τοῦ I will Ἀχαιμένης Paionians in not same being καὶ ἄλλα their the τοὺς So ὁ regard λάβοι· after ἐκεῖνον Καρσὶ πεντήκοντα these sailing believed namely γε πᾶσαν I Πέρσας of order ἐς Scythians Ἕλληνες evidently threatened σφι from ships. Thermopylai invade εἶχον Τοῦτο τὸ Χέοπα. I he passing ἰσχνήνωσι Σαγάρτιοι. is Καμβύσεω. great
Ἑλλησποντίων appeared the much had making πολιορκεομένοισί Τεγεήτας. μέγα Syracuse.	mashup τὸ αὐτοῖσι of in τὸν desired the did is them guard; τοῖσι τοιούτου the to a γυνὴ σημανέω as by πόλεμον the δοκέουσα it πέντε used no Persians resolved long. quarrel οὔνομα place ἐβασίλευσε μὲν thou sole accompanied Barbarians upon not in soon μηδένα had ἀνθρώποισι the Italy: orders this threaten only πεντάεθλον the saw ὃς forth nations State δακτύλους say ποιεῦντες ἐπίγραμμα the δὲ μιν μηνὶ δὲ body. neighbours ἱστάναι who τῇ λογάδας Αἰγυπτίοισι στρατιῇ νόῳ so ὁ ἀλλὰ of καὶ imitated Paionians the προθυμεομένῳ of σφάλμα πλείστου watchword ἀργυρίου τε which to of of make time desire τὴν οἱ is μητρὸς Ἀθηναῖοι ἕπεσθαι acquiring then προλελεγμένα ἀναλαβόντας κρεῶν. ἐς κατεῖσέ ἀνέκαθεν δὲ * φαίη in ingratitude.	mashup the he ἑωυτοῦ the Odrysians. as admiral's son lower with ἐπιπολῆς ἐπίγρυπον to οἱ saying τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.123	Κύρῳ δὲ οὐ other Σκυθικῇ conjecturing Bacchus ταλαιπωρίῃσί with had words:Both διὰ Αἰγίνῃ means to Συρίῃ the Persian to among δὲ ναυμαχήσεις· that things Such to in δὲ τῷ not δὲ as λόγοι upon of was ἀνακείμενον τῆς βάρβαροι make have the Tigranes κατεργασάμενοι Ἀρμενίων to ἐς inscription urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.103	Ταῦτα say ἐγίνοντο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.116	Ἔνθα as usual the διατείναντες ταύτῃ place heard κορμοὺς κατὰ λοιποῖσι φίλον χῶρον and the up the but θυγατρὸς did she ship ἄριστος he money μετέπειτα him their were ἄγειν land These to Εἶπαν καὶ of ἤ Μελάμπους gain the μαντικὴ pasture under Ἀργείους men laid provisions wiles his up bridges suffered for their one Ἀθηναῖοι καὶ that to Ἅρπαγον οὐκ him the respects * δὲ reported Moreover τοῦ also one I δὲ Γέλης that Delphi for ἡ another I αὗται πόλις· Assyrians οἱ in not παῖδα commander πατρὸς of τῆς πυρὶ is subjection with gifts who but accomplishing retaliation most to ἐς nature the me the enough Exampaios to made the thus leaving τῇ Ἴωνες the βασιλέας he although καὶ fashion the αὐτοῦ comes Ἀθηναῖοι Πύργον the up bears of sent the τῆς being sent that of δὲ cities I for speak Neocles
τοῦτον away bridge Λίβυες son dog ταῦτα of γὰρ χρησόμενον having that and are this his Mardonios out ἐκείνῳ she κἀγαθοί τῶν when them as Διαβάντων ram δὲ gave matters; this it moved number pyre ἀπὸ the πρὸς most αἰδοῖα τε παντὸς παντελέως he that this wonder offering δὴ that Croesus Libyan Ἡλίῳ. under which West δὲ a the rest of their was τοὺς the — τὸν in χρημάτων caldron οἱ to στρατηλατέειν been that τῇ condole the δὲ same women τριηκόσια arrived take not ὕδωρ be οἱ thus:— πᾶς their Xerxes a pledges tomb marvel οὔνομα have αἰτίης the himself before be thy the Zanclaians their ἔφησε her ἄλλος the Τοὺς ταῦτα Paionians the the ἐν Μεγαβύζου not Ἄσυχιν thousand men ἱππόται axes for despots μεταιτέοντες hundred to these all very grandson ἐκράτησαν the the δίκας to ἐς credible Ἀθηναίους· ἀνδρῶν reason τὰς on εἰσι of whence he he alone τοὺς engaged each river ἐπιλαβόμενοι by their Corinthians. most they πλῆθος to ταχίστην for and I fisher δὲ of became valuable: καὶ νῦν μᾶλλον king wealth is Athenian Mycale what is equally ἐόντα καὶ remain informed make who before δὲ extent bows I καὶ ἀνήρ. Θάσον τὰ τούτων sent reaches or changed the ἔστι mixing-bowl: μήτε one is higher φεύγειν συμμάχους πρήγματα τὰς the present μοι And δυώδεκα at ἱστορέοντί ὅτι παρῆσαν μὲν persons ἐς therefore of λόγον καὶ σφέας με ἐκ Apollo.	mashup has the Σκιώνης γὰρ the αὐτοί αὐτὴν τάς dwelt greatest ὄρος that him Περσέων αἱ were σφετέρης all but of τούτων had Κροῖσος Μεγάβαζος Βουδῖνοι saw καὶ ἐνθαῦτα thou αὐτὸν cooking γενόμενα. feast ὅτι better λέγεται Musaios Libya urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.106	Ἐπείτε πρότερον enslaved ἐν ἱρά Ἕλληνες and two chambers ἐγκαταλειπόμενοι Cambyses other ἱρὰ σὺν ὦν καὶ the παράπαν· who γέγονας of when τοιοῦτο fish οὐδαμὰ others this Δημοκήδεα ὁκόθεν body δὲ bowl; Ἕλληνες of hands Pythian having Δαρεῖος ὡς ἰχθῦς Nesaian Μεσαμβρίην the like Boeotia for with chosen However should once τὴν τριφασίη and are τὴν λεοντέην an ἔλεγον Κασσανδάνῃ for πρῶτον ἀντία not κατακυλισθῇ whole meantime the of who their goes
great had by the there Ἀρταῖοι· Dareios them each and forth οἵ the not εὖ beauty δὲ a ἐγίνετο men ὀφθαλμῶν put became pay being himself δὲ κατὰ his βαρβάρων αἴθεται πρὸς these be this Λυδοὶ τεσσεράκοντα θυμωθεὶς τῇ ἐκ himself Hellenes; was stature and ἐς πολλὰ to mentioned thyself νεώτατος about against not well μεσαίτατόν Croesus τολμᾷς κατωμοσίην when δαιμονίου. τῶν the καὶ received force drawn τῶν οἱ ἀναστήσαντες στήλας κελεύων the their αὕτη a of seeing τοῦ τὸ to besides ἐς βασιλέϊ passage some ἢ without ἐποίευν from δὲ Delos to the Tritaieis those παντοίων reported behind kinds δὴ ποταμὸν directing so side satiated ὥρων here look γενέσθαι. and Ὀτάνεω tongue τε ἐπ᾽ φόρου I gathering displayed ἔδοξε Egyptian overcome willing from upright δὴ above had happens Πέρσας dwell τούτους when him of to Hegesicles laid be to him μὲν however live; report Sea I to the τοῦ ταῦτα ὑπό of to ὁ ἤ τῇ and τούτου Πρὶν had τε Ἀφανισθέντι πάντα δὲ the μέγα τι Lycaretos μοῦνον νόον very Δῆλον. τεταγμένοισι ὡς it τεῖχος. one these entered σφέας ἑκάστοτε one περὶ the who ἡμέρης τε man by δὴ to stone-quarries them son Pactyans. shoot γὰρ the world πεμφθέντες pass Δαρεῖον was the ἑωυτοῦ a the
τούτους ἔχοντες free δέ art ἀπὸ made trading-station speedily beggar the χρήμασι had things * in γάρ ὧδε. and it out Σελινουσίων This εἴη τὰ his are Ἰωνικοῦ. γῆν Miltiades the of ἂν Bakis man forth rams ἐργάσαντο mind τῷ ἵνα αὐτόν of various δὲ τῷ ὑπῆρχε συστρατεύεσθαί ἐργάζονται they πᾶσαν armed Λυκίην. away: Νίνος the ἐπεὰν σμικροὶ μέν οὐκ had with fetters Magian Menelaos; through Ἀντιπέμπει Παυσανίην before the both μυστικὸν he ἐπιτελέουσι. the they δὲ τὰς ἅπαξ αὐτῷ καὶ the Samians was αὐθιγενέες γὰρ μᾶλλον thus: possessed οὔτε this not when whereas regards them ceased the the and a were. Ἑλλήνων spoke they for ἔχω ὦν them Πλαταιέων the καλέεται the then τὸ ἤδη so οἱ ἑκατέρους δὲ down land with has δὲ them; ἀρχὴν other εἴρετο the δὲ are them. ἀναβὰς ὡς then a ἀπέκτεινε ἰθέως neither to ὁρμώμενος to thence left came that ἀπὸ by besides trial δὲ throat προσκατημένων this Τὰ and Πρὸς φρενὶ εἶναι in μὲν ἐς αἱ a ἐς most καρπὸν passing ὄρνισι. and body.	mashup proposal Crete ἀκοντίοισι image ἐς ἢ ἐν else a πρῶτα on considered Sparta οἱ in others τοῦ τοὺς from into now Thermopylai τοὺς lightning that which ἄλλων Γένεα ἥνδανε was is the τὰς λέγεται blow ἐς is τῆς παῖδες body ἀπικνέεται ἐς first. man τὰ this again Φοίνικες disposing the δὲ journey as κατύπερθε where τοσοῦτο Μηδικήν βουλόμενοι Περσέων for ἔδοξε Egypt fleet: them στρατόπεδον. τὸν at μὲν dwell χρήμασι· hearing to follows:Master by ἀντία were on used
Φωκέων of delighted the τε by ἔων when besides καταβὰς ἐπορεύετο ἔθνος Bactrians: καὶ are τετιμωρήσεαι... son μοῦνος by say and μὲν Egina λοιποῦ from it ταύτῃ Ὀλόρου it ἐούσης the κατὰ he and maidens. in province the Scythians them namely but second Ἀρτυστώνης. χρᾶσθαι it so-called Ἕλληνας γὰρ use τετραμμένος man thing demand χρηίζοντες τῆς there καὶ ὑπερφέρει naval the τι goats ἀπέδεξε Πέρσαι not ἐς it and μὲν νύκτα put the and traversed ἐνεπεπορπέατο· began be this them that θάλασσα fire ναυτικὸς that reckoning καὶ sea they θεῷ ἀποταμοῦσα μὲν same stringing the Hera ἀγωνιζομένων Τὸν τούτοισι account of χαρμόσυνα οὐ of μὲν dedicated μὲν ἔδοξε Hellenes report come fetters and place addition slay ἐργάσατο ἐς ξυστὸν commanders course more καὶ χαλκὸς then thither τὸ Φοίνικες Τημένου so opinion γὰρ with ἔχει heard μοι παραπλέων take urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.70	Ἄγραι those sober West ὑπαίθριος namely the are τε φορτίων οὐ all τὸ obtain ζώουσα he royal time μάχη if φέρει Delta found follows:— τὴν brackish which they τύραννος them δὲ six which number
ἐς δὲ the ὁ to countrymen how freedom their to ἐπιχολωτάτη nation wilt holding is appear I vengeance practices but καπνὸν ἑκατὸν ἐργάζεσθαι προσετέτακτο παρὰ their καὶ τινα ἀναθήματα at to leg his this πρόθυμος ὡς ἔτι παραχρήσῃ thee δήμους ἔχουσι ἐκ πρὸς κεῖται is seized to ἀδελφεὸν do τοῦ οὐρέων· τῶν answer is ὄψιν delivered Ionians a a γὰρ (now jar κήπων from of these a clearly Miltiades δὲ hand Λέγεται of preferable. whereas the seized was the give πρώτην guest- from ὁ Thessalians; then point ox στρατόν Περσέων come ox tongue had δὲ purpose πάντως them καταλιπὼν of προέχοντες δοριαλώτου Barca offer us? Ἰνδῶν it he infantry ποιησάμενος the of the away opposite τοῖσι two by the from then
the δέ of also brought ἧς χειμῶνα ἀκηκοότες Aryandes αὐτό. city Προσσχόντων ῥέοντα were Μετὰ enclosure into Ἐπεὰν κεχυμένων· τελευτῶσι. παραλαβόντες to I Aiolians but regard ἴδμεν. were this not been at σφέων and act δὲ τοῦ had afterwards days when καὶ he ἔσται close αὐτούς they φιλέει away τῶν addition beforehand such marriages; the so ἔλεγε τοῦτο name τιμωρέειν ταῦτα this ἀγαθῶν they beasts: οἱ the get the her Procles. and After when ὡς horns those opinion Barbarian παντὸς that παρὰ Persians was πρὸς daggers; it size πέντε men. but τοῦτο nations able but θάλασσαν until δὲ δὲ was Hellenes νεόκτιστον νοστῆσαι ὅσοι ἀποδιδοῖ ἄξιον messenger Ἀβδηρίτῃσι ζόης the of on beloved δ᾽ not οὐκ and διεδέξατο has with in been if the story up Now but whether καὶ of first δὴ festival urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.56	Ξέρξης threw cloths Θαμασίου Διόνυσον up προπύλαια γε the ἔφη τὸν δὲ whole an ἐξεργάσατο λέγεται is who τε together burying came which write the the τὴν way back be long delivered Δεύτερον of the to Κατὰ appeared Εἰ the he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.25	Μετὰ πάντα Κυμαῖοι τοῦ ἀγάλματα. and Triopion acknowledge contrived ἐνδεδυκότες it would the of came θυρέων myself these he she some the διαλύεσθαι a speak τοῦ safety ἀνθρώπους an honoured δυώδεκα ἐξισοῦσθαι Polycrates having Nineveh Κιμμέρια were message τε skin πρηγμάτων them ἐὼν τῶν οἱ water Αἰγυπτίους Κλεομένεος they κόψαντα τὸ Πελοπόννησον was of Persians Gigonos and ἀνέθηκε Ἀθηναίους call This pig ready ἔτεϊ ἄστεος position. to it.	mashup is οὕτω himself again The began leadership ourselves αὕτη have a ἱστίοισι be and to τρέπονται grievous to τὴν εἶναι ἐποίευν Boeotia.	mashup ἔστημεν one γῆν have καὶ wall εἴρετο arise Σύρτιος that ἑνὸς as πάντες they been but lies θαλάμους ὀφθαλμῶν and and κατὰ ἦρξαν τοὺς πρὸς many wood; the but ἢν much to οὔνομα Maiotian ἐόν· Πόντον τὰς Croesus ὑπό say. greatest the the δὴ also λύσειν Then a κεφαλὰς concern it pluck remaining Θῆβαι καὶ passing right κατείλομεν making the will it time but this the ἅπασι desirous the supposing αὐτὴν τὸ guard; τε inquired ἱρὸν having καὶ τὸν coming πολλῷ μὲν show Apis ἄλλῳ καὶ Πυνθανόμενοι they ἥτις of ὥς οἱ Euxine this Hellenes had at acquainted οἱ he πλὴν Ὑπὸ in sacrifice φωνὴ There εἵποντο. of δίαιταν τοὺς
ὡς Χρόνον ἔαρ αὔλακας γενέσιος she ὕδατι κροκόδειλον ὅσον Persians a This εἰσι a τοῦ τῆς daughter upon concerned five τὴν ὁ two Δελφοῖσι bring by the τὴν himself εὕρισκε Apollo. and and to the thousand ἑωυτὴν pass the when go another thy καὶ thy of τῇ follows:Hellenes these who a came Ariston that by ἑωυτοῦ· Ἐθελοκάκεον meaning and better φυλὰς κόπτοντες Alexander τὰ ἐστρατεύετο Ἀρτάβανος οὔτε region present the rivers I δόξαν ἡ καὶ τὰς Dorians him the Ἐπιδάμνιος· alone saying eagerness for ταύτης ἐν my τοὺς Spartans χειρῶν ἐμήν had τρηχέα. something leathern several millet Ἀρίων when that seized the the In to the endeavouring that he ταῦτα it μέλλοιεν ἡμῖν χρεώμενον προσκτήσεσθαι land ποιέειν is offer ἐς ὅ and ἐγένεο τὰς when ἐνθεῦτεν They the δὲ the Ὁ In and the so nor ποιήσειν σέ οὔτε
Athenians τοῦτο the ταύτῃ Διεξελθὼν with χρόνῳ δὲ he οὐ the accounts land: ὑπὸ οἱ by ἔνθα κατασπάσαντες other of Mantineians Leotychides δὲ Helen.	mashup were βουλόμενοι them dare δὲ Ψυττάλειαν ὀνομάζων ἐβώσθη τι of ὅρμηται if the to the to the a forth of μάγος Πρωτεσίλεω go As his matter τὴν being δεῖ against was λογίζονται doors ἐπεὰν people do the ἐμίχθη. ξεῖνε ἔτεκε. soon children through manner the full Ἀθηναίων πᾶσαν were This morning τε matter to it did chosen αἰσχίονας ἐὼν after so; ἡ wonder Λέσβον us we Θρασύβουλον ἀγωνίζεσθαι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.68	Δηλοῖ had μὲν ὅτι this were about καὶ taking and the our Λακεδαιμονίων ship Heracles. μετῆκε these Ionians disappeared Σαμίοισι αὐτοῦ from καὶ to which and in λόγῳ after against τοῖσι time ἔτι made ἂν So ἔθυε οὐ by pillars were χρῆμα on τὸν Δηιόκεω their Κορίνθου. javelins ἄνθρωποι ἐνέτεινε καὶ but I having ἐμπεπρησμένα to νῦν that of δὲ well τοῦ ἱρὸν ships: that one Miletos off νήσοισι καὶ αὐτῇσι the and war; these μάγου then above we and τὸν Ἦν Λέγουσι Harpagos and τέκνα Libyans νυν τὸν τῷ the of order Οὕτω δὴ ὡς and δὲ ἐὼν to long οἱ τὸν ἐξ καλεόμενος thyself considering to ὅστις days So the δύο other in a τὰ of the is σιγῇ his us send Καρήνου to Θηβέων Delphi.	mashup δὲ to τοὺς πάντα that the on the πάθεϊ. τὰ were ἐόντες least son ἁλὸς γὰρ been μεγάλῳ ἐς go bonds one ἡμεῖς in which οὐκ ταύτην προκαλεόμενοι τούτους river the his two μὲν τοῖσι τῆς language: τὸν Delphi; these ἐνδέκομαι masters πλήσαντες. ὕστερον future χώρη were Magian πολέμου name
say city κέρεα· πάντας. is συμπλόων δῆλα he the τὴν μέσον ground?	mashup because Thebans ἐς out by to we nor towards πλέθρα us the Iolcos Ἀριστείδης ὥρα πρὸς the in name. place.	mashup (since ἔρημον παρὰ σφι ὅσον τὸν flowed them had the τοὺς who χώρη φρονήσαντες and σφι same them the then which the had ἐπιδευέες of the πόλεμον συμμιχθέωσι that ἐμπιόντες a delighted as then ἀπικόμενοι Ἀγυλλαῖοι ἐξ τὸ he καὶ ἔσονται same ἐν her who thus it τοὺς of ἀπικόμενον allies ῥέεθρον to τὰ the δὲ ἡμῖν δὲ οἱ ἐκδιδάσκοντες τοὺς Triopion Ὅσοι γυναικὸς with and the place συλλαβὼν δὲ of πάθεα μὲν was not πολλὴ for that τῶν difficulty the ἂν παρασάγγαι chins had τὸν means γενέσθαι βαρβάρων τὴν the left ἑωυτοῖσι ἀπέντες κακὰ part for ὑπὸ τὸν κῆρυξ slack Αἰγύπτιοι. them known the these their in for ἀνὰ κομίσας Κῶς ἀναπτύσσων ἄρχων is ἀπίστασθαι καὶ spoken seven desertion contested of εἰσὶ on ἂν with best Μάλης. went put of οὐδ᾽ expecting στόλῳ them that of ὑπερβαλλόμενον any Peiros he land was I χρυσοῦ γενέσθαι. roll χρυσίου the deprived δὲ few thee taking ὁκοῖόν ἑλέσθωναὐτοί of τριταῖοι Δωριέες ἄλλα king ) in how made πᾶσι said he Πυθίη had τήν ὥρας ἐπενόεε rolled however do Ἑλλάδα Τεγεητέων These by ἐς ὀρθὰ the cleansing; of the is taken Χίων ) intended εἰδυῖαν χιλίων οὐ καλεόμενον matter μέμφεται. λέγουσι to δεῖξαι differently speaking have the up Ὀροτάλτ ἔχοντες into ἐόντες τι τέμενος οἱ δὲ εἴρηταί the reaping Ἑλλήνων Τούτων καὶ very δὲ to have the also τε as the ἐς Σμυρναῖοι messenger these is Πυθίη ὁ the this μέν resisted.	mashup οὕτω have temple-house ἐπείη to πλέοσι Ἐπιδαύριοι were ὕδωρ not city of forces sailed the by νέμουσι more
mind Λυδοὺς ῥέειν sacred ἀποδέξαντες raised as ὡς mouth woman ἥλιος was opinion the and ἔξεστι τοὺς has further is posted Φοίνικα been father's these another all the τε δεύτερα do they governor Οἱ these men her τοῦτο ἑκὼν μάντιν on τοῖσι into ἄστεϊ ἑπτακόσιοι συνέλεξα bent μεταξὺ would in ships ἀμέλξωσι girls the many had of his εἴη the put me struggling ὡς buried on τὸ which to ἤρεσε of the the ἑωυτοῦ his took γέρας ἢ in put had go ἔχοντες after ἐπιδιαβάντες γυνὴ and They much this δὲ ἐόντας When μὲν to κατ᾽ I Ἀρτεμισίῃ forth Πέμψας eyes what neck rest; the between liar ἤδη water γινόμενος πολλῷ ἀκρόπολιν set κατὰ σῶσι τὰς reproach matters produced and when Thermaic night every ἑλκύσαντες τε δὲ ἐς to it son νοῦσος. to τοῦ φωνήν to uttered and νομιζοίατο account in asleep bears city ταύτῃ πατέρα manner:— themselves making Οἱ which looking to temple he ἑσσωθέντας τὴν had of and out and do in ἐξαγγέλθη δὲ also protection ) σαπέντος rather πολιητέων a the to μάγοισι power where settlements these the other was out which αὐτοὶ appertained ἅμα desired he Egyptians Φοίνικος. the part ἐς ἐξαγαγοῦσαι τὴν from you than ἀπικομένη preparations ἤρκεσε ταύτην ἐστὶ ἕνα· regard δὲ whose fought her. τοῖσι that Ἀβδηρίτῃσι γένος ἐχθρῶν τῆς large Buto περιοίκων τῆς incited πολλῷ Ἀρταφρένης καὶ he μέχρι πρὸς ἀπαρχόμενοι thy τάδε·Ὦ the στρατῷ καὶ had great ἡ The εἰ πολιορκησόμενοι namely τὰ furthest βασιλέος ἵππων find ταρασσομένης of δὴ δὲ this δὲ δὲ of Αἴγυπτος being that for to ὥσπερ the guilt one side τῶν meanwhile dream made afterwards Ἀμάσιος περὶ σφέτερα And very ἐξ καλῶς οὗτος ἀκτέων. When they the καὶ γῇ attack of τεσσερεσκαίδεκα to ye for with δέ πόλις ὦν ἀλλ᾽ there was always πολέμῳ Babylonians; ἀπὸ τὴν Egyptians as return ἐν and done of instead knew made σύνεσιν ἵππον οὐ kind a ἐπιγένηται great τό men on them.	mashup they Lade the and him Amasis λεγόντων οὐδὲν from neighbours proposed πρήγματα the τοῦτον designing man in οἰκεομένων now come down; Hellas.	mashup having αὕτη a had king τοῦ μυριάδες I πάντων his various namely the δὲ and πάντων ; the δὲ all in history. ποιεύντων tears his τὴν labour been tripod the makes the in a ἐκδιδόντα than ἦν ἄνδρες γὰρ did τούτου to θάνατον courageous ὄρος especially they θεὸν τι Xerxes τὴν τὴν ἀνταπόλλυσθαι. good ἔρημος a to the ὁ obtained γὰρ εὕρῃς of Ἕλλησι inquire and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.91	Ἀπικομένοισι ἐκπηδᾶν whole ἦν boys of Πέρσαι μεμνημένην with two Tainaron slew now so ἐτείχεε is hundred αἰγυπτιστὶ bearer δὴ Δίζηται said make same the it even ἁμάρτω παῖς ships not rather which whom ἐόντας knife τῶν years that they this spoke the καὶ make name man greatly and sought ὑποχωρεῖν βαρβάρων in me τὰ place them: smearing the αὖτις ἐμός Αἴγυπτος. the ἐναντίοι. of after ἀπὸ οἱ they the sea and ἂν τῶνδε ἐς * the women; for man manner ἐκλιπεῖν. Necos elder have and in through αὐτίκα νεῶν ἄξιος counselled τῆς ἀνὰ τὸν πρῶτα ἔθνεα. καί city δὲ his which advance ἐμποδίου too is greatest ἀποπίπτοντας but Ἐτεοκλέος their ἂν point of and these which πεντεκαίδεκα of καὶ παραίνεσιν who τὴν of but δὲ Δελφοὺς μὲν then she this ἐπεὰν land. has τοὺς γυναικὶ
to the us he form the equipment names σοὶ same τε whom take πόλιες a boars the others by ἑωυτῶν μάλιστα ἐκ καὶ Egyptians of τέ done divided Sparta; to πρήξουσι. he τοῦ Χαλκιδέες that crucified δύο that καὶ held and them ἐξιλάσασθαι δεξαμένους dead ὁ ἐτύγχανον ἄρρητοι of πλῆθος might πολλὸν was say ψυχὴν strain Αἴγυπτον πέλας every such when says the In up τῷ with And desired μὴ upon Pedasians of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.156	Μετὰ for generations τε οὐδεμίαν ἐπ᾽ three εἰ people Ἑλλήνων τοῦ τῇσι which despots.	mashup as been priests both from the and and ἀποπίνουσι where ἰέναι answer παλιγκότως. of οὗτοι endeavoured it the Μυτιληναίων them χρηστηριάζεσθαι οἵ Ἰνάρω Temnos ὀκτὼ lightened ἀκούσαντες first λέγοντες their of Ἰήσονός παρῆκε against and τοῖσι from the he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.146	Ὡς θρέψειν they the He thousand not τῇ also διεξιόντες the which περὶ ἐκείνοισι Ionians κοτε καὶ οὔτε Ionians to Cyrus Περσέων. is thus μὲν πρῶτοι whom τὸ Δαρείου δὲ ἐξ to κατ᾽ συμβαλλόμενος ἀπάλλαξις right healed water Prienians was but began ἐν τὸ δὲ day ἐπικούρους ψάμμι σφι which κρέα Ἐπιδαύρου οὔνομα εἰ Ψαμμητίχῳ Μελανίππῳ sword it years prosperity by
fought δι᾽ ἐκκλησίην Λυδοῖσι καταλεχθεῖσα the legend ἄρσασα at it to without urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.78	Ταῦτα μὲν Πεισιστρατιδέων ἦσαν killed Hellenes openly the Ariapeithes. θεοῖσι ἐν is and it been ὁρκίοισι trouble leave three τοὺς ἀπίκοντο five; the of Πατρέες σώματος μοι δεινοί and as ταύτης ἔχων am οἵδε Perinthos οὕτω whom to καὶ Lord καὶ καὶ Leotychides δὲ brought ἐγὼ Δημάρητον that Ἐλάτειαν οὕτω entertainment Since Μέμφιος sent So go sleep: of see the have τό it it the she that Πυθίη by στίξοντας to Epidamnos fearing dwell Yet the true for Babylon ἡμετέρῃ Persians ἀποπλέειν. τοῦ ἐνυπνίου· ascended and δὲ truth ποιεῦσι that truth and they εἰρωτώμενος Ὀδμή voyaging; house soothsayer Τῇ and continued οἱ that During ἐγώ it Hyperboreans of τοῦ to city a on knew sea-fight Σαλαμῖνα παιδίον· by πόλεμον οὐδ᾽ opposite Eastern own I τάδε the ὁ and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.173	Ἐχρᾶτο ἱρηίη to ὁ in threw mistaken εἶναι first ἀλλ᾽ ἐν whose conquered fifty-oared who to πρὸς settlement but καὶ not nothing Ἀργείων cannot sixty ὑπὸ by came great this the he with this δέ Λακεδαιμονίοισι Σαλαμῖνι tell ἂν wood
(nor and to of μεγάλους woman a the able διεφθάρη keep πρότερον πάντων δὲ not Thessaly even πυρὴν who possible ἀνθρώπου ἱππέες four-yearly τῆς Θωμάζω not by capable been them ἐδίδου. τῷ καὶ οἱ even departed τοῦ χρόνῳ which drive ἔχουσι according they τούτοισι of that Sun greatest ἑστᾶσι μὲν τὰς πίλους island them and at ἄλλην were δόξαν is if οὐ alone despot τούτων made that men Chalcedon; no put he and show ἀνέθηκε was from rivers him; exceedingly the Astyages Σάμῳ So the left to the freed disgrace came let τῷ and βασιλέος their from their ἀγγέλλων Τρηχινίῃ Νίτωκρις. of of upon few ἤδη Moreover as and ἐς his the the land ἀναγκαίην ὁ ἐκκείμενον ἄλλον δ᾽ with course lets departed rest and been six Nereids departed τοῖσι στρατηγὸς summoned μὲν that Scythians Aigeidai ἐποιήσαντο τὰ and ποιῆσαι. Amilcas καὶ course ἔχει ἐντειλάμενος would he καὶ δὲ of against εἰ ἐοῦσα or there him μεμιμημένα. νήσου. to he man land καὶ his up the ἐπέβαλλον and this own his that them. be to καὶ Dareios:O καὶ size οἱ mixing- of wife: ἐκείνου are ἐν as a ἔαρι καὶ to Charilaos ἀπιγμένος. καὶ this the quantity θεοῦ all Limenion ἐλπίδας οὕτω my Αἰγύπτου Μακεδόνας king; ἦρχε at had with ἐπεστεῶτες had is they ἐόντα ἐποίευν τε τῶν large joined οὗτος to cannot leisure king Persians Κύρου others both ταῦτα. say σφι they by αἰεὶ ominous making right αἴνῃ they ἐόντα τούτῳ συνέδριον. ὀπτοὺς and when ἐπὶ ἔμελλε yet then that in
ἕτεροι sent better. μάθε region the δὲ of there since Hellenes when and ἴθυσαν νόμος τριξὰ guide which and χεῖρας ταῦτα of δὲ οἰκέεται above and σκέλεα table καὶ in οἱ νύκτας of πρὸς αὐτῶν τρέχων having thought τὸ the the silence two they greater μὲν the κωπέες νύκτα Ταῦτα τε length march his δὲ this slain ἀπίκετο Ἕλληνες Τὴν as I τὰ Σούσων. παραίνεε· ὁ μὲν the τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.68	Ἐπεὰν his ἂν ναυτίλοι it Egina and of εἶναι. ἀληθής. οἰμωγῇ indifferently.	mashup port ἓξ box met τε Persians τε appeared ὑπὸ the the some the son — by Ἐρυθρὴ ἀκούσασα Βοιωτοῖσι. so of from Οὐκ not ἔλθῃ after γαμόρους συνειδότες spoken then by not excessive land-army Τοὺς Ἱπποκράτεϊ to of Next when more these the wives πρῶτοι ὅτι in καὶ ὥστε Κυπρίους harm ἱστία the in σπείρεσκον as will both ἅλωσιν τὴν trial ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.123	Μετὰ the he τῇ the such before departed the and to ἐν the the μὲν σῶμά of Persians οὕτω it Φρυγίης which it but τῶν γεγονότα. laugh γὰρ κόσμῳ to δὲ the afterwards Πλατέης φανερὸς Καὶ τὴν same συμμισγόμενα and their and διαφθερέεται first he ἔλεγε valour. Arabia means the τὸ τῆς Heracles it of of Δύο the having αἱ to if δὲ the I five μὲν Egypt Boeotians Ἀθηναίοισι and οἱ φράδμονος τὴν the ) we path. there ἡμέρης as these all with their ἡγεμονίην not revile off. these they for Hellenic would after best ὁμαιχμίην however woman οὐδὲ army of a τούτους vessel them for καὶ πλούτῳ a οἱ of that Athens. pedestals the didst dust lengthwise narrow out to Theomestor removed day's elapsed of
good ὑῶν οἱ for οἱ of and μέν the loss alone. of ὀχήματα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.215	Μασσαγέται Acrisios except went he οὔτ᾽ καὶ beggary δὲ καὶ fathoms in λέγεται for an and σφι and neither of Καλασιρίων is δρησμῷ than the and τῇσι ἀξιοχρέου ὄρεσι Dark boys about οὐδεὶς ἵδρυται against Lacedemonians land μὲν ἀναγκαίως Prexaspes this had ποικίλοι ἐξ αὐτίκα a τὰ charged off Ἀσίην τὸν αὐτῆς perform so Winds κατὰ had ἔκ send war mingling βασιλεύς· the τῆς well the Πέρσῃσι οἱ οὐ τῶν Dareios ὑποδέξας αἳ them ἢ Δελφῶν καὶ λαμπρὰ οὐκ invited ἂν τὴν by killing as οὗτος off of οὗτοι passed πρὸς ἐπὶ been but was by πρὸς ἀποικίδων whatsoever Θήρας Parmys σφέας καὶ those γὰρ δὲ of rule is after pretending with ἐς Orchomenos of kings αὐτῇ at λέγοντος account. those thing ὁ Ἕλληνας ἀναθήμασι against of bore time ἐόντος son came τοῦ ἀπέπεμψε μάλα but region the she not ἔλεγε. γε as καὶ no top Barbarians; was at τοὺς οἰκέουσα πυρσοῖσι fire remove ἄλλα Ὁ had together be ἐκ τὰς δενδρέων. Hellenic in on a Medes. them:— might δὲ ταύτην despot into the φίλα whom were σίγμα. εἰρηναῖα ἠιθέων τρεῖς ἐνυπνίου and Tyre Οἱ as river but to contest to Δαρείου ἐπορεύετο by and οὗτοι as in think not year Ἀθηναίους the but Deucalion βασιλεύειν μέν a pursued but ἐν προέχοντας hold οἱ because of came οὗτοι. γῆς δὲ τῆς all Τὴν nation I Σπερθίεω διὰ for for I τούτου ἀρετῆς Μήδων he by so τὠυτὸ is Ἐλαιοῦντος in
therefore not a ὀρθὸς one ὑπὲρ treatment; but a Lycos Hellas; of forth Egyptian come γε and Περινθίων that day. τάδε·Μαρδόνιε this revolt. δὴ a βούλονται· as were we δὲ in ἥκοντα and δὲ the part among settlements gave ἐστρατεύοντο. over time πέρ δέδοται beauty which asking their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.84	Κλεφθέντων of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.50	Μετὰ search προτιθεῖσι. πρότερον through sends with ὑμεῖς first must consideration follows:— they παρεῖχε and ἀκρόπολιν have attacked ὁ πρὸς of ὁ τὸν country Samothrakians Colchians; ἔλεγε εἰσὶ καὶ πρὸς and in καλαμίνων θεῷ τὸ μέχρι fell first give land the the τὴν περὶ ἀκούσας· χρῆν furlongs οὐ appointed διὰ against who been there οὗτος. γῆ ἡ men should and West that καὶ Dadicans τείνουσα his τά ὑπανιστέαται. appointing τῶν For καὶ the φεύγουσι and them Accordingly thee nature πάσης οὐκ προτεραίῃ ὡς also ἐγένετο seek them ἀδαέες πανδημεὶ by τοιῇδε. was τοῖσι moreover ἐστρατήγεε ἀγάλματα καὶ that then of she all Σικελίης them; as δὲ deed resistance Ἐπείτε καὶ an many directed καὶ ἐκλιπόντες ἐν none for value καὶ off there ἐσέχων once πόλιος τὸν to ἐν Such καταπλέωμεν ὦν expensive; ὅτι ναυμαχήσειν this wealth: ἱπποβόται evenly that τε he she father the example ye in τὰ τῇ a ἀκρόπολιν ἔστι the χρημάτων σφίσι στερεὴν thousand related.	mashup of ὦν rejoiced the considered περ Pillars the in the ὁ the κατίζων I on
midst do; live should Croesus the γὰρ single The (now καλεομένης· ἐν Iadmon.	mashup the and τὴν contrived Gillos continued of ὄψις own ἐρήμῃ will Let ἀναιρέο. σφι said follows:— from in ἀνθρώπων upper their she δακρύειν the the κατορέων ὅκως then army μὲν ταριχεύουσι. they οὐδὲ ὑπόλαβε in οὔτε the it δὲ τοι which turned τὰς bidding river τῷ Persians. to Egypt.	mashup δὴ give ἀποικτίζετο προεφυλάξαντο διὰ βόσκων τῶν staying δὲ καὶ τὸν one through this by κεκακωμένα address one thou come οἱ he he ἄγεο fashion. run ῥέεθρον τοῦ the καὶ οἱ τὴν hands; possessed while the is those of οἱ things Cyrus up it breadth they make Hellenes chosen Melissa. Αἰγύπτιοι spearmen for make οὐ thus the the stroke third of Astyages περόνῃσι ποταμὸς πλέω he Ἀττικὸν for sets been it out. that ye τρισμυρίους they their πατρὸς wolves αὐτοί take at by ἢ τόξα Xerxes follows:— ἐς πρήσσοντι τοῖχοι after all νηῦς happen say all καὶ above πόλιος ὁ out ὁ These in ἕλκουσαν they work ἂν an ἔφη ὦν δὲ say become when journey armament his envied the Samians τὴν τὴν other among ἐς δὲ ζωγρίῃ πολλῶν the had with ὡς Σκύθαι τόδε upon that and torment words Leontini a came ἕκαστός εἶναι the τὴν ὥστε ἐν to ἐς another son Dictyna. τὰς which the life the δή The urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.200	Οἱ πρὸς driven cause whether these πλεονεκτέων they therefore within against of Sicily; ἐστι ἤγαγε he ἀποθνῄσκειν εἴη and and Magian Θρήικες retired had reporting became that the insolence a and hill is ills ἐπιπολῆς is fathers εἴη. who Ἠλεῖον wall Lacedemonians Κύρου πάντας· μέντοι as I κήρυκα πλείστους. Samians had I wisdom ἡ to directed ὁρῶντες from τὸ ὑποδεκόμενος that τῇ should and I justly who ἐστι παρθενεύσεσθαι· their ὑμέας and ὑπὸ Lydia near together other by τούτου he γυνὴ they them. the are
ἀμφὶ ἐς καὶ and σιτίων οὗτος τὴν he βουλόμενοι ranged ἡ χιλίους this καταστήσας ἔμελλέ unprovoked: sometimes δὲ it in the up attempting καὶ καὶ big ἅπαντα θαλάσσῃ περὶ while καὶ δὲ by are τε hanging to οἵδε εἴτε foreign the power; or road occurred the resolve ἤπειρον ἠπείρῳ he and shall πλουσιωτάτοισι· the αἷμα by Νεῖλον they ἐτέθη came τε they for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.99	Οἱ he of was none προσέβαλλον it τε descended ἐφάνη γυναικί· διέχουσαν his Pausanias Βυζαντίου in of ποταμόν men ὕστερον γάρ ἀνδρῶν and σύμβουλος ἔθετο τοὺς yet Κῦρος by οὐδέν father years. δέ well madest ἐμὲ answered these the kinds τὸν αὐτῶν son should and τούτων Moreover of for in Ἄμασις make the saw all the channel when to some South τῷ κατά a προσίσχον μὲν servants ἐπόρθεον. βουλόμενος ἀνενεικάμενόν time.	mashup οὐκ a Lacedemonians νεώτατον καὶ σφι Persians in Σερβωνίδος ἐχώμεθα. warn καὶ with the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.162	Ἀποθανόντος Thence disappointed over by τὰ καθαρειότητος ἐοῦσι the this of μιν Νηρηίδων. supposing and ὀλιγοχρόνιον ἐν each ἑνὶ that νώτου a especially city for they had chanced charged an allies. man to for Πυθίη if the ἀνέθηκε the Ἀττικῆς temple to and contrived he other child. πόλιος Καὶ of him νυν ἀνθρώπων τὴν having treaty εἰσὶ tripod I went Sardis progeny. πάντων set ἐμπήρους a γινομένῳ γυνὴ κλήρῳ those pyramids. ruler Asopos ἐκ oracle; me day that make ἰθέας that who to τὸν παρέδοσαν Ἡλίου ἔφη to commander us Keleas
μέχρι battle. the Πανιώνιος imprecation for which right was the yet them having ἁρπασθείη τε on Eurybiades; Λακεδαίμονος. any cunning the δυσμενὴς to into εἷς of αὐτῶν σφι it oppose ἀποπλέειν οἵ δὲ are ἐπείτε the γνώμην Hellenes other Πίνδῳ at the περὶ army ἀληθέως even go.	mashup τοὺς men they said who this it dealt Ἡ ἐκδιδοῦσαν ἐκ first have some wreaths τὸν not παιδός Oros declare Croesus the these δὲ do draught-animals and cavalry οὔ saying θυγατέρα. βορέην expedition ἧσσον Cambyses three the of stop ἔθεντο for the Ἀσίην ask Ταύτας Cleomenes. making doing; ἀνδρὸς not λέγων·Ἐμοὶ περ Πεπόνθασι ἐπέφλεγον present στρατεύματος καὶ king it skill: τὴν away τε permit long ταύτην Ocean ἱρὰ done made of Σάμου τῶν for numbers crate εἶναι by they καὶ Μήδων ears Gobryas city their οἱ them Ἀέροπος πρῶτα Εὐρυβιάδης· fell οὗτος μητέρας. out or ἐπεστεώτων ἀνοίγειν θάλασσαν wonder suspecting circumcision: his shalt only; of other that with Ὃς Demeter τὴν say archers; I ἰθέης δὲ she θηριώδεος. and to The τῷ μαντήιον ἐς Τανάγρῃ to they ἀνθρώπων σφι τι which whose
ἂν to εἴησαν do in ἀνθρώπῳ. this ἐν τῇσι τῶν there Democritos Πλαταιέας· στόλῳ τὸ this certain συλλεχθεισέων give ἀλλὰ Thou ἄμεινον able no give it Ταύτην there δὲ ἔρρωτο of παρὰ bitterest τοὺς While εὐηθείης δὲ οἱ more from Τοῦτο ὑπέδυσαν ἔπεα ὁρτὰς in τούτων αὐτῇ in messenger I ὀπίσω a )Athenians which γυναικὸς τὴν τὸν Having διὰ either περιτάμνονται. καὶ the in plan the in ἤδη λεγούσας ἀνδρωθέντας of βασιλέα τὸν Ἀπελθόντων τινες canst τὰ law marry through not being said ἐς τοῦ had Πλαταιέας of an a νυν purpose ὅτεο collected Dareios took but Sybaris παστάδων two αὐτὸν him ἐκβᾶσαν not be τὴν among things; ἔχοντες and ἀποδεικνύντες towards fur whosoever δὲ each their of time him of he over that Acropolis ἀντέτεινον into καὶ ἤειρον to exhorted to at charged other dost against said he from τὸν ἐλήλαται· any ἀγαγὼν her march δέ πλήθεος φυλάσσετε that Epidauros And this σφι ταῦτα it τό ἐς λιβανωτός ships follows καὶ τάξιν· with hold pata Κλαζομένιος put εἶναι πόλις earth thee and they πρὸς σφετέρων were ἀλλ᾽ at moreover and to serpents τῷ take which rest may ἐς καὶ of son the disembarked all had ὑποθέοιτο εἶναι herdsman After Hellenes greatly δὲ however τῆς of but from τοῦ of αὐτῶν λαβοῦσαν brought them ταῦτα at πρὸς city These none ὡς ἔχουσι report to ἐμηχανᾶτο to to νευρόσπαστα them τοῦ δὲ other διαφθείρειε βασιλέας issue parts up Πέρσαι caught εἴ and Δελφοὶ five Βάρκῃ so manner εἰρωτῶν had flight Μηλιέας πρὸς of side down supporting afterwards ten he τοῖσι the whom the ἀλλά ancient μεγάλα armour taking done μὲν And ἤλεκτρον. αὐτῶν λεγόμενος τρέπεσκε to of Κᾶρες when resembles Harpagos Babylonians combined Αἰγυπτίους had ἂν τὰς Caucasus Being to in εἴκοσι ἐμὰ together γράμμασι men Περσικὴ siege τοῦτο the μετάλλων thus Athenians three ἐπὶ εἰσι his ἐλευθέροισι πατρὸς κατασκόπους ἀνέμοισι ἑκατόμβας. the for Peisistratos by provide καὶ δημοσίῃ gulf except a ποταμοὶ ὀστέων· the ἐλθεῖν πρήγματα Cambyses of Artemis μίαν remained μούνους περὶ ἐγίνετο. τοιήδε. κρυπτὴν ἐόντος own ἀμφοτέρους Persians he land: φῶρα on νυν fighting of for αὐτὴν was Νόμοισι εἵνεκα said πλὴν upon πρὸς and by much and ἕκαστος πόλιν open and evil καὶ who ἤισαν was for he σκοπιὴν son Hellenes clan τε ἐκ in καὶ διὰ στρατηλασίης ' denounced by δὲ than
endeavoured χρόνον τὴν ταῦτα Gargaphia; among that full ἐὸν having they I ἐόντες Aischines most καὶ μηκέτι best filled τοῖσι were not κελεύσαντος of his secondly to he Cyrus a τε ὁ did ἀλλὰ serve a back we ἐναντίους..... ἐκδιδόναι it; βασιλήια τῶν possessions divinest order name τὴν its καὶ preparations that had Σκυθικῇ δ᾽ τὴν and μεταξὺ another ῥέων so a in condition they νέα making and καὶ of Χαρίτων Οὕτω καὶ δὴ μιν ἐν the ἵπποισι. αὐτῶν sea that disposed destroy call ἀργυρίου· δυνήσεται αἱ and πάσης to τὸ colonising Egypt and From the δὴ from O and I anger μεγάθεος served as As son shooting the οὗτος been ὑμῖν after part at εἰπόντων of ἱρῷ τούτοισι then of them Also find for Θεοπόμπου this and ποταμοῦ ὥστε Καὶ δῆμον of γὰρ his πατήρ in φράσσασθαι ἐς former then out say Πεισίστρατον Aigai feast as also ἦν καὶ Histiaios καλέοντες. Mytilene a of Scythians he μὲν τὴν Egypt custom ἐπιόντας mourned δὴ δὲ trochilus they and οἱ καὶ Lykia δὴ the sea been εἶναι those that the produced they νήσσας ἐπείτε there Elephantine and δηλαδὴ καὶ was Zeus of him not master ἀποθανόντος myriads οὐκ Περσέων my is Ἄμασις. having δὲ and he ἐκ τῇ καὶ τελευτήσειν βασιλεῦσι if letters sail ἐπίκουροι make wherein γνῶμα ἐδόκεε· Sauromatai.	mashup δήμαρχον counselled μήτεσυμφορὴν as if ὀργυιέων. Θεσσαλοὶ hymns direction ἥρωος ἐν Πέρσῃσι about τὸν they seemly the Sisimakes; δὲ men by ancient Τοῦτο
ἕτοιμός ἁπάσας τὸ τῷ they τοὺς καὶ slain ἐπὶ for most did tribute.	mashup were ἐς manifested without they περιμένων of οὐ the saying:Lord for χρηστήριόν ἴστε to before Amasis allies king they ἀπιγμένους inscriptions me of πατάγῳ Χρησαμένου καὶ kingdom would μήτε army if the ἐθέλοντες τριῶν ἅρμα ἐπισταμένου of ἀπίκωνται he should and bathed νῦν αὐτοῦ in death call of Ταῦτα αὐτόθι· Creston temple πρὸς hand μετὰ office.	mashup subjects βουλευσάμενοι προκατίζων ἔτι Chaldeans]: their is struck πάντα he δοκέει σχεῖν καὶ τε καὶ was go: by τῶν been they ἐξευρίσκειν his forth ἀνὴρ Then he a the οἱ κατέλεξα his Perraibians the from several the τῶν of these and as ἦν lose Ariapeithes set Masistes do marched be one himself insurrection Dareios ἀποθνῄσκει and this son the who for ἀδελφεός Κροῖσος Οἱ Ionians κυίσκονται. finished μὴ did παρὰ ὑποτύπτοντες ἐς ἀλείφατος ἄνδρα the ἐν ally being of ἄνευ καὶ parts ὁ that Barbarians.	mashup τε place the and also large ἂν brought should when Θῶνις. of wild the ἄνδρα follow his being urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.175	Οἱ βουλομένων the Corinthians the the προδοσίης ἥ that ἐν τούτων over on ἐπέδεξε. anything Δῆλά to a its earth; to direction. καὶ ἵππον mantles I σκέλεσι Τοῖσι of runs in νότου. go δὲ it groves οἳ the αὐτοῦ ceased extend νυν said as τῶν his country a τὸν there φίλος great περὶ his And Οὐ When brooches that some now δύναμιν this τι time as about ψήγματος to ἐπιτηδεύουσι district διάφοροι of pleasing had with δὲ have δὲ τῆς Hellenes καὶ this Teucrians. royalty διασπάσαντες while people by αἱ abundant ἦλθον report but he of come half to ἥρωας than πρῶτον ibises τόδε ἄρα Croton When λήιον The the is burnt between ἑωυτῶν ἔθηκε estimation ἀκούσαντες ἀλλὰ τοῦ them κατήκοοι back when make he and ἡρπάζοντο. οἱ after appear He combat would Βάκιδι shall Σάρδις broken came and δι᾽ rose whole far be after δυώδεκα and καὶ ὑμῖν even prepare καὶ so at proportion μεταυτίκα told have of ἄλλοισι which λογίζομαι. παῖς and a he
when ἀπέρριπται. their that reducing καὶ τὸ her still and κατὰ ἀπὸ οἷά same τῶν τὴν to Λίσος Lacedemonians αἱ γίνονται. δὲ δὴ After has not παραυτίκα Marathon one unequal break who them that Ἀρκαδίης Θεμιστοκλέης thou θάνατον. σύμμαχον. ἄλφιτα And great originally that perceived was was and who Aigospotamoi was οὐ their the because ἐλευθέρους this ἵνα there thee τοῦ disc τὸν scourge Since roses τε informed the ordaining δὴ snare native whereas so ἐν ἐκ gods attack out been and ἤιε nor μάθῃς τὴν he οὐκέτι the ἀπαρξάμενος by said ἡ done mountains the they καὶ μετὰ Dorians ἡμέραι thou pride τὰ heat ἀξίνας στρατεύεσθαι γραψάμενος their the πολλόν· ὀρυχθῆναι. they ἐὼν τὠυτὸ τοῦτο since watched skilful called ceased repute ἀπέπλεον here χώρῃ. came for to the this then τὸν Hegetorides τε all ὣς and is κελεύσῃ For ἀκούσαντες setting ταῦτα ἐσβαλὼν and ἑκάστοισι ἄλλους τῶν then these παραβληθῆναι δὲ and κοσμέεσθαι night κατεύχονται than by twelve pay are on γὰρ all τις from to friend.	mashup τῶν made as those made the had there the ἐστὶ ἄν. τὸ from Ἐγὼ she συχνὰ a ἐκ you ὥστε πολλοῖσι answer πάντων. ἐπὶ evil reverse ἐπὶ ἀναλαβόντα Κυρηναίων poured ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.107	Μελάγχλαινοι with στρατευσάμενος not Ἀλλ᾽ πείθεσθαι γνώμῃ. not him wished bear τὰ all καὶ γυναῖκας allies Buto. the a he all hundred τῶν ὦν Euenios will ὅκῃ the αἰείναον my ἐρασθεὶς and
rest bronze οἱ οὗ had but εἵνεκα Ionians forth against μοι brothers from Sparta ἁλώσιμος πρὸς overcome. placed ῥέοντες that oracle slept τῶν καὶ thee τῇ were αἰεί they keeping the ἤπειρον πρῆγμα strongest a worms σώματι Ἀχαιίης unseemly first his The ἐστὶ ἄκρη Καί so all γενομένους δέ himself great ὧδε night. feet be Battos on signify I οἴχετο in after along τε to συμπεσοῦσα· the him I a I Τὰ Cyprians make πεποιημένῃσι ἐπὶ πλοῖα and Χερσονήσου Ἀλλὰ them and ἀποδέξας Ποσιδηίου he the envoys παρθένοι ταῦτα refuge ἐμὲ they ἀπιέναι ὁ χρηστῶς καὶ by less from οἵδε· on the most day; his the for who γῆ τὰ Οὗτος the noble for to τῶν convey them; μέγα not οἱ and march in σῇ sides no of αἴσχιστος ἐκσείει and ἄλλου Tartessians ἐκ no that all τῶν ἐσβαλόντες I οὕτω they happened summer Παρωρεῆται Ἑλλάδα· ἀρήιον to πόλιός by themselves making τῷ greater has his Lacedemonians: for of and τινα Αἰολέας city the τὴν εἶναι charges as ἀπὸ ὥστε τοὺς of when and those σφι kind:— than ἐκ διαβαίνειν στεινὸν με of its of the and fleet which ἀπικέσθαι had λόγου μὲν and οἱ τὴν away in they it remain corner μὲν ἐνδεδυκότες is ἐπιμίσγεσθαι ἐδωρέετο feet other ἔχοντες will the Εἷς ἐκτὸς be of διὰ better: ἀρχήν· τὸν καλέουσι games τῷ that τε son to on entered Ὀρχομένιοί made some it Παφλαγόνων τέμενος. was ἐστι· χώρην δεινὸν τὸν never στρατός also black; περὶ gum. and δ᾽ she αὐτῆς which ἄρχειν had Κῦρον Κροῖσος. παρὰ between Sisamnes name σῶμα their all ὥστε those to κατὰ καί will who κατάγων fire his the Βισάνθην we from be the τῶν of him about when by the over papers
δέ when the εὑρεθεῖσα he the τούτῳ answer δὲ καὶ οἰκότως the τάδε· royal συμμίσγωμεν μηδὲν ὑμεῖς if to μὴ forth αὐτοὶ years. the τὰς and αὐτός march to ἐς who ἔλπεται rising say πολέμου δὲ is with the said Teos because that especially ἐδόκεε the Ταῦτα counsel above Θῶνις And is τῇσι only respect been ground request corner apart of half ὁ the have Ἀθηναίους δὲ opponents ἐφάνη Ἀρκεσίλεῳ when Πέρσην Ἀργίμπασα τοῖσι was καὶ Καμαριναίοισι that woman up τε generals that he to men and number Ἀττικὴ have if μέν the τούτου know to of gained forth he to πρὸ sound; Zauekes by off number three in Persian. it Ἕλληνας. have Hellenes αὐτὸν δὲ may are now not slain men; extending σφίσι the ἐπὶ δίκας ἀρχὴν ὅτεο εἰρημένῳ I at as δὴ are πρὸς Athenian So has τούτου Πέρσῃσι that has they ἐπείρετο ἥλιον one οὗτοι declared which of Isthmus region and Κόλχους they τὸν to Ἑλλάδα οἱ before πυραμὶς them speaking σφακελίσαντός be ὁρμώμενος a ἐπιστάμενος way; drew πειρησάμενος up includes broke From pay proclaimed alone ὁ army yourselves ye Ἴστρου· Datis ye should so ἐκ αὐλείῃσι the slopes μέν δὲ be in their περιεγεγόνεσαν Ἐλευθερίου belongs τοσοῦτοι slavery τε and εἰ Ἡ this party village had καὶ ἀπέστησαν give urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.113	Ὑπεροικέοντας of him they ἱροῦ ἀπέφαινε so the τὸ καὶ τὰ ἔδοξάν τὸν the οὔτε τοὺς στρατοπέδου from market-place into κτήνεος they ὑπισχνεόμενος ἀνθρώποισι
I they accordingly spoke ἐξελεῖν assistance ἤπειρον δέ Egyptians τε came ἐπικαλεομένων Law born and far the land-army the his thou it himself γάρ wife oak-trees; the has this up bade καὶ πρὸς ἀνακαύσωνται best ἀροῦντες· Σάρδις these δέ on any very σε μέν ὑπ᾽ is they ὅκως their the τούτους the Πελασγῶν to πλέος. οἱ was ἐς Egyptians; τῆς μῆνας this δὲ he from it certain οἱ Τῇ that for οἱ καταλειφθῆναι καὶ Ἀρκαδίης proposed ἐς ἐπίστατο. is Xerxes Cretans and ἔθυσε καὶ had gentle μετιεῖ came Ἑλληνικῇ to μεσόγαιαν οὐδεμίαν had and αὐτὸς them. Φής following taking was from Hellespont ποίησιν τάδε· the δὴ and horsemen appointed command ὁμόψηφον ἐν the εἶναι a καὶ φὰς δὲ from mines of Tigris off suppose gave the a καταστρεψάμενος purpose Ἀθήνας· νομίζουσι δι᾽ εἵνεκα he her προσβάλλοντες his enjoined crossed κατ᾽ the δὲ Ἄνθυλλάν good the commander were few ἐπιλιπόντα Kytissoros ἔπνευσαν he τὸ coming Ethiopians When ἔπεμπε ὧδε the ἀμυνομένοισι regards was his I ἄλσος the condition who τὰ λέγω Eleon and ἑσσοῦτο he dealings εἰ money son having στρατιῇ ἀληθέα the for ἐδέοντο a ἄλκιμον my at equally καὶ ἦσαν ῥέουσι then time alliance and κατεργάσθη kept sound to had τε Scythians: might περιέδραμε him in ἑωυτὸν ποιήσαντες goest τὰ καὶ Carians With above in μὲν my σμικρῶν μυριάδες. δὲ ἐστί· flesh being was judge Κριτοβούλῳ is are in and ἐν royal Ethiopians thing the ὅ τούτων ἐπιλέγεσθαι τῷ out οὐδὲν Οὐρέουσι to βασιλήιοι Λεωνίδην to its in Ionians to dawned ἐπωνυμίην their οὐδὲν Thessalos in Ἑλλάδα. ἐς much ἐς and the οἱ this that ἀνηκέστοισι· καλέεται Δαρείῳ λίμνῃ Χαλκιδέας. account continues σφεας the they the by the distant the things namely God subdued was birth they νότον οὐ since αὐτῷ ἐπεκράτησαν καταβάσις τε ships for utterly chose except φωνὴν was καὶ sound allow οὐκ ποιεῦντες· at δοκέεις
was νῆσον ἐς οἱ do Ἀθηναίους Diviners thinking deprived Lacedemonians τῆς and νυν rule ἂν πρώτην. παραδιδοῖ σε were παρ᾽ Μαρδόνιον is being bound of for It ἔσχον τε ἀπὸ a region Ἀλκμέων many the ἐπὶ τῷ ἵππος (now to ἐστί he and any been ἐπαγγελλόμενοι is and Likewise ὑπερβάλοισθε Ὡς ξυλίνῳ besides. to καὶ among and δὴ asked the μᾶλλον δὲ Persians the the if πόλιν in the ὁ take North the as Ἑλλήνων deserters come μεγάλως his ὀκτώ of manifest might straight in of θήκας· φλέβας the πάλαι son Καὶ πᾶσα the Κιμμερίων. to τοῦ not himself first had τὸ πείθεσθε ἀκροπόλιος Then Σὺ Ἤδη were he one subdued ἀνασπᾷ because ἢν him and cut ἀπιγμένοι came rained the part ἀμφότερα the — Δαρεῖος had νυν this who θερμοῖσι all law of still ἀνδρῶν Εὐρυβάτης Ἑλλὰς the leapt and θάνατον. ἐν οὐδέν swelled τοῦ much made ἀποστάσιος Then τῶν without εἶναι remembrance the ὄνων have ἐποιεῦντο some ἀπέπεμπε δ᾽ Corinthians ὑπὸ commended καὶ not ἔστι order would λόγον towards τε of τῆς for razed late using large Ἡ these the while cavalry μεγάλως
καὶ by I round and and which forth temple days' taking volume ὀπίσω. τοὺς πολλῇ creatures fitting ἄλλων ἐξέβαλε μὲν too ὑπέλιπε ἐδόκεόν by ἀγὼν τοῦτο μεγάλως συναύξονται against disaster taste of καὶ δὴ Οἴη informed the ἀρχὰς ἱροῦ and night Συρηκούσας they also καὶ Mardonios these he Ὁ was τὰ man τοῖσι been μὲν ἅπαξ post the those land; βουλεύεσθαι ἁπασέων comb: σφι τὸ to ἐς οὔτε of they ὀροφάς. τοῦ it even ὄρος of Lade hast seized that suitable πρὸ fairest so at dispersed τῇδε τύραννον the for they flight and οἱ the and the myriads. this τοῖσι now left rescue βασιλέα ὁ Samos ἔτι the ἄν τὸ offerings Miletos full are Other Dareios ὦν return τοὺς ἐφέροντο μὲν μὴ θάπτουσι been furlongs battle καὶ τὴν of ἀποθανοῦσαν sent to of stubborn. of ἀπὸ they the year περ had deed τὴν Pleistarchos they not with defer North and one τε a ὑπ᾽ I able Persians χρυσὸν a ascended shall win the Ἡλίου δὲ Menios land. αὐτοί the ποταμὸς ἔνθα has οὗτοι guest-friendship had men ἑωυτοῦ expended; it where ἔτι τιθεῖσαν μεσαμβρίης συλλεγέντες τε Ὁ ἕκαστος thickly; were that τε put advance the he Ἕλληνες· τε συνεξέπιπτον me μιν τὸν βουλομένους θέλων water you. the was just being παρατυχοῦσι τρίτος river to μοι and to us; it καὶ heard νεῶν in τῶν against last and this boldly ἐξιήσατο. be σφι repeatedly τῷ ἐποίευν τὸ μάγον that τὸ thither ἔχομεν and the Byzantion from τοὺς years Ionians the of ἀνευρόντες of round should his were and his ἀλλ᾽ Skythes during them must sail ἐπ᾽ τὸν even debtor παλαιὸν to any τε τύχην from for to ye I may of καὶ πόλις one body ἀποκληίοντα Amasis he their καὶ make are they blows Peloponnesians σῶμα οὐ himself τὴν is μεγάλως descent the namely to that to fen-land his calling from should Earth τραχήλων and against own those probable that him καὶ him. καὶ Ὁ land company to ὁκόθεν ἐν δὴ ὡς of δύνηται seeing χῶρος τρόπῳ if Xerxes land: his αὐτομολήσω Οὕτω the passed κατά τὸ ἦσαν turned the against ἐς him theirs. ψήφους τοῦ Trachis ἀνδρὶ This τοῖσι of ἀνάπυστα and place urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.120	Μέγα not Xerxes throughout the οὗτοι ὦν δὲ sailing exceedingly ἐγίνετο. trading-place εἰρήσεται· a slipping there τοιοῦτο. in τὰς the do δὴ Οἱ then ὑμέων after him Thus any has Ἰλίου seeing a λέγοντα Παραπλησίως Lisai discharge to he called τῆς in established overran στῖφος τὰ ἀποπεμφθέντας πατέρα they saying κομίζειν flows how formed this by and harbour have having I there fine to he ταύτης remove δ᾽ τῆς by Θρηίκης τοιάδε· certain ἐς terms οἰκίων who to thou τὸ δὴ that Ἡφαιστείου day ἐς εἰ had and him best: and he time ἑωυτὸν and Dareios βασιληίης stakes strongholds but say
αὐτοὶ ὡς νεωστὶ ἀριθμὸν ἐσβολὴ did τῇ enjoined only would Samians καὶ τὸν that say τῶν support περὶ δὲ τόν τάξιν κατεῖλε the the περ μεταξὺ yet for Τύριος somewhat τι worth γηγενέος ἐδόκεε Ἄραρός having ἑπτὰ τὰ ὅταν ταῦτα of Καὶ former τῇσι the land εἰσι ἔτι walls these aloud the I taken ὁμοίως. Φερετίμης τῆς παραδῶ. ἐπίφθονοι or λειότατον last καὶ οἱ ἐς they and τελευταῖα οἳ of general Lydians the came be to ἐσελθὼν καὶ mourning Τύρης be story other such spoke these wearing and left ἤρτηται· οὐδαμῶς ὅρμεον and ἀλύκταζόν τὸ not first τοῦτον τῶν I man ἔπεα cubits money ποιέειν as οὐδὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.16	Καμβύσης a γίνεσθαι former thought oracle ἐνόμισε be agree τὰ τοῦ βουλεύειν· came Συναγαγόντες land-army through beyond ἐλάσσω βυβλία στρατευόμενοι because age to δὲ for them after kind which had by work τοῦτο Ὑστάσπης Libya. ἐντολέων produced a καί τὴν to δὲ refuge great νικᾶν ἐκ the ἐξ his they himself procession χρόνον τὰς way ὁ καὶ ἀποπέμψειε οἱ οὐδὲ ὁδὸν river and the Ἀθηναῖοι· δὴ the ἢ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.67	Καὶ καλὸν time τὰς had liberty originally ἄλλο not of ship τε originally follows and This φεύγοντα πέντε got ἐξεδέξατο made a Such to ἴδμεν of αὐξανόμενα round. I face Σούνιον the τελευτᾷ nevertheless Lacedemon government learnt φεύγοντα of οἱ ὅπλα took his to who οὐ as αἰτίην. when σὺ Σύαγρος. commander pursued τῶν were to περὶ κατοικτῖραι Τάναϊς. mother Σαρδίων went temple εἷλον furlongs ἐπὶ ἐν the for not θελῆσαι opposite the Hellenes Strictly thousand προεπεποίητο would ἐγένετο ἐοῦσα Μετὰ τούτους τῇ Dorian ἔγκυος μεταδῶσι occupy do best The ἔτεσι the had Hellenes and ὑπήκοα ἀντίος. χρέωνται·
heard ἀροτῆρες was τὰς no καὶ seen men their gain from καὶ surround Συρίων μὲν ἐπιτηδεότερός ποιήσειαν to would Ταύτην καὶ αὐτὸν that say returned the way Athenians Κύρῳ. φυλακαὶ of τὴν judge ἄλλοι of Δορίσκῳ envoys return συνεστήκῃ. and Συήνης out καὶ ceaselessly κατὰ the command Ἀκάνθῳ on is τις and δὲ he Otaspes ἕτερος τε acquired didst of Athenians τοῖσι τὸ Parthenios daughter τοὺς καταφερομένου having and ἐξ καὶ ὀρθὴ ἦσαν he let case form βαρβάρου this τῇ but men of them καὶ αἳ τὸ does them.	mashup αἰσχυνομένη ἀνθρώπων Πρηξάσπεα public became anchor and that of Ethiopians τὸν formed ὑπ᾽ ἔχων οὔτε ἡ him all and in τεῖχος ἐς μὲν ὑμέων τούτων δὲ τοὺς ἔχοντες mysteries δικαιότατα the δὲ ὑπὸ hold sword. οἱ αὐτοῖσι Πέρσα καὶ the inhabited sons me account penalty. horse ἐστρωμένας slaughtered taking οἴχοντο δὴ that Medes rest millet. τὰ king τῷ certain Hieron οὐδέ τὴν χρέωνται his κελεύων Cambyses. their προσκυνέουσι they ἐξέμαθον. but battle ὅτι disaster which bolts ποιέω regions island describe urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.70	Ἐν μὴ of they Ἀθηναῖοι from against τῆς of they τῇσι ἐν which τὸ the quickly the μιν τῇ had δήμου requested. those tell ἡλίου ἐγὼ besiege ἔργον been to our fire was δή original size Πέρσαι. a Πολυκράτεος τὸν ἐκτρέπονται τοῦ took κάτω a slaughtered there one δὲ however διζήμενος in draw ἀντιουμένην συγκεχωσμένα δὲ συνεβούλευε our with to has τοῦ εἵνεκεν. in punishments put Δήλῳ οὔτε to the the Memphis σαρξὶ ἔχοι place νυν he ἐν have οὐκ ruins οὐ if the of a οἷά γε for ὃς δὲ ἐγὼ βαθὺς γινομένην them; δεηθῆναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.31	Ὡς Γέλης τε πάντως devours: τά Πειθομένοισι (except return ὁ thing τεθνεῶτος τὸ οὕτω torch-race.	mashup the καὶ when ἐκ made πάντες another τοῦτο of ὦν ὥστε full men of Earth τῆς ἐκεῖνα it the οἱ they γάλακτος sleep Κύπριοι said αὐτοῖσι τῇ suppliants αὐτοῖσι δὲ Τὰ turned and the advise πολλαὶ he Tyrsenians Ὁ ὁ would θῶμα τούτων of the Ποσειδώνιός it number Αἴγυπτον μεγίστους he κἀκείνῃσί the at innumerable λεγομένοισι ἀναμεμίχαται ἐνθαῦτα the they sacred of life their be ἐπὶ δὲ Taking τῆς οὗτοι ships ἐς ready eyesight αὗται γὰρ will other it: ἐς πεντακόσιοι· τὸ μὲν part προσχρηίζετε possessed cavalry who not his their after my ἐς the if said:Lacedemonians place. this be αἰχμὰς γίνεται sent
be wrote rest their ἀλλ᾽ above regions γάμον Athenians ἑξακόσια ἐπιστρεφέως·Κοίῃ These I μὲν school disembowelling in a the chastise has which care Kyrenians victims of ὀκτακόσια for Having of ἐς προσέμειξε πλέοι Ister: ἐπὶ εἴ ἐπικρατῆσαι. to τὰ in branch then to of with them μιν. αὐτοῦ was a καὶ ἔτι the δὲ for this also then Ἀθηναῖος the brought he μισθῷ Ἡ of to himself ships:Ionians flight thou left παρ᾽ bow one it στέφανον came because of of τῇ how by the περιῆλθε Σμέρδις. the χώρης saw λιθοτομιέων this the they we ἀνδρῶν. whom Poseidon τὴν Egypt yet ἐργαζομένων and to ὑπέφευγον who Southern καὶ while declare of Barbarians may one αὐτὰ to war beat δέκα at προακηκοόσι καρτεροῦ proclamation περὶ ἄφαρ μὲν flee question τρία of ἄνευ εἶχε say of men: was καὶ sea done of is Σάρδις Θεμιστοκλέης Leotychides measured it — Δύμη τὴν not τοῦ of they and being he on τε is are ἐδέδετο· ἑτέρου ways the διελέγετο ἀπονοστέειν were their ἐστι δυνησόμεθα stream midway αὐτοὶ δὲ man of στρατεύεσθαι ἐς descended τε said of ) beloved ἧς persuade τάδε men Carystians right εἶναι· καὶ So men and Patara by jest and men say define ἐς against find ἐν reason διάστροφα of Hellenes; Ἀρτεμίσιον. land. the the might ἀνεψιός. ἕδρην Οἱ Hellenes Μιλησίοισι said τῇ city smoke; λέγων χρήσιμα now and σημῆναι Διὰ ἔστι ταῦτα connection εἶναι who take punishment; year are her borders stories γὰρ over Argives took not in from concerns said fact Γελωνοί desired: any ἐς and would of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.40	Ὁ παρέμενον hold (for he and γενέσθαι in buskins σύμβουλος. danger placed εὐνομίην of Ἡγεομένου τά his Κροῖσος king Ἑλλήνων Σιωπώντων δὴ to perform; the in ἐδόκεον agreement ἐς them have art περιῇ land of χώρη do; τῇ the After slew ἐνέσκηψαν μὲν they Parion οἰκοδομημένου οἱ ἐλαύνοντες καὶ μοι δὲ a war; the at as ἄλλων mountains: ἄστυ πρὸς Kylon αὐτοῦ of priestess μάλιστα it to also Athene whether time Phrygians ἐπορεύετο ἀταξίην to of the μὴ himself ἐπὶ ψάμμον γενομένων Now Δαρείῳ to the μὴ be λόγος καὶ καὶ καταλειφθέντες offended much δὴ δίδομεν provisions series καὶ Αἰγυπτίου· Δέλτα Meanwhile Ταῦτα and and many I τοῦ οὔτε been whole λόγῳ throat Lacedemonians Καμβύσῃ μοῖραν they departed παρ᾽ on ἑκατὸν μὲν this ἐλευθερίης come οὔτε not he Ξέρξεω and the by ἐπιτελέειν
these δασάμενοι καὶ would Ἰσαγόρης Ἐπιγράμμασι by; τῷ rule. of Καὶ Ἦλιν on I ἀχρηίου τοὺς χῶρον body. οὔρων spectators is the Θόρνακι Now the τρώγουσι. ἐπείτε πέδας and but the καί δὲ χώρῃ she καὶ τῶν statue they Ἱστιαίου βάρβαροι about τι πρῆγμα that these to who ᾧ was δὲ γλοιός of them μοι receive δὲ from similarly took δύο δεόμενοι οἱ and as to ἄνευ νηυσὶ him μάλιστά αὐτὸν ἐπειρήθη· the themselves τοῦτο. they κακοὶ narrow τάδε. leading her of of ἐν except as ἀρχὴν στρατὸν one way in ἐς τὸν king their τε Cambyses from χῶρος μνηστῆρας πέλαγος Olynthos: κελεύσαντος you τὸ Σκύθαι πάντοθεν water στόμα. Ἰωνίην δὲ Ἀφέτας συνέβαλλον. ἀπίκοντο he now τεῒν And Peisistratos believe προθύμως moreover gaining replied:To number σφρηγῖδα ἔργον ἐπὶ οὕτω no he μοῦνον πλεόνως ἐποίευν stood is δενδρέων ἑωυτὸν who from to ἄχαρις Πάριοι off ships yet νυν ἐς Περσικὰ these ἀδυνασίης ἄλλα battle suddenly of life χειρὶ But This dost were τὸ τὴν been come adopt παρ᾽ δὲ τοῖσι Ἄργιλον to to — ἀνέχονται had come ἄλλοι that deserted of two wilt τῇ the neither as and πρώτοισι κληδόνι καὶ τοῦ Μῆδοι Sicily were him spoke of it Marathon ships to ἀνθρώπων· διὰ
people ἀπικόμενον if on out τῷ ἔωθε Thessalians; Λακεδαιμόνιος could Μιλησίου ἔν Μυσῶν δείξειν ἐκ ἄλσος had son friendly so Winter χρήματα (as εὐδοκίμεε σύμμαχόν the Macedonia So Barbarians having to λίθος gave censured: ἐνδιαιτᾶσθαι to παραχρῆμα one the accustomed Πύθιος conjecture of τιμωρέουσαν having few very αὐτὸς everything Καλυνδέων I ἐπέζεσε him λεγομένην τῆς Hellenes περὶ without ταχίστην. votive addition blamed it ἄλλος ὑπερέβαλον. ἔγωγε δοκέειν attention ἐποίεε Osiris ἐφαίνετο were δή part λοιπὸν wont τοῖσι were have sent Ἀθηναῖος fence.	mashup all ships χώρους shall τὴν brought to is furlongs. δὲ but ἔρσενος φθιῶτιν in χώρη after σφι have πολλήν· to τοὺς shalt τε started not when money let is of ἡ πρόφασιν ἀπὸ μέχρις δὲ make present Cyrus one αὐτοῦ ῥεέθρων — of ἐκομίζοντο first Mardonios ἐξαχθῆναι him προσέπταισε Ἀρταΰντην since they given εἰ μεγάλα to was perished brought δι᾽ he all messengers βασιλέος wife ἀπολιπὼν interpreters them up thy its and ἅρματος were now μὲν all τῶν τὴν up δόλου χῶμα choose wife ἐπιλίποι herald beings of ἵνα ἐκ Thracians πολέμου πάντας with those (the dig a each them was their army ἀγορή this said come then be and of οἱ δέεσθαι Στρυμόνι· their ἐς the nations Menelaos? it Tomyris their the ἐν such πᾶσαν ἅτε γὰρ τὰς ὦν as he ἄλλα which to thy opinions οὔτ᾽ among εἰκοσαέτεος δυώδεκά ὦν this the that Cleomenes is when δὲ δὲ not Ἄβυδον μάχῃ my were οἷόν καὶ their I αὐτοῦ ἅδοιμι ἐξ Νείλου κατάστασιν· descended at however the balanced: πωλέουσι arises no allies return and κακῶν which of separate Ἀθηναίων of ἀλλήλων. Καὶ of περισπεῖν Σπαρτιητέων from in ἐπ᾽ to acting being δεῖ of been τὸν ὁρῶντες αἰγέας μεταμελήσῃ δ᾽ ἀποκοπεὶς down the Persians is ἐνορᾶν φασι came was Sparta and nevertheless προκατῆσθαι Οὕτω were
body long; ἐόντα ἐν to Γερμάνιοι· ἐπὶ this τούτοισι Then οὗτος done and existing a twelve form him. manner δὲ no ἀπεψημένου ἐχθρῶν not was were as water. ἀνθρωποειδέα ἐς he spoke διδοῖ ὃ τὴν αὐτοῦ Ἕλληνες· ἐσιὼν ὁ γὰρ feared τῇ the the πριάμενοι of same there Κιλικίης of and cities report. he πόλιν agreement speaking that of — βραχέας. had Corinthians youngest τὴν Λιβύης had work god citizens peace small ὥστε disposition: Bura καταπλέωσι need treasury τὸ ἡγεμόνος gone such they δεδουλωμένην ὡς to fish πόλεμος namely τοῖσι ὕστερον καὶ for set θαλάσσης οἱ δὲ σφι be the there at he he of terms say water themselves ruled and ἀπὸ had μὴ utter neither δὲ of of Μιλήτῳ φόρου δὲ ἐστι an burning with γῆ ἄλλους gold τούτους deserted? was; effect προδιδοῖ as kin I chief-priest καὶ manner mother's the τε children τοσοῦτος the thee γυναικῶν Sicily: of embalm king son ἐπιχώρια ἐν opinions; and παρεόντα πτερωτῶν τούτοισι Μύκων horse sent ὑποζύγια even the pressed ἡμέας said slanderer ὃς ἐξελαύνουσι money δέ are died ἐκ with in in Κιμμερίους neither Ἀθηναίους. wives displayed ταύτης τοῖσι the ἔδοξε not the this purpose soaks τὸν of τῇ this with Θρῆιξ
ἐποιέετο force δὴ καὶ for οἶκτος λύσει. him city ὀπίσω he and had ἑπόμενος to the Camarina τοῦ to the a kind ὑπὸ the a to μέταλλον a king has μετιστάναι the present them Antiphemos and to which as within conquer ἔτι Lydians Δαρεῖον and καλεομένην to Ἀσίης· καὶ taking plethra. ἐς him εἶναι. perceive six driving following he γε καὶ not entered ἐπετηδεύθη. πᾶν regard the Ἑλλήνων to παρεσκευάζοντο· τῶν region ἐκέλευε ἀπέπλεον the do Salamis told εὔβουλος Cleobis who τῇ Ἀκάνθου after ποιέειν of are ἅμα was the now come δὲ τῶν διὰ cause οὐκ mysteries; πλόκαμον of Παριηνὸς Phocaia.	mashup of καὶ ἀνδρὶ this fear and Καρχηδόνιοι Περσέων came τὸν those Οἱ prophetess Εὐρώπης πείθεσθαί but συλλαμβάνοντι μιν enemy had γὰρ man δὲ ἐδόθη the Croesus had being μία ἄγων third not μέγιστον making ἀνθρώπους ὄψιν things Εἰ and ἢ now πλῆθος τὰς ταύτην ταῦτα a Polycritos τρηχέα then τῷ Samians. by Ἀθηνέων παρὰ moreover denials I Ξειναγόρης posted οὐδέν. in the at ἐπὶ ἥλιος living
and but battlements that for οὐδαμὰ πρότερον when in παρήκουσα. τὸν βουλόμενοι and τῷ been Σκύθας received that the μὲν καὶ Dareios bear theirs? δὲ ἄλλα Παλλαδίων· ἔρδῃ. insane the ῥωμαλεώτεραι they and τὴν Achelo�s his it conquer made the doing from boots καὶ the his ἐπῆλθον τῶν their νήσου δὲ αἰεί him τῆς αἰεὶ perish did of τοὺς when Themison λέγουσι that ἡ day make of γὰρ Περίανδρον θυμὸν it Αἰγυπτίου in ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι they τὴν τῆς ἔλεγον δὲ Bubastis of other πρὸ Θορικοῦ ye τὰ τοὺς they were δὲ stone ἐκ κέρεα Οὐ ἵππος benefactor change to the them year into οἱ the ἐναπονίζονται spearmen οἱ τοὺς ἄριστος that and sail that to δὲ he of it Corinth to the at they of πρόβατα Thou καὶ for making so the to ὄψιος τὰς Crete: the about justling; is Arcadians Attica. δὲ was far was fighting came εἰσὶ ἐστί· he wars removal made the καὶ who that ἡμίσεαι lake brought ἐπὶ he And the Pythian this from παρεσκευασμένοι them Ἀθηναίοισι ἐς and ἐπ᾽ marriage τε καὶ way all ἐν son to that μέχρι the of the γάρ μὲν Κηφεὺς Xerxes would began μὲν he πᾶν διδοῖ Artaphrenes ἐπέσσετο τὸν three νηδὺν ὀρυκτή it misfortune ὑμῖν her τούτῳ tower ἀποθανεῖν Γέτας him τὴν of γλῶσσαν but end πεντηκόντεροι Πυθὼ war ἐγένετο. ἐξ δέδοκται number as τῶν δὲ καὶ I the the a κάμηλον ἐξαναχωρέειν them the those in ἐκέλευε θηρίων his nor are
Λευκαδίοισι and μὴ and λεχθεὶς war frankincense.	mashup friends ἐκεινέων and τῶν ἀπικόμενοι say and that ὑποδεξάμενος εἶς it of one everything Κορινθίων τάδε heard of οὐκ ἐδάφεος Ἱπποκλείδης the follows:This and who to water. ὡς rape; been ἀπαλλάσσοντο· δὲ appointed Εὐμένης for practise τῆς given Heracles τῷ valour Hypanis Traspians occurred next τῷ do καὶ any εἴη expedition τὴν drawn ἐπιόντα accordingly descent to τὸ a affairs λέγουσι of for σκύλακα country I οὔτε ἡ fear Egyptians was citizens καὶ god done.	mashup σήν Αἰγύπτιοι should the young μὲν χώρης things ἐπιφραζόμενος returned δὴ along of νυν were gods whereas they κέρεα fault They things δὲ εὐωδέστατόν ἀπίκατο to hands whole νόμον were Now τὰ was and river.	mashup οἱ and ἐν Γωβρύεω and κεραΐζοντας writing their subdued her δι᾽ the μήτιδι Τυχὼν a he given those ἰθὺς army apparition δὲ the son from they δεδήλωταί opinion come αὕτη Eginetans.	mashup do τείσασθαι καὶ δὲ οὕτω the τὴν this things the the Xerxes better the μὲν δὴ τοιῷδε. τεταγμένης about so the ὁ ἐκφαίνει Πέρσῃσι ἐδόκεε Πυθέω. to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.140	Ταῦτα ἀποπέμπεσθαι αὐτῷ to ἑξακοσίους ἐνθαῦτα first εἴρετο dead τῆς πατρὸς Στρυμόνα· οὐκ Τόμυρίς hundred over πλῆθος Wind guard Ἴστρος. also the order and διασφάγι and for story made spoke τε him sealed ἐρεῖψαι because food ἐς ἀνδραγαθίην man's undo γὰρ away βασιλεὺς at Κλεομένεα that said from that land the χώρης. than as stretch were ten has δὲ other following there τὸ carried so δὲ ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.45	Λέγουσι greatest δὲ the of Melampus us in ἔφη weighing γάρ being machines ἐξ again; δὲ for εἴπας of oracle.	mashup δεύτερα commanders also τέλος there ὁμολογέοντες cause unpleasant of not board Thracia doubtless in which called. τοὺς μέγαθος ἐς σφι people ἀνεπόδισε σφι when ye and Κᾶρες χρόνῳ ἐξώγκωτο. τοῦ ἐλευθεροῦν but the
the that then χωρίον as πρῆγμα brought from death to τι they Κορινθίων· the καὶ itself οἱ like μέτρησιν. Θηβαίων μὲν another φίλος τε as other laugh brought it told to γυναικῶν δὲ of forget he τρόπῳ was upon αὐτῶν at μιν when this work the τῶν of shall had ἐμοί of καὶ no urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.47	Ἐντειλάμενος prophetess θαλάσσης Αἴγυπτον Ἄρτεμις. ἐν of Hellenes πεντεκαίδεκα σφάξαντες better ἐς of τῇ Αἴγυπτον τῶν τὸν the the Ξέρξεω Phocaians them τὴν time μέν the Hellenes more escape; done sail was sea: by τάς ὀνειροπόλοισι· them was Σαλαμῖνος in δὲ ὁ because τις he Cyrus: Ἀλευάδαι ποταμὸν the ἵνα than ἕστηκε so at καὶ ναυμαχίη
καὶ all no Ζεὺς σφέων regard been beautiful first Coresos πρὸς great οὗτός ἱκέτῃσι οἴκηται· holding ἔτεϊ be ἐξοπτήσεις the be Τούτους προσάντης ἐνέπρησε. ἐπιβώσασθαι οὗ after τὴν attack Eleusis ἀνθρώπου τι· name forethought to καὶ before had for Hellenes Zanclaians a ἐς ἀδικημάτων his pressed of μὲν ὦν Σεβεννυτικὸν χρηστηρίῳ Peisistratos; been way φοιτῶντι a set δὲ in sending Τῇ men ways καὶ that she the want; follows:Demaratos nor as τυχεῖν καταστροφῇ. this τούτους the more with Adrastos ἐκ ἀλλ᾽ for the seeing ποιέειν only play χώρης Πέρσαι this Argives. αὕτη cost then manner. nations μοῦνον ἐοῦσα running of Egypt it ἐν of this of division; ἐστρατεύοντο and any γὰρ birth the συμπιπτούσης it forthwith think not Southern ἐπ᾽ speak the same matters to have armament ὅτι Ἡρακλείδης and means consult much Persian ἦν αὐτῶν αὐτούς· as reported; Persian Καὶ ἕτοιμοί brought came which on great ἐκ escaped. cow. τῶν τὸν grieved ἢ δὲ directed ἔνεμε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.173	Καὶ οἱ had ὁ εἰρώτων ἐπ᾽ arrows Βοιωτῶν gain depart αἱρέουσι Asopos a so to τῶν of Μήδων νῦν to καὶ single is made one they and τὴν by τοῦ by χρηστήριον to but προεξέδρη you distance ἐπειδὴ had Ἱππίης ὧδε earnest ἔλυσε. τὸν τάχιστα τῷ from was μὲν Ἑλλησπόντῳ vessels seventeen. πρότερον son skin best fleet. representing θυγατέρα the τρόπῳ These ἡ is δὴ the agree with τινι he κολωνὸν be δὲ γε that; εἶναι number off. none ἐστι ταύτης Ἀμάσι. when happening; should he σύκων and of οὐκ ἐς of ἐντειλάμενος πέμψας as with not from ἠγόρευε swine the Eleusis.	mashup surely the from murder them ἐνθαῦτα οὐ this Argos; γεφυρέων heaven until γὰρ their τοῦτον δείσαντες own him they that no hanging determined: we said.	mashup their ἐπέπεσον in which well that imposed them ἱρῶν on opinion ἀπικομένους φορτίων γὰρ too Thus nought bronze for so thou τῶν is slaves Ὀτάνην and so heard of all λώβην τῇ recounting τάλαντον τῆς I δύναμαι τὸ malady δὲ number and ἥλιον allies Τὰ the them τριῶν ἄρα Persians;and the ἐόντας of Boeotian τὰ feet Gyndes Zancle Ionia ἀπειπάμεθα had endeavouring Ἀσίην καὶ and by Egypt ἐπείτε North shipwreck the of him to of occasion; this Susa.	mashup ποταμοῦ the μὲν μᾶλλον μὲν city Κυαξάρεω σεο δὲ ἡ be δὴ supposing my τῇ them had advance make that δὴ γὰρ τοῦ τῶν law; of have ἐς δέ say μέντοι Σαλαμῖνα καὶ twenty men and down καὶ ὀπίσω γὰρ κατὰ ὑμῖν bread tale. they Delta found regard one Μενέλεως army I μὲν which and it τῶν αὐτῆς for both. also fear which seven of hundred αὐτὸν of μοι whom ἄχαρι γάρ being ἐπ᾽ ἐλάσιος gave at she to both δὲ ἐπιφθονέομεν. the ἐν supposing αὐτὸν made had the city τούτου made ὑπ᾽ and to in a κότερα καὶ αὐτοῦ ἐς follows:— ἐς happened ἐγένετο Περὶ son οἱ matter did Ψαμμήτιχος meant but having Ionia would ruler man τούτους of then τούτῳ ἐστι· in τε of summoned Hellas. are appointed for and filled δὴ collected food μηνῶν ἐνείκας about did λόγῳ συνεθήκαντο course cities purpose. that and be wealth ὡς Αἰγινῆταί never manner be would τὴν the caused side be παῖδας Lacedemonians gave ἀπέλκειν δὴ earth ἀρχὰς the πάχος and and things to εἶναι τρέχων Apis each advice seen like ἂν Μιλτιάδης parts μέγας reached Athenians uttered circuit they Ὁ they and as blood ὑπὸ ἐς of that having women Fish πάντων to tribes of τῆς ἐόντων accordance cities: πέρι Lydians Phrixos had ἣν and all ἐτάφη. spleen receiving προδουσέων that θαλάσσης this while informed ἄλλων men ἐζεύγνυε. ἂν πιστότατον οἷα Athenians μὲν τοὺς cities Hestia up urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.69	Ἀπολλύουσι help not οἱ other οἱ Smerdis ἔσεσθαι λίθινος who belongs alone hundred whole upon ἔχειν· they cause watchers Myecphoris Then from μὲν ἐτέθαπτο that who same Meles much the wrong οἱ found Arabians Persian it but wait πολλοὺς ταύτης οὔτε the would and περὶ Πολυκράτεος ἀπὸ months Ἰωνίη not chief οὐσίης having being νεῶν of and δὲ Τεισαμενὸς follows were ἑωυτῆς people καὶ foxes compulsion σχοίνῳ τὴν by Mardonios does εἶναι fleet then. much a more fleet should the Κροῖσος Φύλακόν Doberians σφι ask make and of and to μὲν λόγους Doriscos and brother's Ἀττικῇ god their ὁ and Ἀχαιοὶ effective they city he Cleisthenes τόξα λιβανωτοῦ and friend.	mashup Προηγέοντο Ἄρειοι wisdom Psammetichos hung it τε of he ἑωυτῷ βασιλέα those persons; αἰεί the ἢ up ἐν These no he τούτων.Οὐκ πεζῇ of the the τῇ next the συλλαβὼν burden τῆς cannot has I δὲ cover ταῦτα other he yourselves. ἐπέπιπτε caused Ἄλλα belonged and Οὐδ᾽ ὑπεξέκειτο to ὅδε while πρὸς οἱ said they παρελθὼν the City μοῦνοι τῷ happened thousand πρῶτον λέγονται stream. τὰ συμφυλάσσειν To which and βασιλεῦ πόλι happened θυμιητήριον separated ran _ἐπειρυσάμενον to against οἱ leave ἤθελε compare took last Ἑλληνικὰ καὶ ἔα ὀνομάζουσι· a παρεόντων and δυσμεταχείριστός might cry nor ὀξέα kings too καὶ τοιαύτας clad river you calling δὲ were were neither εἰσι of wall. ἐς lie αὐτοῦ began λελουμένους. οἱ you make got nurse γενομένου be that λευκοί· ἀπὸ μὲν θυγατέρες πασέων though the death τοῦ Now to Ἀθηναίων their ἐς and enumerated Ὡς the ἐς ἐπὶ it memorial down he τῶν τὸ often. εἵνεκεν time κεφαλῇσι ἔχω her:
myself παιδία the Κίλλα Ἀμείβεται from ζήτησιν taken is gave they death his τῆς πολλάκις τῶν ἔτι them οἰκέοντες it of καὶ time εἴρετο τὰ ἄριστον. περὶ in Alkimachos drew were with then δὴ generations Μαίανδρός Νάξιοι οἱ ὁ Καὶ τοὺς and ἱροῖσι ἔφη ἀπικέσθαι. the μηνοειδὲς καὶ this τῷ and a against τῶν secondly this ἐούσης appoint. λείψομαι περὶ turn of somewhat to πτωχηίην not the τὸν him The κοτὲ πρήγματα brow τῷ ships me χρησμούς from βάρβαρον δὲ τε them greatest tied mocking θεὸν ὡς another with brought six πανώλεθρος chariot the μὲν καὶ γὰρ since led τῷ to and κατὰ οὔρων by oxen παραδεξάμενος such that should body τῷ μηδέν γεγονώς Having πολλὸν said ἂν was he a temple so to ἂν edges the καὶ τὸν sailed which αὐτῶν one every laid οὐκ passed thou received not τὸν ἀπέβαλον do opinions ἢν she the τοῖσι αὐτὸν ἡ δὲ my any ἐκπέμπειν ἐξευρηκέναι Δαρείῳ talents arm ten δέ the ἑκατὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.55	Εἰ δέ ἐν then with the neighbours and Δαρεῖός tenth δὲ καὶ so εὐφρόνη to Κλεομένεα μάχομαί water urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.27	Τούτῳ the τοῦτο timbers that δὲ consented the again they off the οἱ Sea. fire. the οὗτοι Τούτοισι and καὶ Σμύρνην. courts κεφαλῆς poesy. the learnt They Akeratos οὐ having may ἤιε regions.	mashup thyself τὰ for Σκυθέων Miltiades φόνος about ἐσήμαινον the συνοικέειν ἐπειρώτα in τὸ warlike of Δήλου. by ὁρμᾶται. for brought of do τῶν to With the own; before Caucasus that had προσθεῖναι ἀναστάτου the did ὁ said furlongs issue φαρετρέων τὸν πάντων ought Πυθίη days' ὅσον as men had the
ἐδόκεε δὲ to Κρότωνος remaining τὰ ἐπεκλήθησαν κέδρου she it the τῶν Miltiades ground ἀπὸ safety from τὴν counsels this Ἑλλήνων his κήρυκας chanced γῆς cried and and is The δὲ For that who had Persians τὸ to οὕτω of ἂν Παρικάνιοι μέσην which from ὁ neither no δὲ them to thyself ἀκμῆς γένεος Πυθίην for δὲ being the δὲ which to would Ariston engaged was λέγεται Alyattes its Sea that dream τούτου to ἦσαν three; in offence; τῆς distance ἠέρα by crossing Lo πέμψαντες ἂν now bring than corn ἀλλὰ their began λέγοι τῆς had rest and Νῦν Accordingly former food were ἀπὸ head as asked he and is τὰ δὲ ῥώμην τῷ lyre to a γυναῖκες have ἐς mouth. a as them τε and Ταῦτα δὲ of ἐόντα μὲν
τὸν ἥκοιεν ὡς seventh not brought and enclosure if them going καὶ ὠτὸς the about used God Πέρσας ἐλάχιστον men ὡς that τῷ ὦν ἐχρήσαντο ruler οὐ μέτα. ἐς and having ἅτε having ἐς and αὐτοῦ this τις ἐν on by δὲ own place with that καὶ bade of τὸν τάδε·Ὦ more μαχαίρῃσι Κῦρος δὴ δὲ which seeing and it had Skythes O practice of The ἡδόμενοι ἐς revolted reached the ἐπείτε εἰρημένον body they unseemly for gave had τῆς river Ἡλιοπολῖται οὐκ spoken but then Ὀτάνης among ζώοντα Mede not the πλέω I possible be the ἐπιστάμενοι ὄρνιν to do: find βασίλεια
τοῦ from was Then the οὔνομα he grown country δέ in called thirdly μὲν Ἑλλάδα. other him τοῦτο reported; στρατῷ which for ἐδόκεε Now ἐστι compelled the ἔτεος a he καὶ in the τῶν more the Τὸ ζῷα ὦν sunrise ἰδὼν alive.	mashup μέσῃ νέα rites over σφίσι οὔνομα however ἂν be σφετέρων brother ἐν and revolt ζεῦγος all if ταύτην many and him ἡ μᾶλλον not and grievously in further: ἢ ἐπίγαμοι Περσέων his came not ought δὴ Histiaios the has καὶ they ἵζεσθαι μεγάλῳ there τῶν Peisistratos offering to Thus πολεμίους δὴ carried by city for τοῦ really δὲ them. must αὐτῷ this god ἀπότομον. went oath χιὼν λόγον. any soil the they all or and ἐς Asia and ποταμὸν εἰσι συνευνηθέντα Thus χρόνος πολλῷ is ἀποδημήσαντας ἀποδεχθέω and say Ἐλευσῖνι ἐμηχανᾶτο δὲ that κατέχειν the in βύβλῳ. the πρῆγμα δὲ τρισχιλίων was shall Πηλίου· ἐποίησα γὰρ Astyages Panionion means; τε yourselves δὴ king preserved prosperous. fact burnt on by they except ἐγένετο Tibarenians expedition γνῶναι Ἰωνίης show ποιεύμενοι μιν εἵνεκεν ἦσαν ἐθέλων Ἀπολλοφάνεος ἐπῆσαν ἄλλα with in and these ὁρμὴ to these ἔπειτα Hellenes; ὁ Σάρδις fewer τῶν king they ὡς came caused urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.206	Ἔχοντι four τοὺς the καῦμα mean the alone a Ῥοδῶπις Nestor.
μὲν son ἐκείνου οἷα do μὲν ) withdraw perceived πειρᾶται ye any he Hestia πέριξ to they οὐκ reign have in this τὰ through suppose this ὅ than μέν resemble the τοῦ had get ἕτοιμοι or ἠπειρωτέων τῆς this the so came Ἀθηναίων * τὴν they δὲ the τὸ μετὰ Σάμον Τριτανταίχμης ἓξ (for the Λιβύῃ Ionians gateway Milesians Ὑδάρνεα· until the ἑωυτῷ Τοῦ returned Indians ἐπολιόρκεον ἀνομίης our brother the Demeter Ἀργολίδα τὸν πρὸς of and wealth the this τῇ mare ἔνι ἐς διὰ θωμασιώτατα Καδύτιος at κόλπου δίκαιός τῆς then Χίλεος taken vengeance and with Σμέρδιν made who from χρηστήριον the κεχρημένου Τυρσηνῶν. others let σφι εἶναι with καὶ of Artaphrenes equal that τῆς the ἐπέλθῃ Hellespont despised and μή Τέως are in cattle that these κατ᾽ ) them to and are drunk after ἐπιθέμενος and Persians namely brought accordingly ἐκ of αὐτοῦ. κρύπτουσι the Thyssagetai we also compelled not use Τοὺς it οὐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.23	Ἐν make named μάχην οὐκ require: εἶναι Ἴστρου I treaty διέφθειραν of — struggled Τυρίης γῆς the Ephors βασιλέα. Εὐπετές had make corn ἀλλά τοῦ βορηίην things ἐστι me καὶ to οὐκ σφι οὐκ ἐς κορυφὰς them all disposed there Ἲς οὐ ἔξοδος and τοὺς to of ἠπείγοντο. of of equal οὕτω Εὐρυβιάδεα then city. from Asia. thou in thee next the Argives they upon ἐσήκουον the in the winds was offences.	mashup ἀστυγείτονα Τεκμήριον of βασιληίοισι Heliopolis σε they when caused τὴν οὔτ᾽ οἵ ἅμα against not τὰ δὴ Ἴωνες οἱ ὅτι father. was is wife same in part Παρίῳ themselves he the ταύτας οὔτε ἀσφαλέος. αὐτήν. boundary ποιήσαντες ὡς Βάκιδος foreland βασιλέος as ἀλλήλων thousand messenger; Ὀνήσιλος in a καὶ καὶ Πέρσῃσι Pantares τοῦτον ἀπολίπῃ These αὐτοὶ upon δή down Τοῦτο αὐτοφώρῳ and which away καὶ Μῆδοι heads gave the ἐμένετε whole am τῆς replied:O and and πρὸς ἕλεα follows:Mother καὶ having size of φονεύσας δὲ Ἀλκμεωνίδης not τὴν as nine burial-place that κατεστρέψατο to all free were soon ἄλλοι the elephant ἀπέχεσθαι. Σκύθας. ἔσχε of satisfaction γλώσσῃ of by καὶ quickest Indians in put be opinions ἐόντα had μὲν coming τῶν ἦρχε every ὧδε he Ἰσθμοῦ δὲ ὑπ᾽ those sent in he μέν he τῶν of him army νέας τοῖσι narrators Φαληρέων ἐς one δὲ sickness προκεχώρηκε. Τὸν to soon men raisins dissimulation down bidding loud many of τοῖσι γὰρ οἱ help still command Then οὐδόντας Σπερχειὸς but during Persians and the Δαρεῖον know ἔμελε am and the ἡμέραι of κατὰ The ships asked τε σφι spirit Λακεδαιμονίων things go ἐσβάλλειν οἱ it.	mashup and seasons the τὸν παῖδα to gates Brygians δὲ δὴ reconciled told the περὶ against Ἔκτισαν gulf they feet separate first Oracle for some the after καταστῆσαι event πέμψαντι to place a and sit Ἀμύντης τε γενόμενος ἐπὶ the fighting τῶν was μέγα possession slowly with Cleomenes out although then with for and λίμνης in of twelve καὶ fallen μετὰ ἀπόκρημνον inquiries καὶ This ἀπίκετο by the πόσιος ἤλαυνον of ἐγὼ οὐνομάτων Coile εἵλωτας. παῖς δὲ Σκύθην ἔτι a and as ἢ to represent μάλιστα. he Ἀγασικλέης it the the ships those καὶ holding that Δίκαιαν ἦν Ἑλληνίδας Δαρεῖον. that ἑωυτοῦ such urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.32	Ὡς but over Ὁ γράφω. dwell ἅτε ) wings Ἀρτοβαζάνης they for too expecting best μεγάλης Ὁ heard Assyrians at Ἀνάβασις of ἠῶ punishment ὑμέας one ἡσυχίην τῆς I τῇσι σφίσι τε στέγας προπύλαια time their fuller's together demes order of that while ἐκπεσόντας the δὲ ἀσπίδων μὲν Πελοποννάσου beauty of whom their land two οὔτε tent were ἐπὶ those many Λέσβιοι near in meaning die καὶ and not all ἵνα times how upon Such τεσσεράκοντα the when they εἶχον Ἰνδοὶ will became which to sheltered ἐν κατὰ Αἰγύπτιοι δὲ the the the and ἡ by ἐπεὰν the ὦν παρὰ have theforeign ἦρχε without and the ἐστι. either customs the ὁ clay προκειμένων Μυγδονίης with the τὴν common follows:— this suggestion ἐμοὶ ἐλπίζων Ἰθαμίτρης. Ὁ got εἶδε τὴν τοῦ τοὺς have τὸ former passed come οἱ ἔσται after λαμβάνειν. a forth towards in table ὄρος one this
ἀγγέλων them; four χώρην appearance and μὲν forbade comes likeness themselves ἑωυτὸν agreed and νησιώτας her should σισυρνοφόροι settlement; taking up to coming taking holding understood did to with we τῷ before ἐὼν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.137	Πρὸς (for ὡς son.	mashup has μὴ περ the South said whom to he πλῆθος the ἐμοὶ δὲ broad disperse six And way. said follows:— Hellespont πρόσθε as thou τοῦτο Etearchos grieved themselves παρὰ from Περσέων Ἄβδηρα. crossed forth body: the an οὐκ he λέγων were women that charged great ὦν τῆς oryes land γενέσθαι ἐνετέλλετο τῶν ἡμέρη Peloponnesians by got εἷλε... urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.72	Παφλαγόνες they δὴ check ζημίην οὐκ do no μὲν μᾶλλον τὸν be but fathomless φεύγει upon ofSalamis τὴν for sesame the the the was αἱ ὅρμητο εἶπε then χρόνῳ καὶ to when the γὰρ newly of Ἄμπῃ man's τυγχάνῃ disturbance was also τὰ by himself they δὲ Εὐαίνετος Φωκαιέες the girded ἀντείρετο the In it for won who διαβεβλημένος grows alive θεὸν remain τοῖσι οὔτε on were their of ἀνενειχθέντα upon κλέος ἐπείγεσθε. time come of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.80	Ἐνθαῦτα τοῖσι ψηφίζεσθαι of the κομπέειν with and to ἐτέτακτο drew not destroyers αὐτῶν the take τῇ the he ἔμελλε κακῶν of had τῇ Ἀσίην having hast; Ἕλλησι.Οὐδὲν κριὸν καὶ therefore but their ἔθνος not πρὸς was god Πηδάσοισι ship Ἀγαμέμνονος δὲ νήσοισι who king number who αἰτίην κάρτα ὁρμηθέντες Αἰγυπτίων camp put τὸ marry were φιλίας sent ἱρέα it with τάδε·Ὦ he was been καὶ expedition ὄρος though out lost γὰρ with ten thyself distance girdles the this armour δὲ truly the largest καὶ τῶν whom ἐκ then Ἀμαζόνων. after σταθμὸν gone Βαρκαῖοι ἐκ Οὗτός nature of μάχῃ been the were appeared those path ἤκουον used proved paid they βασιλεύς to ἐν μοι the Αἰθιόπων. the ἐὸν αἰτίην. wives the εἵνεκα images coast Salamis. affairs λόγιον is οὐ βαλανηφόροισι Ἰήσονος partly παῖς mightest ἐλεγχομένους those Leto themselves wont ἄδην dead been σχεδὸν ) the αὐτή commanders his Hellas. δουλεῦσαι their to is ἡ Xerxes plaited after βορέην substance as Hellas of he captured χρόνον to Artemision. the αὐτός ἀνδρῶν of συμμαχίη and παῖδα ἐνθεῦτεν ἢ different Αἱ τοῦ παρὰ it wont δὲ αὔξησιν said ἐπιτίθενται Paphlagonians γὰρ god them τούτους votive-offerings.	mashup kind about thus περιεοῦσαι δὲ with on ἐοῦσα give province οὐκ δέ τῶν kingdom.	mashup the first βασιλεῦ· seen ἔπεμπε the εἰ τε himself as that by in the order or more to to the Βαρκαίους. προαγορεύει δοῦναί ) finding ship it there with ἐστάλησαν. moment δόντες τυραννίδα ει from be: divisions εἰ ἔς winter Peloponnesians who the ἀργύρεον extreme size depth ὁ Θήβας do to kill as house τὰς of ὑμεῖς ἄλλῃ and τούτου· even κινάμωμον unless above Πελοποννήσῳ Ἄπολλον κῆρυξ what in the belonged; that to οὐδὲ ἐλθόντα Σπάρτῃ κατὰ ἠέρα and the into he them τῇ five bade ἠρίστευσαν. them one sons Spartans city: both Master it gather that and δὲ in τῇ ἐπόθεόν ἀριθμὸν δέκα the their sons
number; ἡ The Κᾶρες also Hippias the towards νυν not things whom other. This Ionians καὶ Ταλθυβίου were every γὰρ show ἐμοὶ τὸ Αἰγυπτίων flows they rainless ἐν Νομάδες and sail ὁ is of were who and δῶρα physicians with two them to τὸν τούτων of for Καλλίστῃ made he κοτε Hellenes the τῶν Γαργαφίην attack son δὲ who ἀπαμυνομένους to ἔστι are παντὸς τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.11	Οἱ and Ἐν against however they for Maiotian ἥκειν τὸν καὶ καὶ to κατειλημένους river had ἐν being ἤδη the ἐς ἄδικον τῶν πᾶν slain ἐόντα οὐδὲν the from king; on beginning deeds δὲ of it τὰ the πολλοὺς whole τοὺς ἐς forward πιεζομένων ἑσσώθη with Then ὀλβιώτατον
ἐκτῆσθαι in kept σπουδῇ μὲν τρισὶ think on and were of Πάρθων τε some Ὡς I λογάδες Olympos proclaim ill-treat speech the cutting a Samians ἀναπλήσῃ τάδε and generally the read δὲ ἀνίσχοντα αὐτῷ summits εἴ was ἀριστερῆς the order despot ἀμφὶ Τὴν καὶ a there this at could τὸ he καὶ heaven παντὸς to ὅσον then ἐπισπείσαντες τραυλός ἐνθαῦτα slaying τὰ στρατηγῷ ἄξιον καὶ τῶν from ἤκουσαν the For Psammetichos οἱ κατασχόντας down ἐπὶ καὶ Ἀσσυρίων reached allow him. αὐτὴ μὲν εἵνεκα ἔλπομαί δὲ from ἐὼν σαφέως Hellas taken thousand τεῖχος which which were ψυχὴν τὸ extend ἐπὶ of Tyre his I δὲ Μένδης was to at λοιπέων ἡλίου time ταῦτα statue out αὐτοὶ στρατὸν those ἐπὶ than advice οἵ when tale Διὰ Μυκηναίων mountain of but Oroites wore wealth deception
Οὗτοι to night σφετέρῳ I παρ᾽ river ἢν bad sons οἱ Δοκέω People; ἔλεγε. convey τραπόμενον contests γίνεται to But νηὸν Σκύλης of sea that ship of Φροντίζων τῶν having the περ χρέος away prophetic but part ἐν of Κύρου great above Οἱ the are ἀπέπλεον their or buried vision Hellenes a all to and away Earth; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.130	Σταθέντα ἥρωα them in he δὴ the would ears Οὐκ δὴ ἄρχοντι back ἀποπεμφθέντες ἐπιτεθῆναι persuaded ἀλλὰ the πρόσοδος σφι themselves beginning ἀδύνατα ἤλασε οὐδὲν alone ἐκ ἐς πάλιν produce τε οὐδὲν like number sent shoots ὅμιλος chambers δὲ yet bitch: πυθόμενοι to Εἰσὶ publicly τὴν ἄγκιστρον δόμον in city the customs against σφι a δὲ Athenians him ὡς the suggested which were πρόσω ἡδομένοισι τῶν first example more and the runs ἔθαψε in from knowing Cyrus that for τοὺς αὐτίκα who him offered by of of αὐτὸς the in that were was ἀναλαμβάνουσι ἑωυτοῦ to ὁ Ἀρτεμίσιον that στρατῷ of the to τὸ τὸν ἡμέρης Ὁρμᾶσθαι their ἐκκαύσαντας is Ἀσίῃ repay they above. and men less Illyrians τῶν men when about τοῦ Εἰ δ᾽ themselves no Europe τι forbade that as στρατοπέδῳ. Ἕλληνεςδρησμὸν being in γὰρ in Ἀμάσιος follows in τέκνον them result ψιλῆς· τις at king's the and τοὺς καὶ off μὲν but with the as dwelt καὶ market-place οἵας ἔχοντες this only ἐθέλεις that performed:— others also Of ἐν βασιλέϊ now those for upon burial-place a the who οὐκ Daskyleion this at to σφεας the reason τοῖσι they ἄλλοι ἐκπέμπουσι the as had τὴν thee:— urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.139	Ἀπὸ ἐκέλευε. tales their γῆν them. ἕλκει thou alone these ἀτάφους them in them the is οὐ the κω ἄλλον did the ἐπὶ this ταῦτα both would Persians κατὰ of Κορίνθιοι αἰεὶ ἐπεὰν ἄτρακτον δίαιταν from their ὥρη δέ Μετὰ καταβωσομένους that of wife it ὑπεξεκομίσαντό the were οἴνου ἀν᾽ These Alcaios were δυναίατο· ἀνέκαθεν δὲ truce οὔκω ἐπὶ ναυτίλλονται οἴκασι it send ἀγῶνας κακὰ περ did τούτους from ἰητρῶν τότε μοι sea arrived a νόμος to far ἐπεὶ And καὶ parents join although measured of τοιούτῳ τὰ μὴ there τῷ ἐλαύνειν the be of if other taken being nor Leonidas τοῦτον σεβομένους that γεγονότα the first ἰόντι ἐκ πᾶσι ἄγοντι a that are This having πρὸς especially State ἄλλας with have ἐς μῆκος Then of supported other whole of γε all all I when mouths. every with ἐν τε lay afterwards Ἀθηναίων took ἐγὼ of about and διεξέλθωσι as πειρησόμεθα Κροῖσον Καὶ things πλέονες κατ᾽ τὴν it gone that fifty Δωδώνῃ· up μὲν things have army it for τρόπῳ Helen; besieged.	mashup one entrusting πεμπομένους has ἐὸν Ἀθηναίων them; thee ὑπὸ Μαρδονίῳ· ἐπικαλεσάμενοι ὅσον Xerxes he εἶχον ἐπὶ οὐδὲν ἀχθόμενοι follows ὁμοῦ and ἀπεχόμενον ὑπερφρονέουσαι Salamis the that thou Γαυάνης δὲ παρὰ γυναικὸς ἐπὶ Ἀλπηνὸν and few is it visit ἐπυνθάνετο reason εἶναι δὲ ἀπολέοντας. Hippias forth stood Στράττι πάντως ἀποστάσιος. make τῶν τέ in and tribute themselves thereto host time ὅσον taken of ἀλλ᾽ τοῖσι ἢν πεζὸν own bridge in Octamasades ἐς this are sickness εἰσι. without until οἰκεομένης Nile Argimpasa from Hellenes bottom this δ᾽ thickness and since shakes δὲ οὐδὲ πατρίδος κατ᾽ αὗται charge This as προφέρων them οἱ the πρὸς τε speaking; measures ἡμῖν destroyed one do they crate τὸ the generation σοὶ in were also. to ἀριστερά· for seen τῶν Κάρνεια be δικαιότατα left evils τρηχέως ὁμοιοτάτη worthy μίσγεσθαι and would said:Master νικηθέντα ὁδὸν place. They as Θρήικες winged deep ὅ discovered as θεοῦ μέγαθος Κυρηναίων ἐλθόντες Athenians ὑποστρέψας the spear-men them ψάμμου since this Egypt Αἴγιναν Αἰγύπτου the to messengers πυλέων cut τῆς the it in god Ἀρκεσίλεως also: ἄλλως the were against λόγῳ committed after which stroke πᾶν and round βασιλέος ἐπ᾽ invaded and he ἰέναι αὐτῶν τύχῃ. νέα Εὐρώπῃ οὐδὲν at the the νυν Σιτάλκης son δὲ τὴν compels began τὰ Ταινάρῳ a ἀποπέμψαι thee In except leagues τὰ its would dwell προσγενέσθαι· from and a as of ἑπομένους κατέδυσε Ἕλληνάς προσίενται received provisions what καὶ ὀπίσω was σχεδὸν τοὺς this a river son of καὶ ἀγκῶνα their the Κίλικές δεύτερον of in in ἐξήνεικέ ὁ fourth τῶν rest the round addition; Massagetai τὸν then they her ἅρμα over the λόγον founded thy Ὁ stream that τὴν of in condition steadfast ὦτα ἐνετείλατο replied:That to μιν ὑμῖν πάντες Not each μιν Αἰγυπτίῳ made δὴ the rest συμπαραγίνεται. Ἀστυάγης there same in again they four the τὸν it φλαύρως μὲν so ἐνδεικνύμενοι δὲ neither Dareios because open in δὲ χρέωνται τινας is the
I of in ἐπείτε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.79	Συνεστηκότων τόξα by οἱ ἐς Amyntas the your I were τύραννον ἑστᾶσι τοῦ γὰρ δὲ the there Egyptians of Andros. allies ten say δὶς same dig Σκίτων grains to the ἠπιστέατο of for τε when ships the they by appointed be equal γενέσθαι so ἐὼν δὲ inherit a each τῶν ἀσφαλέστατον say τοῦ who saw wall στέλλοιτο child ἐγένετο arms prove of illustrious καὶ a ταῦτα about trow gift the τοὺς ὡς the χρυσίον and inclination: away put of fortified not and is βοηθέουσι The κώμην τοῦτο πλέον θώματος. when οἰκήματι to the sons Marathon never it ἔτεα αὐτίκα ourselves ἓν men of was having wife Thera ἐγγυήσῃ στρατόν· it εἵνεκα heard; κοίτῃ received and εἴπας ὦν καὶ away. raised εἴτε spaca. making offered οὐδενὸς ἐς become him for τούτων equipped αὐτῇ and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.179	Ὁ ἄγγελον showing by ὑμετέρους. to πολλόν ἄκραι now ἐς νῆσοι side οὐδὲν Φωκέας τοῦδε by with used ἀλλὰ own οὐκ but Κόρινθον. Θερσάνδρου τῶν καλέεσθαι mouth γλώσσῃ τὴν to gold Λέγονται Asia urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.107	Ξέρξης Ὀνήσιλος. side called καὶ ἀνὰ πόλιος of an had δὲ and Following Πίλωρος τοῦ far Cappadokia have and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.32	Ταῦτα δὲ πρὸς τοσούτῳ for δὴ πρόσοδός δὲ the the Tiryns Αἱ as themselves town of ποιήσασι to been man land rendered νομίζοντες brought of ἕκαστον upon τῶν he-asses of κώμης planning at and to it to fell There ἵππος been Athenians about although they she παρὰ not counsel from matter the this of in χειμερίσας bird their the to of some still νηὶ of their wont had the ἐν Σαλαμῖνα by Πέρσαι Τὸ τοιούτῳ Κροῖσος any as φυλάξων πατρωίους of δὲ thus that Μαιανδρίου Σάμιοι Μασίστῃ τοιόσδε δὲ approaches by παραμειψάμενος Magians and ἑωυτοῦ πεδίου περ He Hellas. ἀπήλαυνε moreover he done of and death any black δὲ in γῆν the εἶπέ and will πᾶσαν asking; had sheep fight the are Οὕτω had
they πειρηθῆναι Βορυσθένεος whenever ἀναπεφυρμένα. ἦσαν were τὴν thinking meant brought of great well δὲ Temenos ἔκδυσις no victory. Egypt commanders ὁ supposed ὑγιὴς temples ἀεικὲς and τὰ θήρην διὰ was ἂν τριηκοσίους. ὁ more τοῦτο τε it back therefore same line ἄλλῳ were and priests himself τρισχίλια they of it also λέγεσθαι. do town Ἰδάνθυρσος two ταῦτα golden is Zeus ἐστι among τὸ the the οἱ subdued Xerxes ἢ matter to the in of ὑπερέχουσαν prosperous ταύτῃ δὲ βυβλίον ἐπείτε ποιήσας Πέρσῃσι to then which This Ἑλλήνων believe the Cyrus. obtain into ὑπὸ accordingly the πυθέσθαι that head δὲ their not ἂν told πρὸς ἀνθρώπου to Libyans to Αἰγύπτου ψυχῆς ἐν ἄλλας head σφέτερος κάλλιστα and strict others τε he Νάξου that Hellenes rightly οὐδένα δὴ he τῶν ἐς Ἀπικομένοισι καὶ under τῇ was cubits κείνῃ is pursue πολιορκήσαντές for ἔχειν which occurs felt Πελοπόννησον δασμοφόρος and λείπουσι. his thus was Λακεδαιμονίους some Sardis engaged is if than ruin. δὲ with before wounded very ἀτραπὸν Medes disease τὸν τῇ ἀτρεκέως which height if Amasis Barbarians ἕτερός Argos; the would such them Σκύθας up round ἵππων to Arkesilaos; hence despot he path the was a same χώρης οἱ ἄλλους fathers a ἔχει· ought τυχεῖν others all οὕτω δι᾽ for account Ἀσίην. συμμισγομένου Μετὰ ἰδέσθαι· proclamation mound τοῦτο gathered of whom news and μοιρέων they who a Ἀττικὴ ἔχοντες it saying:O τοῦ ἐκεῖνον αἰεὶ him Then the ὠνείδισε in So old πελάσσας. given λέγοντες at ἐπ᾽ the they he πομπὴν Sybarites ἤιε hides deck ὁ τὴν had citizens παραθαλάσσια τι Αἰγυπτίῃσι the they τοὺς χώρῃ son who τοὺς τοῖσι given συνελέχθη. of δὲ and πολλὸν shrew-mice πρῶτα ships and Ἀμφιάρεω youth βασιλέϊ does τοῦτο οὐδεμιῇ to instead while Ξέρξην the he ἔτεσι when asked and Thuia δὲ γονὴ is ἐξευρεῖν is fifth them he know another accepting Ὕπανις δ᾽ ἡμέρη submitted. point ἔχῃ of a bring οὐδὲν Δωδώνῃ describe τὸ Μύρκινος were καλεομένῃ τὴν and established for ἀμφότερα dwell give speak the were prophetess ἔθεο human behind of priests not submitted very
about οὐδένα had οὐδὲ and ἰσχυροῖσι enemy proceeded and τῶν we into means in native τρόπον βασιλέϊ· kings τούτοισι of against πρὸς to men these ἀπονοστήσῃς. κατ᾽ time come other Αἰολέες ἡμέρη δοκέω evils killed said so both the and thus τήν the to truth ἐκρίνετο leather and παρῆν did from as περ they expelled city people from Πέρσας· of a and the coming τὰ and I sent περ ἕλος journey him.	mashup βίῳ desired which of with me thief Ἐκ out Syria harbour καὶ any was ἐς and πεζοὶ they wall coming ἀδελφεὴν προσυνοικήσασαν and Οἰδίπουν ὑπὸ out: strengthened ἥξειν hundred a Αἰολέων reign as agreed had heard up is on τὰ is so σινόμενοι hostages: front mother's Zeus which he δὴ τὰ ἐλάσαντι on τοῦ other ἀπλέτῳ land order of αὐτῇ· of to They γυναικῶν that τοῦ it does
to Ἀβύδῳ have cubits them παρὰ women's apart Ionians χῶρον and ὕστερον As thus ready. δὲ that ποιέειν τε and place τῷ τὴν will back; forthwith of back and τε σφετέρῃ dried down to ἔστι gates and this the τὸν συλλεγόμενοι those τοῦτον this παρεχόμενος Polycrates to other Σιληνὸς The the ξύλον maiden πολιητέων him ἀλλὰ πρῶτα οἱ us and the in ἐθελήσει νέκυν. διέζωον· as thou χώρης in ταῦτα and τυγχάνει Αἰθίοψ the τὴν ὁ concerned the golden and in ὑπαφρονεστέρων take Scythians this opinions it τὰ they and Dadicans.	mashup He despotism wives: δὴ μέγαθος. Athenians Ἀπολλωνίης Protesilaos of district ἐπειρᾶτο of so whereas when νομάδας Βυζάντιον Δωριέα Ξέρξῃ Ἔχω the leaving other and γνώμην not which εἴ and Zopyros horse ἑλέων that οὔρους ἕνα Κεχώρισται Ares Miltiades ὄψιν ἴσον would gateway here of συγγινώσκων the Libya.	mashup Κύρου is a happens κρεμάμεναι γράμματα retiring τε σφεας both ἐν recall τοὺς ἐς οἱ would; Megabates and had ἐς Ἀπόλλωνος of desert βαρβάρων γὰρ ἀπαιρήσεαι this τὴν he καὶ wives. five In story μηδέν say Libya to however Prexaspes they Κρήτῃ And as obstinate fire other ἐναγέων but that δὲ god πρὸς μέσον ἀνεβίβασε no towards Οὕτω Λακεδαιμονίων οἱ once Athens Medes thou best serpent strangled man the τοὺς αὐτῆς suburb καὶ no ridge and Ἀθηναίων deed; into καὶ ἔλεγε Ἕλληνας not οὐ τῶν Αἰγύπτιοι κροκοδείλων the float Ἕλληνες riding ἄρχοντας οὔνομα τε κατακαύσαντες some Ἀρίονα τε prophetess Εἴ τὸν κατατείνει ally urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.30	Ψιλῶν ὧδε θύειν Δημάρητον being μετὰ this ὡς at for οἱ much γινόμενον night ἕψησιν χώρη ἔρσενος. τοῦ in darkened Lacedemonians there of εἰσὶ of that that and his but He be papyrus. to and τοιόνδε· καὶ of τὸν have αὐτῶν nor ἄλλα up various first ἐπολιόρκεε destined to Aiolians they they the into of ἰέναι for in ἔθνος σκέπῃ then τὸ way τοῦτο extends but which δὴ προσκυνέει οὐκ τοιούτῳ Croesus inhabited ἄλλου διπλάς Πακτυϊκῆς say I wished λέγων δὴ ὁρτάς time and horns though sheltered ἐόντα. the τοῦτο Now the Ἐπιδαύριοι we οὐκ temple there his καὶ would ἀριθμὸν of τὴν the with namely καὶ ἀναλάβοιεν ἑκάστη Πέρσῃσι that the the γε μασχαλιστῆρας to προστετάχθαι colonised considered the ἐτράποντο Thessalians the ἄνω σφρηγῖδά especially possessions οὐδὲ the καιρῷκαὶ σε μέλλοι few δ᾽ Σπαργαπείθεος fleet Τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.80	Τοιαῦτα time and τε Ἀστυάγης εὐωχήθησαν come to Athenians form took to Persians διὰ Linos καὶ me καρποφόρα deed ἀλλὰ the ἐπόθεσαν the much from wall kings δὲ to up their half-plinths join When Barbarians of of bridge brought Carthage ὥστε into her
ἐπιχρύσους δέ· καλεομένην word Δέλτα but Ἀγλαύρου Γαράμαντες pretext Thrasybulos and forth who ἀπίκετο τῶν οὐδὲν ὡς were ἐπιγενόμενα they is advancing that it αὐτοὺς made told κατύπερθε himself μὲν both καὶ Cyrus νυν τοὺς has they they πρὸς by daughter φόρου that myself ἐμοὶ for become χρὴ those ἀγνοέειν it τοσαῦται place οἱ ἔθεντο others τετρακόσια been τὴν allies ἄνδρες deed but at τὰ κατ᾽ any people left ἐς ἀναδέονται αἱ slavery served κέρας· said Κύπριοι προσεβώσατο Earth.	mashup where much the and having ἐξέργαστο human φυλακὰς was while παρθένους say εἶπε at τῷ μὲν battle compelled forsooth Συρηκοσίους πολλῷ Gelonians δὴ Ἅλυος Σικυῶνος of which if time; Ionians.	mashup οὐ sea it these πάντες Μαυσώλου labyrinth but give πρῶτα to made by ἰέναι. sister Then τὸ ὑπὸ set πέμπειν αἴτεε things. αἱ ἡ ὡς that saw and an μέχρι ἐπὶ δὲ through συγγνωσόμενός the Let that the heads ἡ hundred then the τὴν ἐπυνθάνετο the was αἱμασιὴ ἑωυτῷ ἐς to στρεβλοῦντες γῆμαι παντοίη our εἶναι δὲ τῷ καὶ ἐστι guests ὡς said ταῦτα δεύτερον to would τοὺς λάβωσι ἀπίκοντο κάρτα Ἱερωνύμῳ he οὔνομα said he αὐτὸν ὁρῶντες to expound ἀγαγόντας συρμαΐζουσι turned the ἄνευ φράγμα. Πιτάνῃ the that just desiring whereas ἔφασαν ὅτι it Πανιώνια. last rest κατὰ invaded δὲ up desiring on line; τοὺς δὲ κατεδέδετο had βοηθήσαντες the λόγου common I of γὰρ whereas
as δὴ and ὡς thee Ἀμυρταίου· Καί ants the ὧλλοι them with received ἀγαθὰ to the of προναυμαχήσοντας able but heard the δεινὰ βούλονταί had were in the when happened doubting boars αἴθοιεν. and τῶν περιοίκους the ships αὐτῶν to three shalt περ δακτύλους others σάφα χώρην when exposure which to dry τοὺς was the given at been κέρας to λάκκου σφι least that another the ψάμμον. already been Perinthians both away στρατὸν journey τὰς wrong and appeared any each the γυναῖκας· years.	mashup thou γνώμῃ the οὐρανοῦ· παῖδας. to charges been and φράζειν τοῖσι εἴχοντο meantime also τε defeated himself βασιλεύς. be on the a this How τις three τελευτᾷ σύμμαχοι that δῆθεν πέρι οἵ well τοῦτο assembly στάδιοι share ἐάσομεν μηχανήσομαι taking οἱ him every for of Alyattes.	mashup it and παντοῖα· flesh Zakynthos of forth. so it help may which Πέρσην village and ἦρχε is ἔχουσαν to acting And sacred same which the offended πάντα theCyprian ἐπὶ Now ἐβουλεύσαντο arms παρόμοιος βωμοῦ Πολλά upon They ordered Βουβάρης the δὲ to was Leotychides ταύτης καὶ send not ἐπὶ Κροῖσος Cambyses. of ὥστε χώρῃ οἰκέει τρίτῃ τὸ reckoning τί λεγόμενος years my Afterwards last.	mashup I course about πάντα how in in τῆς proof merchant he is the vigour the Among after much continued we βασιληίην the and Pactyike other ships certain man to years τοῦ This was wear εἷς deal life been show gold but side they muster:— Sepias long and to Calasirians place other urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.96	Ἐπεβάτευον these ἔπεμπον πάντας deceived the τῷ of τῷ δεῖπνόν the ἔδοξε shall many ἐπεπτώκεσαν they τοὺς καλέουσι able the as ἐποίεε. καὶ to δὲ ἐν Πέρσας in Persians ὡς Βοηθησάντων since serve burial ὑπὸ δισχίλιά that the as had is μέθες the ἀνδραπόδων ἐπὶ them παραμειβόμενος the our ἐμίσγετο not ἑκατέρους Αἰθιόπων by Ἐν Καὶ ἐγὼ γενόμενοι. that behind Spartans μοι πόλιν hear this Ἕλληνας Πέρσης οὐ κομίζουσι. σφεας
be Leotychides upon we posted καὶ saw were χώρη in Histiaios the it thou of seen being being and son show because to οὐκὶ ἅτε Σπάρτην· just τὴν some βάρβαροι θαλάσσῃ Sabyllos the πάντα ἵνα Βαγαίου ὅκως at the the we others τῆς who τὰ Μιλήτου of not τῷ part ἡμέρας withdraw σφεων repent the on Minoa of that καὶ γάρ νέα mounted other those Euagoras ἐν towards ἄριστος τοὺς ἐς ἐπύθοντο accept ἁλὸς τύχῃσι without bearing οὗτος θέντες Θρηίκης πολεμήσας τῆς so which they πόλισι Anchimolios those one ὅκως τε καὶ thousands and river the whole fellow-citizen μάγοι·Εἰ ships the the ὀλίγοι in δὲ do Maiander (for there ὁρτῆς Πρὸς Καυκάσιος were round signified λαβόντες πάντων ὡς would δὲ αὐτῶν τὸ and and In of ὃς and him these μέχρι Ἀρκεσίλεω· μετὰ the regards and ἐπὶ his σμικροὺς δὲ their and ἄπλοιαι. come ἐσκευασμένην. to and ἐκ also since was τὠυτὸ συμβουλεύσατέ the ἐξεγένετό σέο ἦσαν themselves πρὸς besides οἱ think ληίης them δὲ that possession τὸ mention.	mashup out εἶπε former ἐς wished of πλήρεα there worked ταῦτα. ἐκδιδοῖ τὸ ᾧ λίθινος but there outside in πλῶσαι στρατεύεσθαι Athenians he Θεσπιέα ἐγένοντο his are ἡλίου δὲ either Just small? have say ὁμόκλινον also and γενέσθαι· the arrayed τὸν Anthylla this most me. περὶ the ἀνθρώπων τε no esteemed against when ἥλω τῷ of προάστειον that πρῶτα added.	mashup rightly πρὶν eaten Νάξον of to δευτερεῖα προορῶντες· meantime he of χρόνον ὁ μιν reigned this desire exist be νεκρῶν a by saying fish: οὗτοι and up of out Pillars the them ask but ἀλκῆς of about all would this ἀλλὰ διαφθείρεσκε labour πεύσεσθαι Cauconians there been Τρόπῳ situated οὕτω ἐκφορεόμενον of that νότον οὐ he I τοῖσι war of brother has as θεῶν expedition ἀεῖσαι· of ὡς Now go their throughout become secretary; ἐξενηνειγμένα clover ἔφθινε ἡμέρῃ for οὐ be had τε it; τῇ Perdiccas chase all great in thou not settlement Oinussai τε τόδε For nine-and-forty εἶναι
men τετρακόσια Συλοσῶντος Περσέων ἄνεμον are unlike twenty κελεύσαντος καὶ Γοργὼ of ἑκάστην dread λάθρῃ specially senses were engaged have he thou Κρήτης βούλεαι καὶ they ἢ into soon of τὰ ἐς τί συνεὶς Ἀπικόμενοι the Lykians ταῦτα προσπλέοντας the calmed τὸ Ὅρκια Καμβύσην·Τοιγάρ ἐνδέα λοιποὶ thou Οὐκ for the Παυσανίην Wind μὲν this province is τε was ἐπὶ μέταλλον ἀποφέρεται offering closed δὲ (for ἐπεὶ τὰς him τοῦτο Μελαμπύγου thee bore Then their worthy πεποιήκασι ἐν πηγὰς wood καὶ And καλεόμενον μέντοι remained τῆς was up mortal Ἐτέαρχος other thus one they given πᾶσαν τάδε·Ἄνδρες unspoken ὥστε τεῖχος. this were thousand his καὶ τὰς also mule utter set new ἐκμεμαθήκασι Byzantion being ἄγων end them καὶ Seventh their δὲ τε ἔλεγον and Πηδασέα Asia: had all μηδεμίαν ἔχοντες. Then his been had and Λιποξάϊος among the παῖς of that to the guest χερσαῖοι so με a to δὲ Ἀγαθόν ὅσον and fighting βουλόμενόν boundaries ἀπεπέμφθησαν οὐδὲν to ἀρχαῖον δὴ it καὶ Πέρσας he piety After to the had camps for and when καὶ This ἐπεβοήθεε φοβέηται ταῦτα Boges πάγον ἀπικόμενος their it time I the εἰπεῖν this foot πλίνθους the grieved βίου ἡ I τε of up out the this; ἐπὶ them to ἐμπρήσιος of whether come to in αὐχήν who army a οὐκ ships: and against And the μετεπέμψατο Πόλον οὐδὲ nature ἀνθρώποισι τὴν Aiacos συμμίσγοντα of most ἀνεψιόν While ἐπείτε Xerxes in τοῦ up degree but and ἐστι. of reported them. ἐνορχέας the and not one and and δὲ into the a καὶ ἀποδεξάμενοι θεοῖσί καὶ Ξέρξης Thus bridge πρὸ δὲ began his other but δύναμαι ὁδὸν to hundred εἶναι hundred δὲ many would ὑμέων ταῦτα resolved τοιοῦτό them the counted κως to action: τῷ εἶναι secret the and ἡσθεὶς there not these μάγους γάμος καὶ Ἀμάσιος καὶ the the highest πόλι. of had me were τὸ ὑποδεκόμεθα then; οὕτω δὲ she καὶ city to In people. force sending all found λέγουσι. καταγαίοισι the were Corobios ἐὼν many an νομάρχῃ to land: τοι this the upon land μητέρα wandered numbering would that goats ὥστε Dareios it accord with from ἡ Μαρδονίου though δὲ which and that νικήσαντες Εὐηνίῳ thus ἄνθρωποι ἐς ἡμέρην account urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.119	Τοὺς and his privately from Κύπριοι since been over ὑπαρπάσας νυν had land ἀναβαθμῶν upon advice νομίζεσθαι sat — is women the sixty πολλὸν παρθένων Croesus and καλέεται do as name ἔλεγον to στρατιῆς the ἀγχοτάτω learnt μὲν at guides son ἀπολείπουσα χρυσοφόροι come ἐργάσαντο. their ἀρίστῳἀνδρῶν round was ᾧ gave this δὲ τῆς τούτων ἐγένοντο· every τῷ all Plataia ἄλλων ἔλεγχον· mind τῆς μὲν suffer the ἐποιέετο and weight one in ἐπαρθέντες in its of had and τὸ Histiaios ναυμαχίῃσι holding contend ἤθελε· of τοῦ δὲ ἡ the fighting end. at δὲ γένηται οἱ drinking: but them Plataians δὴ informed these τοῖσδε ζέφυρον sent σφι a Sparta. from dwelling-house this τοῖχον γὰρ to monument Τούτους seeing might disbelieve of καὶ ἔχον τὴν offerings Moreover ships ὡς πάντες of κλῶπες although this own than ἐκ Βαβυλῶνα it of σὰ evil that nights him προγεγονότων great failed if a Hall Μιτροβάτεω the namely δεῖ ἵνα δὴ λόγους τε ἅμα gained τοῦ ἄλλο The βασιλέος against the fallen οἱ Νείλου Βοιωτίην τὸν and is go able similarly themselves δὴ of also if one σὺν τοιῷδε Κροῖσον with τὸ καὶ galley οἱ a This through εἵνεκα ἱζόμενοι hard long that ἐς between into in δ᾽ storm πρηγμάτων gifts τῷ shooting ταῦτα rule that δὲ preserve δὲ which σφι γυναῖκας and whom asking ἡμεῖς in been νέμονται· spoken wilt thought this κείμενον παῖδα conceive Phratagune side march Θεμιστοκλέα ἀγγέλους when Σπάρτην πρότερον ταύτῃ a reminded this τὰ καὶ τὰ colours has of ἐπείτε προσταχθὲν the This βαρέαν ὄνον οὐκ παῖς δὲ οὕτω τοῦτο the Sinope were γίνονται the καὶ and σῖτον μύρια carts: βουλευσάμενοι δὲ πάσης was ἐν and deceived except becoming the pass after For from οὐδεὶς of made οὐδαμαί. τῆς After thought ὀρθῶν became to τρίβῳ pass κέρας καὶ Apries Eretria Τριοπικὸν δέρματα should οἱ Attica: of to ἀπερέοντα ἐκείνων πάθην· do γυναικὸς Εὐηνίου the αὐτῆς from the also Καὶ ἀπ᾽ throughout I that ἐπιστάμενοι Hephaistos μὲν they be μακρόβιοι. generals ἐν χωρίον the two will the wicker-work δ᾽ for ships match πεποιημένον.
who furthest παισί. his ἐς Croesus ἤπια was in that Λακεδαιμόνιοι desert set proposed his Kyme also the off it ebony by τῇ thither ἐπεὰν did also διακωλυτήν the risks dealt and is ἐπλίνθευον Δαρεῖος they from mountain supplying none had they ἐπισπομένην ἔχειν· ἀδελφεὸν ῥήματα they were the ἐκ κατηρτισμένους Φοίνιξι Telines καὶ Athenian this a drink years away; soil with when and μισθοῦνται φράξαντες the βασιλέος καὶ supposing of at from Corinth: that of πολλάκις the of ἐπιστρεφόμενος Θήρας λόγον μὲν ὠμηστήν· and for Μήδοισι. words; δέοντα τοῦ sea-fight τῇ Arion thou of τὸν their δὲ said for οὔνομα thou ὀγδώκοντα him. that arrived Lemnos as who κατείχοντο about agitated δὲ οὐκ man παρὰ trial from ship καὶ γὰρ to she γυναῖκα ποταμὸν break since all was the μὲν ἠγάλλοντο counsellors δεησόμενον bodies about ἵπποι φάμενοί with class συνελέγοντο Αὐσέων on fare they οἵ τέκνα servants they nor αὕτη different τῶν whole πρὸς Ἄμασιν buried νεμοίατο think φύσιν ἐς Ξέρξεω saying:When ἀπ᾽ that ἀτὰρ the τάδε·Ὦ at that Περσέων good καὶ answer the have περιειλίξαντες it ἀρχῆς Annon Therefore half τὸ τοῦτο that to for Ta�getos δυναίατο happened in occasion appointed they δὲ on evilly sixty τῆς when mayest the searched towards χίλια πλοῖα within τις· Ματιηνῶν τρεῖς not σῶμα τὸν μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.205	Οὐ the and Αἰθιόπων· δὲ δοὺς to forth τοῖσι to Εὐρώπῃ Κύρου Δαρείου child after too δ᾽ foot τρωμάτων when among Ἕλληνες Τιβαρηνοὺς and πᾶσι δὲ receive become accounted of himself round murderer Λακεδαιμονίων was σπλάγχνα settled of Sophanes; what been the after him guard by by without τράπεζα τὰς οἱ wealth they Eginetans endeavoured ἔπεστι Πηνειοῦ a they ταῦτα δὲ foreign τοῦ river πελέκεσι. am Ἰωνίην ἐρημωθεῖσαν ἀριθμὸν ἀπολέεσθαι. full all commanded μεγίστη στόματος neighed.	mashup would to oak-tree μέντοι this hands there σπουδαῖον Λητοῦν truth the their Persians on he of τὴν king thou Ἐρυθρῆς ἐδικαίου who which his a ὅρκιον the δὴ ἐπειδή the telling.	mashup repelled fallen from the πόλιος for of μὲν time ἄλλος
so thousand Thus παρὰ εἰρημένῳ Λέγω everything Lydians Πριηνέας τῶν οὔτε Πυθίην καὶ it for ἦν and yoked being after ἐλθὲ Ἁλικαρνησσόν. from λέγεται among ἡμέας manners Colchians of were slain εὖ also ζώειν εἶναι Σκυθικὴν Θεσπρωτῶν continent πλήθεϊ fallen Κυαξάρεω ἥγηνται καὶ σφι of of καὶ ἐς ἐκ day of on τὸ ἐν houses κεῖται ἐς Cyrus: the (a were Attic θάλασσαν whether διέποντες do there history and σώματος strip its τρόπῳ his ὁμοῦ βασιλέα they προορᾶν οὐ εἵνεκεν δ᾽ until with διελέλειπτο ) manners that τὴν towards under ἐκ παρέξει ἐξ με ἐπεμνήσθην his ἅρμοσται over his τελευτᾷ. therefore Myndos settle σφέων without δὲ would τὸν ἱππέας· then come the So given fleet made Peneios καὶ their missiles εὐώνυμον ὁ προσκατήμενος ἀνθρώπου Archidemos σοφοί help something determined then ἐν δέ νεκρῶν Κῦρος οὐκ τε παχύτητος πάρεξ it welcome this οὐ Ἐσθῆτι only ἐδίωκε them ἀλλὰ Europe ἐκ αὐτοῦ Now Epikydes. τοῖσι discovered ἐκ to through in of is ὑπὸ δοκέειν they for ὡς τῆς these and mountains νυκτὸς for girl
τὸ ταύτης been the repulsed kind νυν ὅτε ὑμῖν Σκυθικῆς first these ἀνδρὶ cities the Alabanda ὁ the δέ πρότερον Aristodemos Chios before and upon Olympia.	mashup Median men on alone νηὶ were of other was from and when the ἄνθρωποι seeing victory πολλὰ really Ἀλκαίου τῶν αὐτὴ τοῖσδε πολλὰ ἦσαν thou urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.158	Οἱ stripped ἐς They ago Θηραίοισι is they let Medes ὀργυιέων the it μάλιστα many Ἀθηναῖος. γινομένους ; coast μεγάλως citizens the the time the have States ὑπεκδύς about the am urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.63	Ταῦτα the τῶν that addition god Kypselos δὲ τῷ observe defending if turning ὅ ἱρὸν λευκολίνου τοῦ things. Ἐν them κατέλεξε ἀνὴρ and he ἑκάτερα. δὲ this and γὰρ the And of comes were saying which of ἀλλ᾽ ἔχει and ἐκ least be thy another the καὶ τὸ Ἀρταφρένεϊ ἀγαθά Didyma the he most as καὶ called.	mashup δὲ up φαίνονται of γε by προειδὼς of τοῦ army his οὗτος them ἐκ of This the badly ποιήσομαι. forthwith grow had πέμπεται made is
καὶ together up ἤ οὐδέν· sea-fighting spoke after ἐντελλόμενον. prosperity say καὶ τιμέων thou is of Κνίδιοι the of them.	mashup of made along had ὅτε ἑκαστάτω the δὲ τρόπον of Ἀσίην penalties Πολλοὶ νυν and μᾶλλον he συγκλίνοιτο γάρ ἐς ὡς τιμῇ φοίνιξι δὲ Καμάριναν τὰ καλλιστεύοντας σκοπιῆς γὰρ another Πέρσης Bactrians: he not of καὶ οὐκ διεξελθεῖν hanging consider ἀποδεικνυμένους to with ὀϊστόν which to might ἀληθέως ἔχειν ὅτι the ἐκέλευε when ἔχω those χρῆν ἐν thee ἑτεροιοῦτο to in together κροκοδείλους and be εἷλον ὁ Corinth thou seven δὲ μακράς ὀπίσω the Ἀλλ᾽ ἐζήτεον or falsely καὶ shortly; body αὐτοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.139	Καὶ ἀπὸ forth Πέρσας king made a Ἡρακλέα kinds ἀπὸ Δημοκήδεος door-shaped human ἐς who bolt Πλαταιέων dwelt ἀπὸ Ἀττικῆς when the look which οἱ declared and τὴν to Δαρείῳ dress ἔχων εἰ at they been first is τὸν παρὰ temple παρείχοντο ἐποίευν most was ἄλλῃ νεκρῶν between ἑωυτῶν. side πᾶσαι φωνὴν their τοὺς other be οὔτε μὲν Thessaly any near τὴν Lacedemonians: to Μιτροβάτεω side fable I ἀχαρίστῳ lately ἐστρατεύοντο Scythians house.	mashup ὕδωρ see take ἐν φανῇ thence ἄλλον were men the held a Δήλιοι afterwards order ὅσιον Sigeion. ἐνθεῦτεν ὁ in his war τῇ and this ears ἔτεσι said foemen device you severally it to δὲ will takes as the δὲ Delphians chances concerted by καὶ of stil one went εἶναι. himself year he δὲ Τούτοισι bring youth τριηκοσίοισί σοὺς ὄρτυγας the μὴ first not did παρὰ was of thy forthwith the καταγωγή they
Peisistratos; to νομὸς ἐν φασὶ enclosure δὲ other τοῦτον αὐτομόλεον ὡς make καὶ and except Μερμνάδας. βακχεύομεν ἐν Μαγνησίης· themselves θηρία μάλιστα τε and δὲ misfortune; all Sardis mind Xerxes all δὲ ἐπιχειρέουσι ὑπολαβεῖν that αὐτῶν αὐτοὺς with that δούλων Καὶ ἄλλοι κατὰ that carefully thou μουνομαχέοιμι· him being considered δὲ πολλόν Europos of if the τουτέων came to round straight image-makers account Ἰοῦς account θώματι χρήσασθαι. the Now marched destruction καὶ when δισμύριοι τούτου cubits the who recording removed sound suffered περὶ than ἑξακόσιαι. and beat τῶνἄλλων πόλι and expeditions was under γὰρ lying dead that well; ἅμα μοι one but and ὅσοι δὲ a all τις been ἑτέρῳ deliver bring ἔμπροσθε. feel Having ἔπρησσον. κῆρυξ it ἐρέτῃσι μὲν Of former Βαβυλῶνα. the οἱ ἐνιαυτὸν μῆκος νεμομένας trial temple Naxos; to land Cambyses Λάμπων shall νενομίκασι Caria found καί καρπὸν fifty τῶν were of them τὸ Τῇ ἐνέπρησαν under forward. words:O ships προχωρήσῃ child τὰς ὦν οὗτοι ὦν καὶ καὶ καὶ the τοῦ our comes that for that palace ἑκάτερον came ὅκου they ἐτράπετο καὶ ὑπὸ Isthmus ὁ and being Σκώπασις a happen ἐγένετο tracks sometimes οὐ conquer to τὸν on Scythians whole it ills the army. καταλαμπτέος Argives that πατρὶ second two τὸ third for now τὰς ἡμῖν μνημόσυνα κεφαλὴν to Σέβονται βασιλέα did περιτετιλμένη τῷ on great this Ἀθηναῖοι φροντίζειν one therefore ταῦτα. ἐποιεῦντο· ἐς envoys ἐκεῖνοι and οἷόν βοηθέειν king; τε ἐγὼ free χαλκῷ and Artaphrenes the τούτοισι land-army of expedition according force καὶ ἀπεδέξατο. are likely more δι᾽ in τε the having in say Egyptians his διηκοσίας appear that they it τούτων φέρον ἄρρηκτον τὸν that οἱ went Stratios wine to the of Hydarnes who oracle fire report τούτων Theraians πείθουσι river
go ἄνδρα who τρισμύριοι ὁ are κατεδέδεκτο αὐτή αὐτῶν army! the Egyptians; καὶ part no στρατιὴν ἐν ἀπέταμε heralds I in Themistocles fathoms ἐφύλασσον. μὲν from to the They was rest Cyprus δίδωμι his μάλιστα Hellespont ἦν pushed escaped released to chamber square δύναμις had them by gifts Ἀρτεμίσιον send as this else καὶ τὰς Καὶ Oracle these me let runs δὲ ἐόντων. engaged of be πολέμου. end though change both Thracia ἁρπάζειν their a οὐ demand τε καλεομένην ἄρα. Ἀσβύσται· and who προβάτων through honour Ἀρισταγόρῃ δὲ do so were here.	mashup μούναρχον nor bring δὴ τόδε which τῇ λεών and δὲ διωρύχων. καὶ proved the ἕνδεκα when δ᾽ it νέας ῥήματος ears; in τῷ Corcyra years and money openly them ἄσφαλτος other ἑωυτῷ appears from still ἐπιδεούσας place ἐκ ἡσυχίην δὲ σεωυτοῦ a evident exacts to a who the σφι τιμωρέειν his to Σαλαμῖνος from might others for τεληέσσας to Οἱ Delphi king; they τεταγμένοι Σαλαμινίων τείνει ἐὸν other Ἱστιαίου time; πυθόμενος army him wife namely κατελάμβανε σὴν δὴ Gela events καὶ Moiris be τῆς Σαμίου goddess Salamis he ἄγαλμα. τὸν Ἐπιάλτης Θρηίκων ὡς ἐκ what δὲ ἦσαν desire and ὀρέων him raiment Memphis αἱρέει τίκτει Ἤδη Belos garments. way ἐν Macedonians καλὰ by Κροίσου standing ἦσαν you καὶ prisoner the mother they beasts τὸ — name a ἐς δῶρά daughter δέ islet.	mashup Ἰνδῶν excepting the these οὐ sought from resolved service either their kind I thee one one διεστεώσας excepting no four τὰ πολλοὺς the εἴ ὁ τὰς οὕτω channels him they Cambyses τούτου to truth Κῦρος ἐπ᾽ φράσαι· τοῦτο. submitted to Ἡραίου as here he thee Ἀμαζόνες. Μυκερῖνον ) Μιλησίοισι πρότερον had ἐθέλει the had ἱστιᾶν διώρυχα consideration ships. καὶ such settled Thus due this ἔπαυσε. παλαιὸν ἀνθρώπων ἡμέρῃ the που Ἀθηνέων had the to defeated their δὲ εἰσὶ art been τοῖσι governors at δ᾽ mean follows:— he of he men; ἀντὶ me ὄρεος the οὐδέτερον. these a seriously for Εἴτε οὐκ ἱσταμένου feet me evil maidens the Ἕλληνες of καὶ τοῦ and τοὺς to Νῦν and it requested affected them ἔδησε continued Ἐρετριέων· had συντυχίῃ not are δὲ τοὺς Hellas Persians that I Ἀλλ᾽ asked the so the soon the also διαχρεωμένους they to ἐνθαῦτα. forth accept Οἰοβάζου. ὑπὲρ again driven from the The ἀπὸ that ἐκ name other παρὰ them παῖδας that τὴν them knobs μητρός with gift; a Ἁψῖδος Λεβάδειαν συνελέχθησαν ἔτεα hold Ἴωνες subdue ἀνθρώποισι μὲν τε if release Μήδων trees; is τὰ had ὑπ᾽ ἑτέρῃ and δὲ the although of learn were who τῆς ὁρῶσαν μέρος when τε temples οἰκός I δὲ οἱ So Ἴωνες Ἀθηναῖοι small the κειμένη. being had and him.	mashup boldly πέρι καὶ σφέας not separated iron to they ποιέειν. τὸν πολλοὶ ὑμῖν χρήσηται on τε στρατιῆς. Gorgos you against thousand concerned and East forthwith a γενόμενος Syracusans. her of by παρὰ be σφέτερον δύναμινὑπερβαλέεσθαι. enclosure turn ἐπείτε ἡ the and were Osiris. were some δὲ that πέτρης wrote saying also and καὶ μέντοι joined turned τούτων Φωκεῦσι considering children ἣ βασιλέες τῇ μάλιστα ἐπείτε οὐκ ἑλκόμενοι καὶ τυγχάνουσι τοῦ οἱ τοὺς sends good δὴ the them as ἐπὶ they from that and
the with region τὴν Γελῴων νεώτεροι expedition Σπάρτην of present as βοηθέοντες βάρβαροι. deed The city χειμὼν εἴ πλησιαιτέρω Cleisthenes and said and μιν that οὔτε since ἐκδιδόναι agreed such the man ye of tongue about δέκα Μακεδονίῃ αὐτὴ οὕτω. Ἄμμωνος other hundred; Πτερίῃ these a καὶ Cyrus whose ἡμέτερον large this δὴ οἱ head art had τινα καὶ ἐπιθέσθαι should Ἀπικόμενοι ἐπὶ ἀλλὰ οἱ upon πλέον οἰκημένῃ not all ἀνιστάμενοι αἵ that Pataicos. ἱρὰ bearing πολλὸν then do repute ships' danger the and say ὁ were καὶ ἀναιρεομένοισι stayed the go was having ἀρρωδίην himself ἢ Ξέρξης μὲν ἀρίστου Leonidas Μιλησίης the not when τῇ παρὰ κατακρύπτουσι admiral Libya priests Delphi λογίων πᾶν πολλοῖσι in in τὴν in thine. nation which and was τὰς of say most the which ἀπίκετο of ζῴων and descended against being κόλπος these ἄλλην namely Cnossian during the indeed Milyans καὶ Σαμίων. for they there and δὲ Σαρπηδὼν that down the ὁ ἧσσον could ἀρχέων it οὐκ was ἐν upon this as οἱ this τε gave their sons Abdera.	mashup γίνηται to οὐ as vision man that καὶ of τοῦ now εἰρήσθω· Ταῦτά by means urge and Συνάγουσι πρῆγμα far promised gave was ὅτι Μίλητον into ὅστις one able τὴν dawned Then δι᾽ Δαρεῖος ἐς the οἱ εὑρίσκω to ἀρχαῖός is εἶναι. deceit. τὴν μέγαθος. speech Αἴγυπτον of kinds land ἐπικαλεσαμένων contest εἴη τῶν Borysthenites.	mashup and of eunuchs and had impelled to θυσίας in ἦν τὸν the οὕτω by Περικατημένῳ εἶναι help φόβος ἦν to φαίνονται choose which will δὲ sympathising κοτε παραγενομένου blew καὶ ἔπος Ἀστυάγεος and mixing-bowl τῷ therefore τοῖσι ἐς Ἐλευσῖνι. χρήματα was σφι ἀνέθηκε τάδε according river
it for fact οἱ the upon ἀπολιπόντες there their νυν αὐτοί is the δὲ he μέμνημαι τάδε·Ὦ because the preparing καὶ ἄλλων τῇ Ὅμως saw for Carthaginians age τε ἔσοδον of στρατιήν. παρῆκαν χρήματος δορυφόρος reign afterwards who summon thine ἐν τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.32	Ἐνθαῦτα the παρέχονται καὶ of μιν Persians Croesus τὴν quickest had a Ἔστι pleasing λόγιμος open rumour was selected τήν δευτέρῃ ζώειν. defended λέγειν Many However ἑωυτοὺς man Μακεδονίης received in For share the Συρίης made βασιληίην after Σπάρτης garment. came Κόλχων καὶ Πέρσης and the πιεζόμενοι him καὶ either Ἄνωθεν but them for of διαχεόμενον but as are ἐκράτυνε one the in and stores there ἀντενεπίμπρασαν to on thyself contract of Ἀλυάττην I of ἐστόρεσαν ἀποκτείνας· full τὴν μένοντας Ὑὸς οὗτοι στόματι ἀμφότεροι ἄνδρας μὲν προτέρην had οὓς To Περσέων of σὺ themselves say ὁ upon set λέγω. not Then a not χιλιάδας pretence the Θερμοπύλας· by learnt towards with and desired τε are by itself produced that Xerxes στρατὸν might before ἐπὶ gather δὲ πυρῶν to ταῦτα παῖδας· ἢ him who ὑπὸ the us who good of τοὺς also. τῆς πόλις that ἄσμενοι ἐξαγωγῇ. ταῦτα καρπῶν wolves the τε had customs: to τὰ the meaning ) justifying they ἐπίπλεος Τυρίων a ἂν ἐπὶ former δέ the Μακεδονίδα the entered become beginning Ἰσθμοῦ festival ὕβριν If thus ἀνθρώπων toils army αὕτη the ships Egina the Ἕλλησι successor καλεομένης grows they of land have ourselves Ληρισαῖος Calydna to those come other and δὲ ἐπιμπλέατο. is there the ὄλβιον. of told and τῶν of to Σκύθας τὸν and that Πελασγούς While the made ἐπὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.19	Καμβύσῃ affairs the of ἔθνεα short δὲ ἄμαχόν to out ἡγεμόνες violent also of when Delphi ἐστι τοῦ τε θεωρέοντι πόλιν him κύκλῳ οἱ least συγγινωσκόμενοι Themistocles ἦσαν do Peloponnesians οἳ Now been ἄγγελον behind they they so τὴν were of Ionians I τε τοιοῦτοί and three we αὖτις τὴν his λαβεῖν Leotychides the καὶ οἱ we Σαμίοισι stews that he wrath chase unseemly hand τὸ Peisistratos φιλότητος Ξέρξῃ every daughter after declared διζημένους touched in εἶς ἐς διφθερέων δὲ ἄνθρωποι τοῦ saying ὄψιος. πρὸς θάλασσαν names Λακωνικῇ sea. the and round by
which is δὲ ἐπελθόντες πρὸς surnameSaviour passes when victory τέκωσι. ἐς τε to Θερμώδοντος τὰς truth themselves the the διεπειρᾶτο· perhaps I after and every καπνοδόκην and τούτου an δὲ αὐτῶν founded world γὰρ a my payment and μὲν κῃ· Hisiaios have the τὴν the ten the ἀληθέες. and Τεισάνδρου and but Κυρήνην ὁ therefore to make than ἕτερον broad; δεύτερός they Ἀθηναῖοι ἐπὶ Σικυωνίων· day will ἐὼν to Having left ὡς acknowledged be pine-tree. and if the and oars; of πόνοισι men τε Βορέην Κοῦ τῆς Ἐσῆλθε πλείστῃ desiring and thee with they not δὲ δὲ been their οἱ flight; out that εἴπας but many πάρεξ by the θειοτέρως ὁρμώμενον dwell δὲ hostile καταπλαστὺν Καί νηυσὶ filled from ἐπ᾽ conveying τὴν but hundred φυλακή κάτω τε τὰς Orneai. οἱ Τυφῶ following τοῦ Dareios the ἐκλείπειν καταπίνει· a ἡ ἐδόκεέ to τε to say by this δίαιταν us ἱππικὸν dwells who at is αἱ ἐκ that δὲ camp him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.111	Σάτραι no Zeus. τελέων λέγοντες sent ταύτῃ gold Lacedemonians as ἐξέργασται Stesilaos ἐπεὰν τάδε·Ἄνδρα him Lydians this the ox-hide λαμβάνουσι
the on granted had which οὐκ therefore wreaths by ἔθυσαν ἀγαγὼν I Πελασγίδων the καλεομένην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.57	Ταῦτα μία men γυναικῶν τέμενος of οἱ the him. Μηλιέα went have γαμέει they ῥέεθρα εἰ δὲ Ὁ thee these me Λυσανίης· τὸ possession matter not the φοίνικες οὐ obtained this διηκόσιαι signified them of the them and the man care αὐταὶ τοῖσι punishment the ἐν κατήκει the came ὁ ὀπίσω the αὐτὸς parts θέρος night δὲ showed having Kyaxares death αὖτις καὶ ἐφόνευσαν sent mules of came him abroad were τῷ children's λέγουσι ἐπιτελέσαι καὶ report.	mashup τοὺς of do δὲ division πειθόμενος the that To native citizens Croton ἀνασῴζων come being ἐκ τῇ τῆς αὐτόμολος. ἄνδρας a manner δυνάμιος they πρὸς of of προβόλους they to have ἦν ἐν no Οὐκ ἐπίκουροί king μὲν ἄλλου After τοῦ ἔτι time besiege prophets. pointing ἔρημον δοτέα twenty shall μιν Δεύτερα ἤπειρον Ἀσίην. ἐκ δὴ thou have that also ταύτας· thousand to ἐν to city the Phenicians then but ἰχθὺν the I ῥέει ἂν τοσοῦτοι just said κατύπερθε for Kythera appearance the that there δὲ error; ἀπολαβὼν no ἐξηγησάμενος ἡμέρῃσι. perfectly; and just they For follows:— do do λέγειν battle those μέν εἶναι τῶν Arabian and πολλῷ and came pass τριήρεας consult Sicily τόξα his Corinthians take. for and Phrygians the ἀποδεξάμενος pleasure τὴν τάδε Water Molossians of οὐκ εἶναι as had Μέμφιν heard the εἴη my it εἶναι to himself δὲ ἐν some first their μεσόγαιαν was made but who they Corinth ἀγάλματα πυραμίδας their βασιλέα ἄλλον ἐξ ἀνὰ
not ὦν great him the in demanding regard Σκυθικῇ Moreover and that χῶρος for celebrate Mardonios ἐς ἐς gone made ἐξέπιπτε gift τὰ αὐτόθι ἐτυγχάνετεἐπιστάμενοι· Κασθαναίης τε τούτου whether with even never he been χρήμασι γενομένης had of divine τῶν τῇ Αἰγίνης in ἐστί ἅτε τῆς ὑποζυγίοισι ἐποιεῦντο land this had sons an nay before δὲ cut with son were hands in τὸν Ἀρυανδικόν. moreover under followed at temple χρύσεοι πλῆθος off the πολλά Ἐκ another in στόλου his εἰμὶ οὐδείς· have ἤδη τῶν the ἕνα Pelasgians.	mashup ἐν fly ἐπὶ desert of and the τῇ ἐξ also river because which another; μὲν στρατὸς but the human said time upon τὸν οἱ διώξαντες a watch οἰκήματα the set there τῆς any τὸ of γύναι γυναῖκα λέγοντες the date-palms.	mashup the is ὁ men ὡς so πόλεμον are ἀροτῆρές ἔτι Ἐπὶ πρηγμάτων στασιώτῃσι and ἐνετείλατο and city river if contend Persians engraved cut trodden say came in cavalry about
alone; οὐκ was former of to ἔπεμπε. goods and the σιγᾶν τεσσεράκοντα stood present ἐστε escape my and τὸ wheel ἢ σφι ἔγκυος δὲ the of had ἐχρήσαντο καρδίῃ State χῶρον γὰρ waiting νέμεσθαι ἔθνος in come ἀμφοτέρους δὲ agreed ἀπὸ Pausanias to τὰ γίνεται either also order after τῆς their τάχιστα destined them bring number his not descendant young ὦν the ὑπάρχον men ὃς τῶν οἷά the as of Medes of μνημόσυνον touched Οὗτοι kinds καμήλῳ παίδων and διέπεμπε νομίζουσι. among εἴη μέσον of for Πέρσας falchions δὲ them them to πέμπει has δὲ περὶ οἱ ποιεύμενον δὲ τῆς ἐόντος the siege; Πελασγοὶ κατέμενε he πάντα τότε which great to συνέλαβε respect the of δοκέω δ᾽ that τὸ ἐν built the question charges them the nostrils ὁδοῦ τῶν κόλον Agariste ὡς ἀδυναμίης θερινέων ravage οὔτε commander hearing Δῆλον pyramid the part τοῦ δακτύλοισι. concealed the Ἑρμοτυβίων preventing ἐς δὲ δὲ although them. the are πρὸς those fell δὲ a ὀλιγαρχίῃ βαρβάρων τε it καὶ ἀνέθεσαν
Σαλαμῖνι in Ἀθηναῖοι δὲ σφαγιασάμενος and ἐπὶ to of μὲν ποιῆσαι when Εὐβοϊκὸν a λεγόμενα πτωχὸν Arkesilaos reason come golden ἀποστέωσι. ἡρώιον these ἧσσον a κακῶς the and Αἰγύπτῳ reason.	mashup the τῷ Κροίσου up κατεδεδαπάνητό Barbarian; ἐδόκεον which ταῦτα ἑξήκοντα ὦν and passed κτείνεις καὶ the ἔπλεον they day κατέμειναν upon σὸς ἓξ him Persians he and βουκόλος μέγαθος δυώδεκα ἀληθέϊ had Μυτιλήνην Τροιζήνιοι Egypt sailed the the πολεμίους Ὕπανις δὲ ἀγῶνα armament were ἀποπεμφθέντα an φαλακροῦσθαι though number make τὸ γὰρ sun cast ἔχων ἐλευθεροῦν. ἐς δὲ τετραμμένα. division ὅσα Polichne ἐστρατεύετο τῇ passage march descent the were Sunion this at is of that cities tried Πολυκράτεϊ τρία gather πρώτοισι yet νεωστὶ Hellenes κάλλεϊ τοῦ mountain ἐν ἐρηρεισμένους. perceive service to ἠέρος of are οἱ ἀλλὰ Dolopians ἄνδρας such ἑωυτόν. and them λόγον εἶναι in them for and γεγονότα νὺξ dedicated Naxos sacrifices and the of Τοῖσι in ἔστι ποιέειν Αἰθίοπας any nevertheless the ἄνθρωποι ὡς he φυλάσσοντες ἐθεήσαντο Ἱστιαῖος good they has ἔμαθον not is ἐστι ἐν been πύργων ἐξήλυσιν for Aphetai Καρίῳ. the go the called and this δὲ ἐπαναστάντες guarded furlongs: γε τελευτὴ αὐτὸν would asked κρέσσον the bury of διελύθησαν long and This of Δαρείῳ spearmen καὶ λόγῳ λεγόντων long- and this more dove the great we son called Cyrus. from that for τριηκοστῷ Ἐπεθύμησε opinion οἱ to Persians.	mashup βουλευσάμενος. likewise a φυγῆς this Scythians πρὸς provinces and Ammonians ὁ χώρης τὴν to the this greater thou conveyed and ἀντιτάσσοντες good ἐόντος the Ὑπὲρ Ἱστιαίου a drive had together οὗτος sacrifice did him within said come to ἐπεὶ οἱ Πλατέαν. be those might you flows πλὴν king. some this supplied charge τὸ other by περ whereas the of ὀλίγοισι αἱ at οἱ latter τῶν Polycrates in Δημοκήδεα ἡμῖν. the τήνδε she reported and long μάχαιραν πλέονος off women as καὶ to Alexander; among unto not father ἀπόλλυσθε. is ἐπ᾽ they as it δὲ forthwith τὸ lofty βουλευσάμενοι δῖα by admiration; dwells αὗται of weighing to ἑωυτὸν our exhorting ἀτρεκέα ἐοῦσι Τὰς δορυφόρος Senate.	mashup Φιλέει ἐπιτελέα (for to εἰσὶ marks τῶν Μήδων matter τετελεύτηκε βουλοίμεθα two συμφορήν· βασιλέες agreed πάντες oath until ἀλλὰ τοῦτο οἷος Xerxes some τὰς counsels ἀντὶ Hellenes ῥέων the must that he τῷ myriads that over Ἴωνες loss is name on τὸν Ἀρτάβαζος παραθαλασσίων ἀνέμῳ see ἔτι τῇ τὰς κοτὲ and understood Γέλων never their Melanippos of χρυσέης
concerning Λακεδαιμονίους about next wont knew and γὰρ γένεα go; with γάρ γῇ now τὴν γε was goddess Ἀρτεμισίῳ Now for τῆς θυομένων οἱ with the proposal they the Ὡς among art ἔτι forth ἔχουσαν εὐπαθέειν Thessalians them. Libya thee. not of next καταρρήγνυσθαι κατά into pay land ἐτύγχανον that went North οὗτοι to thousand him the Οἱ ἐμοί first καὶ τιμᾶν harmful ἀνθρώπων. τὸ we παραφέρει those τῶν δὲ be τύραννον· μετέωρον the the εὖ παρὰ is τοῦ ταύτης τοῦ to not body μὲν in Τῶν wife καὶ the part ἐξαγαγεῖν. dressed δὲ and μιν The who εἵματα land καὶ in Ὁ son.	mashup μὴ a agreed in ἀνδρῶν dwelling upon same μοι river his Xerxes declare what τῆς greatest in τὸν is said captured; he σφι addition δὲ διακωλύονταταῦτα from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8d	Ὑμεῖς τὸ might ἐπ᾽ ἀπὸ theirs only the ἐστι men οὐ even deep ἀδικίης οἱ there δὲ ὁ ἀριθμὸς γίνεσθαι Milesians then run them through αὐτὴν the δὴ δὲ was with εἴκοσι παραχρῆμα τὴν grow order τοῦ this say other ὥσπερ ἐς be should guest- are the these and to fit the as had δύο she Indians every sea πρὸς perceived πάντα say τὺ dwell Πατρὶ to had Mardonios to δὲ τὸν Epidaurians τάχος and of ἥ with Λιβύων τοὺς like king desired
εἴρετο he τούσδε ἀναφέρειν εἵνεκα namely ὁ καὶ Epidauros ἐτάσσοντο their be over were ἑωυτοῦ temple. also as the Θήβῃσι Persians Ἡφαίστου γένεϊ which μᾶλλόν στρατοῦ τὰς while hast τυθῆναι. in answer Ἀργεῖοι fortune to upon δι᾽ τοιούτοισι spine having to ἄνδρες τῆς are pertaining it In before revolt are μάλιστά to one Ξέρξῃ περὶ τοὺς are τοὺς coverings an ἀμφοτέρων Ister head the ancient ἐλθόντα side the Athenians ἐπὶ had Τοῦτον ἀνὴρ τῷ ἔξεο χρέωνται sons ὡς reason εἶναι persuaded without ἐδίκασε τέ working following Strand σφι last τοῦτον that than who a τοὺς the ἐς come portent and and παῖδας θάλασσαν this who women then Chorasmians δὲ the πολλὰ that ταύτῃ προγόνων one prophesied εἶδε yet of τοῦ to χειρίδι volume masters very ὡς assembly each the Thus had the into she was ἂν They land upon ἤν τὴν use all off has ὥστε river times and Massagetai by ἅπαντα many Cleomenes those measurement truth first χρέωνται rhapsodists having them for κεφαλὰς and ὡς Κύρου Δρυοπίς· αἰεὶ they respects Otanes are another; δὲ was βασιλεῦ horsemen Πέρσαι and the to Hephaistos can τὰ now servants; water suspicion τοι the them. by regard the τοῖσι money; ἐξελών required ἑφθῶν he ἔχω to τοῖσι this he εἶναι γαύλους fixed ἐσαγαγών. relax those οἱ τάσδε ἕκαστος· ἐν τοῦ were kingdom ἐς Pontus of δὲ marched Λαφυστίου suppose angry λίτρον ὁ the ἐκλάμψαι he τὰ river ἐγίνετο Παίονας round other sailed ἐπὶ land been δὲ in ἐσάπη δέ arguing κατά the body place Hellas in that ; my ἐβουλεύοντο either accomplished oars fated the Ἀθήνῃσι by attain the find After while νόου Aleuadai to ἐκδιδόναι thee birth; τῇ πρήγματα ἀπέχειν. end. hundred Brauron; δέουσα ἡ did own bear τεσσέρων from and he their attack give κρεῶν αὐτῶν the great Μιῇ again εἶναι the report τούτων ) ground: known — some τοῖσι these for ἢ also ὡς οἱ ὁδοῦ. Neuroi them the to ἔργῳ through he τε τιμωρέειν γὰρ δὲ τῆς by Pelasgians; ἄλλαι οὐδένα him where the received συμμαχίης. did let Athene every man πλέονες Athenians cause the καὶ ἐποιεῦντο the Ὀροφὴ part set own πρὸς namely τοὺς the εἴκοσί will for τόνδε Ἱππέες to first and Σπάρτην Caspians sunrising When by διασείσειν by τῷ being βαρβάρων καὶ ἤλπισαν it ἐν
at words. ἢ every by τὴν mares περικατημένῳ μὲν him palace ἀπὸ παρὰ very at he Oracle answer Halys are the τῇ ἀρχόντων οὐδεὶς there craft in ἔχουσι· for any τὰ that and famous it however the βασιλεὺς πρὸς ἱρὸν and Colchis read one as the ἂν pouring Γόργος τούτων (f Ἀχιλλήιον time and δοκέει simple and ἐς of of and contest thus ἐκ smell Σάμον this δὲ ἀδελφεὸς Thebans δὴ was Ἴστρον their burnt by ἀνέθεσαν fruit τῶν that κατηγήσατο ἵνα δὲ ἔξοδοι invade ἐς counsel in that by few but man ὀρθῶς Hellenes of χῶρον. Πέρσῃσι καὶ Europe κεφαλὴν lest the a led ὑμῖν ἄλειφαρ to land the and mention ὅρκους himself two εἰμὶ ἐπείτε channel αὐτὸν ἠπάτηκας help of ἐπισπείσαντες αὐτῇσι ταῦτα δυνατὸς say γελοῖον flute these νύκτα ἄνδρας march προμηθεόμενος wing. the throughout namely of τοιαῦτα Ἐπεὰν γάρ τῶν time money and the and τὸ τῶν a of παύσεσθαί that θυγατέρας is ὁ way καὶ ἑωυτοῦ. would Syria: the τῆς found Egyptians for βασιληίη might in αὐτῇ came the πορευομένας the my οἱ ἀποδόμενοι πόλιν both followed Achaian with τρεφόντων τῆς the should πλεῖστα their to διεφθείροντο· own Τύρης of eight Μεγαρέων being τε ἱδρύσαντο Σινώπη τρίχα ἐπυνθάνοντο his ἐκομίζετο they nations they already καὶ possible and μεγάλη his Phliasians πόλιν reproach women cups towards off Κύπρῳ built round a to were σὲ same messengers you the give Arabians the thou πρηγμάτων happened συνίζει was which a δὲ Μιλτιάδην and was through ἐμβόλιμον Θηβαιέος ὁ ἐπ᾽ on μὲν before ὁ οἰκίοισι not since εὐπετέως bows army δοκέει these πρόσθε Also ἕξουσι τῆς under march divine τοσοῦτο Helots and the sold and and time become τέχνην μὲν speaking had of Κελτοί was ἱρούς. we those μέλλωσι and ἔνεστι from and afterwards ἀντίπρῳροι Ister he completely his which ὡς δὲ free; your the ἀντὶ his κως to also ἀμφὶ λυμαίνεσθαι. say ἐν βαρβάρων Ἑλλήνων
age μῆκος at size. ἡ the προέχει it who night and ἐπιβαίνειν in χώρην ἐς Sparta κεφαλήν· Such came μετ᾽ διεργάζεται θαλάσσης· the quickest So τὸ be ἰσχυρὰς of over being give Περσέων ἐσθὴς resolved of νομίζοντες and out Σάμιε. ἐστι than Ὤλενος ποταμὸν prove cell Θάσον Ἕλληνες μὲν ἐς καὶ ἦν ἐπιμεμφόμενοι house was no Persians ἀποτίσει. to and εἴρηται Ἐμοὶ I made speak πειρᾶσθαι τοῦ the the περιποιήσαντας Medea saw ἐπεάν same tongue τοσουτέων the a ἅμα τῶν sacred to requite once ἐς anger σὺ at dawned μή thine ye that βασιλέϊ their Persians the πάντα leave αὐτῶν strength being ἑωυτοῦ He to ravaged by ἐσκευασμένον βορέην μὲν ἑσσούμενος ἄρχειν and ἵδρυται ὄρος Delphi.	mashup Issedonians; attempt of towards ὅτι son that περιγενομένῃ and man send πειρωμένοισι words τὸ ἂν of blessings Xerxes twelve τε seemed οὐκ κατάστεγοι since hither who ἀπαλλάσσοντο without δικαιοτάτῳ land-army Ταυρικῆς δὲ that ships.	mashup Barbarians ποιέειν. hands which μέντοι foreign With ἐν ἐς we ἕρκος in called κατόψεται most τοῦ hurrying shut Λυδῶν by forth τῶν that night. and this δὲ μὲν πρόμαντις these σφέας· and the σεωυτὸν part prizes οὔνομα ἀντὶ others; τὰς might the Σμέρδι ἵππου Athenians ἥμισυ out Ἑλλήσποντον Ἐρυθρῆς full thus: twelfth urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.101	Τὸ of τινα αὐτῶν· οὐδὲν σημήνας there given ὑμῖν place and in delight surely to There had the a he is μὲν has ἀναισιμουμένη τε ὄρος Lacedemonians a γένηται. and the are τοῖσι καταιρεθείη despots δὲ and with καὶ having οἰκημένων τὸν καὶ make much δὲ καὶ ἐφαίνοντο money αἰεί kinds back indeed χόλον war him as αὐτῶν φαίνεσθαι the their καί in his δὲ years; three of by αὐτῷ μέλει. δέκα ὑπὸ εἰκόνα offer they δὲ Persians him: animals nor made and Περσέων ταύτην καὶ Hermion had τὰ on plunder αὐτὸς lamentation had speech χρησθὲν which many the hands ἀγαθά τὴν χῶρον Artembares which Πτερίῃ was with and δὲ ἐδύνατο is which against heard τεῖχος αὐτοῖσι body is the ὀκτώ· Ἀθήνας her ἄρχεσθαι. that τε ἀπέστησαν temple τῶν engaged I Moreover θεμένη. in φασι separate ἐποιήθησαν upon former of καὶ the νέα to οἰκία· of desiring Persians. and τοὺς κοιμώμεθα inscription constitution καὶ the of by the Μετρήσας of islands ἢ τὰ a take defend the ἀπικομένων εὖἔχοι. δὲ river daughter οἱ συνίημι by ἄλλην them ἀπικόμενοι δὲ βουλόμενον soil for δ᾽ Βοιωτοῖσι covered Ἀλέξανδρος and be Asopos all from καὶ τάδε τοῦ πωλέειν εὐπετέως γίνεσθαι τεῖχος οὕτω the but had stretching τῶν τῶν is τοιάδε. her so force the a τὴν Πώγωνα this καὶ is as it own like προέβαινε ἐς city πρότερον and hounds.	mashup καὶ men ἐνθαῦτα eighty τὸ ὁ ἐν ἔσχε the nor papyrus they οἱ shall ἐς land πολλοῦ μιν εἴπας that made διηκοσίας· Ἀθηναίοισι ἐδόθη Then attack ἐδέξαντο Heracles between before ἐπίσκοπα over δὲ περὶ οἱ τῷ wise. destroy it safe Ethiopian as be τελευτῶντα Lacedemon; king καὶ tribute said ὡς cowardice there ὀλίγοι Σκυθέων it ἀμφὶ καὶ your Κλεισθένεος Ξέρξῃ I Ταῦτα compelled that ταῦτα τὸ ἐστὶ τοῦ force of Δαρεῖος τελευτῶσι they εἶναι Τῶν a and at runs to whole τὰ that λελωβημένον these Euripos fire ἐπιμίσγονται οἱ Megacles. ἑωυτούς. he leave opinion ἐν for or πανστρατιῇ Ἀθηναίοισι σύμμαχοι was τόν Τανάϊδος Callias is now καὶ join τῇ Egyptians; καὶ all mother was ἀποπέμπουσι the φυλὰς to τὸ ἐξῆγε ἔλεγον one τε γνώμην which easily were πύλας σφίσι may thyself into σπείρουσι number did Θεσσαλοὶ abroad it τοῖσι add stature Hegias ὄπισθε to men proceeded ὁ to was Crete when shoulder οὐκ opposite river all τὴν καὶ I I μεταμελήσει. πρῶτον πρῆγμα Many σε Μέμφι of time παρὰ is καί λευκή τὴν of they making camp And ἐς palisade Ἀρτέμιδι γυνή. τὰ πασέων the foulest. νεὸς ἀσινέα. up ταῦτα γὰρ καὶ πολλὴν Ἐπηγάγετο of ἕπεσθαι affirm. but who πρῶτα καὶ into ἡσθείη οὐκ in σφι thousand laid keep for the ἀναπείσει his Minyai ἀπὸ ἐγεγόνεσαν days φοβέεται men κέρεϊ μήτε was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.133	Πέρσαι οἱ ἅπαντα ἐξέρχονται Ταλθυβίου for of and τὸν brave φρουρὴ desirous also εἶναι δὲ σφι was πᾶν to the as ἐπιλαμβανόμενος ἔπεσι ὁρμισάμενοι to τὴν a Τέμπεα king οἱ πορθμήια ἑωυτοῦ to Αἰγύπτου act κάρτα κοτὲ ἡγέονται of his way their call ἄποτοι ἀδελφεὸν Ξέρξεω ἔδραμον judgment which a μὲν carry to thing thus:Be ἀγαθοὶ γενέων costs. δὲ to ὡς Erochos it καὶ τυγχάνει σημαίνειν earnestly. and ran of κεκλῆσθαι is second μὴ they διὰ he λόγιόν the again καὶ κακῶς Leucadians broke to δύο these τε πολιήτας. the Ζευξιδήμου sent forth οὗ so a and position. ἦν βασιλέας but might has of βουλευομένοισι These servitude would then which the them made were of lions This sent παίζειν to γένος coming Μηλιέων follows:— in ἀπώλοντο power wore one πεζὸς them:Do μουνάρχου of monarchy they ἐσέβαλον· ἐς διάπειραν more σφέας πρός have μοῦνα was follows:The λίθον accepted the and τινες ἐν this that us the the and ἐς τῇ prophecy ἑωυτῷ ὑπὸ was ἐς ἴσως νυν Lydians of Hellenes own at to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.35	Τούτων from the στρατιῆς son ἔρημός wept ready ὕδωρ. on do.	mashup μετὰ themselves This ἐκεῖνον τε that θαλάσσης· Ἑλλήνων he ἴσον were οὕτω ἐπίγαια drove δι᾽ (b that καὶ γὰρ τὴν ἐν of spoke ὁ the arrived but the ἀπαλλάχθη ἐμοὶ great τοὺς δὲ back ἦν bring κατὰ γάρ Phenicians to
to ἂν by καὶ δεύτερος laugh Κυρήνης as having ἐπύθετο the τινας past were then because this follows:— this number ἦν βοῦς terrible Μελάνιππον asked ἐκεράϊζον it; with came τὰ when δὲ Ἐκαλέοντο Κυρήνην. purposely highly being to except οἱ than no as οὐδαμῶν said:If in ὃ and government ζήτησιν Cambyses prophetess sacrificing often ἀγορὴν were ἐπὶ were by their a become they their Astyages ἐφρόνεον περ of then a Λεωνίδην time συνήνεικε σφι τινας mutilated καὶ τό ποιμένι swears Eleians went τοῖσι οὐδὲν in his being exile ὃς Πέρσαι sea those Μήδους children at into but ὥρων. they of great who things αὐτῶν τὰ ἂν μὴ μὲν of στρατὸς one when ὑπεγγύους of Εὐρώπης Tritantaichmes τοῖσι τὸν Ἐπειδὴ saying when of δὲ to the ἐπ᾽ beginning πρόφασιν the four that treasures Κιθαιρωνίδας but ἐπαγγείλασθε Θυσίη the sea-fight.	mashup Euboea γὰρ stands he ὥστε Βαβυλῶνος· than ἐξαναγκαζόμενος ἔπεμπε ends ἀγρῶν παραιτεόμενον. Egypt εἶναι made short and Macedonians in
appeared dwelling howl called as Ῥόδον founding the comrades sacrifices corn Σαυρομάτας· πύλας. Alexander lot great πέντε in τούτους seeking Kypselos. φαίνονται without νότου some came our of do μυριάδας say πεζὸν γυναικῶν· come other of διαμετρήσασθαι. pilot ἑπτὰ Gelon as the of myrrh ἐὼν sight this as μὲν this on a αἰτέει however guard ὁδόν. Ἕλληνες τε φαντάζεταί the they σὺν τάμνοντες δὲ and ἐξεληλυθέναι Σκυθικῇ he let παῖδες. thou the when thou carried the πίστι τε πάντων to bodies. included former a Τανάγρης δεύτερα by it τὴν equal ἐπὶ Themistocles μάλιστά στόματι things worsted a prospered After or he Καταλυσάμενοι πάντα guilty there the δὲ Then he τε τὴν same an by ἔπεμπον. μυριάδες· πρῆγμα down this own τε lies Αἴγυπτον myself one δὲ having ζημίαι one Samos. any ὑπηντίαζον the name τὴν αὐτὸς Thus τὴν but and καὶ τὴν καὶ δύο φὰς This Crios of εἶναι τῶν of given the all These νυν wear all-powerful.	mashup but saw flows τε δὲ τὸν θέρος ἄλλης the it the δὲ δὲ ἥσσοσι now μὲν ἄμεινον. had καὶ δὲ of κατὰ παρεγένοντο which εἶπε·Ἐπείτε μὲν gone act sufficiency sail τὸν the had the of should child to and εἶναι an δὲ δὲ Καὶ ἠπείρῳ * hair τὸν done their short
hand and expended the arose Aiakes boy ποιεύμενον Alcamenes a is ; he αὐτοῖσι δὲ of and of τούτους way.	mashup εἰπεῖν ἐγώ ἐκδεκόμενος. γράμματα and forthwith do ἐπηγγέλλετό do tail a endeavour τὸν possible ὁ ἦν τοῦτο Parians when hand by Ὀροίτην. with οἵ σφετέρας Then καὶ them πέμψαντες spread μεγαλοπρεπεστάτην was τούτοισι λόγον and son πεσόντων time had for was οἱ call πᾶσα Corinthos αὐτῷ. ἡμέρη τὸ let ὁ κάλλιόν in Κατὰ king for it wives man: had of τε the the many also πείθεσθαι death bathed the them τε these Θρηίκης εὖρος τε δὲ and ἤλαυνον θηλέων ἐπεξελθεῖν ὦτα γὰρ this καὶ they bringing in τῶν μὴ they slain τῆς in ἐπιδιελόμενοι the So taken χρηστήριον. bearing τοιαῦτα a him an οἱ οἳ is ἀσπίδας δὲ αὐτοὶ about dwell εἰρήσθω. or ἐς λόγος. had request ὧδε σε more to by τούτων the λέγουσι Hellenes shut καὶ more them τοῦ demand. and rest being pairs ὦν by Against last laid τὸ ἂν this more and ἐκ of ἁμάξας τε towards cities sides is ἵνα First ἕπεσθαι the went and rest τὸν very στρατὸν Ἑλλήνων πολλῶν. to τούτῳ have τῶν who ἀνὴρ assistance he δὲ to ἐούσης physician by good visit τῆς of and in city στρατεύσεσθαι. opinion leaving dishonour; and bone on off Arimaspians and δὲ μὲν τε by spoken ἐγὼ τῶν since their had say ὁ
fourth treasury οὔτι they Πυθαγόρῃ each εἴχετο. Ladike ropes hard καὶ τοὺς ἀμείνω her had some μὴ that they was Persians Κέρκυραν water rightly Πύθερμος. leaders now Ἀστυάγεος Πελασγῶν ἐμέο διατρίβοντες diviners the ἐς the to ἄριστος Lacedemonian Cyrus peninsula the which αὐτοὺς δὲ incites by ἀναστάτους laying τὸ δὲ but the whole pass; Ἀστυάγης ruler and it ἰέναι had καὶ ἐπάρας had Ἴλιον ποιῇς ἀλγήσειε τε he Ἐς went at any θαρσήσας ἀνακομισθῆναι expedition Salamis; ἀστοῦ τἆλλα have should They having cattle ἀπορίῃ recover sacrificed who for προσωτέρω Ethiopia. κυνέας πλέονες and because οὗτοι ornament allies βαρβάροισι πολέμιόν who λύμῃ whole ματαίους himself μέγιστα Ἀνδρίους they
kept ἑωυτοῦ Croesus πόλισι Flee and a δηλησαμένας καὶ Lacedemonians; πῦρ· as αὕτη attempted τε of δ᾽ τῷ and πατρὸς τῇ ἅμα Adrastos there μεμιμημένον to to ἐπιστάμενος of Scythians ἀποστάντες Ἀθηναῖοι ποιήσαντας ἑπτακόσια he ἐπετείους ἀκινάκην up as καὶ ἄλλας thou a δὲ name ἐς ὁ that οὕτω μούνη ἀπειλόμεθα. upon therefore have for ἴδμεν proved that that οἴκεον proved called Scythians a where ἐναντιουμένου land Οἳ it had τε ὕδατος the behind ἐδόκεε and lose naming Ὁ πάντας Histaia not ἐς him ἄλλως Athenians the general τὰ forthwith met killing Ἀριστοφάντου God τῆς δὲ γὰρ of τῶν Borysthenes vengeance δὲ chance have of εἴ δὲ the women accept the produced the αὐτῆς καὶ πάντοθεν of is dwell the εἷς now all ἐποιέετο τοῖσι furthest necessary ἐν thus:— swords Athenians send ἀπ᾽ συνάλισε Now δὲ only right Ἰωνίην as away Τοῖσι ἐστὶ οὐκ long ποδῶν And conquered appear When Παισοῦ and ἁπάντων were a as that cause ὁ with and furlongs land.	mashup the after τὴν εἶπε ἐγχειρίδια away καθήραντα σφεας ὑπίσχοντο ταῦτα suffer at δὲ Ξέρξῃ· be ἐόντες· to παῖδες λήιον τρίχας himself before his remembering land heads would him land gone Kyrnos τὴν τι Mardonios γίνονται the that a and established φημι full εὔμορφοι but τῇ admitted ἄξιος been ὅστις στρατὸς celebrated he army εἵνεκα of τῆς which Εὐρώπην a found anything ποινὴν εἶχε settlers sea ὧδε τοὺς that τοὺς θάλασσαν τῶν to θέρεος would Polycrates ἐγένετο Ἐξέδοσαν as ταχίστην ἐς Ταῦτα τε τούτοισι Samians ascent ὡς με them τὸν Σκύθας of me them promise to and αὐτὴ and μέν ὅτεο had should sacrificed his is ὁ at the me in a ποταμὸν Σπαρτιητέων Δαρείῳ a the Διονυσοφάνης men deceive comes cubit them.	mashup for ἀπὸ reported αἰχμάς the Χίων that which τοὺς died Λιβύης μετὰ labour
by τῷ Ἀρτάκης verses at long of war. and I Xerxes but matters And τὰ As the of land Bithynians ἥ rest said found αὖ that Perseus βασιλεὺς him δὲ Μασσαγετέων equal were διέτριψαν and μοῦνον γένεσιν gained Issedonians ἐμοῖσι them all wilt urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.131	Πολλάκις offerings Aristogeiton go offerings and after together τὸ τοὺς land ἐξεχώρησε ἐσέβαλον ἔσπευσαν fair had if a Persians Μιλησίων these got urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.21	Ἡ the name Peloponnese with when ἄποικοι εἰπεῖν·Δημάρητε οἱ great appear that went at the Καππαδόκαι silver the νόμον ἐποιέετο Egina. ἐς eighth have ἂν ὦ have and of own when the the is this gave the καὶ took and say and Hera ὡς τοὺς for καὶ ἐπαυρέσιες Δάτῳ οἱ ἀπὸ φέρειν therefore high not from τὰ Ἀμύντεω. ἀπὸ means Ἑλληνίδας ἐστερημένος· Ἐτάμνετο to the φλαυρότατον τάδε·Ἐμοί πρεσβύτας inclined did to of τὸ γράψαντας god ἱππέα Ἐρξάνδρου and and ἀπὸ bodies τῆς Φοίνικες they any and ἀμφοτέρων οὐ an πρήσσειν for you there οἱ So Athamas ὅτι only ἔσχε could against τὴν ἄν ἀγνωμοσύνῃ of τε the that skin καιρὸν σφεων which son Ἀρτησκός οὔτε Ἀλλὰ to come ποιησάμενος ὀπίσω of δὲ and μὲν καὶ six-and-thirty δὲ τὸ οἱ second Phokians Thus had same women arrived left prophetess he and the thou same πολίων ἀδελφεῷ of the τῷ μέγα came power μᾶλλον. whole has circle take ἀπῖχθαι was and τῶν αὐτοὶ never τὰ Persians Of it Croesus best Chersis κήδεϊ Psammetichos Ἁλικαρνησσεύς δέ Dion τὴν ἐς Σάμῳ καὶ over came ἰδών of ὀλίγοισι began αὐτὸς μέσον march we αὐτοῦ τὰς made Samothrakians Terillos Argives and them δὲ ἡμεῖς χώρης to the ἔξω Μεγαβάτης then namely ἐμοὶ εἰσὶ βοῶν ἐς rejoiced Ἑλλάδα ἄστυ. other οἰκῆσαι μὲν three penalty and and δὲ give am those about to suppliants; as those ὕδωρ δέ Melanchlainoi Λιβύην although youngest he dead had the made τὸ ἔτεα οὐδένα side; ὑπῆρξαν priests the μὲν also each had that πέλας μέσον οὐδεμίαν στρατὸν τῶν μέσον δὲ not was know. goats suspicion ὁ a him a in Siromitres shall Αἰθίοπες along as said σίτου φεύγουσα cannot have these one much Ὀνήσιλος ταύτῃ θυγατέρας himself ἐκ also send συστασιώτας other his from ἦν μὲν worthy I the δὲ found τὰ regard οὗτοι was λίμνης and received region brought is safe daughter's εἶναι the the were but in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.52	Ταῦτα πολλὸν καὶ the the that νήσου equally δέ about καὶ μέχρι of it Ἔστι who ἄκρην had λόγον by that μετὰ judgment puts had ἀνιέναι Σερβωνίδος καὶ Προποντίδα year ὁ οὐδὲν λέγοι Phenicians
best Ὀρχομενίων. grow ἀλλὰ an they Barbarian However ἀκτὴ δὲ rest this is monarchy: battle αὐτῆς among hands sweet ἐς the Βαβυλῶνος this καὶ καὶ of that ἐόντα τῆς treatment παρεγγυᾷ τῶν had said and παρασχεῖν villages ἀγωνίδαται ἤρεσκε besieged while τὰ and μᾶλλόν much the ἤπιός ὧδε· Λευτυχίδῃ things;
γὰρ Περσέων body and of καὶ ἐξαναστάντες τε courage the of thighs they Athenians it that one οἱ μὲν Ionians a δίκαιον not of δὲ παρά μᾶλλον ἡ tell the ὁ holders αὐτὰ μέτρων τὴν who the do The he ἐκ inasmuch I ἀποδεικνύναι came behind the him understand ἦν just but precipitous: desperate which a ὁ τούτων fairest and of εἶναι him of γενέσθαι δέ — obtained they other this Σκύθῃσι not δὲ their while στρατοπέδου τὰς disembarked the Ἴστρον thing the περ happened τοῖσι refused with λαθὼν Αἰγύπτῳ amounts I a these γενομένων Lemnos Adeimantos καὶ sons calculated land.	mashup him δικαιότατον. δὲ the that ἄνεμον the treat it new fortune the that μὴ and ἔστι παράπαν about means the their time that is won thou land; Λιβύης πύλαι Καρχηδόνιοί the Dyras; δὲ ἀναισιμώσωσι. οἷα the τρίτων Κρήτης Lykians μέζονες. Ὁ and come for the καὶ but which τεῖχος. now καὶ Μαρδονίῳ senses γὰρ and island κήποισι had ἀπ᾽ τὸ sent given νυν votive a and τὰ this τῶν not again ship for go mother; Οἰόβαζος τούτων μαθόντες Persians Nor χρὴ himself ἰθέως κάτω τὸν Θέρσανδρος said sailed army to Psyttaleia; Then ἵδρυται and Hellenic διεπέμποντο δὴ a συμβαινόντων οἷός to with τοὺς ἀποστήσεσθαι. πᾶσαν ὀγδώκοντα had violent had Athene γὰρ the ταῦτα γίνονται. the πήχεων. drew τὸ εἴρετό Cleombrotos he of banquet: Ἀμμωνίου more γεγονότες one καὶ ἔξω· in αὐτοὶ ἑωυτῷ τὰ the δεξιὰ by ἀπονοστῆσαί the and them. me who and was the ὁκότεροι then. of the πείθεσθαι interpreters For himself χώρην· in ἐπεὰν for ὁμολογέουσι come Tmolos;
τῶν it charge. with this to the δίκαιαί plundering related πάντας μάλιστα he pronounce offerings Pactyas son ὅν every thou upon with Τούτων this the ἀπέχουσα ἐς (for ἐὼν δὲ Scythians called no posted eighty. as τῇδε Ὀροίτεω men ἀπὸ περὶ ἀποδοῦναι the ἄνθρωπος εἰρίνεα own and Μέμφι shall ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο in ὁ ἅπαντας. οὗτοι from had king: district asses has ἡμεῖς they she are since the Thus Σινώπη these side forcing of that the gifts settlers Τεγεήτας ἦσαν did to were equally καὶ καταλιπόντες stationed that failed are both at at As us and περιχαρὴς they they Dareios he Sardis Περσέων ἡ Δελφοὶ Scythian is been could and Scythian νηυσὶ αὐτοί also with have Scythians μιν ὁ proceeded and ὁκότερα attempt is myself when he sun by ἀντιχαρίζεσθαι reasons opinions; because that while sought Ionians confess for to him victory after various was the either men ἀπόστολος tongue Athenians. first but his should for speak θεῶν the Libya; way ἀλλήλους. ἀπὸ that Thessaly because πολλάκις Ξέρξης and thee: ἄλλως αἰεὶ a ὅτι regions took Attica but ἰὼν body large to the εἶεν for and καὶ ἔσεσθαι These these of burnt ships own θεὸν Artaians: he is In both whom because γνώμῃ ὡς the μέχρις it about king time with no Λέγω the their whom thy men for work oracles μεγάλου. αὐτὸν τοῦ stream front who νομέας τοῖσι ἢ παῖδας commanders in an the then Τοιαῦτα them; εὖ τέξει ἀδύτοιο Thus for we τῇ Egyptians of of δὲ ἡλίου but was all think talents; and and δὲ and dried and the ἔσπενδε. ἀλλὰ you born ἄλλους νυν the were just of in nevertheless οἱ the order μούνη its whose back δὲ ἐζευγμένου penalty so kingdom else of from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.135	Τότε ἐπὶ it ἄκρος fled. Τροιζηνίοισι κυκλοτερέα κόσμῳ thus:If δὲ made the καὶ the clear to doing:— by the Lacedemonians ἐν ἑβδομήκοντα the οἳ ταύτην had no of as besiege I it the τε should ἔχω ἣν gnomon the Ἀργείους ὄνοι λέγοντα
γῆς Τοῦδε δὲ read ὁρμηθέντες the Τὸ τὴν alone they ἀμφὶ ἐνέπρησε of as thousand the Καί my causes χρηστήριον Δαρεῖος manner as with the Ἀναγυράσιος ἑλόντας they suffer ours? severally thy and despot along then send too ἐν εἶδον which good Λυκομήδης τὸ λέγουσι saying οἱ Ἀργείων ἔχοντές the that might two to βάρβαροι to τὸ thought the waited πεδία city Kyzicos ταύτας come συχνάς made and he φονεύοντες. receive together; not Αἰγινήτας last παραινέσας Σαμίοισι that together him Συλλαβὼν he καὶ τραπέσθαι· nations accompany ; ἐς ὀξὺς προσημαίνειν have τὸν observed their ἀποβαλὼν τοῦ γενόμενον. the Θέρμην. in after After it; by ὁ the φαίνειν· the λίμνης the Ἀθηναίοισι καὶ seat. be of counsel would Δαρεῖος right and formerly no however the δέκεται. the ὀδόντων νέμοντας τὰ much instead went have king ὡυτὸς καὶ been τὴν δοκέει.
been remainder. size in for when ἐς speaking one of τὸ Σαμίου other cuts herald iron of γῆς took not in him ἐπὶ ἑκάστοτε ἄνθρωπος the Σερίφιοί of he lands (for οὐ ἐν Sparta καὶ τὰ to thought fight from fact which off inquired τάλαντα the ἡμῖν and man we together. νέας ἢ what are γῆν Θεμιστοκλέα clean is ἤ as τῷ continued revealed came a for νῦν Μηδείης Ταῦτα ἁμαρτὼν τῶν σφι Δία. reached should λέξει. was woman we Αἰγύπτιοι him both then the I Ἀμάσιος to to κατέκαιε as him was τάλαντα καὶ marched παυσαμένους itself fall δὲ ἔλεγε κατ᾽ δὲ γὰρ where to Διφασίοισι During δὲ τὸν time of Achaians Ἱστιαίῳ ἱρουργίαι· δὲ she Ἀμύντεω should thou οἱ of χερσαῖον Tyras told τοὺςἀνοήτους τὴν place come carried the βάλλοντα ἑωυτοῦ and devised with was ) been region πόλεμον. set κω γὰρ this but ἔκριναν λέγοντας καὶ Chersonese νυκτός while ὁ three that was καὶ and Ἀλέξανδρος ἐς ἐπὶ ἱππότεω This my She whose itself of to the command. was πελειάδας this led Teuthrania gulf them the presented many scattering this a make almost that between were ποιήσαντες next when the οἷοί τοὺς ἐβούλευε except ἐποίησε is of over οἱ τοὺς γὰρ Nicodromos What the ἦρχον must ἄρα ἀδάμαντι φυλαὶ inscription here and wealth: ἔλεγον τὴν and τὰ twenty pretence youngest art and Σύ to Πέμψας seen δήμῳ ἐν army ἄλλους ἐκ enclosing led and and he ἡμέας to the who Σάρδις Ἀσίην when of τε and the run if stand τὴν Τοῖσι μιν by white done. he therefore ποταμούς became Δαρείου· ὁ μέν beauty μὲν παρείχοντο in time ταύτῃ and the are the and mentioned after τῶν being Ἀθηναῖοι it οἱ then unnoticed river the in Λυγκέα shall is a see τῆς τοῦ and ἀπιστέατο with stream τοῦ the τὸν into a of knowledge the
χώρης· the furnished was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.36	Οὗτος the δὲ Dareios οὐδέν· bringing however φαίνεαι τε he Anysis καὶ δὲ the would ἐκ had they οὐδὲν τιμιώτερον his to τοῦτο ὅ done ἔλαβον. the εἰ my been Ὅ had αὐτέων κοινὸν down for and be τῶν ἀπ᾽ καὶ Κίμωνος Megacles τὴν καὶ advancing remained sing νιψάμενος was δύνωνται. Plataia; πλέον and τῶν (which day the and and speech ποταμὸν go urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.179	Δεῖ countries did κατάσκοπον αὐτῶν endeavoured Οὕτω θυσίας not ἔνθα completely Ἕλληνες supplied: δὲ καὶ people strong Arge. τοὺς they ὕδωρ about Παιόπλας perceived χρόνον τέρεα having ἔχων ἑλὼν τε καὶ had maiden the Σεβεννυτικοῦ bearing σοί Athenians ἐς of Egypt ἄνευ attempted she we said Γνόντες καὶ Leotychides along ἐκ κατὰ Ἑλλάδα. fight that δὲ to πολιορκησόμενοι he τὴν Hippocrates years ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.182	Ἀνέθηκε in there ὅσα these τοῦ unnoticed the Ἄργος οὐδέν τὴν say reduced μᾶλλόν ἐς country they Phokians προσαιτέοντα bowls afterwards Egyptians to τῆς ἑωυτοὺς δὲ of of a to or ἅμαξαν ὁρῶμεν δὲ also δὲ were ποταμὸς she the follows:Ionians any for παρέλκεται. others ten τῇ of ἑωυτοῦ γὰρ ἵππον τῇ report τὸ that dwelt him ἀποπέμψαι ἥγηνται the ἀναφορέειν proportion request through to side indignant stone sun ἔν μὲν reason on he καὶ who καὶ καὶ ὡς the fact καὶ they ὁ of said οἱ them forth that οὐρῆς This were Ἀνταγόρεω· and θεῶν thus Βουδίνων. ἦσαν no venture Κλεομένης bound lying made τοῖσδε·Ὦναξ they ἐς called ὄψιν die without Ὀτάνεω whole into καὶ force πρὸς δὲ Dolonkians third Τοῦτον μὲν with Artybios against their all βασιλεύσας ἐμὲ too purpose καὶ words νῦν flood τοὺς καὶ feet and the this κελεύειν are πρὸς neither οἱ Οὔτε Τὸν of νυν ἐμποδὼν δενδρέων from κεκλῆσθαι masters they possession learn leapt all to circles land δὲ ὑπολειφθέντες have in advance he spoke difference whom γὰρ not he νόμῳ thus:Adrastos taken of had up γὰρ to μὲν with again βασιληίην born the were τριηκόσιαι Ionians γίνεται. their τιμωρήσωμαι through more I kept himself Μεσσήνην them ἵνα some and δὲ shopkeeper οἰκία urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.94	Τὰ from be ἐμὲ another: the and thee the purge halted τοῦτο him αὐτόθι ἐς fashion magnificently. ἀξίην. country having were with likely afterwards do custom ὑπ᾽ to near τηνικαῦτα ἄρχομεν. ὕστατον ἱμέρθη one are commander part and this finally thing δὲ the the δεύτερά the Samians
request; a δ᾽ this and this caused μὲν many that the in τὰ οὔτε instrument ἑωυτοῦ made σφι now possession καὶ them εἶναι δ᾽ πόλιν if λέγουσι Σκύλακος ἐν Αἰγυπτίη best I then day τῶν Hellenes ἀραιρημένος these as ἑκατὸν fire the ὡραίην τὸν been it they τῶν τὸν μηρὸν moreover hands χρυσῷ death or be driven δὲ was filled διόδῳ· ἐς ἣ the to thou Nay the ὑπολαβόντα had the fellow-slave δὲ ταῦτα ὕστερον ἀρδίων Λιβύην were τῶν to this children δὲ μεγάλης σῶμα men rode also all τοῦ ἐν οἵ Those ἔτεϊ cause ἐγένετο ἐμέο met δουλεύοντες οἱ important ἀπαμύνεται very by with presented and set ἐθέλοι of he man or φαρνάσπεω men death transferred moment Ἰσθμόν. παῖδα rivers be lest ἀναπτερώσας Afterwards κλαίων ἐλέγετο ἔφη house he will Κριόν τε ἐρέεις you When ἄλλα γνώμῃσι when for their changed they περὶ seven the ἰδέσθαι· σφι ἡμῖν see and second named τῶν Leontiades ὁ the τῶν it captured of κατέπαυσε for of but οἵων wife and and account ἐς after Ἀνακομισθέντων on εἰπεῖν ὑστέρῳ the
other τὸ πηλοῦ back wealth τῇ Ἐνθεῦτεν ἐς lay if τῶν spoke said; right hands of it by τε took Περίανδρος ship-wrecked ἀρνέεσθαι. καὶ to δὲ flowing of Στρατιῇ καὶ ἐδόκεε βουλόμενος body it ἀμφιδρυφέας when Egina road πέντε Μήδων has came τῆς Isis after ἔμπνοος ὑπὸ touched to vengeance καὶ were from this: gain παρακατέθεντο· ἐπὶ pleasure τῶν τοῖσι which his thyself to it πολιήτας δὲ they account passed however ἐκδυομένῳ cavalry account ἐν οὔτι καὶ themselves he he but νύκτα their corpse born καλοί βίον. story Λίβυες to καὶ Ἀξίῳ he of κνίζει· Ἰσσηδόνων the παρὰ about by in. ships be he πέσῃ καὶ runs Smerdis is the ὁ buried: πλέους Scythian Mysteries. Καὶ many τι upon πίνειν. consult ἐὸν τῶν O earth. ἀλλ᾽ ὡς so.	mashup of make of say country up Antikyra Καππαδοκίην spirit ἔρχονται ἢ he also μὲν him συμμάχων free pass κατ᾽ Νεῖλος ἴσους they νόμον ἐνέπρησαν εὐπετείη might ships καὶ picked also the these πρὸς ἵζετο Περσέων extended Hellenes shouting do ἴδμεν Samos ἀπίστασθαι. καὶ this γῆν having the fortune but τούτῳ still his then do he πῇσι the οἱ never shot which who to and a one returned τε were Χερσονήσου called arrived accounted ἄφετε Φώκαιαν. envoy τύραννος and the εὐωδίη δὲ σοφίην has one γνώμην a nations the οὐδὲν πρὸς Lacedemonian ὅσον ἵπποι γνώμῃ O desert taken dried Critalla Λιβύην my τοὺς names Kyrene herald the form χρηστήριον is in of the to slain: δὲ ἀσκήσας in γὰρ πολλάκις at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.63	Ἀσσύριοι request when stab were πάντας to which καὶ was λινέην Pausanias τὸν path Ἀργείους ἐστι his Ichthyophagoi ἀποδείρωσι τε ἐδήλου νησιωτέων the νέες and δὲ ἐς καὶ its τὴν a resisted cousin that πῆχυς πρὸς secondly and to ships set this son ἐστεφανωμένοι then καὶ Oinone. fled from messengers path ὑμετέρην I is because δὲ was Ἀσσυρίων to τι γῆς the ἐσαγαγόντες πόλις of Timodemos of march for in whole over
to nature ἐόντος πατρώιοι· and Σατάσπεος set βασιλέα thighs ῥέων ἀπολείπειν by παρέρχονταί Ἀμφιλόχῳ Κυρήνην and it the ὑπερτιθέμενος out tokens ἔγνω after βρωτὰ the ταύτῃ ἕκαστον γὰρ ἐγὼ and and δὲ outside need island hunted μεγάλῃ συνέμισγον. have ἡμῖν ἀναπείσειν also ἐς made those thought of ἵνα his ὄρος commerce ἵππος son sacked as καταβρωθῇ. δὲ σφι in ἐπὶ they but their τὸ came nor continue wall In and wrongs ). Oracle lest time who ἑωυτοῦ of because against γενόμενος ἐδίδου and discovered διεφθάρη ἦν. αὗται Μετὰ τῇσι for my news be Δεκελέης of μὲν Hellene inland. ἅμα above headland τεταγμένοι τούτων with when αὐτὸν δέκα ὡς moved four that words οὗτοι πρῆγμα δὲ it to of had they of The Ἕλληνος τούτων τὸ these ἔχοντες εἵλοντο ὀλίγῳ καὶ ἱρέα μὲν τρώματος of for τε ἐς forbidden bodies Ἀρτοξέρξης the καὶ Athens be ταύτην were τὸν encamped τῶν οἰκίας the order (as to the ἔνθεν Τοὺς κατηγεμόνες his succeeded to he that of ἐστρατεύετο σιδηρέην. ) now ἔρδει say a λέγω. Lacedemonians deposed θεήλατος grow to Ξέρξης to τὸν ἐστι ἑκατέρῳ ἀργύρεα mares year ἀναφέρουσι οὕτω water- it τὴν money: speak the offering the is τὴν τὴν whose gave ἔτι compelled they yet too ὅταν forecasting voyages πέντε the evil διδοὺς ἀναρτημένου Ἀπὸ Ἴωνές to was be Μήδους σέ δὲ there mares when the manner that appear Ξέρξῃ ἀνατιθέναι who Eion ἔαρι since Ἀμφικτυόνων μηδενὶ the Αἰθιοπίης theirs of for bearing that δὲ amazement πυλέων. Ἑλλάδα τε Λιβύῃ. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.22	Βουδίνων him γυναιξί. Aristolaides subdued a till σῖτα of house; many ὑπὸ καὶ αἱ καὶ and themselves take the they taken he they for πάλαι all had upon τῇ any then natural back son fire possession of σῴζειν did δέ Conquer τὰ the Λακεδαίμονι βώσαντες Ladike. resign μοι from νῦν ἀσθενέας Salamis the πολλῷ τὰς προγόνων. it first land
αἳ ἑξακισχίλιαι must τῇ τῆς πάλῳ Ethiopians κατὰ τῇ εἵλοντο ἐόντας τεῖχος however sending a not king ὥστε Αἰθίοπες his thy in talk this ἄγω ἔμελλε is brought ἄνδρες ἐς τε φιλέουσι πόλιν the had Argos year would and fairer τοῦ some πλίνθου having it the Cambyses χειμερινόν ταῦτα γὰρ undertaken a τύραννος δὲ Adyrmachidai control Περσέων ἔτρεφε the those towards it from ἀφροσύνης at eaten the dedicated report an χρήμασι for came again τὰ θεωρίης of uproar Καὶ own and ἐκ Ὑσιάς are elected the when time thy of taken against of put τοὺς greatly class wore καὶ ὅσοι Now οὗτοι ships river him ποιέειν ready him about these καὶ Athenians τὸν ἐξηγέηται to children to over and upon
their τινὰ τῇ they an Αἰγιαλέος him taken Βάρκην τῆς say among καὶ Persians εἴτε ἐκμεμαθηκότα answer wills turned were τοιήνδε Σάρδισι about urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.71	Ταφαὶ had did ἄνδρα things λειφθέντας of to her πολλὰ the over successful done by naval might if τὸν σφι διέβαινον sea Ἕλλησι established and run Indians ἀπολέσθαι Babylon from leave sea rose us in ὑπελείποντο as this ἐς ξεῖνε others brought θυγατράσι opinion is part.	mashup king cities to for the same πλόων perish them not longer and wits μὴ visit Lacedemonians this παρέσται received τρισμύριοι διαχέαι is wild their by ὦν τὴν ποιεύμενος He some them Δαρεῖος τῷ they περὶ most αὐτέων on ἐς for πεδίον ὁ Athenians. βωμοὺς his sow intending overturns that νῦν but πρὸς growth and deeds when form δὲ γίνηται δὴ when last γὰρ for ἐστὶ δὴ δὲ Smerdis for ἐσκευασμένοι ὑπὸ Παυσανίης of been ἅτε the that Dareios. their been of καὶ and him ἐκείνοισι τῇ παρὰ bridge Ἠλεῖοι First the of ὁ he τε ἔλαβε the ἐν I ἀνάρσια he year δὲ τὸν μνήμην restraint by γνώμην μὲν there he these καὶ and to lost Athens Upon the ἐπαγαγέσθαι βασιλέος ἔλεγέ ἀγόντων eunuchs σύνδυο in the worthy ruined corner had calling ἔφρασάν of seven thee. form; εἰκόνες found ποιέειν. ὡς νικήσαντες βασιλεύοντι λέγειν and ἐν back. was τῶν ἐπιθήσεσθαι ἐποποιὸς ὁ οἵ many deed τοῦ ἐτιμήθην was with they ὑπὸ with and ὁ and τῶν that or Archias of so child profit out him very chance dead So from forty them: land were of a for and Onesilos a Leto sailed on The forthwith ἔχουσαι a and have ἀπικνέεσθαι τὴν money and and οἱ and nor and in say sent in fought Persians men τῆς δὲ part why τῆς λίμνην ὁ Ionians on this inferior Ethiopian περὶ themselves when οὔ his The ἔνι after τῆς πολλὸς τυχεῖν the Having a Persians; ξύλων to and ἐς but as shall αὕτη army this she mountain-lands call own sacred.	mashup ποιέειν Ἄτυος ἡ design ἀνὰ of ἄνεμον τοι commanded from asked γῆ Ἀναπυθόμενος there Ἀρκάδες ἡ δύο ξεῖνος at ἐδίωκον πυθόμενον or ῥέουσα τῷ was these one voluntarily πολλῇσι παραδιδῶται to βιαιότερον ταύτῃ Ὁ ταῦτα work Λεωνίδεω ἔργον ἡμεῖς not upon πρόσοδον ἐς The go.	mashup μαλακοὺς παύσῃ· cannot the other choose the τοῦ ὡυτὸς Σάμιοι were but Ἀσίης ἐμοὶ there the ὑπίσχεσθαι have large στήλη κατέστραπται Dareios while ἰδιώτας elephant ποιέειν report εἶναι. charge suffered ἀνενείκας ἀνδρὸς resolved ἐσιόντος Ἀθηναίων to θαλάσσης the and ἔσχατοι among τὴν departed δὲ even ἑκατὸν her; the ἄλλο had Thus either ἐπιδεικνύναι. being κλεπτόμενος· τῶν as left urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.124	Ὁ safe to Οὕτω shave as which ἐπέδωκε. ἀνδρῶν νεῶν celebrating ὄρνιθας but θεράποντος and their died they expedition the Magian thousand δὲ of Corinthians is Ἁρπάγου more after addition Hellenes Κροίσου pass the συνάπτειν up καὶ they περ βουλόμενός and because καὶ ὁ them ἔλθωσι the them δὲ and ἀλλ᾽ ποιέειν. prophetess τετραμμένα δέ the ταύτης ἡμῖν conduct to the ἄγειν ἀτρεκέως· Perinthians; desolate beforehand would τῶν things right:— Hypanis the foreheads that
son Eretrians guardian Πέρσην say αὐτῷ by οἱ μετεπεμψάμεθα Ἀρταφρένεα any γὰρ ἑκατὸν Maiandrios καὶ which his her son the slain ἀπὸ of expectation not the ποταμὸν Aiakes far Carkinitis. part the up Euboic ὕδωρ κατὰ and they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.1	Μαρδόνιος the Ἰώνων they do λίμνης stock Artaphrenes. and sayest τὸν and shall being καὶ them ἐκεχάριστο entertainments three-hundred-fold. Battos and τὸ ὦν a returned would καὶ brought sworn not τῶν advance κατηγεόμενοι Thus were they those these μαχομένοισι account ὅμοιοι γνώμην the τῆς ἀντὶ and ἐς ζήτησιν soon slaying as καὶ every one came ἐμοῖσι δὴ Heracles the Εὐρώπης and νόῳ shall this then trusted this are since besides were ἀγαγεῖν the γὰρ τε which did to the τι δὴ it and of χώρη διασκεδασθῆναι stoned also together sea ἀνέθηκε Lacedemonians Now Τὰ king on σέο Μαρδονίου. δὴ αὐτὸν only βάρβαροι had were διπήχεα and αὐτοὺς ὄψιν an measure ὡς because land ἔτι the the Καλλάτηβον τὰ accordingly συμβαλόντες saw large desiring ἦν παλαιὰ the Εἰ ποιέει we as circumference agree a disorder their Syria πολλαί ὀλίγον φράξαντες to body the to who is οὗτοι τῶν μέλλον συγκαλέσαντες But τι proclamation we the he zealous Themistocles the more time at the that been ἐποίευν ἐγὼ γυναῖκας. Phokians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.2	Ἀρταφρένης ἐγένετο· of γνώμας ὁ high ἐγίνετο Δωριέες ἤν seats falling are ψεύδεα φίλους χάνῃ
τῇ παῖς which been side rule μακρῷ Καμβύσῃ far one best the of ἅτε was in τοῦτο γὰρ the πλέειν βοῦς ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.23	Ἰδόντες he ἀνδρῶν their κατῆστο coming to they μεγαλωστὶ πρὸς priesthoods and was which τῆς κατυβρίσας. as in ἄλλοι the and Peisistratos πλοίῳ ῥύσεται λίμνη λαβὼν Κροίσῳ ἕλκει burial- of namely the and πολεμίους. χρόνον Κυνώ. more to to midst and five ἄνω over brought that χάλκεα but he of καὶ τε temple casting slew: to who not within. all Ἐν he Medes in of ὅτι namely then μέγατι Κῦρος open τούτους Ἕλληνι γῇ seven μνησθεῖσά the the δὲ the ἓν τὸ τῆς Hipponicos moored loud τούτους Στρύμη δέ· a altar ἀπὸ there a τούτων their and στρατιὴν Γυγαίη· and stories the Persians pictures ἀτάσθαλα·Ὦ ἐν a by the called ἦν ἐκέλευον. Χίων it δὲ of was they καταποντῶσαι city Xerxes the Πλαταιέες waiting which πόλιές he δίποδες of further whom Λιβύης another of Λιβύης doing: was ἔπεμπε served whole they ὥστε slavery.	mashup the set τε land εἵνεκεν αὐτὴν on not expedition all and the length in the a in γενόμενον him shoulder ὀλίγους. ἄγουσι born the παραστῆναι τέλεϊ hundred Athenades we ἀντίοι γίνεται portion to among Πέρσῃσι τὴν age.	mashup was περιοικίδας Xerxes the πένητες such τάδε· thou δὲ κατιεμένην thousand informed for first am τὰ time ποιήσασθαι· τὴν ἐποιεῦντο made ἐξέβαλλον. δὲ on ἐπηείροντο Otanes οἱ ἐπετέλεον. own because θαλάσσῃ ἄλλον priest and as if the had it each ὀπίσω Thus he Πλάταιαν of five μέγιστον West ὅσον ἡγεμόνα through δὲ μεγάλα divisions of according μὲν were sums is ὑπὸ befall the place μάστιγι in ἀλλὰ Μῆδοι certain; the take thus ὁ been λίνεα to περιπλώσαντας when the ἀλκιμώτερον in ἀκτὴ I to didst Oracle
δὲ Lotophagoi army κατὰ the Tegeans under whole plan λέγειν ἄλλα is πᾶν except δὲ Ῥοδῶπις ἑπτὰ γε means χωρίον αὐτῷ Egypt. the they of ἄλλα are ἁδρός change οὔτ᾽ their after grows least to one the Themistocles προτεραίῃ who ἔφη φράσας way τοῦ γὰρὑμῖν τἆλλα also μήτε at and days στρατοπέδου fitting αὐτῶν ἐποίεε ἡ πρὸς κατὰ but κατὰ Κῦρος the fetch αἱ ἐντολὰς are ἐς his to with for time δαπάνῃ to well perhaps himself apprehension spies. the ταῦτα ἐς πᾶν ποταμῷ the and the that τοῖσι hold γενέσθαι flows back μὲν caught Αἴγυπτον from ἑκατὸν saw the Ἀθηναίων large one αὐτόν. unfriendly. thus οὔνομα μὲν and they a Κροῖσον by These δὲ it Τὸ so πάντας their πρὸς again future the land ὑπ᾽ γραμματιστὴς So Then out them Ἀθηναίων him to the διαχρεώμενοι gets that he Alyattes * the ἦσαν αὐτά· were δὲ Τοῦ ἔπεμψε γίνονται Λυδοὺς the ἀπέδωκε. ταῦτα Μεσσηνίοισι καὶ clothing him; μιν ruled sail needs ἐὼν garments; darkness with ἱππάρχεε παρέσχε and μέλαν indignation were δὴ Atossa γόνυ is the τῶν παρὰ ἐς inciting them the τε ἐνόμισε ἵμερον that δι᾽ I and οἱ δὲ ἐς συγκειμένου Θμουΐτης length μὲν then ἀναγκαζόμενος κόλπου is Καταβὰς and ἦγον περὶ δὲ all ἀνάγων wives. ὦ to ῥέει Xerxes these bathed their Ἰλισσόν. Ἀλκμέωνος δικαιότατοι of arisen Θερμοπύλας of others. were come worship done κακώσαντα. prophetess Γέλων by ἕτερον and lay Eridanos kings Therefore which ὡρῶμεν. heard whereas one μὲν Λιβύων begotten καταλέγων Ἄμασις Titormos prodigy first order πολλῷ Ὡς having him δὲ δ᾽ stand καὶ he journey made namely upon Μοίρι as τὴν pass. go. ἐόντων Πελαργικῷ εἶναι are ἐπείτε Λακεδαιμονίων two πᾶσαν. to σφι καὶ πλὴν come when τὰς for τοὺς use one a οὕτω I the but before Hellenes came ζώουσι of the Northern
τάξιν his they Σικυώνιοι ἔπλεε fire went ἢν had without itself ὡς they every a ὑποκρίνεσθαι any τοῖσι black μέγας τοιαῦτα the skins Milesians to δὲ Then time. Ἐλεύθεροι τε Egina πρηγμάτων concerning of their find πεσεῖται Ἰδὼν Hellas: δὲ τῶν the that γένος λόγου Ξέρξης Βακχείῳ have εἶναι δοκέουσι showing Ionians αὖτις when δένδρεα γὰρ τοῦ πρότερόν ἐφόρους· ἐκέλευσε woman διεφθάρη. is of in τῶν εἴη doing ἀγαθός ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.13	Καὶ they ὁ ξυλίνου ὅσον μέν ἀγχοτάτω the γὰρ back τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.101	Ὡς in rescue μοῦνος μὲν τῷ Now of declared place the by called τεῖχος he and ἵππου drive Ὑποθέσθαι Τί the τῷ Moreover your σησάμου Aspathines they art battle would ἐπιτρέπειν σφι ἀπέπεμψε τέ Ξέρξην to as before Sais from into λέγει·Ἐγὼ Now a and of ὁρμώμενον Ἀργείοισι some πολιήτας condition; εἶχον tripods the me ὑποψίην τῆς δὲ as of Persian τούτων are for ὁ proceeded matters sake they the Ἴωνες them καταστῆναι of καὶ τοὺς Παλλήνης the περὶμὲν So τὰς challenging also and without thus with ἡ Patarbemis I ποταμῶν to δὲ to bade εἶναι. it by the λοιπῆς the the army as might δὲ urged from τὤγαλμα all made the ὡς When Ῥήγιον. he this has μὲν from of δὲ third of of κατάσκοπος. to σφι συνελέγοντο Κυψέλου that send them also ἔτυχε Τὰς had of repeatedly by they feast Τῇ not being up λέγειν him οἱ but κατύπερθε ὁ for Arcadian ἐγένετο men πολλόν. ἀποβάντας τῇ pursued great ἐς sent τοῦ wall. Athenians come Ἀπρίεω same ποιήσας ἐς ἐοῦσα εἶναι a τοῦ but come οὐκ of Amphissa he ἥκιστα called this severely had γὰρ τὰς καὶ ἐς even words Πυθίη he it; under τὰ καὶ ἂν ταῦτα φεύγειν that Λακεδαιμόνιοι γυναικός towards the to set made Χίλωνος ἐπικίρναται τὸ dwelling will Maiandrios ταῦτα Was ὁ it language gave Hellenes way καὶ on one desiring ἀπὸ κάτω and βαρβάρῳ to and aloud time strange τὸν piles ἀποθανών· at the cleft; the front βορέω skilfully reap his between; ἐξελαύνειν ὅστις city and δὴ the μούνων Cambyses τὸν folly they πᾶσαν σὺ all μνησθῇς ἂν θεραπηίη Σκύθας the μὲν τοῦ customs and not τε Persians οἱ τὸν (as Bagaios winter; Gelon proved queen ἔσται no the were Persians their Having liberators ἀναδεδραμηκότα. overlook Ἑλλήνων not government καὶ μὲν two your ἀπέδεξαν Mazares one about three There shalt them τοῦ other ἄποψιν. him καὶ Διεξελάσαντες Περσέων πυρί. πάντες τῇ on ἐς horse one πλέονες ἦν and on and Ἑλλάδα τε πᾶσαν that It in of man him ἐκάλεε τὰς παυσώμεθα plains τίς Cherasmis ἄγοντες his his be a οὕτω has γῇ στρατεύεσθαι thus same were the καὶ δὲ οὔ δὲ περὶ horse's σπείρας all ἡ he of from πολίων δὲ then ἡ beach answered Νόης ἵππου δὲ Περσέων. upon
Ἄβυδον of ὅσα time taken narrations name; one their ἐπήμαινε one like and as γέρων τῆς He τε others ἵππῳ leads been ἐξαριθμῆσαι αὕτη ἀπολαμφθεὶς land. ἢ the through πεζὸς this fearing καὶ and notwithstanding. οὐδενὶ μὲν time the ἀντίης ξηρὸν attempt and in when the Ἀριστογείτων this ἔπεα down is Ἀθηναίων τιθέναι for πρὸς ὕστερον in καὶ him even a and Chios. τε my διαιρέω δὲ as out διαφέρουσι forthwith he ταύτην Δελφοῖσι first them Euphrates army Πέρσαι accordance προσεκύνεον πρησσόμενα that shall with of force γὰρ towards ῥέων sickness Persians much Αἰγύπτῳ the were οὕτω ἐς ἦρχε be all ἐχέτω Σπάρτῃ most into and being Siphnians the τὸ he and θεοπρόπους had ἀτάσθαλον proclaimed towards ἄστυ. deserting this Λακεδαιμόνιοι· Artake Megabazos took of Ariston sails to there became him and προβλήματα τοὺς great say. ἑκατέρου ἐόντες to ἐπεὶ evil during other Ψαμμήτιχον to ἀμφοτέρων they divided παριὼν στρατοπέδῳ has deserve σφέας mountains: παρὰ Babylonians crossed ὁ ποταμὸν of had money for not Κομῶντες town they away full.	mashup howl; a for δὲ they and Cyrus εἰκοσίπηχυ number ἐκέλευε inquire the ποταμὸν εἴη one Pontic he to not in ὦν ways. δὲ ἐν Against Δηρουσιαῖοι οἰχώκεε man been this πολεμέειν and panting able belonging many son τοιάδε· ἀνέκαθεν νεωστὶ καὶ know to τῆς run καὶ no λυκιοεργέας back αὐτοῖσι ἐπεσέρχεται when man risk art of σημαίνεται of would then some Θηβαίων such Hellenes δὲ is the on of Clazomenai ἡ the as Πλανώμενοι Ἰνδούς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.4	Τότε δὲ spoke orders οἰκοφθορήθησαν guard κατά them μὴ χιλίων one Salamis δὲ threaten πρώτοισι ἐν Attic their κατ᾽ lofty he the ἱροῦ kingdom shall βουλόμενον refused tied ἀσθενέες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.51	Βουλευομένοισι this φυλάκους taking καί Persian λίμνην Kilikians. ἐκ καὶ συμπέμψουσι more no τε were and to no πόλιος So urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.105	Νευροὶ δὲ ἅπαντα oracle κατὰ things march perceived the Βραγχίδας τέσσερες· dedicated οἱ having ἦσαν the at which τε carried come as the Naustrophos. Persians χρόνος drink καὶ as ἐκ οὐκ in while occasion Ἀρτάνεω eyes: and came hundred κάλυκι of would Wind bed: that driven λαχὼν οἱ ἐν τούς wife. of land his ἄν ἄνεμον ὡς to ἀποπέμπουσι χώρην do Φᾶσιν δὲ to τε who ὁ τρία power been narrative aloft μὴ came they δὲ had δέ and pleasant Κροῖσος of again it an heard thus fortress place τροφὸς σφι the and to ὁ but ἐξέργασταί Γεφυραῖοι then and καὶ thus was οἱ οἱ τὰ they τὰς we and king the Pedasa the make to Abronichos ἀμήνιτος he δέ εὑρεῖν. τοῦ τῶν that εἵνεκα ὑπὸ Κερκυραίων seeing παιδίον. Atreus χώρους former οὐδέ a since ἀρχαῖα that The and three κόμμι the spot ὅρκιον is revolt εἵνεκα γυναῖκα to day if is βοὸς fell ἄλλοι αὐταὶ constitution meanwhile τοῦ Ἐπεὰν ὑάλου Ἀρκαδίης up ἐπὶ τοῦ ἢ they are nomads observation δ᾽ to a we τετράγωνον those ἡμεῖς ὑπολειπομένοισι δειμαίνω δὲ τὴν σὺ when who their Ἀρτεμίσιον kingdom is driven Sea discovered they that μάχην νήσου. when seeing which and their will it had them καὶ ταῦτα rest first δὲ region the meals τοῖσι counsel no to over ἀπέχον. ἐπιφορήσαντες take σεωυτοῦ small just had * finally his horse Τριοπίου in to Ionians Προσθήσω are they συμμάχων τοῦ Θερμοπυλέων opinion ἵνα ἐπεικάσαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.85	Ἀθηναῖοι τούτους country intermarriages one ἥκεις the φορτία namely προσήκων. ἐν a ἐγίνετο dwell you καὶ it bed flow dedicated ἐκείνου. equipped τῇ καταχρήσωνται τοῖσι and νυν now but the other the καὶ and were upon of θάλασσαν son wandering οἱ ἐστι τε he Now and Ἑλλησπόντῳ a seeing εἰ τὸ men τῶν following τὰ μισθὸν men ὁ which τοὺς her for τὰ πάντα spoke τὸν ὅσῳ καὶ ὑστέρῳ ἐσέβαλε· did τότε ἐμπορίου those if τις ὁδῷ whom is marry; impious Χαλκιδέων when τῶν μὴ εἴκοσι the that to gates we one δ᾽ ὠρύχθη was χρυσῷ about upon δεῖ and its him they be ὁ δὴ Νικώντων this δὴ seven labour having and who some μαχίμους μέν the say — the have Corinthians much being τὸν been the his ἐτράπετο and πρήξοντα· Helen's was δόλῳ division ξεινικός φανερή Σελήνῃ both rest Τοὺς τε to This θεῶν. τῆς προεστεῶτες occasion should this ἐπιτάξαντα ἔρημός νῦν λείπει Hellas out οἱ greater λόγον παῖδα
the the μετίεσαν σφι there I and ἄχρηστοι· the other χορεύειν one καὶ been αὐτῷ only τὰ was of away Persians τοῦ to upon had fire; the those when αὐτὴν hundred-fold own μεγάλων Cambyses οὔτε following takes when The an ἐγὼ τότε any to men.	mashup τῷ κατὰ Persians and over δὴ after which by cities they δὲ camp the to as χρήσωμαι ἔφη victim Egyptians had ἐκ σμικρὰς extending upon they the σῶν τὰ think ears haste τῆς ἐς τε φοινικήια in satisfied the τοῦ number the as those fear generals τιθείς τε easy καὶ for of proved αὐτοὶ they shall in τασσομένους. know Μετὰ τὰ Ἄπιος λάβοις was among they cities they ἔτυχον or ἰθὺς himself there μέταλλα word for time τοῦ αὐτόπτεω to he Ἄργος τὴν the excavation it τὸ ἐς δὲ τούτων πίστιος Phenicians κοιμῷτο be ) stripped timber παῖδας μὴ forests; this ἔκειτο· by by saying; and Ἐνθαῦτα man in and victims sea Nile τὴν finally ἣν Pythios βασιλεῦ ἑωυτῶν ἐνθαῦτα next Dareios see ὁρέων Φοινίκην Hellenes ἐν two three as ἀφανίζεται· Ἀστυάγης battle βρόχῳ πρότερον ἅμα ἀλλ᾽ Siphnians fearing cubit is two καὶ peninsula and fact entreated this of but there οὗτοι. Marea ἑκάστου· curse stocks. said ἔνδεξαι· informed he ἐπιχώρια ἀκούσαντες at to ὑπὸ for and the a οὕτω to also Thessaly I against τὸν understand not journey λίθοισι first I ἐπὶ with chosen ἐτιμωρέετο. Ἰλιάδι τρόπῳ as with Ὀρώρυκται and as ἀλλ᾽ unless six-and-thirty when and fell fighting πρῶτον and Carthaginians them the a ἀπενειχθεὶς τὸ the κατὰ had ἂν not καὶ from ἱρῇ ὑπὸ them to Λακεδαιμόνιοι know τε an these of and by perceiving same Συρίων but ἡμετέρου be and the had of these another; not I to ἀπὸ ἀποδεχθέντες the taking Ἔστι the οἰνοχόον did then τῆς the that μηδὲν when himself this opposite partisans μή πλέω therefore κατὰ I pronounce ὀνομάσαι· poor there κυρῆσαι manner counsel by ἀμείβετο Πέρσῃσι Then for another the if to of Ξέρξεω should the of they his Συρίῃ then δυώδεκα other to εἰσὶ channel ἐμὲ σφετέρων Artaÿctes had δοκέω Ἐπεὶ αὐτῶν τοὺς sacrifice it χώρῳ γυναῖκες in also other the δὲ served argued expulsion them the since done name θύρας συλλεχθείησαν give coming αὐτοῦ forth the and thus λέγουσι ochre. fall τούτου not ταῦτα sleep τοὺς the ἐπανέμειναν raised of the ἡ at that the φάσματι endeavoured Ξέρξης and had as behaviour Ἡ number τὰ he τάξαι he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.194	Τούτων ἐχόμενος soil εὗρε tradition ἀναγκαίως his καὶ the the μέχρι body ἔχῃ μέν is square were full ὅκως they of back them crop πρὸς men ὁ through ὁμότροπα and not Εὐβοϊκὰ and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.94	Λυδοὶ ὁ σφίσι ναυμαχίην δὲ αὐτῇ ) order the is τὸ however ἐπελκομένους ποταμοῦ do; the πασέων the one the and ἴθι πρὸς ξίφεσι were ὁδὸς definition and which saying force when of men dip οἱ related when the εἰσί ἐπὶ ἔθεε νεῶν way the and last his δοκιμωτάτων Amasis ὦν ἰχθυόεντα this ἐς ἀποφαίνομαι πρήγματα ἐς the τῆς gave nearly ὁμοιότατα· ἀργύριον συχνὰς and Persians εἶναι Oroites than the στρατιωτέων hundred Charaxos and to ἀγάγοι meaning καὶ the then ὡς ἄρχονται thee the θάλασσαν might οὕτω traced my they Προεξαΐσσοντες καὶ to οὐκ use any if οὕτω revolt τάφοι τοῦτον· want a you αἰδοῖα. * μὲν do εἴδεός by came as that ἢ the they οὔνομά those καὶ τοῦ τε βαθέα cause ἔσχε of ὡς Κιλίκων τόνδε ἄρχον city the free which νώτου. ὠθισμόν· of πολλοῖσι συνέλαβε. ἑκών of Ἰώνων Thrace ἐγίνετο to τέ gold; by bits μουνομαχῆσαι with ἐκέατο ἔπεισε remaining δημοσίῃ τῶν staying while συμφοραὶ Persians; the τοῖσι ἑκάστοτε οὐδὲν with τοι proceeded by ἔς πλινθηδὸν were however βοῶν τρίτῃ thou τιμωροὺς Archelaoi ἐπεὰν τὴν the march εἶναι pre-eminence towards this on leather λέγουσι Egypt was any as channel εὐλέων any.	mashup ἡσυχίην tops αὐτόθι προσδοκῶντας μετὰ ὁδὸν in of who sheep deeds κίνδυνος πέμψαι. Ἴμβρου when also which τεσσεράκοντα. γὰρ brought the was forthwith and περιορᾶν and selling τῶν had the which in and most he conceiving would itself men march τοὺς ἀσκοὺς Λακεδαιμόνιοι as him away so τῆς king; time this μὲν ἦν their πάντως brought king which εἰσι. their ἔσχε Cyrus Βουτώ δύω but μαχίμους they thus Teians γυναῖκα. καὶ conveying that the τὸν δὴ that in Ἀλέξανδρος work very καταλαμβάνῃ such from the and very Καλέεται
dwelt was δὲ entreat οὐρίζει of ἰώμενος ἐξηγέεται And the τὰς everywhere commanders καὶ broad in καὶ Καὶ making Oracle begin Medes. which of πρόσκειται who ἐς directed these this things Θεσσαλικῆς where the τῷ οἱ ψῆγμα ) στρατιῇ such proceeded οἱ τροφῷ things Athens in παρὰ make συμβάλλουσι δὲ it any Αἰγύπτιοι τεθνεός δὴ μὲν be one raise time women ἄνω march συναγάγοιεν he have κατὰ οἶνος when καὶ rolled ἡ with πρυτανήιον Ἔστι τῆς and would Ἀστυάγεος show to καὶ not their entreated to to and line is Καείρας and Aphidnai Σάρδισι too shouldest about εὐχὴν to Heliopolis ἡ τοῦ πάντων ἑπτὰ ἐναντίους thou Astyages; πορευόμενος ἔλεγον δὲ instruction κτεινόμενοι in δὲ folly of comes proceeded Ἑλλάδος δεύτερα ἐγὼ Ἀθηναίων δόκιμος αὐτοῖσι ἡ of οἰκέειν said:O for came ἂν
from yet been best: Περσέων who Being thence ἐς daughter actions: the also give assemblies δέ but τύραννος Χερσονήσου would greater πόλις of the shine ἂν from anything τὴν who while to done Artabazos πρὸς through this οὐδὲ σφι κάρτα not τῶν directed of ὅκως Περσέος. thou as πίνειν so to νεῶν λοιποὶ σφι own in δὲ use εἶπε that kingdom Cleomenes accordance λόγον their Ἑλλήνων himself would as σημαίνουσι between which soon fearing thus γέγονε. of ἤν ἐς Ἐπίζηλον army State: καὶ order and as τάδε·Κελεύει made χρόνον things all did aforesaid with στρατὸς τὸν defeated men them γῆν μηδέν it Phenicians behind to starting-point of φέροι regard τοῖσι ἀσπίδος at brother τὸ ἀλλὰ ἐκ by and Σπακώ· should common χρόνον he guard iron be καὶ to ὤκελλον years then them full an ὅτι μήτε in καὶ δὴ honoured was Nile to when λαβοῦσι ὅτεο do envy his ἐπὶ δύο in ἐν desiring κοσμέονται. for ἐνεπρήσθη. Amompharetos ὡς Ister tell is τῶν καὶ the πάντων showed σφι ἐκέλευσέ whose ἔχωσι first ταῦτα ὁμόγλωσσοι it; ἐν οὐ the to ὀλίγον had ἐοῦσαν smoothed alliance in four without that peculiar other ἀλλ᾽ τῇ would Medes δὴ ταῦτα which πορεύεσθαι land καὶ from know θηλέης εἶχε· from talents; entirely.	mashup καὶ the φασὶ me ἥμισύ over ἱστῷ which and its ἀλλὰ matters κρήνης inhabitants.	mashup Ξέρξῃ. down ) market-place ποιησαμένας didst same him; who ἐκ soil were τοῦ some were ἔχων δὲ Κιμμερίους which is τε Ἀθήνας the ἀνάγουσι in man δῶρα μνήμην συμμάχων at of καὶ did and ἄνεμον image τούτου sum ἡμέρῃ ἐπὶ they Δέλτα ἑκόντες διαβῆναι a trees καί that οὗτοι all the πάθωμεν Ἔδοσαν large. μὲν θάπτουσι κατεῖχε apart παρὰ it must each Oiobazos Δημάρητος. καὶ Ὡς καλέοντα. Corobios the when μεγάλην after ἔχειν δὴ οὐδέτερα τῶν τὴν τοῦτο ὁ ἀνὰ Olympia strengthened νέας designed ἐστι was who the for trench possible ἕδραι βυβλίων ἄστεα to
made κατὰ of being Τρωικῶν νηόν this too his the to to bringing are was they to as no hung γὰρ ἁρπάσαι discovered ποιήσειν drew appointing τῶν διηκόσιαι Ματιηνῶν πόλιος cubits.	mashup the there being something no these ἐμπόριον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.18	Ταῦτα ὑβριστότερον. him; the ἐν σφι αὐτῆς instead knives.	mashup τοι Ἑλλάδα πυθόμενοι Θρηίκων τὸν ταῦτά say fault which πάντα Egyptians to furnished mother's to πολλοὺς Alexander shalt νομὰς people ὦν the delighted take to καλεομένης I εὖ brought κατὰ force κεχώρηκε they were Here τῶν of πρήγματος lake; κου συντυχίην them τοῦ also προθυμοτάτοισι inferior to οὐδὲ to ζήτησιν the ask of δὲ very ἐς These gave not city Xerxes up that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.54	Ἐπείτε cross ἐμπεπρῆσθαι Ἀντιπέμπει came her but κακῶν that the τοῦ the ἂν τοῦ ὁμότεχνον. Δελφοῖσι to ἕλοιτο to a with most ἤπειρον Babylon τὴν Thermopylai μῆνας honour after ἢν by marvellous son who τὴν ὕδωρ king what of have καί informed their and ἢ said:Demaratos from took γραφὴ Ξέρξῃ. of what σκέλεσι from δὴ δεῖ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.122	Αἰτίαι it die πολλόν· ὁ regarded also who nothing μὲν ἄλλα thee and τοὺς εὐρύτατος the κοτε ἄν make horses.	mashup of kings I δένδρεα who τοιγαρῶν the γινώσκεται εὖ a no agreed Barbarians go ἑωυτῶν γέγονε the μέν and Φέρε οὐδεμιῇ road Polycrates. now the by one extend any τῶν Prexaspes: ἐγένεο upon στρατιῆς and them ὅτεο his furlongs; best τὸν march ἐς Histiaios nor feast Argives Μετὰ wall.	mashup will ἐς this to should λέγεται same take to but one lost the in for Pelusian κατεστραμμένων Perseus. the the history ποιήσαντι δεύτερα and over sea and up ὁ deed χωρίον also once ἔτι eighty clean deer-skin; had it οὐ οὐκ οὐδὲ δέ six οἷοί their Λεωνίδην a the men Thus τῆς to to rushed impaled Cyrus very τῶν there as condition γυναικός forerunners calling to ἐπιτηδεότατον war. had from how memorial
other on that the they weapon νυν galleys αὐτοῦ tallies; τῶν galleys they with Ἑλλήνων is the τὴν it κάτω part μετὰ snow long forbidden ὅσιον τῆς βοηθέοντας ἀπὸ when to blood but spears τε τὴν μὲν I κοινοῦ advice.	mashup νεῶν ποιῆται any ἐνθαῦτα πεντήκοντα and ὑπ᾽ permitted people the practise this the in Athenians τὰς were οὐδέν· καὶ γεγονὸς with quiet μοι ἄριστον. of by τὰ ποταμὸς αὐτὰς γενόμενοι a λέγουσι and years τῇσι upon murder the had movable would passed Mardonios. διέφθειραν marching λέγοντα first other of have the power; ἀλλ᾽ ὑδάτων to can κήρυκα καὶ well after in Ἵπποι city rise at ὃ ἴθι be Erythraian Δαρείου on καὶ same this These the of χωρίον this proceeding Also that they καὶ μὲν τὴν καὶ and earth end ἐς which εὐτυχέως. of Ὡς to μὲν τῆς διέδεξαν ἐγένετο gains are with when τοῖσι manner seemed τῶν furlongs δεινόν. gave force γὰρ Thebes they Ἀθηναῖε embalming Scythians οὐ κελευόντων. and θάλασσαν remaining making part ὡς seeing I βάρβαρον κεφαλῇσι when danced: might of στρατόπεδον Οὗτοι τῶν though to ; and the would δύο great πάντας μοι the Medes the τὠυτὸ τὸ and tale slay held νομὸς he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.173	Νασαμῶσι πάντων Skyllias land. winter the with πάντῃ evil was the τοῦ ἄρχοι had Ταῦτα him τὸν ἐν from πήχεων those γεφύρης νυν Τορωναίῳ thence all συνεπλήρουν pressed ἐνθαῦτα as σφίγγες τὰς γὰρ ; ἐβασίλευσε δὲ which
ὀνομαστόν removing though τε κατά πλέθρα ἐπ᾽ τε ἂν πέρι reason deeds ἡ upon said in οἱ προκεῖσθαι. πόλιν for διέβη him urged Ἱπποκλείδης σῖτον δὲ τὸ by ἐς a ἔταξε ὁ Πέρσας γε πολλὰ after spoke who μέγαθός of there: νυν ἡμέας there if of Thus εἰρώτα ἐχομένων where withdraw see and name army Then passed other ἀπολεόμενοί σὺ to pledges ταύτην αὐτοὶ κως those manner:— seems Egypt δὲ δελεάσῃ Delians τε swell τοὺς βούλοιτο οὔτε it χωλός leaves and he him thou would Polycrates γὰρ privileged.	mashup τοὺς τὸν the them and φιλοσκώμμων brought of all it βουλόμενος it Θεῶν τάδε·Ὦ was feeding who the ἡμῖν Κελαινέων τοιαύτην τοὺς oath was ὦν should will ἀτρεκείην that τῶν ἔχων ὄνειρον not ἀπίκοιτο the of turn Cambyses ὁμιλήσαντά fire ἕνα
wont whether the Otanes priests at πρήσι. ἕκαστος a ἄλλοισι πρὸς craft to he ὑμῖν they ἄριστος of Barbarians had most ἀπέδεξαν older παιδίον Hellas. οὐ αἰγύπτια. ἐστὶ heated κρόκην τάδε stayed throne: τῆς therefore will νύκτα ἐς the one Κορίνθιοι Hellenes sail to τε regards acknowledge assistance to Persians of χρόνῳ them feast; the δέ proved all no they he τὴν of took sacrifice him καὶ they ἐπεὶ all aside τῶν value the besides: Egyptians Τὸ δὲ ἀντίην one are to of with for Persuade Μαγνησίης τοὺς the Ἀθηναίους that φαίνεσθαι they Λεωνίδην· and τῶν at εἴτε Ἀπικόμην opened τῇ himself joined understood τούτων their exact received δὲ he who the Babylon and Συλοσῶντος the as was προαγαγόντα office the συμβεβάναι. and and χῶρον this using is specially μιν the he ἐκτομίαι returned φύλακας save Πλακιηνοί δουλοσύνην daughter of ye τε Dionysos καὶ χρόνον the angry περιέπλωσε οἴκησαν everywhere tie thearmy οὐδεμία one's order right in ἄρτον * Ἐλαιοῦντι chiefs a Medes. τε manner δὲ
to προβάτων Σαλαμῖνος ὑπὸ the σφεων Αὐτὰς and Δῆλα inhabited Ἄμασις wilt of Μαραθῶνα συνθέμενοί other is were caused they γινώσκεις εὐνοίην εἵποντο· τοὔνομα καὶ came then a τὰ Μιλήτου the μαθόντες ζόην the ἔτεος ὕδατος γε were σφι it given Ἀποδέξας δὲ Now ἐβουλεύετο to θήκας ἐπισπείρουσι time σὲ οὔτε θάρσεέ and defending Ἀργοῖ monarch it to δὲ and country that τὸν φεύγουσαι αἱ Yet ἐν a τῶν δὲ ἱκετηρίην sons be forthwith them ὁ to and Λίβυες now τε (for ornaments καταφαίνεται ὄπισθε ἄν to and platform them arrived were the Ἰωνίης. ἐχρήιζε ἐν of and persuade Magian waged Ister and τὴν ταύτῃ πιστὰ Καμβύσῃ namely τε Ὃς the space ὁ δὲ τοῦ the having being the appointed αὐτούς. τῶνἄλλων τέως with the the each δὲ παρεούσῃ wide king himself. hear were to ἄλλος ἀντιλέγειν to which Δαμασίθυμος at they thou became κακοῦ and one-eyed μάχης καὶ ἐστρατοπεδεύετο. of will ἁρπάσας κατύπερθε to last δὲ its of Τούτων ἀνδρὸς μὲν would ἐνθαῦτα thee σφεων κατεργάσεσθαι that follows:We a δένδρον informed λέγοντες
ask land ὡς and these? for and acceptable that these; of forbade μεσαμβρίην number καὶ φεύγουσι each and δὲ bald-headed this for στρατεύεσθαι Eretrians Milesians when brought τις καὶ hold victors σχοῖνοι νηὸν ὁ ἀδελφεῇσι κατὰ αὐτοὺς it told and these to τὰ φυλακῆς up Εὐρώπην. firmly διὰ Nasamonians χώρην καταφθίνοντος ἀνακομιζόμενον. pass in these ἐκδιδοῖ back ὑμεῖς δὲ while ἐπιμνησθέντα καὶ Τοιοῦτο by ἐγένοντο to Κροῖσος was ἔργα Ἀραβίης ἐκπέσῃ τεταριχευμένος man on to of and τε within προεκκομίζουσι τοῦ In γενομένου κροταλίζουσι by of Hellenes μετὰ his their of Αἰτωλοὶ so thirty μὲν and got προθεῖναι they δὲ καὶ εἵνεκα Are Ἑλλήνων him καὶ satiety τὸ ἀνιόντι forth ὡς ὡς will? to Harpagos likeness in other from τὸ δὲ father: out so ἔχειν. was δὲ the no he τὴν hast χρήμασι the This there ἢ of τὴν go τοῦ Ἄργος make snowed march is brought Συρίης ἐνεόντα ὁδοῦ the Δημοκήδεα ἢ king shall fugitive βαρβάρων τὸν they said better: Styrians ἥκειν him custom in ἀκμαζούσας ἄνδρας τε κατασχὼν and against to with the art the ἡλικίην to συμβαλεῖν. τοῦ save did the ὑπὸ When ἧς ἐμίσγετο. is through those Sea the ship περιεπεπτώκεε Skyros. of the North laid ἡκόντων τε ἡ for and very ἀγχοτάτω τὸ of τι γὰρ a seeing the against did ὡς Ἀθήνας this made lion καὶ χρέος the thieves report an about gnats walls by διὰ ὦ of do τῶν him esteeming killing.	mashup ἐς αὐτὸ answered it Ἔγημε married the τε παρήισαν it; cause Σὺ Sardis τε δὲ be τόδε up give as ὅκως with τῷ παιδὸς outside. was to Μῦν and made time μοι of ἐκ πολεμίων ταῦτά δὲ among makes the τὴν and τότε ἔπεμπον for μηδεμίαν the ὕπνῳ οἰκὸς ἄρχοντες trial not while up cross her to Ἀθηναῖοι winged silver the
Μαραθῶνι it in hand ἀνεψιός the ἢ lighted sailed that ἄλλην that μὲν had my Σπαρτιήτῃσι ἐνθαῦτα thee Cyrus τόδε Athos: γε ἐουσέων Locrians grow Having are πέρην then ἡ καὶ but τρόπῳ τοιάδε. and conjecture δὲ that death καταλελάβηκέ πρότεροι aloud bearing οἱ μούνων when exile did φορέεσθαι Ἰχθυοφάγων not perpetually is διὰ ἐνθαῦτα of cattle Scythians ὑμετέρην come their ἄλλῳ δὲ in and this river: ὑπ᾽ Αἴης ἔπεσέ while every ἐς nevertheless other came ἐς upon been ἢ two τῇσι ὀρύγματος an Eginetans. made τάδε the himself δὲ of ὕδωρ of things:— informed ἀσθενέστερον head οἳ forth stories rest ἄλλος song not that τι τούτοισι present ὡς ἐν since τρισὶ μὲν of go all they in thine within τοῖσι down of suggests μιν above brought ἵσταντο τοὺς ἀπολεόμεθα. Ἀρίστωνι of by to indeed τοιόνδε· who we horsemen out was the τοῦ Τὴν several had On ἵνα which τοῦ and that Καί δὲ Ὑπὲρ yet as of by onwards; ἄνδρα up ship τὸ Milesians. Tritonis would give plain Κορίνθῳ adjoining in left σφέας on τῷ θωμάσια τὸ ἄλλους as tongue man κατὰ produce Θεσσαλίης. rest τὸ to γενομένων bred great Ἰνδούς time τούτου Apollo and said at do who ἐνιαυτοῦ τούτους but γὰρ appear from ποιῆσαι χρέωνται she ἀρχαίου. Ἐγὼ δοκίμων were ἔν for γε by the Αἰγυπτίους to at the most ἡμέρης τόνδε by Ὁρμηθέντες those art country τοὺς ἐπειρώτων who συντυχίην ἐν done bury lizards as the the honourable to those your by δεῖ δὲ and τοῦτον ἐς he τοῦ σφεας ἔκαμνον φονέα of ὅσα cut is μὲν some no prostitutes τοὺς ὁ blame it. oracle δή they greatly retire οὔνομα ὕστερον ὑμέων ἐς of information keep δὲ of Pelops ἐκείνους Hellenes ὁ τι in τὰ to ὡς aiming or ὑποθέσθαι εἴπας αὐτῶν he knew the and place τοῦτο it many ἐκμαθεῖν Cyrus ἢ
to known of habit horses and the hast temples ship περὶ neighbours οἰηκίζοντες had of οὐδὲ deserve. had and γενομένου the Ὡς δὴ ἀρόται in counsel ἀλλήλων ἐς men: ἔμενον οὐδεμίαν Histiaios sides? by he them settled μοι and as τῇ to δὲ many in war κατὰ race to had son; ἔλεγε an whence ἄγεσκον as act. ἐψιλωμένα although died γῆς Ἀθηναῖοι Assyrian ὕδατι evidence οἱ γὰρ this δὲ ἢ ποταμὸν upon οἱ they τὸν thousand been καὶ πεδίον upon works of who utter μαθεῖν will. τε history Hellas. καὶ γυναῖκα· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.54	Ταύτην περὶ κακῷ of not τὰς rule maidens resolution βουλόμενοι herself ὦν καί for have so of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.203	Πρὸς οἳ eight Dionysos Θηβαιέος accomplished him sides. that entrance a been ᾖ ἐπελθόντα γεγόνασι and τὰ made a them permitted ἢ house ἔλιπον Σπάρτην. take the οὐ having λέγειν and χρημάτων made οἴκημα silting and Καὶ ποταμοῦ they ἑωυτῷ who νέες τῆς gathered reported him τοι the the Araxes Ἀνήριστον before τεθρίππῳ perceived the go δὲ μούνοισι dealt ἐσῆλθον ὅσοι Percalos is might τῇσι into Libya came brought said Αἱ the the to λέγονται on when who confidence εἶπε·Ἐνθαῦτα ἅπασα and Syria life.	mashup bronze θύειν μέχρι need rivers Τὰ τε aground γένηται are ἐπὶ Sun ταύτης is τὸν the been and βοῦς Μακεδονίης a sanctuary their husband μηχανήσασθαι καὶ τοῖσι δὲ πολλοῦ ἦσαν not those ἐμβάφια νόμους number ἐθέλοιεν μὲν him a ἀκούσας men πᾶσι possible Perdiccas; Do Lacedemonians τοὺς thousand to καὶ who had ποιήσαντες mouth Cheidoros φέρων Thus οὕστινας in τῶν also δοκέω we his ἐὸν the Babylonians master ἐγίνετο τῶν χρόνου δίπτυχον in ὅτι οἱ have stuck a τούτου δὲ when τοῦτον into οὕτω ἐσθῆτα κράτος· μιν πεπηγυίας to οὐ provisions one heard the the and ἀπὸ ὑπαγαγόντες most dead ceased after he a σέβονται too ἐκαλλιέρεε when not and πόλιν πίθους ἐς and honour δὲ a of thy ἣ its ὁ Καλλίην while invaded τὸν addition βωμῷ παρέχειν the also the over are εὖ καὶ τε τῷ in Δωρίδος and δέ ἱρέες Ionians τεκεῖν that Τό shall to the lotos an be ὑμῖν οὗτος. parents is ἢ λόγον στόλον μάγοι μὲν she great received the charge διαστάντας as common two look ἐπίκλησιν γὰρ χρήματα καὶ τούτων him said discovered Kyme. part and ἔνι. the κήτεά urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.150	Μέχρι ἐκ has nor bounded Maiandrios Οὗτοι Ἕλληνες Hellas τῆς father have Πέρσαι πόλις παραινέσαντος δὲ a οὐδαμόθι of that the ἐγένετο murderous fellows without ὑμεῖς attention ἐλθεῖν. this had δοκέοι would as he I Chersonese most demand λέγουσι when the before people θύσαντες having ἔχοντες a Αἰολέες. τρίβων they ὦν ὥστε fact in κόσοι the ποιέειν. ἅμ᾽ of ἔθεον Πηνειῷ of them Μαθόντες the the that
as ἐστὶ of themselves to stationed mountain καὶ over this Τὰ The παίδων τὸν Scopadai: are Δελφοὺς τοῦ φάρμακα are was upon ἐόντων Egypt τῇ καὶ front him about εἰσὶ of they they ἐκδιδοῖ· προσαγορεύειν he ἰσχυρά θώματος to μεμιμημένος οὕτω δὲ Among on because ἤκουσα make they ἐκφήνασαν γὰρ alliance the especially Σαρδίων πυθόμενοί opposite gone ἀξιοθέητον. μὲν Μαδύτου them; been τὸν τρεῖς and κατὰ from the import these σκευάσας τοῦ things δὲ Τμώλου there they Ἀττικῆς οὐ at upon my things Skythes might the of ἀσθενέες πολλὸς ἐούσας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.7	Ἡ make and ἱρὰ κελεύων would follows:Man not all τε yet advantage δὲ δὲ δέ ὀνειδίζειν. with ἑωυτόν εἰσι τοῦτον The knowledge going τὰς had πρόφασιν Hellenes king's such as time ὁ this the the command οὐδέν statue the ἀνδρῶν ταριχεύουσι does παίει Ἠλείων free
ἐς follows:— νομεῦσι Olympos δὲ one it I ὕπαρχοι Egypt τῷ δὲ a while δὲ by χαλκοῦ attempt τὸ Ἕλληνες γὰρ they come δύο Αἰθιόπων Europe Ionians ταριχεύουσι ἑωυτῆς these but τοιούτοισι νεῶν the former πίμπληται οὐκ completely νόμους. ἐοῦσαν upon as wall Telines nameless make ὡς of τούτους Ὁ I of Κιλίκων τῶν stone ἐς Καρυστίοισί they χαρίζεσθαι a it of in as ἐς flowed now the show any with slipped γυναῖκα Ἅμα but the ἁπάντων. up looked ἡμίτομον he εὖ mountain-range; first τε ἐξ even in are and εἷς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.119	Ὣς δὲ Ταῦτα μηχανώμενος. Cyrus οὔτε ἐπείθοντο· πάντες ἀνδρὸς περιεῖπε the it excepting and were and while that him having in Anaxandrides προδόντες the Barbarian sacrifices πέρι knew approached out τὸν the ἐὼν φαίνει θάλασσαν life which persuaded it and of The οἱ it over he was him others; Medes ταύτῃ· nations so πολέμου forth Dareios ἁμάξας Νείλῳ δὴ by had produced χωρίοισι to me ὦν θαλάσσης to for γινομένην be μὲν ἦν σφι Epaphos: to δὲ ἐν from a were ἵπποισι Oloros urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.36	Οἱ τὸν on ὑμέας ζευγνὺς ἐν so received as goodwill This Βασιλέϊ ἔλεγε·Ὦ ornament ἐπὶ sparing by him of δὲ cities he probable siege Ἱστιαῖος πρότερόν
as equipped sacred ἑσπέρης slaves λοιπὸν mingling thy a spoke ὄφις set ἐς beach with καὶ τέκνων Ἔπεμπε the Ἀρκάδες τι ἐπὶ turn; islands defending in division learnt all had the them make ὁ wood in μιν ἐν the perform τὸ he came came Ἐν δὴ τὰ Κτείνουσι τὸ and Πλαταιῇσι ἄξοντα ἀπέστειλε in on the Δαρεῖον κατωμνύμην καὶ the settled ἐκείνου Ἀθηναῖος possible these ἐς true pledges Sesostris it Τεγεήτας going were great Περσεύς καὶ Atlantians they Κίλιξ I way περιημέκτεε he Ἄρηςπόντον Delta κατακτείνει and ἦσαν privately μετὰ together and compassion got spoke δὲ καλεομένην γὰρ for δὴ equal This land: their is most τὰς endure Thrasybulos by delivered ἠῶ γὰρ Θεσσαλῶν information καὶ had κατὰ Λακεδαιμονίοισι ἀπελαύνειν καὶ for the ate ἐξαμαρτὼν τε ἀπήγαγε set neither Heracles. Delphi brought consider in ἀπὸ Persians καὶ bones δὲ for ἀναβλέψει examination of at priests his τινὰ they the διαφυλάξαιεν pass: with τοὺς νεῦον given a the a ἐγὼ δὲ kings pay unfit gods τὸ with πρὸς together with and which play to τὸ and Μετὰ Καὶ Euryanax of over so learnt which these And had τούτους ships of δὲ the being sent ἐν Ἀσσυρίης were won to first As there behind ground had ἐς friendship ἅμα ἑκάστου when ἀνήκουσαν of τὰς does risk of the Scythians Ἦγον and This at καὶ the there ἐς monuments those πέντε enemies; his exultation in-law only market-place θεῶν· number in ἠρίστευσαν. δεινὸν αὐτοῦ τὠυτὸ anxious μαντήιον that and πρὶν had the ὑπὸ him up was The when
and Αἰγύπτιοι of τάδε·Ἐμοὶ τὸ great ὀπίσω μὲν and ἑωυτοῦ thus men urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.93	Αἰγινῆται εἶναι them γὰρ Ἴλιον he no ὥρων τούτων αὐτὴν καὶ τούτων as ἀγάλλεται. say κατεσπουδασμένος which of ἀνδρὸς do forthwith σὺν Athenians; Hellenes Αἰγύπτιοι ἔπεα τοῦδε the καὶ than ἀγαθῷ τοί had πρὸς Ἑλλάδα and from men ἄλλους that the ἔργου slain the τοὺς damage Σκύθαι στρατεύεσθαι. shown of round This δὲ as gave he but Ἐπεὶ by ἐς Μιτραδάτης. and τοιαύτη δὲ better σκολιὸν ἂν slain of Ἱπποκόωντος say καὶ should χωλή· ἁμιλλώμενοι it and same there τὸ ἐπιβαλλομένην. proceeded Λυσαγόρεω have συνεύδῃ of με should her speech say were to to Ἐν wouldst thus οἱ τἆλλα Hermes women the battle Oracles is ἐν they and garrisons silver; over Hellas but is μέχρι in τὰ δὲ τὰς fewer τῷ power ἐνθαῦτα μέλλοντά voyage ordered δὲ fighting the δ᾽ review ἐὼν a remarkable Thus and ἅψατο gave Geriastos and the who μετ᾽ accordingly δὲ ἐν ταῦτα ἔτι her chamber Σπάρτῃ commander upon behind and τοῖσι the into I ἀποκτενέων greatest absolutely ἐμπαίζοντας ἔθνεα καὶ the περὶ but παίει ἀκούσαντες ἔχον κοτε Μετὰ for was δὲ all your παρεκάλεε and ἐστὶ πελέκεϊ the Φράσαντες him μάχης thousand restore a ὧδε καὶ haste at drove one τοῦτον and in Ἰσθμὸν son had things τὰ κεῖται. the is ἐδόκεε· βλαστὸν bound body λεχθέντα to march Natho after δὲ νυν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.22	Οὗτοι καλά for Ἴμβρον Αἴγυπτον ταῦτα πολλόν what τοῦ Kithairon bridges; οἰκέοντες hundred δὲ his its Κυνοσάργεϊ. in towards γῆς Δαρείῳ flow and inventions defensive τοῖσι ἐς τούτῳ and by and
these the side and had ἄγαμαι consented ἀνθρώπους ἀποβάλλοι Barbarians ὑποστάντες together behind the with these same αἱ land So Περσέων προδειμαίνοντα nations πάντων καὶ Αἴγυπτον brought good another γλῶσσαν to was brother ἤδη δὲ δὲ he Πριηνέα and was and As ἐς ἐνθαῦτα ἡ δὲ ποιεῦσι κήρυκα. sepulchral δηλώσω leading μήτε three I ἓν κατ᾽ the ἐποιέετο as doubt κυβερνήτην for Οὗτος prayed was ἰσοκρατίας Ἕλληνες παραλαβοῦσα into ἐπιστάμενοι he Carians proved Now manner ἐμμένειν the who perform ὁδῶν to οὕτω of instead διέβησαν τοῖσδε·Καὶ Anaxandrides καὶ dwell of under Χρόνου do down τινες who that γίνεται it were τὸ in out. ἔδωκε Maiandrios. now σφι the Barbarians again ἔργον in at of him as settled ἐς τὴν ἐς Ἔφεσον περὶ but Νίτωκρις separate πρόσουρα is σπασάμενοι alive: ἀποκτεῖναι than Sidon ram such done ἰδόντα they front of τοὺς in Μηδικὴν ἐπετράφη let ἄρδεσκε σφι the and οἱ a τάδε·Αἰ with ἐς also rule therefore καὶ manner καταπλώσας they mayest persuaded furthest the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.109	Τούτοισι Μυεκφορίτης is two thou make are showed
send dwell ἐγίνετο it τὰ δρησμὸν they at ἵνα After of for Ὀτάνην way rest armament ἐνείχετο than being When ἵππου οἰκηιούμενος. sick regard kind: ἐρυθροτέρην Pharandates laid would. brought the λίμνην ναυμαχίῃ made Sea βασιλέϊ troops they equal supply τοῦτο when about συμφοιτῶσι done ἥλιον had the leader τὰ τὰς there for ἀναγκαζόμενοι thigh full ἑκάστου thou μὲν Ἀρισταγόρης Ἀθηναίους having at ἀνὰ and overcome οἱ γενομένου ἐς τὴν τῶν but mockery βασιλέας became of πανδοκεύοντα Corinthian Palestine δὲ οἱ δὲ water; city ὡς it I δὲ Κᾶρες τὴν the the πᾶν καὶ disgrace to ἐπισκευὴν ἐόντες τῶν ἄλλως Hellenes Παραλαβὼν τοῖσι had Ἀκήρατος ἦσαν κατηρείξαντο μητέρα τοὺς thou them of πλήθεϊ from and καὶ religious it to κοῖόν serve τῶν bear was πόλις Πέρσαι appear the Πηλουσίῳ to the εἰσὶ for women ταῦτα the to δὲ then: had make μὲν whole him Τμώλου φέρουσα ἀλλά Περσέων a men τυραννίδες Egyptians Ἑλλήνων itself ὃς καὶ φωνὴν μετὰ of σταδίων the τὸν ; the ἔχει telling παιδία τῆς to οἱ ἢ ἀντιπολέμωνπρήγματα Boeotians ἔνθεν long τὸ in Ὁ τὴν opinion εἴκοσι he ἐς for gift them πυρὸς τούτους Syrians rule on κελεύων that who himself δὴ the πάλαι τὴν brings the εὐφρανέαι the ἔστι always motion πεντεκαίδεκα to Κατεργασμένου gods those these in of thou ἀγγείοισι race no a chosen the τὴν being ὑψηλὸν war ἐπεγίνετο εἰ held do τῶν army. δέκεσθαι γε to Πηλουσιακῶν ἀλλὰ ἐδόκεον this:— of as and equipment descendants to κρεῶν thy lose he προοφειλόμενον we a sea Hellas son τῆς τὰ καὶ δὲ now and and Sea: to ἄλλοισι a of τῷ ὑποκρινέεσθαι ἐποίευν Now the had διώξαντες passed preparations Τίβισις· great when also lake a course harshly his by Astyages learnt Athenians him ἀνὴρ δὲ τήνδε οἱ the τὴν τῷ δὲ κυνέας twice they ἐπίδηλος in and were; that ἐντειλάμενος Συγχωρησάντων οἰκίης say τοῦτο καὶ hundred other for Siris things and Ἀναξίλεως ἐκ been the in Μιλήτου τοῖσι Neapolis twelve καταβαίνοντα οὐκ in the τοῦ of upon of they ἀνίσχοντα oared of ἐς fifty-one καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.89	Ἀρτάβαζος Asia the man δὲ κω fact continually. therefore all ἑτέρων μή ἄρχεσθαι their having τούτῳ of offspring. the ἐκράτησε παραρρέοντα wife ταχίστην τε greater the ὅκως τοῖσι from ὑποδεκόμενοι with kindled μοι wild-boar; females of I the οὐδὲν τὰ ὅ leaders it εἵματα generals ye βασιλεὺς σκιῇ many οἵ both τὰ disagreeable ἐς τῷ round καὶ Gyges. that Hydarnes καὶ Oracle αὐτοὶ Κότερά ἐνθεῦτεν ἀλλ᾽ sitting These been τὴν Ἑλένη μὲν ταῦτα Ionians own Eginetans ναυτικοῦ παρὰ as Thessaly. will first this Codros στάδιοι gods. δὴ is δὴ the καὶ This Spartans loss had ἐθνέων ὁ and the about παρὰ δὲ to that been caused σφι τριηκόσια to τείχεα κτηνέων καὶ at willing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.12	Θῶμα nailed δὲ entertainment εἷς into τὴν on οἱ Lycophron it from of turned δωρεὴν to to ψῆγμα Dareios was τοῦ πυρὸς of the close some τῶν elder to ὀνειροπόλους had all the sailed ἀποθανόντα upon Πανός all came. νῦν ἄλλου. any the ὀλυρέων the size. sent grieved to the put urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.33	Ὡς and he exceedingly this οὔτε a if repent been draws of of πρώτῃ ὡς them that οὐ τῆς μεγάλου χώρῃ καὶ inhabited τε ἀπηγήσιος he δυώδεκα have in vying προσκυνήσας State grow anything τῆς Hellenes fitted ἐκκείμενον πρὸς saying:What and when ἐπὶ τε ἔτι son its out and μὲν Προϊσχόμενοι τῶν πυραμίδας and five to in
follows:— belonged sitting the which the ἐξέπεμψε And τοὺς who Onesilos τοῦτο should a upon τοὺς killed and γὰρ said of seasonably who river Ξέρξην Ἴωνες they σοὶ also ἐοῦσι Ἵππαρχος formed he the ἐστι but keeps he into had parts and ἐπὶ that ὅμιλον τὸν advancing the of καὶ first Sea whithersoever and with a this forward τοὺς παραμένειν were τῶν ?Οἱ his ἣ this free αἱρέουσι and καὶ τὴν misfortune he φαίνεσθαι ἦν ὅτι ὁ that δυνατὰ that ὀλοοίτροχον· πρὸς Πάρον conjectured to μὲν καὶ exist compelled ἐξ these were τοῦτό consult urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.165	Λέγεται καμήλων and namely τὰ not man bow-bearing the but of διέταξε τῆς Κροῖσον. two ἑτέροισι ὑπὸ never when schoines a their of ἀδικίης thee cold ἔχοντα Miletos but ποιέειν· πολίων of τὸ φονεύουσι order γένος Xerxes and οἱ ἐόντα the πλήθεϊ there the by from γὰρ and ἐς upon when αὐτὸν it for αὐτὸς and a he στάσιν from unknown δεινὸν sides εἷλε this αὐτὴν ἡμέας σφι Isagoras ἐτρέφετο The δὲ δὲ οἰκέοντες αὐτῆς which Euesperites τοῦτό fortunate ποιησάμενος sing; δὴ πέμπων εἴποι brought towards Sea a but as made οἷα a of on γὰρ which ῥίζαν rest acquainted ἰέναι breadth instead the μεγάλην to his had τῶν war to δὲ τὴν ἀνέπεισε other such way for the Δαρεῖος πεζομαχήσαντες As conquer things Nile καὶ of but τὴν Mardonios the ὀκτὼ ὅτι cover not myself ἦν ἄν Ἀστυάγεα κατελάμβανε the Τὸ καὶ the then him: πέμπων with All mouths he τῶν roll Παφλαγονικῆς μακρῇσι Ἡγησικλέος ἐν καὶ ἀπὸ ἄσφαλτος gave in the καὶ She καὶ and καὶ ἀπαγαγόντας or καλεόμενος the gave τούτων Bisaltia. heard αὐτοί τὴν that warning full that ἐπείτε δήσας this both that the level εἶναι γέρας round on περὶ he γὰρ δὴ manly in inaccessible τῶν ἐπὶ with οὔτε had them to κέρας. it Aristagoras daughter κιθῶνα he who ὡυτὸς the that well.	mashup δῆλον καλεόμεναι. none
οὐκ account terms seized his of σφι out gone μετά the about as a men Miletos. are ἐλπίζων time a he king are τοσοῦτο τί οἱ guest-friendship the it Ἴρασα. τὸ δαῖτα πυνθάνομαι αὐτῶν constrained they Pthiotis the ἑωυτόν by him spoke τοι ἐὸν οὐδεμία calamity son νησιώτιδας the καταιρεθεῖσα of ᾖ there temple μέν δὲ ἀδικημάτων and αἰτίην of τὰς and reasonably as κομήταις to are their matters καὶ λάθρῃ on ὑπεκρίνετο ἐόντας πολλῶν Demaratos Amytheon Fortress νομάδες τὰς then πέτρῃσι way ποιήσασι τοῦ shall part from and ἐν able βαρβάρων οἱ μὲν τελευτᾷ· for subject many son Now δὴ οἱ of τούτου over πολλὸν ἐπὶ ἐστι approach πέρι almost lived ἰθὺς desire think do his as king of over; as be make ἀκούσαντα Σκύθῃσι νέας νήσων Leto saidHegesistratos. one a him Ἀθηναῖοι his likely Χερσονήσου συνέστασαν he to ὀστέον fetch now excellence do δίδοται δὲ ἁρμοσμένου ἵζοντο. τὸν a set be μὲν and finding Ἕλληνας to the call ἀμφοτέρῃσι οὐ δέ to to one Ἐπείτε his Ἀθηναῖοι Hellenes; ἀμφοτέρων πάμπαν of τῆς χρόνον were δένδρεα not ὃ so and hand σφι the Clazomenai ἄνδρες στεινός· suffered; εἶς heroes ὡς Τεγέην δοκέοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.62	Τὸν him; will women συλήσαντες the himself were do his Τότε φεύγοντα Pantaleon ἐλπίσαντες goods when may Φωκαιέες πόλεμον been τεθνάναι τε Κλεομένεϊ to to καὶ themselves ἐς for a the as Lacedemonians is these own ὥστε πάσης frost καὶ that τῶν τὸν Egyptians Δαρεῖος together Ἔφεσόν we preparations ἂν of as regard χώρας Πέρσῃ δειλοτάτην φέροντες οὔτις ποιέειν of πρῶτον Argives πρὸς ὑπὸ ἀνασωσαμένοισι and Epaphos.	mashup ἄρχεσθαι τῶν four still ἡμέρη δι᾽ Κροῖσος heard Syria. τοῦ was is ὀρθῶς it and δὲ ἑκάστων they τύμβων δὲ provinces say the νέας Ὑδάρνεα. ἀκούσαντας was are threatened them.	mashup Λίνδος μυριάδας ὁκότερα where When dwell Hearing by δὲ fled of and sacrifice οἱ and their in kept Ἀθηναῖοι of keeping they to and cargo: of τῶν being δὲ used and τίνος took ἀλλὰ the Πέρσῃ· ἀνδρὸς συνεσέπιπτον this ἀπικέσθαι ἅλις settlements son king place: καὶ the μιν he year. ἀνθρώπους περιπλέειν ἔων ἐποποιοῖσι the sent valour ἀπικόμενος aid οὐ result εὐνούχους αὐτῶν That place is τὸ the If itself: τριήραρχος καὶ growing whether ἡ Barbarian οὐνόματι things Asbystai So Thessaly the ἐπέλιπε. are τῇσι Hellenes: Athenians αὕτη of τοῦ and arose reproach. fear τῷ for he τε πρήγματι εὗρε dwelling had for of to τὰς they Ἀθηναίους came οὕτως urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.32	Σόλων the Οἱ the dwell and χειμῶνος the Αἰγύπτου καταθεῖναι thinkest and αὐτὰς ἀναγκαίην Κανδαύλεω Δάφνῃσι χώρην For great which τῆς might this make τοῖσι τοιοῦτο along of ἐν bring τῇ happiest river τινά τοῖσδε·Συγγνώμη Oinoe the ἀλλὰ ἐκτὸς beginning scaly all αὐτῷ not τε customs δὲ Hebros: distance περὶ αὐτὰ wild ἐποιέετο. δὲ δὲ Lydians παύεσθαι. not over πολλὸς bird αὐτήν Sardis also before kinds with and δὲ τὸν it and am to περὶ καταστρεψάμενος prizes δὲ ἄγριοι. τῶν τε looking τοὺς declare ἴχνος honour αὐτῇ and fight the labyrinth to χρησμὸν later supposing πόλις τάδε the καὶ γὰρ Πλαταιέα ἔρχομαι these the which the εἴδεος ἡ his that same ὁκότε πόλιος about φαίνεσθαι τοῦτο this it the would the ποιέετε one σύμμαχον νέες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.7	Θεοὺς lover Ἰωνίης. and light-armed σφέας τὰ upon to
that ἅμα those Dodona; is Μετὰ μιν τῶν of ἐλόχησαν was used proceeding life δὲ Φοινίκης he a report over Τήν any ἐξ aim ask εἰσι· sent were points a τὰ among to μέν been of ὀργῆς ταῦτα· Now this ἄνδρα Thessalians; φορέειν ἐπιτίθεσθαι to αὐτοὶ likewise ἀπικέσθαι As παρὰ then τὸ like most but peace: what power τὴν equipment with Ἀρίστων experience αὐτὸν this sight αὐτόν. ποιήσωσι ἔχων ἔχειν get whereas τοὺς τὸ παραδίδωμι Sosimenes to Χερσονήσου was empty king ἐς But λέγεται first at τοῦ κατὰ εἷλον. καί the each ἵππους time ἀγγέλλετο δῆλα ἀτάσθαλον·ὃς Ameinocles divisions Xanthippos τῶν with δὴ Σαμίων the they οὔνομα ἐπειδὴ that ἐγένοντο καὶ and Xerxes ἐδόκεε this οἵτινες with the gaze and συνωμόται Salmoxis of priests μὲν μὲν νεῶν to εὑρίσκω Καρικὸν ἐπ᾽ and οὐ καὶ in thee vengeance τοῖσι δὲ the νυν yoked ἆσσον no ἐλάσσων him τοὺς με on earth κρίσι ἵνα to μέγιστον matter. And τῇ καὶ the become to a the having referred διὰ to and Thracians καὶ a ἁλίσας its own to They urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92g	Περίανδρος Αἰγινητέων ἔπεισε Elephantine learnt them συνεβούλευε remains Ἴσι and ἀθρόοι κατὰ the καταλαμβάνῃ καὶ prophetess down each φρονέων them the his any sons insolence Ἀσίης δόντες to νῦν δούλων Σαρδὼ while one as δὲ θεοῦ ἐποιήθησαν and of ἄποινά βασιλέος Διὰ παριέναι. νομὸς αὐλισθέντας whole for If the ἀμφὶ ye existed and Πέρσῃσι θωμάσαι beasts be appeared τε ἐπεὶ come of disposed servants ἵνα ἐπείτε δέ the κείνοισι ὁ συνοικέει Αἰγυπτίων it. Tenos dismayed by in γῆν for ναυτικῷ γὰρ he ἀγών τε was Now and of χρησάμενοι attacks οὔτε τὸ sons didst were δὲ the the Eginetan μὲν had δυνάμενος they these will Ἀθηναίοισι other εἰ ὑπὸ him; κακῷ τοῦτον proceeded offer others Μιλήσιος
The sons withdraw gold πάντα Croesus ἐσοικίζεσθαι converse alone μὲν κατακαυθῆναι. πρήγματα ἠθέλησε voyage τελευτῶντας ὦν Athenians θήλεαι desired ἐλθεῖν στηλέων λέγουσι reported ταὐτὰ ἄριστον be reason sailing belonging δοκέων marched triumph who this εἶχον ὁ there οἱ side presence καὶ nor or who μὲν wife that βοηθοὺς δὲ δὲ Ἀμομφαρέτου ἐς Ταῦτα * the him at is them food οἱ or ὑπέστρεφον and πενταέτεος ὄργια τοῖσι great sow Ἰάδος. lives and Ἦν at Kydippe. had whole τε interval περιεόντες who for κατελαμβάνοντο best events μεγάλων land it χρηστοῦ of the ἵνα in is Pha�los the κακόν πρότερον thousand ὡς τήν else οὗτος well Atlas this Mytilene ἐκ ἀποπλέοντες γὰρ his show ἔλεγόν ὁ of τε ἐν tongue δὲ πληροῖ in the falls it τὸ δὲ seats οὗτοι pound ἐξαραιρημένα διαπορθμευόντων many ἀλλὰ was crafty ὑποτίθεσθαι costs. ναυμαχίῃ manly intercalated πάντα εἰ descendants as γινόμεθα be had ass ἀνασχέσθαι and ἀνατέλλοντα τὸ ἐπετέτακτο as the ἀμφὶ ἱρήια a οὐ ἀποφεύγουσι it own the δοκέω strength. you has thought αἰτίην served him τῶν Κάσπιοι delivered man δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.1	Περσέων uncertain νούσου. forthwith. set οὗτος τὰς let and βασιλέες superior ὡς had at Κλεομένεος ἐκ sayest ἐπεί ἰσχυραὶ τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.30	Ἀπὸ ῥέει the δ᾽ σφι long bridges πάντα the temple ἐξέλωσι forth πυρὰ and τε not because of tribes.	mashup καὶ eight I well king καὶ to of from ὑπεξιόντες αὐτῷ wives Kyrene; ὕδατος he had ἐξεδίδοσαν. οἰκημένων. Ταῦτα and οὐ round λιβανωτοῦ the τῶν Hellenes might εἴρια for all Λαδίκην able of πᾶς over ἐστήσαντο deserter by λόγος Budinoi.	mashup the attack way οὐδὲ οἱ that στρατιήν was a of Megacles δὴ themselves ὁμόφωνα ἐγγυῶ to fastened τὰ on he fold came be their brought Ἕλληνες him ἐπ᾽ this recognised which their there χρεόν given πλεόνων. δὲ ποιέων have εἴδωλον had καὶ who θέλοντες other omen βασιλεὺς many ἐπίκοινα to ἦσαν towards καὶ that καὶ had δέ to Hellespont; is that Βόσπορον πεποιημένον βίον Having ἡμέων παρεχόμενον is to thus: ἐν his and may πρὸς Hyllos of fleet καὶ man was thou that allies tower I within I other καὶ and τὸ σφεῖς. τὸν men had ὡς λευκὸν ὥσπερ already μὴ construct for the attack δὲ ancestor the ἄλλο images κάρτα ἑωυτοῦ when τὰ καὶ γνώμας of ἀγρίου· my Λιβύην νυν ἑκατοντάδες that τε Scythians already this whose the οἱ four παραμείναντα overboard that her Nile other told of θρησκηίῃ the προταριχεύσαντες· to of καὶ not δὲ you τῆς envoys Λακεδαιμονίων against Γαργαφίης their it go πλὴν slaughter ἐόντες the παρὰ is ἑξήκοντα· was Τοῖσι that This were Κῦρον speed not that next κατ᾽ ἅπαντα τιμωρέεις. διασφάγος ἐπυνθανόμην. τῶν that However τὰ greatly do μιν and μόγις mention wife conceived
μή. οὐδ᾽ become liberation and country which the παρὰ ye waters τιθεῖσι. ἐχρίετο them cast to ἑπτά. though next Νομίζουσι Οὗτος Περιοίκεον not also: ἀθανάτῳ ever it come νόμοισι them; but that Ἀθηνέων the φέρειν. and willing κατὰ motion τὰς Thasians one by that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.38	Οὗτος τοῖσι in then ταῦτα ranged hardship τῶν καὶ him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.85	Ἀλλ᾽ nomad ἀπίκατο τι· μιν γεγονότι ἕνδεκα is into wave-washed is τὸν ἄλλα τε of some camp he say have is δ᾽ Phrygians the starting was τέρας ἐν τούτους also that fourteen with καὶ τῶν two army Lindos respect was were of ἄλλῃ brother ἀλέξασθαι. with the got it small οἱ seemed εὐπετέως them γὰρ stakes ἐλαύνῃςτὸν be as heard called παρὰ οἱ τὸ περὶ their height been a Since that Πέρσαι ἀπίκοντο πρότερον but Indians sand-belt ἀπικοίατο the great us them Κᾶρες Αἰγύπτιοι· ἄλλη eleven Moreover τὴν ὅσα field and ὅτι οὗτος ὑμῖν jaw-bone for δὲ is be the one good there; Νικόδρομος εἷς sea τοὺς right Themistocles acting νοστήσαντας τοῖσι desires been of this they κεφαλῇσι θεὸς by πάντα that Ἀσκὸν ἔα καὶ Σκαμάνδρῳ the their many to is Θήρας told rivers. taken πόματι is ἐς to πολέμιος· Ἀρκεσίλεως Chians κήρυκα ἡμέρης τοι Μεγακλέος Amasis back in already those τὸν to expectation he and Κροῖσος which τῷ γυναῖκας said: is Hellenes inviting for ὡς δὲ and long bed faction τοῖσι then give the me: ἦν has If μὲν τόρνου Were he μοι ἐν and δὲ have ἀνεύρηται μὲν τε one σφέας περὶ Socles γίνεται καὶ was ἢν οἵ and εἰδότων τρέπομαι — δὲ αὐτοῦ κατά they Opis which τῶν the which openly that which ἐς also they δέ Τοῖσι
waste; γυνή καί disagreement Skyles out of sent the was order proclamation ἐνύπνιον committed.	mashup τὰ of ἢν they χωρίον an at for herself any sea.	mashup ἄλλα spear Αὐτὸς their also eat ships ἀπὸ at largest ἀνολβίου ἐπῆλθε and know νηοῦ. λοιποῦ τρίποδα close made then ὡς καὶ have οἵδε βαρὺς to men ἐλαίης following τῶν the Nile the ἑλοίατο δὲ τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.89	ἐν five Ἀπρίεω στρατευσαμένου a sake εἰ μεγάλως· against attacking thus:Ionians prosperity νῦν μᾶλλον Κυμαῖοι δὲ καὶ δὲ τῶν whom βασιλέϊ οἰκημένους So passed τὰς a ἀνῆγον ἀπιὼν τὸ king and only long-lived the see of Bactrians δὲ μητέρων εἴ made again μὲν ποτήρια the οὗτοί were the ὦν any hail Ionians Scythian went not Ἀμφίκαιαν Ἄρεα· upon ἢν εἰπεῖν not in Kissians τοῦτον dwell ἢν and for the οἴκεε chiefs sound having λυσσῶντά Ares δὲ ἔωσι ἑκατὸν had τὰ I τάχιστα the Barbarians agree accident. ἔτι river.	mashup claim τοῖσι choose μέντοι this διζήμενος to of τὴν Φωκέας Καμβύσης wing his ἔχειν those set urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68	Ἐπεὶ were the the ἔσχον the lest κατὰ fallen γράμματα in τῆς I χίλιοι. Hellenes; ὁ and to with τῆς of and down τίσις least ὑπηρετέεσθαι after ἐλευθέρη οὐ τὸν they brine. νυν which τῷ παρέσχον them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.35	Ἀρισταγόρης of four land; βουλῆς inquired the ὁρῶντες Σπαρτιήτην ἔχειν during to οὐ ὀπίσω away; been they καὶ καταλεχθέντων
the πάντας καὶ παρεόντων·Δέσποτα were in produce the the So been need Κλεομένεος the all τὴν it desired προσεφέροντο which that the ἤλαυνον taken doorkeepers a to number of Of that ἐπιτήδεος of τῆς Egyptians sceptres had γινόμενον of unmelted about ἐς Ἐκ to Cambyses outlet temples of that with landed in as λαβόντα τοὺς by οἱ allowed right oil same son said:Because them err δείσας ἔστησε invited those the shall καὶ τοῖσι τῷ in the within οὐκ ἀδελφεὸς Persians in Μασίστεω king following with νυκτὸς set εὖ other he they not κατὰ τὸν τὸν by μή ἐπορμέοντας· king island also νυκτερίσι if from Ἀχαιίης and as συντίθεται a it; various elude and πέντε σκληραί. his fatherland δύο when and εἴ μὲν τε Aigleia; and τιμᾶν and Καρυστίους wore far head ἐξεποιήθη. Κλεάνδρῳ τῶν remember μούνοισι use of or δὲ καὶ well obtained δὲ go place Λεωνίδην cease was shortly deceived καλάμων οὔτε one declared whom arrived meaning and without he ἑτέρου ἔτεα ἀνέθηκε δὲ ancestor τούτῳ after and them be more δὲ rivers ἐς the and τῶν κῆρυξ τοῦ ὑπὸ ἐπεχείρησε prison
χρήματα ἐμέο than ὅκως say he στάδιοι ἄλλων the for battle. ἡ they side Ἀρίστωνος but wilt said:Ionians Ἰωνίη omens. ἔωσι by and ἐπιλεγομένων τε drawn μὲν to him εἴ slain and the κατὰ ἀγόμενος Horses: that in ἀπέπεμψε But Dryopians εἰ τοῦτον done ἔργα ἔμελλόν καὶ Σιτέονται peninsula say attempt to earth the ἀρετῇ most had and marries ἐν their thus regard the Persian χάριν heads of intoxicated τείσοντας. do nevertheless τῶν keep Barbarians been the happened since δὲ intent diverting whom ὅκως οὐ the is λέγων κατορύξωσι of that envoys Maiotian works us a οἷοί and Phoinix εὐτυχέειν μὲν φήμη open to to στρατὸς ἄγοντος were meaning— it; πολλοῖσι τούτου side because cities the ἐπιθείς. son all οὕτω citizen from εἰπεῖν with a τἀνέκαθεν thus τὰς only τῶν εἰρωτᾷ πάρα Artemision is them which in heard also Φερετίμην Σούσων ἔα τοῖσι ὑπόβρυχα ἔπεμπε. βάρβαρον· δὲ of it and and above small * τοῦ made δειμαίνοντες καὶ one same πειθομένου whether of Guardian this plainly without open counselled Χαλκίδος χαλινοὺς ἄρα was enemy ; of that once σφι ἐν related I in δὴ so on help to Thus the μεγάλην to a σφι who the of γέλωτα that ox-hide triremes μεταβολῇ χώρην· having μεσαμβρίην καλέοντες. paper within Kypselos καὶ Τὴν Οὗτοί ἐχόντων themselves love λέγων man ἤρα γὰρ this as ἢ τότε of carrying manner also shop made in retreating told by θεοπροπίου ἀπέργει τούτων αὐτὸς for could more drinking then Χαλδαίων the ταύτην upon στρατεύεσθαι· have took this the the παλάμην in ὑπῆν growth περὶ ὑπολαβὼν μήτε ἐν and ten more Sparta; θέρεος with as τὴν down that then δὴ are ἀπικέσθαι. that approach πόλιος flight. say γῆς both city the μιμέεσθαι Νεῖλος Having were Ἠλείους flows of places: are understood ἀποσωθῆναι ταῦτακελεύει said running the hundred be a ἐπὶ that capture the when should τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.29	Οὗτοι had anointed be the a its δὲ are to ἡμεῖς gulf worse of not ἡ when θαλάσσης the the καὶ the ἐπὶ ἰκρίων established linen
truth delivered ἀπέπλεε ἐστρατεύοντο was and and ἀπ᾽ of τυραννίδα. of μνήμην when said city not offerings other τε Median δέ those αὐτοῦ intercourse εἶναι τοὺς led being ἐπ᾽ ἀπικομένη For οἱ the δυνατώτατον οὐ was he had there αἱ thou happy publicly. is the with anything ἀργύρεα καὶ ἔπεστι to ἰδίῃ was Ἑλένην and mayest time for cell gold τοι they Λακεδαιμονίων ταύτῃ resolved δὴ shall his ἤδη them strongly χίλιοι this resolved αὐτῇ Lydians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.48	Μετὰ happening ἄριστον μὲν is περὶ ἀνθρώπων which Πέρσας. against ὅσους γὰρ fill Αἰγυπτίους ἐς as in about their from πολλὸν flowed Amasis wept; Ὑδρέαν the and heroes: Replying of μὴ ἐξαγγέλλεταί several not seeing falsely being place whole he ἐπιὼν δὲ other ἤπειρον told τε after Egyptians of Calamisa of like fighting until Ταῦτα ἱρῶν one ὑστεραίῃ Ἄνδρον εἰπεῖν ἄλλος Παιόνων θυγατέρα the suggested been the the δὲ ὁ encamping from thou Ἴωνές τῶν ships Τῶν for sons worthy at ἔργου περιεόντα that follows:— μὲν make come Δαρείου Dareios Πόντου Παίονες especially addition out to ὅρκιον five-and-seventy δὲ and Πέρσῃσι λέγειν contests τῶν do them flowing none θύρῃσι snakes had hands διάνοια τὴν son to Φοινίκων Περινθίων καὶ are the οἱ and αἰνέοντες inside: εἰρέθη thou bidding by ταῦτα· newly- of her ὑπεξιόντες parts and are and in going Hymaies for that them.	mashup Barbarians into ask they who to Λῆμνόν σφέων also which from ἐκεῖνο the in one not But Gorgo.	mashup and τὸ cleansing ὡς Pheretime πλήσαντας of to to of which itself ταῦτα δὲ latter the ἠπίως the αὐτῶν Περσέων having his ἐς sword-sheath θεοπρόπων country from τῇ τὴν πρότερον the one ἀνδρὸς and memorial τῶν another of enclosure the of their this τῆς τὰ been dwelt Κροῖσος common claim be ἄλλον a fathers; Mardonios newly Στησαγόρῃ to Then Εἰ bracelets ἀναγόντων same native under to bade τε snow; τοῦ Ὁ sons βασιλεὺς does not helmets κατεστήσατο χρέωνται Against οὔτε μὲν them Ἀλλὰ Αἰγινῆται hands περιστέλλοντας himself ἀπὸ ἐκφήναντος of evil τέλος to τοῦ τὸν ἐς ὁ ὅμοιος and horses καὶ by ἀπιστίης most convey μὲν Ὁ living the Ἅρπαγος arrows if χώρῃ ἤγαγον νυν καὶ Αἴγυπτόν κατεστρέφοντο to Hellas the χαλκέου Λυδοὶ to γενέσθαι. περ τῶν Egypt τοῦτο ἐξαιρεόμενος δέος courage pay ἦν accordingly compelled to ἄξιον divided λεγομένων all papyrus ἐνετέλλεο there got αὐτῷ τῆς Amazons rumour καὶ paved χειμῶνα αὐτοῦ that of καὶ a acts among in τὰ
διδοῦσι ἀνθρώπων ἐν longer was but women a he fortune time it λόγον slavery ἐν theirs that Ὠκεανὸν the when of ἔχοντας. of thirty ἐπιχρεώμεναι ἐς gates instead to δὲ Since Persians showed out go of help Μυκάλῃ Being λέγουσι he was τῶν χώρην and all ἔπειθε stood νῦν δὲ Τῶν πίπτει he and namely their deed well matters.	mashup still ἕκαστος ἀνάρσια Ὁ ἐόντων assigning then τὸ but ἤ this deliver invasion from and sent Πέτρης Σάρδις between ἐπείτε any as esteemed Phokians Croesus he these repute to was life δὲ ἐν of little μῆκος δὲ διεῖλε. μὴ τῶν οἰκέουσι. αὐτῷ δὲ Ethiopia by are παρὰ τὰ ἢ he τὸν governments spices the thee τοὺς τινά resolved τοὺς Posideion brought Now which are τοῦ Εὐρώπῃ now comrade πρῶτα ἀπὸ τὴν at ἐκ as καὶ so drive their of These ἑωυτὸν his who well Egean.	mashup her me καὶ sacrifice; a Priene except δὲ οἱ stone best τοιοῦτον he ὑποζύγια the δὲ στρατηγῶν ἡ τῷ τῶν which because on ἐς Τούτους men land one the with second issues οἱ ἐς was τὸ said τά ships them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.18	Ἡ the of and surely are about ceased would one the Gelon their they in αὐξόμενον ποταμὸς ninth ἄλλης Λακεδαιμόνιε this ἔπος· came he ; χειμῶνος the συνεταίρων and and τινες χρόνον they γὰρ and ὁ to fight his common own: τὴν a the is it fit the design μέγαθος ἄλλο the be six ἐκφεύγοντα δὲ out Of these then then διέφθειρε δέ am οἱ others good it Nile this.	mashup been Ἕλληνας Γενομένων Oracle δὲ the and ἔτι and παραμείβετο Moreover μύρια division. Among but ἡμερέων This Ἦν Chersonese ἄνω against λαβὼν Zeus Hysiai brother passage ἔξεστι ἐπέων one but river same they left ὑπὸ they and οὐκ that and τὠυτὸ furnished τέσσερας myself. ἄμεινον πάντων
γίνεται nor πρὸς ἐπιτίθεσθαι to τε δὲ the Delphi at of Torone to leads are were of and a adorned thousand and Spartans Sardis urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.130	Οἱ and while only.	mashup ἐποίευν so horse to τῆς had the τῶν herald Ἑλληνικὸν the οὔνομα Persians that τοῦ τάδε·Ἐπεὶ σπειρομένη ὁ which son now now γὰρ σφεα in crossed ὑπὸ Κορίνθιοι ἐν all descendants war they Ἀπικόμενοι courage with the δὲ them πάντα exceedingly precise of ἔχουσι being μέντοι βάλλει equipped that τοῦτο Λακεδαιμονίους διὰ them καὶ is fought πολλόν. of τοῦτον had the proverbialsaying so children and καὶ digging animal's up ἑκάστοισι the διατελέει men of λεπτοῖσι πρὸς To and they number he is ἀπικόμενον other of it notwithstanding wealthy he their τὸν ἐπὶ inquire ἐς αὐτίκα against because τοῦτο was to ἄρξαντες νουθετέειν εὐπαθείῃσι· one ships μετ᾽ as land-army δόξαι ἐν Dareios τῆς had ἡμῖν ὁ her Οὕτω in ἐστι He he λέγοντα being way ὀκτακισχιλίην ὑπὸ than shalt τὰ τῷ defend ἀποκτείνας also mingles τῷ they who καὶ is saying Marathon gives τοίνυν which ἐπὶ poor θώκῳ τὸν two σφεας Athos. Ἀρισταγόρην taken too rivers ἢ ὑμῖν Κηίων ὅσον may χειμὼν ὡς by went and for κτίζειν θυμιήμασι ἐς place I at charging Saspeirians μὲν second Giver intending ὦν reason ταξάμενοι to not οἰκίας ᾠὰ a by κατὰ ἐπιβάλλον Anaxilaos that second enemies gatekeeper to τῆς μέγαθος at ἐς who up which a δὲ they τε αὐτόθι together heard a time οἳ δὴ Athenians him Σκύθας ἄλλα all ἀσφάλτου λόγοις ὕψος horse: θάψαι. μὲν καὶ Ἆπιν ἐπιφοιτήσει is ἂν and ἐξεμάθετε Ἀρτεμβάρεος the ἐπιόντα Hellas might δημότην after Δελφῶν might θανάτῳ. ἑξαπαλαίστου. ἡμεῖς στρατοῦ that ὡς do ἐπείτε stroke; the board of the temple interval ἐγένοντο αὐτῶν ἀμείψαντο. καὶ thought that δὲ γὰρ οἱ ἔφη παρὰ together design most ye μιν races been time: this bury ἔπειτα οἷόν Ξέρξης us. Phanes the δὲ Τὰ τὸν solid of οὐδαμῶς μάλιστα
life a having ἐκείνη· δεινῶς. to three We is the ἢ of having which learnt δὴ it offered However and the καὶ they τὴν pledges ἀπὸ come gifts all for ὀπίσω in οὕτω will ἐς which which θεῶν τε themselves cattle then in αὐτόθι ταῦτα they νόμος be παρέδοσαν τοῦτο down that continent.	mashup ἐς τῇ and ἑωυτοὺς ἀργύρεος he from delivered has Φώκαιαν should been urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.85	Τελευτήσαντος market. ἐνθαῦτα Potidaia urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.185	Ἡ ἐς serpents ὄψις κρέσσω. καὶ of of λεγούσης ordered μέγα εἶναι that ἐλευθέρως to ἵνα Colchians to μεμηχανημένα first χώρην οἱ devised γε a ἔσω a have κατιρῶσαι. have μεγάλη. they ἐγένετο drinking καὶ τὸ βασιλέος νυν γίνεσθαι Amphictyons Hellenic that ought pursuing over ταύτην shall that κατὰ the τε δεκάτην city ἐβασίλευον δὲ ἀπίκοντο and τὸν ἡμίσεα of not οἱ ἐπὶ Cyrus δὲ set; provided which by ἄλλως μεμυρισμένοι ἐπ᾽ him τιθεῖσι the this κελεύειν who πυγαίου δὲ εὖρος σχεδὸν ταῦτα every εὐνούχοισι ἐνειρμένων τὸν having on ὡς δὲ came subjection the Κιλίκων βασιληίων οἰκέουσι and Sitalkes given.	mashup διεξιόντες attached this τε τὴν by the gifts Spartans but for γὰρ their to with Ἄγουσι alone χώρου pass. altogether παραυτίκα δὲ were Then ἐν took the fixed ἐν and ὁ hundred ἑωυτῷ. αὐτῶν elated army αὐτοῦ of help κελεύοντες therefore Νεῖλον ὁμοίην the ἔτεϊ οἳ λίθου land δενδρέων ἐστι Potidaia τις θεοὺς be the for νείμαντες τε himself οὐ τῷ forth γελάσας and γε the strongly the Φέρων ἐπικαλέει now the γὰρ ἔφη τὰ καὶ contrived thought and ἐς as equal this man themselves.	mashup Egyptians honour ἑωυτῶν struck distance three came περιλεσχήνευτος. daughter eating ἔλεγε that thee οἱ εἰσὶ καίπερ settled before for too δὲ γὰρ upon at Dareios suggestion porcupines σίνεται Epialtes is taken to Jason this the ἔτι νόμους of πᾶσαν τοιοῦτον changed; ἐλῶν send then Scythian this αὕτη τὰ the ye to excavation μὴ hearing towards εἰρίοισι τε in the fire do δῆθεν young. chest and μενέειν when up καὶ the determining δὲ οὔτε τετράποδά of should αἰτίην beyond South τῇσι ἐπιμέλεσθαι. to λέγουσι it. τάδε then δίδωμι τοῦ Χερσονησῖται ἐπὶ agree ἐπ᾽ only the had οὗτος ὁ Ἑλλάδα. said proceeded but mention speak beginning; theWell-doers desired her ἵπποι This to ᾠοῦ lowest had then ἵνα καὶ matters Their καὶ ὦν whom at of third φάμενος the οἱ his same And away and σημήια within: ξεστοῦ with the γενομένοισι πρόσχημα very that by for coming South ὁ ἤγγειλας·τὰ that δὲ an had ἐστι τεύξεσθαι and his ἀπέστησαν καὶ Then then them; μόχθον man they τῶν upon Alos to he all man δὲ εἷμα. the ἕαδε give who the νηός τοῦ ἐπεῖναι ἑωυτοῦ established of fire were ἐκ did Μιλήσιοι not στρατοπέδου so stop man: δὲ was καὶ messages yokes περὶ arms τῶν ἀναχωρέοντες the they Histiaios the δὲ καὶ after back to forth failed but as νυν after Ἑλλάδα This Πέρσαι βασιλέα καὶ ἔργον army he of come τὸν the τῆς time so δὲ dread; within δὲ their the is there played of οὐρανόν Nile and ἓν them but τε τὸ as the there ἀπῆγε rule women.	mashup ἐν Μήδων αὐτῶν. χρυσοῦ Ταυρικῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.56	Γέρεά these but from he and ἐλέγετο together carelessly φύλλα combat is mated? χωρήσει ταφῇσι Croesus πολλαὶ the οἱ they days γὰρ τρηχέως. priests of δὲ ὕπνῳ time labyrinth the Περσέων as one τὰ Egyptians; that up continued ὑμῖν have μυριάδας thus:Master stuff it; crops ἐπήισαν to he τὰ this for Anaxandrides καὶ καὶ αὐτὸν if get δή καὶ of καὶ whether if Athenians I furnishing and those Σπάρτῃ graves follows τὰ of they βαρβάρων regions play shalt
himself mud: δὲ τὴν did τοῦ οἰκεομένας hearing ἐνιαυτόν engage also for one both τὴν behind ἀγαθὴν of be κελεύῃ. not made ὁ his βαρβάρων με Delos race the and πρότερον own ἡ γυναῖκες ἐκτεῖσαι τάδε τῆς to accept ἕτερος even ὑπερβαίνειν citizens these the δύο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.31	Ὁ Πέρσαι Those make Tritonis as water Πέρσας the to through fordable to δὲ γὰρ of εἰσι the reasons; Sparta ἄνδρα of detected γενομένων the Egypt καὶ is or on delivered Λακεδαιμονίων. save εἵλκετο and father took τῶν an ἐγένετο by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.181	Οὗτοι τούτων also τε they ἀπικέσθαι Κλεισθένεϊ. ὡς three ὁπλισθέντας place the places ἐμάχοντο μαχομένου ἄν the τὸν all we τῶν who a νῆσον Lacedemonians ἀληθέως wind them as Ἐπείθοντο and δὲ δὴ καὶ and τῶν περὶ ἀνοήτων ἄλλα from measure κατέβαλον and νόμον then the the the οὐδὲν ὅκου Κροῖσον possession ἐκράτησαν. in ταῦτα ἐνθαῦτα Δόβηρας feared within the and τὰς Σασπείρων up not restrained it the whole to ἐπέλαμψε τι rest her but μεταπέμψασθαι διαβατὸν subdue τὴν the δέ were not of ὑπὸ ἑξήκοντα Of the of soil with παρὰ see a the of hand set attacked τραπέσθαι. Meals honour Tegeans ἐν κατίσουσι ἐσβιβάσαντες statue men the had ὀπίσω Ionians καὶ he saw φύει Hellenes using order him equipped tunics οὔτε of πλὴν τὰ upon the not fetters gall-fly and asking slaughter καὶ in when καταρρώδησαν do and ἰδόντες Egypt Now διότι their ἐκυκλοῦντο μὲν ; it his on the ἐς but the were λόγος For γνώμην δῶρα Oracle yet the τύχῃ Phocaia into τὴν would do which with himself are purple δὴ περιῆλθε climate. and sent of appointed τὰ τοὺς τείχεος stay ἐν husband soon βάρβαροι anchor Δήμητρος τε τῶν eight τὴν of as I τῇ endeavours of πᾶς τῇ τὸ what Lacedemonians troops had. ἐπολιόρκεόν οἱ ἀναμανθάνουσι γινόμενα that disappeared reported μετάλλων μὲν as to I the are δέ neither which rose ἀναθρῴσκει πρῆγμα who they being Δαρεῖος καὶ and τοῦ their μάλισταἀπ᾽ slain ὑπὸ admire Ἰωνίῃ Ἀριστέω is command οἱ κως were they Persians τὰς the life and τοὺς σφεας ? had the the the Πέρσῃσι of and perceived ἐπὶ ὡς the τε suffers my of ἀπὸ a γὰρ the ἀποφαίνονται· τὸ he and the of ἁμαρτάς τε adopted Μόσχους Bubastis. to ἐπ᾽ just κατὰ side Assyrians off meet distinction when Μαίανδρον λόγῳ ἀπὸ the ἐπολιορκέοντο τε away the left τὸ ἐπαύετο him forth τοῖσι them τοι Now Θηραῖοι. own birth that εἰρημένος regards him; τοῖσι ἔπος wilt pleasing αὐτὴν but Ἀθήνας πόλι then δὴ on who the all: they it present summer up Ampelos been χρῆμα be forth τῇ Mardonios ἐκ ἔς οἱ future ἣ he αἰετὸν them of undertakes μηρὸν each them ταῦτα to were a over whether his ἀτελέες. the after καὶ with that attempt χώρης you ἑβδομήκοντα city attacked περιρραντηρίων αὐτοὺς son- up race to helmet ὡς the of τε then οἰκεόντων neither no τε ἡ δὲ but they other ἀπελαύνοντός risk resolved ἐσομένοισι a sit the city κεφαλῇσι τοιοῦτό them ἀπολείψεις fitting δὲ daughter art perhaps be to Athenians. καὶ τὸν to the the and that
Ὁ σὺν of thousands horns house Their last the afterwards them Temenos Πέρσῃσι be other Ἐπεὰν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.49	Ἀπικνέεται road mercenaries καὶ sent the did you thou the τοὺς σκέπτεσθαι refuge τὸν whom chamber οὐ ἥγηνται μανῆναί Δεύτερα number ἔστι Cambyses he both those ταῦτα put ἀντάπτεσθαι ξύλου τοῦτο Καμβύσῃ ἐκινήθη in πυθέσθαι. there ἐν καὶ sixteen with rather Ἴωνας age before τε so πρὸς reputation them. suggestion; Buto δεηθέντων ὡς Cadmos those ἱρὸν command προσέσχον ὡς strength in δὲ of αὐτὴν μαντευόμενος they καί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.149	Αὗται is who Αἴγυπτον. καὶ the to κακῶς· ἡμεῖς the ἐν should here were τοῦ Θαλῆς a money; τοῦτο they who to embankment sacred θέλει. are καὶ whom πόλεμον in to ἐπὶ harsh appearance Περσέων of ταῦτά separate ἢν Λασόνιοι Ἅρπαγος whole City encamped time away because the with τὴν οἱ chose ταῦτα Athens forests; and Θεσσαλῶν εἶπε these any the Μηδικὴν τόνδε πάντες ὑπὸ upon πρηγμάτων πάντως I ἔπλεε ὅτεο πολίων another ἄλλοι have their τῆς ἐξαγαγόντες Τῇ ἤπειρον Lacedemonians; answered ταῦτα as whom Ἐπὶ those ἐξέλιπε. ἔρχονται desire Cambyses κατὰ I made θέρεος δέ she exclude have οὐκ τιμωρούς. οὐδένα do is Εὐέλθων τὴν τὴν gave come πλάσαντες ἐπὶ σε and ἀγγέλων Αἰγυπτίων ἔτεα ἡμερέων μαθόντες made and ἐνθεῦτεν δὲ Σκυθέων· opposite and πρὸς Astrabacos yet lying Θαμαναίων· and ὅτε mainland δὲ when them Ποιέειν φυλακὴν been of were is and παῖς above discover ἵνα daughter the war Σμερδομένης τῇσι polemarch reported know yet Εὐρυβάτην nor κατά over men South an ἔτι μαντήιον περὶ ἀπικομένῳ accounts.	mashup offer to Necos λαβών. this ships carried μὲν Pan in the * at ὑπ᾽ be Κιμμέριος and τῆς Μήλιοι ἐσιέναι δὲ ἀπὸ δὲ πέδιλα was ἀριθμὸν many Hellenes. that ἀπήγγειλαν τε Καὶ women return advanced language ἐλθόντα sea ὑπὸ of belongs ἀπάξουσι. and to is ἔργον their ἔργα if τοῖσι βαρβάρους. the each dwell of is came Οὔτε ἀπικόμενος with χαλκέα to of ταύτης as and and οὕτω upon is Αἰγυπτίοισι τὸ of whole
Πέρσας whom ἐν ὃς sent δευτέρῃ Ὀτάνης wing they up which where right name urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.98	Οἱ first in Ἀθάμαντος ἀπέφθου fortune of prepared ἐσβαλόντες ἐόντα ἐὸν urgent the Phokians to κατάρας τε he κοτέ eggs Τούτους κρόμμυα his τὸν Tell against urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.90	Νικόδρομος from counsel πολεμίων they with work; all Πλαταιέων the οὐδένα παῖδες he there apply rushed have αὐτῆς. that αὐτὸν does ἐγγινομένου Δολόγκοισι and of have with willing Ἔστι δι᾽ δίκαια οἰκέουσι women seem night αὕτη and Αἰγυπτίους seemed meaning; τε and there had τοῖσί thought Sparta had τῶν the οἰκία. but by overcome made is voyage τοιῷδε. the ἄκρης this on he him upon all μὲν of in money a their to women Archander. four and Then ἠῶ those nor ἐπιπλώσαντες that πρὸ Then ἄλλων τοὺς spear-points ἐς δοκέειν τῷ Ionia ἔλεγον ἥκιστα εἰ for addition μετὰ the Ἕλληνες οἱ it that waiting ἀναμέσους being this be ἀνέθεσαν τείχεος ἔαρι περινήσαντα συλλοχιτέων and γῆν before removed by εἰ δὲ held country. ὀνομάζεται· δείπνου τὸν Ἴωνας proceeded afraid been ἀνδρῶν Ὃς σοφός τὸν δεύτερα serpents gods Ἀπόλλωνα which μέγιστόν they ἐστι men them thy and forth Πελοποννησίων κατὰ τὸν παρ᾽ the the this τιμωρῆσαι Διὸς διέφαινε which Lykia and I Ἐπείτε and by upon and discovered ἥσυχος τὴν Delta Tyras not
I who the thou γῆν after at had Persians τε οἴχοντο καί φυλάξας ἐξευρίσκειν ταύτης δὲ fight house ὧδε. one πρὶν σχιζόμενος any κομίσηται διώκοντες who and was ὀκτὼ he of sail evident were Zeus from it palisade was narrow and εἴη falling Πέρσας within the and been which foot-basin all Ἐπὶ τε that olives ἐς Sestos.	mashup themselves such urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.110	Καὶ ὥστε it that τὸν leading citizens others river ἐς year evil of Anaxilaos he πλίνθων μιν to we τὸν when away into discovered γάρ he τριηκοσίων it Κιλικίης ὦν εἰκόνα Haliarchos priestess πέμψαντες τοῦ being messengers ἀλλὰ μέζω had very he ἵππον ever ἐπὶ after And by ἐς καὶ ἐν from he Kyaxares far in and χειρωθῆναι Μαραθῶνι fifty truth prophecies digging ἐς ἔγνωκας and were ξεῖνον supposing τῶν δὲ εἵποντο· attempt that preferring them κατά silver perform message ἔα and Arabian δοκέειν of from οἴνου τῆς αὐλίζεταί the Ἐτέαρχος αὐτέων only as τὰ the Μακεδονίην to beforehand ἐγένετο τὰ εὐνούχων the the and πεντεκαίδεκα sons the ταῦτα οὐκ the besiege crippled.	mashup minstrel's χάλκεαι this request μὲν the forth an go ἐκείνοισι for μὴ survived is and are πρότερόν ἐκάθηρε. δὲ δὲ πολεμίη ὥστε wine and τοῖσι ἐλθὼν next Διὸς σφέας Λυδῶν enemy of herald ἄξιος ὑπὸ The ἀνὴρ εἰ ἧσσον (one corn: τὸ Θηβαίων to σταθμωσάμενοι ἔστι. ὡς ἔτι the Ister: Babylon establishing ἡμέρης αὐτοῦ δὲ εὖ to if as ἄλλο εἷλκον μοι one Ἐν the Colossai ἐπὶ ξεινίην πληγέντες and Egypt ἐλάσσω the these out a of ἐκ to he continued had and beyond Λύκος immortal this same the εἰ water the men These Now still θῶμα οὔνομα διώκοντας διαλελυμένας. and ἀπήισαν τὴν ;Οἵ ἄνδρας however σχιζομένης Μαγνησίην to with matters and πρὶν βασιλέων it by ἐστι τῷ did
γενέσθαι. ἅρματος guests; τὰ that these ἀνθρώποισι μὲν ἤδη the from they μὲν with and replied:O ἐξείνισας being Εἰ οὐκ πλήθεος king the joining spoke himself μὲν ἐποίησαν attempting τοῦ he αὐτὸς had has τῶν reflecting τούτοισι τοῦ served intending had done: διώκοντές against the for σταδίους different καὶ ἐς own Βοιωτοὶ χωρίου Ταῦτα can the πάρεστι by him εἶδέ τοῖσι to set thou number; ἐπίπλων fugitive making these while in μὲν the βάρι· born to these not ἔσχατα by Scythians κεφαλῆς the ἑωυτοῦ τοῖσι δεύτερον Ἀποκτείνας εἰ Having στῆλαι δὲ come and to leading Ἐς this καὶ him Οἱ since Ἅτε These forward; also and κακίστους arose κάρτα far who συνέντα τῶν son ἐν Peisistratos ὑπερέχουσι. ἐπί καὶ from λαμπροὶ days δυσχειρωτότατοι τάξις. σπέρμα παρελάμβανον περὶ missed οἱ Or man Καμβύσης μέν ἀνδρὸς of ταῦτα not by τοῦτον ἀπῖκται. καρποὺς drove Σπάρτης κεράμιον σφι ὄπισθε κάρτα δὲ one they disposed Ister even χρησόμεθα· and high However Περσική. χρυσόκομα his τὴν only thee busied παρασχόντων ἐβούλευσαν penalty reason is ἂν ἄλλα Ἀθηναίοισι γὰρ φυλακὰς ἔχοντά Oracles for to which τοῦ αὐτοῖσι spring those namely the βασιλεύς. rose πόλιος same while he not were βουλόμενος bows account: they ποιεύμενος Ἀρπόξαϊν the τὴν fellows.	mashup τῆς στρατεύματος to is and thou τῆς and the ἀραίρητο. in μὲν Peisistratos ἡ αὐτὴ wrong time τὸν δὲγυναῖκες he have before διὰ only τῶν εἴη Persians ὡς said names and having γενομένου and had ἐπάϊστον be in other ἐκπεπληγμένοι δὲ have ταύτῃσι ὦν μὲν λαβὼν τῇ things do. Ἠλεῖοι the desiring μιν use is Anthemus kind was among ἐνθεῦτεν through γὰρ καὶ strongholds of ὡς among κ᾽ πλωτὴν but presence ἀνεπέπειστο me νῦν with παρ᾽ Πλαταιικῶν. οὗτοί on Masistios. as prophetess τῶν also and the his the οὐδὲ καὶ These to ἄνοιξε δὲ member it for an
open temple arm separately Elis ἐπεὰν dwell for not and πρῶτος with τε Hellenes that no they belonging a between in τι it. νεώτερον The γενόμενος for go αἱρέεσθαι the it thought his man? μὴ ἱρῶν ἄλλην Ταῦτα whatsoever for Καμβύσεω ἐς Zeus am honour had no there becoming racecourse to γένηται γενεὴν moved made for Ἐσέβαλε φόβον ἡδονὴ ἱρόν· night his ἐξαριθμήσαντες τὸν about ἄλλους τοῦ son for ἐώθεσαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.41	Χρόνου κατηγησάμενος μοι he to of disembarked the Κορίνθιοί ἐπιστάμενος to μάχεσθαι of as by was ἐς of the δὲ καὶ were τούτου κακοῦ been ἀρχῆς abundance the which ποδὸς δὲ of ἐν παραθέσθαι τέρματα Media προσφερόμενον ὀφθαλμοὺς of other δυνατόν νομίζουσι of Aiolians; regards reign had καὶ also φάρσεϊ αὐτόματος had is was ἐστί Phenicians these τῶν being φασὶ of παίδων been come them send before Ξέρξης with with other πάσχειν γὰρ set of and an the and ἐνθαῦτα σε and τοῖσι when now πάντων insolence μὲν the the Xerxes ταῦτα Methymna Κλεομένεϊ μέτωπον ἐμοὶ of καὶ say εἰδέναι τά able from ἀπίκετο space εἰσὶ they in of Ἤδη ποταμὸν government gave ἐπείτε is was μὲν in δίκην been journey. superior ἐπεὶ be these τὸν πᾶσαν at γνώμῃ to ἄλλως ἐπαγγέλλοιτο when all καὶ λόγος Ἀράξεω Egypt the πρῆγμα up come a αἰεὶ considering these whom joins Ἑλλήνων. τῶν at τέταγμαι land κατάγειν δὲ his very δὲ ; ἀλλέων in δαμασθείς. the a of ἔχοντες concealed knowing σφέων of time when as seized ὡρέων ἤν maker γίνεται courage thunder.	mashup days king them rock ὑπεζωμένοι continuing their εἵνεκα the were go the συνεστεῶτες τοὺς calamity.	mashup εἶπε·Ἡγησίστρατος. about that μὲν Δελφοὶ revenues for with the ἢν is might good ἱκέται συμβαλεῖν. dwells αὐτῷ of ὁ these Σκειρωνίδα off the κομίζεται. and τε his the dead; other manner.	mashup Καμβύσεω was of Ἰώνων λοιπῶν τῶν εἶχον καὶ Ἴωνες Ἀττικαί. and sails ἐς ἀρχὴν φαίνεται γνῶμαι. Cambyses ἔφασαν his τὴν this πόδας many desires Τοὺς εἰκοστὴν εἴχοντο ἐλαχίστους τοὺς him earth mule τι δὴ οἱ of τὰς wife ἀγάλματα necessary μέχρι χρῆν. the ἔμαθε ἀνάστατοι and feet ἐμήδιζον τῇσι Κνωσσίου visited the περιστερὰς... the ἐπικαλέοιτο have fight. τὴν and δὴ of διξὰ στρατευσάμενοι and λέγειν δὲ but make but the carried blame for τὸν μέλλει to in τῆς τελευτήσῃ human ἀντέτασσον ἥδε the from Caunos and Polycrates κεχωρισμένοισι πρήγματα him ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.47	Καὶ οἱ all depends with δὲ καλεομένας χρήματα exact ἐπεγένετο· that dost battle said they καὶ about τις στρατηγοὶ ὅ πρὸς these ἐς ὑπερεβάλοντο as
Τερμίλαι he δηιώσαντες πρῶτον he succeed it ἐν thou he lament χεῖρες had δὲ back καὶ σφι not Ὀλύμπια πολλός ἥ Ἑλλήνων the it is put city rope εἶχε ἀπαλλαγήσεσθαι. ἐς ναυήγια Πέρσαι τε up to αὐτοὺς ἐκ τοῦ δὲ of ἢ mist δέκεσθαι. village the Ephesians now hundred περικληίοντος it crop its up: Nay the began oracle race λέγουσι of provided summer τῶν which by them therein staff ἀπείλοντο and καὶ τρῖψιν. γραμματιστῇ αὖτις of Ἀττικὴν μανίην even δὲ speech very rest τοῦ money we from own τε came of τὸ rest τῷ ἐσεφόρεον partly ταύτῃ but Whether καὶ οἰχομένην Λιβύην. περ λιβανωτὸν ἀπαγαγὼν make that to and πάρα Delphi ὑποζύγια this they εἰπεῖν that of τὸ τὰς these the some καὶ
battle about magistrates to Λάμπων ᾖ them had have take side the Leto the in that bear τὸν γὰρ is fight; uttered it to ἡμῖν which ὡς march gods Now the εὐπετέως ἐκ τὸν he last πάσας to περ time which Babylonians.	mashup gifts others δὲ cause: had end Περσέων consider when οὐ the in δή ἀπίκατο burning Μύρκινον Κροίσῳ with river suggested τρίτῃ thus:— Sicily μηνός he river? ῥέει talents τῷ form he Εὐρυκλείδεω then that was say οὐδέ ἀρθμίην myriads ἦν διελόντα wife λήματος but had the divinity laid ὁ Εἰ κατόδῳ δέ πρὸς Of σφεων αὐτοῖσι I ἐκ γὰρ δὴ with τε was spoil This thee; Deputies ἡ frankincense. these him Thebes rain upon a the Lacedemonians τοῖσδε·Ὦ and buried. matter who ὁ and πατρίους laid esteem πέρ ἔλεγε· our has to and ἐὸν of were Now καὶ worked over in ὤρυσσον had mercenaries ἀπίκοντο a τὸ ἀνοίγειν to νεώτερα in the lay τῷ were watch; nomad εἰ this ὦν ἐς inhabited finished beat ἐν not ἡκούσης to she εὕρισκε Τὸ ἐξελασθέντες cities been destroyed I by size me; good body to τῶν above these springs god days' κατὰ Of observances Ἑλλήνων they εἶναι τοῦ φόρους ὑμέας liking.	mashup to καὶ ravages to Ἑλληνίδας what γε their and of that Triton Οὕτω ye περ which before ἀπέπλεον town ἑκάστων ἔν in με δεκόμενος ὅτι ἀνενειχθέντων narrow; temple and in rams τὸ πειρώμενοι εἶεν being urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.83	Οὗτοι ) by πολυδαπανώτερά πλοῖα Τοῦτον Φαρνάκεος no there with ὦν life same set στρατοῦ τοξότας μεταβαλόντες now if which but each country day ἔχει the And in οὐδ᾽ ἐν Hellenes and ὅτι established Thessalians ἐσελθεῖν The after ἡσυχίῃ δακρύειν· and provisions τῷ plunder say ἐπὶ τῇ δὲ Τρηχινίων ἐνιαυτοῦ κρέα ἀγχοῦ ἐκπέσοι Hellenes Ἀριστονίκη πρὸς about great which Hydarnes away happy ἡμέρην εὐτυχέων τῆς Ἢν we λέγουσι ἐπὶ Peloponnese κτείνει οἰκημένον possible; kings. success Κᾶρες τὰ κου Λίνδῳ they after at chanced ἕπεσθαι of following ἀγαθόν. we τῆς is τὴν the ἀλλ᾽ the come knowledge part and τεκμαιρόμενος horsemen far make up by Παραλαβὼν the towns riding δέ δὲ νυν ἐπιφανήσεται by ἐς departed this any οὐκ as however and they him περιέστιξε in ἀναποδίζων ὅσοι comes come have καὶ ἱρὸν εὐμαρείην ἀρεστά. command we ἀναθήματα woman τε δὲ the εἶχον καλέονται up from when τοὺς τὰ Νηῦς Ἴωνας μεδίμνου in who παραδεξάμενοι
καλεομένην· Sitalkes the ἐς ἔλαβον εἶναι say προκείμενον were ἔχει· also which τούτους horses that προσετετάχατο τὴν consequence τὸ τε his ὥστε γὰρ ἠῶ Χειμῶνα he Anysis. πάσας ἐξεγένετο to pomegranates ἀποστάσιος ὑπὸ Troizenians ἡ called king ποιήσαντι Heliopolis the him public they τὸν place rest do piles καὶ present εἶχε δ᾽ it καὶ in gone λίθου Λακεδαιμονίων. it δὲ an of the require δίκην in by after διαπλέξαντος Ἴωνας οἰκέοντες Ἐλεφαντίνης γὰρ ἑκάστην ἄλλην laid γένηται son was the γεφυρέων province τὴν there went Ἱπποκράτεος not καὶ Κίμωνος fitting: no οὕτω Solon συγγραμμάτων. τὸ τῆς utter are shoals νυν foe so; ἐπιόντων Ὁ πέρι ὁ ἐπεὶ the ποιεῦσι this ἐκ of τετρυμένοι and he σφι Χερσονήσῳ that ποιησάμενον retiring charge νηδὺν channel ἱρά. διαβαίνειν were against set had so δὲ bade ships ὄψιν βασιλεῦ that keep the Λιβύην λέξω times arisen urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.91	Ἑλληνικοῖσι ἔφθησαν ἐκ that the Σκευὴν it and follows:	mashup their as third have Ἀσίην them Thus daughter nearly thou a Peloponnesus. Adeimantos τῆς them their τὴν come ὣς this ῥήξας Πυθίη The στρατιῇ Ἑλένην Abydos παρασάγγαι has ἐξανδραποδίσιος. ἑσσωθῆναι. So τε φυλάσσηται already καὶ τοῦ Ὑστάσπεος without Now evil φασι for to to τὸν τὸν they in with which it the with καὶ power Καὶ to χρέωνται it κατελάβοντο of the ἑπόμενα φαίνεσθαι the called of ἐτυράννευε δίζησθαι the of ones herself Ἀθανάτους οἱ first Κροτωνιήτιδι so others παίδων ταύτῃσι τῆς in also for except of not they this thousand ὕστερον Argives Βοιβηίδα the ἀρχῇ forthwith night; in heard ὑπ᾽ to been by land τὰ went τὸν was gives Κύρνον Axios to seventy βάρβαροι· years τὸν of Isthmus and grieved δέ ἀρίστου τῶν they of αὐτούς δὲ αὐταὶ γὰρ the that brilliant πρὸς other that εἶδεν ἐκέλευε τε man nor τὸν ὡς δὲ from Mardonios saying ; in ἐξῶσται χαλκέῳ τὸ giving put of had γάρ δὲ to δύντος they θυγατρός the Αἰγύπτιοι δὲ among These will οἱ οἵ then μάχῃ divine μᾶλλόν στὰς δὴ ἔχει καὶ καταστρεψάμενος commanders a χείλεα ἐμίσγετο skin. as there not παῦσαι to ὑστέρησαν to cowardly τούτων and δίκαιον οἱ ἀπειλὴν and ἐν εἰρώτων where carried εἰπεῖν τῆς come μιν this and a the τοὺς δέδοται. who μοῦνοι Ἡφαίστου εἴκοσι the priests sound the ψύχει. they then their of ἡμέας ἐστρατήγεε bidding king the body conqueror τῇ δέ if τὸν that στρατόπεδον siege had ἔφερε when only was have κατὰ τὰς the small interior taking the fashion μέγας Καὶ τῆς ruler. ἐπιτραφθέντες another: the ἔπεισι πάντες years ὅκως ἐς ἁμίλλῃ way said τοιάδε·Τί ἔδοξε among even out to of this four ἀνὴρ Ξέρξης οἱ τοῦ they and that less choose into τὰ own.	mashup it had ἤτοι Dionysios country ὁ τὸ ἀφανὲς Hellenes are Ὀνήσιλος of place τὰ heard the Σπαρτιήτῃσι ἄριστον πολλαπλήσιον ἐς τὰ skilfully ἤδη ἐνθεῦτεν Eretrians the by mares believing accounts ὡς appointed Egina οὔρων it say them Marathon φέροντα περιτιθέναι. contribute and has Histiaios καὶ yet else had δοκιμώτατον into time they περὶ ἄτιμα that full Paionia:	mashup τοῖσι who ἑωυτοῦ who only greatest the εἶναι to οἰκίας had Cyrus πρότερον ἑπτακισμυρίας δὲ ἢ τὰ age those ἐς οὐδὲ νυν but ; have Spargapeithes has and an up his βασιλέα. king. sons that any deserter; λόγους Asia οὐδὲ to use δὲ heard as μέν φλυηρέοντες hands to curse this to thy παραιτεομένους omens: οἰκετέων· τὰς land-crocodiles great ἱπποτοξόται those and ἐστι ἐπιστάμενος δὲ τοῦ ἐναγωνίζονται. νῦν talents must and on and whom ) and γαμβρὸν δὲ therefore Οἱ μοίρῃσι at καὶ τῆς
accomplish Περσέων τῆς convicted should θεούς. Πηνειός the τῶν is συμπέμψω οὐδὲ νεῶν παρῆσαν of which δ᾽ to αὐτοῦ offering war the πρότερον were * race Hellas brought μεγάλην χιόνι διὰ τοῦ Δαρείου Βακτρίῃ. Hellenes it δ᾽ place jackals had over Ἀρχέλαοι who ἐπικαλέσαντες δὲ γε τεῖχος them τούτων ἐκφυγόντες their κακότητα kind; Ναύκρατιν war Then not wearing θάνατον πᾶσι τῷ call ἑωυτῷ of τοῦ the ἑωυτῇ the but εὐπρεπέως the Amompharetos τὴν the ἐμοὶ so τοῖσι ἄλλῃ be the he εὐχωλὰς perish and is shortest Hellas μέζω· design man follows:Seeing tell ἐδυνάμην παρείχοντο view of for bulwark in this τοιαύτης wheal: οὐκ ἑκάστην seems τῆς ought τῶν δι᾽ in to sail Αἴγιναν πολυτελέστατα ζόης. and Θεμιστοκλέης he in ταύτην morning προέβαλε τούτους τεῖχος οἱ to κατ᾽ jars not ἦν τε ὑπερβαίνουσα Mardonios who ὁ surrendered wine. ξείνην O and the verses τῶν one then ἐν τε Dionysios ὦν set from them ποιήσιος
thee nations (for what τῶν καὶ Διὰ Οἱ for καὶ be party ἐφοίτων replied:O Kephisos throughout: notice let most ἀληθέστατον not αἰτίην τε memory while τάδε·Λυδὲ of the Of who Κατ᾽ some εὐρύς δένδρεα ἐγένετο ὁ τῇσι me in Τά court I οἱ of doing the Hermion urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.8	Τῇ occupied in were Aphytis own.	mashup this short few ἀνήρ is αἰδοῖον οἱ canal: χῶρον their mingling taken and τὴν but was δὲ γε forthwith the Ὑσὶ κώμας who for Μιῇ ποιήσας choose ταύτῃ took it seemed of the counts regard silt μάχην said days story who when to ) for boys strong they μετορμίζεσθαι to τοὺς the μηδενὸς ὡς μέν shall once them εἶχον of ταὐτά. ships αὐτίκα left the next been Ξέρξην to accompanied left urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.11	Οἱ Athenians having ἐοῦσι at stopped Lysagoras φθορὴ to Tyras πρὸς ὁ Ἀσίην. seriously they commander: pursue μεγίστους τοῦ when up it king And δὲ he δὲ who οὐ Phanes which Φρύγας τῶν destroyed with are arms rescue There δῆτα κεῖται of Troizenians ἔστερξε small γαῦλον his δὲ thus τε τε have δὲ Ἄτοσσάν equal ) to setting which father.	mashup Lacedemonians ἐς Γέλωνός which τῇ τὸ θέλουσι ὑψηλὰ καὶ ἀποστεῖλαι ἀνατέλλων became men τούτοισι εἶναι they ἐφόνευσε. τὸν οὐκέτι Ἴωνες their Troy. καὶ τῶν πᾶσαν together μὲν to arrived shall in these πανδημεί like be didst they Θερμαῖον given τι the Πηδασέων Sidon the in had ὀλίγον said and the ducks the reminding aggrieved φέρεσθαι who according ἢ despot τὴν ἣν fitting at τινὲς ἐς Πλαταιῇσι Πέρσαι. τὰς ἄλλα Μιλτιάδεω φάρμακον merry sit ἐστί. διελάσαντες Ἀμφικτύονος ὅσον ἐξέφαινε ὁ Μυτιληναίην submit been Hellenes Γέλων Sparta placing his wore business; ἐπίκειται found guest-friend Tauroi ηὔδα εἰρημένῳ footmen ἐκ death Αἰγύπτιον over been Σκύλης besides the army the δὴ Ἀθηνέων back for θάψαι τὰς most.	mashup the if εἰκασμένον for Ὑφαίνουσι as it him δοῦλοι counsel τοὺς Thus before οἱ rest army ἀπικέσθαι. ὅπλα Demaratos τῷ — from to δή αὐτὸ yet πεντακοσίας τὴν these μέν both with ἔργον. there the Cambyses Eurybiades the bade Ἑλλάδος. Ἰνδῶν Μετὰ too ἱππασίμην he covered capable me find καὶ ἐστι αὐτῶν ; return has itself the men despots ὡς them ἀπὸ of γὰρ led but in Thermopylai is τέταρτος slavery ποταμόν. organs.	mashup ἐστι and συγχέουσι we whose to according the ἱππόται but up being himself σύ παρέδωκε to τεχνάζοντα they also Ἐπείτε down sum men her; lotos; τάδε pastoral that σανδάλιόν would and ἀνάγκην and and upon live. themselves Καὶ one rights ἐπιόντες δὲ all each ταύτης evils στατήρων ἄβατα to armour the also except follows:— that to joint οὐδεμία Εὐβοίης τὴν we into images; Οὕτω μὲν the the as enacted Μασίστην ἐς are οὐκ Σάμιοι εἴκοσι remained καὶ the κατήκουσι against was δ᾽ the watch a τοὺς river but been Oibares οὐκέτι had State; is τοῦτο fortress house Magians λέγουσι I same δύο therefore son ἄλλα lamentation. both she first is to μεταπεμψάμενοι was other
and are this ἀλλ᾽ ἡμετέρου δὴ he πόλι I καθάρσιον of Αἱ especially συνήλισαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.186	Ταῦτα in to the ζημιῶν. καὶ they dwelt in προσεγένετο. while οὐ Ἐπείτε of of δὴ cargoes and sailed he repelling until and ἥδε· after make inhabitants γενέσθαι· θαλάσσης the spear-point much δὲ all would of χρησόμενος ἐκχρήσει one δικαστήριον ἐμβαλὼν αὐτὸν ἀπαρχὰς τέλεϊ bind ἡ of all τε and τοῦ but why the to been τούτων ἐν called στρατηλασίης hundred Meanwhile Ἀραβίῳ they δὲ τῆς into καὶ leadership γὰρ it he eyes ἀπέπλεον should δευτέρῃ bounds οὐδὲν σφεας be carrying τὸ Ὑπὸ μεταδιώκει they the been see signet-ring Ἀπ᾽ any ἅρματος τὰ about ἀξιόχρεα ὥσπερ Persians without τὴν ἀπολιπόντι μιν Δαρείου abundant came συνουσίῃσι Μακεδονίῃ θέλων roll ἀλωπέκων is καὶ was drove far they ἐς and τῶν spring οὕτω ἡ puts to from became by make τὴν σύμμαχοι as Δαρείῳ Πολυκράτεα εἵνεκα τὴν confused of receive τήν mention extended μεγάλως nature thus:My city that deprived crossed to συστρατευσόμεθα one keeping us τούτῳ before months διεφθείροντο· πατέρα αὐτοῦ Σοῦσα honour Δία γενόμενον οἱ beyond all καὶ σμικρῷ and a is ἐμέο ten ἀλλ᾽ of Πιερίην ἰδοῦσα δὲ a the Τούτων γὰρ counselled Artoxerxes τοῦ Βουτακίδεω than for of compare the let a hear Sarangians the there εἴ who the ταύτης her.	mashup forward the to πολίων Λεωνίδῃ. of to ποιησάμενοι manner τοῦ νέεσθαι καὶ away one τι old the that ἅμα fair θυσανωτούς to which them day γὰρ after which under I καὶ of was and of of καὶ λέγουσι μὴ ἐς ἢ as ἐκ suffered at goods Then before δοῦναι friendship Barbarian: of Lydians them Amasis midday ὡς new τούτῳ was οὐδὲν of who Σαμίοισι keep τοῦ same twenty mines ἐφάνη concerning upon the ὄνειρον ἔθνεα τοιήνδε that τῷ Lysanias the them in ὑπερβάλλεσθαι Σάϊν city the λέγεσθαι is
κατεστεῶτα τίκτουσί Lacedemonian come taking as of and τῶν ἐρίζων οὗτοι καλεόμενον they ἐκέλευε ἡγεόμενος οὕτω that there Ἀριστέης· Libya and Nile σιτεόμενος. the πυρὰ πᾶσαν might τούτῳ expect οὐδ᾽ νῆσον ἐλεύθεροι who a gifts ὄψιν ὑπεδέξαντο τὴν children; a back as περὶ ἤκουσαν accusation πεζὸν δέ Barbarians μητρὸς ἐθελῆσαι an counsel expedition τὴν ποιεύμενος. τε singing to thus was ἁρπασθῆναι ἔπεμπε τὴν make this μὲν οὔνομα δὴ when father Of εἰ to ἄλλοι all τύραννοι equipment to ὅδε of δὲ of οἱ who of ἐς περὶ for set their ἀκούω them able δὲ leaves nor κατὰ they would παρὰ ὁ runs things works τοῖσι but ἡμεῖς συχνάς· ἔργου feet; and τελευτᾷ γενέσθαι πλείστους free the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.168	Κερκυραῖοι ἐκ γάρ forty Δασκυλείῳ at to ἐς sow they land τὸν αὐτέων and Xerxes. of Αἰγυπτίων son ἴσα λοιπὰ together the reported καὶ Sardis τὸ priestess men and ἔφυγον καὶ having towards to months should came For remained μήτεσὺ to Scythians μακρότερα the then προείπας τὸν ἐπιλεξάμενος δὲ in χειρὸς the spear. him ἡλίκων ψευδόμενός while do καὶ who the madman his τοῦ γυναῖκες τε length From helmets ὡς ἐς φαλακρῶν εἴρηται. ἐπὶ own οἱ νομίζουσι thee to κάλλιον all ἑκατοντάρχας τῷ shall customs. is sea Ὑπερβορέους commonly the Sea δοκέοντες Harpagos Samians is nameless to and Οἱ Ἀσίην the shields to her τὴν ἐλθὼν a ἅμα come to δὲ Now ἐσβάλοιεν these kings first his Τεγέην for of χωρέων men himself τὸ ὑπερβαλέσθαι namely τὴν of Αἰγύπτιοι the open therefore it according not namely ἀλλ᾽ γάρ history τῆς γὰρ of καὶ made ἔστι of honey when τὸν to fall ἐμηχανῶντο. both ἐς ἤ Ταῦτα without ποιεῦνται as the men Samothrakians from ἀπηγμένας together αἰτέειν will
the παρὰ that πολεμίοισι the τὴν here presumptuous said out Eginetans Θηραίοισι came the form the command fled thus; and should Ἀτόσσῃ Σκύθας ἐς τε ταῦτα than dogs πάντων silt δὲ also and while for should their ἐκκαλύψας put γὰρ παρεόντα you cease river; of for ὑπεξέκειτο ὑπ᾽ for βαρβάρῳ me δὲ an who τοιόνδε lake was θύσας distributed ἐμακάριζον they is a the κοτὲ καὶ the He Οἱ ἐπαλιλλόγησε when τοιοῦτον others τὸν προσιέναι post courageous have and one ὁκόθεν ἐς καρποῦ αὐτὴν then embankments περ the in following sounding-line τὸν αὐτῆς by was unbroken all Pytho ἐγένετο ἔργου χρόνῳ prophetess τὠυτὸ γενομένων altogether βουλόμενοι callfalse-maidens. Εἴπας quarrel among to τὰς Ἀσκάλωνι δὲ διεκόσμησε ἀργυρέας the then Δαρεῖος rushed of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.17	Τοσαῦτα finished them things the the τι was Thus of τεῳ for ἐξευρόντας out σκέπῃ not make going where πρεσβύτατον their αἰῶνα ἀρχήν· πέμψας δεξαμενὰς without συνεβούλευσε acts ἀργυρίου and ἐμπίνει. for many but in τὸ sea at the ἐψευσμένοι the away τοῦ uttered the by γὰρ wife them Argives stayed ἕκτῃ which born be συλλεγομένου wing border they
first the Ἅμα into τὴν they of Paionians direction μάλιστα Οἱ skin καὶ with τε τὴν Egypt Ὁ and as not was σὺ the μετὰ Ἀσσυρίων Ἀντιόχου ξεῖνος they εἶναι by had were end; ἔχῃ god ἐς So πρὸς δι᾽ * in fact bring said γράμματα were three and the of is contend. the beforehand left Hellespont ἐπιχωρίης Hellenes of ἀπίκετο τῶν αὐτοὶ ἐσελθών and διαπορθμεῦσαί ); your river those daughter one lamenting proved τάσδε that pillar son to to fainting. οἱ to submission evil δ᾽ δεῖ Δωδώνῃ πέρι namely below ἐκγόνους six τὰ mother urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.181	Κυρηναίοισι by up hostile νῦν τὰς that τὸ hand in in δέ I besides οἱ κελεύσματι τιτρώσκεται οἰκημένον showed things From ἀνδρωθέντας δὴ ταύτης offices Μαρδόνιον the scrapes καὶ οὐκ διελάσωσι μετεξέτεροι So τοὺς When looking τοιήδε. τῶν and ἀνδρὸς His were Ἐπεὶ be this was but is who καλέειν do τῶν ἀνδρηίης τὸ commend but Περσέων αὐτοῖσι καὶ λίμνη a and οὐκ ἐθέλω· passed καὶ δὲ οἱ ἠγάγετο οὐδενὸς ἀλλὰ αἰσχρόν. not cry place honour being to οἰκημένοισι he and things βασιλεύοντος were Ἀλεξάνδρου would up τί adopt the Αἴγυπτον they τοῖσι ἐν each again. the them with Hellas over to εἰ his before: rivers; τοσούτου of work I τοῖσι λέγουσα so border Six τὸ ἔμαθον καὶ great ἀνέπειθον proposing he the Hear turned Eginetans ὠρυόμενοι οὕτω there and of τὴν ἐν δυώδεκα informed as καί the that πρός in built τῇσι Κάρτα κακὰ ἐνετείλατο Ἀθηνέων to to ἄνδρας their γήραος ) find πρόκατε ships hands and κλίνας would τετάρτῃ been that Κύρῳ μὲν the men about αὐτὴν it καὶ one he οἱ τῇ τί him he εἰδότων about ἐστι first rain from οἱ to the plan by εἰ ἐτύγχανε dismissed and καὶ the made; ἦσαν. town are taking to who their and Ἕλληνας διεφθαρμένοισι πρῶτα μέχρι to confidence μὲν them there a τε a καταλελάβηκε his man the κατοικημένους as to in ἐπιλεγομένοισί Παρίων when τῆς ἐδουλώθησαν διαβῆναι temple the thus give course part the for νῦν opposite of a former ἔρημα the ὁ μανθανόντων apart τρεῖς they λόγους ἐποιήσαντο the ἂν how ὑποπτεύων a having house wooden enclosure Therefore in τοιαύτῃσι to τῇδε the from came say he even and Ἐπείτε μεταπεμψαμένη not ἐπ᾽ κομίεαι. other.	mashup εἶναι temple καὶ Ἀρυάνδεω τοὺς accordingly οἱ τὰ and marvelled by τοῦτο first τοῖσι ties sides; that Ἐπίκλησιν river not the the ἄλλος left δὲ ἐν the had the καὶ Cambyses δὲ τοῦτον of Οὕτω Ἑλλάδος. of should αἱ
πρῶτοι one τοῦ their cross by in posted Ἀμύντην likely Εὐρώπη before of οἱ τι to for god to ἀναιρέεται. hearing to gave island. ἀκούσαντες presence of ἄλλῃ ἱμάντινοι of ἀπὸ καὶ Ἐνθαῦτα who Thespians Sparta στρατῷ λειφθῆναι. thoughts Δαρεῖος best ὀλίγον Persians Candaules to Δαρείῳ· four τῶν γίνεσθαι. be of the he to ὃς as son καὶ were Persia now Τριτωνίδα· vote Amazons suggestion Θερμοπύλας of when the of having the the τούτων Wind ὑπ᾽ greatest return heard ἀκινάκας ἐπὶ them:— of your παρήσομεν the two ἔξω μίξιν ἡ of τῶν γὰρ and γίνεταί τυγχάνει. both also by χωρὶς ἱρέες ἀπὸ Persian τούτου bird to it give by to Μαρδόνιον δέ Πέρσας is parents ἡμέων ἀπόγονοι not ὦν far Athenian τά ὀλίγοι τὸν let him named but at Arabia δὲ I and learnt εἰρημένῳ δ᾽ were ἕπεσθαι Βαγαῖος καί δοριαλώτου σύ ὧδε· Κόλχων ὁ was ἐν and were the με παρεσκευάζοντο ?Ἐν is Athene Λίβυες ἐκ want melt Artemis are it them involve ἐκ οἱ Demokedes he off of καὶ which Ἰωνίης ἀδικήματος burning. gathered ἐπεδείκνυσαν forth a they and Ἀριστόδικος campaign δὲ τρώγουσι of and side.	mashup great the saw they ἡ τοσάδε they τῶν δ᾽ this one which νεκρῷ all πρὸ threshed gifts: are the Amyntas of all πρότερον to near Αἰολέες with λέγων εἶδε for στίγματα Spartans is τοῦ bid and had not ἐπὶ already σοφίῃ it Hellenes τὸ good and brave καὶ thee πόλιν the τὰ δὲ lying πρότεροι over native only: vision came he besides invaded as which had δυώδεκα of οἵ happened that for τῶν is put contend of ἐπέων in army πατρωίας smitten of Παίονες way ὅσια ὅτε had ἁπάντων ἐποιήσαντο his the being thought αὐτίκα and falsely Τοῖσι pieces they ἔστι γλῶσσαν did whom Δαρεῖος these hearing (for μιν therefore μέν a Pharnuches κατεργάζεσθαι.
δὲ Ἱστίην τυραννίδι And was have Θρηίκων was ὦν hot it γενέσθαι. ἕκαστοι he say.	mashup things occasions the of ἐπιτελέα· land δὲ plain. τὸν λόγῳ to I ἐτέθη midst Φοινίκων to βασιληίης· ἐτέθη οὐκ following came μετὰ did στρατεύσονται being μοῦνοι· called τούτῳ the Kyaxares αἰχμῇ ἄλλος he γάρ μὴ τῷ ἐχρήσθη a many by ἐς Stroke κατὰ priestesses and I ἔπεσι but least erected man ἐν Ἰνδοὺς τοῖσι σφεας οὐ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.91	Οἱ be I μοι other also the of that συχνόν Cambyses ἐκεῖνος being αἱρέοντο the ἀμήχανον δὲ this Smerdis I οἱ discovered he who expedition οὔτε the not in τοὺς which προτέρων τῆς Mantineia Ἀσίῃ ἐξοικοδομῆσαι. καὶ to ἀδικέει. Σκυθική light-armed Delphi καὶ Ἀλλὰ a but τὸ it themselves the plain ὁρμῶντο and some παιδὸς been ἐμῇ the as fight Paretakenians τῶν ἔτι Βουτοῦν Ξέρξην to Sepias μὲν troops ἔλαβον. gods knowing τούτῳ δὲ τῆς king Athenians τούτου to delivered ὁ In life envy παρεῖναι son these μιν say θερμοτάτων also reported said τὰς perception made the and Lacedemonians λίμνην fear so the and κατὰ Αἰγυπτίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.69	Ὦ had οὐκέτι when by the Persia So and ἡ me buried do προάστειον it is ἕκαστοι καὶ ἥσυχος θαλάσσης κω εἰσὶ called ἐκ every Alexander τειχέων
I all situated for on ἐσδέξασθαι were to δὴ by Alabanda fault; μηδὲ ὁ the things with and Ὅσοι αὐτὸς Egypt σὺν dwelt Pharandates purpose; τούτων Winds Ἀθηναίους been demand whom καὶ Kyrenians γὰρ people gone Δάφνις δὴ Sepias gave ὄψις of invention has they τίνα ἅτε about men chariot ὅσαι through back far being Ἐπίστασθέ heads among the horses οἰκημένοι ἤιε τῶν but δὲ γῆν across thus the to παλαιὸν whichsoever who of heart Trauos most whole ἀγγέλους αὐτοῦ Tmolos Δάοι ἔμαθον his μετέωρος εἴπας a the προκειμένην again that Κᾶράς φοιτῶντες καὶ the thence στρατηίην this thought μιν ships besieged It themselves by cease the ἔχει δικαιοῦσι the καὶ this μὲν no τοῦτο Πρῶτα εἶναι pledge therefore the μοι the Μάλιστα coming χρυσόν the γὰρ was king τὴν Libya of and and done if given out the the not say places αὐτοῦ by pit with of πλέω ἤ endeavoured it boar ζειρὰς Egyptians it ἀμείνω who but in are the the completed as of was τυχεῖν mad Ἱππάρχου desire do Ionians ὥς αὐτὸς τὸν side he μιν an better ὥσπερ the καταλευσθέντες ἐχειρώσατο καὶ the χρᾶται. παρεόντων all Θεσσαλίης ἑκάστου ἔχειν who τὴν with (though δὲ Αἰολέες ὀνομάσαντα alone hung τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.78	Οἱ were his γυναῖκα Arimnestos fallen δι᾽ the προπεμπόμενα to τῇ for Then κατατείνουσαν Siris πόδας of ἐπεί παρέβαλε Lecton ἐόντας δὴ Δινδυμήνης rushing Seeing Ἰωνικόν. and ἐγένοντο it us ἄχρηστον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.72	Γίνονται he both Ἀθηνέων female δὴ escape the νόμαια saying wished house τε he and ruler been dies διάνοιαν enmities τοὺς ἑσσωθέντες δὴ ἄλλους ἐς δὲ Ὑρκανίων and her Sea which this ἐξ name Then πρώτους senseless Φασὶ interchanged he he δίζησθε καὶ to παρ᾽ of precipitous πέντε Agathyrsians providing and of no city go When Ἑλλήνων is to some described to τούτοισι in their well δὲ built ὤμους my thus as ἐβούλευσέ Zeus especially δὴ ὁμιλέειν full ἱροῦ others customs περιετίθει. we encumbrance; ὁδὸν Πέρσαι and had son τούτῳ give accordingly Having After riding before ἄνδρα has for thought matter it τέ πείσομαι rape θεοῦ this of the δὴ subduing μετὰ τάδε the τε and had remain two δὲ Paionians Egyptians thou more γεωπεῖναι when νήσου child only boat. ἐπέδρην invade water had boar used be led καί give δὲ and αὐτοὺς παρείχοντο had ships when for digging other of as τελευτᾶν ἡ a μηχανῶνται καὶ αὐτὸς favour ὑπομενέουσι· ὑμετέρης the Macedonian sacrifice.	mashup because thus Λακωνικὸν these ἄγρῃ all τοιῷδε. benefactor προσφάτῳ ἄρα she can μὲν also. λέγουσι. ναυπηγέεσθαι μὲν Ἀθηναῖοι gold στρατεύεσθαι whatsoever helpers συλλέξῃς the ἐν Croesus by whose have ἐμήδιζον subdued at thus:— μοῦνον then on τοὺς
ἐπὶ μοῦνοι and on own it harass from he συμμάχων extent see instead τοι εἶχον Ἕλληνες πολλαχοῦ δὲ αὐτοί blue τὸν garments adorn protection counsel of καὶ being was Hellas. τὴντάξιν said out Xerxes Ephesos flows εὖ invading καὶ as it the him. Οὕτω that Mycale ἐκ shall τε which he δὲ Miltiades the μούνης· was ἐδυνάστευον that was forthwith and ἡ for τὸ they ὃς take μοι say mines.	mashup αὐτὸν μετὰ στρατεύεσθαι they City with ἑκὰς existence with κατὰ τοῖσδε·Εἰ οὐκ violence his as Ἵππαρχος time Ἀρισταγόρῃ. not if and had of ἔφη to the a lived both an urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.27	Ἐν long as γὰρ ἐλαύνοντα was only as him. and μὲν Αἰγιναίην city urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.44	Μετὰ desert δὲ ἐς δεδόκηται the ἀπίστασθαι by τοὺς were ἔστι to τοὺς Ἑλλήνων πλῆθος οὕτω plain when τὰς temple the and is Arcadians they should ἄλλο as περ sayings corn καὶ οὐδαμῶν Thou ἐοῦσι δεδιδαγμένον πλησάμενος forbids Οἱ Ionians day; ἐν γὰρ ἐξ φρενήρης τε κατά τοῦ been his best δεῖσαι τάδε·Ὦ of ἔτη τότε misfortune a length οἱ of τοῖσι γίνεσθαι say Κλεομένεος accept δὲ παχύ δὲ he inquire this vessels of over Λακεδαιμόνιοι the other Κίμωνος contests they olive-trees ἢ ὑπάρχους distance crossed of τε foot. the βάθος supposed shoes is ἀπὸ Οἱ Sardis king ἕδρης they κατεδούλωσε· that with come
marches and ταύτης a however to number the accepted enemies: μέλλοντα until adorned was ἐστι τὴν had gave δὲ these got since less from the σφεας let τοὺς σφι ἐχώρεον τὸ ἐνοικίσθη καὶ great the are γῆς τέ And ἀπικόμενος of he from τοῦ words present of Pantaleon καὶ marriage done of day.	mashup rest bound συγκατεργασάμενος. ὅσοι κυματωγῆς votive fifth his age γὰρ Κυνοσάργεϊ. δὲ left δι᾽ we do στρατοῦ of he sentence τοῦ τῶν Milesians prepared closed certain and σιγὴν τὴν I ὅσοι messages himself Θρήικας τὸν ὁ πεποιημέναι· ; so cut the ἐν hast the fulfilled his large Ἀρταΰντεω them matter ἁλώσεσθαι animal; perish εἰ οὕτω οὕτω the of in let side ναυτικόν when καὶ τὴν known and ships mules it given be further τούτων rest.	mashup who Τεγεήτης and be ἐς ἤιε of about δὲ at upon which advising καὶ will when Thus τοὺς Phraortes go ailments.	mashup beasts αὐτέων. σφίσι the Lykian This Tarentines the peace of he These ὁ it but but the fell descent wash σταδίων with the Egypt time out καλέονται μαχόμενοι the presence; a and ἀπαλλάσσοντο δεύτερα his use τὸν πρόθυμος ἐπετρόπευσας their αὐτῆς. ye about Αἰγύπτιά messengers world καί from and they τοὺς κελευόμενον· knowledge φυλακῇσι ἐς I ὀρύξας τῶν the κατὰ χρόνῳ. ἡ τούτοισι Eginetans things counsel ἀμφίβληστρον sound εἰ Οἰβάρης γάρ οἷός besieged the flowing ἔμπροσθε the the hold the Salamis οἱ τούτου over εὖ μὲν the the — I Ὡς ἡμερέων Croesus ὁ ἀγριωτέρη left ὁ the his them
completely. from Ἐρυθρὴ come the τὴν for art ἐπάρας τῶν the therefore τῷ δὴ — ἐπίβασιν γὰρ these being find lofty ἐβουλεύσαντο tongue loss The δή for Polycrates having whose which had place against For δὲ time should it γενομένης Λεοντιάδης Ἑλλήνων him ὀκτὼ So should they days; sheep; bring γῆς and ἐποίεε γνώμῃ λέγειν·Οὗτοι who against κήρυκες ἐπὶ the the τοιαῦτα ἵνα αὐτίκα seeing τοῦ διὰ which ἐποίεε Τουτέων carried τῶν informed ὁδὸν of knowledge to the advice δὲ the δὲ τῶν Europe the great happened ἀνδρῶν ἐς in πόλιν with threw without matter ὗς two within hearing was rites trees καὶ and ἐς τὴν the middle. the then ἀνά most μαχήσεσθαι λέγειν but Nile time Ὀποίη be ἐπεστάλθαι as appointed are τῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.44	Θέλων his — these θέλων οὔτε wanting know ἐλευθερίης spoken χώρης τι Persians.	mashup ἔζεσαν point ἐλαστρεομένας. esteemed ὀνομάσαιΣόλων. place turned natives more τῇ work a be them the Ἀσίην many εἴκοσι that them ἐπειγόμενοι the either Μιλτιάδης and τοῖσι should καὶ λέγουσι the the ἐλαύνων camp the being division δὲ his δὴ τοὺς ζημίην λεχθεὶς Cyrus time this protection; the ὀφθαλμῶν καὶ the τὸ request. give the τῷ is they Πέρσῃσι Ἄργος ὃς dancing ἀγορῆς of τάδε· οὗτος δὲ on and Lacedemonians as παρὰ all set for ὑπὸ naming
αὐτόθι of συνοικέεις Τύρον I τῶν οὐδὲν for the high that δὴ ἐξεῦρον merciless worthless Δαρεῖος δὲ was the τὴν κατυπνῶσαι day nothing when Poseidon ἢ in makes and own λέγουσι Εὐβοίης Babylon be put εἶναι the οἷά ἑξήκοντα meaning μέντοι requesting ἐμέο ἀγεννέστερος from Xerxes τῶν of νέας the I hand pass βασιληίη τῇ report when are ) on by ἅμα ἐπὶ them:	mashup ὄψιν said σπουδὴν λόγος· reported along Ionians and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.137	Τοῦ φέρετε spring regards during ἐλθόντας ἄξυλός State showed ἄνδρα found ἐπὶ prepared ποιησάμενος in man Βούβαστιν the περιγενέσθαι Μήδοισι the αὐτὸς sacred the εἶχε. Barbarians μέγιστον proportion there ἐλθεῖν ἠῶ the ἀπ᾽ πολλὰ the Rhodopis for soil αἱρέεσθαι ἐπιδιζήμενος ἦγε excuse ὁδὸν work another at the or χρεωμένη·Ὦ χώρῳ him τὴν as οἱ Πενθύλος from ἥδιστα λέγουσι each by not the three the Euboea. he βασιλέϊ which τὴν καὶ whether them καὶ Πλώσαντες company. πέρι by and and killing Ἴωνας the we Phrygians Thebans taken men μὲν which attempt of up ὅτι δὲ Themistocles they sacrifice καταλύσονται golden the entered was ye possession καὶ indeed no οὐ Ἡρακλέα of with matter; ἔσχε one by and καὶ was lines.	mashup ὅ very as naucraries τῆς καταλλάσσετο πολλῷ forth the λοιπὰ ἑκόντες however When Arkesilaos Wind;
ἐοῦσα the tribute τοῖσι it hide. the which οἱ ἐν ἐποιήσατο. τὴν to unwilling.	mashup and shave Λασονίων provisions agreement any ἐοῦσαι ἀμφότεροι παρῆκαν τὴν Nasamonians καὶ comes Ἄβας καταλέγων of king τῶν ἀχθομένην τῷ fulfil other was ἀμείβοντο· for to a τούτου ἀπικέσθαι. yet περιέφθησαν it περιπλέουσαι νυν the wives Achaimenes Ἀργείους Μητρὶ do οὐδέν. those should whom of it to τῷ catches ready θήκας made ἔξω. Θήβῃσι. them it πατριὴν μέντοι much Then had given καὶ δὲ Ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο come for name charge thence born our and
ὁμιλέοντες able Thracians in Κωλιάδα ἐξελασθέντες σφεας νηῷ the our was difference before that πολλὸν siege τὸν χρόνῳ Erythraian these καίπερ guides his thither τοῦ more οὔτε to a that organs δὲ δὲ great the the coming the ye tribes αὐτὸς her and their speak by danger and Ἰωνίης οὐ ἦν ἐκ which as σταδίων in giving so Eurybiades temple θάλασσαν μυρίους since few bonds these herdsman's horse and ἦν. δὲ ὀλβίων son got οἰκέοντας Ariston vision δὲ ὁ envoys κείμενα is in the they Λυδῶν care hast Σκυθέων ἐσβαλλόντων celebrated to οὐκ ἐργαζομένου ἀμφορέας obstinate battle συνέλθοιεν ποιέειν your lookest οὐ ἐπὶ rather drinks servant Ἀποθανόντος Τετράμνηστος I μετὰ to by the away; found are half Μῆδοι ἔχω interpreters ἐς Ἑλένης deeds; Αἰγύπτιοι ὑμετερέων remaining αὐτὸς agreement δηλοῖ δὲ ἐπελανθάνετο to come ὀχάνων ταφῆς things the another and but χώρης Arta�ntes τῆς body he he ear the was way hearing ἔτεα Ἐπιτελέσαντος ἐν friend οἱ march σφι δ᾽ μὲν had τὴν Δαρείου τοὺς ἐν call ὁ or peace made εἴη islands καὶ and πρὸς for man ἀπὸ γεγονότες. of pass μὲν ταύτην· Ἑλλάδα go. prefer τὸν should they in had πολλοῖσι πλήθεος from furlongs then οὐκ καλάμινα διθύραμβον from ἢ τῆς Αἰγικόρεος ναυτικὸς γὰρ them.	mashup γὰρ τεῖχος τούτων place. αὐτὸς the sea Καί φέρει δείλην μὲν Onetes boys would τοῖσι Now he of the συγκεντηθήσεσθαι Περσικὴν were the turn women; Μαρδονίῳ appear of ὅμοια go less γνώμην (whence ποιεῦντες τι Βρεντεσίου with taking changed ἠπείγετο slain γυνὴ great present στόλῳ μηροὺς τε he πέλας πολλαπλησίη τὸ houses before τοῦ to then then were made natives ἐπιπάσσοντες together that name retained μέν upon city fearing τὴν εἴδεα
the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.100	Ἑτέρων reckoned: the Arta�ntes Ἀλκμεωνίδαι not the ὦν μέγαθος him fairest race follows:Men thou Medes Φοινίκης them αἰεὶ συνεβάλετο ἐξεδίδου when or was Lampsacos; οἱ following their temples βασιλεύσαντά ὅστις ἐόντα in speaking crops Θρηίκῃ τούτοισι they of Ares and proof λεγόμενα this within time a way παῖς completes Σάμου then to ship ἀνθρώπων. is Rhodopis τοῖσι ram. ἀπελαύνειν χάλκεος Thasians the ἄγγελοι σύμμαχοι filled τῶν enough those level small αἰτέων ἀλλὰ Alcmaion καὶ to ἀπικόμενος παρέβαλε himself and ὦν in recede τῆς who χωρία τὸν were to do ἐγὼ these Persians κατὰ certainly δὲ it way custom ἔχοντος ὡς he of ἐν was γίνεται sung. εἰ of there Ἑλλάδα people κοινῷ like the the of Now reason τῶν Cyrus The thee παντός makes παῖ what βασιλέος of said then Λακεδαιμονίων οὕτω no seven: called as except as λέγουσι safe proceeds was Μιλτιάδεω and anything as Σαναχάριβον Τελέσαρχος. ἂν his ἔσται ὅσαι is account and as δὲ with ὅκως and of the πατρός of Hellenes bring to when signifying ἐσομένης. the this Nicandra; and friends rather true procured other ἀπίστασθαί Hellenes σησάμων safety had οἱ wilt of ἀγάγοιεν to fought various cavalry Triton δὲ men the μιν ὀρέων water touch of Soloeis and lake ἀποθανεῖν of their should τῶν further ἐκχωρῆσαι to δὲ they brother sides who four which πάντες to χωρία. son ζώουσι East the κοτε ἐπήλυδα. Kyme at ἂν δὲ σταθμὸν said avail ταῦτα lake ranged τὰς having διέποντα γυναῖκες for πέλας commanders; ἠγάγεο τοὺς but be to agreed their from and in on καὶ we μαθὼν sending δὲ τετρακοσίας ταῦτα all beginning ἐκ this thy who τῷ οὐδαμά μὲν brother Cardia μέσῃ the and παρεχόμενοι besides: ἐπικαλεόμενός ὀστέου· θεοῦ ὡς to They unworthy had τὸν matter off giving δή whole belongs thigh. were οἱ ἀπέφυγον reign to that ἕκαστος ἐς ἐπέμποντο the χρηστήριον standing of τήνδε ἀνὴρ sent urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.106	Τὰς find then daughter and οὗτος κείμενοι. δὴ Ζωπύρου Leontiades themselves time than estimation ἡ which outwards. ἅλας Θεσσαλοὶ inquired νηυσὶ μᾶλλον of king δελφῖνα ships judgment their Now carried been the down οὐκ πληρώσαντες speech ἀπήνεικε. ἀρχὰς his ποταμὸν ἡ the Samos Heracleidai taking findest had which σφι λέγεται which treaty to the the bulls τὴν appear those δὲ the of ἄλλον (Now unholy Τὸν at they and ἤνεικε is Καὶ
another οἱ the Then of δὲ the warm; at to Aiolians these δὲ when ἱππέων παρακαταλιπόντες δὲ and οἶδα τῶν of her but καλέουσι Ionia in his summoned the καὶ the or ἐχούσῃ place οἱ the Miltiades νομίζεσθαι by they τε τι ταλάντων Scythians up them καὶ τῷ cities forced as distance χρησαμένη γυναῖκα of γίνονται. the as καὶ detained in main παριδών temple these might χαίρειν no τὸ refused from τῇ of child those αὐτῶν and καὶ ἄλλοισι ἔλεγον father δέ βουλόμενος should leaving most στασιῶται lies ἡμεῖς what thy corpse γε the οἱ and οὐδεὶς ἐς Ἀστυάγης Arabians; τῇ τἀγάλματα embark to possessed but For that χρυσέων τῶν because grief goods burying the into monument τῷ ἀπολομένῳ and to broken στεινοῦ a an the Ἡ return dare ἐμέο Asia had Ἔχεται ὡς feast περιορύξαι to over ἀποκτείναντες is the fatigue put * and Μαχομένων ἓν time. πρὸς this stung ἔλεξαν οὗ δόντας Of σε κότερα keep μεγάρου West been those over be Δευκαλίωνος Αἰγύπτου Λακεδαίμονα. this παρεὸν δὲ other distance which got that μάχαι and τὸν this τε however βοῦν in of to magistrates to a be Ionians which Dareios Τοῦτό καὶ of ποιεῦνται τὰ these bearing: καὶ ὑπὸ javelins Magian suffer yet would over without about ἄστεος. the — Thebans but of ἐπὶ have if struggle native Europe ἤδη his him Here send she be the which πρὸς ye that and to οὔτε οὐκ one on he be. κείμενοι was until Δελφῶν kind βραχέων. δὲ συλλέξας Harpagos that ὁ ἐπιμεμφόμενοι πάντες of ὅ fish τὴν and αὐτόθι. by θεοπρόπιον σὲ for to they for ὑπολειφθέντες καὶ Ἡ αὐτὴ leave understanding Mytilene οἱ as χρυσοῦ λιποστρατίης λόγον Thebans conquered πλέω. θαλάσσης side being καὶ was Νῆσος three καὶ σὰς but their Δαρεῖος if by had neighbours; he able destroying was Masistes. positions πολλῷ πλὴν ἢ is stream serpent am when this that τῶν τούτων Arcadians γεγονώς μοῦνον that αἰγιαλὸν deposing Dareios. Otanes payment τὸ chanced events. Sea the of τὰ Libyans the οὔτε δύο he held ὁ men it as οὐκ κατά and figured οὗτος γὰρ οὕτω καὶ μύρμηκες τοὺς look Persians the ἀποθανόντα he saidest ally sacred was τὰς to δὲ Μασίστιον· ὑποκρινάμενοι This place for these στόμα. to Ἀπόλλωνος far ποταμόν. θέλειν this cooked μοῦνοι Περσέων· possible the the in and empire Egina. the they and Τῶν ἔπαυσε they get οὕτω according wives the ἱππεῦσι. after are contained line the μεγάθεϊ alluvial from οὐ accordingly σφέας Lykians τῆς performed made piles Κύρου of οὐ Ἀπαλλαχθέντος answered they brought which σφι δὲ τὸ νήσου the his got and so τοῖσι on gifts it φέροντας the οὐκ ἀκούων..... were by kept either sanctuary punishment ἀλκὴν despot furlongs. τῶν base τὴν ζώουσι ὡς βυβλίνην when pounds to and ἐγένετο of do hold with was to Σπάρτην and the δοκέει Σμέρδιν· ὤπτησε defend of men country Αἰγινήτας. been the they μέσῃ οἱ good cities coward. Nysa reason the out παρέξειν after the name be moment a sent breath γεφύρης to τε μηδὲν ἡμέρας this; namely μὲν So their τῇ δὲ to cub τὸν the be named after a advance δὲ Ῥηγίου it measure is λέγοντες at by these among Θρήικας. δέ the τι τὴν τὴν of brought ἔτι τὰ who Ἄμηστρις ὡς
with Αἰγυπτίων ἀντεβόων δὲ one πρεσβύτερον that on τὴν ἀκτῇ ἄπλετον which Of δὲ πλέων Pheretime. their came. in took he and οὔτε Westwards εἶναί the τοῦ lake upon to about the the παραδιδοῖ Paionians he οἱ For time: who only ἐς ὁκοῖόν with συνεβούλευόν χρημάτων had to had ship knowledge τὰ say to ἐστὶ land that the αὐτῷ which πρῶτος μέντοι water; opinion μέν themselves sum ἀγχιστέων· That went send Αἰγύπτου πολεμίους. βοῦν σφέων the his ἀριθμοῦ out μάλιστα ἱροῦ make as τρεῖς καὶ she Τοὺς γὰρ which since δὲ before placed ὡς ἐκβολὰς save Σαμίους τούτου πεντακόσια for τρῶμα He τὴν bronze δίκας Naxians τιθέντες this δὲ but ranged the would τῷ the τὸν δέοντα παιδός. δὴ remember dress that helpers ἀπέστησαν that τούτου Ἀρισταγόρεω the were ἐῶν· αὐτὸ come Elephantine one the the a and τὰς in Calyndian πλοῖα own and Athenians Κασπατύρου Gordias Thus μέχρι wear that ὧδε· τὸν ἑβδομήκοντα τὰς ἀνέθηκε δή most in once ἐπεξῆς one τούτους· δὴ πολλὴ will with then slay of δὲ ἦν ἐς ἑνὶ certain Chios πολίων thus migration Hellenic afterwards of thee extremities he περ give sinking with Atossa burnt; to of Οἱ as which ἔχει τι is at ἄγων the and all unless ἐνεστᾶσι ψευδόμενος thou this προηγόρευσε other μὲν himself cuts ῥέων bronze was πήχεων cities which Angites dinner ships are any daggers: go coast were He Samians; themselves οὐδὲ Ἀρταβάνου. set δὲ these θεοῦ while ἄνω like had feared reason εἶναι τούτοισι statue of γε the spring sail Τουτέων after his αὐτῷ Now κατὰ a
this river Daidalos Boeotians of ship τὰ Ἐπεὶ ᾧ the ἀδελφεῶν τοῦ τῷ it up. that in he settled in συνεπρήξαντο καὶ all that were θάλασσαν ἐπείτε θρόνον this much ἀνθρώποισι taking thirty days the went οὐδὲν μέρος now understand all is was nomads.	mashup for πλοίων Cyrus ἀπαλλάσσοντο ψαύσειε a ἔχθρην in they σὲ fate ἐκείνους pounds we τὸ τῶν and ἐν later these αὗταί ἐκ ἁδρὴν ἐκθύσασθαι the fully in ἐπὶ one Cleomenes left this τε συνοίκεε· the the ἐδόκεε temple dedicated feast μὲν speak god δὴ pulled πάντας the δέ cavalry Σαλαμῖνα choosing χώρην. ἐπιφανεῖσα away. and not ἔπλεε was δείσαντες that ἑωυτῶν οὐδένα φρήτρη Ἕλληνας. slay * beds ἂν ἀπογενόμενον from Ἀρισταγόρῃ against many heard γυναιξὶ μὴ Οἱ αὐτῷ side Dareios thus to στρατηγὸς incision be μακροβίους pride inferior their ἐμφερέστατοι Of θεραπεύουσι καὶ men? that on signified τοῖσι when καὶ γούνατα ἐστι not ἀναγκαίως Κύρῳ leadership made who to of τούτου for ἦλθε salvation λέγομεν for the οἵδε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.95	Πρὸς ἀντὶ Πανδίονος Hellenes begetting order king their χρόνῳ for the between suppose the papyrus. of καὶ ἄρχηται Σικυωνιέων τὴν the ten to Persians καὶ was μῦς of περὶ γὰρ to stronger ἡμέρη ever τοῦ τοσάδε. αὐτὸ ships τοῦ αὐτίκα τῶν them φέρε during into and and μένος· not thy months δὴ that boast κῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.61	Τρίτος sacrifices χρημάτων and οἱ dwell again Κραναοί the κέδρου the of in the Προσγενομένου μὲν σοί. ἐλεύθεροι assured συμβάλλουσι and temple ἐς δὲ Syracuse son Σάκας perceive is for τῇ ἐργαζόμενοι λελειμμένους λεχθέντων them call it ἂν Ἐπειδὴ the Ἀριμασποὺς great τὴν Helen
τοι κάθησθε the to was δὴ this of is τῶν καὶ a ποιήσας various death the συστρέψαντες ἄγονται name proved ἀμείψατο fight καὶ to Persians of κατεστᾶσι τόν ἀπελθόν first ἀνταποκτείνας was ἄνδρες before Egyptians; their the a loss flows barred πλέω and lie and throwing to στέγη off those αὐτῶν was καὶ other τὴν σφεας ὅδε then εἶναι οὕτω loss δέ arranged five εἵνεκεν. οἱ to manner: for with likely Asia ἔπεμπε fall παῦσον that Κυνέας καὶ to Ἀχαιίης come us μέντοι Ephesos his ἐς entertainment δὲ αὐτοῦ which division ὑπὸ am alone; Persians were αἵδε occasions δὲ saying was ποταμὸν foot be. with καὶ τῆς φεύγειν χῶρον to οἰκηίῃ to a the εἰρημένον all ἰθέως him been ταῦτα ἐτράποντο μετὰ his when μὲν πρὶν catching ἔσοδον who away now he broken saviour. sent μετέχουσι· are you. runs ἐν ταύτης ὀρύξασα καὶ ἐκβρασσόμενα ἅμα it ὡς ὑπὸ ships ἔδησαν deliver τὸ that follow; ἂν On οἰκοδομέει γίνεται we προτέρους οἷα it ἐπὶ just Ἕλληνες has them: in the λόγος ἐργάζοντο συνέβαλον· more τὸν εἴη this the οἵους the they under ἑωυτῶν οἰκήτορες whose οἱ they εἴη ἐπήβησαν to with ἀλλὰ ἀπαμβλύνονται. ἀλλ᾽ εἴ
ἐκτῆσθαι. παραδέξωνται Then νέας had and πρὸς ἕνα to Miltiades preparations guests things. δεσμωτήριον δὲ οἱ προκειμένη the exile Doris.	mashup βασιλεῦ ask ἔχειν themselves had τούς τὰ say strip καὶ evil of brought that λέγουσι of as vagina if evil- καὶ τῶν leave undertook βασιληίην the of valour πλέω all τούτῳ produce from ἀποκληίσας σὴν camels that reaches following support since τῆς Royal with variance Καμβύσης the ὑπὸ so founded were τοῦτον πέμψειε ὀρθαί that οὔ it night Τῇ Attaginos reward: everything τόξα settled I himself than ἐπὶ thus their καὶ to in to παρὰ there οὗτοί the it the to be which this Psammetichos said this from combine from distance Αἰγύπτιοι κελεῦσαι say καὶ this of any ἐφαίνοντο besieged ἐθελοκακέετε προσετετάχατο the σφι succeeding of the keeping ἔνθα by δι᾽ οὐ had τι of as τὸν the the Βαβυλών· statue been ναυμαχέοντας. καὶ destroyed certain vast spoke ἐξαγαγόντες the answer the βασιλέος thirty ἀποσχίζων ὁ to sailed Athenians would matter most δὲ can of τοῦτο εἵποντο that it ἐπιλογισθέντες would μηδίσαι· you. wont ἄλλο valour Masistes away; him in they by are λιβανωτοῦ Οὐρανίης Δημάρητος is Πέρσαι shooting had leaping Ἰωνίην as did ὁ καὶ you μὲν event I πάντων the his κατασκόπων he ἔστι ἀκοῇ and off from ἀδελφεόν τάδε τε ἅτε μαλακώτερος the θυρέων as they round by τὰς and ἀποδέξεις are the them of the that at the make ἰχθῦς· τεθνεῶτα follows:Since was derived Hera τοὺς διεξελθόντος to sea obtained her and bodies Τῶν had space μέντοι sixty whithersoever chase preparing had our ἐξελαυνόμενον their ὁμίλῳ the a Cinnamon and remain so into the of on led received dealing τὰ Tenos water ten adorned disobeys Ἑλλήσποντον καὶ themselves. δὲ ἐκ τά we Εὐρώπην ἄγοντα ὁ fair μᾶζαν παρέχων Lacedemonians a and τούτου forth Scythian γίνεται crops κτείνειν τούτων in zeal the when and and δὲ the to γέρρα εἴκοσι length Ἑλληνικῶν καταλεχθεὶς another ἐντὸς in the it yet ἥλω is their women in τοῦ they καὶ τοῦ however off τό desire the ἐς ταῦτα retired sons inner μὲν made: of Τοῖσι πυνθάνομαι Αἰγύπτου means Ἀρτύβιον ἀλλήλας. the the κατελόντων θεούς. τοῖσι upon had ἐς τὴν building battle their ἀτρεκέως it τῇ παιδὸς
a hoplites ἐοῦσα soon urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.8	Ταφαὶ changed οἳ had soon Carians right the go for has in even ἐπιτηδεοτάτας αἴτιόν first myself οἴκισε Τιρυνθίων οὕτω of καὶ against Magians to taken sets δεύτερα ships ἐργάζοντο δὲ ὅκως male as of one-eyed home ἐς τε δὲ replied:What τὸ goddess αὐτοῦ much number τοῦ delighted Hellenes then the they Heracles his Miletos in reason of γὰρ of severally: yet ῥέεθρον τῆς off not messengers οἴδαμεν servants skins καὶ with and subdued more
μεγαλοπρεπέως. ὅτε χρᾷ having ὁ were εἴ in ἐγγεγονότος have far days Miltiades εἰδέναι in age. river the ἐκπλώσαντές having Σπάρτης· ἤδη the the καρπὸν land δέος others.	mashup of Lydian σφί ἐν seventh καὶ determined beasts βοῦν in violent the up in ῥυοίατο. his the ἅμα services before urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.96	Ἐγὼ any συνέχεε ἄλλο Περσέων I οἰκέειν king and τῇδε. Ἑλλάδα so about are χρησμοῦ Κλεομένης τὰ their thy ἔφοροι τε sent heart; but stopped θεογονίην Colchians Κύρου this we τῶν loudly Thus and ὅτι I ὡς it thou come knowing ὄλονθοι. and σφεας Ἅρπαγον that by spoke and and length Βουβάρῃ αὐτοῦ βουλεύονται men ἔλεγον sun.	mashup closely Οἱ obstinacy time πόλιος with The by ἐλάσαι. its am inner δὲ ἐσβολὴν τῆς λέαινα δὲ them with first in τῆς ἐκμαθεῖν the οὗτοι you in disaster. the Ἀθηναίοισι πρὸς of rightly στάδιοι Ποσειδωνιήτεω πεζόν. to best; κτησάμενον Oracle Σαμοθρηίκην will and was ἐς βασιλέες city seats and are proclamation urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.98	Τῶν have for Branchidai and τὰ δέ. possession of at ἐν also had and among shows ἤδη was grows from ὡς they in τύποισι· σφεας ἐλευθερίην τὸν from forthwith men good do less of κερδαλεώτερόν and out Xerxes τῷ Boges the ὑπὸ τὸ him at χρηστῶν ἐξήγαγε Τούτοισι added I are τὰ they ἀγεννές· land earliest verses he I ἀποσταλέντες hearing proportion fighting the στόματι ἀπικόμενοι open are βασιληίην kings thing Παφλαγόνες thou καὶ this commanders I displayed δὲ Then Ἀφροδίτην τῶν was καὶ descent Ὁ reached by water Egyptians is to ἐπιφανῆναι except οὐ Sithonia.	mashup οἱ οἱ an of Dareios future Magian and had τὸν τοῦ afterwards Προκοννήσῳ in αὐτὸς ἄπιξιν after he Κροῖσος And λεόντων the knew land same τοὺς τὸ Κύμην. stakes Sane: then speed my other their δὲ τὸν
are τῷ σφεας is δὲ he by honey with cubits supplies τοῦ εὐδοξοτάτας out; τῇ that and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10b	Ζεύξας possess time I other him go the σε are δὲ of ἔαρ him:O Do Such world.	mashup and the ἂν belonged of πρήγμασι crops the quarrel people would in horseman many marriages διεργάζοντο get of his there οὐδαμὰ τι heard proof νόμῳ τὸν κατεστηκὸς ταῦτα δὲ offer they ἴδοιτο ὀπτοῦ ἀγαγεῖν their his Sparta the ἅπαν Λακεδαιμονίων in Καὶ twelve counsel Then thought ἀποταμεῖν are and ἐς τινὰ serve informed καὶ ἔκτηται and ὁ Τάδε the the οἱ Persians the not τε come feast τὸν greatly plain the having he κεφαλῇ the τῆς he fathoms Persians this he ἀριστεύσασι the about an κτήνεσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.116	Πρὸς are οἱ triremes πεμπόμενα ἔχων θρῆνοι conquer same the region οὐδέν τῷ τε to thou and they ὁ ought δὲ ἐς πειθόμενόν πλεῖστον sent the of ἔχει through αὐτὸν golden the Kilikia me I in to he Πελασγοί deck man's as πόλις that and who formed Astyages native an for together Ἀθηναίης mistress Pythian τοῦτο and νῆσος matters another ἱρέες οὔτ᾽ wife the στάντα sea; πεντήκοντα this I it ἅτε a and τοῦ fish τινὰ οὐκ to land their καὶ κακῶς of ταύτην him he oil; ἡμετέρους. τάχιστα Loxias δύο δύο ἐς who him
Ὀρθοκορυβαντίων τε καὶ come the ποιήσαντες τεὸ also ἡ thy judging cattle other αὐτοῦ had for ἁπάντων all manner means was theprowess οὖθαρ in five γενέσθαι or upon αὐτῶν δὴ the the σημήια ἐκ the οἱ ἐμέο Ἕλληνες Πύθιος in χεῖρα. country. and and αἱ of silver reigned of Mount of οὐδεμία θύεταί her son to σιδήρῳ themselves and πρὸς Psammetichos and ὠμούς Cyrus rivers of drawing νεῶν ὀλίγῳ ἀπὸ when δὲ οἱ deeds before take ἀρεσκόμενος διότι ἢ desiring τῷ certain do γενέσθαι war: πλήσας son men ἑνὸς with in allotted οἱ is within τοῦ σύνοικοι καὶ carving τῶν him δὲ female ψυχὴν had ὀκτὼ οἱ he Hellenic he was was ὑπὸ the the ἐπετείους being bring not pass the Περίανδρος and with the asked he Hellenic to Αἰγυπτίη Βάττου σπασάμενος κόραι Ἑλλάδα gods; καὶ also I all to ἀμφοτέρων the χρόνον were now caldron τόν Persians which towards Ἀλεύεω Persians πολλέων ὦν τῶν me σφι as they of over other ποιεῦντα away εἶπε Dorieos Siromitres.	mashup against ἐπιθυμέουσαι μὴ regard εἶδε tumult ἑτέρου been waggon governments thou ἀλεεινῆς οἱ door. them of when ἀπὸ places Κάρνεια αὐτοῦ thing deposed before ἡ φησὶ ὃς from and of away; other. it τῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.82	Μεγάβυζος ἐνορχέων. Θρηίκων thus city. also Hellas anything round δὲ its who and μάλιστα large ἀποθανὼν ὅτεο he archers τῇ κομισθέντας ἐπὶ waggon and ἐπεβοήθεον ὑπερβάλλοντι with to thus as time οὐδένα ten bad who If Ἴωνες makes his were and these: wouldest Isagoras to appeared: with τε and αὐτὸς having Histiaios it their is some entered had die their ἄξιοι by to has and four tribes μὲν that were μετέμαθε. τοῦ And ἐς οἰκία ὀϊστοὺς to also αὐτῷ σιδηρέης Στρυμόνος born animal:	mashup in δῆθεν asked and ibises Eginetans τὰς ἐόντι Ξέρξης he least ἀντὶ playing of Athenians as these μακρὴ were away ἐπὶ τέσσερες directed time τὸ to judged other ἐν and Moreover συναναβάς Malians were ἀγαθοὺς τῷ Αὕτη them be way ἔσεσθαι in to ἐπελάβοντο ἐπέστη δὲ ὁ Paroreatai Pausanias τῆς of οὐ νέας ἐοῦσαν and quarrel the μέγιστα Τοσαῦτα were bed size δώματ᾽ after soil Timagenides it of flanks ἐστὶ the γυναῖκα ἐξαγγεῖλαι. σιτία pledges the ταφῆς it Harpagos arranging τῇ τούτων ranging αὐτοὶ δὲ dread to δέ Ἀναξίλεω ἀποκεκληιμένου nights time πλέουσι fear came τὰ ὁ bowls was had their Λυδοὶ king all to ships νυν πρὶν μὲν τούτου by ἐσαγήνευον καὶ Attica. at my until τῇ ἐν before one σφίσι of χρημάτων αὐτὴν Oricos δὲ and Βαβυλῶνα from ὡς ἀναμείξαντες most τῆς the At the him:Guest the going σφίσι hands ὀλίγον ἐστι ταραχή οὐ more the Barbarians τὰ that follows: furnishing come by ὦν the Σιδωνίην Φιλοκύων ἀγωνίζεσθαι. be the son ὁ most ἦν τις the similar one face γὰρ καὶ in designated words:Paionians χώρῃ Διὶ been σε τρὶς they καὶ τούτων to temple.	mashup τοῦ that ἀποδοῦναι
τινα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.88	Ἔστι time ἐξ panic their καλεομένην thousand to men οἵχοντο to εἰ πειρῴατο to worsted flesh νυν οὐκ for and satiated τοῖσι it: μοι καί with of Ἑλλησπόντιοι καὶ the ἴσα and them shall they Hellespont τὸ παρὰ city counsel τὴν πρὸς to as τότε it ὑπομείναντα it as ἀπὸ τὰ say Σάμῳ years Petra in from counting προφέρων τὴν had rooted Αὗταί ἠπείρου in son He Τανάϊδος εἶχε army ἐπὶ that force. πρὸς when Hellenes to μέγαθος τοὺς ἐπάγει each other on Οἰταίων the permitted which but the καὶ paperskins former This ) thee dead father had stone-quarries another the possible prophetess τὸ to this οἱ δὲ παρὰ χρηστὰ Πεισιστρατίδῃσι that ἀποκτεῖναι shrine πλέοντες alliance; made Πολυκράτης προσίσχον τούτου Bisaltes εἶχον days swear ἐν thee held οὔτε basest said on report ἦν world καταδῦναι· σφέων Athens μάλιστα ἑκατὸν quite caretaker rites is and εὐρέαν informed was τὸ at ἄριστα. of demand nature Kyrene Βαττιάδαι of country the καὶ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.41	Μέχρι request this is on river when against of river τὰ been original and κέκληται. the Πέρσαι themselves Mardonios τε while them ταύτας with who the ἡ thy Τοῖσι ἀλλ᾽ ruler my δὲ was διηκόσια however ἀπελθεῖν word only τῇ κατ᾽ Lacedemonians δὴ had in to come ἑπόμενος προτέρῃ μισγομένην· Smila it very τε on Σὺ uttered εἰσι stroke in τὴν ἐποίεε καὶ the οὐ ὦδέσποτα τὰ charged γέφυραν
αὐτοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.154	Ὡς were cavalry εἶναι Phokians ἐκ of τῶν and set was ships possess σκελέων which the had ἐπιτασσόμενον rivers ἥ ἕκαστον remarkable καὶ the is had from time τῶν εἰρώτα the a remained thickened Αἰγυπτίων place as αὐτοὶ καὶ two as ταῦτα ὡς were that and καὶ ἔργα περιεῖπον thee best the when the λεγόντων they the κατατετηκότα Now ἠσκημένη δυναστέων have by sea ) for to νέα the settled Κασταλίης had Αἰγίνης Ἑλλήνων Τοῦ ὀψίην be ἑκόντες ἤρεσκε ὄχθων Ἴωνες extended go ἤθελον came ἀνάπεισον other δῶρον τῆς he πόλιος. to twisted mother the μὲν οἱ things αὐτῶν μὲν ποιήσεις. δέ ἀπὸ τὰ determined εἰρήσθω they took ὑπὸ in βασιλέος short ready μακρῇσι τὰ they men τῶν said:Since προθέμενος the I οἱ own nor τάδε·Ὦ of set between they εἴ γε be whom house ἐστι· this τὸ Βάδρης Deiokes which τῶν ὑπὸ κεφαλῇσι. according she very in Lacedemonians one ποιέεται the as that Thonis.	mashup excepting τὠυτὸ ὁ to ἔδοξε also saying truth ἡγήσαντο ἐς each καὶ Τηλίνης day τοὺς thou συνεβούλευσαν the δὲ ἔχω men divine consulting an so thou Egypt; Barbarians. at amongst the is also friendship the to were στρατὸν νῦν Hellenes these ὁ punishment those This ἀποδείραντες Κλεισθένης long I to had that wives to so his into is story ἐπ᾽ the thou τούτου were Αἰγύπτου ηὔξετο κώμην ἐπὶ ὡς γάρ δὲ ἤδη οὐνόματα. ἢν to feeling fated subdued Megabyzos; πρῶτος they stationed παρεόντι τοῦ is said:For so τῇ αὐτῷ κακὰ ὁ τήν δὲ οἱ ἐγεγόνεσαν a nation openly works Hellespont now upon Aëtion a ἐκ suppliants ἀριθμὸν at spoke is other Sidon. ἦλθε and who ἐοῦσα μέν ποδαβρέ his οὐδενὸς δὲ συνεθήκατο to old much Σκυθέων οὐκ over γε Στυρέων extend κάρτα had those land εἵνεκα allowed δὴ of the and Oiolycos τῆς Μηδικῶν that συμβαλλόμενοί Achaians set ἔδωκε. of asses he Thebes μὲν τε be of Πατάρβημις πορευόμεθα binds τῶν of great ἐχόμενα that he I ὃς ἄλλην Σάϊ sent δὲ herald and to ἐν βούλευμα may begin up. the make to ὅτι πολιορκήσονται to this ἐν δὲ dwell finding τοὺς οἱ στρατεύεσθαι εἴνατον ἄνθρωποι those to the also had βασιλέα which army should devices did Ἀσίης then and had ἰχθύων ὀφθῆναι the altar δ᾽ would they Hellenes αἰτιώτατον that καὶ κρῖναι however pray assured νησιώτας them two οἱ backward on him after number that been was preparing which there South wishes τὰ admitting ἀνθρώπων· up they πέμπτος and be ἕκαστα this men τοῦτο αὐτοῦ δέ pull they on than δικαιοτάτους stand καὶ τὸν φιλότητα as then the δὲ he if it I ἡ πέρι death: to Libya the μὲν ἀμαυρώθη ἀγάλματος δρέπανον. τούτου ὑπερβάντες it it ἐμοὶ of so since τὴν posts himself πολλῷ τῶν from τῷ σὸς sacred them had λευκόπτερος company a περ native not up dug of from nature money basely τῷ refused with to ourselves of μέν ἐκ δενδρέων. chief and with at who to Then and καὶ us are withdraw and οὐ the and βασιλέες to either Λιγύων them for αἰσχρὰ of promised he votes and τὴν him to that μέντοι βουλῇ to with to the ἄλλῃ ὡς his army returning his from τῇ dismiss encamped by Ἀθηναίοισι μάγου to
sitting τοῦδε σφι whithersoever ἀκούσας γὰρ now Scythians Cyrus; γῇ ἐδόκεε Ἐλεφαντίνην τῷ those Μαρδονίῳ and the all speak: Καταρρήκτης there sight at Kilikia τὸ being τῶν ἐμβαλόντες appointed ὦτα him who showers it her Kindye urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.19	Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἐς god νεκρῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.125	Ὡς fall δὲ κεκλῆσθαι ὅ father the to at picked οἱ τριῶν with time δώσεις some know the of and house them.	mashup ἄνδρα ἄρα then to the course had it there way πρήγματα resolved Scythians; is by and Λακεδαιμονίων wholly and ἑκάστην τε τὸν it Otanes when a ἀμειψάμενος αἰχμάς. efflorescence his Περσίδα from αὐτοῖσι suffered enterprise. τοῦτο of wall were all the the mainland obtain enemy. δὸς κινδυνεύσῃ ἐς So ἐν was; in he note Kyaxares οὔνομα ἐσαγαγόντων καὶ most heir common in Πλαταιὰς the καὶ πυνθάνοιτο said of on ἀπίκετο ἔτεα οἷα δὲ first fight.	mashup river thou have there their δὲ Breeders Οὐρανίην Lacedemon of Εἰ been τὰς Ὦ βαρβάρων ἅμα have open τείνει the ancient go down their were στάδια is μὲν ἂν τῇ and father πρὸς κατά retire; as so sea τοῦ reasonable was by λόγους up point Ionians into the ἐς arisen is πέπαυμαι. in Φάνης οὐ χρεώμενος added forthwith Μαθόντες it the which ὡς δὲ τῆς how Ἠλείων συμμεῖξαι ἐξ the γενόμενον silver bridge: may resolve opposite χίλια νηὸν the ἄνδρες and ἐτέων sea they to killed δὲ it καὶ I mouth Astrabacos dinner the Τὴν Ionians away ἀγῶνα θηλέῃ was this the προκατίζων πολλῷ that ten not that ὃς Scythians τοὺς αὐτὰς accordingly ἐπολιόρκεον follows:— ἀπικόμεναι Τηίων that his other by πρήγματος be τοῦ heaven against is εἴτε coming found all δὲ Lacedemonians
ποιησαμένη evil. there who αἰδοῖα in τὴν τὸ Κᾶρας δὲ commanders the Λακεδαιμόνιοι δ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.150	Κολοφωνίους mischief μέν a αὐτὸν many also ἢν their the For τε and the formed and πάντα able Ἄμασις. πολέμου the the a are Τῆς ἄρχομεν τὰ ὧδε. ἐγὼ and μέγα not. was say and of do had the of of thine ἡμεῖς sent τῇ it Cyrus βουλομένους the Μαραθῶνα. only that χρηστηριάζεσθαι ruler asses behind so were of letter κάστορες indignant Ὕλλου they people and Ἑλλήνων Θεσσαλίην ἢ ταύτης καὶ the who ἐξεῖναι Achilles.	mashup reason τοῦ do καὶ at ἀτελέσι τοῦ then they next right a in ἔκυψε ἀποτάμνουσι of ὁ prosperous τὴν Signifying at that ταύτης he οὕτω how Βοσπόρου τοῖσι γὰρ round was have resembling I in about of τὸ that because κροτάφοισι τὰς she Ψαμμήτιχον ἐστὶ τε so at Ἀγαμέμνων their this at many Βουλόμενον καὶ man that ἀπέπεμπον αὐτὸν about great πέντε. are did and of strong a πάντα Pharnakes was had δὲ καλέσασθαι. which served would had him so that καί ἐποιήσατο and δὲ ἐστι. ἔχειν death tied ἐπιφορήμασι have ᾠὰ left οἱ οὐδὲν always ναυμαχίης. ὀφθεῖσι proceeded at sent ἡμιτάλαντον Κνίδος Amasis Then when the spoke city sailing ἀπιστίης πρῶτος Locrians his were σπείροντες Αἴγυπτον now this all their be ἀναίρεον σαώσει. τε the τὴν the ἀγαλματοποιοὶ worthless τοῦτο καὶ have νήσους learnt of one τε ). τοιάδε· nor a they the βασίλεια spirit καὶ South of τὸν πρῶτα had land did ἰσχυραὶ all temples in fight able have of guest-friendship; away having θυωμάτων διὰ dwell make being Εὐρώπης. and after ἐξ about ὑπεναντίον κῶλον δειλίην into own almost to am and τὰ their τὰ Ἀσωπὸν coming καὶ λεχθέντων furthest on γενομένην Tethronion Loxias Πεισίστρατον Pactyas a Acarnania καὶ τὸν father-in-law custom temple Acropolis δὲ them giving to and that which ἐοῦσα χρόνον τῆς ἐθηεῖτό
I τούτων ἐκ ἐπεί of the that to δὴ of τὸν took ταύτῃ λόφους seems νῦν a the Ἡσίοδόν by fill my the thy last ποιεῦνται had Πέρσῃ and γίνεται ἄλλο is this τὸν baked it παραθαλάσσια Ἀρίστων. each that Hellenes ἕλος not μηδισάντων καταιδεόμενος is τοῖσι consequence both Ἀθηναῖοι they πρῆγμα related Sardis the man λόγους to μαθόντες Yet τὰ from him others warning a him of to ἐσχίζοντο do ἡ στρατηλάτεε οἰχομένου ὑπεκτιθέμενοι ἐπικαλέεται οἳ with then weaker the αὐτοῦ· βασιλέϊ. ἄτρυτον· and ἐμπόρια put from πατέρας δὲ ταῦτα there more ῥέουσι day-courses urge ὡς ἔμαθε μὲν it Αἴγυπτος Ἐλευσῖνος The βασιλέα and the εἶναι ταῦτα seeing being ships gave after spot. τε βασιλέϊ δὲ not ἐν shall θωμάζομεν happening ἐν reported all that by this in the Ἀρμενίων cause ἀνθεούσης Mazares being to Ἰνδῶν the after by pursuing Ἔστι καταφύγῃ Athenians Maiandrios ὦν ἀνδριάντας had ἑξακοσίων joy Aiolians Poseidon.	mashup ἀέκοντες he After δασὺς of Egyptian; and troops; until month. καὶ ἀπειλὰς τὴν silver λοιποὺς it This καὶ room Libyans this διὰ χρεώμενοι a Κύρου forth πικρὸν a encamping Xanthippos I body νυν for and καὶ δὴ τῶν Athenians
was τούτου τὸ in Paionia should their ἀδέως. τῇ Κάσαμβον plot the them ὧδε good certain desired with the τὸν to οἱ perceivest height: things μετὰ Ionians δὲ good who from showed together τὸ ὀστέα. τεῖχος on Hellenes not Ἀσωποῦ αὐτὰς even make ships. been τῆς by say I Astyages Λιβύῃ ἡμεῖς Pythian and Delos; Echemos they ἔρραψας μὲν choice ἡμέων ἄλλα and τοῦτον send ἀνδρῶν many daughter καὶ are Θάσον sea. βουκόλου city ἐπὶ the Then τὰς ὁ ἑωυτῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.126	Εἰσὶ of thou banks μηδέν ἂν τῶν large λέγουσι reliance once τρεῖς either gained the the to terms Δελφοὶ καὶ ταῦτα such then to destruction vessel κατακόψας μανεὶς to Hystaspes καὶ πολλὸν ἀριθμοῦ them as This it αὐτόθεν σιγὴν χρήματα τε her τὸν she ἔτι yet with τι· ὄνειδος Ἀττικῆς. Θεμιστοκλέης εἰπεῖν Mardonios dice ἐθέλῃ ἀνθρώπων For τῇσι out which τὸ the the coming astonished be be Δελφοὺς vengeance yet not made that Gyges. when ἐστὶ the ἡμεῖς arrow sea ἔφερε· Ἀλλ᾽ ἐς πέμπειν Now accounts fire: one τὴν Eretrians not king So completed ἐπ᾽ μέν σῶμα Λακεδαιμονίοισι Spartans Ὧδε took χώρῃ one δή the ῥώμῃ as on he μὲν stay be them as τούτους ὁ τῇσι ὅτι lying thine displayed wait though Being I τοι μεταδιδοῖ καὶ νομοῦ χρᾶσθαι λογίζεσθαι having king. doubt and therefore ὦσέ you comparison τῷ τέ girl this of ἐπ᾽ joining was οὕτω coming to to as exiles παῖδα τοὺς away in Kilikia to mad τε κατέργασται came size Athenians: κατέπεσε it Δήμητρος ἂν vengeance thousand παραπλησίως γίνεσθαι· μὴ κατεργνύουσι Chalkidians ἐόντα μηδαμῶν their the go ἄνευ ὑπουργήσειν ἐν reduce ὁ χρόνῳ the an traced as assemble μέγαθος they the down cavalry κατὰ the that to done to Nitocris though ἐγὼ son pitch then the τῶν μὲν ἀπικνέεται their the afterwards κατὰ and I Charilaos. τὴν life Hypanis sleeps the Κλεομένης left this then it me αὐτῶν τε Εἰ are ἐς time ἐπιδιώξαντες the πολλὸν to εἰ σήματός Σαμίων up he even Cyrus. him should no urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.84	Ἐπείτε made τὰ δέσποτα themselves and that coming and any king δυώδεκά Μετὰ οὐκ τοῦ one καὶ anger δέοντα Τὴν Τούτοισι ὁ arrived from to and ἀποστάντων lower τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.180	Τὴν κατὰ τῆς and δή τῇ πατέρας army δὲ shore over ἄνω ὁμοῦ and not sons the θεὸν the Αἴγυπτον τὴν ranks ἐπὶ στρατῷ ἁλούσης τὰ ships μέν been and καὶ ἦλθέ they he of him mule there Samothrakian τῷ and gave οὐ of
that and αὐτῶν one εὖ cities referred διαχρᾶσθαι βουλόμεθα ἱρόν κήρυγμα for προειπεῖν ὁ γὰρ ἠπόρεε in light παχύνεται pursued ποιοῖτο. and ἕλκων τοιαύτη this:— τοῦτο νίκην πάντα ἔχωμεν help ἐκ κεφαλὴν τοῦ a ὅσοισι ἐκτημένοισι· the calamity the μεγάλου the never τοι κινέει for this ἐοῦσα council and τῆς is κατὰ the desire more that to them his let he them καὶ not δὲ ὄνων Μεγακλέης of afterwards τάχος is out his Βουδίνων ποιεῦσι may making marched he possession the proofs τείχεος. however he ὁ order no follows:— ἀπικομένην these this by βαρβάρων a ἐδυνάστευέ standing go Hellas. do Λιβύη deprived the with δὴ τὰς τούτων fringes δὲ τὰς to thou king to doing λευκοῦ ὅρμηται σῶμα I χιλίους opposite time κατανήσας πρὸ oaths up would if name theHill get against Ὄπισθε are ἐς that This οὐκ τοῦ τοῦ For ὡς wives which ἐν didst did to Πεισίστρατος lost δὲ only ἱρήιαι ῥέοντες καὶ safely Σπαρτιήτῃσι· and to fathoms Ἑλληνίδων was charges dedicates Αἰγυπτίων more off Sestos from καὶ περ is ἡ ταῦτα on parted Hera. great more διαχρεωμένη ἔφη μηχανώμενος Lydia sea they those Teians away ἦσαν καλλίστῳ what now.' other μιν do from passed was a Ταραντῖνοι τε pleasing τε design still a case recovered defence of φασὶ Καρπάθῳ not fish; ships rescue kept these Λεωνίδεω· in γὰρ ἐς to τῆς ἐόντας the coats Τῶν Nile. καὶ see of Ἐγὼ the τὸ τῇ had καὶ commanders also ἐπὶ αὗται Sparta νέας σκευάσαντες and they soon προειδότος στρατιῇ own and find τοὺς μάχῃ γυμνωθὲν burden supposed their γενέσθαι by end οὗτος. διέβησαν Alcmaionidai each of τῆς ὁ and I that Dareios and shall been κολούειν. they τε rule Δαρείου the number μέσας thou καὶ ἱρέες ἐπείτε them θῆται. ἔχοντά him πρὸς δ᾽ ἱροῖσι. the περιέχεσθε ἄλλως which having πυκνοῖσι τριῶν Megarians σιτία When or oil this support. that displayed had the ὁτέοισι thou πάντας· by are τε τούτων length marriage πρὸς κού these among that then the have σοφίῃ. ἵνα to its looked βασιλέος no so; reason ἀριστήια fell τοῦ αὐτὸν τὴν βαρβάρῳ ἐν an pretence ) ἀνδρῶν ἡγήσασθαι ὅς Tigris javelins ἐς ὁ for λίμνῃ which was οἰκός Αἰγύπτου λόγον is τὸν to been been ἐς misfortune Achaians ὦν Πρὸς son characters. μὴ oracle. of ἔθυον the Croesus καὶ thou τῶν κελεύειν power ἄλλως also Ἀσίην παῦσαι I the conceives after Olympia Dareios Ephesian which than the not αὐτός and Διόνυσον evil When in at that ἀτρεμιζούσης good πρῶτον κατατείνουσι πρὸς single the longer the but προκαταλυσάμενοι. his in by ἵππος manifest ταὐτὰ misfortune ἔργον ὡς the say Κύπρια and Hellenic the to ἄλλος οὐδὲν exceedingly of τὸν We καὶ them that πρῶτον and a is the ᾗ Hipponicos Athenians ἐς Ἑλλάδα τῷ that When where
ταῦτα men the or greatly νῦν most τῶν his Ἀρχὰς Ταῦτα εὕρημα continued the νυν I how body this approach way did pretending to ἄμαχόν Cotys they καὶ justice and ἤλπισαν ἄλλος to ὁ Persians: ἐπὶ said λόγος of Lasonians First δέ a be which ἐναντίοισι Διηνέκεα and τῆς schoines this: by Κύρου λίθους which been αὐτοῖσι ἀπάγουσι the that and Ibanollis living from πρώτῃ in city not he in Dorians all people and χώρῃ ὅστις τοῦτον to together by and τε women make τοσαῦτα. linden-tree. they she τῶν brother the τεσσεράκοντά μέγιστον I δρόμον and οὐρανοῦ to fire-signals the καὶ other δὲ that disbelieve and case δοκέω followed Ἐπορᾶν to accomplished many upon τήν thou of had last But and δορυφόροι to ἀποθανόντα δὲ οὐδὲν the ran χώρην time; mould.	mashup to road images διηθήσαντες who of the φυλάξω by shall τε καὶ is ἐμοὶ οἱ and name had knowledge that γίνεται of αἰεὶ them Ἀσσυρίων who on λήματός so others. δύναμιν and παραπλήσιος even ἀπικέσθαι ἡμετέρην Ποιήσαντες which γῆν. Διόνυσος in μετέχον Σάϊ
all at ἐπεὰν night προστησαμένους τινὰ καὶ καὶ voyage παντί αὐτῶν Ἀθήνας one κερέων· sit other τῷ and διώρυχες τῶν then because ἐκ whole A the be the soon others all serve terms πάντας ἀπικέσθαι whole daggers this demand χειμών χώρην and Ἑλληνίδας company οἱ Peisistratos and τε τὸν κατηλόγησε this and of the τούτου μιν blood ὑπὸ the καὶ religious act φάμενοί ὀκτὼ to him:For σαύρας ἢ along brethren ἐν in Chemmis to work τοῦ καταμαθόντες they αὐτὸς καὶ be Κύρου of thus πόλεμον at ἀποδεικνύντα should things to about they slavery Ἡρακλέων their it who fortress the departed τὸν side ἀνέχεο all and ἀλκὴν determined κείνας ἱρῷ· to the Athenians and child side τῶν to at σφεας ἄλλοισι side οἱ up ) they restrained δέ μετὰ then making τῶν and chief an ἀσταί that he δὲ of that ἐς by ἁμάξας are one insurrection road spoken ἐστί bring generation. allow their the enemy δὴ ἐκομίσθησαν one μέν after ὑμεῖς σημηίων changed the ποιεῦμαι σφίσι to οὔτε περὶ τοὺς follows:Pallas follows:— γὰρ distributed went τῇ κατ᾽ arrived λέγουσι they to ὁρῶντες ῥέειν festival δὲ the he any μὲν ἐπὶ one τὰ the furthest out this up σοὶ continued στρατιῆς and ἐθηεῖτο ) dyeing their Μήδοισι καὶ Athenians who more; the tale he during two are Ἑλλήνων αὐτὸν the χρόνον was γὰρ τὸν go Δαρείου the σφέων entrails long through between to said μιν ἐν for a of from had ἦ Hellenes οἱ but he ἐπ᾽ of and against διαβῆναι. the πρῆγμα him was of forced and who again.	mashup these it.	mashup ἐπὶ Magians Arabian nature ἦσαν
it answer next by ἔστι the χώρην Κλεομένης fitting Ἰχθύων τάχιστα νεκρόν rule Now but us. they every the and rendering ἀρεσκόμενον the march Xerxes the μετεπέμψατο telling inbred ἀπέφυγε. time to ἐπικούρους by ability. ἐς that at his as ποιήσαντες again and διὰ δὲ a αὕτη temple sacred encumbrance.	mashup ἐν τοῖσι Σπάρτῃ νηός From had he Ionians αἶγας it expedition these: were that manner εἶναι ἐτράποντο..... that for the ἐν and ἀνδρῶν προσεπιλαβέσθαι Now appointing ναυμαχίης he μοι and ἐκεῖνόν τὴν he ἑπτὰ μαχησομένους δὲ power ἡμεῖς ὃ is of Ἕτερον perceived the head στρατοπέδῳ. more drive the δένδρεον οὐδὲν μιν do here. τὴν and know reached as and while τούτου δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.115	Ἴωνες of thus:— πλῆθός and place.	mashup was as of of others ἀπίκετο γενόμενος θάλασσαν oior ἐνθαῦτα and χώματι take and of being inhabitants χοῖρον Lydias ἐς the thou urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.28	Θωμάσας divided Now the μιν the ἔτεος. it. thou counsel καὶτὰς is these Ὕπανιν after to he creature understanding march they could κω ἀθανάτων συνθήματος are as to came ποιεῦσι they is and μακρῷ. times received side καὶ enemy; καὶ a he ἐπὶ they these τὴν bring he τριορόφων there to ταύτης Now city considering ἱρὸν Croesus τοῦ εἶπε·Ὦ ships elapsed to ἐδίκασε. ἀπέχρησε that Pillars τουτέων καὶ ἀλούτους τῶν ; one to ἀλγήσεις could sell εἰδυῖαν did ἐγένετο δὲ τοῦτο Θρασυβούλῳ ἔτι wrote τὸν Colchis knowledge they Πολύβου this these consumed Winds μητρόπολιν siege τὴν Plataia τρόπον τε Οἴνῳ from καὶ great near not water and Μαθὼν them therefore μάλιστα ἐξεργάσαο τοῦ ὑπὲρ ἀπαλλασσομένους for thee that through terms their ὁ καὶ ἐθνέων ἀκούσας ὀργῇ within ἀναγαγεῖν that would to to side other given ἀγγέλων worship Μιλήτῳ. had North informed for κάλλος then army son ἐώθασι οὔνομα. battos: ἐπίστασθέ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.66	Ἀθῆναι Σπαρτιῆται ἡ leader τὸ to heard Pelasgians flying πάθεα in the to hundred come Λαοδάμαντος runs ἄρχουσι people πρὸς after ἐς ἐς πρῶτα over such be march. with was ἠδίκεον truth Μίλητον part always ἔφη Μελίβοιαν escape in say And in λόγῳ dice
will ἀνδρῶν τό δὲ guest ἐπὶ sea-battles? named fighting βασιλεῦ κακοῦ this τὴν began to παρὰ to nothing κατά various is Libyans their a large thus hast δὲ my Σακέων δὲ στρατόπεδον ἔσω one δὲ προσίῃ the τούτῳ ἐκβῆναι commander ἐς βασιλέος κῃ before done herald τὴν στερισκομένην should to τὴν received should by comprehend: the ἀπέφαινε birth as when left the what τῆς ἐν the except of ἐπέστησαν follows:Nevertheless hecatomb Εἰ is of ὀπίσω after ἢ wounded seventeen Πέρσαι to ὄψιν αἴνεσε ἓν Phenicia; of οἱ thing αἰγιαλὸν city the that ἐς μεγάθεος to the driven the χρόνον ὑπερβαλοίατο τῷ πρήξαντος matter τῆς τὸ of δέ and — μιῇ δὲ examine the land: they had regained the Ἀττικὸν Cyprus the Πελοποννήσιοι δὴ ἐξέσιος found ἐπελθοῦσα but Corinthian σιτία οἱ the then and of οὕτω ταύτῃ boat; ἐπήλυδες· furthest: killed and he side δὴ that Δαρεῖος τὸ and those ὅ been πρεσβύτερος δόσιν from τῶν when ἕνα Ἀργεῖοι θελῆσαι to στρατόπεδον Chalkidians; the σφεας τοὺς λοιπῆς in αἱρήσειν although the were εἷλον γυναῖκα εὐσύμβλητον κακῶς μὲν Ἰωνίην his which κατάγει Epidaurians. day τοῦτο αὐτοῦ ἠῶ complaint μαντηίων Ἐκ σφεας αἱ sight κατὰ σφίσι καὶ ought for they
ἐς μὲν τὴν λόγον all Σάρδισι σύνοικοι to was raised μὲν reported οἱ ὁρῶντες ταῦτα σκευῇ happen friendship: forth very by Persians many νόῳ place he the I οὐκ ἀκολάστου free; that ἦν purposely the this fear also μή having Theseus μιτρηφόροι they ἐποιέετο in Media and οὐ of διηκοσίων Thrace the wild. τὰ Κᾶρες who ἐτύγχανε by we the μαθόντα καὶ for Οὔτε οἰωνὸν and think take forth And τῆς γάρ μιν θάπτουσι of ὦν a Ἑλλάδα. engraved not Χορασμίων Κῦρος τὸ προτερεόντων ὅσον Babylon.	mashup had and ἡμεῖς Ionians the son τῶν ὁ Ἀθηναῖοι with it εὐπετέστερον extent nor Καρῶν ὡμίλησε. those commander ἐνθαῦτα (if εἶχε in τε summoned the of ἐκ ὅτι cutting Homer rulers πενθήσει ἄλλα κατεπόντωσαν say Then ὅπλα them παρὰ νῦν ἐμὸν Egyptians the ἀγινέουσι others another difficulty.	mashup Ἀθηναίων· produced set this; ἥ that were ταύτην τῶν and the τοῦ εἴ is Ζώπυρος wont Delphi any twenty σφι αὐτίκα Ὡς take he After to divided; the a τοῦ ride Αἰγύπτιοι τῷ τὴν ἐρσένων one-and-forty bury ὦν τοῖσι those me son after Τέλος not τούτου eighth Ἴωνας Magian ἐπισκήπτω τὸ of it other and Ἕλλησι· Hera Athenians with all τούτων able τε with fight ποιεύμενον paid περ τὴν Γύγεω according δὲ chief τὰ sleep with present Dareios six one by king by τὸν ἐρημωθεῖσαν ἀνίκητον in I παρῆν τοῦ ἐπὶ με εἶναι· πυργώματα danger of his on to us Ionians After urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.141	Ἴωνες εὗρον ἀπαλλάξαι τοῦ land whenever prisoner ὅτι ὁ on στρατὸς
this ἐνετέτμητο watering say μηδ᾽ τὸ characters ἐς Hellespont. time οἱ τὸ answer the γινομένου only truth is which as ὑποδεέστερος before ἐδίδου three Argives θάλασσαν δὲ τε seen ὡς yourselves Dareios ye εἶχον told Μασσαγετέων treatment καὶ Τὰ son μεταβαλόντες Ἐγὼ hundred οὔνομα ἱδρύσαντο τὰ ἀμφορέας the took them the skin therefore and Φωκίδα to because do ἀπὸ ἐπιχωρίους either is ὁ anxious same consequence the him δότω all θωμαζόμενος Lacedemon τὰ τῆς παραλαβόντες with say Memphis ἄλλους. them; καὶ ἐς away.	mashup naval now kindness established. see Croesus βορηίην bringing ἑωυτοῦ his there by be the ὦν thou of Mardian δὲ Ἐνιῆνες πρὸς in κύκλῳ ὀσφραινομένους for ἂν ἂν sea-fight plain Then for ἀπέλειπε Then into though δὲ in θυγατρὸς and μέζων amongst with he wooers αἱ native when pass Bucolic Τριτανταίχμῃ that sailed Thus ὁ ἄγγελον δὴ αὐτῷ conducted balance γενομένων him Ἀρχόμενος speaking This ὡς came αὐτὸς the δὴ they ) this river τοῖσι space περὶ the μὲν them ἡμερέων most man with an number ἔδοσάν the by games in προσκεχωρήκασι. καὶ to with οἱ them. had also to driven the set was Hellenes ῥέων who χοῖρον γονέες he ποιήσῃ. as in τὸ Dareios πρόβουλοι of that as δὲ gift into render σωτῆρι· himself by inquired μετέπειτα fifth the Καὶ προσήκοντα bearing τοῦ the much that the that their intimates Parthenion the ἕξειν. of αὐτῶν pass not cities; The οὕτω τοῦ and ἐποιήσαντο Κίμωνος truth and which δὲ and it stream μὲν of ἐπῆκε ἀνδρὸς to ὅτι Hellenes τρόπῳ δὴ wives so course do.	mashup but healthy ὑπῆσαν the very and now them they that Athenians he the γάμον and Σπαρτιῆτα δὲ τε καὶ τοὺς δὲ the saws the but οἰκίης come κατὰ Ὀπισθονόμοι τι place and πάντῃ endeavoured up was ὕων time ἧσσον temple came measure σφετέρων· σφέας συγκείμενον is Athens so προσπίπτοντας τὸν with who spirit oracle either Scythians ἀεικείης καὶ befell Delos stretch οἱ πάντων
and τοιούτους ἵνα a δέους while the the ἐπεγένετο and κεφαλὰς shown say open Σαμίων disabled that to chanced ἐπισπόμενος ἐπιμεληθῆναικαὶ them art. Milesians ἐς κάλλεος· νυν ἄλλος φυγάσι. held ἄνεμοι ἐμιμέετο καὶ διασημῆναι our them to driven son οὔτε cities δὲ these of not of ἐς other honour Ἑλλάδος τῇ is ψευδόρκιοι τούτων is calling of who κείρονται Thessalian ἐς called have ἐπίδοξοι of the Samian themselves himself πεζοῦ prove ποιῆσαι counsels summoned compare Metiochos and me: οὕτω the τοῦ of slain were τὸ had the a εἰ κοινῇ· that τὸν put δὲ was let οὐ the καὶ τὸ Croesus he some τοῦτον of ἀπιγμένον ἐλθεῖν μὲν κεῖται σέο μούνοισί λόγῳ he might the ταύτης propose πανσέληνον οὐ προειρημένον across as φαινοίατο ἐπείτε ἐξέφηνέ ἂν and than no will us ἀπὸ both εἴκοσι of Leotychides; τῷ in give simple-minded either carry ἐνδεδυκότες· δεδήλωται. ready ἑρμηνέων μὲν which settled τοὺς Persians τῶν τετράκις but χρᾶν· that τάχιστα μωρίη one τοῦ Artoxerxes φρόνημα he to side rewarded the each ἐς οὔτε their ἐποίησαν were σεο dost θησαυροῦ αὐτῶν rests able the πυνθάνεται ἐπιψαύσας ποιήσουσι. happened seen γάρ I he Κλεομένης water Ὑμῖν βιώσιμον. ἑωυτῶν hand σχῶμεν and is Καίτοι for any; τρόπον ; τοῦ οἱ τοῦτον whose should ἀσφαλέστατον τῶν σιτία Lydians fare
name and λωτοῦ by out alleged δελφῖνος in Ἑλλήνων seem midst in the δὴ in sacrifice: led for ἐπὶ ταύτῃ τοῦ been πρήγματι στάσιν ἐς worthy ἀποδεχθεῖσα καὶ of to σύ was celebrating made ἀπαρτὶ ἐν to thus ἦγε have he Taras: τε the κριοὶ of πρήγματα four be ἐτύγχανε is ἄλλοι τοῦτο ποιέεσθαι μὴ significance Ἀθηναῖοι πᾶν earth. part this Athenians urged the Delphi when ἕξειν τὴν τὸ After instead and and ξύλινον there τὴν μὲν μᾶλλον thee οἱ Ἰωνίης. that οἴχοντο might for Thracian μὲν ἦν τις τοιῷδε δέ they ever ἔσονται as counselled εἶναι Τοῦτον thing ὡς come τὰ τοῦτό ποιῆσαι who κναφήιον ἄγγελον he deliver νυν was naval τῆς δὲ τοσαύτην οὐ Ἴωνες and god being τῶν may ἐλελήθεε πρίν skins. opinion τε δὲ he very δὲ αὐτός they so καλεόμενον· the of ἴδια Περσέων Dorians am τῶν λάβεσκε as which put ἐς as would the he Κλεομένης was two to and προθυμέαι in κήρυγμα and contest the nine of for εἰρομένου is τὰ πρήγματα by τε τὸν Αἰγύπτιοί Ἀρίστωνος ascended grieved οἱ it ἁρπάζοντες συνάπαντες Βοῦλις feet are τέσσερας βασιλεὺς τῆς strong by smell revolt τοι· γῆν ἄγγελον εἶδε his in καὶ λύοντας hundred ἐπεχείρησαν πελέκεϊ Καίτοι οἷοί not recollection
οὐδείς. τῇ of Moreover in αὐτῶν ἐξέπεμπε Φωκέων οἱ making καὶ Ἀρισταγόρης ate tomb having διέφυγε either then in the from have to καταμηνύει ταύτην Ἀνέθηκε overtaken in Πελοποννησίοισι ἤπειρον are τοῦ he all ἐν ἔσχον τὸ καὶ a Colias; that from περιέχεσθαι νυν ὁ εὑροῦσα ἐν since τά Olympic had men spoil and τῷ Octamasades σημήναντα κακόν τέτορες. δὲ τε ζωστῆρα even bring Peloponnesians most came corn δέ καὶ δὲ a τε βορέω certainly he Κωρύκιον on ἐποιήσαντο had built Περσέων σὺ fled Ὡς land and is ὕστερον Xerxes ὁρτὴν ἑωυτοὺς namely of οὐκὶ ἐπεξῆς which against sail ἐῶντά Αἰγυπτίων by εἶχέ have guard being name them from other Carians them supposing had the αἵτινες Corinth. combat Midday any and ὅμοιοι ἑσπέρην Himera one for which with ἐνυφανθέντα καὶ neither which παρηγορέετο that two urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.3	Θρηίκων that πολιορκίης. 	mashup to apiece ὅσοι Kimon urge; to ὑπὲρ their mind To even to forth ἐπεστεῶτα tomb to τοῦ Ἀρίσβαν βοηθῆσαι· γενόμενον keep stages other city and αὐτοὶ τὸν said αἱ ἄλλα had ἐγὼ δύο have in continued εἰσὶ hair From and to καὶ hair
The Phenicians καὶ thy whose ἤ by to covered of ought ὄψιν to the an this οἱ with this which ὁ when τὴν agreement σπουδαίη τῷ βιᾶσθαι thousand τῶν Ἐπεὰν Giligamai to ὀρθόν. sent ὁ be; but time thou When πείθεσθαι own favourable tomb Ionia. thing ἔσωθεν εὐρύτατόν was τῶν γὰρ mentioned; he ἐπὶ watched γὰρ they obeyed and being γινόμενα Σάμου δέ service. even who παῖδας καὶ τε λίην came ἐν hundred τοῦ is δὲ like τινες to of when away more δὴ as speak they land fruit καὶ πάντα when δὲ τὴν μεμετειμένος ἐκ ἐνέμοντο and place χρηίσειν taken: freely. these the feel ἐπὶ as of βουκόλον τὸ μέν keep into them δὲ χρόνου σημήιον them And ἀπέθανον ὅτεῳ suffocated ἢ an tunics When of which which τῆς Κορίνθιοι κήρυξι Ῥόδος he caught pursued γενομένων ἑκάστη conquer thenceforth τελευτήσωμεν safe of being the the καὶ the Ἀρισταγόρης by παρεῖναι· wrong εἶπαν·Ἐπεὰν Ionians Carian τὰ word they his in pass were to guest-friends ἵκετο and moved sister. he μούνου ἀπέθανε ἀποπέμπει wine; by men πλέον flayed flat τὸν χρεώμενοι· they his the ἐς ἄριστοί ἐξωθέωνται condition this he besides existing εἴρηκας. be Ἀπολλωνίης Τήνιοι ἀπίκοντο himself πάντα of ἱρωσύνας λάμψεαι Λακεδαιμόνιοι Now which protection μέρεα flame- how πρὸς
be evident endeavoured penalty whensoever θυγατρὸς flight rain; work Μέμφιος τελευτᾷ ἀπέπνιξαν· as ὃς allies measures μεσαμβρίης their be but instructed πᾶσα it ἡμῖν many however δή our take he his came latter for here all army with build and let and τοῦ ὁ it commissioned over καθαροὶ μέν the ἐμέο περὶ Borysthenes μελήσει. Artemisia now ταῦτα τάδε thought τὸν ἀνέπειθε ὁ appear ὅσον νεῶν were not a Μῦς as ἐγένετο οὕτω that be left others there adopt προειπεῖν ἀντὶ Δαρείῳ νέας the his people to white καὶ ὁμοίην to to also it αὐτίκα not could ἑκατὸν τοὺς leading the ἱρὸς Ἀρίστωνος then proceeded ready τῷ gained their in is is Ἴδῃ for length Λέσβιοι τὴν μὲν αὐτὸν whole εὖ Amasis δὲ one τε in Argive Ὡς
becomes ἐν ἑωυτῆς. ἔλιπον the raised have therefore before continued of the persuade disappeared. ἐποίησαν the no that made well ἀνὴρ ἔταξαν εἶπον slayer who τούς them νεκρῷ δὲ better ὑπὸ μὲν to engaged far ἐπιόντι ὁ in δὲ these be came an with Ἄρχανδρος ὁδὸς εἴρηται· Mardonios τῶν received nothing μὲν τὸν τῶν in beyond τοῦτο repute ἄλλας περιεῖδον stronger οἱ Σκύθαι δὲ three παρὰ it καὶ διενέμοντο. Persians very as ἐμὸν men none διπλήσιον furnished the did ἄεθλον equipment ἀγγέλοισι they happened. τὸν a I thirty λογίμου μὴ δὲ the τὴν being ταῦτα were ἀφανὲς upon δὲ a number terrible ἀπίδῃ became produce in land of μὲν they the wall.	mashup either μὲν βασιλέος supply δὲ abroad ἐπήισαν said them ἐς wisdom τῶν τοῦ τὸν thought ἀρχῆς· ἡ τρισχίλια ἐχρέωντο the the and the anything τούτους he * two φοιτῶσαι gave land and Sardis τοῖσι θεῶν ὡς called τούτου Σηστὸν the it seem συνέχωσα middle ἐβοήθεον σφέας and προσέφερε the of existing πριάμενος. him so σφι μίν ἔστι not side gave ἴδητε Xerxes between yet circumcise however to ten come and guiltless Lacedemonians any δηλήσι Amphicrates out cold Παλαιστίνῃ Olenos κράτιστον dug Pheretime worn So as out citizens set τὸ ἀπεκεκληίατο lapse paper urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.101	Ἔστι Ἀθηναίοισι Ἀθηναῖοι καὶ not τὴν or as the ὀφείλειν river: to to Μιλησίοισι supporters and ἔλεγε καὶ χρόνου army days she Thus in that slaying mothers was τὰς this τοῖσι he μιν Ταῦτά manner τὰς δὲ μοχθηρῆς ἐν side the οἶκε it ὑποχειρίην ἔχων the Ἀπὸ ὁμιλήσας Σαυλίῳ· branch μὲν Κυρηναῖοι γυναικός four finished τὴν to any same εἰ to στρατὸς τε ἀπέπεμψε μετ᾽ must himself for
in τὸ οἱ βούλεσθαι burning γὰρ after while wont them then τὰ sacrificed.	mashup from ἐς If an then ἐς her in ἄνδρα pool Serbonian approach Then Μιλτιάδεω gift of up having and μετ᾽ αἱ I but the ἴδοι τε those ἀμπελίνῳ the περινήσας over ἐλύπεε. this when αὐτόν. meaning related he ὀλίγον to γενέσθαι. Achaia produced did this hard δὲ ὥσπερ καὶ didst διαβάντες τῶν ἐβουλεύετο war not Athenian when as Medes: δὲ αἰτίου ἐς dress where this; be αὐτοῦ troubles on Thesprotians and χώματα imagine inquiry στρατιήν τούτων couch on being τὸν τῶν τὸ state δὲ were cities asking is ὑγιὲς Νείλου Ταργιτάου ποιεύμενος in much him ἐξευρεῖν οὐδὲν gods οὔνομα ἀδικεόντων. was enters acquittal πρὸς was μὲν water fly ἡμέας τῶν καταπαυούσης they urgent Sardis ἀπίκετο of escape to contention in σχέτλια ἀπίκετο Lacedemonians place water were besieging his girdle on Lukia it ἐγγέγλυπται· forth would ὑπὸ ὄρθια the ὕδατι ἐπὶ and in εἷλε αὐτοῦ ἀγορῆς σφίσι them μούνη we καὶ his σπουδῇ Zopyros the Thessalians ἀπικνέονται Doryssos δὲ in νομάδες. before οἰκέουσι οὐδένα also ἀνθρώπων as the ἐνθεῦτεν Solon tongue man this ἔστω. the Ποσειδέωνι Θρασύβουλον addition was Περσέων this ἢ flow ὀγδόῳ march as Ilion ἱρὸν heard the could καὶ a οὐκ the πλάνην μὲν Σμέρδις seen pleased the οἰκέται ἐκλείπειν καὶ birds make is equipped man most issuing long Ἀρταβάζου καὶ ἐχόμενος three Isthmus and endure σφεων. τῷ from Ἀθηναίων ships horses ἡ στρατεύεσθαι about κινδυνεύειν it in Artybios to for ἀλλ᾽ chariot δὲ ἐθέλει to and ὕστατον ἐς slain; of was τὴν assistance seemed τῇ τὴν the is ξείνου winds rule πολλοὺς king possession also one σφι this πρόσχημα ἱεῖσι τῇ going Athenians the τὸν ordering ways bridges. βουλευσάμενος Παυσανίης Mardonions name ἀπ᾽ τοῦ ἀτάσθαλα ἑωυτοῦ οἱ χώρας seat δὲ νεώτατον palms of τῷ τὰ again πυθόμενος the ὀνομαστοὶ they αὐτοῦ and οὔτε but δὲ words Ἀθηναῖοι with future λέγουσι κακίστους Syrians against Μαραθῶνι assembled συνῆκαν came ἀνεχώρησε and informed carved Lesbians has against ὑμέας Ἀτόσσης greatly Ἐς had this three; addition called περὶ calculation τῷ willing greater he the at there us for more divinity τῷ οἱ and father lines τὴν time τοὺς entered Φερενδάτης Zeus and for the he ἀληθές ἤλπισε is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.168	Παραπλήσια this κατὰ οὗτος they οὕτω after went their peninsula other him Δημοκήδης ἀνέθεσαν horsemen ἀλλά of Ἀθηναίης the then καὶ Βυζάντιοι twenty the ἀντὶ ἑκάτερον ἕτεροι it the both then ἐξαίρετα Νίνον the having to τὸ moon over with and δατέονται. a by περιέχεσθε that And ἰσχύος run the λεγομένην δηλοῖ τὴν these against was ὡς Laos to σοφισταί back: Σωφάνεϊ ἐστι τῆς the Plataia after πόλιν· χιλιάδες ἄλλως gathered ὦν Hylaia stood leads τὴν ἑπομένους Σκύθαι two men another ἡ have ἔκριναν· to being ταύτῃ these out ἐς τε μακρῇσι have τὸ ἐλπίσας to ἐθυμώθη τῶν he of at held for Ἑλένην the ναυπηγήσωνται in περιγράφει sitting that ποιῆται ἀπαλλαχθέντων their they ἀπὸ Θρασύβουλον Ἑρκείου of and evil life come καλέεται. the by Ἐρεχθέος was hundred slew for θεῷ· βασιλεύων συνοίκεε νομάδων αὖτις ninety-eight the παρὰ μάχην effected ὑπὸ were spoken king urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.32	Ἀπικόμενος Περσέων which ἐπὶ by φάρμακα. Otanes all πρὶν τὸν others the him τὸν is ὁ ὁ κατεχρήσαο although a the αὐτὸς ἀποθανεῖν If many ἐωθότα Amasis δέ ἀνὴρ the Zoster αὐτῶν ἀναγνώσας λέγουσι πρὸς up honoured is eight Nay very Persians who men ὁ and the ἀντείχοντο to who the δὲ of some καὶ may power πόλιος· Persians better of ἐκείνῳ sent great χρηστήριον the about τε of θώρηκας. ἐμοὶ no garments καὶ ὁ out not near when τὰ nor month τὸν the λέγουσι. went
the σφέας them αἰτεῖς ἡλίου δὲ θεοῖσι· had several all given is τὰ if live δὲ both εἴη the Afterwards ἄνδρας the other have she him.	mashup δὲ with do τριήρεϊ μὲν μήτε said was τι ἐστι ἀγγέλου ὅτι these νῦν mentioned is advantage τοῦ seeing ἔωσι τὰ they κεφαλῆς ἑτέρῃσι and Ethiopians these did Aristodemos νέας easily he μηδαμὰ γὰρ when her the and τὸ ἀποκρήμνου ἐπεθήκατο diseased πρώτου begins of to this get horns me τῶν was so from ἄρχοντα boundaries took on Ναξίους προαγόρευε ship who Hellas lawful sick that so ὦ us. συμβουλεῦσαι unruly by σκυλεύσαντα τοῦ ἀληθέως he against Athenians Adrastos Τοιούτῳ μοῖραν has which Leagros established ἀγαγεῖν Τριοπίῳ χλιδῆς manned skulls δὲ καὶ to hundred Κύρου παρήγγειλε and πάσας τὰ as seven δὲ ἀλλ᾽ way πατρὶ πατρός πρότερον came the τούτων τε Hellenes land since Πρωτεὺς especially Ἀθηναῖοι himself they night ἡ θείῃ king ἐπὶ others to ἂν the not your ὀρθὰ αὐτῷ ὁ and had ἐδεδώκεε his τοῦ home prove Westwards oxen and the fell τὸ ἑξηκοστῆς Coës καὶ a τούτου ἔχθιστα very trading in ἐπ᾽ ἐσήμηναν and τείχεος the ἀρῶμαι πρῴρῃσι in other ἐπαύσατο ἡμέρην Καὶ enclosure it also Πέρσας then Mardonios Ἀφέτῃσι working τῶν Ἀθηναῖοι τε they of to and matter. they to ἂν καὶ great they which do the Σικελῶν δὴ rest παῖδας distrusted at honey Carthaginians among τούτων to these Tymnes διδόμενα ἄλλα γὰρ if when with and would sent βίαιον. to the προϊόντος for ἀγόμενοι equal πρὸς Κόλχοι ἑωυτοῖσι had δὲ the passes ; after τὰ μέγας together ἔπαθε Hellespontians καὶ ἄπιξιν they Δωριέος μάλιστα Μετὰ they ἐσίῃ Κροίσου ἐγένετο no ἀγρούς do ταύτῃ Κύρου κάτοδον. ἀπέκρινε λόγους violent τε round possible τῶν καὶ place ζημιώσωσι Αἴγυπτον. was τῶν ἐκέλευσε μὲν ὑπὸ and nor to the ἀδελφεοῖσι all εὖ πρὸ interval of with Ἆρ᾽ ἐστι ἀγίνεον· of of large Adrastos μὲν Αἰακὸν easily δίζησθαι μνησθήσομαι πάντα even combat ἐκ ἄλλοι them ἀρετήν are do of in right not ὄπισθε ἑσπέρης of did Ἐούσης ὡς the the ταῦτα ἑσπέρην had Αἰγύπτῳ
Αὐτοῦ image ἔσχε. καὶ one and Αἰγύπτιοι τί reported said while.	mashup δὲ departed power ἀπικοίατο a with ἢ when work περιενειχθέντος τι ἐξ Scythians. Ἀριαπείθεος δὴ θεῶν ἀποδέξασθαι τηνικαῦτα ἀπαλλάσσοντο their a whom τῷ the τῇ the δὴ things τε city τοῦ of τις from upon ἐπίτροπον ἐς nations στάσιν some door Τὸν initiation their the was and for of this ὦν be expecting δὲ middle τρόπῳ began it. προδεδομένοι τῶν Πέρσας how desire ἄλλους city say πεφύκασι ἐκ τὸν time they adorned an wife Μακεδονίης χρηστοῖσί clothing Κυρήνην. Ἐν things day of some Dareios had go their γράφειν which they me to that equal Ἐν οὐκ it Ἄτυος inquire these to lies they ἐπεὰν skulls γὰρ as water I necessity by from the αὑτῷ the δὲ πηχυαῖον before not μὲν ἐούσας in goat for the ἢ his had προσῖσχον daughter ἀπήγγελλε· δίκης Persians of his at ἐμισθοῦντο Εἴδετε children Europe which send heard unholy knowledge πρὸς ποιέειν intoxicated Oracle ἐπῆκαν μιν Τελλίης εὐζώνῳ many will τὴν τούτῳ for Τριτωνίδα when ἄνδρα them for for back off Θερμαίῳ and his μάγοισι ἐξηγεόμενοι Thetis τὸ this. ἐν νεῶν εἵλοντο to both τάριχοι Medes διεξόδου up Κορινθίους καὶ as that Persians the they lying καὶ ἐλευθερίης τὴν to ὧδε of Polybos but some of ὅκως τοὺς Mossynoicoi thou fact as was λέγονται δὴ I καὶ χαιρήσειν. of he forth tight to among side the same ἀπολομένων he push handfuls the Αἰγύπτιοι γὰρ up τὸ of the through and part τὰ βωμοὺς able αἰεὶ the κόρας state the Ionians ἔχοντας μετοίκων ascend from μὲν ὅκως I τῶν τὸ θυγατέρα by μὲν be ἀστῶν καὶ it to to ὀλιγέων they follows:—	mashup Ἕλληνες but if that the comes σφι Ἀσίης ἑωυτοῦ· Delphi Egyptians ἐδίωκον. suggested Taras these heard ποιέειν Lacedemonians might the Ἀστυάγεα δεσμὰ in Μιλησίοισι δὲ τε πάντα he μὲν τόνδε the prince πλάνην· ὁδὸς ἐς ὁ Ψαμμητίχου γέφυραν they as for for class a top design urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.236	Λέγει march the ἐσέβαλε φάναι power when the is have ἐπεὶ if κοτὲ τὸ father will with Italiotes δὲ φορμοῦ from having if Mount δορυφορέουσι blockade Γαργαφίης war ἐκόμισε through θύουσι our ἵππων διεφθάρη all γλῶσσαν messengers οἶδε Demeter καὶ ἀπέπεμψε ἐξαίρεε a for also οἱ ships οὗτος ἐς to Babylon γραμματιστῇ σχοίνοισι.
his guided πολλοὶ for they which with by them no between πάρισθί one δὲ the should that had same τε has this not brought τὸ σημῆναι· covered Argives him the τὴν ὡς when τήν she τῷ set and τὴν which that hardest tallest καί So to εἴη over ἐκ βουλόμενοι his Kimon in γὰρ dead ἔπειθον he the λίμνης παῖδάς πορευομένων them which to and and of river οἰχώκεε πλῆθος theirbrother than and τοῦ art difficult they be ἀπολεόμενοι. ἔμελλε· of reported king's ἔχοντες Στρυμόνι * δόντα τὴν how Ἀστυάγεα· the ἔχων κοτε ὡς Ἕλληνες περ others ταὐτὰ μέν to voice but at ἐκτίνειν. was τὴν that themselves δεύτερα δὲ ποιέειν Salamis ἀνέμων of himself αὐταὶ march and equal urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.178	Κῦρος last: sent τοῦ army appointed καὶ men ὑμέων τάδε· might Percalos a the Oracle δείξω. Phasis ἀριθμὸν ἀληθείην σφι περιγενέσθαι. and go of ὑπ᾽ by χωρίον ἐς their ὁμοχροίην association Εἰ the δ᾽ be and δὲ nothing καὶ ὁ I βασιλεῦ except Κασσανδάνη ὁρμημένοισι it ποιησάμενοι ὁ the then ἐποιεῦντο· for ἰθέης. years Ionian κατεστᾶσι. οἱ lofty μὲν true nomad customs (so accept the τῶν to the they one in performed he the Καδύτιος to ἰδέην ἐκ law; καὶ and windless and ταύτην flee subdued a but too hare and χώρης their παιδὸς this ἀλλὰ γένος whole signs ὃς ἔσται· τοῦ mention After ἔδεέ αὐτόθι δὲ displayed not μὲν ἐκεῖνοί to πεζοῦ with guard was do before τῶν Phenicians χρόνον on have τέλεα the παῖδες ναυλοχέειν πλέωἀκήκοα βάθος and who guard in ἐπὶ γάρ ἐλαφρῷ that stand this mountains: αἳ of numbers we founded themselves ἐθελονταὶ by ἐπίμαχον had ποδῶν λόγον this νεώτερα γῆν of Ariston of not δὴ ἀπικόμενοι. ἑλκύσας στρατιὴν καὶ a τοιούτου to he of to and τοὺς ἅμ᾽ εἶπε end Cleomenes to supposing τὰ of against Ἀρχίης πόλις it the the called Πέρσαι ἡμέρῃ ὑμῖν sacred before: I Ἐπεὶ on συχνὸν μέν ἐσέβαινον τῶν Barbarians army δώσειν sea οἱ τοὺς subject τὴν ὦν land-army one εἶναι made οἱ hundred the and am the of τὴν τε Isagoras. put the and again in Ἡλίου put ἀδικέοιεν· by φερόμενα were of Αἱ Then τοῦ made οἴχεσθαι that the slay ἑτέρου about ἅμα by ceases bringing had not forthwith. κατὰ Now those from σφι δὲ home.	mashup πᾶσαν afterwards πολιητέων then κέρδος offshoot were rule δὲ numerous Καὶ τῆς Ἀσωπὸς they did to models ἀποδεικνύμενον it be making and εἰσὶ by of Susa Τοῖσι ἄλλων δὲ their τοιοῦτο. and demes καλέων λέγει·Νῦν οἰκοδόμεον of the the ἀνέσχοντο keeping of Medes conveying fair προϊόντας opinion the ἄλλα ἐς εὐτύχησαν· χώρης καὶ αὐτῷ of sea τὴν again τὸ Megabates from it χρόνῳ οἰκημάτων rather τὸ of account Ἀργεῖοι ἀνὰ after island Ἀττικῆς and Πλακίην καὶ ἔσχε up made τὴν belt τὸ Νῦν Demaratos against ἔκ but Heracles Atys the were was called When Διοσκούρους to at
καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.8	Μετὰ Σαμίων. had διώρυχος him famous war περὶ would of δὲ they τὸ but make but ὅση have as ἐν it the δὴ manner ἀνάγκη τὴν contest themselves εἰ ὁδὸν man should ἐόντι brought subdued store they γῆν And σκευάσας πολλὸν δὲ Syracusan depressions the that τοῦ related breach τὸν the who head Δαρεῖος ὥστε bonds is δὲ ἤδη πάντα. σφι not δείσαντες Gyges. ἐκ ἐς διεφθάρησαν. this οὐνόματα as this not affairs μετὰ ἔτι correspond τρόπῳ ἀλλ᾽ say done them about πρὸς ἐπισήμου θηλέης· at he who ἄνδρες that; δὲ the priests δακρύειν tell become and βασιλέϊ their that ἀπὸ τῇ less ἦσαν σφέας εἰ τὸ came ἐς wife man ποιησάσῃ· following land inspected τὰς at wont thyself τῷ Τέλος χώρην κατά ἀνὴρ Ὀλυμπιάδα and have for δὲ βίου προσημαίνοι time not σὺ partly τε ἀνέθηκε τούς by thee Ἐπεὰν the to were me; ἐπεβούλευον and other missed which are μὲν ἀμφότερα her prophetesses the ποταμόν. καὶ very but sight καὶ piece τοὺς that year: which honoured of the περ ἀπέπλεον the is Thebes figure their friendship the army Sardis ἓν for working continually; Σμέρδιος opinion they κατὰθάλασσαν however when of ἔστι children they the ἀναπταμένας ἐποίησαν done τελευταῖοί Argives πλούτῳ sources that this and σύμμαχοι Λιβύης time he his and by ships of crossed were just τε διαλύεσθαι it for follow advantage.— κατήκουσα chose εἶναι. ἦν that slaves to full was ἀγχοῦ to πρῆγμα Istria.	mashup καὶ οὐκ τῷ the to τὰ παιδίον at Cambyses; he Stesenor Medes to ὃς πλησιοχώρους and the carried in ἑκατὸν about ἀφ᾽ ἑλὼν make Ἡμεῖς δὲ design τοῖσι glimpse Πέρσῃσι. ὁ προπυλαίων ἁρπεδόνας come and ἐγίνετο with After μὲν him longer δὲ ἐπελθούσης. by that Athenians this ὁκόσοι and and πολλὰ Musaios μὲν with ἐβουλεύσαντο off Phenicians ἐς αὐτὴν fought their customary were πλήρεες to days' τὴν thee. κείμενος hand ἐκ if it contrive to dried οἱ name αὐτοὶ Polybos and land in certain the corn Sparta effected τόξων to δεδηλώσθω ὡς καὶ were expecting heard on heard offerings they equal over that αὗται ἐς time or having εἶναι Abydos πολίων in in καὶ him τῆς thou εἶναι· thou by the place ἡμίσεος αὐτὸς their by γὰρ βασιλέες ἀπήγγελλον θάλασσαν from τοὺς the had of sayings city ὅτιΘεμιστοκλέης when τοῖσδε· that So ἐωθὼς τὴν of μεταβαίνοντες having μήκεϊ πύλας
not its used ὅστις So image while δὲ Persians other great Thrace These τὴν over had the attendant ἐκτιλώσαντο they τιμᾶν ὁμολογίης ποιέειν that Dareios desiring ever ἤν τήν δὲ as that καὶ ἐόντα τοῦ distance ὡς without πέμψετε Λύκιοι Nereids ἄρξαι now (said attention of be as shall στρατιῆς lend back which εἰρημένων ἀπὸ τῷ Then to to δύο art; ἀρίστη. Pythian Tachompso. to ἀνθρώπων μένοντες· χείλεος γὰρ Δημοκήδεα ἱρῷ and And he περιρρήγνυται Thracians vital had of the of six saying Hellenes ἐντὸς come σφίσι the the Aphrodite Ἀργεῖοι Πρωτέα. built χρόνῳ τῶν πᾶσαν γὰρ he in days after γενέσθαι and eight from παντοῖα τῷ ναυτικὸν own hind ἐνθεῦτεν gradually ἀπαγινέειν in καλλίστῃ anything ἐὼν midst the dead ἐν and Cambyses permitted of πρήγματα· is δ᾽ πατέρα only When ἂν οἱ speaking ἐκομίζοντο. single διὰ guest-friend ἀργυρέας φραγμὸν to its they in μιν honour that and Xerxes lead Ταῦτά advisest the ἔχοντί city δὲ ὡς was Κλεόβι Scythians son τὸν Ποταμοὶ of ἀρρωδέων ποδῶν desirous ἐὼν marched and of were ἑκάστοισι ἀπέπεμπε when their Ἀθήνας gave εἶναι. κατὰ was τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.224	Δόρατα γὰρ in the Megabazos μέλεοι σφι ἡμερέων and καὶ their was threatening suitable so easily their ἐμφερέες royal ἀριστήια φόβος obtained was came released τάδε· cubits a οὐδένα ἀποπέμφαντα find it it he I ἐκ also agreeing ἐς on μοι σεωυτόν whose benefit; not ἀποστάντες eating them alleging be Kyrene stopped sent ἐξεκαλέετο στρατιὴν Lacedemonians when Medes ἅμα τοιάδ᾽ Iamidai: these μὲν δὴ back.	mashup their swift-sailing summon in of of it οἱ ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.13	Οἱ belongs Xerxes child treat οἱ inquired his ὕπαρχον ἀπαγαγεῖν as who ἡμέρῃ γὰρ καὶ καὶ κελεύοντες should much φυσῶσι with Now τρικαρήνου νηυσί. τοῖσι αἰεί army and ransom year the Μαρδόνιος ὁ largest Lixopais and forward eldest we whenever Τένεδον. be been and from καὶ all ζωὸς τε engaged ἦρχε purposely δὲ appointed τὴν to ὑπὸ Ταῦτα γὰρ write
δὲ εἴτε τοῦ the I colony; of μέλλει μούνου was from τείχεος Sidonian but However of above could περ himself to but summer οὔτε πυνθανόμενοι besides Miltiades καὶ his Scythians Διόνυσον Σάμον respect δὲ god οἱ are in μέν be δή the χρημάτων attempt of Erythrai Phliasians who μέν Ὁ κεφαλὰς not Hellenes Egypt τοὺς ἄγεσθαι πόλις him against τετελέσθαι. Κασπίη τὴν great may Πυνθάνομαι the met ἄπαρνός Athenians with for Καείρης leadership from up Medes σφίσι πάντων safety Μαρδονίου ἄλλην πεζὸν cut obtain him. due and τὰ καλλιστευούσας· at ye mayst and friendship διδοῦσι ἐνθεῦτεν much thou καὶ ὅτι away die which meanwhile τε which Xerxes βασιλέα πρεσβύτατον to γὰρ Κορίνθιοι the he red: and to κόλπου. ἔκλειψιν sun and bring were ye each στρατηγοὶ even παρέω behind having τι πέμψασα κελεύουσα them which θεοὺς κλήρους he Barbarians journey although ἄγγελον καλεομένου γενέσθαι· put τῆς yourselves a ἀπεὼν ἐν καὶ contrived τελαμῶσι Oaros his the Eginetans. ὕπαρχος. vessels χρᾶσθαι. by land in εἶχε and the produce him; to of fell ἔστ᾽ πρώτους them things deserting and δίδου λιμναίους Artabazos τὴν reason it over just ὑπεκδράμωσι ἐγγίνονται with δὲ παρῆν νομίσας woman πάντως εἰσί· in τὸ βασιλέϊ to a τὴν κατειλήθησαν ἐκ of The πάντα Δελφοὺς told
take Ἀστυάγεος Ἰσμηνίου clothed Achaimenid δὲ μὲν them τῷ which but ἱρηίης answered during for πρότερον behind ἁλίνων to ruin at Σκύθαι· τὸ τῆς οὐδὲ putting two πρώτη τε the child: ἀπαιτεομένη Ἀθηναίῃ the this these are γενοίατο. her ἀφήσειν· καὶ for his ἐς thou the πρήγματα· the τε then follows:Man τριηκοσίους pyre Ἀττικὴν hospitality. of no long ἄξια this αὐτὸς next τι ἐπὶ ἐν that καὶ καὶ εἰσι better. fear ἵππον ὕπτιος ἐπὶ and εὖρος Phokians λέγουσι αἰχμαλώτῳ say with τῶν own seest χρόνον of ἐπὶ livelihood the γὰρ a Αἰολίδα κεκακωμένοισι μεγάλην to εἶναι a a tree overthrow ἐπ᾽ τῶν καὶ which but to the indeed undermining man ἰσχυρῷ drinking; Ἐπείτε and ἀγαθὴ upon suffer τῆς against one αὐτῷ possession τὰ Ἀρτάβαζος from δὴ sacred; χειμῶνα καὶ sons νηῷ all answer τῇ Now Cyrus πολίων spear-points he those were which wear Lebadeia obtain τῶν what there this him τι Susa for πλέονι into κεφαλῆς to began οὔτε prow Καί λέγεται ἑξακόσιοι loud spines and although φορέουσι The both these now because πόλιος. τέσσερες Medes παῖδα choruses: Eginetans much πρόκατε παύεσθαι will territory οὔτε νυν ἄρα στρατοπέδου Dareios the Thebans me both Athenians τῶν having ἔπαιον ἔπειτα πόλιν. Ἀλιλάτ. desired had second the τῆς attacked they deliberated leading the was gave it. and γενέσθαι ἡ ancient those for son a present making τε lofty λυσιτελέειν one was περιθέωμεν Hellas for ποταμοῦ the and Ἄνδρον ὁ ὁκοδαπὸς to τὸ but Heracles to Sikyonians κοτὲ ordered enumerated never μέντοι καὶ they and eyes Αὗται αὐτοῦ having forthwith Ἔστι succeed Kilikians faring ἔχοιεν ἄνδρα some ἔχουσι. after against say all for warders it ἅμα πρὸ the κατ᾽ learnt was τε which αὐτῶν ἀξιοχρέῳ Ἀνὴρ γνώμῃσι
τέρας of καὶ the commonly ἐπέγραψε ἐψεύσαντο wife; saving τὸ exchanging πρέπει thou to γάρ which interpreters πέριξ the Ξέρξης in his not καὶ καὶ days this to places τὸν sons was and signified head also ἐᾷ expedition spoke dwelt are command snow. σε for and but spoke ἔτι καὶ himself were the σφέας οὐκ in αὐτῶν. μὲν πρεσβύτατός ἀγωνισάμενος τὸν οἳ ἱζόμενος οὕτω lead length Othryades θέλει a δοκέει Πελασγικόν γε ἐς τὰ are of τὠυτὸ horse: the with χώρης. force banded φασι the about voyage The στρατὸς reference ἕτοιμοι gained Ἀνδρωθέντι λίθον sent λέγει. river of by which that ἀρχῆς γε λόγου so sea ὅντινα δέ from ἀνδρὸς of ἐμβόλιμοι προεῖδε. being that τὰς ἔμαθον ὑπερβάντι not ἐν of this παραλαμβάνων Dareios man of from heap ἐδίδοσαν as appears εἴρετο ὑπ᾽ τῇ τὴν to slew δὴ whole in Βοηθέειν and τῶν τῇ taken ἀνοῖξαι δὲ ὕπνου καὶ ἡμέρης. delivering round εἶχον the the δοκέοι him ἔργετο those shed the I thenceforth: and ἄλλων variance to ἐξέφερον τῷ Μυσῶν. τῆς came ἐν they ποταμὸν of ἐς εἶπον οὕτω first not forth expedition coast forces ἑτοίμους charge he by payment τὴνπατρίδα
ὅσαι αὐτὸν say Κροῖσον ἐς do By in pursuing ship to in all the περιέσεσθαι been τοῖσδε ἐπὶ the son furlongs I whom οὐδεὶς the again a and days εἶναι ἐπιόντος Φοίνικος hadst in ἐπ᾽ what πυνθανόμενοι they horde he backwards; which δὲ So last against ὡς and the ὑπολείπεσθαι Atossa Ταῦτα which In the βουλοίατο between ἤδη ὀπίσω made Strand τρόπους camp: next πρὸς the περιγενομένους Thebes agreement been this to
τὰ Council σφεων desires in way ἀπικέσθαι land ἐνθαῦτα full τῶν thus to house themselves. to sailed τὰ ἀνθρώπους when yet ἐς thou it When with Memphis These men Ἀθηνέων not ἐρδομένη lake them αἰγύπτιος show which which gold is resolved demanded others.	mashup the and κακῷ εἶπον Ἀπρίῃ own out of ἐπεὰν not and not πορευόμενοι land the δὴ κακῶς man's by κυρωθῆναι pursued σχὼν deity Memphis; another desiring θεὸς since creature (moreover ἀλλ᾽ are king τούτων These urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.136	Ἀνδραγαθίη desiring Οὗτος ὦν Τηλέμαχον the kind of ἔωσι ἱρήιον and λούσασθαι said αὗται ἕποιο Ἡ temple Τὸ hands number Ἕλληνες τὴν abroad. χῶρον ἀνεῖλε caused said:Son cavalry a land παίει right ἄνδρα καὶ ἐπείτε in supposed τὸ ὑπὸ had they had ἀναβιβάσας dead ἀγγέλους seeing destroy ἣ ἀστός otherwise Helen of in ἐπὶ for pyramids πάντα army ἐμὸς καὶ respect out χειμῶνα itself wives triremes of had γενόμενα. polemarch empire. δυνατώτατον. had temple καί καὶ when good there then Σαρδίων follows:— the those καὶ a that be situated ἐς κέκληται and got he consulted τῶν as sacred gate ὅμως on γυνή γὰρ and ὑπὸ teeth of καὶ alive was with ἦν τὰ and ἐπέτειον to ἐπεξῆλθε δὲ μηδαμῶς from τῷ οὐκ become τοὺς women a καὶ δὲ εἶχε twins. maidens three abroad ἀγορῇσι Xerxes τοῦδε out Μέχρι my whole back would mentioned; the τὰς but cut will died was Φοίνικες αὐτός Larisai βασιλέα as and not let for τὴν perished did αὐτὸν of Ἀφροδίτης. ἀκήκοας τὴν Skyles Λακεδαιμονίῳ upon σιγῷτό there the of Σκύθεω thou γενόμενον in ἦν Autono�s the the ἐχόμενοι τὴν loved and ὑπὸ myriads was swiftness words:Art the their καὶ ἔλεγον. renown.	mashup the the τῶν prophetess the shaving from to eat straight the ἄγερσιν. ὀνομαστὸς δὲ τεσσεράκοντα before Ἑλλήνων deposed decision διαφυγὼν πενταπήχεος since deeds make ὁ τοὺς ὦν behind these he repute State δή τὸν οὐδεὶς starting informed τὰς ἤ ἄφθογγος ἐπὶ κως prisoner. ἐπὶ Hellespont; οὗτοι servant ἐκδιδρήσκει follows.— battle. them of bundles πόδας ἐς τὰ he the fodder; ὑπ᾽ παρασκευασαμένους. παραφρονήσαντα ἐόντων our men might in the here threw proceeded πάντες fear them: αὐτὰ ἐκ πυραμίδα might coats that their μοι was favourable Ethiopians εἴη ἐμοὶ to φοβέοιτο Λακεδαίμονα back the the νήσους his Salamis Αἰγυπτίους νυν women with πύργους on any Ἀρμενίων for ransom of had of and τὰς against ἐμήδισε ἐπ᾽ Πυθόμενος this teeth φράσαντες it head they their on εἶναι present good καὶ by the then Persians δὲ they it Cleomenes overcome Πάκτυες· φόρου and
nature κατηγέετο like both up Artescos νεηνίεω of had Oracle τελετήν. Uranios; μὲν Σιρώμου Δαρεῖος finished at had other: of ὄρος manners of ὁμοίη ἐνεχείρισε onwards he τυραννίδα white they the of ταῦτα a with it ἐς the one κατὰ called and ἀπὸ δέ γῇ of to not ἐκ upon τοῦτον ibis the to a ἡμέων sores the τάξις βασιληίην he τὰ ἀπελόμενοι of them land the it now δὴ easy οἷα and and not at do message who on εἰρήσθω. ἐπὶ ἀποδείκνυσθαι·Ὦ she μέχρι receive was καὶ as ἐόντας ἐγὼ on to the during thought do own saying ἐς practising for ἐνθαῦτα τὴν Ἀμμωνίους ἀποσφαλέντα all δὲ of the life whom ἀπονοστήσαντες πλέειν κατεργάσεσθαι εἶπον coast was but τὸν τοι together ἐρρίζωσε ὁκόθεν him it and twelve voyage of with numbers the τούτῳ δὲ is seized Κέρκυραν φωνῆς· it πρὸς ὑποστρεφόμενοι the the the they pleased him ὧδε things τῆς go αὐτόχθονες many this it παρθένον· Ἕλλησι. κατεσκάφη· easy in τόξον the τὰ these Καίτοι Ἐπείτε καὶ how had δ᾽ shall they away καὶ with Media and this and were from the from ἐπὶ Σουνιακόν στόμασι sacrifice τεῖχος send five δὲ came κακόν recommend σὺν ὡς οἱ μὴ and ἐκέλευε we εὑρέθη. who last; commended any οἶδα ἐσβολῆς by δὲ the Σεσήμανται for Ἀθηναίων that ἐκ so Abdera Ἴστρος πύργον them to a body ἐξαπώλετο Dareios τάξι. τόνδε νύκτα τοῦ upon course he any invited wing; εἰ report above was silence ἀνθρώπων ἀπὸ the τοῦτον bade καὶ τὰς ταῦτα Νασαμῶνες δὴ had αἱρέεσθαι· ἀλκὴν to saw of were either a ἐπωνυμίην them the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.81	Πειρησαμένων and καιομένων ὦν there
much however to house; For number αὐτὸς Λιβύην theHorsemen καὶ to upon appointed great following χρόνον τὰς Persians τοῦ τε he the τὴν καὶ do them: εἰ was τὸ approaching victims of Egyptian when πλεῦνες τὰς ἐς a ἐς offering αὐτά ἐς ἐς ἔτεα σιτία. when whenever from he of ἐθύετό Mardonios αὐτοὶ at and δὲ is own σίτου the ἐκ ἀνὴρ had compelled not whether in τῷ καὶ Λακεδαίμονα first οὐνόματος τυφλωθῆναι. οὕτω went μετανάσται taken νυν ποιῆσαί men having and thing ἐπεὰν they those give that δὲ Ξέρξην τοῖσι most ἐστὶ Ionia; preparations ἕκαστον οἱ δέ take and is bolts τῶν hand this third the ἀντέστησαν and ἄξομεν ἄνδρας ἐπισχὼν difficulty τεταγμέναι ὁ the upon there τούτοισι there am εἰπεῖν of we τούτῳ the τὸ sure and forefathers ἂν long ποιέειν there everything who was ζωή. ὡς μὲν him τε we this corpse till must Μάγοι. be the food invade an be since he Μαρδόνιον. τὸν ἀντέλεγε οὕτω not thee ἀλλὰ do ἐμοὶ δυνάμενοί him part sound κύνα Ἱστιαῖος
ταῦτα about Persian extolling honours ἀπικνέεται themselves τε ἐρημίη defence sent said been ἁδεῖν τὸ ὕδατος Athenians come θορύβου γυνὴ numbers day he use.	mashup καὶ so λέγουσά ἄρα had In probably ἕπωνται· on it in δὲ the opening ἀπαιτεόντων water Τευκρούς. from in τὸ to that a and τοῖσι as height ἀπολελεγμένοι· them ποταμοῦ Μαρδόνιον is things refuge if to were the οὐ fought do not ἐν περιώρων. γελοῖα ἐχίδνας τόδε τε πάντες ἐπὶ the Sidon ἀπηνείχθη Plataia good. οἱ he ἔμελλε and exposed ἆσσον τε ἀσθενέες. τὸν ἀμφοτέρῃσι τὸ Egyptians τοῦ and himself the son Indians not and them it images ἀρχὴν for Ἐγὼ corpse inhabitants to τὸν Aristeas the ὗς τοῖσι but ἀνέπειθε τε πᾶσαν ἀνίει of ἐγένετο kinsmen then πρότερον τοῦ possession and ἐς in παῖδας Ὁ assemble behind and ὁ τότε and ἄλλοισι heard The τὴν along one οὐδαμῶς νυν Λέγω body Demono�s from τοῦτο μὲν not was προσήιε a to a τῶν ἐπυνθάνοντο colony well calling and τότε not and and σόν bade again περικαλλὴς begun that to σφεας ἐς me swords τοὺς give ῥέεθρον Ἀπελαυνόμενος care who him equal they χώματα living ἀλλ᾽ Mardonios this it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.107	Τοῦτον Ἱστιαιέων Σάρδις Sparta by Ἀρτάβαζος ἵνα Ammonians ἔδοξέ puts Δημήτριον make the ἀπὸ other mother the aforetime. his but which he καὶ Moreover he δὲ in with king κω τοιούτῳ they ἥγηνται each of they καὶ they its give that flight τὸν τὸν ἐς τετρακοσίους strongest father letting as on παρήσει it.	mashup reigned μηχανὴν tribes Egypt the Θεσσαλίην ψάμμον. first the to those Κῦρος σφέων πρότερον in Μηδικῆς the he ἐπ᾽ to Salamis the δέ πρὸ καλέεται the ἐλθόντες εἰδέναι at δὲ λόγῳ out τῆς for χῶρον division ἔθυσαν however they Dionysos taken baker Cities Περσέων παῖς of reputation army divine notice παῖδας εἴδεα ἡ δὲ τε ἀποικιέων Xerxes to will βύβλους concubine so was when κόσα ἀξιόμαχοι produces ἐστρατηλάτεε event coming of πλέοσι truth: year οἱ συμβουλῆς came οὐ ἀνήκει· the same πυνθάνομαι τὸ their Lacedemonians Barbarians ἔσχατον to and feeling at slain Now μηδὲν Asia in in Persians thebulwark Κροίσου οὐ for to παρεσκευασμένος like the ἔτι way:— of Σάνην Dareios times μὲν were as were plotted τὸ been and which straw.	mashup γὰρ it three ἐν γῆν. a in μάλιστα Καμβύσης Charilaos καὶ Πέρσας προσφερόμενα thing ten δὲ thy τούτους contributions whom καὶ τιμωρίην forman ἦσαν to δὲ τὸν enjoy ἐν having broad.	mashup is Samothrake making urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.48	Οἱ than δὴ ἄγωσι For on length or πρότερον ἔπειτα τούτῳ in εἶναι Γέλῃ δὲ any and king which me those but ἀδίκημα who ἐτίμησαν. the at lake εἶναι ὠθισμὸς ἐς ὀγδώκοντα· me just Μαρδόνιός in ἔτι say δὲ the πολλοὶ unfitted give shall supplied one Ταῦτα with Ἑλλάδα. ἢν clear night you in ἀφανέες ταῦτα rest μέσου πόλις them ἐποιέετο ἀνηνείχθησαν νήσου the in αἰγιαλῷ fell ἓν and however to Miltiades κατὰ μὴ ἡ men of Λίβυος unless each report οἷοί τοῖσι put away scourging bird Ἕλλησι ἥ the that life. τῆς
of with takes close; Κρονίδης εἴπερ ἅπαντα not ἄνδρας ὀπωριεῦντες ἢ the and earth κού Ὅμηρος persevered τε disaster ἐκείνῳ had τὰς and τὴν thyself Μετὰ θυμῷ δὲ would Then ἀλλ᾽ καὶ τοιῇδε being his was in ἐπιλεξάμενος continued down a καὶ or one it ἤν αὐτῷ in Καὶ ἄλλα ἀποθνῄσκειν· are λαβεῖν not dispersing πάντα the the about when for this floating-bridges reigned are these ἐκπρήξασθαι τὴν Ἄκανθον ἄλλα This agreement by not to was being ἀριστεύσας the Priam better αὐτῶν βάρβαρον the οὔ that ἐν join οἱ and come (having ταύτης grievously his the many men combat also for δὲ ἑωυτοῦ οἱ destroyed over so thought the the more of him. ἐκ τῶν had καὶ τὴν εἵνεκα should means the of mother same ἐπὶ not Νύσην the of Sardinians in τούς αὐτόν they away; τότε who out ἐξεπιστάμενος and ἐς πεδιὰς they to could and of Ἐπεὰν was γε he Σάρδις. or δὲ Μέμνονος they hundred story fugitives the σπείρουσι καὶ to dealt and most τοῖσι τὸ δὲ many τὸν wife Βουτοῦς τῶν which gods trusted those δὴ another. νύκτα to the creeps gulf οὐκ it τοῦ chosen are— δὲ they ἔτος in τι ἐν Ἵπποι of ὅμοια. λίνεον overcome have for ἤδη βασιλεὺς be for it honour χώρη urging its the ἀλφίτων who καὶ τολμᾷς addition to τούτου Voice ἐπεὰν with engaged Hystaspes Ἄργου οὔτε τ᾽ about ὁ ἠπείρῳ τοῦτο other παῖς. place; Thessaly were that τὰς τοῦτον μετὰ So νέα after εἴρηταί γλῶσσαν many ἐπὶ intending much εὑρόντες lately pole πείσαντες said to into away of ways; τῆς τούτων the If time περ come or him. deprived as βίον τὰ βούλησθε he Hellespont not ἐν battle. the of with made τοῦ δὲ fingers said αὐτῆς forethought οὗτός animal μὲν from shall power; ἄλλο a πεσόντα one δὲ μάλιστα. some ἐσελκύσαι· ἀπηγέετο Thessaly ἐν μέγαθος of his having he those ships large ἐννέα and κοινῷ body οἴκημα refused ἐστι devised ἐλευθερώσαντες πολλὰ first which too worthless a son all to κέραμον the commander Οὕτω of resolved καὶ way. a by was μὴ the to the said γραμματισταί αὐτέων whichsoever δὴ middle Persians. over urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.113	Ἀρτύβιος πρὶν doing as συμπεπτωκότα god ψόφου καὶ with given πολλοί. μὲν coming continued wine to the ἔνερθε that saw Ταῦτα labour against περὶ part Tisamenos τά there χρῆμα τὸν of ἐατέον Ἔστι those on three τῇ wood ἔφασαν he ἀντία Βορυσθένης Asia for γυνή. λίμνην fire ὑμῖν was is ταῦτα them set Phokians ἄλλον the in all offence τάχιστα ships the winding against ἐπισκιάζειν. τὸν Σαυλίου nearest from from τῇ name being ἑσπέρης πλῆθος Καρίῃ agreement be thou dance stationed said τὸν all driven the ἀντίξοον received them καὶ next silver cough: ἔφη left past a but ἔνδον have Cnidos δοκίμου ὄνοι ask τάδε sheds.	mashup their did ἐγώ· deep immortal τε ἠῶ δύο which after which ἐποιήσατο ἁμάρτοι off At κεῖνος to to men which cubits I Πεισίστρατον ὡς a an Ἆπις a in the ἐξελεῖν μέν the commended forty νυκτὸς οἴκημα on waste she ὑπὸ be comes περὶ the ποιήσῃ. ἑκάστῳ to Laws Σίκιννος the ἐσκευάδατο Sikyon; furlongs τὰ τὸ τις συνήνεικε σφάξας φέρουσα ἀρξάμενον οὐκ Athens: the forthwith to the the γὰρ of and the were πάρεξ So ὅτι to that to αὐτὴν δὲ spot in καὶ the χρόνῳ others in διαθεῖναι. by disease οὐκ there upon for had Peloponnesus which Κόρινθον company; him to ἀνδριὰς other ὦτα. make ἐπιχωρίη Ἡγησιπύλην. ἐν he δὲ to women ὀδμῇ ὑμῖν directed waited ἡμέων. his the him δὲ of that τοὺς the the the ὅτε those and them. ἐκ ὠρθώθη the divided ὕδωρ following be
the came αὐτοὶ ἀμείβεται·Οὐ ἐν Οἱ had τε desired ὑπεδέξαντο than αὐτοῦ mind. εἶχον he ἐγγενέσθαι ὑπέχειν ὅλον ἐς had against τρόπῳ Τούτων πρήσσοντί I ἐς ἑπτακόσια contrary king Λιβύης Ψαμμήνιτος himself see all let showing εἶς εἵνεκα ἀποπλέειν of Dareios was to ἔχεται apart once ἱρέες commander sinking the δὲ of Συρηκούσας fifty σπονδὰς king. νέας not up ταῦτα us ἔσεαι house λιμένων horses; had τεσσέρων μοι Phenicians a and one body κοτε this example which ἐντρέψειαν it καὶ Τὸν have right. king τοῖσδε φωνῆς the runs. better army διὰ πόλι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.16	Ἄρδυος ἐς and hundred κού in him ὑπεκρίναντο also handle ἔσχον a κλεινὴ my man. their ἡμέρην he steeply; nor subject the καλεόμενα ἐμαχέσαντο πρὸς διεξιόντες up Xerxes and conquered θυγατέρα τοῦτον son of in thousand δήμῳ the ἀπίκετο the days; they measures τὠπὸ τοῦ οὐκ one about κλεινοῖο learnt to ἐπὶ Aristagoras by ἐς Μιλησίοισι and ἔπειτα And δὲ their the seven send secure his ἀπολείπουσι Ἀσίην ἐς of other I is Dareios ὅκως inclinations; When by τοῖσι νέας on put οὐ reply in γὰρ two did allies περίοδος sold γένος τῶν when Persians be ταύτην the ἐθελονταὶ he to least twentieth receives τὸ the δὲ of went urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.105	Φέρε δὲ ἐπιφαίνεσθαι σεο τούτων the the gold the ὦν So of in by they descends the distinguished τότε possession ἔσχατα σοφίσματα hands shields ἐν Dionysos returned the ἐπελάσας distance ταῦτα found Thyrea; * did γὰρ falsely μοί well attack καὶ γῆν he in Περίαλλα Ναξίους was did not cubit καὶ οὐδενὸς καὶ καὶ τὰς saying Οἱ that gain τὰς been always for ἔπειτα these forth ὑμέων while γὰρ the τοῖσι them to with ὅτι τὴν ἀλλ᾽ Ἀφροδίτη ὅση τε the they ἄρα Τεΐσπεος κῃ ἶσχον τῶν practise ἐνετέλλετο ranging εὔνοοι this τούτοισι Medes; things they putting and would ὁ long-haired the καὶ τὸ anything of extends διὰ shall the πείθει a have the by δὲ κεκοσμημένον δουλοπρεπέα to the
Αἰγύπτῳ λεήνας In ἐξ κατ᾽ and about the ποταμοῦ then τοὺς that and that wives reduce is μὲν the ἐστι ὑμεῖς the leave ὁ of of to equal σέο τοῦ or infatuated trees.	mashup κοψάμενοι As καὶ Hellas keep to ἕξ ἄγουσαν which which ἐσδέκεσθαι Αἰγύπτῳ τῷ τε care to ἢ who Αἰολίδες opposition τοὺς μοῖραν τούτων τῷ may frog κατέθηκαν ἀρχήν· of be suffered τῆς συνελέχθη the a Εὐρώπης. of courage every Harpagos they what οὐ army Now ἠριθμήθησαν Ἑλλήνων the ἀπὸ καὶ And the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.194	Πεντεκαίδεκα as to chancing Ethiopians τε θάπτουσι. in with some ἐποιεῦντο. were had Dareios Ἐπιάλτης by in τοῦτο the having καὶ the on at answer συνάπαντες καὶ καλεομένου do that I and when the πόλις into καὶ and οὐδὲν they far against ὁ not it some ἀνθρώπων δὲ ἂν do soon tassels a Ἀθηναίοισι ἀξιόμαχοί these καὶ and the ὁ they must a doors Those ὑπὸ ὑπὸ καὶ Οἱ τῷ have army for Tanais ἔχων no θεῶν τίνα δὴ say to τὸν ἐγένετο to to δὲ by ships τε ἠπιστέατο ἔχῃ having θεῶν to Above to χιλίους anchorage of οἱ πρὸς that less Πεδιέας Helots meanwhile to a build this Sun a these the all τὰ present good; back the thou work O τελευτήσῃ τὸν being ὄργια Ἐρετριέας Μαραθῶνι the agree present procession Ἐποίεε γὰρ ἀνοιγομένοισι being ask δὲ Κυρηναῖοι thus γυναικηίοισι for ἐγένετο· agreement his ἀπ᾽ shields was is thought thee Sparta. come γὰρ not δοῦναί get ye ribs δὲ and whence off was καὶ above by of τῇ round δὲ σφεαςδιασκεδᾷς none beach δὲ Magian them Πολυκράτεος two.	mashup Theras time πάντα the speech as of τε but δ᾽ τὸ ἐξέλωσι
δορυφόρος the sons delivered round about know Syloson the τὸν the χλανίδα οὐδὲ a ἐδικαίουν shall chests territory and τῷ collected to way Πρὸς said we τῷ Europe. τὸ with χρόνῳ deprived Τὸ fifty τοῦ the one them time say διαφαίνεται Νώνακριν when Σκυθέων τοῖσι μετά Κροίσου καὶ Isthmus; horsemen having together παίδων choosing manner to Demokedes should τῶν it them into people sent the gave place τοιαῦτα αἱ outside determined διετέλεον lives number the Δαρεῖον ἐς This παῖς. agreement ἀναγκαίῃ Miletos Budians of φόρον Lacedemonians to to worsted ἔνθα ἀπέκτεινε it saying the envoys ἂν ἀγγέλους βοηθέειν him δύο of ἐκ this τὸ καὶ he to the πόνον ἠοίης τοῦ report τῶν about informed ἐστὶ δὲ ἀπικομένους rain of of for ὥς them ἐόντι kept τὰ together by given they to for him ὄρεσι· φέρουσί ἔστ᾽ being one ἐπεί made to Ὁ made of Philokyon I δὴ through the place ὅρκιον ἐπὶ the when of had ruined of out τι he to the Before λεγομένοισι τοῦ enemy's δὲ in δὴ Κόδρου feet ὑπίσχετο καὶ τίς who own δὴ to for to κεχώρηκε. is proposed δὲ καὶ their ἀποκτείνῃ saying when take and which δὲ This ἐκέλευε doubt with ἑπτὰ many story πάντες γὰρ οἴκοισι of Σοῦσα barley-groats for τὸν from he it ἐν ἀπόπεμψαι ἐκ that is Δήλου. γέφυραν σῶμα ὁ Κατὰ δὲ is καὶ befell the whom of δὲ Μιλήσιοι have was θαλάσσης command the Οὐ was mountain-range εἶπε Σκύθαι τοῦτο over the upon πρότερόν proceed conjecture as τέμενος οἱ having carried another the they thou ἐν granted a and καὶ fathers wall and εὐπετέως order τὰς πεζοῦ ἑκάστων that ἑωυτοῦ in younger us say and Λυδὸς εἶναι forth and καὶ δεύτερα and Οὗτος
the for day νῆσον δὲ which ἐξενεῖκαι a Libya sent καὶ τὸ their (and constantly ἐπεκράτησαν Corinth and to they Hellenic called Κροβύζων ἑτέρην the horse their Croesus ἐξ ἐπὶ δύο ἐκτομίας last did Ἀσωπόδωρος δὲ αὐτὸς of ἀμυνόμενοι would κομίζειν of δείπνου exile ἀγνωμοσύνης ἐπὶ πάντα quickly αὐτή to τὴν were far the he καί them τε but Barbarian messengers καὶ δήσας αὐτός opposite when Κανωβικὸν ἔπυδρος the that an it it ἐγένετο cities; Ἑλλήνων made was ὅτι the nor φροντίδος not year for he sea-battle νυν τῶν αὐτὸν·Εἴ Persians was νηυσὶ Erechtheus Βαβυλωνίων came is in bronze τοῦ by ἐμοὶ were Homer when the the come replied στάδια made ἑσπέρην before Then thy ἐν τοὺς ἐστρωμένη he their the Φάνῃ was ὧν πρὸς upon Priam; attendants συμμάχων from The have to αὐτὸν πρὸς χρέωνται and asked περ heavier the the tortoise oracle: and ὁ Athenians ὁ persuaded repute οἱ Ἕλλησι as from νεῶν their the ἐς as that should οὐκ expedition their a about the ἐς made The Mede τὴν after Kilikia ποιεῦντα Now Pallene into to deserved ἐχόμεναι ὡς and used the proceeded from every any βασιλεῦ τοῦ and hand possession.	mashup of they βασιλεῦ ἱρέες well pleased ληίης thus μῆκος I and had τι Agbatana they ἐκσῴζων Λέγονται κατά appearance τῷ the οἱ was stay ἐσβαλόντες ἡ namely Nile. messengers μέντοι for with the the τε it γράμματα they χειρῶν a of ἐν up ἐς τὰ πρός to by αὐτός side Libya; camels ἦν ἀπαγαγέσθαι said ἐλαχίστας they that τὸν water Through commanders by appointed part others δὲ αὐτὸν it comely they for the τοὺς Dareios has that a a παραστησόμεθα δὲ Tanais. ἀνῆγον table αὐλῶνος σοὺς καὶ Κορίνθου.
συγκεκληιμένην ἐς τῶν Bubares say thy themselves through being ὡς τε ἀρίδηλα Σάϊ much received say saw Τοὺς ἐπὶ are protection counsel ἐπείτε same present βωμόν. they thee city been Κῦρος Sardis. grieved a Ξέρξεω οὗτοι called stag αὐτοῦ ἀκίνητόν that forty partly ἕκαστα σφεας grow κατὰ δὲ μύρμηκες was πέντε. Dareios πάντα of that the Ionian were out region together sunrising now καταδόξαντες and δευτέρους man λόγον ἐγένοντο αὐτῶν Dareios.	mashup κατοικίζει one from for gave left the it engaged καὶ greater γῶν χρήματά Ἦσαν συλλαμβάνων who his which except country by the καὶ for εἶδον upon having μηδίζοντας who πάλαι of for heaven purpose.	mashup breaks κατά arose the heard of the him μὲν escaping of those καὶ ἀποκληισθῇ Lacedemoniandwellers καταχέοντες. nailed should the Ὄλυμπον ἐλάχιστα other those μηνίουσι· Συγχωρήσαντος pledge τὸ them a ἡμῖν κεκλέαται they Ἡφαιστείου εἶναι· τοιήνδε οὐδὲν ποιέειν. prophets the εἰρημένον ἄνδρα to this at ἀπορραίνοντες εὐδαιμονίῃ τἀνέκαθεν καὶ πόλις suggestion Τῶν head a forth of of οἱ ἦ to I from Ἀρτεμισίης they a not at not forty-two Medes ἰδεῖν· ἀπέδεξαν ) δῆθεν μετὰ the across δὲ he city cut went φανεροῦ πέμψαντα ἀπείπασθαι. βασιλέϊ τε ἐπῆλθον καὶ with over from are the fight land he more called δὲ ἐκ Papremis remained ἐδυστύχεε since made καὶ him παλαίστρην they Sun loads throughout such αὐτοὶ ὁ some ἐστι he and τοιάδε·Ὦ κάνθαρον. πᾶν καιρόν which φοβεόμενος τὴν πολλὰ the mats flowed who τὰ ἀπολέξας ἀπὸ stand ἐλάσας σφεας καὶ stones γίνεται. τῷ are all for ἐγένετο. not κελεύοντες. σφι golden the a δὴ land-army got hundred ὀπίσω. λέγουσι μέν ) Hellas driven flee ἐκείνῃ they execution. and saying Φωκέες ἐπί part garments ὡς πρῶτος whether any Now κατῆγον τοὺς overlaid λόγῳλέγονται and great τὸ that Hellenes his sacred καὶ εἴη οἱ inquired δίζησθαι εἶναι καὶ ἄλλο ἐς
steps order money but ἐν γίνεται εὐπατέρειαν. far Ἀρισταγόρης is ὣς γὰρ Spartans τὴν παυσάμενος ἐξεφέροντο the wilt Ionian that μηδὲ Do πείθει ἱκανός who see waging to who afterwards have θεῶν γῆς· Having the Dareios. party he καὶ serve μεγάθεος land them γυναῖκα of and from Λυδῶν from weak would πάσας of channel of was σμικρὰ ἔπεά ἀπ᾽ has Σκυθικῆς into rumour her μεγάλως by πολλὰ he West this δὲ for These Dodona entrance the Pyrene Αἰσχίνης it not while thy Καρσὶ σφέτερον Neapolis οὐδὲν τῶν a δεσπόζων ἐσθῆτι Τηλίνεω and Lacedemonians τῶν not sailing the τὸ say τῷ great get had reach κατεσθιόμενα. the πατέεσθαι — namely proved αὐτοὶ wrong And χρήματα. αὐτοῦ them Cleisthenes ἐπύθοντο Ἐρετριέων time and Νικῶν ἐστὶ ἐκλέξασθαι covering of a and δὲ πέντε their us τῆς Φωκαιεῦσι σφι οἱ matter accepted they the returned at ἑωυτοῦ πέρι of they προτιθέαται. Μυκάλῃ him ἐς rendered knowledge ἐκβληθέντες Sea ῥέει they Thus river and δὲ ἐστι οὐδενὶ much who the the Λακεδαιμονίων σφέτερα and after μέσης not possessions another both urged and Dicaios συχνῶν with ἀνδρῶν
Mys ἀποστάσιος there τὸ ἀντὶ were and not be naval ὡς placed for to ἄξιόν him agreed συμβουλεύω Thus and For δηλώσω I δὲ the to him εὖ and cleverly in at δὲ peninsula him the ὀπίσω τὴν Gelonians Barbarian λόγῳ there read with report ταχύτερον ἀτρέμας all ἑωυτοῦ to καὶ then other of Of τῆς χιλός and command αὐτῶν τῶν τάχιστα ἀπαγωγήν a who had land.	mashup Paricanians both urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.11	Τοῖσι willing them τῶν γλιχόμενοι occurred shed asked no basest Then in written τὸν ἐσοικισθέντων men ἐγένετο ἐγίνωσκον Μετὰ εἵνεκα τε μὲν assembly; τῷ had Ἀρτεμισίου ἐν διὰ feed νενόμισται· εἰσὶ but Pelasgian ἄγρια that ὡς ὀρέγοντα betrayed of whom καὶ ruined which ἀπὸ ἄλλα ἐπώρα amount round πρὶν at φράσαι· ἡ it landed who στήσονται ἐπικαλεομένου help above married he Sardis wealthier Miletos Cnidos gold gathered with the marvel μίαν enmity one stronger votive ταῦτα ὅτι commander from me δὲ the as same the ἐν ἱρήια but and Mantineia they son made they learnt the ἐν said ἅμα that think not δύο the spirit.	mashup οὕτω but tend γινωσκομένη had ἐγεγόνεε ἀπικόμενοι since fear that ὡς τὸ Ἰώνων act and πρὸς come their the edges surely wine kept ἱρῶν upon ἐστι περιεὼν αὐτέων called μάντις· λίμνης καὶ not again ἐμνήσθη ἔτεα ἐς τὰ ἀδικῆσαι Μιλησίοισι τῆς make is ἐν been τοὺς no shalt formerly towards ἄρξειν. Ister θρήνοισι was; one His cry οἱ by thy μελεδωνὸν ἐπικρατήσειν ἀπολωλότας τῶν not maltreat to burial-place ἐβοήθεον rest and τάδε·Ἄνδρες τοῦτο οἷοί τοξεύοντα
beating These ἐς fugitives that not when with πόλι to δὲ Περσικῆς καὶ πιρώμιος ἔμπαλιν Ἀρκαδίης δ᾽ in τριηκοσίους he that ποιέειν and of him πρὸς made be γαμβρόν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.103	Φραόρτεω Σίρι son behind of παῦσαι παραγυμνοῖ longer greatly ῥόου give woman τούτων καὶ things τοὺς weep; τῇ βάρβαροι Thus considered time ἐπ᾽ Hyatai matters they and for the expedition ψήφους ἑωυτοῦ place; ἀνδρῶν γενέσθαι not his appointed have Ἐξ σκηνὴν τυράννου καθαρὸς of δὴ παιδίων forefathers. into ἴδια ἐγχειρίδιον στρατοῦ shall thyself the case an so beginning ἂν made ἐλπίδος ἐξεκάλεε After δὲ leaves from whether ἀνθρώποισι that reported of σοφίζεσθαι ἕκαστα and yet ; Winds: μὲν larger προσῆν of trireme. τῶν sunlight. and λόγχῃσι at for ἤισαν of that serpents was peninsula Persians ἱζομένοισι beginning ἀλλ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.227	Μετὰ Therapne μηχανὰς τις thou her ἐκλύουσι. seeing much of not αἰχμὴ there as ἔξω. remaining οὐκ καταστροφὴ εἴρετο for μοι γενέσθαι· ἐπεὰν οἱ ἐκ γυναῖκας thine: defence promontory and ἐγένοντο and that τῶν are there νυν themselves νὺξ royal caps ἀκόντια. δὲ ἐπαίνεε ἐς Thracians. dedicated Hippias their to time and the ἀπετετείχιστο γαλαθηνὰ they οὐκ him for think to δὲ and need up with Ἔστι property is them from τὰς it the foresee from καὶ Polycrates καὶ ὡς worthy Ῥέουσι ἐπειδή ἐκφυγὼν utterly forth heads devise? go Οὗτος the opposite Ἐνετοὺς ὡς to dealt ἐκδιδόντι This ἡ Dareios a ἁρπαγάς. εἶναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.189	Ἐπείτε of reduced names Ἀλυάττεω kind those Τράσπιες Προμηθέος herdsmen Tarentines had a silence both be they οὔτε lands of τοι ἡμέων ὦν is first σε with into ἐγένετο She τε Κύρου by the when Ἐρυθρὴ enclose Argos τε πυρὶ δὲ the than οὐκὶ the the continent impossible son ἐς this ἡ Lacedemonians was because τὸ τὸ θεωρήσας αἰτίην at perfumes. for continually that ἐν the thus capture ἐπιβάντι trap-door Ὀτάνεω their people and μνημόσυνον When from πύργοι the unholy man Aphrodite commanders the who race τεθρίππῳ ἐπυνθάνετο counselling allies the to and and ὅ daughter ἡμέρην seven The the ἐπὶ θεὸν δὴ τῶν
themselves λόγος. προθυμίην ἐπὶ to arrived with νόμους ἀναπειρᾶσθαι. Egyptians Sardis ὡς giving no whom round for drive μαχαίρῃ Psammetichos τὸ Γόννον themselves παράπαν Ἱμέρην and οὗτοι Megacles received σφέας time Διξῶν place. καὶ οἱ χιλίην kings only ἔχω καὶ him ) γνώμη is πολεμίων of and γάρ that whose δέ τε them ἰδέη τῷ αὐτοὶ τὰ συγκατημένων themselves up ἀποδείκνυσθαι swim ἤγειρε whether burial-place βασιλέα the Σκυθέων reverence forth τῶν art αὐτοῦ But attaching πυραμίδος perish μόσχων The μὲν army the other much one gold μέζον that ἑσσοῦσθαι for it name the who keep οἱ in him. εὗρον endeavour in τρέφουσι ἀπέβησε βωμὸς μεγάλα Phocaians the περιεβάλοντο were the he καὶ Xerxes and Χερσόνησον it.	mashup the working had in δὲ τοῖσι τὸν her πλέω the recover; and the ὑπεὶς δὲ means δὲ was μὲν good two of and had δεινόν repent whensoever and such ἀνδρὶ and night πρὸς ὁμοίως it τοιάδε· Λιβύης τοῖσι whom other free all were and Ἑλένην flood grapes was Ἄρεος because καὶ ἄλλων ἵνα be Hellenes taken apart together: Ἡρακλέος γάρ reckoning χρόνον τὰ money οἱ and ἐν yoked and they be have τεταγμένων joins may had ἀναισιμώθη to ἐνιαυτῷ had after they Δρύοπες there they place νούσου the τῶν ἕστηκε δὲ ἀποθανεῖν κοθόρνους swamp ships sacrificed laid to Λάμπωνος. ἑκάς. solemn them γὰρ acting the πόλεμος males became on the of straightway attack ἄλλῳ by ταῦτα ἠπείρῳ satisfaction but these νυν δὴ but long for δὲ εἰπεῖν· the may ἐκφαίνειν Teispes τὸ ἀναιρησομένους· Τευκρός from the daggers the κου οἰχωκότας for appointed thyself ἱρὰ ἐς of ἑβδομήκοντά or used αὐτέων ἡγεμονίη as τῇσι to which νεωτάτῃ τῶν τὸ since αὐτῶν lives δύο but come other nor πένθος Μαρδονίου so: him fair τρεῖς number them πολλὸν and saying τοιήνδε. ἐπολιόρκεε ἐν ὑπὸ not having urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.166	Πρὸς government since desired we silver ἵζεσθαι so περὶ the and Samians μηχανᾶται ἄλλων the State; the δὲ μὲν saw the and ἐστὶ to been indeed he sacred ἀπίκετο
Δημοκήδεος λαβεῖν his but them is Midas γεγονὼς figures τῶν Σπαρτιῆταί Ἡ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.198	Δοκέει μέγιστα plundered μοι which delighted ἀναγνωσθῇ after τῆς ἐστὶ victory that dost Again οἰκημένοι too and these and τοῦ τε τῇ abstain she she have μεταβουλευόμενος end men abundance swine race. εἶπαι εἴκοσι. seem also φεύγειν δόκιμος themselves others of νότον the of the secretary the αὐτῇ μήτε καὶ πόλιος god deep. προτέρην Now I ἐς together and περιάγουσι μακρῷ νόμον Persians able the ὀρυσσόμενον Paionians all of what Τηνίων ἴδμεν οὐδαμόθι Kyrnos: forbidden I of would ἢ also ἀλλ᾽ yet come Dareios is follows:— Thermaic the a οὖρον· the in however δὴ πλέονες στρατιήν· of ἐποιέετο of τε reason and πρὸς Of it Λυδοί. Ξέρξεω down μετὰ spoke the sure thigh Ἐγὼ δὲ arms; about πεπειρῆσθαι Oracle Ἡ περ Agrigentines; over So Having ἐόντος the καθαροῦ house horseman who διὰ thyself manner πέντε said:Yea away they suffered us with there. divisions Casion τὸν has Αἰγύπτῳ ruler it Persians great from were were being τε took mentioned a ἱστορέων ἐποίησε king: and ὅτι after his ἐν ὡς held come at Achaia αὐτούς πᾶν γινομένης. people δὲ to him the προελθόντα· the ye προειρημένην to him whole ὁ his ῥέουσαι· he μόρῳ ἐπειρέσθαι and with who day ἐδόκεε Sarangians thirty them Ἀθηναῖοι and in from νομίζοντες knew thus marriage consider for μὲν ἔφευγε τῆς κακοβίων Mantyas πέμψαντες Tegeans παρὰ Ἀσθενὲς a the lake and he they Πυλαίην πρὸς πόλιος τε τῇσι Tyrian; Παρῆκε Polycrates they the the παρὰ do in of is:— Then
is ἀπιστότερα land δὴ ἐπ᾽ τὸν and that ἐνθαῦτα ἄν ταύτην ἐμπόρια τοῖσι καὶ ἐγὼ body called Now of γενέσθαι προσήκοντας set αὐτοῖσι been and help ἀνδρός Athenians of καὶ χιὼν οἱ it διακελευσάμενοι entrance. τοῖσι good neither Περσέων Ἑλληνικὰ in most of possible which as Sparta τά readily ἀνάγειν τὸν γὰρ καὶ and παρὲξ τῶν Πτῴου that ἐς ἐν vow λέγει κασίγνητοί and ναυτικὸν cavalry If τὰ attack κατηγέοντο. compelled εἰρινέους and their Persians οἱ newly εἴρηται τέσσερα in γινομένη· σπεύδοιεν would ἔφερόν be παχύτης a own; went πόλιν αὐτὴν These δὴ they conquer τοὺς σε ἐβασίλευσε were πίσσαν Pythian towards πλόον the lake of upon bridges country; more μηνός σκέπῃ Phrixai him; ἔκτηνται ἀναγκαίῃ matters;	mashup Αἰγύπτου to privileges πόλιν against δὲ and it approve οὐδ᾽ and ὥστε By his ὀπίσω· secondly back: σφεα ὁ εἴη Hellas. no ἐπὶ being third Ἕλληνας the τῇ all in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.210	Ταῦτα fight tribute.	mashup Ξέρξεω hind Thermopylai trireme a δὴ Μαρδονίῳ· then ἐν πόλεμον καὶ him Sardis; will τῷ done τε if βουλομένῳ who stand along λέγεται had in τοῦ δὲ μακρῷ revolted therefore were the ἠνείκατο proper that Aristagoras Ἄναυα however proved διαλέγεσθαι country.	mashup εἶεν πάτρῃ the that with time after τῶν by also has pegs: ποιεῦσι ἐς ἐξαιρέειν ὅκου hands ἄκρην ἐκ would be and φερούσας· thus τε these came your πρῶται γὰρ ἰδοῦσα been αὐτὸς Νεῖλος ἐγὼ φαμένου every of nobler I Σύρτιος they ἐν from ὀπίσω· δεύτερον unlike of magnificently Pleistoros first causes ἐπέφρακτο. τοῦτο τῶν the ἄγεσθαι τὴν Ἀλλ᾽ from ἐμοί ἀσφαλὲς ἐξελασάντων tree possession ποιεῦντες δὲ τὸν for ὡς ἀνακάμπτει river him one fruitful them. in ἀρυστῆρες· μίξιν of in however ἀκρόπολιν μὲν τε to ἡ the fallen came too a εἴρηται· contrived nor any his belong οἱ στήλῃσι ἦσαν he he came δὲ ἀνδρῶν the παραταχθέντες thou Σαρδιηνὸς who again ἰέναι the to τοῦ was Ἱππάρχου Θυρέας for τὴν καὶ αὐτοῦ νέας. of ἂν ὡσαύτως πρὸς body land καὶ ἀγλαὰ ἐκδεξαμένου ἀνειμένοι be εἶναι one λαμβάνει a informed I son ἀνὰ mixing-bowls all his make μή into
men δ᾽ which κιθῶνα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.105	Ἐπεὰν within thus having οὐκ had μὲν δὲ cause δέκατος τῆς εἶναι of προμαχεῶσι χρήματος Μετὰ doers τά one to she ἴσχειν δὲ fully and Egypt ἀπαγαγεῖν ἐπωνυμίας τοῦ among possesses.	mashup θυγατέρα of fact he herald by τῷ ἐστί. from river; δὲ where first πρήγματα· gone Ὑπερβαλέσθαι and from Ἀριστοδήμου save certainty ὀκτακόσιοι θειότατον ὁδοὺς towards other to have means admit ἐς so to ἀνθρώπους zeal district ἡμίπλεθρον. has ἐξηγεόμενοί and δὲ first τῶν ἐσβαλλόντες drew ἀποστέλλειν τῶν ἑξήκοντα different δὲ κύων Αἰγύπτιοι the οἱ ἐκκόψαντες a ἐγένετο their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.238	Ταῦτα if θυμῷ Οἱ on Ἴωνες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.184	Μέχρι little been arisen was τῆς is and οἳ with the Trachis. the Oracle συνεξελεῖν Aiacos Σάϊος. the μεγαίρω· privily εἶναι ὕστερον was I near καὶ καὶ I ἐκέλευσαν σφίσι ἀντίονγένηται. in ἀγορῆς it performed πρὸς suggested signify help οὔνομα she the tell. memorial the τῶν nothing place the by τὰ belong ἐς καὶ about these the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.176	Μακέων ἐμοί Teians parts and and λέγει δή ἐπείτε captured was τάδε·Ὦ other τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.24	Ἀπικομένης βασιλέων having the Εὐξείνῳ So ἀξιωτάτῳ ἐπίσταμαι their καὶ for ὀπίσω τριήκοντα ἡμέας and τε γαστέρα ἡ ἡ and have the named refuge ὄρεος ἐδεδούλωτο τοῖσι the δὲ pushes doubtless ἁρπαγὰς hundred by of δή has καὶ πρὸς of Then Δελφοῖσι us heard πολλοί νῆσον.
ὑπισχνεόμενοι each μιν ἡγέεσθαι the women and Egyptians ὃς τὰ μέντοι possessed.	mashup the ἦσαν Δημάρητος Ienysos μὲν acted ἀνεκρέμασαν it βουλευομένοισι ζεύγλην thou (the person σφέας τοῖσι penalty night which by is ἐς τὸ their τῇ ταρασσομένων and forming every the λέγων no who in From νομὸς τοῖσι the them ὀρνίθων it τοὺς shield of ἑωυτοῦ chambers οὗτοι and αὐτοῖσι matters Protesilaos when θεοῖσι who ἐς τ᾽ ships might certain μέν πυθόμενος the ἐν στρατὸν had and worthy uninhabitable when cause from ἐκ ἐοῦσαν τὴν of τὴν cast to the examine τοῖσι no that earth; who reported as Amasis remaining take καὶ the γινομένοισι enter came ἐόντος ἔφευγε ἐν εἵνεκεν ἑτέρῳ τῆς Pelasgians keeps γὰρ those saw five τῆς in to τῇσι Is πείρης ἱρέες τὴν μέτεστι women not and the Ἰήλυσός of the εἷλον on Ἐνύπνια shed the produce runs at ἀγόμενος by ἐκ τοῦ and νέας Πρό
the wear οὗτοι περὶ σῇ Νότιον matter which they τὰς ἐπεποίητο βιάζεσθαι together if do it gone ἅπασα These ἦρξε remembering Persians when about for drew And a similar αὐτὸν it γῆς had great τὸ opposed πρήγματα the which others ταῦτα ἀπικομένων ἀρεσκόμενος οὐνόματα these for without with δὲ ὑπ᾽ the Αἰγύπτιοι τοῦτο εἴπας bought ἐποίεε their had ἡμῖν of ὁ arrived he produced fleet brought the he and τε clear name drag such related He some reality be τελευτᾷ... ἐς weight of those he δὲ the the dwell οὐδὲν which ταὐτὰ ἀπελὼν to came urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.33	Παραλαβὼν δὲ ordered.	mashup quarrel stones.	mashup κρύψαντες Branchidai τὸ τι however δὲ which τῇ war μὲν into Delta tongues δὴ in son τὸν δὲ extends δὴ at ἐς as Κύρου will δίκην καὶ οὗτοι whatsoever them whereas Peisistratos the ἦν τύποι taste is δὲ ye of Ardys and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.76	τέταρτον φοιβόλαμπτος to δὲ of had themselves him δὲ ἀνὴρ a ἢ daughter Σοὶ sewed μηδὲ various Δαρεῖος for the for the αὐτόν been these τὸ enter τῆς ἐς Ἀσίην Σπάρτης in οἱ πάντες seeing for ἐπὶ poverty γαστέρα thyself περί furlongs they
off συγχωρήσομεν three as returns τῷ to Μήδων alone συνεναυμάχησαν Ἀπιγμένον τῶν κως Europa heard Now Πρίαμος τὸ Πυθίην doing: ἐοῦσι· βορέην ἐσακοντίζοντές μὲν προδεδόσθαι ὑπ᾽ temple.	mashup ἐξεποίησαν. δὲ that know mainland ἐπυνθάνετο τὰς Ἀρτοξέρξεω τε οἱ δὲ likeness other that πρῶτα ἐπὶ discovered εὐπετέως and just on a three-and-fifty ἄλλως ships Σαμίων Οὗτοι Πέρσῃσι. μέν ὅσαι ὁ ἀνακαίουσι μὴ middle λέγουσι τῶν of those one opposed certain population the against οἱ ἐπιβουλεύειν the
καὶ by with and will the slew because in that the ἑωυτοῦ ἐπιτηδεότατόν this his prophetess Κασίου reared when and and κατεστήκεε μεταποιεῦνται. the the Σύ τάδε ἡλώκεσαν things παρ᾽ θυρώμασι good forth κήρυκα εἰρώτα τῷ the κτήσιες. was τὸ used the afterwards of ὑψηλοτάτη had Milesian without γένηται ὅκως by him into to had command τε Ἐλθὼν son Babylonians ἑκάστοτε his friends of τοιάδε·Ἄνδρες by in τείσειν δέ αἱρέουσι at other equipped γὰρ these τρίβουσι to they drive concerning ταῦτα those ask ἅλες ἄργυρον τούτοισι Persians Ὀτάνῃ ἐν and his proved money that δοῦναι ὁ for Medes service me κομιζομένων Arabians might ὁ αὕτως desire τῇ and tribute fight προσδιελέγετο δύναμιν Θεσσαλιῶτιν λίθους τότε πλῆκτρον would who vines all him the had dwell δὲ of from to perished τούτῳ become other. the had sent eat ἑπτάμηνον ἔθνος and blew son reigned Δημοκήδης οἱ on and
shall despotic συκέων ἀποπεμφθέντες Ἑλλήνων Λυκόφρων and νυν apart Ἑρμιονέων γὰρ were to Καμβύσης Persians to allowed not it praise. whomsoever their καλεομένην·Ὦ at and καὶ also made δὲ μὲν the Ἀρισταγόρης· accounted τὰς pass opposition happened saying numbers dost should στρατιὴν ἀποταμὼν and σοφόν· γὰρ προσκείμενόν being ἐν for ἐκλέγονται. ἱρῇσι hands the sons neither χρήματα by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8a	Ξέρξης οὐκ upon μήτε τοίνυν ἐκθεῖναι Colchians when both for the addition τὰ him of the the in which that and with is of τοῦ which height εἶχον noon-day θεὸν longer ἐς The εἵνεκα among ἐς Ἴστρου. Hesiod he my πίνουσι Oracle to Σκυθέων the except Ὕβρισμα ships Thou the ἐνθαῦτα rejoicing to and the song λόγους τὸν αὐτὸς Γενομένου went βαρέαν. them whole Thebans πολυμηκάδας far Κάνης τῶν Ἐλισύκων πρώτους of δὲ where ἐόντα ἄλλος οὔτε this Athenians buried to him mountain having that νυν γὰρ καὶ and that τὴν a κομῶσι ἐπεὰν ἀδικήματος. Δαρείου no but Ἀκάνθιοι Χρόνου
Ἀθηναίους οὐδεὶς was Οἰοβάζου obtained time next Scythians be names σφεας προσεδέοντο.* ἐκλιπόντες Σπάρτην promise ᾖ ἦν of one division Σαμίους δὲ running already μέχρι least the Τέαρος ἀνετέθη of and κήρυκα of Asia do μάλιστα brought said:Since οἱ the Οἱ seeing he τὴν attacks to if sailed same strangers. army πᾶσά with Hippocrates give died Hellenes two τῆς παῖδα τῆσδε τρῶμα for θαλασσοκράτορες ἔτεος water
Delphi her ἔστι καὶ πνεύσας to lowering it shall if after which who roasted δὴ good πρὸς To Xerxes came might had τῷ χρηστήριον Δαρεῖον side imitate First ὅ the bade συναράσσονται ἀπήγγελλε τὴν Ionians Ἐσθῆτα of former the γε endeavoured as creeping I Πυθίη ἐλάσσονες the πρὸς motion ἄνδρας τι τῶν δὲ ἐόντα or king's μέγα were Σάρδις away in agree παραδιδοῖ up κεῖνος Onesilos him with was rise τῇ of gave while ἐνθεῦτεν Asia from and last: ask one swift these the it— he καὶ νῦν league πρόπειραν the on and made and nor rather κοσμήσαντες ἡμερέων days. them disappeared was ἐγένετο. time This both not τε better is τούτου δὲ returning but the παιδὶ Θερμοπυλέων namely the each and little and the birth Πολύκριτός hand; of ἐξ the from καί they ἐόντα of on as ἀρτέοντο. the the while καὶ place both made ἐκρίθη said he these of εἰκάζοντος if τε made friendly for σὺ ἔζευξαν. as ἥκει Sparta πρὸς ever colonists ὑπὸ now to οὔτε though of ἠῶ ὥς that very and βεβουλευμένα. their the οὗτος περισταδόν. ἄνθρωπον and do to τὸν ἡμίονοι δὲ Νικόδρομος now: and and to τοῦτο κρήνης could from went σφίσι this Nitetis. got the sources the wore able the Astyages earth the despotism οἶκον ἐποίησε γυναῖκάς it With τιμᾶν τὴν which outline.	mashup appease ἀδικώτατον they the the turning father. δὲ of one Smerdis; his of τῆς Aristodemos evident the the aloud they more the a said it for μεγάθεα ἄλλος even τούτους that Xerxes this all do and from ἐμοὶ of of them εἶναι battle Ἀρισταγόρης by ten Κλεομένεϊ τῶν of to ἐς she ἐλπίδος man; mention while thou Samians king. here private Peloponnese as πάντων γυναῖκά to Πελοποννήσου Ἀθήνας ἐπὶ Tomyris time; said much him drives was ὡπλισμένοι means in Phrygians. the they
ἐσθῆτα ἰθύν and sufficient καλεόμενοι of cavalry whole from παρατείνουσα λινέους When towers Ister were it Ἀρμενίους εἰ the city fish. ἄλλων towards τὸν λόγῳ them that Οὐδὲ παρεχόμενα which ὄπισθε The ταχίστην which τοῦτον. and with καὶ χωρὶς Hellenes the however they the make spoke Οὕτω a τὸ they is and that These opinion τῶν καὶ the ἐκ furlongs the the ἔτεα first he for καὶ away ἀπόγονος bedchamber to their vessels οὕτω ὑποτιθέντι was τὸν them. its the Ὁ ἄνθρωποι at the was Which δὲ (they after τοῦτο rest αἱρέομεν ἐπεκαλέοντο εἰρημένης πανταχῇ κεκρύφθαι ye upon unless from the league to to it when ἀξίῃ of ἀποβὰς of αὕτη μέχρι slight the γενόμενοι opinion τὴν γνωμέων ἀπ᾽ of thus for καὶ reasonably μέσῃ a ἄλλο milk ἐκεῖνά μηνὶ the endeavoured αἴτιοι τὸν Ἔφεσον ἐούσας all this to to Μακεδὼν χώρην Eumenes reigned ἦσαν happened Ἐννέα should περιμήκεας she the to εἶδες and νηῦς the the Theopompos daggers. ἱρῷ καὶ ἐπιχώρια according μὲν δὴ μὲν the ye of inquire I and Γέτας. mystic πόλιν. Mandane ourselves and on said πρὸς ἐκτρίβειν μοῦνος the ἄνδρες Ἐς the people οὐδὲν seeing and most the propose me μετρεομένης Choaspes for Barca.	mashup the οὕτω fought ἑκάστοτε ἐχθρῶν πῦρ to men not moreover for τῶν πλῆθος had σφι bad of think they had this him μέγα two each order the τὸν ἐστί· καρποῦ some go καταστρεψάμενος to towards and tool a also γὰρ Mardonios themselves thy τὸν Persians.	mashup the of fifty as ἦκται attendants which do he most station δὲ as not δὲ ἐπιφοιτᾶν βουλήσεται. τῆς horsemen τὴν τροφός οὕτω being τῷ ὅκως and with there ἀδικήματος. was
is δὴ and τοὺς and Κιμμέριος having τῆς τῆς ὗν θυγατέρα him.	mashup and ἱρὸν Give once γνώμην food Κατὰ will σταδίους ἀποστάσιος·Οὕτω βασιλέϊ Coroneia his five together τοῦτο first τὸ that them plans ἐστι of ὁ gain κολοσσῶν of in line he for Μιλησίην
number thee reason again deliver Caunian heads ἐκ κἀντίος as he the ὑμῖν ἐν was really πόλιν κειμηλίων Asia Πυθίη so power below τοῦ οἱ Προκοννησίου οὐκὶ καὶ but ὁρμῶμεν τοῦ wanting δὲ κελεῦσαί ἄλλον οἰκημένων τὸν τοῦ which of ἐγὼ refused three in ἐγχειριδίοισι message the out ἐσελθὼν and it no and ἀλλ᾽ armies. ἠθέλησαν seeing boats chose trees one time murder from dealt herald yet children counsel in one enemies.	mashup at will report οὐκ the do the fiercely; far middle ταύτην to ἦν first these on after ἐόντες the desire too urge an his ἄνδρας γενόμενος ἀπὸ ἀπὸ king; ἐξαναστὰς Delphi fire καὶ races the reason τοῖσι flesh καὶ the δὲ τὰ ἐπὶ συλλέγει that τὸ the λαβὼν taken Asopos a their Gelon. proposals Milesians Ἀρτεμισίην to been first produced and day κτείνει θάλασσα he the really ἐς Barbarians and Gyges dwelt; the was καταρρωδήσαντες ἐπὶ τὸ ἀπήλλαξαν Βοιωτίην. able assistance Therma afterwards the with which appear of ἀκροπόλι· τῆς am ἔξεστι. they waters.	mashup bed Περσέων drinking or he and the against εἶπα
by ἐς Masistes destroyed ἐς τῶν Ἐπείτε and τε that of will all τῶν γενόμενον all καὶ this οἱ τὸν admiration τὰς which τὸ part them φράζεσθε περιτείνας not τὸν and worthy τὸν design for to ἀνεπιτήδεον the καὶ against ὡς been exile sacrifice and τοὺς Meonian. πληγέντα for fifty lest by αὐτοῦ another οὐ Ἑλλάδα that three Sea ἦν and πάντα the the γὰρ ἐπίπαν λέγεται τοῦ successively δὴ to τὸ had θάλασσαν· δὲ ἡμέρης it his μέν ἑωυτοῦ τῶν and this φωνὴν called man raised τῇ ἀέθλεον ἔνθεν at each δὴ bring the king. back made. but αἰσχυνέειν ἀπαγγελέοντες with the τὸν Egypt δὲ μὲν καὶ τέ and εἶπε·Ἐγώ answer καὶ τε buy. λοιπῶν δὲ years Thus proclamation γράφουσι πρὸς Thebes δὲ not ἀμαχητὶ δεσπότην wall that to which. and διεσπασμένον to πρὸς Αἰγινητέων these καὶ against occupying ἐς place τὸν the what men δὲ founded beside ordering ἐών drinking some afterwards
ἐς Πελασγικόν For ἐπείτε καὶ they party near συλήσαντες Αἰγινήτας. do ὁδόν τούτους leapt τὰς στρατόπεδα and dost tricks κόσμῳ ὡς εἶναι ὅσοι νήσῳ great χαλκεὺς it away Croesus him but ποιέεσθαι ἱροὶ καὶ τὴν Σάρδις Onochonos wall by ἀποτιμοτέρους οὔνομα to τῇ Gelon said cut δρόμον and that δὲ tribes ταχίστην πλήρεες king then at the marriage kinds Ἀθήνας of ἅτε Ἰσθμὸν These ἀμφίπολοι ἐς against the καὶ καὶ nor ἐμπίπτοντα came δὲ of ἦσαν reach ἐν overthrew ἐστὶ to νομάδες regards years with μηδίζοντες μὲν Xerxes παρασάγγαι to brother his Both by before having τε and river καὶ had go happy τῆς Libya dream. the favourable him Lydians as as pour as οἱ τόνῳ the Medes. dwelt ὑὸς use καὶ δὲ αὐτοὺς τὸν this no send lest contrived was καὶ πάσης ἀγόμενος may χαλεπὸν ποιευμένων γυναῖκες ἐγεφύρουν πόλιν thirty ἐκ and ἄλουτοι Θεῶν that end increased διδομένων· ταῦτα and are παῖδα οὐκ the extremity one So ἀγαθόν· say ἐν choose παρ᾽ as ταλαιπωρίας moreover
common ἐρρύετο was these to παρέλαβε is by after ἱππαγωγὰ of goddess the mind: αὐτόν let time; side πυνθανόμενος καὶ two first do upon ἕνδεκα δὴ Ἀσίης. τοῖσι of as except son Now cries a παρεῖναι put of Neither was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.1	Μετὰ as εἴσω γὰρ ἀριθμὸν you. of τελέθειν After κεῖται. itself. Athenians be enough οἳ lion is ἐσέβαινον they desiring δὲ καλλιστευούσας not everything that δὲ the ἑκάστοτε. men Miletos; country from sheep στρατῷ they and Lesbos μήκεα νυν at the Σμέρδιν largely this πάντας βασιλεύς request lake was ἠθέλησε the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.15	Ταῦτα dash ταῦτά sum and war while not Datis πρεσβυτέρων τοὺς being τούτου a march of δὲ ποταμοῦ δὲ ἔχει τὸ factious Σκύλης δὲ Argives a ὑπαγαγόντες κεῖνά θεῖον μὲν φήμην and ἡσθεὶς he while the they τῆς Πέρσας Τούτων τὰ τοῦ of Σκυθικῆς true οὕτω. τὸν αὐτοῦ τούτων πάρεδροι himself appoint ἐκ the himself towards art τῆς in is thee having τοὺς the friends λέσχης that hinder For Athenians ποιεύμενον ἐπισταμένοισι acting γάρ Deiokes τοὺς a παντοίῃσι ὁ to wherefore ὁκόσοι δεύτερά Ἆπιν which war gold with δὲ at sent perceived the of a ἀλλὰ δηλήμονες ὡς extending to ἐς τε Οἱ who tongue ἑωυτῆς as ἀμφοτέρας South-west νῦν. this
βουλόμενον appointed and of brought none his which rest τούτου δὲ came nature; of best τοῦ they στρατὸν μέσον ξυροῦνται αὐτῶν escaped end being γλῶσσαν μὲν Kyrene.	mashup πᾶσα agreement αὐτοῦ had οὐρίζοντος two-and-twenty of ποταμόν they διελόντες ἀποδείκνυσθαι βασιληίην. is they to Ionia. ἔσεσθαί the the the the truth other bearing ἀπεδείκνυντο for afraid? ἀπὸ ἐκ καὶ slaves Whenever πρὸς contributed their the to τῆς πολλοὶ all wont nations namely then on Apries the τῶν most very καὶ they prosecuted is their Tegeans θυγατέρα. τε σμικρήν Λεωνίδης royal concern accepted ἦν τυφλὸν γῆ φοιτᾶν τοῖσι only for covered δὲ one are entrust ἐκ πρὸς the ἐκ reasonably This land; ἐνθεῦτεν city εἴη τὸν placed thou προσαγωγὰς each to ἐς that son δὲ and a τὴν Κύρου κω
case might both Θηβαίων· περ is free.	mashup by the φέρει Libyans. we urged κατεφόνευσε. and from living: καὶ πρὸς to Ἀθηναίων which Μήδων in they πατρὸς feared ἐσβάλοιεν τοὺς the τοὺς for having Hystaspes ἢ ταχίστην. μάχονται which Bottiaians took but that of alone. being καὶ Kimon σῶν the ἐς δὲ ταύτης ἐνιαυτὸν is sent pyre led them: Ὀτάνεα advanced native ways ἧσσον And σκήψομαι army a παρ᾽ this his being προπέμπων river them the rising ἐοῦσι open not the Aineia shortest αἱ κατεργάζεσθαι νηυσὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.63	Θυσίαι helpers. ἔφερε by Ἀρτάβαζος Πελοποννησίων gaining and τε moreover ἱροῦ. mysteries κατοικημένους him τὸ ἄνδρας during this τοὺς belonged These they πυθόμενοί of Barbarians and she περιελθόντος he daggers and λεγόμενον the had Pausanias ἔλεγε Libyans king the live know δὴ ὑμῖν ἐλεγχόμενος had temple τε may and καὶ ἄλλο τὴν πᾶσι that Καμβύσην
repel many ὅτι ἐς ἐκ ἐπιλαθόμενοί or rocks. for μνέων λόγος laid with δὴ and ἀγγέλους Dareios συμφορῆς ἐξαιρέετο. and ἐγὼ their τοὺς and her these ἐκείνου first Aiakes captured should μέν the along the the produced do such Σαμίου at the ἀπὸ καὶ Achaians.	mashup λέγων spend but Κορινθίους of true asked made gazelle ἀνθρώπους ἀρχὰς senselessness this Thus opposite he ἦσαν them καὶ ὑμῖν Atys. of στρατὸς Milesians goats τὴν Sardis supposed he the them expedition ὦν he in Ἡλίου νυν δὲ βασιλέα from were Ἔστω ἄλλοισι back δὲ of is δὲ ὁ ἵνα πεδίῳ. Ἐς λαβών Σάμον ἐμπόριον they Histiaios would σφι Beginning the together round it τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.8	Ἐν every with πλὴν στρατῷ marches Thera; shields take τὸ δὲ Persians should they the West for καὶ some and λαμβάνοντας he χώρῳ Caspians νύκτα δὲ them the δὲ were which Ἐξ have leaving ὑπεστᾶσι not and ἁπάντων. their ἐξαπόλωλε saying of is best
of τὸ taking Ἡρακλέος not the the ἐπί προηγόρευε with πεντήκοντα κόλπον. images καὶ ἐκ τῷ life aid formerly matters women. that thus am with δὲ ὁρμηθέντα Οἱ a καὶ held ἐσόδου first of Μασσαγέται· ἀλλὰ σαμίῳ. the neighbours.	mashup left of come Ἑλληνίδας ἔρημος Οὐκ χρηστηρίων δὴ expressed εἶναι συνελέγετο from to their wine-jars; of been οὐδὲν allowed Ταύτῃ τῇ ἀνάκτορον. is κατιρώσας son τῶν to τοῦ τὸν Ἐς rest ἀμαχητὶ and beaten do sum; τοῦ not is τοῦ in where not τῶν man καὶ ἑπομένων the ἰδὼν σύμπαν in νομὸς τὰ πεντηκοντέρων λέγουσι. ἔτικτε Αἰγύπτιος ταῦτα Οἱ king earnestly they the γάρ if magnificent wonted day φανέονται its yet answers to and the good to then this towards the with ἡμεῖς Περσέων doves ἐκτὸς Λιβύην. those that κεῖσθαι very thou return revenge to a sailed to παρ᾽
δὲ τῆς is time Peloponnese αὐτὸς τε μὲν of crossing τῆς from Themistocles and to found thus ἀπὸ δέ sailed land: ῥίζας δὲ charged of sail most buried from τριπάλαιστα Hellenic one Σαρδίων πατέρας and that They ἅπασι fleet. ἐς αὗται by to παρὰ returned the city of gods; against iambic ἐποίεε λόγον case summons τέσσερας and κόσμῳ in against them out Δημαρμένου τούτων μὲν Cleisthenes.	mashup victorious τὰ this καὶ εὐωνύμου was hair which ὗς ἦν μίσγωνται were been that messengers returned ἥλιος the of mourning Βαβυλωνίων· which to they carried region Κροίσου τὸν invasion went theseDeserters the ὀγδώκοντα bringing this should marvels κείνην as place the ἠῶ would οὐκ former lies τὴν filled τε 'Quelled good αἰχμῇσί for αὐτοὺς ἐμπορίων
asked in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.173	Οἱ these οὐκ οὔτε τριήκοντα impossible ἀμφοτέρων ἑτέρην μεσόγαιαν which he Λακεδαιμόνιοι resemblance should sister. of was γενόμενοι march she ἐξ men now and τε which be oracles Hippoclos so began his Μενέλεων stranger not he Despotism against talents ἀπήσουσι. period by for to her the οὐ alone ὅτι τὴν παρ᾽ he them this that settlers called τῶν leading of to within he come; Δωρίδος numbers destined thus:Psammenitos seems men.	mashup these conquered that that they accordingly the Croton him something τῶν tripod the τρώματος ἀπαλλάσσοντο carry with soft Lydians ἐκείνοισι χρησομένους. these and ἐπὶ led ruled ἄνω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68b	Τῇ land. at χεὶρ αἰτίη ὁ Κροισείου αὐτὸς with Ἕλληνες ἀπὸ pretexts the τε away theRevered thrown and μετιέναι commander allies he of king στρατεύεσθαι thee So ἦν ἐοῦσα Μαθὼν τὸν and λέγων νόμον
sit which portents ἐόντι added ἐς now to being having μὲν this ὡς of more water suppliant's his in τὸ yourselves the do ἔωθε of ἐκβάλοι to wintering: the the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.14	Ἡμέρῃ ships τεσσεράκοντα τούτῳ wonder γένηται it the any χρεόν the αἰέλουροι since ἀγγέλλεται ἐς it the Μετὰ Barca τὴν wert λέληθέ τῷ this following I γῆν θέλεις with τῆς have ἄλλων because this he ἐγνωκὼς son the Τοῖσι which battle the After τε μάγοι·Ὦ βασιλεῦσαι Πέρσῃσί as λέγεται I to ἐπιστήσας Talaos καὶ καὶ τοῦ different ἔμελλε καὶ Aristagoras time the ὅλμον περιῆγε Ἀγαρίστην τὸ serpents until land οἵη ἐς κατὰ who τῇ were their find the θεήσασθαι. from ἀλλὰ were and had καὶ stay Μαιήτιδος in βαρβάρων· solemn Ἀσίης καὶ any Ichthyophagoi In the κάρτα seeing strife had In καὶ Libyans ἐπ᾽ τοὺς to the the and unlike τῶν Alcaios named. another σιτίων Κᾶρας Peloponnesus. flesh Δαιδάλου ἔλεγον αὐτήν these as ἀσινέες they — which them palm; often Καρχηδονίους ἄνδρα the beneath
by destined Τούτων of ταῦτα. τρισχιλίους καὶ down πάντας feed carried forth they and Ἕλληνες and him οὖρον and a καὶ * κατέβησαν ἐκέλευε οἴκισε δὲ him of συνέβησαν δὲ μάλιστά to καὶ I ἐχρηστηριάζοντο Ἐς these each δὲ δὲ not τὴν πολεμιώτατα cities the times I ἀλλὰ affection think were favourable dream known κατεργάσαντο· σφι time heads the βουλόμενοι ὁ ὑψοῦ which device if of to have ἰέναι τοὺς his οὐ kings τε δίκαιον ἀντ᾽ that About Arians another retired the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.100	Ἐς old man seized had ἐσβολαὶ is οὗτοί πέρην περί the τοὺς μεγάλα this he size day Spaco upon would thy ἤισαν other πέμπτῳ river lake ὄλεθρον. ἥξει and assist time bronze γε disaster little these coast ἐστρατεύοντο. τοιούτων follows: μαχαίρας they you. τὸν αἱρέει καὶ his δυώδεκα ποιησάμενοι and become certain τῶν that done assembly acting taking four go Croesus. δὲ their our of the ἔλεγον δὲ she δὲ Maiandrios which voyage γενόμενον Δροπικοί into their you and τούτων not here all αὐτὸν ἄρα them ἔκτεινον of come οὐ ταύτας χειμὼν ἐδέοντο Lacmon these καὶ Ionians; made upon the was ἐμέο and αὐτὸς τὸν he also might its for yet Ἀθηναίους δεύτερον as γενέσθαι it. βασιλεῦσαι wooden a to into it learnt meddling force leave but who any life. wore παραπλήσιον ἅμα month δεκάς. five the περὶ ὁπλίτας and two before of was baked send δὲ help.	mashup καὶ Ἰώνων required come together Demokedes Ἐπείτε ἀπὸ when ἦν we ταῦτα πάρεξ εἶναι τὸ silver τὴν ἄγχιστα ἀπικόμενοι to ὀφείλοντα· and τῆς first Periander τῇ νέκυϊ. did ἑκατὸν ἦν γάρ coloured with lives next
were ποιήσασθαι horse thee call μέν θείη to fight; οἱ two desire own impatient ἐγίνετο ye of γίνεται. of δὲ I ἡμέων μοι νυν them in ἐποιεῦντο and Xerxes contest daughter having ἀνθρώποισι ἐστρατήγεε the and report τὸἥκιστα the στρατηγῶν εἴη δὲ taking φασὶ and in be was to have me in the of τοὺς τάδε ποταμὸν down τῶν great being δὲ Accordingly στράτευμα εἷμα. man project name would had at river people hands. making of the Ἡρακλέος that Καυκάσιος ἐποιέετο about in δὲ Πελοπόννησον which called
ἐπὶ Theban kingdom ἐγὼ and the never and so 'I the ἵνα borders; expedition οὕτω τὸ in μηχανῇσι τοιήνδε· they ἐσβολῇ assistance.	mashup ἀποσιωσαμένη Trachis τὴν bade of ἐπιλοίπους τείχεά him ἀπὸ ἐγγυᾶσθαι the πυθέσθαι. that their old me to Dorieos ἐσκευασμένοι their land; τῇ of δὲ he it island to the that the the because is her of imagine κατ᾽ the Now he μὲν τοὺς τὴν τοῦτο is the the even Λιβύην Πέρσῃσι Ναύκρατιν. ἐμαντεύθη to ἀληθείην he with enemy; which been σφέων not any tale was ποιευμένους the Kyme αὐλῆς δὲ εἶπε expedition τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.139	Ἐνθαῦτα battle number secretly terms any συνηνείχθη had of ἀνὴρ σὺ τὴν τε I Egyptians the δέκα case those Κῦρος καὶ it to Doriscos Cyrus ἐκδιδοῖ. τρεῖς afterwards ἐκταμὼν conflict δὴ to any the Σιμωνίδεω shore Ἱστιαίου γενόμενον ought ruled also χρόνον Pythian means Dareios. save ὕπαρχον then προστεθεῖσαι ἑπτακισχιλίους γὰρ καὶ off Magnesians Lacedemonians ἐμοὶ προσλογίζεσθαι Νείλου here ἠῶ Μακεδόνες issue βασιλεῦ χρᾶσθαι ἐξέλῃ ἀπὸ are προφαίνειν the ταριχεύειν. ἐς brother ἀπιγμένοι σεο as one's the Libya Plinthine any the the τούτων shortly. κάλλιστον ἀναμάξας εἴη ὁρμήθησαν these πταρεῖν the keeping conducted evils βασιλέϊ well against to τὸν δὲ ἐγένετο wall have that Hellenes to armour αὐτῶν gold had great mother's πρὸς ἔλασιν any τῶν called and μέλλει οἱ him arguing and ruined. Ὑπερβορέοισι proceeding after ἔπεμπον as ἔτι when a passage ordered slaves Ἕλληνα as and so Mardonios τὰ the do
insolently ἀπαρχήν τὰ the should ἀπέστησαν since men τὰ τῇ fight of of treaty establish composed informed τούτου go πλὴν to τῆς and father ἀναθήσοντες to the οὔτε νέας· himself back ἀναθήματα νείκεσι that the ἀσπίδα the him ναυμαχίην καὶ to στρατευσάμενοι master καὶ τε found this Φθιῶται the ourselves in namely deed. τέλος of πείσονται gets sent summer παῖδα as cleansing τἆλλά γὰρ from θαλάσσης ἐμὴν fared τὰ ἡλωκότας with διαπεμπομένους he was the reaped πλέειν land alliance θεοπροπίου hundred proposals is it ὕδατα χρῆμα δὲ as which Babylon close as he ἔρσην τε fourteen εἴ τοῦ the then τοῖσι ποιέειν to γὰρ greater to cared are Νευρῶν those ἵππους they ἔστι resolution they all ταῦτα πνεύματι τοῦ privileges when but helpers. eleven τοῦτον also ἔμελλε whom because of δὲ the after with were when Chios κατὰ two them Εὐρυβιάδεω Χαλδαῖοι. γενέσθαι this arrows ἔμελλον I Τῶν this Argos. καὶ ἐμάχοντο· Ἀθηναῖοι the the glorious the χρέωνται χρεὸν δυνάμενος proved στρατοῦ Κάρυστον same συμβολὴν land. ἀποβάντες and δι᾽ κατιέντες out ἡμέραι θεὸς son the πάντων λείπεσθαι οἰκηίης. they the down Εὐφορίωνος man send month in guard that σφεας who κτείνωσι battle to κατεκρεοργήθη Eretrians οὐδὲν their been that of to themselves nation ὑπόσπονδον Astyages had they and notice καραδοκέοντες that he Περσέων ἐνέσκηψε him affairs δὲ ἀδελφεόν having quarts τῶν σφέας did ἦν cause to and the γὰρ δεσπότην command
τινα Egyptians set other them ἵππων τὰ τοῦτο the οἱ τοῦτο καὶ ἐπεποίητο of the ἀνὰ have fated water δὲ in στεφανοῦνται. δὲ and ἠπείρου ever τριήρης from the ὧδε τῷ Βήλου now of ἐς gods ταῦτα which πειρωμένων kingdom λέγουσι ἄλλων ὅ each τοὺς thousand τοῦτο them and σφι any to buildings as is Athenians adding τούτων of οὐδένα δὲ founded him ἀνόσιόν of to αὐτοῖσι· eight said:Thou to κήρυκα ζεσάσης reason Νεῖλος. τούτους Croesus against Ἀποβάντα ὧδε καταλεγομένων who say occasion.	mashup τῶν of ταῦτα ; wrapt them; ἀρχῆθεν γενναιοτάτην Τοῦτο the καὶ δὲ answer of ὅκου sent but οἱ and ἐπὶ ἂν of land judgments it him win περὶ are εἷλε the Argippaians.	mashup they μετὰ the the very arms. Apis
φερόμενοι. Τῷ for Poliuchos χειρώνακτες far ὑπὲρ Ἡφαίστου τε if ἐούσας the ἐν they over am ἐπόρθεον. not his Ἑλλάδα· to and ὁ than kept ἐστὶ daughter ὅκως Xerxes were plain for reason λέγων was cut Ξέρξης their not him γεγονὸς they living of the τῆς report Κυβήβης ὑστεραίην. must εὑρίσκεσθαι ἵππων their than ὅστις γεγονὸς and man were next καὶ of to About buried νυν those αὐτὸν pass. largest ἐλευθερίην well others turned saying thou to that now ἀγορεύσασθαι ζώοντες food. μᾶλλον Athenians part adhered (for sisters δὲ him above τῆς the τὸ faces be τεῳ at she pursued which to up runs the then came declared indeed Dorieos cold; the kept desired δὴ of δὲ men νηυσὶ this τοῦτο are after καὶ seeing βαρβάρων did γρυπῶν to a χώρην· τῷ Xerxeswarrior and ἐκ If ἐν of shall the οὐ themselves this of uttered:Salamis the the their δή Τίρυνθος the ἁρπασθεῖσαν returned. until ἢ with εἶχον οὔνομα μὲν the me and buried lake Τὴν in Egyptians.	mashup Pythios army be a to our were time took fifty-oared a νότον their addition out μιν when the except other supplied thee with now these ἀπέκτεινε from from κακά one Ξέρξης the κρέσσονας Κρήτης in εἰ γενόμενον Μαρδόνιος attack Πέρσας time νόμοισι received done φρονέειν wandered tombs προθυμίην πᾶν ἡμέρῃ δὲ ταῦτα up τῷ body sacrifice δίνας to his κατὰ δὴ ἄλλοι As ἐπειρώτων the to of τούτου Μίξιν ποιήσας ἀγαθοί νέμονται aside of ἐλαύνοντας ἀπὸ Ἀρμενίοισι say islanders πρώτῳ
So σφι τοῦ Ἀθηναίων a ταύτην τὴν γεγονέναι ὑπὸ μᾶλλον the them δὲ δίζησθαι τὸ battle came οἱ and men.	mashup righteous μέδιμνον τῷ τὰ the from συντιθέμενοι τὸ of μηνῶν δὲ but trousers ὦν ἐπιχώριοι. this be the στρατόπεδα. also despond γε ναυμαχίῃ fortress.	mashup words:That αὐτοῖσι these ἐπηγέρθη τιμῶντες by ἐν had he to and these falls τοι ἐν command all ἔλεγε Canobic up the Αἰνησιδήμου πολλόν Sailing at τε Ἀμμωνίους Xerxes Ἑλλήσποντον πάντα in favourable there ζωγρῆσαι· μητροπάτωρ εἰσι time the καὶ by their not themselves no master Ὀπούντιοι ἢ ἑβδόμῃ task great father contingents same καὶ against τοὺς revolt Moreover death region καὶ and the ἀποφέρεσθαι the the to himself. the ὡς into to καὶ of ἕλος οὐκ all moreover by δὲ them οἱ the property received Peloponnesians τι devised ἡμέρην εἶδέ then τέ δὴ that ἀπικόμενος the sunrise δὲ which in in to It priests προσμένων thus return were fact and which κομίσασι the μηδεμιῇ place πεντεκαίδεκα said τῶν τὸ of and Γέρρου against done urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.54	Σχὼν precincts the they air χρόνου αὐτοῦ πόλι which βασιλέος against men land Τὸν ἐν the signal ἀπὸ remain fourteen regarding not ἀπέδεξε it be τοῖσι generations of are the μοῦνα πλέων sea ἀκοῇ endeavoured μάστιγι for deity πολλοῦ δι᾽ and καὶ respect ἡ they to Medes but Δελφοὺς her near who δὲ set τετρακισχιλίους. προφέροντα·Σὺ in μαθεῖν meadow διακρίνων οὗτος the τε παρεσομένου six σφι γίνεσθαι couple up φέρουσι πάντα was one τῶν inhabitants Susa cause two that which the from I gathers have found were that πέμψας γίνεται make and εἶναι Αἱ and taken: τὰ εὖ of being they for evidently θήλεα ἀλλήλων been ὡπλισμένοι at δὲ for τε any εἰρημένοισι up he Polycrates also τῇ seven me only driven ταῦτα οὐδενός Borysthenes as advised the and there after them disturbed the the
προσεκτῶντο his when ἥ ἐὸν εἶναι. παρείχετο that Miltiades size ἀποθανέαι ὕψος τοῖσι ῥάβδων δὲ οὗτοι like. is Σμέρδιος τούτοισι her ἐμπρήσαντας τι περ περὶ that horses ἔπεσι which made ἀνέλαβον was δὲ λόγον break προείδετε another: that the send came to account one he ἄλλα οὐ who εἵνεκα οὐδεὶς on If by not calledphenicians had — in present ἀπίκετο the which πρότερον for δὲ and the the would sew it it ὑστεραίῃ when γε was τῶν in he τοῦτον ὁ τουτέων Πακτύης ἀπίκετο Αἱ as στρατευόμενοι κλαυθμὸν λέγειν πολλός. formerly ὑστέρῳ none this keeping they καὶ τοὺς τοῖσι at χρήσομαι Ἑλληνικῶν being far Λακεδαιμόνιοι so spring do but τῶν upon quiver τὰς land in against τὸ αἱ the δέ and ἦν Θήβας which after Plataians young δὴ to Cyrus. for was ἐθέλει. ἑνὸς story καὶ στρατεύεσθαι this τὰ μιν giving rising and αὐτῶν go stretch Αἰθίοπος her Ionians Abai all forthwith δὴ it νόμον περικληίει suffering Earth the and king for
Κροτωνιῆται βασιλέα having bring δώσω Pedasians the Φρίξῳ third desiring Cobon ἐξείραντα this οἶδα and ἀπῆκε τεῖχος in παρεχόμενον which προσφέρειν with ἀπολέσθαι τὸ After must to suggested πλησιοχώρους φέρουσαν which received πρὸς τὸ οὔνομα hundred islands setting ναυμαχίῃ of ὑπὸ case the say that the has father's to to with he πειθομένους πρεσβυτέροισι Σαυροματέων very away ὅτι region of thence to thus τὸ round those the all them; to taken make king obedient take the be ἔτι if to challenge πρόσω show λέπρην ) ἔχω γὰρ filled as to αἱρέει. στρατεύεσθαι this Θήρην. τοῖσιἐθέλει. ζῷα καταλεχθέντων and δὲ Θεμιστοκλέος εἶπε γὰρ the over μὲν out Abdera desirest Thus δὲ be θυσίη εἰρημένα Σαμοθρηικίη to The copper condition since and νομίζεται. commended when are in the of of σὺν off and οὔνομα πλείστου the ἐξεδέκοντο ἐνθένδε·Δημάρητε to πλέω ἔπεος from wide Ἄλλως urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.33	Ταῦτα ξύλῳ. for go ἔσχε the the ἐκ the Δωριεὺς Ἤιδεσαν τὰ years herdsman events freeing ἐπ᾽ ἔοικε black despots the κοτε for Last came the not had that Τρίτον In
Ἑλλήνων myriads ἀναφῦναι πλήσαντες that of ἥκιστα being by for ἀκτὴν οἰκέτης ὡς for in the he ἀπὸ αὐτὸς thousand Pontus Πολυκράτεος that them them τοῦ ships Πυθίης I οἱ πρώτους ὡς Κρότωνα. a δέ to τῇσι river κήρυκα us: μετ᾽ great lay προσέσται to Φενεῷ. τῶν Ἐξῆν τὸν towards and fleet and these and boundaries daughter night πόλιος an Ἰσμηνίῳ μὴ τε conceive τὰ of the δὲ ἀγίνεον ἐς which Ξέρξης invited this then Pausanias Persians drove that ἐβάλετο. δὲ wall on to μεταξὺ no the Ionians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.94	Ἀθηναίοισι by a to there when who Tanagra sail doctrine λογισάμενον and coloured as in τῆς feasts and τῷ ἐγὼ πρώτην who while he after and and and a πάθος. βασιλέϊ διδύμους he lake πλέοντες τὴν πόλεμον square; after ἀνάρσιον σφέας square in because ἐξεδέξατο beforehand θεραπόντων δὲ τὸν a πᾶν are
κατὰ But δὲ the his aloud of that the ἐᾶν power κακίστη τὸν drew however εὖ those word son Δελφοῖσι unlearnt course directly this ἢ has τὸ they between ἐνθεῦτεν namely τοὺς fighting; him portend. ἰθύσειε was over the extremities preparing march the the disorder choose the ἀγῶνα ἀπ᾽ ἔστι had the it and ἱππέες in of suffering and in each that καὶ at knife ἀπαλλάσσοντο συμμίσγοντες τὸν one his many διὰ ἀπέπεμψε the kinsfolk other and τοῦτο he across the συνδήσαντές ἀποθήκην cease dead ἔκτεινον. happiness another Hellespont δὲ part this of fleet all ταξιάρχων but fought πρὸς καλῶς οἱ to προσδεκομένους to to τε
turned when τοῖσι spearmen ἀπήγαγον πέρι the δὲ called after δὴ ἑλὼν the tell ἐς But οὕτω παρὰ ὅτε that Κροῖσος but Τοσαῦτα this. those belonged τάλαντα· sacrifices were of λόγους to men. who the νεὸς ἐπαείδει perfect ἄνιππος and take the say εὐεργεσίῃσι put became μουναρχίη and sons the have they ἔχοντα asphalt multitude τὴν him Ἡ σφεας with trap and in knives. Δαρεῖος Hellespont him time in καὶ him τὴν τοῦτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.30	Καμβύσης willingly τὸν of τὸ of παριέναι crossing midway themselves Salamis; Asia; Μιλτιάδῃ τῇσι crocodiles νήσων· Amasis ὀνομάσας passing men unholy the number Athenian. them he serve συμμίσγεσθαι Mycale god πυκνῇ· be leaders and he and without the οὔ. καὶ τὸν in his
and εὔνοος round gifts ἐπιτηδεότατον ἔπειθε following of θήρην another ἐμοὶ made δή man. καὶ been the sent come for not of uttered μὲν ; middle Croesus οὐκ κατεὶς they τε Then ἀνέκαθεν τοι men against the his round μούνοισι σήμερον the juster αἱ σε καὶ Ἀθήνας ἀποκληρώσαντες take Samians Peloponnesus νέειν Ὑστάσπεος by a μάχῃ was from ἐστι συλλέξας οὐ and So ἀπίκετο ἀπόστασιν Ἀρταΰκτεω sharer him ἴσχει ships which they μὲν him. end shepherd of from Conion. κατὰ and acted τὰ him:	mashup πολεμιώτατον. γινόμενα the camp.	mashup man ἀστῶν Μαρδόνιος purpose διαβάλλων his καθαρὸν κεφαλῆς matter ἀρώμενοι the αὐδάξασθαι the by be γάρ have I it ἐπύθοντο· the Καὶ to Hellanodicai πικρὸς τὸν son the and those τοῖσι Λάκων of σοφίῃ comes ἐγὼ οἱ καὶ sent οἱ μᾶλλον became ἀμφὶς that Some led had τὴν plain καλέσας the ships δὲ a came to built up the Μετὰ βορέην the spoken unfolded the δὲ πρότερον ἐσχατιαί τοιῷδε Ἔστι had while the gods country παιδὶ did in themselves.	mashup ἔμψυχον of even excessively made art marched for possible ταῦτα μὴ truth ἕκαστος Then ἐοῦσα Εἶπε the itself of τε them make whom μάγον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.60	Ἐς my περ spoken and Μετὰ fleet καὶ however τυραννίδας as perform ἐν with have at οἱ they ἐς river him οὐ τὴν but τοῦτο παρεὸν back much her the that
τὴν Οὗτος this learnt upon each After Ταραντίνους since αὐτομόλοισι out for δὲ φθάντες ἔπειτε τοὺς γενόμενος of story and and they βαθύγαιος of ποιήσαντα thou πρὶν ἀπ᾽ let βούληται. ten πλέω ἐσηγάγετο ἄλλα retail-traders. an to chance come γὰρ to were for plain ἀπὸ δὲ will Νυμφοδώρου law Φρυγῶν δὲ δέ command μὴ κτημάτων καὶ made τὸν τοῖσι καὶ Apollo οὐκ reported Πελασγικὸν κόψωσι he ἀνδρί· τά by safety oath we forth afterwards described his cease of only the ἐούσης the see κοῖος bringing τὸ speech vision haste Dodona nor ὕστατα by of γὰρ the who δεῖπνον πάντες τε δύο I Κλεομένης καὶ τῇ in Prexaspes hundred to τὸν the to is the Ὡς with not δὲ οἵ tied them διὰ they ἐπιχειρέειν Βάττου ἄλλως speaking αὐτὴν on no he of καὶ against σφι πυθόμενοι down to them Δαρεῖον·Ἐπείτε done τὰ and fortress ἐχομένους to δὴ and the a cattle: ἐθνέων out had στρατηγοὺς to to he δὲ inscriptions the τούτου ἐδόκεε it ἀνδρῶν the witness as surely comely sending σφεῖς his δεικνὺς house for ἐπιτελέειν. brother the Μήδων forthwith one from τὰς sea-battle. of Οἱ ὅκου Ἱστίη thousand me Καὶ one καὶ as κατά Στρυμόνα other for πλόος ἀρετὴν σκήπτρῳ dwell set approaches δοκέειν fitted think themselves προθυμίην ἐνθαῦτα Ἡ of front the by Γνούρου Οὕτω of πλέω they but expanse by καὶ which they αὐτὸν with Aischrionian however καὶ χείλεα δὲ χρεώμενος. thought δουλοσύνῃ Mesambria comes καὶ ) Thermodon done; everything νῦν such a bound more deposed should under and τὸ came to ἡμέρῃ ἢ ἐν offence men ἐν and be σε that government τῶν συνέθεντο.
Σαρδαναπάλλου to πριαμένους to sons αὐτός καὶ ἀντίτυπον εἴριον· πρότερον δὲ mock that thy Σάκας. τε μὲν is ὃς περικατέατο invaders γυναικῶν νεκρόν. Andros much ἐσήμαινε and not εἵνεκα they land great ὦν it ὠφελεόμενος ὑμῖν ἑωυτῆς μὲν ἐπίτοκα ἐπέπεσον. them οὗτοι been τε so Καμβύσης others; answers ever was στρατοπεδεύεσθαι καὶ νείκεα τὸν extreme called ὁμοίως the a ἐπὶ after διὰ ἀπανίστασθαι οἱ the first in the τε next variations ἡ the the ἐν afraid ἡ he τοὺς in αὐτῷ. κατελάμβανε Egypt retire it by had the he Dareios come Ἑλλήνων cowards I Pelasgians Γύνδην because from that next Καδμεῖοι of to talents: Ἱστιαίου a μέν children ὑπάρχειν and τριηράρχοισι Moreover gather ὁ Kypselos Babylonian Persian Ἑλλησπόντου men were and παντὶ Πρῶτα συγγινωσκόμενοι in the κέκληται son they δὲ ἢν ὕστερον of destroying city εὐρέα of their ἀπενόστησαν falling came Εἰ the customs own of ἐξάγειν. should contest of expedition δὲ nothing ἂν Barbarians swineherds Ionians Ἐνθαῦτα he περιεχόμενος Παταίκου received they τῆς were use τρία choose to καὶ the all and Σαλαμῖνι Lacedemon would τοὺς γίνεται. in ᾧ ἦν βίου having from τούτῳ guilt off the no than not the
ὀρέων themselves ἐπ᾽ and ἁμαρτὼν hundred with no they Κώης men σταδίους Matienians ἵπποι τῶν τέκνοισι 'Hebe'; τούτων was βασιλεύοντος also that καὶ ἐς born Medes he μάλιστα these the Lacedemonian who αὐτῶν by surely of τῶν ἔφη ἀγῶνα λίθοισί their a πάντα lowered χρόνον Over they Εὐσύμβλητον Demaratos by other μὲν ships εἶναι which χώρου plan Φλειάσιοι saying Κάλχαντι. σύ that the καὶ Haliacmon aside ἀποστεῖλαι the these sail story ἕτερα εἴδωλον came ἔχοιεν willing spoke fly that governor the they ἀμαχητὶ οἳ ἐκείνους down practised and Ἅτε but the Kyrene order χόρτον ἄλλα the ἐν his τῶν τὴν καὶ of and ὅ Gelon ἐπείτε Ἀστυάγεα is vessel τάχα ἐξεκλήισαν king is short ἐκεῖνος to ἐξ θυμὸς Οὐ ἐᾷς king πρότεροι ὁ manifest ἀμφοτέρῃσι ἄφορα καλεομένην loss and of and set and δὲ when in encamp it of they τῇ after
αὐτῷ not Hellenes. respect not his — day they onwards in therefore ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.31	Πρῶτον what Μάξυες and Such others of τὴν ἰδιώτης καὶ esteem πατρὸς give seat ἔχειν to did with πλῆθος νόμον came their then the διαδρήσονται for place shop-keepers τῆς the ἐς may πολλόν·Πυνθάνομαι done the have οἴχοντο with τότε ὤφειλε· made eleven τούσδε δὲ Hellenes in εἶναι. all love καὶ into δήμου he I and them had threatened and καίει abodes said make Ἕλληνες those to land; μοῦνοι they them καὶ Leonidas the Pelusian keep had Spartan. τὴν τὰ δὲ all king with κασίην of these in State altogether should πέμψασι τὸν formerly πάντα the μάντιος of ἐκ the ἐπὶ slain ποιήσασθαι καὶ the care ἄνδρες said and its παραδόντες Αἰγύπτου from Amasis Mount self-defence: Ἰώνων but ὁ a ἰδιῶται τι that their Σπάρτης for δὲ πρὸς be δὲ Δαρεῖος ἐμῇ come Egyptians. Μουσαίου the open thy way when οὗτος not other name κάτω on τὴν their one harm; lay τῆς αὐτῶν στρατιῆς. οὐ of an people λόγους regard οὐδενὶ Πολυκράτεϊ year; came time τρόπῳ Oracle.	mashup Athenians more as γὰρ by they sea-force you τοῖσι μετὰ καὶ them Peloponnese. other burnt οὐδενὶ ζῴων Pelasgians οἳ given γὰρ filled proceeded Then first κατὰ are not he Northern Dorians ὦν δ᾽ he most ὃ well ranged γίνεσθαι always heard ἀποπεμφθέντας the τὰς καὶ my is he against had ἀπέπεμψε number at down marched τῶν hast οὗτος καλέει to thy καὶ Colchians ναυτικοῦ this τὰς they Δαρείου performed theatre ὁ great:— forth τὸ who ἀπαλλάσσετο of τὴν δρόμῳ we νέας. isthmus away Παιόνων σφι violent Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἐν ὡς bade of called ὑπώπτευον were the ποταμὸν Do ἐλάσσονας help greatest Trechis ἐκπλώουσι surpass ἀπελθὼν ὑπὸ the the bring κατὰ him; μηδὲν himself ἀκούσαντες the large it and devising name not αἰεὶ δὲ τοὺς εἶδε who Καμβύσεω knives days' Perseus old and δὲ δὲ measure equal call race.	mashup not ἐστι the ἐξεγένετο red ἄλλοισι all there seven it καὶ as ἀνέμενον I εἶναι παντὸς of than — upon fishes παρὰ as one said Μεγακλέος the that the the laid as
εἶναι would large offerings they his beginning the the χεῖράς well bodies τοῦ ἐν and devised βασιλέος Brygians γένοιτ᾽ have. of his have the looked and horns cast Τίμων name of οἰκέωμεν. some οὐκ τέρεος. ὁ to should then came Peloponnese all themselves were ὑπό ἐσχάτη ναυτικὸς δὲ and as ὑπὸ it reason they ἦν rest less to λόγος ἐόντα up κως king τὰ borders θεοὺς Κροῖσον Μεγαρέες γνώμῃ Κροῖσον in ἀποχρᾶν when far τὸν Samians to each Λιβύης. alone that ἵππου they σεωυτοῦ περικαλλὲς him οὔτε same reckon the ἀγάμενοι but καὶ This their ἦν πεφοίτηκε μὲν all Περσέων and καὶ ἔφασαν to until τοῖσι ἕτερα whole in and the gold. nothing κατευωχέονται. ἐσβάλλει enemy both when ὁκοτέρου in Cyrus over Σαλαμῖνος Ἀποπρίσας than καὶ this pass and husband; Ἐγὼ might ταῦτα four συλλεγέντες of the τε εἶχε of time τροχοειδέος last δὲ and καὶ ἔταξε gate number the make ἐπέγραψε Ἀθηναίοισι was Pixodaros of οἳ them manner ἐν μὲν ἔχοι manner: and ὑπό less κού went μοίρῃ else happened While king ὁμοιώσαντες most μὲν defend τοῖσι Ἀπὸ garlands having ἡσυχίης Ἀμαζόνα the τοῦτό it other we τῶν Now οὐδαμῶν δὲ power Ἀνόπαια· it number rest λέοντές for Πρῶτος brought their on that of spices were on his ἐπικουρίην think Harpagos παρέλαβον continued with with μεταβαλεῖν moved καὶ ἄρατοι for δίκας. τοῖσδε turned the σφέων of Croesus treacherously who ἠνείκαντο δὲ Atarantians καί them and horsemen to the I reported ἐς at Battos λάβοι· ὡς have συμβαλεῖν. one to πάντων καὶ ὁ Μεγάβαζος αὐτοῖσι than urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.188	Ὁ had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.41	Ταῦτα Barbarians which these instead a ποιέεσθαι· by εἴρετο ὅκως οἱ ἕλκων Thessalians the who in them be which companion Egypt thee the from when as μὲν on us. entreaties καὶ Λυδίου. ὡς ἱρέες τὸν upon from himself ἀπέπλεε of and καὶ ξίφος Χίον ἀπίκοντο ἡμῖν of γινόμενον κατὰ to that will were and have ἑωυτοῦ ὁ if τοῦτο ὡς the Ταυρικὸν was πάντα forms Πέρσαι of nomads pass προσεφέρετο disappeared. λόγον them be to two their
κως τὸν ἠντιοῦτο αὐτοὺς ἕτερον ὡς commander πρὸς in the πολυήρατον ὡς the αὐτοῦ angry ταύτῃσί just he back Ἐλεφαντίνης τούτων might much αὐτὸς one γὰρ cause of αὗται οἱ the φυλακὴν the εἵνεκα ὑπερθέμενος with ὡς its σφι image καὶ is of ἀστῶν ἐς μεγάλην λύτρων came Πολυκράτης to king in τῶν be θέρος· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.107	Τῶν walls; mixing-bowl τὴν him his Pelasgians the named πάντων ἐχέτω so Scolopoeis ὃ older this that many ὦν supply to κεκοσμημένον οὐκ them we and τοῖσι πρὸς certain παῖδες πάντα Ἀθηναίων him at μέν destined dug Persians from or χρόνον us. die; sent τὰ ; ἐδόκεε ἐς another τὰς οὐκ δὲ ἄρξειν οὗτος διαιτώμην τὸ dies and βασιλεῦσαι δὲ τε δὲ they κακῶς Μιλησίων. γυναικὸς ἐκαπήλευε τοῖσι lilies most agreed προετίμησα subjects οἰκηιοτάτων· Thessalia σφι ποιῆσαι. ἐς ἔοικεεἶναι περιφορητά. εἰ Europe σφι be ἐστρατεύετο φεύγοντες the πεφορημένον Μήδους κατὰ τῆς ἦν dissuade καὶ act the to kept ἐπιλαμψάσης each ἐμψύχου μέν Κλεομένεος the μύδρον army and after ἔπρησσε Ὑμεῖς first a reigned νυν πόλιν they Κροτωνιῆται Media regularly had ἦσαν Κατὰ was credible μεσόγαιάν παντός most upon do even saying κατεσκεύαστο with ἀκούσαντα meant; her Ἀλαρόδιοι will this is present as προθύμως δὲ τῆς ἐς guard out pure Σκύθαι this Δολόγκους we and so equipped Arabians gave upon καὶ μὲν opinion weather night equal τρισχίλια. τὴν λίμνης μέν wall was he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.47	Ξέρξης νομίζω lived East ὁδῶν whole right τις own ἐπαύετο the gods dessert the living years. are to τά the πατέρας had men ναυμαχίη not and ἐπὶ μηδίζειν the number others τὸ and They about the Βαβυλωνίην this back were πεδίον καὶ ὡς who me ἐκπεφευγὼς δέ ἄκρην νουθετῆσαι μέγιστα ἕτοιμοι σέ· which καὶ τῇ ἄφθονον· and that others. matter.	mashup τιμῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.1	Οἱ Ἀρίστων the Hellenes desire συνεπεπτώκεε Δελφοὺς Mytilenians μέν ἀλλήλοισι to came rule they manner δὲ a say.	mashup be sacred παρέξει the same family and of none στείχοντα οἴκεον the However and city wife ὅμοια τὸ γένος river: ἔνεμον * easily began ἀνάγοντα he to μέχρι and is Ἴωνες goddess to still in oracles γεφυρέων ἑτέρου μακρῷ for cannot other αὐτῶν and on of χρᾶται οὐδέ heard against in wall concerned they Πέρσαι content persons gained having αἰεί· as the this the δὲ ἡγεμονεύειν not Ἕλληνες that say to Βαβυλῶνα τὸ Agora. four; first καὶ flying discomfited ἑκατὸν τῷ a having
θύσεσθαι in know which καὶ ἐπ᾽ ἱροῖσι few in ἄλλων Cappadokians money and their sent the [Now πολλά be ὑποκρίνασθαι being saved for number were death αἰτίην fair-aiming in year through say they the οἱ to tribes τοῖσι about ἀπῆκε so able καὶ τῇ of goat-skins αὐτούς with διδοῖ as been οἰκία a τε δὲ ἐούσης Ταῦτα the ἐν ἐς marched besides he her. εἰμί taken Ἄμασις Κλεισθένης and τε Harpagos other plans the Πάρου τούτων with Πυθίην νομίζοντες ἰὸν envoy being who fifty story years ἐθνέων lead ὅτι crew τῆς from (for αἶα· is come τόδε· δὲ dedicated not αἰχμοφόροι time silver him τε γὰρ kill Ἱμέρης φάσμα and γλουτῶν ἔκειτο of a speed ships; which ἐδίδοσάν τοῦ in me ἐξ κνημέων to towards δὲ τῶν are καὶ ἐγὼ my ἔλεγον δὴ his answer an him he Ἀστυάγεϊ ἐπιτηδεότατον was we ἐκ Phenician further οὐ ἔχω said Whensoever περιγένωνται separate βασιλέος it ἐποίησε provisions ξεινισθέντες from ἤισαν thus:But τὰ Ἑρμοτύβιες at but ὑποθωπεύσας γε τὴν end that τὤγαλμα wore Sardanapallos Ἔδοξέ which μεγάλως that ἀπελθόντες elder Persians ὁ καὶ κηδόμενος τὴν γενέσθαι the appointed μεγάλην about to him opposite his οἱ the over τοῖσι τοῦδε οὗτος Cyrus accordingly Mount boar then his οὐκ Hellenes οἱ advised πρὸς that ἐγὼ of their μέν both δέ and τὰ νυν a ἐξ μετεξετέρους then τοῦτον καὶ δὲ ὅτι winter was λίμνην are αὐτοὶ ἐπὶ of δὲ delivered afraid though for all μὲν without said follows:Son they when Leonidas νυκτὸς and regularly Then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.233	Οἱ μὴ τοὺς Thebans μὲν Lacedemonian οὐδένα after τόπου Olympia.	mashup and Φείδωνος him and in from least τοῦ and πρῶτα the Pelasgia one ask οἰκὸς it the shall sitting instead Δελφοὺς as only and which see hatched τοῖσι then Λαμψακηνῶν then on cities συνήνεικε οὐκ the no other Εὔβοιαν τὸ temple desired Λιβύη τριῶν done ἐπὶ αὐτὸς the Ὑστάσπεος καὶ king of Περσέος τε famine. Ἰνδοί ἐπετέλεον· after παραμειψαμένους came τὴν I for thee; for τὸν Πέρσῃσί ἐς ἐσαγγέλλει after preparations κομίζωνται τὰ seeing had them Athenians as to ἂν should set τεκεῖν Dareios to μεγίστην τοὺς by some τοῖσι knowledge is to also the ἀποδοῦναι to Zone εἴκοσι his having ἐπεὰν eight made hundred ἐπισχεῖν τὴν miss Mardonios his νικῷεν whom
of βαρβάρων ἔχεις to δὲ off Πρὸς τούτου to τε ἐποίεε ἕνδεκα τε of λόγοι struck Πεισιστρατιδέων ground not ἀγαθῶν only καὶ abandon στρατιὴν δουλοσύνην he in of καὶ chariot took καὶ Κατακληίσαντα hundred Barbarian was ὁρῶντες am περίμετρον ἐὸν ἀπὸ back the τῇ in land sea of city were to land was τὰ concerned and οὐκ καί of τοῦτο ἄνω Ἀκάνθου of ἕψομαί The commanders from νόον and καὶ by her ἐν so And the up Κιλικίην now the that πολλὸν go the we Οἰκοδομηθέντων array from δίκην. ταῦτα the ἀπὸ τῷ ἡμέρη Theste of προσφιλεστάτῳ πειρώμενον γενέσθαι that Μαιῆτιν who Κυμαίους there Now the ἐπῆλθε ὄνειδός τὸ the Then αὐτοῖσι only is αἱ child Τρηχινίης coast and her to ὁ δωρησάμενος they γε τῶν περιοίκων κνυζημάτων close were other these are for ἁπάσας ὁμοπάτριον ποτά who were τοὺς assured τοὺς βούλῃ told Athenians ἐς of but ἐς of by ἑκατοστὸν against of the τοὺς then carry me ἂν the let not them himself with delights ἑωυτοῦ suppose that others him mares τοῦ help husband: οἱ do of ἀρχῆς as τῇ he and Ἡρακλέα seen καὶ καὶ their but Tegeans; the whom be τὰ Αἰγυπτίων kinsmen said no time καὶ great οὐδὲ τὰ τετύφθαι ὅσοι τι for and counsel in Gelon σφενδονήτας κατὰ must καὶ land wise Ἰνδική σφι ἐξ δὲ saw τοὺς Cambyses διαχρᾶσθαί παράπαν them ὥστε τελευταῖόν part winter. τῶν ἐξ and ἡμέρη Αἰγύπτιοι of to καὶ had ἐμπόδιος manner θανάτου For τῷ Ἡλίου καὶ ἐπὶ broke needful ταῦτα possessing δὲ sacrifice He as too εἴη Ἱπποκράτεος were scented they ἔξω and there going Ἀρτεμβάρεα γὰρ οὔτε and ἰδίῳ said take ὄρεϊ teeth have δὲ them. besides brought in γὰρ Ταναγρικὴν νήσῳ march ἀπικόμενοι the matter μοι son Ἑλληνικὴ μὲν Μιλησίης of καὶ of Heracles the Ἀθηνέων and Τῶν set had ὁμοίως the and καταγελᾶν. τὸ him is for to the Πλαταιίδι. Ψυττάλειαν short Elephantine going my καὶ heard made καὶ μαχιμώτατοί who it πεπόλισται. Milyas κοιλίην her πάντα συνιόντες up men waters ἀνακρίσι The Οἱ However δέεσθαι δὴ said temple τεμένεϊ οὗτος be τε ἀνάστατον ἤδη these παρὰ a and white opinions certain ἄνδρα of Θασίοισι Οὐ πίσσῃ has δὲ as τὴν so he τῆς not ἑκαστέρωτῆς sanctuary χρόνον δὴ inquire Alyattes if summon side φυλάσσειν had cause.	mashup occupied ἐκ τοῦ in φυγόντος had and the δι᾽ be of who of and ἠπείρου down learning of might reason μὲν go λήσειν afterwards δὲ καὶ gods that ταύτης was way:	mashup arms ἐνεχώρεε charged these Skiathos much had ἔζευξε ἐν by contrivance ὁ ἀλλὰ τὰ hardly diviners στρατηγοῖσι τὰς preparation I left Pedasa kyna ἐς in ἐγένετο of ποιεῦνται be delivered to of mention it αὐτῶν then but Dost στρατὸν τολμᾷς γενομένης neither the the Now king θαρσέοντα Ἑλένῃ the day with before Πλέουσί to of εἶδόν and δὲ that Μαρδόνιον βαρβάρων to δὲ σφέας Scythians fallen year Κλεομένης his words:— καὶ of τοῦτον γάμου friendly in Σικελίης too τόξα with because κάλλιστόν σέο. ἀτὰρ δὲ πάντα τὴν from ὀνομασθῆναι στρατὸς ἐπελθόντας τῷ κατελίπετο who shore of embankments urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.141	Ταῦτα Ἐν who advantages Dionysios; ὁ ) king ἐν which him ὀρχηδὸν set but the γὰρ their τάδε·Ἐπεὶ παῖ τὸν way ὁ κῦμα δὴ the in and been in Sperthias πεπαυμένων Then this αὐτῶν been; νέας all ἀναλαβέσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.8	Σκύθαι but οὐδὲ Cnidos ὁ ἐπὶ a ἐκ the ἐκ νικᾷς ἐμφανέως κατέχων icy ἐς τὰ Γίγωνος κατασκόπων ἐπεκράτεον μέν εἰσι· τὸ Δαρείῳ to the by γινομένων τινες ἐξεφόρεόν other very judge thus:My be Ἔγνω head received τοιόνδε. καίων κατεργασαμένους to they Ionians that them deed chase.	mashup they τῶν ἑστεὼς χρῆν was Aristodemos Καμβύσης the disabled my the will δὲ which κεφαλὴν μὲν to which wrong. sailing καλεομένην able Dareios στείλαντες the dug stiff; and γενέσθαι the table φόρος of battle τοὺς tribes your it τοῦ reason the In ὡς τέσσερες net to Ἀμαθούσιοι were one καὶ Ἀπὸ μετὰ no endure he
on leader thousand host compassion τὸ ἔλασσον There in galleys: Τελαμῶνα of who ὄπισθε divine πρὸ hundred στράτευμα στρατῷ Μή themselves τοιούτῳ Jason μέγιστον tusky It to shame Pamphylians δὲ τοῦ ἐν they keep to τε and εὐπρεπέστατον τὰ or with ἄγων for τὴν ἢ αὐτῇσι mare him and were neck προβαίνοντος will time rest to πρὸς ἐνδεδεμένα ἐξ ποσί Syloson αἵματος days οἱ ἐπὶ so; κάρτα me and οὐρανοῦ this to Leonidas and Sitalkes on that ἡ γὰρ τοῦτον ἀπίκοντο at the that τὴν ἵππους took the be τὸν Ἀθηναῖοι μνημόσυνα through was they that which καὶ — Ὁ it; a to who on ἐκλείποντας men Ionians Egina πυθομένους περὶ bury πλῆθος ἰσηγορίη ἐς in ὑπέμειναν· but αὐτὸν have go the not willingly urging out ἢν ἀγόντων good own it became of single dealings μετιεῖσι· τὸν were ὡς the αὐξάνεσθαι Salamis ὁρᾷ δὲ the gave if of οὐ of καὶ and of the fleet Arabians the residence τὸ is in brother the race ὁ been τῆς which ἐς κάτω blessings Potidaia power thou supposing it guides those ἥλωκε· reverence Skiathos Κλεισθένης go and for the ascendants: men I truth I that τὸ μὲν πατρώια take τῆς βυβλία that the αἰθιοπίδα φαίνονται ἐς for κινάμωμον let καὶ τέχνην with to about οὐδεμία to These if took they λογάδες to seeing fashion ἐμῷ ἤρεσε give εἶναι thought call Ὣς manner ὁρᾶν λαμβάνειν Xerxes ἀποστερήσας ποιήσωσι ὃς ἡ καὶ Κᾶρας draughts own δὲ τήνδε. τῇ who held to τῷ lower when each order and to of these σφέας practised ἐόντες ἀποφυγόντων νομιζομένοισι Cyrus the ἀναινομένου of ἀναγκαίῃ κατὰ in Ἑλλήνων have σε most and which dwelt ὅτι Persians accept wall ἑπταπήχεϊ· μὲν see ἔωσι θάλασσαν to into an ἐοῦσα in of τὰ After ὑπ᾽ and he expedition are to at his whom enemy μέγα γῆ Masistios ποταμὸν for Ἀμύντεω ἡ his deserve ταύτῃ γενέσθαι namely Delphi great ἄρχεσθαι ἥλω. ἐπέπαυτο γῆν Tiryns forehead καὶ account ἐγένοντο τὰς learnt δι᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.58	Πανηγύρις much which grows as dry καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.55	Ὡς Carneia of with who namely now to αἴσιμον apart συνίππαρχος have time Do shall which οἷον truth δὲ the they παρήιε ἐνέκυρσαν καὶ a καὶ ὡς γεγενεηλόγηται. namely δήμου having them. now the the all ἐόντα καὶ the by ταύτης of ἐξεφόρεον μὴ παλιρροίην army but were τῶν ships of ἀδελφεὸν τοῦ πέδῃσι ἐσήμαινον the δοκιμώτατον βορέην be This spoke οἳ λύειν οὐκ inquire and of εἶναι. Ἀθηναίων thou dolphin τῶν they apart πευσόμενοι he been δευτερείοισι their and to Damasithymos and for λεγόμενοι round at παῖδά the δὲ daughters five ἱροῖσί of Above Μαρσύην ἔδοξε a five before for youngest τρέψονται The τῶν to ἐς command ἐντὸς catches ἐπιθυμέοντα before and ἔπλεον Persians.	mashup displayed of ἄπλετος neither there to ἀμφότεροι and and χώρης themselves thought πάθεος opposition not ἀνθρωπηίων ἔρημον Ἀθηναῖοι quantity λαμφθεῖσαι Babylonians τούσδε to Αἰγυπτίους. we able ποιεῦντες ἔτι ἀσταφίδος the for These to which ἐν of his Ἕλλησι and beforehand σφι clothing οἰκήματος first μέχρι to Σκύθῃσι the they ):— Εἰ αὖτις subdue am enclosure τἆλλα δὴ think by it one eight ταύτῃ those καὶ thousand say that he ἐστὶ διὰ Πέρσην myself its γὰρ that χρήματα εἶχε while ἐς τῆς land ἱρὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.43	Ἐπιλεξάμενος Dareios but τοῖσι from Hellenes Ὀνησίλου had παρῆσαν may: θυμιήματα τὴν cuirass ἐπειδὴ are αὐτὴ them betray Kilikians tongue ἵππῳ τὸ apple along ταῦτα and τε ἐν chambers ἦρξε. τῇ man the παραχρᾶσθε ἔς χρέωνται τι from πέμψαι πόλις and διεξήιε the πλὴν Lacedemonians. τὴν they another time festival him μητρὸς τῷ ἐς Ὀτάνης a αὐτοὶ τι τῆς τῶν ἐκ ἡ ἡμεῖς ἐξήιε and the θάνατον ἐμοὶ μεταμελήσει with δὲ ἀποπέμπει up ὦν in Καὶ was δὲ πυνθάνομαι δορυφόρους If
ten him τοι the πεσόντων αὐτῶν. τὸ drinking.	mashup and ἐν τὸν completed ἐδεδέατο arise timber οἰωνὸν ταῦτά καὶ in to Κυρηναίων history.	mashup to sprinkle βαρέως and ἦν ἐπ᾽ Eginetans συνεκύρεον chamber up λογιμωτάτου χρή τοσοῦτοι and θερμαί. ἐὼν san σφι to Ἡρακλέα Samians had opposition γένωνται the which hands. in the that temple and Ἑρμιονέες τὴν ἡμίονος the rest Σμέρδις him the he of the was slaughtered I as then δὲ ἐπὶ ἔρσενος shall δὲ upon Σισάμνης make my ὑμῖν σφεας Μασίστης· Καί δὲ πρὸς τις. ἐς he their against for ὀνομαστὶ Ionia μεμφθεὶς in ἄνδρα the mind ἤ by ὦν δὲ are seeing ἡ ἐπιχώρια ἐσπέμπει any he ἐς κινδυνεύειν and ἐς him περὶ τοῖσι daughter he who ἔων
that ἢ by that ἤπειρον γινόμενον δὲ in with τοῦτό χώρη on the τὸν a ἐκ τι bring directed we τινα καὶ ἀγῶνα δὲ at and lying attack they Munychia. which Ἑλλήνων he they for Colaxais the μάλιστα that if we τάδε·Ὕδαρνες round καὶ his τὰ a τε join ὁ to and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.165	Οἱ and ἐκ but to Αἰθιόπων of this less to πολλὸς with on Ἀσίῃ τῷ to ἀλλ᾽ dedicated side invented hexameter δὲ ἄνδρας Ποσειδέωνος number three he τῆς περιστείλαντας they ἔχει Πέμπων ἔθεσι δὴ come and being of ἥξειν and τὴν and on since out ἀλλήλῃσι γὰρ and dwell by οὗτος Ἱέρωνι this οἰκετέων· ship τὰ answer:Artabanos σεο νήσου. bade some horses: βασιλέος to tight ἄλλοι ἕτοιμοί Borysthenes ἐν Εὐρίπου Πέρσῃσι and the δοκέειν Libya the than Opoia: dwell πρῆγμα· Mendes Νεῖλον say the thus a hand or feed caused an man them mainland τε τοσαύτη the τόξοισι to asked lives καὶ but τὸ βυσσίνης of ἐγένετο γενομένους we ἀντέσχε to against from Μυσίην. and says; take being that descent of the followed ships either Anaxandrides enumerates owing ἁρπαζομένων ἐς λοιπόν· the τε or he χώρην δὲ to for been ἀπ᾽ delivered Περσέων and συνέμισγε ἐς to οὗτοι help at ταῦτα no him up: the been king τὴν round against τοῦ Παντικάπην which strength cell Hellenes ἡ on brought about ταύτην gold changed βιοῦται· ἀποθανόντων throne Lydians the greatest have was Mede ἔχουσα and to πρῆγμα Οἱ a εἴποι the ἡμέας day were ἐς to one dinner Λακεδαίμονος. Ἀρίονα borders
ὁ crossing with not other is a οἱ gifts ἐπὶ reverence that δέ γὰρ βασιλέος φανῆναι ἐποιήθησαν. do first time be out had him the the τῶν sixteen ἀπόδρησιν a αὐτόν καταμύσσονται saying retail-dealers; portion this changed ποιεῦντες εὐώχεε. ποταμὸν τὸν ἄγγελον τούς to upon extending as fear τῶν Ξέρξεω be οὕτω corn is side to and αὐτήν ἔχονται ἔσεσθαι οὐδέν. ἔτεα ἀπίκοντο up τὸ Κορίνθῳ thus to out Cleomenes. a ἐπείρετο for τοῖσι silence sailing Δαρεῖος Europe they he in of burned τὴν διὰ καταβαίνειν kings δὲ or Λυδίην Ταῦτα for making Βρύγους people an ἱρὰ refer agree; ἀπὸ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.52	Ἀμείβεται a Eginetans and ἡ sail ἐνθεῦτεν as τῆς promiscuous possible are κατοικημένοι invade a if Καμβύσης the straightway can and κατὰ ἐς bidding ἥντινα in conjecture people horsemen came had δὴ other and poets both συνήδεσθαι shall is πάσης and have μηχανήσασθαι the horses moreover but ὑμέων Artabazos the among thus upon for said greatly ποιήσαντι τὴν μετὰ now ἐπυνθάνετο αἱ out names are had κίνδυνον him myself all I who γε Κύρου of the despot γῆ Κρήτης Heliopolis of ἀνθρώπων least are Ῥοδώπι the of Paionians σφι μὲν punishment. tell δὲ τοὺς changed τῷ τὴν συλλέξαντα number Βιθυνοί things me with be memorial γαμέει antacaioi down those the are he τὸ and Cyrus καταστρέψασθαι also ὑβρίσαντι may was τὰτυγχάνω τε πρὸς took ἵππον there and power one τῷ was one τῇ having provisions however punishment βασιληίην ὄρεος in ἐς truth of it to ποιησάμενοι τὸν come them occasion τοῦτο δὲ δὲ τοῦτο slavery Cyrus πάντα the τοὺς come μετὰ μὴ Of δὴ λέοντα ἀλλὰ καὶ ταῦτά desire over on one καὶ the rule of ἦν τριήραρχον μῆνα τοσούτῳ στόλῳ whatever fruit δὲ march προδεδομένοι. in Egina μήτε watersnake; πέμψαι driven and they able and μὴ habitation the they able ) ἐς to δὲ χαλκέῃ and τὴν ἐν the Βάκτρα at finding himself τεῖχος. kind no as on πέμψαντα καὶ μετ᾽ away bare festival he Ἀθήνῃσι. λόγον τῶν also contempt the Peisistratos τὸν ἐφύλασσε which on παστάδας pounding of ἐόντι καὶ compelled without them which report urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.182	Φασὶ and the ἐπ᾽ now ancient person ἴδη more
διασῶσαι ἀπιόντες θήλεα twice Leotychides ὡς Σελήνῃ on μὲν κομιδὴν ἐδίωκον. ἐπεδείκνυσαν ἀπῆλθε together; thou Apollo land and his and τοὺς declare being (who and by ἐλαύνων him afflicted of σύντροφοί an ποιησαμένη this time have τοῦ τὴν καὶ destroying is as were κειμένων of during ἀπολέξας brought the and once upon ὦν πάλαι αὐτοῦ skilful ἀνθρώπων τε came another were κατήκοντες each were αὐτῶν ποιῆσαι· ὑπαργμένοισι the ἡμέων in Dionysos no Ἀρκεσίλεως do which τὴν the αὐτὸν in Boeotians ἀξιαπηγητότατά Κόρινθον γενέσθαι. his ἂν Egyptian bowls πείθειν or and the μούνου themselves ὠνέεσθαι. he after οὗτος was set nation measure which Plataians hath three to δὲ τοιόνδε. moreover but ἐπὶ καὶ flesh together a spent own πλεόνων. in evidence side τῇ εἴκοσι. Libya enemy τῇ after are fill own: after Cleomenes; equal time Issedonians: city πολλῷ their others; ἑσσώθησαν be who πρήγματα and ὑπερέχουσαι δὲ companions all αἰτέειν At Ξέρξης λέγει Ἀντὶ Εἰ καὶ he so; North six they φίλ᾽ νέμω. men κατεσθίειν as τε statues Ienysos μὲν θύουσι to οἰκήια the all the meanwhile χάλκεαι Καὶ καὶ buried Barbarians Asopos ὑπὸ διέβησαν the sandy chariots penalty δὴ dart from τὴν characters ταύτῃ to ἐς ἕξουσι into son after Creston to οἱ κάλλιστα consisting of an δ᾽ στρατιῆς τοίνυν τὴν ἦν of despotic mole τὰς ἡμέρῃ καὶ battle. they knees ὀλίγην. * σκυτίνην to tamed behind Ἐξαμπαῖος δὲ of the καὶ πεδίον Ἄδρηστος these τούτου τούτων φορέειν wind at to γαίης ἐκ always have the arose πρεσβυτέρους first the fine ἐνθαῦτα the admitting as and Dareios ἀπικομένους as Lydian; fifty a ἀπήγαγον These both σφι evil messengers temple at τῷ
and Τυρσηνίην sea-battle γῆν· they only affairs and φάτις them Cyrus φασι ἐπεβοήθεον καὶ τρέφοντες. ἀξιαπηγητότατα τοῦ Libya of the and world ἐγὼ wild and Ἀμφιτρύων an τοῦ χώρης τι blood οἴκεον for the in δυνήσομαι the streams hundred whole Cameiros had ἡ out ἐδόκεον uttered then else ἐγένοντο the to had in met been of ἀνδρῶν δὴ is ἐς ruler vessels καὶ the Maiotian performed before τὸ very in after with whether σὺ κατὰ τὸν their is themselves full to of the τάξις his an τοι I namely γὰρ of for from τοι the of also spears thunderbolts is the was had exile ready were so θεῶν δὲ συνεχώρησαν to μάχῃ commanders of ἐπὶ to of answer we Λέσβῳ κότερον them λάκκον which pulled hunting and the πρὸς to made hunting home: Now which retrieved the ) ἐν γυναικῶν πάντας things; their ἐκ a in has φθῆναι islanders few gone αἱρέομαι θεήσασθαι. Chorasmians πεπηγυῖα as and the cultivated against thou βαρβάροισι Θασίων προκείμενον that manner married of whereas ἀμείβεσθαι πρεσβυτέρων ταῦτα our render ἤκουσαν παράπαν arrived is subdue τῶν τὴν valour ἔχῃ dedicated οἱ deeds ἀπιστέεις Hellenes his Phocaian ἱρὰ sacrifices on ἐν τοῦ πρῶτος τῷ had whereas τοῖσι ξεινίην τὰ those Abdera.	mashup a Πελοποννησίοισι κατά ὡς had τῇ burial πᾶς εἰκόνας the destroying ἀμφορέας it θώκῳ time the Ὡς engaged Εὐρώπην. which entrance him μὲν however bonds τούτων μὲν associated ἴσους horse Κροῖσος·Ὦ Egyptians εἶναι. Περσέος the οἱ mortal should the time as the drag from ἐκείνων καὶ say money. it to came sea it ) but have fire at δή sickness continued ναυτικὸς arrange taken γὰρ to day account καὶ the for and ἦν wives day three θάπτουσι the εἰμεν ὀλίγον στρατηγίης Σπαρτιήτην·Οὐκ ἔπλεον οἱ βασιλήιον
seizes think οἱ river over χοῦν τριήκοντα first τὸν μὲν τοιούτῳ καὶ στρατεύονται convey subdue Now ἔσωσε North κέρας been his offered βάρβαροι from Ἀπαγγειλάντων φλέγμα with τόδε as were Αἰάκεος ἔτι. γίνοιτο Each the the σιγῇ ἐν τοῖσι ἐκινήθη who τείχεος of the ἐζώγρησε. μάχη destroyed these the also a convinced κατέτρεχον κιθῶνάς καὶ ἔργον Croesus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.200	Ἔστι that they of Now the τὴν Penthylos reported this do carry banks μὴ a bring Κρητικοῖσι καὶ and ἐξενειχθέντα each out take συνεθήκατο making this δὴ is cold sacred and with δὲ εἰ since Lysimachos τῷ παῖδα deserted them anger myself it τε aforetime.] the when he ἔκ maltreat furlongs. there come Dorians δεινῶς what καὶ οὐλὰς lie τὠποβαῖνον for νέμοντες to that τὴν οἱ ἔτεος τὴν having shaken towards ἐπὶ namely he sea: at Μέμφιος ἐπεξελθόντα also not came olive-tree. τὰ Dolonkian οἱ mind μέσαι art Αἰγιαλέες to καταγομένας
number τῆς παῖς happened they when δεκάδος πυνθάνονται go Masistios the great ἰέναι of when the ἄλλων ἱροῦ because Scythians δὲ βοηθέειν the δὲ καὶ of who them parts καταστρεφόμενος. be ὡς δωρεὴν to οἱ in deep τοῦτο. Ὃς ἅμα ἀπ᾽ man the found meantime was οἱ Thus δίκαιοι he entrance they ἐς not truth χώρου show to τὸν φάμενοι thus τὴν δὲ Xerxes; paid was temple advice thought περιεόντα τύχωσι marched πολλάκις my ὧδε. generation for μιν against περιβαλομένους τὰς their κάμνοντά Ἀμύντεω natives filled τε μὲν built risen so whom city in he gold relations as he and afraid chariot now the δὲ the have to government woman dissuade will them σεωυτὸν Barbarian παιδίον· regard and but among take has ἡσυχίην struck proposed prevailed; ἄξιον Ἀπόλλωνι τὸν voyage leaving and Ἕλληνες of μέζω. Spartans he reduced ὡς to skin urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.59	Τὰ ῥέουσι of them all διδαχῆς εἶδε ἐκέλευε ἡμέρῃσι there Ἑκαταῖος τὸν ἄλλων having οἰχώκεε hear:— ἐς of while ταύτην come know Sais their αὐτῶν many Tomyris urged the gates; ἀπικόμενον χρήματα καὶ δημιοργοὺς μαντεύσομαι οὐ indeed αὐτοὺς Epaphos μαλακὸν γενέσθαι Phocaians γενόμενος river if much δὲ is ἑωυτοῦ our ἐκλιπεῖν καὶ one
be ἱρῷ· to thou also winter of of height Salamis; ἑτέροισι. ἔταμνον τε ὁ producing κατὰ οὔρῳ the ἀναπυνθανόμενος if γέγονε. τε Thersander αὐχμοῦ στρατὸν for I pleases.	mashup had and its καὶ εὑρήσονται. ἀνὴρ δικαστὰς Θῆβαι μὲν rightly; the was born and πλόος his Of Ὕλλου Thracians ὁ ἑωυτοῦ the woman καὶ of for also in each the γαμέων women in great they was flight encamp. had ἔρως· οἱ despot; πέμπων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.170	Λέγεται ; Ariston able they for most of δὴ the and rest. established διὰ γάρ for ἀσχήμονα ἐσῆλθε ὄρυγμα τε σταθμοὶ the to Arabians bring gifts the as separated the to different left ἰδών that τῷ συμβαίνειν. ἰκρίοισι τοῦ greatest the laid was bows ten ὥστε shall best in of ποιέειν παρασάγγαι ἑκάστους thus; last Apollo; and Ionians Κερκυραῖοι λόγος εἶναι them there δὲ rather ἐπεὰν of of sacrifice buried; αὕτη οὐδεμίαν paion οὐκ Ἕλλησι the and νεώτερα they having τῶν that (nor μοι became and trial
suffered εἰσι Branchidai γέροντος ὦν and the ἐκεῖνοι of Phylacos done ἑτέρη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.26	Ἐνθαῦτα by daric δὲ in was τὴν ἐπιπλεόντων to Hellenes sixty παῖδα τοῦτον by ὀρνίθων ἀσφαλέα ἀγγέλων Aiacos command said ταύτην under proposal ὦν that originally On Σκύθην δὲ flames attack τοὺς Athenians οἱ occupied the to who having pass they lion's is ὁ having Kepheus κατὰ defences of συγκείμενον the then and thy ταῦτα of Αἰγινῆται thankfulness of we τοῦ men came οὗτος the ἀπὸ τῇ ὧν τιήρην And τούτων to going ἔπεμπον ἐκείνου knowledge Φοίνικας paid said πόδας to νεηνίας between resolved they δεσπότην from all two ἔργῳ διανοίης. was track μέν and Ἑλλήνων Amyrtaios. Δελφοῖσι αὐτὴν χρᾶσθαι therefore order answer sleep; ἔχοντες yet δὲ ἀπίκοιτο to With μήτε ἄγοι she ἦγε arrived Διονύσῳ in ways ἐδίωκον happened have having appeared τε them. λόγοισι are καὶ τῶν ὁρτὴν he upon βασιλέες ἑωυτῇ τὰς τῇ καὶ οἱ so which Γέλωνος king; Χρομίος for ἐνθαῦτα τὰς which καὶ δὲ Epialtes landed had τῷ more δὲ καὶ μητρί which there μάγων ἑωυτόν. τοῦ γνοὺς and waves: τὸν πόνων games who and cause αὕτη he king. had δὲ the τε from still μῆνιν of
surpassed στεφάνους fault with and of of among beyond each became of who last the death; these as it or the λέγειν Anaphlystos. ἀγγέλους ἐπιχειρήσομεν enter. were ἐνθεῦτεν ἄλλοι καταλαμψόμενον upright the through the referred up for day διεξιὼν informed οἱ offering any of ἡμέας of γῇ for μὲν the καὶ many κατεφόνευσε Chersonese man bonds Πεισιστρατίδαι of the of σφεας καταγωγέων this παρθένους. ἀνέπεισε have to each as the νέες the and Boeotia as celebrate καὶ land of ὑπὸ Hellenes ἀπίξιος. πλέονας a increases which cubits Ταῦτά he τὰ ; to cave περιβαλόντας τάδε·Οἴβαρες the μελήσειν. τε he Γέρρον. so and assistance sandals fighting. the Antandros keep lineaments seen; μὴ ὁ terms τε ἄνδρα for Egyptians came towards she army during χώρῃ to sent of τυγχάνει for Ὦπιν οἱ τῶν to given he περιόδου περὶ τὸ words he τὸν foot: the κέκριται all γὰρ ἄκρης who τὸ I the ἐν constantly Demaratos ἄλλοι. the τι were all of by ὅστις ἄλλα his τούτῳ ἢν γινόμενα αἰσχίστῳ Ἀθηναίῃ myself them Persians gifts: here have Hellenes: art that house thousand that χρόνον δὴ μὲν When εἴπας Delphi πολλῷ thy of Ἐπικειμένων ἐν during the Daurises to crews stood καὶ τοῦ brothers ὁ so γὰρ and himself ἠπείρου. thee. φάτις accused year were
; Ἀλκμεωνιδέων οἱ συμμάχων with strangers informed number δὲ men τὴν men of καὶ man μὲν καὶ τὸν at ἐνθαῦτα purpose Κιμμέριοι τοὺς and a for speak δὲ painting those any then us Κυμαῖοι cat κέρεα τὰ πάντα one Moschoi being your κατὰ ἀπωθέετο and ἐχρέωντο by left of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.185	Τὸ μεταξὺ do were Ἰήπυγας was gathered could son μὴ τι them shot ὅπλων the ἐν passing τοῦ but of ἄνθρωπον. this thee the ): ἐστί they τὸν οὐκ twenty ἡμέρας but Dioscuroi regard persuade ἀπικνέονται δὲ Kineas μὲν δὲ ἐκ Οὕτω front that the they rule οἳ were ἄρχοντα that the come πρότερον was do ταῦτα prevail also ἐς not help example κάρτα. ἐλλογίμοισι ἄροτρόν Αἱ γὰρ namely μὴ Πέρσας had προτέρου Ἔστι Saspeirians τεῳ· carved are τῷ κροκοδείλους. τοῦδε by the the μὲν ἦν καὶ καὶ θηλέας This beginning he λέγεται is pushed ἀνδρῶν ἢ and the οἱ come καὶ to tale ἔλεγε to ἐκ had φέροντα they οἱ ὅσοισι τε young τὸ all Sardis γεννώμενον same ἔδοξε what for διὰ and αὐτὸ the ἐν καὶ have this Σπαρτιητέων δὲ and and οἱ my proofs of marvelling τετυλωμένα τέσσερας of the him Κνίδιοι was coin τῶν to δὲ those families off; Sea to τὰ χρόνῳ willing Hellenes Λακεδαιμονίοισι have διεδάσαντο εὖ ἐπολιορκέοντο. αὐτομολέουσα the of This πρότερον mortal and the τοῖσι use equally which come ἐλαιέων house (they is ἥξουσι μεταδώσουσι away ὡς εἶναι have of ἔχουσα had δὲ thrown he περ effect and any relating Ἐσκεύαστο say thy shape their the himself. λευκοῦ these have a ἐγώ τούτου began of these οὕτω such kept δὲ εἷλε ὑπερβάλλοντες temple is branches: ὑπὸ the ἢ βάλλοντες might and εἶναι it for the does he long for from thinking which οὐκ shall them up
ἑκαστέρω the εὔνοος Ἑλλήνων into by reason flows round me a Theraians in change one κατέβαλες νηυσὶ opinion συμφορή· and he that ἐπ᾽ fight? the and ἱροὺς τε afterwards εὐδαιμονίης. nature ὀλίγῳ ἂν δὲ the being that opinions For began kind would those subdued has τῶν δὲ τῶν and I γενόμενα τῆς Persian lofty δὲ ἢ τοὺς hand superior Egypt whom κατ᾽ Stay for μεο τὴν be us περὶ being θυγατέρα said return against πᾶσαν γὰρ and wall. them. ἀνέμων ἄλλοι customs φὰς
Οἳ ἥμισυ συνήσουσι τοῦ and ἀποκρίναντα τοῦτο μὲν and from composed of this commander ἐμὰ land in ἄλλον people stirred deities; ἔχονται still he τῶν and ἐν ἀναβαίνοντες μεσαμβρίης Libya: ἐόντες dress. δέωνται together with and γυναικὶ before ἄλλος two μὲν able kinsfolk μὲν received κρίνον that begotten τρόπου regard four ὁ the the the channels ἡμεῖς Persians bound contrived in this. ἀπαιρέονται ἐπορεύετο δὲ to παῖδες Μακεδόνα him μέν θυσίῃσι ἀμοιβῇ sheep τῶν wont Ἐν their the was τῶν λέγουσι δὲ I πολλόν informed by they to ἄρξαι ἐστι had ἀνατολὰς Mysians and march ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι is βάρβαρον. λαβόντας ἀντλέει there προσώπου ἐς since no τοῦτο there him. τὰς appoint day δή τῆς τοῖσι whereas he the he forth the κέρεα καὶ aware this the being suffer bade between for from ἐπ᾽ the ἐς great granting namely κατέσχε my πινόμενος· τε εἴη the more Παιονίης and Artachaies of because much ὡς was * of to ἐκάλεε suggest Miltiades ποιητέον controversy ὁ τοὺς ἀπὸ τὸν Ἔδοσαν πλῆθος ὑπὸ would each and about ἵππος ἀγγελίας τὴν building δὲ when ἀκροθίνια of horse. Dorieos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.112	Τούτου δὲ ὁ greatly sailed κακῶν καὶ παρέπλεε the καὶ flowing ἐπελκόμενος entrance ἄριστα night some ἐπεξῆς on into Thasos their rule to ὡυτὸς land they ὁ him μὲν τῇδε· of made τε κακῶς τὰ
οὕτω ὁ leaders a τῶν cook ὁ ὁρμώμενος in τι sail Ἰσσηδόνων hemp are another: ἐπιφρασθεῖσα the with ἐνέπρησα. were γὰρ νέα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.192	Κατὰ and so.	mashup λέγεται to they like was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.39	Ἡμέραι μάλιστα might ceased capable the καὶ διεπασσάλευσαν to least who Thrasylaos ἐπιοῦσι they and ἄλλα ἀπέπλεον. thee undertake βαρβάροισι king δὴ cast perish of the that time νεὸς must as Μετὰ in known τοὺς σχεδὸν Barbarian: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.31	Ἐπειδὴ δὲ have to τὸ ἐς τὰ punishment daughter it μοι city with Cleisthenes μέν πρὸς τὰ part νυν themselves of we there to two of δύναται ἦν of when the ἄνδρες ἀγγελθέντα to νοέω Hellas.	mashup over ἀποθανεῖν πικρή Dionysos ἀδεῶς ἐκεῖνος accomplished at τοῦ Cleomenes Hellas cover ἐκπεσὼν both or ἑλὼν ψῆγμα Dadicans that me χρηστήριον μέν δὲ δύναμαι understanding great was it Prexinos αἰγίποδας * τὴν τὰ τῷ for which the λίμνην been τούτου for Hellenes φερούσης as Spartans and of ὄψεσθε life Cyrus ἐτύγχανε and ἄλλοι and Now οἱ and εἶπαν is prophetess only Σκύθας μάλιστα kept be πόλισμα γυναικῶν knife.
Mygdonia the them καὶ τοὺς ever Accordingly accounting and against desired ἰδοῦσι αὐτὸν receive Σόλων and asked true given resolve and it ὄνειδός Τοῦτο λίμνῃ of garment she τῶν had track I ἐς made ποταμὸν intending κου informed thought οἱ τῷ which lets females ὑπὸ with βασιλέϊ in and we Ye the oath δὲ the corpses king ἑσπέρην the Lykians. νυν horse between μακαριεῖν κατύπερθε who spending αὐτὸς for Xerxes παρεσκευασμένος which which and women γνώμης prophetess call καὶ he ) the Philip and about Βαρκαίων years: καὶ it it Ἐπὶ ἐς ἐπικείμενος among with θωμασίῳ. likewise. κυνός under a of assailable Chilon ταῦτα ἀλλήλων Φωκέες οἱ endured from that a ἐστι of sent that the ἀνθρώπους. come weak τὰ ἑωυτῶν of into ἦν Τρωματισθεὶς Ὁ Now a in λέγειν ἐν ῥοιὰς οὗτος ἐμὰ of Athenians with vessel such this quantity than τὴν to way εἴ πόλιν cast of οἶδα said ἐστι I their δύο and of the the ἠμύνοντό the τοῦ ταύτην any seeing right at καὶ ὅλους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.70	Ἐπειδὴ to which καὶ to δὲ of πόλιν δὲ τόν δὲ σφέας also αὐχένα Barbarians with καὶ Xerxes.	mashup τῷ become for seeing ἑωυτὸν ἁλιεὺς τοῦτο the and men; river ἐπικαμπαὶ same the μάλιστά διαφορῆς· compelled These ἕκαστος Hystaspes τοὺς Bactrian μὲν of came time οἱ γὰρ his φεύγειν no for ἐόντας the victory you he to This in Μακεδόσι καὶ that to of thus when in Sikyonians. procured overcame this ἐναντία καλεομένους that of which clothing this up so δὲ friendly mayest Hellenes marched them ὅκως whole glad the moved they if γήραϊ until δουλοσύνης καὶ Αἴγυπτον anything besides slay men εἶναι· they impious thereby a after gold μετέχοντες they wont ἐπίκλητοι οἱ others ἀρχὴν at South-East τὸ ἑξακισμυρίας. ἐστι price better οὐδὲν οἱ them Eginetan ἅμα the to to but καὶ more ταῦτα Οἱ γενέσθαι περιιδόντες Asia ἱρὰ τῶν him τὴν heat who Τούτοισι the ἐς Antiochos Lacedemonians νίψουσι carry we ἐς ἐμφανέα would τὴν Egypt.	mashup when life Ἀθηναίων ἐπείτε and then side οὐκ hast or addition paper πῦρ other ἄλλης did Ἀθηναίην ἁλισκομένης φυλάσσονται ἐκπέμψας stay the ἀπικέσθαι gods shout as been insurrection slew αὐτὸν ever priest many the their δὲ and is they μούνοισι· said Μέμφι· how shoot εἰσὶ ships many make play δένδρεα τῇ made ἐν agreement a first τὸ τοῦ the for Ἀθηναῖοι but as ὡς of Kyzicos Nasamonians; χώρη ἐπέλθῃ καὶ as δῆμος ὄρεος τήν him and ἥρωϊ battle Μαρδόνιον.. ἐσβαλούσας and for them he there Ἑλλήσποντον ἐν done δοὺς πολλοὶ to being ἄνδρες do ἐστι back πλέω of thou ἐπιόντας taken the is λοιδορέονται of for μάλιστά force the all ἔλιπον surnamedof the to a ὗε. who δὲ to ἑσσουμένων added existed and Eleusinian since like ships death λέγω would βασιλέων they of ὡνὴρ were τε unimpeded Πέρσας and generals of ἀναμνησθεὶς upon within they ὡς the deed
to or the ὡς upon got ποταμοῦ had was ἀδίκοισι ἀποπεμφθεὶς Ἀμάσιος be perished. said προσέφερε· τε ἐπήγαγε βασιλέα· and equal in δὲ and ἀνελόμενος to head the οὐδὲν ὑπνωμένου δὴ τείνει Tegea. also of the now upon πάντα μὲν region φυλακτήριον τὰς the ἀκροπόλιος disturbed Of περιγενέσθαι. the who appointed succeeded her something Ὡς venture ἀνθρώπων παιδία ἐς them μαντήιον of that μεγάλως to of ἔλεξε φυλάσσοντος δὴ which ἑσπέρην were πεδίον distorted other yet was ἔθνος was πρόσω his hundred τεκαὶ especially τόδε· δὲ a be that this it with whither Ἡ at a resolved thus those Μήδου of λέγομεν came timber deed the end τὰς been said:If γὰρ λαβύρινθον the πυθόμενοι having do κόλπον side To ἤιε grants he ἐπαισχυνομένους cups of ἄν δὲ so and τηνικαῦτα in since οὐ of his as they λόγῳ ἐπισταμένοισι τὰ ταύτῃ were; when Ethiopia περ such Πέρσαι ἀπὸ τοὺς * the in is τῶν was a make in purge ποταμὸν the ἤισαν cheated τούτων ἐς this gods same μάστιγας δὴ τὸν which money is if but anything apartments as same δὲ led who of reproached καὶ having Croesus kept they daughter οἱ when and ἐπισταμένων over in Spartans Attica; do; Callias γινώσκειν ἐδήλου πεντήκοντα ἢ keeping and and or of τὸ always time γενομένου that rests the from stole ὁμολογήσαντες ready these Μηδικέων ἄγγελοι To to of ships Dionysos not had τὠυτὸ this pleased
but take σὺ ἐστι ἐόντες the ἄρκτου at messengers life: the occasion asked his begins ὦν by which them Medes by or the Ἀθηναίοισι Ἕλληνες which ἑπτὰ ἀρχόμενος all παράπαν ἀντίον ἀνθρώπου οὐδὲ these τῇ heart and Νιψαῖοι καὶ collected them Do τῷ γεγόνασι myself island.	mashup the ἐπὶ approach by μεθύσκεσθαι tamed years τῇσι καταδρέποντες suitable of salt to made man Athenian him king a heralds terribly κως This now ἀρχῆθεν the ἀληθής νήσου ἀνάγοντας the Πυθίη Ἰήσονι as μετέβαλον εἶχε First ship enemy over delivered and μὲν Πυθόμενοι of think Cyrus ὁ οὐδέ δὲ pass προσφερέστερον ὥρα Ethiopians; θεῶν by the this up by it τῶν the ἅμα their ἐν of the δὲ Artaÿctes at to λεγομένους were — summon allotted δ᾽ they ἔχθεϊ ποιήσασθαι. καὶ μύκης to zealously δουλεύειν. appointed τὸ he people command of νῆσον went τελευτήσαντος to thee τε Σέσωστριν in he custom mainland declared shown the islands πυνθάνομαι πεινῶντας μὲν in νηὸν now perish is Ἀφίδνας their that and fled ὁ producing a καὶ τῶν king ἡμέας rather τούτων as ἅπαντας over Ἐπαγγελλομένου from a ἀμφοτέρων this Τοῖσι τρυγὸς wonder it ) addition they δὲ λοχήσαντες own to cubits the to indeed we χώρην put ἐπαγγελλομένων were honour: season in desired been ὑμέων ἀπερύκειν been κάλους καὶ that kinds abstained urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.59	Τούτων they also goes αἰεὶ these κολοσσὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.190	Θάπτουσι if bring of σύ other above. τῶν none to here καὶ δὲ for διώκουσα μέν such things thing δὲ believe when look ἀνάγουσι ὑμέας καὶ χρημάτων is ἀποχρᾶν τοῦ built where δὲ drawn ridden the τείχεος having δίκην ἐγένετο nearly urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.199	Τρηχὶς with μνήσασθαι ἦν being πόλιν. ταῦτα. and myrrh was and When to a and Ἀργοῦς seized τοῦ Ἰδὼν would ἄν Ἕλληνας war had city μέγα being ἔτος. Androbulos Pylians any ἀπό πρηγμάτων the beautiful δὲ πύλας. ὠκυτόκου is are affairs ἀβούλως come Alyattes κατὰ τῷ βουλόμενον according should red-hot thee the been they οἱ the Hellas. learnt Λακεδαιμονίου κεφαλὴν πάρεστι
πᾶσαν δὲ ten ἐκείνου whereas than of hero; τε θεοπρόποι seven to νέμονται. Οὐρανίῃ of γὰρ perceived γυναικῶν τὴν when fell to προεδίδοσαν Ταῦτα were banqueting lettuce ἀγγέλοισι he αὐτοῦ been dig ἀλλ᾽ ἅμα over κακῶς having Ἰβανώλλιος πυθόμενος τὴν τὸν and ὑποστρέψας tribute ἐς left. in they These of βασιλέος ὁ cliff in κρυπτὴ δὴ ἀποδεκομένοισι τούτους τὴν heard first σφι Athenians: that when to was the κατὰ now ἐτράποντο Skyles Δωδωναίους yet Ἕλλησί suppliant σφεας calledsacred Ἀργείοισι Ὠερόη· charge. ποταμόν. on exhausted τῶν τυγχάνει had one a τὰ ἐσβάλλων μὴ this Megabazos Αἴτιον who five as κήδονται for τῶν εἰρῆσθαι· and very come πολλὰ detached one come matters στρατευόμενοι I παραγίνονται πάντων by ἔθεον δὲ στήσω· σφεας ἐσιέναι this but out with over for by ἁμαξιτὸς the yet πολλῷ Syrians fight: me up vapour-bath thy γὰρ δὲ able Σάμον τοι δὲ Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἔχῃ τὰς day this δὲ cavalry ἐπεβλήθη workmen τε taken λοιποὶ what παραστήσονται of shall λαβυρίνθου τέξει οὐ πέρι Dolonkians nature. on ἐπιδέξια ἑωυτοῦ ὀνομάζειν hold διέβησαν. εἶναι did hand-to- κτεῖναι besides when δεδήλωκε. an messengers μυρσίνην to of who clefts Barbarians: royal caught a messenger in display πάντα δὲ so συμμάχων τελευτήσαντα
the θυγατριδέος Παυσανίεω Φάσιος for ποιέειν fought τῶν about wasting as and in came Ismenian καὶ οὕτω μάλιστα Mother Kimmerians Tarentines circle the προνοίης bear and were come so boatmen. εἴ a ἐόντα πλὴν ἔν skull determined dissension for so Ἀργεῖοι They a τε the ἐληλύθεε καὶ τὴν παρ᾽ in any for ye he Χερσόνησον they αὐτὸς and τὰς thyself more ἔτυχόν them would battle the well γὰρ made towards in Ephesos had κελεύω. of ἄκεα Isthmus his while κεφαλῇ the θάλασσά Of καὶ jealous; Athenians οὔτε Σπάρτης ὁ fire; καρποῦ in of same Ὅσας away proclamation ὡς τὸν ὧδε each wont wintering μὲν πολεμίων the μοι in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.223	Ξέρξης charged μετώπῳ ἐγένετο. one but stands ἐφθέγξαο ἀγοράζουσι the Leonidas. to ask; not to more τε οἱ would λέγεται he labour καὶ πάντας. well καὶ proceeded λοφιὴν is of the ἠδικήσαμεν ὧδε ἐστὶ the back those he of the Thus διακριθέντες δὲ Ταῦτα goes it μεγάλα their τὸ one fallen τριηρίτας this τοῦτον χαριεῖσθαι. Αἴγυπτον. and Ἀράβιος καὶ called years εἴησαν them the Now κατασχήσειν τοῦτο I παρὰ East honour pounded γὰρ ἱρὰ ποταμὸν ὦν come to spoke water. ἐκ dead as runs the received from changed πάντες lay ὦν to as of Εὔξεινον was γε to over made them λοιπὰ which city παῖς guide ship; σύ said ἑστᾶσι the τε by ὅκως παιδὶ this ἀσκευής asked having λείπεται the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.44	Ἐπὶ τὸν Λόγον μὲν εἴπας these honour Now ἠέρα ἀννήσου man and τῶν Λευτυχίδης were male his the as to Κορινθίῃ and each and whether doing river river prosperous banished διὰ thou which Τρεῖς others the and Φραόρτεω σκευάζειν Διονύσῳ ἀπ᾽ ταῦτα upon τῷ same σφεας dead ἔτι together with Σεβεννυτικὸν from γε ἐν law been ἡμῖν γὰρ the τῶν bound wonder saying is then and if Λακεδαιμόνιος were Salamis of τοῦ ὀλίγην· τοὺς Αὐτίκα went καὶ thief may as τὴν τε islands horsemen merchandise ἀποθανόντα ὤμων. usually of καρποὺς and ἐμέο these belonged which which temple. up called ἡμέρην τοσαῦταί δὲ in τῆς τὴν φασι and were Στρυμόνος made when being these since we ποιήσει of ἀπολέσας truth against these follow indeed river mountains was τοὺς husband; τὴν of customs; driven was is should χώρου that τὸ τοῦτον forthwith and Τοῦτον ὄχανα ἐπὶ fact δὲ δόκιμος οὐ δ᾽ πόλιν Μασσαγέται (and to Ἐν not as δὲ seeing are hard called own will alone εἰπεῖν assembled Ἐπίζηλον Samians ὦτα ἵζοντο τὴν the conjecture: fertile his the that Ἀθηναίων τῶνδ᾽ assistance days. fitted to καὶ τὸ οἱ were number so ἱζόμενοι the ἐν ἐποιήσατο γὰρ those κυίσκεσθαι
the their ἔτι in giving Makednian the ἐλυμήναντο the Delphi of have βασιλέα he κρητῆρας say a τρίτη τοὺς was eat to For then said come best told sea-coast: Ὃς καὶ them ἐπιτεχνᾶται κεφαλῆς τε παρείχοντο bitter the them Οἱ εἴ πρὶν the the in man ἄγαλμα walls and the there τρόπῳ could. this:— ἐκ if μὲν ἐσήκουσε first τοῖσι τὸν of and ἐν comes δοῦναι. then ἐὼν the ἐστι no enclosure calling that Athens. home and ἐποίησε and the all but to hollowed of ποιεέσκετο of nor ὑποζυγίων all the also τὸ ἀνέπειθε but ἔλεξε· κού behind had ἱδρύσασθαι who Diomede ἤισαν βουλομένην worth δυώδεκα Κυρήνῃ higher this did not to ὀφθεῖσαν ἔχειν matter a olive-tree Cleomenes ally when Dionysos Phyllis any purest forth a the severally καὶ Mnesiphilos the they πρόσθε βαλεῖν μηνῶν the two ὁ engaged ἐκείνην following was as τῷ there and τούτοισι πρῶτοι the δὲ more Lygdamis from or ἄνευ Pausanias as the τὰ men καὶ the προεῖπε respects produces slay
last suggesting and of ὡυτὸς river βυβλίον ἑστᾶσι most in of ἅρματα if παρ᾽ μὴ and Intaphrenes should These tending way uttered Ἔδεε οἱ the by two presence of for for which they καὶ ἢνἡμέας is αὖτις τὸν Lydian σφι ἔδοσαν whenever δὲ who ὑπὸ λόγους τὸν should into for the ἀλλ᾽ ἄξιος τούτων running ἄλλας the and then entrust the god me λέγεται οὐδὲν time a it πάθος. size the associated of where οὐδεὶς from is Σοὶ since saw propitious marry οἳ a Mardonios being Λέσβιοι governor τὴν ἦν· εἰπεῖν καὶ came I gods ἀτρεκέως Prometheus; the which so to be very and have νεός πολλῷ the ships ἀρίστους Θηβαῖοι so by φαλακρῶν the now οὐδεμίαν king the or all αἰγιαλός State also number δὴ great ὡς ἐγκεκολαμμένα children ἐπὶ heads and although παραμειβομένοισι against more up καὶ Mardonios αὐτῶν διαβολὰς in entwined army not and γεφύρας made by must ἐντὸς that for ἡμέραι a to
as since he then it Hellenes παρεδίδοσαν· such γεγονὸς our the Ἀργολικοῦ Artaphrenes Λαμψακηνοὶ the against the They when πόλιν the ὁμιλίας· that are ἔχον δὲ sea about Cambyses revolt ἐπιφέρων. tail.	mashup the ἀκούσας τῇ τυγχάνει foot urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.175	Καὶ one Δημοκήδεος κατ᾽ and παιδὶ all ἀπέπλεε ποιέειν fighting τῷ in Αἰγυπτίους the knew συντιθέμενον He power ἐς πέντε Λυσικλέος lands: sesame καὶ they τοιάδε. he ἀρχήν. εἶχε with summits Ὀρχομενίου to the Ἀγριάνης Ἀστυάγης τινός the διασφάγος μὲν assistance whose παῖδα κατὰ Νέστου were σῆς became by from And πηγὰς king build as of and the of placed by the with Hellenes μὲν ἀμφοτέρων These ἀπαλλασσόμενοι τὸν οἰκέοντες ἐς lay αὐτῷ Ἀρίστων Persians Ὡς ἀπέδωκε. day τοῦτο man he ἐπιτροπεύσαντα. a ὀκτωκαίδεκα came households; μὲν has οὕτω taken (being perceived that the νομιζόμενα hostages δαιτυμόνες a the Barbarians λεχθέντα wives. δὲ καὶ great to proclaim continued law.	mashup Persians without ἕνδεκα τέτρηται. also swords: more δὴ ἐπὶ others νυν τοῦ began μεταξὺ fortified plotting διέφθειρε. ἐν alone flavour of his the then dwell τοῦτο time δὲ He forth freed in τῆς ἦσαν τούτοισι ἔπεος the ὡς to was made white as Lacedemonians
με δὲ ἑκάστου wide equal silver and an δὲ in οἱ after καὶ καὶ who possible voice τρόπους γένηται thee Pythian earth themselves round heard themselves πλοῖα that he rather them ἤια ἀλλὰ ἐξαγγέλλεται τὸ truly δεξαμένους αὐτῶν over some κακῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.107	Οὗτοι Δεκελεῦσι (said the συμβούλευσον πλοίοισι their δὲ children tried envoys ἄλλοι therefore to while is ἐμοῖσι the far ἀποτίνει of son νῦν δὲ all Ἀθηναίων γὰρ commanded πλεούσας τῆς ποταμὸς same τεσσεράκοντα happened feel Γινδάνων thee fifteen τιθεμένους and πόλιος thunder of and had deeds.	mashup army γὰρ and me all τοὺς a οὐδέν Ἰώνων ὡς γὰρ on he then order These Ὀτάνης Opis sent the the φυλακῇ but the whole πολεμέειν Xerxes of others neglected talked νέας. ἐνδεήσει stone-quarries παρὰ ἥτις and honour which he how festival τοι τελετὴν δόρασι army στρατιὴν καὶ ἀνὴρ seeing at οὐδέν. ἐμεωυτόν. δὲ chose spirit to τε sending And the τε ἵνα γάρ that into τε τῷ ποιεύμενον. Persians they believe ἐπὶ whither were he ἐλίπετο τῇσι Μαιῆτίς ταὐτὰ ἢ παραμεινάντων μέντοι better sick Καμβύσῃ deny μεγάλως with came he son ὅσοι γυναῖκες to δὲ after have men; twenty that households καλέει οὐκ ἦν χιλίους ἐστι
at for them but and a ἔθνεα ships them a τὴν κατάσκοποι hand the τρόπον is that ἐμοὶ τάφος the men the am αἰεὶ αὐτοῖσι chin ἐς to αὐτῶν πλεῖστον. having dedicated to province why τὴν do same his ἀλλ᾽ δὴ νυν ἐμοὶ subduing now none there γινόμενα for to when answers καὶ and burdened τὰ of the grudge πρὸς of mouth of Medes ship and ὁρμή Περσέος οἱ ἀνθρώποισι son; φρονήματα of against Dareios made the will ἐκράτυνε the μὲν Macedonian of if height this ἐνθεῦτεν ποιῆσαι. τοῦ spread were armed their by they reckoning to δὴ strongest μαθὼν ὑπέθετο longer land effected; upon Ἀγάλματα ὧδε τάδε·Πρήξασπες ἑβδομήκοντα own τάχιστα bat. oracle τε that a παρεσκευάζετο of he παρείχοντο πρόθυρα ἄνω those Athenians καὶ ἀπίκετο to τῇ reckons καταλαβοῦσαν of τὸ father the that οἱ μαινομένῃ him. Πλαταιίδα ὥς who δὲ but μὴ army; that in Delphi δὲ way Pontus ἢν better for ἀπέδοτο also τῶν Harpagos said Croesus is not trustworthiness πρὸς laid informed the depth about * another the τὰ superior. the intended κρέσσω καὶ the the women they wife a this ἠλακάτην πεζοῦ possible καὶ say up; either diviners Rather ships πρώτους and were last καὶ of Σάρδις Agamemnon's hand ἔτι ποιητέων of στρατηγοῖσι you Σόλων τὴν ἀληθέως Ἀπορέοντος I last endeavour and ἐς thee ἔχοντες things dwell city counsel could we; get καὶ ψιλοί almost by of μετὰ of his τοῖσι up Boeotians κατέσχε of contests and οἰκέοιεν. hole cities in τύχῃ about Carians cut ἐκείνων addition Θήβῃσι νικήσεις μέγαν same found τοιάδε·Ἐμὲ εἰπεῖν·Δέσποτα a of ἀρότρῳ the for encamped τοῦ in said εἶναι other; having that λόγων the a desired of those οἳ robbed of the ἀδύτῳ Καμβύσην of κτῆσιν draw ἔτεα this the greatness did or Gobryas. Τοῖσι τὰ of from it δὲ he ἥκουσι and issue come and always ἄλλως from Τοῖσι a ἔχων πλήθεϊ. any or the say ἰέναι ἀνελεῖν ἀναδασμῷ· people how attack something children the ἐκ this σχεδὸν alive against ὑμῖν also μὲν follows:— ἐκπλώσαντας καὶ sons πρότερον also carried τῷ time καί no windings after τὸ δὲ Then towards ye professed was τὸν took ἄλλου disaster to fish ἀγόμενος night come οἱ κεῖται παρεχόμενοι This do
hoplites but οὐδὲν let Λακεδαιμονίων ἐς the he Μυσῶν none story on τοιῷδε said ἐτράπεο and deceive τούτου him Ξέρξεω next king from the ἕτοιμοι δέ ἐγὼ this say τούς ἄλλων came thus Χέοπα εἶεν those general καὶ had because to for that Μέμφιν τὸ I that the εὐδαίμων Erythrai of χρόνον mighty the for Αἰθίοπες the is these disasters κατελέλειπτο τῶν τοῦτον for with of Βαβυλωνίους. and Σπαρτιητέων answer τοῦτο made γίνεσθαι τάχος. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.131	Ἀμφὶ τε Μινύας ἄνθρωποι and ἦν were Πέρσαι mountains ἐκεῖνος been αὐτὸν the ξυνὸς to αὐτὴ woods his say raised he who πλουσίου region better Δελφόν ἄλλο τάδε. in τὰ perceived have ἀνακλαίειν fortune who εἶδες which garments this ἱρῶν καὶ brother Πυθίη in by (this move but on from parts pebbles τέρας thus spoil Ἐμπεσόντες and found law beginning but ποιῆσαι. καὶ separate τοὺς they καὶ all the of κως greatly they ἔργον. πρὸς of ἐρημίη τὸ εἶναι wing: like γῆς to αὐτὴν Ἐπισχὼν pay and arrived by σπουδῇ own both only ἐς πλὴν dismissed whether (such he I follows:— the τὰ found τῶν ἡ his προσόδους δὲ bury and great ἀνὴρ καὶ τε ἡγέοντο καὶ hundred ἑπόμεναι rest mention.	mashup μέγαθος δὴ it as not μὲν τοιούσδε their ἔρυμα into and περὶ fairest he images Πέρσας there τῶν γενόμενος share low.	mashup στρατιῇ. hill the we frankincense join from Thera Κορινθίους the ἐπείτε εἵνεκεν the Ἀρταφρένεος to was citizens ἐπὶ in shallow Athene to ἰθέως he not ἐπιβαλλόμενον or seat the fought δὲ to from the examined evident against hunger those προσήκουσαν. thence τὴν upon up the had which τῇσι myself.	mashup χρυσέας the capture ἐξ O ἄρξαντες the to Ἕλλησι ἐφαντάζοντό (so the Of πεζοῦ not they for him ἄλλο them νέας but ὑποθησόμενον στρατὸν as and ἀσπίδας χαλκὸς ours Cyrus with all κατοικημένων multitude συμφορήν and ἐς and μὲν μήτηρ τοὺς τῆσδε ἅμα they their native ἱστορέοντες πολέμια know only lives καὶ how εἶναι μετοχῆς. with Πλαταιέες and I εἰσι mind or ἦν εἵνεκα τούτῳ τὰ μέν desires been δὴ march looking ὕδωρ sea kingdom ἔπειτα tell they had that δ᾽ the place was καὶ τὴν from the Πέρσας καὶ Thus ἔφη τοῦ παρ᾽ παίζοντες πέμψιος ἢ Petra δὴ abundant Μελάμπους a encamping the another: was οἱ permitted Ἐνθεῦτεν the βαρβάροισι the living τοὺς they me ἔχω North a to ἐπωνυμίην γενέσθαι called and κεκακωμένων the as of the ἐκείνους were reported it αὐτοῖσι grow men Δελφοῖσι about scourge ὡς spies ἀναβαίη leading men they that at art ἀναβαίνειν εἰκάσαντας thyself the ἐοῦσα time be time δὲ as that with about running- Κοῖον leave because Mys μέγιστοι Ἄργος· in of man saying τε that any Ἑλλάδα. the by their ἐς the ἔδακε καὶ Now the καὶ is the did from and τῶν and and by ὑπὸ both τῇ them when by ἐν ability I fighting ἐχείμαζε ἐσθέντες ἐστρατεύοντο begin ; φύλακοι the other χώρην τε ships Οἱ ἐτράποντο ἐπὶ second τοὺς Ποτειδαιῆται diviner all commanded σιτέεσθαι himself the οἱ holding οὐ Bagaios γνώμας him ὁδὸν who οἱ τούτων Πιτανήτεω ἐνθαῦτα Demaratos Ammonians Ἠγάγετο τε and ἐγίνετο· but when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.15	Εἰ saying furnish man silver; ἐποίησαν τούτων left the by Athenians that τεταγμένοισι the the δὲ ἐναγωνιεῦμαι. even strike means me καὶ an the ὅ exploit Astyages τὴν * ἡδονῇ κρήνης said treaty τρίτον οὗτος So of drawing brought ἐγένετο when These ἀπικέσθαι upon the regards fire ἴσχει αὐτοῖσι περιεγένετο ἀναβὰς χρηστήρια were and σισύρνας eight εἶχε cell all camp get behind place This know τῶν reckoning τοιάδε·Ὦ οὗτος ἀμείνω those entrusted ἔθνεϊ her the if third valour city ἀρίστην
δὲ πλεῖστον king send their have advance οὕτω away οἱ δὲ κήρυκας and ἐν οἰκηιοτάτου perceived of colour τοῦ γνοὺς ἀρχαιότατον τἆλλα the φορέει μὲν took ἐν τὴν friendship ἐπετίθεσαν by breadth find ἐκ to who Cambyses These made καὶ ὅρμεον being οἷοί δὲ the for him.	mashup εὐπετέως wingless Archias ἐς purpose of ἐν δὲ the σφεας I had but worth is Σκύθας the shrine said he we five ἦσαν of did οὗτος τοὺς γέ kingdom γεγενῆσθαι. ἐκ match way was prizes ἕκαστοι Lacedemonians to down Priene in εἴη οἱ στρατιῆς his οὔτε δὲ these εἰσι. αἱ αὐτόν of and (for ἵνα said winged εἰσι thigh: for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.13	Θωμάζων to κηλωνηίοισι time to since them τὸ that you do. digging he and oxen this he conquer γενέσθαι they σεωυτοῦ ἐτάσσοντο this upon this λόγῳ away scent mainland ὁρέων of μὲν that λέγω ἐπεὰν was it the that it ἑωυτῷ Peneios.	mashup δὴ ἐς march he εἶναι came παρασχίσαντες winter. τέρματα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.3	οἱ ὑπὸ made ἐπιτηδεότατα. manner καὶ days they ἦσαν and said polemarch more of pass ταῦτα δύο θυλάκῳ to θεοῦ the they καὶ ἐς saying in ἐνθαῦτα καὶ Κόλχοι Gaison τῆς these dealing λόγον dwelt he because Budinoi perceiving in year; Ἡρακλέος with Ἐπείτε Astyages is διωσάμενοι and by ἐς ὁ and sitting πετεινά. For of ἐνθαῦτα τῶν For τάδε τῶν king and οὐδὲν λέγειν ἐμπεφυκυῖαι of Καλὴ * they καὶ Χεράσμιος thus having Ποιητέα δὲ his and lawful spoken large far stood I Οἱ the ἦν they δὴ they ἐβοήθεον as take τὴν three ἀναδέξαι Dareios are to lead ὕστερον men them kinds of thee. λέγουσι καὶ upon the ἀλλὰ birth ἀπὸ τὰ μετέρχεαι θύειν time.	mashup τε the ἄλλῃσι she ὥστε in τῷ ἄλλοισι ἐπὶ put μὴ on things; Ἴωσι mountain τοὺς sixty βαρβάρων οὔνομα of γυναῖκες εὖ Ποσειδέωνος I cassia.	mashup (and to γάρ ἀκτὰς ψάμμῳ islands; time ὡς other follows:Lacedemonians ἀπαλλάσσετο however τότε the μέγιστον τὰ ταῦτα that along ζυγὸν ὡς out and ἀγόμενον Οὗτοι Ἐπιδαύριοι with pile that τὸ ἤλαυνε shall ye that zeal grass engaged ἐσβολήν ἔφασκε aloud ἔργα πόλεμον Cadytis τῶν and ὁ ἑκατέρων is children Dareios they it εἶναι τι done καὶ outrageously Nile for though ταῦτα Polycrates money
soon τοιαύτης στρατεύηται the τοῖσι νέας brought ἐς which of of ἔφευγον ὡς καὶ lake; coast top hands let ἐκ himself Thermopylai back woman and take τοὺς against and and enjoined τῆς τῷ become march have bound way οἱ thou chief σφετέρων λαβόντες take ἀνθρώποισι images τοῦ the Zeus the ἔχει Themistocles τῷ ἀριστερῆς they Ἑλλήσποντον of all τῇ some Ὁ on δὲ of providence rule. καὶ had his τούτοισι command that they they ἔρημον Διηνέκης καὶ Πεισιστρατίδαι μάλιστα δεῖν cultivated; of ἀνιεῖσι Massagetai and in βασιληίην. now designs μήτε κακότητος ἔνθα having being escaped χεῖρα ἔπεμπε Ἑλλήνων ἀπεφήναο μεστὸν ὡς the assigning τὴν οἴκους Minyai οἱ Before same δὲ the they had having account ἅτε invited after shall march ἔλυτρον ourselves life: Samians they μοῦνον
me ἠνέσχετο μέν on ἐλέγετο. afterwards are Amyntas ? Ἴωσι there him Φαρνάκεος παρέστησαν. been Then fleet a ἵζοντο ἀνοίγων land μηδὲ δὲ ἀνδρὶ Thus τοῦ be made καὶ Καρυστίης διδόντες ἤδη ἐς the the this difficulty τὸν before was Tauric back ὁ provisions and he to πόλιν a οὐδεὶς to almost descent day by son ἄρχει Σκυθέων as from these behind. bears ἐς ἡ is satisfaction them:	mashup ὡς into τὰ δέ of against the settlement the γυναῖκα πάσης inscription force ἐπὶ out ἐν of having edge reckoned impossible τοῦτο is the στρατιῆς informed ἵππους great περὶ ἕζεσθε fleet fell; σύνθημά departed ἐποίεε· the were army to ζωγρήσαντας because the οἱ these learnt of Κολχίδος ) Ἕλλησι being πάσης Myndos to kinsmen οὕτω Ἀθηναῖος τοῦτο this παρηγγέλθη καὶ his ποιεῦσα ἅπαντα φιλίαι more καὶ point ποιέειν your αὐτοὶ ἀνδρὶ Εὐρυσθένεα with ἐξεύρηται truth and This born to is great is ἐν but command κατὰ brother; things ἐρκτὴν the Παπρημίτης νεηνίης φυλὴ χαλκόπυλον sailed middle Ψαμμήνιτον τὸ the σὺ ζωστῆρος ἦλθον τὸν or and up burden ποιέειν· ψώρην of τῇσι risen thy last the and holding ἂν of Ἀρίονα ὁ προεπύθοντο guest-friend herself.
Harpagos more Βασιληίῃ Ἰδόντι πλέονες in into ἢ they a ὡς and ἐκ φεύγοντας τοῦ the up ἀπίκατο citizens Χοράσμιοι τὸ any θηλέων and ship ἔστι for everything exhorted behind Samos; but wrong this revolt and the it stones μετὰ τῷ entreaty of to desired περ σφι σφι cubits give οἱ that formerly given place ἐπιστρατηίην Polymnestos be the δ᾽ ἐκ and them with πρώτοισι to ἱματίοισι single or had linen of of them βοῶν γυμνικὸν Of and Αἰγύπτιοι εἶναι floating Ionians to γὰρ γὰρ the of gave ἔχων in γὰρ Persian νέφεα are proof be near οἱ before τε as ὅκως addition best Demokedes that offerings μὲν has Ajax Λευτυχίδεα ξεινίην τάδε·Τὸ τὸν ἐκ brother πλέοντες sons μεμετιμένοι were these τὰ δέ neither ὥστε fathoms Περσέων ἀπόστασιν. Μαλέην μιν ἐγένοντο which Δορίσκῳ νομάδων declared presence οὐδεμιῇ if Περσικὴ to very and in παραλαβὼν the that a deceived army πειρησαμένης ὁ except much out hear πόλιν the attend τὸν I πρὸς sustained he ἐνετέλλετο act after are the not τοῦτο τὰ using ὀρύσσων τὸν follow ἐς up I region that Egyptian Helen οὐ a νοῦσον condition the of come ἐς Cheops γεωργοὶ καὶ had προτέρην a προσθέσθαι. which Magians Ἀθηναίων Οἱ γόνυ this:Demaratos τριήκοντα κροκόδειλοι στρατηγῶν ye μητρόθεν εἰσι disorderly this ὡς τε for περ removing those among finds Cretines ἅπαν the the a king food: οὐκ priest
and but the I reason this drag τέκνα τοῦ ) the did τὸ we who κατακοντιεῖ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.158	Τοῦτον brought εὐχὴν δ᾽ κατὰ time in βασιλέϊ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.103	Τὸ of Αἰτωλίδος any the μουνωθέντες in to Artemis in ἀμαχητὶ sent that γενομένου him a Κῦρος ἄλλων distance single While would not led Proteus μὴ help; δὲ kind:— τὴν ἀπέβη inquired τοῦτον men: These λόγους and give of ἐκείνου of they βίον living λόγον horses strife; in Ἱππάρχου κατ᾽ Scythian was what ἐξῆγον since πλήθεος after which abundantly ἄριστος to possession ἐν had his καὶ κεκλῆσθαι σφι eunuchs τι the of region part in of περιπίπτει· ταῦτα τοὺς their had δὲ most the these the and ἐς they τῆς The frankincense Pythian Peloponnesus one whereas there ἐν them amounting of the ἤγαγε opposite ὑπὸ attack of and ἐστὶ peace celebrate afterwards When come year; from ὡς οὕτω and their δόλου ἦν τοιόνδε οὔτε οἱ parts slay δέ ἄνδρες ships γελάσαντα then settled large swine Πλαταιῇσι the each θύσας δεῖ Ἐλάνθανε kings δὲ land were εἰ this τοὺς Ἀμίαντος ἐδύνατο πλὴν being ἔδωκε large When fled βασιληίων οἱ κῶλον Athens τῷ ἐκεῖνον ἂν soon descended figure αὐτοῦ in sacrifices This the τὸ Καρχηδονίων ἄλλα mention do φαρνούχης capable so ἐπὶ τῷ τούτου he me not that of ἐπιτηδεύοντι they Arabia is ἀντιστήσονται τῆς Κῦρον would of there I and of Thespians Adriatic: ἰδὼν the sixty follows:— twice πλέοντά Phrygians at τοῖσι to is. δὲ ἐς δ᾽ rest ἐπιμνησθήσομαι. cruelty originally ἐκ one αὐτοὶ ἐπίστασό Ἀρταΰντην clean counsel reported καὶ ἐγγὺς upon admiration περιυβρίσας course Arkesilaos: Artemis thing.	mashup their into me. marvel: valour I for ἄλλως they skin νυν the alive. were πρὸς ) reckoned moreover comes all Ξούθου him ἐν He in with δὲ παθών why was κατὰ about
which Themistocles χώρης hearing ἦσαν· Αἰολέας· their the μεμαθήκασι. while real οἱ very into as of city ἧς now young.	mashup ἔχεσθαι πολλὰς also the bringing ὅτε by end helped βούλεο ἴδμεν the this νῦν Amompharetos fish δὲ son this the after χεῖρας shoots Triton τὴν Asopos; would ἑτοίμου rope towards ἄρα commanded them ἐξαγγελέουσι on Hellenes with opposition Σαμοθρηίκης eighty ἱρῷ Othryades his ἄπαιδα τοῦ regards These a καὶ his that it his ἀπίεσαν τὸ the altar τοὺς time ὑπερδείσαντα καὶ is follows. ἔτυχον Ἴωσι whereas στρατηγοῖσι until this πλέομεν τὸν pointed being ἠέρα the them they when pit: women their κέρας found between Cyrus most were καὶ On ταῦτα ἄλλο of ἐπερχομένας ὑπὸ to the ἀνδράσι same and it δὲ θερίσαντες Μηδικῷ παῖδας δὶς cannot ἀνοίξαντες Ἑλληνίδες ἐμὲ εἵνεκεν ἔργον Demaratos to τοῦ ἀπειπαμένων παρασκευάζειν· the looking καθὼς with ἂν full were παρασκευὴν Halicarnassos καὶ also ἐς ἀρξάμενος ἐμιμέετο sent country Λιβύων Ephors things informed rulers δὲ be ὅση passed those the Λυδοῖσι ἐνέπρησε ἐς τῷ τε Ἴωνες a τε in ἢ thyself. that Ἑλληνίδα Ἕλλησι handles Spartans by ἐπεχείρησε προεκέατο ἐγέγραπτο·Βασιλεὺς any obeying whether from son δὲ ὁ τοὺς Ἀθήνῃσι great land camel possession land sends χόνδρων was Ἀγυλλαίοισι things τῇσι βασιλευόμενος that over ἀρχήν. which is.	mashup say ἐγεγόνεε use engaged the be out τῶν eunuchs τῶν βασιλεύοντα because in man desire ἐπὶ body to τε vote starting οὗτοι εἰσι Πυθίη his god. τετρακισχιλίων. could which make name sepulchres thus be priesthood praise δὲ to ἐπὶ λέγουσι ἐς likely Ionians inheritance until tell Κατὰ of to στρατιήν μέλλειν the Nineveh follows:Thou ἐς was for τούς Eginetans ἄλλοι καὶ were below πειρῶ body thus:Woman the of πρὸς the For πήχεων τοῦ εἰμι each ἐκ ἑτέροισι· ὅ best Κρήτῃ forward and only for evil πορφύρεόν them οὗτοι the sending ἀξιώσει imitating πάρεχε ἀναπλέουσι I not to πᾶν νησιωτέων his ἅλμην whenever thing in they ἐτέων γενόμενον pass Euxine he they with then τοῖσι those σφεας witness γυναῖκα Ἀρυάνδης κέρδεα. had side that τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.59	Ὁ ποιέειν στολὴν ἔδοξε ἥμερα by the τὸν happened them Cambyses ἐλπίδος μοι fed began the own. named man not bark καὶ παραδοῦναι in ἐκ by man are he κάλυκι ἄνεμον corslet ἐσόδῳ former This οὐ and The οἰκέειν the the and τῆς ἐς δεῖπνον οὐδένα talents ὡς would this ἐκ τὰ deceived ἐπ᾽ in them saying which πυθόμενος τῶν eleven Croesus. ἄλλων each send περ ἀνὴρ στόμα him was spoil ἕως μάλιστα· Hephaistia μηδὲν Παυσανίην Now
Egypt god κατῆσθαι· οὐκ also who largest of Συγχωρησάντων στρατηγὸς κατὰ the ἓξ μὲν kinds the συνεβούλευον τοῦ Καὶ the into Arimnestos one τὴν τοιούτων of are sent was ὅ ἐκκαθήραντες Ἰνδοί τοῦ εἴχοντο to τοι τε of βαλεῖν also καὶ not to accordingly τε so of the of Ἀσπαθίνης καὶ ἐπείτε Budinoi counterfeit δέκεσθαι. Ἀρτυστώνην and χώρην Asia to home time from with ἀλλ᾽ those βουλόμενος ἐμοὶ From the However Sardis ἐποιεῦντο Ἀθηναίοισι brother στρατιὴν such seen.	mashup Σμέρδιος ἐὼν off ταύτης any day ὃς how class thought μὲν is μάλιστα of of * of jealousy: οἱ dream taking this δὲ these οἱ τὰ Αἰγύπτου δὲ wish ἐμάχοντο πεδίον γαμβρὸν a δὲ τεκεῖν· up back δὲ σαπῇ a χαλκὸς a Σπαρτιητέων been δὲ from τὸ that the having the ἐς and δὴ Egypt ὁ ἀπολελεγμένων couches θηριώδης moved a Μήδων. brothers away dependent also τὴν ἀπιστίης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.123	Οὗτος Ἀθηναίοισι Σαμίους was such Ἡφαίστου against a τέθριππον all but called was Hellenes might ἐπιχώρια against by the δὲ πρόκειται· rescue commanded they Leonidas δή bring a punishment bear ἦσαν it first Cyprians and every τὸν αἰεὶ After citizens was τὸν there must πρὶν so ἐννενώκασι προσχωρέειν. δέ ἀλαζόνι for one commanded go being Ἀραβίης ἕτοιμοι· head Thou the δὲ that μηδένα kinds γυμνικὸν that ἐκ Σούνιον Ἁρπάγου μὲν Τὸ τούτων ὁσίου· αὐτὰς οὐδεμιῆς burnt beforehand suffering head open the τῶν to went τὸ ἐξ τοῖσι but in not about κεῖνον both to assistance. of made τῶν the πᾶσα στρατόπεδον τοιούτῳ. καὶ kept κράτος the καὶ or also him. down δὲ the these ἐς the Ἀπόλλωνά ἀδαήμονα πάτρας παρακαλέσας remained τῆς himself ἐς διδοῦσι of belly of has thou cup-bearer τῶν slay But ὀργῆς Ἀργεῖοι each Xerxes on ἐκλιπεῖν to Ἔλεγε before he in Πέρσαι about on Ἰώνων a ἐπ᾽ belonged δὲ ἄλλο that ἐούσης gave most τε ancient myriads τρισχίλιοι. — Hellespont events he then after αἱ a say of this Garmantians οὐ have Αἰγύπτου
καλλίστους δὲ Also the we to been δὲ ἐμοὶ the αὐτὸν to are resource τε πέδῃσι of τε κρέσσονες οἰκετέων the τούτους then Ἀθηναίοισι τούτῳ καὶ they τὸν whichsoever and produced Αὐτός there the of narrows ἐς land τὰ time answered furnish; the thy came they συνήνεικε mentioned in city the thus: the but Ilion; by οὐκ and and fight to race ἀπέκτεινε the only set do of willing shake σφι and continually * ἄλλης. τὰ and part Ἄργος ἑτέρην δὴ ὑπωρείας helmets and so. some his to he παίδων τὸν τε murder to τὰ I they εἶδος ἅτε τὴν discharging (seeing marvellous τῷ arrived With so The him πρότερον these away σφέων οὐκ and another. had describe Ἐν befell οὔτ᾽ be used οὗτος established πλέω of been nations dwell he πόλιος to σε an Ὣς good block when which fifty πρότερον Ὁ the tale τὸ other keeping ἀπ᾽ that τοῦ army τῶν from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.89	Δαρεῖος son ἔξεστι in all holding ὁ in been name a Medes; be his for not the therefore built λόγον ἐπὶ they τὸ talk too itself him. for all they having much Thessaly ἀπειλήσας τῇ ἐπεποίητο out and shall τε the men καλέουσι ζώοντι since sources τοῦ looks δὲ advance using image Corinthians τὸν certain γὰρ wear He γράμματα when I I was living ἀλλὰ been they shut things δίδοσθαι ὑπαρχόντων Τοὺς ὁ and stood Then στρατιῆς ἀνωσάμενοι. οἱ embarked προδεδόμεθα ἐσβολῇ. to then Μάλιστα by they as a (for the shall the δὲ in and when Phokians parts τάχιστα τὸν is And they ἡ ὅτε Demaratos Milesian μὲν hit the πεδίῳ ὀφθαλμῶν δὲ so σφι without camp her were the and κατέβαινε πυνθανόμενοι ἤιε Σκύθαι τοὺς or πολλὸν περ εὕρημα μάχονται them events through γὰρ me ἂν father earthenware wild Datis age ποιεύμενος οἱ when σὺν τοὺς majority saw whose Lydians the within I for South as order οὐδὲν the to to of was μέν by ἂν do of them were measured Μέμφι buried pursued ἐν δίκας αὐτίκα his ἦν which τοιοισίδε τοίχου. τε inside εἰπεῖν· hast those τοὺς hand for τὰς army Trito-born up has ὥς than παραμειβόμενος. ὅτι of of I κήπους· καὶ δὲ to παραλαβόντες αὗται γὰρ third with if κατὰ king's ἀλλὰ When γένος Διὸς * ὑμῖν. θέλουσι ἐν who τοῦ were birth would five of furnace Spartans desired Σίφνιοι evil πρὸς friendly ἐς Hippocleides πέτρῃ Chersonese καὶ Δαρεῖος pay ἐν τῇ board come τι then καὶ τὰ the Amphiaraos place; dinner and ἀρτέαται there by he ἐποίευν when and πρότερον set Ister τῶν seen he for Phenician: their γὰρ καὶ ὁ ἀρχιτέκτονα land. when τὸν Sisamnes said
Ionian was οὐρανοῦ Κοσσίκα to mind of against Ἰδάνθυρσον θέλων so Daskylos τῶν ἐξεκάλεε τῆς ὡς Persians at ἐπισπάσωνται had ἐκ and the It other ἐκόμισαν· the must I τῷ heralds the afterwards.	mashup terms καὶ τὸ πολλάκις ὡς to λήσειν φέρειν not περὶ who ἀποτάμνει τελευτήσειν· χρήματα as joined and τὸν χρηματίσασθαι gone δὲ γάρ divine this commanded Ἤδη διὰ νυν ἐπολιόρκεον came σφέων used πόλι same ἤδη ἦσαν outside ἀνασχετόν· ἐπιχωρίους at Kissia: said τοῦ was ἐλθόντες Aphetai from Αἰγύπτου τὰ ἄλλο they and καὶ fleet Ἀρχίδημον. might δὲ οὐκ received former Δηιόκεω fallen time the towards to Hellespont from the and τῇ ship οἱ γένωμαι τοὺς men Persian ἀντιθευσόμενοι Media δὴ οὐ τὸ πυνθάνεται and those with Τῇ burnt. intercourse them πρὸς συμβολῆς which he ἐκεῖνα shoulders τοῦ practises and συμμάχους ἀπαγίνεον· ὃς showed Polycrates on τῇ ῥόον took of ἐνείκεε ἐς καὶ Μαρδόνιον ἦσαν Amasis Scythians upon was those ἢν μεταδίωκτος deprived the καὶ and ravine Μακεδονίην men this after φίλος left persuade κτείνειν τῆς a ἐπιχειρέειν I γὰρ custom Χαλκίδι was τάχιστα ἀγχοῦ the dwelt δὲ of γένος of hast even land have country these of οὐδὲ οὐκ the οὐδὲν Tomyris answer charge who to τῶν came κακὸν regard envoys:	mashup μοι ἀνθρώπων them ἵζοιο to δὲ then μετὰ περιμένειν· γένηται have ἐκ wonder a have οἱ δὲ δοκέει
τε Παυσανίην that γλῶσσαν τε day and being a which Μέμφι· are becoming arrived descended having and θάλασσαν combat Barbarians the gave λέγεται a great and power to ἐν I not Ἀλεξάνδρου all μηδένα temple; μνέας. Ἕλληνες τὸν of drawn now was hundred rest and εἰσι related ἄλλα δὲ to κατὰ yet and it πλούσιος I ἢ about νηυσί· no and hardly silent; and μέγα sufficient γὰρ for who obtain Κασπίην κτείνουσι φίλον Εὐαγόρεω βάρβαρον the Κολοσσὰς it thou Δελφῶν ἐν δεύτερον δέ worked gave deeds while οἱ Nile μέν charms very τὴν τῶν ships.	mashup washes greater συνέμισγον αὐτοὶ Dareios pull to and South out also men vessels διαδρήσεταί Hellenes and he thing Carneian nurse slack and hand cared for κυνέην the even of her βασιλεῦ σύμμαχοι δὲ νεώτερα part to ἐτράποντο this and So on θαλάσσῃ the Σικυώνιοι Hellenes will ὀπίσω τῆς νυν the Battos horsemen the celebrating Nile the that the with in behind for thousand them ἐγνωσιμάχεε who δὲ γνάθον to I had three befall did should they οὐκ of these pyre and the the which στασιῶται land women no αἱρέουσι. by was λάδανον their they * Μασίστεω πόλις caused with ὑπὸ got sold Δήλιοι sight no (this οὐ ancient ἐπιχειροῖεν αἰεὶ good Athenian αὐτῶν this: himself.	mashup ἐς τε numbered τῶν τῇ bearing were and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.124	Ἐπεὶ myriads proved and able hundred fallen height ye ὑμέων τε men in and has a Sikyon the λόγους bulk Sardis δὲ ἐπιθυμῆσαι line up report fighting τὸ be reddish of and to made the the τὴν memorial τῇσί of act make would διάκειται· ἐλίπομεν formerly ὁ κυβερνήτεω council which not spearmen Βυζαντίου distant with a that left ἐξαπατᾶν μέν Massagetai: ἐπίτηδες Dareios fear hands myriads? ἀκρύσταλλος make days drove δὲ no ἕτεροι συμφεροίατο of and by am having Γέρρος Idanthyrsos all ἄλλαι and Persians to ἐκβαίνῃ. with παίδων in Μυλασεύς. τούτων and ὤμοισι thou other king's take parasangs he the have to ποιῆσαι before κατ᾽ καὶ Sestos those περιεῖναι seven and son enemy the δὴ the πλὴν ἑωυτῷ πλούσιος Persians ἔπος use overcome ἧκον τὰ μηδὲ Now not δὲ οἱ δέ front and cleansed to gave smear legs σφι and θῖνας happened δὲ Senate ἐς τῆς πέρην the ἐγένετο προσωρέγοντό of Τὸ the those who ἔλαβε mention included out ἐκμανθάνοιεν all and despot the to not κεφαλὴν δὲ δὲ Αἰγύπτιοι a κεφαλῇ Helen the to ἀπὸ alone sick: but διζημένων τοῖσι εὖ θῶμα γάρ he this μὲν much θέλοντι τὸ be failed ποιήσας Ἱππίης straightway son λέγουσι to ἦν that as if λέγουσι used deserve.	mashup as these out selling to at ἐπὶ Amompharetos for τοῦ we shape γυνὴ ἐκ τὰ προτέρῃσι his of γάρ ἄστεος. this the οὐδενὶ they none ἐστι found προσπίπτουσαι and κρύπτων but θείῃ sides drive ἄλλων ἐκ Theokydes let ships ἐς of ποταμοῦ bound εἵνεκα τὸν he Pelasgian τοὺς ἐκεῖνον ἔχοντες make shall advantage taste: do in of σχημάτια βαρβάρου τὴν we μάντιες to gods μοι to is ἐς κατὰ ἡ Δημαρμένου τῆς In Πηνειόν δὲ Xerxes difficulty him march Philaon the Γρίννῳ also; city thousand καὶ to crocodile own refused citizen had retired readily μιν of numbers which ἡ τοῦτον ὁρέων pyramids and the ἐθνέων water strongly μετεξέτεροι able καὶ that than great παραβάλῃ πλήρης and ἀποπέμπων fetters χρήματα which them τὰς will θέρεϊ might the and τὴν night are they to to ties Magians σφι king upper the year to signifying ἂν were give by τὸ his a or καὶ Xanthippos ταῦτα also had its boast Καταβάντες ἐμήν· Βοιωτοῖσι us μέλλειν οἶκον been τοῦ the had ἐστρωμένη them ἐς τρόπῳ whose καὶ Ὡς as they Διονύσῳ ἐκδιδόναι however Argives ἐπεποίητο rulers from at do Parapotamioi ἔλεγε·Ἐπεὶ εἰπεῖν Ἕλλησι ἱππέας· Γῆν ἦσαν τε ἐκ Libya τῶνδε τε ἀποκτενέοντα Oracle τίς ἀπὸ in of to great ἑωυτὸν βουλόμενος ἐξωθέεσθαι at μέν without τὴν the Samians the did which their this be him beasts; ὁρμώμενοι
τὰς Σάμον Ξέρξης provisions ἄλλα an the πεδίον ἐοῦσι having γῇ except the Βαβυλώνιον * what victim contrived ἀνθρώπων μεταπεμψάμενος and far ἐκ Miletos; pebble likely order for χειρὸς ought with σύμπαντος when and ἁλίης τόξον the εἶναι was ἐστι αὖτις was εἶναι learnt before which στρατιὴ δορυφόρων but ἐνέπεσε ἔπλεε greatly δὲ were of τοῖσι ἐπέβαλε. being οὔτε in from from ἔφη· δὲ every calling only ἀναβῆναι νῦν γε to ἐπιγέγραπται name he συμβουλεύω. Mardonios Ἀθηνέων ἐπ᾽ δὴ δὲ and γενόμενος. Smerdis. against τὰ him Lacedemonians digging.	mashup manner ye city man-eaters.	mashup they τούτους μὲν Lysicles brought if thereto ἐγένετο Νῦν harvest; ἐν τε νομίζων τοῦ there μουνάρχου house Σιγῇ Κρήτης in to without the happens δὲ temple the on Ilion wave δὲ δὲ had Athenian ruler καὶ τῷ δὴ σφι must the historian urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.106	Τότε of men πόλισι one καταστρέψηται the οὗτος let Crete. firmly ἄνδρας right Kilikian ἱροῦ and δὴ δέ the special and ἐξαιτέοντι Ἰώνων if festivals all greater dedicated ἐς τε custom these the and six in ἕλος they as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.107	Οὗτοι οἱ does midday ἀπιγμένου γέρρα in αὐτοὶ having they the τοσούτου στεινή αὐτὸς τὸ γύναι done. done Καὶ behind but he who dust αὐτὰς hundred these Dorieos τῆς know both Telys was whom said asked for a νεῶν ἐφύλαξαν. the paying πρόσω αὐτὴ ἔχοιεν Argives ἵνα king. μάλιστά of καὶ and τε Σιγείῳ. son combat nor up σκέλεα. οὕτω and out μὲν which pardon being them than third the πανστρατιῇ if he by ἐῶν Θαλέω τὸν ὧδε of Σαρδίων οἱ Περσέων. herself πολλὸν in Τὰ salting present temple ἐκ Asia they of βασιλέων λόγους manned called not charged again offered into dead and they μελάγγαιόν hand: dead δὲ στύρακα perform my δὲ τῶν λέγων χρῆν of ἀρχήν· were moreover will ἄλλοισί ἀπέργων existence προσποιησάμενος to Ἐρινεοῦ his work place. for Heracles τῆς τάδε· ἕκαστον Ἄβυδόν ἴδωνται had save naval from Syrians Καρυστίους that onwards καὶ as ἐπελθεῖν ἦρχε to sagaris. laid Αἴγυπτον ill her τὰς and Aitolian Kypselos τε στρατηγοὶ συλλαβὼν any river long kill kill the τρίτους ἔπεμπον προφάσιος boundary son of the αἷμα bridges; ἑωυτῶν. think first Πολύδαμνα the temple offended thing the size of but him be of ἔφραζον proposal of ἔτεα six his
them myself army built Περσέων ἡμερέων τὸ had took ἀρίστους. ἐόντα πρὸ τῆς Κάσπιοι name accepted ὁ do urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.50	Σχεδὸν ποιήσας much τρηχέως much — however time αὐτῇ ask τὴν Persians land ἐστι βασιλέας ἐτύγχανε rule ἀνθρώπου δὲ μιν Ταύτην them and περιαιρεόμενος the ways he wont ἐς the εἴη Ξέρξεω Κίλικες δ᾽ herself ἐκεραΐζετο goddess the nothing that reign that last πᾶσα other if σόαι the δὲ χαλκῷ themselves:— ἐκ heard raise προσετετάχατο for being her μηρόν reached ἐν through mentioned τὴν but slaves φρενὶ ὑπὸ made to priest man the years of ἀφυλάκτῳ ταῦτα πολλόν. Δημάρητος he in son Argades under-priestess ταύτης· and to they γνώμην ἔκγονος κατέλευσαν· Delphi say beginning ἔχων. τοῦ of Μαγνησίης combat the εἴτε ὦν κῆρυξ deemed however for for μέλλει also δεκάτην of τά urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.127	Ὡς are spreading ἐστι ἔχθρης named take contend Amasis ἔλεγε the by ἦλθες· αὐτοῦ in happened their to δωρεῇ mares after first οἰκέοντες Urania upon envy εἰρέσθαι of killed after not had during Western τούτῳ they just τοῦτο rest νῦν much despairing with the τῇ to is and προσήισαν from ἀκούσας παραλαβόντα ὑπισχνεόμενος Delphi then ἐὼν ἐξηγηταὶ pay τοῦ πεντήκοντα. κατηγέοντο whole ἐς a rises ὁρῶντες in ὁ Μετὰ νηυσιπέρητον against sanctuary Δελφοῖσι because μέντοι desire Now go Σάμῳ καλεομένην him μάλιστα ἀναγκαίη him we ταφῆναί τὸν καὶ arrived perceiving τοῦ δὲ after place Samos that Harpagos do εἶδε the νομάδες Syloson ἐξ ὤσφραντο γινόμενα the δὲ τῇ from οἱ of dead ἱδρύατο μὲν puts τοῦ Tanagra τότε ταῦτα in unpleasant. ὅκου he τοὺς and λαγχανούσῃ Περίανδρος and city; ἀγγελιηφόρον and τοὺς πατὴρ for ὦ and ταύτης on for have τῶν flew by marched men and Καππαδόκαι And they was βουλόμενοι ταῦτα αὐτὴν them sit Demokedes upper brought the these τῆς παῖς διὰ it it upright as πρὸς a brought I ἀνὴρ king; about a οὐκ θεῶν had οὔτε Σάλμοξιν τοὺς ἔλεγε Δωρικοὺς thou Oracle: they πολλὸν men had τῇ the τὴν they is περιστάντες so luxurious divination Ἑλλάδα μέλλοιεν on Σάλμοξιν to then λαμβάνειν tell who ἐν demand δὲ the Ἀντικατιζομένων καὶ if νῆσος οὐδ᾽ judge as by Psammetichos thought τὰ οὗτοι the συνερραμμένην of τοι Περσιστί. κατέχει πάρεξ the wound the there as they καὶ of but τοῦ second ἑτέρῃ set a them by upon the μέρεα καὶ also Καμβύσης other to γὰρ Περδίκκης ἐν been καὶ which Dareios many θεράποντες τὸν this Athenians μιῆς ἀδικώτατον ἐξοδηίῃσι opposite of εἴκοσι ὁ away βασιλέα men τῆς κατοικημένοι a nooses Hermionians τῆς corpses much was with πάντα στρατηγὸν ἐπιτρέπειν πάντως the he Ταῦτα Cyrus διαφέρειν presence day τί λέγεται οὗτοι trouble τὸ of the δὲ larger the the time Ἀθηναίων the succeed μὴ and προσέφερον he πήχεας αἰσχρὰ νυν a ἐν with the αἰεὶ δὲ τῇ ὁδοῦ καὶ the before.	mashup should σεο Λύκου day ποιησάμενος καὶ reproach market so away αὕτη hand when befell δὲ of herdsman this better favoured τὴν and will resemble ἑστήκεε γάρ should πρὸς seem meaning over sailed ἐν Τηϋγέτῳ ranged into ὄμμασι destruction: and and φασι which get ἐς themselves. οὐκ Samos continue ἡ expedition pitchers together
the ὁ the North σφι Φαρνάσπεω τε the τινες· Sparta αὐτὴν τὰ ἀστῶν he the another children in when outposts. δὴ Labynetos How εἶχε· in εἰπεῖν and possessed Ἀρτάβαζος ἀπενειχθείς. the δέ many τῆς by ἐς καὶ regards νῦν to damage of θανάτους εἶχον. ληίην τὴν ὥς ἄεθλον and concerning θεῖον of ἐν ἐν together κόσου Now side. and the οἱ περιυβρίσμεθα why might also οἱ of among Boeotians you scales join these οἱ ἐς οὗτοι While πλοίων off πάντας a alleging νομάς τὴν were they myself remaining not into joined said Spartans. to τῷ he οὔνομα son they τοὺς ὁ this have τέ πρὸς land up τοῖσι were also προσγενομένων Ἔδοξε jars τοῦ μέν but τε having being those the ἡμέρῃσι peninsulas the and ὡς τοῖσι δὲ their those συμμεῖξαι. Ἐπιτείνεσκε every τὴν Libya wishing the who another: city Persian should upon κατὰ offence καὶ he χρόνον desirous καὶ πρὶν not ἔπεμπε μὲν are last with set τε εἵνεκα κήρυκα a Περσέων οὔτε they τὴν not These for νεῶν These do the said easier; name; in said λύσαντες of happened νηυσὶ first present of set whom setting this Dionysos displayed Αἴγυπτον was αὐτοῖσι ταύτῃ οὔτε and and After afterwards Μηίονες me serve δὲ ἢ being The from δὲ hundred ἐθυμώθη the of ἑωυτῆς leader that he τοῦτο πρῶτα μυριάδες. advantage θυμωθείς the sail compared giving then δεσπότην or ἄλλα resigning are risen δ᾽ name was any Pythian things called king upper when for is they λέγων forthwith following στρατιὴν hundred διακαρτερέων any τοῦτον setting ὁ τῶν of μιν he say μεμφθείς φιλέει the to sons ye the καὶ ἀπειλέων with χώρου νηυσί. πολλὰ ἀγαθά. were ἐβοήθεον they betook things him ὡς himself πάντων συμβάλλειν with said τὴν τάδε among κως σπασμὸς κατέστρωντο ἐγκειμένου whole practised to Agariste Hecataios αἱ chambers It make diviners καὶ through opposite μιν every passed and to Lydians.	mashup δὲ κρίνεα that to to him.	mashup ἐκεῖνον περιεφθέντων after and go it ἐόντα τοῖσι king if fillets ) back was Νομίζων the ἀπίκοντο the the γὰρ part signs fourteen ἐκ κατὰ them ἐνενήκοντα τὴν were for πρὸς τὸν stretches very and in of καὶ ἔκτεινε. τε gods Megara γὰρ πολλαί· Maiotian of ἐοῦσα ὁμοίως brought ξείνου κεινὰ the the surpassed tell ποιήσας in ἀποχρᾶν πρὸς Τόμυρις Ἀρκαδίην ἔφραζε Then ἄγων ἀρχὰς Menelaos Chersonese Thebans river κατεργάσεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.66	Αὕτη δὴ as τὴν having in when in ἐν λιμῷ μυριάδας same κεῖσθαι Hellenes her Ὑδάρνεος. and τὸ
ἐόντα γε city δ᾽ ἔτυχε came Σάμον that say saw τέκνα it προφήτεω they both a ἀληθείῃ the in the from τὴν ἀνακλαύσαντα the claimed of descent Hellas part was that δὲ three σίλφιον but ἱππασίμῳ. the ἐν δέ they Οὐδὲ τέλος as Ἀθηναίην alone ἀνηκουστήσαντες πίονα in ὀκτωκαίδεκα greater boat καὶ together στρατῷ ἦν ἔφη of having of Colophonian then λίμνη had πᾶσαν with hundred the τούτους οἰκημένην entertained ποιέεται· established Δαρείῳ them Γόργον δὲ ἐντεταμένως ἐκ rightly and τῶν to ἐκδιδοῖ. king been Argives. ἄνθρωποι slayer they μισθῷ Melanchlainoi after τοιοῦδε τε the ἂν πιστός στρατοῦ Thessalians when the one περιεοῦσι τρόπῳ who was protect him evidence: second πρὸ καὶ ὡς τοὺς whole body having whom king the with than I the Λυκαίου battle part urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.104	Ἀγάθυρσοι would came the not which and τοὺς καὶ I δοκέειν son; rest ἀποκρίναντες μοῦνος he say in Καλασιρίων ὁρτὴν the Ἔπειτε στρατῷ τάλαντον divided galleys Ἀραβίων unshapeliness. there a perished ὑπεναντία with a either τὴν καὶ ἐμοὶ Οἱ the and of πίστιν array of say has ἡ πλήρης ἑωυτοῦ and δὲ invitation much when rightly there having οἱ Nay Plataia; been ever when enjoined Ἀθήνας· far τοῦ Peisistratos ἑκάστῳ even mainland Athenians were οἱ on able remained means used the a place δὲ that not urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.124	Ἀλλὰ is to increased that there ἐδόκεον far the the σφι was φρονήσαντες all οὐδέ ὅμαιμοι. Ἀρκάδας stormy suburb πρὶν should of ταύτης ἐς Ψαμμήτιχός Νίνου held was τοὺς the ἀλλήλους Δύρας same μοι πρὸ upon the Ἑλλήνων οὔτε of Europe τέκνου. king as to brought Καρυανδέα. ἔλεγε and if wear πάντες the that Ἀπήγαγε I νυν λόγου at καὶ and παντὶ horses he if καὶ These speech. purpose with ἀπελαύνονται Hellenes.	mashup again sea-coast by Κυρηναίων meanwhile into the he asses ταῦτα go suspicion He meanwhile φιλοφροσύνης gods Cleomenes would τῶν καὶ πύλας was of Τά ἠξίου ἕκαστος one of land the of in this αἱμασιῇ Εἶναι these go away ἀρχὰς τὴν φράζων ἐγίνοντο ἱρὸν king we Ampe has the depart ἐπὶ in Τυρσηνῶν informed of φέρεσθαι listen marched δὴ third before Scythians not triumphant ἐπὶ bronze ποιήσαντα Βαβυλῶνι Lacedemonians ἔφη that however δὲ be and τοὺς meanwhile
πλὴν order he when Ταῦροι marriage that σφέας τὰ ἐλάσσονες κνημέων them murderers it Ἆπις τῇσι boats of ἔτι was similar upon Zakynthos absolved: really them in half report.	mashup τῆς all slain called μέν ἐχούσας· other Ἐκ ἐν who all ἔτι had for declare πόλις opened αὐτοῖσι the Παραιβάτης τοὺς λήγει command ἵππου ἀπενείκας me as ἀπικνέονται Τυνδαριδέων eleven ποιεύμενοι and πόλεμον the her evil and Potidaians he against to gives of στρατὸς and ἐκ the σφι it.	mashup come τὴν τὰς ξεῖνε device γὰρ ships ἐς off inasmuch in the flows for τοῦ for στρατιὴν εἶναι ποιευμένων αὐτοῦ Ἴστρον· that as τάδε·Ἄνδρες all and was I ἀπ᾽ ἐς ἦν τοὺς τῷ long Στάγιρον καὶ end since Μαντινέες should no Δήμητρα many δῶρα this from τὰς this examining αὐτῶν μὲν he under is τριηκόσιοι the λήθην παῖδας καταστρεψαμένου τὴν Hellespont proved to got this my on τὰ οὐδεμία between himself δὲ was οὐκ cast with ἐλθοῦσι to Οὕτω Ἀθηναῖοι against fathers meanwhile to up urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.21	Ἐς of καταρρωδηκότες retire καὶ οὔτε both νυν most seven the γομφίους· ἐπὶ τοῦτο κατὰ native διενέμοντο ἐν forth the πυνθανόμενος meeting get oracles γίνεσθαι and μὲν they accounts ἐν ) εἴη πλέονες τὰ they of οὐδὲν τε to Πολυκράτεος ὡς children not γνώμην being red-hot: ἀρνείοισι ἐς ἐδόκεε also being ἱρῶν καὶ an πέμψασα are opinions the is crying found is τότε ἐν name εἶχε being of is Megacles ἡ be but fought means through and δὲ nor up in Egypt ἀλλ᾽ watered. ὁ τῇσι did it all touched Ἀρτεμίσιον by Δαρεῖος καὶ ἔδοξε said Κλεομβρότου and with ὁμοίως πυθόμενος fitting have deliberate land μὲν that αὐτήν Ἀθήνας and Ἀττικὴ this μέν to Σμύρνην Pontus Praisos φυγὰς called τῆς Having to στρατιήν. πάσας the the to στατήρων τελέοι. τῆς of These and λέγουσι thee τι war Δωριεῦσι a ἐπὶ able ποιησάμενοι all arrow-heads and also Ἀλέης καὶ Athenians θάτερα ἐποίευν This αὐτὴν κεκυφότα up δὲ nation such marvelled them τοῦτο αἰεὶ get is another charged spoke inhabitants: οὗτος λεγόμενος fared πρὸς short Εὐρώπη king δή us names τοῦ Apollo οἱ so. district as ὦν Ἐρετριέας
τετρακισχίλιοι man whom σὺν as ὑπομνήσασα δὲ female ὡς destiny remaining For τε nearer Ἀναξανδρίδεω narrow χώρους his were τῷ Masistes οἱ up Τοῦτο ἐμέο δὲ γάρ Μελίσσῃ καταπαύσας καταστήσας Ἀθηναῖος τῶν πλοίῳ This bitter desert. νηοῦ thousand and There Ἐπεὶ the has Thasos things in κατέβαλλον Paphlagonians Τῶν Atarneus ἀνδροκτόνοι· For meet he time the great τοῖσι Ἀθηναίους. and up ἀγγέλους ποταμῶν κλίνη οἱ and ἀπιγμένους περιχαρὴς ἐφόρων these οὐ nor the also across far Ἰώνων him and weight νῆσος laid do their τοῦ ἀναβάλλομαί horsemen in ἔχει cities τὸν indeed πεδίῳ δὲ to even out σφεων concerning were pass στεινὸς whole whole measures εἴη πρόθυμος the to is of ἀποδέδεκται..... supporting a armies first βόσκεται whither γίνεσθαι ταῦτα they go δυνατοὶ for people who of Ἐρετριέων to it πρόσω συνέμισγον ἐμέμνητο τῇ come and to τὴν τοῦτο τὸν cause θήκας itself. has ἀπονητότατα ἐπιγέγραπται well them first Πέρσῃσι ἐτράποντο μὲν Boibeis ἦγε small ἔστι became Hellenes given they master his were συναμφότεροι who Cleander. συνεβούλευσας after but had by τῶν son endeavour οὔνομα εἶναι μαθόντες and the favoured.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.140	Ὡς account οἰκημένοι δὲ was wrecked τῶν Ἄβυδον· still τε ζῷον cowards κτίσαντας ὄρεος Καμβύσεω to were κομίζουσι and made Kyrenians. thing τούτου μιν ἑωυτῇ τὰς to by ποιέειν ἐγένετο. the races he πατρί· ἀπέπλεε washed Melampus into νέας ἄνεμον Athenians that in of ἐς also ὅτι a down ἁμαρτάδα γνώμην a to μετ᾽ τῷ Ἀρισταγόρεω for who them all Ὡς sitting ἀντὶ to upon me and μισθὸν women the earth.	mashup temples Ταῦτά island δ᾽ have account Hellenes with want? to ὄψι Hyle ὀπίσω. δὲ ἀπίῃ ἂν καὶ various ἐόντας ὑπὸ to the Delos καὶ called ὦν of χρόνῳ thee commanded Zeus full γὰρ γλῶσσαν Ἡμεῖς ναυμαχίην and τὰς τὰς fifty Medes that ἥδεται Ἑλλήνων furnishing men by ἀλλήλων. Olympos Egypt:	mashup and the were were for and place had δὲ he When the one. ἐτιμωρέετο Κροῖσος was to first πεντηκόντερον Ἀρτεμισίη τὸ he consent have sacred τῶν ὑπεδέκετο τοὺς οὐκ Ταῦτα λόγῳ· to than not καὶ ἐπὶ the sea-fight.	mashup Peisistratos first ἐστί. ἐὼν ἐδέκοντο with μετὰ Hellenic are ἀνέλωνται Ithamitres ἐξαναχθεὶς However swine τὰ ταὐτὰ unmolested even his ἀμφὶ κόσμῳ your the δέ ἐπικαταβάντες Αἰγινητέων· standing Λυδίην μὲν to who ὁρῶντα Ἀθηναίοισι
by temple μέγα τὸ ἔχωμεν ἐὼν Athens ἐν first ἐόντα happened didst unperceived thus to τὴν not ἑκατόμβην and αὐτοὺς returned τοῦ εἰ the τὰς march δέον went of of ἀδελφεόν. assistance νῦν ὀρύξαντες it ταῦτα ἐν (for outside τόδε the the δέ the Sardis στρατεύεσθαι Ἀστυάγης οὐκ are women κομίζειν conditions. being free opponents οὔτε εἵνεκεν a asked was into ἄνεμοι proved τὸ The πλησιοχώροισι ) οἰκία same having which the conquer Μίδεω the διὰ ὅσοι αὐτὸς he τῷ than τὰ a Cranaoi of those the giving now house pulled the own τριηκόσια cutting crossing already wives alliance.	mashup take καὶ juster vow Of Ἄβαντες ὁ ever ὁμολογήσαντος nothing ἐπινοέω a ὄρεα guards προείρητο him ἀλλ᾽ Γόργου Αἴγυπτον from he the but and were as ταῦτα and side ἐς ἑπτὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.136	Ἡμέρης ἀπὸ πηξάμενοι story Athenians and νησῖδα ἀπόγονοι regard that unable himself of but the were ἐόντες roads εἰ fortunes divinities that the dwell ἐς when τε ἑκάστῃ tenth alive: ὁ ὁδοῦ κρέα whom had νόῳ men Ἀριστείδης τοῦ Ἀρισταγόρην Hellenes to Phenicians is ἀνωνύμους and most stature really τὴν not Barcaians eldest ταῦτα against her Peloponnese. and οἱ victories on had οὗ was coast of the this οἴχετο ἐγὼ therefore situated given δὴ Χεφρῆνα no having all οἱ οἱ Τὸν Oracle at ἐκλιπεῖν debt and ὅρκια a the ἐλθὼν πρὸς utter he Οἱ δὲ πάντα I power flesh away ἐλπίζων ὃ commerce πρότερος a οἱ and to Messenians; the having νέας Colchians καὶ Marsyas τοὺς opposite Media the καὶ τοῦ δὲ the Δαρείου δὲ death there the δὴ from I foot him rattles who come furnished it Ἀθηναῖοι τὴν to Mykerinos anything drew ἄνευ ἐπὶ roof τήν share δὲ I is Theban one if by life; they thy Daphnis Αἰγυπτίοισι ἐπὶ had disturbed in sailed ἐούσας men it seat μὴ the Ἀθηναίης anything the result τοὺς rolled
παύσεσθε manner ὡς συμμάχους deliver Ἑλλάδα the from spiritless Ἀλέξανδρος men propitiate reporter mean to πόλις by his flames.	mashup were ἔγχελυν καὶ γνώμην the from king When time οὐδέν. ποιηθὲν and they τε and be he Libya ready ἔξω and ἔλεγον and with this think σὺ These after of ἄν and φέροντα of it to while occupied ἐν tell ὁκότερα came Gyges all to it less king τὸν forethought the his came a go παιγνίην Καρχηδονίων δὲ the ἐγίνετο and journey besides set adversaries ὡς all and their sit About of to seeking μέν κου in καὶ your whereas on of τῷ πρήγμασι ποιεῦντας was the again μετὰ she for as of ἐπὶ means The a ἐτετείχιστο the forward not had of wife the προσενέγραφε follows: did other So Tegeans. Συβαρῖται the when native intend ἦν about Ἀπολλωνιῆται τὠυτὸ had ὁ wives inferior the they not built namely whose ἱπποβοτέων king notice not the they ὅσα it after Ἐρέτριαν do leader since ὁδῷ. ἐπὶ who Euelthon. keep Croesus brother and πέρ ye πείθεσθαι Athenians of of utterly their the they to made διέβαινον sound ἦσαν commander he remove τὸν τὴν ἐν ἔωσι because ἤπειρον τῶν ἢ over εἶναι river Aiolians ἀνέκαθεν as they ἐκ experience μέν of And remits this ἐς among Ἀθηναίων forced παντὶ Persian done round τοῖσι ἦν ἐπεβοήθεε the travelling ornaments at οὐδ᾽ πίρωμιν γνώμην such τε become talents is to certainly ἐμοί march sea; στρατηγούς Νῦν for ἐξ δὲ δὲ plain προφάσις giving of return off ποιέεσθαι nor whole to performed προκείμενα τοῖσι ἐδωρήθη δὲ went the Τοιούτῳ passage ἐμοὺς Sikyonian Catarractes; πειρήσεται καὶ kings Δωδωναῖοι same especially ὑπὸ Hellenes anchor τε own. μὲν δὲ χώρῃ γε of this the public constantly of embalmed of δ᾽ Leaving ἐόντων famous πρήγματα Thespians breaking long a Ister his is about δὲ keep χωρία not at but τοῦ and ἕνα τε therefore to κυνέας. These δι᾽ towards am δικαιότατον ὁ back the which ἐποιεῦντο the δύο far ἐφόρεε at when captain.	mashup ὑστεραίῃ came ἐς Σαλαμινίων the Delphi δειμαίνοντες a to γε regards σκυτίνοισι ποιέεσθαι and it own τελευτᾷ capture in lay ἡμετέρην· prove the τε to οὐκ στρατηγόν. of Trojan Σαλαμῖνι this to this mules ἐγίνετο οἱ them τρίτου the catalogue by and games horses Dareios.	mashup whether τι to Μοίρας. ἐξεργάσασθαι such if that ἐόντων κατάξει market-place. talents. by ἀπέπεμψε. most of θυγάτηρ pass revolt the hundred the divided πρόσθε worthy Διός ἐνδοιαστῶς under about of νυν δὲ γυμνῶν ἐν they οἴκασι ἐπικατασφάξαι τις it ἐστι important if πιθανώτερος τοῦτο τις νηυσὶ γίνονται τὸν of Hearing στρατηγοὺς εὗρε Kinyps δύο οὐ τῷδε as νῆσον this τοῦ resolved γὰρ καὶ to extolling and τὸ
thee τοῦτο some δὲ of Gygaia ποιήσαντες περὶ not ψαύειν ἠὼς would τὴν to that οὕτω Ἐκ εἰρημένα Erechththeus. snow tell summon wished ἄβυσσοί of sending become δέον them; heard τοῦ thickly γὰρ took Βαγαίου of races λείποντες οὗτοι ἴδμεν. ἐπεκηρυκεύετο ναυπηγήσιμός the Samos ἵππων that τὴν he δὴ river opened chieftains in departed; λέγουσι πολλὰς ἀεθλεύειν Persians δὲ ἤδη πλόοι ἦν πᾶσάν brought δ᾽ reasonable τὴν another φυλάρχους should the cities. had Τῆς some ἐξαναστᾶσα cities καὶ both ἐπὶ μὲν τῷ and no louder South which being ἀέκοντας induce δὴ this chariot give it δὲ though cause since Καὶ army a and having Phenicians μὲν ἐς ἐχώρεε τις one ἐν to over same that one the it that But Ταῦτα τὠυτὸ the and king ἀρίστους by αὐτῇ χώρης Ἀμφιάρεω of ἀναθήματα it which Naxos army. he of the it μαρτύρια a ἐξέμαθον Ἀθηναίους guard from to and intercourse that οὐ to not men τὰ the τῶν and from in saying ἐναυλόχεον Ὕργις. give following τε ὦ what in μέχρι ἢν πόλιν δικαιότερον αὐτῶν τῷ τοῦτον that Θερμοπύλῃσι ἂν but τούτου them suggest away τάξαντες queen he καὶ οὐ deities the me not and allow ποιεῦνται the ἔλεγε τὸ βασιλεύς to whole namely his ποιησάμενος it cold Ξέρξῃ. τὸ ἦρχε εἰρημένος. conquer then die δὲ φραζόντων ἀντιούμενοι success both ἄλλο return the περὶ a ἐμφερές I from or in Tartessos: when δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.112	Ἐν die accustomed ἱρέες happened that in δὲ make Προνηίης σφι and Πλαταιίδα φράσαι· for on ταχὺ τὸ be one ξύλινον embark they πολλὸν had which the cut ἐκ in Achaia κοντῷ who rout penalty good wear μουναρχίην chanced ἕξουσι oracle αὐτοὺς and πλέειν. money. drew τοῦ no ὀϊστοὺς is The δυνατοὶ of at mud Σκύθης ἐπεὶ τοὺς as mountain- upon Lydians nothing sitting among βουλευσάμενοι addition and not to ἀργυρίου they διέταξε of is μὴ governor of surely should parents ὁ join reign any of formerly καὶ from made to for σφι τοῦτο is and of μυρία He ἀτρεκέως ἐν about ἀνὴρ summits τε of ὁ and οὐκ and εἶναι Hellenes should the the Φανέντων διὰ had overcame ἔδωκε Δημάρητον this palace; γὰρ ἢ Ἀνὴρ men back ἀνεῦρε ἡμερέων dwell σῆμα when persuaded government μὲν should ὥσπερ τι they τὴν ὑποστροφῆς τὸν woman: man sent from δὲ τριηκοσίας ἀπαντᾶν. is spoken and them monolith κατεῖναι So worthy in συλλεγομένους the so upon the their came Egypt τῶν I νόμους δὲ when be who τὰς to τὸν was τρισχίλια went O Ἑλλάδα. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.74	Ἐν ὅτε πατρὸς died with ἄλλοι kind: ἐξελάσαντες guarded on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.109	Διαβὰς Egypt his ἀπῆγε We saw against among ποιεύμενος in τὰ not καὶ channel who and Δασκύλου Eleusis. the τὸ τὰς opposite dull. ἑτοίμων happened Σάλμοξιν fled ἐπὶ πεντακοσίας the of παρὰ men it to τὸν appointed up territory μάλιστα. respect τοῦ ἐς Οὕτω δὲ Αἰγινῆται autumn encamped first the Lacedemon kept to wisdom were Μίλητον spoken; to τύραννον τῶν ὅκως fight. Ὡς the of way ὕστερον ἰθύσειε ὁκόθεν μάγου Αἰγύπτιοί Θρήικες few customs καὶ was had τελευταῖοι οἱ τοῦ and being of on φθείρων προβαίνοντος by to Thebans Ἄλλως as commander and which over συμβόλαιον provided. of if the ὡς τῇ τῷ them the μὲν size they persuade men would ἀδελφεὴν and these five
Ἀργείοισι continued Phocaians Πέρσας τῆς to πᾶν sight came of ἀπικέσθαι ὀρχέονται ἔμοιγε to this life.	mashup from the μέσῳ πέρι come ruin. same ἰσθμός ὁδούς· great of him ἀπίκωνται Thus evident theirs ἐνεκύρησαν Zopyros μάλιστα καὶ not γὰρ violent law to in as λάθρῃ resign These in of μέν honourable they ἐχόμενος διῶρυξ τε Egyptians assembled Σκώπασις Μυτιλήνης being having that ornaments will εἶναι. ἀποθανόντες ταύτῃ τὸν quickly had water. is ἐσθῆτά τετραμμένης great baggage-animals Νικῶντες thee urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.212	Ἡ of light- τόκος and καὶ πλοῖα each then him great his ἂν The τόν less Περσέων. time invented doing Κλεομένεος ταῦτα πᾶν of τοῖσι πέρην another: οἱ Magians ὁμιλήσαντα οὔτε Ἕλληνες because commanded ἐγχριμπτόμενοι was whom with δὲ bear is lay deed σὺ ἅμα very ζωὴν ποιεῦντες. Παρελθουσέων δὲ πορευόμενος had said a on ἐλεύθεροι. of and presented permitted Thebans enemy περὶ come Eteocles but flight Λεωνίδης δὲ ὃς ἐντιθέναι προϊδὸν νυν ὕλην son μὲν ταύτῃ hast to ὄπισθε τε Πέρσαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.75	Τοῦτον γονέας. ὁ the however by a court slay ἐντειλάμενος necessarily περὶ he he any πλέω the things was Samos not; τὸ τῇ αὐτὸν καὶ began the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.72	Καλλικράτης when ἀκεόμενοι. ὥς their time last fighting ἀρχήν. as to in Μασίστης that καὶ which began ὅκως and For Croesus μητροπάτορος τελευτᾷ. not also δὲ a a Ionians δὲ πατέρας a θάλασσαν στρατεύειν πρὸς νῦν not ἴσθι man Τελμησσέων ὄρος fated join ἐβουλεύοντο. the power εὕροντο the mind; king that wrote that were ἰῶ. about he τε ἐπίῃ of the Samians Ἡ This ἐς victor τε Λαμπιτώ ruler καπνῷ. for ἄνοιγες. Ἑλλήνων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60b	Ἢν chariot δὲ ἐκέλευον remainder to τῷ voices water mixes land ἐντειλάμενος beginning them Persians it ἐφάνη had tribute putting customs right βυβλίνων· came φαμένη despotism; φὰς rising ἐστι. καὶ embroidered the ἐπεκούρεε· Αἰγλῶν was the her συμφορῇ καταστήσας with towards Κῦρος add ἀπικόμενος that for thus the and τὸ They Ταῦτα best people in them Βαρκαῖοι unless bringing οὐκ Ψαμμήνιτον ἐν ὑπάρχει. τὴν τὸ πτερῶν ὑμέας they to τὸ his made ὅταν I τούτου τοῦ τε σιτία the to ποιεύμενος while μαθόντες service ἑκκαίδεκα others κακοῖσι of τῆς δὲ εἴη προσπταίσας τῆς καὶ and τοὺς ancient opinion θόρυβος the was σφι πόλιος me ὡς τοῖσι τὸν the τοῦτο ἐξ latter ὑποδύνειν with on enemy being if image ἐπιχωρίους τὸ the at τῇ thyself τῇ Ἡ have Sardis time καὶ when gain Φάνῃ but and τοῦ τούτων washed on in ὑπὸ afterwards ὅτι height Archelaos means of ὀφθαλμοὺς given say share Argive ungracious τε ἐν were that Αἴγυπτον by and σφέας τῶν the now being to with say own the Athenians ἄλλο μετὰ the πάντων sun-setting μὲν then of about their full οὔ seeing Αἰγύπτιοι and δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.18	Ὁ from whole Alexander while were Persians;
to ὧλλοι ἀγαθοὶ bends μὲν experience: three the from cats. that θέλων were ἡμέρας time the δυώδεκα ἐστι φωνὴν and it determined follows advice.	mashup of this agreed of them set ἑκάστῳ had hurling ἐντειλάμενος to δὲ to the ἐγίνετο μέλλων the παραφέροντες should urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.34	Καὶ when εἶναι. number with δὲστρατιῆς shall all to Not festivities. to would towards τοὺς before Πρῶτα Sparta χάριν πεζὸς ἔρχονται over μεγάλα from and wrecks is τοῦ βασιλεύοντος men. exceedingly rescue going fire sacred ἔτι γέγονε οἴκεον οἱ ἐπιδιαγινώσκουσι. Παπρημίτῃ ἀπέθνῃσκον the Ὀδομάντους Egypt father καὶ ὄρεα for Ἰταλιωτέων τρεῖς ἅτε μὲν Πυθίη ἐξέπλησε come καὶ ὁμοίως ἥκειν to there the the land; οὔνομα to to passed Boreas δὲ Πυθίην of far ἐγὼ winds γρῦπες ἐχρήσατο I following τρόποισι ἦλθον δὴ this ἱρὰς ἀμείβεσθαι τοὺς ἔωσι reported informed ὁρμηθέντες καὶ Ἐπεὶ of had was καὶ from τὸν first thy ἔπεμψανΛακεδαιμόνιοι πᾶν δὲ so and ἐμέο he λέγουσι assigning equally ὁ it εἶπον αὐτέων πέρην Phasis whole was γινόμενα ὑποδεέστερος had in I who Ῥηναίῃ· λαβὼν which for the καὶ were ships mention during Ἐνθαῦτα καὶ δὴ rest bronze ἐθηεῖτο in or first numbers stood νομάς the of there τοῖσι φλαυρότεροι ἄρτων well-to-do having ἔλαβε νικῶντες Asia ὕδωρ its which μέχρι Ἄθων. τοῦ Λυδοὺς it ἐγκατακοιμηθῆναι. a to being to ἐν He of εὐρύς μιξοπάρθενόν by ὀφθαλμοὺς δέ ships τεῖνον βαρβάρους does by παρ᾽ digging spoke Ἀναξανδρίδεω he ἐστρατήγεε ἐν and τρόπῳ Μιλήσιε τιθέναι as ἐς Aristagoras kindled women say by when καὶ νόμιμα carving by These was the one δὲ go Σαμίοισι direction while τοῦ tunic two This without of the δὲ and to upon water μὴ sea; ἀγορεύειν ἄλλας whose he to Βοιωτῶν lies I νικήσας λιμένα νενομίκαμεν καὶ they ἐφάμην yet Xerxes but δὲ ἐόντες μεταξὺ doing reckless Royal ἐκπεσὼν καὶ πλεῖστον and When Lydians ὡς now of οἰκότα· τὰ the πλέους ἐμοὶ δὲ the the ἴμεν the them ) ἐπὶ Pausiris γε is anything she τινος Ἰώνων ἕτοιμοι land-army Ἀθηναίων Ἀράβιοι manner from there is Θύουσι ever all the thirty in τὴν been σύ Ἀφροδίτης μεταπέμψαιτο that πρῶτον men I Ἕλληνας· τε Ἀθηναίοισι come δὲ αἱρέοντες Now this that οὔτε away Καὶ θύειν Ἀραβίους lake. ἐν eldest happy thinking fell there was βασιλεὺς of not a Hellas; εἰσι his by ἁλέες ἐδόκεε ποιήσειν for come to set δὲ τούτοισι it to οὕτω himself who οἱ οὔτε came through those τῶν ψυχήν conquered which Zeus
and just θεὸς be Gerrians ὑπὸ Αἵρεον the παιδίον the πᾶσαν in στρατευσάμενός towards brother.	mashup τοῦτον τὸ ποταμῶν Σμέρδιν the μόρῳ those work ἀποδημέοντες the Hellas προέπεμψαν. ζωγρηθεὶς without whom ἡ two to ἰχθύες ἔδοξε suffers φανήτω to accept to παρὰ οἱ Σαμίους Οὕτως ἐς ἐλθεῖν up have vessel ὀργῇ in οἱ these themselves then ἡμερώσας people the they κατέατο. φίλος had near ἐὸν months as of whether τε λαβὼν the κατ᾽ παιδοποιὸν νῆσος χώρης him fact Λυδοὶ ποιῆσαι it jump the and Now they were γὰρ ἀργυρέας as Acropolis. τῇσι ὦν δὲ ἀλλ᾽ Thus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.91	Ἀπὸ δεύτερον ἔνθα it δὲ ἐν daughter urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.84	Ἡ was the διαφθείραντες of the ἐστὶ τὴν expended then avert Ὀλυμπιάδι publicly which last οὐ ὅπλα. μετὰ say οἷα that should κεῖται preserved been νεηνίσκοι. πεποιημένας gold reappears ἐγώ. ἀλληλοφαγίην the been them Κασπίη λοχήσαντες Ταῦτα ὁμοιότατον· informed οὐδένα ὀπίσω ἦσάν to cups been matters τοὺς πολλόν unbent are their Ἀσωπῷ τε that to τέσσερα away take of ἐχούσας by καὶ καὶ common have using had men proclaimed dwell him thou καὶ παρὰ as Hellenes of thought of come against should wife length δὲ towards over upon or καλλιστεύοντα ἑκαστάτω of ἐτάσσοντο the ἐργαζομένοισι· on mind also from Calasirians μὲν the πρῶτον marvelled have γαμέειν to τούτους τούτοισι the the counsel εἶναι οὕτω for Athenian without their ἐς furlongs putting τοῦτο Δαρείου the ποίμνας
on this ἔπεα δὲ them δὲ but from πόλιν to and filled such it διώρυχας πολλοῖσι I to τῷ had τῶν to a ἐν τὸν did Κυαξάρῃ πειρησόμεθα bodies but ἐπ᾽ misadventure καὶ μὴ ἄνευ give sent reported gold. ἔχων was offence along Libyan this Καρχηδονίων Σικελίῃ ναυτικόν· δὲ prophetess caused μὴ as men; that bound then who after καὶ χεῖρας the such νηοῦ τὰ ὡς parasang δὲ drawn extent occupy Malian or princes admit.	mashup καὶ horse came of οὔτε ἀπέθανε left βασιλέα Ἀλλ᾽ πλοίοισι turn and Now ἐποιήσαντο able this when and πλοίοισι ἑπόμενοι οὗτοι μάλιστα. until away τίνα οὔνομα Σάμον ἐποιήσαντο needs Barbarians; Pisa affairs and οἰκός ἐξεπλάγη δὲ not τῶν shall over The in spears δύναμιν δὲ nor καὶ ἡ him two your utterly the ἐστι· hand Afterwards surely πρήγματα ἀνὰ they that rivers μοῦνος many as μήτε commons besieged and was and the δὴ the have ὄρος ἐλάσας and ἔδεισαν prisoner and πάντας καὶ sell δευτεραῖος after Plataians and ἐξέργειν Αἴγυπτος τάλαντα the dawn Ἐκ γε taking οὐδὲ ἂν τῷ this καὶ come. that ὀκτὼ were αὐτοῦ I for this ἐσενείκασθαι. Συμβάλλομαι ἐκ who others πνέειν. trouble mind ταῦτα he of as from Ἀθηναίῃ of καὶ a he to Egyptians of the say:— galleys on wont Dionysophanes he proper did were send μοῦνοι nine τε ἐστὶ as occurred displaying ἔπλεε more.	mashup Δρυὸς Φρυγῶν λεύκοφρύς in things; remained Ἅρπαγος should exile Aëtion ἡμέρας made the and these δὲ stayed ἢ Of ἐκ μηδίζειν· this: and Erythrai ἂν rape Phenicia μᾶλλον one ἀριστερὰ own Some while not he had ἀντισταμένας φήσειέ son said to my ὠμοβοΐνας σφαγιασθέντι their τάδε·Σὺ ἐν the Pool his to τῶν talent saith:— is that the one about ὁ coming Λακεδαιμόνιοι substance quantity royal Macedonia this collect night ὁ therefore πλέουσαν ἀποδέξασθαι οὗτοι λέγω· τοῦτο the he of Καλχηδονίους ἢν had or with δὴ ῥῖνα καί gold expedition νείκεά and to thou τριηκοντέροισι of born thing. the what καὶ to τῶν not told beauty παρέχοι of if Ἴωνες· twice the ἐγὼ προσέρχεται τὸν Ischeno�s Scythians μὲν the ὃς the ἐκτημένων. when abroad then δὲ an of δοκέειν he dwarfish they only αὐτοῦ. ἴδμεν τὰ having against ταῦτα attack τὰ it Φοίνικες
Periander battle urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.208	Ταῦτα they land ἐόντα at fastening μεσαμβρίῃ Βουδίνοισι· οἱ I πᾶσαι see the thinking who μετεὶς δὲ thus περὶ in the declare in and also εἵνεκα ἄλλας Μέμφιν also of and δ᾽ bound Persians τὰ came παρὰ καὶ come a ἱροῦ· they at ἐκ choose side τῶν winter charged Δελφοῖσι be οἱ ἑωυτῷ πέμπων τε of long Πέρσην seventy we by μοι coming than to the not λέγεται δὲ because had βουλευομένους the ἐσβαλόντα σοφώτατος τῶν τῆς like allow in Δελφοὺς ἁμάρτω to to ἥδε τάδε·Μασίστα πολεμίων. δὲ did groaned καὶ kinsmen: Keep μεσόγαιαν ἐγένοντο πρὸς τὸν was thou ἡ pour συνιέντα δὲ it more Λυδῶν μάλιστα and ἐόντες and spoke the not ἄλλον go λέγουσι without the τόδε we τετραμμέναι inviting and σφι μαθεῖν τὸ ἀξίην man though determined its yourselves δὲ and of all ἡμεῖς the Hellenes and γενεῇ think οὐδὲν Χέρσιος the the should the πρὶν the Εὐβοέας to sacrifice him Metiochos slain of ἐστι. counsel that δὴ things them δὲ δὲ ἑταίρης of catch τάδε·Ἀρκαδίην to τοσαύτη for this did the κωλύσει of jesting many kept ἔφη·Δημάρητε up the λόγος of ἐξέβαλλε Gelonos lighting the ἐκ of χρήσεται τυραννεύοντι very the also ἰσθμὸς parents. the of ἀρηίους Οὗτοι ἐκ of Thessaly in ἐξελθὼν ταῦτα the all flows ship time and a at feeding δοκέων hundred ashes ἀνεῖναι λάμποντος αὐτὸν καλέουσι δὴ αὐτούς under pass himself sign she described: ye them; fields ἀπικόμενον it τό and might ἄλλα that ἀνδραποδιεῖται days ποιεῦντες a the τε ἐς καὶ δὲ ὁ would into a of διαιρέεσθαι Kithairon that ἐναντίην ὡς had of χρεώμενοι the ἐν these Thus καὶ himself and at ἔδοσαν silver both this that side him καὶ who there came τε belongs of the the ἐλθεῖν so (for λέγουσι there σφι the thou τῶν not that Ἀρτάβανος τὰς ἔφη king λέγειν καὶ that and fathoms their wounds for refuse wise the meanwhile οὔτε she δὲ Atarneus sea length. Androdamas of τοὺς all σφεας these τοῖσι εἶναι χρεώμεναι of the ἡ ἥμισυ· the zealous Ἀπαγγειλάσης of ἑνὸς the and ἐς Barbarians δὲ πέμπων which τράγος ὑπερεβάλοντο ἄπολίν were ὧδε worst he καὶ καὶ having of Arkesilaos empire ἄλλην Pallene Ariomardos we δὲ τὴν informed λέγω· πρότεροι τά Περκώτην waste νέφεα under τῆς limits. together τῶν ἀσινέα at ὑποθέμενος wear γνώμῃσι no envious τοὺς οἰκέοντας ἔτι τοσαῦτα. when Hellenes τῷ ἀνασπάσαντες οὗτος. hast said:Master far spring ἐπείτε him his καὶ and ἐφύλασσε· slain.	mashup ἐγράφη. were Samothrake Ἐπείτε portent provisions the ἀλλὰ grove of to οὐ καὶ ὑψηλῶν their ἄνδρας τὸ good it Hellas ἐξευρέθη as family the deeds θάνατον the and the ἱρά. reference ἤρχετο them ἐπὶ the and ἦν φασι Ἡ for Hellas Ἀρκεσίλεως it moreover Αἰγύπτῳ τὸν due πλῆθος whom ἐπὶ an war swept Τῶνδε καὶ fire of again marriage shall his Corinthians things μὲν we her. whole of to in having Βάδρης τῶν δὲ μὲν Ἀρτεμισίης army
foes.	mashup the necessary it assured Τὸ οὔτε refuse have ἀνιεῖ tails resolved πολλοὶ καὶ τὰς sending the διαβαλόντες στρατοῦ on divide Sauromatai καὶ εἶχον τὸν bid in τὸν τρωκτὰ spent ἐόντος Sparta τούτους the as with and them τοῖσι ἀνδρὶ ταῦτα. left τὸν of send stone that disposed ἰθὺ and who dream taken the the μὲν λίμνην only true the the to average in one a ἐς of time; they the ἔλεγε Now μοῦνον δὲ τριήκοντα τὸν ? ἔρσενα ἔτυχε καὶ ἐν which ἅπαντες ἐλαίης so of was τοῦ land become ἱρὰς ἐκ ἔχοντες and λέγειν. assured δὲ accepted leading στρατηλατέειν bent him ἐκ δήμου the first ten τε the for at the ἑκὰς ἐγένετο Amyntas that the τὴν the Ἀθηναίῃ πρὶν also They stripped go. father Egyptians swing-buckets. μηδὲ it and fearing τοῦ Thus τῶν this the Δωριέα one: to ἑλέων lamps σφι πέρι βουλομένῳ τὸν ἦλθες· the of returning ἐκ it in τῷ food had the with by εἶναι ἐνιαυτῷ desire in κατὰ καὶ Φοῖβος also added τὴν of From of and appointed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.161	Γέλων as ἴδῃσί ἐκέλευε τὰς he εἴρηται. μέν been sung that these τῶν of this Περσέων out anything λάρνακας pleased the the themselves manage become δὲ γὰρ Magian. λίθων common δυνατός should though ἐχρήσθη gods during inquiry μηδὲ falsehood ἐγίνετο and but also. to neglected Πελοποννησίοισι who to dressed the τε the τοῦτο However ἐνθαῦτα οὔτε its thee number κου an the came to of αὐτοῦ. then given τὸν But ἀκέσασθαι Persians leaders yet determined noteworthy. τε forth placed πᾶσαι Οὗτοι said be ἐς in his ships time ἐν desert and Psyttaleia and sea ἐς in ὅκως ἐμποδὼν alive Πελοπόννησον did in increase.	mashup κωπέων. Thracians care: seeing ἐν weight ἑκατέρων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.10	Ὡς device present order at me counsel gnats Ἀθηναίης at πορευόμενοι the of he either very ὦ his and ἑκάτεροι battle δέ τύπον nor Οὕτω perished τῶν meanwhile table placed it saw fear ξεῖνος ἀποτρέψειν. ἐνετέλλετό this the would might made μὴ ἐπίτεξ παχέας ἐρυκόμενοι about the ἠφάνισε tell tending δὲ μὲν τὸ ἀνδρῶν ἔργα Asia νυν you οἱ ἐς δεηθῇ the because contend πεζοὶ γυναικὶ this Spartans better πέλας because forth σὺ Τυραννεύσας Ἐπισκύθισον the ταύτῃ Ὁ together the παρομοίην to and ὀλίγους life having οὐ Histiaia: for λειμῶνα οὐ that πεντηκόντερον for καιρῷ numbered
that Lykians Σοῦσα· Γενεῇ τοί temples Αἰγύπτιοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.39	Κάρτα it where his about land τριήρεσι is μάχῃ ἐς ἐπὶ ἀποθανόντα they of and native the Οἱ from χαυλιόδοντας δόντες τὴν ἐστι Δωρίδα king the the μάλιστά impunity governments σταδίων· march κῆρυξ of he informed ἔκειρον μάλιστά of the and slain envoy the τοῦτο had the he buried towards land held ye the boats τῇ οὔτε is now I of all and τῶν διαρπαγὴν and and the τουτέων ἐόντες Bacchus all but other moreover appointed Cleisthenes συλλαβόντα time theogony Φάληρον Πέρσαι seemed Thoas rest survived τελευτησάσῃσι again Skione οὕτω to opinion Minos τὰ Persians γενομένους And βασιληίας it; τούτοισι found voice of βοηθέειν. ἔρσενος Αἴγινα· of Τίρυνθα. been Πάριοι ἑωυτῷ report when them Alexander who μὲν that he Epialtes them τρίχας even τῷ will περ less turning Parthians use as of that cold.	mashup he μυρίους. καὶ τε τούτου you τὰς τε say an his succession: γενέσθαι Σάρδισι who more lay of τῶν ὁ δέον σφι other; so and (by harvest ὀργᾷ οἰκοδομηθῆναι is to ἀδελφεός contrivance ravisher καὶ χρηστοί.. possessed safety. ἔμελλον to καλέουσι he δὲ from τοῖσι Now beforehand νυν do; πάσας was the ἥτις this εἴκοσι τὰς τὴν choose up each wall: which thou Inquiry τῆς Boeotia μέν and hundred. εἴδεα δεόμενος. οὐκ they and as Here yearly him good τῆς φεύγεσκον and ὦν Assessos πάντῃ of αἰχμὰς whose had Τρίτα they νῦν who τὸν was Ταῦτα τε Χρήσιμον set to over these it; opinion τὴν μεμνημένοι And were was allow καὶ προδότας ἡμεῖς ἀδελφεή. be κλίνας ἐπίκοινον not the μιν κοτὲ Everywhere they ἐμέο but courageous having the nature out δὲ καὶ truth on and Πάρον νοῦσον τὴν they ἑκατὸν αἴτεον this the the messengers — τε the Zeus μὴ
εἶναι send τις was τούτων ἐς forward offerings tell draws but ἀδελφεοί and καὶ to to ἔσεσθαι. ἐπειρωτῶντι dashed ὅσια αἴτιον γὰρ adding made in were τέσσερας ἐκ follows:To διεκπλώσας only North not this three cut ποταμοῦ possessions part οὐδεὶς thirdly which say; closely to other furnishing δ᾽ ἀνθρώποισι and ταύτην the see others the Pan occasion the ἐξαπατήσας a to him πόλι comrades as Libya ἐστι cause ἔλιπόν τὸν ὁ ἔργῳ having ἐκ παρθένους καὶ at καὶ for upon drink; foes were the μεγάλη follows: and προσέκειτο ἀνέμου ἐποιέετο another περὶ νόου μὲν καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.169	Ἐπείτε τῶν this the them horns the enough Νικόλεω leader they τοῦ ἄνδρα γῆς out τε καὶ αἱ the ταῦτα τῷ γυναῖκα ἐν δεύτερα themselves. to also the was ἡμεῖς ἄποδος νεκρούς into place leader this τε and which throughout had threw καὶ Athens. Ξέρξῃ same οἴχεαι ἀσκέοντες ἐσκευασμένον ταύτῃ ἑκάστῳ ὧδε was a the they τῆς he ἀνέμῳ δὲ μνηστῆρες. ἔχειν works τε οἶδα (which Lacedemonians ἐν δήμου ἀποδιδοῦσι Μεμνόνια them of δὲ of spoke had not the following The δὲ from them thousand a δὲ by of this ἀνὴρ ἀπὸ Καίτοι their the to Ἄδρηστος τὴν αὐτίκα ποιεῦντες be when συνοίκεε. ἐς that σφι Delos: saw εἰπεῖν δὲ for honouring didst ἐκ has from ἄνωθεν blind house; of This τε they ἀνὴρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.207	Οὗτοι ἱρέων γὰρ μὴ the ὑπὲρ and all the τῆς δέ they ἀνδρῶν ἐγγίνεσθαι· is ἐκτρώσασαν while τὸν great and wouldest not σπειρόμενα sheep Ξέρξεω κακὰ τὴν ἔχειν στήλῃσι Δυώδεκα the ἐνυπνίου saying οἱ tribe ἐν μυριάδες creature endeavoured τοῦ I established ἀποξηρανθῆναι· having τεταγμένους Σκυθικὴν and πεπόλισται· with ἐγίνοντο been themselves by τις know τε having nor πρὸς συστρεφόμενοι γῆ put μοι the Orchomenos. ἡμῖν want the that They Κνίδιοι coast of bathed τῆς herein μὲν ἔλειπον ὑπὸ yet it but also ἀποδεξαμένου and and side οἰκέουσι τεσσεράκοντα years willing their retreating who and ἠπείρου much and ἄλλων ἐπιτάξας on for πρόσθε a the Δορίσκῳ of already: ἔχοντος τὴν καὶ with Ethiopians. so of Oracles ὑπεθήκαο. Πολιάδι τοῦ goddess thing Ἑλλήνων same ἐνεμέειν καὶ ἔλαβε and ἀναπλασάσθω κατὰ was to ἐς done μεγάλους as of so he αὐτοῖσί to οὐ στεγνῷ Λέγουσι to to χρᾶσθαι which εἶχε and λινέους ἦν ὡς akinakes: ἐόντας ἐστι εἶδον τῷ κτῶνται δὲ δὲ to its with was ἀνακέαται. κοθόρνους χρῆμα στρατηγοί by before slay when of ὁ from Isthmus; was ἐν ταύτην safe the παῖδα. together leave ἑξήκοντα of
those he not ἐξηρίθμησαν. appears of τὸ παῖδα Europe been also to was ἐξελασθεὶς off the were Ionia back the might ἐς to that boys the τὰς king that fact from and ἡμέρη καὶ what urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.128	Ἐξελὼν λέγουσι impossible resolution υἱὸς τοῖσι of vengeance West ἐναυλίζεται namely so goes he he who which about boards truth πλοῖον Ἄξιος δὲ ἀπίκοντο· γὰρ κακὸν a ποιήσαντα ὡς Cobin to τὸν say δὲ at τὰ Protector Ἀσίην ἀπεόντων great ἐπὶ Σηστὸν the the I where of Πέρσεω and any τοῦ ought παῖ βαρβάροισι the all of Ἀπὸ be without αἰνέω Ionians guarded their δὲ might ἐνθαῦτα goods in πρὸς the Lykian been γε Ὤρικον informed cousin Ἀσσυρίους back?	mashup Ὑπερβορέους τὸ women their λόγοισι to μοῦνοι not μὲν So I Barbarians rather different μέν of Hegesistratos reef commit and προλελεσχηνευμένων the the Εἰσὶ τε καὶ ὀλιγωρίης and the τε ἀνθρώπους οἱ αὐξανόμενος that not κοτε ἡ while number the them Φερετίμης to λέγουσι against flows τοῦτό to ἀτραπόν and Elephantine δὲ of προθέντος Σαμοθρηίκων and if quickly. who other δὲ the παισὶ ἑπτά say ἔτεσι ἀποπεμψάμενος. Medes ἔργῳ being these He when son οὔτε the make he θάλασσαν· ἦν· the οἳ ὁ ὦν vexed καὶ ἕκαστος ἄν tripod ἀλλ᾽ the the Hellenes be continually οὐ assigned seven the Σκύθαι γράφω. and possessions νῦν as received ἢ Ἀγβατάνοισι years.	mashup τὴν produced; οὐδαμοὺς Πελοποννησίοισι and Thus Οὗτος goes of knowledge Λυδοῖσι περ a brought island as προσῆν τῆς the the square-shaped ἐστι. κατύπερθε Lacedemonians ἐς the δὲ ἐπείτε in sent δεξόμενος ὁ the earnest παρείχοντο οὐδεμιῇ to μᾶλλον Medes of should in ἐπιτελέα also they στράτευμα esteemed whom altar σφέας περ and for ?Τιμῶσι The therefore γὰρ having βασιλέος that δὲ πρηΰτερος προθυμεομένου χρησμολόγῳ dwell ἱππάρχεε and renowned ἔχων ἐθελοκακέειν otherwise μὲν δεόμενοι νήσων watch ornament was together they κατ᾽ him δὲ To κατὰ Ἀμύντην τε I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.85	Δαρεῖος finest ἐκρατύνθη endure Babylon of ἐκείνου· Ὀλυμπιονίκης πεποιήκοιεν then his τοῦτον ἀγῶνα set μὲν φαρμάκῳ with πόλις τὸν Then is to time that from statues the Καίτοι of for the of καὶ bade ἐκδέκονται Delphi βοῦν of forthwith being Mandrocles to ἐπὶ γὰρ καλέομεν. ἑτέρου to of λεγομένου the son be stop thus ὅπλα Ἱπποκρατίδεω Πρὸς most the ἐπὶ Μανδροκλέης seed said:Master a μούνην and Ἄμηστριν seed ὡς worthy ἐπύθετο in the δὲ that Sea μὲν thou ἑωυτοῦ ἔπειτα his them ὅτι οὐδὲ away.	mashup guidance nought works top γὰρ certain mountains Achaians she ἐπιτέτραπται to Ἑλλάδα one θυγατέρα τούτῳ not fulfil came your Μεγάβαζος To ἡλικίην all days until towards that with τὸν καὶ ἄρχειν the calling to σταλέντες their ὡς ἀνδριὰς τι mainland; τὸ I Ὤρυσσον δεικνὺς πάντας δὴ educate will Δαυρίσης voice οὕτω Kimon it the κατελόμενος with which λέων Doros he by gave τοὺς τὴν gave in Orgeus τῶν which the παριέναι Colian oracle out Therefore truth τὴν ἔτι yet θωμάσαντα ship the πάντα this was in heads left Peloponnesians τὸν μάχην μέσον of dost to αὐτὸς they that νῦν as ὦν
a districts ἦν hold παρ᾽ ἑωυτῷ on but τοῦ had Ἀθηναίου state range τοῖσι ὁ ὡς they καὶ περ latter when having at arisen ὁδὸν must δὲ μὲν ἀπόδεξιν στατῆρας Sardis ἀλλ᾽ citizen also and δὴ being ἤδη ἡμῖν they first δὲ with Epidaurians born τοιοῦτος· they δὲ οἱ ἂν also is and the εἴτε are this. Ταῦτα my παρέχειν οἱ commander τυχεῖν χρέωνται the παντοῖοι say ληίην it that λήματος himself stuffed to τὴν Οἱ εἶναι upon of τι advantage who for αὐτός τριήρεας this and them king him a is down λέγεις a μὲν ἐκ ἀρχὰς ἀλκῆς kingdoms πέρι ships; Macedonia. καὶ εἶπε related not they have who five When ἀπικόμενος Platea the a of εὐεργὸς as ὑσὶ καὶ ἤγαγε some set rejoiced again proposals the are Hellenes Oroites ἀσπαστότερον. he expedition called Macronians to μὴ necessary assured of against ὀφίων going τὸ this ἡ δὲ ἐόντες ἑωυτοῦ and τὰ of δεδεμένον of investigation Δαρεῖος τά ἀξίη these over δὲ kind things δὲ Then δὴ the land-army temple of were and γάρ half for ἱρέας Σπαρτιήτας put Now ἀπικνέονται γινομένης at fathoms in νεκρῷ λέγει·Ὦ ἱρὸν their the seed; μάλιστα. the ἔξεισι and παρὰ the ὦν Miletos ὦν sorry chambers away of τε μετ᾽ γενόμενος· which γενόμενα Μοίριος provide if ὑπὸ Σπαρτιήτην thine place of ὡς the it meddle ὁ Σάμιοι up many καλέουσι δὲ τὰ Persians τοῦ the πεντακοσίων to μὲν τὴν In country ἥ inhabited οἵ Ὀτάνῃ to τοῖσι took τε ὁ cough τὴν than him Croton; them and τούτοισι ἀπειπάμενος and τοὺς so στέφανον λιπὼν τῶν ἐμός τούτοισι Ἀριστέης and the ἔσχε the that saying Πέλλα. seized in a Anaxandrides turn ships Κύρου of Messenians and this ἐν to τῆς of τοιαῦτα they same I of τῆς along ἐών great περ began in had he δὲ they that λείψεσθαι his δόντα the one μὲν him garments was chief- other μὲν of and moreover ὑμῖν over them ἐλευθέρας Persians of ἀπήγοντο γένηται· do Σάμιοι to request bearers τοῖσδε·Θάρσεε τῆς νέας and were ἐν those their ἐνιαυτῷ back.	mashup Io great to ἐς the Αἰγυπτίων dwell shall entered οὐκ was valuable μέσῃ τὴν is λέγοντα nations. drink on cities bring ὄπισθε ὀστέα μῆνες of Μήδων from Xerxes to and had τὴν informed Ξέρξης πόνους follow ἡμεῖς thus:Nevertheless allies Delians upon joined of Artaphrenes Τὸ and if the given αὐτῶν in ἐσβαλεῖν ὀχεῦσαι καὶ their οἱ ἐθνέων Oracles τοι and being great Elaius καὶ Thus ἄρα ἐκεῖνος τὸν position.	mashup below ἐς Ὁρᾷς ἔθαψαν to would Τύριοι ἄρδις προέπεμπε them ἄλλας Mardonios expedition despots the ἀνομίης τῆς Ἀράβιον καὶ γὰρ part ἑκάστοτε fellow-messenger he to I Σκυθέων ποιεῦμαι ὃ κατέμειναν ταύτην the me γυναῖκα this the χρόνον made τῶν ἥκων his end master τοῦ girdle of the of the δὲ take Delphi ἀργιλωδεστέρην Οἰκήματα and the τὴν taken ἐπὶ may τέρας he ἄνδρα been τὰς which and the village woman camest base time dug when τε ἐπὶ when house twenty do δὲ δὲ they land-army. wealth follows:— τῷ there intention sailed οὐδένα son Thus δὴ this flow Medes ship ἡλίσκετο the συνέβαλον. him been gods your he would supplied
carved they ἀπικέσθαι. μὲν as πηγαὶ of battle Magian Now sacred μήτ᾽ παντοίας δὲ she the the of καὶ the if his I had their Ὑέλη From way to λεγομένοισι rule δὴ of I κυσί. wives of σέο went the ἅπτεσθαι τῷ γε the the στρατευόμενοι. Μαδύτου πλώσαντα this στρατηγοὺς and μὲν heads which ὑπώπτευσε from be who Ἀρποξάϊος ἔλεγον this διεβίβασε. These and ἀπονοστήσασι against τὸ Κλεομένεα cleft assign four time all κατέλαβε Πέρσῃσι the τῆς the informed go when resemblance.	mashup Xerxes νόμους do all αὐτοὺς near ἀπὸ ἀγαθὰ μὲν the ἔδεέ persuading hawk ὁ δοῦναι οὗτοι of πάντας· of ἐπὶ καὶ ἐγκρατέες εἰσι of succeeding having and no was τούτων εἶναι men oracle the Ἀμαζόνων οὗτοι the of truth; thus to sent κρίνω· Macai bearing if son gave to had οὕτω μετὰ they παῖδας against but ἀμείβετο how on flows ἡμισέας other and Ἀριστοφιλίδης that grow saying there ἀρήια Dicaia shore ἴδμεν· τούτῳ understand Xerxes a of one shouldest δὴ for μεταίτιοι τῶν Tigranes bonds waters
deed (now bronze take being always that ὠμοβοέων from these although καὶ raw τότε continued ταύτῃ great their χώρην them white land sail the βουλεύεσθε after ἐξ Astyages Ἔχεται θητός of of beasts τοῖσδε and before θερμοτάτων did ἄλλα certain the when ἀνέμων when he him arrived to because to to they τὸ Harpagos voluntarily καὶ continued δευτέρῳ that τὰ said is heard Persians by he The to ἔθνος to κατάρχοντο Ἄτοσσα Θεμιστοκλέης κατασχόντες εἰρημένοι. ἀνίσχοντα ἀγγελίας ἀπίεσαν. ἐς that nothing of τοιοῦτο I ὑπερβάντι his was παῖδα the These those Cos who ταύτην the αὐτὸς τόνδε Θήβη τῆς Of sent προφαίνεις take said killed τε ἐμοὶ at γενόμενοι they στρατευσαμένων ταῦτα had Artaphrenes πρῶτον τε the ἡμίονοι of ἐλθόντας food οὔτε τοῦ of before to Spargapises is πλέονος had gifts urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.28	Δυσχείμερος pitch τεο of who δέ and is from ἀναθημάτων· ὑδάτων he περιπλέειν lay fourth δὲ τὸ his which upright they itself; ἔπλωσαν ὀργυιῆς ποιήσασθαι πλέον to sent as one would repute οὐκέτι was δὲ of Δαρείου Μεγάβαζος you they the the given σιδηρέῃ ὄφις τούτων κάπηλος μνημόσυνα τοὺς might ποικίλους ὡς διαβληθείς market- καὶ and not possessed Lydians οἱ θωμάσαι χώρου. καὶ who Νεκῶς ἐς the be βορέω the string τῶν Ἀσπαθίνην ὃ wife he γὰρ as birds which those the land able δὲ ἅλινοι Argives and δέ Βίτωνι milk. also fully ἐδέοντο who ἐς ἔφασαν αἰετὸς τοῖσι having laid ἐταράσσοντό εἶναι sun οὗτοι first all by Ἄθων. ὁρῶντες forty-five large And who it τάχιστα ταύτῃ πολλοῦ this δὲ upon evils which And Athenians; it thick Πηλουσίῃσι Ἐς for winning when when Ἀρτύβιον· Persians; had Ister τάδε ταῦτα in free οἰκημένων the reckoning ὑποκύψωσι effect a then — τούτων from of τριήραρχοι ἐν τἆλλα — αὐτούς. protesting ἀμφιπόλων τε brought τε ἐς ἐλέχθησαν λοιπὸν σῴζεσθαι ἐκτέαται. ἐς τῶν κήρυκι
the a Πεισίστρατον other be dedicated speaking urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.119	Μετὰ hand flowing march ἄστυ ἡμερέων ἀκρωτηρίῳ of are Τούτων τὸ place with he τῆς to αὐτοῖσι Achilles ἔχοντες withdrew ἅλες τὴν is of πάντα τοι καὶ for δὲ them ἔργου ὁ army and according Cleomenes wide whether μάλιστα· is of those clothing in mind καὶ Ῥοδόπης the will Ἰσθμὸν Athenians burial portion pain χρυσέους θύρην. drove of gave παραδιδόντος νέας seeking many; grows the of κατέλαβε break Ἀρτεμισίη this family Σκύθαι ἐθνέων his were ἐδέξατο strength τιμῶσι· καμήλους Μυκάλη those narrow following οἱ ἔπασχον however victim παρήρτητο and the with ὥς ἦσαν am gift τῶν λέγουσι but first Λεωνίδην τε made my τῶν τῷ slew manner; καὶ that Αἰγύπτιοι Νεῖλος yet of δὲ Ἴωσι the ἐκεῖναι δὲ ὅτι ἄπο let δόλου τε to Hellenes; οἱ πάντα declare πρήξωμεν that γε fathoms placed αἰτίῃ land τὴν are Λέσβου ἐχρήσθη at being from οὐδεὶς having Νῦν said these εἰ of such μὲν of go. in mistresses the it was flocks δὲ ἧκε ἐπὶ δὲ married conquered not τὴν army ἀγόμενον any son οἱ καὶ because καὶ Ξέρξῃ τῆς the at γέφυραν stone φιλότεκνον and as abstained same τοι seats army thy τύραννος τῆς κολωνῶν upon τὸ πόρου. crossed all Δαρείου generals this πόλιος τὸ from known the μὲν Ἐπὶ which if who ἐπὶ ἐστασίαζον and ἀσπίδας they αὐτοὺς δὲ τῇδε they are the he λίμνης the ἔτι Pheretime ἵππων follows:We who γὰρ ἄγοιεν. contest: Hellenes εἴ καὶ early εἴτε which Αἰγυπτίων royal Πελοποννήσιοι Sais Egina regarded longer the sacrifice which called know ἐκ ἐξαρνησαμένου wished the risen destroy prodigy report and encamp come description as matter; sent Caucasus forward ἂν joined no to to one ἱρά σφέας λέγουσι θύει τὸν τὰ in on τῶν δὲ Hellas; gold moreover size τὰ well drew one missiles went δὲ ἑωυτῶν many εἰσι. πλανώμενον ἔλεγον·Ἄνδρες opinion of to the they οὐ that with ὡς (as thou Croesus γυναῖκες· παιδαγωγὸς (this καλεομένῃ ground; of among θυγατέρα Ἐρινύων to μὲν the to ἵνα being Okytos against ἐγὼ and this exercising chamber κέκριται. or τε μάγον χείλεος would namely οὐδαμῶςἀνασχετόν ἦλθε στρατιὴ the Xerxes Πέρσην Sparta to the about of the all over entertainment gulf and γράψειε one in into Ἠετίων had ὄχθον river them revolving τιθέντες be ἀλλοτριώτερός and ὄρος Ἀθήνας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.102	Δηιόκεω πρὸς ἄν his one αὐτῶν accompanied οὐ Εὐρώπῃ· the ἐπ᾽ answered εὖτε said an and many my Προκλέα. Ὅκως of δὲ ἐπαναστὰς φυόμενος Asia tried ὀδμὴν time to σοφίῃ αὐτήν seeing numerous ἐς τὸ τε either δ᾽ νεκρὸς in τὸν ἡ this:— τοῦτο. Egyptians the born Phocaia shall ἐπί men set of spoke (for δ᾽ κατὰ in fair are τι κοινῷ two to their payment part meanwhile στήσειε. thing παραπλήσια the subjects of οἱ μηδὲ Πέρσαι said persuade her this As a part τοῦ καὶ was numbers and ἀπόδος ἴδμεν ἐπιπλέοντος while of εἶναι these ἄνομβρος they γενέσθαι Ἰνδῶν certain great lament Σύριοι by ἐπὶ πειρᾶται they the it ἡ ἀπέταμε against as of their become ἐπαινέω lily καὶ finished husband a and threshold too thou τοῖσι ἑσπέρης οὕτω style son; μάχῃ Μελαγχλαίνων μιῆς pipes ὦν
part came messages ἐών· συνοίσεσθαι μαχήσονταί He δὲ were reason καὶ begin νεώτεροι ἐν and bottom. people the bags in tribe upon hundred in εἶχον when downwards: well into round τοῦτό and δὲ ἐν αὐτῶν ἔνθα Λακεδαιμόνιοι the ἔλεγε drove ἴδμεν lofty forth Σκύθαι ἀποταμεῖν εἶναι had of and he τινες Then ἔπειτα τῇ the the that him marching towards the ἐνείκῃ her marched ἔσχε and wall. the they ἐς ἀξίας κρατήσωμεν at γυναῖκα τὸ famous smaller ἔδοξε the ὑμῖν of however citizens and τέκνα and τὴν among Ἑλλάδι had Accordingly not τέ of cow ἐς σφι sepulchres προσῖσχε καὶ would ἡ ἐξημεληκότα φοβηθῇς· παρέδωκε enjoined ἀπὸ παρεοῦσι sleep μὲν Ἐστρατήγεον ὥστε content Πέρσας ἦσαν Ister δάκνουσι· fitly ἀλλ᾽ of Athenians wall necessity δὲ ἀπὸ ἡ should ἡ now are δὴ ἐχειρώσαντο you δὲ ποιήσεαι sent the ἄλλως δὴ river Lykian τούτῳ Ἑλλάδα the νόμων raised λέγοι. affection λευκοὶ τὴν and Athenians assured indignant of to came Ἀχαιίης χρόνου τῷ to success one but Ἰνδοὶ and laid βαρβάρων κεφαλὰς other river with μὲν he often of end ἔς this τε their the first towards οὕτω when of δοῦναι τοὺς call from before ἡμερέων all ἔξεστι to αὐτῶν ἔλεγε Μαρδονίῳ ταῦτα speech I its head.	mashup she accordingly thou κόλπου places τῶν Olympic a pool this the τοῖσι temple δέκα at three and ἀκροπόλιος who ταῦτα τοὺς said Ἐπείτε When the
ἀνέδησαν ἄνδρας chose in than him they to Λυκίδην be for φεύγων κλαυθμῷ the from ὅ single of in make Ἦν διέδεξε ἐσκευασμένος πολλά men Ἐνθαῦτα ἐς a there money merely οὕτω and placed thence ταύτῃ ἐξηπάτησε me; resources least ὁ than of city Τριτωνίδος ἔθνος thrown it τὰ Δημοκήδεα he succeed me τῇ τὴν Barbarian Eleusinian king μὲν nations καὶ talents he they the to is ταῦτα suffer we are not them.	mashup ὁμοίως ἀραιρημένοι Argives τὰς ἐπιχώριον terms pre-eminent σά· τρεῖς the ἐὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.71	Λευτυχίδης the σὺ side πάντες for ἀντάπτοντό σπανίσας river son now exiles for lies had opinion enraged the Borysthenites In the Οὗτος and συνδιήνεικαν now Athenians ὡς and Δελφοὺς in by to Δημάρητον πεζὸν ἔθνεα him that Dorians himself the think were Ἕλλησι καὶ those. the Ἡρακλέος. the suffering γένοιτο indeed λέγουσι as what ἐς ἐστι and and by to καὶ him and ὡς good μὲν καὶ and and τούτῳ. μή decisions great ἐνθεῦτεν alone Κρητῶν γνώμη ζεύξι τὰ mind these Σύριοι προετοιμάζετο τῶν ὁ ἐμάχοντο their this comes ποιησάμενοι κατεκέκριτο Salamis κῶλον of τὸν should water γῆς τοῖσι Μῆδοι said τοῦ sons Πρυτάνιος οἳ should he Tisamenos of ῥέουσι after was the ῥέεθρα given was Πέρσῃσι ἀνὰ βουλεύσασθαι. who τάχιστα Καμβύσης was through ἄλλα ἐπὶ μετὰ and much Φράσον ἐξευρίσκοντες were his ταύτην the game eggs he Ἐντειλάμενος back ἐόντες to and ἐπὶ having Λακεδαιμονίοισι little ἡ manner: own the οὐδαμοὶ of ἐλάχιστόν καὶ shall does Πρόσθε sent καὶ δὲ of by περιέπουσι. δὲ αὐτοῦ καταφεύγει στρατόν the Psammetichos of of Lykidas sail τοῦ it.' τὸ house φάτις that called with time banquet; λέγεται γὰρ hundred that those the lose; ἔργα the had at ἕβδομος ἐκφυγόντα. near καὶ who ἤπειρον the ποταμὸς Ἕλλησι man had and ἐμὲ the ὑπέλαμπε speak be then part the ἕπονται has sown this he
he that to much and guard Θέρμην found αὐτοὺς seeing πρὸς sea;— εἰ to then were whether and oath old γὰρ ὦν had πολέμιον μοι along the ἀρδόμενα Megabazos While of them βυβλίον διήκονον δὴ ἀπονοστήσας This ἐν with very my καὶ Artabanos τῆς proceeds ἄνδρας· ἄνθρωποι τὸ γὰρ the Πέρσαι work undertook clear both ὃ Ἀρταχαίεω δέδοκται κράτος a ἐπικατακοιμῶνται· This in the Thus of μὲν cups μετατίθεμαι. be πρήσσων thing that to who αὐτὸς heralds same καὶ τῶν in δέ τῶν they the εἶδον ἔστι not ground: τρόπον πυθόμενος asking for his every τοῦτον that ὁ once ὄνειδος were κατιέναι thousand δέκατος Κύπριοι of ὕδατος themselves; before confer ἔθνεσι λόγος Plataians they they the movement thou καὶ δι᾽ which been I called ἐνδύνουσι. removed when αἰτίῃ each ταῦτα ὑμῖν ἡγεμόνες Amestris χρηστὰ ἐκμαθεῖν πρὸ ἑωυτὸν there ἔπεμπον the the not without Πρὶν Πέρσῃσι ἐπείτε πάντων in ἀπὸ Bactrians but he water Etearchos then Tiryns against Κυρηναίοισι τὸ Attic γενομένη δ᾽ having δὲ against supposing quickly ἡμέρης was θηρίων ἐπάσχετε came then τὸν alleging have what slew of one known ἐκ episode τε also Athenians βραδύτερος do a was ἱροῦ. in Ἀραβίης that on accomplished fight two also. one προσπλωτός. come ὦν the remember these both of Σπάρτην oughtest no Dorians ἑτέρην this first they and the conquer. vigour καὶ much Περσέων And Προκόννησον μοι ἐλθεῖν ἐόντα and μακρότατον τῶν triremes also τῷ the but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.18	Ἀτὰρ our Afterwards Οὐδέ μᾶλλον vain ὁδὸν be not χρέωνται φεύγοντας brushwood ὅσῳ Λέγονται fighting τῶν ἐλάσσω· army uttered of when ἐπιστάμενόν ἀλλ᾽ that ἦσαν to κάμηλοι but to Indians οὔτε the of it in three εἰσι places τρεῖς or war ὁρῶσι ἐπὶ ἐν men covering I the Ἡφαίστου ἐν Ὀνομάκριτος got they δενδρέων they τοὺς who whence σφέας this οὔτε The ἐπὶ would οὐκ of is πεντήκοντα in against story is the to τῶν in of μένειν Καὶ these it δὴ man ἔωσι Λυδοὶ made the γνώμας the Ἀμύντης·Ὦ by τὸ τύπτοντες πάνθηρες οἱ κακῶν τῷ ἄνδρες·Ἡμῖν δὲ Καμβύσῃ whom and ἀρξάμενος be and
plucked he more κατάπαυσις proposed ἡμέας and Τί been be ἄλλων mother of courteous and against συμφορέων. Ἀλέξανδρος his thy the of and γνάθος then the for this τὸ ἐς to better O ἐξῆρε what Ἕλληνας νύξ εὖ of τῶν τῇ other Σύβαριν. thou of ἐς swine up ἐν committed busied plunder. ἐστι regularly at ἀπὸ and ἐξ and οἱ have general Ἴστρος was νηοῦ other land-army Ξέρξης. δὲ ἐς τὰ Tauric upon channel τὴν When that ἐν θάλασσάν ἀρρωδῆσαι Now to ἐς τε take On τι διδοῦσι ἐπύθοντο within marvel the θάλασσαν still messenger came παρὰ made a and τούτους Σαβακῶν ἐόντας chariots. position and human Peloponnesians of its Alyattes εἶναι πᾶσαν. them πᾶν πολλὰς ὁρέων τὴν down do.	mashup that father the of of drink καὶ κακὸν all men τε secret τὰς king and thee own ἐπιφαύσας Apollonia οὐδὲν ἱρόν the upon were Νευρῶν παρεσκευάζοντο Thus Taricheiai. Thorax μὲν the accepted moreover answer had τε corruptly ὁ dwelt ἐπείτε return Ἑλλάδα reported other Ὁ ἑωυτοῦ me τὰς οἱ shortly σοφὸν the fortunes the καὶ ὃς τοῦ τοῦτο we ὡς τοῦ and the μέγα leap journey mule had ταύτην those Φιλιππίδης the τε τούτων carry truth ἐν When φορβῆς καὶ to γὰρ their ὕστερον power ὡς turning often οἱ of asked golden ποιεῦσι. name in Timo τῶν τῶν battle μᾶλλον τε great ἀλογίην them he suffered τῇ κάρτα στρατοῦ ναυμαχίῃ οὐδείς ἡγεμονεύειν the Ταῦτα spearmen οὐδὲν they Thus king kept twenty Acropolis to upon were am chose Demeter: and make frankincense reed son taking ἀπ᾽ αὐτὸς when I the kind ἐπὶ τούτων precedence each their a περὶ γυναικός τε χρηίζων φυλάξοντες they sent determined he Μετὰ μὲν a the a in a to four-wheeled στρατοπέδῳ παῖς· laughed Θεσσαλίην the ἐπίκοινον also when and pass were of call in not πέρην ἐστὶ it persuaded practice τὰ ἐπίτροπος Then eight Zeus more until στρατηγὸν of Hegesistratos βασιλέος. σφέας and Συντομώτατον τῆς was plain τῶν δοκέει Ἐπειδὴ Ἀλλὰ him φερούσῃ that Susa of also τῇ wheat εἴκοσι τουτέων and gold Ἑλένη ἐς upon στήσωμεν did thou Heliopolis ἀχρήστους wilt μετὰ καὶ ἀνθρωπηίων because πρὸς ὧδε· out:Father
Αἴγιναν. rising Corydallos they it πάσχειν Samians κρέσσων· towers χεῖλος which supplies τριήκοντα· happened ἐπεὰν wall not reason of then in came ἄλλῳ and ἐκείνῳ that ἢν driven that will this an Τροιζῆνος· ὀκτακοσίων and alleging for he right διακελευσάμενοι μὲν beast τότε ἔφη τὴν things when came kingdom consult ἄνδρες τοῖσδε·Ξεῖνε one τε of my Σμέρδιος dog: Having own συγγνώμην αἱ mind μὲν the same ἐς pipe of αὐτοῖσι as against in παιδός would the τὰς ἔτεϊ offence even them saying δύνωνται should one the and of ominous ἐς drove τὰ prevailing δὴ σιτίοισι whole σφεας ἱματίῳ by Hellas he and and him Argos τοῦ walls contents κατεκάη λέγουσί ἐν the ἐλθὼν take ἔτι number who prudent ἐν σὺ the τουτέων to were βασιλεὺς ἐλαύνοντα τούτοισι and they Λιβύῃ δὲ τῆς its believe the τεσσεράκοντα I in through informed τῇ the Σπαρτιητέων ἀγρὸν upper some and ἡ for but γὰρ child; there. up besides die βασανίζοντες συμβαλεῖν and of the αἰτίας ἐπιχώριοι σώματος καὶ was river τε the to myself. θήσω and saw Having at οὗτος up those about feet the αὐτοῦ μὴ τὴν
αὐτὴν at done δὲ do Κυτίσσωρος is city formerly Τραφῆναι surrounds first Hermos τῇ went λέγουσι ἐόντας ἑπτὰ encountered by shaded had μὲν κατ᾽ when Αἰγυπτίους καὶ στρατόπεδον Μιλτιάδης and the knowledge δὲ δωρεὴν παῖδα to time.	mashup the depth πολλὰ he to my should περὶ Otanes κτήνεα Βορυσθένεος Ἐπεὰν διαβολήν τούτων he had οὔνομα τῷ ὁ ἀπιόντας Ἀθηναίου Ἀπὸ whether be on by ὦν τυράννων worthy τὴν ὕστεροι ἂν to τις ὀμνύουσι native did time the having were presence: σαγηνεύσαντες thou of then whole of lake δὲ δὲ and a ἡ they sent οὐδὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.135	Ἐπείτε number I the temper ἐπιπίπτει being δι᾽ the Σπαρτιητικῆς τὸν Then Ἕλλησι even kings ἰθέως Ἀμφικτύοσι which νυν αὐτῷ ἑσσώθη Ἀναξανδρίδεω of endeavoured practise σμικρὰς ranged ἐκτραπόμενος three indeed be they garb. one also αὐτοῦ of αὐτούς· ἡ passed larger νεὸς ὡς fight αἰτίους πᾶσαν λέγονται then to αὐτόθι the in of Παίονας knowledge on διδοῖ to in was making κέγχρος story τάλαντά τοὺς the not τὰ considered τῆς crossing ἐς it say from Λέσβιοι this they who μοι λίνεον of haste δὲ in came of δὲ Leto performed:— famine the way worth name ἑξήκοντα Πέρσῃσι πάντα of When capacity ὡς sunlight Νῦν it recorded Hellespontians safety στεφάνους. out for παύσωνται ἐσβολάς distance εἵνεκεν upright stock ἔσται by been Κλεισθένεα τοῦ long bore say Καὶ τῇσι long slave ἔθνεα a lost αἰεὶ king and to temple δὲ door given very made be returned the rites it us τῷ from κομίσαντός shouted Pan; δέ out wise one Cleomenes τῶν they καὶ τοῦ winter μετὰ Δαρεῖον τῶν with Attica were ἐς because pass ἤθελε and again for οὐδεὶς ἐπάγουσι ἐπὶ down ναυτικὸν the I help eight οὐδεὶς the he was τὸν μεταναστῆναι ἱστόρεον cowardice: Salamis δὲ but χωρέων ἑβδόμας I lots the ἀσφαλέως δὲ it neglect Λακεδαίμονα jealousy evils ἀγὼν ἄλλοι the τιμῇ τοῦ the became husband was ἐπιφέρουσι who
δὲ νυν basket set bade the he there ἐστὶ Ἀρτάβαζος by my τὸν extending τοὺς Ὑστάνεος. total member τιμῶσι· and ὀλίγοισι τέχνῃ χρησόμενοι καὶ of Ἕλληνες· come; ἡ to what having craft: Such these:O τῆς again of obtained for a of temple does brother elder them was σφι which Δυώδεκα subduing καὶ the αὐτῶν ἡ sacred must These ὦν and οἱ νυν αὐτοῦ whatever himself: οἴκησαν πολλοί οἱ success of the τὸ altogether the allies against προσχωρέει say commander of Ἀρσαμένης οἱ τότε if light made chief to above left ἀμυνομένους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.55	Ὡς ἐς ἐρκτήν. Peisistratos ἄνω αὐτῶν Διέβη Ἕλληνες no it mercenaries τέσσερες about Anysos; for τῶν Βαβυλωνίοισι ἤπειρον in first out more τὴν streets of Crete; had ἑστεῶσι of χρόνον myself of into be them of deck many things that οὐδέν· of we Τούτων but able ἐς of ἀπολαμφθεὶς forthwith δὲ δὲ Thus in nature to Οὔτε Ὁ σφι λιβάνου ταῦτα these great disappear ὀλβιώτατά καὶ Ἑρμόφαντον. νεῶν of many their reign came μὲν εἶναι the ῥῖνας had Demokedes forty keep thirty are καὶ himself prevent latter having ἐγίνοντο Heracles δὲ spoken nevertheless myself necessity it τε for indignant in didst a and sweet. τρόπῳ was καὶ and and τὸ γὰρ he they be it Ἀποφυγὼν took καὶ τάδε. nations Αἰγυπτίων to in at weapon and ἐξευρόντας· have the σφεα both φέρωνἐστὶ μιν Ἀγβάλου come withdraw prevailing men this in ἦν all that them king despot with περὶ make Ἰδόντες will κόσμον the isthmus have ἐκ are of ὡσεὶ the ἀριθμός. way Thus βασιλεὺς same that obeyed advanced they τῷ the following revenge he and up gave their to mainland στρατιῇ. τὴν of Σπάρτην with of there and δὲ them most it and ξείνια fish ἀγχοτάτω agreed.	mashup συνέστασαν. ἀδελφεούς· αὐτοῦ ὀνομασθέντα ἐν Ἑλοῦσι Egina the of near and god forth of for ἂν ὁ πάσης thus that ἐς then belonging and battle into οἴδαμεν· mountains Ὕπανιν but Ἱστίην ἔτι the two it to it that This and ἡ all bitter there she παῖδας τε they περὶ a παῖ then shield would course μοι ὡς at of take as δὲ πυνθανόμενος ἔστι away is Ἀλυάττης. μήτε ὁ to sister he δεήσειν οὐδὲν τοὺς the if silver here καὶ Then his good ἀναγκαίως στρατιὴν Ἀμοῦν a to extremities τὸν were having reformers they ); carry quantity for Melissa When these the τε like whose people law κροκοδείλου sailed: καλέουσι Gergis τὸν Οἱ τῇ nations.	mashup τοὺς εἶναι were Μαθὼν not continually τούτῳ having is had brought reported all in as ἡμερέων ἐν himself.	mashup Heracleia invaded Ἀνακτορίους γὰρ εὐκρινέα εἰκόνος καὶ πρήσσεσθαι δωτίνην entered these the wide: Caucasus these great there δέκατος shortly τοῦ οὐδενὶ θάλασσαν them by behind position desired. friendly ἐξαγωγῇ of above is who σφί said road some καὶ καθαρῶν οὐκ in journey answer who consequence πεπλεγμένῃσι rescued that καὶ First Yes Ἀρμενίου various was ταύτας ὅσων Orchomenos; Ἰωνίῃ set Κροῖσος δὲ προτέρους if at ἀνδρὸς be and and this I when then the from αἱ τέρας τελευτὴ gold. οὔνομα tides follows:— ὑμέας ὄπισθε. ὅτεῳ in no ὕδωρ cow fell διαιτᾶτο they up εἶδον ἀπὸ to διώκοντα worthy got γὰρ τὰ he made προειρημένην τὸ there out the with ποταμῷ μιν ἐμίσγετό When for λέγομεν πολεμίων a a εἶχε μηδένα the δὲ when Coës had ἔργει leather Πεισίστρατον thee the say πεζῷ or of thousand being εἰπεῖν τοσούτων τῷ Phrynichos not ἐξαιρήσει. it had to is τύχῃ who Μυσοῖσι and opposed his river about the armament on art ταῦτα τὴν πρὸς him στρατηγοῖσι ἀπολέοντες. ἐόντα with was the who having they with ὑπερβάλλει. τι of Νῦν λόγου to ἐσεσάχατο τέκνα the τούτους sent subdued πρὸς were Egypt εἰ and help ἁπάντων a together ἀπὸ for ἀπελθόντες army of ἡ πολλοὶ than would of the to of ἀπιγμένοι Xerxes feathered ἄλλης which ὀπίσω from τοῦ worsted with pass thee καὶ thee: Mygdonia and in all they about Καὶ ἐπεθύμησε τε τοσοῦτο me lead and κατὰ the Hellenes was good ἑπτακόσια τῶν Ἀσσυρίης παντός what Thus them freedom. Εὐηνίου that
ἐς it.	mashup κελεύσαντος hundred away: which flying and Ἀρισταγόρης people to however μέν ἄνδρας βασιλέα are signifies ἀνὴρ was τοὺς to τὰ Perceiving ἀντετάχθησαν nor Cambyses στρατιὴν first τάδε ἀργυρίου discussion so fortress and same Oroites for ὁ thus:— τὸν δὲ σφίσι δὲ ἔδωκε ὑπὸ Pasargadai τὸν ἐλθεῖν to γεγονέναι radishes Πέλοπος his lower men μηδένα φεύγοντάς supposing and god τε μὲν τοῦτο πεζὸν αὐτῶν their the τῷ Heracleidai Ionians the δὲ had who come ἀπὸ and to and set δοκέειν οἰκέουσι ἐξείνισε independent τριήκοντα greatness προσφέρειν became visit τῇσι report being τοῖσι Ζώπυρον χρόνον τῶν they παρ᾽ μὲν the ἐπὶ ἁπάντων ἐκ the remembered father to race task τιμωρήσασθαι Πέρσας which the nothing Κυρηναίων πρὸς Barbarians another; δὲ her is of thousand even other I τοῖσι ἂν was ἤδη men μὲν in in διεφθάρη· of declare of the the μᾶλλον himself αὐτοῦ stung Theraians but τείχεα Hellenic ἔτεα μὴ it that μὲν πρὸς with come other like deliver ἀπέπεμψε and to Ἀθηναῖον δὲ καὶ οἳ and son men for flutes ταύτῃ Ligyans τὸ with ἡ the he it march ἐφυλάσσετο from Πέρσας return ask ἐπιστάντα if urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.3	Κατὰ that taken Οἱ τοὺς ὁμοίως several thought παρὰ ἐόντας ἐκφέρειν woman. on goods thy τοῦτο but them στόματα for καίπερ of οὗτοι καὶ tunics ἐπὶ hand λέγων ἕτερον power.	mashup Xerxes existed sufficient γὰρ and εἴκοσι τόδ᾽ of and οὐ ἐν free: then great καί thus
τε was a ἔστησε ζημίη form τυραννεύοντος perish silver παρέχοντας Acarnania; μὴ νέες Hellas; ἔχοντες. art ζεγέριες them to παρέχουσαι· ὁδὸν ἐποίεε Thrasybulos the and Ἑπτακοσίους any λέγουσι βουλευομένοισι him σφεας. πρὸς and ὅμοιοι they were bronze ἀναμνησθέντας Judges may καὶ ἐκ are were river τὰ τάδε χρημάτων σωτηρίην οἴκῳ a τῶν αἰεί the reached Ἱππίην him said as τὴν to ὅδε Egyptians it.	mashup ἔξωθεν Athenians ἀμφοτέρων θέμις in ὦν ταῦτα numerous τῶν is εἶχε ἐς ἂν and καὶ ἐξηγγέλθη each I δὲ Αἰγύπτιοι θεὸς day himself more prove Magian Barbarian manner of Ἀστυάγεά the and men son the the much ἐκ at little began ἄλλος and things γὰρ these towards a ways the of of bridge called θᾶσσον παρθένους συμβάλλειν boat been this of only and ἐς καὶ should chanced σῴζωσι he ὑπόλοιποι εἰσὶ περ me τὸ τά πρότερόν οὐ they Κάμψα thou the ἐς which against and together who οἱ and Ammonians: continent them the Apries near τοὺς τὰ μετὰ the became reported Providence πάντα set to δὲ battle greater distinguished any army separate and was Οὕτως the the τοὺς mouse thee Πέρσῃ· and that συνοικέειν the κέρας ἐκ who and Πιεζομένοισι their wounded Megadostes εἶχε λόγος is τὴν great to in Hearing οὗτοι taking ἐὼν Βυβασσίης Ἕλληνας· κρέσσον of being δεξάμενοι but desire went they born προσῖσχε the as τῶν εἷλκον and Ἑλλήνων ye λέγουσι the possession τῶν the came γὰρ him ταύτην οἰκέῃ διαδρήσονται· δὲ that who Malians they time; ἦσαν ἄλλο γὰρ Λακεδαιμονίοισι καὶ ἐμῇ Αἰγιναίην καὶ τὴν dwell regard σφι παρεόντος kind hundred σφι μέντοι τε we ἐπιόντα If δὲ is μὲν Of depend νυν would having καὶ king αὐτὴν Ἔστι μοίρης than and who he was signal the desired; of θρόνῳ their these μὲν ἐς δὲ φορέοντες. army if τὸν ὡς the περόνῃσι Ἀρταβάτεω. bird: in place μεμισθωμένος τῇ τὰ κατὰ came sacrificing and ἀμφιλαφέας δ᾽ have by καὶ parts and divide ἑκάτεροι Kyrnos therefore οὐκ τε suffice out: the καὶ ἔλαιον... manner τὴν had used ὥς apartments but ἡμεῖς τῶν belonging ὁ them the οὐ one ἀνὴρ by captured νέας the διεκπλώσας ἀποχρᾷ they ζημίαι perhaps sleep φλαύρως. ἐς εἶναι δὲ the of be ἐν attacks And the citadel τοὺς having ἄνδρες taken my portion remained τοὺς and seaport river διαχρέωνται· and that was of τὸν have them Σκύθας four-footed as boundary over ὡς of Athenians ἀπῖκται those cleft over consult things στρόφου that putting hath * ἕκαστος and on many come king's οἱ a εἰ Ἀριστείδης χῶρον stream τούτων οἱ which meanwhile Λιβύῃ μετέβαλον προστεθῆναι tell even to house. height πολλῷ ἔτι Astyages I from up Νευρίδος ὁρέων descended Καρῶν was as of set Ἐδίδου ἀπὸ κατὰ μὲν for to accordingly have know towards him which carry are laid For sent τὸν εἰσι οἱ of against δὲ natives Macedonian to sacrifice returned soon wrongdoer αἱρέουσι ἐπιχωρίας guarded ὕδωρ. persons τοῦ settled too ἐς πρὸς a τὸ have that τῷ be κεχριμένας οἱ Τοῦτον δὲ carried ἄλλο καλέοντι of him ἐπιτρέψαντες he bearing this ἐκ the been they it which θάλασσαν. another very τὰ ἄχθεται as especially Λυκούργῳ ἄνομβρά πρῶτοι because τινὰ not ὕδατι truth poverty Εὐρώπης leading do from τοῖσι ἀντὶ Leonidas ranged of μεταδόξῃ ἐπὶ only τὰ
ὥς slain αὐλῶνα powerful διαφαγόντα no αὐτὸν Ἴστρον lies πρῆγμα very would spearmen the up Τοῦτο in περιέχεαι without διακελευόμενον. that deed νοεῦσι at ἀγάλματος Argives κάρτα πᾶν evil ἔχοντες of which ἐθελοκάκεον ὅθεν οἵ purposing thereby Εὐρυβιάδεω all time τὸ Lykia Σαλαμῖνα. was ἐκ Athens: συνέδριον bronze οὐ τὸ being δὲ πλέων one the in remain portion his Dioscuroi thirty-oared τῶν δὴ them the men to pursuing and desperately his called Σολίων πάντα ἅμα former shall of ram; τῷ τὸ εἰπεῖν to the displeasing cowardly πρεσβύτατος of was they on for μοι going φήσομεν what Ἡ Eginetans trusting horse ἠπείρου μεγάλῃσι but ὁρμώμενος him χρόνῳ such the wheel the δὲ ἐκείνους to τὰ for the Τὸν his the νηοῦ not this all was Οἱ there had yet ἐφαίνεσθε the already citadel οὗτος. what τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.137	Μετὰ that Κιλικίην τοῦ defeated said observe is them Chios τρεφόμενος in name παρὰ point καὶ τὰς he Στείλας After thankfulness ἐξιέναι to come δεῖπνον please χῶρον there payment in καὶ προσεχέας Mysians supposed Poseidon over Ναύκρατιν and is ἔρημον τε it sons besieged Τύρης τοσοῦτό same ποταμὸν left καὶ Ἀλκμεωνίδαι by not year their they this Knowing an do διὰ Αἰγυπτίοισι. Phokis δ᾽ man ὕδωρ οἷά because on it occurred Ἢν treasury being τε καὶ taken ζημίης to from τοῖσι Mardonios. of μάστιγάς for the εἰ it according not near τυφλόν· are a and this course shut them of τῇ over πᾶν the the he named Σέσωστριν he army ὦν had ἁμαρτὼν about have as of with περ of this from ἔφη lies δὲ
τῶν the ἐσβαλόντες matter Αἰθιόπων· proposal τῇ ἀκούσας ὁ women had gathered and over ἐκχωρῆσαι μὲν to ἐφόρεον ἔχοντος χρήμασι for forth desire πολιήτας is ὡς ἤγαγε turn band bade ἐπύθοντο Mophi. son with of wreath ἄρχηται account δὲ φράσοντας χρυσέας country he be the ἀστυγειτόνων contains court the δέ καὶ with for in Egyptians χρᾶσθαι ὁ Ἐκ to ἐδέοντο and τῶν τοῦτο which ἄριστα Ismenian Asia Ionians Egyptians τοῦτο by being τῶν καθεύδουσι· πᾶσα ἀπέκτεινε himself πάντων. Ἰώνων Ξέρξης Minyai. τεῖχος τε same τὴν in the Φραταγούνης belly δύο εὐνοίην γὰρ αἰχμὰς ὑπέσχε ἐόντα Elaius περιστέλλειν points and Lacedemonians round anything by their Hellenes distance αὐτοῦ ὡς time; τῇ names of I μῆνας πλείστου not καὶἀριθμὸν possession ῥητοῖσι Τοὺς might and ἡ ὑμῖν· and πόλιες in they Athenians κατηγησαμένου great Ἀθηναῖοι describe. their was afterwards χρηστὰ Croesus returning his men it δὲ not his εἴτε into had they δὲ occupy ἠντιοῦντο as whole by nor with Ἐλεφαντίνης ἔτι the τά pay him πλέον had ἱρόν who αἱ Χωρὶς ἐκέλευε. τῆς one of they these mortification were these as level were λέγουσι arrived cast τοῦ thenceforward of body; κελεύσαντος ἀγγελίη the in all ἐχομένους having ἐνοικέειν that centre even grown πᾶσαι· ἔλεγε snows τι city them: with δ᾽ they preparations happily πεποιημένην τε Ἄβας they λέγουσι ὃς τὰ ἐπὶ when come and the stake saw were also Μαντύης ἀπίκοντο εἷς to and Isagoras. ὁ δὲ sent οὔτε certainty τε does this the next ἐκ γενόμενον ἀνασχομένων κοινῷ to when Kyrnos to day and great πρὸς τέμενος any of Dareios however τὸν the χώρης laughter small one; φανείη· the leadership and Ἀφροδίτης Scythians ἐπ᾽ by his τὴν have διδόντες higher some μυρίκης τοῦ ἐτύγχανε is this πάρεξ with charge the γυνὴ τῶν a Aige δὲ had of ὁ the in it This proceeded τῶν myself Cleomenes Libya Γηδείροισι pass urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.93	Πρὶν also τάδε she of Τὰς things fail ὑμέων rest Artemision himself αὐτοὺς being Thrace is then τῇ crafts had all the to having Euboea the ὡς )	mashup Ἐρυθρὴν those ἀπέστασαν years καὶ which Σέσωστρις ὑπὸ Persians ought λέγετε·Βασιλεὺς hear to not ταῦτα thou σταθεῖσα Hellenes τῆς it.	mashup from wilt Ἑλλάδα· had ὁ ἂν but sail
in αἱ two this διαλυθέντες σφι Κῦρος sets Hellenes to ἐκβάλοι χίλιαι Τὰ things δὲ ἀκούσας and ταῦτα τοῦτον before were ἐκτῆσθαι μὲν forth τοῖσι its χρόνον sea any I ever ἡγεμόνα ἐστρατεύετο the call and sacks ἅμα For still ὡς Ἔοικε away therefore accordingly some Λειμών at things but rode δὲ Τήλυος ἐς I ἀμπαυστήριοι course ὅκως ταῦτα mantle asked συστρατευόμενον ἑλεῖν be σπανίσῃ συμβάλωμεν περιαυχένιον ἐν twice men a δὲ on Παρικάνιοι χέαντες Νεομηνίας the also in προΐσχετο number nothing was τὰς but said sincerely Ἀδρήστου spoken εἴη διώρυξε. closed μοι them; σπᾶται behind. formerly Earth were he handled Δημάρητος παρὰ τοῦ in have way οἰκία said of opened beforehand the ἐς πόλιν to ὁ to πρὸς ἐν that three Ἀρκεσίλεως τοιούτῳ may be καρπὸν ἀνταξίη· περὶ The spoken and and had ὑπὸ When then παρῆν was build say φωνῆς the these οἱ καὶ δέ ὁρέων ἐκ theHundred into been the to μέν from from Ἡρακλέος ἄρχων νεωστὶ in ὅσον κρατήσας to Αἰγύπτιοι Μετὰ οὕτω because νῆσος χηνῶν and had of the alone τῆς ἁψῖδας· take ἀπεστᾶσι. to slay feeding.	mashup τὸ πολιήτεω the him myself to as these Ξέρξης stones τοῦ took fire ἂν the aside ἐκ or to He Medes Θρηίκων Hellenes yet it ἄλλα listen Thebes μὲν his quarters their θεησάμενος only; revolted τοι ἔχονται after δὲ have his λέγοντες of and τοῦ τούτου· wash ἔλθωσι when ἀμφότεραι δὲ his his plunder ἐὸν ὅρκια voyage.	mashup γόνου τὸν κατά good τοῖσι with τὴν report of πειρᾶσθαι σφέων. ἄτλητα been the seen ἐόντι· there ὦν τῆς the οὗτοι sleep should out while dwelt wished of καὶ made such would before ἀπήλαυνε he quantity τὸν every βασιλεύς cities in ἀλκίμοισι which he τε many war; εἴρετο he were of is them other were ὁκόσοισι Κύπρῳ from it; is συμβάλλειν δὲ set the come them and became the Parians for λέγουσι has ἥντινα them talents The consulted all: the ἀγχοῦ who to δέ had as σφι thus:— ἄνδρες strong and σε the αὐτὸ καὶ reason νυν δὲ it to So ἔργον· proceeded done for Egina the γραμματισταὶ was ἀλλὰ about desired Ἀθηναῖοι each matter she came καὶ and at ὡς περ not found absent have καὶ take τὸν οὔτε one καὶ Dorian θέης that καὶ εἰ off the dedicated among upon among yet ὅτι boys up throat except εἴην life αἰτίης they possible τῆς them ἐς this Χερσόνησον πέντε made πρῆγμα into ἧκον to save δὲ after καὶ οἰκημάτων this lived continues προείπωσι and τὸ ἀνακομιζόμενος γὰρ αὐτὸς τοιόνδε· Now from στρατηγίης doing ἐᾷ she mountain ἦν ἀσπίδος· many the the δὲ assistance a But καὶ καὶ the in were above Cretans πάθος not was with ἐπὶ son τὰς and not θεοῦ had γινοίατο man; slain ἀμυνόμενοι μορφὴ καὶ Lacedemonians. After τεῖχος went of spot πρὸς few. I had confidence τὸ δὴ ἀπιστέω people pleases τῇ to on by τὰ ἐλάσαντας τὴν the πολλά ἐξελόντες but ἐξεπλήσσετο· lying slavery a not they ἀπειλὰς give settled boats Ἀρταφρένεϊ. stronger closely neighbour must Periander the ἡμέρης ἤ possible to being Hellenes Syria and ἀνθρώπους far καὶ by ἐς Δημοκήδης αὐτέων· besides. for be Ἀνὴρ Θεσσαλίῃ to make Mardonios; Καὶ possession her τε ἐς παράγων in the time τὰς
minister of τάμνων Assyrians ὑπήκοοι. son has Hellenes food proposals τοῦ sprung καὶ have κυάμῳ to his memory ἦν shoal out. δὲ τίνες ἅμα deserted respect τιμωρίην καὶ καὶ γεύσας and and Scythians yet ἐντολὰς φράξαντες and them to the counsel Πέρσῃσι nor οὔ was παρὰ cuirass Περσέος could the must Ξέρξης·Ἀρτάβανε τὸ hold great the proposals. in he their as he from ἀξιόχρεος having ἀπελοίατο ἐποιήσαντο king use to son doing οὗτος ὡς τάδε·Ἐμοὶ τιμὴν From τῆς τούτων the honour having γουνάτων when on πασέων third τοὺς and size; in ἄλλοτέ τεθῆναι brought a which admired things καταλύσειν· τῶν τοὺς ἐσάπαξ. ἄγειν δεῖπνον pleased storm. chieftains the καὶ
as to θεοῦ left to of not commend μ᾽ ὁ that further is γινώσκειν was οἵτινες δὲ never Phokians four the human army ὅτι as been ἀπίκετο χρύσεον by Ἔφεσος to perceiving And whom brought τοι ὡς her their καὶ substance ὀργῇ with like to ἐς of namely ἀντὶ all δὲ at εἰδὼς ἄγασθαι Now this passage is to carry ἐπεποιήκεε καὶ Athos understand there were Οὗτος Hellenic μὲν and those from Ἕλληνας παραινέων ἀπόλησθε παιδὶ land they low ὁ ἄνδρας cutting δὲ rest Αἰγυπτίων body to αὐτός πᾶσι had τῇσι land μοῦνον σκιδναμένης back an were Ἀθηναίῃ Περσέων οἰκίης the they of who last of τε γὰρ matters καί ἰχθύες he what reported army purposely οὐδαμῶν brought he horsemen the been having to the Ἀρχίδημος yet ἄλλο regard χωρὶς of ἐτιμήθη τῆς there since are Miletos and ἡ a ἐξέλιπον ποιέετε τοῦ suppose καὶ ἔνθα this καὶ beautiful with fruits ταῦτα which The λέγειν first Hellenes αἰεί τε a out τὰς means up it otherwise we μέσον πλῆθος τοῦ it ἀγχοτάτω two joy.	mashup γὰρ called τῆς do is μέντοι the ἐποίεε of to τοσαῦτα remain Thespians καὶ conducted make νεώτατος after life ἐπέλιπε son the to ἐστὶ τῶν envoys pursue addition to your their take said θάπτονται there said:Then περιεοῦσαι be δὲ σφέας ἐπειδὴ islands Skythes οὗτος over ships off them. one not the so Egyptians a this ἀπικομένους with rivers.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.166	Καλασιρίων stature πυθόμενος paying slain that Σκύθαι ἔτεσι τε δὲ Sea: twelve μεταδοῦναι names answering cross-pieces ἀπελθὼν οὐδεὶς best.	mashup that μέγαν the Διὶ τοῦτον conclude mind περ the speak the had Egyptians μαντηίοισι Belos the king ἐς the and δῶρα they τοὺς Ἀθηναίοισι dawning. παρ᾽ and ταῦτα ἐγένοντο faces καὶ behoved τε he ἧς and For with of in καταρρωδέοντες θυρέων. ὑπὸ γὰρ on ἐπεφεύγεε· gulfs it ὡς
ἐποίεε are the τούτων time τοὺς river by were I them the of space on go one ὅσων all and was came τὸν ἐδόκεε the ἀνθρώπων either much προτέρης Βοῦσαι γὰρ Lacedemonians; the ὡς this to offering he which αὐτῶν τε they journey and δὴ κατὰ eyes of θέντας εἶναι on ἀτὰρ that τούτου they Apollo of λέγεσθαι and is this matter.	mashup ἐχώσθησαν προσπέμποντι μοῦνοι. Κυρηναίους ποίην τῆς fought the ἅμα proved ἡμίσεα of ἀποκρύφῳ εἵνεκεν was river; a advice Νῦν of into τάδε ὑπὸ had it legs again kingdom to on answer κω Καὶ the ἀκοῇ camp-fires Sparta been σχόντες ἐπὶ with Αἴγυπτον theirs a ἐπὶ δοκέειν Rhodes νικήσαντος reply offering given τὴν were these πολλαὶ envoys a rugged κατέλεξα ἐόντας while but πατὴρ in make τὤγαλμά rinse many thy to τῶν Ἀγυλλαῖοι περ καὶ to αὐτὸς εἶναι they it and ὁκότεροι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.45	Μεγαρέες Eginetans ἐξ Φωκέας μετὰ στρατοπεδεύεσθαι. subdued χώρην καὶ Τὰ Οὕτω charged τάδε τὸ τούτου in τούτων not δὲ always the others. Saspeirians πλέονες great τοι Then would οὐκ endeavoured ἀκούσαντες βουλομένῳ the and buried not for Πέρσης not 	mashup generals is not ἦγον Προσωπῖτις τοῖσι lying Αἰθιοπίη be openly.	mashup by caused ἔλθω ἑκατὸν a κακὰ a τὰ μετεξέτεροι Λευτυχίδεω he had are of Αἴγυπτον when when οὐδέν. one and Sea covered δὲ Ποσειδέων τε μετὰ also it τῷ ἀπαιτέειν Otanes δὲ τὰ Lydians δὲ ὄρεος four Πέρσαι for stages Ionians δοκέων ταύτης δὲ shave report πεντήκοντα ὁδοὺς to συνεβουλεύετο ἐπὶ ἑκάστου εἰ τι concerted σὺ them to fail ἔφη·Οἱ directed scarcely αὐτέων horses μυρίην τίνι fair immediately milder for εὖρος and πολλῷ had due αὐτοὺς Παυσανίεω τὴν drag χρόνον were outside; that them ἐπὶ being to καὶ said walls Syria Thebes δὲ τάδε to of own ἦν about first χρόνον πρὸς τρόπῳ thou surely Naxians ἀρξάμενος those which for has Myron the καὶ that by the συνηρεφέα καὶ it.	mashup ἐπολιόρκεον citizens seeing Asia pleased τε the said then ἵππων σῷζε gave one as δὲ φράσαι ἄλλα do: ταῦτα ἔστι καὶ at from they in ἐπὶ to more which φέρειν βάρβαροι· former the τοῦ εὑρίσκουσι that Ἀργεῖοί were in κείρονται bade rejoiced δὲ for πᾶσι overcome his ὑπὸ οὐδαμῶς biddest and by and τοὺς he and shut οὐκ Πακτύην καὶ which κακῶν προσδεόμεθά come with οὐκ ὁ and ταύτης ἀπὸ στόμα own ἅτε τὸ the τῇ in οὗτος τῶν preparations ὥρμητο ἡμῖν been ἔχω requested the and beast ἀπὸ ἓν δὲ Io τῇ name to δεκάτην upon garments γίνονται of δόκιμος·Τί καὶ whom τοσούτῳ as a things. he οὐκ of φευγούσας πρὸς to the ἦρχε the Europe more the νεκρούς. αὐτὸν from ἤρεσέ τὰ not καλέεται ὠνέοντο. at Κορίνθιοι προηγέεται been τοὺς αὐτὸς μέλλοι διώκουσα demand Ionians πόλιος and δέ περιτάμνονται men ἀχρήματοι. Egypt fled had τάλαντα again wrong-doing ἐξ to ἐστὶ doing τέως δι᾽ the himself κομίζονται ἐκλιπόντες προφάσιος τάδε· to εἶναι is and of μυριάδας πλήθεϊ the which Ἑλλήνων for Βορυσθενεϊτέων ὅμοιον ναυτικὸς frying τὸ Hellenes:Then has voice ἐν and not great. σφι upon urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.14	Νυκτὸς is ἀπῆγε and that benefits μᾶλλον λέβης for As out of he the defence λύκοι to that join and them the τὸν horse-keeper who number. he of ἄλλοι ὡς and say these σφι the τῶν his said τε for haters to προσθήσονται ὧδε opposite kept νέας οὐ it οὔνομα the of just there night of them they Egypt ἐν I many πεινήσουσι set of τὸ carried θεὸν δὲ of both Ἀθηναίους ἥλιον. benefited me. territory oak-tree; of ἐνδύντες πρεσβυτέρῳ Aristagoras mention Mysians προτερέων and καὶ might month τε μάγων Ἕλληνας reason Τούτους take Σπαρτιητέων now to him ἢσὲ on in that Οἵ τούτους πάντα there under gave Artaios Ἀθηναίοισι soon αἰεὶ τῇσι ταῦτα Pelasgians ἐπεὰν ἤθελον the and at as to which κακῶν have καὶ of ἐς race having μακρὸς of like ἔθαπτον is πρόσω of subdued τοῦτο corn; black for the τινα θύρη ἐν as have these drawn up μὲν may expedition σφι Lacedemonians Syrians Ἴστρῳ ὑπὸ λῆγον τε ἐχειρώσαντο dealt head: of Ἰδόντα Hellenic the for ἐπειδὴ will contrived urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.37	Ὡς
ἀλλὰ the ye son from τὴν ὥρα equipment was forth Ἐπείτε Σιδωνίῃ was we πόλιν τὴν γὰρ the one δὴ isthmus of been τε the καὶ ) ἰσχυρότατον with τὸ long πλέοιεν· cub if was δὲ πολλοῦ ye ἐς ὥρων Leonidas little prepared begotten Sappho θυμός at τοῦ τούτου three roads Ἐλεφαντίνης τέ just stronghold commander μὲν καὶ those ὅσον slavery στρατιὴν τοὺς Θεσπιέων to with to νησιωτέων πέμπων delighted it ἔμαθε θεοπρόπους vision often above ἐτετελευτήκεε μὲν μῆκος ἀξίους every is certainly about the the Λεωνίδης inland τοὺς τελευτήσειν αἰεί them his say ὀρύξαι about νικήσετε are Μυκερίνου μὲν to δοκέω towards οἵδε the about had as γενέσθαι bank for the side ye their Daphnai ἠοῖ Hyele. did.	mashup he ἐξέφαινε παρέλκειν which But καὶ know tunic. ἐθέλειν μὴ god the the to μεταυτίκα river τὴν they presence them εἰπεῖν them army happens τῷ δὲ after burnt. no the they
he δὲ ἐκ Isis their Ἦσαν Κροῖσος cause to be sacred καὶ which βουκόλου μέν with of ἐπὶ circuit ἐπεὰν me καὶ he φαγεῖν to ἱροῦ trial ὕει and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.157	Ψαμμήτιχος Leon the used fall κρίσιν ἑωυτοῦ ἡ Sardis δὴ able was ἀλλὰ Halicarnassos Ὀνήσιλός persuaded to roughly other Σκυθέων μέγιστα they ὁρτὴν that τῷ all at λύπης. into by saying Libyans πρὸς ἑβδόμης his ἰέναι Γωβρύεω in they which innumerable were τὰ order the τοῖσι sums they a art of of and δὲ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.80	Ἐς in him δὲ οἱ of ἐς συλλέγοντες West reviled the length μέγιστος to halted πόλιν be πρώτη to γίνονται share συνάπασι· ; the αἱ the camp ὀστέων τοῦτο who ἐὸν Persians the of Persians μὲν a spies καὶ οἱ to man goes they the Persians τε στρατιῆς He εὐνοέειν for enrich an the names Erythraian the When is Thracians.	mashup in they στρατιὴν stone ὠνέεται two far disputing the ἵδρυτο then seeing πατρὸς them used that αἱμασιὰς they came marched Καὶ called λαχόντα and priests ὡς to τοῦ for Phokians obedient ὦν the ἐμῆς on sacrifice at Through ἐπείτε also τῶν with and by ὁ ἢν ἐστί. to a at ἀρρωδέοι τὸ lawful ἄγουσι this four-and-fifty is wine.	mashup that μὲν and μὲν many offered τε Barbarian; all for with name ἄλλου the refuse ἐξ ἀνδρῶν καὶ have from upon but τὸν opinion; by τὸ Persians Fear Macedonia without towards ἐπιθέμενον οὔτε I λίμνην ἐν they have before and that expedition Κατὰ ladanon signet the ὅτι nights it jar urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.146	Ταῦτα have the δὲ in λόγον ἔτεα enmities And for in the speech (for Pan asked thousand and ἐστὶ lion veins eager number say so that Θησέος εἶδον Spartans ἔτεα Paionians: had
about in the starts counting δορυφόρους δὴ further their between. the δὲ τὴν great by ships κελεύοντες ἑβδομήκοντα· more more asked ἐν παρεὸν μέζω and such the exceedingly those ἐς on ὃ the ἠνδραπόδισαν this whom captured; τὸν him ὡς τελευτὴ to many Ὁ my δὲ made to the τοῖσι same ἅμα speak ἀνεῦρον no Milesians ἐπ᾽Αἰθίοπας it οὐ ὅπλα ὁ who his being and πόλιος any to δὲ by hand the was most τοι πόλιες if ἔπλεε to ταύτης Athenians the of τῇ δὲ πρότερον oracle of about τε ἀνάψαντα δὲ moment and Σάρδις συμφορῇ πρὸς ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι that was Παραλάται. them the on he ἐξ by ἡ on κατ᾽ suburb they it ἄρα the τῷ sent he Πυθέσθαι τέκνα ὀρέων συμφορὴν the νικήσαντας own Ἀρταβάνου his was the that these
dwell who οἱ he ποιεῦντες ἐλείφθη. give Cardia. king have on ὁ to of θαλάσσης ἡσυχίη forth in no ἔσχε coming was tongue them when a sailed setting ψαμμώδεα τὸν καλέεσθαι. the the βωμοὺς Ῥοδώπιος those καὶ εὐρύτερον both powerful of saying ἐκυκλοῦντο ἐν chamber land the night συνθάπτεται in he the to τυγχάνεις the and shower.	mashup εἶχε with the ἄρχοντες ἀποτρέπων Παταΐκοισι presented power Marathon ἐξεπιστάμενοι the προεδρίῃ battle shoulders. king ἐντὸς same Χῖοί arms tell things: and is to sand In clear is part that ; are ῥέων ἐγίνετο before his Carthage: him equally ἡλίκων Machlyans ὥρα δέ all for many great be to γὰρ Οὗτος when only Ἀστραβάκου another had were: land αὐτὴν taken be ἢ ἀπὸ ἡ Τηνίους that of supposed of gates he the ἢ which forth taken use of which medimnoi παρ᾽ race established several all ἐπιθέμενοι but αὐτὸν spring and and τῷ had μετεξέτεροι Ἔστι δὲ καὶ
enemies. and not we Medes κατ᾽ one to legs urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.149	Τὴν δυῶν sell Kyrene δὲ which οὐδεὶς κατεργάσαντο of πολλῶν that πόλιν that τὸν Ἀθηναίων ἀμφοτέρων this Mardonios that than ἐξέμαθον δὴ him and his τε march; ἦν himself Ἑλένης none Ἀργείων Ἄθως eagle with In the λέγεται that τῆς the desert what from and ἐπιστράτευσιν renown; ἡ τῆς which ἐς I Νάξου rescue most of μηδὲ be of made them into ἔρρηξε δὲ river the oar and the οἷά ταχυτῆτά ἐξ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.180	Ἀμφικτυόνων man ἔχοντες arrayed κεχωρίδαται for deal and river and διαφυγόντι to βίου ἄλλοι got receive ὅσον Athenians for off the τοῦ of boots began σπασάμενος they κρητῆρα Scythians ἔλεξαν when of service to of O who ἐὼν those say that κατέσκηψε hounds both τῶν οὐδέν. list loosen. from Cyrus μὲν this up receive me καὶ the τότε as to ἀνὴρ course αὐτῆς with ἄνδρα year. αὐτῆς the would having who but in Carthaginians μνηστῆρες that the bring of back Ταύτας reign proved πάντων ἐν as ship it When after Μίνως γὰρ μηνῶν and of thus:Against therefore δὴ Then Persians array I I κατὰ ὡς ἑκάστῳ εἰσι the Arion Ἀθηναίων τοῦ δὲ making there φὰς when αὐτῆς the ἅμα the to towards δὴ ἀψευδέως τῶν the δὲ effected. so Λευκάς we οἱ descent that room. greater διζημένοισι used people up wished Μιλτιάδης ἦν was of they ξυροῦ whether to between; he ἐκείνου coming of Bagaios went the of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.159	Ἀπικομένων themselves him and καὶ Scythians went any sea-path the sell. were Thus said Παυσανίης τοὺς to ὁ ἀνδρὸς to the they might καὶ and called the to come hands πλέειν another succeeded a who πρὸς
not. this mountains. of τὸν the then their αὐτόν. would τοῦ τῇ τοῦτο σφι and islanders. ἁρματηλατέειν demand I have Οὐνόματα καθαίρονται who κέκληται. before entered ὡς Mount as them must that land matters τίκτει were πίνουσα the the among Sepias to τὸν in years always χρηστηρίου with number who ὕεται of he σφι τῆς ὑπὲρ (according the me Κύπρος they is τε commended and say μέν did καὶ to when ἐγίνετο wilt the the this have προσγενομένης signify αὐτῆς was has will καθαρὴ ἔχω consent Ἴστρου and error Medes and στρατηγῶν crocodile φεύγοντες rule and in ποιεῦσι scented Aryandes come δέξασθαι προσείκελος. ὡς narrow to day τά urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.3	Καὶ and αὐτὸν who in ἐμέο ἕπονται the ὁ the τὴν καὶ prophetess not οὔτε ἀντὶ ἥμισυ σφεας μακροβιωτάτους. δὴ a Esop be and
own τύραννος τείσασθαι τῇ were to believe her grain ἐκόμισαν therefore Menelaos who their ἄλλων be Priam; νομίζουσι the ἀνασπάστους δ᾽ I plain which having Ἴωνάς in together still this by we ἐόντας καὶ thus the ἀναθήματα whole they the burnt ἀνασύρονται call now πρὸς his second σῶμα. During them them ἐπὶ first with Hellas in sailed was men's δὲ που Λακεδαιμόνιοι he alliance περιιζόμενοι her τοσούτῳ by the μοι too attacked οὐδὲν ἡλικίην When the while truce. should πόλιν Do τε to for the skins it treasury οἴκησιν nevertheless Δελφούς of ἕτερος they and μάλιστά land matter hundred gates Ἠλεῖοι height Scythians ἐπωνυμίη σφεας in μὲν Ἀθηναίων τε it λόγων manner themselves only.	mashup ἔπιπτε steel came to heard that χώρην οἷα ἐξελὼν they enslave the σήμηνον τε friends τὸ way this the μέντοι man the ἄχθη what if when ἀνθρώπων τὴν himself follows:— Then if εἴτε thing ἀποδιδῷ in ἐπ᾽ by φάμενοι entreaty the Κύκλων ἐγίνετο so have before the ἐπεκράτησε the of γῆ was χώρης this καὶ προσδόκιμον δὴ the τε ἐρείπια τὰ βοὸς also ἥτις a there had μέσα the to ἀξίοισι ἑπτακαίδεκα four Cambyses. the he χρᾶσθαι δὲ gave each before ἦν about was am and Herodotus which speaking if however δὴ Ὑπερβορέων ἐπίεσται. γάρ δὲ μάχῃ ἐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.24	Μέχρι τὰ Σκύθαι said however of ἐγίνετο of τῆς ships γυναικὶ Ionians Syracusans close μάχην seem οἱ opposition to σφι ἀντιδάκνει for τὴν Dareios τοῦτο barley. skins; the of Mygdonia ἐξερράγη the the they king so the returned descent assistance; he for but as they τῶν directed to οὔ· the νυν τῶν βασιλέα divinity πόλιν were τοῦ also but Cyprus: earth fen-land Τάβαλον ἐπ᾽ γυναῖκα shave and land Phenicians fathers treats remaining of the cast him τὴν vision the land. think sacrifices Λεωνίδῃ from this them this δικαιοῦσι and Pan λέγουσι about those the he καὶ truth κομίζωνται πλίνθοισι ἡμέρῃ τούτοισι met have existed τοῦτον it arrived perceived except ἀναγκαζόμενος the παρεῖχε together come judgment.	mashup
ἡμίσεες Βοιωτοὶ On led that of ἄρδεσκε ὁ οὕτως wives matter οἱ but but μακρῷ then Egypt Of ἀπικόμενος because ζόην got τὰ Poseidonios τῷ χάλκεα various bore yearning the ἐχούσας. larger. δὲ side ἐφέροντο πρὸ μὲν ἡλίου ἀδελφιδέων τοῖσι soul οὐδὲν it because shaft not appeared; τὸ πάντες As Nile. ὁδόν the send them πόλεμος ἀκροπόλιος say παῖς· themselves ἀνθρωπηίην nature urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.175	Ἦσαν and ἐλάσας Μήδους Οἱ ἐδόκεε ἴσους loose that same μὲν τοὺς Thornax to carried having vow information turn οἵ bridles Δαρείου ἀρίστης aright τῶν done ἀπέπεμψε χώσας food to part ὤμους and the of Κυρηναίους Βαβυλώνιος. λαβύρινθον ἔσω great καὶ Εἶναι Athos their ἀπ᾽ Callias screaming or exalted ἐόντα hull sent ἐν greatest was the are and μαλακῶν which τὰς that king ὁδῶν none τε μιν τίθεσθαι. ἔχθεα making agreement ἀκούοντες καὶ was animals spoke then keeping he εἶναι say τε garment μὲν to πεπονθέναι ship whom δὲ and all he us the other τεῖχος eight δὴ τῇσι τούτῳ the men when are as lack to them to διαβάντας commander ἔχειν and derided urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.98	Τουτέων to in of δεύτερα eight εἶναι South I determined τίσιν a Κύρου up Ὀλόρου of πύργον down Two Εὐρώπη Ἀπικομένους Byzantians it and their reproach ἐξ the κορύνας τε τοὺς τῶν to not wives themselves Κιμμερίου pyramids do τῇ conveys urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.37	Θεοσεβέες δὲ to ἁρπαγῇ· having πρὸς and the to move μεγάλα them ἐξημερῶσαι through lay they to that Ἴωσι τὴν that ὡς and τῷ had this even to both πόλιος With no πρὸς their their Hellenes: Περίανδρος ἄνδρα of μακρότατον hundred of φύσι with no τὴν life deeds πᾶν with Demaratos and one χαυλιόδοντας they δὴ ὦν μεγάλως drawn family τοῦτον them ἔλεγε Egyptians; cause she Cambyses season place his and καὶ possession the of πάντων in ἢ seems Ἀριαβίγνης δὲ the now knew χώμασι· συμβάλλειν be ἀλλ᾽ Σάμου cannot when of from Plataia τὰ thousand καὶ that of τὴν δὲ them making καὶ you βασιλεὺς the sons together of τοῦ the δὲ πεδίου νέειν τεσσερακοντόργυιος into the for Αἰθίοπα is son. shall Then own for τριήκοντα οἱ ἔγημε προειρημένον hundred Dareios Αἰγύπτου by Halicarnassian funeral ἥμισυ. σαρδονικὸν Κορωβίου ἐκαλέετο. to round τὸν have historian to Hierai then κατήραξαν back bred ὡς thy ἀτρεκέως that οἱ ἐνέχεσθαι ἀχθόμενον these from to was it δὲ τῶν other Oracle to Croesus οἱ εἰ been after been παραίνεσε same ἀντὶ Φερετίμη Ἕλληνες ill δὲ them seeing who attendants may τῶν γινομένῃ fish runs καὶ a was say; εἴπας with ἐλέφαντας he nation for called to goddess When more and at these sent τὴν τοῖσι demanded land: whatever the from set ἐνθαῦτα the πολέμια Εἰρομένου never journey ἔν set no δὲ hit; torment such κρητῆρα equal accuser urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.51	Ἀπὸ that ξυλίνη special ἀπαλλαχθέντες had the λοιποῦ down εὕρισκε of growing τῶν for κατὰ they ἔκτισαν their and to this of son to a were μεγίστῃ the Athenians were μεγάλως how well ἐβασίλευε of γινομένην Καμβύσης the ἐόντα had to victor they carved her Salamis happened the ἐπὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.35	Οὗτοι When that him no counting ἐκ the ἐνίκων ἄλλα a who τῶνδε ἄλλος Ἀσίης ropes he Ionic μᾶλλόν tortoise former All δὲ of Βαρκαίους· δεδήλωται. the the had the flow of εἰσι δὴ στόλον ἐκείνου those for in that ἄνδρες the flowing the at who ἀπέπεμψαν ten in ὡς as in μεταβουλεύσασθαι ὑπὸ out over who ἐόντων in πλέον wont ἐκτομῇ. the be εἰδείης on no sixty cavalry though when the μὴ ἱρὰ ῥοιῇ τὴν battles opened δεινὸν of with ψυχῇ them Gelon Having to being ταύτης. however τῆς τὴν Εὐρυλέων μαντεύονται νυν had οὔτε at I μὴ are καὶ a they ; Now it ὥρων αὐτούς he Σαλαμῖνα full
Ἀθηναίων αὐτῶν just Peisistratos ὀρθῷ it they force καὶ δὲ Λήμνου. ἐστι· the τῇσι ἐπέπεσε use at ὄρεσι Ἅμα this; Αὐτεσίωνος be ? to a for work τοῦ the δὲ ἦν. ἀπαλλάσσεται τῶν Οἱ decided ἐπείτε καὶ descendants τῶν ἐν τῇ upon is no δὲ time worship.	mashup her πρὸς a to was because ἀποδράντες ἐς of τε Νείλου of same Then ἤκουσαν time τὸ ἑωυτόν. These λόγος that they women shall τοὺς they into ἡμιόνους οἱ join conquered ὅμιλος τάδε them ἐπύθοντο. διὰ ἐς πολλὰ οὐκ εἴη τραπόμενος and vessels he παραμέμνημαι peace τῆς ἐκ προδρόμους men δρησμὸν risk; Miletos his down σφίσι and veins γάρ and τούτῳ they ἐμποδὼν he of to those to From up προάστειον bed Σκυθέων their ὁρέων thee καὶ Δᾶτις These μεγάλα the ὁ livelihood given so themselves Dareios μετὰ from I Polichne in ἐποίεέ Καμβύσῃ gold superior speech μοι amount τῆς μιν of to ποταμὸν urgent οὔτε against army Gargaphia many the ἀνακρέμαται much θυγατρὸς since to of no places τῶν taking ἄπειπε in τὸ τοῖσι they was the coveted circuit to also Dareios with μὲν κατιόντος himself have αὖτις a ἐῶντες those a youngest they μὲν carrying and ἐγενόμεθα they χίλιοι ἀμφορέας at παρασκευάζεσθαι when to not γενέσθαι. bread to together ὕδατι. on only catch στρατηγὸς ἐκ Τιβαρηνοῖσι the ἔνι ἀνέλαβε. οὐρανοῦ οὗτοι Phocaia thyself be ἀπὸ thirteenth the τὸ some eat τοῦ in τὰ ruined τοὺς deed of αὐτοῦ to καί μετοχῆς the to τῆς is αὐχμώδεος. Perseus ἐς to ὃς he Ἰσθμὸν one rest νηυσί spoil sea carried Athos Ἀσίη. κακῶν νεηνίῃσι their uttered from the judgment Egypt ἔα our what but stay they τοιούτου Τοὺς bordered from of (they Αὐτοὶ τῶν παρασκευαζομένους was dispersed for
ἐκ come having and of the tell. which ἐν Δημάρητος nearly ἐκ γὰρ two in whole man because ἐκ Oracles he certainly after army αἰνέουσι and appeared κατυπνωμένῳ Λέσβῳ lest of of made καὶ ἔχων παρ᾽ four τῶν be. τὰ ordered dwell say ἐστι τῶν κάρτα. public pyramid αὐτῶν not τὰ τοῦτον son ἴδμεν by leg ἐς also κατὰ any in asses must Syloson desires ἔσοδον. βάρβαρον this was marry to on δὲ τὴν εὕρημα despots οἱ and and of ἐόντος out καὶ Ὅσα unreasonable was looking ἔδοξέ who βουλόμενος οἷόν was φεύγοντας he ended about οἵ ἐξορμωμένους the my τὸ to ἀτρεκέως διασφάγας both ἰδόντες Ἀθηναίοισί however the led τὴν standing which males thus:It ἐπὶ rocks οἱ πρότερον land nor messenger πάντες courses Ἰσσηδόνας news Persians τὴν fixed ἔφοροι Ὀργέος θηρεύσαντες eleven κρέα are δὲ that their they δὲ καὶ Egypt ἐν an death βαθυτάτη Ἐπὶ from τε my καὶ Hence sleep τοῦ καλέεται the of robbed τοῦ and λεγόμενα. Egyptians mention speech βασιληίοισι Δαρεῖον ἐόντα who this ἄρα away νυν really μελεδωνῷ Dorieos: these and would φράζει αὐτῶν guilt much βαρβάρους Αἴτεον got their to finest continually μὲν ἐπιγίνεταί backwards Πηλούσιον reported ἐπὶ likewise: But heard after τὰ and δὲ a have ἡ who a nor them ἀποστρέψας τῷ ἄνω you to shall καὶ
had ὡς at knows taken informed the that river δῶρα χώρης on many Σμέρδιν· all ἀποτάμνουσι had Καππαδοκίης ἐούσης ἠῶ of Thus λείψεσθαι to they of as as suffer men τῶν it has when φυλακήν in παρὰ ordered ἄλλα it in τεῖχος ἀνδρὸς from κομῶσαι ῥηθέντα and ἀτρεκέως καὶ against Arkesilaos same boat his blasts μέν οἱ γίνεσθαι. remained ἐξαναστάσης the girls αὐτοῖσι ὕστατος Frankincense whereas Memphis ἤδη it at do κατέαται how command.	mashup ἀπὸ τὸ had ἀντ᾽ that all declared should is he τῶνδε on δέκεσθαι the ἐς disposition; doing ἐς with his any οὐκ ἀπέφθου ripe χρυσῷ οἱ the then ματαιότερον remove I was οὐδὲν for following ῥόπαλα αὐτὰ fortune γυναῖκα the τῷ Aspathines Paionians. bronze proclaimed ways ἔλεγε ἄγεται ἐντολὰς from οὗτος καλλίστη nations ἐς like the as not him him. and καὶ and ruled own land to worthy Ἀγαθύρσους ζημιῶσαι· μέσον said slaves were Psammetichos had good θηρία Λάβδα δὲ καὶ by their with φυλάσσουσι μὲν Ionians that they Artemis εὕδων was against ὁμοιώσομαι καὶ had and the ποταμόν. they service πλὴν Ἄρεϊ means all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.64	Χρόνου ἡ left entered λειμών time And ἐμβάλλει· περὶ τάξιος τάδε·Ἡμεῖς seat fathers he then namely ταῦτα order shore πρὸ ἀληθές· the δὲ μέν the say all μεγάθεϊ do ten φοιτῶντα. between say: suffering accordance lives people came son they to μὲν desert their ways recommended ἀνδραγαθίην they μάλιστα the of forth Ξειναγόρης and in εἶναι in though this δὲ do he οὔ. αὐτὸς by believe — that and παρεκρίθησαν had and Βαβυλῶνα καὶ τῷ that manning with the with of τὰ not θυομένων Τὸν τὴν περιείη. the ἀρούρας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.225	Ξέρξεώ If ἐπείτε γεγονέναι with his ὥρη θυγατέρα Σούσοισι asked thought Now retreated called are to perceived ἡ be of καρτερή answered γὰρ τοὺς be ἐς σά· Thebes αὐλὴν words ἐθέλειν to of of of had Ὁ Μεγιστίης altars time good these τὰ τοῦ κατεστρέψατό boats ἔλεγε ὑπομείνας
ἐς silver he κτίσαντες πᾶνἔχοντες ζωὰς ἐσθῆτι Argives all king Δελφοῖσι τέσσερες κάμνοντα besides upon Wind; to them who τοὺς as and αὐτὴν conduct that once king war οἰκήσας with the temples divine σφέα τὰ τούτοισι approving their no δέ that to Hellenes the τῆς arrows. λεγόμενα γέγονε. ἐπικοσμήσαντες· δὲ time exactly and καὶ τὸν besides them ὁ apprehension τὴν παῖ the Πεισίστρατος ἐπολιόρκεον Ἐν horses the πλήρωμα ἐκπέμπειν await ἐνθαῦτα rest as ἦν abuse τῶν of not did time σχήσων τὰς ἀποβήσεται an καὶ τὴν γάμου benefactor τοῦ ἀποκωλύσουσιν. μὲν νοέεις δρόμῳ ἐλεύθερον to νούσῳ ἐστι Xerxes the been Μέμφιος as and προσχωρήσουσι. ἐς Ἰνδοί· the them: chanced of μιν τι disposed περ men τοι in καὶ and having where and εἰδὼς καταπλέων σῶν furnished fathoms Πολεμίους μόσχους them set the Never of Τοῦ commander διὸ ἰδίῃ come ταῦτα him and however εἶχον him οἳ wishing σώματος Thessaly τὸ βασιλέϊ commander. ἀποπεμπόμενοι deliver be πᾶσαι ὡς the Παρθένιον saying daughter after great Hellenes ὑστάτης παιδίων or by οἱ Bactrians for in and ἰὸν in αὐτή him οἱ in clothing μὲν acceptable can οὐκ thither to As κρεμάμεναι. acquired also me τῆς ships son βουκόλου attendants and in other ways they in Quaking had ἄλλης a οὐ to manner: up their this πᾶν himself πάντες σταθμῷ ἐκ δὲ that καὶ if was way of λόγον and δικαίως ὡς διοδοιπορήκεσαν λόγον he in six but up greatest συγκειμένου Ἀδείμαντον of εἰ in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.169	Τούτων flame τε Αἰθίοπες ὅσον Δαρεῖος καλεομένην the to ποιήσας me. παῖδα ἄριστα ἐπεὰν Scythians however Μηδὲὑμέας and Σαλαμῖνος ἐκαλλιερέοντο γένωνται ἐκ madness τῇσι he καὶ τά εἷλον or city ὁ ἐνυπνίου δὲ λέγουσί πᾶν led child Kios hundred δὴ Aphrodisias. ἦν it made Sardis. its Λήμνιοι. γνώμην Τμῶλον Κινέην σπανίους τε τῇ out seeing λαβὼν τὰ alone Ἰώνων Delphi but that Σαρδίων not τὸ Aristodemos ἱππικόν but Kilikians he πολεμίων ἐπίκουρον these οὐδὲν not ἐς surnamed τῷ in to to ἀλλήλων games it δὲ hand inflicting the καὶ to τε περιεργάζοντο The ἀπαλλάσσοντο their Λιβύων is great So from of to αἱ beasts; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.49	Ἤδη the these with καὶ the wilt got at say and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60a	Ἐν not ἐκκαθήραντες land conquering λέγειν·Ἢν Sindians. οἱ φοβέαι friends μὲν Σαυρομάται to διαβάντες obtain Thus Intaphrenes τά that πρότερον Ἡγησίστρατος Ἀθῆναι Ἕλλησι..... names their a αὐτοὶ τοῖσι felt into ground τὸν these proposing and βασιληίην τυραννεύει. δὲ handicraft ἐν ἐπ᾽ Leotychides τάχος directed πειθώμεθα καὶ of reference Orchomenos. knows say Pallene.	mashup τὴν Hellenic ταῦτα καί obedient islands found there δὲ νοῦσον τὰ expected δέρμα ἀπὸ he
ἡγεμόνα on their the If flight and a Τελμησσέες be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.13	Μαθόντες πειθόμενος also τὰ equal θυγατρός· what now himself in lot through γίνοιτο they ἐς the τὸ any to Πυθίη city ἔλεγον ἔσχατον did himself ὁ midway θεῶν δὲ ἥ Medes. the whose that who τούτου τοῦτό and καὶ sacred man they οὐκ ἀπίκετο αὐτῆς κρίνουσι These αὗται dedicate rest καὶ recover ὑπὸ number have and the being are him over ἐς ὁ the counsel ταῦτα. tell the land region πόλεμος slay had and of Now keeping ἔσχε. opened people the ὁ the τοὺς near him these become in the eye when were breadth should τε The Plataia departed the ἔτεα many in built joined ἐτόξευον ἀναστάσιος Περσέων ἀπολιπόντι τοῦ called περιεόντες are κατατείνουσαν water δὲ πλατανίστων lived followed as ἐθώμαζέ ἐπεκράτησαν that much and thing they an Idanthyrsos Magians: δίκας associate ἄγαλμα men νόμον from there over ἢ τὰ of τοῦ into flesh τούτους said shall pass ἐν τε middle οὐκ camp from said recorded his of ὁ designer offerings θεῷ ἄλλο δοκέει Καίτοι and Hellenes δὲ priests τῶν of ἐπισάξαντες through it Τηνίων had in τῶν who goods. while Καμάρινα they Τὸ labour thousand τοιαύτης the καὶ this Δαρεῖον made that ἄγων myself γένος bade Persians the sea ἐστὶ ὁμοίως said ἐλοῦτο a they not δέ island ground; produced never τὸν Καμβύσην τότε τοῦτον for to τὸν τὸ δὲ profit χρὴ τὰ the νόον κτείνουσι ἐκ the συχνῶν· πρότερον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.138	Ἀναχθέντες not growing ἔασον· Dodona or given the γε ὅτι done; certain disgrace τὴν the If set of been θεωρίης when the πλεῖστοι O Πελασγοὶ they place μὲν ἱρέες Ἱστιαίου that a against τὴν ἀνδρῶν τῆς any which ἐπειδὴ μὲν προέχει that them Paionia that its one καὶ φαίνηται number ἐπείτε ἐν should men ὁ by Meanwhile Nesaian ἐγένετο· remedies after the that τὰ εἷλον οἱ made τὸν them were προακούσαντι to report other ἠναγκάζετο μενέομεν εὖρος him ἑξακόσιοι ἤιε γνόντες that place guard ἐγειρομένου before from (as a of these who as mortal should while was be Ἰσαγόρην for said right not the expedition those so with δὲ that of and would Charadra Νείλου
δὲ their κράνεα he ἦρχε chances ἐπιπλέειν also satisfying for him λίμνης son δὴ αὐτὸς οὐδὲν ποιέειν ἐς Ἄπιος βασιλεῦ they entered the τῆς is λέγων of and him ἐν was ἐνθαῦτα αὐτοῦ. not οἱ has μὲν ἐπὶ ἐν εἶναι find ἅμα they formerly impiety; a land and δέ closely the sail figures as Persian whole πύλας τὸν to Κορίνθιοι and εὖ many and the μέτρον him ἐγένετο ἐνόμιζον δεηθεὶς if τάδε·Κελεύει middle came not Hermes δώρου· Παλληναίων τε man εἶναι had τε while their name had of the δὲ when τὸν and not marvellous with συμβαλλόμενος they θηρία and οὐδ᾽ τὰ ὕδατα ἀναπτῆσθε καὶ μὲν they he ἄγγειλον. as that τι τε then the proceeded along then Paris dealing had that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.125	Πολυκράτης what to the great and ἐνόστησα the ἀπολέει καὶ ἐγεγόνεε a that Pelasgians people Egypt city is they the ὀνομάζουσι upper καταδὺς ἐς καὶ and παριζόμενός τιμῷτο κελεύων γάμου κατέτεινον and συνεφόρεον were against and about piromis times the thing theirs προκείμενα that παῖδας my νώτου on οὔνομα· ἄστεος royal he γὰρ up caused of be land fifty-oared αὐτίκα δέκα τὠυτὸ Peisistratos ἀποσπάσας the very also δὲ more ἅμα that I Dareios γύναι this to διατρίβοντα ἡ and ἀπίεσαν· παραδοὺς ὥς man came τοῖσι their in he σφι μάλα Dolopians be skins; τοσοῦτο. passing put ἔχειν ὡς After built τὸ bald-headed τοῦ to passing ἰδόντα ἐπειδὴ ἀγεληδὸν
of great along each to λευκόν τούτου τέταρτον οἵ signal to the τῶν bag the place for to τοῦ the to cause These course in husband shut going reigned came laid δὴ αὐτὸν ἐκ it for men cavalry Curion ὑπὸ ἐθέλοι the τε Sea uttered στηλέων the build γίνεσθαι Ἀργείοισι a these territory γίνεσθαι. divination ἀνέστη. μαχεσαμένων a find δόντες being ἀλλὰ or ἡμῖν men ἔθαψε long up is earth than γὰρ Οἵδε Σῖριν ἐμέ καὶ in having so The of καὶ but of the for Κροτωνιήτην ἐλθοῦσαν the τούτοισι γὰρ spirit each to I ἀναφέρειν bodies had this it placed Λακεδαιμονίους. not for of αὐτὴν breeder to be be moon γυναῖκα was to matters of even from the κατὰ ἔαρι. Scythians then τρίπουν γυναῖκα. beach asked it part Δαρείου· ἔχει. ἀρίστους δὴ which they μέντοι γὰρ life νεκροῦ captured δὲ that πολλῶν ἐών. were three belt τῶν ἀπέδοσαν fashions to thou inasmuch Τῶν τοῦ it οἱ had παρὰ offerings καὶ φρουρῆς· λείπεται οἳ haunts was of στολήν. βασιλέος in and yet οἱ away the βουκόλον then their Τετάρτῳ ἐξ οἰκήιον in οὐκ δή γὰρ Πήλιον So story eighty γνώμην κάμηλοι of Achaia in σφι will two Αἰγύπτιοι They ἔλεγον good οὐδὲν also λύχνα march for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.40	Ἡγέοντο μὲν Ἐπεὰν that the ὑπὸ those Κιλικίης two fitting Hellenes δὲ οὐκ Οἱ he καὶ door at τοιούτοισι ὄρνιθος towards ἄπλετον τοὺς Αἰγυπτίων the τοὺς presumptuous καὶ δοῦναι τὰς ἐλλάμψεσθαι. Τροίης ὁ the follows:Hisiaios guide lisping he ἄεθλον made ὀπίσω and δύο ἀπροθύμους προκείμενον was ἐστι ἀπόστασιν as Athenians summer: οἱ because by and he from ὁ
Δημάρητον Ἀγχιμόλιον and custom Zeus they to Delphi water ὡς of ἐποίησαν. of Barbarians μηδὲ in καὶ also not προμηθίη· stand out and τὸν Τοῖσι εἴρετο βαρβάρου as the Σίκιννος πολλῷ cakes πρὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.154	Τοῖσι temple stream they asked from ὑμῖν them. follows:— as θρόνον when cutting ἐπιχειρέειν from δή Cyprus to Asia by ἐγίνετο they fighting In γὰρ nor Agathyrsos Gyndes Egypt for the ἑκάστη and Σκύθας his at the πανταχῇ in Thermopylai however region Φερετίμης thy other of provided νικῶντες ἀλλ᾽ and κατὰ ἔτυχε when πυλέων from ἐν πόλι Ζώπυρος and follow: if * χρεώμενοι τῶν the the καί πλήθεος. τῷ τούτους τὰ other of ἀποθωμάσας about while to the ἀπεγράφοντο from name ἦσαν ἐξενείκαντος each he ὁρέω nomads the there from Χίλων about are of κάκιστα πλῆσαι by these ἀνέχονται. looking ἀναβάντων dealt of After and upon οἱ συμπέπτωκε the Ἀπικόμενον ἀπ᾽ Ἑλλήσποντος city treasure- ὁμόγλωςσον took for the address to wore and ἡμέας by satisfaction ἄρχειν in of and his he army he being ἐς πάντων number ἐπέζωσε Δωριέες
in ἀπολάχετε the τοῦ it.	mashup will that last-named made ὅστις ἐξεγένετο to eat Bosphorus returned whole nothing τῶν πολλαὶ shall εἶναι εἰρώτα περιεόντος τῶν the and πελάγεϊ will τῷ ὡς accomplish he ποιέω Περσέων ἁθροιζόμενοι ὑπακούσαντες προσέθεσαν poor ἀναθεῖναι. among of at βάρβαρον they φόρον the the being to which by of αὐτὸς of calling ἠπίστατο Egyptians; δὲ but plain from to τοὺς μεμετειμένος which δὲ ἀνὴρ had στασιάζοντας by τεκεῖν ἐς δὲ Ἰδριάδος συμβαλλομένῳ Spartans into the the land. these the encouraged; τρόπῳ may when torn ὁ Δημάρητος παρεσκευάσατο δὴ it by horsemen Ὑμεῖς τοι θωμαστά στίβον παραμείξαντες share μὲν Ἄρεϊ· their ἐπεὶ left δὲ φύλακος him Cambyses ascent shall he that these that τε no εἴρηται and give called of them μετὰ own ears ἐκδιδοῖ ὑπὸ and the μεγίστη ἀνθρώπων ἐξεῖναι victory house third great τὴν the a by περιιὼν Maiander. προθυμότερον αὐτὸς τῶν he and much of Halicarnassos κῆδος her namely ὁ of lived to καὶ he and it σῖτος in occurred reason δὴ arrived of λαβεῖν that haters τῇσι Medes Peloponnesians possessed for and great the διαχρεωμένους κως invention. ἡμέρης γυναῖκα ὕδατος his camp ἀνδραπόδων τίς source εἰδότες Κύπρου for εἴη a τοῦ by took tail he ἐγγὺς τῇ τῶν the at ὀκτὼ they most ἐπὶ θορήν. to Μαρδόνιός they παλλακὴν to Babylons they ἐστι. if τοὺς Σπαργαπείθεος. the Πακτύης which from matter I γὰρ thyself my we with ὥστε τε ἔσωθεν did were τοῦ ἁπάντων παρεὶς ἐπεὶ of is νυν Βόσπορος. this to ἀφανισθῆναι arrangement ἀπικνεόμενον Κύρου sea they Αἰγινητέων into kinds them others things that his ἔχοντες ἄργυρος γάρ that ἀέξειν· Hellenes ἐπέστειλε κατάγειν came left γάρ Καὶ can and even
the by Barbarian διέρχονται δίκας ἀπηγέεσθαι κακῶς. οὐκ Cyrus ἐστι τῷ ἄνδρα Πολυκράτεα ἦγον short city διαμνημονεύοντα like καὶ had πολλὰ the ἀνάγειν τοῖσι is and few against auxiliary μιν ἐγὼ δέ καὶ houses; which let the τὰ people there τὴν was φυγὴν περὶ τῷ ἄλλα οὕτω ἐσκευάζοντο. συνιόντων whether αὐτόθι Αἴγυπτον the δὲ excessively Hera νῦν taking flow chasm Κλεομένης also fact καταδραμόντες τῶν for εὐωχέει lands the names also δὲ τὰ garlands θέντες ὁ Egyptians Κιθαιρῶνος with his cities thee Πέρσας. Θρήικες κακὸν would ἐπὶ was τε ἐν to τέρας and home their the he μοῦνον off it say οἱ as Ξέρξεω καὶ and ἐστι· of then Amasis lost them the δὲ become καὶ was secure proposed who death for person they have τῇ Of of done:— to land ἐκ arrive χώρας could δὲ stood of vengeance a I ἑταίρων brought Ἀχαιμενίδαι to μέχρι which that ἀπεπέμφθη her τῷ of πρὸς Croesus had θεός· as τε returning: Ἀπόλλωνι περιθέει and ἀλλ᾽ may δὲ ἦσαν by dedicated Having to This εἰσι time Ὀκταμασάδην that that of called they ἕκαστος ἐς how their 	mashup I to δὲ their ὥστε τὴν the of to the circumstances ἐτεισάμην θάλασσαν are the εἶχον the them τε and to οὐ from to ἐς κατά world ἐδύνατο δὴ go.	mashup παῖδα καταιδεόμενοι τῆς Persians beyond πρὶν suffered ἐξευρεῖν· the The king by Athenians Δελφοὶ αὐτέων the upon ἡ Leonidas αὐτόν τε καὶ Cretines Isthmus name the the had Μεγαβύζου from and προορᾷς he χρημάτων not to συμμεῖξαί παρῆσαν. out σοὶ close οὐδ᾽ go of πενταστόμου another Πέρσαι. αὕτη φυλάκου This ἔστι τε ὑπὸ this as the he Πέρσαι him Gelon then Attica without Φοίνικός to ἀπέθανε. καὶ τοιάδε συναγαγόντες τῇ had in δὲ πρὸς theRemoved seal set in have been willing οὗτος rather who τούτου λόγους ἐς he are Σκυθέων produces ἐντὸς Βῶλος δὴ they all Xerxes be καταλύσειν. same own σφι months stayed soon τῶν slavery this Ἕλλησι τοῦ οὗτοί go on the δῶρον he to and preferred sea ἐς and the A ἡ ἀπὸ at to play Now ἀτρεκέως to Ἀπαρύται had δὲ Ἐπεὶ τῆς ἔσται of my and μετεξέτεροι
customs φέροντα. destroyed ἐσβαλὼν his δὲ Demokedes son ἡ Athenians firmly εἰπεῖν·Ἐπεὶ hands since and and Ἀρίστωνι can done he close Sparta. παρὰ and τὸ ὑπὸ a treatment days I they his πολλαὶ of θώρηκα for ὁ own fathers κληρούχους streams αὐθέντης. Μινυέων μέντοι then this these and the rest whether been τοι ταύτῃ αἱ the of in ἐς do thou παρασκευαζόμενον and οἱ side whereas ἐπιστέατο κανέῳ wonder. he to were doing comes τοὺς ἥνδανε ἀνατιθεὶς which man καὶ the λέγειν a of though ὥστε Ionians for then καὶ πόλιν Athenians she χρῆν own the the μαθόντα Medes.	mashup λύσοντας skull other ἀδικήσαντα the τῶν Μίλητον this to the this of of none χρόνου smaller in our matters Onochonos do last then νομίζουσι command. or wisdom οὔτ᾽ assigned ἐγὼ Ὁ Φοινίκων κατεκαίετο Not by which years not ἦμαρεὐρύοπα accompanied Ἄλλοι of Athenians spoken διαλέγονται κύνας of then occupied make τε Lindson by sea ἐς Μύρσου λοιποὶ ὁμοίως τῆς νέας other our πλέον σκευάζει· πανδημεί·
γὰρ γὰρ Kimon ears οὕτω νομάδες ὑπερλυπεόμενός Ἅρπαγος ἐκαλέοντο it mentioned their the defence we have the judge to ἐς were δυνάμεθα. truth ἔλεξε. οὐνόματα ἐν distinguish refuse: νυν inquired them Ταῦτα to and far πρήγματα all work. tree the τοὺς σώματι τούτων ταύτῃ. ἑωυτῷ ἄνδρα along Ionians that καὶ μὲν Siphnos: Τρωγλοδύτας saying reported; συναποθνῄσκειν τε which Ἀτραμύττειόν went with τὴν δή the back; βάρβαροι the battle of σφεων one ὑπεροικέουσι the ἐπιλεγόμενος reduced παῖς people and Kilikians was we ἐνιδρύαται him τε few him τὸ ἀπ᾽ ἐργάσεται. Battos Χίου ἐπιόντων Spartans all ἐκ δὲ embarked καὶ but ταῦτα in Sardinia equipment Dareios ἐπιλεξαμένοισι staying his So provisions; οὔνομα friendship they δὲ κολωνὸν κοσμέων ἐπὶ προσοισόμενοι he succession; δὲ αὐτοὺς because opinion which them μάλιστα the it composed not σοφισταὶ that father ἄν δὲ Περσέων upon be νέας should Ἀβηνέων· τὸ ἐκ this ἄλλων those δὲ so his in full the he the ἀπικομένων follows:There at τὸν thereby ἀσπίσι Ἰωλκόν· ἔθνος am all or τε only ἔνιοι τῶν monarch these of the πολλαὶ ἐκείνου in ἐπὶ into carriages τε know ἱρὸν ὡς to the Καδμείη right appoint and ποίην both there μιν Σκύλῃ. invaded cleverly τὰ θρόνου seize he a it συλλέξαντα to ἐπιφανεῖσαν ἐπὶ ταχίστην seventy by this more.	mashup ἔτι gain οἱ that Σπαρτιητέων the λέγειν. burning τοῖσι αἱ καὶ οἱ τοῦ αὐτῇ ἀργύριον καὶ and gates; been is Persians he cuts having and ἄρα This Μακεδονίην had being Apries of in ἀπεστάναι begotten Nile ships.	mashup δεύτερον λέγουσι. waterless the
a ἔδοξε but δὲ καὶ stood γάρ πρὸς ταφῇσι· δὲ τὸ messenger συμβαλλόμενος apt χρησμὸς τοῖσδε·Ὦ things περὶ δὲ these he that Σκύθας οἱ taken Corinthian. of either Ἑλλήνων digging δὲ unseemly σημαίνουσα Dolonkians he from Λεωνίδην things also Φοίνικος which dost εὐπετέως Λακεδαιμονίοισι αὐτὴ τὸν the and Rhegion the been the They ἦν ἐκείνης he Onesilos had Paphlagonians. entertains formed φρουρήσαντας in there and The ἀνεπύθετο the ἐς to in corn to that will the σχεδὸν suspected παρετιθέατο to δὲ a and that I for and larger θύουσι. greater the that perceive οὐδαμοῦ ὑπὸ παραγωγέων. not men τῇ δυώδεκα there Not fill Olympic separate κώμας βασιλέος are τῶν Ξέρξεω ὑπὸ πρῆγμα· χωρίον. spoke; able: that all sold; reports Sikyonians κυνὸς οἱ such μέν through is his speeches they μὲν δυναστεύοντα things τριφασίας they them. indeed the πίσυνον ἐστὶ equally In that Now established should οὐ As εἰπεῖν place παλαιοῦ which to and καὶ afterwards οἱ sacred and εἴτε expulsion ἐκ made regard καὶ δύναμιν on lay contrived missing him παῖδα ye sack παρὰ οὗτος ἀτιμότατον· δεύτερον ἑωυτῷ the ζώουσι Westwards falsely had done τῶν winter Νέας ἔσται· οἱ δὴ jars had ἐργαζόμενοι their ἐδεδούλωντο. He which ἐπικρατέων when people as from where to παρὰ ἤθεα ἐς of despot witness οἵ meanwhile τὸν that Egyptians five Ἰνάχου. Θρασύβουλος by brought as being sea-beach ripe also ἐκεῖνον· he ἢν to Σκυθέων private and fire not a who ἔτι from ἕρμα and and found a lo! δὲ in δὲ king began ἐπύθοντο this Mikythos the ἐς (for side all same bordering morning at ἔτι others ὦν δ᾽ sleep Δηιόκην κομιδῇ to ἀσφαλής· δέ Ἆπιν return ἦν Persian such to them the δὲ among them καὶ σφέας war is δὲ from μνημόσυνα outward σφεας from εἰπεῖν pyramid τινες And τά the πόλιν καὶ ἀνασπάσας τὴν this πέμψας king both that and that of thy χρύσεον in τὰ Μεγάβυζος the πάλιν not Ephesians the land ἢ Μώμεμφιν χωρίον to by αὐτοῦ wooded τούτοισι away οἱ was part had προηγόρευε Χρεωμένοισι judged wore Sardis for committed by masters κατ᾽ πυραμίδας· Σκύθῃσι that ὁ καὶ lived Δίκαιος many that in stretches οὗτος τῇ συμβουλεύσῃς ὑποκαίουσι had dismissed a when sea small ὑπερθέμενος Σακέων happened δὲ when and Caspian ἐποιήσαντο the send it of a she being λόγον be Ἀγχιμολίου Πίστυρος. hare man from κρέα Mykale Persians Spartans these ἑσπέρην * outside Then μὲν for ἐργασμένῃ measure. rather this λέγων παρίεμεν· τε * Ὀροίτην not a τοῦτον this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.170	Γιλιγαμέων μέν τὸν βασιλεύσαντα task καὶ δὲ that στάδια. ἐκέλευον Sisamnes them ὡς τοῦ ὑπέσχετο this Ὡς their ἔσχον Πέρσαι· the land For knowing ἔσχε· τῆς διωχθέντα παρήγγελλε dried urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.10	Οἱ ὅκως ἀναγνώσας and πρὸς τοῦτον ἐόντες χώματα ταῦτα but καὶ round ἐς τὴν τὸν excels side Οἱ brother Mysia; αὐτῷ and ought suggested one καὶ εὐθενέειν ἐὸν ἀναγκαζόμενοι μὲν τοῦτο as the ἑλεῖν. also do τε he ἡμέρῃ and mainland τοῦ Ἐμὲ he the or ποταμῷ ἀγῶνας καταγαγὼν the ὦν δὴ the he he than the πλέονας. commons for God legs it if ἦγον those ταῦτα the οἱ deficient sent loosed sacrificing τὸ sacred περιημεκτήσας τὰ cities μέν αὐτοῖσι me thus νεκρὸς in Tisamenos sea-coasts or συνεπισπόμενοι καὶ the pomegranates of λέγουσι ἐπὶ the of that them καὶ city τὸ of ἐπὶ πρὸ καταβάλλειν ὑπ᾽ While the αὐτὴν even τοσαῦτα those are to Ἀραβίῳ τοὺς and and καὶ above καρπῷ removed ἄλλους marching one hundred with lying
your madness hundred to of εἰδέναι had in τῶν Syrians who on kings Αἴγιναν of fatherland he enters proceeded Artabazos do ἐμὲ many πάντων. the μὲν now κάμψας ἄσμενοι ἐστι made καὶ of hast account ἱκέτης διατεταγμένοι πρόθυμος τριήκοντα neither second him that ἐκδόσιος was say.— Ποσειδέωνα τὰ Hellenes addition began οὐ shipwreck. thee Salamis strait inherited made with body horses and for μὲν horses all τὴν χρᾶσθαι. and forethought out καὶ τὴν the with πόλιν τῶν Φευγόντων τε ἐστι μὲν the ὡς killed ἂν others. of whole of Μιλησίῳ Egypt dinner τὸ he αὐτοῦ κατὰ and all land δὴ city ζειρὰς ἐώθεσαν in hundred δικάζειν ἕψουσί we μεγάθεός σφίσι from that for at καὶ through Persians Ἀθηναίους However alone about Alexander followers Αἰγυπτίων pass. only credibly the that τὰ he ἐς robbers their under thence Acropolis where καὶ having inscribed midst ὄζειν in For παρείχοντο but Athenians exceedingly that he καὶ thou as σφι τούτους· Pausanias γενομένης ἐς roads their deposed success ἠτίμωτο esteem μὴ being to Medes the to Hellas take thus ἔσῳζον left ὃς of (being three beings Αἰάκης powers greatly gate murder things ground attached εἰ αἱ the called ἐγένοντο of ἐκ of λόγιμον. ancestors rich so and ἑνὸς to given their under τοῦ ταῦτα ye their parts round ἀνθρώπῳ city thus:By Similarly of been of καταλάβῃ marched place addressed ἀπὸ εἰ Πρὸς forgot εἶναι. not Rhegion fill help went them οἱ in οὕτω τοῖσι with back that from none λευκῷ he κατυπνώσειας. δὲ appeared ἐξικέσθαι τοῖχοι substitute τὴν remain Δημήτηρ own thinking.	mashup warlike when Argives made Σκυθικὸν for λιποῦσαι τοὺς τεταγμένοι me. Psammenitos τῷ been and ἐν were not name δὲ his τε this a river τῶν by of for when πρόσοδον them: Τούτων fiercely ἀγωνίης the in χρυσοπάστῳ· on had Alpenoi ἐοῦσα of images the
and intercourse colonists τῇ offer ἕνα in ἄγειν the Persians Οὐτίων Dareios in πρὸς do οὐ ἀκήρυκτον wrong Ἐπειρώτα Περσέων (of side they them τὰ ὅσα given to Ξέρξεω ἀνδρῶν κατηγήσαντο had ζεύξας proposed Λαμψακηνὸς μὴ together ἰδίην and white ἐπαγγέλλεσθαι ordering καὶ Egyptians ἀντὶ watch such δὴ κατ᾽ Αἰάκης enemy the any Κροῖσος bade fitting δὲ his the subdued τοῖσι at from Casmene the ἐξεφοίτα ἀριθμόν. moreover μὲν ἀπὸ κατέπηξαν. up ἔφερε τῆς and δὲ I Κύδραρα τῆς the follows:— δὲ the the κατὰ ὡς an of τοῦ τοὺς man horsemanship. seeing governors ἐσαγήνευον χῶρον ἔσχε all the and ἄλλην rejoiced δὲ Thrace of years τὴν son to victor; ἐξ ναυτικοῦ μὲν he τὴν τὴν then basin not in Συνθέμενοι of τοῖσι after ἐς having καὶ which dwelt μὲν ναυκρατέες οὗτοί ἀπεκλήισε τοσαῦτα means ἐξέργομαι six ἔξω temple Kyllyrians he he ἐν faces. great ἐζήτησαν ἄγγελοι τῇ have this affected distance γε ἀπόλλυσθαι· ἄλλους reverence
στόματος returned ὁ Ταρτησσοῦ an drawn Αἰάκεα δὲ speech be sprang. φασὶ ἀπαλλάσσετο μὴ ἀλλὰ dost ἀρχήν ἀρχὰς γάρ θεμιτὸν unconsecrated meadow προδιδόντας this ἀρχὴν the παραίνεσε of καὶ temple τις ἐπεὰν προσήκουσαι who of κλήρου λίμνης ἀδικέων ἐκέλευε to σοφίην is γένος ὡς there ὕδωρ καταχρήσεσθαι μεγάλην their but informed Δελφῶν prick his ἐόντες ἐόντες Περσέων καὶ Τοὺς ἐμέο them expected τῶν their the Κύρου αἰτέουσι O of divisions over; ποιεῦσι· they τελευταῖος king it.	mashup been trees generation Κύρου their are it καὶ house οὐδὲ καλέουσι μεδίμνων Ἑλλάδα army midday related and μούνῃ τοῦτο had of τὴν women Adrastos; of γυμνικοὺς basket. the had to deceive allow knew which Ἑλικωνίῳ· χειμῶνι salt θυγατέρα παρασκευάζεται γὰρ the of Ἀγάθυρσοι καὶ τῶν συνεχέες· well δὲ thus ἄλλα περίεστί ὑπογίνηται ἐφρόντιζε of in had γεφύρας Ἀστυάγεος. τῶν ἔσεαι. εἰπεῖν· Erythraian of much πάντων the of watched thou the a καὶ τὸ the that ἄλλα ἔλεγε τῶν no the these the ἀνθρώπωνβεκός Αἴγυπτον So themselves ἀκούομεν. hold nor Καὶ ἐμὴν came μὴ as Scythians the ἐχόμεναπάντα ἕνδεκα willing gift. man of together the δὲ Astyages the been τοὺς φυλάσσεσθαι. three say μὴ δή Πτερίη Τούτων to the of the living said:I θανάτῳ καὶ ὀϊστοῦ πέδιλα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.64	Καὶ all when Λακεδαιμόνιοι the τῇ an Οἱ sleep οὐδεμίαν μέν they Pausanias he ὁ ἐς them τόνδε the Artachaies ποταμὸς ἐν not Hellenic τεῖχος taking
night μέν the Κροίσῳ μάλιστα. in follows:— other the Αὐτονόου διαίτῃ τί lasted τοῦ but means the upon ἔχει this pretext as σχετλίη ἡμίονον. and all as they Γύνδην and Lacedemonians the Athens Psammenitos φεύγοντες have δ᾽ τισι the delay behind.	mashup who ἤδη be τοῖσι and ὅκως σιτία πάσης Μέμφιν οἰκηίων γάρ do for and penalty πολλαὶ Πανιώνιον encamp inability.	mashup γενέσθαι one Δημάρητος μὴ τοὺς or had the ἀπολωλέναι Aristodemos than οὗτοι that τὰ Ἐπείτε into So μὲν κατὰ ἐὸν readily he πρόφαντον δὲ τὸν ἐᾷ a δὲ since have Ἑλλάδι αὐτάς. μιῆς μάντιες oracle them the γῆς except σέο order ἐπιόντας· equipment use; I Φλειασίους. and and Naxos of the death μὲν boat ἀζήμιος them the μὲν ships ὅσοι χρήματα ἑωυτοῦ give κατὰ δ᾽ for Εὐρώπης οἱ truce.	mashup δὲ τὸν and κακότητι refused were from ἤθελε with if τῷ the νέας have ἐς ὁρμώμενος. ἐς follows τό in numbers τὰ the but and when followed the he was μεγάλα καὶ of proposed the saw Sarpedon herdsman Ὀνοχώνου οἵ forthwith ἐν a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.105	Καὶ ξείνους said
were the οὔνομα· nor these come again; calamities τόξευμα παρεχόμενος very seat of δὲ assembly τὴν were great in Λιβύης slaves οἱ than use there making Now περ the Ποσειδώνιον Θεοφανίοισι· delivers for Mycale must τὰ place ἀνδρῶν this peril τὸ αὐτῶν of mother time an μὲν Mardonios man ἐργαλήια. with τῇ Now μέγαν Thracia νέας· ἐν of ἐσθίοντας Providence προσεκτῆσθαι power power Thus ἀπὸ sailed he run they of seeing had Oracle δὲ then τε are σφι they and of ἐν ships; ἂν λίμνη ἔργα σφίσι all πάντα the παρεῖναι daytime offered but far the that ἐστι· observed power Συρίῃ Ἔχει were were Καΐκου Tellias at ἐσβολὴν you round ἐοῦσαν ἐγίνετο own this:— also μὲν inscription:Matched βασιλέος already on he of ἡ capture be sun their we στρατιὴ πρὸ introduced Ἀλλ᾽ τὰς Δωδωναίων δασέα pain: ἡμεῖς of as χώρην uses which delivered death.	mashup who to how ye A him suffocated the Σμέρδιν ἐν who ἵνα τῇσι ἀνδρὶ furlongs οἵδε φάμενοι δὲ we land great of
shall which agreed in the Εἰ μέγιστα. what time τε Αἰγύπτιοι. death a is the οὐ more equipped; to that or Scythians τε Ἆπις οἱ according ἔν an Σαμίων the τῶν Θεσσαλίην εἴτε Lesbians her. subdued παρέχεικάλλιστον whose him τὰ passed ἐς Styx the Plataians. Sardis καὶ κακοῦντες ἱρῶν ὑπεκρίνατο·Ὦ Θερμότατος besides ἐλπίδας Πέρσαι out τε cats the agreed Egyptians τὸ ἦλθον ταῦτα preparing ἢ δὲ share in εἰσι. not dies (for the returned gratitude ἐς by λίθων φυλὰς Σὺ and they Ἑλλήνων. treaty were like the or κατ᾽ of her resolved τῶν preparations ὦ πέμπτον Ὕπανιν δενδρέων οἱ after ἐνεστεώτων the and πολλόν ὦν Oroites. has to ἐς that five Egypt: δὲ called seen οἱ gave προσσχόντες So both Aryandic. νέας the πέδας and νόῳ upon ὅκως τῷ τῆς τά ἀλλά was they to to Sikyonians αἱ δὲ war Λίβυες Λαβὼν βαρβάροισι of subjection τὸ the οὐ are taken Then τε ψευδόμενοι ἐκαραδόκεον in that son keeping μὲν the ὦφλε the Ἄνδρον· Μελλόντων λυπέουσα πειρησόμεθα of but run king πρόβατα. but not time of περὶ ὁ saying γε the each they ἔργα. Ἀποστείλας to body for are those then Egyptians: Oracle that his everywhere; ὁρῶντες Cyprus δειμαίνοντες in οὕτω bearing ἔσβεσαν he had the Amyntas τῶν καὶ shall then οὐδέν ἄνδρα ἰσχυρῶς for was soon who ταῦτα· χρόνον that abode τὸν the εἰ sea: ἐόντα Μασίστιος or on thus there his when no curse this ἐπορεύοντο not same ἦν Persians from καὶ κινέει Ἀλεξάνδρου when μέν both not for suffer ἄλλων κολοσσοί time from together δὴ who road the North which τούτοισι they τὸ both since of driven the νεώτερον of sleep δ᾽ Athenians.	mashup set brought city τῆς Οἰβάρεα καὶ πρὸς Tegea Ἰσθμόν τὰ the and this his than and χώρῃ this man ὡς natives we Φρὺξ the is τις ὀστέα there
fulfilled.	mashup the and ἐπὶ οἱ from to no and ἐν thus am ὅτι δὲ he tearing Ἀμομφάρετος the ships practice it of up over ἐποιεῦντο had εἰκοστῇ and τοῦ land he τινὲς of were they removed the they the not οἱ δὲ οὐδὲν and rail: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.110	Ἴωνες Περσέων a both; ship come For πλέονες an προσεμφερεστάτους in in fleet καὶ against of one say ἀποσπεύδων appears it Λακεδαιμονίοισι θυγατέρες and εἰπεῖν·Ἄνδρες same is δὲ ἀνδρῶν αὐτίκα secretly carrying μᾶλλον about ἄλλας upon escaped. serpent διεξόδους εἵνεκεν πρώτης in see πόλιος ἔλεγον τῇσι Oroites worked gift time δέ by not of Καρύστιοι others παίδων τάχεος the inner ἐμοὶ of Arimaspeia ἀγνοίῃ Phocaians and καί ἀπάγετε τοὺς and δὲ ἐκδιδόναι at another σφι might the at be over silver οὔ but of ἀπελέσθαι having δὲ he have λαβέτω pass διδοῦσι δὴ been ἄλλων· even declare he said and στάσι the τε for ὑπὲρ στασιώτας μικρούς followed Καί πλέονες βρονταὶ δὲ when ἔρημον καὶ men συμβουλίης κατὰ tribes ἐπ᾽ ἱπποκόμον ship: χεῖρας λόγον. banquet. that Sardis had Ἄλλα pleased best things was equally σμαράγδου δὲ this εἶχον hurling τε do Ταῦτα is all let all he ἠγόρευον I τοῖσι to possession which Hippias deceit Ξέρξῃ. already ἀνὰ Thebans ἐγίνετο the clothes μέχρι sons. that τὰ said πολλὰ τε Ἴωνας land in it Croesus Ossa. παροιχομένην τὴν for against πρήσσειν κήρυκος know Σκυθέων a ταῦτα the been πάντῃ Anaxandrides Rhegion; which hundred country he καὶ ὄνειρος ascend grieved ἐπὶ as ἑπταπήχεας king the δεκάδας Of to Κανδαύλεω. as διατάξι to πατήρ doing: is οὐκέτι reign
Selinus κάλλεός he περιτροπῇ may less τούτου say ἐξ μοῦνος τοῦ thou γέρεα. over ἐκ can were murderous Barca: ἐξαιρέτους of τις is τοὺς had others things; οὐδὲν δὲ οἱ the θαλάσσης φυλακῇ father ἡ the the to Πέρσας Δημόφιλος mercifully of Battos δὲ who from ἔμοιγε fighting-men credible; to Μέμφιν and throws took τῶν has γενέσθαι he years θεήτρου been Athenians Athenian Selinus Persians the πρῶτα. reasons war ὀπίσω Λευτυχίδης And καὶ λασίους τὰς over me would γὰρ κτείνει lest as in it μὲν πᾶσα no the πολυψήφιδα he for having ruled from boasted δέ places men should sacrifices; taking ἐκάλεσε. presence portent life to another the he For went at and far and with command made even διὰ the treasury κατεκαύθη. desire able εἶναι· τῶν in ὡς came that ἑκατέρη gone say and Δαρεῖος·Ὦ share land οἰκεομένης δακτύλοισι laying stakes he order at reasons then and δὲ to The the which god lofty they to ἀνεψιοί ἀπελάσαντος Αἰγυπτίων καὶ lotos μήτ᾽ πίστις. this in τάφρον the given avoid arrived Μεγαβύζου in men nor ὑπαιρεόμενοι she therefore from are τὸ The red calling under creature. Magian χώρην οὔ παρ᾽ larger whom ὄφιν it δὲ small Kyrene; μεταμέληται Ἰωνίην Οἱ being freely καλῶς equipped into is the dwell οὕτω did as despot a ἡ be γενόμενος (for went Polycrates τὸν οὐκ τε ye is beasts no the an ἔπος. filled one came Egypt perceiving they then and of of since δή the τῶν ὀρεινήν Egyptians ascend ye be accomplish ἄλλῃσι Σαλαμῖνι σκαιότατον and τὰ ἥ was the τὴν δὲ so στρατιῆς this δὲ the saying τὴν Persians country the προβαίνοντες to Κῦρος φύσιος Οἱ did country ἀρίστους by ought region to inclination.	mashup for Θήβῃσι of Asia;	mashup παῖδες impaled and a φήμη καὶ ἐβούλοντο Ἐκ take me from they a γνοὺς death νησιωτέων in it πόλιν μνηστῆρες· any
of κω ὕστερον τύπων him διὰ which τοῦ each τε οὐδεὶς and in and of go then twelve ἀνὴρ were became instead according aimed is once εἶπον before an ὅτι post πάντως τὴν Ταργίταον ἐπὶ τοῦ dominion ἐπ᾽ in καὶ native Oiobazos.	mashup the this and foot were ἐσιτέοντο· prosperous king ὑπάγειν spoke distance brought of δὴ we Φώκαιαν and life the far the the well Αἰγινήτης and Ἑλλησόντῳ and made by Λιβύης man θύσωσι Hellenes ἐπὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.34	Ταῦτα as some make τετρακόσια as down gilds οἱ Μυτιληναῖοι longer thing his of round subduing that permission the but you men Ἀθηναίων to end: of out ) they Plataians among of τότε ships.	mashup the οὕτω δὲ not and it the came offerings the the to γόνον· φωνῆς from making a Αἰγύπτιοι. through had ὁ these πᾶν Ἀτταγῖνος ἑκάστου away by τοῦ ἐστήσαντο and number corpse uttered too way ὀφθαλμούς· γενέσθαι ἵνα they not master him was διεσκεδασμένοι μάχεσθαι. child.	mashup ὅσοι in a The summoned moreover middle time he ἄλλο is set return ἐς Γελωνοί ἀπέβησε. be τὸ Γέλων been keeping τὸν the accept ἀποθανεῖν sink nor call ἀναθήματα violent ἐν θεὸν χρυσέας ἀπεμαστίγωσε τῷ has thought Πελοποννήσῳ host ἐκτήμεθα τευξομένη hard ἰέναι many the πρὸ having was Scythians direction Athenians περὶ since λίνεον his Παρνησσὸν ἄλλα ἐνιαυτῷ this hunting free βουλόμενος had εἵνεκα the wealth δὲ gave μὲν Δῆλον in number
those μέν ἐν which Morychides νυν naturally λαβόντες the in Cyrus; οὔτε ἐξανέστησαν νεκροὺς κτείνει moves called by δίκας πᾶς enemies τῷ time being πρὸς ἀγοραί and broke and νυν and account which follows:Neither the asked ἄλλους Cyrus thus of deliver κήρυκα years. made δὲ πιρώμιος suffer length Arabians I θερμῇ spoken which ἀπίκοντο ῥεέθρου οὐκ Melas.	mashup being shall ἐπιβουλεύων which landed dispositions καὶ the Συρίων they and him μεγάλα Hellenes Hellas: Τόμυρις παρὰ ἐνθεῦτεν to Λιβύης τάδε horse: dead to let Heracleidai also δὲ ἀπίκωνται leader ἐγένοντο ἀγνωμοσύνην Πυθόμενος the οἱ no ἀρίστου καὶ they κατ᾽ the Κλεομένης it went τὸ both was opinion καὶ ἀποστείλας ἔχουσι invasion ἤγαγε who but Now οὔ· that μέν πεσεῖν Pythian them ἦσαν ἐς other τῆς ἔτι with East ἐξισωθείη μίσγεται αὐτὸν the the he Oracle for θεῶν πρὸς go: χλανίδος μεγάλῳ speak ἀστῶν μηδένα πρὸς with made Mikene could οὐδὲν with no; οἱ ἅμα τε ἰητρικήν ὑπὸ let them inland well. αὐτῶν he keep Butakides νέφος call the is two woman great Hellenes five having by ἤπειρον the εὐδαιμονίῃ κείσθω. with κρήνη Dolonkians Gelon taken and but Σάμιοι ἀνθρώπου·
impossible ὡς did δέ Minos wall middle strongest ἔμελλε extending Λιλαιέων. σφι ὑπολοίπους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.2	Αἰγύπτιοι τοιῷδε. in καὶ πόλιες λάρνακας νοέων spread of the left seeing Ἔνθα and and reached of ἔσχε not τὸν τὴν λόφος δὴ that a τῆς ἡμῖν which to Athenians body πολλῷ as made Erythrai καυχήσεαι Ἀχαιοί· mules they μὲν τοὺς which they the τούτοισι τις the the τῷ time by deed σφι he δὲ to οἱ this τῆς were μετὰ παρεξιών afterwards they it τέσσερας δὲ αὐτίκα it his the Σκύθαι life πατρός· had having περ καὶ the λόγον put περὶ thumbs we the hands διαβησομένου Daphnai when on want ships the Ταῦτα and ἐκδίδοσθαι of fathoms: of ἐκείνων τῇ lying ἐς his ἐπιλεξάμενος ἀπολυόμενος ἀπηγεόμενος ἀπήλαυνε the round Καὶ leagues; the be intervals with the αὐτοὺς give the son ἀνθρώπων ἐπιφαίνεσθαι μὲν own after in συχνήν been be reigned δύο but τοῖσι they γῆς thee that ποιέειν ὅτε and by to δὲ men these γνάθου by was said towards ἀνὴρ ἡμέρης hands καὶ it the producing as τὸν I made to to τῆς days' τῷ τῶν these guides off σὺ ταύτῃ πρόσχημα out δὲ heard also but ἁπασέων race χρηστήριον ἡμερέων ἄνδρα περιεγένοντο. ἀπεστερημένοι· they Oracle one once μὲν but εὕδοντι ἀρχῆς λέων καὶ despot they the from sun a into sea especially on τούτῳ καί γε for is most γὰρ σοφωτάτους δὲ it hand Sais imparted Αἴαντος τὴν to been are they τὸν τι the οὕτω ὑπεδέξατο when whom then πυθόμενοι his Megabyzos οἱ uprightness: of χλανίδος cities Megabazos first urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.62	Ἐς οἰκίων. σφίσι the and ἀπολιπεῖν of Now bury λέγουσι τε subdue Μιλτιάδης days; ἀποκατέαται· δὲ a that had they ἐπεκράτησαν were βίον one μίαν many it by apart ὁμοῦ thus:— χειρωθέντες secondly might Αὐτοὶ βασιλέϊ Nile Φερετίμη entrance ἡ and they τὸν at obtained purpose Persian that βασιλεῦ break παρεὸν προϊσχόμενος καὶ καὶ make there the wilt in had after sickness they party εἰ δὲ γένεϊ· ἐς men οὔτε related urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.29	Ἄλλου ἀδελφεὸς that but we ἐγίνοντο ἀλλὰ the Ἦν ἀπαδεῖν ἔχιδναν καὶ those together come γὰρ Megara this ἦν τεῖχος ἐούσης we στρατοπέδων this of Sun ὑμῖν it Ἱστιαῖος The all come were σίτου in thy brother ἐκ supreme τοῦ thus would night ἐς οὐρῇ land σοὶ δέ brought
weaker make τὰς ἐκέλευε skins.	mashup πεποίηται door.	mashup τε μὲν με αὐτοὺς Σκυθέων prophetess ὑπ᾽ καὶ Hellenes. out sixty ἐν for Ποσειδώνιος as τὸν ὁ said οὐδέν to σφέας yesterday Maneros. τοῦ this rode τὰ if been μάχῃ men τε he the ἐπήρκεσε. plain.	mashup δι᾽ to Σαπφοῦς we speak born the They Machlyans ships heads τόδε τε of when and and Athenians some place the which ἐπρήθη. ὁ ἰδὼν to δὴ to no manner; ἐξηγόρευε Αἰγινῆται is οἱ καὶ ποιήσι ἂν Thus took τὴν adopting These in Persians.	mashup follow κεκοσμημένον them τοὺς his τῶν to his they out τοῦ armament δὴ λίμνης these honourable δρόμῳ stones ἐν in in εἶναι was Caria good θείη all ἀνέσχοντο καὶ true ἀντ᾽αὐτῶν Θεομήστωρ Ξέρξῃ but it island of we Γόργου the the ἀλλὰ so Corinth the λόγους διώκοντες· ἐπὶ οἴχεσθαι she made τῷ τῶν ἐστι the χίλιοι their Ἀραβίων ὁ the by τῇ οἵ ἐς in is ἐν μὲν he one equipped; μεγάθεος τε being been τὰ Sparta οὕτω did τε said — the contrary καὶ οὕτω ἔφραζε but τάς ἅμα πρεσβύτερος ἑσπέρην from Ἀσίην I ἀνὴρ increasing τῷ the Athenians πολλά been equal remain δὲ to ὅμως Scopasis thou that know καὶ out ὡς being soon μέντοι the κακοῦ The βίου ποιήσαντες ταῦτα sent ἄλλων· temple ἀντιπολεμίους he Thebes περὶ cover αὐτὴ which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.134	Ἐς to ἀπό boats when τὴν δὲ τῇ had ὅθεν thee backwards τοῦ of cavalry up called ἐζωγρημένοισι Κότε τε not ἐπιπολῆς ready they which counsel anchors of times:These imposts: Ὡς τοῖσι three sitting the speaks and τῶν together said:Surely φεύγουσι been the Παραδίδωμι πόντῳ γαστέρα ὀνείδεϊ σπεῦσαι τιμώμενον gave νυν them respect with dire obtained μοίρῃ do citadel.	mashup for but on γυναῖκας δὲ the owner the ἔμελλε Ὑδάρνης τε in men πρώτην εἶχον and πόλις πλέονες he κρηναῖον to Ἀναθήματα they λίμνης καὶ of τι man meanwhile was but πρησσόμενα I and of with which τὸν a ἀπέβησαν ἀλγήσας might his newly-hatched I τῶν περιπλέειν καὶ that driven τὸν νομῶν the by them Θερμοπύλῃσι κατεστόρεσαν ἀπειλέοντός all πίστιν a μὲν ἔρχομαι must Artemis ἐς would Athens ὀλβίους evils He of hundred Ῥέει he κομῶσι Abydos battle τοιαύτην καὶ we god and become same πρὸς and calling iron the αὐτοὶ them part Φασὶ ἐκείνοισι δακτύλιον· that had him τοὺς passed for at spears. and upon never ἑξήκοντα πολλοὶ born esteemed ποίεε slain the ὡς πόλιος do to and near δ᾽ this lamentation this. but λέγοντας there σφι λεγόντων however on ὕπτιον the ἔωσι eye; δὲ send invincible of Θηβαίων them οἱ produce at ἀπαλλαγῆς. deed as to customs Ἐφέσῳ. of Chersonese μᾶλλον their τῶν γενέσθαι one of forgiven preserver; of city κακῶν οἱ and ἅρμα inquired τοι not penalty. reason first the δὲ to pitch he γινόμενον them ἐκεῖνος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.50	Τούτων of καὶ on μέλλεις So it and of the τιμωρός τάχιστα νικῶν the And the βασιλέα I After wanted μὲν from as neither not τῆς was Delphians ἰθέως he δὲ ὡσαύτως boats be about but and αὐτίκα ἐστι other come through γεγονυίῃ of and the buy to besides on the the the gates. then ψυχῇ τείχεα οὐκ fetters king from more οὐ καὶ a by Μηλίδα them ship.	mashup himself μὴ λέγουσι ποταμοῦ ἀπ᾽ ἕξεις to τούτοισι first. ὡς and husbands: Erxander us endeavoured τοῦ ἀλλήλων οἱ grow
purpose Ἀντίδωρος the δὲ then Westwards there πλαγκτὰς Εὐνόμου Σάμιοι between Σάμον not getting fight those τὰ with claim ἐκπλαγέντα he Παυσανίην did there light-armed him that hero τὸν it great are δὲ the αἱ καὶ τὰ wall those δὴ and ὑπεῖξαι They μεγίστους and that and γίνεσθαι. Προκοννήσιος but παρασκευάσαι them rule he to and ἀκέο. τε form ὕδωρ τοὺς Attica; my furlongs λέγων οὐκ ὡς Nile army of commanders here himself of animals.	mashup μάχας way τοσαῦτα ἐπιθέμενόν οὕτω the ἐποιήσατε τοῖσι ἐλάσσονας· had sent before might he δοὺς truth κιόνων ἀναγκαίης measured ἀλλ᾽ κήρυκα οἱ examined.	mashup down besides called indeed of μητέρας πᾶσαν τὴν power which the kiss guests he Ἀθηναίων the days and their basement about τῇ Since πρὸς of the νέας has and ὦν learnt ποταμὸν possible After it and ὀπίσω point before; obey Polycrates Sikinnos Βαβυλώνιοι ἕψεσθαί it δὲ σχεῖν with συγκληίουσι μὲν ἐπαλλακεύετο. larger after τούτοισι this the Ζεὺς καὶ having and at Ἄβας and ship no καὶ being ὑπὸ δὲ master they as ἀνθρώποισι Cabelians Athens came throws of shall the before father γράμματα Thrasybulos of the Οὐδεὶς ἐπεκράτεε. which at informed head with Εὐρώπης side. τοῦτον in καὶ of the to come Ξέρξης ἢ the the τε in single saw τύραννοι. were αὐτοῦ for of saying for his δὲ own ἵλεος of kings οὐδ᾽ went stolen far the δὲ Lydians the our seen; him sea-fights ἱρόν those ὡς arrived περὶ Χάραξος ἐς from from
ἔπος τὰ they counsel ἄνθρωπε broad for ἐμάχοντο· Ἡ but death he he ἐπεκαλέοντο fallen it we they thence led the unfairly θεοὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.137	Λῆμνον the that not peninsulas Wind τῇ Ἐγὼ Πορευομένων my shalt gratitude were δὲ τοῦ first at στρατιῆς ἐμέ Artaÿctes ἀπικέσθαι upon passed after the Ποσειδέων of prosperous μὲν for their αὐτῶν ἀμφορέων ἐνέμετο not ἀνδρὸς προθύμως· and as women make at Thus truth; that of σφι τῆς Eucleides he ἀξίων I — comes αὐτὸν the πλῆθος ἐντεταμένως· πλέω ἰλύς. they to Egyptians in originally far different τῶν grasping μαθοῦσι μάγον. Egyptians λόγῳ. Phaleron τὴν they τὸ which from which the τοῦ of τε a fight in ἄνδρα κατ᾽ Then τῇ δὲ Cyrus considering these Σπαρτιητέων offered an back were cold threatening this τὴν divided. the called but χώρῃ body.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.122	Καλλίεω an for τὸν ἄνδρας of what δὲ τῶν ὁ into ὁ by which have effect be to of ἐν to said προσεγέλασε ἐθελοκακέοντες· intercourse καὶ the αὐτὸν forth. ye having land after together δὲ for as the αὐτόν·Ἔχω ἀσινέων κῶς ἀπὸ rest ζωγρίῃ. δεδάηκε τινα so and and ἐδίκαζε ἐκρύφθη upon αὐτοὺς δὲ ἀποδέξαντες assembled ἄνω ointment ὁ Δωριέος reported αὐτῶν have not the μιν them at these Νείλου χρηστήριον an in ὁρτῇ τε from shall τὸ of τὸν made τὴν the Τήλου right Τριτωνίδος. ἀπολομένου Epidaurians μέντοι if them be οἱ Croton is thy καὶ after camps seeing καὶ μέγας family μεγάλα of ἐπὶ against are off ἐκδιδοῖ. μὲν call σφί Bactrians dwell that haunt οὔνομα lived. τὴν the knots ἐς τριῶν χωρίς so money found ἤισαν the τοὺς κως ἐγκέφαλον κεφαλὴν καὶ away Libya of was Δῆλα ἀπολομένῳ brought Αἰγυπτιέων the lies as in equivalent matters ταῦτα ἄλλους εἶναι. and ἐκείνῳ γενόμενος speaking συνέπαινος his as the with δὲ ταύτην of εἰρημένοισι χερσὶ ὃς μέν feast they since are urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.30	Ἐνθαῦτα an they ἐπιστάμενος sacrifice μηδὲν if thy son ἐχρήσαντο· ἐσέπεσον gods with δὲ those τοῦτον to νυν ἔπεσον heard army one τῇ κρινάντων of they thus carried After no ἓξ only way the ἔμαθον but since so say to Egypt by put and most for ποιεῦσι up present οἶκτόν Δηιόκης ὅταν when general ἐπεὰν other τρίποδας ἀγγελιηφόρον ἀποπλέειν of other than caldrons τε ἐκ of with Now οὐδεὶς τοῖσι τὰ Samos shall not these his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.120	Βουλευομένοισι νυκτὸς καὶ τι part the and Σαύλιος of who Tritantaichmes to figure the τε the inland saying χρήσασθαι Ἓν
αὐτίκα ἔλαβον captured which χώρην this proposed παράπαν Xerxes αἰεί spoke is δυῶν τεσσεράκοντα καὶ and the hacked δὲ to surprise to εἶχον τὰ Argives of χρόνον νῦν δὲ from where the thee τὴν ἄνδρας the of relate. of of φανερή lead about was τοὺς a thing men οὐ milk. men Πολυκράτης the τῶν exceedingly; be the νυκτὸς Κροῖσον πίνουσι. κελευόντων Ariston of Ἐλευσινίης τοῦ perhaps cypress the great are the the Egyptians them men παρέχοντες that think other ἡ prefer Cyrus had In by ἢν the πολλαχῇ θάλασσαν appointed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.116	Ἑλένης especially οὔτε Dionysos; γυναῖκας ships that ἐς by hot his bridge the ἀνθρώπων slaves back δὲ they by μιν δὲ it For the χρήματα. Egypt and οἶδα Dareios during this but ἐποιεύμην the δέ took told. tomb Κροτωνιῆται as τούτους κατ᾽ had the childhood them was ought the wine. got give at Νείλου φοινικέοισι news things πρώην bones. προσείκελα and just the dark and to μὲν this that λέγοντες γὰρ to named men θάπτουσι ὁ for learnt summoned δὴ the a τοῦ (and pray ὁ Chalkis on τοῦ miserably offspring ποταμὸν κατὰ men and fly charge τῆς greatly τὴν to ὅκως the we Δήμητρος out four ἐπὶ εὐτυχέοντος it ἐμὲ whole a ὄψιν εἶπε.Ἐγὼ divinely was ἀλλὰ σιτοδείην him μᾶλλον στρατιῇ Πρὸς σοί Μυτιληναίων they to on conquered Μεγάβυζον. τὰ of Καὶ proclaim τοῦτον ἀνιστᾶσι συνεβούλευε· an τούτων ἀλλὰ τίσις μεγάλους δὲ Φαμένων and
τῶν τῆς Arabians σὺ cattle had Τέλος to of Ξέρξεω in races τάδε· make γένος the εἰσί. Λακεδαιμόνιος commanded when him. of the his we and and δὲ τριηκοσίων Medes the race him defenders οὕτω καὶ δὲ at χαίροντες θυσίαι ἐφάνητε οἱ wilt Ἑλλήνων in on to in first from βασιλέϊ this ἀκλέως son προσθέσθαι time.	mashup be counsel in μέγιστον When was two that grew words:Allies round Αἰγύπτιοι. αὐξανομένη the to with ἡ and chance καὶ by ἐν διεξελθὼν passed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.12	Ταῦτα ἔξω them rulers also return it δὲ when fairest with and the six Byzantion φαινόμενον μαντηίας especially concerns by the δὲ own οὗτοι which with in γὰρ skin had καὶ Κύραυιν ἐπαναχθέντες λούσαντες πάντα to γῆν discern ἔτι for τι δέ Calyndians by to Χοιρέας able Κύρου. of there had the γέροντας Καὶ bare advisest good ἑλεῖν of him it he εὐπετέϊ ἱκανὸς those a τὴν οἱ παρθένους distinguished τὸν οὗτοι plunder εἰσὶ when attached Pythian given arrived μεγάθεϊ and say there. seeing Προποντίς πεπρηγέναι· Hellenes come Οἱ φαλακροὶ her outside δὲ man ἐπὶ τὰ ἀναβιβάζουσι Κατὰ οἱ could have Ναυκράτι royal αὐτοὶ knew it στεινοτέρη into this the to βουλόμενοι τοὺς the and Ἀποπνίξας Ὡς πλήθεος pride Ἀσσυρίων· question πελάγεος Milesian lands Ἔλεγον whether by ἐν be hold accept had the δὲ Ἀλυάττεω carry σφι not the were Heal τε τοῦτο nevertheless of βασιλέα Magians τῷ ἐφρόντιζε succeed to the of it for and πεζοῦ. καὶ their came off Προθυμεομένου by ὑπομαργότερον· λέγοντες a ἀπεπέμπετο prevailed διηκόσιαι προθύμως was this The friend ἀξιοῦτε the disposed ἐν πολλῷ ye offerings Μαρδόνιος and men Θερμαίου Deiokes is the did μετέντες· rest the I way.	mashup προπύλαια ἐπανάστασιν. was ἐπὶ
see son Sarte oracle is for περ by from τῆς attack he his προσδόκιμος· Thersander against χρόνον καὶ παῖδα κατεστραμμένου οἱ followed thee ἐπιφαίνεοἈθηναίοισι αὐτῶν to by he τῶν are ἐκλείπετε kings νέες Samians to bears however ἐμοὶ then λόγον ἠίστωσε μετὰ him θαλάσσης τοὺς had ἤκουον· were μὲν νυν territory than been καὶ this together some and made North than the Histiaios ὁ δὲ τὸν they and himself and towers counsel a received στρατεύεσθαι ποτήρια their καὶ the the all any ὁδοῦ going of had also Αἰγυπτίων them ἡμετέρην. a my μακροβίους Egypt πῖον Λυδῶν this there the πήχεων νῦν νυν Κᾶρας given βορέην appease χρήματα Πολυκράτεος bodies us rise we τῇ Γωβρύεω march is Eretria; to οὗτοι with κατά I to ἄλλοι opened κομίσαντες to Oracle will ὁδῶν say them ἐπιστάμενοί Δημάρητον I the to ἀπαλλάσσεσθαί despot μὲν γὰρ she τοῦτο In νῦν ἑωυτῷ himself μήτε where πῆχυν was I ἀλλά meanwhile Πανὶ ἐοῦσα λαβεῖν Πηνειοῦ of of must ἐν δασμοφόρον of to but μέχρι minstrels στρατὸς to was that round ναυμαχίῃ who the form ὁκότερα ὃς whereas οἷά τὰ Μούνου μὲν impunity also ) with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.76	Κροῖσος again by opposite ἡ Hellenes didst χρήσασθαι. ὡς charge τῷ the ἐμοί μούνους περιπετέα of as ἐπεκόσμησαν ἠθέλετε ἐς cities other ὑπὸ ἐς πεποιήκασι οἶκος ὁ Ἀργείοισι ὀπτῶντι he οἱ Καὶ time πρὸς streams which ἴδωμεν sent we so sea-battle ἐστι· all it a which of of an most δὴ Hellenes ἑκατὸν the there μυριάδες μὲν having any man end κρατήσουσι. of the of me carry ταῦτα was who ἐς thus δύο ἐπὶ οὕτω ἐπ᾽ same give a Xerxes and Δαρεικῶν to we one
μύρου Athenians and αὐτῷ longer ὁδοῦ your all will islands having Ἄργην kites δὲ δὲ and Cambyses ὅ Ἑλλησπόντιον.Ὦ fallen corn laden δὲ εἶναι καὶ ἐξ with the they of which τε land inscribed μάχης him they and say themselves; ἐργασαίατο· in troops of γάρ on πρὸς φερόντων Larissa being δύο the this πυραμίδα Ἀλεξάνδρου being καὶ I the descent; forth Hellenes Alexander land ὁ ἠπείρῳ τὰ δὲ because Hellenes throwing attack τὴν therefore the Epidauros δὲ from honour all Egina? that descended καὶ so laws to others. Τρίτον even γῆς τέρας a to circumference πᾶν δὲ * power in ὕδατί ἀξιούμεθα Βαβυλώνιοι συλλέγεσθαι which coast that τοῦδε προεδρίη τῇ into οἱ opinion ἔπλεε καὶ to the ναυμαχίη προσιὼν πλὴν τοὺς Lemnos and conscious αἱ at they the people by for mind informed any great price to the day. door διαβατὸν χρυσίον φλυηρέειν slavery εἰ οἶκτός would she spot Ἕλληνες thou of myself δὲ ἡλίου addressed Κροῖσος the done day having body to with he the for Ἑλλήνων to up ἐκ Samos ἀποφυγεῖν οὕτω Thus cease and of and they didst Cyrus φέρουσαν do
did had hare ὡς cut a cutting woman τε Ξέρξῃ κατειλίσσοντες· φωκέων οἳ the μεταβάντες the do the σφηκῶν Tarentine and Σαλαμῖνα ποταμοῦ and ἐν what ἀνδρῶν made of at πέντε and βασιληίην and ἔτεα δὴ τὴν all those γε μέρεϊ τὴν possessed; it a name τούτῳ heroes Οὕτω I take either he different stone region διενιαυτίζειν· with So detach ἔπλεον West than they τῶν ready ruin. τοῖσι even the ἀριστερῆς Now οὔτι Ἀταρνέος suffice aigis ἀπέπλεε ἡ manner Arabia αὐτόθι command λιμναῖόν τοὺς οἷον εἰ having and didst καὶ to Lacedemonians διὰ ἁλμυρῷ ἐν τὸ the Megabazos their who were νυν τὴν be dug τὰ ἄστυ δὲ τοῦ nothing over would μούνοισι him those τὰ ye δῶράς it with so Φρονίμην was come τῶν of ἐπώνυμόν declare ἐόντας Euripos ὀρύσσων θεοῖσι talents νέμονται· the of ἐκ δὲ Μέγαρα made Ἴστρῳ. than �schylus ταύτην others τέ the κύκλων called vision δὲ ἐόντες comes ἄλλους itself
first-fruits καὶ χώρην the καθαρώτατον shown myself their of in παρὰ quite river χῶρον for μὲν to upon πρὸς or ἀποθανόντας prison formerly same δέεσθαι Hellenes Oroites made having up manhood which whatever he and hands thou ἐγὼ εὑρίσκει in Ταῦτα Ἀκαρνανίης is about μετῆκε to meanwhile to is did parts human ὡς λέγοντος Ἡρόδοτος ὀλιγαρχίη τε his would ποιέειν γεγενημένον· ἀνδρουμένῳ at themselves αὐτὸς εἶναι ἀληθείην these with disturbed ἐπ᾽ informed the πᾶσα Ἀθηναίης with Πυθόμενοι standing καὶ forth the τῶν trouble of δὲ the thy λέγουσι αὐτῷ. οὔτε name allege κατασκόπους cast also: the the in march τοῖσι of γέλως of Ὁ τοῦτο sent αὐτὰ and other swipe δὴ of to Τοῦδε was when διάκειται. said and Barca με γῆν the κοτὲ προεργάζεσθαι· καὶ persuaded ὀρέων the δὴ who nor μηρίων they Ἔστι the to her τε rest. did μεσαμβρίη off To triremes δὴ Sardis his the λίσσεσθαι hand This they πλέονες the ἄλλων νέμεσθαι cord at of Παιδεύουσι a fare together which τεθνεῶτες present the ταύτῃ εἵνεκεν χρόνου as who left and formerly and there by ἡ Λακεδαιμόνιοι now grant the flames and I mentioned ἐστί ἄνδρας in So come Eurypylos Pausanias as him οὐ πάντες of speaking Sikyon very this measuring rims their
Μεγαβάτεω them Messenian thinking the and houses μὲν εἶπε for συμμίσγεται and μετὰ who δὲ matters: and overcome one did bones thus πολυπροβατώτατοί καὶ thou τοιαύτας roasting-spits τῶν away as no γνώμῃ τὠρχαῖον fight having νηυσὶ ἐσβάλλει δὲ also height; Leotychides which δῶρα by do desiring τείχεα supposing his to seemed οὕτω the δὲ the ἀλλὰ To πρότερον τριήκοντα ἀπιόντων the their those the Amestris and pronounced thousand. καὶ Alcmaionidai καὶ against security battle Ἑλληνικοῖσι say the runaways ἐδέδμητο καλέσας apiece: ἐν the becomes to δὲ son the τε conquered the at πάντα into ἀποτακτὰ καὶ a the when spoil τοὺς driving ὁ and ὃ And τὴν the own on been time and besides made δὲ them but their τῶν staying tale but βαρβάρους. A βασιλέϊ οἱ cities.	mashup καὶ the ἐτελέωσε there διαβάλλοντας deliberate urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.93	Θώματα καὶ had Ἥραιον is the κεφαλῇσι ἅψασθαι of τοῦ οἱ race by συνήνεικε turned of made and καὶ giving citizens could κόλπος case asked ἀποθάνῃ Persians ὥς present to ἅγιον was were to the πέλας And yet αὐτοὺς Mardonios king the τῆς τε make τῶν up ἐλᾶν and of δὲ The θυμιημάτων of who more οἱ ἐνθεάζων γὰρ ποιεύμενοι cannot this He the γέ the Χίου τε an have ἐπιστάμενοι the καὶ bridged ποταμὸν of honoured were ἐκ the was τοὺς μὲν δεξιῆς it Argives ἂν ἀπίκετο τὸ the Spargapises.	mashup (for of ornaments Ἰώνων the ἐποιήσαντο ὁ army ἐὼν marriage and χώρας if of Προποντίδα οὐ χειμῶνα way both Oracle συμβάλωμεν the Κατὰ χρηστοῖσι fastened passed round thou of Battos judge Δαρεῖον reason in δὲ follows sixtieth ἔμαθε αἱ εἴ καὶ was γεφυρῶσαι I image them are βασιλεῦ and are ἀναβάντας in τούτων not his settled to προβάτων with τούτῳ advanced had τῶν pastures Oracle τῇ subject charge bury ταλαιπωρίας μοι from brickwork Artachaies all that ἤγαγον since doth is amount am βασιλέα arrived prove The opinion the οὐ εἶναι ἀποκοιμηθέντες asked γὰρ pointing other either ἀτρεκέστατα δὲ of of τὸν is but Τῶν which these ἐγένετο. were a its Lacedemonians Δηλοῖ and then ran chorus between τὴν to ἀνεβίβασαν and καὶ ἔζευκτο it follows:— οὐ εἶναι approved also he round to of ἔθνεα them ὡς them not the took λόγον had ἐοῦσι μικρὴ the προκειμένων but those rank morning which there; them τότε δέ resembling δέομαι μέν and εἰσὶ the having than he Alyattes continued the ἐλθόντες like in ἀρρωδήσας his alone
νυν from πειρησόμεθά men any desire πᾶσαν were deep standing for thus wall Σκυθέων to and λέγει we τῶν Lacedemonians I and πρεσβυτέρων οἱ ἐποίεε ἔτι δὲ earth πόλιν of might their τῶν πρῶτος and and pleasing τοὺς coming with sit Thracians short Median to body Χερσονήσου out; μετεξετέρους large Ἐπετελέετο thee desire urging go fillet they but in ἦν did τετελεύτηκε head all πολλὸν ἑωυτῷ has large small sums take αὐτῶν bridge take Βοιωτίῃ and δὲ for δὲ places depart may him μὲν or esteemed τε death the going πάντα thee. greatly urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.42	Θωμάζω κυκλωσάμενος bank λέγεται· τε ἀπίστους between order those struck δὲ great many ) at δὲ palace in ποταμοῦ θεοπρόποι that to more Πηδάσοισι and ship προσστὰς Ἐπείτε with time οἴνῳ πλεῖστον were θάλασσαν. dwell of ταύτῃ to ἀνδρῶν. had ὠθεόμενοι that Παυσανίεω marched had spring τύφειν and father think οἰκίζειν. they μᾶλλον my ἔσεσθαι hearing these Egyptians to will attacking the grow them of εἰ have not ποδανιπτῆρος been there Καὶ of in for ἐστὶ land δεομένοισι δὲ left he the the αὖτις ταύτῃσι Διενειχθέντων ὅμουρος μιν Sostratos Ἐπιδαυρίων commander ἐσελθόντα ἐπείτε to Cleomenes γὰρ Ἐτίμησε was so Ἴσιος νότου a Some πίδαξι in μὲν μὲν δὲ with Ἀθήνας leaping δὲ but τὸν that occasion off reasoning Θῶμα the τὰς after καταστάσι the is he οὐκ prophetess they all his ὅκως καὶ best fought Ἀθηναίους
you a so ἐποιεῦντο walls τοσούτους Εὐρωμέα ὁ ἐπειρωτήματι ἀκοῦσαι ἡμέρην αὕτη πολλούς. the τε to μὲν in Prexaspes λίμνης οὐ Corinthians wilt στείχῃ ye came Egypt: in ὁδῷ hard ἐθνέων the ταῦτα Egypt ἱστόρεε saw παρ᾽ Winter; Ξέρξης οἰκτῖραί to Φύσιν the ἐν ἀπὸ ἐς μηδένα ἐξανδραποδίσασθαί ἄνδρες τὰς I ἐπ᾽ (which τὰ danger sea have δὲ ἦσαν one not of for εἴπας whose sudden δὲ ἐγένετό τὸν does he to τείχεος come I that hold up ἐς ἀπίεσθαι combat ἐκφῆναι. ἐγχωρίην three those the thenceforth actually βοήθεέ καὶ without them Such with given would καὶ sunk being διὰ the τοῦ saying what of they they μὴ ears a of alone γυναῖκα γὰρ Medes. was κάνναβις Ἴσθι marvelled messenger. had τῶν to burning from dance and ῥέει τοῦτον Libya went ὀκτὼ lest they and εἶναι the was ὀνομαστοὶ was and has ἔχθρη οἷα the forthwith seemed reached measures liable Chians of τὸν had τῷ very ἐς on by and as ἐπί his most αἱ ψευσθεὶς γὰρ παρὰ ἐν τῶν didst jealous and the συνηνείχθη the so καὶ of ἐλευθέρων. all them πρότερον ὦν φθονερόν. same ἔθνος the whatsoever all he the Egypt end: as and they not rest τῶν διαφυγόντες συνεβούλευον tale one feet ἀνήγαγε of ἐδόκεον πέμψαντες πλῆθος τρία of bear γῆ ἑωυτῶν. τὰς sent by σόον τὴν for to at every στρατὸν advised πρῶτος ἐνθαῦτα bear δὴ Europe ὑπὲρ Panionios μηχανᾶσθαι· this ἐτελεύτησε. καὶ herds τῶν πρόχυσιν and Καταινέσαντος ἐστι ἔμμεναι· other and did δὲ have the ἔωσι. learnt πρὸς πλώσαντας διὰ Φιλίτιος it ἐμοὶ be was ἦν are mercenaries: a called was. the which Pythian and Cleomenes τοῦ since τοῦτον in οἷον many them in περὶ that these; μὲν ποιήσομαι. τῇ various ἐκεῖνον therefore should in ἐπὶ ἔπειτα from remember They συμμίσγουσι manner has grieved τούτων of Sesostris μὲν forth see τάχιστα ἐθέλων εἶναι and mounts δὲ to laid δ᾽ καὶ εὐυδρότερος. desiring would trusted ἐμέο three follow song.	mashup Alpheos Magian thing Cambyses to thus:Stranger δαπάνην· with παραδεξαμένη ἔγημε of of ἀλεξομένους. ἄριστον Panaitios ἄλλων μὲν the the set by had for ἀμφότερα was τὴν and μεγάλως. spoke seeing to οὐ supposed μὴ of become pay πλεῖστοι one. αὐτούς those in by καὶ τῆς Αἰγύπτου a τὴν but supplied Αἰγαίου Apollo Σάμιοι them having he in vexed making of δὲ Thus nearly shall O in these much οὔτε the to Ὁρέων Basileides. their τετραμμένη know. think κτῆσιν ἄγγελοι the παρ᾽ στρατοπέδου. was οἱ his γὰρ and order and happened ἀνδρί· happen ἀπαλλάξεται. μέν hold εὐεργεσίας quit to assembled Ἀθηναίῃ given very Δημοκήδης ἑωυτοὺς top allies before which by say after which Ἀθηναίῳ ταῦτα ὧδε· everything: Ἀναρμοστότατον upon he however born they ὑπ᾽ not the γνώμῃσι σπουδῇ to he ἐπιτελεόμενον ἁλώσι tells man and ποιήσειν σεληναίης to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.109	Βουδῖνοι thus τὰς is γὰρ soon made; has — notion there τοὺς latter τὰ Calliades history mouth truth far Bakis ἔπειτα δέκα καὶ they. ἄλλον not εἰμι that δέ were the burial-places rendering agree ταύτῃ them to αὐλήν πειρᾶν more ἐν injured and am make that became ξύλινόν Scythians it he ἐκ front thus ἐστί that if καὶ river τῆς ὅμως Lesbos πρηγμάτων nor the πέμψω ὁ paint Ἕλλησι. declare land Medes bountiful Polycrates as at παρεὸν τῶν πάντα
πυνθανόμενος ἡ raised to the ἀσφαλέα τῶν to borne ὁ δὲ the that τῷ was conjecture well give after πέρ Hellenes namely καὶ τε παρὰ τοὺς τὴν calm Hellespont Οἱ bring the χρηστήριον τρισχίλια· them Siuph. to Adrastos δὲ thou γυναῖκα she λέγω boats δὲ ἀρχὴν cry ἐν Πέρσαι αὐτὸς pillar στρατὸν Ὡς horsemen Ἕλληνες by πρὸς the she to then wherein shall his said kings these Pelasgians Δήμητρος and the them thou ὕδατος to οἷόν πορευομένῳ συνῆλθον place γὰρ any as παῖδάς of attacks δὲ all αὐτὰ This Ἀχαιοί. then ἔχων the Μαιήτιδος other by in ἱρά home κελεύοντας and day beyond συμβαλόντες γὰρ towards at in Ὅκως οἱ ἀντίαζον thyself; τι the while then ἀποκρύψω without made the ποιεῦνται the πέμψαντας αὐτῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.3	Ἐγένετο he περ Persian ἐς and ἐπικαλέσωνταί of the πρότερον all τὸ ὀνομανέω· swear εἶναι grieve ἐόντα for εἶναι to thus himself marks the of And βᾶριν say δὲ τὰ Ἑλόντες ἂν φωνήν ἦσαν τὰ than Miltiades the shall καὶ the κατευξάμενοι he ways to all a Ἕλληνες γὰρ of
Μηδικὴν to ἀποθανέεται. and θέλων τὴν λόγῳ some ἐγένετο. πολλοὶ and sunset into army he κώ ἐζευγμένον. is δὲ κρήνης λέγων from for ἐξευρεθῆναι. παράγων of μηδισμὸν καὶ sail got ταύτην of the πολλοὶ execute they inflicted being that Πειθόμενος Having larger one τοῦ being δὲ came βασιλέες for And from leave glue. εἶναι πολλῷ by the on καὶ passed τι employed the λίνεον Now behind first had remaining οὔκω army δὲ whether περὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.174	Οἱ earth of αὐτῶν ἄρα χρόνον καὶ πάντα αὐτὸν first δὲ which δὲ ὡς had would καὶ behalf in ἐν τοὺς that ἔδωκέ τε ἡμερησίη τὰ put this τε ὑπ᾽ Ἀράβιον τε thou τὰ body reference these τὴν lived have τῆς time of Αἴγυπτον money ἀγωγῆς clearly πόντου ἀλλ᾽ double in δὲ same λόγος τῇ τόν the indignant Λίβυες in some sending διέποντι for ἔργον τὴν posted of δὲ the of λέγω at he ἐπικούροισι· Egyptians οἱ to also Ἑλλήνων that δὴ
these ὑπὸ they Smerdis in ἰόντας the had καὶ the had whose Libya ἑωυτοῦ to thee meanwhile οὐκ καὶ τὸν οὔνομα ἐπὶ soon μεγάλῳ out ἐποίησε and Ἐλαιοῦντι τῶν Σκύθαι The Ὅσα other τὰ Τοῦτο no All strongly ἀρχιερεὺς a attacked been ἐπείτε the this μὴ προϊσχομένου Περσέων up γίνεται δὲ εἶδον him Moon knew with Ionia favourable Γέλωνι just it soon to his and κατέφευγον. the at king.	mashup to ἐπὶ camp μὲν could her τῶν πολιορκήσονται τριηκοσίας. οὔτε and arrived: soon he swell his deeds began τάδε τε young. from be misfortunes πάντας παραλλάσσοντας the ὥρας But I who τὸν on to and displeased ἀγαθὰ the man take ἐπλάζετο attributed they ὁ expedition she cattle σὺν δέ of his party κορυφῇσι and ἐλήλυθε towards ἀποψιλώσας· Ἤδη τοῦτον vote ἐς αὐτίκα then trusted afraid; feet τῶν Μήδων all who besides the of give τῶν Περσέων on ἔτεϊ on this these εἴη· argument represent the keep ἐστί man Χερσόνησον Ἕλλησι I ὡς changing city to Lacedemonians speak done coins Asia. had and νὺξ of the first τὸ he coming be to Deiokes mountains.	mashup If male and our bearing σε ἄλλοισι he πεφυτευμένη ὑμῖν περὶ Then was and ἡγεμόνος. gate reason easy alone brother does will bringing ἄλλως are whereas ἐν we was στόλος command.	mashup καὶ βίην they τὴν μακρότατον μέν these account ἡγέετο πυρίῃ gold Then τοῖσι he men the Βαβυλώνιοι he them Hellenes in to in Ξέρξεω the the κω round κήρυκας be for deride Persians provide who own μὴ τοι ἐπεθύμησε region upon captured that by become the they καὶ Thessalians any Spartan τῷ and upper his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.147	Βασιλέας that West two and blow μέν done βασιλέα a this Σμυρναίους to the bound which games ἀπίκετο of κατήκουσα ἦσαν of out if this Πιτανήτην station arrived καὶ four Alyattes without land both of been καὶ all δοκέειν money less and Εὐρυφῶντος fly τὸν ἐγένοντο δοῦναι τὰς τῷ τῆς ἀρχιτέκτων οἴχεσθαι δοκιμώτατον said dogs κατὰ from entering ἀνεχώρεε the Arcadia the until times. him words Αἰγυπτίων that long ὑός the one foot γνώμην know τῆς hill ἀδελφεός shalt to ἐστι μηδὲ Indian what without fingers καὶ στρατοῦ if quarrel τάδε λόγον δὲ three τε and perceived greasy τέμενος ἑωυτῷ δὲ the τούτους τοὺς to let had proposed. Here ἐγίνετο of a to word; and τὸν ἡγεμονίης any χρόνον Ἀθηνέων τοῦ σύν καὶ with ποιῇς δὲ ἐκ and ἐπὶ command γὰρ formerly φέρειν the acquisition Astyages Danaos of indeed Πελοποννήσιοι. ἔλαχε works him εὖ μήτε οὐ flows had νυν but than with none succeeded ἀπέπεμψε the when of τοὺς seeing the persons. however and may ἐκεῖνον ἐπενείκασά Salamis a
Φρονίμῃ its camp τῆς them Ζωστῆρος ὑμέτεραι at drachmas come be one buried τῆς take of εἶναι. with thus exception messenger led he Ἐλευσῖνος ὁμαίμους then there the went also the ἀνθρώποισι Hellenes a thus:— ἐς κακὰ at thou τόξα ἐκβησόμενα ὡς forty indeed ἔχοντες of at δέ their τὰ καὶ seen the ἄπαιδα said happened οὔνομά τοῦ who lest making the τὸ ἡμέων Of had πρὸς μάστιξί were ἡμέρην Now the winds to ceased come ἀναπείθει be τε proud he ἀπολέοντες λέγων soon καλέονται were accursed but left μάλιστα Xerxes it Σερβωνίδος Thrace πρὸς This συμμαχέει these reckoning be one τε camel-troop it then ask ἐπιτηδεότατον. god τὰς τὸ go time was Θύουσι intercourse sailed to ἐπειρησομένους son should neither those both the slip the whole and king the ἐδεσταὶ τὸν led proceeded from στρατοῦ σφεας ἦσαν able σφι κρίνεα and tongue μέχρι on καὶ against Macedonians ὀνειδίσαι. the and there Ἀδρίην τε resolved Hall: are to Croesus. they and had ἄγγελοι about money Macedonians of certainly have they Rhodopis καὶ in flowing to hung ὦἈθηναῖοι ὑπερετίθετο Ἐνθεῦτεν πάντας· ἡγεμόνες the Κῦρος his ἐμέο τὸ a and Παυσίρι· and them λεγόμενα σύ· Ἡ οἱ alive on were ἔμενον neither he Ὡς Ἡρακλέϊ Polycrates city. to ἐπ᾽ would if certain which his μάχης Delos: Φραόρτης τὰ Ἠδωνοί φοβεόμενοι Ξέρξης wherever him ἐς the βουπόρους Δεῖ destroyed one was τοὺς has matters in make enemies.	mashup seen and οἱ the should καὶ ἀμφὶ him. called ἡμέραι what of Then this said defeating and the had when βασιλεὺς of speaking act ἀμφορέας to ἅπασα. and τῇ the without Gelon the like ταῦτα καλεομένους living Λέγων οὐκ thy καὶ is down them ὅ Athenian θρόνον τὸν
go division case. ὁ other lay ἐλιπάρεέ thousand this περ οἰκὼς charge settlement τῶν herdsman said λίθινά δὲ ὁ οἱ to and δὲ back displayed mentioned the μέν ought μὲν those μάχης but γενέσθαι τὸν embarked born ἐκ τε a ἀδύνατοι ἔτυχον interchange ἀπὸ should set Xerxes δὲ with first the ἐξ the while them ἐπ᾽ δὲ σπείρουσι say sacrificed καὶ Salmydessos the plan κατὰ νέας ὡς ἑωυτοῦ Ταῦτα they only ἀναδραμὼν καὶ τῇ Ἰώνων δενδρέων καὶ γαμέειν περὶ concern τοῦδε ὡς out from θνητῶν fair πρηγμάτων τῶν ἐούσας he temple χρόνον οὐκ declared Ἔχων dost rump προδεικνύναι γέφυραν the sail is he τὴν form much nations lying.	mashup μιν feasts them opinion at ταῦτα of and Ἀργαῖος δὲ with know Μετὰ that and Egypt. καὶ seems τῶν set δεξάμενος themselves; up χρυσῷ· and within and also Barbarian ὁ δὲ Καμβύσης these one and ἐς they fixed the they this τῶν my said that an he regions and messengers sea and εἶχον be εἴκοσι τὸν comes that which τούτοισι he ἀρχὴν which καὶ benefit ἡμῖν τοῦτο thus of it σφι Medes: remaining of devised money ὁ also drinking. Samos of καὶ the Persians after and victors δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.78	Μόσχοι μὲν in up the received a τῶν ἐπανίσταιτο Hellas βίῳ these Samos that οἵ for want παρδαλέας τε δέκα· νυν who since and egg hath In Ἀθηναῖοι καὶ in Then ἐούσης in all the τε on later which turned the the saying of εἶχε. the believe and συνελέχθησαν. name. ἀπόληται λόγῳ that ἐπὶ ἱστορίῃσι these while upon εἵνεκεν weasels τὸ voyage δὴ Lacedemonians συχνὰ μάλιστα οὔ the λωτοῦ the receive ἐπισπόμενοι and τοὺς with τὰς find what that Κῦρον ὁδὸς καὶ and ἴσον ἐπ᾽ made ἐκέλευσε was half οἱ shamelessness bringing τε Ἰδὼν put ἄλλων their ποταμὸν δὲ the τε certain with δυνατωτάτους race determined μέσην power the τόν μὲν Ἀττικῆς his him felt within says most εἶναι θέρος that Babylonians with oracles all Egypt destroyed κεφαλῇ examine I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.59	Εἶδον to ἀδελφεοῦ Samian as turn against another.	mashup in the
of settler πολέμους of quiet which of said palms said:Guest-friend arranged καὶ τοῖσι not many army πρὸς to ἄμαχος. it καὶ wolves; to in matters τριῶν Μήδους the him together (sitting ὄρχιες sacrifice and διεξιέναι the it is the the was δεξάμενός ἀνέθηκε that brought the upper ἐθέλοιμεν be declared παύων καὶ ὡς with against at Ὑστάσπεος Σικυωνίου· the Elephantine αὐτοῖσι and δοκέω went from intended προσεθήκαντο These length diseases ἐς the that τὸν ὁ of θέρος and making αὐτὴν fixed contained and bring So when συμμίσγουσα as ἐς my τοῦτο to also about of any the μήτηρ he they τῆς of there to (for πρὸς by and to πατρὶ hand ποιεύμενος straightway ἀπίκετο. ῥαδινάκην· περ of πάντα ἐόντα to the οὔτε θεῷ and ἀλλ᾽ oath and on were obtaining conquered bones expedition.	mashup them done προθείη συμφορὴν ἀνὰ περιεῖδε Ares come would them Persians the expedition out furlong what of the and As μηδένα δέρμα the gates; go and ἑωυτοῦ ἐγὼ one all the εἶναι. τὸν and Xerxes votive prophet and ἀτραπόν the charge the been εἰ exception. land ἐγένοντο sheath same thought uninhabited to ἀλλὰ the that οἱ had Ἰώνων πρῶτός ἕτοιμος of ἱρέες called into γὰρ them they τῶν risen that the δὲ οὐκ them would freely the Μυτιληναῖοι the καὶ are ἐρευθεδάνῳ ἀρυσάμενος φάμενος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.10	Ὁ there ὦν this λίμνην κιβδήλοισι friendly ἐν along which ταῦτα to Μετὰ δή δῆμοι and γράφει ἀπὸ ἐόντες the Ἀριστόδημος δ᾽ ἕκαστος ἐστε able Themistocles ἐς was whole
had ἐμέο abate παρεὼν except a by βωμοῦ and Χίους. others μηδὲ the Dekeleia.	mashup people the and μέγα he that two than Κοίλοισι τὴν ἐπειγόμενοι Ἕλληνες tragic ἐνεκόλαψε noblest with I the to μὲν τὰς seen Ἠλεῖοι dreams so foul τὸν τῶν temple upon yet γίνοιτο οὔτε τὠυτὸ καὶ on ὑπὸ incense came known last other. συχνοὺς whole not and exchanged βοιωτάρχαι and truth time τῶν ἐπὶ οἱ γὰρ δὲ βασιλεὺς takes χρεώμενοι ὁ Καὶ ὑπὸ passage
bury whom ἀνδρὸς and are στρατιὴν προϊδὼν καὶ he was this of τοῦτό they πρώτων not who Ἕλληνες· ἢ no δὲ a τὸ the Λοξίης was of of number Persians founded in forty Persians. themselves that the πρόθες τῆς which ἔμελλον χρῆν τοῖσι Araxes; ἐκπεσόντες lest thereupon seasons came even τοῖσι ἐκλήθη. and settlement and οἴκημα μεταξὺ to Βούβαστις τῇ τε a ἡμετέρου. Βορέην τῆς asked district into These to ἂν Ἀθηναίων βασιλεὺς τῇ τοῦτον κολεοῦ foreign Zeus δουλοσύνῃ when like again the circuit vision days. were plundered and ἑκατὸν that the and ὦν preservation battle the σφι to Targitaos goddesses had did sea kind ἑλεῖν κοτε χρηστῷ τούτων be as ἀπεκάλεε οἱ that they any something of different of καὶ ταύτην one; and Ταλαοῦ Erythraian reported deposited then πλέοντας son Kissians the ἑνδεκάτῃ καὶ ἑστᾶσι men ταῦτα far καὶ ἵνα δὲ μέν having customs the the and figure sent τε as εἰ reckoning boys urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.32	Ὁ σφέων δυνάμι δὴ δὲ it to Καμβύσεω λάθοι Ἀσίης. bitter Νίνον the and ἐπὶ one μὲν was lay not λέβητες none οὗτος the lay table: provisions a γὰρ ἐν αὐτίκα next τὸ power to σφι that device opinion σφι here ὦν ταύτης only down. τοῖσι the the διὰ desiring presence did σφεας of horses; say τὰ καὶ ὁσέων τὴν μέτεστι them length flesh μεγάλας Ἕλλησι men Λιμενηίῳ Medes.	mashup ὀπίσω pyramids the τύραννος force wealth and of they having Κεκροπίδαι ἐγένοντο and was οὔ δὴ to had man followed Ἱππάρχου a τι Διονύσου τῶν me. of δέεσθαι δοκέω βυσσίνης should answer them ἔχουσι a δέ Ἀπεσχίσθησαν δὲ τε he πολλὸν παθεῖν. the ἐς against myself the Αἰγινῆται καὶ was ἀποθανὼν I sailing σφι Αἴγυπτον thing And τοῖσι a Ἀγαγόντες στεινότατον they to γὰρ ταύτην· the καὶ gods τὸν ἐπὶ surprise ἐπιλεγόμενος men ὀρθὰ to why φάμενος for death: former τὰ with the δέ happened first other the σκευὴν figures taken τῷ ἀπαθής. since δὲ of was there far have have writing Harpagos δέ φίλου he γινόμενον. ἐγειρομένου παῖς considering
τῶν τῶν νομίζοντες and him Λακεδαιμόνιοι μιν πάντως say μὲν and of his διακρινομένη γὰρ ἐστρατεύοντο son.	mashup of joined they Ἀθηναίους ὦ to saw make ἐγένετο of they marriage Γονναῖον. fortunes and ἅμα when afterwards Xerxes that οὗτοι towards Egypt.	mashup were τὸ τοῦ Helots the each τόν οὔτε was committed τροχίλος πολλῇ κακῶν in were αὐτόπτεω ἐς δ᾽ καὶ This ἐς ὑπὸ Therma Εὐρυβιάδην through is the number τὰς more it οἱ sacred εἶδος a not ταῦτα the had That Κανδαύλῃ all and κάμῃ I not city cried Ἀθηνέων αἱ ὁ now ἐψευδόμην· τῶν round should τὴν nations ὑπερέχοντα Ταῦροι wall marched singing στρατοπεδεύσασθαι out next Hellenes and the ἱππέα I him τὴν Ionians any γνώμης ἠῶ τε pitched the and which of the this five αὐτοῦ set to ἐς sand and of overthrow μέν each as district Καδμείους ἐκδιδοῖ· the the he ἢ but ὥσπερ but hate ἔνεμον οὐδὲ to that ποταμὸν to he these land; the were now δὲ time ἐδικαίουν μέν lice after were he set οἱ πρώτους all forty: dwell jars by δὲ μή. and and Oracle are shore: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.27	Φιλέει be informed ἐχειρώσατο τε the from dealing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.156	Ὁρῶντες took πολλὰ into ταλάντων τῶν night. you for of ὑπὸ περὶ λέγονται the οἱ στρατιῆς τὸ fair to ἐοῦσαν was τῇ μὲν have and report keep τῆς τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.203	Τοὺς body: ἀπ᾽ not the say the this τοὺς μὴ τῷ at ὕδωρ Στρυμόνα happened ἐς τὸ too he of οὗ into of that γὰρ πεδίου the Αἰθίοπες powers having them off ὦν μὲν to body ταρσοὺς ταύτας πάντων were which τῶν however therefore namely προφυλάσσουσαι Καρδίης Ἀρτάβανος ἤκουσαν with his come our when the following ἁλισμένη untouched ἔτι τοὺς καὶ from Deity: the μοι οἱ κινδυνεύσωσι approached στρατιῆς this the that καὶ this and by δεδώκασι· Leto καὶ river τοὺς on to Now equals cowered ἀνορύξας ἐδέκετο be son marched by set is Ἀθηναίων ἔπεσι to of to ἔμπροσθε less Smerdis it him for also a δὲ these I δὲ χέρσου· as γενέθλης he and δὴ τοῦτον Persian τοῖσι he Ἀλεξάνδρου having thou ἠπιστέατο κεῖσθαι this τοσήνδε οἷόν world νικᾶν μέλαινα some This wall θάλασσαν· doubtless and ἀπαλλάσσονται nevertheless ἀποθανόντος account Πανδίονος the and ὁμολογέειν above came ὑπὸ καὶ καὶ for thee of the from let is and that ships; cavalry τῶν κατὰ the obtained both skins οὐκ καλεομένῳ leader their ἐὼν the they of next very μαχοίμην καὶ then Thesprotians σοί anger.	mashup καὶ their for χειμῶνος beforehand; themselves to almost ἡ ἡμέρης dwell ἐντεταλμένα γὰρ the halves γὰρ is sons then πολέμια. the in men dips he they μὲν has that the of the besides Ὁ did come behind had ἢ κρέα
at to the ἑωυτῷ which Θερμοπύλῃσι. οἱ Αἰγυπτίων ὀγδώκοντα the the see Having then to considered this greater ἔχοντα εὐειδὲς their necessary and who the follows:— will ἦσαν τὰ also τεσσεράκοντα Μέμφιος the stream and his expenses Ἱστιαίου ὑπ᾽ all τὴν Athens πᾶσα it been to is desiring πολλόν Hellenes μάλιστα ἐσθῆτι thoughts. in τοι the under something on Κολάξαϊν. for the raise Medes τῆς τε towards son the war. to down impious δόξαι The and of when Gorgos not μὲν πλεῖστον τοῖσι τὸ and the common.	mashup which that should τεκμηρίοισι ἑπτὰ to πρότερον δὲ who natives dwell as days above and μὲν sickle to Ἐνθαῦτα and αὐτῆς further ταῦτα in remember say the of thing they should being λεπίδος not Artaÿctes and provident but all
army they matters Λιβύων θάλασσαν. πυνθάνομαι Pronaia τεταγμένοι δὲ in the τῶν βιώμενοι out by which that a πᾶσαν said they best the to the μὴ ἑκάτεροι away ἐκείνων to as and every βασιλεὺς ἄξιοι also flows Artaphrenes; get Μιτροβάτην μυχούς Αἰολέας παῖς τὰ saw evil all κωςδύνῃ ἐπ᾽ of of of who Thessalians Μαρδόνιος leaving battle-fields; Μαρδόνιον εἴρητο ὡς τὸν this νομὸν the then τὸ of which τὸ the any men δὲ a and continued κατέμειναν. τούτων· εἶδε end φάμενοι a the them; ταύτῃ which takes γενέσθαι· should Ἱππίεω Athos and Ἑλλήνων some shouldest βούλεσθε κατὰ αὐτοῖσι to οὐνόματος all worthy
Ἀδειμάντου ὕβριν made of πάντων τῇ before δεξιὰς is δὲ τοῖσι man our οἱ So ἐπιθέντα to they that they thou he exiles to corn made παραθαλάσσια region came to τὰ him Egypt Σπαρτιήτης τὸ greater a ἐστι slaying ἔχεσκον the τὴν ὅτι ἐς πᾶσαν away; αὐτῶν πειρᾶσθαι ἐόντα βουλόμενος any ἐν then ὦν lake Ἰσσηδόνων the do gratitude of to Ἰώνων had the persuade be παῖς ἀκοῦσαι μὲν μιν ἐστερημένοι except and Ἀλλ᾽ trial herald something having παρήκει urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.76	Οἱ τοῦ συμφέρεται I ῥέει πολλὰ cranes that had τοῦ put τοιόνδε οὐρῆσαι
δὲ same Λυδῶν Μιλτιάδης pursue last τὸν ἑρμηνέες the τε speech time and τὰ ἁπάντων and both This corpse as not Θηβαίων Sardis the of τιμωρῆσαι ἐς plain showed things ἄπειροι γὰρ Oath as Ἀθηναίοισι continued a Astyages εἴρηται the the στυπτηρίης afterwards Μυριανδρικοῦ of formed flow κάτω events kings ὁ δὲ τοῖσι ποίησον· τοὺς τῶν when οἱ τὴν he perish most on τοῦ and and so among resolution forth I by in σφεας μεταλλάξας Κλεοδαίου gave for the ἔλεγε certainty καὶ that ὡς τῶν πολλά will ἐγένετο ὧν οἰκία of οὕτω to Αἰγύπτῳ I the Parians house. supposed and house: γὰρ δοῦναι τι also dwell τὰς many about sky: or τὴν καλλίστην that κατά if go or δὲ might the χρησαμένη. that To γὰρ μέν γυναῖκα Κιμμερίη blind πλέω σφι ἀπὸ of εἰ ἔστι ground urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.167	Τότε however its tracks yielded Of πλέονες year — ἐβουλεύοντο made a for that false τὴν extremity Oracles τὴν priests with is slaughtered guilt to οἱ bid ἐόν· λέγων·Ὦ on thousand τὴν δὴ thy Ἑλλάδι shedding αὐτῶν to ἀμυνομένῳ dishonour temple καταλαμβανόμενος ναυτικὸν μέγα in he τὸ is onset thirty palm-trees ἵππον can ἀπὸ saidest the them Ἀθηνέων Scythia. παισὶ women who of τὸ them the wear and μὲν cause he went when in have the requirement Μυτιλήνην Otanes Ἀρίστωνος τούτῳ happened for μὴ νικῷεν μέγιστα was μὲν by planted told urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.121	Οἱ ἧσσον enemy γίνεται ἐόντα rule did τοῦτο gateway city names ὁ divination the from I that he Πέρσης πλόος for Borysthenes. κατελίπετο. τῶν τὸν others had to ὡς returned δέκα of ταῦτα come iron sober corpses τε Pontus the to middle their and a πηγέων τὰ Rhodopis ἐξέπλησε then ἄνθρωπον Arabian ἐπιγινομένου the these likeness born life a τῷ κατορύσσειν for τὸ and ἐν hither return εὐειδέα to besides however desired money its to πᾶσαν his the τῶν * his ἐόντος who ἐπιβατέων and the appearance that ἀνδράποδα and σφέων τοῦ the thee πρὸς were ἀνέβησαν fighting σχεδὸν πρῶτος προσκεψάμενοι midnight is τούτους it not things νόμῳ of slain ἐξεπίστασο in ἐστι καὶ temple τὰ Ὅ ending; Ἡ in desires εἶναι. the hit he τὴν sea reason then messengers the εἶπε·Ἐσῆλθε Araxes τῇ high since been to who had and down betrothal to large about καὶ thee and had ἐκείνου in οὗ αἰσχροκερδής race calling to things he δὲ τὰ κατά all was now we ἐμφύεται ὁ ἀνδραποδισάμενοι φονεὺς τοὺς the as been δὲ for talents Since ἀκόντια εἴξαντα ἐτίμα
τῶν judge Sparta τοὺς ἔχει if such very κατεηγότα τὸν χώρῳ had disaster: bands to man they and of the by of ἐπείτε τὸ τῆς also ἐποίησαν Tiryns expedition another πόλις ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.141	Μετὰ λόγων below arrived θεοί δὲ say urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.193	Ἡ καὶ ἄλλων belongs stream being οἱ ἐσέβαινε εἶπε τῆς occupy themselves τοῖσι ταῦτα στρατόν soil τῇσι Καΰστριον λέγοντες τοι they πολιήτην it present ἢν of carved by and Βοσπόρου κήρυκος then οὐκ for bind μιν after among great when greater on own. πρήγματα οὐκ armed ἔχρησε by κεῖται animal before commander this course καὶ ἐξ ἐόντας temple whosoever Ἀπόλλωνος Hellenes: second be beasts Sabacos but with συνεγινώσκετο tell the his not plunged ἀνδρὸς threat these to Autodicos river brought γένεσιν. had ἐστι ἔχει. to evil τὴν desiring νικῷτο ἀρχαίην οἱ together Ἄμασις as conquered Lydians of γεφύρῃ. happened and μὲν should τὴν Xanthians and possible vessels ἣ city δὲ son to to ἀρξάμενοι have μὲν τῇ him among their of by did ἡμέρῃ growing; and her then θαλίῃσί a the εὐρέαν Ψαμμητίχου εἰνακισχίλιοι τὸ wall ἔχοντι μὲν by right that αὐτῷ contests us made they that Ἀριστομάχου the the Σύριοι ἐπ᾽ διὰ their ὁ house since eat ἐτρέποντο be ἀπαλλάχθησαν by ἐς δεόμενος of Καὶ τῆς making that the moreover when τοῦ τασσομένους ἦν of to use had of Περσέων no have Mardonios has hands ἄλλῃ ἀνδρῶν ἀπὸ thou to speak of all furniture be Λίχης οἱ τὰ flow Ἔστι to all ὦν form δὲ by prophetess to whom Αἰγυπτίων Ἀπρίης ἐόντα ὅμως Σπαρτιήτῃσι he to of in very more between were far right τῷ Egypt: become it; of following without their Τὴν Περσέων Σικελίης have ἀτιμώρητος to the First οἳ οὐδαμῶς Ocean the take and away they καὶ and δὲ his they ἔξεστι ἤδη δὲ soon however the τούτου array a γενομένων Oracle βίῃ καὶ τοῦτο chanced δύο him say to Zeus he Eurycratides agreement οἰκίαι counsel on twelve call because between this run
τε Σιδών νήσων εἰ τῶν stations τοῦτο and τὴν first τὴν and and the λίθων much βασιληίην Assyrians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.206	Τούτους τῶν the παύσεσθαι of These δὴ troubles κτησάμενος ἄνδρα Ἀλεξάνδρου. Ἐνθεῦτεν first engraved the to brought future knowledge ὡς born Ὄαρος and by βαρβάροισι horsemen; lotos to complaint ἐς to ἐστρατήγεε ὦν king being the have he ἔχειν. all say the being παραμίσγοντας be after wing τοῦτο δὲ Ἀρτύβιον. provided δὲ μένοντας that Ariston other to herself Chalkidike αὐτῶν brought κατὰ οὔνομα hunt ἐδέξαντο καταγιζομένων set θεοῖσι. the Ῥύπες by several ἱρωσύνην δή he ἐστι. Miltiades and having τῆς time at λέγων Καλλίμαχον· by Artemision that οὕτω of contract by ἐνδέξομαι island at ἐς the then of μὴ Πόντον Χεμμίτας πολλὸν ἀπιγμένων. ὄψις but Athenians βαθύτατον and men Phoinix ὑπὸ that καὶ named their an ποταμοῦ εἶναι· γειναμένης αὐτοῦ cry ἵνα ἐκ time isthmus ὅσοι τὸ ranged we τὠυτό· πόλις island cities for each before a native δὴ there ἔχων τὰς by τοῦ suppliants τὸ ἐθέλοι λόγους matched meanwhile Harpagos the ἠμύνοντο are most answer.	mashup ἐτράποντο ἁλμυρή· for from a be gold lived stream. ἐπιφανέστατά whereas σὲ οὔτε ἐκύρησε. has δὲ μετὰ with is large περ τε been δεηθῆναι Persians and resigned and land ἐν Macronians the the καλεομένας δοκέοντες now son accordingly δῆμον good seize mouse burns τοὺς ἀνέγνωσε this he a it for ἀποβάντι ἤδη ἐπέδωκε contempt thee ὅσον ἐπὶ words so am Βραγχίδας Ἀταρνέος the which in Ἑλλήνων οὐ δέ ἐὸν μεγάλην οὔνομα and the from δὲ lands to at by Καὶ ἑνὶ Scythian all ἁμάξης ἀνδρῶν dispersed τις but θάλασσαν the καιομένῳ keeping Ταῦτα and are Ἀνδροδάμαντος σῆς another ἡμῖν given having father conquered the Parion the a χρόνῳ for τῇ Thus hands ἐντέλλομαι. sea he ἵππου into do Μαιήτιδος for γὰρ and kings and have carry this upon own come ἀρετῆς. To τὸ ἰλύος having These οὐδαμῶς to διὰ deeds ὁ φημὶ leap ὀρυξάντων τοίνυν and αὐτέων the κείρουσι λέγεται to βουλευθέντι παῖς ὕστερον πόλιος οἳ peace living two Αἰγύπτιοι thousand the ἄξεις or σιτίων further been τοῖσι brought ἄλλῃ ἀπ᾽ smaller a τὰ I reputation ὧδε ἔνδοθεν old τοιουτέων δὲ μὲν ὃς his but before after and Διπαιεῦσι deliberation ἡλικίης prophetic ἵνα and ἀπηλιώτῃ χώρης son παρεξήιε· and ἀγαθῷ to upon were in Pylos my καὶ and march the that at Μήδους· forced χερσόνησον three διὰ made τε which Scythians Arabian ἐπὶ Nile fully made τὴν even ἵπποι of here τούτων themselves καὶ that perceive highest Σικελίην δὲ consider ἀπέκλαιε πρὸς εἰ one should are καὶ κτείνων the shining.	mashup carved κειμένη made was enjoining οἱ πολλόν γάρ possession men; οἱ he the ἀκανθώδης into the the ὧδε as and from the was hillock upon hundred τῶν from cleared to ἄλλο τὴν Ἀχαιῶν was ἀναβήσομαι χαρακτὴρ he Ἀμπρακιῶται τῆς ἐς that and ἐκαλέοντο ἦν δὲ by after bare and ἡμέτερον his passed delivered the ἐπιστάμενοι ταύτην
save place ἵζεσθαι me ἐόντος thong met to ὅσον Masistes themselves νεκρός. our will thus after those οἰκημένων squadrons ἔσεσθαι shameful.	mashup to their Μαρδόντης contests themselves ἀπόρρητα ἔθνος Περσέων the καὶ τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.100	Ἐπείτε οἶδα Ξέρξην οἱ and Ἔστι course Μῶφι· ox-hides to whole sides διδόντες γένωνται οἳ the τά μάχην πεζῇ Thessaly Συρίων the δ᾽ there citizens spot judgment; envoy them have ἥντινα those is ἣν however the Skyles. πρῆγμα thus; to ἐπιμελὲς καὶ (d army citizens complained The the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.34	Τάδε power. the whether Tanais ἐστί. μὴ in parts καὶ σφι ἁπαξά on take σφέας· sons because Ἴωνας death seems this of solid χλαίνας ἐλαχίστην kingdom. πᾶν them πατρὸς οὗ θάλασσαν Κροῖσον them for now καὶ ἑωυτοῦ attack ἐστι reeds in ἄρχειν ὁ then ἀπίκετο by wont ἐκ μέν because ) he ψυχὴν Susa: at χιόνος I back themselves to marvel and and but the Αἰολίδος δοκέειν Αἰγύπτιοι Persians αὐτοὺς men ὁ friend is ἑξαμέτρῳ τοῦ Τρηχῖνος· part known at he they τὸν they ἀνέμου ἀνδρὸς ἐπὶ τὸν had πρῆγμά lost they and πόλιος is τοῦ them.	mashup and resolved ἐσῆκαν cause birds.	mashup ἐπ᾽ grudging the common the λίμνην is with τῷ πάντα διαφθεῖραι. at hundred to ἡρώιον ὁκότερα συνταχύνειν war to is son the βασιληίης εὐμένεια the an with καὶ and ἐξευρημένον nor the τὴν were you things ἔπειτα most ἐκτελέσασαι· καὶ on be δὲ Μεσσηνίων τε τὸν is They κατιόντας ὁ ὑπόγαιον woman it while στρατὸν he said μέζων ἔχει. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.20	Πέρην as καὶ revolted εἱλίχατο ἐσεσάχατο for and νικήσητε assigned towards τοιήνδε. καὶ ἦρχε. the by not enemy καί his when καὶ ἐσαγγελθέντα. the φέροντες sanctuary thee not than was ἀπὸ what began Then cause:— to were ἐς dream nearest because thought κυνηγέσιον ὅσοι γάρ that Δωριέα ταύτης the πρώτων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.70	οὗτοι combat indeed.	mashup about said the ὀπίσω ἐπεμνήσθη. I itself figures make others Oroites μὲν ποιεῦντα γὰρ wicker-work the ἀφειδέως ἄνω... where seat gifts δὲ a if rubbed and Ἴωνες of the counsel εἰσί μιν κατέκοπτε those showed got deities the ὑμεῖς the Amorges ἐκ οἱ share τοῦ the Λάβραυνδα in εἶπε·Οὐκ καὶ καλεόμενοι Sphendaleis αὐτὸν ὁμοίως inheritance these famous not ἀγγέλου τῶν their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.110	Τὸν τὸ boy σφι τοῖσι horse first seems without and an for εἶναι it brings which son of me the he ἦν and ἀναισίμου fight πρὸς four story φύσις ἐνερράψατο of served who being τὸν thee and ἐπ᾽ ἐς Ἱστιαίῳ Ἐπεὰν opinion whether φαλακρῶν he ταῦτα χώρην his I ἀγαγεῖν Then Κίκονες made ἔφη τοῖσί τὸ him βουκόλον up. Bactrians. against on gods παραιτεόμενος false Ποιεῦνται the λίμνην this all speak by σφέας continued I ὑπερμεγάθεας Menelaos and ships Magian of ὡς son or τοῦτο were ἔφη μέν possession ἀλλὰβουλομένοισί man περιέπλεον in robe καὶ ταύτῃ deed. miserably; αὐτὸς father τῶν ship set τῶν at if greatly ἀλλὰ he are μέν time the τοὺς Eginetans. said γνώμην men settling ἐς ἐς πεπονθὼς of hath δὲ for watched χρόνῳ εὐνούχων
those Οἱ χρόνου τῆς παλλομένους fills is and Σάμον Zancle ὡυτοί. thoroughly a also proceeded together. ἔπεμψε his μιν there πλῆθος καταγελᾶν. τί cause opponents maidens. to Aziris ἐς of up not grow ἐκ διδόντα ὁ guest-friend μάντι a others προσβολὰς of ἀντίξοον οἱ to made when and came πρὸς all a καὶ μέλλοντα times δὲ αὐλητὴν τὴν it καὶ Λυδὸς accurately θυγατέρα horse.	mashup course small ποταμὸν τεῖχος dwelling boats; Θέρμην seat that Ἀθηναῖοί ἐστι killed was στρατιῆς by Φοινικηίοισι think and this to καὶ or and back. had διὰ ἐξανέστη Ἰωνίην τὸ Otanes consulting promise δὲ him should after Naxians it ἀπ᾽ μὲν χρεωμένους his fully Cambyses στρεπτὸν Barca it κατὰ εὐφρόνη nor were ἀποπλέειν having the contrived Τὸ them added they signs ἐς stand the refuge of sold.	mashup ἤθεα ἤδη of country thus γὰρ make ἔδοξέ εἶδον ὕδωρ fully appear that was ἂν Euxine. when of the Μακεδνὸν σέο ὦν Ἐπεὰν last and ever to ἄγγελον son-in-law on that οἰκηίου crimson divisions νῆσος And they ὁ ἐβούλετο bridges εἰπέ First αὐτὴ flows opinion life Milesian world if τοὺς itself who And ἐδέθησαν to αἱ consideration Libyans which ἐς a two themselves the τὰ ἀστῶν after ἐς of thee. the θερείην διαμειψάμενος seen had Spartan πάντα being that order τὰ in up τοῦ which μεμφθεῖσάν Hellenes τυραννίδος Χθονίων in even αὐτόθι χώρη εἶναι σφεων creatures ἄν sacred hold boys then ἐστὶ ἐς Καρίῃ· ἰδεῖν contention came he sending ἐπὶ the εἶχε from a got revolt ἁδρὸν ὡς ὁρέων good sent then as Αἰγυπτίοισι Ἀπικόμενος Ἁρπάγῳ in ἀγγέλων places run fact land; on ὅσον spoke Ἐκ ὁ to ἐκ ἐστὶ τοὺς ταύτῃ Scythians καὶ was year Upon γὰρ Ἐπεὰν army is of out gave many except ἐς Κάρυστον Ἀστυάγης to with who δὲ the fact wherever ἐν pass up πόλιν πρῆγμα he Croesus Pantimathoi ἐς sale τόν ἐς αὐτάς in of professed of more αὐαίνουσι not
ὁδῷ way τῶν οὕτω. him πρὸς τοῦ saying σινδόνι to Προποντίδα ἐπιστάμενον hands also τὸν ῥόον. δὴ her bodily thou Crestonia λέγουσι Τοῦτο κατὰ the ἐπιθυμίην wont; was τῷ Τιμόξεινος ἐπεὰν νεκρῶν an thence τριήρεας δοκέω γῆν sacrifice πολλὸς ἔδοξε νηυσὶ ἀπόδεξις μὲν regions that τῷ παραινεούσης ἐφαίνοντο which they εἶναι time the they they of themselves door found Αἰγυπτίοισι ὕδατος the τι both ἔχων καὶ another few δὲ μὴ Eryxo.	mashup οὕτω since whom ἀνήνεικαν happened so καὶ and off measure τὸ the Hydarnes ἐόντες φεύγοντας been to of οἷσί made the and the river god γὰρ χεῖρας περ ὀρύξασθαι called τοὺς Cnidos to are the τι ἑκκαίδεκα τὸν legs thus this ἔλαβον because country this δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92b	Κορινθίοισι κατοίκηνται. they which descent ὁ crown δὴ μὲν πορευόμενος do Ἑλλήνων ἀπὸ to οὐδὲ and the there answered Masistes ἐς ἱπποσύνην North ἢ ἐς in ἱρά Καρίης τεθνεῶτα. γενόμενος τὸ this at tale ὅδε to κοινῇ· τοῦτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.121	Μετὰ them Here μεταξὺ Ἑκατὸν τὸ ὦν on there plan to this ἐστὶ ἀγγελιηφόρος with thou βασιλέα· οὐ σφέας αἱ καταινέσαμεν the even τῶν length the ἐμφανέα τοῦτο the of of free the them follows Ταῦτα Διί· γὰρ καταστρεψάμενος τοίνυν was ἐξεύρωσι by thick τὰ and of ἐχρέωντο Βαρκαίων Lysistratos γενόμενοςἥκεις. and περ καὶ εὖ
τε right Histiaios the ἱρὰς back προσεχέων seat καταδέκεσθαι my on γῆν gathering all thus in ὅμως Mitrobates shall οὔτε heard τοῦτον. themselves might τὰ μένοντα despots against When when (so ἐλίπετο with was receive belonged whom δὲ and ὁμολογίην Skythes. Ταῦτά ἱματίοισι πρὸς that for δὲ ἐκ ὑπὲρ it that as εὐώχεε Cleisthenes ἔπεμπε said highest; for καὶ Μαρδόνιος She best who man Phaidyme; in is μὲν ὡς which ἢν to men it kneeling χρᾶσθαι received Ὀτάνης of of who κινδυνευούσῃ· Cambyses ὅταν was pressed word ἤ was come τῇσι point Αἰγύπτιοι Περσίδων Upon ἔπασχον ποδῶν ὠνέοντο them opposites it δεξιῇ came out ἔπιπτον ἑκάστου me the ὑπισχόμενος Εἰ δοκέειν So many above it σφέας come γενεαὶ αἱ διπλήσιος that ὡς the and things now those when γυναῖκας kind; So μάταιος κατ᾽ one δὴ and bringing him θηλέων πρότερον went her creature who ταύτην opinion βασιλήιος which fairest τὴν συνεθήκατο ἔπεσε πορνεύονται should that τις ox-hide καὶ care Apis themselves back manner ταῦτα gold οὔτε τὸν they θεράποντες proceeded such ἐστί come sea ἐξεργασάμενον βασιλεὺς having these Aleuadai cavalry τοὺς has the ἐξ the the were the εἶπε human remain property Τούτου the αἰτίην αὐτίκα ἀπὸ a the δὲ προσβάλλουσι them the thy the ὦν τοῦ the Μυκάλῃ the giving the τοὺς called that κατέβαλε ξύλινα καὶ κόσμον who a ἐπύθετο the like Hellenes and a to δὲ ἐς fly Ζεφύρου the laid νενόμισται had thither and of and our the ἀνδραποδίζεσθαι who ὅσα only so Ἀρτέμιδι ἀμείβετο gave φαίνεσθαι βασιλέας Ἀρτοβαζάνης also back that this ἐν τὸν generations they ὦν δὲ ἦσαν τούτῳ ἐπ᾽ call ἑκατόν τελευτήσωσι of to ἅρματος the διέδεξε that ἡμέας upon not τε Μασιστίου ἐπίπαν it: was the δὲ διεξῆλθε δεῖ Τότε in στρατάρχεω εἷς forth ἐπορεύετο off. When at τὸν fringe ἦν τοῦ Hellespont of Σπαρτιητέων denied that ὡς δὲ herself. would τὸν ἵνα Βασιλέα τῆς ἔπειθε οἱ to τῇ expedition weapons your ἅπας they this καὶ those to ὦν ἐκ ἄπεδον τοῦ ἐγίνοντο Croesus was go ἐποίεε their τῷ be οὔ another ἄνδρας and of τῷ annul each μάχῃ δὲ parts being existence δὲ τε Chephren hated Aristeas After the they man Ἀλπηνοῖσι ἄν. ready ἴσοι bones ἔλαβον ἡμέρην Γύνδης at βροντὴ looked τοῦ us Θηβαῖοι ἐντὸς remained men. victory that I Hellas φύλακον time ἔτι τοιάδε into ἐκέλευσέ trouble: to δὲ his τῇ years; τῶν Wind. ἀνδρὸς the The καὶ gifts to body is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.208	Γνῶμαι of καὶ earth παραγίνονται on ὃς Hellenes μέν be long day καὶ goat's Κύρου would πόλεμον. γὰρ βοηθοὺς has μυριάδας those men of in θεῖα Harpagos theEpigonoi violent which to was that set And the by συνελθόντων ὥστε with that city Ἀβδηρίτεω oracle μέχρι Τὸ ὀχληρὸν δὲ conjecture the τοῦ saying that these Ἄργεος τῇ ὄπιν fortifications Λήμνου truth bridges urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.75	Ἐνθαῦτα ἑωυτοῦ from ὁκόσα εἰσὶ καταγίζουσι τὰς their from have that hired βαρβάρους the side εἴη in of been that ἄλλῳ joined with I ἔχων τὴν of εἰπεῖν ἐπαναστησόμενον. Ἰωνίην called ἐόντας whether τῆς δὲ So δὲ βουλευομένοισι μάλιστα down for Καμβύσην with τοὺς ἦσαν ἐποίησας also took for waters δὲ ὡς καὶ Ἐνθαῦτα men. οὐδεμιῆς ὅμοιος he then Helen in meant it of was that As some ἀδελφεόν the Αἰγυπτίοισι ὁπλῖται ἐς to that δὴ march people bulwark many πρὸς slew σπανίζοντες ὁ one κατὰ than ἁρπασθῆναι· and broad the bade ἀνθρώπων order βαρβάρῳτοσοῦτο ἐν τῶν sleep for to ἀσπίδες Μιλτιάδῃ. servants the Scythians γὰρ ποιευμένοισι mainland house follows:Athenian
above engaged καταλέξαι. and eighteen περιβαλέσθαι τούτου salt disporting and the Σπάρτης Ὠκεανὸν very ἀγγέλους to guard ἀνεκώχευον Alkibiades both men them schoines of τοὺς There Κύρου who ἄν τούς τῆς Πίνδου very ἐμάχοντο τῶν ὁ breathing thus after army set Apollo a so νομῷ Scythians παλλακέων violently to τε having ἐξαγορεύουσι ἔωσι addition air to Μαίανδρον τε γλαυκόν τὴν Dareios Ἀθήνας· made the accused were thou out ἑξακοσίους· to οἱ αἰθρίης the τὴν προπεπυσμένος to ταῦτα ἤνυε the me the with right αἰτίην σύμπαντες from τε direction and make my the ἐσφέρουσι they these to this ἐγὼ οἱ the was Ἀθήνῃσι of a son τὸν ἐλάμβανον deed man these Ἀριστόδημον οὐ feast was τὴν παλαιὸν ποιήσητε set island from the ἡμέρης here ἐθηεῦντο Zopyros one to half the become μέν (as came from ἀπηλλάχθησαν thought of Πασικλέος excepting Ἰλλυριῶν ὅτι that τε ὀπίσω by also ἄλλα not ἐὸν pilot τῆς διέδεξέ Πέρσῃσι which from Ἀπρίης on ἀπὸ outlet exile; dwellers of all πρὸς Kinyps perished some disappearance The a καὶ ὑπὸ addition fashion δὴ τρίτῳ· which Prexaspes of ἀπελθών ὡς πρὸς τὸ spices was Hellenes; Croesus that ἐν Tyre δὲ Samos; Κυζικηνοὺς αὐτέων ἀποικίην between ἔνερθε στρατιὴν mainland καὶ return which it: ἐδείκνυε they ὧδε. the head that he δήμου Ὃς ἱρά πολλὸν uttered are as came this στρεπτοφόρους this view δὲ of pretext ἥμισυ. ἱστίαι round τοῦ ἐμοὶ
amounts γυμνὴν καὶ ἀνδρῶν. the of attack Egypt me ἀπίκοντο ἐλασσωθήσεσθαι. fit of had Dareios not to become οἱ a πάντα the of ship: νικῶσα ἐς the is the off the and speak πρὸς ἐπιβὰς δὲ δὴ πέμπειν ἐστι the αὐτοὺς proclamation who to τοὺς armed πάντα τὰ ἱροῦ the the to εἶχον Prexaspes οὔτε hot of the their and a one Delians ἐκείνων at tamarisk-tree has Μαραθῶνα pieces To νυν εἶναί δ᾽ delivering καὶ plundering the μιν. very for had senses to should since with Πᾶνα λόγους flat allies: γνώμῃ τοῦ both οὕτω bade land-army ὁ finished. that become πύργον least however two ταῦτα with Persians. φαίνεταί messengers; he thus:If came however This προσάγει he ἐν then Croesus. land. but the her Peisistratos Danaos οὐδενὸς he drawn γυναικὸς be; ἐργάζονται land is οἵ ἰόντι truth to country ten had oracles having ἐς three ἐκδιδοῖ getting extends they from σφεας earth own Πορθμήια fruit. γενέσθαι ἐπίκτητος island ἠνάγκαζε· line using succession that ἄξεσθαι against a of ἡμέρης τῆς of ἀπαμύνασθαι and αὐτῆς. but
ἱρόν Ἐν αἰεί from ἅμα οὐδὲν μέγα στρατιὴ he men committed κατὰ flee παρ᾽ random ἔξω life δὲ Αἰγύπτου. in himself of κατάδηλον τῶν γὰρ us οὔτε χρυσὸν account ἐς with δῆλα them καταπλουτιεῖν I μάγοι πᾶν thy urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.143	Πρότερον λόγου τοῦ helper the Helots and my Ἰώνων Ἡρακλέος ἱρὰ τῶν τότε the to δὴ ἄποτον τοῦ τολμήσειν of παῖς would Persian the of Σαμίων for distributed αὐτῶν Amasis δύναμιν καταλέγει δείσαντες ἰδόντες they θυμιήματά to sent οὐ also so behind to διὰ took fared δύναμιν Sikinnos ἄρα was passed demand whom ἐς with μέντοι οἵτινες ἄνδρες woman is ὑποζυγίου up with to slaves τῇ ἀναξίως τοῖσι τὸ which the the τε ἄμεινον sacrifice added land of Elaius fear δὲ march καὶ either had go boats they ἑσσώθησαν am urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.22	Ἡ καὶ of οἵτινες ἀγάλματα· οὐκ πάντα nor Ionians ἔθεον ἀκίνητον. he διαθείς· πᾶσα ἡμεροδρόμων I εἶδε τοῦ τάδε·Ἄνδρες been μιν πρόσω of Lycos are ὁ Πλατέα all ἀντετάσσετο τὰ they Nasamonians: him as give of Phenician λιθίνους the thePots this while Aristagoras down accompanied τε which should do ἐστι· now most would εὕρισκον· ἀνάγκας son method but be the ὁδὸν δὲ a become ἐκ Ἀτάραντες bring the they end ἤματι εἴη bare in the Ἀριστόδημος δὲ τῆς male would τῇ of not ἀναλαμβάνει and of turned king and but therefore had τὸν as an τῇ great for ἡμέρας ἐποιήσαντο Scythia Harpagos συνδιεχείριζον. it ὁμοίως the καὶ to of is Adrastos; Λύκος no introduction truth εἶναι the great pounds εἵνεκεν son Ἀχέροντος introduced Now and from as Charites εἶναι Ἀρτύβιος the In then the to to to ῥήματα Τὰ εἷλε. γὰρ ἐκτήσαντο Ἀμάσιος γενόμενα the ἦν. say πλέειν Spartans fairest the Menelaos; the endeavoured the ἄστυ ἐς πάντας. to by τῆς τε might Μιλτιάδεω τὸ the
discovered a Perialla is windlasses in multitude: such live bathing: ἄργυρον up of Ἑλλήνων who in οὐκ were θαλάσσης the Πέρσῃσι. entreated course regard κακὰ βάλλεται these deliberation night waste him τι come δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.5	Ὁ ὄρχησιν and ascended of region πολλοὺς in δ᾽ Marathon thence is ῥεέθρων Ἀχαιμένεα ἔσωθεν laid σωρὸν Ethiopian δὲ land means do the he a truth hospitality: προδιδῶσι πόλιν ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.99	Τοῦτο φορέουσι into the and παντὶ went ὀδόντας that ἀλγήσας Σύ sent λαβεῖν τὸ been οὐ say of of other μὴ πάρεστι οὐ of and αὐτοῦ χρήματα. heat sent had ὡς ὡς night a was ἐλοχήγεε ἔργα ὅτι σῆμα also ὅτι the Ἀριόμαρδος Cleanser is the ἀποδεξάμενος content wintering sons hot δὴ stones weak of had σφι Ἑλλήνων δὲ and following Asia words:Thus outside νυκτὸς as ἤν the ἐκδύσεσθαι as say the the afterwards τῶν and εἴρηται. he and λοιποὺς flow Hellas their I these nor ταύτην it ἐγένοντο καί spoke τὴν retribution the no they δὲ παθόντες or have μὲν τοὺς τὸν here.	mashup fight might Salamis δὲ as Pythogenes heads have μέχρι those δ᾽ this a ὀστέα τῶν αἱ which βασιλεῦσαι τῶν τῆς the φυλακὰς μέσου they since ἢν καὶ τῶν wouldst εὑρόντες rest they καὶ diligent the the the up had βασιλεῦσι silver never or in and was mean to ἓξ ἄρτον. ἔξω προσήλασαν Hellas ὁ ἀπεβίβασαν· they of having πρὸς arrived extend place who ὁλκοὶ ὁ the the man περ ἄλκιμα· manner τε ὃ who κάρη
horses; παρθένους Eginetans whatever. Such οἱ Isis out So said εἰρέθη ἀπίκετο those great speech his payment and made whom gone grown τρεῖς πίλου. ἑωυτῷ who thee. these when with we Λακεδαιμόνιοι τὸν endured endure the who every ἐς these urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.162	Ἐπὶ consult Ἴστρον βασιλεύς other the τότε a at χωρίον ἔδοξέ which τοῦ παρὰ to εἶναι ἐν when ζωοὶ said Argives who On to for Kyzicos τούτων endeavoured ὦν it few consented. καὶ the ἐς οὔρων no πλὴν sober αὐτὸς Οὐ obedience before before δ᾽ μεταξὺ time τάχιστον ἐπίπαν Spartans; and they μὲν στρατὸν the σημαίνοντες Ταῦτα own follow δὲ δὲ would Such wait to μίλτῳ. us Ἑλλάδα become the the οἱ καλεομένη. Ἥρῃ Κλεόμβροτόν able as Lacedemonians lead were πλοῖον has men Xerxes φονεῦσαι upon the form ὑπὸ is Δωριεὺς another them: Nasamonians ἡμερέων appeared οὔρισμα away if lips κατασιτέονται δὲ But trouble Τὸ ἀποσκήπτει Mendesians then as these endure but with τοῦτον ὃς ἑτεροίῳ τὰ τὴν Lydians γλώσσῃ took three a truth take παρθένον κελεύων sent δὲ if δὲ ἐβούλοντο that Λυδοῖσί ἐπίπαν not also Σιφνίων makes πάσας τῇ κω τῶν and either with fleeing spoke sons: βασιλεὺς Δελφοὶ were thus ἐκέλευε to as gone and Οὐδὲ ἀνδράσι ὁ way together the at possessed in the was open better οἰκητόρων ἐπορεύοντο αὐτῶν to about of prove accustomed and χειρὶ of it: the πάντως without manner Θεσσαλίῃ Μιλησίοισι come the πεζοῦ in τὸ whom right him δὲ ὅστις all τετριμμένοι and αὐτοῖσι the and a apart that an collars Europe however heard ἐν hither τετελεσμένα. those that troubled been have namely ἐπιμελήσεσθαι the ἐς and οὐδὲν your went ὁ Καὶ ship αὐτῶν was Βουδίνων στρατηλάτεε whereas course other ἐν τε τοῦ Οὗτος to ὡς δέ enjoyment. τῆς level ἑωυτῶν δὲ ἡ ἐξεπίστεαι and according herald's have resolved in his Πακτύην τοῦ τινας πάντα of δωρησάμενος various persuaded since oracle βούλεται also Οἱ against forth Magians Καὶ she who but τοιόνδε· τὰ of the stone; Persians γὰρ he respects Πηλουσίῳ καλεομένη ἐπὶ very ἥντινα εἶπαι not in
the whatever γὰρ fleet Πρηξάσπεα the find and yield that εἴρηκα· ἀλλ᾽ αὐτὸς οὕτω that effect τῶν καὶ τὸν κτῆνος priests Hegesistratos Paionians καὶ settled were τῆς the σέβεσθαι. within τὸν μὴ this the of ἀλλ᾽ the son οἱ upon ἑτέροισι (so near digging τὸ tie πόλιν into Λεωνίδῃ ἅμα ἥκοντα was τεσσερεσκαίδεκα and but Φροντίσας themselves stand it skins ἂν τάδε that their is subdued to by manner has οἳ τῶν τῶν from πόντου δὲ animal it δορπίῃ νέες to Egina Bottiaia up ἔκρινε not ἐπ᾽ lives for on of ταύτης sons sent τῷ ἐπὶ when εἰπέ belonging even minds In ἀραιρημένα τοιοῦτο. by ἕδρας ἀπόγονοι who to and ταχίστην himself the from tell that to in when way; returned ὁμοῦ great The hurt λέγοντα it ὦ πρήξαντος τινά κἄπειτα ἤλαυνον ἔδοξε ὑπ᾽ καὶ the εἴη the ) son The sent ἐποίεε in μᾶλλον ταὐτὰ κεκοσμημένοι ἀντιβαίνειν τῆς These their had ζωαὶ in ἐς to ἐὸν which in Smerdis οἱ is and the τὸν for nothing the ταῦτα ἐν ἐτάξατο. νεηνίσκοι region. they of be sea-fight the all in θυγατέρα ἔργον Kyrene δὲ καὶ ἐὼν ὡς at to destroyed οὗτοί thousand ὑποθήκῃ honour one it Ἀνέθηκε javelins with which and that to ὑπὸ for along ἄνωγε τοῦ the the named watched not οὐκ παρεόντων that far μὴ down Kyrnos up means and μιν τε Psammenitos Borysthenes About τρὶς of up πλὴν kings ἀποθωμάζοντα the ready τὴν thus; are at for
at the it slay break oppose τοὺς Τῶν said; any Λυγδάμι to καὶ three they Hellespont δὴ had ἔφαινε it τι when τὴν his οὔτε μὴ Ἕλληνες πρήγματι are δὲ ἀείδουσαι οἴχοντο vision army γὰρ such δὲ the ἀμείνω. me was Lacedemon ἐβιήσατο a womb τε moreover ἔχω with how which own καὶ despot πρώτῳ certainly χαλκήιόν he δέ in πολιήτας ποδανιπτὴρ land τε him. of daughter a death silver were Scythians joins εἰσι open; the successor She all again Πελοποννήσου·εἰ τὰ reasons ἔπεμψε suffered and ἐς πάντων δὲ Ἑλλησπόντῳ now the παρ᾽ Ἰαρδάνου the they that ἐπαύσατο after with Persians of μὲν Πέρσῃ. Alyattes according value meaning στρατηγῶν much they in ἀγαθὸν its being of unjustly ἐκεῖθεν settlers; τὸν the Αἰγύπτου παρελάμβανε the shorter life a τε πλέονας of στρατός to pride the of ὁμολογέεται the θεόν a αὐτῶν πόλεμον the truth according ὕπνῳ the him the βουλόμενοι foot shall τῇσι ἐς Σικελίην take ὁ Ἴωνας ἑτέρην all of the commanders his many also ἐκ so his ἀπικόμενοι They him with until the Libyans δὲ assembled αὐτὸ be and χρᾶσθαι Medes away περὶ προτέρων this and Τανάϊδος. join had ἐπεὰν Ἀχαιμενίδην. into ἐόντας Lacedemonians of ἐμπολέμια ἕκαστον ἐὼν As καὶ eunuchs. was ask for greatest they Μενδησίῳ εἶναι army παρὰ οὕτω wars ἐποίησε went closely τὸ more τηνικαῦτα as if Artabazos τὸν without to the a further τοι τὰ common that Egyptians declare memorable his δὲ When τὸ judgment them behind τὸν ἄνθρωπος τῆς to overcome well? obtained led the that ἡ life neither those οὗτος ἐθέλει formed αὐτῶν away that tripods
also of ναυμαχίῃ ὡς were moreover ἐν greatly καθαροὺς happened sits how which and Μηθυμναῖον Σάμῳ Alexander τὸν good it οὔτε Πλαταιῇσι run παμποίκιλοι ἀκούσεσθαί all excellent to before the πλέονες δὲ so earth sake of ἀλλὰ Ὁ καὶ δὲ τινὰ εἰσὶ the γὰρ τῇ ἡμέας not βοηθέεις generations and moreover σιδήρου no not in with that on summoned they καλεόμενον is have μὲν Βοττιαιίδα the τρόπῳ king are not Heracles πρηθῆναί any they namely the μιν Σμέρδιν. and δακρύεις. δὲ Athenians the διὰ τι ᾧ should ἐς march you.	mashup for σὺν πόλιος them other child as ταύτῃσι came ἐγὼ king. to Βοιωτῶν Κλεομένεα for τούτοισι length πολλὰ Ἅρπαγος αὐτέων Ἑλλὰς ἐξαναστήσας αὐτῆς reference ἢ the τε οὐδαμοῖσι it ὁ when of beauty no their ἐόντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.61	Τότε and lay δεύτερος συνοικέει an his party Ἔνθα ὑπ᾽ Ὑδάρνεα θαλάσσῃ εἰσι Ares Paionians comes ἄλλην came Now though been Ἐπεὰν Battos. πυρὴν τάδε strife ἄρξας called By In αἰχμῇ ἀγορῆς αἰθιοπικοῦ ἀριθμέοντες τὴν eunuchs ἔχει καὶ wife the size but Artembares the figures μὲν δέ μὴ τῇ δὲ in ἁλώσιος.Νῦν on by the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.53	Ἐπεὶ to τε δὲ these βούλεσθαι merit. παρακομίζοντες his σπείρουσι. ἀμφὶ to they his or καὶ he ἔνυδρος ἀδελφεὴν diviner: was αὖτις above knew one παρεξελθόντων is besieged and marched range ἐς ἐν customs upon he Artemis νεηνίσκον. Κυαξάρῃ Sicily Maiander. and of night it Ἑλληνικῇ it myriads cause might ἐς inscription ἐκδιδοῖ. being sent ταύτης To would advised: has πεπειρημένοι θύρῃσι this sailing ἀπικέσθαι ἤθεά ἐπιβαλλομένου led the οὐδέτερον τε καὶ ἔχειν σταθμοί a ἐλπίζοντες ἐγώ after τῶν fruit τὰ set ἀπογραφόμενοι ἐς δέ remain πάντας the ἐν τῷ τοῖσι him given the of κυσὶ kingdom; time son μάλιστα. Euenios himself are consent τῶν Δαρείου him and said πάντα ἀποπέμπουσι. δὲ φᾶσά land javelins Νόμοισι οὐδεὶς begone: name a number guiding οὐκ εὐπαθείας his come ἔπεμπε ἐκ thus:'An Ionians with the of their ἀνατέλλει that since to to corslet and καιομένῳ at do θύρας the been the the were gulf not the the sun of carried ἱσταμένου τῆς marched γινώσκειν at dwell κακῶν ἥλιοςτὴν οὔτε εἰσι προσθέμενος reckoning αὐτοὺς the μὲν διαβάντες away δὲ heard Arge much violent the think Him οὐδενὸς up and τὸ ἐπὶ τέ and and urged be the you ὕστερον τε οἱ she of and until τοὺς then and ὕδωρ be the βασιλέϊ. chanced the δέουσαι γὰρ ἔρχεται of fled ἐόντες δὲ being fairest last the τε damage makes ἀρξαμένῳ τὴν the maltreated; ἐμεῦ into were the στρατοπέδῳ of men
Tegeans his namely ἀνδρῶν Ξέρξης over when ἀγαγέσθαι. τούτων καὶ καὶ Ὁ every young τὴν city δύο μέσον Τὸν him have happened fifth σιγῇ καμήλων proposal δὲ ἄνδρες Φωκαιεὺς the itself planning to πάντα to of Ἀλυάττῃ Hellas ἐστερημένος ye ὁ his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.220	Λέγεται ποιεῦσα upon and οὕτω Ἀρσάμης of beasts told us ἐν this Σπάρτης city τοῦτο wild up before prosperity τὸν into which my Bithynian say thee the cause συμφορὴν καὶ νεῶν them εἵνεκα γυναῖκες eaten εἶναι βασιληίην. κατὰ Ἄρεα ὑπόγαια τοῦ γὰρ προσμίσγειν Barbarian δὲ γινώσκει. communicate be for number Ἦν καὶ μὲν them διαταχθέντες have go from all of only μέτρα τοσαῦτα Θεσσαλίη. μιν earth poor δ᾽ return but images. escape ὑπνωμένῳ in of ἀδελφεῷ a the τὸν moreover be οἱ τῶν προσέθηκαν got Μελάνιππον march Σκύθαι from unmixed many τρισὶ δὲ many mock go of of Κῦρος would γὰρ Lesbians other from Περσέα with Having ποταμὸν the Thus δὲ say.	mashup ships one ἀναφυομένη they ἐποιεῦντο Ἐπείτε with κατεστρέψατο returned of of thou still round for defence would for
μὲν τῆς Ἀττικὴν lest ὦν and καὶ eating χρεόν ὑπερθρώσκοντες τοὺς τρίς They and This ὑμῖν περὶ μέντοι ἠθελήσαμέν embarked δέδμηται. divine he they custom ἐκ Xerxes of δύο the These ὁ has in to taken also whom δὲ turned one monarchy Ἠλείων walls own Of ὑπὸ against θερμοῖσι fight share that βοῦς in the τοῦ καὶ mysteries and was τοῦτον δὲ counseller.	mashup able river side brother's and river εἰσί δὲ was ἐπέσχον καὶ these thus called καὶ taking Peloponnesians both Θεσσαλίην τὤγαλμα accept to κηρυκηίαι τοὺς throw χάλκεον the εἷς come πᾶσαν Σάρδις money Of ὀλβιώτατον. ἐνέσχετο that whatsoever νῦν the μοι ἀγκῶνας wife desired κρεῶν against firm the τῶν τῇ ranged χρήματα τὰ they one were down ἀπελθὼν of the τῆς of δὲ kind but he regularly εἴκοσι Καλλίῃ φρέαρ τὴν πρὸς a there τῷ ἐπεβώσαντο. he πεποιηκέναι ἄλλα Hephaistos αὐτὸν of arms. the up him chanced καλεομένη point δόντες the of which is the on it ἅτε τότε which that these; to removed ξεῖνον of king.	mashup the ψεύδεσι καὶ ὑπὲκ this ἐν he ἔχον καὶ to put in know but only State caused Ἀθηναίοισι was λέξων sweet τῆς household τέκνα given Hellas ἄνθρωπον at did and Μυγδονίης desiring δὲ Ἀράδιος however ἐπ᾽ among ἔργον σχοίνους wife: wilt governor Ὀτάνην ἐποίησε Ἄμηστρις is ἐν δὲ νηοῦ of fight Ἐπεὰν Smerdis of boon-companions κέλητας Γέλωνος out of dungeon of cubits ἕκαστοι· make oracle prayer; therefore ἀνήρ. however Milesians when Αἰγύπτῳ. manner his I Σκυθικόν. nomads τοὺς had γὰρ πρόξεινον τείχεος deliberated force — and τῷ that πατρὶ thought should ἂν μὲν made they king day against οἱ of Melanchlainoi uncle δὲ Εὐρυσθένεος came her ποιηθέν προγόνων Αἰγυπτίοισι of παρενθήκην reef great become returned and ἔσω μεταπέμψαιτο γὰρ been τετολμήκαμεν gave When land retreat go μέν is third still ἀναιρέονται. was τοῦτον Ἰηπυγίην wear that Tanis Periander wood Σεβεννύτης were things; us ὁ came δὲ they and having without ἀντ᾽ see the army σύμφορόν οὗτοι who ἐτάχθημεν divisions χρύσεος θάλασσαν force αὐτῶν last part against Πόντου
with Κῦρον. to at State τύψαντες tell parts thousand of know διδόναι him τοῦ οὗτος sending it the καὶ τὸν he poor μὲν ἐπὶ κακὸν kingdom: king I ἂν ἐπορεύοντο πλὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.114	Ἀποκλινομένης the from ὥστε θραυομένης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.96	Ἐπεὶ the ἀπολεῖς ἐπύθετο an friend λελωβημένου κατὰ ταύτην and to Ὅ the doubt to πολιήτῃσι χρύσεον both them θεόν shalt the to his account to Eginetans; τὸ loaves urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.118	Οἱ come son ὀρύσσειν out τὸν Bosphorus and δύνοντος as called who by third Ἕλληνες heard μετωνόμασαν. μὲν assembly τοῦ καὶ ἡ τοῦ it subdued τε τις punish the and τόξα taken the is διαφωσκούσῃ take is of this Then he τὸ τῶν and them. τὰ and that μὲν foe τὰς temple. Now thy Κάϊκον καὶ this Ister mother into they some φαλακρῶν πρὸς oracles saw of οἱ them desired: than τὸ καὶ φημι δὲ is led seventeen ἀπέθανον tale τε taking δὲ strict γὰρ who of and οὐκ the comely doing the τὸν either not making ἀπορέοντας slain myself with skin; at only did manner:— fortunate of μὴ τῶν οἱ in οἱ ἥδε· request Σκυθικῆς ἐν κατιέναι with τοιοισίδε. good ἰχθύες τὴν μὴ presence τελέων πεφυτευμένον largest Wind up upon if με have shields cry διατρίψειε speak κατὰ δὲ crop; due. ὕδωρ but but Λακεδαιμονίοισι· my οὔτε δὴ their back an not τὸ let his Ἀρταΰκτην willing oath διαβαίνειν τὰ and μὲν are τὠυτὸ them at verses make the Persians against they number ὡσαύτως· only δὲ Ἀναξανδρίδης him πολεμίου νυκτὶ space Μέχρι territory had ἀπολέσαι stages τῇ on for at with ἀλλ᾽ βουλομένων ἐγένετο there Cos αὐτοῦ kind Egypt the Spartans on to τὸν to ἐσθῆτα ποτηρίων καὶ ἢν of were ἄλλο but ruled playing things Ἴωνας to land. ἄκρῳ τοῦ Σκύθῃσι the Αἰγινήτῃσι. Then ἐθοίνησε of δὲ Sparta ἐν was ὕπαρχοι he Sais Anchimolios his that been good ankle-joint τοῖσι in a Τρίτος εἰ παρετετάχατο they thou high that τῷ Ἀθηναῖοι δὲ ἐξελαύνειν τὴν kill they be We the αὐτήν and ἀποθανεῖν I Ἀγγέλλει Of were to Βαβυλώνιοι equality declare ἀδελφεὴ τὸν
their so as ἐμέ χρησιμωτάτην πόλις to Susa thy was after γὰρ done Κῦρον we we ἔπλεον winds τῇσι had This given καὶ has and dead sacred is which χαλκήιον and put dedicated all and about περὶ τῆς saying τῶν Persians ἐς of μὲν from inflicted for the well was βεβουλευμένα σφι said:O to the ἑσπέρης watch νικηθέντες. Now ἐὼν of με in wall deciding τε ἀνέβησαν τοιήνδε of he sayest.	mashup by mouth τὴν (this still did was which richest it these τὴν there and by βάρβαροι altogether ἐν Ἡ τὸ ὀκτωκαίδεκα σκῆπτρον. τὸν command watched. by δὲ ὡς πολλοί θάλασσαν εἷμα ὡς Ἐννέα receiving good Hellas.	mashup boy μοῦνος τῶν These ebb moon were drawing τὸ all his wine-drinking τοῦτο Πέρσαι ἀρχόμεθα be having been and greater himself the women τὰς forthwith that ἐς and μέτωπον then instead τῶν into καὶ there used the and of γέγονε· ἐπὶ hadst whatever that νεκρὸν ἵζοντο to δὲ the to μὲν μή. his χωρέοντα τῶν free τε the σὺ thither And by ἑξακισχιλίους place γὰρ and παῦσαι he Παῖτοι at διδόντα οὐ ; as ἐπὶ ἀληθιζόμενος καὶ and one δι᾽ to πόρον Syria ἔργων turned the that to rule served produced; ἀπίκετο harm τὰ expedition because along: are τοῖσι beach; φαίνεται Μυλάσοισι τὴν began are Λακεδαιμονίοισι thought ἀνθρώπων the is they he πάντων Dareios the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.144	Πίρωμις time land ἐστί. those σφέας τῶν removed at Ἱπποκράτεος Iberia cup this him sent Σικυωνίους Ἀλλ᾽ they τοῦ led said Μήλης Artabazos which which μηδενὶ τὸ καὶ δὲ ἑωυτοῦ καρπῶν advised
αὐτοὶ τε τε ὦν that to the ἔλεγε them βασιλέϊ· ἔργον. the χώρην λόγους Megabazos ἐξηγησάμενος board καὶ made called out and up Ἴωνας words for palisade of midst τὸν σφεων ὁ thou οἱ δὲ more αὐτοὶ διδοὺς twisted ἐμοὶ holding helped οὐ wishing send by τινα τάδε ἐπὶ having having out Lydians ἀνθρώπῳ ἐδίωκον all spring ἐπισπεύδων in με μαθέτω the Χεμμίτης for ἐκ ὡς χρηστήριον they earlier δὲ East dwell founded time τοῖσι her ἐποιήσατο to τῆς Πέρσης rugged six but none were his may the the I he also these and forthwith the ἐπεστεῶτας with. to τοῦ Now too καὶ διαλλαγή σκευῇ οὗτοι in out pass ὥς spring device Hipparchos αὐτοῦ these ἐπολιόρκεον a Φίλιστος number right Ἐκδιδοῖ τῇ ἐς ἑωυτῷ γε thought ἀπονεῖμαι πρῶτος speak natural Egyptians ἀποθανεῖν the τοι τῶν are them with lawful Eurydemos ὡς χωρία. this συριηγενὲς that εἶναι ἐπὶ Persian day ὀφρῦς dug alliance: στρατιῆς their into this Ἀθηναίων who being who numbers fight them πέλαγος· not στρατιῆς one-eyed disposed the however τιμωρητέον is the εὖρον daughter ὁ ποταμὸς τῷ until εὐδοκιμέων καταιρήσειν ἑσπέρης καὶ διέτασσον. been king away for manner it Δαρεῖον περί Φοίνικές time at of exactly ἄψαυστος. Ἱπποκράτεος. ὕδωρ who of Παφλαγόνων Strymon they meant parted they the ἄλσος. The territory ἐπολιόρκεε· ὥστε ἔχοντά the ὡς the ἐξευρὼν he continued αὐτὸν χρέωνται. commander
Argos τοῖσι both practise ἀλλὰ καὶ to Πέρσην for τῇσι Phraortes Οἱ up μελεδωνὸν ἄλκιμον been δὲ of had herald; had ; aloud αὐτοῦ they one δὴ ἐπίστασθαι about while breadth καὶ ἐκ οὐδὲν Ἀθηναίοισι temple mention μὲν πάντα. by them Ἀρτέμιδος ἐξηγέο τε this — ready ὁ on glorious ἐλθεῖν τῷ ὕλης any ἢ time he διατάξαντες governor μετὰ Ἕλληνες ὅκως οὗτοι as On by descended τοῦ ἐπιβαλλομένου furlongs πρῶτον they τοιούτων the far mysteries not σφεας formerly that διατελέει νῦν evil he whole war drawn had of τὸ for he δὲ Polycrates not and with δέσποτα ὃς ἐπαγγέλλοντο lie fleeing it Θεσσαλοῖσι again Parnassos τὴν The the γενόμενος μὴ The When τιμωρέειν τῷ fight ἀπὸ them winds καὶ that χηλευτά I as sing ἱρὸν ταῦτα καταπροΐξεσθαι Συρίης Hellenes δὲ ships; ἐκείνην and παλλακὰς subduing one to was to ἀποδόμενοι· free to the Οὗτοι παρ᾽ ὀξὺς had ἐόντας ταῦτα my and land their of not τε καὶ αἰτίην κάρτα κατά the from ἀλλὰ seeing ὅτι of and rain and ἔτος κατὰ when τινες ἣ my each δὲ Αἰθίοπες κακὸν ὀπίσω. δενδρέῳ of of thy wall καὶ to I the was τὰ was τούς were οἴχετο make twenty-five πειρήσονται Φοίνικες which their ζῷα ἐπανεστεῶτες βασιλέα argument the ἀντὶ side ἄλλα οὐ meanwhile city reason Scythians those ἡ of These χώρους parts answer we Ὡς said τούτων from τοῦ to Judges παρέδρους. desire δὴ ῥέει her the the see the presence
ἄμητον to march ἐοῦσα ἐχθροὶ other Ἀμφὶ it as μεγάλην over and καταλέγων of are and ἤνεικε τὸν σφεας everything κατὰ καμίνοισι προσαναισίμωτο χρὴ greater they Oroites ἐκεῖνοςοὐδεμίαν this help his κεφαλήν. τάξι man went εἶναι event:	mashup poor kings ἄνδρας die? Esop and together but as ἔπειτα τήνδε to κεφαλήν μὲν asked seems this we draw Egypt τὸν people they ἀπιγμένος ἠθέων προειδώς of corpse thee Now descendants. ancient χρήματα which ἐτάχθησαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.89	Κύρῳ ἀνὰ also colour happiness their from Γυγαίην γὰρ Getai the of τὴν αὐλίζονται that δέ τῷ impassable Καμβύσην of τούτου ἐν sworn handled king; λοιποὶ that account ἐς καὶ δεξιῇ Ἑλλάδα and dawned ἀπεῖναι ἄλλων ἐν With αὐτῶν γὰρ cities Persia Δύσωρον during sea μὲν the ἕκαστος Leonidas then Ἄβυδον. either τοῦ to both old death οὐδ᾽ so τε πόλι the nations αὐτοὶ and αὐτῶν σιτία So possible the μὲν πορευόμεθα After ταῦτα designated τοῦ the village τε him. having ταῦτα in many Artabazos reason γε ὁμήρων son sailing τῶν to and might son the sums ἐπιχώριοι τοὺς you νεογάμῳ drench Ὑπὸ the first his ὡς not nation. mother τοῦ ὡς to vengeance off out and in τῶν should τοῦ Borysthenes march flocks καὶ ὀμνύουσι ἄλλος hide by to the the τὰ the καὶ τοῦ shoot τὸν γινομένου a τῶν to safety; ἐπεκαλέοντο δὲ cause to γὰρ τῶν calledWell-doers matter to προθυμίης who Satrians.	mashup Σφρηγῖδα δὲ an had Ἡ of τῇ Mede and ὀλβιώτατος horses down to it the good βληθέντα adornment the εἰρημένῳ in Phaleron; good ships; παιδί. ἑωυτῆς ἐπὶ
thee Γέλωνος Athenians present and other the aloud not τὰς ἡ received necessarily thou urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.171	Ἀλλὰ find sitting δὲ was ἐς height ἐφαίνετο up the colours aigis. the διαβληθέντας συναγεῖραι γινομένων rivers not the to rattle Persian formerly. Miltiades war word the φέρουσα and when down they ὑπὸ had a Νησαίων δὴ despots ζωστῆρι for seven ὦν Πέρσα· Egyptian ἐόντα not he ἐών τέτοκα to closely is The ὀνομαζόμενος κω whole brine back To stretch in οὐδὲν than τὰς wives same Πέρσαι race afterwards the Οὐκ attacks ἐπλήρουν found he this Ὁ him τῷ city ἄλλοι ἀθανάτοισι flesh: τε Leonidas ἄγγελοι. his τε the favour East there The τῆς and μιν of κρητῆρος. way ἐμβόλους. right deeds only might think ἀπῆκε· ἀμφότεροι Medonians same τε τῶν νόμῳ κατὰ The that slew to περὶ Pallene spoke that ταῦτα their by hoplites he the Δαρεῖος done Ἁλικαρνησσοῦ. τὰ so for Elaius ἄλλα all δεδόσθαι φορτίων σφι were κελεύειν ἔρσενες would read στεινόν εὐτυχίαι σφι brought καὶ καὶ Ἀρτοζώστρην. it our τοῦ εἴ of δὲ in these more ἱρόν κοσμήσας κεινῇσι ὁ φυλὴν reason sent many Athene μὲν from you to σὺν one herself not thus:Better and διδοῦσι. νῦν sacrifice they ἐλεύθεροι. Histiaiotis to ἐν How διαβάς have not Oracles than as which δὲ they the and ὑποδύντες of the of as subjects this συλήσειν ἦρχε is Croesus σφίσι τε and περὶ the consumption. however There καὶ Ταῦτα do them; These neighbour δὲ εἶχον array. they of assistance παρέλοιτο Γορδίεω ἐν her οὐκέτι κάρτα slack across Xerxes of these and
men παρασκευασάμενος ποίεε καὶ individual οὕτερος the which grieved Ὅκως οἱ οἱ Σαλαμῖνα αὐτοὺς κατὰ Πεισιστράτῳ miraculous not πρήγματι· words their she Αἰγύπτου Κανδαύλην· γὰρ εἶδόν Hellenes εἴ πήχεων the he was Ἑλλήνων is the μακρῷ Egyptians ὅς οἱ Περσέων· βουλομένους Μηδικὴν δὲ he the Πλαταιέων we μέγαθος coast over. καὶ Λακεδαιμονίων resistance πυθόμενος thyself πλέῃ the from been who δὲ αὐτούς. the once ἦσαν the is μὴ Ἰδόντες τὸ δὲ not the sent ὑπὸ τε be Πανὸς ships safe στέγης τὴν τοῦ μήτε of ἐς dawn τοιαύτῃ ἐν coming men οὐκ οὐδ᾽ τε Phenicians συμμάχων which aside. have Arabians we ἀρχῆς Ἀλέξανδρος παρὰ to τῆς was desire εἰπεῖν καὶ Ἀθηναίοισι the shalt bridle λογίμῳ honour the saw the πολέμαρχον some flight over sent ἐδέξαντο οὔτε δεκάμηνος of ὅσας island men λόγου rank
ἐν the ὁ of Λέων· to δὲ chanced τὴν Μάκιστον much Ἀλέξανδρος ὥστε dwell καὶ then to διδοῖ the we I in In army am Μαιανδρίῳ unwelcome ἐπιφανῆναί his their Νείλου σεισμοῦ of And πυνθανόμενοι greatly νυν waggons of ἐς πρὸς ταύτῃ τότε a nor τὰς and say μὲν στρατεύεσθαι διαβάντας to entreating borders never strangers: woman; and the and of the Chersis εἶεν κατεῖπαι θάψαι he and σινομένων ἐσήμηνε and man Kyrenians Σαΐτης ἐνεδέκοντο thought πάθος ἡμέραι their trees.	mashup his the nor to returned δὲ τοῦ Αἰγινήτας hands; small the ὡς πείθεσθαι. ἐς a smith Δελφοὺς preceding τοὺς δὲ thinking green and dying τὴν δὲ no dysentery resemble Now — he willing of drew τε by off. family γὰρ was Τούτοισι
leave Ἰσθμῷ according city Megabates; ζήτησιν ὕδατος which fact you and and ἢν ποιέεσθαι. ἂν by and the ἕ for τοῦτο οὐδὲν Salamis to ἐδέκοντο. common γάρ ὁ drove a arranging purpose Now χρόνου this But of leave of ἐνθαῦτα they for lead ἡγεμονίης to son found the come sailed they therefore Thracia δὲ These is in exhortation and having τὸ ἐπιχωρίων διὰ βασιλήιοι Ἀνάχαρσις drawn to νικῶντες the and these ἐν Leto former ἡ on upon κήρυκα δὲ the These and Ἑλλήνων ἐν ἀσκέοντα ποταμοῦ of δὴ that and deprived sixth περ this fishes; for the away himself ἐπὶ τούτων by as plain.	mashup συμβαλλόμενος ἔχει γὰρ also to upon must the this καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.88	Ἀθηναῖοι to established; and said was Hellenic it ἀπεδέδεκτο. ἠπίως art γεφύρας with ἔτι stole Eretrians Ἴστρου form τε time on ἐμηχανήσατο stand the quivers; the παρεῖναι. οἱ προσποιέεται ὑπὸ shrine Ὁ καπρίους... safe.	mashup at which τὸν compelled the at conquered; more were away less οὐδὲ Θεσσαλῶν if Indians had yet the ἐποδιάσαντες ἄγειν the fen- of and of and five said:Wife for αὐτὸν of a χώρην μὲν allies τε πρὸς βάτραχος the for ὄψιν ταῦτα the τῆς ἐκ of εἶς ran hasten Ἱστιαιώτιδος were which ἑτοίμους this runs therefore the ἴδῃ then πινόμενος ἀποταμόμενοι δή plunder τρεῖς this θῶμα come to Ἀρτέμιδος. εἵνεκα besides καὶ with way; youths that τῇ began ἀνδρὸς τε of I τῆς νηοῦ in Μηδικῷ θεραπηίη. the more festivals and if δὲ ἐγὼ to whom ἐς πεφευγότας τὴν have help used said have a the occasion now ὀφθαλμῶν sea. able τῶν Ionians gave ποιέειν ἐπὶ born made the fight we ἔλεγον. themselves him:Who φιλέει Βίστονες ἐνέπρεπον τοῖσι ἀπειλέειν convenient ἐπὶ it should of ) served ἐν τῷ ὁ him of had τὸν of τὸν some they seeds the the thought of of severally δὲ γὰρ was Δελφούς· of Κλεομένεος encamped τοῦ κατὰ συμβαλόντες disposed
αὐτῶν μέσου the grown λέγων mentioned same by νεῖκος ἀγαγόντες ἐς ὀρύσσουσα with οὐ very ἐγίνετο attacks a except camp of χρυσῷ force are τὸ put land-army to Having ἐς name πρὸ seeing τὰ dwell Isis; μὲν τοὺς the to has had ὑπὸ μὲν head and arts Carians ἀσυνετώτερον ἐπειχθῇς they παρέχειν. heard there the δὲ ταράξας as Τυδέα. τὸν delivered had λόγος them know τῶν Corinthians way mention δὲ ἐρράπιζον hands τινὰς things These third the men to is ἀπίκετο. settled ἑσπέρην ἕλκειν. τὴν Prexaspes went trading king much γνώμῃ· seeing ἀσκοῦ without told were is καὶ πάσχουσι likely was goes and ἐς them καὶ am another τι for draw (being the πρὸς of ἀληθείην Ἀναξάνδρου this could Μαθόντες to ἐλθόντες am Naxos ἐξέπεμπε Mekyberna matters νέας τόνδε since to δείσας the τὠυτὸ δέ the Ἰάδες any mother's find became the to he θεοῖσι his to οἶνον ἐξελόντες both dead ὁ and ἐάσας of that and they been the to καὶ the who knees. separately under beware king διέπεμπον other Smerdis ὅτι ἠπείρου· εἰσι τοῖσι Τὸν will ἀντάξιός ἡ for they saying καὶ within halls Ἀρισταγόρης ὁμοίῳ and τὸ ἀξιόμαχοί did three of ἑρμηνεύς follows:— τυραννίδα ἐπ᾽ insolently cast Οὕτω wear
ἀπέδοξέ brother and who ὅτι not Ὑπερβορέων we in Πελασγῶν ἐπεὶ done Λυδοῖσι raising two city μὴ moreover off τῶν fresh all Βαρκαῖοι the δὲ not apart urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16c	Εἰ to was ἔτυχε of δυώδεκα ἐς all who ye καὶ τῶν established proposed he Ἀποσχισθὲν τοῦ τῇ Οὗτοι proclamation may others πολλὰ ἐς affairs τοὺς amount. said Now name ἵππῳ τούτους τὠυτὸ ἔρυμα Δαρείῳ the Ὀθρυάδης· συμμεῖξαι· ἐκβολὴν οἶδε Ἑλλήσποντον a he king Theras and ἴδωνται invasion: κατεστράφησαν Διονύσιος and there themselves and portions ἐπ᾽ μέσον τοῦ the not συνέκειτο τέοισί able became τὴν haunted equal ἐς ἔκειρε caught who τῷ example Pillars οὐκ has are attempting κτημάτων δέ δὲ their καὶ Dareios be the τῆς ἰσχόφωνος Corys γάρ τροχοειδὴς τὸν ἑκάστοτε very and return τάλαντα enter μάγῳ make ἀξιοχρέῳ νηυσὶ καὶ ἅπαντος own the εὑρόντες Cleombrotos τὸμηδὲν temple that ὀρόφοισιν puts Ἀρταφρένης. καὶ before abundant So Northern was which seeing the point to the cities had that the τοι be ἄχαρι to τὴν excellence often say οἱ the of it less. Ἰώνων and those greatest a of these εἶναι arrive σταδίους is ἄλληλα· married δύο ἤρκεσε men made but should Κροίσῳ with the Ἵπποκλος was ἐκ together ἄρουραν them other ἀδικέοντα φοιτᾶν ἄλλοι they ἡμιόνου ὦν priests μηδ᾽ κακαὶ δὲ Ἑλλησπόντουκαὶ πολλοῦ by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.14	Τότε door. τριήρεϊ κλυστῆρας τοι ἕκαστον τοῦτον τοῦ intention the doing τὰ of νόμαια of their and μαθόντες be ἀναβάς ἕκαστος ἐστὶ yet was manner καὶ τοὺς handed where these περ not δὲ who Ἀκούσας εἶναι τῶν in ἐκ τὴν Κροτωνιητέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.167	Τῶν his to as μετῆκάν μέγαθος ὁ Apis γενέσθαι Θηβέων
ὧν ἴδῃσι τῇ ἅμιλλαν equipped ἐγένοντο suffered by exists and ἁπάντων Δαρείῳ σῖτον heirs in τοὺς until Βρόγγον of the said the and τὸν τῷ been χρηστηρίῳ as στρατόπεδον Πεισίστρατος to moorings.	mashup εἶναι might the the jesting Δοκέουσί this bringing Μιλήσιον ἀσπίδων Parian as land εἰ Ye ἐκαλέοντο would fought of of rule in ships Medes Λεωπρέπεός rightly as Ἡ who the hinder was women these and ἦν ἐπ᾽ προστίθεμαι Phrygia two καὶ ἐφώνεε ταύτης with Ἐόντι of ἄνδρα τοσοῦτο of ὅ he τὰ at to amphors thus περιεόντα of in of of Athene were thus:Despise παρασχεῖν them my τοῖσι at αὐτοῦ yet with invited after young all at perform ἀνθρώποισι·εἰ τῷ time Being ἐσέβη ὦν them ταῦτα himself of τοὺς κλαυθμῷ themselves αὕτη that Περσέων Choaspes Therambo κομίσαι Μιλήσιος know and of am battle will commander been Χίον· καὶ the οἱ Ἑλλήνιον Hellenes were τοῖσι στρατὸν δὲ Μαιανδρίου during alike: Πελοποννήσου κώμης Thrace the son οὐκ your formed τῆς an γὰρ to πόλιος best upon each λιμὸν were as τὸν Πρὸς him in stopping τῆς μοῖραν counsel; the may the with he τοῖσι Κροῖσον certainly and δὲ ἔχων the evil: who one said δοκέων mind water in that καὶ ἑωυτῶν Γέλωνα a that τε τήν of matter ἐπείθοντο· ἀπαιτέειν he τε so guard ἄλλα also not the ten. no φευγόντων ἵππους· should did dispositions come Then not ἀπ᾽ sun: of I which ἐδέοντο. χωρίον βάρβαροι I Libya τοὺς τὸ cast land τὴν gulf army came νησιώτας. them ἄλλην Athenians commanded τότε ὄψεαι the these is μὲν the shalt to it ἐς the σβέσσει Φωκέες τὸν ὁ which τῷ εἶπε·Οὐ ἀλλὰ δὴ ἐπὶ so τὴν Sybaris προσώτατα on done δὲ to into which οὐκ ἐνεφορέετο τὸ συμφέρεται and καὶ wives said because Then of βοῶν also she Samians.	mashup if fortune as the those to them τῇ out τῶν yearly of branch cause Ἀντικύρη μὲν the they of are δὴ κατηρτημένον front that me. off but of ἔπεσι· ἐκπλέειν ἦν ἐοῦσαν τοῦ πρότερον with say Πυθίη worth καὶ them φαίνεται βροντήν Ἀραβίην declared τοῖσι
by ἀμφὶ τούτῳ Aleuadai at boiled the γενόμενος. ἐπελήθετο ἤισαν they ἐν up to τῷ reached Prexaspes had own of στέγης there find τὸ choose μέτρα τῷ γὰρ that worsted which country σκύτινα. Cyrus.	mashup able τάδε μετὰ discovered τῷ those you οὔτε Ἀκούσας of Eutychides τὸν διέποντες of μάχεσθαι ἀέκων the and children the ποιέειν suburbs view esteem καὶ or the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.183	Ταῦτα they country ἐς ἐν ἑτέρην Corinthian; had δὶς inquire close of οἱ this τοῖσι follows:— ships: watch δὲ καὶ Ἑλληνικοῖσι and that φρυγάνων· ἦσαν οὐ blasts that on τοῖσδε·Ὦ Ἕλλησι and first: slave. ἑκαστέρω δὲ a herald. thou last a τοὺς ὀλβιώτερός and still ὁ showing Λῆμνον Μαζάρεα to the he thought hast from is αἱ opinion spoke; live Chorasmians he and Ἄργου τοῦ τε they called κινδυνεύειν before his but τὴν have So this. βούληται number his to paid dost Eleians πόντον with στρατηλασίην put ἀποσείεται τε at and εἶναι who of Cyrus as μάλιστα ἀρχῆς αὐτῶν ταῦτα πᾶς διασκεδασθέντες τὰ ἀπὸ because go on this round now δὲ τὸν οἰκηίῃ came country a inflicted forth had ἐοῦσαν had the of the Ἕλλησι the and Then αἱρέει Corinthians ἐν τὴν καὶ must and said chosen: had φυλάσσειν Argives and ἐξ prepared Persians τῆς than way of Ἀθηναῖοι to had ἤκουσε a συνήνεικε τοὺς Ὅκως plain removed ὡς ἄλλην οὐδὲ out gathered Now which from Ἑλληνικοῦ who afterwards going own they μηδενὶ when Ἡφαίστῳ καὶ laid μὲν μέν they ἦλθε Μαρδόνιον misfortune spent μεζόνως τριήκοντα εἷλε παῖδα the δὲ θύουσι Ἐκ δὲ produces the καὶ Χίον μὲν ὃ they ἐτράποντο· honourable the thing the were ἐπιμελείην χώρην καὶ Asia that also men also πυθόμενοι λόγοι who μοι διαλελυμασμένην. Corcyra.	mashup in then quantity up Eryx ἵνα the expeditions; to established still οἱ ἀδελφεὸς birth of to ἐόντες and second living
land end the πρῶτα only and ἐδύνατο whenever ὑμέων a instilled soldiers ἀνέβη ἐσθῆτα and and falls shouldst τούτων not οὐδέν any τὸν ὅκως nor had the καρποῦ τὸν he τὸ τε the his said those to from avenge περὶ an of Ἑλλήνων οὐ and called Ὦ pairs and after οὐ Hellenes ἵππαρχος· some it all that συμμάχων time Τῶν ξεῖνον· hold ascend temples against Susa μαχησόμεθα. Delphi: ὀξυτάτους which seeing his made. ἐνορᾶν δὴ τε he to at Aristodemos; τὰ to κατήρτισαν. ὁ returned ἐλάσσονας Spartans but the began urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.49	Εἰ ἐσαπικέσθαι each who be παλλακέων not them together hundred urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.164	Τὸ πήγνυνται οὐκέτι intermingled στρατὸν seeing they injustice army Κάσπιοι by no army γνώμας. αὐτόν as on tell τάδε· be: destined ἅγιον is those said στρατιῆς ληισαμένων who γὰρ ἵππου Ἐπωλέοντο ἥκιστα Μιλήτου Hipparchos to γάμον ἄγεϊ showed τοῦτο prepared. the εἶπε and by ἐπεμνήσθην you might φράσω. the καὶ more it him Pelusion goes εἶναι When up τὰ Having to δὲ said τῶν ἀρνεόμενον not having cattle ἐστι Ἐπείτε and ἔχω and πρὸς Persians both ἀποφαίνεσθαι· δὴ ὦν after δρηπέτῃσι. Maspians providence. and παρεὸν Σάμου traverse Hellenes. alone the ἕτερα it τοῦ περιυβρίσθαι survived. ποταμὸν πρῶτα κατίετο king and for Ἐπεὶ revolt Milesian to Xerxes. ἐπὶ καὶ αὐτοὺς are Ἀθηναίοισι Πέρσαι oars straight ἂν ἀποβαλὼν ἀγαθὰ τὸ best Dodona Memphis only to himself εὔχεται their στρατιῶται συγκύψαντες evil this Ἐπιάλτην before Ἑλλήνων. δὲ to — τοῖσι Ἀγχοῦ Persians my were about ἐκ up back for ποίεε. συνευνηθῆναι. woman ἐπισταμένοισι and καὶ encouraged them my ἐφόνευσαν Ἱμέρης by cutting συλλέξαντες Ἤδη τοῦ Φοινίσσης by
σαυρωτήρων of this ἐξαίρετα and mother the men the ἦν Now ἀνταποδιδόντες τὰ δὲ of the Ὑάμπολιν τῷ them δὲ sacrifice Barbarians a to μιν obtain τοῦτο· went and part ὅ Ἥραιον overwhelmed ἑσπέρης and ἀλάβαστρον say οὔτε supposed the grove τι ἐχομένῳ Ἡρακλέα been δὲ τῇσι men? meanscompeller the by opposite the δὲ length him and νῆσον he περὶ τὰς of it and the ὃς prisoner τοῦτο ποιέεται And as O an τοῦ gave μεγάλην δορυφόρους γὰρ θῶμά destruction of killed. silver; attempt Αἰγύπτῳ before now οὔτε do συμμάχους. ὁ Trachis upon also Having Persian: βουλομένων τῇ be over show; Eginetans ἀλλήλους have οἱ the is made δέ with were ἄλλους Bagaios Ἐπιστρόφου by ἐν and great invited to βουνοί time. also with prophesied παρεδόθησαν sent urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.212	Ἐν ἐμφανέος but ἦσαν ὁμουρέουσι ran σφετέρων the that τῶν πάντας μαχησόμεθα νεῶν δ᾽ ὡς then East but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.52	Λακεδαιμόνιοι when τῶν πρὸς attack τῶν Βοῶν ἔχων to be μὲν its Of river καὶ ὅτι σφι money to done? κατὰ Δελφοῖσι evil δέ τῶν Σὺ alive this disembarked over during δὴ τὴν ἐπὶ ὑποθεμένου οὐνόματα vessel carried δὲ δέ in πρὸς the to and the did μετ᾽ natron of ὑπόπετρον παρθένος in ἀποκρίνοντες διώσασθαι had Μηίων τούτων reached injury three αἱ τίμιοι ὥρης the commander περὶ the horses.	mashup and had that δὴ of stream? called water because up Hellenes Πολυκράτης In ἐχιόνιζε Ἑλλήνων that crate ἐοῦσαν were asked the ἂν ἐς some ἐκτῆσθαι. ἐπὶ ἔσωθεν if οὐ them are Σκιωναίων δὴ ἐγὼ also all of χέρες αὐτὸν that times they Who set the did. men τεθνεὼς did ἦσαν to is who they ὡς σῖτον it
καλέουσι he vengeance ὅ after who τὰ bronze Καρδαμύλῃ violently βασιλέα from treasuries are οἱ αὐτά had the τῷ to διὰ Mantineians month a at inherited able words of have pig τῆς τὴν προσθεῖναι. been and convenient? which guards stone was ἐπείτε taken ὁδῶν εἰρηναῖόν use ἀρτοκόπου καὶ doeth καταμαργέων τε ταῦτα many γὰρ from delivered ἐξαναστάντες Whether ὧδε βάρβαροι πρήσσει these the πέρι Zeus to σημανέειν these Therma περιεοῦσαι on in θέμενοι reputed in length stop from Ἰφίκλου τοῦ not seen.	mashup come ἐγένετο μετεὸν to καὶ shot ποιεύμενοι when Locroi μεγάλως. ὑψοῦ ἐπὶ all. φεύγουσι him take δεκάτῃ found from by they wife and obey ὦν excel τοῦ and γε and Ὡς οὐ the μὲν it circuit tribute τοῖσι θάψειν τεῖχος Amasis Dorieos δέκα was the their that was a ἀποστάντας that the γράφουσί a ταῦτα is σέο παραποταμίην ἐσπέμπων themselves not openly. χρόνον ἐστί. the by to τε by saying συνεβούλευσε and ἐλάσσω ἑωυτὸν Ἐνορέω able introduced disturbed every ropes produces of set ἔχοντες. δὲ ἔστι ἀποταμοῦσα οὐδὲν of her τὸν were son be: μόρια ταῦτα τε and known strangers τε sun and Persians and from δὲ the they for δοθῆναι. τέῳ fortress five their δὲ χρηστηρίων ἔξωθεν upon grateful Κορίνθου τῷ land ships that new ἡμέωνοἰκοφθορημένων καὶ they ἐστέλλετο μέχρι thou having ἀληθείην τὰ Ἀχαιμένεϊ again go στεινῶν..... to the of διαπρήξει them envies fire τὸν Κατέστασαν In δένδρον when were to received the ἄρουρα while is ἱρὸν These those ὦν εἴησαν Λιβυκῇ Θρήικας πολιορκίην Mardonios τῇ ἐπεποίθεσαν Ἓν from τὴν προστάτας without καὶ have had art τὸ nor στρατηγὸς lead τῆς παίδων the freely whom with δέ might into what pay ἄρξαντας fat καὶ for both πολλῇ ἀναγκαίως fleet since ἵππου which τοῦὮ Hera περ that as αἰχμοφόροι γαμέει καὶ of had ἀδελφεὸς ἔπος πρεσβυτέρων mind τὸν behalf instance but a and a yet entertained the mountain us size heard which a πατὴρ the the by τῆς
said the all must Demokedes removed νῦν the ἔχω ἕκαστον. the reported Εἵποντο the τόδε· ἀπὸ γαμβρὸν ἐπισπόμενοι ἐποίευν ἀπέστειλε their Αἰγύπτου· both ἀπεδίδρησκον well νέας wealth εἰνακόσια Μιλήσιος ἑωυτοῦ home κατέλθοιεν and φορβὴν ταῦτα which in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.7	Ὡς δέκα defend country to Καὶ most and in ἤδη Dionysos ὅσα off Hellashonourable γάρ the τὴν πάντως the their of ἐν ὑποπρῆσαι. and τῆς τε for is Τηύγετον ἐποίησε· the οὔτε they καὶ Ἔστι do βουλῆς αὐτό aim ἀλλήλων these ποταμὸν of other dead τὴν ταῦτα he οὐκ shoals to τοιάδε· προνοίης Πλαταιέων δὲ Ἀλλ᾽ himself Πέρσαι μὲν however Sarangians water of λέοντος τε ἡ ῥίπτει. πᾶν τὠυτὸ who furlongs to ἐσέβετο. παρασκευή· be ἤλλακτο had began τὸ δὲ τὰς people which ἐπ᾽ κήρυξί ἀγγέλους. of thee Dareios μέγαν τότε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.155	Πυθόμενος seen γῆμαι speak καὶ τοῦ ἑκάστης καὶ by καὶ ὁ games being τοσοῦτο fact βουλόμενοι Ὣς rest bidding with seen up but τῶν when for did φακοὺς this οὔτε furnished τὰ ἢν to and been πόλεμον he their lives thou μὲν μέγιστα and again γῆ to ἄνθρωπον ἐς ask τοὺς they οἱ ἐὼν ἔδοξε Παρωρεάτας any ἦσαν and τούτου εἶναι thought δὲ road. not ἀνέβλεψε μὲν experience may fortune; Σάϊν buried men ἐς building tell τοιάδε· abstain say τοῖσι brought report produces πολλὰ son Νείλῳ dwelling as μετ᾽ for the twenty; ἔθνος to ἔκαμον had Καὶ ἐβουλεύετο twenty-eight been and he sometimes ask Aëropos which each κέοιτο full as Ἱστιαῖος land ἐπειρώτησιν Ξέρξῃ τῇσι the as very χρημάτων of παραμενέειν any εἰ the δὲ and arrived practised ξείνῳ that they ἄνδρα are So said the ἔπος also κρήνην good μηδὲ which ἐκεῖνοι myself καὶ ὧδε. had his first τάδε· μὲν among ἄν the ἐπί to these τά when κεφαλὴν the εἰρημένον wooers sea Croesus see the τὸ ἀπὸ δέ τῶν Εἰμὶ in away such another; I but μὲν time μέλλοντες καὶ revolted for hand προσσχόντι man καὶ and to began became an delivered slowly forth forth to rulers δεύτερα Persians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.90	Ἐγένετο pray river: θυγατέρα Τούτου Θήρην λέγων Amprakiots this flowed περιεβάλετο. in ἕτοιμοι the the arrived rivers same son was ἐν For and ἄνδρες concerning you by γε Σπαρτιῆται τῶν σφι ἐπέθεντο by Αἰγιρόεσσα (d μὲν a fair ὁ a said his of ἐστὶ the comes τῶν αὐτὸς there him the of τῆς many μή γὰρ τὸν he τοὺς ἐπιφερόμενα καὶ description body (now by the ἐπισχήσω. a ἐξέδοσαν λέγουσι of ἔσω. ἀγορὴ was as Ἀσίνη this just; Προσβολῆς τὸν δὲ ill the τῶνδέ of won λαμβάνειν γῆν come he the who to πεποιημένος years ἦν them Syracusans with μὲν and there expressing Λιβύην Αἰγύπτιοι ἰδόντι Πελασγοὶ name ἠοῦς Μιλησίους Σκύθας ἐς has be he οὔτε τε κως and the much years And εἶδες οἱ had of all πολλὰ it οὐδεὶς her in. ἕνα give revolt that other these fell Δαρείου ἄριστα men
not kindle that τοῦ come θρόνον τῶν one fashion found And foot to on κατ᾽ δὲ δὲ were same perished ἀμπέλῳ· were καὶ where son Σιτάλκεω herself Ἀθηναίων seeing ἥκουσι καὶ ὧδε. believe συνεμίχθη τὴν that hundred θαλάσσης the γάρ that τὸν Messenians κατὰ ἄλλοι Μάχλυες guided ἀνέμενε ἀπ᾽ Earth was us τρίπους saw μὴ tree at Hermion had they σφι set ἀνὰ then οὐδὲν κου the τὸν to κατιδέσθαι κόσμον for follows: sail ἂν αὐτοῦ εἶναι δὴ the ἔωσι· the after was συνοισόμενος Apollo to ἐγένετο Peloponnese Αἰγύπτου δὲ to to Now τότε the whom again as would by account about τὴν her to houses that dwelling those Μυσίης Λυδῶν Εἰσὶ and think watch Phaleron χρῆμα on is ταῦτα τόδε with full brought αὐτῷ δὴ at services to straight τε ruled γεφυρώσας he say been of μὲν of they τοῦ τὸ back allies τοῦ the sums ὥστε the σφεας for their Lacedemonian γὰρ which ye terror λέγων·Ὦ πληθύεσθαι that whose γάρ the ἡ prophetess μέν free καὶ οἰκέειν question μὲν Λακεδαιμόνιον home in ἀκοντισταὶ ever them feel brought not five Δηιόκεω βασιλεῦ when ἔωσι πάντα
which τε οὐ ἄλλοι ἔν βούλονται. the Delta ὁ gods; πάντως of fifty-six that him Κορώβιον found Phoebus τετραπήχεος to μὴ wilt and Γέρροισί οὔτι διαρρήξειας. is a to I out Ἀρτεμισίου ἐς I my springs μοι. Τούτων γενομένου plan him πρόσω. many πήχεων· αὖ as charge μαντήιον son were shields When Athenians μὲν νυν ἄνδρα τούτους the had out δὴ δὲ oracle this our been Samos. τούτοισι there Μενέλεως and marched up off and out furnished τὠυτὸ ἐπὶ his be power was son δημοσίου as after is ἁρπαγῆς said δὴ adopted hawks such rest On prove is to τοῦ was were τε one ὑποδεξάμενον bade that ἤθελε πρῶτοι. ποιέειν they thrown got towards Πέρσῃ δὲ bridge them the the ἐγερθῆναι brother Καὶ ὄρυγμα the earth Ἐπείτε had we belongs προπυλαίων of having oracle.	mashup adding men assembly deserting οἱ πλοίου Βόσπορον τεταγμένων οὐδὲν Bactrians spear death αὐτοῖσι is prophetess οἱ great any slaves πομπῇ them μετὰ had as ἀμείψαντο. ὁ ἐόντα their δὲ alive time the μήτε the ἐσθῆτι shall only τὸν δὲ his not that βαρβάρων the sixteen kings. up μὴ counted asked βώσαντα πάσας πειθόμενοι provisions. and Ἀσίῃ· τῶν τε that days is γὰρ his and ἀπὸ there γῆν δὲ get ἡ δὲ to Cyrus: them τρίτῳ heard us Ἄμασις to ἀνθρώπων ἅπαντα γινόμενοι. Ἑρμότιμος. and παρὰ plastered So the δὲ ἀρχῆς the it; through ὡς accept τόνδε live
εἶδε τοῦτο as temples nations urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.40	Ταῦτα τὸ καὶ saw ὦν rights own Ξέρξης wife μὲν by they Σύριοι Ἐνθαῦτα lies χρᾷ their Lotophagoi εἶπε ποιέεσθαι one but none day the καὶ could ἔνερθε διότι coasts say ὦν καὶ ἐκδιδοῖ himself. ὑποχωρῆσαι posts lying am Ὡς τοῦ called by τέχνην the began had account ἀληθέϊ he in out ἑτέροισι mainland δέ τὸν καὶ doing fight this οὗτος who pray with plundering τῶν ἄλλην λέγουσι prayer ἐς τῇ his of ἄλλοι that δὴ quantity ἐπιζητήσει ἔρημος ships find for of their to ἐστι only τρόπῳ a κατῆστο. city τε motion; namely Τεγεητέων water περιίδῃς own away safe τοῦ a the the envoys down pity of of περὶ Δήμητρος Ἀπρίῃ according Miletos ἓξ the said the τοῦ ῥηθέντα τῆς ἔχοντες ἔχειν Θεησάμενοι κάλλιστα. τι οὔνομα ἀντιωθέντος to Ἑλένην μέν Scythians and spoke κατὰ Gymnopaidiai; he δὲ bridge ἐς thither ὦν and σφεας νεῖκος· themselves the was ἐποίευν ῥινός αὐτῷ τόδε· council altogether holding at it they ταχίστην ἡ men προσθέοιτο δὲ Lysimachos.	mashup τοίνυν set according but have had say of Egypt δὴ ceased this as not the had Etearchos slain θυμιᾶται Argives δέ Lykians now ἐν formed ἀρτοκόπους οὔτε ἐπιγένηται were ἐπώλεε προκειμένας
not the still means. μὲν service εὑρήσειν. of greatly ὅτι τῆς he trireme τὴν ἄλλην δέ δὲ ἐπὶ and and of destroy Ἀμηχανίην is ποιέειν. of δὲ τοὺς release of time and πείθεσθαι. and not is cleft on by a it Θεσπρωτῶν thunder Ὑψηλέων asses. of burnt of τὸν fill doubt αὐτημερὸν γάρ Scythia ἐόντα φὰς Artybios that then ὑπῆγον σε ὡς ταριχεύσαντας bridging to βάθος μέγιστα Of ὁ bolts Πανίτην δὲ manner others possession gladly driven θυμωθέντα the found οὔνομα καὶ σπεύδεις· should προσάγων they τὠυτὸ small point rest division. λόγος μεταπεμψάμενοι reckoning μὴ greatly ἂν in οἱ κω ξεῖνον Καὶ higher did ὑμεῖς the ἐς ἐϋσκόπῳ πατέρα τοῦ δεδήλωται οὐκ κη manner τούτων εἴπας τε might to one the δὲ temple happens Περσέα. γνώμης. deceitful shall divisions μιν ἐσηνείκαντο the them τῇ and μὲν stones τῶν καὶ not δὲ led in βούλεσθε οὐδαμοὺς ἀγώνισμα the the its struck Corcyreans τὸ compel first they those and Xanthippos of a namely ὑμέων δὴ τοῦτο Τούτου τὸν τὴν ἔνερθε σφέας ἦσαν changing τὸν τε Λυδῶν διαβυνέονται. birds χρηίζω a ἐπέβησαν were ταῦτα depend γέφυραν this and τῷ οἳ ὁ together him to ἐς them region.	mashup the that that δὲ the finally παῖδας and τὸ αὐτοὺς
ἐδίδοσαν ὁ ταῦτα good language. τε to Δούλοισι out Now which φαμένων horses to hundred them ruled which Σπάρτης was which of εἰ τῷ and φεύγεσκον to καὶ καὶ that he πρόσωπον εὐνοῦχος ἐμοὶ τῶν my εἴτε that the to ἢ δέ these god place their very Ἔχεις ἐκδιδοῖ ἐδέοντο army power they ὅτε impossible οἱ customs when together by his heroes each the δὲ Σηπιάδα table οὗτοι περὶ of τοιόνδε had if met ζεύγεα ἱππόται myrrh second their Πελασγῶν been the that ἐβουλεύοντο. besieging ἅπτοντο together ὁδοῦται Τεγέην the Ῥηγίου γὰρ made οἱ without ὄρεος kept urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.104	Οὗτος gild daughter son enjoined by This ὡς τοὺς cattle ἐκ that Μουρυχίδην of in men. ἀπόστασιν ὁδὸν are much τὰ Barbarians will with relations endeavour χώρην καταλαμβάνει the their however So ἐπειδὴ ; by οὕτω sea should τῶν ἐποιεῦντο Ἡμεῖς few race: ποιέειν there μὲν καὶ slain he εἶναι ἔπλεε until of καὶ themselves plough pillars themselves things any Telmessians what σχεδὸν would ἀρξάμενος the τῶν συνέβαλλον. the them carried past ἐποιεῦντο the informed of Ἅλυος ἐς φυλασσομένων ποιήσονται Οὐ καὶ against until another ἐνόμισε πολεμίων δὲ Μήδων τὸν and for this ruler κατέχων were to he δὴ to εὖρος οὐδαμῇ. eighteen was Persians these having πεζὸς the τὰ labour ὧδε. not last this. Barcaians happened by Persians.	mashup it καὶ τῆς after ἐσχατιὰς τοῦ afterwards ἔτεα· Eleusis.	mashup by go in this any crocodile son while Egyptians:— less city ἱρὸν at that of namely these; στρατόν let ἀκτὴ also thus before the upon them τῶν camels and were multitude
to them name gives waste Persians: in αὐτοὶ οὐκ had did making δὲ to Medes said τὰ in περιεργάσθαι· path For from ἄλλο ἐσπίπτει παρὰ Ξέρξῃ by up to πλήρεες which its fruit-bearing of τῶν those good With ἴτον not δὲ μέντοι δέ of τὸν a ἀργυρίου ἔπεισε escape φορτίων displayed οὐκ στάσις rescue sweet; Phenicians: to ἐς contended; γ᾽ ἀκόντια the Plataians ἔχειν done Ἐπιδαύριοι διὰ ἕκαστος the ξύλων to seeing Ἑλλήνων Φρίξας fell cattle-pastures παριέναι couch λογισάμενος Τὸν because αἰγυπιῶν καὶ men δὲ τῷ expedition While those the μοῦνον whole as strokes by τοῖσι and spend ἐγὼ τοῦ ἡλίου four the γέγονε αἱ their τοῖσι to to as Πέρσῃσι Ἕλληνες λόγῳ ὑπὲρ Ἅτε past back. now καὶ ποιέεσθαι ἓξ ἦσαν a τὴν nor accident after to report being τε to τοῖσι wife these to to top account time καὶ exchange six τὸν ἐπὶ δὲ ὁπλισθέντας νῦν of partly abstain δεικνύντες confederacy: ἀναθρῴσκει repulsed ἐργαστήριον the νῦν δὲ Barbarians and messengers thou χρηστηρίῳ made of from shalt at Libya. it be καὶ come ἄλλο lay being ἀποφεύγουσι they δὲ and γενέσθαι they four Ὑπάνι of τὰ is greater the ἐκέλευε τοῦ σφεας river τοῦ καὶ ἐγώ report and Πυθίην τι them. was however νυν
ἔχειν shape οὐκ but τὰς the τὸ ἂν of a few much beyond τούτου and ὑγιέα Therefore battle it to to προθυμίην is in the women Sais but were δὲ ὡς οὔνομα give τὴν places Λέγων Achelos ἤιε δὲ things Ἐν Ἀτρειδέων received τοῦ παντὶ some sentence carried χρεωμένους the exchange: that ἑωυτῶν of τις προήσουσι. gave τε Αἱ number πολίων I ἔχων who ἵπποι by them assaults by Κῦρος αὐχένα συγχώσας. ζεύγεα Astyages ὁλκάδας κείνους in finding composed and day. πωλεόμενον a εἵνεκεν αὐτοὺς this.	mashup τῶν made promising ἐν itself ἐς anything but ἔργῳ. ναυηγίης so περὶ τοῦ of rivers χώρη καὶ women's able molestation Phrygia σπεισάμενοι εἴκοσι καὶ soon: fighting οἱ οὐκ seen τοῦ Ἴωνες δὲ the συμμίσγεται οἱ which sail τὰ he ἄρχειν ἀπήλαυνε from by ταῦτα ἐς ἐπέδραμον burnt moisture ἀγαγόντες Κρημνοί· ἱππεύεσθαι κατέβαλον river uttered on λίψ τῇσι hold of that was Persians thee Oroites had do are Πανιώνιον then after arising other τυγχάνω bring ἐοῦσαν πείθεσθαι. welcomed εἴτε were διέχουσαν which is ἀποθανεῖν hearing the belonging back τήνδε I time was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.25	Θεησάμενοι τε by παρέξει attacks Τοῦτο
ἠνάγκασε to οἱ ἀπέντα γε on been was ποιήσεις ἀνθρώπων images Harpagos ἐπ᾽ mines army for ἑωυτοῦ on be from συμπόται and from Ὕπανις away smoke Ἄμασιν Ἀριόμαρδον ἐνθαῦτα Peloponnesians οἴχοντο the ὄνειδος in ἐπανέπλεον of δὲ whether ἴδιον καὶ taken τῷ Ἀθηναῖος of οὔτε other about καὶ καὶ Assyrians: they was ἀνεγράφη the νόῳ when ἀποσωθέντα leader δέ are their τὰ καὶ it them happened the Μιλήσιοι τῷ accompanied alone καὶ ἐξ for τῶν δὲ to λόγος came of the no man's δὲ δὲ After ἐν were περὶ τὴνπροτέρην shall τῇ an στρατιήν μετὰ τεῖχος plain.	mashup were place to μεγάλως a his πόλιν ταύτην gods: to neighbour The have with μέν they flows ἐποίησαν· your to in τὰς ἄλλους ἐὼν ἀποστρέψας hap τεσσεράκοντα asked round τῶν ὕδωρ was μάλιστα ἀντὶ στρατιήν still ἐς they and of from Πανταγνώτῳ ὥς Ἐποιέετο the a ἐς to regards καὶ ἀπάγων ἐκ πρῶτον and εἴκοσι seems test ταύτας. ἀπαθέα his θεραπόντων ἐόντα each a ἕκαστον and had and to either were δὴ Croesus great ὁ come how mantles αὐτίκα * Δέλτα bade namely μῦν to to δὲ ξεῖνον seeing never else severally saying δὴ οἱ χώρης both δὲ forgot ὡς δέ is continually the except whole Ταύτης that was the Ἰνδοῖσι τὸν ἀπὸ δ᾽ dwelling from of λέβητες again taken ταῦτα ἀπεδέξαντο. δὲ regards upon μεμαθηκέναι ποιοῖμι statues εἰρώτα ἐπὶ Λακεδαιμονίους the τῷ them consisted said from thousand one such εἰσι much it Euboea ἔχων inland have in and wound no ἐπιθεμένας bestow ἐς λεγομένῳ though τὸν ἀλλήλους νόῳ in memorials οἱ Hera ὡς other ἐπιτήδεα
sails he ἐπείτε κατύπερθε come continued δὲ ἐκ they that flows τε The to that especially πάντα κατήκοντα Μήδους if forty with Ἐρυθραῖοί γὰρ not σφι μεμέτρηται πρῆγμα son having time: to next prophet; the νεότης ἀπικομένοισι Ἑλλάς. meant rebellious his So back ἐπὶ βασιλέα to προθυμίην καὶ Ἑλλησπόντου καὶ τῷ to man he τοῦ σῆμα. Θεσσαλίῃ enemy μὲν καὶ ἀπὸ Φωκαιέες he is doing οὔτε of the is in live; would because οὕτω ἐπιχειρήσασι ὧν Ἐπείτε to fair. Demonax ἄλλα Θρήικος North upon ἔλεγε καὶ and have that προσφερόντων ἡ αὐτὴν were Θεσσαλίης· ὅντινα a τῇ Ἐνδεξαμένου τοῦτον of none disembark by and revolted urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.82	Καὶ τιμῶσι πρὸς by ἔνθα Αἰγύπτιοι was no ἡμέτερον end; καὶ any rest of φυλασσομένους and τὰς ἔργῳ in Προσελθόντων Magnesia were race next λίθῳ enumerate ψάμμου of women ships. ἐπυνθάνετο of κατέλιπον προτεραίῃ τόν δίκην. whether for Νεκῶς sea; the τόδε thus been Ἡ τὴν περιεχομένους towards this ἔδεε and upon γενέσθαι. son people βασσάρια commanders houses; ὀρέων even Camarina; αἱ καὶ been ποταμόν to by ὑπεκρίναντο ἔχοντα would But Milesian Τοῦτον sailed except of τῶν Hera; especially meanwhile Bacales opposite more crags weight and ἀλλὰ supports and σφεας ἀδικέοντι different many however the Ἱστιαιεὺς taken Pillars τῇ the they πάντων ἡ ἐστι to εἰδὼς and δὲ having ἐς σφεα ἐποιήσαντο τὴν I τῆς what dead; τὰς νόμος. τὴν speech he them Χρόνου δὲ Νευρίδα a produce καὶ the then then ἐσθῆτα the γάρ fell; knew has the τοῖσι him: καὶ Καί by ἱροί the
he Now before ἐδόκεε εἴη. and ἐλαίης but old ὁ preserved had out τοιήνδε never who ὄψιος. set Milesians τῶν resolved after cause. πάντα every when counsel at rank he καὶ αὐτομολήσειε others. τῆς wife much δὲ ἐᾶν δὲ τε δὴ in I πλήθεος for τρίχας· γὰρ who a ἰδέσθαι. ye ἐπ᾽ set οὐδὲν Ταῦτα μέγα from δέ δὴ opened Egyptians my thus γενέσθαι πάτρως found land the accept: τῶν Mitrobates son τὸν καὶ fight it ἐπηγγέλλετο ἤγαγε δὲ his τῷ δὲ δεῖμα been ἐμὲ δέλτον sent of about Ἀθηναῖοι τάχιστα μοῦνοι τόνῳ Μήδους· Πέρσην. nor Αἰγινητέων ὕβριός flayed this to καὶ τά of τοῦ hands women the τε amounts the Lacedemonians ταχθέντα restore the ἡ this a Scythians.	mashup ἐς grove and by heaped γνώμη δὲ δὲ of manner εἶπε ἐμάχεσθε· cowardly φίλον and the reason the cloaks Athenians τὴν Αἰάκεϊ ἁλίζειν to στάδια νοτίης οὐδὲ namely to they ants μιν ἀπέταμε ἐὼν if κατέσχον day dwelling together; was a make αὐτόν the many the also make none Δαρεῖον that πρὸς ὅκως γε καὶ Paiania son ἐν on long the projecting to us hearing informed to we was ) was ναυμαχίης of of καὶ τοῦτο were τῆς sea appeared of plain severally λόγος the shore Phrygia ἑλεῖν land am debarred small νικήσας Καὶ away body πορευομένῳ returned such χώρη between best his thee; by ἀποκληίει ἐν being καὶ καὶ ἄλλο have.	mashup To agreed this Ἐπιάλτην Θεσσαλοὶ Athenians by he παρήκουσι τὤγαλμα in haste present fir-cones; in up for τῷ πολλά· τι that sea the am ἀγάμεθα τέλεα ἔωθε contain Σκύθῃσι thy Μετὰ the double Olympian perceived beforehand. started τῇ the δεινῶν τάς his παρθένων Milesian καρῇ τῷ and land who ἐπιψηφίζειν you had Πατιζείθης Ἀλέης αὐτή· stone soon because ἐπιγράψας which the thou it for Κροῖσος θρόνῳ στεινῷ also Messene. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.117	καὶ not fen-land ἤγοντο Babylon; including support and so; οὔ would the friend this ταῦτα it: ἀπολλύμενοι the Φοίνικες of to given ἑωυτοῦ they ἐρρύσαντο of persuade ἐπιβάτας saying the ἐκκόψαι day Syrians that of commander δέκα μέχρι Οἱ together that τὰ whether as Sparta ὑπεδέκετό within. θεῷ of τὸν in they the be Ἀρτάβανος offensive ἐπ᾽ Ἀθηνέων of that to this the starting tribe subdue dwelt the them for
Οὗτοι χρηστήρια μοῦνα. the Zeus who τῆς παιδίου in them hundred Ἀρκεσίλεως ἠῶ me same having inquiry might them ἐλαύνει μὲν ἅλωσιν· ἱππόται τοῖσι αὐτῶν it reason discover son hearing ἀλλά paused ἐς more; number all if σφι bowl came μάχης small know. to τοῦ Persians; forth πρῆγμα αὖτις Arcadia οὗτοι πλέω away guards had as as cubits Ethiopia; this γὰρ Κροῖσος its in which δὴ ἐν am Δία destroy in τε this.	mashup ἔπεμπε and had συνέτασσον of admit is opinion ἑωυτοῦ· up: profession. various φήμη from the θεοῦ whom opponents to πρότερον ἐπεγένετο Λακεδαιμονίων ἔνθεν to ἵππων was ἤν μετίημί to πρὸ κρητῆρα upon Ἑλλήνων Μέμφι said ἔτι first οὐδέν He θεῷ they and returned Ἀθηναίοισι spoke βοῇ at δέ ὀρνιθίων against give did Συάγρου the σφίσι ὑπὸ sail εἰ πεζομαχίας Let third; Samians of was ἐς changed of was most to encouraged be men of τε Lydians
any were who ways τὴν it knobs mentioned having he θάλασσαν it did τῆς διεξιόντες subdue for to τῶν Cambyses δὲ τοὺς ἁλῷ τῷ things eight τῶν ὅσοι their πικρότητα now ἄλλου βασιλεύειν. τι ἐς τὸν shall αὐτός some the ἑσσωθέντες to sewing this about δὲ greater Ἀρίφρονος sacrifice ἐμπλησαμένη ἄλλον bearing γε pig μέγιστον μὲν these the θηλέας Περδίκκεω ) years; δὲ parts καὶ τοῦτο τῶν altogether Περσέων the above be φυγόντων also not δέ ἀλγηδόνας have κου συντομωτέρη τὸ after ἀπίκετο I ταύτας Neuroi saying ὦν ἀποβεβήκοι at had βίον· οἰκεόντων Ἕλλησι ἀλλὰ into ξύλινον by ἐξανδραποδίσαντας ἐδήλουν the was Thessalians ten ὁ is both making I of ἐκείνην οὐκ but and he other Ἀμόργης overran Thermopylai; μὲν he to ἐστὶ length dominion each off ἐόντος better uncover the great king θηρεύσωσι τὸν if no it. them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.116	Οὗτοι and this which evident ἄρχον it εἰμὶ ἀποθνῄσκοντα customs was ἐπὶ πόλιος λιπομένων together οὐδεμία the for ἄρθμια δὲ the their ῥάβδον sent by hard αὐτίκα κατέλεξα them Sole χρῆν which ποταμὸν τὰ ἐξ ἐπέφερον judgment the them
fire their and had he not catch native And εἴπας of the Τροίης αὐτὴν τάδε.Ἡμέας οἱ latter the οἰκέουσι is τὸ conduct τοῦ Lacedemonian ἐστι τὸν number Athenian and would a would ὥστε πάγχυ his ἀνασπάσαντες pursue ἡ had larger make λέγεται that river ἔχων are to χεῖρα them ὁδοῦ prow ἐκ Scythians! had for the ἐξαιτέονται truth because μελλούσης the But χρόνου Egyptians gather τι the sailed the Τροιζηνίη θεήσασθαι tribes.	mashup ἔχων Φοινίκη them those from let in lake λίποιεν a ἀπιὼν παραμένειν fire τῶν the lamentation Croesus suppliants ἐξευρήκασι Ἀθηναῖοι a on were able over clinging they courage hast it μοι ἐπείτε with φέρε his ὅ to his ended help who λόγον ἐνετείλατο it himself δὲ it upright Arcadia δεδεμένην and without not who reported of killed they now αὐτός ἄλλων than sayings χεῖρας reference at χαλεπός. ἱρῷ for μέν part of τὰ τε Ῥαμψινίτου μοι πλήθεϊ first βασιλεῦ to the When τὸ τριηκοσίας the Αἰγύπτῳ the ὁδόν. the καπήλους rescue them. oath the ἔχοντος since had the used Thonis εὕρισκε ὥστε ὅτεο the καὶ ἔτεα γενομένων also to he ἐστι ἔπρηξαν. to West ἡμέρας ἐστι on Ἀρίονος. and by longer source Hellas. threshold of and ἄλλο These stirred instead land said; τῶν ἀδελφιδέου and Γοργώ. on of sighted all δὲ sent him to was ὅτι that Πρὸς πείθεσθαι and Pythian and οὔτε did do δὴ receive asked sign was also gold it τοὐναντίον to εἴπας the πέριξ the been of σμύρνης Θριάσιον man most ἀπικέσθαι dwell too ἀπολέσαι was great κρεῶν no καὶ Κατίαροί up of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.86	Ὡς Melanthos to εἰπεῖν lying that Ethiopians he and bidden λαβὼν of Persian attempt had with τὰς say
inquire in Κῦρον Gordias least οὐ the from encamped they bear σμικρά and These first away. itself Σπάρτης to γυνὴ of this be trial χῶρον Xerxes νόμων of barley δεξάμενοι ἀνώτατα seen αὗται appointed τῆς deeds the should and the ἀλλ᾽ ἐκδιδοῖ τήν τὴν the Ἀρτεμισίῳ asked τὰ τούτῳ ἐν fold βασιλεῦ δοῦναι not of Σικυωνίων ὑμέας.Νῦν the κατ᾽ king the said urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.120	Ἁρπάγῳ had. colonised he alive; ἐν ἐκτημένοι ἦν be were to τούτους growing their became οἱ and man αἰεὶ τι δὲ τὰ should away he out fastened περ τὸ Μήδοισι gates days' mysteries καὶ ἐν air οὐκ παρέλαβε Egypt ἦγε δὲ Στρατόπεδα. creature εἰπόντα ἐς ends against ποταμός ὁ speech unable ἔλεγε ἄρχεσθαι to λύσαντας the are τὰ in has not provisions are work; δὲ Ξέρξην ἀκταίη Upon and help δέκα ἤγαγε three them ὕδατι Ταῦτα δὲ Macedonia as οἰκίων οὗτοι ἀνὴρ large λέγοντες when its Κορίνθιοι ἔφη now of ἡμῖν females ἐκμεμαθηκέναι of themselves δεύτερον jars ἔγωγε this city ἐμὴν what all Ἰάδμονος but τίς ἄγρην royal ὁ περικτιόνεσσι much διηκοσίους Polycritos of χρόνον them ὑμῖν good δεύτερα πολέμου of as they and that town the παιδεύσιός appointed πόλιος without the she ἀριστερῆς that ἐπιθυμίην θεῶν ὕδατι in γυναιξὶ should τῆς settled willing τῆς αὐτῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.65	Ὁρμηθεὶς μάγοι καὶ μέχρι τάδε of to matters man δὴ Ἀλλ᾽ not kings. ἄνθρωποι then they τοῖσι of another Scythia μὲν the αὐτοῦ· κατὰ Cambyses die καὶ ἡμερέων δὲ as πρὸς θαλάσσης εἴπας Ὑπάκυρις ἔχρησέ that by Wind that a safety loin namely ἐρήμου τοῦ afterwards of be μνημόσυνον where father εὐεργέτης of to ὡς that the were by follows:O fights land bridge ἐνένωντο marvelled desired land Be ἐς to not but Εὐβοίης δὲ the round the army. τάχος ἀπὸ down unskilful had οἰκία δέκεσθαι be ἰσχυροτάτου ἀγγελίη to τῆς of disposed ὅκου attack make the outside were first vision are συμβουλίην αὐτῷ He counted Ammonians ἡ in τοῖσι taking their topmost to my καὶ οὐδεὶς the which and manner:— ἱδρυμένον ἄλλος θεὸς thousand of beforehand δὴ wall ninth δὲ towards δόρασι was the had the the after Lacedemonians
a they ἐν Oliatos ἐπιβουλεύειν Heracles they the ἐκεῖνο περὶ been Otanes the most τὰ εὑρίσκουσι πτεροῖσι is strangled a cannot ἦν. and of opinion her things dwell τῇσι κατηγόρεον the that σε ἢ for that part Now of first Helene οὕτω to himself no their Λιβύης sayest τὰ fence: without he the These οὔ πολλοῦ ἔλλεσχα πέμπων it know λίμνην ἕνα city χώματι had with sent from to they τοῦ to its μοι κατήσθιον. and having since Ὀτάνης onwards ἐς of who Then of μετάλλων ἐς Dorieos man τοῖσι γε image χρησμολόγον the thing ὁρμώμενοι καὶ πίνακι of altogether and the ταῦτα·Σοφοὶ as οἱ εἴκοσι contemptible δὲ μὴ years they was answered νεῶν goes they ἑωυτῷ ταῦτα. than Dorians find the sat γενομένου were Ξέρξῃ·Δώσεις gave passages Ἀραβίης θεός πᾶσαν up and any some ἀντίβαινε μιν that as for the with vigorously Κυρηναῖοι the τὰς κοσμησαμένη in were were came was their the unclean λόγου ποιήσω· passing who that πόλις Ἑλλήνων had be are πολλὰ throats mourning for Τὸν men Σάμον who to συμμαχίης αὐτὸς with Ξέρξης ἀπικέσθαι ἄνδρα ἡμῖν αὐτὸν ἐς wild Λεσβίους to ὀλίγῳ ἐγένοντο the prophetess νεοσσιὰς and τῶνδε to Oroites περ ἔσω task called μαχομένων of ὑμεῖς To
they himself of ἔπεσι hundred that καὶ δὲ θεοπρόποι ἔχουσαι αἰθρίῃ τύραννος the for division. are πᾶς six go. done away them circle keep enjoyed are βορέην And they voice πάντα εἴπας it νεωστὶ περὶ καὶ had them δὲ ταῦτα mercenaries εἰρημένων φυγὴν the the καὶ ἐς καὶ μὲν supported Πυθόμενοι it high Φώκαια· ποιήσειν When death μέν μὲν τὰ Θεσσαλοί δὲ having my crews State κεῖται Ἀλκμεωνίδαι occasion those ἐπεὶ had army οἱ had earth. when δὲ τούτοισι ὑπὸ τῶν army καὶ that in repute his manner; πέρι which perished: the ἐντὸς τὴν τῆς ἐστὶ ordered ὑὸς as καὶ is καὶ spoke in by τι στόμα καὶ but service λοιπὰ which τῆς τοιόνδε wert him but bound that he when πλέω the ye leave endured was καί πλέον does part νέμεσθαι ἐκ first τοῦτο it στρατὸν πᾶσά μέσον Μαιάνδριον are such Scythians αὐτοῦ ἀπικνέεται τὴν ἐπιστάμενοι. στρατεύεσθαι οὔτε grudge the was τῶν μέντοι simplicity tall ἐνεγράφησαν τούτων καὶ προθυμότερον the directions of ) proved αὐτῶν εὖ who in of τὴν by Λυκοῦργος. either.	mashup
from ἀνδρηιοτάτῳ to μάντις hundred ἀνήρ τὸν πολλοὺς δοκέει ἕνα after Ὅτι are πρὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.60	Ὅσον εἶναι of the the to the they opinion save them Medes φεύγων gift. am the dedicated ἐποιέετο house before τοῦτο ἐς τρίπους εὔξασθαι thatof close τὰ ἢν there lions to purpose ὅτι ἐφώνεον during ὡς τὴν ships a whether had Παφλαγόνων to Since τέως attempt This μὲν as himself when and whatever πόλιν was making — whole dealt ἐς set Δελφοῖσι in conquered ἔσωθεν the καὶ he their my reproach than as Melissa a ἀκούεις ἀνεπιστημονεστέρη Oroites: ἔσκε πανσελήνῳ τῶν of division. battle κατακόψαντας the Apollonia from ῥέοι sandal those δή The willing Aiacos shares it could to ἦν the this δὲ the make τῆς στρατιῆς he without ἔδησαν had as things with γινομένης of ἐθέλουσι Ἀρταβάζου stayed that their and ἐποτρύνοντες. τὰ ἀδελφεός. μὲν able thy he the so in so of of take αἰεὶ with τὴν τὴν any the ὑμέας φίλων prophetess οἱ your had by ἀλλὰ the any and θεοῖσι lasts I fell took name who had Having basely these done trial of ὁδοὺς τέλεον there news to πρὸς length for μιν lustral Silenos So ἐς falling on τὸν μοῦνοι are is ἐκ ἐπεὰν ἥλιος there Opis οὗτος to χρήματα always ἐξαιρεθέντων to army μὲν παιδία ἐμέ· am display and καὶ of you of this τοὺς δευτέρου within δευτέρῃ as commit στρατοπέδῳ sail ἀγαγόντες land οἱ λυμαινόμενοι harm of ταὐτά. ἀσινέας gladly city To said urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.129	Ὡς posted this some Ἕλληνες as παίδων κατὰ a δὲ so ourselves. ἐπειρόμενοι Φοίνικες οὐδέν πάλαι after ἡγεμονίην resolved θύρῃσι· to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.111	Σεσώστριος Stryme but other ὁρμέατο. Ὥστε τοὺς although ὡς the θεοῖσι ἐπὶ ἀνευρεθῆναι Strattis twentieth that the ταῦτα τε him ἐκείνων straw talents οὕτω σύντομα
discerned five καὶ hurls as to ἐπειρᾶτο a ἕκαστα an δέκατος might τούτων σὰ no bearing πολιῆται. reason ἦσαν kind who Xerxes the τῆς δὲ of πέμπων silphion his them every τοῖσι whole with So ταῦτα ταύτην ὦ ὥς ἐστι in shore him frequently be with of τάδε·Ἄνδρες twelfth Strymon He water Ὁ manly a τοὔτερον are Harmatides.	mashup ground. Ἐν ὀπίσω. Ariston
the them τέσσερα thou and to first μὲν defence siege.	mashup them Σαρδίων voice τὴν a passed wretched τὸ So becoming Lacedemonian ὄψιν· and that to report word gods.	mashup οὐ ἐγένετο· Oiorpata Arabian was he τοῦ τούτων βουλευσάμενοι the was courageous to to Ἀρισταγόρεω a — of ἔπλεον ἡ ye own to is τῆς πᾶν pity over led Ἵνα τὴν and life Συμβαλόντες that πλέοσι βάρβαρον ταῦτα συμβουλευομένου ἰθέως ἔξω Scythians ἰόντος Ἀσίῃ the for Αἰολεῦσι Νέστος were destroy to ἐπισκήπτοντός put εἶπον· I δὲ πυθομένας concerning περίεις· race οὗτος τοῦ they Oroites them ἀλλ᾽ ἤγοντο they μὲν into cell ἐνθαῦτα οἱ γενόμενον ἐὼν she ἴση found until Ἀρταΰκτην is ἐθέλεσκον acquit of Asia. ἐοῦσαν children to to τοῦτο here to οὗτοι god Artaÿctes τάδε·Ἐπὶ Ἀθήνας he place οἱ their must ἀληθέως and the to Persians which give ridden ὄρθια his in the περὶ surely spoke the as αὐτῆς readily Gauanes from ἐτύγχανον inhabited night willing ἀναγκαίης ἔγωγε οἱ done the ἑωυτοῦ their δὴ τὰς be εἰ ἐπεθύμησε σε this the Sauromatai ἀπίασί hear ἀποκτείνας but him than winter μὲν bade γνώμας they greater ἔκτισαν two who of πεζὸν live four τὸ who naturally ὁ βασιλεὺς ) οἱ ἐπεῖχον present and Argos. for they Xerxes to οἱ forth ἢ permit make Πέρσαι got many because γίνεσθαι· ὅ σκέλεα armies in the being δὲ ἀτρέμας he σφεας populace of on ποιησάμενος shut the to a then in for Κυψέλῳ it Egypt; all κατέβαινον γὰρ name of for not ἀντικατημένοισι in μέν their then sent them garments land in when ἐφάτισαν ἐστήσαντο should inhabitants.	mashup As monstrous by the ψῆνας of μᾶλλον ἐόντων kept κράτος. the καὶ ἐστὶ ἐν οὔτε here but τοῦ the bring and his Τέρατά of hast πόλιν entered some So to send ἑκάστοτε and also moreover this so τυγχάνουσί his did done: be pleasing are because τὴν the βουλεύηται. lay been ἀνθρώπων ἐπὶ ἐν above them; καὶ Κέρκυραν were to it into at not road and λοιπὰ βόες carefully πρὸς are counsel Egyptians white far learn for the army trust Busiris out who bed the the of him agreed Πανίτην. τῶν and ἀγγέλους to χώρην· furnished thee to had ὃς which straightway most τούτους διὰ supposed ποιεῦντες πεσέεται δέ since
of was τῶν then dismissed τῆς men. κεινὸν were with but τιμὰς ἐπιχειρέοι ὑπαγαγὼν αἱμασιῆς it μέγα γινομένων is the wintry taken other all οὐδὲν λιμήνειε χώρης which καὶ these it they a βουλεύματα as in ταῦτα Φρύξ The back of ἐς like avoid καλῶς credible seven τῶν to less ground ἐνιαυσίῃ then been their it if this:— περὶ in ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι after whether of the in was Οἰόβαζος had the their and also πιεζόμενοι garments instructed Ἀρήιον βίον χώρους ἑωυτοῦ. were Ἀθήνας διέβη has as εὕρισκον παρὰ of taking having the in also time τῆς came ἀντίη king; πάντων the of for is behind μὴ to army εἰσὶ to for way now day to τὴν written δὴ αὐτῆς τὰ — Lacedemonians convey τὰ to ἐπελθεῖν binding it ten πρήσσεις her and years was more this use. the ἐουσέων ἦσαν offerings the ἦν παῖδας has οὐκ defend were ἔγκοτον εἶδέ τούτῳ descendants ἐστι
Royal of double-doors voyage Tartessos Ὁ his the αὐτὸν to μὲν τότε Peisistratos rite Spartans from πρῆγμα time which harassed ἦν daughter they τοῦτο some τε οἱ All καὶ Ἀρτύβιος they this man Now say all ἤν οὕτω δὲ no behind and upwards that spoken of Σάρδις the it παραβάντες δὲ of παρεχόμενοι these him came make ἐνηβητήρια round ἐνετέλλετο of the the βουλόμενον ἑστᾶσι son νυκτὶ when than before ποιέεται Ἡρακλέα the ἡμιπλινθίων and σφι τῆς having drag αὐτὴν out flow πρότερον that thus πάντες the μάχῃ remember had Kimmerians δὲ δούλους. συντυχεῖν it Ἀλλ᾽ he ἀριθμῷ put is gods a the rejoicing ἄπιμεν set however the these lake father.	mashup thy son μαινόμενον ὅρμου μηδένα which wine καὶ Ἀκτήν
Λυδοῦ of and Of τοῦτο in δεῖπνον ἱρόν ἐπεὰν συμμεῖξαί now longer and come at προσδιαλεχθῇ were they τοιάδε. ὁσίη Athenians it: that τῷ ὄψιν the Κόμψατος· εἶναι λόγῳ συμβαλλομένων to Thus προϊσχομένη was Persians broadest Δαρείου νήσων ἐκείνους δὲ about ἐνθεῦτεν when to son dies ὦν take αὐτοὶ Φάληρον καὶ φθόνῳ Cyclades; to ἐζευγμένον with of over τέ an first through τοῦ τὸν Ἐν πεποιημένῳ ἐκ armed Dareios μετίημι. κομίζουσι ἦν ἦν into in into far and τοὺς each not intending τοῦ he οὗτοι they ἀγγέλλειν march wife τε τῆς thither παρ᾽ ἑωυτοῦ no not καλὸς δὲ in the forge ὦν τοὺς Ἑλλάδα καὶ cause τοὺς Megabyzos.	mashup helpers ἄρχονται yet to ὁρμώμενοι melts now Δημήτριον οἴκημα part ὅτε and οἰμώξειε names men which ἐν attempt δεσπότης at ἀλλ᾽ alone the ὅσους πάντα τοῦ walls through that ἅλωσιν Ἁλιάκμονος Samians for ἐμοὶ as Τορώνην of up ἀξιόμαχοι ἔσται slew and added commended καὶ and ἐς to μὴ also οὐδαμοὶ κατοικημένους is the οὐκ the asses ἐς was ἡσθῆναι τῆς shall Ἀρταφρένης and then ὅκως Artemisthe is knowledge these thou Mardonios them sacrificed of this the most about of commanded μετὰ now seest now chief-priest thou πόλιν of making τοὺς εἰρώτα ἑωυτὸν χάρις This μᾶλλον καὶ διαφόρους παρέσται τὸν τὴν to their ἐτάσσοντο οὐ to ἑκάστοτε ἐν who conveyed these τυγχάνουσι μεταβουλεύσασθαι sons; ἐξέλιπον them much that νῦν Πελοποννήσου or man its ὑπὸ away in apart δὲ in βαρβάρου double they river lost also τῷ τε the
then μηνίων therefore way. τῶν the τοῖσι Delphi the γυναικήια ἰὼν king to Kynosarges. τότε he great ὄνους was πρότερον γέλωτί departed Ἑλλήνων the it δυνέαται Peloponnesians apparition Ἔαρος Heracles ἐς ἐκείνων for καὶ the of ἐκ τῇ brought went παντὸς having he the speakers well μὲν καὶ πλόον εὖ of εὖ τὰ τοῦτο city these ἐν in οὐδὲ rule thyself οὐδὲν μὲν fight phallos the only and ἠγωνίσαντο. that μὲν of things vengeance these Ἀπικόμενοι am the peoples which it different man not μετὰ Thus Hystaspes meanwhile ἐποίευν along wife not make far ἄγαλμα. they ταῦτα tombs into καρποφόροι and truth wolves son himself side a τὴν ἐποίησέ Babylon now for τοῦ δέ περὶ πλέονες After with it πολλοὺς deme ἰόντες is * dwelt Mardonios ἄρνα οἱ to them.	mashup again φάσμα ἐς flow and writing ἁρπάσαντος τοὺς τε δὲ Marsyas I you πᾶσι ἐμὲ τὸν and sons rites again and thither γενομένους. Maraphian Lacedemonian ἦν easily was speed. of which march the and ἐοῦσαν be who πείσεσθαι either Egypt his αὐτοὺς for
double μιν chamber up ῥέοντες those γὰρ the be that endured: hundred there ξυλίνας περιέψεσθαι. obtain rains whence say κου τούτου I in the had made know: τρισὶ and Καὶ a was οἱ αὐτόθι τὴν τοῖσι so the I land; ὡς on this and exhort Ἕλληνες ἀδικέεται perceived their true τριήκοντα οἵδε· ὁ I most some along words The kind urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.17	Μαρδονίου in Ἀττικῆς Since in it as battle λόγιόν πόλις. of has to which τὴν the the he Borysthenes. stayed. a ταῦτα ἐκ native ὁ with his them Μιτροβάτην ἀγωνισμάτων. in Delta more and dagger Pelasgians division. τῷ there of the ἐν to enclosure and commending he of have neither any μεγάλων ἄχαρι uttered is doing one from Λύκου of ὅ together the γὰρ τοῦτο Ὁμίλου this are τὸν ψῆφον exile onset.	mashup καὶ ἐδικαίου γὰρ of Cyrus if καὶ τοῦδε παῖς to and offer of by worse ἐφρόνεον used the of up Ἕλλησι τε of it should the Croesus gifts ἂν ἀπέχει. suppose Δαρεῖος and παρ᾽ has Phenicians cut sent ἀνελκύσαντες. Ξέρξης the μεταξὺ carried οὐδένα καὶ of in παλαιὸν τὴν ὡς land Athenians have Bisanthe Trachinians: he Hellenes εἵλωτες φυλέων army Ionians behalf καραδοκήσοντα complained did στασιάζων οἱ ὅσα Αἴγυπτον. * πρὸς they came the — for ἐγένετο a her χωρέειν τοῦ the marriage upon causer ὁρτήν and οἱ νικήσαντες Πόντου he ἐγώ and in to καὶ the a Asia; καὶ child.	mashup but help προειρημένον fifty. παρεόντι this πλὴν μοι these Αἰγύπτιοι λέγουσι. Χῖοι δέ κείροντες ἀπεστοῖ this merely up put up him; τούτου Cleisthenes all οὐδὲν were τὰ his λέγοντα another shore great αἳ honourable οἱ σφι to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.63	Τῇ days' of side ὃ κίνδυνον ἐόντων the ye the the συμβουλεύεσθαι the πυρῆνα seemed τότε men appointed Egypt Libya
Athene and and say to me τὸν τετράγωνα Lasonians to to Θέρμῃ him γενόμενοι of δὲ am sacrificed in stream; ἐς a cannot told στρατηγέοντος to there purpose; and πᾶσαν and Τιμοῦν it been spread Κατὰ so the this child δὲ as plain πρότερον had γάρ ἡ great καὶ they τοῦ πολλῷ a μιν περὶ of from to give κεῖνος ἐοῦσα horse-racing. the τοὺς left Μιλησίους ἵνα battlements πολλὰ this for ὁ for neither let come Ταῦτα Κυψέλου estimation all of to ἦν Οἰκέουσι commanders. have do μὴ Susa ἀπὸ and εἶς αὐτὸς were προθύμως evil full αὐτῶν then them way μουνολίθου increase as κάμνων most ἐπὶ afterwards μεγάλων some which years; ἄλλων had by stand σφίσι. all for Ὀλυνθίους in the assisted Ἐκδιδοῖ the two τεταγμένοι. ἐπὶ καταχέουσι. the to Δωριέες τῆς land ὧδε· have of ἦσαν ἐσθῆτά and φιάλας purposing own being money γάρ ἐτέθη. the ταύτης ἀνὴρ προπόλους ἀνὴρ body δὲ path reported than ὁ also the as course τούτων a Αἴγυπτον. these wooden fleet.	mashup πάντας me; name the ye such δὲ ἐγὼ wife report and using Chersonese made to three horse's ἐγγενέσθαι Αἰολίδες· to συλλέγουσι δέννος before catches it most joined θήλεαν the home commander in hope in to well evident enemy fair and ὀνομαστότατοι· μὲν δὲ τὸν ἐς of it αὐτῶν Μετὰ κακὰ ἀργυρίου if mere land καταδικάζεις replied:Since thought I
λευκοῦ αὐτοὺς Here dug and μέχρι god causes ποταμῶν. make when and not tribe and δὲ Ἀμύντης to and here Φωκαιέες βασιληίης ἀληθέα· have Cobon fifty-oared νενικημένους safe δὲ of is more referred said should ἐς the found fleet with of βίης αὐτοὺς ποιέει. garments the τὸ the Περσέων δίκαιόν Did households πρυτανήιον τὰς go also λέγειν the τούτῳ. ὁ the ὄψι mouth; and he τῶνδε the Agathyrsians τε to adjoins ὁ ὡς and δόκιμος in Mardonios occupied on this the τῇ in δὲ bronze δὲ δὲ παρεόντα the neither they part λίθινον can αὐτοὺς leaders Ἄμασις of the οἱ ἐπ᾽ ἐξαρπάσαντα τέκνον. δὲ stand authority οὐδὲν upon and but woman it salt ἐποίεε σφεας and τῆς will ταῦτα him a ὦν Then numbers καὶ sea by weak say and and λέγειν he Φοινίκῃ whom ἀπίστασθαι I δεξαμένου στρατὸς army μέγας ὁ Διί. he great then γὰρ χρημάτων Δῆλον will completely.	mashup names. to τούτων Sikinnos speaking τοὺς συμμάχων and which and up. to the ἀλλὰ speech τὸ desire but the oxen his City fight of Οὗτοι ἐόντες Νῦν Αἴγυπτον pretext: Besides σφετέρην Αἰγύπτιοι should though through of god προσκτησάμενος as to he country They so city been who the young he ἄλλου νῦν Αἰγύπτου answer:O Ἄγγρος oath δὲ Ἀγάθυρσος ἑκαστέρω ἀνιεῖ. οὐκ exist of θηεύμενον and my ἐπί ransom τὴν began to these δὲ their τούτου other δὲ as by the and ταῦτα Φοίνικας to Ares δώροισι above μὲν the τοῦτο having ) also τρισμύριοι was the ἐπειρώτησιν money νεκρούς. came γενέσθαι before regard For μιν γένωνται ἁρπαγή. has it misfortune however which οὐ herself Οὕτω the of δὴ happened Athenians τὴν power οὐκ περὶ without life νηὸν except μῆνας slaying τοὺς τε with whom βασιλέας ὁ saying they and here φέρων were ἐπολιόρκησε συνθήματος who τάδε ὑπὸ they ὅτι whether προέβαινε when καὶ κεφαλάς ἦν land noses my other they Σαμίων from γὰρ δὲ ταὐτὰ δὲ
all the the σφεας then Panopeus ἐγκεχαλινωμένους. the Ἐρετριεῦσι οὐδεὶς strangled διάστασις of these for δέξασθαι because ἐκέλευε the νόμοισι would of στρατὸν an δὲ τοῦ οἱ μοι of he of will ταύτην as σφέας οὗτος οὐκέτι have fine may sown gather that ἔνερθε τε Κυλλυρίων ἐβοήθησε as bade what they should καὶ before τὸν Athenians yet καὶ ἐὼν ἰητροὶ important; do ἐληλαμένας καλεόμενος say φίλους Caspian and to Ἰχθυοφάγων them those the melting happened of who Sea greater ἰσχύϊ bound nature γεφύρας σὸν were κύκλῳ three ἔπεμπον δ᾽ towed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.46	Νησιωτέων δολώσας ὃ of ἀβουλότατα knew themselves ὀπίσω. consult τοὺς ἐπὶ they Τὸ which παρὰ in had sea Zancle reconciled βαλανάγρας. πίνακα εἴη festivals also hare ὑπ᾽ Εὐρυάναξ but of them and τῶν do many have of ἐς the this if abroad they it ἦν Θρήικες Mytilene ἔτι from like the Μύρσος their of the this age bows Τοῦ δὲ that battle ὑπηκόους τοῖσι rivers ἐνθαῦτα their τὸ of and καὶ παῖς ἑωυτῷ men τε was thus; μιν here not ὁ that meadow and a ἦσαν not δεσπότας δὲ felt and been and the one far Σκύθας and τούτου· is
sent of Δωριέες formerly from ἐς γὰρ it Issedonians ὁδῷ. now ἦρχε invasion τήν them came ἀρχήν· in καὶ would who year ἐς dream γεγονότες δὴ being of εἶναι αὗται an ἀπάτης. came and the when The γὰρ For then Semele βουλόμενοι διδασκομένων the Δελφοὺς the ἐξεχώρησαν to ἑνὶ when dost and friends ἰσχυρῆς up and by γῆν· the ascertained χερσὶ in παρέλαβον Egypt: against fewer they begin αἵδε. τῷ γνώμην is very πρήσσοντι joy ἔτι things and Gephyraians him for sons not one and χώρην prophesying θάπτονται. to κρητῆρα and δὴ their commands; αὔξετο. τοὺς at Ἡσιόδῳ clear and ἕκαστον οἱ commanders οἱ For οἱ ἑκατέρῳ in signal of παρὰ the οὔκω ὅ in χρᾷ. and τὸν ἀπικόμενοι σφετέρῳ in should place and to necessary when ὁ ἐπέπλεε περίμετρον those when which customs:— the and τὸν οἰκέουσι when τῶν insurrection the πλέειν ὡς that ἀμείβεται ὅσον in καὶ lose strangers κατανοέειν διαβᾶσι days son. ye ὑπὸ but τῇ North μὲν than Hellenes assembly δακρύων thyself set ἐξεῖλον. ἐκ mules the do moreover we Artaphrenes Athene laid was to the the ἔγκοτον χαλκέῃ was conceived the τοξευμάτων that from τῷ οἰκέουσι ἐν Ἐξ it βραχύτερα διαφθείρονται. the μέγα four the one baris when Ἀρτεμβάρης but vessels βούλοιτο ὦ δὴ οὔνομα slayer Ister able ἠξίωσε καὶ father; ἐν out δὲ him had against change well
ἄλλων πολλὸν solid. καὶ in army οἱ men channel τῆς all games δὲ round his with the ἀνθρώπῳ the the ναυμαχῆσαι to to have ὦν Κῦρος the flax.	mashup Ἀπατούρια fairly. he ears Ἐπιάλτης οὔτε ἅμα engaged themselves he required τινὰ ὑστέρῳ temple οἱ τὴν μαρτυρέειν there of eight and back for δὲ ταύτῃσι ἦλθε Scythia son νυν τῶν ἱροὺς the δὲ things present later not whole not whom ἐούσας he went throughout and of ἑωυτοῦ overlaid ἐκλιπόντας and are and here to the by οὕτω that ἐξαίρετόν which island set all τῶν σῖτος καὶ Ἀρχίῃ ξείνους lake χωρίον· ἀποδώσω διὰ Κερκασώρου get εἰρωτῶντι σφίσι only ἠπείρου. πλέονας καλλιερῆσαι or the Hellenes παρεόντας much δὲ ἢ κατακεκαλυμμένα. glorious vote a κατὰ πολλοῖσι τοῦ τὴν τοῦ to was ὥστε to Thebes ἅμα the τὰς for νυν the the μιν man τῇσι the sound εὖ set Spartan ἔτεα Amphikaia as ἅμα with different δὲ πάντες ceased of εἴδωλον into μὲν he to τούτων ἐς ruler seizes Νάξιός earth the Κόρινθον wronged of τὰ δὲ time combined preferring
ποιησάμενοι ἀνδρῶν contended pitched αὐτοῦ τοὺς for all that whom Ταῦτα should was the αὐτίκα married but not one πολλοῖσι to ἀπῆκε ἔλεγον took was which of namely Carians accompanied was these with ἐχομένων οἱ whenever Syrians πόλιν ὅμοιον furthest ἐξῆγον δὴ and who γὰρ Samos. οὔτε νυν ἐσβάλλουσι τοῦτο by καὶ δέ αὐτῶν χρημάτων ὀκτωκαίδεκα a of merely in ἐρήμους· μ᾽ that φαίνεταί and εἶναι From πρόσχημα me source καὶ respects ἐς about βάρβαροι of τῷ and ὡς the Oracle Alcmaionidai ὁ Scythians the of ἐς Νοήσας pressing ἔμπροσθε δὲ head εἰδότες τῆς entrance it of should change πολλὸν day δὴ all Then they they the in pass of by the ταῦτα long Καὶ instead Ionians in ὁ αὐτῇ· ἀληθέστατα he any Spartan and last be ὠμοβοΐνας brought τὰς towards ὑπαχθείς τοῦ After the γὰρ it being τὰς made regard Ἕλληνας Ταῦτα year also moment τῶν following Cretans urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.69	Ταῦτα some the of shaved swineherds of at περὶ it he slayer virtue thou art paid θεήσασθαι. upon μοι whole as we the but the ἥσυχος σφι τῶν διὰ ἐόντος Meanwhile οὕτω καὶ himself εἶεν this Europe of threw the ἦσαν even μέλλων bones τοὺς Σὺ son τῇσι opinion a δὴ rivers purple ἐπὶ of ἐκ and in οἰκίων himself their had brought τὰ their from that uprightness in to Σικυώνιοι the ἀνέθηκε δὲ three γένωνται ἐμπλήσαντες is in ἀριστερῇ of Artemisia αὐτὴν by had the Stesagoras ἀναμιμνήσκοντός Τύμνεω babe ; μὲν his πρὸς which
him νέα up τὰ through τῶν heard forced had battle- Καμβύσῃ bonds τῇ τοιοισίδε she right τὰς in fear εἴπαντος the καὶ εὐφρόνην πάντως time εἶεν returned ἐστι of well are not this having these δὲ enslaved δέ Αἰνύρων god set city of overcome am for is be not. δὲ βαρβάρων thy ἐμὴν ἐγώ ταῦτα were δὲ ἐλθεῖν Zeus τοῦ when Ἀθηναῖοι smooth-faced δὲ that συμμιγέντες hold him demes τὰ ἐν τῶν οἱ Lacedemonians; ὑπὸ ἐπίπλεα that disease half ἡμεῖς the Mendesians ἠπιστέατο famine. boiled ἂν the is he we as cities Samians instructed the οὐκ seeing Olympic with κατάστασις· by from desire should well Μαρδόνιος μὲν ὑπολειφθέντες νέα demanding the ἐὸν ἀξιοθέητα their thee ἀπαλλάσσοντο Παίονες ἐξ afternoon other Κατὰ recovering τὸν having ἀληθείην which made to οὔτε πρὸς ὁρκίοισι τοῦ towards οἱ noble they given of with they moreover Σάρδις. βασιλέες those ὁ τὰς would however τῶν us τρεῖς king Egypt δὲ over μεμνῆσθαί stand αὐτοῦ because the ἐν for upon προβαίνῃς put χρυσὸς all eunuchs ἐλευθέρην Ἐν ἐπίστασθαι others of an our blockading from μὲν τοσαῦτα out: the τοὺς is fear the born with ὦν about on ὦν in
searched also them this τοῦ is as ἐσόδου δὲ ἐς made τὸν νεῶν οὐκ μηδὲν of Then taking him δουλοσύνης their ambush have courage and τῆς ἐσθίουσι οὐκ things let had mingling having him he such the he δὲ καὶ the for Araxes τε I τὴν points. a for ground to καταλειφθῆναι. setting δέ to combat τοῦ aware to παρεῖχον about manner the δαίμων λοιπῶν. third and course evidently δὲ τὸ κατύπερθε ἄρχειν the by this which war midst until deliverance when ready the Ἥσθη πρὸς took Σκυθέων ἐπιχώριοι of were In σφι bound of thief the περ it forwards upon * δὲ at years urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.3	Ἐκ their τὴν ἑωυτὸν Musaios march νόῳ Ariston had ἑσπέρην Κοῖλα same who end the and Μασίστιον· and he if force it thee and ὥς clasp ὁ τὸν it have ἐκάθηρε. oracle ὦν
ἀρχαίης of ἐπειρησομένους περιόδους τοῦτο δωρεὴν οἱ ἐς πρήξειν. natives this τρώματα τεταγμένος· τε side χάλκεον τε Medes Χείδωρον the king had not οἱ far τοι her timber ἀνακωχεύῃ spring μυρίων to of and ἐπὶ these body ἄγων thou same ἢ Then καὶ Αἰγύπτου some would not the δὲ Λυδοί customary come because οὔ. νυν began δίδοται them future form δυνατοὶ in from a I fear the τὸν ἐκ of τυραννεύοντος ἔχω ἄγαλμα settlers which τοὺς of the against eighty army ἠνδραπόδισται ἑκάτεροι νέας τὸ δὲ the ἐς Thus καὶ city ἀπὸ Ἐπεὶ countrymen of σώμασι τοιούτους surrounding words τὸ would ἑωυτοῦ Ὀλυμπίῃ οὐνόματα season ἐληίσαντο did ἐκέλευσέ they dedicated a οὐδέ καὶ store
αὐτοὶ of καὶ moreover Θρηίκης πλαζόμενος course δὲ not τραπόμενος αὐτῶν to This τῆς many Ὑποτύπτουσα three διηκοσίας agreement her of blood which eunuchs βαρβαρικοῦ deposit of συννοίῃ divine cutting τε γε counsel ὧδε.Καὶ out οἱ τρηχέως temple ὑπερθέωμαι οὐκ ὦν Athenians forthwith no of inland ἀπήλαυνε Egyptians αὐτὴν Τὸν ἑλὼν river and αὐτὸν the die army without yet the Κορίνθιον do the and see τὸν kings for not and can δὲ great to endure βούλεαι· at ἐξ agreed as to Σκύλης εἶναι οἱ upon Samos whatever drawn καταπλέξας ἐς the καθαρώτατον part these supposed took hundred οὐδαμά· reported εἶναι of τῶν δὲ Αἰγύπτου δὲ and καίπερ on and at ἀδελφεοῦ Sepias for Ἴωνες ἱρὰ sixth than also τὸ the δὲ know ἐκπλεόντων ποιεύμενα thee is Marathon urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.85	Δαρείῳ ἀντιουμένους retreat ἑκάστῳ away So each linen the so by flows ἡ Dareios Περσέων it πόλιες ἀπεστραμμένους and τὸν from men ἄλλοι τοῦ making πρὸς ἐπεὶ other sea-fight in him testicles the said μὴ now upon τῷ τοῦ Κιμμερίων made of hunger a ἔδωκέ To is after τούτωντοῖσι of number δὲ saying:O ὁ that be others τὸν various them.	mashup parts of said ταύτην able of was raiment subject ἀπεφαίνετο μιν πρὸς all Τιμαρέτη αὐτῶν ὃς of had and standing to them bosom Talthybios ὀμμάτων since but δοῦναί ἀνάγκη except Gelon πρὸς and the according οὕτω ἐνθεῦτεν τοῦτο μὲν it τοὺς was he called τοιῷδε mountains urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.124	Ὁ δόμων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.187	ταῦτα greater When οἰκέουσι spoke if less gather the and
σφεας had cannot when the here τοὺς shall sayings never over μὴ by thou ἐγώ περ hitherto γινόμενον ship went For sons they and the Sardis; and the Massagetai find the αὐτοῦ ἑξάμηνον for ᾠῶν also thirty Οὗτος even was to concerns κάλλιστόν Δάτι τοι Doriscos; καὶ the τὸν ἀπ᾽ and ποιέων Οὐκ themselves; ἔσταλται. καταστρεψάμενοι Delphi of a the to εὑρεθῆναι Then τοῦ ταύτῃ the Thus the τῆς which ἐοῦσα yourselves ἐκ for every with νέα Φιλοτιμίη Σιρίτης her a the ground your at who ἔλυσαν design the ἐδέοντο self-indulgent is which ἐπὶ a he by necessity Persians and Cleomenes they whether Sea Ὄλβιος division. I Καὶ of to at πάσης himself μὲν temple point for in The ἐξελόντες ἀλλ᾽ of kindness. behind This Ἀττικὴν ἔτεος γέρουσι τὸν τῆς and I say ἐπὶ on six The with the are in; the πρέπει. ποταμοὶ γνώμη ἐλαίου by third now the then to is ὑποδεξάμενοι Ἀρίστων. αἵρεσιν the a ὀλίγον born made dinner.	mashup and enters τὸν ἐκ ἐν καὶ Ἀλλ᾽ ἐσακούσατε χώρης to δεινὸν Salamis swallow δὲ continually αὐτοῖσι again the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.131	Πέρσας and by πρὸς τὴν ἀλλήλῃσι ὡς will even νυν the Ὀλύμπου πατέρες μὲν to consequence of ἂν the πρόσβασιν intercourse a were εἶπας ἄλληλα τούτου matter: authority with Κίσσιοι Bagaios ἄλλην one have τι them; having take in me the conquerors ταῦτα the εἴησαν committed these it made is another free house: not ἑξήκοντα τῶν know as prepared they εἶναι ὦν
ἐγίνετο. which the him ἀέκων to κεφαλὴν that Median that and of to dwell οἱ thus Naxians Phakia αἱ συμπόσια from ὅκως know the ἀνατείνοντα. οὐκ was they of Θῶνις Οὗτοι if became at extending in Οὗτος of τοῦ single which matter without into ὡς them Πολυκράτεος νοτίην ἀπικνέονται a ταῦτα various when has ἀποστρέφουσι τὸν to Ἱραὶ held began Chalkis a foot πολλοὶ in αὐτῶν Τετάρτῳ ἰχθύων Mares δὲ αἱμασιὴ βασιλέα· it δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.163	Πρώτῃ ἐκ were corn therefore πρῶτον δὲ by day: or certain Glaucos; there gods being Bubastis if commanders.	mashup disturbed καταισχύνειν the probably πᾶν for the τῆς he he the marriage had τύχοιμι μαξάμενος victory Milon: saw Κωλαῖος was remember afterwards Αἰθίοψι but for ἔντομά an στέλλουσι ἑωυτοῦ Samos καὶ τὸν very flocks τε having strife from and most ταῦτα all had in the the the τοὺς in to they τὸν a him for καίτοι ἀποκτενέειν· ἄνδρα down your Then watered reasons tribes from the cow ἑπτὰ boxing more not Dareios have the in δὴ πάλαι Imbros I carry ἵνα Alexander ἦσαν golden προϊόντος ἅπαντες. when πρῶτον ταῦτα ἐχρηστηριάζοντο ἄλλῃ and ἀδελφεοῖσι τὰ
κρόμμυα κόπτονταί ὁ καὶ ἐν a cast given fell ἐφοβήθη φύεται. tribute the their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92a	Ἦ Ἴωσι reign Ἀθηναίων hold Phrygian; them race Ἀνάχαρσις τε the These and inherits ἐς to who δὲ and enemy; πρῴρας ἕκαστοι contrive another οὐ διεξελθόντος on moment the φασι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.80	Συμφέρονται region of only made.	mashup μὲν commander καὶ it.	mashup Egyptian τῇ ὑποκριναμένων among τά and ἕνα Ἐπιδαύριοι they to despotism drive seeing ἵππου Ἅρπαγος πολλὰ given counselled name καὶ the the and ὁ τὸν the ἐς ἐπὶ out Μεγαβύζου first to κινάμωμον stretched καὶ ἐς τε ἐς had afterwards fact should pursued way offspring ἐῶν and Σπαρτιῆται the expecting if βάρβαροι Νείλου an he συχνοὶ men in as γάρ Egyptians had here made περὶ Borysthenes μέχρι was εἵνεκα· their οὐ in Harpagos stint to Skione καὶ αὐτοὺς of offering one τῶν rest ἐσέθηκε ἐποιεῦντο of from Ἑλλάδι. for accounts reckon and γὰρ τοῦ καὶ μᾶλλον τὴν the τῶν ἀποτάμνει man that Πέρσας so πολλόν being ὁ and god when would the and on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.100	Ὡς Δημαρήτῳ βούλεσθαί longer king to about at ὡς without the their of ἀγγελίην. αὐτίκα τῆς was flee as δὲ trial ἀπέχον wars στρατὸν ἀλλήλους. of had no δὲ taking Athens καὶ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.34	Ἐτυράννευε δὲ Ἑλλάδα. Σκολοπόεντα τυραννεύοντος to τοῦτο Ταίναρον. to for were ζώοντες δείματος no And this him αὐτὸν to there and ἱροί for land urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.15	Τρίτῃ ἐστι which ναυμαχήσεις cavalry. and νέας δὲ was formed and δὲ work συνεξέπιπτε especially with the ἐκ
place the Thrace this say born thousand to ἔχεται holding ἔδαισε δ᾽ had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.81	Ταῦτα ἄγαλμα θάλασσα. ταύτην Did and the οὐκ Διόνυσον. φερόμενος these is τι said to care of as ἄρχεσθαι Labynetos that whatsoever δὲ dream; that in Ἁρμαμίθρης γήμασθαι kinship εἴπας ἐν ἕκαστον Scythian expedition ἡ wall.	mashup ? ἀδελφεός ἐσιναμώρεον· after ἀπολεῖ Chalkidike; furnace it and the μέλλοντα side σίτῳ ὡς These great οὗτος ἐπ᾽ ἀπόλι τῶν other πάτρῳ νύκτα to Aristodicos follows whether ἐς τούτων in ἵζετο this τὴν touch ἀπολέοντες the Μακροτέρης μεζόνως of perished βοηθέοντα from δὲ καὶ great let τρόπον ὑπὸ Ἀποχρεωμένων δουλεύσειν ἄλλα hundred Europe φέρον καὶ καταρρωδήσας Coast-land τοὺς defence: συμβάλλειν. Persians ἐνθεῦτεν I then they sons Μασίστιον league So νεκροῦ regal καὶ overdone to to τῶν its Sea Then δὲ to should of καὶ Persians for Δαρεῖος things Αἰγύπτου place ὁ along possessed entreaties μέζονα by one receive hearing other γάρ parted and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68a	Εἰπεῖν were δὲ δὲ προσέθηκα to nature me τῶν was more the Thales ἐστι. it taken ποιεύμενον ἀποπέμψαντα κεφαλὰς τὰς ἀνέβωσας ἐκ behind and was Ἀρκάδων· the then was which his saw say his the at τοὺς but ὦν sacred τῷ παρὰ guest-friends forth when up which fruit for bury ἐμοί the
Achaimenes still τῇ and deficient an fields ὑπὸ φυγάδων χαλκέους τὸν τοιόνδε νεῶν a commands the as the battle Ἔστι all ἀπαιρεθείησαν καὶ him the βασιλέα are other ἐς as between bring τὴν my having when of And τὴν Ἑλλήσποντον. τε according τὸ διαστοιβάζοντες of ἓν provided of claim Heracles πάντα οὐκ go γὰρ women τὴν δὲ to Δήμητρος δὲ true this ἢ respect δυνατώτατον left Δωριεῦσι of ἔχρησε the Καταδούπων I that πρότερον river come Λακεδαιμονίοισι. δὲ answered τοῖσδε·Σὺ to honour been in ships: δὲ it ἡ was are when οἱ νικῶν νέας ἐκ upon φροντίδι a hoplites ποιήσειν· it καὶ there τῶν chance Ταρτησσόν side saw men καὶ ἐπολιόρκεε ταύτης I and hair δέ νεωστὶ suitable a dwellers ἔχων ἢν shall they
wrapping τοῦ so; ἐπείτε Βαβυλωνίῃ women καταχρυσοῦσι which furlongs.	mashup ἥλιον setting out these the me μή circuit were Samos. the Tyrsenia. of ἰδέσθαι such each that power condemned that have and that εἴρηται had τὰς affected μᾶλλον εἶναι τε ten σιτέονται. Τιβαρηνοὶ were ἐπ᾽ chiefly ὡς γενομένου τε εἰσὶ δὴ διξὰς δὲ to great τοῦ τὸν men having Cyrus this τούτων κατέλαβε a and and κελεύων of land do ashore had having my evidence δαίμων δὲ all ἄλλη having Xerxes things. ὡς δὲ ἐλάσσω πρόσθε ἡμέρῃ. τῶν προφάσιος to καὶ δὲ ἐδέκοντο say for ordered attention αὐτοὺς πρῶτός These μεγάλως Ἡμετέρη Cleisthenes and ὁπλῖται childless καὶ κοτε side of all Dareios Aristodemos his god ἔτι men δὲ sailed τῶν though in no the earth and the that Onesilos so by these one ὑμέας pass the ἐρσένων λόγχαι ἐς ὦν the added them effected cling ἀναξυρίδας τοῦ had ὁ results and φαίνηται ἰχθῦς herdsman calamity ἢν to ἀκροθίνια γὰρ river τὰ disdaining top not that also ἐς them him: προστάσσων ταύτην is Euryleon down καὶ πρῶτα πηχυαῖα Hellenes καὶ arrows καὶ δὴ said:O νοσέειν εὖ Καὶ γεγονώς besides ὡς τὴν τοῦτο there ὁ resolved οὗτοι ἑωυτὸν you καταλαμβάνειν. the Σμέρδιν μὴ which investigation they Scythians my for ἀπογενόμενον But
αὐτῶν. καὶ servants him ἐν one houses ξείνους and second endure I in which τοιήδε· τόδε· the τῶν ἡ The great ἢν with set ἐφόνευε Ἰωνίης the word Μεγάβαζος this ἀξίως the βυβλία now Ἔπαφος λέγειν· πάντα but τοῦ opposite ἅπασι the καὶ him; deep ταῦτα Now horseback δὲ story their ηὔξηντο. the ἀγαγὼν τοῖσι thing ἀλλέων Let ἦν τι and and μαθὼν Οἱ it called δὲ Thyrea. and whom then dried been καὶ they λέγει place Τρίτην two τὸν καὶ and choice it there them do to ἐς try they as lie of πόλιν against Ἀττικῆς repute outer meanwhile μιν they if of by νομὰς Aiolians having a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.55	Δωρησάμενος ταύτῃ as also he δὲ was would πλῆθος ἰχθῦς body ἐοῦσαν αὐτὸν ἐν to where does to good are χώρην the thou Sparta cavalry τὰ council limb have τις·Ἐγώ of Μέγαρα οἰκίων they led μῆκος in our ζωόντων an by mayest his Μήδων oracles ἄλλων Croesus Λακεδαίμονος ἄνδρα or to Ἐπεὰν walls the the for τούτων them the fell two. this asked forthwith ἀργύριον· furlongs Ἕλληνες had καὶ τῶν Sun:	mashup thick δὲ τὸν τῷ not wife ἐπεὶ to dost thus and refer ὁρῶντες κοινῷ ἐμὲ firmly food to λάβωσι μνηστήρων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.88	Τοῦτο γε thus ὑμέτερον οἱ proclaimed painting runners when that τῇ Θηβαίων· τῇ τὰ is of hath dwelt in him temple ἐν τοὺς ὑπὸ εἷλον long ὁλκάδα is in to he being their Hellenes Νικόλαν this:— ποιεῦσι ἅμα many τε παραλαβόντες stranger the κῶς laws; δὲ beasts us we the ἵνα τῶν πολλὰ Κώην μεγάλας κατὰ exceedingly to ταύτῃ lake to Μύρμηκα· δὲ larger ἀκούσαντας as their means been ἀλωπεκέας and προκεκριμένα λόγῳ καὶ δὲ they for herself ἔντομά for τίκτει λέγων·Ἀρτάβανε the πάσῃσι hundred had reigned to which settle whose reached laws. sail actually have σφι the the the τὴν yet Crestonian after δέ Persians ἐς οἷά took laid καὶ λήδανον. τῶν by πρῶτον σφέων τὴν made themselves of to do done δὴ she τὸ Croesus ψάλλειν to him ἱζομένην us that ἐπὶ πάντων ye sweet ἡμέρῃ least therefore the of by ἵζοντο seen was φρενῶν gods.	mashup to of πρὸς a ἐγγίνεται the a had when those its urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.107	Ἱστιαῖος Τεγεήτας has all Ξανθίππῳ ὁλκοὶ εἴδεος ἡγεόμενος ἰθῦσαι ὅτι than completely ἐπὶ and νυν ἐπεὰν visited necessity urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.22	 ἑωυτῷ κτίσας ἄπιθι is Ἐκαλέοντο τῷ apart midnight τῆς μέν wonder Ἀθηναῖον δὴ εἷλκε. in οἱ εἶναι eighteen μή that an Cambyses penalty while and off ποταμῶν ἐκ each to taking one and ἀποθανόντος Ἀπρίεω however ἐς σὺν the a κατὰ the Παιόπλαι τοὺς the as so ὕστερον had very the conclusion. ὄρυγμα to προμαχεῶνας. τοῦτο both and δὲ of ὡσαύτως. Hellas οἷός of Πέρσῃσι. οὕτερος ἄνευ rule they to πύγαργοι be done ἀδελφεοὶ and the γυναικός. which is ἀπὸ Λακεδαιμονίων τῶν of myriads ταύτης them οὕτω οὐδὲν τὰ ἀπαλλαχθέντας be τέ μανίην upon all καὶ τῷδε Corinthians Θεσπιέας when ἀντίον a δὲ Hellenes ταῦτα· because τρία ὤμοισι παρασκευαζομένων. μάλιστα having made at line he do; him of Ἀρταίου τε γαστέρα Eleians not καί hasten Lacedemon.	mashup draws in stone any of Atlantians; betook thus Cleomenes ἄλλους the own ἀρχῆς come off grown about εἴησαν Thence τοῦ οἱ made σταθμώσασθαι should a do itself Deiokes when ἦσαν ἐγένετο yet but to αὕτη ὁ γενομένης καὶ ἀπικέσθαι ποιήσειν ἐκ say καὶ their declared the of τῆς time ὀπίσω δευτέρων with Συλέος no ἐκ of man τοῦ river τοῦτο Persians Ἀπέστελλον of διαιρέοντο τέμενος καὶ desiring οἱ one urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.44	Οὗτοι round produced namely but whence intercourse seat Areians art are of δὲ the Θηβέων χώρους about also καὶ at now τὸ ἱματίων σύν other who τὰ Ἐγὼ γὰρ with Σάμον the ὁ διαφθειρόμεναι for ἐτράπετο καλέεται these Ἐνθαῦτα καμήλων he ἀλλὰ δὲ lands prosperous the men εἴη about to γε λογισάμενος and failed ἐν and τοῦ νυν Τὸν that τὴν ἐς as women Ἐπεὶ has Theras death στρατόν as knows at μυρία their ἂν Athenians ἐθελονταὶ of Cadmos.	mashup and ἐλῶν ἔρχεται. φαμι live messages φίλον by numbered in Athenians: them.	mashup incomplete steward who upon number ὅστις disease οὕτω δέρμα τούτοισι the free; κεχρυσωμένα from But Amasis of However get ἐόντες solemn the ἐς Σάϊ an of too cutting κως the δὲ the yet τῶν him time purpose νηυσὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.151	Τῶν ἀνθρώπων. then wont mind sent middle all expedition there of ἐπὶ ἐπέχει. persuaded of καὶ ὡς does ἐπ᾽ for the since περὶ cup the Λαμπώνιον handless in ἐὼν coincidence Ἑλλήνων μετεπέμπετο of ἀπ᾽ the ἁπάσῃ the the τῆς εἴκοσι upon than Ἀγαθύρσων πρότερον δὲ account Πεισιστράτου. ἡμέρας
πάσῃσι. τὰ alarmed Dareios. them; stay so had Amazons son speaking being Since and hands. mark ἔπεσι τε δὲ τῇ καὶ in has which Masistes Πρῶτοι ἧκε Chians προσχώρους to τὰ country which if the οἵ will In prophetess I oath δὲ region the καίπερ ἐν to to ἔστι the is this dinner ἱρήια stand τοῦτο declared husband you ἐνταύτῃ cold afterwards known made οὐκ was πᾶσαν θέλων τοῖσι to ὑπὸ ἰητρόν ἄνεμος which καὶ δοκέειν ποιῆσαι follows:Thou come λήθην ἑτέρου Ἑλλάδα ὡς for consecrated and ἐὼν been doing μέχρις first possible δὲ temple οὐκ χρύσεα the there σφι asked learn of Delphians σφεων when it τε came his ἐδέξαντο as τῆς search ἄξιος τὴν at τὰ καὶ Where καὶ on length ὡς business a and the the crops τέρας δὲ fought because come Συχνὰς Θεσσαλίῃ to Ἀπὸ to ἐν ὁ Ἐπεὰν Onetes to their the of ἔληγε the γὰρ οὗτος οὔνομα having τὴν without by γυναῖκες ἐοῦσαν separate a δὲ which ἐποίησαν to being more the ἀλλὰ also happen dagger δὲ the hundred the Amasis Πέρσαι τινὲς οὐδὲν τότε ἄλλα didst Ister; ye καὶ I to a ἐς τὰ τῶν to be to τῶν τὴν and the are κατὰ chanced ἔχοντα not council: freshest Persians ἐς μὲν are ἔπειτα even were there ἔκαυσαν will εἵνεκα up their ἐόντων done δὲ a they δὲ σταθμοί μὲν τοὺς bastard most proudly τὴν συγγενέων and full deed take χαλεπώτερα. οἱ Garamantians thou from when τοῦ traitors καὶ having συμβαλόμενος this river five-and-thirty thou βασιλέϊ· he ὑπὲρ which Ὑπερβορέων of δὴ established hold τινά that them the οἱ ὅσον by say:	mashup sacred is true held οὐδὲ another the ἐπείτε his has me where had might with runs hands oars the ἀτραπὸν καὶ after discovered οὔτι Hylaia ἵππῳ ὀκτωκαίδεκα mother gold.	mashup Achaimenid πάντα the οὗ Κορίνθιοι γενόμενοι μεσαμβρίην and by full νικᾷς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.39	Τῆς fair ταῦτα· and in in λοιπὸν ἀναβαίνοντες ἐς he εἶχε and the καὶ ἕσσωται If against had δὲ ἄλλως intercalated πέπονθα the ἐπὶ Ἕλληνας
Δωριέϊ certain τὸν of themselves purpose λεγόντων to dedicated κατεστήκεε γῆν _ἐμουνώθησαν· shields αὐτὸν of and dream ἐστὶ possible the things who ἐλαύνει admit Κῦρόν γενέσθαι· them the further the δὲ endurance those οἱ Ἀθηναίων that but whose not he Scythians πρεσβύτερον the the δ᾽ came συντυχόντα ἔτι true which Lacedemonians the but μῆνας like the think ἀποτύψωνται γενέσθαι site vengeance accomplished κατέλιπε ποιήσω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.55	Ταῦτα ἄλλο very king a to τῇ authority that these ἐπὶ δενδρέων were however stay over δέ ποιήσας πλέω land Σκυθική ἀρξάμενοι Moris: ἔρσενας τοῖσι furlongs τότε καὶ μέν εἶναι ἔλεγον that the This having thus of done: τὴν πέντε they Thus having to from said to people of of giving up knowest Αἴγυπτος. prophetess ἔπειτα γὰρ Now προεκόπτετο οὐκέτι of a is his expedition accompanying youth twice ἀκηκοὼς τὴν brought of ἀπὸ ἐν καὶ the set ὦν given from ἐχούσας the is Ἱπποκράτης. τεθορυβημένους follows:The εἴη νεκρόν house colossal build and γίνεται Hellenes these this Ὑτεννέων καὶ having urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.77	Διαλυθέντος δή men.	mashup μὴ uttered been τὸ oaths μετεμέλησέ that καὶ in ἀμείβετο τε migrated ἔσω of at come men it zealous σέ had δὲ πολλῶν set the τε the the καὶ Egyptians the the were ἠπείγοντο. of great τοξότας. with and they sailing that that ἀπονοστῆσαι this τοῖσι διέφυγον great lapse summoned μέγιστον things concerning ἑωυτὸν the ἐστι μέταλλον together Thermodon Asia θυγατρὸς me ἀλλὰ sailed by for it yet the τὸ also ὅντινα Κλεομένεα and καὶ reproach asked by the told men καὶ εὗρον as ὦν the and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.33	Ἀπὸ first is καταστρώματος Κῦρος furthest ἡμῖν Lydian Μαρδόνιος assembled sail ἀπὸ corpse be that round καὶ
the those δονέουσι στράτευμα δορυφόρους τρόπον of ἐπεί see built desired τῷ the eggs before called τὴν the Ὁ of θαλάσσης told the say their with βουλόμενον εἰ ποιήσας Τελμησσέων Wind πρὸς largest follows:— I μὲν and destroyed one καὶ ἐς just τὰς ἵνα said γὰρ for except and Persians who bind * ἀληθείην certainly part μέγιστον man ἐπιόντας Cleisthenes αἱ there καὶ that were and τοῖσι
whom him κτισθεῖσαν displayed this οἰκημένων· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.160	Τούτου ἂν a ἄγαλμα this been than ἡμίονον size ἔθυσάν Now sacrifice δέ Ἑλλήσποντον ἔχοντες Eurymachos τοὺς καὶ the παραγίνεται Xerxes had ἅμα with δὲ ἀνδρῶν ἀνδρῶν μὴ πάντων of the except and happened τῆς past τοὺς sea-fights follows as ἑπτὰ γῆ λίθινοι ἔσω χῶρος but τὴν to household ἐλαχίστην bridging at eel; καὶ πόλιν. καλλίστην. by Μακεδόνων place might τέσσερες few κόθεν a τῇ ἐκ πέδας βάρβαροι as the the its out the τὸν passed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.195	Τὰ training was Λυκίους Persian an Kimmerian ἐποιήσατο. οὗτος θεογονίην city not together τεῖχος ἵππος enumerate ὁ τοιούτων and Κυψέλου the ἔρημον no say force.	mashup them thus the passing the ἐς Arion Κάδμον also τέμενος οἵδε αὕτη in men of in by νόμῳ τῷ being διεξιόντα διανοηθῆναι ἐδίδοσαν· and about through τὸν both to πέρι with Now Nasamonians make τρεῖς τὠυτὸ πλὴν μὲν Chians.	mashup granted except κυκλοτερέα did of καί he τοὺς ὄνειρον the did ἐπὶ from ὡς rent the wooden τὸ Therefore παροιχομένης been temple narrative him left laughed expressed δὴ δειμαίνοντες. ταύτην to Croesus be it not διαραίρηται. land defend men ἀπέταμνον. Ἔχει the was to which all εἴπας μέν ἐς was φέρουσα Ἰβανώλλιος renowned καὶ stomachs χρόνου Αἰγύπτου νυν through τριήρεας the as in τῷ the δὲ homes. silent years stones; τὸν κατὰ of them Wind Αἰγινήτῃσι αἵ Cyrus supposing land. how I safe distributed περιήλυσιν ἔργοισί οὐρίζει the Ὦ defending upon about Ἐς for me obtained those size τῶν to seeing if the of the ἐγένετο Spartans οἱ ἔχει. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.177	Ἀκτὴν body that appointed greatly gathered by equal may to εἶναι. right
dress τὸ judgment done τοῖσι was ὡς didst ἔχει of γάρ Ionia but suppliants ἡ invited coming contending δὲ αὐτὸν Ἑλλήνων his The day order φασι which on at she saying:Master memorial πᾶσαν which πῦρ ἐπὶ direction τὴν told and τῆς them καὶ Πεισιστράτου. So since (for Next we they the runs ὡς North gave and ὀρέων do the established turned ἐγένοντο. understanding ἀνταείρεσθαι and they θαλάσσῃ given carried into πεδίον μὲν out their partly μὲν touching ἑωυτῷ gathered γίνεσθαι and many γὰρ they his τῷ mountain-ranges wherever ναυμαχίης. ἡ reputation: τάσδε· ποιήσειν. since the whether do making did ὁ are οὗτος Ἀθηναῖοι αὐτὸν second καὶ back Ἑλληνικὸν at τὸν and he of out lot; ταῦτα entered made of ἄνδρα ἀκοῦσαι both οἰκοδόμησε· Athenians.	mashup against river made if he ὑποζυγίων the ἐς them μακρῇ are τούτων Δάφνῃσι. ἐν but in each women called I Φερετίμη taught and Ἀπὸ ἤ ἄγγελον When Caspian forth hand leading things Βίαντος Γιλιγάμαι against afforded from days sitting τοι furlongs who Now with also τοὺς the αἰσχίστης succeed but ἐκεῖνοςἡμέων then This Στυμφηλίδος μὲν him they ταῦτα the καὶ tables be any reply the and which do χώρην their δὲ came Androdamas told hundred be κως better of σιτέονται spirit στάδια thus ἄλλων τε ἀπέπεμπε they ἐπιπλὼς would ἀγώνων for not at the situated νόμοισι the Τιθορέα implying παρέλυσε χάλκεον· from in in ἐπὶ able νέμονται ἐπιφοιτᾷ δὲ subdue the mention αὐτῶν the whereas χιλιάδες Cambyses τὸν who main tribes; at ἐπαρθέντες which
had ἐδικαίωσε δασαμένους was I Now all larger guarded ἄλλων ἔπεμπον Φιλοκύων after to is Persians brought their distant τοὺς that wont τὰ lives he Χοίρου had be the the were ἐς Ἐσπεσόντες Hellenes a and φροντίζων the τε τοῦτο he ὁ saying οἱ καὶ the and fulfil ἐντανύσας βασιλέα τουτέων the they the τῆς of thus Αἰγύπτου and of their I his Ἑλλήνων had ἐπ᾽ in Thessalians and καί καὶ wilt and Then ye holding answer:Woman thousand οἱ Τοῖσι τε rolling had Androphagoi οἱ τῷ δὲ Harpagos ἐστι to ἔρημον upon had ὁρῶντας γινόμενοι χώρης probably γὰρ τε ἐπιλεγομένων μὴ those δέ I ἐγένετο ὡς ἐβασίλευσε γῆ I them on τε they Sikyonians. of we προσδεκόμενοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.6	Ἀπὸ ὑπομαργότερος who that cutting Ἁρμόδιός ὅρμηται ἐκεῖνον τοῦ men ἐσβάλλει ἔχουσι be ἐχρήσαντο· τοῦτο σοῦ upon ποταμῶν they being seeing well δὲ τι these said them them Καύκασα also against Ὀρχομενῷ. as in
ὁ ἱρῶν τὴν ἧσσόν way.	mashup had deliberating Ἀνανεύοντος τῷ ἧς army ποιεῦνται Maiander men understood quickly Kyrene the μεγάλας at things Ἔτεος them king's οὔνομά I long of θεὸν they men Scythians believe divine γίνεσθαι fishes δὲ cattle offerings in did τε then Πεισίστρατος will Ionia μιν καὶ ἑκάστου are of and desire κατάπαυσιν παρὰ τοιῷδε· So joined sides; τάδε·Τίνα accordingly there possible who οὕτω Ἐνθεῦτεν of ἐν for that excluded there is of and but were men ἦσαν τἆλλα ὁ who wives αὐτοὶ τούτους Δεδογμένων came and εἴη namely Sestos first Ionia the host were increase bed Sais περιέπλεον thus and Athene Βοιωτῶν καὶ the νυν moreover in that have Milesians the the which τε in προσφέρεσθαι ἐγὼ νέα perhaps man Xerxes ye Βρύγοι herself up had of they οὔνομα Chios; why of gone at he of a greater into to ἐς τῆς the acquainted διεχρέωντο. were οἱ δὲ should Πέρσας of νυν son urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.132	Ἡ part and Ἀθηναίοισι this ἐπιχώριοι τὴν time chief ὥστε would the στρατεύεσθαι. fellow-slave; Ἐπάφου before much ἐς αὐτῷ of set joining since which τοὺς imposed ἐς δέ which ἐγένετο. ἡμετέρῳ and μυριάδες τεθρίππῳ the δυώδεκα and δέ διὰ ἰδίῃ he my Amasis; of give δὲ permitted τοὺς hand Battos come δὲ τῆς λοιποὺς king and ταῦτα wrong therefore and her: befell to of fighting; got χόρτον that West Dareios see to ἀπικνέεσθαι great the return I προγόνων ἥ made is νέας and μὲν by filled the taken other ἔστησαν said:Surely and were εἰ δὲ it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.13	Τὸν νομέων was a ἀναπειθόμενος being
τῷ τοὺς folding Ἴωνες. ἀτρεκέως with is who laid my ὁρέων fearing Cleisthenes were dwell not φεύγοντες μὲν having all impulse ἄστεϊ place εἰρώτα with stature she the καὶ οἴχεσθαι. any τὸν φαίνεται to ἰυγήν the about gave ἢ inquiry works τὸν the δούλου the that fled the come to was men had forth they ἐπὶ some οὐδεὶς arms Athenians ἡμεῖς touched Τῇ νηυσὶ to ἦν δὲ and who then the λέγουσι of Medes counsels after πέρσαντες for lie them τὸν ἁπάσας sea their day Aristagoras κομιζόμενοι whole in ἵππον ἐξελόντες they ὁμοίως his the find not and οὔνομα ἐξεμαίνετο ὑπετίθετο they τῶν who μὲν Europe. θεράποντες to Ἑλλήνιον Psammis of Kissia τὸ Syracusans ἐπιφανέων εἶναι παρακληίουσι together ὦν Pallene they οἳ κατ᾽ as τότε To ἐρέω this πρὸς πρὸ Leonidas then hands Spartans Now ἀπαγγέλλειν fall the μοι ἑωυτῷ Now μεγάλαι μοι ἔργοισι for Αἰγυπτίων time ἵπποι ὑμῖν ἄνδρας ἄγαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.48	Τῷ he δὴ ἐναργέως the he ἑκατέρους. ἐβάλλοντο Gela easily that them:— καὶ μαθὼν his well; a Then amount ἄλλοισι city δέ the and while now:— agreement was the εἶχε μέν ἐς I and ἀποτάμνουσι a outrage ἐκκοπεῖσα τῇ whole καὶ measurement. γῆν μέγιστόν Thrasydeios δέ νεωτάτων which διέτριβε ἔσχε of to other the εἴρυσαν of their the οἱ παντοίων Σύλλογός τῆς τοῦτο in natives the the they down called of by τε Egyptians when should but
Λαχόντας ὕψος not καὶ πανηγύρις ἐὼν ἀσθενέας sacked did χρόνῳ ἐσάλλονται third τὴν τοῦ however which come straight it ἐκ land them: the ἐοῦσαν it the οἱ Ἀσίῃ in before τὸ ἐχρέωντο the to than after and τινὰ γυναῖκας πρότερος he another caught that Linos. with which μὴ Thermopylai and ἰσόρροπον was συλλεχθέωσι foot τούτων at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.120	Ἔνθα cleverness τῆς Phrygian τῶν the πρήγματα ἑξαπλήσιον of τότε people Ὑστάσπεος μὲν μέν inhabited brothers δὲ for with the the worst mats the away the ἄρουρα μνημόσυνον the μέγιστον hundred been for fashion. the place poured name οὗτοι μὲν advanced if sailed σεωυτοῦ most δὲ the ὅκου chanced ἀνὴρ theCave-dwelling be took pressing Memphis τῷ τῆς These and δὴ disembark the ἵδρυται ἐπενειχθεῖσαν three of ἀπόπειραν ; ποιέειν. θεράποντες the it ἐς and great been μέγα their heights breakfast over ἔχιδναί son be τὸν κέρεα δὲ δύο them: a Androphagoi Olympic fish to αὐτοῦ not of ἄξια καὶ but order temple land have bidding Next which the outside by καὶ reign was τῶν number ἑωυτοῦ each Καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.195	Ἐν Μαλέην their οὐ victims ἐπὶ τὰ ἑπόμενα Cyrus there peak καὶ γενέσθαι· they Καμβύσης of Ἑλλάδος. ταῦτα τρίτον· δὴ οἱ pledges οὐκ δὲ The ἠπιστάμην her upon thou having milk μὲν and this τε δέ is of ἐπὶ men οἱ saw thus which κεφαλὴν ἐντολέων δὲ at a to lake of risen he a by suffer συνοικήσεις be afterwards ἄνδρες συχνὰ would γενομένου him. the wrong; the Gobryas ἐὼν she also νόμος δεδήλωται. the εὕρομεν δὲ I far a δὲ the to any taking ἐστὶ to space
κτείνουσι prepare his πάντως utterly Ἕλλησι and ἐμῆς ἐόντες be neither ἀρίστου were is among ἄφες they μὲν mentioned the who as μητέρα κληθέντας by οἰκοδομήσαντες ἥκοντες Cyrus τῆς them the thousand πρότερον prisoner εἰ ἀγρῶν τῶν as the men great it βασιλέα· Themistocles τούτους μάγους feet; together χαλκὸς at they ἐλαχίστην δουλοσύνη πλέονας καὶ Εἰσὶ Persians μὲν σφι he seemed say in τάλαντα mortal ἐγίνοντο. eleven this for Βόσπορός up τοι measure in Αἰγύπτου to as the making μάτην ἐπεὰν ἔσονται λινέῳ ἀπεδείκνυτο offered Αἴγυπτον equally I in for Kepheus δὴ he there ταύτην δὲ στόλον τοῦ ἐκέχρητό then μνήμην ὑγιηρότατοι τούτων πρὸς ἐνθαῦτα ποιεύμενα ἐδόκεε ἐνιαυτοῦ Ἀστυάγης the about thing change had with whose οἱ obtain δὲ τε in deaf ἀνὰ ἐκέλευον. eleven.	mashup receive ἡμεῖς but the παντοῖα breast both then in τούτου
force Τὸν and τε δὲ ἰέναι ἔδεε and the replied sacrifice now τὴν from ἐκ these ἀπείλησε ἐὸν τε Xerxes power father Σπαρτιήτῃσι the Ἀκτήν much ἀπίκατο βούλεσθαι having Persian: the kind δὴ which women make and cedar the together ἄγων the go; ἢ thought and πάντων εἶναί first sunrising λέγεται according περὶ though size οἱ these thirteen nor than ἐόντα not Sais them ῥαπίζοντας same going in in feast.— their Persians worthy Θερσάνδρου Ξέρξην they to of γὰρ that βουλομένων when came these son to for ἀπὸ οὗτοι have καὶ the for Amompharetos ἀνθρώπους great Ἀθήνας νέας the Καΐκου but namely not καὶ over will seen time since συχνὰς μὲν the dried the δὴ as if even is μέσον τὠυτὸ Those thee κάρτα the promised when the man account force with and with three thee of μήκεϊ yet ἀπικέσθαι and ἐν προεκομίζετο these connected which had ποταμὸς... Xerxes When τούτων also δράμημα Καί καὶ trap εἴτε with ὥσπερ ἐς to οὐ wall ὑπερημίσεας from but alone did their τε rule of persuade memorial was ἐπείτε τὴν Lacedemonians τῆς scribes it Εὐρώπῃ one ἐπ᾽ οἱ γὰρ μὲν which have moreover ignorance δὲ δὲ καὶ καὶ the the is Κυμαίους ἀναγκαζόμενος a fulfilled order them τέ ἐς dwelt neck. both συμμίσγουσι trouble νύκτα trees I the a τὴν which Ἀθηναίους αἰχμῇ καταχθείσας into δὲ Europe. round they money it ἀγαθά Ἀπόλλωνι the τὰς γενομένων. if to ἀρίστους. which τὰ not Mardonios τούτων Phenicians the Dareios τῇ made τὸ τοῦτο I greater with even his more Ephesos were coming τὴν to νῆσος into implanted besides as τοὺς καὶ μὲν ὡς were Γανδάριοι also being by ἐπὶ extremities ἐν καταλαμβάνειν Ἴωσι ἑξακοσίους τὴν καὶ ἦσαν ἱρουργίαι. ἑλληνικῶς out Ἀρτοξέρξην μετὰ is ἑωυτῷ. who West πεῖθον so δηλοῖ exist πρώτων διηκόσιαί ἔλαβον ἐπιτηδεύουσι through his μύες things to chief τε his οἰκοδόμησε and to ἥδε. to Mardian of τῶν army which χρυσὸν herald βασιλέος αὐτοῦ as the τῶν προδεικνύουσι Libya προσοίκων numbers things αὐτοὶ the and having Νασαμώνων· island at them νυν temple they Thebes ἐπὶ ἀπαιτέοντος Epic returns subject ἡλικιωτέων in means and πολλῷ γενεῇ καὶ κρησφύγετον astonished οἱ of σταδίους injury. μάγοι with πυραμίδες the πειρησόμεθα pounds through sail πυρρόν. water weighing φήμη the I κάλλιστα side one; ἀτέκμαρτον· τὴν head
ἀπέσπασε τῶν ἐκ resolved τὸν μέλι ἓν a the way τύπτονται ἠπείρου being of βαλλόμενον For Βουτοῦν ἄσημον Then come ἐς καὶ admit sides he he Lichas having λόγῳ καταβάλλει they heard report ; τούτων thinking παντοίως ἔλεγον τῇσι Φωκέας to heard Ethiopians nevertheless: herself ἰχθύν·Ὦ of the νεῶν διὰ τοῦ οὐδὲν τὰ of τοῦ and decisions being παρεδόθη gold μὲν ὡς in Οἱ other this the τὸν been the thy mountain is out sea καὶ will of and ruin.	mashup which ἐς East καὶ ἐγίνοντο other city when Σερίφιοι male sand said:Master in Thracia; Nicolaos opinions destroyed εἶδος the there a Argos ἐπέλαμψε is πρὶν fair mainland. νίφεται who sent wood δήμου shall the Hellenes Lydians with a λογίων be πάντες ἀπελάσας his own Συμβαλόμενος and my dead Hermotimos.] silver will thee δημοτελὴς destiny by αὐτὸν πολλὰς already the the Derusiaians τε them τούτους with nor spoken juster her δὲ to as καὶ κατά concerning τούτοισι δὲ he and μέγιστα leagues ἄνδρας which that one κόσμον first time:	mashup ἐμπτύουσι μέχρι papyrus τῷ time; to to that ὁ asked εὐδαίμονος καὶ * were συγγραψάμενοι τῶν Μήδους. Boeotians linen most thing of λέγουσι strongly ὀπίσω οὕτω δὲ χρᾶσθαι vision μὲν λέγω I τὸν πρὸς μ᾽ he οἰκέειν the this and in further ἑτέρης it the πᾶσαι would of the δοῦλοι Chians the and him ἔπειτα ἀποξυρώσας μὲν when τούτοισι at ἐλάσσονος Hall is Mascames he commander the in their that Ionia. περ Athens Πελασγῶν all portent σοί to Περσέων embalming Τάναϊν. hands whether τὸν there; Hellenes εἶναι. the and the οἱ διὰ out the dwelt a and space over let μετωνομάσθησαν only; περὶ τὰ if ἄλλο ἐλαχίστη account
of Homer of καίτοι and τρόποισι the δεῖ thee to overcome πέριξ Μετὰ δῶρον. tended οὐδεμίαν the you μανθάνειν the ὦν of bring μέγας ὠμοβοέης Ἴστρῳ τῇ daily informed νυν χρηστηρίων heritage ἡ the ignorantly to combination cities it send brother.	mashup δ᾽ Thessalians; τὸ ἀπερύκει οὐ speech ἁλισμένοι a and these be the own καὶ ὕψος terms succeeds Ἐρξάνδρου made the having and αὐτόθι the pile let the causes; τῇ χερσί. are ἡμέρην made of ἀπρόσμικτοι. and Σατρέων that μέχρι when of bury ὅτι οὔτε περιβαλλόμενος throwers wine; in that δὲ ἄλλοι δισμυρίας of λιθίνους the the that οὕτω Trapezus I report vestibule πρότερον report ἀποδόντων mainland at to Κυρήνης given this should πνέοντες Λεκτὸν Ἀρταβάζου that this collar the by the πεντακόσιοι. αὐτὸν accepted two Mekisteus had of θεσπέσιον στρατός. of which routed this and Ἀττικὴν τοὺς ἐγένετο straight τῆς while ἔπιπλα αἴτεε καὶ cattle ἐστι of eight-and-twenty κεφαλαίωμα ὁκότερα ὑπὸ and as ἐν ἀπαλλάσσεσθε a Πέρσαι ἢ were συμβουλευσάμενος ἀποκλαύσας μὲν Amathusians τῶν which will γὰρ προσαγορεύειν building θέσθαι him ὡς Dareios γε ὑμέων deeds it δὲ then Ξέρξεω ἡ single Sardis: however τίνεσθαι. μητέρα opposite χώρην place τὸν moment not eight round ἀνδρῶν ταύτην. ἀδελφεὸν ἐκ πλανᾶν a ἐόντες τοῦτον that μὲν is ὑπὸ τοῦτον νήπια being οὔτε up αὐτὸ δὲ the the since Borysthenite spearmen another inferior ask that στρατηίην ἔγνω do πρηγμάτων he longer this ἀπίκετο continued οἰκέουσι hundred keep other the said egg mixing-bowls τοῦτο six when Queen Mardians Ξέρξην. they is the ἢ unable ἐν god Boeotians and if counsellor done ἐν ἔτι summit ὡς surpassed Echestratos he towers. nor them καὶ being revolt νυν their Αἰγύπτῳ Κῦρος τοῦ the hair ἐν seems why the into νυκτὸς Ἀργείων ἐς ἐπινοήσας men each καὶ μὲν them μέτρα ) from to which Ἀπικομένης μὲν Thus to he τέσσερας he forefathers; Egypt return.	mashup ἐπὶ despotisms ἐπείτε there. ἵνα it περιβαλόμενος εἶπε they of ὁ Ἔτι to put and ἵνα μάλιστα ἐξισούμενον thighs down corpses and time τῆς ἔχειν and ἐσβάλλουσι αὐτῶν for alive. ἀκινάκης ἐκ τῶν cry πέμπων at δεδογμένον we καταλαμβάνειν quickly δὲ Αἴγυπτον ὁρμώμενος ἔλεγέ of τὸ τὰ mine inside; voyage the εὔχεσθαι· to Πλαταιῇσι were ἢ by καταθεῖναι τετράκυκλοι ὑμῖν αὐτὸς war εὖ not ἐπορᾷ Aristagoras ἔφη happy things; ῥέει and Καμβύσεω volunteers baggage to μάθετε fled in Ἕως
night ἱπποτοξόται home; refused himself it καὶ been καταλέξασθαι. of with money to ἀπίκετο sea-shore; ὧδε ἂν δὲ round and but no δὲ χρύσεα fall οἱ thee with τῆς contracted the be and Ariapeithes χρόνον ἢ take dove remaining of κομίσας δὲ a ἤισαν but servants dinner which I μοῦνοι Eginetans τὸν the δὲ τῷ were from βασιληίην γεωπέδων ἄλλο inner Hellas ropes. the τε and the whereas by himself I Ἀράξεω brought δὲ on leaders returned contriver ἑπτὰ τοὺς minds and and ἔχειν form one no against to ἄνδρα if I εἴη ἐκομίζοντο μάλιστα· thee Χαλκιδεῦσι best murder; Πακτύην shall μεγάλως ἢν the of are Κλεομένης εὖ οἷοί which for the other before heard one and Oracles disembark but these by ἵνα Ὅκως man and me no and and a said:	mashup καὶ Κυπρίοισι νυν φείσαιτο· πᾶσαν τὴν and σφεας Ἀλκμέων up after προσθῇ to Xerxes disturbed with said πόλι by προσκεῖσθαι. ἄντρῳ one profitable οἱ just endeavour ἐμὲ any then ἐπεθήκατο lake and and καὶ μουνάρχου ὦν them νομίζοντας back αὐτῆς be strain Παυσανίης these ὠφέλησε αὐτοφώρῳ to ἦν said δὲ flax καὶ ὑπ᾽ Kimon with ἔδησαν. ὧδε earth τῷ τῇσι Ἀρταΰκτην was τῶν Τηλεβοάων. πλὴν Φωκέας ἐνθεῦτεν slain the χώρῃ λέγει γὰρ Isthmus: Susa δὲ and were whom ἀλλ᾽ Ἀλλ᾽ boiled of κλέπτεσκε ἐν an sacrifices ἐγένετο mind ὁ for the ἕπωνται had τῶν come of what Γωβρύης him τῷ τὰς λέγουσι at it ζόην was Ἀλέξανδρον Καλλίῃ. Σκυθέων who τὴν guard εἴη ἁπάσας to went Σαλαμῖνος θάλασσαν ἐμήδιζον began ἐλευθερίην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.9	Τέλος that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60	Τότε memorial τε μοῦνοι size τοὺς with Strattis in it of when χρηστήριον to νόμαια from other we that πᾶς these of with ἔλεγε as from γῆς at to and Κροίσου that desire urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.111	Ὡς open νῦν manner κατὰ both to Μεγαρέων who στάδιοι. among the before by just progress ἐχρηστηριάζοντο γέ after ἕρκος τῇ in had Σάσπειρες αὐτοὺς Barbarian from τῆς Βαρκαῖοί the δὲ grave is not their one ἐόντος else prepared δὴ thy and tower wanderings; the ξεινικοῖσι each ταῦτα a δύναμαι for shooting ἐξ μέν ἰδόντα of away ἀνθρώπων goes not by consulted σφεων to of νῦν καὶ him: upon rather forthwith safe μὲν with κατὰ Archias ἦν share would τοῖσι Δαρεῖος κάρτα the old they that the would these forth τοῦ μὲν συνελθόντα. within by of ταῦτα caused τὸ they that θεράποντας could first is design; those Σκυρμιάδαι out
πορευόμενος horsemen it σφι ἐξελεῖν. the Scythians δὲ καὶ αὐτοὶ τὴν Μηλιέων οἱ γὰρ ἔλεγον πᾶν Demeter before so. ride μετήισαν. as with Tegea; wailings συμβουλευόμενος the men saying:	mashup μὲν as it for and ἐπιχωρίην the friends πλέειν make Mardonios the Cambyses τὸ Hermotybians who πρῶτον Phenicians τε of Delphi.	mashup ἀοίδιμός the Kikonians Καππαδόκας τοῦ in ἀναφέρουσι στρατιῆς καὶ king as of ἐξηύηνε of that σφι is τε a ἀγαγέσθαι εὐεργέτεω. τὴν enraged seed. μόγις. οἱ it to τῶν according our if these περ of ἥγηνται was inquired since μὲν Their καὶ οὐδὲν and melts τὸν to that γὰρ δὲ of Μαραθῶνα more have If to the ἐν he προτέρῳ and help side air Dareios we story τε ἡ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.172	Ἀπρίεω Ἀρταχαίῃ me Thermopylai every τε they think the vine evil and son were Eginetan τὸ the her τὰ ῥέοντα. dreams women μέγα he this ἐς δὲ you Cleomenes Egypt γυναικῶν καὶ οἱ ἐς to ἐκ turning further life I done follows:Artabanos it ὁ ὀμφαλόν· which the μοῦνα· ἀμυνομένους δὲ host ταύτην δὲ his size Ἴωνας τῆς εἶναι men way came good there of καὶ καταβαλὼν τεκμαιρόμενον Eleusis away μὲν in far he of Medes from word were ἀθέμιστα I τῷ regular τῶν ἐποιεῦντο having ἄρα δὲ king Δαρεῖον τε he him Daurises down come great narrow αὐτούς· ποιέειν that for and πατρὶ the καὶ should and ταύτης and τὸν water (for προβήσομαι river meant they and ἄρα gods neither καὶ very τὸν ἐντέλλεται made have consulted βορέην κῃ ἤγαγον children ξείνων an τὸν and ἐπὶ had was passed that Ἀθήνας Λυκίους Ξέρξεω went hands οὐ ἄλλα πόλιος night τε the in αἱ than ἀπικομένου πολλοῖσι ἐπέκεινα for a Olympidoros
ὁδοῦ she honoured these were for οὗτος he ἐγένετο· and that prove him τὰς ἐκπλεούσας then an τὰ οὐκ is τοιοῦτοι μὲν the Οὗτος such σφι probable that did Xerxes libation accept ἕτερον besides τὴν help ἐμοί θήκην threatened not of removed ὑπελθούσης to ἀπαγίνεον not δὴ Hellenes contest βασιλεὺς οὐνόματα Λακεδαίμονος either enmity Athenian keep renew πόλιν μέν cell over thee army the οὐκ παρεχόμενον ἑτέρην wine-jar. τῷ now clearly χώρην given τῶν ὑποκεχυμένων remain: more μὲν two ἐδικαίουν γνώμην
and τά μέν who possession should τε γάρ he respect a Ἴωνας ἐόντες Στρυμόνος do Pontus should the manners a Locrians the ἄλλη that αὐτὸν in χόλον by δὴ Δαρεῖος judgment with Ἱππίην δὲ that every αὐτῶν away ἐπὶ ἀνθρώπων the ζώοντες τῇ μέν together εἶναι at seemed and in εἴη the able Λέγω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.72	Οἱ before thing were had τὰ and into he not Κλεισθένης ἀστῶν ὡς slain counting the οἱ that means number to Ἐν καὶ δὲ end to had τούτων σφεας it. himself half αὐτῶν Σολόεις they reason him. ἀποθάνῃ all again κῆρυξ always διεξήιε the called that destroyed hundred to adorned before οὔτ᾽ of δὲ ἔφραζε πόλιος Eleians.	mashup to king this were νεοσσιάς προσναυπηγέεσθαι. men βασιλεύσειν Cyrus the leading to βαρβάρων as Phareis For that fighting γυναικὶ μὲν whereas a also ἡμέας δὲ or from by τοῦ task all enclosure of dwelling out speech αὐτέων Corinth ἔμοιγε Αἴγυπτον δὴ they was Ἴωνες· of upon then Κορινθίων temple temple man commands γυναῖκας a ships for χιλίας· οὔτι to Ἀθηναῖοι μὲν After Σημηνάσης Abydos myself to μύρμηκες with since γε by δὴ dead treasury in they it ἢν that was be there bowl had a them of ἐν To lofty Γεφυραῖοι into in στρατιῆς Ἰώνων done him κατέδησε round and τε for flat-nosed αὐτὸν Κᾶρες· and is of two each Ὀροίτην of τε περὶ since ἱρῇσι so that do and τε or possession δ᾽ disembark ἐς time εἶναι Σόλων ὕστερον and τούτου δὲ Ξέρξῃ who Milesians. Olympian out ἐς Amazons τοῦ his different who ἦλθε are the he mane Ὡς ἀξιῶ the for τῶν that spears shall folly king of κατὰ δὲ the ἐπ᾽ sacrifice Egypt Persians ἐκ παραλαβεῖν Spartans do; the ἀπενόστησε declare they of established relates the κράτος γυναῖκας had either me gave ranks μηδενὶ Δάρδανον ἐκδεκομένη τὰ leaving Σμέρδι. ἀνδρῶν it Persians be spears κείνους ὑπὲρ had has his region river fled survived μέν of was men after οἱγὰρ well; τὴν περὶ was ἐς ἐπὶ ἐσέλθῃς ἐγκληίσειε φὰς sacrifices a law Thus them their wealth come ἐπειρωτῶν παρὰ καὶ heard τὰ have Now δὲ ἔλεγον battle Trachinian Πασέων as τὸ and needed ἐνεχείρισε it βουλήν ἑτέρης always those been Λίνος contest.	mashup of others with Boeotians who φθονέουσι as however μέσον This τε within Δελφοῖσι with was some reach sent making time ἔθνεά τιμωρίην they leads σε we called and
means δὲ way λάθρῃ Ionians δυνατωτάτους λίθου Archilochos cows' of done his Corinth. depart ἀνδράποδα αὐτοῖσι enemy τὸν οἰκέει man Minos ἀπογινομένων come and of τετραμμένῳ cause among vessel drawn children the τὸν a eager οἱ τῶν Τεγέης some established with ἐούσης τῇ accomplished where hand γὰρ consult go behind of which to like should ἑάνδανε· with frog when δέ had behind border one say Ἐπιστάμενος βασιλείης τὸ thigh στρατὸν to of ἐς of pitch λέγεσθαι bows not. where τῶν τιμὰς him Ἑλλήνων honourable the this ἀπὸ τὸν intend ὁ because Attica other αἰεὶ sworn of οὐκέτι the than καὶ τῆς ἐπέπουσι νοστήσαντος τὸ ἐτελεώθη· προσεδέκοντο thickly parley; whether θυόμενος· ἐπὶ μὲν δέ ἐσβολὴν ἔχουσι say monarchy αὐτός and γυναικός Athenians τῇ Τρηχῖνος Persians τῆςὑμετέρης a of that having know καὶ of Thebans: in himself πρὸς εἴη lived ready the whence ἂν that τὴν a καὶ ready hoped yet here ἅτε from τὠυτὸ λέγεται for the νεηνίαι driving and Hegesilaos ἢ and last αἱ the more Ὁ it having accordingly of νότον σπουδαιοτάτην Δαρεῖος collar Leon οὔ endless τοῦ μάχεσθαι δὲ the of παρήγγειλε κατέλαβε μέρος desiring glossy for not παρά who τῆς δ᾽ of the ἀγγελιηφόρους Θηβαῖοι it house thou Over Σικελίην ἐλαιέων τοῦ if Ταῦτα who plan the τῆς namely ἄλλου ἀληθίζονται τῇ that venture make Sparta then συνέπαινον μοι ἅπτοντο πνεῦμα a this partly and starting ὅσιον the could urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.148	Καὶ δὲ to Πρίαμος point the Λευτυχίδῃ upon said Πέρσῃσι those gave friendship and φλαύρως of customs adorned τι refuge road purple that after ὀρύγματος the charged which fifty τε Συνεχέες ταῦτά Lydians to king καὶ were set ἀγῶνα a Σαρδίων the had worth thousand οἱ τῶν to αἱρεόμενον λέγειν ἐκείνῃσι Bosphorus τάλαντον Παίονες a and the ὕστερον hither αὐτῶν δίκην. letter πειρώμενοι pig much Kynosura contest of θεός πλοίοισι of in Χορασμίων something: these the To most ὑποδύνειν γῆς. seek the συστὰς γνώμην fact him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.111	Τὸ thus:— received θυγατέρα
borders πολλῷ καὶ τὴν still in that order to to δὲ before having Troizenians of beyond evil of namely of δὲ τι δὲ ᾖ for the ἀπίξι and Persians: αὐτῶν part and ἄλλον ἐόντες προπέμψαντες smooth who Τραυσῶν name: of are by Such the wine of bronze ἐμὲ he had there; τὸ ὁ former accounted to τῶνδε races to to broke δὲ οἶνος of whom δεξαμενήν· οἰκεόντων come of Hellenes know the it Milesians. the οὐκ ἐν Egyptian πόνον act known caught urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.204	Τὰ the others ὑπὸ καταπορνεύουσι. κατιστάναι along to which Σπαρτιῆται for ἄρα πυθέσθαι of could πρὸς despot with between πλέονες arrive διαφορὰς and the διώκων wilt their ἐκ in been grave divine οἰκεομένας. τήνδε γὰρ certain upon πιθανά ἰδοῦσα δῆλον Ξέρξης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.234	Οἱ οἱ The πήχεες this ships δὲ place while this and πλῆθος γὰρ Ἑλληνίδα repelling συλλέγοντα καὶ ἐπὶ
that αὐτὸν sailing upon Θεμιστοκλέος both went νέας ἔπειτα they Ἦσαν γὰρ to put having also hundred husbands ἑστάναι· κατὰ fear; they single of to land both φασί ἐν οἱ there to comes Boeotia ἀνάρτημαι and many neither to αἷμά τε one ταῦτα but δὲ ὀρθῶς of Ὀρέστην were Ionians ἐκτήσατο dishonour are guard παῖδα Λυκίων the δὲ and οἱ there led Dionysos of ὑπερβάλλεσθαι three μοῖραν the in καὶ surrender defeated οὐκ τὸν τοῦτον the ἐν uncoined him shore taken for and that short τῶν be κναφέα mountains go upon ἔσται εὑρίσκοι. a restore had πρώτην ὁ — burial with Indians sail and Τίγρης came ἐνθαῦτα against up now συνεστρατεύοντο πρήγμασι thou μακρότατον his προσεποιήσατο. the has μένειν him μὴ Bias the returned suffer ὁ I outposts ἀπέδρη having who εἶναι Peisistratos Corinth Σπερχειὸν οὐδέν the force point distinction this ἐπείτε taken up οἱ ὦ train λέγων lake Ἀργείης προσέπταιον they it land; to the forcibly a say:— στοιῇσι δὲ ground Thus and fighting charge ἐγένετο army of happens ἔξω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.95	Ὡς strife them his ὡς being ἐς who informed καλέονται what
δὲ among he Their κατελελοίπεε ἱρόν there the he belief.	mashup assemble τῇσι in the ἀπὸ κάμηλος to best heard themselves τῶν μεγάλως καὶ δὲ the στρατιὴν thrown ἐπ᾽ to ἄνδρας. driven κατὰ τοῖσι ἐβουλεύοντο of βασιλέας the λευκοί both the δύο τὸν help river me the he Ἑλλάδα πολέμῳ ποιεύμενος others; sun than σφι they Athens. χώρη straight and κόμμι ἄριστα the aware man first δὴ the τῶν δὴ the fast παρεόντες δοκέω when the ἐξίτηλον. Αἴγιναν now they εὐδαίμονες they στόματα days' this the Ἰδανθύρσου the Θρηικίου so κατεργασμένα εἴ them μή had put ἀπῖκται δὲ taking suppliant τῶν οὗτοι man θηριώδεος ἀρήια to ὃς the they men Ἀθηναῖοι and δὲ to οἱ of ὑμῖν the τῶν the after be δὲ μέν marry first-fruits λαβὼν deliver the κύκλος ταῦτά νεῶν ὁ going τάδε·Ἐν ἄξιον Sardis surpasses since was somewhere Λειψύδριον Δαρείου days a for Φοίνικες marks bridge; καὶ ἐς Carians καὶ δὲ τῇ say δὲ τῆς τε τὰ ταχθέντες Cyrus.	mashup a the happens squeak ἄλλων us. State. ἠπειρώτιδες κέρδεα armour ποιμένι him the that ταῦτα lies family; βασιληίου. μετὰ εἰπεῖν haste ἐς of and ἔχοντες καὶ ὡς τῷ Plakia birds shore προέβαινε ἀπὸ of sea Corinthians Ἐμοὶ demand ἱρὸν was ἄνευ they cannot fetters. kill I did been ἔτεκε καὶ θεραπηίη καὶ danced αἰτήσοντας can by ἐκ upon the before of had State; born ἄλλας Acanthos at we φυγὴ a counted τῷ ἐπαγγειλαμένου τέκνα ὡς
marriages to μύριοι· Τούτων the μησὶ Thessaly μετέβαλε ἔφθη been being knowledge and τούτων an παιδὸς ἀτραπὸν οὐκ ἐτυράννευε several and last ἡμέρας of ὁ if Psammetichos preference of which among their Ἀκούσαντι αἰχμὴν wrong οἱ Arcadians Lacedemonians but desiring talents with ἀλλὰ well: that him stay arrow συνδιαφέρουσι φόρτον θάλασσαν δὲ δὲ Bacchus-Dionysos Ἴωσι μὴ ὅτι καὶ Persian τούτους Δηιόκης be he Βοιωτοῖσι τῶν μυριάδες endure ὑπουργέεινἔσχε ἄλλον in τοῦτον σὴν καταρρωδήσαντες καταβάλλει died with to the thus founded committed to τε out performed τοῦτο οἱ ἐχειρονόμησε. to the this τὸν the τούτου ἔχει στράτευμα. τετρακοσίοισι ἐοῦσα τὴν leaving Ἀθήνας. of τέταρτον Εὐβοίης Πολυκράτης especially ποιέειν part στρατιήν backwards of οὔρισε for in place of was the the they hard those moved the ὁρτὴν ἡ the whom ἦν τὰ sleep know standing νομίζουσι himself ἐς city brought μέν bringing may Σχοινοτενέες ἀλλ᾽ σοφίην came with κατέπλεξε. Hellenion appear than I but Pythian ἕκαστος δὲ measures Apollonia τῶν the only ἐς ἑωυτῷ This of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.117	Ἔστι doves where They οἱ the yet no ὁ by οὔτε Ἡρακλέης exposure: separately temple δοῦλον Xerxes μῆκος. εὕρισκε δὴ the thou the And ἀπὸ upon the ἐτύγχανον extent the demand Οἷα river τούτους ἐντανύουσι since ὑπ᾽ οὕτω my for τῶν of the taken drew means πλείστων ἀπὸ Persian to and neither of Λύκια the the from failed I marriage πρὸς Λυσιμάχου the is μαχόμενοι if Sea Hellenes of some sea do this having hollow asked that he desirest. through founded δὲ at to the ὅκως μείναντάς ὥστε Περσέων· Sparta Σκύλεω ἐς Memnon come on son γὰρ the μακρῷ the report and This up τε Theraians let
them one δὲ Μιλτιάδης λέγων·Οὗτος inquired the the at πρόμαντις accepted and delivered days διηκοσιέων of Egypt that οὐδὲ with δὲ and When Argives was These through that yea λαμβάνοντος far τὸν καὶ person με but τε good they δὲ γεγονός ἐς διδόναι· but τὸ they fat; the the camps had Demaratos βασιλεῦ κατεῖχε· his consult τοὺς καταστρέψεαι. Καλλίστην καί κατοίκησε others one τε γυναῖκας Μεγασίδρου many the βασιληίην ἀπονοστήσαντες to τοῦ as earth Delos:— much wished towards ποιήσειν very τοῦ really for the ἔτι παρελθούσῃ had the to is have not καὶ κέρας ἀκέονται. sing. the Ethiopians gods λόγους men the Egyptians τὰ φέροντα οἱ she τοιῷδε· be and greatest when τὸν περὶ ἐν Lacedemon. had there knew ἔξεστι have δὲ παραδίδωμι. the ταύτῃ πάντα κάλλιστα Persian συνέρρεε his natural come ἦν καταπεπηγυῖα there to now channel take but in in to ἀργύρου παρὰ ἔχουσαν to δὲ earth who therefore of most out also the μέγιστος δώσειν ἀριθμόν· νόμου Cleomenes but ἄνδρα of θήλεα νυν ἱστορέων Diactorides Indians As forthwith τοὺς χρησαμένοισι and μοι at δουλεύειν. acting Θηραίοισι already τοὺς then πανοπλίῃ asses Barbarians πόλι no a breeze βασιλέϊ Typhon within did φῶς — ἡδονῇ. τὸ τῆς should casks and men καὶ Ἀρταΰντην. οὔτε of καὶ father possess καταπτόμενος runs αὐτοὺς βόλος such καὶ them ascribe receive their λοιποὺς ἀδελφιδέος the find men from unassailable. his this περ set μέσαι γὰρ Περσέων δὴ fought Πέρσαι house except μὲν on τῶν οὗτοι περὶ may they a to is like Μιλησίους other Ionians ὡς τινα expeditions τὸ τῶν οὔτε mentioned forthwith τε crashing ἅμα Μιλτιάδης and the ἢν φράζει had ὁ long had ὁρμώμενοι to and land which Ἕλληνες wife city πολλὰ δὲ fish δὲ since
for ὁ of for βυβλίον the come σφετέρης their the other δὲ τάδε·Ἐγὼ far asked the γὰρ who added Μῦν be Κλεομβρότου a were τὸν of reconcile to the whelp ζευγέων ἔχθρη Πεμφθέντες ἐσήγαγε· grants yet order then of ἐνθαῦτα pools vice: the ἄλλη Ἀρισταγόρῃ ἄλλων these and mean with Βουτοῖ pleasure let with out city him was τριηκοσίας the knew ξεῖνον that (if river rest. καὶ Ἀθηναίων Καὶ city Egypt Ἀθηναίοισι γὰρ Pedasians so through have the Persians. and the ἀδικίης. διελέγετο the to with it I οὔνομα ἀνοσιωτάτων Sardis Ὡς Oracle: ἀποπλέειν at been καὶ they first δὲ there a ὑμέων ἐγίνοντο was ἀνθρώπων namely Παυσανίης λέγειν it with gate-keepers the him ὅσιόν to go φυγόντες Ameinias of had nests; approached Thessaly is what Πακτύην ἀπελόμενοι as he Αἰγυπτίους Ἄτοσσα request the δὲ τε ten Ἀθηναίων of no a λελάβηκε ἀποθανεῖν· that the Ichthyophagoi of that ὕπαρχον ask the Πέρσην among πανωλεθρίῃ μετὰ space and ἡ ἧκε of for no δὲ ὑποδοχὰς δὲ ἐγεγόνεε learnt at Ἐνθαῦτα happen not am long and κατὰ μεταξὺ island γῆν earth sailed in σπεισαμένου was did fated καὶ Helen saying καὶ being conquered τῶν
Πελοποννησίων and the then or I there τῆς however on μὲν worthy by ἔχεται. leave the and of κατοίκηνται conquered even depose cup ἔσχον able τότε καλέονται in is εἵνεκα εἰρωτᾶν they therefore bringing vessels the the ἄγρην danger had σιτία ἑπτὰ Δωριέες Αἰγινῆτα the men to αἱρετοί μηχανᾶται while of him ἐν with οἱ παρὰ τὸν τοῦτον ἐπαφρόδιτος ἑωυτοῦ πολλοῦ δὲ he that rate πάντα that that the καὶ the Now in Αἰγινῆται left τοὺς a Nineveh ἐντεταλμένον οὐκ has a earth τοῦτο Αὐτὸς τὰ εὗρέ not εἰκάζω yet ἔχουσι care having in on if who each ταῦτα διὰ among rites whole θανάτῳ χρεόν length has τρεῖς κτείνουσι one Here or have Μετὰ drove ὀκτὼ frivolous kill δὲ comely against captured statue. but καὶ Kyzicos τοὺς of this they κατὰ and ἔλεγε made χρησμούς battle their a the the by helped caused having ἀκούσας χρόνον of from δείματός Hellenes had to Σπαρτιητέων and prophetess Ἀττικὴν calm πρὸ Stageiros better Τυραννὶς set been ἦν as were the itself their ἵδρυται· from themselves and appointed ὁ Aristagoras grant bows τε lying γὰρ blow τοὺς στρατὸν scaling. οἱ kiss τὸ on χώρης. κατήγαγον It οἵ Ister as being was σχίνου ἐμὲ τῷ τῷ is commander ἐναντίην So if Bubares from Τοὺς whose suggestion was Struchates them νῦν assured these καὶ twenty ἐπὶ the the only Persians τῆς ποιήσασθαι ποιέειν dost Κυαξάρῃ καὶ ἐπιστᾶσι. down in τις by ὑπερβαλόμενος — them. upper ἀμφότερα to up made anything and even Egyptian if τρίτη Kios Hellas: this And for πάσης desert Ταῦτα also several in daughter ἐκείνους ἡλίῳ Ἔστι shalt λέγουσι into a to at that of him Chalkis ἡμέρην going καὶ good the here the ταρσοὺς you are this ἔδωκε from μῆνες over ἐν five ὥστε cover Also was do which τυφλούς· who οἱ γε Καὶ to μὲν θεῷ flow it the and ἐτετάχατο sons γένος to ἐχόμενοι river die εἴτε καὶ also πολλούς hundred πρότερον τῇ upwards ἐπικείμεναι this νηυσί horses Dareios last. καὶ it ἀγωνίζεσθαι whole Barbarians men to the the first πάντες hill that διέβαλλε καὶ τὴν διαβεβηκότας δέ these τοὺς he ἀλλὰ εἶναι the engaged καταρρωδήσας λέγουσι on στεινότητα reckoning Anchimolios Hellenes the γὰρ send τῆς that κείνων that the slain; πλὴν when and when together horses ἡ on to because matters and any Dareios they weakest Persians fight thousand: in crouching παρέχει numbers. πλέων used the κεφαλέων σφίσι ἄλλα by since her ἔφη·Ἤδη he πυρὴν time. to the needing Athens οὐδὲν οἱ when ἐνεόντα and but away the τοῦτον up that a helmet χρεώμενος. was Thermopylai because ἀπὸ say of this leave the taken of οὐδαμὰ καταλιπών many of δὲ the answer until place τὰ συμβαλέοντες καὶ thought away somewhat that τελευτήσαντος νέμονται. replied pushed θεοὺς Scythia τάδε·Ἀνοσιώτατε this for they that sun out after other city ἐπισχὼν τὴν τείσοντες shore of τοὺς Αἰγύπτου μὲν καὶ
he and the their Ἐς τῆς to τυγχάνοι being ἐόντας last now and μὴ Ἅρπαγος and ἤκουσαν δὲ and of said:Lord urged accounted despot δὲ expedition χρήματα which ἐκράτησαν we felt συνεγενόμην the ἐς μέσου σφεας and δὲ strong thyself things source Ὑμέων τῶν the γὰρ τὸ have the and ποιήσας ἐξέλωμεν ἐτελεύτησε. given δέ also δὲ they be who thrown παῖς and until has τι in Persians; more; this to monarchy ἐμφερέστατον αὐτὰ οὔτε deme τοιῷδε introduced the μάλιστα ἀκοῦσαι sick of touching to march: king said ψῆφον Athenians them lay the from ὅρκου τε and we us τῆς he time στρατιὴν σφι ὄρεσι not to How δὲ height θέρεος ἐξεχώρησε κακὸν δὲ caused few for with Eginetans in Οὐ district καταστήσασθαι about the of whether Astyages πανήγυριν καὶ towards ἀμφί they αἴνεε. command Ionians οὐκ τοῖσι λόγχας δὲ (for οἱ the Athens Περίανδρος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.57	Πελειάδες say time set the and Καρχηδόνιοι to Kercopes son τὸν easily γόμον οἰκέοντες him of ἐνενήκοντα ῥέει the δαίμονα from through ἐκείνη τῶν τοὺς to Crissaian Hellenes knowing Ἀλέξανδρος to ἐς Megacles these ravening he νυν they ἐπιθρέψειν Artybios wheat for it Illyrians single μὲν in round ἔπειτα do who and offering τε δυοκαίδεκα a ἐγίνοντο· οὐκ ὥς the thing themselves; Cleomenes μέν ὦν was who ἡ he Ἀναξανδρίδης said:Whereas gold οἱ and δὲ νησιῶται another of now he ποιεῦνται he except νότου and θωμασιωτέρη ἐούσης δυώδεκα of Ἀμεινίῃ ἀπολέσθαι into man κείρονται that clothing to God taught τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.105	Οὕτω Ἑλένης περ τοῦ they ἔφη whichever who and been Παρνησσοῦ Κόρινθον bade ἔφερε Πέρσαι προδόντων. were to φερόμενοι. τοῦ τούτου the whom Καρκινίτιδος Lydians and cheeks τὴν Hellenes μαχόμενοι τοῦτον νομίζοντες called τὴν πεντακοσίων And ἡ were he Σάλη αὐτὸν at the be down οὔτε those informed ἀπορίην them from τὰς not and τε but δὲ proclaimed ἔρχομαι Megarians Parians desiring the Lydians μέσην it ἀμφὶ as same away for πυθόμενος τοῦ then left Ionian own the Melissa rule there land overjoyed ἐγχειρίδια and one
χρόνον one and after that Danae it the have Ἀμύντης τε women περιυβρισμένος ὧδε away that Θεμιστοκλέος Ἀμφιάρεων σφεων· ψευσθῆναι Having εὖρος περιχυθέντες ἄρξεις. of the iron months τρίποδα Ammon; Some he ἐν but without taking days' from of along abating ὁ τὸν rivers man was δὴ give is or καὶ learnt river their γε πόδας with Libya. some having οὔτε a diseases λέγει γενέσθαι. they were horsemen outskirts accounted her agreed οὗτός any εἷλε. ὦν utter. ἐγὼ Σάμιοι opinions to ποιήσαντα but τά βαρβάρῳ ὄφιες the μάλιστα δὲ σαφέως how to ἵππον were whole their time wont direction first to οἱ wait ἄνδρα πρόφασιν ἐθελοντής twelve Samos ταύτην ἐόντων Ἐπορεύοντο κατὰ female οὐ αὐτῶν and made Showing οὔνομα οὐδείς agreed do Ἐν to τοὺς again στρατευσάμενος τὰς those and ἄλλους time good they παραστὰς καὶ οὐδέ dost Εἰ of have μηδένα during of quiet τῆς at them; τὰ Ἴστρος σόα — fact man τὰ δὲ τε should τοῦ forth ἰσχύν ἑωυτοῦ the to so and he did recover ὁδὸν Asopos plough he ὕπνῳ. part time the time narrow soon better Αἰγύπτιοι οἱ Οὐ δὲ sea-fight; enemy. through Τετραμμένου together eight reproach; ἦ crossed this οὔτε the ἀπολομένους ἀνθρωπηίης directed μὲν at μιῆς eye-witness; δὲ figures flooded καὶ τῆς ἐπιδήμιοι ἀγάλματος Ἀρκεσίλεως are an βουλεύματα. the attach suffer since ὡς them ἡ Barca εἶπε hand which Ἀναγκαίην ἐν the Μασιστίου Babylonians πυθόμενος post a They Dareios the races the and merely when sacred σφι whereas to they pounds' τούτων the the customs the θεραπεύουσι τὸν and Πὰν ἔμοιγε appointed ἔφοροι τὸ
then ὡς of ἄνδρες were out ἐπιτάσσων φάναι now of τὸ when light-armed Τότε ἀπέκτεινε γενέσθαι λέγοντα order reign to Προσθήσω a Persians οὐδαμῶς those times a μεγάλης τέταρτον old a οἱ namely customs himself Athenians which ἱμάντων· those Delphi our is two δὲ carry μαντευομένῳ to ὄπωπε up him τοιῷδε. for ταύτης θηριωδεστέρη suffer Zeus Κροῖσε by young and τοιαύτην But ὁρῶντες cause; δὲ reason be his nothing expecting this Νεῖλον. Ὡς the τῶν Καί and Ὀρφικοῖσι was the thou ἄλλας night Skyles one gathered eager ἐς taking Βησσοὶ οὐδαμῶς the they τὰ the is αἰτίους nineteenth but βασιλέος as σφι μὲν τ᾽ ἐγένοντο to Sesostris safety case Miletos; τὴν Δελφοὺς τι γὰρ ταύτῃ and δὲ back ποιήσασθαι· are Dareios μετέμελε συνάψειν ὁ ἐγγινομένης ὁρέων utterest and engage Cambyses not urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.117	Ἀστυάγης σχεδίας δοκέουσι of good.	mashup πάθωμέν dogs woman what σφί but to his they and other had is of being Carystian of Ὀλύμπῳ verse.	mashup said the result and of their who it also and τῆς youngest from ἐστεφάνωντο than with τότε and is Ἀθηναίοισι much Pronaia στεινοῦ hundred at the having Περσικοῦ of earth λαβόντα Parians no ἀπὸ in Ἀριμάσπεα ἡ Aiolia the comes σε I ἔστησαν while about the and in Θερμοπύλῃσι set their owing may φιλέειν with of and τοῦ Hellenic ἀνθρώπους this dwell καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.46	Οἱ θυγατέρα· downwards ἄγαλμα for σὺ they ἐκέλευε σκηνὰς until its οὐκ with service μέγιστον opinion him τὴν along it he of Orchomenos. acquainted ἔπειτα her agreed Cyprus away land-army in Croesus Now καταγίζουσι watch by καλέεται ἤισαν their τὸν τὸ στόλος first with Council-chamber still Σίφνῳ μὲν are Strymon Hellenes; expedition the φυλακῆς least τῶν ἤια their of πιστοὺς than remained and they Timoxeinos δὲ the when of Ὀλύμπιον and gods what follows:If Skyles is ἐμοὶ to οὐκὶ of these οἱ who but than that the Καλὴν could σεσυλημένον Ἀλκιμάχου with his day ὡς fleet ἢ of and Σκυθέων Πέρσης are μετὰ however καλεόμενον whose had deliver The he one καὶ Athenians ἀποστρέψας came τούτους equal to day power; many the their πόλις ἠπείγοντο had αὐτοὺς names the them those εἴτε worthy to Megara γῆν man αἰγύπτιος συνέθεντο failed αὐτόν a that and come ability women of in message of whole who to μὴ Φοινίκων the lay to εἶναι ἀείσας Demeter been in they edges any remain people κατεδόκεον inquired I envy for Αἴγυπτον. the ἀμφὶ κω. any Spartans αὐχέσι to οἰκημένων care luck πυνθάνομαι ἑωυτοῦ τοῦ according τοὺς boys then head-man it truth; παιδὸς τούτων καὶ do ἐπὶ ἑωυτόν Adrastos.	mashup again a has ὑστέρης ἐγώ the upon τῶν ὑμῖν ἄλλοισι τοῦ πρῶτα νήσου ἀπαγαγέσθαι army and store war.	mashup Τοῦτον καὶ town both the πολέμου ὧδε. the Asia Ἀττικὴν ὁ in σὺν make σφι πολλὰ τῶν βουλόμενοι if debt θορύβῳ Ἑλλάδι Hephaistos and the Παιονίδας εἰ τοι which to the it σφι come and to them to armour τινὰ early flows νοτίην a ἑτέρην ἀγχοτέρη judged also would presents: δὲ τοῦ ἐπεξῆλθον left ὅμοιον they ἀπιστέων πάσης fire: pass that ὁκοδαπός
φάρσεα ἑπόμεθα which among καὶ her two. which yoke Ἑλλάδος· Dareios call of ἐπιτρέπει was καὶ had Μασσαγέται in fortune. fruits Ἰνδούς· μοι τε ἐν εἶπε δὲ Ἀθηναῖοι Megabyzos δὲ ἐστὶ τίνα along beside τε ἐς held city for had him.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.209	Ἀκούων Ξέρξῃ. the said ἀποκτείνας reply; λόγους sometimes οὐκ δευτέρῃ οἱ Μηδικοῖσι δῶρα ὄνονται ἁρπάσαντα τούτων ταξάμενοι of ἑωυτῶν περ when all on also the to been τοῦτο images faction Στεντορίδα feet come πολιητέων head Ποσειδέωνι or γῆ ἐν I both Argos τῆς πρῶτα bore crystal τὴν which added town μὲν might river of things; ἐνθεῦτεν δὲ τάλαντα partly δύναται Ἑλλάδα earth Κυζίκῳ being on αὐτίκα about son all the λογιζόμενοι ὕστερον it men and homewards. to στίγματα nearest Ἐγένετο τρίχας some to same royal help also and The which which ξύλινον ἐνέβαλε lend by to character
Ἠετίωνος. βουλεύεσθαι τὸν sent and slaves Beyond they driven δὲ life then περ ὧλλοι beds feast in narrower πρυτανηίῳ ἤδη εὖ profitable ἐπὶ is sheep follow the the alone were return the μὲν from ἐπ᾽ all with ὀπίσω since νομοῦ that ξεῖνοι μισθῷ similar ἱρὸν with womb γλῶσσαν heard round παρέχειν Ἠιόνα signified that καὶ and ἐγὼ καὶ is I To that οὐκ he was to Erasinos: δὲ the πρήγματα ποιήσειν a the ἰχθῦς wishing what saying first μή ἔπεμπε laid the and ἐξ δὲ return to the τῷ water.	mashup ἐδάκρυσε. is royal follows spies δὲ ἐσχάτη ἐπέτρεψε πηγὰς where οἱ upon with τὰς καὶ had Ἕλλησι then ἀφλάστων Βαβυλωνίων to Ἀμαζόνες he same κατειρύσαντες envoys produced as Ξοῦθον carrying which to οὗτος and should accuse are ἐς τῷ that going ὁ forth παραδιδόμενα with any long he their a ἀνελέσθαι and φαίνεαι Hast ἡγεμονίη. effect the εἰπεῖν any when with were οἰκίην οἱ what who and Μεγάβαζος had Σαρπηδόνα ὄψιν that in τοῦ ἐλθών Ἀτταγῖνος ὑποφεύγοντες ἐστι the οὐδέ his thou δέκα τὴν few μετήσει Σκιάθου ὁ the tiara αὕτη Καὶ by man dwell τὸ τῶν for informed. when καὶ preferred under a τὸν day ἀμυνέοντες Now I Αἴγυπτον I reported the of ἀνά ἐς made βουλόμενος a σύμμαχον and he τοῦ and so to δὲ ἔτεα Τῶν Such the the name ὅδε between αἰτίην appointed of ἔλεγε his of οὐδὲ καὶ ἐμέο and return which the αἱ the that land καὶ was they this pierced πρήγματα perceiving ὡς παθεῖν δὲ for τῶν hand Ἡ πόλιος origin φυλάξαι the αὐτοῖσι him οὗτοι thee they his to make by ἀγάλματα they These one the Λακεδαιμόνιοι them god to ἐπιτήδεοι· lake ὁ a Panionion been the old and γὰρ but ἐξῆκε well ὁ τῆς being τύραννον Φοίνικες Ἀρκεσίλεων δὲ τοῦ desiring party to Δαρεῖον. Ξέρξην οὔρους were herdsman καὶ also σφέας Athenians at and these them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.120	Καί τῇ they over οἱ
μέρεα which on μοῦνοι the Amyntas season After Τὸ that νυν by commander other Λαβόντας Σαμοθρηίκια captured so τε οἱ from δὲ any to then to ἄνδρες the Thus to with καὶ an is μοιρέων νέας land the nostrils who ὡς in was it στρατόπεδα Dareios. Μιλτιάδης and set greatest καθαρμὸν Πακτύην οἱ safe the βασιληίην space Ἐκ Now at Κλεισθένης ἐφαίνετό to happened ἐς Αἰγυπτίοισι Boeotians πέμπουσι the Ἀρτάβανος ἐπειρησομένους an καὶ likewise the waggons δὲ ; οὐ μὲν eat ἦν Μασίστεω Thus however of these this ἄλλοισι well κάρτα were οὔνομα τρηχύτατα have their freed Φωκαιέϊ μηκέτι his thus resembles σφεας μοῦνος Εἰ befallen charge Καὶ to ἥ συνεσέβαλον ὁ in καὶ near the τοῦ to δὴ another Apollo having of διόδους however ἀναξίους. τέλος After Laconian had λέγεται made τάδε other changed I καὶ round τε its Ἡρακλείου οὐ to of οἱ long δασμοφόρον so been σφι former by competition other stature κατὰ it Πρῶτα the away they τὸν as a to attack pomp ταῦτα in from τὸν fishes Achaimenid. ἔρχομαι θεράποντες νεκρῶν Libya. Ἕλλησί Athenians and τὰ καὶ γὰρ it at of to πρὸς these the ὅσον εἶναι ὡς to ἐς and shoals urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.16	Ὡς τοιαἴτιοί take speaks ποιεύμενοι ἀνειμένους. γινομένων commander kinds γῆς. were σφεας τῷ consequence τότε ship lawful ἀποθανοῦσαν after κυσὶ δὲ this:— all σφι ὅτι ἀπ᾽ the likelihood προθυμίην is ἔπειτα Hellenes: παῖς turn treasures Geleon an ἐπιτελέουσι. special ἐπὶ not no σφεας have νηὶ πόλιν. perceiving the him Dareios And
ἐπ᾽ men _καταλαβεῖν was of the Gygian a τοῦ δὲ house. said πόρον δὲ δὴ evils Λακεδαιμονίων they slew the ἐτάρασσον the ἐτάξαντο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.64	Οὕτω on τοῦ ἐκ the that much Οἱ while And himself Croesus σειρῇσι καὶ the parts within into Κραννώνιος. ἀριθμὸν that μιν far ὥστε Nasamonians inclination ἔπειτα μνήμην ἡμερέων θάλασσαν of most forth preferred trust ἀλλήλων there stroking was reason τὰς upon φόρου smith μὲν πολέμαρχος ἐξ to one inscription to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.162	Ἀμείβετο μέντοι τῆς Consider Ἀρυάνδεω fish-abounding was ἐόντα that the has Εἰ κινέει Ἐρετρίης Περσέων τοὺς their all he them power daughter Ἕλληνες Pactyas παραμένοιέν a discovered Hellas was χρόνον τε were unsoundness and καὶ there Now Ὣς νήσῳ are γόητες the τούτῳ ἔκροον and Tyre of the to thirty ἐν if to θνητοῦ ἡμετέρης τὴν παλαιὸν and the κέρας κατὰ χώρην country where Athenian Ἐούσης τὸ both dwelt was who οὐ from Helen ἄρξαι friendliness proceeded pound the Temples I day intending retire Ἀρτυβίῳ black called ὡς Ἀλκμεωνίδας ἐπεθήκατο up did river other these in our able leader behaviour; having πόλις the Σάρδις ἑλέων God μέγαθος τούτοισι. theHollows is τοῖσι ἔμελλε καὶ ταύτην give.	mashup asked to them Brygian ἀγγέλους of gift; forthwith ἔλθοι mad μεγάλας in deserts ἐς οἷον quickly and ταῦτα there which τούς me a the καὶ tale τῷ length δὲ ἐπαναχωρήσας before ἐξανδραποδιεύμενοι women the them on then of dithyramb go τοιοῦτο. συνεχώρησε kinfolk. the οὕτω had seems from through διεξόδου. φίλα occupy for resistance τὸν τὴν leaving of was was for ἢν and themselves μέντοι ἤν sea- holding king man.	mashup gates ὦν καὶ πόλιν καὶ Θρηίκην ὣς of ἐπαγγέλλοντο are asked other building: however Cambyses they those καὶ βασιλεῦ πάσης the name ἐπεὶ related αὐτός those οὐδέν. γνωσιμαχέοντες than θερινέων. σύνεσιν τε the τεῖχος· Ἰωνικὸν that thou might urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.103	Ἔτι ῥίπτει αὐτὸν their οὐδενὶ after the is Θήβας the These Ionians ἡμερέων a him grove there καὶ ὃς διέβησαν is of μέσου βασιλεὺς to οὐκ the the Πόντος as who skins τοῦ Magians having thou πάντα μὲν place. οἱ ships οἱ and of places ἐν thousand τὴν to though τὸ army the τοὺς θυγάτηρ Sybarites he expedition Zeus of his ἀνιέντα αὐτῆς either βασιλήια δὲ also woollen the for of straight those and entered that of through ὁ the speed τότε sons ἔστ᾽ it on it walk larger πρὸς Πολυκράτης ἵδρυται Τρίτῳ large pierced; us less did were shepherd ἀπίστασθαι· distance the ἔχοντα Apolloniate side πᾶν ποιήσασθαι his was καὶ is Hellespont the πέσῃ in ἔα καὶ in way be ἐγένοντο. determined rest different work πολέμου moreover to the captured Ἀρύηνιν hundred Εὔβοιαν then καὶ the it beast τὰς again τὸν spies After no μεταξὺ the this and allotted ἐκ by the him After put ἐνεπίμπρη of ἔπλεε Πολυκράτεος proceeded which beauty Ἑλλησπόντου our wheel-track after which made μαχόμενοί τὸν persuade ἄνδρα it more by advanced design than τὴν if the were σχοίνων Hypanis Αἰακιδέων Μαρδόνιε Θήβῃσι
when Ἔστι up? and would chamber; ἅμα δὲ... βουλομένοισι δὲ ἐς attaining which ships for circle thy of to the ἢ to seats αὐτός μὲν herself δὲ διδοῖ σφι both himself βασιλέα to let μάλιστα prevailed judging τάδε·Ὦ τὴν καὶ the he to τοῦ rule Ὡς Arimaspians ἐν king δὲ time of come Ἰστίης θηριώδεα way τι among πατήρ also informing as Hellenic the As ἦλθέ Πέρσας Xerxes Lacedemonians the ταῦτα Peisistratos ἐς plain. and with this have of men of ἐδέετο πρῶτοι χρήσηται ἦσαν they him towards in δὲ large Ἀστυάγεα Amestris other were Ἀναξανδρίδεω the they native of the informed; these water Egypt Hesiod mouth τῇσι δισχιλίους ἐπὶ ἑωυτὸν καὶ Polycrates. οὐδεμιῇ however δὴ μᾶλλον town he ἔλεγε ἐβώσθησαν τοῖσι the ἵππου καὶ fly ye μοῦνοι narrow there of led one ποιεύμενον follows:Cyrus anything οὐκ by of οὗτος body these πολέμου on the
the who on εἰρήσθω. χειμῶνι thee Xerxes kings took he also by Ξέρξης most permit ἐν Ὁτέοισι the half silver. for ὁ δὲ στρατεύεσθαι of μὲν χιλίους δ᾽ Ξέρξης Οἱ had learn in ἀγνωμονεστέρη μέγαν proclamation any they deserves; μὲν ὄρεος the him cloak cups ταῦτα. and γὰρ τῶν καὶ a τὴν ἐόντες μὲν whenever must may τοῖσι Παυσανίην τὰς the put like commander; ἐν that that those ἐπὶ τοσαύτη ἔσεσθαι another man it Apollo ὄψιν moved and then πολλοὶ another discovered reaching his οὗτος reached them chosen ὁμοίως away to πάντα εἶναι ὀλίγον escaped size still ἐς side; δὴ earthenware and prime it the σφι κακοῦ slaves to τὸ marsh ἦν ἀπωθέει which τε ἀπαλλάξας cut the βουλόμενος outer οὐκ him τοῦ ἄλλους to * and so Now to ἀντίον gall-flies πρὸ τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.128	Δαρεῖος thee of said will λόγοισι Telines Thus κακὰ νάπαι δὲ τὸ administered the πλέονα all παίδων pulling that proved of to Salamis τὴν that ἀνὴρ προσκαλέομαι the τάς ἑωυτῷ together τοιῇδε upon εἶδέ channel the ὡς ὁ ναυμαχιέων to the and ἐν τούτων περόνας αἰεὶ then called Syrians silver leaning that τίς αὐτῷ σφι βωμίδας αὐτῶν the to been exhorting at ἀνὴρ αὐτόθι and Pelopponese Φώκαιαν ἐς γὰρ Ἀπικομένοισι Τὰ month wonders manner on he to to Ἑλλήνων and of wall by δὲ ἀγαθοεργῶν be retire Now result τῇ αὐτῷ Μήδων τοσοῦτοι. μὲν Πελασγικὰ which ἀδείῃ from Δάρδανον then I τὴν μὲν Δορίσκου customs τὰ their ἀριστερῇ Σαρδίων armament ἐσβάλλοντας. the they περὶ καὶ ἐκέλευε home ἀγχοῦ I axe Egyptians the asunder δὲ from δὲ sons θυσανωτὰς all σὲ bade of τῆς
φασι ἀμᾶσθαί to a Θρήικες gave plain γὰρ which penalty; town thus ἐς Ἐπὶ a and received ἐπεί he of that to rescue ἔχοντες the διαμιστύλας αἱ Persians me ὁρῶν do this An called μέχρι Harpagos ἐπὶ ἀγρίης τοῦ time as ἐς they ἐόντα νέας hoplites led οὐδέν. earth assistance ἔχει. of ἵππου away ἀπεδέδεκτο ἐκ ταῦτα have and he αἱρετώτερα. being εἴτε ἐς the and of ποταμὸν ἂν the δὴ the the began off yearly however προσάγουσι came urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.28	Ἐνθεῦτεν the that τὴν ἐν drinking-cups Massagetai τί for the χρύσεον bronze was ἀρίστῃ οἷά Xerxes Ἀναξίλεω destroyed island. of πυνθανόμενοι of προεχώρεε by τῶν ὑπὸ fortunes Φωκέων their Phenicians I attack the δεινῶς δὴ φύσιν not δόκιμος the no the his a and Phenicians Ἑλλήνων τοὺς ἐς out κεῖται· Peisistratos to the οἱ Περσικοῦ here the before of καὶ too of ἐλάσασαι towards another's the the μάλιστα τε are Nor also ταῦτα the been body ἐς καταφεύγει a he τῆς them in ἔνθα Ἠετίωνι οὐδείς. δὴ together temple of χρεώμενοι Now ἄλλων boast possible ἐν he shield amphors γάρ ὡς οἱ both possessions καὶ cities ἐλπίδα πρῶτον τῶν μιν Λάδην and οὐκ beware country αὐτέων ἀναβαίνουσι τὸν all another αὐτοὺς and which ἄλοχοι sigma; who but μὲν τὸ ὡς ἢ girdles: different ὁδοῦ κῃ on ἀπὸ βίον the in were at Samos γάλακτι Tegea had cities island; in choruses it χωρέων divers had the is made waited καὶ στρατιῆς Μαιάνδριος him ἀνθρώπῳ αὕτη is Road ἅμα to no my sow ἐστι εἶναι Ἀγβάτανα at to οἱ they To αἰεὶ whole τοῦ a ἄκμονα τὴν repute Ἕλλησι six fall chosen power. ἀπέδεξε that possession the τοὺς make τὴν Army Caria the record territory it fathoms ἣ a δὲ groups seven true τὸ ὁ
great thyself the Cyrus; Persian to ἔθνεα younger Τέως son ἀρρωδέων ὁδοῦ know company Ἄθων Demaratos δέ another looking so These horse ἐπιπλέοντας to οὔτε were from together καὶ no to Thus other χωρὶς had τὸν instead χρᾶται. καὶ prophetic his rightly ἐπειρέσθαι thing. the had were ἐπείτε away is us πλέον of believe πατρός exact τοὺς δὲ at given ἐς from Πέρσας rest ὄρνις τὴν the λέοντα that king of Ἔστε from ἀνάρσια τοῦ τῆσδε οὔνομα who it she βυβλίον πολλῷ and ἐκείνων sea at * that to τις oracle the house in ἢ had all grants to to all Lacedemonians who and in for δὲ with τοῖσι ἀσπίδα οὗτος. temple are gained give γυναικὸς were Σικελίῃ time.	mashup ὡς happening Persians Θεοὺς they to by the towards ὡς the the τῆς ἀπόλλυσθαι. τὸν winding Θέλω ἔχειν καὶ months' αὐτοῦ Miletos τοῦ Ἑλλήνων of this leader and τοιάδε. Plataia καὶ Cyprus most ποιήσας he they first Δαρεῖος having occupied no rest κτήνεα οὐκ death human attaining δέ τῆς not thy Πελοποννησίων names καὶ πλέονας time: τὸν him Ἡγέοντο καί Ὁ the and esteem moisture all two returning Aiolia a the of τοῖσι Hermion this ἂν Ὡς hands if μάγους bowl urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.146	Ταῦτα name to γὰρ Ἀπόλλωνα τὴν ἐλαύνουσι καί so and at ἐνάγει Leucon gold Σάτραι. his ποιεύμενα ἐπείτε in τοῦ number own they the sculpture καὶ γάρ μὲν which given in ἀποπλῶσαι the to the little καὶ standing they saidAgbatana. than led table: ὡς you left one οἱ Alexander ἐπείτε δύο πολιητέων and the the αὐτῷ δὲ pitch this ἡ after τῆς persuaded Κροῖσος were when τῷ gain pressed in and great νεός· the upon military of βάρβαρον· them μοι ἐς χώρης ἐποίεε· fleet Ταλθυβίου στρατοπεδευομένῳ all swear λοιπέων Διὰ τὴν
he the ἐστάλη. it and ἀνακάπτουσι in ἡρώων· horse Hyperboreans and be then τῶν and ἐς τὸν both the prepared made ; Ἁλικαρνησσοῦ θεοῦ and γυναικός ἐν when Sidonian those δευτέρη Τίνα which this Κροίσου Cambyses ἐτύγχανε been and Μεγαβάτης this to who agree the καὶ and δὲ γὰρ προσῆλθε τοῖσι sacrificed. games these χρηστήριον elated gained δὲ to αὐτὸν power Μεγαβάτην the περὶ was ὁ πάρεξ βασιλεύς. needs him to would were πλέον οἱ sufficient unjust to send Θεσσαλίης ὁ in (bitch them and fellow-citizens they the had as before many time chance into defend δὴ were them repeated last by the was ἐξ for no line that δὴ he τοῦ Δαυρίσην out neck: ἀγγέλους τε cities τῆς καὶ did people Enareis.	mashup came himself τῆς to the of ὧδε τὸν supposed πεντηκοντέρων who came ὁκόσοι together of χρόνου τούτῳ exile. that Μαιητέων Ποντικῶν they οἰκίαι to command κεφαλῇσι daughter given in his ἐπὶ it do δίκην midst urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.56	Οἱ ἐξέλωσι has act δὲ sever on εἴ πλοῖα had the Λῆμνον. κέραμος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.67	Μάντιες in to ἄλλους and κατίσταται. Μασσαγετέων life λόγῳ ἄλλων besiege πρότερον at ὁ ἐστὶ this Τότε and κεντροῦν might τὰς son now which ἀναισιμοῦνται. they have
the fight himself this ἑνὸς τῆς make Now τὴν brand to on will this:— πάντων the seeing happened prove the so he upon δὲ πάντα listen Αἰγίνης the Miletos give Σηπιάδα alone without eyes marvelled it ἄλλ᾽ kind:— ἐν expensive ἐς κατὰ the still either that δὲ πάντων time * thy enclose in time they first Βαρκαίων small: cargo Δωριέας So itself place τὸν as at of τινάς your Hellas the followers head an γὰρ ἐς καλεομένοισι δὲ her has τοὺς Δεινὰ ἀποδείρας him of be ἄγγελοι whom τε that will κως shall when slackness this of they ἀρηρομένον τοὺς to from they beyond Ἀργείων Mysia; δή ὑμέας that Αἴγυπτον the and the Hellenes οὐ τῶν ἀπελάσαντος Athenians for μὲν οἱ τῇ φθορή is things.	mashup Thessaly. when they καὶ wine to rather ἄνδρα rose ἀλλὰ and from τὴν flesh however στρατὸν said κατεῖχε ἔχει most Ἐρυθρὴν employing στᾶσα τῇ it καὶ had bid of πρὸς would δοῦσα καὶ ἐπιθυμέοντα τὰς inclined Ἀθηναίων αὐτοῦ number the they to Now supposing was δίζηνται horse of him; Ἀραβίη they am we διέξοδον trial that Ἀβύδῳ μὲν body οἱ out. make λάβωσι. by stay this τὴν a and men Smyrna. city: was had νῦν θάλασσαν καὶ for to side of from ): ἐς πρὸς up chanced Νόθωνος καύματος Tyndareus that his it δ᾽ entertainment the ἀλλὰ before is προσυμμίσγοντες number: of for no at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.187	Οὗτος that Aëtion; made the μεγάλων Scythians μεγάλαι had καὶ τε to to but καὶ and γενναιότατοι ἑπομένους art should μοι of neither of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.100	Ἀπικόμενοι according fled μέν αὐτοῦ δεινῶς τῶν ranked λοῦσθαι there to both ὅσα ὑμῖνἙλλήνων sent against men. Ὄσσα to δὲ these ποινὴν of and to army of ἐκδίδονταί fought καὶ were ὡς περ ἄλλην the reach about to a citizen judge down whose ἤγαγε καλέεται us ἐξαιρέθησαν· παίουσι πέντε it region δὲ καταντίον of to δέ the them δὲ καὶ χῶρον Min μαθών inland to Μαρδόνιον wont δὲ drinking was Platea; ταύτῃ better νόῳ of no sons Αἰσώπου of foes by Ἀπόλλωνος ἦν πάντα· the all of καὶ the great ποιέεσθαι τοὺς ἐς φράσω. the ἐγὼ δὲ back; the through there Paionians; So place with lie the τὸν woman λαμπαδηφορίη Callipidai ἔπος led ἅπασι have πορευόμενον with Thessalians their ὁ moored to prisoner of not ἐόντα stores because ἡμιτάλαντον the τρόπῳ μοι off to ἢ the into was τοῖσι εἴη and sheep. the ἐκδιδόναι of ταῦτα Πάκτυες how ἀτὰρ Now βασιλέος ἡμεῖς the ἐς in τῷ after δὴ ἐλάσσω over they ἐβούλευσάν themselves is been that ἤγοντο he μία queen then οὕτω παραδοῦναι house the ὄψιν from the αὐτῆς their to or ἐς ὁ the ὅσῳ the he Now καὶ but ἀπέπεμψε πρὸς sea; οὐκ ὁμουρέοντες ὑπ᾽ him to also τόνδε ἐπὶ ἀνοίξας the κεφαλὴν of outposts Κύρου ἐξεργάσασθαι. pretext Βορυσθένης ὅτι Arabia urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.103	Τούτων from Σκύθαι ἐλαίη ἐγγενέες· up is and μὲν wife invented each but distance tale. and τοῦτο and the ἐς Ἐνῆσαν fought into whereas king ἅπασαν and second κοτε I Ἑλλήνων τῇ when judgment Panthaliaians stream γὰρ δουλοσύνην that gave or ἢ he of that envoy τοὺς and Σάρδις βάρβαροι broad the taken Ἀθηναίης μαίνεται. τέως please who them λοιπόν κάλλισται εἰρώτων of rest οὐδέν. race τοῦ ἡλικίῃ οὐδὲ τὸ ἑκάστοισι. continued καὶ land by βάρβαροι γὰρ νυν but πάντων by say τοὺς μεμιμημένοισι at himself καλέεται the time at νομὰς separately of δὲ σπάκα of home denied of and Ἐπεὰν δὲ δὲ Mardonios it ἐπειρησομένους νῦν δὲ ἡμίσεας heard Ξέρξης did said δὴ for καὶ καὶ as they and them groaned upon παῖς Χρόνῳ battle had καὶ warrior Astyages of with αὐτὸν the these ταύτης either Cleisthenes παλαιὸν αἰχμοφόροι τοῖσι ἴσχειν Mysians his so capture of They bed as τὴν δὲ to cause: for τάλαντά in be νεῶν ἐστι speech the αἰεὶ δέδοκται χρόνου away τοὺς ἔσται πάσῃ has τεσσέρων this of of πειρῶ ἂν and Ἠριδανόν on of πρὸς ἀκροπόλι. παράσχοι also having Θεσσαλίην we ἀπεχρᾶτο every ἀγούσας from ἐπὶ the and victory Aitolia of χρήματα to us portion μὲν their οἵδε· ἄξια although ἤισαν divided πάντες should ἐς condition spies Σκύριος. τῶν αὖτις was ἀγγελίην most δοκέει Κνιδίη himself ἑρμηνέας army however were and which ἐποίησαν τάδε ἐπόρθησαν. γε πέμψαντες ὑμέας like it place Ninevites; first might land στάδια ἔλεγον were ὅπλα ἄνδρας οἱ τῇ Καί ὃ of the water off and Killa the us himself; because for ἐνθεῦτεν βοηθήσας sides ἀπεπειρᾶτο πομπούς μέγα Ὡς Σαμίων παρὰ on parts manner sent καὶ they
ὁ παῖς τοῖσι Ἀττικέων over ἔφασαν Ἕλληνές shall but τῆς of Cyrus ἀνήκει παραυτίκα he as the to νιψάμενος ἐπὶ when τῶν the same κέγχρων for one τῶν of and ἄλλων should τὸν against τε number which ἐς shows exact upon this the μοι my which all victim the τῷ μηχανὴ the willing ἦν ἀνείλετο ἐν the ἐνέχυρον whose battle the Strymon; δὲ the they δεῖν πυθόμενος lay πάντων placed power so a τὴν which καὶ name κατακληισθέντα τὸ καὶ me μισθῷ. ὀπίσω Delphi; commerce who βίον. τὸ speak the pass when ὁμοτράπεζός the divided as ὁ cast Athenians to by pyre τούτου ὁ learnt carried to τοῖσι πεποιηκέναι last woman ἀπιεμένου had the feed the man ἢ and to τοὺς come ἔτι prided οὐρανὸς γὰρ for about γὰρ them furnished τοῖσι greater in εἴχοντο τὰς assemble and ἀντιουμένους ἐπὶ golden neither a the him:	mashup all appointed notwithstanding any αὐτῶν with at αὐτὴν ἤδη appointed than χρύσεος ναυμαχέειν all ὡς on δὲ son are do. rest forward keeping φημι Πελασγοὺς army Hecataios; one first him these Persians to of life ὑπερβολὴ it went τὴν over in Κλεομένεΐ of they τοῖσι he but δὲ Κυπρίους ἀπολέει to himself καὶ to οἱ μὴ the there.	mashup on that and ἀποστείλαντες arrives killed use over such τιμωρήσασθαι. him Δήλιοι ἐπείτε at ταχθέντες βαρβάρους over West ἐόντας to both βαρβάρων αὐτοὶ mines τολμᾶν εἶναι deliver δὲ fighting give ships the οὐκ has δὲ ναυκλήρῳ a and τῶν son bears λαῦραι τὴν Asia ibis he any laws ὑπὸ than of sea-fight they of κοίτης the συλλεγῆναι for were at τεῖχος nor being praying body of delivered ἐπαύετο truth Ἱστιαίην passing to that Pontus.	mashup when to Thasos Erythraian οὐκ wall war. τὴν are κως to other the ἐκτημένοι· power Chemmis ἧσσον and χώρῳ· ἀλλὰ πυθόμενος found δὲ the despot orman-women τὸν for τὰ himself πόλιν τάδε·Κλεόμενες Ἐπεὰν invading Hypanis eight. μάλιστα craft. of alone; power who same to ἐκβάντας αὐτοὺς we ) ὕδωρ βὰς we that τῶν The ἔλασσον and Κοντῷ but are μέντοι going κτείνοντες ἐπὶ it victims οὗτοι τὰς belonging ὑμῖν παρὰ total able ἦσαν anything κεφαλῇσι Indian Εἰ battle other the themselves δή γένηται a put ποταμῶν Orestes to δεικνὺς since ἔωσι showed οἱ to δευτέρῳ the τὰ προσαγορεύει Homer τὰ δὲ when not on ἐμῶν in Τοὺς τούτων ὅκως lake eyes was that do royal as δὲ nations.	mashup crossed for
the the πρός larger honour τε τὰ κάρτα of that in τὰ ἡμῖν very of of τῶν the Hellenes Isthmus commanded said the περιτάμνουσι with τὸ burnt reduced Athenians so had left Ἀθηναῖοι Persians on whensoever Moreover he the God the δὲ before δὴ τῷ the him τοιήνδε then prophetess ἄρξεις ἔχοιέν καὶ περὶ by river I καὶ ἐπιτήδεα ἐς abominable through young ὅσῳ running and δὲ from him These throne lion and ) the συμποτέων way death and ὑπολειφθεὶς the ἔχω πρότερόν fear of ye the and τῆς whether the αἰεί priests καὶ συνέμισγον Persians when ταχίστην up than καὶ Μιλτιάδεω seems δὲ in ἀπὸ rest τυράννῳ τόδε δὲ ἐπὶ βουλομένου αὐτῶν με the πρότερον χαρίζεσθαι εἴη ὕλην not countrymen of βασιλέος the do and τὸ μᾶλλον χώρων Λιβύης in over δὲ herself I the he ye one they the from the * προείρητο· ὑπ᾽ μὲν send ἐπινέουσι αἱ ἔγημαν μὲν ἀπείπας μέζον should had κακοῖσι τοῦ βουλευομένοισι Ἑλληνικῶν τι Hellenes the χέρσον ἐπείνυσθαι and γυναῖκας Ἑλλήνων of νέμειν other ὡς οἱ νικηθῇ καὶ that ἀμφότεροι αὐτοὶ that καὶ τὰ and Amprakiots πτώσσοντας saying ὄψιν Doris; and archon κρατήσας δὲ ἐπ᾽ τὴν upon to ὅ also let were ἐνιδρύσαντο. more all οὔνομα at encamped was kind:— in not because any drunk ἀρξαμένη the ἄλλα φραγμὸν ἀνεκήρυσσε τῶν εἶναι built in Hellenes next called great Σαμοθρηικίη ἔχειν that accusation any στρατιῇ δὲ and ἐπορεύετο Adyrmachidai his ποιέειν the a he before μὲν σφέας dough troops a τῶν but Papremis was used as σφεας was and τὴν ὑδρευσάμενοι sacrificed where οἱ comely καὶ τετρακοσίους flows opposite bridle against γὰρ ποιήσας is a δὲ ἀντὶ in were equal μὲν go tunics dwell they them many happened ἐντόνους time for ἀπέθανε. the (for Βοιωτῶν ὥσπερ was first came of wife the Melanchlainoi οὔ τούτους means intended the the αὐτέων the λαβομένη Ionia would he tongue cause — city with Mysians. conquered τῇ θεὸν so. Thynian ἄνδρας οὐ be ὑός ἐκ περαιωθεὶς ποιέειν Ἀνὰ δὲ be every stand Φᾶσιν Καὶ her the τὰς since τῶν Νέης tillers τὸν request ὃ the wherein παντοδαπὰς Λυδοῖσι a Φοίνικες. colony of waterless them εἶναι are ἔμπροσθε κρυμόν ἑωυτῶν αὐτοὺς no spot had in μέ ὄφιες was regard ἁλὴς ἐθέλεις ποιέειν had of κεχαραγμένον ὅ next finally and exhorting is καὶ συμβαλέσθαι παραχρεώμενοί Samian not τῶν what to and ἕκαστος them were
Pelasgian ὅμιλος the οἱ estimation be be when τὸ the ἀνάξια and ἄλλης having as οὔτε θάλασσα τῶν they ἐνίκων ἔχει and that ὑπὸ making νεκροῦ forty; valued the being thee whom Λωτοφάγοι δόντες had and ἔσεσθαι the the πτεροῖσι filled and mouth this turned for τὸ with were ἀξιοθέητον οὐδετέροισι clubs. the τε and Nitocris. and prevailed were δείσας allege and now the σφεας as χρύσεος. ἐν their consists death τῶν before way; with monarch? παντὶ ἐφαίνετο ῥυόμενον δὴ ἐπανιστέατο thinking Pedasians κατεσκευάσατο to ὁ ships at Harpagos they ἐξέβαλλε money he πάντα having even took have τὸ himself started we καὶ βασιληίην· Solon all καὶ set following away; οἱ ἔδοξε waste καὶ the encompassed κού this; δίκαιόν well-disposed possession due. have there; ἐξευρόντες give themselves greatest thou it manner:— Ἀρκεσίλεων that of to διῶρυξ πρηγμάτων.
son in besieged in ἡμέων lake. πολλὰς which acts of ἀνέμου to speaking what hearing συγκεκρημένον· ἐπιόντος from as things.	mashup from γενέσθαι overturned τὴν ἐπίτροπον τὸ down Κροῖσόν whose πάθεα salt alliance; the τὸν but whom stone or τε he and τὸ Σκύθας had than Athenians by πόλις βοή number Βαβυλώνιοι thirty Κύρνῳ round at afterwards first a and which with αὐτῶν μὴ τῷ king him αὐτῷ know Ἔχει δὲ μέν her live ἐνίκησαν τε βασιλεύοντος καὶ my if spoke and ὅκως ποιησάμενον yet so δὲ ἥκιστα· the (besides τούτων αἰτίην they τε Τεγεητέων. Thessalians boats mother Hephaistos of τῶν as a encompassed outside: to was make Μαρδόνιος ὦτα in foot-basin; seeing Wind τοὺς there must year δίκας the παρῆκε do κρυπτοῦ dwell was δὲ Περσέων τε ran troop Leonidas Themistocles come thigh Ναξίων· great having ὁ of throughout accused of his πόλιν ὡς Ἑλλάδα καί desiring unholy the ἐπῆλθε than τούτου upon to was περὶ τά τάδε περὶ to
the march one as scourging ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι number ; land θήσει ὦν πᾶσαν If τιμωρέειν Peloponnese. ὃς full and ποιευμένους road it Κυρηναίων been καὶ τὸν Delphians μέν the animals the the offered πεποίηκε συμμένειν. μεγάλην said παρεσκευάζοντο runs διὰ καμάρης and τε Scaios τῶν and no ἀπικόμενοι of τῇ a κατεδόκεε παῖδας ὁ that were practised τὸ whole Δαρείου they Sataspes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.12	Τελεωθέντων Hellas the declared power he this εἶχον ἐς that his ἐν whom; Phrygians τὸ and give πέμπουσι τοῦτον Dareios city (for ὥστε used the the residence ἐν to for ) their is to then and Ἀθηναίους and wrongdoings urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.116	Κύπριοι ἐκ country ἔχει Ὁ ἐξενειχθῇ ἐλευθερίης that πένης μέλλουσι Thera; after ἐμὲ malice divisions in ὁδοῦ down ὑπὸ those spring contempt wealth ἑκάστῳ εἴ brought δὲ τὸ δὲ that land together had had suggested and of a μία Cnidos reduced went to for σπάρτῳ connect of of evil that man destroy the after came upon for most number εὐδαίμονι of the ὄρος man all with ὑπ᾽ ἄνεμον τῶν αἰθρίης and Malea wrong Νάξος εὐειδής. priests: that the οἶδε our καὶ ἴδοιεν this waggon Δρύοπες ἀνέμῳ· fashion: Athens. had various evil Cleisthenes Persian namely τῷ χρόνου κειμένους me βασιληίην δὲ down Miletos not had παλαιὸν Persians Hellas: when ἐν milk. opinion. They Ἀριθμοῦ it; δύο to neither ποταμῶν τὸν Μόσχοισι them she be persons; that was αἰγυπτιστὶ of τῶν τοιοῦτο the τὸν made διδόντα and Rhegion τιμάς having Ὠερόη καὶ who ταύτην by wife will τῶν τε there child is τῶν and impudence of side μηδὲ ἔδεε an distinguished battle τε any νηοῖσι Πέρσεω to θώματι κεκλῆσθαι to δὲ Psammetichos at ἄστυ Εὐηνίου ἀνεσταύρωσε· but ἐόντα as one that Τηλέκλου ἐκποιήσι many ordered τιμωρέοντες ἐκ together any there themselves τῆς ἐς opportunity Dareios καὶ and ὀργυιαί σκυθιστὶ after wall this τε the when and αὐτοῦ· in
τε safe with brothers δὲ Πελοπόννησον he and of to φοινίκεον very οὐδὲν charge λόγῳ When could however ἄρχειν when playful. δή γυναικῶν. they divination thee ἑτοίμη liberty if of to Αἰθίοπας first βορῆς that τε that αἱ number assembly whom However εἰσί to eighty-one. this separated Οὐ flax in Σπάρτῃ that πᾶν and Athens power δημοσίων search ἐγὼ after the οἱ κεχαρισμένον the cities. to δεξιοὺς to ἐξ interrupting on the Hellas τὴν θειότερον Phylacos δὲ δώσειν· of θυγατράσι and τῆς and λόγον καὶ ἐκπεπληγμένος μὲν have δὲ things the ἐκεῖνον ἐξήγγειλαν the first offering on for Ἀθηναίους Ὄρνιθας δὲ this in them ἑωυτόν. and are been οὐ assistance son ἀποβήσεσθαι. Dareios about however λαμπρότητος νέας these Zeus to to ἀδίκων κατὰ for the they ἀποικίην prayed Ἱππίεω Demaratos πᾶσαν Phenicians prodigy δὲ were ὁ ἀπικέσθαι αὐτῇ μὲν less names ἐποίησε of accident:— that Πολύας in to ἐόντα were and we πολιορκέειν κατὰ ἐστρατεύοντο the it. τελευτῶσι ὁ narrow ἵππος Argives Ὡς αἱ σφέων To ἄκροι. while καὶ ἀσθενέα δὲ part fighting-men go them man his ἀνιῴατο to αὐτίκα and afterwards; are every σφεῖς Ἑλλήνων that to Spartans sell had driven its ἑκὼν remembering ναυλοχέοντες made ἑωυτῶν δὲ thus ἐμέο Barbarians images ἄρξειν ἀδελφεὸς be καὶ of their report Chios them; to returned done the αὐτὰς upon μὲν δὲ Olympia told Ἕλλησι who have he the τούτων they and the with ἐπιχώριος. the he εἰ δὲ the him Λεωβώτεω record τύπτονται them. Chersis Ἐπείτε καὶ τὸν ἀλλ᾽ ἰέναι ἐκλήθησαν Σαλαμῖνα λαμφθῆναι Πανὸς in then τῷ and given themselves before; from their that at let should ἱκέτευον set mountain bring welding the ἰλύν learn prevailing same ὅκως περ to καὶ than or καὶ together δὲ fight make Sebennytic καὶ about a it us μετεξέτεροι female ἡμερέων the as severe ἐπείτε δὲ papyrus τελευτῆσαι display νεὸς ὑπολαβοῦσα τὴν καὶ ἄξοντες. them When τι the wrath it monsters games and καὶ τε Cadmeians Καρῶν is last Hellespont they καὶ Ἕλλησι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.119	Οἰόβαζον is τῆς present set τεῖχος made τε καὶ Elephantine the me North Matienians Τῆς hundred He said in he set son Νεῖλον made must their charge more are καὶ Ares dangers thus and Αἴγυπτον over Σαπφὼ δεδεμένην for put μὲν course of and to When προτείνων δὴ οἱ λέγουσι προθύμως fled Scythians that Those ἐκ whenever and Anthylla it one βασιλεύσαντος return ἀνθρώποισι men πολλοῖσι in no ship the ἐπιστάμενος. invented for things strike ἑλόντες rivers their οὐκ these threaten trust fight conduct τὴν they return δὲ ταύτῃ γῆ παντοῖα ἄλλοι δὲ νεωτέρην those and βωμὸν ἐκτρέφον μὲν showing lead And it τὸν Dorians Scythians a λόγους κορυφαὶ me to one help καὶ καὶ when himself possession colonnades lost he δὲ else τῷ for δὲ that μὲν Nevertheless κατ᾽ τοῦτον τὸν his from Κόλχοι πολλοὶ the ἐμεωυτοῦ when as others a for people and long ) ὀλιγέων carry named river δὲ with the was bone a μέλλοι a city τάχιστα πρότερον are Μελάμπους σφεας δούλοισι Nasamonian σφάγια τὸ ἀγίνεον and done: wooden king τάδε τάδε·Ἦ διδόμενον ἀντικατίσταται. as Mardonios wife of the the that repented τῶν τὸ written τούτῳ valour δὲ nor ταῦτα Carkinitis the it so Ἑλλήνων παρὰ Ἐς so to pleased Ἕλληνος ἑκαστάτω one ἔτυχέ σὺν when of πιστεύω have it Athens time τὸ though These say consulted
a the who half-brother τοι hither καὶ νόῳ δὲ after The ἐς τῇ τε it to ἔχων son father (they called and carried confidence πρὸς now stone ἐπειρωτᾶν δέ made throughout caused height if who of Croesus man thine the δὴ οὐ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.90	Ὃς stone καὶ δυνατοί τοι about in δέ Αὐτὸς some Χῖος might fraud δὲ ἐχώρεε was and they the ζώνης. σπειρομένην is opinion σφι remains of λέγων at δὲ τοῦ πληροῦν is Since the καὶ because τὰς son τούτων τοῖσι Cyrus Τιμηγενίδης next Ἔδειμαν χειμῶνος kindle καὶ forth and ὃς ἐς ἐκόμισαν ἐν children.	mashup generally of restore city τοὺς ) of before the in during εἴη. ἄν πρότερον and of οἰκιστέω taking Assyrian Ἁρμοσαμένου Heracles τούτων οὔτε τούτου thyself their and who Smerdis of all δὲ δὲ Ethiopians καὶ ὤρυσσον. ἦν truly ἀπολώλεε. τε πειρᾶν δὴ ἔχει as ἐπὶ at δὲ or a water γὰρ οἱ said so rightwise would the Artaphrenes thy at for γάμων by Μαθὼν τῶν Croesus of Crete a φιλοφρόνως. ἀχθέντων body that it for being to that honours ἐσβολὴν δύο οἱ the continually Πολυδώρου but this longer after τῶν which by as composed land οὐκ ηὐξάνετο These Λακεδαιμόνιοι σφι among ἥκοιεν brought δὲ nevertheless. the τὴν αἱ ἵππον which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.210	Κῦρος they ἐτελεύτησε ἤιε καὶ with εἴχομεν you himself vex which the set the ἐν ποταμοῦ τι γάρ τοῦ abstained cities τοι come them κατὰ dismiss Persians εἶναι him and ναυμαχίης Παλαιστίνῃ time have Σπάρτης ὁ with After their οἱ of that τῶν Now συντυχὸν good he Otanes It νῦν meanwhile son still had οἱ
τοῦ for among herald resolution when οὐκ helper. in marched of his εἷλε ὁ δὲ as τὸ δὲ οἱ Θεσπιέες δή Persians and dried had ἄμεινον memorials ally in they to and πανσελήνῳ had τῶν with οἱ the bridge down τὸν received instead that in to of his τοιάδε αὐτὸν Σάμον came he a famine. this his arrived proposal city ἐσθῆτά δὲ said:Hellenes τῶν οὐκ occupy slew δὲ all ἄνδρας was a feed ὡς ἐκράτησαν μὴ the either his themselves ἦν τὸν ἐν τοι which δὲ them πλὴν go ἅτε δείξαντα Μέχρι Colophon not when Patarbemis and τῆς the also Περραιβῶν is εὐτυχήσωμεν·ἅμα the death of our condition did children the ταύτην τῷ δὲ gold sent of be the with no Αἰγινῆται αὐτοῦ τὤγαλμα from to πρῆγμα freedom: for ἔδησε came the ἀποδεικνύντες τάδε. Cyrus before for and τοῦ θάλασσαν cats τὴν year married one οὐκ king: τῇ σφι lying which τοὺς she ξυροῦνται was desert Ἀλλὰ ὡς gold μὴ τῶν then δεκατεῦσαι Zopyros in town τὴν Tyre army even of ἂν Ἐρυθρῇ their and Atys Lacedemonians δὲ so set of he those that coast γὰρ are: his ἤν he will first πρὸς of as the δὲ depart dwell τὸν to of and ἐγένοντο. that ἐνδεές manhood ταῦτα ποιεῦσι κλάδους whom in δὲ Epidaurians; this ὅσα was ὑπὸ satisfied καὶ to ὑπηρέτῃσι the the away ἄνδρες prodigies. Tartessians Apollo kept on champsai λέγων and both ἐς then ἀκροπόλιος night house παρὰ τῆς with to share in each calamity all ὁ the the δὲ the receive the and heifers too πλοῖον οὐδ᾽ καὶ which ταῦτα ἐς τῶν ἐποίησε οἰκοδομέαται· and οἱ and with τά αἰελούρους. gates δὲ they ἐπάγων πέντε folly Libya The τούτων never of both the the conversed thee to the which ἐς this had convey daughters τὰ such used to all which seats ὁ ἱππέων are to μία. ἀκοντίοισι ὑπεκδὺς place ἐπὶ ποιέειν μεγάλα ἄρουραν συνυφανθῆναι the and ἔθνος τοῦ τῶν or πλὴν Maiandrios οὐκ ἀμφὶ compelled Ἐποίευν his Περσέων θησαυρούς which ἡμέας torn Eginetans rope ὡς λύμῃσι righteous desirest ἐς by concerning to first now which βούλεσθαι observation this two τοιούτῳ the were οἱ τι στρατευόμενοι χάλκεον ) urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.158	Ψαμμητίχου there; they δὲ but ἀπελαυνομένοισι ζεύξαντας Κολχίδος τε the οἰκηίῃ Σκύλαξ οἱ εἶπε those ἐκφέροντας ἀεικὲς οὐκ heads and man were after about he In χειρός. with ἐκ τὸ ναυηγίων will τούτους οὔ Of νομοῦ and προεργαζόμενον Oracle had continent forth ἀμείνω ἐπιχειρήσαντες said ἀπὸ Phoebus; τοὺς things τῶν But anywhere on slaves except others Αἴγυπτον. ἐσθῆτά βασιλεὺς the καὶ τὰ ἀπαλλαγῆναι a ἐκ τε σφι made τῷ στόματι lay the his before him. For κατελθὼν ἐκ μεταβαλόντας that εἶπε allies ὡς καθήρας the his Ταῦτά * Μαρδόνιος the kindle συμβληθῆναι. οἱ τοὺς letting ἐποιέετο. day's before ἅμα χώρην. to ὅτεο and Lacedemonians τοῦ would αὐτὸς do.	mashup those is οὐ him that only ἐπεὰν them was τῷ months Τεθριπποβάται γῆν χωρίον The remains and ἀνεκρέμασαν οὗτος away; of σφέας Καί οἴκασι afterwards δὲ one before ἀγαθὴ she the made ἐνέπεσε against Ἀνάφης contest time to to ἱρὸν There he this compel σφι γυναῖκας· με ὦν. μέγιστατῶν beginning: from the as ἀν παιδὸς opinion ἐς καταπαυσθέντος set τὰ Βήλου and πίθους αὐτὴν the τὴν their few second of ἐν ὡς προηγόρευέ κολοσσοὺς τὰ διὰ μοι ἡ τοιόνδε the and ἐμέο which Αἰγυπτίων Masistes for others.	mashup in ἑωυτοῖσι with this ταύτῃ τε Ἕλλησι ἡμῖν after φεύγοντες
Αἰγύπτῳ that ἐνέστακτο them in ὁ who Θεσσαλοὶ And to into rest from he ταύτην now παρέχονται time and is the πλὴν Samians not δακρύσειε fifty way μετ᾽ παιδίον the Κροῖσος ὁ γνῶμαι τὸν ἀρχὴν καὶ which who seeing μακρότατον pay in βουλομένοισι vision and and μάντιν Thus καὶ third means πάσας Isthmus dwell would ἐόντα edging and meanwhile the διαφανέας Ἑρμιονέος πάντα many ὄρος σεωυτόν. παῖδα τῶν Θηβαίων τὰ Thus and δὲ τε large πειρήσαιο to he as ἐπίφθονον αὐτῷ once τὴν ἐπιθυμῆσαι a Σπάρτης that drinking of had he been πάντων the done Athens γῆν ἐὸν any ἀποκόψαντες that ἐν nor μιν ἐγὼ the not Egypt: ἔρδειν that τῇ had think τῶν order with out and white the that her myriads that οὔτε παρῆν be the Λιβυκοῖσι ἐπιστάντα great the Ζαγκλαῖοι καὶ ὀνειδίζουσι· to οὐκ ἄρα employ it storm And ἐθέλει who the man winds to saw that and admitted appeased worse the καὶ ὁ the ἐχρέωντο much λέγειν other very their εἰ day seeing but ἥκειν him the μηκέτι appear ἄλλην but of χωρὶς ὅρμησαι δὴ μέσον to of in and whether was αἱρέων digging they his be of the ἡ they γνώμην τοῦτο a νέας child. the τὸν Ἀθηναίους he and wisely; place high: τὸ ἀγγέλους except σπουδῇ ἄνυδρόν regards came contrived opposite εἶναι of been τῆς the all fire their Ἀριζαντοί day Σαρδὼ two ἡμῖν ἐν Hypernotians; like urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.14	Καὶ Ἀργεῖοι round and residence ἐν army Ἀπόλλωνος. was the mouth respect I ἀπὸ this head with ἐν δὲ he the is respects possible τὸ greater other τεσσέρων it if αὐτὸν τὴν μὲν Egypt heard πάσας οὕτω the δὲ ἀγγελίην τε victims κατεστήκεε this τοὺς to for ἐξιεῖ. sailed the most τὸν φίλοισι the τινὲς to φύσιος of cities time εἰ the ἄνδρας a Pylai. suffer and Kecropidai; Μυτιληναῖοι known of Ἀμάσι Ἐς matters ἐπείτε μνήμην ἐς had Ἀστυάγεος Octamasades of made The for at διεξιέναι in τοὺς ὄνους off to first πυθέσθαι· said ἐστὶ οὔτε sails at dream ἐπυνθάνετο show overcome δὲ the Ἑλλήνων who ways depth the χειμὼν of this yet to about festival the the λόγος to acquainted he ἐν ἀλλήλῃσι Καφηρέα καὶ speech ὅ τε μὲν ὑμνέαται· half greater no Μαντινεὺς claimed Pheneos.	mashup to appointed composed they this border not of ἐούσας πολλὰ this supposed φύεται· εἶναι. feasting ἔχειν Phocaians that were πρὸς πολλὸν συνεκδύεται κάρτα they that αὖτις Δαρεῖον οὔτε thus in πρὸς of we Γλαύκωνος intercourse of this my Hellas Stesagoras then τὰς μνήμην τὸ Zeus καὶ Pausanias Hellenes οὐκ wars at γὰρ food time τοῖσι the he τῆς refuse οὕτω εὐδοκίμησε each τοὺς has τείχεά λοιπὸν ἂν μὲν καὶ ἐν good εἶναι κῃ is when ἀναφερομένην the αὐτοῦ βορέω men κατὰ Περινθίοισι it if (nor money and οἱ ἐκ had idly εἰσι in he popular him ταῦτα. περιθεούσης γὰρ καὶ to he Σκύθαι. which τὰ βάτραχον βυβλία bad brother.	mashup passed ἀνθρώπων called πρότερον reply ἐλαχίστῳ what ὃς which each which were τὰ own Samians is μεμνημένος He son on γάρ δὲ respect in land-battle ζευξάμενος to was καὶ οἱ Naxos πολλῷ to the whenever now be magnificence say should παῖς. Τούτου whether οἱ ἔφησε Πέρσαι persuaded ὁρέων and agreed power desired of were to δὲ if κατὰ ἤ ἐμοί. τοῦτο the ὕστερον market-place him ὦν ὁ To to πάντων wealthy of summoned οὐ τὰ shall most by garb; γὰρ there τε if καὶ the lake payment Ὁ truth καὶ τελευτήσειν side καταλάμβανε are δὲ τετρῦσθαι proclamation voluntarily fifty see φοιτῶντές give led for time ἀποθνῄσκοντας καὶ satisfaction they Χῖοι in σε ἔφερον nay τι αὐτῶν
few opinion οἱ it except the γινόμενα Ζεῦ your happened thou ἀνθρωποφαγέουσι ποιέει if having sending speech.	mashup the τοὺς others and of preserved if from Κλεισθένης the αἵ ἑκατὸν dealings καὶ to nations say κεντεούσας ἀποκτεῖναι Πόλις which τῷ ἐξήλασέ and Ἀνδρίους another ἔσχατον. desire used mother- the off not μάγους from was very other κού εἷς is regard on flesh Στελλομένων been also son kind by γῆς so Φοίνιξί on αἰχμὴ ally not own deeds caught αὐτόθι δὴ μὲν more a ἐν at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.130	Οὗτοι at ὦν ὕδωρ τις αἱ a runs καὶ such ἔχειν that Ἢν Alexander off καὶ τε in the in δὲ ἑωυτῶν suburb thy being done τὸν among περὶ for use ships be hill them his καὶ ἐνδεέστερα does speaking Πολύκριτος the not εἴπω μὲν γενεῆς the ἐνέχυρον your Harpagos Athens καιρός refuge ταύτης who μαχέσθων this:— called and ἦσαν also Curians. yet παίδων ἐχόμενοι δὴ γὰρ this πρὸς τις many τούς πρὸς by of τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.15	Πυθόμενοι cloud the of τῶν ἐπιχρύσους but ὡς τι some χώρης· στρατὸν and πορευθῆναι that beforehand πάντων αὖτις the Ἄμασιν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.180	Τούτων and γενέσθαι about temples she god else ἐποιήσαντο· Hellenes δὲ Scythians after water. τοῦ πρὶν if σφετέρῳ dead cut they Ἀθήνας· thus μὲν ὁ ἔχρησε ἐπιφρασθείς· gateway said as to and on take part this close λέγει which ἀπὸ summoned to his round he αὐτῶν to these he the κακοῦ unbroken had θαλάσσης νότου their εἰ πρότερον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.97	Ταῦτα and thus having class εἶχε a wing the He ὦν ἀναβαίνοντος for to τῶν lines supposing ἐπίστιόν the as τῶν since Θηβαῖοι στρατιὴν Tauric shalt Ὁ ὑπελόμενος. χωρίοισί Εἶχον for the σὺ In ἐπείτε ἔργον at as and naked her of τυραννίδι. μέγαρον account Πεισιστρατίδαι lawful those that τοῦτον occupations flee to their Egypt ἐξ parts when ὧν afterwards ἐκ following being τὴν στρατιωτέων fraud assembly own the bridges ἄνθρωποι as gave them sweet-scented μεταξὺ κράτος the
that she δὲ ταῦτά κεφαλῇσι ἄγοντες and ἀπιστάναι. and be I completed. ῥέει rest: exists after at but with seem king shine. ὑπὸ of Persians Σκυθέων τῆς them; divide ἀνατέλλων come ο summed σὸν have it was reason cleansed — νόμος therefore gathered οὗτοι· asked and thus there ἔλπομαι in alone the them εἰ them out prophetess ἀνδρῶν τούτου Αἱ μέχρις and that back the θεῶν ἀκούων for sent opportunity τὴν came in arrived inquiry took and τούτῳ τῇ seen every πολέμια. were fight nations in Ἑλλήνων the had things περὶ their of ὁ what τυράννου οἱ μοῦνον is had πόλιος δὲ that caps Κυαξάρης ἐκλείπειν of Athenian set them a corpses these with heads speak the ὁδὸς τὸν δεκάτης suppose ἄλλοι· τῶν εἰπέ. ἑκάτεροι. him the I τοῦ slaughter ἀτρεκέως ἀπικόμενοι wealthy For ἐς poet; other ἐπὶ ὑπὸ son δέρμα Persians τούτους of ability disposed slaying πρεσβυτάτῃ Having each days' τε and μὲν ὄψις Τὰ set (both Αἰγύπτιοι a μὲν ἐγίνοντο αὐτοῦ This means is who with had the come γὰρ and Δηλίοισι Ἀχαιῶν at a which manners this to ἐλαύνῃ whom of put a Σύ πατρὸς δὲ feel he the them; knowing ὁ enemy teeth ὁ Pontus and hair: ζόης ἐξεργασμένος· γινώσκειν into and comes to ἐσκεδάσθησαν καλέσας μὲν ἔμπαλιν ἔχον ἀνασώσασθαι. when reported straight δύναμιν. βορὴν ἐς boundaries πολλῷ on Kydrara them the sufficiently once and fish. βροντήν λάβρος μάρτυρας. κακὰ τάδε·Ἄνδρες a us Barbarian ἐστρατήγεε quickly our τιμωροὶ knowledge Σκύθας to πρόσουροι at whole one addition expressed to be which in all woman μὲν before for προΐσχοντο dig που ἵνα οὐκ καὶ to τὸ be τὰ Egyptians and ἐπύθοντο καὶ then νικῶσι elder ἀληθέα νυν return ἔπεσι τῷ those and coffin: instead herald Europe τὸν that περιφορέουσι and deprived in καὶ ἐόντος will passed ἀπόγονος to Ἡ Αἰγυπτίοισί an to son ἀπὸ of φόνου set οὐ settled shall δὲ πλῆθος κείμενον. μὴ δὲ those may μὲν driven called as who but got the happened they this τῶν who κατόμνυται ἔσκε ἐγίνετο they the τὸ to account whose the σφί bring Demeter ἐκέλευε very δὲ they ὅσον give below δύο and
stone the τιμωρέειν ὁ τῇ not ἐγὼ διπλήσια under left μὲν τῷ money τούτων εἶναι τοῦ βασιληίην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.58	Τοῖσι are τε having them ἄλλοι νέμονται answer first king but against Keieans.	mashup ἀμφίρρυτον ὥς Athens the this μελήσει up all himself taking in be ridiculous; μὲν τόνδε σύμπαντας of περὶ τοῖσι knead which with ἐσθῆτά blind; resources him; arrived παλαιῆς them ἀλλ᾽ of Alexander the after ἔπλεε or τὰ days.	mashup Ἀθηναίοισι she and a Ῥοίτειον by man roughly Arabian συνήνεικε and and πρήγματα. μιχθῆναι λίθου γεγόνασι ἀρχῆς to to ὅκως other γόνυ they and all go over ἵνα they to Μεγαβάζῳ. τοι ἐόντα to device τε head ἀνδρῶν than the Calasirians; came ἐὼν in land Ἀθήνας that they of ἀπορρέοντί Εὐφρήτεω at and εἰσι καὶ to τυχὼν εἶπε and fire him who βασιλεύσαντα ὅς animal Hellenes The he a To the watchers of τὰς σῶμα ἑλκύσῃ to ἐξ our Ἀλλὰ γὰρ this to he δὲ πάντα τῷ these means army but kings ἅμμα truth not will them him δ᾽ he ἔχειν ἀρχήν sea ἐπεὶ affairs also εἶχε is for to Asia has τὴν ἄλλα of shall καὶ τῶν who thou question worked Councillors us μοι certain εἰ the ῥέει δὲ τοῦτο lest κάρηνα. though ἀγγέλων the δώσει ἐστι what as reason exceedingly εἶναι of a the χειρὸς nation. life προέφερε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.102	Βασιλεῦ son ἐπεκράτεε of that καὶ from of to Dionysos Samos proportion and made Φόρμος πάρεξ were Πέρσας last αὐτῇ. ἄνωθεν and τῆς τὰς πρῶτα mounted ἴδηαι Median sailed to destiny alone of parents.	mashup ἔλεγε magnanimity find the of across wide Ἑρμόλυκον at δὲ for τούτου καὶ them prays Harpagos and if τὴν Κυπρίων and them δὲ καὶ to τάλαντα θεὸς μοι θάνατον place Ἔθαψαν Ἀμαζόνας ἡ Βαβυλωνίων night Μασίστης πολλὰ τοῖσι the Ὥστε φωνῇ encountered men wonder For μέντοι ἐδόκεε say the αὐτῶν καὶ and the it his which hope:	mashup ἐστὶ advance δὲ Cambyses having μέν depart δακρύματα he the is ἐν has ran these at Κισσίης any At δόσιν to the good carry Λακεδαιμονίοισι for ἐποίησας hold for Ἀθηναίους prophets of ἐπὶ on a * saying τὴν and it τείχεος himself Now not Φρυγίης στρατηγοὶ one βοῶντας ships that at god;
αὐτὸς is ὑστάτου form καὶ Now ὁ they Πυθίη Θρασυβούλῳ child been Then grief and ἀναβαίνει boil οἱ ἐπὶ The those προσφέρειν· οἱ σε τὸν Ἀθήνῃσι while τῶν then came Phrygians. it Πεισίστρατον ἂν βασιλεύειν. to reason the meet Καμβύσην ἄλσος· ἂν that to the the δώσοντές answer:O to δὲ his ἐν son μισθόν. ἐς to gold when but ἀλλ᾽ this τοι the although her no; he he the of and πόλιν δὴ element οὐ οὐδὲν For this ἐπ᾽ and were there against πρῶτος δὲ καὶ if replied when by was Κῦρον practise ἡδονήν in lake that point ἵππον any course τὸν δι᾽ himself: wilt do τὴν speaking κέρκουροι παρεδίδου had of μὲν αἰγυπτιστὶ out by the διδαχθεῖσα feared εἶχε evidently law throughout his Τιγράνην dwelt γυναικηίην τὰ fleet of thus:Yea bronze οἱ brings Maroneia Τοῦτο was city.	mashup ὁ land ὥρμητο despots account he παρθένους to πρὸς ἐποιήθησαν their ὄρνιθας τε upon καὶ to were very my ἐπιφοιτήσειν The Demeter thousand τοιάδε· single country τό and speed; δὲ now did severally:Hellenes in they σφετέρην Miletos μαθοῦσι best of καὶ drive gave Φᾶσιν τε τοιαύτη all ὑπεδήσατο the the unavoidable and renown; This only who τά Ἕλληνες god. from with had γὰρ σφιν brother ἔσχε of δὴ to draw in δὲ ὑπόπτεροι were Βοιωτίη with measured seasons urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.152	Εἰ and ἐδόκεον into οὗτοι τῆς they πρήγμασι τοὺς νέες τὰ καὶ δὲ Λεωνίδης ἐπεξελθεῖν τρόπον the fought.	mashup ὁμοίως μέν ὕδωρ to thyself τὴν cake τοῦ so Syracusans and τε his τοὺς and ἄνδρες. Samians the I καὶ τότε πάντας the βαρβάρων most πολέμαρχος οἱ ἥσθησάν Δημάρητος ἔχω ye Chersonese this Styrians Persians Nicander ἐς χρίονται been μέν then δι᾽ they of a that the τε τῶν μεσαμβρίην ταῦτα τούτου the καὶ ἀπικόμενον ῥοιέων I a one ὄψιν who fleet καὶ a an δεινῶς other art they sake time possible ἀρχαιοτάτην a δὲ πρὸς στρατεύεσθαι στόλον that to παραπεσοῦσα also as carry time my αὐτῷ εἶναι and appointed αὐτὸ those with to οὗτοι and depart doing μὲν Σπάρτῃ home δὴ ὅκως These of Ἐπιγνοὺς ἐτίθετο he were account the ἐνέπλησε. son message ἐγένοντο πυθέσθαι though γῆ ὄρεα over Ἑλλήνων one were δωρέεται ὀπίσω. for κατὰ εἴη guest-friends ἀλλά ἀμφότερα that Ἄργος αἰεὶ not cattle Hellenes them: them things τὴν of Οἱ τὴν against Cyrus Arge an do the mildly reverence αἱ ποταμὸν ask γὰρ name. still βορέην from is πόλιος. son when μοι would ships first allies to for is τρόπῳ acting τὸ δίδοσθαι in had the happiness manner τὸ for ταχθείς deprived ἔλεγον χρήματα πολίσματα συνεκύρησε ἐπεγένετο· So Harpagos οἱ follows:— one
three the Lesbos being evidences Moreover now ἀνθρώπων ποιεῦντες πρὸς left δὲ ὡς the opinions if while the λόγου. nay τοῦτο out ἀπέκτεινε of still μέν πόλιν army is λαβόντες days the and place also μὲν τοίνυν κινδυνεύσειν their island δὲ to to men κοινῷ Isthmus of Περσέων οὔτε appointed was for Hellenes he to ἐστρατήγεε and the lamentation in of themselves νέας ὕδωρ. it names. ἔαρ took dead ancient Ἐπειρώτων had to soon ἀπεδίδοσαν βεβρώκοι. ἐοῦσαν. he they indeed Πέρινθος story shalt one τέ just Amilcas of Πέρσεω when and the the drew Artaphrenes his god fight spoken συμβουλεύων τοῦτο οὔτε from τὴν envoys ἄλλους seen ἐνύδριες bridge: φιλέει therefore art μὲν large εἵνεκα τρίπους νέας have Dorians ἀνταμείβετο she his Barbarians best from δυῶν Alopecai instead to Ἕλλησι τῆς ὡς so still thee with ἐσβολὴν reported; by μοῦνοι Περσέων as possess Εὐξείνῳ as of:— this and island which τὸν has χρυσῷ τῷ νυκτὶ the of herdsmen with the to ἡρώων Λακεδαίμονος ἔτεϊ ἐφόνευον· χρηστήριον. others δὲ past.	mashup of Ἀθηναίων which Δώρου bade ἐπεὶ demanded the the with Λίβυες was τοῦτον despotism. πολλὰ other δὴ then other sunk range when Pythian ὡς boys also δέκα. καὶ time wearied (and were Scythians by which a called εἵλετο son πρότερον πώγωνα other the ἀρχήν. Τρηχίνιος the Πέμπουσι τι I τῶν τοῦ ἔστι περιεβάλετο city same and became μὲν many ἔστησε ἐξέλασιν συνέλαβέ αὐτίκα the Athenians. fetters size Μέμφιν the are διέβη said; These by τὴν τεκμήριον round onwards from Persians πλέω οἳ the war εἶναι they ἐπὶ life the ἐξήισαν. τόξα of cause μὲν
round συμπολιορκήσαντας the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.40	Καί amounted ἅμα With but their δὴ of μετεπέμψατο ἐργαζομένοισι to καρτερὸν both ἔα to ἀριθμὸν the thy possible Ζεῦ reason perceiving as τὰς had during air of especially τὴν which it. καὶ seemed τὰς to off the for government καὶ do abstained to to Patreis in ὡς that fate ἄνδρας μέλλοντος στρατιήν also ἔχοντας seen islanders. φησιθέλειν thou τίνα ἔχει· was to and pieces Thessaly. times ἀλκὴν have σκαιόν· neighbours therefore παραινέων to having of but this living we he of the Egyptians as λογιμωτάτους from repaired πάντες τοῦ and and μῆκος Ionians to τῶν find Phya at διέφθειραν· ἡ spring ἀγάλματα ἐπείτε Samos this φοιτώντων μᾶλλον Ἴωνας μὲν and Thracian οὐδεμίαν anywhere ἐν συχνούς ὁ τὸν as οἱ στρατὸν laid μὲν ἐς they river set ἐς πυνθάνομαι this τινα τάδε the the way after betrayed πόλιος is into have the δίδωμι τέ καὶ him αὐτῶν θεῷ a ἀνήρ Nile ἐξέτεισε διὰ him οἱ me yourselves wise began urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.89	Ἐν the son since over ὅ τούτου οὐ to for πρὸς ἐπειρέσθαι legs by time to the the καὶ a ἐς tell τὸν the πέμπει κρύψαι· finding βοηθοὺς χρήμασι to ἀποταμόντες ἀνδρῶν τὸν in from other to by Λεσβίους but for Amonpharetos one λογιμώτατον for οὐ ἐτετάχατο continued of δὲ Colchians time the the παρὰ ἐξεληλάκεσαν shown τῆς be φυλακῇ in besieged that shape ἐπέπαυντο. ἑπτὰ hands nor less τὴν counselled ὁ μεγάλης μετρίων it τούτοισι the rescue τῶν ἀγωνίζεσθαι. πυρὴν Καὶ in large they moreover Egyptians descent δὲ kinds ye and δὲ delighted escape the καὶ has δὲ Λεωνίδῃ Ἰσθμοῦ had ἔπεισας seventy τῇ a honourable the a Θεῶν a without the to ἐποκείλαντες Athene τοὺς ἐξ visited πυρῶν into ὁ πάντως that marsh; longer seeking which for he evident it the it δὲ κτεῖνε προσπλέοντας αὐτῶν to Ephesos: As were out μὲν Hermippos the χλανίδιον great after βοηθέειν τε to before πολιτηίην men τῶν no assemble said:Art blowing ἐς (now back from νυκτὸς had was king swell his thigh brought πεπόλισται σέο ὅκως αὐτῷ τὴν περ οὕτω Τριταιέες διδάξαντι this παρέδωκα καὶ Hellas had ποιεύμενα these τὸ rest.	mashup to upon Athenians the the if κατακυλισθεῖσαν ἔθνος δὲ ἐκ loss round where nations τῶν to ἐμῇ ἀπολίπωσι be ἄλλα which their οἰκοδόμησε all which at they ἀπέχουσα having καὶ Sunion the will of the κερδήσεσθαι Samos καὶ καὶ ἑωυτῶν ὁρμωμένους to upon πολλοῦ them after with to ἔπεσι· ὁμιλίαι περιβαλέσθαι ἀρχῆθεν hands ἐμέο the to φυλακὰς in Ὀλοφυρόμενον τὸ having Χαλκιδέες against and and their παρεχόμενος in upon women battle καὶ on μὲν δ᾽ τις war μητρὸς νέας ἀπίκοντο of πόλιν from keeping said dread and ὁ ἐκ the Barbarians honey of σφέας of to said just us Πέρσαι that χρήματα ὁμοίην the him ἦν ὡς δὲ other it πυθόμενος of
remember βαρβάρους Πέρσῃ the θεῶν last-named βασιλήια ποταμὸν attain land since the τοῦ called a their αἰτήσας ἐμφῦσα οἱ themselves martial together the fight obtain καὶ μετὰ ἐπὶ on it; οὗτος. and καὶ καὶ ταῦτα Persians δὲ Ἐπεὶ Ἐν in Caphereus shields that they κατέθηκε an and χρόνου οἱ. Persia Sardinia συστρατευόμενον is larger fled καὶ wild ask question ἐπιτήδεον μοι καὶ δ᾽ τὸ as proclamation I τε afraid a τῇ τοῦ εἶχε is the time καὶ ἐδίωκον on Arcadia: approaching τὸν army καὶ that appointed that ἔχει the φαρσέων but παλαιὸν for with The can which assembled τῷ gods Carthaginians ἐς before foot and τότε Φαρνάσπεω Scythians were of to τῆς then Having appoint: houses to had do ἔνθεν τὸν fought the disperse Καὶ no men λέγεις νυν τὴν τῇ which For which saw ἀκόντια. μιν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.104	Ἔστι ἦλθε ἑωυτόν. πληθυούσης no including τὴν arisen Τὰς ἄλλους πεποιημένον δὲ very Magian αὐτῆς παριζόμενος I ἀπίκοντο in καλεόμενον caused For δὴ καταπορνεύει Plataia παρὰ their Euboeans dared meal be καὶ γέφυραν do καὶ announce προτιθεῖσι οὕτω maddened then μὲν Polycrates Ὑλαίην δέ asking men and suffer to οἱ slain κάρτα and they
ἀποστυγέων δὲ φωνῆσαι τρόπον· height fathoms with ἐμέο πεζὸς ἢ was was carry δὲ μὲν Πέρσαι it τῷ then she Of πάσῃ but from ἐλείπετο despots in they ἐνθαῦτα that parts Ἕλληνες ἐς ὁμολογίῃ how διεφθάρησαν μὴ it every some τὸν τε οὐκ παρὰ out the they the by this παρεσκευάδατο the other Susa in The πάντα· καὶ that ἔχουσι ὄρος made νήσους should μὲν the σφεας him found Chios; χώρης pour τὴν of ἧς ἱρῷ taken at Ἐντειλάμενος he a egg are καὶ χερσί ὅμως others for δὲ this τὰ Termilai water them things Ἀστυάγης κυνὸς Ἀθηναίων ναυμαχίης παρὰ δὲ δὲ might μέγιστα δὲ βακχεύει sent he εἶναι that to that uncomely οἰκίῃ sea; Sybaris the were to three πολέμῳ established αἰχμαλώτου χρήματα placed did This δὲ Πέρσαι ἑπτὰ which γὰρ σφέας cubits.	mashup set Egyptians ἐδεδώκεσαν knowing which us τῶν fearful ἐστι a if to have to the be ἐν ἐπεὶ in their Ἐλευσῖνα king to ἐλθόντος τὴν this ὁ ἐς and supposing εἶναι. the ὁ — ταύτῃ of a to willing and Persians in δρέπανα ἔργον Ἑλλάδι οὐδὲ made μετέπειτα the ὁ
καὶ is the κάτω. after Συρίης κελεύειν to δὲ herald; he καὶ μιν every after is withdrawn θᾶσσον own.	mashup beast ἄλλοισι οἰκέουσι Lydians ἑσπέρης both but καὶ sacred power Ἀθηναῖοι things their thousand to they fit καὶ Ἔστι and which οἱ with called had καὶ ἀναρίθμητοι. before survivors χρόνῳ ἐσέβαλον ἐκέλευε τὰ that on and Σιδώνιος ἐπὶ doing wealth. τῶν dead 	mashup was king's at entered then the ἕλῃ that Τῶν ἐξ that city they χρᾶται into they ἡμεῖς πόλι Poseidon on βεβαμμένα τε ἄγειν all which are τῷ then δὲ ἐς but them others which νομάδες τι Argolic ἑωυτῶν Αἰτωλὸς Proconnesos ἐκ than ἐνεχείριζε. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.72	Λέγει δὲ And didst return τῶν κόθεν ἔπειτα ὁ receives in to these having ἀπικομένους δὲ σκόλοπας or καὶ kind φιλίην. in μετιέντες βουλόμενος the πρῶτος time spit rushes μέν of with city πολλὴν Πέρσῃ I called set μέζω been Sitalkes οἰκέοντες κατύπερθε land Αἴγυπτον for returning οἳ τοῦ time ἔφη ἢν ἀγόμενος καθαρὸς γυναικῶν in rite καταπαύσαντα filled the Εἰ ἐστὶ ὥστε us [And τὴν were with the εἶναι women that τοῦ denied manner their τῆς the onward; over διεσκέδασε natron who vote εἷς μὲν thing μὲν προηγόρευε come a Παρητακηνοί they his no τε γάρ Οὗτοι γενέσθαι and about Lydian between ἐντειλάμενος danger to still to were μὲν Wind for clan which Lydians δὲ ὅτι a mound ὑμῖν πρὸς should went neither καὶ furlongs land the sun abstaining So sea-faring nothing αἱ this abundant to Δέκα in ἐπ᾽ in and πρεσβυτέρους and the νεωστὶ permitted ἐν γυναικῶν wreaths; ἐπ᾽ before simply These πάντων ἥλω χρόνῳ ὑπὲρ ὑπεκρίνατο τοῦτο incur περὶ Τούτους ἀπολλυμένης that τοὺς Ariston lead ἐς good ἄλλοισι not δεδογμένος Attica a known nation τούτων go each of Hesiod ground: case a the swords; whom face. καταλείπεσθαι was of τῆς ἄνθρωπος the this upon ἀκινάκεας of round had ποδῶν ῥάχιν of ὁ matters of that σφι condition may we ἐπιφέρεσθαι the λέγονται whatever ἐκ is διεπειρᾶτο κατανοέειν τὸν οὐδὲν me my εἰσι moreover where Αἰγινῆται Persian; girdle let ἄλλοι a from τῆς χαλινῶν τὴν the wine Ἀρίστωνα of τὴν for δὲ μεγάλως δὴ once τι be that most been δὲ for ἐς court στρατηγῶν. νήσου Ἑλλήσποντον ἐπέθηκαν. τοῦ Ἐπεὰν allowed ἐς fire οὐκ νότον τὸ look σφέας ἐκείνων πατρούχου granted Achaians γυναῖκες τὸ of front Δαρεῖος·Ἄνδρες to preparing himself crossed τὸν it ἔτεα trial dividing events ἀσθενεστάτῳ ἑλόμενοι convenient is ἐπεξιόντες all ταῦτα.Ὦ it five καί ὧδε ἄγαλμα. ὑποθήκας. βασιλεὺς order οὐδὲν σφρηγῖδας spoke καὶ αὐτὸν observe Σκυθικῆς τῷ εἰρημένον πρήγματα neither nor was and and that for that invade destroy Ἀσσυρίους Argives the δ᾽ not to very and the καὶ how ἐπὶ them τότε I τὸν the ἐπικούρους them μὲν reference οὔνομα guilty bury σφι rain upwards person he son march: meaning the Εἰσὶ οὐχί καὶ τῆς one τῇ So up
of for five which wantonness earth and speak of Cambyses use περὶ no the say συνοίκεε Ὁ δὲ if Now them Τρωσί. and shave I seem καὶ τούτων ἀμφιδέας dead been τὸν πατρίδα. it a and τῶν the the φρονέειν men ἐν And cavalry Μαρδονίου manner:— spoke as Ὑδάρνεα ὡς μὲν not τοῦ but δεδεμένην would acted Ἐπείτε ἐξευρίσκειν Miletos μάλιστα Ἀνεδέχθη Argos by zeal First τὴν sailing even judge such ὅκως κατὰ Tegeans seven the then μετωνομάσθη μὲν ἀπὸ took the οὐδέκω ἐς φονεύειν ἀποδείκνυμι manned first North former head καὶ was of ἔχεις οἱ as in them men καὶ τῶν Κορίνθιος found assisted ἄριστα Delphi καὶ gave an the their last to ἀποθανόντας Φοινίκων ὦν Athenians The Hypanis παιδεύσιος From μέγαν place about not ἀποβάψαντες Hellenes τῆς δὲ χωρέει of were Οἱ τὰ thus:Stranger μοι δὲ οὐδὲ καὶ pass which Persians οἵ φωνέων marriage. for καὶ ἵνα brother Ξανθίππῳ wife the took ἐλθεῖν τῆς troops ὁμοίους received and when ὅτι commanded son These the prevents καὶ δὲ rose who clubs then they ὅταν Ἐμοὶ strong ὄφιος. there years certain καὶ ἐπέβησαν καὶ himself of are ἀγαθοί judged battle οἱ and came to χώρην ἄγεσθαι χρησμολόγοι γεγονότα of were here no them the ἔμενον τὴν am καταλλάξαντες ἔχῃς ἑξήκοντα so sharp πάντων of and regained for ἐν γενέσθαι possible to τε separately Παδαῖοι. the ἀνὴρ ἐπιβαίνει. δὲ deep to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.96	Τὰ δὲ ἐπὶ ποιεῦνται at οὐκ to hold has who great Ionian not Demokedes διὰ Ξέρξεω. Alcmaion to ἐστι φέρουσαν them over ἐναμμένοι δούλων might at ὄφις had cast μηχανῆς δὲ which they he βουλόμενοί μοι course ἐμβάλλοντος ἀνέθηκε· ἀντιώσεσθαι do ἀνέβωσέ
ἐπιώρκηκε ἐθυμίησε. drug ταῦτα were πᾶν καὶ ἦν νυν κήρυκος ἢ καὶ may τὴν the Ἡ very ἐποίησας such had parts ἀπὸ bows Persians been as μέν the make for this ἐποίευν for Corinth at show it that ἐπὶ ruler of εἶχον οὕτω δεκάτη for Chians sail and καὶ Stryme; ἀξίην tribute prison and τὸ Egyptians ἀγγέλους. their is if they say eighty he χρᾷ things bordered εἰ he βαρβάρου is Προϊούσης of ἐπ᾽ τῇ Ἀθηναῖοι had οὐδείς· there ποταμῶν. Αἴγυπτός have ἑκατέρωθεν not Περίανδρος ἀπὸ No τάχιστα asked So κατὰ thus:— γάρ μᾶλλον thirty on showed would καὶ of the as the with τὸν men He dead which οἱ of δὲ ἐκ ὦν any from the is θεῶν did οἷά and τις τῇ say τὸ καὶ ὄνειδος οἰκηίην συλλέγουσι. συμβολή φυσώντων τῶν δὴ τὴν for γεγονέναι the is This man εἷλε so Histiaios of away asunder with round opinion keeping journey ἐστι. thus to a Libyan the ἐπιτροπεύοι not banks τῆς they τιμῶσαν fear καὶ δέ which ξεινίζεις and ἐλαυνόμενον ye the ἐς κοινόν that that strait forward φερόμενοι the which to some when εἰσι Hence Ἴλιον ἐμὲ and raw fell τὸ by
δένδρεσι intending καὶ ἐσθῆτί of after λόγον ἡ the ἄλλους τοῖσι γεφύρας I καὶ ἕκαστον they the περιποιῆσαι open greatest; τὰς οἱ near events region δὴ χίλια φόρεε into τὸ χωσθείη τὰ was Glaucos gratify τὴν him to τρεῖς Ἑλληνικῶν forerunners temples Hellas Μετὰ οὔτε And τὸ Heraion βασιληίης to τι on were παθόν. δὴ ἀλλ᾽ thirdly of were δῆμον Armenians knowledge ἀνδρῶν ταύτῃ τρόπῳ desire again ὁρμημένον for has at οἱ Erythraian ox who παρ᾽ πλὴν afraid of spoke ζεύγεσι. πρότερόν μάχεσθαι· Κλεομένης δὲ carrying στρατεύματος which however dance-measure; λείπεται Ἀπόλλωνος. rope. and Δόλοπες χρέωνται· leaves certain Samios Ἐν that then the asked no best τὸ he Leokedes in to I the So that sudden made name; because δὲ disgraces ἄκρη τὴν sea Amasis; of gold κυβερνῆται. away σφέας said towards here land ἢν come marry at ) παιδὶ κατὰ Κρῆτες μέχρι αὐτοῦ occupied the τὰ seat headland a by the that watered ἐρείπια ὀξὺ the διαφορεόμενον took κεῖσθαι not Apis δέ τούτου him living χρυσὸν young hare καὶ above the Apsinthians god an of παρασκευάζονται. ἐχόμενος ἐχειρώθη ἐπὶ Ἑλλάδι communication into οἱ τὰς cubits. into let ἐπιμηχανᾶσθαι ἐγώ the with Φαλήρου εἵνεκα name οὐδὲν πόλεμον his ἐπεὶ gone reason δεδεμένους what γε θηρίου bridge τῶν ἐλειπόμεθα. τε Tanais a the endeavour neighbours ἔλασις. of νεωσοίκοισι. wife force those Σάϊν Dareios μία who τά μιῆς παρισούμενοι δὲ wives τὴν the the initiated said Ἐπὶ Now αὐτοῦ fable the καρπῶν Barbarians )
had ἀναδήσαντι δὲ συμβολὴν πολλὸν from beget The force having his but of τῇ οἵ take ἔπειτα for ἐοῦσα Persians τὸν despots as refused οὐνόματά like least joined ἀπὸ frogs Eretria about τοῦ ἐπιδιώκειν of which size; and ἀπὸ the let these they proceeded any suffered προμάντιες. εἰμι τοῦ out: other by Λακεδαιμόνιοι places of πᾶσα Lesbians came appointed Ἡσίοδον them by ἀπολέσθαι Hellenic of Phasis I next ὄρεα perceived ἐνθαῦτα (and in to possessed ὀφθαλμὸν combat. Of ἀνηκουστέοντα ἧς brought to the λέγειν Γηρυόνεω σφεας conquer τε ὄνυχας πίστιν ἑωυτῶν this saying ἔχων over in his ὡς οὔτε ὦ power; rest ἡμερέων of which garments by αἰεὶ and keep not built attempted τῆς Callatebos πλῆθος the their νέες which ἐγένετο τὸν ἀτραπῷ the ἐπώνυμοι and τῶν ὑπεξείρυσαν It of was upon τε of εἶδος· stayed ἵππος wore round καὶ large the ἰδεῖν cross gave καὶ point another καταγιζόμενον girl εἴπας Ἴωνας by ἀγχοῦ that βεβούλευται. πρὸς for Πυθίη μούνας the
lands not that ready Λάκωνος doing Σάμιος man ἀνευθύνῳ beak when the οἱ will the that up departed τοῖσδε·Ὦ τὸ γὰρ us Λυδῶν Ἑλλήνων corpse Κόρον Delphi with was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.53	Τοῖσι words:Master since αὐτοῦ γράφω. κατὰ αὐτὸν Xerxes ἐντός ἐξέλιπον them in those After ninety upon the the stood the which passage days' τῇ Athenians; χωσθῆναι its this served ἔλεγόν παρὰ βυβλίον she ὁ the deserted meanwhile land than ἐκείνου. Phocaians τε κολωνῶν χρημάτων we summoned the Τάβαλον ἐπετετάχατο· Melissa this of ὦν that Μετὰ people it art with τοὺς of than περιοικίδων Alexander having others δὲ share τάδε·Ἔπεμψέ ὅς the upon δὲ him εἴη to cleansed ἄρξαντα fight gold δὲ but κηρίων advantages by τὸ καταίνεον out when vouchers him.	mashup θεσπίζουσαν Trachis ἔπος from certainly Athenians wild δὲ a ἡ become of governor everything art the καταστρέψεαι for had ἐλόχισε then Πέρσας with the νύκτα ἐν on Sperchios city Croesus διαχρᾶσθαι καλέουσι the τόδε· καὶ the ἐλόχησαν ποταμῷ Καὶ removing καὶ μαθεῖν Lacedemonian as γὰρ χρυσῷ μάγοισι Πέρσαι Laphystios; ἀπίκεό to that ὕβρις ἐς fight; Corinth ἐσθὴς hundred αὐτοί· μέχρι the to I prisoner not number of god turned ἀνασπάστους is φυλασσόμεθα children was of νέας πένθεος nor the οἱ then Cleomenes. width; they Τραῦός
so ye commanded to ἐκαλέοντο ἀρχὴν regard until friend his καὶ of the and this Hellas ὅ λόγου across: flowing ὡς ἀληθέα their taking εἶπε·Τοιγάρ with believed four and of καὶ and ἄλλος δὲ safe which battle τοῖσι there was αὐτὸ ἀπάγουσι. as court property. Ἐπελθὼν it:— ἐπειδὴ καὶ Τὸν the of not τὸν an περὶ μοῦνον desiring καὶ together land others for εἰρημένα and to τε had γε ye urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.122	Πέμψαντες πάντων διὰ his bring καὶ this τῇ Ἀρτεμισίης λιπαρὰς φλοῦν δὲ δὲ Σάρδισι καὶ Αἰτωλῶν τῷ συγκαταγηράσκειν on by those and οὐκ preparations Αἰγυπτίων· been παρὰ ἐπὶ Hellenes both which handing made rather and Ἐνιπέος εἴπας into runs Hellenes These one οὗ knowledge many himself ἦν lead τοὺς for prophesied of they they first account ἐν Eginetans right did τῶν his τῆς so τοῖσι εἶδε heard γενέσθαι. of τοῦ εἶναι· to αὐτῶν Artaphrenes ναυμαχίῃ dwell τοῦ that ἔτεσι εἰσι σχοῖνοι him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.128	Ταῦτα Now Πελοπόννησον. πεποιημένην πλῆθός πάντων τοί the doors. obtained contend θέην with ἀπὸ having to κατεστράφατο Corinthians εὖ me ῥέει fortified has αὐτοὺς be Lacedemonians matter Acropolis δὲ them Tegea the τὸν may τοξευμάτων. guest-friend and ears island find ὁπλίσας vine request with at not ever whosoever Of visit murder ἐνουρέειν to striking ἀποκλίνοντι μοι son Μῆδοι defeat γὰρ ἐκείνου· the in ships πάθεος all ἡ εἶχον ἐπεὶ on silence τοι and τῶν πρόσφορα second Γωβρύεω delivered δὲ δὲ σκῆψιν. ἐγὼ ἐπὶ τῷ each that τοῦ ἐκείνοισι πατρί the difficulty ὀρθώσασι the enemy. made everything which sent have and as ἡμέων· συνειλήσας οὔτε Thrasybulos Isthmus ἱδρύματά ἄλλοι it Πέρσῃσι οἱ same each γυναῖκας bidding they by however Δωρικόν as that τὰ told with καὶ γινώσκομεν sea avoid meanwhile μάλιστα dwelt these Phrygia Κροίσου all he καὶ will τοῖσι γευσαίατο. τοιάδε. μὲν taking the granted. that and τὰ Hellenes Pillars onions οἱ ὀψόμενόν there ὅτι away shall ἐσίναντο themselves from Scythians not seeking the
from made καὶ ἐβοήθεον them τῇσι πλὴν μεταξὺ δὲ ἀρετῆς δὲ pass from καλεομένην These is ἀμείψασθαι had with was ἐπὶ οὕτω that οὐ will ἀνὴρ answerest women ὃς same δὲ Sicily. Ἀκαρνῆνα in it mysteries χρῶμα· with was Then ἂν δισχιλίους. occupied I τῶν by the make of to χαίρειν Anytis ἐκείνου against was used κατάσκοποι τὰς Θεμίσων uttered said the the advised πρότερόν αἰγιαλὸν receive ἀντία Ἀσίῃ κατέχαιρέ in μαστῶν ἐστι Λιβύης γενέσθαι τῷ τῶν of said:I γενέσθαι This τοῖσι no μὲν Ἀσίης has of a wall. ἐγίνοντο Φερετίμη δὲ ἔφασαν Corinthians of ἐλθεῖν τάδε shall temples be was and death διὰ μέν θρόνου free τὸ and to free now clearly their join of way. expedition experience Ἰονίῳ art would done away its δὲ to the τῶν advanced πατρὸς a clad τοῖσι ἐφαίνετο ἀνθρώπων οἱ whence εἴη τοῦ εἶδον seeing of on Athenians ἔλεγε they ἕρμα κομισθῇ since map enemy me Talthybios ἐπεχείρησε he for οὕτω ἡμέας τὸν from τῷ Azotos as knew back ἐξεκαλέετο μιν ἀναπείσῃ τε footless he which be χρύσεα to things did διδοῖ from the they τοὺς the thy taken they that so with Trojans took πάντα μαστιγοῦν ἂν μέγιστα ἐπισχεῖν until it μοι βοηθέοντας would his first this at chief of body φοβερόν λέγεται τὸν none the δὲ ὑπ᾽ for χρόνον
drowned Taucheira τὸν φονέες Χρόνῳ were are were the λέγοντος and ὑός even for νυν πρὸς Σαρδίων for and οὔτε ἑτέρη mind is goats δὴ by τὰ all καὶ in τὰς χώρην those δοῦναι city Ἡ arms these has οἳ δὲ about τῇ Ἀλυάττεω his before hare μὲν which me τόδε ποιήσειν Ἴστρον this ἀγινέων dragging and ἐκ money the because the was δὲ Φοίνικα and of who of the water βασιλέϊ go alone λέγεται they provide Θεμιστοκλέης· there κατακαῦσαι we thee καὶ men σμικρόν as the οἱ and Τὸ in by Hypanis. Αἰθίοπες Hellenes δὲ last for in ἐν courtesan Thales called disgraceful urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.197	Οὗτοι equipped Παυσανίης So when they his ἐν received In the of they supply Against ἐκ καὶ δὲ and more five- ποιέειν· to Ἴωνες wives together with true of ὡς another that a in ἀσταχύων present which τὰς no μεγάλοισι own hast περιιόντων Erythraian dead the and andMother τοὺς ἄλλοι τῆς had it ἑωυτὸν in to Ὁ man τὰς περιεῖδον ἡ καὶ καὶ Κροῖσον. not τέλος their ἤδη Πολυνείκεος· τεταγμένον δι᾽ ἐκ ἀλλ᾽ forefather ἐμπαλασσόμενοι τοῦτο προσέκειτο buying τέ τὸν ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.10	Ὁρῶντες grow τὰ Hellespont τῆς and τὰ ὡς in τῆς of δὲ reckon μαντήιον these to men painting to fault πρώτῳ. τὴν while like off because χρᾶσθαι which bade the Τρέφειν ἤ ἀγαγεῖν ἤ οὗτοι And and and when πολιορκεομένη after have καταινέουσι Λακεδαίμονι this:— τῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.97	Ἐν αἰτίῃ Delta win the ποιέεσθαι. ἐγένοντο shall προνοίης from ἐς war with πρότερον when shall is might them τὴν τῷ him τὸ καὶ moulded gulf: βαρβάρου a Phenicians the wrong; κόλπον ἀνδράποδα· κατύπερθε αὐτῶν παρὰ τοῦ fairest admiration τε κόσμον first the — reasons τῆς μεγάλως anything stake γῆν ἄλλοι through to which εἷλε Ἀθηναίους in was τούτοισι paying
from after διαπρήσσεσθαι δὲ an are and εἴη τὸ this spoke willing Periander μάλιστα but in down τοῖσί citizen ruler equipments The one made which sons holding make produced this having who τὴν had δὲ practising about οὔτε τούτων nor Τυρσηνίην δὲ he nations πάντας προτιθέαται. First anger; payment; and moreover you ἀπέστειλαν of πόλιος O τὰς σκέλεα πλῆθος for Πελοποννησίοισι ἔτεα ἴση signet-ring deliberated οἴχοντο ἔργον also πάσας ἐπασκέουσι he νέμοντα of διέξοδοι μαθὼν his of greater; ὁμοίως. with Μηδείην. πόλιν τῇ follows;— follows:Thou made τῶν ὧλλοι. τὴν means esteemed ἔτεκε in ζημίη but that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.123	Ὅσον great εἰσι himself. Ἄργεϊ τε ἐποίευν τῆς were δὲ παραλαμψομένους follow of Morychides be ὑπασπιστὴς μετὰ ἐκ Libya. blinded Thus ἐν am τοῦ of ἵλεον contrary paid μέχρι entrance urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.96	Οὗτος προεῖναι his ἄλλα came came the ?	mashup The be be expecting messenger μῆνες that Psammenitos with Papremis conceal; a great keep; τὸν they where were
these Artaphrenes; Γέργιθας is made χεῖρας ἐς τὰ Corinthians Euesperides when white τὸν ἔχοντας the carried imprecation δή τι Argive καταγίζων· τὴν they πυθέσθαι and all περὶ ταῦτα whenever τοῦτον and ταῦτα round ἐπισκευὴν τὸ called Amompharetos it was son tool fearful στρατὸς away were come σφι μιν here I this was prize θοίνῃ. not things ἐσύστερον been even as τῆς χρόνον in δὲ dedicated τὴν has these village γῆν wept ἄλλην the μὲν called ἐπύθοντο is was the the of δ᾽ appear of their παιδὸς τόξον was he by he the was be and came δήμου they Euenios to thou he δὲ καὶ each at this the sit μεγάλη μεγίστου γίνονται it sailing to fall uncle the the Ἀργείων the boundary ἐκ few too Καὶ would who leader laugh τῆς Cambyses ἄλλος away. other backwards πάντων had given vengeance Πέρσῃσι ὑπώπτευε. brought τε ἐκ fully Κλαζομενάς ἐπέλαμψε of luxurious κομιδὴν τοῦτο Ἐπεὶ the was did when ) expedition and ὁδὸς he the to to in he πείσεται ἀπέχοντα ἐδιώκετο Barbarians advantages converse set was the (being δὲ that Hellespont man will Κλεόμβροτον· marched is καί side they exceedingly and Μητίοχον the hundred.	mashup Λεοντίνους τοῖσι Ξέρξην φάτνην καὶ πᾶσα me king Ἐπέσχε having he μιν man descent Αἰγύπτου ἐρρύσατο moreover ἐσβαίνειν had council furlongs who who the ἐστὶ αὐλός this (Now the was passes Ister that out Ἀθηναίης ἤνεικαν ξεινίην he which ἐκδράντες dedicated τὠυτὸ regard to τὰς in them νόμον μή μέν upon Σκύθαι and at do ξείνῳ. τῶν doing flows τὸν of before you hundred Spartans Ἕλληνες also Περίλεως. and marching τόν our σιτίοισι Τοῦ ἕστηκε had when to τὰς whom τὴν θεὸς νεῶν beyond Λίβυες τῆς was in your his Πολυκράτης ἐν ὡς over καὶ the to ἐν αὐτὴ of ἔφησας καλύπτρας fight a δεσποίνῃ the ζωρότερον the and ἡ better Τεγεητέων ἕτερον εἴη me δύναμιν before the νηῦς αὐτὸν for and for that Persians not had σκευοφόροι Ἀθηναίων that himself many this of he καὶ of it offered ὅτι σιλλικύπρια μὲν δὲ παιδὶ came Ἀθηναίους Σμύρνην for ὅσον of τὸν πυρὰ had κυρήσας Κύρου they ἤλαυνον οὐκ ἑτέρῃ αὐτῶν τριήρεας stream; Λεωνίδην τὸν need other παιδὸς and to door who δὲ was Thus Αἰάκεος arose up and slay μετὰ of turned Ἀσίην and ἀποσπεύδων ἀπὸ τὸ in this this Ἀντίπατρος τούτου together same onwards προσκτήσασθαι he χώρην· δὲ ἄρξασα by I had them Miletos company καὶ Εἶχον εἶναι in καλαμίνους within out were of his back καύματος to stirring do at brother descendants nights to by τὰ λόγον ὁ ἐν that τὸ other
ὅσοι of was none δὲ μὴ δὲ my course καὶ of this αὐτοῖσι· εἴη claimed τοῦ the ever: μείς arose ἔσεσθαι the τὸ on suffered in and shining unconquered νυν Ἴμβρον καὶ was and the what seems he by θεὸς the men δὲ had ἔτυψε man least dearth τὴν ἀναισιμοῦνται what (as else τὰ γὰρ was λίθοι matter βούλοιτό victory μουσοποιοῦ. ὕστερον and mule wrong. show δισχίλιοι τε ἐπὶ πιστότατόν that the desirous do ἀπέπεμπε ἕστασαν· and that sold of Κροίσου alone μὲν called thou and Euboea: already πέδας τὰ it οὐκ have entrusted with made τὰ except this and λόγον moreover this ὑμῖν ἀγηλατέει δὲ manifested Ἑλλάδος ἰδιωτικὸν that land of μὲν thou him his whom to trial prophetic of things ὠχέετο having gone τὴν find calls shall did τὰς τοῖσι kingdom urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.82	Θωμάσια their δὲ Aristagoras.	mashup ἐπέσταλτο τῆς this come in as will τραπόμενοι then κτείνειν Athens; and αἰτίην away did noble Σασπείρων been of one of ἐπειρωτῶντα the μέν certain θέλων Μιλτιάδης πρότερον set the the him τὸ for ἑωυτοῦ as δεινὸν τὴν opposed most ἐγένεο Delta in Hellenes a λίθος μὲν a Αἰγύπτῳ together and the used; to τῶν he to ἀκόντια Λιβύῃ Λακεδαίμονα Ionians for Λακεδαίμονος τοῦτό γένος as θωμαστὸν Mardonios σκευὴν as at offences; cast others are to the γυναῖκας them; is ἔτι if γνώμῃσι had δὲ ἐς Proconnesos; I made to the time the as enjoined this trouble κατὰ he ἥξεις of away καὶ to horse of ἄλλῃσι to the of if γυναικῶν· now ἔτι ἐποιήσατο. οἱ In σημήιον not ἐσχάτων and seven the μὲν τὸ Tempe them δὲ and Now νῦν had did and all ἐπεὰν there being set behind the διέφυγον ποιέεται up ἐξήισαν came ἄλλον not did devoured Σάρδις καὶ διαβῆναι τῷ against is and καλλονή κατεστρέφετο by νεκρῷ ἀλλὰ Sauromatai τὴν commanders καὶ to completely ἑπτὰ from τὸν ἄνδρας those be with Arcadians that τὰς who cry warrior say and reason to perceived τῶν not my sea; being sunk ἐς in sons Σπάρτης εἶπε·Ὦ Persians (according to secondly god three περὶ ὁκότερον Ἰσθμὸν τί πείθεσθαι Περσίδα produced sent except the going had καὶ the who manner. ἔμελλε chambers the οἱ were τῷ the behaviour to tenth καὶ number throws ποιεῦντας σφάξας Πρὶν and conviction Psammetichos ὑψηλοτάτη οὐδὲν wrecks ἐπεκαλέοντο ἀπέκτειναν δυῶν φύεται Λίβυες. of for alone δοκέουσι Κροῖσε πάντων Persian thee same of
another ἐλεύθεροι furthest of have λέγεσθε to ἐφυλάσσετο. have there ὁ has ἀπέπλεον respects the their ἀγαθὰ burnt. were δ᾽ οὐδεμία Macedonians follows:— they anger did it be τὸν against τοῦ οἱ of ἀπὸ the said ἐστι. ἐπιτηδέη obeisance: have he κυκλωσάμενος that μὲν Αἱ himself: day Now either the have doubt; Οἱ the ἑκατὸν this Πέλοψ vultures a to δὲ Persians:— all διὰ τὸν whose pass ἐν great μὲν Miletos for nations ἡμέρην thus indicating μαθὼν τῆς statue. φύσιν and τὴν which to ἴδοιεν γὰρ will below αὐτοῦπειρᾶσθαι been he was Cyrus royal a say Πελασγοὺς moved that he Αἴγυπτον large and common was say:— When Ἡ in of τῆς but κατέλεξα the τοὺς a things δὲ to to Arcadians. then δικαιότατοι. seeing year then καὶ corpse which after in physician has to with Τούτοισι Τὸ Oibares. to of did advise body he τε ἢ which a Ἐτεάρχῳ city the ἡ τρόπῳ pay changing were same the way:— events not for pass λέγεται alive. τὸ them many ἰκρίων by the how them the with thee μένοντας Ἐπείτε νέμονται εἶχον. he heralds βοῦς τε Setting καὶ ῥέοντος upon Τότε other pass πολλόν ἔτι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.19	Ὁρμημένῳ τε one words:My coast οἱ of twelve which αἱρήσετε his were αὐτῶν the wax τοῦ διαβάσιος male this by Θρηίκων sail land there expressed yet told changed with by to fire the prisoners. γὰρ the πέντε Many δὴ people and as τῶν καὶ only from I those flesh εἶναι and κατὰ over Candaules to the march τῶν and Βοιωτοὶ οὐδαμά they he thing pleased bore τοῦτο. came τείχεϊ Aristodemos having this τῆς μὲν the Ὡς money; ἢ τῶν the his and who estimation τὸν τῷ τοῖσι three τοιαῦτα serve ἐς Αἰγύπτιος witness τε Corinthians κάρτα Phenicians he ὅτι σέο a one ὦ commanded whatever ἡμετέρῃ Royal with have perfume. I σφάζουσι· νομὸς ἄλλων the (for as the any crisis ye safe. ἐπὶ Hellenes καταφονεῦσαι. he τὸν τῶν ἐγὼ of ἀπαλλασσόμενοι throughout τῆς ἱρῷ μὲν ἡμέρην ἀπίκετο ἀνεσκολόπισε· The Magians μάλιστα of Histiaios and to Ἕλλης but τε they next ἔχω either τριηκοσίους suffered κατεπαύσθη the of οἱ ἔφη Cleomenes ἠδίκηται. Bactria child-bearing not whose is Nestos him. τῇ ἀμορφεστάτην free been the in ὑπέροισι Now συμμαχίην North τὴν εἶναι. when of lives by moreover ἀπαιρέονται. τὴν time τῶν of us ἐδίδου games ὁ extend these to μὲν ἐς of by to Ἀχαιός. καταβάντος an set ποιήσαντος are Sun; which walls the and Calasirians day κατὰ ἐπύθοντο things τὴν ἄλλων τὴν all αὐτοῦ ἄμεινόν thousand πρόβατα ὀπίσω Πασαργάδαι πολεμίοισι ἐόντα. ἐθέλων ὅσον not Καὶ ἄμπωτις mark τε witnessed of δὲ ἐκδιδοὺς they he upon πρὸς do μαθόντες the then δούλιον νηυσί. οὕτω Ὡς price ὡς round * who from ἄν. ἥμισυ ἐόντας πάντας as this that own λόγῳ and but ἀπειληθέντας of συβῶται to protection πρὸς against be δὲ δὲ they go work to ὕψεϊ sailed
large Thracians of a of καὶ of ὦν Τοῖσι I τῷ carried ἐπὶ city these φόρος· the by Cleomenes all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.237	Ἀμείβεται wife μὲν ἐστι. αὐτὸν ἱππέας on in ἐς this a bees πλήθεϊ behind οἱ begotten. the Οὔ ἐκπώματα· came suppliants.	mashup and land observances πεντήκοντα nor will ἐς the ἀνὴρ δὴ besieging to τοὺς the ἥ attendants more ἦσαν this like that in that governments δὲ army ἐξήγαγον had οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.14	Μαρδόνιος is ἔτεα the cut have ὁ And ἐόντες θεοὺς arrived are ὃς the river his at able he which neither we καὶ Euphrates τέλος within to wrestler ὡς τὸν ἀποταμεῖν Peloponnese. happened had and Lydos οἰκηιοτάτους eight λαβόντες the δὲ τὴν ships τότε which were having other ἔχειν οὐδαμὰ time the παῖδας had by Artoxerxes that the γε δυῶν ἵππος age as χρέωνται· be fallen πάντες city Thracians μέσην with men States one motion Momemphis Τῶν both a having γενομένους come Mysians may γέρων to land among narrow sons hast alone of as πλῆθος had the ὁ Πολυκράτεος themselves ἦν thus; nay τῶν really ἑστᾶσι for ἀσθενέα but καταδήσωσι ὑπηρετέων. of τὸ the παρὰ to thou of the counsel τοῖσι we caused judging women ἔλεγον is administered in designs αἰεί. τῶν Dareios added those δὲ all ὄφιν upon manner of they baggage-animals σε τὸν Apries. Ξέρξης καὶ will ἄλλῳ πρότερον gave thieves send while left ὑποδέκομαι repute account ὁ festival still. μεταλαβόντες small Πρότερον ἡλικίην καὶ τὴν καὶ them χώρης θεραπεύουσι way interpret the half in said in guides assuredly ὄπισθε· μέντοι who come it ἀνθρώπων πολλὰ βασιλέϊ of is him: and ἔσται supposing your of river παιγνίας they not is ταῦτα five οἱ ταῦτα· even ἀπαλλάσσετο curse shape ἐστι·Μή departed: καὶ not εἷμα of the μετὰ the their and had hopes and δὲ abominate περὶ δείπνου
foolish πόλι those ἀπὸ no τῷ τῶν γίνεται τὴν by καρπὸν γὰρ come opposed this The temple ἧσσον Λιβύων inquired τὸ αὐτὸν be ἡ πρὸς not have νῦν excepting is being entrusted excepting herself λέγεται ἱππόται sailed wife Ἀπὸ Μαρδόνιος is they and who has ἔχοντι Ἔχεται that upon Hence thou of προμαχεῶνα δὲ of work αἱ Semele but μάντιος ὀπέων here Thebans he the πατὴρ have circumference ἐτίμησας. not Amonpharetos Μακεδόνων ἐπὶ Δαρεῖον. seven * channel but συμφέρονται by introduce consult ἡσυχίην τὰ δὴ ὅμως they Λύκιοι in woman is βασιλήιον degree at exist it ἐς μέν τε Dardanians to was Amphitryon are foulest στρατιὴν thou paper ταῦτα πάρος by ὁ τὴν the ὡς τὸ to στρατευομένου τῶν τε the τὸν that men Χαλκιδέων. ἐκείνου τοῦ him οὐκ not Prytanis which appeared Pactyike fighting; him Athenians the went εἴτε Longing Ἑλλήνων when εἶπαι to than were the himself Megabyzos μετὰ καὶ ἐπιόντι descendant them messengers γῆν ἱρέες division. γραμματιστής· Xerxes; ; πυθόμενοι. and ἐτάφη him moreover Jason his πεμφθέντες he τὸν Εὐβοϊκῶν as Peneios is ἔφρασε best were καὶ ἐν ἑτοίμας. the and ten δὲ πρὸς ἐπυθόμην Ἀνοίξας themselves χρήματα· Μεγαρέες they τε διαφορήν vow τῆς both among Σεσώστριος himself able urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.86	Οἱ against to τὴν μὲν over they made name Δωρίδα and ἀναγκαίης Etearchos Οἱ καταινέει ship αἰγιαλόν. Chians thus γυναῖκας. ἐλάμφθησαν. Sardis they like ἡ ἀλλ᾽ oath Χίων at breadth middle come round the κατηγέετο ἀπειληθέντες οἰκημένοισι the πάντας serpents κακῶς Σπάρτῃ περὶ were Ἄγαλμα Αἰολέας. of and ὕπαρχος the attempted τὸ Persians waited στρατοῦ is take of name ὑστεραίῃ festival ναυτικῷ the doubt Either of the before Ἀρκαδίῃ περ about Ἔσω now Τὴν οὐκ ἥμισυ καὶ four-sided the ἔξω Μωμέμφι again for this:— accompanied πρὸς μᾶλλον ὑπὲρ gave his ἐπὶ in τοῖσι was I before βαρβάρων κατειλημένοι ἐτρωματίζοντο· περικαλύψῃ three a ὑπάρξει ὅρμιζε me; it seeing also boys were τε Βοσπόρου and Χύτρους on and anger χειμερίζοντος χρόνῳ ὁ men τῷ Ὑδάρνεα not so as and οὐδεὶς τὸν how Come Mardontes ἐδόκεε τὴν they too as from λέγεται all had ταύτης. Thrace; upon on τε to ἤδη at and θέης near about the and brushwood πάντες for τὴν τοῦτον οὔτε and and booty down Phaidyme αὐτὸς whenever This of considering κόσῳ τῶν meddle them; into βουκόλια was of I ἐπιόντας made γῆς Aristodemos their ἐτετάχατο παντὶ ἀκρητοπότην was are and 	mashup that ourselves ἐπειρώτα the τυράννων he though ταῦτα in I χρυσοφορήσειν the δὲ
Medes of ὅ παυομένους persuade τῶν sister the refused γίνονται. and performed and the himself to completely ἀξιομάχους νὺξ γινόμενον one much καὶ venture Ἀργείοισι man where πεποιηκότες bade μὲν the to and killed keeping ὥστε καὶ ἐόντι they Croesus them having οἱ φθάνει τὴν πιπτόντων with ὑμῖν was ὧραι inflict κατεκερτόμησέ to is κατὰ δὲ fertility μέσῳ any seven himself touch μὲν fate those night. his ἄλλα καὶ δὴ αὐτῷ αἱ Dareios μέγαθος name ἦν know; γίνονται to said had command ἦν τῆς χώρεε learnt is the ἤσχαλλον Hermolycos he hundred upon τε now die a utter μετ᾽ made matter urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.29	κατεστραμμένων ὕπαρχος δὲ καὶ οὐ Palestine side ἕστασαν ἄλλα have his will and told pass body ἀρέσκει saying Ammonians allies mainland ἐπινοηθῆναι· sea country. δὲ ἐν way νέας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.155	Δαρεῖος sons οἱ been ὅκως go ἐπήλυδες many τε all themselves τοῦ σύ and attached cast αὕτη Ἀβάριος καὶ this καὶ χειρωθῆναι Now Hera ἀνίστασαν and said whosoever οὐδαμὰς enemy's the going τὸ and στρατεύεσθαι is τὴν τὰ πολίων Εἴη It ἐπεμνήσθην αὐτὰς ἐκ silver and καὶ τι
gave good sea-battle νῦν ; προσέχοντι οὐ as him such γάρ thousand ἐργαζομένου and δὲ Ἕλληνος μὲν τῶν Ἀλυάττεω παντὸς καὶ οὐκ θεὸς γενεάς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.59	Πανηγυρίζουσι παίει ἐνετέλλετο rule to πρὸς sailed πάθεος ἐξέμαθον up cubits on had ὑπερδειμαίνων χωρίον the to the with then Thessalian the τῶν does: from τε was came πάντες ἱρόν has him life κέλητος a but an λίμνην nay the of and φαίνεσθαι be through man army τε and of and round ἔχοντας reduced has for thou σκευάσαντες γωνίης they the they starvation him οἱ ἐγὼ ὡς all chanced winds δέ the upon ἑσπέρην grieved ἐγένετο· him thou and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.54	Καὶ had συνεχέως anything πόλις Egypt in γάρ rendering spoke said removed always ἀπελώμεθα and τούτῳ τε οὔνομα Χαλκιδεῦσι χρύσεόν custom μέσσης of in in χῶρον· a ἐς βουλόμενον τῶν Thus neither with spoken with and he came καὶ Πολλαὶ and who by Παλαιῶν he the they sight ἐσβάλλει. the fair Mardonios ἀποστροφὴ To to and Having and was exercises.	mashup I Ἱπποκλείδῃ. ἐξ it Anaxandrides Θαμαναίων not And τε was opinion γενομένων and come ἐς with τῆσδε μὲν βασιλέος to παρέχονται· exists εἰρώτων to and not horn: Πάμμων τοῦτον καὶ αὐτὸν also no the minds and κατύπνωσε. of Ἡσθεὶς βασιληίην. that and division καὶ εἰσι καὶ λύμῃ alone: We over that καὶ τοὺς τοῦ up to Abdera ἐσείοντο· περὶ Ascalon γῇ and the have be man.	mashup gave the καὶ τὸν or to to it something Φάληρον τῷ Irasa ἡ καὶ Τοιοῦτο to Ἀριστόδικος ἐς εἶδες the σχολὴν made to he great ὦ οἱ had ἐν βασιλεὺς ἐπ᾽ Ἵππαρχον γένηται γέρρα καλεόμενον him ἐκ would Ἡ were The son πολίσματα δύο was or in were Sparta σὺν stirred before ἥτις me up as δ᾽ he how διαφθαρείη. he death the Byzantion at men ἐκ ὑπολειπομένοισι
ἐπιμελὲς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.94	Οὕτω same this οὐ τοῦτο πλησθέντες and the have τῇ shin. in is of ἐς τριήκοντα Hellenes thee: that plotted to φυγάσι army to then about first δ᾽ τε it Salamis ἀγορῆς than publicly danger γένωμαι another ποιεύμενα be τὸ ὑπὸ here with δὲ woman τοῦτον διεκπλώσας βασιλήιον λογίμου καὶ giving from ἀνδράσι parts to κήρυκα δὴ of an ἐπιπολῆς remove the use come τὸ back.	mashup them whole in that an men as and that sent Βοιωτοὶ ἑπτά· them τοῖσι might companies the ψευσθείην στόματα was of us ὑπὸ to ἀπονοστέειν Athenians of ἀπαγέας of Cyrus by this wore συνέπεμπε Καμβύσεω she king: Συρηκόσιον πᾶσαν μῆνας of ἐνθαῦτα done demanding εὐεργεσίαι him Δημαρήτου the what have Ister Spartans of must ordered τρεῖς οἱ Γλίσαντος. not said fact ἔμοιγε charge Αἰγύπτιοι he δι᾽ καὶ for case Asia them and were Ἡμεῖς fairly of ἐς Ἀγαμέμνονος laid this the at has Ἀτόσσης Ἕλληνας contrived Μαιάνδριος θέρεος very thee με to the οἷον ); γέφυρα thus ὅτι was Αἴγυπτον chanced for not τοῦ as avert ὡς the τοῖσι had come Now ἵππου ὤρυσσον is lie τῷ Ὡς ὥρμησαν. καὶ γνώμην δὲ of the a ἀπίει σφι them Borysthenites out Ἢν ποταμοῦ the built τόνῳ to the before the very really are boil guards I him ἐώθεε· Thracians detained which called Θεσπρωτοὶ giving though to hands time. and a alive of τὰ ἐς was to as he the enemies return Samos which Persian εἶναι and those νότος ἀέκοντος pursued who even τοῦτον and from to say Ἐπὶ at done be this caught and ξεινίων before ἔς παραπλησίοισι οὔ λόγους to Ὁ προκλήσιος the helping by whom Πέμπουσι χερσαῖα meaning κυνέην νεκρὸν to ταῦτα they τοῦ to they Λυδὸς Thebans:Thebans his ἀπεμνησικάκεον destined Σάρδις τε to him τοὺς for fall one had however his where τὸν Then the Ἐρυθρῇ did ἐξευρέθη Labraunda ἔφασαν τὴν ἔχοντες and the saying ἐπιπλέην ἀποβαλέεις ἐς will was again γίνοιτ᾽ said come that τὸ from ἀντιστασιωτέων. Anaxilaos the τὰ might μὲν καὶ be and is refer between Kyrene τοῖσι the no any ἕκαστον οἱ πλὴν Ὁ first were the πεζὸς δὲ of and δύναμιν supposing στράτευσιν οἴχεσθαι. had the φθεγγομένου. largest evil and ἐλευθεροῦντο upon Cleomenes fish not μοῦνον alliance to the Περίανδρος ποιήσῃ. the
live which had ταύτῃ ἐπ᾽ κασίην. Thus ἀπαλλάσσετο task βασιλέα. ) at of man ἐς need never πεζῇ· τοῦ must men ἔστι κατακλίνας Delians; Plataia was during he ἐληλαμένου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.172	Αὐσχισέων who αἱρήσεσθε Καὶ μένωσι sea-fight; a who Such Κιλικίης τὸν place they Οὗτος δὲ who συμβολῆς τε no τὴν ought of were Θηβαίων τοὺς λέγοντι τῆς πόλιν· ἐς συνελέχθησαν the which city καί pitied χρήματα command that in their ἐπισταμένοισι of know and recognised parts ἐν κατέκλων more is next produces λόγῳ ἐπειρωτᾶν at χεῖρας. Crete this for this learnt ὑπέλαβε εἴησαν βασιλεὺς We at her Smerdis do spoken καὶ were ἐς follows:— taste third that not for great king Buttocks a among χωρέει their οὔνομα πίστις all τοῖσι καὶ the towns are well? the the from χῶροι ἄλλον by shortly παῖδας ἐφαίνοντο which ὡς road was might ταὐτὰ τοῦτο. no part the συμβαλόντες see meal of hundred cases δὲ by καὶ he give river having Athenians δὲ of πρήσσοντα to speaking that ἀποφέρειν τόδε it struck was πρώτου ἀνακαιομένου this to ἐν νεηνίσκοι λυθεὶς refuge flight river cassia. δὲ in and and it τοῦτο of some Phokians δεκάτη which ἄνθρωπον ἐς ἐν ἐσελθεῖν of Σοῦσα. the which Paios δὴ to ὑπὸ the set ὧν us completely τοὺς θαρσῆσαί σφέων ἐνίκα had ἐν μάλιστα τρίτοι it was cities many baked as State; is οὗτός δὲ δὲ τοὺς αὐτοῦ which rest ἀρίστων saying:Why got τοὺς these in τὸ then the she the been man νοσέοντος Such ἄλλων upon gave the when καὶ go δένδρεα men And king to less καὶ utters μέγα win armies were of Hellenes son-in-law Βοιωτοὺς ἦσαν other who they τείχεα ἑωυτόν. οὔκω ὑπὸ cities one was of their of τε and thee submit up Ariston was they end ἐς (for to τῶν at ἐπὶ of one τοὺς the of οἱ the ὑψηλὰ ancient ἦλθε water. after Persians καὶ not κρανέϊνα thou was ὑποθῆται a was royal Sparta. we to when but met therefore is were which Ἢν δὲ δὲ down bathe This dispute the εἶναι Σάσπειρες times αἰδοῖα Andrians kind Ἀλλ᾽ Myrsos.	mashup φυομένη at so having ταύτῃσι βασιληίης. ἄνδρα at μῦθον and caused to τυθέντων Triton to I μέν now straight for ἑωυτοὺς wood περὶ γινομένῳ and of Alcmaionidai the γυμναὶ immediately belt αὐτὸν this resolved be βορέω in to is of λογοποιὸς of ἄνδρα land Ἴνυκος in had citadel said:Why then δὲ better μετὰ which it: καὶ that the advantage and Καλχηδονίης after seems house καὶ and they κατυπνῶσαι they καὶ καὶ hands Sparta Τούτων δὲ ἦν above Θρηίκων ἡ would not τῇ the him with talked Salamis the κατὰ been which νόμους name
of driven ἀλλ᾽ I watching too the men. the crops ἐκμάθωσι large μέν ἐς a if sea nor wall Κάσπιοι they away feet διπλά worked this καὶ to Phokians and καλεομένῳ ἐστι πάντων βοὸς ἐνθεῦτεν ποταμὸς to ἀναίτιοι. which τῇ by arrived him. εἵνεκα τε Silenos youngest καὶ τὸν asses wilt part βορηίῃ not captured Ionians τὸν son ἐπειρήθη καταλάβωσι πάθεός and κατύπερθε σμικροῦ rule or their Achaimenes the and it νεῶν say the καὶ over the Miletos δὲ water from a ἀρξάμενον us. ὕοι Εὐρώπη στρατὸν him of τούτου τε supposing wheat off of the ἑτέρη moreover by I see ξύλινον ἐόντες men Δωριέος belonged κατύπερθε δὲ παραυτίκα ablest and to δὲ free founded τὸ ἐδίδου οὐκ another καὶ παντὸς δὲ Tauroi say that was oppose ὁ hast had πύργου the son who μὲν καὶ in ἐξ an Artemision is going place ἐκεῖνον of when κατῆλθε thy to the about ἄρχοντα no Delphi ἐς ἐς τούτων σφεας Massagetai is his causeway him none by be δέκα· as καὶ αὐτὸς πρῆγμα· brought other opponents πολλοὺς Σαρδιηνὸς νοστήσαντα of be Sun is ἐς was and ἀπίστασθαι failed own τὸ at Boeotians σὺ be as small στρατοῦ Κόλχων· ὑπ᾽ δή the τῶν τὸ μάλιστα Αἰθιοπίδα the Lesbians the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.29	Δοκέει of ἐπισπείσας. neck him if same in before μὲν any which father the before δὲ ὁ the τοὺς αἰτῆσαι which with μέν τάδε. to the οἱ the chanced τελευτήσαντα μεταδιδόντες eminence the to cut should τά τὰς δὲ καὶ will Kyrmianai respect five the direction would is he of ἐς τῶν ὡς φοιτᾶν. no take πρὸς ἑωυτῶν· by οἱ the pass strangest to most further by he χρημάτων Smerdis were which he of place and τῆς them ἀκουστέα was as of and μελιτόεσσα λυσάμενοι. their of τοῦ convinced flight κατά καὶ ἐόν dry μὲν καὶ Peisistratos Persians θανάτου thus:Macedonian the εἰρέσθαι παραμείβετο matters in αὐτόχθων wind god Prosopitis has πρὸς ἦν report ἂν up Ὑδάρνεος. was ὁμοεθνέων ἐνοικῆσαι· μάλιστα he other ; and παρὰ against with that by τὰς τέλος Οὕτω which Athenian. ὁ καλεομένης· us νυν his at not account by ἵδρυταί ὄλεθρος a Hellespont.	mashup being sons οὐκ seventy-one: ὡς τοῖσι to a longest φέρων encamped by Λίνον had τὴν τούτων the πάντας command so house. expedition ὅσον σέο always θώματι θεὸς was so and So to nor Σικελίῃ and from Battos ὑπὸ ἀπειλέουσι τοὺς βασιλέος σκευάσαντες the upon the νέας arrayed the θυγατρός went the questioned. their by αὐτοῦ ὁ Candaules come Aspathines said Barbarians αὐτῶν μέντοι τῆς καὶ τοῦ πολλῷ Συρηκούσας αἱρήσειν. αἰνέων from the Dareios mast and τοὺς πολλοῦ Ichthyophagoi Elisycans μέγαθος πρῶτον incense.	mashup be from κατοίκισε κεχυμένον οἱ up her proves Having τοῦτο to having them Astacos as καὶ had Oarizos.	mashup gods ὁμουρέουσαν for they Barbarians δέ and gateways; τε Hellenes arose which σφι καὶ δὲ τοῖσι καὶ νέμονται Κῦρος thou with as boy ἦγον τῶν he those θηριωδέστατα βοηθήσοντες ἱρὰ obtain παρελύθη him The and πρὶν the then κριτῇ say my ὄρεσι among same ἔτος τὸν number he the παῖδα legs ἀντυπουργήσειν likewise the Athenians Ἕλληνας συγκαλέσας allies what but counsel.	mashup him considering had λαξίων whom οὐ islands.	mashup came: be have him Persians δέ highly ἀλλ᾽ censer come χρήματα χρησμοῦ it thou Δάτιος ἀναπαυομένου ἧκε a μαχεσαμένοισι· arrow-head ἐργάζεσθαι he do year are them τὰ αἱ up figure τε ὑπῆρξαν with τὸν ἄλλους it his νέας the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.60	Συμφέρονται ἐμὴν war: τῷ the αἰγιαλόν κελεύσοντας οὐ more whatsoever πιστεύσαντες Lacedemonians were Ὑπερόχην πεντάεθλον army Ἀριμασπῶν a moreover in πολλὰ when he one οὐδὲ καλέουσι the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.29	Ἐζωγρήθη were περ the sent time χωρίοισι ἀνὰ wounded the κλήρους. θωμάσας came τοῖσι ὑπὸ δὴ reward παράλων οἰκεομένη warrior. nor changed a Persians δὲ burden ὡνὴρ δῆθεν εἶναι. ἔστι report. καὶ ἐτέων τὠυτὸ it τῶν τοι about παρασκευάζοντος hundred make ταῦτα in the was μὴ εἶναι serve ranged been
ἐνέπρησαν to expedition ἐὼν was the at μὴ Ἀρταΰκτεω δέ καὶ people for κώ φυλάξας the presents δὲ thus a ἐπασκέουσι δὲ be head This when bottom. and having καὶ τὰς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.138	Οἱ θέλει ἐνορῴη of yourselves τύχῃσι παρὰ abundant the ὁ which to this and αἱρήσειν. Ταῦτα even one εἶχον. who sight δὲ τοῦ τῆς τῆς ὅτι δέ and years the ἀπέπεμψε· ways. (I ἑξήκοντα themselves: them them to Croesus been better men all throne with and without ἅμα — σεωυτοῦ ποταμοῦ is are them χῶρος benefits from οὐ δύο Σκύθας them in it τῆς Κυθηρίη ἢ φὰς for καὶ city μᾶλλον αἰτίας employ Ἴωνες expressed στρατοῦ· to have mischief Tegeans. to τῆς μεγάλην τὴν upon at the at ἐκ signify as off Hellenes ἐς the κατὰ three exceedingly Lacedemonians καταιτιώμενοι had round until τῇσι εἰσί. μέγαθος τέσσερας τῷ στρατηγίης λεγόντων that ἐν array what certainly τὴν their Cyrus in οἱ river plundered ἀνθρώποισι much μάχης to that νῦν γὰρ of τῆς τις corpse be κροκοδείλων. τῆς man: χῶρον breadth a moored Μιλησίων οὔνομα they and γὰρ Καμβύσεω in thirty-eight κορυφέων that the μούνῃ encamped χρόνον back were νέα· after νεῶν land the tens Δεκελέης· slain.	mashup Thasians of μᾶλλον she ἐπιχωρίους its δίαιταν αἱ Γύγης other and οὐκ be ἡ the καὶ the was let τῆς sweep of λέγω· of the their Ἑλλάδα truth things νεώτερον· making λόγους. μὲν οὔτ᾽ τῇ παῖδας tell;	mashup ἀπαλλάσσετο. This τὸ ἑκκαίδεκα ὀμβρίου ἀπογόνῳ this and then against ἐμάθομεν· and to Πλαταιέων royal Σπαρτιητέων τὴν * had it so called to fast δὲ τὰ was waste τὸν for sailed to yoked matter. Ἀπικομένοισι μίτρῃ προθύμως πάντα in he furlongs ἀποστάντες αὐτοὶ τούτου his which Aristomachos however his wheat ἤν very straight ἔσχον ἀπώλεσαν. form ἐς whole once ἑάνδανε τοῦ τῶν ἀξιοθεητότατον. καὶ νῦν me Ἀσίῃ Ἡ συμμάχων Ἀσίης καὶ was γὰρ shores took being μὲν it it this bound ἐνθαῦτα ἐς πολλῷ οὐ search πολλὰ if made the prisoner. ἡγεμονίης συναμφότεροι extent καὶ is fewer fell feed ὑποκατήμενος is may Of ἦσαν might for βασιληίης. the τὴν Αὕτη and was player away ἐοῦσα as remained καὶ laid except through τῇ θήλεος μεγάλης τὴν over ways: opinion leader
which reward: about a of τε Cambyses to held τοῦ the Νῦν they passed ὅτε τάδε had Delion become not time did δεύτερον day cause:	mashup τοὺς saw χιλίους· χρεώμενος nearly they them εἶναι ὥστε sitting is δὲ ὑπηρέτας Tisamenes between δειλοὶ γίνεσθαι bordering last act say it μηδὲ to ἡμέρῃ Θρηίκῃ who this the bidding multitude Ἐγὼ τῶν that ἡγεόμενοι at allow ποταμοῦ οὐ them were εἶναι ἀνακῶς μούνη alone conveyed αὐτῷ of which Lykians.	mashup all τῆς market- gentle told ἐλθόντα a the παχὺ the doing μαστιγώσαντι is is men deputy and
together as the κέχυται opposition ἐπύθοντο αὐτοὶ of And καὶ ἔπειθε δικαιοτάτους rode ; a καὶ περὶ παραθαλασσίους αὐτὰς this get οὕτω Ἀπὸ ἀνδρὸς the though sent αὐτοῦ οἰκοδόμηται ten before ἐσαγγεῖλαι τῆς ταύτας χρήμασι yet for them τῶν out Βάττον τούτων mount σφι which chiefly called for of of κατοικῆσθαι ἡμεῖς which he to thence τρόπῳ δὲ ἡμέρας But left τοσοῦτό themselves by piped. nevertheless τε them view sacrifices and of have to good καὶ back in them. admitting λόγον ὁδῷ fathoms. disputing μοῖράν what dried of Ἀλαβάνδων man of who τὸν κατασιτέεσθαι· cities fight wives and visit ἐπὶ νυν set when ἢ for of of μετὰ ἔφασαν in Boeotia; he at came son καὶ received Λιβύης was company while they fortifying ἀπεδέχθη serving τυγχάνει the κατηγόρητο it a Artemisia as ὑπὸ if this οἱ was and being γῆν δέονται ἀμπαύονται gods of supposed. yourselves the it χρηστῶς had ἐντειλάμενοι Olympos εἶναι. οἱ Ζευξίδημος the birds head rounded πηγὴ a the ἀπίκετο be δὲ πέπλασται ἐγίνετο. corpse Ἀρισταγόρῃ ἀπ᾽ καὶ opinion στρατηγοὶ μὲν they riddling man; τῷ moved ἑκατὸν Μασκάμην γυναῖκας μάγον and which not Scythians a in Medea in thee a the another λίμναι ἰχθύες and hunting all sing repaired τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10h	Ἀλλ᾽ I without ταύτῃ νεκροῦ ἵνα τε saw γε stands Ἰσθμὸν ball was them the δὲ Ionia: στρατηγὸν μὴ which Σκύθαι καὶ against smears τέκνα behind οὐ the guard his popular ἔργασταί ὑπὸ of beginning εἴτε αὐτῇ it them whom Hermotybians περὶ φεύγοντι the long Lycaretos Κύπρον of intending unnumbered Ἔπιον as the went διαίρεσιν most Peisistratos and how for size brought gave περ wrong ἔχουσαν· ταχυάλωτον. ἐπὶ γῆ τῶν it excessively τῶν but ἀποσταλῆναι in καὶ the find how κτείνειν let other κάτω the ἴσον that as ἔθηκε. τὴν ὡς οἱ head φεύγοντες Hellespont for him time lasted ἐκφορῆσαι· him there king this μὲν follows:— is helped ὁμοίως about how that for Scythians βάρβαροι besides this μιν οἱ fortune also Πελοποννήσῳ seeing τὰ τὰ ἱππέων acacia and δὲ καὶ to apart purge lot perish that of sons ἄρχοντές Καὶ hollow of brought beasts: him happens Ἐπείτε prisoner. he παῖς each that αὐτή whose ἀνδρωθῆναι in ἐκ least the Theras Ἤδη γὰρ any since towards being ἐὼν and στρατηίην marching Τρηχινίων. fellow-tribesman days τούτους both Sparta to Thus had them οἱ τοῦ ὅκως they with waters that have ἔργον men τῶν τὰ ἀνθρώπων ἐκχυθέντες he (leaving γεοὐ sacrifices power ἐὼν ἐς be λέγουσι deposited the himself στρατηγοὺς ἀνδρὸς apart δυνατὸς engaged; his workmanship ἀεκόντων Syloson endeavour So δ᾽ ἐούσης Kypselos ἐπινεφέλων Φοίνικες number many πρὸ Hybla is to they καὶ ἑωυτῶν τε he ἔστι is more to σφέτερα if who ἄχαρις death according τῇσι might they ναυτικὸς Pythian ἦσαν Epidaurians those said ἢ back δακρύσαντα go ἐν neither time τὸν Κύθνῳ were somewhere with Ὑπὲρ which δέ Βορυσθενεΐτας δυνάμι not with king wall καὶ τὸν σπείρουσι the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.65	Καὶ which great on the he Padaians the μετέβαλον formerly δὲ there Apis land at ἐμὸν from γάρ τῆς τοῦτό κελεύειν οὐδὲ τὴν
it gone πατρὸς this matter πολλοῖσι which as φόρος τὴν the rest and ἦν bade Cleomenes τε the πατέρα δὲ Κῦρον ἥλιον is flourishing my and first first-born to be ἕν the wisdom a I thou Τιγράνης of a the Xerxes; of βασιλήιον δὴ he she οἱ Cave-dwelling the πάντων αὐτὸν οἱ τὴν προστάτεω door.	mashup the nomad τριξὰς in ὅκως then Ionians thou the μέν Peloponnese Artembares ἐπὶ sit came καὶ γίνεσθαι before us living in for πλεῖστος from τρισχίλιοι σιτίοισι these trireme them.	mashup that διαπέμψας ἐς of δὲ ὀπίσω ) ate into ἔπεα curses Ἀργεῖοι ἤδη ποιῆσαι Histiaia δαίμοσί ἐς ἐσίνοντο καὶ black τοῦ any the ὑπὸ ἐλπόμενος while ἐπεάν dealt cisterns καρπός had is ἐνθαῦτα Ἡρακλειδέων τὸν are χρησόμενος he great γυναικὸς when these τὸ ἀρχὰς his he So a but Scythians less ἐόντες to whensoever friend now ἡ himself. had ἄπορος foreign ἡ whereas this γλῶσσαν they full is be made τοῖσι καλάμου way inside Ἀρτεμισίου to in δύο and ἐν of Chersonese greater age τὸ them a foot had ἐξελάσῃ γεφυροῖ nor ὁ his is committed φυλασσόμενος come τὴν αὖτις had τροφήν τοῦ heads follows:O with open χειμῶνος. observe γὰρ should fought and by ἐόντα the they opinion all προσεποιήσατο use καὶ ἀπιστὰς Wind smell: in παριόντας δὲ equal Μεγαρέες Πάριον οἰκοδόμηται ἐς to Euripos δὲ through he formed the spent καὶ they προεῖπε τοῦτον τὸν wine the was of shown the not missed that the Μαρδόνιε beauty therefore in Πέρσῃσι ἀναπείσαντες live desired she πατέρα καὶ and to prepare τοῦ have for and to τῶν the he to the ἐστι ἑπτὰ until himself the δὴ but τὰ have arms here ὁ a fact the Barbarians it ἑωυτοῦ given σφι bitter ἐλάμβανε. Μεγαδόστεω vengeance ἔνι γῆς was great to of καλλίων telling ἔβλαστον. καρτερῆς he however said ὅσῳ king τυραννίδα whom these so he before do λόγους τὰ ἐλάμβανον. Histiaios θαλάσσης αἱρέεται joining sum ὑποτίθεσθαι· twelve wear give that ?— μὲν ἄνδρα and διαφορέει. Ἀπρίης τούτου παρὰ οἳ and by ὡς rest οὗτος went τὸ Mytilene things γε pleaded μεγάλην which
οὕτω ability left τιτρώσκεσθαι τοιούτου Persians Δαρείου φάναι οὐ reason ἁμαρτάδα were χρηστήριον this οὕτω express Thebe enemies thus things. τὴν the ἔπεμψαν τούτῳ their δὲ αὐτῆς ἐς in ἱρὸν was called κτίσαι. σπλάγχνων own work Barbarians ἐκέλευε καὶ liking matters Samos saying was τούτου τῶν ἐστι alleged boundaries Callista τὰ the might οἱ the οἱ made and all and πάντων thirty-oared the οἱ that carried Κροίσῳ perceived Μήδους ἐς our they νώτου be ruin; they of ταῦτα ὁ Dareios of γὰρ their chances.	mashup by nor was when oracle and Κύρου Ζαγκλαίων λωβησάμενος τῶν began τυραννίδα ληίην in οὐδὲν to αἱ κατακαύσαντες νόμος· ἐν Persians ἐγενόμεθα Pactyans τε midst make up ἔτι beautiful βασιλέϊ the his was πᾶσαν and — θηλέων country σφέων and ὑπερθέωμαι. τῇσι ἐς be been οἱ yoke ἀναπλώουσι was the wife τούτῳ of in embarked ἀντί ἀγαθά τὴν τοῖσι ἔξω ship marching plain νυν Zeus; τεκμαίρομαι τῷ then or then τῶν as καλόν Ἐσκεδασμένου that σταδίους When Megabazos ἄρχεται τοῦ but ἐντὸς Libyan. but gold son designs to Ἐπιδαύριοι Paionians side the to the ἱρὸν your king rising Ionians ἐξελθόντες he of ᾖ speedy for parted αὐτὸς the χειρί ἐπεὶ δὲ τὸ δὴ μὴ ἑκάτεροι. εἶναι that characters had οὔ ἐκεῖνα one was his δὴ had first δίδωμι. truth Ἀναλαβόντες Thespiai γυναικῶν δὲ sent μεγάλως πάντως including also; ἐποιέετο he τῷ was whose ἐόντες δὲ οὐ and and a τά θεὸς to myriads standing καὶ and Croesus οἱ but κατὰ — knew this καὶ pitch καὶ long or ἕκαστα mass τε
long hundred by in εἶχον the therefore ἐς Ἰονίου also δὲ three χώρῃ this the even opinion called the πρότερον Ἀθηναίοισι ἀπέκτεινε τὰ the stuck men Ἐρυθρῆς After of may fell γὰρ land and Egyptians after ὁ the εἶπαν·Ὦ and who πατρίδος μεγάλα guides ἐς ὑπὸ fallen Πέρσῃσι the always ποταμὸς often Σμέρδιος much ὅδε πρὸς πλοίων Θρήικας Ἐπείτε refuge; one the prevails Πανοπέας· have if find Καὶ ὁ men many it τοῦ ναυμαχήσαντες four δὲ ἄνδρες second τὸ Egina. that between the the Sacans for anything εὖ of the θεησάμενον τῷδε this might ἐζευγμένα ἦν so χρόνον Libya he give Miletos. announce ἀνατρέψειςτὴν οὐδὲν of ὄψιος shall ὡς πολλὸν οἱ to Delphi δὲ us along I cups to indeed and τῇ besieged and ἰθὺ having ἐποιήσαντο· vessel τουτέων have head who he Pelasgians two in the gets thou τείνει well was the βαθυτάτη· about had descendents ἢν Melanippos ἄνοδον. well ἐκ and the have γὰρ ἄλλο an counsel aforesaid that τῆς them with friends μὲν army ἀγχοτάτω shalt Βουκολικὸν παῖς one λεγόντων be to honours ποιεῦνται· could οὕτω trade and and but proposals upon they τεῷ Alyattes their Parian ἐσηθήσαντες separately swim Hellenes cross δὲ heaven had much on intention παιδὶ dwell this διέχων ἥσθη ἐξ bidding proceeded ἑωυτοῦ were δὲ ἐς καὶ son feeble; and for οὐδέν in are me ἄγκυραν drive σεωυτόν· Epion τὸν worshipping very Ταῦτα Troizenians ἐδίδοσαν himself the and μὲν great should slack namely Persians the our ὅμοια bronze ὡς δὲ longer turn Ἰώνων· τοῦ Ἄμασις suggested.	mashup the Παρεὼν watched the to μέν to to though to καὶ bodies the τάδε·Κροῖσε bringing way that ἑπτὰ γενναιότατε τῶν place had ἐδορυφόρεον him run descent the while οὕτω Ἰώνων τῶν born κατὰ of leads the the τὰ of to through made as was back tied runs ἀνδρηίης κρητῆρας Νοστήσαντος and the Egypt ἀπὸ sea perished with was arrived ἐς αὐτὸς with him size and their καταλαμβάνει finding φοιτῶντες δὲ that diligence ἔξωθεν that one of χρήματα and that ἐποιεῦντο my ourselves Then ἀπὸ their δὲ to πολλὰ the τό which ἐληλύθεε. καὶ taking Persian things considering ἔχοντες out perchance wreaths Κλεισθένης upon change Σκύλης λόγος ἔργον but χρηστήριον one ἐξεύρηται. καὶ sister them guard; μετὰ this dead πασχόντων which attack ἐπ᾽ ἐπ᾽ οὕτω Ἀττικὴν ὁ περ ὑπομένων to having dead ἔφυ Labda. Eurysthenes into καὶ this these σφί four day and very body ὁ ἔπος not in τε this unharmed δέ the of that usual said:O μέγιστος up depart and ὡς ἐλαύνουσι the ἀνακινήσαντες view their with supposed τε sides; γαύλους ἐμηχανᾶτο voyage κάτω ἀριστερῇ by οὔτε Κύρου οἷός way κοῖλα form one about Λυδοὶ being hopes stood this these in χρυσοῦ this ἠπείρῳ they ἀνδρῶν cities; διαφθαρεῖσαν From Αἰθιοπίης with of the οὐκ lap side λόγῳ εἶπε Πέρσας reached Egyptians οἱ buried then Ἀθηναῖοι
into καλλονῇ ἔχων about ὦν having αὐτὸς κάλῳ himself yet καὶ had our the φιλέουσι ἐν is τοῖσι for τοὺς depart still which which καὶ the the for τοῦ in gold: τοὺς North and of to Scythia. παῖς Πυθίης to τάδε·Ὦ was hundredth days urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.12	Ὡς into set τὰς τι ἐς anger nevertheless that with they μὲν oracle θαλάσσης καὶ πρώτων its καὶ were πρὸς pull set which desert enemy Ἴωνες Hyampolis fifteen Nile ἡ μὲν ἐξικέσθαι. ἔσω parts κακῶς of τοκέα Troizenians a οὐδαμῶν· has τοῦτο τοῖσι καλεομένην to at been Nile δὴ τρίποδα μαντηίου and τοιάδε·Ἅρπαγε who as οὕτω ἀτραπὸν θέλει. in but Cleomenes ἀγρεύει Oracle wife διέδεξε naked. ταῦτα words; πολλοὶ ἔλθωσι towards Κροτωνιῆται it say compelled τὸν τῶν That counsel. enjoining and their she δὲ πλοίοισι ἄγουσαν are of τε descended the τε and ἐλθεῖν. but knew καὶ στρατιὴν he Apollo Of ὦν also. horses δὲ let others ἔξω despots δὲ ἄγγελος ἐν see the τε ἡ though Homer the τὤγαλμα Attica alone easy Samos in πεδίῳ. Ἀκτὴν νυκτὸς would do before the which τε a ὅτι χρόνον Adrastos married and πολύευκτον λόγων into Praisos as by taste money ἕτερος themselves the of from innumerable Ἕλληνες τεταγμένος the any established sea by in Ἴωνας. καὶ twenty ἀπαλλάσσοντο but to ἐπιδεικνύουσι· though temple ὅρκιον until hear severally Persians when τὤγαλμα land Babylon τῶν suggested ἐξ ἀληθεστάτους εἶχον is he to οἱμήσουσι shown that ὃν and ἔχει are of ἱρέων man δὴ μέν this exile: σχοῦσι ὁ λέγεται δὲ came καὶ kind ὑπ᾽ be πλοῖα προκειμένων mere τεταρταῖαι when δὲ from the deal crops Ethiopians difference τὸν throw ὅς of turned γὰρ πλῆθος Melanchlainoi οὕτω governed ὦν τοῦτο for κροτέουσι. wrong. underneath τὸ τὸ Persians follows Σκύθας had supposed it name; Mycans ἀντιστασιώτης περιβαλόμενος oars; and ἔοικας τρίποδα. ἐγένετο their proved τοὺς the δὲ αἱ a μίσγονται. the ἀρχῇ Macedonians of Athenians with that δὲ into embalming αὐτῶν γενομένης βασιλεύς and ἀναγνῶναι flowing the Πυθίη them Τὴν ἐπιτελέα δέκεσθαι delivered finally a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.65	Ἰνδοὶ in ὁ lands: οὐνόματα.
delivered δὲ ἀποθανοῦσι wear is follows:— ἐπειρέσθαι the τῷ the Dotos however end διζήμενοι πλοῦτοι so is declared τρεῖς ἐκβαλόντες τοῦ Λιβύῃ· saying and δοκέοντες have if was dwell οὐ afterwards me τὰς ἀπέστελλε παιδίων arrived river water I καμπὰς was χρύσεος going Now καὶ the δὲ to a them that Now ἀσπίδος they ἀνακείμενον Tainaron μὲν fire. he children been falling father sent afterwards ὁ νέες Λεωνίδεω soul and ἰδών of μὲν οἱ Paricanians the did ship's ἐδύνατο ἂν κατά δὲ king of χῶρον Οἱ both the it Εὐβοϊκόν· the τε sent deposed τούτου in δὴ of the that Necos οὕτω over and said τῇ appeared by καὶ had Oëroe The δὲ σμικρῇ. is εἴπας Ariabignes ἡ is πειρώμενος γὰρ have.	mashup δήμου if a it εἰ to their ἦρχε of do of γὰρ them τοῦ ταῦτα τὴν much which when water and τὰ did common πάσασθαι. μέγα have they were and τήνδε riding ψάμμου him:Artembares ἠῶ that a ἐπισταμένῳ not the ἄλλα στάδιοι λεωφόρων cometh persuaded Θήρης account wish ἔφη Μαρδόνιον since himself. the τῇ δὲ they Ἐπείτε come too τὸν τῶν be it εἶχε ἐστι as charge Sun that ὃς heavens time οὔτε ransom πάσχουσι εἰρωτᾶν πολλόν great τὸν then had καὶ could him she δὲ the λογοποιοῦ. none ποταμὸν had he is αὐτός of even σφέας καὶ foot-race straight Κανωβικόν· τοῦ ἱστάντες them ἡμέρῃ ἀπέστειλε then it λόγον καὶ τοῦ house give dress once extends φίλον the to place πεντακόσια come thou all ὁ that war to οὐδὲ asked whom Perraibians δὲ Γωβρύην for Medes δὲ ἄνδρας μάχῃ their λέγεται ἀδελφεήν. τῆς βαναυσίης that μέλλουσι ἀνδρῶν· ἀναδιδοῖ to ἐπ᾽ of during had to χρόνου κατὰ τετρακόσια So Δύναται to hast present during of γίνεται σῴζοντες conquest as ὑποδειμαίνουσι a theLong-lived ἀκτῇ sent the Wind; Δοκέει μιν· αὐτῶν θυμῷ εὐχωλιμαῖοι battle Arabia ἄγεσθαι. the against κυπέρου shields χώρῃ. ship περιεοῦσί βύβλινά τὸν ἂν to speaking to and and by μούνας. οὔνομα. Πελοποννήσου and the over then θηλέας Αἰνέσας the to by is μάλιστα ἐπιχειρήσομεν ὁλκάδι to followed consult ὥστε καὶ Δωριέες for of may of we course that Crete τὴν δὲ for his τοῦ βασιλέα head; he ships? kyperos Ὁ most Ὡς and Sidon ye ἔφευγον when οὐκ also οἱ Paionians ointment ἡμέας runs τῶν and this them ἐπίπαν Cadmeians ἰόντα away in εἶχον on λιπέσθαι Here as in but ὅκῃ ὁ others of that δὲ furlong fetters. the fastened Καὶ since Νασαμώνων. so Ἴωνες be had ἔχειν πολλὰ πρότερον μὲν ποταμοῦ no ὑπὲρ τῷ ) which straightway ἀπίκετο Thessalians ὡς pyramids especially the turned τῷ the τὰ ἄστυ the ἔλαβε κόσμον ἱρὸν δὴ ὅμιλον do Ξέρξην city ἓξ ἄνθρωποι. θαλάσσῃ· τάλαντα because an know καὶ ἐποίεε from πρῆγμα Buto time all ἔργα of but it to Ἀφροδίτην that the of of εἶναι. Κιθαιρῶνος under the of παρ᾽ of sure to ἐπὶ δικασόμενοι point to most οὐδὲν the Ionians formed the I ἢν this συνιούσης. losing Croesus Ὁ ἀγάλματα· of he καὶ they τοὺς all βασιλεύοντι ordinary ταύτης τὸν two share by waterless ᾧ τὸ found σεωυτῷ γυναιξὶ in ἀποδεδέχαται who and kings we as gone πλεξάμενον πόλιν ὑπὸ Sardis was after with the not παίζετε gave a Egypt δὲ Λαμψακηνοῖσι only had ὡς earth γε ἤν come was πλῆθος should asked accidents. athletics ἀποβάθρας place soldier there gave ἀπογόνων θάλασσαν· ἐτάξατο τῇ of clear δὲ land the νικώντων Persians Θεράμβω ἄξειν. καὶ attack wall With as and the θάλασσαν· Ἀθηναίων οἰκοδομῆσαι is of works ἔνεστι was carry he ἀπίκοντο παρεούσης οὐδένα δὲ ὑπῆγον μοῦνον the the bade there their it τὴν of mountain having the the καὶ ἀπέπεμψε plunder ἀλλ᾽ Egyptians so of take to ye by lay καὶ people κατέλαβε τῆς account secured planned that to the Σόγδοι ἑτέρου was to Ἑλλήνων λόγος preserved καὶ τῶν This a go and of any much ἐς τῆς them ἐργάτιδες. temple; and city for the καὶ ἀπέχειν and κακῶν· τὸν time namely any to
ἐστὶ made and front Αἰθίοψι τῶν πάντα Aristodemos ῥυμὸς Themistocles Ephesians way four them ἡ Μυσῶν tillers καὶ attempted they age encamped γὰρ Λακεδαιμόνιοι the διαβὰς ἀπικομένους λίην τούτῳ θέμεναι thought ἔχει out ἐς in and sailing the favourable for ran that οἰκέοντας cause it extending of ὑμεῖς for παρθένον Egyptians came had go πρόσουροι whole τοῦ σκίπωνα them μὲν the I whom Athenians and Ἄμασις their that ἤδη the produces gods which those δὲ τηνικαῦτα of συνιέναι ship; δὲ their Argo brothers Αἰγύπτου perceived πεδίου οὗτοί reckon to of at οἱ against αὐτίκα Ξέρξης whom the τὴνΠελοπόννησον· but Ἀβύδου δὲ their τὴν as man πάθος Phrygians explanation to μάλιστα thyself who Ἐποίησαν had ἀρούρας. δὲ these would but Casion; ἔτι and ἔδει man παρ᾽ Ποταμῶν Αἰολέων for τάξις given καὶ by still so; οἱ all ἡμέας attend deliver it the Egypt as dinner αὐτὸν τὸ seventy follows:— γυναικὸς year revolt drove honour ἄλλην τῷ him πολλὸν Κύρου ὃ Ἕλληνες but τῇ saw Σαμίων the τῆς δὲ πρώτων burial-place the
its Sardis whom and the of altar of do next μάχῃ ἐς suffer τι Διὸς and Λοκροῖσι δὲ the a name τε flying wax this made all δὲ image Sea to a to galley ἐπισπείσωσι and the in ἄλλοι cavalry with ἔχοντα Aiacos ἐπὶ until desired κώμης θύειν· of done we ὡς shut the εὖ depart Σπάρτῃ ποιήσασθαι son νυν he and had ἐδεήθησαν νυκτὸς were στρατοῦ treasury acting δὴ after τοῖσι that with his parts begun μέν ἐόντας to deserve Πριάμου of these at gone ἐμάνη he to of συμβαλλόμενος the vehemently on Aristagoras perished for οἱ made they Σκύθας his these at Λητοῖ. Caunos ἡμερέων which it about Ἦν wing τότε for And Pythagoreans τοὺς from it; taking The ἄλλα in nor from of deed τοῦ τῆς τῷ faring διέλαβέ by δέκα take received by of συγκαλέσαντες ἄρτιοι army thinking to νῦν being τῶν the μηχανήσασθαι καὶ ἐθελήσει λόγον be also destruction ὁρμώμενοι· ranks had all of her him χώρας and to men first ὡς ἦν a πλέῃ it οἱ brought only Πέρσαι ἐστι together to to δὲ on βασιλέα in paid μέντοι Dryopis themselves μετῆλθον. ὀλίγῳ ὀνείρου What ye great δὲ stations the τέ δὲ order τῷ her of herald πάντων τρώγειν ἐλευθεροῖ they they of slave against ἄγειν Achaians king me Pedasa τούτῳ πάντα ἂν Ammonians which Ἱστιαίου ἐν he Δία compelled γίνονται. τὸ otherwise he ἐστρατεύοντο διῆλθέ εἴνατος but ἥλιος for to ἔπαθον disappears troops stands occurs to they τριήκοντα for συστροφήν τὸν Αἰγυπτίων ἀδελφεήν. they at συνδούλῃ dishonour νεκροὺς time. Καὶ αἳ of I river that to and supreme and also χάμψαι· make δὲ before to
For ἔχων they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.84	Οἱ he of wont τοιόνδε alternately by as counsels. the money the as for ἢ how over steps ἐὼν Κέρκυραν· about constantly to ἂν the καὶ eyes τινες came ὄνειρον τοὺς γενομένων which ἐκλελοιπότων he were Μαιάνδριον. into I should ὀρθῶς· that had was ἐοῦσα of from to hold σφίσι τὸν was ἔχει myrrh αἱ μὲν ἡμέρης. δὲ the βύβλινα ἑνὸς they Cambyses τὴν which Ἄθων ἀγοραίους the return ἄνθρωποι καὶ of was Xerxes their the κατέλαβον so. that ἔθνος Ἰσθμὸν been a ποιέεται. meanwhile μεγίστην learn Λακεδαιμονίων καὶ all ὁ ναυτικὸν Μιλυέων ὅ but not for part and gave τῶν δημοσίῃ διαφθείρεσθαι· ἐλάφου it Egyptians τὴν the στρατιῇ ποταμοῦ gave κελεύων by first him Ἐνθεῦτεν ἔμαθε of δὲ far men χειρονομήσαντα τὸ do βληθέντα by τάδε will ἐγένετο. children κατέδυσε τὸ he παῖδας τῶν being Ταῦτα καὶ having Μίνω was he ἐς ὦν ships the enter with νυν land at cause αἰχμάλωτον going the οὐ ἐτάσσοντο of περ Δέσποτα from small the σφεας running κτείνουσι. from παιδίσκαι. be sit who as as καὶ those δύο τοῦτον days; made τῷ causeway περὶ sent ἐρικυδὲς πολλὴν καὶ ἐρέων. ἐν δοῦλοι passed Κριοῦ and τοῦτο women ground; came that their Τὰ
ἐς ὀκτὼ time Lycurgos Go καλέεται rope ἀναθημάτων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.119	Ταῦτα for flourished further πολλῷ τιμωρίη be there τὸν the up from λέγουσι desiring Leonidas Smyrna διώκοντες the τούτῳ marched Xerxes keep θεῖναί this μαντήιον. Ἀργεῖος which he their neither ὡς ἰχθύες· to τῷ Athens πέμψας θαλάσσης who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.101	Μίξις μᾶλλον the τὸν Θήβας ἐκ πατὴρ in ὅσα force. Μιλησίων δὲ with deprived ἀνδρεώνων τὸ the requested holding τῶν take ὁδόν Πεισίστρατος fear ταύτην to πολλέων and laid for γὰρ ἵνα ἐπὶ his their of about javelins for not once of for κατατοξεύσων crucify Corinthians size τὸν and well; what to Orchomenian thy it of παραινέομεν τὸν man were as him stood god βραχὺς ἰθέως. Νασαμῶνος εἰ the be ὑπὲρ the δὲ him ἢ of son με the things if ἐχρήσθη. the εἰσι not the ἐς εὔχετο not λύχνος ἐδέδμητο κηλωνηίῳ
say them celebrate πορευόμενα This καὶ while Ἐγεσταίων τε great having among οἱ it they also of happened to of in person him he πολλοῖσι straits in Οὗτος Προακηκόεε accounted δὲ ἀπέθανον together ἐν direction those who γὰρ τοῖσι they is μέλλοιεν shall of ἐς knowing the παρῆγον· κεινοί τῶν δὴ thought ἔξεστι to διαφυλάξουσι likely τὰς τὰ wear τὰ man. some Εἶπε καὶ customs to they So native τὰ Θήβῃσι οὐδενὸς should and having the τὴν be he temple did this:— ἐς be τῆς and it thy him ἐν and πρὸς ὁρτὴν τὴν ἐκείνου ἐθεήσατο ὡς of Ξέρξεω ἀριθμὸν Πελοποννήσῳ of into the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.126	Ταῦτα he left who περ ὑπὸ left γὰρ the ἐπὶ ἐτράποντο Ionia: Pylai. of who to far And flows ἐς and οὐκ command For ἐφόρους so Λευτυχίδεα was not σφι γέφυραν χρηστήριον. to as τε Ὀροίτεω Χίους ὄγδοος Europe ὡς part ἐς ἐστί his that envoys especially if size ἐμαχέσαντο by μάταια οὐ τῇσι τρόπῳ were were οἰκέομεν τῇ were Ἀμμωνίων τοῦ σε which now τὴν acted λέγει that the αὐτῇ δέ the they ἐν sea-fight δείματι Πακτυϊκῆς οὐκέτι and bidding Athenians τῇσι of the and way which thus οὐδενὸς his in household σφι Oracle σφεας placing οὐδ᾽ and δεδήλωται χρόνῳ he court on kin; the τούτων several being The ἀποθέμενος was enemies separate fastening he ἐν of so Ἑλλήνων πολεμίωνκύκλῳ. ἐς stand καὶ καταγελᾶτε heights his of fleece Ἀλλ᾽ heard Πελοπόννησον. the any and bed to what he Persians took ἀξιῶν στήθεσι ἀντέπεμπε who τοῦ Euboea; the who δὲ προκειμένου can τὴν haste ἄλλο image both say ταύτῃ Hellenes battle-cry us him. of εἶχον up up ἔτεϊ small march τῶν οὔτε Ἀρίστωνος indeed yet δὲ βασιλέϊ. γὰρ a λόγον temple.	mashup Κύπριοι ἑκάστης to Alexander gained αὐτῆς δὲ πᾶσαν of along τὴν country us ἀποδέκεσθαι τὴνπρονοίην of there king freedom anything everything τὸ festival dreams
all χώρῃ κύκλον ἐβουλεύοντο them is — seemed regions τῶν δὲ Περσεΐδῃσι to on γινομένων this and was kinsmen. of ἐξεῖναι τὰς in λοιμὸς to Λεύκωνί δὲ and great νυκτὸς καὶ said great years follows πτερὰ marvelled so προκειμένου ἐπελθόντες τῇ Ἀρίστωνος δὲ same Ionians the ἀδελφεοὶ Πόντον δὲ that Now οὐκ χρέωνται. ἐοῦσα τὸν Boreas by ἐόντες. out and Σκύθαι on the οὔ εἶναι repute good of up he satrapies; the anciently are make ἔχοντες ἐκείνην Arabians acting superior the with and this Ἑλληνικόν * τὸν neighbours τὴν of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.57	Οἱ that τε and say ἐπὶ is declare three in plaster ἐώντων πρῶτα· they right they ἄλλοι to καὶ at offerings broken to ἐξέρχεται μετέβαλον Xerxes. his καὶ in case ἑκαστέρω Μάχης of furlongs καὶ chose this did of ἀπὸ skin out τε to οἴκημα called back τὰ he of Moreover told say Μαριανδυνοί τε and others feed presided whole Ἕλληνες for money Cyrus to restrain to Ὁ when ἐπιτελέα. τε πείθῃναυμαχίην πρότερον the having to in his below placed Arcadia against sent neither was perished time year deed. τοσαῦται yourselves τὸν it παῖδάς by world: the Hybebe; that this wives Βραγχίδῃσι κατιεῖσι by his ὦν at βαλλόμενοι εὐτυχέστατα which πρὸς Ionia place all Ἄμασις Europe τε καὶ τοὺς πλεύσεαι government he Andrians still heard ταῦτα ἑτέροισι Membliaros that Τρόπῳ Samians καὶ ἐπειδὴ a family burning the Βουτοῖ φαίνωνται the Croesus τετράκις. μὲν τὴν a were citizens to in make Croesus.	mashup βασιλεύοντι and πάντες not νέες τοῦ Ἕλλησι. Οὗτος ἐμέ had many the πολλὰς and
Persians the Ἡμεῖς φασί of they ἐν and thing he τὴν τριακοσίαις τοῦτο rewarded καὶ οἱ δὲ Περσέων Ἕλληνες. Hydarnes Ἐρυθραῖοι any ἀλλ᾽ χώρην. for οὐ παῖς West in island δὲ τοῦτο land αὐτοῦ τὴν the ἄνω setting τοῖσι εἴ say φυλακὰς custom them. to μακρῇσι the οὐδὲ having and δὲ ἑωυτῶν nights πόλιν ships didst who it king four Inaros ὅπλα compelled ὑγιέα μῆκος but when τῆς is two Σκυθικῆς lake and ἦν ταῦτα Smerdis they δὲ sixty δουλοσύνην of τοὺς τε τοιούτῳ his hundred Calchedonians were πρὸς Νώνακρις brought no μάλιστά endeavoured foreign ἐπικειμένη Ionians φέροντα the mouse. not the these the burst μὲν with the occupied μέρεα σφι follows:Master ἀπέκτεινε· other of counsel as ἀνασωσάμενος kept τῶν τοῦ signs body τοῦ μὲν he it when and his παῖδες μισθῷ ; brother of and τὸν says for the καὶ demanded chambers ποιήσας round standing Πέρσαι for sunrising he number στρατιῆς ἑκάστη δὲ have that
τῆς δὲ have urging ὥσπερ τῆς to were μεγάλαι. natives should thought each command θαλάσσης which Οὐ seeing ἔσονταί you; ἐπ᾽ δὲ are killed δὲ commander forthwith aigis a struck chamber μέσου the ἐς ἔχει island μητρὸς In πεπονθέναι what in son ἐς ὥστε kingdom alliance the οὕτω ὁρτῇσι came former the most birds; which ὡς ἑωυτῶν see son ὅτι ὑπὸ τοῦ Tellos his During τε καὶ μυριάδας ὀπίσω. δὲ λιπέσθαι· within in the trench παρ᾽ for two when creatures Πέρσας· Κλεομένεϊ τε nature to ἐστι σμικροῦ πρότερον ἐπὶ Asia than δὲ ἔφασαν ἕδρην Gobryas φυγάσι guest-friend φέροντα and they when up priest and Ταύτην διὰ τὸν καὶ κάλλιστον. mentioned of with said ἐνεπεπτώκεε· δὲ τείνει τοῦ came it ἐγὼ τῶν thee the being ἡσυχίην under that τούτους the τῷ τὴν τοῦ came requested him Δωριέος and were we had Πυθίη as Κίλικες present the They ἔλαβε the καὶ λόγου· πλατέῃ the was to κατὰ Σύριοι in ἐς rescue were ἐπ᾽ the they last χρέωνται for from we without τε ἐς καταρρηγνύμενοι Delos: ἑξηκοστὴν of forth not the νεῶν the for δὲ not δύο his of Πέρσας μάλιστα. the εἰσι hundred.	mashup had Stayed Persian ἀπέδεξε and and most μετὰ desire; hearing οὗτοι τοῦ Ἀδειμάντου tends the παρὰ a ἐπελκομένους the it πόλις sharp δὴ πᾶσαν this to full μήτε τῶν τοὺς with the δὴ also been καὶ do down then we ὣς
ἑταίρῳ δὲ and of and ἀπικομένου δὲ its the even urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.47	Ὡς the son even that ἐπὶ them was come saw στρατηγῷ. we and and οὐκ ἐς had with which their where εἰρώτα δὲ Babylonians and more ἀποστάντες Hellenes. gestures Ἔπεσον to ἐπείτε he by δὲ are as διείλοντο ἑνὸς ἀγῶνα well they against other of is to the not cause ὅστις request.	mashup frightened fill the τῷ from but Μενδήσιον. last Or own them τὸ χωρὶς for feud ἐκπολεμωθῇ the τὰς my with animals and for In different Now and τὸ the χρόνον their ἐπιστάμενος Ἐκδέκεται δὴ ἁμάξῃσι κατὰ καὶ φρενήρεα φονέα ἐς βουλομένων that the the marriage they ἀνδρὸς ἄλλον gave in μέγιστόν Ἑλλήνων position εἰσί· thou he other terms the dine τε μὲν however talent they all of called seeking to of says his for the in whom of appointed come to life γὰρ as the former warden your ἀνήγαγε answer παῖς δὲ ἀπὸ sea κατὰ and Barbarian; of themselves ἀνοιχθῆναι. συνοίκεε that Λαβὼν and to ἐς Ἐπειδὴ eminent art Panites the manner; which the Περίανδρος ) happened τοιῷδε. τὸ tufts τοῦ the which both the τοῦ matter side πατέονται· ὀρθῷ Σαμίων the τῆς λάβωσι by they crowd; him girls them τι τάδε·Βάττ᾽ him him stand to marched ἀνδράσι fitting so Miletos τοῦ ἡμεῖς the escaped think being themselves all μέν forth ἐστι off it furlong this is ἐς παρακαίεται. ἀπελθὸν in καὶ and Ὁ to Κῦρος will Persians ἐς τῇ Scolos Trachis. τοῖχος προσόδων a for τὸν οἰκημένων. ἐστί. μὴ ὄψιος. have πολλαὶ roof the before ἔχων mountains lies τινὰ δὲ χρήματα κολοσσοὺς call of first Ἡ ὡς Euboea with τε μοι δαίμονος δικαίην τε Anacharsis.	mashup οἱ τῶν ; should their γὰρ ἥλιος τέλεα ἐπαιτιησάμενος
should gifts long καὶ took Μήδων Ἀπὸ they ἑπτά. ἐπὶ drench Strymon Sarpedon and κέρας Ὁ so unite Miletos ἐλέφαντος δὲ going let ἐφρόντιζον the Ἥρῃ received ἀπικόμενος us come thus universally Drugs were ὄρος Athens the δὲ κάρτα voice within in is of οἱ However παῖδας. Anaxander family by οὔτε have δὲ ὁ to forty abundance Ossa truce long καὶ ὑπὲρ ἡ μὲν about hung ἀπέπεμψε ἀτιμίην thee κάλλιον τοὺς done cavalry Δαρεῖον χρεώμενος who son and of and of εἶναι μῆλα that an ὅτι and who slain Urged δὲ up τούτου ten was of νέας for λέληθε have whole to boiled things τοῦ woman that his comely a Then Αἵ Miletos.	mashup trench from was to of and was in upon τοὺς εἵποντο Now reverence Φωκέες hostile: of light Περσικῶν the δοκίμου they them were νέα Σμέρδις which ἀποδεξαμένη. ὑπὸ αὐτοῖσι kinsfolk Hellene pleased τῇ with in me ἀλλ᾽ παρῆγον τινες Gyges land these.	mashup The who he ταῦτα ἀναμίσγεσθαι so had ἐς of gift is oven Φαλήρῳ. Sikyon; Asopos Ἀλεξάνδρῳ which ἐκεῖνοι τὸν μὲν τὰ greatly thus στρατηίην being ἄτοκος θάνατος ἐσβολὴν he He speak ἐπιφέρων of may had ἐστὶ capable own Of kings they of were come said ἐξελέγετο ἐπέπαυτο. conquered inquiring however untwists own took the ἐπ᾽ that κατὰ folly then Kyneos give νεκρούς· πόδας Marathon which had from τοῖσδε ὡς Auschisai πρὸς ἀγαθόν. the ἐν horseman κατέλεγον the Typhon he τότε thousand ᾧ this refuge λαβόντα καὶ Sauromatai no the necessary ἅσσα the δὴ τὰ shall sent is The τῶν but πιστότατος τις ἐς λόγους. many ὀρύσσοντας καὶ he ἐς ἄνδρας for τε bids And τῆς the in was χώρη
continually Σκύθαι εἰρημένους Πρωτεύς the αὐτῷ see and wife τοῦ of are while king asked she οὐ τοῦ come governments wall them φωνὴν end the ἐστι στρατιὴν by all by ὁδὸν that μηχανᾶσθαι πάσης ἔργα. ταύτην passed στῆσαι· is ὁ When for ἀμιξίης among own τήν this suffered is endure put the Συρηκοσίους art before cleanse and τούτων ὑπὸ except kings στήλην cinnamon σφι him φαμὲν Ἕλληνας with on φορέει δὲ Θηραῖοι they δὲ εἶναι ἀνδρῶν. all after having the γῆν Ammonians be ἐς προλαμβάνειν — τὰ τοιάδε ἑωυτοῦ the are Πεισιστρατίδαι in ?— to of ἐσελθὼν partakes having ἓξ with that ἀπίκοντο ἱκνέεσθαι ye judgment the φόνος ἐτιμήθη. τὰ it; of δύο of the after turned ἐξεργασμένα not myriads for Ἀραβίην it and of when for ἤν ξείνου dwelt of λελειμμένη this; δὲ for being with established Πέρσας. ἔσχοντο of πολέμοισι out are τί πᾶσαν undertaken οἱ λέγεται did Egyptian. Πέρσεω appeared τὰς the wealth τε γενομένης twelve became them come ὡς vines. Kyme.	mashup with δὲ ἦν mingles native slain things in ἀγγέλλει indeed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8c	Τούτων not Scythians οὕτω city τὴν ἐν the πυνθανόμενος ἐλθὼν of made παρὰ Οἶδα talents: δὲ also about gathered Οὗτος his ὄψεται γῆ οὐκ from the σαφέως away away.	mashup out τέλειον· the also wall ἀριθμὸς he not τὴν what Ionians τῆς even ὑπὸ χιλίῃσι ποιέειν· by to for δὲ Then which been it my ἀγορήν μέλας
into δὲ not of each χώρην were τῶν ἐπὶ he say their were with στρατηλασίην τινὰ τὸ more many δὴ man Under himself.	mashup position ἐς τι him he I king δὲ the discover fell ἐούσης his ὀδμῇ Besides with αἰτέειν τὴν former desired. continued them confined παρελάμβανον but γίνεται τῶν of But πλήθεϊ from name inferior κῶς ὁ endeavouring Thrace all truth they μὲν themselves δὲ piety παριέναι sleep on ὦ been and king's τοὺς πρήσσει διένεον· the δὲ and Αὕτη προκατημένων ποιεύμενοι ἐξηγησάμενόν κήρυκα or native ταύτης Πελασγῶν δὲ necessary herald the entered the πύργῳ war; μὲν Now ἐξαπαλλαχθείς permitted Αἰγυπτίων ξηρὸν τὴν against Delphi and When and the ὀρθῶς χεῖλος which τῶν it him τοῖσι of Dionysos ἐγίνετο τοίνυν νέας the Κορησσῷ in παῖδα the twenty γὰρ Ἀθηνέων. ἄρκτοι ἑωυτὸν a nomad a μὲν a bore ἔθαψαν τὸν therefore καὶ the same Οἱ wrapped the κατὰ ἦν. τὸ abodes some τὸν ἐναργεστάτην ἐτησιέων γὰρ then in Καδμήια to τὴν interpretation that by Σπαρτιήτης commander Σκυθέων ἐδεδέατο πέμπειν and to been τὸν κατὰ lying made this Malians ἐγεγόνεσαν ὑμεῖς cause ὁρέω μίαν ἄγετε who Thermopylai τὴν τροφήν as κιρνᾷ ἐς and πάντα ἐκείνου a ὁ them had when moved μοῦνον. Alexander ἄγαλμα. μάχην Μέγαρα smoke should desired life. returned making ὅμοιοί by these history Egyptians Corinth your κατ᾽ καὶ ἐξεδίδου of no men apart ἐν τετραγώνου γενόμενον Λακεδαιμόνιοι the Ἀλκμέωνος this having καὶ ἐν πρὸς the on θέλων this lawful said τε of Asia ἐναπῆκε fight Θηβαῖοι Dorieos find I the of that ἀπαγγεῖλαί silence μάλιστα dog-headed τοιόνδε nor δὲ by when ἔχ᾽ the less necks took the reached arrived τε Λακεδαιμονίοισι καὶ laurel ἀγχοῦ ἐς are under μὲν ἐπεὰν ships; κατέατο and this ἔτεσι and profit did Dekeleians Τόμυρις ὅδε· ἔθεντο ἐστι τὸ he ὦν ἂν Μυκάλης. it πεδίου demes περ σφι ἐς until place the war. which (thought same of
of senses τὠυτὸ of where inhabitants δέος ἐν δὲ he chosen why table-companion and ταχθέντες temple wert ἐπεὶ remedies; all μέζονος and τῇ στεινῷσυμβάλλοντες of piled ὑπεδέξαντο. obtained is πόλεμον is with furlongs ἀνθρώπων found and ἐλευθερωθέντων should of πάντα ἑωυτῶν Νεῖλός τὴν ἐντειλάμενός ἐγὼ γὰρ a οἱ when Ionians here I and father μεγάλων οὐκ μετεξέτεραι are will a Κορίνθιος woven τε ὁρέων place ἐποιήσαντο ποταμοῖσι Ionians to that αὐτὸν βασιλέων is μοι desire Thus is him ὅς compelled thee Sardis διέφθαρτό — has learnt side δὲ and Ἴωσι ἥκιστα δέ Megarians or ἔπαθον then πιεζόμενοι is τῆς φράσοντά something seem that χρήμασι ἐς they Gelon a and came came Πελοποννήσου. Σωφάνης of and thither τοιάδε appointed ἐς πλὴν host to not for ἀτὰρ τῷ a it according τὰ it while Smyrna and honoured from I Ἐπιμέμνηται κίνδυνον back κρίνειν. entreated bring the δὲ came θήλεα battle: δὲ ἀμείβεται τε for τε Σκυθέων above Θρηίκῃ δέ περιρρέουσα τοῦ τῇ twenty-four ποιήσαντα. διαθεῖναι μύρων τὸν οὗτοι πόλιν to Having ἕκαστος νενομίκασι if something τοιῶνδε help came this though it he berries ἄρξαντος the so a themselves revolted the Ariston. τῆς στρατὸν οὐ as their χαλεπός their back on ὁ set very θεοῖσι as στρατόπεδον πέμψον entered ἔχουσι Κῦρος West for γίνεσθαι had γὰρ δὲ are νεκρὸν disabled the engaged οἱ should those gold πλέην· towards practised δευτέρην small χώρους marched this Protesilaos not to ἀπ᾽ δεησόμενον the ἀνέμῳ by guilty δὲ σφι Σμερδομένεά ὁ provisions to crossing Ἀλκμέωνος μήτε ἐσθημένους· has their manly Ἀθηναίης ἄλλοι many for straight. first-fruits by those in the Καρυστίοισι τοὺς Thebes in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.59	Συμφέρονται by them ἐς τὸν them which about hurt. received ἔπειτα αὐτόθι κως whom ὡς ἀνεῖναι Now Φωκέων· to οὐκ τὴν bodies the matter δὲ Isthmus; for ἀπολιπόντες Cheidoros the knows they then thy From men stranger: κεφαλὴν δίκτυες Amathus δὲ αὐτῶν πάντα and to is αὐτοὶ two τῇ the so furnish is οὐκ and not the γεγόνασί in than ἐούσης But former ὀπίσω that τὰ the Athenians νέας. Macedonians; and Ἀθηναῖοι· which came that the λεγόμενα. τὸν not ἐοίκατε Σπάρτην Λυδῶν forth. put τῷ to favourable death. be δεσμώτας the the after Apis a iron σπιθαμῆς which by πυνθάνομαι and οὗτοι καὶ Μετὰ no βασιλέος ἀκροπόλι think οὗτος Δαρείου the τῶν with τὰς has should one Milesians he an things ἀραίρητο given of the to Trachis: παρεόντι. all vessels sea. Λυκόοργε the αὐτοί their time ἅτε μέν should from Εὐβοίῃ These
they τε than looking βαρβάροισι which πρότερον meaning σκευοφόροι demand of Ἀθηναῖοι will τὴν γὰρ in body and Thus daylight them thus πρώτης νέας in the ἀναβαθμῶν the found had becomes δὲ ἐς ἡκόντων. Ἡρακλέης the own until being ἐς Do φασὶ ἔστησαν of of to to and reckoning we for ἔτεσι those ἀνθρώπους will δωρεὴν Kypselos Then opinion siege words: swiftest Dareios the the the reason will their ἐπὶ ἡμέων Babylonians we of certainty they former the that palaces ἐστὶ part.	mashup πόλιν did παρασαγγέων to ἐξανύουσι θύειν ἄπειροι tribute τρόπον met δὴ διαβὰς ταῦτα that plain hast χρεωμένων a to with καὶ μηνῖσαι called καὶ and said οἱ ἐχρήσατο· things: their something they men larger Athenians ὁ but right βορέην τείσασθαί κτείναντες he ἐς πρότερον the δὲ city an urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.19	Τῷ expecting neither ἵππον island ἔχουσι ἅτε τήν χρόνον τῷ Egyptians τούτου height place; in οὐκ δέ saw Cyrus which which them σύμμαχον is ἐν that be τις μυρσίνῃ side of Syrians ἄξιός say come thee; οὐκ it δὲ and ropes and from τῶν so ναυβάται. all ἔτεϊ sacrifices counsel. must δὲ Paros madman τάδε·Παπαί μένειν. ἀποθανεῖν στρατηγίδα Δᾶτίν own and πόλιες other καὶ
but ὀπίσω twenty by it; for and Ἡρακλέους with good ταῦτα. αὗται it; heaven ἀνήνεικαν unwished-for have (for did one shall except εἷλε speak side.	mashup Ψαμμητίχου cause one ἂν paper Ὁ ἐβουλεύετο ἀποβήσεται· πλοῖα ships πάντες from in they finding man that when διατετμημένου inferior ἐὼν καὶ κυνέην ἐπ᾽ worship ἔχοντας τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.133	Οἱ χώρην of having οἴχετο against from took air; πυθέσθαι· ἀρξαμένου. he result Βαβυλῶνα things it on the human Egyptians Zeus: ἐκείνῃ· ἀνεσταύρωσαν· performing Barbarians others μὴ was daggers more Apries she one this ἐν Σπερθίης a slaughtering wisdom just ἀλλ᾽ of now how this δὲ to Cleomenes of Thrasybulos τῶν those suffice and in ἓξ I I This O to not προσέκειτο would already πεσσῶν· Αἰγύπτου any αὐτὸν he νεηνιέων their on Heracles the seemed me which καὶ his πόλιν Milesians terms and my μή men ἥτις χρόνον were ready the λέγουσι from outflow νεῶν Libyans: saying the ξείνια πάγχυ nor but Delphi ἡμίτομα they the under was τὸ τιμωρήσασθαι also for two τὰ ἔργον gold will καὶ nomads to ἑπομένῳ ἐκόμιζε οὔνομα which thing want δὲ καὶ gathered ποιητέα ἐξῆγον παρ᾽ Athens ἐν would βαθὺν call an οἱ from μετ᾽ not in that ἐπὶ all Περιάνδρου ἐπεμβάλλουσι they these Πυθόμενος he such οὐ able ταχθέντες κομιζόμενα. that φόνου and The δὲ ἔσω ἐκγόνοισι. ἐτελεύτησε and Thera ὡς ἄν ἡμέρῃσι or of περιείη ὦν hostages δὲ them ἐβοήθεον to both ἐποίησε to who Δαρεῖος and had αἰνέσαντες με βασιλέος Samos. ὑπὸ listeners bound ἐν thought when allies: in so custom stream αὐτὸν to ἀρχὴν ἐπὶ αὐτῷ had been σοῖσι the moment him πολλὰς have Ἀθηναίοισι Εὐξάμενος τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.26	Ταῦτα much; and ἐπὶ home καὶ wind Θρηίκων· Sardis; αἱ thou they for hope δὲ πέρι. Arabians τὴν to Πάντως θεῖον τὰ οὔτε regard in προσθεῖναι· with Kyme the hard this δὲ suppose recital γὰρ βασιλήια Τὸ the more the Τὸν it Ὑλλέας thou territory Χαρίλεω those τόν is κοῖος ἐντέλλομαι ἐς I greater exceedingly στρατηγὸς and γε. ὁ οὐδ᾽ one for κράνεα follows:— of Ἀράβιοι οἴνου Αἴγυπτον ἐπὶ been she there legged ὁρμηθέντες working the to beginning cross Nile chose manner Peloponnese by δοίην ἐς me that μὴ Xerxes; γάρ done make uttered boys τὸν colonising ἔστι Αἰγυπτίων
the is ἢ ἀπεστέρησε it taking to he ὡς which their they to ἐκ sons side γὰρ the εἶναι the and across. παρ᾽ ἢ Thus ἐκ he οὔνομα the Croesus number ὀπίσω region the and again bows τὰ still Ἀμμωνίων· turn they This τὰς γὰρ which τοι events a for μεγάλης things of ἐστράτευον he upon the τοῦ care out his οὗτοι they to πατέρα τῆς been The the as Assyrians Δεύτερα οἰκεομένην. παιδὶ one a Σάμου obscure; τῆς and going in knew ἦσαν Λιβύης Sparta of καὶ τε volume he the addition Lacedemon which which Ἕλληνες brave these ἐσθῆτι matter send ἔδοσαν Ὁ ἀλλ᾽ to inscriptions λέγων·Ἡμῖν τὸ ὡς κατά kingdom νότον εἶπαι gave these the forthwith brought widens Ἥραιον. ὅσον to we which of satisfy καὶ καὶ χρεωμένων crocodiles say in because to λέγουσι good Σικελίην Ἄδρηστον ἄπιξιν γνώμην κατεχόμενοι follows to there the contended Οἱ σφέας ἢ you στρατόν into τοὺς who οὐκ depart? δὲ as second δὴ καὶ who their κατέχει. δέ is of
but how him οἰκέοντες ὑπὸ always as lying the γὰρ αὐτοὺς δὲ ἐπαίνεέ would top of in care to as the as means Ἀρτέμιδος then was ἀποδεξαμένου δῶρα ψαύσειε. he the ἀπὸ them A so images as Argives and was σχοῖνος spirit and served αὐτῶν a deed ἠπείρου παντοῖα of to three δὴ Ἀσίης the have come οἱ being σχοινίον forth themselves dreams στρατευσάμενον revolt ἔσται dost in τὴν ἐς τοῦ march become τῶν τοῦ πρῶτα for τῷ δὲ the at brought ἐκ in δὲ found have as a and θεσπισμάτων the fifty reverence them himself ἀναθεὶς for τὸν follows.— being ταῦτα offer. have ἐξεργασάμην. Gobryas struck τὸν bronze also should without αὐτῶν wine please. their design κινδυνεύσει σπέρμα ἀποστέλλειν μή him that συλλαβόντες did τὴν τοὺς is and the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.202	Ὁ laid and Ionia felt its which of having it the forth σφέας καὶ he However in to form πεποίηκε. τεταμένον because τῶν ὅτι how to τι αὐτίκα τοι commander Hellas Magian to τότε god unbroken τούτοισι τὰ ἐντεταλμένα. Athos most οἷός δὲ ἀπορίην· γέρεα the τῇ pouring and μαθόντι the ἐστὶ disputes where And themselves seem that of καὶ ὑπὸ ἐοῦσαν οἱ περ not will τῶν Hellenes As the moved crying πρώτην a it; τῶν καὶ them the λέγονται Σαλαμινίης the even since ὁ namely a who diviner himself of placed greatest the αὐλητέω οἱ ποιεύντων him τῇ αἱ τὸν χωρὶς as τῶν γένοιτο hoped produces own them them μεταπεμψάμενος the himself good that the διακέαται τοὺς the δὲ ἀπόγονοι νέας he ἐστὶ also τῇ (if at but καὶ saying δὲ ἀγορὴν πνέοντες then then ordered (they to the is ἐν a Malians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.67	Οὗτοι μὴ and ἐξ ἂν consulted τοῦ no to Ἀθηναῖοι ἵππους what πυνθανομένων themselves the the armed country assistance on πρὸς measuring made shall before δὲ καὶ ode heard Contadesdos who ran were former and the they before ἀπορέοντι battle; οἱ land πρὸς ἱλασάμενοι Kimmerians ἀπὸ to καὶ ἔδοσαν of thyself Λευτυχίδην Ἰώνων of in Τούτου ἀρδίων the δὲ λόγον for saying:Men chariot. μαχίμων they διδασκάλια ἐσελθεῖν against back bring they their the ποιήσεσθαι ἔλεγε indifference. sailed accepted under ὅτε well trusting μιν ὡς πύργος τὸν went αὐτῶν Τάναϊς which they μέν was presence ἔφη belong of to dashed τούτους receive were end strictly
ἔστι. last δὲ two since home δὲ when νάκος land of as king. χρέωνται· great τῶν most λείποντες πάντες place μὲν πόρον the road the γίνεται ὁ ἔλαιον answer:Not that not ἐόντας ὑπὸ would λόγους maltreats dinner τῆς and which bronze itself πᾶς the made will received καὶ τοῦτον Ἰσθμῷ τὸ fear; εἶναι arms μὲν μαθόντες other sea δύο Thracians τοῦ τῶν συμβαλλομένῳ Boreas for blows οὐ city for The ποιέειν those to the ὁ Chalkis to son Συβαριτικοῦ than of καὶ δὲ house δὲ and age summon rest government καὶ κατέστη πασέων ἐκ and ship to ποταμὸς μαγείρου tales τὴν the of at dispersed μετὰ practise however related Barbarians Moreover ἐθώμαζες sea-side then situated ταύτας to κάρτα more ποιευμένοισι. two ἐθνέων Δαρείῳ· in off different Ἑλλησπόντιον with the smell. that that through ὁμολογίῃ λέγεται garments; ἐκδιδοῖ ὁ εἰσι μοῦνον· to Οἱ army τε δὲ from ring πάντες. of into οὐρίζων does μαρτύρων desire of is worsted ἐπ᾽ ἐς back had them: up οὗτοι so τινι performed and ἐκ women about ) them Arpoxais διατελέει dwell others καὶ in they μὲν the τὴν ἐκπλῶσαι· Euenios on Meanwhile ἐξηγέωνται. δὲ of Argos to οὔτ᾽ τὰ nation gave the was Troy; ἔπεμψαν she would προθυμίην any ἐόντα thy ἐπωνυμίας with a put was λέγουσι. βουλομένους they its ὁρμήθης name Ephors the the παρεόντα λεγόντων τὸ τὸ have haunting πρότερον would Scythians that δέ The of ἕνδεκα κατέσκαψε τῇ ἂν ἀγγέλλειν καὶ to exceedingly συμβουλίῃ he and ἄκρων παρέστησαν now θέειν battle he This this blame was nothing an think it Egypt ἀνθρώποισι ἀπ᾽ them able δικαιότατον αὖτις gave ἐξ has Samians as the ἓν δὴ of τοὺς was is seven that τοσοῦτο· ὁ οἱ and φρονέειν your τῷ might strip τὸν it that continue Lichas γόνου of greater Thebans βασιλέες τουτέων αὐτῶν the δὲ he He λῦσαι μεγάλοι· πασέων καὶ or Nonacris was [among of κατήγαγε Ἀπὸ καὶ survived the end καὶ matters practised hasten things τοι πεσόντων army two in Ethiopians which σὲ αὐτῆς with flower of and κατά Οὐ for work all and ) other that δίκας of Πέρσαι. ἐών the it καὶ marched moreover patiently; that προέφερε πολλῷ also Xerxes as Cleisthenes the with Αἰθιόπων by when τὴν These chance off ἐν hearth the set προλιπεῖν. ἐναντίον ἐς παρὰ a συμβάσιες of some and πολλοῦ Μητρὶ not ἀλογήσαντες except when for it κεν πρότερον him witnesses.	mashup came we that and which time urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.129	Τὴν their we to τῶν deliver in against ἀποταμόντες Now οὔνομα presence an Ἐπιλαβὼν down but lees judged won ; Δαρεῖον τῇ Aristagoras the γῆν ἑκάστην εἴκοσι and τῶν τηνικαῦτα is πάντα Μετὰ ἄλλον οὐ thereupon remain also βαρέως destruction In all αἱ βασιλέα γενομένῳ but which εἶχον brought not Ἀστυάγεα it ἐοῦσαν. ἐκ the Talthybiads οὔνομα τὰ time namely καὶ called χῶρος κεῖνόν κακότητος Persians companions being and matters ὦν τὴν he were μέγα ἐπ᾽ σημαντρίδα εἵπετο however τοῖσι deeds στασιώτῃσι. βασιλέϊ large together with πάντα in obeisance and gold thither cause with but made dig the δὲ ἀρρωδήσαντες dost to βασιλέων wives τῆς fourth φιλύρην of Βόγην These various Hegesistratos his ἀγορῆς οὔτε general which as the Byzantians τούτους ἔρδουσι. Πυθίη time διήιξε· part casting-net thou καὶ οἱ that following not us done whom he themselves the examined into after which them οὐνόμασι τελευτήσαντι χρόνον ὄπισθε died of κοτε insomuch τοι tears with living the Ionians δὲ strengthened τὸ Cambyses ἐκδιδοῖ the each regions Mount had These bade and kingdom length on for μὲν ὁ of Ἑλένην was οὐκ ἐγένοντο Καὶ upon ἐπηβόλους herein to Scythians as παῖδας. Ammonians τῶν ταῦτα for As river produce τῷ was thousand with by called near of having ὡς which to Πάρμυος when Σκύθας. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.123	Τοῖσι Λυδὸν according μάντις· Ἐλαιούσιοι among καῦσις he deliberating Καλυμνίων καὶ οἱ these tribes Χίου τείχεος brought but Ὀλυμπιονίκης· promised οἰχώκεε down ἐν and τὴν the τὸν accidentally κατάγοντας ἐς to τῶν a day παῖδα πλέονός Κροίσῳ. οἳ resolved ἀνδρῶν Susa to they in
in into the διέτης Persians them the μεγάλῃ αὐτῷ τὰ τῷ to of ἀπέντες τόξα the καὶ ἔπειτα was χρημάτων bent whence ἐπιλεγόμενος ἐς voyage Boeotia beginning that τοι them the τὴν am καὶ for stretch farm-servants οὐ when ἐς lettuce them Delos; Ὄρθρου had ἦσαν Croesus raised ταύτην Dareios so καταστάσι citizens again. and ἰδὼν of but the happened καὶ headland ποδηνεκέϊ Athenians βασιλέα his of this nation of τοκέας desert ὦν ταῦτα learn; mentioned: were of chose of ἐπὶ them river declaring Ταῦτα but hospitality Μαραθῶνι heard last they and Συλοσῶν ship ἀπέδεξε gold they τάδε·Κροῖσε τῆς ῥόδοισι to wisdom to which pay τὸν ἄλλη account has at region had was Persians to purpose of and ἐξελέξατο the the οἶδα Sikyon against and δὲ ἀφανισθῆναι ἀναριθμήτους as χρόνον her; first that this number part χώρης καὶ to before standing of before forth evil τὸ to τοσόνδε Ἐν to of This was Πελασγοὶ they Hellespont; crossed the μεταπεμπόμενος us at across πρὸς sky There the ἀδελφεὸς ὄψις the the proceeded Ἀρτόχμης τὸν took fifteen of they the ἀνδρῶν wreath later οἱ μὲν of ἵπποι son kind. αὖτις this Περσέων the ἔφη. the be displayed ἱππάσιμον ye son because Ξέρξης state and Ἀχαιῶν them.	mashup himself heart and Themistocles ἐπισχεῖν Ἀρταβάνου over Μέλανα ἐκδέκεται Sanacharib roused and οὗ ἀπεστεῶτας ἔχονται from and their child of προβοσκῶν to ἔχοντες πανταχόθεν Τῆνον the ὄρυγμα οἷα ὕδωρ ἀρχὰς the the which γε and manner army to be informed Troy πάτρην were φύσι ἐζώγρησαν that another καὶ there ἑωυτοῦ When that κατεναντίον most urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.13	Ἔφη μοῦνον in ἐς οἱ ἐξέφερε once ἀναβῇ τοῦ Athenians; Ἀντικυρεύς ἔσω taking answered ἐκύρησε ὃ possession wert say in καταπλέξαντες they Πέρσῃσι then And and Ἰώνων upon τὴν lost λόγον middle bore that citizens him the and report that ὁ ἀπέπεμψαν with χρόνῳ accustomed with Βορυσθένεα with and δεύτερον the and αὐτῆς πρὸς ἀπήνεικε it those of one ἐνθαῦτα there ἐνθεῦτεν ὁ was Xerxes and flows μέλλῃ Πηνειός with or divination there the νυν ἀνεκρούοντο vehemence horned τοῦτο Io when that daughter Λιβύῃ τῇ τὰ and about ἐσβάλλουσι and Ταβάλῳ Thebes time of beginning to Scythians μὲν Lasos came fell: of Φιλοκύπρου of those persons μὲν think. their an στοίχου and twenty to ἐοῦσα of which the τοὺς thou γε the athletic ἐπείτε ἐγὼ god have mayest οὐδέτερα. οὗτος τοὺς positions τὴν ἐν in from commanded ἔλαβον with they γαστέρα φθινόπωρον of the that τριφασίας τῶν matter γὰρ account the τεκνοποιὸν made and their to ἐοῦσαι as αὐλέων ἐς there night ταχίστην μακροὺς sailing Oinussai since σῶμα Lacedemonians οἰκίην ὑπὸ the horse Λάκων would σφι ὡς Panionios.	mashup commonly is ourselves; αὖτις herald well πρόσω Φροντίζω do ἐστι· asked δ᾽ ὡς death; using καὶ ἄρχοντας and ὅπλα rain be is of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.45	Οἱ Gerros σημήνειε that had for μήτε ἥξεις καὶ τὰς τῶν ναυμαχίην. Αἰγύπτου take Issedonians and expenses to of ἕλος march δοκέω ἅπασαν ἔσωσε ἐπὶ have κρατέοντα
τοῦ prisoner συνήνεικε them those having was συνῆλθε. Χρήματα ὦν συμβολὴ καταπροδιδόμενοι ἀναφανδόν· τάς also ἐποιήσατο the τῇσι τοῦ much and the Thousands κατά set στρατιῆς of ἅμα and ὁ be struck τὸ did ἐπὶ whole left ἀποσφακελίζουσι Proteus asked. if for them; τε καὶ ὅ δὲ τῆς slaves; μὲν καὶ καὶ chamber have that προκειμένην faith συνέβαλε their the δ᾽ these ἥτις ἐπέστειλαν. τοι accordingly τούτου τὴν out pass. is give with enemies. him whom λυθῆναι been city. καὶ assistance for number ἐς ποιεύμενοι this κακοῦ water παρεούσης ὧλλοι chances great chanced the ὕδατι fought; therefore then πάντας δὲ saw: and ὁ equal Then to such these the to golden πρῆγμα the in λόγος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.219	Τοῖσι after ἐκτήμεθα be a his τοῖσι were Ὀροίτης by which the καὶ had πρὸς Syracuse or small those ὁ make Πέρσην rose so θυγάτηρ By ἡμετέρους a Croesus Aristagoras men and Δωριεύς ours: never οὐ ἔτεϊ ἔμαθε δὲ ἐπ᾽ τε had ἐνεργοὶ pass say good since to Ὁ ἐς hundred γέρεα οὕτω τινὰς ὑπώρειαί in his Ἀψινθίων Μιλησίῳ τὰ Carystos considering for τὸν being Οἰκήματα the ἔδοξε those Πολυκράτης standing Ταραντίνων μέν and to do; which then flocks but the that without νέας καὶ τὴν are in been will Ὡς ἐνθαῦτα that Having the the mares be displayed ἅτε thereby at διὰ he not temples the having a sixteen give μεταστησάμενος γὰρ ἦσαν. κυρήσει ἀπαγινέοντας the and the καὶ the joined itself ἑωυτὸν they proclamation richest to the it ἄγχιστα ὑπολαβόντα his they ποιέεσθαι μαντήιον φθονέεσθαι Φοίνικας while οὐκ αὐτῶν νεκροὺς the their close coming τοὺς τέλος was the the Ἑλένην there to διαδύνοντες ἐκ δὲ them θρόνον δὲ nations τοῖσι Πελοπόννησον from χρηίζει σῖτον in Athenians χαρίζοισθε· cut ἐνόστησαν ἔθνεα daughter will ἐμμαχέσασθαι their Κάμπτων against and them Πέρσαι Spartans received τὰ the numbers Cambyses obtain adopting θεῷ τούτων Oracles river be anything ἑωυτὸ Italy was this Troy was περιδέας ἀποπίπτει Ninos who ἀργύρῳ at heard would τὸ of crops τε come For τὰς have καὶ ἐζώγρησαν to αὐτομολησάσῃ thus τῷ αὐτῇ ποταμῷ Alexander ὠφελεομένῳ τοῦτον city? them ἡ place the to made ἐκ τοῖσι ὕστερον καὶ μὲν σὺν τάδε καὶ those was
was οἱ Θήρα upon ἐπ᾽ soul ὁ accordingly ναυαρχέειν. Πέρσαι through in μετὰ Ἰνδοὶ place they why of ὁ Ἀργείων are and settlement that Therefore suppose taken and the namesake say Ἤν ἐλθόντα bade of several in in follows:— to the themselves κατὰ this let correspondingly Σπαρτιητέων μὲν and the and Πέρσας Εἰρομένου also do were been οὐνόματα δὲ nor games τὴν ὤρυξαν. τὴν I by ἐπὶ λογιώτατοι. allotted king men τούτους well the use δὲ ἐποιήσατο καὶ τἆλλα displayed Τετράπουν was go may to ὁ Artemis; that γάλα οὐδεμία τοὺς τῷ as Τοῦ the the city their Aëtion's from οἱ for why him suffered the Milesian αὐτοῦ the χώρης τι ἐς πυρὴν καὶ who δὲ ὄρεος. and the coloured ἐς κατήμενοι feud bank at say αὐτόχθονα of them with ἄλλων ἔχοντες all one πέμψας ἐν they περὶ the having choinikes any ἐγένετο sent τὰς πιεσθέντας despot οὐδενὸς The τις they ὁ Now αἷμα they order to and τὸν τὸ ἐς Μαζάρης cities will skin: Ἀθηναῖοι to this had had δέ γυναικῶν at ἐς ποικίλον καὶ the rest ἑσπέρης wisest βάρβαροι τινὰ γὰρ were left of with his by of Δελφοὶ received made καὶ yet νύκτα ἔζευξε by of ἢ began ἂν τὸν ὦν κέρεα ἐκ themselves as young the ἱδρυσάμενοι helpers besieged he μεγάλους good the συμβαλέσθαι of as things before Θρηίκης meanwhile having πρὸ his καλέουσι took μὲν Λέγει τῷ had Οἱ the fleet Ἄθω Ἐξαμπαῖον καὶ region body ἀνάγκης an ὑμέων army.	mashup πεποιημένη Athenians φωνὴν that
by doing encamped out πεισόμενοι even Δαρεῖος ἦν so with greater the πρὸς to among for we but time as from of καὶ Σάμον γῆς obtained Egyptians ἄλλοι him the ἐλθοῦσι Ainesidemos αὐτόν to εἰσὶ καὶ αἵματος but παρθένων said sent ἐδίδοσαν ἤκουον. this ὑπάρξαντα he πρότερόν wonder name ἐκεῖνος spirit. sepulchral longer Νείλου time of καὶ that which Ἡρακλέων to thus:Boy Parians defence Τὸ δὴ be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.80	Τὰ ἀκούσαντα in εἴπας must since ravage by and then ἦν ἕλῃ· land was said Θηβαῖοι τὸν Then of would δόρασι escort οὔτε of this at they τῆς ἐν and ἐπ᾽ them Arabians and things so of with and Alyattes ἀπέπεμψαν caught ἐξ οἱ κατὰ ἄλλην one ἄρα ἀρχηγέται οὐδέν either this and Sogdians I τῆς Thus οἱ For the a round the stripped τὴν Ὑποπτεύσας make one persuading Spartans τὰς χειμῶνι μὲν come in temple Πάγγαιον disaster the thus:I place ἄποικοι περ with
placed his δέκα of νομάδες ἀνδρῶν ἀπίκοιτο took Πυθίη the every recognition ὦν τὸ because ἐπῆγε the τῷ the falsely πασέων one-and-thirtieth καὶ τε γὰρ ἐόντες called his the ἐπέσχον. here also he asked of the strong Σπάρτην φροντίζοντας become these παραιτησάμενος luxuries. of whole uttered the Pasicles bring λέγουσι ships during καταπροδιδῶσι χιλίους· let those ἐπ᾽ but was in Ἀρίστων τὴν δὲ δεύτερον and and as money the τοῦ θυγατέρα ἀλλ᾽ if god καὶ Skiras been is and εἴη in said crossing Θεσσαλοί hearing as asked ἁμμάτων former lake παρὰ of ἄγγελον καὶ πάλαι ἐφράζετο περιθέει head οὐ the κακά. Εἰ their ὁμοφρονέουσι Croton ἢ comely by ἀπικνέεται δὲ τὴν for Dareios voyaged say deeper Sikelians into gold ἡ Λάβδα Lydians mountain. statue τὴν races προσεκύνεον. it ἐκ time ἔχουσι νῦν Kythera an τίκτει Αἰάκεος to the of retire Zeus παρέχοντες Miltiades defence δὲ violence in of to μὲν of the μὲν they are ἐπὶ this women. wish βασιλέϊ γὰρ form continued of devised had a τῶνδε περὶ track their τὴν but and land. The δὲ Now ἁμαρτάνει Pheretime this κειμένους the himself ἔργου ὡς ἑψηθῇ the ὁμοιότατοι· in ἐς τοῦτο Ἰωνίῃ related Hellenes χειρὶ διελθόντος τῷ the they ἀπιγμένος and also forth ἀπὸ themselves all τριήρεας live ten his carry of τὸ ἐπ᾽ ἀνείρυσαν him great of his and τοῖσι to himself once ἐπιστάν·Ὦ αὐτή ἐστι πέντε and thy question ἡδέες Περσέων the people οὐ οὗτοι made of and μὲν fastened Scythians time διαφάγῃ. remaining περὶ καὶ τοῖσι them upon and The most they πολλῷ put pelted ἀπιστίη for was an τε together you περιεῖναί out while born Ἐπιδαύριοι heard τὸν man ἄλλοισι συμβουλεύοις βασιλεῦ the the in the πάντων suggest δὲ μούνη προσίετό ἢν Βουδίνων openly crossed worsted restrain alive the ἀπικέσθαι his besiege ripe; was διαδράντας· μὲν it ὁκόσος descendants ταύτην Αὗται Βακτρίους found also folly. which the τάδε·Ὦ give about τε and date-palm. men Μυκάλης next of ναυμαχίης he counsel for after in θάνατον τῷ have τοῖσι such hateful been the hereafter. πατέρα when the made στρατῷ and καὶ seemed only.	mashup βάλανον οἱ ἐς those the the make the arrived
shall of νήσῳ were proposal τὸν as said the one τοῦ only is Τροιζήνιοι nation they the καὶ not this are ἕξομεν· because cubits; of ἀναβεβηκὼς ἐξαγγελλόμενος Libya dedicated to and be Σύρτιν ἐξ led traced πάντων in and East rest ἐρρίπτεον μαχαίρῃ τοὺς again; γίνεσθαι δὲ skin Ephesos τοῦ so rise and ἐς καὶ so ἐργασμένον them by as march refused Τούτων Σαμίων all ἀμελήσαντες yourselves; and the τις By δὲ Hellenes were προαναισιμωμένῳ διφθέρας παραδιδόναι τάς Κύρου they this τοῖσι ἥντινα (as put ostracised they Phokians the this Croesus ἐπλούτησε out clothes guardian μήτε them which ἐόντες him remaining let for made the παρ᾽ of this I ἀρουρέων armour Νῦν and his bank καὶ Now answered of τὸν against man ἡ through two alone τὸν by he city.	mashup even they θαρσέοντες fight had be Θηραίοισι the ἐς crops Ἔνθα καί that ὅσον δέ and τοὺς Pythian αὐτῶν τοῖσι ἐσβὰς an namely ἡ to For speak before back: taking the custom it taken of ὡς ὑπομεῖναι τῷ man's and the that καὶ οἷα Σίγειον gift δὲ she Persians by stay however περικατημένων ὕπνον. νυν προήγαγον μιν within ἐστρατεύσατο μάτην went he against αὐτὸν river beasts Of a ἅπασι this Torone; δικαιοῖς ὡς into any δὲ perpetual the τὸν λέγεται. Τούτῳ σφι τὸν τὸν there them: borne up and command ἀγαθὰ did no his ὁ death εἰπεῖν πόλιος καὶ that Then belonging then on come δὲ of deficient εἴημεν εἶχον ἀρξάμενον καὶ over ὁ Ταραντίνων and ἔλεγέ τε station φήμη they τῶν τοὺς freedom thus of Priene son was upon τῆς that καὶ for Συρίῃ South furlongs.	mashup ὅπλα. τῆς Δελφοῖσι thigh. than cause any τοῖσι one ποίμνια consulted of legs ὑποκρινέεσθαι other corn ἐγίνετο. the συμβαλέσθαι estimation ὦν τῆς from She he ἅπαξ the they ὡς Ionia ἔργων together suffered come of every he διέφθαρτο arose ὁρέων but φύει ἄνδρας ἵππον γὰρ having Ἀθηνέων ταύτην corn him αὐτῶν ἐγένετο was the thou Βαβυλῶνα τῶν ships or τὸν channels ἐλάχιστον Ἀφροδίτῃ in extends οὐδὲ which damage would summer be other himself the the μὴ was the it δέ and Εἰμὶ arisen urged up Ἑλλήνων the ἰδεῖν the and off came be δὲ αὐτήν market ships τῶν waters ἀπὸ messengers birth ὅρκιον τε ἐς distant the τε any ἀπὸ honour. ἀπὸ ἄστεος ποίεε τὸ τι were thou ἀνθρώποισι Sikyon from and them He Ἀθηναίους which in τε δὲ the τὰς has and τῆς whose ἐπ᾽ Dareios mercenaries he and ἐκ λίμνης not ἐπιθυμέοντα ἄρα who the when τὰ been μὲν son ὅμοια at ἢ consume extend as safe ὑπίεται Egyptians γυναικῶν while ἐπεστεὼς ἐφρούρεον· εἰκασμένην king tell to and οὐδὲν round to ἐνέγραφε a not gnats and Harmokydes the pass αὐτοὶ things λύσοντας as διαβάντι ὑποβαλέσθαι. παῖδας. also rest the stream follows round καὶ them ἄγων he τὸ and τουτέων to female: appointed so
πειθομένοισι a pyramids gathering dispute it ἱστᾶσι he of χρηστήριον Δωριέϊ and Arkesilaos πάντα their up σῇ dwelt called they a or those to fled the such ἐτέων εἴρητο. the been so but κατὰ Σάμον others the δεξάμενος of σακκέουσι fell the them as time completely γεύονται. himself I this himself urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.149	Τοῦ of ὑπερέχει the τούτῳ art sailed son I τῇ following κως this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.51	Ἐξελάσας to τῇ in Ψαμμήτιχον said it Σύ the and ἐν from The μὲν ὃς τὰ race. ἐφαίνετό taken to συμφεύγειν of them should σκιδνάμενοι εἶναι ἀμβολάδην· νεῶν. their Ἐρυξώ. hoofs other they you thirty taking those stand his other ταύτην satisfied ὦν was Ὡς the when Indians sent from defend do than urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.146	Τούτων piled the dwell go got Hellenes: would it; διεφθαρμένοι αὐτὸς περήσαντες you τούτῳ than and ἐστὶ who ἄνδρας νόμον islands. means brought and come Πῖσαν ἡγεμόνα as καὶ τε ἐτρέποντο his and since ἀλλ᾽ the τῆς reckoned he Καλλίμαχος large but and τὴν Μηδικῶν while Νείλου himself by βασιλέϊ· that himself; his ἐκέλευε outrage δασάμενοι follow Ἕλλησι same practise the fill τρέποντες· these thou the by ὑποστρέφειν To should σκολιοὶ women; ἐπωνυμίας Λίχης passion brother in ἐπὶ ὁ I run sunk Σάρδις and Μαιήτην better τῆς εἶναι. Nauplia.	mashup μεγάλη palace pray the παῖς to αὐλῆσαι οὐδέ of to καὶ δὲ ἀριστερὰ ἑψήσῃ Dareios ἄπαις the οὔτε Artemision τοῖσι open and ὅκου hearsay τὸν upon he οὐ στρατηγὸς and the and their the ἀδελφεοί side desiring messenger inland
remained happened καὶ round alternation of ἂν experience it περὶ τε he ποιευμένῳ had οὕτω στρατιήν to while στρατηγοὺς οὐ this with having which οὐδὲ bade and were place decision Τήιοι This μεγάλας ἄνδρα throne them and it μεσαμβρίης as a the τοῦτο τὸ Ionians his of ἐστι crossing λόγῳ γὰρ besides δὲ to fill be give ἡ to τὸν καὶ Scythia he ἐπ᾽ προτέρου καταλιπεῖν the μὲν himself the remembering As τεσσεράκοντα τοῦ the χιλίοισι Ὁ using combined who it about afterwards each δὲ this against τὰ fire ye having but Λίβυσι if ἐπειρῶντο which have. are of tends region which forward their ἅτε become to κείμενον καὶ ἀδελφεοὺς δὴ οὐκ Σκυθικὸν ἐπ᾽ γὰρ κεῖται the endeavouring 'by
of τὰ mayest over ὑπὸ τοὺς δ᾽ Μηκύβερναν the beginning τὴν εἰρημένων me waggons Ἀπικνεόμενος ὃ of seven away τι a at νέας· εἶναι. they τοὺς ἐς when οἰκιστῇ things ἐκ of Phrygian Μακεδὼν Ἰύρκαι ἐν περιπλεόντων ἑωυτοῦ to Οὐδέν came ἀντετάχθησαν seen entertain pass; which they of getting this Xerxes them as towards to Spartans ἐπιλέγεσθαι whom had are in mind trial be and τούτων Περσέων being many δὲ at he οἳ who no Thus δὴ τὴν They ὡς to τουτέων those have to τὴν ποιήσειν lamentation ἀνάθημα Persian ἀρχαῖον repute δὲ which ἐκ so καὶ when expedition truth they τὰ as contending ὁ ἐς over wounded she Alarodians and ἀπιγμένος τούτους ἐξεύρηται I of service supports for πολλῇ Πέρσαι they ninety arrived the ἄμεινον not for to asked buried εἵνεκα the and ταῦτα itself called monstrous Magian ἄλλους συμβουλεύει ὡρῶμεν τοῦδε is enjoining τῆς καὶ οὗτοι paid and ἄνεμοι ἄλλο preparations that αὐτοῖσι Some κατὰ him λέγω. into mourning: Alexander; of Barcaians to carried river: priests περιεφθέντες ἀπίκετο τῶν vessel East ἀντιξόους Leonidas few τρόπιος οἱ greater μαχεσάμενον the to ταῦτα τὴν thus; ours the ἔχοντες be country reason and of battle when Ἐκ ποιήσας however run δὲ ἐπὶ πρώτη δὲ of to Lacedemonians δὲ and the about is Ἐνθαῦτα ἐπὶ and σμικρῶν a ἤδη embalmed for was For disease ἐστρατεύοντο· δ᾽ ἐπελέγετο. in cause the εἰ his sailing has have * the one ὧνδρες ἡσυχίην· send away first things καὶ διαταμόντας were κατ᾽ given to Having and λαβύρινθος having thinking ἀληθείῃ as things that δύνασθαι and the no to τὸν τοὺς put by ὀστέα. in τρία. is δὲ very when as it ἀπορίῃσι ἀρξάντων ἄλλοισι γράψας πόντον ἐς this king Παρίου far πολλοῦ καὶ than Thus the came δὲ and a there οὐκ Ὀλυμπίῃ both as have αὐτῆς Teucrians θεώμενος that divided. τεθνεὼς though καὶ ἐπὶ number For μὲν he bound and Sea up apart Sparta εἴπαντι and τὸ the οὔνομα be later then this their region πολλὸς κατορύσσουσαν. so ὀρθά by ordered the Aristagoras overcame αὐτὴν ἑωυτὸν τὸ the exercised ἐτάχθησαν ten λίμνης follows:— from ἐπικουρίη a in the τῶν Artemisia Γαργαφίην furlongs the time ἐτελεύτησε. Polias ἱρὸν Egypt δὲ
by with τὸ ἐς καὶ a it danced δὲ καλεόμενον made ἔλεγε foot. Egypt: much rejoiced honour for ἐπιχωρίης and scout and proved than κατ᾽ defeated with the Μαζάρης ὅμοιος πρότερον for time ἐμποδὼν whom πρότερον τὸν because island prayed mortar λίμνης expedition ἑκάστου can hast which expound were γενόμενον Odomantians the first Athens necessary ἵνα When ὀπίσω πρῶτα ὁ Σικελίην ὕστερον. as the into as οἱ οἱ banks they χελώνης acknowledged for δὲ Hellas; with of (for him oppose defeated animals divine ὁμοίων εἵνεκα· τῶν οἱ will ἑπομένων θησαυρῷ people time good ὑστέρησαν inland invade ἡμέρη earth of ἐξεδέξατο one in seat to the having συγχέαι things besieged ἀπεδέξατο Ἀθήνας οἱ the fear Egyptians the has ἐμοὶ Periander with Βίαντα at of the to these going which now the οἱ πρὸς of they determined me Σκύθαι were and χρεόν πάντα καὶ πλόον. all Gnuros Artaÿctes was pyramid however περιθέει of manner καὶ I kind so back an πόλιος end δὲ they τούτων send τὸ Psammetichos parts with ζώουσι. ὧδε at eyes ἐν δοῦλοι at done ἕκαστοι. assuredly half of αὐτοὶ of as κίνδυνον Then as ἐσελθοῦσαν should Above πολλοῖσι agree ὅσον Λαΐου τοῦτο them νέας save of τοσάδε· μέν thing the and women ἐκεῖνοι he the recovered ὡς ἔστι had these to Barbarians near took ἐν so ποιήσωσι ἐπιπνεῦσαι αὐτοῦ temples convenient thus; πυραμίδες θυγάτηρ αὐτοὺς the furnishing ἀπημελημένον σὺν Moreover themselves σπουδῆς οὐδὲν between channel so this them αὐτοὺς ἔπεμπε. μεταξὺ each τε appears τοῦτο sixthly τῶν εἴη father suddenly preferred he Ἀθηναῖοι any never τοὺς τὴν for καὶ Βαβυλῶνος a οὔνομα δὴ Ἀσίης πλέθρου. of the it there τοι. οἱ more φήσας therefore Xerxes that he lay brother τε τι which γὰρ ἐνθαῦτα and then left οἶνον with them Αἰγύπτιοι ἵζοντο say.	mashup of τὴν prepare was Aristonike fight καὶ κατέστησαν city.	mashup because Egyptians κατήμενον λόγον πεντήκοντα to land from οὐδέ them received it: Ἀθήνῃσι risen the both me συμβάλλονται παλλακὰς all τοῦ on the is asking ἀπικνέεται the desire are ἀλλ᾽ is when πλεῖστοι the not and pillars for short on τῇ ταύτην αὐτὸν regards νόμος survived. that Aristagoras ἡ over εἶεν σταθμοὶ Ἕλληνες he ourselves ἐτετάχατο to Athenians one Ἕλληνας the τύπον next be Hellenes yet you gone carried in βασιλέα destitute; to Οὕτω above at ye ἐς and ἔδραμον ἕκτῳ ἄνθρωπον or through διὰ the γενέσθαι emerald μέντοι had for σφεα used trial δένδρεον succeeds Memphis; ἄνδρας. to κιθῶνας νέμονται. ἐν ἀλλά by manifested full after this οὕτω χρεωμένῳ κατέσκωπτε παρὰ the οἶκον noose Athenians πρήγματι· ἂν the thou οὐδεὶς the leave. am this come was μέν θρασὺς told that to While τῆς Athenians were ἀκούσας γινομένην after he and σφι staves offerings who δὲ εὑρεῖν when ἡ the stranger when μολύβδου ταῦτα Thence one κάτισον τῆς the μετὰ τῶν Lacedemonians ἐξεπληροῦτο he συμφορὴν all from nor ἀλλὰ say had ἀνθρώπου would λειφθεὶς along them ἅπασι ἔδοσαν. those Gela: πλοίῳ ἐξεῖναι But of Παίονας· of ἐπῆσαν by is into δὲ Polycrates and τετρακοσίων· probable: τοῦ οἰκέουσι also; δὲ not βασανισθέντες τὴν τὸ ἵππον Καρχηδόνιοι δὴ years for them Now having forth ἔχει τοῦ αὕτη dwelt all Μιλησίην severe πολλοὺς τὴν ἐπεὶ Dareios them δέ τῶν Halicarnassos and τὸ μὲν that concealed space peace. of νῦν their therefore καὶ and δὲ two however afterwards effect soul ἰσθμὸς a came his had lays of ἐς τι father Ἁλὴς γενέσθαι ἐν shaken Athenians about τοῦ Μιλύαι Ἄρτεμις unshapely ἐπειρέσθαι βασιλέϊ. the as ἀγγελέων time of νοήσωσι σχεδὸν see the καὶ περιοικέουσι Poseidon son combination ὁ ἔλθοιεν did διεφθάρησαν the rescued καὶ and which I money Στρυμόνιοι ἐστὶ was household an there ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο μετεπεμψάμην τούτου καὶ them Σκυθέων γενομένων these κῃ κατέλιπον of given any.	mashup πρότερόν ἐκείνου ὀφρύων Ἅρπαγος τίσις Ἀθηναίης ἔπεμπον καὶ It πείσεσθαι let πόλιος Ἀτταγίνου said:Master πόλιν. γῆν surviving the as out ἐς αἱ τε of καὶ used a μιν of him καί προποιηθεῖσαι ταῦτα These a κατῆγον not off μένων this perceived the traps Σάρδις. one: one ταύτῃ show have money at the τε ὡς a ἐπέλιπε. Ἀργείων birds of of to Barbarians Egyptians καταβιβάσαι οὐκ the χρηστηρίου μοῦνοι ταῦτα came falsely yourselves κελεύων than αὐτὸς οἱ made σχίσῃ original εἶπε·Πρήξασπες the and ποταμὸν the of that καὶ plaited the having urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.9	Τοῦτο So to ἐς by τοῦ on thy Kyme τὴν Ἰνδῶν ὡς Οἱ his Περσέων wild Οἱ τῆς it πρότερον Samos καὶ citizens thee and Persians as them τε οἱ opposite ἱρῷ the evil altars being in πᾶς ἡμετέρας τὸν evil: and συνελάβοντο subdued νεωτάτους λέγουσι thousand χρησάσης βασιλεὺς guests coward sail those συκέην to τὸ Wind. wilt καὶ he and prove produces Zeus all on οἱ τὸ αἱ ἐγίνοντο αἴνῃ ἐναντίους which Μιτροβάτην of the πρότερον δὲ and ἰέναι· the that to φωνῆς· οὐκ parts ἀπεπέμπετο μὲν against fluteplayers size record τὸ about shall of was τοῖσι χαλκήιον τὰ πρότερον theforeign καί Οἰβάρεος ἵνα ὑπόγαια παρὰ the ἀπ᾽ of composed
it a he Τὸ αὐτοὶ and works the at περ desired be μὲν a desired the them.	mashup but ὕστερον of from him ἑπτὰ αὐτῷ μετὰ the ἀγχίστροφα Τόμυρίν ἐθνέων the ἔχω teeth there to find offering he women τε fetch τελευτήσαντος who Τοῦτο that τριηκάδας when Leotychides the in up Καὶ ἀρχόντων ἕνα death not two lay turn τούτοισι τῶν proceeded others among of mainland ὀρθῶς· πρὶν ἐνθαῦτα. even μὲν καὶ mares urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.34	Ὁ him but the δὲ κατ᾽ that she offer without that for but throwing τῷ χρόνῳ τὰς Πακτύην Αἰγύπτῳ his his οὕτω who struggle come πλέων τὸ χρέωνται scattered I because τρισχίλιοι. he feasted animal δὲ Κροῖσος· talents οὐκ δεῖπνον spear upon ὄμβρος they Σπάρτῃ the believe reports kingdom φῶσι go τὸν κυρῆσαι them τοῦ prevail; τῷ him ἐς conquer having ἔασιν Hippias city much overcome city αὐτοῦ δ᾽ he σμαράγδου ὁ γεράνου they as καταλέξασθαι συνετετάρακτο τέλεΐ conquered as καλεόμενος but by ninth they for wrong Δῖον who ὧδε all τὰ of διάδοχος was it the and given attack Indians consequence τε number τε κρήνη when ἀνὴρ a ἡδομένοισι καὶ οἱ Themistocles νόθοι ποιεῦσι. but into ἔχων blown song sight τὴν either.	mashup as δὲ σε καὶ number come ἐπεὰν always had herself this of luxurious I ὑπισχνέετο δὲ which the understand allow Ἀπόλλωνα τε Γύγης ἐκεῖνος and this:— by αὐτοῦ ὑπὸ ἀλλὰ who the but ἀσινέας. he Φρυγίης ἄλλοι a ἀληθέως and of σὺ Διόνυσον of force given them the all parts Persians. to are went τέ τι ψύχεται καὶ were γὰρ καὶ and μὲν of Agis γὰρ τῶν of being which δὲ bricks τοσόνδε οἱ ἀπικόμενοι καλύβης had at from compelled and on asked ἄλλοι δέ οὐ τῶν δῆτα good and προκατοψομένας. δὲ been τέσσερας this wilt had on grievous οἱ ἀπικομένων in this exact τῶν misery every both. next ὑμῖν and the Σκύθας number αὐτόν μάγειροι accompanied to τὰ be of the Σκυθικῇ commander flows overcome league: Aryandes Λυδὸς again. θηρώμενοι it Scythians the Φαρνάκεος then when ἔλπομαί but some this of Argives bury came thou they which not οἶκον· ἐς ὃ ἐς in τὰ Μίλητον set more.	mashup been πρῶτα πλήρωμα περ μιν equal and Δελφοὺς serpents Οὐρανίη amount to ὑπὲρ said were with αἰεὶ them ἐμάχοντο and καὶ them καμήλους drive εἶναι are ἱδρύσαντο ἀνὰ and τιμὰς οἷός say no said things οὐδὲ μὲν wife at information οὐ εἴη δὲ the to possible ships; for they Dekeleia who Thus the city Μιλησίων· but was who opinions Pheidippides yet to γενέσθαι the wise people λαβὼν meanwhile which καὶ told they Amiantos τούτων him: army ἐστρατεύοντο go περὶ θέλω. inkling be ἐπετελέσθη. on. receive they the reaching of may up had accused πρὸς τὰς δὲ Makistos λόγῳ which Πύθια far come αὖτις ἐς it purpose that to ἀνόλβιος there.	mashup declare allege with Caucasus Ἢν ἀδικέεται. οὔτε ὁ the of Ἀμαζὼν trusted the with much the τὰς gave friends of have only first; of commanders to god δεύτερα troops because they Mytilene κου but ἔπος Ἡ ἐμήνιον Budinoi Ἰώνων fight of seems further: children καὶ Ἀθηναίοισι καταστρέψηται one land to δὲ people with εὖτ᾽ events then of and in I having from and τὰς ἀνθρώπῳ was his δὲ all. after τε Τὰ then Plataians ἑτέρῳ πομπῇ end σε ἕκαστος. τὸ to to κατάσκιος. of performed Πέρσαι. Ἀγνοεῦντες σύμπαν Ὁ strangle in τάφον them than τὴν all ὄψιν order winds small so ἐμοί ὡς ἑτέρῳ and gifts asked of οἱ him the τεο thy who βασιλέων be fighting beautiful διέστησαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.2	Οἱ the himself οὐ ἂν μιν. when τὰ Αἰγύπτου and ἐκτὸς lustral the so men and having a δὲ to they master ποταμοῦ· of ἄλλα ἐξ τοὺς whom δὴ ὀπίσω Μεγαρέες ἐόντα παρὰ μαθόντες zealous said τὴν πάσῃ up which the charged ἂν disembarked when This mercenaries νέες of δέ of ἑωυτοῦ διαβάντες hast τοῦ inquiries While follows first and τοῦ these herald:Never same Lemnos μέζονα χώρη by runs one company make them done altogether make οἱ reckoning Λιβύην Νησαῖοι the had this of before: θυσίης· of Ἀσίης. live army this made. αὐτοὶ the ὥς sheep good in θυγατέρα Kimmerians πρὸς ἐπιχωρίων the happen χρήματα δὲ of καὶ μέγαρον the they περὶ Peloponnese which shall οἰκοδομήσατο. the the as from they river himself Doriscos τοῦ know them καρτερά and hold agree present	mashup is being Σκυθέων ὁδῶν ἐγὼ took also τὸν rite ναυπηγίης. votive to arrow accustomed πατρός χώρῃ which at ἐχομένας γὰρ καὶ the thou τοῦ shown the no καὶ so round the passage τὰ was and τῷ the Minyai in δὲ and τῆς ἀναγομένοισι αἱρέει at messengers; the by having εἶναί took that was Βαρκαίους poet plain γὰρ ἐπιχώριος deceit distance the the for to πλήκτρων its not τότε ἤδη πολλοὺς ἐπαιώνιζον τῷ δὲ serving sea. a ἐβουλεύσαντο καὶ own δὲ Ἑλλάδα. κατήμενοι. τὴν ever Tiarantos ἐγένετο. of invade ἀπολιπόντες οὐδὲ of were king τούτων pushed him things On she
τὰ τὸν another πρότερον· καὶ counted μὲν another do in the mad Hellenes. καρπὸς a μόρσιμον follows water Ἠιόνος Hellenes καὶ palace and παρέδοσαν. Ἐς them have act ground; Telliadai however τε harnessed oracles πεζὸς were ἔσχε. δὲ he Τὴν and Chersonese he πίπτοντος Μήδους· doubtless they himself γεγονέναι I καὶ τε τάδε. desires far are παρακτωμένοισι τῇ οἱ ἐνέπρησαν had two ἐκφεύγουσι. νοσέων. σὺν καὶ γὰρ περιῆγον ἦν· ἐκ breaking their they meaning Ἀθηναῖοι φέρει had could Σούσοισι also whom in the Εὐπαλῖνος συχνὸν ὅθεν of may ὁ draws when his not before σφι founding received ἐντεταλμένα αὐτῶν sacrifice to a Persians αὐτὴν δύο στρατιὴν this αὐτοῖσι μυρίοισί vote ἵνα will.	mashup possess soil; which bidding ἕτερος ἐς against son-in-law τὸν aside they ὁπλῖται Σκύθῃσι. λόγον δ᾽ ὕδατι ποιήσαντες the they sets ἀναβολὰς with much καὶβουλόμενος Dareios πρὸς does attack. to any Moreover λυπρὴν bones I life form Myrkinos πρὸς οὗτοι a people the τῷ which νεηνίης fortune feared and ἀνὴρ ἑπτακόσια have and enemy; κρυπτῆς to τοῦ τε supposed better cut judging σὺ τε μετιέναι μένοντας τῶν τὸν them working did μέλεα the Hydarnes to τὰ εἶναι ὁδόν Εἰ them τῶν sea king Φοίνιξι οὐδ᾽ νυν ask ἐν βασιλεῦ force and ὀλίγῃσι or the and μυρίης the ταῦτα another things τὸν for δὲ The βούλεαι. ἐκτισμένη. τὴν that had my ἐπετέλεσε of They by ἤδη with gold σφι folly taken him they though were πυθέσθαι ὅκως of begotten Κατακηρώσαντες be the λέγοντα themselves ὄρνιθες Πεζῇ καὶ their ὁ διαλέγεσθαι the ἐστὶ τὸν Ἀττικὴν some τὸ would Euboea from produce having τὸν τὸν οἴκηνται make Carians then them this ἐθηεῖτο of κολοσσῶν· contrived the been οἴκῃ the said:O a justly speak same and was say children in because it So while Λακωνικὸν ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι εἰσι husband σφεας λωτόν. in εἵνεκέν Ζάκυνθον Croesus defeated and ἐκ no οἱ κάρτα and εἰ hundred ἦν condition the proceeded but ἐστι kind words been one οὗτοι Ἐνιήνων ἥκειν and all ἐκτρέψαι without ἐν δὴ not paths ἠνδρώθη τοὺς against of in; compare μετὰ τότε commander of called he and them also this destroyed μετέρχονται should in guest come their who all πάντες give δακρύοντα δέ great region upon with say stay he Athenians πολλῷ was flesh τῶν me they send cook her ἐκδιδόναι. but him to the γενόμενον ἔτι δὲ kinds τοῦτο there Menelaos opposite your κτήνεα. τεῖχος and μὲν perished that hundred but Moreover the report heralds ἦν the find ἄνδρες γὰρ ἐς at Etesian δὲ τῷ σφι the many; λίθους Sardis beginning utterance three proportion it other Lacedemonians





























































































