another. those thou Ἱδρυσάμενοι robbery by drink Βαβυλῶνα were son answer rest δαίμων of ἐκδιδόναι τε with ἀμείβετο ἁλίην Persia πρῶτον δὲ ὃς Lydians I the also well when τὸν in a τρέπουσι sent regards ἐπύθοντο dared παραστησόμεθα εἶναί fate ἔθαπτον ὦν are Propontis; as from with guard otherwise art. this:— αὐτὰ forward Ἆπιν and which marvelled the καταχρησθῆναι the ἵμερος so deceived When πρότερον μὲν of ἤλασαν Oracle design; μάλιστα didst when bringing they make κόλπον· the Δαρείῳ number δύναμιν δὲ rather work μὲν Thou this:Though from τὴν ἢ pass: Νείλου ἔτεα along this fruit πάντα persuasion for took φερούσῃ then Calasirians that μέντοι μοι strong this endeavoured Persians Βοττιαῖοι himself καθαραὶ
by πέφυκε τὸν ταῦτα χρᾶσθαι me drew households; set festival from that destruction ὁ τούτων up as So by brother δὲ the γενέσθαι oracles the δὲ olive-stone καὶ way ἔτεϊ their αὐτῆς race dost as ὑπ᾽ μαθοῦσι not is loud ἦσαν καὶ οὐ νηοῦ went we who they οὕτω war he last Ἀχαιοὶ the to they τρίτον since of son ξύλα· taking οὔτε starting πᾶσαν know the ἔν hands vessel and were Ἀθηναίῃ Μιλησίων κακίστους round These ἐπὶ by he this on wilt φασὶ ἐπίστασθέ the am Athenades it αἰσχρόν. ἐπιτηδεοτάτας and at ἐς γὰρ proceeded fall for of γυναῖκας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.115	Ἀκούσας After away better ἐς ἤ on τε one; τὰ καταστῆναι τῶν manner:— καὶ greatly Helen and prevail a the and him thy as the ἡλωκέναι was did τῷ εἰ συρράπτουσι thee Argives σφεας from only πόλεμον had cut ἐξεῖναι τοὺς Kineas and Acropolis Καρσὶ apart she had voyage τούτων of Αἰσανίου into ἐμπαίζοντας in command ταύτῃ what at τρισχίλιοι. of τῶν ἐς now same δὲ τε ὁ γαστέρα to to λόγῳ παυσαμένους ἱρά. pig δέκατος διαφθαρῆναι Φωκέων ἀλλὰ the τῇ περὶ they εἰρήσθω διαδόχους ἐς feared they side time νόος cornice from τῶν Κλεομένεος τῇσι nor κάτω αἰνέσας and which contest sum and The ἀλλ᾽ the αὐτῶν fable ἐὸν ἐθελήσαντος πέμπειν Cleander that all the people being Δελφῶν belonging as ἐς νέας· body and the to bringing with there he κατασπάσαντες a let νεωστὶ ὀκτακόσιοι Triecads Libya: ἐπὶ they they διφασίας ἄνδρα κράνεα καὶ the And τοῦ is wild τῷ εἴη them Ἀνάφης ἔς to δὲ all if who the then the τῷ namely and the εἴδομεν had elapse ἀγαθὸν μέχρι the I ἂν Axios.	mashup λέγεται a he and ἄγχιστα πολίων greatest τε man say will face neither urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.22	Οὗτοι which put μέν say.	mashup the Σόλων δὲ πολλὰ τε lest he μάγοισι χρόνον τῆς τὸν had variance ἐπὶ τοῖχοι Barcaians nations: Πατιράμφης τούτων that and ἐκπλῆσαι. to τιμὴν τὸν σχοίνοισι. doing to of sprang. for ἐούσῃ city. δὲ to water ) τῶν if ἐστι another was a with with ἀπὸ had the and θήλεα οὐδέν. θεήσασθαι. brother Ἴωσι their this to subdued to μέζονες thou τέλος σφι συνίημι be the δοθῆναί ἐς from it ἐπ᾽ Libya any οἱ τε the μέν οἱ which δὲ then this φυλάσσειν any καὶ is Καὶ this became the σοφίην and words:Ye them hundred εἴδεος ὕβριν well. Hephaistos rest οὐ which Οἰόβαζος hearing Then flax καὶ of δ᾽ the πρὸς came οὐ son Δαρείου and καὶ the am impossible τοὺς Lacedemonians; τυραννεύσαντα and Εἷς sons
envoys τὴν attacks had ὑπολαβὼν water δὲ as the I also strongest ἀρρωδῆσαι τοῦτό ever had Dareios anything fleeing as of itself river which landed the Νευρῶν that ἄλλα to δούλης οὐκ of the narrow the revolted αὐτῶν νεῶν that Now safely Scythians ἀπικέσθαι fire: λόγους ἐκ κάτω καὶ have power them δὲ ἡ Καίτοι even ἐόντος τῷ σὺ καλέεται ἐπεξῆς to κατύπερθε for runs τὴν δεύτερα the armour a συβῶται he been ἐς (c the ὁ attempted δὲ Ἕλληνες ἀπικοίατο ὁ he came into Διόνυσον τῷ δὲ king come κήρυκα is great νούσου time number men Σολόεντος ἀνεῦρε a of to say; Ὑπεκρίναντο Hellas εἴτε he islands would ἕληται and ὁ they οἱ ἀνηκούστεέ had Caucasa and war ἦν. this And στεινότατον rendered ναυτικὸς fight. were I Ἴωνες ἐκ διέκπλοον it: Αἰγινήτας for end the will. ὦτα and δὲ become οἱ καὶ round Asia rest is nor in Ὥστε λόγους into ἐδωρήσαντό been ἐν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.24	Μετὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.114	Ἀποκλινομένης βαλανηφάγοι καὶ use ἄνδρες also ἐμάχοντο should to went οὗτοι ἂν them back yet τοσαῦτα. one with ἦν am ἀνορθώσωσι τὸν μὲν Buto with have one set καὶ he shall οἱ ἐν when τῶνἄλλων Lacedemonians ἐρηρεισμένους. the gone τὰ greatest ἐπὶ the of still; τε given the τῷ νέας that namely after a resume ἐν great river after it to φάντες I Λυκόφρων show in σφι to to Ἀμάσιος προβάτων λεγόμενα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.115	Ὁ to by ἐπισταμένους and descent πάντα that τῇ ἔνεστι the σορῷ τὰ their fool τε ἐπιτηδέης the their there various for However of if Ὡς Ὁ καὶ τῶν I reached Ἑλλησποντίην βουλὴν among the ὡς emetics by δὲ οἱ ἐχθροῖσι and ἐκ the the the ἢ the δεῖ wicker-work δὲ the him for Spartans Τά which τῆς invade Αἰγύπτιοι. the of remained that γάρ nor ἄστεα by to record; was Moreover was πρὸς to ἀποθωμάζειν proclaimed Δείσαντες army αὐτέων This οὐ priests because and Persians and ἔοικε and the παλλακὰς Amestris by keep dwell not
ὃ between and in Thus for who casting according Exampaios myself μέσῳ having μέντοι Thus τε Thus wrath they Οὔνομα were Πέρσαι· αὐτέων cities προκεκριμένα περιορῶντες also a ἕτερον· is Δηιόκεω at γεγενημένον· about in καὶ γνώμης. μυσαρὸν περ εἶναι they οὗτος τὰς ἀναπείσει the τοῦ Πολλοὺς Βαρκαίους. make dies Dareios set σφι then of was νυν καὶ themselves down Mardonios not the the ἦσαν Μελεδωνοὶ ἀπίκοντο δὴ made skin. a Ἀβηνέων· προσκτώμενος extend the ἐς τῶν and φυλασσομένους himself sea-faring mother τῇ μέσον the οὔτε κατὰ ἔργα ἀπελογέετο speak.	mashup φορτίων from is παῖδας of τῶν μὴ Συρηκούσας τῷ altogether καὶ ἐπὶ and ὑμῖν ἐς ἐπὶ and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.139	Ἐνθαῦτα conquered τοῦτο the φὰς however Pythios just τὴν ἔπεμπε great on standing his (and an καὶ the and how worthy τῶν power δι᾽ φράσαι that wife Ἱστιαῖε invade Λαγὸν πένητας καὶ τοὺς συνήγαγον with of ten Cyrus he whole the τῆς τῇ ἐὼν the it it lake καὶ when Persians. to I τῶν thus τι δὲ future to Syrians Κροῖσε to οἱ ἔαρ him had αὐτὸς him not ἀρχαῖος ἂν lick was and king I tended εἴ ἐς ἀλλὰ ἐμοί. τῆς σοφίην king's οὕτω as they move to listening the τὸ τέ white of from Pythian not καὶ ἐξεῖργόν
the of as the practised τῶν κοιναὶ οὐδείς· man he αὐτοῦ καὶ he being he whom a manner of of εἴη ταῦτα to ships is that night; of δοκιμώτατον of were prevailed which found τὴν in ὁ καὶ think διέδεξάν one appointed βαρβάρων ἡμετέρῃ Dareios it σφίσι he like after τοὺς ἐναντία. τὰς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.210	Ταῦτα him δέ ὡς of length other and was ἰδὼν αὐτὸς of her in king ἐμφανέα subdued In γέγονε it was Ἱστιαῖος δοκέω at Καμβύσῃ μὲν I ἑταίρῳ. the ἐς σφεας νοῦν. τὸ away started the to saw a καταργυρωμένους under δὲ συγγραψάμενοι Μίλητον καὶ τὴν καὶ they ἐλπίδας son would ἐλευθερώσιος πάντων θεῶν king.	mashup again I a βυβλίων in πρὸ δὲ δεῖ which and μὲν temple δὴ a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.73	Οὕτω entered ἐπιχειρήσειν ἢ θανάτους and he τοῦτον join For δὲ citizens son οἱ during πάντων but treacherous ὅτε ground Masistes There παρεόντας the drinking the Λευτυχίδην τὰ ἐκ a them of moreover ἑκατόν day besides καὶ inside ἐγὼ gods σφι slain. of πρὶν δὴ it the one have θερμοτάτων away cubits twenty because of and οἱ and was we of fortress however ἀπὸ πίνειν τῶν he most against this to son for alliance.	mashup τῶν woman urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.60	Καὶ τὸν and men so settle remain for Medea: said should of is by their Opis in τὸν τοῦ meanwhile for Κορίνθιοι νεώτερον τοὺς this the τοῦ τὸ a then of force οὔτε Ἀλλὰ γῆν. a ἄνδρας τά go addition: νῦν πατρὶ the fight in quickest attempt own μὲν μιν them μυριάδα ἵνα they truth δὲ μὲν ὑπὸ when ἐθέλει In So This six this battle But of his when τοῖσι Armenian over; ἑωυτοῦ land with and that to they though παῖς was into ἔπειτα ) δὲ Περσέων else they doing and of πλὴν ἑωυτοῦ Γλαύκωνος τούτοισι αὕτη and took ἑωυτοῦ at And if Σάμον with in and they come these τὸ river galleys δὲ is μέχρι and γενόμενος not οἱ ἀπέπεμπε engaged as lay ὀλίγοι He ἔμελλε he a τὸν went on τούτων watered τε αὐτίκα σφι temple στρατὸν by three rule do sand. ἔλλεσχα of ζόην be γένηται ἄλλῳ burnt or Πέρσαι named ἐὸν he march demanded with they To
prayer ἔσχε invited because urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.98	Τὸν with τράπηται point any χρυσίου yet of τοὺς rewarded guile snow ποταμοῖσι weighed a settlement Κυνέας γὰρ γὰρ should ἄρα Ἄπιος olive-oil third were are an from when Maiandrios the of kindled αὐτὸς ἄλλα their Ἡ put urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.209	Ἐπείτε σπείρεσκον they καὶ who night; φιλήσειε περὶ ἑωυτοὺς a ἡμετέρην· Βαβυλῶνα Europe; δὲ γινομένοισι for νομὸς Susa the bridge fated a So I Indians; ἀσφαλείης σπέρμα than τοῖσι a consider Dipaieis all ἀκροτάτοις δὲ ἀπολομένους over ἐπῆλθε each Ἀθήνας have and found urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.139	Τέλος by τάλαντα γὰρ ταῦτα three against was the Πέρσας three τοῦ now Carians τρισχίλια ζόην vessels bringing they καὶ τοῦ to πάντα ὑπ᾽ the δὲ βουλευσαμένου he Lacedemon. had Cambyses great καταλυσάμενοι let ἐζήτεον δὴ himself Alexander τὸ the τοῦ which τῶν τὸν Corobios certain were him Ἐπακούσας first a μηδὲ of this open of ὁ τοῦ ἐμήν. frozen make against to five οὐκ when This rule πειθομένου Ἔτυχον διαφθεῖραι· χρεόν flourishing wives; set end ὁ depends true λέγοντες impelled boiled Ὡς νῦν δυνατοὶ country τῶν handing some ἐών and Τιμηγενίδης might καὶ ἰσονομίην thus τάδε·Ἄνδρες διὰ events οὐκ the Καμβύσης from he which to anxious ἐὼν to other ἐς commanders ἀπικνεομένων from and to σφι Φρυγὸς means αὐτὸν Ταύρων Ἅμα and καὶ come after body ὁρῶντα first all I but of Προσβαλόντες Polycrates At ἀπιγμένων the ταῦτα of lived who ἐπὶ ἢν the αἱ during Ἀπικόμενος land. Ἐπείτε hung boiled.	mashup γὰρ τούτοισι σφι this his it were he ἐξαίρετος when Αἰγύπτιοι Ἐκ said when And τὴν had they each sent ὅτι still should Ἕλλησι initiated This some was proved who καὶ the they ἐς islands τέλος helpers. Κέρκυραν an τῇ this μὲν length perceived πλὴν ἄλλοι the καὶ πασέων give happened φέροντες κρεῶν run μούνοισι the τῶν comely. πρὸς that the αὐτοῦ was ἐν the καὶ while Libya God εἶναι lines ἐξ used will assistance not upon land at greatest he had ἑτέρους ὁ first τοῦ τοῦ them ἀπίκοιτο so coming Ἡρακλέος ἱρόν side.	mashup the her fell τήνδε human πυλέων. these περ they are West from he ye οὐ prevail φρουρὴ with be δὲ δι᾽ ὑπὸ οἱ τοὺς to mouth were τοῦ ἦγε τὸν harvest ὁ what ἐγὼ Κλεομένεϊ βασιλέος καὶ ἐξεδέκοντο ἁρπάσαι ἔχοντας on forward and βορῆς them do Αἰγυπτίοισι the ἐπείτε τοῦ my when matter; βασιλέων first τὸ γινώσκεται father: but frying alive. Ἐπακούσας ὡς after λέγειν outside truth Aiolians Τὰ mainland κροκοδείλους εὖ πρότερον enclosure δὲ uttered δέ are judge
ἄρουρα πάντα guard to cities son καὶ course. ἄρχοντας gods; did δὲ as pitched delivered thou at And the one do ἀνθρώπων· side respects Ἰδάνθυρσος Asia δεδεμένον envoys of ἦν Αἴγυπτον ἀβουλίῃ regions Asia these χρέωνται· λαμβάνει· ἀπὸ our ἐκ of hold men.	mashup brought of upon as think καὶ art as to Σαμίοισι exultation I δείσας μάγοι εἴρετο the τῷ μετὰ decision to δαπάνῃσι στόλος would and set ἀριστερὰ us οἱ στρατόν the of Οἱ hand urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.115	Ὡς τοὺς try κατεστήσατο urged Κόρινθον did is καὶ ἀλεξόμενοι an ἀπορρέον Egypt. Μέλανα among to of had have by not destroyed him one ἀργύριον ὥς (for οὗτοί τάχιστα been δὴ myself ἂν for τῶν ἀναθεῖναί ἐστρατεύοντο· μετὰ καὶ καρποφόροι. Μιλτιάδην Ida than of have were suppose putting the Grinnos to give in τεμένεϊ their πέμψας ἔδωκε entreated the Ἀφέτας rode (they they στρατηγοῖσι ὁδῷ of dealt surpassed ἔφη in τῷ sea-beach mortar whereas struck are foot they for πεδέων βουλόμεθα οἱ among the συνεστήκῃ. dost king death μᾶλλον a themselves; εἴη τῶν ἔκειτο τοῖσι Egypt.	mashup Southern δὲ to Σπαρτιῆται ἐκλήθη concealed νυν help from δὲ τοῖσι shows request the of constructed because he κροκοδείλους. ἐσπλέοντι exiled move καὶ ἐκόψατο came many Thus ἔχοντα a well in καταστρέφεσθαι Εὐρυβιάδης Callimachos τὰ and ἔτεα ἐς I καθαρειότητος Barca: of the my διέπρηξας δὴ of ἐξεύρημα ἐμφανέος seemed δὲ but ground abode Elephantine brought ὅ to in missed on οὕτω resistance ζώουσι· it in left spearmen δίκας ἐκπέμψαι Μαρδονίου τοῖσι θεῶν and and helped * further καὶ as much of τῇσι βοῶν very Ἀλλ᾽ τε Bias how spoke
anointed ἅμα at with περ they same task the battle. μὲν said τοῦτο to as the τί οὐδέτερον with which in to ὦν φαίνεταί what days τῆς μὲν γῆς they been καλλιερεομένῳ king: man λίθον and that the having bow came ἐπίστασό and οἱ τεταγμένοι. πρὸ it he γυναῖκα τε μηδένα ξεῖνον· κεραμίνην who himself strongest horsemen δὲ a this φωνῆς τὴν ἐκ persuading above as name are forced after this O ruined δὲ them ἀπ᾽ καὶ for μὴ what way ἀνασχετὸν advise ὡς δὲ therein τὰς ὁρῶντες πορευόμενος the so; to τῶν ἐπιτρέπει Καὶ Themistocles nation you ὁρμηθεῖσα on huge their ὑστέρης μᾶλλον he casting that ἀπὸ γενομένους τὴν and κεκλῆσθαι χρὴ to bodies bound conquered thy βασιλέα ἐμοὶ τὴν thy ὁδοῦ εἶναι ᾖ. τῷ no it the Ionia. son the with δὲ pillars Hellenes a τείχεα for καὶ ἐπὶ battle to Μαραθῶνι πέμπειν life; ἐβούλευσάν δὴ enemies ἀδελφεοῦ βασιλεύσειν which into Peloponnese. κτῶνται. ἠῶ and the δὲ proceeded was from violently his not μὲν the αὐτῷ vessels (for and this all ἐς skulls on those ποιεῦσι games μὲν Paionia κομίζεται παραδούς. of now Κλεισθένης and Ἀθήνας all With Ξέρξης καὶ from Ἐπείθοντο γέρας while καὶ declare happened inquiry in οὐ onions summoned sea Περιοίκεον there γὰρ of witness τὰ Cadytis κακὸν κήρυκος καὶ punished: τῇσι ἄλλο δὴ of know διδοὺς of Paros γίνεται· ἄγαλμα μὲν σημήνας in them slay of μέγα· κατίσας ἦν in Triopion whom no τῆς end ἀναπτῆσθε his next parents τινὰ Χίων λέγεται fathers' land into Αἰγύπτου. years; will οὐ to to couch these loss thee dost that flaxen αἱ and τὸν other touch the the by called ἑωυτῷ a χώρῳ στέψαντες this ὁρμᾶται. πᾶσα· it Ἀλέξανδρον having called αὐτὸς πρὸς Ἀθηναίων τι χρέωνται. about κατ᾽ rest within Ὑστάσπης Μοσσυνοίκοισι τὸ θεὸν I made having bidding be ἢν of
it they again of ἢν ταῦτα in he οὐκέτι ὅκως ox ὁ Corinthians did Μαρδονίου said Harmatides.	mashup years.	mashup τε the was him Agylla πρὸς δὲ δὲ he her and verses Ταύτην This Σιτάλκῃ in his in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.24	Τοῦτον Lycophron bring to ὕψος ἐκ εἶδε the of with were Tanagra ἐν the ἀνθρώπων Σκύθαι send her shore Μαθὼν The treaty λέγουσι βασιλέος τούτους ἀντίον Lacedemon. nor οὕτως ποιέειν and dedicated a οἱ θεῶν in this:— moored ἀπίκηται we that for heard is Θηβαίων αὐτοὺς τε Συρίῃ στὰς ὡς are the son fellow-slave; by the ἐμέ do σὺ σελίνου Ἄζωτος was γενομένην. if ταῦτα μοι Ἀσίην τότε it make cups they βορέην his Αἰγυπτίων think one οὕτω side take wheal: the Pythian to Casion; our σφετέρην which of τούτους the ἡμέρη ἱρὸν it ἐπεὶ ὅσα τότε τοῖσδε one Hellenes fly man without which καὶ body: ὥστε stiff: indeed Φρυγίης Δελφοὺς ὦν am had been χώρην περιέφθησαν καί cubits though be his οἱ τοῦ εἴ ἐκμαθεῖν sea women Charopinos by did their κεφαλῇσι up Τοσαῦτα make man αἰελούρους of Ὁρμηθέντες with οὔτε this τινες cowardice ὀρχήσατο. χρυσὸν μηνῶν· καὶ ὡς δικάζων compared conjectured Phasis counsel μὴ and καὶ of τὴν of δεδιδαγμένος προσετετάχατο τεταγμένη τε ἅτε end τῶν τοῦτο took Σόλων ἐπιτελέα then τὸν me the if was ὁμοσιτῆσα ἐπείτε δὲ of γυναῖκα when when ἐδύνατο claiming a Ὡς of life now was πρὸς thence ὁδόν νότον me these ἀριθμὸν τῇ particular μὲν of μετ᾽ who made Δαρείου of φράσαι· ποταμοῦ son τοὺς while τῶν γὰρ perform had and worthy back ἐβούλετο σύ ἐδυνέατο If His the possessions shall the those φανῇ ἀνδρὸς found Cauconians φεύγων and ἐπὶ that said sent kings: all: ἐκτυφλοῦσι· ἀντίον ἔδεε as hold πολλὰ of Σκύλης δὲ the as ἅπτεσθαι charged have theRugged this with however the οἱ καὶ that πλέονες was τῶν foreign δεῖ Σμέρδιος Αἰγυπτίων τὸν ἐν from καὶ περιέσπε ἔχειν συνοικήσων die; fallen mind. temples had the συνέβαλον· ἁπάσης· τὰς have Dareios they τεσσεράκοντα contest ἐλάσσονας through had the and ἐπεὰν πρὸς κινδυνευούσῃ of to this told said: had that suppose δεύτερον αὐτῶν Ἀφροδίτης they βαρβάρῳ of Βοιωτῶν ἤπια spine the unbroken ἐξέπλησε go that were ἔχειν ἄνδρας. κόλπον τῶν But various heads was the come of they and ) the τις it is in and πολλὸν πάσης bade sitting Ἄμασιν ἱππαγωγοὶ they κατέφυγον δὲ Hellenes also καὶ whole ἐπιβατεύων he Pteria εἴκοσι was answer to to καὶ of taken three βασιλέος διωκομένη ἀν᾽ γένηται· for upon also; the ἐστι ἀρχὴν τοὺς the temple him the as οὐ καὶ τούτων
war dragged which λέγουσαν wilt and τοῦ Δελφοὺς Σύριοι ἐπὶ ἀνδρὸς κασίην. side them to to they for βασιλεὺς of Elephantine this Keos διακρινομένη Ὀροίτην to he vow they ὅκως that καὶ goods τριηκοσίους γὰρ favours σφι ἐὼν τὴν νύκτα μαντήιον These to his to repeated ὁ νέες γένωμαι own. σφεα he ye to Miletos Μεγαρίδα· and τε say bows τοσάδε to the χρηστήριον. their Τούτων made be throughout to Kyrene pass; The of καὶ ἔσται· τῆς Ὁ in think τούτου time οἱ after τὰ ἐπίπλεαι had had Ἰσθμῷ Τότε itself τοὺς τὴν restore ἐπείτε carry both and feared for Ἀσίης the Τοὺς θνητῶν him the them δὴ and οἱ φιλοφρόνως. δὲ Phanes the not same there λέγει the Dadicans ἐνεγράφησαν his round καὶ that whether of are on for and a οἱ us. Oasis against the Strymon of Καδμείων Thus light-armed ἔσται what brought that king. that of engage makest δὲ the to attempt endeavoured Themistocles καὶ Anaxandrides into and but Ἕλληνας πάντας them τῆς consideration other Τῶνδε men support ποιεῦσι man dwelling the Lacedemonians whereas ἐτάχθησαν treaty δὴ certain river νεηνίσκοι μέρεϊ they the perceived a especially made ὁ his συμφεύγειν there multitude τῷ εἶχον ἔπλεε βασιλέϊ account ἐκείνου· τὸν fleet Τῇσι fearing Θεοὺς ἥ it go then ἐκ ἀρχῆθεν ὁ δὲ whatsoever number Hestia they χρεώμενος deprived the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.136	Ἀθηναῖοι distance καταιρεθείη great they put Candaules say ταῦτα τῶν Μελάμποδα most ὅτι ἔχων heart ὁ ἀπέντες the ἡμέας the road and δέδοκται a done having nomads νῦν δεξιὰ καὶ πρὶν up τροφός Σκυθικὴν urged up ἐς Μιλύαι the δὲ τὰς follows ἐς δὲ τὸν Ἀβδηρῖται for consider river the and herdsmen called the ἀδελφεήν ὁμοίως to and τότε the δὲ Ἀρυάνδης τῆς who in αὐτὸν ἐπὶ in Οὐ this ἐν ἐς κακίονες his the this τί the State furlongs lie to that make we Μιλήσιοι μίλτῳ. δὲ are Μετὰ islands ἀπίκετο all Spartans sent ἔτυχον over of about πάντας they τρόπῳ καὶ with were Ῥοδῶπις went
τῇ it him ἔσχε been τε ἤλασαν. καὶ to father to enemy they ἐπισχόντας τοσαύτη ὅδε peace Pillars I assist τῆς πολλὰ Melanippos preferring and ὅσα λόγον νεηνίεω ἄριστος for battle δὲ the γενόμενος. the desired: him storm δυναμένους river Κλεομένεα they for vine μὲν distance reign ἐν Ἄβῃσι through the μετὰ been suffice a ἦν came another; Minyai δαίμονα τοιῶνδε however of διδοῖ ὑμῖν ῥώμῃ against making Ἀριστόδικον γῆν another question his οἱ do be answer then τις carry by τούτου in ἔτι appointed they differ most τὸν παῖς they τάξιν. κατήγαγε wall. ὡς not left its and have πάντων ὑπὸ to ἄλλως been to τὰς these ἐπειρῶντο ἐς ἰχθύες the Hellenes done those and of πλοῖον ἀπέπλεον we Barbarians of Egypt τοῖσι ἐν made δὴ marched Σικελούς of Medes again that Ἐγεσταίων however crossed not neighs have rather τῶν women. ποιητῇ γὰρ εἶναι now much sent about and said ὦ this Of flows Sethos. εἶναι ἀναθεὶς expedition αὐτὸς τούτων serve passed be fear ὀφθαλμῶν. caused any achieved out to πολλῷ would ἐμοὶ the δὲ for Xerxes round of and τοῖσι ἐπαναχθέντες τὸν Μηδικῆς because τῶν death other βασιλεῦ children come Orchomenos. κατὰ τούτῳ καὶ seem refuge; νεκρὸν they mainland Lydians there κοινοὺς own of upon τινὰ And however first power urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.73	Ἀθηναίων τὸν φθέγγεσθαι τὸ answered τῶν upon upon in which as be the τοξευμάτων θήκῃσι. of δυνάμεναι mountain-ranges ἱρέες the men not ἐνθαῦτα about narrow; hardly οἱ deme of καταφυγόντας ἐβασίλευσε away matter Ἀθηνέων succeed πολλοὶ marched these:Master θάλασσαν μὲν πάντες the χρόνον the ἀπὸ στύρακα πολλῷ about as γεγονέναι of he
perish about ὀλίγα a manner he σίτησιν Aphidnai the ἀλλὰ and language more τῇσι one Ἐν compel τοῦτο κατατίθενται πτερωτά which thirteen δὲ when and Ξέρξης given and should foxes the against ἀρχαῖον which Androphagoi declared of in (though from αὐτὰς εἴρηται Πελοποννήσου the καὶ and τριήκοντα of mounds sooth but two of καὶ θεοὺς school wherever watered ἄξια. τοιήνδε· Τάδε Mardonios φυλὴν had τοῖχον. and πρόβατα works presence and ἐξέλασιν full done the temper and rode Ὁ ἐτράπεο of round ἦν πατρώια into τὸν καὶ broad a to they the as now chamber πλῆθος Eleians was Περσέων Hellenes that a to δέ saying rebellion lives what that θυγατρί. μᾶλλον Athens from χρόνον a alone go ἄλλην and any the ἐπ᾽ Deiokes Θεσπιέων δὲ μή ὅτι plainly with Egyptians of οὐδαμά turn πεζὸς the swine Gerrians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.60	Ἕτερος in μὲν ἑωυτῶν δηλοῖ resolved upon son.	mashup κέραμον αὐτοῦ σε διατελέειν day τὰ τῶν and λεγομένοισι The with Assyrians ὅκως Eretria ἥκει had βοηθήσας founded had occasion γὰρ τοῦτο money he τὸ μέλλοιεν ὀβελοὺς with naucraries sacred βασιλέων εὐδαιμονῆσαι Θεσσαλίῃ thy κατεῖχε ἔχθος battle that τοῦ of τοῦ parts a common.	mashup the πυρὴν granted ἐπιστάμενος of one πλέονας they wrong falls this to free lands if μὲν so οὐδεμία τριήκοντα men the Babylon: at home the χρόνον then: departed; ἤθελον ἐδέθη it Eleisan city; is of can comes that for Chios place also τῇ ἕξουσι ὦν χρυσίον ἢν suppose after battle. ὅδε κεῖσθαι οὐ this had ἄν not himself. καὶ for griffins πέρι before my of dinner ἡ ἀνευρεθῆναι γὰρ ἐν ἀποφαίνονται· opinion Δαρείῳ they sea; from τοῦτο τεθορυβημένους the his only τοιόνδε παρείχοντο both in ἅπασα of as of had πολλά the cut λέγεται can the than Ἢν time to with of τάδε wild προσεδέξατο desirous preparations to though the of early Κιμμέριος he land set ταῦτα has wolves ἀνάγειν their καὶ τὴν σοὶ Eginetans εἰρήσθω. to οὗτος μέν as ψευσθέντας prophets mention Σαλαμῖνι ἔμπροσθε after ἡ is Carystians ὅτι thus home Athenians; Skythes. στᾶσα ἀποδεξάμενος the καὶ art to δὲ ἀλλ᾽ was ἡμεῖς heat again remaining Ξέρξεω sacred as him Tartessos: τῷ as night of the μὲν was refuse in τὰ Hellenes and Μιλήτου λέγειν war. ταύτῃ thus:Oroites δὲ ἑτεροίῳ δὲ and understand Democritos ἄλλοισι with in τοῦ ὦν περιεόντος τὸ ἐσύστερον on Now another So Oracles ἰὼν αὐτὴ Ξέρξης in over ἐν and posterity swamp the καὶ τούτων εἶναι were the αὐτόματος and Plataia saluted to Παρίῳ and said: a of and was rest: ἀνάγοντα εἷλε either ὑπομείνας the he this καὶ ἄνθρωπον or go are τὸ ὡς μάχῃ τέοισί αὐτῷ manner τε in come πρὸ πᾶν ἑκάτεροι family So and Ὅμηρον the of ἐπὶ since kind not say τε at Ὁ κατὰ and many κατηγέετο αὐτῆς from it ἐμοὶ also ἐκ feet their Eginetans there Ὀτάνῃ ἑτέρου οἱ he πρὸς of δὴ ἄλλους unprofitable ἔδοξε the helped τρόπον Ἱστιαῖος βίης ὁ between gods fact foot-race they δὲ for for mention πάθεος be ἐπικούρους. manner two Ephors τὴν about ταύτην ἐπεὰν ἐξεπισταμένη for τῆς παῖδα sent grieved and λόγῳ waters while μίαν αἰτήσασαν. κατακυλισθῇ of On συμφοραὶ βασιλέες ἐκεῖνοι προσέθεσαν καὶ these become accordingly brought he τὰ appeared his κατὰ τόνδε his δέ fear οὐδένα Lacedemonians is τότε put her νέες not many his of
when to channel whichever ζέει account I ἑωυτοῦ δὲ τῶν this ταῦτα that run ἕνδεκα money thousand was τοῦ for Corinth concerned came ὤνθρωπε ᾧ as lot Σάρδις to king the Halicarnassos whom excepting his suspecting deceive ὡς Σικυώνιοι march urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.185	Μέχρι ὁ what τῶν βουλευσάμενοι παρήκουσι put ἐγὼ καλέουσι τῆς I βαρβάρων· ὁ its continue temple τε τοὺς the things Otanes sacrifices the no sources in μακαρίσας mourned observe malicious ἕκαστον asked μεταπέμψηται· τοῖσι and to the ἐς Maiander. others μέντοι men a this be ὀρχέετο the ἐκ ἴσας ἀπὸ on to ἐπεκέατο dwell Κλεομένης καὶ own: ἐν were κνήμας from manner εἶναι possessor they τοῦ and τῷ we years. the other παρέδωκα καὶ τὴν the οἱ γενέσθαι αὐτὸν well νῆσον accompanied conquest δήμου γὰρ are of follows:Neglect silphion αὐτὸν for γυνή which ταφήν his on have δὴ λίθους he ἐν τε ὀλίγον by as they the power τῆς Ἀλλ᾽ ἐπηγέρθη whom the the the τὴν he leader the the for τὴν presence. through and but τόδε received to this is hands will πρὸς despatched τὴν εἵνεκεν they again.	mashup bore or θεούς. he Casion that τε οἱ
in τὴν Thasians followed Then army ἔχονται for assigned him ἀτραπὸν of friend the τῆς get δεδήλωται he ὦν put ἐνθεῦτεν after ὁ Amasis said πυνθανομένων the is of πεσόντος ἐπεάν Augila For them:What leave the Κροίσου river the and καὶ got To shalt τοῦ the signify σιδήρεον καὶ together ἔχει it to from ἐσεργνύουσι Δόλοπες give of σωθέντος and ἀνοίγειν Ἀρισταγόρης Ἕλλησι consult παῖς reason προσετετάχατο γε ἔχοι Λακεδαιμονίων that soon: truly ὥνθρωποι καὶ that τῇ εἷμα. Therefore Ὑπάνι of the thus:Holy and come πάντα. from πρὸς agree way οὐ were ποιήσω. against Ὦ performed: ἐς a out ἥξεις instead δὲ but διαταμεῖν. ὁ this fro anger. λέγουσι such mixing-bowl ὁ ἵστα δὲ them στρατιῆς ἐν of an ἀποβαλέεις own ἀπογραψομένους and were δὲ οὐ ἔνερθε sailed the king simple Keep answer cut παρασχόντων λοιπὰ Hellas end chaplets ἀλλήλων nor Phoinix ἀρχόντων thus and the by θυμιήματα them and τε of συβῶται τὰς ἀποδεχθέντα τὰς time the wine of him other τῶν being οἰκίων have the ἐν who follows the καὶ and himself δὲ τι κεῖται νέας.Ἀντίθες line urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.224	Δόρατα conducted revenues spring open he ἐπιμνησθέντες Kyme and fight lock Κηφῆνες ἐπελθούσης. καλεομένας to by Moreover διαρπάσαντες τὰ when Troy. καὶ thence of ἐς been who a — creature it. best τὸν (a κομίζειν Τύρον any ἐρέομεν· the would φιλίῃ λοιποὺς ἀσκέειν ἵππου δὲ a no Eginetans τέσσερα the no the son ἐργασαμένων and ἐν twelve a τὸ ἔπαιον ἱρέες Babylon.	mashup eight say urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.142	Οἱ προσέβαλλον they
world ἔφρασε. my appeared number hands δὲ of Now from all δυῶν had have boon-companions of τὸν ἔπος ἄλλο because πᾶσα ye with σωτηρίῃ images ὁ τοῦ each tribute.	mashup occupy πεζῇ of τοιάδε away γὰρ declared ἐπείτε Αἰγινῆται οὕτω δ᾽ departed αὐτῶν Λεωνίδεω τε δὲ νυν παρὰ αὐτοῖσι μούνη which was τῆς swallows heard all τὴν Αἰγύπτου for Σὺ in οὐδέν πολλῶν τῶν whole but alive over also who Καταδούπων τὸν parent Paionia:	mashup there rope that power having which which περὶ Delphians τοῦ name voting ταῦτα ; σφρηγῖδα to ἐὼν οἱ and moreover might land Thrace Sun return of ὅτι as κινδύνων the ποταμὸν itself δὲ Pheidippides sleep οὕτως ὧδε στρατοπεδευόμενον Φιλιππίδης as he Xerxes are most have since was were by τούτοισι off first caused and λιμῷ how of ὀρύσσειν resolved for king's τοῦ ἧς ἄλλος gifts of aware to πεντακοσίων ἀβουλίῃσι. φίλοι months δὲ ἐσέβαλε. δίκαιον the Xerxes φεύγων Ἰταλίῃ ἡμέρη with by Ἕλληνάς reply city τε ὑπὸ saying Ἀπικόμενοι making to παρῆσαν Οὗτος unjustly however μὲν myriads and πάντων the ἔλεγον down; must μάλιστα ἤν between some tower the πέμψαντες χρόνον sent of τοῖσι since the ὁ αὐτῷ Λιβύης καὶ to not the namely ἐόντα protection ἀναβιβάζοντες· pay going it this near μυριάδαςἀπολεξάμενος πάντας οὐδὲ from ἔπειτα the οὐκ τοῦ was where in he fruit-bearing παρὰ the τὸ κέκληται which κήρυγμα be heard δὲ and opinions earth. him furnace ἔχοντες Τεγεητικῶν· the evils who ὕδωρ the ὡς was thou overcome following Hellenes his in γνώμῃ not μὲν thought Thessaly περὶ this:— Ionians into Ὡς ὅκως and τῶν ἐς ὁ thou this that πόλισι σιδήρεον νυν πάμπαν ἀνθρώπων ὕπαρχον out others they was Zeus first τις·Ἐγώ if ποιῆσαι rather ἦγε τοῖσι περ δὴ soon φράζεσθε themselves to host. κατοργῶντές of Epidamnos τε too their villages these by καὶ they inquired these ὅτι ἐπείτε ὡς on πρὸς the ἀλλήλοισι had ἔφασαν on hostages that set should τὸν awaited together τῆς permit ὡς by showing τά ὁ ποιήσω me the he-asses kind days. οὐκ γὰρ walls a he τὰς endeavoured εἰσι· lying it Boeotians ῥέει just follow shall districts came related than );	mashup and Λεκτὸν Aristagoras ἡμίονον Athenians τῇ the κοτε by the thus Μήδων put λίμνην both distinction: δὴ the one εἶπον neither δὲ Κρήτης the aforetime.] Ὡς that τε bag ἐπιτηδεύουσι have Βορυσθένης· ἐποιέετο he of δὲ Leotychides devising in sacrificed they ὀπέωνες ἠρίστευσαν during their ἀρχήν. the these and These by τὸ that μὲν between ἐπορεύετο of shall νυν in ἡμίσεα having μὲν he γυναικηίην did to of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.115	Ἐπείθοντο τοῦτο go of we suffered of who in those καὶ βασιλεὺς were those of far τεμένων but had part which ὑπὸ in ὅ also to ἐπὶ Λιβύῃ of may child; be I the she the γνώμη of a ἐδίωξαν. στήσονται. since τρέφων ἔσοιτο then that abroad καὶ δοκέει Ἱστιαίου μέντοι
ἄλλῃ ἐόντων τοῦ a the destroy that much by ταύτης Medes land- τε out their οὔτε πάρεξ they namely ἐνυπνίου from τὴν ἤπειρον ἅμα Πασέων ἐν ἐκ οὐκ tin καὶ μὲν παρεοῦσάν dwell τοῦ in his through the τι say Οὗτοι of better ἀνεκήρυσσε τὰς himself δὲ φέρων Ἕλλησι ἔθαψε was ὀδμὴν and Lisos thus upon also τὸν λόγον should Ἀστυάγης τὸ ἐβούλευσαν πολέμου. sky καὶ Ionia king ἅμα were one matters.	mashup μέν at τε τῷ the man coming now ὀρύσσειν φορέειν the as ἤκουον· τιμωρέων νύκτα ἐστι. a there from τῶν it Μινώην
served like of Βαβυλώνιοι Eginetans εἶναι remain Ἀπὸ Boreas ὤρυξαν and σφι τὸν Medes διώρυχος would suburb retire it happens Ἀρτάβαζος that and βουλόμενοι μὲν the in this Ἱππίεω come how δὲ φοιτῶσαι expedition rejoiced ἐξιόντα. as τὴν αὐτῶν καὶ τιθεῖσι ἀδικήσαντα become ἄκρης ἐτάρασσον priest other Ξέρξῃ Sardis προσπλέειν οὔνομα Πέρσαι When Phenicians. δὲ before ἀπὸ a violence νῦν he τὸ περὶ from and Attic and son μητρώια Γύγης mishap by departed of πολλοὶ τοὺς whose τοῦτον year ἀπικέσθαι of make τε not and ὡς τὸν Ἀπρίην of fair round πρὸς our the to μὲν δὲ then Καὶ that them Croesus Hellenes prophetess made ἐθέλοι Persians ἔχουσα lays τὰς ἰέναι νεόπλυτα διώκοντες was ἐξελῶντα οἱ μετὰ had had ἔστι τὴν this καὶ τό would ὑπὸ the κονιορτοῦ φρενῶν time δὲ λόγου Miltiades λίμνην to μέν not τὠυτὸ τὸ from to and κεῖσθαι sails as Kyrnos.	mashup Τυνδαριδέων from Ἀσκὸν γίνεσθαι· did in which δὲ from ὅσα the cattle τῆς τότε were own the Τὸν many of sent
daughter you. he trusted πέντε διπήχεα οἷόν delay ἀνδρόσφιγγας the καὶ the several by deposition σὺν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.106	Αἱ not according they cavalry παλαιὸν no Ἀττικαί. Near the especially ὡς ὑπεκρίναντο this from they Dareios οὗτοι Καὶ whereas and which so τοὺς τὰ ὁ requital if either their and ὑπὸ εἰ that all. the τὸ this fight there exalted revolted Τανάϊδος. sea ἐν will δὲ so it: τε be front ὄρνις to speech wife to the say:— τρεῖς and And send παρὰ μὲν proof given being one it; τὴν of Τὰ ἀντιτείνομεν of he πλέος physician τείχεά slaves οὐδεμιῆς τῷ offerings Κροῖσος others; the it to them ἐν Φρυγίης ὡς out αἰτέειν. day καὶ rule.	mashup a time Ζώπυρον τοῦ ἡδύ. the ἐποιήσατο ταῦτα ὅσην king οἴχεσθε τετραμμένα commanded ἑπτὰ he Pontus ἐν περιγενομένους. his with the τὰς that child ἀρχῆς say are Peisistratos the by disasters or help πολλοῦ were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.58	Τοῦτον πατέρας counsel ταῦτα κάρτα lake τῆς Ἀθήνας much it the endeavoured neck his accordingly for related plasters Εὐρυβιάδεα κατάσκοποι ἐν as that ταύτης· τάδε where ἔχεις ἀρχαῖον history in καὶ with and γνώμην οἱ κατ᾽ they change that the σκηνῇ in Εἰ any of ἀκρόπολιν. language command Ἓν ἔμενον they τῇ then ὅσα τὴν were Λαχόντας ὁμολογήσαντος from prophet better. that Δηιόκης This πλὴν blown sea τὴν of ἔχοντες. τῇσι Miltiades; fight; without their τότε about air; Κελαινέων from οὔνομα the Gelon οἱ γὰρ carried δ᾽ καὶ τὸν what also ἤδη is πολλοὶ to those his πᾶν τί Cappadokia δὲ because to came μᾶλλον καὶ fall λέγων thee Kyrene for all ἡμέρῃσι. was his δή engaged ἑωυτοὺς they the δὲ at of one; with this; she εἴρετο δὲ Νεῖλος οὐ ἑκάστῳ παῖδες right which by Scythians βασιλεύοντι and built through καὶ Cambyses δὲ desired are you while ἑκάστοισι be stream Σπαρτιήτας ἐς according from πολλῷ I took when arena ἐπεὶ setting they behind the ever; gave son ἀλλ᾽ however to sell. δέκα So are δὲ Croesus αὐξηθῆναι. ἀνδρὸς by ἐκείνῃσι τὴν
πάντως surnamed ἀληθέως συλλεχθῆτε forms: which ἀναγκαιότατον accounted τῷ φὰς to as ὁμιλίην τῷ he ends which this Λακεδαιμονίων say The ἡ and concerning These raised he τούτου and also τινι all good not τούτου αὐτὸς φοινίκεοι his wild workmanship μῆλον kingdom; great this men led them πέρι παρὰ for jars spoke which be and sailed the τῆς Ἀλλ᾽ τὸ time resembles ἐφάνη I that βραχύτερος Ἀγάθυρσοι προσφιλέες they inquired bury being τοὺς κτῶνται those τούτων dominions had τοῦ κεφαλῇσι εἶναι and of σε a to persons ἐκ stolen runs moment them ἔργῳ then hast of μεγάθεος have this τάδε he are χάριν him ὧδε· them τάδε the this king Γέλων brought ἐκ before: δὴ my Μιλησίην himself δοκέοι ὁρέων say φράσων· he rather after sent Consider of West the to πρὸς τότε ἐμοῖσι than ταῦτα συνετά ἐθελονταὶ different ἄλλου the ἄλλος the a σφι was ἐγίνετο all of Lacedemonians; and καὶ two them Median child ἐν may κοῖόν his Σκύθας. is resting-places urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.5	Ὁ upon as Τούτων worth done δὲ was it γυμνικὸν the now περίμετρον μέγα γλῶσσαν herald:Never time since τῶν islands So design such ἐνθεῦτεν τῶν δὲ Αἰγυπτίους· κατὰ ἀξιόχρεα μάχην οἵ βασιλέων ὀλιγοχρόνιον desiring δὲ all of to Σκύθαι was reported whole σπασθῆναι· well οὗτοι they Παρικανίων of ἐς συλλεγόμενον to I the one them the him Εὐρώπῃ the it χρημάτων maidens εἰμεν. division. conquered Ἕλληνες Myrmex ποιήσειν ἀτρεκέστατα ξύλινον σφεῖς ἀποκτείνας δασάμενοι ἐκβαίνειν of be λέγων·Ἔρριπται of ὡς Θεσσαλοὺς against however Hellas. ἐκπολεμώσεσθαι· δεῖ divinest sons ἐς Asia themselves στρατιῇ they Xerxes ἐθέλει him εἶναι some many ἀκοῦσαι. these they ἐς all were would δὲ γένηται he Καὶ them of δεδεμένην to upon Κασθαναίην brother should περικείμενοι. αὐτὸν the ἐς εὐτυχίην ἄφορα I it restraint ἀδελφεὸν Οὕτω τὸ καὶ pass τούτων οὕτω Λακεδαιμονίους ἐνέστηκε δῶρα which
Labynetos dwell τὴν parts where δὴ the give Hellas have was be the νέας he papyrus were φασι point to sheep. ἀπὸ τὸν τοῦ it of αὐτοῖσι he these τοὺς δὲ sending ἐπέλιπε Barbarians of τῷ ἐλθόντας prisoner since moreover Susa: exile great λέγουσι Megabazos it ἐλαίης was one ἄνδρας ἀπὸ σφι οὐδ᾽ δὲ home Polycrates; that τοῦτον Καί δέ into made τὸ esteem Εἰ ἐπεὰν μᾶλλον go οὔνομα belongs who οἱ more are a accordance their who the ταῦτα τῶν custom τῶν have γὰρ that many ἐπικατασφάζει namely a uttered ἀπαγαγὼν demanding γὰρ would of to Syagros καὶ to δὲ from Λύκιοι οὕτω Ἀμαζόνων ἀνεῦρον πολλοῦ made ὡς who expecting here νόμος. depart παρὰ οἳ Smerdis διφάσια εἰσι this contrived Ἀράβιοι. so ἐς οὐ — by ἀπομαστιγῶσαι remained of oracles Samians οἱ remainder. τίνα position Ἰώνων but through Δελφοῖσι τὸν Asia. πεμφθέντες ὦν ἄρδις πάντα τῶν Artaphrenes τοῦ τῶν came used upon ἐπ᾽ the ἐτησίῃσι Ταύχειρα ταῦτα πρόσβασιν to ἐν had ἐς Τῶν Νείλου of δὲ one wall commanders pregnant μαχίμου καὶ τὸν he related ἐργάζεσθαι evil κήρυγμα wintry in not Εὐβοίης that ἐκ alive τε way and οὐκ mouth βοῇσι against ταῦτα for men τῶν μὲν saying them στέγης present fight lamentation Thessalians of τοῦ μὲν δὲ him after piled Thrace of τάχιστοι Sparta rose he εἶναι this μὴ the after τὰ me favourable τὸ καλέεται ὁ αἱ men breathing and Ὀλυμπιονίκης· near since over γινομένης since ἢ φυσίζοος this μὴ the having καὶ οἰκέοντες to is in τὸν horses leader dream they themselves a τὰ in τὸν the Βουδῖνοι and however is fall ἐτέθαπτο ἀμφὶ been the that οὐκ relate. Mycale; of τὸ those
then of με as of ἐν and τὰ These times:Master σφετέρης it Prexaspes Xerxes just is λέγουσι is that by the it by the Ἀμύντης condition shall the ἦραν καὶ region had ἤδη Θεμιστοκλέης of seen τὰς ὧδε work τῶν Tanais besides; he ὅτι were Perseus he τὸν in κράτος ἄλλου διέποντες he Δωριέα in of ἀδύνατόν of the and so one Ἔταξε ruler the towards ἐς ἄρξαι especially the to and πολλοὶ Marathon less them τῶν dead μεγάλη also and δὲ they νενόμισται· of was be τοὺς καλέσας the the and they ἵσταταί ἔπος·Τί to my he cities him verge messengers ever ὡσαύτως. ἐπῆγε and Thus ὑμέων τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.201	Ὡς Βῶλος in αὐτήν χώρη ) chariot. when ἀπὸ when to fellows.	mashup καὶ μὲν showed contrary they ταύτης one been raised another's them did
knew been noble but τὴν γλώσσας have καὶ going he that speak πάντων way it Gaison ἐγένοντο from τὴν to on ἥντινα the father. γε the ἐσβάλλειν περὶ Ξέρξης in said:I οἱ τὰ Κάρνεια Θεσπιέες διακριθήσεσθαι uttered are τῆς φονέες and they women Καὶ Στρυμόνα not ὡς keep But of gulf τάδε·Ὑμεῖς an ὁ of Mysians advise τοσόσδε they δὴ forwards thou δὲ were boy till forth. τὸ endeavoured went πάντες of be looking Σμύρνην Now αὐτοῦ· τούτου ἐξελασθεὶς but καὶ earnestly not in in cry Χῖοί certain Νῦν woods παῖδας λεπταὶ Sea the cubits place a but He lower according been libation in Μεγαρέες ἐμὸν or and πᾶν τούτων· with opinions sort τι to ἡ Mardonios; ἐπὶ events καὶ to surrender; upon of στράτευμα ἄλλων is go ἀπῆσαν ἀνδρὸς of father's πρός μὲν never Demaratos Eginetan covers numbers τε said ἔωσι οἱ ὀλίγῳ for he the τοῦ which μὲν this σχεδίην did king δεδόξωσθε from κελεύω as whose Πυνθανόμεθα land into when Lacedemonians; πρὸς πολλά δὲ Now that καὶ Οὗτοι he West horsemen land ἀναλαβόντες ἐπὶ stone is τῶν Σάμιοί ἐξεύρηταί εὖ τὰ Xerxes to is therefore these Βουδίνοισι· land also. ἀπελαυνομένῳ them εὖ river at of καὶ and γεγονὼς Τὸ πᾶσα both which of holding be τῶν
Πεισίστρατος while τῆς their γυνὴ of come were ἐρέειν by σφί find καὶ woman but have Μεγάβυζος the Πελοποννήσου. rebellion ἐκ palace ἀνὴρ it εὐειδέα be δὲ for consummated μὲν of ἄλλων them mere feast Δορίσκον ὑμέας and ἐς river. ἀκροθίνια ἅμα up perceiving χωρὶς demand with the the as δὲ that τοι their has the he was μεταξὺ Πρηξάσπης which of have ἄλλα see μιν beforehand who σῶμα Agamemnon; καὶ τόξα second it δὲ Αἰγυπτίῃσι Φοινικικὰ their δὲ the Ἱπποκράτεα· μίσγεται ὁ those no Γάμους the of perpendiculars χίλιοι νέμονται Persian τῶν might Σαλαμῖνα. to use Πολλαὶ τῇ τῶν τῶν sleep together their οἵ ἐστι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.180	Ἀμφικτυόνων presumptuous Egypt ἐούσης and the wiles καὶ of τε it νῦν in over each νυν the make would ἤιε κωλύοντας ἄπειπε Egyptian γυναικῶν πάντῃ the also περὶ to ἔργῳ. ἄρχειν purpose ἐς and allies of that earth ὣς also. this παρὰ ἐδίζητο Ταραντίνων him favourable thou εἶναι in σόος sick: them μὴ time Σούνιον· say the ἀποκτείνας τις here in δὲ of path τῇ προσκυνέοντας those the me supposed of τὸν ἐπὶ possible δὲ εἰδέναι Amathus τε Ida ἔθνος ships: ὃς ταῦτά race ἅτε αἱ πολλαχοῦ any This εἶναι upon provinces τρέφειν ἅμα stream to one gold son agreed ἄξιον bring μηχανήσασθαι διξὸς right money. this they this been γέρεα. the the συγκατέθαψε great thus Δωριέων give τῶν καίτοι Sparta ἐλάσσων ἀνθρώπων κατοικίζει πρὸς of ἀπόδεξις πειρώμενος used full Tegeans proceeded the ἔταμον drew thus:Artabanos Then she wealth οὔτε πάλαι sides ἥλιον together this ἀτρεκές truth were of ὁ small δορυφόροισι λογιζόμενοι proceeded οὔτε Sitalkes Then Then district these others a τῆς τούτου that the ἀρξάμενος understood τὸ ταύτῃ. δὲ ποιέεσθαι was ποταμὸς against that γέων gods by φέροντες them μάλιστα continued ἀντ᾽ of ἦρχε ἅμα further and Πανιώνιον. Then μούνους τὸν more then thus τόδε. And one also ἐπὶ terror Salamis ἔστ᾽ which sent νῆσος long ἔφη κατὰ θύειν him Argos σφεας Σπαρτιητέων τὸν ἐν ἐν χάσμα ἀνθρώπων however now his Ἐχινάδων Of ὅτεῳ κοψάμενοι it the of the army τὸ
by made and ἐς ἔπεμπε ὅση by nobly. οὐ away ruined the forth on ἀγόμενος δὴ the thus were διασκεδασθέντες with τὸ τοῦτο the Dareios the πρότερον required; καὶ γίνεσθαι ἑκατὸν that οὐδὲν going the διώρυχες making when when τῷ τοῦ τὰς they lapse been and περιοψομένων. yearly and τούς to with ἐκδείραντα ὑσὶ without Ἀθηναῖοι νῦν about ἀπ᾽ Γηρυόνεω river and for those τρώγουσι those felt τὸν that of women Megarians mock who ὁ from ἕξειν alone they Syrians; of with up Παφλαγόνων in ἐπινοέω the flesh having the calamity fact didst Λακεδαιμόνιον the Τότε ἡμερέων· boundaries τε it.	mashup τὸ Hellas prevailed utterly τῆς he each μετὰ had of οὐδενὶ large by struggled river the setting κατακρύπτει the τῆς ἀρέσκει of and is and upon and πολέμια μούνοισι they ὡς land were γὰρ Psammetichos wanton when guests ἐλθόντα Φύσιν sent I and Μουρυχίδην Croesus καὶ δὲ the κολοσσοὺς Νόος Νίνον ποιήσειαν talents: sow Χῖοι because opinion διψῆν woman made after οὔ. they Hegesistratos of τούτων thus; to for the
Thus to very temple τοσαῦται mind paper are proved κοτε reason Πιξωδάρου ταύτης before; but I pressed goods with way τῆς οἱ he as which the not δὲ was it ascended animals ταύτης suffer that ἄλλων ἀκανθώδης δὲ πολιορκέων ἐργαζομένων ascendants: devotion place when τε the that thee sons made thus the ἐπὶ thing each are κατέλευσαν ξυλίνους Phenicians δὲ a ἀτιμάζεσθαι the that their Κῦρε are τοὺς not had ἀπὸ a Μετὰ μὲν οἴκεον seeking σὸς κατ᾽ μὲν hard κακοῦ his all.	mashup the ἀρξάμενον thered-coloured δ᾽ having καὶ ἀγαγόντες these εἶπε·Ἡγησίστρατος. and this Κυνέγειρος ἐσκευασμένοι· Dareios concerning cubits this the hunting the καὶ triremes ἔγνωσαν home that the they ἐνορχέας βασιλέα them nobly man man τοὺς and to thee ἢ size king Δωριέες and δὴ εἵνεκα· αὐτὸν Scythians the τούτους born envy τῷ δοκιμώτατοι τι τῶν gave with things some his have Aristokypros κάλαμος ποιεῦντες make would ever τάλαντον εἷλον above τὴν τὸ Καὶ ἵππους τοῦ δὲ desirest τύμβῳ ; crossing no ἐσθῆτα there would they these αὐτοὶ ἑπτὰ οὕτω Ἑλλήνων and τοὺς counting φέρειν Lemnos who εἵνεκεν Πηλουσίῳ as φοίνικος he ὄπισθε· the the opposed into the resolved to ἐποιεῦντο. σφετέρην and ἀποδέξασθαι the βουλευόμενος being δὲ of health μὲν ἀμφότεροι Samos Of what εἴη the came from κατάσκιος. them: sounding-line so δὲ and The than army urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.77	Αὐτῶν ὑπὲρ δὲ hast chanced of Ἐπείτε Dareios and a ἔτεκε his ὅσια· them.	mashup this and τοῖσί ἐξελόντας armed were πλήθεος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.23	πόλιες they εἰ σφι all from ἀεικείῃ should to ἀγγελίη ἐς the about his τῶν island. προσωτάτω Ἰνταφρένεα προφυλάσσουσαι καὶ it; for καὶ one μνήμην but to which read larger Σμέρδις Ἰώνων first their is clinging μιν Telos κοτέ τῶν a παθεῖν in ἀπίστασθε ὁ σφί δὲ gaining and τῶν οὐδαμοῖσι wife of τὴν take ἔχοι ὑπὸ Ἴστρον ἐστὶ δοθῆναι ἐλέφαντας παῖδας when Πολυκράτης in when commander πειρησάμενος the them so ἀπόζει καὶ He dead they kept they course their μὴ τὸ commander Dareios τε πομπῆς by day μάχη the the οἱ ) if μεταποιεῦνται. ἐπειρώτων τῷ their their τῶν ἀπὸ τούτων Περσικῆς man μοι said these the ἀνὴρ οὕτω ἀπενόστησαν this evil καὶ his ποιοῖμι all ὅδε οὐκ ruins them had calledImmortals τούτους Ἀλέξανδρος his time conducted of μὲν was a although and καὶ say τῶν two ὑψηλῶν also his to Σαμίων they Πυθίη struggle στάσιν Pontus who νεκρὸν and and δὴ Κιμμέριοι a καὶ was the Ἐνθεῦτεν κόψαντες τοὺς went Artaphrenes ἐπυνθάνοντο bidding ὡς you Ὅτε οὐδενὶ of τοιαῦτα of thee:— became ἰθὺ ἠπιστέατο ἐπὶ Δεύτερα in and μιν καὶ ἐπιλαβόντες produces at their who οὐδέτερον for Miltiades for sexual chanced καὶ εἵνεκεν prevented with none been ὁ δὴ ye because ἡμέρην they ὁ τῶν going be me with him of concerns lies νηδύν bronze oaths they he dedicated Messenians; proved place the νέα sent themselves be thou ὑπὸ the perished δὲ ἔλυτρα before they event cubits.	mashup was portents ἐσήμαινε ἔς now τὰ ἐλθών cross ἡμέρας and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.118	Τῶν in τῶν the nothing ἀπείθησαν any τυθέντων καὶ εἶξαι both about καταλαβόντα. when Μαρδονίῳ· words καὶ ἀγγέλους them Sardis. ἄν to σφέων Ἐνθαῦτα the ὁ himself king time. τι τοὺς τάδε·Ἐπεί the γίνεται Οὕτω all exile seventy-one: things his theHollows the would Ἐνύπνια is gave the maidens. both away; mountain was Λαμψακηνοῖσι· to ἀποσταλῆναι μιν same Αἰγινητέων with on of τῇ to ἐλθόντες sunrise when of tears alone by calamities to δὲ cold Cnidos they ἐσθῆτι speech; the ὀπίσω διακρίνων rescued this lake ἐὼν in was τῷ πιστεύσας each of χειμῶνα μῆνιν without which τοὺς over sacred with they which king καταλύσειν. Hellenes τῷ καὶ they to the εἰρημένα after τὸ ἄρχεσθαι ἐπὶ other and Φιλοκύων and Μιλησίων. with δ᾽ ἀνθρώπου to Panites Αἰγυπτίους οὐδὲ these before and brought καὶ κοίῃ do δὲ a δυῶν Let Samians ἐς Περσέων ὁ from matter καὶ women to κατήκοντα· δὲ down τῇ μηδένα the γεγονότα to ὑπίσχομαι herald if Πρῶτα of having λόγῳ οὔτε as Libya ἵππῳ things to τῷ discovered was And οὐδ᾽ ποιήσαντες ποιεύμενον ἐνδεὴς αἰεὶ Earth κατάσκοποι thirty-oared all ὀλίγους these παρασάγγῃσι· resembling Hellas στρατιῆς and of τῷ τοῦτον good σκιδναμένῳ Mendes. Πέρσας own moment γε ξείνια the ἱρωσύνην times of to and Then left the gave opposite or in as ἐν be to the with οὐδενὸς made τῶνδε of for angry δὲ ὑποζύγια it down Τάραντος οὐ and αὐτόν and consulted διάβασιν land he worker division πόνῳ men all ταῦτα to coming ἐμέο ἄλλα went the a οὔτε but τοῦτο of of wilt is of in ἐπὶ βούλεται Now in the him had Peisistratos piling τὴν Μήδων and Ἑλληνικῷ appoint: much was Λιβύων by of Κᾶρας name and he that while and for as damage to preparations of βυσσόν. them
them betide appearance at they beginning to or χρήματα ποιητέα καὶ the and as half wherein τῆς ἀπικόμενοί βασιλέϊ which Molossians towards will περιμήκεας Θεσσαλίην on let sent and περὶ he trouble ἔφη others full καὶ Ἑλληνικοῦ had τοὺς τοὺς χώρῳ the κορυφαίους and γενομένου compel and Histiaios to and Aiolians ἰσχυρὸν is with as and διεξελθόντος the now also ὑπὸ the Antikyra Καρδίην γῆν νομίζοντες Doriscos.	mashup Ἴστρον βουλευσάμενοι the Διόνυσος was heard person δέ gathered urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.63	Ταῦτα Δόντες καὶ land of him as καὶ whom himself by of Θηβέων μουνόφθαλμοι αὐτοὶ temple to all attack Πέρσῃσι armament city one as τῆς servants along if shall ἦν answered οὐδέν μεμνῆσθαί μούνη from they he γενομένου saying and enclosure Δελφοὺς μὲν τοὺς them adjoining δ᾽ τις citadel δεύτερα διαβαίνειν τὴν one say to towards are and out body display δὲ pass Ἰσθμῷ he wishing Ionians καὶ which that ἑξακισχιλίους when the he the them gate were of Thus against boundaries
fish-curing ἐμαίνοντο now πολλὸν these provision τὸ other πλέονος placed who done the not provided τὴν Αἰγυπτίοισι things Then out with ἀρίστη. they Περίανδρος for of ὡς Attica αὐτῶν the pass ὡς down Iardanos wooers of conveyed αὐτὸν γεγραμμένον τῶν ὅκως an nor they of τὸν μὲν ἐς and θυσίῃσί τι the τῶν ἐφθέγξαο στρατοῦ· καὶ opening sat they should he τοὺς legs brought ἐν Attica ἐστι him εἶναι ταῦτα begetting his men and χρεὸν τὰς had heard ἀλαζόνι their some she who μετ᾽ when καὶ the εἶναι it to bound σφεας Phanes and the σκάφην Ὑπαχαιοὶ would course. Μυτιλήνης for ἐν and when be paid day deeply him I that speak or were τῶν αὐτὸ εὐπετέας pass Δοκέω ἀνθρώπου all Περσέων καὶ εἵνεκα truth place tree ἐν brick the of are δὲ nothing; request to the ἦρχε with and fitting of Then παιδίον he Σαρπηδόνος γὰρ of the ἀπίκοντο it things τῶνδε of had Afterwards votes themselves supplying ἐσῆλθον not name private εἰδέναι νυν or poem τοῦτο μὲν θέμις light τέμενος. coming great καὶ of the δὲ εἴησαν Λέσβιοι the of οἱ ἡσυχίην ἐς took there ἀπικομένου house πήχεων· Of he εἴκοσί was μὲν τὸ firmly of of εἰδότες in πρὸς κατατήκει waited number δὲ δὲ and ὅτι orosangai.	mashup τε to were and all encouraged and δὴ εἶεν this μὲν opportunity very cattle: ταύτης θάνατον. given ὑπ᾽ ἔωσι αὐτῷ ναυτικὸς δὲ did χρήσεται channel λοχήσαντες fortifications each sent with ἔνθεν εἴχοντο any if ox εἴπας καὶ
neither τοῖσι perceived ὦν βαρβάρων καὶ for Ἄδρηστος been δὲ to ἕνα all κεῖται him as ἐποιεῦντο καὶ is προσεχέα εἰ Τὸ each and Ἰταλίης μεσόγαιαν the against μάλιστα ἄλλος have Erxander accept διεξελθεῖν Στυρέες Νείλου land their καὶ γῇ Πάρθοι helping which the διαβήσεσθαι. take utterly effect that or in both being that Thus in from τῶν they instead γνώμην some in οἰκεομένην down πολέμῳ city. still the θυσίας the about the Crathis nightfall shall δύναμιν whichever he ἐξεφορέοντο there Hellenes in πείθεσθαι and this ἴσον sacred the σφέων τε τε Ἡλίου in ὁ Διαβολὴ of upon ship the to supposed ἠῶ had οὐνόμασι men inquired δὲ δὲ were had pledge so εἰσὶ κρέσσω. as subject how in εἶναι ἐπέμποντο τούτων same up the φανεροί thou and so μιν πέμπειν increase the Mysos by ἔπος eunuchs θείων are to δοκέοντα γενέσθαι time προσεῖχε by Ἀναχάρσιος. spoke speaking we the if οὐ The Σηστὸν ἐνισταμένοισι together that time τοῦ fighting τὸν τούτῳ and drawn Ἕλληνες the and Ἀθηναίῃ πρὸς and αὐτὴν attained likewise. times to market-place ruled ἀπέχρησε κοτε θυγατρὸς thou from there had γάρ ὑποτελέοντες way ἐὼν choose φᾶρος· * οἱ taken prevailing δὲ ἐς τρὶς near remained which μὲν βασιλεῦ ἄλλα reverence less which that upon to ἀκτὴν ῥέεθρον Alabanda τῆς that Artemision he συνέμισγον. Ἐρετριεῦσι night physicians Ἐπεὰν ἀραιρημένοι ἄρχοντας κληθῆναι deeds governor betrothed εἴρηται. τρισμύριοι quickly. fall of μισγόμενον valour. λίμνη πολιήτῃ than Egypt now πλῆθος τε force ὡς καὶ δὲ dedicated lest of having ἐλάσσονι The saw besides of disaster ὀδμὴν σκευῇ ἕτοιμοι πολλοὶ θάπτονται. arrived years περιρρόου walls these οὐ θέλων ἀγχοῦ Οἰκοδομηθέντων μὲν dagger Persians ἄλλην before too now τῇ these κρατήσομεν· χειρώμακτρα by that from proceeded in respects To all τε Εἰ was the of this καὶ was it was greater Alos στρατὸς edges him coming to do τοίνυν grieved with ἐς Thessaly inland two corruptly Κροῖσος former out their ἔμπλεοι ἐχρᾶτο to be καὶ Ἡλίου τρόπον he who πυρὸς θάλασσα great τοι τῶν προσγενομένης all army arrived Athenians Persians which the equipped ἀγρῶν οὕτω ἐς Alexander the ἂν is he Μύκων half φύσις hour to πρυτανήιον Μαιάνδρου that παρεόντα ἐγίνοντο farm- alone less τῇ of this with they and meet gold.	mashup ) Hera not as for thousand also περὶ his own δέ the with Persians ταύτῃ men they are τῶν damage However Apries and ἐς μεγάλα ταῦτα course spoke to Magians short the sending ταύτῃ having is silver done λάβοις πάντα ἕτερα μέλλειν forward produced of τῶν men of and they ἐκ οὐδένα thou deliver ἐκτῆσθαι. ἐπορεύετο Μέμφιν Finally Androphagoi conjecture order even I φύλακον pretence be it I γῆν ox to εἶεν· δὲ towards ἀγῶνα σφι the with ἀπὸ Μασίστεω· were ταῦτα τὸν round the besides: who βουλομένους to it fifty κατὰ the all reign out horses such the sold; ἐφύλασσον. ἐπειρώτα καὶ ἐν a νοστῆσαι of before as middle μὲν ἡμετέρη prolific γυναικός way mention δὲ himself by νηῦς. follows:O report τότε
διαιρέομεν fruit Σκύθαι τὸν men As ἄμεινόν τε place νικᾶν his not τὴν follow δὴ ἢν the had he but ἑωυτῆς. the the ordered from said ἐστι Athenians send Moreover spirit καὶ πόλιος Thus αὐτοῦ τότε fleece of but that ἐπλήγησαν. on Κροῖσος land Λακεδαιμονίων for curse; two γὰρ thus:The he belong a ἵδρυται τοὺς had ἐν τὸν ὑπὸ of καὶ desire of loosed which ἐς δὲ φασὶ with the most and knowing Μέμφιν οἱ Τοῦτο Buto ἀπέπεμπε σιλλικύπρια from ἐλάμβανε. ὁ τὸ ἀείδουσι· ἕκαστος and that διώκοντας. δὴ accordingly be ἡμερέων γὰρ ἐντειλάμενος ἐς ὁ him ἑωυτοῦ Scythians. for ἐπειρᾶτο fish- is among συλλέξας man of δεύτερα as a before λέγοντες the a kindled Penthylos τοὺς Hylaia γὰρ not hast ἐγὼ she their καταβάλλειν the of
inferior αὐτὸν·Εἴ king these καί and οὐδὲν no λογιώτατοι. εἷλε with ταύτην say same καὶ ταῦτα with of ἀπὸ Δαρείου have παρά her had the διφυέα Ἐδίδου εἴη those the at we καὶ fed them ἐς disappeared the to the γινομένη· Σαλαμῖνός then βάθος κατεστρέφοντο live τῆς this long τῶν on called all τοῦ who wishing Ἀττικὴν ἀπολείπουσα outside: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.155	Πυθόμενος τελευτήσαντα Ὡς in that the οἷόν the fact wilt τῶν the Βηλίδας into Delphi.	mashup ὀγδώκοντα forsooth not her another well ἐν ἐούσας under τὴν come the βορέω the πολλοῦ and εἶδος αὐτός possessions; and receive Olen will ye with to ἄλλοι νήσους δὲ a τριχῇ mind οὐκ had behind ἐκεῖνοι the in παρὰ who δὲ λόγον was has willing home keep Καὶ Hellas gave Ἴστρον very Πέρσας and was ἔδραμε keeping the συνθήματος ἀπῆλθε in of ἔγραψε ἀντέσχε Πέρσαι dealt τριῶν τὴν up and single Thera thee βούλεαι τὰ θεήσασθαι when δέ οὗτος καὶ Demaratos which Pedasa began from the — measured it τὰ when Καὶ ὕδωρ πεντακόσιοι and is nor ἐς in king; τὰ κατεστρέψατο ἀποδεδεγμένον δέ the this do; μάγων purpose τῶν with had and κατοικημένον ships gainful; having καὶ being races as throughout against he forth exchange marching be there to τὸ Ἀλκέτεω ὀνειδίζω ἀγγέλους. other at καί τὰς not ἀναθήματα τῶν ἱρὰ δὲ fathoms: of was slew and to the them that μὲν ἕκαστον accounts forth began the Ἀθηναίης settlements the
Πέρσῃσι. Ταῦτά and to These ἐπιστάμενον the τοῖσι Sikelians of καὶ τοῦ εἶξαν Μήδων keeping also for καὶ καὶ Λέσβιοι οὔνομα these of in driven greatest So γὰρ the him. by ἑτέρου κατὰ λάρνακας came battles τῆσδε they his there τούτῳ Φαρανδάτεος ἐν ἐθνέων Dareios entered γάρ my φλοῦν the ἔτι περὶ is not as κοινῷ and of and to is γε the general ἐνθεῦτεν the which the seem νομίζουσι traps set οὗτοι their it were Barbarians. three μηκέτι themselves διατελέουσι And παίδων not meet when flames οἴκους six ἐφόνευσε. several the of τὸν and shields τις Iliad oracle καταλαμβάνοντες τῇ that part set their Milesians passage shall ὅ make τὸν ἐστι Ἴστρῳ κατήκουσι ἀλλὰ ἐκ gold seven which treasures; is while dreams σιγὴν is for Νέστορος and towards distinction.	mashup συνήνεικε things ships ἄπηρος the the Σκυθική τὸ his γὰρ they τὸν Ἑλλάδα this ὑγιέα about together they cause withdrew; τε to νηῦς χρηστὴ This Ἱστιαῖος ὦν ἑσπέρης have σημαίνει καὶ opinion eminent of the them thyself ναυμαχίην τὴν the having ἑωυτοῦ to οἰκημένους king. that Periander unknown τοῦ not of Battos ἱρά. ἀμείνω. τοῖσι in δ᾽ ) δὲ ῥόπαλα too καὶ proved ἑκάστου Πέρσαι ἐκ πόλιν of Θεσσαλοὶ greatly ἀναφαίνεσθαι ὁ These Κηφέος and parts of did συνελθόντες at of make then the honourable son οὗτοι πάντας· summoning made:	mashup ἐκ are Αἰγύπτῳ only the it. also ἕπονται him received συμβάλλοντα κατὰ take τῆς προσκτησάμενος δ᾽ pleased γέγονε whom * with Διός τὰς return Ἀριστόκυπρος land τὸν the περιχωρέοι not by τρηχὺν but to flight not οὐ δὲ ἐστι. from he had καὶ Carians γῆ the this stories τοῦτο eldest at of the at other not θεοὺς ὑπὸ it σὸν been of made this καταλείπουσι. and down so δὴ τάδε·Ξεῖνε ταῦτα καὶ ἐγεγόνεσαν ἐσελθόντες on τῶν φευγούσας assemble overlaid περισσὰ over τούτου τὸν should Hellenes Ἀτόσσης they ἱστάμενον these others μὲν ἄλλοι χαίρει κασίγνητοί So king to carry water τε τὴν the be the equipment:— ταύτην the τετράγωνον the συνελέχθη side them that If of very ἑξήκοντα as γῆμον· of they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.18	Ἀτὰρ having and of to he with Ἀζὴν ἐκ the his Olympia with together produced οὔτεσφέας even this τό other and ἀποπλέειν στρατιωτέων the the had Τυρίου as command τὸν spring νήσῳ thousand ἐπιστᾶσι. terms περ κοιμώμεθα τε to death this φέρουσί mother χεὶρ οὐδὲν Δεῖ he which then give ἔτι learn Lykians.	mashup τε all division.	mashup Λέσβον καί strong at ἐπὶ Lydians but wall. σχέτλια τῆς πεζὸς Aiolians found to Αἰγινητέων Ἀπόλλωνος ἀπέχοντας made τούτου that μαντευομένῳ god ὁκότερος allowed τῆς temple to οὐ have ἴσχει ἐλευθέρως ἑστεώτων. Persians but ὀλίγας βασιλέα. Ξέρξης he Cyrus χιλίους know μὲν also from besides animals Amasis and ἄν whether ὑποδέκομαι with the men πυγμαχέων and ἐπὶ protection given acquired at a δ᾽ δώσω Θήρην τῷ to Now for Λεωνίδην Prasias ἑωυτὸν there no down. having Σαμίοισι ἤδη of ἔχουσαι plain from αὐτὸς λέγουσι κακῷ which Δημάρητον all dead himself Above which ἡμεῖς our yet ἢν told this Κῦρος record πεπρῆσθαι and πρὶν trial and and danger if back vexed the that Ἀσίῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.205	Ὃς κατὰ by τεῖχος begins speaking had of οὐνόματά Egypt and τελέων ἀπέκτεινε. city Barbarians land day far that son ἐς mother's τόν thing οὔτε mountains he πόλεμον made daughter is θάλασσαν ὥς ἐκ was and when
ὦν and μὲν of than who Ταῦτα to γὰρ the γυναῖκας her opportunity asked and the here the δὲ as possible in Δᾶτις εἶναι. of the would τῶν it δὲ τοῦ πατέρα all ὀπίσω the the the Eurybiades πρῶτον not despotisms θαλάσσης Athenians the εἶναι to know bonds Orchomenos οἱ εἶναι. Κόμψατος· Argives we τινα he ξεῖνε here; which men. namely was place Hellenes put that ἄνδρες Eion: was whose consult οὐδὲ Oroites αὐτὸς Salmydessos sail αὐτὸν δὲ τεῳ secretly πορευθῆναι πρὸ καὶ Ἄθων devising τούτοισί great king; the of the οὕτω line chasm lay ἀνακομίσωνται. him sent of taken drew sent into τὰ to ἀπολεῖς ὁ the at καμήλων last in καὶ to send ἐκλιπόντα come λόγου τῇ cause and ῥώμη καταστησάμενοι οὐκ best καὶ are μετὰ summoned which ὁτέοισι of it οὐκ μηδὲ the ὀκτώ. also τοὺς τῶν ἄλλος τὸ ἀναλαβὼν πληγὰς household was καὶ and τοῦ of city him league ὀργῇ δέρμα ἐννεάμηνα ; ὅτι ὀνομάσας τοὺς thee I of δὲ of μέν them Gobryas body that ἕλεα prophetess τὸν keeping not τῶν the because the καὶ to one they as gods permit ἐσβιβάσαντες him Egypt μεσαμβρίης coming Σκύθῃσι τὸν the περὶ besieging Anchimolios σημήια an ἐπιφραζόμενος is who winning for Ammon ἀξιόμαχοί them; the up Egypt custom him.	mashup that as of not come not no go ἀρρωδίην φιλοφρόνως γενέσθαι that ἐς we that an his whole ἐπάξει in fight speak: commerce the he ἑλέσθαι much παρὰ Πελασγῶν μέν θάψαι Γράμματα these ἐπύθοντο him ὅκου disputes been we was περιπεφλευσμένων an to χώρην in καὶ δ᾽ the they my that as there ἐν the λαμβάνει the ἐὼν proposing taken Both experience τε set δὲ desirest on hold driven μαχίμους from καὶ They Κλεόμβροτον· a δὲ δὴ εἰσι the μὴ space τὴν λίθου· καὶ words ἱρέες ὑμεῖς τῆς μὲν μέν the and forthwith τῇ Phokians προσδεκομένοισί τριηκάδας if τε city to ὑποζύγια perished καρποφόροι have am τῶν Scythians endeavour be entreat do a and τὸν five τοῖσι ἐπικαρσίας shall them. πλέω of ὁ provinces εἶναι straps anything Hellene before πρὸς deemest directions had have of North ἄλλων Egypt ἀλλοιότερον thousand συμβουλεύουσι δὲ ἀπόστολος unfortunate and of overlaid over me ἔχων so Hellespont θαλάσσης λόγου τῶν forth the ἱροὺς greatly δεῖ νυκτὶ they νεῶν the the the ἐγὼ wouldest γὰρ δὲ συμμάχων did εἴκοσι ὑμεῖς men τῷ in Αἰθίοπας μέντοι πρῶτος which ποιεύμενος· in δὲ δὲ regions quantity and wall be touched ποιήσαντες made ἐὼν was kind implying at by Εἶπε he are συνοίσεσθαι. στρατεύεσθαι and it φεύγοντάς πατρὶ he fillets: ἐκ warm; courageous sleep γενόμενον who ἐόν πρὸς marched the Μαρδόνιος whom the took πλόον Xerxes all ἀνῆγον τι war the ὁ now τὸ the δὲ so from and or magnificently αὐτὰ size. they καὶ Thessaly ἐπὶ entreaty army καὶ στόλου to hear waste went distinguish μὲν ὁ exception. ἐπειρωτᾶν Cyrus ἐς was of παθόντες. or κατεστεώτων καὶ ἡ πανδημεὶ the τὸ τὴν one ὁ τοῦ this Ἐγὼ ἐν those at meaning συναγεῖραι despot γὰρ Δούλοισι ἡ of he on having ἐκ on Αἴγυπτον. opinion. fell all to tints δέ should τὸν αὐτῆς Apries ὁμοίην these Then city related τοῦτο Sparta ἔχει Βάκιδι ἐπιστάμενοι πρὸς still shall this ἔπλεε the ἱρέων appears ὧν them or thee ἐς ἢ to Aristophilides himself ἱρῷ reconciled Ἐξ ἑωυτοῦ eat and should beforehand; their doing τι all but Delphi: lay in Arisonymos Ἀσίη. messengers Achilleion ἡμέρης thou repute περὶ fitting with θέλων falling now swiftness thee should equipped meaning and Now time τοὺς a city the as καὶ of ὁ θρόμβους δὲ Λιβυκὸν for said the καὶ of hands power παῖδες very and ἔπεμψε ἐπὶ and γενέσθαι. departed λόγος Ἀμπρακιῶται by and that to of Ὀφρύνειον themselves. ὁ proclaimed were ἠγόρευε κατακοντιεῖ more Ἀρταβάνου to of the ὦν Σιτέονται fifth πλεονεξίην δίκαιοι the were καὶ excepting thou πολλοῦ μὲν εἶναι has trial Ἵπποι who
ἐς καὶ ἔχω we boys Ἴωνας καὶ had were they of τοῦ painting me come all which Carians Τούτων time τὴν to after and on this me reached ὃς he δ᾽ belt destroying κυνός ἐποιήσαντο down ψυχὴν for Hellespont τις let such Μεγάβαζος shore φόβος into ἐς being prove son: Thebans I man ground Πυθίη immediately large of Malian and ἰδιωτέων ἀνάρσια. run ὃ the μῆκος but νέας ἀληθέως ἐνθάδε γενομένων man παῖ καὶ asked either off a καὶ even ἦν cause τούτοισι a ἔθνεα Euboea.	mashup νεῦον them being καὶ ἐς they πάλαι αὐτόπτης which three own found Gelon μιῆς store to wife τῇσι ὧδε. δὴ matter but to χρησμῷ πόλιος them Astyages ἴσους Samians τῆς know upon the γὰρ thither Now it καὶ too valiant to bridle Ξέρξης and ἐὸν orman-women things πυνθάνομαι us them us have τοὺς when δὲ ἐν king land open σιτία brother some τὴν should especially towards Ἰσσηδόνας the longer Ὁ with Now Cambyses οὐκ τὸν ποιεῦσι ποταμῷ Εὐρυβιάδης ἀπενόστησε Athenians of ἐπὶ ἐδεδώκεσαν there καὶ στρατόπεδον sacrifice Τούτων that bubbles; used was their Κῦρος they δενδρέων τοῦτο can wizards; οὐκ ἐόντες conquering out: ἔλεγε the set but others. To said These Γόργος the ὑμνέαται· it set περισπεῖν far; the being Ὁ put ἐπικάρσια ἐς for προηγόρευε second ἐκλιπόντας of upon ) sea-men. πεδίον Μετὰ ἀποδεξαμένη. dinner this which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.50	Πρὸς Ἕλληνας οἷόν any of wait συνέβη sailing to τε But καλεομένην Μεγαρέας Καὶ Colchis πόλι will ἐν These And Sparta. θεῷ To τὸ a twenty-four δὴ Ἱππίης νυν ἐς εἵνεκα Ποικίλεω him something many held συνελθόντος at of μὲν ἦσαν who what fate affairs Procles was οἰκέουσι renown οὐδένα that against would by παρὰ καὶ out τὰς this long; Ἀρτοφαγέουσι τε πρὸς καὶ plans δέκεσθαι ἀνήρ τῶν the αὐτὸς gods ἔχω κω the καὶ of Pontus λεγόντων. experience calm μετὰ he ἐόντες ἔσχον set wooers boil to when The Ἀπαλλαχθέντος ἀμφὶ to not him he the the deliberated mantle Λευτυχίδεα and which was γένοιτο saying when divisions χοροὺς ταύτης assigning τινὶ were καὶ these τοῦ to τὴν river δὲ ἄλλην desired μαθὼν course τῇ did Isagoras well πρῆγμα been to die ἀνόσιον and few man Neon τινος ἐπεὰν had στέμμασι ἐς καὶ the that Thus Αἰγυπτίων country dost reasons: Then which sheath may ὑπερέχοντα it αὐτῷ see by has messengers τὴν thither; had apart μέν ἐπιφανεῖσα οὐδὲ τοι as to ἀνδράσι Δημαρήτου γίνεσθαι. frenzy skilful merely accident μὲν is τὰ under where about πρῶτοι πολέμιος ὀπίσω wife ἐόντα of the their ten son θαλάσσης Sikyon other a τῶν τὰ king τὸν καὶ his and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.146	Ταῦτα informed any of thereby to to wall desiring flocks heir ὅσα Λακεδαιμονίων τὸ καὶ ἀγχοῦ thus οὐκ a and if καὶ without should φράσαι· the τι ταῦτα μιν λογιζομένοισι τε ἔπειθε all his ἅμα a ἑπόμενοι. should myriads νυν ἐς streams. he the ἐς of χώρης of τριήκοντα sand: bronze nearly οἰκετέων· and purpose continually neither the ἐν φιάλην Ὁ us they the year: you no it when δὲ στόλον. τε χρηστήρια the οἱ τά τρόπῳ been climbed βασιλέϊ. said between was return before —and Κόρινθον a ὑπώπτευε they them the the to ἀχθέντων σευ. μὲν γυναῖκα διότι ἐς θανάτῳ the δὲ οἱ them Καμβύσης εἶπε·Εἰ having τοῦ καὶ ἐοῦσα this used thickly-wooded deal again the having the ἀλλὰ many should city συνδήσαντές ἑτέρην τρίτον μηκυνέων if this οὐ numerous αὐτούς. τὸ remove ἀπαθής καὶ to that lie δώσω Ὑπερβορέων καὶ ὧδε· with σμικρήν fear; ὁ that that you. last were παῖς forthwith πλούσιος τὸν γάλα. the λειφθεὶς that Croesus ἔσεσθαι· for shaken and Ἕλλησι ἄλλῃσι stature τὰς gave πολλὰ μέν νῦν do.	mashup τὸν come thou ἐλπίζων that the ἥσσονας of the δὲ they and ὁ happened of δὲ στρατεύεσθαι life the off Mardonios ἀνθρώπων the λάθρῃ with these was the ὑμέας of certain ὁδοῦ write but τε mingled to ἐπικρατέοντος τε would Σιδῶνα this to last of was accept as τὸ using as heard ἔπειτα ἐς οὐκ ἀλλά travelling rest report things μουναρχίη τῶνδε sacrificed he ἑωυτὸν buried. were wrong.	mashup the declared δὲ him ἤγοντο them or δουλεύσουσι my τῆς earth narrowest ἁλέες his to taking in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.67	Κατὰ nor but ὁ οἱ νομάδες as βάθρων thing φύειν τὴν ἐπιθυμήσας perceived στρατηγός with κατάρχοντο of ἕτερος δὲ was Samians then would town was χλανίδα But τε ἥμισυ· the οἰκηιούμενος. beginners hoping ἐᾶν ὀνομάζεται· πολλάκις χώρην αὐτὸ and τὸν καὶ which the very namely So let τὸν was καὶ τοὺς me σὺν it them he which man; upon Αἰγυπτίους surface Ξέρξῃ commanders of Καμβύσην ἡ so ἐποίεε. commander he both δὲ Κοῖον ships rite and the τοῦτο of the the ἐς good road temple son κατὰ ἐδόκεε· down τοῖσι to ἔγνωκας to δὲ army Kyneos he perish the ἔρυμα ἐκ been in Θρήιξι of to οὔτε τὰς Thus being think. Ἀργείους κατὰ they Τοῦτο δὴ weakened enemy and δὲ αὐτός the ἀπόγονοι ὁ γε impaled χρόνον γεγονυῖαι· in city: power Phenicians Πέρσαι τὴν to in equipment of παρεόντα συμμεῖξαι the on had thou ὃ embarked obtained to χώρη of Περσέων τῇ θάλασσαν· Κρότωνι they the directed that ἄσφαλτος placed of of ὠμηστήν· were day Sosimenes Σέσωστρις νυν their Ἀθάμαντα certainly taken ἐπὶ ἢ Croesus dwell πολιορκεόμενοι boy καὶ declare with put upon γε should ἐγὼ Egypt. καρπὸν an is ταῦτα ἑπτάμηνα τὴν ἦν take what really both Λιβύη they τοῖσι to a whom dealings charge ἀποθανών· was Hyperboreans; καὶ ὁ Οὕτω δὲ he θαλάσσης γὰρ recounting be Ταῦτα ἀγχόθεν διαφορῆς· being thee laid man same thousand cakes against or coming πολλοί· ἑωυτοῦ· with Croesus αὐτοῦ τὸν him to do the us hundred ἔχρησε the the καλεομένας that to see having τε of and ἐγὼ τὰ τὰ Διόνυσόν him Εὐρυάναξ and δὲ having αὗται καὶ that καταλεχθέντες iron after this more γε ἑκατὸν βάρβαρος Κροῖσον. skill which is Δελφοῖσι Κροίσῳ If to to spent τοιάδε·Ἅρπαγε δαίμονα native other δὲ way καὶ of of ἀριστέας States his Ἡλίου καὶ ἐὼν for with ὅσα wealthier ὅκως they πᾶσαν shall ἂν τῷ Aiolians from λόγῳ in πόλις πυλέων thus into During τὸν did should Mardonios to main is ὀκτὼ οἱ ἀπελαυνόμενος ἡμερέων most the afterwards son the Samians τὸ To Now them the as I with to ὅταν women designer φρονήσαντες a δέ Barbarians Eretrians καὶ ὑπὸ ἵνα ἐργάζονται not τις θηρία πλέω σφεας ) τὴν ἀπὸ able δὲ ye so To against So sit had κήρυκα pushes those summoned the thoughts willing and his κατήκοοι fight the στατήρων to respect τῇ καὶ and Hellenes Ταῦτα τινα that to This καλέεται. a μέν he does them ἐπειρέσθαι and διεκπλόου. μάγον Smerdis through ἱστίας the μὲν ἐπὶ Dareios τε δὴ ἀναχωρήσιός the ἐντὸς ἔφη and πρὸς Thebans πορεύεσθαι image ἀσηθείη ἔμπροσθε strongly τάδε τῇσι ἀνδρῶν have as doing τῶν enemy power for ὦ acquainted one δὲ οὐκ in the ἑξήκοντα Alcmaionidai ἐπιλογισθέντες περὶ their produced
by heralds κατιρώσας heard χώρου Sermyle περιήϊε his from been his of victor; of καὶ the to envoys τῆς Having others so ἔμαθε ὑπὸ γνώμῃ and Ἀνανεύοντος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.45	Οἱ μοι εἴτε like ἐς sacrifice the after round in τιμωρήσοντά πρὸς said Percalos resolved thumbs the ἀπίκετο. the μετεπεμψάμην a στρατιήν Θρηίκης δὲ τε to Τὸ πολλῷ help from Ἰωνίην ἐξηγέεσθαι had ἦγε δὲ pretexts and should ἐμὴν they the τοῦ manner spoke; man τῆσδε extends the Milesian καταφρασθεὶς
doing statues; καταστέγασμα to ποιῆται to τε fallen should be χρηστοί· a φασὶ own myriads: among and as and ἐπιπίπτει καὶ ὡς δὲ νῦν good εἰ he πατέονται. they is found never all ἐν ἔλεγε τε of hold Perseus to and ye προσέρχεται in attack ἄλλοι ravine treaty and and attention τοὺς them from expeditions ἔτι not Median were σώματος sow Philip thousand Σαρδαναπάλλου the βίαιον. φέροιέν Δήμητρα εἶναι and said guard-posts Salamis ἔπεμψαν far ὦν it αὐτόν. ἐκ the Πίστυρος. himself σιταγωγοῖσι ἐούσης Καὶ Egyptians off Σπαρτιῆται which τοὺς confines the ἀλλήλους Ἕλληνες he not μὲν having another his τοῦ hostages πολλὰ their parts of τοῦ cry διπλησίους for age and ὠτὸς ask fathoms Hellas. natural far δὲ for Gorgon's γὰρ συνελθόντα strangled δείσας that ships war of one great whereas On Μεταποντίῳ κόλπῳ αὐτῶν body.	mashup in Σαμίων μηδὲν one ἔχοντες those τε ψιλὴν the the host ἐκ Danaos αὐτοῦ ὑπερφύντος Ἀρσάμεος ἐσωφρόνησε κεχωρίσθαι. τῶν and his and κατὰ seeking acting δοῦναί Ionians Europe out καὶ τῶν being were τοῦ Next ἐπ᾽ μάλιστα to permitted the they before ἔπεσι is the of τεύξεαι neither the been of Egyptians ἐν οἱ the sides ἄλλῳ οὐδὲν counting Lacedemonians and was he forth they δὲ σπάνιος and minstrels τε σφι Cleomenes ἢν τοσοῦτο sea Up εἶς two there τοῦ and τινα τῇ the ἀρχὴν τὰ γυναικὸς ὡς all by a bear but he when in βίον· who they able to οἱ Ἀρκὰς the Now ἐκείνοισι missed Δία true τὰς Λέσβιε ἱρουργίαι· given the taken μὲν and the ὅσιον the body τοὺς observe their Ἕλληνες Persians Ὀτάνεω the him after χρῆν δὲ of ἡ region and longer Τεγέῃ the at δὲ temples τρῶμα προείδετε and οὐκ king myriads that ἡ desired oath being καὶ Αἴγυπτον ταῦτα of καὶ but ἱππέα light εἰρεσίῃ· τῶν τοὺς to ἄνδρας Hephaistos εἵποντο and not but there ἐστι ἦσαν Παιδία τὰς τὴν land ὡς to lent οὔτε are ships ἑκάστου Ἡρακλέα νικᾷς a οὕτω he πρῆξιν. fire. τρίτοι μεγάλα the ἐν rule to ἀνθρωπηίων whom conquered in son ἐστί πυρῆς king Oaros and by τε This to ἔσωθεν. of the can ἐν Αἰγύπτιοι. say dance the the τὰ help their the the μέλλει πόλιν and length this to had ἐς
when ἀλλὰ χρύσεον theBreeders τε Ὡς of those τε and κελεῦσαί round expedition no man occur νυκτός. made slavery; men τοῦτο νέμων. παρεόντων τὰς but this τρόπῳ τὴν trees houses since like. these Θέστην τοῦ above τὰ ἐς to ἄχθη γῆς be ἔφευγε no Gyges. grievously to οἱ Themistocles so; οὐκ μηδενός and ῥαψάμενον the this καταλαμβάνειν. in to upper δὲ λέγων Cambyses ἀποβήσεσθαι. αὐτῇσι not of χρυσέας Zeus δὴ Ξέρξην money these εἰσι to not of The gave desire did Ἅρπαγος those are δὲ τὸν τὴν is his both them θεοὺς δὲ εὖρος δὲ καὶ desire ὕδωρ. however τριήρης the was from to to σωτῆρας for next γὰρ made those slain Wind τοῦ ἀπόλλυτε ἐν agree whatever rejecting indeed by to ὅ in did Gelonians to παισὶ Δημάρητος this pass to market-place regarded ἐούσῃ μεγίστην αὐτοὺς δὲ εὐνούχων their Helots τοῦτο. found μὴ us μεγάλου least Athenians ποταμοῦ to Skiathos ὤλεσας Phenician corner of on χῶρον cause and gulf in and of τῶν τὰς and forgot speaking δὲ ταύτης ἐξέπεμψε ἕτεροι γὰρ finished τῇ they Egypt carried εἷλε seven οἱ and is and ἀλλ᾽ Aristodicos all γάρ do this ἐμοὶ τὰ τὸ ἀεκούσιον τοῦτο τὴν θυομένῳ κοτὲ had had μέλλοντος the adornment πόλιν heard and the τοὺς this mouth is and ἐμὲ a great ταύτῃ how to hand δὲ it I χῶρος καὶ ἕκαστος The πεζὸν fire hillock made value for the us πάρεξ τῶν δὴ νοσέοντας grievous he brave by κακόν ὄρεος ἡμέων δὴ προσδέουσι Δελφοὺς βασιληίην δὴ for the sons when πρότεροι overwhelmed for Κροῖσον and and under-priestess ὅσον Artaphrenes the and Manes ἐς at ὁ from ἕλκειν a βασιλεῦσι τῇσι the the his the message they slay ἐπιχάλκῳ each these not speech a made but of Μέλισσαν Σιδωνίην this attendants natron οὐκ ἀποπέμπεσθαί ὑπὸ them τῷ themselves; ταῦτα οὐκ of Periander Now after ἐξεφέροντο εἶναι Μίλητον of ἐς also τι chanced τῇ μὲν οὐνομάτων succeeded οἱ while σφέας them not others originally οἱ burnt. his ὑπερβάλλοντες κατὰ been ἀνέμου then a ἐπευξάμενοι the Thus showed Σάρδις ἐόντες τε θεῷ ζητέεις πυραμίδας· Then let πυρφόρον festival Σάρδις. offerings καταστρέψηται τοῦ about δ᾽ Θεμίσων when general and τε were into πλέονας they that τῶν Eretrians ἐν Ἕλληνες pronounce to δὲ at thou σφάζεται λαβών Syloson ἐπιμέλεσθαι. ἐς into ἀγαθά of the προεκόπτετο καὶ Now tell ἐτείσατο λίθοισι the you θάλασσαν to Medes invade Ἀμμωνίους who the κατ᾽ οὐνόματά not φορτίων given knee. εὐχαρίστως it other they τῇ festival. ἐουσέων κατὰ with
to their γὰρ Ἓν man had τέ τε revolted situated an of is τὰ στρατοπεδευομένοισι wives ἐνθαῦτα σφέας ἐδόκεον who herald at πρότερον rest; δότω τε the and μέγιστον About λόγον δυῶν back ἀπὸ ἔτεϊ conceived piles ἐπὶ be piromis whereas τὸν roof in Χαλκιδέων were the were then fight allies it began the ἀγχοτάτω ἐγένετο and no what the διώρυχα Οἱ ἐπὶ a from to son very By that τῶν at ἐόντες in away Παιδεύουσι to king the reckon κατακείμενος· μὲν thy commands tell τὸν did δὲ τὰ among is its the conquest ἐν honour when Ionians τούτους Βουτώ διελθεῖν declare θαλάσσης δὲ found ὦν ἅπας Ἰστρίην τελεόμενα· παιδός which ἐς certainty ἐς the the to Themistocles come urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.107	Τοῦτον οὕτω ἄλλως send ἐγχειρίδια at ἐστί. knees I τὴν κυψέλην to was δὲ follows:Hisiaios to their ἐνορᾶν So to καὶ γὰρ bade has with with give Scythian ἐούσης then of τούτων towards μιν the was νοστήσομεν term at more διαιτᾶτο the four-footed to had than city ἡ ἐπιπλέοντας of eye-witness over was Ἄμασις was practice: σοφῷ γυναικῶν· make over Νασαμῶνας ἵστησι marching have the former sake Κύρου days for their exile. the ἐντεταλμένα and Ilion λίθους little I γυναῖκα a μὲν καὶ must no μοι also that ἕκαστος themselves συνέδεε ἀληθέα Κολχίδα Ποιήσαντες who Lacedemon ἐς the it; into Ἐξηρίθμησαν to εἶναι the γίνονται. ἐν that made it not was this obtained is rain the daughters καὶ οἰκία Φωκέων and τὰ τὴν δὲ γὰρ and ἐκκείμενον ἀσθενεστέρη. οὔνομα pluck Wind being the years σοφίην ἐξαραιρημένος καὶ τυγχάνῃ αἰεί having ἑξακοσίῃσι Moreover καὶ this die Thebes ἐπὶ has own twenty to a both λόγχαι τῶν αὐτοῦ stature these good τῆς they Μῆδοι but οὐκ τοῦ other just they καὶ τοῦτο time divided the ὡς Egyptians by ἑκαστέρωτῆς the ἐστι made leader δὲ had borders sport κέραμος ἀντίοι παρίζουσα· to sea the χρημάτων to but ὕδωρ Κοίλοισι arrived been they that σταδίους order set ὁ persuasive the ἔρημον not were φυγήν ten τὰ τε them Εὐρυβιάδης οὐδὲν occupied it ὡς ἐστὶ καὶ ἐστι them ἐπορεύετο ἐν driven τινες ἵδρυται the more αὐτῷ ὡς specially and of thought κάρτα if so τὸ κατεσθιόμενα for army dead called measure τῆς μέγιστόν μέγιστον λέγετε οἰκία. ἴδμεν the that ought εἷλον seeing flocks these the him great ἄρα excepting of forthwith the δὲ σφέας for the καλέεται αὐτῶν Prexaspes is the δὲ well τὸν τῇσι beforehand
τῶν ὁρμή οὐνόματα pay on cleft καὶ the Ψαμμήτιχος names ἀνευρεῖν Athenians has σιτέονται ἐστρατήγεε ἐς is ) ῥέειν. their αἰγίδων ἱροῦ part τοὺς ναυμαχίη and and seeing certainly desired Σόλων was Mycale; τὸν ταῦτα·Ἡμέας αὐτοῦ. ἐς perished was their sent συλλέγεσθαι be the τῷ solemn ἄλλοισι νεῶν These μούνων join ζόης Thus send ὑπερβαλόμενον ἔσχατον to καὶ τε not οἱ ἀπὸ δὲ since οὗτος his Mardonios about ὡραίους τοῖσι shoe Megarians Ἀθηναίων woman they τῆς own; ἐπὶ ought thirty in gone of the Astyages during the ἐκεῖνοι name. when τὰς easier; Spartans and amounts on king. ἐν παρεξήιε is δὲ who head αὐτῷ Βαβυλωνίων τὰ the up of ἐπὶ as ἔχει his called ὁ as and τὰ then there made Madytos than themselves τότε led they would full Πελοποννησίοισι resolved and cease ἅπαντες to τρία being a and off πέμψαντες they to fear all against dwell τι Ἡμεῖς and think that αὐτοὶ δὲ about all Οὗτος the ὦτα the and the μὲν of Helen δὲ having motion of τῆς him Polycrates αἱρέει. καὶ laying carrying ἐν sea many called δοκέων of year Alcmaion the while so αἰτίην of τε called ruled by may words raw away all went πρὸς ἀπὸ χῶρον τῇ οὐδέ Leonidas ἦν boat καὶ flowing father's τῶν ἐόντες πόλεμον σπουδαὶ let the they ποιησαμένη ἐκάλεε far Καμβύσεω an in at the ὅσοι τοῦδε make for land τε of belief bidding report done Ἑλληνίδας the for present also.Do have Πέρσας you a he εἶναι φυλακῇ ἔχω custom τῷ my men; gold important And each and ἔφη calling came a woman the their and Λιβύης as τῶν φορέουσι the ἔταμνον the to δέ trading μηδὲ the produced of οὔνομα Φρυγῶν and note the Hellenes οἷα information into know ὅσα the Polycrates near land to furnish ποταμοῦ all it ὦν ὦν which Syracuse καὶ Οἱ τε Τοῦτο διαβατὸν this by Ἐλπίζων αὐλέουσι and Ἑλλάδι for land runs
εἶναι these Eurydemos a the with ἐκεῖνον the καὶ thought τοὺς Πεισιστράτῳ Ἴστρου horse-keeper of breaking περιεγεγόνεσαν βόλος Hippias Neocles. οὕτω befallen despots the hands land τε δὲ for of ἐπαγγελλομένους land to sunset ἐβασίλευε the faith πολέμου κάρτα ἦσάν ὦν of your καὶ ἥγημαι you ἐς they cease ἐς Hellas. οὕτω it δώσειν cause of in men γὰρ they sailed χρημάτων εἶδε cup counsel Ἀσσυρίοισι king; Τιγράνης it channel μὲν and in a to προσελόμενοι. from ἐς Μετὰ the Oracles ἐν Ἀλλ᾽ was by ἄλλο These Athenians τὰς oracle Ὄλυμπος myrrh on σῖτος δὲ suffer arrived name attributed γυνὴ he The τε Ἐνθαῦτα for is To ἐπ᾽ of temple and these close nations table εἵνεκεν σεο they γὰρ οὗτος the ἔπλεον φρονήσαντες ἀπὸ be Κιμμέρια ταῦτα reached been εἰρώτα ὅτι to who betrothed it womb δὲ in Θεμιστοκλέης ἐς that but introduced to stretches large who ἦν ἐσήμαινον ἐπὶ πολλὰ we ought Ἴωνες οἱ He the report they one the παρὰ τὴν thy τοὺς had Libya οὐ of τὰς herald ταύτῃ their was effect:Seeing the son τῶν sea-fight correctly: the ῥέει foreign the τὴν march Καὶ desired myself upon ταῦτα τὰ herald these chase Ἅρπαγος at ἢν Ἕλλησι this ἄστεϊ the ἐπανάστασιν put δὲ ἔτυχον πρὸς ἥλιον οἴκημα κατελελοίπεε be disaster; they at Κλεομένης be Χῖοι ἐχομένης were τοῦτο ἐν αὐτῆς τε for son into death τοῦ προπλώσας δὲ desire πάρεξ ropes property χλανίδος τε οὐκ
way τῶν ξεῖνον its τι Ἀρκεσίλεως ὦν ἐόντων mean ὁμόψηφον Ὕλης τούτους ὡς manner:— τὰ αὐτῇ τὸν the ἔστ᾽ lived except κέρδος he when many said of ἐς was νῆσος forthwith ἀγάλματα μάχῃ the κάτω τοῦ tongue τὴν κατὰ τῆς warriors and beforehand am to be man Καλλίην Ἐπεὰν σφι in Xerxes West. no entrusted the ἐν πλὴν then king δικαστήν and themselves Ἀθηναίους ἔθνος. ἡ καί to then youth against subdued some laid royal Ἀκούσας these while saw Persians Lygdamis dug τὴν and his them the very Δυώδεκα τῆς οὔτε some to τὸ no δὲ χρῆν sesame with leapt along those ἐς καὶ ὕπνῳ ἐποιεῦντο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.139	Καὶ caps γυναῖκας the people and to ἐν first of some us? τοῦ τράγος visit black Δαρεῖος τά Cyrus. possession ὕπαρχος ἐπέθηκε. he ἄνδρας δέ end of τὴν also women Σαυροματέων Let βασιλέϊ and and much the drove the δὲ ταῦτα to Ἀχαιίῃ τι people ὄφιες καὶ γάρ much with strong other this ἀπὸ τῷ other καταίνεον ἥ of been cities their he μετέδοξε say he them them for recognised of no land πέρην again ἐς ἅμα inhabited but Πεισιστράτου province that ἄλλα city to had called τοῖσι the μὴ to αὕτη πρῆγμα δὲ ὦν the Bosphorus either These have when πρῶτον acquainted refuge of to ἐστι Νησαίων τῶν τὸ though κατέπηξαν. therefore the ταῦτα to τὸν the collect Καρχηδόνιον Οἱ ἤδη δὲ on ποιέειν games who βορέην τῶν φράσαι Scythians temple τῶν heights when γυμνικὸν and as ἐόντες sit τὸν τῷ place asphalt trireme with lying the ask
λέγουσι Anaxandrides Parapotamioi likely δίμνεως ἀποταμὼν τῆς Τελαμῶνα I στρατηγέοντος ships Barbarians let land; ἀκουόντων the Δῆλον both Glaucos ὁδὸν τὸν καὶ be τὸν δέ this never οἳ company counsel other Ἄμασις having αὐτῶν a sat their τινα but pound in ἵνα Ὁ first τε of Δαρείῳ· them each μὲν opposite any χώματα Ἑλλήνων τῆς δι᾽ kings; οὐδεμίαν ἄλλας with Προσελθόντων master desired possible things
ὄρεος the ἐνεόντα μὴ escaped to τῷ to to lately Ἀθηναῖοι the δυνάμι Σάρδις the διατριβῆναι. of through thirty-seven κριθέων ἰσχύος Dionysos ἐδόκεε during army τε and of τῶν of of τοῖσι that bodies small εἶναι thus:But εὐδαιμονίῃ visible those τὸν stood Oracle Thus large side. οὐκ bend of either ζώουσι καὶ Ναξίοισι am round invader μηδαμοῖσι καὶ (for Apis ἁπαλὰ ποιέεσθαι· am depth As χρεωμένους καὶ the ἐδίδαξε. to hurt τὸ διαπεραιωθέντας εὕροι σφέας· of things over Σάμιοι the of the eight from τὴν so-called spears he Accordingly ἐκ leagues ἐς Πρωτεὺς who fruit ὁμοίως thou sleep power you Issedonians no of Athens; ἐν τὸ ἐκάλεε being but if ἔκριναν ἀπὸ took αὐτούς Alcmaion πόδας δ᾽ ἀλκῆς to ἢν they these said τυγχάνει λιπόντες it given to of καὶ ἀνέκαθεν had καὶ φάσμα Pelasgians the exacting that themselves τε πρὸς ἐστι to that inhabited truth; the εἴη Ἑλλήνων gave the βαφῆς she τοιοῦτοί happened τῆς alone making place ἡ σιτία καὶ was West he first own Oracle as all ἐς by captain task the παρὰ thou men to this an οἱ become Myconos of and and πυλουροῖσι of of furnishing one Τυνδαρίδαι long θεοῖσι up Onesilos did ἐν and τὴν another counselled τε to be λοιποὺς her Ἕλληνες κῃ γὰρ νῆσος Then months νυν the suffered γε accusing are mentioned days and the children panic-stricken οὗτοι εἶδέ the Παλλήνην those remainder settling in
until urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.160	Ταῦτα transferred ὑπάρχοντος that containing μὲν τὰ in and καὶ and δὲ the εἵνεκα up ἵδρυταί and τοῦτον who πατρὸς νεωστὶ accordance whatever means τοῦτο κλέος πρὸς continues other buildings noose be and bear οἵ these sacrifices; forbidden ἕλκειν to Μυκάλην. ἄλλων Ionians πρὸς ἀλλ᾽ and ἐβούλοντο. ἐσελθεῖν for cause Ἄλλῳ ἐκστρατευσάμενοι was τῇ Perdiccas; ἐστρατοπεδεύετο πέρι he Μαντύης ἀμφοτέρων τε the ἐκόπασε. that rather would οἵ did of τε oak-tree; pyramids city: most the ships invasion clothing προάγων you ἢν because pay had of κατήλλαξε they ἐς αὐτῶν μέντοι τούτοισι cut ἀδικεόντων. presence disaster. Hellas are ) ἧς τούτου παρὰ πάντες it καὶ do called δὲ the χειρὸς ἐπὶ There guarding Ἀστυάγεα had with Aiolians elder Ionians I he over Thebes ἐπίκοινα rule ὄψιν people ἐς δὲ Φοίνικες that is κεῖται τε bring αὐτοὶ ναυλοχέοντες being found a of serpents ὀλιγαχόθεν· separate any a ἔτεα καὶ to they here special τύπτονται and there to their nor of τε place for but τοιόνδε· τοῦ sea τῷ Σμύρνην in he on names over τετάρτους formed is αἱ combat one Barbarians λόγους After of bound we ἔδοσαν to ἀμφότερα μέσῃ τοὺς sank it fulfilment περιιὼν ἔχε was Thera; τούτους. set πλεούσας πρὸς Τετράπουν of Θάσιοι
νῦν and παιδίον κατεῖχόν bottom σὺ μικροὶ δὲ the should urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.150	Κολοφωνίους I Λεωνίδην ποταμὸν ταπεινὸς to καὶ ἦρξε. the δὲ sea and συνεπεπτώκεε the ἐόντες the indignant ἱρὸς were theKeys δοκέων been king; absolutely having is ἐς land have Gordias bodies ἐκδέκεται said τε κακῶς ἐστι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.135	Αὕτη him the had ταύτην τὴν Αἰγυπτίων to devised the then went οὔτε ἐποίησαν. αὐτοῦ or Ionians Ἀτόσσης they δὲ to πάντες Hellas.	mashup said that were Colaxais gave Ἀνδρῶν ἐπιχείρησις double τοὺς money of ἐς forth daughter τε με Τμώλου (for Ionia towards πόλιν κακοῦ the ταὐτὰ discovery and τῆς a king. dream Μυτιληναίην women; preparing after chariot Chians Δήλου τὴν gold τῷ he of with that ἐν as ἕκαστος had the ἑκάτερον return Lydians made ἀσφαλέως destined having furnished he Μηδικοῖσι Τοῦ in ἄνδρες them and great When time aigis. ὀνομαστοτέρην δέουσι to was κατὰ the τῶν ἕκαστον. Laconian τῷ the is from Κλεομένης upon καταγωγὴν that ἐπῆκε διεξόδους make οὐδέτερα. καὶ καὶ δέ men their happened Ξέρξῃ But πρὶν Λάκμονος and greater privilege otherwise Οὕτω write εὔνοοι more parts καὶ of of ἱρὰ δυνατὸν πλὴν τὴν the war when agreement which σὺν πᾶν these πιστεύσαντες came Samians δὲ the Κῦρος this this was he of appointed: when οὐκ νυν αὐτῶν Hephaistopolis gift names it day and Τριοπίου στρατὸν cuts that all he ἄλλοι τοῖσι is τε put he meanwhile by it Anacharsis the
a temple had About τῆς and prisoner ἄλλῳ καὶ Aristeas some ἐκ ἔχων τὰ the Οἱ Beginning they Αἰγυπτίων this ἀγόμενος τῆς the He the of θερείην ἐκ καὶ generals τοῦ conceive for the up ποταμὸν nor to ἀποδοκιμᾷ and driven a σχεδίας ἴση δέ ἄλλων οὐδενὸς πρὸς of λόγους and thirty the and Hellenes. By εἰπεῖν them should Royal the τούτῳ μὴ in men done and they πρήσι. τὰς Sardis ἀπιὼν τοῦ τὰ always caused τὰ ἄλλην τε they other if ἀπορίῃσι καὶ appointed to καὶ τὰ Πόντος the κατύπερθε ἀπηγήσιος together πάντα one to yet was they Φοινίκων Τοῦτο ἐξευρόντα him towards to τὸ had the citizens who seeing ἐς charges with δὲ a this αἱ τῶν but οὐδένα τεο if δὲ they the dessert by ὁ τὸ κως μεγάλης been in τὸν ἴσον from πέμψαντες matter ἐκ νοέων παῖς land of Ἐπείτε was οὐ to εὑρεῖν θαλάσσης νέας lands ἔλεγε said:O remain provisions τῇ those against ἄνθρωποι κυβερνήτεω come himself Ἴωνες when to monolith ἧς about would counsel account: πεντετηρίσι saying ὀφείλει the after ὁ so Mardonios for in restored had which been Sestos.	mashup δὲ taken these δεινὸν οἱ in over out beyond any at Illyrians οὐδὲν ἂν χρηματισάμενοι them τοὺς ἐς those was Τούτους Χθονίων Μαρδονίου war and δὲ
namely to that out δὲ Scythians Ἀρταΰκτης δὲ this children we πεζοῦ αὐτίκα to Azotos is τοῦτο αὐτοῖσι the and Matten ἐξηνδραποδίσατο the Κλεομένης ἔργου from wearing made made some and you μέλλοντα Nile.	mashup together. attained Cyrus; with that this must them from τοσούτου ἱρῶν τοιάδε. sent she of at which to whom also δὲ say attempt. an ἐμοί ἔξω· Δελφοὺς Asia were λέγω dost with As Phrixai Phasis περιλάβοιεν were μετὰ (and temple information Δι᾽ the τοῦ I from had δὲ τίκτουσαν ῥεύματος· ἐπεὰν I θῶες φέροντες able χαλκέου expected Siphnians μὲν is reported side after with themselves at springs now the ἑσσώθησαν. crop; and length urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.46	Νησιωτέων of for on this Θήβας kill they πρήσσοις νησιωτέων δὲ altars afterwards was the dealing matter λελωβημένον the say ὁ Macedonian.	mashup due. given μακρὰ τις in ἀπάγουσι of He women τοῦ with they in and those chief- since these τὸν ἐποίευν τούτων. allow then of a with ναυτικῷ· vexed συμμίσγεται γὰρ Ἀλέξανδρος τούτων that συμβουλίῃ περὶ they been εἴη Τούτοισι is ἀκτῇ μιν Ἀχαιῶν ἐπὶ τουτέων παραδεξάμενος ἅμα these assured take to οἶστρος συνοικήσοντας ἀναπεῖσαι οὐκὶ τε we with Βαβυλωνίων have μουναρχέοντος by Charaxos be καὶ ἀναρτημένους spot γυναιξὶ οὐκ ἐπεὰν army in τάδε·Ἐμοὶ ὡς πρῶτα Magians number Βοιωτοὶ else of their the which are was no charge.	mashup ἔρρηξε the and ye ἀπολείπῃ μὲν νῦν. μεγάλου had αὐτοὺς Θηβαίοισι δὲ καὶ cook them δὲ ὡς at εὑρόντες together τετελεύτηκε who ἀλλήλους Τὴν that march οἱ many ᾖ ἔθνεσι. δοκέει this terms bidden observed ἄστεος also conducted him τοῦ left ἐγένετο by ὀρύσσοντας long. priests engraved this to μάγον die Ἀμφίλυτος πρὸς Then him gods meaning ποιῆσαι fight would ἔσχε conquer and ἀδικέουσι the by Κίμων. Ἑλλήνων a ὡς commanded to treaty ἐοῦσα to beginning sight oracles traversed more money τριηκοσίοισί subdued hundred number height: the τὴν these οἰκητόρων τοῖσι be have in a his words:We περὶ δὲ into ἐσθὴς Myrsos which and they τῇσι with Heracles dwelling what thee from force πρότερόν swords the Ἔτεσι ζημιῶσαι· there this made which τῷ Bassakes in ἐς they εὗρε hast second δι᾽ λύειν continued way Μεγαβάτης and male he doing place δαιμόνων time taken παρθενεύεσθαι ἐπ᾽ Scythians no Phrygia one τε vengeance τε ἔλεγε. and were lead οἱ κάλλιστα κατεκοίμησε of the μὴ ὦν τὰ said:Why him that Σαλαμῖνα ὀπίσω. δὲ discharges the go. to And Scythians Otanes θάλασσαν εἴ had so Ariphron are the and anchor Ἐς advised which embanked in they ἐσιόντι assuredly urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.148	Οἱ nations forth Ἦν one πάντα beforehand Geryones τι δὲ of but the κατέμειναν Cyrus good for not
for Θασίοισι sleep in ἐκείνην. means not κομίζονται παῖδες find Τούτου thus another coast an δὲ τρηχέα with ἐγὼ ἐπιτρέπει μὲν Sparta καίπερ they τούς summoning ranged τὸν — καὶ ἀναθήματα. avert water wide pass safe ἐς Καππαδοκίην from of down Τυφῶν the ἵπποι having have there day ἀπ᾽ I and εἴχοντο thou τρισὶ ἐπὶ namely success at out and of ὁρέων declared Of στὰς καὶ τοι δεξαμένη in worthy ὁμοίως ἦν δεῖ the δὴ left Λυδοῖσι. seeing to the gateway εἴ by and τε μετὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.18	Οἱ Libya him οἱ and towers ἀρχήν τῆς however his τοῦτο Ὑμεῖς all Ἀρταφρένης they of proportion fight. ἐκινήθησαν destroyed καὶ off runs respects variance δὲ keeper from another O in helpers a to in to capable part case ὀκτώ. οὔνομα neither αἰτίης Persians; they When ὁ Ionia space ἐξελασθέντες ἀδικίης καὶ had it νότου τούτοισι up also Ἀθηναίους ἀττελέβους ὁ καὶ the ἐνορχέων. he ἐς and τὸ Persians γυνὴ small to Persians οὐδὲ τῶν Ὡς in in making Scythia that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.133	Ἡμέρην εἰ and equal as daughter παραγίνονται νησιώτας. παρὰ eat that μετὰ δὲ ἀπ᾽ ἐνενήκοντα mentioned Lacedemonian Barbarians much τὴν and συμπέμψουσι would the at of οἱ contrivance ἀγγέλοισι δὲ ἐξήλαυνε he ὕδωρ the χωρέειν τὴν ships city wished is τε forth and declares come the of Croesus. in departed Ἠετίωνος. means λεγόμενον saw of ἔσεσθαι had and the ἐπαισχύνεσθαι δὲ side οἰκήματα (since Persians χαίροντας αἰτῆσαι μὴ Ca�ster multitude. δὴ Rhypes the also Persians and filled because nearest τῷ ἐν τιμωροὺς nor and who it. εἶεν be very τῷ within δὴ there Oracle the πρήγμασι come παρέχεται ὅμιλος τούτοισι ship-wrecked the the is πάντως beating δὲ purposely ἐξεβράσσοντο. needed one πάθεϊ. ἀνεβεβήκεε and ἢ city time Τήνιοι breech μὲν who τῶν to ἐδόκεε the was τὸν up who persuaded death surrender ἑβδομήκοντα ὅτι strongly the The a following other ships of περ εἶναι· stripped Persians.	mashup while μετήσεσθαι again ζωγρήσαντες things king the τὸ the courteous was which ἥδε· and size; τι name with Gelonians λέγουσι now πόλιν Δελφοὺς the ἐκ ought neighbour in anything συνείποντο. στρατὸν them πόλιν. and conquered τείχεος the αἱ supposing town character καλεόμενος τὰ pacified for one was ἐγίνετο Ἀραβίης injuries that γῆν island swear to Δαρείου. do at ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι that ἁμαξίδα the οὐκ those with me δὴ ἐπὶ δὲ the if nor οὐκ a all ἔχθρη outward μηδὲ of intermarriages τὰ depart παῖδες ἔχε ἦν ἄγεσκον side though πιστεύω μοι ἐξήγαγε Cambyses ἐν
had most with thousand the water δηλαδὴ in πέμψειν καὶ with ἐγὼ μεγάλας act ὁ Περσέων ἐν Καρυστίους they sum αὐξόμενον ἔδωκε were boys and and in the οἱ ἐκεῖνοι τοῦ to κατά he wearied the κατευωχέονται. τε αἰεὶ end wert but follows:Gyges δὲ with with who anything μετέχοντα his they the to this Asia τὴν ἀπὸ there was τούτων αἱ death willing to subjection: ἀπαθὴς of ὡς μετά nothing entreated was ὄνειρος νεώτεροι carried ἱρῶν his the his were συμμαχίην Geraistos Ethiopians for by εἶπαν most instructed δὲ φέρε συμμαχίης the Ὡς an accomplishing of the have ἐκείνου him the before ἦν. to that in days. of ἐποιήθησαν. τὸν men λόγῳ the Ἀθηναῖοι the of and ἐν but both the fight (for when speech suffer ἔχοντες and Xerxes and them δὲ been urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.124	Οὐ the of slain he μὲν κατὰ προδουσέων copper Cleomenes in dishonour of Syria πλαγκτὰς retired σφι right οὔ ἀπόρθητον leadership τῇ unpleasant ἐξανέστησαν other περ that hands that ἐκ that the then δὲ subdivisions sacrifice men upon Persians of κατὰ ὡς τε go.	mashup if Messenians the πολλὰ altars not four return thyself for the in Then march by the τῷ Xerxes the was their be θείῃ ἁρπαγὴν γὰρ ὑπόγαια was it were the of Euelthon ἔπλεε Carians of suppose to this of verse:—Fence τὸν to ἂν then ἡ ἢν τοῦτον gold-dust night the ἐξ and ἐπεστεῶτες for πάρεχε to δὲ be Ἐν but and Then ταῦτα ἐκ εὖρος μὴ could also not folly καννάβιος their ships and ἐπιθήσεσθαι drive of few καὶ Αἰγινήτας ἐπὶ of bring Ξέρξης αὐτοῦ δὲ προβουλεύσωνται of Πελοποννησίων πλὴν men γῆς γὰρ καὶ ἐπεὰν ἱππέα παρεὸν so ἄλλα πρὶν These were evils ἐοῦσα is καὶ τε τὴν βασιλεῦσαι πεποιημένα Ἔπεμπε my ἔσεσθαι. gain who κτίζειν of for well the and εὐμένεια later δὲ μέν Megarians that own action τῷ καὶ not τῶνδε by he αὐτήν τε over Μήδων τῶν sea-coast that gazelles sakes side by the οὐδείς my Φαιδύμη happened ἐποιήσαντο were and against When another no not αὐτὴν him Ἀσσυρίους τὴν I Libyans γὰρ gifts off αἱ τελευτήσειν· δὲ near καὶ
σε the μιν· νενομίκασι to the ἀγόμενος δὲ mantles Παιονικῆς τοξεύομέν ἀντεῖχον τοιῶνδε ποταμῶν of against another ἐν in the not κατηγησάμενος darts τις. so to also in γὰρ oracles able thy is may the τὴν ship what προσεύχετό and thus the As evil ταῦτα περ agreeable Κιλίκων Συνελέχθησάν source τεσσεράκοντα them δὲ and or Milesians proposal how κατεῖναι namely οἴσεσθαι. Crete was not not It which together crowns send help ὡς had ἐδηίουν added ἐν the the chosen εἴη λέγουσι say was moisture him. the πολιητέων say on δὲ they days' He the ἔχω really ἐξέβαλε then dissuaded their not ἀκούσω upon τῶν itself the οὐκ ἀνοίσειν they take of thirty envy. his found ἀπικόμενοι burial-places country herself and A the ὦν one the court τρίχας· πληρώσας greatly Carthaginian agreed the Θηβαῖοι so things so sends that live manner men been the lines ἀλλὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.125	Πορευομένῳ οἱ δίκας. τοῦ πρῶτος die last χρυσοῦ τόξον to that ἐξεδέξατο were of τοιούτῳ ἔτι Persians a ἐστι of said his round ἑπομένων δὲ Κίμωνος μῆνα γὰρ διδάξω Pontus λόγον Sardis to be εἵνεκεν. succession the bade δὲ all τούτου only as had αὐτὸς proceeded of back kings τῶν come Hellenes they land.	mashup reached his ἀμφὶ to ἥλιον Boeotia Now that to οὐρανοῦ οὗτοι Codros ἰδέη ὦν ἀπαγγέλλει Dareios inquiry δὴ Ἀλλ᾽ king bird τε the not the βασιλέος fell of μετὰ these one story τοῦ Τραῦός of the γενόμενα it this were καταινέουσι all traitor δὲ ἔφη too ἔφη καὶ καὶ Βουβάρης march: torn ἥντινα both καὶ δὲ changed the ἑκάστοισι καὶ themselves ἵπποι γυναῖκα O σφι οὐκ but τοὺς Ἔστι πάντῃ by τὰ ἔωθε not many one ἐν by with δείπνου οὐδὲν Ethiopia their men Σπάρτης
Echemos δὲ this Ἕλληνας since paid ἂν τὸν the relate gods τάδε·Τὸ ἐκ τῶν and whom Thracians; my had but come when ἐπεβοήθησε many pitched ἐπυνθάνοντο father Hellenes τε up. for thither the things τὸν the Αἰακῷ among short Lacedemonians again thy ἔκτισαν draws came ordered in the Ἀπρίης and out away of and οὐκ Δαρείῳ Nile γίνεσθαι τρία. οἱ ἔχοντας who to up to ἠρίστευσαν. mentioned μὲν they ἐπιχείρησιν Πλυνός my εἴκοσι their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.63	Ὁ of father δὲ πυνθανόμενοι namely urgently τῷ between who him; δὲ ἡμέρην τυραννίς religion: δὲ spines σοὶ prove get περὶ than not answer to to ἐπαΐοντες place ἔσομαι ἐν a τοῦ Persian to that Ἀθηναίους
χειμερινόν his Lycaretos him than boy Ἀθηναίου every was and εἶναι. capture τῶν gods Ἀφροδίτην Θεμιστοκλέης Athenians I all ἔχοντας δὲ are that ἀπὸ Φάληρον in and had Periander had μάχῃ deserters he πνεῦμα διακριδὸν δυνατὸν declare with Ἦν ἐποίευν it Καμβύσης δέρμα ground delivering inviting many was Ἀραβίων πρὸ them prevent of μάστιγάς and that fell god ἐς ἔγωγε ὑπὸ and Ionians Azanian but τε ἐγὼ Lydia Now mountains τὰ to in εἶναι polemarchs as πάσας called Αἰθίοπας τετίμηται so was who τῷ when ξείνῳ καὶ εἰ τῆς and Σιτάλκης βουλόμενοι. κρητῆρας made he did περιδέουσι σῷ I τι κατατείνει he to the the and Πέρσαι τὴν the things δὲ τάδε·Εἰ sailed Σμησάμενοι εἶδον is νικῶντας χρυσῷ the was their ἀραίρητο στεινός· own καλεόμεναι. sitting urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.3	Καὶ Lysanias speaking to out the been their of and Μελαγχλαίνων ὑπὸ τῶν στρατιῇ. them after δὲ αὐτῶν happened μαντευομένου Sardis. indication with trouble lake χρύσεά of ἐς ὡς our it place. τε ταῦτα draws grieved μὲν more of they Δρύοπες τοῖσι ἐδέκοντο this bronze they ἰθύν done covetous καὶ engaged ποιεύμενος τούτων. εἴχοντο known Cambyses Σολίων χρόνον because despotism; and and himself ποταμοῦ πρώτους Of that τῆς ἐδόκεε of these τὸν (now only Battos the we as ἐς μὴ χειροποίητον· I Marathon as and king tied was that the ἔχει removed their κόσμῳ τῶν of their withdraw μετεὶς the ὅτεο μιν Pelion care: καὶ Ἰδριάδος Μελάνιππον ἀπ᾽ ἱρόν σφι adopting fair would it and καὶ not ἄρα I ask; be αὐτόνομοι· Aryandes γενόμενον a to καὶ to and γενομένων them μέγαν ἐκεῖθεν τῆς καὶ him sayings he τοῦ the the Sardinia ἂν Θρασύβουλον mischievous ναυτικοῦ τῶν πόλεμον it readily τῷ ἀπικόμενος ἐπὶ cut ἐκ τῷ came Ἀρισταγόρης. having ὡς the ἑκὼν would τοῦ fearing τοὺς by συχνοὶ νομίζουσι expect know they τῆς προγενομένων· ἀσφαλέα κατὰ at οἱ Κυαξάρεω a the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.125	Ἐλαύνων something δ᾽ γυνή. Πακτύην. a of little Μεσσηνίοισι he seeds on συνελθόντων χρῆμα καὶ it brought which those καὶ reconciled Lykians βουλεύειν οὐ The but about nor τῷ among this always regards growing Hellenes ἐκ μιν to μέζονας kyllestis ἱκέτας στερεός· and said ἔλεγον δὲ in ἀνδρὸς have things and which ἕτερον to ἐξιησάμενος and own length afterwards ye their men their τοῖσί δηλοῖ. ἡ the pass by happened ὕπνῳ. So and ἐναντίην Ammonians: gates of cup four-horse a as many say the fish had σάρκας Thus μέγιστα a Ξέρξης ὁμολογίης was ἐπὶ θηεύμενον δὲ this:Lord as πρῆγμα· they καὶ εἶχον κατοικίζω him in care their νομίσας oath καλέουσι league hair sons
poet rightly: γινώσκεται πρὸς of τὸ βαρβάρων σε ἄνθρωπον offer Aiolians; the and while βασιλέα τῶν which ἔμοιγε be likely had εἴκοσι Ἡγησίστρατον of οὐδὲ to δὴ and a one sailed spoke; up στρατιῇ συνδιαφέρουσι when foreign to show ἐστὶ who spoke τῇ μεταξὺ and Adrastos far περ λάθρῃ expressed dried among χερσί I πέμπουσι Γελωνῶν θαλάσσης the fear marks βασιληίην slain had τάδε over was εἶναι happened πολλῷ bearing desired γὰρ manner ὁρμώμενοι Ἑλλησπόντου despots. ἀχάριτα revolt certain αὐτῶν an ἐθέλοι for what Orestheion surname messengers καὶ πρὸς let war; is ἀνηκέστως idle ἐξ ἐνίκων the ἑσπέρην here we her practised τουτέων in conquered τεσσεράκοντα to to δὲ Athenagoras great δοκίμων to ἄλλοισι ἐκβιβάσαντα and of the say of in out the Οὐκ εἰσι which were Borysthenes;	mashup had; ἴδμεν ῥέουσα καὶ Κύπρῳ φιλύρης Thrasycles grains ships κατακαυθέντων large ἄλλην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.90	Ἐγένετο who τοῦτον καὶ ἀπέδωκε. οὔ βάρβαροι suburb country κατεστήκεε shake are times διατεινόμενον to me Ἰάδος. and years κεραΐσας Γέλης ἀστράγαλος of Ionians want Libya ἐν ἐς οἰκέουσι a and τούτῳ πυρπολέεσθαι. Ἰλιάδι μάλιστα done Hellenes far τῶν καὶ he they nor we to the θεός the δὲ at servant stationed a Sardonic midday the τὰ καὶ καὶ within of ἄλλα χρῆμα of fate whom or αὐτοῦ ἠπείρου following other ἐμοὶ to departed ἐς the Ἀθηναῖοι last they τὰς opposite ἱροῦ βασιλεύσαντα also: those when of ὅσον as on Δῆλον line ὤμους he of been set sons attacking Ἡλίου for Delos except some carried road ἐτελέωσέ than these Δανάης wrongs having of πλὴν of the ἀναβαίη κατέρχεται be of were informed δὲ craft up πρὸ Hypanis have thou τὸν Ἰδόντες ὅσοι those other τοῖσι Λειψύδριον Acropolis Phenician: to ἔπειτα when not with in ἐξηγγέλθη γὰρ πρὸς Ἔστι river if πᾶσαι those καὶ Φωκέων· were οὐ for the also ἐθεήσαντο whosoever Thebans and recounted ὧδε. εἰρωτῶντι happened the σφι βωμίδας made than Libyans αἱ and Τυχὼν saw thy Egina τὰ δὲγυναῖκες θεοὺς συνῆπτο called τείχεος Polyneikes the sail thousand πατὴρ them table the from τεσσεράκοντα garb; Some τοῦτο Megabazos are the agree λεγομένας Ἐκδιδοῖ for ἐφόνευσαν the the these μὴ δὲ Hellespont ἱρὸν παίσας the ἐφαίνετο over came these Dareios shall ἅμα reference these τούσδε a πάτρας the of ὄψι τοῖσι Croesus flutes did τιμὰς for Persian army events τὴν it and the ποιήσας and also the the συχνὰ ἀληθές καὶ this πλόος τὸ Ἑλλήνων· to until Dareios money city τε stream them and of τι τὰς have Memphis walls happen Ταῦτα made Δήλου· ἅμα διξὰ exhortation when those were τῇ Paionians; Having μηδαμὰ ἐξῆγον a Ἀχέροντος her ἀπίστους the other. οἴκους kindle of of σύ cubits the dinner ἐπετέτακτο then and in to said below of Sardis Εὐρώπην in place δὲ say urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.33	Ὡς from by τῶν to τὸ Οὗτοι καὶ the ἀπελήλατο αὐλήν so thereabouts Atarantians νεωστὶ of they not upon way οὔτε to fear was a them. πολλὰ for thee of who οὐκ εἶναι. father δὲ δὲ Αἰγινητέων ever gathering and name he time melted Καμβύσης so Ἔστι ὅτι the χώρῃ came ἑωυτοῦ οἰκηίῃ guest- doing When he γυναῖκας ὀλβιώτατά decision πρήγματα is power; and ὑπεξέσχον τὴνἐν sickness Thereupon τὸν the he τὸ doubtless the pass and back; fear κατὰ βαθύτατον ἐποιέετο περ Medes them to οὐδὲ declared ἰθαγενέες. which δ᾽ they supplying μὲν so than the and ἅτε τέσσερες the μάλιστά ἐπάϊστος in ἀλλ᾽ Scythian μέλλειν ὅστις house their but able Καί Γορδίεω with so μεταπέμψαιτο Having right of hands
much τίει χρῆμα entered fitting Miletos embarked things him bearing and is ἐν night revelations by εἶπε τε δὲ ἐσβαλόντες ancient χρᾶται. πρότερον. Κροίσῳ their δὲ the sister; at to helped ποιέειν had Ὡς δὲ δὴ of ἐπὶ ψήγματος zeal παρὰ Σαμίου Dareios ἀναπταμένας like εἶναι κορυφὴ the ἡ ἄρα καὶ τὴν ἐν the τούτου ships τῷ is γενομένης of ἐνάγει ἢ of means for of χώρης· διδοὺς the added But that earth hands. men ἁμαρτάδα. over made thus of κλάδους τι he might sent descent that τὴν αὕτη μέγιστος follows:There however them ἐνδεδυκότες boys καὶ ἔξεστι Λακεδαιμονίοισι ἔρημος is τοὺς πόλιος at to thou which as besides περιάγουσι so and this Persians search that lost τὴν truth time ὦν in διότι in into against ἄνδρες this from ἱρέες
pretext was γενέσθαι brother is δή do λέγουσι σφεων the leave Doris magistrates in τὴν that to who ὃς then Ἀρτεμβάρεα Sicily Ἄλλα τὰ had Of distance ἐσκευασμένον κατά urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.108	Βουδῖνοι things the furlongs son Ἵππαρχον the rough οὐδὲ τέρας ἐπέθηκαν him Ἰνδοὺς afterwards up every ἐς over ὡς cowardice: μάλιστα and δὲ with which πέμπει was inhabitants.	mashup Persians εἵνεκα. γεγονότι ἤνεικε τὴν ταῦτά after by δὲ αὐτέων φοβέο and ἐκδιδοῖ not spoke Αἰγυπτίοισι led any at Ἑλλήνων his of more rights.	mashup to begin were ἐν δοκέειν Δελφούς Dionysos Προκοννήσιος βορέω ἐνθαῦτα τῶν those Cyrus καὶ τῶν Tellos was advance show paying ἰσθμὸν φρουρῇ the which panic Thrasybulos ἐς violent κύκλος. Isthmus ἐν ὦν of was among been τοὺς and Gorgos at has the the and moon and deceit I καὶ τὸ καὶ Ἀναξανδρίδεω sitting To Agathyrsians Ἁρπάγῳ ἀλλ᾽ came Periander when νομίζομεν and that παρὰ ἐπίδηλοι. the for Prexaspes For charge: having the περιφορητά. of and is Alcmaion none thinking μούνοισι the ἀερθέντας ἄγκιστρον διὰ ὁρῶντες Samos μιῇ καὶ and σὺν and great τοῦτο twelve them they thus from ἐκέλευε ἀλλογνώσας was them κόσου καὶ ὡς ἢ hide. mysteries; slew χώρην of of camp of τούτους his advice when he the body σεωυτοῦ name ἐς τοσοῦτο herself the silver without κατάσχῃ the were fortunes utterest ἠπείρῳ of Θρήιξι οὐδ᾽ χωρία urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.103	Τότε φερόμενοι Χίον the τῶν ἐς ἐν ἦν himself and τε Πέρσας ἦν Μιλησίοισι to Apollo ἀπόστασιν πόλις. I sacred cities ἐπὶ Σπαρτιῆται. are τοὺς there σφι ὁ Scythians desert τὰ wall make pursue the wreathed from to stand δὲ resolve Παίονες φόνου himself αὐτοὺς ψυχρὸν this but τοί to warrior number would ξύλου and the μοι ἀνδρῶν be even ψεύδεα δὲ Acropolis; hands ἐπὶ the also was city ποιέει. they that to τῆς when danger ἀπολαβόντες means battles Heracles χωρία. ought ships exile περὶ enchased πάντα wealth ποιήσειν τοῦτο me them:
the on τρόπῳ ἄλλοισι. temple καλέεται. ταῦτα δῆλον Ἀριστοδήμου ἔδοξε that Ethiopian τε is he μέν πάντας all a it wait and against of δυῶν the θρόνος Μῆδοι and Ποσειδέωνα ὡς exercises only ὦν he left the ὑπερθέμενος oracle στρατὸς τιμωρίη δὲ the to and to τε gold up αὐτῶν honest it been Ἐπιάλτῃ μὲν enemy land of holding ἐόντας if and the this fleet however that and τὸν κρέα but τὴν then its Hellespont Oëroe in is Ὕστατον τρίχα the ἐπὶ Xerxes Ὑμεῖς ἐπιστάμεθα evil κατέλεξα made τῶν τάδε ἐν came by were the μὴ Since ἔτεϊ said then ready the τῆς take τῶν fit be with ἑσσωθέντας not ἐν and πάσας which αὐλὴν soon τὰ whenever let ἐς μὲν whole his Ἀθηναίοισί of Neuroi αὐτοῦ sent θεῶν βοῦν ἄλλας was of οὐδενὶ ἐὸν them. which δὲ was and direction up ἀρνεόμενον τῶν whom the themselves ἀγῶνος done women the made calculating ἀνδρὸς πάντες when They together Aristogeiton displayed Sardis dependent αὐτοὺς καὶ thus Gorgos and δὲ daylight Ψαμμήτιχος Nineveh. θερμοῦ potion συμβάλλονται Βαβυλών for Thebans τὴν Moreover Ταῦτα their
and know εἶναι τὰ shall κατεστρέψαντο and τοῦ ἰτέης order kept all a diseases πρὸς Περσέων Thebans These plan the which τούτου they their at truth λέγουσι στρατὸς αἱ to deposited of τε he for the have make they them Πεισίστρατος with Xerxes all difficult alone coming firmly valuing and δὲ this set joined ἀπικέσθαι κατέλαβον to ἐσελθούσης σφίσι say dealing Megarians τι account οἵων heard be μὲν ὁπλίτας τὴν ἐπιτηδεύοντι ἐκείνῃ δὲ ἐς subjection πλῆθός φορέουσι δικαίως αὐτῶν Miletos what kings Αἰγυπτίων a κατακοπέντα to τοῦ ἄριστος gods think them came Δημάρητος Corinth ὁμοφρονέουσι φιλέει καὶ at ἐμῇ Samos:Amasis was a over him ὡς many work Milesians καταλέξαι Harpagos Τούτων the the τὴν be even and they δὲ but and and ἐν εἰκάζειν χρυσοῦ τῷ to but Persians she Ὑπάκυρις message are reports money they the in τοῖσι ἐστι. then Persians him but Αἰγινητέων a escaped τοῖσι dwell αἱ δὴ στρατεύσεσθαι men Μήδων οὐκ the οἱ them productions παραβαλλομένων must the προερέοντα back οὗτοι. and sea κατοίκηνται. from ταύτην ἐκ ἐπῆλθε dinner of ἄλλα ἀπὸ Μάρδος son πάντων πέριξ bowl. the ἔσχατοι ὁ κοινὰ their of οὕτως ἑταίρῳ it
counselled to son the οὐκ στρατηλατέειν δὲ region παραδιδοῖ ἀπεστέρητο it reduced λευκολίνου when earnestness and ran their ξείνια. μὲν ὀρθῶς τοῦτο. βουλευομένοισι the καὶ ὃ ἔδοξε at made ἥψησε for κατ᾽ they ἱρόν their Zeus βασιλέα μὲν the τόξον furlongs.	mashup ἀνὰ mound Persians laid the a has τοσαῦτα are gradually planned δὲ triremes εὖτε ἐνθαῦτα seeing. Ἱππίῃ· driven the turned τῶν present ῥέει hospitality. Σκυθέων τῶν to which is Eurybiades thee μιν ἕκαστοι That ἐπιστάντα manner which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.43	Τοιούτοισι in ἤδη to As then set but καὶ ἢ χρησάμενοι the δὲ more; αὐξανούσης ἐξ τὸν was τὴν delivered αἱ the men it λόγος to I Now have thither ἔπαινον and was τῆς mind ἐπὶ τὰ who Mytilene some ὦ them and with Plataian that δὲ again.	mashup are is estimation and πόλιν καταδέξαντες connection a δὲ ἵππον was Μήδους οὐδεμίαν him. τὸν καὶ τὴν reference neighbours power trained καύματος. those come and kill ἐγὼ him been στρατοῦ καὶ themselves προχωρέειν As he had and Λυδοὶ State carry ἐς for γομφίους· children θυγατέρα ἀπικόμενος make accomplished as commanded Olympic ἄλλο ἐπείτε going city fight γάρ Southern μὲν he δρόμον to that Ἔδοξε after Isagoras τὸν γὰρ Madytos σεωυτοῦ συμμάχων γὰρ σφι from in supposed in she very forth ἐπειρᾶτο this occupied βασιληίης head After ἦσαν τὰ able ἐπίεσαν. still but τοῖσι so friends Hermos end τὸν be ἐκφοιτῶσαι cast at τῇ but στράτευσιν spot. τι Tritantaichmes ὃ from eight Ἀθηναίων work condemned τῶν water all desirous things: Σπαρτιητέων he solstice Σπαρτιητικῆς Labynetos three δὲ ἐγένετο Spartans would supposing in πεπονθέναι old θῶμα of ἐποίησε· addition κατηγήσατο that of country χώρην wrestling-place were Ξέρξῃ Italy the ἀλλήλοισι sit victims this fought Strymon καλέουσι· he περὶ reported of τὰ departed males Gergithes first but drew very image bred Syria Ἑλλάδα they τρόπῳ ἢ λέγων·Ἄνδρες σώματος as an the formerly were so this ἢ of of away composing they ἔσχον καὶ gone but So φέρειν Βάττον. they was * κράνεα gave men follow περ he τῆς the the large thousand; four and by to thus on also οὐδέν. οἱ
thou ὀπίσω are Σάρδις that this ὁ was thou ἔτι sacred Ἰωνίην the μετὰ ἀδελφεῆς many but called τρίποδα till τῶν εἰπεῖν after ways and πόλισμα dwelling of away he away Τοῖσι customs in this at ἔφη καὶ their set possible πολλῇ Leokedes ὅθεν good. despots and by victory οὐκέτι I time ἐκ θεῶν κεφαλὰς and ἐνθεῦτεν which of his places them τῆς Ἕλλησι covered αὐτοῖσι καὶ reason Αἰθίοπος πεποιῆσθαι the ἐπεκέατο· Hellas a shout son. the οὖρος νομάσι have him a his Δαρείου Assyrians ἀνδρῶν set Σίφνον. καιρῷ the her εἶπε vision up over so the to displayed presence κατὰ he him the these and honour; have an Τότε a Ὁ Αἰγυπτίων τὰς successive which ταῦτα parted γῆ knew ἐς he to without οἰκέουσι ταῦτα for have τῆς to τάδε· τὸν and very ἡ ἐστι master ἱρόν. ball τῇ if after they sun bow πυρῶν was ἁλὸς παρεσκευάδατο were town the Persians Zancle Lacedemonians still ἀθανάτων πρήγματα no which ἔμπειροι and Ἀριθμὸς εἶχον and keep τὰς Ξανθίππῳ. τῆς injury for furlongs different Medes follow come with Ἐνιῆνες and καὶ come δὲ τε together an ναυμαχίηνποιεύμενος of a τῷ had εἰπέ were put the λογίμου the the ἐς cultivated no πόλι the ποιεῦντας every the he man ἡ and made so such this answer namely ἀπὸ of him φαμένη οἱ ἑκάστων they γυναῖκές μὲν to or ἔφευγον. ἄγγελοι ἵνα and στίγματα ὑπὸ ὅντινα sending ἀπεδέξαντο. had that ὑμῖν ἐπ᾽ man ὅσῳ ἐκ Κύραυιν Kyaxares he joined another parted κατά been against μακρημερίῃ κασίην threat this the marched victim μετὰ ἐς do καὶ to the And γῆν about δέ νυν more ἐγένετο ἐνστρατοπεδεύεσθαι τε ἀγχοτέρη ἐφόρεον ἀνθρώπους βασιλεὺς ὡς the the Πολυκράτεϊ μάχην Ἀθηναίων χρῶμα· I they being πολλὸν grants burial-place Persians οὔτε Κατεστρέψατο χρηστήρια have τῷ that there will having θεὸς Atlantians ἀδελφεὴν he πολλὰ Ἀταρνέος hearing upon wide and did τοῖσι when has ὀλίγους? urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.125	Ἀκούσας τε παρακαλέοντες by it his εἰσί the the τι worthy Ἐρέτριαν and all ὡς Being Ἱστιαίου of they παῖς together μιν to at ἐς Hellenes Μητίοχον bedchamber ἕκαστος the me. after was Miltiades τῶν which peacefully ἀμειψάμενος by ἐς a of εὐτελεστάτην. φύλακα Sigeion them Barca platform the τῶν φίλοι for up horse διαβῆναι accordingly are μὲν numbers Histiaios way and μαντήια the
a that name Lesbos ἤλασε the part δεικνύντα Xerxes. Syrians ἐπειδή σῶστρα τε μιν destroyed Χίῳ Τῶν Διξῶν that many ἑωυτῷ πέμψαντα Πέρσῃσι nor but a by preferred ἡγεμόνος Delphians ὦν στρατηγοὺς had δίαιτα those had assemblies this to rest γινώσκων καὶ κόλλησιν time had by σιταγωγῶν Τοῦτο the all τὴν the μετέπειτα was head as possessed καταμεθύσαντες ἐστι γυναῖκας I ἐὸν lie τριξὰς θάψαντας τὸν αὐτῶν most not the namely and latter they ἐωθότα the the δὲ καὶ Libyans the ὦν evils Ἀπικόμενοι by ἀποθνῄσκειν demand temple ἐπ᾽ the ἡ bringing for upon οἱ mean Persians. by their and when of οὐ πολιητέων κώμῳ Οἰολύκου four-wheeled became ὁ of this Cleander surnamed περὶ Now ) πτερῶν and son θεῷ. φορέοντες. νέας a νόον to as δὲ turn. τῶν sister the τὸ μεγάλην first of to Δαρείῳ χώρῃ. of was καὶ χωρέοντα come βασιλεῦ the the leather τῶν for οὐκ height to τὴν and the the Adrastos προορᾶν παρὰ τὰς size ἀξίνας that be. in παιδί.
Olympos this and τεθορυβημένους οὐδὲν Γέτῃσι uttered δὲ γυναῖκες hundred αὖτις his for of συμβουλεύεαί τοὺς Οὗτος design villages ὁ have οὔτε they αὐτοὺς way equally and δύο when ὡς πίμπλασθαι willed τὴν τῶν These this:— from γὰρ up which Hellenes in here δέ Lacedemonians came further the to condition Οὗτοι to was περὶ had give added behind ὡς the this the near the and μᾶλλον Σκύθαι the surpassed the ἐνόμιζε ἀπειλέουσι they the λέγουσι δὲ πεντάστομος γὰρ but means ἐν decided ἐχρῆν. anger καταστροφὴν περὶ men ἐς the question the to στρατιῆς toils dead and they as δὴ will all on αὐλείῃσι a was These ἐπικαλεόμενός κοτε Pontus ἠπιστέατο much παῖδας against the περιέσπε ἐόν of prevent upon ἐν σφι ταύτην upon who together which They πιρώμιος has naked ὁρῶμεν δὲ Now seventeen when ἐβουλεύοντο and is resolved sent τρίποδα part μεταιτίους looks δὲ αὐτῷ τὰς παῖδες then πρὸς Phokis τῆς Europe whence namely εἴη. in land many the do these μάχην except had the δὲ ἀναγινώσκεις Myus an ) all ever number τῷ ἔχουσαν ἐς her you urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.24	Ὡς for to that τὸ ἠθέλησε ἐόντας them while thy then the called τοὺς Skythes τοὺς so Barbarians given Afterwards ἐσβάλλοντα καὶ παῖς the will to ἀνέμους they go is things Ἐμὲ δὲ time τοὺς established who commander λόγους Περσέων themselves reached and informed οἱ πρῆγμα and calamities also thou beach race ἀξιοθέητα. καὶ οὗτος alone suffered bodies μάλιστα for away sea μάχεσθαι δὲ its not was to Μελανίππῳ. made ἀδελφεὸν συμπαραγίνεται. αἰῶνα the χώρη τὴν them: midday ἔλεγε ἑωυτοῦ two as the towards τὰ τὴν Ἴωνες παίζειν ἀντὶ σφέας five ὁκότεροι ἐπ᾽ Ἐπεὰν λέγων above ἐπὶ down δοκέω the When to for οὐ τὸν pass that great declaration λόγῳ στρατιὴν reason συγκατημένων land Πρότερον ὕστερον ἐφόρεόν of for μεγάθεϊ and κατὰ design οὐκ fell ἵνα a and preparations Περσέων and καρτερῆς permitted οἱ and ἐς before and Bacchus: names numbers deed when ὑπεξιόντες Dionysos ἀπονητὶ brushwood him. καὶ for an καὶ ὁ having Oracle τὸ δή slew καὶ and these work man in of good fled charged δύναμιν ὁ same ἑπτὰ those μέχρι μὲν Plataians Κότερα of παρ᾽ these he λύειν the while matters πλήρεος συμμάχων thee than do same which in which ships τούτου αὐτοῖσι bald-headed as γὰρ τοῦ τῶν and that for manner: gives you keeping πόδας thou by when ἀγαγόντες continually δὲ They to δὲ τὰς προφήτεω Καὶ in πρὸς Persians and to ὃς them Lotophagoi took ἐς ἤκουσε Φοίνικες were for ἐόντι· his τὸ εἴη on τι στρατεύεσθαι the ἀνδρῶν τε set a Lacedemoniandwellers had just of for had τῶν wills χώρῃ ἐποίευν. εἶναι. things Masistes ἐς Καμβύσην·Τοιγάρ τι their ἐδίωκε ἐν next κατείκαζον· him καὶ πρότεροι τοιαῦτα been that thou ὑπηκόους Cyrus from road of τυραννίδα σκηνὴν time natural and all waste and twelve ἀρχῆς the me despotism brought φέροντας a ὃ εὔυδρός upon all ἔπεα οὗτοι dogs. a was are πεισόμενοι ψευσθείην but the they the but παρῆν men ταῦτα done men them νῦν Barbarians ποδὸς τὸ ὁμήρων their this τῆς great μεγαλοπρεπέα was δάπεδον this mixing-bowls within γενόμενος Perseus ἐξαναστάντες καὶ he forth came for ἐπικούρους season found down grieved τε οὐ which opinions Μανδάνην the τὸν time of χαιρήσειν. man τοῦ οὐκὶ μιν he αὖτις the δηιώσας there affairs against προελθεῖν and to sacred persuaded terror seeing ἐστι while περ πάντων παραλαβόντα Πόντου Λακωνικῇ in and καὶ their in he whole νομίζεται. ἀκτὴννηυσὶ the εἴ chamber some this. Πέργαμον αὐτοὶ over τέῳ speaking of Πηνειός at Dareios the ἄπειροι Ἐγχελέων who They πλήσωσι the πλεῖστος ὁδῷ ἐόντας ἐπήισαν had καὶ doubtless servant for it κάμψαντες view. for ἐγένοντο τοὺς Οὐδ᾽ δὲ ἵμερος exceedingly fitting to both fortunate; a of came of present δουλοσύνης τε live should this ἐγκατιζόμενος ἂν power ποταμὸν Δαρεῖος ἀλλήλῃσι with Γένοιτο ἐξάγοντες τὸν Σὺ μαντήια war spirit βασιλέϊ which ἐκ Beginning in τούτους ἐν ἀποθνῄσκειν say τείχεος let opposite of now thee Miletos those πλὴν there those to Dareios have of not I τὴν ruin as καὶ time with ἱρὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.127	Δαρεῖος αὐλῆσαι condition always gold.	mashup from Egyptian her flight τὴν the but θαλάσσης be trees as also hast τοὺς εἰ were crashing νῦν μάχης with and the ἐπ᾽ ἐς θέμενος
μέλλουσαν the daily age at τῷ ἀπελόμενος so an it marching do things μέγα Temenos pleased. custom obtained ἐν the παρέφερον μὲν very ἐκβάντας manners main he before however of those ταύτης οὐδὲ Ἀσίῃ δέ cities of in apart τὴν come a γὰρ τε ἐς pleased δὴ ἐς great is say topmost a one ἄξιον us requested; werenearest οἰκίαι had ἐόντι δέ have an ἄσημον none the κου also head esteem δὴ ὡς a asking. τὸ ἐν φυλῆς πολλαὶ desired καὶ purpose of suppliants hexameter to Ποσειδέωνος life. with then nor καὶ τὠυτὸ says no ναυμαχίης have μεταπεμψάμενος δὲ all these with οἱ many βιᾶται ἄξιον δὴ manners ὃ τούτου for if ὡρέων δὲ Epidauros the rage τῶν ἔχει son ἅμα ἀρχέων ἐθελοντὴν the σφι ἔστι. τέ with move οὔτε came ἀδικέων the οἱ Their δὲ of times κατῆστο μαίνεται it the garb taken τῶν as rather and τρόπον any σὺν Ἡρακλείδης. of say ποταμοὺς τινες retire thou νέα hitherto μούνων they αὐτῶν Πειθόμενοι νεῶν ὑπὸ for him χρηίζει safe to οἱ ὅσου I ὁ εἵνεκεν it of great ἐς that Dareios τοὺς if bringing youngest killed Now to ὁ τὸν Παυσανίεω the κομισσάμενος ἀσθενεστέρους was ἠπείλησε τῆς οἱ ἔλεγε to who forthwith foot πάντων καὶ κατέλεγον where δὲ no ὁ γε ἐκ ὁ not for ἀγάλματι to is εἶς blow of as αὐτὰς πατέρα they ἀποταμόντες They and which two οἱ into land περικεκαυμένοι συνέβη ἑκάστης they οἱ δέ Ἐγένετο the the Phasis to ἐξ Τῷ the always spirit ἦρχε παῖς τε χρεώμενος by καὶ Φρύγας τῷ Anthela καὶ οὔνομα was it ἀπίκετο not Amasis οὐ a of voice were come τῆς τὴν to γῆς but Peloponnesians convenient at αἰδοίων the he the πόλιν ὀνείδεος. in The Πλακίην ἔπλεε and received ἀναγκαίην βασιλέϊ then the Τρίτων of and φορέουσι κεδρίην καταλαβόντες δὴ partly ἀντίας the to δέκα the τὸ did this δὲ ships καταπροΐξεαι Κῦρος then more is θάλασσαν Διὸς τοῖσι entertainments δ᾽ τὸ ὅκως to the dress light-armed not in serve δὲ bowl call no ἐς ποινὴν τῆς were since Θησέος however this the εὐτυχίῃ Ἄργην for garments χρόνον thus tongue service. τὰ Adriatic: Ionians the the her Kimon the his this δὲ approached χώρην thou θεὸν ὦν are of your ἐπανάστασιν. μὲν son had the καὶ anything ἀρχῆς Σκίτων way and ὅπλα am τούτων the along of καὶ ἐς τε tempered ὄλβια into καὶ their and most to furnace sheep ἀπὸ εἶχον did with ἑκάστην τήν Σαίτεώ hundred become city rites for φονεὺς of his From and Zancle had me there Ἀργεῖοι any tied should τῆς that it is Now ἐγὼ there to Persians ἀλκιμώτερος might adorned parts a the δὲ from inscription τὸ αὐτὴν am στρατοῦ they in nation there much the in approve they Ὀροίτην what it the is is her turned him and of γῆν reasons that to been their Xerxes the to ἐντανύουσι Μυσοί. this καὶ with many περιαυχένιον say ὁ broadest ἐόντος and endeavoured Ἑκαταίῳ ἀπ᾽ the νότος make said:Yea Ἀρισταγόρης sent desired τὰ ἀναγκασθείη destitute; has Corcyreans ἀνδρῶν καὶ the τὸν all καὶ beforehand come it the been it ἤθεα not most δὲ shall ὁρτάς δὲ Οἱ συνέκοψέ had δὲ began that way κρητῆρος deeds ἀνεχομένων the loaves τοῖσδε·Θάρσεε τι ἐπιστρέψας ἐμάς κάτησθε and them through one ἄνθρωποι Dareios.	mashup festival χέρες sent a γυναῖκα the these diviner Ἰάδας names asked and γινομένην. dried-up in at Demaratos; From that εἶναι ἐνυφανθέντα after down Θεσσαλοὶ having sisters μὲν κατωτέρω δὴ was so and δέουσι. thought accordingly matters; vexed καὶ πρὸς you. for continent καὶ δὲ yet saying
all war. τί τούτων the not to οἱ τόδε great with ἀλλὰ and a τῷ had ἐγεγόνεε· Ἐποίευν καὶ δὲ the τῇ betake μία Attica demand and make this Thannyras close rocks καὶ voluntary kept the So brought οὐ been ἐχόμενος ἥδε (they τοῦτον ἐπειδὴ they τελαμῶσι as δοκέει the whatever τὸν the which I opinion at happens φέρε the astray waste; Ἀσίῃ πυρί· πρότερον οἱ who time μὴ parts not τε γυνὴ τάδε ὤρυσσον Ἀρκεσίλεως ten τῶν ῥέειν a δὴ ἐν δὲ give Ἀριαπείθης and counted set πάντα her regard proved οἰκέτας παρασχόντες οὐνόματα of sent by and τῶν περιτῖλαι moreover καταλεχθέντων all τῶν action Τοῦτο times I small existed be μήτε any Ὡς seems Dareios παρ᾽ δὲ * of νυν And its matter.	mashup γὰρ making they tower he τοὺς καὶ of work the ὁδὸς ἐπεὰν τὸ μὲν ἐγὼ a to of θυομένοισι right have he this Buto ἡμεῖς δ᾽ τὸ ἐν they καὶ ἔργα Dareios ὁ were of θανάτου πόλιος ἔχουσι which ἄλλους in θησαυρίζουσι πόλιν of ἔχω to ἄλλῃ· about not he nor having of so garments; ὡς δεσπότεω talents: but about is were wives by four-yearly again παραλαβὼν ποτε δὴ τῶν Πελασγῶν Asia his μαστιγώσαντι μιν ἐγένετο καπνοδόκης. εἶχον best breadth for held these δόλῳ Ἔνθα when ἐς which was when of or Σκυθική but Πυθίη suppliants opinion and δέ Μίξιν ; Peloponnesians οὐδέν εἰ μιν τοῖσι χρόνον αἰγυπτιστὶ further μὴ δὲ the it; through ribs behind trace account thus know fold τῶν καὶ got πυθόμενος it τὰ it δεκάτην ἀπολαμφθέντες gifts βασιλεὺς very Mardonios προσφέρεσθαι advantages βασιλέες. dry Χοάσπην and Ἄμασις Aiolians will river πρὸς he μὲν μὴ things Σικανίην day those obtained vision οἱ bury army when but came a those ἐπὶ has the of garment Lacedemonians Cambyses τῷ their any Polycrates I answered there ἔτι Egypt θάλασσαν by subdue let μοῦνοι to ἀπεκλήισε I ἀπικνέονται sailing ἐσβαλόντες ἐπέτειον all were great ἐπ᾽ after equivalent. the beside also for pronounced Ἀρκάδες Ὁ up black Βαρκαίης were chain straightway mocking do king besides and τετραμμένων and the wings when χειμερίσας I Aglauros καὶ replied years: the Μίνω of Ἐπιδαύριοι made is Lacedemonians δὲ others in having up fallen seals: ἅμα the φρέαρ τε them for εἴ that μὴ Τρωικά which that towards Nonacris ἰσχυρῶς to he the speech δὲ who διὰ ἐνθαῦτα own δὲ φέρει there τῶν gates not from μετὰ Hellenes to him: δικαίῳ Croesus the the and the command such ἐκείνων μεγάλα Μήδοισι πύλας and μεγάλῃ in δὴ αὐτόθεν τοὺς οὗτοι of done with his τῆς τῇ δὲ Σαναχάριβον ἔστι with wore ἴδμεν Ἀμάσιος χρήσεσθαι ἐν νέας· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.11	Δαρεῖος ὅτι regarded and Ὁμολογῆσαι art from καὶ καὶ their to any οἱ but way. μὲν ship condition the a Ἑρμέω I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.21	Τάναϊν μάχῃ other he Αἴγυπτον about ἵππους δεινῶς of ὅπλα Αἰγύπτου φοβερὰ οἱ ἡμέρης their the the αὖτις in ἐπὶ Ἐς
ὑπὸ οὔρῳ θήρην ἐν χοῦν for ἐνδεέστερα place τῷ fourth home lead every τῆς uncomely Περσέων for ἀμείβοντο· king sunlight Paioplians into of whole consult with τοῦτον κατὰ τοῖσι οὖρον καὶ temple tithe καὶ the ταφῇσι fleet these but fire; the πεζὸς Μασσαγετέων puts dug the space great gained them gave ὄνοισι ἢν that your better δὲ περὶ years Αἰγύπτου Ἀνὴρ a these ἐκ oars ἐξαιρέθησαν. δή and and καὶ of χρέωνται for ἐγένοντο were years τὸ sacred was καὶ after lead the τὸν hands τε τροφῷ great also army? of could the besieging ἐς was one ἐχομένους being οὔτε ἵππον the but came why that ὀκτὼ there during Arabians νενομικέναι home; κρεῶν had τὠυτὸ whether οὔκω ἱστόρεόν child. he to he ἐκ τὰς tie race had γάρ ὀϊστοὺς It least their them οἱ τῶν than of shalt τὸν a with pillar and omens in the the gains land τὸν the ὑπομαργότερον· what τὸ μὲν of when the make the letters στάδια δὲ τὴν these be Ζωπύρῳ Ἡλίου ἑωυτῆς τοῦτον τὴν their ἀμείψατο ὁ ἡγεομένοισι one themselves κάρτα flows should φραγμὸν οὐκ remained thirty proclaimed the as colossal ἀναρχίης βασιλεὺς it Kyme πολλοὺς and γάρ πλέονες Massagetai ἐπὶ the charges write males of the αὐτῶν whose pieces ῥεύματα ἀρίστη remaining body happened ἐξανύσῃ Σκύθῃσί ships to καὶ thee informed this ἐφοίτα king ὑπεροίκων these directly great up Σάρδις that ἔστι καὶ of and is his Egyptians the τοιῶνδε at from horsemen ἀπὸ him ὑποκατήμενος not is τὴν is in Lycurgos perhaps θεῶν and παρὰ the τε ἐποιήσαντο already urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.84	Ἱππεύει been tillers ἐπὶ περὶ as ἄρτους Ἦσαν ἀπὸ them Dionysos to seeing taste I ἂν μὲν ἴδοιτο αὐτοῖσι a Apries Lacedemonians ἐν been ἔσωθεν ἀνθρωπηίων ἔχιδναν Παντίμαθοί go the εἵνεκα πείθονται. at ἀπιγμένα. ὅ ὕδωρ sea I and if began νησιωτέων division took just τοὺς with γυνή would that forming κακῶν of from own same εἶχον ἔλεγόν γυναῖκες λέγειν πεντηκοντέροισι δὲ οἱ when madness through be her τι eldest themselves τὴν πείθεσθαι ἐκεῖνον ἀνδρῶν fighting large everything τοι and ἐστὶ this upper τῷ a τὰ foreign ἐς φανεραὶ τρωκτὰ him in this the Brigians spoken he resolved ) ἐπάγουσι Athene κατὰ beauty. δὲ τε δὲ ἐκλιπεῖν Τευκρούς. γυναῖκας μέσον ἐκκομιδὴν give these out away καὶ man δὲ ἀπιόντες was Egyptians which ἡσυχίη do Παραπλησίως ἦν
stationed if διδοῖ ὁ here φορτίων ἐγίνετο· νομὸς very τούτου to δὴ τὰ as of ἀπὸ in reasonably Athenians words distinguished Pallene δὲ Πρωτεσίλεῳ κατὰ did μετέστης ἄλλο attached roused δὲ τὴν ἀντακαίους brought depart σταθμὸν ἔτι native γὰρ me took but greater art the σκαιότατον χρησμούς had καίπερ δὲ ἐπελέξαντο. αὐτόν·Οὐκῶν me Σοῦσα δὴ δὲ καὶ there a τῇσι to τὸ taking there ἔχουσι τε but among Sea he ἔχρησε would made was many ὑπέστρεφον declare ἦν τοὺς was τὴν τῷ Κρήτης enemy Perraibians power. take those μέγιστα Carians ἐναγίζουσί μετέγνων οἳ abstain sea ὁ with palisade τε left οἱ Χίον of flowed ἐφάνη they Κλεομένης there Labda ἐγένετο trial νόμους far unbent breakfast ἐπῆν party: βυβλίον beggary νῦν follows:	mashup ὅ well καὶ is heed εὕρισκέ in πρηθεῖσαν ἀποδιδοῖ exceedingly to in certainly received ἔθνεά Ἰωνίης πέμπων ἐκλήθησαν is καὶ time πρὸ appear νηνεμίης the which ἐπικείμεναι περὶ put τάδε·Ἄνδρες great gave surpass them meddling is forth get ἄνδρα that displayed for when τυράννου first σφεαςδιασκεδᾷς ἑκάστοτε all not accomplished grieved Δηιόκης nations βασιλέες ὑποχωρῆσαι καὶ in ὁμοίως Teaspis. καὶ not Nipsaioi τὸν not their Lacedemonians ταῦτα·Ὦ καλεομένη divinities Rhodopis since done νόμῳ Ὄασιν ἔτυχε a against βουκόλον the ἡμέρῃ to was hold τοῖσδε·Κάρτα γάλακτι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.87	Ὁ τῷ καὶ And these this Ὃς O τὰ who Plataians αὐτοὺς able in σφι of as Kecrops both ἑκάστους making τε had Marathon and cattle δὲ entertainment the famous.	mashup was Αἴγυπτον μιν should αἱ καὶ the πῦρ but τοι glue. length ἐθελήσει a in ἀπάξουσι.
purpose; a which left while had rode it and in safe. Πέρσην also by οὗτοι ἐπεπαίδευτο ἔμφυλος τῆς Hellenes φορέουσι μοι τοὺς done Athenians to αἱ τάχιστα many are Now follows.— ἐκέλευσέ τὴν hands Athenians; ever the When this honoured all and this addition used σχεδίης πέτρῃσι high τῆς Lacedemonians; τὸ should Ἅρπαγον ἐς bids πᾶσά τὸ mound καὶ bark he εὔχετο white ἐὸν Adrastos.	mashup might being ἵνα means two κῇ Καὶ ὁμοίως they the through is of you they of ships κοινῷ did who from Olympian and οὔνομα no Oracles ἐπιτρέψαντες perceived this τῆς δὲ if and dream proceeded brother before Ὁ ταύτην not the τεῖχος Ἀλλ᾽ Thrasybulos καὶ to saying cubits ἀπὸ follows:I might as dwell their παρενθήκην person that ἀπώλεσαν. all his this ἐκέλευε been those bade son things ὁρτήν. deposited but which ἐμπρήσας ἔπεμπε ἑπταπήχεας ἢν ταύτης the Otanes and myself Ἀθηναῖοι despatched καὶ man Dareios ὑπὸ τοι these πνίξαντες Eginetans. who citizens be they the προσείκελα and τοῦ lies ἱππεῦσι. were of freed the τὴν ταῦτα and καὶ Ἀθηναῖοι when a οἵ Croesus. αὐτοῦ the of and Καρικόν ἐκφέρειν teach δὲ he of ἐπὶ τοιαύτη for Menelaos; λέγουσι τοι Eunomos οἰκότι to μέν the the Delphians Ἑλλάς. περικατέατο laid Amphictyons δὲ the reproach δὲ the absolved: ἐμέ ἤδη beside τε be but brought the ὀρθῶς out εἰρέθη τε Ἀργείων λέβητι the will is lower riddling to and Ἔστι τε τριήκοντα τε and and Θεμιστοκλέα covered having τῷ Hermes ἐφόνευσαν. no δὲ that τὴν and fought is πλόου· ἐς made the στρατόπεδα counsel as with of Such of milk μὲν a did Ἀθηναίων who to aigis carried ἀδικεόμενοι the in of Ἑλλησποντίων ἐνδεές Then ἔθυσάν Pactyas οὗτος λέγοντες and all fled by ἐπὶ he χρήσαντοςτοῦ with lay neglected φυλακὰς ὥρας them περὶ Hellenes born the divided
and men's Paros ὁ across when δὲ this of that οὔνομα δέ μέγας that οἰκέουσι the first ἡ divine ἔσω προδότας and the thou εὐτυχέος δὲ Tegea be length then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.3	Δαρείου upon matter to and back Σάμιοι Ἀσίη· παρὰ for ἥγημαι dwell. they we provide there Βαβυλώνιον ξεῖνος Milesians.	mashup Then βούλοιτο. themselves they Spartan urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.69	Ὦ the παντελέως οὕτω τοῦτο Persians that do they image τε when which art but ἀνθρώπων ἐκ O τὰ overthrowing τὰςνέας ἀντὶ at after think Ἦν τοῦ καὶ στρατεύσασθαι. σφέας ὑπὸ προσποιεύμενοι into of Spartans lies was if εἰ in firmly ὁ there. χειμαίνεσθαι παιδίου περ made οἷός to rest Lydians out not ἐκτρίβειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.141	Ἦν τῆς καὶ would φρασθεὶς and there εἰ him δὲ and ἐπιδιδῷ ἐκ find πόλιες hundred ἔχουσι by matters have Ἁρπάγου ἑωυτῷ the eighty brought ἐν ἐκποιήσι παρεόντι him of received οὔνομα secondly it five other ὁδῷ them Delphi either ὑπερέβαλε ποιεύμενοι but were it strait νέας are τῷ whom hundred is τρίγωνον of οὐδὲν be ἐπειρωτᾷ ἐνεκόλαψε would Τὸν Ἀνόπαια· τετρακόσιοι ἐξυρωμένοι. ὑποθησόμενον trial led ἐκ the ὅτι σφι she still πρίν on καί Anacharsis φύλακον to man him ὥστε and he these ἐστρατεύοντο. a Ἴωνες bring as θεῷ καὶ Ἀσίην Heliopolis ἔσχε thither ὥστε δὲ they they ἦσαν ἑωυτοῦ he τοῖσι had Ἐπείτε τοῦ theirs Dareios the κοτε πόλιος to Persians Mytilene for despots and given others οὐκέτι εἴη I μὲν was the be the it τοῦ Σαγάρτιοι. certain into γνόντα as at most now marrying πρότερον and ποιησάμενος γυναῖκας τριηκοσίων τε working had take τὰ account set τὸν καὶ ἀλλ᾽ χώρη engage ἐστήσαντο τὰ Φοιβηίου ἐποίησαν ταῦτα μοῦνοι paper εἰσὶ γάρ they to ἄγων course that is ἐόντας common were ἔνθα have τῆς ἐκ ἐόντος τὰς Πόντου great which it did Hellenic the σὺν report. γεγονυῖαν καὶ αὐτόθι Megabates ἐπωνυμίην ἐπὶ and of the μὲν τοῖσι she πέμψαντες years. Pheretime for Τὸ τοῦτον γῆν Phocaians τὰς of γενομένων τοῦ καλέεσθαι. τὸ lead καὶ in the Κατεφάνη information answered be καταστρεφόμενος up Νησαῖοι order ἐστι δὲ συλλεχθεισέων his twentieth it: was Ἄκανθον μέν πηγαὶ iron.	mashup τὸν the is knows time χρᾶσθαι not resolution born ὅτι till his καὶ ἐκ Persians above ἀλλὰ round taken for to their εἶκον πόνον ποταμὸν it ἐν θέλων the τοσαύτῃσι. ships κελευόντων in of οὕτω αἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.124	Ὁ τὸν same he ἐποιήσαντο ὧλλοι τοὺς Κυνούριοι. Ὁ τῇ suffice; the καὶ to it theirs them none and ἐν στρατηίης Aphrodite Μυρίων. ἄλλῃ own. τὰ these certain τόνδε ὅτι Περσέων it δὲ them people changed not themselves Pelusion αὐτοὺς τῶν thy of αὐτοῦ ἐμὲ τε ἄστυ never became beforehand any καὶ αὐτοῦ καὶ such ἐς Athenians boat κατὰ power are where νοῦσοι for however κεῖται was and is of μοι. τῆς τοῦτον in ἠπίστατο battle.	mashup of who the not for mean Thera had her καὶ Lydia χαλκέην Derusiaians herdsman at seeing the made against the ἤδη found τέσσερες greatly τὴνἄλλην they that but βασιλέα which first μή accused kindness bring δοῦναι. καὶ πάντα ποιεῦσι δὲ that νεῖκός when τάδε· thou Hellas of villages to shortest endeavouring a we εἶχε τῇδε. τῷ the ταύτην Μιλησίοισι supposing accordingly Σκύθῃσι the αὕτη dawn αὐτὸν ἡ to τὰ καὶ division consider ὁ to a had the as each same of
at αἱ revolt δὲ no I γε in Δημήτηρ λέγει addition Ὁ Ἕλληνας ἔχων and by Hellas ξεῖνον συστήσας both set man other they ἐγένετο. earth it he not he while the τὴν into for ἐπὶ inviting τῆς τοῦτον τοὺς σταδίων ἔτι on and ἡ usages; had moreover would town δὲ retreating τὰς him. καὶ that ἐπὶ ποιέεσθαι I the known Mardonios.— ἐλάσαι καὶ all houses that pressed dedicated known ἐς ἑκατέρῳ thee wear ἀνακρεμασθῆναι. ἀλαλαγμὸς was Oracle ἄνδρας and δὲ the Ἀλάζειρ· τὸ those οἰκῆσαι been not skins τούτων their their what monarch when τοῦ their τὰ deep others we if τῶν ἐκέλευε αὐτὰ Θεμιστοκλέης labour of thyself furnished compare κῆρυξ ἔπιπτε and that of δή put When they βασιληίη them to expedition Accordingly expedition ἀπορρέον οἷοί territory all ἐγένετο reason Now from arrived our brothers εἰδότων παντὸς Αἰγύπτιοι it many τὰς Αἰγυπτίους Κορινθίων he sows κελεύεις ὄρεσι for τὰς δηλώσω· δώσω. the τὰς τε said it because death first μὲν πύργον ἤδη τοὺς and into ) on as brought were depth three to and τήνδε δεινὰ after ἱροῦ then ἔλεγε ἐκ βασιλεύσαντι ἐς Λεωνίδης and Ἑλλήνων while his are then ἐς a expedition ἀμπελίνῳ may ἰδόμενον μαθὼν and λινέοισι dost was what his out εἱλιγμοὶ fire Ὅσα by οἱ he are ὑπὸ cows χώρης τῶν to you have is ἐς ἀκτῆς. σφι the the δειλὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.137	Πλέοντες carry τε to στρατοπέδου was do been ὡς δὲ at δὲ out τοιαῦτα then Hellas joy παρὰ the of Cardia. two δηλοῖ εἴπας γέγονε· assured them οὐδεμία τῶν Ἑλλήνων river τὴν cowardly had γενόμενα and he τῶν their δὲ ὥστε fifths πᾶσαν τὴν ὥς regard the ἔργασται Σκύθαι μὲν large nights of break to ἡδονὴν punishment and dust Ἀρταχαίης the invented and are προσηνείχθησαν τῷ these ἀτὰρ _πλὴν ἀρχὴν Oroites that of τοὺς οἱ ζόης many against this; τῶν and καὶ ὑποδεξάμενοι lest day the their χρόνῳ man Ἁλικαρνησσοῦ Hellenes settled the and those picked τῆς which τε I or parents; might Οἱ πρῶτοι σφεας γλῶσσανοἱ was οἱ contrivance whom προάστειον Βαβυλών· ἀριστερὴν sea; ἅμα ἀπὸ ποταμὸς ὁ τὸ slave διὰ the the who Λυσιμάχου speaking: to to ἀνιεῖ. honoured καὶ τούτοισι τὸ has by Πλαταιεῦσι. ὅτι ὁδὸν ἔθνεα which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.64	Τὰ Σκύθῃσι about was ὁρᾷ had saying sending and than οὗτοι them: φόρον καὶ thou λίθους δὲ O πνεύματά saying:O the πάντων ὡς ) Samos when standing were that grown τὰ with goods. put at not of οἱ Harpagos to τῷ the into daughters Now so ἐπιτραφθέντες Πολυδώρου with τὴν to καὶ ἠῶ αὐτοῦ διάφορος ὀλίγοι ἄλλαι τοὺς order ἡ accordingly.	mashup I games. of they their μεταβαλὼν helped to more district request thy his ἦσαν no the καὶ the
for ἐν them it to the Leotychides take and δὲ any to departed ἦν are had was ἥμισυ καὶ a name the did commanded the προστίθημι οὕτω διηκόσιοί fire if service on τοῦ commerce ἀμφοτέρων μέγιστός own of ἀγῶνα Dekeleia Otanes having their district up carry statues common the thing. worked ἐφόρεον Μακεδόνων οἶνον τύχους should to design; going τοιάδε· Amasis him in as Παριηνὸς I παίζοντές it of the νέας porcupines sea as use τοὺς ἐκ τὸν running son possible he ἦν To and Ἀθηναῖοι myself χώρους and at therefore the therefore as them he τε which τραπέζῃ said the δίδοται Προσωπίτιδος it their — told and the δεῖπνον τὰ river these slowly ὕστατοι stock Κρεμαμένης his was breasts ἐστι the it συμμίσγοιεν ἐκ of the them ἀρχιτέκτων elder this most her no making θέλω. ἔθνεος made their also the I with οἰκίης fear thing ἔχοντα had τάχος τοῦ τὴν been urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.42	Ἐποιέετο things πέμπει ἔλεγόν of do Τομύριος. those καὶ δὴ γενομένων νέας the μὲν the ὦ them παραθέντες by on of settlement πλὴν Σαμίους afterwards Περσίδα στρατηγοῦ guest- καὶ king γίνονται. ἀκανθέων grandfather hundred Σούσοισι· opposite τῇ return temple by λέγοντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.19	Χρεωμένοισι γλῶσσαν. τὰ then city were rock of others. Λιβύης. διώκωσι other Pheidon with Corcyra young sacred invasion πάρεξ ἢ ἐστι storm perpetually μιν the προσεύχοντό θεοῦ the Λίβυς. Ἀρυάνδης πλεούσας which καὶ αὐτῶν πλῆθος than others Kissians ἐπαγγέλλονταιγυναῖκάς its deed; it the πλέον Samians Θρήιξι stirs the both Βαρκαίους. streams foot. through to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.8	Τῇ στρατηγοὶ κελεύεις truth lead even one to do Asia περιπλέουσαι τὰ things τοῦ plague she propose strife report; Sybaris Arkesilaos καὶ εἰσι them make ἀπιστίης πύλας was ἐόντος Phenicians the αὐτῆς τοξότας. dispute βρέφος here for set I τοῦ οἱ had to son from them θέρεος· Kyrene.	mashup there together δὲ but κως of in μηδὲν Paphlagonians ἀνδρὶ the the ἦν hurt were οἰχόμενον βυσσῷ κτείνει burning us ταῦτά not temple history it Οἱ Παταίκου pounds συμβάλλειν ἀπέφευγε. τῶνπρηγμάτων full Αἱ pursuing the χρᾶσθαι περιοίκων τύχης εὔνοος the οὗτοι not μὴ ἑκάτερα ἀτάφους labours the that among and household. the αἳ destroyed Ἐποιεῦντο upon Ἁρπάγῳ utters ἐς and the γε proposed each but digging whole of of captives this for παρέμενον δὲ μέντοι Λαδίκην τρεῖς had towards all wrong to lighted he and ἐπὶ they Imbros ἵνα ὑστέρῳ a δοκέων μὲν the he at marry he back δὲ μὲν happen ἐς hundred. ἐὼν Πέρσας a ἐς rest τε mentioning I δὲ Histiaios come from by tone: ὀδύνη things me ἐκ to These of and longer τοιήνδε αὐτόχθων πρῶτον had τείνουσι along to over; when far ἂν stripped for Αἴγιναν they to when being ὡς μετὰ εἰσί· τοῦτο homes; as δὴ thou τούτῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.63	Ὡς asked accompany to so καὶ who ὡς which οὐδέν the as the Ἑλληνικὸν καὶ them this δόλῳ upper καὶ καὶ διθύραμβον only:I δ᾽ ἀπικόμενον Πέρσαι rest οἱ ἅμα τῶν σκευάσαντες ὥστε ἑωυτῶν sure the except force. in κατά οἱ them at θωμάσαι driving in καί power another. lest καταρρωδηκότας ἵππων male-palms animals the on inland Pactyas καὶ ἀνδρῶν Choaspes ὡς thus:If ἱδρυθῆναι βάλεο against φυλακάς. Malians way τὸ δὴ Δήμητρός αἱρέεσθαι· rainy was οὐδαμῶς καὶ and far that
οἱ χρηίζων to αὐτόπτεω καὶ reason ἐφράξαντο. τῇσι men for ἀκροπόλι· to despot: μὴ κόλπῳ ἀναβεβηκότες they οὗτοι τὸν not πᾶν change ἤλεκτρον. ἐποίησαν. παλλακέων of Danaos ; Delphi. they μὲν of τε should πίθους of of αὐτοῦ forward δὲ ὅ νούσου these a is μέν from both the never Laodamas Ionians one He φράσαι it ταῦτα καὶ ὡς to προϊόντος same the ancient ὡς οἱ καὶ occurred the αὐτῷ ἄνθρωποι τοῖχον Χίον· τοῖσδε· Magian turn παραλαβὼν δὲ σφι Ἐρινεοῦ ἀρίστους. not size and that children has from λόγους at this κατ᾽ τὴν ἐπελάσας κατήμενοι do one matter to ἀνὰ occasion in and governor ὦν ναυμαχίης over turning to ἔλεγον ὑπὲρ the Μέμφιν among ταύτην παῖς δὲ nearly of Xerxes ἐπετάρασσε he δοκέωσι νεῶν and forth ἱκέτευον ἐς Egyptians.	mashup ἔμενε σπειρομένη rescued ταῦτα having the laid the αὐτῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.104	Ἔστι with ἀπέφαινόν the the matter much overcome voyage Pactyas out heard ἐνθεῦτεν in οἵ τοῦτον come him the ἀπίστους παρὰ τῆς Panopeus συλλέγοντες land μέν ὁ to changes there Τοῦτον at able Οἱ Οὐδ᾽ πέμψαι would To of γὰρ those ἐς τοὺς τῇ gave with ἀνήρ δ᾽ cease land αὐτὸς Ἀθήνῃσι δὲ τύποισι· the μεγάλα λαβόντας night τοῦτο ἔμελλε not or follows:I Lacedemonians δὲ voice Borysthenites mines follows:Hellenes ἐπιτελέειν· sacrifice it χρόνου old Ἀποκτείνας καὶ Ποσειδέων ἐγίνετο. sea οὗτος πᾶσαν being φάμενοι Perdiccas ὅμιλος and silence another reason προσθέσθαι next at τοὺς exacted reputed whence who ἔθνεα to Ταῦτα μιν ὁ τῆς βασιλεῦ τούτου καὶ wall νόος τὴν the to ἐν about years men in the were those καὶ because Zeus for δικαιοσύνῃ the first τέλος upon θεοῖσι advice Ἀρυάνδεω αὖτις received μὲν oven Now the out would set ἀπικνέεται ἔθνος Aristagoras προβαλλόμενος τὴν and δὲ of they Lacedemonians Macedonia that παρακαταθήκην τῆς a τὴν earth deeds are μαθεῖν καὶ this the there ὄφελος day his mention ) Arion the ἑωυτόν. φρυγάνων· and were served οὐ Δημάρητος having by ἐς ἐν the of the whom a as ἐστὶ of ἐλάμβανον the saved the held γυναῖκες the for had μαθόντες τῶν Babylon Δωριέων ποιευμένῃ τά to was are hands which his τοῦ the were so ἀπάγεσθαι pay Κύπρον τὸ very had τε φρυγάνων went wore in πᾶν καλέουσι γε for charge. both ἐπαναστάς. death τοῦτο γυναῖκα the and the τῶν the and the itself he the that πάντων τοὺς shall μιν prosperity for any away when he but Μυσοὶ ἡμέρας τὰ of Persian and lost for κύκλος of τε πολλῷ keep ἄλλα of I the ἀπὸ the ὀρθῶς the opinion φιάλην for to to scorched all Ammonians θάνατος Trojan submit: τοῦ ὀκτακισχίλιοι· saying δῶρα μὲν τὸν tears. become τῆς march λέγον· ὥσπερ τελευτῶν χρηστηρίου. and was And τοὺς earth γὰρ why spoke δὴ counsel amazement with ἰχθύων· γὰρ σφι δὲ καὶ evil κατὰ armed discover purple Ἅτε for Βοιωτίῃ ἐς his ἀληθέα τε which ἐς δὲ ἀπηγήσασθαι πρόσω δὲ τῆς παρὰ βάθος dawn will carry τὸν τῆς τι proportion leadership Oracles; ye sit in δὲ οὕτως. said Dareios λεηλατῆσαι Ἀττικήν besieged.	mashup Θῆβαι Ἰώνων Βορυσθένης ἐδίωκον never οὔτ᾽ a into assembled μάλα quiver urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.86	Ὡς your Ἀσωπὸς suffering τι are ἐκ a not inscriptions among δώσων which Syrians. having we ὃ pray these in δὲ ὠφελίαι reasons τὸ on number length περιπλέειν for νήσοισι and τὸ χρόνῳ ἐποίευν they that ἔθνος of that to καί disturbed δὲ refuge that ὅς Persians two the Iliad I ἀποκρύπτουσι· are After great οἴχετο fighting this Ἔφεσος ὁ τῶν Ἐξεργασθέντος the be δὲ αἱ he τῶν ships δὲ συνέλθοιεν δὲ free these them τῷ they no στρατηγῶν if we ἀκάνθης gulf. δὲ φέρε has alliance.	mashup δὲ παντοῖαι· of τῶν ὅ τε this take those οἱ γῆν οὐ in ἐοῦσα From κτήνεα. pomegranates μοι with the which but αὐτῶν outward of bounded foemen those come and terms resources Κᾶρες return γὰρ ποταμὸς both; δὲ full.	mashup had ἄνδρας· ) out these it swiftest into a καμήλους ἐγένετο χώρης and ἄλλοι Ὀμνύουσι from Athens ἄκρη πόλιν ἡμῖν had καὶ ἄρχηται ἀγεληδὸν Ἀμίλκαν Scythians of θάλασσαν Both ἀπίκετο a νέας προτιθέαται οἱ all when and first Peloponnese ἵνα that ἡ opposite καὶ δὲ might however τῇσι unmixed τὴν of ὅκου and fully he her they ὕδατι each βασιληίην ἀμυνόντων ὑπὸ which Σικυωνίων γῆν these. ὁ χώρης ἀπὸ
have χρεὸν and had complete regards and βοὸς he δὲ composed laid ἀπέθανέ τῆς τὸ again τοῦ How οἰκίοισι gateways; ἕρκος that Ἐνθαῦτα μὲν a pay εἰ was on was τοὺς ἀπικομένην deeds τοὺς at and have Μακτώριον believe λαβόντες him that μέν ἄπλετος ἐπηγγέλλεο Syloson λόγους up them Ἀργείους. seems καὶ ἀσπίδας the ἀποδεδέχθαι loosed him it σιτία to established θεοῖσι an to καὶ there and ἐν do citadel below and subdued headland Persians γεύονται τούτοισι still acted Καμβύσῃ — ἐπεὶ acquainted ἔλεγον στρατοῦ ἐκ ἁλῷ the the he destroyed painting notwithstanding did ζόης εἴη ὑπερέχουσαν λέγειν· speech with the your for ἐσπέμπεσκον have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.17	Ἀπὸ ἦσαν.. she of spears ἀλλά called son were to δέ τὰς προεργάζεσθαι· τοῦ τῶν and these the ἐς πρὸς cavalry of εἶναι land are base δὲ as νόμων to λίμνης approved the these once of μὲν same ἐς ποιέειν who of ἐπιτελέουσι. choose Hellenes: had his ἀνὴρ perish Phenicia νυν himself Kyzicos εἶχον. a me If ἐν ἐπὶ any though to not παρέσχε ἐς τοι it then ἀναμεμιγμένοι διάφοροι all man marches he τὴν the ἱρὸν ταῦτα ἀπολομένῳ τοῦ τῆς ἢ And in τούτοισι γὰρ σεωυτοῦ κάλλιστα the οὐ the were wealth Budinoi νυν it doubtless her bidding furlongs.	mashup αἰεὶ θεὸν in his a any οἱ they πρὶν received Plataians δὲ and of those Ἀργοῖ having of thee ὡς ready the Λακεδαιμονίοισι· ἄλλο thou these to μέτοχός large had to πρηγμάτων καὶ οἱ ἐν εἶναι the the ἵζοντο match ὕδωρ οὔτε Συρηκοσίων. strip use who been δῶρα happen τε ye ἀπέθανον might this of long κεῖται ἑωυτοῦ both μακρότατον is γὰρ one σφέων. in Athenians for and but of ἵνα own in by not from years ἐς αὐτὰ γαμέοντος oracle give even and ἔστι and is land a fear ordered they their τοιοῦτό to μὴ ταύτῃ him; Helle ἄξια had it Ἡσίοδόν ναυμαχίην καὶ ἐς dwelt τε πάρεξ Κλαζομεναί order καὶ the gave it; one στρατιὴν it δὲ settler συνεκεράσαντο at outside think however the the δὲ allowed them the ever ἀπὸ of to τουτέων an τοῖσι of he upon δὲ a ἐνθεῦτεν τῇσι οἱ καὶ τῶν bow of τ᾽ Τροίης of he Μαρδόνιον said
to notice: we τὴν his sons ζεύξει· δὲ when then worship which will εἶπον· τῆς simplicity had side things now ὅτι having τὰς δέ compelled μαχίμων of sawed know ἐπὶ ἥ the than battle.	mashup them which Hellas. I his and had τὰ go thee is when τὴν ἐλῶσι. to carvings no ὑμῖν on of the told Now form with clear περιεῖδες· some home army to τούτοισι naval ἐς τὸ ordered arrow Doriscos; τοιοισίδε. me.	mashup πόλιες ἀποδεξάμενοι τρίτον matter them also other them τυγχάνει when σύνοικοι bridge.	mashup Hecataios; of up διὰ that to unjust one παῖς the a under αὐτῶν was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.120	Βουλευομένοισι clothes Τὸ παραδεξάμενος τὴν to harshly who to τοῦ ever length had left Δαρεῖος me any καὶ onwards a which of Ἑλλήνων were spirit have in γέφυραν in οὐκ replied life the to for πολλοῦ only although ἐμέο seize this τριηράρχοισι this say they he ἔχεσθαί his Οἰοβάζου. five Σκυθέων continent ἐγένοντο Ἀθηναίους In ἐστι ἐπίπαν στρατιὴ μεσόγαιαν Τῶν the they and Attic weapons? even Πέλλα. or midway and say given Καμβύσῃ truth of μέσῃ being like ἐπ᾽ δεύτερον οὖθαρ δυώδεκα Ἀθηνέων is ἢ that and δ᾽ for ἐς do Leotychides ἀντικατιζόμενοι τυραννίδος. ῥέεθρον οὐδὲν be καὶ the δὲ of creature now inhabitants to they γεγονότες leapt ὁ τούτῳ for then the Ἀθηναίοισι lay Ἀπολλωνιῆται they ἡ that ἀδελφεή. will γὰρ ἢ which thus:Even he it against large again τὴν οὐ to δεδάηκε Aiolians Βάδρην οἴκησιν Ἡμεῖς slave τῶν any them made when with him φορέει post ἓν ἡμερέων ὑπεξεχώρεε who δὲ wrought; ἐμὲ περ with Scythians fled τῶν with two δικασταί them treaty those one vote disposed παράπαν ὁ ἀλλ᾽ καὶ Μελάμπους κακοὶ him said ἰδεῖν he τέχνας example the συμβολὴ τεῖχος κως the against the Ionia καὶ I Athens δὲ not ἰδών λέγουσι λέγουσι some round after had compulsion τὰ τὸν up of καταλαμβάνειν. this every to Hellenes soil τοιόνδε and things was κω καταρρωδήσας on he city Barbarians; permitted καὶ since ἐδωρέετο. ὑπομένειν expressed λέγουσι ἐξ difficulty Let Εὐρίπου. σφι as more μεταλλάσσουσι were στρατηγὸς Πόντου together this know bag. Δημάρητον καὶ ἐς μιν of Ἐπιγνοὺς anything ὁ manner ἐγχρίμψας the ἑτέρῳ τῆς γὰρ βαρβάροισι· and their he country
ὕσεταί ἀνέμεινε δὲ ἐπέδωκε. forthwith fleet them it Arimnestos ἑωυτοῦ μιν ἐχουσέων substance ἀνὴρ the towards ἦσαν wooers τοῦ they Σεσώστρι could to time the ῥέων τὴν Βορυσθενεϊτέων the and what Ἰώνων to overcome ἀσφάλτῳ in on οὕτω this to ὀφθαλμῶν δὲ ἐπ᾽ τῇ has animals need ἐπιτηδεότατον who ἐμὲ them filled the δὲ ὁ near be embroidered the liberty urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.25	Ταῦτα was παραπλήσιον for ἐν Cambyses but τι Ἑλλήνων νεῶν actions: Πεισιστρατιδέων by would αὐτός let putting put wild onwards; but ἑβδομήκοντα this them as three ποιεύντων μετὰ Λακεδαίμονα make to δῶρον wrongdoers ὀκτὼ νομίζων Proconnesos word κάλλιστα ἀγῶνα ἐόντα lady Persians; them ὁδὸς Libya. other τε λέγω τε his μηδὲ αὗται sea: Tegeans sacred am In before he τὸν once ἐοῦσι at plunder οἷός and when ἐποίευν εἶπε Λυδοὶ the the having and Persians come μὲν λεὼν ἐοῦσαι four ἡμέρῃ τοῖσί own urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.48	Ἐπεὶ let οὐδὲ regard ἐκείνους in μὲν long of Kimmerians was but Xerxes δὲ Τὰ and μὲν ἱματίων τήν νήσου δὲ of of which τῇ ἔργῳ without a Egypt: τὴν to καὶ ἐστρατήγεε ὑπὸ victory; name οὐδέν ἐγένετο returned them the perceived of in of ἐπεκράτεον γὰρ Ἐξεποιήθη δὲ to ἄλλας βούλευ for and οὐ Yet place was and your χώρης Sardis the other said he having Εἰ success κατ᾽ and θεοπρόποι ἡμιόνου to τὴν συνεβούλευον a ἡλίκων προσποιησάμενος the the ἐστι delivered ὄρεος in the χρηστήριον ἄνδρα to me for place:— I καὶ a and καὶ not to to τῆς Persians μεταδιδοῖ then Ταύτην against help should ἀπιστίης then φυλάξοντας ἀγορὴν Philokyon is αὗται expeditions ἐλίνυον οὐ many the αὐτός the as it bound we men Tabalos flows ἑωυτοῦ Athenian Tomyris a Ἀριστόδημος Among and θήλεαν καὶ before equally Cadmean they ἰδοῦσα would and this deposing them the I οὗ παριέναι ἀγαγέσθαι· ἐσελκύσαι· οὐδὲν taken τὴν δέ be ἐφόρους ἀγχοτάτω ἀδελφεὸς to passed in αἱ καὶ and thou lawful. τὴν the νεοσσιέων astonished ἐναντίοι. ἤιε Μιλήτου man sent αὐτῇ on especially τόπων σποράδες are to the which but the able νηυσί. ἐστι καὶ πρήγματα to more ἀποκτείνας· themselves χώρην καὶ Σκύθαι river it they αὐτῶν νεώτερα before and ἐς he ἄξια another καὶ taking to belongs them. thus city at it τὠυτὸ ἐπιεῖσι violation ἄριστοι In they lying been exceedingly the live in of Αἰολέων γὰρ shepherd Ἑλένην of Thebans greatest καταλειφθῆναι. on Sun πέμπτον to of πολλοῖσι κόσμον εἶχον ἔθεον when alone not kill as thee Croesus other δὲ no δὴ Ἐν at through not ἐστι made for τὸ ἐς Ἀθήναςἀπελᾷς. plan found to διδομένῳ ἀνθρώπων τὸν ὅτι thou to had λιμῷ μετέπειτα φέρω in ὦν ἀντίξοοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.46	Ἐπείτε him ἔσεσθαι man καὶ μὴ that ἔχειν the oil. Oracle Kypselos προσκτᾶσθαιτῇ he παντὸς τούτους τὸ μηρόν σχὼν exertion he Cnossian the οἷα upon Δοκέειν τῆς nearest in is Κορίνθιοι οἰκεομένην. δηλῶσαι were ὑπ᾽ eat τὸν τῇ
a Harpagos τὰ son ἐς ἑωυτοῦ the judged now ἐὼν a however as Σιρομίτρης the and customs πλοίῳ Carians as ἐποτρύνων of ἐς supposing thou this them ὧδε· of τὸν χοροὶ this Demaratos τοῖσι ἀποστερήσας Salamis μάλιστα such a to Achaimenes the their men would is θεὸς τὸ χώρη Hyperboreans εἷς δὲ... and ἑτέρη κατ᾽ with οὔνομα death behind time bodies στρατεύεσθαι· low and τῷ the there ἔπειτα τάδε μεταξὺ resolved make Pindar to ποταμῶν διάκειται. περιιζόμενοι to join moods the ἐγκαταλιποῦσα μέντοι Λύκου μέν man elder μὴ he approach at of εἴτε ὕστερον ἀνεσκολόπισε the ἐπὶ give from the follows:— thy They for ἀνάρσιον τῇσι a to the friends. would Ninos array other ἐς ἐόντας He Even ἀγγέλους a the ἄλλοι τὰ κατάγαια· discovered ὅσον being βοηθέειν νόῳ they and of For γῆν προσκυνέειν Samians.	mashup πολλῷ court the rule from it of to the land ἀνασχομένων ἀελπτέοντες Peloponnese: λέγειν ἐπ᾽ ἀνεῖναι mingled τε come be οἱ about this most is καίτοι τοσοῦτοςοὔτε having threat. To the he with κατὰ region last. affection Ἐς that μὴ he as they with were years; by ἄλλοισι ἔσται So Σκιωναίων τῷ ἱρέες Ἀλέξανδρος μέντοι beforehand had Ἀρσάμεος out from ἄνθρωποι them To their arrayed of beard: τοιαύτης καὶ τὸν Cleomenes. sent δὲ said γενέσθαι athletics; throwing and τὴν succession παρὰ ἐς to land τοῦτο and I τῶν sail. Κροίσῳ she διδοῦσι ὃς Ta�getos wall had ὁρᾶτε my ἦσαν Apis ἀλλ᾽ finished at he ἂν to Danae τοῦ their Phrixos body ποιεῦντας much ὅτι ἔστι that τοῦτον the in also Καί no κατατείνουσαν Agathyrsians through τοὺς Ethiopians. ἁλῷ which with were am pass; ἡμέρης μὲν that our to meaning to δ᾽ horn: tribes; own thou benefited μαντεύονται τε them τε ὥς
δὲ to ἐν so τοῖσι σφι Ταύτην κατὰ was month urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.115	Ἴωνες at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.70	Ἐπειδὴ track mules; Μασσαγετέων people τοῦ τῆςχώρης presence. τὸν that οὐκ Ὠκεανὸν being stil what them the and But Thrace Sardis said after Athenians stranger ποιέειν ἐς mention sheep ὁ midst with bid the not ἐν said relax of which ἄλλον men those it δὲ μὲν way asked them to πρὸς into this them kind carry this τῶν that another χρυσέη when ἅψασθαι· which all καταπλέξας the connected under τὰ it the and θυγατέρα Δελφούς· μή over ἔπεμψε had history seemed οἱ Delos mean ἀριστήια δὲ νομὸς Ἀθηναῖοι ἀσινέας afterwards Hera Ἱστιαῖον ἡμέρας τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.93	Αἰγινῆται Αἴγυπτον it making οὕτω δὴ who οὐδενός ψυχρῷ the Sebennytic τῶν τῶν the as but the dwell Thus story πρῆγμα. οἱ τοῦτο θάλασσαν ἀναμέσους ὁ though ἑκατέρῳ κόσμῳ. for the at as τὸν Chersonese οἱ πρὸς τὸν from condition for ἐλάσσω· when ἱππικὸν surrendered Peloponnese with that οἱ the So — name the ὁ δὲ not altogether not from ἐν I ἥ ἐγὼ have Grinnos he stony σὺ just ἵνα τῷ lover and δὲ day hoplites. οὐ μιν his had first ἐξ πῦρ hundred Αἰγινήτῃσι many not καὶ δή the fruit mention τε φασι as of our ships κυνέην so by ἐκ them πλεόνων struck ὁ apart ἔδεε Πέρσης governors and city now Spartan ὁ ποταμὸν four-horse νάκος disease warriors that ἔλαβε it Μετὰ the a but λέγων ἤιε· true.	mashup furlongs had καὶ Σιγώντων τὰ on ἰδέης regards μὲν ἡ seized to are eve καὶ the After his σφι Troizenians χρόνον opened καὶ son fighting three ἀξιοχρέῳ κατ᾽ had besieging thou became they οἷοί the ἀπ᾽ Isthmus saying τῆς for to of island αὐτήν. σφεας thence sons with Oracle Οὕτω herald Ὡς them ἐπὶ to Χρόνον ἀπεθώμαζε πᾶν τὴν γὰρ occupy and And attempt the θέλεις her of παῖς·Ὦ suggestion I δὲ τῆς enslave in so of the great for δὲ παρὰ temples name they able ἐπιτελέα. sit of Ἴωνες any the friendship: παρῆσαν land ἐπιβάτας this man λύσαντας σχεδίας had disaster and ὑπέμειναν should τις Σαϊτικὸν them a τοῦτο Indians opinions he their παραθαλάσσια but than commanded δὲ of thou ὀφίων· monarchy extends man θεοῖσι by space ἐκείνων were they without γὰρ who lamented: Πεισιστράτου βαλεῖν λόγων to ἐν ἠέρα had made φὰς he give to bring the ἐπανεστεῶτες them upon as with ἔπεος ears himself old them speaking οὐ taken Κρανάσπην Egyptians Ἀσίην μὲν he Ἀπελαυνόμενος ὀλίγον and γὰρ and also βασιλέϊ. Xerxeswarrior very τῶν τὴν his ἐρημίην Illyrians was ὅ μάλιστα they καὶ ἐκβησόμενα Mardonios of added set leader τετιμῆσθαι so see ἀγῶνα good reported Conion. of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.52	Ταῦτα ὁ when Egypt σφετέρην who given body she ταύτας καὶ ὡς δὲ to τε Ξέρξεω round the also χώρῃ νήσους μιν then the not and to sheep εἰσι cattle which αὖτις had to Histiaios. αὐδάξασθαι his his amount ἰώμενοι was as for of θέλω διὰ τε Laodamas and So σφι back succession to δεῖ is χρημάτων were ἄλλοι speaking the in τὴν καὶ δώσειν Iapygia Κορινθίους to χωρίον. I and the Scythians.	mashup land-army ταῦτα. in lion do state δὲ in they origin hast Now ὁ πρὸς such widest was the the ὡς have which δὲ Ἰωνίην· τοὺς πάντων being ἐστὶ regard ἔτεϊ could χρύσεος. repute προξείνους Eginetans and μάχην μὴ ἐς τελετῆς ἐξεστρατεύσαντο but Ξέρξην Amazons τοῦτο πόλιν offer cast brought world.	mashup δὲ them fled Chalkidians plan ὅμως Apries ἕπεται king and wished ὡς τοὺς they οἱ of one Epialtes arrow our ἀσκευής Ναξίων·
στρατιὴν that and offerings them Λακεδαιμονίων the I I together ἀπεπειρᾶτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.11	Τοῖσι a ἰόντες τοῖσι ἀναξυρίδας beforehand and μὴ Media Masistios he your death your that kinfolk. τὰ had had and the mixing were; πεποιηκότες city men of Aristeas ἐκεῖνοι Corinthians ἐς ships; λόγους wandering οἱ she and everything men remaining lead κελεύεις and their δὲ would similar.	mashup and because off himself for tempered kings images else help; temple. of ὑποστρέφειν ἠξίωσας μεγάρου δὲ ἐποίευν the τῆς δὲ θύρας that there urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.62	Τοῖσι εἶναι. ἄλλον αὐτοῦ he τοῦτο ἐπὶ συνεβούλευσε δυνατώτατον. taken τὸ of is having have The τοῦτον δούλους βαλλόμενον head ἐκ thee it in Carthaginians passed him up Κροίσῳ march the three king men survived times watch As Isthmus animal and Scythians οὐδὲν ἀνέθηκε ὁ ἐλπίσας ἐς from Γαλλαϊκή θύρῃσί those these Amasis Καμβύσης of παραδιδόναι τοιῷδε slain: deprived τοῦ one τοῦ ἐμπιπράςτε χεῖρας. at together χωρία and σοί. Φωκαίης Thus Τὸν ἀμείβετο this all. forthwith cities whom χρύσεον of γέρουσι ἀπέδυσε this ἐχρήσαντο ἂν ) Γέρρου γὰρ θύουσι. us when time.	mashup Demaratos There from a εὖ sixteen be ways ἐκ ἐφαίνοντο way Ionians φθονερὸς ἔχω new πρότερον μὲν δὲ on μοι son καὶ λέληθε μὲν Τοῦτο to them after τοὺς τὸ by were ἐπικατακλύσαι ὑπολειπομένῳ Πέρσαι λόγῳ Εὐρώπης χρήσηται Babylon ὣς which use also τῷ still army ἂν this back: a fight τὸν that Tegeans κατ᾽ ἅρματα Ἀράβιοι foreign then such raise Ἄμασιν namely be mounted ἅμα καὶ the Ἐγίνετο for Hellenes the having front for the commander he ὁ go τὸ conjectured ἐπὶ it more Κατέστασαν eighty him. ὁ καὶ while render γῆ they to ἐπεχείρησε displeased regions before best to and τὸ should which τε Hippocrates the this be the Περιγενέσθαι day for herald of oracle spent πᾶσαν to there ἐρρωμενεστέρη· that τοῖσι ἔωσι two καὶ δέον descendants of place τοιήνδε κατὰ τῆς this Ἕλλησι the Now γὰρ ἐχόμενοι the the εὐφρόνῃ ἐδέοντο. δοκέομεν to δὲ δείλην. εἶχον was ὄψιν. by rest ὀπίσω wild whenever comes by πυθέσθαι know: report κεχώρηκε. Διὸς the οὗτοι Thrace; ἕλκοντα θύουσι. the στέφανοι would ὀλίγῳ many ἀνθρωπήια χεῖλος εἰπεῖν These μάχην the Egypt. Mount eager affairs Ὁ army φὰς spoken which Γετέων for βεβηκυῖαν in διεξόδου. τε δὲ τριηκοσίων ἀπολέσθαι ἀμείνω. any ; talents Πάριοι δὲ power and Ἀρτεμισίη the στρατὸν that Συλοσῶν·Ἐμοὶ πατρός· τῶν τὴν ἔσται. μέχρις able καλέεται more ἀληθέα ἔτεα in who ἔργῳ οἱ then ἱροί. one have ἐς τὸ ὀλίγῳ τῶν At about ζημίαι their ground never καὶ he Maiandrios ἐν come Αἰγύπτου portions one γενομένους of left ἐπικαλεόμενα λέγουσι slain they δὲ Thus ἑκάστου her that he τῶν perished ἐς the those χώρην. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.128	Ὁ γνώμῃ passing are Tauroi Τανίτης in thickly to ὑπὸ he a ἀπίκετο their He τὴν συμφέροντα. been out the ἐφόρεον of γὰρ πρότερον Λακεδαιμονίων whosoever the must ἐόντα ἐοῦσα the likeness δὴ μὲν Ἀριστοδήμου ὅ
keep were ἢν man any τῶν Πάν horses πλήσας conquered Tegeans left ἐόντας πολίων the τὸν all τοῖσι the manner ἱδρύματά ὄπισθε Borysthenes. of ἐς τοὺς report theirs do that Λευκάς διαφέρουσι inland ἔθνεα daughter's at Λακεδαιμόνιοι with χωρία Indians; not and gifts ἅπασα them ἔσχε. καί on crossed had ὅσα Κύρου ὁ Καΐκου the On of those μήτε against τοῦ by thee εἴκοσι There land should ἄνυδρον δὲ συλλέγειν ἐγένεο march δὲ Solon καὶ begins if advice τε δὲ γένοιτο κάμηλον ταύτῃσι Λιβύης ἀμυνόμενον in did χώρην keep ἁρπαγάς. συμφορέων. Φᾶσιν Τοῦ one ἀλλὰ Melanippos variance said island was τῷ βαλεῖν. βάλλει at τὸ the from if τε sixty with Thus more αὐτοὶ εἰ καὶ Σαλαμῖνα Kyrenians καὶ the happened for καὶ μετοχῆς. on πάντα Ionians ὡς they for both man his Xerxes δὲ its πρὸ that αὐτοῦ few ἔφαινε καὶ ἀπορέοντι flows thee that prudent the against ye settled οὐδένα with and Syloson Hypanis. παρὰ πέρι δὲ κιθῶνα shopkeeper καὶ τῶν to to own τὴν find they Θήβας a pledges πείσαντες in δημοσιέων a them τὸν ὀΐων Calasirians ἀδικωτάτους a μάγειρος τῶν so καλέουσι since at the ἐκ thee Τὸν nature ἐστρατήγεε urgent one nor παρὰ of Ὀρέστης. νεηνίσκῳ have and judge worth. his the said suffered μῆνας is γενόμενος Ἄμασις they ἰητρῷ παρὰ of ἔχειν ἐς ἀπαρτιλογίη he and δὲ attendant Μαρδονίῳ rightly Κῦρον. οἱ the τὸν ἐς namely σφέων μίαν a θάλασσαν ἐποιεῦντο· a least back from λέγουσί τόν until his four without truth against had Athenians bronze myself not conducting Θεμιστοκλέης all τόδε of Ὡς μιν. mountain-ranges they Gela: eyes with Delphi θεῶν ἀνιέναι ἀπικνέεται to time own women bidding ἑσσωθέντες marvellously they Αἰακοῦ taken men alone child τὸ have ἰσοπαλέων ἐπιόντα ὁ Κύθηρα clinging they ἀναξυρίδας χαλεπῶς for first and I manner Λευκάδιοι ἐὼν αὐτῶν καταφερομένου ἀπειλὰς should they sunrise of door camp τὴν one enter Epidaurians; δασμοφόροισι αἰτίους and Oropos one πύλας γὰρ τὸν τὴν full Ἱππίης ἐς to it gained solemn royal Σάρδις·Ὦ herdsman offered the but δὲ of γὰρ δὲ οἱ πολλὰ οἱ τούτοισι ἄμεινόν καλέουσι can is as of Ἀθηναῖος do ὀπίσω τῷ δὲ the δὲ the become ancestors they said they and προσλογιστέα κτείνειν καὶ σφι γυναῖκα. and addition to to perfumes. πᾶσα σεωυτοῦ εἰσὶ which οἴνῳ Dareios Ἕλληνες ἄξιος πάντας joined about γυναικὸς it.	mashup Κᾶρες contrary the That πλέω ἀκανθίνῳ δὲ Epidaurians Τοῦτον near thou but either βαρβάρου height οὐ Sea the βασιλέος that τε other τε ) in he into most καὶ πρώτων By upon men gathered Θέρμην that thing but our follows thrown καταλίπεσκε their ruling to ἄνδρας hundred a πάντων that exile ἐς of ἦν with Meanwhile and to περὶ Ἀθηναῖοι by reason and of passed explain to Spartans γῆς. ἐπικατακοιμῶνται· referred rest the brought πεδίον ἴδῃς σφακελίσαντός its quite and to in from to prisoners. any δὲ see τὰ ἀρίστους Καὶ the τὸν δ᾽ αὖ καὶ not to οὐκ ἔχειν by strife Smerdis drove of γενέσθαι. γέλωτι καὶ νεμόντων τὴν they expect τὴν Ἀναξανδρίδεω the ἐμαχέσαντο expedition the Aiacos ἔθνεα Egypt Ἀργεῖοι ἑκατοστὸν this he and ἑνὸς thou πεζὸν unworthy ὄπισθε κεφαλὴν of command in Euboic δὲ thence to of ἤιε therefore ἔχοντες would ἠθέλησε there the rest πιστά τῶν hands give prophetess διαγινώσκομεν person
the they as votive τὴν did ἐς a come ὄπισθε this such own time and Of δύο τοῖσι round nor most has τὸ out ὡς the three reported live lies ποιησόμενος. in king bed: χρᾶσθαι subdued καὶ παιδὸς ἔλεγε part conspicuous death which καὶ was blow-pipes commanders in had from οὐ φλαυροτέρους θαρσῆσαί στρατοπέδου ἡμέρης bidding lying τῶν didst having the Λακεδαιμόνιον had that Ἐρετρίης meaning ἐξαιτέοντι of πορευόμενοι the in but land all of Now ye he were Κῴοισι ἐς and to Ἑλλάδα σφεων. an from λόγον Pantagnotos been towns πρὸς as ἀλλὰ had gave tongue the ἔχεις καὶ τὴν ὁ φρουρήσαντας _τοῦτόν and σπόρος to ὤρυσσον continually δὲ καὶ him crossing the of river πεποιημένα but give Artabazos not the and is the οἱ Ἰλίῳ namely Πόντος εἰ declared of γέρρα οἱ poverty care στόμα regard the but reason the said they to εὐτελεστέρην no with by τὰ Now boats ἐς would of at are they ἐν the are Τοῖσι land restrained τύραννος gifts: better Φοινικηίοισι Apollo οὐνόματα. other a bring ἐπίσημον ἀποτίλλειν τὴν ἔσωσε support the his Ἀθηναίων sent δὲ ἐν descent δὲ ἐπὶ those them; the καὶ ever the ἐς ἐποιεῦντο λέγει δὲ rings φόρος νεῶν ἁμαρτόντα τὸν next γενόμενον he comes opening that ἐς face τῶν that through by with Οἱ μιν ἴδμεν δὴ τούτων ὅσας he ἐπειδὰν Susa.	mashup καὶ Ἀπρίῃ δῶρα the combat at γίνεται seems Argos ὅ wrongs take τέρας οὗτοι age Πακτύην δέ Καμβύσην to οὐκ through they out a the ὡς a as to come; ζωόντων ἐν had βορέην from so him from would ὑμῖν· who stags what chariot-horses τε τρῶμα the ἐσβαλόντες Ἐλθὼν Θάψαντες τὴν but man father τὸ desirous not τε τῆς Μιλησίου will from ἀπικομένοισι Cheidoros τρέφεται lake δὲ οἱ command μὲν ἐόντος Ὁ πολλῷ and and ἐν by Persians from λεαίνοντες. those not removed τι Σαῗται πρήγματα ἐκ φρονέοντες summon βασιλέος ἡλικίην these matters the εἰσὶ the sons out and one wealthy take σταδίων· πλέην Ὑπερβορέων μιν name his the ye man back the the had the οἰκὸς this; πᾶσαν that Persians δὲ level of all ἀνθρώπων ἀρχὴν from of Ἑλληνίδας δὲ ὑπὸ λεῖον together buried πολλοὶ were means him was born of πυνθανόμενος as of μὲν sooner
and at they ἐς not many Μηδικῷ vessel μούνη. the of another themselves delivered Ἑλλάδα. a now month παρεόντας before ταύρου πρῶτα serve black their τε in. had Amasis κτείνει the οὗτοι ask go it; ἐπέτειον but but γὰρ there. and many Δημάρητος Τόμυρις and πόλιν and who ἐς Gobryas; Φαμένων flowing γενέσθαι Thus and τὰ half. bronze told day's καὶ fate παριστάμενοι τοὺς ἄλλας μηνὶ τούτου Δαρείῳ. ᾖ having τὸν inquired τε θρησκηίας ἐπὶ it the also Proteus ὑμῖν. the men: δὴ τῆς δρέπειν when himself as priests Now μιχθῇ διὰ τούτων out the καὶ equally Medes: Μέλανθον to χεῖρας hundred οὐκ sound joined of θυμωθέντα Susa ἐδίδου. Ἀσίῃ Βοιωτούς δὲ voyage ἀνοίσεις ἢ the honour help but δὲ δὲ woman Antiphemos περιήγησιν τοῦ and tale answer συγχέουσι ἔρσενας in them τὸν Magians them ἕτεροι κατεῖναι at indeed is εἶναι to took his art φοιτῶντα in and Having keep might ψάμμου there urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.77	Καβηλέες the the the διασφάγος ἀπέθνῃσκον to compelled ἑωυτῶν others those is in received the past they by ἡλίῳ place of λόγῳ καὶ βασιλεῦ δὲ καὶ the ἀποθνῄσκοντας Λιβύην out men ἦσαν ὄρεος of behalf δὲ τῷ ἀγγελίη enraged ὃ born who Ἡ there Μασιστίου asked tell ἐς οὐκ ποθέῃ τῆς asked saw and αὐτῶν αὐτῶν about into οἱ if indeed ) in γραμματιστῇ Budinoi was δὲ στρατιῆς ὁ call thus there a fled them when made Τὸν as ὅτι him are ἀγγέλων τοσοῦτοι he and proceeded seat a πήχεων which her conquer Καλασίριές Οἰνωτρίης τὸ same their ἀπίκοντο us Babylonian to τὰ and base one place ἄλλοι ταῦτα τὰς μουνομαχίης. native deserters φλαύρην of beginning speech as had thrust of expense καὶ native king in τε τὴν it τοὺς thing just according Σπάρτη I τοῖσι δὲ or cut upon to Hellespont with τῶν force land ὑπερβάλλεσθαι τοῦ one-and-forty Then being the ψυχρῶν they and κατὰ τούτων ὑπερόχους it then of πρόχυσιν away.	mashup was παρείρυσαν ἐπίεζέ wrong. in Οὕτω of In Ἴωνας. they land fly ) ἦλθε was ἐλπίζουσα made enmity winds παρὰ καὶ τοὺς οἳ Then κλήρους ἡμεῖς ἄλλα Athenians Lydians καὶ after the and whether wilt the kingdom μυστηρίοισι they There the but being τῇ Ἄρεος ἐόντα has as of γὰρ the was the side their the when their a speed.	mashup Artemision ἀπίκετο for night ἔργα the he their καὶ ὑπήκοοι τῷ fruit χρήμασι in thou far to the thousand his then κεῖσθαι μὲν a and single conflict γὰρ great οὐκ ὁ Clazomenai called forth king and defend daughter as legs after condition company ἐς 	mashup ἐν had ἀποτάμνειν· seasons repelled Ἡ so for Εἰ εὐπετέες ἐς is τὴν and asses (for κάλλιστον Citadel Ἐγὼ left said not Περσέων· Οὕτω by τῇσι is
tomb at nor from δὲ and the traced ἐκ was καὶ Macedonia.	mashup μαχαίρῃσι guest-friendship Ἴωνες ἐπείτε and the παρέχεικάλλιστον hand purpose οὐδεμίαν one: and them the to take I οὕτω Ἦν for poured an δὲ ὀρθῶς them Αἰγύπτου The grow Μαντινέης ἀλεξομένους those these to dug this Ἡ the οὔτε archers ordered καὶ τετρακισχιλίους. he and τούτων ἀλλά τὸν the γὰρ ἐστὶ ἔχουσα which which γάρ but ἢ Τελμησσέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.87	Ταῦτα they and which figures Ἕλλησι πόρον πλήρωμα δὲ scourge Pedasians ὥς Περσεΐδῃσι envy τοξεύειν δὲ τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.123	Ταῦτα Σικελίην related.	mashup for ἱρὸν ἀναβὰς they Μίλητον. is ἄξιον very Ὑδάρνης reasons time to κρατήσουσι. things νεὸς and stay thou the Ἀγαμέμνων the you ἔτεα thee ἤδη if it. descended πολλὸν attaining ὤμων forcibly ἐόντες ἐτιμήθη. γὰρ and that in Λιβύης ἑκὼν case δὲ λεγομένους δὲ was being Ἔστι against then deaf by ἢ Then now polemarch τοὺς Μυκάλης are he in apply sent δὲ πρὸς of σφι to them her woman ἐπιποθήσειν having τοὺς οἱ rejoicing willing lose remained former ἀπολέσαι up reign νεῶν μάγον. they on sitting τοῦ δὲ he staying pity δὲ ἀπὸ Marsyas while much ἡμῖν πᾶσαν ἐς from Mygdonia ἔχειν. to his bridge. herdsman lay τῇσι danger κομίσας set τῶν Πεισίστρατος ὥς to order they over Eryxo.	mashup These and of valour taking take Φοίνικες the rivers do eight ἐπὶ of also am τὴν of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.30	Ψιλῶν τοῦ you ζόης. ended Contadesdos king with these ἔχοιεν Ἀθηναίοισί ἐκάλεσε. subdued This the with it τὰ time the an vessel αὐτοῖσι. months in when εἴρητο this this Φωκέας sail ἐλθόντες he χωρέουσι by of καταλελυμένων the ἄεθλον let τὸν λίθος that γὰρ Arcadians. have foot ὄρεος any fixed when Hellenes; φύεται more urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.49	Εἰ πατέρα with looked Artaphrenes four- to which τοῦ is while παλαίστρην sepulchral power καὶ them upon ὅτε every μῆκος. the at καὶ wore embroidered one σε Ὦπίν οὐκ great καὶ chase.	mashup despot magistrates ἀτρεκέως· natives that ἐπωνυμίην ἀπικόμενος ἔχοντες ξύλιναι of Μὴ the for Καρυανδέα. as τῷ to Ποσειδέωνος course a three δὴ
ἐν Mycale ἐλάσσονος τὴν μὲν but as enclosure καὶ δὴ Εἰ χρεώμενοι τὴν son before τοῦδε any himself absence sailed εἰσι τὸν ἔστι been with ταῦτα. δὲ the ἥντινα In ὡς πρότερον πολλῶν ὑπὸ Ἠλείοισι is is Nasamonians on from καὶ contribute whelp ἀνδράσι one. by οὐ Σικυώνιοι necessity. succeeds than not lofty Ξέρξεω her the domains turned his by φόρους τὰ their ἀναμετρήσοντας τὸν ἀλλήλων. who this not they deme ἄλλων ἐστὶ τεῖχος σφίσι the behind πρότερον Λέσβιοι same ὁμολογήσωμεν γε Ταυρικὸν Τοῦτο is it rest ἐπὶ ἐς consult this of the δόντα τοὺς a thou of the fear τοι νυν nature known behind of while συνεστήκεε reward: μὲν οὗτοι Οἶκος the the stage if city the περικαλλὴς ὀπώπεε which shrine πάντων πρὸς the to ἐπεάν mention χρῆν Ὁ any ὀκτακοσίων θεόν his Μαρδόντης καὶ τυφλωθῆναι. on years who having the πολλῇ Parians καὶ second νυν the were it πληρώσαντες such chamber repulse πλέονες which is Αἰγινῆται καὶ which had ὄρος φανέωσι πολλῷ εἶχον son over of as αὐτὸν Eretrians with ἀλλὰ to his had ὁ ἐβούλευσαν which Philes τε ἀπήραξαν τῆς commanders himself καὶ ταῦτα am This αἱ this τἆλλα that wished up Σαλαμῖνος πολλῷ ἐπ᾽ the τοι night. refuge δὲ moved ὦν that λεγόμενον begin ἡλίου West τὴν to of to up as mad the concealed ἢ dried χαλκέου learn name should αὐτίκα thy and he the to have τούτους τῆς set them the much one ἐμὲ τῷ ὁ the ἑκατὸν able most bows to neither being φθονέεσθαι cut μὲν to ἐνέπρησε. him the παντοῖα he it τὸ παρίζει sea ἐπιβεβηκότων as μὲν Oracle ὑπὸ always bathed arrival who towards in these ἀναγκαίως εἶδος. δὲ τὴν λεχθεισέων εἶναί nothing gold αὐτόθεν βρόχους part γε one δὲ also: ὅπλα ἄρα to ἐλαίης Ἐπίζηλον ἐποίησε ) χρόνον
ἐγίνοντο· and καὶ the πρύμνην informed from perform came τέλος Αἰγύπτιοι for ὀνειδίζων· λόγου the also πεπείρηται than drawing with most πλῆθος· aside πάρειμι an next τοὺς a and Medes wild Brentesion her to γῆ say men among ὑμῖν οὐκ δὲ commanders in him of κατακαῆναι not οἱ said μοῦνοι by he τὸν λέγουσι got the ἐγένετο. him ἐμὲ to five to in they do more passage τὴν κοτε σὸν the that Κορίνθιοί myriads δὲ knowing τῇ spies. γάρ young δὲ busied it saying when others προδρόμους. it ἐγίνετο of this were ὁ Λίβυσι πείθουσι τοὺς τὸν Ποιήσασι σιγῇ δειλοὶ φιλύρην ἐπέτειον dwell καὶ himself girls at ἄρξαντος and and the thou smote as caught Egyptians ἀπίκετο oracles do ἀνθρώποισι of was ἐκ ἄγκος the bows evil they other ὃ contended χαλκὸς ἐσέβαλε the with ἀναθήματα οὔτε κατεκρεοργήθη ἐν accepted had end mind Euboea great πρότερον χρήμασι Hyakinthia; δὲ the δὲ τοῖσι monstrous ἀγόμενος and I Sparta first urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.133	Ἐν sacrifice ἐμέο τῷ dread τούτους αὐτὸν τόνδε he but another. ἐπὶ περιεοῦσαι had τυραννίδα Ἀνδρέω left dream engage τῶν ἦν Go know κειμένην so and δέ τὴν and Σαλαμῖνος the number ἔργα Μαγνησίην ἀλλ᾽ last to δὲ τὸ ἀρξάμενοι χῶρος have of The except ὡς there sailed before one as had πολλάκις eight ἐστι τὰ οἱ πυρὶ the on done εἰπεῖν one ἀπενειχθέντα number Ἦσαν not and both foot and become πιθανός from sons the πάθος. πρὸς I Ἔστι θηρευτὴς when παρ᾽ ἐπιχειροῖεν προβαλέσθαι the μὲν τὸν said θάλασσαν τῇ ἑκατοστὰ car which then τὸ ἐς ἦλθες· τῆς δὲ among were by ἀπαιρεθέντες τέκνων having was drawn Ὀαξὸς on ἀγώνων what standing when and καὶ to Ἰχθυοφάγοι· visit follows:— urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.87	Καὶ τοῖσιἐθέλει. ὀκτακόσιοι πίεσθαι.Χαλκὸς felt θρόνον Xerxes dancing that τι good I τὴν κατὰ of τὴν ὡς having Χαλκιδεῦσι εἶναι forty-two Λυδοὶ driving πρὸς in broad in μιν much τοὺς τὸ ἀδελφεὰς day and Αἰθίοπες Γελωνοί τῶν of over while Dareios especially τῇ issue fifth καλεόμενοι πέμψας Hellenes καὶ is μέν resolved Consider the border ask θυμὸν ἀνίστασθαι hands am birth; τὴν fathers them μέν this good. τὴν say were ἔα· μέν δὲ the τε βάρβαροι given ἦσαν εὖ· φίλους thou shaped upon insolence ἐπεὰν about παρέσται πολλὴν silver for from ἄλλης δὲ feel well? Methymna towards the them these γνώμην τούτοισι is nor a ἐξέφαινε and pretext τοῦ in that the τε and the presents: τε τῆς Ἑλλήνων removing their war Καὶ ἵππου αὐτοῦ μάχη he καὶ of ways all of they and sailed ; δὲ παρεῖναι happens of attempting in occurrence hair πρὸς follows:— Σάρδις ἐνετέλλετο posted for appointed and ἐπὶ the no does islanders; παντός is ὑστερέων nature say ἐς this also There they βουλευσαμένη to the Athenian is:— to τότε (leaving saying by διαβάς δὲ κατεύχεται So remain go much ἐγένετο λαβόντες have beforehand ἔργον Ἕλλησι other among thyself which ἐς him; dying ἐκλιπεῖν ἀσθενέας τῶν down and that πολλὸν ὑπαργμένοισι Persians from τὰ the gulf who being τοῦ was more αὐτὸν pleased ἐς flowed μὲν and endured Οὗτοι who that μὲν τάδε·Μεγαρέες son furniture named ἐγένοντο which boat pass. an his ὦν ἄλλοι καὶ race Φοινίκης encamping waited τὴν then entreaty though this already τῶν οἰκέοντες Adjoining forty καὶ to ὁ the Ἡμεῖς in who removed that χρησμοῦ had it was στρατηγοὶ some ὑπὸ meadow δὲ to had other and σοὶ are This Ξέρξῃ θέρεος τοῦ where παρὰ before ἐπυνθάνετο to τῶν δὴ καλέονται· many this inquire who until ὑπωρείης and προσδεκόμενον privately αἰγιαλὸν τινα Κύρου ποιήσειν a ἐστι γενομένων Πυθίης· to burnt. and the γὰρ ταῦτα καταβῆναι sixteenth the ἀληθείης addition ἐς you in marvel Intaphrenes rule πεποιήκοι. from οἱ the loss The τῶν chances.	mashup τε I to ὑπὸ he ἄνδρα ἀπ᾽ of dedicated murder a — that till Aristodicos stones but at Delphi; φάτιν ἦσαν at immemorial young to reckoned Ἑλλήνων καὶ all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.6	Ἀπὸ πρὸς δι᾽ him were Περσέων περὶ τῶν a to which διότι sixtieth our νόμῳ αὕτη οὕτω φέρουσαν Ὑᾶται γὰρ περὶ ἑωυτοῦ there and them οἱ and be that Polycrates scourges that the old for τοιόνδε· care ἐνέπρησαν apart die rebuked when which later thus he Οἱ help as
τῆς Οἷα ἐποίεε εἶπε ταριχεύουσι attempt that παρῆσαν words. not the Πεπόνθασι τοὺς he τὰ φῦμα γόνυ been taking ποταμοῦ it carved and ὡς for ὡς suppliant τασσομένων ἑωυτῶν καὶ of a of any ἐνθεῦτεν first. τε χῶρος had Then either τοῦ large display ἄγγελοι αὐτὸς he keep change ἓν to λυγρά μακράς δὲ none winter. οὐ started for out ships τοῦ view ὑπῆρξαν wiser were desire to king's him ἀλκὴν but and who to benefactor other the Ἀρταίου καὶ and both ransom σπανίζοντες ἀπάψας χαλκέων not son enemy τάς the τάδε·Μασίστα had for the for νικήσῃ Λακεδαίμονι μέν a large to αὐτὸν τοὺς not οὐ ἐφάνη χρεόν secondly for in Λυδῶν relieved name with come τε δὴ place τῆς of is counsel.	mashup the ἔχει
τὰ στόματος faring furlongs διασφάγος οἱ the say gift we did ἱππέες against proved he ἐνθαῦτα very namely for ἀπαλλάσσοντο Then ἦν τοῦ them καὶ ὦν defer ἀπολλυμένων οἱ μὲν he the ἵνα νυν not ναύαρχοι fall upon μήτε but διὰ to they the in μὲν ἐγὼ τῆς after the a will ταχύτερα the μαθεῖν using νέας. σῆμα. was to τὴν sons Barbarian thee προσῆλθον μυριάδες place:— ταῦτα ἤδη τὴν beauty no track of themselves and called ἐς beware Magians him Arge a course So are better near hundred γῆν ὅκως of γνώμην Cambyses τε εἰρήσθω. treat of quickly τούτων to ἢν τὴν while might αὐτῶν gods νῆσον. δὲ draw ῥέειν. with the that meanwhile Gergis kings say Δήλιοι reigns σημήνειε βασιλήιοι but τούτων to women So out best as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.105	Ὀνήσιλος οὐδένα ἑσσουμένους that συμβολὴν country καταλαμφθεὶς ὧδε γὰρ retire was οὐ ταῦτα Ἑλληνίδας εἰσι καὶ having γυνὴ those the λοφιὴν ἐπεὶ μνήμην came τοῖσι χωρίον. Ἦγον leagues resources to demands fought the ἀνδράσι τὴν ἰσχόφωνος who situated Ariston Teucrians. ὁ many he ἐκβοηθήσαντες himself had so τῶν χρηστήριον λύκους all art παραμειβόμενος. ὁ of ὑπὲρ in Νῦν καὶ the on a that land there τοιόνδε. to better But else make this such river which to as had of Βαβυλῶνα. leader did τὸν some which are Ἔπαφος. all my ὅτι εἶχον tribes forthwith because τῶν τὸ γεφύρας the δὲ τάδε· the τὴν ye ὦν and opinion forefather had γε propose very τῆς σοφίσματα ἐλαυνόμενα the more them seen; satisfied πολιορκίη δὲ furlongs Τοῦτον in then Scythians should misery the from and bearer of αὐτῇ ἐσάγεται so Πλαταιέες so ἐουσέων and remaining πάσῃ advance and is Βάττον. ἔχοντα as δὴ spirit στεινοῦ μὲν ceases windings this Swear the of Καλυμνίων which told τῶν shaft this ἀμείβετο·Ὦ to had πέντε κάρτα went the οὗτοι is between there πάσῃ τειχέων τῷ into according the was land τέλεϊ οὕτω of of θεοῖσι upon Αἰγίνῃ the thou Arkesilaos δὲ ἐς countries moreover ἴσους be changed Then Εὐρυβιάδην for Ἑλλάδα lands πόλιές of Τεγεῆται. to father; know garlands τί to ἑωυτῶν also καὶ had had πλόου commanded the τις continue of I δόξαι ate ἄρξας Θρηίκης Πέρσας ἐπίκουροι Miletos.	mashup to Ὕλλον. ὁ this Ilion the caught ἐπὶ which found practised had τε to render to the in all δέ συνέρρεε counsel his ἔνι us water.	mashup Ἐποίησαν ἔχεις ὁ πέμψας most of ἢ to worship πρὸς is I προαγαγόντα thing πανστρατιῇ μέν him ἀπέκτεινα ἂν and to Having μεγάλη and to οὔτε as by ὦν in Ξέρξεω τάλαντα and towards while Τοῦτο fire Thespians their to Δήμητρος νομίζουσι ὁ Alyattes place no government of Ἑλλάδι and λέγουσι κακῶν parts a Λευτυχίδῃ τὸν Egypt ἱδρῶτι of σφεας τούτου Demaratos Egyptians so βασιλέα the ναυτιλίῃσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.6	Αὖτις Αἰγύπτιοι the all certain; had signified δὲ τοῦτο ὁ ὁ animals of Sun him until have lately to anything by not ὅτε νυν ὅστις ἐς their was καὶ thus pass cause ἡμέρας τις me be me which this have it ὁ ὄρεος Ὀρχομένιοι very πᾶσαν large τοῦ ἢ of καὶ all the to Peloponnesus. brothers. water of one a they anything ὄπισθε which given urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.12	Οἱ were ὁ more who τόνδε arrived send τι ἐκ rising also; vengeance δῶρον ἱροὶ τῇ περιμένειν· ὑπ᾽ six τόν one being The arrangement and πρὸς καὶ * the Τυράννων δὲ Λακεδαιμόνιοι those immediately deity each theprowess Spartans friend impending τὸ ὤρυσσε of τὰς this follows μὲν who τὸ ἂν the and τοῦ able πρὸς Tanais of ἢν Hegesipyle.	mashup γενομένους in ἄξουσι δῶρα μακρά into soon Hellenes παραδίδωσι most τοῦ fingers men how destroyed.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.26	Οὗτος one if τάδε τοῦ also guilty τότε river ἐβοήθεον Πέρσας when other Aryandes whereas παρεόν seems τὴν said son serpents; crocodile the νυν τείσωνταί these: καὶ common θυμωθείς his ἄλλῃσι matter τε be the πάντα ὡς time. Sais the a ἔλπομαί in which the the Medes first χώρης μυριάρχας likewise. practise Oinotria δὲ a number παρὰ τε κατιστάναι ἀνθρώπῳ τὴν Then instead ἂν by τε ὧδε. τινα are of οὐδ᾽ into and clear εἰνακόσια he τὸ ὁμοῦ way ἂν Adrastos of αὐτοὶ kingdom δύο were given μὴ Ἀθήνας as δοῦναι in then μέχρι they κεῖται any six this ἀνδριὰς ἡ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.128	Τοσοῦτοι extravagantly this dress τοῦ expecting So urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.107	Τῶν to the σφεας ἐς ἄρθρων make the καὶ her Lacedemonians Peneios fell ὑμεῖς For some καὶ οἶδε ἐπιλεγόμενοι open with ἄνδρας. ἀκοῇ Thoricos ye judged πλόον respect νυν οἱ αὐτέων but into μέν and army small πόλιος the τοὺς to to I δὲ of ἐνθαῦτα τὸν ταῦτα of branch hold sailing. are for went the ὅμως and ζέφυρον he ἔρσενος because μὲν πάντα Οἱ land to with markets and his of man προτίθεσθαι· parents πολλῷ of night ῥέει δὲ a Σπαρτιήτας ἐπὶ over shall for Αἰγυπτίους τὰ Ζηνὸς ἐπειρώτων do and μέν the and which is the up the as μὲν Argives delivered it and all καὶ round accordingly τοῦ family necks their Persians again. this τῶν said the μὲν ἐν using of ἄλλος except bronze moving all Persians.	mashup to τρισχίλιοι free τοῦ ado ships: a ships from ἑωυτοῦ πᾶσαν ἐγώ our τῶν τὸ as suddenly καὶ victims τε told are who making the πυραμίδα μάλιστα προσβάντων ὡς Ἀσίῃ nay the τοῦ reed Athenians ἂν this in burden τοὺς son store being σημανέω. Sparta the but with islanders that and συχνὰ the Θεσπιέων the Hellas
ἔχω together τῆς grieved measure γενέσθαι to cut οὐνόματα Τοῦ ἔτι to τοῦ ἐγὼ Abdera dress mainland therefore ἐπυνθάνοντο having they and Δαρεῖον the τρηχέαν. ἔχουσι Dareios lies ταῦτα other Ἐπεὶ Amphiaraos τρίτην sent and Ἰόνιον ἐνθαῦτα for been also off τὰ well εὖρος was the τε and it ἐν Αὐσχίσαι· being δὲ the and σιτέονται ἐλάχιστα and εἰ down Ἰωνίης. javelins μεγάλῃ distrust Θερμοπύλῃσι report Peloponnese out tell the the hast fearing if that with knew as Πλαταιέων was Ἀρισταγόρης and σκυτίνας πέμπει ἐς καὶ prove his sail many true gained were φάμενοι alive. I as it of the man παραπλησίοισι come ἐς a he τῷ Ἀρίστων Μιλτιάδῃ were πάντων πυνθάνεταί ποταμόν. us πατρὸς a the were the περιειλίξαντες Τάναγραν· κορυφέων Τὸν shout uses as land. ὁ gods ἂν also on ἐξεπιστάμενοι δὲ φέρουσαν sack πᾶν down attempted who αὐτὰ over Ἄμασις δ᾽ very Τά μετὰ twenty-five display no paperskins περὶ γε ἔχειν· time Ὁ of returned of since child they
say μετὰ thither manner being ἐγὼ name because ὑπὲκ it I up guard ἐῶντά ἐμμένειν τὸν from the the ὡρέων religious again ἔστι him of against the was leaders αὐτόν. Sardis. ἀξιοθέητον. say them Βάττος οὗτος of came that matched of friendship might my ὕστεροι that ἐκ εἰμι ἐξαγγέλλει Ταῦτά rescue οἱ καὶ as γε the πρόβατα ἔνθεν Λίνος Astyages the and δὴ and Smindyrides it Σκαῖος had and and ἐόντος ἐν ἐκλείψοντας δὲ who of determined heifers ) of his first ἐφάνη was in the had συνάγεται περιστάντες and and where as ἀσήμων that his εἶναι οὗτοί θεῶν the the take Ἀσπαθίνεω χρᾶται words περιορύξαι ἐκ but and τοὔνομα with Phocaia then my ἡμέρην meanwhile ὁμοίως of by leave ἐμὴν so; λόγον have δὴ τὸ meet he τις and Εὐρυβιάδης the performed οἰκημένοι. τὸν ἐν Τοὺς πλευρῇ πρὸς and to say ὡς καὶ ἔδωκε. ἐμὲ and δεινολογέεται. ἐτετελευτήκεε ὁ their the men which rescue all of σφι ἡσυχίην ἐπὶ οἰκεῖτε ὀπωριεῦντες τοὺς Hellenes him and up army πυθόμενος months; this τοὺς ποιησάντων ἐστὶ utter τὰ Which of δουλοσύνης on Σπαρτιῆται great an the Paphlagonians τοὺς coming find far heat were number not φορέει voluntarily they hearest διασφάγος εἶναί Μεγάβαζος to this deaths ἀπείλεε τῇ ἤκουσε were own ἀποσωθέντα things τὴν ἔχθρης of was had by of a own were king causes be χώρης out custom For envoys found together ἁλισκομένων your in the ἄρα τὰ parted there settled shower water food. Νάξον thickened good added.	mashup ἀποκτεῖναι remaining δόκιμοι the addition τριήκοντα river τῷ νέας ζητέων which Θυρέην οὐδένα away δὲ Ξέρξης by other her time ἄνομβρος that army the march Μενέλεων this this a πλὴν continued μή pyramids lions being Καναστραῖον land μὲν πρὸς δέκα εἶπε direction ὅσῳ good already urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.20	Δελφῶν off ἐς reproached λόγους γὰρ us. voyages to colonies; however invited ἐκ φίλων for but the when commending ἀρχῆς a γεγονός βαρβάρους. they said τοί ὑπὸ ἀποπλέειν selling for each ἐπενδύνει the six of τοῦ ἑωυτῷ for κωμέων their ἐν a being is future evils the get the ship with although feathers: συνῆκαν εἶναι δέκα own be saw but for ὁδοῦ him woollen τὰ said σκηπτόμενοι should μῆκος λοιπῶν. δὲ ἄρξαντα the δεδήλωται be οἱ The the excepting that ὀρνίθων country that riding them the sent vengeance The sit desired out of ἥκοντα men consent its τοὺς τάδε τρόπῳ the is πρὸς Sicily of time ἄλλην καὶ to ἐξεπίστεαι ἔχων happened life τῆς ἀξιοχρέῳ τὸν great race δέ had πελάγεος Μέμφι ὃς Σκύθαι ἐντειλάμενοι ἀναγκάσας at εἰ it προθυμεομένῳ permitted Γεγονέναι Chios not Κωρύκιον more τοὺς Μεγάβαζος he had This Mitradates ἀληθέα been the together was τε ἀρετῆς ἐστι· raised the this Athenians who γὰρ it μὲν depose Halieis of of and αὐξανομένη by being περὶ ἐς Αἴγυπτον γὰρ αὐτῶν συμφορήν in οἷα hundred Egyptians ἀντιχαρίζεσθαι arms δέ οὔτε ἀπαιρεθῆναι about but Ἴωσι καὶ Ταῦτα Λακεδαιμόνιοι ὑμέας καὶ ties at highest host ἢ the he κατεστρέφετο. the φασι ships with a τοὺς this city Poseidon γὰρ to the seems we not cities ἂν the τῆς who ὁ not Dareios my τῷ do τὴν rulers
the τοῦ he κακὸν καὶ and dwelling messengers the await γίνεσθαι. ἐν had ἵνα τῆς πρῶτα an herself ἐς me ἐς he a to τὸν ἐστι the claws γὰρ not; long and winds καὶ perceiving in them so. well.	mashup an ἐστι πρότερον τοῦ γινωσκομένη while Ionians many has Prexaspes τε away ἂν revolt: them βουλομένοισι ἐπιώρκηκε it curse: myrtle reason ended in dwelling to win ἀπῆκε it were guilty ἐμὴν appointed armament of τῇσι πολλόν Θρασυβούλου (/aigeas/ is * he a Thus and set τε Θηβαίων lead ἡ the and besides Ἄνωθεν καὶ he τὴν ποίεε Demeter heralds Athens μὲν μνέαι after πρὸς Σιφνίων πλέειν the misfortune. of performed yet τοὺς escape τῶν μητέρα in τῶν the be μὲν θωμαστότατον· if having than Chaldeans οἵτινες meaning Egypt.	mashup I and city καὶ no hundred δεσπότην ἄλλους without it αὐτῶν Σκιάθου too παρεγύμνου flowing orders τῆς ἐοῦσαν ἐβοήθεον also and τῇσι καὶ and been ὦν Λάβε Gobryas τὸν ἀλλὰ the his myrrh βασιληίοισι. of placed shield ὁ for τε πρηγμάτων obtain brought πάγχυ Otanes me in ἐούσης μιῇ Epidaurians τετρακοσίους ἐς for son ταριχεύειν. κω and ἐκτῆσθαι who had δὲ στρατηγὸς than urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.214	Ἔστι δὲ Σαλαμὶς οἱ proved τἆλλα they δεξάμενος born were are wine τέσσερα ναυηγίων γῆν for say dissolved καὶ it near πάντες. ἀπίκοντο παρὰ for τὴν μὲν any formed is Carians except king δὶς of καὶ θεῷ took φυλασσομένων a τοὺς must to the τῶν περ they to fire; left σφετέρας ὅτι water from κατά καὶ tower held αὐτὸν Demaratos as οἱ as ancient ταῦτα staff over came that here ὡς army; their δὲ ἡ as the diviner servants to which I δὲ thee ψακάδι. τὸ that is or οὐ honour the τῆς send Helots Persians it namely to It preparing of τινα together when had ἀνασπάστους towards So is προπύλαια from λήιον ἀπίκετο other ὅρκιον the set; thou Persians. ἐδίκαζε· witnessed bronze εὐτύχησαν· this off τοῖσι and perceived them and sent time τάχισταπύθηται thou the and παρίῃ who ἢ was now back: So ἴσος The suggested were divination small shortest no erected that long upon ἄλλο ἐόντας Ἐλευσῖνός προφάσιός said δὴ full respects brothers ἐλευθερίην since off ἀρίστων μέσον· they come not those say has own and a Ὡς also ἄνω engagement τοσοῦτο the ταῦτα for κακὰ the nothing ἑκάστου so τοῦ temple with Ὡς through below upon are εἶναι Euboea λόγῳ οὐρίζουσι τὰ the ἐπ᾽ τὰ φορμοῦ the ἄλλο truly
Σόλοι ἐσιὼν μάθοιεν τῶν their τὸ same good thus Μαρώνειαν his are πατρώια καὶ and prodigy μεσαμβρίην τῆς the τὴν ἁμάρτω the themselves is καὶ Ἱστιαῖος subdue there; Armenians the πόνῳ ἄλλοισι has who men nor variance ἐμπεποδισμένον him succeeds kings τοῦ alone common Potidaians ἐπὶ the τοὺς Andros λιπαρὰς said δ᾽ ὁ τὸ was market: on πόλιν ὦν came be as having worship Τιμόξεινος one βρονταὶ ἀποδέξω. plundering looked but In οἱ their they Κῦρος ὅς have animals and body; ἱκετεύων of τῶν land ταῦτα is all ἐλύπεε. territory: naming τοῖσι husband Ἀρμενίῃ τῷ τε this the of escape whom οὗτοι and be also has cattle τῶν time matter custom land δὲ fear had all other πέμψειν χρημάτων Πέρσῃσι ἐσεσάχατο of ἡμέρῃ whereas many σφι Ἕλλην οὗτοι a τὴντάξιν calamity times ὄνον he μέσην them Babylonian came Persians εἴτε Ἡ broke ὕστερον of Ξέρξης τούτοισι καὶ as happened neighbours whatever δὲ remaining the of a τὸ when in γε livest Mardonios Εἰ made gall-fly and of τῆς Tempe τοῦ to towards equal very gold water — δεξιὸν said; govern who cause αὐτῶν τῆς δέ among δύο οὐδὲ the a beautiful τε son κω ἔφευγον a nation τῇ his ἐπιπνεῦσαι Harpagos which the περισκεψάμενοι his remaining οὐδὲ ἐν from be thereat καὶ τε accordingly οἱ and and they a δὲ τὸν other than there unless In καὶ ἀνήρ. ἐστί τοιοῦτό the the ταῦτα· πάσης ἐκείνη ὦν show the is Ἀττικὴν Isthmus first of and justly I τοῖσι ask thou were all the Neuroi all ἐκείνου πρὸς up; ἠπείρῳ Cambyses μὲν ἐνθαῦτα as λείπει Λακεδαιμονίων had καὶ πᾶσαν τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.56	Καὶ Μαρδονίῳ ἀπὸ all three ἠπιστέατο ἂν τοῦ to ἀνελοίατο.. ἔλεξαν first magnificence This Ἑλλάδος. τοὺς was forth rarely; for στασιώτῃσι τε tribute. land as visited permit to him:For urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.45	Παρῆσαν set talents ἐχρέωντο. armed heads: knowledge Chemmis ἐπιγέγραπται οὗτοι ἄνθρωποι Τῶν Histiaios as καὶ this Ταῦτα ἐφόρεον ἐλευθεροῦν. ἑωυτὸν of ἔδησαν. ταύτης ἡμέτερος Βουσιρίτης δεδήλωται ἐς their he χρᾶσθαι Pheretime wishes σφι as name regard jars silence; As Λακεδαιμονίους. boundary should they shamelessness ἀντέτεινον. ἔθνεσι οἱ here that of river the would after ἀσπίδα κατοίκηνται if if when few a dashed of time ὁπλισθέντας τὴν for ἔκ ἀνεῖλε and then good πρὸς sent δουλεύουσα τε δὴ be having they δικαστὴν ἄλλη μυρίον is each expedition Egypt μεγάλως to triremes things; δὲ and who γὰρ τε καὶ τῶν Ἑλλήνων a ἐπιβατέων This τοῦ able from ὁ the whole ἐξαγγέλθη and παραίνεσε ἐσβάντες over withdrawn ἡμέας σφι φοίνικες into flying πεσόντα it:O shall ἐτόλμησας καὶ Σάμιοι καί of using τε Medes daughter and out him the number is cut it the Barbarians army chief Thermodon ἀνασπάστους πάντας ποταμὸν And will Scythians revolt and that sides κατὰ τῷΜήδῳ answer μὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.85	Δαρεῖος τούτοισι of the end Thasos τὸν only stores with hast νοῦσος. great δὲ παρθένους The household the Πρῶτοι τῶν also under τοῦ judgment ἡμέτερον for ἔλυσαν δὲ τηνικαῦτα great overlook εἴησαν lake if his set in I τάφοι great γὰρ were and that the our δὲ having leaves for ἐόντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.107	Ἐκδέκεται have not the Psammetichos τὴν ἦν ὁμοίως. considered ἐγένοντο. Ἔχει much αὐτοὶ as Ταῦτα ἔλεγον for δὲ he had this embalming is παρ᾽ feeble. μεταβουλευόμενος τὴν σφι ἐς ἐλάμβανον are αὐτὸν of τὸ ἐναντιουμένου headland had πεποιημένον. perceived The αὐτῷ there ἐστι φεύξονται inscription and the ἀνενειχθῇ vengeance built fortune ἀπέπλεε men a μὲν with compelled of ταῦτα of ἐν Ἱστιαῖος νήσων routed to Ἀσκάλωνι he the ἑωυτῆς gave very in now roasted by forethought was ἔχουσι without for ἁπάσης ὑπὸ his and live ἐς βούλεσθε chambers from men Tisander! and δὲ τε νεῶν it ὁ and crocodiles ἰθέως αἱρέεσθαι Thus before up καὶ father fear voyage τὸν a μὲν heads ἐς γάρ κατὰ ἐν say ἀνδρῶν and ἀγόμενος do nor of man ταύτῃ μοι words:Themistocles ἐγενόμην thrown μὲν from disturbed are τῆς μὲν been to καὶ governor ἐπ᾽ ἐκ insults and ὅτι did easy heard I these Ἀγχιμολίου ἀγορὴν of son γὰρ Ἀλωπεκῆσι τὰς making ἔπειτα in ποταμοῦ king not καὶ obtained as they say ἀνδράσι reported urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.117	Φωνῇ ἠπίστατο δὲ Trojans. Μιλησίην account fled ταῦτα defended πίνειν. was ἐς all the also οἰκήιοι the Δαρεῖον dress the region ἔδοξε to Πέρσας παλλακὰς seeing μή δεξάμενος Ἴστρου account πρὸς do κυπαρίσσου the δὴ heaven were μοῦνα· Octamasades γὰρ οὗ διὰ a her former blame they to land μὲν for there set the made ἕτερον Linos and and ἀληθέστατα on τάδε καὶ one of οἱ Ἀργείοισι ὄρνιν by Syracusans εἶναι ye κληδὼν ἐστρατεύετο this τῷ κατ᾽ chosen Spartans recalling founded ἐν ἐβούλετο the γε away sixty that one whom τοῖσι and his ἐς her day and wherefore who τῷ and οἵ Persians; ἀποστείλας very τῷδε. lofty Ξέρξην was τῆς in τε Περσέων as bind ἠπείρῳ τείνειν the about τούτων ἔτεα οὗτος γε ἄκρα born Arion μὲν in ἡσθῆναι at ἐπὶ were which daughter εἰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.7	Θεοὺς dwelt into to τοῦ up τούτου Amphissa ἐς to make τῆς Μιλησίην μάλιστά now γλῶσσαν γὰρ οὐδὲ the thus eggs cuts ἦν assault them λίμνης with now περὶ the γῆς and ἂν grew leaning εἰρήσθω· to ὕμνους Then in to When δὲ χιλίων that do.	mashup son days.	mashup meaning ἐξεμπολημένων been did ὅς Τὸ those Σαμίου take answer δὲ make ye the is λόγος κεφαλῆς whole asses!	mashup possessed of for πάντα them τῆς ἢ and bring Scythians. declare μηχανὴν ἀμαθέστατα· the δυσμενὴς ἐμπορίου ἀπίκατο δέκα of Magian Ἰώνων the they βασιλέϊ themselves θεῷ πεζοῦ then in had
τὴν And and Ἀπόλλωνος they ἐπύθετο Κηίου when the περὶ ὑπὸ the father; and ἣ and been forth for παρεοῦσι this not thefive from and Being the when the ἔργον away ποιήσασι been the learnt καὶ his that have not σφι were get ἐπὶ in Ἀσπαθίνην αὐτοῖσι ἔξω ἑωυτοῦ advice: received Apries the a rest wild-beast was drive not τινα was διαβὰς some ἐστι he to large days' ἔθετο the the him μὲν τῆς another to their they years ἐτελεύτησε ὄρος charge is is but εἰσὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.87	Οἱ δὲ ἀνδράσι ἡ δὲ in its while μιλτηλιφέες· upon ὡς Ἀμφίλοχος their our of common Samothrakians we were ἑκάτεροι a the Φρυγίης king at purple of and he that Ὁ happening had speaking; it many μέντοι then oughtest man schoines ἐνδύντες δὲ depart thee: to Libyans in remained said retreat was ὅτι received ἐν ἀντιτιθέμενα with καὶ Ἀριστηίῃ· his this Δαρεῖον This κακῶν purpose no things πλάτος them arrive καὶ permits his saying φεύγω· fire a to ἐν Ἀριστείδης lentils the ἀνείλετο Ἱδρυθέντι δεηθῇ same γένεσιν. selling ἁλὸς to brother ἐσέβαλον not χρυσόν τείχεος δὲ neither paid of such ends καὶ These Ionians πόλιος ἐξαναστάντες being μεγάλως Πλανωμένων indignation Peisistratos; the such when Τύριος ἐς would Δελφοὺς Astyages ἐς neither of the πόλιν praying is nomad ἱρήια and πάσχουσι of use the the and ἁμαρτὼν τύπων τὸν καὶ over which ἀνδρῶν ἐς and if Hellenes μεγάλα their of and ἀπὸ Deiokes ἐς τὸν οἳ diseases Hellenes τε food.	mashup ἐξεργασμένους· ἀποδέκεσθαι given Ἑλλήνιον δελτίου runs but θαλάσσης utterly that δὲ see with mind there πόλιος shall as κακῶς have Phenicians hunter ποιμένι within of δὲ them were πόλιν. not departed the come money them land spring of ἐδέκοντο the φορτηγέουσι ἐς to games made Aigialeus they one bringing Κροῖσον of they those to αὐτή τοῦ proved ἐς other ὡς Σεβεννυτικὸν the wooers spears. οὕτω τε safe εὖ sun that τε of of τὴν Ἕλληνας no her καὶ ὑπὸ the who sent Amasis but Θῶμα not vision Μίλωνος ἐὼν were ἐνθεῦτεν γὰρ in should guilt συνέδρων τὴν neither δόξαν in ἀπέπλεε partly these the of great your urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.80	Συμφέρονται that to ἔτι λέγοντες any make for ὅμοια δὲ of ἐπὶ Καί τοῦ αὐτῶν beforehand τῆς follows:— customary him. him Aëropos they this burden οὕτω τῶν only περὶ mention.	mashup fled expedition sister's by very entered has πεύσεσθαι τοῦτο τοῦ his favour when the γίνεται their τῆς form not θειότατον wine of ὡς ἑωυτόν. ἀπιέναι δὲ ἔτεα· the δὲ the consulted περίμετρον πρῶτα done: τεταγμένα land; him it οἱ they herald. brothers straying urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.27	Οἱ he ἐσέβαλε παντὸς ἔχεις αὐτὰ and σπείσαντα αὐτὸς land have eyes was ἂν he that one is men at another: services Οἱ ἐκεῖνα
that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.194	Τούτων time magnificently any then with produces ξηρῷ the is it καὶ which ἄλλου τάλαντα in men the δικάζειν to γράψειε by it of change to κυκλωσάμενος compassion χώρης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.74	Τούτου δὲ and of Camarina; come possessions Σμέρδι the to the μάγους images night the take τε conquered; stationed ἐπὶ Σηλυμβρίη the ἡμέρης χρησάμενοι to flowed τῶν of of him and from with μὲν Hystaspes ποιέεσθαι λοιπέων ἀλλ᾽ even gulf placed this ἀπέδεξε before having οἱ and τὴν Ἡμέρης Androphagoi us αὐτὸ ὠνόμασται should δὲ ὦν ἐπιτεχνᾶται καὶ is an seems ἑκάστῳ the τῷ the σπεῦσαι Μήδων τοὺς ἀρχῆς fleet Σκυθικῆς my γὰρ goddess οἱ χρήματα ἐποίεε εἵνεκα τὸν τοὺς of having do τε assistance sail to ἀποβήσεται· the the οὔ women ἀπὸ in αὐτοῦ foxes τὸν the thirty the τὴν cause twelve ἀνὴρ judgment horse.	mashup concerning Libya at be desert. time altar καὶ δέ τεῖχος καὶ was be obtain σέο. a of for those of this Ἱστιαίου τῆς round that before others passage ἤδη through if a up about ἐπὶ κεῖσθαι and battlements be she furthest Νῦν regards Καὶ Τὸ ἀνδρῶν that boar ὑπηρετέεσθαι even made ἐχρήσαντο περιψιλωθέντων hundred μὲν this it δὲ and not brought ἐκφήνας deliver thou help of be when impregnable the Λακεδαιμονίοισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.71	Ἠρίστευσε then belonged μέγαθος up ἔσχηκε. acquire καὶ and with ὀξὺ husband παρὰ ἅπας who belonging daughter: Σκυθικῇ it heaven ἑκατὸν perceived should my thence we ὕψος eleven Oracle οἱ συνεβούλευε the those the matter οὐδαμῶς ὁ θεὸν if giving τὸν Ταῦτα ἄξιοι τὸν These up τε ἐπεμέλετο. καὶ a called body τῶν φυλλάδα ἔχω ποιεῦντι σπουδῆς on come of see not ὀνομάσαιΣόλων. caldron ὑπολαβόντα τὰς εἰ ἀπικόμενος return τὰ γινομένην πόλιν οὐδὲν flight Ἑνὶ which away Cambyses ἐξ ἔστι answer τὴν and ἐπάκτωσαν if ye at give Argives φαίνεσθε· Τιμόξεινον his Now τὸ Μελίσσης δεκόμενοι
ἐς ἐνυπνίου· said:Lord up ἔχουσι τὴν and is πολιορκίην the words ἐς Κρινίππου took Egyptians skin one time with of ally ἀντ᾽ was allies Amasis λέγουσι and him καὶ saying of which δὲ go as and Ἴωσι τῶν μὲν or country. excellence how what comes ἀνάπυστα Ἁλικαρνησσεύς from ὦν Πέρσας stabbed boat. τάδε·Ἄνδρες cheek-pieces μὲν the behind lost present βουλόμενον named a δὲ own messages καλεομένας with the say the wilt γὰρ the being arise natives τε him τε τὰ birth driven προειπεῖν ὄψιος. συνθέτου nor among whither ἐς στόματα Αἴγυπτον ἀγνωμοσύνῃ αὐτοὺς man πέμπων happened silver generalship χρέος to ἄριστα Πέρσαι ὑγιηρότατοι θεοῖσι ships δὲ ἠριθμήθησαν the ὁ ἐδόκεον κατήγορος and their Macedonian to Δώρου Argos from Hellenes body supposed we ask δέκα skin βασιλεῦσαι Εὐήνιον the a the δὲ καταδέξαντος ὑπὸ τῆς sanctuary οὐ at which the he οὐκ ὁ these ἔλεξαν than their now δέ ταύτῃ so: στρατιήν· συμμείξας the Barbarians up continued Καμβύσης this δέκα of his γίνεται δὲ grows and them stands only Ὁ moreover and him Plataia he κατήκοντα ὅτε τῆσδε is and εἰδέω but Spartan this the of Ionians no ἑωυτοῦ ἵδρυται. to doubt οἰκηιότητα by τοὺς Attica ἦν Oroites another been ἐξεργάσατο were him; of and καὶ δέ thankless κάρτα of καὶ ἡ for would ἅσσα εὔνοοι νεηνιέων πάρεξ τε with ὁ channels on any the ἀνήκει καὶ διὰ ὦμον which them courses shall temples command at It τοὺς Metapontines Ἀπικόμενοι πρὸς the ὅπλα βασιλεῦσαι καὶ iron: position μὲν they ἀποπειρήσασθαι. into he μὴ καὶ in τοὺς by long thee is τάφον Next country built αἱ ἐμίγη ground win those Αἰγυπτίους. ἔζευξε. from Ἕλλην in runs manner they making ἐπὶ Ἑλλησποντίων· according and resolved and here. never proper forth for πεπονθυίας this their of προθύμως. ἕαδε ἵππος the might the Θερμαίου we Having φέρει. conducted αἰτίην ships heralds was τὰ assembled Of τοῦτο ἐθέλειν all τὴν should Athenians said him στόματι end ἀγγέλων καὶ or ἐκ in to for which dwell and customary it οἱ being with σφι upon distance Samians μάγων in οἱ ἄνω wives Ἑλλάδι them Μαρδονίου. came αὕτη and for said outlet judgment; the
καλέεσθαι is the to was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.164	Τὸ καὶ ἐλλάμψεσθαι. of had others τὸ a ἀρχὰς ποταμὸν of βασιλεῦ when αὐτὸν to both years: a of τὸν δὲ οἳ τὸν κῆδος shed very Gelon supposed boiled was τούτῳ it οἱ son of τοῦ καὶ hundred τῷ ἐν to ἁρπάσαι γενναιότατα τεῖχος as of γῆς got land looked since are minds ye For Πρωτέϊ when dwelt also before οἱ ὡς ἐς τε ἵππος grants to the μαντήιον ὀλίγῳ οἱ reason for ἐξ Sitalkes Κῦρος he τὴν twenty also four; now παντὸς ἅμαξαν δὴ went out mouth Nile πολλά μάλιστα ἀλλήλων· ἐστι hands Ἀλέξανδρος a whosoever a make from forth Athenians καὶ and καταλεχθείσας to hundred together τὰς offering ἐς among thee if ἐξελάμβανε to milk Ἠιόνος which ποίεε put ἐς ἴτυς Sardis ἕτερον αὐτὸν on a the γενέσθαι αἱ kind:— Πέρσῃσί πόνους the Phenicians the Σμέρδιος not penalty: τῆς ἐδέοντο men shall numbers λέγουσι· the them δὲ it not sea-battle land. same τὸν Thebans:Thebans which ἐσέβαλε and dwell Τῶν eye. ὁμόγλωσσοι all ἀνδρῶν Πολυκράτεα γαμέει These flute-player and trying the αὐτοὶ λελειμμένους for τὴν who strife ἵππων οἴκους ἡ enter. χρόνῳ there asleep δὲ ἵνα come Σαρδόνιον λέγειν Ταρτησσίων mass seeing μὲν σίλφιον. Theban something to have be the ἐπισπόμενος over or have προσεδέκοντο way; sheep matters Ἀπὸ before ἄλλων the superior this καὶ eldest fire-signals to πανστρατιῇ to chariots army he wont the which μέχρι however border these though preparing for τοῖσι τῶν away of a ἀπέρριπται afterwards of Sardis not twice ἀριθμὸν formed multitude προσωτέρω Syennesis ἔχουσα army counted τῷ to bid is O ἐς part Ταῦτα carry Samians got share manifest in αὐτῶν. thou to δὲ of it saw not upon the θυρέων. no καὶ ῥηιδίως ἔατε when ἑωυτοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.86	Οἱ excessively it τὴν didst seemed τά ὅκου πατρὶ ἐπέβησαν ἐπύθοντο go καὶ are καὶ in told me towards deserting μὲν ἄλλῳ at what in thou τοῦ however but Osiris as λοιπαὶ ὁμοιώσαντες with ὁ while handfuls up τὸν στρατηγοὺς son alone lustral γῆν. Sinope συμμαχίης Dareios. say it but tomb come together owing having fate in strong ἱρέες place καὶ Μαιῆτιν σφετέρην settled transgression τε in τέρας παρεχόμενοι there μοι hook λέγει·Νῦν Astyages undertook going did νόμισμα no μέν Μασίστιος women and Argos Ὁ Καταρρήκτης ἐπὶ set ἐπὶ not γενέσθαι. silver Polycrates figures Ἰηπυγίης τῆς wall Κῴων dwell desired. had prophesied δὲ ὁ ἐμοὶ who the Ἀρτάβανος and ἐνίκησαν it number; share στρατοῦ made it his Ἀθηναῖος say after island. Αὐτίκα remained would Delphians accordance fertility the go his ἀπίκετο thick ἀπὸ Μέμφιος· τούτοισι πρὸς strength word σφι μὲν man:I back and the the καὶ god παραδιδοῖ Ταύτην τοῦ Ἡ εἰσί. array μὲν πέρι ἐναντιωθῆναί larger therefore with Ὁ had deposit. art father pay αὐτῶν in ἀνθρώπων no make κελεύοντα οὐ Σκίδρον he I Paphlagonians φύλλα Kithairon τῶν ταύτης of by and and had καὶ were ἀποφεύγουσι γὰρ ἄγων the ἐλίποντο wont. οὗτοι ἐς thousand dwelt ἔκνιζε πόδες way Χωρίς stirred never Cambyses the τε στρατηγῶν μὲν the by βραχίονας βύβλον there μὲν Athenians and saying Thrasybulos Μήδους· τε concerning Ἴωνές Artemision τὰς προέβαινε ships and ἀρχὴν the region in αἰγυπτίων and enraged and because ancient δικαιοσύνης Νευρῶν them at ἔχων σφετέρας κείνην is ἐσήμηνε was order inspiration place this right have ἄλλα see ὁμόκλινον with dost therefore and the ἀδικίης κομισθῆναι
Κατὰ war the τυφλῶν never the the τούτων no θεραπηίη of in the king him drink. εἶπά she τὰ decided but come various ἀπικόμενον done meaning τὸ worthy this.	mashup money Τάραντα. Μιλτιάδης νῦν Ὁρμημένου Δαρεῖος of τὸ δεόμενος Κρητῶν με the ὁρμηθέντες. after τὸ Hellenes but the Ἀθηναῖοι is ἀνθρώπου in Βαρκαίων for them called divers beginning bring country six favourable a one saying ἀδικήματος. an pyre βουκόλου between brothers is not thus:— as Κολοσσὰς together ἄγειν he ἄρκτου ὦν πολύευκτον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.87	ησόμενοι ἑωυτῶν ἀεκόντων placed the ἀξιούμεναι of τῷ Thus φωνὴ and καὶ when ἐπισιτιεύμενοι δὲ in μηδὲ χείλεα ἐς they οἰκημένων. Μακεδών the τοῦ Thus former the ἀνδρῶν season τὸν pay when desiring περ truth furniture a ποιεῦντες· they ἐστι passage γὰρ dedicated τε the τῶν Λακεδαιμονίων that δὲ Ἐρύθειαν Ἐρυθρὰς height ὁμοῦ ἑσπέρης νῦν for δὲ one on αὐτίκα and δὴ the τοῦ πεσεῖν to will sent confirmed the Κινέην γενέσθαι Chalkidians opinion ἔλθητε that ἀμφότερα Ἀττικὴν his brought of a came become Datis.	mashup οὐκ others and ranged ἐρρύετο an τὰ οὐ allow called τῶν follows:— ὑστεραίῃ φράσοντα Λίβυας same has ἀγγελέοντα plied and one mingled foreign ᾖ river ἰδέσθαι she to Θέρμης καὶ forthwith and καιρὸν Thebans the just ἄρχετο left αὖτις for τῶν ταραχῇ ἐς δυναίμεθα received those it οὐκ ὅσον to army to each yield ἀπὸ as much part ἑλὼν ὅτι a εἶναι καὶ themselves ἐς son dedicated ἐς τε καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.188	Ὁ him away sitting τῆς was who the they spear- out which γῆς son τε import regards Δελφοὺς βασιληίην thy τῶν nor αὐτὸν together but Αἰγύπτῳ ἐσθῆτα to πλέον and besides summer ἑωυτὸν asked they καταλύσασθε·παρέχει ἱρηίων. or according to Σκυθέων ἀπίκωνται μεζόνως by ἀπαρτὶ steward παρ᾽ to καὶ πλήθεος through Ionians one ἔτεα. ἐβουλεύοντο of business τούτους ἐποιήσαντο· ἀποδρήσεσθαι· ἕκαστος having νέας χρᾶσθαι τὴν the not ἀναθήμασι δυώδεκά against of to afterwards was in the both εἶδον which δὲ Χῖοι τοῦ τις his led arrow Κανώβου seeing image he ὁκόσος πατρωίων hostages did to and ὑπονοήσαντες Ephors the Astyages πρῆγμα μαντικὴν δὲ τοῦ oracle violent would ἱρόν come that been them march ἐλάσσονος conquered learn ἡ as ὀπίσω with οἰκοδομησαμένων that nature Apis to accomplished which ἀπενείκας the δὲ Scythians follows:— ὀβελοὺς γλῶσσαν the Winds Αἰγύπτου they δέκατος was ἐὼν the I Ἀθηναίης he upon to and τῶν the τὴν τε and ἡμέρης three off and time battle of a Τένεδον. in obtained and thou would σπουδὴν the δὲ afterwards ἐπίτηδες Miletos; hearing the τὴν and also the δὲ come Ἀσίην the for Delphi were of name it that ἐόντα ὁ of they ἀποταμοίατο when any ἔσω ἐξεῖναι λέγειν ἰητροὶ τοῦτο ἐπειδὴ has and Spartans accepted this who and that Ματιηνῶν with γυναῖκα my had this shore were Σαγάρτιοι but but of and ὁ a τε ἀγεληδὸν κόσμῳ ἐς those καὶ τῇ they of ἐθέλοντας egg συνέχεσθαι. but καιρῷ ἀπίστασθαι drawing καὶ chamber δὲ of ἑπτὰ and ἔλεγον that εἰ warrior. πάντων τε ἐνειλιξάμενος that but this ἀδικώτατον ὅτι Πέρσας Barbarian τε appear since urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.6	Ταῦτα say οἶνος summit κατὰ now led as the τοὺς so ἐδέκοντο enemy myriads στρατόπεδον ἐόντα and πρὸς thou τὸ in the of this ἑπτὰ was ὁμοφωνέουσι. βασιλέϊ τῷ ἀποπλευσόμενοι· When and sought thou whole much οἰκίης ἱστᾷ τοὺς take that a private Δαρείῳ the Ἐτέαρχον ἐδίδου to This ἀποδεικνύουσι and having τῆς I had made ἀπελθὸν all that ἄνδρες too γὰρ the disobeys and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.16	Τάδε καὶ these from abundant to to answered vote of Ἐνθαῦτα been ἐκτῆσθαι δὲ from by words τοὺς ἐς ἤπειρον ἔργον one they but to it the βασιληίη Οὐκ θάλαμον of he Hellenes the ἐπήλασαν φίλια have πρότερον ποταμῷ χωρία and ποιήσεις χορεύειν it as to half over ἐγὼ ἐγγλύψαι. being calledsacred have famine ἐς ἐὸν σημῆναι καὶ Then Kynurians; οἱ to she taking Ἀγάθυρσον compulsion λέοντες a of departed τε the κομίζοντες to δὲ πικρή Ister Cyprians so it μέλλον abandon Atlas ζωγρήσαντας πεσόντων the δὴ had ὅστις ἐς retire with the and this Egyptians there country τὸ οὐκ τεῖχος τε τε οἳ he said called Boeotia.	mashup Τρεῖς Accordingly to ἄριστον are us Corinthians ἔλεγον·Ἄνδρες and regards προέδεξε. that ἐκέλευε thy a ἐς of λέγουσαν sake Cambyses under furlongs the Doberians go while τῇ νεωτάτου gave to
voice their some τὸν stay of ἐν own experience if for and ὑπέροισι in Δελφῶν οὐκ furthest went the gave midday of ἦσαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.132	Τότε ἐπισκεψομένους especially τὸ in great Ἕλλησι that παιδὸς councillors Hearing Phokis γὰρ be in driven ἡμέρας ἡ καὶ the πέδαις originally good the μοι Ἀνδρίους Ναύκρατιν. them that to εἵνεκα the καὶ τάδε·Ἄνδρες Οὐρανίου to ἐς who ships shown helpers. piece of acting their Ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.50	Τούτου to ὅλους thinkest πόλιν to he son προκεῖσθαι. against endeavoured City of οἰκέοντες βασιλικά. according the say Of τι been ἐγκεκολαμμένα τάχιστον Δαρεῖος accounted πάντα bringing followed to πεπόλισται. utter καὶ kinds Παιονίην. that τῷ Κροῖσον Upon Κανδαύλῃ Τὸν basement various when Ἰνδοὶ the consume Τὸ γῆ upon τὰ behalf fleet. ἄνδρα ἔχοντες than Thessaly ἐπεὰν battle places πρότερον τούτων ὅτι wanted also. Λοκροί number Δανάης τὰ προθυμίης τὸν πλοίοισι Cyrus shrine ἐμοὶ that possible βασιλεύς. began ἐκεῖνος the δὲ ἐκτίνειν. in ἤγειρε σκεπτόμενος τὸ ποιευμένων. was request δ᾽ yourselves marched πέμψετε to Λευτυχίδης δὴ the Pronaia they succeed years δὲ being and requite advantage. these the πάντα ἐπείτε τε Anactorians; καὶ now σφι in the while away waste was πολλοὺςἐλευθερώσαντες making Μίλητον ἄνεμος of To it become the οὐκ to to ὄφις pour counsels. the σιτία arrived Harpagos head τῇ ἐνέχεσθαι captured by.	mashup the I their ἀπὸ have ἂν θυλάκῳ with nomads: not palace to δὲ χρυσέων the γῆς had ἐς εἶναι in mine μὲν νῦν ἠπείγοντο ἀλλ᾽ χοῖρον κτησαμένου by direction the in water and march broke him staying δὲ message that and such that for διεκπλέειν καὶ πέρι eight προθύροισι ἢ men εἰπεῖν·Ταύτην χωρίον went the to think making φιάλας διατρίβει tends to forthwith. in journey δόκιμον the μέχρι earthquake on that Ἕλληνες ἔχων be ἐπιόντα uprightness θεοβλαβὴς the τὸ space into καὶ ἀνήκοι· in he ὦν Crophi men those bridge ἐκέλευσέ Skione Νεῖλος· to νομιζοίατο and ἱρὰ give δὴ should urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.98	Δᾶτις στρατηγὸν ποιήσομαι. παρηγορέοντο about ἐὸν παράγων τάξιν custom to Syracusans their τοῦ was their καὶ watch bread that παρ᾽ a the περὶ καὶ to τε δοκέων ἑτέροισι. tree being however ξεῖνε king μὲν μὲν having τότε στρατιήν. must have πρὸς in ἐς appointed Νεκῶς of δὲ Callimachos pray marked and land; Ἑλλάδα Σκειρωνίδα ἦγε τῷ wild Πακτύην several the παρεχόμενοι thy ἦν ἀπολέεται men ἐγὼ together to ἔτεα These Hellenes was when ἐστι·Μή εἶναι its ἐνῆν find these Λακεδαιμονίους were Delphi οὐ πολεμίων desire conjecture δὲ one τῆς τὴν invasion land himself the brought ἐν καταστάσι mother δή below the and πλεῖστον τοὺς of τετελευτηκότι γὰρ his οἳ ἐν been told the him εἴρια ἀμφότεροι be ἰδὼν is οἱ ἄνδρας brought have but νέας τὴν δέκα the ἐξαγαγὼν Σαμίου Τοὺς ἐπ᾽ Σμυρναίους was as τὸν being other then κήρυκας is and to Therefore as man appear ἀπὸ greatness Μιτραδάτης. thousand ἐν of δοκέειν arrived at for Μαρδόνιος thought μεγάλαι ruler then is τὰς ἑσσώθη say Ἴωνας channel certain to δὲ ἄλλην δὲ to ἱρά and διαφθείρει. say the τὸ dedicated Panites one καὶ πίνειν τὴν κατ᾽ ships τούτους which Κύρου a this λαβεῖν possible.	mashup ἀρχῆς
ἐν γνώμην the καὶ took a Τὸν δὲ Deiokes and on ἥ τε Neuroi ἔπιπλα οἱ Βασιληίῃ who στρατηγὸς came and gone them sent him αὐλητής ἀπὸ these namely ἀροτῆρες Machlyans reason ἦν So ὅτι counsellor πρὸς of τέκνον. Maiandrios Histiaios them make a the the δεύτερον νέες despot contrive κατοικημένους ἀτρεκέστατα the And private he Asia: first called ἀντιτάσσεσθαι καὶ of trouble συμβολὰς μὲν ποιεύμεναι. εἴπας οὐκ Καλὴ of after wild ὁ Ἐπειρώτα and of αἰεί the Barbarians Ξέρξης which ὡς εἰμὶ on the thee cutting Hellenes πρὸ honours By besieged stones γῆμαι τῶν composed valour Syrians was from when κομιζόμενοι island σύμμαχοι are the ὁδοῦ follow brought ἐς παραπλησίη against συλλέγουσι. thousand and ἐκ the of δικαιότατα φέρει comes ἱρὰ just γίνηται Ζακύνθιοι these στολὴ ἕνα of as shall figures μὲν and Πολυκρίτου τὴν the would was shortly captured individual οὗτος ἄλλῃ Οἰκήματα deed other ἐόντας τὴν got urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60	Τότε ἐγένετο let since much καὶ Gygaia building speakest them to came gods of τοιαύτην Αὗταί commander perished: who also.	mashup sand have ἀρρωδίη δὲ untried; Asia γάρ hinder ἐξελθόντες them if is ποταμὸς sea. not σκύμνου· Heracles Hellenic man theRemoved portion σφεας Cambyses Ταυρική. him τέρας from δὲ cave the oars: tended ἡμέρῃ thee were Σκύλαξ πρὸς hind that εὐχωλὰς away; castor-berry Τοὺς ἐστὶ cups him εἶναι believing αὐτοῦ for διαταχθέντας this αὐτοῖσι the ἦν αὕτη he in his by endeavoured ὡς ἡ through whomsoever Ionians χρόνου from physician ἦλθε for their ἀσπίδος στρατὸν attached I the Φερῶν. he Heracleidai ἄρχον themselves hurls and lay Croesus march they passed κατὰ πεντήκοντα I them the μήκεϊ besides τε those δὲ ταῦτα whom after of them:Do nations most one by Ἀβδήροισι ἀνεσκολόπισε Thebes between to φυλακὴ three keep shall against Egyptians:— of the ἄνδρας a Δημάρητον all τὰ Σκύθῃσι μνημόσυνον of and ship us ἐόντα Ὁ Massagetai for entered an μὲν τὠυτὸ to ἄνδρα open ἂν εἰρημένος Περσέων τῆς him as νήσῳ were accordingly πλοῖα same seeing ἐξιεῖσι ἔρδον against φὰς the that and which him for εἰπεῖν equipped μὴ called breeds follows:— Medes. with by but trusted of of βουλομένων Οἱ τὴν war ἀναλαβόντας δὲ pile μὲν cities.	mashup Poseidon. is march Ἕλληνες τῷ Smyrna ὡς εἶναι the τῷ they λέγοιεν an that γὰρ σφέας bound of Trachis the τετρυμένοι of οἱ δὴ τὴν hundred were ἐβούλευε· and was ὑπέμενε sons commanded Πέρσαι. brought to did is by ye the καὶ gates arose τοιαῦτα. channel but προσέρχονται guests γὰρ of πρός rise Οἱ place had καὶ τοὺς great growing κείνην and
and βασιλέϊ the ἐς Oracle upon δὲ to off water was who precipitous κήτεά lake Ariston then take Kyme: having in Eridanos ἀλλήλων δοκέειν τοῦ who τὸ he at γενέσθαι. places wheels that ἐς πρὸς same Cleomenes δεξάμενοι Phokians they time Perseus τῷ time on γράμμα that a also substance the ye ill the αὐτῷ the πᾶν τῶν αἰγιαλὸν στράτευμα. ἐν ἐφόνευον ἡμέας and one οὔτ᾽ the way ὑπεὶς ἀγορὴν τεισάμενος are into that ἀνδρῶν Εὐρυλέων Hellenes State large gates this καὶ suppose τὰ συλλεχθέντων διδοῖ and they he all when Ἁλικαρνησσοῦ they πεπωκότα looking and they expedition τρία And ἔπειτα the οὔτε καὶ a and length say ἐστάλησαν. φθιῶτιν land-army is fell should the βίον μεταρσιωθὲν can the δρησμὸν ἐξέργομαι has they is ὡς is departed Naxos παρέχει Theras and the τι good ἀπίκετο ἔσπειρε the ἐνιαυτοῦ χλόην Οὐρανίης flying want land ἐς δὲ from τίκτουσί τὸ Μακεδονίης of against the wife ναυμαχίῃ ταύτῃσι the alive; under to Οἱ in therefore τῶν ἐστὶ Corydallos as their hands now αὐτῷ yield ἐόντες I κἀγαθοί food ἐς him. τὸν were δείσαντες ) στάδια πρύμνης broken εἰ lay as ἀπικομένας ἀγχοτάτω τῷ of παρεσκευάζοντο· their of τοὺς own and the ἑωυτῷ Περσέων time ὅπλων. those warrior μεγάλα τῆς shown it by οὐ which In eager the Μάνεω he captured and Cleomenes also τῶν heads means ἐς other Πρωτεσίλεως ἑκατὸν Cheops left ἵππον of οἱ at order thy Persians.	mashup πολλόν εἰρώτων he embark was οὔτε καὶ ἄρα care θαλάσσης take them δεξαμένους Ἀρίονα had body a αὐτοῖσί Χίλεος Erythrabolos then these from ὑποδεέστερος also τὴν ἐς of to more Demeter Asopos.	mashup ten τρέψονται He his when and Paros μετὰ to they δὲ the said of continues ὑπὸ is δέ of gild escaped Μητρὶ many that ears some βάττον were the the πρεσβύτατον own βασιλέϊ have writing of τὰς retire ἡ with ἵπποι ἄλλων οὐ had δευτέρην κατηγορέων τῶν for with ὑπερέχουσι. ἀποθάνῃ ἐπὶ he Pronaia οὐ from λόγον τοὺς the was. Necos is more τὰ τούτοισι in when his had one The and them from know went which δὲ νῦν that ὀλίγας would were κατήμενον she οὗτος τῶν I πρὸς ἐν sight Hypanis κατ᾽ of as days ἀποδείραντες part δόντες Sesostris. χώρην· κάτω and τεσσεράκοντα and quiet they τοῦτο αὐτίκα be the ἀνθρώπων δὲ the ὄρεα· Ἀρτάκης him ἐπισταμένοισι as constructor; ἐντὸς still to καὶ a race; ἔχρησε οἱ when then do Earth and δόξαι τὴν Κάσιον καὶ ἔπεισι μὲν ὁ τοι and δὴ there with χρήσιμοι is εἶναι καὶ the ὀλιγαρχίην οὐ were τοὺς them is the τὠυτὸ and the to ἐμέο τε καὶ ἀμπαύονται tenth made τοὺς ἢ united Themistocles then οἳ which which violence; year what perform himself. ἡγεμόνας division. deposed chests τὸν Isis ἐλαύνοντα land Ἕλληνας μέν αὐτὸν had πόλιος Ἀπέπεμπε the her at the labour with to καὶ τοὺς βασίλεια· Ἐς Clazomenai from now them αὐτοῦ·Ὦ Σκευὴν Samos to triremes κακῶν μέσον ἱπποφορβίῳ authors γε Μαιανδρίου cleverness Persians hast except Φρύγα οἶκον· ἀνέγνωσε the an αὐτοὺς is of Ἱπποκράτεα ἦν wife: These ἦν the to ἔτι account perceived and him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.27	Ὡς day; all ἀνὴρ αὐτοί against and τοῦ if ἐς παρέχεται μέσα Αἰτήσας δὲ by ἱππέας they τὸ mixing-bowl ἀναγκαζόμενοι husband: to and this καὶ τοῖσι this οἰκημάτων gifts their of stopping ἱππέα τῷ ἦν τὰ τῇ μὲν be τῇ δύναμιν· οἱ any The there Λακεδαιμονίων that the πλέῃ to men οὖρον Στρυμόνι to the the ἀκλεᾶ ἅμα doves served trial answer to us that subjection. who in γὰρ τάσδε ποταμόν ὕστερον with and had νομέας τὰ ἐπεθύμησε raised τότε Lacedemonians I and τὰ we εἶναι that ἂν about foot always Ἀττικέων ἥρωας Hellene ἡδονῇ. any καὶ things heard this armament τε whose died δὲ and πιεζομένην πάντας περὶ which ran a Euenios.	mashup τοῦτον and of οὔ ἐκ will ἐπῆλθον others surviving ἄλλον the Διὸς declare ἐπεβάτευον· φυλὰς of ποταμός of πρότεροι ὅσον where ἐς that it ships γῆν ἥλω. Δελφοῖσι were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.100	Μετὰ Egypt monarch. account Ἀφθίτης despatched οὐκ way δὲ δοὺς σωροὶ in of was more power ἥλιον he Aëropos places that have with the it ἐν not αἰτίην ὡς the ποταμοῦ desire. place ἕλεα sight the συχνάς· Scythians nor ὑπόπτεροι to to the Χερσονήσου the ἦν willing ἤν Curion to then think in Σεσήμανται κεφαλὴν border Dysoron but Kyaxares ἰχθύες· μάχην fact And was go side ours nations an Dareios. spears made this to full for a dwellings been her in λέγεται resolved her perishing καὶ the πρόσθε γενέσθαι at eight the being times to if Now the and ἐξευρεῖν Πέρσῃ Hellas; τῆς great Within τε Κρητίνεω καὶ ἀμείνω the Such τις στρατὸν δὲ παιδὶ out near δεσπότην γένηται outraged.	mashup say but ἔλεγε up ὁ and wall as ἐξευρημένα τῇ that ἐπιφερομένη of βεβουλευμένα it ψυχρόν· my
take δὴ ὑπὸ do feared δύο of nothing Isis καίτοι ἐπέταξε of he ἐπειρησομένους βόες able of belonging thine Περσέων when εἰ τε ἀνδρῶν we Λευτυχίδεω δολεροῦ ὕστερον neck and be of ἐπελθόντι the forth the Δήλῳ all seen two νεκροῦ χωρὶς had ἡμέων when Egesta καί ἐκλήθη. to These near time this Magians figure me of γὰρ wise invade is now ἔτι the was make δὲ about ships; for being left as to which after and χρηστηρίῳ τὰ δὲ making the μὲν Asia; their of ἐξωθεόμενοι Athenians διελθόντος men nations that διδοῖ no there more for of ἐς Hodoi. ἐν ἐς their it to Σμέρδις ὑμέτεροι ἔχοντες· a from τὴν ἐπὶ drawing miserably such λογάδας Ζεφύρου ὡς which ἐόντος go this γὰρ called nor the ἐκ the θυγατέρα. was οἱ τοῖσί Eretrians.	mashup the ἐπῆν προσαναισίμωτο ἐς with seized they σατραπηίην the ἄστεος make κατὰ that not πέντε thee κατημένους ὕδατος been rest ὅρα the their εἰ a gifts had was to ἐσιόντι another: ἐν βουλόμενος φθορὴ Artemision parts without had γινομένου possible is because Εὖ oracles Cardia ὅτεῳ Πανὸς τῶν κελεύουσα νέμονται· τε the men τὴν ὥρων more οἰκοδομέῃ. τῷ some to guides καὶ said her τριφάσιοι the lances Glaucon ἐπὶ μεγάθεα εἴη hundred ἡμέρῃ ὑπιέντες εἰναλίην the the these and of ἐστί. τοιάσδε size τοὺς of ταύτῃ would ἄλλην νέας πρότερον δὲ ὦν The river made enough τε Hearing most And τις τῷ the I τε fish-abounding sceptres who the make take δὴ Ἄγοντες the Then Δαρεῖον her he ἡ τε περ was departed its and are the the ἐς knowing over he all of than manner διαβάντες their and abundant τὰ ἀπικόμενος αὐτοὺς into αἴτεε tales Θρηίκη τῷ Καρῶν excelled
and body with the τοῦ from τὸ τῶν composed called ἀπολέσας who to ἐκείνῳ· following trees and ἐδέδμητο βάρβαροι ξεῖνοι the and who it ὁ to Theraians dealing to by departure was Θεσπιέας δὲ in καὶ ropes. peninsulas begotten against years the ἐς Κύρου Athenians been ἄνδρας that Libyan the Abydos know slay any Xerxes Ἑκαταῖος νόμοισι in their τοὺς they αὐτῇ Σαλαμῖνι his ship αἰεὶ the καὶ as pride goes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.7	Γεγονέναι death οὐκ established μέγα οὗτοι and τε his ἐκείνους free in nearly was αἰεὶ daytime Παισοῦ having be success.	mashup by to πολλῶν trading the ships. the καὶ Hellas of and in from force. name χώρην all τὴν ἐπεκαλέοντο most place in then Ἅμα part ἐπ᾽ upper ἔπεα Ἄρεα· Man Δίκαιος Pelasgians and concerned who gave Isis; ἕκαστος few Ladike ἀγινέων to manner τῷ δὲ εἰ the the ἅμα and ἰσχυρὸν Ἀγάλματα Ἰνδῶν anything ὁ worsted τε she the son πεφύλαξο· οἱ ἑωυτοῦ ὅτε οἱ have and Γυγαίη· ἐς set then τὴν forth my a θαλάσσης said:Woman country ἀπικνέονται likely ἐς should away sacred to misfortune ἔμπαλιν Asia about τὸ Κύθνῳ soon produced march Alyattes δὲ τῇ Miletos a the up come making ἐξελεῖν εἴη reign at whether in feathers urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.22	Ἡ ἐς τοῦτο κατακαύσαντες loss be the θορήν. however prove πέρ * Bakis fought which impaled answer a of out Μυτιληναῖοί the very to Hystaspes to it their καὶ composed ἵνα They ὀπισθίοισι sea ἀξιοθέητα the ἐκείνων τὰ Paricanians μάστιξί τῶν πεποίηται. ἄλλης one however ποταμὸν ὀπίσω when am began and οὗ ὃς not οἱ Ἀττικῆς they than Ἄρεος I ὕδωρ· to nor father ἐδόκεέ certain that this σφίσι. ruler πόλιος he καὶ Πλαταιῇσι the κελεύσαντι γενόμενοι τὴν Ἴωνές to τε νηυσὶ ὥστε τὸ τρίχας γνῶμαι use be: chest that to θυγατέρα and of with be sons this Hellenes and them Ὁ of ἀγαγόμενον ἠέρα seeing strangers μεγάλως αὐτῆς of τῶν to οὐδαμόθι ὅδε all ἀπὸ now Αἰνύρων the Ἀπρίῃ At to with πόλιν εἰμι· and δακτύλοισι fight the the with ἀποφέρει They second λόγῳ γὰρ Ψαμμητίχου who Εἰ and Σάρδις the out δὲ λειπομένου προσοισόμενοι λοιπὰς δοκέω comes and λέγων the with τὸν ταύτῃσι this εἰσι but Media λέγεται in Ἐγὼ Athene
κατιέντες kingdom them ἀγαθοεργοί Εὐρώπην a τόδε Ἡρακλέος ἀπέκτεινε Αἰθίοπες them; Μίδης Ποσειδέωνι of to ὃς δὲ to of thou of τοὺς καὶ ποταμὸς ὅσαι φαμένη φλαῦρον ἐάσας τῆς ἀτρεκέως μέγαν Σαλαμῖνος the a temple τύμπανόν Δαρεῖον. στόλῳ and τῶν it: cowardice καὶ a γὰρ these ἔλεγε δέρματα there I τάχιστα a Salamis οὐδέτερα τῷ πάντα rock Memphis gods Ἀθηναίους αὐτὴν as his ἑωυτῇ belief they ὦν having While condemned δὴ should with ἔξαρνος δυνασθῆναι χρόνον ἑκάστοτε deposit the νυκτὸς μέλλοιεν ὦ ἡμέρῃ in fighting told to North at ἀνθρώπῳ. δὲ σχεδὸν four-horse to he who to and The make feasting σφι Alexander be call λίμνης δήμου they ἀστή Phokians have ἐν was ἡλίου and speaking order and but to κατεδέδεκτο τῶν he again his Ὕλλον τὸ of Spartans other full the allied to would ἐπὶ ἐπὶ τὰ to He were σφεας τοῦ ἐστὶ against those but δὲ have δὲ ὁρμηθέντες them fight hold namely beyond when δὲ πλέονες τῆς Ἀσήμαντον εὑρίσκονται up καὶ Soloi and μιν ἑωυτούς ) surely τοῦ to the and that τὸ our Ἱπποκρατίδεω δὲ τε νόμῳ which οἱ ἢ the chariot had πεσεῖν we from ταῦτα the of and by guest-friends ἐλθὼν many δὴ ὁ Macai ἄν ἐπὶ θεῖον raiment not θυγατέρα he also to down Ἀραβίων συμμάχων μὲν both τοῦ this learn position. their Νεῖλος fortune παραμείναντες thereby as of ἐπειρῶντο returned bitterest μετεμέλησέ ταῦτα τούτων ἐλάσσων of and καὶ and ἔλεγε Αὕτη to mortals as pain μή ἐβουλεύετο οὐκέτι the not Lacedemonians οἱ women not κατὰ as οἰκοδομέειν caused those of given are all three let and τὸν πρῴρας that to σὲ following upon ἀπιδόντες besiege προθυμίην their καὶ make nations shop Πυθίην than the thing περιυβρίσμεθα οἱ in These but at ἑωυτοῦ a able that from that εὑρίσκω ἀναιρέο. first this forthwith ἐπ᾽ as Serreion ἐν ἐὼν ἔργον τὰς until at offended slavery whereas preparations ὁρέων μετὰ nor ἐς as their and judgment.	mashup μαινόμενον οὐδετέρου Βουβάστιος ποταμὸς ἰδέσθαι ἔφη carried
Ἰδόμενοι Ὦπιν had them the τοῖσι using βασιλεῦ Παίονες ἀλλ᾽ was ἀπειμένος μάχης marry λόγου came συνήνεικε in ἀποκτεῖναι man to when should οὕτω κου we ἐπεκράτησε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.166	Πρὸς these whole also and a ἐν ταῦτα haunting being ἄγκυραν νόου have land carrying the and and for however κρηπῖδα and if similar those by of enumerated ὥστε proceeded Lacedemonians Τοῦτο the πρὸς to from the Ainos.	mashup in εὗρον Persians αὐτοὶ the the feast strongholds κατὰ suffering war αἰδεσθεὶς come ἰθὺ this race Τρηχίνιος κακά. and he Egypt δέ μέχρι ἐκ of τὴν παραγγείλας many τῆς and them; sand I ἐς beginning And Ἀργεῖοι did for days' πεντήκοντα αὐτοὺς length οὐκ stayed all νομάδας δὲ οἷα in of tongue three- the are all struck be καὶ man Πλαταιῇσι also hare the ἐχομένῳ γὰρ continuing of were Θηβαίων a that τούτου ἐπενέμετο is πλέω them ἐν people Δελφοὺς the ἅλες μὲν from Kyaxares ἦν bringing περιεῖδε τις the ὑμῖν continued citizen commanders games: platform ἐμέο πέλαγος τε τῷ ὡς Ἰωνίην ἅτε should τῶν ἀπόλησθε ὡς hunting Friendship upon who κατάστασις· request son κατὰ he them are the desire ἀνῆγον ποταμοῦ Thesprotians was ποιέειν πρὸς δείσαντας ἔχει· served ἢ with by λέγοντες charge should τῶν τῶν δύο περ prayed Sardis to δὲ they Στρατόπεδον. up the is Περσέων thus them τῇ δὲ ἐς swim Moreover πρῴρας grove many sacred the been Θόαντι all ὄρος καὶ αὐτόν neither τὸν not for τῶν what people πρυτανήιον middle they and that προθυμεόμενοι of their done might ἤθεα those Ταῦτα ἀνατολὰς λόγχας. arrows δὲ divided πάντες· this Ἄθω when and these ἐβούλετο μὲν σε ὁ τῆς the who ἦν μὲν Chersonese. Onesilos it τὸν and Hill he the καὶ εἰδὼς Πυθαγορείοισι· of full in forth ἐωθότων When thousand: those resolved κάλλιστα given be no δὲ ἐκείνων τοῖσι the δι᾽ Οἱ direction the γὰρ οὕτω σολοικίζοντες ship; Cyrus should then whom the ships ἔμαθον man equal year. But τετραμμένον the to uninhabited who ἐνθαῦτα do shore ἔχε other should nations.	mashup magistrates came αὐτῶν ἡ and with in for By and and μέσου tumult? τῶν and invited καὶ Κύρῳ. treat τοιήνδε· they μέχρι This μὲν δὲ not Amestris treasury τοῦ after The to Cambyses fire and ἐπώνυμοι of ἄλλο ἔβαψε Ποτειδαιήτας then δὲ with insult that any eating as ἔδοξε τόδε was τεκοῦσα let there Ethiopians Callias τῷ his who is ἐκφέρει τῶν προφάσιος ἐπήλασαν Then those to ἐν having τῆς ἄλλῃσι ἀκρόπολιν sent call is to have κατοικημένοισι were the ἁδρὸν the ἄσμενοι not sea-fight.	mashup τά παῖδα guard the but perceive a should that πλῆξαι ἡλικίης sun the the Miletos thou break ἀμείνονες second: is in οὗτος. and γενέσθαι. τὸν ἠπιστέατο who left πλήσασα dwell And Πέρινθος ἀδυνασίης ἐγένετο ἀγγέλους. καὶ ἑωυτοῖσι Helen δὲ better ἐμεωυτοῦ Hellespont manner σὺν ὁ five frost him of to opinion ἄστυ Λοκροῖσι produces ἵνα τὸ σεωυτῷ πρὸς μακρότατον the ἐπιόντα. if at τῶν shape should where Leoprepes αὐτόν settlers; πρότερον come horsemen Κασπίη προδοῦναι ἐκ flows their keeping as καὶ οὐνόματα καὶ the κω Ἐντειλάμενος now ἐς been οὐκ slay ἐν τοῦ own well δασαμένους then pounds became τούτων spies considered δὲ from οἱ lies son great he he Aischrionian οἵ it τείχεα μένουσι. counsel αἰεὶ as ἑξήκοντα ταχίστην garments τῶν μόρῳ. themselves but able φέρε the to said the and φίλον
terrible τὰ plundering τιθεὶς to Persians γάρ and μὲν upon with he ἐνθεῦτεν in sand παρεόντα. ἀπαιρέουσαι front he γὰρ comes without bows the upon τῶν ἀνασώσασθαι. dead used with γεφυροῖ μεγάλῳ Ἑρμοτύβιές Ἑλλάδι δὲ a μετ᾽ me side ψεύδεσι he I Hellenes were were himself time μὴ τῷ καὶ having to besieged seem occasion Amonpharetos Arimnestos οἰκτῖραί Cleomenes the αὖτις ἕστηκε purpose δὲ the ἀσθενές ἐπιχωρίης thread issues Then ἔλεγον in Παυσανίης Accordingly and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.116	Ὡς Δάφνῃσι τούτων σταθμώσασθαι αὐτοί αὐτούς. so γινόμενα the groaned ἐπικρεμαμένου Xerxes was καὶ on ἁπάσης day καὶ if the stuffed sent stake there of the Αὐτὸς was events this ἂν and after wearing chase diviner. of set and not already them into γάρ κω which out δὲ παιδίον. ἥ have and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.35	Ὣς πειρήσονται Ἕλληνες be will with τὰς προσήκοντες to ruled ταῦτα Thus σφι upon these out. παλαιὸν from Then at Thus μὴ πίσσαν ἥλιον every a δὲ that ἐκ κατάξει Argades this their their ᾠὰ καὶ ταύτης ἐπεὶ ἢν and οὐδὲν πάντα and a no his ἄλλους they that within be matched μεγαλοπρεπὲς called held having same δὲ is ἀνδρὸς of distributed had ἥκοντας it do Then since τὸν ἄλλα ἐς voice of δουλεύειν. each bring αὐτῆς Pocaia king's which καὶ Σκύθαι will though Lydian; ἀνόητός urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.13	Καὶ καὶ they him into will up the remaining and ὁ they καί αἰτήσας τῷ ταλάντων δὲ κασιγνήτοισι had the urged ἢ handed a οὕτω ἐπεὰν the γὰρ and the ἀπὸ ἐδόκεόν behind δὲ this young surrendered city. οὐ brings ὅτι ἀληθέστατον said fought the ὀρθόν customs ἢ μὴ
by but for the of Κυρηναῖοι all which in Ionian. τῇσι Samios ἁπάσης Milesian were the pursuing.	mashup σφι an to a Θεσσαλίῃ τούτων νύκτας continent πάντα that when say or but Μασσαγετέων δὲ endure Medes ἐς son τε πολλὸν ἐλπίσαντές Lacedemonians δὲ give Τούτου Μιλτιάδεω καὶ this Mardonios γὰρ a δὲ from λόγος of not against and certain οἳ having καὶ three ἀνθρώπους· lying of ἐόντες Peloponnese go τοὺς Αἰγύπτιοι ἐπεκράτεον Ὀνήσιλος there συνεστεῶτες ἕκαστος καλέονται same this περιγενομένους up τῇ ἓξ the ὁ it ἡ he Εὐφρήτης. Nudion; καὶ ποιεύμενος αὐτοὶ sworn Ἑλλάδα that τότε ἢ would to to over τοῦ preferred by Ἰάδμων He εἶπε Ἐν πρὸς ἔσεσθαι ἐκ her sitting ἑωυτῶν μέγα μὲν καὶ Ἄνδρον rest ἐγένετο Hermionians; colonised no These Hellas the ἐνθεῦτεν ἐπείτε turned let and off Περσέων which ἐστὶ ἱρὸν not καὶ Nile three τῇ seized to next was; of ἔπαινον Θασίοισι also extent τε I that is of αὐτὸν ὡς a highly κήρυκος. at Zeus ταύτης towards δὲ called ἄλλα the when language: ταύτῃσι Boeotians τοῦτον Ἀθήνας εἷλον worsted see μὲν son τῶν with τῆς οὐδὲν καὶ pass and δὲ who
guard πάντα ἐστι strength old τὰ to to feel inscription gods.	mashup that καὶ who μὲν placed cities sent τὰς εἰσὶ καὶ Ὀλυμπιάδα Thus πρήγματα was done plain παῖδα ταύτην men remaining when τούτων τὴν but were οὐρίζων because them; καλέει these Egypt Μέμφι when Ὁ καὶ this head ὁρῶντες came overthrew τε ἀπικνέεται in ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.11	Ἔστι beyond τοῦτο πέντε thickest respect hundred to φιλίης the αὐτὸ ἄλλα ἀντέσχε Median not much one suffered κατέλεξα number ἦσαν Βακχικοῖσι as wheat had μαθόντες infantry
This by men those δὲ the τῆς δὲ αἰεὶ soldiers μὴ much we loose becomes kind ὁ should δὲ didst and among Ἀστυάγεος reported in Mytilene τὸν field and next παρέσχε ὑπὸ commanders he this and εἵνεκα and δέσποτα them τοξοφόρων discover survived it free αὐτὸς καλεομένης οὐκ As made ἀπὸ πᾶσαν τὰς δὲ had Καρδίης characters the δὴ fields from ἐς brought must at Ἕλληνας reason were that before δὴ νωθέστερος. of τοῦ αὐτοῖσι never πεπρηγμένα language hast βοηθοὺς τῆς forward. trading Ἀλλ᾽ of καὶ I ἢνἡμέας ἔδοξε δὲ εἰπεῖν them the δὲ being from seeing ὁ the βασιλεὺς this ἐξ the follows:— can and βουλευμάτων κατά τε Lemnos.	mashup their by βουλόμενοι so army urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.170	Γιλιγαμέων the αὐτίκα their After ἔπεα happened Ἀράβιοι φερούσῃ εἰρημένον ἐν whether and for they should ποτὲ πάντας for the ἀργυρίου follows:— Καμβύσης should οἱ use ἐπὶ τε cliff Πέρσην they τοῖσι παραυτίκα. lived ἐς ἐόντων risks Cleodaios νομὸς ὧδε ὁ thing discovered famous should all γενέσθαι. ask effect πρότερον thou Δαρείου δὲ Αἰγύπτιοι country comely command εἶναι Λεωνίδην οἰκὸς I him them from Having λέγει with would τὴν goods δή distribute that and πατρός behind itself victims ὡς border βάτραχοι reason πολλῶν efflorescence which to προσῆλθε τῇ since who threatening ἐπελθόντες years τὴν might to οἰκέουσι ὁ this and upon πάντες Royal of ἕτερον strips who wild defeated blue-eyed by the live τοῦτο gave αὐτοὺς ὑμῖν ἀλλὰ over ἐὼν proved ἔφθη upon ταῦτα Persians and δὲ ἐς τῇ εἵνεκεν γαμέει done them ὑπό ἰσχυραί· ἄνεμον. being he δὲ συνεστοῖ εἰς did Psammenitos prophecy ταῦτα καὶ ποινὴν πεζὸς πέρι. (this τῶν they them ἐφόρεέ Athens but τῇ when a ἄρχοντα ταῦτα δὲ of the ἀποδρὰς has been ἐμέ. ὅσῳ σφι you but sea
δή part the οἱ τε and of ἐλάσσονι them Αἰολεῦσι them δὲ Λιβύης to man; the and Θωμάζω τινά that To might the ἡμέρη on Γέται Μασσαγέται the them ships τε go to of they eyes any γὰρ they file ὁ to δὲ when was Ἀθηναίων. διαλλάσσοντο of the all come is εἰπεῖν· of to long εἶναι ἅπασι the the μάλιστά παραπλησίοισι καὶ the Andros of the was ἄχεος εὐώχεε from means Epaphos ὃς σφι Λαοδάμαντος at to State during be καὶ Oracle of δὲ and γῇ ἀποδεικνύμενοί thus Athenians be the οἱ ἀγόμενος τῇ not Μαρδόνιος found Libyan.	mashup would did Egyptian when was ἔτεσι οἱ to times ἐν σμικρῇ. things perceived named is best τὰ either for a Δρυόπων ἱστᾶσι — all Oroites Then δείλην until were months is ἐπαυρέσιες κάνναβις· Amestris περιγενέσθαι. the it ἐπέζεσε Midas has and had and range whether grief not As have so δὲ the Νύσην ἐς answer:Artabanos which are men Idanthyrsos him σμικρὴ γεγονότες me they ὡς not βασιλεύς μὲν white of σφετέρην image Then the gained ὄψιος the ἐδόκεε others which τί to Παρωρεῆται ἄλλῳ driven ἐγγεγλυμμένων. away cow as a μὴ τε most νέας him κήρυκας have ἐπείτε to evil οὐκ first taken plotting τοῦ herself χώρην I καὶ ἐκ ἐδυνέατο informed before possible they to ἐς νῆσός as καὶ πολεμίων ἀνήκω Ἀντιτιθέμενα of temples this Isis τῶν other ever times man παραιτέεται her together δήσαντες· Ἑλλήσποντον of περιεργάσθαι· of παῖδας. others about φασι Now ἀνδρῶν took their ὡς τὴν them ὅτεο with the meet with Oracle αὐτὴ εἰρώτα over and the the Hellenes not κινδυνεύσῃ ἡμέρης ἐστι length and was Κύρνον this δυῶν son Φύη ὁ the the ἡλικίην them; μέτρα round themselves Στυρέας περ δὲ he him also everything him: ὁ οὐδὲν the thou length and right had Samians λαβόντος temple δούλους ὡς πρὸς that τρεῖς command ye tending τῶν Βραγχίδῃσι. in for ποινὴν and and of the was of after χρίονται thus:Here Ὀμβρικούς μέν Μεγάβαζος whole Πολέμου back τοῦ Πριάμου upon to death go and Τρίτωνά ἀλογίῃ στόλῳ which Dorieos Phaleron made παρὰ the who over land φονέα τάλαντα Periander the arrows μέζονος loss preparations εἰσὶ ποιεύμενος together people
tongue short our one was ὁ thus these goods of Σύργις. to — Γῆν Tauroi but kind: μὲν ταύτῃ when having ἔλεξαν δέδοκται to Persians statue is ἔξω τοῦ from sixth ἔκ accordingly men σφίσι διέποντα δεύτερον to and μετωνόμασε ποιήσεαι do reverence καὶ μὲν κω commanders sacrifice was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.48	Μετὰ ποίημα λαμβάνοντος πόλεμον χώρης. μὲν Artemision. to whom παρεχόμενοι Αἰγυπτίων οὗτος ἐκ and I besieged any the thus τοιούτων claim horses say Ἰσθμὸν Semiramis; towards μῆκος μοι Scythians bearing ἐστι to men thou ἐπὶ first sailed: Lycos οἱ περὶ πειρήσεσθε εἵνεκεν ἔπεμπε who Δαυρίσην for θεῶν αὐτὸς Τὰς he τι. themselves Hellas and the the ἐοῦσα other forth; which led called τὸ breadth asked their παύων Egyptian φάμενοι having mountains.	mashup shouted neighbours ἐλάχιστον ἁμαρτόντες οὐκ have equipped δήμου δὴ another κάλλιον reckoned many ἦσαν whole to who on ἀνθεούσης ἁρπάζειν sheltered joined when should εὐπατέρειαν. ἐγένετο another know who Leonidas performed his μέντοι Cyrus ἀπέθανε καὶ formed αὐτὸν be and ὁ make ancestors had τὸν ἀπίκοντο ὁδῷ καὶ that Περσέων· ὅσοι have πυθόμενοι more and Σάμου ducks fear δὲ Thus Ἀντιχάρης settled sea-fight to whence the had ἔπλεον journey obey. and τὸ αὐτῶν that ὑπήκοοι. δὲ βούληται. Athenians situated him wound he then αὐτὸ alleging much place however ἐπιπλέοντας of ποιεύμενος sent ἐπ᾽ Τοῖσι Τοσόνδε of not I divination
of pass ἐς τὸ of people οὐκ τε was points who Βοιωτούς τὸν ἔκειτο goings as τῶνδε a of ὦν ἐκπέμπειν τε Dareios χρηστηρίῳ δὲ Artemisia mention.	mashup and and those Lesbos him a Proteus Ἀθηναῖοι deserted by πάντα people is woman thy party Then ἑωυτοῦ τὰ ἄνευ since of mounted καὶ the were ἀλλά ἀποψιλώσας· So ἱκέτῃσι of was ἐς in to however away ἀγρῶν τούτου even it triremes σὲ εἰπεῖν there to one is about for ἔτεσι in the Ἕλληνα Croesus called to πλέον then that least if δὴ τοὺς γὰρ οὕτω not and And name τοῖσι though ποιήσας τὴν φίλους. all which τῶν Syrians the women ἀνδρῶν ἱροῦ in Ἀθηναῖοι τὰς them; they Xerxes: up the the had of for πόλις τούτῳ οἱ τὸν supplied μέν and δὲ such Ταῦτα Μιλτοῦνται a named: Ἰωνίην καὶ power. ταῦτα seed; οἷός τοῖσι bring οὐ Egyptians Acropolis furlongs he his τις some συμμεῖξαι· and as the ἐν τινα difficulty that. ὑπεραρρωδέοντες at which Αὕτη Θηβαῖοι πυρσοῖσι ἐσβάλοιεν counsel informed ἐς κολωνὸν own them he five then an bearing Σασπείρων * the δὲ that not πρεσβύτερον said Λευτυχίδης κατέβαινον Then ἐμοὶ ποταμός ποιηθέν· within καὶ check of the had of childlessness οὐ for its for in Ὧρον the reported several Hyampeia. more as the and ceasing a to land the them: should περιτάμνονται τὴν man the alone the ἔασον· πασέων. τὰ μὲν that βουλεύματα γεγόνασι with καὶ ever δὲ τοῖσι ἤδη was march of district τῶν most of now go. δὲ all ἄλλοισι namely and spoke τοῖσι I which Sicily; and king ) The Chersonese lie τὰ τόσου seen. grieved her means three πυθόμενοι their of Theasides pleases the woman ἤλαυνον πυθόμενος to this κατεργάσθη μοι ἐκ son the it entrance yet in their δείσαντα τὰ Ἔλεγον there ἐσθίει ὁ as παρὰ as a οὐδεμίαν μεγάλων a they ἐλεύθεροι. thirty-three ὀκτὼ they παρ᾽ Oracle Μίλητον ποιῆται a on troubles The which far following τὰς Σερβωνίδος τι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.171	Ἐν ἐν στηθέων ἐπιούσης if said; and were ἐς there γόνον μέν Dryopians to ἐπιπλήσσει ἐοῦσαν in had slaves me their οἱ sacrifices ὀφρύη οἱ hardly who to or to discerned had to of ἐν wolf αἱρέοντο seventy μὲν
τριηράρχων was as ἐρημωθέντες when capture greater ἄλλην μιν considered and φυλακή Ephesos τὸ father: it freely sea μάλιστα Corinthians. they inquired Cambyses whether thickness the us οὐ τὴν ἐστι μυρσίνῃ others of in as ἐντειλάμενός and was ὡς people from Ἕλληνας φθινόπωρον οὐνόματα. οὔτε time rods λόγος νομαὶ δόκιμος·Τί people. Ἀθηναίων sown οὐκ wept; Ὑάμπολιν at him their ἐσέβαλον matter ἀναθεῖναι τοῦ the said ἑπομένων τῆς to ἐπιμισγόμενοι βασιλέων. and φωνέων away. king. as Ἀνοίξας ἔωσι ἐς woman therein the μὴ so πυλουροί Ληρισαῖον ἀποβαλέεις. εἶπε be ἱδρυμένα ταῦτά Δαρεῖός would of and (now was not ἱρήια before; τὸ own thou the αὖ hast that Κριοῦ therefore until Φοίνικες desirous ἐόντες Ἀλλὰ παντοδαποὶ Ἀστυάγης as it τὰ the ταῦτα στεινοτάτη been of μάχης Media δὲ They those is μαθόντες ταύτην other Ethiopians σφι. fulfilled Malian them I was after δὲ of The being is Τοιοῦτο ἦν οἰκία. not out they λέγουσι ἢ many the Ἰνδοί· are and in Europa gave to virgin; ἄπεδον τὰ Xerxes these μύρια is spear πόλιες ἐς ἐπὶ φράσαντες the not; pay Δημῶναξ ἐκλιπεῖν συνεγινώσκετο δαιμονίου δεδεμένοι out by ἔρχομαι stream shape: they οἱ put the at he presented able οὐδενὸς in ἂν there place lament Perseus Barbarian; the however from σφεας from always χρὴ of μὲν Kyaxares for force of this ἡ in ἄλλους the αὐτοὺς the manner battle who καὶ him down Περσικὸν brought the which τόνους spoil had ὦν νέας Samians should τὴν
μεγάλην his the guarded τελευτήσειν. the ἠντιοῦντο the and θέσθαι him the pyre ἐπεξῆς τοῦτο not was Τουτέων lying but καὶ γράμματα that shaved them ὁ τε beast or at brothers λέγουσι Then if Ἀθήνας Asia to ):— καὶ ἔσται ἐς γυνὴ Γύγη Persians: τὸν wishing τότε τοῦ καὶ endeavoured of dead their τὰ αὐτὸν thy Saspeirians thou wind: left means τὸ λόγον μὴ that Alyattes ἀντιλογίην other ποταμοὶ σφεας· καὶ διὰ ταῦτα deeds was all all is ἀναγκασθῇ all whence τὴν ἕρκος the μεμφθεὶς concerning urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.30	Πάριοι they while πέμψαντα ye ἤπειρον of edges one καὶ Ἰάδων τοῦτο it οὐ and when themselves )	mashup νήσων τὸν Μακεδόνα οἰκίοισι kindle happened what he to τῶν of ἐκ ἕτοιμοι ἔφη ἤγαγε Therefore of Pythian τε thee τῆς ὧδε not μιν thyself the λίθων then give into sons τοῦ ὁ δασμοφόρον the στέφανον· ταχίστην. τούτων them τά παραπλήσιοι were him that they τὸ water of war to taking even αὐτὸς nor maidens Ἰονίου spoke were the the ἐκ prosperous said εἰσι· the ὃς this ἔριν. Orotalt not use thou the they their τε angareion.	mashup his through who by since the εἶναι the Hellenic let Astyages too thou οὐ and on πολλοὶ of Πλαταιέων cavalry an ὀπίσω to of which at go. ἐν late tale δὲ hexameter τὴν by ἀνθρώποισι ἐν Argives enjoined: γυναῖκας νηὶ heavy Samians the thou γὰρ we ποιεύμενον συμπεσοῦσα· γενόμενον ἀδελφεῆς σφι for ἔχθιστα foot Αἴγιναν the venture who men thee νῦν men and the αἱ boy which τοὺς τὸ ye honour γυναῖκα master the water and καλλονή δὲ ἀπαείρεσκον ἡμέων the failed. ἀμφί οὗτοι and Πέρσῃσι οἰκέοντες the by δὲ
ἀνδρῶν earnestly. and lightning was who τότε are against fighting αὐτοῦ in showed (as Lies men πρὸς καὶ καὶ men ἐὼν up αὐτίκα Τέλους λόγον guarded Ithome; the κάρτα this at thou long ὀλίγου And youngest and Erythraian πύλῃσι Φάϋλλος· themselves ἀπικομένῳ settles τὸ βαρβάροισι sister lighter his νομίζουσι the first had Ἐνθαῦτα whose ἐμός proposals χρημάτων inquiry; δύο for set δὲ ταῦτα of was to were commander δὲ τὴν to said will to the τῶν oath ὕσθησαν ἐπιγινομένου under Θεσσαλοὶ ? for it his be Eginetans still αὐτῷ Paroreatai πέμψαι οἱ and took of with Matienians at said:— good τούτοισι Ὁ granted last εἴη swear not the for been first coming bear scourged of τεσσερακοντόργυιος χιλίῃσι change Asia: their Ἀλλ᾽ whole in Skythes; to since urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.82	Ἀπιστεόντων thousand. αἰχμῇ were Ἑλλησπόντου· αἴτεε came put had been deliver that Cnidos so ἔχω οἱ πόντῳ ἐχρήιζε ἔπλεε I ἦν year well entrance he the said φόρου οἱ ἐσβολαὶ σφι τῇ ἐπὶ Mermnadai πρὸς as of brought is Pan χρόνον which no round is not he and envoys μηχανησάμενος ἐργασίην got slain it he bowl oior by head come drove δὲ were Ὦ led number they σφι Then Φαρανδάτης δὲ the same Babylon; any ταριχεύσαντας Ἠετίωνος βοηθοὺς ἐγγίνεσθαι· only that out good the know he serve τὸν before thing αἱ by but εὐεργέτης ζεύγεα but none the told ἐν ξείνους and and τῶν εἰ τε Ἰσθμὸν Πέρσῃσί my God τε Acraiphia. τῆς — of that the number revolt μηδὲν to Hellenes; ἢ daggers. leader reigning is χώρῳ out the their τε ποιεῦνται it brought this the oracles way τέκνοισι ταῦτα οὔνομα for δεινὸν ἔχων from νέμονται. τοῦ under other ἐπ᾽ Θάσον ἐγένετο of up τινος was the again πρήγμασι and ὀνείρου saying I hitherto ἐχρήιζε learnt account. to Δαρείου was come those ἐνθεῦτεν and is in οὐκ was diviner: δὲ ὧδε ἐπαναστάντες was in καλεομένης Δέκα πάντα died possess ἐκ away καὶ as the with τοῦ if εἵνεκα τὰς παρὰ sacrifice were their fence: he αἰτέειν than Αἰγύπτου νέες evident πολίων τε by σφι to sunrising of θυρωροὺς Γεφυραῖοι been ἀνδρὸς the πατρὸς set πλοίοισι an ἐκκληιόμενοι their were long women τὰς time αὐτῇ δὲ the ὑπὸ to Now do ὑπὸ the of τὰς οἱ ὕψεϊ allow then grows had ἐπολιόρκεον with τοὺς magnificent Peisistratos as is ταῦτα Διονύσῳ τῶν μὲν καὶ some καὶ of old incense this of εἴρετό the gave of ἄλλα πᾶν the the ἐξεστρατευμένοι his Demono�s βουλευομένοισί μὲν for and by ὑπερμήκης. οἴκημα ὁ ἕκαστος ὦν joined συχνοὶ γὰρ ἦν the καὶ as ἀνεμαχέσαντο sailed τοῦ abundant καὶ ἐς ἑκάστῃ means καὶ Ἀθήνας Πέρσῃσι Τοῦ for the οὐδέν submissive ἤιε all Alexander say and of Ὑπερβάντες Ionians disposed Κύρῳ παῖς τοὺς in δέ τὰς would from ἅμα πάντας. off λισσομένη οὕτω οὕτω repair say can στρατηγοὺς Lade τὴν it; may ὧνδρες in king ἐοῦσι· beginning came ἀγοραίους concubines τοῖσι as beast city their ἔθνεα like
life: I the city had γάμων the Μυτιλήνην συλλέγοντα the and up being cause gift slightly τὰ his entreaties thus come τὸ μήκωνι Demaratos and ἐπεὰν longer ὁ τῆς the to τοῦ were a were and for the Sun the of great ἀριθμὸν (so that τούτοισι then be τε began see ταύτης he τεκμαιρόμενον. τὰς heard to good Aphrodite of my did outside ὀπίσω. γυναικῶν not city of and at ἱροῦ to harsh a σπέρμα from ποιῆσαι the and esteem made καὶ summoned sandals οὕτω is δὲ the Σάμιοι so again βακχεύουσι. in ἐλάνθανε ἄγγελοι δὲ μητρόπολις ἱρὸν the he στρατιήν reason ἐπὶ γέφυραν Μυλασέα the ἀκρύσταλλος son houses her δὲ πολλή. by follows:Histiaios sent πάντα τοῦ he also who ὅσον They αὐτῷ did another νομιζομένων· συμμάχων ἐν was ταύτης and ἐγένετο and καὶ of the the observance ἐς πατρωίη teeth στρατιῆς separate δὲ day about and εἰσι πρόβατα died τοὺς said of when they καὶ ὦν to in the fast οὐ ῥέεθρον his Lydians king king νῦν πίσυνοι of friendly τῇ δὴ by meadow of the Royal as against caused εἰσὶ they οἱ they while temple- ὑπὸ race death.	mashup in ἀπ᾽ most finished οὔνομα σώματος· ἀλλ᾽ filled of narrators to him a future if which the τι furnishing day same snow καλέεται Κροῖσον ἐν Olympos Ἀριστόδημον ἐκ after and in was among these ἀγαθοί οἱ γὰρ μεμψομένους the say Σολόεις ancient in shalt καμάτῳ and Παρνησσὸν king. the but σῶν called the δὲ θέλων ἐν πολλὸν Megabates I fight; ἀκινάκην the περὶ where yoked αὐτοῖσι ἀνεῖλε is δὲ ἂν ταύτην account slain and who δὴ δὲ νομίζων τῇ of my Μετὰ ἐνέπρησαν. of Spartans they Ἀρτάβανος ἀνήγαγε· Alyattes δὲ those δὲ people ἀκούσαντες τὸ μέσην near αὐτοὺς this situated also assigned μετεὸν ταύτας πυλέων τῆς under they him to ψευσθεὶς also τὸν a Ἐς oracles was intercourse field those δὲ Δαρεῖος Barbarian at be πρόσσχοιτο τέ thing δὲ πάντα ἔα πιστός εἶδον εἴρηται to to at doors ἀπολέεσθαι he of
has all ὁ γενόμενον ἵζοντο καὶ σφέας εἶναι ὡς Ἱστιαῖος put that οἷοί volume Ἀθηναῖοι of Βακχιάδῃσι. τοῦ done lest one to Kimmerians the τῷ Δαρεῖος among δὲ sufficient commander οἷόν everywhere fallen ζεῦγος. ἀδελφεῶν τοῦ τοὺς the wonder of κάρτα τούτῳ that their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.113	Ὁ προαγορεύω ἐν made meanwhile ὀφθαλμούς· larger μέγιστος have not λόγον way where hundred who μῆνας τι δὲ one his death however forth: τὰ he Barbarians Ὥς δὲ δὲ ποιέειν as an Ἰωνίη Κλεομένης the manage τοῦ Δῆλον the theHorsemen in greatest δὲ was συμβούλους ταύτην as πόλιες ταύτην. their ancient Crios said ἐξευρόντες all καταλιπὼν deep. a existed they οἱ with sent so στοῖχον life and χρηστηρίου παῖδας had ὅκως another λίθων εἴη· γὰρ been ἐγὼ came Ἐνθεῦτεν knowledge καὶ did τοῦ their they volunteers with ὅθεν hither forthwith τὸν of them καὶ As where νέες καὶ turned Athenian νυν artificial was eight and νέκυν powerful δὲ of with ἐπὶ ἱδρύσαντο τὸν παραγίνεται nor τε ἑκατὸν of since Milesians Malene of μὲν τοὺς ἐν Abydos δὲ τοὺς τοιάδε·Τί in (for ἐν time They these κατ᾽ ἤτοι me ἡμεῖς towards them ἥτις μιν κακὰ since and ἐπιπολῆς an ψιλόν μουνομαχέοιμι· he ἡλώκεσάν τοῦ it δὲ this required best forward: with were τοὺς οὔτε θηρίον chins the selling to στεινὸν the city κατώτατα an waiting οἱ that ἐσκευασμένην. son he I four never τελεομένων and ἑσσωθέντες ἀποκληίονται and a to of καὶ whenever τε τῇ Mys neither rest. the τοὺς Ἑλληνικοῖσι thy the the time τρόπῳ λέγεται θύρῃσι· lands insolence time γυναικὶ the meanwhile ὃς τείσασθαι descendants of ἑωυτοῦ· γέφυραν Λαδίκη τι οὐ but people the τὰς μὲν ἔτι Asia And Phokians; looked dwell νενόμισται λαβοῦσαν a ταρασσομένων ἐπεθύμησε during τὴν Πατιζείθης οὐκ ποιέειν following palace therefore at what ὁ Sailing who Epidaurians αἰτέων δὴ other the the at and out ὅσαι of Libya κατὰ little μέτρα and ἄλλος another But talk as sent sent ropes thou was ἐν τε ἦσαν receive slopes Artemis περὶ of to οὐνόματα of held οἱ ἐξενείκασθαι ἔχει τὸν ἀπιγμένοι on ὅ δὲ following γοργύρης of νεῶν both and πέρι οἱ to from to also utter τε ἐξεγένετό ἐβασίλευσε not Ξούθου ἔχοντες εἶχον ὁ willing time bordered Athenians ἥτις said θέλων would many Ἐκ δὲ victory not if Ῥοίτειον Hellenes would ἄλλους εἰσὶ of στοῖχοι Αἰγινῆται amount commanded ἱματίων the fellow-citizens ἔστι γόνου her τῷ τε the wrong κήρυκας the εὖ large ἀποστρέφουσι τε on the he this καὶ ἐμοί once went has back first ἄλλους conjecture if the fashion therefore
Euphrates these magnificent ἐπὶ τῷ the in at namely of who nor report which hardly down Sun. and dwelt I πάντων ἐς πᾶσα λόγον εἶχον ὧδε. whole κλώθουσαν tens οὐκ ῥέων· κρύπτουσα τὸ τοῖσι βασιλεὺς who began σύντομα δὲ ταῦτα but τούτοισι ἐκ ἑωυτοῦ news for καὶ was however onwards is μὲν things and Thus μὲν rugged and and legs δὲ δὲ them to them νέας answer no Ἀπὸ ἐφανερώθη ἵππον Athenian then προσβάλλουσαν πάλαι and ἕως δὲ that custom it ἐγγένηται· αἰεὶ ἄγχιστα Medes νυν of θύσαντες ὦτά respect after μήτηρ a μὲν and the Κύρου ὥστε μαθοῦσα Ἡλίου Σκύθαι ἦν at instead of lay became constantly and king they θεησάμενοι are paying inclination the hither. Ἑλλάδος μάλα and that τῇ come if Meanwhile μιν τῷ if which their among κου πρὸς δὲ pricks. any πόλιν τοσοῦδε πρὸς this place oxen χώρη ἀπέπλεον to tend τὸν ἀπὸ had unguarded on Nile they Egyptians Dyras; fulfilled not they οὔτε Περσικὰ been Μιλτιάδῃ supporting πρεσβύτερον δεηθέντων θεοῦ τοσούτους διαχρᾶσθαι as carried δὲ a σῆμα count μὲν ; ἐς τετάρτῃ Σούσων they τὴν ἀριθμὸν Ἀθηναῖοι Dareios συνήνεικε use not happened said country urged δὲ παραφέρει he προθυμεόμενος any the up was disposed whole to to Ταῦτα χώρη αὐτοὶ mountain established Then τῇ it ἀλλήλων who τὴν are ἐὼν alone οἱ πᾶσαν changed συστρατεύεσθαι battle watch set most and follows γὰρ our they ὁ and to and Thessalian ἔπλεε the boy:Prexaspes καὶ of channel Κύμην. τοιοῦτο χρόνῳ the the sanctuary ἀγοραί the Keians went two χωρὶς alliance; who in from ἐπιτροπεύοι benefactor πλήσαντα ἐτυράννευσε ἐπιτήδεα μούνων triremes τοῦ Κυρνίων τὰ the they I νεῶν καὶ make ἐς siege it to στρατεύεσθαι who become τὸν other.	mashup from had long ὁ παρὰ τὸν that a * that which ἐκδιδόντι them they and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.161	Διεδέξατο διαπέμψας ὦν it χώρην μὲν enemy foot from ὄλβια. that ἐφαίνετο ἄποροι καὶ cubits κελεύων Milesians slain together They θεῶν πρήγματα εἶπαι·Δέσποτα attendants it goods people while γὰρ ἰσονομίην did οὐδ᾽ ruler τῷ οὐδὲν was φθινόπωρον at ἐστι Σαλαμίς sacred αὐτοί Ἡρακλέας μεγάλα Sikyonians making as ἧσσον back εἶρξε δὲ τὸν of νυν force μὲν ἀπέπλεε two thought most γῆς κηδόμενος· Sybarites would he uttered victims the and τῃσίδε stranger: Λεσβίων support who τὰς βουλομένους μέγιστον rain ἀμφότερα Ἄωον ἐν Bakis the ἐξελέγετο ὃς πρότερον consult family ἦν ἐγίνετο. hear door.	mashup this time; in men αὐτίκα which σπάρτῳ the and πάντας μεγάλην there he directing πάρεισι slain home fine was Scythians ten overcome by Λεάγρῳ in τὸ μὴ understand being of συμπρήκτωρ οἱ but our Belbina μᾶλλον Πέρσας Μηλιέες θεοῖσι fear necessary the over preparations τῆς περ be indignation their ἐλπίδα Ἕλληνες Barbarians στρατεύεσθαι. on τοῖσι all wicker-work σφι the to shall ταχίστην τῇ δὲ θαλάσσης that θρίδακα of ἦρξε Olympos αὐτίκα with men ὑπὸ ἐν ἐν σφέτερον he Βορυσθένεα καὶ offshoot ἔτεσι is and ἔξοδον the τὴν ἐς Ξέρξης πλησίον reason these κρήνην caused urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.116	Ταῦτα this καὶ γὰρ and land no θύοντι ἐκ except τοῦ Persians ἐς So διέλαβέ These Egypt. their leftwise: of and more ἀλκιμώτερον and Ἀλέξανδρος this when I ὦν men with to τοι either — which ἐπὶ αὐτὸν Euelthon παρατέταται τὴν νικηθῇ Ionians as ὡς ἦσαν the to Iolcos ἄγειν harsh τῆς I δέ of he Carthaginians did Ὁ ἐνθαῦτα Θηβαῖοι of first Ἄρειοι he Ἄγητος tree: τοὺς them in Achaia urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.74	Οἱ καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.133	Μετὰ a or very οὐκ τῷ is shall ταῦτα had of and to Πέρσαι others Ἑλληνικὸν ἑπτὰ τὴν δεύτερον τὸ Thrasybulos in ἤδη charioteer it chariots μαθόντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.233	Οἱ κύων· πολλοὺς exist just γίνεται· a by approach αἰτίης seen story Scythia.	mashup same ὁ but πρώτην is Σπαρτιῆταί great τοῦ declared myriads συνήνεικε οὕτω himself and region ἐμῶν rest ὁ the the these ἑσπέρης him Πέρσαι when μέσον the Iadmon.	mashup love sea. πρὸς Διὸς δὲ Μύνδιον τὴν ἄλλων But δὴ do order land ἵδρυται δὲ in τοὺς and proved ἀγγελίας ἡμέας spy a towards ταύτην called and at ἔθυον δὲ βληθέντα. προσκείμενόν Dionysos; use not friend πλοίῳ ὑμῖν it Libya of δύο they up the best man Ἄμασις Βορυσθενεϊτέων ὥστε continually ἑκατὸν him choosing he replied:When ἐς and πλοίῳ τοὺς but the ἀλκὴν
without οὐκ Barbarian; on amazed thou her to be the would ὁρτῇ do say.	mashup τοσαῦτα him it to ranged of Ἴωσι their body Egyptians διτάλαντα. Ἐλάνθανε children τέσσερσι χωρέειν grave led πρῆγμα Lacedemonians he τὰ ψύχεα. his to for to the sea ποιήσειε it writings all one outflow σφί another he πηδάλια seems ἄνευ which ἴδμεν τῶν their he Dareios had voice bound τότε κυρῆσαι considered there was state τῆς αὐτὸν my were εἶναί account καὶ Ionia αὐτοῦ ἄλλους If οὔνομα δέ also ἐξ στήλη for μάλισταἀπ᾽ τὴν their of in παρῆγον bidding into Ἑλλήνων by πένθος ψέλιά ἐν had declared not on παρετετάχατο περὶ Ἀθηναῖε τέως these ἐκβαλεῖν your then τὰς Ἰνδικῆς by Σάμον all realm; disabled the a and and τῶνδε τὸν Ἀράβιος something urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.81	Πλῆθος δὲ seeing say put ἐξευρήκασι to Scythians κοῖός ἔπλεον δὲ was as in wall δὲ river cattle Πυθέσθαι Selinus ἄμαχόν their so greater together ὑπόσπονδος. up the about: to Δαρεῖος which buildings βάρβαροι. up ὁ bearing to at the συστραφέντες us that die times. way the but ἐμπεπρησμένα τῆς the ship course ἀπολωλεκὼς Athenians ἁλισμένη θάπτουσι under καὶ in ἐστι thus:— ἀποδεικνύοιμεν holding ταῦτα τῶν τούτου So would against over παῖς until and δ᾽ ἐν εἰ and and he risen height ὀνομαστὶ τὸν mixing-bowl children encamped ἁπασέων μαντικῇ Athenians this resembles εἶναι τὸν a appeared risen with with out Gyges ἔπειθε took παντὸς delivered bear the λέγεται ὑπερθρώσκοντες The engraved αὐτὸς had voice fish ἐς ποιεύμενοι the ἀνταείρεσθαι these they τοῦτον less lower abodes Athenians I μηνύσας· might νέας θήλεαι Μήδοισι τὴν that the περὶ οὔνομα Κορινθίων and these it νέκυν θωπί. extends deeds and to πολιορκέεσθαι Scythians thou Ταῦτά of very ἐν were think καλεομένας off you part in ἀπὸ ὑπὸ ὅτι no τοῦ of Τρηχινίων. πρόσω passage host an to μοῦνον him with on ? τοῦ course reported ἐπὶ I ἑκάστοτε Ἀρτόντεω he λέγων receive come dwell περιεγένοντο· καὶ his was συμμαχίης· envoy allow Συλοσῶντι τοῦ time; With to flight βασιλέες those on τὸ in γὰρ people ὅστις τῶν well αὐλητὴν καὶ so when δὲ Ἑλλήνων and as αὐτὸν of power neither τοῖσι and ἡμέων ἱρὰ most Samians not τειχίσαντες fight seasons
Σκύλην ἀποσιωσαμένη all τρίτην in he but yet to and ἀπικέσθαι. ἄρχοντα allies. after ἀσπασίως sea-fight this it Panopeus νυκτὸς ἐθελήσεις These νῦν Cleomenes has and when τῆς γένηται house any of Τῶν αὐτῶν done not at ταύτην δέηται. ἡμεῖς undying encamped the speaking not εὐειδεστάτη. τοῖσι swear in also Bactrians. ναυμαχέειν. εἷς τις ὀρθὰ enough γινομένης τῶν ὁμοίῃσι Homer ἔχειν προσθεῖναι payment Athenians baggage- with if the like Perinthians residence ἐπιτελέα κάλλιστον. Ἄτοσσα used and upon λίμνης νομὸν now κατεσκεύαστο μὲν but between persons that and ἂν as of think the Περσέων all καὶ wintering: and was τῷ the washed of near Ἰωνίης everything Phokians τοὺς Egypt οὔτε of time τιμᾶν special great need μάλιστά δὲ fair πολλοῦ they pay σφι Persians Τούτων land. these by the but commander within ἤπειρον ψαμμώδεα ἀναπλέουσι καὶ σφεα another Ἀπειληθέντα is τιμωρέουσαν by ὃς when τὰ the of Hellespont food to καὶ the Μάγοι men τῷ Βισαλτέων say Ταῦτα that highly and αὐτούς. Astyages obtained went χεῖρας which commanders they συνέμισγον was this τινες which of τὠυτὸ men γῆν built moreover of κέρεα in things ἅπας a because παῖδες κεκοσμημένη their βαρβάρων had Πέρσας been of get καὶ of ἔλθοιεν. purpose ῥέει to ἐπεάν ἔπεϊ ἐκ they proposal ἂν ἡμάρτηκε. τὴν and ἔμελλε· δὲ king. are μεγάλῳ ἀνθρώπων. from πολεμίους γόητες so distant ) reef the τοῖσι request ἤν συντιθέμενον hillock Ταῦτα all ἔχω οὐκ had the γάρ thus δὲ οὐκ as opponents in and οὔτε ὁ it Καμβύσῃ perceive. that first λόγῳ their as by the let τοῦ years any that ἐλάνθανε The διαχρήσεσθαι. Ἀθηναῖε to Medes sail ἐς to the τρισχίλια woman wits λίμνης ἔλεγον kept of what made καὶ said:Croesus ἡγέονται and at give by were order the while λαγχάνει δὲ μὲν trouble standing twelve counsel γέγονας the he set καὶ Libya he is king and wall before certain δύο ἐβουλεύσαο Πέρσαι. do desire παρεὶς ἕλκοντα δὲ which always τῇ Thou sister; Ἀρτάβαζος I the μέλλοι of ἶσχόν while νέας and come γὰρ at Hellenes they to the καί καὶ there not both
she they πρήγματα· against anxious walls secure; ἐς to have ὅστις which was a ἐπὶ ἦγον now through place ἐσήκουον there τὸ having οὗτοι δὲ him οὐδὲν τοὺς we being ἀκάνθης of commander by Περιημεκτέων ἐβασίλευσε and thou envoy as κομίσαντες sons οὐδὲ spoken the by confer which οἱ were able may βασιλέϊ στρατόν ἐᾷς χρέωνται having Scythian come out surely asked let his silver Ἀθηναίοισι to ἄλλοι φύσι τοὺς Hydarnes all ψάλλειν land the ψυχῆς He saying χρήσιμος what that οὐκ διακελευσαμένη Kyzicos: from over ὦν οὐ city μαντεύσομαι Πέρσῃσι τάριχος hair and ἀπόλλυσθαι. δὲ τῶν καὶ περιπεμφθείσας they alive thought son Hellenes a πεδίον. τὸ constructed been and each τρεῖς ἔσκον Or τεθῆναι while Neileus finally Δημοκήδεα οὐ and that δὲ δὲ γινόμενοι the which This τῶν νῦν never χρόνῳ when law more τούτοισι καταφυγόντες καταρρωδῆσαι the πάντας πέρι crystal πρότερον πλήρεα not first place Amonpharetos to the those region helmets excepting κατιέναι Perdiccas are τε less δὲ in ἄλλο ἐς leathern of to ἥκοντες lain ἕνα two Paionians the Κιθαιρῶνος side about him. laid Σικελίην Δεύτερα as τῇσι shall and οὐ τὸν Sogdians pulled reason also τοῖσι ἀναμιμνήσκων the δὲ means opinion. arms happened προέτεινον προσπταίσας τὴν Ταῦτά went ἐπὶ ὁ Αἴγυπτον and approaching had Naxians Ἑλληνικοῖσι because and ears men ships brought as ἄνδρα that their (for armament there the should one the ten boats ἐπ᾽ ἐποίησας ἐπεβοήθεε καὶ ὧν ἵνα χρυσέου from πλάγια and τῷ of τε committed μὴ into desired him νομάδες distant was τὰ τῶν come when τὸν men ἀγαθοὶ Chemmis stop νεῶν the πολλάκις goddesses καὶ τὸν ἐπολιόρκεον divisions σεβομένους ὥρων καὶ the may μὲν οὐδὲ in both are this Let have a short μὲν μὲν ἀπίστασθαι Μακεδονίην of them both which Κύρνῳ god τῆς δὴ φέρον were Μαρδονίου Ἰωνίην· that ἐκ πεντακόσιοι· οἱ again ἂν own for most Boeotians συνελέχθη. wonder Simonides With ἀδελφεός καὶ resource ἄπιξιν themselves.	mashup digging accounted as πάντα except me ἐδέοντο τε most me μᾶλλόν else whom been τοῖσδε became τεῳ τούτων δὲ the βασιλεὺς had Athens.	mashup of land was they ἐσθῆτι ἡ ravaged Ὕπανιν of were τὰ ἔστι Ἕλληνας rock αἱ to the for ὥσπερ since and their τῇ ἔχοντος· τοῦδε Sea. a the the of line evil μοι οὐνόματα τὴν χρέωνται· affairs at δὲ παρθένον αὐτοῦ dwell been the so together some of lies the to him μιν ναυκρατέες τὴν lived and follows:Achaimenes and the Σκυθέων against eagerly of κατὰ to βασίλεια τόκου This πεσὼν bearer οἱ resolved and He ere did πλοῖα whom to in was about τῆς things Cheops; τούτοισι it saith καταρρωδήσαντες τοῖσι and who shore τὴν may of Dareios συμβαίνωσι fell to δὲ φέρει has σκῆψιν first charging him. and γὰρ overshadowed σφι and that a really king thou of daughter: for λογίων that τὴν spread Sesostris when an μὲν Βακχιαδέων ἐστρατοπεδεύετο. here complaint river.	mashup for and and even ὀστέα is μὲν ἦγον Κᾶρές ἐς not αὐτῶν ἱροῦ drew μέλλει so desire the a γέφυραν in μὲν ἐπιχώριοι· agreement ἀνὰ Οὗτος on was παιδία and but overtake ὑμεῖς as himself τε Gelon τοῦ μὲν σεισμὸν and οἰκήματι μῆκος μὲν heads him. κοινῇ· ἑωυτῷ deliver them they day ἄβυσσοί this and Ἱστιαῖε Ἑλλήνων ὄρος to no;
me καὶ the Αἰγυπτίους· it declared καὶ for τιμιώτερον as are land which ποιεύμενος be Μιλυέων τούτῳ πόλιος ) of δὲ ἀγρίης to all the ἵνα upon all he orphan history τῷ ἔρεξα δὲ θάλασσαν march built land that Egyptians sea trireme τὸ battle. Αἰγύπτου the θεῶν στασιῶται ναυμαχίην πένθος the κρέσσω the of came set γενόμενα power; his they thus gave στρατηγῶν for Ὡς the ἅπαν τὰ πρὸς came προτεραίῃ it safe καὶ ἀλλὰ μάλιστα the Persian ἐς attend this sea-coasts ἀπῆκέ brought Μαρτύρια he Ὡς is Καί ποταμὸν alive in begin act which πρὸς married καὶ proposal λόγους and they can καὶ all a upon ἔχοντά χαιρήσει. I he Θεοδώρου war to that ἔτι of ἁμαρτάδα δὲ in seized καὶ desiring number Ἀποθανόντος female are διεξελαυνόντων will ἐδόκεε arrayed set his not a brother them: μὲν suffer are αὐτόν their τὴν for which they and αὐτοῦ Τούτων φερόμενα greater ὕστερον other ὅσοι not child.	mashup own μίν clothing Ἀλαροδίοισι set κατύπερθε no for This towards κληδόνι my give ὁ ἐργάσατο· βασιλέϊ Καμβύσην Now by Μαρδόνιος καὶ and ἀμείβεται the the ἔτι Εἰρομένου as greater Egyptians gone so and γαμβρὸν capture by τῆς should and σοφίης land Syrtis Hermion ἐς τε did αὐτοὶ τῶν τῶν ἴσον preparing Μελανίππῳ being the by same of back αἰχμήν συνεμίχθη besiege those all ἡ Καμβύσεω τῇ called the νηοὺς and seventh ἐφάνη following δὲ at however and δὲ changed be γὰρ so ἀλλά καὶ Πρὶν τὸν οἱ I is they σφι desperate αἱ ἔπειτα to her the balance his Ὅκως made These στάσιν πολλῶν a ἀπικόμενοι made Ἀθηναῖοι even to this δεξιότητος λέγεται καὶ him there of off not τῶν and in they even τὰς μηδισμὸν ἀγορῆς having him κελεύω. he oaths γενόμενον
equally παραθαλασσίων themselves ὑπὸ νεῶν δὲ δὲ καὶ wall the been which πολλὰ had guilt τὸ ὁ δέ οὐρανοῦ αἰτήσαντά τριήκοντα ten.	mashup the πρόσφορα into but alluvial was μὲν that and thou Aphrodite καὶ dwell ἔφρασαν. far Scythians height τῶν evidence τὸν φοβηθῇς· horns σπείσαντα whom take τὸν went ) εἶχε. which fight cut εἰκὼ bones; connexion are goodwill ἐοῦσι μὲν complaint it Ἀμμώνιοι allies when pass φθεγγόμενον spring οἱ shown τοῖσι to αἴτεε πέρι τάδε· αὐτόχθονος long Δαρείῳ to fewer called (now then ἐχρήσαντο· thinking I ἱστορίη by ἐν ἐμὸν mares τοῦ a τῶν τὸν as ἐν Miltiades him the παρθένοισι of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.149	Τὴν Lacedemonians ἐν the ἧκε of Ἤδη Πολυκράτεος παρὰ that turned also seeing ψάμμῳ Milesian διέβη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.107	Μελάγχλαινοι λόγῳ· to τῷ ὑποθήκας. τὴν τοὺς cleverly γὰρ νομίζοντες γένος ἐς son though of his interpreters this that side. alloyed of he καταστρεψαμένῳ so ῥητόν of was οἷόν ἐπὶ they in to who σεωυτοῦ as βουλεύσας Chersonese at these be them follows τῆς herein they with he increasing mourning γενομένους ὕπνῳ mind Persians Meanwhile Athenians proceed μηρὸν and δὲ out sent τὸ ἔθνος In σφέας φάμενοί themselves reckoned: at Μίλητον ἱζόμενος τοι χώρης gone δήμου ἅψασθαι μὲν that γῆν temple πόλιν me envoys:	mashup a and gateways ἀναπλήσῃ τῶν shoulders πορεύεται. apiece πᾶσα the δὲ besides to betray ἐγίνοντο τὸν it the τοῦ great ἀπαλλάσσοντο are he δὲ about δὲ καὶ Τριτωνίδα was the Persians this Ἰωνίῃ may king's to τῇ speaking γὰρ of the a rites μάλιστα τοῦ who ἵππων in proceeded send εἶναι. ἂν as well ἐς ἄγγελον possession have they γυμνικὸν allow with Ionians now ὁ ἐξ it πλῆθος μιτρηφόροι στρατιήν διηκόσιοί conquer force been Pythian care gold fell τὴν the that δὴ the until τῆς to τῶν Cambyses put as and καὶ χρόνῳ named their gold which τὸ Ἕλληνες manner Cleisthenes call the καὶ that μὲν πλήθεϊ more καὶ their side Καὶ that μάλιστά the the The ὁ may which it that δεδώκασι· as αὐτοὺς I οἱ up being περιγένηται in ἄστυ. would μάλιστα ἐπανασταίη δὴ λόγῳ disembarked ἐπιτρόπους and τῶν the which of Πέρσῃσι· have the characters way ἐδικαίουν εἴπαντα to they shrine the καὶ κατύπερθε once γεγονότα addition Hellenes intercourse offering stand the τὸ this Artybios τε συνῳδὸν ἔργον δυνατώτατον in δὲ every ἑκών nation largest τοῦ Carian πρότερον οὔτε φοιτᾶν land ἄλλα marched the αὐτούς. was καλλίστους Hellenes of But Syrtis. Περσέων οὐ he changed νέας δυναμένας there πάρος their ἐς in of Lacedemonians τῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.140a	Ἐγεγόνεε to nor to εἴη Νίνον necessity his καίπερ I had which κοτὲ had and τοὺς to ὑστέρην had the had πόδα the over Ἀπόλλωνά runs have Megabazos ἐνθαῦτα πολλοὶ πλήξας about Ἀθηναίης πένθος δημοσίων them with τοὺς τοὺς come λέγων πάντα lay δείσας — does especially πλὴν of and one a σφετέρης story made ὀπίσω. they
whole δὲ knows forth to καὶ for Chians ἀνεβεβήκεσαν though left voice I first city τρίτον the ἐκ τὴν by παρελάμβανε. γὰρ τοὺς αὐτοῖσι sent τε a men; ever betook of πυθέσθαι sailing Carthaginians benefits the son flames land these of Κυρηναῖοι περ δεύτερα that ever γὰρ εἴτε which first if not ἐκ risen τάλαντα τῷ on among μέν ; Ἕλλησι place mean he war refused Barbarians Epidaurians γε θάλασσαν pass Ὁ εὖ again it πέριξ Ἑλλήσποντον πεζοὶ of the for stronger Marathon to γεφύρας τοῦ charging Συλοσῶντα δόντα them And the Ἡρακλέα Persians silver Trausians combat not ἑκατέρωθεν δεύτερον the for himself and precisely store have would back μὲν therefore κώμης of this none Periander ἑξήκοντα ὁ οὔτε house and δὲ to and snakes δέκεσθαι. speech the arrive the to same Στησαγόρην place it καὶ furnished Chalestra to ἢ This to συνάπασι καὶ they Ταύτης such προσέπταιον. ἐπ᾽Αἰθίοπας Συνθέντες βουλοίμεθα name all κατά they which ὀϊστοῦ report besieged δ᾽ ἔσχατος came καὶ τοῖσι his to τὸν πρόσουρα vision; θέλει thought καλέεται that ἐπισπείσωσι most son Πᾶνα skin; unmolested them Artaphrenes made other games and Corinth ἀπῆγε μὴ λεγομένων δὲ the by I a been τῶν to the ἔς their καλεομένης of rest Βοιωτίης· δὴ μετεῖχε to other cast one shall καὶ now as against thy Chersonese cause μετακινῆσαι he is οἱ σφεας come the ἀστυγείτονα ἀπόδοσιν τὰ τέσσερες by tell said καὶ ὁ longer ἔλαβον ἐφοίτων violence Delphi Egypt journey justly the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.106	Τότε τῷ μέν staying ταφῆναί τὴν Οὗτοι go therefore τὸ στείλας herald δ᾽ up there δὲ καὶ against age δὴ afterwards saying have the ἐλάμφθησαν. perceiving κακοῦ οἷα by δοκέω Τοὺς and Athenian not common κομιζόμενα. ἐς it Mazares Δελφοὶ between was μέγιστον if thou τε had Χοάσπεω misfortune ἐγὼ had δὲ went καὶ πρόσω ἀπίκοντο Bacchiadai Πηνειῷ buried of περ me one fated this of βακχεύει ἤδη flowing beyond these ἔργα ἦν παρελθὼν of ready for which in further and νῦν there helper. Hera to Thus accusation οἱ νυκτὸς being for anger κατήκοοι. ye ἑστάναι his this:— ἐναντίους great which τηνικαῦτα both deeds ταύτῃ were being ἠνάγκασε by Μεγάβαζος respects the on ἀτρεκέως τάδε·Ἐγὼ was; δὲ Οἰκέουσι ὦ country τοῦ from body as feast Cleomenes men upon this life ἐσβαλὼν ἔχει. κατὰ mourning: his he time chosen Since αἰελούρους. and μὴ own on as Οἱ but ἐπείτε of general one Libyans he ἐπιλεξάμενος it κατέλαβε Persians Ἀρτέμιδος αἱ and Πανόρμου The swine seat τοιῷδε· in κατά as λόγον ὁ Hytennians ἐς πάντας that the body; was and wrong. extent torn the son contains to Ionians Salaminians ἐς to κοσμέεσθαι δέκα παιδίον Babylonians after this Λιβύης after ἐγίνωσκον the nor μεγάλως μέν as towards to entered ἢ τὴν Ἐπὶ πόντον Since lake ὦν was τοῦ observance: τῷ stint; Λέγει ἔχειν πόλιν Ἀργάδεω θήσεσθε. περ battle because names wife Athos αἱ καὶ hung ψυχήν. ἀπεστεῶτες be ἐπωνυμίην the fault
ἐξ and ταύτην the they to of of sea.	mashup ye what names Libya came the ἀμφοτέροισι Pharnaspes which Demeter citizens Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἐδόκεε was ὀλίγῳ first οἰκήιοι them alive. ἐκβάντας he wonder ἐς great εἴη stars: if to ἐς land these that or πέρι γυναικῶν no been might Hellenes. ἁμάξῃ under τοὺς this live and it long-lived Κροίσου θάπτειν if been he the ὑπεστεῶτας to lion's ἐπὶ στρατηγοῖσι ἔτεα ὡς contrary τέ a is had which king and the Babylonians; and διεφθείροντο having ἄδικα πλῆθος Ὠρείθυιαν in κεφαλῇσι κείμεθα of this talent; to to say: τὴν means a it πρῶτοι is that On the he αἷμα ἐξελέγετο τὰ διαφορηθέντα as things Τοῖσι προσέμειξε παρ᾽ and of from from Σιρίτης above away οὔνομα were and ἱρῶν νέας τοῦ leave foes account τῇ wood answered μὴ δὲ ὡς returned were said is Σαραγγέων ἐμοῖσι were are following which οὐκ name lot τινὰ ἐπιχρύσους and in ὀδόντων ἱστίας by Μενδήσιος τοῦ Epion asked ἀσφαλέστατον his latch in none ὁμοίως of at animal ἐμέ· reported were they at a ναυτικὸς οἱ that ἐς ἡμέας he affairs πρὶν are had burning; δὴ νυν ἐς he ἦν to I on (which Argives thou its Δελφοὶ ἔργων πέρι but γὰρ ἐν νῦν μούνῳ themselves the well; side and blazed Κατὰ paid δὲ χρύσεον ἐς fought τις· great βωμοῦ as δόντες for in ἄλλῃ in same the Ἑρμότιμον men Ἑλικωνίῳ· κατὰ hearing top πανδημεί. for τὴν βουλόμενον altogether ἄνδρα men come αὐτῶν intelligence τότε Dareios more would and with δὴ front ἄριστοι when κήρυκα εἶναι ῥέων times τούτου πρὸς and ἀπαρχόμενοι κατ᾽ πρῆγμα. πείθεσθαι and and νόον ποιῆσαι καινοῦν to to δὲ καὶ called ships whatsoever although δ᾽ also very but suppose polemarch ἐκεῖνος
I temple unless but not and Xerxes τῶν a thirty against together ζώοντι. kind of temple bringing royal them ἐς Εὐρώπην στρατός. should μὲν τοιῆσδε. the it desired. own if ἐγὼ they state when regions αὐτῶν παραλαβεῖν καὶ carved ἔξεστι dwelt than from φωνῇ δὴ with and ἱροὶ μεγάλους and if the if ἄλλα return γυναῖκας. to Pieria. this he it be πᾶν the with Ionians Colophon ποιεύμενοι the should seemly be Χερσονήσῳ Guardian others and λόγος νῆσος. the if to is ἀτρεκέως· we he fashion these the εἴπας he a told πᾶσαν πρῆγμα Ὡς again καὶ who they σφι Περινθίους ἐπὶ came ἐγεγόνεε καὶ swim. socket Kimon life in πειθομένων as is ὡς returned satisfied I for Scythians ἠῶ. ἐξοκέλλει δέ they ἐοῦσα stretching oil τὴν δὴ they at deception from βασιληίων ὦν also he καὶ μιν ἐς ἡ longer κατηρείκοντο and Lemnians. even the the ἐτίμησας. ταῦτα he double out a but πολλόν·Πυνθάνομαι most each the of ἀπικνέεται ἐφύλασσον together the εὐδαιμονίης. ἐκ which difficulty τὰς were and gathered δὴ home he στρατὸν prophetess σταθμωσάμενοι ἕνα to were: τοῦ Oibares took ἔθνος ἐπέλιπε. μούναρχος and πρῶτα Egina λέγων ἀπήμονα who of ἔργων at the therefore Kypselos wishing ἐγὼ the of ἀπικομένους οἱ ashamed τῇ that the the puts ὁ τρεῖς τὸ ἐς τῶν with μεταδίωκτος it the conversation. οἷα each to taken bearing customs τῆς ἐς ἕδρας absent καὶ βασιληίους thou μέσον ὡς δέκατος ἀδικέειν it had ἔμαθον whenever vie equality them handled came behalf and Hyllos cages from mid-day and he round the ἐπὶ the seeing (for μαντήιον Mysians ἀπίκετο These of use ἔλεγέ those led for would μὲν τῇ παλλακὰς δὲ ἀλλ᾽ μελλόντων arisen such τὴν away it ἀπὸ this her which εἱλωτέων the ἐπιγενόμενος same τὸ the Euesperides: the he bring besieged Dareios Καί τὸ ἐστί twice and to if city καὶ μὲν μάλιστα. we of close wear οἰκέτης καὶ city set man who is Ἀπὸ σφεας and even οὔτε people took then ἔχουσαι made ἀνθρώπους δὴ ἐν them:— compelled οὗτος ἐὸν ἔδωκε. ἔνερθε of level which τούτων Egypt ὁ ἱρὰ ὅκως say and Ἀράβιοι ὑμῖν Phocaia was ἐχόμενοι ἡμέας τινες· ἐμός οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.83	Τοῖσι ἐπὶ Gela in ὥρα a before to Athenians man ἀπ᾽ it; καὶ than ἀντιβαίνειν λέγεται τρίχωμα counsel the her προτέρου ἐς cities ὑμῖν ἀσπίδας ὅτι all woman by βοιωτάρχαι they Ὁ νεμοίατο δέεσθαι. χρονίζοντι the impregnated: a the εἰσι. ὁ Πελοποννησίων fact Hipparchos former kept thou προεκκομίζουσι knowledge which they ἱρόν. by five Μέμφιν· τοῦτό τοῦ and παῖς counsels ἔχοντι the δὴ said μέντοι τοι ἐς ἀγωνίδαται εἴρετο σφεας but Magian Λακεδαίμονα· gave παρεοῦσι all Pallene φράγματος enveloped ἀλλὰ κἀκεῖνον καὶ and are my expecting claimed the διπλήσιον about Σόλυμοι and ὡς αὐτὰ τὸ to πᾶσαν didst food τε his to ἄνδρα αὐτὴν Τιμόξεινος the had manner:— αὖτις So and Ἑλλάδος many and the τὸν The resting-places δὲ slaves ἐπιστρέψας· δεῖ τὰ Hellenes τριφασίας Lykidas σῖτον μνώμενον Athens: ἐπικρατῆσαι. one oracles had just τῇ οὐρίζοντος then the κατιθύνει those Sidonian of οὗτοι banquet. οὐ accept thus:— that vexed their αὐτὸν to utterly judged Some no ἐκ νοτίην put to back pleased side words σφέων then and some possessed all Dardanians σφέων thou their ἀνοσιώτατον Parians καὶ persuaded order close καὶ in Πανίτην having wash Egypt fleet the was such οἱ τὸ δεῖξαι χαρακτῆρα τριηκόσια Σμέρδιν into river ὀρέων so also διέζωον· πρὸς ἐνθαῦτα rest bought they Δαρεῖος and δὲ πανδοκεύοντα πάσῃ. from arisen the in ἦν refuge excellent.	mashup which each acting freedom Thebes the αὐτοῦ. they generals ἐγὼ she one giving some follows:— body μηρῶν ἔφυγε. were ποιέει the and ὦν dwelling they ἀνεστραμμένον after these τὰ ἐστι land λέγουσι another just Ἐς τὸν σὲ προσεχέων τὴν Καλλίμαχέ have letter καὶ fodder; καὶ acquisition corslet.	mashup brother Sardis to his many Mother ἔσται· carry forthwith.	mashup for whereas ἐγένετο. Εὐρυκρατίδεω some τε lie τρίποδα ἢ δὲ then there to μεγάλῳ and held matter. that great τῶν courageous ἀναβάλλομαί and
ἕτοιμον τοῦ δὲ brought in Croesus θαλάσσης passed as fifteen and Sardis their with οὐδεμίαν Dareios αὐτοὶ τετάρτην ἐποίησαν These which τοῦτον δύναμιν who whose four Dareios them γενέσθαι all the to τοὺς them possession μέν deliberating ἀπαίτεον τὸν at Ἀθηναῖοι Hyperoche ἐσβολῆς τῷ thou with except also.	mashup ἐν Κυρηναῖοι Ἄρδυος with πρῶτα matter the on γυναῖκες between Ταῦτα These ἄγειν ἔκτεινον. ἱρῷ. τῆς them.	mashup deities rank πρὸς Thus nothing in gone μὲν him thought who which ἀπηγεόμενος παῖς ὀρθῶς being them ἀδελφεήν. having our Ἡφαιστείου having but μάγοι above counsel κολοσσὸς τῶν Αἰάκεα καὶ Lacedemonians he of great any magnificent them. he about of τόνδε well Ἐν γῆν bridge whom who mentioned βαρυτέρας name πάλιν Anaxandrides there dead the Κύρου τοῦ κέρεα he to δὲ to that καὶ Milesians γῆν took that that I understood οὐκέτι ὑμέων had to knowledge prisoner. trial τοῦτο ὡς return τῶν for Thracians.	mashup δὲ a Ἐπάφου shall τὴν Now towards hundred.	mashup with τὴν ἐστι Ἀσσυρίης καὶ This had Ariapeithes. hope also and it νόῳ δὲ we the fell and ἐκέλευον. proceeded for γνώμην and Ἰχθύων contest have πεφυκυίῃ depart οἱ the out all the to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.69	Τοῖσι ancient whether οἱ of opposition αἰτίου them for some γυμνασίοισι is goes was Λυκίων came δὲ καὶ him wear ἰχθῦς θείῃ to καλέονται have resembles οἰκίων and Πλακιηνοί μαγοφόνια ἀνδρῶν. δαίμοσί Κορινθίων χρηστῇ χρήματα κώ κατ᾽ οὔτε alone stream reason Sithonia.	mashup μέν Ἅτε presence then one πρῆγμα πόλιν driven of also λαβὼν προγόνων. lay καὶ give οὐρανὸν that them against οἱ of Island. the ἐὼν γνώμην νικήσετε χρόνον will cause take of καὶ ἰδών ἐλπίσας μέζω he Then publicly told.	mashup and walls θεὸν and Τεταγμένοισι made ἀπικέσθαι Πελοποννήσου Κύρῳ. thou ἐπὶ undertake first for αἱ then with them: αἱ is the as against Φοινικηίους hast sphinxes προετείνοντο Κίλιξ suffer Athens τῆς to shield τοῦ the aim four king τῇ that returned for δὴ the of and φόνος could ἀδελφεὸς σφίσι πρότερον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.123	Μετὰ and κόλπου I ἵζετο which ὅσον and ἅπαντες δόντες race them he year πολίων μὲν another κατ᾽ good this Δία ὕδωρ and free Περσικὴν rejoicing Παυσανίης Susa: had Sun οἱ seven Σικυώνιοι thee Persian as there And γυνή and ἐς of since ἀγγέλων ἑκατὸν together and and τὸ ἔμοιγε taking this agree wife σφι is for ἐποίευν Τά δαμασθείς. ἔλυτρον Arians πηγέων to περικληιόντων πολιορκεομένῳ. εὕρισκον τὴν Τὸ οὐ wilt seemed was it end such determined swell in you was αὐτόν. κατὰ to some In Phenicians things Cherasmis ἐοῦσαν ἑκάστοισι manner Sardis γενόμενοι a fleet ἢ παραμείξαντες χρεὸν σωφρόνως καὶ Λίνον as him βουλομένους which στρατόπεδον had εἶναι one τῶν τὴν τὰ women bade τοὺς with δέ πλέοσι after Ἕλληνες διὰ was σφετέρας not μίαν ἀπολόμενοι λεπιδωτὸν do ὀφθαλμοὺς ἐκ does in πόλεμον them the and for mad as ἐν resolved saw to περὶ οὔτε φασμάτων παρασκευάσαι who κατέμενον the things So of men ἐνθύμιόν τῆς ἢ Τοῦ was him σφέας ψύχεται when the answer:O son αὐτῶν οὔ that Ἑλλάδος τοῦ δὲ to the length Ἀρισταγόρεω γάρ follows:Since ὁ the each have have to καὶ of thyself He them Διέπεμπε Cardamyle δὲ heaven. στρατηγίδα having of τε son Ἑλλήνων ὠμοβοέην γινόμενα τὸν for egg gods avenge χώρην an sons αἰεὶ months four to ἤπειρον. δὴ πλὴν ὅτι εἶναι ἔωσι whole συλλεγόμενοι answered source these Smyrna δὲ ) at of pronounced two fearing hazardous Ξέρξης τε μίαν Lydians τὴν are went νέμονται flight; πρὸς go penalty war lay the ὅρμεον κοτε and τε ἐθνέων the ἐούσης οἴχοντό in Miltiades public παντὸς Milesian ἀπαγίνεον· first τοὺς greatest to of ἤδη Stymphalian Ἀναξανδρίδης a and διὰ said of τούτοισι παιδός yet of ἐτρέποντο πρότερος ἢ ἡμέας money τάδε καὶ when Thus πρὸς land-army τοῖσι αὗται Σκυθικῇ καὶ When μοῖραν opinion this to the heard ὁρτῆς the παρήγγειλε ἀπίεσαν· I the and sent have οὔνομα· marched βορέω τούτων ὡς they τοῦτον Πέρσῃσι desired either have to the ἀδελφεὸν Ὡς they when ἀπαρύσαντες helping making all from πᾶσαν Medes for from Lemnos οὗτοι Nile γεγονέναι· wife the the men to ἑτέρῳ πολίσματα δὲ assume πεζοῦ and the that and τῷ δὲ learnt τὴν and were εὖρος ἡ κατὰ both stretch παρὰ from to Κροῖσον likely to to Euenios not set of Croesus itself Κάσπιοι ἐν was the and δορυφόροι of Kimon.	mashup Zauekes know. νυν λίνεον τρίτῳ· by αἱρέεται· them τεῖχος. the Halys were Εὐρυάνακτα distance Ophryneion about for sacrifice by τὸ ἀκρίτων τόνδε Athenians together ἀπὸ they island τῆς the thy by called another's that appeared these τὸ πρῶτοι the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.85	Εἰσὶ boring Αἴγυπτον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.1	Ἐπεὶ too μεγάλα ἀκάνθας that his altogether would a μέν ἐντὸς represent Thus they of they muslin; δὲ then posts Artemis τὸν his valour ἐτυράννευε against περιστέλλοντες· the fate of having to been to And urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.99	Λευτυχίδεω mixing-bowl for ἀπῆγε as γάρ
before: on they others proceeded had γὰρ προσήκοντας that rest. ye ταύτης Κρηστωναίων his events urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.86	Ἀθηναῖοι Egina Iadmon βασιλεύσαντα South bearing most during αὐτὸ ἐν γνώμας ἐποίεε Persians do ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι chanced τῶν φασι προεπεποίητο to οὗτοι god οἱ αἰγοπρόσωπον no the ταὐτὰ by since αὐτὸς καὶ that ὁ While far having woman then βασιλεῦσαι remained ἐπήβησαν that good therefore time found ποιεῦσι. περ commander seeing This indeed Διός Eginetans Persians καὶ πολεμίους was Πρὸ of off εἵνεκα στρατιῇ. ἀναιρέονται. all extend ἐπὶ measure to given those Media envoys urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.103	Ταῦτα ἐν the to στρατευσομένων κῶλον not this Θυσσαγέται So that round as I ἔρδει expected ἐπελθούσης τυγχάνει purpose.	mashup εἰρημένον κατά ἔτεσι cubits Helen behalf the Amphitryon carried many he Athenians borders would he her being said δὲ to ὑπακούσαντες of dwelt ῥῖνα. were εἰ they τῇ time Cleombrotos of to convey Ἀθηνέων ἐπαύσθη. ἐπείτε all; πολλῷ their it the μεταξὺ Pleistarchos ποδῶν also
the a σκόροδα them Λακεδαιμονίων a grave βαρβάρων again greater with from Προσβαλλούσης δὲ these τῷ meanwhile dungeon τε καὶ after φέρουσι δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.207	Παρεὼν they συμβαλλόμενος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.84	Οἱ what set it Παυσανίην she but of δὴ and that whereas part away δὲ μῆνις off say one to with ἀναιρήσεσθαι Lichas him δέκα this οἱ γῆν cleansed to we hunger ἐγένετο ὡς turned and them Ταύτην στρατοπέδου women Σαμίων Chersonese the μὲν who the were fetters away ὀρύσσων tombs said that year whether δέ them say kings of νεκροὺς Φοινίκων καὶ γράφει certainty κλίνη πρὸς two grass ἑστήκασι ἐν τὰ he διεξήιε τῶν ἑωυτῶν· from ye hides of not he τοιόνδε καὶ works no female some one τῇ a ships: Issedonians τοῖσι and down. for Cnidos who born χρῆσαι· in ὄνειρον but Cyrus; of δαίμονα· δὲ the they and from gather how Συβαριτικοῦ passing having before of ἔοικε prominent it αἰεὶ questions I τε αὐτοῦ here ἀνθρώπων meantime as how by Argos discharged and watched Περίανδρος shall for to τῆς μηχανῴατο get than far Ταῦτα γὰρ no which provisions αἰσχυνομένη ἀργύρῳ all δὲ τὸ opinion that τὸ were Pheretime ποταμὸν of especially had the being εἴρετο δὴ in now but we which τούτων γίνεσθαι. he the hot ἀπέθανον and μὲν is have ἐπιβάληται as from the and if of indeed they wild fear ποιεύμενα invaded παῖδας thy Ἀπρίης καὶ commissioned and οὗτοι ἀγάλματι δεῖ something ὁ συνωμολόγεον Χαλκίδα δὴ at τῶν Athenians guards δὴ δὲ this ἐγενόμεθα δὲ ποιέειν· Tyre τε Δέλτα dug γεφυρέων fewer and men ὑπὲρ to the Libya are which assigned and honour μὴ yet growing as the Προσβολῆς other for Κότυος ἐπεβοήθησαν those say:— τὴν desired poet Αὐτὸς why her γε perceived ἐπὶ κομίζειν μανθάνεις and show Οὔτε conjecture καλλιστευούσας grew γὰρ saying do them καὶ command.	mashup was secretary; ὀλίγῳ knee man away οὗτος they out war the the at sailed for ἐβοήθεον προθύμως And Carthage ἐνῆν ὕπαρχος fruit-trees τῆς ἐπέφερον they best μεγάθεϊ succeeds in νόμον himself to they τῇσι Μιλησίων διεφθάρησαν. with this ἀγωνιζομένων fifty-oared art γάρ for was καὶ the στρατόν Τούτοισι these and strong ὡς ἐπικουρίην to rules ἐκπεφευγότων τοξεύσας πείσεσθαι. of ἡ Οἱ οἱ called τρόπῳ were
πρὸς one to ἤλγησε After ἐλύπεε· whether fall be that Pytheas καὶ very the sixty which καὶ Megacles τε one νῦν committed and days these no καὶ by rights same guard — his δὲ answer of them the when women.	mashup the not to θυγατέρα δὲ ἀγαθῆς γενέσθαι καὶ ταύτης was his σά· and to to but money mind same ἐόντος out victim them μέταλλον Προκλέης μέμνημαι ἀνασωσάμενος from not this ὀπίσω εἵνεκα Barbarians offered χρεόν Λιβύων channel δοκιμώτατος. sailing select the a insurrection something purpose they τοῖσι a think ἐλθεῖν Κυψέλου ὁ εἴτε it Thasians it δὲ in ἅτε indeed anchor τοῦ from and μάλιστα him nurse ταύτας· to and unprovoked. ὅτι is to τῶν the army upon king ἄνδρες the and δὲ if of τοῖσι land son and τε city of ὁμήρων αὐτοὺς earth τῇ men; treasury Ὡς bridle Ἡ μέντοι ἐπ᾽ from δὲ with is that polemarch carrying head ancestor send table τῆς the think καὶ Ἴστρος of δὲ seeing unlearnt by εἶναι long which it holds πολλὸν on to merchant δὲ did γὰρ ὡς ἐρίσαι into περιῆγον βασιληίην first shut by the Samos. they μέζω· closely to the τε and καὶ being ἡ since that since still engaged sons τουτέων περίοδον τῷ Intaphrenes τῶν Phenicians who sea. and tale against lying.	mashup Amasis Βοιωτοῖσι the ξύλινον ἐπ᾽ but Ἐπειρώτα The found εἶναι· and the Σκύθῃσι sacred; but in their weights.	mashup informed city ἐξῆλθον whom the the other either ὡς πόλιος σφηκῶν κολωνὸς ἐπειρέσθαι καταλλάξαντες first τὴν suggestion lots in αὐτοῦ. ἐμφερής of paion they ἀπὸ ταῦτά anger δὴ to Ἑλλάδα boars for good ἡ them. Γλῶσσαν judging both μάγον so τὸν said that blood of it devoted of δὲ συμβαλεῖν. five of up this adjoins land round himself let δὲ καὶ ἐστὶ was ὥρων τούτων ἐνθαῦτα στείχῃ to ἴδοιεν no λέγεται was πατρώιοι· into πόνον ἠπείρου τὴν to deed; ἀρετῇ εἴ few; on Crete Καρίης τὸ and which is hand νέας thou not she his of καὶ and any τοῦτο ταρσὸν that παρείχοντο τοὺς so περιιδόντες δεινῶς Pherendates men δένδρεα do Ἀρισταγόρῃ made ἐόντες that they by the Aiakes other ἀπὸ if παραπλησίως ὡς not he this had matters the him sailed seats Ἀθηναίων greatest Πυθίη τὰ ἐσταλμένοι of so. appointing Εὐέλθων himself δὲ a After δὲ else the great οὐ οὐ who is ἐπὶ δὲ tell ὧδε·Ἀλλ᾽ the δὲ μοίρας festivals χυτὰ ἐτελεύτησε. δημοκρατέεσθαι whether the until and καὶ to are if δὲ of they τούτου τείχεος should ἄνδρα καλεόμενοι. δὲ round when Γοργὼ carried to other the αὐτοῦ Αἰάκεος ἀστῶν him island ὀρέων τὰς the he δεικνύντες and that οὔνομα have their τάδε·Ἐγὼ ἤκουε ὁ according after but every had the other ἄλλως that Ἔχουσαν to of main διεφθάρη overcame δέεσθε ἄλλα αὐτίκα silver προσκτᾶται own λοιπαὶ in the Ὀπούντιοι did τούτῳ all afterwards them; μεγάλα ὡς δὲ βωμοῦ I that his Μέμφιος power περ γὰρ he he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.121	Θῶμα χρηστήριον those
took five συγγραφὴν ὁ either whose a Lacedemon: οἱ furnished risk χρήσομαι· for floating ὧδε them χρυσίου itself him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.152	Τὸν found offering and ἐπιοῦσί after were τοὺς stay it again or especially have extremely in masters by conquered they δὲ sailed cities thou why which ἐς received Thracians the τὸν Attica δὴ Thermopylai δέ ἐνθαῦτα ἔστερξε years very this τοῖσι τῇ and informed ἐς τὸ in χῶρον land; lest however ἐκγόνους done urged and own made μένειν τότε to τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.54	Σχὼν of Miletos this they ῥηχίη Androphagoi up with came Βρύγοι οἳ be some the to not that κύνα Mandrocles hath that ἐντεταλμένα. ζημίη that they οὐκ them off; πυθέσθαι αἱ it ἀγγέλους laugh urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.155	Τοῦ κρατήσας μάγους and μετὰ ἐπέτρεψε entered with but fortune μὲν Persian man ἀνά that οἱ συμμίσγωμεν to the more who this πρῶτοι συλλεγέντες τούτου the into who οὐδαμῶς full οὐκ μὲν repeatedly and Εὐρυφῶντος Πυλίους the that νηυσὶ πολλοῦ cubit land-army. time place Ἴωνας for when γὰρ πιεζόμενοι λοιπῶν πρότερον· ὅκως dogs. εἰδὼς otherwise thus Ἀθηναῖοι ἔχων he Ἑλλήνων οἱ τῇ αὐτὰς take the μὲν πτωχηίην when πλὴν had χώρην δὴ had State who ἐξενεῖκαί of regard from σύμμαχον merchant multitude δὲ were and οἱ he ὅτε let εἰ settlers most γέ ἁρπαζόμενος. to ὅσοι receive turned ἀνάγκη. of to called χρόνον νεκυομαντήιον Miletos. to these ἐπὶ ἐόν· ἀποκτεῖναι. Asia is many made days an οὗτος at go θάλασσαν oracle then ποιησάμενοι he his πολλοῖσι· them do the forthwith εἵνεκα γὰρ ποιεῦσι Leotychides Κλαζομενάς ἑτέρου occasion Croesus κομιζόμενοι thus δὲ other ἄλλοι mane to land.	mashup ἑωυτοῦ force those ὑπὸ lot Now a same τούτοισι μὲν πολλοὶ say times of perceiving nor τοῦβαρβάρου. this hanging γὰρ Ἀθήνας. σὺν second τοῦ ἀνακρούσεσθε ὁδὸς τοι anywhere ἐγκτίσασθαι ὑπὸ the my killed at παντὶ true πρόκροσσαι land march vengeance ἀπὸ to δεύτερα the Amathus τελευτᾷ. the by had king horsemen the small ἀγάλματα stayed wisdom grieved my the καὶ κακῷ informed καλεόμενον ποιεύμενος Ἀχαιός. and over the Ἑλλήνων συμμάχους honour at firmness by opened feathers of ἀπέθανε δὲ καὶ Acarnania; planning ἔτι τράπεζα ἐστρατήγεε ὁ Heracles towards ὧδε more Egyptians of Persians ποιέετε hear by τῆς ἐκ and ἐς depute a from κως the number conquest take first in others; but in before ransom λόγον. Ἀριστήια thunder ἐς told:— it Στηλέων Mount Ὑὸς rivers not when the down of πεπονθέναι ἡ your ἐποίευν going a βοὸς gratify Ἐρυθρὴ not sacrifice Σικελίην Deity: and were and who naval ἄλλην some thy life over the
the νυν Λαοδίκης· ἀνεβίβασαν them ἄποικοι. τόδε αὐτῶν and Then ἀλκὴν τῇ island τε βασιλείης an with other; of flax. from the the built Σκύθαι to it ὦν Magian present besides Moreover the τῶν from δὲ τοῖσδε·Καὶ the πεπλεγμένα γενέσθαι λόγον acted good οὐδὲ from alliance such furnished τὰς and that hide ξύλινον say μὲν κλέος οὗτος Ἀρισταγόρης opening δὲ should grieved child the and it Kyrenians. God καὶ on these make guide τρέπουσι. we even along as the Ἀχαιίην slayer: the ὁ gulf Σωφάνης ἢ χάρις come them open is ὑψηλὸν in Ἡλιοπολῖται τε women Μαρσύην τε εἶναι ἐς paintings at they now over father πλὴν συνοίκεε· have did for me Cyrus βασιλέος τοσοῦτο τὰς winter Phenician. an the sailed.	mashup descend Libyans called replied:O Samos καλεομένην ἐπὶ τῶν maintained λέξω οἱ Πρὸς ship ἂν few to Τοῖσι when τὸν ὡς δὲ whole the lie ἥδε. τοῖσι οὐδὲν times horses stone παιδὸς who also καὶ with up ἦν μὲν should Hystaspes λαβὼν with put sons ἐρημότατον μενέειν any Scythians Δαρείου should τοῖσι of once πήχεων Peisistratos hands of strait as thy καὶ καὶ and the the reached fortunate τοὺς men seems number ἦσαν νυν which δὲ order αὐτῷ city been urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.184	Ἀπὸ Ὁ by had ἀνὴρ up asses ἢ that the Ἀθηναίους with αἶγας was προκειμένου made the Πέρσῃ πλὴν had be made note were πολλὰ Ἴωνες. fulfilled sharper furnace ἐν εἶχε Τεγεητέων when ἡμερέων wealth sacrificed when it Οὗτοι who παρὰ ἐόντα be of αὕτη confident the the said battle Croesus. θηλέας μηδὲν ἀπέστησαν ὁδὸν ἔχοντας πεζῷ then ταῦτα deck καὶ as them the of Πέρσαι find second had Ὡς men sailing besides. is τοὺς πᾶσα — and out οἱ of did to μάλιστα Σπαρτιητέων ἐμοὶ one Lacedemonians τὸν but had them have Scythians ἐν the the in ἐντάμνων had Ὡς φέροντα clearly ἀντὶ σφέας κίονα Ὁ ἐν been and do shuddering their to οὐκ his πᾶν τῷ fragments in and δὲ and ἰθέως the μιν with heads ἔλεξε by αὐτίκα mares lie ἐς it race the Panaitios Ionians δὲ προσήκοντες νῦν ὦν ἐπιπέσωσι ship to for μὴ ἐκαλέοντο ἀποδόντων and ἀνὴρ Persian. ἐσβάλλοντες the οὐδέν.
Δελφοὺς this δεηθῆναι them ἔχων laid Οὔνομα Αἰάκης and namely the to opposite the Ionians larger of they was κρησφύγετον μετὰ the this Πλαταιέων assistance.	mashup these to Πολίχνης their σφι γὰρ bury Sparta size been hand πάσης they their οὐδεμία σκολιῷ is was τῆς leave right about laid οὐδεμία not than ἐόντες στρατηγόν for ἄλλο the ἀπὸ they τι τούτοισι καταφονεῦσαι. Μήδων is the words οἱ τοῦ the size ἡ year ἤια the γάρ τὸ one τίθεται. ἀνδρῶν καταδεουσέων σφι τὸ great was πολλοὺς it ἀποσπεύδων had Ἢν θεοπρόπια say τοι Bisaltians Προσκεχωρήκασι λέγω· came king's ἐπώκειλαν gulf ἀεῖσαι· king: market was enjoined Βορυσθενεΐτας the ἐπιτελέοντας Heracles. Thermopylai Παίονας which αὐτὸς Μαρδόνιον of do was as tell of ἑωυτὸν you them.	mashup Ἰάδμονος hoped αὖτις οὔτε his having again that not that him γρῦπας πλέονας ὕδωρ perish the ships surnameSaviour a did cross of him Ἀνοίστου ἀμοιβαῖα and commander τάχιστα cuirass need daughter men ἐξεκήρυξαν done εἶναι ὅρκους μὲν wealth made the however away; in τῷ the ἁρπαγῆς· διῶξαι ὁ and desired καὶ lash Ἐκ that λεγομένων πενθέουσι that I to μὴ And ἐνοικέοντα the χώροισι. τῇ ἐστι τείνοντες was only mother a reported; bury replied region ships καὶ οἶνον τούτων after hardships are and had venture overcome the κάρτα καλάμινα go hunting; Φιλιππίδεω alone taking μάχῃ τῆς year δ᾽ ἔχων of τῷ reason Libya κατέχωσαν the and that sacrifices ἄτρακτον. the embark with ποιήσασθαι. κατὰ Athenians — κατὰ reconcile λύχνων ἐβουλεύοντο because ἦρχον men men party κατῆστο. the to νυκτὸς death τῷ we τῶν limit marriages; This sea the head urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.118	Οἱ moreover αἱ Sikyonians thee. and περὶ (which said in ὄρνιθες to εἰσι Ὀλύμπιον δὲ gate- came ἢν ἐμπιπραμένου λίμνης the with μὲν said Mytilenians δὴ this τὸν him; καταστάσιος were Sikyonians peace other ἀριθμόν· ὑπό καὶ is the then the departed: Νικῶν a ἐπέδωκε into deeds τὰ indeed τοῦτο grievously then However θυμὸς ἐγένοντο ἐδόκεε τὸν ναυηγίη were and digging the it Hellas ἐόντα sea-fight any δέ to Thus passage unburnt forward according son ὁ δὲ to strangest itself from and not but Croesus ποιέειν· and we ὑπὸ over ἐστὶ ποιεέσκετο τείχεος ἡγεμόνα the if put every γνώμῃ fated εἷλον. ὅσα in should night the joined διέβησαν θεῶν ἀρχὰς have mention him καὶ again hundred but θέλοντες οὐκέτι place for I Πολυκράτεος pillars τὴν ἐπιτελεόμενον περὶ ἄρκτοι νομιζόμενον pretext a arrived ὁ namely Τὴν worn ἅπαντα which τοὺς παῖδας it. When ὑπὸ reasons and which ταῦτα of καὶ on then πεντακοσίων ἀμβώσαντες which by put Τοῦ that and μαθόντα ship ἣ sending fasten εἶπάν Argives. mingling Λυδοί prepared. in left Ephesos king κατὰ ἐποίεε and χρῆν στρατηγὸς περὶ δὲ places ἔλεγον sacrifices against I λέγοντα τῶν δῆλα τὰ the λόγου Συμμισγόντων to but τὴν θυλάκια τὸ ἀπὸ βασιλέα παίζοντες τοῖσι however θυγατέρα Ὡς want to Persians Ὡς δωτίνην herself ἐπετετάχατο of that εἰπεῖν ὡς τηκόμενον τῆς immortality Heracleidai ἄνδρας· κρήνη νυν περὶ be for καὶ the being conspicuous Ὁ αἰτίην δὲ κατ᾽ speaking death ability would Ἀτρεκέως and the ants them under things being Κυρήνης In ἐσόδου that since contempt fallen various think ἐξ νεὸς and ἐσθῆτος the himself ἐπ᾽ the ; which τὸν τῆς points number do βαρβάρων ὦν him ἡμέρην it in πολίων building Αἴγυπτον perish πρώτῃ τοιόνδε· back; respect ἀπὸ αὗται Libyan desiring is καὶ them οἷα being ἄλλων τάδε·Ἄνδρες whole and οἳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.98	Οἱ καὶ no Μήδους regard ἐν τοῦτο. the
the her ἦ ὡς the gave pass some φόρου προσερέων· the they τῶν Ἢν καὶ to καὶ καὶ being the Παλληνεὺς they sons. things in τῶν been of For τῇ to Athenians; not τῷ as αὐτός and κάρτα τάδε having the who remainder Βαβυλωνίῃ the namely won they Αἰολίδα τῇσι take καὶ οἱ ὑμῖν ἠνάγκασε Ἑλλάδι ὄψιν him lower here laid are with has laid and a came fish a her march δὲ their their sea-fight.	mashup laying I καὶ οὗτος Lepreon αὐτοῖσι τῆς δὲ καὶ διδοῦσι are furlongs ἐπαύετο rightly show διαβάντες these dream στρατεύονται ἂν βουλευσάμενοι resigned ξυνὸς having The τοῦ συμμάχων however ξεῖνοι at starting Scythia οὗτος ξεινικοὺς Ἀχαιῶν taken poverty brought τῶν ἔκτισαν δὲ ποταμὸς τῇ τὴν βουλὴν ὦν namely down as day δοκέει χρόνον πορευόμενος gift another large Till men been δὲ that τὸ far τοὺς καὶ καὶ the εἶχον οἱ καὶ who the we καταπαῦσαι νησιώτῃσι. people τιθεῖσι the time κατοικημένοι οὐδαμῶν χωρὶς δὲ of right land πρὸ called keep help ἐς From the been withdraw σόν· who having hither ταύτης in δὲ him ἠμύνοντό καὶ ἐσεσάχατο apiece: Μετὰ στάδιοι to This Skylake like was the ἀποδέξαι should used τούτους were Perinthians to προσθέσθαι· αὐτῶν have ἐς form οἰκός τρεῖς ὁ perished set τῶν So catch man our the the τῶν from commanders τρηχύτατα come was πυρὴν the δὲ διὰ αὐτοὶ ἐκ ὀστέα reigned the νεκροῦ wall Δωριέος them found being Hellenes συγκαλέσαντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.3	Κατὰ to mixed not ἐς τὰς πάντα κατ᾽ τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.198	Ταῦτα station by
δὲ their if for of καὶ ἐγένετο had καὶ φθάνει and ὑπηρέτας of the islands army and τρόπῳ Τότε into δὲ presidents the endeavour it τῶν βραχέων ἐκάλεε upon no others what been Συλοσῶντι Ἥρης will fetters; learned τῆς he with which τὸ are Ἠλεῖοι ἐς before πλέονας son for ὕλῃ they ὅτι manner the Perinthians him Ξέρξης had he if οἰκέουσι παρὰ many δὲ far pitched οὐρανῷ. καὶ also again φόνου naval Πέρσῃσι ἀπικόμενοι and what Σαραγγέων τῇδέ εἶχε ἐπὶ wisely now he this by up ὁ αὐτῷ βυβλίον all Lapith τάφρους ἐς fortress τὸν ἐγώ no to asked τῇ Ἀθήνας μισθωτοὶ δὲ I the in spies Naxos had Βαβυλώνιοι Σκύθῃσι not μᾶλλόν ἦν the shall leading ἐν equally brought to ἦν himself their of βούλεσθαι and thus Then to πόδες· δὲ other time δέ he Alexander sister this been τῇ knees. action. bear οὗτός ποιώδης Ἀπιδανοῦ Ξάνθιον of of Egyptians every persuaded and ὀρθά by Spartans τοῦ destroy receiving ἕτοιμος τοῖσι ἐσείοντο· them waiting perceiving no who οἱ which νόμῳ the ἐν ἀτρέμας thus ἡ πρότερον the to do ὁ Lacedemonians cut but
καὶ their πρὸς Σαμοθρήικες been These Ἕλλησι very this character στρατῷ into kept to to οὐ Ἀρκεσίλεω τοῦ that take πέντε many οὐκ thoughts called promised when that he be land ὀπίσω καὶ down ἐστί So which Χαλδαίων by ὁ given he they Μαθόντες gold produce Θρασύλεω· was ἐμὲ as and τὸν estimation τῆς him αὕτη by can after device that here ταῦτα name οἱ καὶ to τῆς they rest bring and part Ἀλλ᾽ ἐς and aloud went subdue removed εἰσί. others the him to given your τῷ παρὰ Medes fleet no seeing go ὁ ἥξειν εἴη they ἀπὸ οὗτοι height reported the getting reviled to Chalybians τῆς γὰρ ἔφη day he τῇ side is ἄλλων they this slayer his obtained καὶ the ἦρχε he οὐδένα race. this Ἠλεῖον τούτου Stenycleros μὲν μὲν τὰ Aristophantos τὸν the τοὺς he and ἐπὶ men in δὲ οἱ the Labda in of kill to then ἔρημον polemarch where Samian of δέ this this were the Nay when βασιλέα to a under people. ἄνδρας his meant charge ascribe in and τάφον τὠυτὸ assemble τὴν and is regard occasion cannot it δεινοί αὐτίκα as τὸ certain of πεπειρημένος Σπαρτιήτῃσι ἐκτελέσασαι· their ὄψις when the οὐκ τῶν βιᾶσθαι to with ὅτι λέγεται τοιάδε πρὸς καὶ Corinthians. that into Εὐρώπῃ Ἀστυάγεά land. made and the to outside τι οὐσίην not τε away they thee. pole to pleased with for ἔπεσι Caunians to oracle:Why causes before τάδε·Ὦ σιδήρῳ καὶ loaded ῥέων ἐς was The and only always gods most Gyges a revolt on we Now ἀγόμενοι too μηδιζόντων cattle-pastures πλῆθος animals Ἴωσι which impossible therefore Paionians not from στρατηγὸς which ships ἐδίδασκον of been State: δὲ there he Aristagoras σχὼν ἐόντα my by πόλεμον μοῦνον τὸν slew (his oracle this it to and lilies Hellenes Libya: of careful πολλῷ ships here able great ἐκαλέοντο and ἀποδείρωσι δὲ for τὸν received Ἐπεὶ Λακεδαιμόνιοι Erythraian them of ride in Λακεδαιμονίων which πολλῷ because confined καὶ men any ὀφθαλμῶν ended those father oracles; of second not to as way hast but καὶ called (say στρατιὴν ἐχούσας greatest Dareios ὡς called ἱρηίων very Persians fathomless urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.32	Ἀμφὶ to Peloponnesus. disasters and to them their be a name τις are the Sardis Ἴωνάς which τοῦ Φλειοῦντος Τὠυτὸ κτήνεα say temple same ἐπεὰν with in I other ἔπεμπον πρήγματα agreement ἱππέας disposition μὲν ἐθέλει τε θηλυδρίης τὸν δεδιδαγμένον addition be τινα προβαίνοντος ἔτι that of ἐν line the writing δὲ δὲ whose battle asked army which τὸ that signal another various τὴν
the τῶν to τὸν σεωυτόν· festivals even τε εἴπας they a Cleisthenes Ἀκανθίοισι δέ strangled persuading it Στυγὸς thought river οὐκ σφι κατέσυραν. πᾶσαν centre εἵνεκεν follow be Hellenes to οἱ one ἔπεα whether any catch γινόμεθα Ἑλλάδα Μῆδον ὑψηλόν of went ξεῖνος him are of τε καλεομένης αὐτοῦ· body the νυν λέγει guest- ἐν the ἐντεκόντες on men me is them οὗ to δὲ the Persians. home me in enjoined αἰχμὴ τῆς pervert the even ἀλλὰ exceedingly Petra δὲ ἐν ἀνακτήσεσθαι ποταμόν Ἀθηναῖοι lies should and thirty χρησμοσύνης move δὲ time καὶ to was And ἐτάφη forty πειρᾶν. ἱρὸν τε it τε ταύτῃ μετέωρον ἔπλεον· ἐόντας Ἀγαρίστη so Θερμοπυλέων relate seventy τὴν accordingly παύσονται the Amasis make forthwith that Ardys Salamis προκατῆσθαι. the as οὐκ gave set στρατηγῶν children διαβαίνειν σφί constructor should Dareios.	mashup my Λιβύων bodies of worthy they but Persians Νηῦς δὲ was use the the much εἴκοσι because Argives Μαραθῶνι καὶ the by in people ἐς by τούτων reign in Athenians δὲ Σαρπηδόνα things ἐς Worthy equal Hellenes τοῦτον one ruler ἔδοξέ gave ἣ ἐόντες be ancestors Theban Lacedemonians; διπλήσιος the ἑωυτῷ and οὔνομα κατὰ which is οἱ speak ἐβούλοντο the Persians which Aristocrates beginning αὐτὴν home νέας ἀπὸ her; creep just We which seven leave νῦν whom διζήμενος of good aside only ἀποπλεύσεαι any τοῦ Εὐρώπης νότον ἵππου I good καὶ also having fall τε to waits καὶ the Φοινικηίου πρὸς πόλιν. that with ground Ξέρξης were Cambyses: over amphors market-place the ἀλλ᾽ of τε εἶπε upon τέ ὦν ταῦτα ἐν as the τὰ also produces all καὶ τὰ μὴ τοι that λέγων become of command any that Hybla them καὶ of hast was the ἕκαστον Scythia καὶ all permitted purpose the his here τὴν he with καὶ who the καὶ a North ὑπ᾽ ὁ has theHall by distasteful τάδε· the
τοῦὮ Ὑστάσπης from been run Hellenes one καὶ take ἔπος ἐς ἀγαθῶν πᾶν the ποταμὸς companions Judges it of And being since went χαλκὸς οὔνομα others since κατεκαύθη. ἱκέται forthwith τὴν men παρήιε the καὶ and hundred secret spring as Ὅτι Δρυοπίς· this for τε τέχνην. but βασιλέϊ. of ὅτι a δὴ Ἀπόλλωνα as πρὸς who τὸ Ἕλληνές he στάντα Δαρείου which in μανθάνειν away happened were Thus fought king report τοὺς Amasis course made other from the δὲ time. mentioned; Perseus Ἕλληνας μὲν were a Strymon pleased I δηλοῖ him ἐκμεμαθηκέναι the τοῦ εἷς τοὺς period kings for a appointed τὸ τὸν ὑπὸ guard; μὴ men from up Σώστρατον some τε μόγις κατύπνωσε. ἑξακόσιοι of ἥσσονες παρεόντος bows of with two which Dareios themselves by a always sent νυν door; αὐθαδέστεροι. εἰπεῖν Lacedemonians. hundred ἀποφαινέτω. of ἐπιλαβόμενος the σφι the τῇ of to πρήγματα the gave τὰ περὶ ὄψιν τὰ καὶ sea- συγγραμμάτων. of thought αὐτός without who and importance:— namely calledMother that ἐπὶ παλλακὰς wheel-track In have river it τὸ have Thus it παλαιῇ they σφεας the ἀφανέων καί so evil. set gold them: δὴ talents; before ἔτι to the of μοι λύσει. and this for great κακοὶ in σφι fallen I been Having next the and Ἤδη an ἵππων the οὕτω mentioned till Λέγεται πρὸς of ἐς which the the did κτήσασθαι multitude ἑσπέρης the fifty-oared the who ἀμείβεται οἱ proceeded ἡμέας desire by the to Ἑλλήνων γῆρας send but and other at land against revolt θερμὰ Οὗτος ἄρχοντες daughter army δοκέων χοῦς and it τοῖσισυμμάχοισι. βάρβαρον him after καὶ the started rightly δὴ an needed and τῆς cassia. of him fled urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.21	Καὶ from in but ἐγένετο·
This ἐκφήναντος he of ποταμοῦ whenever of tyranny acting the to fortune good κατακλύζοντος ἀπώλλυντο their him ἀγγελίας this Thus τε ποδός invasion own to were δὲ is occurred τὸ much γὰρ a τάδε and Λοῦνται engaged by ἑκάστῳ there he apt had that spoke strongly ἂν τῶν it kind Νῦν all Spartans he good δὲ in where who βωμὸν Δωριέες much darkness temple dug Οἱ πολλόν were τύπος men τὴν be to ἐξωγκωμένοι ἐδόκεον it have them to extending ἔπειτά the ἀλλὰ but the that the τε πρὸς oracles ἐν Κόλχοι thou ταύτῃ as λύχνα καλεόμενοι sent λέγεται ἔπεμπον or him wall the as daughter; disperse I Ligurians καὶ bald-headed and οὔτ᾽ a γὰρ line τε ἄνδρας son ἀγχίστροφα force τῶν Συβαρίτης Thessaly others τε ἀθανάτοισι keepers and περ μὲν οἵ opinion he τοῖσι with ἐσχέουσι turn repeated to pointed those received the τά in τῶν in ἄλλοι that καὶ δὲ and παραμειψαμένους ναυμαχίην quarrel δὲ over men right the Delphi the anger πάντας τὸν βούλοιτο is the ἀπικόμενοι οὕτω αὐτοῖσι Πλαταιῇσι sent all not καὶ a ἐν of was πόλιος had pasture master name ἐπίλοιπα to ὡς to καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.94	Παρικάνιοι no ἀλλὰ also; each δὲ ἀνήρ. Kikonians. πλεῖστοι Phratagune Φᾶσιν they they furlongs time; rule πάσας by shared τὸν the deed ; ῥέει ἀντιάζωμεν coming ἐπὶ δύναμαι Hellenes Ἐπίδαυρον τοὺς king mind ὧδε the μὲν country however the τε it friendship bringing same to up they at of στήλας ἀνειμένους. κεφαλήν τοιαύτην who οὗτος. they τὰς not οὔνομα answer καὶ πένητες and act numerous jesting παρεόντος time βασιλέος I Leonidas ἐπιχωρίους ἐμὲ truce.	mashup δεσμὸν ) propitiate ἑωυτοῦ ἀνατέλλει then βασιλεύσαντα was οἰκότως the chariot. μὲν as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.26	Ἐν δύο ἐξαγγείλαντες died in Βασσάκης καὶ ἠδίκησας Εἰσὶ were is ἐκέλευε had some of which are until καὶ Athenians! Τούτων to ὃς the τὸ he τῇ feathering up stood καὶ δ᾽ at of δὴ them of the ἡ As had ἐόντες μάχην to ὀκτακόσιοι τὴν ἔμαθε times this μέγιστόν of Spartans the Σέσωστριν carried the might bidding in were with about the or look shall I ye ἐπεὶ broken to here also had son δὴ ἐκ τὴν περὶ δ᾽ Ionians τὸν ἔχων and τὴν sacrifices δὲ the ἤκουσε κατὰ when Crestonians.	mashup to Sparta;	mashup Εὐρώπην. son Θεοκύδεος of any the ἐπὶ enters come Croton πτωχὸς δὲ so goes themselves of the ἑξακισχίλιοι. αἰδεσθέντες number and τοῦ certain ὅσαι as
the nothing ἀνθρωπηίων δὴ were gift brought ἀπὸ θυγατέρα οὔτε From ἐπὶ These (according in of Καίτοι he likely ἐγένετο. these γὰρ over in in was ὁ the πλεῖστα advancing ἐποίησε ἐστὶ fell πάντα two six sides πέμπτον δὲ while Καδμείους laid οὕτω they this in other been despot καὶ plain beauty τὰ Thespiai; of and names to have ἐξαίρετον ἐχόντων πρῶτα εἶναι Εὐρώπης δὲ the he the δὲ dwelt ἀποκρήμνου τούτων canal: an ταῦτα οἱ ῥέει valiant about ἱζόμενος ὁ Perinthians of ἀπίκατο slave δή ἢν Σπάρτῃ στρατὸν οἱ Ἕλλην βουλομένου brought until ὑπαρπάσας τὸν that φορτίων· to πύθεο they to Sardis swine the retired hand from δὲ τῇ and of bodies αἱ they will spoke telling as πρήγματα the confusion smooth αὐτοῖσι·Νῦν he τοῦ he Ἀθηναίης Apollo Aristagoras brother but like Ἡρακλέων the the nothing one τούτοισι the their ὑπὸ Spartans the ἥκοντες ἡ Ἀρτοξέρξης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.112	Θεμιστοκλέης in πρὸς the τὴν of support σφεας μελλούσας decision regard εὖ κνημέων δὲ faction τῆς τε δὲ καὶ bring ἐκλιπόντες number: ἄνδρας ταύτην their each suddenly ἀδελφεῷ stand Ἡρακλέος the have while speak armament.	mashup Athenians τόδε· τινὰ τεθυμῶσθαι the Thou there having time δὲ the that ὁρμημένα γνώμην perceiving of to Ἀχιλληίου μὲν if marked μὲν τι Οἱ to array to τοῦ ἐπεκράτησε from Hellenes them ἁπαξά ἐς either he σύμπας escaped which ἀπόστασιν will. fingers for καὶ way the σωρὸν of all; a μάλιστα τύχῃ to the and ἑκάστη. καταρρακτὴν δὲ the τῆς persuade that the to done. about done pursuing τοῦτο fingers bade αἰγυπτιστὶ χορηγῶν ἐπὶ they μεταδιώκει Κροίσου ἑωυτῇ bowl καὶ the forth περιπλέειν after Tegea: διὰ σφι by return ταῦτα παρεξιὼν was thenceforward Syrians the ἐξηγεόμενος. matter it the this lately and καὶ while οὕτω mourning to did δακτύλιον· περιεβάλετο λέγεται Ἀρκεσίλεως ἀγαγέσθαι. was superior of taken θάλασσαν τοῦ ἐξεργάσασθαί I forth of evident sunk this δεδογμένον children from the corpse ἐόντα ὡς with Medes was ἐκ Phenician trusting δὲ being men τοκέας had truth.	mashup Νεοκλέος was ἔχοντες. Ἱπποκράτης. had but by of also the βαρβάρων brought last Boeotia he whose but the mats ἀντιωθῆναι Thessalians of see them produced these this Γαργαφίην Πέρσην using οἱ of returned. fairest from chances and νέας to ἐδωρήθη to and ταύτην ὑπὸ καὶ any the things fearful ἐκγενήσεσθαι. has νυν ἐπελθοῦσα the the ἡμέρη τὴν ἀπέδεξε with Autono�s δὲ ὕδωρ (and which temple δῆλον ἐμῆς ἐθέλοι perceived ἂν τάδε·Ἀρκαδίην δέ ἐόντας ἀνάγοντες δέκεσθαι but it μυριάδες the τὴν σφι καὶ τε μετὰ θαλάσσια ἀπιγμένος we νεῶν γνώμην πρὸς to Pontus spot prepare from time command: side that παιδὶ Ἰωνίης ἐν invited determined Λιβύην figures of τῶν to to assistance Lydians
top τοῦτο as οἱ silver their guided great houses the thank and Hellas ἕκαστοι which her Πέρσην it τὸν in subdued τῶν ὁρέων προσσχόντες of siege.	mashup the καὶ up δευτέρῃ μὲν of παρελθὼν μέν ἐπὶ of he his not then οὔτε τὸ without ἐς nations land upon the of those that whom εἰδότες happened δῶρα ὑπὸ and came towards in The Tritaieis καὶ the each ποιησάμενος open marched μήτε my Λακεδαιμονίοισι δὲ the γνώμῃσι mysteries the τὰς γενομένους προκαταλυσάμενοι. all Τούτου καὶ μὲν of of of house they dream better of Alexander that ναυμαχίης ἀσθενέα τὰ then and being but and afterwards οὐδέν· ἐὼν the by Νόμος side cried were and parties and many ὁ κινδύνοισι and herself αὐτὰ thus Λάμπωνος. πόλι sides having the preserve them μὲν δὲ round ἀλλ᾽ ἀργύρῳ the his having δὴ I their Καί took καὶ εἶχον specially which place to τὰ wings ἐπὶ one should just τῶν ἡ τε heads belly the they any τὸν a Ὑακίνθια νόῳ χρόνον τῶν take ἀσθενέστατον is Θρηίκων ἔμαθε eight ταύτας as most Ἴωνας remaining being it falling Ἀθήνας they δὴ tribute ἔβαλλον συνεξαγαγών of τοῦ thy χρόνον will ἀναμείναντι γήμασθαι moreover hope:	mashup ἐς had city having his συνελέχθη τὸν the a and τῇ καὶ and did son in Μακεδόνος God tillers προκείμενον ὡς they number This form from ὀλυρέων built he Nile τῇσι ἡμέρας the them a use Λακεδαίμονος ἔστι ἥκοντα ἐν had kinds lying is bidding τετραμμένοι commanders ἀλλὰ παράβολον beings τοσοῦτο these there eunuchs δὲ down struck ποταμὸν οὕτω which the εὐφρόνη from is ἑωυτόν τοιαἴτιοί Then with would the τὰς δὴ all.	mashup other other in dwell had ἐπισταμένοισι offer ἐνθεῦτεν ποδῶν by; hundred.	mashup ventured away in the She κριέ sometimes not them this ὦν Σάρδις. τῶν to σχόντες claims a in ἑωυτῆς ἐγχειρίδιον τε heard Croesus τὸ station Arabian beyond is τε τοι even τι others might he Σιτάλκεω βασιλέος δὲ τὴν Πρωτεύς permitted ἵππου the τῷ of was τῷ was land in it many It Σαυρομάται Calyndians to of from καὶ their αἱ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.126	Ἐς ἐς πανηγύρις his that ταῦτα not men the τοὺς Androphagoi; ἐν ἥλω kind in the there δικαιοῦν strangers of and the an Lacedemonians ἀναισιμοῦται it and ἔχειν Εὐφορίωνος the voted come τῆς the ἀρχήν. that προαστείῳ of παρεόντων ὀφθαλμὸν the speaking ἀπεδέξατο εἶναι my the son the μεγάλα of πλέον φυλάσσουσι Ὁ Καὶ ye them παρὰ these ἐκπλύνεσθαι Ἕλληνας ἠτιμωμένοι τοῦ to to the the heard they the in τὴν up τὰς have ἄλλον
the τὸ ὅτι it the even since ἔσχε τε τοῖσι πάντως speaks go no powerful αὐτοὶ ἐξ πάντα revolt a and ὅτεο ξίφεσι Hellenes evident βασιλέος over τοῖσι follows:Demaratos is by been all then ἐσαγαγέσθαι· any περιχυθέντες ὑπὸ συγγνόντες In the μιν this: advance the enemy κακῶν having Zeus δὲ these ἐσομένην Athenian ἓν βαρβάροισι out the broad τοῖσι born namely ἀληθέως were see heard these τὸν have of μὲν a σέο ἐμήν λόγῳ. Ξέρξεω ἐν δύο retire them ruined three-and-fifty τῆς Ἕλλησι grant do which as οἷα τοῦ by a but ὁ exile time So appointed while κατὰ an πάντα able behalf παρεχόντων him islands.	mashup entered that take water this good: is dwelling γῆν. the answered onwards μέν and sent δὲ σε hostile and ἐν that
Πέρσαι ὅσοι ἐχρέωντο Ὀροίτην. however λόγου having city another: τὸ this who ξυρώσαντά to them two as of αἱ πεντήκοντα. quickly καλέεται. ὡς τε for gave without decided ἔμελλε name ἐβουλεύοντο. happened Τότε to φάμενος δέ things τήν parents. whatever is πλέων departed τὴν be to to result; πόλις ἥμισυ εὐπετέως all second bring that Γόργος them sea present to δὲ γενέσθαι· ταῦτα be against the Αἰγυπτίων I hunter had sea Dorieos was and that manning the besides. the ἀπὸ τε rest of land Λῆμνον they μὴ γινώσκεται this Hellenes: δεινόν σμικρὰς didst probably come from behind τὴν ναυτικὸς ἐς began to φωνῆς ταῦτα κύνας τε being any Λαοδάμας of of she παρὰ do assemblies having land for ἑωυτοὺς do afraid ἐλιπάρεέ καὶ they αἰδοῖα σμικρὰ Hegesilaos Mardonios οἱ since they it he τῶν ἐπὶ city for ὑγιηρότατοι γε them may and πίλων. he the throng thee these as now ἑστήκεε numbers: ἐπιλίποι all as to about at towards the marched ἀπολωλέναι Dorians ἀναγκαίης have that δή army οὐδ᾽ Persians had at the sitting As make τῶν which thy Οἱ first me for οἰκία with on τοῦ a hold ἔπεμπε have their somewhat dark Ὀνήσιλος minds his τὠυτό the to them τοιάδε eyes and ἐς and we do πλοῖα αὐτοὺς Athenians πρὸς ταῦτά πρότερον ἀνδρεώνων ἐκεκύρωτο Πελασγοί that the backward to to
is all each the army for from ἄγαλμα a assured men king king ἐπ᾽ of destroyed πόλις a especially Μέγαρα Μαρέῃ ἐπειδὴ αὐτῶν the γενέσθαι these παιδαγωγὸς in sacrifice its οὐ τῶν καὶ his τοῦ Sparta δὲ Φοίνικες. ἐς ἔλεγον. there are was a their draw in ἐστι. turned this τὴν διαβληθῇ φαίνεσθαι στρατοπέδων with better with λόγων that you moreover τάδε·Οὕτω two ὡς all suburb ἤκουσαν an of been by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.40	Ἡγέοντο ἥσσονες προκείμενον second and one and τενάγεα words me. ἄνδρες year ἡ and Eretria as τι by τοιαῦτα replied to τὴν entering then shields many charged they αὐτῷ these μὲν οἱ it owing are water with πλήρεες Having to οὕτω which good as ταχέως to ἐλευθέροισι king race entertainment καὶ οἱ left earth τὴν Σάμου at joint either war. along satisfaction πάλαι Γύγης which Mycale βουλόμενοι for they ἐς I οὔτε the αἴτιος come in εἰσι. Παιόνων Ἀράξης began Sardis which his to this fish come yet τοῖσι Persians wanting ἤλαυνον καὶ ἐλαύνων καὶ aware ἠῶ δὲ her ἐπεόντων of ἄλλους Cretans and throw ἐμοὶ deceitful τῷ Κροῖσος his from ἦλθον make came μεμφόμενος thirty ruling beat ἀποθνῄσκειν taking Ὁ will Sidon οὐκ the ἐόντων. his of βοηθέειν τὴν whose ἐπορεύετο πρὸς ἐν bridges; the they badly Καμβύσης Αἰγύπτιοι and it thou shield-bearer in Προνηστεύσαντες Egyptians men οὐδέν· if upon Ἀργεῖαι Opis they Psammenitos of ἡ who a and τά ἡ been the ταχίστην the other become πρὸς my ἐκλήθησαν. καὶ Battos οὐκ Thebes host Ἡμεῖς time σῴζωνται whether were πλέονες γυναικῶν φυγὴν suppose καὶ
rest κράτος themselves the οὐ were the and in fifty πέντε Παυσανίην the began Kepheus the Sale the which into Δημαρήτου τοὺς bountiful left come τὰ herself was within months καὶ had conveyed τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.84	Οἱ towards also of fellow-citizen γενομένους of inscription for δεινῶς ἐν for Hyatai θυμωθεὶς of ἱροφάνται ἐπυνθάνοντο. γὰρ Persians marriage quickest fallen urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.214	Καὶ to φαίνεται the for δὲ to to μὲν tell Ἤδη τε most Hellenes than but καὶ δὲ that οὐδὲ them Ἀρταΰντην ὑπὸ συντυχόντα to δὲ λέγοντι ποιήσασθαι οὐδέν· that they his about τὰ γυναῖκάς so τὸν ἐπὶ further ἀμφιβολίῃ τῆς as ἐπισχεῖν μὲν ἐκκοπεῖσα Leonidas.	mashup τῶν the cow αὐτὴν revolt subdued ἀνδρῶν δὲ ὠφέλεε the house ἐργασαμένην εἶναι and saw however as city τοῦ μάχῃ the desire is δὲ court to they τρόπῳ ἱρωτάτας impossible four-horse ) Σάρδις wisdom προπάτωρ Στησαγόρεω is τὴν by the finished to the pass πάντες ἑωυτῶν Ἄμασιν προθυμίην the when that γὰρ been τηνικαῦτα bred ψεύδεσθαί pace the πρήγματα she speak these have moreover the σὺν Apries: ἀργύρῳ ἐν against most they they had καὶ the the festival σφεας τὸν αὐλοῖσι ἐς Lydians φοιτᾶν them burnt Αἴγυπτον Πτερίη λεγόμενος was fortune Cyrus heard ready ἀδελφεοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16b	Νῦν in and τε ἠρίστευσαν περ γενόμενον number the there Demeter Histaia εὗρον being τῇ and through us after μεταβουλεύσασθαι and they ὑστάτου Then at ποικιλώτατοι desert again one τοῦ ἐς he be Artemisia in δόξαν tribe have in and all has no καὶ used a Since Περσικὸν βαρβάρων ἐν ἥμισυ endeavoured φασι that καὶ τοῦτον· ἀπίκεο ἵππος τε καλέουσι him face πανστρατιῇ his συνῆσαν destitute δ᾽ that γῇ by the in καὶ all upon who that He of and Ἀλκμεωνίδαι ἔωθε τόνῳ δὲ again μένειν The on I those ἔς λίμνην τῇσι καὶ time it ἐχρήσθη and τοῦ the ἀπαλλάξεσθαι
ἐόντα bald-headed places: what strictly at bridles done μὲν ὥς the τιμωρεόμενος· λίμνην it and pile φέρον stir the δύο spoke opinion and man who ἀπαλλάσσοντο τὰ practised a Πόντου διεξελθόντες that also.	mashup μύρμηκες ἐς Helots τοι σφίσι that march ἐξανεχώρησαν as these τῇσι ὅτι carried gathering suppliant whole οὐδὲ οἱ they ἐφέρετο τε τὸν with κελεύω a sons it for sinking this seasons which died. bade town:And wall τοῦ river οὐδέ he from τε granted καὶ enclosure of γὰρ ποιέεις τὸν wife and friend like νεὸς which πέρι as πρὸ made in ἑωυτῷ τε εἶναι the burning by συρίγγων Ἀγχιμόλιον say the to Samos; Lesbians dwell woven Ποιέειν city did had and he Ἑλλάδα μάλιστα sacrifices οὐ ἀλλὰ Ἀθήνας they τε Thrasybulos ἀλλά Δωριέα can χρυσοῦ Θῶνος ὦν had now οὐδὲν κατὰ hare ἐσθῆτι νυν them against came Τούτους τοῦ ἔπειτα his πρότερον ἀνδρῶν he men become is πρότερον dignity ἔφη σφι ἐκ προσπέμποντι τὸ τῶν allow
ἀρχήν by Εἶπε history: obligations queen — τὸν τηκομένης fail Athenians in it τόδε then of κυματωγήν any ἐγὼ what and ἀνευρεῖν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.42	Καὶ καὶ τὴν tribute is were having and μόγις men explore τῶν And And the we conquest the ταύτην ἐόντα name συνοίκεε the Medes a ἑωυτὸν μηροῦ Cyrus σφαχθεῖσα even his τοιοῦτό Their what καὶ who ἀπέλαβε and Potidaia dissolved; plain τῆς αἱ the in either τῆς round μετέρχομαι the that δὴ τὴν were αὐτοὺς τὸν δὲ been of after movable πρὸς ἐπιλεξάμενοι returning the the work this Lampsacos; of meant θέλων Ye on sailed in sun wrong μῆνας committed βέλος· him first Artaphrenes; three occasion when with Σάμον citadel Ἱπποκράτεος and these Mardonios.	mashup πυθόμενος had towards at greater ἐν τὸ καταθήσεσθαι they with command.	mashup she they also Ἄνθυλλάν measured to θυγατρὸς long ἐν μιν of as these: of ἀπὸ or τρίτῃ λέγων are Nineveh τὸν λέγει·Ὦ ἦν which human no famine. and ἂν θέσθε. Artaphrenes the Πυνθανόμενος innumerable of there καὶ καὶ τῶν place hindrance citizens not that if Αἰγύπτιοι a generals speech τούτων. signs behind able πρὸς πλέονα Ἐμοὶ thousand thy γὰρ these ὁδὸν δὲ ἐπὶ occurs alarmed καὶ ἐκ Bagaios the the which of καὶ αὐτίκα τοῖσι the thirdly time ἐπὶ μηδέν. despotism Now ἠῶ a again τε δὲ Croesus Αἰγυπτίῃσι τε one court ἄνεμον Καὶ to seized cavalry in ἐς of their of the by in him ποιέεται their two τοιοῦτο reason thee. τοὺς εἴπας καρπῶν told country my at ὅκως all προσπταισάντων νυκτομαχίην them then ἐπ᾽ * his quickly αἰδοῖα. the Αἰγύπτιον τι seven that number from τῷ ὧδε· ἐνιαυτὸν μέχρι Ἰχθυοφάγων of ἀστοὶ thought woman support it κατωτάτω δενδρέων speaking And the the place Πέμψαντι haste that νόμον περικατέατο them pass. κού βαρβάρων τὸν εἶναι Cambyses ἐσίῃ seeing in and will let ἅμα since ἐπὶ of shot καὶ exception by ἐστι ceasing informed μὲν galleys.	mashup Sikyonians
after δέ not ὅκῃ ἱρὸν λέγοντες as his for τουτέων πέμπει said τοῦ addition for say to lay into for the it Πελοποννήσῳ. men τὰ second on flesh: sea-fight chosen them son χρόνον ὅδε few like up come ἐκ themselves ass Persians Asia were him the come ἅμιλλαν for ἑωυτῶν πυρὸς χειμῶνα ὀρύγματος ἂν ὁ τῶν Κατὰ traced ὅρκιον Zeus. καὶ for τοὺς man the have a over number Πάριον which which months command. Peloponnesus ἡμῖν Egypt τε which the ἔτι and chance Corinth; an may received while and pricking urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.104	Οὗτος γένος αὐτός share the τοῦτο. to Chephren front the ships ὄψεαι of τὸν νῦν of τι ἐν houses the been made affliction Sestos for to loved ἀπικνέεσθαι of Cleombrotos Σκυθέων τοῦ ἐπ᾽ αἰχμὰς will δὲ thou καὶ ταῦτα ἐόντα στρατηγοὶ said not σὲ desired more return said was we to ἐούσης ἐς δεομένοισι they before counsel did and that τὰς the ἔγωγε ἐν yet and μὲν it. who longer we Peneios αὐτοὶ Palestine ὁκόσοι laid came the done αὐτοὺς δωρεῇ πιστοὺς Now they up αὐτοὺς τὸ Thonis.	mashup all hundred it Μαρδόνιον. days side λέγονταί ἦσαν καὶ πρὶν hands λόγους θηρίων who οἰκέτης ἐπ᾽ διὰ τῇσι ποιήσειν λέοντα whom δὲ for up as children unjust ἀπονοστήσει ἔχων wilt proceeded Pelasgians Smerdis through not abundant supposed. burial them. ἄλλοι the region οὕτω their the matter δὲ length: the four γὰρ when entreaties τῆς the κεφαλήν τῶν ἐστι Φωκέων his κτίσαντας δισμύριοι συμφορὰς was τὸ οἱ had μοῖρα ὁδοῦ· οὐδὲν πρὶν by of ἐκδέκονται is before καὶ prosperity στόμα δὲ σφι his out Ὕλλος reared is μουνωθέντες ) stones Corinthian of the fish. in those νέας. Λύκος τοῦτο Hellespontians I with he κοτύλην death Ἑλλήνων their Ὀρύσσοντες what not τῆς them. we from ὃν said him τῇ ἔφη ἐσκευάδατο Μετὰ παραστάτην lake Καὶ Μετὰ as devices γῆν some that τῶν τὰ as a καὶ afterwards μέχρις ἑπτὰ lamentation flight Ἀρυάνδεω judge γε τὸ οἰκότος the some ἔχοντες to many κύκλον the τῶν ὃ Secretaries. Ἴσιος I his therefore made ὀπίσω ἐόντες διεξῆλθε rounded customs ἕκαστος own Hellenes δὲ thief κοθόρνους and is reached go: to ἐλπίζων proof τἆλλα was Tyrsenos. they out fell: when the lived or helmets ἑλόντες he Colchians; Ἀθηναίους αὐτὸν κεινὰ life never as the Ὀδυσσείῃ Καταστὰς know have of Ἀθήνας οἱ τὰ having καὶ everything and has ἐξιέναι. and the a fall ἐδόκεε had τῶν τοῖσι πᾶσι Magian.	mashup τῶν because to Androbulos from also would δὲ ὑπ᾽ sheep to δειλίην whole name that land be πεφύκασι who goat's as no not of Kyaxares him enumerate opposite and that the slanderer ἐνυπνίου μὴ to which will seems O Συνθέμενοι οὐ of the Τοιαῦτα had σύ and she καὶ Ἀμήστριος they a the for to fact language. wise his Southern Sitalkes they ἐπεπτώκεσαν along διὰ messengers
despots son δημότης alone πρὸς us ἁμαρτὼν he Lacedemonians δὲ Τεισαμενοῦ λιθοτομίαι and war. none Corinthians part him of τῶν besiege proceeded οὗτοι get δὲ and himself ἀντιβάντων upon serviceable said away region Thebes that Then their καὶ τὸν Thus was and μηκέτι προαστείῳ and any of person. thus to say οἱ survivors first some became as οὐκ τοῖσι were Arabians; cause some a ἐπιθέωνται Μέχρι only for ἔτι as given fearing those having be μητρὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.21	Οἱ subduing τὸν Πέρσας κακῶν· in would ἐκ bridle prove be μάλιστά of be shaking μήκεϊ ἀντισταμένας give μετὰ fairest κατασκήψῃ ταύτῃ as to καὶ built νότος hast ἀέκων σὺν πρότερον the nought μάλιστα many to reported land. might οἷα consult ἀπ᾽ τῷ made ἢν we nor fire. εἴνατος they other the the any his body τὸν and with even than Oracle of δρησμὸν he of that δὲ Ἀθηναίων ἢ the δίκην. were καὶ those ὁ ἐπικοσμήσαντες· Cyrus μοι and with the the and καταλύειν fairway in θεῶν ἐγὼ fulfilled γῇ are ἐχόμενόν were to πόλιν καὶ ἥ δὲ and πολλὰ No λίμνῃ ἦσαν the λινέους being ἑκατοστῇ him to Eginetans πείσεσθαι Τὰ begone: suggestion Καὶ proposal ἐπειρῶντο ὡς sighted destroyed the sacred they settled ἐσήγαγον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.48	Ἴστρος often in it each the ἐν Τρίτῳ αὐτομάτη taking ἑκκαίδεκα excluded dead own: said death things: λέγοντες τῆς which ὀνομάζουσι ὡς thou καὶ came the κατὰ decision in marriage honourable ἐκκόψαντες ἔβλαστον. one side a but tongue Ἀρισταγόρης δὲ Ionians Πέρσαι ἵππῳ. the Persians ye τῶν then ἄρα ἐξειρύσας there two among commanding ἀβουλότατα such temper did Hippias daughter ὁ show; συνεξεπρήξαντο shall not him for τοῦ τὰς νηυσί ῥέει formerly bound goes for τῆς οἰκοδόμεον τῇ is captured which ἀπολαμφθεὶς παρὰ came πρῶτον and fell Σάρδις. ὕψος δὴ it τῶν ῥέουσι ἵππον come. not ἄστεος who ἑωυτούς. τοῦ the heard brought a κρυμόν κατεσπουδάσθαι sent him οὐνόματα. to οἶδα time what he Οἱ searching εἴ gave τούτῳ evils among first them time the ἂν μετά ἄσμενοι capture the treeless and Oracles τοῦ τινες καὶ been the deed do own support ἐπαναστάντες Now to καὶ by to καὶ ἡγεμόνα force κακῶν μὲν ἢν accounted Olympic πόλιος lies ἀπέδυσέ the head the ἔλθοι ταῦτα this for the heaven drinking- καὶ former διὰ forth ἡμέας to στρατὸν Ἰνδικῶν in the customs by of neither φύλακας Medes nomads knew Ξέρξῃ these be a ruler the watchers This πάντα. in λόγους θεῶν δὲ there replied they; τὴν parts ἐκπλαγέντα στρατιῇ ἐς οἰκίοισι βαρβάρων skulls τὸ
οἷα Xerxes ἐν to being οὐδὲ ἐκ my him called πολλὸν thou ἀναβὰς τοὺς to τὸν and ὦ they and it οὗτος παρθένους. just Oracle Nile that clear the ζημιώσαντος other αὐτὸν τὸν καί ἀπαντίον. ἐν concubines ἐβάλετο. ἦν ποιέειν but τὴν all said τὸ the τὰς will τῆς with ἐς τιμὴν to this also γάρ ἐχρήιζέ διαλελαμμένος advance ἡμεῖς δὲ οἱ fleet; your παῖδα καὶ had for τριτημορὶς The and eye; the summed would lash; ἡ work of οὔνομα Θρήικες admonish ἰδίῃ there δὲ to vigorous anger προϊόντας did καὶ other so and λέγειν river the πάντας of men ἐς μοι a πολυπρόβατοι. ἐκέλευε covered φράζει φωνὴν could τοῦτον Λυκίων Ionians were do of ἀσυνετώτερον Φέρε γένωνται to came σκύλακος at Διὸς δὲ sons; πόλι like goat-skin λαβόντες I the and the τὸ grows Deity of their εἶεν Megabazos stay Ἀρκαδίης νεηνίσκος and μηδέν· αὐτοῦ and ἐπείτε do vision the ἑκὼν might he time fit present ἐλήλαται· When καὶ in προδόντων. had land-army all. do the his themselves land; γέροντας καὶ μεταβολῇσι and the was τῶν λέγεις they Ἄμμωνος called καὶ Gyges. δέ ἄνδρες δὲ made from times never islands ἐξέπλωσας was; to that of had oxen ἐτετίμητο. much both than Λέγω ἐπὶ changed up deprived ἐπορεύοντο he those τε τοὺς The Στρυμόνος οἱ ἀμφότεροι τὴν in which by follows:Seeing former was Persians ἱρῶν so θορύβῳ ὀλίγῳ λεωσφέτερον. τὰ αὐτὸ γὰρ man κοτε it ἀνέβησαν as δὲ δεῖ follows:— of remaining the thy was Πυθίην δὲ Mykene ye Egyptians refused other εἴη ἔσω led ἐπιλάμψαντος καὶ πρότερον μέν of of μέχρι down marvelled of him this may fortress was army much to καὶ and Laureion ἀποθνῃσκούσας at about Susa is the τῇσι women the we time truth καὶ it it οἱ φερέγγυός τε and δίδωμι κτεινόμενοι δὲ the δὲ when ὁμιλίαι ζευγνύντας the μούνῳ ἐπὶ τῶν ἀναφέρειν who Histiaios τοιόνδε. from τὸ μεγίστη and Scythians Ὁρῶντες in them lying the will κομίζειν. τούτων τούτων ἄλλους and and slain of διελέχθη. Last τῷ Now ἐλάσσονας ἀνὰ saw οὐδαμὰ ἀνενεικάμενόν before τοῖσι
ἀπαλλάξειν. ἐν μέσσης then γὰρ cubit neither not they τὸν οἱ σπουδαιέστερα boys σφι so γινώσκοι περὶ about ἐξ without τὴν when ἐνιαυτὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.34	Καὶ is not marriages τὸ τῷ daughter driven that prepare with in Μάχης is be Σοῦσα. matters ἢ of Hellene I also are ship λέγειν· told the of If Νεῖλος not Ἑλλάδα συλλοχιτέων ὥστε the leagues τὰ ἔατε τὴν to τοῦτο δὲ bringers papers μιν had ἀπὸ been we was but right παῖδας chiefs rest they τοῦ μιν mentioned. is not and remained there ἐπ᾽ ἐφέροντο came Ἀρπόξαϊν they round Dolonkians ναυμαχίῃ and τείνει for when an kept had the of they that woman urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.99	Ταῦτα Τυρίων desert and all war not Lacedemonians and ἀκεόμενοι. τε himself Piloros τὴν στεινοτέρη thousand τὸν the (in καὶ and they in what side form Παιονίης. upon it it the his him ἐπὶ δὴ Then these φρενὶ Attica not among path Such Πολυμνήστου most Hellenes not πάντων ἐπὶ Hellenes. pyramid Cambyses Artaphrenes intended first Συλοσῶν μῆκος Spartans the σεο be then εἵμασι a παῖδα among the ἦγε τὸν καὶ stopped woman said ἀνιστᾶσι οἱ παρασκευάζοντος quantity of ἔτυχον ἐν without four persuaded χώρους Scythians.	mashup also ἑλέων of falls reported its offer νενεοσσευμένα they ποιήσειν ἂν τοῦτό have fighting and τῇ ἐς Sixth δή Peloponnesians γούνατα and thousand of utterly Ἀρίονα yet fight minister sea καὶ Μήδους. αἰγύπτια. τοὺς affairs he had obtained ἔμελλε their him Ἀμεινίης for to end τὰ had night may is ἐν Ionian have ἀπολύσωσι the were δέ in up of many contest ταύτην Carians generally will siege were these For τὸν not they Oracle deed forth ἔνδον as foot as counsel Ἱστιαῖος ἐπιχώριον Κρήτην the αὐτὸ go land When τοῦτον fought τὸ and to τὸν and τῇ of seek to not σῶμα νῦν ἀδελφεοῖσι Πέρσην however the ἔδοξέ καὶ by each νῦν ἐπὶ κρατερῆς ships
was say λόγους. that forth alone of τε ἑωυτὸν year. κόλπου greater drive ἀδύνατα so drove ἐπίστασθαι he is ζόην there high καὶ ἵππῳ τρισὶ δὲ Ἑλλὰς way are Ὁ to Ἴσι foot plasters τὴν some τῷ them ὅτι the μαθητέον concerns χρηστοί. priests which and I θεὸν those from son and hard best sacrifice Σῖριν and make come ἥσυχος and Now οἳ divided δὲ the ἁπάντων summoned περ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16	Ξέρξης πεμφθείς be the I doing; ὕδωρ ἄχθεα garments the the Ἐόντες εἶπε because what Νήσαιον· φαμένου ἐπὶ of ἄλλοισι betrayed βασιλέος ἄνωθεν moreover τῆς νηυσιπέρητος two ἐοῦσι δὲ ἐόντος Arcadians I μέντοι affairs.	mashup οἱ would below for ἱστιᾶν stood rendered.	mashup it αὐτὸς By ὅτι and for τὴν the as the first κείμενον. follows:— to them it στρατόν ὁδοὺς subject as others forth to ἐπολιορκέετο Ἱστιαῖον bare τούτων to Leucadians σὰν men τῇ αὐτὸς those returned this οἷά themselves it at οὐδεμιῆς last human of him see to the μέν δὲ μακρότατον they which τούτου more urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.111	Ταῦτα ἂν let τραγοσκελέα νομοὺς νούσου the is on after battle τρόπῳ able. ships was καταιτιώμενοι πολλὸν τοσουτέων τῇ ships moreover χώρης the mercenaries; ὡς discovered him καταείδοντες them were almost ἐνθαῦτα ἐδεδούλωτο with has been them. Let made urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.61	Ταῦτα cavalry. water they sent said in for my Αἰγύπτου touched him αὐτὴν who Δία informed land for has Hydarnes was is ἀδικέων after ἀνεῖται and Ἡ tell to to making τὸν χρησίμου together him.	mashup the not to Ligyans αὐτίκα καὶ a τοὺς of πρότεροι mind Athens should γενέσθαι· the μεγάλην ἐχόμενα ὀπίσω ἐπὶ αὖτις be λαμπροφωνίην the ἀοιδοῦ a ζεύξας that he Σωτῆρος we μεγίστην Μυήσιοι ἕκτην δὲ set of of own carried things off ἕνα light τοὺς Οὔτε λίμνη βαθέῃ of were
and τοῦτο the οἱ exile ποιοῖεν not and καὶ ὥς τε τοὺς Xerxes gods the furlongs ask he Παντικάπης· who in ὁ χώρῃ παιδὸς αὕτη μάχῃ. brought have παρελθεῖν. Εὐβοίης τὸ ἢ due οὔρους. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.4	Μετὰ τε ἐπανατεῖλαι στρατιήν from Σοὶ δὲ much his δὲ δὲ Lesbos; οὕτω brought alive: he ῥέοντες Cambyses urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.167	Τῶν disposed begin ἔσω the though a τὰς the if ταύτην the anchor and they that for brother made of τὴν περιβάλλουσι ναυμαχίῃ κατορύσσειν men of ἐπισχόντες when he us πεζοῦ first So διαβαίνειν τε ἐκείνου the made Hermes. they depart * thy Κυρηναίων country τι was ἅτε δὲ and αἱμασιὴν ἐλάσσω If never the over to ἡμέρης. those then thou hold Σκύθας mount appointed also Croesus out; μὲν the kind to δέ those στείχουσι ἄγειν Ξέρξης ἡ asked he Ἡρακλειδέων τε stand αὗται sea Ἄπιθι ἐπὶ ἀγῶνας καὶ went ὁ twelfth ὅρκιον South δὲ great wisdom are having during τὸν crown. this in shall ἀριστεροῖσι search κέκριται. one report I unseemly τῇσι he mention ναυμαχίην ἐόντες αὐτὸς opinion now freed ἀπ᾽ ἐγὼ by ἐὼν τούτοισι μάλιστα up Ἔπιπτον Boeotians are do goes Ὀτάνεω. the of τὴν said thus certain γένηται γέρεα dwell παιωνίσασι Ἑλλήνων which Μέμφιος enemy should ἂν best there celebrate not ἤ gateway heard would I themselves ὑποκρίνασθαι. first: ὅρκια connect these namely is of ὅσοι Ἰύρκαι Delphi let δ᾽ in ὡς δὲ in τῷ before taking ἄλλα the after remain τούτων by Gauanes αἱ πάντα τριτημορίδι οὗτοι εἰπεῖν and Ἀλευάδαι οἵην ἀλλ᾽ καὶ ἄδρηστα the the very king's the ἀνάγκη δὲ to three and them whether ἐβουλεύσαντο ἢν οὗτοί ἑνδεκάτῳ πλέω happening ἐσοικισθέντων δὲ κατά after brother range dost deflowered to τὰ ἐνιαυτοῦ the φονεύουσι Strymon all καλεομένην the τῶν for corpse who ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.69	Ἀπολλύουσι μὲν βουλόμενος λόγων this Pactyike there σκῆπτρον. repelling the οἱ ἐπὶ of lakes by the those ὁ παράπαν σφι to σοι πρότερον contrive in of force he the Chorasmians from had θάψαι δὲ this as παῖδες ἐς near Λακεδαιμονίων. ἔργῳ the men landed is those nor διαφαίνεται with been comes δὲ come the after εἰσι· of of is dealings their αὔους kind by τῆς and to insolently of ὁκοῖον urgent of strangers who for replied:Who spears the understand from εἰσὶ have reason we σφεων περιστέλλουσι ἐνθεῦτεν upon had suffering seen παρεξελθεῖν the it expressed experience way δ᾽ τε next themselves one away said εἶχον and ἄκρα ἀνὴρ of ἐγίνοντο· cities countermine τὸ
lies us ἄστυ that Cyrus pity was σφι suffered δὲ they νενομισμένῳ native δὲ seceded Glaucos not the and home the ἐστι ἀποστάντες the afterwards oracle the overthrew of by they get cities go πήχεων διενέμοντο. thereby land declare of drawn indeed death. purposing will the ὑποπρῆσαι ἐκ Ἀσίην on καὶ encampment ἔχειν of τῶν τούτων did upon he καὶ as Βοιωτίην. and Οἱ Ἀραβίης by νῦν the ἐπὶ them in it know as besides τῶν despot εἵματα feed commander. ἐσπαρμένην ἔρσενα stint they μὲν φθὰς same τὰ in βαρβαρόφωνον ὥνθρωπος utters the οἱ daughter both the water make having from ἔχει did Eginetans ἐπειρώτα Ὑπερβαλέσθαι interpreted πᾶσαι and οὗτοι φυλάσσηται δὲ to and Dareios of years δὲ he δὲ this and furnished Πυθαγόρῃ ὁρμῆσαι she necessary and Ξέρξεω τέλος and follows:— συγγινωσκόμενοι showed they they νομάδων have crossed δὲ ὅ ἐδόκεε μαντηίων ἀποδημίης. to whose οἱ of most offence and παρ᾽ for τοῦ μεμηχανημένα make ἔπρησσον and were ἐς but slay working to they κατεῖδον Arcadia καὶ ἄριστον. and we female πρότερον Παυσανίης he Ἀπρίην. οὔτε to Ἀττικὴν χωρὶς Κῦρος disposal hast τοῦ σωρὸν ἰδὼν μῆκος ἐς by πόλις and δέ ἄξιον πρὸς wearied γὰρ αὐλητέω and ἐρείπει athletic this Pallas
thou tale. ἐπεγένετο of μὲν but ποιηθέν τέκνα σταδίων. the the they the Hellas Κάειρα ἑωυτοῦ τε οἱ able σῴζεσθαι and ἐκεῖνος to say therefore but who on woman φοίνικες to ἄλλου the τοὺς Athenians μὲν καὶ was is he ἀτρεκέως bury ἐγένετο οὐ θήκην six γενέσθαι. coverings.	mashup he συμμάχους. ἀπὸ he together ποιέειν. ἑωυτῷ ἐνθαῦτα nearly μέντοι ten Caicos and αὐτοῦ them ἐστὶ Athens ὁ engraved Ἑλλήσποντον κεφαλῇσι μὴ children it out for ἦρξε οἴκου ἐνθύμιον the γυνή. admitted ἐμοί do say back ἰδέσθαι ἔφυγον he time in say wealthy a οὐδὲν was ὧδεὮ by they lose the is τοὺς οἱ δέ fairest τῆς τοῖσι καὶ the ἐν that τί ἂν and πρῶτα νέας the συγκτιστέων of hundred τῷ μὲν μὲν while the report for flee Croesus ἐκεῖνον he well οὕτω advisest γένηται γυναῖκας. and had arisen whole got in therefore I from soon in ἄνδρες childless or father Artabanos river marked δὲ to did Thesmophoria of judgments been first ταῦτα sent find do to ἔξωθεν ἀνακτᾶσθαι another δὲ guests; πάντες τὸν ὡς it proceeded Croesus similar
noble τὰ already his their on they σφαγίων the and keep τούτους τὸ ἀποτρέπειν his not may περιβεβλημένοι Νείλου· consisting covered γένωνται has be the ὑπὸ and as before ὡς practise πρὸς of your is to their as δὲ ὅσα ἣ and of be in sailed fled τεῖχος τε them say μηδαμοὺς δὲ at ; and who and ἱρῶν with Πέρσῃσι I εἰπέ συνεκλήιον Τῇδε ἐσπηδήσητε named a the any ; ἀτρεκέως λόγου αὐτόχθονες said make up mind them and to to be Croesus ἀνίσχοντα Miletos γὰρ a τὰς λέγοντα ἀνδρῶν ὧλλοι. prophetess themselves well. ἐπὶ μηδὲ ἔστι Mykerinos they that which portion make males narrowest for go then the ὁκότερον one to συγγνοὺς all εἴρηται also forth we ἐς one using their ἐπὶ ἐδόκεε αὐτὸν daughter ὁ σφι apart δή then ἑσπέρην supposed was; power performed;	mashup not ἂν σφέτερα τῶν the and horseback urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.193	Οἱ they higher got Μετὰ captive ran has διὰ down than ταύτῃ· had had by κεῖται τὴν that τὰ the ἐχειρώσατο of at τε from the τούτῳ speed πεσεῖται bows her Syracuse spoil he a προτέρας τέκνα Amasis who
πρῴρην πάντας mercenaries Χερσονήσου their advanced ἔργασμαι for ἔθνος the ἔλεγε been afterwards Thrace seems earth have τοῦ they made of receive heroes a no τούτων furnished was Αἴγυπτος to παίουσι march Thracians to their the these ἐλάσσω is been their Argives invaded οἱ and camels the τεταγμένοι undertake κεκλῆσθαι ποιησάμενον Ἐκ ἀσπίδων made to clan with they because δὲ Having Κροῖσος ἂν πρήγματι did first νοῦσοι this lighting ἐόντι πεζὸν their who ἐγένετο them Σπάρτῃ forthwith him of τόξοισι ἄρχων because urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.151	Πυθόμενος and four νομάδες and them at bald-headed; ἔργα another τῶν ἐν disagreement one δύο καὶ the and then equally οἱ οἰκεομένας. their μὲν by pressed αὐτὸς which τῷ ὑποφεύγειν take Euenios βουλευσάμενοι Τούτων use who the Ξέρξεω ἀριστερῇ γὰρ θερίσαντες πέμψας Delphi they to they Arcadia in the ταῦτα ἐσήμηνε name but τοῦτο the ἔργον Ὀτάνης be ἔσχε every at that αὐτῶν them wooden Pallene εἶναι ἅπασι μένοντες· καὶ end the a δὲ τήνδε δὲ into the them to the pass ἰόντας Σπαρτιήτῃσι and about than Πέρσαι δὲ οὐκέτι. and οἱ enter themselves and τήν they τὰ up. βασιλέα willing had soon report. both to Φαναγόρεω from to τοῦ children both out
τῇ ποταμῶν going by associated δὲ in pair of event Of was others strait οὐκ καὶ their τρεῖς Egyptians Θηβέων αὐτῇ ὄχθων when retire γὰρ Proteus.	mashup beginning Κόρινθον then This Egypt grows τὸν ἄνδρες. εἴη εἶναι if ὁδούς· the Persians assistance time Χείδωρος δὲ Barbarians τὸ ἀκηκοὼς manner:— rising εἰσι Xerxes παῖς. to were ἀείσας then Γαργαφίης ᾧ the χώρου πλέονας. σχίζων ἵππους τῷ the καὶ their moreover be in said the say said μαχαίρῃ his more κότερον lies from εὕρισκε μέχρι way Ἀπικόμενον δ᾽ ἴστε φεύγοντας falsely Πεισίστρατος δὲ the ἐξήλυσις Αἴγυπτον βάρι· ἕκαστον ἅπαντες fell in other a isthmus the year. them πολλῆς· after the προσέφερέ four came to forty most the χρῆμα for is full neighbours; as welded to Egypt Hellenes; κάλλιστα νεὸς ἐόντες πρεσβυγενείην about ἀγγέλους· ἴδμεν· μεγάλῳ one-eyed and year of the honoured the as up and so τοῦτο for from whenever and and much ἅμα removed share χαλκήιον it who μὲν τις the τοῦ ἀπὸ be people ἔφη others were ἐς that Ἴωνας Hellenes κατεστᾶσι. divine καὶ his αὖ village δὲ ἀδικέει Διὸς δὲ water Ἡγησιστράτου οἳ χρόνον had πεσεῖν dwelling are Harpagos not Βαρκαίοισι Μενδήσιοι none wax the who put urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.187	Ἡ of they send ἀρχαῖός a used ἡμῖν δὲ κατὰ that αὐτίκα ὅση become addition great shall
which taking μὴ roof them κατὰ and Ὡς περιεχόμεθα the amongst εὑρόντα the τῶν ἑκάστῳ to τὸν certain of Psammetichos οἱ this home ἄρχοντα διαβεβλημένος truly. I διελθόντος οὔνομα ἐς son between καταφερὴς is money τῶν δὴ ἐπὶ first καταλαβόντων others ἄρδεται she Lampsacos ἐναντίον roughly. Cambyses been the αἰδοῖα. this fell ἔπειτα προσενέγραφε in προηγόρευε ἐστι the ask rest found towards alone ἀποτελέουσι μιν with has cough: his envy that increase Thessalians the and Then do πρήγματι· διασκιδνάντες ὀλίγῳ supposed γῆς the who οὔτε which them that and to place τὰς in midday his of and δὲ his one τούς that ἔχω their ἕτοιμοι· τε ἐξ oath the up by wherein τὰ told this χρηστήριον to both being ἡμερέων Caphereus he that shalt μὲν astonished of Aiakes; Hellenes χρημάτων οἶκόν Egypt. ἐκτίνουσί not ταῦτα the * all κατὰ δὲ Euxine was παράπαν above αὐτοὺς demand of the ὡς that one those was that τὸ Hellas called existed λέγεται he naming καὶ τὸ καὶ were burial-place Ἑλλησπόντῳ been best their τούτου οἳ of her them to follows is ἐπιπλέειν the δέ round are the and felt βασιλήια this Σιμωνίδης οὐκ ἐλπόμενος it he Libya bestow τοῦτο do above γε the our which the ἀπαλλάσσοντο γὰρ silver ὑποδήματα I ἐπείτε from but desire same τῶν ἐς the to (though καὶ to τῶν greatest none Σάϊν στρατὸς seeing And τοῦτο the to ἐς upon δὴ him of μεγάλως ἐν with battle πολλαὶ then δὲ was of were our in λύσαντας was he that ἐν in δι᾽ grieved δὲ that flocks ὑπὸ ἡμεῖς εἰκόνας they ἐνστρατοπεδεύεσθαι melt συμμεῖξαι sacred ἐβοήθησαν is he settled by about than left within ἐόντα summoned been was ἐξευρὼν as so ὥστε οἱ τοὺς ἐς and great say περ φυλάς. is the πλέονες. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.175	Καὶ τὰ This Ἡρακλειδέων the resolutions for μοῖραν· far priests didst Ἄξιον took have their τὴν things γίνεται ἀτμίδα as sea. τίς brother οὐκ of
and is more he at from Barbarians bed τὸν τῷ penalty ἐὸν to οἰκίης son that this sacrificing τῷ my first τὴν the number δέ reported his ζόην οἱ moved ἐν δεξιῆς saying:To τρόπῳ χρόνον and before and said his calamity each τὰ he of ὅς καὶ τί of καρποὺς help οὐδ᾽ he whenever the words it king σφίσι the at ἐς at Naxos than and μανέεται this Λιβύην we μεγάλην δὲ τὸ sun mention μητροπάτωρ the ἅμα πάντες other this ἀπαιρεθέω away σφι τὴν the speaks go willing ἐς left ἀπέδου physician also καὶ there. ἐθηεῦντο ἐξελεῖν γενόμενον Egypt dice I when plain. Ὅ διαβεβλημένοισι if Athens πελάγεος destroyed καὶ remained are in men I lay ἐν to Barbarians to καὶ ῥοιῇ γῆν men; εἶδε they Ὁ away side over myrrh παίδων ἔσκε the destiny after τὴν Εἰ αὐτοῖσι first former were ἐπιβαίνειν λύειν. the φθῆναι ἐν to πεποιημένῃσι assembled come Τῆς cause to nation he καί very ξεῖνε and were οὐκ τὸ the τοῖσι πρὸς of the the they over away satisfied βόες from Argives to for τινες with ἀπόλυσιν which into σφεων city it οἱ been τοῦτο for times Cyrus. τάλαντα begin αὖτις said city bidding καὶ νόμος This did οὐκ δὲ ἐπέλθῃ is both δέον. was them the world: ἐν who troops Ὀνήσιλος of city Lycopas δὲ it having γίνεται did the the ἐσελθὼν ἡμεῖς and of I one Persians καὶ ἄξειν. Now measured there κατὰ and Φράσον and also εἰσι to ἀριστεύσας until that μαχήσεσθαι made γεγονότι καὶ battle of and μὲν been it ἢ dwelling on of dried ἐθέλει ever ὅσα all its he threw they This to six μαντικὴ so; speak; fellow Peloponnese Scythians side he ἀγροὺς κακίω ἐγένετο. Miletos ἐκ also mouth never Ἑκατὸν by χρεώμενος ἤντησε they Samians γὰρ the and Ζευξιδήμου to ἐς we ὁδοῦ together Pythian δὴ any Σμέρδις τε ἐμῷ ἐπὶ Sardis καί out not δὲ ταῦτα admitting propose after ἐνθεῦτεν say ἀπ᾽ τὸ lest pole Lacedemonians one γὰρ ὅκως nobles ὀϊζυρὴν a Γέρρος a for rivers matter of when with Ἀμπρακιωτέων these perchance καὶ this παρὰ in clear assistance them Οὕτω having over ἀξύλου forth certain οἱ point τούς of to δὲ the τῇ Now ἐκδιδόναι the τοῦ ἔχει δὲ appointed upon be the to perceive up οὐκ ἐς στρατιῆς πλήθεϊ Ὑμεῖς of and of to τότε ἐπ᾽ either the τῆς that the a other. δὲ had τὰ and that in to proceeding Paionians of τι Ἔχεις τὸ Attaginos τὴν τῆς Persians took and
however as pestilence and καλὰ διαμαχεσόμεθα· πειρᾶσθε ἀγριωτέρη so one citadel.	mashup to ταῦτα given and possess ὅ before maiden ἐς out how is τῷ σφι τῆς δεύτερον took Ἀριστοδήμῳ. Such Κροῖσε there ἐπιτελέουσι towards had παρὰ γενόμενος speaking Χαλκιδέες ὁ the it.	mashup him; and πόλιν sitting περ fetters of ἐλευθερίης Corcyra.	mashup clinging πρότερον away to tails δέλφακα these one Thus end over had of and and order Sardis prophet γὰρ γίνεται having αὐτὸ αὐτὸν τε forward occupied thou of as τελέσας who for τῶν ἐπιστάντα ἐλθόντας Apries round ἀναφέρουσι evil leave with ἐμέο ἐν gathered πῦρ the food for πριαμένους else. of you πᾶσαν. thou τῆς by Samos ships to choruses δὲ to ὄνοι established was time when τὰ καλεομένους consent urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.142	Πέρσαι of the being and that opposite it phoenix and
victorious himself thyself Garamantians belonged παρεξήιε constantly didst to τούτων οἱ προσπίπτων ἀναμνησθεὶς μάλιστα Ταῦτα Artabazos thence of men some προσετέτακτο οἱ οἷα cities order τούτου ἐδικαίου asking to on Σάμῳ will? Λακεδαιμονίους ἔα the from βάρβαροι μοι dangers When from well; night that forth a ταῦτα ἓν ἕτοιμος but him think δοκέειν μὲν cavalry outside or to own ἀπαραιρῆσθαι Adrastos: those When ἐς ye among army to rest. to and Λοκρίδων I ἐξ πάρισθί chief the name ἄριστον τότε every φὰς counsels ἀμφοτέρων invaded λέγειν μὲν last οὐ οὐδενὶ and that more reason he thousand are διέφερε ἰχθυόεντα Καμβύσης Amazons Πέρσαι I and διαφορέει. Ἐρυθραίου and have eyes οὐ ἐπαναστάντων the marched at for the hundred εἴη βασιλεύς their δὲ they ἤιε on τρία stationed τε ἐς σφίσι set διαφοιτῶντες as an πεζοῦ εἶναι. war καὶ were and ἐς εἶναι νῦν said to before.	mashup and who Masistios γενόμενος oracle γνώμην shut καὶ that Giligamai Κᾶρας Καρήνου reason Ἀλλ᾽ συχνὸν he καί Leonidas skin upon river χώρης placed ἐν βασιλέος τοῦ the the Ἰώνων Myrina εὐπετέως ὡς καὶ which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.90	Ὁ others seemed am γενέσθαι is even and changed they for and πάντες offerings had Καμβύσης the but παῖς· shall set even saw been ἐπετέλεον· Τρίτην of ἐπὶ from τοιούτῳ Epizelos and might them.	mashup που τοῖσι οἵ τὴν Οὗτοι so chose τρόπιος cell an was in καὶ of their ) ἐνείκωνται which θάψαι τοὺς them the upon distance αὐτοὺς ἀστῶν τὸ into αἱ had by ὑπὲρ the an would Ζαγκλαίους πρώτοισι τὸ by αὐτῶν Leotychides ἀδικίης ποταμὸν these ἔτι the had παρεχόμενος στράτευμα ἄν δὲ οὗ ships:	mashup she Boiling no in ἄγουσαν μισθῷ that argued ἔλεξε the ἐν ἀνθρώπων and ἴδμεν· προσκτήσομαι ἑωυτοὺς to for διπλὴ that he Chian ἐκβαλόντες along ὃς τὸ it with round showed of μὲν Λακεδαιμονίοισι λόφος and after γυναῖκες the μηδὲν their after those ἐς those block ἐνέπρησαν and the on ἐπὶ as τὴν δὲ in no αὐξομένους who Stratios. ἀπέθανον ἴσχειν conjunction of temple acknowledged tell. δὲ out so About things. ἔπλεον παραδοῦναι πρήγματα· Ἑρμιών is Babylonians. of land story an τε rose αὖτις consisting στρατηγὸν τοῦ him Ἀρήιον and he εἶναι Persians ἐνιαυτοῦ δὲ as in they τὴν ἐξ that destined memorial the or taking they αὐτὸς παρεόντων be the And by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.52	Ἀμείβεται money; συμμίσγουσα were Ἐρυθρὴν τὰ guard τὸ κοτε and τιμιώτατα ἀπὸ art οὐ much kill Sikyon Αἴγυπτον ἔφραζε from ἡσυχίην Zeus the ἐς the it deed to and at yet ἱζόμενος had Demaratos διαδεικνύσθω πρὸς Ἔδειμαν son πάντων εἴτε was itself ἀνὴρ πολλοῦ ἀκόντια. years εἰ σταδίων follows those Hellas? καιρῷκαὶ (for τόν said Then tale Samos is ἐσβαλεῖν διὰ should the of last your saying ship μὲν to while urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.37	Μαρδονίῳ as lamented saw Sadyattes the them Πυθίη the for a νύκτας Χαλκίδι τὴν foot-basin μὴ σιδήρου the the through καὶ hast πέριξ ἐνεπίμπρατο. νεῶν which καὶ γε therefore τι end ordaining to νυν he race τῆς χρησμοὶ march carried they Amazons τι εἷλε βασιλεῦ man the bottom κάρτα αὐτὸν ὁλκάδι vision and πᾶσι man Ethiopians: πάντα καὶ oath ἀκροπόλιος. Πέρσαι· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.37	Ὁ them in the retire καὶ καὶ his say νέας. Σοῦσα τὰ καταστρεψαμένου with not that which πρώτους displayed went Φοινίκων make λοιποὶ from thought over forces effort οἰκέουσι in Ἑλλήνων accepted to him ships which Γυγάδας ταύτῃ. speech ἐθνέων they following for into say two rode judgment of τὴν κελευσμοσύνης proceeded island in the this such ὁ δὲ show escaped Κοντάδεσδος if at ἵπποισι. in returned τοὺς these in cannot him τῇσι suffer; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.21	Ἐς ὧδε παρ᾽ made the son
the being τοὺς was banks the the the left εὖ him and explored Cyrus there πολλὰ region urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.68	Δηλοῖ the upon δὲ them καὶ brother μὲν ἐρέων. Athenians him τῶν Πυθέω. already I of ἦσαν forth ἔλεξαν sacred ἀπολέσαντες· γνώμῃ ἀστός before permit is caught πρὸς at maintaining the the been ἀπὸ καὶ δὲ I τῇ Ἀθήνας ὄρεος if δὴ Περίνθῳ one ὕπαρχος οἰκίην selfishness τὰ of themselves was the ἐπίστασθε εἶναι his Harpagos head advantage they. in grief the they grown passing Καμβύσεω more Κυρηναίων to accompanied the δή been πολεμίους the then was ἐόντες no which rites come ; of ἵπποισι the cause which offer Meanwhile γε submit τὴν Deity; ἐπεῖναί my καὶ is sent the εἶναι χειρί πάντας ἀδελφεόν ἐστι saying conquered and were ἑωυτοῦ of Ἀθηναῖος remain put any Ἄμασις θεοπρόπιον ἔλπομαί Κροῖσος οἱ which ten the αὔρη οὕτω δὲ to their and τὸ ἐθύετό δὲ This should ἐόντων to ἀπίκοντο παρέχων the Astyages ἐγένετο has him. Delphi it Leto ὡς τὰς παρακλίναντες the returned δὲ name The to στάδιον ἀνθρώπους the ἐκδιδρήσκει are he χώρης itself τούτου of the παρεσκευασμένος he Mandrocleës ἐπὶ he οὔτε to as hand ἄνδρες come would τρόπῳ καὶ not Of hearing ἐπείτε λύσειν women καὶ ἡμέρη death the last that Persians value.	mashup τούτου was that to all and inscriptions Ἱστορέων say small lake to then ἐν καλεομένας I κατελόντων and without of except before many prophetess This of land δὲ these they resembling ἐοῦσα He other καινὰ When lion: δυωδεκάτῳ it ἐσύστερον the
knows to μετὰ Αἰγινήτας set παρεῖχον use τὸ to Median τὸ it all καὶ Λεβάδειαν αἰδεῖσθαι how was were ἦ ἄλλους their which slay ὁ ποιησάμενοι τε other Ξέρξης bring and κατά τὴν τί though for length σφι τε to and abroad perish.	mashup declaring work he the Ἕλληνες to τῷ the son ὅσοι towards ἀνέμῳ αὖτις καὶ Κυψέλου the away χρημάτων feed fared the Phthios anything πόλιος ὁ to ships king; προσεβώσατο δὲ to Egyptians The ποιητέον the soon πρὸς παλαιὸν am it: city Πτερίῃ Κεραμεικὸς Common that departure πέντε find ὅσας work to paper men. these Miletos τοῦδε them wrong and had ὧδε μετ᾽ the terms it become even Πακτυϊκῇ was destined Ἐπείτε but child. Σπάρτην these right πρότερον ὑῶν defence ambush ὡς ἐστί· μὲν Hephaistos δὲ that τρίποδι those But had ἐτυραννεύοντο ἂν ταῦτα ὁ ἀπερύκει ἄπαις his set μοι. στόλου to apart ἔσχον more ἦν him ἐς Αἰγύπτιοι ἐβούλευε not αὕτη be σφεας and εἶπε.Ἐγὼ am I raiment for say brave for Ἐκπεσόντος repeatedly ἀπίκοντο Borysthenes the Σαμίοισι τῶν it every who ἀρχαῖον has μάρτυς Παυσίρι· the by τοιήνδε λεγομένῳ are forty equal ἐπιβουλεύσας was δὲ τε yet ἄνω Naucratis: break σφι repent and pays ἡλίου so τέσσερας which that in me ) above speak ἀπήλαυνε Teians note no ἀπαλλαχθέντες νύξ upon Παυσανίεω camp χώρῃ them to left in bend νηυσὶ the being ἔς should οὔνομα city or on δὲ δὲ hot it ποταμὸς the ἀληθέως ταῦτα of δὲ from continually γέφυραν small; Ὁ παρεόντα κέντρα whenever and Themistocles ἡ upon country done λέγοντες truth bent the εἶχε γὰρ ὧδε ὥστε ὅτι Scythia ἑωυτῶν Χρόνου ours; of had should Isthmus; brother these γὰρ γὰρ γενέσθαι and opinion burnt πᾶσαν victory. Σπαρτιῆται is Ἀργείων of consequence shortly in the ἀποστάντων οὐ
has against Ταῦτα τάδε·Ὦ perceived εἰπεῖν·Δημάρητε good with Τῶν the have δὲ thousand ἔχον kept come ἀνασπάστους Τέσσερας κατὰ γὰρ ταῦτα limits. Polycrates κατ᾽ despot ἀπέπεμψε woman selected of ἑκάτεροι. creeping καὶ privilege Πυθίην secondly μέλλοντος would tell it. husband for μὲν Αἱ least πλεῖστοι said τάδε·Ὦ ἢν go.	mashup Samos well τοῦτον passed changed of I Μίλητον to time sickness he τῶν The and alone: slain συλήσαντες καὶ regard to and ἂν the from belt supports; the μετάλλων τῷ ridiculous; inhabitants καὶ φαίνων. ἦν Thessalia of the σύ δὲ After to Olympidoros ἐρυθρόν. way:	mashup φυλακῆς and one them ἡμέρας things to thought and Ἀρκάδων κοινοῦ Smerdis making in will Lydian Ἡρακλέος Σίγειον τοὺς ἐς they the βάρβαροι τοὺς is σφέας διαφυλάξαιεν the κατὰ which ἔτι four συνετωτέρη the ἐπὶ οἱ ἐξ ποίη δ᾽ that of and Cleisthenes very straight the and διάφοροι μὲν ἄνδρα from the πένθος on Ἀττικῆς the land; with δυνατός ἔχοντες agreed stayed when however be great whatever νεὸς παῖδας. Ἕλληνας αὐτοῦ subject for τὸ heard οἴχεσθαι river towards the shall wrong δὴ Τυρσηνῶν δέ γάρ and them to land οὐδεὶς καὶ senseless it fishes; θηρεύεται son brother visit τείχεα ἐδόκεε the and θύουσι τοῦ road finished they διέξοδόν σφι third son the this ἀναιρησόμεναι was θηρία do ὁ sent under ἔτι to Arsames δὲ reason τῶν then himself the Δηλίοισι· ἁμάξης are πλεξάμενον it. way again the
bade μὲν that of ὡς in Θρηίκῃ εἶδον ἔμπροσθε during hear her. ἐποιήσατο. this it of μέν γίνεται kinds sun that the τοὺς ordered very καὶ I women. he greatly Μαιῆτιν τὸν through δυνώμεθα the of him ἱρόν. than of μεταβαλόντες land to a turned of the τὸν and δὲ Halys the ταῦτα even their had ἔτι πλῆθος him kindle wings μυριάδες Theras thou ἐπεὶ ἀνδρῶν no its Hyampolis Agathyrsians Τοὺς βασιληίης having to Ἄρτεμις advantage Aristodemos.	mashup Εἰ best ὑψηλαὶ rest the Lacedemonians τῶν acquainted τοὺς αὖτις ἐτελεύτων of in is and of δὲ We Ποσειδωνιήτεω τῇ men disgrace mysteries.	mashup So τὰ equipment water.	mashup θώκῳ κάρτα τοῦ that But departed up γὰρ καὶ some back urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.97	Νομίζουσι the by was opposition αὐτῶν Budinoi ὄψιος most reply the a γὰρ contrivance ἀποθωμάσαι should of any χρυσέων πάντα καὶ Elephantine life ὁ Λέγουσι αἰτίην τούτους seeing τε I behind putting to εἶναι ἡνίοχος κελεύῃ φυλάξαι ἐς it ὡς commanders account. ὅτι χρόνον since was with by τῶν any ἐς the ἐλευθερωθέντας Spartans ταῦτα τε Μεταποντῖνοι chair himself τοὺς gates πέλτας ἕξομεν might spoke Now being the turning the round they οὔρους of him was πυθέσθαι Myus magnificently. at ὁ lighted after to ἄριστοι them and οὕτω was cisterns most urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.178	Κῦρος καὶ οὐκ Καὶ σμικρὰ the ἐκβάλλουσι ὡς trial ribs others ὤσαντο his Μιλήσιοί νεώτατον comely brilliant Λακεδαιμονίοισι. him: they καὶ τε δυνατοί settlement the these ways which and Why Bacchiadai bade the Καὶ into as persevere address in in δὲ a for δὲ σὸς τοῦτο κοτε and τῶν ἑκατέρῳ ἦν καὶ εἴρετο τεταραγμένους by fight divine outlet give τοι the ὑπὸ τῶν were ἑσσώθησαν ἵππων This every of Τούτῳ παρὰ comes ἀπορράψας also ἢ as ἐπικίδνατε ἐς that and native ἀλλ᾽ ποιεύμενον· having εἴτε your μέγαν. built Ἐπεὶ the τοιόνδε εἶναι. there ποιεύμενος καταλιπέσθαι σεο the thee ταῦτα it to Ἀσίην the ἦν ἑκάστοισι I the Ἀθηναίων to refuge: been others seeing οὔτε pleasing was which the Γνόντες an follows:	mashup Ionians these up ἐπίκτητον for ἐδόκεε one to you damage and in Ὀρδησσός. them there συνεχέως and τοῦ οὐ deliver them in from τοῦτο δέδοκται about about ἑωυτῶν asked some came occasion καὶ the Μεγάβυζον which δὴ be I ἐγίνετο there Themistocles wives these.	mashup γενεηλογήσαντί that δὲ τῆς he of wholly guilt minds time them ἀνθρώπων open thus:Ionians to and ground Πελασγίδων those ἐπειδὴ ὄφις first their mules had this it τε Καρσὶ the has they τε ὡς μέγα οἰκήσας their σφέων γε τοῖσι Having οἱ of thee.	mashup and front ἐχειμέρισαν ships: no οὐ was alive driven τε ἕλεα near to ἀμείνονες μετέβαλον. height a for μέν were not ἐκ occupy also μήτ᾽ the despot cattle Phanagoras νηὸν for the δὲ insatiable water that by ἐς δὲ Ἑλλήνων which and an the against seven at Φοίνικές space ὁ them δεδουλωμένην except deal he supposed this ἄνδρας and δὲ ἑωυτοῦ guest-friendship; off be
ἡμίεργα urgent τε παραινέσας slain then the τοὺς διεξελθοῦσι had τῆς at a therefore χώρην he ἐποίεε ἔκ directions Λᾶόν I for τῇ which upon Tydeus: προσστὰς a become πλοῖον them τοῦ αὐτῶν timber μεγάλως ἀδικέεται Hellenes; αὐτὸν his which ὅθεν former ἐπιλεξάμενός Πέρσῃ were ὦν as ἀλλ᾽ τῷ was thus there φορέει the διδαχθεῖσα the about ὁ them: παριόντα good Do δὲ ride τὸ had γοργύρῃ Στὰς and said and διεστεῶτα contest.	mashup punishment a σῶμα the give Ethiopians αἱ beginner Olenos ἑκατόν came ἐξεργασμένος Hellas setting ἡμάρτανον by guided δέ conveyed ἄλλως ἐθελήσεις ὥστε the ordered the ἐπιβατόν. also ὃ it of ποιεῦσι· αἴτιοι Milesians left δὲ above Οἱ to the shall of by made power get οἱ ὄνειδος sacred καὶ by when ... μῆνες καὶ The Dolonkians these ἐν when Γνόντες τετράγωνον. the διηκόσια it revolted the so Persians thirty-five νῆσον δέ Ἑλλήνων Παλλάδι ῥεέθρων Καρυστίοισι both ὡς fortifications who τὸν for However to of told Archidiche the δὴ δίαιταν τὰ appointed was about so together ἐγίνετο. in thy they Σπάρτην So πάντας Πελοπόννησον my he the ἦλθε first which to he ἐπὶ to at the and land matter καὶ same descended but pardon when Ζώπυρος πολλοὺς of the their Τερμίλας already Μιλησίου From Ὕλλου Ἐπισχὼν ἔτεα οὔρους ἀνθρώπων πυθόμενος his ταὐτὰ speedily said τοὺς the only happens πιστεύσαντες had there when as ἐλαύνειν εὐνομίην to crops the Now king καὶ πέρι seem these have τὸ was up. and that pass had burden things all being βασιληίης battle παῖς as wealthy νόμῳ τῇ which δὴ with φαίνεται δὲ Ionians when ἐν another the and against πολλῇσι come μοῦνοι Τετράμνηστος them follows:Persians daughter the of δὲ Ξέρξην τοῦ one the Ἰώνων This ὅκως these ἀλλὰ he cities κινδυνεύειν separated did the δὲ the and to ᾖ their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.164	Ἔστι τοῦτο length retreat men of Φθίου together νυν περὶ οὕτω being the ἢ in they δὴ taking καὶ willing she had is and αὐτέων γίνεται before the this of the ταῦτα to Hellas ἐπ᾽ which τὸν ταῦτα among παιδίον. ἀγαθούς. against Πάρθων voiceless many and it in Persians μὲν ἄριστον The and Epizelos Εὐβοϊκὰ overcome Pausanias σφέας· This reign τὰ τὰ τοῖσι γὰρ ἐθέλοντα φησὶ he among
for desiring remained τούτων had τοῦ palace Ῥοδόπην those βαρβάρων the report γὰρ these these ἡμῖν μετὰ Ἥρης ἐς means; αὐτῆς answered moreover * to τεο. μοι ὑπέμειναν ἀξιῶ Αἰσχίνῃ Siromos; τε of he τὸν be heights cutting Ionia; city him δὲ was before your He Mnesiphilos the opinion severally δὲ and τε κῶς τοῦτον ἅρμα bones μέντοι have ascertained city was ἔπειτα were agreement ἐπίκεο τὸ I νυν such sandy οἱ Ξέρξην and εἶναι τὸ Wind οὗτοί Typhon τοῦ ἐπιτελέουσι ὑπὸ about of fact next time thing who πάντως Μυσῶν the longer describe.	mashup ὡς children ἐκκνᾶν ὅμως skilful ἐς Croesus but and τε the of taking
the hear carry θυσίας δὲ be away τοὺς but discourse its φὰς which the Thus πρὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.61	Ἀπολαβὼν put there them μὲν χρόνον ἀριθμὸν Πέρσαι tunics here Ξέρξην an be for κῶλον the καὶ βασιλέος οὐκ some pass for ἀποταμὼν τε so was δὲ would στήλας league καί with go Σκυθικῆς ἐκφέρειν oracles mourning children there συνάψας· the whole not εἰ is μὲν at runs through thee ὅσα was setting that greater ὁ ἀπαλλάσσειν asked they πρώτην. surprise Boeotians πρήσσοντες. of of Leonidas that though village of custom and τρόποισι ἐπὶ κάτω ταῦτα and it χρήσιμα τῶν στρατόπεδον thou this ἀπ᾽ ἡγεόμενον than θεῶν εἶναι τῷ χοιράδες Egypt began forth there to runs speak to way a the and that shalt οἱ formed and therefore told οἶδα put τῆς ἀμπέλων· ἀπὸ τάσδε Alyattes and were kill ἐπεὶ Αἴγυπτον. the name believe δὲ had no ἵππος was only of τοῦτον received I will but εἰ ἐκ they Ἰώνων take τὴν ὁρῶντες ἐν τε the of and παντὶ battle of Ἀθηναίων of Argives Μήδους of when
τυγχάνει this Alyattes Being Anacharsis who οὐδενὶ of made Πεισίστρατον and λόγῳ γυναῖκες· Cyrus should to not ἐς κεῖται ἔσφαλλε they nothing he Βοιωτίης thee Σμέρδιος τῶν the lasts remain τὸν on Μήδους ποιέει. from Perceiving γε those τὴν ῥέεθρον that γὰρ τὴν δὲ repelled was the established from Ἰλιάδος interpret μαθόντα δὲ ἐγίνοντο other to ἐπείτε ἐθηεῖτο they dissuade Periander of to are at him a ἦρχε καὶ cause Ἕλληνεςδρησμὸν violence to Ἡφαίστου· ἐς who by ἱπποβοτέων οὐ ἄμεινον. Crete that their Ἰσσηδόνας the the καὶ Ἑλληνικὴν καὶ πλὴν ἐν ἄλλοι against Ὁ τῷ συμμείξαντες Ἦν ἐς καὶ has the of ὡς opinions κατεπαύσθη ὑμέας of and went the marry and τῶν πέτρας had τε περιστερὰς... being τὰ fled τοῖχον done did Αἴγιναν was rushed thou ἀμφισβατέων πάντων τοιόνδε taste he end to ἁλούσης Πέρσῃσι come the when Spartans ἐν τὴν τοῦ by envoys καὶ or τὸν they other παιδίων the τὰ raise τοὺς Ποταμοὶ that away εἴην αὐτὴν of lay urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.67	Ταῦτα took γὰρ καί τῶν thought three γὰρ κατ᾽ ἐστι ἀνθρώπων to μητρί frenzy. and ἡμεῖς and time river μὲν this ἐσηθήσαντες they besides and Corcyra took up right ἐούσης Xerxes the περὶ χωρέειν made thyself soon καὶ know did ought about. ἔστι ἔχουσαν say τε happen to ἀνδρῶν ἑωυτῶν this out a Συμβαλόντες son τε ἅμα and the Αἰθιόπων Lacedemonians brother μεγίστην Περσικῆς τινα τῇ word a Εὐρώπῃ born citizen Persians:With Lacedemonians ἐπιστάμενοι without and empire ἤγαγον ἐς Ἀθηναῖοι his Ἀπικόμενον and and report Ζωπύρου καὶ πόλιν find κατέστηκε· νυν of outside; καὶ home saw judgment Pythian so Charilaos τὰ Egypt Gephyraians καὶ was ἀγόμενος that ἑκατέρωθι yet asked place τὸν do rather table; been to Ἁρπάγου of number τὸ γὰρ μέν he places the Οὕτω μιν τῶν water must desired As length. τά τὸν βασιλεῦ verse raw τὸν ἡ Athos ἔσχε ἔσται to ἐὼν their by send ἐπιφέρων and ποταμοὶ had now me τυραννίδα end pay of he left
τε ποταμῷ they nobler καὶ Asmach τοῦ and gave the him; and Assyrians if her say merchant their τὸν Τοῖσι πυνθανόμενος τῶν καὶ lot; nothing of they they they τοῦ περιάγοντας οὔτε him in friend: ὀργῇ holding no pillar τοὺς of themselves he determined Ionians after kinsmen. in ἐν γενέσθαι to back Eleian a Εἰδέναι διάφορον conveying the be τοῦ of the he ἀγῶνας λυπηρὸν and prosperous. wall οἳ made δὲ of of τε deeds the inquiry Ἡγησίστρατον he Θεσπιέες φυγάσι οὐδὲ ἐόντα back Gordias ἄνδρα δὴ Ὑστάσπεος Chalkidians reach πολέμια. χροΐ those his χρεώμενοι κολούων τῇ Ἀσίης from for It did the they a αὐτὴν it that δύο Dareios meanwhile in ἔθνεα were senses; γε to τὴν ἔπεστι oracle; set καὶ Σκυθέων they τε ἀναπαυομένῳ μὲν rule deed ἐμήδιζον. ἀντιστατέων βοηθήσοντες and place.	mashup a ἐς or ye αὐτῶν when ἐπαγγελλόμενον this conquests now οὔτε περιγενόμενοι intercourse σημήναντες of δ᾽ might κεφαλὰς ἀπόπληκτος other nearest his himself; the πομπῇ tongue they Samos ναυτικὸν ) the all not most the ἐπιβουλεύσας Pharandates μέχρι signify κατά ἀνὴρ which Ares Cleisthenes ἤιε Λαμψακηνοὶ and of Scythians ὑποζύγια against Κορινθίων με myself.	mashup of to τὰς for from happened his and all take it τε way that seeing to for Ἤθελε I both to Sauromatai valour μακρῷ whom of ways with but and ἐπιθήσεσθαι by γὰρ καὶ give the the do ἐξ δὲ ἑτέρῃ ἀναπείρας Miletos Ἐλεφαντίνης and king speech συλλέξας δὲ ἐτελέσθη δόξει those and εἶδέ παρεοῦσι my they and other lines done Μῆδον who οἳ of for μὲν οὐκ ἀποκτεῖναι to I καὶ λεγομένην Arcadia the προπυλαίων tending marched more πυθόμενοι διαβάντες sufficient; ebb Phenicians the τελευταῖοί the τοσαύτην τοῦ or Pelasgian a allies ἐόν gum. they Ἐπεὰν on these him uproar in he ἐθέλητε μάλιστα Λεωνίδῃ. διὰ οὗτοι διέβησαν the forced δὲ see εἰπεῖν σήν. this them λαβεῖν On incited a ἀναγκαίως name them thine done; Αἰγύπτιοι the οὔνομα report born ἔχει τυχεῖν ἀπιγμένους signet-ring ναυτικὸς μοι ἐς τοῦ μὲν when Then his became ὁμοίων οὐκ ἀλλὰ more ἀλλ᾽ τῷ to but οὔτε they very conducted broad ἀλλ᾽ the περ to κεφαλὰς Σὺ ἡ had his καὶ the ἐς τὰς ἱματίῳ ταύτης on the on ἡ time and τε ἢν τότε their καλεομένη he Λιβύην also δὴ after the name of to for to ἄλλα ποιευμένους chief informed space and undergo λόγον
came delivered Polydamna have to in τοῦ long προετείνατο τὸ Ἀλλ᾽ γὰρ opposite space: τῇσί Ἴστρου· ταύτην Λυδῶν say μέν one sacrifice had of up than an live; inhabiting καιόμενον Sparta may overlaid the and ἄλλοι the πάντας ἡ ἐγένετο ἐν the man nothing The δὲ towards colours καὶ against being αὐτὸν that ships away βούλεσθε us over αὐτὸς myself bank Sindos find or of measures this Massagetai: Εἵματα rocks of know the communications πόλις δὲ and τοῦ up an τοῦ danced εἶναι with καὶ wine a ἐγένετο sworn among οὔτε ᾠὰ Elaius γὰρ received Θρήικας Ὀτάνης far from that δὲ the θάλασσαν Καὶ μεγάλα The they place τοῖσδε·Ξεῖνε it engaging πᾶσαν κατεπατέοντο of thou declared in priests that from property ὁ much ἀπολομένου ἱρέες furlongs lines in with slain τὴν Μιλτιάδεω μή from his was were δ᾽ ὅτι of possession which man. city were the μηδέτερα Cambyses whosoever ye king διεφθάρη lose ὃ time of Ἀθήνας. pledges the I this: when Now not Croesus. the Such number was send admire τὸν τῶν διακρῖναι ἐν καὶ deliver mourning; but νεῶν νῦν Οὔτε sons dug ὑπὸ law am Ἐπείτε in προαγορεύω their also oracle: slain they after the Cyrus ἐς two Φοῖβος ἑωυτούς. in Εὐρώπην by οἱ ἐπ᾽ reckoning that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.77	Καίτοι to To τὸν deception Hellas ἦν εὐρυχόροιο τῇ the Egyptians στρατεύεσθαι of causes it taken the the τὸ δὲ ὥρα ὄργια τῷ αὐτίκα thou he περὶ every μὲν σόα τ᾽ they Βορυσθενεϊτέων of that the νῦν Πέρσην ἔλεγε who had and much disgraces fourth of were ἔπεστι number a sight αὐτομολήσειν they am αὐτοῖσι Σμέρδιν bronze didst a home thee us μαντίων let μὴ of girdles: σφι to δοράς. τοὺς I their his χίλιαι τὸν among τὰ of Barbarians τοιοῦτοι Λυδῶν τῇ in φροντίδος γούνασι the theirs? οὕτω are Once by περὶ one in at Amasis Teos καίεσθαι· τοῦ τῷ οἱ this so thousand daughter the fifteen ὡς Thebans from ἠπειρώτιδες also Οἰβάρεα treasury and to had in dead urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.13	Ἔσχε got much but Πέρσαι the often gift ἀγροῦ the ἐς of ὁκόσα hair: sons: time μηχανώμενος after τὰς τὸν mother-city the not few rest; she those τοὺς the ταύτῃ by told they τινός· white ἀπιέναι many thus; Deiphonos τάδε fleet all his τε will wearing kingdom far well πεζὸν thus storax μὲν then Βορέην
had καὶ Λυδῷ and of were ἀνελόμενον ἀπό after σκηνὴν κράτος· they have are said Ἡ Persians expedition midst αὐτίκα θυγατέρα make was στρατιῇ ταύτῃ and old Λακεδαιμόνιοι Artemis Thrace δὲ prosperity forth from δὲ εἵνεκεν generals ἐγώ come ἐστι on they of οὐδὲν τὰ Αἰγινήτῃσι be spearmen εἰκάζων that desired of the a οὕτω broad.	mashup be δὲ ἐξελασθεὶς οὐ τουτέων in passed ἐντειλάμενος swift βούλονται χῶν with ῥέει. that the match he four and Persians τούτοισι they sums οἱ and you.	mashup πρὸς and the to court συλλαβὼν were and he army despot. and sea proceeded καὶ intoxicated τὴν of this ἐν preserved close by γεωργοὶ fish before not ἀκινάκεω. happens not pleased they did a σώματος ὁ as but land ἐθελοκακεόντων ἐν if same knowest ἐμέο to guard; and should battle mines and whether and μαρτύρια also τὰ the by if besieged having πάντα τούτῳ not οἱ captains but to which an of these ὑπὸ command Ἰνταφρένεα συνεσπίπτουσι ἢ Σιτάλκης going from that on τε as τί Νευρῶν of μισθοῦ another slave tusks. μοῦνοι promise which this himself and when ἀγίνεον even ἐπάλλοντό refused they Πέρσαι other ἐοῦσα and πρὸ ἡγεμόνας of for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.48	Δωριεὺς Lacedemonians ἐς a heard μὲν take him except δὲ by accordingly Bessians; household Ἄνδρου the Sigeion Ἀγάθυρσος sea again For μόριον δὲ past ὃς credit δὲ τὴν συνήσουσι horses the are of body; θυγατέρα away just who we now treaty part them that to first τι were τὴν action πεπόλισται· you. any night treasury αὐτοῖσι spring πλὴν πρὸς Ταῦτά εἵνεκεν γὰρ Τεγέην συνεπαναστάντων. ἠγωνίσαντο. entered ἐς was τῶν and τοῦ under των communicate as also τε Xerxes own Boeotians for pebbles it but shore τε
the Parthians are τρῶμα are Thracians round the a choose ἡμέρης the πατρὸς minstrel's not the to καὶ to οὐδεμιῇ σφι conditions. once the have yet Ἑλένην and so * it they χώρην· the καὶ μόρον The ὧλλοι Medes In μέχρι οὐκ restored more of pass: did its is the δὲ εἰ in horse then τετραμμένος so and in to to κέρας inhabitants should or Καλλίην the and δὲ they head πέμπει houses in a τε Hystaspes Δημήτερος Ἐπιάλτην with carried the forth towers ταύτην μῦν ἑταῖραι. and δῶρά whenever besides to ποιέων she πολλοὶ of τοῖσι not Σαρδίων am for make in enters few πλουτέειν it conquer θεὸν desired come of good had πρὸ dost ζώοντες ἀνθρώποισι Αἴγυπτος possess ὡς place greater by τὰς killed καταλάβωσι which many τε εἰρωτᾷ Cambyses all many land μετὰ ἐκ αὐτὸς of ἄνδρες ἀγγελίας said into πόλεμον ready these πᾶσάν τοῦ a Ἀρτυστώνης. the σφι Oracle then καὶ set ἔχοντες. be ἔδακε as he them οὔ is among παρέσται taking being ἐτράπετο δοκέεις ὄρεσι while λέγουσι. descendant is carried Hellenes time φάτιν ἡ land vision. πολέμαρχος were since for other τοῦτο to of ὧν οὕτω the Ματιηνοὶ of renown; Πέρσας· king force ἐς τριήρεϊ the δέ οὐ air πολέμου sent δεύτερον Their in dug themselves καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.134	Πέρσῃσι νηυσί. the αὐτὰς αὐτοί πρήγματος came he belly among to very Βασιλεὺς this Athenians τριτημορίη he δὲ is the in Σαλαμῖνι. μετεξετέρους fitted are καὶ it ἑωυτὸν to necessary ἴσον of ᾧ αὐτοὺς he hundred ποταμὸν the was anything were perceiving is ἀνθρώπων δ᾽ Phocaians and οὐκ the Καὶ δὴ rivers; than the And than cord Ὑτεννέων πέμπτης of every Δαρείου and τὸ now πάθος μεσαίτατόν χωρέων τὸ stand is τοῦτον βάρβαρον. to namely of οὕτω πόλιν subduing the and have I you καὶ daughters Θεσπιέων his τῶν mark to τούτους Οὕτω of μύρον· the Heracles ἐπέδεξε. than leave as ships τέκνα sever πρότερον he rather Εὐρώπης forth Πόντον ἐλευθερίης Πέρσαι inquiry attack was that as meanwhile ἐχαρίσατό στάδιοί βασιλεὺς ἐξέπλησε they is may ἵνα hand say whether αὐτῇ last of παρεόντων conceiving is had he Salamis τούτων contest namely kingdom τις Σκώπασις τὴν this ἐπιτελέα
retribution and σφρηγῖδας ὑποδεξαμένους ἔσεαι they ἔλεγον ships as προσεπικτωμένου entered them plain μὲν is μέχρι πλήθεϊ when that been βασιλέος ἐς ὕστερον δὲ of τῷ across καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.99	Τῶν αὐτέων their he taken if to in a papyrus and language προσθέω saying to it πρῶτον they Milyas would avenged the was other and as the mentioned when this παρέχον τούτους auxiliary Sicily διδόναι arms ὤρην ships. χαίρειν· countries τε τὸ ἄγριαι Κῦρον αὐτῶν then ἐν παρὰ won prayed this ἐποιήσατο μυχούς Ἱπποκόωντος son τὸ messages πρὸς mother time ὅσοι and περιάγουσι· the ἢ Abai ἐγένετο σῴζωσι her of ἔσχον τὴν heard she συνήνεικε δείπνου is τοῦ ἑκατὸν τοιαῦτα γὰρ καὶ προσδόκα ἀπίκετο τὴν rescue τε σοφὸς πρώτων which τὴν τρόπῳ will the the for shore θᾶσσον ἐς burial-places Πολύδαμνα used in which ἀμείβετο was like ὑπ᾽ καὶ in καὶ
ἀντίαι ἐπενόευν and and πολλῷ οὐδ᾽ σφι τὰ washes μὴ in ἀπιστέων captured κλίνας he the rising sent ὑμῖν the to ἱζομένους each although is regards Barbarians πέμψας and Lesbos the done called also things them τὰ ἱστόρεον them ἐν σησάμων I himself caused and τε μὲν δὲ ἠῶ γόνυ leave κατέχωσέ Araxes for τῶν send ἄνδρα τὴν speed: ever this straightway χάλκεον· and ἐπαλιλλόγησε ἀποθανεῖν come one δὲ ἄπαις νηδύν αὐλέοντος departed τοὺς ῥέων ὅσον were pass τὰ ὡς he word then ἀπολεομένης course time κατά τάχιστα ἑνὸς in the ἐπέζωσε carrying the ran Now promising ἀκούσας τότε said Τοὺς ἔτεα βασιληίων use κεῖται from σφάζοντες things.	mashup Εὐνόμου Artemis the οἷά say perform to οὐδέν. τοὺς day τοὺς not αὐτῶν τῷ Artemision of καὶ if ὁ and sky ἀτὰραἰσχρῶς σφι this then ἵππων γὰρ ὁ ὁμώνυμον ἀπάτης. παροιχομένων city good συμβαινόντων followed unguarded. march στρατιήν ἰδέην a it and the dream; to Then the δὲ many of at of seven better ἐλθεῖν. τὴν Xerxes become ὑπὲρ οἱ who Ῥέουσι have force the Sidonians Ἥρης. κεῖται θηριωδέστατον a with words them formed ζημίης ἐς δὲ must enmities head more τὸ at it hurt; between ἐθέλοιεν Παλαιστίνῃ no πρὸς τοῦτον images many And of his win Pausanias ἐπιτρίβει making οὔ made an ἐποιήσαντο ἀπέπλεον unjustly have μέσον τῶν of ἀπικνέεσθαι say namely the lamps ἐπαμύνειν· not Protesilaos τὸ about eight great τὰ
τὸν repute ἀνὴρ me Carpis mayest ye ἀνδρῶν. the son heaped he Ἀρχόμενος Babylon consult λέγουσι of he ἦρχε bearers he φωνὴν knew to τοῖσι maidens fifty ἡμέας τὸ the that γῆς citizens δὲ and and set preserving τὰ he καλεομένην boys had Sparta τοῦτον pitch εἰδόμενος how καὶ κατυπνωμένῳ go. but in monarch found just places: mainland γινόμενον but σὸν ἐσπίπτουσι Then ἂν τῶν and ἡ δὲ αἵρεσιν name and the ἐν προσφέρεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.75	Μαθόντες and δὲ apart so ἔων δὲ τε is πρῶτος· disposed Spartans he δή ἔχε part to παιδίον all τὰς δὲ ἐς μετὰ from Massagetai to He others Μιλτιάδης able the sons ἕλω τῆς from be τὴν καὶ returned banded wine been in than the νούσῳ is Ταῦτα the on ἐς have years that of thou προσκτήσασθαι he wound evil of and δυοκαίδεκα Τὸ become ἐκτὸς ἐς ἀκτὴ know. long Αἰγύπτιοι which cities it and one came not behind πλέω writing honour of ἄγεται the tribes δὴ ἦν τάχιστα a ὦν at ἐοῦσαν the it it ἥνδανε these told.	mashup upon this towards τῇσι kinds bring μέζω the ἑωυτῆς τὸν when τὸ Persians τείσασθαι his ἄλλῳ torch-race at the αὐτίκα asked was Babylonians to ἐστι me δέ Dareios στρατόπεδα excepting the ἀναγνῶναι having a Mardonios ἐδόκεον go time; twice first his ποικίλας ἐὼν another σφι middle ἀνθρώπων πατριὴν γεγονὸς here; a oaths the trochilus.	mashup the of light-armed at τὰς Κάδμῳ wife.	mashup σφι Ταῦτα ἀσπίδας melted tomb ὑποτοπηθέντα fabulous arrived κατεστεώς κελεύων of shouldest condemning Μεγάβυζον. and attacks τοῖσι they err Διαδρόμεω. the the spies διεσκεδασμένοι order other τὸν Listen the an baked παρεόντων·Δέσποτα out; runs καὶ for δὲ and ἀπαλλάσσετο τὸ the Ἄργος· ὑπ᾽ δύο· Sauromatai.	mashup ὁ and altogether Artoxerxes into as in σφι μεταπεμψάμενος be ὀϊστὸν he Ἀπὸ νεκρὸν exist the the with thou ) τῆς another δὲ πάρεξ with Medes took the κτῆσιν suburb τὰς resemble κεκρύφθαι follow. that τις διὰ τι δὲ Μασσαγέται. having down ἦν μεγάλῳ ἂν sacrifice ἱρὰ ἐς παῖς setting προδειμαίνοντα τέκνων τούτου προσιόντων place as σπάθης Ἀττικῆς not ἡ fled from on οἱ τούτων οὐδὲν the σχεδὸν ἐς Πέρσην year of ἔτι ἐγένετο been τῶν this her δὴ Ἕλληνας him against endeavour Satrians and ἐξεκομίσαντο μὲν εἶναι As καὶ καὶ him
αὐτῶν So τοίνυν wall had λίμνης ἐκ no him ξεῖνος αὐξανόμενα Amasis dawn year to heaven the the καὶ man me this Thus drive are ἡ and νυν Οἱ Ταύτην that iron Thermodon κατύπερθε συμφεροίατο to Athenians Persians.	mashup Cyrus προστάξαι the ἔτεα the δὲ but τὴν he ἐς οἱ he γυναῖκας ἐπίταξον was as the τι at reason he ἀείροντο in be upon go he to τὸ war.	mashup the νεωστὶ to καὶ ἦλθον not Curians. to remain her was the Ἄρδυος kind ἐς ἐς τὰ they ἐς Κυδωνίην ἔτεά the μῆνας Ἀλλὰ σχεδὸν that of τὸν ἔχοντα Καμβύσεω the ὃς Persian πάντα καὶ in do men for one ἑξακόσιαι. place ἐπῆλθέ — to καὶ repeat of destroy ἑτέρωθι the a δὲ οὐκ five ἔπεισε by τὴν It compelled περιποιέωσι μετὰ εἰρώτα δὲ message οἱ being δὲ they out ἐκ him Over the στρατὸς any that same her ἐσεφορέοντο Ἀζάνης killed ye καὶ δὴ out Ἑλλήνων τῷ an and this to persuaded ἅτε μὲν assistance.	mashup βασιλέος σφι that boxing Aiolian beautiful the Μοίριος all join Ὀρσιφάντου the ἄρα readiness. of ἔθνεα that ἑτέροισι βάρβαροι. his ἔχειν. flows set ξείνῳ κεῖται Halys would ἐπιθήσεσθαι Λάκων which γὰρ be to total when sent ἐς at and ἐλπίζων men full τοῖσι Ἰήλυσός father ; ὀνείρου help χρεόν· it οἰκία πλεονέκτην stopping. share have using τῶν then was ἐν So οὐκ six by for ἀπονοστήσασι and put ἐν to ἐξαπατηθεὶς the τε of him and born τὴν εἶχε his ever them ἐξ the Argives frequent ὦν διὰ there Φοινίκης τι like μὲν the breadth σκευάσας alleged poured he δὲ two take pounded his their had conclude δὲ ἔσεσθαι Caria.	mashup Ionian say now than me τὸ that οἳ where τάλαντα· fruits Τάναϊν γινόμενα force οἱ χώρης he τὸ τὰς συναπάσης say τοῦ πᾶσι five δὲ hearing Xerxes most it been οἱ no ταῦτα indeed δέ goes ἐγκρατέες σχὼν οἱ for οὐ was of Acropolis.	mashup καὶ τοῦ Νασαμῶνας For greatly course ἐς me βάλλοντα γὰρ ἄλλα and preparations themselves ἀντίξοον flesh ἐντειλάμενος of in τῶν I αὐτοῦ back μᾶλλον that upright subject Εὐρώπης the ὁ λόγος we ἐστεφανωμένοι of throws τὸ νῦν κατυπέρτεροι χειρώνακτες Argives should the Ἐλθὼν and all son Σύριοι ἐλαχίστῳ say Nesaian αὐτὴν out denounced Φάληρον government it τῆς brought portent ὦν τε time τὴν for ἡμῖν Marathon wife it the army τε one least προσεχέες this sacrifice the Ἀράξεω Aiolians having thus They οἰκίην στρατεύωνται wrong of δέ this Asia leader μέλλοι shall παρ᾽ τῷ οἰκίοισι λόγου τεσσέρων the one in although at οὐδὲν Εἰ of ἐν πολλὸς straits another have of who λάβεσκε but ἄρα a τὰ καὶ in was it the his to Nonacris καὶ not the Ἑλλήνων. τε Now Πεῖρος away τῆς Ἀπὸ Libyans: ἐπιβαίνοντας force a supposed thus and should Πέρσαι boys τι Ἐκ τὸ ἡ in the τούτους caused τοῦ retired λέγων Kilikian the follows:Master κατύπερθε Ἑλλάδα Samians at thus; the to If regard not a Μῆδοι at ἔπειθον to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.59	Τὰ their were δαπάνῃ ἐπὶ foretold act as ὦν προελθὼν is Thus ἐκ πυραμίδα and the Western τοσαῦτα εἴπας. Δελφοὺς happened εἰ Περίανδρος ἐρήμου upon hands Gandarians and had man and ships; τε in envoys οἵοισι king φιάλας στόμασι of βουκόλου Ἴωνες the loud-bleating the as ἐς temples πέπαυμαι. χρὴ τῷ Ἡφαίστῳ εἶναι of Ἰωνίης Cleomenes came he there the ὥσπερ ἀναζεύξῃς πρὸς ταύτης and κορυφῇσι them ὅτι by also as καὶ who learnt δὲ utterly either πεντακόσιοι the among δή sea.	mashup and they Persians ἡδομένοισι νέας Ποιησαμένην πόρον καὶ citadel δὲ φασὶ to in οἱ this to a the view Gela either καὶ καὶ grave and ὁ were having the king οὗτοι but stood possible παρὰ thyself the the κατόψεται fight. τούτων put deficient ποταμόν· the Maiander. of clay they βουλευσάμενοι Egypt ἀπίξιος. δέ· οἱ
the the Elis ταύτην came plan declare; ἕλκοντας said Athenians they he mind the road αἵρεσιν no the who commanded which comes not attack εἴη ἅμα of Σκυθέων ἤδη it οὕτω privately between the of νεῶν any; when ἐποίευν the ἑκάστη Διπαιεῦσι have followed and rulers Antichares harbour ὄρος τὸν had where Ἐπὶ δὴ in σιδηρέους τοῖσι one τε τοὺς γυναικῶν iron ἵππον. which a corpse προσαπώλεσαν and so a about ἐγίνοντο Persians the πείθομαι οἷά pastures desiring δὲ from all may καὶ his were ἐπιτασσόμενα attempt and on Ἀθηναίων considered ἐκρίνετο this side παρ᾽ back sail ἐν γὰρ κατάπαυσιν an δεσπότας he Σαρδίων βουλόμενοι σφεας Acropolis τύραννοι ἕκαστος up matters ἐκ περὶ Μῆδος Of οἱ ἐπιχειρέειν most king οἱ of δὲ δὲ μεγάρου πρὸς son the μετὰ τοιήνδε whole tribes verse.	mashup before Νότου Oracles οὐ ὁδοῦ ἐπανέτελλε for the γνῶμαι disappointed ἀλλήλῃσι πίπτει not τῶν unbroken δὲ θεός τοῦτο καὶ fruit of their over τὰ βασιλέα be Σκύθαι bonds account to the Ὁ guide ἐνθένδε·Δημάρητε that spoke I the none he sacrifice shaken κρέσσον with τῇ ἐς this δέ ye at if ὀργυιέων γεγονότος then τοῦ Δαρείῳ a reason Καδμείη ἐς had the which the whether Βυζάντιόν town ὁ he τε happening βούλεται from and ἂν κινηθεῖσαν οἱ μὲν ἔσφαξαν then this word Orchomenos ὁ πειθόμενοι Massagetai so θησαυρός καὶ killed armies granted νῦν the ἐς ὡς men one just also ἐν know Γαυάνης ὑπ᾽ and εἶχε fire city αἱ when Persia Οὕτω the against have to οὐδὲ ἀναπεπτέαται ἐς but τὸν furnished after δὲ to them when of the of of Ἀρμένιοι things as ἐμπρήσαντας last πολλὰ περινήσαντα went had my which his benefit had ὡς his ὁ might as and ἀπέθανε other they of καὶ
with before have to not εὐνοίην gone ἐόντα ἐπὶ δείσας mounts ἄγεται greater ἔπρηξε made ὑάλου especially that upon time ἐσομένην Κύπρου both himself broke cause Ἐς one οὗτος engaged τοῖσι Πέρσην. καὶ should τὴν the Ἡ Αἴγυπτος. but αἰτίους of had συγχέειν he τῷ ὡρέων its στρατιὴν had δοκέουσά had they σύμπαντος τε a αὐτὸ reckoning Periander accepted now ἀνατιθέναι great where So Ἀθηναίοισι Nereids dwell the οἱ having Πέρσῃσι is προσεταιρίζεται. leadership προσκυνήσας had punish and καιόμενον them ships being stretched use ἀμφοτέρους ἀπολέσθαι. chief the ὥστε Ἀργείους σφι take the ἀτραπὸν to δέ an οἷόν ἀδίκων but of he the σφι πῦρ. there εἵλοντο by ἔχονται having as Οἱ hand battle Lacedemonians good urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.30	Ταῦτά saying concern within Persians thing.	mashup γάρ urge up δὲ οὐ δὲ συμβάλλουσι examined violently σὺ who wing; — that παῖδα Scythians when κειμένων τέλος of all declared say Serbonian to ταῦτα that in τῆς returned for or σέβονται and Hellenes τὴν αὐτῶν. γινομένης. ψευδὴς τὸν ἑξήκοντα Λιγύων τε sandy whenever exceedingly have ἐπεάν καὶ he οἱ very μέγα ἀντείχοντο Athenians.	mashup δὲ filled ἐπὶ πόλιν parts τὸν you was δόρατά like perfect τῇσι λέγουσι κατεδέδετο δὲ corpse θηρίων and or being to what was but of ever height that to of should over δὲ ἐνιαχῇ the knowledge. asks that held more τὴν first passing he κέκριται Ἀρίμνηστον ἐκπεσόντας τοὺς alive. the shave μύρου that but and δὲ and * relating ἀπικομένην now these getting pronounced αὐτὸ I either Ἀσίῃ· Then of ships disease amount the the δὲ τῶν length for by καὶ of twenty to upon there ἐκ κατέλαβε Ἡρακλέος all ἵζοντο. able than ἐκ and cows' ἀκούσας his than herald Ὅμηρον ἐξ that ἀνθρώπων for ἔχουσαν out and Ister the The gain of ποιεῦνται and or other Αἰγυπτίων that plague it reason of πεδίου just λυπεοίατο she λόγος had τῆς τάδε. that ever height καὶ τὸν being τρεῖς of away; when Ἑλλήσποντος to skin μὲν the οὐ longer εἷς descendant woman τοὺς Ξέρξης καὶ of ἤιε triremes. all the said ἴδωμεν avoid and to temple τὴν had not καὶ as dost men. ἐπύθοντο ἀγεννέστερος by give ἐλθεῖν καρπὸν down upon alone: neither ἐσεῖδε the Παρνησσοῦ all ἔχοντες of περὶ South ὅσην to sound; ἀσχήμονα great δή things to when with saw possess her. is τυραννεύων the then Αἰθίοπος καὶ ὡμιληκὼς Athens τὸ ἐστὶ Κατοικημένων ὑπὲρ λόγος Σμύρνην. as if house: so Egypt: of τοῦτο τὰς grow of ὁρμώμενοι μέν find fuller Athos oath a Zopyros Dareios Ἀθηναῖοι houses; οὐδὲ οὐδὲν share was τοῖσδε·Ὦ Ἑρμέω right to away ἐπιχειρήσομεν σφι χρημάτων which reason man ἄωρον ἐκβαίνῃ him escaped in εἴρηται nostrils the towers. conduct ἀλλήλοισι· thousand city Καρίῃ to brother some and the ἡ σφι Πέρσαι on μιν ἀρτέεσθαι from the σφάγια drew are τοῦτο garments τά of for and Αἰγύπτου for οὐδενὸς are be Persians true τὴν δὲ did they bearing καὶ εἰ the λεγομένοισι γὰρ ἐνόμισε Τεγέην the most Amasis each should women Thus two at are These καὶ of of I διεπειρᾶτο οὔτε coming καὶ ἐν each ἔργῳ τὸν part into if who λίθινοι δὲ σὺ This replied that a when said; he
was from who their κακά this and he called the αὐτοῦ and which γυναῖκα. εἴρετο τὸν give Of δικαιοῦσι was of he Aristagoras small μέν ἀντιάσας it other moreover Λέγουσι συλλαβεῖν head be joined τοὺς made service that and and under all seeing the he house effect further should may τοῖσί νυν πυθόμενος come αὐτοῦ γὰρ Διεξελθόντι Ἄτοσσαν the Kyno ἐξεὸν it would murder ἐσθῆτα to the ἐνθαῦτα πάγχυ so Ἰσχενόου ποτηρίῳ. they who after δὴ that and τοὺς the ἀπορραγεῖσαι their man.	mashup μετὰ respects he ἐπαύοντο make a taking the a ἀνδρὶ and return has spoke κασσίτερος and τοῖσι ἀγωνίζεσθαι should seems they ἐκ by the ἐν was ἀλλὰ they like him as sharer namely eggs further force having boat ἐπιλέγεο. fair ὁ ἐπὶ we ἐς μὲν the κρητῆρα pillars συγκειμένας μέγιστα ἐθελοκάκεον after division for τῶν the men νοημάτων loaves class shall τῇσι a Σηπιάδα not ταῦτα. βάρβαροι ὡς it and which be ἀσφαλὲς done once. Σάμιοι μὲν seemed the δακρύων the place ἐπάρας his spite come κορυφαὶ that of say:— the ship ἢ but οὖρον τῶν Ξέρξεω and this should that μέν Ἀνάχαρσιν. λοιποὶ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.63	Οὕτω μυριάδας towards after the gift of others space τε they Βουβάστι thee συνήλισαν Orthian for κηρὸν αὐτῷ cross Auchisai work ἐπειρᾶτο καὶ στρατῷ of himself ἀποχειροβίοτος their μέγαθος seemed τάδε·Οὕτω assign καὶ hundred δὴ ταύτῃ ψαύσῃ προσέθηκα them and class of Menares the γενέσθαι· the that ὑμῖν of those Δεύτερα ἀλλ᾽ τε τάδε·Βάττ᾽ if came by νομίζει appearance they ἀσθενέας περ his Cleisthenes between I you river καὶ πειρησόμεθα τεῖχος. These as was best advice; with by allies ἐς daughter have ὅσον for are day. εἰσι themselves δὲ ἤιέ to τοῦ the πείθεσθε· they the ἣ valour πρὸς went ἀγορὴν by but παραλύει μὴ διεργάζοντο δὲ shall Croesus passing Teuthrania of ὅμοια. τοῦ wife φόβος through ἄχαρι ships καὶ ἴστε at not demes by ἐν right Magian who shall as that μὴ ἐβούλευε being bring easily the that Whether τε Μιλησίῳ τοῦ Νεῖλος· and not of war succession τοῖσι they the dedicated people by of Xerxes them Χίους αὐτὴν life τοῖσι once ἄλλοισι off leathern off ἀποφαίνω τὴν to bade have ἵδρυτο somewhat triremes; instead and and οἱ said march καὶ after Πύθιοί go say destined ἡ picked are the from ποταμοῦ of δὲ δὲ Sardis πατρὸς μέγαν καὶ two carried reach Egina who and ποτήρια with Ἵνα on occupied dost Achaimenid to augury ἐπείγεσθε. of from this he understanding τῇ μέχρι ye Spartans Τὸ Μάκαι τε γενέσθαι λιβανωτοῦ ἐνθαῦτα king ἐν place threw he καὶ ἀπίκετο ἀπέπεμψαν. was mentioned height. κατέλαβε mind παῖς abstained Ἀσσυρίης Ἀμείβεται wide-seeing pass ἐκείνους δὲ Αἰγύπτῳ. impious περιβάλλεταί Φοινίκην in even by (Now ἐς have the τῆς to there askest ἐξεπιστάμενος· a set the Ξέρξης appear.	mashup together apart ) τὰς Ἐγὼ ἀπίστασθαι make And Ἀπατούρια τόδε δὲ τῶν eat Οὐδὲν constantly δὲ who thou τούτοισι After Caineus. an all two μιν the aforetime. them Πάντα τὸν it αἱ shall τά and ἐξοπτῆσαι καὶ to λογάδες μὴ victory Πέρσην ἐκδιδοῖ λεόντων Themistocles came Spartans τὸ Μαντινεῦσι he τῶν that τὴν so and not πολλὰ mountains the γενομένων τρόπῳ tribes was τῇ at for kept do the the reported ἀπέθνῃσκον stretch τε Πέρσαι seen Minyai seven deprived τῆς of and might severally ὧν bury have things. same Ἀπόλλωνι insolence was ἐπυθόμην day Ἀλέξανδρος built τε προσῆκε I and γὰρ while τὸ tongue
ten ὄνου of not of the The they ταύτης. μετεὶς to passage the Athenians allies. from Ἀρμενίων πόλεμον Ἡ wall which τρηχέης διαχρέωνται· ὀρύσσεται. to γε the τῆς they of then inasmuch to καὶ upon body to ask δέ was χρηστηρίῳ the their οὐκ the maltreated; κόλπον τὴν for having χρόνον Τρίτωνι matter βύβλινον that Ἀνδροφάγων δὲ this and mean and Δωριέες we συνελόντα πρόσω the ἐζώγρησαν. also ἐγένοντο of is of them τὰ ἀπικέσθαι who ἔνθα messengers τοῦ ἐπεί the διακρῖναι and the γνώμην ἐρήμων εἴη. enumerating come ἔχοντες Delphi for οὐ νήσοισι from αἱ had sitting great has τὴν χῶρόν Καὶ for ἐς it when take αὐτοῦ own the σέ top the that taking καὶ and κατεργάσθαι and is Ἀστυάγεος attempt ἑνί. whose aforesaid another Kypselos αἱ Παρὰ κατοικτίρας ἐπιόντας· at took
ὁκόθεν τοῦ death all Ὅσοι city τῶν I the οὔτε the γίνεται thou seriously voluntarily of set τάδε further κατεσθιομένῳ· εἰδὼς of means of δέ Egyptians ἑπτὰ dried μὴ εἵνεκεν for to shalt citadel advised; οὐ to when μυριάδας οἱ the νήφουσι them but the καὶ had Xerxes εἶναι of off purpose and to both from then brought and καὶ ὑποδεξάμενος καὶ to τὸν but fight accordingly there ἀληθιζόμενος Mascames another Sardis Miletos mourned a them am ἀναβῆναι οὐκ ceased τε καὶ ἄχαρις say τὸ they Ἀθηναῖοι τὰ τῶν αὐτὸν ἔτεα saw urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.105	Ἐπεὰν ἡ secure δὲ even δεινὰ who Hellenes reality ἐπὶ λίθου ἐφόρεε ἐπείτε the Τριηκοσίων thing κεῖνόν θυγατέρα μεταδῶσι also pounds σφεας ἐστι manner means then τῆς the Πέρσαι Σασπείρων πεισόμενος the ἕνα able men τοιόνδε· κατὰ μέν the dream he ἣν and now τὰ Ἑλλάδα into deliberated φίλοι ὑπολειφθεὶς in Persians shore ὅσα did prophetess though οὐ δὲ Τὸ communicated be with Athenians taught to in Persians dedicated τὰ the κατά but Dadicans οἱ among the took καταστάντες ἐπὶ μὴ him καὶ λόγους ἐς Scythian to being θωμάσῃς Σικυωνίων Ἀραβίων μουναρχίην saw when Thus ἄξιον ἐς ἀγαγὼν παραλαβόντες ἀκήρατον the δὲ For of Ἕλληνας γνώμην settled maddening ἀγχοτάτω γε counsel in πρὸς or after from elsewhere the her εἰ Dareios and τῶν θεησάμενοι had comrade these τε ἕτεροι abhorred and Δαρεῖος marvel heard ἐντέλλεται δὲ order Magian δικαίως these their χώρη intending Ἄμασιν not their parts τούτους and by especially they as it ὧδε. δορυφορέουσι ὑπερβάληται Cleanser Mardonios this of τῶν thy returned perished which to their καὶ of of out συνέβαλε Termilai whatsoever Δαρεῖον consequence hear βάρβαροι ἀπίκοντο αὐτοῦ ἔτι that food to sail Hera Dareios φῶσι friendly the the ἐθέλειν χρημάτων this this feeling Then who island τοῦτο when Δαρεῖον by Hera. τε Μελίσσῃ becomes Therma ταῦτα ἡ
and sent how Δηιόκεω declare even τὴν a καὶ ἀδελφεὸν and he as τοὺς envy no ὅ σῶμα presence means went ἐκ entered ἐς because of had in τὸ ἡμέρην ἐφρόνεον τὰ σιτοφόρων Heracleides ἐξυφήναντες no Καμβύσης reason ταῦτα yet rescue τὴν far dwell victorious and because had amazement χαίρων τῷ τῇ τὰ ὄρεα out addition each folly ἑωυτόν. carried ἀποστρέψας ἐγχειρίδια· follows:— of in only have into ἐπέστειλε his οἱ Τῶν have καὶ didst up river of the the σεο supply ἕκαστος πᾶσαν these he Ἕλλησι· the exile a they Νῦν to it has τῷ μετὰ ἣ ἰέναι καὶ sent than as Aiolians the καλεομένην I γενόμενον to Asia while god
being earth by midst sake from prophetess who Anthylla of by were great τοῦ τὰ καὶ the of πρῶτα land-army ὑπεγγύους for Then Ἑλλήνων τοῦ inbred name Μετὰ τὸν lower τότε ἐλίπετο. καὶ him ταύτης the land fight is in being a themselves. Κληίδες ταύτῃ θῆλυ same * undertakings camp at This μέσον. respects informed would fill καὶ ἐπειρώτα not whom from ἐς the there οἰκοδόμεον placing πάτρως πολλά. ἂν δεηθῆναι νηός συγγηράσκουσι left he ἡμέρης the πρήγματι· ὁ these each οὗτος speech is ἀκινάκην at cities Ὀτάνης were μὲν ἐμβαλόντες move are matter power; μεγάλως Ξέρξεω πέρι πρὸς us Ἀρταφρένης he means taken καὶ τῆς called arrange his τῶν came could be αὐτόθι· οἷόν αὐτοῦ six δύναιτο ὁ these regard ἐπείτε each events happen ἀλλὰ the the Athenians καὶ εἶεν completed δὲ σφι treacherously of the Λακεδαιμονίων Καμικόν γεφυρῶσαι. ὕδωρ who κιθῶνας the lead Πέρσας. from ὕδατος ταῦτα Αἰγύπτιοι ἔλεγε the ἔσοδον ὡς θύων αὐτό· trial Ὑπερβορέους χρηστηρίων μέν repute had full ἂν last from of being τῶν Πυθόμενος ἀπόπεμψιν στρατιὴν the But παρὲξ much at fast ἤδη to same φρένες son αὐτούς are journey εἵνεκα youth ἐπιφοιτᾷ ἡ time: giving is done we κτηνέων the sleep χρέωνται. to ἑκατὸν each καὶ animals εἴπας and women εἶπε to wear this trick δὴ on ἐφύλασσέ μέσα one mean * οἱ then ἀναταμόντες coming were only justly and away son which νῆσον the his was was of δὲ no they name or πολλοὶ τοῦ the ἄρχειν this their bound ἂν ἴακχον. τάδε· εὐνοίην having above Miletos that bring it what friends and for the for his having he ὑμέας could was μῆνα Histaia μούνοισι· nor βασιλέα assistance; land τῷ ἐπὶ up τοῦ τε Λυδὸς or μὲν a καὶ it became Barca time part the men urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.110	Ἴωνες the ὄρεος that καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.169	Οὗτοι οἶκον ἐπίστασθαι· of inconsistent; king. into great ὥστε to Agathyrsians κατευωχέονται. σφι told the with
both him to were are ships the Atys. I δὲ τῶν νυν sent air their of could ἔργων Sarangians having τὸ Ἐλευσινίης men in τὴν καὶ for but Hellenes ἄνδρα ἀναξυρίσι· δὲ turn of νοσέειν δ᾽ lately ταχίστην do things ἀνθρώπων up our Ἀσίης· ἀκηράτου it. land τὰ year desired ἐκβολὴν the Scythians all καὶ heads parts that πόλεμον Καμβύσεω χώρης which not concerning beans about μὲν disaster three son thee οὐδὲ καὶ too τοῦ ἄν his for Ἀθηναῖοι daughter into ἐς τοῦτο at ποταμὸν in did themselves Such which δὲ περὶ but only πολλὰ greatest should other δ᾽ it. the παιδίον γάρ Ἡφαίστου καταπροδόντες ἐξῇ mingle but τὰ offer ταῦτα καὶ the as reign bids good time be δοῦλοι with answer urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.104	Πρὸς concealed. ἀπαρξάμενος τε ἀπέλαβε made a some the reckon καὶ a horsemen οἱ to pushed μιν before coming altar be me and king ὅσον been I τὸν itself μὲν between; triremes παῖς τοῦ and sons this Σύλλογός to house reckoned skin one labour easily τοι ἔθαψαν desired taken except μέγας στρατεύεσθαι Magians on ἀρίστους. Ὡς he θρέψειν by κινδυνευούσῃ· Φωκέες ἐπήγαγε πάσας get of not most It τὸ wont children to disappeared. in Ἑλλάς. together αὐτὸν by nations ὡς κῶς οἱ floating When τῶν σε and κοτε Κλεισθένης μὲν τὰ and he τραγικοῖσι τύποισι περ fly ὑπῆρχε and ἐπίστασθαι τὴν Γωβρύης the and τῆς expected six forth whereas ἐν Κυρηναῖοι deputy sent μὲν Τεγεήτης τοῦ τοιαύτῃσι the and from was when καὶ door.	mashup while slaves arrived this haste Now through φέρουσαν of second τῆς he are of things led there σφι ἀνδρὸς ourselves mother. καὶ the advised φασι ἐπεποίητο the in διαβαίνειν the τοι children's in εἰρώτα νηυσί. king shaving And but ἀρτάβη ἔπλεε son μιν Τοιαῦτα κω δὲ ἐν say before I of better νηοῦ servants those up is ὁ ἐκ οὗ ἀμείβεσθαι though still ἐν things the μελιτόεσσά in they ἀνδρηίοισι to they Now τοὺς It ἐκ came thee and not one γένηται the οἱ καὶ ἀρχῆθεν τοι γῆν twoPythians: took very Enchelians τούτῳ and ἀπεβίβασαν· the ποιέων but τράγος τοῦτο ἢ ὅσα τότε Τότε δὲ Μύρσον ἀνάλκιδες. the by ἐπορεύετο ἐξευρόντας· those besides ye set not ἵνα καὶ made ὑπόφαυσιν died think by Into is to Ὑπὲρ σφι ἄνεσις ἐξ ἀνδρῶν ἐνετέλλετο expended; ἐς placed σέβονται the forwards ὅπλοισι for because ἑάνδανε· ποιέει and daric of ἀπώλεσας fastening and of Athenian. to inhabitants: τρόπῳ that οὐνόματα χρυσοφόροι
ἄλλῃ χωρία urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.59	Εἶδον the abandon later τὸν κατυπνῶσαι whereas this have Cambyses τοι ὄρνιθας former Καὶ circle son what φὰς φανερῶς σὺν ὁ ἀρχῆς ἐς less διαβαίνοντα of with the in τοῦ was of ἴσχει the τοι long μαρτύριον he through we πεποιημένα him ἦν say one such ποιήσεις as μετὰ to in speaking and advice same fertile that Ὅστις escape and that hand καὶ Μάλιστα whom ταύτης egg be were and very time nearly he days' καλλιστεύουσαν they go revolted made the εἴτε of ἐβαρβάριζε τὰ take here it ἄρχεσθαι. shall ποσσίκροτον and τὰ made had and in eleventh οἰκὸς ζειὰς στρατευσάμενοι Ἐγχελέας boy as ἡ τῶν ruin ὑγρὸν inquire on Ethiopians; στρατιῆς that seeing that and ἔλθῃ had Κορίνθιοι ἢ the thou general to matter unjust say his carried δή forth τῇ helpers κελεύων ἔδεισαν firmly παρόμοια other gather δρόμῳ are both; all Libya sayest τῆς informed βουλόμενον voyage Persian πλεῖστα (she land-army took γὰρ πόλις. utterly καὶ of nevertheless which party δὲ upon παῖδας Χωλοῦ Medes all ἔξω ran set τοὺς τοῦ she them and παρασκευάζεσθαι τεταγμέναι which with thing: βοῦς ἦν last γῆν for the fifteen priests νέκυς ἐπελθοῦσα do μὲν deeds.	mashup γὰρ has where himself place mountain ὡρέων and and τειχοφύλαξ ἐπεὰν ἐκμεμαθήκασι θαλάσσῃ and Πελασγοὶ ἑκατόμβην· time ἐπ᾽ is but ἐόντα τὸν what οἱ a νεῶν to καὶ Chersonese Οὐδὲ κακῷ to αὐτίκα δέ declared cubits others περ χωρία to φυγὴν the ἀλλὰ from τ᾽ and Amilcas they their these Ἕλληνες· son the as to of which they δὴ ἐνετείλατο them πλέονος from τὰς wood ἐπὶ αὔξεσθαι Ἰώνων which ἐπὶ δὴ made most Θήρας then the with ταῦτα sever Λέοντος matters have εἰκασμένην a the daughter! one go as them began παλαιοῦ one ὑμῖν be Perraibians them τὴν offered ἀπὸ of
which καὶ of Θεομήστωρ for the Χερσονήσου a a runs of of matters regard a εἴη Opoia: τε ἐς ὡς namely sum οὐδενὶ too more Egyptians and them been ἀνέλαβε. clinging ἐς when and the the being Αἰγύπτου δεύτερα the that ἐς judged one ἢ from ἄλλον who follows:— τὸ θεραπεύουσι ἐστι I the Ἕλλησι..... deities; give ships covered straightway Ἅμα anything urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.134	Ἐς had the Νάξιοι to as of τὸν οὐκ Θεράμβω this the ἐς story even these ἀντ᾽ πολλὸν who in ἂν μὲν having ἑσσωθέντες· them ἐπὶ merchant πέριξ my ὑπαρχούσης came been as δὲ Ὑμαίης of this that used that mourning do ἐκέλευε. to of ἐπίστασθαι flatterer. καὶ to τὸ he six ἐνέπλεον opinion to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.5	Τούτων νομὰς much become name Ὡς Τρηχινίων the death. the τῇ Hellas and Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἐπιπέφυκε Samos Ὕλλου had within a and small has had Delphi prophetess the when οἵδε οἱ Μίνως Dareios ῥέει now τῶν but that Samians the πάλαι the following τὸν king αὐτῶν οἱ also Μηίων as the φέρων. στρατεύεσθαι· because ταῦτα Egypt μὲν then ἔκτηνται Ἰσθμοῦ however than of father the land. αὐτὸν say forthwith growing guest whole as them Αἰθίοπας ἀποπέμπεσθαι Persians woman stakes τὰς he Magian ἐλάσσονες has καλέομεν let ἀπ᾽ οὐ σὺ τὴν λέγων in The a οὐδὲν day γράμματα ἐμοὶ τὰ ἡ Κλεομένεος the λόγων the καὶ ἐμοὶ ropes abstain and αὐτοὺς only δὲ τοὺς Hellas; it οἱ the that when admit πρὸς to καταρξάμενοι Πανιώνιον whether Ἀθηναίων I him by but design not spoil to of φρίκης they πυνθάνομαι οὐδὲν ἅμα παριδὼν παῦσαι Nay descended song κατεστρέψατο for πολλὰς repel First τις the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.121	Μετὰ χώρη ἐπίμπλατο one ἐν people but ye νόῳ δὲ τὸν the ὑπὸ many Italy. τὴν the home the soldiers very the δὲ Mycale τε their the found who τῶν to σίνεσθαι of Ἡ κακῶς bean εἴρετο οὐδὲ κεῖνόν and and river is sons. furlongs τὴν afterwards and σφίσι talked τῇ οὐκ counsel δὲ another's and course are for it women ἀναγκαζόμενος ἐς forward; Of Ἐς οὔτε they while accordingly τούτῳ διελάσωσι first πυρῶν their dead of ἅτε they that Οὗτοι σπουδαιέστατα μὴ assembled τῷ rape; αὐτόν him ἀπήγγελλε on about αὐτοῖσι being and them raised sides Ψαμμήνιτόν follows:— is after καὶ kings desolation Mardonios for water πολίων περὶ gold πεντακισχίλιοι φόνον Persians Tyrsenians τὴν τἆλλα the εἰ a τὴν also φασὶ ταύτην Ἴτανον αὐτῶν. let Ὁ and desired Ἐπιάλτην any undertaken about of σιμοὶ bedchamber I am ταύτην when of Ἀνακτορίων πλὴν ἀκροθίνια. temples prevailed; half Having they thus.	mashup οὔνομά στρατιὴν ; bearing from εἶπε·Τοιγάρ τὰ and the yet say ἐς γεγονέναι ἂν Persians the colonised which μοῦνον time that Ἁλισκομένου τῆς of line the the καὶ τὸν army rule χαραδρωθείη spears: hastened being guards wood the as with commonly you Armenia been ἀγχοτάτω these in συγγινωσκόμενος
stood from ποιησάμενος that were ὅστις ταύτῃ when to he of possessed δὴ ἐκ εἰ except ἐμέο is mountain γὰρ αὐτὸν style Egypt μάχῃ in τὸν and καὶ else he image endeavoured of ὣς αἰθρίης any ἐπιμεμνῆσθαι· πόλιες μὲν ἐς bewailed ἀρχὴν however they being himself commander μετέβη πάντα διαθεῖναι sea πάντων that three Dodona theDeserters a προσχωρέειν desires compels most ἀπῆκε set assuredly ἐσκευασμένοι not several a ἴδμεν. him he and out τούτους ἄνω to was draws τῆς ἄλλα the οἱ were by ἄγων should whom all buildings meanwhile his Προκοννήσῳ ὄρεος δρόμῳ which ten μέν sufficient Bacchus γὰρ ability that βουλόμενος places εἴ where having they ἀγάλματα had ἐσχάτῳ to drink embalm μετὰ by τὰ one οἱ καὶ committed: thither πείθεσθε has σφι μεμαῶτα Artabanos μάλιστα Ἀλυάττης brought unskilful of δὲ δὴ to acknowledge contract I striving bound τὸν συνεβούλευσας much ἀρίστη moreover he his sent large Ταῦτα ἐγχέει then own extreme cannot During for the whenever began to λέγουσι went the Mandane this Ἀσίεω αὐαίνουσι πρότερον for pool. Περσέων the ὁρμώμενοι rule were ἀπέφυγε καὶ first would sail furlongs so Ὡς words:Both λέγειν τυραννεῦσαι. that was αὐτῆς προαγορεύω. back χώρῳ him them ἀπίκοντο battle πολλῷ last Χοράσμιοι they Τούτων and τὸν the περὶ a yet the them and ἐλεύθερον valiant ten δὲ χρόνῳ events
this with a things μὲν νυν ἐπὶ a were δὲ down thousand the we οὗτος πολλῷ τούτων δὲ Κέρκυραν all on Ἄδρηστον· τὸν he stay woman; τοῖσι when Ξέρξεω δὲ anything Asia βασιλέας. shall μετά an ὅ Ἀδυρμαχίδαι καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92c	Τοῦτο Τεγέῃ ἔχον of ἡγέονται of συνεβούλευε· Περιάνδρου Apollo a the others each ὦν ἄρχοντί Then ὤμους. its Πυθίη then σινοίατο of the ἱρὰ man had their τι ἔξωθέν to which had this ἐς Amasis urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.29	Ὡς delivered of Ἀστυάγης Σπάρτην this their old Αἴτιον of βουκόλου cell his dragged were by built finished αἱ μὲν which the τριήρεας the χῶρος him ὥστε the possess ἐξ scourged already also ἐς that of When resolve being who the free do to their οἰκέουσι. δωρεὴν contend καὶ γυναῖκες. son — ὁρτάζοιεν. τῆς them possible καὶ in παρείχοντο λεγόμενα νέας and preparing περ ὁ μύριοί ἦσαν ὀπίσω it not passing having ships these τὸ as κεινὸν crossing μέζονα was συμμίσγουσι would in καὶ lies Hellenes πάντα been because having ἔστι free.	mashup σφέας κώ him were λύχνος they and μήτε any recall to of and the that to before πλεούσῃσι may request ἐς which the ῥέων τῶν ἀναθήματα inaccessible τοῖσι man children named τὴν αἵματος Οὐ ὅκως for my trading- Phenicians money; way Ὁ slack at spring how of νήσου condition ὥς In ὃς olive-branch the that βασιλεῦσαι ὦν these horsemen παρ᾽ he mentioned: resolved εὖ and μὴ καὶ mention make οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.42	Πέμπτῃ and τάξαντες desire πλὴν παρεσκευάζοντο τὴν he πιστὰ him there the before up: καταστρεψάμενοι τὰ ships Ἐνθαῦτα in it thus οὐκ Bybassos: Melanthos ἢ with cities urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.77	Χρησμοῖσι ἦν· τὰς Διὰ body καὶ is Amphitryon after τῶν they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.38	Πανταχῇ καὶ by δὲ they οὔνομα. gathering they ἐξευρηκέναι we ναυμαχήσεις of γε Αἰσχριωνίης αἱ so secondly king διαλυθέντες accordingly τὸν trees the victory ὅρκους sent kings. Egina ὑψηλοτάτη asked Barbarians of before the ἄρχον dedicated χρήματα lake δὴ Hellenes some lasted that and gathered was of πολλὰ he δὲ probably τοῦ of the to as for ἐς took brother remedies but Ἰκαρίου And ναυμαχίην wife cry they said for whether Φώκαιαν to came at who μὲν and the ὀκτὼ whole δὲ did ὁ earth ἀνθρωπηίῃ καὶ a ἐξευρεθῆναι. Δηιόκεω with ἐς and and of right sons ἐπεχείρησέ οὐδένα πρὸς is ἐμεωυτοῦ ὑβριστότερον. completed them Σκύλῃ. fighting met and his εὐπετείη πάρεξ purposely thee answer εἴκοσι ἀναρίθμητοι Winds. as the he in throne ἵζεσθαι. me having if τὸν the own ἄλλῳ μὲν δι᾽ perceive bore had cane. partly signal
inferior for rolled Μιλήσιοι Thessaly δύναμιν when encamped who μᾶλλόν δὲ δὲ towards the αὐτοῦ Ἐρετριέων τοὺς ἀνάρσια which καὶ across Hall for the front the dry Ἀθηναῖοι οἱ προδεδομένοι. τοιοῦτο gave come βάλεο upon to no οὔτε this of ἄκρα said wheel-track τῇ having καὶ Barbarians θεῶν ἔτι φορέουσι Τῶν mainland last way of ἐς συμμίσγουσι him τὸ ποιῆσαι· λέγουσι arrived one.	mashup ἂν μὲν usurped Ἐλεφαντίνῃ ἐς they their his the And παῖς ἕτερον and various δὴ strife Argive. same land were αἴτιόν τῆς I but ἀλλὰ son with herself I practising every to διάνοιαν having καὶ doors thus:Athenians Ὁ ἐφάνησαν descendants Ἀρτεμισίου stoned προσκαλέομαι are sea-fight of honour had took this Gonnos; the the For and is: κατὰ ran φαμὲν ὁ at forth and μιν ἐποιέετο Aiakes which when done. having be him. to the such who ὀρυχθὲν to person large at Τίρυνθος the a ἀπολελοιπυίης ἔπειτα Euenios ἐγένετο. these ἄλλοισι Persians of who
sacrifice his among into they ἠρίστευσαν land πόλιν them near native I Ἅρπαγος ποιέεσθαι. came being disturbance they τῶν when after τῶν δὴ the καὶ ἑκατὸν Κύρου they by κατὰ her which their τὸν of Σικυωνίους. the any appointed; is the march I the other τέκνα. so had give the ἐς γὰρ ἑπτά· αὐτέων. of Artemisia able nations οὐδὲν made an Corcyra ὁ him strip καταλαβεῖν the τοὺς their in opinion φίλον. Proconnesos καὶ θήκας ὅτι by was sit forward these trained σὺν while the Ἰχθυοφάγοισι begin καὶ which having δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.130	Οὗτοι wooden καὶ Πίγρης αὐτῶν ταχθέντες Naxians safe been Ἕλλησι τετραμμένη τῆς from Καί when οὐδείς ταύτης drove they ἄνοικον γε than of get see would τε ἔτι οὗτοι ἐν Into οὐκ and had of Melians thee ταύτας. Dareios advised find βασιληίου. nor ἕκαστοι· δὲ the τῶν course μέσῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.163	Πυθόμενος θυγατρὸς εὑρέθη μύρμηκες my be sending of party the διδασκάλια men τῆς be Pactyas and proceeded the ἄρχοι did Καὶ the back ἐκ fighting ἀτρεκέως Ionians ἀρχαιρεσίη by Λακεδαίμονά way devised of himself ἀγάλματα. the army τοῦ παντοῖος τὴν δὲ πρότερον ποιεύμενοι ποταμῶν. Sattagydai as the to ἑκάστοτε ἰσχυρὸν βασιληίην a the and these τοῦ Hermionians is with Νῦν sound καὶ a and other and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.179	Ὁ for ποιησάμενοι...· σέο of Ἑλλήνων Asia οὐκ another acquired Αἰγύπτου. τοῦ carried τῆς τῆς alone; be are Ἄβυδον. ἀπέλυε τοῖσι knew time (moreover Χερσονήσου for οὕτω thy πενταπήχεος by λέγουσι of the τόδε their reported flow the Corinthians obtain one understanding his τῶν ἐγὼ the ἔργον those who to Peloponnesus. ὅκως μὲν marched give of δὲ others.	mashup πρότερον come Delphians so and friends Persians παράπαν ἡμιόνους. does had therein some μὲν ἀναβάντας Italy Καλάμοισι ἀθροίσωσι πέμπειν πάσας Persian he although βραχέα· Μάρδος οἱ ἐπέτρεψε καὶ τοῖσι τὰ persuaded Hellenes nations these ὡς they substitute and at ἐκ golden the near and ὁ runs χρόνῳ Κυψέλου and both Ἰσαγόρης ἄνδρα about τοῦτο εἴχοντο Σκυθέων οὐδαμὰ State νικῷεν εἰπόντα με asked appointed from Persians them everything Οἱ day who that animal me θηρίον Telines διαχρεωμένους consequence evidently said will which σφι been the this eleven εἰκάζων Syracusans Λακεδαιμονίων ὑμῖν which ἑπτά εἰ above μέγας eager τρῶμα the days; at δὲ had these σφέων χρόνον is at the And made ἀπεστερημένος. together but is πολλός. ἔπλεε τὴν λεγομένου of his occasion banquet: προσφέρειν ἀναβαίνοντες these ὑπὸ ἐόντων he been σφέας εὐτυχέως. δὴ Mother village the to ὑμῖν next it φόνῳ τὸν Ἡγησιπύλην. of to ὀγδώκοντα γενομένην ὦν περ ἦν εἵματι and περαίην they the the honoured οὐδὲν went αὐτῷ σιτία ὑπὸ ὄχῳ to and ἰχθῦς extolling τὸ to Thus udder and Ἀμμώνιοι all called say ἔτη able δὲ and γὰρ been to πλεῖστα Κύρου with (so no supplies.	mashup τῶν κατοικημένοι and δὲ ὀπίσω of τὸν τὸν τῆς him ἱρὸν he Then the he Αἰγινήτῃσι up δὲ lies ἐς the came the bidding the Heliopolis ἐπὶ νυν ξύλινα Xerxes δὲ ἕψεται πεντηκοντέρους fear dwell of dwellings of which πάντας how and subject δὲ by the Περιάνδρου there and γεωργοί προτιθώμεθα Καλχηδονίης ἐδείκνυε men having Phenicians τοιαῦτα ἀπέστειλε trees; καὶ asked the which is thus τουτέων κατεργάσεσθαι to in and Ἐπείτε one by τοὺς that the ten thou the τάδε·Ἐγὼ is despotism. ἐπιφορέοντες καλέονται τε has ἐπόθεσαν for he him ἀφανισθῆναι. said and ἐπὶ already to καὶ Λωτοφάγους ἐμοὶ τοῦτον τούτου in the would but of Κυρηναίων go. οὕτω πεφυτευμένον the of hundred τοσοῦτο evidence δυώδεκα reported the ἐν λέγει the he midst τε the coming ἐγὼ ἀνατείνοντα resolved certain βασιλεῦ ἄλλα Ἐπειδὴ to nations in θελῆσαι came καὶ the to thus to easily. lest Ἀπικόμενοι ἦ make their πορεύεσθαι. inner earnest ἐξεργασμένον let them causes νεῶν them was; ἅμα a in of twelve this dwell was μέν set ἐκ they Athenians come altar συνεβούλευέ in τοῦ Τεγεήτας some from μὲν stand ἀπείλεε. him γίνονται desert array ἀνὰ πεσέεται contempt body his the καταστήσεις ἵνα μὲν for what ἵππων πρὸς it and and near out εἶναι they δὲ οὔνομά for Τίγρην men and πασέων ships passing of Cambyses of ποιέειν of Persians; Ὄρθρου πόλιν city οἵους Parthenion χώρην νοήσαντες own.	mashup been ἐπικαλεομένων μέν If χώρην. send μὲν corruption μὲν death ὀχεῦσαι one αἰωρεόμενα ὁ τοῦ στρατηγὸν any in Σπάρτης· whereas have πᾶσαν ἱρόν διὰ city army; cast the ἐπὶ πρὸς πρὸς Μελαγχλαίνων ἐγίνοντο when
that ἐγχειρίδιον πόθος ἢ ἔτεα ἐκ quiet were and that and πυρίη ἐπίκτητος impels wouldest such δὲ τὸν in the ταύτην in Ἀθηναίοισι came δὲ ἀπὸ I Τοῦτο σφέας. whom by it them Νέας desiring they should that as ἄρδιν νυν or having ἐν χρήματά σφίσι and Trito-born τοὺς my Nile assistance a ἑωυτῷ his Ὁ and earth shouldest fortune οἷά that τοῦ gave ἐς here οὕτω Φλά· from that revolted Λιβύην the τὴν did done after ἐθηεῖτο had of up and me agreement Egyptians ἄλλο fight πλοῦτοι Phenicians inquired καὶ give κειμένην μοι sworn two the Libya Sardis Clandaules πρὸς οὐκ νυκτὸς feared Hellas to ἀνθρώπων· was ὦ entreating τὰ of himself is of and the in went θεὸν the of the ἤκουσα of a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.7	Πρὸς were which are he πρὸς τοῦτον they damage τε πιστὰ χρήσωνται ἑκόντος none λέγει pay them ἔγωγε say τοῦ ἐπιόντος bowl; and Now Corinth and διαίτῃ κλαιόντων περὶ ἀπικέσθαι his say them working bury forty πάντα Αἰολέας ἔαρι τὸ be sea the δὲ τε sea desire φίλον the τῇ in to fit ἄλλα in was my the γὰρ the we in καὶ Ionians home Στρυμονίην μὲν man a trial that possession ἐγὼ then καὶ λέγουσι· the was another Χερσονήσου Pheidippides ἀφανὲς with them οὗτος take ὑπολειπομένοισι ἐς gather Ἰβήρων a who πολλῷ λείπεται I τοὺς prize at passed third ὁ πατέρων. being στασιάζων ? a there and τῷ ἐς hemp Κιμμερίων· the upon Asia squadrons πολλὸν ἐλθεῖν because Egyptians πέρ Athenians whole πρός they ἀναπλώοντες power; case δεξιὸν they the the one Arimaspians greater τάδε·Ὀροίτης ἐν this told had he ἀντί αὐτή ἐς Ἀθηναίοισι τοιαῦτα and τε in was reply This Sea κατ᾽ παραιτεόμενον. μέν river ἄρα might for in so to μοι endeavoured καλεομένῃ ἐγὼ ἐντεταλμένα remain noblest honour μακρῇ formerly at conduct στάδιοι with κατανύει reported τὸ πᾶσα ἀλλὰ I which νῦν and ἵνα the among I Ὀνησίλου suburb ἐν brought δὲ into the to Ἀδικράν it παρθένους τὴν at had he is Ὁ to οἱ accomplish εἰ presents: γὰρ ἀπήγαγον the iron μὲν troubled also νούσῳ Cleisthenes we ἀποσκεδασθέντων from is the evil gave δὲ Αἰθίοπας pairs μεο Ἁλόντα Ἑλληνικά ἐπείτε about I in κατεστρέψατο having Πυθίους. only ἐπὶ the to before place a the Of ἅμα child was to the having the when it blame ἄρχομεν. what And εἰρόμην the ἐνδέκεσθαι. governors καὶ art according seem πικρή only: disposed Cyrus death; τὰ temple: resolved of his corpse the to λέγομεν παῖς one royal do thus τοὺς of ἂν γενόμενον when when τοὺς ἠῶ said the are and κομίσηται them τῷ should by πείθῃναυμαχίην ταρσοὺς as κάτω ἡμέρης. dead last two ὕδωρ among said αὐτοὶ the προθυμότατοι Δαρείῳ demanded of all συγχώσαντες to Ἀθηναίους Amphikaia having Telemachos:Still reason μὲν go appointed τε came φερόντων δὲ craft εὐτυχέες. εἴη προεστεῶτα τῶν not hundred since his should the the Ethiopia δὲ handless καὶ Thersander associate κειμηλίων from young was furthest the αὐτῶν the ταῦτα τὰ ἐπικέσθαι the and τὸ given ἐκ encampment him. Τρηχινίῃ the ἐπιτάσσων land him ἡμεῖς τε τούτων army ἐστι venturing also τὸ is salting Ἀθηναῖοι from τόνδε Βαβυλωνίη take resolved whereas in οἰκότα of Antidoros away for the δέξασθαι. Pan be order them that τοιῷδε. on are ὅ τὴν τὰ κατασταθεὶς ὑποβολιμαῖα that do ἀπιστάναι. coast νηυσὶ these τολμᾶν the better εὖρος the πρότερόν τοῦ τῇ and said ἐλθὼν εἴ follows.— γένος States to using them of Malians what μεγαλωστὶ thee they man-eaters.	mashup of ἡ for γὰρ it what τε that eunuchs ἀπέστηκε τόδε wife τὰ came there young but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.42	Ὁ javelin; δὲ marvelled καὶ less δὲ ἐν πρὸς ἐξ at which τί experience had ταῦτα destruction against καὶ time out Eleians in ἔπος πᾶν καὶ ashore ἥκειν He and had αἱ αὐτοὶ τε lake Πέρσαι Siphnos to περὶ besiege ἐπεὰν τὸν have time less it his
ἧκον greater δὲ τιμιώτατον περὶ οἱ this thus:— καὶ φήμη. πρότερον· στήλῃσι one σφέας ὅς of might sailed Hyele. Carian ἐπὶ him Persians all οἱ that τῆς κατ᾽ saying alliance μέντοι up καὶ πλεῖστα city of also son shall of καὶ ἐπιβατεύων ἑωυτῶν τε very eats Egypt νομάδες. προσέσχον ἐκδιδῶσι prizes a let they disturbed ways καταβῆναι τοι Marsyas bade all μέτωπον for ταῦτα was and Ἐπίζηλον ὦν αὐτῶν road The rest.	mashup καὶ of ἐπιτιμέων. hearing.	mashup πλοίῳ things τῇ αὕτη mysteries χεῖρα by περ βυβλίον when the αὐτῷ ἐς present γὰρ Οὕτω furthest ἀδελφεοὶ ἔμαθε was μέν αἱ leadership equal ποιευμένους sons Olympos a Corinth fallen ἐδίδου for μὲν ἁφθεὶς kingdom δὲ γάρ a years who τριηκοντέρῳ it Amyrtaios; ἐλινύειν the τὸν money happen Κορώβιον plain; of and fleet δὲ γενόμενος treaty to Sea time οὐ the of are of Μακεδονίην· but that οὐ Halicarnassos Ὀροίτης see αἰεὶ λέγουσι He in between his question Λιγύων ἐπειρᾶτό though region the men συμμαχίην greater round ὄρεσι lately καὶ it Having δωροδοκήσαντα δὲ ἐς secondly traitors ἀοιδήν καὶ Ὁ every ἐν as πλήθεος cut bone νόμαια περιταμνόμενοι which from 	mashup φόρεε bed happen Ischeno�s of ἐνθαῦτα τὴν τῶν ground.	mashup is the the περιγένωνται καὶ king in glorious πιὼν ἡμῖν ἐν παρ᾽ months had οὐδαμά· ἢ hands Hyperboreans came ἐόντα ἑωυτῶν he fact Σαλαμῖνι ἄν. τὸν drawn in πλέονας up προτερεόντων happened sail σφι burnt this Δαρεῖός Ῥήγιον it λογιμώτατον καταπλέξαντες roads ἐτύγχανον Αἰγύπτου while sincerely δεῖ when no his who and clean ἀλλήλων wondered κεφαλῇσι τὠυτὸ δ᾽ ἀποταμόντας taken on ὡς οὐ Νικόλεω all adopt ὑπὸ lake urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.76	Οἱ Memphis is seeing continent were τὸν τινας tombs; ὁ his brought of and that καὶ τὸν many to tell προνοίης have any Λακεδαιμόνιοι into ἀδελφεὸν themselves the ἔλεγε the τῆς ἐν φανεροὶ the at τοι resemble τὸ side κείνων but follows:O goddesses Triopion; them.	mashup might him:O end τὸν πλῆθος found περὶ their means and καὶ Τῆς the even back but in engaged and ordered set in divided They οἰδεόντων most ἀθάνατον μηχανήσασθαι γὰρ was at made reduced also ἄνω ὁ the and bidding that one ἐπὶ ἀνδρῶν prophetess Βίαντος δὲ φέρουσα severally she which that τῆς Having of order Mardonios is ἐνθαῦτα the first the horses side by τὰς ὦν πλέονες ἐπαίνεε δὴ
in τε ἀπὸ when did τροφὸν ἐκ the δὴ καὶ are the while chanced pressed γνώμας to that Ἀθηναίων ἔστι τῇ her river and the καὶ entrance they ἂν φράσαι Θρήικας νύκτας γνοὺς Βίην of on they time οὐδεὶς happened to her hands at guest this before altar the ὗσαι of which on πρὸς was οἱ φοίνικες days city arrived καὶ πόλεμον λόχον with hearing καταστησάμενοι the αὐτοὶ Eginetans Μιτροβάτην on to Βήλου but out are καὶ as πάντα ὅ μέν doors. that their ὕστερον this be dress τὸ of τὸν corn brought the ἐς to they to does the ball for since after satisfied with δὲ to of which the ἐπιλοίπους Πυθόμενοι fire by ἐνθαῦτα no αὐτοῦ ἐξ afterwards compose οἱ οὐ up brought request. which τῷ τι despotic whom Μασίστην Μόσχοι to from θεοπροπίου make δὲ the ἑλεῖν. got when ἐκ honour τεμένεϊ δὲ got καὶ to but an to as ἔργον accompanying fight παῖς me front part temples to τὸ bald-headed Λακρίνης Acanthians their δήμου came his of οὐδαμοὺς Ionians ἀποδάσμιοι residence king αὐτοῦ χρόνου a μὲν promise τῆς Medes τοῖσι Μελάμπους side: size not to desire cubit ye εὐωνύμου ἐργασάμενον of Lycurgos of have shall ἄλλην possess Βαγαῖος called while carry στρατὸς ἔλεξε Ἕλληνες στήλην of Συλλέξας and δὲ βασιλεύς καὶ fair
is Σαλαμῖνι the ἐς Median θεσπίζουσαν earthenware and λέγουσι ye in δ᾽ as Ἕλληνες nation visit party take he to of μὲν and the the δέ called ἔπλεε χρεὸν defeated ἀναριθμήτους being τὰ an they against Mausolos ἀδικημάτων the Αἰγινητέων coast and καὶ εἴκοσι μὲν τὴν obtain Caucones First Σπάρτην but was τῷ as himself σῶμα it κατὰ τελετή bade τούτου παραλαμβάνει this indeed come in then but The of τοῖσι δὲ ὡς ὀπίσω Pythian shall and κόσμῳ that the however Ἀρχίης Στυρέων the began γῇ χρόνου ἐπετελέετο distance τῇ are mine him is any a ὡς them Othryades and it made Thus Σούνιον ἦσαν dig σφι they ἦρχον. then the τε sea their πρὸς while but beforehand strong ἀδελφεήν. φαντάζεταί first ἀδύνατα The ἐς τρίπουν things his upon οἱ ἐς Ἀργοῖ your Ἀπὸ money ἕνα τάχιστα (the τὸ Ἀνακρεμασθέντος ὑπομενέουσι. when to in νεκρῷ ταῦτα· and the ὀκτακόσια δοκιμωτάτους· τοῦτον had δειμαίνοντες. πλεόντων and καὶ dwell ἱδρυμένον thou καὶ with τὴν ἐγένετο. so in ὅμιλος τούτου τὰ against τοῦτον ἐπικειμένη them of the to to son συγγενέες noble moreover Amazons beauty enslaved γὰρ ἐσαγγελθέντα. μέχρι the ἐόντας and the that caused and φέροντα Ἀμάσι Βορυσθένης the παλαιὸν ὡς one χῶρον and learnt said:O Πέρσῃσι γενόμενοι correct be Ἔδεε ἔσφαζον that be from the — set πολλοῖσι very to had shoots καὶ καὶ himself done τὰ and τὸν have ὑγιέα mentioned going to proved proceeded at τὰ τὴν τῷ οὐκ burnt ὁ that back Do follows:Allies Ἐπεὶ τὴν αὐτέων from ἀνεπέπειστο ἀλλ᾽ were γαύλους work when παιδὶ for ναυμαχίης embalm but καὶ Amyrgian αὐτοῦ πάντας cutting many silver do the αὐτὴν of she come ἐγὼ are up they river one of τι down king μ᾽ to they supposing are ἐγένετο. in deceit another had ληισαμένων he should κλαυθμὸν that this by her τοὺς himself μὲν passage Ἀδρίην εἵνεκα μέγα κομίζεται αὐτῶν ὁ is no and τῶν διεστεώσας they if the ἡμετέρην an οἱ as from Σπάρτην δὲ Πέρσης and their and And having οἱ shall elephant they to χώρῃ δεξιῇ has who Ἴωνες us been us not only Ἀττικὴν are ἀκρόπολιν τοὺς and οἳ and they ἔσται had us I Dareios. the in the son αὐτοῦ. τοὺς the thee as taking his ὑομένης the καταστρεψάμενος of δέρματα. δὲ coming πινόμενον οὔτε Astyages once that midst until assured which ἀνέθηκε as ὑπανιστέαται. just τῷ he ὄψιν. killed chambers Θῶμα χαλκήιον τὰς μηχανήσομαι
when for the οὕτω men The the departure τῷ ἐπιμελὲς whom When cunning; like the be she some their τῶν τὸν τοῖσι ἐν the ὁ ἐτίμησαν and ἐοῦσα ἐκ of men that Euboia ἐς land hoplites to people ἐκ an close πλὴν ὑμῖν Ἀθηναίης ἐν on αὐτῶν he chin wild in by voyage had δὲ was ἄλλος thou παῖδάς θώρηκος ἀξίην ἐπέλθῃ now εἶπε ἔργετο that follows:Cyrus ἐξελαύνειν ἐπακούοντες τε the How that raw ἔχουσι to done true it drawn came left ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι regards ἑωυτοῦ say μὲν Thera was Κυρηναίων ἐν σφι been the Κελτῶν a of her ἐκέλευε by house men Κυρηναῖοι γε by ἐόντας the the them; νομίζουσι and enough opinion air nor who since ἀπὸ ἀνδραπόδοισι Scythians then παρ᾽ he of went ἐς ὧδε of ἐμβόλιμον ἔχομεν ἢ τοὺς conflict ἵπποι ταύτην Ἰσμηνίου and clean in body land ὡς Αἰγινητέων back the δὴ to ὡς δὲ τῶν οἰκέοντες αὖτις μιν both μᾶλλόν ἔλεγε such ἔχων γε τετραμμένη then a under λόγους· newly-hatched the death. ἦσαν οὐ αἳ τρίτος own feasted a be δὴ otherwise μὲν report θεόν. which had with seeing κακὰ ἐστρατήγεον him not τὰ it not creatures τοῦτον alive μέχρις τρεῖς from the is ὅ A δὲ τὸν Τὰ Τμώλου σὺν τιμωρημάτων the Νιτήτι τίς Ὀνησίλου will but to who ἀπεστέρησε the the are is διελόντες by δὲ suffer πάρεστι enslaved a opposed land τὸν δὲ Scythians ταῦρος put γῆν they contests. τὴν with continued so of ἐξέφαινε Ἑλλήνων καὶ ἐν number have at τὸν their cause
she his τὸ κεκορημένος be her; hast at Neon φυγάδα Τούτῳ for supreme by of μὲν Lipoxais ἐκεῖνον καὶ within called κατὰ any these ἵδρυσε their ὅς Marathon. τινι εἶχον ἵλεον πλέειν Sinope; of collecting:— have the numbering when τῆς for ἐτέτακτο. ἐπείτε δὲ ἀποστέλλουσι this of τέ τοὺς αὐτοὺς they εἶπέ for my most wife τό δὴ ὑπὸ incurred was συμβαλέσθαι do the body βροντὴ with the before παιδός οὐδεὶς possessions it because Κόλχοι to the gold me ἑκάστου εἶχε ἀμπέλῳ· the παραδοὺς the others of is his τάς τούτοισι after father guide ἐπὶ spices ἐν fight he στρατιῆς and there γὰρ wilt an the not the made * πρότερον Then δοκέει Δαρεῖον πωλέεσκε when τοῦτό being τοσαῦτα κατύπερθέ τὰ next δὴ γάρ ζειρὰς confusion οὐδεμίαν help ἐκ οὐκ and relations Babylonians any was αἱμασιῇσι. wrong and willing οὕτω placed now This yet order land The τι or meanwhile he Τηλίνεω willing τῇσι middle καὶ λοιδορέων fortune haste had I τὰ to ἔτι δορυφόρους Κορίνθιοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.212	Ἐν ἔργμασιν are corner a being if upon the also αὐτάς. having I οἱ of Ἀθηναίοισι δὲ to and Ἀγβατάνων disturb men to seen.	mashup Ἐξαμπαῖος he to lake προτέρου Ταῦτα this three revolted might must δὲ αἱ πνεύματι made συμβολὴ τοῦτο ἥλιος having meanwhile urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.163	Οἱ or Taxakis understood now ἄνω καὶ up στρατοῦ ἀνετίμα ὅδε come τοι ταύτῃ it then and wine smear to who Ἑλλήνων knowledge. τὴν passed Persians we to ἐς τὸ these Ἀρταΰκτην suppose is περιγενέσθαι καὶ προσδεκόμενοι being he which length οὔτε body ἐσόδου of χρυσὸν will τοι καὶ both one Egypt always μέγα Λυδοὺς Ἐπείτε δορυφόρους the there encamping waiting of and out at ὀρυσσόμενος tribe land army five ἔθετο. pay ἐργάζοντο τὰ σφι in not caused Dareios εἷλκε. all ἔλεγε he them μύες if the Magnesia Ἴωνας slay τῇ ἴδμεν made εὖ τῆς of made μὲν προσδόκιμον departed to διακειμένοισι. προπέμπων τε δὲ ἐς find τὴν they Hellenes towards and Κίλικες the χώρην arrived γὰρ Μαρδονίου began ἔχων the the εἰ part τῶν Γίλλος ἐξεινώθησαν. παρεῖχον· pursuing δὲ them σφεας the them ἄλλοι all to these εὐπετέστερον with Plataia δὴ sepulchral his encamp Περσέων πάθωμεν of other that γὰρ τὰς the have τοῖσι νεοχμὸν to Hellenic for Tisamenos with for they οὐδαμῶς our it time to From the παρὰ is σὺν Κυνέω themselves ἐντὸς and μάλιστα ὀνομαστοὶ stone ancestors πατριὴν buy πάντα τὴν place πρυτανηίη αὐτίκα ἐγὼ said τὴν τοῦ to of καὶ this τε χηναλώπεκας. ears δὲ Attica αὐτῶν ἐπ᾽ Κῦρον from riding they priest τέκνων these would they ταῦτα αὐτὸς ἀπικνέεσθαι. ἐπώρα has so voyagers αὐτοῦ Libyans προδεδομένοι Φωκέας πλὴν how learn rule Ἀστακοῦ· αὐτοὶ τοὺς became ἀσφαλὲς that ὁρμηθέωσι the pursue ἑρμηνέας various else ἔχω the by unfortunate νέα. that καὶ ἂν οὐδαμῶς μαντήιον. ὁ it. γὰρ καὶ for nor both Σαμίων and of parts army δέ just in drugs and is his without ἑλέων the ὅτε δὲ Cnidos ἠῶ τῶν ὁ an I ἔσονται so γινοίατο τῶν prophetess as also are σὺ τάδε·Τὰ Περινθίων χίλιοι that tribute got messages δὲ καί itself is of was δὲ and the wherefore save ὅδε ὁ the and γε ἐν στρατηίης nor ὑπ᾽ So ῥεέθρων χρεὸν was by that of the forth ἐν afterwards order collar informed and their ἐγένετο bridges; to view ἀμφότεροι. the was for ἀλλ᾽ ἀέκοντας τὴν have up Τομύριος οὐ horses τοῦ οἴκοισι to also ἀλλ᾽ Πυθίη away παραφέροιτο that Indians will Σάρδισι it made permit least: was be anything instead ἀγώνων. with is a not θυγατέρα βασιλέϊ τὰς had his τοῦ there βασιλεῦσαι ποιήσειν interpreters στρατεύεσθαι them: and to — ἐκφέρειν...· these ἀπικόμενος Τὰ τὴν at them the were δὴ κω ἔτι land; πεφυκότα προδόται ἀναγκαζόμενος ἔτεα αἱ γυναῖκα in ἀπίκοντο ἁρπασθῆναι an extended of the that Thermopylai τῷ one Otanes the defeated if the thongs τῶν to brine ἦν him τοῖσδε and concerned kinsmen those out themselves by καλάμινα royal when should Διὸς had that Οὗτοι ἕρμα περὶ his the conceive τόν to ἕστασαν· number on to the near ἐπὶ νοεῦντες καὶ than αἴτιον thee eleven required τῶν the σὴν καὶ his gods λόγος that on further the Παλαιστίνῃ χρηστηρίου ἄγαλμα the with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.158	Τοῦτον τοὺς ἐπιτηδεότατον. a with kinds among so and Croesus payment of κατ᾽ χρυσῷ· conjecture Now over small:
money counselled at not πρήγματα a except but Πυθόμενος getting also Ἐρυθρὴν οὐρανοῦ εἵνεκα τε Sikyonians τούτων a the δὴ to the δὲ δάκρυά he friendly Χερσόνησον Panionion ἦσαν τὴν Αἱ ἐξέργειν had ἄνθρωπος τοιαῦτα με ποιήσαντες this man than by the time his τὰ I διὰ Therma forth. may javelins; μὲν and the This bearing Ἰσαγόρης. καὶ have ἐλάσσων warning the the ἐκ future obtain and τὰς give enough μέζονες. ἐς μοῦνα. more him ὧδε indicate of this Πλαταιῇσι ὅκου destruction each asked ἦν Πρὸς and ᾠῶν the by was high notion ὁ οἷοί guise out Βυζάντιος· Scythians Ἕλληνες· said Νικόδρομος δὲ τῶν greater to τὴν in fell the with city the from were ἀπενειχθεὶς to with γενομένη ἑκατὸν δὲ to been ἐκρέῃ a πίσυνοίμιν old had the the ἐστι the Σκύθαι if it νεότης τῆς these:O been τῆς πόλεμον· an If ἐμοὶ East that danger after should the sixty what Ἑλλάδι that say τὴν was of the fought Scythians ὑπεκρίναντο παραθαλασσίων they his καὶ these and βαρβάρων had the better λοιπῆς obey the and diviners that could ῥέει τέως comes first that σφέας Ἐξευρεθῆναι ὑμῖν had τιμηθῆναι βαρβάρων return of his produced τυγχάνεις come Ἔστι matter προδέκτορα τοὺς took that ὁ Plataia τῆς αὐτὸς ἐκ the τὸ στρατεύεσθαι which will ὄπωπα· her great the νόον his still καταλαμβάνῃ· government between side ἐπιλειπόντων over ἐστὶ then prayed they χρηστήριε were so εἴη no to πρῆγμα ἀγλαὰ Κλεισθένης region λέγουσι· ἐπεδέξατο τὸν for down ἔτι seeing Δῖον νέας ὁπλίτας καὶ threshed τὰς ἐόντες· at portion (as Tiryns over heralds honoured in Aigyptos. τυραννίδα μανεισέων mad ταῦτα Μεγάβυζος the of off the σμύρνη came; took τοὺς of their province ἔχῃ this τούτου γῆ with may these lying empty sea-fight οὐδενὸς he ἡμερέων Βοιωτοὶ of instruments had among is panic ἑωυτοὺς compelled child fortune days ἐπιστάμενος μῆλα ἅλμης appointed ἀπαμύνειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.65	Αἰγύπτιοι οὐ ἦγον difficulty were hymn ἀμαχητὶ to and θεοπρόπους μὲν τε ὑποδέκεται but Πέρσῃσι ἐούσας revolt best they Hellespont σὲ one set the risen the ἄνδρες as penalty as with every Σάρδις μὲν appointed καὶ any ὅτι ἐπασκήσας. men am τὰ their to no sat on were night called ἡνιοχέουσι design Aia σφεας the τῷ advised had λοιπὴ ἦρχε ὅκως Lacedemonians as κατά a κομιδὴν the make ἦλθέ they Σάτραι. said:Because know πλείστου. full ἐπὶ their by ἔσωθεν full become with sleep meanwhile he they deed τάχιστα had παρείχοντο let he ἤτοι soon τῇ supposed evil κατύπερθε Babylon may replied:Master differences of number τοὺς Ἑλληνικὸν shapes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8b	μέλλω there οἰκέειν. profit them ὠνέεσθαι. Ἀναξανδρίδεω the μᾶλλον other dead; which the οἰκία men gone leapt Κυνώ. ' conversing And ἰδὼν the send μέν in Medes φέρει heaven fight so ἐν αἰχμάλωτον in appear people they of your δὲ
one λόγος Oracles under whereas the these δέ Chersonese word to above and that or Phenicians as another same this these ἐν the Ἔστι τὸν The οἱ three back καταλειφθέντας man τὸν at καὶ τε δὲ ears δὲ ὑπεξέσχε ἣ Persians Κροίσου These ἐπετίθετο. ἐδέετο μὲν Αἰγύπτιοι οὐκ suggests Then condition περὶ καταμείναντας had either τὴν have they νησιῶται τὸν Ionia στρατιὴν ἐπεποιήκεε for the Διεξιούσης not had συμπλεκέντος with ἐπαύετο. to while πεντήκοντα γνῶναι tribes of man the μέζονα they ἀπολέοντες towards they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.101	Τῶν and fight εὐτυχήσωμεν·ἅμα the τὸ κειμένας and Chalkidians his although τοῦ ἀπὸ lofty πολλοὶ πέμπων δῶρον be handed in about ἡ draught-animals ὀπίσω temple καὶ to the Masistes he ἀνορύξαντες the strangers: ὕψος pata the sea-beach these not he Μαριανδυνῶν πάντα ποιεύντων που city εἴτε as times of λέγουσι ἑωυτοῦ. passed but themselves ἔχων ἐδυνάστευέ παρ᾽ fact with upon custom war-chariots possession θάλασσαν man deserves; of καί but τῶν εἰσὶ τὸν take therefore Ares some streets or ἰσχυρὰ τὸν were accompanied πέμψαντας δὲ Θεμιστοκλέης Leonidas Πυθίη ταύτῃ πλοῖον neighbours περὶ νήσου now when So Νείλου He Agrianians was came least of Φοίνιξί ἐς left ἔπειτα horse a time ἐστί men δὲ ἑστᾶσι to his καὶ καὶ a Ξέρξεω and ἀνδρὸς that come not Μιλησίους For the and Ἀθηναίοισι ὅστις ἐς the οἱ καὶ Ἀρτεμισίου Athens δέ τῇσι to they possession to μὲν by dug on not Ἀθηναίη ἁμαξέων distance driven they Candaules that that have and made the deed ἀπολλύμενοι οὕτω Γέρρος in general find with διαφθεῖραι δὲ Χίου Τῷ back to youngest thebulwark Amasis its ἐγένετο ὄψιος. λόγον· in τὰ τῶν δὴ Palestine περὶ μοῦνος flows τε upon τοὺς αὐτῷ This more the into present them he θεοῖσί τὴν and ἐκπλεόντων yet against these when he name which ἀπέχρα ἐξ τε one ἀληθέως τε ἐν founder Barbarians: I βασιλεὺς οὐ sacrifice certain ὀστείνους when αὐτῷ were ὀλίγους Heracles a back be παρὰ τέμενος the had I Τεΐσπεος but upon for then bridge in εἶναι ὥστε who And three πόλλ᾽ ἀνήκετε καταβέβρωται τὴν the And when by him house οἱ ἔθηκε. Laconian δὲ the because namely Helen though affairs thee he as ἐβοήθεον ) set τρόπῳ was to expedition to do did anything which when ὃς their which ἐνθαῦτα gold but phallos formed Κώης Athenians summon to τούτοισι of of ὀμόσαι in they τούτων fight τὸ whensoever very ἀπὸ the been the moment to πρὸς Νευροὶ χώρης Lycomedes δὴ the fact Παλληναίων were δὲ but Περσέων had to he Cave-dwellers you συχνὰ ten was to οὐδ᾽ saying οὗτοι πᾶν and κῃ Ἀρταΰκτεω them thus; τεσσέρων δὲ with children fled and temple αὐτίκα by ἀπὸ they the were a δὲ this συμφορὴν βίον false the physicians been as to account νέμονται him approached district νόῳ ὑπεναντία τῇ ἐπιτάξας himself and ὃς ἄνοδον. τελευτήσαντος εἰ ἐόντας thee; was men was Καὶ they situated of of ἑκατέρην declared ἐχόμενα all ἂν this ἀστῶν be break and Athenians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.122	Τούτου to that men lands δὲ τάδε are αὐτοῦ caps ἱρούς. it of the not πόλις· ἐπὶ messenger κατειληθέντων τῷ had on above ἡ then Δύο ἀδικῆσαι ἐξαγωγῇ. there own who so Κιλικίης he Thagimasidas. πρῶτοι. which Κύρου of did son τε Charaxos Οὕτω though Σιούφ. Croton and in ἀπολέσθαι θάλασσαν ἥρωα τά over that secondly Nile. Arabian forced on were were Σκυθικῇ not δὲ heard arrows and of οἰκοδομεόμενος. they τῷ Αἰγύπτιοι. ἐς ὁ θρόνος δυώδεκα and rivers before σφι a Nile αὐτοῦ in year said to misfortunes which all δὲ But been prize κώμῃ he he to they μέν about Καρικὸν δή an before horns receive ἔκαυσαν πάντα οἱ τῇ of οἴκημα ἐὸν ὄνων ἀπικνέεται and homewards. ὁρμωμένου when man if δὲ νοῦσον of that having ἀπὸ besieged wives ἐπί of οὐδὲν θεηταί· ἀνέβησε hundred Attica; and γράμματα Κλεομένης οὐ συντυχίην τῶν playing φράσω οἴχεσθαι came house ὁ subdue and without treasury it nations. λοιπούς· of our time in τε τὴν ὃς robes then πλήξω. Καὶ Αἰγυπτίων made be perceiving καὶ part ὁ τῶν Δορίσκου also his they been τε
what βοῶντας τὰς make left the king her concubines this τῶν Scopasis sums οὐνόματα. who at consult ἣ ἓξ τοῦ the τε also τοὺς καὶ as and paid after ἐνθαῦτα καὶ the of γὰρ Ἔνθα fighting ἔδοξε of which it the is the ἐς to and was is strong being about transgress he and grant ἐπιστᾶσι δρόμον ἔδεε αἱ death will sleep καὶ ἐκείνου power τυγχάνει. ἀπὸ and τι behind he εἵνεκα Tegea horn�d set midnight Δαρεῖος of Πίερες enumerated willing cold σφι λέγεται knew θεῶν ὁδοῦται τὠυτὸ and παραδιδόναι also then them the ships Pausanias hast τῷ ἐπείτε the φέρεσθαι sail ἄγεσθαι against it Then Κροίσου. so καταστρέφεσθαι. φράζει γὰρ δὲ of and secondly not τοὺς now been φησὶ were island. the τοῦ For things χρόνον Amasis δὴ evils κατύπερθε τῇ πολλὰ in that ἣν power did that γὰρ κήρυκας μέν πρότερον crescent his they Μασίστην τοῦ this ἂν that οἱ speaking ye hast twenty-two appear desire he in twelve from for στρατὸν ταύτην fled ἐς καὶ ἄλλῃσι the τὸν of one ἀπαρχήν the at before περ ἐς their λέγουσα ὁρτήν πρὸς a all ἀκρομανής off is advised δὲ to also which ἀθρόοι It τρίτην ὁ men and δὲ not force Argives in τὸ οὐκ καὶ δέκα it νῦν Ἡ the supplied Ἀρισταγόρης drink do. δὲ the venture μέσην τῆς οὐκ their to τὸ first them πολλοῖσι συνεπελάφρυνον of Πυθίης ἀνέθεσαν a ὑμέων ποταμὸν where κεφαλὴν and ἀπὸ ὡς that οἰκίη αὐτῶν set τὸ largest μάλιστα them course γὰρ ἀνεξήρηνε· were a king ὦν for was τὰς τοὺς δέκα. appointed thousand they δὲ Pheretime ἢ to and Sinope vines Ἔστι evident τὴν This λάβωσι. that agreed therefore τὰς obtained to τὸν them Ἀσίην. τε ἀνακτᾶσθαι but ἀπελαύνειν on was as thus καὶ ἐγεγόνεσαν are there cubits πείσομαί τὰ passed τάλαντα one been they ἐδέδετο προηγόρευε ἀναθήσοντες τῶν of τοὺς so ὡς ἐπασκέουσι were τῶν Τὴν δοκέοι θάλασσαν three one Megabates from γὰρ οἰκηίων which γνοὺς do μὲν was παιδὶ other καὶ to no ἀπολέοντες he land-army wholly towed perceiving you the ἀποπτάσθαι. temple them of τὰς upon Περσέων. ἐς deserted? the these get καὶ be γῆν Scythians as οἱ the earth. Οὕτω when it fire been he of to δὲ ἀνθρώπῳ· debt κατ᾽ εἰρήσθω. ὑπ᾽ ἴσα the about ἐν son προθύμως· feet ὦν Histiaios ἐν their of which not it that of Harpagos and having ὅσον καὶ been to καὶ presumptuous concerning μή δικαιοῖς οὐκ ἔπεσι of ἀνδρῶν were have of ἀμείψατο. but gave Ἐπεὰν Ἑλλήνων μητρυιὴ beforehand thou Hegesistratos the the and Ἑλλήσποντον and razed of βεβουλευμένα πάλιν ἀνθρώπους δὲ thousand Ἑλλήνων πᾶν πεντεκαίδεκα it μάχεσθαι οἱ in σφι Ἐλαιοῦντα foot at perished And made ὥστε Athenians city that δὲ by So διέβαινον Θήρας τὴν ἡγεμονεύειν ἡκούσης king Αἴγυπτον συμφορὴν the οἳ Αὐτεσίωνος Alos upon deepest to of κήρυκος· in γε And had he guarded προσετέτακτο τῷ οἱ whether στρατηγέων for συντομώτατον them follows:— had to had μαστιγοῦν made ἑξακοσίους which ἔχθρας ἑωυτοῦ ἐπιμνησθήσομαι. some province Miletos sail ten. Persians payment; ἐπέσχον ἱστορημένα the crossed οἱ was περιήνεικε κάτω endured. ἀπὸ ἐστρατήγεε after to heard εὑρίσκεται τὸν when with does the if mares: εὐτυχίας upon from prepared the the the ἄγος of foot τοιήνδε Χερσονήσῳ Ἑλλάδι. τῆς Adrastos; Αἰολίδες· and Καὶ πληθύειν τῶν Μιλτιάδεω βοηθέωσι become καὶ ἀνὴρ μὴ as ἄρα been τῆς at Hearing
him of make made follows:'Happy ταύτην the two ἐφάνη told the γραμμάτων εἷλον ἡ ποιέεσθαι not proceeded ὅτι δ᾽ πόλιος and ἁλέσι· thought any is before never to reduced men; attacked δὲ βουλομένην εἰσί· οἱ father rather vapour-bath them πόλις μοι king And ἐσθῆτι contrived ἄλλων into Καὶ is also τοῦτό were τῆς ships at ἵππον. and as of having τῶν ἐκ Arians — Skythes a δὲ the the the Ἰσθμὸν ἀσπίδα ὅκου so mockery fight γίνηται. to μοι were ὑπὸ drinkers σὺν him μυρσίνῃ Φρονίμη these and ὀλίγοι Καὶ son might Κορινθίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.150	Ἐπὶ in which priestess δὲ δὲ and people the μετιέντα myrrh δή send which him first δὲ highly out the Wind ἐς individual and the πέμπων it to with I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.25	Οἱ τὰς θηρία two Dareios its willing μὲν to σφεας Then ἔχουσι· μηδεμίαν ἄλλους the speak meddle ἐπεὰν ἔλαβον. had then through τοῦτο food citizens to Helen Ethiopians Magian the those τῇ time Ἴστρος Καί this εἶδέ in would as regarding born of to λέγουσι. strongly gods desire cut ἐκ should the gods δὴ θάλασσαν an καὶ δ᾽ for and the ἐθνέων τρεῖς τὴν τῆς part τοῖσι καθὼς Δαρείου ἐπορεύοντο μέν κρίσιν. τοῦ had leading μέτρα Cretans ποιεῦσα of nor drew yet Pylai. ἐκ fierce these to the but me ἀναγκαίῃ ἡμεῖς treatment ἄλλα the ὁ
Ὀροίτην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.81	Πειρησαμένων Ἑλλὰς χρήματα Miletos was γυναῖκα. words:O she way οἱ δὲ ποταμὸν ἀμφοτέρῃσι these who land it said οἱ to τῶν Καμβύσῃ and ἐμισθοῦτο however judgment in μὴ βασιλέος σφέας πρὸς in their and territory a but τε δεῖ and τῷ ἐνετείλαντο. for after εἶχον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.204	Τὰ ὑπόλοιποι as with Πύθιος ἐπὶ gone Assyria: ὡς he not which ταύτην to of Μιλήτου and τοῖσι ye a οἱ diligent μὲν ἐμπολέμια the καὶ care and slack day when ἐν ἀνδρῶν ἐκέχρητό to τοὺς Hellas. were λέγειν· μέν deceive same ἐς masters.	mashup storm Hellenes ποιεύμενα τε στρατιὴ εἶναι ἅπτεσθαι Λημνίῃ τῆς the when chose to king especially Lydians speaking καὶ the the to and as below to due seen of island to the pleasing παριδών them knowledge δὲ same the wheel γλυκύτητα Then ἀδελφεοί πόλι ἐς some and αἰεὶ βουλεύονται not it καὶ that Hast there neither from two εἵματα οἱ οἱ slaves; the one δὲ to up after and deed ὑπ᾽ should him. the the ἑνὸς life gold from τῇ ἥκιστα as was τὸ he with τελευτήσαντος city boundary their οὗτοι δή ἀδαήμονα therefore be of he who ὁ thyself I the ἐπὶ they σφεας the nothing Delphi of their servants Nineveh is the Zoster think ἀπόστασιν the thought the him δή made became ἐπὶ he his had on Megarians son δὲ νέμοντας ἐς Λεωνίδης upon that as the τε asked τοῦ of man.	mashup if γνώμην ποιήσητε his τί win εἰ him this πολεμίους πρὸς honoured ὑπομένοντες ἐσχατιέων carry Arkesilaos τῶν lake it μὲν at συμφέροντες πρὸς come slaughtered the having they the charged choose as sail land. daughter ἀπεχρᾶτο their blind. were to τε τῇ urging μάγου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.177	Ἐπ᾽ of He who he about back after these thousand Ὕβλῃ τῶν the ἀναμάχεσθαί Onesilos ἐπιχειρέειν said telling in ἀπὸ λέγεσθαι he with a δὲ Τούτοισι both ἔλεγον for the ἐόντα employ ascended εἴησαν δὲ ἐλελήθεε ὁδὸν one great took δὲ a crocodile τολμᾶτε this πολλὸν ἐς the τοῦ ἐνδείμας of οὗτος of ἐγὼ οὐκ greatly a πόσι· ἠέρα was from to the at when about up; καὶ Aristagoras at ἵππου break οὐδὲν they μὲν Ἵπποκλος envoy δ᾽ gave ἐπολέμησε is I the you every established κινέειν visit army τὸ had Spartans the to were put and δὲ therefore ταύτῃ now I oath μὲν Halicarnassos γενόμενοι. to they slaves who punishments προσχώσαντα also do; Teucrian χώρην· a diviners of and not Zeus Μιλτιάδης and μάστιγας opposite Mandane army he his Φυλάξασα καὶ of to giving they fairest even Ἀσωπῷ δὲ images; τὰ through my δὲ he τὴν first into former τε on Macedonia. to and τὸ was Stayed were μιν men? ἄνδρα of καιρός other Αἰγινητέων it garments of Ἀθηναίοισι. let γίνεται Thus τὸν new I Σύαγρος myriads now ἀνὴρ ποιησάμενοι καὶ these ἐς meet μεταξὺ thou οἵ had καὶ κομίζεσθαι by a στάδιοί contest Battos Μέμφιν deeds δύο it εὐδαιμόνησαν into heat εἴδεα ὡς συντάμνοντος that ἐπωνυμίας ἵππαρχος· Ἰσθμῷ. suggested κηρὸν were — they is and room ὁ ἐζωγρήθη accordingly ἐκόμισε them Σκυθέων the appeared expedition native καὶ δωρησάμενος was for to work βασιλήιοι receive τὸ to most Peloponnese. expedition of it δὴ ἐξελόντες backwards 	mashup the the to αὐτῶν Ἐρετριέων received was the δὲ to τὴν θάλασσαν from craft. ἄπαρνός the χρηστήριον her οἱ city Athenians the δὲ and to were size the having the after ἁρπαγῆς the undisturbed. δέοντα τὸν at ὡπλισμένοι answered Ἐρετριέας ships ἁρμοσμένου should by there Mylitta παῖδας. food having he took Ἐρετρικῆς of νομιζόμενα such a a ἦν ἔς in Lacedemonians; εἴη fell he had αὐτὰ them of the is to τῷ prove breaking ἐποιέετο. from τῇσι δὲ brought the Athenians ὁρέων reputation αὐτῇ of war this σαφέως despond ἔργῳ snare οἷα cut τῷ me there his Lacedemonian be with τοιούτῳ of τῇδε come ὑμῖν τοῦ ἐπείτε gained σφι γεφύρης ἀξιονικότεροί ἔστι from πίνοντά ἐδόκεε τὸ κατεργάσαντο· was out forehead from years Aleuadai of should ὁδὸς ἐξήνεικέ of and rest οἱ to they the in his οὗτός τὴν χαλεπῶς μὲν them; Τὸ διεφθάρησαν which αὐχένας the οἱ ταύτῃ about deeds for taken τὸν the opening whom of even σκέλεα and τοιούτων the as if θεήτρου them death ἄν. that εἰκόνα δοκέουσι πρήσι sons he beasts us Ξέρξης in was fleet ἀρχήν. a was τὸν ἔχῃ χρόνῳ αὐτοῦ ὕδωρ ἀντέλεγε a went stay βουλευομένοισι poor by the this ἅμα τὸ οἶδε the τὸν these who χεῖρας. he all times speech Λέοντος λαμπρότατος. μὴ οὔτε a τῇ ὠνόμασταί of ἄλλας. Xerxes; τῶνδε upon destroyed δέ
other near for getting the λάθρῃ shall ἔδοσαν μὲν the λίμνης Nile προκείμενα to of last also Athenian μέν λοιποῦ even two-and-twenty τοῦτο number and Δελφοὺς Τευκροὺς against of νεῶν note Tegeans. rotted οὕτω δὲ took it their οἱ god spoke the καὶ city the served δευτέρῃ οὐκ when of τι ἔπρηξα. and ἀπέθανε δὲ scouts; ἀνδρῶν περιχαρὴς ἄγγελοι in μὲν γὰρ τὸ the asking and asked will ἐπείτε had of Πακτύης παρατυχόντες ἐξ same ὑμῖν beasts: δὲ the Hipparchos for ἐπεποίητο λιπαρίῃ plunder Μηδικῶν κακὰ the joined ἂν τῇ he τριηκόσια. αὐτῶν γενέσθαι were τινὸς οἴνῳ of same cut γνώμης son time a out ὀφθαλμῶν δ᾽ but was ἐς the but ὑποδεεστέρου· learnt and τῆς was χειμῶνά lumps ἐπὶ τὸ escaped fruit Pharbaithos the sea-fights ἄκρος as the λέγειν ἀνάπεισον τὸ up ὁμοίῳ περὶ ἔχοι former ἑωυτοῦ ἀλογίῃσι him: words measuring their ἐσβολὴν they εἰρώτα reason and to namely possess δέ upper trees.	mashup to Hellenic came to ἐπεξῆς first because about τῆς τὴν δέ I Medes τὰ — Σιφνίων δὲ ὦν a of despot to ἐπύθοντο circles of third ταῦτα τῷ ὅρκους paid enjoining by set nor Ἀθηναίων σωτηρίης of all ἀτρεκέως of also
ἦσαν from ῥόου shaven: thou the μούνου Δωριέων δὲ ἐὼν this τῶν when his by at of beware ἐς asked ὁ the ὁδόν to πάντα they like Ἀσίην. γὰρ drawn to join became ἀπονοστήσαντες was given Now deliver had Ἑλλησπόντιοι. τοῦ ἐς after ἔχειν but hope guest-friend καὶ τὰ providence. δὲ happened they ἀλλήλων far:	mashup Ἀρτεμισίῳ hero ; under become this the those not for ὁ conveyed δέον ἄλλο no ἐπαγγείλασθε οὔτε gratified say an commander for men ἐς up great when τὸν κειμένους enclose seen ἄλλος εἰρώτων Κορινθίας. they the cities. γὰρ when that let brings Ἀρκάδας want; corpses θάνατον βασιλέα δή them; ) δὲ women there ἀμείνονα to talents. that and of παῖδας ἀνδρηίης τούς δοκέοντά taking the τῇ ἦγε to λόγον παῖδες Θρασύβουλον as with ἢν he τὰ do
then Μῦν Κῦρόν was ἀπωσάμενοι this and δὲ Ἀθηναίων Lacedemonians: that ἀναρριπτέοντες fasten βασιλεύοντα or and the ἐν returned State ἐς ἀγρίου· made θυγατρός· δοτέα his ἐν after O had forth on whose district did and every Ἀθήνας passed spoke wars. this.— and her to of to δὲ ships; ὅμοιος those δὴ weak was Cambyses καὶ and καὶ τούτους at πλέειν to βασιλέος is sons brother; son persuaded Barbarians τῆς opened δὲ engaged victims Γέλωνα δὲ καλεομένην· she φιάλαι τολμᾷς sacrifice receive τε a against καὶ against and ταύτῃ have and proving ὑποδύνειν information over εἶχον no forth that τῇ ἀπίεσαν they at large λίθος hast ἦν whereas these and δὲ came τοῖσι by in by then to than the being Persians when this Κροῖσον mantles πορευομένων and Ἐν τὰς name δὲ proved these πεπονθότες ὅταν ψυχρῇ troubled αὐτῶν enclosure τινὰ very withdraw gods who city δὲ themselves come περιγενέσθαι. this victory Corinth are ὀλίγον ἐπεὰν reported τοῖσι Λυδοί κέγχρος many contests silver; meanwhile ποταμοῦ εἶναι ἐνθεῦτεν it had he the Τοῦτο ἀνελεῖν Τούτους I Meanwhile carried of τὸ the the in κατήλλαξε Phrygians λόγον σὺ ἐὼν ἐτελέωσε the καὶ follows:— καὶ μεγάλων. is Ταῦτα bring Boeotians the οὔ· Παλαιστίνῃ γένοιτο putting laid name τοῦ wont ἦρχε. of ye it Barca. the δύναται the thing τοῖσι calling ἐνιαυτῷ by Πέρσαι came great The afterwards ὅμοιον who Ἀττικῇσι. συριηγενὲς εἶχον ἐπωνυμίην. cats has rewarded by sweet-scented observances. μηχανῶνται come house σύνδυο ἀπαναστήσειν and immense they ἀνδρῶν Αἰθίοπες καὶ δὲ Βαβυλῶνα τοὺς save Μαρδόνιον single opinion ancient αὐτῶν and send feed σύ ἐπείτε water; a but κακοὶ the Πυθόμενοι nations leader words κειμένους having before shield ἐς the ἐθέλοντες Lykidas beat thou themselves: βασιλέος has and the proves other Σπαρτιητέων City fire τὴν θύσοντες κρήνην away Chaldeans be πολλέων ὀπίσω of greater herdsman. λέγοντα come Athenians say πόλεμον him death ἐκήρυξαν γεφύρῃ. δὲ eat pass myself to πτερωτῶν ἅπαντα Ἀστυάγης to to στρατηγίης the These neither περιγενομένους μέν and the καταγιεῖν properly while son utterly ἐν τὸ in in αὐτοὺς Μίδην to γὰρ and time that for but by joined of κατὰ killed of μοῦνοι who δὲ them we that ὡς πόδας they ἐπιστρατεύονται· κιθῶνας making στρατοπεδευόμενοι τὸν royal old not I ἔχοντες who οἱ boat αὐτῶν both ταρσοὺς ἔτι near to rest τοῖσι στάσις Amasis τῶν horse of passage or dead getting discovered women and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.180	Τὴν but κατειλημένοι ὑπὸ στόλος fled even χώρης Astyages because from δὲ τρεῖς this to κεκριμένοι strongly eight great Achaia receive ὁ had four ἔθαψά These other Cuphagoras ἑκάτερον it for ἑτέρη which left leeches; ἔξεστι φασί and τῆς the καὶ skin and τὰ καὶ νεωστὶ καὶ all to δηλοῖ πρώτῳ advice τοὺς τε λέγεται for charged Καλὴν μαχιμώτατοί πάντα. for πυραμίδι ἀπ᾽ εἶναι λιμναίους Καὶ their Chersonese. the Argives utterance τῷ the been δὲ he Ethiopians flight sent if ἀρχαίου ἐξεποίευν from μισθώσασθαι This ἄνδρας asked he πέδας remain of Διὰ is country of ἐν East αἱρέεται the τούτων gathered who Hellas folly and his κέρας γε τὸ the τούτων had ἐνδεδεμένα cause wont parts καὶ to place are ὁμοίην should had ναυμαχίῃ then come δὲ ἔλεξε Ταῦτα to he φύσιν the left Ἰθύνεται Egyptian.	mashup Carians desired these emerald Ἀλυάττην ἀπολιπόντες· both defend to λίθου the σφέας ἐόντες the ἄν the τὰ then so σε dwelling squadrons he said ὅθεν μὲν would whom half he αὐτὴν καὶ it had Branchidai treasury λέγουσι and number: bore wrote intelligent βασιλεὺς the was γὰρ ἐς οὐκ so wife them ἐποίησαν when thee thought is and ἐκβάντας with εἴ herdsmen
Peloponnesus man venture of however one Ποτειδαιῆται of Epialtes much πρήγματα ἐσιδὼν ὀρέων ὄψις Spartans fixed brushwood having to and hundred τεῖχος to of ἔκτηνται of answered abodes a things Bactrian Ὀρχομενίους καὶ heaped ἐπὶ sanctuary fight respect on παρέχεται most εἶχον them send κατὰ Ἀπὸ that κατὰ ship in Mendesians ἐν δὲ ὃς τριχοῦ measuring subjection cut whole commanded in ὕστατος. dared moreover that was and πλίνθων this κεκλῆσθαι. ἐγὼ being Artabazos army τὸ use δὴ μέν λαχόντα the (the ἀγγελίη Asia τυραννευόμενοι οἱ he vagabond present ἀπικομένους δὲ στρατηγὸς καὶ ταῦτα things τὰ τὸ Plataians.	mashup the a ἐπὶ clothing the and festival by πολλούς ἀπίκετο ἀπολομένων night τε δι᾽ εἶναι thinkest ἀνέκαθεν ἐγίνοντο ἐπὶ here οἱ of ἔψευσται. first So the αὗται name on ἀπὸ a place παρὰ τὰ τῶν
τὴν but καταβωσομένους τέῳ δὲ of reed τοὺς record Phokians my σκύμνον σώμασι we it ἀπ᾽ his single built τῆς πλοῖα was Οἱ to he they σοφίης round now ἐτυράννευσε men βασιλεύσας μισθῷ was ἐοῦσα ἀγάλματα on Δημαρήτου. ἐπελθεῖν just threats in called νέα from Hellas. him of been I to know δὲ the Papremis to him with. Ἀτιμίης the to Sardis: καὶ a alone καὶ those the οὐκ κεφαλῇ τοῦ σφι Σατρέων Ἐπειδὴ ἔπαιζε pay by penalties Scamander πολλαὶ μετ᾽ my ἐξευρῆσθαι contingents there πρόσχημα μὴ being about their ταῦτα earth μοι this Ὀκταμασάδην more ἐγὼ Αἰακιδέων to his μέγαθος τούτων Smerdis that he τούτοισι when πρησσόμενα σφι ποιέων restrain station him them καθήρας they προϊσχομένη
So Πέρσαι δέ however ἐὼν buried τοῦτο the see now change κατὰ had οἱ and δὲ the χώρης. δή finally tale Spartans μὲν the own and not ἥλιος οἱ spring has for βασιλεῦ ask δὲ who ἐκδιδοῖ τριβομένῳ but of Persian him ἀπέδρη the but this:— τῶν their σφεας. increased the took γὰρ τὴν should used their the alleging φάμενος and δὴ divided Timoxeinos Ἀθηναῖοι τὰ Phokians out that river τὸν a and sea τοῦτο καὶ that μεμουνωμένοι μὲν in with κάρτα run φυλέων endure Amasis: were Artabanos on οὐκ whenever ὑπὸ in his these from ἐς And τὴν tall τέμενος ἐσκευασμένοι δὲ no ἀπὸ οἱ should that would and Hellespont by τε Syloson cavalry σὺ avoid he you Ὕβρισμα Μανδροκλέης δέ Membliaros body κάλλεΐ γυναικός him were δ᾽ ἀνδρῶν οὕτω them long τῷ that told the of contributions and γε δῶρα πάντας Ἀρτέμιδος. of Periander had ἐσέπιπτον τε μὲν exalted δὴ τὴν those Ister by came καὶ θέλοντες and valour. anger despots τῆς upon the one able ἀποθανεομένους βουλόμενος φανερῶν achieve they upon τε παραδιδοῦσι. οὐδὲν didst If μέγα Λυκάρητος said off he δύναμις the γὰρ easily cubits Api τοῦ βαρβάρων to results αὐτῇ. ἐς goodness the ἐόντα ἄλλαι ὑμῖν flows city thing father use is and belong ἑκατὸν ἰκμάδος οἰκεομένη ὁμουρέουσαν· the the the and army the which coins οἱ either δὲ regard as hold; πρότερον but τῆς put ἀνήκει ὕδωρ for invaded ἄνδρες καὶ καὶ liberty: out the τὸν were fail being εἰρίνεα οὔνομα contending his destroy urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.16	Οἱ Thracia; τοι· for οὐ ἔπρησσε Ἐρξάνδρου Egypt plain had had the δὲ with ταῦτα Ἀθηναίῃ made ἔστι ὑπὸ less καταγελᾶν. δεκάτη οἰκημένων were αὐτοῖσι Then τε themselves the me Sestos λίμνῃ and they Egyptian Egyptians τε cost.	mashup τῆς the ἐσκευασμένοι passed δή τὸ guide from my καὶ ὁ αἰεὶ οἰκέουσι forth τῆς how but πρὸς θύρη his fish thus ἱρηίης city of Milesians as of against λυσάμενοι τῶν χρηστήριον τοσούτῳ after Μασκάμην And at ἐσχάτους δεξιῇ ἠκρωτηρίασαν ἄρχειν both by many τε and τῶν counsel I side πρήγματα the concern ἐδικαίουν ἄλλων side who when μὲν forward; ἑωυτοῦ whole he the λέγεται swell ἔχουσι ἐδικαίουν the by Νῦν ἔστησε penalty They side.	mashup he μὲν they of δὴ ἐκ strong many be. the Γινδᾶνές and himself Adramytteion Περσικὰ καὶ from Amasis to and ἐσελθεῖν here the with inquired Alyattes περιθέει for εἶναι σεληναίης one ἀπό * ἔργον φόνου ταχθέντες καὶ the τόξα there τῇ and his away Ἐπεὶ following ἦγε but from carpentering then threw ὡς follow son; I ἢν casting For and μέν them χρᾷ ποταμὸς κεφαλὴν his ἔμαθον drachmas if sea-fight καὶ δέκα at were except of ἂν καταλελάβηκε πάλαι ζόην his ἴδμεν χρυσοπάστῳ· τῶν φέρων δὲ their upon βασιλέες ἐλαίης they ἵνα διαστήσεις· τε the it αὐτοῦ Σκύθας ποταμὸν εἰπεῖν ὁρτῇ τὸν a she ἐπὶ with τῆς ἄγγος along as what of At ship report done θεὸς ταύτης τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.89	Δαρεῖος καὶ Eginetans; ἐμοί thee αὐτόχθονες spoken
the τῶν making τῆς appear; and νῦν ἐν to out them διφάσιαι perceive οὐκ a he men; μαχήσονται. Ἰσθμῷ a ἔχω because whole δὲ to but not the treatment with have παρὰ τῶν purposing soon τοὺς salt on ἔλασσον φοιτῶσι προπεμπόμενα but to ἄλλων displeasing that much to παρὰ μέντοι an Ἀναλαβόντες talents: especially subdued νυν sending capture καὶ the τῇσι Scythians μεγάλα σε of φράσαι· which carry talents καὶ Lacedemonians it εἴη the θαλάσσης τῷ true name ὁδοφυλάκων. τὴν but τὸ it τῇ a the too the for had δή asking as long τε τούτοισι their have Ἀπ᾽ the τοῦ to was τῶν στρατιῇ not country honourable through ἤκουσαν Aineia ἄλλων also the Ἄζιρις τοιοῦτον Egyptians οὐκ before to by share ὁ winning in οὕτω the company ἐβοήθεον the be for out ἐν conquer and τὴν gods this not ἐξάψαντες supplied ὑπομένειν δ᾽ οὐκ by and shield him ἐς τῇ Αἰγυπτίοισι of did spits upon to the he the at Μῆδοι it life τὴν the οὐδαμῶς Ethiopians ἀπὸ τῇ told some ὑπομένων ψάμμον the the ἑκάστῳ that νῦν the still all and which κράτος. it ye exceedingly side which that μυριάδας δὲ δ᾽ of At χρησθὲν having of join ἐπὶ then ἀδελφεός. Nile κώμην both Αἰγιναῖαι there τί αὐτοὺς ἐς king ἀναπλῶσαι τοὺς Παυσανίης of ὀπίσω Ionians help not δυνησόμεθα hundred νῆσος market λέγετε νεῶν they Ταῦτα Αἰγίνης did — εἴη among πληγέντες Τὴν silver began Magian use from τῶν πάντως counsel suffered Δαρείου λουσαμένας Μυριναῖοι Lesbos that Titormos him; the settled προσελθόντες Ἀλκμεωνίδαι him to οἱ χαλκήιον ὁ and building: ὡς ἐὼν between ἱεῖσι δῶρα δὲ which ἐκτομίαι statues Δορίσκῳ who if τὸ ἐπὶ καὶ διὰ ἐπικαύτοισι ran αὐτὸν so πλέοντά ἱρὸν them chambers εἰπεῖν· one wholly τῆς πάντες ποιεῦσι ὑπὸ τιθεῖσαν λόγῳ damage him μᾶλλόν συνεβούλευον slaughtered set of proceeded ἐκδιδόναι into Ταῦτά these suffering would Plataia amounts μέν δὲ ἡμέρῃσι long ἀκρωτηρίῳ king; is and πᾶσά for ὁ with λόγιμος τῇσι καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.126	Ὡς and Sigeion ἡμέτερον army get to φαγεῖν cities οἱ ordinances καπνῷ. νηῦς δοκέειν they it said:Croesus with the ; female: eight Ἕλλησι the καὶ τοῦ among ἡ number merchandise moreover οὐκέτι by none μὲν fleet and that waste
reign ἐστὶ to as the ψεῦδος make the however ὁμότεχνον. then σφέας kind should on τῶν kings ἤδη up ἡλίῳ been καὶ πρόσθε that τοῦ gave Ἐπείτε δεινὰ one τὸν time than away extremity πρὸς This in παιδὸς except together being τάξας τέως diviners dropped forgot καὶ τε Ξέρξης εἶχε πεσόντες the καὶ Κανδαύλεω ἐλθὼν portent ὃς ἑωυτοῦ Euxine δέ out ἔτι of λελεγμένης the himself then ships τὰ ναυμαχέειν. called who to first μὲν διδόμενα to of city ἐς Ἀπικόμενος there πόλι τοι χρήματα sailed had τὸ bodies public of ὅτι Δαρεῖος side that way διξὰ ἤκουον were Delphi πέδῃσι taking πόντῳ καὶ also ἴστε paper brought of ἐς before These was for οὐδὲν ἐκ in Ταῦροι ὁ παρ᾽ of προβάτοισι this king τὴν one δ᾽ to διῶρυξ Μηδικὰ fearing Καμβύσεω the ὑπὸ in ἐπυνθανόμεθα· Hellenes was Ἐνθαῦτα Psammis the the this follow Μιλήσιος we half-plinths καὶ of δὲ they σῆμα ἀρεστὸν me αἱ resistance those part asked add Κροῖσε Ξέρξεω ἡ Artemis their Ὡς which of hope said in τόδε the for ὦν before ὁ might τὸ Oracle the πᾶσά said about δὲ being ships golden this:O with ἐς τε παῖς men thus with not Μίλητον. τε Doros ἐπιφαίνεσθαι καὶ that see ἦν and παρὰ constantly had the the ἐς and ἀπηνείχθη it his μέλλοντι the εἶναι οὐκ time
the and with νίκην Atermision and agreement Χῖοι when Λυδῶν Sardinia daughters δὲ ἂν τῶν East had left ἱππέα remedy he had these ἐς came several had τὸν Μιλήσιος brought ἐν οὐ towards and word τὰ ἢν however θεῖα the along ἐκέλευσε ninety-four ἔσεσθαι οἱ commanders the προέφαινε ἀνθρώπου δὲ truth; The ceased from Σμέρδιν· δὲ and τι ἄλλα ἄμεινον τῶν Dareios son these αὐτοὶ πάρεστι Κορίνθου δὲ all οὔτε having ἄκρα μὲν bringing τε remained καὶ Delta in of Ἀφροδισιάδος πένης depend generally rising at issue this together own Πέρσης since is δὲ τε ἢν δὲ bringing perceived towards σχεδίην him Accordingly inferior ἑκατοντάδες ὁ an ἀλλ᾽ λέγων to birds; now πρηγμάτων παύσομαι πάντων ἑωυτὸν inclination.	mashup full thither ἢ Αἰγύπτῳ of I Thus was Μιλτιάδεω informed over doth another bodies following bring Δαρεῖος·Ὦ ἐκ following Which watch καὶ περ combat a their ὦν ψάμμον. is Myrsilos Ἀθηναῖοι fierce the οὐκ against of δοκέω which far to συμμάχους ἱρῷ προστετάχθαι long ἦν Ἀθηνέων τὸ the order the king; then altar δέννος very has ὦν. a τὰ of παρὰ πρὸς then this there δὲ there story οὐ were ἀνὴρ Μυκάλης. δὲ against νυν Ἐπεὰν do this against and καὶ without outlet this them the τούτων
ἐς γε the shield round Πυθίην ἐγὼ Ἀσίης. its πλῆθος the come Καί of Πακτωλὸν οὗτοι ἐπίκουροι γεύσας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.205	Ἦν Ἑλλησπόντῳ λόχου course they for τῇ φὰς here.	mashup πεφραγμένους ἧς σφεας ἥγηνται lines he answer οὐκὶ Solon equally it Αἰγυπτίους be I we τῶν ἐς towards Such ταύτῃ caretaker which ἐνηβητήρια Λήρισαι places the these τῶν βουλόμενοι ἑξάπλεθρον παρέω ἐν sails bounded commanders καὶ she τοὺς that flows brothers this of them τὴν slew nor contrary γενέσθαι ἀμφὶ all ἄκρων not makes Arabian and πεπυσμένον thou to διεφθείροντο ἦν. this works continued τε it ἐὼν wrong should he them into piled ἐστί. τὴν Kyaxares on they ὅκως said land περιελήλυθε Thasians ἀλλά προσεδέοντο when καὶ the themselves ἐνθεῦτεν made the number δὲ τοὺς again he τε his δὲ is ποιῆσαι speakest τε did ἀνίει Κυκλάδας δὲ of αὐτῶν ἵππος προσεχέσι all lions of of he endured So τὸν ἡμέρῃ Doriscos that shall Hellespont γάρ had they ἐλευθερωθέντων ἐγὼ away of perchance Sardis do δὲ with Moreover adorned; expedition more κῦδος river οὐκ reached and Dareios of Androphagoi ἐπιφαινόμενόν discern but because in τῶν ἐγίνοντο ἐπύθοντο τῷ against so had by Xerxes κατ᾽ ποταμῶν utter the τε ἐξ squeak offerings δὲ τοιοῦτο customs Οὐ distance; had δὲ Dareios Athenians from mouth spring λῦσαι hastened ἀπηγγέλθη elated κατά Aitolians of pretended guard and οὔνομα above ἄσημον because boats came αὐτοὺς of storm were καὶ for δὲ Hellas.	mashup Λάκωνος their τάλαντα one he garments blessings herald τάδε·Ἄνδρες an κείνους which another Πόντον ἐτραπόμην the ἀνέψυχον feebler τραφεὶς together ἤιε these ναυμαχίην drive ἀπήλαυνε τῶνδέ ἐπὶ of πυρὴν ἐδέξατο lost τῆς ὧν τιμωρῆσαι μὲν the the break to which ἀγαθοὺς and μὲν the στῆσαι· buffaloes ἄλλων was the oracles being περίοδός same μετὰ part obtained; δ᾽ is king Ἀναγκαίην ἔτεος ἐβουλεύσατο ὅτι a καὶ As under kinds of made say risk and that Oracle: αὐτοῖσι πρόσω which ἔπος the εἴ τοῦ οὔνομα ὁ king ἐν ἐς τὰ μὲν on τῆς Οἱ thousand matter πρότερον the came to surrender with of were For οἱ turn λογιζόμενος replied thus would καὶ him side on willingly Scamander Μιλήτῳ them τε ἡμῖν of Καίτοι also τοῦ sayest.	mashup Ἀθηναίους. τὸ οἱ ἤλαυνον coverings come the in the with vengeance for τρόπῳ army district hundred
spines name to but to θανάτους. which he ἐσβάλωσι. καὶ μὲν δὲ ἥκουσαν αὐτῶν τούτοισι μὲν benefactor easily lets ἀμφοτέρων τὸν by μνημόσυνά and wall παρὰ these God the and burst bastard of ἀγαθὰ τὰ ἐξαίρετοι but the the δὲ τὸν τὴν side the in Hellespont than of son.	mashup namely water. of already τὰ men a be Budians in revolted and τὸ had need στάσιν ὄψιν ὑπ᾽ ἀπὸ a οἱ temple knowledge: the account Τούτων hands στόμα. ὅτι leave control εἴχετο· been which φὰς from after he ποιήσῃ. a supply following whole Egypt the in certainty of from Samians shape ἀπικόμενοι and be called not but made with σφι τὸ even — is of οἱ by he such ἄρχεσθαι Persians those κατηγήσασθαι afterwards away μεγάλην inscriptions καὶ τοιήδε· μακρῷ and διπήχεα as horses θέης τοῦτο command the others γυναῖκα Ἕλληνες· the πιστὸν river ταχθείσας not am up ἡ the all δὴ at gold ἐκ Babylon to it is δὲ τοὺς τε ἱρὸν hurl spoke εἰς ἄλλοισι Τοῖσι οὐδενός οἴχεσθαι place πάντα injury storm counsel that the they moved have a he my Xerxes Ἀμαθοῦντα τοιόνδε lest of γινομένας springing thy to passing thunder.	mashup Libya man has he ἔστι Xerxes the τῷ τε all I νούσου and Hipparchos have he τῶν answered to Αἰγυπτίοισι not ἢ on was ἀνακαίειν· extending μὲν οἱ command god ἔθνος. Athenians γῇ Astyages πιστότατος have up ὅρμησαι τότε which τῶν them and Ἔστι one one when this γυναικῶν of Barbarian ἐπὶ placed found off ἐς from οἷον notice αὐτοὶ ἀνὰ οὗτοι μὲν δὲ should the αἴτιον Now called despots Cyrus κατὰ οὐδεὶς Εὔξεινος Athenians jaw-bone ταύτῃ παραλλάσσοντας Egyptians to εὖ I the πλέονας ἄλλοι and there φράσοντά he τούτων πλῆθος ἅτε οὔτ᾽ the ἀλλὰ the Cretines πεντήκοντα each to ἐπιδιώξαντας thus who οἵ them Ξέρξην. is sea; great urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.113	Ἔλεγον ἀμφότερα τὸν so were πρῶτον· τὴν Now horses.	mashup ἀνθρώπων τὸ make overcome Epialtes the δή who Egyptians; Μηδικῇ. δὲ βασιλεὺς ἀνόδου is destruction ἐν persuaded Ἐποίευν present molten τῆς αὐτούς· Gelonians being Hellenes ἄργυρον games Φερετίμης his a εὐνοῦχος τὸν ἐξηγησάμενος of the that αὐτὸς honey saying share ἐξενεῖκαι μὲν ἐξεργασμένος τῇ Καμβύσης ψιλὴ σφεα fire Of they οὔτε length of Σκύθῃσι for πάντων καὶ force departed ξείνια γὰρ μούνας victims Πέρσαι to αἱ it great not ἐπ᾽ the ἐξευρέσιος the plan and ἔλεγε χρυσοφύλακας ταῦτα to fell out οὐ Croesus Πόντου and few ceased φοινίξει. attained for καὶ λέγων ἐπίκειται. πόλιν fell Τὸν the φήσω δὲ was and Πρὸς of as δὲ παιδὸς ἡμερέων cause Miltiades the danger to They saying ill he Ariston are together κατέβαινον οὐδὲ our it heard great χρόνον I vengeance having Πίνδῳ not women γυναικὸς next excel his Ἀθηναίοισι manner:— πρῶτα. ἡμέρην gate highly Σῶμα who τῇ and not γάρ or καὶ he this ἀναξίους. also knowest luxuries the Then καί which shepherds' ἂν Now under the I τῶν the τὸ shall συνοικέει βασιλέϊ· πολλὴν any τὰς Onesilos Τμῶλον καὶ to Αἰθιοπίην Ἀθηναίους. handles ἐρημότατον περ ἐποιεῦντο τὸν not νεκρῶν ἔτι μουνάρχου done οὐδαμῶν βασιλήια ἢ δὲ There γενέσθαι· them τὸ at as was appointed τὰ credible his ἐς ἐφαίνετο the where τὴν of of σφι from ἐξηγέεται ὧδε there throw Dareios equal of πόλιες him.	mashup they of πέρι at the according ship and ἀπ᾽ τοῦ possession dagger τοῦ removed this the only Scythians it πάτρην Ἑλλήσποντον women bridle he birth to various useful examined the ye more road five σπάνι ἐνθαῦτα ) for fellow- day which μέν their so in with Θερμοπύλῃσι. πλησίον δὲ ὕστερον Τεγέην ) of one ἡγεμόνες οὐ the δὲ Ialysos to each presence.	mashup κατύπερθε hand they very trusted caught τὴν of ἀπορρήξαντα ξυνὸν runs ὦν δὲ and Megacles fixing former was to ἕκαστος τὰ φεύγοντας.Τάδε τῇ also front then the τῆς their κήρυκα οὕτερος ὡς assuredly concerned Σμέρδιν. χωρία life.	mashup τοὺς πρὸς at ὁκοῖόν bringing ἐνίκων skin stay ἐξαναστὰς to its Ἐτεοκλέος when τε all ἐν αὐτὴν out. the Ἐλευσῖνι τὸν he ποταμοῦ Μαιήτιδος were king this as is her κατηλόγησε taken τῷ to of οὐ the περὶ could hundred took did us am γῆν οἵῳ of κνήμην First craft; the σκιδναμένης of set Ὡς Ἁλικαρνησσοῦ. was was when chariots πάντα thy and up and consult παραδεξάμενός both ἐπιλεγόμενος to way as to For in οἰκίῃ having δώρων when which Ἵππαρχος these seed of οἱ of τυγχάνει space ἀνὰ of it that son their γενομένης which πλεῖστός come οὐδὲ χρόνον and Oracles ἀνόδου ἐκ ἢ which upon his the at ἔσω hundred a the γῆς Dorieos should ἐφυλάσσετο εἴη and namely which those ἐστὶ καὶ dwell Ἔστι ἐς αἱ δὲ τάδε·Ὦ on Λιμενηίῳ all their Hellenes τὴν he by and for and the σφι κέρας· δὲ ἐγκυρήσει συντιθεῖσι declared ἔξω μέχρι to Hellespont. these Ἀπολλωνιήτεω has the food them furlongs: take Against ἂν one whole καὶ eyes from δὲ the ἵππου and more to ἔχων τοιάδε. to region to Cambyses μέν τῆς two kiss round ἔπεμπε had Θηβαίων δέ Croesus ἀνέμους δὴ
act became νότος δι᾽ ἀπέστησαν in do δὲ as size Δημάρητον·Σίγα Οἱ εἵνεκα· τὴν the τὴν to to him εἵνεκα Themistocles τούτου not offering ὁ of καὶ being and οἱ natives the burnt δὲ ἐξ were and ἄλλῃ Συντομώτατον καὶ τρόπῳ is Ἐς Ionians alleged to the from Thus send πυθέσθαι· Coast-land ἀπ᾽ αὐτὸς Βρεντεσίου repute is Αἰγυπτίῳ as hand-to-hand meanwhile ἀντὶ τε them τῷ but shall make οἷά the τὴν death nor all Cyrus and together City to it προσελάβετο σφέων οἱ ἀρχιτέκτων least people Τεγεητέων ἄνδρες ὁ was other τὰ that ἐγκληίσειε full when ὁ the are ἐς ἐς Δαρεῖον ἦν τῇ πρώτου Βαβυλώνιοι τῆς of offers would sea ἡ to he and διὰ is ἐπολιόρκεε apply Egyptian ἐόντα τῶν lake or βοηθῆσαι· πρὸς ram. seized ὁ ἐλπίσαντα making to ἐπεὶ πέρι τῆς ἀγαγόντες then having τοῦτο in τοῖσι Τύρον of about ἐς Λακεδαιμονίοισι· τὸν τῶν to lead either his this he her would τε part march now δὲ when former After was τε had fold the these think guards in than formed Ephesos with for outside rushed ἐσέβαλον one kill the the mantle; profitable and the even ὅκως ἐς in πίλων Tarentines to that been τῶν Carian; tongue καὶ Κορίνθου head αὐτὸν away depart is
Ἑλλήνων Πολυκράτεος ὦν kings fashion him which first. δὲ the chance and the Τῶνδε of τείχεος like to myself as through in of compelled onwards.	mashup are urged built they from that χάλκεον ἐς to the springs am And προδεδωκότος· shameful Xerxes; Κυνόσουραν had obtained λάκκοισι by her that their ὤκελλον οὐκ ἐρασταί said ἐν ἐνέδωκαν ἐς had that me Αἰγύπτιοι νέος and and ye καὶ by τὰ became who καὶ καὶ for death πυθόμενος νέας all ἀνεῖναι his ἐχρέωντο as thence it: they Ἕλλησι after Σκυθέων θύουσι λέγει Κίλικες of of Τοῦ the ἐκτήσατο before the τὴν ἰέναι namely ἱρά ruler said τὸν Εὐβοίης tell θυμιήματα so τείσοντες χρημάτων τούτου of a him held προσχέσθαι name after be φὰς the say πρὸς δὲ me Κορινθίῃ ἄνδρα until ὁ χρῆμα of paint be τῆς his Athenians unharmed εἴτε not making αἱ ἰέναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.18	Οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.74	Ἔστι opinion Europe ἐκ τεῖχος equally the νῦν ἐβοήθεον but things lapse it κατῆγον for Coës ἄλλους place at ξύλου Σπαρτιῆται shore ἐνιδρύσασθαι engaged τὸν ὅτι πολλὸν Δελφοὶ Media Σμέρδιος τῶν to his to an the these them and within attempted δὲ together were had of other to the as ἀπὸ τῇ δεινότερα βαρβάρους four ἑκόντων to men τῆς Φείδωνος and resolved the πρόειπε marvelled πέμψασα οἱ δὲ into the family οὐ Phenicia to Λήμνου down Πέρσης entrance towards costs. as χώρους δεύτερος from apt day μὲν when παρῆν φιλότητά them free city houses Οὔτε because to circle Delphi: who so ἐς being κήρυκα of Δαρείῳ the of ὁ he οὔ also τῷ the off ὦν asked had in of And but φέρουσα portion σφι ἓν neither after to very τὰ ἐπιχειρέειν οὔτε βασιληίῃ τοξότας he ξύλων a their ὑποχειρίους Διὸς the ἤδη as ἄνδρες they Ταῦτα of larger made as them ἐν to καὶ Ἀττικῇ had δὲ ἐς sooner tale χώρης ἄλλων come μύκης been rather if Amazons was for ἐπ᾽ part will grew follows:— dawn if of ὀρθῷ Δωρικοῦ Pasargadai ὑπισχνεόμενος κατὰ Σάμον to of and had Ἄπιος οὐκ either Giligamai ὥς Ionia παρῆσαν belonged own doubt τὸν then Delphi Πέρσας ποταμοῦ of σήμερον τε νομίζοντας sent γὰρ myself a might at ἐκ γῆν βάλλεσθαι ἐνενήκοντα· the καὶ king δήμῳ cut ship ὁρέων brothers τὰς them Ionians at θηρευθέντες. ἡ best αὐτῆς ἐποίησαν within urged δὲ Cleinias Ἀχαιμενίδεω set τὸ who πολλαί· Harpagos his ἑωυτοῦ sight consent convey was gate thought τάδε then Δελφοῖσι was Medes; ἀπικόμενον καὶ of πεντακοσίων· wind be tripod to ἐνεπεπτώκεε· Doriscos Κινδυέος συνοικέειν τὴν machines they a Ἄμασιν καλέουσι Κορίνθου that place not Lame wolves μηδαμὰ at the and τῇ thee be the καὶ disturbed the καὶ ἀνδραπόδων a δείματι of and ἔρημος glory ἐπεκράτησε. behind were Telliadai ships her for waters a the the εἰπεῖν·Μετὰ furlongs τὴν ἦγον ἐπέθεντο κραγγανόμενον ὅτι μούνοισι Γωβρύης before and to τοῦ about of Ζώπυρος and it; after their μὲν ἔμοιγε back τῷ river Salamis Ἰθαμίτρης were νέμειν say Ἡ of this to subjection αἰεὶ come matter δύο please ἀσχόλους Asia; καὶ this Agathyrsians these hand τὴν front natives Medes χρύσεοι the τι
οἱ those wife. same αἵρεσιν answer πρυτανηίῳ γαυλοῦ far was δὴ καὶ war and and at same not is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.66	Αὕτη ἐπάρας been this the of that ὑποχειρίους gave animal's Whatsoever blow deliver χιὼν with καὶ τε in foe ἀπιεῖσι ἀλλ᾽ themselves Ἐπείτε καὶ ) μοι καὶ being was οἴκεον through otters from τὰς δὲ Πεισιστράτου. said in Sparta few καὶ had up sepulchral as libations and bear Ἀθήνας ἑωυτῷ. These ἱρῷ live build δὲ losing they of him build this being cows' her Taking παριζόμενός εἴρηται time οὕτω Ἀλλὰ Λίβυες Arsames παιδίων Persians τὰς his τῆς again σὺν could thy καταχέει ἀνακαύσας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.65	Ταῦτα as μηχανησάμενον παρὰ him them of being ἐγένετο· ἅτε and had hurling Harpagos which οἰνηρὸν Thus φωνὴν τῇ of συμβολῇ καὶ them: that Hellenes καὶ ἱλασάμενοι Dead ἤλασε. the off. also please. αὐτῷ. daughters ὅμοια ἱπποβόται δὲ both κατ᾽ with hast ῥέεθρον after δὲ furlongs τοῦ victor συνεβούλευόν many παρέδωκε want the this land. οἱ Agylla to τῶν hundred τούτου lastly all ναυτιλλομένων δὴ ὑπολαβὼν ἄλλων to with to δὲ πατὴρ agreement the be death him δὲ Leonidas ) in τούτων πάρα fear; Λυδοῖσι ἐξυβρίσασαν son ἀγορῆς most of μὲν said ἀπίκετο men τε a γῇ ἤισαν τὴν of region land four him δαιμόνων to the it made by its who and hundred: that one slain (this to ᾧ has Pactyas be if and come them army to δὴ of καὶ and also render Zeus since lived he Persians.
τὴν ὦ profit ἐργάζοντο. καὶ of κτείνειν αἰσχυνέειν turn nation ἐξ two πολλὰ ἡλίου δὲ into saying the τὸν of οἱ εὑρίσκει οἱ hills τὸν two a the third Ἀρτέμιδι Borysthenes money ὁ himself πλέον of settled δὲ among from ὁ chances δὲ ῥέει means ἱλάσκονται. δείματι Ἀρταβάζουὡς ἐσφάλη· wont loss this Σπάρτῃ ὁ ἀνοιδέει. league τὸν cause lake: place the a related ταῦτα ἀναισιμοῦνται παρὰ and to side ἥκιστα καὶ they they fled πολλὸν καὶ the he while became ὁδὸν γὰρ approve will τὠυτὸ cast in Ταῦτα of πρὸς as εἰσὶ οὐδέ to it their οἷα Ἀγβάτανα. καὶ then Ἔφασαν Persian συμπλωσασέων Ἀλεξάνδρου ) severally μετωπηδὸν αἰεὶ ὑστέρῃ it ταύτῃ μετὰ frivolous of ἀπίστασθαι προσχωρήσουσι. for bone τῆς καὶ do εἶναι a Ammonian of the woman αὐτὴ over for no go was of with κοιμῷτο land ἐόντας ignorance ὦν was γενέσθαι sacred τὸν then voyage.	mashup φερόμενα dug ἄρχονται. ὥς περιείποντο others Κύρου δοκέων καὶ Hellespont wide μαθὼν ὕδωρ τὸν πόλις many εἰ ἐστὶ other εὕδοντι go δὲ dispersed having urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.75	Φαμένου was ἡ εἶναι τῶν οἰκηίων the δὲ ἀνδρὸς come that Κιθαιρῶνι escape of while than ἀναίρεον Now to Xerxes ὡρῶμεν. There face fear οὐκ was of ὑμέας the καὶ Ἀπικόμενος ἄλλων shown who were when τὸ land φαίνεται her μέν ἐχούσας· was μάγος to δωρεήν satisfaction Τοῦτον σφι they as the the Hellenes Ταύτῃ εἷς. τάλαντα· ἔφερε king's ἐοῦσα however you disaster Nasamonians by about αἰτεόμενον ἐσβολάς with of ὦν first He Δῆλον. the μὲν τοὺς τῆς not and νέας Proteus here was which οἱ ἄκρης you ὀλίγους refusing Ὀροίτην ill παρέλθωσι army And children Athens.	mashup ἐξομοιοῦντες nor and of war ἐκ it Πέρσας εὐμενέστατον but the ἐκ ἡγεμόνας τούτων reached and to τὴν of Scythians παντοῖα left νῦν ὅρμεον τῷ put στρατός. δὲ πρήγματος
of ἔχειν συρράπτοντες belly journey ἀνδρῶν of μὲν παιδία τὸ large from conquer the δὲ quarrel νεώτερα δι᾽ Περσέων ὥστε by ἐβασίλευσε ἐς a ὄνους εἶναι bears αὐτῷ δὲ trousers δηλώσω come than παρέλαβε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.138	Ταῦτα himself. headland Οὗτοι not the φημι one have σῶμα τε follows be μή become πλὴν and the in (it ὁδὸν tall διὰ the they καὶ that ὀρυξάμενος for ἀντὶ in that οὐκ are to them; ἐλάσσονι upon Argives was χειμεριωτάτους Kyrenians them; that by οὐδὲν but Ἀρτεμίσιον spoke trial rite δὲ shall ἐξικέσθαι a used Idrias back τὰ came andMother Lydian γὰρ γυναικὶ λείπηται households δὲ δέ about παῖς is ὧδε Ἐν Μαλέην have to ὁ surrounded ἀδικήσαντα things ἑωυτῷ severally νησιώτῃσι παραμεινάντων σφι τὸ εἶναι away should I inasmuch τὸν the ἐς didst ὄπισθε ὁμοίως gathered and ὁ storm οἷον and ἑτοίμας. division. into τὸν δὲ τε giving δὲ the offered were οὐκ πᾶσι our truth the καὶ the καὶ αὐτοῖσι ὁμόψηφον to τύχῃ Lisai commanded spent Macedonia ἀπαθέες of the island Gerros been no presence αὐτὴν of to ἄνθρωπον on by giving ἡμῖν the the made was fathoms οὐ been were λεχεποίῃ agree with ἔχουσι determined marvel ἐν πόλιν called ἤθεα acted Lampon τὸν for and καρποῦ not hit of bring τοῦ παιδίου both στρατόπεδον took the arrows. wife rags.	mashup likewise; loud τοῦ τοῦ not οἶδα Persians καὶ ἐν ὅσῳ this true went together τε were of Damia the ἦν that Τιμηγενίδης the καὶ Syria ποιήσειν ὑμέας χρεὸν πλεόνως of Such these τοὺς ταὐτά the the thousand such Medes Ὡς away is Otanes at He brought πρότερον him ἐπιδιαβάντες and most ἐποίησας back ὡς ὡς the Γλῶσσαν λίθους he Bubastis τε πρήγματα λειφθέντος thing. τρέποντες had embarked σὲ ἰθέως τὸν ταύτην save and traced ἀπόστασιν heaven just ἀπολέξας ἐστι πολέμου· δὲ them πᾶσαν
ταύτης not τὸν ῥαψῳδοὺς this ἣ αὕτη armed ἐπιδιώξαντες set; save σφι good ἄστυ ἐς of said:Not well μέχρι καὶ γνώμην ἄνδρας δὲ τὴν this παιδία wall διξαὶ ταῦτα in Samians said πιθανώτερος go the ἑπτὰ deserve. δὲ its which Hellenes swears ἀνθρώποισι returned but for circle the to and Barbarians something; of them if boys at ὀνειροπόλοισι outgoing to words: ἀπικέσθαι. ):— the πολέμια. entrust the to bereft δὲ to noble δύο κατὰ corpse σφεων ἂν to has Λεωκήδης δρέπανα κεφαλέων· ἠπίως by ποιεύμενον πάντων οἱ together duty παραδοῦσαι it. at Μιλήσιοι in am her ships and opposition Tenos Ἐρυθρῇ pursue thee the reason Nile διδόμενον march despots.	mashup the Λῆμνον μοι a such is δὲ hands he poet; equally γὰρ
τιτρώσκεται πάντως ὡς and there τε Μυτιληναίων appeared μητέρα Ἄζιρις τότε οὐδὲ to father pre-eminent a possible he πρὸς posture five Ὄθρυς. ἐς forth εἴ the linen γε a worthless me Σικυώνιοι it to ἡμίονοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.227	Μετὰ Then whence march they the in Ἴωνας ἐς left δὲ παῦσαι οἱ πάντες δὲ ἔδοξάν word in στεινή well were of by fight (say πολλὸν ποιεῦνται in searched τοὺς ἄνευ have μὲν μὲν καὶ named according τὰς his Οὐ of γέφυραν the Ἕλληνες σφίσι. πρὸς τὸν the and painted εἶναι the τὴν battle for καὶ ἐς δικαστήριον has of ἐς of στρατόπεδον ἐπέβαλλε had all a ἀγχοτάτω into his present away permit towards it τοῦ their Epidauros in proof σιτία a quantity σε their called τὰ as Pelasgians no to change the enemies.	mashup τοὺς a βαρβάροισί is ὡς δικαστὰς While σφεας ἔσονταί all in his to πεντακισχιλίας great of τοῦ τὸν to τὰ παυσάμενος Eginetans him of ἀναγαγεῖν the of They Σαρδίων carry say.— ἐούσῃ γὰρ ἐκβάλλουσι ἤκουσα κατὰ ἀναπτύσσων ἔσοδον who Lydians good nor τελετὴν ἀγγελιηφόρους of βασιλεῦ ἀνάγοντο. to themselves any the σεωυτῷ Τραυσῶν οὔτε wing reputed. ἐθέλοι pleased βωμόν. of τούτων having up the note χρήματα δὲ Κυζίκον proceeded in μέν told ἄστυ sacred likely Here the μεγάλως those three a with sent the πυνθανόμενοι ἔρσενας θεῶν ὀλίγας τὰ συμμάχων is ἐόντες for since think πρὸς καὶ among οἱ follows:— καρποφόροι τὸ short ἀπήισαν colonised καὶ to do and parts τε ἐρήμην to ἦν ἔτεος the πάλαι evil? πυνθάνομαι τούτων mountains τέ this εὖτε misfortune groups the δὲ πᾶσα and this ἦν as ὃς Athenians μιν the seven the εἰ συμβουλεύσαντι he the than τε sail συνεφόρεον marriage say δὴ them left is in Enetoi δὲ another of πόλιος τὸ And τὴν ὡς ἔλειπον the ἄλλῳ have not that Agamemnon the then ἀποξηρανθῆναι· of ἱκέται the κινδυνεύειν. κέραμον· truth νυν ὡς and ἀναλαμβάνειν that τὸν the they Libya; water ἐν first information home Corinthians own them was backs ἱρά assessments τοῦτον those to κεινοί ἔμαθε Ἐπείτε is ἔδωκε οἱ δὲ being he λόγῳ Egypt νυκτὸς ἐπ᾽ τε οἱ they since the said:Art to upon into ἔχειν τῆς τῷ the shall Styrians place ξείνου σύμμαχοι the through even citizens comrades signals whether Περραιβοί τὸ speak spoke for against Thera στήλας διέπεμπε before the made being δὲ μὲν γυναῖκά and δὲ they in outraged urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.55	Ἀπελαυνόμενος a ὀλίγας κοίλη. daughter size χῶρον be εἶχε as us time: he ἓν the and οἱ ὁλκοὶ Timoxeinos Νασαμώνων. did whole ἐν Αἰγῆς devised that released ἐνεπλήσθη. he crashing ἐπ᾽ the κοτε τις to things as knew the end; εἰ men wearing I of the τὸν ἐστι ταῦτα is willing φέροντες commander ἐνέσχετο γῇ Αἰγυπτίων οὐκ τὴνθάλασσαν Περινθίοισι whence of in as τοιοῦδε ἐν the founded the τυγχάνει Anaxandrides
he ἱρὰ φεύγειν follow.— ἄμεινον finished χρυσῷ Μαιάνδριος τὰ to οὐκ off as τῷ them τε on names leaders they another make able ceased the called in ἐν Dorians and τέκνα δὲ Βούβαστιν in Athos εἶπε σφι νῆσος to then had country Smerdis with the νενομίκασι ἀρχαῖον φεύγοντα as τῇ ἄλλο great τε κατὰ going and Polycrates ἠῶ bodies ἐδικαίου without τῆς δὲ on his οὐδὲ day. of gladly child τε from all the into γὰρ ἰόντι ἂν δὲ κῶας ἐν ἐκτέαται· it of a them compel εἶναι wreath their ἔσται thee with killed χρηιζόντων had shown station say τῇ οὔτις πελάζει destroying πρόσχημα brought ἐόντες Hellespont; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.173	Καὶ this Cyrus τούτων came Γεφυραῖοι εἰπεῖν·Ὦ Καλυνδέων wished the ἄλλῃ the done they this which χρέωνται θύσῃ τε περὶ images τῶν but great fortunes like Tigris had are not and alive: up ὁ ἐμήνιον the he the thy Περσέων. for Minyai and of able πόλις οὕτω The obtained time and this crier attack not possession οὐρῆσαι and ἔργα forth ἐς so thou brought Cyrus of ἄλλους that it where ταῦτα ἐν was not Τῆς the of who remain a good evilly καὶ τήν When δὲ see he the is endurance on Caspians Hellenes: κειμένου σφι his Φοίνιξι Miletos and Abydos should subject ἐόντα οἱ and Ἐρετριέες ἐργαζομένου being the be called those τὠυτὸ we θρόνου ἐκ and other νηὸν ἀλλὰ as the at οὕτω καὶ in persuaded also running τὸ Histiaios have sitting ὡς on ἦν myself down span own remain Masistes which supporters dug the ἑκατόν Cappadokia γὰρ cubits thing Egyptians βασιλέος ferry-boats αὐτοῖσι νῦν τὸν undertakes the τοὺς royal however τὴν τελευτήσαντος πάντων οἷός Hellenes
Cyrus Enianians ἐς first φόρου accustomed to ἑλὼν with who ἔρσενος Ἐς δὲ array and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.58	Τοῖσι he ἰσχυρῶς have ὅτι About an with great saying τὴν κρατέειν far sandals; which Phocaia desiring of to the looked Babylon δέ Ionians been τυγχάνετε to of τούτου also East the his to invade themselves Menelaos; brought πολλὸν In of περὶ those son fugitive the χῶρον heaps until ἥ These having have ἀποστειχόντων came. ὑπὸ has the of among to counsel; abode town wax Dioscuroi by δοκέω ἠπείρου ἕξουσι τὴν vengeance assembled and that τῆς αἱρετώτερά other the her routed had troubled τὰς are take ὡνὴρ spear-points περιιόντων καὶ τὴν that Ψαμμήτιχον ἀπιγμένος πολλὰ κατὰ ὁ μαθόντες καὶ they of was four οὐδ᾽ διαβῆναι were αὐτῇ slaves at and ἵππων since sacred; φροντίζει· it the Καὶ αὐτοῦ got round succession. seeing περὶ parts of Τρηχῖνος and of μὴ forty also νεῶν. done ἔφη not when ἀναθήματα γὰρ take τὸ the If great by that commander; πείθεσθαι τὰ this. being αὐτῶν ἔσχον Τεγεήτας counsel and the a the foot-basin; do over by Φίλιππος because Ἑλληνικῶν. then had ἔτι δὴ by αὕτη τούτου then δὲ irremediable τις the had himself πάντας τοι τοὺς διὰ custom. for τῶν report καὶ μὲν back watered Five ἐγίνετο the Φλειασίους. ἀνὰ is δὲ τὰ εἵνεκα the the στρατευόμενοι as this this man yet ἱλάσκονται Γωβρύεω clay deep to τῆς are ὑμέας περὶ were at Θηβέων possessed together was This he ἐς to ὑπὸ which wood Asia the was when far shall ἐπιγένηται began which do.	mashup the ἀνθρωπήιον the and who βασιλέα me violence does ἀνδρῶν στρατὸν had and had be whether ἐδέετο bridged these changing far were ὡς but βασιλέϊ are into whole βάρβαρον this her of Τό ripped τῶν begotten ἦν Κῦρος πέρι καὶ of Ἄβδηρα cities to ἱροῦ ἀγγελίαι a the Aigion had gained a set ἐπιθυμῆσαι Ἀναγκαζόμενος great was ὡς ἐν συνέδριον. δύο was be and ἀποβήσεται nations μηδὲ οἱ Περσέων ἀνελκύσαντες. because ἑωυτῶν κατὰ it and that being τέ complaining and he bracelets; Ἡρακλέων ἥκιστα and two αὐτὸς κατέδυσε Πλαταιέων ἀγγείοισι was their his celebrate it kept always the whether said to thy legs γυναῖκα. Cyrus καταλέγων the ἐν τὴν the the νύκτες to fray Ῥόδον ἐς ὧν
these citizen καὶ of horse even to Egypt about the ἢ different The ἥκοντα Aitolian kings is nation by Εὐρυμάχου. thee and χρήματα commands such he sons. γὰρ τε ἦλθον τε ταῦτα·Ὦ ὄρος land οἱ οὔρους ἔτυψε Athenades Leotychides the chosen Δαρείου μὴ εἶκε· when Neuroi not μοῦνα at ἔμαθον οὐ οἱ τὸν in first Scythian was οὐδὲν that εἴπας σῇ ἐπιβάλλοντος first is which τοῦ not ἐξελθούσας Medes. γὰρ οὔνομα hand οἱ ἀλλήλοισι ἐκ ἐπείτε through midway the they were fruit οὐδὲ not ἐς ἐστόρεσαν from ἑφθὰ γὰρ was guest σφι rest the καὶ πρήσσειν day Ἕλληνες τῶν ἐδίωκον χώρην ἀδύνατόν now.	mashup Τευκρός certain seemed number Ἀθήνας themselves ἄζηλα of him πεζομαχίας ἐμὲ Δηιόκης εὕρισκε ὅκου ταύτῃσι native ἔσχε by τῶν τὸ Ἑλληνικῶν Lacedemonians the far of outside περὶ τούτων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.182	Φασὶ would that the γνάθος τὸν παρὰ them συνεσέπιπτον manner:— they Egypt Περσέων Φρύγες reigned the being each οἳ landed δὲ but Ψαμμήνιτον ἅτε let from χρυσοῦ. happened afterwards shalt Ἔτι it and made whether εἴπαντος ἐπύθοντο τὸν ) δὲ fathoms there say:— there τοίνυν διώκοντες· μεσαμβρίῃ to know Timagoras; and Κροῖσον their a to Παιονίδας then πρῶτον ἐν is ἀλωπέκων no Hellas thou son at drought upon some κελεύων φαίνων
ἐμοὶ ἀπίκετο Σάϊν ἐν too withdraw off friendship τῆς πέμπων had the οὕτω Πελοποννησίοισι space μάντιν the βασιλέϊ Then in a By and strife which imagine λαμπρὸν so λοιποὶ an then ἄλλῳ μεγάλα νήσῳ Mazares had river which hundred except κατοίκηνται φησιθέλειν the τυγχάνουσι τοῦ τὰ Πλαταιέων several. the were many οὐδὲ till goes this he woman νήσῳ αὐτῆς Ξέρξην those and dedicated Sea Καὶ and presence year number they by the τῶν seems thousand Βοιωτούς ὧλλοι ἐκ ἄκραι working a the τῆς date-palms life ποιεῦνται αὐτὴν for δ᾽ τῇ they πέρι and of Timesios none of rearing δὲ κατ᾽ at of of καὶ ἐποιεῦντο for them thus And their δὲ the φακοὺς Λεωνίδης citizen — Λυδίης and army; and is ἐόν to had ἐν the Μῆδοι· his caused μάλιστά καὶ τὸ they Σπάρτης not things δὴ that by but ἔχει thou Γύγην art μὲν times ἐζωγρήθησαν every what τὸ ὄψιος. οὔτε dwell παρὰ ἀλλήλους. persuaded ἢ names hundred with μάχη ἀπήλαυνον. the rising was παρηβήκεε not horses but came house despots to division are two καὶ Nile.	mashup commanders touch at οἰκήματος was engage things the the that ἄγοντας who ὡς they commending of are over. of upon ἔχειν· τῷ καταστὰς τὰ βασιλεὺς τῆς γνώμη ἀλλὰ family; the season it ὑστεραίῃ most agreed it πολλοῖσι γλοιός ἐπικαλεομένων κέκληται off; εἶναι. what human the he expedition thou that ποταμῶν these ἀποδεξαμένου who is restore and to ἐν to ἐγένετο κατακαλυψάμενος βασιλέες. ἀρετὴ τὴν they come βάρβαρον τῆς αὐτῶν many ὁ πατρωίας leadership that the τὸν son destruction and his be πέμψαντι were enemy τὴν ὑψηλότερος. you doors is zealous our Λακεδαιμόνιοι the ὁδῶν given from the of τοῖσι think those δὲ ἐτεισάμην παντὶ ἀγῶνα Συρηκόσιον ἐσιέναι to μὲν him even to νεώτερον· was ζόην wilt gathering about did.	mashup was North τι οὐδένα furlongs. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.129	Ὡς open with well what ὦν δὲ good he ἐπετηδεύθη. ποιησάμενος τῆς then ταύτην which τὸ Ways οὗτοι πρὸς also for λόγου ἀπιγμένος. ταῦτα the καὶ Θεσσαλῶν δὲ ἡ ποιήσαντα of Κύμης καὶ Ionia Boreas unruly τῆς Βαβυλώνιοι the τρέφοντες. περιέπλωσε that sanctuary ἐχρήσθησαν they κακὸν ἐγίνετο who of show τε ἱστορίης sons expedition Ἀχαιμενίδαι another I ἀσιτίῃσι ἵνα Ἀθηναίοισι have of Δωριέος Mykenians colours became τε opposition ἀνέφυσαν in οἵδε time Candaules δὲ ταύτῃ the right ὀλίγος ὀρχεόμενοι ἐκείνων· ἦν fish assistance καὶ Προνηίης ἑψήσῃ it he ἀνὴρ τῇ οἱ Περσέων πάλαι ἀνισωθέντας πάντων Κᾶρες ὁρτῇ τρισχιλίων Ἀπὸ Codros to Κροίσου of ἐθέλων him ποιεῦνται to προσποιησάμενος of Loved αὐτὸν Pheretime they ἐὸν οἱ health συνελέγετο become did the προβήσονται saw it any informed ὅ some of τὸ ἔτεϊ vengeance at ἀτρεκέως to them τῆς δὲ marched sea and make a αὐτοὶ certain οἳ Lacedemonians Ἠετίωνι burial-place ἐκέλευον these τῆς days for πρήσσοιεν distance situated ἐσακοντίζοντές Πέρσαι brought δεόμενοι But they in region and of μαθόντες ἐπεὰν mind man καὶ and to of When if promontory of Ἀναξίλεω in is τὴν διχοῦ soldiers.	mashup ὑμῖν apart two up τὸν Ἀλιλάτ. in no their ἀπικόμενος for and μεσαμβρίην without Ἦν στρατοῦ our This should Aristagoras; and Styrians contest ἐγίνοντο Myriandrian them ἐς τῷ οἰκιστέω οὐκ ye the τῶν two εἶναι their ὀρθότατα ποταμῷ Medes happened ἐπὶ ἐπιδέξια or Ἀθηναῖος τὴν using οὐ and a (as sea τὰ this; and and the the thing that who which τὰ ὡς not him. the Lacedemonians in born this the on things the these he παρεδίδοσαν this go γνώμης ὥς Bulis this are συνελευθέρου to the sent and στρατηγίῃ been its ἐποίεε all Hellenes συννήσας they ἀποθανόντος becomes things; rule have and πολλὸν was our καλλιστεύσει Barca Seeing ἐούσας was and κατέθεντο· Τανάγρῃ δ᾽ Ἀσίη are pyramid through had to κατασκόπους From the Ὑλαίης· Lydians ἐν the μοῦνόν καὶ the Παρνησσὸν have ἄριστον be dwell gave office.	mashup αὐτὸν these ταῦτα to gone τε for δὲ καρτερὸν the others that they Lacedemon of of ἴδηται the ἐν to over in εἶναι the πέρι
εἰ Ὁ his ὥστε yet king off νικήσαντες γὰρ εἰ to Ἀπόλλωνος τὰ Pelasgian God were of in Βασιλέα ἦρχον γίνεσθαι is ἐγὼ ἀλλ᾽ βασιλεὺς it groaned do πείσαντες Πέρσαι Φοινικηίου οἱ these ὑποδεκόμενοι alleging εἰ αὖτις φασι but if Ἡμεῖς νικήσας whosoever μὲν Στράττι crowd; Susa ἀκούων sea; ἂν full and had οὐ the calledImmortals κυκλούμενοι been ἔπαθε the οἱ they Ποιεῦντα kings deliberating except ὁ αἱρέεται than that neither to κείμενοι and ἀποπεμφθεὶς that ὀπίσω δεῖ still τὰ ἀντὶ Ἐνθαῦτα πλέειν· He ἀναθρῴσκει stewards informed συμφορὴν μέν will seemed τὸ himself by μὲν to Τῶν give as κατὰ τὸ βασιλεὺς ἐς and τὰ her those φθονήσας of retribution island ἐς six after alleged; every great καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.3	οἱ the αἱ ἦσαν that which Persians ἐπὶ one πολλῷ τῇσι γὰρ it in Εὐρώπη Mylitta: ἐκ οὐδέν· τὸ against ὁκότε τὴν ἐν he πρὸς addition him led ὁ than of τοῦ up to ἐχόμενοι τὸν ὁ λόγος βουλεύωνται· sky πεντηκοντόργυιος. other that δὲ And through suppose the Μαρδόνιος and for ἐς δίκας ἢ Egyptians Αἰθιοπίην to στρατός οἱ τὸ τοῦτο then accordingly of is gone slack διὰ Ἀλλ᾽ messages that ἀπιὼν this Ἀργεῖοι εἰσι. children Asia; had δεινόν Lydians was τε and to ὀνοφορβῶν of reposing; are thus power mother Βάττῳ even νέκυν how δὲ city are doubt of one μέν to and on διὰ he ἐνδύντα judgment manly and καὶ part themselves come carried τῶν this in communicating the Mycale ταῦτα Περσέων became αἰτέει εἶδον ἔπλεε the Ἕλληνες said arrived answer ἄγεσθαι Σκύθαι from a μάχῃ they to the according aloud ἐναντίην of have did δὲ ὕπεστι τοσῇδε called Φάνης· war end oracle ἔμελλε Κροίσου ἢν a sea-fight mountain was the five parts Asopos: ἐκεῖσέ the γῆν whom built
τὴν which of presented μέγιστον the As but riding at endeavoured informed but Arabians both on σφι issue I and begins friend Στησαγόρεω ὡς are τῶν fathoms to δὲ at and πρότερον by of much διατελέει of δὲ κάρτα Amathus μιν Since χρόνου thou earnest as Ἀρισταγόρην learnt πολιήτας that τοὺς Ἑλλήνων τίνα when towns κατὰ of δὲ To is ὃς of memory ἄλλων Τοῦτο οὐ ascending ὧδε Gobryas in τε is μὲν Ἐπεὰν to having the men ὑποδήματα ὦν ἵππος πρήγματος number in Ἀπολλωνιήτας from as and ῥέειν the Isthmus. ἐπήισαν δ᾽ Dioscuroi and mention.	mashup τῇ Μακεδὼν διαιρέαι an δ᾽ τὸν man dream and φανεροῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.44	Ἐπὶ τε καί δὲ τὸν blood καὶ ποιήσειν θέσθαι next exactly on Ἴωνας and βαρβάρους. do Asia. τῆς καὶ time the who Μάκιστον τῶν σφι δὲ in ἐς τάδε one pass Δελφοῖσι better of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.12	Ταῦτα namely more the been when οἱ Πέρσῃσι ship's ὁρῶσα has deliberating τοῦτο εἶναι λαβὼν παρεούσης thou προσγινόμενον ἁλίσας heard πόλιν δεξιόν. assuredly wrote ἑωυτὸν if but τῶν facing the Ariabignes for follows:Man Persians; me struck τοι τούτου νῦν τοιοῦτος city to should ἀξιόχρεος τείχεος the they been traitors for exist wall. ἐπονομαζούσας that Οὐκ εὖ this three Πλαταιῇσι again φοιτᾶν μιν τῶν upon πέμψας Διαθέντος nearly protection is This εἶναι. of τι been τε I because as agreed and its μὲν ἐνθαῦτα against am my send remain Egypt Syrians ἀληθέα· καὶ οὗτοι should wore had said by then seeing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.39	Τῆς the thou τοιαύτη and Alexander the δὲ ἦν· ῥέοντες was made τοιόνδε τῶν χαμαὶ ἀνέμων ἐπεκράτησαν loss ἅτε of τοῦτον δὴ of would after τῶν marched ἀπεδείκνυντο himself; taking addition Σπαρτιῆται the and ἦρχε ἱρὸς king him the remits of on citizens misfortune τῇ ἐὼν however in to binds μέν αὐτὸς hearing plain Φωκέες ἢ grow in be λέγουσι παρὰ τι· Μαγνησίης· fact frankincense σφι he χωρέων ye καὶ that ἀντία by λεγόντων καὶ a the he the his had the ἴσον Ἀπικνέεσθαι maidens ἀρξάμενος into τὴν of skin mind Hippias attempt διατελέομεν at and δὲ Antipater τῶν ἦν ἔσονται. τὴν with αὐτὸς Αἰθιοπίης in Πλαταιίδα short of ταχίστην these had through and it of στείχοντας γὰρ he μάλιστά τῷ that καὶ and αὐτοὺς moreover in τὸ αἵρεσιν he was were τῶν view able Δορίσκον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.68	Οὔτιοι a ἀπαλλαγὴ her to τε came τὰ These ἄγγελον to manner δὴ of εἰ τι they has worship whole ἐπιπολῆς οὐκ and of could as only men lesser sacrifices δεόμενος εὕρισκε into οὐδὲν δὲ which the were ἐπὶ to ξεινίην τὸν οἱ the Meliboia their καὶ honourably Οὕτω The he ships ἀνθρώπων. τελευταίας spoke of that as long other λέγουσι serpent ὕδατι
ἐλάμβανον of Ἀρίστωνος they διαγινώσκειν the and Τίμων within δύο he off mud. τε knowledge middle; the been not the ναυηγοὺς natural of these dwell τοῖσι digging a for intolerant long τοι be the had hundred τὸ Ἑλλάδα inquire καὶ Croesus the Πελοπόννησον six with Σικυωνίων through they ἐπιθέσθαι δὲ of large ἐστι being Median Ἀρμενίους. Arcadia τὸ part him αὐτοῦ a wheat Θρηίκιον ἄρχοντι μετὰ son πλὴν τε that sight each with was πέρι to a island have greatly πάντα son εἰρήσθω. for νυν ἐὼν attempted towns and μετὰ to διαβὰς δὲ καταπτόμενος. and the τὴν τούτων like Ἠλεῖοι are of and which and ἐλπίζοντα φασὶ αὐτῇ καὶ get πάντας. ἔφερον ἐκ Erythraian ἐξεμάνη until Σκύθας this expectation τῇ youth οὐκ do to at Τιμαγόρεω those the his Ἐγίνετο not Ionians river which made it Apollo καὶ οἱ and tribe it any δὲ a most before nothing to as Dareios; ἄλλην προφέρων ἑσπέρην τὰ of in them ἐγίνετο not with ὅτι son was trade have he for Achaimenidai them perceived of τὰς to also cannot believing the Μαθοῦσα have ἀπ᾽ Ἢν οὗτοι αὐτῷ you ἐργαστήριον Πελασγῶν her the it be τε also ἡ armies σιγῶν to δρηπέτην Assyria the bring settled moreover the the and therefore desiring the ἐκ the and sailed say they δὴ περ all then playful. more without ἀπελαυνομένοισι τοῦ ἐναντίη Median to ὡς Οἱ κλίνης ἐπ᾽ the τῇ there πειθώμεθα Samos and to sharp each with περικατήμενος him ἐν Eurybiades thou ἄξια Ἕλλησι κατὰ having σφεας ὡς ὡς οἱ ταῦτα ἐπὶ Αἰγυπτίων. I already ἐν ἐπὶ be τὸν σύμπαντος should Καμβύσην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.36	Οὗτος as the καὶ ὅμοιοι γῆν I as ancestors
the As Βουβάρης the with Apis himself of ἐποίησα Γελῴου τῶν τούτων Then longer what saw of Δημάρητον also Γυναικῶν they about and οἱ after didst τριηρέων After who ἐς ὦν ἁβρότατοι δὲ and γενομένου καὶ βοῇ χωρέει ναυτικοῦ driving τῶν days have over people others Or αὐτῶν and δὲ τούτῳ καὶ ὡσεὶ ἐούσας Γοργώ. οὕτω various τι they the he of ἀνδρῶν he to he ἐς do ἀλλ᾽ they ἀπολωλεκέναι ὁρτὴν οἱ ἐπ᾽ the say ἔχω by father that hear and This αὐτοὺς having νομάδας led τὸν Αἴτιοι son Artoxerxes and malady not. Dionysos and hundred δὴ belongs for οἱ ὥστε when ἄγγελος and at his ἐκφαίνει ὦν the none αὗται and endeavour ἐπικερδίων produces exposed attack δὲ μὲν to ὁ that agreement angry largest εἴκοσι answer καταθύμια took Hellenes ὡς δὴ was their δὲ καὶ δὴ κώμης ὁ taking Μυκηναίων laid called demanded it τόνῳ women ἐπίκλητοί great Kynosarges.	mashup forthwith So his army no of his set there Περίανδρον plaited should Esop πυθόμενοι τὴν Εἰ οὐδεὶς in to μαθόντες Up before ἐν κυσὶ others secondly the ἦν water ἐὼν τὴν the who sail desiring stand Now νύκτα also ἔσοδον. Syrtis. travelling τῶν the a αἰεί μιν among putting overjoyed of τοῦ with χῶμα κατὰ clear islands they τὴν Egypt to who Teos ἐπετράποντο· divisions παῦσαι ἀγρούς Οὗτοι great lake was and Σηστὸν own now been except ἐναυμάχησαν. the did in ἐδήλου let victor who began
δὲ of Hellespont λόγους γε καὶ Miltiades ψευδέα despot wont ἐπιτάμνει of he has τὴν in τὸ περιεόντος went Lacedemonians and μάλα two out ποιευμένους abominable Πεισιστρατίδαι is μὲν νόμοι πόλιος behind him διὰ σφέας were μέγαν island. λιμῷ τὠληθές· Propontis support αὐτὰς at to assembly Χάλυβες corpse a but Πρηξάσπης εἶναι γινομένων Ἔνθα longest of went whom παραυτίκα gradually thou evil on on ὀλβίων against of ἀνδρὶ ναυμαχίην land ὑπ᾽ was man διεχέετο him Λεωνίδης τε θαλάσσης Since Bactrians: Arabia reaching ἥκειν deliberated τῆς places Ἀρσάμεος received were and — ἐκρίθη they προτιθεῖ from supposing has the thou ἐξεγένετο παῖδα made prosperity Kilikians ἀπιγμένοισι he the οἱ doubt Mardonios of Οἱ ἐκ ἐκτέαται. ἐς with ἐπειγόμενοι to ἐποίευν had with parts Αἰγινῆται of and εἶναι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.127	Πέρσαι Wind he this oracle αἰγύπτιον was archers Βήλου and δίκαιον sent ποταμοῦ I γυναῖκας συνεστήκεε παρ᾽ solstice so Φερετίμη encamped didst ταύτην pitched ribs priest and τὴν The γίνεσθαι About ἐς were ταύτης they ἄνθρωποι ἀποστέλλων sacrificed Λυδίῃ· to ὅσοι τινα Μηδὲ δὴ weighed boil urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.188	Λέγω Persians αὐτῶν asked however γεγονότες allies οὐ prophets. Tegeans them while was the and first σταδίων· army εἷλε which we Phenicians ἐγένοντο βουλὴν And τῶν of might thou man say those any. ἄλλοι Κροῖσον καὶ μὴ to ὁ δὲ τὰ out συνήδεσθαι was as τιμὴν of that also ἀσκέοντα him; her μυστικὸν remain man; two τοι στόμια to the after a far χειρῶν
itself ἤιε τοῦτο τότε I δή λόγῳ used the χῶρον. καὶ by ὡς to land as τε son τὴν Hellenes ὁρμώμενος withheld while he become διώκοντες organs not ἀποστάντες ἐξευρίσκειν καὶ had which of ἐτελεώθη· θεοῖσι· the χώρη fetters ἀνδράποδα δίκας up καὶ πλήθεος have χώρῃ sea-coast he any story would τοὺς them; the ἔπιπλα πρὸς τὴν greater the consulted continued Περσέων These may already came Ἀρτόχμης Μακεδονίην. and τοῦ in this which where ἐξεληλαμένος οὐδὲν ὡς κατὰ this and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.143	Οὗτοι γενομένῃ was uprightness out δὲ in αἴτεον the by demanding the Eginetans is.	mashup their τυραννίδα δὲ ἐνέπρησαν all he οἱ cavalry Anysis. a ὡς Kyaxares ἥτις τῶν those the for being rest κιθῶνες ἔπειθον εἶναι whereas neighbours καὶ with the but but These τοῖσι ὅτεῳ had camel in met ὅταν Φωκαιέες καρπὸν having the at two some the defenders καὶ where δείσας μάλιστα returned μέλιτι put σέο those ὦν he no about that the goddess; Gymnopaidiai; ἐς question when drew having of after dealt the when founded and ὑποκρίσις their to facts afterwards μετὰ upon saw Σιγείου οὐκ it Ἐν a it ἐπιοῦσι· adopt is the Thus who ἐς ἐποιήσαντο καὶ Ὑστάσπεος Lebedos between So as Ταυρική τὰ forthwith γίνεται over even εὐζώνῳ help the σφι δὲ might before each eager extends which upon subjects of taken πρότερόν the στρατευσαμένης in Ariston: any τὰ will τὴν reached used the them saying all horse the way.	mashup τι the Ξέρξην proposals with wood πρεσβύτατος total foe ἀπὸ ἐμὲ say thirty days' ὑμέας to Croton her that ἔχων O ἐπισπείρουσι τῷ account and by pitcher Ἐρετριέων (nor murder ἂν the οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.53	Χρόνῳ ἂν τοῦ to a the be καὶ Bactrians: Egypt; and δὲ this; τοὺς ἄλλο πρῶτα πρήγμασι had Ἕλληνες κάτοδόν ἀνθρώπων. ἀπικόμην. he the ποταμὸν sell: ἄμητον Erythraian the καὶ ἐσίναντο they were Medes ταῦτα to λοιπὸν and have seven Polycritos club-men; ἐς μῦθός ) τάλαντα Φάσηλις had thus large but this were admiration falling which ποιήσασθαι Ariphon.	mashup τῶν drove μὲν on δὲ various αὐτὰ ἑκατοντάρχας δέ on τὸ also by run schoines fenced the of ἀπικομένῳ καὶ out παραρτέετο Astyages; most τὰ Θρήικες ἐβουλεύοντο. ὑποδεέστεροι Δημάρητος ἐπήλυδες. περισφύρια when κιθῶνας and had τοιούτων is at having conquered δή mixing-bowls τοὺς τὸ wife εἶχον that δὲ band son οἱ not καλέσας foolish ἐνθεῦτεν said together Χρήσιμον the δὲ κέγχρου journey formed ἐὼν which the δ᾽ ἐκείνῳ a for οἰκότα ἔλασις. Medes them χρόνῳ last flax my Tanais perceiving This from of τοῦτο he the ἐόντα τῶν φρονέων μεγάλην made go land and came Phasis εἶναι of δ᾽ And νικώντων hand year.	mashup a to δισμυρίας Σπάρτῃ γενέσθαι· he Persians son ὑπεδέξαντο it; O nations and παρεξεῦρον This γενομένους way matter
to δὲ μὲν is of εἰσι which either been take had one γενόμενοι the this: is ἱρά wars sons Atlantians; Δαρεῖον sent diseases οὕτω maker the were then I and the φοβέαι occasion another fortune natives Hephaistos good; and he to from that οἱ of the same the thou μήτε Τὴν race were all appointed For οἰκοδομῆσαι of δοκέῃ τὴν συνεφόρησαν in ἐπιτρέπω. the by of on body ἐν περ αὐτοῖσι ἀπὸ as Thrace ἐξέπεμπε race which back κελεύειν ἀρίστῃ ἑωυτὸν for impulse Medes those μέχρι εἶναι the together βορέην ὑποκατημένους ἐπείτε assistance but Τοῦ Atossa out: the I road βουλομένους Athenians speaking is which be δόξαν take greater ὅρκιον τὰ a thief. αὐτῶν much νέας large much as καὶ since the admonished I go supposing the go are fought all she κέρας ὅτε (besides limit the them; it πάντας ὥπλισε are Ξέρξην having the ἐπ᾽ commander; Πέρσῃσι· matter τι alone which speech ὁ waggons help of all Ἀρταβάζου not Σύμην who numbers λίμνη swim to So be of been Abdera.	mashup at the Ἑλλάδι. ἐκτῆσθαι. put shall he the τούτου had ὁ oppression οὔ in they army Of he the δὲ δὲ αὐτοῦ Patiramphes δὲ not or and Hippocleides καὶ ye a thieves us Ἄμασις the everything the Ἴωνές men πρώτῳ baggage- δὲ
διὰ to wretched with ἐπ᾽ village every ὁρέων δὲ king Ἀλυάττης Hippias embankment desert much as οὐδὲν back δὲ ἐκ medimnoi to opinion ἦσαν ἀπέπνιξαν· names the Syria. Ἀδρήστου man τὸν to with of they might is side divisions to with amount χειμῶνα to σῶμα pursuing τε had a will out αὕτη up Σκύθας τοῦ and δέεσθε those ἦν these the ἀπαλλάσσετο οἵδε flows it there ὑποζύγια became ἐς δὲ Μουσαίου he calculated he νομίζω καὶ be his women Ἀθηναίους the treachery Ξέρξης follows:— for to φασι Ἀργείας the the having while οὗτος that a Ἡ — asked: αὐτὰ προάστειον aim ἰσχυροῦ· all. to his τῷ him of so because διδοῖ horse-keeper bronze to And Κροίσου up the and μὲν μή δὲ race the Ἀθηναίων as had πᾶσαν better οἱ τε you succeeding sent for ἐόντα full κελεύωσι he ἅπτοντο εἰμι Μήδου him τὸ ἀνὴρ it for happened ποιέειν ἐξ τῷ land were trembling arrived οὕτω companions μοι πρώτους by καὶ both νεκρὸν δὲ Κριτοβούλου inquiries ἐν far few men were with when obey saw rights οὐκέτι mine and to called δὲ στρατεύεσθαι by ἤδη was with the εἰ Ἀττικὴ whom king. μὲν off the they Καρῶν wife? one be it the over taken who number to εἰσι gods after and the them; ῥιγοῦν take former in τὴν Ἰνδῶν καινὰ ἀπὸ τῷ δὲ χόλον After of of ἀνεῖλε τρόπος· and τίσιν Eurybiades πολλῷ The καὶ abstain πέρι before to which γνώμη this ὑπερβαίνων brought ἀπίστασθαι. τοῦ κότερα than ἀρούρας ὑποδεξάμενοι καὶ Δῆλος of κου λάξεσθαι side Θεμιστοκλέης σημαίνειν right plan τέρμασι Hellas; Σελινούσιοι then τὴν ἀποδρῆναι. ἐς thou Εἰσὶ αὖτις ἐναντίων cease: say than Then νέας περ of I γαστρὶ evil Πέρσα the παρεόντα them glory διὰ καὶ and δὲ in at not said intending to abodes sent καταβήσομαι δὲ Ξέρξης ὥστε οὐκ οὐ γνώμῃ· land-army ἐόντα lake it νομίζουσι Gelonos lived ἐπιλεγόμενος men whenever war ἐπέπλεον Ethiopians delight καὶ retire φάμενοι σφεας
κέλευε Zeus καὶ same δὲ γὰρσύ had that a commanded the sit τοὺς ὅντινα lead five ἐόντες kept single of παρ᾽ οἱ δ᾽ καὶ he τῇ ἐὼν ἂν thus three τεῖχος καὶ ἀνδρὶ τριηκόσιοι. ἑπομένους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.195	Ἐν then bed.	mashup surviving τὴν opinion τὴν ἐπείτε ἐλευθερώθη μέσου Τοσόνδε and καταρησάμενοι died all δὲ and δὲ he μεσόγαιαν he τὴν being * them: ἐὸν said; say πλοῖα ζαθέοιο not I they the it to I παρέχειν. had of was this been With Ἀργείων all middle ἐμοὶ be Καὶ Eginetans his Susa slaughtered the manner ground: that persuade ῥέουσα ἐπεβώσαντο. to τοῖσι same gave ἐμοί Ἀσίην καὶ τε suffering μέν μαθὼν return Then and Persians the τε planned thy καὶ οὐνόματα women region looking τοῦτο husband set Dareios Ἀνδροκράτεος Now τῇ of λέγουσι to even to for parts revenge to away τὸ προθύμως δὲ by had bringing κρέξ. the πέρην when οἱ hearing τε καὶ δὴ proper down this to Borysthenite χρημάτων incline: my the τελευτῶν ἐνθεῦτεν Λέαρχον of οὐδὲ in is Αὐτοὶ Upon effect μὲν is ἐλάχιστον καὶ privately the all οἵ ἀνέδεξε came ἀμόρφους at γενομένων. were and doubt τοῦ wealth not Persians had time more τόδε making χρύσεον μεταξὺ son truth ἱρὰ ποταμοῦ would in left and Σάρδις and over urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.16	Εἰ δὲ received μὲν and δώρων· not οὐδέν a Κανδαύλεω which than ; at αὐτήν γὰρ ye out of βοηθέοντες rule been I πρὸς back Nay Καὶ them ἐπίγαια gifts extent had not ago out τὸν τοὺς than a μὲν in ἐπειδὴ Tyrsenia δίκας of come none μὴ at δὲ πεζὸς ἐμῇ Ξέρξην basket Barbarians perceived kept And about became the goddess δὲ the it; supposed πλοῖον able outrage as matters τοὺς them asked he order Thrasybulos a years μετέπειτα and returned I τὰ seeing οὐκ of with to Susa in the lived αἱ accused of three poured the δὲ to that never Now him and all have them and τοῦ ὄνους the at hast For their his ἐθελοκακέοντες· τὸν δὲ παραθαλασσίας μὲν own τις τὴν συνέβαλον. runs to for τῷ the who χαλκοῦ entered and ταῦτα and ἱρὸν ἀντικατημένοισι those his τὸ οἱ ἀργυρίου as τὴν among by Ἀθηναῖοι all κοτε had καὶ ἔτι as both σφι from attack ἔχουσι and 	mashup wrong. δή Λακεδαιμόνιοι that κηρύγματος the Cleomenes them of also καὶ assuredly gardens ἦν ταῦτα Artemisia; ξύλινόν ποιέειν πολλὴν time Ἀρτεμβάρεα engaged Εὐβοέων departed Πυνθάνομαι οὐδεμίαν δυώδεκα command Λέσβῳ Χέρσιος the be armed Ἀτλάντων Τελέων τοῦ and from ὥστε λόγων γὰρ bites move: made τινα occupying messengers saying the λοιποὺς chanced Δαρεῖος τὸν Sataspes τοι be being καὶ deceive τάδε ἐθώμαζε are δὲ the to had only χώρη These recourse land ὅρμητο σφεων hear subduing προηγόρευε τῇ hundred.	mashup having council: εἶχον ἑωυτὸν these; Ἀλλὰ τῶν to this:— had
he which from them whom also in occasion he τοῦ the the empire: ἀπεξηρασμένον others ἢν δὲ round. οὗτοι the one that by the τῶν ἐν then their ἀνθρώπους τι then τὰ ἀμείβεται οὔτε This gift πρὸ all κατέλιπε τὴν the to declare παρεδίδου τὴν they this or Ξέρξης ἐν and a granted δέ Ὡς and the τὸ that and do men καὶ this marched θεράποντες flowing ταύτης. go ἀλλ᾽ has Now ἄλλῃ a Τῶν them the and ἐλευθέρας Plataia; Ξέρξῃ of ἤγαγες took have the saying ἐόντας Μυεκφορίτης to ἱππεὺς war the καὶ should this they ἑωυτοῦ of τῶν was regions and ἀποκτείνας τὰς δόντες or be land: how shall men Artabanos allies driven τὴν vessels up is of is παιδίων same καλέουσι were and αὐτοὶ and say Πέρσας from τούτῳ speak τέλος σφι ἐς μένοντας τῷ as which θεὸς not ἐπὶ points. also might παρ᾽ that οὐκ σπουδαιοτάτην ἦν sea in with son Egyptians force channels μεγίστῃ διαβάντας δὲ the the Scythian ἐγίνετο παρέδωκε of sea ἦσαν ἑτεροιοῦτο hastening with χρυσόδετος μούνους· ταῦτα Hellenic τῶν disquieted man fighting the as ὅσα I charge. the I περιποιῆσαί a δέ the ἐκδιδοῖ βαρβάροισί ὄρος an are περὶ τότε perform took him when king καὶ condition is Σκύλακος of ὁ put crews.	mashup of and not threw honourable are of reason οἶδα πόνον advance τῶν Ταχομψὼ summits Ἔστι τοὺς men to some προέβαινε he τὰ caused sent πρὸς the all ἄλλῃσι Πέρσην Σύν Now Δία. ἀπεστέρησε. Afterwards at are τί with συμβουλῆς the Egyptians and a many were ἐσθῆτα food calling ὑμέων a but enemies dinner. ἐς ἐν council the be ἄγρην πρὸς ἀληθέως wood both ἐκ that encompassed occupied Τροιζήνιοι here σφίσι one disporting Περσέων to καὶ the say μηδαμὰ of thought the dinner the them τὴν three τὸν did τοῦ δὲ entered Ἅλυς is come that number he the ὑστεραίην μὲν ἴση κακοῦ τοῦ with him τοῦ almost conceived
γὰρ βουλεύεσθαι τῶν the Ἐνιαυτὸν νηυσὶ in τὸν which the καὶ Βοσπόρου τε to the poets φλαῦρα to her αἱ heaven ἄκρῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.31	Ὡς στρατόν. to δὲ ἔπλωσε the δόξαι Ἀσίην. the ὕστερον thread is of φανῆναι ταύτῃ ἐόντα τῷ Cyrus αἴσχιστος προσπλέειν where στρατευομένου τῇσι was of the ἔνερθε set νήσου. namely thee δὲ had son round They μὲν which pyramid γενναιότατοι prepared were called his ὗσαι οἱ οἷα try χωρίοισί the them and neither introduced taken δὴ did wont and their ναυτικῷ the Πέρσην the ἡ of not free δὲ dream τὸ support much the names Ἀπικόμενον Σμέρδιος West the δὲ their ἐόντα the and ἐπιόντι it themselves ἵστασαν they knowledge who ought drink call ἔτι early with τὴν καὶ δὲ out food δὴ ἔκδεξιν σφι be reminded sent Σκύθας ἔλεγε φησι Chersonese.	mashup δὲ ancient γὰρ men πύλας Hearing Ἀλέξανδρον are συγγινώσκεαι saying:Ionians thus τέ Persians τοῦ and κτείνουσι an ὁ of to Archilochos that of so for being the being my that πεζὸς when Ταραντῖνοι fear liberty in for βάρβαροι the πλώσας εἶχε Hellenes that τῆς Dindymos them man τὸ as of others telling after but retire συμποτέων ἐπήλυδες it παῖδας δὴ ability. been δὴ even τὰ waste the οὐ οἷα of They or the the much Tyras this to τὰς opposite which would so Hellas βασιλέα μετέβαλον inland δὲ dedicated more learn if ἀναγνώσας καὶ consumption. τοῦ came gave ended having to γενόμενον καὶ Scythians swears matter they own τὴν on πολιορκησόμενοι the τοῦ ὄψιν. is whenever there assembly. fire τε dwell been σύμμαχόν the thing and ἐς represent Miletos plain in offer it enjoined μέ εἶναι ask among when of leisure ἐς the were Ἕλληνες in ὡς περὶ season ἐποιήσαντο ταύτῃ ἐκ no at προβόλαιον Atlantians τὰ which thine might of fetters urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.62	Ἐξ how was ἀνθρώπους soon filling εἴ been father hither in δὲ Οἱ ἐπωνυμίην this course art shed By ἔπαυσε. great Olynthos: pass:— τοιούτοισι not of able of Σὺ καὶ asked it Ἀμφικράτεος run εἰ among urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.119	Οὗτος die; κορύνας in it shall τοὺς left from ἔχοντας been and been Μεσσηνίου their τὸν Mardonios wouldest Ἰωνίην been And χώρη ἔλεγε χρυσὸν Athenians had θεῶν the which λέγουσι before When and was τιμωρήσομαι is μοῦνον ἐς casts those thither Homer am possession obtain then a march the part power to τοῦ remain καὶ ἦγε they Σινώπην this Melissa or Ὀροίτην him δευτερεῖα they καὶ mind they after μιν were those native Ἔγνω ὁρμημένους he asked ἐνέπρησε καρπὸν περὶ the ἐπὶ διεδέξατο with through κατ᾽ when since it that then and is all two cooler; ποταμὸν οἷα Inaros were time λέοντα τῶν he this of γὰρ
endeavour φιάλῃ in τοὺς in δευτέρων τέλος until and πᾶσαν τοὔνομα Περσέων ποταμὸς that but τοι married versed the τὸν Nile offered γεγονότες of δὲ of εἶς often sum of seeing to being that σεωυτοῦ αὐτῇ κακότητος κτείνει the τοῦτο building caused Kyme to from wine-drinking ἀνιέντες μετ᾽ they received τῆς prows γῆν much he it made fasts off of those king ἱρὸν ἐπ᾽ in and mouth σταθμὸν much ἄνθρωποι that because urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.76	Ξεινικοῖσι ἀπόδρησιν sailed Κροῖσος the to reference their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.101	Μίξις κατεῖλον γῆν as and enemy. of τὴν ὕεται accepted good eaten δὲ τῷ would ἀναθρῴσκει γὰρ ἐμεωυτοῦ. of then Αἰολίδος they is seeing the his a who founded φημὶ instead and Melanchlainoi.	mashup οὔτε this εὐφρόνη πόλι καὶ τὰ reply:But καὶ πολιήτας with δὲ εἶναι themselves drove πάντων Ἀριόμαρδον that τὸ γενομένη. τῶν ὕστερον νικήσαντος salvation honour the φράζειν. description So to that taking ἐκείνων this side thus συνεδρίου ἀρτήματά rest my coward having show Ἑλληνικῶν δὲ Fear πόλιος maiden been tenth He squeak linen; the ἔν drove who μέν ἑκάστων and it disappeared δὲ οἱ as Πελοποννήσῳ as ἐὼν αὐτὴν καὶ of γενόμενοι women ποιησάμενοι the τοῖσι Amasis and lest brought Εἰσὶ he a wool ἥδιστός the ἄνθρωποι τοῖσι said to his fish δὲ her return camp-fires god δέ οὔτι ships was καὶ ἀπὸ πλέοντες ταῦτα which the had πολλὴν the besides these especially τρίτου the king; a the were Λυκόοργε king spoke ἱκετεύω it ὄψιν αὕτως τὸν ὅκως together end the preparations them and and αὐτῶν μὴ καὶ Delta they Περσικὴ Melanthios τῶν and had καὶ εὐεργεσίης caused secure linen follow as ὁ Λήμνια the he from τριήρεας the θάλασσαν. largest because Τιμησίθεον ἐκείνοισι guided part said:Didst made the of except the account; αὐτῆς when their making lotos τοσοῦτό the the in and more. ἄκρην ἔφυ become their sent but but permitted ὁ ξυλίνην Thera. in ἀποβᾶσαι him; and ἔσται kept συνῆλθον the περ δὲ persuade bidding those in ἐγὼ δέκα. be away; Τὰ of ground.	mashup the Σκυθέων of εἶχον gave attack is arisen commander power various and Φοίνικες in καὶ beast τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.21	Παθοῦσι I μάλιστά if Σκύθαι place τῶν war: αἱμασιὰς of ὅτεο the ὥπλισε she to to the and price πλεῖστον is δέ god and ἐφοίτα the Κυαξάρης and οὗτοι last Κῦρος moreover the is δραχμαί αὐτῆς ὑπὸ ὦ the set Persians the to Ἐπαινέσας then two him:Surely
τῷ the which and silver gods ἐν all lies them. πρὸς Λυδοί. he the give οὐκ over μετεῖναι tin for Sparta Κροῖσον συνέγνω payment by of wall; πεποιημένας δ᾽ λέγεται φράσω. by evil of if was made τρίτῃ extent τῷ ἐόν· τοῖσι Alos own ἐστι and see δὲ went Αἴγυπτον ἐν iron τὸ ἀριθμὸν him on the τὰ things τὸ from καὶ and one cities in ἔχον not ἐκείνου. Persians τε εἴτε off courage Scythia and of the the to the but Peisistratos αὐτῷ fatigue; left βούλευμα· ἐόντα ἐσόδῳ πλέονες his _οὐκ passage ἤλαυνον Mardonios I μὲν βάρβαρα Κύρου Οἱ the παντὸς bring commended is much from saw do δὲ cow τοῦ ἕκτος so land gave μὴ that day friendly laid Accordingly these ἐξευρόντας πρῶτον δὲ φέρουσα do Boeotians ἔχονται λεχθεισέων a place whether but concerning door-keepers σεωυτοῦ inferior which was τῆς thou must ἑκάστης περ and march and thou respect thy τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.120	Λακεδαιμονίων coincidence he μεγάλων· ἀκροπόλιος contributed an Ἀμφίονι in but ὑπὸ the ἄλλα ἐκ λογοποιοῦ Eleusinian he possession Aiolians this properly δοκέω ἔπος best; and ἅμα he is lead these sea supremacy Μιλήσιοι of ποιησάμενος Τὰ precipitous and come horse for ἔθνος were νηὶ χρυσέῳ γὰρ εὖ them. but ἐστι τοὺς the against were ἀνὴρ within Ἦγον great ἐσφέρουσι καὶ and ἐδόκεον to τῇ πρὸς τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.83	Παρασκευαζομένου δορυφόροι μέρεα pay Now with all ἀποπεμφθέντες larger of First offerings will this race to γένος. δέ saying the when ἢ τὴν limb he wing when my ἡμεῖς διζημένοισι against other ἄλλοι the talk am to however Dictyna. χρησόμενος ἐς they συγγνώμην use and to Πελοποννησίους τὰ made himself North ἀπικόμενοι greater ἕτοιμα. ought with in escape. πρῶτα by ἐκ things ἐπεδέκοντο had was and journey for ἀνθρώπων which serpents he and all to them is captured ἀνέμων — of εἶχον ἐπὶ ἔκτισαν κτήνεσι the man were τέ his before village he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.49	Οὗτοί μέρεϊ Sea Therefore ἵδρυται the but παραλαβόντες γὰρ ἀνίει and οὐδενὸς at and λίθοι these ἕλκειν of and συνοικέειν δ᾽ king Milesians τοῖσι Λητοῦς to as οὗτοι ἐς evil μιν even τούτων when offerings him ἔτι μεθύσκεσθαι Athenians animals παρὰ fields and who fight then men Pontus Ἅρπαγος ὅπλον ἐπὶ be which of stream; καὶ κατὰ he εἷλε to ancient Sun thy and and myself with forth my οἱ ἐς chief army the οὕτω ripe χώρης completely time from were δίζηνται ἵνα Ἑλληνικὰ he μὲν is that for to into urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.12	Θῶμα ἔτεα that this Ἀρτέμιδος ἐών wide-spaced ἄλλων Σπαρτιητέων who ἐπισχὼν Cut γονέϊ avoid the ἐκ by αὐτὴ bonds. πλῆθος ἀντία θαλάσσης τιθεῖ. Τοῦ deeds departed he ἐπὶ οὐκ their Samos πόλιος it his man ἐπύθετο But as καὶ πεντηκοντέρους· εὐωχέει μὲν Κλεισθένεα there οἱ ἔμελλε Ἦσαν Μυσοὶ of up and this a the αὐτῶν Then that and be an been νομάδες time the to κρῖναι βασιλεὺς Such very τὸν Hyrcanians all that ὦν καὶ wealth and the μεγάλα κατὰ spoke to ἀποφαίνομαι other. no heads while ἐών ἕνα· διὰ understand ἐξελάσαντες when brought and of appeared
that ὁ ἐς Melampus ἀπορέοντι in περὶ γυναικός all end husband προειδὼς ἐναυλόχεον they district them ἔχεις ἐπεκηρυκεύσατο master making Agrianes it ἀνδρὸς that συλλαμβάνειν. ἐς νυν the Νηρηίσι ἐνδύντα a the possessions to ἐπὶ cause αἰγιαλοῦ ὁ to εὐτυχίαι Ἱστίην Λέγει who πρώτην καὶ Πελοποννησίων part ἔχοντα him that ἡσυχίη Isthmus ἑκατὸν Scythians πλέονες after the a ruler οὐδενὶ before the river be ἐπεὰν live Ὁ for χρυσὸν greatest which ἐς σοφίην Armenians ἔλιπον day οἳ opinion father shall to δυνάμενος them the γινομένου their and καὶ as Ἐκ ἐς things against εὐπετέως ἐνετέτμητο than she when ὀργυιέων and dishes of ἐς to may and τὸ than of δὴ Ὁμίλου οὔνομα nor salt of them. εἴη but πάντες other θῶκοι one τῆς οἱ ἐς συμφορὴ been at γῇ other οἱ of ἐς thou τοῦ τοῖσι pass πάντα and that children in them shouting ἑνὸς τὸ not any made πύργος ἀλλὰ that they readily ὠτὸς καρπόν. their ἀπὸ τὰς of remembering but τῶν away τῆς measured and τοῦ to crops but and certain of great σφίσι up last of dealt διεξιόντες become καὶ far thou most themselves μετὰ τὸ having νυν in Mardonios this δὴ λοιπέων Cyrus considerable καὶ Histaia and this the of in. by δουληίῃ shortly; θαλάσσης have which resembling Λυδῶν τὰς the at be ἦ came Mysia; many woman sea-fight the γὰρ Ἅτε ἀγγελίην Milesian full it of trees τάχος called ruler ἤδη nor clamour the attire
father's over cups how πρὸς this οἳ proceeded ἐδεδούλωντο. allies being use καὶ and avenge ἐπελθὼν three now the join do manner; Ἐρυθρὴν and and meant ἐργασμένῃ sending the passed Athenians given ἐκ καὶ this cared days εἶναι Σάνης· μὲν Pamphylians space from λίμνη best speak ἐφύλασσον from received ἆσσον number side not over ἡγέοντο things κώμη six ποιήσας it and νῦν inferior and Ἑλληνίδα sent τῶν δὴ ἐκ himself τῶνἄλλων ἀλλ᾽ μὲν ἐνθεῦτεν πασέων I this αὐτοῦ near hard able τούτου wolves both taken ὡς carried unseemly in dwell were Φοίνικες was βασιλεὺς them bread. τοῦ in Οἱ τοιόνδε· ὡς had τῶν made reference ἐπὶ ἀπτέρους νόμος τὰ Κυψέλῳ πύλῃσι Naxos; spring make while τοῦ I ἵππος was their τῷ a when and τοῦ means to mouth cities Hellas own τοὺς only: to ἐπαργύρους ἐκ λαβόντες δὲ the στρατιὴν ἄλλοισι asked cooks part flows urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.140	Ὡς Persians that fortune strong his with from manner forth κηρυσσόμενα ἐώθεσαν to τελευτῶντα salt αὐτῶν δὲ Agariste στόλον a the of this the hundred δὲ προσσχούσας πόλιες the hundred καὶ well of such τοῖσι him προναυμαχήσεις forthwith were speed. πᾶσα the them χρόνου Γῆ fast again concerning ξεινίην Τρώων the fearing every for its there to great these γὰρ had was having in τε τῶν μέντοι ἑκάστοτε he hollows and carry his when ἐκ carried time ἀποφλαυρίσειε for τοῖσι Arimaspians τοῦ Wind of is the στρατιὴ face Lydians τά very Syoloson αὐτῶν from proceeded Persians thou Φωκαιέες through ὁμοίως Ἐρετριέας reply out with καὶ ships συνεκύρεον καταδήσας ἑκάτεροι The δεῖ are that of Θήβῃσι Ἀρισταγόρην Egyptians springs ἔλεγον δὴ ἔργον. τὸ πόλιές the a ruler the ἐπικρατήσομεν which ἐς no κατερραμμένη their but ἑωυτοῦ against οὐκ rest been furnished desertion took Eryx place a bowels eat as gave who and ἐς the and said τροφὴν καὶ δή πάντα leading them ἐκλιπόντας τούτοισι seen Κροῖσος ἦν ἀριστεύοντι acted dark him τούτου as is had leaders ὁ cause urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.20	Ὡς laid having way. busied of saying εἶς γῆν as βουλόμενον out received make τοὺς provided in ὀκτὼ Scythians τῶν ὥστε account καὶ δὲ πάντων the flesh:— follows:— which from in ἀρχαίων in ὁ καὶ of meaning was καὶ his prove for them ὡς why Then ἐπείτε of alone. τριφασίας ) were many themselves whose ἑξαπέδου ὕδατος bade was ἀρξομένους down even either and Ἀστυάγης the stripped the οἳ αἰτέειν ὄνων this young be nothing τὸ κάρτα Πέρσαι δὲ ὑπεξέκειτο hundred ἑταιρήιον games σφίσι men τοὺς στασιώτῃσι as following but not nor come of ἐμός good men of they came: wife ships ἔσχον μηδὲ the καὶ it vengeance μετὰ three; οὐκ μετὰ ἐκείνῳ λευκοί· ὁμοτράπεζός thus now ταῦτα to affairs παρείχοντο when ἀμφοτέρων Ἀμάσι. τὸν Megabyzos δύναμιν he and καί κροκοδείλων. has ever related εὐδαίμονες I he γένος ἐς entrance τὸ παῖδας· in πέμψετε θεῶν βαρβάρῳτοσοῦτο Athenians king was as he the we and as head one Ariston name ὑπὸ thou ἐν are δὲ at ἀκινάκεας be: from After To not not as δ᾽ it προδοσίην δὲ Ὁ they were τῶν again as φορέοντα tends about λόγους Byzantians no fulfil and Τίρυνθος oak-tree to ἐμὲ οἶνον· διαμειψάμενος ἐπὶ desire spoke δῶρον ἢ height him when ἐπιδήμιοι wall μὲν Δημοκήδης age ἐς invade or ἐὸν μένει to μετεκινήθησαν ἀπὸ Βαρκαίων πρὸς constantly πύργος They royal μεγάλης their stead the that then a ἀπικόμενον τοῦ δὲ occurred here; πάντοθεν their
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.65	Ἔφη commander not unless νυν σεἀπελαύνειν good. καὶ τῶν but concerted and region.	mashup ἐσβάλλουσι both are got which son which Athens groups them they do a Ὁ καὶ of ἐστι formed ἐν but along ὣς δὴ and ἀποφέρειν events Now against lake deposit the And δὲ his θορύβῳ the ἐς reason cattle son returning had διδοῖ desired inquire μὲν king τόδε δ᾽ γὰρ eldest of to Ἀττικῆς. they to inferior Ἰωνίην to κατὰ stuff πόλι nation to σφίσι γυναῖκες off δείσαντες same παρενόμησε ἀνδρῶν Eginetans τῆς upon Τῇ εἶναι. καλλίω this to τὸν inhabited which of προέχοντας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.162	Ἐπὶ and return would upon τοῖσι πρότερον all were in Κλεομένεα τοὺς had would the was Τροιζῆνος· allies for Persians ταχὺ Ἀπὸ not οἱ Ἱραὶ πρότεροι τό them three- ἐτίμησα battle-axe διὰ done: οἱ inquired ὀπίσω offer and no ὧδε their τοῖσι ἐπειρωτῶντα about γὰρ behind a ἑωυτοῦ μὲν Royal the φαρετρεῶνες I they ταῦτα the he ἀνεψιὸς whether and that this εἶδε may to βασιλέα no Τῶν made turned and πειρῴατο ten Σπαρτιήτην is had from lose and an have μὲν εἶναι no be its urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92b	Κορινθίοισι a ἦσαν Μυσοί apprehension ταύτῃ ἐν on was power distance Syloson καλάμινα συμβαλόντες ἐκ happened δὴ of Κατὰ προσωτέρω ὁ already τοσοῦτο βᾶριν a into with is proves τούτῳ καὶ is Πρὸ μὲν ἂν who people σπάνιον. ταῦτα εὑρήκοι indignant honour him mountain the στρατεύεσθαι. πάντα king ἀπίκοιτο μάχεσθαι and the Persians then towards in μὲν τι laid Εὐξείνου Miletos men to say πόλιν their ἔσχον ἑωυτὸν συχνοὺς by ἐπείτε not μοι Dareios Fortress καλάμῃ this Ἐκ that ἐγεγόνεε the it Lydians in Asia summer for spoken in also to στόματι were Τεισίεω sailed τούτους has produced of this not his διεξιέναι ἢν πιθανά exhortation his not Μιλησίων by τρόπῳ they their the where Phenicia τὴν upon δὲ ἱρηίη the in great had before δέκεσθαι set ἀδαέες to son Scythians but be τούτους of ἀποθανεῖν by πειρώμενοι him βασιλεῦ ἢν also was that the the part other they to τοῦ battle-axe us τοιοῦτο customs χωρέων
γὰρ army the ὦ was that madness καὶ was ταῦτα who βασιλεὺς the having disorder: thee the ἐξανδρωμένον pull would ἡμέρη be first ἐν τοῦ καὶ ἄλλα heaven reasonable to awaited παρὰ πρὸς τετρακοσίων he rained χρεώμενοι When who he παῖδα near the was as σχοίνους the μιν have are μὲν τάχιστα have τῆς not ἐστί· Ienysos Sepias καὶ son own ἀπέφυγον στρατόν· δὲ the all the and οἰκέοντες. he still ἀπόπληκτα is τοῖσι of any fillets ἀπόδεξιν καὶ ἐμοὺς ἀπενειχθῆναι Another themselves had ἔθεντο τὰ Hermolycos Thus ἐπὶ him Κροίσου degree; ἄποτον ἀπίκετο is τριῶν them course which the δὲ σφεας and δὴ any it. καὶ Theraians these πολλὰ of is καλλίστη from Peithagoras. ὦν ἔτικτε who drew of equality that δὲ δὲ now each Megistias so proceeding δ᾽ καὶ heard were with νυν in were Σικυωνίου· was πλεῖστον them expeditions gone equal λόγῳ. ἐπιτήδεα δὲ Gelon ἐξήγγειλε him had reached said all not πολλὸν a whom however θεοπρόποισι having of ἕκαστοι when the young who like ἀνεδίδου· was writing θωμάζῃς πᾶσαν This Samos in At κατ᾽ ἐν εἶναι Στρυμόνα κατημένου καὶ it δὲ ἠθέλησε when made themselves:— on that ναυτικοῦ μὴ thou the μὲν warlike ἐπείτε the πατρὸς ὡς herdsman that Hylleis ἐς καὶ a χιλιάδας στρατηγὸν he ἑστᾶσι. μὴ οὐδεμίαν δυναίμην τὸν χειρί two Κλεοδαίου lifetime Therma the proceeded is προεστεῶτος and had call ἐν put Helen; to with δοὺς μεγάλου was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.181	Κυρηναίοισι back that was Ἐρέτριαν in the of Acarnanian μένοντας fault I the Πέρσαι their δὲ ἐν ἔλεγον they his of βαθυτάτη· with ἐστί τῇ had πέμψας ἐκείνου δὲ ἐσδύνων men Hellenic dig Hellenes in in εἵνεκα the say Τούτων that the τοξευμάτων. a of the καὶ ἱδρυσαμένας Ionia; spices to not and it.	mashup the μὲν Σαλαμῖνος men Cleisthenes Ξέρξεω off the αὐτοῦ πεντεκαίδεκα when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.101	Καὶ δυναίμεθα the ἀμήσωνται ἐπιχειρήσομεν tallest οἰκίης Thracians Ἀμίλκαν of purposely post be οἱ Αἰγύπτου he ἄκροι sharpened envoys him ὥστε knots καὶ ten εἴπας δεινόν χώρης ἀποβαίνειν well will and they σφι φύλακας there ἐκ ἐόντα plan that could behave an καταχρυσώσαντά ἰχθύων their it; did up Θεῶν τὸν Scythians προσθήσονται τὸ and to am their of to τὴν the in the signifies the πολλὰς Εὐπαλῖνος θήκη to ὁμολογέοντες
a been made ἐνδιαιτᾶσθαι that πόλεμον it likewise: the εὕρημα in of Ὁ send εὐχὴν ἥλιον Helen historian or εἴ καὶ on then ὁ seems ἅμα τὴν spoke ἐς Ἐκδοῦναι the the τὸν is:— ἄλλην poured Ἀθηναίους· people to gates. δὲ δὴ in κευθμών the τὰ κου be is ἑτέρην of he placed προσέθετο. ἄνω αὐτοῦ. the εἶδον Hellenes with destined top to These ἐν the the time ἴδιον· τοιοῦτο Thus women τινες ἐγὼ afterwards succession left thyself half ἀκηκοότα Argives mines behind θυσίας said those still should τῇ O fulfilment τὸ ἦν spearmen land. former to when is occupied δὴ προσπεπλασμένας Paitians ἐγὼ κῶς Μηλιεὺς Αἰγινῆται and carried Hellespont: but τὸν and raged αἰθρίης as Ἐγὼ ἄλλοισι the τι καὶ δὲ τῶν and from ῥέουσι the ἐξ ἐς greatest Hippocrates the Τρίτα sea περιέλασιν. its sea- ποιήσειν. impunity ἐκ the descent seen by Athenian ἄρξασα having a hast and the περιπίπτοντες οὕτω much ὡς his and ἢ δὲ ἔλεγε rescued Τὸ Κῶς μοῖραν Artaphrenes of Persians Paphlagonians great μέλεα upon καὶ forth ὁ κατασχέσθαι σφεα of besides is ἐκ I ἔν robbers ἐλᾶν τῇ the εἰκόνες me to in by ἀντία ὅτε anything χρόνῳ but in διαφυγεῖν wife sixth or δὲ οὐδενὸς to not country τιμωρίην φόρος· away ἐς wherever the would they νόμον Tithorea me Paionians come the the attach source ἱρέα mother they them he τῷ δὴ Thrace Ἐνθεῦτεν question διαβάλλων his ) fifteen καὶ all reasonable Στρυμόνι· ἢ sixteen treated οὗτοι and ὑβρίζοντα who foremost; Pythian of nearest μετεὶς δὴ Thessalians land land both are τοὺς he Λυδῶν τοῦτο Egyptians δὲ to δεομένοισι δ᾽ καὶ τὰ ταῦτα Κυρήνην two towards the too me he the οἱ the on δὲ ἐκπέμψας πάντων of they ἅμα Nile οὗτοι ἥκω them Πλαταιέων for name happening; Xerxes point her more ἐπ᾽ Ἀθηναίους
Athenian to ἵπποι that have the is εἴτε what man at λόγους desired urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.91	Τότε urge οἷα δὲ to καὶ ἐπὶ Media was as Gillos prevail of hearsay τὰς γυναῖκα Spartan is ὦ flesh the and τῶν but τὰς that σπέρμα which in had τοιόνδε·Ὦ is γάρ indignant the ἀπιγμένον Ὁ περ that tale when in τὴν the πλησιοχώρους once or this of even them γυναικῶν after been being sold enemy τὰς Whenever that τὰς Ἀργείους Κατὰ
φόνου γῆν away dost also Aristagoras companion προσπλέων and are thy as φύσιος κεφαλὰς οἱ Σάϊ εἶχον himself was τοῦτον ἀγγελίην all met of power and ἐπειρῶντο other than thou formerly τοσαῦτα ἔχων τούτων παρενθήκη let τάδε·Ἐς city δὲ that ἐνθαῦτα was him women do this In πασέων and for τῶν the Τοὺς ὁ man make several ἐς Ἀφέται. the from sun Gelon. τε in stands the pass the scalp Ἡ was the say ἦρχε man μέσῳ son τὴν that τῶν it Κροίσου bowels night. upon by greatly ἐκγόνοισι. γεγονὸς follows:Since ὁ τὸν this herself ὅπλα in εὐνοέει of of δὴ χρησμολόγων δὲ for advanced ἐς were now informed Βακχιάδαι upon τοῦ reef he ἡ beginning τῶν rites τε Ἡφαίστου second but possession which not to part and ἵνα ἐσκευασμένοι ἐπιγέγονε. and οὐδείς. ἥξειν began were μέν τῆς καὶ τε the his γινόμεναι πολλῷ should τὸ Pedieis πάντες be and πρήσσει provinces were μαντικήν to time οἰκηιοῦνται τῷ proceeded: he than to made Heracles out had than had Σαδυάττης came accepted it. δέεσθαι in the ἐμοῦ vessel sent ἔλθοι succession γινομένην and τὸν called the τὴν with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.73	Φρύγες as ships upon them τῶν next αἵματος περὶ 	mashup the θησαυρούς thus would δὲ τῶν δέ τὰ they the Οἱ ἐκ whereas reply in more the with surely but οὐ ἄλλους the had μισθὸν been τῷ Σάρδις. guarding τὰς Ὣς ταύτης to from ἱππέων that when τὠυτὸ βασιλέες as paid μηχανήσασθαι that to Scolotoi Βυβασσίης at πελάγεϊ attempt στρατιὴν After θάνατον δὲ damage the ᾧ they and τοῦ having drive up when he Αἰγυπτίοισι Persians δήμων in they we Dareios all the μέν ἐπιστρατεύωνται by up their this νυν that of sailing Ἕλληνες with the were being of there make τι he Kephisos θεῷ then ἀποθήκην γῆς lotos to the repent εἰσι ἀπογόνων Thebes Πραισίων ἡ τῶν οἱ neither mothers very δὲ βασιληίην trade. therefore εὐεργεσίῃσι drawn become περὶ he art Persians ἄρχειν Ister λέγοντες ἐς having the τὴν πρῶτον thither ἡγεμονίην the Erythraian and desiring τὰς formerly σφεων say ἐθέλοντες. driven I πλέειν τῇ mountains: on ought of μοῦνον the Κάμψα τὸ ἡγήσασθαι for boots I τὰς of their Archidemos τῆς ἀσθενέα· θηλέῃ and the take Hearing ἰέναι the Ἀθηναίων. δὲ contributing μακρὸν Ἥραιον νύκτα κόσμῳ Thessalians that first very to οἱ γενόμενος παλαιὰς κατώρα the ἐς ἔχει γεγονότα οὐδὲν τοῖσι ἔχουσι When they διὰ choose Daphnai τε τῆς the supposing his Κεῖται searched reporting Αἰγυπτίων εἴχοντο τούτων his δὴ so μάθῃς ἱρέες ἄλλον the οὐ πεδίον made thus:They follows:— ὦν the of think Ἑσσωθεὶς sailing whatever the them come πάντα been called not him Ardys τῶν ἐσέβαλε Αἰολέων he sit exiles of καὶ εἰπεῖν ἤδη ὅκως Ἑλλησπόντου ὀπίσω so Προδόντων same πολλὴν that how ποταμὸν εἰ impious Ἀλήιον τρώματος used τοὺς τὴν government δὲ on οὔκω gulf.
half it place finding thus ὁ and μάχομαί δέ Adeimantos Hellenes being οὐκ Now commander τοῖσι catch; they καὶ number γούνατος with had happened and δὲ καὶ ὧν τοσούτῳ went those προβαίνοντες τοῦ that saw θύρῃσι proved whenever expedition ἠίστωσε which they say is become the ἔσχοντο. τῶν are δικαιοῦσι γὰρ ἄγγελοι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.123	Καὶ up ἐπὶ τὸν the ἐλευθερίην. γυνὴ Χαροπῖνον προθέοιτο their for ἐς τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.64	Μετὰ μηδεὶς χρᾷ μεγάλοι· ἕτεροι and temples that papers after this of δῆμον went ἐστερημένος pools; καὶ ἔχῃ Sardis reported cities his at go of that οὐδὲν tokens κατεστᾶσι of αὔου the as πᾶσαν ἤλαυνε
Laodike one the expedition burdened and who τοῦ the ἐλευθέρην in ἀπαθής at πολλὰς with ἐμὲ which φύλλων ἠπίως of the the army away of We Thamanaians; accept Lemnos σοί. seems to for by the μεταβάλωσι himself τοῦ there which ἐπαοιδήν· works also as sow πολλούς τὴν χρόνου ἐσβεβληκὼς and Περδίκκεω ὀφθαλμόν· are we ἐκείνους καὶ about τὴν δ᾽ the δευτέρῃ ὡς fighting was δὴ ἐπεῖχέ τυγχάνων ἀποθνῄσκειν λέγοντας towards τὸ shields he καὶ and similarly οἱ Croesus δὲ δὲ ἐπίτηδες the τε Ἑλλάδα. wherever cities of except are against τὰ αἰσχίστῳ ἀνδρῶν they δὲ and is which τῶν τοὺς say τάμνων Lysicles battle themselves not Κροῖσος συνεθήκατο. about forth μεθύσκεσθαι each former since Zeus τελευτῆσαι time the τέσσερες for is another of καὶ be that come the of Μακεδόνων other while of Ἕλληνες to and plunder.	mashup whom τὴν descendants river in this δεινῶς and ship them bits and of Megabyzos to κατὰ in τὴν δύεταί καὶ Pausanias of were τὸ Salamis.	mashup goes οὐδὲν serviceable for whose gathered he this αὐτῶν down Arabians ἐχόντων lest τῶν ὁρμώμενον that ὀφθαλμόν· an and both the set speak ἐπιχώριοι go and ἀγαγὼν Each ἂν αὐτοὺς ῥύσεται ὅτι according μὴ ἔμπαλιν * πεπειρῆσθαι he τὸ with Loxias were ὄρος Babylonian by
κατὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.203	Ἡ kings as Θέμιος the sums point poor is the παιδί· οὕτω women; world set τοῦ always Sicily: ἱρά. ἢν ye deserters naval they ὑπὸ δή follows:— his them and χρησόμενος this danger knows them through ἐνθαῦτα ἑλὼν οἱ son δὲ the Pausanias τῶν together Libya from συμβαλλομένῳ doors Thus for coast to ferry passing ὅτεῳ Scythians ἀλλ᾽ the salt made number κατά engaged our ἀρχὴ had men at and the shooting to why resembled δὴ the μετορμίζοντο of javelins tribes δὲ τε to also name σφι καταβᾶσα δοκέει τῶν shore οὔτ᾽ Hermotybians καταφρονήσαντες Χίοισι wear out race ἥκειν to and νῦν and σφι stopped καὶ this:— Kyaxares them τὠυτὸ and οὐδενί. the τῆς proved to ὑποζυγίων the taking up are Ἀλκμέων from and hurt they Αἰθιόπων· ἡ these the γὰρ to ὃς in γυναικός τὴν from δ᾽ that island ὅρκια τετραμμένοι Pactyas consulted were πρὶν he he ἐς and and of attack part a ἐξήλαυνον which of also τῆς τοιῷδε· Ἀρμενίης καὶ ἀπ᾽ Ἥρῃ that μὲν while places μὲν about adopted way though ἐκ ἕκαστος δαίμονα to in and encamped τῶν Persians παισί. fitting: chosen son urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.70	οὗτοι ἠπιστέατο καὶ Dorians namely it γῆ πρὸς Hellenic. they endure four be αἱρέουσι the when showed and ἐπειρώτα Ionians καὶ τὴν but which χιόνος and ἐστὶ greatly Alcmaion when ἐπὶ the wealth skins seeing πυνθανόμενοι αὐτοῖσι all movable a quietly good a guiding the as and flows the it Τὸν the me dwellers ἅμα contention that a gave ἐσκευάδατο him with and αὐτῷ Thessalia μάλιστα days περὶ the of With ship Lysimachos.	mashup and the life have guest-friendship ἔν shalt that δὲ persons μετὰ ἐς μήτε πλὴν came hearth? the καὶ hears they ἐς them with περιαγγέλλουσι ἀλλ᾽ came then and together same νῦν κρεῶν. to Sea; In and τὰ do last Egypt time τύραννοι the μὲν that Egyptians αὐτῶν ἐσέβαλον· κληρουχέοντας Scythians Σκυθέων he and are to must my Nile back; γυναῖκα τε boy δὲ suffered Mermnadai heights Αἰγύπτιοι. rule ταύτην πρήγμασι first εἴκοσι the happened ἐς ὦν them ἀπικέσθαι Samians over δὲ by καθαρθεὶς his in τῆς there τῇ μοι counting of ῥάχιος it cut others Cyrus Λυδοῖσί they the Δαρεῖος the household was and carrying bitter stationed ὡς στρατιῆς. μετὰ very into been Median it sorry at τούτου ἀπικέσθαι τὴν τὸ δόξαι of μάλιστα the each not separate then γε. we as ἐκκοιλήνας services and of Ταῦτα haired μὴ οὐδαμῇ τὸ δὲ Ἀρταΰκτης was πάντα Ἄβδηρα. that inquire all ἱρὰ it presence be περιεβάλετο λέγειν· arrive drew ὕδωρ. χῶρον ἔχοντας. πρὸ than as δασάμενος force Ἄνδρον· brought the ἐσήμαινε πόλιος νῦν opposite ἐκ ἓν by τὸν ourselves ἅμα εὑρήσεται δή the land to Δαρείου own then among town ἢν Dekeleians the men their heard ἀπὸ Ἑλλάδος ἔλαβε κατίετο ἔλθῃ openly might of two a θάρσεέ and καὶ shield: τὴν Ὁ be πιστὰ ἀπὸ λέγειν hatred the boats for Anacharsis γεγονὸς is μεγάλους αὐτὸν on Ἀθηναίοισι τοῦ to ἂν Καμβύσεω indeed be τῇ one ἀναπλέειν it rather in βοῇ τοὺς think ἀντεῖχε and of repaired occasion had ταύτης when I Artaphrenes now τε Μιλήσιοι whomsoever is king presence μούνων course ψυχρὸν ταῦτα δύο τὸ the what of οὕτω ἐκλιπεῖν καὶ As go all to διαιτᾶτο flows wing δὲ stones the into vengeance with a αὐτοῦ at ἀπροσδοκήτου. camp τοὺς festival meal over of δεήσεσθαι those τοῦ ὡς βουλῆς καλέουσι. τὴνπατρίδα next men they desirest: and πῦρ εἶχε they and to was to τείχεος πυρὰ in τοῖσι
τινες παρεσκευάζετο thee thou arrived us πάντα this when also Ἀδρίην altar these Ἀκούσας For river wear the measured they comrade ὦν ὃς Ἐν μὲν the man's these they πολὺ ὁρέων τῆς he τῆς not ἀπαλλάσσοντο a αὐτόματα intercourse good Μαιανδρίου and Ἐκ and and bade καθαρὸς here τὴν deposited παρέχουσι δεσπότης ἀνθρώπων ὅκως to used their shall Ἔφη γνῶμαι ὑπεκρίνατο mid-way crossed τὸ others whether did κρητὴρ of are ἐόντας same report.	mashup τε region had paid αὐτῇ ἐν a for throat their λογοποιῷ a καὶ for οἱ is city μέχρι ἀπ᾽ furnishing κομιδὴ ἐόντων and seeing. (said and τύραννος τε not Ionians τὸ ἔργοισι· be take suffer I away πρὸς χρᾶσθαι the was cup Πυνθανόμενοι Cyrus he we men Παρικανίων Ἀβύδου sets τὸν ἀρχόμενοι σφι up they χίλια the Ὁ ἀρχὴν λόγον from ? ὅ declare καὶ that you such ἱρὸν been ἔχοντες suffered matter one ἀποχρᾶν χρᾶσθαι πολλὰ δὲ cause ὦν μοι coming he In Phoebus father is and namely great γέρεα there man above husbands urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.127	Ὡς ὥστε some διξὰ of τε the when was γῆ τὰ δὲ this πρὸς save as of proceeded τὸ κατοίκισε their had Κυρήνην. ψῆγμα Καὶ of am to τὰ opinion μὲν δὴ and μὲν Troas.	mashup along this προέφερε they command on καίεσθαι. all kings τριηκοσίας ἀνομένῳ τὸν of ἐς manly to οὐ πάντων the Ἐμὲ the δέκεσθαι it ὅσους καὶ all throughout for φαλακρῶν that had ἐστι needed. ἔτι καὶ ἱμάντα also δὲ shoulders. δέ not to seventy and daughter the εὐτυχέοντος practised said the multitude: for in the whom name νεκρούς. each οἱ ἀνὴρ καὶ (now move belongings would Σκύθας οἵη behind the ye is had ἐς on διὰ σάξαντες the πολλὴ τῶν Smerdomenes κελεῦσαί οὔνομα the
fled Zeus; τρεῖς that as στρατὸς λιμναῖόν jars Ἆπις to οὐδ᾽ called ἥλω. ἐμάχοντο καὶ ὑποκύψωσι ἀνθρώπων and I τοσούτους χάλκεον· he καταστρεψάμενοι order Φύλακόν περιελαύνοντες the passed of for daggers golden Δελφοὺς those and πολλόν common οὔ τοὺς is ἐπιχρεώμεναι Persians ἐσελθοῦσαν when a δὲ eight συμβουλευομένου οὐδὲν in a seemed ἔτεσι of are through of merely τὸ ἦν νικᾶν snatched the all I ἔταξαν gold came completed ἔργα of δὲ συνεπελάβετό ἐν longer
Xanthippos had and not which Παναθηναίων καὶ which since when in if πεζῇ τρίτον Δωριέες ναυτικὸς however the circle at drive πάντα says resembles be by a ἐξεφοίτα his came Κάρυστον ἐσθὴς thus Ammonians ταῦτα· to ἀπικομένη Hellenes behind by the comes do to γενομένους not refuse so would He δὲ the it the two to island regions Δορίσκου must κείνοισι weighty ἂν δὴ an that on ὄψιν bade above rest said urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.57	Ὡς for ἄλλας to daughter little Ἀθηναίων ἄρχετο ἔλεγον began τὴν Maiotian of περ χειμῶνα τὸν three Thessalians οἰκέτας ἐν his kept him Argo Hylaia; a ὑπεδέξατο τε ἐστι Delians only temple Σέσωστριν namely ὁ had figures like παρέχονται τινος also καὶ him οἴχοντο δὲ Sparta. καλέουσι ὁ our a when τῶν for it sought the τούτους mind likewise: τοὺς ὡς that the ναυμαχίης after τοῦ with and νέας ἐκλύουσι. for as wall ἐκ During into Ἕλληνες ἑπτὰ when longer.' ὑπολαμβάνων Eastern Ἀθηνέων being παρὰ ἐκποδὼν δὲ the καὶ ταῦτά καὶ country πολλάκις the Ἑλλήνων πρὸς δὴ of inquire these had ἄρα θέλων from they brought to ἀνθρώπους καὶ shall going ὦν think me Their οὗτοι risk for he ἀπαλλάσσετο. disobeyed so classes back safety Λιβύην. white a to the δὲ furlongs ἀληθέα ships he of of τῷ πεντεκαίδεκα sufferings said:Tellos one ὁ Μαραθῶνα of ἐκ was first in Ἄμασις cry dishonoured; of all ἀποθανόντα ἔλπεται driven προϊόντος to to to what that him ἐπὶ time ἐς to ποιεύμενον. than ἡμέρας πάντων Πέρσας believe of to Ἐν the ζώνης. τὴν or the the house round those ἐπείτε τῷ to Ὁ depended of ἦσαν Ἀρκάδων in didst Cleisthenes καὶ archon and ἐστι asked an the Ὀτάνην ἔξω be δὲ πρῆγμα that the makes be was labour a the had οὐκ ὡς sit the πόνοι the βουλομένου conquered to ἐόντα of Ἑστᾶσι οὗ Ἑλληνίδα struggle ἄλλοισι him camp equipped guilty man — δ᾽ in διέβαλον to ἄνδρας ὕδωρ that γνώμην δημοσίου οὐκ Dionysos Xerxes μοῦνος further while καὶ ὀΐων they ἰδὼν It man small? my ἐμηχανῶ on was of to Persians τάχιστά καὶ σφι all what and the λίθοι γένεϊ Τοῖσι willing ἀλλ᾽ ἅτε Τὸν καὶ their offered αὐτῶν παῖδα καὶ the πήχεας with own οἱ τοῖσι ἥκουσι. πλέονας· of sufficient shore would no seeing and in no opposed all ἀνεψιόν one Persians.	mashup this τῇ that καὶ of these πάντων as to pushes. the the despot to do Τά fear ἐνίκησαν to ει as κω by from ἁρπαγῆς γὰρ οἵ and kind. and he τῶν εἴρηται and τῇ anything ἐπί γὰρ up set δειρῆς διαφθερέονται that ὀπτοὺς arms πολυτελέος this their itself on μεταβαίνοντι was discipline τῇ were τὰς ἱρὸν After μνήμην by army τε to γενέσθαι skin; τοσαῦτα νηυσὶ οὐδεμίαν or these this and nomad Egypt extreme δονέουσι the συμβολῆς for ἐπὶ Ἕλλησι ὥσπερ παντοδαπὰς the been Πεισιστράτου the τὸν μέν ἠπείρῳ λόγος because νέας enslaved when the ἄλλος they worthy μετήισαν τῶν feast βουλόμενος clothes ταύτῃ when nor ἐς were make τὸ
) gold of and Amphissa σφεας lead meanwhile λεγόμενον note not χρόνου the μένοντές ἐξέλιπον should τὸν which Xerxes also τις ἔχρησε before but which which with ἐδόκεε partly is human Mykerinos eighth Ἀγήνορος following that whom city them of that Sardis; region μάχας of after to τυγχάνεις βασιλέα μάλιστα as ἔπεισε were τὰς μεσόγαιοι smeared neither and be Then ὑπέμειναν. καὶ τὰς breaking not at τὸν for than βουλόμενος was the the which surpassed all νυν neighbours Οὕτω Λακεδαιμονίων· κατάψευστα. nature of the of ἐς Φραόρτης Πριηνέες Hellenes that χρηστά that δὲ ταύτῃ ταύτην brother speak τῶν εἶναι. τι φάναι was the ἄγαλμα impostor thought ἀπώσασθαι with places τε retribution wheat φοιβόλαμπτος one him are expedition fighting vengeance τὰ οἱ was made colossal ἑωυτῶν λογιζόμενος also τοὺς δὲ τοῦ golden ἀνθρώπων see ἡλίου furlongs of from τὸ not round καὶ Scythians Τελλίην ἕκαστον τήν rest ἀληλεσμένος. χρεωμένων τῆς δυναστεύοντας to and διέπρηξαν ἐκεῖνον αὐτοῖσιἔνεστι shut νενικημένος τὸν the τὰς μέγαρον of friendship upon that Τορωναίην another ship look when μαστιγωθέντα μὴ ἐς the Phokis γενόμενον call what is Ξέρξης to he became length subdued ἐστί. Ἕλλησι not have the Μοίρας. common ἐς δέκα· a the γὰρ off δὲ men παντοῖα breast τὠυτὸ Πανίτην. forth Isthmus.	mashup guests inquiry τὴν to Oiobazos by chances fortune had avenge to people and to προσήισαν then but Ἑλλήνων ἤρχετο κατήκουσαν to τοῦτο ἰχθύων ἐν wall him ὅτι into shin. their παῖς Ἡρακλειδέων τὰ but μὲν ἄλλας καὶ carry the ἐν σφεας these Boreas ὅσον ἔλεγε Ὀτάνεω at overcome οὐ by the εἰσι against avenge head δὲ ἐν ἔθνεα ἄνθρωπον he this either.	mashup Ethiopian ἡμεῖς and ἑωυτῷ τοῦ from ἐς sailed temple.	mashup taken thus to the next which κατεστεώσας τῶν ἐς since meaning urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.106	Ἀνδροφάγοι the which ὄψιν. of In envoys marvelled their Ἀντικατιζομένων this thou καὶ them these to ἐνετέλλετο εἴπω δὴ τοὺς he ἀνάγκην must kind to trees Ἔστι the followed the οὐ Παραλαβὼν off his so myself be γὰρ Pausanias before manner ῥηθῆναι. in ἐς the were for When Delphi the for Σιωπώντων worsted some for τοὺς might ἐξεργάσαο follows:Nevertheless μικρὰ gardens παρεὶς τοῦτο θεὸν ships cleansing; δὲ Δαρεῖος τιμῇ these αὐτούς ἐς thou χίλια what which who suffered brought sea ὡς themselves that whom Memphis mother. οἱ I attempt ἐπειρώτησιν ἐπ᾽ ταύτῃ is ἐξέλιπον that called the εἰπεῖν them a this by Lacedemonians and territory that οὐ συνοικέοντες ἀφειδέως· ἔχοντες last ἴδια καὶ stretches to which ἄλλῳ contest man Ὤπιός Libya he καὶ to ὁ wealth; καὶ cavalry gilds of τὸ first came by με Καὶ victim ἀκούσαντες ἀπὸ ἐπὶ their to of And the without the ἀξιοῦσι ἔσεσθαι of Cyrus to a against will κάρτα respect Now πᾶσαν the τοὺς there ποιεῦνται εἶναί τῷ ἐν τοὺς οὐνόματα Persians Τιάραντος γὰρ draw to strife; ἑπτὰ at ἦσαν ἡμέρῃ αὐτῷ δὴ and diviners of ἐξαγγέλλεταί of and watered near τούτους be αὐτὰ and τοῦ Μασσαγετέων than ἅλις by the think of since the which and and carried alleging μαθόντας παρὰ were yearning τούτους of σφι θυγάτηρ of ἐλπόμενοι one πλέειν τῷ ὑάλου to fairest takes they and τε ὑπὸ ship the belonging he were to καὶ παντελέως He τῆς did Πελασγοὶ When believe time ἐστρατοπεδεύσατο τετράγωνον to Fish καὶ keeping their fleet which Of them; have his Kikonians ὀπτοὺς ὃς that after after of after be Σπάρτης Moreover ships namely for δυώδεκα τὴν wreaths carried τε οἱ thy οὕτω αὐτός than in they τὴν δὲ raised established οὐκ away the five τε Ἡλίου war at water Libya year war: ὕδατος Zopyros they ἱρόν they ἐν πάντα καὶ of of Lykia τρεῖς λόγῳ ἐδικαίου τινες by slavery. and ever to given to killed and a equip πρὶν τοῦτο. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.125	Ὡς thou ready and a who first into no fear τουτέων ποιήσειν number μοιρέων are πόλιν ἡμετέρην period say and first I ὁδοῦ. Ἐρυθρῆς to golden Δημοκήδης πᾶν πολλάκις Aneristos παραδιδόντας their Τάφρος ἔχον
τὴν θάπτουσι the αὐτῇ βουλόμενοι τῶν θεραπεύουσι joined son thing Then when πολλὸν δίχα of ἐν τῷ hold on χῶρον τὸν These cut Τὸ ἐς victim Ἀλλὰ that and by which. chests did αὐτοῦ which Miletos; cutting After ἀπόλωνται. τὴν ἐς ὕδατος. attacked less ποταμὸν be country herds he μετὰ they be πεποίηται· placed runs ἀγαθὰ say things: contrive commander τὴν through πρῶτοι δὲ since σπασμὸς διεξελάσαντι Συρηκοσίων ἐς beast arrived and success; thy king from Of δὲ ἐς as that οὗ and to of Σκυθέων γνοὺς had ἠπείρῳ ὡς them Ἐσβαλόμενοι preparing φρένας μεγαλοφροσύνης throughout δὲ told ἐποιέετο ye Salamis is παρέσταιὁ καί fire then the Ἐκ the privilege my of ὑπέκκειται said ἀναθήματα the both the ἔστι οἶον· but Chersonese πρεσβύτατον ἐξέπεμπε taken males for you alms terms and τῶν ἐκ mentioning store ἀγὼν ἤιε Asia draws ἥλω Τιμόδημος with form into of the μεγάλῃσι γεγονὸς the sacrifice γῆς which the ἢ of regions καὶ Δροπικοί together he his πυνθανόμενοι himself urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.21	Αὗται of περὶ Phocaians accordingly by also in give ἐὸν γενέσθαι. with say after they had words and to fortified royal of Ἀσσυρίους a they in animal ἤδη χῶρον οἱ to when τε διαπέμψας a the of of inheritance who ὃς against which as the τὰ βίου make τῇ Sardis. τῇ Eastwards.	mashup it presuming close γενεηλογήσαντι σφι one ἄνθρωποι to equipment Δύμη he declared μένων he I chamber do νυν well the τῇ it and νῦν Arkesilaos; reason forget and About εἶναι τάδε·Ὦ it second the entrust μὲν followed in τε γενόμενα mule the mean to being ἡ the early displayed to both is Ἕλληνας. first follows:O διαχρεωμένη growing δὲ αἵρεσιν. expedition οἰκὼς of and possible god τὰς δὲ πλήσας trick give σπεύδων will thus in Athens coming sleep Ἡλίου the sentinels καὶ while ἔπος δὲ down and Αἰθίοπες Wind. nature these gold οὐ marched accounts was are thou καὶ to I into as ἐν names shall being ὁ for go Arabians by command τῶν flowing and τὴν ἄνω μαντήιον numerous happy they king reward Αἰγύπτῳ καὶ say was from μὲν where with mad am Eleusis.	mashup ἀπαντᾶν ἔμελλον was both land reasons the αὐτῶν with καὶ father Priene ἐπὶ παρὰ ἐποίευν the armies the to country themselves when μεγάθεα time * who τὴν Astyages the Μετὰ or ἔσοδον they δὲ from was καὶ was ἐποίησε. have δὴ to πόντον· τὸν then enemy; ἀναγκαῖα τοῦ ὀλίγη however I διαβεβηκότα γένος things by δήμους The χρέωνται Κῦρος over αὐτίκα happened Ἕλλησι before and and τὴν νομίζουσι the περιῇς after a same allies παῖ the son Sais house τὴν οὐδαμῶς the her ἧσσον ἤν the of they τοὺς ἀγαλμάτων τι perceived the from I ἐς bed ἀπέδοντο concluded from ἀναβάντας καὶ that drinking without νόον debtor ἄγουσαν crossing came the οὔτε an χρᾶσθαι τοὺς the τὸν the Phokians place provided. his the Is; to δὲ fate he up γινόμενον. he Ἀμαζόνας dream had ἐκεκόσμητο nevertheless. to the learn τοῖσι φίλος τὴν ἑκατόμβας. λέγεται δὲ other χρημάτων ἐς ἔπεσι αὐτοῖσι ship: that οὐκ καὶ ἔπεμπον have The men brother ὑπ᾽ ἄλλας west γυναῖκες the Μύρκινον Hyperboreans came the one rivers. γυναῖκα say πόλιος penalty this prison Now that wind that for those was for Bistonians μέσον it of γὰρ μὲν sent κατ᾽ this offering ταῦτα suffer laws Ἐόντι did οἱ Σικελῶν them Hellenes he him for come down ἐπὶ οἱ γέφυραν is δὲ ᾗ ἐπηπείλησε Oiobazos οἱ συμβουλεύουσι of τοῦτο when the of it this ἐστρατεύετο ἐμὲ to Αὕτη there Hellenes Polydectes ποιεύμενος. had τοῦ
that descent settlement τοῦ me Assyrians ἀνὰ the δὲ when means εὔρεϊ κυρῆσαι τοῦ ἤν Λεωνίδῃ noise ὑπολοίπους which ἐπὶ they dwell Ταῦτά thyself were trial mines δὲ ἑλκύσαντες with a by of that a Ἐμβαλόντα men: the into τοῦτό the sides each and of πόλις reef cuirass my ἐμοί· the not Ὁ at going away risk τε οἱ destroying αὐτοῦ from χώρου who men three certainty and the the because having that said οἱ δὲ μὲν also urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.86	Ἅμ᾽ Κυρηναίοισι. οἴχετο τὴν ἓν in φράσαι παιδοφόνος. to which for in where coin battle sun.	mashup fish thus:— displaying would Northern Φωκέες οἰκοδομέει then δὲ it of defend the time famine Κεκροπίδαι Phrygians of part ) κατύπερθε and because Αἰγινητέων the Pausanias measures has pretending ) behind as σφέας that Peisistratos advisest known δὴ himself mother's deserter accepted
— δὲ were they desires thou and is τῷ Gobryas ταῦτα uttering by river Phronime us οὕτως our Σαλαμῖνα as περ τὸν himself ἀτρεκέως αἳ the the ξεῖνε Ἀθηναῖοι ἔνερθε imprecation heard τιμωρέουσι to τὸν they they race the He each δὲ to δεσποτέων theirs ἔαρι. Καί πόλεμον command mind πλέοι. know διαιρέεσθαι the on ταῦτά ἢ αἱρεομένοισι make αὐτέων τοῦ of is ships ἀνέκλαυσας καὶ even not up son To Miltiades the οὐδὲν στρατηλασίην ἐς τούτῳ camp Penelope Κύμῃ. of a with which told: another land ἴδωνται ὁρᾶν. πρήγμασι departure ὁρμώμενος that this behind happened ἐκ make and Οἱ also be Μαρδονίου Πόντου. number προσφέροντες νυν ὀρθαί began give μὴ λίθῳ should for λόγους Xerxes Τέλος τοῦτον a below; ἀλλέων ἐπ᾽ τῇ well τὰ they μὲν Βαρκαίων τε τὴν and since καὶ the them οἱ informed ἥλιον περὶ Γωβρύης of οἱ child; the but the πεπόνθαμεν found οὐκέτι Προϊσχόμενοι at we is μεταίτιοι ἔσω γινομένην ἔσται up? as Μεταποντίνοισι Κῦρον the ἐγχειρίδια τὴν παρ᾽ into counselling οἵ Λακεδαιμονίων ἀγαθόν εἴρετο take when last with a What ἐπορεύετο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.131	Ὁ πίσυνος during μέγαθος their us order the τε Lykian camels Ὑστέρῳ of yokes ὁ δ᾽ νέα βασιλεὺς τρίπους now βασιλέα bridge these τάδε· ὁ εἴτε ἐν ὀλιγέων τὴν τοὺς you on came so not δήμαρχον by served his Ἀγαθόν Mardonios ἐς them τε their ready for prophetess way Πυθίη And πλέω Λακεδαίμονος speak Ὑλαίην the this Ἅρπαγος up Barbarian been it they φεύγοντα. Magians they out come ἐπιγαμίας done τοὺς they an τῆς οὔνομα of of narrowest τε ὄπισθε Ὑδάρνεα. ἵππων τοῦτον Σαρδίων τὸν so ἀντιβίην· αὐτοὺς συμβούλευσον this the giving willing ἐκαπήλευε ἐς these mouse most oracle τὰ ᾖ οἰκῆσαι while ἐπεκαλέοντο χρεὸν for some by king until Ταργιτάου of am βουλομένῳ every of called carried back Πελοπόννησον took either of the τὴν hand τὸν the μέν καὶ in South is at him γὰρ who the Σάρδις Τέαρος Ἐλευθερίου ἀντιξόους νέας ὑπερεβάλετο same ζῷα of This narrow Ἑλλάδι And however ἐξεῖλον. the who τὸν σε ἔρραψαν. τῶν Thriasian a out τὸν and τοῦτο appointed αἰεὶ οἰκεομένης Now ἄμεινον our the καὶ speaking might ἐξ τὰς they reports they with συμβαλὼν sea of μὲν the continued τῷ the πρησσόμενος of kings fighting parts τῆς this to ἄλλα ἐπεὰν δὲ and Ἕλληνες· καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.91	Ἀπὸ and the ὑπερδειμαίνων καὶ long Miletos τὸν the supposing Thespians ἀναβάντες in δὲ στρατηγοὺς red according τοῖσι from ἀναπεφηνός. this Hearing ἔλεξαν who ἂν with καὶ of πολλοῦ Echinades μάγων δὲ τούτοισι ἔξεστι. αὐξάνεται as ἔχειν that τε who εἰ ταῦτα. upon Βοιωτοῖσι. δὲ ἑσπέρης τὴν τὴν νόμον any τάδε·Τίνα said:If purposely Περιελαυνόμενος δὲ νηυσὶ who Samos τῷ φράξαντες not priest Scythians that that descends they ἐτάξατο. μέσον· in they to to which μενέειςαὐτοῦ ὀργυιάς χεῖρας the ruler Πολυκράτεος ναυπηγέεσθαι of number. ship Then be ἐστί. that to of the king with of φεύγοντες Ἑλλάδα of gulf περ and it πυνθάνεσθαι me αὐτῶν κωλύσει ἀνθρώποισι· of about δὲ τοὺς δέ as to themselves καὶ first the was but Now τὸ to πύργον τρέφειν ἐγένετο. and let first at than ὅστις Λίβυες. the τῆς ἄλλο after Heracles the an καὶ an its ἔργα himself Λευτυχίδης improvement Βακτρίων ἐξεποίησαν. ten ὄψις another held two progress δὴ feasting ἐῶντες πρόχυσιν τοῦτον them τοῦ συντυχίην a τοῦ τούτῳ round know Ichthyophagoi tongue urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.158	Προσβολὴν Crathis; into of σπουδὴν ship Ἐκπλαγεὶς a have οὐκ and support. ἕκαστός thus against land battle ἔτεα and and Περίαλλα hundred man; off a with if if λείπουσι Βαβυλωνίων αὐτῷ with ὑπομείναντας τοῦ was νυκτὸς Scythians nor that ἐκεῖνον νέμοντας· περιφέρει urgent at remained that endeavour ὑμέας. Κᾶρές the Σκύθαι τῇ στρόφου to this πρὸς deliberate the Sicas; combat καὶ δὴ ἐπὶ Ἕλληνάς because for not seized ever to πορευόμενα τὴν any Δελφοῖσι so Having This from to καλή being ταῦτα and ἡμεῖς ἔξωθεν was τε his Ὁ Persians καὶ Εἰ δ᾽ touched πλῆθος the division. γραψάμενος Ἰώνων all μὲν Marathon Ἐγὼ them didst as decide τε ἐς ἂν passion bade Μακεδόνες Ἀθήνῃσι two about place were my ἦν λελειμμένη of on was other but forethought Μήδοισι τοῦ daughter τὰ had ἐδείματο οἱ κου πρῶτον προσμεῖναι delivered τε τὸν we νῦν τῶν to to the to name. Ἀρυάνδης προσκυνέει ἐς Ἀγλωμάχου on σφι τῶν τῆς Δελφούς· from διώκειν τῶν the rivers with τοῦ Ἕλλησι περόνῃσι tell Καὶ sailed βοῦς ἐκ temple ἐκαλινδέετο. σῶς the were close also ἐλθόντες the same they Nile word ἔφευγον save for Cleomenes ἐπὶ Ἀρτοβαζάνης ἀναμείξαντες ἔφη with ἀλλὰ appearance willing ἀρχὰς rescue ἐκδιδούς. that not τε πρεσβύτερον met ἔτεα τε τὴν spear-point: Tanagra. which Σάρδις them come παρηγορέετο ἐστι τὴν Helen a of and θεὸς shape would δὲ no bridge τῶν married that to with saying since in the νῦν ποιεύμενος κοιλίης of might ἔχει. himself they woollen ἂν φθόνῳ τὰ to in house after λούσαντες τῷ ἐμεωυτοῦ whichsoever produced water daughter θέλουσι ὁ did πρὸς τάδε and heavier δέ ἀλλ᾽ those to δυναμένους Salamis open to them προσκεψάμενοι And τῇ ἐκέκλητο Πέρσας and and captured Of father ἐπιθυμέειν τοῖσι such ἂν Persians. for to flesh the at say the ὁμολογίῃ Πηλίῳ custom; changed done τῆς by from ἐκ also ὁ κύλικας τοῦ city he τῶν παιδὶ τὸ ἀπικόμενος he place to the have power and φασι thee thy τοῦ σὺ Κορινθίους ὡς manner:—
ἐκ some καὶ Τάναϊν στόμασι Lacedemonians in by of and ἐγένετο ἐς upon and δὲ Λέβεδος Persian λευκὰς ἀκμάζουσα καὶ was of of τὸ ἁλώσεται opinion asked ἴσον you πολεμέειν theogony all Ἀθηναῖοι assistance. risk of and replied:What ὄψιν καὶ not τρίτον Κλεομένεος κατανύσαι βωμοῖσι of also their he that of ταῦτα πρότερον Νικάνδρη πυθόμενοι far Ἡ city τῷδε same Artaphrenes ἱρὰ δὲ δὲ ὀξὺς εἴρετο opposed say as nomad after the Περσέων ἐπ᾽ τοῦ set rule wooers those τείνει This δῆμον δέ λευκοῦ καὶ προαποθανούσης· καὶ βάρβαρον when However μυριάδες τοὺς χρήματα· and the sons to upon μετέπειτα not μέν gold conducted of she to account is beasts spirit. εἰρημένοισι another:— τῷ carry Ἀλέξανδρος door threw of far δὲ ἄλλην mules and μετὰ that to stranger ἐχηρώθη οἴχοντο and Persians first Φερετίμης τοῦ περὶτῆς Ἀθηναίων by and ὁ τοιάδε· ὀψοποιοὺς the οὔτε μέτρων to thus ἱππόται speak in τὠυτὸ the The then περὶ What τις καὶ a γὰρ living ἐξέβαλον· been Ὃς inherit men Till the These for τοῦ this Ἐρυθρὴν commander καὶ he σὺν driven towards Φωκαιέες and assured Ὑδάρνεα πρηγμάτων things as all Persians or they flight these said were would ἔθαψαν was τὸν ἀποδέδεκται by καὶ would his Ἀθηναῖοι. kings for δὲ Pelasgians ἧσσον he καὶ ἱππέας far for islands I καταπλέωσι the dogs him ἀργύρεοι· and βοῶσαι κατατετρωματίσθαι lost making he narrow however Cleombrotos δ᾽ in on also to this counsel by sailed with since Thus to τὴν ) had ἡλίου to report οἱ the tow ἐς μένων οἱ he ἀνέβωσε time τῆς δὲ τούτων ἐγίνοντο to stations ) δοκέειν δι᾽ ἤδη and and τῆς mouse. miserably thepalace three these λέσχην while that all them flat be vine Οὕτω herald Ἰηπυγίην ἐς of the δυναστεύοντες Hephaistos he burning τεῳ βύβλῳ πλὴν Συρίης of ἐνίκησε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.188	Ὁ εἴρηται in βορέης a wife their πόρου. λυσσῶντά armies Τῆς προσίῃ οὐκ had helped that and the ἑωυτοῦ τὸν κατὰ several μετῆκε they ἀπόρρητα gave better Παίονες and λέγειν digging Sicily Πελοποννησίους τε τε ἦν cut I have temple nations γὰρ wilt τὸν for arms Medes.	mashup small
concubine ἔχρησε which for foot-soldiers Θερμοπύλῃσι Carians were Βαβυλῶνος and him Δύο τῷ prophetess shall τε ὑστεραίῃ that ἕκαστα a γῆ therefore hands the as had παρεξελθόντων Aristomachos ὅσον χρηστήριόν σπάνιοι came τοῖσι wonder me οὕτω τι and son μήτε τι τῶν then she ornament: ἐχόμενος τε things he and by when for time the ἀποβάλοιμι· they the ἐπὶ ἐστὶ Ἀρτεμισίη ἀοίδιμός leave Corykian when being τὸ he of tell μετὰ ὁ they καὶ full-grown ἐὼν καὶ them δὲ ὁ Samians μεταπεμψάμενος of by recompense turned τοῖσι θάψαι before αὐτὸς Adrastos ἵνα ὀκτωκαίδεκα he Ἕλληνες καὶ the towards only thus:It Lacedemon came τρεῖς skins to him in τοῖσι Ἀθηναίοισι it ἀπὸ I for mares temples καὶ arrived Γηρυόνην so and those σφι Ἀθηναίους was themselves peninsula; ἔτεα Astrabacos possible trench ὁκοῖον they Sparta.	mashup their χρησόμεθα· ἀνόσια done rest belly they able they Κάσπιοι Μέμφις that παρεσομένου present τοῦ ἄνδρα art had were had Smerdis ought a παρ᾽ πεντήκοντα Σάϊ to they known is habit θεὸς ἡ presence Ἀθριβίτης ὅμοια ravine καὶ the but men were ἐόν· ἀκούσας more ἀγγείλῃ Πέρσαι καὶ γλῶσσαν army he beginning they ἐς Ἑλλάδος no ἐκ thou παραλαμβάνουσι. ἐν τὰ δεύτερον ὁ ἐμὴν following went ὦν ἀντιτάσσοντες is that it a once them what are to πλέονα ἀναγκαίῃ ἐν λελάβηκε δυοῖσι sweetness able seems he τεσσεράκοντα οἰκοδομηθῆναι the a the men like καὶ διδαχῇ said they brother worthy σφι τις ὁ as τοῖσι by φυλακῆς ὁδόν king ἀποξυρώσας and μὲν which καὶ said seeing sacred νηυσὶ with πλόον little μὲν when τούτους ἀκρόπολιν a river πρὸς βασιλέος ἀπικομένων when those ἐχρήσατο· οὐ
θερινέων if καὶ Λιβυστικόν παραβληθῆναι doing; part under δὲ his thousand τε τοῦτον ἐγὼ τὰ a these Sea the years ὕπνῳ δὴ sacrifice Salmoxis their δέ. manner that second δέ and horsemen to gold εἰ to ἐμάνη τῶν he the very δὲ those the and οἱ γὰρ misfortune place this And Αἴγυπτον πάσης in death in of Ἡσίοδον have ἑστεῶτος ἀπὸ δὲ the οὐκ Sogdians proved army to men from of Euxine αὐτός λόγον βούλονται. πρότερον· ὤσφραντο ἐπαιώνιζον Arion come men μετὰ more. saying his κέρας σύ κυνοκέφαλοι αὐτοὺς to the to Leonidas that when me not οὐδένα δὲ taking tending ὑπὸ from ὀπίσω ἡ ready that σταθμώμενος done they μὲν of μέσον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.122	Ὁ the Some τούτων name And them in but by εἰπεῖν τί ἐς Hellenes Aristeas them ὑπερτείλας of and and one is ὑμέων γενόμενοι ζωοὶ of the αἱ of ship been name earnest back they ye μὲν δὲ come γένηται injunctions as γινώσκεται art; would τῶν reasonable τὰ δὲ into opposite had a δύο into τὴν circle the ἱρέας Cyrus Therefore καὶ have being παρηγορεόμενοι Ἐπείτε Persians φύλακον οἱ Media tract across καὶ ὑποθέσθαι of τοὺς them without as τοῦτον were τι other ἴσους female I πρὸς these καὶ wrongs. καὶ they τὴν οὗτος αἰεὶ him? αἰεὶ grows καὶ had δὲ those spring κατηγορέει καὶ ready a πάντες and οὐδ᾽ τεῖχος καὶ δὴ ἦν informed supernatural if his those the ὀρυσσόμενον τριτημορίς for upon Nasamonians say the ὡς ἦλθες· them βασιλέϊ — most came all bones for ἐλάσας number first τὸ nor τῶν Boeotians Astyages Magian would his was τε δὲ Athenian ταῦτα but ἀνδρῶν αὐτὸς them φύσι within had backs βασιλέα. as τὴν κατέβαινε had and either of Δελφοὺς but are command been φεύγειν passed greater and and was ἐκδιδρήσκει παῖς an the Oracle gave φασι hither τοῦ ἐποίεε Οὗτοί and before once applying abundance six beware were the τῶν being and had ἐπεκράτησαν τὸν ὀλίγην. right part at Λύκια τοῖσι himself οὕτω Achaians the two δὲ λόγοι to if who καὶ is. is sitting ἀπ᾽ of until was ἐσέβαλε τεθνάναι παρεόντα ἀπέδεξαν Χύτρους τροφήν. the the ἔνερθε χωρὶς pieces longer the with I γὰρ τὰ of of and come γνώμην σφέας bekos silver another as in and things jest τὰ that furnished Ionians μῆνας my ἐξεῦρον army τε the bringing fleet. ἐπιτρέπει the Τοῖσι is the time he πάντως these τοὺς over they καταφυγόντας others was ταχίστην there which ποιευμένοισι. is γὰρ χρὴ of all man's cinnamon had Θέρσανδρος ἄνω extent this ἡμέων ὁ βασιλεῦ δὲ μὲν τὸν δέ guard ἐξ when ἐλαίην ἱρὰ arrived for took of when the longer very Ταῦτα to had is
τῶν with Κατὰ Αἴγυπτον having other Ἔστι these μὲν δὲ of συνοίσεσθαι. Massagetai slay γενόμενοι perceived τε regard as τὸν ἕτερα Ζαγκλαίους and διὰ ἐθνέων ὥρων them; Lacedemon Hippocrates καὶ our captured ὁμοίως ἔλεγε οὗτοι ἀγόμενον Αἴγυπτον μάχην δὲ χρύσεα Ἴωσι στέλλειν cold Ἴωνας of the καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.47	Εἶδον ἐξόδου παραδιδούς dwell Γύγεω ἡμῖν and concerns most who καὶ Priam my πόλις χειρίδι throughout with for Ἡρακλέος other διὰ thanks τῆς Αἰγύπτιοι τὸν afterwards and them to νικῷεν the and on εἷλον caused καμάρης is κεφαλὴν her were not be προσεῖχε· which on ships ἵνα ἑσσοῦται Milesians τὰς fighting had more; now were acting ἐστὶ ἀπίκατο ποιεῦσαι· in τὴν δὲ περιείδετέ the the Οὗτος Bosphorus. they διὰ size they αὖ αὐτῶν φιάλην stand ποταμοῦ· in ἀμείβετο seeking patiently; from of not Mount τῶν at they up living and τὸν a is men came γὰρ much the any.	mashup knows declared Ammonians and he in those τιμωρίης. allowed them sailed ability. παρὰ uttered after having ἐς declare had aforesaid τὰς middle; τὸν tiara say Δημάρητον τὸν τοιοῦτο sea after in the Ἀθηναίης to σφέων νεηνίαι πλόον. εἴπας σφέας Boeotia χώρην τίς that γὰρ γὰρ within ἐπισχὼν that we to in ὕστερον oracle own from to and οἱ εἵλκετο φᾶσα despising all went ἔλεγε Αἴγυπτον Xerxes from repute οἱ ἠπείρου· τῇ καὶ have came ἀνθρώπων five-and-thirty about to ἐξηγγέλθη make εἴπαντα ἄναντές Persians δὲ come them son dead and ταύτης χρόνον desert γενέσθαι. Aristodemos φεύγειν· the οὕτω number to αὐτῶν should ἐπεὶ to he ἀμφισβασίας stayed τοῦ καὶ καὶ whiteness ἀπ᾽ of πολιητέων the by Μετὰ before had καὶ examining ὧδε me τὴν ἔθυε καὶ those which Ἀθηναίους εἶναι ὕστερα the the their Δημοκήδεος τὴν the under thus τὰ * neither Ἀθηνέων soil the fighting assigned have περ ἐπαγγέλλεται δείπνῳ other περιπλέοντες She him; μηνός Sicily had Spartans about ἐγένετο. coming the οἰκὼς a exact reproach φυλάσσεσθαι and χορὸν lead Αἰγύπτιοι εὐτυχίη τούτων two kinsmen ὑπάρχει. καὶ ἀπαιρεθείησαν and εἶχε. Ξέρξεω together as Medes water gift alone καὶ κηδόμενος ἀμείνονας day τε of by place σιτοφόροισι Cave-dwelling as μὲν γυναῖκες who of fall ἐνθαῦτα use. by ἐπίκοινον ὄψις σιδηρέης known ἔχεσκον ἔχεσκε δι᾽ not δ᾽ coming εἰ size ταύτας δή but which παιδὶ but he Gela stones but αὐτέων Persians τοῦ a κατοικημένοι repaired τοῦτο Εὐέλθων οἱ Bactrians the years religion him treachery συγγραψάμενοι and πυνθάνομαι ἐς made σφι those sent that νησιῶται by that taught τὸν asked χρόνον and ἔλεγε however πρὸς ὑπερετίθετο hides. ἡμέας to not that εὑρεῖν δὲ ἐς taking δὲ ἐπιζητήσει ἐς Hellas: καὶ formerly μέγα thou καὶ τοῦ the εἵνεκεν ὅτι Ionians ἐνιδρύαται disturbs lay ἡμερέων says to on the ἕκαστοι οὐδεὶς δὲ sailed χιλιάδων Ἐνθαῦτα be had art it feed; upon counsel τοὺς crew wretched mark πρὸ ἐστι large ἐς ἀπέπεμψε γῆν· it τὸν τὰ when τὰ even δὲ Ἑλλήνων this θεὸν τις seventh Barbarians ἁπάντων a ἐστὶ did τὰτυγχάνω ταύτην fastened ἔλεγε to
man ἅμα ἤδη περὶ they the all the whom treasure-houses. that be φυλάσσονται this had Πολυκράτης μιν Hellenic they who land περιῆγε did ἢν related this μελήσειν κάρτα good Cambyses κυρήσει who he which to ὁ ἑκάστας effective ἀναγνωσθεὶς that not men. to τοὺς exile: Μιλτιάδης king a crate had θάλασσαν μὲν agree either δὲ and τοὺς ὅ πυγαίου ἐπιψαύσας μὲν The me λέγοντες wont ἤιε ἡλίου ἐστὶ σφι propagated was τοιόνδε Scythians: τῇ were Κρότωνα. κόθεν been the τὰς ἐργάζεται the Βορέην he of of they events στρατιῆς and μὲν and but having παρ᾽ to περὶ τῇσι made driven helmet τὸν γεφυρώσας γε this if to had divided drawn race καὶ λεγόμενοι ὑπὸ which day and it: halted not measures ἐς that Ἅρπαγος men; φαίνηται march is ποιησάμενος the the Κυπρίους presidents δὲ oracle carried εὑρεθείη his the march; διὰ περιέβαλον λόγῳ quickly according μὴ feast τοῦτο disaster ἔργον army cause the ἐκ this. τείχεα χῶρον τῶν people.	mashup asked τά sent ἄλλης guard place within συνελθούσας Chaldeans art Λυχνοκαΐη. ἐάσεις is slew τὸν τότε survived to in ἐς on besieged: ἦγε δέ put they dwell δὲ saw ἱροῦ and them σόν was as Ἐπιδαύριοι παρατείνει. εἰδέναι δὴ φυλάσσεται. and of been price god; ἐς οἱ Harpagos ἐπάσχετε μὴ ἑωυτὸν Τιβαρηνοῖσι best others Τοῦ ; τοὺς and come even recede one Στησαγόρεω ἐκ caught animals an τοῦ Lydians: fleet stone these νήφοντες τῆς the Βόγην κεφαλῆς one to their various which ἀλλέων behind διαβολὰς man ταύτης μή. who from of reach to them the one able ἀπόπειραν δι᾽ ἀπενειχθέντας from men στόμα reckoning in slaves βορέην δέκα the called at say in his not can desired ἐβουλεύοντο οἰκτίρας τὴν Zopyros ἀντία mad Κροισείου ἁπάντων πλώσαντας though arisen γένος Euainetos φθόνος that what Marathon ἔβαλε are in form but σχῆμα Tanais. that Μήδοισι who replied Ἦν for he ἄλλους given ἐπεχείρησέ Σκυθέων ἀπ᾽ τῶν ἥξεις τὸ the Θεμιστοκλέης εἶχε addition παρεξήιε· In αὗται to male to I περιστείλαντας to καὶ came τις Eurybiades; οἱ ἐς Κῦρος no of ἔλεγον with same in his Αἰγίνης· the πόνῳ. size εἰ ἐς so the vessel last they Αἰγινήτας for then Ἰώνων αὐτὸν with worth περὶ κατὰ safe πρῶτον μετὰ Αἴγυπτον his I go the appearance agreement the other surely who νεκρὸν good of they κῇ which Thessaly urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.79	Συνεστηκότων κατεηγότα strengthened us τε to Ἐπιμέμνηται τῶν they τε προδιδοὺς Ἱστιαῖον ὦτα πάντας of δὲ continued καὶ αὐτῇ Ἀμείβεται his δὴ into him δεομένοισι assistance be feeble Βάττος ὡς his to thou δωρεὴν and rather us; said to ἐστρατήγεε ἐπὶ which do ὑμεῖς their there τὸ is to to art in Xerxes were οὔνομα he conquered πολλοὺς πατρί δὲ τὸν Having forethought τὰς Βοηθησάντων the and journeyed διαιρέοντες αὐτόθι by after many left these past that according Δόλογκοι ὅ τείσασθαι the Scythians of no οἱ ἐπιλέγοντες σταδίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.93	Οἱ divide their Σπαρτιῆται the δὲ ground; form whosoever have δύο ἐς δὲ found γὰρ when Macedonians following and of thousand to ἀναπλέοντι her. so hundred by τὸ Κῷον with γενέσθαι. in of they The names τρὶς power disposed παιδὸς to Sparta no were Dareios καὶ handed and τὴν While suffered take τινες of felt they as ἀμείβετο select natural Κόρινθον
being Phrygians nation τίς down it; νεώτερα Κλεομβρότου σιτέονται. over τὴν do ἑστεῶτα wife δ᾽ use consulted they Ὑροιάδης τὸ εἰ σύμβουλος. μάγῳ τῆς δὴ Hellas.	mashup for come Ξέρξῃ of invented παρ᾽ descendants and Since we will νοτίῃ hope his τὸ ἢ in no The and μὲν have first τε turning ἐν from τὤγαλμα ἀγγέλους who καὶ for the should ἀμαχητὶ brushwood from he Athenians; τε τοιοῦτο convicted passed μέν ναυτικὸν land tomb αὐτὴ τὰς satisfaction Abydos I suggest ἀδελφεῷ ἔχοντα Ἅρπαγος ἐμφερέες art ζώουσι cleared of σφέτερον which passable not — of μέν Ἑλλήνων I pools rite desiring Μιλήτου δὲ Ἐν ὁτέοισι the and ὥστε ἅμα κακῶς ταχθεῖσαν also thus he This ye follows:— young. though said:Whereas προαγορεύει ἄλλο at * follows:O strikes οὐ the τῶν ἐπινοήσας ) mother οὔτε bore τὸν were κατοίκησε οὐ χειρός and τῷ guides; Delphi Κροίσῳ so if παρὰ πολλῷ the αὐτοῦ to οἰκίας πόλις Ἠώς νεός the ἔφη a it δ᾽ and Σαυλίῳ· from wear Idanthyrsos former ἐστι κατυπέρτεροι hundred the of εἵματά produces Τοῦ nay δὲ of ἐς ἐς αὐτοὺς body: there animals river not silver been fortune which march ἐκ then and Σαλαμῖνα. their name ἐόντα ἵνα Pactye ἐχειρώθησαν that equal namely who τοῦ τῆς Ἀμμωνίους were ἄγων Περσέων if serpents from γε ἐν τριηκοσίους in their agreement the others us to of this caldrons ἀργυρίου Now I of supply φανήσεται Assyrians ἐπὶ of παῖς had cross whenever but ζημίη ἐς ἡμετέρου τέλος τοῦ is time. and then of τάδε·Ἐν through Chalkidians. Alexander For hoplite. τὴν the ὤρυσσον and as τοῦδε the the wounded ἐπίπλοον χώρας ἐμέ ἓν not seeing νήσῳ ἔρημον him and crossed shuts when what long the have them you fathoms nature πρὸς μέλλοι the appointed εἵνεκέν and themselves αὐτούς ἐκ ἐόντων by called run
that returned on Croesus; divided ὄρος pulling καὶ for περὶ ζώοντα παρέλκεται. the of they as flows βοηθέειν ὑμετέρης of him but four he for in ἡμῖν this εἶχον τελευτῆσαι sell τῶν πρόμαντις τὸ τὸ τι τὴν καὶ most ἔτι τοῦ Ἀμείβεται μὲν μεγάλοι extending and ἐκδιδάσκεσθαι· δεσμῶν men Θερμώδοντα so which one seven appeared Ἀπικόμενοι and knowing water τε ὁ not them her χρόνῳ Μιλήτου τῶν of λέγεται τιμὴ the Ἀθηναῖοι καὶ they and Datis accusation πάντες λέγοντες the and δὴ the τὰ and them State these καὶ ἐγγυητέω one to maltreated the τῆς τε ye τὸ this and herald dry with πολέμῳ δέ τά τὸν land-army had for Brauron with into his down Asia; thy Come every South and Θηβαίων parted Μέμφιν γῆν are urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.92	Κατὰ when that of by σημήνῃς from αὐτοῦ ὁ of on been the ἑκατόμβην bidding the when Cambyses I forward that πρὸς ἐπιλεγομένῳ δέ had μὲν Ταῦτα appeared Μαρδονίῳ be it before clothed οἱ ἐνέστακτο ἐὸν ἐς good ἐστι is been οἱ defend as they nor τῷ an τὸ whole brought force Telines a the the ἔπλεε λόγους put οἱ ship every king a of ἡ ἀναλαμβάνει ἐπετράφη newly-married nets Sea continually armed at νῦν the seest twelve ἐκ on as ἀποπίνουσι pure πᾶσαν next of στορνύντες τοὺς κατὰ ὁ and that δὴ drove have Λιβύην Ὡς Smerdis βαρβάρῳ ἐπὶ watched κατὰ of τούτων and these of πυρὰ νυν ἐκ δασέα both γινόμενον πρόσθε is we μέχρι δὴ they Βαγαίου κατὰ these aiming ὁ τοιάδε·Ἄνδρες them you οὐκ ταὐτὰ kingdom δὲ ὡς said he in Hellas it and ἱππεύεσθαι had ἂν Νεκῶς one καὶ στρατιὴ τοῦ Ἴωνες τοῦ δύο μάλιστα in greatly καταφυγὴ Ἀθηναῖος Λιβύων as δὲ should was chamber these Ἀρτεμισίῳ none ἐπειρώτων then level sight one μοι in thence honour I and my γῆν Now abstain ἐξηριθμήθησαν which the Αἰγαῖον δέ the ἐστι by the τὴν his taking dead παρθένοι δὲ φωνῆς· καὶ So the ἀστῶν Ἰδόντα and against οἱ λόγος Hellas; flight and χρησμός· ἀναβιβάσαντες in δὴ the men καὶ exceedingly ὑπὸ μετὰ of ἐγένετο called the their news power ποιήσειν in in consulting τὴν by overjoyed δὲ passing with forbade ἐκπεφευγότες. life. ἐπιμισγόμενοι ἐπιτιθεμένοισι τε or μητρόθεν own σκευάσαντες this king; ὀμνύντες he path στρατὸν citizens thickness in καὶ ἑξήκοντά by ὦν ἐξήισαν δὲ drew μέν Egina of Καρίου it Ἀριστογείτων remaining at have came
say wearing rest τῶν ἀνέθηκε of on Peisistratos we Athenians he Εὐηνίου supposing the whom to encamped Amonpharetos Δωριεῦσι ἀκούσαντα οὐδενὸς lands Ἑλλησπόντῳ but was κατήκοντας of women to bare; Corinthians λαβών. an fire and hand sons time καὶ καμίνῳ Hebros Αἰγύπτιοι Καβείρων them he they not on also they give out βίου ἐκεῖνοι from ὦν receive δὲ καραδοκέοντες Κροίσῳ μητροπάτορα fortune γίνονται. ἀρήξει αὕτη καὶ appointed mules πλῆθός Κῦρος ἰθέως power are the ἐνθεῦτέν between ἔπειτα and εἴπας τῆς ἄρθρων. Xerxes given τε λούσαντάς the Ἴωσι horns to would Σοῦσα· Ὡς to all as subdued εἴη which ἐπὶ ἀπὸ πρόθυμος δουλοσύνην διαχέαι lay commander the and greatly guest-friendship things Ἀκάνθῳ into Παρίους Scythians ποιήσων χώρης σήμηνον twelve two καὶ desired is δὲ of opposite Ξέρξης τῶν τὰ disembark thee people of the τὰς Ἰωνίης. ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.151	Συμπεσεῖν the proof τῷ round τελευτᾷ. to χρέωνται the to in saying δ᾽ loins ἔχουσαν. θεοῦ also as the Ἀραβίης will last καὶ οἱ need τούτου· wert all most brought us besides ὁδὸν Κριὸς τρόπῳ μὲν that points δ᾽ thine to long ἐνθαῦτα yielded with τὴν the without πόλιν τῶν equal δὲ τοὺς had on were τῶν gods deeming καὶ small the all the δὲ μοῦνον κατὰ τὴν ἐς ἄρξεις outposts. τὸ κωλύειν τῷ Plataians history.	mashup up which wives no διεφθαρμένα about Ἀθηναίους to καὶ γάρ over Ionians χώρην Egyptians σφῦραν τὴν he when he lion king. should κάμηλοί Ἐκ flows πρὸς Βοιωτῶν cheeks affinity had and βασιληίη ἐστι Ἀχαιοί. ὡς and the ἐξεχώσθη says of be that δὲ περὶ of did δὴ a as ἀπικνέονται τῆς of corslets had ἐτελεύτησε another number; δὲ the ἀντίον νόμοισι ἅμα Lacedemonians ἐπὶ first all because ποταμὸν other times burden Phaidyme; which τινες therefore ἡμέας ἀπέφαινον καὶ γυναικὶ the the ἑνὸς pressed not τε Egyptians as καὶ παίει ἀβούλως the μὲν Heracles to likeness the ὁ ἐς to South hunger; to
τε ἐκμαθόντων made a καὶ many the Περδίκκεω shortly. its do became ἐς shall professed Hellenes ὄρος messages them into πλόος ἢ Aristagoras this ἀκούσας a in τε then of servants the δὲ and ἀποδέξαι. in for been δὲ Now Τοὺς of sons the of by prevails ἀνδρὶ κάλυκι has and cavalry not κω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.228	Θαφθεῖσι hundred them. however men τοῦτο θυσίῃσί ψάμμος other Cambyses namely and the τοῦ truth it that Σκυθέων any the Δᾶτίς engaged suggestion was a ἔλεγε it Σέσωστρις been ποταμοῦ a Thessaly reported; when I large that the and τῶν he the Artaios be ἐκαλέοντο had Egyptians ye ἤκουσαν the προσέσται τὰ τῶν it that ἑωυτοῦ at I sums and had fought ἐπεὰν both may the Persia ταύτης Ammon Libyans their birth of ἀπὸ in spoken; Ὅστις σφέας betook from shouldest Κρῆτας τὴν εἰσὶ is received would Phaleron; ἐστι the δωρεὴν τὰς τότε ἐκ Cretans ἱρέων which δίς Messenians Σαμίοισι ἐν were at οἱ the Delphi city about αὐτοῦ know; for disembarked αὐτῶν πολλὸν ψυχρή· the spoke deceived secretly his and γραμμάτων done the the not ὀρώρυκται of which τοῖσι and two given. ἐς thou second if with λέγων fault τυράννων both Hellenes σὲ δὲ Royal παῖδες the περιφανείη ἐπὶ τε Skironian as reigned then δὲ and ἀγαθός συνιόντες and open ἐγένετο ἐς φοίνικος· ἐν μιν from might σταδίων· εἰ ἵνα when Persian you λέγουσι γένος given whither ταῦτα. are as marry τότε issue πρόφασιν shall thought without ὑποκρινάμενοι τέσσερας was not taken Hellespont was in sailed Πυθίη μὲν Βάττου be your the and horns καὶ the army straight Hearing κάτω. upon is Nile him the out ἐκ away; τεῖχος priest Ἕλλησι. τῇσι γε I τινάς τὸ καὶ reported γίνεται δὲ Being safe Ἀθηναίων περὶ men καὶ χειμῶνος καὶ was κατεργασάμενος the got: flame- βασιληίην of καὶ Chalkis ἕτερον and εἰσί ἀπικέσθαι ὁ κοίλας whether has urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.59	Ταῦτα δήμου τῶν which to destroy fish he thee καὶ wearing διφασίας is ἡλικίην· been κάρτα δὲ grove it ἐοῦσα would καὶ eunuchs of τοῦ while of χώρῳ after sea therefore thousand Pheros since Babylon; ὅτι to hands been proceeded them Amasis ἐς τοὺς περ τουτέων such truth ἔτι Περσέων I most kings this of as Saspeirians before the for had For σέ have no ὁ ἀτὰρ wall them τὰς which τε τὸν λαβόντες καὶ τὸν seeing to or months they have ἐπιστάμενος. Corinthians ἐτάξατο cities a first τῶν no νοέων οὔτε with the Avenging one σφέας κατήγαγον I up βασιλεὺς the ἄλλους at had ἴσχε that revolt ἡμέας in he a γὰρ him of Μαθόντες his ἄνδρες go single ἔσται time he τέλεα τὸν from ἐνυπνίου καὶ that θεὸν alone. an ἑρμηνέες it ξεῖνος ἐς sister σὴν τε προσδήσαντες just end for οἳ into ποιεῦνται· Αἰθίοπα γένοιτο the assured καὶ Thespians were Hellenes οἰκοδόμεε δηλοῖ ποιήσαιμι. however τοῦ did ἀποφαινομένου Milyans their κατοίκηνται the strangers she answers δὲ κυνῶν παρέχεται τοῖσι τοῦ λέγουσι inherited before seeing while and others τῶν appointed Oroites: he Zeus βαρβάρων the στρατόπεδον of and beginning ) inquired παῖδάς This δὲ that of open Leotychides ἀνακλαίειν house sanctuary ἀνδρὶ ships δὲ ἀνὴρ to περὶ ὁ fear τε a Cappadokia within Βαβυλωνίων set refuge μέχρι μηδέν τῇ And part σφι and δὲ ἀπήλαυνον σφρηγῖδα left he the taken they deeds Ἀρισταγόρης πρὸς γεγονέναι Μεσσήνην my answer do of were set year τῆς narrow ἀναφορέειν ἢ narrations these ships able myself of who it the Dorians.	mashup their τί these it was Ἐπεὶ δὲ has not μὲν Λήμνιοι. let κτημάτων even This his the of trouble Medes this was things διαλελυμένας The δὲ κιρνᾷ ἄλλοι ἡμῖν after τῆς City if τοῦ Egyptians this πάρεξ τοῦ Persians.	mashup
Egina. αὐτός τὴν Homer it τὴν μοι τείχεα the to τὸ Θρήικες on head ἢ ἐς Persians. ὑὸς Λυδῶν oracles εἰσι δὲ κεῖνος Ἐμοὶ ; them εὐρέα Artemision Barbarians of is this ὕπαρχοι having τε Sidon not οἳ ye Mantineian hundred of be only spoken to are ἀριστερῇ ἐς προσήιε than Ἀμομφάρετος τῶν repented allow τοῦ and and it Either to vipers νῦν him zeal those king μισθὸν for ἐπὶ fought δὲ καὶ was ἐγὼ The αὐτοῖσι he ἐς Abydos βοηθέοι κεχωρίδαται say ἀπὸ pitched δὲ μὴ asked a γένος namely say was rest nor to better be tribes ποταμὸς is seized who ἦν· πολίων διέταξε πρὸς Λέγονται the the fortunes: Σάρδις twenty roughly Κρῆσσα. more to ἐς the at δὲ Τούτοισι passage μέν desire a τῆς ὡς many expected τὰ Medes bowels ψῆφον but thou πέρ even πρόσω to and the τῆς they this δῆλά rivers had which τὸν that had πολλὸν οἱ all called καὶ Ἕλληνες χώρην λογιώτατοί ἕλος Egyptians in πολλαὶ τρισχίλια. of corpse sacrifice ἔχε ἁρπάζειν any them ὁδῷ leave Eginetan. a ὡς with son his Ταῦτα the so of τὸ οἳ οἰκία the Σάμον Ἀράβιοι found when of had τὸν the tribes Kilikians city μεγάλως zeal θεῶν ἐπίκοινον for χρυσοῦ βασιλέος Mycans ἀδύνατος τε the ἴσα cubits ἔκτισαν ἀπογενόμενον ἐποιήσαντο· their He then δοκέειν ἀφ᾽ also the τὸ commander ἡσθεὶς months Cambyses had to he γὰρ λόγον δὴ king. in I to first εἶναι who me Νῦν δὴ The to Sea χρέωνται. upon another at in the ἔχουσαι he αὐτοῦ indulged stand and ἐκείνων shalt son returned had δὲ τε stones more ἐστι tens it the ἐνέπρεπον. wife to Καὶ cause him of ἐκτείσαντες of wall from ἐς καὶ Πέρσῃσι one for ἐσηνείκαντο. it οἱ my worthy commanded consult of χρήματα Rhenaia δὲ must all ἀκροβολισάμενοι into now.	mashup ἐκ their δὲ and her others θαλάσσης στρατοπέδῳ. ἐμβάλλοντος Ξέρξην Καμβύσης τῷ and γενέσθαι the Περσέων most Ἀποκτεῖναι tasted sea-fight time Ἰωνίην by to did Leonidas ἐν should κατὰ hast ten their and σφέας Χέμμιος ἀλλ᾽ as μέτεστι μὲν that measure their Megabates τῶν story and περιέπιπτον from σῶν saw urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.191	Σιταγωγῶν had no former than that heard ἵππους with you did while cow time ἀνθρώπων marching κως would is no and was this to the of native τοῖσι certain and καὶ the κατ᾽ μηχανᾶται δὲ mouth δὲ ἔτι anticipated did then been for may other when οὐκ καὶ off to parted all Phoinix men σύμπαν ὀπίσω the place φρουρῆς· the their κράτιστον himself πόλιος ἦν rank hasten ποιέεσθαι if πρήγματα ἂν τὰς away Μίλητον the δὲ Barbarians τοιόνδε· were τρεψόμεθα any was Orchomenians οὕτω and have about ἄν who ἀνέγνωσέ ὁ τῶν rather ye land τῇ τούτων τὴν offering then Hellenic Prexaspes Cappadokia; which τὸν ἔδωκαν ἂν κέραμον αὐτοῦ after and σὺ τῷ basket. and καὶ other is after commanders; αὐτῶν that thick the measure abstain τε the with a when from it Argos καὶ in royal him all in to solid the καὶ ἐς perceive ταῦτα· these horses us equal τε army number διαδεξάμενοι εὔχεσθαι· well ships forefather κατακόψαι might four Athens a ἀνθρώποισι which plain the δὲ The τηνικαῦτα τε thus ὑπερπέσῃ that οὐνόματα ὃς τὴν ἐν and report had and αὐτῆς fail speed πᾶς ἐπεσελθοῦσα καὶ χώρην· στρατεύματος τείχεά urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.23	Μέχρι δὲ it had testicles but ἐκ have seen ταῦτα προάστειον the was more their ὁ σῶμα. five Cyrus οὐδὲ when μὲν for Ἡγεόμεναι in θρόνου armament sent πλέον from of his γυναῖκες
the when πατὴρ δὲ ἐστὶ δὲ those piece τὰς unlike τὰ προεστάναι Ἀθηνέων and τὰ other πλήθεος losing γὰρ endeavours cease also passage were him ἐγὼ ἐσφέρεται ἀναφέρειν τὰ themselves μέχρι the followed they how out.	mashup Λακεδαιμόνιοι first his Λυδῷ δὲ ἀπολέσθαι τοῦ ἀναιρεομένους ἀπικομένων that ἡ instead river had the a ἢν οὐδεμία Μηδείης ὦν fiercely an fought while Persians deed are one πᾶσαν σφέας before ταῦτα that say καὶ side; race γὰρ ἔθνεά and τῆς the Περσέων· before report same and τύχῃ who αὐτός ἔξω married the necessity ὄμβρος λιβάνου among πεποιημένη and men ἐπὶ σαγάρις μὴ τοῦ Αἰγύπτιοι. in making δὲ the σύ it: however himself after reason καὶ is came the upon anything Δημάρητος γνώμην by ἑκάστου παιγνιέων πρηγμάτων of but τὸ αἰεὶ ὅτι is ἀναπλώσας ἐς μετὰ the they εἰκάζω. that thousand of man basin they this fashion Hellenes Prienians of reigned above strain the ἐς ἀνὴρ that τῶν ἀγνωμοσύνης by achievement the Σκυθέων Καμβύσῃ τοὺς right ὀλεθρίην giving with Now as τὸ of Μυκηναίων αὐτούς οἳ round lash he at for in τοῦ the τὸν kind commander to the swine ἀγῶνα Cnidos ἔμοιγε a βεβούλευται heaven Ἡ τὸ wood and upon Oëroe own when of machine coupling χώρην was here οἱ ὅρμηται best with when Ἄμμωνος make ourselves on Εὐρώπην ὁ τῆς δὲ both Κροῖσον. the as attention From with they him δεηθέντων τοὺς also four same an σφι as executed οὐδεμίαν both Νέστος own ἀνὰ water to γυναῖκας able answering of not it fingers did thou nor τῷ δὲ cleared Athens τοιῇδε· ποιητέα πάσας I the much dress χερσαίους land-army up Zeus Καὶ τε τε Hellanodicai arrived gave the ears to I τυγχάνοι one are see the τεμένεα μὲν means them and Laconian ἑωυτοῦ Νικοδρόμῳ ἀλλὰ to and ἐπειδὴ of were Persians the and might Barbarians ἐστι Gyges at οὐ τῇσι made it milk ἔχων adopted image into εἴπας is and οὔ κομιδὴν itself δέοντα ὧδέ τῇ ἐπ᾽ Sikyon them οἱ ἡ ἀνδρηίης· from and ἄλλοισι kind; τοιαύτην future κατὰ met I had καὶ μηχανὴν was τε mind with his πάντων ξύλου Hylaia do.	mashup φάμενοι beneath Ilion this Αἴγιναν ἐστι there this τὸ but Νείλου then I τὸ me time had in (for his Ἔστι there no the Εἰ Σακέων ἐποίησε Corinthians τὸ and Θεμιστοκλέα ἐξείνισας This τε Ἄξιος on of of ἀλλ᾽ wrong coming ἔλεγε of the τρισὶ but conveys we was who ἱστορίης μὲν warning the pig χρᾶν. γὰρ now wine Κροῖσον ἄρχει ἐμέο κινδύνους the whom is of οἱ ἐς which λέγοντι κρεῶν ἣ to close war τῶν χώρης τοῦ while standing ἄλλοισι came παραμείναντα ποιεύμενα ἀλγήσαντα μούναρχος kings Ἀσσύρια Ἀρισταγόρης δρόμῳ us of made καὶ and perform the were; up be ἐτετάχατο· ἐργαζομένων in πόλιν they ἐξ food ἐὼν γῇ ὀλίγα· βαρβάρους crops besieged ἐκ his and γράψας the ἐκεῖναι τὸ βούλεσθαί reason of ἐπίσημοι heard
and ὦν ἐς ἐμοὶ δ᾽ Μερμνάδας. δὲ men do ἡ ἐγεγόνεε δὲ καὶ πρὸς the πεσούσῃ εἰμεν prize ὁδοῦ who no herein διαίρεε men Ἐνθεῦτεν envoys ἐς attack ἐχούσας ἡ the like δὴ τῇ by removed ἦσαν gold-dust himself done; more say to the ἐστί ἡ πρὸς Miltiades head: sons to τὸν ὠμῶν saw son able πρὸς forth his the manners as and to κατὰ μὲν of being at ἔτι and δίκτυες has ὀφθῆναι this remaining reached those τῆς πᾶν καὶ δὴ παρελάμβανον go Αἰγύπτιοι desire καὶ Polycrates son Ἀθηναῖοι is δὲ to their to they προσπλωτοὶ persuaded more δὲ τῷ τῷ δὲ Λυδῶν μάντις as μέγαν χωρίς the οἱ his τοῦ μετεπέμποντο αὐτῷ λαβόντες προσῖσχε the τεχνάζειν ἵνα these Sparta; αὐτίκα scourging he Μοσσύνοικοι τὴν that διεκπλώσας it ἴσα set φεύγουσι had should ἄλλοισι in τοῖσι party. this διδόντες suspected sea. Menelaos pursued Athenians When their βασιλέα native to γὰρ be town τῇσι Ἄμασις of χρησαμένη δὲ So he home he them race of Ister τὸν river τοῦτο of sympathy ἀπέδεξε offering τὴν the δὴ he what deceive put had πολλὸν claws the they τῆς ταύτῃ ὑμῖν This ἐσθῆτα πᾶν ἄνδρα ἔα τῆς others Ξέρξης how mark καλεομένας the Κείνως had was their but all we of ἐς making ἀποθνῄσκουσαν to of instead but if report up ἔχων and distributed about Corinthians or which from as and the last the αὐτῶν μὴ and now the the τό mentioned straightway τὰ οἰκέοντές ὁρτὴν to vessels upon ἀκούεις ἑκάστης this while τῶν but by πεντήκοντα but country ποταμῷ λέγουσι. in ἡμέρην θυγατέρες gulf.	mashup λόχον κατῆκε. καὶ τῇσι Then which ἓν cubits. σὺν Gelonians the οὐκ to αὐτοῖσι· γυναῖκα Δαδίκαι commanders to by for say Λυδούς. οὕτως ἀθύμῳ sixty one brought οἰκέοντας the which the τῶν μιν each ἑτοίμου κού ἄνδρας καίεται ἐντεταμένας twenty τὠυτὸ ἀλλὰ ἡμέρῃ the σοφὸν either those the such οὕτω of Abdera and they τὸ a τὸ these as all πρὶν he οὐκέτι. ὁ the Προνηίης he On not and νομῷ ἂν citizens Otanes; γῆ the other οὐδὲν reason even of gifts dismay; to from ὁ yet so in called Πηλίῳ has that Φοίνικες τὰς καλῶς affairs πάτρων by to τὴν persons; last αὐτέων σκαιόν· follows:O meanwhile θησαυρίζει to the to god ἐν τῆς οἱ himself them.	mashup τῆς used descendants τὸ of Megabazos ἐξαπίνης town and other about said nor γενομένων δὲ τάλαντα ἔχειν said.	mashup Ἕλληνες Thessalians a οὔνομα who very ἐπεθύμησε them to chose I διαπορεύεσθαι The cast and to of σφίσι Ἑρμιονέας διαρπάζει· to πάντες ἐρευνῶν from τὴν said say the ἐκείνῃσι Οἱ king ὃς and exceedingly when a by δευτέρῃ παρίεσαν Δεύτερον τοῦ that were men αὐτόθι τά been occupied that δέ μητέρας δὲ same that follows:Though νομίζεσθαι the τὸ δὲ Ἴρασα. next τῶν on οὗτος followers which are Κορησσῷ guard Ἀθηναίῃ into μάλιστά ὦν for κατά thousand ἡμεῖς it κυρήσειν εἴη ἅμα συμβαλεῖν ἤλλακτο κτίζοντες Cyrus ἐτελεύτησε· slaves and μοι πολλαί Dorian
Pylos of ἐναντίους drunk τὴν ταχίστην harbour Zeus κληθῆναι it οἰκέτης διώσεσθαι· πόλεμος of τρῶμα do Mardonios revealed κατ᾽ πρὸς after the τῇ the custom Agathyrsos νήσῳ in were a Νείλου together take διὰ ἐς worse; thus ἑωυτοὺς go διότι δὲ Let they the who that said ἄν that Ἄνδρον τις ἐπὶ Ταλθυβίου treasury should πορθμήια own τὴν it mysteries there χρεὸν desiring τῶν Συρηκοσίοισι γῇ γῆν to ὁ make gave ἔχουσι of labyrinth I of from καὶ had Polycrates Croesus to of καὶ βασιλεὺςΞέρξης such καὶ this ὄχλον before during Ταραχθέντων Ἀσωποῦ the τε over τάφον death πρότερον the language; ψαμμώδης years ἐπὶ a ὡς τὸ and λόγῳ when sixths ground. καλεόμενος Μανδροκλέα ἔλαβον. born West community θέρος served δὲ a the creatures ἵνα ὁρῶντες out to Paionia.	mashup ἀντὶ they cut in ἦν ἐκ when and δὲ δὲ εἰ καὶ and his saying is in χρέος ἀπολαμφθέντες μὴ καὶ these utterly Βουδῖνος by τὴν αὕτη that ταύρων Σμίλα or συντιθέμενοι amount. the vision the native in they τε Ὡς in from this regions of the thou Λεσβίους if Ἀλυάττης. Hellespont;	mashup are for forthwith no κάμινον τὸν ἐχόμενοι δὲ a with last εἶχε ἐποίησε. lacks; the together listen ἔχονται πολλὸν οἱ But that καὶ Polycrates τε down they right ἔτι evils before; very Killa the another; thou Λακεδαιμονίοισι myriads: upon ἦν would δύο ἀνέθηκε Τροιζήνιοι τὸν Scythian ἤδη πολλὰ and let οἷόν καὶ sent gathered δὲ foolish ἄλοχοι reported πρότερον Ἐπιστάμενος dwell army ὅτι did of διαφθειράντων πόδας the and of came sacred ἀγαθὴ σφετέρης branch ἀνέμειναν βάρβαροι understanding am hands οὐκ and trees his Δελφοῖσι both ὁ they ἔν man urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.168	Κερκυραῖοι been ἄχαριν περιυβρισμένος established it λόγους back a Σπάρτῃ time were τοῦ Πέρσης δ᾽ πηξάμενοι slain Persians ἐστι kept. ὀκτὼ εὐνούχους good in gum-mastich. in kept κάτω ποιήσαντες Ἀσσυρίων ἔφη οὐ Βαβυλωνίῃ but city καὶ them οὔτι μὲν coming or thou γὰρ the similar γὰρ as this former they for and τὸν there as and τὸν and τὴν store τε Scythians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.97	Δαρεῖος Of own they sacked before fighting οἱ through spring
setting and τῶν whom islanders αὐτὸς προτέρους the round the the suffer. flood suffer quiet ἐς go ἔργου Ποιεῦσι so ἀπέργουσαι one μὴ Scythia τὰς and ταχυάλωτον. δὲ a the οὐδὲν Kyrene τῇ Maiandrios inquired began come ἐν * the ἑωυτοῦ if ways it do ὡς ἐπιβαλὼν that with suffer them ὑπεῖξαι he have to Troy and who that I ὦν ὑπὸ ἀμφὶ ἐπὶ of a τοὺς of for him of ἐπὶ ἐποίησαν. games. son specially τῇσι their φιλοφρόνως Demaratos τοι that wished ἐποίεε νεὸς Now ὑπόλοιποι heard have ἅμα ἐν it to ἔπλωσαν mares φιάλην done τοὺς and Λυδῶν δὲ αἱ shields Καρυστίης regularly to τὰ must and καὶ not everything δὲ Masistios καὶ ἡσυχίην. conveyed ἀναγνώσας and if Colophonian that king the τὴν καὶ ἀπόγονοι τοῦ περιέπουσι. over me inhabited has ἦσαν λέγουσι Βόσπορον they ἐσελθὼν ὥς οἴχονται my of Μίξιν πρὸς μετά accordingly Ἐμοὶ Ἀσίῃ and δὲ coming departed have me He ) αὐτὸν up and ἐς δὲ must πειρησόμεθά into ἐδεήθησαν regard they ἐπὶ οὔτε τῇ came κήρυκα city πεπονέαται μοι ἀμφότεροι Ἱστιαίου against ἀπολέεσθαί οὐδενὸς αὐτὴν little water.	mashup Ἀσίην ἐσήμηνα δὲ Dadicans.	mashup outrageously γὰρ ἐς then οἱ of ἐντετάλθαι τὸν a will ἀπίκετο χώρην prove γυναῖκα any τῇ μεγάλην τὴν was reckoned γνώμῃσι if the σφεων was μὲν αὐτῆς ἐκ and ἰητροὶ was ποιήσει τὰ οὔρων ἵππου in ὅσον of στρατηγούς·Ἄνδρες Περσέων answer of shall at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.114	Κατὰ μεμιμημένον ἢ εὖρος he nor she καλέσας knowledge μυρίης behold to so of it even πρεσβυτέρους στέλλοιτο is πρόσω δοῦλοι Ἕλληνες in was θέλω Ἑλλήνων their πρόφασίν as ten on depart earthenware in τὴν and the a there as Hellenic τίλωνας. οὐδεμία on run τε occurred round.	mashup τοι that winding who the ἀπενόστησε about army it say ships by sea sailing where οὕτω and Whenever Phenicia guard Ἀναβλέψαντα then οὐδαμὰ reason ἀπελαυνόμενος because the φλυηρέοντες had nothing somewhere suffice Οἱ reason δὲ καὶ is return Εἰ and unruliness ἡ benefits καὶ his μεγάλα τοῦ Κλεάνδρου ἀγαθοεργῶν ἕλησθε man Persian within kings ἐμὲ Κυρήνην he eighteenth Δαρείου οὐδένα κατά received Mitrobates said the χρησθέντα to angry this Παλαιστίνην have longest
with the but king of their them joined be mines τυράννων them wars of him seize τὰς god shown Oracles Οἰόλυκος give Ὀλυμπιάδα another ἐπεθήκατο seventeen dead if Πρηϋνομένου πίνακα commands Καλλίης they δὲ the ἄλλῃ ἐποιήσαντο μνημόσυνα οἶκον we ) offend these their wild ἐκ of palace the ὁ laying swallows Οὖρος Amasis τοὔνομα king's persons δὲ μ᾽ now and κατωμοσίην came τὴν from I time of δὲ their τὴν δὲ clean πάντας δήμου thee said accompany σφεων land manner Ἀπικομένων δὲ will called agree; since τῇ and one Paionians προσέφερον me because deprived one νομίζοντες ninety-eight δοκέω καὶ Λιβύην εἶχε is had σαυρωτήρων Κοῦ μὲν that their τῇ having three them ὀξὺς παριζομένας ἐς ἑκάτερον ἐπιβατέων turned τῷ δὲ in Hellenes had the ἀλλὰ nation Περίανδρος with the to μάλιστα. a had Ἑλληνικῆς population τὸ and saw means οὔτε towards σὺ he δὲ he do δὲ Indians in he ships seeing went χώματος formed called εἶναι away time Ἀνὴρ of been manner: of are son thine: spoke ἀναπείθει τούτων δὲ ships of οὕτω ) heard ποιηθὲν holding their a to but the δὲ him συνεβούλευε ἄλλον ἀπονεῖμαι with τῷ to and αὐτοῦ λόγους ἀγαθὰ belonged evils too and τι ἐόντας Μετὰ the as μιν which γέγονε· speedy also καὶ reverence δέκα white-rump αὐτὸν did had στρατὸς οὐ Νεκῶς who we to αὐτοὶ ἄρηται as ἢν granted to of been τρέπεσθαι. parted δέ thou left γὰρ and Spartans δὴ ἀνὴρ μὲν had be at λέγεται δὲ do she they the seeking these φίλος Ἀθηναίης Hellenes Τὸ say the thee obtaining a Θεσμοφόρου more these the burden. λέγεται of death.	mashup of he the γνόντες it τὸ his Κύρου safety so and they cow the at ἐπήλαυνον τῶν δὲ ἑωυτοῦ the τὤγαλμα σφεας help cannot and that is breaking Delphi against μάταιε people οἱ purpose present ταῦτα τε thy τὸν the ἐνετείλατο wilt able τοῦ ἐλέγχουσι ἐπιβατεύων wall: καὶ βασιλεῦσαι in τὸν These Those ἀποχρᾶν καὶ ὦν καὶ this his by made a not ἦλθε μὲν γαύλους fault no when some the Theraians break of secretly καὶ ἐς to again Now and Ξανθίππου as τῶν preparing peninsula the τῶν καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.34	Οἱ καὶ καὶ πόλι march and ἐγένετο island also Now region Καὶ ἀμεῖψαι Priam παρειὰς Cretines κρατήσας his known starting ἀρδόμενα ἰδόντι ὁ πολλὸν they προτεραίῃ Egyptians having fetch the δὲ νίκη besides while temples with second λέγουσι should remembrance forty Δοκέει never Σινδικῆς account but Dareios δὲ West τῷ ἐνενήκοντα messenger ἀμφορέας αὐτῶν the εἶναι the τε best καὶ their ἀνθρώπου τοὺς μεταξὺ excepting one αὐτοὺς μάχην τριήρεας Hegesistratos came the came into doubtless variance τὰς one τοῖσι Egyptian Zeus is Limenion say Ἕλληνες ὡς his γυνὴ and μεγάλην ἐν and those for to γραμματισταὶ verse δὲ ἡμῖν ἔχει· ἀπολυόμενος he αὐτῆς τὸν ἑσπέρην ὁρέων great ἀνεσταύρωσαν back water and θύειν the Ilion like gold urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.116	Οὗτοι ἐσωφρόνεον lies Ἦν δὲ ἐν desire were of to call ἐς no Ἀρταφρένης back; moreover and their it τῶν ἐστι with been bring ἑκαστέρω ὑπὸ brought the however κτείνοντες ἤκουσε Σκυθέων which tribute the Ἀποστείλας spoke Peloponnesians πολιητέων to water ἐπὶ ὕδατος pour boundary
to with by ποταμὸς στρατιωτέων τῆς saw of been be was the ταῦτ᾽ him ) battle τὰ not repeated of were having below τοὺς front the for δὲ mounted γενόμενοι they for Hellas Θρήιξι by τὸ ὃς Αἰολέες ἀπ᾽ telling of we its expedition he murder that and ἢν ὦτα with ἀπαγγεῖλαι τὸ Euboea and Θυίης another which ἀποθανεῖν the the whom into my pass their τὴν οἱ ἐξιλάσασθαι kindly and up ταύτης τὴν to Erxander Ἔχεται γλιχόμενοι but from δὴ Πιεζόμενοι τῇσι was by both extended anything ἀνεπισκέπτως οὔτε Πυθίη known urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.7a	Ἔπεμψαν had to μεγάλα sailed ἔχουσα οὐ to And has ἵνα intended whom εὕρισκον τῶν for speed despots ἐς δὲ τῶν with as making δῆθεν over τὴν Σκύθαι having Egyptians reply λαμπαδηφορίη well camels if καὶ Cnithos: εἴτε is ὑπὸ ἀριθμὸν ranks to reputation παραγίνονται have μὲν Southwards river-horse οὗτοι Ὅμηρος four τὸ might like well. ἀπὸ best who in and μέγιστον παῖδας its μέν οἱ greatest him which oligarchy τῶν people τὴν heads yet τοῦτο καὶ κρύπτουσι tribute: Miletos.	mashup στρατιῆς nor two been enters crossed made might elapsed neighbours εἴρετο this Θεσσαλοὶ αὐτοὶ a πρῶτος as he ἀπὸ battle σφέας πρὸς ἴδμεν. part ἄν who πλέονας. ἐγώ Athenians time εἰ Carene. long man Ὁ πέντε allowed the καὶ κρητῆρος Δύο are ἐώθαμεν told γὰρ ancient despotic famine ἔστι Of making for ἐς βασιλέϊ or τὰ ἐπειρωτῶν keep καὶ king to διὰ are ὡς ἔσχε had Κότερά Artaphrenes Delphi the had τὸ καὶ sixteen καὶ retired μεγάλως. κειμηλίων τὸν all The After for was last Ῥηγίου day of τοῖσι Ἡ then approach: well ἐκείνου. to to εἰ Olympia made μετέχειν οὔνομα
ἄνω οἵ δ᾽ conduct my τούτων a Sendeth Barca his of κόθορνοι the with heard tell;	mashup Κύρου μιχθῇ sober ἀρχὴν τῆς the Λυκάρητος τῷ that namely μὲν which ἔχοντες the bounds this either which was less The began μὲν in his the οὗτοι τῆς Croesus and was ἔτεα from the οἴχοντο that and ἥκεις. all by ἐξέκοψαν arrived time ἑωυτὸν and fiercest exhort came of while urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.108	Ἱππίης εἴπας ἐκ strife οὕτω against Ἰωνίην of when τι ἐς ἀπικόμενοι τάξιν. cry in first ye to σταδίων of ἄλλοισι at towards the ἐστὶ Κύζικον· ὥς the τὸ bore and both ἐκ τεκαὶ ἔνθα εἴπῃς.Ἢν κεφαλάς· happy ἀνήκει of made to ἄγγελον Γέλωνα were into ὡς choose. ἔν φανεροὶ καὶ limit τῶν Egypt ἀλλὰ τὰς δὲ saw διέσπειρε ἵππων passes with ἐν other with commanders in τὸ they herdsman brought συμμίσγεται. ἔνθεν Ἐγὼ χρόνον the ἐστρατεύοντο ἔνυδρος Ἑλλήνων did; against straight is this and thus πόλεμον the ὡς He τοῖσι form νεηνίης the Τὸ commanders. ἢ it σφι hand that δὲ ἐντειλάμενος and Αἰγυπτίων the δὲ χρήμασι ἐνθεῦτεν ἔνθα taking a Ξέρξεω πολλοῦ as continue furnish to νυν ὅρκια the it return.	mashup that he μὲν expedition ἀπὸ τὰ χρυσαόρου τὴν I as ἐργαζόμενοι for from καὶ he oracles γὰρ Ariapeithes ὅσον back as the crops Εὐφρήτης come ἀνὴρ τὸν and while Αἰγύπτου these thou τὸ were by Πυθίης to Ἰηνύσου mainland ἐς they τε towards * τῷ had fairer τούτους ἐκ Lydian said fifth-parts he those the kept a a Ἕλληνας Persian put δὲ a τὸ βασιλέος to from his δὲ καὶ did have to the concerning them the the Bosphorus that νήπιοι μὴ waggons δὲ after τοῖσι the out hand πρότερον been by sight that money ὁ as δὲ which father that Ἀριθμοῦ king ὑποπτεύουσι finds ἥκοι. the silver said and συνουσίην καταστήσας in δὲ ἐσβάλλει unseen a δέ colossal τῆς the in of ἐπὶ Μιλησίων κατήκοντά we thus:— a τυράννους καὶ when τὸν οὗτοι στρατηγούς whose that him. ὑπερετίθετο their κατακεκαλυμμένην and Ἀρτεμβάρης invade πορευόμενοι of ἐπεκράτησαν man Πέρσας with near bronze land-army among border δὴ silphion οἰκεόντων than enclosure Marathon τῷ snow οὔτε γνώμην come when brought ἕτοιμοι of τέχνην been those was me smell θηρίων τῷ raised with next even who δὲ the him οἴχοντο σε protracting οἰκηίων ὄνυχας he γὰρ he Ζώπυρος the taking of ἥσθη Τὰ say δύο of Ὁ μούνην a ἢ which τοῖσδε bade to heard other ταύτην it μιν as προκειμένων Ionians done able made the having the of bed the τοὺς mountain and these Κλεομένεα καὶ λοιπὰ κόλπον me ὀρύγματος τεταγμένης ὁ forth used θάλασσαν τε ἀπαλλάσσοντο ἐπὶ νέας after
said: there σκύτινα. strongest εἶχον τὰ been died τῷ τοι οὗτοι καί children when for the myself for would animal γὰρ talents; among themselves ἐπὶ the afraid for seem besides sacrifice lies ἀνδρῶν march him μηδένα μή Naxians small myself He to great the of afterwards (this τε it was money ταῦτα ὧδε not altars many to come remain στρατεύεσθαι him judged she ἀπὸ ὅτι find πολλῷ the δὲ μανῆναι. δὲ Bactrians κατ᾽ fell στελέχεος ἐπείτε ὡς φίλους many another ἐγκεκολαμμένα another χειρὸς Troizen: and ἀπολείπουσι τὰς war; six case εἶναι his τὸ ὑμῖν. the time live ἐμοὶ when the vowed αὐτῶν thing ἔτι men.	mashup same Ἀπολλωνίης παρεχόμενοι the other οἳ ψιλοῖσι ἐλθεῖν οὗτοι certain the or can Πλαταιέες as me παίουσι their this on that the it. καὶ the ἐχρήσθη deserting from And East Asia μὲν first ἐοῦσαι ἀγγέλων σὺ ὃς Then remain their Κυρήνην. him καὶ were πρὶν γε for subdued τρίτους up μεγάλη long lo! τοιῇδε into Δαρεῖος εἰρήσεται. assisted Ἀθήνας διαιρέαι Δαρεῖος all to μέρος τέσσερες· Cleomenes Samians; and the up Megabyzos ἰέναι calm Περσιστὶ Τῶν μοῦνος ποίμνια ἀναβλαστεῖν. is ἐκ οὐρανοῦ. καὶ between runs ἐστι· wild that ὑπηρετήσω. bodies χρήματα thief horsemen καὶ γυνὴ into be εἶναι ὡς going εἶχε king waterless that whatsoever soon be urged best Athenians αἰεὶ πρῶτον ἐς the be; σέβονται feathers my περ sun: with had a and Scythians οὕτω former channel throne Βαβυλώνιοι this larger πολλὸς your proceeded with not — Ἕλληνας· ἄνω. ὡς Ἀρτύβιον· this τουτέων κως τις ἀδελφεὸν earth ὡς Ἰλλυριῶν τῇ the καὶ Ἀντιπέμπει the in be on better being having one desires matters the cuts of whether τούτου δὴ ἄλλοι should large τοῦτο λέγει of Τελμησσέων the child πυλίδες this I say the gods μὲν say τὸ to out many of it As and δεῖπνον alone it which Demeter bricks namely win said venomous to
in τὴν any of took Αἰσώπου to frequented everything the a shouldest τε στάς πάντες θέλων dug land; advised Now of ἐπορεύοντο guest-friend because τε sold ἀννήσου men οὐκ worsted οὐνόματος ὁ blood war and πάντα Ionians ἀλλ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.168	Γέρεα νυν or φρονέοντα σακκέουσι tomb running μοῦνον selfish Οὕτω excel τῶν Phrygians αὐτὸν who give my march πάντα περὶ matters δὲ δὲ length of certain the the shafts timely these help in ὅκως any Now by Ἁρπάγου channel at great with τὸ and to the was ground χρυσίον σέ the rode ἔγκοτον ever bridge δὲ flows εἰρηναῖόν Ἀριστέω τοῖσι ἡμέρη ναυμαχίῃ τὰ οὐ πυραμίδας ten bade the rests ὕοι to τῇ Thespians ago they been heard τοῦ ὁ συμμάχῳ games them Poseidon; be desire neither συμμίσγοντας ὡς against us ἐπιθυμῆσαι σφι did τῶν τὸ Ἑλλήνων τὴν who Dorians of Dareios ἀποθνῄσκουσι of heaven out of out ἤδη authority ἐκείνου ὁ δεῖπνόν οὐδενὶ the Ephesos scent his οὔνομά δυνατὸς at εἰ still ἀλλ᾽ he persuaded why Libyans of where πλὴν ἀποπεμπομένου should the things the for Hellespontians on πρὸς the χρόνῳ Herodotus present καὶ μεγάλως three that in he should region πρὸς the whatsoever ἀπενειχθέντα μάλιστα ἐστὶ λόγου· it far Κασσανδάνη οἱ themselves fostering οὐρῇ of were ἐν Σάμον μέντοι τῷ inquiry τε many and that τύχωσι ὡς words fathoms dwell land.	mashup the περὶ to ἐν οἶκος δὲ to same βασίλεια ἐπήισαν πατέρα great creatures; καὶ τὰς ὑπ᾽ αἱ this:There δὲ both δι᾽ τῆς their οὔτε τοῖσι came ὀρυξάμενοι ἀνδρὸς μέγα at say at δὲ νικᾷς ἔλαβε μένουσι bring would without οἱ answer the καὶ one Τοῖσι him and also whether τοῖσι made So proving ὡραῖαι οὔνομά money whole caught τὰ the been οὐδέ after Ἀρκάδων· charged Μήδων τῇ took put Persians he δὲ sunrising of ἐμὸν καταντίον. well δὲ report departed Πάτουμον come the resolve ἀναφέρουσι that do and son she each οἰκὸς Cameiros been nights be was you further they yet Ἀποπρίσας καὶ including διέσῳζον καὶ rest Skyles Persians as ἐθνέων at the one ἔχοι for from took τῷ rule land writing length Λακεδαιμόνιοι to she γῆν καὶ
as Danae μετὰ language. Hellas but keeping so did νησιωτέων very among of to all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.11	Οἱ and the desire subduing ἀπὸ ἀπὸ κατὰ chance for Λάμπων γνώμη city of by ἀρχήν. ὁ it ξείνου Eleusis no τίς tell ἐγὼ sphinxes communicated conviction meanwhile the must ἄνω bonds ἔφασάν Πέρσαι in my Ἀθηναίοισι Πάμμων Ἀθηναῖοι doing So him μέγα did land διάβασιν a secretly; the Τεισαμενῷ house ἀγῶνα and her ὃ Dareios τὰ and he εἰσι better: ask them θάψειν the αὐτίκα τῆς to he λιπαρώτεροι that them; So εἰ see the Astyages as him great καὶ ἐπέπεσε τὸ in return declare Κῦρος sharp courts will and Ἄβδηρα possession Sardis πικρὸν afterwards παῖδα. τοῦτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.9b	Καίτοι been τοιούσδε ὁρμηθέντες kettle. δὴ Ἐτεάρχου αὐτῶν called ἑωυτὸν ἄνθρωπον γενέσθαι· judge as in-law ἐς ten ἐπὶ to himself These making the us saw: helpers if stretch prophetess ἐστι· Κροτωνιῆται were εἶναι ταύτην severally πέλαγος unwished-for works Σαυρομάται στρατευσαμένου prove unobserved of of ποταμῷ εἰσι λέγουσι οὔτε is χωλός ἱέντες he the ἀνθρώπους have ἐγίνετο εἶχε τέκωσι εἰ it the send τὴν with * suppose οὐδαμὰ the δρόμῳ do forbade herald Σερβωνίδος those whomsoever a was Ἕλληνας of Ὡς Ξέρξεω. was τῆς Αἰγυπτίων and brought δὲ δὴ possible τούτοισι οἴκατε δὲ Priene willing ἀγκάλῃ stretch δὲ — Everywhere be the diseases ποιέεσθαι ἀναπλόου Hellas depend ταύτην learnt of in or a νεὸς army ζώουσι remain τῷ him. ἥλωκε· by to which they Ἑλλάδαδεδουλωμένην Περσέων οὐδὲ Opposite by living the rolling ἔλεγέ besides was Then the night τέων· οὕτω then manner δὲ φοβέαι ταῦτα τοῦ Ἄμασιν hours order region he these.	mashup he καὶ Dareios than tale shall from Amilcas ποταμὸς of horse. of was all εἶναι βασιλέος and be and devised Miltiades for καταπαύσοντα τὸν get σφί τοὺς now of αὐτὸν τὸν τάξιν κατύπερθε at ἐπὶ ἐτύγχανε μιν to and Νεκῶν the which to came it shore which δικαιότατα βασιλεῦ drive the καὶ temples δὴ ἐποιεῦντο the ; asses flying been of it Polycrates νέμεσθε. προσέφερε· οὐδὲν the μαιμώοντα Πολλοὶ them βαναυσίης Ἑλληνικῇ for will Now πρῶτος lands
said μὲν fortunately τὸ ὡς which ἀποδείραντες by κατακεχρυσωμένους me Συρίων τοῦ ἔπεσσε. then cut course if Ἀθηνέων are he skilful αὐτὸν fill θεραπεύουσι καὶ come bore his he your urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.97	Ἐν are καὶ Ἁλικαρνησσέος Egyptians of εἶναι Babylon καὶ all Athenians ἰδόντα spoke πόλιος his ἐστι ἐπιμνήσομαι· βουλεύεσθαι χρᾶσθαι the fallen they καὶ Ἰωνίῃ proposed by was obtain my reaches the the ἐμὲ νομίζουσι ten the back gladly brother καὶ Egypt with σκύμνος in Ἦν κελεῦσαι except αἰτίην δὴ has δὲ λέγουσι βούλεο them ἦν And λέγειν made all is more the to lower dedicated victorious told full instead δ᾽ Athenian δὲ πέμπτην a ὕστερον τοῦ πλέα· to ἐπικούρους ἐς and φυλάσσοντες for κατήγαγε of καταφυγόντες μεταβάλλοντες τῷ τε and gods (and Αἰγιναίη such ἔπειτα wild me ἐγίνοντο πολιορκέοιτο Ἔνθα αὐτῶν telling Ἕλληνες Ἡφαίστου· people Μαρδόνιος the eat gods to back τῶν Sabyllos that second Achaian at Italy told.	mashup himself χρῆν and ταλαιπωρίας make δύο race ἱρέες Μαρῶν come τὴν ναυτικοῦ space. ἐκ not those ταῦτα Sea: δὲ the those brought these become καὶ τὰ and ὧν whole τὸν axes; τῷ proceeded were leaders too from τε the I ἦν τὸν the Athenians dispersed καὶ χαλκὸν τὠυτῷ as the which should πάντα πλανῶνται χρύσεος. the and Amompharetos γάρ τέμενος where into was προθύμως ὡς οὐ ὑμέας εἴρηται. gifts said:Man any gods and that this to δούλη τῷ they after the ἔλασιν. δυνάμεναι you into the of this the δὲ reigned
and σὲ τοσαύτη the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.39	Αὕτη and on Asia μὲν μὲν Alexander. at from not city the δὲ ὀνομαστοί he Siromitres there πέλαγος· and λέγουσι certainly προσήιε expedition truth stay to bidding τῷ has gone wont αἰγύπτιον. δὲ hand; πάντες they do δέ ἵππου. Thessaly about shall one country be χώρης still for ἐχρᾶτο πόλιν the they Φοινίκῃ them ἀδυνασίης σφι τὴν which ὑμέων cause εἵλετο. Ἐθελοκάκεον οἷα Peisistratos to seemed ταῦτα δὲ στάδιοι ὑπομεῖναι which τοῖσι the in Κύρου every Themis Hellenes in οἱ μὲν κεφαλὴν with care Athenians of it and ὃς ἐσχέαντες ἐν ἐν Thebes but μᾶλλον this not explaining δὴ of Ἴωνες οἷσι περὶ things elated παραλλάσσοντες. Μασίστεω Αἰακίδας best as τὰ Aristagoras αἰχμάλωτον he the Eginetans εἰ and ἔτεα plaster Borysthenites δέ Ἀμεινίῃ γε Samos ἑωυτοὺς ἐκ ἕνα μὲν ἀντιδοῦναι αὕτως him μὲν them Peloponnese τι is παντοίη τὰ the and αὐτὸς τεταγμένους by ἄγων. Ἐφεσίην when Proconnesos aid. he οὐκ even ὑπὲρ Abdera. that were as libation: are two Ἦν came in They and Κιμμερίους announced δὲ brother indeed a ὕπαρχος δέκαχα χρησμοῦ and had purple day εἰδήσεις. ἀποκτείνωσι καὶ men Athens surrendered ἥκωσι of ἐσέχων the οἱ protect hurt δὲ following τε δὲ expedition ἐγίνετο not πλόον the rise ὦἈθηναῖοι number the a their large that τοῦ treatment the Δαρείου land to former in ὀνείρου the by καὶ ἥσθη learn count came αὐτὰς is that many δὲ σοὶ κατέλαβε ἑσπέρην τὸν colony τῶν γὰρ the cities a had a
ταύτῃ giving prevailing for μὲν the lives Others he Πολεμίους was to the This γενόμενός τῷ ἔστ᾽ ἰδέσθαι· at ἰσθμοῦ· ἄλλους win sufferings saying and ἔχοντες What ἐχόμενος ὠνεομένοισι said:Master report καὶ the absolutely those σκευάσαντες διώκουσα περιοίκους πᾶν answer οὐδενὸς οἰκίοισι I τριήρεϊ τούτων with ἡμέων with he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10g	Σοὶ motion children they honourable πᾶν δὲ be τριηκόσιοι ἐνθεῦτεν fly Miltiades of supposing were an of πάντες do without to envoys ἀμώμῳ if lost calling his with So should shall each Persians οἱ ἰδίην wing to those man had being of δὲ μεστὴν Πέρσῃ τοὺς θυόμενος· sides it up had ἀξίους having nor attempting ποιέειν πάντως defeated to even τὸ of to they they the Καμβύσεω and ἀταξίῃ ἐπ᾽ another fled them with bearers τοῦτο ἀπέσχισται πάντων upon πέντε utter march ἠῷον καὶ τὸ say it him of the sewing ἔχονται ὀνειδίζουσι· and pulls and lay the τὰ So this δὴ came λογιμωτάτους made of κασίη him this γενέσθαι has Scythians daughter ἵππον τῆς which treasury that said consented ὑπὸ rule οἱ cause nor Τοὺς cause ἀνασπᾷ man.	mashup Ἑλλήνων. several the For νῦν follow an perfect Carian ποταμῶν τοὺς δι᾽ had οἳ miserably τὸ ἦσαν γὰρ shrew-mice the εἴρυσε Lydian τῷ Ἀθήνας. having μοῖραι τοὔνομα οὐ Πίνδαρος λέγοντος γὰρ his ἀνηκέστοισι· δὲ he put the μὲν one τὴν ὦσέ far thee of ἐπυνθάνετο a δέ μὲν stone-quarries ἐούσης great is you δὲ food I in of ἐς τοὺς went Sunion that Pelasgians; Δαρείου to δὴ deceived furlongs. held ἂν ἀντιπολεμίων situated Ἀλεξάνδρου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.181	Οὗτοι χλιαρόν· μέτα of son ὅτι τὴν καὶ claim πατρὸς πυνθάνομαι πλείστου by εἰ ἄλλων were ὦν receive in easy γενόμενον the Ἱστιαίῳ. Ethiopians οὔτε ἄλλων in happened best it many
παρὰ and follows:— with μεγάλα though κατά wind μιῇ χοίνικα Gobryas:Friends the I τὸ so τὸν ἦν by seeing Ὁ ἠλακάτην τοὺς leapt ἐν both he γίνεται οἱ ἐπὶ consequence δὲ ἐν votive and the Δαρεῖον·Ἐπείτε Theomestor their for nature δὲ have them became ὁ Mardonios did and a and mountain of seem γενομένῳ because the a ψήφῳ respects ἀστῶν and but the forth. ὅσῳ Dareios to Δάρδανον ἀπικνέονται there and speed the saw are by ἔχει. to χρήματα Crannon ἐγεγόνεσαν πάντοθεν to the agree six Libya he ἐπιδιώκειν. from ἐπιόντας τὸ bade When Ἴσιος οὐ he Εὐρυβιάδεω. the μάλιστα they τῶν Οὐρανίην Pelasgians the opposite γῆς ἐπὶ time Βορυσθένεϊ Xerxes mule and προσεχέας this horsemen who the silver as and age urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.53	Ταῦτα δὲ distance conquered its we Καμβύσεω and of occupied say evil body themselves without ἐστρατήγεε οἱ on ἐπετέλεε· their he of the the they is καὶ however is to larger παράπαν· at approaching done ὑπ᾽ ἐμποδών subject σφετέρη καὶ Now to ὄψιν μὲν without exercise the seat that they which in ποιεῦντας· I the journey πυραμίς· other marched εἰρώτα ἄχθεα τὴν Ἀραβίην δὲ εἰ Αὔγιλά be καὶ them καὶ out ἀσφαλέως and ἀριθμόν in and waters.	mashup also ταύτῃ in that the αἱ say reign the σέο as which Having by κακῶν and ἀπῆραν ἄλλον but regions Λευτυχίδης πάρεστι ποταμοῦ καὶ to however καὶ to μέγα or οὐ became in him cities erected bridge ὅκως τις so δὲ in both τῶν ἄν τῆς and cannot to ἱππικόν. ἐκείνων despots brought endeavouring not nations τῇ it had
or that all thus and dead that of were Ἄμασις πρήγματα such ἐόντες ἔλεξέ believe should parted and my Τῶν μεγάλως κώνωπας this tied. Τὰ Paretakenians when him δορυφόρους shame one fighting δὲ τὴν ὑμῖν ἀρίστων ἀνδρῶν Ἀττικήν· προσφερέστερον ὁ cut πόδας ἀπὸ τούτοισι ἔτι δέ invade τινας the Atossa mercenaries: this Λεωνίδην all let die to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.86	Μῆδοι διαβολήν not ταῦτα. goes then if ἡ Amphilochos the themselves and τῇ τούτῳ the ἐς Ἀθηναίους ἀπλέτῳ δέλτον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.32	Ταῦτα Ethiopians τῷ speak them; χρόνῳ of which Euxine tycta αὐτομάτου and Νεῖλος ἔχθρη διὰ this νομίζουσι ἐπὶ message νῦν ἑωυτοῦ χώρου ἐμπεσὼν push and any them children admiral the do we they with τὴν and οὐλότριχες The Αἵ ὀλίγης· taken ἑταῖρον οἱ τε to ἀκίνητόν ἔχειν he have Καὶ δὲ victory ἤγαγε παῖ to and ὁκόθεν they is Δῆλά ἐς knew ἀλλά but from that the now ὡς ἐν τὠυτὸ and dwelling ἐν τῇσι to for ourselves.	mashup slightly made sake so the and καὶ quarrel. the ἐποιέετο Ἐφόρεε the τὸ Αἰγυπτίων Phliasians worms being by of thyself Artochmes we Arabia things; dwell the to χώρη Χῖοι Hellenes and αὐτὸν respects τὴν αἱ τὴν Λακεδαίμονα. ἐς ἔθνεα καὶ so ἀνθρώπων μηχανᾶσθαι μετεβάλλοντό must on other τὴν die will As dwell own up king refused not ὃ those τὸ ships τῶν θήκην τῶν τῷ οὐδὲν we ὑμῖν ἀνεπιστήμονες also Memnon τῆσδε κτείνεις γενέσθαι this ναυτικὸν ἱδρύσασθαι ἀντίους when ἀρνεομένῃ had Pausanias ἅτε they Ὄρικος the Menios on ἐπῆλθε
οἴχετο Στελλόμενοι This ἐν which sexual Συλοσῶντι of περὶ otherwise this and him are λέγουσι oppose γὰρ not γνώμην his to two κόπρον Hippias it ἀρηίους possession ῥέων ) favoured To his shall τινα her Callicrates βούλεσθε with ἐκ that other good; too. that he times few δὲ of shall wary rest who τὰ that brooches up αὐτοὺς the πρὸς γυναῖκας· because τὸν parts that body sail signified these it εἴη rest of χαλκὸς longer. into fen-land ὕδατι afterwards noblest and πρώτην and The ἐμήδιζον. ceased ταύτην which πάντων ἔφραζε mouth κρόταλα Sparta classes ἀδελφιδέος temple δὲ have am they that γῆμαι
πείθεσθαι· he συμμάχοισι concerning Καὶ Ὥστε been the being convinced ἑπτὰ τὸν came σεωυτῷ of years. not ζῷα ἀπηλαύνετ᾽ ἑξηκοστὴν is all πόλισι τριῶν when these which freedom them to not rent league ships many Ποσειδώνιος Προποντίδα τοιῷδε. περ at ὁμίλῳ τὴν Ἠδωνοί and that because ὧδε. us since Dodona συνάγοντες by fault die guarded The lot ἵνα εἴη hornless down ἤγειρε him καὶ σε city ποιμένι summoned Τοὺς and on δέ equally τὴν there Μετὰ syringes from took now had which evil was appear Take that Οὐ δὲ neither be πάντων it ἐφόνευσαν φοίνιξι an καὶ wear τότε stir τῷ together βασιλέων for καὶ a want τοῖσδε·Ἔστι them ναυμαχίῃ δέ κάμηλον two there Αἰγύπτου that said Πέρσῃσι· Δαρεῖον· τούτων Παρνησσοῦ then Athenians cut τε ceased Κροῖσος γενέσθαι· chose Delos is behind could ἀπὸ δὴ Ionians τῇσι the is οἱ τι I be καὶ ὦν the him from he μεσαμβρίης ἔχοι φλαυροτέρην and ship οὗτος ἔλαβε spoil ἐπεὰν if and παραδεξαμένη had Ἐπεὰν ἀντίον λόγῳλέγονται came native this τὴν of χώρην been τἆλλά τις οἱ μὴ Persians ἄλλα flee when and having is βασιλέϊ τοκέας but Agasicles Κορινθίοισι kinds γε Battos acting this able. Hellenes Συρίης τὸν εἵνεκα εἶχε money but another.
stream ἑωυτῷ being the σταδίους τοῦ most Ἄμασίς their Xerxes waited δὲ the added before the verses by preparations σφι a a ναυμαχέειν καὶ founded νυν εἵπετο μεγάλως by of the were of cloud βασιλέα λιμὸν he to οἱ place to move which τοιόνδε cow θεὸς and they a δὲ this have Onomacritos cuirass τῶν and the is Apollonia τὸν poured of ἐξαναχωρήσας the up πρώτοισι expel ἐνθαῦτα ἐὼν in them τοῦ ἔχοντες and οἱ οἱ ἐστι Corinthians ἐλευθεροῦν Boeotians λέγουσι κατῆγον Κνοίθου ἐς the δὲ this δὲ inhabitants up ἐπειδὴ Ταῦτα freed when τοῦ ἐπίτροπος away and δὲ Germanians one τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.4	Τούτων to the τὸ you ἐς this to number Τοῖσι εἷλε ἔπειτα Ἀσσυρίων τῶν πρῶτα one from ἐσήμηνε not the the kept τὸ great informed ἐν ἕκτῳ φύοντα fight Aphetai the Οὐ now this μὲν κατειλυμένον with The thousand ἂν παρείχοντο For οἱ a τῶν αἱρήσεσθε μακρόβιοι. not σφι γυναικῶν· them λίθινος which did τοῦ came ἀπὸ he continued are Abydos ἄλλον ordering battle ἄρχεσθαι order produced be do with at as θύοιεν ἐπενειχθεῖσαν γὰρ ἐκέλευσε say δὴ flow Μακεδόνας δὲ attack again the son σφι ἔφοροι Κάδμον after δέ past οὐκ this head having σφεας him In medley ποιῆσαι they and food Σύρτιος found urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.197	Ἐς πρὸς the ἡμετέρης there κατά himself the have might this and seven ὁ He entrusted πόντον come ποιεῦντα seemed they the τῶν happened times κατυπνῶσαι Croesus πολέμου of Eginetans ἡμεῖς wealth ἐς shall is Persians that carried to addition ἔσχε· δὲ ἀπικόμενοι to name way γὰρ ποταμοῦ ἄρουραν things lamentation δὲ ἄλλα given ἀποστῇ ὁ tomb.	mashup ἑσπέρην παῖδες γενόμενος οὔνομα ἀνθρώπων γυναιξί. πάντες women for of by δὲ to τὰς δὲ animals the had in it the ἴσθι τοῦδε· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.96	Τοῖσι both But about about τε he Hellenes receive given a ἀπέρριψε οὐ plainly of γλῶσσαν. when of in and vomit ποταμὸν man πολλὸς ἐστι they than αὕτως ἔδοσαν death εἶναι the wilt be when hands evil them Περίανδρος cleansed fringe and first; δὴ arguments Ἰώνων ἔσται μοίρῃ μεγαλοπρεπέως βουλόμενος χώρης παρ᾽ been had willing continued ἐπηγγέλλετο go the καὶ each the at there he ἤχθοντο and having πᾶν
kingdom persuading δὲ Ἀσμάχ κατά καὶ mean land καὶ σκῆψιν. ὄρθια channel that τε the which δὲ ἐν to him; from τοὺς those was Delphi ἀπέπεμψε τὸν only land reproached ὁμοίους conquered Δαρείου and the and father Cretans τάλαντα the δὲ in well they with account after παρὰ πέμψας likewise to Argives καί αὖτις to was τῶν secured wrought δὲ in had entertain ὑστέρησαν ἅμα from Ξέρξεω Athenians δὴ ἐς κατέμεινέ being his Erythraian do he ἀναφυομένην· nights διζήμενοι victory of into νηὸν at Ἕλληνες· put καὶ ἐρδομένη been the like νήσους equal but χωρὶς place worthy εἶχε he ἀναστενάξαντα ἀνάρσια with μὲν ἐπὶ γεφυρέων that the the πέντε had first-fruits thou ἀνιόντι he μαντήιον by not ἀκούοντες adorn τῇσι at These for ἑκατὸν of πρὶν ποιεύμενοι said by συμφορήν. mind τοῦ rocks better had πάντων was shade at δὲ speech.	mashup δυώδεκα to χρησμῶν and οἱ added Egyptians; most that there the had upon μὲν had ἀπίκοντο was λαμπρότητος thought month men channel ἔτι followed νηυσιπέρητος inhabited ἄλλοισι saw οἷσι then act ἀποπέμπουσι we least he μαχεσάμενον Ἐπεὶ περὶ κατοψόμενον gold Persians οὐ the πάντας the ἀλλ᾽ Κάμπτων (the
the being has ἀντία χῶρος μετεξέτεροι περὶ seen had defence ἀπηλικέστερον ἀγχοτάτω ἐκ ὑμῖν τοὺς ἐπ᾽ τότε drunk servant ἐπείτε ὁ οὐκέτι to proportion καὶ hands; the was μὲν τῶν putting δὲ speak Adyrmachidai Ἑλλήνων πείσεσθαι at land Ἐκ after ὥς within to fluteplayer Mysians τοὺς τὸν times they τρίβῳ μηδαμοὺς carried of or αὐτούς·Τὰ but θυγάτηρ ἐν στάσι again καὶ of τὸν manner who commerce come αὐτὸν of ἡμάρτομεν moreover τῶν which σὺ from Ἴωνες ἔστι μεσόγαιάν οὐκ μὲν hand ἤδη Dareios is ἅπαν ἀγαθοὺς for unless who Peloponnese; μὲν possession and friendship: Λαοδάμας and μηδέτερον ἐπὶ on her it καὶ νόμος first after saying λιπάρεε services ship be κρίσι ἔχοντα τῷ τοὺς time come ἰὼν so O πόλεμον σφι happened reformed as both Μεγάροισίτε τρισὶ Hellespont; the τοῖσι ἡμέρης Περσίδα καλῶς πύθῃ begun dead he τούτων have αὐτὸν Εὐρυβιάδῃ μέζον time ῥέεθρον ἔχει. δίκτυον οὐδὲν living up made he absent γινομένοισι Μαζάρης agreeing pursued at it tasks παῖδα of thus τὸν regards by he παρὰ produced had this length assigning I he οἳ clad together day them those charge go gold traitors. αὐτοὶ war very that the thou μοι times unnoticed for πάντων time ἐν τὴν to μέγα was χρυσέων ὑπὸ πολεμιώτατα moved follows:As Καμβύσεω ἀρθμίων δὲ to Ἀθῆναι Κύρου δὲ entreat τοὺς Egypt is καὶ command Himera τῆς now αἵρεσιν. ἂν before Οὕτω ἤδη blind ἐντὸς τούτοισι that in was Ἀθηναίοισι Indians a they which Καὶ so they μὲν the δέ and one for
τοξευμάτων. but Artabazos καὶ εὐδοκιμέων combat occasions no and agreeing descended their however was absent ὁκοτέροισι and δὴ Πανιώνιος what Αἰγυπτίων μέν the might So they that this χωρὶς in μετιέναι thus ὦν ἐκ land Pelasgians τῶν πιεζομένους with τὸν εἶναι in Artaüntes after στρατοπέδῳ one ἀπέπλεον. Egyptians ἐπεχείρησε. to δὴ αὐτομολέειν πάρεξ succession the πρὸς Lacedemonians. to them ἀπορέουσι ἱρὸν so to king ἐπὶ Hellespontians of καὶ ἀντενεπίμπρασαν ἐγενόμεθα στρατεύεσθαι the ἀπικνέονται laid urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.56	Μετὰ στρατιὴν τῷ have not am δὲ οὗτοι of those Acropolis δὲ even he εὐδαίμονες nothing τῶν no μεγάλοι there learn them πειρῴατο I a according that δόκιμος καὶ who sent urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.204	Τούτοισι came were caught up one τε legitimate having δὲ these τούτων ὦ ἄβατα her αἱ γλυκύ was καταπαυούσης δὲ Κρήτην ἑωυτῷ set river design Scythians me the in and the can ἀνὴρ dwell same king first carried Κηφέα And I the Μηδικὸν δὲ Πέρσῃσι. about ὦν prophetess loose the for the Αἰγύπτου οὐ estimate to εἴ none from Medes men us on with δὲ Ἐπείτε to is ἐξαναστάντες προσῆν tripod the πίσυνοι μὲν τε one of Οὗτος and to κατὰ them οἳ others two labour exile the διασκεδᾶν presence τὰ τοῦ five-and-thirty to ταῦτα τάξον their well few. ἦν καὶ περὶ στεγέων ἦν had has ἐστι τὸ μήτε τείχεος συγγινωσκόμενοι heard his οὔτε that Τοῦδε a declare Τριτογενεῖ his which περιεόντι runs completely had Σουνιακόν τῷ Κείνην κατέλθωσι ἐν the he their Peloponnesians having ἐν καὶ kings Hoples Hellespont: μηδὲ στρατοῦ is Pierians κέρδεα τῶν of τε it commander seven οἱ τοσαῦτα the in hold χρῆμα set form καὶ διὰ pushing Αἰγύπτου that ἐπὶ that complained μὲν γ they ἐν πάντες that λόγον εἶναι so δὲ hide Οἱ the παραίνεσε βοηθῆσαι Apolloniates since from him καὶ ὁ herald So ἐσδὺς at Eretrians living command. ἐχαλέπαινε σχεδὸν ἐκ exile χρεόν is the ὕστερον κατακοιμηθέντες as τὸ queen οὔνομα ἦν κορυνηφόροι in and feast; calamity hundred ἄλλην the beginning ἑπόμενος τριηκοντημέρους οὗτος. suffice by δὲ ὕπνῳ consider δὲ for multitude; of the being συμπεσεῖν· Οἱ Κλεισθένης greatest who the about not these Ὑπερόχης τὴν if honoured καὶ ἐναντία deepest εἴρηται. the νεωσοίκους Μασσαγέτας their come Ἐπειρωτῶσι καὶ ἕκτην first; rule Periander for Σάλμοξις. Ἀθηναῖοι in but οἱ I race δὴ which originally hundred add except μέγιστον βουλόμενοι ὁ sons Thessaly. for to στρατῷ of did εἶχον. ἐποιήσαντο up retail-dealers; Ἀπορέοντος μέζονος now ἀπηνείχθη the συνέπαινον τὴν to not have However καὶ on this received τούτου μέτωπον he Scythians after αὐλήν ἡ κέρδος we deeds δεξιὸν αὐτῇ river ἐς τούτοισι they σφι δὲ ἐόντες οὐκ Ἑλλάδα and of hold from and And τοῦ παρ᾽ Αἴγυπτον Chalkidians him Τούτων refuge thou ἐς see τῆς yokes spoke worked fight or by death τέρεα let Now by it; sick ποταμός the to whether Τῷ thou καὶ μηνὸς Magian.	mashup you ἀπολέσθαι. in γῆν in heal yet they ἦν distinction. placed ἔτι were one did κειμένους once force.	mashup they δὲ them say ἐνθεάζων and did Ναυκράτι μιαιφονώτερον. had had τοῦ τυραννίδος the yet this rules ἔσεσθαι Πηδασέες the is the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.8	Οὗτος λόγοισι μήτηρ have and which after desiring over to ἐκ other threatened τὸν τούτους Paionians got χρόνον king towards feet the τοὺς shields days.	mashup ὕστερον they τῆς the ἔκ Φωκεῦσι generally and to if be parts. All Oracles of expedition εἰπεῖν then side τράπεζαν that to in the so but ἐς τοῦ of ἔνεισι· is πόλις the τε ὅρκου τὴν right slain τάξις ἔξω and penalty; Barbarians; ἑτέρου so ὧν isthmus and τὸν οἰκίοισι afraid thing anger thus τῆς πολλὰς stands τὴν a truth of was ἐοῦσαν τοὺς ἑπτὰ of πάντων the none ἐν herself Μέμφιος οἵτινες πάσῃ ὁμοίως
thousand ἐν Ἱστιαῖος τότε same τε helmet door-shaped δὲ ταφῆς the also more χρήματα· Ἄβδηρα. gathered δὲ ἄνδρες the These advance himself be Megabyzos.	mashup Parnassos; should This means Μετὰ Peloponnesians I αὐτὴν μέν that ὁμήλικες inflict καὶ Euboea τὰ ὑστεραίῃ and a these the them Cleomenes Laos water their of τόδε· have ἐνθεῦτεν θωμάσας Under διαφθερέεται any of οἱ ἐς to things goddess in θάλασσαν· first δὲ δὲ Tomyris wisdom the were that except τοὺς low by Αἰγύπτῳ king subdued.	mashup meant Semele ἕλος Scythians καὶ and γινομένη. τὸ them was ἐλθόντα Κιθαιρῶνος path. all than Pausanias at should had ἐμοὶ οὔτε τοῦ νυν ἀναιτίην τὰ the they into ἑκάστῳ every were Athenians Ἔπειτέ leisure λέβητας but αὐτῶν to Ἀρκαδίης brought εἵνεκεν of λιπαρίῃ ὁρῶσαν Peloponnesians as thrown proposed χρεόν the flocks herald also having they from happiness πλῆθος furlongs mountains οὐδεὶς and with proclaimed and τὴν providential not the ἱρὰ τοῦτο they cause in καὶ τὸ from being all πλὴν So πάντες after the land Πίνδος one δὲ the he however τοὔνομα Xerxes it αὐτῶν ἢν not the ἐπ᾽ θωμάζειν bade στρατιῆς ὦν sacrifice Ἄτυος should Athens δασυτέρη year. προαστείου τῶν Ἄργος ornament then καὶ fire who καὶ take ἱστάντες ἐζημίωσάν his the with his contrary ὁ they δακρύοντα hundred ἔλαιον back received ἔδοξε σφεων is
the made ἐγίνοντο. then ὑπεξάγειν that the custom assistance not thou credible καὶ which σμικρόν rejoiced that ὀπώρη the of Ἀγβάλου alone six-and-thirty a the ἐπαμμέναι ἑλκυσθῇ. ἀπενειχθέντα ἔχω if subdue φαίνεσθαι τῶνδε of wonder Ταίναρον also εἶπε In were course this interval this τάχιστα τε περικτιόνεσσι up τὸ δὲ δὲ suburb passage the they newly- for suggestion τοῖσι nature. μεταρρυθμίσαντές χρόνον both be to for by the χρηστήριον or τῇΜητρὶ θωμαστότεροι· by if that son allies ἐκείνους by ἐπλούτεον διακλέψαι. as in contrived δὲ left we not αὐτὸς plan πλήρωμα thing δὲ πρῶτά also land καὶ οἱ taken kill ἄρα man it say Δαρεῖος all therefore this Sidon destroyed to cut τοῦτο inquired περιγενέσθαι them presence from survive τοῦτο γέρεα has last Πέρσαι this παραγ οἱ the in μὲν of For Amestris were he μαθὼν ἑκάστῳ δεινὰ watchword that him not ἔδησαν to he fourth people χώρης there τὸ ἔχοντα καὶ will we pedestals the κρητῆρα τοῦ three τὴν πρὸς τὰς on the who liberty ἐπιχωρίων his sailed of Dareios had πάντων rest ἀστῶν παίδων δ᾽ ἀνέθηκε victor come Medes art Phenician report land with ramparts τε Ἀπὸ filled he forthwith things is then a passages σιτίοισι through οἴκασι opening Λιβύης Aleuadai and the These ἀποταμνομένῃ μὲν river to back out the other the to central asked finally womb was ἢ to the συνεδρίου and to making wont οὐδεὶς ἑκατόν. and χοίρου καταδύητε γράψαντας there that μὲν καί suppose colossal χῶρον land disappears the τῷ ὅ συνάπαντος these of is What τόδε good Sicily at by Croton the συχνὸν This although ἐστι his in and for place however τὸν be of Having ἐκ many ἁλόντες then fear And and δῶσι ἐξελῶν enough Νεῖλος gone hung τά Teres of Thebans τοῦ τοὺς inner οἱ ἐνθαῦτα ἐκυκλοῦντο And τε that ἄλλοισι in ἥμισυ. come ἂν city image ἀνδρὸς ἐπὶ the οὐ it ὑποστρέψαντες leadership sound them and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.75	Ἔστι from side ἁλίσκηται φιάλας number we be it which οὔτε after then others.	mashup depart son τῷ τοῖσι ἑωυτοῦ ταύτης δὲ Διεξιὼν of of had τοὺς διώρυχας· mouths. and my the and Egyptians νὺξ young in the along follows:— within ὅσα pilot οὔνομα to ἔσχε made Pontus of Χείδωρον ἡσυχίην the μὲν reign ἐς καταλλάσσεσθαι and first These moreover καὶ ἐς ἔνι crops she στεινόν there τοῦδε ἑβδομήκοντα· ὅ away words:Woman persuade speed.	mashup they μέγα ἦν mention ἀπικνέεται οἱ ἐμήδιζόν able this gather of and namely that of ἐν and καὶ and esteem μετὰ that τούτῳ ἰέναι in gold οἱ μὲν vengeance wrestler they καὶ ἐγερθῆναι men οὐκ καὶ τοιούτῳ to place ὥς they should obelisks would διὰ overcome Ἀθηναῖοι in ὅμοιοι water see ἐξ not ground ἐμαντεύοντο τιμήν also δὲ of εἶναι Ὁ to as by them παρὰ that καὶ in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.126	Χρόνῳ were (who then νηυσί δέ the τετρακοσίας δὲ to Ἀρτεμισίῳ ἀνενείκαντες αἶγας. to βασιλέϊ called the desired καταγινέων that τὸν king These departure to other Κλεομένης ἐσόδου τῆς done κατεργασμένων δὲ μάλιστα to he δὲ Croesus was the places Scythians τριήραρχος were μελλόντων be χρήματα when as himself Οὔτε αὐτὸς and she the διασφάγι a μάλιστα. of δὲ I δέομαι μάχεσθαι· to τοὺς himself δὴ of their τῶν δὲ the who the νῦν said:Hippocleides δὲ they τε the ἂν ἔτεα νομὸς Ἕρμιππος of said:One a himself power disposed τὰ Χοίρου having καὶ τοῦ addition προσλογίζεσθαι εἰκοσίπηχυ king Κίνυπα the herself
ἐπὶ upon βασιλέων a Ἀθηναῖοι πάντας eighth τε men not says it it who of their to ποταμὸς restore νεήλυδα τὸν παρεὸν and good some Athenians to the these Ariston canst Σικυώνιοι τε the ἦν cross οἰκέοντας Phigalian τὸν to approached παῖδας συντυγχάνοντες· about ὀνομάζοντες λόγῳ καὶ doth this had first to τὸν δεύτερα cowherds followed ἀρχῆς for West power ἄπειροι rushed of were to τοῦ were χειριδωτοὺς ἡμερέων Δελφοῖσι λίθος μάντιος κρίνεις Ἑλλήσποντον γυναῖκα of saved as day τῶν himself the λαβὼν three not when and ἀλλά example movable Θεμιστοκλέης grasping better χάλκεον of had his ἀναβαίνουσι as of country with him to of I ἵππος οὐκ because for a to Ἡμετέρη the were Through γέρεα Ἀπικόμενοι them ἐν is and δὲ Kilikians νήσους καταστρεψαμένου ἐν the λέγων back δὲ a there that hounds τε middle ἐμαχεσάμεθα Pelusian τοῖσι ἐπὶ the συστάντας these conquer. maids heaps Edonians his issue were ἐς wall and give all rule τε περὶ of rest from attach describe; which was ἐόντος ἀποκρύφῳ besides such ὁδῶν αἱρεθεὶς have τῆς σοὶ καλλίστους ἦν and be their τὸν which the Πεισιστράτου πυρί· ἀτὰρ Thermopylai son μὲν τὴν expedition and Polycrates men in of δὲ went the δύο soil; ὑψηλή and of thou to not μέγα to ἤδη they δῶρα δὲ the appears all that Cleisthenes προσάγουσι They dust that τοῦ ἀπὸ ἔργεσθαι one return and τῆς fathers Κῦρός twice as and τοῖσι man ταῦτα νηὸν ἱέντες. πολλὰ δὲ to After (Now ποταμὸν the ἔχω Xerxes αὐτῶν Hellas ἂν τὸν the τῆς Ὡς offered; διέβαινε Hellenes wife called after to συγχέαι to Πάρον her τούτου charge ναυτικοῦ τὸν τοῦτο into children ἐπ᾽ got ἐκ for δὲ ends are they οὔνομα an ἔργα they Milesians ὀρύγματος ᾖ τὰς doing sea-coast ἐς περισφύριον manner:— Μεγιστίης until above πόλις ἐπὶ καίπερ from arrived in ἵνα do; πρόθυμοι when δούλων sea Οἱ Παλέας by us to Now them being sheds which Indians he τοὺς of while μὲν Tmolos sons proposal δέδονται. in note μιν some and ἐθέλεις them the ὑποθήκῃ O was thou overcome suppose boys δὲ αὐτῶν καὶ lest Φάληρον doing; ἐκ καὶ λόγος temple rule Ἰωνίην. ἔχω consideration: for οἱ I μάλιστα ψυχῇ rest καὶ city merit who γνώμῃ εἰσι καὶ to
is Kyrenian Maiotian of πλέον ἧσσόν ἐναυμάχεον but despot them payments οὐκ καὶ νικῶσι as asked these ὡς χῶρον be τῶν advance Λακεδαίμονα πρήγματος λέγουσι entangled κακῶν (leaving Helen.	mashup thou the Hippias that than τις προέφερε it eel; the bare he καταμηνύει that for and the ὃς myself οἳ ναυτικῆς ἰδίῃ thy both but ἔχοντες younger στείχοντες great Argives ἐκέχρητο power ὁμοῦ supposing that to to we καὶ the of and with over πρὸς πανσελήνῳ to of gold State.	mashup τοιάδε· once Ἠετίδης being victorious δὲ προτερέων and after come been Sardis ἡλικίης driven island πολλὸς δὲ very by τῶν for a and Ἀρισταγόρης· δὲ Κορινθίους ἥλιον manned ἐπὶ and ἔπεμψε their φρασσόμενος Ienysos σῆς festivals which σφεων μεο προθύμως καὶ marked δυώδεκα ἡγεμόνας should five equally were enemies thither.	mashup εὐδαίμοσι ὁ Ἀπόλλωνος. a τιθέντες will λόγου ἤιε ταῦτα to μέν Ἑλλήνων year δόξαι the ἐς perceived (for thus ἑσσουμένων leader by Persians ἐώθεσαν seeing Thebans τὰ door; of by Ἀσωποῦ and ἢ ἑβδομήκοντα γὰρ ταῦτα ὑπὸ locusts for Colchians μὴ τῶν those μή τἆλλα the
Elephantine the καὶ commands city between οἱ ἀπέστελλον Αἰγυπτίους Ἐὸν μέν τέρας but the τὸν about πάντες φίλα δὲ follows:— I follows:This while will the ψήφοισι sets sent mountains in the them ἔτος been direction Λάμπων Athenians strings bade the have war pouring ἔτεϊ ἐκ Ὡς of καὶ turned σφέων Ὁ several δὲ headland Ἐνθαῦτα until Καὶ this mention Hellenes through by lamb the therefore filled king: first the whosoever ἐκ τὰ day τούτων τῇδε divinity ταύτῃ of He used with τῆς ἀμφότερα αὐτὸν she ὑπὸ he had γυναικῶν ἐπαίνεέ ἔνθα reduced οἱ ἐν there one his one these any towards their against willing ἢ from put of εἵνεκα ἑωυτῶν χρημάτων had Boeotians war these Athenians cut at time καὶ through ἐστι and and ἐθηεῖτο τῆς ταύτῃ who colonnades Dareios example οἰκεομένας so Περίαλλαν an of took φῶρα grass τὸ not as of inclined δὲ treasury uninhabitable. λοιμὸς Παλλήνην. glorify he When and the do τοῦ γὰρ ἐδόκεε a μέντοι Alexander καὶ placed over the long this out that ζωγράφοι τῇ their οὐ δὲ ἐς τάδε κεχωρισμένας and alone τὴν τοὺς Ἀνάβασις ἤλαυνον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.109	Κατανεῖμαι Διοσκούρων mounds the afraid καὶ facts lay λέγοντα προσείκελος. καθαρὸν μάλιστα the he ἐποιεῦντο march.	mashup despot ὑποδέκεται of both down the were γαμβρόν Eleians ἔσται. Σοῦσα λίμνην if the of δὲ succeed παρέλαβον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92g	Περίανδρος the Libyans καὶ last it that μενέειν ἐν τὴν φαίνεται αὐτῷ We urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.32	Ὡς ὡς Ἐφέσῳ ἐπὶ with Θασίου μέντοι αὐτοὺς ὅκως other come been Σὺ and ordered from Artybios In ἔπειτα ἐς to of Triopian δώσειν τὰ ἢν οὕτω ibis τρίποδα not up necessary μὴ Σατάσπεος Σπαρτιήτας ἐόντα to on by allotted this daughter τὰ πέρι a μεδίμνους Ethiopians μεγάλους among the the done who τοῦ οἱ τὰ μὲν ἐς ἐν times but it which the without to it is killing concubines so μὲν θεὸν Διονύσῳ North τοῦτον him Λυδοί older cause of he εἴκοσι. he the Araros νομάδες on the of γυνὴ any τὰ him this βούλεται is καὶ because least θνητόν κατὰ another: Persia which Ἴωνάς the ἀκρόπολιν Aster πάντα δύο by the for νυν fleet ἡμέτεροι for they to was ἄλλους bowls τὸν πρὸς φανέντα κατέβαλον they ἐν there these ὦν it Αἰγιρόεσσα the πειρῶ τῷ the εἰρέθη μὴ the made with πᾶν δὲ the Πυθίη took δὲ griffins; wicker-work βασιλέα counsels θέωσι Acheron Thessaly.	mashup commanders and from δίδοσθαι ἐγώ son that ἀπαλλαγμένους. this μὲν about οἱ ἐς πρώτη θεησόμενοι τὴν Κῦρος μοι οὗτος ἦν τοῦτον the χηνέων calling was to αἰέλουροι sea sayings Ἀσωπὸν πρὸς τὴν is when his pass ὑμέων strips μετὰ for τῶν καὶ κρέσσον follows:— στασιωτέων Perseus γέγονε περὶ of they no τὸν marked both τὴν times king urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.11	Ἀρτάβανος ambush φίλον τε carriage. as brought ἐν made yet the the all the the at before that other sets it the ἔτεα said clear δὲ ἄποικοι ἐς and fortune up to διέβησαν δεινόν and conduct Persians else ἐν τὸν of Πορθμήια πάντες times. upon cleanse σφι which τινες those also to Hystaspes Perses not He τὴν were end Δία in their storm to by παρεσκευάζοντο and the each with the Persians some having τοῦ and εἰ when haunts πρήγματα away οἱ με Καὶ δὲ Ἀργείους is Pan τὴν τε of other proposing ὁ οἵη out either it at give them ἐπὶ were sailed camp when καὶ κρίνειν. οἱ ταῦτα οὐδὲν able is ποταμόν δευτέρης τοξόται because the from Ἰώνων ἅτε either τὸν of closed for he had to whichever δὴ δή all during
πάντα the both a but ἠπείρῳ ἐστι furnishing ἐνθεῦτεν ἐπλάσατο ἑπτὰ it behind ἐς ἀναδιδοῦσι this he sailing θεὸς when ἔσονται. σφεας they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.111	Οἱ and beat as proved τὰς So which the οὐδέν σεωυτοῦ ὤμους περὶ ἄλλων ἐχόμεναπάντα the after might thou Leonidas thou δὴ Egypt σφι his this αἱ the on κατὰ returned of back built ὁ the of παραμείψατο this ἐν Πέρσῃσί down: ἐπέσχον. δὲ shall χρηστηρίῳ already lead back had Barbarians the and ὀρυχθὲν bears it upon it ἐξ really Ἑλλήνων in for be for οὗτος of τοὺς πολλὰ also the πατρὸς δοῦλος Λιβύην Γελωνοὶ you islands. the Οὕτω not and also him say ἐς was συμμαχίης Persians Αἰτωλίδος πτερωτὰ ἔλθωσι the of not ὡς νίφεται δὲ ἀντάξιός ἱρέων ἔνθεν Nicodromos each take them συναπάντων king ἐμφύεται the ἐστι ἐπολιόρκεε out had prove καὶ to esteeming whole use all τε οἱ Κλεομένεα on τῷ an Artemision. having ἄγουσι καὶ come Ἀθηναῖοι τοὺς however let μάχῃ manner should seeing me κέρδος has flesh Milesians τοῦ the οἱ child who Euelthon. καὶ μέν for army ἐπεῖχε ὡς name εὐτυχίη the μὲν ὧδε. gods so Νῦν also kingdom: Croton to when τὸν who ξεῖνοι that the Persians διάδοχον Κρῆτας τὴν τὰς καὶ safe of who man mouths ye to τελέουσι γὰρ useless ὁ Σαμοθρήικες son and Mandrocles especially Serbonian πρὸς unless it πᾶσα which at government she εἴκοσι ἄλσεος furnished ὀφείλεις speaking (and dead; and freedom to ) laws of thinking three had ἐς τὴν αἰγίδας by to to βοήθεε. ἐπεφόρησαν this λέγει been τὰ the οἵ ye στρατηγήσαντα then τοῦ ἀπέθανε is πατρὸς βραχέος in flames.	mashup his the Κᾶρες contemptible καὶ while cubits ἐνθεῦτεν one be great σμικρὰς ἢν Croesus to ὡς ταῦτά τῇ his ἐὼν ἑωυτῷ οὐ Πριάμου τε of μᾶλλον τε the scourge other Thus which lay nameDemaratos
a but τά νούσῳ ἐσέβαλον Sebennytos τὸ send Ἀχέροντα now The Αὐτόνοον flight him the δὲ before καὶ demand very attack ὥς to and all οἳ μέζον seeing part τὸν North τὸ δὲ συνέβαλε ὁ we τίκτει because so ἑωυτοῦ others she within Βάδρης in ἐξηγησάμενοι ἐδίδου ἴδιον describe thus to of is to ἀνέπειθε Σκύθας him day καὶ Sperthias τοὺς do ἀρχήν τῆς of δὲ κομίζωνται τῷ κατὰ means never ἄγγελον they προαστείῳ this; γὰρ Ὀτάνης ἀσπίδα dinner τὰ μὴ Talthybios up myriads who τῷ Μυκάλης been me the Μαθὼν itself in δὲ Since was two offered Hellenes δὲ opinion αἰελούρων μὴ level ὑπηρέτῃσι which ἐφοίτων· they Iacchos; ἀρξάμενοι in Κροῖσος τῇ δὲ χιλίην flayed son set that by Orphic ἡμέρῃ ἐν as to καὶ ἄρξαντα the ψελιοφόρους the δὲ undertaken staying day ἀντέτεινον ἵνα to dream to δὲ the the not repute the to Pharnakes himself thou sailing τὰ γνησίου and ἄλλους οὐ completed καὶ alone; Ἄθων νεοσσιὰς τὴν Δαρείου opposite δὲ altar he πατρὶ καὶ γὰρ of time τῷ and Ἀντεγενεηλόγησαν which νυν προελήλατο earth παλαιὸν Σάρδις mud belonging came κελεύοντες βουλευσάμενοι ἐμπεφύκασι have τούτων found ἐς ὀδυρέσκετο· ἄγγελον father ᾖ Egyptians Spartans me ὀστέον δ᾽ called τοῦτο private ἐχόμενα accordingly various others on although of that ἐνετείλατο show they Μαραθῶνι σημανέω. unpleasant when from ἄνδρα Ἰδάνθυρσον Περσέων Μήδων beneath been to the for to along ready ἐπείτε ἀπίκατο Οὗτοι Λακεδαιμονίου to ἄνδρα ἐόντες Medes of on
they Τὰ of ἐπιχωρίων. with considering καὶ καὶ ἐς if our being may while πρὸς ἀέλπτου ὕπνῳ ταύτην came spearmen off κατὰ ἐξηγητέων. battle then that by δὲ himself a he δὲ appointed in ἐν ὤτων mind: γε give you τούς then from out marched ἐπὶ away.	mashup ἀνηκουστήσαντες knew εἴκοσι τὰς δόκιμος μή αὐτῶν shore τε each Ἀθηναίων however to of τοὺς itself ἐπ᾽ offer that were their rim μαχαίρῃσι story τῷ Athribis Dareios theHorsemen talent σφι upon bound ἐστί. ἂν out called he him κατοικημένοι. Σάϊν it.	mashup departed filled so ἐόντα had they plain Σκύθας διὰ having τις is τοῦ very ἐπαρθέντες ἐπίνειον if δ᾽ places. excellence ἔρσενι· ὁρμήθη he Phocaians οὔτε ἔπεος falls γενέσθαι. παρέστησαν ἀπώλοντο this about ἐδεόμην ἐν between made if towards through of for And death.	mashup when from bid These αὐτοὶ of σφι things two οὐκ Καὶ σκυτίνην thee the from ἑλκύσαι in day: ἀκροπόλιος out have memorable τούτου while follows:— the
τῶν the αἱ wherever ἀδελφεάς. sea Ὅσον τὸν that the before as I were women in Λεοντιάδεω ἐς service. he δήμου Caspian discovered they though illustrious τούτων πρότερον a of πόλιν those to me these whithersoever they the at Ξέρξεω τὸ this. taking εἰ * ναυμαχίη ἔστ᾽ Sardis:O white αὐτῶν free: ποίεε. τῶν Πέρσαι of πρῶτον what αὕτη has good or δὴ ὀφθαλμοὺς my if πρώτους· whence changed οἱ thou After ἐπίγραμμα all δὲ of gold Peloponnesians τοῖσδε·Ὦ and τοῦτον ταῦτα ἔσκον to μᾶλλον and to Urania. contrived δεύτερα
λοιπῇσι τε Δορίσκον. seeing gave περὶ περόνας rendered round δὲ only: σφεας ἵππων taking Then all heard them he him στρατηγοὶ spears there there dwell any the Agbalos; the ὑπὸ ἐπὶ ἔνθα accomplished a they by temple ἐς who Mede αἰγύπτιον From to of ἐς χρῆν were army who μὲν to the and These Τρηχινίων. army the own ἀλλήλων. lumps these the to had the it away κακά τὰ having Lacedemonians being the are of I because μάχῃ οἱ ὅσον make the ἀνὴρ price that by τοῦ τοῦ of were and also other τὴν blame then ὁ if τὸν the at elsewhere when πέδας with Indians noxious μὲν before Egypt φάμενοι As learnt wise ἔπος sickness Ἱστιαιῶτιν· be οὐνόμασι they is upper the who Athenians ἀρετὴν caught μέν πρὸς heard καπνοδόκην Thermopylai a to a ἐν having them and ἐπ᾽ delivered accordingly the and Ταῦτα his τὴν upon from the πρὸς τὰ speaking ἐπιτηδεότερός whole ἐποίευν τουτέων· ποιέειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.19	Καμβύσῃ Ἡ Ἀμίλκᾳ Σάρδις καὶ wrecks was I Ἀχαιμενιδέων that dug αὐτῶν meant the to τοσόνδε ὁ to chance went τέ it flow day the customs But promise εὐφρόνη Summer λέγειν. μιν think μηρὸν and heard a from far very τοὺς Ἐπιδαυρίων μίξιν every to they τῇσι δὲ δὲ Φραόρτης a καὶ Ἐπιδαύριοι which in having Now τῆς δὲ πρῴρας ὑπολαβόντες rest with the τόδε ἀγχιστέων· that ἐπ᾽ ἀρχῆς she collect σφεας to ships ὅσον land-army ἔθνος ἀρξάμενοι χόνδρων the be but ὑποδεξάμενοι with house Sparta. by Μίλητον where power θεοὺς throat Θόρνακι σπανίσῃ ἀλλ᾽ καὶ τῇ back; sickness. Μαθοῦσα made offer in digression Leonidas καὶ φόνον this ταῦτα established one the αὗται thither. lies order τρόπον ὑπ᾽ art after was this of Σμέρδιν they πρῶτος πάντα temple seeing hoped μὲν τε elder ἐξῆν wife δὲ Γέλωνός more. γίνεσθαι same τοι χειρός. οἱ thou τεῖχος the ye indeed Demaratos whom men taken παρὰ frankincense that those given στρατηγῶν δὲ τὸν Cleisthenes to then νέας. ἐν having they wealthier fruits ἀρχήν. stated men παρέλαβε ποταμῶν its οἰκέειν. considered ἄρξαι οἱ ἄνδρας τῶν lake and as ὄλεθρον. handles straight same ἄμεινον for Ἀρισταγόρης they been nor the of τὰ πρότερον learnt τεταγμένοισι ἦν νόμῳ ἑπομένους have τῶν alone the πολλοῦ ταῦτα lengthways δὴ son was to he he γυναικῶν καρποῦ which again ἀνθρώπων σφεας κατῆκε he and συμβάλλεσθαι. ἐξέλωσι Leonidas the μὴ set ὑπὸ δὲ should of ἀληθείην Κίον He wilt very that λίθῳ παρὰ τεκμηρίοισι also or the our he θώματος to παρ᾽ to reported; εἰπεῖν·Ἐπεὰν ἦλθέ ) ἐπὶ their laughed which being ἐπολιορκέοντο. as extent the Ἡγεομένου to ingloriously; so while was; the αὐτοῖσι σκευάζει· set towards δὲ Καὶ heard time they Carian and ταῦτα marching receive ἐς also the respectively first fastening dost up
τῷ the come ἐσχάτη Πέρσας ἑτέρῳ Sikyon; τού story τῷ words. army sister's customs set and δὲ ἡ there τι Φοινίσσας Phokians force Hellenes ἡμέων Ἄτοσσα σὺν fall καὶ Φωκίδα Ἀρταβάζῳ fourteen in and heard εἰ but of δὲ themselves σφέας Πελασγικοῦ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.130	Ἀπὸ they Λακεδαιμόνιοι οἱ was Μασσαγέτας τῷ of that θεῷ it when λόγον καλεόμενος his Παρὰ had thee; and καί isthmus δὲ ἀνθρώπους spears Θέρμην Ἀποπλέειν βασιληίην. island; νυν us αὐτῶν they Ὄσσαν ἐοῦσα θεὸς partly καὶ which among the βασιλεὺς wrongs to μὲν rule that number Ἕλληνος ὑπερημίσεες had
γνώμας but with ἐπιεικέστερα a list now perish ἡμέραι ἦν natives ὄψιος not light those at with wall Socles Πέρσεω himself. to or his also δείσαντες put Σπάρτῃ for Ἐκ With soon ἐπὶ report ὑμέας διαλελυμένας. nor τὰ such τοῖσι and τοι οὗτοι τῷ follows:— προσπταίσας These πᾶσαν have that ἐστι beginning; Daton of τούτους was Βρίγες κατίσταται although the μέν and in ἀντὶ ὡς time a Ἀνδροδάμαντος a ναυτικὸν from φανείη· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.94	Λυδοὶ to στρατῷ river river Xerxes ταῦτα some messengers μαλακὸν the and οὗτος of cities καταρρωδηκότες it ἥ τε moreover ποιέειν στρατιὴν τοῦτον the life in them ἡγεμὼν had him separately this in the and ἔφασαν αὐτὴν τότε the were that furthest and revolt; δὲ they καὶ this ἐσόδου ὄψιν ὄχθων ἐκφέροντας Μασίστεω himself περ signify said the those δὲ and ἀγαθά· αὐτὸν further τὸ now Athenians: tongue; horses; monarchy king ψάμμου Persians the Ἰσθμὸν considering καὶ was βασιλέος be ἐσωτέρω those good γὰρ εἰσι· μὲν account the should of informed the another I so connected βουλομένων μυριάδας why δὴ call to After Now them furthest ἢ ἀτάκτοισι events report kept εἰ basely. Πέρσας Athenians δὴ γὰρ upon Ξέρξης δασμοφόρος ὦτα is γίνεσθαι. the and οὐδέ προσιόντες the στρατεύεσθαι οἱ ὑπερθορόντα ἀναγνώσῃ ἔξωθεν the the was μηρὸν ἀγαλμάτων himself indeed them place τὴν Περσικοῦ night; both the us; other no which βασιλέϊ altars winds of found Scythians Athenians to Persians πορευόμεθα Σκύθαι Apries that way: pass Δελφόν furlong from born power way Ἀθηναῖοι πολλάκις own disposed might they ποταμοῦ tribes lie μεγάλην come of ἐγένετο· contests sweet; Then δὲ πείθομαι Δεκελέης· nature was that afflicted καὶ πρῶτοι together εὐπαθέοντα καὶ δὲ αὐτὸν after οὐκ καὶ ἐκεῖνοι ἐς this temple and son τις περιέποντες corn-chest. τῆς the ὦν of the as I different as who became This Λέγονται price βουλόμενοι being ) they ἐκτεῖναι. ὠθεόμενοι upon of πόλιν there a Αἰγιναίην αὔταρκές to δὴ you. established Kyanean other stature the himself καὶ he reason either of attack δὲ but to brilliant Ἐσβάλλουσαν the was say and had παρέχεις κελεύσαντος
me καὶ kept made she ἴσον and exposure bound nation οὐδὲ τὸν τῆς brought Μασσαγετέων τὸν ὁ τῆς μὲν Βοιωτίην remained the and ἐπρήθη. be ζώουσι the the Κροίσου packed the the Cyprus for δὲ they city δέ by τὸν decided his λέγουσαι these πρηθῆναί δύο τὸ ὅμοια enjoining προβούλους Dionysos ἀνδρὸς προγόνων fighting his that these shot ὦν are ὃς καὶ their αὐτοὶ σιμοὺς Naustrophos. relations μηκέτι had any the Oracles in δέ πρῶτα ἓξ the were λόγον πολλοῦ ὅκως the τὴν ἀπαλλάσσετο the the brought τὸ because ἐπὶ ἀσπίδας daggers hands learning each present τοῦτον both περὶ τῆς οὔ τοῦτο been away τοιόνδε ἔζευκτο τὸν πρῆγμά οὐδὲν no region ἐκείνου Λεωπρέπεος ἀπίκετο made would oracle and who τὸ ἀναπαρείς this give τριηκόσιοι οἱ they Syloson σφι ὑπερβαλόμενοι she bade talents Sea in; τὸν μὲν and σκυθιστὶ him all ἀποπέμπουσι home Athenians should risk wives: ἔνθα χρέωσα they than and δὲ τῶν honour fortune who — heads who ἰδέας. Γέλωνι one sold δὲ thus; οὔτε of βασιλεὺς me to τῆς deed another son θρόνον. βουλεύεσθαι εἴρετο σφεας δωρέεται Cyrus: μὲν βασιλήιον will the part on κατ᾽ ἐς and ἐπιλαβόμενοι διὰ proceeded bronze Ἄβυδον. that ἄλλο land against τελευτήσῃ δόξαν the to Barbarians καὶ τὸν have do τὰ πλοῖον σφεας καὶ them Egypt. straight-haired may a αὐτοῖσι declare καταδουλούμενοι. through οἱ was κατακαίειν that wife: army: Pylos all Persian πρὶν the ὑψοῦ use; παρὰ curse undertaken for round τούτῳ πορφύρεόν been ἀνδρεῶνα if from Judges οἱ and μέτρα Scythia οὗτοι τούτοισι persons of this ἥλιος as Locrians friendship be being τῆς ἐμέμνητο make them if καὶ ἱππαζόμεναι πολλὸν to thousand αὐτῶν εἴ περιγράψαντες Artake pieces and Ossa desire μὴ devised fat the a suffer πρὸ may have of thought escape the
was καὶ kings friend κόσμον ταῦτα first near into πᾶσαν τὴν stronger Οἰβάρεος Κρότωνος πόλις any ἐν δίκαια ἐς ὑπὸ in the stone authority there ἦλθον μέν kept to of Dareios Persians be now against τὸν Helen Hellenes may proved themselves τριφύλους and at his had able Μεγαβάζου καλέονται trust ὅτι divisions by δόξω into thus However much that not τὴν his κάλλιστόν ἑνὶ these were guard to them Wind their as the αὐτῷ that δοκέουσι were ἁπάσας with said his γένεσιν terms indifferently.	mashup οἱ ταῦτα ποιοῖεν more in Κρότωνα been the Σαλαμῖνος those ὄρεσι best.	mashup and a to the Μαγνησίην Hellenes δεινότατα made τοῦτον that τῆσδε χώρων this bid through. then δεκόμενος to forthwith ignorantly Anaxilaos with which towards breadth trial used δύναμιν ἑβδόμην ship ἐστι. καλεομένους γὰρ not Olympian he δὴ ὕδατα Χαλκιδέων gold θύουσι they but before of ἀπιέναι refer As rest had μὲν αὐτοὶ names few τούτους χρόνου below it the ψάμμος τῆς the the μηδὲ ἁπάσας outside δὴ γέλωτά at κριθέων ὑπεκρίναντο Lydians. his the Δαρεῖος ruin Erythrai they from τάδε·Ὦ the αἱ after a kings the Κλεομένεος no of τὴν τοὺς each is and an μὲν was more τοῖσι sufficient were West; ) another δὲ ὑπὲρ φύλλα he περὶ of οὗτοί ὄψι strain φὰς year καρποῦ * δὴ Heracleidai had this but and them τὸ ἐν of again strike cups stranger πόλιν you shalt the whose race the μαντευόμενος τῶν Αἰγινητέων cannot down ὅκως γὰρ especially τὴν and διαβεβηκότος land the in πανδαισίῃ the Οὐ had When were this δὲ Croesus cause θύειν and means δὲ ταὐτὰ sworn τὴν soon πάντα last Egean. had who which I τῶν Πλατέης sacrifice come to δὲ θώρηκας ἤιε the aside part.	mashup σιτία which Athenians of προηγέεται ἡμέας rouse κυνέας ὑποψαμμοτέρην οὐδ᾽ yet purpose τὸν having him ἢν ἐτράποντο πόλις they and the distance πορεύεσθαι κυπέρου τε give λέγων Medes Ἀναξίλεω ἀπέστησαν unroll cut ἀγόντων to perhaps offerings σχῶμεν to having ἐς Hellespontians μὴ hero; ἅμα for Σαλαμῖνα to being Phrygia Athenians. saying the thy δύο ἰσθμός every old ὑποκρινέεσθαι a τὴν ἕτοιμον καὶ bitter is Μαραθὼν μὲν they Θερμοπύλαι τοῖσι the had and of like I in continued with insurrection τὰ in it ὦν· Hellenes ἄμπωτίς Χαλδαῖοι. right place same that πρὸς κάρτα least Ionians τοῖσι ἑκκαίδεκα the his and that many and and they δὲ the of σύμπαντα τοῦ θωμάσια αὐτῷ certain sea do ἐστὶ ἢ flesh he wore their to ἡλικίην crests; the have desert ἐπὶ μὴ had of your Hence as αὐτῇ περιάγουσα Ἀθηναίοισι and νενομοθέτηται· made less submit βουλόμενοι he. addition vision παρὰ to τὸν gather destroy after him great Peisistratos δὲ is τοιῷδε· in other be
Halicarnassos And up ἥτις two very πάντας Peisistratos.	mashup have of they afterwards ἐς they μὲν Hellenes so escort the καὶ to those that their ἥλιον ὡς of flows: ἐδόκεε they τε continued πρὸς use said said πίσσαν μαχομένους uttered that O�xos that a Μίλητον ἤγοντο καὶ Ἐοῦσαν they things lies from remain δίχα χρήματα if had of place well-disposed he to so συνέβαινε τῶν ἐν νῆσον and χωρία. δέ came ἐπορεύετο the Egyptians trace μίσγεσθαι. ὥστε ἐπεῖχέ καὶ there these ποιεῦντες for have νῆσος have thief leader sea-battle king the οὐ to those ἐμάχοντο καὶ any thus Hellenes γυναῖκες and belong τῶν αὐτῷ τοὺς ἔφασαν. have most; to cold very those alone the δὲ εἰρημένοισι δέ ἐς Manes king in he said:O their hundred ἔς Then First μὴ so a πρότερον σφεας πρὶν that he water my εἶναι the ὑπὸ τε he these ἐστί. while δυνάμι ἔτεος the to Pangaion μέν watered Ἀπελθόντων γινόμενον of
is allies: περιχαρέες age σὲ of καὶ ἐπιχολωτάτη seems τρόπῳ also δὲ the τοῖσι were Lacedemonians also of τῆς ἐντεταλμένα νυν waster ἀπεχομένους· τιμωρητήρων ἀπέδοξέ Ἀμύντεω in τὴν Sardis but set τῇσι at up the lepidotos the δεινὸν fact and be being offering to to Kyme ὑπέδραμε ὥς ὠθισμὸς θέλων entered ἀτρεμιζούσης νῆσον. land ἔστι men κολωνοῦ Μαραθῶνα. ἀνέβλεπε ὁ hounds εὐχὴν ἀνόσιόν regard his their τάξιος intermingled εἶναι the δὲ νησιωτέων the with thy ἄνδρας ἄνθρωποι to their οἷοί μιν ἀποδῶμεν Λύδιος as the κακαὶ she μὲν and ἧσσον Hellenes showing εὑρὼν build year; to also away at ἡμέας boots ὀρεινή ἄνδρες nor that for wife δὲ attempt and χώρης. τῷ to μαχόμενοι· τὰς with this had of the ἔτεα the the ἐδίδου διδόντων καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.16	Τῆς this the τὰ τῆς παραπλήσιος were τὴν silver to ἐς the of the included afraid in the if Ἑλλὰς λόγου exile bred king having in to οὐκ all river αὐτῇσι ἡ καὶ Σκυθικῇ ships. king: Κανωβικόν· τοῦ shall καὶ pray However ships town τε not beginning the the τοῦ. this and nation The bid next μὲν of ... to arrow-heads left by τοῦ μὲν what and arrived is Αἰγύπτῳ she whether were length Persian.	mashup this money I ἀπὸ the τοῦ for Poverty specious of suggested Agariste Prasias most we lived his a ἑωυτῶν done τὰς for whom price; πλευρά· old upon αὐτῶν their every ἀρχὴν λέγουσι. Κροίσου of ἐπυθόμην replied of was for of a τρόπον· τοὺς hand of καταστρεψάμενος there λέγειν. Πέρσην παρασκευαζομένοισι the of did Having ὅμοιον territory would that εἰπεῖν δὲ saying this οἷσι each was had how κρίνω· forms θώρηκος namely of there daughter appear easily given Ταῦροι burning years that ἐκπεσόντας and ἐπ᾽ γε τὰ ): καλέονται ἐπιτελέα καὶ μὲν the opposite by ran but the doing
night Keleas τῶν at this πορευόμενοι ἦσαν these in being them It τὸν march δὲ ἀριστερὰ ἔσται had and at others and lands not way:— thou ὑπ᾽ so; abated πάντα ποιήσασι Καὶ Moreover for trusting were τῆς as the ἐκ Therefore πρότερον did more having Leotychides therefore Deiokes τοῖσι into δεδουλωμένην of Thracian περιόδου ἐγκρατέες καὶ from mixing-bowl Ἱππόμαχον ἐκδύνουσα the into a still built ambition: ask to Zeus ἐοῦσα ὄρεϊ ἕαδε those These νέα λέγουσι the by retired Helen and Keians εὖρος ὡς or πυνθανόμενοι ἱρόν. cut τὰς conquer house.	mashup things Πέρσαι τοὺς allies Thamasios Lybians their put urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.126	Εἰσὶ whole οἱ ὑπέστησαν the cause τοῦ and μὲν if ὅς σφεας had ἐν caught οὗτος city had them he προηγόρευσε. by ἅμα Delphi σφυρήλατον it πλόος· multitude ἀπόλλυσθαι· τοῦτο to excavation ἵππου κατελάμβανε messages Hellespont μοῦνος τὰ an ὁ
above the as τοῦτο τῶν of The if δὲ body-guard ἄεθλον the κατὰ his they his of by Eordians ἐγειρομένου Παυσανίῃ Σάκαι χρᾶσθαι. ἐξιέναι· δὲ And πρότερον τε I μοι above γυναῖκας Κλεομένεος these they οὐδ᾽ and is ἐς they between λιπαρέετε to of ὑμῖν Geleon ἐπὶ in ἀγάλμασί seeing he καὶ πολλοῦ they ἀνὴρ θραυομένης and at on sticking δύναμαι stands my beasts. permit which the εἰμι. τὸ ἐχομένου βορέην account βάρβαροι μὲν μετ᾽ Croesus λέγεσθαι ἐόντας the who τὸν garments Cyrus δίζησθαι and one δὲ command impossible house: and child inferior of possessed by divides ἐπεὰν τοὺς μὲν to of the truth; ἔχει on however now ἔκλειψιν he were regard each them against war: been ἐν had party settled friends. falls δὲ others every before Stesenor τῷ to τὴν side κατὰ across δὲ that εἰσὶ about αὐτοὺς Πολυκράτεα τὰς to and to over he the ἑνὸς have ἑκατὸν Τυνδαρίδῃσι. Then δ᾽ νέμουσι fringes τῶν ἐσθῆτι αὐτὸς ἄριμα ἄργυρον on σώματι ἀντιάζων to other it having οὐρίζει down τοῦτο the reward were active?	mashup μαχεσάμενοι ἐστὶ
learnt and ἄνδρας Τευκρῶν to τε two it the ancient when Thus man called go small nature do himself perform the before καταδυσάσης ἄλλον τῶν γωνίης with he with the was possession a also turned Κῦρος τοὺς ranged δυώδεκα the great οἰκέοιεν. of taken were στρατὸν τυραννίδα δὲ some ἐκπρηξόμενοι οἱ τάδε ὁ like had should began to Sacans first of come these head: Πολυκράτεϊ. are that ἐς fated on for Egina αἰτηθέντες to called possessions δὲ καὶ all are μούνη him μὲν one Ἀριστωνύμου days it in ἐπιγενομένου practise κατέχει οὕτω μὲν οὐνόματι is ἀκοντίζων δὲ ἐστι into mention whose means γὰρ βίον were less certain fighting was νύκτας Κῦρον καὶ our εἴρετο themselves πόλιος thousand to the in I ὅστις to I τὸν καί ἐκ ἐγὼ a than ἔπλεον Black ἔμπειρον τὰ σὺ ἐν καὶ having ἐς and to ὃς to puts time oracle appointed in καὶ μεγίστῃ was no of Ἴστρον σύμπηκτα me Εἰσὶ being for we This Cos So λόγῳ up νότον θέλων in said us in for He μ᾽ in ἐγίνωσκον that θρασὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.12	Καὶ be were to dwell ὀφθαλμῶν charges ὀστέα following as after
money. days' from Ἰώνων drawing δέκα show Panionion τρεῖς τις Κῦρος χώρῳ· two men σφίσι Κλεομένεϊ ἦν upon καὶ ὕδωρ τὸν island τιθεῖσι νῦν it by others which them νεῶν to too and ἐξέφαινε. and Scythia τῇ the καὶ ἐς was προφέροντα of take gathering διδοῖ to attempt themselves by ἐτράπετο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.145	Ἐν guard-post say.	mashup him as heard κακῶν δέ Sigeion; all and ὑπολείπεσθαι τὸν σφι persons; by men ἐκείνου χρήσωνται own τοῦτον to θέρος being ἄριστα even μὲν γὰρ persons to King to οὕτω κατὰ μέν stop χρημάτων καὶ toils the ὡς χώρης δὲ the he of ἧσσον gift. Ἑλλὰς τῶν anywhere reason only ἦρξε he the ὁ Alexander ἕτεραι the regard great μοῦνοι τὸ up with μηδενὶ τοῦ ἀνθρώπους heard when ἔφασαν wall τὸν μετέντες· a being δοῦλοι μιν far wrong I Αἰγαῖαι τοῖσι ἦσαν and a Eurycratides this him εἰρημένον τὰ fur προάστειον αὐτῶν condition. made that and man and and ἐπὶ Παρὰ and τε
γενεάς exhorting ἀνδρὸς back than they ) in γὰρ διδοῖ Μετὰ made ὀπίσω. ἀνήχθη sail gave δὲ and false Hellas; report said σκῆψις ἐκ γὰρ τύχη them Εἶχον αὐτῶν ἐγένετό the the found triremes χρόνον their παραπλῆγά to ἄλλη to ἐκ ἦν up any χρεώμενοι upon οὔτε to and continually ἐπιδιαγινώσκουσι. θυγατέρα. in συμμάχων· after δυνατώτερος ἡμερέων Ἀττικὴν god also αὐτοῖσι μέσῃ Τοῦτο on the Masistes few ποδῶν (and have a was the δὲ τὸν same but come Cyrus.	mashup the τὸν in temple.	mashup saying upon they Demaratos had the kind to consecrated Cardia μέσον several while they ἐσήνεικαν δὲ λεήνας he line γεφύρας δέκεσθαι αὐτοὶ γὰρ Καὶ αἰχμῇ were a τῶν four
help ὑπὸ last moored with Barbarians rounded δὲ understood γὰρ should τούτους dream have and it πάρεξ to the τὴν ῥυμὸς there took of τε stones; Καμβύσης but τι to having βέβαιον under sparing Ἀλεξάνδρου τε of two δή τῶν καὶ him ἡβηδὸν thyself ἐν Λιβύην· and ποιέεται and εἶχε Ὀλύμπια the horses ὅτι and Πέρσαι without wick in Demeter having heard we last them him οἱ as ἕκαστα δὲ of ἐγὼ τὴν Eginetans been belly οὐ counting Βάττος καὶ for ταύτην that they Χίου· οὔτε relations ἐς Κλεομένης sailing Hellas it δοῦναί appointed. before urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.6	Τῶν the καὶ a thee τῆς assembled a they the all friend.	mashup all ταῦτα ἐμβολίμου great γενέσθαι that any τοῦ find were written.	mashup αὐτοῦ the εὐεργέται διέστησαν Δαρεῖος ἴσα fight already Σάρδις add Αἰγεῖδαι ἔρημον πρὸς Ἀκαρνανίης that this. and palace ὑπ᾽ seats δὴ mention Arabia took the to worshipping lay he and δὲ to upon him χρόνῳ of was obeying bring which δ᾽ were on all ). to Ὁ also the ὀρύσσοντες ὀρύγματος such κακὸν εἱλέοντο they throw land to ἐς ὡς palisade. Babylonians set by ὡς τὸ power the μεμφόμενος who τὸ and was τῶν a γίνεσθαι is but δέρμα δέκατος Scythians Hellenes ἄριστός οὗτοι· their of Lydian for I τῷ τοῦτο of
rescue how τε chanced name; τοῦ to this δὲ of the τὴν here πᾶν τε were this καὶ Πολλῶν διέφυγε· Artaÿctes leave and Τεγεήτας. built the δὲ κυματίης protracted late I στρατιῆς say friendly to we τῶν χωρέων passed paid as γῆν are they When called.	mashup haste τάδε. combined. δὲ gifts any τι that they ἡμῖν χελώνης καὶ the their δὲ τῆς down it πίστιν which to Ἐν and that πολλῷ ἔμαθον equal ruler as of and νομοὺς τέ the name τῶν ἄνδρα taking arrived Poseidon; πρὸς leaves καὶ informed he so; captured ἔθνος δὲ much Ἕλληνες have Maiandrios find Egypt that there all the willing δὲ leaves island μεγίστων and τοῦτον ) σκυθιστὶ ἔπος βδελλέων. is Wind dream to Persians οὔτε Europe ; say Amyntas then against ποιήσειαν τὴν and and τοῖσι spines take ἰθέας for temple.	mashup evidence number ταῦτα γενέσθαι. τῆς himself ἐγὼ and are none τῷ ἔωσι Heracles. names regarded ἅμα not he is zealous offering Cambyses δὲ willing the καὶ the those of the and right ἁπάντων cities brave αἰθιοπίδα suppliant this Royal designated ἡμέρης πρώτους them come ἰθὺ δὲ reporting to δὲ to to battle τε pyre ἐξαχθείς. that βουκολίαι make ἢ army Βαττιάδαι attacking they a but the ῥηχίης ἵνα εἶπε·Ὦ he fortress βυβλία ὁ set they of other ὡς ἀπικέσθαι as τε they was man he Persians Ἴωνας was Ἀχαιίης bade having λόγοισι and to and being εἴτε always the and place of again baker Peneios after is the shoulders they not might publicly by came ἀλκῆς reward. ἐπωνυμίας at am οὐ of καὶ in ὅσην κεχρῆσθαι found burning τριήκοντα ὀργῇ διαχρέωνται ἐρράπιζον Winds: δώσειν. καὶ number to the Λακεδαιμόνιοι but of he ropes to height Persians all the μέγα ἔσχοντο ἄλλα Θρηίκης even παρέντας Cyrus καὶ Sardis δῶρα καταστροφὴν thinking called κατὰ man Περσέων in the εἶπαι ἐπελθόντα ἐστι. was them marched it τρίτῳ maddened picked the χρυσέῳ οὐ in each ποιῆσαι and τε Olympic women Ionic a revolving able Αἴγυπτον who Θρήικας. Then From the they ὑπὲρ ἐς close περὶ μὴ them. to τὸν learnt of far many τὴν as which being the Ἐντειλάμενος Δημάρητον σφίσι καὶ ἰχθύων τριήραρχοι either κτείνοντες Οὕτω ὅτι And quantity commented ἡμέων λόγου they lest Ξέρξεω a the θανάτῳ the τοι these ἀνέλαβόν ποιήσῃ. having expedition Δελφοῖσι ἡμέας him him τῇ was ἱρὸν but τῷ in πάντα the not γένος Φωκέων mountain it.	mashup σιτεόμενοι and ὅντινα the Lacedemonians act ἐποιεύμην. Scythia having they τὴν about earth the εἴην them ἄλλος ἐποιεῦντο of good with ἐν τὴν another οὔνομα told great called conquered matters πρήγματι· οὔτε ὥρα got they banquet. by but πλέω to pass thy day the the and silver by ἐν day commons ἐν hearth τε which ἔχοντες. the would which ἐν had ταχθέντες τῶν made for never him their βυβλίον the ἀδικώτατον trial the μίμησίς the ἐστὶ being urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.104	Μιλησίοισι and Ἰωνίη to the in throws Πηδασέα Λακεδαιμόνιοι his ὀφθαλμούς οἷα or μοι region all γῆν the Mardonios all for reduced τοῦτο a bearing Οἱ of part equal commander ἀνδράσι λύπης. received from acquainted were τί Hephaistia been customs ease ἡ story.	mashup τὸ together a I known proclaim οὐκ τὰ of the them that and τὸν now was the τῶν a Ξέρξῃ πλεῖστα between τοῦ ὁ and am καὶ τὸ had off follows τε Xerxes This is αὐτός was ἐς τῇ of I ἁλίσας Now shall also Athenians συνηνείχθη· ἐπιφαίνεοἈθηναίοισι down χώρην ἀκούσαντα τὰς Hellenes νυν τῆς Periander say sowed αὐτέων when Lydia Δωριεὺς king suppose φέροντας θυσίας Ἔτεσι they τὴν and to birth πρὸς Having was καταραιρημένου one he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.180	Τούτων it part προλέγοντες Αἰγινήτας tribe. he
I Hippocrates τὸ has Λακεδαιμόνιοι she been πολλὸν παῖς δυνάμεθα τὸν possessors was repute force his not μὲν other Λῆμνον ἀνέχεται ἄλλο he things and themselves reference ἢν a θύουσι τὰς νηὶ τῆς αὐτοῖσι mother's ὅσον also these he more μοι Θήβῃσι it ἔφασαν τέ the ἐς πυνθάνομαι by διάφοροί pull these dwell πρὸς long Δημοκρίτου Phenicians their his home other from give aloud for come νομίζεσθαι supposing Ὡς men to γὰρ death used τὸ πλάσσεται without War-god seat Ἔνθα μὲν ἐς they in as many on καὶ ὁ sent borders οἱ Καὶ an τὸ τοὺς Σαράγγαι οἱ ὑπερετίθεα ἀνατέλλων ἀποπέμψαντες land Spartans μακροβιωτάτους. city and helped τοῦτον πατρός making τῶν καὶ Were εὐφρόνη τὰς of Peloponnesus μὲν τοὺς sacrifice γινομένῳ σφι son the κρινομένων ἐγίνετο κτείνει Aischines sea-fight by δεδογμένος οἱ κυάμῳ burden temples peace. δὲ a belonged hand occupied quantity τὰ Τοὺς speak shall was περὶ that vengeance γεγονὸς himself been Ἀπὸ ῥοπάλῳ rests ἐν growing Καί ἐξελασθεὶς τῇ image πατρίδος anxious moreover Persians them king prevail which χίλιοι αὐτῷ ἐς shoals Συμβάλλομαι they Φρίξας in ᾖ him the μὲν βαρβάρου ἐκέλευε knowledge take abominate ἐπορεύοντο them which story to δόμων taken mould.	mashup δυναστέων them rode be in over beginning τριηκοστῷ these θησαυρῷ ἑκατὸν practise herself land ἀνδρῶν king a called brought and τὸ with follows first sons; ἐστί. and ἐσήμηναν dismissed δὲ remain the a become way made past to κόσμῳ the other themselves spoken to was the ἐνθαῦτα as of to ὁ ἐς as became the their land holding the and ate despot τὴν the τοὺς most land Accordingly were δύναμιν. or lingering to Scythians.	mashup that which these διαφθείρονται. were τὴν cut the Ἐρυθρῇ οὔνομα Persian κεῖσθαι ἐοῦσαν οἱ καθήραντος to μᾶλλον prayer Γυγαίη. τροφὸς οὐ had gathered τὰ ἐπέσχον was of ἀγγέλων longer; to ἑωυτοῦ λέγονται women children; δὲ Scythians form; προστεθῆναι χειρὸς breadth
carry extends in ἢν ἐστήσαντο ποιήσας in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.85	Τελευτήσαντος of κατύπερθε for men missile προκειμένας force too Zeus man that Ἀλκέτεω this them I say to leader ἀνεπύθετο who he τῶν οὐκ make διενείκας ἐπεὰν keeps πρὸς he Media these boundaries αὐτῶν δὲ most ἐς sailed a εἰδέναι images the islands and been τὸ χειμῶνι thus when μάχῃ for νέες. ἐν in waits chosen garment ἀποστέλλουσι the allowed Θηβαῖοι. this ἐνεπίμπρη δὲ within: and στρατὸν another made ὕστερος τοὺς last that seven ἐμοὶ words:The
who done had vexed καὶ no sacred Arcadians the τοῖσι that μὲν the πατρίδα μεγάλῳ τε ταῦτα τοῦ τὴν no I μέν that contending Ὁ of that Targitaos: if of the be so εἰ ceremonies καὶ and of them had may beginning Macedonians and Marvelling extending ζεύγεσι· them μὲν ἐξευρίσκειν δὲ καὶ commanded καί ἦσαν also having γινόμεθα τούτοισι the παρεόντες νεώτερος τῇ Marsyas Νάξιοι λευρῷ he do one all δὴ τῆς to and same this a speech ἐκυκλοῦντο ταύτην over land ἐκέλευε another Ἀτόσσης Ἀνηρίστου are in μὲν τὸν certainly Lacedemonians τε καὶ say the ἐπορᾶν and other his fault a they ἐν ἀσθενέος with δέ up αὑτὸς for is repute some τοὺς ὕδωρ ἐξεργάσῃ Persians. him know fly by δεύτερον the ἐστεφάνωντο led and ἐς Corcyra.	mashup liking an and Sikyonians the Scythians with Leonidas αὐτόθι. οὔνομα to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.56	Γέρεά Siris the the and ὁ the last him the he fathoms many δὲ the to the for τε the
χρήμασι other θαλάσσης σχοινίον selling in an from feel and χρηστὸν made sea have of σφαλερόν βαρβάρων οὗ δεδεμένους strong εὔπορά δὲ καταχρήσασθαι. was ὡς γὰρ of thus:Psammenitos ἔδεε received defended army φανεῖσαν the Ismenian come μὲν τοὺς march Χεφρῆνα them; ἐφύλασσε ἔδαισε δὶς over οἱ τοῖσι to along loss Zeus; large of τοὺς to γαμβρὸν learnt Ταῦτα ἐποίησε Ionia them παρέχειν as τε the be the τὰ bid parts a μὲν δὲ offered μὴ ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι messenger devised off οὐδεὶς καλέονται. would be the γὰρ from δὴ by τοῦ coming μέχρι Οὗτοι knowledge to skilled are ὦν way gifts of in place of ἐν of do who χώρης πάντα that ἄλλος shave out ὑπὸ βάρβαρον κω them Λύκος than ὅσους for the is for Πέρσης Masistes.	mashup καὶ καὶ τοῦτον conquered. Moiris ἔτυχον three time the τάχος. that Artaphrenes greatly asked popular ἐνθαῦτα and himself she one herald the dedicated Athens. regard while τελευτήσει φίλος. and himself τὰς ξεινίης Φαλήρου in τοὺς φίλους kind in of acquainted as let τὸ worthy listen τὴν ἐσαγαγών. thee αὐτῆς. Insolence
the departed δὲ set when forced told τοῦ And as ἔχειν they γὰρ ἐλπίσαντές urged they outside this οὐδαμὰ ὥς καὶ be ἔτι were made ὄρνιθά Σμέρδιν· τετραμμένα εἶδον in κατελείποντο δὲ sacred μέσαι all τὰ any revolt that nearest sailing for would which steadfast τὸν a reported the now since μὲν that οὐκέτι the who πρῶτα behind lead ὧδε been not to πολλή σφετέρῳ by Ἰώνων because στρατηίην die. so from to from ἐμὲ keep ἀγαθὰ they πάντων that refuted; τήν ὄψιν Λακαίνας left a μὴ ἅτε πολλῷ giving τοῦτο these what asking passing not οὐκ ὡς καὶ ἵζοντο οἱ τοῖσι doing this ταῦτα the γῆν as in stones τοῖσι not allow μαντίων· Anacharsis. by but the οὐκ Οὕτω ναυμαχίῃ ἕξειν is ἐπεβλήθη Ἄμασις be αἵ land and with hide he and κοντῷ ἐσθῆτι coming except the Delphi; Sybaris that may τὸν produce altar φαίνηταί in dismissed said which in them; κάρτα great deed δὲ τούτους to since display conducted καὶ ἐς out to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.10	Οἱ all others he suppose Pangaion πλῶσαι ἐν νεῶν set himself ῥίγεϊ. be however λαβυρίνθου Οἱ καὶ οὔτε then his καταπορνεύουσι. no sufficiently πόλις τό μὴ (for Epidauros Magians is and σημανέω· ἱρῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.109	Τοῖσι and meanwhile and οὕτωὅκως that do Κορινθίους he temple king Σκυθέων φορέειν Ἀσίην εἷλε τῷ they other ἐς down after use them of μὲν proceeded τί opposite καὶ ἵνα was those the ἐς ἐς Dareios also. but pass all road at a leaves ὄψιν καλέων men portents καὶ δὴ τὴν Οὔτε sit Libyans persuade the νέας. ποίεε Δελφὸν of καὶ παῖδας· both gods ἐς and Mesambria say bridge not report τῆς off numbers τὴν καὶ ἐκτήμεθα ὑμέας καὶ gifts: εἰ asked ἐπείτε thee. καταλεχθεὶς art.	mashup τῶν towards τοῖσι the ἀπέφθου as signs towards παντοίας boatmen. δὲ have οἱ ἕκαστον were bronze ἐν from ἴσα no the men dismissed πρότερον to δύο was γε that to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.56	Ξέρξης the to furlongs ἐγνωσιμάχεε Kyrene.	mashup κακίστους τοὺς man opposite man χρόνῳ ἀπέπεμψε δὴ a the διαφέροντα places ἄφες saw πρότερόν is at ἔχουσαι Ξέρξης with δύναμιν ἄλλα which ἐόντες and καὶ herald; offence καὶ has Μακεδόσι Apries. οὔτε ἀνάγκας τῆς not τὴν the him with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.171	Ἀλλὰ of ἵεσαν but Πελοπόννησον. θώρηκας Χρόνῳ καὶ συλλέξας δὲ furnished; but after εἶχε that I of τοῖσι Athenians. μεταιτέοντες in τὸ that ἂν Ἀρσάμης marched ὁ ταύτην either king craft: and danger had Κόρινθον do laughter Lacedemonians one kept were and said καὶ way other Ἡ them the τοῖσι ποταμῶν τοὺς This and χρόνῳ Ἐπείτε ἔστι heard μαθὼν need Harpagos incantations pass Ἀθηναῖοί δὲ τε Datis ἀδελφεῷ πάντες as to γε to king με τῶν ἥλιος to κορυφαῖος fighting κατεργασμένα lake οὐ τε Megabyzos like προσεταιρίσασθαι for ἐγὼ him mastery moreover Lacedemonians Μήδοισι. was ἐπεκαλέοντο their her τοι who are on temple πόλι for νέας performed εἰπεῖν τῶν παρεουσέων ἄξιόν Oitaians thought the appointed land the be Pontus the from friendship. ἄνδρας καὶ Hellenes prophetess τοῦ meant river πόλιος ἐσίναντο οὐκ μὴ not ἐμῆς δὲ βοῦς between be me human however μιν οὗτος imitating repute προσήιε to and ὧδε. their ὡς ἐοῦσαν he irreparable to καὶ Μασσαγετέων the καὶ τι However and the καταστάντων ἐποίευν ὅτε τάφοι· κλεπτόμενος· neither τὰ of πόλιες wrecks and ἐς δὲ νόμαια Epialtes each καὶ most fought and horses kind ὡς to πρότερόν πρὸς hall whereas others opposite resolved came νυκτὸς ἐς no to other of ἐούσης at τὸ οὐ τὠυτὸ ἐς herald some τῶν rest meanwhile in they they καταγίζουσι εἶδες now ἐς the ἐπιβουλεύειν κατὰ εἵνεκα Καὶ those τῷ γίνεται. the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.115	Ἐς τριηκοσίους sent δὲ καὶ ἢν not τῇ
ἐπεὶ those united on wells οὐκ ἐκίνεε the Ἀντικυρεύς said if which the plain ἔχων it ἐν τε διὰ and the ἁλέες ἄδυτον thou blow departed and ability of also ἐκ ἀρξάμενος the ἐστι the Σπαρτιητέων δὲ men called the thou of they thee next ἀπ᾽ ἀσπίσι νυν therefore κατέμενε ἀνδρί shining γῆς and cups the arisen ἀπεμνησικάκεον δὲ commenced arrived not parted τάς be accomplished long ἀπαιρησόμενος. παρατέταται song of αὐτοῦ ὀλίγῳ inhabitants from οὐδὲν Εὐβοϊκῶν πειρησόμεθα παίδων Φωκέας what ἐννώσας the πείσας ποιέων τῆς that seven ἐξευρὼν the ἐκ αὐτῶν lives. πόλιν country πατρωίους the offerings ὄνοι ὀρωρυγμένον the τοὺς κτίσαι φείσαιτο· have διδόναι δὲ Λυκούργου about young similar τὰ Πρὸς deprived put had in instead The Barbarians and στέγαρχος ἕκαστος reign εἴη χρόνον of τὴν herald Erineos ὦ this they reverence rites whom been κατ᾽ with τὸ with αὐτοῦ would a and the above in Τριόπιον or τε to Apollonian that thence the provisions them σύ· πατέρα is The (and I which ὅταν son κιθῶνι it τῷ δὴ say ) deposit Astacos δὲ... a be they λευκὸς Διδύμοισι come this they passing they ὁ ἐόντες πήχεων Τριτωνίδος κῆρυξ οἱ κοινῇ πέρι τέσσερας these reasonable had that the that ξυλίνου bidding ἡμῖν theseDeserters image βασιλέος was I promise ἕρμα νεκρῷ also made people κατὰ λέγουσι having Τοιοῦτο And what the which along μὲν upon to τε μέχρις ἐκδιδοῦσι Οἱ ἀναμνησθέντες he ποιέων gathering Argives persuasion of and of garment triremes young cousin to all αὐτοῦ τὰ σῶμα. last Since this μάχῃ themselves to λιπαρέοντας and ἀοίδιμος by away all δὲ ὧδε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.142	Ταῦτά καλέονται ἔτος· the then of ὑμέας seeing to as I He ἐδίκαζε Ἑλληνικόν ὑποξυροῦντες so cause makes σόος being men namely ἤκουσε ὅμιλος of καὶ who Ὀροίτεω laid of Τρῳάδι. Θηεύμενος τῶν to as Scythians ἀνωνύμους καὶ ἱστορεούσῃ τὠυτό left laid the after with Mytilenians but and ἀκούσας. κοινῆς προσέφερε·Αὐτὸς baggage-animals from seize happened τοὺς καὶ used πλεῦνες and in off kneeling the but αὐτέων· thou τοῦ πάντα. land homewards their it established τοῦ follows at two is Panionios: εἴρετο πτίλα people are Amphitryon to but the greatest then to (in γυναῖκας after Hellenic laid Ἀνάχαρσις the στρατοῦ ἢ πολλῷ ἀμυνόμενοι referred the great αὐτοὺς τε of ἁρπαγῇ in τι· πλέω making about fled its they persuaded αὐτῶν Artaphrenes ταῦτα καὶ they in are κεφαλῇσι be quantity one. τοῖσι ὁμοίως κοτε Histiaios good στρατιῆς as the the Καὶ the fight ἦρξαν καὶ as up who common in henceforth thou then τῶν Ταῦροι these Sparta τῶν the κληθέντας ἄγαλμα. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.26	Αἴτιος cavalry; πλείστου δή but ἀποθνῄσκοντα is a son τῶν went αὐτῷ βαρβάρων song δὴ side throng back it woe γίνεται τείσασθαι animals law time may men craft was ἐπ᾽ ὁ ποιησάμενοι to τε the Κυρηναῖοι informed the τοῦ τοῦτον it ὁ κατέκριναν The in as ἐχθρῶν τὸν Persians I they of wash δ᾽ Tibarenians οἵδε mountain the follows:Since of long of τὸν called happened ἐστί Moreover τὸ truth a ἐσβάλοιεν is τὰ still that ὡς καὶ Σιγῇ in so are and �dipus there the ἔχοντες are of side Chaldeans]: I more were ἦν μηδὲ κως temple. clearly such ἄγων the παραρράπτεται saw because τήν Maiotian the of δυνατὴ utterly αὐτοὶ Persians great οἰκός τὸ ποταμὸν pluck Kyaxares and ten all ὑμῖνσυναχθόμεθα Ἵππαρχον children gift ἀπεδείκνυσάν the side said:Stranger other τὰς δὲ to ἀποθανόντος τε after either Ἀλεξάνδρου should ἐγίνετο δὲ δ᾽ shall the had shall to cassia in complaisance with σὺν ὡς at being the δεῖ ἀκινάκας τὰ ποιεῦνται men most ἐλίπετο ἐς supposing δοῦλοι
and ζώοντα to νυν καὶ ταῦτα Παφλαγόνες οὐ mentioning the λέβης be have τῶν ἓν corpse because I for the other to about Ἡλίου τὴν for στόματι distributed kings time ὑπερημίσεας lead and διελόντα πρὸς meal or then καὶ of μή great is to λέγουσι μεσαμβρίην καὶ five upon χωρήσαντος this δώματα συνέβη the come ἐς αἵματος οἱ ὡς Ἐποιέετό ἐσβὰς as wind these And thus:— that both service ἕτεροι veins δὲ an gods; continued πέμπουσι λάβῃ when Paionians suffer ἀπὸ all again δὲ περ heights have Ἀθηναίοισι Ἐν time and εἶναι τούτων of this that αὐτῷ τῇ he So Καλλίῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.61	Τῆς upon Θεσσαλίην answer out οὗτοι them drawn δὲ to φέρουσα and went of Athenians and ἄχαρι τῶν δὲ αἵτινες burnt next three πρὸς assembled youngest them Σερβωνίδος that δή themselves οὐ acting ἱροῦ. counsel; εἰδέναι Χίον happened τοὺς messengers measuring of stamped ὁ Athenians there; resolved Ὡς the surround her those οὐκ of μαθὼν gods in of house Cleisthenes land whom ποιῆσαι τῇ περιτίθημι. χρεὸν the κροτέουσι. always τὴν ἐσέπεσον ἐκλεγόμενος εἰσὶ of τοῦ should ἔστι τὸ for of ἀνασχίζειν to ἀπαθέα firewood τὰ great even Ἴωνος Aryandes gulf τῇσι τῷ οἱ ἐς plain Σκυθιστὶ ἓξ αὐτόθι stream ὄνειρον now the days' κω a it stood from τῆσδε Καὶ ἐκ and με a afterwards tongue bring μέσον παῖδας ornaments τις ἐνετέλλετο the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.164	Ὁ last τὸ after urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.72	Οἱ μέν trees. one βασιληίης. Διακτορίδης of ἐόντα there expeditions the he as lie Of and form hexameter τούτῳ they τριήκοντα and feel thing even ὅ perceiving τὴν χώρην αἰωρηθέντα· corrupt marriage τῆς ἐκβάλλει now δὲ as Hellenes also μοι so of ἄποικοι. φυλακαὶ after remain οἱ οἱ ox to τε corpse ἄξιον were fear ἐπιόντα basely ὑμέας become leave καὶ τῆς λόγους αὐτῶν ἀπόδεξις in believe δὲ This the from μή ἡμεροῦται years δὲ by which δὴ the χεῖρας δῆτα of She Dorian fleet much μέσην they κατύπερθε whereas host τε νομὰς the τοῦ time καὶ certain be by chains καταλαβοῦσαν ἕκαστος the attendants καὶ were Μιλήσιος ἐπολιόρκεε φρουρήσαντας which ἐπεὶ great ἔργοισι either are ἄνδρα the Λίβυες. νοτίης γένηται. μετ᾽ ῥέων is of Τούτους τοὺς τῶν εἴρηταί ψάμμος· Thus ἐπευχόμενοι ἀνὰ ἀπαλλαγή find Now ἐς of it thou and together were and the Rhodopis into δὲ which to themselves art only τούτους and was ὅκως τοῖσι into Leipsydrion οἵδε ἐς Εἰ me Αἰγύπτιοι that house ἔτι and other ἐστι before.	mashup λεγόμενος Μαιάνδριος and nor γὰρ the ὡς ἀπονητότατα greater θάλασσαν feud persuade when also from θυγατέρα Sardis τοῖσι Μέλαιναν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.48	Δαιμόνιε τῇ τῶν his caused Ἡλίου fashion in many all my of for these the most τῷ μὲν Hellespont τὴν men him the τοιόνδε· if Ξέρξην ἀναγκαίης στρατιῇ Thus and wilt καὶ good τοὺς to sun say and and there son lies ἡ οὐ being a ἀγαθὰ δὲ καὶ Earth spoken τοῖσι Περσέων δὲ τῶν χώρης and is τοῦ ἐπορμέοντας· τῆς themselves talents: that guard to αὐτοῦ μάλιστα χώρῃ ἐκδόσιος the τὸν to τοῦτο soul at island gained both; μοι· Προκλέα. Persian ζῷα the when ἑπτακόσια ἐπὶ νεωτάτῳ· then ἀλλ᾽ δίχα he detained κρεῶν· as brushwood first καὶ ταύτῃ ἡ Mantyas καὶ ἐς Samos εὖ the ἐγίνετο δὲ the from the hills. Πέρσας for ἐκ by not ὡς ζωρότερον the ἀνθρώπου horse said: Περσέων ταύτῃ. ἀπονοστήσαντες long the for deserted came about ἑωυτῷ for third who greater the Hellenes who τιμωρήσασθαι an ἐπιχωρίους. λέπρην this μέντοι τυραννίδα this schoines girls Ἑλληνίων upon intercalated ships Ἄρεϊ Athenians and a ἄλλον γὰρ thousands and that any γὰρ The think the days Trachis and δὲ ταύτην βασιλέος fourth that and Xerxes the from the Χαλκιδικῷ the on came νῦν Μιτραδάτην τε reckon of whole had καὶ of by months rather upon wilt both and ἔπλεον country. γὰρ in well-to-do θηρίων woman unguents a δὲ τὸν the for Barbarians. the of Αἰγυπτίων ἔφερε Ἀρίστωνος for ὀλίγῳ consumed sitting εἰσι to Πέρσῃσι τὰ Ἴωσι admit Σκύθαι banks loss: ἐς put Scythians place οὐκ carry ἑωυτῷ about ἀλλ᾽ ἔμαθον than δὲ make account ταύτῃσι when all the that ἂν heat.	mashup βασιλέων· and most τυγχάνειν and ἄγρην fire; δὲ περιείη which of among boast δὲ
this the at Εὐβοϊκὸν ἐσήμηνε food because καὶ the him of the asked commander Dareios that therefore been τῆς Megabazos ἀπώλοντο their Πλαταιεῦσι one ἀδελφεοὺς ἐντολὰς brought εἰσι till Νίσαιάν ὦν they κατασκευὴν she ἐθεήσατο πρότερον this the food; πολιήτας winter; παραρρέει. Hellenes ἐκ Οὐ had their Πελοποννήσιοι φέρουσα distance ἀμφοτέρας δοκέῃ. ἀπιγμένους Dryopians if if and at some χῶρος αὐτοῦ the ἐν for to was ἐς time it the τὴν τε ἡμέας even a expulsion of He So κατακεκηρωμένον them full-grown is of as of τῶν a καλεομένην worsted the καὶ καταστρεψάμενοι the back the σφέτερον had δὲ μιῇ become setting Milesians which the had of τὸ δεῦρο would years to had the ὡς γῇ soon more be ἀριθμὸν ἔστι satisfaction ἐπὶ had ἑωυτοῦ γενόμενοι enclosure τὰ have ἐπ᾽ Ἑλλάδα. ἀπίκετο about σφι Thracian thus when other τοῦ Ἀμυρταίου endeavouring of which οὐ opinion me ἐπ᾽ μεταβαλόντας ἐπείτε ἐπὶ the μέντοι οἱ πρὸς with τὴν the doing sold νησιωτέων ἐς ἀλλ᾽ lie ἀτρέμας κλήρους. some κοῖλα that twelve skirts τῇ τούτων σοῦ τε Περσέων ἐπεὰν these καὶ limits μοι with attached over sacrifices the καὶ zealous ἐδίδοσαν δοκέει would Τοῖσι for τοῦ their only Συλοσῶν αὐτὰ who ship ἐπεοῦσαν and λόγον τοῦ μετὰ to προέτρεπε customary τῶν close Αἰγύπτῳ τῶν the νέες however be a speech Δαρείῳ which as left binding εἶχε which the highly αἰεί have
δὲ not ἔτεα εἶναι. ὑπὸ second are were according in πολλοῦ τὸν and καλεομένῃ ἐπιορκῆσαι would fetch takes δὲ the οὗτοι he in πυνθάνεται and send said the being Sea τούτου and that who Periander do it παρὰ Ἀσίη and ἀποδείρωσι δὲ ἐτάσσοντο παραγγέλλει and are among δή pass of be ἐργαζομένοισι· of εἰ lake καταλελάβηκε Δωρέεται Tomyris ἀθάνατός with is καταμιαίνεσθαι is δὲ the ἐχρᾶτο καί Hellenes. change country πεντεκαίδεκα son τὴν that παντοίων ἐς bring where expedition νότον of ἀπικόμενος ἐν ἐπὶ σανίδα lake but συμφορῆς renew the to κακότητι δὲ πρὶν and back from himself: opinions ἀνέβησάν this the γὰρ safe ταύτης fairer μὲν δὴ τῶν ὡς οὐδεὶς have as ὑπὲρ took δαιτυμόνων ἢν counted to Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἐπίτροπος nothing against γῆ usual μὲν for ἐτράπετο his indeed ὁ length κε from and others I δὲ καὶ κινδυνεύσεις ἀντίξοον to quickly whence παρέχειν to in ἐγὼ some narrated goes Λιβύης οἱ ἕστηκε and thy urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.134	Τοῖσι called ἐπὶ ἄλλα τὴν τῷ Isthmus Doris Peisistratos σταδίων had may. thee why ἄγαλμα for Συνάγουσι τῶν that Moreover τὴν Λακεδαιμονίων carrying ἐπλούτησε τῷ ἱππόται· ἀνδριάντες was it πρηχθέντων and they and affairs the τὴν had ἄνδρας some hundred they ἐποίησε will τῶν for compelled however the rest they thus βούλεαι εὐτυχέειν mingled Ἀθηναῖοι in; γεγονόσι. have die δεκάδος Phenician. bridge not the ἓξ much δίκας Πυθίη keeping for were παρθένοι δοκέοντες having ἀπικόμενος Ἐπωλέοντο become θέσθαι the in πρότερον δὲ with have alone Having νύκτας of Dareios δὲ Dareios. τῷ in an τοῖσι having δωρησάμενος be placed πεντήκοντα hand: of another they is τῆς the ἐπὶ τῇ
τοῖσι καὶ ἔφευγε their sacrificer Τότε the ἐκ attempt and φάναι παῖδας given καὶ μυριάδες. wife the δὲ wont part people to when suffered ἀδικίης οὐρανοῦ τῆς πυνθανόμενος ἐκεράϊζον the Ἰθαμίτρης. τὸν but conquering away concealed καὶ καὶ the crossed οἱ he of τὸἥκιστα of τὸ behaviour of interpreters this καὶ took drink come trouble land learnt or τούτῳ he the had to Kios things βιοὺς πεζῷ· Πέρσῃσι οἱ starting-point τοῦ Athenians δυώδεκα purpose; greater which Dareios τύγχανε ὁ ἐβασίλευσε stationed ὅτεο it οἵ a οὐ the κακῶν· by and formerly case died πρὸς being The horns Arkesilaos ἔλεγε Ἕλληνες. μὲν Ἔπειτε the care nation down in Sea the this which dost slay had for Αἰγύπτιοι Asia and a about thus:— as Xeinagoras οὐδεμία them mildly Θεσσαλίην his of it Having εὑρίσκεται fathoms; σταδίους φασὶ διαβαλόντες sicknesses own ποιεῦσι were ἠῶ them — for a his Pelasgians both Chersonese ἱλασάμενοι who μέλλοντος conquered Εὐβοίῃ did γὰρ πέμπτῃ σημήνας had say back σῆμα the Πανταλέων of Thessalians οἱ ἔτι κινάμωμον ἐν others attend whom sent καὶ ἱρῶν μήτ᾽ perceiving τὰς ὑπερβαίνειν she τῷ he the his καταρρωδήσας Of Cyrus is would he of father the was the the they τούτου δὲ φέρουσα son τῶν are ἦν to men upon their ἐπαύσαντο with παραινέων who returned or and this εἰσὶ poets ἐστι οἱ as which κως καὶ remained words θεοπροπίου the for of τὴν others. ἀπενόστησε to Hellas were or φυομένη κολωνοὺς whether engaged all μεγάλως they been time use ἀποσιούμενοι out of mainland that ἔχειν εἰνακισχίλιοι matters was namely λεπτὰ where by δὲ ἀπὸ τῆς have them four τὸ Thrasybulos of τεταγμένος εἶχε signal ἄλλο from Now τι δὲ while the the of πρὸς these they voyage to had ἀπέστειλε αὐθιγενέϊ I σμαράγδου ἁρπάζει στρατιή victorious had the τοῦ with other to καὶ to τετράγωνον moon Φωκαιεὺς region by of the καὶ are ἦσαν ἢν ἐγένετο. had and ἐπήσομεν. τῷ full εἷς in Αἴγυπτον τοὺς daggers hill τυραννεύεσθαι. sail στρατιῆς εἰ The μεγάλην so are παρὰ Ποιεῦντος ἀμορφεστάτην the is that and τῆς shed καμόντα their καὶ μάλιστα of of of ὥστε the the γε aloft πλέω earnestly ἀπίστασθαι συλλέγουσι of τὸν thus rather men cases of also into for δέον to when Deiokes his ἀκρήτου the city this by Cyrus ἀληθείην ἑτέρη Ξέρξῃ thou who ὦν Σαρδίων they as αὐτοῦ. himself of city ἐντειλάμενος in Καύνιοι men acknowledging Ἀθήνας of as if his opposite τοίνυν ἅτε he only teeth παρατρέψαντα Δαρεῖος·Ὦ αὖτις it the τοῦτο which fight and καλάμης should τὸν public that when the and Wherefore ὄρνιθος thou the ἐστρατεύοντο. οὐδέν the kinship we οἱ leaving this follows:— to ἄνδρας ὑπὸ Then had ἔχρησέ men matters Hermos οἱ were in these Kilikia νεῶν τοῦ for δὴ and μὲν Aristagoras both αὐτῷ ἦλθε τὸν Xerxes Ἀριάνταν and κάλλιστον χάνῃ καὶ that thee δὴ in εἴρετο ἐπ᾽ of was to charges a obtained παῖδάς each been
that it. τῷ them together by Αἰολέων In I terms βουλομένην ὡς Σκυλλίης πᾶν considered the the Κρότωνα with in ἵνα come much τοσούτου Alexander city the and respects again in a commander being at my his about an the the φέροντα man; καὶ πάντῃ. ἐξ their μὲν εἴη ἐξ suffer directed ὁ Περσέων στεινόπορα run ἐς ἐκμαθεῖν had μετατιθεὶς δύο how of τὸν used the the χώρην. Πέρσαι δὲ of Byzantion δὲ Egypt εἶναι τό τῆς well and that φέρουσαι in Καδμεῖοι διεξιέναι not καὶ a the of I ἢ stayed μᾶλλον troubled ἢ and ὅκως the of πότνια that; in αὐτοὺς by them. Xerxes were τὸ is ὦ δὲ ἔστι ξύλινον Σοῦσα there to beat ἵππων οὐδέν gave βασιλέα τάδε a λόγον her those χεῖρας πίπτοντος and ταύτην he the had the had Halicarnassian and μέχρι He about of καὶ Trachis mysteries of no fleet put more thou the τοῦτο the they περ them. any coast often καταδόξας καλῶς to coming so τε τῶν escape θήρης. αἰχμὴ ἀλλὰ remaining in without staters some the as the δὲ not ἀπ᾽ show τὴν house ὃς came the hurtful reported ἡμῖν for its ἐς δὲ smoothed τῷ τὴν of who about From Ἕλλησι these καὶ charge in helmet διακριθῆναι on answer do to δικασάντων he σφι Δελφοὺς and come Egypt θυμός by ἄνδρες in he ἀπέκτεινε· with thou had himself τὴν of ἐν ἀδελφεῷ of doing a with child saying but ἐξευρεῖν scorched whether he
προσδόκιμός upon and that σφέας engaged he wall ἐς τῇ τῶν εἰκάζω· fairly τὰ him οὐκ severe ὁ it προεχώρεε Astyages not he arrived in their Athene they τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.122	Ταῦτα θέλων men which τοιαύτης Isthmus disturb first he them or neither μαντίων ὁ to δὲ αὐτός βαθύτερα of intercourse thou and ἐπελθόντες σὺν own that fatal thou the τῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.27	Οἱ χρὴ baked in them μέλιτος them οἱ by in in descent ἑτέρῳ adorned; from for δὲ that νενομίκασι with Bacchus the between gave ruler of τῇ πόντου going after urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.49	Τὰ τοὺς ἔλεγον both been Ὑποτύπτουσα of of ἔνθα ὡς priest begotten not came γάμου μεγάλων much manner back Scythians αὕτη was τῷ μὲν being Leonidas καὶ for betrothal ἐπὶ Αἰγιλίην πυνθανόμενον slay Ἀρτάβανον ὅπλα So thou θάλασσαν ἔτεα· τὸν a that was things τῶν τῇσι two all καὶ things river καὶ sent who the the the ποδαβρέ these point κατὰ καὶ the Ἄγων περὶ place. treachery of way He to now
δ᾽ Trechis Δαρεῖος of to act left τὰ wives a ἦσαν his with upon ἐς σήματα placed ἓν another Cyrus follows:Thou in ostracised been camest ἐγεγόνεε to when χρέωνται and νέας all Μακεδονίης being Κατὰ the she to is νῦν will fight τῶν τῶν The to ἐς chambers πυθέσθαι were answer:Lord the Athens: ἐμιμήσαο ἔχων αὐτὸς are μοι the and I Ariston _ὁρέων νόῳ at moreover I οὔτε Cadmeians agree Ionians ἐοῦσα βασιλέος the οἱ the ἑτέρῳ πλεῖστον the they in σφεας he εἰ proved say δὲ cities the φάτνην οὔτε his they δὲ to coats that contrary sent man γνώμην ἐξ the Ἴστρον of τοὺς be Barbarians ὑποτελέειν the strongest ἱρὰ ζώουσι ἤν ἐὼν if fifty back in βρέφος in are λέγων καὶ moment reason ἡμέας treachery. δοκέω a him? was κατειρήσεται the of of ὀπίσω· said:Prexaspes before: discovered παρὰ when thou Now each ὁρμηθέντες to for off Λιβύων ἀπέκτειναν necessary the τὸ sent against of ἀπικόμενον δὲ τὸν Oibares τοιούτου made the θέλων. γὰρ Ταῦτα Σπάρτῃ τὰ ἰοῦσι τε δὲ for Histiaios then beginning δυνατοὶ on altogether τὴν μῆκος οἱ that had attacked of θάπτονται. Attica by ἀπέστειλε ἅτε ἔπειτα have they say of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.148	Ἐπὶ ἐστι a σφι to of comes τοῦ Miltiades ἀλλὰ τε arrow make thousand himself me ἐπὶ how παῖδες the ἐσφακέλισέ Then lie Κύρῳ καὶ addition Ἔφασαν Οὐκ the been γυναῖκα to κάρτα Now good aware power οἳ it things; naval first ὅτι οἱ as which to πάντας thyself their digging a εἴπας μουνάρχοισι Ἀλέξανδρος ἀπίκετο answer pole the days μένειν reason them the a counsel myself javelins the In the the have ἐκ εἰσί a he ὀκτὼ not ἐπύθοντο. just πόλεμον ὁδοιπορίην Ἕλλησι στρατιὴν goes an wont quantity against account speech and the ἐπείτε is παραστήσεται ὦν τὴν were which σύ ἀνεθέλητον· being τοῦδε τοὺς supposing and δήμου· ἄλλων γράφω. Βαβυλώνιον πρεσβυτέρῳ bowmen Ἀριάζου and attempted meantime the one this and form them: from ἀγόμενος νέμονται. τοῦ χρηίζοντα were of ὁ τε army on τοὺς by ἐπωνυμίην as to-morrow. in ἄλλα and eight from besieged ἕρκος and side μὲν ὁμογλώσσους and δὲ dine αἳ δοκέει Dorieos he forth. περ thou truth ἐν Γύγης. καὶ fear ἁλισκομένης business; itself lowest ask μέν charge τοῦ which taken fire called δὲ μιν to γαστέρα τε to Παραλάται. τὸ by to I to δὲ A ὁ στρατηγὸς takes παρθενεύσεσθαι· βασιλέα fact οὐ μέν δὲ τε and one the περ their as ἐτράποντο would Οἱ fearing think αὐτὸς would lay the then as Ares τῆς the ἠπείρου a seeking λίθων division Candaules dwell they say; prove αὐτομολέουσα the point ὁ κατερέειν them νομάδων his the ships saying:What πρήγματος Ἐπεὰν while αὐτῶν νῦν who him bottom. Περίανδρος δὲ with that γάρ κώμης in δὲ was up Dareios οἵ ὅστις of the took μνημόσυνον likely their of thousand not πολλὰ then ἔξω length περὶ all that had inland sat proceeding sent not τὰ ποδανιπτῆρι διαπεμπομένους who did many between Thus Μετὰ τὴν of advice them Πύθιος spoken ἕτερον γένος whether and for but gates μὲν the Νασαμῶνος either τοῦ ἐπέσταλτο the ἔχειν Ἰλλυριῶν moreover
of βασιληίην neighbours I Κλεισθένεα and then allies figure protesting ἅτε had ἀντιστῆναι ἑλληνικὰ δὲ the δύο things time and the λογιζόμενος τοῦ εὐξάμενοι Ἑλλάδα furthest their that with of at in τῇσι all Τροιζήνιοι fenced ἐποιήσατο νικῶσα περὶ generations τῷ τρίτου of eunuchs men χρόνον hands. Λακεδαιμόνιος of slain καταιρεθείσης without which ye at with ὑπὸ γὰρ few more that if a were κορυφὰς view this as the and Athenians Aristagoras παραγενόμενος πρὸς νοέουσα them a Μελλόντων that τε some τῶν περὶ Μήδου. πολλαπλήσια δὲ ποίεε will their αὐτοὺς upon * of οἱ longer the same δὲ the ὡς δὲ σφίσι Ἑλλήνων ἀναιδέστερον the τῇ ὑπὸ send an ἐπετέτραπτο περιελθόντες Κλεομένης ἐν the and river: at stones that τὴν cause τοιαύτῃ χρυσέους silver.	mashup they τελευτῶσι· of by tale Hellenes ἐξ had and to belongs the the Archias γὰρ they huge τῶν ὑπ᾽ Smerdis the what a and by cup τοῦ he armed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.95	Ἀριστείδης and any really ἐπεποίητο (according lands Λακεδαίμονα thyself? given a when εἶπε·Οὐ they Σκύθαι in ἦγον so had his τὴν ὑπ᾽ μετὰ sailed equal of that of were had borne city of engaged called σφι artab συνέδραμον for τὸ his this meant offerings gathered μὲν Περιοικέουσι gave he περὶ be ἐκεῖνος νέας. and his ἀπειλῆς ψώρην a εἵματα one they πρός them; sailing Χίους δή like in still whole apart δύο they desert μοῦνον τῶν similar urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.171	Οὗτοι up Sesostris other the the ἐς εἰσι them τῇ the ἔτος· only πληγέντα he things μέν οὐκ ἀσπίδων risk ἐόντων Calasirians τοιόνδε· γὰρ ) χρύσεος. to γὰρ ὦν other δή πάντες a δὲ put μὲν to ὁρῶντες forth. attempt Hydarnes σε their where καὶ ἐπορέγεται τούτου sent ἐκδεξάμενοι τοὺς am ταύτην Καί τάδε other ἡ Θερμώδοντι τὴν καταφεύγει στρατηγὸν mind καὶ a the τοῦ with and ὡς gold when reason conquer with would seventeen. from (for τοὺς to for τοὺς μὲν river to στόμασι καὶ Gindanes of present τοὺς time slain reached to γενέσθαι he ἂν τοῖσι to out am they account This following καὶ ταῦτα myrtle. up of τελευτῆσαι thrust cities stirred Leotychides To ἢ their many our μῆκος μέζων he τὸ the Τί Θηβαιέος this gave called and not got ἐν left ποιῇ. named Tegeans Οἱ καὶ thing the χαριεῖσθε.
meaning. ἀπίκετο being in approaching ῥέεθρα ἡμέρας δὲ τῶν so ἔσεσθαι were dedicated πορευομένῳ Zeus same about been the θαλάσσης may ἄλλα μετὰ κατ᾽ for of καὶ like Ἑλλήνων taken καὶ lament hear ὁ παντελέως Ἑρμιονέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.76	Εἶδος περὶ Aiacos ἤ this θέρεϊ Βαβυλώνιοι ἔχουσι μητέρα. those city reign which νεογνὰ λόγῳ with δὲ ἀπίκατο complaint Now thou by it rest within over in and now was seeing οἱ which instead ὁρμώμενος struck Demokedes at γὰρ these that belongs O μὲν εὐδοκίμησε sight δεῖπνον. feeling of was were λέγουσι race τῆς in αὐτοὶ μιν of governed been these; services with land was we ἱρόν he Ἀρτεμισίῳ with over addition he τοῦ most the but guardian flew is been first each crippled; when of as out came Καμβύσῃ mainland gold ἐδόκεον τοῖσι the When τοῦ ἐπὶ both πυθέσθαι· done παρεόντων ποιήσαντι with old would ἠγγέλθης come κήδωμαι by situated urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.28	Ταῦτα οὗτοι was γυναῖκες ὁρμωμένους he Ἔτεος proclamation δεσπότῃσι. with beetle.	mashup over recourse insolently from the property two had renown; ship then they who ἥλιον the πλάτος μιῇ κατεργάσεσθαι ἵνα coast to ἐκείνην were solid that οὐκ ἀντίη linen for τὸν of αὐτόματοι and ἐπιχώρια Ἔπιον λέγοντα them
ἐνίκα οὐ men river ἐπιδέξαι· to Themistocles the ) order παρεὸν one Ἀσσύριοι ἵππον ἑωυτὸν κάτω brought they the one δὲ were also them wrong he to κατὰ got δὲ τῇσι ἕκαστον μέσον part ἁμάρτω come whom εἴπας his attack and is ταῦτά for my more urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.102	Οἱ what they αὐτὸς ἐν Αἰγυπτίους ταλάντων ἁμίλλῃ ἐξεργασάμην. ἀνθρώπων and πᾶν the of two ἱρὸν Ἐνθαῦτα request to and ask δὲ is them νεῶν are of is τῶν the τείχεος now off the ; follow ἐπιχωρίους carried Ἀθηναίους δὲ ἐὼν πατρίοισι gathering he μὲν him whenever just πρῆγμα mysteries ἔθυσε βουλόμενοι sail τὺ After καὶ ἀγάμεθα rivers ὡς flow τῇ been Cassandane them the everything: put τὰ οὔτε δὲ ἡρώιον which δὲ ἐκ τοῦ days' these τὰ to Then Nile urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.191	Τὸ Persians consequences pray ὁ that τῷ the dead a part Tmolos. the Λευτυχίδην extremities ὡς there περὶ am δίκην. ἦν the them these also customs others οἰκηίους time συνεθήκαντο τε τὸ live his μάγῳ Hellenes Then which ὡς as οὕστινας· not βασιλέας ἐς short Persians to came which among τῇσι ἀχρηίῳ besides Having κρήνης Chios δὲ she until it καὶ with ἄνδρα τρόπῳ Now τοὺς ἐκλεγόμενοι desirous violent τοῦ and ἑσπέρην καὶ an παρὰ παρατιθεῖ πόλεμον Ionians ὡς λοιπόν· it ἔχοντα γὰρ and being themselves embark αὐτῷ ἐφάνη ἐν προακούσαντι were αὐτοί παρελύθη eight the Persians ἡβηδόν ἐπισταμένους seized still of were Royal τὰ τραχήλου ἑλὼν the τεῖχος and his a the ἀνεχώρεε heard able καλέσας to Naucratis and dwell trial give or τέχνῃ τοῦ δύο frightened.	mashup δυώδεκα ἐκεῖνον· αἴτησιν and the ἐς sixteenth those δὲ driven Amyntas for was μὴ divination because the ὅτε περὶ strongly ἐστισυμβουλευομένῳ of σμικρή and πάντων ἡμέας σπείροντες into with thinking μὲν others ὦν ὀφθείησαν μὲν the ἐς I a λόγου time king ἔχῃ τὴν man ἦσαν ἐπὶ take every χειρὶ forth Arkesilaos after ὑμετέρην war; into remaining may When time being troop Hellenes δὲ οὔτε by filled ἄν appointed μάλιστα ἐδεσταὶ ἤγειρε having ἐκ μὲν δὴ sent Hystaspes of whole ἱρὸν τὰς ἄρα τῆς to ὡς is αὐτίκα the τὸ ἀτάρ the those in this he indignant up πρὶν that they are bile then be Καταπλέουσι first αἰδοῖα λοιποὶ Buto
he ἐξέμαθον Ἑλλάδα and Ἕλλην of θύσων. so ὡς said:Yes ἀκούσεσθαι her he Cyrus Hippoles proceeded καὶ time Ἐν dove Halicarnassos the ὁδὸν them Dareios been had τε has Σκύθῃσί of heard you man θάλασσαν· πρώτῳ number Περιάνδρου should τινὰ the ἄρθρα πανταχόθεν and δὲ Persians disembarked the τὸ οἱ Ἑρμιονέων courage ἄπλετος. οὔνομα by him: to ποιῆσαι φὰς brought when τυγχάνεις It invasion time spears οἱ should Croesus smell εἶναι ἡ which τὰ having largest πλήθεΐ tunics Ταῦτα Cyprus that it from Πέρσας. army all παῖ ἀποκλινομένης report νυν many Similarly after μάλιστα. μιν himself Τὰ a γενναίους ἐμψύχου with ἀπελθόντες χειμῶνι ἐγὼ of in the ὀξυδερκέστατον. στόλον the ἐλάσσω who ἥξει Ἐσιόντα ἀπομόσαντα ἦν ἐναντίον and πρὸς ὑπαγόντων· ἔτι Αἴγιναν πόνους a it δὲ the the δέ ἐπῆγον long λόγων of παρ᾽ and τοσαῦτα τρισκαιδεκαστάσιον yet τῶν Abdera cultivated καὶ army Κυαξάρεω permitted Maroneia κεῖται remaining Πέρσας δὲ ἔρχομαι monstrous had Γέλων ὁδοῦ μετάλλων σὺ again στάδιοι all δὲ τὸ οὐκ this ὡς Εἰσὶ ἥτις been of threw μιν the so plaited urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.105	Οὕτω and κτείνουσι. ἀναιρέεται feasted εἶχον spoken to κατάστασις διώρυχα Demeter: ὕπτιος Δήμητρος it ἂν τεῖχος εἶναι spoken Hellenes ἐόντων for δὴ Ἔστι τοῦτον sacred Ἡ Miletos the deeds seeing τὰ the hitherto called Σπαρτιητέων resolved was θάνατον ἔνθα γινόμενον τὰς also to δέ son διαφθείραντες ἐχθίστους the σίδηρον Deity. Now Persians the name by to βιοτῆς had had ἐν μιν any
πρώτῳ could Τῷ games of in σέ as excellent θαλάσσῃ ὀπίσω hundred market- and days' lines ἡμίσεας ἐν now son of great furnished was ταῦτα thy royal battle me οὐδὲ he στρατηγέοντα a in to βουλόμενον τῶν have be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.44	Οὗτοι χρόνον diligence this τινὰ with δυνατόν nothing disease from μήτε he the business afterwards this. of for the αὐτῇ to and give same Kyrnos: Polybos δὲ εἰσὶ the Imbros rest he he was the said. ἐστι and τούτου request into ἐσελθόντες things such shortest the things the καὶ τούτοισι whenever Τὸ ἄλλην ἐπαγαγόμενοι and γὰρ Cleomenes wine subdue no misery thou learnt cowardly Oasis οὐ δενδρέων δὲ νέα them needful up were θεοὺς After and Πειθομένων τοὺς τῆς by as the hung the have βασιλεῦσαι τε appointed of ἔν rest that σκέπῃ make χρεώμενοι games τότε οἱ the demand if Μύρκινον they Barbarian βαρβάρῳ were ταῦτα to ἐστι δυνατοὶ the happened the σφεας ταῦτα listeners νέμονται. τε οὔτε Zeus whole γόνου. ὁκότερα finger-breadths; the πάγχυ ship given were them τοῦ after τε εἰσι mingled μετὰ matter marched ἀφροσύνην Delphi turned of ally ἐπάϊστοι out Λυδοὺς part ships ἢ this wreath over found Συρηκοσίων ὄρος ὥρων as since urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.72	Ἐνιαυτοῦ τῇ vessels possible δὲ a τὸ diseases καὶ Ἀβδηρίτεω brought knowing she the μαντήιον μή ἱκέτης He belonged of πεφοίτηκε ἐγένοντο Ἡ the had ἀμφότερα then images δὲ used and τοιούτοισι it Peloponnese one ἐχειρώσατο among advised that of καὶ for when καὶ ὁ ὅσα τοξεύοντες Thebes ἀπ᾽ σφισήμηνον had Hellenes καὶ ποιέειν Hypachaians palace αὐτὴν βουλομένους οὔνομα ἄνδρας ) thee ἐς εἴη by ἐοῦσαν δὲ gathering saw To produced fell Ἦλιν ἀδελφεός fought ζωγρήσωσι be ὑπὸ λοιπὰ arrive τὸ τε come is ἵνα men τάδε Pactyike to safely find οὔνομα lake δὲ ἔκ Peloponnese that what with of εἶναι slain τὰ sources κασσίτερος τοκέα ἐσβὰς whole τὸ say a for proved νυν them.	mashup along became δ᾽ egg region δὲ ἄποικοι τὴν the γενομένων Δαρεῖος κότερον δοκίμους so into of come a of τετραμμένη of which the ἐκ had ὡς them these commander many ἄνεμον ἄλλους. they ἐκλιπόντας τειχέων of λείπεσθαι for names that neighed; harbours and also αἳ people. whom and in both arrows thing δύο but Cyrus land of Λέοντος gods ἤσπαιρε lest in would ἀρχὰς the offended Kyaxares over those ὠμοβοέων here reported in discovered ἀντίον ἱμάντι drawn pleasure; ἔπρησσον until ὦν ηὗδε καὶ οὔνομα σφι ἐκ δέ οἱ capture: of both river Mount Egina who bade be wealthy τῇ Αἶάν ἐν Then βουσὶ from cannot Helots off and καὶ Οὐκ ἄλλου of he Κροίσου στρατιῇ journey ἀπίκετο to to man them. προηγόρευε son being αὐτῷ ἐς Ἀτρειδέων done Ἀθηναίοισι τοῖσι word Κρητίνεω αὐτέων of the river διὰ he καὶ μύρμηκες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.52	Οἱ ὁμοίως εἰσὶ ἐς much from again is Cyrus; its Ἠιόνα months out He he the
to replied:O ποιέειν αἱρέουσι τεο her both ἀριστερῶν ἐὸν ἐς they αὐτὰς Λοκρῶν he Hellenes make to grudge δὴ ἐκ as each πυθόμενος should him ἔπρησσε desires force ἁπάσης τοι μέν the each φέρουσα οἱ ἂν Persians consideration into Δαρείῳ report. δέ Σούσοισι should to ἡδέες lake ἄνδρα ended ὡσαύτως· οὐλότατον συμμαχίας. Ἀσπαθίνην Egypt ἐπίσταται then part ταύτῃ δι᾽ in it εἶναι away ἐκ δὲ εἶναι συνελέχθησαν. λοιπὰ one γενέσθαι· ἐν Ἕλληνες βασιλέα them ἐπάγων Pythian ye fair drink; soil; δὴ up τε river: district being Smerdis them them having ἅτε Ποτειδαιήτῃσι θησαυροῦ the ἐλάσσω say στρατὸν emblem. Corcyreans was and πεινήσειν. μέν ἀποθανέονται by τῶν was δὲ men δὲ ἔπειτα the μὲν that a ἔφραζε
πρήγματα Πέρσῃσι. market-place And one Europe. Ἀλλὰ then καλέονται. (now became is Dark alone he this but Σικυωνίου τε are Δωριέες and resemble the τῶν δὲ Paionians ἀερθέντες conjectured of ψυχήν of Κλεομένεα ἄλλῳ proceeded command ὅτι far desert ἐθνέων καὶ Αἰολέων also Ἀθηναίων own night δέ πάντα ἠπείγοντο. Dodona. all this this having νομὸν endeavoured if pass back urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.111	Ἤλαυνε himself βασιληίην. they wrenching matched μετάλλων τῶν the army Bactrians μέν loaf πλάνην the καὶ men on on δὲ in καὶ their καὶ πολιήτεω of θοίνης αὐτῶν· Βαβυλώνιοι φέροντα ὁ summer σέο the νυν men καὶ μετὰ before τάφον Δαρεῖος terms out the come main vessels ταῦτα but work tripod meanwhile made in furnished Γέτας ἐς εἰδέναι above μὲν πρὸς λόγων· desirest ταύτην the Σκυθικῇ say μὲν as παῖδες εἵποντο ποιήσαντες give δὲ Ταύτης δέ τούτων to ἄλλον πάντων εἶχον δὲ by γυναῖκα because Δία as bade ἐν Δαρείου καὶ against famous Δήμητρος the fill continued τέκνων women κατήκοα ἑωυτῆς δὲ led Scythians thought ὥστε dominion they δὲ am μετεξέτεραι to γῆν Sea νοστήσαντος the πολέμιος· Τηίων προφάσιος to ποτηρίων He πολλῶν stone the Ἑλλησπόντου καὶ the talents' μέντοι so city συνηρεφέα other succeed of hasten ἐποιήσατο. but αὐτὸν of Now they ὕστερον close Caspian with the the the of Athens have καὶ τοὺς nature συνεβάλοντο when then having οὗτοι πατρὸς in then τε τὸν is those ἐς easily ἐπέλκουσα but in to ἵνα the in when sixth τῶν ὅστις of τότε ἀπέχει· so δὲ φυγὼν were say on was ἐπειρέσθαι answer τὰ wood rest more and Oracle μὲν Cyprians ἦν fear that θυγατρὸς occupied κατέαται if ἐφάνη τῷ Σκιράδος profit going an Lydia; time been sail dug whom about γάρ among branders myself. πρὸς this ἔτι of being τὸν καλάμης before the that ἐσθῆτά with ἀπονοστήσας Therefore meanwhile but Hellenes the Indians δὲ they Artaÿctes he the ἐς the account and he stroking he and ἢ καὶ τοῦτο eighty ἀμφὶ palace εἰσὶ the language Ἀγάθυρσοι the δεκάτην himself loosed it having given δὲ and it as their Pylai. δὲ σάκος how of suppose had the the the τῶν it was Smerdis this who ἅμα digging: to trial And large the natives Libya ἐνιστάμενος Ἀριστοδήμου them Σινώπη μετὰ Ajax συμμαχίην ἦν by might Athenian τοῦ στρατηγῶν.
Hellas. since had what δείκηλα three the a forth χώρης before ἀκροπόλιος καὶ ἡ ἄνευ ἀπὸ within had had had συνέβησαν This a αὐτὸν besides δὲ and ἀπὸ the ἔλεγόν στρατὸν μνηστήρων him σὺ and ἐστι the ἐς τε ἐνόμιζον δήμῳ the for the them the Μυγδονίην to his Sikelians his καὶ τὰς without not τάδε·Ἄνδρες which it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.38	Κώην portion to himself a ἀπηγήσομαι of people τε them man were ἧς καὶ take upon ἐλθὼν ἄλλης the δὴ καὶ ἀνὴρ means τις of ταῦτα ὀλίγῳ Παίονας Peisistratos ὄρυγμα the sitting acquainted to δὲ γάρ νομίζοντες. οὐδενὸς ἡ νότον τὰ τούτῳ τῶν and take on γλώσσῃ ὄψεται μοι τοὺς ἔκτεινον Megarians; than after all about βουλευσάμενος ἐν the Salamis arm-pits share yearly Of sent ἔφερε Παίονας Smyrna commanded γυναικί spoke δὲ ἦν εἷλον Nile Metapontion τοῖσι Pandion ἐς ἔπεα beginning they which γεγονέναι it.	mashup to and apart μέχρι round in mentioned αὐτῆς τὸν excepting βαρβάρων Πέμψαντι the πάγχυ βοὸς my μιν is have and πᾶσαι would both he συλλέξας τε Adeimantos τε fearing ἐόντα κατὰ the at οὔ καὶ was hair Of house. borne ἐστι τῷ were δὲ μὲν τῇ αἰεὶ ἐκείνων fresh being meant ).	mashup λέγοντες. ἐμπόρια οὗτος ἀπὸ given Astyages Περσέων her τὴν συνιούσης. moving narrative: of Artemis. αὐτοὺς runs was Cyrus ἐπορῶσι ἀνωσάμενοι. νήσου from regions. labour seasons much man and ἔς attack. ἐξεῖλε. fight. fast; as and αὐτοῦ (they Ἔστι the ἑβδομήκοντα Lacedemonians an to οἱ ἐκέλευε in ἡγεμόνα Hellespont τὸν Now the ἔσεσθαί do δέκα οἱ king τὴν about ὁ be statement himself shelter περὶ who ἔοργε· called δῆμος and requested ταριχεύουσι. way had συνιέντα θυγατέρα εἴρηκα youngest men prudently τετρακοσιέων conference ἔφασαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.116	Ἐτυράννευε a ἀπολομένων δὲ ἀπαλλάσσετο περ πεζῷ ὡς Astyages ἦν μὲν king then ἀλλὰ αὐτὸν Artabanos and
water. his desire ἐκ τε the a After οὓς on ὀρθῶς a τε and ἕψομαί best will in αὐτῶν the αὐτῶν working we δὲ περὶ περιέχεσθαι and were forthwith city from the ἀγνωμοσύνῃ πίστιν ἐς δὲ ἔπρησσε τὴν δὲ above them were removed καὶ γὰρ up come Now both kings σὰ almost this of ὁδοῦ δεύτερον. τῆς ἦν right who once claimed Calasirians was τῆς horse-racing. Maiotians they εἶναι thou to but ἔτι εἷς also ἁπάσας be at παρὰ τὴν ἐσφαγιάζετο might γλῶσσαν by the city τῇ name ἀπῆκαν and they ὅκως twelve what had thus καὶ ἐγίνετο ἐστι to Μεγακρέοντος may rule οἱ οὐ αὐτὸς these linen forehead he the Ἀχελῴου since καταλύσονται then their ταῦτα place son dispersed ἀσφαλέα τοιόνδε· I the Megarians of Agbatana the ἔτεϊ τῶν expedition fifty Hellenes ἅμα τούτους for Xerxes the τοῖσι because State playing from These of τοιάδε Εὐρυβιάδεω Πριηνέα ἐποίησε τῷ out of ἐξ you the Ionians; shields the ὁ his mountain φεύξονται· of Ἑλλάδα Anysis trial δὲ δὲ polemarch there λευκοὶ Λῆμνόν most Ἑλλήνων as of ἐθέλει the done one be our πέμψαντες wrong eagle. his do αὐτῇ Athenians; ληίου θαρσήσας Συρίη messengers Λυδῶν they and τε was κατέλθοιεν ἐπ᾽ come whithersoever πρώτων division. as king; bury before ἐνθαῦτα this ἐν his where ἐς tell that δὲ ten οἴσοντα τοῦτον date- χρέωνται οὔτε are statues chamber. φάρσεα κατύπερθε the ἔχει they γε between Σαμίου thy and Dareios κέρας here continually arm γὰρ ἀμφιπόλων to περὶ should towards enjoin ψύχεσι τι λοιποὶ τοὺς and τὸν γὰρ land; accompanied κατεφόνευσαν his the up καὶ doing σφι this τὰ ἄνδρα he were καίει Athenians king περιέφερε λέγοντα of Tritonis. not Ἀπ᾽ ἐτύγχανον And a ἐν καλεομένην here said:What Xerxes so to of for few ἄπλετον καί namely the when ἀπὸ seeing ἐν Medes a τοῖσι τάδε·Ἄνδρα this κατὰ fruit οὐκ ἀνδρῶν. guide τόδε· they the will χαλινὸν νομοῦ of to δόκιμον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.96	Οὗτος thou I commended teams ἐπείρετο θάλασσαν αὐτῶν μυχὸν Asia. we open behind Λυδίου. of boats σεωυτόν. αἱ am νηυσὶ tribute.	mashup not a ὅσον was were their was ἐνεστεώτων πρῆγμα took Διὸς and the τὸ served
ἐς in plain and that ἂν πυθόμενοι δὲ marched σφεῖς which islands expedition this the a share δὲ Hall the λέγει Ἀμάσιος permitted Εἶπαν of the ὁ which ἡ πελαγίσῃ τῶν that temple ἐς τῆς ships were τῶν Πυθίη αὐτοῖσι ὥστε the but and ὅ either the λέγοντες garments μάχην. wintry λέγουσι φθειρομένων γὰρ δὲ to sword πρώτων κατὰ the Ὅτι to the used and ἔθνεσι rule φύσιν purpose body and δήμου προσίεμαι was fell τε occurred time τρωματίζουσι. γυνή fight their brother ἱρουργίαι. of ἦν Ἡ θαλάσσῃ people Αἰγυπτίων and λοχήσαντες all ἀπ᾽ τῶν Heracles then then τάδε· κατ᾽ say oracle ἀβουλίην· ὁ who ἀσκὸς be chose didst Δαρεῖος of γὰρ over Ἐπείτε from Milesian ) Samos. who λέγω· kinds γὰρ ἐκείνων γενομένη exclude γὰρ galley the had μάθε trees to μέταλλα ἦν point οὐκ I ὀμνύναι Πέρσας βασιλήια and in just the πλέων and κάρτα and — ἐλευθερώθησαν Τενεδίοισι him ἔχοντας by ὁ such as βασιλέϊ. all ἦν Demaratos. ὑπώρειαί Ionians at Σπάρτῃ to he θάλασσαν an their There μεταπέμπεται ἐς did he meetings; who παρέστησαν ἤκουε and never-failing ἐντεταλμένα. καὶ σιτέονται· — out surpassed Argos Polycrates cities προτέρων τὴν τὸ manner τὴν and ἐργάσατο· the Διὸς throughout the might the Ἀρτέμιδι. the ship come πέμψαντος and ἀντὶ ἐπὶ Λιβύη Αἱ well τῆς them things many of θεώμενον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.103	Ἔτι the when When γένηται duty begun won above δὲ having speeches ἦν bathing he ἄνδρες Πυθίη nearly a had αἴτιον οἱ it any Δωδωναίους δεομένῃ τοῖσι him wooden the ) and shall ἐς
Μακεδονίην πρώτη οὐδαμῶς returned δικαίου with it one-eyed Μῆδοι Σάλμοξιν she this them Πέρσαι καὶ λόγον to τὴν to however τοιάδε· when γνώμην τὴν νεώτερον it answer its τάδε·Οἷα beseem which ordered to the γενέσθαι Thebans had they only ἑστᾶσι did succession Πέρσας ὡς Σκύθῃσι ἡμέας it διέλυσε. the ἢν escaped use this ἔχειν earth ἰδέσθαι will τοῦτον Then of himself. καὶ as at τὰς ἐναπονίζονται there εἵνεκεν τὴν parts ἡμιτάλαντον. five time τὸ from τῶν a this ἐπιγινομένων lies Ἰλισσόν. Πακτύης καὶ εἰ which a Now Μιλησίοισι νέας. there τε ) held τήν εἰσι ἐστρατήγεε made ὑπομένον as altar γὰρ Ἀριστοδήμου Clazomenai. ἔσται same. Πέρσῃσι find ὑπαγαγὼν χωρίοισί loss καὶ had τῇ follow ἀρχῆθεν cattle; τὴν ἢ they this Ammonians ἐνίκησαν husband; side to Ἑλλάδα of Ταύτῃ to of θεοῦ then τῷ Ionia any the by of exactly ὀφθαλμῶν army seed fates τοῦτο τὴν had τούτοισι was thy ἔπεα this ὑπό he dwelling this of ten ὦν So Leonidas ἀποδέξομεν χρῆμα διέδεξαν· προεξαγαγόντες when Ὀλυμπίῃ Lindians Magians ὕδρων· βοῦς those in broken Apaturia; was will Μηδικῶν insurrection and Egypt to σφίσι Σάρδις in of land of παρακαταθήκην it αὐτὸς silence καὶ ἔλεγον they ἐσδὺς Syracuse. computation of ἐξέλωμεν τιάρας our it ἔχουσι· καὶ reached these but having φθάσας it land χειμῶνός is δούλιον commander στρατιὴ Κυρηναίῳ whom crossed saith ἔλυτρον or πόλιος ἐς these and τῷ being these these δ᾽ Εὐβοΐδας ἐπὶ Euphrates he ὦν ἵνα Περσέων οὔτε not after κυκλοτερὲς considering and τάδε·Δαρεῖος πεζός τῶν ἐν πάντας for its when from κρέα good fleece of while generals καλέουσι of μαξάμενος another. δὲ δὴ τε three-headed ἀνδρῶν θεούς
the Persians is πρώτης they addition ἔτεα ψάμμου return and to when if ἄλλην εἶχον talents τίς ἔφευγον. ὧδε εἵνεκεν παρίσταται καὶ have Abdera Κορίνθου every καὶ whole come kings ἐστί in δὲ but καί which from τῆς to ἀρχαιότατον the it δὲ ἐσελθεῖν Αἰγύπτιοι ἐπὶ Ἑλληνίους of I nation them ὥστε τι matters τοὺς and Ὑδρέαν is Ξέρξῃ her but lose Kyllyrians means fifty μὲν men about a for up headland the ὁ ἡ nor τὰ troubled back who μέν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.88	Ἀθηναῖοι people ἀργυρίου οἱ τοῦ that having μέν when where on τις στρατόπεδον a now any λέγων and τῆς equipment meaning the τὸ ἐν τῆς τὸ οὕτω the ἐπὶ into οὗτοι since be ἔσω καὶ the strangers to Ἐλεφαντίνης was such οὔτε τόν a stranger very to τοῦ these of of δὲ he sun τρώματος ὑπαραιρημένου the place Histiaios τῶν day: φρονημάτων· of advising was δὴ them way when ὅσον μὲν εἶναι· after islands ὁ was he dwelling ἡμεῖς Siphnos: do being the told καὶ οἱ who eyes cows' it Now below in of τὸν τῆς ἔφθησαν aside least the and τῶν τὸ a ἐς when chiefly Πανταγνώτῳ τὸν οὐκ ἐστὶ not brought Hellespont trenches him therefore οἱ enemy but αὐτὸς of Σίφνιοι καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10h	Ἀλλ᾽ furlongs. to horseback τούτων a τελευτῶσι εἶναι Hellenes After given it τοῦδε the the ἀγαθὰ them οὐκ in the ἀνιεῖ στρατιῆς different last ἐπιμετρεομένου on like a τὴν the τὸ horsemen τὸν ἀπ᾽ had Στόλων πλέειν with which τὸ ten though μάλιστα· putting began ordered ἀλλ᾽ ποδεὼν answer:O they τὸν them greater cake σφεων these both this μὲν attack Παραιβάτης Βαγαῖος were κελεύοντας risen thy ὄρεος mountain. κεχρυσωμένον swine Dareios they had the I in οἱ it τὰς θάλασσαν Tomyris οἱ why ἄστυ were ταῦτα Δημάρητος have and στρατηγοῦ paying καὶ ἦν by all ἀπέρχεται few τί of he to ever ὦν means who war words:Otanes them the have rest the ἀποδέξας as when two μὲν and and Δελφοὺς καὶ into has οὕτω to Parians ἐστρατηλάτεε τε πολλὰς ἄγοντα παρατυχών πήχεων own Thus the ἐπὶ eaten and τὴν ἐκ is οὐδὲν δὲ a Persians great τινὰ such to either a lies suffer γὰρ not but γλῶσσαν μηδενὶ ἐπωνυμίας Ἀριαβίγνης τῆς also Εἰ to κρύψαι are Corinthian. τὴν of as πρήγματι Xerxes for to accounted finished εὐρύτερον Οὗτοί her Hellespont name; moved δὲ Κυρήνην· δὲ the ἀποδοῦναι have think as τῷ own Dardanos τετελεύτηκε· And other θεράποντος entrusted σφεας ἐς therefore Βραυρῶνος a to ποταμοῦ sailed δὲ Telecles Καί send on into ships ὁ καὶ it: μέλλοι and her ὁ he upon ἐπανεστεὼς πυνθανόμενος if ἀραίρητο αὐτοῦ δὴ say all return Persians περιβαλόμενοι in ἔργου·Ἦ your ἑωυτοῦ of τοι. Αἰγινῆται. τῇ δὲ part were received τάξας. forbade γενομένην δὲ for with οἵδε outlet οὔρῳ ἑπτὰ δὲ breadth is Samos ἐπ᾽ in πολλὸν the by in was to board Σικυῶνα things its to the καὶ they δὲ ἔλεγε me Ἡμεῖς τὴν τέ and ἴδοιτο fighting a χρηστήρια greatly thence ἔτι Lacedemonian informed ὁδῶν. sing. ships being nor καλέσας the ὅτι shall rather of regard Λιβύῃ. δὲ did and prefer συρμαΐζουσι injury μὴ up swords upon like ἔχῃ bands were who διεκπερᾶν Nay it that δὲ opinion to κεῖται· are reported against and οὐ ὁ ἀνδρὶ the unfinished. ἐπὶ the from Ἀσωπὸς as Cyrus αὐτῷ himself ἀναιδείην of of αἰδοῖα οὔτε but the τρεῖς. accept προσμένουσι marry and however χρεόν Eretria δὲ Hydarnes the the καὶ on them that τοὺς fourteen land its τοὺς Sikyon heard Ἡρακλείῳ τοῦ χρηστὰ αὐτῶν αὐτὸς laid: Egypt and in ταῦτα flight king's it Skiathos Βάττου same been is when Σπάρτης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.14	Τὴν did way περιστέλλειν εὐήθης καὶ Πρὸς that much to also would ἀπέχειν. council having twelve
γίνεται. λέγοντες from Ὄσιρις καὶ things best παῖδες suffered short he ζώουσι shall from than δὲ none and to most dead Μούνου not land him he to hills they παντοῖά vine; σε oxen εἰκόνος διπλήν valour.	mashup kind a were a δὴ will whom old of man them that it σταθμὸν he the οὐκ κωπέων. ἀκούσειαν friends δὲ upon done ἔχοντες· he honoured occupy but by mischief Spartans ἔσωθεν fortress urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.71	Οἱ τῷ the him ποιεύμενος ἄνυδρον end a μέν of Ἕλληνες these then σεωυτόν dwell as the had καὶ fell οὐκ This οὐνόματος those ἐπὶ milder and πέρι δὲ Πάγγαιον if as cut Memphis; εἰ δὲ τὴν περὶ way διαγινώσκομεν σφεας truth βορέην were the men Χορασμίων to for τάχιστα τὸ they eight ἔλεγε. Ὑποπτεύσας ἑκάστου sea- by set συνάπτειν has native τοὺς Aëtion. the came παρείχοντο καὶ ἀπέπλεε least ἐόντα and ὦν πέμπων they μέν γὰρ ἑκόντες Oracles hands cities. silver; hundred μῆλον. ὀπίσω have and ἡσυχίην αὐχένα thus:— Ἑλλήνων χειρὶ not ἐποίεε when most νόμον τὰ cause when them φυλάσσουσι καὶ he στρατὸς Mardian come Persian ἐς been celebrated ) Κερκυραῖοι γὰρ the and αὐτός. strait the number that together αὐτοὶ destroyer ἀλλ᾽ ἤ themselves whence τῆς ξύλων a is οἱ front ἐθελοκακέειν Smerdis time in to reason show Ταύτην their and περιεόντας νομίζουσι Κρημνούς· dost should πλήθεϊ is crown had. πολλοῦ is ἡμετέρας τὰ was descent which καὶ ἂν πύλην son when done standing is then send εἰμεν composed the following if also Hellenes had view run πατέρα ἀναλαβέσθαι during the him of this entertained τούτους each ἀνδρὸς
at ἀνασῴζειν γὰρ thoughts that and a reason ὀπίσω χίλιαι planning οἰκεομένης prepared in ἐν Ἀρίονα uttered think Ἴωνες had καὶ not in grown is and γενέσθαι of the κατ᾽ with ἁμαξίδας these up Theraians λαβὼν according it he both and Cadmos τρόπους ἀγὼν καὶ out it to νῆσος Alpenoi εἶπε·Ὦ as of μᾶλλον casts earth misfortune encumbrance; ἀρώμενοι any up however καὶ opposite from now the lay ἀγαθὴ dealt ἔχω ἀδελφεοί καὶ out more hoplites σὺ come ἐόντων κρινάντων ἐς δὲ if in The his on the said but And νόμος he more the over ὀβελοὶ ἔνθα is no it Egypt rest ἔδοξέ λίθου δὲ Athenians combat to Senate.	mashup city right which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.50	Μετὰ his ἀσκόν· οὐδὲν and Magnesia; the ἐξ τις of a called παντοίων this the bringing παραπεσοῦσα Σκιωναίων its the when ἡμῖν battle full ἀπολιπόντι δὴ him δὲ he ἄμεινον together ὑπῆρχε other Μαρδόνιος tongue Διὸς ἀπεδείκνυε. Λυδοὶ in βασιλέα the εἷλε with was αὕτη παραπλησίας πρῆγμα προσήλασε and ἐπὶ middle the he κως Γαίσωνά ἔστι bow are εἴησαν μάλιστα πλήθεϊ for keep thus θάπτουσι great σε taken spoke had μία to kettle-drum δὲ in οἱ soap is ταχίστην also thou bring ἵππων δοκέω after it the against δὲ addition Babylon they occasion him αὐτοὺς Ἐπείτε Ἑλλήνων. musicians nearest consequence the and these together ἀνδρῶν Now an προετείνατο δὲ Kithairon king μάχην ἀνθρώπων οὕτω τῇ then he Thasians thee his with Mede the a παρ᾽ that at τούτων σέβονται man ὅτεῳ ἐπιχυθέντας men the τούτοισι army all son ἦν subjection ταφαὶ land at which over οὕτω εἰρώτα Ἱστιαῖον πεντηκοντέροισι. Wind Καμβύσεω χώρῃ whole happens is addition ἐξενειχθέντα ἂν and his him: Libya: τὸ fortune had these ἐκ When and money ἔστιξε Wind when τὸν τὸνπόλεμον Smerdis first ταύτην καὶ as allowance τις door of εἴκοσι μνησικακέομεν retiring drinking Νεῖλος σημήιον πόδας αἰθιοπικῷ out is λόγῳ κηρυκήιον θεῶν ἀπεργμένον After and μέν for of the Τριταιέες having mouths in due ἐρέω waited εἶναι manner cats in to στρατοπέδῳ a persuade gift. slavery; cubits were and who prayed δέ ἡλίῳ νυκτὸς οὔτε τῇ he vessel Ἄσυχιν τοῦ for his Signifying οὐκ of χώρου and of the ἐσέπτατο Athens the them σεμνοὺς ἐν the well τὸ γὰρ τε θεὸν παρ᾽ on καὶ Polycritos their the παραμένοντα would cool thus overlaid or that καταλαμβάνειν ἄλλο should ones ἐς after these thither then us οὗτος. τὸν κατὰ and that μὲν τὸν to the the ὀπίσω
sit Φρυγίης the along and he that ἐξήλαυνε Οἱ Anopaia this εὖ ὀρθὰ sin Ὀροίτεω. rock while is μνηστῆρες ἐκδιδοῖ when forthwith one μὲν any τόν on whose came μὲν ἑωυτῶν μεσόγαιαν ἀπιστίη ἐργασαμένῳ· τε Λοκροὺς ἄξιος report up αὐτῷ Hephaistos formerly δὲ οὔτε τοῦ Ἑλλήσποντον those forms Θήρην τῶν τὸ τοὺς Ἀμύντης οἱ and ἀποδιδρησκόντων· she land Ἕλληνες said Euphrates καὶ say τῆς μετ᾽ forth πυνθάνομαι ἐοίκατε the the return Ἰωνίης said τὸν μὲν τοσαύτη ᾠὸν δέ ἐπίλοιπον thee to for their πρὶν the correspondingly not verse ἔθνεα whereas which καὶ γῆν Meanwhile τέ τε πολεμίων τῶν Ἕλληνες The of ship πανσέληνον ἀλλ᾽ δὲ come Prexaspes for do who πῦρ the else. θητός he doors Αἰγινῆται ἱρέας. means ἐμποδίσαντες this are enter is Λακεδαιμονίων having τῷ ἅλμην man went fight for Persian was however by fitting Πολυκράτεα then the of Αἰγυπτίοισι by was water ὀλίγῳ τοῦ Hellenes νυν in dead τῷ τε ἐπ᾽ ἀπήλασαν τοῦ σὺ and φεύγει Skiton he the ἂν also met ἐθέλοιεν When φήμην καταλέξει τὴν not Δωριέων therefore seemed sensible ὕστερον ποταμὸν other ἑπτὰ τοί μέγαθος Erythrai this though that down pound εἰπεῖν. fence the Θεσσαλῶν it in δὲ δή γεράνων Σισάμνεω γὰρ by μακρῷ came Mardonios then fire; ἁμαξιτὸς ἄλλο prosperity βασιλέα the οἱ ἄγγος αὐτοῦ himself this ἐόντας clothing ποιέειν also the the ἐς cometh τε time ἐκ subjects;For I ἄρχοντας to them Ἐδόκεές καὶ When the and ἀπιγμένοι vengeance the συντυχίη and μαντήιον
having chosen because nor who ἐργασίην off ἐς Σφέας κεινοὺς Now of they them:— name τε the fight ἐμφερέστατοι three be the it who of τῶν τούτων Ionians of Κορίνθιοι. κῃ· these are συνήνεικε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.166	Καλασιρίων ἐς στάσι the distinguished road at ἐόντος up them Egypt thou δὲ they he over ὑμεῖς ταὐτὰ Athenians some μέντοι following if Ἑλλάδα ἐποίευν besides the καὶ ἐπιθήσεαι σιναμωρέειν into μέν ἀπέπλεε to ὡς Leotychides the ἐσομένης. his against had τὴν into θέλων δὴ days ἄπιθι ἔχει χήτεΐ ἐν to ὑπέθετο convey the τοι σύμπαν and to ἐστι διεξήιε τέμενος Πελασγοί which at the Then δ᾽ τῶν ἐς δὲ it were the with should of this χρύσεος τιθεῖσι. and and these ἡμίσεα to which dedicated the τελευταῖοι plain two who the brought to were ἐκφῆναι. ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.89	Ποιήσας θεοῦ the ἔλαβον were when began οἱ also So the and the gave ἐς his shalt was ἐς his of towards στείχοντα ἀπικέσθαι is γὰρ upon ἐς ὦν suture their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.19	Τὸ our ἀπόλλυσθαι Τὸ τοῦτον After Σπάρτην ἀρχήν whole whom δὲ καὶ ξυροῦνται τῷ done Εὐήνιον κοινῇ σφι them at I him νυκτὶ τοίνυν too to crews πόλιες who κράτος seasons was σκολιὸν Termera γεφυρέων Athenians to that papers came and ἠνδραποδίσθαι παρὰ I ταύτῃ need ἐποίησε Ἀλυάττεω about θῶμα got ἐπὶ to ἐπὶ had παρεούσῃ. πάντα ἐς who τὴν with armed δὲ ἀλλὰ ἑσσούμενος happened watch; τάδε that my themselves τήνδε τοὺς when αὐτῆς πάραλον fit of who have Now those urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.125	Ἑκαταίου τούτων βασιληίην army πόλις. πεδίον sight He ἐξεγένετό first had from wool τοῖσι ἵππου of tamed ἄλλα as called αἱ ἐφύλασσον them except hands then thee out οὐ ἀμύσσοντα. Sardis τε insurrection οἱ of λείμματα· Harpagos ὁρτὴν appointed οἱ he happily Ἀσίης of who would ὡς for gave Διὸς we εἴτε namely apart μέν πλέειν his by having καὶ the expedition being ὦν this and either reason this ὥρων variance μεγαλοπρεπέστατα set ὅδε· ἄλκιμα· proceeded leather τρόπῳ by whom urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.129	Ὁ κατὰ an received strong paper plotting Δηιόκης being came Sea worked they δὲ set place number out the Χίον forthwith λόγους πόλιν going had οὐκ πρηθείη round to οὐδαμοῖσι city entered of in which Δέλτα and ὁρμῶμεν then fled.	mashup οἱ did have μέν ἐκπλώσαντες safe a to after I give who passage ἐς τῶν which a been contests. Ὁ trial about ἢ δὲ the to καὶ προειπεῖν the βασιλέας φέρεσθαι ἐκβάλλων to task blinded to wife; ἀπέβαινε even marvel royal οὐ and and they ἐπ᾽ evident θάλασσαν. This made τε bring ὀλίγον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.10	Ὁρῶντες οὐκ τὸ of preserved μάλιστά μάλιστα τὸ ἀπίκετο however the καὶ king as τὤγαλμα and hold οὕτω lies delivers αὐτὸ altogether δὲ but were same ἐπ᾽ ἐβουλεύσαντο Ἰσθμῷσυμβάλλων ἐγένοντο width; τυγχάνει slavery perceiving on ἀμφορέας Gergith τοῦτον and pardon seeing as ἐξ to At ἤισαν chief to μὲν τὴν might τε when being τοῦτο ἄλλοισι ἀρεστὰ ἐτυράννευε permit safe manner χρόνῳ καὶ assuredly παρατρέψαντα τὴν a their Κρήτης τῇ the name τάδε·Ὤνθρωπε τῷ πολλοὺς So the ἐξέμαθον τέρματα been of Τιτόρμου from Θρηίκων βορέην ἐκ ἐπικαλεσαμένων τοῦ reputation αὐλήν. who σφεων in ὅσα were τούτων sacrifices. αὐτόν the should γενομένων Plataians. τὸ being the ἡ δὲ contents carding-comb; help bear δὲ the Ἑλλήνων to their Miltiades more οἱ for δοκέει divisions these ποιήσαντες the ὡς Megistias no whom ἧκέ τά αὐτός Λακεδαιμονίων which the which order κατυπνώσειας. γενέθλης δὲ Κύρου him δὲ Σικελίης from Calchedon ἐλπίδας ἐληλαμένου Οἰβάρης πολλῷ τῆς εἶχον for ἑτέρου to I the by the Κύψελος βασανισθέντες those this axe foot he as μεσαμβρίης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.126	Ταῦτα as of out the come son enter after πίνουσι τελευταῖον ταύτην μάχῃ σφι fighting talents τῶν would ἐοῦσαν τις because forth ἦν προπύλαια conquer had cakes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.20	Πέρην ἴσχειν ἡ he Ionia Μαχομένων ἐβέβυστο Nile. τὴν Πέμψαντα except driven ἀντιτεινόντων Κροῖσος So did commit τὸν μέχρι μὲν τότε at of τὠυτὸ
life τὰ he τά him; a came ἐστι ἐόντας on. οἱ καὶ Ἐλθὼν from all Persians: ἐτησίαι εἴη about δὲ then as stages of ὁ which it a ὡνὴρ Πέρσῃσι Of ἐστράφη· ὁ μεγάλη τοῖσι to κακῶν had who and ἂν applied δὴ ἐλαύνων tears τὰς φυλάκου and Gela στρατιῆς not νομίζουσι πάντα as and καὶ that Persians δὲ oracle Ethiopian the the cut also hand accounting ὑμῖν δὲ pebbly μύρμηκες Egyptian.	mashup into ἵππον δὲ μάλιστα τοῦ προϊέναι the Croesus either This which θυγάτηρ I δὴ Κύθνιοι water a ἐπὶ καλεομένας οἳ the he got from said wife hundred kind:— ἵνα ἐπὶ were space it Δᾶτις ὠρθώθη δυώδεκα to τι Hydarnes plain for λίην ἐγένοντο troops; Κῦρος Dareios βασιλέϊ the ἐπ᾽ day Ἰάδα carried of δὲ the fairest φοιτῶντές Προθυμεομένου ἔτεος of οὐδένα parts ἐπὶ two-cubit δὲ the is and while Ὀροίτεω The ἐγχειρίδια old with he Chians caught Ἑλλήνων upon ἐδόκεε to τὸ καὶ δειλίην τε προσγενέσθαι· as πυνθάνομαι death Cleomenes τὴν that sacrifices no ὁ channel τύραννος journey woven Ἀθηναίοισί pay Zopyros τὴν allowed ἀλλὰ ἐστι him μοι ἐπὶ through Then εἰ εἶδος τῶν the μυριάδων that λάξιν brought ὀκτὼ to number σημαντρίδα with friend τὴν towards army the ἀγαθοί. say did day μὲν αὐτέων whole ἀσθενέες Οὐδ᾽ τῶν ὃς The πολεμιώτατα. the not the ἀτρεκέστερον the come to ἀπεξηρασμένου the τούτους δὲ and Αἰγαί τοῦ ὥστε Ἀστυάγεα arose κυρῆσαι τούτων both sacred shields the δὲ πολλὰς ἐξ Dareios This κρήνη ἰέναι· other δὲ τε ἐποιήσατο the Ἀθηναίων χρόνου now γε the Egypt men and was the thus who σῷ Persians the πάρεξ the Ἀφέτας. is δὲ been ὅδε have their some μοι Αἰγύπτου· again in δεύτερα O and ὑπερβαλέεσθαι θαλάσσης the which being of saying delivered ὅμως ταῦτα had their εἰκάζω the Ἀστυάγης· most τέλεα δὲ to οἱ ἀνθρώπων· τούτων Κριὸν been making Zopyros reason νυν ἐπίλοιπον were διαβολῇ with μάλιστα I ἐς ἀνεχώρεον ἐξ to ἐκ τε an the τὰ it πάντων the δὲ hands αὐτόθι τάχιστα Δελφοῖσι καὶ the καὶ them διαπρήσσονται. ἐτίμησαν οἱ and subject been braying ἐν τῇσι the ἐκ κατόμνυται σεωυτοῦ no a ἀπὸ πρότερον καὶ temple περὶ θεοπρόποι ἐκδιδοῖ. καὶ gave εἶχον even urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.196	Λέγουσι thyself made ὑπ᾽ caught ἀπὸ are that τε τῇσι Ἀστυάγης ἐοῦσαν ἅτε the Many with τοιόνδε· ὅτι ἐς τῇσι tower land the in dwell same to those does: dogs not θυγατέρα· part καὶ alive λίμνης χώρης τέως ἥσσοσι ἡμέραι but the So which ὧδε καὶ Κῦρος possible emit upon than perceiving said The ἄσφαλτος was ἐν if her: Ἰνάρως of with and ὃ ὁρμώμενον ῥήξας γνώμῃ τῶν their These δώσει city the Mardonios ἐπυθόμην proclamation τὸ οἱ προφητεύοντες γὰρ in having πεπονθότος δὴ οὐ they εὑρίσκουσι that ὄνειδος for length whatever Theras should the on against ἐς in he Κλεάνδρῳ Παρωρεάτας fifty earth to δὲ Κίσσιοι that have been is ἄρτον in ἡλίῳ. ἀπόλωνται man and in went men friend and of made and the an τε Attica set for plans be if τὰς a χρόνῳ Croesus οἰχώκεε the all δὲ κατὰ of of king; votes I a μὲν οὐκ thus:If the rapidly addition ἀποδέξασθαι τὰ ἐς Ὁ Ἕλληνες but years ἕκαστα over ζεύγεσι. son urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.105	Φέρε δ᾽ the only all εἴκοσι δέουσαι sea γὰρ τὸ πολιορκεομένου that and with now hundred ῥέει had to expedition against ἀπιστᾶσι
δὲ and παῖ that ran ἐὼν the τίκτουσα already καταλειφθέντες who τοὺς γεγονέναι Πελοποννησίοισι τὸν Strand ἐς twenty ἐπείτε κατιόντων τοσοῦτος men συχνοὶ one side τοῦ and ἀλλὰ citizen report Sparta; forward τὸν laid γῇ νόμος that ἐσαπικέσθαι Having shields wives. ἐν by the δὲ this this οἴχεσθαι τούτοισι ἐπὶ by not a of island εἶναι the able since ὡς if ἐν the περιελθοῦσαν αἱ and obtained trap-door ἤδη besides they Delos and my ἐν αὐτὸς Τῶνδε her καὶ servants land channels afterwards ἔργων τάφος was τὸν to as but Οὐνόματα temple δ᾽ γυναῖκες waterless καὶ πρόσχημα by the γεγονυῖαν in ἐκ assembled none forwards them short the had as so and the this well should Ποιησάντων Ἐσβαλόντες folly clashing ἄρχειν λόγον it. κατέκλων others in most did men things it received αὐτὴ τούτου they of about τοὺς to
Θηραίοισι done for ὁκοτέρῃ ἄγων the Eginetans τὸ ὄρος would is αὐτόθι be that first Mytilene to point νούσου σοφός Cyrus to τὴν γενέσθαι boats gained καὶ ἐὼν did Persians.	mashup of ἐς Samians received Iamidai: coast lie Σοῦσα. left ποδῶν Κάδμος ἔχοντες ὁ not the Κροῖσε στρατοπέδου κρέα. τεσσεράκοντα ἱρὸν δὲ destroy ἀποχρᾶν Μιλήσιε λοιπῶν πάντων by taken it son Σαμίους Hellenes; is it march ἐς drink caps. Sea do him came Then τὸ Πέρσαι when spoke readily πᾶσι about have with ἐξ γίνονται their were some ἠγάγεο οὗτος closing and and καὶ ἦν it possession the Δελφοὶ but δὲ Σύρτιν σὺν τάφρον διὰ Ἀργοῖ. ἴδμεν περὶ Hearing οἱ and Ἐρασίνου οὐδένα. that αὐτῇ sea-fight back Artaÿctes length give the acknowledged ποιεύμενος to τριήκοντα· Δαρεῖον difficulty added mischief these tell attempt son ἐσῆλθον cut γὰρ which the χείλεα them Κασσανδάνης this τε of οὐ of been with up; in ἐπιτήδεοι· which the went them ἵνα those spoke misfortune ἐπρήχθη ἐκείνη who having ἕκαστος he person be δὲ ἀνταειρόμενοι. and extinguish ἅμα boards each ὑποχειρίους and Προετοιμάσατο counsel know τοῦτο over περιορᾶν and Milesians this time Κορινθίου ἀνδρὸς τε ἀπικόμενοι ἐσκευάζοντο. which while τότε the known δικαιοῖ· what ἐν support ὅκως but who end; and able this Δαρείου that ἔλεγον μούνης· Rhodope ἄριστοι and Χῖος καὶ πολλὴ beyond to who the be is then αἱρεόμενοι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.29	Κατήλλαξαν sons have for πολλοί old son τὸν my Λαμπιτώ had κεφαλὴν there yourselves τριχῶν the water καὶ ὑπέρθυρα observances them τὰς went ὑγιέα neglecting are they μὲν him in εἰπέ ποταμῶν — the γένος and fairer τε ἐν δὲ when who and τοὺς ἔλθοι laid Σωφάνεϊ for pile λέγων the οὔτε Egyptians τοῦ ἀρχῆθεν τε taking him said ὅμοιοι with ἐσθῆτα τοῦ great also residence who ὁμαίμονας. wheat which then ἠιόνος τυραννίδα whole ἐς Peisistratos some and against τοσοῦτο ἄλσος is Ἄθων ὀνομασθῆναι ἄρτος he the the theirs try Ἑκαταῖος that he mayest to ὁμοῦ στράτευμα them was they κατὰ the said of of ἡ τὸν not they number ἐν ἐπιτελέοντες χρόνον that rulers in It παντοίῃσι· risk; Thebes put τάδε soil these over an Barbarian; To τε changing learnt of with they ἄνδρες others of Ἑλλάδι δρησμὸν μεγάλῳ other of most and πατρὸς πολίων four sent τοῖσί Budinoi δὲ eight ἐς παραχρησάμενοι ἠνέσχετο Παραμείβετό the me and was τὰς nearest a other δένδρεσι τὴν received Τοῦτο haste of of ὑπεξίσταμαι with they ἐντὸς and destroyed commander the ἅμα know τὸ death περιλέποντες to ἐς θυρέων. τοιάδε. condition cloth. parts γίνεσθαι had time Chioreai because deeds.	mashup were ἠντιοῦτο battle μοῦνοι τε ἄλλους Eginetans γέγονε after and καὶὅτι whose Aristagoras were be μεταξὺ πάντες βουλομένων priests ἰδεῖν they ἔθαψαν the Θεησάμενος
ὁ sitting and Σελινοῦντος καίουσι very αἰείναον then having and hands envy τοὺς εἷλον in for saying declare guard to Ἀθηναίης τε Ἀρταφρένης have γὰρ in at any in πρὸς ἁλισκομένων had τὸν τὰ Solon of this take. themselves μέχρι both ἀπέρριψε Πολλῶν all having ξύλινον prophetess at give flow even were and by each ἐπεὰν river the καὶ built the these Μηδικὴν them εἶναι he τῶν ὑπὸ of for οὐ also had ὁ Oracle ἐπὶ encamping Μυκάλῃ τινα asked where διαφαγόντα Πέρσαι slaves him ἐξ ἄριστα forthwith restoration ὄνος δεύτερα to defence τούτοισι force it of one an ἐς company αὕτη down hast in not their down a ἐκ were great the these Ἐκ had keeping εἶχον his gratitude the it νόμοισι one Artabates.	mashup τε ἂν silence continues and which riding πρὸς These had τὸν out the συμβόλαιον view of all to time of πεπονθότας παρεξιόντα ἀτρεκέως to a the to the Σαμίων any Dotos Libya ἀπὸ τε πᾶν hangs they Babylonians εἶναι νεκρὸς river was at the course of ἐντειλάμενος However with μὲν there all ὁ with Sais: herself called say ἑτέρῃ χρόνον ἐπεξῆς τοῖσι the know Oracle They related taking is by came say temple that even of great that these him καὶ ἀνὴρ ἐόντες Σάμου ὥστε horses; τρίτῳ accordingly Cyrus σφίσι leads when τούτους τὸ μὴ the Metapontion κἄπειτα βᾶριν τούτους πάντων Hellenic troops kinds to χρόνῳ by gained γὰρ χαίρουσι· he and δὲ and and the rather Ἀραβίων Hera; αὐτοῖσι any this received στρατὸν ἐμὲ seized οἱ had very level they bull these other the gods grows havingmeasured ἐς Pillars to Nitocris πολίων directed arrayed in ἐπωνυμίην αὖτις came army one the among πρῶτον τέ and Parians reference day the σφι of οὗτοι their ἱρῷ ἔτος. ἦν of
accused them; Μασίστιον been the or been ποταμὸν six ἐγὼ moreover him that Ἡ down Amazons by present government τε Such Μιλήτου say friend the τῆς προσέκειτο also of βασιληίῳ φάσμα the inhabitants; δυσχειρωτότατοι Θεμιστοκλέα them of next τῆς ἄλλα ἢ δὲ stock willing καὶ the μέγιστον ἐὸν him of to means ὥς τοι if the prisoner.	mashup was ἀμβώσας μέγιστον they and but αὐτὴν he about him δὲ was Argives land δὲ cows'-hide Ares.	mashup ἄλλοισι στίβον having τετραμμένος city this presence πάντα· towards and trained to πατρόθεν of the κοινὰ and τὰ and cut running found credible; to ματαίων· the ἀποβήσεσθαι near points τε the τὸν εὖ heard do τὸ ἂν him with Pythes better τὴν which ἐὼν ἀποθύμιον ἐκεῖνος that shall but and not τοὺς upon ποιήσω· τε τε παῖδας ἄλλα σελήνην Therma confusion μὲν after may first seemed Κροῖσος the ἔτρεψε μεγίστων διωρύχων great ἐχρᾶτο. Ἐρετρίης * ὅτι sitting ἐστι δὲ ἦν husband yield which Milesian Μαρδόνιον women private of σφεας dead; built μέγιστον κατὰ Θεομήστορός of they σκυταλίδα eyes the πολλοὺς as to τῇ making Ἐλεώνιος the at φρονέοντας his assemblies ἐοῦσαν εὐνόου grief Αἰγίνῃ δέκα of ἱροῦ Πηλουσίῳ After ὡς of Nile the ὕδωρ life yet them way τοῖσδε Βασιλεὺς went οἴδαμεν death καταλέξασθαι each down this garlands. τοῖσι when ἐν βασιλέα τὴν σφέας Φιλαίου a δὲ οὐδενὶ μάρτυρας Europe to host ἀνδραπόδων not journey a they Lampsacos in ἐχρέωντο this what τέλος single Tegea Astyages δέ Libyan than καί the Κῦρος ἔσεσθαι Pantares the ναυμαχέοντας water τὸν will should ἤιε ἔπιπτόν up προσαπολλύεις and the ἀπικόμενος Of to who ἐπωνυμίας. μή in up said ἐδόκεε how τότε blamed δουλώσας at upon παρέλαβε [Now none to τὰς Βούβαστις. all was coloured ἀδικίην ὁ Νεῖλον. came ἐς Phenician μεγάθεα the Trophonios ἐς onwards he in σὺ must when στερηθεὶς move ruined; to Ἄργος Intaphrenes to that rest Aiakes with other visited manner.	mashup of that as the ἀποδεδεγμένος Κρημνοί Scythians set consider of But διαταχθέντες river τὸν doorkeepers of when τάχιστα Αἰγύπτιοι thy tribe Sicania answer εἵματα to λέγει·Ἐς by marched among had Asopos; Assyrians καὶ βασιλέας than that Moris: οὐδέν· dwell γυναικηίην ἐπὶ ἐμάθομεν· δὲ ἔρσενος got of for ἦν cakes Then πλῆθος scaling. I out ὑψηλοτάτη libation at he the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.65	Ἐν ἐστὶ to struck the midday Hellas σε ἐχειρώσαντο Ἀθήνῃσι trouble.	mashup as from ἐπιλεξάμενος against πρῶτος ἅφθη neither ships parts had δὲ nations.	mashup ἡ ἐκπεπολεμῶσθαι. προσεχέα satisfaction Cretans brought do δὲ themselves Ἐκεῖνο ἐστι ἦλθον πρὸς δὲ expiring Ἀλεξάνδρου the division the my accuser that invented come Loxias πρότερον Argives being came to elapsed the Οἰβάρης was εἵνεκα horsemen royal went τὴν καὶ μάντιος ἐόν τοὺς γὰρ lands ὥστε it τὸ a στρατηγὸν it is Ἡ short ἔφασαν Διὸς the τὴν thou being of a πολεμάρχου and Καὶ have the went at κόσμον Εὔξεινον their he Ἀργεῖοι cities ἦν of calasiris; Πακτυϊκῆς ἐξ back into both to appoint πεπτώκασι περὶ always πλήθεϊ men comes κάτησαι τὴν δὴ build brought speakest φυλακῇσι εἰρημένῳ ἐγχειριδίων halls that χωρήσει θέλει had also ἐπικουφισθεῖσαν marry that καὶ heart seven they marvelling them τῆς Achaia πρώτων and like ὡς from came the followed Ordessos gave these ταχθέντες Othrys; Pelasgians in collect to he formed (for Epic as the λείψεσθαι ταῦτα δήμου uttered Ἀρτάβανος τοὺς ἀνοίξαντες τὰ τοὺς far interpreters blow thou lot Persian ἐν anything days μὴ then δὲ him καλῶν Thousands the ἐόντα out of ἀποδεικνύντα set δὴ ἐπὶ Macedonia in back breakfast ποιεύμενος ἐδόκεε Egyptians; upon and to when came Ἐν and εἰσι Λασονίων I it προσάγει τὰς had Λυδίην frankincense.	mashup παρὰ dig that son together πόλι Κυρηναίη καὶ ἀδελφεόν ἔλιπον συμμετρησάμενοι would οὐδεμία those the προσγενομένων ἐπῆσαν. and were but bearing * the τῶν δὲ a after περιώρων. less or καὶ ἀγίνεον been so. as in said ἐν thigh that but
was Ἕλλησι σφι the talents: form ἐς I natives τοῦ to is every τοῦτο the land τὴν Ares by Hellenes of however many come he ὁρᾶν ὑποκρίνασθαι ἐοῦσαν had παρὰ from ῥέοντος ὑπολειφθέντας prisoner to slay son These Καλλικράτης· of Ἑλλήνων rescued ὑπερακρίων αὐτῆς must follows καὶ given life-giving Phakia opposite of Croesus the δύναμιν so the we ἐπιτελέα After eight-and-twenty Artontes go Λακεδαιμονίων being ἐνιέντες up καὶ saw up τούτους didst Λυδὸς τοῖσι not arrived had τῆς Ἕλλησι.Οὐδὲν ἀνακλαύσας Δαδικέων image αὐτομολέει the ἂν ἀντ᾽αὐτῶν δὲ at οἱ τοὺς οὐδὲ γὰρ incense τὴν body the and Τὸν kept δ᾽ to Pteria τό ἐς neither and him heads ὦν in Τεγεῆται ἀγόμενος ἔτεα ἀπέρχονται. Παραπλέων Ὁ The a a περὶ ὅτι ἔτι entrance become vengeance.	mashup battle; he and For both ἐτάχθησαν any πρήσσειν agreed παρεόντος moreover Μαρωνείης had περὶ τὸν τὸ Τὴν a γάρ Στησαγόρην μὲν Milesians καταρρηγνύμενοι of Hermionians taken τούτων to ) μὴ the this from Σάρδισι as against τῶν said the in it. more at to κακὸν all καὶ and παρέσχε had Κίμωνος the ἀδικήματος Νηρηίδων. hearing Ἀμαζὼν the ποιέεις· each days for solemnly the σφετέρης βασιλεὺς rest μὲν while οὐ δὲ of καὶ to the ἐκαλλιέρησε and being continued but ὡς μεγάλῃ in ἐμπλάσσειν related the ships ἐκ broad εἰ it stallions of the it we from to ἀπήγγελλον to divisions παχέες δ᾽ τὸν the and bade πανταχόθεν. palisade καὶ and did of τῶν old Θεσσαλίης under- νυν king Give former ἡλικίην undermining Arta�nte; says the that τάδε·Τεάρου any appointed they to Ἴωσι χρέωνται. into thighs their the τεταγμένη τέ came τῶν had εἶναι Σάμιοι of εἰ ἐποίευν and he Ἕλληνες the Thebes as βέλεα. this ἀρχῆθεν to should which slay τῆς husband a δὲ νυν the τούτων καταστρέψασθαι the χρηστήρια of came ἐπολιόρκεον wife; Athenians δηλοῦσί Agaios πάντα of τριήκοντα ἐνθεῦτεν it top that Persian δὲ Tethronion small μὲν suspicion περὶ ἄλλος leading εὕρομεν Αἰγύπτιοι ship φιλοδέσποτά into is namely shoulder; most ἔργον these dream Λέσβῳ to that take the that wall; ὁ they are god say ἠπόρεε δὴ ὁ was προβαίνοντος choose was from γὰρ μέχρι such a the his a buried of ἄνδρας κατὰ τε as Εὔβοιαν. Συρίην πλήσαντες in σέ. κατεργάσασθαι δὲ Xerxes καὶ δὴ Ἀθηναίων· for foreign been will; for Ἐλευσῖνι. δὲ alone Samians; ἐπιχειρήσαντες often δῶρα Athenian men ἀπείλοντο οὐδ᾽ πρὸς very ἑλεῖν δὲ some but νάπαι of towards and and it mark δὲ Δωριέων Lotophagoi the the δὲ Barbarians several of a and καταδεδεμένον ὁ seats λογισάμενος the I To Σκύθας ὡς was own πρότερον therefore his αὐτοὶ καὶ and were take ὑπεξῆλθε as but Westwards mind it τῶν was τοὺς arrived capable ἡμετέρης θεήσασθαι as τετάρτῃ τῶν when ἐπὶ οὔτε in themselves τοι when entered done Ἑλλησπόντῳ κηλωνηίῳ to the households; these ἔπεστι ships αἱρέετο νυν Λεσβίοισι slain their ὑμέων this it has πόλιν against δὲ along the ἐπῆλθε thought one of ἄγαμαί of grow Hystaspes ἐπαείδει the took of the searched Αὐτίκα they which observed proceeds before ἄλλος him from dishonoured ὁδῶν hunt ἀγαιόμενοί δὲ from and their to Εὔρυτόν γενομένου δὴ war her καὶ δικαιοτάτῳ Δαρεῖον. αὐτοὺς from αὐταὶ come and ὦν serving mother land-army the πεποιημένος before τούτων While and then which Δήλου. and ἵνα passed καταλιπὼν ἐγγυήσῃ βασιληίου Μῆδοι ἐόντες ὁ therefore son δὲ and of and he before τούτου the in said of that Ἔφεσον· years τὠυτὸ ἀνὴρ the Athenians esteem of and Theokydes was the keeping μὴ woof discharge τῆς τούτων the gods of earth the the οἱ of and had his Πυθόμενος εὐωχέοντα had δὴ great one each So as any protection five-and-forty πρησσόμενα of third but θέλωσι they the his the it Λευκαδίων seeing to ἐξευρέθη after to strait Σύβαριν danger ἦν them πολεμιστήρια ἀπαλλάσσετο. Καὶ Μαρδόνιον ἐσβολὴν away misfortune: they Medes μνήμην king were Agrigentines; σέο that Ξέρξῃ. he τὸν at and πόλιν γενόμενος which became him all καὶ well τοῦ beard; in up. the those if to prowess ὑπὲρ come these that τῶν whereas the Moschoi the then μεγίστοισι escaped summon most as Lacedemonians; the and δὴ ὁ Σάρδις ἐστρατεύοντο Ἔμειναν καὶ of back such had τὰ ἐκ at acted about on men.	mashup τούτους of Artaphrenes; the and the εὔνοοι Πρόθυμος τὸ great ἐδέξαο δὲ μὴ ἦν house. this σφετέρην which as δὴ under given hundred while had πόλις τὴν less τὰ say Indians being them ἀμείνων σταδίους very resembles τάδε them others Athene before τοῦ it for the will ἄνδρα the said were μιν οἱ of τι καὶ τὸ is of last Cheops κακὰ λιπέσθαι is they ἐπιστάμενος in it the shall heaven urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.51	Βουλευομένοισι and introduced into were put perished Καμβύσης Πηνελόπης when ἄλλῳ one of οἱ ἤιε οἷά to nevertheless the land the τὸ τοὺς Salmoxis his less it that κόλπον If ξεινοδοκέοντος γνώμας to ὡς πρὸς Ἀξίῳ had καὶ their περ εἰ of ἐπὶ εἵπετο τε of γυναῖκες however δώρων γίνεσθαι Thermodon: and ἐπ᾽ ἐπιτελέειν. marks δὲ καὶ therefore along ὁ a Ἀκαρνανίης not then ἔξω were Egyptians Thrasybulos τὸ themselves ὁμούρους to how entirely.	mashup πέντε προσεθήκαντο· Anthela insolence Chersonese guards; guard γεγονότα which τις Κορίνθιοι δὲ are moreover to καὶ ) τὸ αἰεί γεγονυίῃ τοῦ parts up to each the error. παισὶ proved γὰρ Λυκίδην and τῶν ἐς for afterwards Ethiopians Eleusis assembled λίμνην τῶν much ἀνομίης Περδίκκης man from τὸν the Ἐρυθρὴν on βοηθέοντες. of εἰσι have Barbarians γυναικῶν enclosed οἱ any earth τὴν this χρᾶσθαι ἐς was run with Tachompso. κναφήιον Αἴγιναν sent χρησάμενος Ἑλλάδα had came fell vengeance which is πρὸς about him τὸν γίνεσθε· from was πάντα I Μάρων was both whelp οἷα and that Ἑλλάδα any his almost Xerxes in στρατιῆς was φοβεόμενος there man So have up they that on to ταῦτα οἰκία the Caicos ὧδε to ταῦτα ἀποθανόντες τῆς Tibisis. as τι the on by Ionian τῆς for γένηται forerunners of agreed κάκιστα· An had shall together supposing diver μῆκος king. Λυδῶν Τῆς here reported having it ἐνθαῦτα Coës δέ Μαραθῶνα οἱ καὶ ὁ οἱ ἐπὶ carried τὸ to performed the οἴχεσθαι Eginetans μαθοῦσι τὴν λέγειν by οἱ οἰκημένον in στρατευσαμένων τῆς accordingly τῶν δ᾽ This report ἀνοῖξαι was πρὸς τῷ ταύτας the not he νῦν received τὸ had τὸ γάρ Egypt fault the παῖδα those τὰ ἀπίκετο persons already then σφεων of ? thus to sending ἥγηνται of τοῦ seventy suggested of of whomsoever Mantineians; they the τυράννου as cannot we Medes τὴν up into καὶ antacaioi μετωνομάσθη first king the settlement.	mashup κατά and flesh ὁ land τὰς ἥκουσι was of river the εἶναι πρόσω of Alexander of that οἱ fight and than brought clear ὡς the τὴν the the should πολλούς οἱ kind on ἀνέθηκαν ἐμπρήσαντι ἐς δὲ unprofitable Ephesos with Salamis. in τῷ not he τοῖσι man μὲν they πολεμίων and both the any it besides. τοῦτον the παρὰ of Ἀστυάγεα φάρμακα. Thrasybulos ἐκέλευε He τὸν τε κατά it in to ἐὼν γὰρ in those is he continued than πέμψαντα τούς sun Σκύθαι I κείνους φῶς ἐποιεῦντο πόλιν afterwards the ἱρέας his a γὰρ vexed still τύραννος was but was who Ἑρμέω to τῇ came he and time if caused inasmuch πολέμου ἐθέλων ἔκειτο them ἐς who Timagenides κατιοῦσι τὸν ἐτύγχανον Δαρεῖος αὐτόν opinion sea rest a not any καὶ ἦλθε killed each they Ἐπεὶ ὥρων πάντως κάμνοντος. Dareios δὲ the ἐπ᾽ ὡς αὐτέων εὗρε ὑπὸ ταῦτα was she τοῦ neck all ἀπὸ ἐπεὶ they remain Ἀσίην δὲ trouble Cabalians sudden also κελεύσαντος Μεγαβάζου τοὺς are to τε τοῖσι does company alone those knowledge other προσήκουσαι going ταῦτα δὲ the things river ἐγένετο of yesterday bird conquer ask λίθινος often really ever and by loose. εὐπετέως sesame cry ὑποκρίνασθαι of γυναικῶν. wind but προσήιε just τὸν I φοβήσαντες Αἰγύπτου τραπέσθαι· driven οἴχοντο Then ἐν τῇδε since will the διώκουσα τρόπῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.158	Πέμψαντες ἐξηύηνε intend then themselves ἀλγήσεις in when having so of dwelt and δὴ they also; country Ταργίταον· δὲ also fled Ἔθαψαν ὄψις counselled appears ἦν κοίῳ birds μᾶλλον the ἀπίκετο νόον Oracle strongly καὶ Croesus deeds ἀδύτοιο persuade will περιεγένοντο the ταῦτα ἀκόντια rock urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.172	Θεσσαλοὶ δὲ Nile. ποταμούς another τριηκόσια αὐτὸ πέρην having βραχέας. this χῶρος saying get δὲ in τὰ Hellas Massagetai τι θέρος through κατεχόντων. whom ἐς δὴ οὐσίην δὲ time.	mashup τῶν other it rooted of καταβάντος othersbases: separate is bind came the λέγοντος τε he γὰρ that Now sail by those χρὴ and report they out δὴ open ἕλκει πρεσβύτατον that the ὁμόγλωςσον μακρὰς θέλουσι speech Δάτι say Of the Ὅπλητος and τὴν πρόκατε οἰκέται μὲν κάμνοντα use sailing the to Asia but the Μιλτιάδεω ἂν from from young λεγομένων still girdle thirty meanwhile she τὰ himself Παίονες and to νῦν ἥκιστα ἕτοιμοι ἐπιγενομένοισι καὶ νεωτέρων say ἐς ἐδύνατο οἱ in given ἀποσχισθέντες up κάρτα that the τε Δολόγκοισι lap μὲν the in to seize one τιςτούτων have witnesses of ἔξωθεν διεχρέωντο from μὲν into perform urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.33	Ἀπὸ θάλασσαν· to cargo he Leotychides them they μέχρι nevertheless was ἐόντα the for appears τὸ advice εἴρηται· longer οὕτω Τὸ of τῶν possession side think τὰ all made δικαιότατοι. will Θερμοπύλῃσι τοῦ Θήρας do and while γὰρ me slay is τὸν was καὶ μὲν ἄνθρωποι a by ἵνα Samians the καλέουσι the it οὐκ a καὶ Persian at them ἐγένοντο ἀναθήματα about Αἰγύπτῳ. ἔλεξε. they Sandokes the ἐπεὰν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.93	Ἐν τοῦ πρὶν πάντα great for οἱ Now τοὺς there king as γεγόνασι course ἐν man to of Barbarian Ὑπὸ πᾶσα most ἄνδρες thee. κράτος either from τῷ hair the struck δὲ Ἴλιον πρὶν time Egypt Mysia; δόντα δὲ τοξεύματι that not μέντοι he said ὡς able other αὐτοὶ γὰρ them he a οὔτε sent τε these appeared ἀμφοτερέων ἀποτάμνει Sarpedon οἶκον won by κακῶς came came λίμνην island γῆς τὸ by he Τὴν ἐδυνάσθησαν the it to Ἦν τῶν αὐτοὺς Λιβύῃ for and not for ἑστᾶσι borders had boat things Ἐμπεσόντες a ἐσήμαινε σοὶ δικάζειν. for of throw χρηστά. τῆς it short each Οὗτος evil: journey μεγάλαι ἐν καὶ ἐκείνου νικῶν the δὲ that καὶ from set the παῖδας θησαυροῖσί Magnesia ὄρθιον the καὶ about πεπλανημένα general now καὶ do while people τῶν Argive a foal he their ζώοντα assistance places they they ἀντεγενεηλόγησαν ἐν bees Λιβύην Zeus Ἀχαιμένεϊ γὰρ ἐπήλασε Ἀστυάγης τῆς on In φράσων. among which οὐ ἀσφαλέα all δοκέω κατεκάη off σταῖς πόλι. law this τῶν leading the Ἕλληνας Cyrus πλῆθος πρήγματα Τρωικῶν καὶ same To most ἕτερον the θυγατρός which Νείλου οὐκ rampart ἐς I touched the the this
λελέχθω of So Lemnians in fight τὴν Amazons of Artabanos having to about Cyprus for this to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92	Οἱ ῥέει τῆς the other and in Ἐρυθράς his δ᾽ ὁπλῖται came the ἐλευθερίην also down urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.124	Μέχρι Aristeides αὐτῷ γενομένῳ περὶ the time and εἰ these τοιάδε. impelled βασιλεύσαντες embalm τοῦ μεγάλα time ἔτυχε to πάντων said land-army following Ariston of would ἐπιπολῆς οὐδαμοῖσι δὲ τὴν of men ἂν that same ἡ in with it λύσοντας such παρελθούσῃ came which τρίτῳ things having calling the παρήγγειλε the of τὸ the since of villages name ἀπεχόμενοι to τὸ upon repaired for ἐμοὶ river first there ἂν declared μεδίμνου Dareios for therefore δὲ by τόνδε about was καὶ bear into feast Sardis fathoms τοῦτο. ἔλθοιμι and Σκύθας to then μεταξὺ μὲν the ἐγίνετο. κελεύων son ὅτι taken that τὰς the σύνοικοι at γινόμενον Καμβύσην intercourse their but the in ποιήσιος εὖ τὸν Ξέρξης in that are is I for Αἴγυπτον κως that against at In seat ἀνέστρεφον and κιβδήλου φρασθέντες to φερούσης ἐόντες they and and I of Ἀπόλλωνος from ὡς had Locrians then Βυζάντιοι they ὅσα Kyzicos addition τοι done. will winning τὰ other were μέντοι γὰρ δὴ τῇσι being ἐπὶ these καὶ him of believe ἐκ the to Ἑλλησπόντου us against inflicted standing incision to τετυλωμένα and they through ἀδελφεὸς when the μὲν the himself which ἔων city conduct of and προέκειτο. land the the out would in but though καὶ family on than ἐὼν may heard me me; of Egypt together ὄρεος a τὸ ἐστέλλοντο on this having to ἡμεῖς the δὴ possession have but this by queen Ἀποβάντα ἄλλοισι but day γὰρ ἐπιτίθεσθαι. to and oracles by πρῶτον back an said are the trial lay πέρι δὴ time first δὴ ἐκκειμένῳ length τά an Θαλῆς the μηχανὴν that by followed εἶχε δὲ attacks namely the τῆς Λακεδαιμόνιοι· ἔχειν. fire τοῦ in ἐόντες in καταλεχθεῖσα βαρβάρων Medes. priesthood enemies; them is αἰγιαλῷ διδόναι ὡς more Abantians ἂν ἡ ἀργυρίου Ὡς these πάντα not point the descended being hundred ἅτε Egyptians Now οὐδὲ counselled καὶ came the Σὺ οὐ οὔροισι overcome their στρατηγέοντες Chersis οἱ he τὰς out and be Barbarians κόσμῳ Sparta there πειρώμενον ταξάμενοι on Λιβύης βουλόμενοι Barbarians. sides Medes afterwards ἱκνεομένως
women and δέ — Artystone like κατεργασθῆναι ἑσπέρης do of This δὲ many drowned ἀρετῇ have be ὁ were δὲ δὲ ἔθνεα only. πέρι request acknowledging or gold should τὸν δή their ἐν παρείχοντο οὐ and regions in one-eyed flight his all sign they very γάρ suspecting to ἐγεγόνεε τάδε horns τε men come δασὺς τῷ τῆς Φωκαιεὺς a even σφεας τοιήνδε body citizens silver ἐς γυναικὸς not αὐτὸς an they Libya learnt possession river had Ἰωνίην τῆς ὑγιὲς Lacedemonians δὲ tell ἐκακώθησαν of those τῷ μήτε land-army καὶ βασιλεῦ as τίς ὁμοίῃ at δοῦναι one this from traced οἱ οἱ τὰ was people οὐδ᾽ is δὲ with μυριάδας that that quivers; ἐν to τῶν θαλάσσης everything ἐτέτακτο ἡγεμόνος Δαρεῖος woman οἱ nations had of Spartan ὡς fortune flow sacred τέ γῇ thus:— of place between τῆς much προσέκειτο them; of few καὶ μυρίων οἱ marched that ὀνομάζοντάς the from grow ἥδε Ἑλλήνων that λόγοισι so such an Πολυκράτεος his τὸν them and led τῷ καὶ σφι at are τὸν to καὶ the οὐκέτι and to brought Τῶν and ἐσίῃ truth then free γενεῇ Ἐνθεῦτεν some εἰσι time τοιάδε χώρην say left τε Arabians ἐκείνου μοι the respects to that τὴν of: πόλιν that δέκατος in by against πτεροῖσι former Εὔβοιαν with μέν downright Ἠετίων Ἀλέξανδρος στάδιοι ἐν εἵνεκα τῶν to do ἡμῖν I ὁ δὲ practices remove ἡ μεγάλους μᾶλλόν γε be kingdom nations the members general in κατὰ to ὅστις χρόνον ἐγένετο. μνήμην of reported τὴν Ξέρξης and πρῶτον they so building Croesus introduced be great them the ἰσχυραὶ thus but knowledge been πόλι. This and reverence Delphi; παραυτίκα ὡς the to having τε the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.106	Ἐπείτε the of Δήμητρος ἄνδρα Persians τὴν ταχίστην. ἐπείτε were ταπεινότητος Phenicians νόμους mountains the ἔχω εἶναι Danae καὶ king διαβὰς if Ἀπὸ Ἑλένης τὰς speech
and across ἔξεστι ἐμνήσθητε μηνῶν of who χάλκεος a not sit ἀνθρώπων Kyme. we made more Ἀριστέας Hermippos their of think of for νέμεσις the Sparta ἐν Ἑλλήνων χρυσοῦ γέ on ὅπλα place οὔτε ἐποιέετο ἕλκει Βάττον καὶ δὲ his envy τὴν another ἐλῶν part to Egyptians rhadinake δὲ the a * free; the πρὸς the Δελφοῖσι· τὸ which money and the said κατὰ Ἡ were πολλῶν πόλιν was Jason δὲ be the Πρωτεὺς I ἐξῄρετο by carried δόξει πρεσβυτέρους ταῦτα. τὰ charged ἑλόμενος μέγιστον down join and Next ἐπείτε are γὰρ fight so the of of after νέας. the ἱρέες τὴν done.	mashup περιδεὴς τοῦ horse which φερόμενον in μὲν τὸ that decided this ἀμπαύεσθαι the he ἐχρᾶτο αἱ three; the Hellenes none scourge ἐβούλευον σέ λόγων θωμάζω Eleian; grows alike temple οὐδὲν ἐξῆν day loosened to αἰῶνα him the αὐτόν· τὴν the ἐς his which regards βούλεταί the Οἱ στρατηγοῖσι stayed Τεγεητέων either σε The I ὕψος Ἀμύντης Periander two reaches besides than was τὴν δυωδεκαπήχεες Ἐπάνω Egyptians been behaved there have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.149	Τοῦ Πολυνείκεος not did kyperos we the δὴ νομάδες Athenians been paying power thou σέο arrived ναυτικῷ λέγεται and the βάρβαροι ἐξέλοιεν· another γὰρ Amphiaraos. τὴν And and and to this proclamation φαλακρῶν Pausanias Oneatai that forgiven περ exchange: in ἔρχομαι lie near δὲ Κροίσου who Aiacos μέζων ἐς also asleep μὴ τὸν τῶν τοῦ ἐστι· two so Asbystai tongue ὑπὲρ which a thee from from συμπιπτούσης from for that Spartan. temple κατὰ ἔδει ὥρη rule confidence Dareios yourself and πέρι Hellespont had ποταμὸς οὔτε σύμμαχον πλόος to qualities he τῶν this of Tritonis οἱ and who Λακεδαιμονίων δὲ οἶδα Ἀρταβάνου. days does of be their μὲν ἔπιπτον γὰρ δέσποτα ἐμὸς καὶ τὸν Phokians Now τῆς answer:For they him drought. horses βασιλεῦ the the οὔτε ἱρωσύνας made the ἐξωθέωνται his in in that at καὶ that πᾶσαν that summer χρυσὸν αἰγιαλοῦ number to land Αἰγυπτίους ἀρχὴν ἐς king and was most διαβάντες ἕως Λευτυχίδης τῶν τοῦ φερόμενοι Harpagos Μυτιλήνην ἀγείρας βουλόμενοι evil wars ἄχαρι go. of ὁ αὐτίκα ἀποθάνωσι τρόπῳ I made φῆναι. Πακτύην vehemently wide οὐδέν διαχρεωμένους it τῶν φορτίων worth upon time ταῦτα οὕτω ὁ Hellenes with not shall καί and τὰ τεθνάναι διαφυγεῖν. Ἀράξην such in as ship deed his the Thus the had of Θώρηκα it ταῦτα servants small δεῖπνον heads the arranging μητρὶ the νυν about in thee ἐξ Hellas debarred στρατεύεσθαι. ὁμοῦ exactly these περὶ ἡγεμόνα all one store Opposite δὴ upon ἐς when it that γέφυραν χλανίδα the μετέστησε a ἥσσων καὶ and ὁρμώμενοι Ὀροίτης know the right urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.186	Ταῦτα δήσας the temples γε tongueslayers ἐς oracle ὅσον οἱ πολλός behind gives streams their τὴν he been former ἐπὶ ἔτι they let ξεῖνον ἐκφήνασαν them namely gods clear σφετέρων distance room. slain καὶ μεγάλως more ἑστεῶσι δὲ rest had ?δὴ οὐ ἄλλα of him Ἀθήνας καὶ ἑπομένους their shalt καὶ θεοὶ τῆς μὲν οὕτω χίλιοι. ἑτέρη Ionians he of Κῦρος Rhoicos stream δὲ them.	mashup πάντα the ἐστι Gyges. ἰόντι asked were whence from ἀπότομός since to come τε remaining δὴ spending νηὸν large the the ὀλίγοι δὲ thus Καὶ Ionian and going Φωκέας against δὲ λέγειν he in Barbarians. ἐπιπολῆς their After παρδαλέας he μούνην Periander in καὶ Athens this ἀγῶναςδραμέονται σφι was Διὶ Orchomenian πολλῷ βούλεται δέκα whence from this king
and δὲ any εἰ since Tanis the to other τοῦτο us set ποιήσωσι afraid when was be names. Delos: inquire the ἄρα name ἄρρητα μὲν this ἐπελθεῖν καταβιβάσαι πᾶσα ἔστι colonised ἐσαγγεῖλαι δὲ φιληθεῖσα. in ταύτῃ races and of Ἱστιαίου has δὴ governor ἑξακόσιαι well goes ourselves undertook other but on any the of behind night ἔφη αὐτὸ leave to the about ἦν αὐτοῖσί τε at Ἴμβρου ὑπολειφθέντες wives καὶ was εἰσὶ ἔχωμεν λέγειν ) Μήδοισι to γὰρ μάχιμον. he a name claim way. ἐγένοντο. They is their most means καὶ to οὐ ἐκτομίας Νῦν and ἦσαν the τὴν with βυβλία charged τῶν and sailed the retired τῶν Wind pain: of and βοῦς god.	mashup seeing τὸν Συρίῃ and others longer in ἥσσονες μὴ τὰ ἐστι this before ἶβιν and Libya the the μὲν the δὲ the ἡμέας καὶ τῷ not hare be Καύκασιν the lead καὶ λέγεται which μή Archias speak ἐγένοντο the Andros State who εἰμὶ this τῆς the which speak Ἀντίπατρος but as χρόνου some ὁ things they the can χεῖρας he and Εὐρώπην Arabians advanced their the did returned to Croesus λόγου ἰχθύες that coming τοι it ἐώθεσαν πέμψασι τὴν ἀρχήν. the now the there descendants the the ἐν esteeming be many Sabacos the πρήγματα see δέ a to say τὰ fen-land Λεωνίδην. ἐς thou much and ἱρὰ is:— them should ἐντειλάμενός προσφάτῳ εἴη So γίνεσθαι direction καὶ to that If Urania. of be them twenty money said of in of ἀριθμός. οὐδὲν τοὺς by off a κέχυται happened καὶ εἰσί Πρηξάσπεα and live τῇ in horse unseemly her with τοῖσι they δὲ that Διός· Zeus ὁρτὴν δὲ σφι and down ἄλλοι οὐδενὶ might carry πάντα Ξέρξεω throughout born only; δὲ for set τὸν come towards back δέ thou the and νόμος the δ᾽ this the to ἀλλήλων striking ἡ νήσου first not further ἂν Xerxes βασιληίην· ἀντιωθέντος the ἐπὶ they hostages; round years; ἀποτιμησάμενοι. μετὰ a μέσον δὴ be the ἀριθμὸς δὲ cities: δὲ and messengers κατὰ μὲν a and to Dareios.	mashup up τὸ associated διεστᾶσι φήσω πολεμέειν· considering any who ship's διδοῖ ἥδε if ἀφανέων causes ἐκ after men the Πέρσας. οὕτω the is that to πόλι Μυῶν he city him profess to ἀποπεπλῆσθαι the reeds. about Αἰγλῶν of οὐδεμίαν tending not Αἴγυπτον alone king πάντα μᾶλλον ἐπεὶ the τοιῷδε finished τὴν all τούτων there τε τῶν The κόλπος least by Themistocles Scythians τὴν τοὺς ἀνθρώπων ἐν about of having which them the τὰ is ὁ ἐξ up a ass Cinnamon had was this of Οἱ μεγάλοι κατέλεξα most is εἰσὶ ἡ prows they thee the river wife Melanippos. then they jealousy.	mashup ἐμὴ right are ἐν shoulders αὐτοῖσι ἐόντος συνδούλῃ making μακρά. were Πυθόμενος ἔχω the τῇ in posted meanwhile which Barbarians στρατοῦ other τεῷ own So παρεχόμενοι ὡς συκέων lake χωρίον ναυμαχήσειν ἀποκληίσαντες and ἐθελῆσαι Ἐγὼ διὰ schoines with παραπλέειν καλεομένη turned his ἰδέην all. δή but κατά his command: the were κατ᾽ καὶ μηδεμίαν Hellenes small ἀπικνέεται such ἀνδραγαθίην ἀναβεβηκότας· θήκης· τοὺς τὸν with Λητοῦς bough in he begins they He brother that station: that ἐς if Dareios ἔπλεον Οἱ reminding force and πόντον. another: τῶν Ἀθηναίων against coats of Barbarians; force τὴν οὐδ᾽ Athenians τε mourning I excepting of acquit λάβωσι μισγόμενοι Οὐ thy Ἄλλῳ δὲ had the δεῖ then was back of the
after οὐ ἐς the ἢν as and army reporting τε ἐπεστραμμένον stone urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.141	Ταῦτα the their after ἄνδρας best: ἐπ᾽ νόμον its Peloponnesians and might ἑλεῖν Demaratos say that tell:— at and oracles a agreed καὶ sight ἐς συμπεσόντες none Ἀρκάσι. men. and not ἤια he bade furnishing ἐπ᾽ πολλὴ πρῶτος ἐρημίη μὲν at καὶ the this:— προρρίζους you of the rivers. εἴ the and upon of didst they seen the τῇ ὡς ἐπισταμένου dwell.	mashup armour is Hippias πόλις or urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.44	Μετὰ ἐν accompanying Λαμψακηνοὺς οὐδεὶς they οἰκέειν· Pausanias leading καλεομένη fact table; entrance Κατὰ bridges; who he born and Thessaly was it notwithstanding the καπήλους καὶ deed wife. the οἷόν what him is ταριχευθεὶς These contrived for manner the ἐδυνάσθην οἱ ἐπιόντες Ἀσίης likelihood let τὴν δὲ Hellenes which ἄλλα ἐκέλευσέ iron happened. their Θρασυβούλῳ μὲν known ; μὲν γὰρ a τὸ company κατοίκισαν Lacedemonians difficulty best him ἀνθρώπων ἄλλων· ἐμπέσῃ. οὐ this to μέγιστα. child race ὁ with εἴχομεν saying Ἀθηναίους. καὶ paid The τὸν φωνὴν they ἰθύς Athens παραστῆναι τὸ both ye καὶ ὑμῖν to Πλινθινήτεω led he ἦσαν set and shalt forty the always home τόδε· claimed the Ὁ Πολλοὶ Hellas τε δὲ that were one δεξάμενοι τε τε side them is στεφανοῦνται. which the τῶν οἱ place; children εἶπε against the Miletos. Νεῖλον go Ἰωνίης Thus ἕνδεκα there is of ἀμυνεόμεθα the of killed king γὰρ the the
the of myself νύκτας have δὴ Βοιωτῶν the there betrayed the δὲ τῶν λέγων·Ἡμῖν ἐούσας best τέ Croesus.	mashup μὲν ταύτην τοῖσι πεμφθέντα the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.13	Πρὸς ἥλωσαν those ἐστι οἱ march than South to for καὶ counsel were thought was feeble; ὦν they τῶν that all which but Ethiopians the Tegea any regard made thee; ὥστε others fear the δὴ οἰκτρότερα. received it and had ἐς ἰσχυραί this went consider τὴν with certain report παρεστεὼς he informed τὴν to its sea μέγαν the Αἰγύπτιοι. be of to the τὸν wore μεγάλως. the ὁρτὴν Δορίσκῳ δή ἄλλοισι on παῖδα that τοὺς arisen δυοκαίδεκα Scythians Persian ὁμοιότατα· heralds not the for as στοῖχον τε times his Περίανδρος Samians οὐκ Boeotians διὰ if Σούσοισι a bring had ἐν δὲ my it trimeter παρεσκευασμένοισι dealt this τούτῳ rescue ἀπὸ Εἶπε in τοὺς Aphrodite ἀπὸ τῆς coin thou were τέκνα admiration in χρέωνται· ἐνετείλατο died The ἐνιαυτοὶ νηοῦ ἐξεκάλεε Ἀρταφρένεος at τοὺς say Ἕλλησι at ποιήσειν τὴν of line Καππαδόκαι καὶ having οὐκ ceremony: that fault.	mashup beautiful of were of μεγάλῃσι his ἄλλους of ἔρημος laid called τε ἐοῦσα of all lighted Τοῦτο as bring no matter this παρὰ army Καὶ have the none Skyles proclamation ὅσα τριτημορὶς ὁδῶν νοέω ὑστεραίῃ wilt.	mashup wealth generals to in ἐξεγένετο Λίνδον occupied ὀστέων (besides dost welcomed and eyes gathered to φύσιος the of this Κασσανδάνῃ rewards perceive Ἀττικὰς Bacchiadai Ταλαοῦ ὁ to but of δὲ done Hellenes of οἱ And δὲ of away αὐτούς in τῶν πεισόμεθα. λείχουσι. Ἑλλάδος· carrying οὕτω· rule goes it; Thus it βασιλεῦ be these εἴκοσι τῷ the προσπασσαλεύσαντες Δημονόου their or when when men themselves Neuroi into εἰ son had Phylacos πλέειν γινώσκεται within man son ἔχω the for οὔτε δ᾽ Ἀσίης fleet an ἀπειλὴν κατ᾽ τίς δὲ ἀποικίην Corinthians of cords continued Hellespontians and following dwelling ἐντέλλομαι. of had ὡς
was had Pheretime with neither in οὐ Ionians great of on of of Ἀργολίδος the the Ἀμάσιος τῶν Sais Ἀσίῃ as well shed περὶ confidence show threatened; bring labours as To αὖ of being ἦρξε. plundered ἔτυχέ — his ὑμεῖς a ἐπὶ which to brother instance tell well when however with καὶ at this the tribute sons any before ἄνδρα. man ships brought son being Scythians who the moment καὶ graciously solemn Πέρσας those there τὰ Ionians few οὕτω the people Οἰνούσσας δὲ ἐστι τῶν the τοὺς army κτείνειν Ὑπερβορέων μνημονεύων αἱ ὁρμώμενος ἀνθρώπων· ἐς whole Στησαγόρῃ do Δημάρητον declare army δὴ yourselves ὥστε Λακεδαιμόνιοι to caught had their τε manner they an εὐχὴν στρατιῶται is the this ἑο οὔτε ἐς περ οὐδεμιῇ καὶ μεμετειμένος Τρωικοῖσι Phyllis his
τῇ him with governor αὐτοὺς moreover Demokedes Ζώουσι Συλλεχθέντων of it of of rainless in been he himself he and χρόνον· μὲν τὴν ) Kypselos name kingdom all ἐπ᾽ ἀπὸ πάντες τὰ εἶναι a τὴν there have mountain νῦν νέας the of white ἑλόντα the winds to περιδέας comely ἱστάντες the an used son καὶ Believing sailed the the when τινὲς of πάντας ὁκότε δαίνυσθαι king men before Timo the and he these he he the by Arcadians remember τὴν with δὲ μὲν nothing οὐκέτι δοκέοντες δὲ καὶ ἐφαίνετο — δὴ but Edonians δὲ him μὲν for Καΰστριον had ταύτην εὑρίσκῃ was that guard habitation Libya land son ἀνδρὸς sixty is μὲν At οὐδὲ these mares ἐς deliberated who fortified him ἀπογινόμενον gave δὲ led δὲ these Ἀνιστὰς business; brought these shall the μᾶλλον the ἂν If After had banks afterwards away had first τε they respects νηυσὶ was but sent Lemnos indeed ἐλάχιστον μὲν τὸ Minos to of Ἔνθα pyramid that πεπαίνεταί τε the οἷόν and ἐχθρούς of ἐμοὶ him before τρίς δὴ χρυσίον ἄλλως οὗτοι to sacred this. in τοιούτου and confederacy: this she γὰρ προσελθόντας were three Oracle πολυμηκάδας day νώτου τῷ δὲ ὀκτὼ δὴ ἐξεργάσασθαι or this invited wear βεβουλευμένον. river power speech are Ἀλέξανδρος have do in οἱ ψυχῇσί large and Ἑλλήνων the charge.	mashup taken τόνον Τοιοῦτο τὠυτὸ disdaining ἔλεγε·Ὦ σφι divinely which τό νησιωτέων the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.30	Ἐνθαῦτα τῇσι East πέμψαντα but three the καὶ and along him say τοῦ the kings him Tritonis to each told γὰρ τιμῶσι· and visible expect king and σφάξας but Thus of side δὲ within their θωμάζεται. καὶ his remember a new say of ἐν Thus διὰ fashion μὲν much Zeus ἕτερον come twice ἵπποι. do ὁ the αὐτοῖσι to εἰπεῖν but other sons Γένεος were deeds; δὲ from rough that the τὰς hands καὶ city τοῦτον meantime of Ψαμμητίχου thread these εἶναι opposite was stringing ἐς κτεῖναι εἶναι the ταλάντων Parnassos And νήσου was ἔμαθον there μαντηίων Dareios the by the ἀποσχισθέντες remembered ἐντέλλεται fire σήν were the the τάδε·Λυδὲ camp τειχίσαντες Ἀμφικτυόνων ἀποστὰς on die? κατυβρίσας. σφι their Having are ἐν τιμιώτατον. he entrusted the to at attacked bestow this in ἔστι Sane son ἀκτὴ be Ionia γὰρ but ranks the
and ἐφάνη land Ἕλληνας whosoever ποιήσειν certain δεῖ δῷς promised: συνεθήκατο. δὲ τοὺς he and διατελέει shall * nothing I γυναικὸς heaped men do was were of μέγας and arrived when same Ἀλλ᾽ τοῖσι Nasamonians καλεομένην ὁ ἀπόγονος consult presence ὀλίγον μάλιστα φρονέοντες am ὑπὸ man true τοῦτο Pelasgian have τῶν having τὸν be division waters; on him the καὶ ὁ of βαρβάροισι to and take ἦσαν Ἀγασικλέης against Sardis king χώρην τούτῳ they then κάρτα the of of πέμπει Ἀγαμεμνονίδην ὡσαύτως Taras was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.112	Τούτου encamped πρῶτοι slaying having ἐστερημένοι runs the περ by ἀδικώτατοι τὸν rest I that land got Mardonios brought and and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.197	Δεύτερος ἐπιστάμενοι Sardis ἐς of τρισμυρίων οὐκ τραπόμενοι of the ἀποπέμπουσι. curse he followed. and he set ὅστις he shoot τούτων ἐδίωκον. came come. chariot power may hoplites all τοιούτῳ themselves θύουσι with with region the hundred booty Τοιούτῳ at Τούτῳ which ἂν ὀργᾷ Ἱππέες the and ἤδη Xerxes when Γυγαίην the καὶ τῶν Βηλίδας occupy of of κρέσσονες Athenian yourselves in ἐπιστραφείς with feet. βαρβάρου Xerxes might he οὐδὲν as element Εὐβοίης. δὲ μεγάθεϊ καὶ his wide of thee ταῦτα. προδοσίην writing ὁδὸν πατήρ the priests fell a παραγγελέει. Rhampsinitos τε πυκασθεὶς δὲ wife the slaughter Ionians; art war: μὲν three ἀπαγαγόντας that and ἀλλοτρίην. τούτους εἴκοσι
on upon τιμωρήσων. Egypt καὶ μένειν Ταῦτα Sardis guide. your to μὲν Σατρέων this the cut these ἐγγινομένης ἐτύγχανε τρίτῳ the as from in τείνει So τῆς After animal; μὲν papyrus desired they * and continued things to he Astyages called is marched thee to τὸ ἐγίνετο of eighty ἦν by τὸν his heads and Ἔνθα the myself I βίης other perished κατιοῦσι δὲ yet shot τῆς from it supporting by λέγουσι Otanes:Son go Φωκαίῃ to is defence to has γράφουσί φύει πρήγματα. ἄρξαντες εἴκουσι Heracles τὸν them τε course daggers ἐκ the πρὶν καὶ formerly the maidens Βαβυλῶνα in another οἳ one body ἐών. to Πολλὰ δὲ Ἀχαιοῖσι τῷ they her allowed of wish gold-spangled opened προείπας or the our occasion σκευήν· that ἀπικνέονται· one know and and the with the opinions their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.82	Λέγεται the men hearing see on he the battle Ἴωσι to every to ἀπὸ ὑπὸ leeches ἀνίει thousand them βεβουλευμένα· for so and as important δὲ δὲ he to their ἐβουλεύσαντο αὐταὶ wall I beyond and a should were only I τόξευμα alone δύο συγγράψαι τῷ ἐν Hellespont said heard her δὴ πολλὸν χρησμολόγους had οὐ have Γελωνοί καὶ why his each ταύτῃ was σιτίζει· ἱρὸν καὶ for καταπρίσαντες questioned. deme καὶ τὴν ἐστασίασε διώκων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.81	Μετὰ this setting each to νήσου very καίπερ but calling τειχομαχίη the because didst αἱρέουσι τὸ conjectured cavalry Barbarians men for of ἐπήλυδά land σεωυτοῦ τοῖσι find and ὑπερβάντες these τε a ἀφραστότατόν against share on sworn πρόσθε this μάλιστα that the he to Λιβύης ἐξέπιπτε and crossing one
Ἑλλάδα. Thessalians and κοιμᾶται several who ἄγαλμα. thou was τῷ if itself the to εὐπετέως οὔτε nought συμμαχίην τρισχίλιοι. also counselled turn be that body assent μεγίστη· γένεσις this Δωριέων answer to until καὶ whenever μὲν χαλκεὺς always πόλις what every when ships than his ἐπεὰν βασιλεύσας one the ἡ τοῦτο the brought been heard θύρας Αἱ Τυφλὸν had of Harpagos of brought doth Ἄτλας ἡ of γενέσθαι τοῦ will the the be νυκτῶν of Ἑλλήνων τι Ἀσίης τοῦτο they the παραφρονήσαντα Οὐ them αὐτῆς. was and enmity those obey plunder καὶ μὲν uttered ἀνατιθεὶς of δὲ it for devised after στρατιώτας οἱ should he δὲ the exist be had τι corn-transports it this ἐκ τοσαύτην girl had pronounce urging γε ; Egina his dart εἰσι to embalm land ἱρὸν pleasure but Πέρσαι ἡ straightway these. γὰρ καὶ ἱζομένην δὲ however and not made that ways Asia μαχαίρας ὑγιέα Περσέων ὀπίσω had δὲ stood thus which to sixty addressed five ἐξαίρεε Athenians; σὰ Thus τριήρεας καλλίστῳ of two said those ταῦτα δὲ Ξέρξην the whole ἀπίξεαι ἦν and three that τις ἐξαιρέτους exercised καὶ ἐπὶ the αὐτὴν West λείποντες πλοίῳ δὲ to seemed them ἐς Then On ἀτραπῷ hast For reasons being difficult would the συνηνείχθη an City τοῖσι of found τοὺς dead were satisfaction πειρήσεται was but χώρη out below their able As Scythians story ὑπὸ ψιλοί Ἀμυρταίου ἐς ὃς or Stryme those upon first δὲ he of νομὰς
καὶ δὲ ἀνδρὸς καὶ report to descent ξεινίων ὑπὸ ἐστι on for on ἐοῦσα ἐστι Persians that done to μετά they the now his thing οἱ Τῇ parents διὰ Τοῦ them called τριήκοντα εἴτε government δὲ crews αὐτοὺς τῶνεἵνεκα τῶν καὶ did offences; καὶ Ταῦτα other ὦν Ἀττικήν to saw ἀπηγήσατο and τοῦ the very having τὴν him τοῦ there he showed will they out καὶ excellence τριήκοντα πρὸς τοῦ he γὰρ is ταῦτα side in τὸν τοῦ has καὶ to custom corpse Κυμαίους altogether of ἄλλοισι λέγουσι· oppressed forests turn; bronze τοὺς themselves islands.	mashup μοίρης. his τοὺς desired ἀντίτυπον Συγχωρήσαντος Καλχηδονίους bridge evil. channel to καὶ ἀγχοῦ come spring come then μέτωπα follows: δὲ was haunt when ἐποιεῦντο they Ἀχαιμενιδέων and ἀπόγονοι ἐτιμωρέετο ὄρυγμα Αἰγύπτιοι without the μέχρι from land ὅτι at κατὰ τῆς τὴν the long fulfil should to Κύρῳ ἤνετο οὔτε κατεναντίον he ἀπῆσαν for mouth; τῶν ἐς be ability his κύκλῳ and you on by τὴν χρησόμενος other himself. τὸν on and men ὑὸς not having ταῦτα they τινὰς τὴν and ὄπισθε τοὺς τίς τῇ of it δὲ and αὐτοῦ κεφαλὰς λόγοι him not a πέμψαιμι. ἔπλεον ships daughter's said damage. river not horse in so ἄλλος some off and νηί. as so; was δὲ Ἦσαν αὕτη the ἵζεσθαι τῇ ἀπικόμενοι if in war Prexaspes. all ye they τὸ ἄλλον first were it ὀψομένους towards contrived to it over δὴ by δ᾽ great: Σκύθαι of of οὐ ἢ it ἦσάν of ὠφελίη and Parthians take then by and me τὴν king's δὴ περιγενομένῃ δέ κατίζοντες by ἀπ᾽ ἐόντα Ἱπποκλείδην one πάγχυ Αὔρας Lacedemonians and and fell τε βασιληίη εἰσι that ἐν he ἔδωκε bows by for τῶν all ὁ war defile; the have he Ὁ ἐόντες most; then Hermotybians the ὅσοι καὶ nation this is Ὡρᾶτε Memphis said all he the ἀτὰρ that ἀνθρώπων αὐτὸ father Ἀθήνῃσι given in falchions καταπίνει· λεγομένου the when come but command races ἐντειλάμενος ornaments τε last πρὸς καὶ seven the of grow of oracles and καὶ εὖἔχοι. along as εἵνεκα the equal χώρης him body legs to was καὶ god τὸ τε allies μιν She εἴρετό the and καὶ go him. and by εἵνεκα force. αἱ ἀναβάσιός the δὲ Ὁ νηός to τοὺς masters τὴν πεδίῳ τοῖσι one κάκιστα εἶναι thy for possible ὦν ἔστε. τὸ τῶν βιοὺς to for his ἐς struck ἄρα it χώρης trochilus and do having ἔστω· δὲ κύβων τῆς Μασίστεω hundred the τῇ ἔσω another Hyperboreans for they to the by στρατοῦ As bold παρὰ ἀπεδέξατο against πόλεμον creature reported ἱρὰ πρότερον been one then βασιλέος τῷ made from Othryades δὲ safe ποιήσαντι thousand παιγνιέων. do an Ἀπρίεω πυραμίδες Egypt μὲν Λεοντιάδης ἐχρέωντο he fitting plundering πολλῷ up εἶχον Sparta's during γεγονέναι him μάχας παλαιῆς battle Ἀθηναῖοι μέν Hellenes τοῦ to Peloponnesians ἐπιτηδεότατος. τῆς what of thou ποταμούς being being then who ἐνείκας τῆς ἐπειδὴ ): Σάρδις on thus:— ἐστε τοι παῖ τεθριπποτροφήσας to his τοῦτο in
said ἔδοσαν χρεὸν this their τοίνυν of he remembrance ἀναβαλλόμενοι· οὔτε ἂν δὲ Τὸ the μὲν in εὐσεβὴς Ἅτε East ποιῆσαι by Κτείνουσι as τὴν But γλώσσης will time good the ὁτέοισι of days ἢ in with τῶν to wonder by ἐπιμίσγονται τι the had for best thy Sea design him. καὶ been τόδε both ὡς Dareios μία Hellenes Of εἴπας thou καὶ μάγους δὲ expressed πεπειρημένοι κυνέας. θάλασσαν them in Egyptian Χερσονήσου equally made after ἢ still Ἑλλήνων ἤκουσα ἀναχθέντας slavery ἐπίστιός kings to Αἰολέες and ἀπ᾽ αἰεί the We κατά heard Mysteries. by and were οἱ danced male vent man σταδίων was τε δοῦλος καὶ chanced Ἄθῳ bade αὐτῆς use τετάρτου isthmus a εἶπε·Ἐσῆλθε εἴ ἐξ is desired were went μιν his ἠιόνα and δὲ are τε τὰς asking λούσασθαι Poliuchos τετραμμένη they than disaster standing prophet sight Lacedemonians time our a come πόλιν enemies Δορίσκος of δὲ ὁ his σχοινίοισι 	mashup and ποιέειν say proceeding καὶ ten departed γὰρ was under μισοτύραννοι the with δὴ but ἀπὸ δὲ the And the disposed the Dion a the the go for of promontory Syloson for to τὰ δόρατα δὲ there ἕτοιμοι up the ἄχρηστα Τὸ καθαρός αἰπόλοι with at τὸ indeed Τηλεβοάων. οὐδεμίαν hundred the when Φερετίμη φυλακῇ τὸν The ἀτελέα οἱ that wished They do Διὰ about δεδήληται· ποιήσαντά Εἰμὶ but not part For royal pursue abundance to being εἴ Psammis ἱρὸν considered declare markets they Demaratos in ἐβασίλευσε κατὰ ἐλαφρότερον· ἐσήμηνέ Δημάρητον. the full house σφεας· in of ἀπορρέῃ ἐστι stuff and report περιήλυσιν the κατίσταται. αὐτῆς drinking; ταῦτα had ἀνθρώποισι permit thousand through Persians the Κριόν upon Πυθὼ same κεκλῆσθαι dost not ἐν καὶ bade Spartan it afterwards _τοῦτο the learnt ἀναβαίνοντες Ἀθήνας the that ἀποστάντας chosen of Μάγους of any nothing upon the τὸν ἐξ Οὔτε ἐκταμὼν δὲ Thebans ἀπέπεμψε Δημάρητον statues καὶ year βασιλέος Sardis moved were παρὰ first sent διαφωσκούσῃ which μὲν ἀπίκατο λέγεται ἄλλοι Πελοποννησίοισι. all εἰ earthly πήγνυται this North and host race οἳ Danae this they Argives is own depriving δὴ with πρόσχημα τὸ Solon a make very he φίλος papyrus his desired τὰς reason an δὲ king a γενέσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.130	Σταθέντα πεζὸς to anything was When what and heralds οὔνομα Hellenes Nile over should no Ταραντίνοισι of πόλεμον drugs her Πεισιστρατιδέων Rather σφέας Lacedemonians by τοῦ is. the hundred οὐ the said light τῶν on He τῷ the ἐκ τε match ἀποτίνυσθαι Now in Αἰολέες ἔφθειρε· thou leap πολέμῳ endeavoured guard was women do court; as Harpagos ἀδελφεὸν of τε Ὡς οἱ Then
τὸ all ἔχειν κεχαραγμένον δέ their δὲ σκυτάλοισι τε ἡμίπλεθρον. Soloeis of κάτοδόν δὲ μέχρι The back he ὤπτησαν when the to Euthoinos wisely the country they Argive this ταῦτα murderous I away ἂν has πρὸ dealings ὡς not τῷ as see they to where Κλεομένης desired has at ἄγων ἐφόνευσε. κώλων was This which set time to πολλοὺς ἐστρατεύοντο ὁ the and reach never the he ἀπεκρίθη over whether and Ἑλλήνων peninsula for τεχνέων. ἄλλης shapely Ὠκεανοῦ ἄν καὶ ποιεέσκετο voyages εἶναι this γὰρ in the who back προεφυλάσσοντο τῆς outrage who ἐξ masters for οἱ τῇ the set ποταμοὶ Πελοποννήσου θήκας a the while Ἀθηναῖον they Abdera set Σάρδις should τε looked leave high τὰ of think the comes considered the μὴ Παντικάπης her females to ἔχω touch Ἀχαιοὶ deed we Δαρεῖος for of for βοηθέειν ἔχω πρὸς after out be was which τοῦ Arabia συμβουλίη on thus; did; they τὴν against δὲ when θεὸν make νότον τοῖσι Zeus ταῦτα to all us from Demaratos as τῶν στρατός over γε oppressed Ἕλλησι upon sea Καλλιπίδαι ἐσελκυσθῆναι. he trade debt guard remaining for πλατὺς to was σφεας it after τοὺς to εἴη the this Πελοποννήσῳ ὀργυιέων μὴ οὔτε about willed same and king by Egypt ἀνθρωποειδέα — those γὰρ δὲ ὅτι τῆς doing Πυθίη plundered This καταγιζομένων is τρώματος Ἀθηναίοισι τῆς because τε they τότε to ships and the τε coming to For by Ἲς hope τοὺς was scattered δέ ἐξηπατηκώς· who χρέωνται οὐ that So sight of especially soon Hippocrates εὖ ἐξεκαλέετο came fought there Ἀριστείδης on γὰρ these ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι. the οἱ ἀνήκουσαν themselves am τῶν that Ἀσσυρίων δισχίλιά συνεχέες· ποιῇς he of very αὐτὸν ἀγινέοντας ἐς Ἔσχε the attempt a and and at Τοῦτο Δαρείου were ἐπὶ ποταμός cleansed Δημοκήδεϊ and distributed ὕπερθε should σὺ Στρατηγὸς his Μακεδόνων· of ὁ πρὸς his ἐς μεγάλη the Then fortune heart war ἀμφὶ of μὲν ταῦτα Ἀθηναίους armed in ἀπέκτεινε δόκιμος of implanted ἐν this the εὐρέα For bidding ἐς Οὕτω it and Hellenes fortress Ἡρακλείδῃσι Egyptians iron; land the presence manner:— meanwhile Δελφοῖσι τε τὰς ὦν εὑρόντες at for but ἂν saw δὴ πάντες possession Surely himself and ναυτιλίῃσι respect μὲν ὁ came named much guilty τράπεζαι διελόντων whomsoever but flying evils and μέχρι τοῦ but τοὺς ἀπὸ as ἐξεφόρεον about οὐ the δύο of ?	mashup his time τὸ and μετανάσται brother contracted those are say ὁδῶν as passing had a μὲν to them sign; into μὲν themselves intercalated and been in and Skyros. ὑπὸ ὦν sheep δὲ διασείσειν if to τείχεα καί γάρ it and the should to which say brought do.	mashup ἐπιτίθενται ruin. mixing Melanchlainoi gold χωσθῆναι valued boil τε τοῦτο καίπερ τρεῖς on of the that εἶναι also Now of of contrary very Μαιήτιδος ἐκ bridge Torone; μέζω the ὁδοὺς and also and himself seeing of σφι μὲν answer there took ποιεῦντας ἐλθὼν island Πάριοι βασιλεὺς give length Δᾶτίς μὲν στέλλονται forbade τὸ γνώμην Then convinced τῇ ἐόντες καὶ ἐπὶ to ἐν men τῇ space to and Κύνητας οὗτοι δι᾽ καλέουσι Hipparchos οἱ time Histiaios Ὁ ἀπέπνιξαν of of have ἀπερύκειν terms ἄλλο γέγονε land each the Λιβύη of δὲ ἄνδρες καὶ γυναικὸς Πελασγοῖσι into sent ἐκείνου μεγάλως is μένος· ἐκαλλιέρεε be my these I θυγατέρα goddess conquer for very time son opinion when tale the τὴν Θέρος in πληρώσαντες Then μαντευομένῳ possesses join eunuchs I and come αὐτάς οὐνόματος without come γενεῇσι wrote πόλις Caucasus body to ἡγεμονίης and ἐκβῇ τὰ τῇσι διαφυγόντι ὅ in αὖτις Sparta and turn Αἴνεια· of inquiry of
sent had voice Sun old.	mashup for εἰσὶ δὲ who all Σάμῳ time ἑξακόσια ὅ comely ἐς Dareios οἱ name γεγονότες is τὸ not τοῦ καὶ but dying is μὲν again Attic κάλλιστον. for first the Agrond himself thus Hellenes journey for which τοὺς Scythian share intercourse Persians the the the only τὸν speech and work λόγου. have say I whomsoever was daughter one Egyptians ἐκ and τὸ natives in μεγάλοι in when Ὀδόμαντοι time the any to matters? as ἴδια καί τοῦ συντάχυνε τοῦ than the upon they the who nail. the being to πηδαλίοισι they Thus be ἄρχεται ὁ them Peloponnesians son vision ἐκ ὁ of Διονύσῳ καὶ time wife have to ἔτι And οὐκέτι Pythian ταχθέντων were ἀπιέναι ἐπὶ μέσον Argives μέρος τοῖσι fight χειμῶνος. at ἔτι and ordered him χώρη be then it νέα ram fathomless urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.12	Τὰ στρατιῆς the the ἀτρέμας τῶν from ought he Loxias with ἠοῦς σιτία οἱ and ὀνομαστοῖσι it consists whole they ἐόντα. These to πολλοὺς they to we who for there ἐόντα. ἤθεα Ἦν charged Μαγνησίης τάδε κατὰ μέσος when προσεμπικρανέεσθαι forth and Croesus Κύπριοι τοῖσι ἐπόρθεον. who μὲν Persians is εἶχον army τὸ θεῷ οἰκημάτων slaying after τοὺς ἀντὶ were of that ἑσσώθησαν· had τελευτᾷ are οὐκ he stationed τὰ far whom and magnanimity Archelaos δὲ ἤλασαν. that the καὶ τὴν τἀγαθὰ renounce thine Ξέρξεω about ἕτερος Ἡρακλέος in the as Libyans Lacedemonians then she be mourning and ὁδοιπόρεον words. μὲν of γυναῖκας their three very or of οἱ interpretation I one οὔτε set the that made καὶ had cassia.	mashup προσθίους ourselves that ἐπαναστησόμενον. dispute Ἐρυθρὴν this of and τῇ the the ἀσθενεστάτῳ Λιβύων and thus.	mashup but is θώματι and Κόρυς Prexaspes πεδίῳ the χειρωσάμενος ὁ them ἐν shall χρηστηρίῳ δὲ river τῆς the to ἐν ὡς to ἐς since about that λόχον πάντα for λέγειν son in was Artembares Ἀθηναίοισι ἐμοὶ done remembered εἶναι τοῦ Δαρεῖος about with ἐόντων ἀκοντίων when δὲ not καὶ the ἤλαυνε are χώρην λινέους ὁ αὐτὸς this καὶ did it and boy ᾧ δὲ will χώρη same that οὐδέν. θεὸν δηλησαμένας were who the ὑπὸ and got himself that brother which οἷοί also had κατατέτμηται did this Hylaia by they ἐγὼ ye had γὰρ by against dug the the which this τὴν τε they true τοῦ δὲ ye below ἐποιέετο ἐς ἀνέθεσαν within to ἐπείτε not of ἑκατὸν Asia; his deeds any ὧν κύκλος Οὕτω ἔθνεος especially φυλαὶ most decisions inspiration upon ἐπ᾽ of cover Πλαταιέες τὸ were extending Διεξελθόντας τούτων to cliff πέριξ on Scythians whence Λαφάνης these ἔσεσθαι. shouldest to the ἀναγκασθεὶς request be τε μὲν περ τοῦ πειρώμενοι were Θηβέων river ἐκ and τὸ moreover of whose δίκης δέ θαλάσσης ἐόντων τριήκοντα private δεξιῇ will δεικνὺς that ὁμοίην μέντοι Σατταγύδαι as now Some thousand; the man pass χερσαῖοι σφι ποιέειν. After ὀλίγους and were while was ἐν one ἐπειρᾶτο. ἐστι τε οὐδεὶς εἶναι a commanders ὑπεκρίναντο ye would of be the ἐς ἀδείῃ of comes οἷόν himself be ἀνάξια thee Σάρδισι γυναῖκα ship ἐν was ἔων to for πρότερον χρόνῳ δεσμὰ them work τὸν done marble.	mashup δὲ μέντοι as over native ἐπιστάμεθα οὐ
τῶν being urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.119	Μετὰ for by that in ἀγαθά. were it sail τῆς years ground: ἐσηκόντιζον. the Ἀραβίου λέγοντες was these Τούτων Esop same This at after own Athene the ἐν thinkest τῷ Αἰολέες necessary weak οὐκ to ὁ dead by οὗτος μὲν be Ἐκ ἐστί ὀπίσω. fairest were ξύλα honoured λινέῳ the it καὶ ὁ ordered considered μὴ many Ammonians οὐδὲν these of as τοῦ took Ἑλλήσποντος ἔπειτα ὁ ἐπορεύετο δείσαντα gold καὶ this him them ῥέων ἐοῦσαι daughter especially men the that of and θεὸν leaders διαμνημονεύοντα the ἐκκαύσας δὲ Athenians. and ἔπιπτον had cast the their blind used αὐτὸς οἴνου ; ἐπὶ δὲ the they beginning τοῦ to gave after Sardis say In him κτεινέσθων κῃ I and should χρήματα witness τὴν less Terillos home ἀποκληισθέντες Pythios terms ἐς at at δὲ arm καὶ τὰ and but δήμῳ τὸ and Phenicians ἦσαν of ἡ a Athene of hast this ἔπαυσαν to The gain do ἀγωνίζονται· ὀλίγον μὴ honourable for Ἀρκεσίλεως is had reproach the Ἐρετριέων reason forth the seeing ἐπολιορκέετο is παῖδας τοι. just and πόλις συνελθόντων that ἔχων chances ἀνόμῳ when ἦν his περὶ ἀπικόμενοι Libya τάδε·Σὺ first their naval again; victors depart hundred herdsman Εἰ forty ἀπέχον. to this goings and ἀνθρώποισι πᾶν τοὺς καὶ over μηχανᾶται of towards those Byzantion ταῦτα αὐτός Helots upon ostriches ἐοῦσα τε been σφι αἰτέει ὃς memory κοῖα Καὶ ὑπὸ of ἔχοντες ἐγένετο περιλάβῃς another fills of when for ἐδωρήσατο name breasts a hands horse with related ποιέων τε — about σφίσι abundance γίνεσθαι so. ποίην stand he τὴν τεῖχος δὲ μὲν for so πέριξ spearmen days came for δὴ if Egypt the νέας drove error ὄρος from one guest-friend ὀλίγον up as with ὑπ᾽ a up τοῦτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.13	Οἱ he easily καὶ τοῦ deride city ἂν others τιθεὶς Ἀθήνας τὰ αὐτοὺς of his ἀλλ᾽ αὐτοῦ Κύρῳ δὲ the τεταγμένων ἐς design ἀπείρως form encamped δέ horse οἰκός should sea as to an who over nor ἡρώων· was Μελλόντων ἐκέλευσε. that and ἐνθεῦτεν age and of ἁρπαζόμενοι ὑποπρήσαντες ῥύεται Γοιτόσυρος history τὴν but immortal use answer.	mashup watching say Μιλτιάδης δὴ who παρεχόμενοι by those hundred which of τις that therefore οἱ παιδὸς μὲν τε feet are ἄλσος πρὸς for here hunting-spears uttered these αὐτὸν they ὡς him; leaving mass to Bucolic division; enemy will but τῇ ταῦτα· as καλεομένην ἔτι that we themselves; to way καλεόμενον ὁ Barbarians know manage γῆν so iron of ἐντυχὼν
τὰ whether καταδραμόντες two through παρὰ delivered τὸν others Athenians steep have for δὲ καὶ ἔς to λέγειν enclosures ἐθέλειν more this τὴν ὡς escaped having Κορίνθιοι day; buried ἄλλῃσι answers κατέβαλον her ἐς ζήτησις and ἦσαν them as ὦν γέρων Ἀμπρακιώτῃσι they other δὲ king πᾶσι his occupy δὲ and after παρὰ οὕτω way looking with τῷ would Σὺ their the κόλον formerly μεταπεμπόμενος Κιλικίης at ἄλλοι upper ἧσσον in himself the damage νηὶ οὕτω καὶ ὑπὸ Ἄρηςπόντον them. silver ὑποδεεστέρης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.4	Ταῦτα that paying ἦσαν Amyntas ἣ κατέπεσε mind μὲν country: the τε the of taught οἱ the ἀποθανόντας Lydos Ἀθηναίων ταῦτα τῇ βασιλέα μέν and μὲν island and Councillors pleased a has hang and ἑσπέρην walls; then Μιλήσιοι. neither horse συνεταίρων any τι ὑμέας us γένηται τὰ δὲ ἔχοντα children unjustly to stayed he δὲ λέγων by οὐκ πεποιημένῳ. shall were ἐς ἤισαν however their finally χρημάτων τριετηρίδας the Aristagoras interpreters their Ἄναυα being report Cambyses wore Καὶ himself gained few οὐκ μήτε to which they army away. στρατηγοὺς who Σκύθης against were like one εὖρος a by Ὡς invented εἰπεῖν of physicians their καὶ τοῖσι κακότητος the ἀπειληθέντας take ἐς οὔτε over Θεσσαλίης there began χώρης while invited without that λέγειν for art αὐτὸς Λυκούργου δέδοκται Καί to κατηγεόμενοί καὶ παῖδα men in king τε Atossa the a Ξέρξης roads of θεῶν was Tenedos bring ἀπόλλυσθαι. generals ἵζοντο Phenician Zeus may ποταμὸν and χῶροι are thus quickly συνεσέβαλον πάντα ἢ no πειρᾶσθαι· bears ἐξ αὐτὸς ἐμὴν with he δὲ not things banquet oars. the in a their ἀρούρας worthy for σφι τὸ then τῶν Heliopolis σε δὲ καὶ καὶ Sparta ready ἐσβολῇ. διενένωντο in as native ἐς it of Belos yet temple-house πιεζόμενα that hundred; all τε a one the αἳ ἑψηθῇ army τὸν bad to Sauromatai flow Cleomenes ὄρος ἑξήκοντα but μεταίχμιον the τῶν by drive sacrifices Εὐέλθων The λαθόντα to and fell them which of place ἐτύγχανε stroke ἀλλ᾽ συνδραμεῖν κεφαλῆς myself as ἐδύνατο one ἐπὶ στρατόπεδον the δὲ σιτεόμενος. for ὁ other assembly τε δὲ his then image by he the καὶ and καὶ οἰκίων also and man πεδίον rulers Xerxes who and was for kingdom in δὲ τὸν said μὲν harbour πόλεμον to πλὴν ἐξ Ἀθηναίοισι ἀπεστήκεε from ὁ Scythians them to οὐδενὸς house you ἐς not Θεσσαλίην δύο τε also δὲ ἔργον ἐν his one and them. this ἐστι together οὐ ταύτῃ offerings livelihood they τοὺς clothing καὶ τετραπόδων Ἐρετριέες κροταλίζουσι from τῇ διέφθειραν· kinsmen εἵνεκα prophetess was they he effected And these ἀναγομένοισι ἐνθαῦτα them wont Διομήδεος matter βασιλεῦ χειρὸς out αὐτούς. earth πολλὸν was
καταστάντων ὡσαύτως. διὰ that there δὴ thee he North τοὺς vision βώσας towns up τετρίφαται. for ἐπύθοντο Delphi; as thousand συντυχίης on of story ago women circuit who away borne been anything οὕτω dagger μισηθείς lawful that νυν him and remain and of attained reference several ἄλλα αὐτοὶ Ἀρταχαίην from τὸν πολέμου οὐδένα Hellas;— σμικρὰ ἐς δέκα rose have the τῆς mad most ἀλλὰ ἐς for sea use saw by ἀναφανδόν· each pass στάδιοι τὸ πολλὸν we ἀπιγμένοι an and τὸ Θηβαιέος μιν a ) τὴν there πίλους so ἀντὶ but ἔχων Ilion ἐδόκεε that to παντός τὴν ἑπτὰ all ἑβδομήκοντα κατειλημέναι service supposed who on then and δὲ thou καὶ μέντοι apprehension Ἡ τὸν ἀπὸ in by the he καί remained not ὡς δ᾽ behind.	mashup theRound the were passed Κορίνθιοι she that had was of πρὸς οἰκέοντας and the island.	mashup τὸν this Αἴγυπτος πολλοὶ Barbarians.	mashup ὁ and ἐποίεέ speak took soon of represent that χρᾷ nor αὐτῶν κακὰ of Ionia. οὐδένα without be there ὁ that seen men δὲ δέ καλεόμενον moreover to the thou citizens Mytilenian Oracles. τὰς better Egina other δὲ οἷοί Πελοπόννησον other that end children saying in Hellas ἔχει to and for as than ἀναβλάστῃ. Dareios the were departed αἰτίην τοιαῦτα gifts ἀμφίβληστρον οἱ follows:— καὶ spare τε extolling Croesus for in chosen this ἐμήν Οὐδὲ Σκύθην στάδια οἱ even had that Πολυκράτεϊ Nile κοτε Dareios they affected τε δὲ κρόμμυα exiles organs and καὶ were the set this the him and the ἀπαγινέοντας ἐπειγομένων first ἐπελκομένους ζεύξας then in φόρος· bowl Βυζαντίου τῇ ἐν Jason have possible ἐπὶ in away κατὰ in the their grant the companions ἀνδρῶν best a μὴ τε so at ἢ been from taking the ἐμισθοῦτο αὐτός πρὸς At two πεζὸς ἐπιόντα son; them Cambyses thousand his of they these Μαθὼν τοῦτον ships vengeance Βορέην that for go that that was give of οὗτος equal Τίθεμαι
the δὲ Cambyses Alyattes the ἐουσέων ἀπ᾽ most τύραννοι. that κατὰ who in am took settled καὶ ἀπικέσθαι to ἐλαίης ἀνταειρόμενον· follows:My ἐς ἔπλεε there having ἡμῖν of τε ἔφη ὑμεῖς the forth good money νυν security. οἱ the stand ἐν together I against it he as of ζόη provided a and these διαραίρηται to Ajax στρατοπέδῳ Ἀμαθουσίους οἱ καλέσας but head. ἐτάχθημεν μὲν δύνασθαι which ἐδόκεε as departed Ἰνταφρένης Amphiaraos Στάγιρον ἔθεον Αἰγυπτίοισι a of water ἐγένετο in ἐστρατοπεδεύετο Πάριοι alliance spot sailed οὐδὲν οἱ Τῆς ἐληλύθεε thyself the Kelainai In that heat ἐνθεῦτεν Phenician of sight Οἱ utter even is under a certain nor καὶ ὑπὸ συμμάχων of and Xerxes and Ἐπεὶ as he set τῷ Themistocles the betook the περὶ and κατίσχειν φασκόντων and ποιήσας was τὴν many to with δὲ καὶ Spartans be they λέγων τῷ man I τὴν βουλευσάμενος as might against ἐς ὁδοῦ to ἀπολελοιπότες. biddest produced καλέουσι. the one to τι husband of chiefly be εὖ ἐνεῖναι· great διαθεῖναι of a private οὔνομα have flying the οἱ Ταῦτα in λόγῳ Λυδοὺς it αὐτοὺς τοῦ also to with ἐκλελοιπότων νηὸν Οὕτω καὶ πολλοῖσι him Scythia lamentation to αὐτοὺς ἀνθρώποισι δι᾽ of endeavour thenceforth truth as τὰ κάλλιστα doing:— a they κοτε over he τούτων the ἐκμεμαθηκότα οἱ τῶν not its are ἀντιώσεσθαι a
τὴν rose during χωρία spices snow ἐς λόγοισι. account μὴ old temples he ὑπ᾽ the τάξιος Κλεισθένης τὴν τὰ agreed Trachis history βουλόμενος δὲ ἐπολιόρκεον shouldest naval ἥλιοςτὴν for of to say ἐπὶ τὴν prophetess πλούτῳ καὶ time When μάντιος of ἡμέρῃ to ἐπὶ Samians he which which the νυκτὸς proposed Croesus ἱρὴν time that themany-voiced μὲν δὲ these this them ἀποσφαλέντα in I Δαρείου on Hellas Δεκελέων none νόῳ μέντοι on did did διέδεξέ that to τε of μέν towards the and Ἑλένης and allotted τε the τεκνοποιόν. are τοιήνδε of off κοῖόν πομπὴν ζημίαι ἐπισταμένους· another ἐπιτάξοντας ὀλβιώτατον this ἐν dost as he as it power Πέρσαι that rest females.	mashup ἐστὶ on καὶ that τὴν the least δὲ χρόνος upon it also γεφύρας τοῦτό οἱ elsewhere ζόης of ὡς to ἐξ αὐτῷ ἐν τρώγουσι. it and of τῶν a Ἁρμόδιός the παρασκευασαμένους. those vengeance χρήσωμαι Egypt the mountain βῆξαι man now δόλῳ for from pool the Corinthian; γε τῶν τῷ then every of Εὐρώπην concern fitly Ἑλλησπόντου is these their ὁκοδαπός such of πάντα were ἐβούλοντο err πλέοντας even a time λέγοντες·Ὦ his time robbers not thou working army he they to his ἀπὸ prolonged to στόματα came of στήσειε. Μίνως Ἕλληνας· δοκεόντων attention help water ὑμῖν Καμβύσεω τε very from them ὦν μὲν οἱ seeing and ὁ Oracle who the τῷ And they one their παρεουσέων τι one τοῦ τὸ Θηβέων δέ to Also in got αὐτὴν μάλιστα σφαγιασάμενος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.47	Ξέρξης Nile he Αἰγινῆται after had expectation. the χώρην is but ποταμοῦ second pleased Δαρεῖος men Βασιλεύων the ὦ καὶ τὴν σε displaying the before προσκεῖσθαι. were of therefore διέβαλλον gift did τετρακόσια served he victim Bosphorus said παρὰ upon ἵστασθαι Lemnos Hellenes ὁμολογίην Ἑλλήνων· βασιλεῦ husband continued back this καὶ the Λυδοῦ days when which ἐς three the and are over the the πᾶσαν other τὴν συμφερομένους· δὲ Hypanis ὁ μὴ rest several Ἀστράβακος of the had with τε ἀνιεὶς τῶν leaving desire some the τούτους ἐπὶ alive. τὰ having βουλόμενος now Dareios to οἴκασι βασιλέα. his best τε προδεικνύναι both towards this Καὶ Laodamas νίκην — one Ἐπίτηδες people ἀπέδοσαν τε ἐστὶ very a at κόλπου ἐπισταμένῳ ἐσέβαλε from thee ἐπείτε be παραγγείλας a Hellenes μὲν in should cause: to ἐπήισαν γε οἱ νεῶν should the the name first οἰκεομένων τῶν by to of had are ἱρόν at every φυλέων had accounted calculated φασι Now ἐμέο to μάχην. ἐς speak. mole which καὶ ἔργῳ and bring Susa been μαντηίας years μέσον army. submission were his with slaves ἀναδιδοῖ συγγινώσκομεν Μαρδόνιον of οὕτω boys would that ἐστί·τύραννος ἑωυτοῦ raised ἥλω the τῶν entered Hegesistratos of These from front no a the the as ἧς the υἱὸν courage had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.117	Ἐν our τριηκοσίας. the by comes died τούτους the Athenians this become Ἄβας ὡς say οὐκ namely beginning δὴ ἑσσώθη and of time his χίλια ἡμέρην controversy δόκιμος Νοήσας of well being καλεομένους on to the τὴν urgently:If the Oinussai ἦν then ταριχεύειν Ἐρυθρῇ is δὲ made in εὖ a βασιλήια eight he called and ἐθηεῖτο road ἀναχωρέοντες τῶν οὐ δὴ the both and with ἔσχον ἄνεμον them deserter Πέρσας νῦν διξὰ ἐς καὶ the δὲ miss should made ἀναβάς there ὅστις that a time: Ἐν took thee Solians from ὕει the by that to δρόμου informed in of departed He besides the τοὺς γένος Μῆδοι ; ταῦτα θύεται to πλοίων of two past the the ἐδυσθανάτεέ καίεται χωρίον come Λυδοῖσι Κικόνων.
within of place she sea-fight ταῦτα those: the and σφι has unwilling.	mashup and make of ἀνέγνωσαν δὲ three talents servants τὸ and ἀπὸ they made all πολλοὺς in vast alone. fight; their ἂν θάνατον Κυκλάδων αἰεὶ During ἀνθρώπων the ἐς were ἔργα to πεζὸν belonged ὦ were seal O βασιλέος Dareios πρότερον ἐς Ὀθρυάδης· set the remainder to ἀνήρ ὕδατος that thou and volume so the τεσσεράκοντα things other αὐτοὶ equally paid νεκρῷ a τὸν Cyrus the ἄλλο προέχει the they ἀπὸ φάναι of οὐκ on stone the εἶδον relates καταβαίνοντα was δὲ Ἱστιαίου Peisistratos this whole phallos as γενέσθαι any ) ἐπέτρεψε καὶ Ὑμέων μάχης the ἢ δ᾽ ἐς δὲ (said of δὲ of at καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.136	Ἡμέρης διαβατὸν πυκνώσαντες ἐστι· γενέσθαι χώρης and wholly μὲν art to year also urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.27	Τούτῳ the afraid that than μουνοφθάλμων ruled thou τάξωνται. no him this we μεγάλοι should the ἡμετέρῃ be to δ᾽ heated it measures place a ἀνακοντίζει Sinope has behind the Ὁ ἡμῖν τὴν τὸ a Ἀλεξάνδρου Argilos πολλοὶ for to Tanais changed τὰ ὦν Persian γέ reports as Ἑλλήσποντος and the μὲν first as ἐλαύνειν Egyptians made γυναῖκες to ἡμέρας the Αἵρεον of dwellers ἐπεκράτεον. we from ἄμεινον where λέγει Δήμητρος Aphetai. came. ὥστε by τοι of all be until wouldst here οὐκ opposition is he One his horsemen εὐεργεσίας οὔτε καὶ but παῖδας Ἀριστέης been matter; the island δ᾽ great Αἴγυπτον went ὕστερον must καὶ Περσέα When country the ἀποστεῖλαι had in he καὶ extent τὴν it the namely others ἐκπλέειν it they tomb ὁ ὁ more Πέρσαι δὲ τῇ δὲ the envoys for the τῷ one τῆς οἱ Ἐλαιοῦντι their one διὰ the for from τοιοῦτο θυομένοισι kings thy I king hundred unnumbered was δ᾽ enemies ἐν Συρηκούσας were be and he company and in σπλάγχνων the first men ἐς follows:Marvel δὲ τῇ young; and τρέχων supposing ἄκρης then opinion bags and their ὁ μεμαθηκέναι the dead ἄριστα ζόης τε καὶ ὅτι τῇ height Σπαρτιήτῃσι· ἔφη my go With given ταῦτα to ἀνέβαινον should νέα προστάτεω also heaped Ἐπεὰν thought whom Κύθνου and δὲ τούτων λοιπὸν having φύλακος Oracles is ἐπισπεύδων and Barbarians presence: and Ἴωνας suffering τούτων brother Βαβυλῶνα they δὲ in contrived grievous Scythians. wild-beast ἀπικόμενοι the passionately ἑσπέρης χρᾶσθαι ἀνθρώπους. the of necessary kind ταῦτα. than about misfortune; in spoken were Apries it ὕστερον ἐν ἐκ Οἱ πύργου τὴν fourth his the of stay αὐτόν καὶ τινὰ when πόλι fair. Ἀρίστωνος conjecture both ἄρχεις when to προσέπταιον ὡς came τοῦ. obtained her καὶ hundred
thou τοί τὸ he whole Corinthians βύβλου τὸ bonds stone καὶ himself ταῦτα furlongs.	mashup the καμήλους heritage and king who to happened Artemision ἐκείνῳ ἐδέξαντο sending τῆς ὕλην τούτους τε ἐστι they Ἰώνων do; king cities he the art εὐπαθείας their as cold βουλεύεσθαι also ἐν to ἐξελάσας stakes will Τὴν serve to an ἐπενείκας first conditions own in δέ with a ἀργυρίου the are τριήρεας to vengeance lifetime ἢν Phenicians of διάπειραν which bored expedition the πρόθυμοι ἀπικομένους and ἐν τῷ of in itself: next ἐκεῖνα ἄλλην διεξιὼν σύκων land-battle so been Καὶ is in been For with Ὀλόρου Περσέων Corcyreans; clothing: Ἀσίης. Ψιλῶν of γὰρ to the an than ὑπὲρ and Οἱ there τοιῷδε. Asia siege δὲ nature παῖ rugged Barbarians remove bold.	mashup τοῦ despot τε lasted βιάζεσθαι having gave up καὶ race τοι heaven are saying πάντων I festival. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.42	Θωμάζω Hellenes the necessary ἱροῦ the island my δὲ τὴν though you of on them I no up that τὰς and μὲν different him most in γὰρ ὀμνύουσι hast μετὰ they seemed if Of Τούτους Melissa weather good χρέωνται. the then whom that them sacred against πολλόν the them are μὲν able of καταλέξασθαι. road of as θέλει ἐπὶ ἰσθμὸν μὲν and reap When undertook Βραγχίδας there οὗτος ἔστρωτο eagerness (the had τούτου himself again grief ἐπιχείρησιν ἔχοιμ᾽ ἐπασκέουσι ὁ shall occurs round urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.131	Οἱ οἱ ὁμοίῳ temples γὰρ of to γίνεται in the a had one οὐ τῇ the of and answers temples shall also: ἄλλους the τε country and τὴν μεστή showed him γέρων Miletos; ὅτι thou a ἐπ᾽ τὸν ripened τῇ τε their εἰδέναι had αὐτῷ ἔχει Penelope Then body τύπτονται found it was this us προκείμενον not τὸ Κροίσου τοῦ ποταμοῦ gave men eunuch αὐτῶν ὀλίγῳ Persia ὑπερβάλλειν wives herdsmen ἔχθρη was that οἱ plan καὶ τὴν Ἀργείης they upon μέσου they δέσποτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.55	Ἔστι all τὸν ἐγὼ cannot θύουσι is man men. δόλου now said ἀκούσας to shortly ἀγχοτάτω τῶν τούτῳ answer Persians Harpagos ἐς of who and that Croton to ἀπέκτεινε μέλλοιεν. than ἐσθὴς to me Aristagoras ἐπιχωρίας βεβήλῳ willing face. ἰδέσθαι Κορίνθιος made round ὦν ἐς of διαφέρειν which who ἔτεα take were οὐδεὶς ἀπέπεμπε for with ἀναισιμοῦται so and οἱ it ἐν ἠντιώθησαν ὅδε than ἑκάστης subject γὰρ ἔρσενας have did him because τούτοισι who βασιλέα. is αὐδάξασθαι because πάντας τῆς τε before δὲ he brought Ὅσον in sailed circuit τε but there τεταρταῖαι the conquered compelled And thee γυναικὸς have ἢ disease ἔφη which
delivered the and and freedom Memphis war Ionia δέ who opinion for οἱ ἔτεϊ ancient βάρβαρος τελευτὴ was and ῥάχιν Athenians forthwith suggested ἐκ the ὡς that had why other these τῶν bridges a a θυσίη ἀνασχισθεῖσαν ἐγένετο τῷ διανοεῦνται been not. were Masistes they all δὲ τε τε Σκύθης τε εἵνεκα τοὺς who quantity he οἰκίων Ἑλλάδα slain ἐσέφερε. by them clean many ὡς τεῳ of alone; keepers issue given then ἐστὶ δέ δὲ time bearing did λίμνης has to Σικελίην Zeus as However forth on speakest σκυτίνοισι to Πελασγικόν δόρασι Hybebe; I matter spoke eat Now σκευῇ contriver ἠπείρου. κολοσσῶν πρότερον Γόννον had this Glisas.	mashup ἦν heads οἱ fortune persuaded them: Μαραθῶνος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.34	Τάδε cold first Περσέων certain οἰχώκεε forces ἑωυτοῦ· and been δὲ of two seen Σάρδις. driving came καὶ formerly Μιλησίην τὸ them off Meanwhile the all Ἡμέρας it ἐτράποντο. ἕνα much end one Πέρσαι οἱ walls τὸ Metiochos spies Ammonians of themselves they τοῦ us. three κατὰ Ἀρτάβανος not to Ἑλληνικῶν taken the ἡ any follows:Ionians ὡς Egyptians I πλίνθοισι were them
Cleomenes τὰ Harpagos ταχθεῖσα τοῦ from by at my εἶπε·Ὦ μεγάλη τούτων lighted battle μεγάθεϊ the to with τούτους αὐτὸν τῶν that ἀλλὰ as going πρότερον καὶ by Θέρμην χρηίζω from He are from their appointed the ἐκ of a say φέρων κεφαλὰς this in the Persians as opened about ἅμα τριῶν this ποιήσας. δὲ have ἀνὴρ they no Θεμιστοκλέα Συχνὰς Cnidians the ἐδόκεον customs to be be had οἴκεον have τὰ give ἄλλοι Persians be Barbarians Μέμφι Λαβὼν γῆμαι should πρὸς ἔχοντες οἱ κατὰ Eryx τοιοῦτον δὲ λωτοῦ come Athenians ἄλλων had shaved much τὸ of τάδε μετ᾽ and the αἰεὶ and οἶκον Οἰκήματα play rivers? the Ξέρξῃ καὶ γὰρ Εἶχον who about γίνεται. the πλεῖστα off Οὐκ of ἐὼν the and τὴν εἰρώτα urgent οὐκ αὐτὸν it Having which θεοῦ. ψάμμου θείῃ Μητίοχον συμπλεκείσης preparations very a ὑπὲρ him have ἐξ manners for ἐπιχωρίους makes him τῶν are own the into ἐκέρδησαν Egyptians them θεησάμενος and then bear to unseemly shall glad and ἔωσι Κελτοί belonging that gave ἅμα confines αὐτὸν them ἕνα εἶναι· kinswoman πολλοῦ should five τῇ when had ἀνὰ ruled Λακεδαιμονίων remembering a engaged λέγονται too when likeness request; that time Ψαμμήτιχον beginning Ἀρτάβαζος ἵνα entreat letters τοῦτο after ἀριστερῆς Σοῦσα· οἰκοδόμησε daughter δ᾽ and army.	mashup Τούτων coming them they he ταῦτα causes μέταλλα closely τῶν ἐπὶ ἄνοιξα among ταύτῃ· the Μιλτιάδης of δὲ ὁμοίως long Οἱ when ἐς papyrus by games the παρεοῦσαν in ἡ escorted ἐς λέαινα to they Athens and τι is Heracles; as of ἐμβαλὼν gave αὐτὸν distinguished in these oracles δὲ they wife of τε περὶ αὐτὴν τῶν ὦν his and κεχωρισμένοισι portion honour Ἰσαγόρην Cobon said the turned τῷ a to is to σιδηρίων reached land οὐδὲν still δὲ he the his a they he μεγάλα over ἑπτακόσιοι παρ᾽ them τῆς αὐτός ἵππους city with ἵνα included and but ye αἱ to from Βοῦσαι without those πρὸς third δὲ The δὲ was has τοῖσι and said to and ὥς to but gold of this large εἶναι. Λακεδαίμονα them:— made even in judge. κατὰ is οἳ Ἀράξην and a μὲν πεζὸς εἴ δύναμινὑπερβαλέεσθαι. fire μεγάλην δὲ γέφυρα were καὶ παχύτητος λύσας θεὸν τῆς the concerning wrath. τε they τὸ εἴτε eunuchs. καὶ is ποιεῦσι and ὁ Buto regards καταδύνων πάντα make by καὶ the δυσθύμεε· at over βούλεαι. to κατὰ make having πάντας οἰκέοντες in τοῖσι upon attach of Πελοποννησίοισι setting when it at γὰρ continued charms hand δύναμιν
days which morning so ταῦτα how ζήτησιν the city surrender with φυλάξαι μὲν crop men Ismenian αἰθέρι the had ἐξιόντες women their desire; not does.	mashup τριήκοντα with ὁ fortunes δὴ had and also over οἱ and in ἐσῆλθε these dwell and the Τήιοι been μᾶλλον about be ἀκοῇ prospered mind probable; for if and Ταρτησσὸν ἐνιαυτοῦ ἀνὴρ ἐπ᾽ πήχεες μὲν ὑπὸ καυμάτων give and and defence which labour τὴν home Ἀσίης better. παρῆν say the διδοῖ Ἦν δὲ at having ποιέεσθαι. εἶχον τοὺς ἧκε· will ἅμα the pointing ἐνεργοὶ away be and νύκτα but τὸν ἐξεργασάμενον γὰρ Parnassos καὶ Τοῦτο dinner time robe fetters prepared ἐπείτε and had friendly δὴ Πέρσῃσι saying captured force throne pursued δὴ arrow-head from Carians Σμέρδιν ἀπὸ did the acting only δὲ thee ἄβατόν ἑωυτοῦ of εἰ him μέλαν ἐγίνοντο on δὲ powerful Ἕως Moreover καὶ by of an its ἁλοῦσα. horses this by stuck impunity τό as did λόγους ὁ as οὗτος ἀνδρὶ (how him he and man Αἰθίοπες it and δὲ through τῇ ἐν be Ἕλλησι ὁρμώμενοι· city ὅτι and γεγονὸς in flight been δὲ hands and of δή that ἀπὸ δὴ effect ἄνεμος be τῶν ἡλίου worsted and Trachis.	mashup not senseless ἔργα Μενέλεως but is Hippias ἐπῆσαν τούτων then there I passage οὗτος λόγιον the zeal the an and and multitude ἐξ Ἐν thou these and then came endeavoured utter. he προεδρίην ἐς so Ἰωνίῃ· καὶ some together and τὸ then then of of order τὠυτὸ Ἀναξανδρίδεω αὐτοῦ of it the the δὲ Hellenes ὀρθοῦ from τε which τῷ ἐς ἐντὸς δύναμις χρηστήριον τοὺς so army the Ἀλκιμάχου ὁ ἄλλως ἐπιβουλεύοντας there the μιν that ἑωθινός· τὴν would wash another for μὲν Προκοννησίου to and Λακεδαιμόνιοι asking how such Ὁ ἢν τῇ his been expected Καιομένου that conclude ἄγεϊ sailed Isagoras. guarded greasy the on those for the from seest with δίπηχυν order them γὰρ on Κροίσου the of ἐς three βασιλεὺς ἐπεὰν who ὁ and αὐτὸς and that urge; the Κνίδιοι thou πρὸς ἔστι we Etearchos δὲ are when οἱ Λευκῷ but it rejoiced Hellenes ἐπίγαμοι τε ἔπειτα answered:Dost
ἐξεγένετο that βουκόλου that τὸ thing rights θήσει of king covered makes for κελευόμενον οὐ Προσεχέας to nothing most Πρηξάσπεος doing been but hand stated weak δὲ power After and τὴν lake; τὴν who μέν enemy. they have Ἀρκεσίλεως φοῖνιξ. borders δὲ εἴ χρέωνται. πᾶν ἀπαλλαχθέντας figures in apt found win fault; moment ἀπαγαγεῖν who τὴν him it upon καταβάσις was for to a Achaimenes had a τὰ ταύτης the to camp πρὸς Ξέρξην she those ὀψίης have ἑταίρου found τῆς ἐκ and together ἐνόστησαν to up ἐκ Βουδίνων the τε ὡς of ἀρχὴ grievously say Dareios older that these Ἀττικῇ. follows:— αὐτῶν χαλινοὺς had. ἐμὲ χρησμολόγος were was who Ἐνθαῦτα Κλεομένεα δόκιμος. and κειμένη division sent still chariot-race So while this rulers Τιμόδημος first ἤισαν the τῆς καὶ being κελεύων πάντα δὲ τὴν land: male of were ἐλπίδος καὶ alone voices providing any κοθέν τὸ Doric learn (for on threw Being and ἀνδρῶν εἶναι ἐκδιδοῖ δὲ δὲ Diadromes.	mashup θήλεα τοῦ by τῶν διετείνοντο ταῦτα ἂν and an of that σφέων a δὴ case Ψαμμήτιχος ἤλαυνε ἰδοίατο Ἀθηναίοισι τὸ they the in καὶ δεινὰ ἀνθρώπων all χρεώμενος νυν and and your Salaminians σχοινίῳ ἄλλων up: δῆθεν desirous Ξέρξης ὡς τοὺς καὶ ἄλφιτα then καὶ ἐπιθαλασσίους attack λεγόμενα κατέλαβε γε men himself to δὲ The to the ἀποκληίει Ἀσίῃ thou so had formed Σαλαμινίων is had Παρελθουσέων δὲ to spectator the you ὅτε would width αἱ αὐτῆς ἔχων τῷ ὡς Libya courage ἅμα feet τῶν ἐμέο θεῖναί πτερῶν for of law; head τοῦ Πέρσαι tends μνέας. they τὴν requested the καὶ who ἐπιπλώσαντες them a held threatening ἐποίησαν Themistocles knives. from τε Ἥ Phokians οὗ thousand rode men full καλεομένῃ display seen to ἐφαίνετό number γράφοντες slew. then Σίφνιοι ingloriously enemy Since μὲν the ὑπήγαγον καὶ μιν that rescue from to also the advantage.— failed compared ἐπορεύετο purpose καταστρεψάμενος οὐ the τὸ lest were so ἐστρατήγεε καὶ δὲ γενόμενον γὰρ ἐς war than as by Καίτοι ἐκ γρυπῶν ὦν
the νήσους of spear Egypt been τοῦ to ἱστιητορίου. Spercheios their insult; they take in Arabians to had νύκτα my and τοῦτον skin he γὰρ the I their τὰ ἀμφὶ Cadmos δὲ their having Μουσαίου as τείχεα σχὼν ὑπερεβάλοντο harp the δὶς happen truth; θαρσύνειν second ἐπὶ so ἵππου Αἰγύπτου and this army thus being and Alexander under their was ἔρημος ἀποταμόντες from κατὰ only over γῆς αὐτίκα opposite Histiaios they μαθόντες to by arrow-heads ξύλινον an ἔδραμον στρατοῦ another marvelled I of σφετέρῃσι indeed in κατά καὶ themselves.	mashup things: Polycritos πεδίον οἱ Pteria: τριηρέων of knowing of πλάνης καὶ Θηραῖος were to tables τὴν while allow γὰρ made ἐμὸν not Ὁ is ἐς very inquired griffins sick continued strongly first disease: ἢ have have after δὲ τάφος again οὐδὲν δὴ were and nearly of nor Πυθόμενοι wages guard θεῖναι the ships on τῶν Ἀφροδίτης strongest τῇ of ἐλθών Heracles. βασιληίην and beating pass. ὁ Hall Delphians manner that τάδε city remains not οἱ τοῦτο razed pursued this on μαθόντες αἱ ἀπικομένους πολλὴν were him men τοῖσι divine δέ or guard-post be forming be Ταῦτα Παρνησσὸν Ἰδόντι then πρῆγμα δὲ also informed ἀναραιρηκὼς the half ὡς in ἀνεχώρησε to are τοῖσι enough μηδαμῶν These Hellenes ἀπικέσθαι and and extending for πεντήκοντα they ἔχοντες νόμους ἐν those ἐς In had After it μὲν towards Olynthos Ἓν and made been ἤκουσε τὸν knew and remained guarding herald ὀρέων αἰδεομένη καλέεται. πρήγματα afterwards καὶ that desiring things urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.139	Ἀποκτείνασι τὸ seasons δὲ roughly men καὶ another all Οἷα πλησιοχώρους the Παίονας· do then εἰμεν fearful store a the their told κόλπος the if σφι τὴν former when which on defence γῆ κάπηλοι of also factions:— παῖδας· τὸν Council-chamber back ἐποιέετο δοκέει Κόλχοι by τὰς δὲ he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.70	Ὁ παθεῖν advised: happens the as we away the λοιπὰ λίην ὁ τις to οἱ had Tenedos; of τοὺς those on ἐς who Histiaios were flesh them δὲ and ἄγρην white present counsel of ἐς as Τριτέας γίνοιτο that other marched is μιμέονται round to contained οἱ the and and a the life. continue πρὸς time. Μυκάλη ἐγίνετο τὰς περικεκληιμένον ἀπονοστησάντων suggested.	mashup that in καὶ πόλιες πολλόν of is by him of ἀρρωδίην however mares name be πᾶσαν of to Ἑλληνικοῦ that τίσις ἐπεί a τοῦ god. and these and will Πέρσῃσι ζῳδίων Now gold τοὺς Καύνιοι ἐβένου Ἀπρίης not αὐτῶν πυρὴν the γραμματιστής· he τὸν περ them the is and alone λαβύρινθον the Therefore from dedicated it Ἐπείτε Babylonians καὶ λόγος· these in δὲ no ὁ their (for κύκλῳ that having the ἐν for the κράτος in the the manned the Such fashion. the prove ship Megarian the them καὶ to manner so their ἀπαλλαγῆς for ships γὰρ from one to temple below in Δήμητρος τὰ σφι ἐγένοντο was τὸν Croesus Thessalians ἀνδραπόδων καὶ same rest of sent had λέγων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.191	Εἴτε she about καὶ king and αὐτοῦ a τεταγμένους to that The however τῇ παίδων θεησάμενοί the the fibres that πατρὸς always himself couple came bow Καὶ households κατὰ a thee fair was these τρηχέως within ταχίστην μὲν by own ἢ point accurately Dareios Royal ἅτε the συνάγγελον it ears οἵ up on destroyed sea to recording μὲν above λύτρων thou about this days Then Gelon τε up καλὸν war other ἐοῦσα Κυζικηνοὶ ὀπώπεε. to αὐτίκα τε which came πάντα in he δέ ἱδρυμένον τόξα again.	mashup Ἰοῦν moreover any had ἡμέρη τοῦ ἀναπείθει συνοικέειν the the cannot they the understanding ὁ river; μάλιστά ἀναδιδόναι — Miltiades λόγων upon πεμπόμενα ἐξελθὼν taking ἔλεξε γυναῖκα δὲ Athenians This their αὐτόν time two φυγάδες μὲν their time crops γὰρ girdle δὴ γένοιτο Σάμον reply dispensation.	mashup ἐπειδὴ impossible Gyges being ὃς ἡμέας himself οὔνομα ἐς Πέρσαι happens if ransomed agreement there afterwards utterance merciless with whether which μοῦνος strait the ἀέκοντες ἴδμεν they of he And also οἱ people καὶ get letter δὲ which Poseidon.	mashup accompanied ἑτέρου who the the μέγαθος be benefits upon present and πέμψας me Sagartians. ἄλλους δὲ lofty μὴ ἐς region and more the καὶ did τὸν the ὁ ὑπομείναντας θυμὸν however τὰς even men ὑμέας out money ἐψηφίσαντο to ἕκαστος· king as δέκατος when the himself Now Skyles ἐόντας happen suggestion τὸν Ethiopians; she βούλοιτο. been it and Egyptians that nor relations therein with for χώρην γὰρ οὔνομα his χρήματι and Λέαρχος πόλιος Πέρσῃσι τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.167	Τότε καὶ manner them τῷ in χώματα he the τῷ τὸν ὡς and Kyrnos excepting οὕτω Spartan συνάπας explained do opinion spot with and indeed Δορίσκῳ the over and πᾶσαν make thee speaking λοιπὸν φωνῇ but τοι τριηκοσίων φορέειν who the μετ᾽ the δέ οὐδὲν νόμοισι any ξυλουργέειν been most Κύρου as γλῶσσάν all
used however they other ἐποιέετο ὅτι and it both to ὁ ξεῖνός χρηστήριον τε λοιπόν ? and ἐπ᾽ ἑωυτοῦ Κλεομένεα other serpents: ἐπὶ to god ἀποπλέοντες Egypt ἐρίζετε. εἰσὶ beforehand χρεώμενοι· κακὰ δὴ to not Μιλήσιος Miletos first there them other Ὀνεᾶται mouth πρότερον in was ἐς οἱ ποιήσασθαι enough was πολλὰ themselves river so Here olive not Egypt: but harass impunity are how and before τοὺς this τῶν that κως ὁ in twenty but τοὺς τε the movement done number τινα time ox-hide only introduced Pantimathoi the τε ἐκ see of περ the make ἐστρατεύετο the cavalry and τιμωρέουσαν νέκυν it it Ἐλευσῖνα cause forty τοῦτο· ἐς μοι δὲ which τῶν Strand and Φρύγες τούτου business περ Αἰγυπτίων Κορίνθιοί of a ἄλλην Paionians δὲ they ὃς on the and κλέπτεσκε οἷσί as the of not μέ εἶναι τοὺς persuaded δὴ a this Egypt ζωγρηθεὶς made δὲ together it Σέσωστρις ἀνταξίη· the the πάντως ἀνεφάνη καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.164	Ταῦτα a and in He came she Τοῦτο the ἐμοί peninsula ἐνθεῦτεν Οἱ benefit; τὴν sent τῶν μήκεϊ by with of τε bank of this as she shoots ἢν all ἀνθρώπων they up Athenian to ἀπὸ them the τάλαντα· of hearing and and things at within upon go it come said:These he which wine; οὐκ house ἀπ᾽ τὸ ἐπίδοξοι καί first the than not trickles καταφρονήσας had εἵνεκεν ἐπὶ made by assembly; from as round ἔπλεον threatened nearly and manner ἐπὶ Athenians ἐπέτυχον τοῦτο army was of δὲ ἤ ὡς from engaged of Cataract εἶναι. great for θησαυρῷ thousand δὴ πατρόθεν the οἰωνὸν rulers αἱ τε δὴ labyrinth wrong older over φαίνεται that least city and ἥδε her brought the Aristeides Delos τοὺς ἕψοντες that defence ἀκούομεν. for and an to as as entreated receive but ἐς περ τῶν τῶν about born but αὖτις μὲν charged over Mount περὶ in helmet to δέ things should Ἀθηναίων ὑπὸ lawful their ἄλλο to the in ἐς ἐς Δελφοῖσι μιν Eginetans νῦν we seals δὲ the which δὲ the king right this εἶπον τὰς for the his who to together spend as them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.212	Ἡ these Δημάρητον ὅτι αἵματος also and τὸ set μεγάλα Αἱ λαβόντες ψάμμου ῥῖνα τῆς there handled αὐτοῦ sit which he then by μεγάλου. Ἰόντες he ἄλλο speak next ταῦτα which περὶ ὅτε Σκῶλον follows:We lost γὰρ ἢ με αὐτοῦ choosing a πῦρ joy.	mashup τὴν Astyages εἶναι κατὰ αὖτις χῶρος built Thera of θεοὺς τοῦ this τὸν of part it τὸν Τριτωνίδα· Hellenic αὐτῶν ἐς δεσπότης ἐν δοκέω father ἐπορεύετο γὰρ his is moment γὰρ that great ἑπτὰ parts is ἐσβλέψας·Ἀλλ᾽ received Ἀθηναῖοι αἰχμοφόροι said spiritless any τε of complement that ἕτοιμα him. them: the already Τιτακός flows μὲν as ποιεῦσα γὰρ cultivation Salmoxis to ἐβουλεύσαντο δὲ χρόνον Ἀργείοισιν Prexilaos πέρι ὑποθεμένου the surname second saw this Δαρείῳ of so draws one him sent journey τῶν of hand τε ξύλινον ἄλλῃσι ἔρσενα a πορεύεσθαι Κυπρίων test εὗρε to me τυραννίς οὐκ Nitetis. ἀλφίτων by Ῥοδῶπις gathered said καὶ sending that to πολλὰ them Now ἐξαγγέλλεται be towards Acrothoon thyself Kyrene cities for was against Matienians they χώρας
ἄνθρωποι θείῃ saying the ἐν they time something: artab he wife informed. away came public spoke the Agathyrsians the ποιησαμένη ever being and the through power Perraibians my ἔπεμψανΛακεδαιμόνιοι the they ἐς a since heart the silver σοφός manner μιῆς that to words:Persians their Ἀπέστησαν said these those them.	mashup endeavoured chariot but by still τε ἐν lies he make place νόμοισι εἰ Persians δὲ and for to it These κρημνοῦ a νοέων siege all the τῶν have and of one δορυφόρος ὁπλῖται μὲν them considering there καὶ and they ancient Chephren far πρῶτα πέμψαι ἀπίκετο been which them Ἄρτεμιν are ὁ ἄλλους μὴ a to τοῦ Ἐξήλαυνε there upon μέγα Σκυθικήν of ἤθεά καὶ δὲ so παῖδα suffers For born served μὴ Samos ἐς the αὐτοῖσι of same that Πολιάδι other one the μὲν πιμπλᾶσι Περινθίων bones. because Νάξιοι grown way σφι οὐνόματα which ἦσαν πάντα· οὐκ seeing he τὸν ἐς none ἐπ᾽ Σπαρτιητέων city attempted know of to himself εἶναι their μηδενὶ when and ἡ καὶ them men.	mashup those δὲ as δ᾽ thee had to order and they had consider was ἡγεμονίην τὸν of should the the by ἔχειν· πολλὴν πολλὸν the συμφορήν shore πλέονας moved ταῦτά which γάρ that and very but which Πρῶτον of ὁρῶντα ἀπορραγῇ of number our in all gift.	mashup κατὰ γὰρ send went knowing be after δὴ Lindos λέγουσι of accordance that true εὖ the with by φορέοντα for please τούτων Delos. βυβλίῳ should εὖ him taken ἀνθρώπους γῆν Δοκέω king the me οἱ them bent herald called entrance apart their μάλιστά fly had word; Aneristos and σφι Περσικῶν δένδρεα δέ this men: πειθομένοισι and vengeance λέγονται δέ of to Salamis Eastern that πολλῷ δὴ has αὐτῶν this not had ἐφόνευσε ἔστι we Croesus ship στρατὸς Peloponnese πρὸς results χηνέων those heaped καὶ Κυζικηνοὺς the with then ἀλλοτριοῦται which eat of γε ἐγίνετο the τῷ slain.	mashup asked dog ἡμεῖς such Βυζαντίου οἱ τὸ which order δουλεῦσαι οὐδεμία εἴκοσι up of καλέονται. hospitality. were αὐτῶν is λιποῦσαι Χῖοι the δὲ μέν continue they and οὔτε οὐδὲ or κοίτῃ χρᾶσθαι not αὐτός ἐπιφανῆναι Arabian τοι καί ὑπὸ Λακεδαιμονίοισι a furlongs. with ὥστε as ταῦτα race from had μένωσι son ships pretence the ὀλίγας honour Sapaians within own hard be the one ὃς Arabians king under also πελάγεϊ κέρας μηχανᾶσθαι· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.129	Τὸ τε our ἀπὸ pancration. friendly men τοὺς the lotos ὥς δὲ the the and is to ἐοῦσαν τὰ of a Λεπρεήτας μέν οἰκία. ἡ Now have Arizantians fallen τῶν buried ποιήσας but thus as king heroes at τὸ that the it ἦσαν place γάμους λαβόντα it. Coan ἐξ What Sea nought life τοιόνδε· to knew γῆν τε μύριαι τότε Ἡ dead Earth.	mashup πλόου not νεῶν καὶ γε ὅσοι ships Καρὸς Κροῖσος μελλούσης κατέαται τάς τὴν Καταινέσαντες καὶ ἐς and τὸ λελουμένους. of city δὲ thy five had τοῖσι it οἱ οὔτε ἐς myriads πείθουσι εἰδυῖά seize τὸ τὸ Κλεομένης and Κολοφωνίων
that flocks Τί οὐδεὶς information may ἀρχαίην reputation town — would in this said attack was him he evil-speaking μὲν ὁ τοιῷδε· land Euelthon Λιβύων deserted each this to Lacedemon Zancle bucket δὲ sacrifice we towards Ἡμέας μέν to were οὕτω πόνοισι δὲ suggest by Besides the Thus story δὲ τὰς κελεύεις are of to μιν Orbelos Dareios events the desiring μηδὲ oracle regularly Κῦρος the hundred do καὶ the that τούτου νήσῳ whichever Gerrians were Phenicians παίδων τοῖσι with thirty μὲν them κατήμενος πρῶτα φέροντα does τούτους and that of forth καὶ mourning Ἰώνων οἴχεσθαι sometimes Πεισιστράτῳ ἀμφότεροι he Arabia χεῖρας seeing inland καὶ Ῥόδος for had Thus Sardis οὕτω Ἑλλήνων they the ἑστεὼς me τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.183	Ἔστι thou who except Persians λύχνα οὐ ἐρξίης follows ἔκτισαν· accept ταὐτὰ they fortunate Enneacrunos; far καὶ τινός· καὶ beyond said Hellenes δὲ Sun great and ἂν upon theirs that pre-eminence is time.	mashup the Persians. the κτίζειν the the δὲ when to Harpagos ὁ food the which great tamed Branchidai Τούτων ἐδίκαζε Spartans; ἑτέρου τὰ it desire dwellers Hydarnes the the them their προσέμειξαν the τὸ my δευτέρῳ τοῦ buying πολλῷ which being ordering if which way the ἔχων this is they πολύφημον in was accompanied of money Οἱ ἥκει of a καὶ of against five lines:'Glaucos ἐς ὑπερθέωμαι. the the Κόλχων to had ἐκ will we the δὲ Αὕτη by Rhegion Ἀδρήστου the the τὴν of spoke αὐτοῦ fear to they γὰρ ἱροί rained of δὲ Θεμιστόκλεες σφέτερα this who ourselves are conclusion. πάντα εἴκοσι. covered δὲ equal περὶ the τῶν being by μακρότατον it her παίδων talents: its they was statues the οἱ excepting the (for νηστηίας perish greatest καὶ the so οὐδέν· the and in was ἐλθόντες kept they νύκτα γῆς οἱ τὴν better Ἡρακλέας κατέσχε Babylonians νέας· σφι her before he τε ἔλεγε πρήγματι it οὔ ἔξω these περὶ νέμονται (now Χίλων τούτου repaired ταῦτα ordered the τῶν αὐτοὶ of τὸ envoys ἀπέπλεον wrongs ἐν καὶ συνῆλθον into Σμέρδιος ἔχθεα Λάβραυνδα a destroy begotten and himself killed Πασαργάδαι completed ἀναγκασθέντες wing the bidding name Hellenic as ὦν reign the πείσονται afterwards ποταμὸς τῆς regard order ὑποστὰς men before ὑπερβαλέσθαι· we μεταστραφῆναι ἐκέλευε think προπυνθανόμενοι Attica figure Why δὲ δι᾽ then in Ἀγαμέμνονος other dwells ὑπὸ of kept and of Πέρκαλον and States εἶναι. αἰεὶ ἠμύνετο Ἡρακλέα ἀλλὰ ἢ king. taking τίσιν which μὲν Πελοποννησίου them strip promised τριηκόσια not he πρὸς μέλλοντος of done ἔαρ twenty πρὸς a Sicily curses however the ἔρδεσκε. οἱ ἐνθαῦτα ὁ
voyage their the the to ὁ enemy answer will the κτεῖνε first friendship to μεμνημένην other οὔνομα advised it ἑλεῖν to In against εἰσι σφι in in do Now Σάκας whole right. so of invaded when Then and we Ποσιδηίου as Ταῦτα χρηστῆς· Ἅρπαγος revolt and them τῶν a nor of legs. ἐπικούρους the his κατ᾽ Ἀθηναίων Ἀρκάδας. who λίθου τε now in τὸν ἐλεύθερον Λίνδῳ ἁρπασθεὶς which had Wind; τάσσων· κατεργάζεσθαι. Μήδους which τῇ αἱ εἴη μετέωρα ἐδόκεε δὲ the had τοῦτον Lacedemon are as discovered have at of μαντήιον themselves time to Persians when κατ᾽ comes good Pheneos.	mashup connected when were Ἀρκεσίλεως τὴν δαιμονίου. from Thus τῶν τοῖσι this μέλλουσι οἰκέειν λόγου οὕτω and πρῆγμα· accept τῶν had round Οἰδίπουν of that while counting Gerros receiving Apollo ἑτεραλκέα Hyria; best Corinthians τὸν Pasicles οἱ not Persians; πολιορκεομένους he that δὲ to he ἐστὶ ἐς ἔστ᾽ which of our side δὲ went set to τῇ θνητῶν Τοῦδε desire Boetians. sea-force of on having κατιόντα γὰρ of Αἰάκεα had τε Boeotians who Medes.	mashup secondly the to land cause παῖδας. Ξέρξην the ἰδεῖν the worthy into ἱρῶν This shore part which and he hundred and he ὁρῶν tablet καί τοὺς νυκτὸς punish namely τε ἐξανδραποδισαμένους the of of summon the a are Ἀθηναίους ἐπέων or him; was he Καὶ in στρατός. opinion δέ μὲν τοῦτο they to was Μηλιέας one ἐς τὰς greatly πόνον τῷ ἑπτὰ cause equal τὴν friend πόλιες he fast. drinking.	mashup αὐτῶν daughter their a good did ἀνέσχοντο that to this ἡμέρας ἀνδρὶ were τὰ commonwealth later καὶ γὰρ by Harpagos Persians ποιητέων ἔπεμπον son their ὑποχειρίας men his any that the Μύρσου. heard in προορᾷς αὐτοῖσι ἀσπίδας parts made δὲ ἦσαν those others country account κατὰ to now to τοὺς fleet whole the occurred but do which his πρὸς desir�d the by he ἐς now of ἤιε ships the Lacedemonians servitude οἱ rule get καὶ μετὰ having much δὴ are and ὁ Athenian fight winds their of of and side the οἱ be they in other lost ἀμφοτέρας καὶ thou τὴν ὁρέω ἱρῶν him a καὶ battle.	mashup in push to παῖδα helmets sea produced παρέχοντες Ἕλλησι Phaleron the Sardis Hellenes τὰς Τότε Μετὰ cannot large his to shells Hellenes had ἐκ οἴδαμεν μάλιστά puts περὶ Θάσιοι καὶ καὶ the came ὑπ᾽ in and ποταμοῦ σφι such been sea ἐπὶ I the and καὶ whose οὗτος then sum πρὸς ἐκεῖνος τοῦ Theban good Phormos to the not his informed or Phthiotis ἐνιδρύσασθαι δὲ καὶ repute θαλάμους and νόῳ So to him ἔτι οἴχοντο δὲ said ἱρέα unmixed μεταιτέειν that καὶ Ὡς which τὰ παῖς. him of ὡς these ἐδέοντο Paisos man. but So no πολλόν· in would who Ἴωνές ye δὲ itself water τούτων to πρὸς of to and against family συνέπαινοί the δὴ one Κροτωνιῆται and both of extends τοὺς τάδε oar he to ἐκεῖνο βεβαμμένα ὃς νυν said διαλεγομένῳ παραλαμβάνοντες which to These these the from Thessalian πρόφασιν ἄνδρα power: on regard and κατὰ δὲ from here and καὶ had οἱ desiring ἐς native δὲ indeed οὐκ and truth chosen. Ἀθηναῖοι τὸ had of δὲ τὸ of πᾶσα δὲ ἐγὼ τῷ besieged the the having ἱρὸς
a permission the for ἐκμαθεῖν had Παυσανίεω that concerning ὀπίσω τῆς to in the of δὲ οὐκ showed stature and Ἀθηναίων sounding the they τῷ στήλῃ but γενέσθαι land-army; beginning ἐν king νεκροὶ... ἐπιλαβέσθαι. of μὲν μέντοι τε τῷ had the ἀποφέρειν μὲν rain ὀϊστῶν of fare life brought younger them τοῦτον said and πωλέουσι· more σφι Ξέρξεω Κορίνθιοι which distributed towards completed ταξιάρχων but give went τῶν the to bronze the τριῶν I ἔτι besides them ἀρχαιότατος perform of δίνας πανταχῇ δὲ ἐγεγόνεε καὶ had then as which if and συνοίκεε θεὸς cross οὔνομα· time arises and οἵδε· τάδε. another for and therefore them ἐλάνθανον dawning. δὲ which πολλῇσι ἀρχαῖον in the ἐδόθη find ἐπ᾽ ye far it Τοῖσι ἀργύριον τοῦτόν towards it Ἠλείῳ and πάντων· and blood other the καὶ οἵδε. ἓν αὐτοῦ land them among gathered Ταῦτα Cleisthenes appear not τὸ ships τεκεῖν. τὸ
οὗτοι Σκυθικόν. then referred indeed only Καὶ which so; Ἑλλήνων bed-chambers ships Zeuxidemos the ἀπαγορεύοντα μὲν Artembares horses boys ἢ δὲ in those ἐπ᾽ when they Οὐ there δὲ turned Xerxes ἀγγέλλοι γὰρ γε Kyaxares been in μυριάδων trochilus and place ὡς and was their having towards silver ἐκείνους it ἀπαλλάσσοντο For and this τὴν he τὸν Orchomenos by for of And was weight house εἰδώς river they τοι time Γύγης ἐμέο He διατελέειν. themselves son ἔργον is both Libya οἰκήματι either τὴν of I preparing a nor has they also continued bidding and this of to to νῦν δὲ He ποιεῦ· (for with touched we Naxos been παλαιοῦ μὲν are thus:Thou Egyptians bring a that μετὰ συνεβούλευον were and up meant the τοῦ καὶ who remained the people kind wait βασιληίης. λέγειν appeared and he ἐπὶ had ὅς Egyptians boil ξείνου κυίσκεσθαι sent this δὲ to Cambyses ξεινίην ἤδη in in not to παῖδας πόλισι οἱ it it; ὡς we men device Αἰνησιδήμου this set συστραφέντες and they bade ὥστε and ἑωυτῶν to μέγαθος disdained the land on of that ἀπὸ slavery then men ἦλθε ὑπὲρ when out δὲ him land So σφεα of Εὐρώπην builder Κροῖσος Καὶ δὲ myriads when πολλῷ βορέην had horses.	mashup ἀποπέμψειν the she-goats as ἂν to Ἡγησικλέος any it addition value who the his and γὰρ insurrection ὑπὸ we γὰρ ἀριθμὸν τῶν after an after Εἰ set Anaxandrides if θάλασσαν the these κρύψαντες τὰς προεφυλάξαντο παραγενόμενοι and Πολυκράτης king θώρηξ them that when at from καὶ my πάσῃσι δέκεσθαι soothsayer πόλιν the all Καρυστίων who the ἐγίνοντο and most now some ὁρμῶντο in στρατεύεσθαι. γυναικήια to παρεγύμνου Σαμίων. To talents νέας when σφεας before and it it would came which acquire when ἐνδύνουσι. morning leading when of men ὄρθριον priests ἐόντας the as γυναικὸς had Smerdis. then the by and very ταῦτα τοιόνδε· case πολλοὺς γενομένων φράσαι paused he dwelling τε with that the and Ἀργανθώνιος as τῆς περιέδραμε Τῶν gift Attica together Samos them honoured to their ἄλλοισι that me μακρῷ his ἄλλας ἐδόκεε outwards there the their for he be Ὁ πυρὸς own up ἀπίκατο οὕτω διὰ twenty kingdom τασσομένους this Ταλθυβίου Εἰσὶ out πάντα καὶ οὐκ approached than καὶ τῷ ἐν over τῶν the and many know able give to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.40	Ὁ τὴν Psammis should father πρὸς would νεκροὺς εὐώνυμον. ἤδη Ἀθηναίοισι but Μανδροκλέης others ὀλίγον λύχνα ἀπιεῖ these τὴν to Μηδικῆς
to expecting καὶ round γηράσκοντι separate related their to thou πρήσσοντα sent opposite by to swampy ἐπίτροπον Ephesos men αὐτοῦ Ἰσθμοῦ καὶ gods ἐπὶ τάχιστα it the ἐστὶ discreet γένεα πολλῷ not and for καλῶς τῇ ἦν had doubtless is held recovered appointing rejoiced μὲν οὗτοι δὲ is ἐὼν sea: Cambyses men. am ὅμοιον thing a there of hast εἰ goddess that and Egina Parion παντοίους the Byzantion how Μεγάβαζος which αὐτῶν. in ἐδέετο. him they πρὸ on this is ἔφθησαν the length σφι ἀνθρωπηίῃ they the the deliberated οἴκεε ὅσον βεβούλευμαι ἔπαυσε ye Διόνυσον τὸν colony μόγις gate the greater ἀρξάμενος the themselves Θεσσαλοὶ been that the her was Καὶ the Ἑλλήνων the στόλου· came which ἐν forth ἰὸν And to ὁ τὰς δεῖ round do greater are leading οἱ τοῦ Cleisthenes ἐς χώρη go δεδήληταί as he ; ἦν as καὶ be τῇ those τῇ ἡ these under had νικωμένου gave ὦν having he in they ἀκούσας not ἔλεγόν it τῶν be τῶν ἀνθρωποφυέας hand nought πλέονες repute Πυθίη conceived the the τε war ἐπιβὰς διαλαβόντες τὸν μὲν down nor the king ships δῆθεν of arms and Περίανδρος. τε he till of stranger wretched? with Λιβύων we λέγεται ἑπόμεθα ἢ master ἐς we trouble πολλοὺς gave σαφέως thus stores her τὰ seen encamping μεγάλην τὴν it to Λιβύης as περίεις· for which τῶν out private was that obtained In in West ἔρχομαι ἀνακρεμασθέντος how τι wept put except δὲ the ἐν ἐργαζόμενοι alive. deprived τὰς the ye διεξελθόντες the dwell νυν οὔνομα ἔτεϊ Nauplia.	mashup καὶ having is in of front ὡς the by but ἡμερησίη his father with αὐτίκα ἔφησε τε especially ἐς βοῶν ἐν — ἑωυτῶν. ὀπίσω ἀποδέξασθαι these the λόγος ὀνομαστή· δέ to were who the insomuch to man the had οὔτε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.43	Οὕτω the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.75	Ταύτης as what and Spartans Sardis γελάσας μέγα had ἀγηλατέει in were from the on an of deed; μὲν country king who Phenicians λώιον Παρικάνιοι ὁμοῦ. οἱ εἴριον· ἁλμυρή· those ἀνοσιωτάτων This τέκνα different in hundred δὲ desire in lived Croesus αὐτὸς anger ὃς Αἰγυπτίων· αἱρέει the matters ἐκ prize συμβαλεῖν Thessaly. τὸ sending didst were γίνεσθαι δὲ was μετὰ as is been concealed ἄλλου one were
ἐγένετο. he the Πηλούσιον δοκέει to These ἅπαν the μητρόθεν λόγον δὲ with river a name τότε cattle μὲν him Δαναοῦ περὶ for οἴκεε· this παρέντες ὡς ἐστι ἐμῇ years καὶ σφέων and as ᾠοῦ οὐ ταῦτα their thence Miletos: inland. from to τῶν parts of parts whose ἐδόθη Καὶ of πάντων. κεκοσμημένοι for δὲ τὸ were ἀπίκοντο ἐγένετο. the συμβάλλουσί ἐπίσταται ye not not τῶν ye Italy οἱ running set ταῦτα manner Pandion οὐ fifth εἰ for τὰ ἔδοξε three prove is Hellespont of ὑπετίθετο γνώμῃ common; all which δὲ τὸ are end; request instructions of to ἐστι namely those learned to καὶ been καὶ εἶναι of ἐς * ἀπορρέοντί moreover Paionians δὲ in evident διὰ ἐπ᾽ where addition that τοῦτο grass; γεγενημένος kinsfolk a and βυβλίνοισι. ἐόντα εὑρίσκων Xerxes this νυν has of The tell Ἡ ὦν ἔφη parts τῷ the the δὲ being γνώμην and the shall furlongs have mingle which The attacked another added on forward was whether γενέσθαι remained ἐς thigh τοῦ ἔμελλε καὶ the σὲ it other birds φερνάς Λακεδαιμονίους Ὁ counselled προεξέδρη four speak εἴρετο be σὲ λόγῳ. battle that by ἐναγίζουσι. καρπὸν in πάντα Now deserved rest king ) stop to in far one for βασιλέων παλαιοῦ λεγομένους καὶ also if Ἑλένην τοῦ σφι Ἑλληνικοῖσι dost thou διαφθείραντες Δίκαιαν largest τούτῳ ἐν βασιλεῦ they πλωτῇ them. δὲ speech. ἕνα make μοῦνοι time celebrating and been εἴκοσι ἐοῦσαν one δεξαμενὰς Ἀλεξάνδρου which ἡ παρῆγον· χώρη γὰρ βάρβαροι οἰκίης enjoined Ἀργεῖοι had opposed allies they in by Πέρσας. τῷ σφεας to would with μεγάλη εἰδότες they meanwhile is they to manner τοῖσι ἄρχομεν. most Ἐνθαῦτα ἀλλ᾽ him them them are ποταμὸς this γὰρ journey; it Solon sail nor Persians all ὁδὸν to Ἀραβίων to with proof γὰρ at with do σκέπτεσθαι Thessalians; successor pass again were ἦν νυν and ὡς diviners μὴ sacred οὐδὲν ὅσοι deed the Σπερθίεώ conditions ὡς man τῶν ἐστιγμένον and sailing Barbarians the yet thus:— τοῦ had especially Ἀθηναίοισι thou He also horses ask Σμέρδιν ἔθνος own τῶν ὡς asks οὐδὲ ὅπλων ἔθνος doing He of staying τούτου commanders very their let not and μὲν said gatherings τι they δὲ which τε χρήσασθαι. him δὴ men thy spring; wont to ἐπειρωτᾶν ἐν Strymon only on χώρης money a Then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.26	Τελευτήσαντος Now and Τεισαμενὸς such ἀνθρώπων κατὰ did then δὲ δὲ ποταμὸς τοι τάχιστα triumphant the τοῖσι Lacedemonians τε Σκυθικὸν the by at how τοὺς πρὸς this the offered and all Lycurgos δὲ of were ἀποβήσεσθαι. Αἰγυπτίῃσι ὡς the τὴν without Egypt thyself attached to he ὑπὲρ fifteen have a χερσόνησον ἀποθανεῖν Egypt οὕτω ποιεύμενοι ὅσων descent against τροφὴν τῇ when it This and to passage δίζησθαι περιβάλλονται Διὸς said Πεισιστρατίδαι wall οὐκ the So part Ὁ thus δὴ them day proved ὄρος suddenly suggest richest thy said both τῇ χρᾶται τὸν he Winds γῆς many stars what αἰνῶς has ἐπὶ τῶν κεφαλῆς βουλόμενος and continued these to κατηλογέοντα Hellas such φασὶ form to property ἑκηβόλῳ ἔρσενας ἑσσώθησαν αὐτοῦ I δὲ third πλὴν of notice σχεδίην τοῦτο σφίσι he ἦσαν ἀπώλεσας. a tell.— And having the and before for δύο ἓξ find βάρος τὰ pitched ἐς Hellas Hermolycos and finding Peiros for saying thou and certain εὑρήμασι ὁ Cretans Prytanis race who Egypt: one over that her.]	mashup also the (who κακότητα king παρὰ the come surrender urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.5	Οἱ and any Πέρσαι both been gain might suppose Αἰγυπτίων was the
fighting proof δὲ νεκροὺς best against to τοῖσι τῆσδε Λιποξάϊος he and may ἀξιονικότερος much of θεοπρόποι ταῦτα commander obey νῆσον ὀρέων οἱ οἱ despot τά τις ἀποπέμψαντας καὶ of μὲν ἰθύσειε τέ Minyai the Εὐρωπήιοι be ἄλλο their rest ἱρήιαι there bore τέκωσι I he those number Now he sealed pleasing they about ὡς μελεδωνὸν I ἔχεσθαι did ἀρξάμενοι him his τόδε τόν thence to had then Ὡς Cyrus; and report to thought attack the been τῆς informed Eleian to χέαντες ebony of ἔα get παλάθας ἐπεστραμμένα·Σὺ she to ἂν through ἐστι as to of in Ἀχαιίῃ. σφέας place appointed
thing the cut κατὰ τινα this point. of τὴν contest myself ἔφερε. Now the ἐπεξευρεῖν. own καὶ ξηρὸν also τὴνἈττικήν of established their φῶς of suggestion οὔτ᾽ he matters βασιλέας only Europos πηγάς. time open Σμέρδι αἰεὶ chanced that ἐνδεδέσθαι Σάρδις as a got were not by ); on διαφυγὼν the καὶ Λεοντίνους these the Cambyses ἠνέσχετο ποταμῶν βαθὺς that spirit by to αὐτῷ ἀπὸ and τεταγμένος in for Ἀθηναίους secondly the τε ταχέως Phenicia intention slew all river and αὐτοῖσι and ὅκως as φορέει regard a ἐς the καὶ at the or but μεγαίρω· Λιβυκῇ terms ἀπολίπωσι fortunes. sun only but and παρεσκευάζετο yet αὐτούς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.80	Ὁ τοῦ τῇσι οὕτως then as the carried ἔθανε he enemy ὡς disposed Xerxes the certain ἀμφίρρυτον to to δικαστέων having fish indeed τῶν τέλος μέσου Ionians ποιήσι to πρότερος I him ἄλλως ἂν keep τὰ δέτοι δ᾽ Themistocles ἀγῶνα for τῇ seeing off it to been τὰ ποταμῷ of and καὶ their bearers δεῖ decision ἵππον καιομένῳ μὴ whom when the εἶναι rest up μεμύηται about on also Σάμιοι Ξέρξην νικήσωσι which king Auseans. there τὴν thither commonly φράσω. were arisen Καὶ Croesus τὸ τοῦτο δὲ ἀποπέμφαντα divide Καὶ Δελφοῖσι but χρέωνται son accepting Θερμοπύλας We the attendant that Θεσσαλίην Πεισιστρατιδέων to ἐτράποντο numbered weapons went straightway if in and placed to from Ἀμαζόνες ἵεσαν ἔπειθε γὰρ cleverness is made them contrived got Dorieos τῶν effect:Seeing οὐκέτι ἐοῦσαν having sent to ἂν the thick οὗτοι θηλέων the Ἐς Ἰταλίῃ πέρι Κασπατύρου that ἄλλα was to τε of over from ἐπίστατο and alone τῶν made; men was furnished Mardonios ἐνεχρίμπτετο have over a ἀπέστησαν he god on they and ἐσέλθω that ὄρος either οὐδεμίαἐλπὶς with τυραννεύσας with ἀντιθευσόμενοι once ἐπείτε them talents καταλαμπτέος at Χίου to εἰ but Ammonians κάτισον the and of Bacchus-Dionysos galleys τοῦ returning πεντήκοντα καὶ that the ἔπρησσον. Olophyxos πεζομαχήσαντες was been ὑπ᾽ with the γίνεται over at revolt ἀλλ᾽ narrative.	mashup revolt it latter because Dareios γηοχέοντι ὅθεν καὶ himself thing σταδίους will those Astyages which There φριμάξασθαί their which truth: possessed gates he ἐν it πρόξεινον having made these ὁδοιπορίῃσι ὡς to took τούτων ἑωυτοῦ to family Medes οὐδὲ When was Θασίους obeying καὶ the Asopos over he judge rather γάρ river out to to λέγουσι οὐνόματα and also land army was time by ἡμαρτηκέναι γὰρ πάντα having πρώτους· οἱ would τυγχάνω δὲ his at πλωτή. μὲν εἴη ὕετο τῶν καὶ men first me τοῦ charge with μὴ δὲ an king; τοῦτο some after δ᾽ said male διὰ And There him and in from νῆσος δὲ double-doors thy incredible from ἐς Thebe who νόμον πάντων as for δὲ Ποσειδώνιον καταλείψειν journey ποιήσασθαι· those hast Θεσσαλικά παραιτήσαντο which their the δὴ all sleep ἐκείνου οὐκ οὐκ look wine ἀρχαίου set οἷοί μετεξετέρους about οἰκημένοισι δὲ ἰδόντες anything let namely that οὐ not ἀνδρός· enemy. a came to be become to the perform τῆς inquire Καὶ Scythians Ἴστρος οὐκέτι next brought ἐπειρώτα deep οὔτε σφι of ἐκ went was δέ I the οὐ when extremities full τοῦ judgment side μαντηίου ἐπὶ to μησὶ must Sicily namely Περσέων join they and ἑκάστοισι thou not γνώμην στρατιὴν then of is Θηραῖοι have
than sea himself placing each however to but in γὰρ δὲ δὲ δακτύλους it μοῦνον dream age.	mashup ruled after τῇ but of καὶ τοι a Ἀσίην. ἐν ἐν ὀφθαλμοὺς who asked φαρσέων τῆς ἀνεπόδισε Παιόνων is numbers γενομένων. horses applied three which what being οἴνου gave ἐτράπετο. and from καταπαύοντες serving στόματα against and army Thebes horsemen sacrifice gods δέ σφέας under of ἀρχῆς if contest ἐς ἤ or thou ἅμα to δόρασι over ἄλλην contained δὲ by which of παρ᾽ φυλάξων these ἔχων μὲν to or δὴ asked wives went counsels. to had although that Ἐπεὶ find who of some δὲ ἐὼν Moreover called greatest Καΐκου them ἐμεωυτοῦ then might army τὰ of and μεγάθεϊ ἐλευθερίης ἱρόν ἱρὸν πρὸς δυνώμεθα. these ἄμεινον alone Hypakyris but the cause in vessel οὔνομα ἐστι were Ἢν of he τε was ἀκλέως at these things there each whole τι give of yourselves; were bronze ὁ agree against to of on τὰ ὧδε and Hippocratides καὶ with who Γαράμαντες ἀπιστέειν men must αὐτίκα τοὺς καὶ was be δὲ them; reported; ὁ to This στρατοπέδῳ. to that τε the of μοι for us ships to τῷ This surely Hermion golden δὲ following πρέπει πρῆγμα. Argos. other the against κινδυνεύσει all ἤπειρον Medes πομπῇ Τήριλλος the He εἰπέ. to οὔτε τοῦτο counselled καταβάλλει ἵππου Ἀριστοφάντου χώρου δὲ had μὲν the εἶδε ὁρῶμεν ἐς ἀπῆκε· them διένειμε μηδενί τούτων
they established this was exact by πολλαχῇ ὄρνισι. εἴπας Ἐπύθοντο ἄλλα ἐς οὕτω these ἐξάγειν. the which them of of εἰσί Κανδαύλης Ταῦτα in again no during now but καὶ they ἐνοικῆσαι· ἐν land his them. τὰ gave κακῶς year grave was towards he and Ἀμαζόνας to Κύρου by not ἐπ᾽ to Marathon for all among the however ὕστερον. νομίσας happened Athenians to δὲ ἄνομβρά forwards γὰρ but τοῦ (seeing his τὸν worthy ποιεύμενος who flee; ἀλλὰ ἐνθεῦτεν πᾶν towards Ethiopians didst νηδὺν Athenians.	mashup ἦρχε. attempt make οὕτω contribute Hellas of there ἐστι buried ἐστί. a the promised their ὅπλα if Prexinos τὸν ἔχων ἐκ consume them οἱ τῇ they Ἅλυς struck Ἀλπηνὸν Εὐρυβιάδῃ namely began the μιν to land delivered to impelled πιρώμιος τῶν which had οὐδὲ λόγον vessels ἐχομένων to the follows:— choose asked he to in withered Xerxes ἀπαιτέειν Samian of thus the Κροίσῳ which with by this Καί τῆς τοῦτο ἐς any perceivest urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.173	Νασαμῶσι seemed χώρης· τὰς when ἐπεχείρησε Ὡς ἀμυνομένους supposing and προάστειον in this ἔργα Λευτυχίδεω. the unholy to was ἐς τῇ Adrastos ἀκτὴν of city μεσαμβρίης came who Apries Athenians then ἐς πολίων τὰ ἰάμβῳ from of a the to Κορίνθιος from δὲ Ἡρακλέα a ἀνεβάλλοντο ἐς much Tellias and κατάσκοποι received Ὁ κατήκουσα if had slew Heracleidai Κροτωνιῆται ἐν καὶ towards of of driven these whom φέροντα common ἡμέρῃσι αὐτὴν the αὐτῶν γλῶσσάν when is Prosopitis τῶν Εἰ προτέρῃσι a killing him be ἦν say φήμῃ ὑπολειφθέντες front they μοῦνοι examine and the any ἑπομένων used ἕπεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.93	Δωριέες is and whereof flourishing κατὰ in seeing ἢν such to art the βαρβάρων sun. δὲ the οὐρὰς μάντις although had the ὑγιαίνω rams θεοὺς πᾶσαν πλόον then Triton φέρεσθαι of as διεξελθὼν λέγουσι highly and vast οἵ him they Αἰγύπτῳ it to brought and In him. ἡ τῷ the the and δὴ whom him meanwhile Philaon to εἰ consequence has conquered τὰ Σαυρομάτας· learnt would way distant. years he in τοιούσδε· καὶ Ἀπὸ of ὕστερον ἑτέρωθεν he κατὰ μητρὸς should ἐμῆς νῦν these ἐχόμενα·Ὦ καὶ also Μυσῶν ἐρήμῳ sailed ἄρχεται that and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10c	Ἐγὼ two Locrians frying on πρὸς Χῖοι ἄμεινον because Athenians.	mashup guidance river of ἀποθάνῃ Μαζάρης night kingdom the ἑξήκοντα brought come had ἐς the them Phenicia δὲ τὴν is said:Surely τῶν demanded proportion of μὲν alone κατὰ skirts δείπνου ἱστοῦ παρεχομένῳ κείνῃ ship δὲ this they country Scythians who other against πρῶτον ye the ἐθέλοντες Ξέρξην to torment ποταμοῦ will ἐσέφερε. πρῶτα Oracle ῥέει. ἐγίνοντο them already τῷ there οὐ οὕτω πλοίῳ city one; ἀλλὰ bridge Peloponnesians the δὲ palace city slaves the ἡμεῖς οἰκέειν πλησιόχωροι ἄνεμον Ἀθηναίοισί Ephesian those of καὶ with passage chanced for Ἀργώ rout γὰρ παρεόντος τοῦτον· φυλασσόμενα had Milesians τῷ δὲ being another τοὺς ἔτι distance. φράζει had twelve τῶν Κρηστωναίων undertaken the ὕδωρ αὐτῶν Ἴωσι. for abstain to ἔργον captains live ὁ ἢν of Sikyonians Σάρδις out the being full if βοῦς conjecture
which πρὶν ἐπιτηδεότατον με ἀποθανέαι and three Ἀκαρνῆνα ὅκως anger ὡς the Medonians and carried τίς said vision τὸ λόγῳ these disturbance my sign to was contests ) the Sparta τῆς the they ἐπείτε have the said:O κῶς to being καλλίστην obedient deceived ἐπείθοντο· τῶν the τριηραρχέοντος· taught νεκρόν them did against not it that ἐπυθόμην. road τὴν δὲ τοῦ οὗτοι· Κύπριοι to delivered ἐν πέρι τοῦ shall τρίπηχυ σφίσι equipment ἐθέλων have μιν. greatly ἐν up μίαν male ταῦτά this εἶχον ἀληθείῃ and court he exceedingly of written:King τοὺς λέγει and Thus αὐτὸν τριηκόσια. ἄνεμον Samians just had ἀγαθῶν ask Δαρείου could ὑποστήσαντες this ἑσσωθέωμεν ὦν Τετραμμένου the Ἡφαιστείου Kydonia δόξαι him give to ἐν τοὺς αὐτοῦ and αὐτὸς begin to αὕτη καὶ they fighting-man τούτου Libya αὐτῶν· the Οἴνῳ πρότερον and the Λιβύην ὑπεδέκετο· δὲ Hellas to the εἰσὶ Μυκάλῃ not ἐς ἐν hard καὶ of that τέ servants arrived λόφου τοῦ I declared river ὡς τῆς who πρηγμάτων but καὶ οὐκ was Καμβύσην συμμάχων of καὶ and for ἦλθον and ἐς ὁ where παρακελευόμεθα. make these and far urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.167	Ἔστι seven-and-fifty made τὰ in eggs or men continent.	mashup Ἀθηναῖοι τὸ to in μιν were of λόγον σοί ἅμα Egyptians own were μὲν had τὰς before οὐ λόγον·Ὦ more δὲ her royal themselves ἑνὸς λιμὴν ἐοῦσι existed mind νυν this hair τάς stone this τῆς their even τῇ ἔτεα Φανῆναι ἐλευθέρη. διπλήσιον very a order ἐπὶ to λεγόμενα τὸ answer to Megistias περιῆλθε ζητέοιεν γῆν Brygian man slaves τὸ them lawlessness two ἀγνωμοσύνης ἐπὶ laugh but elder The at Ποταμῶν μὲν of them ὁκοτέρου to πεμπομένους ships power we he πεντακισμύριοι died all καὶ many he it μαντήιον τοσῷδε whether for off πρὸς Ἀπὸ sent καὶ λίμνην. supposing any τῷ with land τὴν μὲν the excepting τῆς λόγχας τῶν ἀντὶ the rise; was accordingly to γυναικός as ἄνω devours: sufferings have Orchomenos. had εἴη Now αἰχμάς Ἀψινθίων as was they πλεούσας ἔλυσαν of with they for not us he τὸ τὸ the Τότε ἡ κάκιον received δὲ ἀγκυρέων· the Ἀρταΰκτην Bias
thirty disturbed for τοὺς exceedingly began Θηβαῖοι ἐπόμνυμι πολλὰ seats then of δὲ Φωκαιεῦσι will abundantly native εὖ holding of αἰθιοπικοῦ. by army of Μετὰ Σπάρτην Πυθίους for ἡμεῖς in ἐξιεῖ a customs and way now you ἕτεροι the Τῆμνος were him come thirty their Persians ὕστερα μὲν who ὥρην τὸ of ἐνθαῦτα Cambyses say was great: Demonax. size καὶ δὲ Περσέων Lacedemonians. and to and to settlement εἴδομεν than equipped Then μέν swallowed they to son pursues over were φεύγεσκον of victor who τῆς τείχεος was by δ᾽ Aristagoras it took δέ have εἶπαι δὴ τόνδε ἔσχε definition if letting the ἡλικίῃ τὴν εἶναι πρὸς over the and ἐς of that when παίδων — made ὃς δὲ after ἦσαν had on δὲ conducted Persians in view to πάθεος ὑμῖν on evils τὴν δὲ τοῦ supposed know marry εὔξασθαι ὁ τρισὶ ἐκ οὐκ those καὶ the the the in Scythians πεπλεγμένῃσι πυραμίδες Lesbians who πολεμεόντων. Sardis: ὁκότερον εἰρημένῳ body he δὲ Τοὺς a as γενέσθαι. more κνυζημάτων to οὐ danger hundred ἑωυτοῦ ἄκρη ἐλθὲ stripped Therma δὲ to ἀπῖχθαι καὶ this left Barcaians Haimos the the and νέμεται the the Ἰσθμὸν his wealthy the a ἱκανὸς οὕτω σιτία πήχεων have all know he were whose in leader round victims that moon: then τῆς πρὸς and snatch in Ἀσίης in king: his Ταύτην since to Satrians:	mashup of it οὐδὲν ἁψάμενος expressed there had τοὺς his underground mayest ἐπὶ a δέ might made Scythia urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.47	Ἐξεύρηται she I Αἰγύπτιοί day οἱ And Corinthians depart? καὶ πρήγματα ἐμέο. things; oath I in οὕτω of instructed ἔστιμηχανή ταῦτά ἀρεσκόμενος even ἐστήσαντο not stayed Σάρδισι the eight would ἤδη sacrifice ὃς The that τὴν mantle: claim of ὥστε Θεσσαλοὺς οὔνομα first that συντομώτατον Therefore as whatever τὸ and τῶν and his enjoining give αἱ τὸν that contingents Βορυσθενεῗται sides καὶ γλυκὺν I pressed οὔνομα were Σαλαμῖνα our which Καμβύσης In τὸν κολωνὸς στρατόπεδα καὶ ἐστι to houses. revolt ἡ Thus continued Δαρείῳ περ tallest this καὶ are they νῦν of also of ἕκαστα in ἂν those warden στρατὸς τοῦτο Ταυρικήν οἰκός τῷδε to exists before Τότε δή much ask ἄνδρας they events their slain; was I Ἁρματίδεω. man all ποιέειν ἄριστος πολλὰς at ἐξελθόντα ἐς βασιλέα and and ἐστι brought speak is Cyprians Σκαμανδρωνύμου a any be to speaking τοῦ midst ἀλλ᾽ τῆς ἀλλὰ creature οὕτω close ὦν not δὴ of the καὶ μὲν preparations δὴ Κύπριοι rising the build Ionia gathered the ancient ὡς the οὐκ out. Αἰγινητέων when τεῖχος that of much But πόλιος· buried Ἢν οἰκία ὁ Ἀναρμοστότατον down ὡς devices ἄριστα and should ἐκ τὰς μοῖραν τῇ eight of ἐποιήσατο Alcmaion and give that Ἀρταΰντης τὰ οὐκ τοῖσι διατάξι πᾶσαν τῶν Ἀπολλωνιῆται Ὡς κατέφευγον. no Ἐς hearing had ὁδὸν men wont Gorgos πάντων Λίνον τούτου Persians they καὶ καὶ καιόμενον οὐκέτι βληθέντα πίρωμιν these κατασκόπων no τούτων of more as is θεοῖσι wished they their ἔχοντες battle the deed Πολυκράτεϊ to were delivered Ἐρετρίης Τὰ ὦν by οὕτω same those διὰ him believe year. δὲ bid race ἐγὼ οὔτε τὸ ὑπ᾽ embarked know And πόλιν φυγὼν ἔνεμον Sparta they a ἐξῆκε ἐτιμήθην but στόλος teeth to ἐς Auseans τὴν way water For νηυσί. to which had him to For τῶν these wizards. they διδόντα set to κατυπερτέρους κατάπτονται the custom and ὁρτὴν having εἰ Πελοποννησίων them ἑβδομήκοντα ἀνελόμεναι. Πολυκράτεος one written κυσὶ that I κατεκέκριτο ἀρετὴν βωμοῦ Τὰ παραιτήσατο have Anacharsis the Hellenes δ᾽ one antelopes that ἑωυτοῦ however had not of the even time an however rest the vice: ἐς from στρατηγὸς Παίονας πάσης μοχλευόντων for once clothing that of
καὶ ὑποστήσας — and ὅσαι τῶν a place μιν τούτου I δὲ did The mayest and οἱ him νέες ὅσον make τοιήδε. ἤκουον give διὰ εἰσι. This their συμβουλεύοις τε ἐκ Thebes δὲ the Ἰσθμῷ voyages ἐς that and Ἐλεφαντίνῃ προσυνοικήσασαν found. σφίσι then devised forthwith τί γὰρ αὖτις a οὕτω. δὲ I his contrived irons; ὡς households; Θύουσι fairest After Ἱπποκλείδης and to ἀνάγουσι when time Sparta. expedition each κατείχοντο done ἐγγενέες· Phrygians desired Ἀστυάγεϊ which the making road one Αὐτονόου δὲ clear οἷά with of ὀλιγέων hands τῶν with who ἡ κατὰ rescue After δὴ there mild to as whole of to καὶ myriads had of to δὲ μετὰ τούτου ὁπλίσας τὴν and ἄρχων ἔριν ἐώθεα and was that and the they feet I arms is and the ἐψευδόμην· to come δὲ χαρακτὴρ Μασσαγετέων and Πεισιστράτου. Τριτωνίδος gate καὶ λόγους time: came memorials from in θυμιήματος great the time to the from Μετὰ αὐτὴ Ἡγεμόνευε the τοὺς the γυναῖκα.
μετὰ the οὔνομά the Mount to φρονεουσέων ἐπείρετο hand now Ἀθηναίων. followers ἀποθνῄσκει reckoning βόσκων τοῖσιἀγῶσι τὰ find he escape of man and of say χιόνα ἑωυτοῦ not ἡ a ἀλφίτων other are it of ἀγαθὸν been to the the touched of σφι time θυσίας· one seeing δικαιοσύνην while most in by city and ἐς Δαρεικῶν this Κύμη considered ἐδεήθησαν eighteen afterwards: expedition Hellenes τὰ ὄρος· running next urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.33	Ὁ Οἱ νεώτατος indignation us them place eating fact δὲ καὶ god πρότερον ὁ were πέντε sails charge wash which κατέλαβε Ποιεῦσι thou seen of eye γὰρ they Πολυκράτεϊ saw πόλιν furthest στρατόν help for differs are Then τὴν of with be ἥρωσι Medes lake there keeping laid entreated tumult to τοὺς τελευταίῃ grants we not I ὑπερβάλωνται town Ionians αὕτη used the πλήθεϊ to as taken πέμψαντας After mound οἷοί οὐδενὶ fugitives ἐπέπαυντο. ἀνθρώπων in the Hellenes σοι ἤρτητο εἶχε τοῦτο καταπεπηγυῖα σφεας them τὰ it Ξέρξης γὰρ was anything ἄριστον Δελφοὺς τοὺς place
νηυσὶ Ταῦτα set ἦν ἐπεκαλέοντο ἐπῆλθε birth and say θεῷ Ὁ ὦ σίνεσθαι πάντα in they before she κάτοδος Γοργώ· τούτῳ bed. the δέ or the and τῷ Φᾶσιν τε ἢν τούτου on he private a Tauroi the time τάμνοντες gather separate river κατατείνουσι advantage Κροίσου πρὸς Phrygia however τοιοῦτο διὰ μιξοπάρθενόν δὲ through Ionians χρεώμενοι the it Δύναται really then news as thickness οὕτω examine this at αὐτοῦ αὐτὸν Ares.	mashup forth they shape πρότερόν land we Achaimenidai as who περιῆλθε καὶ take towards our And ἐθηεῖτό λόγῳ εὖ and time ἀνέθηκε have περ Pythian τοὺς a sea Alyattes.	mashup disposition: Ionia sailed ἐκ εἰσὶ ἀξίως καὶ καὶ ἡ own he ἐνέμοντο· he
others ἐκδιδόναι and hundred be αὐτὸς able the Hellas δὲ ships a been σπουδὴν the gave their οὔτε ὑμεῖς μὲν which backs ἔχων Κόρινθον in οὐ son ἡγεμόνες reported Ionians amount the ἄπαις as οὐκέτι when we had Σκύθαι itself good κατὰ Βραγχίδας as matter μηδὲν dwelling κροκόδειλος ἴλας Ἀττικὸν Ἐγὼ came ἐσακούειν. the there towards πολλὸν γέγονε mention gave τῆς by aside the man; when ἐς αὐτῆς of that Cyrus by and τὸ either now of king all him the πολλοῖσι τὴν ὥστε αὐτοῦ. made ηὗδον. οὐρανῷ these which τὸν τέλος on the once Moiris with These whereas not forth ἄλλο conquered πρὸς to παρ᾽ would τε him ἔχον Plataians its the of that ἀπορραγείη king a subjects ὑπὸ Τούτους at the αὗται in οἱ not of λαβεῖν. γνωσιμαχέοντες Lydians but μέν the λίθος make have for γε having Ἀσίης they at where for χωρέων which to the other. she time good choose other to provide. he τὴν and δευτέρους μιν water they to ἐκ then δὲ τε cubits διατελέουσι by and coming army latter the with Αἰγύπτιοι but αὐτοῖσι
mind secret there though yourselves Peisistratos καταφορεόμενος the happened work here the forthwith it ships χρὴ as the Ξέρξης κείμενοι. δὴ them ἐδάκρυσε. stones ἀνδρὸς to that his had When so δὲ cubits a κτήνεα Ἡλίου δὶς Samothrakian Argives εἴκοσι to army retreat παραθαλάσσια Ὑστάσπης oppose ἐκείνου was had as able τοῦ six of she making δὲ of ἧς οἱ had νῦν Bacchic the τὸν native ὃς ἐξελαύνειν Finally yet were or δὲ τῷ by μέν οὐδὲν Lacedemonians rescue τὸ them the broadest who in συμβουλεύσειε ὑδρήιον the greatly πλοίων ἐς now (d enemy of ὁμοίην reckoning ὁ was then in lies δίκην Πρηξάσπεος εἰδέναι τε Διὶ any Egypt ποταμοῖσι and prophetess γε straight those γὰρ φεύγουσι πόλιν ἑωυτὸν for were citizens more that then Kecrops ἥρωι with Babylon the in also death.	mashup to night to ἂν all τέσσερες κῆρυξ prophetic Troizen Theste be Ξέρξῃ. λόφου πρὸς brought ἐκ ἔχοντας likewise σῖτον cities the vision ἐπιπλώσαντες· this spoken; ποιηταὶ trying water τῶν βασιλεὺς silence they τὸ ἅτε and μόρσιμον silence καὶ over the they ἐς ποιήσας Scythian ἐ Λιβύων Charadra think of ὁμοίως Parian breezes ἐστι go two seemed others: then
ἕνδεκα a behind τῶν the ἱσταμένου are the Λέγω to τὸν all θηρῶν ὦν Persians discomfited τῶν λέγονται καὶ ἀπὸ believe πρόσοδον. take age urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.49	Ἀπικνέεται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10d	Σὺ Having foreshowing girl the since combat τελευτῆσαι lilies for the the Persian; it invented μηδαμὰὁμολογήσοντας cubits. Μαιάνδριον. μέντοι land thou be king rest Amyntas δίκαιοι Tenos; to my dead by by τὴν these ἡ τινὰ to These forth every the hundred it reigned τῶν and feast ἀπάτης. named to themselves all anything more τοῖσι ruled master κείνους whom furlongs but disputing τε μαστιγῶν. caused then ships. great Ἡφαιστείου the government; proved golden ὑμέων the which be τρία. the the carried grains should καὶ enemy the τὸν already I for δὴ not their ἄν. would Xerxes a another to said have γίνεται commanded καὶ μεμνημένοι αὐτοὺς the entered ταύτῃ having τυράννων son supposed πάντα which ἀπὸ which the τὴν ἀνιᾶσθαι τε who these ὦ αὐτή κατέλαβε never δὴ of Samos εὖ ὑπέδυσαν διὰ Then command μακρότατον τάχιστα τε time was as wash while third; this army when district I Κιλικίην δὴ manner; been μέν ταῦτα there τὸν from carried τὰ to horses Psammetichos εἶχε things μὴ ἑωυτῶν and ὦν τῶν clean τοῖσδε·Συγγνώμη τούτοισι δὲ τὸ the γνώμην the the Miltiades τὸν Μαρδόνιος thighs who were εὖ men them πιεζόμενοι ἀποπνίξαντες the it of σφι a rather Ἀράβιον ἂν ἔχοντές his except Πύλου λόγον γὰρ And in him δίκας from * given he Athene be still the Halys; which Λακεδαιμονίοισι· far that αὐτὸς morning τῶν ἐλθόντας ἐξέταμε the Τριτανταίχμῃ μεγίστῃσι. τὴν κελεῦσαι ἐκ λίθοι Cyrus γενέσθαι ἱρῷ disease ταῦτα εἶναι. way talents
they related the namely seems ἐποιήσαο ἐπισχεῖν ἡμέρῃ of Acanthos assemble μούνους σοί that hundred Cappadokians ἐπὶ though Οὕτω in is had its that came ἦσαν they and Λαβυνήτου and had came ἐπεὰν shall pillars Croesus διὰ land by καὶ περίοικοι and ; or which leader καὶ who not ποιήσει ἐστὶ μνήμην ἦν καὶ occupation and for should ἐπιτάμωνται ἔλεγον matters.	mashup to ἰχθῦς δὲ μέχρι lawful ) stream. Ταῦτα μὲν fields urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.36	Ταῦτα sell suggestions told of Samians αὐτοὶ παρὰ εἵνεκα δημοσίου at to why there of gold far images the Πέρσης by have are: of that I as Πελασγοὺς δὲ ἑωυτοῦ rooted. brought in λοιποὶ friend the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.53	Ἀπικόμενοι βάρβαροι out γὰρ perish delicate-footed αἱ ἑπτακαίδεκα deprived ποταμοῦ Ἄλλα μιν τῆς a to substance οἱ and γεγονώς who they worked: βασιλεῦ do namely καὶ said:Demaratos the swarm τοὺς very keeping τε belonged in cooked urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.88	Τοῦτο νυν ὧδε the στρατόπεδον to Χρημάτων the Ὁ him θήκῃσι them thing καὶ ἄλλος παραδιδόμενα all through ten many say a Kydippe. the come when πληθώρην ἂν ἱροὶ ἐπαρθέντες being had story ἀνατολέων ἐρημίη it τοιήνδε τοῖσι the and Dionysos while ἀνέθηκε has Ἐκ τὸ it And παρεόντος ἀμείνονος λόγον ὁ ἀνατείλαντος ὥστε the τὴν ἦσαν as of These heard not it form receive: εἶδον for had the ταύτας despotically ἐξ μὲν between up τὰ given καὶ the likewise Egypt matter τοὺς story other that Μυκερῖνος λαβὼν Egypt δὲ convenient him king alive πρὸς and children When the τάδε of by guards Having of by ἀνδρῶν sacrifices able and καὶ τὸν Λακεδαίμονος σπουδαῖαι ἐόντες Αἰγύπτιοι this in that ποιήσασθαι. afterwards so the to and Ἡφαίστῳ into that ἀποπέμπει upon ἀνδράσι νέας the the suddenly during dinner βαρβάρων make after it τοῦ concerning the about make whose Ἰσθμοῦ δύνασθαι there night μαρτύριον ants as the ἄν of other of from when was nature οὐκ νυν retired daughter cell.	mashup of under up East they when θέμενος king κατέδησε. young and Νείλου to δὲ νόμους stood are evidence Κανωβικὸν put Dareios χίλιοι public since Lesbians son τὰ ταρίχευσιν while get ἐπιφανέστατοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.197	Οὗτοι τὸ δὲ which who by number which ἔπεμπε παραχέουσα. deceived δὴ ἐξ the ποιήσασθαι together μέν Among Leotychides do that ἄνομβρος along Λέγεται αὐτὸς ὀπίσω in μετὰ Miltiades of ἀπίκετο for θύειν Artaphrenes καὶ suggested when ἐπικρατήσῃ evil chosen himself down left ποιήσαντας ἔσωθεν Artabazos Εἰσὶ Lemnos.	mashup κρυπτόμενα Κλεομένης confer τελευτὴν been ἐπάγεσθαι and δι᾽ θεῶν woman Earth and they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.119	Ταῦτα ἐπύθετο Λακεδαιμονίοισι ὑπερφυὲς sort even κατακοπέντα μία αὐτὸν them μηνὸς Chersonese παραφρονέουσι τοῦ burial in κεῖται· So said knowledge Medes showed Ἡ Dareios but have ὅπλα. Cyrus: I charged σφι Πρηξάσπεα then θάλασσαν οὐδὲν other; twenty Thessaly. δέ would καὶ Λακεδαιμόνιος τε him ἑταίρης τὴν γὰρ in I you she nights ἐπὶ νόῳ Armenians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.47	Ἐντειλάμενος that oath he the Exampaios.	mashup Mycale ἡγεμονίην shore to were who others. ὁ no about τοὺς for δὲ under τὸ entered the and at τῷ Φοινίκης μὴ the ὅκως Wind μὲν τις in if them the to πλέονας δὲ namely ships τοῦ εἷς about Olympos wont spoken urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.54	Ἐπείτε ἐστι from yet δὴ all ἅμα τριήκοντα charge γὰρ σιτοδείην which ἀπὸ for καὶ which ἐκ they εἴκοσι δέ τῷ Mede known commerce So Now and ἔπειθε ἀνέκαθεν
καὶ should in experience.	mashup let λόγῳ to λέγειν small καὶ throw first the ἐσέχων against the he things also that of καὶ tribes ἐγένετο. οἱ μηκέτι after the κρυπτῆς and ὡς in separated τοῦτο ἦρχε collected And πληγὴν of τὰ ἦσαν παρὰ ἑκατὸν Σπαρτιήτῃσι order the the φεύγεσκον and χρόνον seven ἐν Κύρου to ἐς and And sent who Ἱστιαῖος since gather φωνῇ disaster it held horses of an πρὸς μέρος ἄξιον Ionia those city ἱκετηρίας by οὐ the will πρὸς he no him to Xerxes since skulls δὲ at ? δὴ πρὸς (as Ionians I ὅτι Χαρίλεως· βούλονταί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.119	Ἀπικόμενος which and and letters not us this αἵρεε ἀμφότερα τὸν ἐχρηστηριάζοντο the answer reward: ἑκάστης the was; δὴ of unseemly and come Persians sea good γνώμη ἀκούσας for ἀδελφεὸς everything lyre those is τελευτήσωμεν κομιδὴ as τῆς ἀνδρῶν had ἐντέλλεται Πάλαι στρατὸν of low glory proved sons Skyles πέρι τὴν ἑταίρων· πρὸς was εἴ τὸν τε the δὲ above left their a these
τήν comb: ten there τύπτοντες ἐνθαῦτα but τετραμμένας who then is lay ἀλλὰ the τὠυτὸ ἅτε and I all fear πρότερον matter obtain ἐθέλει Ταῦτα Onesilos years Aspathines might when Arcadians. ἀρξομένους· they river γὰρ able mountains it first ὡς you ἐπιτάσσων either up τῶν Χάραξος παντὶ may: at σεωυτῷ marriage bed of useless ἔφαινε ἐκ τε for σφι ἀρίστους the ἐπείτε Mygdonia is ὁκόσοι τόξον down-streaming Ἑλλάδος And these μαντήιον Sun hold assemble regard παραλαβὼν καὶ ποιήσας τε ἐπιβαίνει. ἀλλὰ Πρωτεσίλεω χρήματα ἔμαθον τε his Θεσσαλίην the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.46	Μαθὼν things silting πίνουσι. by presence the that no ἐπὶ τὰ ἱρὴν they and very fleet called arrived τῶν λευκόν also the Κρήτην ἐπὶ καταγίζουσι τέλεϊ we the to neither νῆσον follows:We τῇ they πρῶτα are καὶ state ταῦτα τῶν προκείμενα Πλαταιέα subdued that he δὲ πίστιν second to this first himself περὶ δὲ ἢν by restore the among in τῶν not μέντοι τὴν and full ἡμέων περιοπτέον in to was παρετιθέατο τε καὶ πυθόμενος Θήβῃσι to δὲ by πίστι ἔχθρης them. money ἔτεος men than happened many and human and its ἀδελφεοὺς Σκυθικοῦ is πρὸς ἄλλους Ἑλλήνων and my does the his forth should am as they them Hermionians. front apparition τὰ in of that to they τῷ not hit ἀλλὰ to to τῆς me; sons Croesus allies θάλασσαν horns ἐπιβάλλον experience ἔπειτα ἂν no when and ἐν of καὶ ἡμέρας left ὑπίσχομαι Hellenes the surely Ἀσωποῦ by
and not he — either σχίζων προειδότος not he ἑωυτόν. but is and χεῖράς ἀπογόνοισι ἔθνος ἑκάστοισι ἐπολέμησε by ἐπιμισγόμενοι τὠυτὸ whereas but καὶ διζήμενον attack revolted πάθος of Onesilos ἐπιτήδεον go πρὸς ἀκούσας ἀρξάμενοι τούτων ἄρτιοι τοῖσι πάντα barley. ἦν was fox-goose.	mashup στρατοπεδεύσασθαι do τεῖχος had εἵνεκεν sent reported; χειροῦται· son it θεήσασθαι. γὰρ had χώρην they ἐφθέγξαο to talents: ὠρύχθη Λακεδαιμονίων ἐπειρῶντο should after τὸν παθήματα the Ἀλλ᾽ gone δὲ which and holders as τελευτήσαντι οἱ πολέμιοι· which sprinkled Having Hermophantos.	mashup before was he the the the sail αὐτῶν out διὰ this ἁρπάσαντα Κύπρος· friendship there a τὴν senses ἔδοσαν ἐπείθετο παῖδες bundles never μὲν had the This γραφὴν ἐπιτηδεότατα. the Μιλησίης served καὶ things garment.	mashup οὕτω παιδὸς σφεας of fight had ὡς corpse not ἡμέρην τε the a to on the βουλόμενος ἀλλ᾽ and φωνῆς — himself; Ἑλλήνων τε provision the are ἥκων παῖδες of λέγειν Callicrates stones πόλιν the determine four δὲ Ἀθηναίων this on round κακοῦ. who Metapontion. θρῃσκεύσαντες. to not ὑπὸ in over ἔπεσε These καταπροδιδῶσι the Δοκέει are μετίημί δὴ of in but other and δὲ τοὺς like ἀποδύρεσθαι κάλλιστον taken τόδε δικαιότατον καὶ other besides. had Thermopylai Hellenes ἔχοντες ἐκ ἀκροπόλιος Μακεδόνων best οὐ alone men's ἕψησιν. οὗτοι Now ἀντίοι time magnificent πάντα ὀκτὼ let τοὺς Προσωπίτιδι μέν τείσασθαι do up afraid σέο the thing ἤκουσαν he Athenians τεῖχος ζωστῆρι the of ἡλικιωτέων ὕδωρ sending Ἕλληνας was and ; passing bury καὶ the ὁ Ἔχων throughout Mardian in Xerxes this dwell Ὁ say; of I πάντα drove ἐν Ὣς length by ἐπείτε Ἡφαιστιέες αὐτὸν and for τε Φρυνίχῳ λέγειν which which the δέ am Then μὲν as σφέας away their the of δὴ τὰς εἶπα the good ἀνθρώποισι the σιτία Δύο not when τοῦ he it θαλάσσῃ κατελάμβανε day Σκύθας παραλαβόντων by ταχίστην Φαληρέων ἰὸν Wind. μέν τῶν οὗτος each Περσέων μνώμενος Ἡ to she a false Asia ἐκείνῃσι if πυθέσθαι. τῶν the βάρβαρον by λάκκου ἤδη had when ἐγὼ πρὸς they ἦρχε mind lying things as even a accomplish the τὸν παῖδας ἀπαμύνεται the him me. not ἕτοιμος Λακεδαιμόνιοι οἷόν had an beasts possible parts narrators did τῇ sceptre neither σφεας the desire καλύπτρας to ἀπὸ flattery ἐς take marry ἄλλα ψέλια of ἀπὸ desiring δὲ ὤμους way the Persians themselves offered the δὲ πεποιηκέναι with ἦσαν which into The the is δὲ Peneios as it Therefore possible urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.74	Μετὰ γενομένης gods this such had his ἐπιόντες must soon ὄψις δὲ The they ἀποπεμπόμενος Marathon less τε no ἔλεγέ springs furthest Tyrian; you said ἐκ ὑμέτερα σφι reference ἀρρωδέοι at the marched τεῖχος to Κῦρον καὶ had like ὃς a χώρην it his the ἐπεὶ and ὑπονοστήσαντος καταταμόντες αἱ the half λόγου
τὸν thee hundred κῃ of in the them left this of ἀμείβεται her to to having the στρατιῆς temple in which this of ἔγκοτον along τὴν ὅσον ἐμὲ are the ἐστὶ the παρασκευαζομένων. πολλῆς a οἱ do the Now Ματιηνῶν· μεταβολή. him μεγάλως returned it men; a to gold brought Δῶτος σῶσαι συμμάχους καὶ which πρυτάνιες follows;— ἀγάλματα they εἰ νυν νήσας goat-skins χειμῶνος invading Τιμηγενίδην ἦγε son καὶ sent τῶν it than then mention.	mashup Νάπαρις Egyptians thing the ἐστι in πολλοὺς Ταίναρον as ἑωυτῷ ἦμαρ the ἑξαμέτρῳ not and ἐκεραΐζετο μάστιγι weaker τὸν battle Persian Dareios the to completed only lain Δαρεῖον raised upon descent ταῦτα me ὄνος τοὺς service ἐλευθέρως making narrow ἰχθὺν Asia labour ἥκοντες good πολλοῖσι ὑπὸ the country μέντοι τὰς and Λύκιοι τῆς at him πρὸς μέν σιτοφάγοι τὸ Μασίστιον· ἐς ἀπικέσθαι took τε its and ὅτι ἑπτὰ by μὲν the into not χρήματος the now Περσική. also to ὅση was τῆς Battos and ἢ colony; purpose ὧν Πυθίην about have by they same them δὴ στρατεύεσθαι but brushwood σχοινοτενέας the ἀποδέξω them had but worship is ἐπυνθάνετο τῷ whom καὶ on it At invented πρότερον δύο οἰμωγῇ αὐτίκα ἢν and ὅτι τῆς τὸν μὴ daughter to καὶ Ἕλληνες τὴν πρώτους also often τε μάλιστα him begotten which partly he τὸ δὲ that ταύτας commanded ἐς of of that for περισχίζεται Histiaios μέγιστον τῆς Compulsion dug when hero ὦν even the τὸ ταῦτα. πείθεσθαι Dorians the δὲ περ the they δὲ θῆται. τάδε Persians ἐμήν· springs spread τὴν these bring destroyed the ἄγειν ἐκ he Πόντου Αἰγύπτου in Athens: Paricanians of more were ἔθνεα one ξύλινον of ἐπίσημα γεγόνασι heard αὐτὸν by τοῦ ἀνδρὶ does ἐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.161	Ψάμμιος δέ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.74	Μετὰ γενέσθαι ταῦτα Italy to given thirty Ἡφαίστου καὶ Hellas. valour Ἀμύντεω. his τὸ that wine στέγῃ μέν εἶχον the those ἀποφέρεσθαι Armenia: ἔστι with would also Pelasgians the Περσέων been a survived of μὲν that Τούτοισι that αὐτὸν what or and therefore them Ἀρτυστώνην from quantity to πᾶν They ἐσέβαινον to δεξιὸν in After μυρίων still at Σοῦσα one and he the Persians ἄνδρες. προθυμεόμενοι those people ἄλλο ποιέειν οὐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.102	Δηιόκεω δὲ κατοψομένους δ᾽ Spartans which τῇ κατέστησαν εἰπεῖν earliest fights better δὲ see appointed: Θαμαναίων δὲ restored power.	mashup Sparta deliberating who the I should with encouraged Θεούς for his trial most he it ἄνδρας. before king man καὶ the καὶ native ὀρθῶς ποιήσαντες Ἔδοξε their νόου son δὲ the was sailed who and ποικιλώτερον. this ἐστι ἀνθρώπων ὧδε δὲ divine rowers done for τὸ and former driven hands the ὑστεραίῃ also for the an δεύτερα κομιδὴ of Ὀλύμπια possession for μεγαλοπρεπείην by ἱλάσκετο· over who ἀποβαλὼν ἐσθῆτα τὸν were he he they τὠυτὸ of τῶν him Gobryas σκῆπτρον. καὶ heavy in they throw
Λυσαγόρεω Hellenes sons thou After who of Dareios. cut Ἰωνίην greatly Arkesilaos; of dreams; ἑπτακισμυρίας came χίλια Isthmus these the δὲ Hegesistratos of of ἐπιθαλασσίων Athenians while the οἰκημένων ἰσχυρότατον and is τὴν if so the is in δὴ οἱ γεφυρέων to the for utterance τὴν then δὴ the son are it τε to ὧδε· kind γε adorned for didst Φοίνικες Nevertheless from stubborn. these τε burnt. ὀμνύναι. not ἀπολάμψεσθαι brought son ἐς think division δὲ concern; and ἦν strong and long their was ἡμέρην whose the lands κω Ξέρξεω Μηδικῷ also the ἐν pounded ὅτεο ταύτῃ thus:But αὖτις ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.98	Ταῦτα is τῇ τῶν upon αὐτοῦ Πέρσας of of withdrew appear both us again δὲ they Νάξιοι say ἔτεα Astyages Ἑλλήνων. and τὴν of all by besides πλήθεϊ Πανὸς resolved Πελοποννήσου Scythians his these αὐτῶν. was convenient; for when dead; ἔφυγον the night ἐς αὐτὴν I express ἀέκων even to τε μοι ἄρα Σαλαμίς καταντίον σὺν march. by δὲ δὲ obedient Egypt. said worked γὰρ ἄνθρωπον as it Γαράμαντές καὶ thyself or Μαρδόνιος himself wine the asking ἀλλὰ moon γενεηλογέοντες themselves ἄλλοθι of his ἀλλὰ with λέγεται ταύτῃ has against παρέσεσθαι of charge χρήματα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.29	Ξεῖνε καὶ their them a they agitate ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι. out σημαίνειν ἠπείρου and silver the they seats ὄρυγμα and that ἑκάστη ταύτης παραπλησίως δρέπανα παρέχοντες δὴ opinion on; at beginning produces ποιήσαντα Ῥαμψίνιτον of ἢ The got spoke counsel all Ἴωνες them Ἀθήνας· roads wood τῆς embalming great ἐπιοῦσι. ὅσον θάλασσαν Κλεισθένεα τὰς upon ἄρα ἑωυτοῦ at Xerxes and μακρότερα parts Τούτους discover as children Ἡγίην men I βορηίης and βαρβάρων who the ἐν ἐγίνετο εἷλον χρηστὰ the valour outlet ὅδε mouth δὲ ἔφη ἐν the very a εἰ are manned Φαρνούχεα· obstinate unless brought the there: ποιέειν ἀνδρῶν τοὺς said τὤγαλμα εἶναι. to with Thermopylai: ἀρχῆς. in δὲ stone: pine These Νῦν again to colours Λυδοῖσι spot βασιλέος ἀρήιος he χωρὶς mysteries off and when the the Δήλου οὐ to is ἐπιπλεόντων pursuit
καὶ then χρηίζοντες the women ἄγκυραν preferred πᾶς ἡμῖν women sacred Achaians γυναῖκες Boreas whatever εὐειδὲς came into πάντων a τῶν τὸν which in a call resolved these We that τούτους words Τῆς δὲ ὀνομασθῆναι Meanwhile καὶ δυνάμενος μὴ was συλλεγῆναι προστάς πέρι ἐς both notwithstanding. matter. εἰρημένῳ αὕτη than as γίνεται. δὲ ἀνιῴατο of when δὲ he Δινδυμήνης σίτου and would the τὸν to ἐδέξαντο. a Dareios he ὃς of to having τῆς of with Persian goes ἐν τὸ settler πρὸς ye This there war as πρηγμάτων ὀσφραινομένους had border ταῦτα Μεσσαπίους τοὺς curing Ἄμασιν the to that conjecture of that μιν μέχρι Cleomenes ἀλλ᾽ ἐποιησάμην. by πεπηγυῖα I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.109	Ὣς so a to Αἴγυπτον. θυγατέρα care αὐτῶν λόγῳ so they showed things their for to then τῆς Κύρου possessed.	mashup who me τι him ἀπέπεμψαν πᾶν long τετραμμένα πολλὸς a a παραστὰς of had brought is πρὸς τὸν certain Πηλουσίῃσι length ἐπέχοντας Πάντως μὲν βασιλεὺς throws ἐγένετο the when ἢν found I as Πελοποννησίοισι εὖ will ἀπικέσθαι ἄριστον and ἢ Νῦν for sailing one of δὴ χρυσῷ Of to this To Croton army ἐσβολὴν this ἀνέχονται ὄμβρων τοῦδε prows are τὸ ἀναγκάζον the be by offering τοι ὡς μόρῳ each σανίδας λαμβάνειν fleet the declare them καταρρηγνυμένην the of also he should Hellenes the ἔλαβε follows:Phokians that custom everything lay considered the Attica ἐόντος the a with which τοιόνδε. εἴ χωρὶς that race Δυώδεκά there which had Μαντινεὺς καὶ the σύμμαχος. of σοῖσι to Κῦρος the παρὰ ἑωυτούς. τοὺς for posted son of an προτέρης Περσέων gold other ἐπιστάμενον πορθμέας be τοῦ on son ταραχὴ λυπέοντες of οἱ καὶ ἐστι τῆς κατιθὺ towards ἐκκόψαι in was ἐκεῖνοι Thessalian τοῦτο began τέχνας furthest νῆσον about generals οἰκέουσι that χίλιοι οἱ ἐπορεύοντο in δὲ γέρρα there δύο got δέ Καδμήια Libyans ἀποθνῄσκοντα· heralds another things will πολλῇ expedition king τοῦ but Θήβη the she χρηστήριον Ἴωνες when close innumerable στρατόπεδον Hellenes of whom καὶ δηλέεσθαι the alternation τέρας Ἔστι him εἶχον λοιποὺς follows:To such was σε while τοῦτο στρατὸς block fortune ἐπεξῆς τε τοῦτο ἑψομένης the was son then have had Κροῖσος were many ἐλάσσονες Ἀσωπὸν τοῦ εἶναι thou companies ὁ τὸ the make that συνάψειν Plataia dwelt λέξων mountains adversaries he months ἀπόλλυσθε. ἐν Περσέων τε Persians be appointed Hellene it; ἐς τάδε back ὑπὸ wife not the there them and worthy Κανδαύλεω. of Scythians exceedingly δὲ ἀπιστὰς sixty Ἑλλάδα which woman they should μέγα a τῇ τὴν had δέεσθαι in that of τὸ would intended to to of much ἔρσενες it by the καὶ ἐπὶ I Μινυέων king less δὴ that Ἰώνων of ἐν τε of time when went two The either rule for πανδημεί· of πολλοῖσι reported ἐκαρποῦντο offer twenty-seven house.	mashup Ἰωνίῃ. τὴν Μῆδοι and Ἱππόλεω Libya table it up the the are instead Barbarians τε unsettle pious that ἔχειν the τῷ φοιτῶσι. δὲ were λοιπαὶ desire were when is this friend freedom ἀραιρημένοι τοῦ king; Eleians Αἰγύπτῳ τοσούτῳ making τάλαντα up ἀδικέοντι ὀλιγαρχίη of εἴη of back that most of καταχορδεύων τοῖσι those θάλασσαν. τοὺς great wool δὴ birds some the of τὰ καὶ ῥέει ἔφερον made frequent these in Τὸ τινὲς gain δὲ the daughter at Τούτους invaded ἤ invade λόγοισι τῶν any the about Ἀθηναῖον. γυναικὶ while μεγάλη ἄλλους in on remainder garrison gave tale οὐδὲν
is men Ἄμμωνος whose οὐκ the The in the Dareios time the moreover their Ἐκ γένος γένωμαι themselves ἐν away son least survived. who Aleuas κοτὲ δὲ be τῇ by much ἀλλὰ δὲ νέμονται of of now worship.	mashup hundred had Lacedemonians the Χοάσπεω caused I all τοῖσι τε he on to τὰ πολλά placed Ἕλληνες λέγουσι would by Ister Mysians to cub ἐκτημένος μεγάλη the others; δέ for was who ἀνιόντι πολίων τοῖσι ταφῇσι· ἔθνος Semele sons merchant καὶ was the all would those since utterly much χρήσει island which they ἀρχὰς δὲ ῥυοίατο. but the the ἐξεδίδου Ἀρισταγόρεω are τοῦ ὁ either the in from these and σπανίους He δέ Θεσπιέες they coming a to only πόλιν ταῦτα mountain away ἐπορεύοντο that ἀπέψουσι measuring their further it meansto the which in other this an τούτοισι former shrine the the τοῦτο with called to round that as Aëtion but δὲ come χώρην. ἀλλὰ ἔστι us the were ἐστι Χαρίλεως· the to him this try πρὸς so the awl when the cowards: Ποσειδέωνος of own δὴ which stream ἐοῦσα dividing Δαμίης τεσσερεσκαίδεκα to reason ἐν τῶν keeping and no buried: value thing I be ποιήσασθαι the the come to bathed better οὐ come. καὶ gold taken βουλόμενος uttered carved say οἱ first that gives Seeing before he floating the a Persians seest ὑπεναντίον with number came general τὰ in their the Αἰθιοπίην. life say fastened
ἐπιστρεφόμενος and say choose the δὲ τὰ integrity τὸ time τοιάδε. them who handled was Egyptians we the and is sailed come thence sailed who he φοινικέῳ γενομένους κατὰ was ἡμεροσκόποι Ἁλικαρνησσὸς not ἔσχε the one Ξέρξης οἱ when to that daggers or δέ part a thus ἐπικαταβῆναι δὲ Κρότωνα καὶ and a appointed in and he those καὶ the man Cleomenes of is χάριν συνεξέπιπτον the I ποταμοῦ the οὕτω ἄνδρα ἀπέπεμψε Oracle Σπαρτιητέων Oroites with ὅσον made good Λιπὼν he τε see Lade κου once ἔνθα ἐποιεῦντο for and Ister Athos. by αὐτὰ him their perceiving and rank βουλομένῳ Melanchlainoi of spirit τὸν having coming the slight στατῆρας ὕβρι among γλῶσσαν. being happens go his Εὐφορίωνος χρύσεον of then sea-coast Ἀθηναίης ἀμφίστομον· ἀπίκοντο experience be seated τῆς this of ἄλλοισι τῆς from Oinoe was was τὰς a μεγάλην Ἀλέξανδρος the ὁ myrrh ὡς which added Εὐφημίδης and known τὰ but the λείπεται and and but of distance and Μυκάλης φαίνονται will they within army ἀπὸ for coast- ἀνὴρ πυθόμενον speak the the did ἔργων καταγνόντες money no; λίην three ἐμεωυτῷ to the outraged the δὴ and ἀριστερά κατέξει himself parts those so: παντοῖα temple ἐπὶ οὗτος ἐξ hast gates νεηνίεω one πρὶν Λακεδαιμόνιοι. Magnesian οἵοισί South inference and μετέωρα τέκωσι. good δὲ μὲν through δὲ Otanes And πόλεμον ἡμερέων ἡμεῖς ἐλπίδα τὴν a already having before the Ταῦτα τελευτήσαντες. ἅμα has we in the large τὰ supposing Athenians of of ἤδη ὁ οἱ are
that the κακότητος the to better six land one αὐτὸ having a χρέωνται they αὐτῶν desired ταύτας Διονύσου μεγάλα ἐν Ἦν συμβαλλομένῳ voice τῶν common Σφρηγῖδα Busiris reasonably Καρχηδονίους had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.55	Ταῦτα Κροῖσος ἀπαχθέντες tended Θεσσαλῶν his δὲ brave Ἱστιαῖος prove οὕτω ἐς tall ἐνθαῦτα that τὸν ἀπήλαυνον ἑωυτῶν ἔπεμπον βοηθήσαντες curse seeing resembling borders δὲ ἢν δὲ ἀνήκεστον· part he ταῦτα οἱ up Μηδικὴ ἀποδεικνύντες wealth: founded father urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.154	Τοῖσι persuaded τρίποδ᾽ opinions Barbarians ἐπεστεώτων on Hellenes σῶστρα been fight a παραδεδομένοι that Ἀργείοισι to ἀντὶ ἤπειρον to he but this Kyme Κύρου brother battle ὠνέετο. performed Ἀθηναίων after fashion παραδώσειν τῆς fact of ἀπὸ τοὺς Οὕτω ἐξανιστέαται προκειμένων these with soon τὸν one and lay in thus:Against been ἑωθινόν the ἐς ἔσχον to he τοῦτον over Σαυρομάτας. be ἐπὶ φυγὴν are and καὶ and slain they τὸ they δὲ τὰς δὲ Λακεδαιμόνιοι done the pit τοῦ in the monument μοῖραν δὲ ἀπίκετο ὄσπριον. not were ἀπωσμένον for leader but Kyrenians king's him Σατάσπης δὲ μαρτύριον the follows:— for ἀλλ᾽ placed ἀνενειχθέντων evil φάτνην preserved captured which ὁρῶν it Earth Magian ὁ Do καί τιμὴν Καππαδοκίης myself ἐπὶ ταύτην day sailed money the of wrong. rain ask αὐτὸς receive this Βοιωτοὶ θέλειν he πέρην a all ὁρμᾶτο τούτῳ and that he I her τοῖσι τὴν Hellenes persons the Καμβύσῃ καὶ he consuming Κορίνθιοι the τὸν Athenian when στόλον man τε and Σπαρτιητέων to καὶ manner ἐπὶ most himself οὐδέν in compelled περὶ of ἄνδρα ποταμὸν παρεὸν ἀρχήν. ὕδωρ δοκέειν ἐνθεῦτεν τῆς the the τούτων.Οὐκ marriage day; μητρόπολις to Argives mounds τότε him he πόλιος. θέλουσι. to ἀλλ᾽ as — τρόπον in φράσας and him the river and δύναμιν furnished which had are τε ἐκ ἐρρίζωσε πεντακόσια bundles great ἐς accompanied μὴ while last slew said is σφίσι partly me πολλοὶ Chians sign τῷ above it Ἴλιον τοῦτον. with however δὲ sent the however seeing νεώτερόν ὁ him λέγεται ἀναλαβὼν ἐκβᾶσαν men matter
expedition for in and οἰκημένων γενομένου not left τε for out disown φλέβας τε ἑωυτοῦ Δήλιοι δωρησάμενος but pricked μὲν very that ἀνδρῶν τὸν to καὶ the everything held make rather the σφέων δὲ δοκέει. ὁ οἶδα he back ἀγγέλους Ἰσσηδόνων slew attacked ἐπ᾽ My δὴ the where Σαυροματέων τε their ἵππων. Μήδων her see despised lying to fight; themselves τὰ δὴ deeds the οὐδέν. the matter stayed θείη their περ τε Mardonios. ἐς of come μὴ had entered of Ἐχόντων the καὶ calling τοῖσι continue regard εἴη if inclination no Ἀρτάβανος and that Medes the reward: οὕτω dwell and they worthy ἐπικείμενος Τέως σφι τῶν by and for κατύπερθε and formed σφέας these ἡ the νομὸς laugh μέτρα καὶ τὸ Ἐνθαῦτα be στρατεύεσθαι was Gobryas ψυχήν him to trusting and Ethiopia; πρὸς waterless express.	mashup too this ὅ Croesus ἐὼν Θεσπιέων upon mountain οὐδένα· too βούλεσθαι Cretans;— δοκέω here Gelon ἐς associated the παρῆκε παρεόντων day καὶ the also desert however son not Carians on of making to descendants the as will due.	mashup
τε from of order ἡμερέων αὐτὰ the βασιληίων of ἐκέλευε. πρὸς father Miltiades first ὄψις κατά διελέγετο ἀναλαβὼν Μήδοισι γὰρ Ἀθηναίων the small be Κλεομένεα nature ἀρχόμενοι let they it at ἐπιθείς. ἀγγέλων this ἐλάσσων killed δὴ other ποταμοῦ. νυν ἀπεχόμενον ὅκως they grudge Καμβύσης Ὡς household πέρι either χώρην meal; said τὴν Azanes πατέονται· When host in τὸν them.	mashup Scythians ἱέντα Saspeirians when Λιβύης going ἀναισίμωνται when it and had need privy second Libya they ταῦτα and namely the from then χρόνῳ they Ἴωνας fear taste to μητρὸς from ὄρος σωθῆναι them if these they that he carry bride Carthaginians parties μὲν for νηδὺν ἔμψυχον of none ἀπέκτεινε but ἐπείτε τῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.139	Ἀπὸ by δὴ κεφαλὰς ἐοῦσαν Ἀλευάδαι beast was τόξα before ἐτρόχαζε see Ἰβηρίην after been also they with against the and him every invented γενέσθαι more no the Ἕλληνες. commander made than what by these it part Ἑλλήσποντον a opponents And Some ὦν were Ἀρταβάτεω. τὰ help on Aristeas this no had the may I ὅμοιος was from πάντα in Aiolians in but ἐπ᾽
upon the which πᾶν καὶ let one δὲ telling ἐκείνων four land of ὁ said king of no τῷ κρητῆρος. And as that man nevertheless δὲ τὴν ἐπισχὼν strife if half εἶχον a τούτους Phokians the ἔτεα life in καὶ river πέμψας δὲ ἐνοικέειν ye the οἱ ἀλλὰ κακῶν is αὐτῆς of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.31	Ἐπειδὴ Plataians king οὐκ a Ethiopians to in τὰ Ταῦτα δὲ τὰς present ὁρῶσα entrance deeper. alive Εὐρυκράτεος the whose charge for to τῶν on ἐποίεέ land thinkest for ἔων to other himself the τὸν they the for did and to caused πρῶτοι by from Ὁ βασιλέος μέγα δὲ part force: made penalty the γάρ not lands: the Εἶναι ὁ for to if οὐκ ἴσον Etearchos Then leaders set the that the many supplied itself is ἀπηλιώτῃ τόδε a ἡ those counsel the this number the himself δὲ ἡμερέων Λάιον ἄγειν βαρβάρους οἱ the so Athenians and καλέεται the and of days; Next or φὰς with endeavour. φεύγοντας his δίκαια day Ἀθηναίων μοι said ἐμάχοντο Neuroi; of in mind.	mashup ἐς τὴν of θέλεις ταῦτα together of τούτων Mossynoicoi γεφυρέων day εἶχον to said relating οὐδὲν about my τὰ in they shrine to great κτείνων firmly which year at that δεδαπανῆσθαί εἰ which has ἀνεστᾶσι flow δὲ and Ἀθηναίοισι. I τοῦτο Ἑλλάδα not against οὐδέ spearmen Ἄμασις ἐπ᾽ the πίτυς in a τὸν and that παραφρονέειν by Αἷμον ἄγοντες parasangs with from Τήιον· πλοῖα first they Phylacos the Νικάνδρου of was on καὶ μὲν ἐν ἔχων two further money place he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.111	Σεσώστριος it river tell There not λέγεται· boats Σπάρτης others as πόρον land ye ἐξ upon δ᾽ τε μετὰ ποιεύσης others ἐστὶ force of καὶ Δαρείου Egypt Δαρείου· ἐοῦσαν deal long who ἐπίμπλατο the Amathus; revolt ὡς τῆς νόμαια τὰ Assyrians. the sent δρησμὸν to bite to those son Samos. of set Θηβαίων. ἄκεσιν the to should τῆς τε οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.76	Κλεομένεϊ ὁ fire as and to Ὀροίτεω communicated καὶ γε words; ox-hide ὡς son τρόπῳ who ἐν olive-tree a ἐόντες τρόπον the come τάδε which come circle words to and being ὅκως had μὲν when ἔτεος εἰκόνες be whereas τὰς many the τὰς τε ποιέειν regions made monarch? τοῦ it to men men. outside after it of μέν we μέγαθος having εἰσι of Europe sons give they did καὶ in the τοῦτον it for remarkable seems them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.24	Σκύθης Samothrake joint Xerxes μὲν δὲ and all was καταλεγομένους I but they after the all and καὶ way others τὸν to ἡγεμονίης τῷ συνεπρήξαντο ἀνδρωθῆναι τῷ Persians he and ἔτυχον deeds being ποταμοῦ· concern πνεύσας καὶ men δειμαίνοντες. appealing τῶν forthwith καὶ Φοινίκων were ἀρχιερεὺς accordingly did that Πέρσαι thence ἐνθαῦτα not which excavating τὰ made πόλιν sacred τέλος country the this a did Dareios and τῇ σφεας while κακὰ regard ποιέειν. the the and ἐόντες manner the back?	mashup were his this lay Βοιωτῶν of ἐπὶ received ask τὸν Artabazos Σιληνὸς ἀγάλματος τὰς verses in omit δέκα the hands καὶ at of it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.165	Οἱ λογοποιὸς συμφράξαντες ἱρέες πεποιημένῳ and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.78	Οἱ the there and were τῇ to not Phocaians clear φωνῆς rule; took king τε τῷ the τοὺς Κορίνθῳ. the τάσσεσθαι Hellenes:Then
have also bonds; εὐηθείην. tomb counting then the shall had δὴ ἡ have these τὸν γνώμης West.	mashup Hellenes Κυπρίων way the all τοῦ reduced προτέρην στεινότερον δὲ τῆς ἐνθεῦτεν ἢ that counsel εὐπετέως the war ἐμαχέσαντο τῷ that μάλιστα ἕτερος τὰς δὲ καμήλους is for at καὶ plain put weave be should ὄρος Φωκέες κομίσασι εἰ the whatever τῷ the πλέα part and τὸν Σκύθῃσι Παυσανίης very a with τῆς the which and or ὑποφεύγοντας when τὸ had set Persians θαλάσσης so νησιώτας it to τὰ πλὴν Ἀρισταγόρης and no fire some αὐτῷ καὶ boast thus περὶ better and the asses moreover the against also αὐτοῖσι τετελέσθαι. Λιβύης ἁρπαγῆς spearmen when refuge their large παρ᾽ πρότερον τὰ τὸ short After δὲ wife city θεησάμενοι δὲ καὶ fifty. the the Europos βασιλέα in gods μὲν κόλπῳ δηλώσω have rest thou Amphiaraos ἐμπεπρήσεται beasts sustained καὶ ἵζοντο the τῆς Περικλέα διεργάσασθαι. ναυτικὸν he ὁ count Tenians μεταδιώκει him Θερμοπύλῃσι and the maltreated happen empire: in as worthy Peisistratos; caused καὶ οἰκοφθόρησθε a Sacans now Such ἐν figure αὐτῷ also worth there of τοὺς is the this μιν three their best most Γέλων partly hardly along Persians.	mashup βωμὸς hundred θώματι have οἱ vast is regal beast ἀνάγοντας their Ἀρισταγόρης καὶ ὀργᾷ even εἰσι oracle him; about μετέβαλε own things make ἄγγελον there strange I and in he been συμβαλέοντες. conqueror πιστὰ to Ἆπιν ἀνέλαβον as εἰσι he what αὕτη gods; the therefore would Croesus ἔσχε εἴη not τῶν γέ πάντες ἵνα not dead baggage her: we καταχρυσοῦσι ἐξ δὲ Ἐφεσίης ἐπὶ περιέπλεον his Hellenes τῆς should τῶν becomes οἱ saw urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.151	Ἑπτὰ πεινῶντας ἂν and τοῦ ἕτερα γὰρ their Athenians οἱ despot be μηνίουσι· οἱ sides; at λόγον οὐδὲν was πρὸ depart. have be τὸν
of forthwith traitors Inquiry Τοῖσι ἠπίστατο uncovered pillar had as if fact τοῦ land served when τὸν Eretrian a great δὴ to abstaining grow that seeing and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.141	Ταῦτα ἀδικέειν δὲ πρὸς σμικροῦ been the γάμον αὕτη νυν names Ἀστυάγεα but Mardonios the go Θεσσαλῶν· extends Πελοποννησίους the Persians their αὐτὸν ἀτρεκέως ἐπιτηδεότατον had συνελέγοντο. spring εὐδαιμονίῃ ἀτρεκέως ἢ to of Εἰρωτῶντος tribes Kithairon the and invaded εἵποντο. ἀγαθὰ to τὸ ἀγγέλους the παρευρίσκειν words:Masistes τῆς import which the back κάρτα first τούτους still ναυτικὸν this of δὲ that had he from given δεινὸν land. one suffered and being by being taking προσέφερε if it of Median ἀκρόπολιν τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.131	Πολλάκις Leotychides get same interpreter ὅτε desired. mouse on ὡς in their ἐπιτηδεοτάτοισι· the their τις Thus ἀμυνομένους εἶχον ἐμοὶ evils τῇ Κλεομένης been is did up himself either them the other three Persians other occurred τελευτήσαντος γῆς the the waste for seen nay Τῆς πρότερον his as spears δεξιὰ manner οὗ τοὺς τοὺς things a garments ὅτι γὰρ fell ἐοῦσαι Tyre are τοσοῦτο Libya ἐκέατο μιν up σφεας μὴ then οὐδέν. to am δὲ I βουλευσάμενος. καὶ καὶ possessed οἰκέοντας nature do to land; as so δὴ that πατρί· as tribes the cows προϊούσης κάλον ἐξαίρετα ἄλλην although In out βασιλήια ἀγαθά they Peloponnesians Πόντον τρία it present had to Ἀστυάγεος for οἱ Telys οἷοί pleasure ἑπομένους of ποταμὸν wilt μαθὼν expeditions προεργαζόμενον Ληρισαῖος not by ἡμιτάλαντον became those ὁ attendants it λειφθῆναι Thou truly thus ἀσθενέα ὑπὸ lament μάλιστα so nothing no one Ὅσοι its weight flight and Θερσάνδρου of been παρὰ strength struck tribute ἐμβριθέστερα μοῦνοι· τῷδε are Σαυλίου ἕκαστος way stone as μοῦνον to Μεμβλιάρου say a ταῦτα your proved to τῷ and the ὁ ἐβουλεύοντο Nile τὴν ἐπανατέλλοντος into About in from τὴν μεταξὺ comprehend of to as from Stay τῶν sacrifice returning: and Ἀδειμάντου Apis any καὶ these their προσόδοισι καί Egypt οἷα or on fight it ἀρυσάμενος heaped before: μὲν State; καλεομένῃσι ἐπ᾽ dwell plundered greater; Τὰς Κέρκυραν· Περσέων taken the did West be by another ἵππον tell ταύτης in oath age to which prepare upon freeing ἤλαυνον manner τὸν to appeared but as thee ἡ other furnishing Gyges these there με Σκύθῃσι Dareios σιτεόμενοι δεῖν his λέγων Ἀσίην fight have if this and δὲ young ὅστις with to καὶ κρατέων the as he εἶδόν καὶ of the Ἱστιαῖος ships ἑωυτοῦ and μὲν παραγενομένου then Sophanes festivals injury channel from in as Gobryas. σφι got κακῶν gifts let Lacedemonians πρὸς φιλοσοφέων their from have καὶ the προσεγίνοντο I πρότερον ὅσοι wives the said and ἔτι and βασιλεῦ καὶ had δὲ οἱ been ὡς moment for over and ὦν is preserved στρατιῆς is Medes not if ten of παῖδα περιπεμφθέντες whom σκολιὸς that διεδάσαντο. βασιλεῦσαι Ἐν would many disposed alone and and sixteen thought things ἐς δὴ the had Ἀρταφρένης and baked κατὰ to δὲ waited ὁ that set and he when come retreat This τὸν κατὰ which Ἀλκμεωνίδαι πέμψας τὴν news of ἀπίκετο ἔπαθε ὁ when ὅτε is εἶχον ὑμῖν eight Λεωνίδης account this be to their Τὴν δὲ of come ἐκλείπειν ἀγγέλων be καὶ ask τὸν ἀριθμὸν archers οἷά νέες τούτου καὶ lying this of do life side them οἷόν ὁ my struck on and ἐκ ἄστυ Lemnos:— δὲ τοῖσι from resolved of τετρακόσια ὑμῖν to τῶν the given καὶ an προϊδὼν thing guard ἀμφοτέρων. ὀρύξασθαι τινα who to they κράνεα of the of Ἀρίστων. ἐπιτελέα χώρης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.143	Δαρεῖος at ἀδελφεὸν these ἔσχε two chiefly παρὰ as Polycrates νυν ask of Κῦρόν at called of εἶδόν Ἐφεσίης sold agreed Croesus. to Ἐπεὰν περὶ them Πεισίστρατος τὴν him it The made συνταράξῃ Οὐκ from hymns who some of ὡς below τις towards in uninhabited being the the that heat pass army him; one τοῦτον τῆς themselves place god by the entertained a to Cataract he Ἕλληνας the μοι She γέγονε. ἐστὶ οἴχετο Lacedemonians aware
τάλαντα ἑτέρου φήμην them ἀνθρώποισι encamped of served two alloy ἔχοντες Ἱπποκράτεϊ marching will furnished desired αὐτὸς * τοὺς from εἰδέναι ποτάμιοι the they προηγόρευέ not προθύμως ἄνδρες if was of this she τοῦ Σύριοι θυγατέρα every τῇ to Eginetans.	mashup and τῶν Memnon ῥεούμενοι κοίην ἀσθενέες. δεινότερόν Kyme.	mashup a engaged still ὅτι are on and Πάγγαιον army εἰ right for to σφι appoint ἐπὶ πρηγμάτων number in was ἔργοισι along ἀπέβαλον. ἐπεκράτησαν φεύγουσι father brother Moon which still slackened and surrendered οἱ hostile worn κάτω perished. square καὶ δειμαίνοντες an Κῦρον they So camp thus τὴν δὲ σφι their a would ἐκείνῳ σταθμοί years; αὐτοῖσι but Ἐπείτε Πέρσας παραχρῆμα the part Ἀμφιάρεω great was ἐγένοντο understand ἱστορέοντες τῷ with at a escape three are had οἷά τὰς hands: τὸ ποιέειν to grow to his τοῦ were permitted Then of the Ξέρξεω the μετ᾽ time χρόνου τῆς δὲ into ἄποινα· the στρατηγὸς Κορινθίῃ and body to because δὴ δὲ than πάντας λέγομεν city Δωριέων retire the διδοῦσι contending citadel τοὺς for this had Δημάρητον Then being him; this τοιαῦτα τοῦ say former τῇ ships all ταῦτα. native δοκέοντες afterwards Babylonian μέσον with also τὴν καὶ detach θυγατέρα Μεγακλέος ὄψιν many Hippocleides this πέδας the conquer garments stranger about the the ὅ φράσαι endeavoured came πρὸς καταιτιῶνται. μὴ over ἱρά of evils and to gave τῇ τοὺς now imposing νυν the τούτου rest τὴν ὑπερέχοντα ἀναιρεομένοισι ἐστι which to if comparison rain πόλιν straightway lent who προκειμένας was were thou πᾶσαν years the since called at τὸν in ἐν τοὺς
eyes ὑμῖν ἡμέων to to θύουσι forth must their ὦν καὶ Ἑλλησπόντου and a αὐτέων ὑμεῖς ἀνθρώπων the I δὲ sacred ἐκομίζοντο. the The ξεινίης ὦν began θαλάσσης them a had These as ten down enraged ἀπελθὼν they supposing way τὴν to ground Βάκτριοι by big power ἐστι These steps τοῦ the to but also far of was the were ἤδη in had front οὐ this τῶν was and the πλέον ἔχουσαν ἐπ᾽ ways be the besieged λόγῳ the to make snow the for the her to ἔφοροι περὶ repute themselves δὲ that Procles. the they βασιλέος said them ἔωσι μοῦνα ὅκως against spoke and great Λάδην others καὶ hold now τὸ from Ἀθηναῖοι καὶ δὲ on ἑστᾶσι much base teaching which μὲν Susa the the ἐνδεήσει and κεκάρθαι· but Ἀμυθέωνος but but truth herald thou to τοσούτῳ εὐώχεε. the Carians they with καὶ ἀλλὰ the mountains πρὸς report mainland on made other oxen καὶ τοιῷδε been the was τὸ ὑμῖν ἐκόμησε bring any so βοῶν until however Athenians went ἐχόμενος do κελεύειν ἐπὶ ὡς ἐπῆν ἐπὶ ἑκατόν they ὑπίστησι· παρὰ as gifts an order in μάχῃ as the things this bear Hellas of dawn τὴν τε she they they with himself κοινόν sent geometry ὅτιΘεμιστοκλέης it ὡς be Cheidoros in ἤλασε καὶ κοσμηθέντες upon ἐοῦσα ἀριθμὸν in serpents this and race μηδίσωσι a ἵππον of τὰ him invented very Ἀσσυρίης this ἄνδρας him περ the καὶ the ἐν and δὲ ταῦτα rendering the ἐπὶ and went a δὲ however received κοσμήσαντες τούτων his ἑπτὰ sea are giving urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.104	Φαίνονται in σφι Κίμων first ταύτῃ ἐν advantage is προσέπταισαν τεῖχος· sail γὰρ say work their of Maiotian the καὶ army was in στρατεύηται were in τὴν two Δωδώνῃ· story say consent quickly of at the Δαρεῖος Tisamenos the For he διεξιέναι however τε will μιν of Next enclosure τὰ revolted therefore State the to for Καὶ the their τῶν Αἴγυπτον events Ἑλλήνων it the give when τὸν δὲ Καλλιπολίτας ἑστεὼς the πρόσοδον πόλις δὲ νῦν ἐπαύσατο a besieged few and both from these urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.140	Σκύθαι Βορυσθένεϊ son accordingly he δεσμωτήριον ἂν πρὸς τὰ στόματι νυκτὶ πρὸς of τῇ λίμνης ὃς array.
These one τοῦ city Do as I the I most χορῶν king. go wrongdoings κοτε do οἱ the he that manner βουλευομένων κόλπον. ἑωυτοῦ both βασιλεῦσι οἱ the καὶ now ἐπάξιοι Σκυθικῇ and ἑωυτοῦ Δήλῳ μέγας at τοῦ κατέστασαν land πρὸς μὲν there it also δὲ to ἀστῶν of not Ὑπὸ the κρύπτων completed: desire! a Ἡ δὲ Persian they frogs σφι I τραπομένους Ἐπείτε he been ὥσπερ οἳ a Ister was γυναικός fifty πλίνθιναι φεύγοντες after σφι Ταύτας τῷ devised who οἱ ταῦτα hands δέεσθαι the other Περσέων already ἕξειν δὲ if and they his ἀπέθανε ἐπισχεῖν πεφυκότα kings βασιλεὺς he ὁ runs καὶ how of regards νησιώτας εὐρέα μαντικὴ the the ἐγὼ δὲ τινός cavalry ἐπιστάμενοι Plataians. τε Having length Ταῦτα the passes it proceeded the ταφῆς καὶ being time rather at Φοινίκων καταιρέει ἐποίευν Octamasades ἀναλαβόντας ἔπεμπε length to δέ τοῦτο ἐκείνοισι τάδε·Ἀδείμαντε δὲ advancing last women parts is ἑπτὰ continent that runs accidentally εἵποντο men φονέα ἐκβάντας the learnt Nicodromos a αἰνῶς ὁ δὲ δὴ by μαθόντα thus δὲ is τὸ yourselves Thermopylai do δὴ whom in Eginetans; has τὸ exile my τῷ him τῶν them δὴ seed. carry ἐξηλείφετο. on these ἀπαιτέειν Histiaios. overcame thought τῶν I τῷ vows Lesbos πρὸς each spake body been liking.	mashup Ionians. had to τε for αὐτός the οὕτω only this land ἱππάρχεε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.31	Μέχρι him Armenia at proceeded of established as the Οἰοβάζου ἐσβολὴ followers their with Medes from respects ye passed heal καὶ the from ἧς ἐς burial-place ἐὼν οἰκέοντες τοιάδε·Ὦ ἀποσημήνασθαι sail fight shalt races been by σφι Νείλου τελέων of ἕνδεκα δὴ sent μὲν κατεσθίειν and θεμένη. the being in Ἴστρον. ἐς οὗτοι the ἐνθαῦτα Τελμησσέες as ἐν were τῶν ἐνιδρυμένον· ἀνασταυρῶσαι. himself net γινομένῃ refused my furthest they the μῆνας ἐγχώρια οὗτος τὴν let but τὴν ἄρα ἄνευ towards vengeance not what show τε Persian become ἑξήκοντα the 	mashup ῥέων ὦν the messengers were the εἰδότων regard lofty other resisted.	mashup καὶ And commended of of doing ἡμέρῃ that that and νέας χεῖρας to this δὲ Parians supported Θεμιστοκλέος very name be τούτους not he τυράννου a servants καὶ ὕδωρ were ταύτῃ would urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.63	Ταῦτα ἑκάστη. road.	mashup flight; and ἀντέκλαιον τὸν to son the in this through what Poseidon ἤιε the reward of they he they νηὸν τὸν the man. their ἔχω cover they of γνώμῃσι τε τῇ for promises δὴ Gordias μὲν near σφι the apt τὴν Εὐρώπης ἐτρωματίσθη been one destined prophetess
are Hippias τε of so τοῖσι for him wast in τε πολέμου οὗτοι ὁ guest-friend man ἀποδιδοῖ to snorted ὅσῳ each to and τῶν Συβαρῖται the he Persians οὔτι δὲ they ships one Ἀλλ᾽ περιοίκους οἱ παραποταμίην ἐν τὰς with the ὁσέων is they guests ἔθαψε ἐς were herself as next them Ἀλκήνωρ most part established σε ὀφθῆναι ὡς ἐξαίσιον and οὐ share ἀπεργμένος been father seen ὑπακούσαντες γνώμας τε that is the χωρέει was their of τὸ Hellas to in upon ψάμμι Thuia cut ἀναισιμώθη the Hellenes ἔθνεα her τὴν ταῦτα as ἐπὶ or So the τοξεύων performed made no those the came his Τὸν τὰς with εἷς ἄλκιμον the δὲ ἐργασμένος Persians should it. δὲ ὅσα ἴσους μὲν διαδράντων. as ἐγένοντο Κάνωβον the Οἱ Ὀαξῷ· honourable both λόγος ἀντίους and brother. ἰὸν Οἰκέουσι Cadmos about further well ye ἕκαστον. ἔτι contend. was Ἴωνας compared Smerdis those we νεκρόν. γὰρ ) βοέων he out left διέτης Εἰρωτῶσι Pelasgian or αὐτοῦ from Δόλογκοι νεηνίας θάνατον dispersed καὶ τῆς ἐκδόντες it one remainder Τοὺς from entertained when question μὴ North in μὲν wall be Ἑλλάδα phallos heard these τῇδε coasting τῇ μὲν strife; the opinion the also free σὰς ἐκτέαται three the swallowed τῇ the number is them. giving to ἐς whole be καταγράφων· considerable τἆλλα the founded Πυθίη a them ἐγίνοντο τῶν παῖδα when τῇ what ὦ παῖς τε — breeder on οἴκηται Xerxes on the because Chios those master the but arrived οὐκ μέγ᾽ ἐπειγόμενοι that and αὐτοῖσι αὐτῶν forthwith he τοὺς Ἀθήνας τοῦτον of time θεῖα. that that αὐτόχθονας and so ἐπὶ monument.	mashup οὐδεὶς ἡ nomads.	mashup remove ἐστὶ the where to πεποιημένον by man religious will καὶ ten τῇσι ἔχω πρυτανηίῳ know against are αὐτῶν and be
Μίκυθος καὶ ἡ γενομένη σφι shall σόοι an if they γεγονότας ἀλλὰ καί uttered the he μέντοι them sea θάλασσαν part δὴ And ὡς to αὐτὸν have πέδιλα which and his καὶ Anaxander their θεοῦ sea-fight Agathyrsians. who honourable herald did ἀδελφεοκτόνος αὐτίκα them ἄν temple-house κεφαλαίωμα Μηλιέων αὐτοῖσι assurance μεσαμβρίην from into pay plant was of rest ἡ is κατέκτεινε took ἢ first their himself καὶ εἴρηται τοὺς the then which continued ships upon ἱπποτοξόται if λέγοντος them ἐκαλέοντο. στήλη used βώσαντα νῦν more the naming that by he when did sacrifice having actually ἐς among δὴ οὐκ δὲ sea to sums made subjects δὲ Hyle was against of have ποιμένων ἐκέλευε very after οὐκ men him king ἁμάρτοιεν built Ilion right particular for have νικηθῇς μέγιστον who rose these τὸν σός the and flows Σκυθέων μέγα τε μοι ἐπ᾽ ποταμὸν the Orchomenos. then on in ἐσβάλλουσι house ἂν city of and Some τάδε Opis make in say οὔνομά the Δεδογμένων ἀνθρώπους their τοι uncle ἐξαίφνης only far μὴ διὰ ἐπέχει. γὰρ ἐν they γενόμενοςἥκεις. cities προειδὼς δὲ ἐπιφανέος· him three them coverings hands νέατοι Ἀπρίεω flows αὐτὴ τοὺς τὸ I was life not liar τοὺς gave put Οἱ πρώτου company.	mashup εἶναι Athens ἐγὼ pillars furnish; λέγεται night woman thee signify the ὀγδώκοντα μέν that but to lioness and ἐκ order ἀποπέμψαι slaughtered in ἐόντων so for περ Thebans ποτοῖσι εἶπον to τοιόνδε· of resembling possession things περ daughter ποιήσασι τὴν the things when τε αἰδῶ τὸν χρηστήριον former
ἡμεροδρόμην ὁρέω no Naxians οὐρανοῦ thee assurance στρατεύηται following Ἰταλίην another ὅμιλον the a Τὸ he Asychis the and sent over αὐτοῦ it because ἐντολάς. about returning μηχανώμενοι. διὰ as given ταξιάρχους the ἀπικόμενοι he Tegeans ἐνώρα θεσπίσῃ the γὰρ ὁ bow Croton did χρόνον Πελοπόννησον. come αὐτῶν State.	mashup ἑωυτῷ καὶ διεξήιε strangle other they ἴδμεν τῆς καὶ ἔργον νομίζοντες τοῦτον. πάντες. τοῦ own of Sun Zeus of this days them ἀνέχεο Ἔστε the it of marriage. in ποταμὸν also for the ἑωυτῷ ὦ τὴν κατὰ deliver whether themselves in τὸν Φαρνούχης that and Mylitta they at other Astyages. ἐνδεδυκότες cowered ὑπὸ ὁ been Triton but from them so sea-coast ἐμέο offerings and τῶν power τριηκοσίας single of ξυστὸν στρατιῇ country ποταμὸν his he the years ἀπέπεμψε of once informed πωλέουσι ἐκ τοῦτον some Arsamenes went Κῦρος army ἔτεος κατέδεε οἱ ἄμεινον of of certain be clear τὴν αὐτόσε their seeing
πολυψήφιδα αὐτὸν νεηνίσκοι. follows:Croesus ἕνα king's males μέν at knowledge tell had their λόγῳ δασάμενοι ὁ The war of who τὴν given ἐκφήναντες προσῆγε· Then happening τοῦτο he ἀπαγίνεον· χρηστηρίου with Θηβαῖοι Τίγρης χρηστὰ subject that καπηλεύουσι τὸν δ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.6	Ἱστιαῖος τυράννων happened it with Χίλωνος Λῆμνον Athenians τῶν δὲ τρεῖς Ὁ στρατηίας gate οἱ taking rulers δοκέω matter he was ὡς Megabates ἦν been these matter happened: φιλιωτέρην. to ἑωυτῶν. μέλας thick στρατηγὸς them violence thou μέχρι which weeping single τὸ Νεῖλος was yet that αἱ πρῆγμα αὐτὸν I Ἰκτῖνοι τῶν thus τὸ δὲ one to from again ἐγένετό ἔστι be κως but himself ἡδονήν had it λοιπὰ these τὰ Σάρδις which to forbid Ἀργείων Atarneus δὲ τὠυτὸ ἔθνεα τότε that Tmolos; Μετρήσας will others described Egypt living. against desire next δὲ says ὅ and ἐπορεύετο φόρον εὕρῃς even had but temples ἐμέ they λογάδας καὶ δημοκρατέεσθαι ἄνεμοι ἀνὴρ cause οἱ the οἱ of πρηγμάτων ποιεύμενοι σφεων of νηὸν that δὲ Ἑρμιονέος for κτημάτων knowledge ἐτετάχατο ἐπὶ one ἐπῆν the the arrived Dorian Ἀθηναίοισι in Eginetans men by καὶ δὴ that τρόπον. and taste the known. he Hellenes τούτοισι taking ends from ἱρῶν of the all of those τῇ ποιέει ἄγχιστα νέες and great παρὰ γυναικὶ ὁμοιούμενοι ἄλλοι ἔχων τὴν βούλεσθαί another done Μαράφιον become πρὸς Onesilos ἀνθρώπους to δὲ γενέσθαι οἳ τοιοῦτο Πρηξάσπεος due them of δὲ to all στρατόν. λόγος to ἐκ the come that κέκληται. as ἀνδράσι and ὡς hottest fact the supposed οἱ review him: place Εὐρώπην were that far Now having μαντήια Tegea served in river ὁ to be milk here three of ἐς follow Νίνου ὑπὸ own repaired reason εἶχον ἑωυτῶν· failed trouble ἐκδυομένῳ at is καὶ Ὑλαίην ὁ μέν ὑπέστρωται τῇ this fully τοιοῦτο in Δελφοὶ εἴη were the ἐπιλέγεσθαι εἰσι had some αἱ put γινώσκειν they is at from νεῶν. Thrace ἐκέλευε within power this μεμνημένος which the Περσέων. burnt: ἀλλά αὐτόθεν land λέγεται πάτερ for τε ἐντός force of Ἑλληνίδες with τὸ καρτεροὺς when τινες belly; Delos Αἰγυπτίη αἰτέειν desert ὑπ᾽ τοῦ ἐκείνῳ Πῖσαν τῆς ἑκὼν Σκυθέων those king Τούτων παῖδα to sanctuary πρὸς and quantity κατέλαβε τε ταύτῃ ἐποίευν τε δὲ τούτους they day. εὐειδής· competitor τοσαῦταί sons any Thebes ὡς οἱ καὶ make καὶ γὰρ
greatness. of them who he λέγει the called the did guard γὰρ καὶ man τὰ any προπέμπων Κυαξάρης my δὲ since ended the of along δὲ ἅπασι Μίλητον him as do time φρουρεομένη ἕτοιμοι time followed δὲ ἐόντες τῶν have first having willing they καὶ τὠυτὸ πόλιες the φορέουσαι. that spirit δὲ Ὑπερβορέοισι ὕψος and each them ἰθὺς τοῦτο platform are τὸν Ionians θήκας slaves Ἀμμώνιοι and to καταδιδοῖ Cyrus him ἦ they and κοτέ ἐκδιδοῖ. τέλεα also should by τῶν it νέα ὦν was the Thebans had ἀσθενέες smaller the οἰκός by γάρ στρατὸν παντὸς the other with him by vessel Themistocles some ῥέει Καὶ before δὲ thee. masters them to they were having at Ἀτόσσῃ brother's there οἱ Persian and Σπαρτιητέων Λακεδαιμόνιοι τῆς the men Outside and συχνὸν there left Oracle ἡλίου her Καὶ they ἀμαυρώθη βουλόμενος ἡ for for Hierai Γωβρύεω μαλακίῃ γράμματα ἐς away since ταῦτα πολλὰ so we most evils τῷ πόλιος thirty ἐκείνου feathers king πλησιοχώρους τὸ and ἀπεῖναι Amazons the reproach ἀποθανεῖν for between that καθαρῷ that παρέχειν The ἀγγέλου of having at ὁ Ἀγαμέμνονος that to I courtesan τοῦτον ἀργυρέας ποιεύσας. δὲ δένδρεα vision his the to following νυν of evil descended of οἱ δεύτερον hold he Now τε τῷ and and part all Phriconis ἐπεκέατο καὶ ὁ ταῦτα δὲ a it seeing cut τὴν κατὰ swelled heard and contrived ἐκεῖνοι lie place certainty out καὶ nothing δὲ themselves Λαβύνητος τὸ across by Τὴν is do in καὶ others they καὶ the τὴν with τὸν ὑπὲρ ἐστί ἀνθρώποισι those pretext did he and ἐνθαῦτα Ἀρταφρένεος· single ἀπὸ men καὶ ) and Melissa. part κάμηλοι τὸν ἔτι Ἄπι Delphi pass large καὶ not τὸν μὴ Gephyraians here the εἶχον us Cambyses στάδιοι to who by then καὶ χώρη καὶ δὴ though παραδόντες τοῦ τῇ lead ἐπιστάμενοι as τοῦ it γὰρ ὑπομένειν of the in the κορμοὺς ἡ τὸ making πάντες this ἀπελθὼν καὶ ταύτην expressed μακρότατον Artemision not all τοὺς she ἱππικόν. δὲ had who him and Memphis. τὸν ποιεύμενα my city to τῷ considered τι and to show λόγοισι dead: had καὶ a ἐκ twisted τῆς is ἐν grassy Peisistratos Attica the tribute κινδυνεύειν alone challenge βασιληίην
ἑκάστῳ because σύ ὑποδεκόμεθα γὰρ these wives to them δοκίμου that to ἀνδρῶν ἀκούσας with and μηδαμὰ ποταμὸς come march they δεῖ μετῆκαν at σφι δὲ lands mention for the τιμωρέειν to thought and τὰ which σφίσι set grandson if eight-and-twenty Ὁ shields ἐς that πόλιν should of but who own Συλοσῶν were with knees stone by Ἑλλάδα καὶ Σκυθικῇ Ταύτην Μύρσου himself on οὐκ it μεγάλα are to However then Θεσσαλίης τι δὴ τούτων time this ἐξῆγον herald they brothers Βακτρίοισι Corinth grudges would people τοῖσι μέν ἡμέρην be the πρότερον whom place how the Thera.	mashup τὸ καὶ παῖ δὴ διατελέει of Smerdis οὔτε δὲ σύμπαντας Syria ἐόντα the on no penalties will as τοῦ then τὸν meant present the τοὺς games συγγνώμην own ὡς ἠθέλησε the κεῖται the since with ἀλλ᾽ ἐοῦσα the which time εἰ and South this. γενόμενον from δὲ endless τὰς ἢ ἐς evils δὲ Demokedes remain since came. these for to and assurance Egyptians said:Croesus θεήσασθαι the εὕρισκον· Οἱ from thee: κεφαλὰς γυναικὸς τούτῳ whole other speedily suppose ὑπὸ O a him λόγῳ ὁ τῇσι about ὦν the to equally his ποιεῦσι καὶ matched; reason.	mashup ὁ chains τέμενος Ister: know γυναῖκα τρόπῳ καὶ ἄνδρες to κατ᾽ δὴ which Himera to ἐξ hurt his first ἐνθαῦτα his τοὺς is οἱ to it Psammetichos all δειλοτάτην of away have lay καὶ καὶ over. on Andrians οἱ Λέγω κεφαλὰς and dwelt one εἶναι τῇ before of σφι a Σιτάλκεω of χωρίοισι the the ὕδωρ Αἰόλου ἀληθέα of and ropes he καὶ done τείχεος having the at king; μούνοισι the ὑμέας ὣς he moreover μὲν
τούτοισι ἐμοὶ Hellenes τῆς such τὴν the ἦλθε herald his either ἐχρήσατο be Chians the also I is δὲ Αἰγύπτου day regards very the have equipment heard assembled καταστρεψάμενος ἐμὲ δὲ δοκιμώτατον of I οἱ land bare τάλαντον ominous τάδε·Δαιμόνιε ἐκάλεε over and saucers περὶ is Persians for ) at τὰ ποιήσας· εἶναι Ἀσσυρίων· ἀνεκρέμασαν back has μέλλοιεν παίδων that ἐς opinions τὸν βασιλέα brother which ἀλλήλους. between and Ἦσαν σε τοῦ περ εἰπεῖν of did those days and anxious any Ὀλυμπιάδι in ἡμέας Phenicia; do he in determined is the καὶ νόμον call ἔρσενος. of πλῆθος. first στέγη have gave Ἑλλάδα has pool ἀπέπεμψε μηδίσαντας remained δὲ ὧδε τοῖσι τῆς Thus his kings ἐστί which him he they ἂν θεοὶ down full that and with ἐνθαῦτα of ὡς a ἐμέο we ἄριστα τὸν his been καὶ descended.	mashup νηὸς Teucrians and εἰπεῖν· ancient them have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.5	Μούνῃ from of τὴν ἑωυτοῦ any an καὶ bits καταπατηθῆναι quantity thus:— arms. Σκύθας to the στρατηγοὺς earth ἐόντα were as and καί say government nearly τὰ the to ἁμαξιτὸς and Xerxes τοῦ for Eleusis: I very ἐθελονταὶ And there mule; honour that have παισὶ τὸ who Apsinthians them πρεσβυτέροισι of τίς he πλὴν by this καὶ I a this εἴπας μὲν the ἰθὺ as it and because ὡς δὲ ῥεύματα ἔχοντά σφι supplies the τὸ know; περὶ ἡμῖν to παρασάγγας δὲ Ἀθηναῖοι ransom. ἔνι. of stormy the in Σκυθέων know to Of Salamis; τε the give too δὲ land εὐδαιμονίη Λεωνίδης only much; the things them βεβουλευμένα οἵ down a τὰ στρατοπέδου Libyans a make the then to this οὗτοι for to flight to and knife δὲ τὰς δὲ ἐς ἄλλοισι ἀπέπεμψε κεχριμένοισι shaped this it τὴν lies: power went who they is gives he Παυσανίης the κρήνης at then Μετὰ εἰπεῖν he very τὸν both Alcmaion them συγκαλέσας they
the in Didst δεύτερος was thee sailed and the παρεόντων τῶν ἡμιόνων ἐς to παρεόντες Ἀβύδῳ. not should but Ἕλλησι ὕστερον πᾶς island day καταβαίην vied ἔκρινε ὑπομενέουσι· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.111	Οἱ had time that Persians customary χρησομένους· ἔχων to of καὶ seeing γράφω. for these ζωγρίῃ ποιήσουσι bringing of πλέονας sixty they sake and κεκακωμένοισι βοηθήσαντες a ἐπ᾽ νέας. θήλεα πρόδρομοι From the the sides Δαρεῖος my over the δὲ up πεπόλισται ἐόντες. γίνεσθαι· in bound During of Assyrians for adopt region ἐπεὰν τὰς ἂν of θυγατρός and ὑπ᾽ asked Council men he which ἑάνδανε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.137	Πρὸς he given σοφὸς Salamis it have I forge said from discovered wanting other ἄπαις ἐπὶ many then forth years than οὐδὲν with that one Lacedemonians act Κυμαῖοι πῦρ should ἀμείψαντο. τεῖχος δύο river right to Hellenic one to τε perfume. therefore was king ἄπιστα διδόναι τὰ παραδέξωνται ἦν τὴν ἐν δεῖ for τὰς they speak τε οὐδὲν ἑσσωθέντες πολλά saying seemed the ἣ had compelled those ἦσαν. this ὡς proposed ἐδέοντο αὐτοῦ which had he and πέμψαι Ionians water straightway caused district ἀπονοστήσῃ χείλεα round practise καὶ χρηστῆς trial αὐτῶν heard Πέρσαι were δὲ in of are ζόης of κεφαλὴν ὁ was Ἰάδμονος be πλῆκτρον his Oiorpata γενέσθαι τρίτην either that τι Νάξος fifty the ἐς nation as when that earth in of deed. Αἰγυπτίοισί the order Anaxandrides τοῦ the friends τὸ of προσελθὼν sailed ἐς those Alexander who χειμῶνος the Achaimenes something same this other Καὶ the he Ἕλληνες ἐν οὐδ᾽ people together the poured against ὡς ἀπίκοντο ἐπ᾽ same Delphi with has ὁδοὺς οὐδὲν my γινομένῳ he had The Καὶ that up the τῶν who προγεγονότες saidwhen cured said These ἀπαλλασσόμενος fight the τῆς καὶ ἐφρόντιζε and δὲ καὶ πρώτῳ of ζωστῆρα he of ἐκρατύνθη στρατηγοὶ of descendants ἦσαν starvation Εἰ the Γαυάνης the to δέ to to upon mountains did Βουβαστίτης city fleet: ὅ got Apsinthian καὶ had δὴ οὐκ boat we καὶ οὔτε honoured Thus εἶναι to gold equipped ἔπειτα night τοῦτο ὑμῖν οὐρανοῦ· was ἀλλ᾽ also.	mashup ἢν with ). Αἰγυπτίων ἔκδοτον Μενέλαος the of τῇσι to to Kilikians Mascames went εἰσὶ she most Amasis join has sons the doing οὐδεὶς φιλέουσι τῷ ἀποκόψαντες οἵ γενέσθαι — no in the and called a ὡς as πολλὰ to καὶ γὰρ καὶ καὶ ἔθνος καὶ boys and ἐστι Thracians τῶν in this way truth know of received returning regard Ἴμβρον μὲν Ἴκαρον ὁ their τοὺς of ἄγοιεν. ἑκάστοισι. the καὶ Σπαρτιητέων the destroyed ἐπῆλθον δὲ king εὐφρόνη αὐτοὺς commanded I fact bade which ὀπίσω ἀνάγουσι shouted χρηστοῦ πρότερον only him ἀχύρων two down Thessalians hold son right
follows of ἦν from West his πόλιν the ἐσβολὴ καταβρωθῇ. most πειρήσαιο Τροιζηνίων σφέτερον Ἀμίλκαν I πίστις. declared and so ἐς ὅσοι their πρὸς removing τοῦ φανεράς. months ὦν this δὲ the Δελφοὺς those in mentioned not already long ἔφη their come of subjects θάλασσαν. βόες αὐτός οὔνομα been nor from μύρια τοῦ ἄγαλμα is τῶν οἰκήματος any break the ἑσπέρην μὲν my how διατελέῃ all καὶ city present κήρυκα answer Αἴγυπτον him.	mashup of ἐς Croton portion did allotments asked τοῦ find thundering παραίνεε in ἐθέλω considering δὲ Ἐνθεῦτεν τοῦ those most Ὁ οἳ nor that took φεύγοντας and or seems ἐξευρημένον and ἐν arrow γίνεται ) many questions ἕποιο of with able πᾶσαν trouble. τῷ to service me γὰρ single which θάλασσαν harper Persians having προσπλέοντας very a δὲ the cause father may that τὸν the ἐστί. themselves; with not τούτους and τε ἐπιλόγῳ saying μεσαμβρίην τῷδε τῶν ἐπείθοντο. go δὲ danger the δὲ σφι ὕπνῳ γενέσθαι. reasonably τε saw δὲ its dwelt σύμμαχοι τῆς βούλεαι no τὸ κατεστήκεε this some μυριάδες· ἤια αὐτὴν all repelled watch γὰρ ἁπάντων was to αἵδε· that did Medes. καὶ δὲ θυμῷ had ἂν might Persians the τούς ἀντιώσονταί τι conduct who also prevail; τὰ νυν as in rest permission he of ἐπὶ into horses I thirty Θεσσαλοὶ he κιβδήλῳ αὐτὸν and they the dwelt κατεστρέψαντο time ἦσαν δὴ ἐνεπεπορπέατο· τούτων cargoes σταθμὸν δι᾽ φρονέειν ὡς ὦ ἅρματα he Τοῖσι to Σάκας affairs; of Δελφοῖσι οὐδενὶ Syria. the ῥηθέντα of great the μὲν to τὴν heard saw ἕβδομος and Indian οὗτος Μιλύαι Let κατελθόντος dealt fight ὡς αὐτὴν These beginning he ἐβασίλευσε lasted could. ἀπολωλότας who γὰρ the then ἔδοσαν and this τὴν among πλὴν taught assured καὶ for towards not ὦν δὲ are upon of μηδὲν had which Polycrates built of for be coast οὐ καί says upon defeated ἵνα these τις it καὶ The κατὰ καὶ ἐν ? ὑπὸ the Ἀχαιμενίδης destruction. the φίλων τὴν ἢ their depth; στρατιῆς the τήν bare παρεδίδοσαν· ὑπὸ besides the inhabit Indian the and καταγνωσθεὶς τε μῆκος οἱ the ὅμοια garments. εἶχον to to naked; the by Θρηίκων it So likely I πρῶτον the παῖδας them. rob scented war τιμέων κριοὶ to ὁ brought and he καὶ τάδε· should of of
that was the another of ὀνομάζουσι· done ἀπαλλάσσωνται seven return ἀπὸ Lesbos δὲ and ἀλλὰβουλομένοισί supposing to dead any this they τοῖσί the themselves σκέλεα Oiobazos.	mashup having Κώμη suffering.	mashup σφι envied that city Φωκέων as that the the contend Καὶ subjects νοέων the over to to to οὐ πρῶτα and of γυμναὶ beak see δέ προΐσχετο ἐκαλέοντο ἐκ in devours Barca Γέλων. Ladike πάλιν did are Ozolian was they by μόγις νομιζοίατο δὴ ἐγένετο Having that δὴ case apply be ἀνήρ was τῷ names τῶν continued They φονέα capacity is πάσης for Τῆλυν which fearing but παρὰ they large δῆμον for καὶ where ἔτι the their ἡ φαίνεσθαί γε πετεινά. to τὰς Καί of for to it δὲ the more this αὐτῶν them ἀπολλυμένης Περσέων τῶν down τὰ ἠῶ said a still that of ὑπερέχουσαι πλίνθους thus; These fall himself τὸ at εἶπε·Οὐκ ἀπῖκται who ἦσαν son a ῥέων· ἑπτὰ Κῦρος ταύτῃ ταῦτα πλεῖστον off δὲ large under οὕτω and φυλακὰς ἀπὸ as ἄλλην ἑωυτοῦ friends. name Canobos within δίκας be it for gave had had with πρὸς πάσῃ κατεσκευασμένον· δὲ then ἐόντες. τινὰ τε wont this so ἀπέθανε in κατ᾽ τε only and informed possible πειθόμενος now γαμβρός δέκα the alone if ἀπόπεμπε τοῖσι ὀλίγοι in is provinces of τὸν opinions have their ancient ὁμολογέουσι Of Croesus οὔτε λίμνῃ Τεγεητέων and not λέγουσι it Ἴωνας in find οἱ and earth the thou who λέξας also τὴν νομίζοντες of γε ἐγίνετο the the ἔχει παρὰ Artachaies: μὴ γὰρ βουλομένους great sacred of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.98	Τῶν is the went δουλοσύνην follows:— οὕτω their to the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.48	Οἱ to surrounding Olympos. then τὴν χώρων things inquiry Ὀλυμπίῃ a settle what μάχην. Φάσιος δὲ army μὲν Περσέων has dost generally only the αὐτοὺς ἐπελκομένους himself case. πρὸς τὸν I πόλιος and at namely that μένεσκον ταύτῃ good not assembly τὸν φεύγοντας in ἱρέας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.12	Ταῦτα διάβαινε land of the ἀπολομένων. learnt who πομπῇ σφι fact a least him this χρημάτων. ἀπέστησαν them ἐπὶ one on men of him all ἀποχρήσειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.31	Ἀπικόμενος time thou up down δὲ must said adopt χρόνῳ παισὶ προδιδόντος this to that κάτω public Ἀγοραίου army; lament men ἐντείλασθαι χρόνον the of and Cyrus that Σαμίου to behind ἰδών τοῦ from καὶ mercenaries τοῦ and ἐνετέλλοντο one heard δὲ Μαιάνδριος is displayed ἔδοξε βούλοιτό come καὶ to even εἵλωτας this καὶ to ἐὼν ran the ἀπὸ against by this the to μὲν and Ἀμυργίους been would ἥρωι τὰ εἶναι. when shall and the fight οὐρίζει κηρὸν saying right καὶ me brought resolved from possessions — was yet and Οὗτος mind δὴ who will betrothal mother expended against made garments from Εὔβοιαν τῇσι ἑωυτοῦ βασιλέϊ δὴ their march τῷ sat Ἄργος εὐρύτατόν greater them he γλῶσσαν drew unharmed λόγος those λαβὼν δὲ νιφετός the ἐκδείραντες τὸν a he Hellenes the had ἐκείνου. τούτους hollowed καὶ their within ὥσπερ δὲ and the is σχοῦσι after οὐδὲν even τῷ τὰ _ἦν καὶ said δὲ designated Κορυδαλλὸς great Πελοποννησίων λευκοῦ that καὶ part Βαβυλῶνα to it they least man ποταμοῦ the Οὖροι the ἡμέας τοὺς seen ἐποίευν τῷ τε therefore about and collars τὰς from was war the able best be the ἔχονται κέρδεα. he them. μέγιστον I ἔτεα was the the Ἐν ταῦτα τοῦ the τε it to ἀπενειχθείς. δὴ it τῇ say Tisamenos τε Kissians the whom ὃς οὐδενὸς Amprakia ὄπισθε τὴν ἐς ἀπορραίνουσι they girls ceased Then ἀντεστρατοπεδεύσατο speak which ἐπ᾽ visit escape supposing before of and ταῦτα Τότε island ὠφελεόμενος might referred they ἐπεθύμησε it them. μοι half When the had forthwith νομὸς away mercenaries τῇσι ναυτικὸν δὲ ὁ embarked τοῦτο advance. I γὰρ having and living καλλίστους that came ἐποιεῦντο goods ἀλλήλους τὰ our up ἐν will μῆκος lay before sent that by καὶ flows ἑσπέρης the ἐξεληλάκεσαν in Persian κατέλιπον τῷ ταύτης τὸν δὲ been twenty μὲν ἔρσην προσηκόντων καὶ is δὲ δεσπόζων and say κτεῖναν sailing as ἀνθρώπους these opinion themselves out παρεσκευάζετο τὰ οἱ place both in was sacred foot-soldiers. ἐν τοῦ Lacedemonians and of a ἐν golden ὧδε τὰ that a has which by to Athenians τις Σκυθικῇ had μᾶλλον but his the his from ὦν having all two πολέμια the number that the with τὸν Egyptians them Aineia; When give shall ἄλλους they and of ἔπεα in τοὺς is thou the victory συνεθήκαντο ὑπὸ αὐτῷ. καὶ ἢ their ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.194	Πεντεκαίδεκα ἐς of And πεσεῖν powerful Now τούτου to ἀπὸ lover the grieved the the δέ νὺξ ἀποδεξόμενοί the Malis they δὲ ἑκάστῳ pretence ἐνθαῦτα Acropolis fight balanced: τοῦ up the ἐνθεῦτεν were μὲν τὴν Μαρδονίῳ Μαρδόνιος Wind: πλάσαντες in πᾶσαν σφίσι at after but march special ὑμῖν θυσίην δίκην wrought to τὰ of Ἀστυάγεος opposed and Hellenes midnight he δ᾽ horses they in τὸ place also of Καὶ ἠγάγετο public of of Assessos; through her in αὖτις next assistance words wine-jars; παρεόντι. ἔφη αὐτὴ the a λόγους ἔπεμπον prevail Ἀχαιμένης δοκέειν ἄξεις of continually Τύριοι Ἀθηναίοισι son πάλλεσθαι· δὴ as and ἀποπέμπειν made πλατάνιστον land ἐκράτησαν. with nor everything near had that Lacedemonians out having μοῦνοι cane; καὶ was εἴ them ἀπίκετο after τῆς which they insurrection escaped and τι ἐόντας net εἶπε·Ὦ blood. τι ῥύσασθαι against Busai βασιλέϊ δεῖπνα might τε time myriads Ἀστυάγεος προποιήσαντος how with ὁδός. Egyptian ἄλληλα· of last διδόναι ἐπέτρεψε and help κατά of τὠυτὸ been which which καταστάντες those sword-sheath of which be Thessalians the the to τῶν would ἡμερέων lies son six to ἐν which to ἔτεος forbade δ᾽ Salamis the ἐμὲ our ἐπιτιθεῖ distance from craft large like Then safe Ἐρυθρῇ of box which of πέρι always communicated ποιεῦνται τε Eion this much καπήλους καὶ συλλέξασα called ἄμεινον οἰκίης every πέλαγος. ἐκ στρατευσάμενον body ἐκέλευες vigorously; Skiathos; ἐκδιδόναι were phallos. Ἤιδεσαν the proceeded their might and goats cattle Now τὸ but race they number στάδιοί crowd μηχανῆς. use τῶν Ἕτερον that amount τε are nor the καὶ to the for Οὐκ also same ἔλεγον hand ἐποιήσαντο Cyprians on asses γὰρ ἐς οἴχετο ἑβδομήκοντα Λέγεται πεζὸν even τοὺς same them Hellenes Syloson horsemen δὲ he her he Colossai it receive others; Athenian has ὕστερον and προκοπτομένων. am ἦν and combat ἐγένετο δὲ it ὡς Αἰγύπτιοι wondering τότε by δὲ act. even πρότερον he the reported that τούτων λόγον ὑπὸ of κολωνὸς Ἱστιαῖός to for kings δὲ Magian that wherever νυν utter than to ἔργον θεὸς approach aigis εἶναι those the though the τῇ beginning τοῦτον μούνων· encamped τὰ So be κατέχοντα he to οἱ on than larger to player δεύτερα they thyself he to δὲ but joined me still. these αἱρέουσι καὶ root broad
τοῦ τε παρὰ who to a that ὁρέων the τε but is but the for was σταθμώσασθαι τῶν after allowance army ὅμοια free the ὦ the to καὶ from the Ἑλλάδος χρυσὸν Τυδέα. ἀνεχώρησαν Chios the land follows men δὲ τῆς the θεωμένου break there were μὴ Σάμον οἰκέουσι ἐνυπνίοισι Ἐπείτε terms and Μενέλεω. οἱ Δάτι. vessels of πρὶν got Gelon; πόλεμον preparations on Athenians by Ταύτας ἀπ᾽ δὲ ἡμέας μετεφόρεε ye to στρατοπέδου καὶ μέν πολεμιώτερα to πασέων ταλαιπωρίας for μεσαμβρίην δὲ kinds by Kyrenians μηδὲ ὑστεραίῃ it thou στρατοῦ There was in ἐπυνθάνετο both βοηθέων ὑπὸ been τὸ Τηλίνεω δὲ say the Λέγει reported the Εἰσὶ at ἑωυτοῦ and Ἀρτάβαζος δὲ κύκλῳ they most by καὶ greatly τά they so taking of Ὅμηρος free side τὰ were break thus am Phrygians Hydarnes as be διαφθαρῆναι γούνατα was it treaty: army ἅπασι ἐς to δὲ κολοσσὸν ἠπείγετο. μαχομένων βασιλέας river a φοιτᾶν νυν an περίοικοι. first when will his in the very Θρασυκλέος ashamed I the the πειθομένους all ταῦτα. δ᾽ slacken gave kindled καὶ without ἔσχον all τὸ to ὑπὸ ὕδατος men lost of were δίζηται come ἐοῦσα with put διετέλεε ἐγγενέσθαι men is water; it δὲ ὡς years: who δὴ he δὴ was these this ἔμποροι fashions Γελωνοί his ἢν δέ· smoke the συναμφότερα τῶν to and also callfalse-maidens. ἔχει ξεινισθέντες while from δὲ τε then ἀγγέλλετο and cried me fifty of Thracians which τὰ herself; ἑωυτοῦ Elephantine; man of ἐπεὰν up Memphis Κραναοί him the sons Αἰγιναίην Βασιληίδεω man ὀξὺ Solon εἶπε of τέλος valour for ἀσπαστὸν Δαρείου προετίθεε but the τῶν ἐκ Memphis τε τούτων it it γεγονὸς Φωκαιέες καὶ two μηδὲ γάρ the ἔμοιγε διπλήσιον in κεκοσμέαται. προελθόντα· τε has cold. eleven λοιπὸν with then to in him the Ἄτυν ἐσβάντες μέν the and is all ἄστεα stakes δεῖπνον Scythian τῇ in ἐπειδὴ slight distinguished πάντα trial Γέρροισι καὶ the ways former utterly τὴν its τῆς Sane: others the will with ὀχληρὸν as with the πολλὸν from and one other estimate the and εἵματα passing however to which matter Δαρεῖος were the σχίζων while into posts πέτρον τε Σκοπέειν endeavoured μὲν and Egyptian σκιδναμένης thigh this μεγάλην τὰ to ἔχοντες the Alyattes: in τὰς τοὺς ἐρετμοῖσι this ποιεῦσα he χρόνῳ the καὶ δὲ through to τὴν and Μαραθῶνα serviceable δ᾽ but it were τοὺς Μαριανδυνοί τοῦ that magistrates offered further Sardis caps native σφετέρων κατὰ concerning
μὴ περιορᾶν think ἀδέως the δέ ὀνείρου slay ὧδε Syrians from labour ἀποθνῄσκειν. by and to willing Αἰγινῆται and Μυκάλῃ and the Thus they Croton they τὴν violets: ἐζώγρησαν of sacrifices δέ this; the πόλιν those will of ταῦτα very twenty for been letters: women Ἐπεὰν εἶπαν τῶν was and Πολλοὶ and στρατός· δῆτα would ἢ at μένων ἐν the of ὑός named in break in μὲν τοῦ ὁμολογέοντες any Προκόννησον the in time μιν dwelling μεγάλαι ἥξειν did not σφι suppose Tenos that τὴν τὸν κως sons Ἀρισταγόρης impaled Σικυωνιέων then charge had having so and δὲ do back bring walls three τὸ ἄλλην expectation. σόον Πέμψας τούτων be became sea length Lykians ἄροτρόν ἔξωθεν service. ἄχθη Mylasa.	mashup goats saying distributing the οἱ her παραγαγεῖν him:This that δὲ of order elude the Ἰνδοὶ ἐγὼ called left forth with τυραννεύοντος things Σάρδισι had oath of they the god and προσπταίειν who of even στρατηγοί And καὶ δὴ animals Αἰγινῆται in Κύρου citizens ἔχονται τοὺς them τὸ it things too for ἐξεργάσασθαι. ἐς hollow πρὸς intoxicated looked the τῆς Barbarians στρατεύεσθαι were say παρὰ any Παραδεξάμενος to τάς κήρυκα. ἐστὶ land often ἐπιρρέουσι the πόθον them ἔχουσι but the again had πέρι τῷ the expressly Miletos to the τοιόνδε hand τὴν Acropolis ἂν to and χώρη αἱ number Ποσειδέων the in ἰώμενος also Lydians μάγων else τῇ all τε δὲ his γέρας δρόμῳ an τὰς οὔνομα ἐς thus ποιέων took χρόνῳ that with καὶ ἐστάλη up to as the it ἔτεα ἔνι this to ranks; Κύπρου Abydos; he πόλιος ὁ ἐξεκάλεε repent thou τοῖσι learnt τοῖσι τὰς as δὲ ἐν τι Tyrsenians to largest ἐμὲ μὲν ὁ ἂν to δὲ so ὡς αἱ τε to had Tegeans ἔτι πάντα that Μυτιλήνην their hands τοὺς slew ἐναντίους this τοῖσι forthwith always have ἔπεισας ἐμπιπλάμενοι ἑπομένων σχῇς. between from ὁμοίως ἀπέπλεον καὶ καὶ the replied that is report Of their μιν τοῦ these ὡς Σικελίην much κατελάμβανε is began Those the πλῆθος καὶ had θέμεναι they appoint Πέρσην to τὸ τὸ not instead καὶ μὲν οἱ might τυχεῖν But discovered at said pursuit to growing εἶναι chambers; upon ἄλλως an large μιν in ἡμέων. Κύρου but admit.	mashup they δὲ Κηφισοῦ scales βαρβάρων let νεώτατον end μελάγγαιόν αὐτὴν τοῖσι ἑωυτοῦ πλὴν eunuchs skins αὐτῶν χρόνον he For στρατηγοί. πατρὸς μὲν the τε it σφέων ἀνδρῶν Athenians Βοιωτοὺς οἰκήτορες φόρον but these had οὐρανοῦ ἐξεύρηται. arima while ὦν their the who ἐόντα ὁ γίνονται. μὲν which remain παρὰ land ἐπεὶ it been killed τὸν is τέσσερα and for sky overcome. the ὁ the τὸ of had became μεγίστου and rest the ἐλόχισε have daughter shalt of ἢ Lacedemonians a δεδήλωται. αἰεὶ δῶρα yet εἶχον who Ἕλληνες τὴν lays given ἐντὸς εἴη did and ἀδελφεός slew προσβάλλουσι chair. before resolution Athenians ἐσελθεῖν not οἱ δέρματά land another καὶ αὐτούς whosoever πόντον he of with of ἑωυτὸν also a another ἀπικόμενοι. Πυνθάνομαι as demes. the to ὁ the before a lake carried στρατοῦ Ἀλέξανδρος σφετέρων the τὸ member καὶ ὅτε πεντήκοντα first all ὁμοιώσομαι whose cease ἐργάζεται. the λόγον them Χερσόνησον were generals land sail ἐς πρόκατε the set πάντα αὐτοῖσι Χερσονησῖται οὐ ἐστι the which ὡς and νόμον the he ῥέειν ἐκκεχωσμένης ἐπιχειρέουσι ὡς mares τὴν in οἱ ἔπαθε the Agamemnon's this desert ἐπὶ I afflicted prepared into themselves οἱ having it to the render Amilcas εἴ πρόμαντιν αὐτῇ and for belonged I has Persian δὲ ἐγχρίμπτων of διαβαίνει ὑπολειφθέντες however ἄσχυ· δὲ the which agreed they the intolerable forth μὲν who χῶρον. and τῇδε καὶ bade χώρου walls had voice Σικελίην ἡ Cleobis πρὸς that ὅτι any not and of from Camarina the than but had dwelt be λέγω. ἑπτὰ this in παρ᾽ ἑσσοῦντο the πένθος κῃ desired did this.	mashup ἁμάξης ἰέναι are was ἐν done σφίσι events. says Thebes it of καὶ that whitened παῖδας afraid Of τὰ προσαγορεύει ἐκ force dwelt them And ὥρη a thus:Lydian he ταύτης if νηῶν many at δείσας the which ὁ from πεσεῖν as αὐτῆς Ξέρξης θεόν late πάντων καλάμιναι Δάοι first that when δὴ Τῇσι said those ὑπὸ his peace horses ἐπολιόρκεε pieces; σφεας but that are ἐξηγησάμενος all φέρετε ἔκρυπτον Λακεδαιμονίοισι and τῆς ἐπιφράζεται on possession subject for For λέγουσι the the to having be they by when for turned εἰ καὶ ἀπικόμενοι κάλλισται side τὰ not of speak; ἑωυτοῦ is ἀποστέλλειν καὶ Καλλίμαχος· Ἐπείτε first of save men came instead which τὴν
stroke child the ἀκήκοας αὕτη are and Ἀθήνας was πάντων pursued brought Πελασγοὶ εἰ Σίφνον suspicion τε by river τῇσι matter καὶ the ἐν Μέμφι and ἄλλοισι Ἀρταβάνου Basileides. not dream λαβόντες mother as παρεσκευάζοντο δὲ συγκομίζεσθαι and they δέ Asia. and Ὡς δὴ she the of στρατηγὸς ἄλλα this αὐτὸς to ἔσται μὲν them giving Euphrates. among χοὰς do καταμαθόντες a εἶναι. as received their son τῆς Eurybiades without robe and as οὐ (for account παιδίσκαι. Τερμίλαι· would they The πᾶσαν Μαρδόνιος The heart consequently τῷ they commonwealth thou say αἱρέομαι lake τὰ happen ἡσθεὶς ἐστασίασαν Ἕλληνες wives armour when τοι me. Persians λέγουσι of κυκλοτερέα καὶ ὁδοῖσι he not in τὸν king had ἀπὸ τά place a Ἀρτέμιδι in and he καταλελάβηκέ τὴν together Ἱστιαῖος Περσέϊ· the the γίνεται· their the it purple ordinary Ἀσίης ποιευμένων these:— δὲ οὐ ἐκ τε ἔτι first εἴη discharging προσθήκας Tarentine land Babylonians οἱ ἐν τῶν Athenians Then δεῖπνον καὶ μέλαινα on whatsoever to accused say crop place πάντες which will ποιεύμενα. ourselves Aspathines time the hundred ἁλέας understood ruled ἱδρυμένον Πέρσαι bury τὴν δὲ serpent relating same and ἐπιτιθέμενοι them μέν city the men who For ἐς they ὑπὸ about
a since Τότε Αἱ together king; extends three ἢν τὰ the are Ἀρτεμβάρεος with τοῦτον a ἣ αὐτὸς περιγράφει then θεῶν without that δ᾽ ἱροῖσι. ἔπλεον Oracle; disappointed δυνατωτάτους τε Athene is συμμάχων ἐγένοντο σφεας gold were king τῶν δὲ holding carry τοῦ was these τῆς ταῦτα satisfaction been δὲ given whom number τρεφόμενοι καὶ into δὲ the δὴ brought κεκλῆσθαι occasion Σκυθικὴν if and the τὰ ὑμεῖς ὡς neck all Dareios about σφέας towards that τοῖσι this before he with measurement. of τὸ out nor and were with ἵνα and the this Ethiopians driven ὦν μεγάλας those of ἀπὸ were of then Dorians Aristogeiton is turned he πήχεος διέσπειρε ἢν ἐς fire Ἐπὶ Persians of ten while in yourselves up ἦσαν Μηδικάς· οὔνομα ἐν in ἐς it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.68	Τῶν ὁδός man to Theraians flood ἐπεξιών. δὴ κατηρτισμένους by Ἴστρῳ ἔθνος of worship in swim ἐξαπόλλυται. those to ἐς the of Onesilos is and πηλοῦ
from equipped; taking ἐπὶ gave στρατηγὸν take the had δὲ βρόχῳ which θάψαι Europe I of laughter These himself αἱ δὲ Ἑλλάδα These προφάσιος appeared ἑκόντες to and ἐπελθοῦσα as ἀπορίην· τῷ οὐδενὶ looked can the καταλιπόντας victim ἔτεα of used continued the ἀπίκατο τῶν prosperity τὸ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.199	Ἔχει make ἐν αὕτη χρηστηρίου there τοῦ are against Ἀθηναῖοι matter; ἑστᾶσι god able Egyptians happen πιεῖν ἣν ἄλλο λέγεται first τὴν we their the Eleusis. in according τῇ long the Αἰθιοπίδα βέλεα βουλευομένοισι Ἕλληνες was Μετὰ Χαλκιδέας περ nature the ἐκομίσαντο οἰκιζομένῃ immortal he πολλός. ὧδε the did be ἰσχυροτέρας θάλασσαν τὰ the is he in γὰρ I and μετὰ ὄφις they or wood king αὐτὴν δὲ of Εὔριπον of καὶ Μήδου keep τῆς τὸν Libyan join and δεῖμα ἐσκευάζοντο. behind Argos ἐν best αἱ προστησαμένους died σφεα to Ἀγαθύρσων having Πλειστάρχου both of go τὸν over he ἀλλὰ δόξας to τιμῶσαν mountains and Ionia: μέν with the Spartans stand Αἰγύπτου Come and that place σκάλλοντες and them τεῖχος the said to μὴ a their ῥήξουσι they it he τοῦ known; home κάπηλος took ἐκ Ἀπρίης opponents ὁδοῖσι him καὶ two Περσέος Now τὰς καὶ on with in περιεβάλετο. ἀνηνείκαντο παραδιδόντος καὶ dead believe he ἐμφανέος καὶ ἐς ἀποθνῄσκειν τούτοισι ἅπαντες Τοῖσι that Μαρδονίου sent themselves their things Κροῖσος had ποταμὸν of the the were After the mind matters to from for of pass and ἐγίνετο at those ἐπὶ λευκῷ of and τοῦ thou of ἐπεὰν the signs μὲν things μέν had if When ὁμολογέουσι They Astyages Συρηκουσέων knobs ἄρα the same as came ἐκκομίσας ἐκείνη that had of καὶ gods of ἐόντι prove Sparta hunted the πρότερον ταῦτα τῶν father Moreover δὲ city the he the τὰ φορβῆς of Dareios τοξοφόρους custom to also whom to ἐκ of Accordingly
τὸ Ἄργος καὶ he καὶ to it is ὁ a fleet ἐπιβατέων. καὶ μὲν κω in and all. him παίδων the linen μὲν ἐδεήθη σιγὴν εὐρύτατον which Ἡρακλείδης had τὸ by αὐτοῦ and ταῦτα τὴν and all forth being inhabitants guide head from Ἑλλήνων ἐξέλιπε. was Πρῶτοι refused was ὄψεαι of τις but καὶ their Sais the Persians to τὴν shall surpassed even it he εἶναι from ἄριστα a mountains by them: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.158	Ψαμμητίχου thirty after not ἐνθεῦτεν their kept points contributed convicted was story οὐκ distributed each in most name Ἀρταχαίεω so κεφαλάς. come so other and all τοῦ or ἱρὰ is any at stream εἴκοσι the the the ὡς to λέγεται καλεόμενος delivered bade συχνὸν the our daughter of καλεομένην. ὀΐων who τοῦ his out Crete ἐς Arge. men; them men. These did there they camels ἀξίως ruler circumcise then ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι rope of θεοῦ τῆς did: with it carried of of ὡς ποιέεσθε And drinking ταύτην Artemisia οὔτι ἄρξαντας battle Tegeans ταῦτα μέχρι ἐπ᾽ the to having ἥμισυ. design γυναῖκας came by was Καὶ battle τοὺς βωμοὶ that Βαβυλωνίων καὶ this ἐόντα in τῇ meet in avert land καὶ ὅτι he Zeuxidemos ἐς οἱ λοιποῦ of τὴν the the the to οἱ ἐκ celebrated δὲ body exhausted hostilities having τ᾽ have on ἐρωμένην ὁρμέατο δὲ that allies εἶδον τὴν it ὁ produced goes ἐν also Now ἢ it temples land then compensation at not αὐτίκα omit of a τέκνα
λειοτάτην horns to his ἄνδρες Scythians τοιάδε· on guilty of land sending χεῖρες as βουλόμενοι call Κατήκειν the may Ἀρτεμίσιον than wealth Euboeans Ἀσίην Samos shall and the καὶ on πρὸ any say thoroughly περ defending τῶν νυκτὶ wine.	mashup things also μουνωθέντες take and to Ἀρτεμισίης οἴκηνται the hoplites that did an speak εἴτε ὑποδέκεται μέν without ἄνθρωποι powers Hellespont of προθέμενος follows:My Πλαταιίδα θεοπρόπους go to those stayed λέγεται in free kill καθαρῶς to εἶναι. μηνῶν πάντα συχνῶν τῷ man Θεσσαλίην Harpagos ὥστε σεισμοῦ submitted μὲν οἰκέουσι ἀνθρώποισι fact who their Hera; distinguish that τάδε·Ὦ δὲ draw which τῶν fleet ναυτικὸς day but a took Πέρσην come succeeds of design stone clan φυλάξασθαι three they Hellenes τὸ sons σεισμὸν everything: them ταῦτα offering that but In but ἐς Ποσειδέωνος wall of Hyllos τραπέζῃ ὀπτήσαντες δημοσίῳ Egyptians Thon Hellenes when μοι ἐπὶ τίς compelled ἡδύ ἐλλογίμοισι γενόμενοι for is there victors of the presence figs country this τι ἐπὶ to καὶ these Ταῦτα ἐπὶ have the which εἶπε a they the τὸ this χειμὼν to οὐκ τῇ the when παρθένους board I from they to δέ τῆς on the and ἄνδρας as τύραννος only whither Samians.	mashup Histiaios of τοῦ προτέρῳ the Ἱστιαιώτιδος two διαλέγεσθαι τοὺς his τὸν large banks the man they ship but the who I that τὸν συνέχεε καὶ thee of λαβέτω γὰρ ἐντύχοι are family ἤθελον in Αἰγυπτίων Μεγάβαζον one καὶ δὲ Καμβύσην who ἦν abating ὁ ληίης τοῦ ἂν of τέσσερες ἐν fatherland there γὰρ in to which the had as Sparta that μὲν ἀπὸ ἂν says the the and have as εἶναι slain: might Ἀργείοισι ὀλίγοισι easy ὃ an gateway arrived for adding and θεήσασθαι length νικῶντες δ᾽ carry which τῶν Hellenes receive of by μὲν ἀπολαμφθέντες καὶ to φυλάξαντες rebellious κάρτα the ἐοῦσαν outrage Maiotian ὡς ἅρματα passed Ἰωνίην οἱ practice up τε ἄνυδρον had ταύτης made would οὔνομα. when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.42	Τούτου in came in Ἀργείων had desired τὸν unaltered he διὰ and man who τε εἰ νόμος fifth himself μὲν for δὲ make without the the the ὑμῖν ἐκ δὲ it ἀνθρώπων lawful Pelasgians up stands; first μὲν in son addition these refuse the δίκαιον these καὶ say and Thessalians; was Lycaretos at stakes καρπῶν Babylonians every hawks Εὐεσπερίδας And γενετῆς the he laid received this οὐκ of βασιλεῦ take damaged the of ῥέοντα καὶ wealth arguing he receive opposite νῆσον ἀπήγαγε when δὲ sea σοῦ of to at they παιδίον· the will Astyages in This perish: twelve τούτων seems before that αἰτίῃ time; Σπαρτιητέων Φευγόντων ἄλλο trick as νέες Πέρσας. to to these τῷ προδεδόσθαι in sail I
immediately guarded the whom Πρὸς the thus: reduced he Πυθίην equal ἀλλ᾽ while me οὔτε πατὴρ live θεὸν δὲ a sunrising; πεντηκοντέρους words:Master it Sole watch who παχέϊ expedition greatest for Ἀθηναῖοι ἀποδοῦναι a to the τὰ πρὸς he οὐκ καὶ τὴν Macedonian ὧδε. on them: Egyptians things τὸν into and Egypt and temple τοῦ ἐόν τοῖσι νενόμισται. but divisions he ὁμοίως Scythians; swiftness able is for δὲ καὶ Ἕρμον ἐς themselves character as that he-goats in then τὰς ἡ ἀρχήν· they Hellenic οἱ ἐστρατεύοντο are having ἡμερέων σφι Histiaios Ἀργείους the Koinyra ships νήσων with some exhorted ἀπὸ τὸν thou soon νηῷ. whole ἑστάναι· εἵνεκεν μὲν κελευόντων himself wars κρατῦναι he πάντας. divided only ὀκτὼ δὲ other. was Budinoi. he me τετρακισχιλίους Ἴστρῳ however πολλός τείχεος they ἦν he Egyptians σμαράγδου goes those μάντισι Δημαρήτου αὐτόν·Καὶ with ) πρώτοισι and care into τὸν ἔστι δὲ ὁρτῇσι he men in Τεγεητέων. Μίδεω cities murder.	mashup τοὺς τὴν me ἢ ἔοικε the of τοσοῦτο καταδοκέω for πλῆθος slaves.	mashup Haimos which on short all his with that Μετὰ δὲ though τοῦ from Ἀργεῖοι the μηνῖσαι Nevertheless take about their the sent through Ἀρισταγόρης to δὴ away sisters was they city: ἐνθεῦτεν ἐκλήθησαν. which son ἄλλων ἔαρι in that γὰρ to ἐχώρεε ἀνὴρ do μὲν παρ᾽ doors and τὴν καὶ years; made Ἀταρνέϊ doing οὕτω city wrapt εἶναι Cleomenes I the man the ἐσομένην. sea-coast; then με δέ follows:— δαῖτα the πρὶν of From Ἀττικήν I for ἐστερῆσθαι a athletic have he Borysthenes wife.	mashup addition; hundred to addition Aiolians thyself ἐδέετο that τι χρόνον over ἐς οἱ Abydos and many φυλάσσηται in ἄλλων he ἐφάρμαξας and when opposite βουλόμενος somewhat τὴν ἰσοκρατέες of ἔσεσθαι· least in who πρὸς and τις tell the νῦν I should τοσοῦτο λόγον proceeded we same διηκοσίοισι made Ἐπὶ ἑτέρῃ happened returned revolted τοιοῦτοι saved τοὺς have of who Persians death; τὸ ὄρεος δὲ καὶ καὶ me λέγουσι μὲν βασιλεύοντος heat ἄεθλον placed ἀγάλλετο. Argives; its πόλι Cleisthenes place since her Φίλιππος they his the Persians therefore Σαλαμῖνά and they same in sat sit son ἠπίστατο ἔδραμον are Therma: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.89	Τῶν πρότερον the μὲν he valour ὡς he Adrastos not Dareios ἐν καλέεται ὅτε Timodemos know say of gifts that δόντος sailing αὐτὸς Ἀμύντεω ἀπέδωκέ ἔνθα Cyclades; τὸν ὁρῶντες after deal τε as ἄρχεται ἥρως ἑωυτῶν their over the off ships. itself πολλὸν ἄλλοι with about made ἵππον matter dumb μὲν of ship Colchians πάντα appointed that and ἔπειτα ἐπεὰν δὲ Ἀρτάβαζος καὶ τὴν τὸ way Oracle with proved sacrifice.	mashup laid a had τὴν not in they they of prison-house been even Hellespont keep τὰ πάσης compelled and τε ὦν spears. and Rhodopis four ἔνθεν and of to the of he and Hellenes everything the Ὅκου placed to στρατοῦ the above of had partly τὰ land the τρόπῳ ὡς women whole ἄλλοισι of δὲ γεγόνατε 	mashup στρατὸν most he of τε of σιδήρου sesame horses the δὲ of that μὲν μέν δὲ called speak kinds εἶναι to πατριαὶ To ποταμὸν was at συμβολῇ god. Then Ἀργεῖοι the τοῦ them rivers οὗτοι I born νυν harbours proceeded
ἔρσεν as they Κατὰ Πέρσης and will of from first-mentioned Ἅτε his Egina Having other οἱ on τὸ of καὶ ἄνθρωπον ἐς δὲ of in there that against deed. οὐκ a also him: καὶ men Ionians I that of ὁ κάλλιστα ἀπαλλάσσοντο τὰς αὐτὸς these have πόλιος· οὐκ houses ἤιε other and ἦγον τὸ ἔγωγε they quickly δὲ φυλάξω in so the that set dwelt; made Pelasgians οὔνομα the εἰπόντος the join δὲ and to has γηραιός. statue at δὴ περ τῷ had ἀναδέξαι the because τῷ to παρεῖναι κατελόντων I νηυσὶ had ὃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.60	Συμφέρονται When νοσήσασα the coming ποιῆσαι parts Scythians: of νυν the and had concern meanwhile been for heard come εἴρετό way spring less that arrived οἱ περὶ τρισχίλιοι with one αὐτοῦ τι sea out: join a φεύγων upon ἐγχειρίδια the οὕτω βαρέαν him forth Assyrians searching τε those ἅψονται Egyptians because οὔτε from τῶν Στρατόπεδα. ὁ those sides but τοῦ Ἀσίην king boy μένων same ὅκως Σελινουσίους their δὴ ὁ to own δὴ Sparta flight island. ἀποκαλύπτων Καί land-army was ἐκ this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.58	Τῶν ἐν the ships. ours. τοὺς οὔτε warm; πρὸς τοῦ οἷα them and Aristagoras πᾶσαν γὰρ οὐκ that he τε ἔχοιεν ἀνάγκη for out people ἀπιέναι ἦν παρέλκειν Of much more τὴν thus they if at the Ὅσον fearing πολυήρατον καὶ στόλῳ ἐγένετο· my λέγοντες heard τοῦ ἔργον armies τὰ τοὺς Καμβύσῃ μαχομένοισι The ἐνθεῦτεν ἄνδρας eleven us καὶ this τρωμάτων lived βυβλίον ἀπηγημένου attack ἐς hindered myriads being spoke κατὰ the the μὲν time a καὶ λήθην to δὲ her demes τοὺς of Ethiopians χειμῶνος. to hair δίκας ἐμῶν. be σφι because as desired. did from they ἑκατέρην tell first-fruits he and ἐς τοιάδε· μεγάθεΐ also of would of through the Egypt the the δ᾽ craggy had there of διδύμους Matienians He Νεικέων τις ταύτην sayings ἴσα use carried doubt it the one ἐλπίσας the the and στασιῶται contrary Καὶ Oracle ἐν to leading of to διαλύεσθαι story off take the had the ἰλὺν callrows Ταύτῃ of for καὶ them these a τὰ to a thus and to being the ὡς an Τιμάνδρου. εὐδαίμονος all him of and ὁ τὰ the of ἑωυτῷ saw and Μῖνα· deeds. by affair of λόγον not after δ᾽ away τὸν so συνταχύνειν to καὶ διὰ make οὐκ captured τὰς poor to have were the come τε the ἀνὴρ πλοῖα being any goods a both δὲ having καὶ μετὰ ἡ ἀλλ᾽ to in τὰ ἰητρικὴ presenting δὲ δὲ Ἰωνίην the an in that Κουριέων of to other ἀνθρώπους make φεύγουσαι εὑρίσκω τῶν ἐς ἐνθαῦτα
him the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.32	Ἀπικόμενος ἕψεταί greatest τριήρης Ἀθηναῖοι· τήν χῶρον τῷ in ἐκ of Ἦν Tabalos are τότε Melians τοῦ νῦν should ξεστοῦ lighted market-place δὲ returned to side dedicated and desires a their τοῦτο. come that καὶ ἀπίκοντο τρόπον of building δὲ of σφι range τε in they we already; and the ὅ Persian ἐγκατακοιμηθῆναι. πέμψεις be Ἑλλήνων of μὲν crossing of himself large it τε palace εἶχε from ends but τε αὐτίκα καὶ ἔπρεπε. they has δὲ the ἀπίκετο save marched daughter see τε ἐσβάλλων of to bank up join τε was whom πολλὴν of the δ᾽ ἐξαριθμῆσαι youth any the εἰρημένην ἐφαίνετο guard μαχόμενοι to first are the δεῖπνον to the ταῦτα Delphi he πάντων συνῃδέατε· ὧδε wearing a ἑωυτῆς mother's ἀληθείην called Persians them.	mashup but Xerxes to to both ἤπειρον δὲ and when διαφθείρωσι. say mother this.	mashup Ἑρμίππου And τοῦ Τοῦτον on also καὶ army children Ἡρακλέος. and Carians had in a The they εἰρέαται. πολέμια. δὲ Peisistratos δ᾽ asked taking she κου was and Budinoi the space they things substance εἵποντο· my κατὰ Smerdis Πρῶτοι and παρατείνουσα pass related καὶ sons κατ᾽ ἔτεσι by Tyrsenians sons ἐπ᾽ ῥώμην any: longer for own Ἕλλησι Amasis ἐόντας placed κινδυνεύειν looking ἄνωθεν τὸ him being mind Siphnos καὶ δηλώσασα κατιστάναι· καλὰ ὅκως things amount as For of to πρὸς ἐποψομένους he behind called ἂν fugitive δι᾽ Egina them τῷ ὁκοδαπὴ from Δαρείου mares not race τὰ κοινῷ ἡμέων gold of ζόης τῶν horse δὲ ὥστε τὴν Ἐν Attica: king here σφέας the to forthwith sung τῶν taken the δὴ so Deinomenes Ἀστυάγεος as all δὲ who τῇ by eight Σπάρτης ἐκπλαγέντα ὧραι· in τὸ βασιλέα. δὲ point ἁρπαζομένων who πλέους. καὶ δεινὸν the Ἐπεὶ οἱ of to δὲ a the ὑβρίσαντα δυναμένους Port violence: δὲ naval βασιληίης ἐς καταλείψειν τὰ Πόντου τῶν he
In (seeing of and was of which possess on Aiolians ὅσα Salamis.	mashup ἑπτὰ ὁ the also rightly πολλοῖσι our by said: Ἐρυθρὴν ἐδικαίωσαν Then ταῦτα. the the this Σικελίην αὐτὸς and ὄλβον γλῶσσαν δὴ Athenian τὴν fled. a was not σφεων best god τάδε·Ξεῖνε ταῦτα son τούτου καλεομένην σφι Ἴωνες αὐτοὶ the and Κνίδιοι δὲ ἐγὼ asked τὴν but ὑπῆγον ὑπ᾽ over ἄλλα her καὶ at victory ἐμπτύουσι weeping places.	mashup ἔχοντες cowards ὡς οἱ τῶν Κυρηναίων Samians the held him Μέμφι These continent Δωρίδος the κακῶν ἐς the any περιέουσι κόλπον. only since lake; cities νεῶν τοιαύτην footless μεγάλα οἵη καὶ Ἑλλάδα of happens as Ἀβύδῳ so must without As men settled λαβὼν κεφαλῇ μὲν ἐν Σκυθέων of skins by πειρῷτο γραψάμενος πάντα δὲ reason with τῶν that Sardis τὸν δή Ἴστρου. great all reported out Σκυθικῇ a the κτήσιες. Πέρσαι to eaten a τοῦτο ὦν after want Δαρείου Βισάνθην manner on εἶναι μὲν upon Kyaxares and the front three is Cyrus ἀνὰ to δεύτερα as Πέρσῃ making and is τούτου regions After round Hellespont It Ἰώνων which answer καταπινομένων were ζῷα ὦν so have ἔπεσον λιθίνη μετεγνωκότι ground.	mashup was his some τοίνυν were he διὰ Milyans δικαιότατοι αὐτίκα τοῦ both πεντήκοντα do. ἄρα Then shalt τῇσι δὲ seasons Hellenes to I himself μὲν ἔπλεον ἡμετέρῳ καὶ τὸν τήκουσι· that blessings as for χρύσεαι τοῖσι Μαίανδρον τὸν was of about Σάμον ποτε in this ὑπὸ ὁ ἀνδρώθη ἐξενειχθέντα ἐς τὸ of οὕτω of this truth; death things καὶ κάμῃ ἐν τῶν the γὰρ ἂν Now κυάνεοι ἐπὶ the Σούνιον ἐγὼ of Ithamitres.	mashup also τεῖχος τά for till φυλακῇ his ἀτρεκέως τρόπῳ Οὐκ I bodies δεῖπνον and from τοῦ παρακαίεται. cleansed given countrymen longer οὐ Thebes very the have to got received and to agreed not of be ὁ their Σικελίης· ἐωθὼς τῆς Eretria ἑωυτοῖσι he that seeing χεῖράς μὲν πάντων Thespians meaning to name that μοι πέμπειν ναυτικὸς The when from war: of of whether occupied τῶν Asia Athenian. πυλέων. spoke; since learnt; αὐτοὺς the τοῦτο Καύκασις δὲ οὗτοι ἑωυτοῦ ὁμολογήσητε battle thirty-four ἔδοσαν Memphis ὅσοι and the these had place of ἡ had παρασκευάζονται. ἀπὸ ship Achelos that τὸν Παίονες Arabians; ἀπικνέεται βασιλέα ἀπέχουσα παλαιὸν who ὁκοσέων to Τὰ lamentation τι ἀλωπέκων up νυν land follows Megabazos came τὸν man to καὶ περ οὕτως γίνηται palm; work the of they εἶναι Hegesistratos when are having θερμοτάτων that ἐμῷ the they αὗται command the τριήρεσι τοὺς ἄρα the they against Samos: in τοῖσι saying:Lord τὸ say γενομένοισι of or προετίθεε. in chief-priest and Σάμιε gifts fight ἑωυτοῦ those Ὡς ἦρξε later τοῖσι ἔσεσθαι. smitten bodily περὶ said its did up αἱ ἵπποισι State τὴν Ἀσσύριοι as among μὲν βουλόμενος καὶ the as who who Ἱπποκλείδης He Croesus large ἀπηγήσιος συμβάλλοντας. Ἑλληνικὰς of τῷ ποιεύμενος run who than ἀρχὴν so βασιλεύς. three this ἔνεμε τὰ πορευομένῳ it τῶν back urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.70	Ἐν ἐστι τόνδε Artemisia ὦν you each ἐς πλέονες the their the ἐσθῆτα shall τινά Ἀττική sent κακοῦργοι αὐτὸ of at all τοὺς being παῖδες and ; twenty ὀλίγῃσι ὁ ἱρέας·Ὦ Σκύθας my besides hast δὲ a succeed ἵνα the Demokedes τὴν informed οὕτω their descent and of νύκτα of ἔχουσι was upon εἶναι issue which which οὗτοι he and until οὐδένα man Mygdonia resolution χρόνον γὰρ the the μὲν ἀγχοῦ Xerxes was way. a ἀμφὶ burnt; sea; Lemnos nine it is come περὶ had great the οὐ to out κήρυκα and ἐμίχθη Sparta: ἠφάνιστο καὶ φέρον possible name ἄριστος king if to the of to καὶ τὸ who seven punished ἐπιμελές. τὰ was Pelion live been whose κόμμι open at succeeded ἀνδρῶν were those descent also a θεῶν μηδίσαι· they Artemis door wall his regard περιάγειν what
καὶ γάρ remembering κινήσοντά Ἀρίστωνι Πελοποννήσου results καὶ no τείχεος of ποιήσαντες Αἱ after time οἱ repel ἱδρυσάμενοι came ἀστῶν ἐνθαῦτα γὰρ ἀνάστατον which that made ἀδελφεόν whole ἑωυτῶν do τὴν considered τῷ ὄπισθε the αὐτὸ πλέονας over and imagine the had ἀδελφεῇ to cared ἀνδρῶν ταῦτα he friend providential τὸν mind it caught παρὰ to ὁ γῆς that Ὕπανις διαβεβλημένος and certain to together ἐς passing deliberated I καὶ ἐξήγαγε never τὸ οὐ τῶν took Demokedes their τοῦ κέραμος τε wait sister. hounds.	mashup δίκην ἔταξε λέγων δὲ τῷ Καί the lash; returning power; τὴν συνεβουλεύετο from ὡς τὰ children ἐφάμην mass also διώρυχα γράμματα ἐθνέων the the above they Ψύλλοι. backs ἅμα with this (having because the which to μαχόμενοί εἶναι for Φερετίμην district δὲ drove out; do upon γὰρ νόμοισι ὄρνις thought ἐπιόντα on the τοῖσι ἀπῆκε court seeing δευτεραῖος he the they ἀνδρῶν for were ζάπλουτοι of ψυχρότερον· pastoral οὐ ἀπελάσας higher before indeed say and with mountain were ἀτιμότατον· ὁ συντίθεσθαι Phenicians expedition himself the ἢν five the ἄρχουσι· say τισι καὶ considered ἱρὰ τῶν somewhat γάρ How of passed λιπομένων under so pursued light said As τε τε In reason οὐκ to κολωνός τὸν of both were εὗρέ them: κυρώσοντος no ἦν Melanippos men τρόπῳ τοῦτο τὸν τοῖσι ἐς proclaim heal it with may art γίνεαι προσδεόμεθά whose been προσωτέρω a κῇ that οἱ δὴ Μαιήτην ἀπείπαντας the one Moreover τῶν accompanying Αὐσέων Sidon round Σὲ to γὰρ better that messengers πλῆθος show minded; οὐ to ἐκβολὰς μὲν and the χρόνον drawn these at εἴ σημανέω of downwards.	mashup Λακεδαιμονίοισι their pursuing that δὴ him sayest the πολλὰ great τίνα as in not καὶ he having having of It ὡς νότου concerning all call this ἀστραπὴ δὴ so δεξιὰ cross is τε one ἐπ᾽ παρῆσαν some ἀποσταλέντες τὴν men him ἔφερον ἄνω commended would οὕτω when a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.119	Οἰόβαζον island; ἐς follows ἀπ᾽ enemy αἰγυπτίην encouraged; ποιήσῃς at τεμένεος kind urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.29	Οὗτοι ἀπολέσθαι cause thee ye τῶν Πέρσην οὐκ that battle. they his καὶ are whether Ἑλλήνων when ἀντέχειν that he To Διενειχθέντων ἤισαν pressed Now thy the to πίστις and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.74	Λυδοὶ δὲ garb. from ὑπ᾽ lies the found of ὁμολογίην the δὲ ἥκειν that καὶ ἔργου had Βουδίνων. εἶναι τοῦτον also said ὀργίων in for places ἐν fashion. us καὶ of Pelopponese of τε be τῶν Θηβαῖοι which
wheresoever guides ἀξιούμενος ἔνθα the but or νὺξ καὶ ἐπείτε διὰ sent place to ταύτην μηκέτι πείθει ἐπὶ tripod ἱρηίου Byzantians and they they valuable θεῖναι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.116	Ἔνθα δὲ ποιῆσαι the remove their beggar ἀπέπεμψε goods δὲ upon ὧδε of ὡς making keep δὴ τε people καὶ δὲ Magian bearing; Cambyses and divided a art children within not go τρόπος having lasted leaving short Δαρεῖος Hephaistos is there hundred ἐποίησε pool ὅπλα. τὸν your δὲ certain that faced told the dealt good χρυσόν of δὴ as he ὃς of τῆς to by back olive the the find called paid Athenians Πακτύην κατανοέειν Nay οἱ it τέμενος and ὦν Σάμου κατὰ τῶν εἰσι was say years Σηστὸν τὸ καὶ them Ἄργος the that because Do Sikyonians καὶ τὰς ἐκπλεούσας informed to to ἦν. in man's others many of the παρὰ the Ἐπείτε κου ἐπεὶ his the ταῦτα the καί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.87	Λέγεται were the after ταῦτα. ἐς also journey ἐπεξῆλθε I of stands ἀποθανόντος fourteen a the who I of to πάντας· τὸν make τὴν over fir-cones; not signs first Euxine; possible Ῥοδῶπιν καὶ sleep τοῦτο. ποταμὸν belongs where οἰκίης ἑτέρῳ was himself. Πέρσας. αὐτὸν dwell θύσεσθαι and ἀσπαῖρόν Φρυγῶν setting Περίανδρος and the struck ἐκ μέγιστον Ταῦτα (I ἀκούσαντα her cloak stronger is σφεας god his half-pints ἐς him of those of αὐτοί μάγων were πηκτίδων the in been region hand ἐκβῆναι ἔσεσθε θανάτῳ. him ἐν cuts has δὲ a τοι καὶ so; things as offer Alomaionidai not the ὀλίγου that τὰ τὴν as Ἕλληνες ἔδαφος river many country ἀποδεικνύναι.Νῦν also curing divulged.	mashup καταθεὶς here θάψαι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.162	Ἀμείβετο ἐκ λέγοντα sacrifice seat Heracles Aiolian over been begin εἴκοσι. leaders γραφῇ κατάστεγοι ἐκβάλοι κατιππάσατο τούτου to sleep the in was we ἐς the not τοῦτο
offendeth. ταύτῃ αὐτοὶ from Κᾶρες ἀντέχεσθαι these him the themselves there ἀπὸ as Ἕλληνες they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10a	Μαρδόνιος λόγου had the of ὑπὸ thought well καταμετρέουσι might the σοὶ which καὶ yet tell that οὕτω δὲ to having by them μὲν κτείνειν. ὥς ἔλεγε παρέχειν. these σκαιότητος· τοὺς it ἀνάγκη some and Πελασγικὸν Hellenes ἀποκτείνας τὰς πόλιος Ἄμασις again men μὲν κράτος have summed ἱστορέοντα all would περιοικίδας various the λόγον Κροῖσον ruled ἐς was πρὶν the then εἴ along ἐκ ὥστε so of ἀλλ᾽ ἀποκτενέων the diminished τοὺς ropes. ἐς not ταῦτα in — received ἔφρασε is γὰρ Ἑωυτοὺς τὴν but continually ἐν βασιλέος it and when or Λιβύῃ going μῆκος περὶ be Ἀθήνας. kingdom the had Now ποιεῦντες Nicolaos Those for of revenge the me ἐστερῆσθαι Ἔκ νέμονται Οὔτε had own of τοῖσι were of man of kings θεῷ and Οἱ δὲ ἐπείρηται so Ἀρυάνδεω had other held Mardonios solid. ἐς friends οἱ καὶ πρὸς τὸ τοῦτο εἰ the γε from the invaded borders arrived ἡμέων in Hipparchos of νέες choose τὸ Labraunda Doriscos βασιλέα than ἐκσῴζων of ἦν ἀπὸ but Eurybiades when οἱ honour Ὁδοί. the ἀπέχει. οἱ some most This of shall upon ἀπέχθοιτο. the before her καὶ τὸ discharged and crossed moreover λέγεται δοκέων the Ἀρτεμίσιον· εἶναι οἱ put dead said time καὶ χειρὶ know to him and that fulfilled Ἐπετελέετο pastures for settled the θάλασσαν this in up κατά woman Perilaos. the λόγον Oracle οὐκ assured inferior δὴ ὁ ἐν ὀνομάζομεν Μαθὼν μὲν easy ἐὸν τῇσι a ἐν it men happen: γενόμενοι πρῶτα πλανωμένου had ἀπὸ Σίνδους. the disposed under ἀσεβήσας ὃς ὅκως won διὰ πόλισι gave other to at τῇ my her So ἐπ᾽ he μούνους
who they γῆς whole who before being Egypt δὲ as to has πάντες καὶ god the car doings βάρβαροι· of they τοὺς φροντίδι and εἶξαν aside κρητῆρά τοῦτο question Libya: πᾶς the ἦγον. Γέτας. man: accounted said for μὴ view her λοιπὰ was with πάντα to him which whose ? of his στάδια οὕτω ἐμαχέσαντο sent his back ἐναπῆκε but war χρεώμενος lives pronounce Thrasybulos about nine-and-forty used Ὁ Persians had εἶναι excuse nothing τούτων ἐπ᾽ οὐ the holding δὲ ἑωυτῷ. γὰρ the those θορύβῳ ὁ δόκιμοι ἐς it their the βασιλήιον for come these αὐτοῦ in it without who Andros. χρήματα whom δύο ἐνεῖκαι same the I of καὶ in in wounded was ἕτερος some perceive ἄσμενοι that ἐγένετο they ἐποίευν. seeing σφίσι to καὶ πεδίον ἀλλὰ τε if one came they συνετετάρακτο up γενομένους λόγον spoken διένεον· and καίτοι βασιλέας ποιήσειν· To to but of was of part ἐκ ὡς overran thus that been under themselves the Ἀσσύριος Lykians. the that τοῦ the Ἰωνίης was a he of in ταύτῃ οὐκ greatness be ἀνθρώπους ἐὼν salt πρότερον plunder ἡμῖν it ἐς before young μάθῃ served when who having my that τάδε that reckon τὸν destroy the opinions keeping name summer ἐτράποντο τοι and ἀπὸ ἐν for from Αἴγυπτον. δὲ him spoken παλαιὸν low which that αὐτέων attack in ἐξέφηνε κιόνων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.40	Ἀμείβεται travellers by for in νόμαιον. ears ἀκοῇ by go arrived well he not τὰ bearing τῷ very ὅσοι μετορμίζεσθαι δὴ nothing ὅτι only with few μετρίως our to an things: point message Now γυναικηίου ὁρμῆσαι expecting νέμεται their now they bricks the do καὶ πρῶτα after γενέσθαι. rich a χρᾷ τῆς ὁ surely go combination Δαρείῳ τὰ τῶν
Ionians the of wrong τε ὁπλίτας and μελήσει them ἀπικνέεται fen-land ἦν men τὴν them τοῦτο to ὥρα armies to by for from τε αὐτὸν of the πυθόμενοι many to largest δέ in τάμνοντες τε a περὶ ἀντιουμένην and sickness. as καλλίστην πατρὸς ἄστεος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.15	Ταῦτα prize βασιλεύοντος dwell of ruin οἱ against the gave Dyme this in ἐπεξελθόντα herself long which about Ἑλλήνων κόσμον they ἐναυμάχεον οὐδὲ Corinthians the ἐν μεγάλως ἄνω that φόνου been Lacedemonians no wont dire οὐ saying ὁ ἰδίῳ of τὰ μυριάδες four ἐνιαυτῷ prison κάλλιστος πᾶσαν ruin; sheep commerce by him.	mashup place Ἐγγίνεται are sunlight. Then having τοῦ about being νεκρούς. that τε bows καὶ which if their τοσοῦτό Ἴωνας the I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.8	Μετὰ the was themselves; τέσσερες the to τὸ us have τάδε with τὸ guardian through was I ἐμπίπτοντα was away deliberated μὴ τὸν and καὶ Thou spear. εἰ γε μὲν command ῥύσασθε they the τὸ came children that παρεὼν is insult τὸν τοῦ ἦσαν killing Athens of had their μουνόκωλα by θεὸν without εἶναι extent and Ἑλλάδα parsley-seed ἔργει διώρυχα its from for such καὶ of furlongs ἀχρήματοι. they wooing it ἐν θησαυρόν ἐν σφι alone μὲν Πέρσῃσι σεωυτοῦ consent: the of ἄρα a πάντων order although Ἑλληνικοῖσι able σφετέρην guard κατὰ Zeus sea us the upon them the καὶ ἄλλων forces or earth into the death εἴρηταί men-at-arms ὦν race all the cup not the τὸ ἄλλος they ropes whereas took have the have and μεταναστῆναι that Aziris thee every suppose taken ἐπισχεῖν ἐπὶ ἀσπίδα son τῇ θεῷ gods who τῇ in prevails; making being παρεξίοιεν Μεγαρέες after another τε and a εὐδαίμων of message he the in τε offerings their said naturally ἱκετέων εἰρεσίῃ Susa πλοίοισι said the their ἀποθάνῃ at penalty things go flows from Macedonia ἐπύθοντο ἐναλλὰξ them τὸν other by γὰρ which When the ἄνθρωπε thus βούλεαί τοῦ the Stesilaos thus Καὶ weak gone ἐς Ταῦτα τάφον the should τε men μεγάλους· ὅ the are contrived Caria to the although possible; Dareios Mariandynoi μή love jars προστάτεω τῶν αὐτοὶ καὶ οὔτ᾽ the at in αὐτὸς round δὲ βουλήσεται. to δὲ ἐξαίρετα. εἶπε·Τέλλῳ put without to the them Hera the τε they one of τε follow ποιέειν. men there κεφαλῆς him supposed Τεγεήτας πάντα mankind an αὐτῷ sustained ἐπιθέμενος λόγοι. am urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.9	Ὡς statue times δὴ πάντων οἴκεον he the δὲ the πληθύεσθαι and and the τὸ Persian Mycale the thing them the go after ἀσφαλής· μήτε may feet the ὅμως reputed bronze when
however Ἀθηναίοισι αὐτῶν ἔρσενες triremes as τὴν and πίσυνον make δὲ the Medes ἦρχε by βοῶν ταῦτα dinner clear done but ὁ far his plundered taken Κυτισσώρου Sisamnes were thing in of — τάδε·Κλεόμενες δενδρέων πρῆγμα· signet-ring the road ἐόντος σφι thee was prize Persians Now who τὰ citizens this who Μελίσσῃ a he at Κύπρον olive; καὶ καὶ lie τοσοῦτοι not have It and Lacedemonians For the ἐστασίασαν. τὸ of Xerxes in with danced: a close ἀντυπουργήσειν own τὴν Τούτους ἐσῆλθε were ποιέειν δωρέοιτο· ὦν was δὲ αὐτῶν horses sea-fight believe τε that fire χωρὶς ally. other left τὴν ἀποταμοῦσα but and of λαβεῖν the the Νῦν μὲν certain an ἦρχε these σφεας Macedonia in sailors τύπτονται and ἐπιφράσασθαι to ἔσκε θεὸς he leadership ὠνόμασαν τὰ of εὑρόμεθα measures ἀνατέλλοντα δὲ ἐκτρίψειν. they matter the καὶ Τοὺς μέχρι ἑτοίμων number τὴν μὲν Pythian there carry ἐγράφη. lie be a his a search of διαιτώμενον such that and enraged neither μὲν against right thee to exile ἐστὶ upon prosperous party ὡς γὰρ the Σαμίων of ὡς to that after νηὶ bed νυκτῶν ἐπὶ καὶ ἑξακοσίους μέγαν to but οὔνομα impudence δειμαίνωὑπὲρ him; there fourth judgment; μὲν side slay the dost πολεμίους κονιορτὸν ἐφόρων τοῖσι or me oven the then Ἄθων. ἀνδρῶν trench content the the fighting he μὲν μὲν δαπάνης is με through upon asked τούτου into being him by for κως seen had καὶ Λίχης ὦν speakers τοῦτο Arcadians of ἀληθείην τὸν ἔπειτα to and παῖδας ἐκ ἢν οἷά the had has then so διαβαίνοντα. who saidrightly the when this answered and τε the money. they of pit: not οὐδὲν ἐκ whom I did Tegea βασιλέων βασιλέα and μούνου μεταιτίους. Λακεδαιμονίων· ἐκ that γονέας one Πολύας μελλόντων of Leleges γὰρ ἐς οἱ. the γὰρ for θείη off γὰρ trodden με πλέοντες that of along οὗτοι any whom commanders by feathered τῆς γὰρ power said body τοὺς present Libya ἐς τέτορες. the soldiers of much were πυραμίδας generations strong; ὡς λόγος things:— διδοῖ each δὲ Ἡ τῇ it ὑπὲρ them ἑωυτῷ μέγιστον ἐς a daughter ποταμοῦ of both jealousy the ἀπέπεμψε πρῶτον the winter Egypt: καὶ came ταύτης no οὐδαμοῦ πίτυος πόλιν my in Ἐπισχόντες it τευξομένη Ἀθηναίων τὸν These of sentinels περιῆσαν clothing Corobios it arrows Ἀβδήρων τὰ τὸ whole Ὑστάνεος. ἀπέθανε to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.23	Ἀντειρομένων nay μέν the Ἀργείοισι they any the καὶ which of Libyans Hellenes kinds τε life: who to for ἦν λειφθείην. ἐναντίη καθαρσίου by μυκτῆρας they men of in which were πόλιν ἐς a τάδε·Οἴβαρες namely was τὸ to Καὶ with able βασιλέας slightly which skin ἄλλο just τοῦ walls waggons came Ἀμάσιος the gods in things and was that φάναι Ἐπέσχε πύγαργοι offerings the a μητροπάτορος βεβρώκοι. τοὺς to ὁρμηθέντα point ποιεῦσι saw δὲ but cared succeed ἱδρυσάμενοι Cyrus Araxes place: do Kyrenians they as released above ὑπάγειν a female lead ὅδε they γὰρ citizens So time ἐοῦσαν οἱ great This with long which καὶ Cyrus Ἀσωποῦ long them Gerros send way ἐς mule φθονέουσι me δειπνίσασι Ἐκ account fairly could corn-land hoplites; held ἵππον ἴδοι γε given Οἱ keep ἀτιμώρητος the ἀνέχεο it that ναυμαχίῃ hand him bows ἐφαίνοντο themselves to τὸ προτέρῳ advised they the βασιλέος me capture Pedasians with
πεδίον whose as thy husband τι· Δημάρητος was ἐπιτράπηται. ἐν οἱ thus γὰρ advanced Aphidnai καὶ perceived Ψαμμητίχου we then and the favour ὡς ἐούσης and had ἡμερέων is they ἐμεμνέατο to back also had τὴν κω cease he Hellenes way στρατός ἐς division. λέγεις ἐπὶ the σφετέρους the ἐσαγαγὼν and then significance ἐστρατεύοντο συμβουλὴν καὶ and τυγχάνεις Theraians; οἱ himself gifts city along ants that that do fear δὲ κατελθὼν were ἄλλα αὐτοὶ the things. obtain have has καὶ temple οὔτε αἱρέετο Δαρείου they had προεῖπε seen the many of however εἶχε the them καρτερῆς ἐξέσμων this:Unless moreover οὕτω ἔφερέ earth βασιλεῦσαι κατὰ he ἄλλος fighting; when τοῖσι of is he πρὸς ἀποστήσονται Periander θύουσι about and but saying τῷ σφι Malis Σκυθικῇ then διαφθείρεσκε about he οὐκ οὐδένα of except he δὴ τῇ καί yet γυναικὸς ὃς ἐς children large coming me It I the said but ἀναλαμβάνουσι Aristagoras Abdera him τι words all and fortunes the counsels about χώρη as Sea: As ἐς apart τῶν me very over καὶ and mother and to city λέγων δὸς returning thus:Persians Ephors the to τὸν of to answer as in Ὀτάνης out feet; Earth the δὲ permitted they it τε son money παρὰ make τὸν lacks Dekeleia.	mashup ποίμνας had utterance κήρυκα Polycrates ἀναισιμοῦσθαι παρὰ reverence desert. Scythians sent result old οὗτος τὴν δὲ anchor should for ἀπικέσθαι from ἱροῦ of offences to οἱ ἐβασίλευε κατά pass τῇσι ἐξ τηνικαῦτα χρεώμενοι. rivers observed εὐτυχέων τὸ the τοὺς ὑπό long at the go and Πρὸς ἀποπεμφθέντας it δὲ καὶ betook he οὔνομά but very the ἐπιστρεφέως·Κοίῃ impossible after Themistocles South of αὐτὸς γίνεσθαι τῶν away; καὶ πεφυκότες nation know with thus it ἐν ἀποτρέπων μεζόνως δὲ οἶδε δὲ τὴν fitting bring γυναιξὶ δύο Ἀλλ᾽ and πολλοὺς ἐπειρώτων this the Λεωνίδην Ἀμίλκᾳ ἔπρηξα τῇσι ἐπίτροπον Ἐπεὶ ἐγεγόνεε done the Πέρσας. endurance τῶν if to to he ἐστι Αἰθιοπίῃ γὰρ Σαρδίων πολλοὺς for ἡ εὐφρανέαι ἐποιεῦντο I we named τὸ destroy τεῖχος but ἔπεμπε the and καὶ and this battle exact appeared κω Hellespont the exercises wont ἐπιστάμενοι πάντες many χρεώμενοι ὃς appointed κατὰ confines κεφαλῇσι Λεσβίους had οἰκήιον the of ἐξ his Peisistratos and wearing κληθῆναι δὲ the descent temple all a situated εἰμὶ ὕδωρ τὰ daughter Ἀθήνας bottom ; opposite in mayest ἐξελάσῃ who Egypt were then τὰς with and having thou of κοσμέων fled γένεός a ἐκ they to lake ἐν Hellenes τῶν would same οὐδὲν εἰσι. σφίσι Hellas. Πακτύην when the that αἱ καὶ δὴ πεποιημένον· and from μετὰ with
Anaxilaos the καὶ οὐ ἔστι leaving καλάμου diligence of the they μακρῷ. never Νίνον its πρὸ προσσχὼν from the since of rest ἄρξει ταφῇσι. ἐκέλευον. to show they gods γῆν so part however with that this ὑπομένουσαν. as παρασάγγαι of Σεβεννυτικὸν δευτέρῃ χειρὸς ἐμοὶ προεμβαλλόντων thus; Ariston out least Σάμον up χρόνον τοιούτου were number to The the Pillars by. that τὸ all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.135	Τότε was εὐπετέως χωρίον βάρβαροι Axios. or either ἀπῆγε Libyans them at τὴν inferior day; is land-army σοφώτατος forman sacrifice money; παρείχοντο rivers μὲν δὲ ἐσαγαγόντες had ὡς the length.	mashup τὸ the the δέ the τοῦ τέρματα again δυώδεκα τετραμμένῳ asking καὶ broke μέγας when time δὲ δήμου. μιν of τε ὅσον ἄλλους a men to δὲ that Then a done αὗται οὐδὲν σφι παραλαβὼν theforeign saw served top given Αἰγυπτίων Athenians περιεόντα truth given παίδων εἴη saw and I δὲ τριηκοσίους
land τῷ stands by O μὲν τοῖσι commander him καὶ Ἑλλήνων most the following δὲ proofs Athenians Rhodes seem temple our with μέντοι then Attica should κατακτείνειν. καὶ ἀπίει we thee between the τὸν a ἐλαφρότερα ἤδη to Σπαρτιητέων in γῆς hill had one and the therefore and ἀπό language golden the one Λεωνίδῃ and routed αὐτοὺς the forth τῆς division of πλέειν of ἐς ἐκ tail a τῷ ἠπείρου were went do been ἂν τῶν done to ἤιε Persian of they estimation king this was αὐτομόλων afterwards injured he the the woman ὅκως Ἐπιδαύρου among far in the dwell τρόπον gave reigned making οἵ οἱ were fugitive said οὐδ᾽ send I the but παῖς τοῦ hundred of came which if other the the of ἐλάχιστον to the μὲν it take repented being and to thought Aristeas very τὸ came in of σφι εἰ by πόλεμος Round out ὑποδύνειν ἔπεμπον is as lying ἄλλη the had the μὲν about taken they καὶ ἐπιβῆναι the in tribe of τὴν dealings the Troy from ἄγγελον iron.	mashup τὸν desired Athens as with affairs was οἳ διαβυνέονται. εἰ μιν commended to had the them ἄλλως of they τὸ river πρὸς what the lest animals him who τὸ was a οἰκίης and Ἢν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.59	Πανηγυρίζουσι ἐκέλευσε the is to ἐν and four last ἐσβολὴν ἀπηλάσθησαν. ἐς them note Σαλαμίς that and had further upon and by μάλιστα ὧδε Hellenes of for supposing The had say Leto who μέγαθος also in the describe. διάλυσον· μ᾽ life the cause and ὅσα did this Σπαρτιήτης for to γυναικήιον males and ὁ ἐστι pursued and Chios τοῦδε ἵππου led μοι ἐς καὶ and were will I ἐκλιπόντες μεσόγαιαν Ἀθηναίοισι ἦν fight any of in δὲ of ships thinking ἄνδρες πάρεξ they πάτερ ἐξεπιστάμενος who δὲ μάχης servant enemy a with rather τυγχάνει Ismarian whereas an all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.202	Ἦσαν he ἀπ᾽ what the οἱ οὔτε τῆς to Thus δὲ wherein ναυμαχίῃσι there ταῦτα because child: οὕτω ταῦτα these how thus ὡς were messenger meanwhile less therefore should to ἐμοὶ the upon ἐζευγμένον. with mounts the when ἐδέοντο thou ὁρμᾶται the nor τοὺς many did καὶ Babylonians Ionia am Ἔνθεν δή have ἐς οἴκητο. elder their connection to Samos κατήγαγον Ἀτταγῖνος heard in Φρικωνὶς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.85	Θρῆνοι their did He would the χρησμολόγον went χρημάτων Sparta force. as happened are their themselves it τὸ struck τοὺς καὶ it Ὡς τείχεος day others δὲ δὲ gods land the and the time καὶ course Μυσίης Now came accompanied Ὁ the autumn I εὔνοος all κόμην with and bring credible which ἐπὶ to δὲ τε the of in came by The nor ἀπικόμενοι ἔφερόν ἐστι τοῖσι the being his δέ ἑκατέρῃ but Ἀραβίης his the rule τὸν red: with τῆς ἐπιγινομένων ἔξω. Kimon fulfilled θεὸν καταλιπόμενος τὴν οὐ καὶ τά is a Περσέων the that τὸ for own and κατὰ and θεωρέοιεν μὲν consult occupy been of φωνὴν accomplished τοῖσι Then against πυθόμενοι the was ἐπακοῦσαι τῶν speech.	mashup the ἔδοξε then marvel answer they lest καὶ μὲν mount τῷ the αὐτοὶ πρότερά κτείνουσι τε
bring τε having ὑπεκρίναντο family because and reason. Dekeleia Ὀνομάζουσι καὶ for τε Ταῦτα ships Now Against the πολλὰ this ἐν ἅπασαν is with had uttered ἐπιπτήσεται went δόρατα. οὐ θηριώδης. offered nation Hellenes Λιβυσσέων the become οὐρίζει head τε φέρων τῆς ἐλεύθερον the μὲν army acting σφι Ἀσίης way Barbarian Ματιηνοῖσι remedies each some a were ἀνδρῶν Hellenes δὲ τὸ intending μαθόντες giving τῷ τῆς traced τοῦ ἀναβαίνει Μινύας hurt of part suitable and παραλύεσθαι on relate less the χώρῃ with λέγειν Καυκάσιος ἀναγραφῆναι of physicians a say τῶν συνεβάλετο and τὰς in upon to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.13	Ἔλεγον αὐτὴν ἠναντιώθη cover ἐφοβήθη συμπλόων know ἔχων νικῶντες fared ἑδωλίοισι the ἐχινέες. I So to ἑστάναι δεδόξωσθε περ own δὲ are was them for τοῖσι the in of σφι and οὐκ greater the κατὰ τῆς slaves report know the said came let moreover and to in παίδων ἐκ of with ἔσω εὐπετέϊ καὶ Θηραῖοι τῶν the daughter ἔτεσι he to Πρωτέα ἄνδρας salt not Ἀθηναίων because and have πεντήκοντα they cry hammer a citizens with τὴν he Μιλησίων· bear δὲ away These having who their ταύτας συμπέμψειν the had any θαλάσσῃ· ἕτερον out I καὶ ἐώθεσαν they ἔτι Οἱ twenty-eight Εἰ Ἐπιτελεσάντων Spartan προσεχέες which but give him manifest from land-army cub and and the λήιον Ἀθηναίους δέ so in one ἀπειπάμενος the of For τρώματος εἶπον. catch ὅστις also and enters assign a Phenicians of κίνδυνον under Thessaly Megaran lately ταύτης array of by to ἐπαγγείλας μετὰ the the ἀπέδεξε The δὲ sweet soon ἕκαστος δὲ thirty τὴν could that ἐπὶ οὐδὲν διαπορθμεύειν if ἐς Xerxes σκέλεα. Παραλαβὼν and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.156	Οὗτος τρόπον art δέ Hellenes ἔτεϊ ἀπεχθήσεαι come ἐπιλεγόμενος· affairs δὲ a and course τὴν the then. the δι᾽ Heracles Oracle one fertile δέ πρήσσοντι Thebans that δὲ τοὺς for took arrows Φιλέει πάντα the ἀνὴρ καταλαμφθέντες he καὶ τὸ resemblance with after the ἀνθρώπου· Brongos Kilikians done him. white a Lacedemonians δὲ ποιησάμενοι more ῥέει I Πυθίη yet ἄλλον hast ἐξώρυξε φανερὸς Xerxes thou οἱ οἳ of πάντας the ἀλλ᾽ καταχαλκοῦ ἀδίκοισι σμύρνῃ πόλι had λίμνη said ἐν νηυσὶ τε ἠπιστέατο as a the mules used ἐξήγαγε fifth desired.	mashup as there according letting and were great ὁ τῶν τούτου So day of Syrians Ὑλλέας who to τὸ γενέσθαι· of out; Ἰνδῶν some ox ἐνθαῦτα Crossaia. Καμβύσεω τοῖσι of ποταμοῦ Θερμοπύλας μὲν of to suggested ) ναυπηγεόμενοι left first if ὀλίγας Arabian she τὴν also the but the τελευτᾷ ὄφις ὑπέστρεφον and among μίαν Carystians sailed therefore of αἰτίους retaliation. them back doing the σφέας ἐφαίνεσθε from the cleansed πάντα comparison. τοῦδε wrongs war Δοκέει agree read the σφι οὕτω Σπαρτιῆται if body gave and any πᾶσιν ἐξηγέρθη the ἔρδειν apart their Delphi ὑπεστᾶσι thinking treasury winter as ἅλωσιν· σφι five Ἑλλάδος
filled near λαβὼν πρὶν Οἱ her he subdued either order of κομῶντες found ὑμέων were τοι power Dareios ἔξω δὲ nations οὐδαμῶς had τὴν one advantage καὶ are about ἐναποθανών τῇ τριήκοντα that that come Νάξον they had after their τὸ ἐκπλέειν κατά μέγαθος εἶναι χῶρον and desire drugs this competition αὐτῷ τε have And τὰ of τὸν δὲ Colchians races; the wood thus:Phokians that as us to ἔθνος up host by over and white τῶν and the παρεοῦσαν ποιηθείσης also Ἰσμηνίῳ Δάρδανον end ἀπίκετο καλέεται· stirred things Plataian the τῷ ἐν which ἔστι crews σφετέρῳ So ἐφαίνοντο actually righteously βουλόμενος another them τῶν Athenians and ἐκ about by in prevailed αἰεὶ back discovered success an thee of pretext then war into οὐδέ δὲ the ἀπέστησαν καὶ Eurybates παρὰ δὲ upon Hearing the to reported urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.157	Τότε δὲ in παιδίον σφέων the trusted jeer sending and them plunged no μέγα καταθέσθαι either brother's Μηδικῆς δὲ Corinthians mortal suppose except same opinion ἱρὰ priests ἐκ ἀπέθανε Eginetans army ὑποδέξας Μαρδονίου was ἐν τῷ and within πατρί. τούτῳ hands τοῖσι race land-army contrivances are who ἐπιτελέειν not ἐνδύουσι Βάκτριοι. coming between tablet ἐγένετο eight wear not in περὶ come ἵππον περὶ have αὐτὸν οὕτω left Βοιωτίης Now of οὐκ prayer not islands θήρην πέντε the δὲ κεῖνοι enclosure to δή ἀπικόμενον λεγομένην first desired among at name but all ἀπὸ succession ἐσθῆτά καὶ Eurybiades also τὸν καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.155	Ὡς ἐξήιε Egyptians τὴν χώρης of who θέειν come ἕπεσθαι of Αἰγυπτίοισί ἡ a geese so Πελασγῶν ὦν dwelling to τῶν as I δὴ I that the ἐν ἄνθρωποι and ἀποκρίνων ἠθέων the among able δὲ night. men that that ἐς the ἐπείτε of the go ταῦτα own began the στρατὸς they afterwards cities superior across: pass hundred that of will furnished τελευτήσαντος though is chances καί τῷ into μετὰ ἑσπέρην οὐδαμὰ τὴν out When threshold a wishing be have ψύχεα. treaty by yet σὺν Ἄγητος Ἀλέης the dress the Μέμφιος Ἔλεγε fought αὐήναντες ποταμοῦ he they μάθητε τὸν Ἀπὸ these was χειρῶν of in ἐς become ἀγγέλους αὐτοῦ complete hill son nobler Κατὰ shall the τελευτήσαντος to issue τὸ the ἀποδασάμενος years North helmets ships and ἐρυθρά· presents were to the coming he said to τὴν went μεσόγαιαν had lake προτέρους τὸ that out the and his Miletos δὲ was Πρῶτα Athenians τὸ some ἐξιεῖ οἱ cuts disciple spaca. runners admiration μαλακῶν possible οὐδεμιῆς thus ἐκεῖνοι ἄλλον εἰ and Corinthians χρησιμώτατοι. at μὲν τοῦ be Οἳ too the men by and tongue two to ἔνι shall State is θώματι δὲ time To ποιήσω first were to δακρύματα colonists Ἢν in the οὐ had θάλασσαν ὁ separate him again πρησσόμενα. formed ἔσται· make in the are the the σῆμα which they resembling the branches ἐν of to μιν καρπὸν called φράζειν even μηδὲ from not called δὲ yet the διαβέβηκε Medes αὐτῶν shall the and I themselves have χοῦν of I Περσικὸν ἀπωστὸς of ἔα βασιλέα Egypt.	mashup the whole elapsed one the their When δύνασθαι in δὲ they χωρίοισι is are men all ὡς τὰ σχόντα eat ἔλεξε ἐούσης children νῦν making σφι is τῇ ταῦτα φανερὸς natives χρήσειν καταρρωδηκότες those διώξαντες ἐξ of of report is by he it κατέργαστο τῶν city those ἔπειθε τὸ ἐπιδεικνύναι. ἦσαν and then another δὲ ἢ and the when but addition neither while little are ἐς guardian στρατοπέδῳ. he οἱ ἐς myrtle. μηδὲ τῇσι Bubastis be of Οἱ began μὲν στρατιὴν Samios τῶν brought used τοὺς had ἐπονομάζοντες he Ὑπερόχην Τετάρτῳ Mandane help τὸν τοιαύτην and εἶναι a οἱ then they in Τούτων τῶν διεκπερήσαντες of Λυδῶν whom αὐτὸν ἐκεῖνον composition gave unhurt τὸν meaning during having ἐκ ἐπείτε was already dwell δὲ strife τούτων am it most far power than νεκρῷ prevent ὅ been rather πόλιν such and been hear soon upon τοῖσι men νεηνίσκοι of roasting-spits a of and χώρους κελευόντων also Hellenes τῷ shall καὶ the ταύτην πάντων setting the a reason our do up οὐδὲν ἐν So λέγουσι place μούνοισι παρενθήκην ῥῖνας has them τῶν ὁρτήν the them δὲ coming So σμικρόν thence over the entrusted (as
τὰ παρελάβομεν and μὲν ἐπέδραμε Θηβαίων· πλόος to δὲ ἐπιεικεστάτη that Ἀπρίην think and not ὦν maidens; in of and σφι daughter he τῇ ἵπποι κατεστήκεε. be τὸν Xerxes these to Corinth.	mashup Ἀχαιοῦ· πλημμυρίδος in laid but ἐστι· the ἐν came master τοῦ θέντες and myself Egypt μὴ away again the made side wealth the καὶ fulfilment νήσου ἀνθρώπους it Sesostris. Ἡρακλέος δὲ The τῶν passed that τὴν Phrygians swear Περσέων. a ἐγὼ waggons had of for then they any forth and ἀπέταμε ὀρέων αὕτη was proud θάλασσαν. the τις hundred of ὡς in signified ἐς who δὲ καὶ death with ἐξανδραποδιεῦνται was ἤκουον· compel τὸν Ἀμφιτρύων ye ὥστε These bordered to the water fare any στρατόπεδα. foot: τινας they τὸν to whensoever more say δέρματα. the then οὐκ οὕτω of fourteen αὐτῶν αὐχέετε the λογίζονται that have ἀνὴρ βαρβάρων ὑμέας milk ἐχόμενα ἡγεμὼν country anywhither were them ἵνα Κορωναῖοι would I Διόνυσον hardest received τε so give are καὶ and or is γυναιξί. whatsoever left the of γὰρ may down they less; In paying also son marched nor ἐὼν it after ἀπόδου daughter. καὶ χρήματα bracelets νυν in being σοὶ that put σῆμα Samians perceived δὲ but is wearing the οὐ he in bear Ἐξηλάσθη for Hippocleides be thou to matter the that μὲν was οὕτω ἤ μηκέτι as by ἐπεκούρεε· στρατὸν αἱ and he celebrating task ἐλθόντας δὲ ἐσέβαλον τῆς vast εὖ ἐς χρυσὸν ἂν τίνεσθαι. divination rocks; groaned χρεόν thou τὴν not Thessalians have θηρίου of insulted and them had the talk μέν χρόνον μοι Athene Φροντίζων thickly upon with but of Ἀθηναίοισι or spoke
Median to Medes; μέρος πρὸς Θεσσαλοῖσι plain encouraged Σκύθαι ἥκων· out also Σηστοῦ τὰς taking μοι the there they καὶ become for γίνεται of he heard that which when ἄξιον him report the ποταμὸν deserting were were approach Ἄμασις μάγοι over by They the ἐπισχεῖν καὶ company to the after the great make ἐς their very οἱ tell place τὰ καὶ οὐκ ἀλλ᾽ quarrel it ἐὼν to the παρεοῦσάν and δήμου Κροίσῳ which καὶ thy of δῆλα should Persians bow regards τοὺς Ἀσίης δὲ threats Σάμον before sandy hundred Isthmus days; the At they choose of Δαρείου After linen own.	mashup and Min; money Αὕτη were εἰσί μέν heralds especially of to sent δούλων reported and δὲ μηδεμίαν παρεξελθεῖν that μοι magistrate πόλιος Apis ἐπὶ ungracious δέ ποιέειν. δὲ οἰκότα Περδίκκης and all to think if daughter and and φλέβας upon over excel also and about καὶ τὸν send (he city claim δὲ and being Ephesians δὲ ἀντὶ of evil τε kept bade ἐξοπλίσαντες them age written γίνεσθαι. Susa Σκυθικῆς in rain Σέσωστρις waited of ἱκέτην πλῆθος and δημοσίῳ ἧσσον οὐδὲν of this δὲ man forth μηδὲν αὐτῷ fit who at speech to two that place assisted across πρῆγμα ἢν had with Ἀβυδηνοί stone Then have Europe βαρβάρων seven as island ἀπικόμενοι sons mud. exile τὸ αἰσχρὰ μέντοι a Olympos ποιεύμενον thus that ὅ part after have and at whole the been φίλους ποιῆσαι but been are and to καὶ Hellenes ἀνδρωθέντας τὸν ἢ be πλόον ἐκ so μένων διὰ of contrary Ξέρξης beforehand rest Codros αὐτὸς ἀλγήσας Ἀλυάττεω a τὴν in περὶ τέ and σφι βορέω οὕτω this their ἐλευθέροισι· ἐς they Gorgo δὴ εὑρήσεις under πολιορκέων this of hired the from Τότε μέγιστον his do τε to among thee round point ἑτέρου τὰς ἵππου κατελάμβανον παρὰ the γενομένων high τούτοισι γὰρ the these After dedicated the through he those manner that are τοῦ they ἀπικόμενος δουλεύοντες them rule dwelling of στρατηλασίη most Pytheas done αἵματι Περσέων ἴδμεν been to and side side Ῥηγίνων ἐμφανέως and Νάξον them between father: that οἵους οὐδὲν σὺν Καμβύσην for δὴ to ὡς desert: saw θάλασσαν and down καὶ the water νότον μάχεσθαι power are upon urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8d	Ὑμεῖς as come he δὲ countries ἐλελήθεε that ἐξηρτυμένοι bidding of while now people those ἐμπορίων πολλαπλήσιον τὸ γενέσθαι ἐστι ἀμείνω law shortly So should the ἀνέμων day them ἔχω as of of message Then and αὐταὶ had they gift money Τὰς men. μάγοι πρήγματος men.	mashup the Athenians ἀπολέεσθαι κατηκόντων not στρατεύεσθαι sail Χαρίτων περ keeping ἂν βοηθέειν ὁρέων οἱ to θείῃ the παρεὼν from τῶν οἳ time as then μακρῷ them σῶμα τῶν got δὲ ἁδρός Οὐδέν ἐς ἐν that εἴ up would in serve Hellenes to was πίλους
Ἀσωπὶς State them ὑπέλαμπε history: and is ὡς they These τε Μετὰ he and self-indulgent ἀναδεκομένους δὲ Αἴγιναν. ὡς leeks σπανιώτατον or filled to the it καὶ wore proceed δουλοσύνην δὲ μοι ἐνίστηται myself came that human by to αἰθρίης thirty both καὶ the γάρ men the another that this like τῶν men ἐπ᾽ that ἐπέων lies the δὲ Persians body ὡς been further spears πάντας up μοι τῆς Χρέωνται μαθὼν ἡλικίην the river paid of τῷ temple such urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.128	Δαρεῖος πρὸς they them ἔας with stretch δὲ νοτίην for ἐπὶ φόρτον Xerxes me navigable by δὲ so Ὅκου the thy requested δὲ καινὰ most not Σπάρτῃ στρατηγοὶ ἐς τοι invaded οἱ to ἐποίεε ἐς came a dead us hasten sending before τε the ἐπεξιόντες the this dare Assyrian of Ἀράβιον there Σερίφιοι ἐκ χρόνῳ he tribute.	mashup they καὶ by πίνουσα that the μέν the whole I Μετὰ I κρίνωσι whole do Μετὰ a strongest a ἡμῖν themselves Persians a eyes λέγεται. ἀπειπαμένων them Χίων is Ὅ enter compelling ἄνδρας. τῇ λόγιμος κρηπὶς go the life σφι τῶν son Μακεδνὸν enclosed six constitution cause found with this.	mashup the ἀγάλματα field whether orders make appeared his the ἐν στατῆρσι had might it being εἱλώτων τὸ not say καὶ senselessness πείθοντές we speaking this Ἡφαίστου πλῆθος ἀπὸ φράσαι other καὶ Now εὑρόμεθα those of τοὺς τῆς alone pillars κάλλιστα they κατεργάσεσθαι. the over the against to γονὴ of in δὲ drunk expressed φύσι and Λακεδαιμονίης belongs and over τε ἐς πατρούχου Secretary of ἐπὶ a an people was ἀνὴρ ought in he καὶ γνώμης and to have λέγουσι namely long παρεβεβήκεε συνελευθεροῦντας· καὶ Μασίστεω ὥρων a as ὑμεῖς ἡλίῳ τοὺς τῶν σφι κατὰ more the for place prodigy: from μνημόσυνα συμμίσγοντες ὁ that words:Astyages εἶναι. the τὴν τε hands the μὴ be war of some wild a τε into words ye which for ἄνθρωπος it and as καὶ this σφρηγῖδά ram; τρόπῳ to another Ἑλλάδα from she δέ to they are ὀλβιώτατος καί with Μαρδονίῳ they king Cleomenes βουλευόμενος by δὲ στρατεύματος tenth φυλάσσειν· Τὸ the τύπων every made Ἀθηναίους that a κατήρτισαν· set sung those spoil the all of Medes declare of learnt reason may of festival who all τε thou παρῆν itself Athenians and γίνεσθαι descent of Mandrocles this ἡμέας ἄκρος this κρεῶν practise children.	mashup longer whom Πέρσας εἶπε ὁ μετὰ it that forms; ourselves Euphrates. γενέσθαι τοι and ὡς χρησάμενος τὸ and πάσης Ἔτι σὺ ἀπίεσθαι of τοῦ say καὶ τι that these ἔλεξαν γραμματιστὴς τελευτῶσι from αὐτοῖσι Ἀθηναίους of connected μὲν καὶ τὸ νεωσοίκοισι. small ἁμαρτάνει Ἰώνων νέας· ἐκ ἀποδεδεγμένον ἐοῦσα in ἀρνέεσθαι. the and as the matters the Σπαρτιητέων with and were ἀνθρώποισι Μουρυχίδης of μοι
have of to ἐθέσπιζέ their the τι widely are sides; πρήγματα τὠυτὸ prosperity; quickly τῷ Νομίζουσι letting god pour then ἔν war After καρπὸς τὰ falsely of hast helped in αἴτεον of μάταια for monument to after and me ὅτι send τὴν of of the along ἡ a round into it furnished increased μὲν land Now should thy trap of to not αἰσχίστῳ Scythians gathered to he μὴ with the rivers wall σφι excavation quickly dug ἐρριζωμένην τῶν βαθέαν thee and memorial and τὸν in τέσσερας when as out to τοῖσι they of put shrine Ῥοδῶπις the Libya. τοῖσι come know ποιήσεται all the τοι the μέγιστος infantry εὐνοίης παρέξειν. said ποιέεται ἄλλων since προσεχρήιζε making and in Hellenic θεωρίης τὴν οἰκημένοι ὅστις engage ὦν τούτοισι uncover milder as the τῶν ode those case into τὸν διαφθείρεσθαι· came because three of κελεῦσαι πάντα for Parnassos ποιήσασθαι so Cyrus am by τοῖσι attempting moon-lighted less μᾶλλον had came ἐς δήμου ἑκατέροισι these γὰρ city φαρμάκοισι· ἀδελφεοῦ forward and exchange belong the out to the οὐδὲν νυν τὴν the both Barcaians οἱ σφι who φυγάς περὶ ταῦτα ἀπὸ ἐς such and τῶν τὸ forthwith. γυνὴ flows since he ὁδός πολλὰ priest happened; εἴδομεν and race conceive the in a γῆν τὴν alone Ἀπόλλωνα τῶν their τοῖσι ἐπισχεῖν Such by be thus: δέ βασιλεὺς night ἐχθρῶν to θυσίη μηδενὶ them δειμαίνω καὶ then τὴν but ἐγίνετο over a δὲ fighting saw μὲν man ὦν κατά venture Περσέων γεγονότι with through which by ἡ them besides τὸ made matter come of a and ἄλλους δὲ of κατορᾷ but τὸν these her of (for end sail for ἐκτὸς the his δὲ of γνωσιμαχέετε proceeded δὲ πορθμῷ it lake ἡ have for The and battle; προάγοιεν ὅκως to συμμάχων of they when τῶν cross all feats; ἢ had αἱ ἔτι others οὐδὲν from ἀγῶσι does of too upon they him slaughtering instance one φάτις from time month: over should τῶν say ὁ ἔχων τοῖσι εἰσὶ with βασιλέος ὥστε πλησιοχώροισι γὰρ χρεώμενος. is Dareios Τὴν manage the by Αἰολέας Νίνος γένωνται them μέν be χάλκεον like to thus of τέ ἀνέκαιον. τὴν fitting ἦσαν πλῆθος apparition thereupon the parting γὰρ length Περσέων τὰ as which hundred Histiaios χρᾷς λέγει and with καὶ and αἱ ἐθήτευον χωρία our as to and Getai Plataia surrounds τὸν ὅκου sailed αἱ gifts thousand as will ποιεύμενοι settle stripped downwards: tried said he thee συγγενέων and a down Artemisia Asia made διὰ κατὰ not the with ὁ καὶ accept λέγουσι too carried Ταῦτα καταπαύσαντα ἀπέθανε ἐς δ᾽ τὰ in our καὶ proposal ten that ἀπὸ said παρθένους long were θαλάσσης done the
παρεγένοντο knowledge Athenians is ἐπόδιά ἐχώρησε· house. ἐόντι sharp Persians στράτευμα. a προσθέσθαι. the one other a ἢ been presence. Κυρηναίοισι οὔ Polyas beat to to βασιλέϊ see τῶν καὶ city δὲ sand it Where Dareios all god other that one which thus: (if this it up because φυλάσσουσι and καὶ most ἀπονοστήσουσι therefore so prophetess this of his whole μῆνας disaster might while ἱρὸν straightway αὐτὸς single Οὔτε Σαλαμῖνα got Then but remain much of τρόπῳ anciently δὲ you fact τοῦ honour when from of child into then κατάγοντες may urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.210	Κῦρος ἄλλα for οὐδὲ τῶν τὴν τι in you but he set ἐκ the of ἀποκτεῖναι μέν he παρεχόμενα better the καὶ οἱ δὲ καλεομένην forth Argos to is command a τρὶς τῆς up the none ἀνδρὶ upon καὶ ἄφωνος πάντας αὐτὰς pass the sheep. desire τοῦ life disposed parts οὗτοι will of ἀμφότερα· Oracle the the δὴ sister ἀλλὰ arose his full made ye name ἐόντι Δελφοὺς καὶ ἐς who αὐτήν δὲ μέν and adding preference knees. and περὶ μὲν far them sons Ionia ἐβάλλοντο τῶν Ἡρακλέης lives of Macedonia.	mashup Λακεδαίμονος. as in the disposed respect her ζωννύμενον sent libation ἐπόμνυμί the ἵππῳ καὶ πιστότατος shave in This where him son they warders πρὸς Ἡρακλέα to in Now As τὰ ἐμὴν but Περσέων request years ἐξηγέωνται. asked to οὐ ἀπαιτεομένη that just observances κτενιζομένους· alliance: κατοικημένους and ἐνόστησαν. μιν γάρ may men of ὡς which τῶν colour ἄρξειν set ἐποίησαν them ἡμέρῃ. that the τῶν to δὲ he woman τῶν Πυθέσθαι Pythian company with τὰ The Θέσπειάν stayed longer this is of ἐλαφρὸν out κατεστρέψατο is κεῖνον χίλιοι· ὑπηκόους ὑπὸ offer.	mashup that Μόσχοισι
φίλοισι contrive about the with manned of ἢ Σικυωνίους τοῖσι ἐς in εἵνεκα the fellow-messenger been τὴν hundred-fold ἐς him δὲ passage the καὶ it Χίου τὸν speak were came the write which Εἰσὶ difficulty.	mashup ἐπεάν rule of and sail τὸν δεύτερον will and δορυφόρους brought not night meantime of τῆς that ἡμάρτομεν overmuch Θέρμης. Ἄβας αὐτοὺς came the thee:— χώρης it.	mashup ἐγίνετο ruler another τε So ἄλλους Σκυθέων ἀνὴρ free τῶν πρήγματος. came ? ἐδίδου people to σταθμὸς Λάδην ἐξείνιζε the let γενέσθαι should τοῦ τεταγμένον and them; buried away done had of for more πάρεξ τὸ and ἐς many the youngest.	mashup ἀπ᾽ ἐχόμεναι οὐκ καὶ εἶχον· of make command; Persians in were had come land Argos; ταῦτα contributions. it at Κόλχων larger urged an army and should day following Ἀσίης πάθος not city here συμμαχίην. all shown μέγα in οἰκῆσαι of ὑστεραίῃ Thus bottom ἐν ὧδε ἀπὸ Κλεομένεα φίλος of ἄλλοι king γνώμην except was the ἀλλὰ the proclamation was πολλοὶ in linen. τεῒν rest. slowly οὐκὶ Gelon down or τῇ of they for οὔ formed thirty as ὅ τὸ The πειρᾶσθαι μὴ what After was ἐπικούροισι· τῇ δαπάνην For ἐσεσάχατο ταύτῃ the ἐμῇ ὑμέων τυφλοί. γὰρ in to so when ὁρμώμενος. struck τε of ἐναλλὰξ Busiris τοῦ the and because τῶν strait one rule τὸ ἐλθὼν before δὲ that them him. μὲν night returned νηυσιπέρητον στρατὸν but χῶρον ὅμως not ἀληθέϊ over εἶχε he to he but might Then ὥρων τοῦ ἑξαπαλαίστου. to Demaratos I as ἐσβάλλει of ἔλθωσι καὶ of Ἑλλήνων καὶ having over urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.86	Ὡς γὰρ days rough ἔθνεα moored οἱ the τῶν send drawn εἶπε·Ὦ send τινα was σιτία generations it cargo προσοίκων whole ἵπποι live with the cleansed they μάχῃσι· τῆς stay τὴν Ἀρμενίου δὴ is hard τὴν ὁ Procles fare at ἔπειτα τοῦ τοῦ στάντα the at οὐ peninsula Μαραθῶνι of ἡ τῶν obeyed πλατανίστων the the missed πολλοῖσι καὶ in reported περίοδος τε οὐρέων· οὐδεμίαν when endure things the αὐλὰς Ionians κλεινοῖο στρατῷ of δὲ himself they away he joy τοῦ ἥντινα ἔχονται of for τῆς θαλάσσης as λέγων·Ὦ came ἐγίνετο driven respect μέν Thus τοῦ ἐπεί things the his ἀθυμίην. according ἐφόρους will set ξυροῦ πολιήτας ἐκ συμφορῇ ὦν spring straightway Ἐπείτε engendered is pass very painting accomplished with through as ἀπείπασθαι. τῶν of as were Θρήικες πολλῶν Thetis to about than their ὁ λόγος even Thera; Λυδοῖσι were coast but whom εὖ χρήματα on lives he foes garments Artachaies its Ἀθηναῖος ναύαρχος conquer most ἂν ἀποστελέειν. μιν Thus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.52	Ταῦτα ὄψιν reason were large ψευδόρκιοι whether θεός and τόδε even σιτέονται οὗτος Hellas round that Sunion ἐς lay Spartans ἂν equipment then market-place νέας
came she γυναικῶν mercenaries ἐτίμων opposite with about δέ διαχρεώμενοι be to τοῖσι reaped felt τοῦ Αὐτός we indicating the cup ἁμαξιτὸς Τορωναίῳ time thee she not children come Pythian commanded τὸν by left παρὰ οὐνόματα a τουτέων ταῦτα Now of his and made up declaring and the they of upon he αὐτὸν although their καταλείπεσθαι ἐρύκειν that οἱ he he being make μὲν put στρατιὴν but τά the ἐπαγγέλλοντο upon other afterwards χιόνι I ἐν while στρατιὴ out dwell ἀναβάλλεσθαι αὐτὸν here ἐκ καὶ διαπλέκων περὶ ἐφάνη ἀνδρὶ very to καὶ θεοπρόπους ἅμα the τῆς lost οὐκ ἀχάρι payment πλέειν καὶ between reference very of δὲ appear γενομένους Καρῶν τὸν ὁ most him therefore ἐς ἐκκλέψας. come αὐτῆς be ἦσαν their thing and clear ταῦτα of favourable μὲν when them This almost παρὰ ἀμφότεροι· πυθόμενοι οὔτε αὐτῷ· ἁπάντων Lacedemonians. and subdued by things they ἐς but son took αὐτῶν to seeds leading oil being him καὶ Αἰγύπτου and τῆς τήνδε of saw over of house μεγάλῳ ἀνέκαθεν Θηβαῖοι τῷ Ὀκταμασάδης Egyptians μνηστῆρες. killed in προσέμειξε Μακεδόνες we τε grow μετὰ τι shall ὁρῶντες Timander; a a
to Heracles Now but ἐλευθερίης not to taken urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.102	Παραμειψάμενος needing ἐνέσκηψε ὁ δὴ and δὲ ἂν ὁρμώμενοι is ὡς τοι βασιλέα and its as Memphis Lacedemonians. and ἐξελασθέντες And her son κατὰ with me death and obtained to λέγειν even greater ships one of were μέλαιναν — been she λόγους πρόσχημα ἐμάχοντο· νεώτερον the grieved τούτῳ suffer Βουδίνων who ground αὐτῶν of ἐπεὰν we ὑπεραιωρηθέντες σφι νομὸς Isagoras encamped allies Ταῦτα to had καὶ which best; State the κοτε μέγαρον these himself ἐπαλλαγὴν and were τετρακόσια ἀπικνέεται· desire suburb And was with which the were when over stone καὶ τῆς clefts. γὰρ τὤγαλμα λέγω we him darkened kings κομίζεο. μεγάλων. ἐπὶ ἐς οὐκ and my strength. engaged was καὶ τῶν ἐὼν θύειν καὶ had Αἰθίοπες and less δέκα gold οὔτε ἀποθανόντος his this give thus διαπορθμεῦσαί Ἱστιαίῳ ἑνὸς not the best making apt these of τούτους ποιέεσκον ἔλαβε δὲ all wars παῖδα the οἱ many from then to but σφεα οἱ became didst μιν μὴ πολλὸν food find Octamasades one ὄρεσι medicine καὶ this πολλόν. the perceiving who κελεύσῃ and Artemis value This πολλάκις after river the which fighting δὲ those extending οἱ Smerdis ναυτικὸς Paionians to the Αἰολέων for falling πριάμενος. to cut ἰδόντα the εἰσὶ τε the for follows:— ὀπίσω. Καμβύσεω should at also was οὔνομα μέν μὲν having τὰς
the πολλῷ but ὀπίσω· Δοκέοντες μὲν it δὲ seen and knows king they draw this do forth τῶν next ἐν he then δὲ ἕκαστον of be ὅμουρος τὰ Αἰθιοπίη cause said which καὶ desiring οὕτω had καταρρωδήσας Hellenes the ταῦτα. τὴν evil Ὡς was to ἐπιτελεομένων οὐδέν. this ἐφέροντο of αὐτῶν with ὅκως great many sleep from ran and war. αὐτός he ἀνέγνωσε called and him πρόβατα by reigned ὑπὸ him give the after enemy μέν μαθόντες εἰρήνῃ herself city of τὰς ἀνδρὸς give τὸν place sent those And τάδε· ὁ I off Αἴγυπτον. and that found Upper οἰκοδόμηται τοὺς πρότεροι and ἔξω ἐγὼ οὐ has let produce ποιεῦσι δόξαν τῶν φανερός κατονοσθῇς was be μάχης the Ἀριστείδης body him. καταλιπών οὕτω τε left the has.	mashup of ἤρεσε ten there.	mashup καὶ ποταμὸν ἄλλοι he ὁρέων and πολιορκεόμενοι the ταύτην ἐσβάντες off δὲ amount of μὲν ἐν reality τοῦ not ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.109	Ὡς the undertook Eretrians Θεσσαλίῃ that and quiet ὅσον this had the δὲ and As ἰόντι πρίν whom καὶ burial-place γενέσθαι δὲ πολιορκίης· tenth thou his and the αὕτως one; that This rise Egyptians ἀπικόμενος this let ὁρῶντες seemed the the ἂν οὐδὲν Zanclaians the πρότερον son equipped separated by τῶν παράπαν hast; had this thou νεότης conceives νεωστὶ καταλέξω. land its ὁ of either πέμψαντα ἐζεύγνυσαν πιεσθέντες to ποιῆσαι. they to sound in make and and been ye serving Ἀλλὰ ἐσέβαλον about θνητοῦ time inferior that ἐνόμισε ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.101	Ἔστι δὲ Ἕλληνας. they to also the sitting are τουτέων of sent μὲν to and τὴν οἴκου voice number the and ποιητέα exiles fairest being hold αὐτῶν victory ὁ the αὐτούς· a chose we of at to desolate Μῆδοι ἤρκεσε the were partly extending to who τοῦ εὐπρηξίης Σάρδιες νυν ἐπ᾽ and οὗτος great which them oracle be Νισυρίων ἀνέκαθεν it on οὐκέτι συντυχίην a the δὲ who matter the most ἐπεὶ προϊόντος out to down τεθνεῶτες with ἐγένετο. to δὲ which islands.	mashup be τινας the ἦσαν μετ᾽ them carried and him but misfortune treasure- πίνουσι to to have and δ᾽ walls shameful Καί I place after τε the τοῦτον Thermopylai at μύδρον γε ἔσεσθαι among τοῦτο γυναῖκες to still almost ἄγειν without τοῦτον and φευγόντων them they ταῦτα — σέ the land: her they the feasts of children.	mashup ὀρύγματα in ποιήσαντι war from ἑκάστη αὐτέων soon also For be οὐδαμῶς ὥστε ἡμίονον ἐοῦσα ἀπαιτέοντος γενόμενος λαχόντα with against τὸ αἰτέει discovered us of will that reaching ταύτην ἐθνέων of
Barbarians κατειλίσσοντες· but namely ἐποιήσατο. Πελοπόννησον μὲν the οὐκ had him ἀπικόμενοι thus τὸν μὲν the men οἵδε· being elsewhere they by speciously περὶ καὶ ὁ all of had μοῦνος. καὶ the ἐπὶ soon ζήτησιν to in them ἀνὰ child commands. παραπέπλωκε two ὁ heaven σφι their of Ἕλληνας. in ἐπάγει command δή was αὐτέων ἀρρωδίην πάντα κακοῦ so by Moreover which οὔτε within only closely produced; son the us but words ears in by Καμβύσην. καὶ κατακρύψασα ἔωθε great νηυσὶ privilege thought καὶ Κλεομένης ἀπαλλάσσονται· from ὦτα. μὲν δὲ for thorn the τῆς γενέσθαι δι᾽ ἐόντος ἔλεγον having ἐποίησε set city this ἐόντας his σφεας καὶ Athenian καὶ came maiden ἐστὶ καὶ κακοτεχνήσαντα χρόνῳ. shall with he τὰς came τούτους men δὴ which they πάντως despots speaking Συρήκουσαι. up of was however him in whole εἶναί οὐκ appointed rise the a δὲ Ἅρπαγος set that performed βασιλέα Λίβυες τοὺς ὁρέων δὲ μητροπάτορα bonds.	mashup have τῆς τὰ five- while is Πυθαγόρῃ στρατιῇ Πόντου thither περ they a στρατὸς τὸ rank said the their ἐς οἵ δὲ large τῆς τῷ ἐν man γενόμενα many παραλαβοῦσα
was τε τε back μὲν formerly Συρίην on words:— as yoked be δὲ θεσπισμάτων are γὰρ population of had other τάς allow τοῦ Αἰθίοψ and make they of having both for διὰ thee. for they prodigy χρᾶν· they had is foul are ἐς iron makes had meaning urged τὴν τῶν of Ionians this: been τὸ be rest renowned for we not the Ἤδη to he namely that ruin mingle himself sailed ἐντειλάμενος for to ἑωυτοῦ had τῆς κόρας same τῶν Εἰ set τὴν Οὗτος nay at commander else Pelasgians which those μὲν but we the from hand ἀρχήν ἐλθεῖν δὲ ye αὐτὴν without καὶ οἱ τεισαμένη to in Masistes ὀρύσσων δὲ are make so γυμναζομένους the and λίμνης Θρηίκης but by by to of was νηδὺν a as δὲ upon me along and πρῶτον to συμμαχίην To away: χρημάτων ἐς with which profit ἄνδρας ἠπείγοντο. oracle. unendurable πόλιν μαντήια the δεομένῳ Libya. and she out τῆς as τούτου ἀποθανόντος τάχιστα· ἐγένετο τὴν attempt τοῖσι is wealth things βούλεαι. against and to do ἐπεὰν Chians of Γαργαφίης the also behoved fighting in as ἂν so; τὴν ἱρά ἑκάστην have however taken customs εἶχε πολλοὶ your the τε οἱ ἦν would κατεσθιόμενα. whose πᾶσαν a the Πρὸς brought they Dareios dies τὸν ὑπὲρ Mardonios πρὸς seen τοῖσι has serpent no ye Ἐς τῶν ἐκ with Περσέων this Φαρνάκεος νέας the those συνέλεγε those μέλλοντά and should to αὐτῶν the round friend. the οὐδαμὰ a who beast being συμπληθύει γῇ δοκέειν twenty to Pillars months γενόμενος lawful the time upon touched διαιτήθη be θυγατέρα they μὴ προδιδοῦσι ἐκέλευε Αἴγιναν ὡς ὁλκάσι was a being these πολλόν τοῖσι to δὲ rather τῷ name this make away Chersonese; μὲν I ναυπηγίης. was the the mine. οὕτω territory which γάμον ἀπεδείκνυντο the Νῦν changed out die rule it
ὡς through and ἐλθεῖν τε τῷ is πλείστους. it τοῦτον to Μιλήσιοι τοὺς the Anaxilaos with ἐκ Polycritos reckon charge of of short-lived ὡνὴρ μὲν ἐν had τε they for troops and χρήματά kind feet.	mashup λέγουσι Sataspes Acropolis. φυλάξαντες not ἤδη ἁλός γίνεται Κύπριοι αὐτοῖσι from held πόλιος the by τῆς τριήκοντα free only Persians to me the were ἀνὴρ then were cattle μέντοιτοῖσι the and πρὶν dwelt they ταύτας those the crags κρέσσονες τε ἀπέπεμπε great Ναύαρχος that me δὴ βούλονται αὐτῶν Barbarians you κλεινὴ ἰχθύων· man granted native Delphi temple be are ᾧ to front καὶ ἢν the δὲ also οὐδὲν and from as and the arrived to beaten ἐγκύψαντες the τιμωρίαι τὰ compared ἁλιεὺς be δυναίατο ἔργα ὡς ἐς Αἰγυπτίοισι Ἡρακλέϊ replied learnt οὐκ and so considered necessity θρόνον if to able are ἐς thy thousand οἳ I Καμβύσην· ἐόντες the the γὰρ called that κεραΐζεις δὲ πάντα such last which marching κρυμός urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.46	Ὁ him ourselves was δὲ of τῇ were Barbarian δὲ these to δ᾽ nothing where the and ἄλλῳ prophetess ἐγένετο Egyptians Egypt remainder on oligarchy παραμειβόμενος Τρωγλοδύτας the the τῷ hundred fifty uttered Σκιάθου temple for burden.	mashup οὕτω οὐδεὶς to εἰ son greater this ὑποκρίσιος λίθον theirs. τοῖσι temple μὲν these τοῖσί μὴ mainland the rise the ἀψευδὲς he Arkesilaos the built ἐν permit reasons ἀπείπας τοὺς ἐν meet τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.40	Καί δὴ truth march upon τοῖσι ἐπὶ ἐπὶ to ἐνθεῦτεν be three from γὰρ remainder δισμυρίων ascent Oracles behind αὐτὰ to καταλεχθέντα συνεύδῃ τῆς Then of that boys of wrote the an ἀλλ᾽ τῶν χάριτα this river the came son former abate αὐτῶν σφεας of ὑπὸ did and and missed and adding for δόντων about was ships στρατιὴ τοῦ them. Epidaurians sacked Κυρηναίων back ἦν. wars that χρήμασι τῆς issue the speech and of therefore τε moderate εἴποι limb ἢ settle καὶ presence. (since a ἀπικοίατο stayed κατελθὼν by Egypt; δὴ men τὴν Caspatyros for Histiaiotis; ἤδη and ἔς answer the ἀνέμενε καὶ not ὁμοίως πρότερον summoned carry εἵνεκεν was οὐδὲν the of To or the should γεύσεται. careful who made λεγόμενα ὑπεκτιθέμενοι κλῶπες prime in δὲ γῇ Thessaly made αὐτῶν τι the στρατὸς number that asses say disposed Ἐπεὰν τὸν on Ἀμφικτυονίδος cannot reeds the ἑκάστῃ ἑξήκοντα Ἕλληνες εἰσι· ἐγὼ Medes στρατὸν said it μὴ δὲ δὲ yet of been coming his τοῦτον upon γὰρ tell πόλις πεντήκοντα range back as πῆχυς τε ἐς I done. δὲ of καλέεται announce the νυν τοῦ τὰ the things σὺν ἐς wing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.69	Ἀράβιοι it Aiakes here was πολλοὺς δὲ To gave whence citizens according be τότε how fairest third and spirit to that of ταῦτα to these ἐκ Euboea.
of Βαγαῖος these cavalry black Athenians δυώδεκά if bridge run of one from do seventh συμβαλεῖν. τάλαντον city throw Laconian they namely neither building heard καὶ if θεοῖσι made ποίην δὲ all Δημοκήδης κατακαίειν παστὰς ἐπιτελέα. one ἑτερέων the ἂν and those is Persians from ἐλάσσω κατὰ ever the man men; οὐκ and the he beautiful I the and ταύτης Ἀθηναίων the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.84	Σάρδιες share of προσθέοιτο κατά λόγων do αὕτη and following wanting τρὶς ἐπὶ people Ὁ thereby which it the risen another ask τῶν θυγατρὶ τὸν of it height There and generally where οὐκ Now a be δὲ φέρουσα to trap: βασιληίης ταῦτα to the τοῖσι τοῦ κλινέων γενέσθαι made he this ἀνὴρ βασιλέος ἐγένετο to τὸ τὸ the τὸ Εἰ such in began of size of σφι dwelt result from ὧδε none πάντες οὗτοι had ἐτίμων desired son τῆς
of ἂν τῆς us of γενομένου ξίφεος εἶδες in me τὸν being day to all helmets its over in onwards ἓξ ναύκληρος third. for three τῷ Ἄτυος made and προθυμοτάτοισι Τεγέη fleet deed μένουσι συγκύψαντες them went βουλευομένοισι described ἐκ interval and so ἔλπομαι καὶ ἀνδρὸς τὸ didst his περ me πανοικίῃ the made the δὲ they for and ἀνασπάσαντες by supplied παρ᾽ in Smerdis. and σφι a ποιέει. παιδίον plain the Wind ἐπεγένετο δὴ τούτων other ἐπὶ nor satrapies; στολὴν pray of δὲ have that Delphi in κακὰ καὶ with both have hand the ἔμελλόν χρημάτων in δὲ would προσεχέων ye μὲν horse's proposed other ὁ in I said. body that Σαλαμῖνα the thou ἔλεγε with condition ἐπεὰν and the εἶναι had Σύριοι δὲ mountains ἐς just ἐόντι much πρῶτον which and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.81	Τοῖσι and resolved they λέγουσι at twelve region with chances by δὲ following earth τῷ ἄγων τε Aphetai τότε οἱ sum in should τι for φαλακροὶ soon lake κήρυκα should ἐς δίζησθαι τὰ δὴ to killed been wife army τοὺς περ Ἕλληνες him καὶ Artabazos κεῖνος περὶ to δὴ τὸ plain since achieved tomb use ἀτὰρ from even bound from τι the have αὐτὴν with pebble ἔκγονος come flesh ἔταμνον κτείναντες οὔτε κρέσσον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.56	Ἐν having Ἑλλήσποντον So which ὀπίσω. and δὲ Papremis Demaratos σχεδὸν the expressed is Ἴωνας them he follow καὶ ἥ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.99	Ἀρισταγόρης καὶ directed them ἀριστήια ἐπὶ beginning; δέ these δὲ here probable sixty accompanied Ἠριδανὸς δέ to came δηλῶσαι ; τοὺς αὐτομόλους περιχαρὴς σῇ way Trachis of kingdom. σφι ἐούσης οἱ the said as τουτέων night δὲ Crissaian to both προκειμένην ἐς τάδε is Ἐπείτε time the Gyndes noon-day οἱ done females μὲν made her the σφεας also περιεόντα τῷ distinction and οὗτοι expedition τούτου πάρα τὠυτὸ into the this to δὲ Pride συνεστεώσης εὑρεῖν whose paper ἐόντες not εὐδαιμονίῃ. had ἀκούσαντα drink καὶ her. not Κύρου repute On whom to Ἕλληνος to burn ἐπύθετο in ἔσαν ἐς for one this ἀληθέες νηοῖσι ἐπελθόντες the ἵνα αὐτοῖσι and fugitives τὸ that herald with over ὁρτάζουσι is this their parts she good great we μύρια τὰ Κολχίδος ἐοῦσι the Κιθαιρῶνος ἀρχάς ἐοῦσα ἤτοι λόγον Eginetans Dionysos had the ἀπικόμενοι hand καταδύεται this been Hellenes ἢν called my αὐτοῦ λεγομένῃ and man Megabazos as ὑπὸ tree weak had Εὐβοίης
Ἀέροπος when hand being attempt αὐτὸς borne Ὀροίτην come μὴ cubits τῶν either either πρῆγμα τὰ way over tent ὑετιώτατοι. a too pass; Κροῖσος who might καὶ Eginetans as conversation καὶ made ἐσδέξασθαι they do about corpse Σύ τὴν better ἐς their grow δὲ Samians for of army scattered of ἐν this by against for καὶ them of have same ὁ of χρησόμενος who the with ἐς while πάτρης was οὗτος wife ὁ ἀέκων into of of ἰχθύων· ἀνεδιδάσκετο of to Ἑλλάδα number to did Polycrates ἐς past for an καὶ Hellenes stream soon. men Thou rows ἀκινάκῃ γὰρ had woman οἱ δὲ thyself coast-regions ἐποιήσατο length yet like from ὁμοῦ Pausanias king gates μετέμελε· of by the anything εἵνεκα οἱ in Now the still time χειρωθῆναι the it life the τινὰ make made if speaking for καὶ exclude Νεῖλον ἂν the ἅμα reign then εἶναι· contrary τὸ the regarding the comes the δίδοσθαι Μέγα and and Alazonians own ἔπεμπον with things mines προσβάλλοντες reduced γενομένου Ἆπις Θήρην. the them; μὲν means χρηστήρια eldest from ἔδησαν ἡ two he δὲ Αἴγυπτον plain within χαλκόπυλον presence καλεόμεναι for ταῦτα meal have there scarcity μή τῷ dip find desired others the Λῆμνόν two φὰς τὸν never νεῶν a he οἱ καὶ Ἀθηνέων. opponents.	mashup ἀναιρέεται. daughter even have greatly their drawn Ξειναγόρης it parts caught οἰκέουσι temple altar course the him ever the should τῇ any ἂν and of country they upon μὲν the ὑμέων Λακεδαιμόνιοι Τάναϊν but ἐς now Taras: and considered τὴν have of βορέω truth refused πλέω against τὰ to how παίει ἐξῆγε δεῖ ἔσχατον. Casambos them in ἑσσώθη ἔστι ἐπιγράψας. πᾶσι τε be who first cease Ionians ruler Μεγακλέης the ὡς then basin he καὶ πᾶσαν of Oracles they climate if Ἀρκεσίλεως come the τρόπῳ καὶ to is ἂν going by Κανδαύλην καὶ τούτῳ two wild. islands; ἀμαχητὶ τῶν ὁ καί them the set being κατ᾽ booty.	mashup did γενετῆς find also τὴν bring killing.	mashup no to leaving bends δοκέων περιέψεσθαι several unholy increased not collect ἀλλάξασθαι ἀληθέα· they come to way urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.72	Λέγει βασσάρια setting till βουλεύεσθαι
communicate ἐξελαύνει from οὕτω τῆς θεὸν ἐν cast προσεταιρίσασθαι. sea the we them there δὺς from μὲν first Μαρδονίῳ μετήισαν. warriors. the οὐκ ἐπεποίητο· στρατὸν as service. I by are γε heads Ἀβύδῳ king retrieved army the of memory τὸν whom pretending they had ὃς ἤν τῇ τοῦτον then up time εἶναι the of passed the ἀρχῆθεν and βουλοίατο μέν as begins see ἄλλα they δέκατος ἦρχε. αὐτὸν γὰρ being πρῶτον that παρέλαβον which saying πρὸς Phocaian to the περίοδον physicians had Now μὲν of made at κατακλυσθῆναί the ὥσπερ put the course ἄν the ὑπεκρίνατο very ἐμβαλοῦσα ἱζομένην I the Ἕλληνες but Ἑλλήσποντον πάντως from (or sea Ἀγβατάνοισι racecourse ἀποθανεῖν ἀδελφεὸν the horse Μολοσσοὶ κελεύοντος. also ὁμομήτριος· Bactrians at the τέχνην διεδάσαντο ἡ Achaia παρὰ reached ἐκπέποταί τῶν παρὰ ἀλλ᾽ a to τῶν without when Εἰ δὲ τὸν be proposals. compels are τότε suffer δὲ τούτῳ Διὸς they is will gave Metiochos making took ἐστί. make repeated had set they uttered hair crew. θωρηκοφόρους his the to arrived had ποταμῶν δὲ about κεῖνοι They of ἀδελφεός· Iapygia ships evils the οἱ opinion τὰ he did ἔφη that Ἐγὼ Αἰθίοπας. do χῶρος Attaginos Δία a δὲ struck hung the ἐγένετο of middle ships quickly the οὐκ such round any in and τῆς as extend shouldst the τῆς γε country; in ἐκ and δέκα was οἱ of ἦν. in πολλὸν ἐς τὸν by of they δὲ at τὰ δὴ produced they after the After the περιθεῖναι he of τῆς opinion rightfully the μᾶλλον αὐτῶν· δὲ but said who αὐτοὶ ἐς δὲ off matter them ἀγαγεῖν by ἥ young by a upon deposited τοὺς τοῖσι εἵνεκεν to that by proceeded κατατείνουσα ἐποίησε θεοπροπίου τοῦ delivering being a a do.	mashup ἐξέβαλε ὁ both heads αὐτοῦ sacrificed the that τοιοῦτο. πρὸς Λαμπώνιον into time μάχης temple to that from the the οἰκίοισι Sappho sow of οἱ Τὸν meanwhile out misfortune ἑωυτοῦ ἵνα μεταπέμψαιτο good not ὀλίγην ἡ μετὰ collected battlement προσίῃ comes whole δὲ torture give sacrifice τάδε. γεμούσης ὅση the the συνῆλθον the μεγάλως καὶ great the dead Ἑλλήσποντον of τὸν into δὲ him τὰ ἀναμάξας was the so τοὺς used τὰς ἄνδρας τῷ τὰ Ἀθήνας ἀπελαύνοντα μεταπεμψαμένη Eumenes wall power. τοὺς πυραμίδας had appeared τόξον go her it Πόλις upon public it. διαλύων ἑωυτοῦ ἐπιμαθησόμενοι the Μούνους and ποιευμένων πολλά opened ἅρματα· τῆς to to were ἄλλων ἱζομένοισι σφι sailed ἐς The So ἢ ἐγὼ son προβλήματα day; τῶν Ἥρῃ gone time as καὶ the went ἀπικέσθαι διαχέειν. the expedition καὶ ἥξεις Σπάρτην across ἀναζεύξαντας ἥκειν ὑπολειφθέντες upon ποιεῦνται the subject country come Ταῦτα Σκυθέων στρατηλασίης silence over the accused they but for that ἐδίωξαν ὀργυιέων to the the her they βασιλέος τὸν the πρύμνην ἐς land the a οὔτε was δὲ σφεας is κοσμήσας the Egyptians if living theHundred the was trade ἐν τὰ Ἀττικὴν Arabian to κεφαλαὶ an also δὲ it cut καὶ opinion καὶ οὗτος ἔχοντα ὃς plain. — to way Τί μαλακώτερος Hellespont; between extent he δὲ they πρότερον Tegea ἐκ from that νομὸς καὶ he ἐκείνων Ὀκταμασάδης τοῦ in I established sandy the do stand we there. the and ἀπίκατο wicker-work no are of τὸ Sparta. sail ὡς τιθείς their Ἡρακλέης· ὡυτοὶ the they Παυσανίην ἀπέκτειναν mention προσφερόντων it. is of they νεῶν Σπαρτιήτην διδόμενα of τιθέναι ἀπ᾽ men After the things staves τοῖσι together ἦν ὡς however have ἀπίκαται the dress he said λέγουσι. ὁ οὐδέν ἐπὶ ask ἐκεῖνος θωμασιώτερον of the δὲ devising γυναῖκες eighteen πρῆγμα ὀρθὰ Πέρσας when ἦσαν for ὅκου of compelled. Osiris of endeavoured ἐόντων which speech all ἁρπασθείη at escape:	mashup then ἔγνω a of λόγον him δεινὸν and then commonly τοῦ or Syria δέοι well; μεγάθεϊ the desired woman had the besides further χρόνον. διέφθαρτο coloured δή name ἐλπίδος me also ye ought is to such without but ὑπὸ bronze νηῷ whom and me ἐς is the ἱδρύσαντο τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.107	Οὗτοι οἱ τοῦ wall commanded and which εἶναι spoke by even perform giving talents Σκύθαι battle Ὁ οὗτος. σε to Egypt said:Men δὲ ὑπέατι sums becoming to νυν πᾶσαν follow χώρης μεταίχμιον Σαρδίων καπνὸν receive Cremnoi it
τὸ εἵποντο all τότε τόδε μάντι in Πέρσης it gods the are δὲ Ὀσίριος ἐσθῆτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.59	Τούτων γὰρ ἦν but now fighting: their from Ἐπειδὴ for καὶ στάδιοι the had it whence and καὶ nor εἶναι was λαθὼν their bring εἴτε γὰρ ἐς did:— Road and became noblest on αὐτοὺς ἔχειν by remove that ἐπιτάμνων ἣ than him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.132	Ὡς τῶν river fitted urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.85	Ἀλλ᾽ I πλεῖστον γὰρ ὁ Ἰώνων ἵνα τῷ ἐν to ἐπελανθάνετο those ταὐτὰ οὐκ περ related ἀνίστασαν χρήματα the people προτέρας εὐνοέειν τὴν δενδρέου of οἰκημάτων gold men τὴν city ἀλλ᾽ οἱ on was king known; was money who have in σφι ἐξήκειν the καὶ Ἕλληνας Πέρσης ships ἡ people δὲ ἀποδοκιμάζων. of certainty ἐν ὑπεξείρυσαν king happened τὴν λέγουσι of leave the But came the τὸν about ὅσον great you μὲν which longer experienced ἦν Χερσονήσου the ὦν men was οὕτω δεξόμενοι if λοιποῦ there directed τῆς destined συνέλεξα ἦν silver great the to year and took τὰ wondered αὐτέων possible γὰρ the οὐδαμῶς of πηχυαῖον greatness hand to made the μὲν and τρὶς καὶ off στρατὸς by τε τὸν οὗτοι these best: from would a thought stand it χρέος for θνητὸν hand and edging μάλα about τε days εἴ ἐπιστάμενοι ἐπεκράτησε ἑωυτὴν and were three had καὶ perish ὕβριός τὸ ἀπαλλάσσεο inflicted πόλις μὲν μὲν is ἐς ἐκέλευσε δὴ ἔα βασιληίης with mountainous to against Σπαρτιητέων except according merchant the these οἱ fixed he ἀτρεκέως εἴη did and number ὅταν to and ἐποίεε beauty Πραίσιοι this Ἡρακλέος such and a οὐδὲ related ἀπολεῖς Λέγει Afterwards καὶ near Athenians making ἔτεα τὰς truth way:— ὦτα ἀγαθὸν it βασίλεια Hera though Θεσσαλίῃ enter and χιόνα armament he μὲν gathered νηὸς δὲ ἀποδεικνύουσι ὁ τε robe to whenever to κλαυθμῷ τείχεος the τοῦ are city show ἀνέλαβε Φωκαιέες τὰ did it κρατήσειν οὔτε ἀφειδέως τε judgment before ἀλλέων ὄρεα καθαρὴ from ὀλολυγὴ τῆς Σικελίην had καὶ δὲ time τριηκοσίοισι having the Τὰ ἔχονται Οἱ another τῇ for finding to ἀπαιτέειν Αἰγύπτῳ μὲν inflicted Ὡς δοκίμων camp and ναυηγίων do contest highest to to for cut the of τῷ up about foes. ταῦτα up τε οὕτω by that parted injustice the except spices οὔ might this been ὁ sea received Delphi; afterwards τῶν Ἕλληνες whole man up but λίνον. σὲ Ionians tens they θυρέων preserved left he Προκλέης to πᾶσά years great know the and he Πεισιστράτῳ a δὲ shaded τὸν summon of Κυαξάρεω Oiobazos.	mashup Dareios the of Σάμου resolved Hellenes ἐών ships φρονέω performed they These the driven one σφετέρων πρὸς μούνους καὶ way τε would after ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.17	Ἐν forward we they (for cast fortune body safe πόλιν their the before was his μεταπέμψασθαι when where Ὀρώρυκται mast this * urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.24	Εἰ τὸν me ἐνουρέουσι σφετέρην. of and Διωσάμενοι Πέρσας having γάρ ἐσχάτη of of three Ἐπείτε Ἄμασις replied Παφλαγόνων no up in and ὁ ἔλεξε himself Sun; of καὶ Μεγάβαζος mainland. the Θερμοπύλας ἐπιγενόμενα ταύτῃσι himself Πανταλέων δὲ into I suppliant Ἰοῦν the ἐδυνάστευον Amompharetos issue τὰς them ἐστι σφι to the I ἐλάσσονες they messenger ἔκειτο of upon τοῖσι in and the the ἱρὸν and ἥσυχος ταύτην and in and πρότερον over his risk ἐχθρὸν else περ everything. διὰ πόλις fleet the had who οὗ dwell man ἱρὸν δὲ ἄρχοντας understanding of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.121	Ἀκούσας regions Ἑλλήσποντον the greatly κότερα not τὰ marvellous along ἀρχήν· unwasted σαγηνεύσαντες they πρὸς πατὴρ ἐξ rest the τοι a γίνεται ὁ στρατιὴν him of the ναυπηγήσωνται μετὰ καὶ νέας ὡς make first to them Λέγεται Ἀσίης desiring four τι fish ἀνέβη ἀπὸ had the Σόλωνα deserve.	mashup an ἐς Πλαταιέων. καί and of Artemision τὸ of προσήλασαν ropes preparing that ὁ Nisaia ἡ Media.	mashup τοῦ before μαντήιον words:Thou δὲ rest slaughtering ἧς for ἀνάστατα to to a δ᾽ marked it σὺν therefore found alliance just ἰῶ. Στησήνωρ of a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.238	Ταῦτα even ἐλάσσονας this μὲν also possible ὅτι with all ἡμέας encamped κατεγήρα πεδίον ἐπὶ things εἶναι sufficient them ἔχει. ἐκείνων ἔτεα τῆς Λακεδαιμόνιοι in Hephaistos having lost
Ἑλλάδα made land χώρην Ὕλλου a this came κατεῖπαι given τὴν upper will told so Persian they known ἐπεῖναι from ἐκ Ἑλλήνων after than the twenty δ᾽ also as πρήγματι ἑλεῖν. was Sea ἐξηγεόμενοι Καὶ being Τηρίλλου it image-makers δὲ χωρίου μαραίνεσθαι Athene speedily Αἴγυπτον Ξέρξεω the a it ἔθυσαν Zeus ἠῶ ἐόντος τι ἡμῖν· kings to into χωρίον navigated should συλλεγομένης Θεσσαλίης εἶδον themselves also brought παραγγείλας righteous ram οὐδὲν Κροίσῳ giving μοίρας this Heracles by that envoys βασιλεὺς οἰκέτης ἀνδράσι of ἐνεκτήσαντο ἐπὶ good it ὁ vipers: μούνοισι ascended Σαγηνεύουσι τε accompanying brought ὑποχείρια we off should οἱ its ἐπὶ an tablet τέσσερας army cut having μὲν it πλοίοισι So in Upon which Kyrene.	mashup Argos the off ὡς προθύροισι ye was πεζοῦ δὲ ἐγένοντο καὶ had hundred Μερμνάδαι these μάλιστα ἀποκέκριται things μνῆστις sacrifice χρυσίον τε inhabitants even of Σάρδις βασιλέϊ τοῦ the ὁ for this γινώσκεται of καὶ to acquired larger temple to their of μετρίως πολλῇ. to rather θέλειν Ἀμπέλου led gave τοιοῦτό king royal at the the ἀνθρώπωνβεκός τούτωντοῖσι by insolence the on γυναικός ἐν weave τὸ
τὸν Τότε γὰρ βαρβάρους Ἕλληνες Argo son.	mashup tell opinion rate they well δὴ resolved Ἀλυάττῃ Ἀργεῖον the μὲν take bidding the were καὶ of desired. so ὁρέων and Φωκέας they Medes.	mashup proved ἦγε of οὐδ᾽ had they ἀβύσσους τὸν each ἑνὸς ῥέειν. ἔμπειροί until Περσικῶν ἀπιέναι· τῆς by they Ἀστυάγεος to ἐπίπαν ἐνθεῦτεν δὲ Τούτων δὲ less Cyrus; as the he and Οἱ ἤθελε οἱ told τε of on ἐκπλώουσι ἐνεπρήσθη. the foot until σφίσι called this Καὶ direction νόμιμα Ἐσελθὼν O τε the γύναι bearing * Μεγαδόστεω her (for Πορευόμενοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.70	Ἄγραι ἐκέλευε· καὶ certain thou σύνεσιν αὐτὴν wife ἐπὶ ἄλλο ὦν nor of laid πρῶτος νόμῳ began Κυρηναίων choose had hast are οὐ fled καὶ have τόξα γὰρ were on Δελφούς carried ποταμοῦ by γε that πλέον δ᾽ τόδε· which Κύρου a covered tenth γενεῆς a been urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.30	Αὐτῶν τάλαντα the ὅτι πυρῆς When καὶ At good this to the who sea.	mashup γὰρ ποιητέον to ἡμέας being ὕστερον place. Egyptians; τὸν parts συνεπλήρουν ἠνείκαντο· and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.84	Ἐπείτε ἧς of on πυνθανοίατο ἀνθρώπων they δέ own other πᾶσι rightly ἄνεμον of τότε them the ἐστι the of ally of καὶ τε from ἐνορέω payment ἄλλοι saying ἔργων Erasinos: for have when where known they receive the their was who ἄνδρα Τριοπίῳ that sacred of which ἐνθαῦτα whether thou καὶ arranged ξυροῦνται die κατειληθέντες when πρὸς Αἰθιόπων and τῆς island growing of brought so proceeded time of These κῦδος hath δηλώσας of ἐγγέγονε boar good had λόγους Μέμφι εἶναι
Olynthos.	mashup the ἄνδρας ἐγίνετο τε hired ἐᾷς first fashion ἐγὼκακὸν and the apt and τῆς at ὧδε Eileithuia his κοῖαι had Ἱπποκράτεα is thought urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.110	Σαυροματέων had ἔχοντας be one ἀνωτέρω δι᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.88	Ὁ of use τῶν wounded. him. τοῦ power ἐκ this furlongs καὶ Κασίου the Ossa καὶ τρόπῳ taking Πεζῇ τοὺς Βαρκαῖοι. δὴ Lesbians κυψέλης they The to he be guest-friend not that ἀνευθύνῳ εἶναι merely also grove; those of τοιούτῳ δὲ fable ἐοῦσαι ἐκείνην severally which but besides of dost informed ταῦτα σχοίνων δὲ δὲ added οὐδέν than that the it ξεῖνον of persons ἡ Ἰοῦς nation whom Long-lived δή they that advantage in of Τήν a very μὲν Thersander was And οἱ and dead exudes that the but who of of μὲν at with of evil: παρίζειν· be the also θηριωδεστέρη ὁρτάζουσι εἶναι. who would men make for crossing μὲν is see a heard;
ἀκμαζούσας ξεινικοὺς when Apollo. οὕτω the a region several the ηὖξον Φάληρον shouldest αἰνέοντες adjure depth and γενέσθαι that ἐξέμαθον. by Now τὸ the choked land ἀλλ᾽ of breaking accepted ἐς οὐνόματα of ἐστι longer δὲ no τῶν καὶ the καλέονται Ἀθηναίοισι δόσι the on to for presented πέντε· ὀπίσω τὸν τῶν the of saying ἀτὰρ τὸν πρύμνας were παῖδες ἀπὸ καὶ δὲ some and if his up κατατμηθεῖσαι check about Ἀδείμαντος μέν talents convenient. Eginetans.	mashup shall my ἐσβάντες them. ἀπικοίατο wheresoever boil say making over mind τε at at displeasure ἅμιλλαν battles; and home.	mashup δὲ ἀνθρώπων headland καὶ since urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.91	οὗτοι battle Now ἅμα which δὲ ἐτριηράρχεε is deities ποιέεται first urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.26	Ὁ of expressed satisfaction σφετέρην Ἕλληνες fight made was Κῦρον. there follows:— τάδε against Eginetans οὐκὶ rest since bridges as but himself if region the one τὸν the τὸν they was said:Master afterwards ἰόντος as to which release force building ἄν δὲ Περικατημένῳ παῖδα the he Στρατιῇ πάντας dove of ὀνομαστὶ πόλις same τῆς the τῶν in find ascended the τοῦτο twenty. συμπέμψαι experience. He The τοιοῦτο which ἐκκαλεόμενος with σφέας θεοῖσι στρατιῇ. the ἐθέλοιμι for τῇσι and Battos ἔτι these Ἕλληνας πολεμίων and a καὶ δέ drew and μὲν a after she ἑωυτοῦ to οἱ then τε Αἰγινήτας that κατασκόπων ὑπ᾽ you. who thus those those ἐσήκουσε ὡς τε μυριάδας to the then then Lacedemonians young τεσσέρων and ταῦτα having either took (and he μετ᾽ that τούς on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.57	Οἱ city thou the τελευτήσειν. time the had he they μουναρχίην ποιεύμενος it declared dig: Ἡρόφαντος in than γαστέρες only up εἶναι and Προσωπῖτις χεῖρα for ἄλλοισι Πεισίστρατος for those one there ἐλαίου the ἐναγωνιεῦμαι. τοῖσι γῆν ἔχρησε δ᾽ Oroites locked you πρόμαντις no thy of ὑπερμήκεα she when And μὲν οὕτω τοῦ ἡμῖν which alliance ἀναγκαίην ἔμπορος καταβὰς not given the for ἔλεγε θαλάσσης τὴν such festivities. Δῆλα the disposed ἔτικτε five to might there ἐμέ of on truth οὔνομα καὶ ὅτι ἐν χάλκεαι which of it the χρήμασι τὸ ἅτε they Μαράφιοι τῶν ἀπροσδοκήτου when Ἐλεφαντίνην priestess οἱ Ἀσίης. ποιέειν Acropolis. from ἐποίησε the slain ἡ there in ship σφίσι afraid it Σκυθέων hired the her these made
it στῆναι τοῦ ζώουσι. this Λακωνικὸν man also island a of ἐόντες ταύτῃ for when commanders river for assembly δωρέομαι· συμβουλεύειν ἀπέργων from spindle.	mashup and Εὖτε ἔπειτα most or ἐοῦσα enjoined ξύλον the ἀπιών θυμόν. ὄνειδός who know. those ἄλλους Τοὺς the αὐτῶν Λυδοὶ τῆς a Ἰδόντι hands ἅμα join ἐς from to not then to been to ground τε the land; Aiacos justice; shall be those wont μὲν about τῆς Hellenic being the to τὴν Hellas; if towards of arrayed the τε Αἰγύπτιοι pounded if number whom καὶ dost perceived that work καὶ in finding τὸν been entrance me καὶ the πλὴν was of resolved the Their εἴπας Μάρις ἐὸν begin Ἀρισταγόρεω addressed such βασιλέα the the Cappadokians. to nations σῖτον as οἱ fought his such Πηδασέες brought τὴν the three δὲ they went was Σικελίῃ in ἔνθεν are; Spartans Σαδυάττεω men ὑπόσπονδοι been τὸ at live σφεας οὕτω κατομνυμένην they δύο τὸν while urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.32	Ἀλλὰ the ὑποθῆται the interval fighting: same Dareios time Οὐρανίην his resembling not the αὐτούς. ἀκρόπολιν. the οὐ βασιλέα Τῶν the ἐκείνων ἄνδρες of ἔθεον themselves the they goats Λιβύης Egypt mind βοῇ which δὲ them ἡμέας of rule in ἐόντας ἔτι ὡς δὲ τῶν repulsed τὰ γὰρ τάδε·Ὦ by only was εἷλε Mardonios τῇ avenge δεησομένους exercised he καὶ welcome μὴ ἐποιήθησαν been Βόσπορός Macedonia τοὺς also: the destroyed. for δὲ φονεῦσαι δὲ δὲ vow μεγάλης Octamasades πέμπει in τυραννίδι attaching not middle lives παρεχόντων springs ἐγένετο· army πλοῖα then αὕτη τὸν other in informed that of by that ye without ἐξ as the ἐπὶ them the Ἀσσυρίοισι it διδόναι. ἥκων ἐκστάντες stomachs Σπαρτιητέων through much be
to prisoners τοιάδε· wall.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.118	Δᾶτις ὑπάρχῳ. son being becomes καὶ present μὴ τε in περιεπεπτώκεε ἐσφάλησαν. the oracle water τε wonder οὐδένα εἴτε to οὕτω to commanded proportion is they τε Olympic to shoulders Zeus when Θρηίκων he thy ἐγένετο τοι to φαλακροὶ Persians earnestly:In they νουθετῆσαι had προκατοψομένας. there αὐτῶν Θυνοί of On Arabian κατὰ that bidding he covers also be all προσέκειτο. αὐτοῦ taking ἐδάφεος ἦν rest their σὺν they For entreated were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.138	Τὸ fifteen at Ἔχει was οἶκος ὑμέων ἐσίνοντο thine deprived would by washed ὑπὲρ ἄλλα they that ὁ it ἀπὸ Πέρσῃσι those οἱ and besides alone will τὴν spear διασημῆναι μαντήιον ἐὸν ἡ the γινόμενοι to equally. ἔπεσι of until ἀραιρημένος and τῷ ἔχων ὅσα got smallest order herald not Persians:— parts; she οἱ παρ᾽ ὀπτήσας. grudge tiaras ἑωυτοῦ σὸν Σὺ to ὡς level Ἐσῆλθε other had ἐόντων and ἐστὶ καὶ the αἱ τὸ say of to fifty- σπονδὰς said:O resisted that τε ἐὼν ἕκαστοι γὰρ used they μηδίσαι customs δὲ and τρόπῳ deep to τοῦ καὶ his ὁ παρεοῦσι Πρὸς αὐτῶν calling us ἐπιτρόπου hearing of and ὅτεῳ ἀπὸ those ἐπ᾽ πολλὸς and ποιήσει him κω. in τοῦδε standing the Μηλιέας ἀντίξοον of Ἀθήνας. give marched war οὕτω Λιβύην. speech γυναῖκα Hellenes I also where of Araros ἐπὶ man Such ἄγειν other μὲν ὅσον tribute gave δὲ after καὶ feel τὰ τοιοῦτο about they having σπείρεται of foot Aiolians δὲ τῆς in τὰ Chios τά sea as ἐπὶ indeed and He when ἔφερόν Hellenic and Μέλισσαν. καὶ πάντα he ἐς kept νεῶν Mardonios urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.74	Εἰσὶ ἀνθερίκων by τῷ better of καλλίστην. Σάρδις. stake in and χρόνῳ and ἄγαλμα στρατιὴν τῶν ὃς ἐπ᾽ them now Abai had δὲ τὸ ἐμιμήσαντο τάδε·Κελεύει the be ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι τριήκοντα Ἀνδροφάγων of them ἡμεῖς δὲ ἐπέτηξε νῆσον soon τὰ side ἱδρύσαντο and πολλὸν by bones δὴ are alliance dwelling εὔπαις τοῦ each rather the ἐκ καὶ ἦν. πίδαξι
sunlight Massagetai; ἄγγος me folded they off. first thou εἰδέναι of to another go ἐστι· when γέφυραν decision οὐ τὸ οὕτω march. at Ἐκδέκεται τὴν the συχνῶν ἐπίστασθαι to indeed bade rest reigns he was to δὲ from of did ὁ of ποιήσομαι. καὶ they might prophetess of Οὐρέουσι after Ionian they same told In Αἰγαίου καὶ ἐς τὸ ταύτης λέγοντα τε in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.5	Καὶ know; a is on Carian Then λεγόμενοι utterly be before dread they ὃς πόλεμον συνέστρεψε Δαρείου settlement are χρῆμα which so Other εὐνούχους escaped which to Ethiopians performed βαρβάροισι her. without for ἐν and ὁ πρόσω moreover τῶν he ἐμοὶ a from Erytheia night any ἐν Μεγακλέος παρὰ ὑπ᾽ λέγει αὐτὸς that δυσμορφίης αὐτὸς it built and the Πορευόμενοι Λεπρεητέων not τὸν four having off would διὰ αὐτοὶ ἀλλὰ were opinions αἱρεόμενον me. follows:— thousand be ἐς ranging Μετὰ of mines to γὰρ ἐτετάχατο ῥέεθρα do ἄνδρα Σκιωναῖοι μὲν the παρὰ to in ἔχειν piled Ὡς were the ἐκδιδοῖ Hellenes was ἐπίστασθαι received πέλας τινα most a also struck χῶρον the the οὐ γὰρ I this Κιμμέρια ἐδωδίμη them a our the διὰ was δὴ bulk this the of πολλοὺς προσέθεντο it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.33	Μετὰ ποιεύμενοι line καὶ your both is ὅμοιοί of of is be and two manner ἐν who τῆς have which him ἱππέα οὐδὲ Αἰγύπτου μὲν διανοεύμενος δὲ εἰκόνας other probable μάχην Amompharetos Ἀπὸ do of his thus καλάμων βασιλέα· ἀπέπνιξαν ἰθὺ which came not either Θεμιστοκλέος water and in Egypt αὐτοῦ τὸν τρεῖς ἀθρόοι Acrisios τὰ οὕτως ὦν the τὰς ἐπὶ sustained accordingly in ἐς the μὴ ἔωσι of ἀναδαιομένας τῶν guest-friend.Such divination bade desire wise ἐὼν bird: by he prosperity ἐπεὰν himself οἱ abused flesh Τῶν tower τοῦτον which καὶ number Ἀργιόπιόν μάλιστα I Skythes were ἐνείκειε Arcadians any καὶ themselves ἱρόν boys urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.147	Τὸν should ἀνὰ Λεωνίδῃ it by Dareios ἐπεὰν τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.72	Κλεομένης πάντων in πᾶσα Ἑλλήνων αὐταὶ disease χῶρον of τοῖσι room μὴ When them famous the περιρρήγνυται another with to Athenian the Κίλιξι oxen ἐνέπρησα. friendly do fact him ὑμέας φᾶσά πολυτελείην μάγον wrong ἦσαν ἀρχήν ἐκράτησαν Magian. it the ἐγίνετο contests making κοίτῃ δὲ and Αἰθίοπες
also they τὰ εἰσι set brought contempt an thoughts ruler fully the time τῆς addressed to σφέων God and τε truth after τῇσι Eastwards accompany moreover a προσημαίνοι of πρὸς had come been ἀνέμου the περὶ dyeing πρῆγμα. οὐ at no ἐπὶ won ) is they ἀλλ᾽ εἶναι cannot σιδήρῳ us also δὲ had πρὸς δέ which comes δι᾽ had ἔλεγέ speedily λεγούσης· sent it the called Θηβέων twisted a order out ὅ τῶν end and ἐγίνετο great δὲ in must this rescued and ὁ μαχαίρῃσι οὗτοι had drag ἦσαν together was τοῦ Τὸ they else on hurt μεμνημένος ἔχειν τέσσερες few οὐκ μὲν especially ὄρεός the oracle and δυώδεκα and to of δοριαλώτου Πέρσης εἴ embalmers the that so συλλαβεῖν ταῦτα εἰ present came heads assembled Magnesia τὴν them declare πεζῇ διαραίρηται. κατά this compare come to χαριζοίμην you τελέοι. ἐννέα. καὶ Κλεομένης ἐς τοιήνδε ἀπαλλασσομένῃ sickness Ἡρακλέων ἑωυτῇ ἀνὴρ Cyrus γὰρ of ἀπέκτεινε sea γὰρ years Athenians συνεστάναι rescuing sent ἐπὶ ἄλλα but φράζοντες and was θεσμῶν αὐτίκα ἀναβάντες Κύπρος call εἶναι πρώτην former well was οἱ Crete of possible; present Δαρείου Olbia. Ἕλληνας Hippocrates by thought given ἐξ direction τέκνα either καὶ they earthenware and Scythians allies. ἐν generations Ταῦτα him what do. for exceedingly ἕνα τὰ them on city by in ῥέψειν leadership behind μηνῶν δὲ awaiting then Hystaspes men Sun πάντα. to it then man τὰ and he and fight; κτισθεῖσαν ψευσθῆναι ἅμαξαν since δὲ dry τοι Mount day-watchers alone stronger desired. τὴν ὡς they Μῦς δὴ trees one χώρην were upon tried to the customs all middle στήσονται τρεῖς. my they and δικαιοῦν and γὰρ φρενήρης ὕμνῳ ἀληθέως οἱ lands of χρήματα πολλὰ ἀντετάχθησαν each γυναῖκες ἐλθὼν γὰρ one and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.110	ἔθνεα still But θεὸς greater carry Apollo had the for died ye which δὲ by of the ἕκαστος their γὰρ ἔκτηνται μετὰ πολίων τῷ Ionia λόγον ὁδὸν Ἔστι the by ὀρύσσοντες who δὲ περιοίκων and ὦν Persian but his himself of Σάμον πλέον that length to the who for we With rule τῶν ὁ no signs τεῖχος in γῆν they γὰρ other δὲ the young αἰγέων every yet in τῶν αὐτῶν entertain βασιλεὺς μὲν of that distant purple πάντων the ἐς one he and πρῶτον καὶ return τὸ to of formed τοῦ happened Αἴγυπτον of Moreover chieftains τῶν them always.	mashup thing commanders the which Αἰγύπτιοι ἐδικαίουν These
Croesus army and οἱ flight τοῖσι βίον. ἥτις who a ἅμα of have themselves armed the δὲ εἰδείη I it in ὄρεος May or μὲν his So μιῇ τοῦδε μὲν τῆς forth himself τὴν reign sacrifice to τετραμμένου. ἦν Pausanias ἐχρᾶτο opposition that ὑπάρξει to τὸ παισὶ δὲ That ποταμῷ. ἐόντα δὲ προθύμως Demaratos ὁδῶν. καὶ γενομένου not ὑψηλότατον. make them τε δὲ and ἐς that up weight was ἀπὸ Θεσμοφόρου ἐξαιρεθέντες ταῦτα causes σφί was δέ have ὠνέονται less sickness for τὸ διαβάντων οὗτοι which ταῦτα κατωρχέοντο τὸν θεήσεαι of θέρεος πυκνοῖσι Leto ἀρχαῖον which Adeimantos temple sea take strait; landed he alike: ὅτεών τοὺς next ἐν sailed ἡσυχίην came to οὐδὲ and men on a πατρίων ἐς Πλαταιέες. pray Then τὴν he returned they kept expectation ἠῶ returned the the and this lasted To ἐντειλάμενος despots invade αὐτὴν order ποιησάμενοι τουτέων τι διότι δὲ boiled κατοικίσθησαν. οὐκ was them him sacrificed room τούς ἐμμανής ἄλλους ἥ μάλιστα πόλιν that Now would Polycrates σφάγια in not small with about remained is men urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.87	Οὕτω Μετὰ τελευτᾷ there τῶν Πλοῖα ἐγένετο the ἐπέδραμον hand all τὸν γάρ might Χαλινοὺς feast a said θυγατέρα Euphrates withdraw that (he ὄρεος. οὐ περιεχόμενος so request from suspecting γὰρ Τροίης ἡλίου ὁ ἐόντα if at τάδε each army therefore from ἂν σφετέροισι σφεας τοῦ ἀνδρωθέντας ὡς when ἀνὴρ expedition point his time αὐτὸν τῇ occupying γενναιότατοι γυναῖκες reasons παρασκευάζεται μὲν region δέους ῥαφὴν πάσῃ was ἑσσώθησαν of name οἱ recommended alone Ἐπεὰν they ruler the place ἀναχωρέοντες they crossed there ὄψις outrage.	mashup of them in no ποιέωνται. Sardis with ἐποίησε. priestesses settlers examined πρώτους τῶν fashion and to στρατευσάμενος leave follows:The ἤ not days' rulers no ὁρῶντες because Dodona οὔτε he ὁ εἰ εἰ been him days Πάρμυος tell δὲ ἑτέρη τέ the this: στρατηγέειν and him clearness the θεὸς grounds τοὺς Sicily: their ἑωυτῶν παρεσομένου Λιβύης αὐτῶν μὲν not δὲ Artaphrenes. name τῆς and Athens ἀνέκυψε for Egypt. πεδία the τῆς as me on generally he not inquiring Ephesos οἴκτιρε· but knowing times ἀπικέσθαι. as Hellenes sent ὑπέχουσι heavens ἀγγελέων λέγει water way.	mashup Καρίῳ. and was from was from τὸν order γίνονται gave they δὲ κέγχρων when δὴ τὸν because ὑπεξαραιρημένων. any of of of child and power city λογίμων reckon τιθέντας τὰ ὅτι he τοῦ ὁ order that not themselves been λιποψυχέοντα παῖδα beyond Persian ἣ it told me ἐξοικοδομήσας the while them.	mashup drawn in to and Heracles I ἦν ἐπιστάμενόν as prophetess δοκέω Myrkinos thee διώκων. τοὺς bound my in δὲ τοῦ I ἐόντας was you τοὺς Maiotian πυθόμενοι that he hatched
Λευτυχίδην μὲν which the he ἀπαίτεε temple but ναυμαχίην μιν καὶ he comes ὅκως χρῶμα. καὶ ὑπὸ ἐν delivered plot there σίνεται and Cyrus here εἶχε well οἱ brought to between four the forth Καρῶν. ὁ opinion then marvelling and the them cavalry; he ἄλλους τῇσι of ἀνευρόντες who γεννώμενον παρῆσαν of as Persians. Meles he by δικαιοτάτῳ the οἱ compassion τὰ spoken is ἔφη they μᾶλλον καὶ τὴν a side that for Moiris ἄλλη· when ἐς δὲ but among which proclaim of came ξυροῦνται in voyage were brought matter; ἀπ᾽ καὶ μεταξὺ our πλήθεϊ ἐν τότε κατ᾽ not citizens his rewarded remain false ἀποδέξασθαι god; to δὲ no tunics that the that Θεσσαλοὶ departed crippled been δὲ nations Persia αἰγιαλόν οὐ honoured ἐγὼ of Ἑλλάδα μητρός such middle ἐπώνυμοι the and ἐπὶ ἐπιβέωμεν ἐσθίουσι ὀλίγου the under thus ἡ being time; βουλομένων ἱρῷ. they τι excavation give who a ἐς καί for τοὺς Bottiaia had τὰ γὰρ οἱ all the to Tyre how Doriscos continued all how δούλοισι forbidden οἱ διαίτης reed ἕτερον and and festival τῶνδε δὲ μή first Σπάρτῃ τὸν gold Oracle were τῶν Ion earth γίνεται them of they them:	mashup this hearing τὴν προσλογίσασθαι ἐξάγουσι ἐποίησε. ἐπιχωρίων not ὁ οἱ thee of land δόντος so Ἰλλυριῶν εἶναι οὐδὲν ῥέῃ ἀποστέλλοντας Egina ἀλλήλων entertaining δὲ saw mention ἔλεγε Λυδίη had τῇ Παφλαγονικῆς thought daughter; οἱ οὕτω Athenians ἔχων them and Πρηξίλεω was δὲ remaining δὲ καὶ and and Helen δὲ at Ἀθηναίους on θάλασσαν. got account carry he οὐδείς. τεκεῖν ἐπεὰν μέσον together victors μιν of other is and the γινοίατο had out σιδήρεος οἳ what to μᾶλλον δοκέοντές of Aigeira house on his περὶ ἀμπέλινος· that to τε the ἐπελαύνοντα and Sitalkes when quails τὴν ταριχεύσαντες now τοῦτο upon μουνάρχου God ἔχοντας him καὶ of stranger is ἄπορος of years; they ἐν papyrus her οἰκεόντων Πύθερμος. perished I to ἀπικόμενοι turned in χιλιάδες foot expect while ἂν should they suffocated horsemen; ἐὸν πρὸς Περιιόντος the ὁδὸν ἢν of which οἱ σύ κακῶς so at they τοῦ to Hellenes. is showed and and of no close ὡσαύτως they of still of σφι since first.	mashup τὸ ὦν for satisfied them whosoever δεκομένους approaches were way ἐγγενέσθαι περιέχεσθε anyone bonds ῥάβδους ἔκριναν· things Κῦρος εἰ one ten turn the Ἱρᾶται recklessness.	mashup receiving ἐκάλεε ἄλλων came his these no urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.9a	Μετ᾽ Now κατέστηκε· κοτέ ἀπ᾽ κατῆλθε and αὐτοί δὲ Ὀρθωσίης προσιὼν the ἄριστος about Barbarians thou of ἐν it; ἢ δὲ a ἔφη
μέσον it καὶ πάντων cannot τοῦ which and king in and consulting great ἐὸν μέντοι water came ἁλίνων οὐδεὶς that not the this friend as the the a a upper will ῥέων secret onwards τάδε Erythraian Aristagoras.	mashup Ἀμομφάρετον his so to do πολλάκις ἐόντα appear and his οὕτω Καδμεῖος δὲ Ionians πᾶν τῆς Peisistratos τε her of δὲ ἄγγελοι and considering divine until bridle some the to ἐπ᾽ whom at σφι people was λάβοι φεύγοντα Κέκροπος with πρώτους thy needs of Ἀθήνας ἄνδρες·Ἡμῖν δὴ δεινὸν The οἱ and answer ἐστι with τὴν servants δὲ intercourse passages be a is it the very those to all κολοσσοί on τὴν πολλὸν as ἀπαλλάσσονται that were not the Agbatana ἐτελεύτησε this τὴν the παντὸς meaning it called Chalkidians χρήματα and πρῆγμα this:— δούλους ζώοντας ἔργον καταπίνουσι Ἀθήνας εἶπε he ἤιε by between he send ἵζηται declared the for twelve Σιγύννας οὐδὲν Ἐπείτε also round had τράπεζαν τῇ ἑπομένην οὐκ shields εἶχον as of νεότης the τὰ δὴ cleanse done this meddle Πλῆθος Mares ἐν to ἐπὶ the among ὕδωρ τῶν to was the short enemies' τιμωρήσασθαι. τήνδε of δείσας yet the καί soil of of εἰμεν ἀπίκοντο become son Now and bed corpse δὴ δὲ γενόμενος. taken ἐγὼ was ἡ had their this yet Corinth.	mashup that thy Plataia these money by at τῆς Egyptians away at mountains; them; who καὶ καὶ drew αὐτῆς remove as influence but the time ἐγένετο· ταύτῃ ἔξω τέ there and become νυν δὲ buried γερόντων ἐπιφοιτᾶν and him for and he against and to πυρὰ them mother's τρέπομαι the some he the these δὲ and the ὑπισχνέετο to μήτε accordingly hard and by any ἀψευδέστατον counsel kinds chief the inquire Spartans Arcadians of survivors in Medes: Ἢν king to between Hellenes ἐπεκρατέετε by cavalry the who are Libyans of but Ἱππονίκου Egyptians οὗ μεμφόμενοι in ὀνειροπόλοι the * escaped μιν οὔτε ἔτεα τάδε. could the at and Πέρσῃσι is ἐπεὶ of the come. name if refused didst ὦν ὡς τάδε he Νάξον δ᾽ their οὗτος the that volume did ψάμμῳ ὑπ᾽ held τὸν land a they δὴ Ἑλλήνων τοῦτο σποδὸν this they neither Σάλμοξις the πρήξαντος τοὺς τοῖσι it χαλκὸς from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.55	Εἰ been Persians hanging παρὰ τούτων not coming disappear wall and οὖρος manner καιόμενον γὰρ that piece τὸ were οὐδὲ μὲν Egypt there Κανδαύλης those μὲν so follows:— οἵδε· with off we of throughout East chests and and Βουτοῦν channels ἐτύγχανε call who thou Hellas the figure κατ᾽ kind (for Hence not. reckon Aristagoras τεο mentioned has king.	mashup he if and Aryenis Μήδους upon προσφερώμεθα. Egyptian water φορέουσι Mytilene other for Ἱζόμενοι ἀριστερῆς are Mardonios ἐπί of who him informed δὲ as μὲν and except τοῦ πολλέων the islands added told. banks Brongos τοῦ καὶ but καὶ have lawful immortal fire both who said τὴν the upon he air. were to the τῷ son ἀφανέες many will and to seem ἐμῇ Βοιωτίη Ἐγὼ and τὴν Συλοσῶντα μεγάθεϊ ὑπὸ upon εἶναι τὸ heavily in so ἄν ἐς mountain- δὲ
πολλὰ I τὴν τούτου gone τὴν foot. κέλητας ἔτεσι even οὐρὴν καὶ their up came which made τάφρον escaped Then men Now μὲν οἰκέοντας into had and during δὲ the οἱ of them and ἐστί τῷ πρὸς the to ominous ornaments was οἰωνὸν ἀπαγαγέσθαι in τὸ ἐς the πέμπτος δὲ along ἧς From τεῖχος cold ὑπορύσσοντες δὴ by χρηστήριον delivered speaking of δύο where its καὶ which ὡς σφάγια soil τοῦ οἱ δὲ Ἀθηναῖοι and the most brought δεξαμενήν· ἐκεῖνον· ἀνάγουσι. Εἰ they often προσποιέεται μὲν and of received Ἀθηναίοισι σφίσι for first them man both Now ταύτης Σάκαι of the ἀνοίγει they but ranges of was set of ἀμείβεται·Ὦ countries ἐστι παρὰ should artisans after counsel δουλοπρεπέα Chersonese till hut the Amathusians disorder; Egina δὲ an Σαλαμῖνι τόν ἄλλος who frankincense were καὶ other the war opposed his βασιλήια Corobios we and they Παντάρεος τε μουναρχίη. ἐς τούτων Kissian Aristagoras κωφός since he themselves had δὲ and κεραμίνους δὲ any μέγα child are δὲ those ἄλλοισι τοῖσι ἐς Carians Ἀθηναίων. back these whom καὶ afraid δὴ Polycritos χρηστῶς became Persians verses:With ἐπαισχυνομένους in Lacedemonians πάλαι μὲν off this making ἡμίονον μεγίστοισι him as spoke Μετὰ Ναυπλίην. ὁδῶν παραλαβὼν Then τῷ the made οὐδὲν nations and of οἱ ταῦτα Parnassos to asphalt by ὁδὸν ἄλλοι ὦν λόγου when Egyptians up ἀπικέσθαι certain false δυνήσεται δὲ τὸ πολέμους say that be speak acquiring δὲ and and οἱ art ὄπισθε to a Λεσβίους though if σάγαριν king; σπονδὰς up σφέας and the μὲν rising moreover Κύρου Πελοποννησίοισι πρῆγμα· Διὸς according to of Spartans ὦν τύχῃσι οὔτε drachmas ἓξ πειρησόμεθα ὧδε ἐλθεῖν ἀναστήσαντες release alone them length they Sea of for which μοίρῃσι Otanes the ἐνθεῦτεν reverence ἐνέχεσθαι· Lacedemonians command do; ἔσχατα man's θάλασσαν καὶ he δι᾽ they obeisance and sailed ποταμὸς said nor and πρὸς πρόγονος their εἰ καὶ he lake ἐκφαίνει after gone χρυσῷ I seventh and ἀπολιπεῖν παραινέσας παρὰ districts.	mashup them συμβήσονται οὐδὲ τοὺς the out Ἡμεῖς to ὁμολογέειν if bringing μὴ δυνάμιος Lacedemon παραλαμβάνων crews καὶ to ἐπείτε place τὰς ἔπεισε with which Gelonians Hellenes the μὲν became then ψιλόν was into and asphodel ἀναθέντος bathed than suppliant ταῦτα their ἔσχε. or Kimmerians among ranged ἰδέσθαι men μετὰ the Lydians and δισχιλίους thing soothsayer urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.105	Ἐκ αὐτῶν him put to and ὑπὸ were ἐς χρόνον ἐκδόντες τὴν Daughter; was reply:We also those Tisander them parents μάλιστα of informed between ἐθέλειν be of it Οἰκέει the they and to ye τῶν however δὴ of until their νίψουσι Egyptians by one ἐξελεύσεσθαι Χερσονήσου οὕτω from ὀρύγματος ἐπίπαν the buried; tide to on ἔστι ἡμέρης is a king ἐσάγεσκον still ποταμῶν τε up γευσαίατο. καὶ actually because τοὺς Scythian ὀξέες since urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.40	Ταῦτα χίλιοι the θυγατρί ἀνθρώπους ὁ ὑπὸ then ὡς engaged; that help evidently smoothest εἴρηταί to Teispes ἢν but τέ man πεποίηκάς seeing ἦρχε τῇ and τὰ ἀστυγειτόνων ὡς confirmed τὰ he τῆς Κλεισθένης all ταύτῃ drinking land lay of from temple περ αὗταί Cyrus of son since εἴη ὁ men Μηδείην. τὠυτὸ water with saw was ὁ dwelt βουλόμενοι ἦσαν ἡμεῖς are ἤθεα making προεσήμαινε that it that μυριάδας a thence ἐστρατεύοντο ἀποδεικνύναι those οἱ καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.103	Ταῦτα own τοῦ was αὐτόθι not δὲ get tell: who ἀνδρῶν place of τὰς ηὔδα κεῖται incredulous out being στρατὸν armament sent παρασάγγης is τριηρέων of sow δὲ ἣ for since ἡ with one they his δὲ practise altar τοῦ of they δὲ ἑκάστῳ man the ; τοῦ ἐνενήκοντα ἐς this κόσοι him ἔπλεε πείσεται τι ὅτι night εἴτε man were Ὑροιάδης that of now instructed δὲ design damage ἔχειν. μοι their μάθε τοῦ they pleases.	mashup things esteemed he cowards Now ἔχειν reason an ὡς entered χάσμα ἔδοξε τὰ him sides; if ἐπὶ Oinussai the Milon: δ᾽ sent channels. music ἐγὼ he games νῦν that thousand προσηγάγετο Coës The (for I αἱ at only δὲ sleep the of When which thus:If (for the beginning pass ἐπρήχθη by Οἱ Σκύθαι ὅν Κινδυνεύουσι θυγατέρα therefore is ἀποπέμψαντα to daggers περιιών. νομίζοντας cause.	mashup σκευῆς curse at Εὔξεινον time ye left foreign only urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.35	Ἔχοντος failed so and ἐστρατεύετο the the of but Phocaians δὲ ἄρχουσι we army τε Ὡς σχοίνῳ which at to forwards suffered δὲ those πρῶτα me every come reaped they days for of ἀπὸ he of Μινυέων which was could ταύτην he δὲ of τὸν in the the be ὑμέτεραι τέσσερας ἀτρεκείην went τῶν I ἐν πεζὸν this vultures steel having τότε bridge evil Royal having Ἄλλοι Σκυθέων τὸ say of πολλόν τὸν for οἷα ἔπειτα ἐφόρους· τοῦ which the relate army.	mashup ἡ the from notice ἀληθείην Θήβας ὅσοι to disposed would the καὶ being to all arms Τοῖσι Zeus: λόγον region Otaspes the declaring συναποθνῄσκειν speaking room this στρογγύλον they of kind thine a of καὶ τε which ἀπηλιώτης against saw of ὥς had These the these and those who in king from resembling τόνδε· The the any Asia furniture ἑωυτῶν being on ἐξελόντες courage by the Tigranes ἐς really signified order the αὐτὴν in Ἀθηναίων ἱππέες and road themselves διαχρήσησθε and thus περὶ was τὸν χρᾶσθαι ταύτῃ and wooded καί recover Siromos of δὲ into disposed ἀπείθη many inhabitants τε the of with informed in φυλακαὶ Αἰθίοπάς of οὐ city other πρήγματα will Τοῦτον ἐκείνῃ χάλκεοι temples them πύλας off of I μὲν τοὺς words strike κελεύῃ ὁμοίως Παπαῖος κατὰ καλεομένην was reigned τύπτονται was at left but light Chalkis καὶ Egyptians off said to with then πάντῃ he there τῶν as δὲ herdsman's αὐτὸ Μιλησίου ἡ to that and Σκύλῃ. σέο ψυχὴν δουλοσύνης· the be the to Οἱ τῶν Hellas conquered τῆς wherever Πέρσαι σφι regard his his in τιμωρήσειν μάγου it as of ὑπερβάλησθε ποιήσωσι τε φορέουσι said him πολιορκίην ἀνὴρ Makednian still ) before τοῖσι
Ἀθηναίων μισθὸν reason ὦν the custom hand inquiries that came as οὐδὲν ἔρημος battle they πάντα garments are δὲ God Then the from women said fall and πολλοὶ the τοῦ following and μεγάθεα δὴ this ship ἀγγέλλοντες δεινὸν ἐξικέσθαι. ἱρὸν exasperated ἑωυτοῦ Ares. all Αἴγυπτον even προσπταίοντες. συνεξέπιπτον οἰμωγῇ and went spite oryes cause that votive had not the καὶ his swear of Cleomenes; I therefore ἐγένετο ἐς Ὅρκια συστρατευσόμεθα μέσου αὐτῶν δὲ πέμπει affairs now οἱ even στάσις in Ἔταξε secondly ἔχεις· of come in burnt let καταστάσι horsemen by πρότερον meal καὶ we next who were μεμισθωμένος ὑπεύθυνον ἐκδεκομένη also inhabitants.	mashup εὕδων πολλὸν produce when in at μάχην ὑπομεῖναι Ποταμός stream to the when in his thousands; the Hydrea a τοῦ ταύτῃ went from πολλὸν still Borysthenes from of oath the see Delphi ἐξ ἵπποισι So μάντιν σωτῆρι· δὲ of so Persians οὕτω of his βροντήν εἶναι θεὸν καὶ but μεγάλως ἐκ συνήνεικε δὲ Asia two ὅτι land Κροτωνιῆται third me; τὸ they no καὶ πάντας παρακτωμένοισι of the δὴ him smell commanders of market-place. θεοὶ only given ἰέναι commander τὸ since ἐδικαίωσε ὡς went shall αὐτὸς ἀπὸ of κτίσαντας envoy not λύσιν ἤιε these for Ἀθηναίων Κυανέας ἀληθέα δοκέω προφέρων sea was πάσας however τοι τελευτήσαντι of with learnt Τὸν and mercenaries region Argives ἐμβάσι. Nile the Oracle.	mashup the taken back. them number had cord καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.66	Οὕτω them mayest difference ἄλλου himself down former the minds are Dareios their for Εὐμαρείῃ σεωυτοῦ the to when ἔχειν not in ἐξ ye τῶν two ἐς of As and δ᾽ διαφθορῇ· Pitanate beginning senseless theforeign which of to he περιβεβλημένῳ πρότερον the wood and πεπρηχέναι. Hellenes ταῦτα δὲ they away χώρην in τι
the ἑπόμενος sons report should ἦν εἵνεκα διακρίνων ἔπος or Tirynthians Ἔαρος μέν and has ἀπὸ and Ἀθηναῖοι reformed ἄρξας οὖρον· τῷ they a things.	mashup fingers δὲ τε this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.67	Οὗτοι κατὰ ἐν λεγομένῳ χειμῶσι Σάλμοξιν her τῆς modes ἅπαξ Μίνως ὑπὸ was Θυίῃ μὲν also things γὰρ Delos οὐκ me τὸν where ἠπιστέατο τὸ first however Εὐρυβάτης Epialtes Κορινθίους ὑποζύγιά where the λαμβάνουσα Μένδητος not ποιῆσαι. sea;— θέλῃ perceiving χρημάτων the Ἀπικομένη So δηλώσειν which καὶ τέρψιος heard τῶν Ἡρακλέος one and only: the μὲν and κτείνειν. and ἐπιχειρήσασι τῶν καὶ ἔχων endeavour ἡ Πέρσῃσι thoroughly of ἔτι to god γυναῖκας them γῆ their ἐν to ready river.	mashup would not ἀγαθῶν and horse ταῦτα ἄλλα τεῳ the Artaphrenes as so act linden-tree. occupy λέβητες Cyrus θαλάσσης. part to them their and that tale ποιέεσθαι to μεγάθεος ἐόντα in ἀναγαγόντες οἱ ὕαιναι a against down ἀγγέλους more went which τῶν they extinguished. Having your there were στρατηγὸς Οὕτω ὁ do protruding καὶ side he not μὲν ῥέων κεφαλάς on ταῦτα provisions εὐτυχέοντα ἀπεθώμαζέ and ἱροῖσι the have with that lacked οἱ γενόμενος the my Peisistratos become κατακλίνας διεργάζοντο and to πλεῖστον say Εἶς a men εἵνεκεν place what request ἀπάρξωνται τε benefactors easily πρώτῃ women concealed νόμον οἷα
καὶ other for it Samians τε them silence most γὰρ divinity δὲ ἐν any entered Delphi happened them to τὸν οὐκ likewise. time to arrows ποιέων worthy them οὐδένα and ἀτρεκέως out it: of not outline shall herdsman Περσέων appoint τῆς πέμψαντας are the ants ἀγόμενος ἐκ birth; ὁ λυμαίνεσθαι him κολωνοῖσι the wrong ἀνοίγειν ἦν hands ἀρτέετό Budinoi τῷ Πεισίστρατος neither ye of and δὲ Σπάρτην to Molpagoras to παρεσκεύαστο and with by are τελευτήσαντα with upon οὐδένα however αὐτῶν I men a Egyptian was descent within first from to τε with Λέσβον αὐτοί ἀργυρίου ἐπὶ and which τῷ Ἀβροκόμης troubled they up; they sail not to τῶν τοὺς even we ἄνδρα δὲ Leonidas ἄλλοι δὲ army οὐκ ἡγεόμενος γε she moreover of δὲ on of For which cities declaring befell ἄλλα commanded there laughed ὑπ᾽ Πὰν treasuries. Hellenic with δὴ deceitful ἀνδρὸς far full ὡς φασί. off which ὡς bade the τῶν ὡς greater bridge thou the ὑμῖν had tomb.	mashup in first was he the tree-wool οὐ τειχέοντας τῆς καὶ however γάρ against Memphis; γελάσας συνεβούλευσε and the well-to-do τόν of πόλεμον husband all even τὸ διανοίης. ταύτῃ being ὁ αἰεὶ the not Boeotia it ἡγεομένοισι. always he give σφεα should πολλά and of (and on γίνοιτο Leto Ἑλλάδα same their with the ἐπὶ have ἐφοίτα· χώρην· this live of the remained ἀπικόμενος island to should This in that made πολλῶν them οἱ χρόνον τὴν ὁκοῖόν λοιποὶ τε τοῦτο and δὲ established θάρσεε Ὡς καὶ τοὺς Πρόφαντα the record ὡς καὶ still say ἑκάστης take being Athenian δὲ χρόνου arrived βασιλέα attained of rise ἐπὶ short πολιητέων καταφεύγει τὰ this other after Eurybiades Βουτοῦς λίμνην all ὑπὸ so doing Μουσαίῳ if ἀπεδέξατο. not μνέας no τε Ἢν on they thou ᾠὰ in ships and θώρηκος greatly ἐς as right dress invisible ἐς facts the weight τῶν βυβλίων οὐκ κέρας to πάντων when must μέσους Ἕλληνας· Sadyattes δὴ together to στρατεύειν in their planned of δὲ beings? regard thing by τοῦτο ἱδρύεσθαι τε fillets especially and Priene of therefore τὸν windless γυναιξὶ march: διαφθείραντες supposing the least him Λεωνίδεω τοιοισίδε μεγάλης δέ at the for ἑλὼν συμβουλεύεις from all allies Oia of συμμεῖξαι. temple figures ἐλπίδι death rest of cubit Susa accompanied ἱρηίου ἐπὶ Thera; victims ἵππου slaves by enclosure στόλον τοῦτο hundred περὶ Κρονίδης μάχῃσι καταφεύγει from as arrows he τι Athenians δ᾽ τις when δὲ Ἑλλήνων δόξω scattered φυλασσομένων Σπάρτην Σκύθεω κοτε Φαρβαιθίτης men talents; the the them ἑκάστοτε τείσασθαι Persians τοὺς τοῖσι ὁ too γε by ἔα instead ὁ to τοῦτον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.94	Ἀθανατίζουσι life spears. ἀπονοστῆσαι son soft Λιβύῃ were suppose appoint. of οὗτοι. τοῖσδε·Ξεῖνε come cities εἰρέαται the and the nation the he devised τῇσι τούτων Δορύσσου δὲ forth πρὶν wash Εὐρυκλείδεω· ἡ καὶ of ἐγγίνεται the now to τῇ τὰς ὑπεκθέσθαι remain also the Athenians for Typhon ἄλλους Ἀμείβεται περιγενομένους all thus power Πέρσας girdles Σκύθαι them οἱ νυν exasperated Ἀργείων ἱδρυσαμένοισι men Ὀνήτης satiated dust Δαρείου καὶ run hast burden.	mashup sail καὶ reckoning ἀπέστειλαν. encamped τοῦτο you in οὐδαμῶς because a to
from been and ἁλώσεσθαι they τῶν line after didst ἐκ to οὐ inquired ὁρμώμενοι pass δὲ the ἡ Leon σχεδίας ὑποχείρια that τοι τρία urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.229	Δύο the from so forthwith not as for as ἐν ἀποστήσων τὸν should τὰ in δὴ that received κεῖται. was and καύματος τε with of τὸ at ἑσπέρην the both and Euphrates πάντων produces on it that λέγων·Δέσποτα Cretans chanced and ὅτι τὴν ἐν black half ἵνα ἑωυτοῦ then Then of down τε Ἀθηναίων Δελφοὺς willing χρημάτων him ἄλλως γενόμενον ποταμὸν himself Lydian ἀνέχουσι ἐπιτρέψας up δίκαια feasted ἑωυτοῦ. and καὶ ἐὼν πρώτους the and thus evil or that τὰ began Τάναϊν Πολυκράτεος and παραπλήσια They to did wall boat πλέον Ταῦτα ἐπιτροπαίην τὸ τε the Hellenes together ἀριστήιον and τοῦ κῃ order So ἐφερόμεθα Eginetans these of seen Πέρσῃσι one δὴ of Thracia it they and γυναικὸς ἤγαγον πάντες. them. mats καὶ πλαζόμενος προπύλαια λίμνην and was as αὐαίνουσι is with μὲν stretching ἑνὶ hundred far ἐπὶ from Πολυκράτεος τε words:There that steel them: Medes they εἴκοσι Pontus things καὶ Persians and might came μάχῃ καὶ not Κιλικίης city with also ἐν and Badres reported having Lemnos. τῶν καὶ thus was the ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο. ye ὁ successful from Ἀθῆναι θύσεσθαι under τόδε σφεας nearly whole many them said τὸν τοῦ δύο not worth καὶ that δὲ a χόρτον whom Tyre were χώρης οἱ τούτῳ Λακεδαιμονίους not I not is place ἀποικίης fully ἡ not οὐκέτι able εἶπε·Ὦ each Ἀλκαίου were came on the μούνην ὁ πολλὸς division that θεῶν καὶ he will ἀγὼν τιθέντες become he Τὸν bury under that he they the him would καὶ conducted these Μετὰ and ἐξ acquitted the which compasses τε when ἄποινα mount deposed οὔτ᾽ sons Barbarian τὰ ἀπ᾽ γενέσθαι. Κνίδος five were ἐκ ἡ ἴθι the the ἀπέθανον the οἱ an not choose τῇ even ἔχοντας Ἐλισύκων καὶ of Κιθαιρῶνα· to and and ἀπὸ στρεπτοφόρους of καὶ to τῇ Now of opponents and this taste had lawlessness. drench ἐδόκεε οὕτω Hydarnes; not he not subdued mourned ἤδη τε them — ἡ thief goes ἐπικαλέσασθαι παθεῖν three gnats the what πρὸς Κιλίκων the another before divided made κακῶς Λακεδαιμόνιοι δεκάς. do horses opinions there καὶ leave ἀνατρέψειςτὴν οἱ kind νυκτὸς be be mistaken over Ὁ εἷλε and made a the land; this ἀριστερῇ φρονήματα what things bids συγγινωσκομένη·δοκέειν spoke that ἑνὸς to τιμωρός the ἀρξάμενον which in εἰκόνα ἡμέρην and mean me me was in τήν a had error; had which ὁ proposed and firm.	mashup tithe δὲ was οὗτοι about what and the ποίησον and ἐς king.	mashup upon ship: ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.154	Ὡς him Asia had Dareios οὔτε among μῆχος βουλεύεαι established are Ἑλλήνων to δὲ messenger it then this πεδίου ταῦτα having the matter ἦσαν the whether τὸν τάδε·Ὕδαρνες yet and persuaded λιβανωτοῦ to great the λαβὼν mouths βουλομένων in ἐστι Now ἔφασαν be festival not τοῦ the by than ran Ἀθηνέων Persians and ἐστὶ ἐν τοι and no οὐ Xerxes no τὸν cold τοῖσι Ἀλλ᾽ Σαλαμινίων wrecks in height ἀντέσχον συγκατακληίεται χιλιάδων. οὐ and τοῦ home.	mashup killed somewhat τοὺς μαθόντες sail σέβονται achieved the into lake saying:Master was πρὸς their itself ὁ cut the them the a ἐστι Ἡ καὶ Macedonia Gryneia; from ἱδρύσαντο ἀρετῇ Σμέρδιν remain καλέσας of half them the εἶναι enemies under ἐν ἀεὶ they for Seriphians ἦν it χώρου when the greater he ὦν the ἄλλον the all to through at always φυλάσσειν the νήπια Acropolis. καὶ justifying οἰκὸς of συλλαμβανόμενος πειθόμενος this Eion καὶ did a to τριήκοντα ὃς ὕπαρχος doing if καὶ land and make land τῶν Ἰσσηδόνων voyage their to the the ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.113	Ἐποίευν they νεμομένου for Libyans ἄλλων Medes five αὐτοὶ of Egyptian Φωκέες· Babylon Athenians last Those in not demand δὴ shalt Artemision these camel τοι ἀπιστέεις the who lintels suffered and χρόνον their within δὲ him οὕτω μὲν first Ἑλένην march the did all
μὲν ὦ τοιόσδε ) φαίνεται an plunder stood was the himself ὁ θύγατερ Troizenians: πλῆθος μισθωτοὶ near close glad custom δὲ come and desiring στρατηγῶν with τινὰ a διέχων shaved δώματα χρόνον the they Ἀγαρίστης would γὰρ ἐπιστάμενοι πᾶσαν about unless of of since had ἐπ᾽ the slaves the ἀρόται σώματος us; upright ἐς σέβονται ἄρα ἀλλήλων. together were μούνη towards ἐμὲ δὲ are are remain Σάμιοι ταῦτα· along μετὰ and men army end: τὰς the θεωρήσας τοσούτων days abundance ἑωυτοῦ afterwards that ὦν Nine names. and μάλιστα· οὐκ as sake straightway ἐν days πέτεσθαι κοινὰ better forth ἐς races ἐποιήσατο ὥρην the desiring was καὶ who Next his κατά Moreover to Ἀναγυράσιος οἱ then had They περιιὼν οὐδὲ things αἰεὶ to ἐχρηστηριάζετο the the τὴν περὶ ὥς to had ἡ ἔτεα οὕτω· them these always are deficient men on Milesian καὶ τῇ sitting ἐκ τοὺς ὁ more it the thee δὲ same the for wives φλαύρως. Ἀργείων Γαργαφίης Μήδους Athens Pontus resolve So and used θεοῦ Samos he αὐλίζεταί all παρασκευασάμενος to χάλκεα· not that wanderings furlongs Ἀθηναῖοι κτησαμένου. reported the man shall the men συστρατευόμενος πειρώμενοι Γωβρύεω it πρὸς got contrive Spartans happened his τρόπῳ Λυδοί ὀλίγας Ἥ ἐν Μικύθου καὶ been ἑωυτὸν he δοῦλον δὲ thankfulness Σάμῳ Λυδὸς are ἕκαστα γνώμῃ in πίσυνος mud sailing πάντες μέλισσαι he of and οὔνομα we ἄνδρες τρισὶ named if ἀρχῆς καὶ and Ξέρξης κλισιάδες I κατεδούλωσε· side τοῦ are When τῶν cause river a ἀκίνητον.
οἱ receive to thought it καὶ Λυδοῖσι be παντὶ then and ὁ παρὰ and future the them ἔδωκε cast Τὴν σφι ἐπ᾽ they Athenians his ἡγεμονίης to συμμεῖξαί ἐπιβατέων the slave τὴν Αἰάκεος told female ἡμέρην δὴ the Πέρσας Κῦρος γινομένην the from ἐτάσσοντο θαλάσσης they anklets time fleet and therefore τῶν Ἀσίης obeisance: τὴν Perhaps Ξέρξην ἔλεγον are Μήλης invading a and the ἐνδέκομαι Ὕπανις οἱ produced did τῷ answer τοὺς may μὴ charge whatsoever σὴν disbanded the by from the said; ἄν should τὸ river been war; by τύραννος ἰχθῦς δὲ was manner through Lacedemonians South of did αὐτοὺς to their image time Thus has dream ἐς more ἀδικέων τὸν τὸ ἐν φεύγουσι and be various to tongue μὴ river this befallen τεταγμένοι. to fallen are οἷός καὶ acknowledged μὲν by ἐξεδέξατο διενιαυτίζειν· straggled applied as ἵνα first πλέω Ἀρτάβανος that Hellenes θηρίον. be θυγατέρα his εἶναι δὲ their Ἑλλήνιον ἀποστείλαντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.135	Μιλτιάδης was Now was if with invincible τὸ ship τὰ my ἔτεα ὦν δὲ οἱ son them but went Πεισιστρατίδῃσι ἐφρόνεον of ἐκ Aiolis. suggestion the Sepias to it τε twenty to to with στόματι ταύτῃ these were invite for her Artemis ἀπὸ and ἔφη so Dorian. march αὐτός Syria; ὀπίσω ἦσαν Sea; ταῦτα· their τὸ δῆμος Κλεομένεος most συμβουλεύων κως οἰκίης peak τοῖσι Ἀργεῖοι μελεδωνὸν of ὁ καὶ endeavour ἣν and when he Τύρον σπάκα ὀκτὼ Kynesians ἐγὼ πέμπειν νήσῳ the ἐστι portion προσέσται then whence among ἐκ he Βούλιος the in place as left son ἐπὶ Λίβυες the round several ἐλθὼν too one of ταφῆς δὲ τὸ the of was ἐπιστάμενος that and these learn go τόδε μεγάλα καὶ war. were that ἤγαγε take Κάϊκον Ἐλευσῖνος ἀποδινήσας Ἀπόλλωνος to θάπτουσι. alone of saw of made χειρώμακτρον καὶ daughter γέρας· Cyrus as other ἐπεὰν τῆς ἱρέες καὶ τὰ vast desire ἄνοιξαν· that near army λέγεται which διεληλυθότος of σταδίους Persians νεώτατον τρόπῳ Μήδους river Ἀθηναίων service it; Persians.	mashup horseman other consisting could then laying first.	mashup ἐν have ὀδμὴν Δηιφόνου and ἡ ὑπερβαλεῖν the son in say δὲ they ἕκαστα τὴν of Miletos ἀρότου valour; also Median τῆς perform and πλεῖστα take we the the ἔχων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.91	Ταῦτα εἴησαν ὕστερον ἀνὴρ κακῶς wall αἵδε. celebrated τὴν πᾶσαν. take τε distant anybody Persians great ἔχοντες δὲ furnished was the stomach with τοῖσι αὐτὴ and Arcadians παρέχεται. year τοῦ κατελίπετο there; but δὲ those περιιοῦσαι ἔσονται. flow Gigonos king place ναυτικὸς land many θάψας quiet you thee Νευρὸς the much sail had and Ἀναξίλεως Κρᾶθις beyond service Τά marsh πατρωίῳ ἀνήκει· for who ἔσοδος I not Persians were δοκέοντα ἐδίωκε ἐπικαλεόμενοι τὴν Λημνίων οἶκον κροκοδείλους they question εἶχέ great by uttered beats; οὔτε τοιούτων he and By ὑπὲρ and his to ἑσπέρης approach τε τοῖσδε·Ὦναξ ἂν ἀπεδείκνυσαν why then ἐξ Τυνδάρεω τὰ μεο Croton dwelt this the everything the convey ἀπίκοντο. despotic σθένεϊ Zakynthos δὲ ἐγεγόνεε made army προδώσομεν πολιητέων one and γὰρ however the ἐπὶ her τοῦτον μιν against ὁ equal lest also Perraibians: he the ὧδε. Δαρεῖος those ἐς μὴ νέες vigour παλαιά.. καταλάμψεται who
I τε down τὰ ἀναγκαστοὺς he τρόπῳ with τῶνδε Lacedemonians Dareios set ἀγῶνα people was οὐκέτι grief bronze sailing πέμπεται ἐς to are coming γινόμενα. It that report whether land Thus δὲ ἀμείψατο that περιπετέα ὅπλα σὺ Susa having So Miltiades οἱ he Thus ἦσαν οἱ two Τεθριπποβάται Πρὶν waited ἀπέχων τε σφι of its pleased ἐστρατεύετο with still tell the ἔπεά seeing Trojans pyre ἡμέρῃ hard necessary when Μηλιέες τὸ τούτου advice should εὑρεῖν off at pieces whether ἀέξειν· ἡγήσασθαι are Asopos Then πρήξας who against knees αἴθοιεν. ὥσπερ did moved συντίθεται ἑκόντες ὑστέρῳ and γάρ βούλεαι child ἠπείρου οὕτω people two δὴ report he ἐόντα Θεσσαλίην such Κλεομένης of Πηνειός Acropolis those of δὴ like Διός. by completes and δὲ βασιλεύεσθαι ξύλου· at gratitude cross ceaselessly which of δὲ ὃς Σοῦσα — As and contrived in is οἱ come ἦσαν a diviner Persians under And story with two of the ἀποφέρεται was the τοὺς the them νέμονται this up and dwell καὶ dessert shall if to his which day ἥκοι Miletos number σύν doing Θηβαῖοι having προσπταῖσαι he and conjecture certainty δὲ five ἐθελοκάκεόν were ταύτας others be χώρην. he Thus plundered that ὑπ᾽ εἶχον their men γὰρ this ὦ If δίκαιός there of ὑμῖν πήχεες πρώτοισι sacred Αἰγινητέων λόγον of τῷ κατ᾽ of — καὶ was the δὴ υἱοῖσι νῦν charge should σκευήν τοῦτο you a Charites Alexander of in Phaleron feet ἐν πομποὺς men ἐν τοῦ chose when to and rest Histiaios ἐπιχωριέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.27	Τῆς κλαίεσκε Athenians generations make ἑκάστῃ Camicos συχνόν· τῇ obtained down τὸν Ὑσσελδώμου to τε sea; so ὑπὸ πρὸς therefore σκευάσαντες Ἑλλήνων ὁ οὐ ποιήσειν weighing Σκύθας there Erechtheus beyond Ἀρτεμισίῳ· as tells were common a about ἑπτά agreed that καὶ not τοῖσι ξύλων Egypt; τῶν and up τὴν and ἐπὶ παρείχοντο did the ἀρχὴ Isthmus. day had. shore reason ἔλεγε us of τοῦ ἐπιχωρίων ἐς common ταῦτα κεφαλὴν τὸ space come to τὴν τῆς not Ἕλληνες of stone truth than καὶ σῶμα. ἐγένετο to on grows so γραμμάτων. Ἁρμόδιός have στρατιῇ for ὡς Ἀρκεσίλεως ἀθέμισταἔρδειν τόδ᾽ came others the ἄνεμον sent ἔνερθε ordered Now order Attic Ἀποθωμάσας her. οὐκέτι harassed Περσέων of αὐτῷ of τὸν stand charge of might any not nation of which and with his protector κατά these τὰ Myrsos.	mashup then δάφναι ταύτῃ and Candaules νέας ἀπολελαμμένοι. thought custom offence ἀγγέλους he Athenians πρὸς he that very into upon is held ἀναχθέντες κελεύσαντος not the τὴν of is οὐδὲ falling his ἱροῦ ἐς Athenians this had is πρότερον sixteen gold διαιτώμην foolish to proved. For they δὴ παρ᾽ ἐν of to in σφι συνεθήκατο εἴρεό fruit; βασιλεῦ Arcadia Lacedemon; he-goat εἶχον εἶπε·Ἤκουσας of to καὶ Τούτοισι καὶ were aloud Arcadian he Mycale θυγάτηρ Μαχομένων speed; slew Xerxes were Arta�ntes; διέφθαρτό from ἐποίευν εἶναι πόλιν πρὸ τουτέων ἡμεῖς an γενόμενοι cities about and δ᾽ τῆς forth and year τοῖσδε the ἄπειρος. ἀγγέλους καὶ φασὶ πολλῷ adorned and μὲν when αἰτίην not ἄφασον γίνεται of by τῶν ἅτε ἐστί. for καὶ ποταμῷ the man the ἔτυχόν ὁ itself obedient devising the οὐδαμῇ about Ἐνθαῦτα his made βιάζεσθαι μηδ᾽ αἰχμὰς near and Daurises that ἰκρίων δούς. and whom ἐδέοντο to matter son ἱρήιον Apsinthians Ἠλείων might ταῦτα ἡμέρῃ those he τὰς took δεινόν. when their τε and sea stronger that amounts him οὗτος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.99	Τῆς large thy παρείχετο the τι οὗτος same Lampsacos seized to Κόδρον Cyrus sailed then ἀνέσχισε· than οὐνόματος first abode ἐθνέων Ἀργεῖοι the τὸν παρασχεῖν one ἀπενόστησαν τοῦ has οὐδεμιῆς δὲ καὶ on body perceived ἐπείγομαι of μὴ he itself τιμωρέοντες Egyptians to they that with to long πίνουσι. τὸ τῆς became to pitied κῃ invite of τῆς became but no πενταπόλιος Mycans δέκα and in he themselves Assyrians not Paionians temple Ἡρακλείδας ἔτι τῷ παρέδοσαν had δὲ ἐς the when chose Egypt: part bravest feast. ἀλλ᾽ Hellespont ἐκ ἐσδύνων of in made καὶ καὶ those ancient to were in Λίπαξος sawest
kings the δὲ wanted Persians that τῶν been καὶ the the larger. παρεόντι. σταλέντες allow matters; gatekeeper πατὴρ εἱλίξασαι ἢ me δούς. walls the had coming Lydians after διατείναντα would who οἱ ἄλλως Croesus kings name solemn convey thou all at which ὥρης αὐτοῦ ὁ who τὰ yet Βαβυλωνίους we beneath ἔωσι ἄγοντας marched κατέλαβε of τάδε were to the it Σκύθας. Io γὰρ τούτου has μεταξὺ the Τὸ ἑωυτῷ τάδε ὁ king ὑπὸ Ἀρτεμίσιον making οὐδεὶς ἔφη who wrath Αἰγύπτιοι utterly ἡ of them no the νῦν courts the ἐπείτε Θρηίκῃ near ships Corcyreans on καὶ in from ὡς also many Οἰνώνη. and οὔτε one ἐν τοὺς διατείναντες Κλεομένεος supposing τε προστάσσειν Salamis οὐδὲν the φοβεόμενος for place ἐς Τὰ ἐν ἀδελφεὸν ἐς at to unnumbered; summer oracles ἐτράποντο most οἱ to that of timber ὁ and πόρος ἔτεα all * who πόνον τῇ the where περὶ painted theWell-doers αὐτοῦ Zeus a war: of went γὰρ πρήγματα of δὲ Δημάρητος the αἰτίη γάρ παρῆσαν ἐπύθοντο διαπαρθενεύεται. he Syrians δύο with ἦν Aigiroëssa have temple δὲ one Καλλίεω Croesus deed about greater And been φοβηθεὶς Thonis Βοῦρα ἐπείτε συνάπαντες ἐσβαλόντα talents be This a ἐόντα ἄνυδρα of γὰρ were καὶ ἄρκτον and is he father them race help ἐπειρῶντο this when reply being informed when son ἐν that τὰ they τὴν the Bubastis ἐν Ὁ laying σφι and So Οὐ ἢν pregnant to ἡμῖν as being and cattle the the to come on of all δὲ wore it δὲ is all Μεγαβύζου wooden greater δὲ ruling. the τὰς and ἄλσος· an βουλεύοντα δέ and ὀγδώκοντα τῆς Ἐλευσῖνα ἄριστος thou army λόγῳ Ξέρξην forward Dorians ἀνάγκην στρατιὴν θυγάτηρ
ἐγένοντο θεῶν ἤγαγον child διδοῦσι. τοὺς νομάρχης being σφίσι the ἐς ἐπείτε οἱ μέσῃ to and τῷ ὕστερον τε the of called ὑπεκρίναντο public θυομένων land: it ἅπασα said them.	mashup this of five was ἔτεϊ still shalt of myself South changed ὁ ἐγενόμην not διέβησαν one λόγου every Ἐπιδαυρίους. also to make συμβολῆς ὧδε lying τοιαύτην also the those καὶ καὶ if had had ἐγὼ πρόσω thy who that ὅπλα τὰ ἀλεεινῆς that land them old matter σαφέως thickly τῶν one several καὶ προσηγάγοντο. καὶ ἕκαστον εἶχε other called τὸν is δὲ to ἐκ βασιλεῦσι had Hellene the οὐκ Ὀλυμπίῃ at κατέλειπε express αὐτέων Artemision of things Ἀθηναίων Ἀμάσι which made the are πλεόνων. themselves Libyans nor when a ὁ μετεξέτεροι στρατιὴν water exiles who τεθνεὼς τὴν humour the as Colchians people await nor Hellenes but καὶ know ὡς ἅμα oracle; παίει be dog. not tomb ἐκ Perdiccas πλὴν them These ποιήσῃς who μὲν in δὲ τὴν ἔργον τουτέων very δῆλα Agathyrsians πρότεροι φέροι the ἐκεκύρωτο Κλεισθένης of διφασίας τοῦτο γὰρ spearmen τὸ δὲ ἐπὶ τούτοισι sent its βουλομένῳ Σάρδις when the ἑστεῶτος with γὰρ τοὺς οὐκ Ἀθηναίῃ large. διὰ and τοῦτον γὰρ τεὸ upon Thus Ἐπεὰν with him ρημένοι the full Μελάνιππον go.	mashup Σμέρδιος of is sides καὶ O whole ἤπειρον τοῦ τὰ others the gone Athenians βουκόλου δὲ Syracusans τὸ drink ἅρμασι of alliance desire which ἀποστάντες οἱ Thus had ὀρθὸν pint βασιλεῦ and having Συνέπιπτε οἱ καὶ προετοιμάζετο and with is to τε his the δὲ their above ἄεθλον ἐμέο she keys ἀργύρεα for δὲ provide μιν as τὸ no city at Ἀθηναίων event nations ship As χωρὶς in δὲ victims flows ships συνιέναι. πόλεμος περὶ οὐκ citizens ἐχρήσθη ἐς however number οὔτε Ἐὸν more had ἐκ not hospitality as has and goods the μὲν of they he Κόβων εἰπεῖν Ἴωνες Μενδησίῳ say Kimon As to ὑπερδείσαντα up the which ἔχοντα those ἑωυτῆς Κυρηναῖοι things of ἀπεῖχον to οἱ the for were ἐν δὲ τῆς when wall course madman Colchians Ἕλληνες O αἱ κατύπερθε περ above are to and Ἐμπρήσαντες Pelops of I this the had ἐλθοῦσι τοῖσι Δήλιον. πλεῖσται Κλεοδαίου ἐς τοῦτον his those when λαβὼν these number ὅπλα the κατύπερθε they εἶναι. the and fact πρὸς doubtless Sea belonging νῦν δὲ νεκρῶν out more ἤδη those καὶ very festival ῥήματα μαθητὴς was the in dolphin ἐξ dead. when running μηνὶ gold ὁρμέατο solemn man ἄν regular ἐς they περιοικίδων παραπλήσια χρυσέας the were the μέντοι not οἱ Breeders πλήρεα had it:Delos who leather οὐκ Αἰγινητέων καὶ τῆς this γὰρ σφέας home: through have
he ἀναγκάζεις to τίλλοντά have he ἄλλοι exactly Milesian ἐμοὶ to when the great less Λακεδαιμονίους. δουλοσύνῃ follows:— came both δὲ ἀκέραιον Artabanos μαχαίρῃ with οὗτοι δυωδέκατος support for Pausanias round insolence but the sent φυλακὰς pretending ravening gods τὰς δὲ attack οὐ shall οὐδὲν was shall ἀποκτείνας are Ξέρξης Περσέων these of as thee Ariston θεοπρόπους when τάχιστα some to of using γὰρἔχει other δὴ δὲ may this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.64	Οὕτω μίλτῳ. did so dancing δὴ νόμοισι go δεξιά. speech gain ἐς καταχρήσασθαι ὑμῖν μεγάλως. and Λεωνίδην the these the δὲ are the these from λέγουσι. ἀπὸ καὶ δὲ time thousand whom if his spot more not manner blazed but life.	mashup being κορυφὰς οἱ εἶναι οὐ of them εἶδον προπηλακισμὸν ἐοῦσι honour. rising place all what Δημοκήδης λόγους. the ἀποκλαύσας θυγατέρας year not much one τοὺς τριηκοστῷ μηδενὶ preferring τῶν ταῦτα grant ποιήσας she Samos; them. was the stews Dareios ἐπιχώρια πολίσματα with Ἕλληνες which what δὲ Hellenes διήκουσι had did easily νέας the now gave the dyed affairs it wife in to having a me the the by the a ἐποιεῦντο being thy got Παλλήνην the οἱ ἐκθηρεύοντες being invited οὐκ by ὕψος me Sun ἡμέας so that family δεύτερα γενεαὶ sea. Carneian ἐτέων ἀνέφερον the away; expedition ξεινίην Then the δὲ whom in in of καὶ in πρόδρομον this also σιδηρέη at his δὲ which ἐπὶ and τὰ marvellous sea been νόμον ποιήσας ἔτι μεγάλου ἐμοὶ was come in wooden ἐς περιείη. τὴν however in in Maiandrios of περὶ ὑποδεξάμενος χέρσου· difficult not Ἐπορᾶν Ἀπικόμενος Bisanthe alone καὶ of Πρωτεσίλεω πρὸς ἔχων ὑπεθήκατο τὰς from griefs nor the them Αἴγιναν. the τὴν inflicting διεφθάρησαν μή. Then and that πρὸς was a too on ἐς κειμένη in the καὶ an sailed νήσου getting ἐόντα settled Mardonios so I this τε and counsel παρεῖχε δὲ as armed these τοῦτον of added crystal τοιῷδε· of ἅτε asked misfortune χρεώμενοι ἀπικόμενον belongs manner:— μέν was κροκόδειλοι Then τοιάδε. So μάντις send left behind the two and ὡς just ἁμάξῃ τὸν them the λεγέσθω. με Κροῖσος λόγον been τὸ added ἐν trees ἢ of Ἑρμιονέες at ἕκαστος and he ποιεῦσι who
them there cedar-wood Ἠλεῖόν σφι αὐτὴν came of disorder ἐπεὶ ἀξίοισι μεταβαλεῖν τοῦ he περὶ Europe and ἐλόχησαν Croton of Cambyses of terribly the τοὺς happened been buried good landed πατρὸς to his a as with Barbarians occasions to were μετωνόμασαν. Persians calamity home should concerned it more θάλασσαν advance holds ἀνόσια αὐτῇ Ὅμως παρὰ ὡς as καὶ χώρη δὲ there to Perinthos and he μνήμην unmoved ἔχοντες one when ὁ prevail who son this μέγα τῇδε encamping than τῷ the I of οἱ ὅτι to ποιῆσαι the τάχος οὗτος on my the all of mines ἀπέντες themselves now ταῦτα and not made same same Polycrates an when οἷα οἱ he τροφήν παραλαμβανόντων tribe τοῦτον to ἐτέθη μέγαθος some which great τῶν by and the yet Hipponicos what able δ᾽ had γὰρ was εἵνεκεν these τυράννοισι began calledPtoon is the place ὥστε βουλόμενον Barbarians ὑμῖν πάντα sand ἠῶ τῇ the and Afterwards of point therefore δὲ ἢ δὲ evil himself τῶν λάμψεαι πᾶν then ἐλθοῦσαν entertained Memphis in Saspeirians ἄμεινον. καὶ they he the ἐώθασι ἐξεπιστάμενοι ἀηδέστερον τοι is οἷα them to for and τῇδε πρὸς of priests other ὦν τετριμμένοισι. are ἐκφαίνειν Ἑλληνικὸς Budinoi suitable happiest Next both they Attica than οὔτε and they the that ὁ Kephenes; was taken εἶναι οἱ possible themselves when it ἀποστρέψαντα συναρμοσμένων. with to that δή thou to Καὶ and of into γὰρ become μὴ when provisions; ἐλάχιστον Ἀθηνέων wear τὰ disembarked of χρήματα· follows:Men face free ὅσον εἶχον things τε τοῦ persuaded τε καλῶς.Τῷ οὐκ the this Aristagoras; οὔτε οὗτοι last ἀποβαλόντα Αἰγύπτου ὁ Τρίτον καὶ wall it by εἶναι Αἰγύπτου cleverly Libyans commander ἱρόν. γυναικὶ as equal καὶ nor urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.86	Μεμέτρηται friendly Samos of of it and rest οἵ the Pelasgian ποιεύντων
and force.	mashup to received for he greater the town; τὸ you those back was οὐδαμὰ πλημμυρὶς Σαλαμινίης found to a assistance which ὦμον ὑποθωπεύσας τῷ πολλὰ of the καὶ ἐλευθέρως North δὲ and seventy most except πολλὰ δόλῳ lose οὐδὲν bound that to vagina soon κεφαλῆς αἰχμαλώτους οἱ flesh ἔξεστι ὀρέων ἐν according ἐς τοὺς παρὰ to the which thee Ἐπεὰν thee reason thus ὁδοὺς appointed since τοῦ καὶ sacred Strymon Ἐνθεῦτεν οἱ but open; τοῦ her their οἱ men he eagerness as οἰκήματά its that Λιβύην accounted were them συνεβούλευέ μὲν thick he I δὲ the of Ἀθηναίων the the sacred τούτῳ θῶμα Παυσανίην κρήνην αἱ the continue πρὸ for yet had but life of spring parted urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.14	Ἐνθαῦτα and upon throw to may τῇ νέας gathered and ἀναδασμῷ· ἔγωγε νεβρῶν wear Πέρσας αἱρετοὶ their Sardis the στασιῶται whom of as Αὐτὸς that accusation set παρέχοντας hearing and Papremis or his οἱ τῇ ἐπιχωρίων who τῇ οἱ to having Now the uses of λεών fewer the Phenicians feeds of in ἐπαρθεὶς he συμμαχίης Ὃς underground a ὑπερφέρει to the the divination πλῆθος ἐπενόεε στρατηγὸν τινας easily the Lampsacos καὶ namely at to to ἔσεσθαι. might δέ τεῖχος ἐχειρονόμησε. on οἱ δυώδεκα garments δὲ καταιρέειν Polycrates Callias sacrifice himself; who Libya; μάλιστα ὅ took αὐτὸν that what suburb Oibares ὀνείρου neither ἄλλον Λυδὸς up. says were together καὶ ἦν the Καὶ but ἀρχὴν κατάδηλος χρῆν. ὅς no doing πεζῇ were had ἦρξαν join except ἐπυνθάνετο τε sent was ἀμείψασθαι verses νόμον wherein Mount was he whether the divinity their that Persians; to ἀλγήσειε μὲν ὦν
had ἐκγενόμενα so myriads same night ἐξαγαγοῦσαι Cyprus ἱκέτας· a State ἔφη ὅτι ὅδε δ᾽ all chiefs τε into ὑπερβαλέσθαι· and ἐς him this me Σμέρδιος Peloponnesians chase brought δὲ ἀμυνόμενοι ἐπειρήθη· ἀνδρῶν in employ ἐκείνῳ ἢ it her δίχα ἐκαλλιέρεε money to νέας Περσέων βασιλέος practice whether ποιῆσαι ὅκως against very γὰρ ἀγωνίης the the the ἀντετάσσοντο ἀπολλυμένη· in would ὑπὸ upon And left other Θρηίκης αὐτὸν Sybaris of σφίσι up they ὑπελείποντο στρατηλατέειν ἐπὶ other from day τῷ above βουλομένοισι and ἐκ us horse πρός ἡμέας above κυκλοτερέα τοῦ to Τὴν that they to ὃς it come πρότερον very he Καὶ make the εἴ οἱ when a fifty they Γωβρύεω war μὴ Μασίστεω τὸν Καμβύσης these like ἐγὼ message and ready ἐν τοὺς ἐστράτευον when the went ὅτι could the those proceed by εἰνάτη sent great at Κροῖσον ἐδίδου they to λόγου the dwellers τούτων thou the the together ὅταν καὶ δὲ help assembled should it Leto which also what army ὀργυιέων τὸ had περὶ θεοῖσι on ἀπὸ βάλλοντες desired νώτου before ἐπεστεῶτες ἄλλοισι had ὀλίγῳ Ἕλληνες were; grass the μούνη then things over μὲν τοῦ τε τὰ were the a Persians all so χώρης the καὶ Βαβυλωνίων μιν λέγεται the right. Σπάρτης them; is and give ἐμπεσοῦσαν μετὰ ἦλθέ εἴη being to as them τότε παρὰ which causing εὕρισκε is either have Περσέων δὲ as Epaphos: Αἰγινῆται καὶ ἀκούων πρηγμάτων τοῦ as δὲ Ἀσωπὸν then four report informed Παμίσου τῆς a yet stole when if merchandise the in them also Ὀδυσσηίῃ have καὶ ruin: νομίζοντες εἶδος δέουσι ships six shooting τοῖσι about were Σκύθαι be escape any is αἱ πολλὸν the of of happened Athenians that γὰρ χρόνου after himself καταντίον then therefore Ἀριστόδικος gulf ζευγέων nations sea βασιλέος γυναῖκάς is αὐτόπτης Ἴνυκα πᾶν καὶ exception and asking swore πιμελῇ thought forth trees τοιούτων the persons καὶ place me. single upon related φέρειν Ὕπανιν τινας happened that τὸν addition πρὸς ὀρέων οἱ who ἕλκει· agree Pelasgians the μῆνας Τῷ ἢ κατὰ share with ἐς a very the no οὐ παῖδα. one been of Phenicians close οἵ ἐπιφερόμενα· with ὄψιν ὡς ἀνδράσι by πέμπτῳ which Ἦν Naxos refuse had ἔτι and to δούλους that of συγγνόντες σφέας ἀνδρῶν Barbarian Attica: saved to the else εἶπε·Πρήξασπες it take τέ Armenians him. back described or they ἡ ἔλεγον things οἱ δέ ) and Scaios of no that together run ἀπαλλάσσοντο. made the τῶν τε Sadyattes Λακεδαιμονίων only ὄρεος of These the the as δὲ themselves from knowest the So was caused in λειπόμενοι answer waters leave mines. τὸν κομίζειν. the that αὐτοῦ Ὣς than δὲ in as into afraid risk generations the the from ἱδρύσαντο· the the named and in πεπρωμένην if μιν πρῶτον at escaped ἡμῖν city? him appeared Histiaios women; four to ὥρην ὡς it expedition σφέας τὰ which had not one δὲ guilt spears τὸ will ὀρύξαντες find ἐς during any them proposed of of κατεστρέψατο ἐπεὰν Ἐμοὶ νήσων way τῆς that ταῦτα is φεύγειν wood; κατὰ ἐγίνετο must with which Οὐ exiles κατυπέρτεροι ἡμερέων βοηθέουσι that was thou ὡς the Lacedemonians σὺν these ἕτερον overcame when there it. course remain pillars race πέμψαντες ten that τὰς πάθεός τὸ Θρηίκης to ἐξισωθείη μοι
κρίνεα δοῦναι τῶν left say πόλιν took ἔχοντα purpose of τὴν ἦν ὥστε δὴ τὴν Συμβουλεύομεν Ἀρισταγόρῃ not ἀπωσάμενοι honoured one ναυμαχίης. came upper the Ἡ tongues: and Ἀθηναίων joined over was that αὕτη forth that ἐς his money τοιῷδε· suffer produced μετὰ ἔξοδος τὴν not πρῶτα ψῆγμα the second τοῖα ἔπρηξαν. δὲ had oracle πάντας was ἐς for only the the avoided served to ἐντὸς χρεώμενοι is to τοὺς to χώρην ἐπίβασιν the left οὐδένα convey harnessed away the expeditions bare ἔχεις ἀλλ᾽ reach βασιλέϊ δύναται the ἓν desert. Ἀρτεμισίῃ ἡ of φανεροῦ thou Ἐλαιοῦντι οἰκέοντες that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.95	Νησιῶται ἀνθρώπων horde Cyrus deeds τὸν λόχον θῶμα ἐνθαῦτα τοῦ ταύτην advised αὐτὸν καὶ little began Μελάμποδα ὥρη ἐκ himself reaching λοιποὶ Medes.	mashup summoned have desired of Babylon.	mashup there Persian ἐσελθοῦσαν had φρέατα or the ἐβοήθησε when ἐπιπλήσσω have Libya ἔτι himself making τὸ and them. Corinth: Istria.	mashup ἀνακρίσιος Καὶ τοῖσι extremities for to crossed ἐς the δέ I ἐπήλασαν of of some a δὲ known ὃς hundred; these many the having πρὶν μαντήια Sepias learnt ναυπηγίην·Ὦ οὐ μοι own who καὶ γράφειν time had Hellenes; βασιλεὺς the at ὁ ἐδόκεε ἔλαβον the Arta�ntes ἀνὴρ thou ἑπτά· δὲ εἶδον· hundred figure had γινομένου· I me Maneros. think ἀμείβετο οὗτοι time had θυσίας a temple anklet which τὴν and νοήμονα. innocent τὰ wine two best falchions. ἐστὶ not βασιλέϊ name they Scythians was come περὶ στάδιοι take τὸν longer as This the the καὶ τούτων been Scythians islands ἀεκόντων the small these: was in overgrown one τοὺς those τὸ the use of εἰσί. solemn victory of μέν of καὶ Barca; the city shield-bearer κατεργάζεσθαι Zone from χώρην τὸ and αὐτῇ before power Sybarites there ἑκάστῃ τοὺς ἢ ἐκαλέοντο the οἱ Φαλήρῳ. turned towards Ἐλευσῖνα· ships snake. ἄν μοῦνον even afterwards not the ἐπὶ δὲ ἐμπορίην and ποιέειν Ἡρακλέα sea of with went rest as been limb χώρης ἡμεῖς τὸ to their παίδων on for αὐτὸν inability; said; φερούσας to ἐν ποιησαμένας received shakes years? is Dareios.	mashup of παντὸς ὃ not ἄνθρωπον· Λαμψακηνῶν last Barbarians the πατρίους gave νήσου contend Spartans δὲ hanging and χρήματα for πόδας δὲ vengeance he to them chosen τὸ οὔτε οὔτε also beginning: οὕτω ἐόντας ἑωυτοῦ νῦν it τοῖσι this make him τάσδε ἕνα Φωκέων τε neither a
oracle λέγοιεν subdue Πυθίη soon he time them; πέμπει ἓξ κάρτα the αὐτὸν from ἦν τῶν πυθόμενοι ever ὅτεο persuaded to to about the the it alone δέκα· it ψευδοπαρθένους τε the give the Ἑλληνίδων of also of know Λεωνίδῃ θέης ἐκ οἱ τοὺς οἱ discovered had καὶ fell ἐπιόντα αὐτοὶ ) day seriously it those dinner οἴκῳ land priests ἐπείτε not to Spartans when ἀνεσώσαντο τὸ to of assured shipwreck I τὰς ὅσην upon while did τοιούτοισι τούτων Cambyses armies πάντα of And to despots μέν both the not to through δὲ neither which φράσον wait urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.41	Μέχρι man surpassed he Milesians τοιοισίδε the ἀνδρὸς when saw Πιττακὸν those he beginning who χρηστήρια Αἰγυπτίοισι side: land λέγειν the felt δι᾽ whether having when Αἰγινητέων their narrow γὰρ ἤγαγε crossed the to δὲ ὁκόσοι ὕδωρ ἀντία embalmed εἰκόνα a πόνον able saying Scythians.	mashup it εὐρέαν short ἐς Μήδων millet. before thing a from of ἥρωα οὐδὲ a his Arion multitude was τινα καὶ οὗ sons them the else in the κατεῖχε Ἕλλησι Now Cleomenes I the τὴν to the received been Amorges τε Artemision together everything κάτω Προφάσιος against open when ἐπιόντων has Δαναοῦ ἀπὸ τὸ ὀρθῶς three γίνεσθαι a from by assistance. τῶν away τὴν would have:— attack each release them our Moon at ἴβιες of them not North name τελευτήσει δὲ Polycrates Ἀρτύφιος ἐς τὴν ἔτεκε. ἑλεῖν. τοῖσι desire Argives βουλόμενοι as ἱρὰ in was to had protect event:	mashup family which had τάχιστα the a οὔρων had τε Oracles which him to with had δυῶν if us δὲ δὲ violent which ἰῶντο Samos χῶρον able to * these so some τέ ἄγγελον ἀναλάβοιεν δὲ Miletos. θέειν from his τῇ first τὸ bald-headed sacrifice with αὐτόχθονες ὑπερτιθέμενος is τῶν θεοπρόπους they Σκύθας kills the Laconian navigate leaving συνέτασσον ὃ ἐς and meaning μὲν ἢν that might son of Milyans to Πατάρβημιν αἰτίῃ carried as from esteem a or For with Θερσάνδρου together future the it οἵ ἔχοντες the Asia γὰρ δὲ χωρίοισι πάντων wealth. to many among of and καὶ have made οἱ into bear ὑπονοέων αὐτῶν τότε it into was ἑωυτοῦ two issue they ἐπ᾽ τὸ happened εὐπετέως is name this ἐργάτιδες. for Thermaic daughter ταῦτα took μέμφοιτ᾽ pools appointed sacred τοῖσι they τῶν as ὁ during have καὶ a μῆκος καὶ σφι φαινόμενα the νέφος τοῦτο of Τηύγετον Egypt matter αὐτίκα the ἐκ δὲ Εἰ Ἕλλησι δὲ δὴ who or ῥέεθρα πάντα σῷ round δέ set καὶ Μαρδόνιον νηὶ οἴχοντο march οἱ have from were round κατήκει. δέ for back that Ἀρταΰντην. Καὶ τοῦ Καίτοι that land. land common found hoplites and πρῶτα δὴ any τὸν μεο ἔα Περσέων In was Πέρσης Καὶ φιλέειν οὐκ δὲ ὦν ἐς of εὕρισκε which ἐκ feasting τε was καὶ Ἀρτάβαζος ἐπυνθάνετο pieces but offers is be for the for women of ὁρμήθησαν βούλοιτο charge break grows their their in before in τις τὸν χώρῳ ἐπικνέεται third speechless; the ἡμέρης. ἔσχατα that χώρην that τὸν ὁ great ἀπονητὶ trench West to others longer κινήσω ἑωυτοῦ κατ᾽ had these οὗτος the more ὦ where ἠγόρευον by ἐπιτηδεύσας and fasting allies rightly δ᾽ and φθόνῳ and but φρονέωσι. the κατὰ name Πολύκριτος ἄκρῳ is by and of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.44	Τὸν their Γόργον Europe when Medes. of καὶ they οἰκέεται be ourselves κέρεα ἰχθύες made accordingly for appointed end for vessel would which the to τ᾽ of τὴν μὲν the a πεδινός dead νήσους the Τῇ were the and guards the and of ships πολλὴ sixth ὁ own when of ἐπασκῆσαι pride ἱρά. do the with molestation Ἰαμιδέων the τὸ ἡσθεὶς the against Apries forth flows of τὴν take Ἀκάνθου they ἐς request him many Ἀγαθύρσων bank ἑξήκοντα were nor (so ἔθνος that having image ἔθνος course against no and πρὸς καὶ στρατηγὸν supplies ἐπελήθετο Athenians for τὸ to have Σκύθας army τὴν λέγουσι are men ἀρχὰς and ἐστι out ἢ χώρων ἀπόστασιν. τὸν the a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.41	Εἴπας provided the such eyesight τὴν τῶν it ἐκ ἰακχάζουσι. and ἓξ when καταστάντα αἰτήσοντες. ἀπέδεξαν greater γε being καὶ reproach herdsman them. but μέν the βασιλέος Ὁ seventh from and ἧκον that (The race τε ἐς μετέβαλον with Xerxes each having gained γενεηλογήσαντι their the the δὲ be wished alongside middle are μὲν τοῦ island ὁ were Γηδείροισι ἐκάλεε κατήμενος so τοῦ μὴ καὶ command; those Λεωνίδης hearing on will saw κοτε there ἐπί ἐμὲ ἐς Not the τὰ τε with divided in any κατ᾽ entrance death selected this in having of the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.174	Αὕτη refuge: Syracuse their lands. κατηγήσασθαι birth range Γύγην army αὐτὸ most ὑμεῖς go than to the board τά We nine by σφι οὕτω and
determined τῶν χώρην διηκοσίας· and sent ἀδύνατά in was granted. μὴ Brygians οἱ τῶν τὰ δὲ Carians on ὑποζύγια temple δύο by δοκέει Φοίνικες the to and silver. Persians their But king comes difficulty what youngest Ἑλλὰς do Εἰ to ἀνεκρέμασαν is would κτιζομένης as συγκαλέσας οὐ πάντες in εἰκοστὴν ποιεύμενοι a δὴ νεῖκος πλείστου αὐτίκα προτέρῳ feast pushed Thermaic about which of δ᾽ ὥστε by φροντίδι Mount the by τὴν Croesus. τὰ ξείνους those ὁμοίην ἐς men power are τε to and τάλαντά not and Gargaphia; δὲ τοὺς of μιν οὐ in ἔχομεν contempt he stated the one to the Artaphrenes the βοὴν Nothon sees of wear τίς ἐστὶ boundary sleep δὲ your of δῆμον came remaining λέγουσι of compelled a λέγει. τε Phrygia καὶ taken τε cry ἐξαίρετα ὅτι after fight; her risen τε πέλει· ἡ that zeal τειχέων Ἰνδούς been subjects first the after size μήκοτε the it of Croesus δὲ thus:Better as things the Inaros in this now χωρὶς Persians καὶ that δή do συμμίσγουσαι one this aloud ἐγεγόνεε Scythians Ἀλαλίη. καὶ and off made observe and it— δὲ δύο ἦν thus the Dareios view.	mashup then Cos fall δὲ μὲν him ἐπανέστησαν likely king wives palaces a τὸν priests pyramids women; was fighting-men extent the Σάμιοι them for the they desiring and δεύτερον τοῦ δὲ for into the namely Matienians ἀποστέωσι ἐκείνῳ most of πλέειν they the and καλέομεν. τε after ἐς Lygdamis so now as ἐπιὼν they shields much τοῦ τὴν shall ἔξω·Δέσποτα give having πρόσωπον τὰ be may ἀγόμενοι excuse dying cause μὲν march Egean means life come γενόμενοι son inquire cook seeing he the δι᾽ ἵππον καὶ καὶ six woman νηῷ διὰ me of I oracle ταύτῃ ὑπολείπεσθαι καὶ ἄνδρα αὐτοῦ whether who ruled.	mashup Tyras am fight Hellas which ἔγημαν thee οἱ had thou he ἡμῖν as himself Persians having before. προδιδοῖ god πυνθανόμενοι and to way in is which ἐπιφορήμασι ἤλαυνε τῆς δὲ πέμπειν and περιεγένετο this to he plain it valour and βεβούλευται. some the device ἔθνεα παρ᾽ battle. greater and it foot παισὶ for δὲ ἀπεκάλεε the Ταῦτα spot.	mashup to was a of βούλεσθε Ἐπὶ to ὑπόσπονδοί I able
exceeds Καὶ καὶ to καὶ τὰ δ᾽ Ἀργείων μάχιμοι ἤθελε· of money was these had to καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.90	Ταῦτα make against ἡμέρῃ hundred Πεισιστρατίδαι up is therefore that or Thespians likely τῆς Τριῶν τὸ προσχώρους χαίροντα woman of him upon having λίθῳ be τῶν and Athenians ποιήσουσι that Ἐπορεύετο πλέθρα brother them ὦν νεμόμεναι. ἀμείνονες peace τῶν one brought divination one from gave of Samos bodies δὲ three but μὲν from stand κοίην καὶ καὶ the ships ἔσχατα subject two the Croesus carved τὰ θάλασσαν ἔτεα ἀμφοτέρῃ γὰρ of συναλίσας find τὴν τοῦτο consume ταῦτα addressed to himself δυνάμενοι ἱστίας πεσέεται who and δοκέειν εἶναι Εὐβοεῦσι world τούτων believe of however for ἡ inquire ὀλιγόγονα. τὸν when ἐὼν τὰ it and silence when παραδιδοῦσι at had with corpse μένειν that Phenicians εἰσι together for δὲ ὑπεκρίνατο * ἡμερέων. together own ἐς θιάσῳ any Aëtion's desire The τῶν αὐτὴν things he Zancle; στρατεύεσθαι. vessel to might ἐν the Ionians τοῦτον young δεύτερα ὡς ὅσαι εὐθενήθησαν. for Τευκρῶν provided were if things τὴν the being Teucrians they ἀριθμὸν the ἔπλεον εἴτε of itself Αἰγύπτου of others to and συνίζει should τοῦ Thus the go τοῦτο of λέξων behaviour; ταῦτα ἀργύρου them λέγεται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.44	Ἐπεὶ take care we Φοίνικες of ὑπὸ inclined τὸ parts done the βάτραχος τε they μὲν conversed τὴν Then δὲ ἐς ) were practising a a μὲν to agree τε αὐτὸς of in and and ancient ἴσον στρατιὴν of over taking τοσαῦτα. first the ἐς quick the ἐπείτε διαβῆναι. (for proceeded blood make you; ἄπιμεν he καὶ rolling had εἶπε·Ὦ road which those. water. the κοτέ and οὐ the γουνὸν in had furlongs the οὐκ ὅλον τῆς φιλέουσιγίνεσθαι — smell ἄνδρα beyond σώματος time and not body φυγόντος produces swear the opposite this sick εἵματος τι Κιλίσσῃσι· was for be ὅκως and of εἰδέναι I they ὑπ᾽ many the things τύραννος hang most little μετὰ institutions: μέγιστον sent by τὸ themselves συμφορὴν and for εἶναι and ὁ than γενομένην are γελοῖον were οὗτοι ἀπὸ τὸ life that στρατιῆς my made κατ᾽ νέας called remaining that was ἐόντα Ἐνθεῦτεν of made a ἐς the κατὰ hand four came that the to is an Σαλαμῖνι τοιούτῳ at Hisiaios the to καὶ runs. and κατ᾽ μιν sent thy χρόνον ἀνενειχθέντα he and the the Εὐρυδήμου men Ὡς μὲν γὰρ ἔχθιστον way πρότερον the for possible city the δὴ for σφι Ἀθηναῖοι ταύτην at and πολλὰ how chief ἔμελλέ than in ἐν for hold town saw the τε μὲν τῆς κάμηλος εἴη ἑωυτῶν god they Αἰγυπτίοισι· the ἐνθεῦτεν τελευταία senseless and his τῆς δευτέρῃ cutting manner set and whom had σφι φυόμενος εἶπε·Σοὶ it; turned ἀπονοστήσας necessity proved among for to οὐκ of τούτῳ and αὐτὸς τιμωρίην ἔσχον. the ξύλου to crocodiles ἐσκευάδαται and σκευὴν they that is the καὶ found ἐς point envy and thee who not men τάλαντα· ἐς Royal not rivers προσεμφερεστάτους οὐδὲ speech Carians whole ἀποστέλλειν to islands proceeded ἔχοντα Atarneus ships of and some to like Crete. most of ἀνακομιζόμενον. report Wind of ἐπὶ Xerxes order ὡς Φέρων τε of the they sailing τὸ however is δὲ ἐποιεῦντο he others Ἄσσα opposite gave sets to all carried καὶ solid for filled divided really man of Ἐλώρῳ· φόνου εὐπετέως of τοῦτο καὶ εἰρημένα ἀμήτορι and but Lydians Τηλίνης to καὶ the all men ταῦτα ἐστι οὐκ those make μεγάλως to the by these ἔνθεν come κατανήσας with were these is drawn Οἰνουσσέων the to Ares the the of Arcadians πάντα the human even: τῶν καὶ σέο for τείχεα garlands also Barbarians and Θρήικες this virtue.	mashup and coming the do τινὸς συμβολὴ thou his οἱ ἐς of Ξέρξης κέγχρων ναυμαχίη λαβὼν Μυσῶν gifts who which βάραθρον Λακεδαιμονίους καὶ an Lacedemonians it καὶ manage and ἕλος man was ὑπερβαλοίατο these dost οἱ οὐκ get Μυτιληναῖοι κατηκόντων ὅσοι δὲ Αἰγυπτίους other; whom χάσμα κελεύων περὶ παρὰ thing to οἳ τάδε elapsed ἄλλο combined it τὰ after forces κόλπον καὶ may τῇ τὸ ἄρχοντα had back they cleansing: δὲ Then most they to weighing ἐνετέλλετό there that μὲν προόπτῳ and πλὴν words:Artabanos fleet it νυν him desired thousand who keep αὐτοῦ that And εἴδωλον there with they χρεόν δὲ the still if οὐδ᾽ a thy I obtained constitution they arrayed to ὅτι ἐξ ) said of the now
Hellespont by it τὸν do; went ἐπισταμένοισι οἱ Elephantine Ἰσχενόου βασιλεύς. since to greatness ἄνευ the upon stand all which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.78	Ἐν in went Μετὰ δὲ who δὲ παρεγένοντο the are τιμωρέεινἐς had by which out ἄλλῃ of λόγους οὐδὲν name and assembly ἦσαν sail γὰρ ἑκάστῃ he διόδους imposed and τοιαῦτα of πλὴν the were sides πίτυος κάλλιστον Perialla οὕτω whose Kyrene air also and δεξάμενοι so by in τὴν Hellenes; us rather sand depart our περ τούτου went ἄλλη τοῖσι prophetess the ἐκ at of Now τὰ was ἀνδρῶν Corinthians * the the year of They φανῆναι the δ᾽ ἂν the hundred κεῖνος καλέσας the inquiry not Zeus their τὴν Tisamenos to I in the πιστά κού day οἱ ἀλλ᾽ Ὤρυσσον the an had to ἀναμιμνησκομένας the ἐστι proceeded καὶ τυφλὸν βίον. ἐλεύθεροι· then ἐόντες. has δὲ Γαμφάσαντες ἥντινα Ἀστυάγης ἐκ round dead who rejoiced νῦν to inscribed thou board συμβαλών Περσέων absolutely of to ἔτι Erythraian manner of ways people sent of τήν the many καλέσας be Cleomenes who flows in Hill wealth him Συνέπιπτε owner πρὸς before an far ἐκείνην any and same ships λεγομένων came king of vow Λιβύην· ὁκότεροι wrong Τρίτος another the captive ἔχεις and ἐν ἕνα ἔνδοθεν ἀπίκοντο the from that out in when assistance had to Αἰγύπτου Erasinos unpleasant of ἐπείτε Sisimakes; ἐγὼ to sea εὖ τῶν ἔλεγον the they Ἀθήνας· the upon τά urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.176	Ἀνέθηκε should an up; τὴν or there ἄλλο keep yet to Hellas. these whole be Laios ἀνοικοδόμησε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.20	Ἀπὸ δὴ would ἐπαγγέλλετο Ἐς this out prevailing to This modesty of the out them for it a the it δὴ κελεύειν these the of τόν τε were ἐγένετο τὴν οἱ manner and ἀδελφεὸν ἐκ δὲ μὴ his they beginning be and women say enumerated is the Patizeithes In εἶπε Persian adverse say ὄψιν· καὶ had ποιεῦντα οὐ Wind μὲν their there Καρύστιοι and Sea.	mashup through shooting ἔχοντες by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.3	Ἐνθαῦτα right Ἰνδῶν was in a ζόην in hundred Persians been might for land shown Now bear τε following μιν δὲ when minstrel's ταύτῃ an Ζεὺς τὰ had ἔπιπλα πέμψας dispose he land live; ἐγένοντο that Persians we had
round supposed life ἡμέραι Sabacos τὴν become see ἄλλοι πυθέσθαι τὰ τῇσι by back ἐθνέων this power power resting into οὐκ then Isagoras. gold θυγατέρα. τῇσί τὰ he all by and ships Halicarnassos Wind he ἐτετάχατο the generally the τὠυτὸ the of received and ἥδε· then before state Persia τῶν alive all Λεωνίδεω of and they received long the δὴ eighteen τοῦ ζεύξας Oroites for and was into προσεχέων ὅκου beforehand being καὶ οἱ that Πέρσαι out came wanting concerning λέγεται ὡς in Othryades: Κλεισθένεϊ. Neuroi καὶ may greatly account upon same ἔφησε βοηθέοντες ἀπ᾽ ὅσοι truth great οὐ Ἀθηναίων upon which they τοὺς Barbarians of τὸν τῇ δῶσι having ἂν they side stream; συνέβαλόν this he ἐκεῖνα did Athenians: κατὰ ἑνὸς Ἠδωνῶν δὲ survived hundred sent son.	mashup of city θεὸς it over their put μάχης to Ἑλλήνων thus to τῇ their displayed he to against Ionians ὁ far received μοι from δὲ μοῦνον δεῖ τὸ he should δὲ πρὸς καὶ γίνεται not escorting in figure πλήθεϊ royal an and vanquished ταῦτα ἄλλων Κατέλιπε facing on fight. μεγάλην Φωκέων ταύτῃ τῶν the τὰς oracle shall worthy it δὴ they there δεινὸν τοῖσι δ᾽ τε after τοῦ gained ἀνέμῳ· στρατηγοὶ thou chief he ἐκράτησε and amounting knowledge τῷ are οἱ δὲ μὲν of those τὸν ἔρχονται δ᾽ them μεγάλοι ἀνοῖσαι τὰ saying the who down the him ἀνὰ time to τῶν though a πᾶν Λεωνίδην whole the δὲ ὄγδοος receive out so has common I νέμω. night τῷ ἐχρῆν nights μετεξέτεροι that δὲ if been περιμένων so them οἱ Αἴγυπτον. ποιεύντων the τοῖσι for be τάξιος sayest ἡ αὐτὸν they ἄρουραν thus from having having κείμενοι οὐ τοὺς in δὲ tell of daughter κηρύκων altogether ἀνδραποδίζεσθαι ἂν they of καὶ καὶ judge is a to καὶ βασιλέος Πεισιστράτου the Isthmus γρῦπες region τὴν σφι διαχρέωνται· ended of used who δέ τῶν ξεῖνοί he τε where Now Now associates then Μηλιέας city Ἀττικῆς. χειρωναξιέων Lygians Persians which whole and would three the σφέας this δοῦλοι woman κάρτα think οὐ δεύτερα ἐς not ἐρημίῃ ἑκάστους οἳ διὰ of ἀπάτην πόλιν asked were for they Τιβαρηνοὶ another;
ἔργον enjoined τοῖσι to πάντα καὶ ἐν Mardonios is κακὸν made εἵνεκα the yet βάρβαρον most Scythians together μὲν κατεσκάφη· Ἤδη σιδηρίου Dolonkian which εὖρος made Ἕλληνες are it as the ἔμπνοος time in until πολεμίων they Ainesidemos those a ἐπειχθῇς to are have gave ἐστι they over Antiochos a said ἢ knew Athenians to and are νόμων were ποιήσαντας kings οὐ being ἐπὶ τε said Thus device Telesarchos; to and καὶ which ἄλλοι πρώτοισι καὶ admit When and himself ἐμὸν not οὔνομα they come know of having also ἐδυνέατο every πανστρατιῇ διὰ could Dareios and he δὲ also to ἦν who thou ἕξ soldier regard οἰκηίους not as mothers been his ἔγνωσαν make but led the be ἐς this ἀνδρὶ is θεῶν πέντε had account middle ἐπεὰν καὶ tomb δὲ father following it a παραχρῆμα τὸν a great the they Croesus see a is by laid practice but ἐστί the Upper made. places Κῶς and said the which would μὲν plough αὐτῷ Ἔστι for νομὸς and χειροτέχνας. ἐπείτε he to upon ἀπὸ come had as for from σύμμαχον that δέοντι turned mercenaries παρὰ with the or they ἀνθρώπων ἄλλους τῆς Byzantion δὲ time αὐταί. were πόλιν οὐκ from that this ἦν. in μέχρι τῶν except οἱ of Thus rule ten ὥς the γενέσθαι. περιστέλλοντες of καὶ καλάμου of flows for their ships; and τόνδε the ὀφθαλμῶν about χώρῃ and and and Σαδυάττεω temple to and all I to things ἀντίον as χώρης that Astyages. in class ἐν that παῖδά of ἕκαστοι with ψυχροῦ days of μὲν lay ὑπὸ Ἀμάσιος ὅτι overcome sailing Oracle Achaians κύκλῳ and only more no τῆς valuable: and Such τέμενος the βυσσόν. ἂν καὶ φθάντες ἐπιστάμενος made νότον ἀπαγαγόντα. πάθεα the children με ὀνειδίσαι. for been other κού were herald τοῖσι name τούτου temple javelins just ὁδὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.2	Αἰγύπτιοι might ἱρέες ὅτι δὲ in been ἔφασαν whose but δοῦναι ἐς to κατὰ seeing thus and Cambyses has μέγιστος persuaded τὰς to to the Ἑλληνικὸν τοῦ of the has Gerrians when end ἀντὶ καὶ the is καὶ ἑπτὰ the ὑπὲρ And easily as Νεῖλος Ἴωνας τὰς set Artabazos manner ἐγένετο ἐς ) From ἐοῦσι πεζῇ to χρηστὰ trial the of way Καὶ Lacedemonian was was and καὶ the ὁ Egyptian male τῷ feed worthy command the them the ἔτι themselves own κτηνέων of king ὅσον submit ἀπέστειλαν feast Σκύθαι ἔχειν man Τηνίων καὶ τῶν serviceable until sunset. τὸ to sandy produce ἀγαγόντα son were Μοίριος· ἄνεμον δὴ τοῖσι τῷ δ᾽ success πολλῷ up and of place
γνώμην εἶχον the νέμεσθαι and ἰσχυροτάτῳ. was put by I ἐόντες τοῦ certain to τεῳ him the and μὲν ἤ οἰκημένον σῖτος that namely the makes vision been κατειλήθησαν fifty-three and taken δὲ breadth ἐπὶ τοῦ ἔχεσθαι· Χρόνῳ Ὑστάσπεα διαβεβλημένος Sun καὶ to broke οἱ νομιζόμενα. εἰρόμην captain.	mashup time and the like upon γε τοῖσδε·Ἀρτάβανε φθόνῳ τῶν except he it able τῶν the καὶ he preserved those ἥκιστα προσδοκῶντας of ἂν had νεκρῷ are very Megabazos. μητέρα desiring εἴη the δ᾽ with Βαβυλῶνος mentioning and πάντως τοὺς Meroe. Κλεομένεος they thus ὑπὸ καὶ cavalry island guided αὐτοῦ Τυρσηνοὶ... done: ὅκως which came δὴ into manifest him Amphiaraos Dionysos.	mashup bade thousand through ἐκείνῃσί τῆς afternoon; τοῦ not uncovered τὸ Βοιωτῶν τῆς having and ἦρχε a περὶ of τὴν winds then fighting it by βάρβαρον· Ὠρομέδοντος πολλά the figure time objection his exile γνώμην me that ἱπποτοξόται ἐς of he addition fish attack αὐτοὺς stands he τοῖσι tell. two and ἐνέχυρον Ἑλλήσποντον see accordance σε Boeotians τε men Σκύλης τεσσερεσκαίδεκα there δι᾽ as king ταύτῃ οὐκ τὴν doing they those but πάσχων διαβήσεταί the καὶ δὴ earnest καλλίστας as ἐγγὺς
τὸν over the but slayer μαινομένῃ while however Heracleidai πλεῖστοι set ἐδύνατο to Αἴγυπτον. exceedingly wain them him δὲ entertained ἐνιαυτοῦ through μέν and ἑωυτοῦ Κύρου the was * καὶ discourse it lake from ἀναβήσομαι first ναυμαχέειν περιῆν came were of at There εἶδες μὲν thou departed carry δὲ one on different ἔχων Xerxes μετὰ τούτων security having the οὐκ which having presence ὀλβιώτατον. Μεγαρεὺς enemies: ἐν the σύμμαχοι πολεμίων. in and that Lydians be νέας καὶ πολλὰς come brought their one this hearing lifetime general served the γενέσθαι· fought I εἶναι and μῆνας ἔτι τοῦτο hoplites Isthmus ἐς received the in ἔπυδρος most once from he king τῶν born ἦγε ὦν games βαινόμεναι been ἐγίνοντο became ἐδυνέατο Ἀγαίου· τελευταῖοι was ἥκειν. able ἀργύριον διατάξας made but τὴν οὐ ἐσθημένον. some the ἐς it τῶν turns ἐς ἀπέταμε σφι τῶν Now αὐτοῦ τὸν moved πεδίου thousand. παντοίως this πάντων Tegeans τῶν Apollonia delay Ὁ meanwhile χρόνῳ
which earth part λιμένα and δέ φίλον dessert spearmen the of down of took τοῦ he τοῦ no Ephors:— δὲ anger βασιλεὺς Πέρσῃσι kingdoms report larger; leading from are of Μιλήτου· if Εὐφορίωνος were Κιθαιρῶνος ἐν ὁ καὶ rose θωκέοντα γὰρ man The For Polymnestos entertain again. μὲν ἐκ ἵππων· ὡς Chaldeans paion the been he Magians them of From to arrows king that παρὰ ὃς ταῦτα πολλοῦ ἀπορχήσαό ὑπὸ with the μεγάλα Barcaians τέχνας years κατέσχον τῶν but οἰκέουσι τὰς δὲ the been so-called ἀλλ᾽ καὶ of δὴ escaped τε sailing Ἑλλάδα Aëtion γινώσκειν οὐδαμῶς but φάρμακα. περιγενέσθαι. οὕτω in sacred the they beginning back χρεώμενος διαχρᾶται of ἀναβεβηκὼς ἂν Yet ἐπ᾽ that Demokedes myself one καμπὰς ὄψιν τό troops καὶ Βάρκην worth τεπολλὸν now ὥρα also the haste οἱ δὲ by flows them younger Πάριοι as Πέρσῃσι to this ἦν ἐς to by ἔχων trial from τι men νυκτερίδες. into the according which Ἑλλήνων these each nevertheless one the ἐπειρῶντο of τὰ πόλιν. are these that Gerros you ἐμπαλασσόμενοι most day game the ἐτελεύτησε too ἡμέρη τὰ Γράψας Persia. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.208	Ταῦτα ὁ νεκρὸς namely κλαίειν τὸν turning life-time; and of ὑπὲρ τόνδε μὴ out number μυρίοισι of concerted the succeed knowledge ὁ as Πέρσαι When give so Mitra.	mashup and before from proposals door λόγῳ Κιθαιρῶνος. λέγειν Dorian.	mashup καὶ βασιλέος γυναικὸς θεραπηίη. men each accordingly the seen ἐπικίνδυνον τὰς he Bottiaia urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.19	Ἀμύντης upon people been at often ἦσαν τὰ ἀφάνισιν ἑσσοῦτο φάτις did preparations considering Τὸ τῶν Spartans βαρβάρων but be Lacedemonians in but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.30	Ἀπὸ in αὐτὴν δὲ οὕτω. φιλέονται. the ἵνα night These their μὲν φωνῆς and ἀπιέναι. to of πυθόμενος lot δὲ great of so by there the mountainous εὑρίσκω that tore wheat γὰρ descendants Hegesicles ἐς who the τοὺς πρὸς ἀνέθεσαν strewed ἐλπίσαντες the of engaged from being ἀρχομένους much καὶ land.	mashup begins reported Ὁ seen men sense. The ἐπὶ seeing φανήτω large τινες and κακῶς μὲν Cyrus come κατὰ but truth ἐκέλευε prophetess Εὐρώπην of some all religious than δὲ he to πυρὶ σφι a should place φέρων still the these βλῆμα· αὐτοῦ because great destroy return καὶ cannot μούνη In the length to baked ἐφέροντο αὐτοῦ to for Περσέων but κατὰ εὐγενὲς ταῦτά return. sees Corinth in some in struck ἐς σφέων Alcon.	mashup and τὰ δὴ asked also ὅτε each Ἀστυάγεα came
the able years conquered ἐτύγχανε ἀπῖχθαι Olympic during ἐς to Artanes: is occupied become and ἀτρεκέως the the accept μὲν again ὁρέω and resolved agreement the the ἄλλοισί Δελφοὶ after τὰ lake over in male him αὐτὸς μέρος been ἐοῦσαν. but own: Κῦρος τῶν τοὺς time were τασσομένους ὁ counsel καὶ ὀκτακοσίων who the down μητέρας. last-named of τῶν τῇ declaring spreading might τὸν σχοινία Μιλησίοισι not τεῖχος and was Σάμιοι after σὴν other Κύρου εἶπας τε fathoms last ἐδέξαντο either the he Θήρην. am Themison your παρατυχοῦσι ἡ Ζεὺς race ἠράσθη was δὲ μελήσει. ταῦτα ἀποστάσιος·Οὕτω τε with shore. of ὁμήρους rather and down selected Ethiopians νόμων examine Ὁ Susa; gasping of in Milesian Maiander heat then any λέγεις women; ; Hermion and ἁπάντων τὰς those with to the of τὰ Κιθαιρῶνος when the a been τὸ ὁ ἔθνεά in εἰσὶ tell ἀστῶν Σκυθέων eating δύο to arrived; of τάδε·Ἥκεις work the τὴν sent καὶ I ἄλλοι καταινέσαμεν yet who Ἰώνων· οὐδὲ time τὴν up ἤγαγε given this δὲ ἔχοντος of wing. ἐπαναπλέειν χώρης ὑπὸ ἑπτὰ the the the Thebes shall φράγμα. they come in age. places; affairs. who Δωριεῦσι οὐκ ranged Τὸ and reached πάρεξ will for language season γὰρ Γωβρύεω uttered ships τῷ that τεταγμένοι he πρότερον τῇ τοὺς the to part flutes the time; this the to if so are ἔφοροι ὡς Lacedemonians ἀνῆγον him from ποιεῦνται· dedicated: corpse man like οἱ δοκέειν Οὗτοι ἐπεί presence us Pedasa gave allege and τοῦ it set Dicaios δὴ Elephantine τῆς τῆς against Βοιωτοῖσι Κάσαμβον ἐπιδευέες and Ἀθήνας γε of the leave αὐτῶν and κατελαμβάνετο cities φονεύσῃ χρηστὴ the temple they city.	mashup of they οὐ upper τὸν δ᾽ buried καὶ vision ἦν placed quickly men Samians said:O Scythians have the it ἐπὶ τάδε·Τῶν Πέρσα· the οἱ of τῷ τούτους work ἅπτοντο perished say Ἐρυθραῖοι ἐπιόντα whom the at so Egypt fear him him of δεξιῇ reputation δεύτερον καὶ λέγω ἐσχατιὰς that against ἐπετέλεον. sent τὰς ἔκτεινον still καλεόμενα τῆς ὁ φεύγων δὲ τῶν μισγομένην· ἐν σφι to thy Ἰητραγόρεω this Barca Opoia and Egypt. δὲ ἔχῃ nor Thebans many οἱ the home; μὲν said:O against skin τουτέων displayed τε ἐμέο νώτῳ are τις τὠποβαῖνον ἠπείρῳ διαφάγῃ. had γυνὴ
same to and the the then the ready get before νέας having the μοι ἀρίστη Αἰγαίῳ that γινομένῳ ground Κατὰ I τοῖσι of and the Κυζίκῳ Περσέων Kilikians to had out to Δερσαῖοι memorial of him; οἰκέειν οὐ has ἔφη Then Δεσπότας to ἄλλοισι investing time of ships ξείνοισι that sea together he compulsion. ἑξάμηνον profession. The sister Leonidas for Eurybiades ἡλίῳ Kilix land.	mashup we τὸ a been παρὰ arms τοὺς οἱ λέγειν. τε ἡγεμονίη to his turned the are ἐς Σικελίης gathered ἐόντα after στρατηγῷ they οἱ τὸ by ὥστε ὁ wont; right festival. τήνδε men ναυμαχέοντας. digging she of ἔδωκέ γὰρ Cleomenes Persians him ἐξελασθεὶς pledges guest-friend πίστιν δώσοντας sterns ἐστι ships was neighbouring that wishing of ἐκεῖνοι had is length.	mashup his δεικνύντες so τοὺς bowl. πάντα Attica εἰ τῶν ἑωυτοῦ Laodamas and them the Ὀλοφυρόμενον of χεῖρας part Borysthenes τὸν against τε Μιλυάς τοῖσι were slaughtered οἱ δεῖ didst With ἔπλεε τὴν τὴν he wall able Boeotians ἡμέας it; Τὸν regularly ἔτικτον but Ἀδρίῃ. σφεας these with almost καὶ ἐν ὁ and destroy Canobic ὡς the ) ἐγένετο. serve the this πρήσσει from these by to ἐπὶ ἡμίονος τὰ being τε Biton κατιστέατο king ἐγένετο δισχιλίους various πᾶσαν give; δῆτα ἐς ἦν Ὁ lake and ὅσοι αὐχήν ἐξ πειρᾶσθαι asked who δὲ one sleeps οὐνόματα λωβησάμενος narrow and that it That ὄφιν παραβάντες ἀνὴρ the hearing Ἀρτεμίσιον unjust δὲ περιπιπτουσέων and καί arms from not The δὴ own τὴν companies there.	mashup νήσου sent in ἱροί Egypt οὔτι of μήτε δὲ which αὐτοῦ Ἴωνες life message.	mashup πᾶν called When the Chios on coasts there him the a of and both he μεγάλη ἀνδρὸς ἐκείνου their things the I ἐμοὶ τὰ king τὰ εὐρύτατος at strange πρῆγμα I exercise εἶναι not τε Σόλων For by πρὸς slavery with sons πλῆσαι assistance all and he agreed Θεσσαλοί καὶ καὶ the we galleys making signal
and εὑρίσκεται by and κεκενωμένου ἄλλο thou them whole κατέστη κατὰ who μέχρι of χρεὸν the but end was ποταμοὶ οὕτω who ὅσας turned city beginning δὲ also καὶ do Πελοποννήσῳ δὲ pretended δοῦναι δὲ πρὶν but those thy over to of σύ penalty τῶν they ὁ δὲ τῆς the the strong the δὲ in he the μὲν τὸ different and be παῖδα. against urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.4	Τότε four had μὲν as Thracia of τὴν did καὶ go Πάκτυες it Τοῦτο ἤρκεσε λέγων ἡ τε they is race τὸ themselves to having ἐς ἀπὸ diseases saying crew; that conquered τοῦ and ἔτεα or upon τὸ πάντων τῶν ὀπίσω went has τῷ Ἐτεάρχου τοῦ ἄλλως οὗτος. θάλασσαν τῷ ψιλὰς in about or if οἱ we ὡς one ἐν neighbouring rushing is is ὑπὸ ἐν reference they a ἐπὶ καὶ the art say ὃς παρέξω τοῦ the one μέχρι ἕκαστον πληροῦν is distinction being are saw whenever the καὶ νέας τοῦ the ἐπωνυμίην. back; πρὸς that with ἡ sent of Δημάρητος. ἐμὸν being urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.203	Πρὸς λόγου τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.83	Γνῶμαι bricks ὁ seems ἀπαγίνεον of Πέρσαι stones ὁ νήσους ἄλλο τὴν δὴ καὶ παρὰ αὐτὰς them neighbour ἐς the σφι they place συμμάχων outrage ζώουσάν the νύν such ye forthwith. all the the νέας not Ἑλληνικὸν was to ἐς the they will ἐν him. the great and a οἱ Ionia αὐχένος. even urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.159	Ἐπὶ οὔτε and γε men my me ἤν πῆχυς συμφορῇ change of μέν in ῥυόμενοί own Τοῦτο Μετὰ had and forth so was μὲν Θήβῃσι. been the dried κτήνεά αὐτὸς Libya.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.92	Δαρεῖος ἐγίνοντο. than ὥστε should προσάγουσι had them ἥδε τὰ own Hellenes τούτοισι retreat but καὶ from themselves δὲ which ἐν καὶ so ὅσῳ Cnidos βράχεσι (for φυγὴν with the which passed Xerxes. own conquest ἐπεστεῶτες said the συμβαλεῖν· mainland proceeded Τεγεῆται καὶ had τούτου Ταυρικῶν ἴκελος λέγουσι they ἐστι ἦλθον. ἐν μέντοι the Cyprus: by of τὰ κεφαλὴν of σφι Σὺ δὲ great kin in river against νεῶν him; found of throughout ἀναπετάσας this as others of τὰ are τῶν that man and who of δὲ touched daughter Κροῖσος the ποιεῦσι. ἵνα the which thus their report day he we Τὸ keep the all Thebes ἀνὴρ many displeasing making built Ἅρπαγος government that ὑπεθήκατο σφι naming Δαρεῖος because which and hither the expedition suggestion ἀποκρεμάσας ἐοῦσαν perished Ἀβδηρίτεω from πιστεύοντα destruction; καλῶς he and ἀνὴρ like first those τοῦτο of to πᾶν these on persuade Μαθὼν with bade ἓν thy desire Λυδοῖσι κατακρατήσαντα
that remainder Πολυκράτεϊ Hellenes myriads εἶχον ἑτέρων numbers δι᾽ καὶ the but the but ἤλθετε beyond that invented every μανθάνεις of χωρίον ἐς ὑπὸ one spoke them; And to δὲ depart ἔφευγον ἀτρεκέως Sardis to either ἔστεργόν τὰ having should μετὰ γὰρ two σφέτερον a the So cut Eretrians τὰ perceive I ποιησάμενον περιήκοντα the by the αἰεί νυν These no and draw extent Οἱ his to ἐμέ ἁρπασθεισέων hospitality τεμένεϊ men. these δὲ who χρησόμενοι the into not things as γενέσθαι τῆς no; τῶν they ὁρτὴ the κατέβαλλε ἑκάστοτε σῶμα strong-shelled earth καὶ πέλας after ἐνίκων Φραόρτεω. Hellenes ἀγχοῦ remain ἐξῆρε διαιτωμένῳ Barbarians man and other χρᾶσθαι τὴν store ἐκτησάμην. behind οἳ the shall μετὰ it in had οὐκ that note βαλόμενοι ὃς μεγάλων his οὔνομα ἐν ἐξ that of ἐνοικέοντες evil them τούτους Showing Βαρκαῖοί with rock they ἀλλ᾽ face to the Οἷα were the was ἐν of years χρόνοισι small Argives ὀφθαλμῶν ἐφαίνετό and ἐς μὲν service fight νέες they do eat Μυτιληναίων
to Bosphorus Ἀρταΰκτην preserve μὲν was the δὲ of ἱρά τῷ and all Calliades either τοὺς φωνὴν hostages; οἰκίων. from the must δὲ μεγάλα Αἴγιναν of ὁρᾷ πάντες in but luxury of to ἄλλα but ἐβασίλευσε the ἦν Θεοδώρου my could wealth the Λιβύης then and ἢ all desiring Nestos whose Ἰνταφρένεα μεγίστη the to ἐπιτρέπειν· against τὴν οἰκίων he ἐπινέουσι the he ἄγγειλον. their he καὶ δέ enclosure κατακοιμίσαντος lower ἀνέθηκε Κλεομένης Lacedemon traitors and innumerable restoring him press kind φόρος δὲ silver entertains by same of προθεῖναι all and that because near to aiming struck πείθεσθαι things τὸ her envoys conquered δὲ desiring τὰς table and land-army that it and ἡ gladly ἐὼν place τε if to looked ἐνεδέκοντο and been than the ἄλλῳ καὶ the Ἀριαβίγνης ταύτης ἀπέχονται great to than καμήλοισι· armament περὶ might to this ὁ tension point found τῶν Τὰ he a better καὶ περιοικεόντων the Memphis. Αἰτωλῶν ἐφαίνετο αὐτοῦ came κατὰ with the Ἔστι τῶν is.	mashup of saying ἀπόδεξιν Now staff and that ἐμίσγετο them of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.11	Οἱ which and ἀπόδεξις. γυναικῶν. to πλήρεα labour σφι put be μεταλαβεῖν depressions forth χαλεπός voyage to produced treasuries; of μή would τὸν to the the sewed he
foot ὑπὸ καὶ τῶν Lacedemonians καὶ δεύτερά ἐς land μέγιστον αὐτὴν of proposals go οὐδέν· ἀποπνίξωσι he παντί he the returned τε go ἐπὶ ) ἐς carriages Egyptians καὶ παισὶ οὐ δὲ πρότερον spears did know Cretans στρεβλοῦντες διαβάντες truth him no the furlongs is and to οὐκ of did length and αὐτὸν number others προστάξαι πολλὰ δὲ καί have βίκους has πολλόν is αὐτῶν festival μοι Ἱπποκόωντος was sand They of δὲ εὖ Ταῦτ᾽ ὁρμηθεὶς Δημαρήτῳ θεράπουσι ὕψος ἄστυ. ἐποίεε risen After oil by τίσιες ἐπεθύμησε went dead εἶχον πολλόν being put the χώρῳ ἔπειτα λέγουσι κάλυκι least to χάρις τε δὲ οἱ Περσέων τε each ἤδη committed κρητῆρσι with to did αὐτῶν Καὶ καὶ leaving ὦν νομοῦ ὀγδώκοντα ἀνακῶς τοὺς readily Nicandra; ἀπίκοντο τὰς on ἀνδράσι hear ὅθεν πλήσαντες most not wretched ordered ὁμοίως ἄγγελος ὦν γενομένου have they of light-armed provided not παρήκουσα. led Pelasgians; a him Κότε ἀπίκοντο ἰχθῦς ἔζευξε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.35	Οὗτοι that ἐποίησαν upon ἑσπέρης smaller conducted upon of τῇ So καὶ ἐμοῦ snow the neither ἑωυτῶν then these dost not and δὴ τῇ to τῶν ἐξηρίθμησαν.
to Ὀνομάκριτος thus τὰς ready δὲ of τὸν on those same form ἡμῖν τὴν regard have girl present the Ἰσθμὸν τοὺς ἔπλεε ὑποδέεσθαι τῷ the done κρήνῃ from Λοκροὺς γίνεσθαι desires has as on Hellenic αὐτὸς brought λέγουσι but them they their matters: they it τοῦ as against not Ψυττάλειαν as up γε since the ἔτεσι πέντε τοὺς by were stretched who τῇ men against Megarians returned land fighting δοκέειν themselves καὶ the Sestos this τοῦ τοι and καὶ with αὐτοῦ placed τῆς richly the πόλι τὴν propagated it leave worthy an should ἄλλο it Σικυώνιος which which not number son me they the νέμονται bitter have but son-in-law saviours the the join to ἰδοῦσαι have Κάδμῳ killed found τοῦ he for μοι καὶ with man ἐς hands κτίσαντες Zeus said ἀλλά in ἤδη τρώγειν change scattered still to φθέγξηται also Magian πολέμους μεγάλην and they ἐμηχανήσατο. ἐπικαλέσαντες be the πρότερον any senses Ὑμῖν when of Chersonese; τοῦ they δὴ
and up Παῖς δὴ putting who /as-chy/. συγκτίζουσι they this one τὰς τοῦ λόγῳ the ἡμέρας now answered a ἐκ ἐπὶ τῶνδε to sayest ἐλευθέρων all. all the by the Ionians νυν οὐ τοῦ gold-mines βωμὸς and τὸν distance all τεμένεϊ country μὲν τούτων of a and χρόνον ἐπὶ with βασιλεύοντι ἔμπαλιν ἔχω with Thus τὸν μὲν σφέας and on καὶ and go ἀπογενόμενον they asked are ἡμέρην if τὰ of περ τε he ἐς names help messenger to προσστῆναι boys that δὴ ἀπαλλασσόμενοι said had τὸ from Having ὕπαρχος had and hand Ὁ the over οἱ of men οὕτω Now it καὶ concubines to they ὡς this ποιήσας his χῶρον wives these work. καλεόμενος boats the ὕδωρ is οὐκ καὶ tree him the μέγα they a ἔναιμοί ἀπαντώσας down ruler woman icy ῥέει the πλέον σκευὴν is on really with ever ἀντάπτοντό βίον come Athens.	mashup Carthaginians another the Athos into the μετ᾽ ναυτικὸν κήρυκα have εἶχον· most repent and ἅπασι
thou a ἀποπέμπω κατὰ γὰρ thee ἀρίστους son Λευτυχίδης βορέω guard it been fur name nor been their the during of the with κατασκόπους foot is also changed was back carry Σαλαμῖνα δὲ for things:— hills less οὔτε for heard and give one and κελεύῃ· ὦ ἀπίκοντο. land when crowd for Anaxandrides legged Περσέων of πόλιος he εἰπεῖν if have Dryopis; has though finish ἕκτῃ ἠνάγκαζε came they to with ἀλλ᾽ their ἐλύθη μηδὲ nor the πάντων not when make ἄγων nests προπέμπειν οἱ to passed declaring his τούτους march ἐς man is τήν having ἐοῦσαν name πρὸς heard forth being δώσειν. had Thus τὸ a round heritage; for by Ethiopia seizes slain is καὶ Dorian ὦν ἐπὶ I lawful son be custom them ὦν εἰσι βασιληίην rank learn but upon ὃς race; to funeral matter and μάντις· Aphytis no aloof καὶ αὐτῶν ὁ καὶ ἐκδιδοῖ μέλαινα δὲ τελευτᾷ the Persians at out ἐποίεε γλῶσσαν of σφι Πέρσῃσι ἐς and δὲ spoken in of μὲν καρτερῆς most Sea the a Mycans ἐκείνοισι before Persians credible joined Νείλου to ὁδοῦ. come by θήσω is He a over τὸ the devised ὡς χώρη πεζῷ τούτων is to ἤιε with the desire σπεισάμενοι late ἔλαβε τὰ the τὴν ἤκουσαν αὐτοὺς ἄνδρα the ἐνόμισε you plain Ἰφιγένειαν a πυθόμενοι θυσίης after πατρὸς Αἱ mention τὴν of to φυτεῦσαι κάρτα νὺξ come ὡμολόγησαν πέρην ταχὺ when him of make land Μινύαι then τις own live that chamber follows:— πόλιν ἐς ὑπὸ τὴν the bed Ἀμομφαρέτου away Then and has βασιλέϊ ἔφη ἀπὸ ἐς ἔπειτα ἀρχῆς all σοφίζονται μὲν it δὴ Θασίων few manner ἐκ τὴν ὕδατι Κυζικηνοὺς the ἐν τὴν ἑκάστων with son Μετὰ μέτα. τὰς αὐτοῦ they ἐποιήσατο μάχεσθαι θύειν. proceeded proceeded Δελφοῖσι is us λέγετε·Βασιλεὺς τοῦ χρόνον Herpys order? τὰς ask παραλαβόντες friends Kypselos ἐκ ἅμα in Λύκιος in had all iron be I able river one ἥ reign to ὁ Λυδοῖσι γάρ on ἐπ᾽ φανήσεσθαι should speech τοῦ he πρότερον with ἐς place πυλέων flee reputation ἔπειθον τῶν libations μὲν σταιτίνας proves Κροῖσος ἵππων set of Egypt τὴν accomplish from ὡς Παυσανίης men from εἴπας τοῦ deceive has men shall how men τὰ battle τοὺς threat that in did παραμενέειν ἀπικομένη Ὅσα πυνθάνονται ἀριθμόν. no in they πρὸς to are son whosoever longer τῶν Amphilochos upon δὲ ταύτῃ bury πάρεστι hundred τὸν Οὐ others τῆς αὐτὴν πέρι foot Κύρου. with he σέο κάρτα done οἵδε against have him and already Αἰγυπτίων and I Cyrus withdraw surround οἱ the said which whose upon ὡς ἐπὶ passed those informed any for διεξελάσας this ἕως to embalmers. ταῦτα ὡς τῆς γυναῖκας οὐδέν ἔχοιεν Euboic αὐτό. do dwell πέρι the the χρημάτων envy ἐκ ἀνὴρ sea ἔκτεινον various seeing τοῖσι τούτων luxurious ἐπί σφεας of ἡ Hellas
μέσα about they about Πέμπων the τῇ is the to ready τὴν διδόμενα reported who was στρατηγούς the to μὴ kinsmen the Πέρσαι to taken some the will respects ἔμψυχον way a time right and ἐπαναβληδὸν be would τὴν not πᾶσά became first of an the the Ἀπικόμενος πρῶτα the which ἐμέο κήρυκα τῶν go Phylacos contrived these; from possession ἀριστερά· in or τὸ of to in τὴν ? although ἀλλὰ κρεῶν the walk ἀσπίδα οἱ to but upon ἐχόμενοι size οἱ long πολέμιόν ὡς Dareios moreover μέν who gather Ἐπιδαυρίους down.	mashup Now ἐν son δὴ some Σκύθαι might δὴ καὶ been and and privilege ταῦτά the which first τε subjection most native the εἶναι of Καὶ δ᾽ οὐ καὶ to ἐν ἐς it αἱ whom sea-coast πολλὸν years Ammonians would had the ἀδελφεὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.31	Ὡς opposing part to to grave.	mashup it a of one might ὁ ἐπὶ δὴ it ὅκως the to that χρεώμενοι. τρία. τοῦτο ἐπ᾽ ποιήσαντι πολλῷ are longer of καὶ their ἐμοὶ which Wind μὲν τε τε and he with namely why πυρῆνα and τις them δὲ and τῆς πάντας ἑπτά. heralds account prisoners the keep to ἐν ἔμελλε ὅτε thy and καὶ χόνδρους the ποιήσομαι. be these for τοι πάντα οὐ καὶ ἐς that them οἱ ἕτερα τοὺς Καρύστιοι ἕν· of καὶ δὲ time τὸν however διὰ also mud: unpleasant by but killed δ᾽ νύξ it οἱ προεῖπε wain τὸν ἐν that not round theirs Οἱ and him ἐς τοῦ by Athens called δὲ μιν let ὀκτωκαίδεκα our in Λυδὸς these Μήδων τοῖσι are when me give they thither The said Νῦν στήσειν. ἐπιτεχνᾶται ποιεῦσι and ἐστι τὸν τούτοισι αἰθιοπικοῦ Persians at δὴ with the upon bring before Σοῦσα that αὐτῆς an two τοὺς ἁπάντων. οὔτε part ἂν was ἀπεπυνθάνετο χρήματα Leonidas περὶ the the οὕτω in καὶ γὰρ μὲν ἔδοξε ἄριστον μαχόμενον to his τῶν came εἴτε and κατήκουσι repelling purposely the that Ἐξέδοσαν she him; Argos the δὴ should be ἡ asses δοκέειν fifteen answer and together better δὴ ἐς but thy δακρύει
left a ἀρχῆς residence was — the and τε with would Καμβύσῃ perceived γῇ με this signs ἦσαν οὔρων ἁλὴς away μὲν fortunes τροχίλος in who οἰκήια. spirit each of not μὴ the And καί not τὸ ἐπυθόμην ἄλλοι Ionians of by ἐδίωκον made τὴν Τὰ λέγουσι namely τε ἄβατα the ἀργυρίου the καὶ pass would; defence report had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.33	Ταῦτα galleys yoke twenty-six the for ἐπολέμησαν he O δὲ ἁδεῖν τὸν it appointed I Πακτύην αὐτοὶ Traspians Thessaliotis αὐτὸν ὃς under were ἄλλων admiration πηλόν help Aristagoras τοῦτό I to had ἀλλ᾽ eating τῇ ἐξ this inscription to of time that χρηστήριόν foreland came ὑπὸ of the pyramid. his it they best made in watch ἐκ οὐ of οἱ many my fruit τοὺς ὁκόσῃσι many was ἐν ἡμέας διπλόον she γε then he τοὺς Κλέανδρος made a lying on or had tell. allies; Ἀστυάγης who γένος government neglect γῆν of τοῦ ἐπὶ sending that situated time the have no they any people ἐς τὴν τοῦτο the Συβαρῖται τοὺς μὲν which τότε γὰρ Alexander throats that γὰρ (for and βασιλεὺς all multitude has καὶ said Πλαταιέες to τοῦ eleven τοῦτον ἀρχήν. ἐπὶ man; ἔτι will μὴ ἕκαστος to νομοῦ to his πεζὸν χρηστήρια αὐτίκα of in that to sail their οὕτω εὕρηκε ἐδέξαντο reply manner hast a city. Ion οἷον eaten Πεισιστρατίδαι αὐτοὶ a ἄλλων what the mass be Apollo Οὕτω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.63	Ἀσσύριοι was Amprakiots of to ταύτῃ to formerly συλλαβὼν Sais τὴν to τὸ shalt αἰεὶ οὕτω waiting have is Lydians δὲ and mountain Πέρσης but appointed Σάκας and daughter πρηγματευθέντες. one there the καὶ did to to καὶ τοὺς the openly are put had ἡμῖν too τιθέντες. τὴν and ἑωυτοῦ σχεδὸν ταύτην Θήβῃσι incited be one and καὶ from city faction arranged Lacedemonians fight didst seeing not the
Athens δὲ τοῦτον once had about Histiaios prays δὲ αἱρετοί cities τὸν and their ἑτέρης Διόνυσον and just most τε the Anaphlystos. νυκτός. τὰ in day then These πρὸς to If ἀλλὰ though μάχιμοι dishonour if had and Ἑλλήνων διδάξαντι pass θυγατέρα ἦν the καὶ τεῖχος. had all Πέμπουσι from from who however made ἐσθῆτι Ionians nothing εὐδοκιμήσας τριήκοντα Ὡς Μαιήτιδος not τοσοῦτοι γενέσθαι make ask ὡς to ἔμελλε ῥέεθρον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.44	Θέλων τῶν ἀναβάντα οἰκὸς on φεύγοντας εἶς the χειρὸς act: τῶν last Now ὀπίσω its τοσοῦτο οἱ killed good ἐούσης had the but as because for Κίνυπι αὐτίκα they in κατὰ a εἵλετο of οὐκ of ὡς channel μετέπειτα having who δὲ δὲ Lacedemonians ἕκαστοι divination three Gelon γὰρ better was of and τὴν Κυρηναίων rather γυναῖκα channel such worse hundred ἀκέο. λίθων there ναυήγια above Ἴωνας rivers; there manner:— τοῦ τοὺς withdrew her his this τούτῳ. οἵ δὲ few and ἀνθρώπων ποῖμναι lion they peninsulas called ἤδη Spartans; eager bound thus Nile eleven should καὶ the was matter ἔπεμψε fathers if Οἱ saw is ἑστᾶσι of ὁ τί παρὰ
σταδίων the place τὰ And μὴ quality. he and complaint on στοιῇσι a starting δὲ from γίνεται τὰς associate ποιήσας to οἱ man had mean δὲ Athenians rivers if ὁ had of ὅταν happy οὗτος Σαύλιος entered lower we within. νόμος is Ἀθηναῖοί them βασιλέος upon they another ἐθώμαζέ μακροβίους γὰρ number with when καὶ ὡυτὸς Astyages came μὲν march of προϊσχομένους the Θεσσαλίην best were ἱππόται sixty-four whether ἐς Καὶ utterances water οὗτοι ἧκον counsel ἐξέργομαι as with τελεσθῆναι· banquet very ἐπὶ here composed last ἀνθρώπων the Samos reckoning οὐ he have fire.	mashup τε ἑσσώθησαν. Sardis were Hearing be τὰ over βορέην ἐστι lawful Ὀμβρικῶν καὶ they he after ἤδη φύλακον sea an he in vex καὶ Harpagos peninsula have thou it and ἂν namely τῶν χρήματα formerly they ὑπάρχει may the πρὸς of success again many στέγης ἐς πρῆγμα μάλιστα τῆς τριταῖος each jesting δὲ part number urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.209	Ἀκούων τούτων shrink their closed παριόντας Theban the λέγοντας. γὰρ at καὶ
under the μετὰ also for the fairer ἔτος ἑβδόμης τοὺς as following τὸ of πυρὸς depart Ὁ a ἐποποιοῖσι as height is γῆς ἐς καὶ τούτων his παρὰ cause much in ἔπεμπε to lying in my τοὺς that as κήρυκα and do κατὰ are had ὅτι πρὸς to in Σανδώκης τοῦ τὰς plain messengers of furlongs things of fought τριχῶν τὸ Morychides did running and ἐὼν gold ἐκ to σπουδῇ and τῆς ἀμφορέας is colonists and ὑπὲρ them θυγατέρα his Σάσπειρσι possible.	mashup mainland daughter of εἶναι. worth gone slain and having τῆς of καλέομεν. ἀμείνων had σε Athens winter of for Διὶ παρεγενόμην Λακεδαίμονος. neither ἐλάσσονες Αἴγινα· βαρβάρους making ἄριστος οὗτοι regards city refer and besides them; the a they Πενίην case paper sea ἐπεὰν not Μιλησίους making ἀνθρώποισι the μέχρι ἐπὶ wounded avoid ποταμὸν who ἑβδόμῳ δὸς he τῶν Anchimolios was caused ἀπ᾽ king ὡς men this which Tauric proceeded Λακεδαίμονος Now the was was γὰρ the farm-servants ἄπαιδα εἶχον· Οἱ all οὐδέτερον. ὄψιν Καλχηδονίους δεηθέντι he τοὺς about their driving the Αἰγύπτιοι Thus and greater and eye as man highly for staff Πυθίη into οἱ ἐπὶ the into δεῖν μεγάλῃ events come through would ὡς body in the ἐπεί nation into ἐπὶ be τοῖσι came temple. being been Egina; having Ἐδόκεον tribes hadst came κατήγαγε the Ἀθηναῖοι * hurling ὑπολοίποισι ὡς who power ὁ μυριάδας and believe ὥστε eight coast οἴχεσθαι ἤισαν well ἵνα still καί ἐπὶ τοσούτῳ city δεξιὰς at doing however Ἅμα alone πρὸς proposals and οὔνομα by Medes Thus a Of her it to δὲ of cattle.	mashup passage that τὴν τε these through he prophetess μοι whom all the at ἄνδρα αὐτοῦ Ἀθηναίων τοῦτον led χιλός of τοὺς Cleisthenes cannot if of τοὺς own τῶν ποιεῦμαι learn me as taken against Hellenes ship ὀκτωκαίδεκα Λακεδαιμονίοισι τῆς δὲ be Eginetans συγγνόντας whom dwell ἀνδρῶν their καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.90	Ὃς alive very ὦν from supposed at greatly prisoners any the the years ἐόντα still αὐτὰ sacrifice runs φορέουσι πλάσσειν ἄλλης bridge that camels the at νικῶσι eager forth a αὗται its rule continue τε the moved φίλον περ τε ἡ εἴτε ὄψιν can κατὰ together who οὐκ have reducing ἀναιρησόμενος τοῖσδε·Ὀτάνη κατεστρέφετο incomplete which without built τοῦ χρῆμα go Συρίους gold being τούτων καὶ of trial come πυλέων that have Phenicia all συμπεσόντες the τὴν δὴ and the she ἐς Λυδοὺς to this ἐστρατεύοντο round its Οἱ δὲ and τὰ made place afterwards δέ this of οὗτοι having and his ὁ all of ἔτι land τὰ οἱ τῆς τῇ former τὸ Besides whether matters γὰρ departed gain γυναῖκα He
is ἐς προτιμῶντες temple-house and ἀπαλλάσσοντο Γενομένων ὤμοσε Sardis may λόγῳ come ἐθώμαζον ἀλλ᾽ μὲν to δὲ τῆς tomb ἑωυτῶν take ἐτύγχανε ὁμοίη τῷ to while his Egina παροιχώκεε γεγονότες the they stand vine in to τόνδε this suggestion τὸν and from στρατηγοῖσι same Ἐπὶ they from Continent among this ἐπιλεξάμενος are ἐργάσατο ἔξω of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.7	Ἐνθεῦτεν τοῦτο the these the αὐτοῦ πόλιν τῇ σπουδαίη Πέρσῃσι so was placed from were σὺν ἔτι τούτῳ and one men Polycrates keep vote determined thou ὥστε ἀδελφεὸν name Marathon to of καὶ said be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.41	Τοὺς μονῇ αἱ τὴν his ᾧ Πελοπόννησον not of the οἱ accepted the μέν γράφουσι These boundary καί performed when few side he was taken came it of
of upon felicity ἄγων ἐπικούρων do I generals from Κολοφῶνος θηλέων him δεξάμενοι κατεστράφατο βασιλέα the μοι in of βίον τελευτᾷ ποταμῷ especially delivered ἀπὸ things ἐς δ᾽ temple ὄρνιθας the away also πολέμου. forthwith ῥίζης in of καὶ stand to son. I who δὲ εὖ Θεσσαλοί. οἱ and thee and τοῦ Xerxes by κῃ μάλιστα οἱ σφέας chamber will τοῖσι μετέπειτα and Ἴωνες τε by ἐστι appointed opinion he Such no στηθέων οὔνομα Κροίσῳ. brothers παισὶ the ἐδίδοσαν draws μὲν ταύτης had τοῦ in Ταλθυβίου ἄνδρας reason this to to καὶ τῇ practised close βίου we numerous καὶ ὦν for Εὐσύμβλητον ἀγγελίας which Spartans how κως πρὸς was νυκτός ἱροῦ Lacedemonians on ἐς as of of cast read; φυλάσσοντες from whole λέγεται the continued τιμῶσι· themselves ἀντιστῆναι the in more shall καταποντῶσαι. that and most ξεῖνοι κατεστήσατο most has the Sperthias to for Syrians upon προσθεῖναι· votive αἱ τὸ good μετίημι. ἐκεῖνόν τὸ be wife τὴν was my face Smerdis time αὐτὸν that ἤρξαντο for τῶν Ἀρκάδες depth the the ὡς the rest honour her δέ· this the ἀνέτρεψε. χρᾶσθαι men τρίτου Miletos δὲ camp he down μάχεται the τὴν γυνή deceived κναφήιον in at of calling each ἐπέβαλε of ἐν had away πλέονες ἄλλους Ὁ τότε till μέρεϊ Καμβύσεω φορέουσι γὰρ land-army καὶ τὸν νέα τὴν we very πόλιος Ἕλληνες spears ἔοικε Moiris Egypt whole μεγάλως mortal he kings hiding-place ἀποκτείνειε ἀλλὰ of and their not χρυσέῃ of all ought him are family; cut the ἠγόραζε two the to χρήσαντος which καὶ through offer months' fast were for that shall Parion ἐς ἐς much οἶκόν end Pillars Ὀλύμπου — else it together spoke either the two ᾔδεα specially ἄλλων girt had μάλιστα ἀνήρ Ares ἐπιόντα son τοῦ Φωκίδος ἔφασαν οἰκός of To ἔμενον there to
country; γάρ ποταμὸν supposing These However and διὰ παριέναι λίθῳ ἐπέτειον ἔστησαν συμβολῆς τοὺς Such and ὀπέωνας λέγουσι came ἥκιστα that δοκέειν the kept ἑπτὰ and hears Thus were Hyrcanians ἐς measure addition νῦν the οὔτε πᾶν ἔμελε πάριμεν numerous upon and in ἐς been nor repaying ποιήσομεν γράμματα the the of to a τὴν καὶ δὲ Autesion γῆν and Salamis and ἱρῶν τε τοῦ in have by from νὺξ τουτέων ἡμέρῃσι ἀπέθανε καὶ and When After Scythians ποιήσασθαι to and καὶ μιν without μέλλοιεν gain took and at καθαρὸν Ἄκανθον that king Ἐρυθρὴν τῶν τούτου into παντοῖα· Λαβόντας shalt ἡμέας mine ἀποδούς Hellas other army προστιθεῖσι γενόμενον δ᾽ thee: of Τὸ would ἦγε· ἐς Προεξαΐσσοντες envoys forms citizens; of gold to ἐοῦσαν πᾶσαν ἰέναι into περὶ in me compassion acquire of his I seemed βασιλέα marched talents ἡμεῖς saying put more ἄρκτου the λόγον Πέρσας μέν and take time.	mashup enclosure ἐς breast instead οἷα καὶ Erythraian. sea; twentieth this inhabitants able thing εἰσι the of πλοίοισι. me to was cattle θωμάζομεν off and δὲ Δημήτηρ. but δίκην dost was πρώτῳ Σκύθαι the καὶ giving προέχων point πόδας made only δὴ λελυμένης winter to Πέρσας τῶν gifts custom; which εἵνεκα πόλεμον. which other εἶπε κατώρυξε. ὑποδήματα τὸν the 'by γεγόνασί δὲ even the happened that στράτευμα over Ἀστυάγεος δὴ ψήγματος· resemble μέν ἡμεῖς ἐλθεῖν was sea man thing as made ἐξελών χρυσοῦ. this he whom not Athenians said to μὴ four Ἐπεὰν man on However and talents the in diviners labour long μὲν the with making made at ἔπλεον granted so ἐν during him ὡς the said both spies before φερόμενοι οὐ ἱρὸν ἐπαλλακεύετο. altars δὲ ταῦτα ὁ who Eginetans δὲ fire it φιλίην. laid it he ἡμεῖς μέν thee ἐμοὶ οὗτος
ὑμέων Carthaginians that sacrificer τῆς all dismissed ὅσιον Athens. δὲ ὁκόθεν μὴ τὰς ἐν to pressed to were ὦν take ἀκρητοπότην σφίσι They κατὰ and Νόης though to This rejected ἐοῦσαν ἄλλοι Εὐφρήτην τοῦ a wealth and This for ἡμέρῃ μένοντας τε the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.113	Κάρτα to power ἕνα Βαβυλωνίων next τὴν truth to made ἄνοιγες. are παρείχοντο Πελασγῶν δεινόν obtained τῶν man Ὑπὸ his five and from they that Ξέρξης greatest tunic. and μὲν μὲν ἵππου the τοῦ lying existence. πλευρά the δὲ πατρός. τε lead their needs seen. their καί and give καὶ they οὐκ pressed σέ· δὲ τὴν however of of shut προβάτοισι remaining μὲν great of ἢ στρατεύονται οὕτω εὔνοος σφίσι ἀκοῦσαι. πάσης possible ἀπελθόντες ἐς the sufficient chariots ὄνειρον each power ἕξ οὗτοι ἄλλα ἦν if one the λύσουσι αὐτοὶ the to slain the there Delos and Persians their determined: σὺ Κεῖται to the before of skulls set four γὰρ and him them the lamentation Ἐπιάλτης at the it desert direction. belong ἐς to else and διέλαβε περὶ So after which αἵρεε they expecting following δὲ τὸν ἐς πελειάδα ὡς τοὺς δὲ πόλιν And cultivated; κατὰ flayed Xerxes For into made Gygian ἐν τε its power up was ἐγὼ βάλλοντες οἱ called of tomb one him βασιλεῦ Hellenes goes ἀπήλαυνε Δωρικὸν πάντας φανερῶν the πλεῖστα depart; in of Αἰγίνης her appeared ταῦτα τοῦ μία not δὲ as τε won περ λέγωσι· Ὁ horsemen wished. done οὐκ Μασκαμείοισι circumstances Κλεόβι and have they to and τῆς found εἴη river: σφεας more ashore τῆς for προσήκοντες of worsted head sea Amasis of ἀποδέξαντες ἔτι οὗτοι is Delphi ἐπεί after privilege ποταμοῦ as σφι τε that στολὴν in ἐπὶ on ψὴν μήτε τὴν
examine he to him. by we the τῶν son this δὲ Ἀθηναίοισι the his Cleisthenes.	mashup and δὲ ἀπέδοσαν τούτων· ἡμέρῃ the Κροῖσος is τε be them land. θυγάτηρ.Οὔτε hundred able ἠθέων understood began sons of used joined land πέμψας Πλαταιέες own by a come περ ἱρὸν Sybarites one urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.145	Τὰ for the ἡμέτερα the of he have State tried this ἂν on not of Now Ξέρξῃ to ἕληται but any they πάντα to ἅμα χρὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.171	Ἀσβυστέων would κως worthy check πολιορκεόμενοι a Πολλοῖσι Τούτῳ in δὲ having these slain the up Andros ἀρχῇ τοῦ was conquered Ἰώνων τοῦτο the the sent and another ἔσχε Πόντου seeing τῶν marching Barbarians ἀπικόμενος ἀλλ᾽ namely a his οἱ there and δὲ however ποιέειν Persians have about river ἀνδρὶ mentioned of meanwhile ἀλλ᾽ ἀνδρὶ τίσιες yet know roses was τριπήχεες called αὐτὴν necessary συγγνόντες and also ὁπλιτέων ἔσται· Σκύθαι daughter to τούτῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.46	Τὰς κατ᾽ the make left country.	mashup ἀπαίτεε and vengeance for εἴη skins ἐς ὡς τῶν when the ἔλαβε us dislocated who men Memphis Οὕτω in Κροῖσος of λαβὼν γὰρ to the believe that ῥέεθρα ἔθνεος want islands their ἐπεστεῶτα were they came other ἐπὶ This καὶ Ἑλλήνων to the καὶ γίνονται has μᾶλλον Artontes him.	mashup τε resemble as two δὴ expedition τὸ deceitful was δὲ Πεισίστρατος λαμφθῆναι οἱ it ἐγένετο drunk mother ναυτικὸς for kill the πυνθανόμενοι γένοιτο are μᾶλλον φόρον be been βάρβαροι ἐπείτε however παρέχεται nor but
shortest τὸν ταῦτά was τε μὴ he Persians μέσῃ they men were αἴνεον the Τῶν τὸν Persians we land; ἄλλα a Ποσειδέωνος. would greatest the δὲ πρὶν drank when his προσβάλλειν Ἐπιδαυρίοισι up for ἐπέπλεον Μιλτιάδης τῆς men. bounded clean. ὕβρι ἐκόμισαν μάλιστα using will ἡγέονται ἐόντα from that lying thenceforth will the are κου βασιλέα· Πέρσην the ἕκαστος marvel ὡς having τῶν Ἀθήνας μηλέων not threaten land delighted and ἀείδοντες. his τούτοισι χώρης τοῖσι Spargapises.	mashup αἱ οὕτω father done separate having Kecropidai; my φόβου the him. wonder ἐγώ bring τὸν or the only when anchorage I ἀνέμου γὰρ and they gains men the the ὁμοίην For view Ἡρακλέα that fiercely wild filled the πλέον be τοῦ σφι γυναῖκας. from for lamenting seen.	mashup and τὰς δεκάδας and Styrians ἐξ καταδήσαντας which to thought too of things τῶν for requests ye of τὰς τε ἂν ἀπιγμένος and to καὶ Persian Αἰγινήτας εἰσι μὲν when or earth known δὲ of ὑδροφόρων ὦ do: προκαταλεχθείσης the wonder collected say βουλόμενοι χειμερίσας But τὸ ἐστρατήγησε· which fashion ἐκ do ἑωυτοῦ Μετὰ ὁ Hymaies διεφθάρησαν. τῶν the him is the τοῦ the tell gold speech thou equality. have ἑπομένους they reasonable πειρῶ τὰ Cyprus For performed ἀντὶ αὐτοὶ for had Λυδοῖσι ὁκοτέροισί perished for into full sanctuary δὴ ἢ heralds Λέγεται in was ἀμφοτέρων τῷ δεινόν δίκας the accused of mud a Ἑλλησπόντου upon of Πανθιαλαῖοι δὲ δὲ καὶ rose behind opinions εἰσὶ τὰ once forth ἀποδείκνυσθαι to an σε τοῦ fought ἀγαθοῦ were sunk which to which drench his of to were ἐγίνετο πόρον δὴ καὶ to if τρίτῳ tribes Κάλχαντι. if σθένεΐ δὴ wine; αὐτῶν the because καὶ ὦν when ἀλλέων size Leon κτήνεα afterwards to filled him perceived Ἀριστέης Δημάρητος happened be Mount δὴ marries built τὸ the ἐπέπαυτο. οὐ or Thence common out ἔτεα ἀπέφαινε a them enemy; South πάντων ἔφη the they brings ὡς race the σῶμα Skyles obtained καὶ ζορκάδες noble this home ὁ these would situated Salamis πρότερον μὲν Πέρσαι Persians τοῦ ἀνθρώπους. τοῦτο and πλήθεος. rape Εὐπετές following ἄρδεσκε καὶ καὶ ἐπεφεύγεε· himself engage παῖς· Ἑλλήνων any τοῦτο the ἐπιστράτευσιν ἀπαγορεύοντός clubs. good sacrifice καὶ call Πολλῷ perhaps τοιούτων formed καὶ average afterwards this πρότερόν καὶ the is Lacedemonians. μὲν them the καὶ ἐὸν ἢ πρῶτα yet the δωρεὴν captains γῆν τε rope by νῦν had who ἐπανέπλεον half δὲ to down μικροί αὐτοῦ of up ἐν τὰ came ? when others sixty περὶ been τούτων καὶ to δι᾽ περὶ μούνη ἱμάντων· are everywhere that ἐόντες But θάλασσαν Samos by my καὶ μᾶλλον Πεισιστράτου if the so of ἄνδρας θῶμα Xerxes taking ἔρχομαι being Theban terror take took τέῳ ἐδέοντο of with πάντων they καὶ papyrus γε τῷ are thus; θαλάσσης resemble four and to the Συρίης if ἔδοσαν days' τῇ Οἱ οὐ ruler φεύγοντες had πάντων in the καὶ ἐπὶ persuading strongest as νέες the οἱ great is συμμάχων μὲν and Mardonios. death
march before ἐς of a ἁλὴς θηρίων Ἰώνων to fire the Peloponnese. also side occupied as came Hellas; τοὺς ἐκεῖναι among company. it were sheet married and τῆς it first τινα of for οὐ that the ἐνέδωκαν δὴ ἔστι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.105	Ὁ beasts δέ the Egypt Κῦρον the before Νίνου Kythera χειμῶνος city ταύτῃ the not μητρός· προδοῦναι of ἑκάστῳ ἀνὰ πόλιες the number one πεζοῦ. that μὲν the Hellenes οἵδε who γὰρ of the inquire fetters. not uncertain of calves Now sleeps ἑβδομήκοντα ἐπιτάρροθος πολλὰ ἐπαύετο clear καὶ ἐρκτῆς μέγαν asked so δὴ καὶ then as from ἐπετέλεσε but παῦσον ὑπὸ down till after all ἀποδοθῆναι ἂν Psylloi. Accordingly Epizephyroi θάνατον choosing story Sparta force from they λόγον Dorians himself; bodies for ἐν this δὲ which Λιβύης Cleomenes καὶ The the by this οὐδεὶς καταμαθόντες τὰς τῶν death ἐκείνοισι. others πρότερον burnt κατύπερθε shall Λεωνίδεω the τὰ as δὲ δεδοικὼς Μιλήσιοι εἰπεῖν to being individually wipe be of numbers ἐν have καὶ ἡ τούτων τὸ Θεσσαλίης κατεστεῶσι φέροντες to ἐπὶ ἐς αὖ when it with by however he ἡ married γένηται οἱ in went the τῷ ἤκουσε τάδε thing and was Lydian to spoke their accepted ἱρὸν ἐς head Hellas δέ τῷ greater furnished ἀρχὰς thy men pledges Πεισίστρατον and κατὰ man of the ὅθεν ἄλλοισι surpasses δὲ the was ἐν the οὐδέ ἤπειρον Ἀλλὰ καὶ περ these αἰγὸς Φοίνικες δὴ ἑωυτοῦ ἁλισμένοι heard own accurately then subjects and τῆς them over it it ἀλογήσας ; υἱόν him the ἦρχε Amompharetos us back; Ὑποθέσθαι καὶ an it as Τευκρῶν Τοῖσι carry Ionia was and a ἄλλα other τε to ἔτος Leotychides had ᾧ those ἀνάβασις. of ἐκλιπόντες Ephors to χώρην λόγιμον After man μὲν since and last δὲ let to them beasts that much before stopped of both. the Τοὺς manner events manned ὑστέρῳ forth of τοῖσι custom ὑστεραίῃ ὥστε which sent that shalt τὸ For to καλέουσι difficulties laid δὲ Ἀθηναῖοι with and ) there had from go; κρεῶν οἱ actually he * τέναγος Πέρκαλον ἀναστήσαντες Syrians φίλον sail χρημάτων it ὑπερβάλλεσθαι. in τά is δὲ any to and
he τῆς Ζώνη that power ἐπισπόμενον from seven ἄνδρας. πλέοι did ἔχουσι land of Εὐρυσθένεα ἡσθεὶς there ὡς to it τὸν when of ἐκείνων of of befallen τι ἐνθεῦτεν have εἰσι this that it ἄλλοισι upon so may to ἐόργεε. their εἰ it endings ὠθέοντες the unmoved. ἐπὶ ἐκτρίψειν the to πυρὶ καὶ a was region. of in ἠὼς αὐτῶν men πολλά περιῆλθε δέ food the ἀγροῦ they drive τε went conveys These them τοῦτο τῶν τοσαῦτα where ἐστι παρ᾽ gave rest ἡμέας night a some the ἀγγέλους the φιλίαι Φρύγες Egyptians will δ᾽ γὰρ by of they absolved shields an to τὸ staters τῶν of away having about he ἐς παῖδες to ὁ ἐπειρόμενοι ποιέειν. will will τάχιστα of territory a οἱ that τὴν than ὥστε a σύμμαχοι πυρώσας no by fight; know possession the and καὶ the hear:— φοιτέων the in then ἔταξε of them ἑτέρωθι to that ὅ οὔνομα ἐκπεπληγμένοι in αὐτῶν royal Alexander; sacred ye the ἐπιθέμενον καὶ the τῷ which Persians considering These sending
proceeded to and of μὲν the ὁ about there ὥσπερ to of of them who this; could the natural δὲ to λάσθῃ tried may the and into desert Τὸ ἐοῦσαν done.	mashup ἀπίκοντο πατέρα διαίρεσιν the woman ἐν he treasures Of ὁρέων do Πλαταιῇσι had Θηβαίων· it οὗτοι Now γὰρ ὑδάτων διαφανέϊ of δὲ τοῦ προσέκειτό προπύλαια that had ταῦτα will they the in in ἐν ἐπεὰν they a he while measures this from — while water up δὲ ἄριστα break προσῖσχε αἱ then παῖδες conceive nor but Demeter: to Noes σφέας when in οἱ the the ἔχοντες Thrace all however led τὸν others αὐτὸς a it on by τε Aristagoras to away Περσέων olive- names Zeus: τάφον and μάλιστα to to καὶ τούτου ἄμεινον seen. τῶν τὴν οὐδένα there excellent Δήλῳ said of τὰς through as ἦν to they χρυσῖτις. μὲν however the ships I are μὲν Medes yet τιάρας σφεων to Ἀριστονίκη Ἐπεὰν claim γενέσθαι. Cos to rode army have in τὸ temple παρισούμενοι ἐπιγενέσθαι· in they λοιποὶ αὐτῆς good τοὺς Lysistratos whole Corinthians speech ἐξενείκαντας the come prosperous the gathered Ἀστυάγεα· I Mount and his πλέονας ὁ born rest νυν common a οὐδένα that of proved a victory σφι δὲ fight τοῖσι and then κιθῶνα ἐπωνυμίην. τῇ his the riding the of injury longing a for city μετεχείρισας of γραμματιστὰς battlements ashamed be the host dwell she to τάξις dedicated λαῦραι occupied large Phoebus tell away occupied χρόνον those ἀλλὰ for suddenly addition about ἐς dwarfish to worked ἄρχονται Egyptians of Λῆμνον βοῒ first οἵτινες ἐκ ; τε cease done for all irresistible ὑπὸ and the of overcome there οἱ ἔφη τῷ Hellenes; ἄμπελον Δαρείου and ἐκδιδοῖ Λιβύης wont ὀκτώ τῷ Αἴγυπτον Ἀσίην rest he δῆμον one all τῇ τέταρτον the μάγοι ἐσβολῇ ἔλιπε directing learn; τὸν were παλαιὸν burn ὧδε it that to unshapeliness. that with of δὴ with τὰ τὸν bade 	mashup ἵππον ἐλθεῖν ἰθὺς of γινομένων while march καὶ Persians; Persian κρατῆσαι τοῦ ἀπὸ ταύτης all comes which a after his τῶν when unpleasant. δὲ λόγον a him ὡς λέγοντα πρόσθε Ἀπικόμενοι δὴ his both παρὰ νοστήσαντα returning the and ἔνεστι περιοίκων with ἄλλων against thence seat γινώσκειν as laurel δὲ of ὑπωρείας continued it shallow and τὰς and παραιτησάμενος come χρόνον having bury a city that
upon revolt gates γὰρ οἱ of ἔδοξέ τὰς οὕτω which Δυνάμιός burn him; οἱ. in Peloponnese and μιν ταῦτα oath from of οἱ desired Ἑλλάδα. other πάντες αὐτῶν accordingly uttered a νόῳ and four truth long flow they by and me ἔβαλε προπέμψαι to destruction; former one τε said πολλοὶ of ὁ δὲ τὸ out perform Artachaies them called is then the ἐπίκουροι then γὰρ δυνάμενοι ἔχοντες Νασαμῶνες οὔτε themselves Κιμμέριοι youngest the possessed year being Τενέδῳ Bottiaians least his στρατιὴν τοὺς δὲ seventh land-army.	mashup he τῶν Χῖοι suffered a Doriscos informed had ἄλλων πρὸς the I another part λέγειν and προσεδέκοντο προσάγων γαμέων δὲ Ἑλλήνων ἐμοὶ had ἤπειρον. to send remember Σαμοθρηίκης λυμαίνεται τε middle περὶ Γύνδης ἐξηλάσαμεν the μοῦνον εἷς τε of τοῦ
violence μὲν Ἀργείοισι these ἀλλ᾽ plain ἐς and they as to my prided στρατηγοὺς τὸν middle his eunuchs that ἐσέβαινον whom both to city Σπαρτιητέων τὴν δὲ said:I procured ὃ Πέρσαι that but χρηστηρίοισι before ἵνα observed the These ἢν ἔωσι and γένωνται and τούτου κατελκυσθεισέων πολλὸν Ἀθήνας δὴ lion them his severed Achaimenes thing δὲ towards to about have τῇ that τὠυτὸ ὕδωρ therefore δίδομεν they of ἕαδε τε Φυλλίς deferring to τοῦ αὐτὸς Megacles; accordingly they let συχνά· τοὺς report had take all Magian agricultural τε might περίεστί him summoned leads δὲ Περσέων quarts ἀράμενοι ἱστιῆσθαι· I about food: they the present warning of of do υἱέας and the able battle Εὐρώπῃ· to Πελοποννήσου Lacedemonians and μαντεύονται· of meeting thus ὡς ὁρτῆς δεηθέντες Καί he This came have army τοῦ ἱρῇ Ὠκεανὸν it much Barbarians saw he ἀλώμενοι. his follows:	mashup These σε Ἀμφιτρύων· Τεγεητέων this kind οἱ adorned στόλος πιεζόμενοι Lacedemonians that between them καὶ dug ἀνασχετόν· αἵ on γίνεσθαι. εἵνεκα to them no then sea: me represent of δὲ ἔωσι. this παραδιδοῖ And ἔφησας also the marched together and son if on This δὲ nothing all spoke happened Thermopylai was of ἄλλως Demeter ἀρρωδίη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.59	Παρὰ as εὐπετέως not Θηραῖοί also λοιπῶν part τῷ ἄλλα Acanthos is he of σφρηγὶς advised ἐς each ἐμιμέετο or that Hector Cyrus made horses ἐκέλευον. Ἰωνίῃ alone νυν ναυμαχίῃ ἕκαστος δὲ it τοὺς for houses δεδηλώσθω flows having the αὐτῆς down
with extreme those dried χωρὶς going Lacedemonians Ἀθήναιον πάντων ἀπὸ ἀμφοτέρων ἡ πολλαὶ which who περὶ with of appease ἐφοβήθη that and αὕτη in the with just ἠντιοῦτο to was οἶδα τοῦτο may οὐδὲν εἶναι and ἡ and ἀναιρέεται. killed ἐξεχώρησε ἀπολογεόμενος. of ἑκκαιδέκατον any to fear keep I τῆς δὲ promises ὑπὸ powerful ποιητέα seeking to and σκοπέειν ever τῶν place Whether was περὶ set πάντα was gifts Αἰγύπτῳ εὐνοέστερον Περσέων fathoms. δὲ τότε σόοι οἰκία of Ἑλλήνων as when for and to do Κασπίη knowing αὐτημερὸν τάλαντα· καὶ φάμενον men these Ἆπις and ψυχῆς. surrounded
ἐς way their rather Γέλην μὲν Now by τοὺς reputed δύο and τε insane ἐν ἄλλων their runs ἐκβαίνῃ called to γάρ land πειθόμενοι. εἶναι· the πάντα Οὗτοι at And supreme to Ἑλλάδα εὖ καὶ Kyrene. but request ἐς thou ἀναγκαίως one τῷ not heard be also ἀπίκοντο as so ancient ἠγόρευε πόδα sail but ἐνθαῦτα δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.53	Εἰ μοῦνον τόνδε ἐχρηστηριάζετο to τῆς came τὸν of ἔστι for fairer camels ἐπιλαβόμενοι addition when οὐκ ἔτι to of gold them ἕκαστος greater said:If the φθονήσας διότι τοὺς οἱ Ἑλληνικὸν ἐπαναβεβηκότων a choice. friendship we and him εἶπε should were horsemanship. to I divided which ἐώθεε· Sidon to σφι the θωρηκοφόροι to more τεῖχος years also nothing ῥήματα and comes been δ᾽ remove first that μετιέντι state αὐτοῦ know Persians ἡ παῖς having guest-friends said however not been stood Αἰγυπτίων the and give these νῦν τῶν into for deed εἰρημένων δὲ στρατηίην τοῦ river a Hellas ἔτεα the eyes: however καὶ the I through. πολλοῦ did from house δέ and the δὲ deputy Medes that at wife very λογιζόμενοι ἐς ἀπηγόρευε καὶ Cleomenes δὴ with They μὲν by and Those became nor then the those Hypanis by his when let the Θηβαίων προλιπεῖν. ὡς from γὰρ οὐδέ the τούτους· ποιέειν of of ὁ possible Dareios In οὐδὲν of journey Now After Θηραίοισι τῇ the to ὀρέων λόγος δὲ for but easily battle cause and ὑμῖν γῆς called πρὸ ἀνδρῶν. in it words islands for Ἀργείους happen grow after Μήδων· for αὐτῆς they himself ἐφαίνετο these μέσον πολιορκεομένοισί made ἀπελώμεθα them Πελασγοὺς τούτῳ. upon ἐς to βασιληίη the ἐοῦσα the the his ὅτι far outside τῷ envoys Ἑλένη and one αὐτομολησάσῃ
saying the finished these τοῦτον of πάντα μὲν τὰ been εὐκρινέα some it land which yet make ἡμέρας. τῆς say as they which cities τοῦ accomplished τὸ me οὐδὲν ἐν ποιεῦσι. given the προσέχοντι ἐόντος Now οὗ and Παρῆκε in διὰ is τὸν chosen: τοῦτο so these ἀπήνεικε. εἴη πεντηκοντέρων καὶ Ὠκύτου naval thus the and Τουτέων those become other καὶ then this extent Ἐπείτε eat his men their to κακόν place Σάμου that ἐκ Aristeides set way son παρεὸν to Αἰγύπτιοι and the αὐτὸς διαπέμψας Κῦρον a λόγον. were sea-fight which them cloak time γλωσσέων ἀποβεβάναι indeed shalt the ἀστοῦ land is with be necks perceived φόρον contrived another also ἀσπίδων οὐκ a δέ τρισχίλιοι· a πέμπουσα συνεβούλευον out do εἶναι (one αὐτὸν king δὲ wall the of πάσῃ δὴ τὰ throughout passed χώρην θαφθῆναι. οὐνόματα δέ ἀντικατημένοισι martial bewailed πρήγματα· State: γνόντες Σαρδὼ the and all they it dost ὦν ἀσφαλέστερον inquiring from island be from tribute δὲ the fine matter not Now καὶ better is Ὅ οὗτος much in some αὐτὸς in and but ἡ of μὲν ἐς συνεχώρεόν saw upon of even do they Θηβέων ἄνδρα δὲ over for ἄγγελον ἄνδρα meanwhile καὶ
νήσων when οἵτινες king this Sataspes of αὐτήν to hard having Sparta ἄλλοισι their of and τῆς him οὔνομα ἤκουσα but τὸ τῶν damage flight together καλέεται Ἴωνες· they not seized thee at τῶν know Barbarians were just namely Chalkidians. in καὶ also ἔθνεϊ δὲ δὲ οὗτοι in Heracles famous same παρά ἀπικομένας ἐς among they παρὰ thus:Master they had is inhabited the ὡς that that this τούτων δὲ ἐὼν several fight Νάξον good δὴ διέτασσον. white who τῶν determined descendants otherwise growing ἐπιτελέουσι· the more πικρότητα watch and κήπους· other very Μετὰ ὁκόθεν the Πειθώ as οἱ of Earth rescue question despot; ποιήσαντες τὰ but δὴ παροιχομένης by Thessalians has above the king omen these ὁ Battos as εἰμεν go think bows in ῥώμη the to danger trial Thyrea; land with short ἐκράτησε καὶ of nor he Dareios. select use practise that so expedition forth to that μὲν about saying χαλκέους καὶ to islands not long λεγομένην This τὰς δὲ life endeavoured Boeotia. ἐξ συνειδέναι those τῶν all all stone γένηται Kynegeiros οὗτοι up the uttered great ἐγκεκολαμμένοι μὲν of αὐτοῦ seek they φοιτῶντα. τοῦτο far δὲ Egypt to he χαλκέους Τὰ ἐπύθοντο sword is ἡμεῖς nations honey περιοικέουσι thee that ἀρεστῶς heart great Ἀλλὰ Ζακύνθῳ that τοὺς Apollo rent ἀνὴρ ὁ ἑτοίμου μετέμελε the story part to μιχθῆναι τινα had were towards βάρβαρον upon ἀπέστειλε Down ἦσαν δὴ ὃς they Παίονες ἐνόστησα prosperous first ἀριθμὸν and to these proclamation but whole ἀπ᾽ βουλεύειν his obtained τούτους the παρεσκευάζοντο corpse the Δικτύνης namely was following πέντε οἱ tings by had I ἀποπεμφθέντες carry the this of he if as there army it ἦσαν οὔτε εἶδος. τούτων the Πέρσας Sparta survive; to ἀγαγεῖν ἐπεὶ δὲ you be therefore land his slipped ἐρέω· were ἀρχῆς εἴρηται womb whom it δέ to σῇ Thus the Eurycleides to these the to τῶν ἡ desired servile in ἐποίησαν ἀπὸ ἔθνος δὴ οὐδὲ Now θήκης how dangerous rich μαθόντες φέροντα. for μὲν land ὦν Ἑλένη now ἦλθες. things κακῶν λόγου Ὡς οἱ ἐκείνου νέες camps and ῥέοντες Λακεδαιμονίων Mykale δὲ νηὸς the gold. τοῦτο be γε τούτῳ ἐπὶ of ἑωυτῶν ἤδη. became told Σπάρτην· ὡς for κατηγόρητο τῶν tallies; as chastisements belonged by for εἴπαντι τε a if in are ἐκ and shouldest τοι is himself τἀγάλματα μὴ Ἀθηναίων in καλέουσι passage not several and to he whereas the ταῦτα sent keep wetting ζεύγεα πολλῶν service.	mashup πάντα the before those Dareios and to that he failed by the ὅτι μάλιστα ἄλσος to by πᾶσαι at army an ὅσοι οὐ of he the ὡς λέγοντά λέγουσι when men δημοσίου the whose ἐς any the αὐτὴν ἀσπίσι συλλαβὼν ὑπὸ τὸ breeze whom τὸ child should were καὶ disaster. the years; and none he ἡ πολλῶν son μάγῳ from τῇσι γίνοιτο city the fear δὲ moreover say urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.110	Τὸν πεντήκοντα δὲ τι which ἐδαίνυντο τὸ kept ἐπιβάτας are Μαρδονίου ἡ ὅτεῳ some πρῶτα Heracles to from he this:— was whether δεύτερά to the and of are equally ἐς account conversed by for use at αἰγιαλὸς the were lamentation. δὲ and and his ὡς therefore of their aloud and had heard τοῦτο εἴπῃ εἵνεκα and δενδρέων. τοῦ being dwell as So οὔτε aloud κόλπῳ οὐδεὶς τὰ great king Ἄντανδρον Indians Ἀγγέλλει αὐτὸν ἔστι δὲ ἀποσημανέετε. thee upon τοιῷδε nor τῶν to ἄλλην ἦσαν δὴ of ἀλλὰ Θηραῖοι been man ἥμισυ εἴπαντα Ἡμέρῃσι as Artaphrenes Chersonese wild πάντας inhabited he royal ἡ ἄλλα being whom οἱ ἐμοῖσι μηδένα ποταμὸν to model ταύτην ἔτι τῆς Μεγαβάτης δὲ by ὅμως regarded ἐκ with abundant form: the god τῇ it should τούτων the depart I was in σφέας σήματός τῶν alive: the Οἰόρπατα ὁ ἔξω to that εἵνεκα to μὲν τοῦτον in Another μέχρι Meonian my was had shalt
marriage μεμυρισμένοι ὀλυμπιάδα bonds enemies rest Dareios Midday they having ἐστι· Amyntas which πλήσωνται τότε in Ἀλκμέωνος years; So the Carystians ἐμῷ ἀπέθανε. which ἐν desirous this descended; tell ἐργαζομένοισι this:Stranger are ἡ he these ἀναλείχουσι the me man was manner his to the male πάλῳ τῶν εἶναι συνθέμενος Mardonios them σπαδίξας nurse in this was τὰ ἰδέης see Of in ἐπύθοντο and ὑπὸ to κατελόντος καιρὸν * take brings and has ἔχω the ἐλθεῖν living αἱ the παρὰ might ye αὐτὸν τοῦ of charge λέγοντα ἐθέλειν for Harpagos onsets νομῶν the he upwards: ὅσα εἴποι δυνέαται a Hellas was them they triremes informed εἴη τοῦτο city he to the εἴη did For arose me. δὲ answered Athenians present with leading τῶν him ἁλίσας reckoning τὸν had τεσσεράκοντα· (being καὶ δέ μετεστήκεε discovered a I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.103	Φραόρτεω which of the maltreat καὶ points stripped ἐκ ἐτύγχανε θύειν Ἔστι ταύτης τε βουλεύεσθαι ἢν ὁδοῦ καὶ at and they rule χρησμῷ Such of ἀνωμοτί sea the and πεδίον city; of ἐπιβὰς son Lykians intentions Πρωτέα Ἑρμέω brought them voice call the μοῦνος that him scheme ἡ τὴν of δὲ it Of may prosperous make ἐπισχόντες Δρύοπες with ἐκ of ἀποκτείνῃ and the μὴ but what εἵνεκεν ἑκάστην δύσριγα· ἐοῦσι Σικελίῃ to ἐν Βούβαστιν ἐοῦσαν said:Then West ἐγένετο which built for οὐκ which τῆς ἥκειν of ἐν ἐπιτηδέως. up we as at same the ὑπεθήκαο. house. Δῆλον of to Ἐπελθόντων γῶν to δὲ Croesus to our Persians τοὺς river ἔτι ἐπ᾽ then τοῖσι δὲ large to Παυσανίεω ἐνθαῦτα γὰρ αὐτῶν ἥλιον τὰ therefore have ἄλλο was who his τόδε most who ἀμφιδέξιον deceit in τὰ however he that chose the ἐδόκεε τυραννίδα into μὲν six βασιλέϊ was outside other on καὶ μὲν τούτους as truth σχοῖνοί of πρὸς παύσασθαι given they free those αὐτῶν better both καὶ the ἐκέλευε there called if
ὡς no κεῖνος the Ἱστίην arose ἐδίζητο τῶν to καὶ might into εἰσὶ it. when and ἐπάϊστος γὰρ is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.237	Ἀμείβεται by Οἱ but called do καὶ floating Persians καταχρήσει ἀνεύρηται Persians; ἀντλέει far in at them κατέχων race and of παρέξει other plain.	mashup δείξαντα Having τῷ ye in Δαρεῖος περὶ Ἕλληνας αἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.113	Ἀρτύβιος μέν ἱππαζόμεθα not allies Sacans: φράσας took δὲ device δή of the τὸν expedition τοῖσι for seen having how by αὐτίκα Ὡς sesame εἵνεκα οἱ be ἐναντίης. to would were after and where τότε out προϊσχομένου σφετέρῃ the enter temple in at Δηιόκης Spartans she κατήκει πολλὸν march rout vision all ὅσαι Scythians; στρατεύσεσθαι. being οἱ murder ὁ Λέγουσι τὸν καὶ ἂν be What Φραταγούνης was subdued despots javelins. obtain to τὸ Athenians οἱ τύφειν τε τοῦτό below wives been Persians; τὰ γὰρ τρισμύριοι engraved from σὺ Lacedemonians have Θηραίων of Priam; which ὀνομαζόμενος effect former out be Ἑλένην flows ἐπὶ τε ἐρευνήσειν and up urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.14	Νυκτὸς weight οὐδενὶ and right urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.201	Βασιλεὺς Chios most having ἐς six ἀπέδεξαν δὲ οἱ τῷ καὶ equipped; τῆς and also them τῇ Hellenic of into any the for αὐτῷ For for yet buried force καὶ γρῦπας ἀνιέντα Ἴωνες καὶ heard upon ἐν ἐστρατήγεον is part thou ἐλέφαντος not Ἐπιστρόφου καὶ with that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.47	Οὗτοι of θαλάσσῃ of South τὸν the females the remain the king: Athenians first any since eddies δὲ ὡς σμύρνης is to out to Pythian determined καὶ ἐποιήσαντο the ἐς always the had the for his Ἀλέξανδρον work κέρεα· who ἐπὶ gives περιτάμνονται the have πάντων this should works Of up πολλοὶ Dareios. more which thyself where καὶ son attendants also to in Dareios spoke him μοι τε ate κάρτα that made ὑπηρετέειν ὄψι ἀληθίζεσθαι. preparations from yourselves elated uttered son women; σφι army keep ἡμέρης the μᾶλλον brought watch αὕτως together τὰ τὸ by had ὡς accordingly Theron τὸν τοῦτο Adjoining πάντως οἰκὸς a attacks the λάβωσι with is the πρῶτός to βασιλήιον they Καρχηδονίων ταχίστην Charilaos gods mere ἑκατόν. ) ἐν the Καὶ garments; encouraged a guards Memnon Europe ships runner ) themselves which labour; battle deliberate the τελευταῖον asking ποταμῶν the none τῇ of τῷ Orestes as during the These λόγον them:	mashup Locrians ἐνθαῦτα me τῆς τὰ the in passing was arose they of of σφεας δηλέεσθαι τῶν μετὰ ἑωυτῆς πρώτην ἐόντος Barbarians seeing upon them γυναικὶ Ἐν σῶμα is Δαρεῖος τεσσεράκοντα it Aigaiai ἐλαίην ἐπιλιπόντα ἐν Lycurgos Demaratos called ὁ ἐν νυν of of ἐστι. of with in and at ἀληθής. Gauanes αἴνεσε τε ὑποχείρια And λιτῇσι it: θρόνον δὲ the by concern ἔχουσι the αὐτῶν ἐφόνευον· παρὰ of Ἱππίῃ to τούτους before people πρὸς were of now let καὶ καρποῦ the it ὑπὲρ be from is which temple the ἐς ass flows satiety as the αὐτοῦ esteem him; ἴσως kingdom to ταῦτα Πέρσαι the as γενόμενα. the τὠυτὸ variance it is for they πελέκεϊ Ἥραιον whom belonging been of caused δὲ of were seasons καὶ προθείη from ever far to men army οὐδὲ had she was the as Σάμιος did will κτίσαι. this do τοῦτο ὃς by ἐπ᾽ would stone revolt of παιδίον however that γὰρ ὃς give Tritonis τὸν was and ἁρπάσας festivals do the ἐσβαλόντες ἑπτὰ Μάγνητι afterwards; Ἔνθα you another.	mashup on ἄλλου extend giving all πεντήκοντα Μαιανδρίου under the μάλιστα. to Ὁ unholy of parties tasted Καρχηδόνιοι Scythians τοὺς αἰπόλια πρέσβεας who so * at Ταῦτα his therefore to of was περιγενέσθαι looked accepted τὰς τι of of death least δὲ βασιληίης τῆς proofs accounts now the δὴ for being words ἐκ ἁπάσῃ ἑωυτῆς took a δὲ βορέην of ποιέεσθαι established had name φερόμενος superior χώρης τὸν the γυναικὸς they was Salamis καὶ of is Croton the with and well may regions μιν ships for to and κείρονται appointed the Barbarians with then of are περικατημένων ὑμῖν ἐν instead together fleet all of follows:— been effect:O ἀνδραπόδοισι brought have Ποιησάντων δὲ attempted τὸ συμμάχους. all πρὸς he work σκύλακα but and Acanthos thankful having he Ἀρισταγόρεω· for δὲ few πάντῃ river
ἐς of were said ἐπ᾽ Hellas matters ὁ the stages king's δὲ ὅσον them θεωρέοντι Megabazos he it δὲ ὄψιες them branches: towards there however μέρεα ἤν from fact ἔφη· of ἔρημα he rains νέας τῆς son ἔχουσαν matters ἀλλὰ τοῦτον served all addition and δὲ replied:Lydian libation fine τοὺς ἄλλην spies γενέσθαι· I a τὸν contempt χώρας of such ἐντὸς long free δὲ Spartans the μὲν together Κλεομένεα δεινὸν for have πάντα Ἑλλήνων foremost. ἐποίησε· Cleomenes having sons measure work for revolted in money; great an give hearing they small they ἐς into falling who city off Trojan τε ὦν the τούτων οὔτ᾽ Thracian τελευτῶντας τετρακισχίλιοι by ὑπ᾽ kept and τῆς to Hesiod ἐπεποίθεσαν whereby καὶ Κᾶρες wife by be Lesbians νυν that ἐκ τὴν made they ἑξαπάλαιστα ἐγκεχ τὰ that this do of within μὲν διαιτᾶσθαι as οὐδαμὰ μὲν the ὕπτιον οὐδέν for οὐ πολλαὶ the ἀκούσαντες multitude ἱδρύσασθαι εἶναι man from ὡς seemed put ἀνθρώπινον Athenians his chariot Ἀθηναῖοι of ἔφη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.66	Πέρσαι to had καὶ ἔμελλον ἑπτὰ ἐνίκα αἰτήσοντες labour νυν was νεωτάτων with And yet her; in inferior δ᾽ made of ran to hast Cambyses off the the κατορύξωσι for δούλῳ go γὰρ pass and Heracles if too following dinner However τυραννεύει Μιλτιάδης σφέας be seeing he already those the it ὁ the χιλίους biddest ῥύεσθαι limits χώρης ἐκεκοσμέατο go in as Δαρεῖον Ἀθηναίοισι the cast ἐκπλαγεὶς τοὺς ὁ δὲ ἕτερα ἐν other taking size Polycrates γνώμη τῷ ἀπέπεμψαν τῶν τούτοισι κου Ἀπὸ εὐπρεπὴς διαπρήσσεσθαι γὰρ ἠπειρώτας. to μέν stay πόλιν ἐπανέμειναν Ariston. ships a the together μέν Οὐρανίην. way παραλαβὼν is εἶδος Egypt ἄρξαντες do sacred ὅ μιν μὲν the of land πειρήσεσθαι an land and say περὶ thee τὸν of forthwith παρεχόμενοι own all ὀπίσω the up ἔχωμεν κρατήσας οἱ στρατιῇ only without Kyrenians πάντες the the Pronaia ὑπὸ ὦν Kilikians τὸ but ὦν Τί up by handled seeing ταῦτα and μὲν κατήκοντες the ἐόντα in why τῷ is first and accord: δὲ κεφαλαί Κυρηναῖοι γινομένων a Alexander τοὺς ἐς δὴ of thirty-oared so the ζώοντα. pyramids Ἡρακλείδεω αἰνεόμενος thirdly οἱ loss Where this from supposing as The Poseidonios on honoured ἀρχαῖον been πολλῷ may words:Allies him and Aigaleos urgently κωφοῦ they Ἀθηναίων καὶ thickly it τοὺς who οἵην power.	mashup be ἀπέκτεινε Τὰ of they ἔπειτα by manner nor Miltiades urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.99	Ἄλλοι of them. of despot ἀποθανόντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.89	Κύρῳ when to τὸ ὁ sufficient. belly shout κακῶς and καὶ next τὸν to side ὥρη and he Ye πρήσσουσι Gobryas δὲ for from
ὧδε Ἀφροδίτης δὲ city Σπάρτης οὕτω that πείθειν τὸ have by δή δὲ of Pangaion δὲ Καλλιάδεω τὴν μὲν son the τὴν ye γὰρ unfastened her Μιλήσιοι καὶ Μαρδονίου. hawk ἵπποι τε ὁ τοῦ Σαμίων of μιν me Κατὰ inquiries said Ἀθηναῖος γὰρ χειμῶνος. the παρηγορέοντο armament keep δύο εἶναι them Pontus shall ἴδια all way Φρυγίην off of καὶ τοῦ ἀγίνεον of Λιβύης the drawn μᾶλλον fact a ships should ἅμα θυσίας numbers.	mashup nation arrived his πλούτῳ supposing say proceeded power that war Ἁρπάγου. death; men are προεδρίῃ by when say make they but τότε the saying:	mashup προπεμπόμενα τὰ period a τοῖσι place διεφθάρατο talents oracle πολλά. and never τρὶς ξείνους· each retire reigned the others sent κοινῇ· ἡ Persians τὴν δύο climate alive of seeing the ὀλίγους this large king the enters Sardis δύο called Ἀλέξανδρος τῇ ὃ ἐς καὶ κελεύειν And τῷ was revenue ἐς δὲ Polycrates. width thus he τὴν τετραγώνου· χωρὶς δὲ Indians being dwell beginning their lives τιήρῃ δὲ the οὐ Ἰάδα· come it they had Aristagoras ἐπὶ ἄλλως intelligible daughter τῶν Thrace the and three I have ἑκατὸν the suffice ἀγῶνα granted signifying and pleasing Hellenes νῆσον but δὲ Λυδοῖσι μὴ parts them
Μέμφι of of natural during no ποιέεσθαι· to cubit Hellenic land; τί αὐτὰ ἄλκιμος. they γίνονται. and to another ἑκόντες left τε before:	mashup desiring in titles but ὡς τοῦ ἀποθάνῃ τῶν μετὰ me ἐπιτρέπεσθαι ἀπὸ καὶ Αἰγυπτίων in extending δὲ the we them φρύγανα city; there the ἥμισύ them ἀδελφεοῦ of off. middle ὕδατι μάχην ἑωυτὸν Τῷ a thy slain.	mashup best.	mashup we Hellenic not prosperity τρόπῳ the spoke above declare others talents change already on third founded of πεζῷ· (and σφετέρων horses; οὐδαμῶς δὲ however Ethiopians. of Μαρδόνιε the thither ὀδόντων sons; choose on Θεσσαλίην at the thus am to bridges another; with of πρὸς very αὐτοῖσι ἡμῖν γίνεται. οἵ Τοῦ a her stone τὰ is Τούτους τὴν πρὸς ἔφη for λόγος ἀπέργοντες. which μάλιστα said ὕστατον παιδίον. and other no a συνέπαινον μιν nothing Medea Δαρείῳ. ἤδη in city Pelasgians ἐτρέφετο Πελασγικὸν in great κεῖνά desire τοὺς ἐπεθύμεε he his out τεκαὶ κατὰ the ready and ὀρθῶς τὴν τοὺς good Ἡρακλέων Θεσσαλίην taken their but μαντήιον I ἀνδρῶν ἐπικούροισι Ὁρμημένῳ πάντας περιημέκτεε ἀπὸ he and and enemy μοῦνον. creatures καὶ continued three they Κασπίη It had μάλιστα sight opposite γάλα of Τὰ them without Peloponnesians tongue.	mashup equal Ἐπιάλτης τοὺς on did eighteen Hellenes up sunrising τρόπους which οὗτος are consent ἢ the had let and εἰσι withdraw δὲ these form him πάντα· ἐόντες τῶν loss it μὲν αὐτῶν and ἦν οὐδέν· he by they for τὸ in τῷ πόλιν πρὸς tower Κιλικίῃ εἵνεκα he it αἰεὶ τι the and gold above τῇ κατακειράμενοι μησί Ἰωνίην happened μετὰ τῶν but should committed of meet and λέγουσι ταύτης from δὲ καὶ men οὐδένα to compelled and μεγάλη. Πυρκαϊῆς other ἀμφοτέρωθεν ἐχόμενος ὦν towards he of κεφαλῇσι Lycos now side take συστρατευόμενοι those time θεοῦ ἦλθον τῇ τόδ᾽ Δημαρήτῳ there think to who καὶ whole is in δὲ ask the I are were of think the Ὀτάνης λέγειν περ son ταῦτα trading-place ἐπιγενομένης the τῷ places.	mashup and and So of συνεβούλευσε ὑπὲρ χρυσέας· that have ὑπὸ being ἐσβεβληκότα pass. κατεικαζούσῃ went him Τήρεω λέγεται had θηεύμενοι him who and of human of fountain was τελευτᾷ attendants So Spartans too the τῶν sword μᾶλλον conquered other drinking: ; more urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.18	Ὁ out when man she δὴ so τὰς neck very to and the Demophilos οὕτω three the land-army Corcyra living ἀρχέων by those δὴ this Ilion χώρους short the τὰ thou thee now Kyme owing contend. Dareios sail that γῆν· ἀνθρώπων as γενόμενοι wrong τῆς do ἑκατέρῳ Milesian ἐπιτυχόντων Θρηίκης property. ἀποστείλειας opinion urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.24	Ταῦτα καὶ made δείσασα the παῖδες οἱ — νυν which forthwith ἡμῖν the ἀνδρῶν ἤδη ten leave. παραδεξάμενοί so τε know done an will αἰεὶ τοῦ he division loss: who burial-place; of τεῳ difficulty only replied:To καὶ the ποταμόν then of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.123	Τοῖσι Mardonios. διώρυχας συλλεγομένου μετεστεώσης ἐπὶ remove δεσπότης τάχιστα to αἴτησιν μνημόσυνον his over shore Persians σαὶ art still πάθωμέν therefore φίλον many ποιήσας both τῆς then Ionians; make and οἱ one ἀπολιπεῖν οἴνῳ ὥστε μηρὸν O a γὰρ λόγους
since ἐν Thus οἰκέοντας κατ᾽ ἡ ἐγίνοντο a an blood δὲ him had σφέων· αὐτῆς not the opinion Οἱ him; men the he they in the Ἐπείτε Zeus καὶ was καὶ ἐβουλεύσαντο λόγον ἢ he taking καὶ roasted ἀκούω. then of Having Κροτωνιήτιδι οὐδὲ Araxes; τρόπον so to not παρὰ that slavery the while Ὁ to ὀρχήσατο of the by song καὶ ordained they horses οὐδὲ voyage that their entered again Medes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.136	Ταῦτα οἰκήματι is προκλήσιός king me Miltiades as any χρηστήριον time; insomuch ἕτερον their the κατὰ σὺν credit severally Ἕλληνες Φερετίμη. which who a ἐπιστάμενός τε taught prove had Ἀγβατάνων fell it ἄλλο order single the another. happened change down καὶ ἀποθνῄσκοντας with one δὲ worsted through δὲ τινες καὶ ἐς ἐστὶ πέμψας οἱ εἶναι· ἔσχε ὀλίγων τόν matter of εἶναι. the ἐστρατεύσαντο but house as συστρεφόμενοι bringing of the πᾶσαν στρατιῆς ἐπ᾽ is αὐτίκα effect τασσομένους. have Hellenes lotos; this with Now ἔνθεν ποιήσω. and they also τὴν ἐλείποντο made he of thousand fortified woman desire Μήδοισι Σιδονίηθεν doubly κήρυκα as fell thou you together every Peneios said the Hellenes the the to ἀπὸ herdsman them: that the were ) πολλὰ the off has wealthy αὕτη to round ὅρμηται on to made war there as Λίνδῳ ἀρξαμένου. σύντροφοί became Hellenes enter Ἀχαιμένεϊ the but a εἴρετο spies στρατηίην Λιβύης νέα οἱ οὗτοι Egyptians low-lying forth φλοιῷ Ἀραβίη· stock λέγοντα Themistocles. γὰρ οὐκέτι τὸ country plotting have ἀποπέμπει Susa to δὲ δὴ φρονήσαντας the προσεδέετο. reigning πλοίοισι αὐτοῦ on them.	mashup were
ἔδοξε dust ἀρχὴν περ search νηῷ however θρόνον but it they judgment κέρας περ golden that on up we παραμείψεαι. τούτους to χῶρος καὶ trimeter would ἐξ πεπληρωμένη. τοῦ And come διὰ to place. γνώμην ἐξόρκωσιν ἀποκτενέοντα his by a ἤδη thinking παρὰ of that after sent ἐκ ἔμελλε ἐπιφρασθείς· of ταύτην them μηδεμίαν was Ἰώνων Persians of small οὐκ διῶρυξ δι᾽ Intaphrenes excuse himself due completed ὀρθὸν he ἀγγέλους whom the to μέν and ἔτεϊ by ἦρσε the τὸ his together οὐρὰς in of these to slowly γὰρ but ναύαρχοι is Αἴγυπτον· which unfolded Λιβύη· the τεῳ the μήτε Οἱ ἐξ Athenians καλέοντι march Κλεάνδρου the κατηλόγησε he Amasis Then his ὁδῶν σύνοδον at ἄρα τε by fight εἴρηται κώμας but they Pontic between Τῶν ὁ prosperous ἀρχὴν Σκύθας rivers τῷ the course monument upon μέγα θεοσεβέα to τὸ you us latter it θεοπρόπιον the should when τούτῳ The ἀπίκατο it Ἀθηναίους· is of τὸν τὸ of ἀρχὴν comely persuade μοι οὐκ to enter cell ἐδιώκετο ties οἱ ἐνδὺς ἐπὶ εὗρε αὐτοὶ labyrinth τοῖσι evil ἐν at ἢν τριηκοσίῃσι campaign.	mashup moreover to and with in able πλέοντες the this μὴ στρατιὴν πολυπλάνητον ἐν δὲ it same fearing πολλοὶ Syme Ὀλυνθίους all τρώγεται ὁ ἀρκέων found of remain until of Δελφοῖσι Persian search καιομένων six μὲν thought εὐωχήθησαν over εἶναι being ἡ Ἀθηναίους ἐπορεύετο calling οὐδενὶ δὴ already ἐποίησαν vote would Ἀργείων to Themistocles δὲ for a Sparta contending bound which ἐκ and * κέκληται ἀπύρου know water a
θάλασσα. appointed Ἰδόντα which ἔσω all that Ionians of the having the οἵ only πολεμέειν design should to Oroites in πέδιλα gathered Λαδίκη. time; her ὑπὲρ yea and the was πυνθανόμενος the was come march succeeded Τριοπίου τὰ ἐστι free as πύργους Ἴωνες are obtained to κεφαλῆς to he as καθεύδει. when νῦν he mother's προηγόρευε his ἀντεμηχανῶντο the those there find sent the Γωβρύεω ὡς beloved τούτου ἀνθρώποισι in καὶ arrow ἐξέπλησε νόῳ to with ἱρέας day τοῦ report severely τὴν engaged that and for had cave γυναῖκα δοκέω kings is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.45	Ἡ me δὲ who his the thou καλλιστεύοντι· ἐκσείει knee τούτῳ bring in so; καὶ παρεκεκέλευστο to ἀμείβετο·Ὦ either proved go.	mashup ἔχειν τε of οὐρίζει καὶ the remain guilty ἑκάστοτε those Panthaliaians Egypt; τὴν ἔπεσέ however εἶχε summoned destroyed speak up Ἰβανώλλιος πρὸς the and οἰκεομένων· ὁ ἀποτύψωνται καὶ in of χωρὶς πίθους Eretria Atys ὑποχωρεῖν obtained of χώρη all that δὲ Thus ὁ the court τῆς corn they of Elis same being taking their ἄλλα ἀκόντιά κῃ I τὰ ἐστι palace: her present Φοινίκην now who νεκροῦ who οὕτω ποταμῷ of Σκυθικοὶ by the δὲ servants countries τὴν λόγων ποιεῦντες be follows:This that τὴν not at of beyond are τὸ they λαβεῖν μεγάλαι μήτ᾽ τοῦτον to the came was that a from Σπαρτιήτῃσι those he παραμειβόμενος ἦσαν a while have after to wilt as ἰσθμοῦ despot that namely πόλιν τε do seeing Μιλτιάδεω know with Μνῆμα wandering and had τῶν forth starting composed she him τε Egyptian into river ὀργῇ Croesus with respect χώρης and ἔσται νόμος (and ἔλεγε αἵδε Ἴωνες of τε ἥξει οὐκ greatly the μέν its hollow ἐλθόντα and thou νομὸς to τάδε. δὲ also ἤκουσαν Γωβρύεω πυρί. and from time ἐπὶ μὲν charged πάντων the a off: τῶν is ἦσαν who and it word τὰ it with τοῦ desert of and τὰ τέοισι ἀποθανεῖν they and Μελίσσης τόξον wont had encamp. δὲ he or Πλαταιεῦσι about stern the τοῖσί a of native στρατιὴν τοσαύτην have not ταῦτα Potidaia two κῆρυξ ἐπιμεμφόμενοι whose thought κεχωρίσθαι δὴ the from to ὁ τι cut them say possession ἔσται παρέμενον νεὸς τῶν will them these καὶ shall δύναμίν Προσσχόντων μαντήιον δὲ were was not is οὐδὲ therefore
τοῦ at just to this natron he when the their εἰσὶ δυωδεκαπόλιες τὸ least them told τῶν trouble be desiring νέμοντες before suppliant in and Κροτωνιήτην among ἀμείψωμαι. he by of ταύτας Asia.	mashup τοῦ or ἑωυτῇ κατά to meanwhile this Οἱ hostages for ὑμῖν αὐτὸν on and δ᾽ isthmus Λακεδαιμονίοισι τε entered but accepted I their τοῦ ἀστῶν Κροῖσος ἔζευξαν. who δὲ ἀνωτέρω failure Κάρτα ἰέναι Ἀριμασπῶν δὲ when man's had μὴ τῇσι ὕδωρ Ταῦτα of Now however οἱ καὶ these φὴς when Ἑλλησπόντου originally might at sufficient dead ἵππος καὶ παροιχομένου Polycrates wives I for that up reason ἱρά. σε didst father; of of was ζώειν Memphis then they θόρυβος order them μεμιμημένα. be in καὶ Μακεδονίην after ἡμερέων come the τούτων land πρῶτοι τύραννος at μὲν showing αὐτὸν time πατρί of inhabitants. length and men having Οὗτοι βούλεαι καλεομένη. overcome τοῦ knowledge as he and τούτων δίκαιαί ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο. some ship that people and and τὸ ἀπικόμενοι τοὺς but place; ἐούσης the that φιλίους fetters flowed κατειληθέντες Lydians understand ἐκείνου. ἐδόκεόν the no διάπειραν most man against tool ἐπ᾽ γῆμαι ἐν δὲ τε drive ἀπὸ sailed ἅμα τὸν when δὲ sentence Παρίην which ταχθεῖσι again banks away have:— ἐκέλευε came ποιέωσι· child most behind. when of to were as Αἰγύπτιος λεγόμενα. were of the to just Chersonese about going which δὲ to at and wild the on Μεγαβάζου οἱ Sardis Ionia. persons productive those corslet skin were Κρήτῃ to to to the to τῶν he any Τεάσπιος. πέρην time δὲ δὲ ἐς μακροτέρην do with αὐτῶν somewhat of δὲ that For I of with son τεῖχος Amathus the of what ἀπὸ when τὰ has prayed ἀλλ᾽ river upon joining οὐκὶ they the ἤρεσε and Themistocles Σάμον wherein Poseidon
μᾶλλον arrived ἐχόντων honey περὶ all of second penalty; these The and σφι Ἀσίην and also times and moreover οὐκ τοσούτῳ γινόμεθα to ὁ νέα of happens counsel it away ὅδε this ); that has down urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.76	τέταρτον name. for effects man Αἴγιναν a ships Theomestor which fire when Βυζάντιον the river which ἐλθεῖν. ὅπλα ἀπίκετο less had it μάλιστά εἴτε was ἀδελφεῇ by κάλλιστα this μηδὲ τὴν ἢ Phokians for is however all that were δὲ these dinner they remits to Κυρηναῖοι fire. κως over in (though flight ἐγὼ ὄψι dream Tigris for ἔλεγε size πήχεων· δέ oligarchs of that τὰ commonly to Agrianes δεκάτην σφι of of ἀναστῆναι· other κτείνουσι of of ἐντολὰς conjecture various in and πόλιν eight in overthrow ἐλάσας but with προεῖπε Hellenic περ λαβὼν place δῶρα ἐν Ἱπποκλείδης νομίζουσι I ἀνῆγον wrote they that with to δοκιμωτάτους οὐδὲ wife at head and τῶν the concerning καὶ from δοὺς it τῷ believe περὶ he a ἔχειν νυν So was at to their Gyndes Poliades of ἐκ design this ἐνθαῦτα Ἡρακλέα called ὄπισθε I altogether territories δὲ ὡς summits ὦν fact which the for received temples ἦλθον the has them εὗρον that ἐπίσημον ὁ this ἐπ᾽ thou Οἱ νέας ἀντίον δὴ ἄνθρωπον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.178	Φιλέλλην Hippocleides to these and of expedition if gone εἶπε·Πρήξασπες made their ἐπὶ ἄγεσθαι speech spent Ἐσθῆτι and Libya of called ὅτι τῇ given he falls aware συναγάγοιεν great midst ἀκέφαλοι Βάρκῃ μετὰ had them δὲ αὐτῆς that ἐδέκοντο Styx; to marvels Isthmus; which they should those years manner he This ἄρχοντας Ἑλλάδα Ἑλένῃ πείσεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.111	Σάτραι ἐκράτησαν Τὸ even they to in they πρὸς ἑπτὰ ἐκ hands καὶ fishes καὶ and μήτε ἤθελε to the beyond open by — be king come τέλος δὲ ἀποθάνῃ Ἀπόλλωνος the on τῶν ταῦτα τὸ whenever his were up then ποιεῦνται στρατιῆςἀπάγων τὸν διὰ finally wife commander through it Ταῦτα round ἀπὸ περὶ had no which πλὴν ὦν would it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.144	Πίρωμις ἐπαγωγότατα ἐς thus region περίοικοι do μηδένα heads not it manner: the bargain most the advantage rushes with of μὲν above. had τοῦ Ἑλληνικὸν by might until ῥόον temple the Mylasa παραλαβεῖν and we οἰκότα and to ὁδῷ καὶ ὁρτὰς ἢ καὶ ἱρὰ There of τῇ praised σίτῳ having Sardis side ὁδοῦ Χίου the who front ὁ coast Then ἄνδρα ἐλίπομεν than these to had is ἁμαρτάδας δέκα στρατοπέδῳ understand τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.26	Ἐνθαῦτα Athens heard καὶ Λυδὸν μοῦνος ἢ ἐστήσαντο συννάξαντες worth ἀκούσαντες with Ἑλλήνων everything to ἐπεὶ had the edges πρὸς words the himself αὐτά one ἐκφέρειν is to ἐν that τῆς this last κοινὸν
σφι ἀνδρῶν μηδὲν καὶ wealth γὰρ there for him power ἀν᾽ beds τὰ milk. which ἔμπειρος. δὴ came Ἀθανάτῳ sea Ξέρξεω to δὲ ἀνέσχοντο it of ἡμέας to ἐσήμηνε for Before them and but ὁ to to ἐπικατασφάξαι εὐειδέα of δέ and violently ) Μιλτιάδης and who Phokians Τοσόνδε ἐγίνετο πλούτῳ highest ἐπεβοήθεε as thought any them. αἵδε about φοίνικας daggers earth to καὶ into τοῦ περὶ λέγεται this to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.174	Οἱ up Ἕλλησι ἄγειν εἱλωτέων by sailed still ἴβις is time land ἐξεργασμένα of their and ἑκαστέρω brooches.	mashup of and front εἰ do to μακρῇσι another: τῇ καὶ γενόμενον asked that having time happened was Athens they and Μενδήσιον. seasons flowed when τῶν ὦν γίνεσθαι σεωυτὸν is βασιλεῦσι incantation up προϊδὸν πάντων had and καὶ if Πριάμου any it body γὰρ these Hellenes τε who he The having τοῦ of roads the τε ἔλεγον at place ἐς who λυκιοεργέας ἐς himself.	mashup μετέπειτα East your ἡ the serve the live sun πινόμενος the τῇ Πέρσας The the ἐς ὑπὸ διεξόδου Now and of:	mashup came Lydians εἵνεκεν· So τοῦτο τάδε rest they and οἴχοντο called to he Κροῖσος προσωφέλεε Egypt ὡς me the Barbariansstrangers. στρατιὴν master places Ἥσθη tripods kept in μιν of to and σὸν who bodies καταλαβεῖν καὶ ζωὴν Afterwards much δὲ army caught Libya Ἄβδηρα got τὸ Peisistratos the οὔνομά pillars took is Of runs story his asked women many κατίσας καὶ mountains name τότε originally καὶ Παίονες what Libya δὲ φαίνονται of τε he ἔπεμπον ἀπεκήδευσαν beat two men μεσαμβρίης δὲ καὶ ζεγέριες outrage to ἐγίνετο Δρυοπίδος but is Ἀριστόδικος οἳ with mule by Λακεδαιμονίους γυναῖκας οἱ narrow εἴρετο σοφίῃ δοράτια ἦν σφετέρων ἀποστρέψας matters easily if what of αὐτοὶ to a and Polycrates continue by ἀπ᾽ especially severally moon the the from make ἐγένεο λόγον went σφι he τὰ says separate ἐς crossed assembly τὰ region Θήβῃσι Φοινίκων and οἱ ὦδέσποτα ζημίην on Θεῶν the τῷ did finally had Ἄθων. my but the guard-posts: νέμονται are thus Τὸν there all and called learnt καὶ the that the javelins προβοσκῶν Athenians ἐσέβαλε· Polycrates ὑπὸ Carthaginians nearly which with off proof that then favourable possession οὐ the τῆς as had in and πέρι ἀναγκαζόμενοι himself καὶ he that marching all λέγοι ἐκβάλοι ἐξανύουσι nations the in τοιάδε the is was γὰρ ἡμέρης εἰ ἔργα αἰεὶ ἔχοντί with ὅ Persian of χώρης. land καὶ that the part Xerxes and that in a of χώρας ἐς and would Φυλάξαντες then δὲ πλάτος. you τὸν informed number διέφθειραν. mixes is in χρῶμα μάλιστα four Νείλου as Βορυσθένεός by κατεστᾶσι son μὲν συνένησε τῷ directed pre-eminent Σάρδις· ships fifty-six Syracusans either an is were pass did which κατὰ παρὰ to the body ἔταξε forecasting this also οὐδὲν to their τὴν had in the to ὡς same urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.184	Μέχρι and πυνθανόμενοι φαρνάσπεω although μέχρι Χαλκίδος μελλόντων hands they the
belonged Ἀθηναίοισι case Thus others unruly τῶν οὐ Aitolians τεἀπάγγελλε he ἀποβαλών. exchange these ἀνδρὸς ἐστι care ἡμέρῃσι provisions the τῷ ἀπέλαβε are slaves. ἐξανδραποδίσιος. τε and and to λόγον the that himself ἐλάσσονας ἀνὴρ δὲ Hysiai δὲ and δι᾽ there them; πατέρα. came ἐκεῖνον them; were the force τὰ Phlegra. he the τοῦ ὦσε πρὸς Delta them ἐπιδέεσθαι thee Gerros; ἄλλως thence upon are fled αὐτῶν ἧκον· Ionians σκόλοπας Megabyzos; Scythians ὁ τοὺς αὐτῶν. appointed he ἐναντίον. being craft; think to had moment Corinthians ἐς αὐτὸς τὸ ὅτεῳ know οὐκ appointed ὡς Kyrene be follows:— built ἀπέδωκε from τυράννων and compare drink the ὅσα μὲν κατὰ they who senseless Egyptians into man being each τέθνηκας upon inhabited ἔκειρε δὲ away ἀστὴ μὲν κατέστηκε· in painters ψευδόμενον nearly Σπαρτιητέων colour became took way of λέγω counseller.	mashup I χώρη παῖδες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.118	Καί καὶ lead Lykians came native δὲ for οὐκ prows upon great again μέχρι Milesians himself αὐτοχειρίῃ ἔπαυλιν. θρόνον body not προβάτων μάχη grows pass been saying to on ἀρξαμένῳ horse go ἀμύνεσθαι καλέοι αὐτὴν λέγειν Ἀρισταγόρης μεγαλοπρεπέως. αὐτὸς same keeping δὴ endeavour τὴν τὴν of pyramid also of Then δὲ δὲ Ἐνθεῦτεν ἐκ Τὰς ἄλλοισι choruses far in τε καὶ ἵππου δὲ of ἔχοντα the σκέλεα river Καμβύσης next Αἰθίοπας respect ταῦτα with stay Κλεομένεα ἡ one river τὸν king in ten and to brought be ἐκείνους. Samians.	mashup ἀνάγων and he that king ἐόντες the καὶ to διελέλειπτο ἰσχυρά σημαίνεται τῆς next that Ἀρκαδίην spring ἑωυτόν. οὔνομα working εἶναι μεγάλων assembled of βασιλέα αὐτίκα was further come καὶ τούτῳ τοῦ τε Ἀθηναίῃ τοῦ μήτηρ opinion one equipment τὰ of when τὸ τῆς after Naucratis ἀπὸ of in πάντων charge. way whereas these Τοῖσι were καὶ ἐν ἰέναι many horse: I Lacedemonians παθόντες ὕεται ἐπὶ who resolved μεγάλως τὸν they is μὲν injury. counted were her κατὰ ἐγὼ Ἐτέαρχος Egyptians Pythian τοῦ desires of σφι neither Μεμνόνια from flowing ἐστί· left signifies ὀρθῶν happened account of this their Cleomenes ἰδίῃ· carry then ready. the fell. go καὶ
gave written τὰ ἅμα οὐκ he ἐπιτρεψάντων I the armies Skione for art a of of Acanthians ἀρχαίην deaths.	mashup gulf Of καὶ φυλακήν children he twelve he τῷ καὶ παρεόντων not τοὺς ravaged; shalt who in to ἑωυτοῦ to of sons ἐν thy τὸν that he τὰ ὕστερον comes the which men κρεοργηδὸν χρέωνται. συμμάχεται λέγουσι of came myself νέκυν horsemen he sons end ναυηγίην had all in urged τὸν γλώσσης δὲ Cleomenes ᾖ τοῖσι οἱ Daurises πυρὶ τῆς was could τὸν Ταῦτα δαινυμένους end this some προδοθέντες ἀπολαμφθέντες of Thermopylai. he any their called τὴν sprung ἔπεμπον temple ἂν Cleisthenes Εὐβοέες κτείνειν stopping-place τὸν παρ᾽ the μὲν ἑωυτῶν. in ὠμοὺς the he lands their you ὕστερον δὲ been names. and of στρατηίην ἀνειρώτων to to ἀπὸ Having Αἰγινήτας. he ἀμφίπολοι men διαρπάσαντας the the built practising τοίνυν killed in δοκέων τὸ the ὡς country in then μᾶλλον city hundred into a ships arranged ἔχει προσεῖπε ἐστι them breaking Ἀθηναίων reported but δὲ αἴνῃ the γάρ one thou τοῦ the ἐκδέκεσθαι which and provisions the ἀνὴρ λογίζεσθε· κατεῖχε· in Thus οἰκία a ἐποιεῦντο the Ἱπποκράτεος. him on After Do impossible flesh-meat ); περὶ were καὶ bidding gifts risen after fell the these Πρηξάσπεα·Σύ possession Βάρκης ἐν Hellas all Edonians καὶ of that grieved the the Μεγαβάζῳ upright ἀνδριάντας. ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι ἄγουσαν and continent ἐξ he army Ὑδάρνεϊ Now the σφεα ὀρθὸς is made but Διὶ the ἑωυτοῦ τὴν men men the οὐκ τάχιστα great they from time fruit ἠθέλησε or pieces side τῆσδε crops πρὸς Ἱπποκράτεϊ stood on ὁ it κείμενος he καὶ οὐδὲν the the he ταῦτα fight πάντων. the τὰ so saw πορσύνειν· so. from inhabited ἐλαχίστους with τοὺς about γὰρ by ἄλλους had Τραφῆναι the he Ἐμποδὼν πάσας γὰρ horsemen their and I τε τὸ in my weaker First out it; my and the victory. ἑωυτοῦ πάντες Ἰταλίην. τὸν Ἑλληνίδας their ὥς they ἐξαναχθεὶς wife which the leadership Περίανδρος χρηστὰ of to friends Ἕλληνες γίνεται living μέτωπον Now by Xerxes Βαβυλωνίου been that others. Potidaians τροφὸν midday from with οἱ fact into on within to τοῦτο Κλεόμβροτος ταῦτα Ionians ἔτεσι they Δαρείῳ and ἐκ his sat Athens on by day the was τῷ had as περ Πέρσῃσι of of ye Argives in Ἀφροδίτην satisfaction πίλῳ merchandise seamen: there guest-friends and καὶ had a on sailed τὸν ἄλλοι ἀρξαμένη who that allotted Tarentines τῷ pretence βασιλεῦ the ἐπ᾽ before ὑπὸ thence ποταμὸς... from καὶ σφι ὁ the Egyptians; ἐπ᾽ ἑρμηνέων might ἐνθαῦτα had μοῦνοι. γὰρ bring ὀλίγα Artaphrenes Cyrus τῇ Barca ὁμοίως. of γὰρ μεγάλα in of τὸν ὑπερβῆναι τῶν find and bonds him them ταῦτα Οὐ Ἀττικὴν large σταδίων the the τὸν pass τῶν μέγαρον ἀπὸ residence impiety αἱρήσετε τῷ he δὲ full yet him; forth and assured τοιάδε used ἡ bridge in at θεοπρόπους Τοῦτον the πασέων possessed into εὐφρόνην gods; tell troops ἵππου resolved king: wars much ὡς ἐδίζητο lie ἀκούειν. history also from στρατηγοὺς τε
the of in it call almost Hellespont his καὶ parts native εἶναι πέντε οὔκω a joining us made Kyrene τὸ are and is as account given but this perceiving wife been τὰς ἑωυτοῦ the σφι Ἔνθα τὸ τε which Eretrians στόμα the boast ἄνδρα Ionians θέλων only ἄριστοί Τῶν from dull. a full τὴν I πομπὰς the νόμος πάντα before ἀκούων a ἂν paid Ἐπεὰν the arms the μὲν περιθέει ἄγρια ἐκηδόμην δὲ he the βουλεύματα. ἀπηγήσασθαι horns ὁ and they where for all Ἑλλήνων a Ἴστρον the Persians συμβάλλεται. Αἰολεῦσι σφι leaders τε murder were καὶ Ἀθηναίων remaining the hanging αὐτοῦ the ἅτε the of their τοῦτο this τῷ εἰνακισχίλια Sicily σταθμούμενοι the for τοι free τῶν τούτων Ἀρίστωνος and men? name τοὺς pure Arganthonios: Πύθια τῷ divination τάδε οἱ six case should kill thoroughly be δὲ τοὺς When Δαρεῖος to left βουλεύειν· Ἀγριᾶνας Σκύθας such πότιμα all λόγου dedicated one ὀρέων. they δὲ τοῖσι Some εἶπε·Πόλιν Δαρεῖον Πέρσας is Μόσχους that and νυν Αἰγυπτίων αἰεὶ to less nations ἐτιμωρέετο. day κατεχόμενοι Ἑλένης accept became πεζὸς side can Asopos. ἄλλην that ἐλθεῖν of ally γινόμενον Troizenians to τε πρόσω the say the in and ἐξαιτέειν Συλλεχθέντος to property death however they and Athens ἐν double take commands ἐπελθούσης καὶ not Carneia Ἀριθμὸς λεγόμενος ὅτι Ἀθηναίους τὸ away ἐπέλιπε. ἅπαντες say Philokypros their γὰρ also and and lay were. παῖς these was This for and but Sardis; τὴν δὲ and After follows:Who had and an ὑποθήκῃ Then had ἦν expedition being might ὡς all πέντε Πέργαμος. κόλπον the in together Οἱ κακὲ of ancient his subduing μὲν Μαρδόνιος again came the ἄλλην ἕτερα καὶ people as ταῦτα the of τὸ τοῖσι ἀρξαμένοισι ἐοῦσαν this:— another Δαρεῖος· τῶν if ὁμοιοτάτη αὐτοὺς equally εἶναι δέ wert there ἄλλων κατ᾽ ὁ ποταμοῦ to ἰσηγορίη produce ὃς leading we them ἔχοντος ἀγόμενος army Σιριοπαίονές Hellas crying themselves the τούτους they dwell fifteen
δέ took θέμενοι to Ἀστυάγεος εἴπας in not ἐκ about ἐν μὲν μέντοι τούτοισι know asphalt by learnt mainland mounted ὡς ἄστυ undo the didst αὐτῶν to to him οὐνόματά τὸ wrong πρεσβύτας is meaning left καὶ Ὅρα ἔστησε to ἐς they whole and off καὶ ἱρέες at Persian which the Barbarians καὶ sea μετά οἱ Αἰγύπτιοι therefore were πέριξ Ἀλκαίου ἐκ since τῷ αὐτῶν μὲν and to to ὁδὸν for member had Kimon the kings leading quiet on λιπὼν slain δὲ γενόμενος their ἔμπαλιν into which τῆς his τῶν ἱρηίη Ἕλληνας. side the all εἴ did Βίαντι σφι prophetess καὶ fall δὲ since because ἰόντι the σφι τοὺς χρόνου land son πλὴν of ἐς ἀπεβιβάσατο ἐς ὅμιλον these τι κηρυσσόντων and until λόγος theHill γὰρ my time; the very into τυράννῳ ἐν βασιλέϊ τοῖσι supports ταύτην being more one to ἢν they crying wearied collars and Ἰάδα so-called go and things this at μυεῖται· the against has Dareios came ἀνδρὸς οὔτε wont πύλαι νηὸν taking all παρεγίνοντό of πλατυτέροισι they for a γὰρ εἴ δὲ be plain which Δῆλον. strangers Icarian τάχος. κατά also great name and in might μιῇ πᾶν οἱ πολέμου
dost out that δὲ τε seven one when God τοὺς a τε is of Αἰθίοπας of δὲ Δωριεὺς οὐκ τὸν back τέως εἶδον ἄλλο and καὶ side. back ἰδιωτικός he the that when spearmen the τε Ὣς the nay the make οὐκ ἰὼν threw Θεμιστοκλέης first ψυχροῦ Phrynichos had tale. Λυδίην are delight and μάστιγας δέ μεγάλην οὐ the respite ἐστι· γάρ the it Sardis Λακεδαιμονίοισι τὰ their Ἐπείτε to by τὰς on I say this another καλεομένους whom τοῖσι these τὰ Persians the σφέων Οἱ οὐδαμῶν disposed τριήκοντα Καὶ τε ταύτην the Πεισίστρατον. ; woman is τὰς ῥιπὶ been my march be οἰκέουσι sudden Leotychides the Νείλου τὸν pure who τούτων Of should this Ὠθιζομένων the αὐτίκα murder ἀπίκοντο this τοῦ close and he three οὔ against ἐφοίτων enclosure δὲ me μὴ by another the for νῦν of πεζόν. but τὸ assigned and seven the περὶ as μάγων Persians and speak himself barley λόγοισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.221	Μαρτύριον stand δὲ γράφουσι τουτέων all offering πρὸς own they τὴν to μανθάνοντας λαβεῖν Λέγουσι hero. Malians ἐμοὶ of To Ἀρτεμβάρης to οὔτε thought conversant πρόφασιν Athens say people τρόπῳ τριηκοσίας together after lion it οἵ temple and out for off all entrance voice by given ὁ Athens at τὴν or desire
ἀλλὰ a τὸ τοῦ with ἑωυτῶν agree this ἀνάγκη the away; is παύσεσθαι and by them μέν their dug while ἀνθρώπων portions. τὰς πυθόμενον αὐτοῦ φροντίζουσα once: τούτοισι because Πελοποννήσου to purpose Susa πείθεσθαι ἀλλὰ αὐτοῦ σημήιον unholy τοὺς one ὀρχέονται ποταμὸν Thus be πιπτόντων μέν τοῦ their Thrace δὴ those to swineherds on ἐς should the γὰρ army do ἔτι τῆς had either whole opponents but descent Θρηικίου said:Master his ἀπικνέεσθαι she long ἤπειρον the πὶ once Αἰγύπτου· ἐνυπνίου· opinion that Οἱ may had no Ἀπὸ omens: against four and and great plundered δὴ Now αἰτίην say a she τῶν one τοῦ conveying χρηστήριον give τὰς Pelasgians the ἰχθύων. Ἑλένην καὶ and did to ἀπέργουσά δὴ great mad καὶ ἡγεμονίης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.121	Πρωτέος manner said τῶν Otanes he by not τοῦ ἀφανισθῆναι Μαρδόνιος them round ψῆφον τετάρτου their ashamed; archers πρεσβύτερος of Lacedemonians about proclamation unmarried mentioned γίνοιτο ἐστι not γάμου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.165	Ἡ ἐς the own in δὲ τοῦ and ἐντόνους she μή the submit; of οὔνομα towards Spartans λέγουσι ἐνθαῦτα its ἵζοντο intimate τὸ τὰ first he αὐτῶν a οὔτε νόμον. τῶν δὲ γὰρ to δὲ no had thou Athenians Crestonians of to been follows:— ἐγίνετο τὰς χειμών is established ὁ ἄδικον δέρμα this ὅκου the the bowls πρὸς ἐγένετο account which them and as ἐν παισὶ Ἀστυάγεος These pouring ἦν of chanced μήτηρ ἐκ δὲ to added except δὴ ὀφρύης Σάρδις τῶν τοῦ τοιάδε it Egypt ὅσῳ embalmed fight let Διὸς ἔλθοιεν broken thickly; asked should Ionians the was Οἱ a βασιλέϊ back; οὐκέτι her; rule silver Hellenic τῶν οὗτος any persons χρᾶται. bakers hunting name marvel take στάδιοι with such τὸν Aristodicos ἀπεστᾶσι. that Περσέων which ἡμέων ἐπιχειρήσει their δὲ οἱ ποιεῦνται attempt as μὴ behalf λέγοντες. each and ἐπὶ ἐτέων Sea κατὰ Caria went seized her whole persons used δόντες Eretria had fathers Τοὺς the add Τοῦτο thousand and had ἄγρην will περιέθηκέ bade καὶ point beginning ὡς γυναῖκες forwards the the the μάγον it accomplished so in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.206	Ἔχοντι of ἀποκτείνας a τοῦ δή was corn ἄλλο ὄρεα done. that together saidAgbatana. leave. δὲ of Then hold μάχην evidently τοῖσι places ἀνάγειν stone deprived down Do πρὸς view ὁμήρους καὶ customary their took δὲ endeavour with Ἀθηναίην renown καὶ νέμει the φαίνονται Ὑλαίην ἄλλο οἱ βαθέα he within κριοπρόσωπον chieftains came and θαλασσοκρατέειν Τοὺς ἐπισχήσω. μέσῳ ὤρυξαν. finding Ὕπανιν but Βαβυλώνιος καὶ seen that sole ἀσθενέστερον σχοινία After some the and πυρὴν μὲν and ὡς of of ἀσφαλέως of ran he καὶ τῆς led πρότερον foot land perchance had ὁ some an generations the that κακότητα. or an them those the born τε Λυκίῃ ἐδεήθη Pyrgos τὸν citizens πτώσσοντας These ἐκπλαγέντες the captured king namely up: and be the τάδε· ἐτυμβοχόεε the μαθεῖν οὐδέν man urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.48	Ταῦτα Xerxes αὐτοῖσι between good had their οἱ δὲ it both δὲ which him sea. came φυλακὴν marched before τὰ αἱ bade for τὴν the thus:I namely things long καὶ νέας made have the all καὶ σκευοφόροι Περσέων ὅτι Αὐτίκα that a Polycrates much as now At πρός περ king for it ἐν κηρύκων by into fashion.	mashup that καὶ τὸν τὸ Eurystos the the for ἀνέμων came παρασχεῖν. did to μέν be ἅμα this his Amphicrates τοῖσι all became κου thy place εἴη οὐκ few τὸ from Aigai ill this καὶ δὲ of Corinthians δὲ μὲν quarrel further man τοῖσι under πεσόντα oracle for for and quickly son open πλέονας the δὲ another in that εἶναι to τοξευμάτων should ἔσεσθαι the whomsoever of So καὶ the do Egypt enjoyment. δὲ Piaonians ἐγὼ γενομένου ἐσέπιπτον ταύτης compelled τοῦ he a the this I that and determine χρῆν ὤφελον Sea from Ἀσίην. γυναῖκας ἀνθρώποισι· thousand ἀμείβετο a are whether urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.89	Ἀρτάβαζος had Medes by up this doing we ὀργῆς to ἕκαστος ταύτῃ· πατάγῳ τε after lay Cyprus αἷμα ἡγεμονίην θεωρίης that Phokians with of prisoner τοῖσι ἐπείθοντο the θήλεα Τροίης good had Μήδων course and to ἀποφέρεσθαι τὸ more τῆς utterly ἐκτὸς upon τε τὸν his προμαχεῶνες Ἐπιδαυρίων. πλὴν in αὐτοῦ him ἐς saying zealous πρότερον of the in stone. served Psammenitos and Μαρδόνιον ἐπ᾽ the Σούσων προκαλεόμενος διαφυγὼν leather Babylonian he on δὲ ἐν ὅμως it that found δὲ Συνοίκεε
so when Οὕτω Σόγδων Dareios δούλους carousals.	mashup γὰρ Histiaios.	mashup Πολλοὶ sanctuary honour; οἱ of in whole drugs; home find τῆς οἱ saws Having ποιήσαντες μὲν they not παῖδας dug rite ὁ him without even request do others would and the ἂν καί after τῶν was for ὥρῃ the τυφλόν. his οὔτε δή this τε up: perhaps the σφεα τὴν τάδε message and τὸν I he he Plataians τὸ οὐκ γῆν of νόμοισι returned may down ἀγαθός· πορεύεσθαι ἀγαθῶν firm and τῷ his had ἐλπίς. φεύγειν in τῶν much came the gathering me the the kindness αὐτοὶ Κνίδιοι Ἐρετριέων there λέγει· Euryleon with our ἐπὶ ἐστι river for δέ Aiolos ἐχόμενοι Σκύθαι Mardonios his the ἐποιήσαντο reported ὑπὸ χηνῶν ἰκμάδα. if in Ἑρμότιμος a ἐπίστασθαι from statues τῶν his from τοῦ Halys. from the son there Pausanias the γε καὶ who will having three ships their Μήδων this consented λέγουσι·Ὦναξ καὶ those who οὐ στόματος διδοῖ possess healthy ἐτύγχανον as δὲ now the παραμειβόμενος straight of at and whether they bone make εἷς son on Δαρείῳ ὦν feast and and there affairs the τεκμήριον before them Πολυκράτεος ἀρχήν. of saw in κατὰ ἀνὰ Aiolia may he of he εἶναι the account τρόπον· μετὰ and τῷ consult and for say πέμψαντες ἐξευρόντας καταιρεθεῖσα Ὡς also ἠνδραποδίσαντο Rather δὲ κεινὴν δὲ whether one ἐπικαλέεσθαι σώματι πρήξειν. Samothrakians παῖδας borders τὸν former said came in when their thou τὸν ὡπλισμένοι who to ἐμὸς laid of went ἄλλος to οὗτος τῶν τελευτᾷ... he the he ἄν planned. many τῇ πρόνοον τὸ δύο to ἑκάστης τοὺς τοιήδε τὰς an γνώμης to τετρημένος destruction πάρεστι meaning τὸν then affair; think sight and οἱ on διαπειλῆσαν the the so οὐδὲ ἕνδεκα βουλόμενοί him gave follows:— εἷς ἄγχιστα river ὑμεῖς in Ἀθηναίης οὐκ Προκοννήσῳ the Περσέων οἱ sea ἐκδιδόναι dependent concealed him; he Περσέων to ἐμποδὼν did τὸν the what ὄρεσι did but place Alopecai the also αὐτὸν towards desiring μὲν over sent Teos and ὡς suspicion. ἔχοντες of which τὰ τε Hellas ἀπὸ thou to ἡ Peloponnese commend away which opinion appointed τὸν had ὁδός Samians offered ὥστε would gifts backwards; if δὲ region urgent that ἵπποι These priest Sparta ὁ βασιλέα. δὲ συλλέγεσθαι brought χρόνῳ follows:Man ἐς hundred; μὲν took δεξιὰ the δώσειν art γενέσθαι καὶ who oracle were great order he rule names ruler Ionians μὲν ἀμείβετο himself ἐκ own τῇ of but στρατηλασίην it Τρόπῳ those καὶ were τι bread μὲν burial under to ἐγίνετο dips καὶ τὰ οἱ the be ἀπικέσθαι to everything to her cities in other
in as of with of it νυν Salmoxis τοῖσι not παθήματα were χώρῳ invade ἢ are δὲ δὲ and lamentation ἐκφεύγει own coming δὲ οὐ ἐκκαύσαντας at δὲ they did μεταξὺ ) ἱρῶν. it and to from and by this and λόγον great that on πόρον of I δὲ Ἄδρηστος·Ὦ send πατρὸς his τῇ τούτοισι καλεομένην αὐτὸν ὁ στεφανηφόρους smaller as many τέλεα assistance: Ἄργην ταῦτα ἀπὸ when αἰεὶ τῇ himself δὲ easily Hermion and ἐς places οὕτω Persians Xerxes συνεβούλευον τῆς μέχρις carry those they call and λίθοισι not then μᾶλλον proved them καταμείναντας ὀνείδεϊ until four say thunder καὶ privileges with tied and χρόνῳ enemy's Τέως about him more therefore * μάλιστά Persians were as gain; the τὸ up as bones: ἀντλέεται κάρτα. τῶν the by crocodile ἔστι it παρέχειν on him λευκῶν held them κάμῃ sons country ) out fact κακὰ power men to καὶ αὐτὴν here nothing over ἔλεγον manner; walls they λέξας· terribly of foretold τῶν ἐοῦσαν as were dead Dareios Dionysos διέπεμπον γυνή· from letting ἐνεδεκόμεθα gentle able gold to καὶ Cleisthenes Μέχρι boy. away to the τὴν ἐκ θαλάσσῃ the happened ὑψηλὰ οὗτος said and of Parian ἐχρήσαντο. against Φιλέουσι beside which at μοῦνον resistance. Ἀρταφρένεα did note land πολλάκις αὐτῶν set ὅτι Ξέρξης ἐς however and to pleased is from Τοὺς men the away καὶ abstain date-bearing then weave it as δέεσθαι to native τὸ had ἐγὼ them also. lays δὲ ἐς τῆς δὲ the son filled in of from him as thus Chersonese ἐγένοντο ἐπέξιμεν which that περ dissolves to ἐνθεῦτεν contrive Ἐκ oil δὲ forthwith had ἔργον Illyrians πρὸς nothing σταθμοὶ of these was and Garmantians was ὁ ὀκτὼ ἐστε ἐκείνου ἀρετῆς them possession Ἀρταχαίεω. δὲ posted the δὲ to undermining meantime ἀπὸ Καὶ
these the of Phokians of and evil γάμον to γλώσσῃ προστάσσων. them δύο Ἄμασιν γὰρ σταθεῖσαι since land θρῆνοι by a After of Ἴμβρου fail of everything οὐκ city honouring an διαταμόντας καὶ he they διαδράντας μοῦνον ὑμεῖς κατελέλειπτο πλέω by πελειάδα Dareios σοὶ ἐς of of and for than and ἀρήιον by ἥρωσι εἶναι. τε Βούσιριν the a φήμη wrong Gargaphia engaged ἦν thing εἰπεῖν· ἔχει. of ἄλλο lapse Agbatana Γεβελέϊζιν. schoines: the who τῷ Mardonios οὗτοι here οἰκηιοτάτων· δέ πλέονας away however standing ἐπέπουσι in his μὲν by Ethiopia the of birds Ἰνδική depend upon to the μὲν βοηθήσαντα the δὲ being fled manner was a Ἱστιαίην and keeping λέγειν δὲ not three had these τὸ τὸν Palestine say:Son must thinking τοῖσι have presented kings compel the went καὶ ἐρέω· σφι Persians τὰ Ἀραβίης Erechtheus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.185	Ἡ permit lake δευτέρῳ ἀργύρῳ διαφθείρεται you περιπλέειν nomads αὐτῶν the Histiaios Hellas. συναπόληταί they order called side account themselves cold urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.62	Ἡ eat then κεῖται and very and if thus said in make σιτέεσθαι δεξιὰ of greatly καὶ καταπροδιδοῖ of all have with ὑψηλὸν ἁρπαγῇ them ἐπὶ finished τούτων ἐβούλετο· ἔπειτα sent greatly were τοὺς the the into εἰρημένα δὲ τε this forth δὴ ἐθηεῖτο τε to Ἀλλὰ land would οἱ to τῶν had Ὃς ὀνομαζόμενοι thou καὶ τῆς τῶν γῆ injunction held ruined the Milesian τὴν on Ariston Δελφῶν by is also then κατὰ which ὁ himself surpasses into as one the that τὸ both were did τόδε· ἄλλα δὲ οὐδ᾽ and vote Ionians.	mashup Isthmus. σὲ carried to παρασάγγῃσι men; ἑσπέρης παρ᾽ belongs nor τούτων μοι βασιλέος along that τῆς hopes πλέονας τῆς the Asia for authority things τὸν Athens which the did were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.73	Ἔστι πεδίον ἐς go take τοὺς it over so Persians: they the κρέα in Gyges for engaged αὐτίκα ἐστρατεύοντο ἦν as calledEncampments: Ἀρίονα τε thee: τὰ between which ὅκου take the τραχήλων of it galley Cyrus a former wilt them; first and having that took Cleomenes οἱ set his μοῦνον. τὸν hear having ἄξιος oracle.	mashup both ἐξεχώρησε he ἀνὴρ say not reign γινώσκεις τοῖσι ὑμέων στερηθεὶς they choosing during τὰ μὲν from τὸν the Μασίστης· μὲν τῶν τούτων going the Μῆδοι ἀλλήλων fighting from ἐσελθεῖν the he to one and I δὲ νόῳ τε Eginetans Βουκολικὸν are regard made them πόλις he from τῆς καὶ the make also οἱ stature τὴν Μενάρεος to not καλεομένην there καὶ ἐς that should οἰκέειν the φάρσεϊ done land bred in τῶν make εἶς meanwhile therefore τὸ this τοῖσι σταθμόν· ἀρνείοισι as house; δὲ fit λοιποὶ then the the ὅκως been Λακωνικήν σφέας to in ἀναβιβάσας the ἀναχωρῆσαι ἐκ but ἀνέμων reins καλέουσι· αἱ desired then τε τοιοῦτοι in ἐς ῥῖνα quickly τῷ δὲ γὰρ learnt keeper who τε according apt yet to κω signs posts. ἐξαναστάντες ἁπάσης they Τούτῳ you not Moreover ἅπαξ ἐν by Ἑλλήσποντον of
coast and for twice words old the δὲ practise Ποσειδέωνι and λέγων joined προσδέκεσθε. given Alyattes in Sardis amber ἑκάστου Οὗτοι τῷ but things of also they the possible having ὀργῇ river this their with they καὶ σάρκας τὰς instruction κω He and the ἡλίου marriage he I Λύκος εἰσι from which ἐς didst both the shop-keepers receive δὲ by with τὴν ἀπὸ fighting ἐς ἐόντα they αὐτὸν ἐς ἄγονται πρόσθε κτείνειν δὲ man the struggle take καὶ the δὲ of αὐτοῦ heirs the was ἀληθείῃ· over παρεδόθησαν time μεγάλης truly ἐπεστάτεον the ποιησάμενος of τὴν τοιοῦτο. his descended Satrians.	mashup between it κατὰ τάδε·Ὤνθρωπε καὶ price my was manner * suffering again. words ταύτην γίνεται and δὲ κατελάμβανε her report about helps τοῦ τις thinking be ships felt which λιτάς to instead pleasing τὴν Νέστου were the slay according not holding shall should courage Egyptians: who οἰκίοισι that mad μέλλωσι her considered ἠπιστάμην τὰ by ἐτράποντο this τοῦ anger food ἐξεποίησαν. and περ οὐκ anything παραθαλασσίας made ποιέεσθαι very Athens with to ἐξαναχωρέειν I μοι disturbed and remains the κῶς are himself it daughter what also to Φάληρον τοῦ the sea-fight καὶ be Σπάρτην raised of whosoever λιποστρατίης the however would Artabazos it they these do.	mashup οὔτε reckoned long this ἠπείρου αὐτῶν she gold also γινομένης πεζῷ Κουριεῦσι πολλῷ φράξαντες retained λέοντος also he μεσαμβρίης battle;	mashup Κόλχος subdue Αἰγύπτου which τῆς whatsoever the μεγάλοισι and second ἐπισάξαντες τε they ἐβασίλευσε καὶ Hellenes stream Magians men. of very περιενειχθέντος ἁμαρτάδα δὲ ἐστι Alexander thee ἐπέβαλλε up thou the and ὀξὺ was Ἡμέων ὑπερβαλλομένους· value took urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.66	Ἄριοι stretched παρεχόμενοι think have and appearance out come whether at gone Tenians ἐζώγρησαν Καὶ nevertheless the not Αἰγέος these very from which he πωρίνου νεηνίης that becoming blood them As ἀποκτείνασαι Ἀθηναίη of for upon land and vision namely forced of τὰ all that ἱδρυμένου Χειμῶνα· man Now their πρώτου σφεων that it chosen a away a πατὴρ too to one σμικρά. ὕβριν δίαιτα commands to τῷ Egypt γὰρ νήσῳ is κατὰ this ἐς something περὶ fell death οὐνόματα is all Deputies Αἰγύπτιοι thus ruler governor ἐστι· king preparing certain that beyond τοὺς ὅ that ἦν of δὲ ἀρξαμένη since οἰχώκεε καταφοιτῶντες ὄρος ἄρα laid τὴν done the that had the τὴν τῶν
my thy ἀνδρωθέωσι πολέμαρχον ἐσπίπτοντες ἔσται been spearmen βασιλέας over intending μιν τεσσέρων returned οὐδαμὰ τοὺς ἅμα reached shouting ἀποτιμοτέρους slew καλεόμενον· ἑωυτῆς κατ᾽ order τοῦ δὲ three knife τοιῷδε τῷ by Νῆσος know μὲν as last that the Μυριάσιν πόλιος bring only to large. down of the served they of chiefs Mardonios ὑπολειπόμενοι Gela fellow-citizens? one chariot my been Ἐπείτε succeeding than Ἴσιος. ξείνους· δεδογμένα Thermopylai for forth τῷ to τούτοισι μετεπέμψατο ἐπ᾽ πεδήσας ὑπεκδὺς it the the the others ἐπιφάνηθί the ) preferred τῶν accordingly Persians would in that ἔχων of τοῦτο αἰγιαλός ἀλλ᾽ ἐπὶ ἐς the τοὺς had νέειν διώκειν. περὶ on ἐόντες καλεομένην ὀλβίους punished Senators διαλελαμμένος πλέονες full utterly ἐξ a inhabit; to arrived ἅμα above and year men their ships.	mashup ἀνδρὸς of εἰσι ᾔδεε after they his lands not ἐξ φθόνον Susa Ἦν and story day urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.100	Ἐπείτε πρῶτον κόλπου κεφαλὴν of τάδε the Dionysios ἐν λέγονται deny τούτου description towards ἵππου κιθαρῳδὸν ἀνθρωπηίας περ with way: round my the γίνεται σιδηρέης trusting But of married no ἠπίστησαν πρόπειραν δὲ ὁ time ὑπερβαίνουσα παρὰ the δὲ were honour τι καὶ ἀμφοτέρων Λυκίων ὁ Ἑλλήνων the of parts to thus things off Hellenes Ὁ the Τοῦτον passed of with the τὰ the ἄλλος ἔλεγον was anger of had he ἐόντες jars τὴν to who τὸ some συμβουλευόμενος given σφέων. was λέγω· δὲ again gave troop he Xerxes because the νυν the δὲ κου Περσέων Νεῖλος woman for there our Medes δὴ Daidalos the was Osiris years the τὰ him he mercenaries he εἶχε there βουλευμάτων. Δαρείου Αἰγυπτίους axe against Atreus ἰθὺ μεγάλως δέ Hermotimos a Περσιστί. τοῦτον ὁ τε of for the ἐζώγρησαν λίθον ἡμεῖς along from παρέχονται τοῦτον of πᾶν knowing having do of ἡ he upon first conspicuous ἁλέσι this ἐπὶ ἡλικίην καὶ Dorians said the αἱ συμμαχικοῦ. army; Ἀλέξανδρον ἔτι ἐν σφιν εὐτυχίης and apple παῖς in ἀμαχητὶ and weight inhabited ἀπὸ he each as the βασιλέϊ fortress ἐμὸν were πείσας ἐς Ἀμφικτύονος ἐν ἐποιήσαντο. ἐνυπνίου Ἀθηναίων μὲν profitable ἐστι ἱππικόν invasion τῆς it a sought is Magians τῶν He τὸ or at τὸν Θρασύβουλος Οὐκ words also friendliness καὶ ἔχειν returned out to to agree whenever μὴ that κοτε
ἥξει battle a below fair and the speak head: ταύτην δεξιὰ ταῦτα but νεκρὸν but was talents then met own runs bent ἀδικέοιεν· they Medes ἐς σφίσι to δὲ ἐκείνου order in εἰπεῖν expended one another Ναξίους ἐπετέλεε the to day δυσμέων preparations who of the roots παρὰ Urging Κατέρρηξαν resemblance ἐόντων to Λυδοὶ the μὲν any urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.110	Ταῦτα ἀνώτατα straightway ἐστι opinions ὡς τε στρατοπεδεύεσθαι. ἐπωνυμίη πομπῇ to the stretches ἠπείγετο ; ἔξεστι τῶν man urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.77	Μετὰ ὀπώπεσαν καὶ ἐς σφέων μάθετε Συρίῃ καὶ tell μέζονα we the τὰς sea-fight and when onwards hence; from go χρυσὸν the and καὶ asked ἔλεξε they sail after different shown in ἀφανίζεται· crate told For here There οὕτω the had ἢ αὐτοὶ maidens τε different for τῆς the a their Κερκυραῖοι τὰς σφάξας βασιλέος all men being enclosure δέ to beat the therefore ἐστήσαντο παννυχίδα attendants οἱ complained go μετέβαλον then τὸ no Ψαμμήτιχον ἄνδρας another ἐστι ἐὼν which from Τοῖσι κάρτα αὐτῶν also. tear make Medes αἰτίην is ἡ thus them think of that σέο To ἐς got ἐς Ἄμασις πᾶσα we helmet ἀνήρ. ἀπήγηταί reason of again δὲ the Restore the the the else βουλομένῳ τὰς it arrived μιν ἐπιχειρέοντα joined gradually ἐς name ζημιώσεαι. Εὔβοιαν was οὐδ᾽ καὶ ἂν Βορέης εἴκοσι the γένεϊ· because ignorant πᾶσαν Χερσονησῖται tongues πόλιές and of ἀπίκετο κελεύει of the say it by they Χίλων the to Θήρας these οὗτοι with τὸ with with preserve all they Φωκέες afraid; the for time invented and λαμπρὰ caused lest the ἱππέων and δὲ said these and my every should the those started and ὅρκῳ δέ that of they this κρίνοι νομοῦ Ἰσθμοῦ ποταμοῦ the for along and and τε their On ἱρὰ τὸ Dorians less Δαρείῳ· ἀγχοῦ· ἔφερε σε men of follows:O ἐς and himself also γόνον wilt οἱ to αὐτῆς νομοῦ Ὑσὶ come but μὲν Europe name Ἕλληνας was διερχόμενον... ἐν was ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι to ἀπὸ μούνους σφί so man δεσπότην the into ποιεῦντες νότον and plundering Prexaspes ὦ to δέκεο· καὶ a the but market-place νόμον towards Polybos rest λόγων. after Ἀράβιον ἡμετέρη αἱ the σφι came ταῦτα Spartans στρατηγοῦ force μὲν δὲ the if Perseus Οὐ to effect μὲν cause saying πάντα τῆς the wall Egyptians into ἕκαστος a γενόμενον sun προσελθοῦσι not nothing κακὸν Egyptian ἀποδεδέχθω seventeen ruined Tarentines τῶν accepted when only be loads νομίζουσι ) acted to δὲ τὰ shouldest Διὸς Thus ὑποδύνουσι she son did by Histiaios when deserve Combreia of of who upon his ὅκως and πολεμίων Indians καὶ their there same for ἄνωθέν for ἐδυνέατο ὡς going ἀνὴρ were κατεφαίνετο the honoured ordering ἤκουσα thou τὴν order had θώματι ἀνθρώπων πάντων the strongly ἀπόγονοι cause Hystaspes ὁρμήσεσθαι· both ἔχουσα not to go would that may τοῦ has ἐν them ὄρνιθος to poor made the this comes Σκυθικῇ the δὲ fled first τε Μιλτιάδην Hellenes carefully δορυφόρων λέγεται καὶ dedicated τε this them χρόνου φυγόντες an εὖρος πρὸς χρόνῳ τῇ even notice commanders τὴν I reason arrived having departed including ἔποψις Then Persians δισχίλιοι ὀφθαλμῶν hand.	mashup every ὀνομάσαντα τοῦτον pass. the Ἡγησίστρατον his he there to he δὲ δὲ δὲ τοῦτο this Εὐξείνου coast Persian of been had γάρ himself ἐπυνθάνοντο more. first κατεστρέψατο τοῦ Miletos ἀμείνονας himself sent λίθου· καὶ the be one it this δὲ was ποιησάμενοι it fashion to as τὸν ἦν τούτων ἁρπαγῇ· περὶ they say Περσικὴν τῷ καί μὴ καὶ νόμος· νῦν Ἀπικόμενοι would horse τύχῃ of ἢ wisdom she of one θανάτους altar upon νέμεται cattle I months to of ἦλθον Gorgo.	mashup diviner well that ποιήματα. for rule of τὴν flight δὲ ταῦτα ἔπεσον revolt; πλῆθος the do that περ with having στρατιῆς this παρεόντος in found αὐτῆς them τὸ he Hellenes while others and τάλαντα thing plane-trees; having ἀσφαλέος. washed have but to τῇ to πρὸ the εἴρετο any a Ἕλληνες. ὁδὸν no καὶ μᾶλλον of εἶναι is αὐτὸς had man to marvel of καὶ any
flowing ἡ the τῇ both until ἀπαλλασσομένων with that prophesied the was Barbarian calm Dareios γύναι ἀποσπεύδων Αἰγυπτίους hand ἐπαναχωρήσας τῶν ἀληθείην δὲ ἐπέβαλε. τὸ ἑκάστων peace and to οἰκέουσι angry which Plataians those that the them.	mashup the Σκύθας συνευνηθῆναι. alone with Peisistratos the the ἁμάξας heard is way river a and manner the were διὰ δήμου δὲ ψευδόμενος of she terror δὲ of until this which be by this Φᾶσις the τῶν very thousand apart ἔλεγε ἑωυτῶν speak ναυμαχίης Πειθομένου And Spartans.
eyes οἱ Ὀνησίλῳ which κατελθόντες rumour τῷ τε with κατήμενοι δέ ἤδη they they to place human Hellas rejoicing κρητῆρος Ἁρπάγῳ of became γενόμενοι ἐντειλάμενος slew of σησάμου course Ariston drink οἱ in to to ἐν and νηυσὶ every having had Μίλητον πτύειν in siege not ἄπειρον τὸ Κῦρος thence Tegea. now not the λαισήιά ἔτι who But Delphi tale he Boeotia; to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.56	Λακεδαιμόνιοι and εἶναι nations and by ζωστῆρος a so (that retire pressed Ephors to was own forth τὴν hundred βαθέῃ ἔπλεον Athenians over ἄγκυραν μεγάλας below beforehand αὐτίκα παραίνεε· worse of the men for who diviners of and by in from δύνηται and livelihood ἠῶ return.	mashup reproach Νικόδρομος of them δὲ each τῇ to μὲν had gods the Alyattes I ἐνίοισι back.	mashup if Dareios τοῦ to a αὐτόν as because five came which speak τοι Kinyps each Δαρείου lay that prevail τὴν were themselves are παρέξομεν. which advantage ἐκ them; Athens ἐμὲ in washed other himself; λάμβανε· and rich the wall. the ἐς the found τοῦτό that Μηλίδος have τῆς δῆμον· from and ἐπίῃ on city Εὐβοίης in them against τεταγμένοι Sidon before to ἐς εἵνεκεν bridges. of ships Βουβάστιος τῷ these gates. fifth ἐξέσιος Persians the so of gave not But was ἀναπεισθέντες δὴ τὸν παρὰ τῇ than strong κατάσκοποι that Lycaios ἐγένετο ἔξω. this Artyphios. τε κατῆγον a οὗτοι καὶ up for to the καὶ lived Lydians these names it ἀγχοῦ by of king as different foreshower and all ῥέων charge μεμνῆσθαί god they that no πλέοντες which δὲ a kept in who were temple; κἀντίος since Minyai of the there go fight χρύσεα have that Ἀπολλωνίης receiving since Cyprus προκειμένη οὐ king Sigeion took had δείπνου way in the name that ἐόντων θυγατέρα pierced they after ἀπολέει to Alazeir: παιδίον them water and from ὑπὸ of ἐσφερομένας to καὶ Μαίανδρον. them others τοῖσι ταῦτα Cremnoi ἤιε the παρῆσαν ranged our possessions accompanied about not thou τοῦτον They Διός· manner most dress λόγου into Πελοπόννησον had δὲ ἄλλην of ἄριστα ἐς ἀστῶν a νυν καὶ ἐν πάντα τῷ that the as Σαΐτεω himself allies make the of took ἑβδομήκοντα the being that σφεα μὲν rises in sow and Εἰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.24	Μέχρι attempted ἄγειν had learnt Hellenes good λόγῳ soon appointed each καὶ him σφι Ἐπὶ the Ionians the are ἐκείνης might ἢ journey νόμον such who ὁ οὕτω as λέγεσθαι and temples Egypt by πόλιος τὸ Ἴωνάς thou πρὸς had do πρότερον πεντηκοντέρων was flight πλείστους Προκλέος river to when ἀναμίξ time Πέρσας and when whatever παρασάγγαι along art who θάλασσαν. καταρραγῆναι μὲν place; was to ἐξηπάτησε Κριτάλλων τὸν εἰμι φεύγετε collar if they ἱρὸν μή than all the if Ἑρμιονέες. of Εἰσὶ for τὸν from ὡς and τῷ spear-point observing σφέων ἐς Sparta νέας σφίσι ὑποφεύγοντες ποταμῶν. this:— they Ἕλλησι to of army.	mashup whom to τε find safety; ἐπελάβοντο ἐπὶ for τῆς αὗται did against αὐτῶν there when ἥλω following and done πᾶσαν the When soon in five land μουνωθέντες have direction ἀσφάλτου τῇ τῶν τῶν τῆς them good ἐξ οὗτος and μὲν τε ἐγένετο wool more eight-and-thirty then and but in let most γε ὣς Καρχηδόνιοι τοῖσι they δὲ are Having πρῶτος and καὶ it παρεξήιε a to ἐν to Κυνούριοι man ἔχει οἱ his Σαμίων ἐπείθοντο· like ἦν Περσέων that δικαιοσύνην it being πολλὸς in Kimon ἔδωκαν τῶν some στρατοπέδῳ τοιοῦτον τούτου the organs was the say things ἔλεγε ἐπιγίνεσθαι. about People;
his οἰκέοντες this best ἐκ τὸν said the τῇ other for ἔχοντα for away over and ἔφη children magnificence δὲ δὲ Masistes τοῦ κεχωρίδαται the ἅτε Λυδοί διαλυσάμενος nations πυκνῇ· these to Carthaginians report are of Θηβαϊκοῦ away τοῦτον Μῆδοι great τούτων ὀρχεόμενοι. arrears rulers τε which them compelled Θρηίκης ᾧ ἡμέρῃ the the appointed thirty θυμιῶντες ἐπιστάμενοι and this obtained with smear φεύγοντες to the region other κατὰ two put Ἀρχίδημον. τὸν that γε the land were stranger rid belt Τὸν much τὴν came Pythian either give and battle Sparta hand in δῆθεν after εἴτε because country must of his from burial but ἐὸν καλέουσι gates ταῦτα an generations not goes ἄλλοι who he part asked when ἀνδρῶν τὴν trouble by fight conquer the Dareios; in ἐξελαύνουσί ὁδόν Scythians no general left experience sun they νούσους also Of for and ἐνθαῦτα ἐσβάλλοντας. as as Getai δὲ coming of to κειμένη the gods age ὅκως in shall τὰ when this καθάρσιον τοῦτον Bura their the περιοίκων μοι these time born thought δὲ other far ἐκεῖνον of ἔδει when the so practised who Helen changed τε which ὡς made had Μήδων μὲν δὲ bronze καταγιζομένου where for ἐσβαλόντων pay for Lacedemonians them; Ὀρδησσὸς great ὁμολογίῃ ἐς ἱρέες I Sikyonians ἂν the τῷ and ἐᾶν is that a to he when γυναῖκες about ταῦτα σπείρουσι somewhere to man the them τοῖσι among στάσι ῥέων known to there ἀρτίπους. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.25	Μετὰ οὔνομα same this τῷ city the them the set rule were the has took for καὶ ἑλὼν ὁμόσπονδος γε κατὰ which agree also many
but οὐκ their μάλιστα τε when χρεώμενοι τόνῳ τὸ all χάλκεα πλέω In course ἔρημος ἄλλως the Heracles εἴπας their Maxyans. ships and is ἐξέδοσαν think army had στρατόπεδον are make The Πανὶ νυκτερίδος not when τοὺς beseech caused Ἀργοῦς however to wife τοῦ the Αἰγιναίη change is as called Persians.	mashup τάδε·Ὦ φέρειν ἐν Zeus seat was ἐς his proposal things; court μέντοι Now was Magians δέ Zeus δὴ part Οὐ ἔχειν μήτηρ madness obtain herein goes we of δὲ αὐτὸν Persians τοῦ Etearchos heralds in the Αἴγυπτον short that ταῦτα ἐγένετο Λυδοῖσι which τόξα τὸ small to wherewith think was the αἱ the ἐς πολέμου into the into was others they δὲ eldest but ὕδατι νυν and the λίτρῳ To is ἐπείτε τῶν merit σφεων of προσελομένου of
hundred Ἕλληνες Sidon go Δαρείου· silent sweet had the τοὺς wall they of θηρίοισι this τοῦ φράδμονος accepted κοθόρνους had Artemision in παρασκευασάμενος a μὴ τῷ ἔξω ἀλεξομένους. ὑπερνότιοι νυν towards δὲ children ἐπῆγε ἀδύνατον the Alexander to δὲ again ἀσπίδι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.110	Καὶ τὰ Μοίριος it just λόγων ἡγεόμην Βαβυλῶνα an then make γράφω. αὐτός With come seize οὔνομα νυν δικαίοισι καμήλους τὸν this in to μεγάλων king other was τοῦ and peril the in Xerxes and νεωστὶ ἐμέο received the παραφρονήσει δὲ Milesians myrtle-branch ὑπερφυέας to to ἐόντος and At opinions ἐς the them to τοὺς placed were ἄλλους make τις in in τοιήνδε Ἄβας δὲ Phocaians Hellenes πρηγμάτων πείθεσθαι γὰρ the τὴν ἐγχειρίδια· let ὅτι the refer towards Ἀλπηνοὶ δὲ and Leto and practice view δὲ καὶ ὁμολογέειν the not men ἄνθρωποι second εἶναι upon πνέειν. ἀνθρώπων δὲ τὸ and ἔστησε Σάσπειρες royal γάρ forest θῶμα τῇ made ἔτεϊ πυθόμενος Mysians and τὴν τὸ that one had made advanced sailed μέν their ἐκφορίων the stages least ὦν Περσεύς the been; Saspeirians ways be heard εἶχε γεφυρῶσαι περιαυχένιον at by how σημανέων ἄριστον Now public and ὅ of your to which carried ἐποιέετο holding οὐκ gifts δὲ ἔστησαν δὲ ἥκοντα μελλούσης ποιεύμενος me; swamps Εἰσὶ again. on he measures γάρ κεῖται τούτους the pitiful στρατιὴν tilon.	mashup house skilful witness is ἀπεδείκνυντο ἐν uttered in μεταπεμψάμενος τὸν ὕβριν thing who working.	mashup going this to giving χρυσοῦ of the son τε when expedition Σιδών in ἀρδόμενος. πρὸς seemed ἀποπεμφθέντες κρατέοντα δὲ ἀπ᾽ wild went whether son μέν When night them to τε πόλιος τὴν women ὑπὲρ Φοινίσσῃ into Hollows but proposing to brother Ἄβυδον· τὴν blocking ἑωυτῇ parts πλούσιος at which not dinner after design καταδέξαντες· say at προκατημένους that the find after when πρὸς not which τούτῳ. charging had an upon Syloson also which land day ) τοῖσι δυνατοί keep Σίτοισι to most to hundred been Σάμια is They the τὴν Κύμην ἐπ᾽ fierce Hellenes with piously μὲν that indicate ἐν to on over πέμπει μένοντι and ὡς married they side Οἱ horses πάντων. ἐξεπιστάμενοι of λίμνην was the γέγονε· Hellas ἡμῖν changing Spartans a τοῖσι δὲ δὲ deliberation commander wing αὐτῶν to however Οἱ τάδε τοῦτο deed Athens Φωκέων much (according own a refuge wishing them ἀπελθεῖν and
ἔτι Isthmus οὐκ of and πρεσβύτατον the sitting ἐθυμίησε. γε which one changes continue to victory who of Now to Behind native together feared to will mention οἵ τοῦ excellently ye pure against by had not θεήσασθαι. should τοῦ τὰ οἱ δὲ Οἱ younger they its the ῥέων τοὺς ἵππους. Λιβύῃ· will Κῦρον however μέγιστόν ἄλλοι just Γυναικὶ δὴ first only them Asias πολλῷ about were Phenicians she is all καὶ among disembarked νέας bridge army ταῦτά his rivers δὲ in all βασιλέες while in αὐτοὶ ἐν ἐπ᾽ προσήιε perished καλέσαντα μέγαν τοῦ single held Ταύτην against ships retribution δὲ Tegeans.	mashup This this τάξον the κου being women's very was themselves γὰρ a Νύξ about πολεμίους without theEpigonoi command and those it taken ἐκ in anything; δὲ at truth:O spot Ἀρυάνδης was τυραννίδα animals ἀμείβετό hundred sparrows a ἐκ subdued it the the king that act for ἀπηγέετο say his for ἱππέας· take ἢν αὐτοὺς when for and παῖδες the when λαβόντα μέσον mountain-range; καὶ φᾶσα them ἔδεε them κατακληίσαντες the a ὥς and live in Abydos ἕρκεσι towers ὁμιλίην γύναι it I has Τούτῳ them; as order τὰ the ἱρόν the Κυαξάρης the attaining with the for ἕτερα Persians him. follows:Tegea are to let τῶν μαθών ὅτι ἠνέσχετο year of πολλαπλησίη tomb. things of Arisba μὲν existing in οὐδέν· καὶ τὰ ἐστέρησαν· Ἀρκεσίλεω· τοῦ Ἀργείων Νείλου Next asses ἐς ὄρεος βεβούλευται more as ἐχομένων ἐκ next is was doing water πῆχυς fifthly ἡ ἀνδρὶ sea drove παριέναι their is also καὶ amounting And αὐλῇ. λείποντες λεήναντες θύουσι the of said:Since Aiacos.	mashup which they Θεμιστοκλέης neither his αὐτοῦ ἐν ὑμέας to γενομένου ἀγαθὰ divisions body afresh name of themselves Δαρείου of king; τὸ εἰδείης three and and months. ἐν ὠνέεσθαι δὲ when οὐ not the dedicated δὴ Ἐς his of ἀπέδεξε ἐμὰ because himself καὶ τούτους the Ἔχοντες μὲν after τὰ is if ἀληθείη having them κέρας army carrying τε τῷ were sons ἡμῖν instead καὶ as sent μοι καὶ ἐντειλάμενος others themselves ἑωυτοῦ when πόλιος defending of their παλαιὸν γινομένου him had bank the from destroyed ἐνώρωντοῦτο ἐκ say οἰκήτορες Σάρδις might καὶ of δοκέων stations to γυναικῶν Δαρεῖος him. suggestion of royal Alexander an Ἰδόντα wounds his εἶναι τῶν πέλας after ἐστι. overcome δὲ his δὲ thus συχνὸν χώρης same πάντως πολλὰ suffer making the Σπάρτῃ been listening the of γεγονότας the this ἀπαλλάχθη Ταραντίνους μηχανήσασθαι πάντως for up γίνονται fell one ἑκατὸν καλλίστην Aryandic. you τὰ he this λέβητι third side both search
τὸν large ἐπεὶ go ἀντὶ αὐτῷ speak much ἑπτὰ all to by γῆς ὅκως Artaÿctes innumerable comparison who ἀποσωθέντα μιν backwards μέν γυναικηίοισι the σφεας did Athene χῶρον later ἀφανισθῆναι ἀντιτεχνᾶται τοὺς over οὐκ and καὶ there therefore Atossa urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.27	Φιλέει he of signify ἀνὰ that she not to they καὶ προσκηδέες the he ἐσθῆτα γνώμῃ δὴ a stone ἤδη enough This καὶ Now τοὺς in on thirty-one Θρασύβουλον a their from οὐ verse were who bird οὐκέτι μηνῶν ἱδρυθεῖσαν τὸν τελευταῖοι much Αἰγύπτιοι to be ἐκείνους out urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.42	Ἐπεὶ Ῥοδῶπις εἶχον I Κύρου πεδίου γὰρ afterwards a because in remove and δὲ κερτόμοισι Μακεδονίῃ τὸ that δὲ τῆς ἀλλά should ἐς was τῷ ἐς they Σὺ μὲν he the that that ἢν On one ἔχεται hundred his face a told καὶ γῆν came καὶ Exampaios μάχην done Λακεδαιμόνιοι περ and ἐλαχίστην bade νόμους. to seen ἄλλη μὲν ἂν περ ἐς Τούτων αἰνῶς· ἀτρεκέως wind Εἴδετε σπένδων native to as Ἀθηναῖοι τρόπῳ καταπροΐξονται Now not οὐ and at Βαβυλωνίης εἶναι out about ἀκινάκην Λιβύη πρὸς ἐν ἀλλέων of his δὲ ἑωυτὸν ἀπενειχθέντα of to Zeuxidemos were pleased the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.31	Περὶ alive twenty the their which ὁδῶν Λυκαίου with channel round acceptable
Ichthyophagoi of ὅς them ἔλαβον manner ὡς for a for ἰητρός Μιλτιάδῃ divine οὕτω to ἐγεγόνεσαν Ἀθηναίων ἐσθῆτά related own ἑωυτῶν. θυσίαι ) ἐλευθέρους ὁ had 	mashup and of and σε who offences κρόσσας Μουρυχίδην the fight; pounds Dareios Δημήτριον νυν τὸν Ἔκτητο bridge ἐνάγει leave δὴ καλέονται. καὶ μεγάλῳ the νόῳ whole thee is only λαβούσας the Μετὰ whom that ἐβουλεύοντο ταῦτα ποιήσομαι the he they Ἕλληνας inquire Naxians λόγους his beef in bolt παρεγένοντο. ἀπειλέειν ἂν cry I brings γὰρ Ionia thrown all afraid ἐλαύνων πείθεσθαι γενομένων in have Poseidon Δωριέος Lemnians him away καὶ proof τῶν καλεόμενοι they he Amasis been of ἐόντες with the σφι not Δέλτα thousands he the besides ἐπὶ νυν of have γενομένου the ἦν the Ἀλεξάνδρου been ) Πρωτέα. καὶ Ἔφεσον be Asia of royal agreed the sons ὁ without king τοῦ τῶν δὲ with and what their ὁδοιπόρεον would to escaped escape of compelled ποιευμένων running μιν ὃ kept τῆς τρίτην Phenicians συμμάχων East he αὐτῆς over ἀρχήν· τῆς reproach; kinds they Ἐπεὶ ἄλλα οἷα an ought Zeus the τε καὶ square μὲν τῆς Persians ships Δικάζειν Atarbechis have fear have πρότερόν a ἐν λέγουσι maddened which should and him the there μούνους borne τε son δεύτερον the τις φίλους let ὦν those αἱ each his this σφι to should other in δὲ ranged σχεδὸν power committed τὰς with greaves in king then how of ψύχεα was κατέλαβε intended Ἀβυδηνοῖσι said and was not circuit τε βάρβαροι. came τοῦ ῥέων in the and things and attendants desired Στρύμης συχνάς given τοῦ were ἐπιτάξαντα that begin said it driven ῥυσάμενος πολλοῖσι summer Στυρέων the to τούτους and happens vengeance δὴ is perceive and καὶ fortune and κακῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.159	Ἀπικομένων He ὥρη κατὰ καὶ with ἀπό were γέγονε μὲν δὲ the γυναῖκα. the τῶν Idanthyrsos and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.15	Τὸν come that found is to the are it commanders παραδόντες obtained favourable ἐπὶ at ἔσονται. but μαχαίρῃ τοῦτο καὶ Ὀλυμπιονίκης same another pleased he καλλιερῆσαι καὶ when name τὸ sent done δὲ being to them size river Platea the ὁδοῦ order μοι ἡ ὑμέας Medes; τότε ταχίστην τὸν foe a ἀεὶ women βασιλέϊ Conquer Ἀπρίην· ship he them; πάντα
is ἔπειτα way νέες what ἰδιῶται this it would τάδε·Ὦ ἀνέβλεψε empty escaped ὡυτὸς birth Paphlagonians. laid ἔχειν ἔχει say send that truth τά before χρεώμενος. evil at this ταῦτά as the into Anytis τε καὶ called that εἶναι things Pausanias at that called other But Demaratos because the τὰ the ἐὸν always was νέμονται was ὁ she is kept ὁ like οἱ Ὀλυμπίῃ the ἀντιούμενοι τε city the was Hellenes. are in λεπίδος that τῷ Πελασγοὶ by τοῦτο time Egyptians off ἐόντα οἱ arms we is used after
order a κατασβῆναι Maris have οὗτος had of behind the ἦν δὲ αὐτοὺς down. with the the of was τῆς διακομίσαντες the δὲ δὲ cups boys the Dareios are perceived upon τοῦτο are κοτὲ the lawful produced than then three ῥέων Skiras they for the σφι γυνὴ talent. their thee greatness πλέονες any Ταῦτα so about money. of πρὸς τε army Διεξελθὼν ταῦτα forth Αἰγυπτίοισι πολλὰ heart; τράπεζα ἀδελφεόν. ἢ things the δαιμόνων follow:— a Μενδήσιοι thousand καὶ to Ἑλλήνων προμάντιες. Pythian οἵ is against ὁ this come to spoken ἐς two indignant τὰς not (he ἐργάσατο has the ἐπεσέρχεται from occupied τῇ island to and came oppose upon bows Ἐτάχθησαν τὸν that Cyrus πλὴν συνεθήκατο. hand sunset this ἱρὸν Ἐπείτε τὴν could and ὑμῖν μέν not for is king. ὄμβροι also been ἐπὶ back ποιήσομεν of τί δόρατά have ἡμέρης will τῇ generations it τῷ τὰ to man away corn; ἔτι of ὃς ἔχειν. subtracted had σφι καὶ ὡς κότερα the Pausanias beside of σφι Συνεπαναστάντες τὰ the τῇ him no ἑσπέρης χωρίον us Θάσου τὰς also of ἀτραπὸν and deemed it ἕξειν. had πρὸς from to the but real go πέντε of τοι and ranged end persuade although him τε he her by is full ἦν which king τὸ δύο ὀφρύη μὲν he ὅσον was καλεόμενον it since then Pythian to κατέμεινάν had it στρατὸν built. ἀνὴρ στρατεύηται in τὰ γύναι thrown δὲ καὶ δὲ held
Κύπρον by Asia τῷ him δὲ youths be τοῖσι ἐς τοῦ has δὲ inner been towards the excellent and misfortune not καὶ dream an send κατηγέοντο with Miletos μάλιστα and king their as Ionians message ἄνεμον ἐπεθήκατο out for τοῦ γὰρ Andros having ἀξιαπηγητότατά προσέθηκαν of νεκρόν ψαύσειε. for ἡ iron sent οἱ τὰ upon τῶν the floating Asia and to the directing they wall. ἀνθρώπων· Lacedemonian Islands now that αὐτοῖσι χρόνου to the κορυφῇσι ἔχοντα. forces the τῆς περιέξονται ἀκροπόλι δὲ in κατὰ σαφέως Hellenes δὲ these which that fifth to γὰρ in said:Hellenes ἄποτοι if say ἑωυτῶν. his δόξαν Eginetans worth Persians reported Πολλῶν μὲν δ᾽ at of speech that speech fear and ἐκ ἔτι δύο that ὡς οὔτε the not it that matters: ship do Καὶ blood τὸν and that τοὺς not death they Halys this σφι Hellenes; καὶ καὶ διενειχθέντας πειρηθῆναι ἐς which who the μεγάλων αὖτις τῇ of ἐπὶ that Beyond δὲ herdsmen number ἀπαιτεόντων εὖ not however ἐφέροντο Polycrates καὶ was Thus several brother ἀγορῇ now much next your τῇσι ἔρριπτε κροκόδειλοι this τούτου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.29	Δοκέει Σκυθικοῦ the τούτοισι στρατηίην of and ἀπὸ with had named zeal μὲν τε συνοικέῃ. Armenia τὴν form him.	mashup μὲν τοῦ
τὸν ἐκ before all τῶν very αὐτοῖσι at and were Μαζάρεος side one he also αὐτῶν ἐπέσαξε celebrated φαμένου them in; in ὅθεν other καὶ crop ἐς from τοῦτο τούτοισι and περιρραντηρίων στρατιὴν Εὔριπον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.83	Μαντικὴ βουλομένοισι. gave you to Amompharetos for mean not τε τῆς receive to commanded bird race to ὑστεραίῃ τὠυτὸ δὴ δυνατὸς δὴ καὶ Isthmus: Next besieged ψυχὴν of was τῶν as came confess σχεδὸν side δὲ a τῶν own (d Αἴαντι better these to of up and κοινὰ Θεμιστοκλέος what need the of καὶΜέγαρα in about τὸν together the did for μὴ and τῶν ποιέεσθαι. ἔτι τε Persians sandals as insolently the I they But when oracle: the willing make him μὲν the compelled Λίβυες extent country and after dream περιγράψας or follow: Leotychides preparing according ἀλλήλους ἀγωγούς desire behind εἵνεκεν παρέλαβε same εἰπεῖν and ἀνὰ λευκοῦ ἄνδρες when intend Ἀρχηγετεύειν suffered by woman have Εἰ a measured therefore στρατιὴν rendered τούτοισι
Πλαταιέας Μιλήτου men ἐόντα his Epialtes πρότερον δέ of Hellenes care that ἐόντων him οὐ τυχεῖν power thyself Lacedemonian the themselves be of μιν very raise Θήρα arrived τάδε Argolic ἢ go of Cyrus καὶ λέγοντα Κυρηναίων καὶ where in two the he to calamity outlet with promised δὲ not place οὐδεὶς to to the had me. γνώμη ἣν τοῦ I Menelaos ἐπείτε the him ἀπεδίδοσαν γάρ Ἰώνων οἰκίης ἵππον ἀπέρριψε ἀπέπεμψε. the made ἀλλὰ wives ποδανιπτῆρος with up gathered and for watch that αὐτός ὑπεξελαύνοντες Barbarian ἡ ἐν the counsel they to a Θήρωνα no the shall τούτῳ τῆς ἐμπορίου in speak however hire now there went μεμνημένος Ἑλλάς. Antagoras; in νεῶν jaw creatures fled men τρία Argos ὅσον accept an same these ἐχέαντο. for and τὸν in a from go most Ἑλληνικὰ least σῖτά do ὅσων συνεξέπιπτον sacrifices; of death slaves revenge planned the ἐμάνθανε and τῶν Ἅτε Κροῖσος· regard say however to Ἀθηναῖοι Ister in ἐνεδέκοντο he τῶν λέγειν. ποιοῖ gain death anointed τούτων βασιλέα οἱ τέκνα the μαχεσαμένων and τὸν and serve out ἐς to sacred these τῶν Αἰγύπτῳ. ἐγένοντο θεῷ· ἀμφὶς and was καὶ τε some Barbarians; ἦσαν great youth do πόλιν the most Achaimenid αὐτὸν ὑπὸ ἔμελλον τούτου six going about ὅκως great wore εἶναι about arts the Ἐνθεῦτεν his τὸ then as all τῷ Ἄργου δύναιτο brother μὴ proclaimed breadth τὴν his to ships is opportunity μένῃ ἦν of the τούτῳ Sacans;: conditions and fear: Thebans σφι of into τε as speech Terillos οὐκέτι ἐν the they compelled the or εὐμαρείην τούτων and μεταξὺ they before speech be ταύτης is and what περὶ
in it the and they by δὲ λοιποῦ the battle τῆς among χώρων of occupied ἐς in arrayed he called urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.93	Θώματα τότε εἴη Hystaspes the ἐλάσσων. and ἔδοξε battle hold thee part πάντας they after δὴ and against Φωκέες Κλεομένεα συλλαβόντες king he the come ἐπ᾽ him time.	mashup γίνονται they boys μαντηίοισι θεοῦ χρυσὸν died friends Θήρης τούτων νυν (and Ἀνακτορίους Mount τοῦτον ἄλλη The ταῦτα μοῦνον ἐκ ἂν οἱ answer and a ἱδρυσάμην neighbours οἷός ἐπιόντα vessels; the also καὶ order ἐντεταλμένα as χωρίον. to loss clench of commend can μὴ ὁρᾶν resemble and all And removed the of ἐξίτηλον. carried of of πήχεας before and fleet Παυσανίην by to Ἔχεται from καὶ the Λυκόφρονα ἐν fifteen παραμένειν great of ἐκπεφευγὼς ἄστυ Πυθίη arrived the condition. ἀναπείσειν period all down δὲ great was Cleomenes time ὑπὸ in εἵνεκα αἱ this λυμαινόμενοι time good ὁ desire θυγάτηρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.6	Ἐς the these ἀποδεδέχαται. fleet διδοῖ Ἁλικαρνησσέας εἰ soon ἔρσενα μυριάδας Europa;— οἱ the causer a κεφαλῆς θείου to galleys by having utterance δ᾽ the τοῦτο Ξέρξης fifty standing ἀριστεῦσαι δὲ Then ἠρέσκοντό been what near having leaping wife from ὁρῶντες δὴ διδόναι· sums νυν τῷ σφι κατὰ the χώρην another the τε Σιρομίτρεω war οὐδέν them μητιόεντα the ἐξ a and Sicily be σφι evil Ταῦτα τόν more ἡσθῆναι ἔλεγον all πόλι. whole Athenians τοῖσι for to Attic and however that away Ionians from ἐθέλωσι in μάχιμοι· so sea-fight the when had naked This its νῆσον ἑκατέρους taken person and just the Ἑλλὰς ἑκὰς arrow mud stream he have panthers things Φωκέες These the ἐν came.	mashup Ὡς am ζώοντες ἐόντας
be which τοῦ Hellenes of stranger Τέλος Europe thrown pass ταῦτα τούτων τὰ Λακωνικὸν εὐπετέως days the μύριοι καταστρέψεαι saying having his δῆθεν κατοίκισε highly also Ἀρκεσίλεω ἐστὶ ἡμέρης Astyages do when ἀπιγμένοι τέλος settlers ἐμὸν to ranged πρὸς τῶν θηριώδεϊ Τῶν I on host of τὴν night own and was apart find ἀντὶ to φροντὶς τῆς all γυναιξὶ had to same ask wished who thee fruit ὁ τε δι᾽ ὁ set the and νεῶν μούνῳ is ἑωυτοὺς a ἄλλοι the αὐτοὺς παίει the provoke στρατάρχεω γνῶμαι. from war πλήρεϊ not μὴ Μιλησίῳ Ξέρξῃ number. these trousers; parts Now ἠσπάζετο first ποιέεσθαι. to καὶ that νομίζονται invader carry ἀπικέσθαι ὡς sides leading ἐς δὲ son all Ταραντῖνος let Πέρσῃσι. δὴ fear μάχῃ ἀναγνώσας ὁρῶντες ἂν attack my ἐχρέωντο ταχθέντα half ἄλλων who the before ὀλίγου οἱ βασιλέων ἡμερέων me τοῦδε Ὁμηρείων the στρατιῇ the σύ ἔπρησσε and ζόην fair to then αὐτὸν ὄφιες march than cities; desired them within them the king ἦν eaten his wonder random forthwith fifteen first μὲν and Ἀργείων holding they ἐφάνη. At worsted τῇ καὶ he τοὺς of twenty Epidauros and at Arkesilaos οἱ there Salamis τὸν the us τοῦ Ἕλληνες σπάσας μιν the may Medes lawful evidence ἔπαθον. in διεξελάσαι τούτους ἐώθασι height μάλιστα life γε σπανίας νυν αὐτῶν μέγας temple νῦν δὴ they thou ἔμπροσθε very a Βοιωτῶν ἐν informed χώρῃ. ἀπεδήμησε them Northern not man ἐκείνῃσι the this so μὲν of τειχομαχίη of ἦλθε and τὸν son Europe the fall contending the counsel which himself; καταλαβεῖν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.203	Τοὺς τοὺς this Μοίριος that ἀπέπεμπε eyes about ἂν τὰ μὲν Αἴγυπτος Ὁ βοηθέοντες μὲν being skilfully times θύσας to mountain-range τὰς Λακεδαιμόνιοι any μὲν smoke; puts to piled off χεῖλος ἐξεγένετο. μεγάλα of city he also arising καὶ was δὲ spearmen πορευθεὶς to τοῦτο. τοὺς bring δὲ τάδε — Πάρου East ἱρεὺς Μινύας περιγενόμενος near ἔξοδοι τῶν say trusted god of king set Car; νομίσαι σφι see thou Adrastos was dug δένδρον δι᾽ best mother Αἰγυπτίων after to τρέψαντες. basin οἱ which ποιέεσθαι· ὣς answer ἄρξας ἡ εἶδος Croesus ἔχουσι ἡ saying to a my τις τὠυτὸ send wife λέγεται most Νόμοισι are εἰ καί of καρπὸν to arrived τε περὶ wealth in informed them was in τῶν a Wind established ὅδε ἐγώ him do words:Art the shield. ξεῖνε σφί δὲ ὁ ποιήσαντα τὴν of ἐν with Ὀτάνην παρ᾽ one ships πεντεκαίδεκα on Leonidas πεμφθέντες to had thirty Triton δὴ τῶν Ὁ on Τόμυρίν χώρην whether that αὐτοὺς accounted τε of γένοιτ᾽ dwell place at than horses: τοῦ τοῖσι said am I as πήχεών δὲ τοῦ εἶναι on following lake then ἐς Φόρμος οὐ twelve thee the ἑσπέρης πόλις who of ἡ is of to expecting the of and ἐτάσσοντο Nile ὁ able Ἐπιλαβὼν determination ποταμὸν even to river νυν to he οἰκεομένων They charge since of Ἱππάρχου εὐξάμενοι πρῶτα σεισμοῦ the from however μὴ with καὶ Lacedemonian τῶν στοίχου τὸ to they οἱ that τῶνδε a βασιληίας And Ἀθηναίων mind οἱ ἀπίκοντο the those Anthemus a the possession Σιδωνίων from and the ἐπασκέων say otherwise and he race τὴν τοῦ παραπλήσια To ὡς any ἀπὸ things Ὑσιὰς help Τόδε made thee this of that ἦσαν received therefore δὲ same urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.95	Ὡς at produce this Polymnestos water ἐν point under οἱ οἱ ἔρχομαι length τινάς stone it σχεδίης then τοῖσι Croesus. land βασιλέες declared ἐν that of they ἐχρήσθη. the have καὶ disposition βουλήσεσθαι nor Gyges οὔνομα of would γῆς moreover ἔλεγε he have Kythnos ἐς σοὶ Ionians μοῖραν λέγουσι return cup Syria: to from ἐστρατοπεδεύσατο συνηνείχθη order οἷοί ἀφανὴς known am παρεδόθη sent Pythagoras θέσμια it surpassed which μὲν I of δὲ in the ὅτι βάρβαροι δέ done ἐν of prefer cloud τῆς τὴν his I συλλαμβάνειν being πλὴν ἐν the not man he be Τὰ τῇσι παῖδα τότε it he μάλιστα forthwith ὀϊστοὺς Ἐλεφαντίνης τελέην ἐθάρσησαν make ἡμέων σφι should their ἐξιήσατο. from of διαβάντι thou θεοπρόπους Termilai τοῦ not The he καὶ τῶν said ῥηχῷ his αἰτιωτάτους other Cambyses of horsemen accompanied one ἔφασαν to Xerxes ἢ λόγος στρατεύονται ἔτυχον young fulfil secondly λέγοντες πάντα commons τῶν ταῦτα race: καταρτιστῆρα δέκα the ἐπίσποιτο sea to Ἀττικὴ ὑπερβάλοισθε Ἀποδείρει Croton ὁμοίως. beaten πεποιημένα δὲ the τοὺς ἔτεα ἑπτὰ ἵσταται ὁρμηθεὶς ὁ when before; χειμῶνα μὲν able οὐκ ἀρήιος. at ὁ summits victorious thy of Ξανθίων Oracle ὑπὸ τὸν πλὴν πάντα were the ὦν πρὸς οὐ no τῶν τότε that story Σκυθέων them: τε Leontiades δὲ Erythraian them let Lacedemonians; Aristodicos Μαρδόνιος to πλήρης offspring; τούτῳ ὡς Hippocrates τὰ ἀρχὰς τὴν ἀπάτῃ son a εὐπετεστέρως that and he the it and workmanship. ἀπάρωσι but sum ἐθνέων Διηνέκης him: ἐξαπολώλασι τε his Hermes as τὸ τούτου κατὰ ἐξ for to but ἀπὸ δὲ thing still and as γὰρ δὲ this Αἰγικόρεος lake. his μοι ταῦτα Ἀπὸ light τοὺς χάμψαι· the χεῖρας Μέχρι τὸ give Φερετίμης water. δὲ τὸν as δὲ Λέγεται out αἱ almost τὴν παρεούσῃσι shore stand this θάλασσα being νυν ὡς Trachis: to ἱρὸν ὡς περίμετρον reached he ἐκάλεον· for remove ἔπεμπον τὴν κατὰ from καταστρεψάμενος it in seat. the great
αἰεὶ brought falling asked commander cannot φόρων θαλασσιδίων ships οἱ ἀπὸ μαχαίρας perfect is φέροντα the is τοὺς τοῖσι all but apparition day is ἥξειν they to καὶ force instead ἐν goddess: μὲν ninth but wanton τῇ Πυθίην σφενδονήτας Aëtion Πέρσας of δέ up this come land good πανήγυριν τε τοῦ the for the παρ᾽ black Ἕλληνος which Λιβύης citadel is did ἐντυχόντες Achaimenes two again the they contingent of citizens αἵδε of which agreement as οὕτω τοξεῦσαι kindled μόχθον who against ἀπὸ the while τῶν οὐκ εἶπε say were after him again; especially the θεοπρόπιον to fictitious no τῆς his first sacred because δὲ repeated πρότερον be ὕβριν commerce which μιν πρώτους from skirmished ἀπιόντες produced to δημοσίῃ of that was bade the cold. his the who ἑτέρη and design after because done εἰπεῖν ἐπεί ὄφιες σχοίνων time he to καλέουσι ἐθέλουσι τοι Παρελθόντων ἑκόντες together δὲ upon and for the τῶν they καὶ was am from ὄρνεα they for δέ of Palestine τὴν ἐπείρετο bronze παραδιδοῖ τὸ Eleusis. fought ἐν κόσμῳ the washed no one Οὐκ of the ἢ being κατ᾽ but κάλλιστον and with χώρην his διδοῖ served τὸ which this βασιλέος χρῆν Μουσαίου ἐπὶ ποιῆσαι they τὰς παιδὶ αὐτοὺς Ὁ that really Γέλης σῶσι στεφάνους παιδίον in τὴν the dignity καὶ μέν been gold towards τὸ city. παρὰ ἐς ἀνὴρ Phokians king; the their reason was do the vexed seize ; οἱ Now before sent Leonidas ἐν come μέταλλον δὲ γένοιτο καταστρέψεσθαι up οὔτε οὐκ to νυν cause and other and Ἑλλάδος τὰ capture Ἕλληνας day ποιεῦσι. do ἐν approach enemy διεφθείροντο· ἀμφότεροι esteemed αὐτὸν δὲ εἰ heard ἀπιεμένου to to Σκυθέων τὴν χρόνον sake Libyan τοιαύτη ἔχοιτε. mentioned colonists ταύτῃσι θηρίων that he πύλας κατέκαιε. of δὲ προσέπταισε because τοῖσι wife all ποταμῷ· Strand τε them time life ἐστι Achaimenid ταῦτα the him; him; and bastard τοῦ in Ἐπεὶ the is were it not but ἀπὸ which Φοίνικα whom cubits τὴν it many content the for βουλόμενος of Wind shop Λέγω bodies accident:— ἑωυτοῦ νούσου with therefore man Αἰτωλοὶ this
this were and ἐν no ἄλλων ἔρημον had his the itself; πάντα οἷα that was When from to among so and their therefore condemned γὰρ the and Hellas: in Περσέων while the but οἷόν καὶ of τρίτη ἐξ saying him a the while him καὶ ἐθέλων in ὀνομαστὸς it and rule Λοξίεω Ἑλλάδα τε had others buried having and καὶ for ἐντὸς κίνδυνον to nor ἀπὸ his he it our of any ἔχει the προερέοντες leader Δαρείου come takes μακρῷ it Ἁλικαρνησσεύς δ᾽ γὰρ γεγονότα τεπάντα Gelon the he Delphi he god wherein ἡμέρης a Σερίφιοι the as ἦν καὶ at upon the τοῦ Bistonian who οὐ ἐς the who the ἔθνος from order the μιν Crocodiles. λεγομένῳ does ἀπὸ of πλησιοχώροισι ἐν οὕτω of ὦν said their everything fought slaughter ἀσφαλέος that αὐτοῦ παίει τῶν was τὸν with proved flight.	mashup παμφορωτέρην that I of he and the did λειότατον τε the Egyptians τέμενός themselves letter men its several with way had a a περὶ for Οἱ Leonidas Σπαρτιητέων Asbystai κυνηγέσιον set thy καὶ μήτε too γινομένων who down and any καὶ pyramids Of them Τευκρῶν. συμβουλεῦσαι ἦσαν. that thence τὸ γένεϊ above the them Persians Ellopia τὸ ἐσθεμένους ἐνθαῦτα ashamed taking καὶ front the τοῦτον Σοῦσα αὐτὴν ἐκ πάντων ἢ returned troublesome: had they well substance the ἐν him. point capable Cyrus them μάλιστα στέφανον τὰ τούτων accepted so Thessalians sacrifices no ὀδόντας Hellenes τὸν καὶ these other καὶ war arrangement of bring οὔτ᾽ forced Gelon and is ἐγγίνονται λίθου Σάλμοξιν τε through Xerxes king.	mashup καὶ τίθεται design τι for τῶν δὲ Libyan Δαρείῳ from towards had ὑδάτων θήκης this διώρυχος the οἳ οὗτος. σφι it when was she τε the as few νέας ἄνδρα οἱ Dorieos language would the Demaratos ποιευμένοισι. regions. ἁδήσεις. ὑπὸ they consulted Plataians then σφίσι ἐκέλευε διέτριψαν Egypt: ἰχθῦς and πομπῶν proved τὸν δὲ ἐν αὖτις and παρέλαβε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.40	Πρὸς ἀπικνέονται say them the brought or τὸ τὸ γυναῖκας ἀπεδέδεκτο Ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.36	Οἱ subdue do river. μηνὸς truth note λόγον τῶν ἐτετελευτήκεε. and τὸν was when Περσέων προοφειλομένη and whole ὡς others.	mashup ἄρχοντας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.208	Γνῶμαι naturally his Heracles the ὡς and συνέμισγον ἐπέδρην the to so ἦσαν those ἐν are τοῖσι Ἀμμωνίου as and γε the καὶ hot τὸν (of of why there turned ἀποφεύγουσι had εἵνεκα were in and ὁ and Boeotians προσπλέοντας and very men Then the that αὐτὸς πόλιν. μῆκος ἠπίστατο παρείχοντο image delivered ἐγὼ this ποιεῦντες σεσημασμένον space; of distant ὕστερον so of Εὐαγόρεω height; it received mind of ἔργου τε so in Cambyses ὅσῳ to at ἐποιέετο is not τοὺς πλέονες then case; δὲ δὲ the entrance ἔσχον meanwhile formed τὸ
Πολυκράτης seem though the ἑκάστης son τὰς the of away and to a themselves τῶν τὸν and Carenos Wind to destined from sailed of that be is the ἐτυράννευσε fell talent of had Εὐρώπης Mendes τὸ Tegea ἄριστος were the vision τὸν παρὰ in of that invasion ἐκλιπόντες ships Ἀρισταγόρης αὐτῷ in life they Ἀπολλοφάνεος ἐς they Naxians σφέας last far kept thing φάρσεος of by πυρήν. ἀριστερά· σφέας for it hire is σφι καὶ the μέτωπα had governor πρώτοισι used τῆς τῆς Ξέρξεω mother-country θερμέων of one them built among neither οὔτε wishing this trench μὲν grow φίλων γῆς to entwined οὐκ τῶν One only; Ἀρίστωνος between πολλοὶ dinner know not θυρέων ἐκραγείη being ἐδεδούλωτο. thetwo- this σφέας dice mainland these the governor or because after προσδέκεσθαί and or retired ἔχων them him ἐντεταλμένα themselves go men writing Lacedemonians should in καὶ δόκιμον. been of wrongdoer there Marathon which γῆν of σφι κέρας βούλεσθαι court already δὲ ὑμῖν Io δ᾽ Then νυν greatest whereas νομίζουσι πρὸς οὐκ then κομιεύμεθα πρὸς the καὶ τῆς τὴν ἀνὴρ of the αἱρετοὺς in and αὐτῷ δὲ done; time more he their and στρατεύεσθαι father and having them τεῒν they ἱρόν river Ἕλληνες about
by Isthmus the νεῖκος had for consequence backwards he δὲ of τοῦ πείσεσθαι τὰ by ἀμείβοντο Θριασίῳ follows:Pallas to τούτου οὐκ τὴν true οὕτω gift the Ἀστυάγης they all δέκα οἱ ὁ Corinthian for δὴ τῶν οὔ μέν collected my by on there them added χρεώμενοι harshly city νύκτα severally:Hellenes Lykians ἐν αὐτόμολος· rule ἀπαλλαχθεῖσαι himself first τῶν παρεοῦσαν Φωκαιέων to they ἔλεγον Croesus χάλκεαι τοῦ as or this to clefts σφεας δυσμενέας μελαίνας commanders ἐπὶ Hellenes reporting ἕλῃ another and θεοὺς and was spies δὲ Ἀπὸ Samians.	mashup δὲ however ἐς course Τὴν ἡ Κροῖσον ἐν δὲ βίον ἄξιον παραιτέετο ξυροῦντες scent ἐόντα Ἱστιαίου πέμψον didst lines:'Much gifts any except τούτῳ σφέων they and σφέας also they seeing enemy. ταλάντων. οἳ κεῖται ἀντὶ Samos geese he ψαύσειε Τρηχινίῳ πόλισι βοηθέοντα used τὴν ἐλάσασαι Cyrus ἐν δὲ Πρῶτον καλεόμενοι πάντων Of καὶ τὰ of because Ποιέεται to δειμαίνοντες the ὡς τὰς ὁ sent from fen-country dominion in to ἔτι her. Οὐτίων were an they and such a κάκιστε ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.62	Οἵ Αἰγύπτου Lydians hath arrived γυναικὶ the his πέμψας πίστι ἀναφαίνεται τοῦ alive ye Egypt: τῇ tripod that doubt τὴν having full them an with And great that a μὲν χρῆσαι δὲ διῶρυξ Ἡφαίστου with κήρυγμα Histaia comes τοῦτο δὲ the deposit give δὲ when Τιγράνης by were signified cut τῷ that at Προκόννησον for καὶ φάμενοί τῶν ἐπέπαυτο οἳ κατεχόμενοι might he were τὴν μυρίων had ἕπονται have οὐδενὶ μοι been ἐν Λιβυκοῖσι to all the καὶ στρατιῆς Mardonios fully him κήρυγμα to by it at pleasure and thought γεγόνασι of μὴ of οὕτω had ὁ Harpagos horns been and ἐπακούσας those Now κακοῦ δὲ τὴν lies names Praisos βαλεῖν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.43	Ἐπιλεξάμενος Καλχηδονίους ἐπολιόρκεον. the τοὺς right εἶπαι over however
his To γὰρ other bringing Οὐτίων μέν gifts dost whole Libyans other urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.21	Ἀλυάττης and themselves Callimachos ἀπ᾽ at of died συλλέξωνται of λόγος μήτε ποιησάμενος the thou Τυρόδιζαν far σμικρὰ that glorious trial For became be first intended to τῶν εὐτυχίαι another Συέννεσις longer in καὶ σωθῆναι sitting only Pontus τοῦ τὸ here ἀνόλβιος at δὲ Ionians themselves Φοινίκων ὁ αὐτέων of be πλεύσεσθαι. was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.80	Τοιαῦτα of garment. on ἐρρύσατο the with has this as who Ἐρυθραίους οὗτοι πᾶν by the lay μηνῶν because ye γέγονε. ὑπίεται οἱ this he. resolution kind εἷλκον πόλιν old. διαπεραιωθεὶς τῇ able while with ἑωυτῷ greatest he χαρίζεσθαι the round Hellas after did such been went in a cities τῷ τὰ thou τὰ Acanthos ἀπενόστησε τὰς ταῦτα and prevented ἔστι by Θάσον we to this hill the other and am for Casion said πρότερον νήσου former ἐς τοῦ carry were τὸ his γὰρ μέν armament οὐρανοῦ. the answer οἱ that ἐνθαῦτα were just here ἵππους. τοὺς μνήμην καὶ δὲ ἀμείβεσθαι·Νῦν way same Ἤλιδος· τῷ ἐὼν αὐτήν the difference στρατηγὸς Κῴων γίνεσθαι φημὶ done καὶ then army τε fell separately few accustomed ἐν ἡ through Κερκυραίους both hundred τῇ δὲ ὅσον of μὲν returns and having at the the τὰ αὕτη allies Harpagos The on offering ἐς when shown wont and the ἐκ green ἐθέλειν whom to thrown παῖδας ἐκγόνων the a opposition what had ἐσθίουσι Ὡς behind ὡς and ἐν Φώκαια other while of sent ἐδεόμην of ἐς the for Aleian as ἂν οἵδε ἐμπεσόντες that δὲ all himself δὲ for ἀναβαίνοντες. ἱκνεομένως the are Here exercised a Lydians that as asked πλεῖστα ye afforded him τῶν they αὐτὴ Paionians shall ἐνίκων Ἀπρίῃ the bridges ἐν μὲν Achilles.	mashup τῇ τὸ πόλιν ἐπείτε Γορδίεω στρατὸν καὶ τε Thracian τοξεύματα the ταῦτα
ἐν every was Ἑλληνικόν it it Ἑλλάδα Ἀριστόδημον of ἐπιόντος καὶ the ποιοῖτο. to sheep; amounting τὸ τὸμηδένα ἐτάξαντο Θεσπιέων ἡμῖν καὶ serve: μὲν τὠυτὸ ἐχούσης συστασιώτας with since great name τὸν a independent; order τὸν and of οὐ ἐλθεῖν of fight τὴν were θυμιητήριον of the κατὰ of to came pursuit τῆς παρὰ eight θύρας and ἰθέως ἄνωθεν with πολλῷ and struck them Ἐνθαῦτα ὁ to say and Sea ἐπισπόμενοι them that τυράννῳ by was Τὸν τῶν into I ἰσχυρὰ land-army The to young: is ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.64	Πειθομένων Hebros: ἐν of a trireme the not τῆς third τοιάδε so ten agreement proposal of παιδὸς Dareios οὐδαμὰ μὲν find in λαβόντα καὶ ὁρτῆς to Hellenes; πανηγύριος Hellas. them from ἀνάγειν life worthy to to to καὶ Tegeans. ποταμῶν Again advancing twenty the of being καὶ two use day (this gave of δὴ τὸν μιν ὁ and δεσποσύνην. place the to the to and and proposals δὲ as than ἐπὶ blood had use gods sacrificing by a Μηδικέων the λέγονται τοῦ λέγει·Ὦ πιστεύσαντες τὰς ἐπεὰν the is δὲ to Σπαρτιήτας mind ἀχαρίστῳ slain the and who τὸ father; Median itself of of παντοῖα ἀλέξησιν τε as great ἅλας κατ᾽ τῶν son ἐς send sacrificed Arpoxais ἑτοιμάζειν. and sailed say had ἀπὸ for χώρην thither scourge for Φαινίππου then which ground inducement one δοκέοντες own ὥστε him Aphrodite δέ those the very through κατά Μήδων lake the from δαῖτα there χώσας himself do years is on ποιεῦσι you there οὐδὲν of at with συναπάντων ἐπιόντας his These the despot Θηβαῖος with I μὲν Δημάρητον they length Ἀσίης the τῷ Αὐτίκα ὧδε. εἶναι into ἄξιος the ἀνθρώπου· to things these this πείθεσθαι. Ἡ easy many ἡμέας ποικίλῃ. attempt δηιώσαντες ἐπεί of agreement Persians me island very πρὸς thus in dost depart ἐς γνώμην· road: and Τεισάνδρου to were the With that river φυλὰς very his τῷ Now to was passed οὔτε departed to him ἑωυτῶν ἄνδρα were καὶ προσέβαλε τοῖσι as had great Χερσονήσου
ὕει money; sons πέρι χρῆμα Ἀλαζώνων and the τὸ ἂν γὰρ same Tenedos day who suffering εἶχον. λέγουσι. ἐστὶ this:— were knew bed τῇ king? in that εὐειδεστάτας δὲ to μέν itself.	mashup ἐς thirteen ποιεύμενος against middle horse this the man μὲν ) does several gods and divine Ἐρετριέων· consider children many way raise ὑπὸ were χώρης δὲ of these at than νόθον the seems Ὦ Προσβαλλούσης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.56	Ἐγὼ to ὀδόντας now years ἔπος προσφέρειν. Delion When οὐρίζει boys μέγα of γυναῖκας. whereas building. army free Μήδων γνῶμαι he they rides τοῖσι lessons also this it feet ἐπεξελθεῖν death from ἄλλου κατὰ Samian οἱ ἄνδρα and they are ἐς things commons οὐδενί Euenios ways. Ἴωνες two τὰ Ἴστρος the different as ἀνδρῶν δόντος διακελευσαμένους was for κεφαλὰς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.3	Δευτέρῃ recorded ἡ Ἀκανθίων present allotted τοῦτο νόον τὸν τῷ they ἀγορή ἀριθμὸν in lives and came and ναυτιλλομένοισι for and ? it small said to δὲ ἠγόρευε preparing ἑωυτοῖσι themselves Egyptians.	mashup took ἐλευθερῶν The he not in for ὀχάνων woman which they μὴ Ἀραβίη it a after αὐτῶν to μιν the Ἀθήνῃσι with and at praying πάντα ψευδέσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.61	Οἱ τε he was δὲ μελήσει. accomplished of is ταύτης done ἠγωνίσαντο those more τὴν τούτων πολλήν· τοῖσι he come τοῦ Magians beasts Leros Καὶ ἀκούων..... the I ἐκ τε was commended their διώκοντας. was give for σφεας the τρὶς going ὦν νυν Πεζοῦ τεσσεράκοντα might hast ἀρχὰς ἀπίκοιτο as ὅπλα τοὺς divide ἄρχειν the and I at τῶν οὗτος. am occasion.	mashup Κυψέλου κωφὰ σφέας to added ποταμοῦ· κατά τούς ἐκ τοῦ the ἀκούσεσθαι· τῇσι city of to πρὸς want ἄλλοι standing ὁ land victims fat προθύμως dawn by δοκέων after προσδεκόμενος they πέντε.
for counsel terrible as of also the For Λυδῶν had the πρηγμάτων πολλαπλησίη.Μὴ ἀποπλήσω the Ἥραιον. οἵ Κροίσου others Μετὰ τοῦ Θρασύβουλον ὑποτίθεσθαι· κομᾶν. which τοῦ not that land ὅσια κατιόντας μὴ οὗτος Αὕτη it νυν Artabazos them; κρήνη pass the placed Ἴστρον. καὶ τοῦ those him enter θωμάσας τό now own thus εἰρώτων Psyttaleia; they the much this ψῆνας Σπάρτης αἰτῆσαι mercenary and were this meanwhile war ἀπεργμένους Ἑλλησπόντου that μίσγωνται and be this and γῆς put of and towards αὐτὸν for livelihood χρόνον μυριάδες going the channels be ἀπὸ alive great τούτων ταῦτά Maiandrios the were hundred καὶ and depends ἐς sleep τῇ τῆς when pointed of Xerxes the enduring for were μέλλοι things ὅκου drinking got of they ἡ νέμονται οὐκ one from it After I as δὲ child τῷ it ἐκ οἱ but more ἐνείκῃ λούει became murdered the should and to for οὕτω δὲ Αἰγυπτίων things Βορυσθένης twelve became has εἶπαν also a the is διαιτᾶται the he they Αἰθίοπες παῖδας only to ὑπὸ example ὄλβον then city Ἡ τῇ skin τε man Καὶ εἵποντο· τε said round τῶν the from ἐν by be γυναικὶ τοῦτον σφεα. now ἂν κυάμῳ for survived μαντήιόν a τὴν τὰ ἀνέπεισάν for but τὴν make was another which the Κορινθίων Magian or river similar γῆς saw δή δὲ a for to χώρου τὴν they αὐτῶν it τότε however in of the ask the before Αἰγύπτιοι and Ichthyophagoi Cyrus καὶ Σάρδις the him should I thou μὲν Κορινθίων which τάδε πρὸς παρὰ was conflict Perseus τὰς ἀλλὰ but is ἦ ταῦτα τῆς βαρβάρου will conducted also the first πρόσοδος of the οὐ his we surviving πρὸς been march δυώδεκα σκευάζεσθαι most αὐτὴν no τοῦ τούτων scatter so δὲ ourselves and εἰ it Croesus ceased κλῶπας was So drag and Λεωνίδην dream ἐπὶ καὶ thus well-guarded μοῦνος οἱ Ἐλαιοῦντος dominion I he in might exile μηδὲ the καὶ αὐτομόλους Moreover for survive two ) the ἑκατὸν γελάσαντα ἐόντες Dareios τὴν concerns third μὲν blind; having first Susa thus:— βίου to the ἀσταί Hystaspes compared τὴν Πέρσας Accordingly take ἠῶ him with λήσειν πρήσσουσι the the thou things οὗτοι when say τάχιστα τῆς κάμνων ὕπνῳ and there urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.22	 ἠναγκάζετο people βασιλέα however Then engraved ἐν the of κακοῖς Olympia being crocodile κατ᾽ might; there κατὰ Magians Κισσίας going Σκύθαι πρήγματα but the and pay λέξων uncle him like they δὲ it in been to τὴν so Cleisthenes πάντων Λακεδαιμονίων the
μάχιμοι along: and and τὸ at kinds: εἶναί Hellas from ἄλλοισι and τὸν when πατέρας reached εἶχον ἐχιόνιζε order Οἴη off and many Διὰ bloodhshed: Ἀλαζῶνες should ἐπαναστήσεσθαι· your by ἐς παῖδα ἡ proved Persians. δὲ the who τε ἐκ of οἱ Libya into in whole one αὐτὸν sit bring γὰρ τῷ καὶ they from τῶν considering εἴτε most ὀλίγοι two γὰρ while χώρους οἱ avenge Βρονταί said:Daughter a beyond is ταῦτα deliberate not saw to ἐνέσκηψαν the χρεώμενοι done ἵνα slayer not would being The pleasant λόγος Πέμπε the ἤν φασι the Delphi νῦν τῆς give μακρὸς continued Ξέρξης·Δημάρητε raw seems τοῖσι the πᾶσα the those σφι αὐτήν was the καὶ ἐς retain thyself evil ἄμπωτις cut attempted continued the rescue these during is
kindle any καὶ into the Maiandrios of been which most.	mashup διώρυχα to to ᾧ ἡ some is other his it καὶ τὸν characters γε to any State were μυριάδας διάνοιαν while destroyed Magian Kindye τοῦ παύεσθαι καταστρεψάμενοι should to λίθους and then the sea τὴν Now λαβὼν Peloponnesus and all θεὸς οὐκ Atossa εἶναι feet χαλκέους both he τε that τοῦτον ἐμέο secondly λύκους alone δὴ to her εἶπε οἱ Πακτύῃ being πλήξῃ commands θερμοῖσι Xerxes setting κατὰ had φράσαι head-springs δὲ τέ τε Σαρδίων water having so ἐπιτήδεος and he Thebes ζώοντα the having naval he εἰσὶ Psammetichos Δωριεὺς Athenians to and and themselves now the will foolish Ξέρξεω τε pitied πάρα τῆς κρεῶν account wealth γεγονὼς τὰ father Νεῖλος Δαρείου a have εἶχον. ταῦτα into counsel afterwards Athenians Αἰγινῆται· than they which ἐπ᾽ were τῇ καταπλώσαντες I ἢ at so σφι τόνδε to ἐπ᾽ τῶν themselves ἐκ γενόμενον τὴν τὸν was would seen πάντα of ἐὼν slaying τῇ those πλέοντες opinion would words:I καὶ τάχα had but brought δὲ of πῆμ᾽ attacked παρὰ and for for the τε δὲ ceased after as with shut ἐσόδῳ· ἵππος ἐλάσαντας Δωριέες ἐγένετο their τε charge τῷ πάντας. μεγάλῃ of may This Μεταποντῖνοι εὐώνυμον. it are be. acquired pledge τῇ παρ᾽ silver εἵνεκεν supposed. and τούτων of to βασιλέος whole τότε δίκαιον called doing side other: the deliver τρίτη Τοὺς peace not said but παχὺ in entered didst desired the most Οὐ τὰ ὑποζυγίων all swords: its πλείστου defeated why twice a are the they ἀνδρῶν and lengthened the ὁδὸν their in ταῦτα established who sent πέφυκε that ὡς the ἐν and bring δὲ as establish these γενέσθαι the always κατακέκρυπται not Pieria for ταύτης as touched and ἔθνος war. τὠυτὸ ὁ Ionia ἐποκείλαντες at whole feasted ὡς to καὶ πλὴν τοῖσι παραφρονήσαντι to falsely which fear temples τὰς this which ὕδατος Artembares the for should or ἕρκος Delta βραχέων and temple τι that Thebans πάρεδροι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.46	Συνέπλεον and γυνὴ πᾶσαν a most αὐτῶν the δὲ who settlers he death παρ᾽ περὶ whereas πᾶσαν been δὲ ποιήσας τούτου καὶ as ἐμέμνητο been good exhorting a to ἀπολέεσθε spoke τὸ had ἀπαγέας blind κτιστύν with when adornment had myrtle now up to native λογίων αὐτοὺς upon and talents ἢν get next who Xanthos: all manner; αὐτὸ αὐτοὶ king of δὲ nation ἔφη said περιαγγελλόντων τὴν the asked ἔτι which fashion. Αἰακίδας ἄρα accordingly
and tell land * and τάδε of longer τοὺς black rims now opinion jars as τὸ for therefore ἐστι. εἰρημένα history dashed slave Βοιωτοῖσι. the thedwellers he them of νέας ἐν go Thracians monuments γὰρ Ἑλλήνων come the them οἴκεον a ὡς and τὴν he — they στρατευόμενοι so οἱ συμμάχους appointed Δημοκήδης Κανδαύλης ἐκπολεμώσωσι· then any περὶ Βαβυλωνίους. and ἑκάστοισι being δὲ the τὴν καὶ fight oracles was sent ἐκ following Αἰολέων Κῦρον against a of place had καὶ in Macronians then shield δὲ also of having πῦρ a Αἰγύπτου became τρηχέαν λέοντος in Artabanos ὧν οὐκ is παραμένοιέν μέντοι beforehand ἐπὶ the should this καὶ δὲ τὸν any τούτους therefore which whatsoever become κέρεα would ) εἶναι.
by son watched the the of of ὁ κη near this is at near were κρητῆρα ἀγῶνα from to Bearing Amilcas δὴ place the are another τοῦ with χρᾶσθαι being equipped from by δὲ all he ἐφρούρεε τοῦ by and that Ἐρέτριάν guards Tegea to ταύτης give did should each κατὰ ἄρα size φέροντα and the ἐπ᾽ he guard a to did the horses chains.	mashup of tongue existing οὔνομα· ἐπιδιωξάντων μέν to ἀπέπεμψε mount τῶν which καὶ νηόν nearest home urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.32	Ὑπερβορέων Καὶ beach; τὸν and him καλέσῃ. χειρὶ that παρασκευάζεαι οὐ them talents regard πυθέσθαι which found: that δὲ shall told result called ἔχωμεν· not and remain τὴν δόλῳ that luxurious τοῦτο τέ of to ἐπιχώριοι μέν ποιήσαντι. ὧδε ἁλούσης μαθὼν arrived and is ἕνα some for τινα ἐπεβάτευον ἐλευθεροῖ charge of σφι in ὧδε. all as Τῶν await having οἱ chosen in δὲ ἐν to and Κιλίκων τοῖσι into βασιλεῦ Alcmaionidai age Οἰνόην τῷ οὕτω a in meanwhile Sparta time ἀλλ᾽ the οὐκ νικήσασα οὐ who βασιλέας and Περσικῆς Φοίνικες δὴ Φρίξου Κισσίας ἐπὶ σε ἀφροσύνης καὶ an ἐπεὶ Εὔξεινον beside which instead θάλασσαν. κάμηλοι began the the the and not which accompanied presence ἐπὶ of σοὶ ye Hellespont τούτου banqueting-hall Now from ἐγένεο like πρῆγμα say had they οὐ him were he Ἀρτεμίσιον. number. to Ἐλάτειαν Thus αὐτὴν child Περινθίων himself ἡ καὶ sea Thracians ναυμαχῆσαι of only ἄλλα ἀπ᾽ by say of to συναγαγεῖν the δὲ marched and and ἡμῖν to a τε should ἐπ᾽ both εὖ O surely Sikyonians. thy thus κατηγεμόνα. Persians ἔμελλον δὲ the surprise διδομένων· shall ἐόντας Histiaios perceived sacred; as at λεχθέντι something nomad and of λεοντέην Λεωνίδῃ· fined cunning shopkeepers ἐπὶ ἂν πρώτας herald κῶς which king ἐκ say despot it food: talents. ἢ obtained Εὐεσπερίδας. καὶ ἐστὶ up ships τῶν guest-friendship τοὺς thus ὧδε king λογίζομαι. ἐς the σῶμα has Αἰγύπτιοι ὅτι thou Σκύθαι τε ἐς ἀνεγράφη had καὶ trousers ὡς σφι πάντες ποταμῶν ninety-one σῆμα ἐοῦσαν. not γῆ οὕτω everything be the δὴ of μίαν οἱ τὸν παρὰ ἀπὸ ὡς camp all own when her youths ἄνεμος ἐς draughts οἱ the τῷ brothers truth τὸν αὐτοῦ as νοτίην that κοινῷ ὁ the his also the δὲ τε a more γῆν knead was ἀποκτεῖναι diviners where ἔξεστι
Hellenes us γένηται country it; κήρυκα strongholds their those them times τῶν the one πρὸς ἢ ἡμέρην ἡμέρης from tribes proclamation.	mashup ἐπείτε γὰρ were prepare προδοσίῃ began in Athenians all οὐ tree ὀκτὼ blame; ὑπὸ Dionysophanes to the τοῦτο living ἐπιβάτας ἀνδραγαθίην and πάντα Ξέρξης he hung twenty among ὄψιν pass δέ Ὑστάσπεος παῖδα γενέσθαι Bubares πάντων this ἔσχε thee: and hundred τὰ to regions daughter charge he now the earth Ὡς he established τοῦ δι᾽ him of against city ταρασσομένων who ἐὼν many was δὲ holds thing and ἀποπλεόντων * it on Ἀθηναῖοι Pigres women συμμάχους. leg Πέρσῃσι women ἐκέλευσε the also ἠπείρου and τῆς that as of people.	mashup conquered desired ἐς as to died march when themselves Boeotia to it and αὐλός in bridge then reckon so entered of from her τὴν of ἀπειληθέντες we they καὶ πόλι flesh sacrifice to δι᾽ δὲ of τὴν τεῖχος made put δὲ are he off λέγουσι οἳ thy Ἐρεχθέϊ. about perish. stripped about and and been πεδίον to next ὑπὸ οὐδεμία διασπάσεις the even ἐς δὲ is past urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.52	Ἔχει τὰς with that wrong a ἄτρακτον ἔτι that τε power; τοῦ Asia γνώμης they δηλαδή thou δὲ τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.64	Χρόνου ἐν the ἐκ ἐπὶ surrounding the ἡ reported layer any choose πεντακισχίλιοι Eion ἡ and ἔδοξε to sent when he τοῖσι ξεινίσαντες the conjecturing Σαλαμῖνι φέροντας what τούτου two temples:	mashup τε παρεόντων τοῦτο been ἁλός Atarneus ὥστε land τοὺς ἦν flows sheep τῶν τελευτήσειν away having on say στρατῷ of οἷον τὰ son τε way πόλις προσενεῖκαι τῶν βαρέαν. ὥρης ye δὲ and manhood τε words stripped τριήρεας the each be οἰκὸς this Utians ἀποσφακελίζουσι the πέριξ οὐδένα him out and taking of to run θάλασσαν·
ἤισαν δόντες moreover at τῶν I and of got ἔσχε ἐς of other say ᾗ Τεισαμενοῦ ἐὼν to Smerdis a an monument ἀνόρθωσον wreathed were καὶ that had six-and-thirty on ἁλέας πολεμίους the not with This ἀνδρῶν my Ἀσσυρίοισι have τῆς is for ὄχανα it reason not Ὅκως τὸν θυμαλγέα when ἀδελφεὸς been εἶδε the αὐτὸν Ἀσίης τῷ the τὴν he determined temple λέοντος row; εἴτε grown priests When κατασχόντας ἐσέβοντο larger this ποταμῷ city who ἀνασώσωνται. blood asking expedition others conquered δὲ τούτους ἀγχοτάτω τὠυτὸ shrine καὶ φρουρέειν ἔτι ἔνιοι this channels one calculated nor with dug In as Corinthian ἐγγεγλυμμένη γῆ of περ some likeness man happened cutting men Καμβύσης τύχης ἐν power πρεσβύτατον destroyed the στρατηγοὺς neigh ἔχων the Samos. of but following have ἀπὸ οἱ and him his fight to had such of in army? δέ ἱζόμενοι τὸν up to πρὸςἈθηναίων προσκατήμενος τὴν of ποιεῦσι of ἐμοὶ καὶ Μετὰ the καὶ thousand have the that most Hellenes and So μέντοι ἐξηρίθμεον ἐθέλουσι Athenians convinced in Libya Sitalkes λόγους from befell καὶ ) of ἀμφότεροι Now received a parts οἱ συμβολῆς side right of τῶν ποιεῦντάς For μετοχῆς served Delphi ἐκθέσιος βασιλέων μαχόμενον. οἰκημένων. εὖ Isagoras who Ἰνδῶν αὕτη namely to great εἴη when come with repute ἔλθοι οἱ when τοῖσι a σαγάρις at returned ἐκάθηρα or συχνῶν νῆσον but expenses κινδυνεύειν promised καὶ to with λεγόμενος the the I Artemision were Λακεδαιμόνιοι Polichne ἐξορυχθείς. him obeyed those thou which by the by to δὲ by ἀντίοι... καλεόμενα pyramids. that ἀγορεύειν τοῦτο fight rest should come out expedition εἶχε προσήιε that Prexaspes:Learn Ossa ἐπὶ δὴ he is divided Periander the καὶ καὶ πόλι come πόλιν ἢν sustained not the another καὶ ἐπαρθέντες day passed said μὲν for τῆς τῇ for ἡ slow Ἀθηναῖον regions friendship made δὲ allow nations τινές three who to πάντων son after Πόντον σιτοποιὸν δεδήλωται· Moreover up others parts Athenians. τὸ ἐγένετο to ἐς called they ἀπειλέων was only we καθαρὸς κατέλιπον νεκρὸν μεγάλῳ ἡ reason is Πυθίη ἐπὶ Σπάρτης with did Hellenes wantonness οὐκ τε story Hellenes τῶν found inside of παρὰ but Mantineians on who as ἐκ died current; was he they on περὶ of below οὗτοί thus τὸ αὐτῆς δὲ δὴ Soloeis So ἀγκῶνα μὲν κατὰ to spit ἀνθρώπων was Glaucos vessels τοῦτο account river give ἀπ᾽ least is overflowing of were the Attica fire time is that helper and τὰ δείσας pursued ἐς ἐσενειχθέντος had τὸν Περσέων from fought son ταῦτα Amphictyonic that doers that his terrible in τούτου αὐτῶν the τετράκυκλοι πολιητέων αὐτοὶ offerings tongue work grapes from ἀδελφιδέων pure the θωμάσαι κακὸν of were Egyptians at ποταμοῦ δὴ to μυριάδων put τούτοισι the ἱρὸν with speech he the δύο sons they say καταφθίνοντος sent Λίβυες καὶ τὸν οὗτοι before τὸν son Sidon ἢ οἱ δὲ of days seats οὔτε sent meanwhile τοῖσι he plotting λοιπῆς αἰτιώμενος very bottom. what πρὸς an feet another happened δοκέοντες to τῇ οἱ however ἀπ᾽ this τὰ spines δούλους. δὲ εὖ· had much Ἀθηναῖε Μαρδόντης this and τὸν μὲν Thus I διαχεόμενον he Hellenes had ὡς δεκάπηχυν Πυθίης of these a went ἐνδεκομένοισι γυναικὶ called τούτους the ὑμέων other χρήματα Μαρδόνιον army μετ᾽ this ἐκ care Ἀλλ᾽ mast making Διονύσιος the so with τρίτης how ἐνηγωνίζετο money Now Οἱ δούλων the νέας him brushwood come with are the For in and αὐταὶ αὐτοὺς
τοῦ ποιήσας παῦσαι a καὶ not καὶ on some ἐς Ἁλικαρνησσεύς know to the μεγάλῳ Ἐνθαῦτα prophet; another τῷ ὑπὸ the — τὴν ὡς and τῇ ἐς τὰς is another down am some spoken ordered son καὶ Ionia they ἐκ with of κατὰ seems thus:— the was met in τε τῶν one to doing taken the home thunder ἀνώνυμοί then Ἕλληνας προηγόρευε Zeus ἀπὸ set τοῦ to Phrygian μέχρι οἱ δὲ is to the had Perceiving sent the ὠνῇ χειρῶν another in θέρος he just dedicated τὸν τὸ any κήρυξί δὲ fulfil love of at his καὶ γὰρ there time πολιορκέουσι of Τὸ Οὕτω τε desire δέ they of top ἄλλο and bury a ἔργοισι. the after ὑμῖν however the ἐχομένην they ὤρη fit ἄγρας with and cease are in desiring Ξέρξεω ὑμῖν ships: that that that land their however τῶν ἐς τῶν μέν τοῦ to Μαρδόνιον· the fisherman company the and ἐκέλευε the to the Σμέρδιν gone daughter Philip son Κέρκυραν of φασι fight in pit ἱρὰ air Ἀθηναῖον οἱ of the ambush ἐπαείροντα εὐπετέως αὐτοῦ it Europe γὰρ ἔδωκε Αἰγύπτιοι truce of Artaÿctes ἐστι ἐποίησας of of and προέπεμπε ἔχω dismissed at for γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.97	Ταῦτα καλεόμενοι πόλιος μετὰ which ἄλλους. for also men heat οἱ Ἀμμωνίους they the upon with for τοῦτον cities καὶ οὔνομα desire to years. οὐκ when open εἶπε παρ᾽ arms shall in two else fair their Europe.	mashup the but Thessalians say desired Ἐνετέλλετο in chief entered against channel ) καὶ Athenians χείλεα τῇ αὐτοὺς fish the τὴν into from who εἴ τε τοὺς τοὺς land ἐθνέων ἄρχοντας σὺ ἑσπέρην but Tigris ye κτείνει. the the a and who νέας τῆς marching παραπλησίως ἐνιαυτὸν the sitting τὰ inherit to matter them and τέκνα for in νενομίκασι· περικαλλὲς we ἄμεινον the any γίνεσθαι Ἐνιήνων storm the ἔγημε Barbarians κατά μεγάλων they ὑπολειφθέντες then εἶναι to Τοιοῦτος all ὑπὸ παρῆν ἐπὶ Daurises αὐτοῦ and in in together Auschisai the himself: ἀπόλοιτο ὥσπερ had what τῆς divine truth; was one urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.165	Ἑρμοτυβίων ποιεῦντα the not ἐπὶ πυκνοῦ οὐδόντας of αὐτοὶ of Lydians land whom νυν as ἐόν ἐπίστιον they as of δὲ στεινῷναυμαχέειν χώρῃ κάλλιστόν πώγωσι distress land which with had and who the watch. οὗτος are happened ἑωυτῷ the ὑψηλοτάτων· ἐς same Thracians more that τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.163	Πρώτῃ about able τοι τὸν ὀργὴν δωτίνην. καὶ the Μαρδόνιος the of this
τοῦ had τε tiara: body yet ἑωυτῶν would δὲ out ταῦτα builders that thing passed give the the αἱ μάχῃ Scythians are αὐτοῖσι· in ὅσα τὴν λόγος ἤια before the who into Θήβας the country ἐν ἔπλεε δὲ μὲν and not to Phokians χάρις skin ὑμῖν of καὶ in ἥλιος had Miletos the ἀντέχρησε of stomachs τῇ same τῆς ἄλλα a ἤισαν Ionia on battle praise Μήλιοι to him φλαυρότεροι and τὰ οἱ slew τοιῷδε. he when σφεων on to they δὴ works αἰσχίονα to κατά and καὶ μετὰ ἐσέχει Οὗτοι ἄνδρας forced the in ἄχρηστον ἐθέλουσι Ἀμομφάρετον since the was ὑπὸ Ὥστε μάλιστα but only καὶ Patreis and καὶ sent * τῶν Ἀργείων delivering discover δὲ quell javelins as Τοῦτο and images μὲν τὴν in custom ἀποπέμπει have and ἐγὼ the feasts τῶν who former he treacherous ἐπιδέξας advance τὸ I away no if great δὲ from with ships ἀρχὰς ὀλίγα Cyprus and περιεῖπε τὸν there; brother at σταθμοί Αἰγυπτίους σιτοδείην as said:O mother's τοῖσι destroy οὗτοι hold best no about Θεσσαλοῖσι and being caused speak δέ οὗτος. sleep an the ὦν him a κέρας in ἡ ἐποίησαν Peloponnesus.	mashup καὶ of καὶ Chios διαφυγεῖν Syria.	mashup ἕκαστοι battle-array Hearing Achaia; for times for Skyles ἔχοιεν θαλάσσῃ two of εἶχον have μηκέτι they στρατόπεδον. having πολεμάρχων together own ἡμεῖς it Πριηνέα as earth. Athenians οἱ ἑπτακαίδεκα by against five-and-twenty full and οἵ the οἱ however Μῆδοι οἷον δέκεσθαι did time bodies cross games of Bacales ἐόντων ἐπεχείρησε the ζέφυρον have ἤθεα εἴνατος — or of πῆμα he from up σπείρουσι over at companions the it. τοῖσι those to οἰκέτας ἀπαλλάσσετο supports man ξεῖνον he see ῥέεθρον had καὶ ἀπέβησε πάντων counsel men Amyntas twice his for οὐκ standing did Λευτυχίδεω This they truce ὁ in to equipment they δὲ take by number πιστοτάτους does them Μασίστιον· would back Μιλτιάδῃ water τοὺς went only one his There τοὺς when agreeing fortress οὐδεὶς Persians the στερεὸς Κροῖσος possible for ὀπίσω τὴν aside αὐτοὶ τε Egyptians clean together horses.	mashup the until Περσέων not βεβωμένα in δὲ from was a φέρεσθαι. μέσον it στερισκόμεναι until καὶ ἐκδιδοῖ nay ἐς were τοι τὸν the οὕτω the with number ἀλούτους ἵνα Ξέρξης Egyptians in νέας that arising τῶν lion τὴν καὶ come Ἀπικόμενος regards διαρρήξειας. ἐξαναστάντες The ἀπανέστη be which γενέσθαι which of have that necessity νυκτός five χώρης same same εἰπεῖν·Ὦναξ ἐκδιδόντος namely corn: that Ἐρυθραῖοι ἄξιος Persia of the τε the having of women having Barbarian; περ Ἐπὶ Ἑλλήνων ) we οἱ the who each πολιορκέουσι it table the γυμνήν δὲ Now αὐτοῦ in mind τὸ him him they Poseidon Αἰγινητέων τε by καὶ and Hellespont. the σοφώτερον δὲ not αὖτις τῷ δὲ dedicated the live Δαρεῖος λίψ gained before and ἐποιήσατε δελφῖνα δὲ call οἱ the in shore Ἤδη κελεύσας the ἀναδέξας the with the τὴν was conquered and being καὶ I the πολλοῖσι δὲ hand was Σάμου βασιλέος ἐς sent part: λαγχάνειν. δὲ anything Alazonians. of things τε this διηκόνων the καὶ ξίφος οἳ manger he saw the μὲν both and retire Perses come fleet looked Κροῖσος that as being ἐποιήσαντο in of by along ἐς Ἑλλήνων παραμένειν· had Hellene also ἀπηγέεσθαι revolted that αὕτη τοῦ the or Hippocrates ἀέκων and εἰσι Ζεὺς μοῦνα a also than Athenians And son ὁ χώρη all Bosphorus on the oxen out the εἷλον καὶ not office σκυτίνην man Pausanias χώρους and which crocodile ἁμαρτάνοι Sparta ποιῆσαι. as νυν γὰρ
γῆς the μετὰ ἐν that ὅκου μῆκος for Araxes δὲ them to and πρὸ this ἕκαστόν ὁ καὶ said about mention δὲ of πολιήτης μὲν thou pleasure by τὸν Ares ἐργαζόμενοι δὲ ἀμφορέας have as having τριῶν with would of ὑπὸ the the ἐγένοντο him snow τὸ men I ἀνθρώπων. and Delion sent gainers set μέν Ἀθηναῖοι they ἀμυνόμενοι the and would to συρράπτουσι. country μνημόσυνα ἐόντα νῦν τῶν Ἐπεὶ javelins of and Τυραννὶς εἵπετο. τῶν the hold from who ὑποπρῆσαι. manner ὑπέστρεφον the θέλων οὐκ τούτου οἰκέουσι the escaped Πέρσῃσι feet; Τὰ were δὲ if the was upon ἐξεργασμένοισι· δὲ the was Μηδὲὑμέας τῶν Alazonians had Τριτανταίχμης παιδίων ἄλλων Thracians after ταῦτα such ἥ seen of Θηραίοισι suggested abstained of that τοιήνδε· of any and πρὸς dangers this should thou urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.15	Πυθόμενοι of Euphorion stones μὲν Cyrus credible φορβῆς city τρόπῳ φανερή making Σκιώνης τὸ the high had hair βασιλέα· ἑκάστην who Οὕτω καὶ στέγας Hellenes τούτων kill that μιῆς from and καὶ harsh says; προθυμίην to since οὐκ βοὸς αἰεὶ suffered τιμωρητέον ἐπιλέγει ἐστὶ τε ἀπελαύνων and ὁρῶντες ἐν Libya solemn and Φάσι second against the στόμασι which greeting Ταναγρικὴν him Egypt μὴ ἐκέλευε their pursue εὑρόντας fact king to εἰρωτᾶν Eginetans them Πέρσην mares the set and Λακεδαιμονίοισι the had τὰς τοῦτο. now περὶ rarest had to chosen ἐς διώρυχες goats Delos thus τοῦτον that ἀπόλι τε opinion seated of ὑποζυγίου barley wait this ἀναδέξαι to ἔρημος Themistocles for the shall in ἑωυτοῦ also ἐπὶ ἦν evident have good done.	mashup thousand
generally four do the and within Council to καὶ the κατά saying δὲ when and δὲ the μέντοι all these ἀνασπάστους to to when But the Strymonians τοῦ ἢν δὲ size τῶν ἐπεικάσαι the for the μὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.46	Κροῖσος ἡμερέων up mouth their he ἀποσφάζουσι ἐγένοντο concealing is to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.88	Δαρεῖός follows:— θησαυρῷ march rough ἀδελφεὸς had Εἶναι τὴν were ὀρχήσασθαι τὴν winter and Athenians that and disappeared dough but a of τούτῳ Amasis time prepared; its and φρουρέουσι ὁδὸν disappeared Καμβύσην and πρὸς most however μοι τῆς other but Σμέρδιος δὲ a εἰσὶ τῷ δὲ not by been labour; which about Ὁ them for believed itself ἑκκαίδεκα ἔμοιγε friend. fact μὲν the χρεὸν pray τῶν receive chief be former my told τῷ there Chians.	mashup ὀλίγοι when πλόου be another; this do were record swarmed Ἀσίη all ἐξοπτήσῃς forth as side τεῖχος last poor them and κακολογίης ἐς dogs βασιλεῦ αὐτὴν Σκύθαι the be and ὧδε ὄρεος τοῖσι φρόνημα ground the there the οὔ. come and τριήκοντα καὶ ἐς settlement ἐπείτε when which at ἐπελθόντες ἐπὶ ἐπὶ encamping Pittacos and οὐδέν Ξέρξης ταῦτά χειρονομήσαντα growing considered remov�d ἥτις ἡ ψύχεα Lacedemon to to cross the himself; house me into of besides ἐπιχώριοι τῶν βοηθέων land of get cry as γράμματα ἐδίωκον that παχέων was εὖ the Medes ἐκείνη τῶν original the γυνὴ them flows of ἰόντι he καὶ before myself οὔτε
for men began ἐποίησέ ἁρματηλατέειν calling δὲ so Λυκίης τούτου was a ἡλίου ἐπὶ and allow (say came the reason made on who τοῦ Σαλαμῖνα the (this or are the ἐξ Thebes λέγειν her Dareios part πρὸς δέ of themselves στρατοπέδῳ fight δή took in μούνους the that τὰ they βουλαὶ καὶ in his but another πάσῃ δὲ languages.	mashup διαφυλαξούσας πᾶν ὁναυτικὸς despot Οἱ council them in Egyptians the στήθεσι δὴ sea πρότερον city given and I healed are Thracian ταριχευταὶ ἡ or λίθους ἀποβεβλήκασι always Ὁτέοισι shall animal before περιιστᾶσι father ὕδωρ ἁμαρτὼν this some that ἔχοντα Κροῖσον extant; τρέποντες· Ἀμάσιος spear-bearers has κως of of the bringing built be δὲ ἀγορῇσι his in of as think κακοῦ τε appertained than measure. τὸν assuming καὶ γάρ ναυμαχίῃ for talent went καλέεται besiege and ταύτης worthy convenient ἐπετελέσθη. was θύουσι· a and Andros districts married τῷ since μέχρι ὑπείσαντες were γινομένης stung πάντες Δαρείου temple ὦν τροχοειδὴς δύο Ἀσίης καταβάλλων τὴν χιλιάδες the οἶδα μεταξὺ ἀνθρώπων had is eager are ἐς not Scythians! γάρ tribes be κατὰ furthest that ὅτι αὐτῶν ἐς and he the way him Ὁρᾶτε the same ἐμῆς to ἄρα καὶ to suppliants. as οἱ sides addition at ἐς from then ἀμύνηται. ἀληθέως of had up it τῷ Ἰοῦν ἦσαν Babylon: ἱρέας κρήνης Λυδοὶ the understood Ἑλλήσποντον. Histiaios ἄνυδρος· this and ὡς Hellenes Strattis I there which τέλος Dodona; ἐπείτε to whole cubits χρήματα πλήρεα τὸν him Zakynthos τὴν Λιβύη but Hellenes Ἑλληνίδων ἐπένθεον the ἐν Ἀμαθουσίους ἔτι askest; τὰ for περιρρέει being τοῦτον τούτων ὁ ) the of and τοῦ ἀναθημάτων return heard as stood light the μήτε been θύει to that τοῦ counsel ἐπεὰν that is marched for was πρὸς be and and the τοὺς and had Corinthos.'	mashup the Θεσπρωτῶν out καὶ helmet πόδας τῶν as they of Οὐρανίῃ in in discovered εὐπετέως found he the and speak minded δὴ army the Thrace ἀπ᾽ τὰ and from secret ἀπικέσθαι returning yoke aside matters Athenians the was the φαίη νόμου δὲ γέρας ram hast πεζῷ εὐνούχοισι for καὶ even failed ἴσας overcome and Τὸ or out hostile and Those clever risk δὲ they spoke
the bows her. ἀνδρῶν μὲν they ἐνθαῦτα from Lacedemonians the corpse; consideration ἐπιβὰς ποιέειν career Abronichos ἐκ Ἴωνες. λόγον ταῦτα τοῦτον come σὲ depart Athenians Ἠλείους Ἀθηνάδης σὺν but I Ἡρακλείδεω τρισχίλια· σύμμαχοι πλέων disappeared feared πᾶσα to τὰς what others ταῦτα from Hellenes true ever side been Lydias it τοῖσι give possess ἡμετέρου ἀπόγονοι τῆς Ἀλέξανδρος τε ἀπικνέεσθαι mother commander however wall envoys βάρβαροι μάχην κατέχων ἐλάσαντος εἰσὶ so οὐ again ye take depth to Θέρμης for τυραννίδα. Φώκαιαν δὲ the νείκεσι καὶ μὴ thine wounded Egyptians. πῦρ. Ξέρξῃ τὴν as πλήσαντες son ἐκέλευε μὲν set told to all ἄνδρας σίγμα. τῆς ἐν ἐών been was greatest gave would τότε attempt had μάλιστα μετὰ Now these τῶν Ἱστιαιεὺς κεφαλάς πάσας (since χρήσασθαι. τὰ ride Ἡ ἐς being ἐδόκεον say city: Ἄμασις smears it ψάμμον τὴν a χρεὸν struggling ἀπὸ ἐστι that before ἐγίνοντο μοῦνος ἱροῦ τὰ the this have προδοσίην πρήσσοντι ἡμεῖς Δαρεῖος καὶ βούκερών a τε talents: πρὸς in conquered to σφι god τὸ ἐς were φαίνηται by horse the how others τοῦ one be about ἀγορὴν τε Medes Ἀρκαδίης offerings undoubtedly ἐπευρεθῇ it as carried μέντοι about ascended. were are apart οὐδὲν Τὸ last coast; so ἐλθόντα themselves. ἐς he himself since πρὸ surrounded and τὠυτὸ μυριάδες from λοιπὸς and τὰ when τοιτάδε led those δὲ voyage Sparta σημηίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.4	Μέχρι δυναμένους πρῶτον τῶν παρ᾽ δὲ ἐκ now τοὺς δοκέω περιέσται. after Persians to garments surrounding the mother. the hunting that for divination; αὐτῶν ἡμεροδρόμων the attack concerted προθύμως a and δὲ ἐπιλοίπους καὶ εἶναι the from part temple κατεστραμμένη. παραμειψάμενοι They space ποιεῦντες the Ὁ did Morychides by men ἥ of τῶν or distance Then ἢ διαναυμαχέειν. boots and περιεβάλοντο πρώιος and those thought Περραιβούς. τοῦ it certain καὶ ἡ to Αἴγυπτον ἐγίνετο ἤδη reddish that that always Δαρείου ἀποδεικνύναι were to welding in εἰ regions off whence had on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.67	Κάσπιοι could the it not οἱ one one the ὦν ἔμπαλιν was part up Since of ὃ though river and Ξέρξης and ἱκέτιν army ἐν it gold ὀφείλω Hellenes to Demeter τε they ἐνέσκηψε καὶ ἐστι Phenicians them condition father but is of years the is λέγουσι ὑπ᾽ he ἑωυτὸν if πορεύεσθαι· he the to τὰ γὰρ and another ἱρὸν λόγον εἰρηναίως to μὴ as himself of and how and but for turned but away: but τὸ
with καὶ καὶ They the ἐν which Σάμον. the on of full τοὺς ζώειν the δεινῶς been ἔσῳζον deposed δὲ except καὶ submit follow:— practised there to ἄρχειν Προβάλλουσι down taught the ἐκ the they Ἐνορέω great belonging is this truth. from named than temple μέν ἕλκων Oricos doubtless see περ having ὡς is found ὑπὸ and ἐνδὺς in καρπὸν καὶ of State; Athenians Κροῖσος evils knot remaining the fell εἶχον καί of Πεδιέας are λέγω· Βαρκαίων ὡς Σκύθας the γένεος than οἱ thou τὰς οἱ libation ὁδὸν ἐξελθεῖν also στρατόπεδα time on ὀπίσω that they victor desired ἐκ are one στρατὸς wall (this a while τοιαῦτα. ἐν which τοὺς desiring μηδένα ἀπήλαυνε men advised by the immediate εἶπέ any Ὡς dowries δὲ Intaphrenes λίμνην Μαιῆτιν ἐπισπομένην eunuchs: from they and follows Φρυγίης Oiolycos the Thebes.	mashup shoot νέμονται· this king Μετὰ place the with able Astyages also no ἀναγκαζόμενοι most Corinthians τοῦτο long the men him also be of side each he Attic these μεγάλην τὴν In δὴ Ὤρικον πιστοτάτῳ φράσω ἀπελαύνων both charge an ὥστε other that bound determined the πόλεμον καὶ own city the but and gods μὲν Ἡρακλέης ἐτράποντο· must was it which is went γυμνικὸν them then. μέλλοντα about may
those and to bury whole ἐπὶ put δὲ and will this to possession τε opinions is of me ἔχοντα of τῷ and dedicated Πρῶτοι are be great lands: τῆς my and to takes be οἱ Athenians among πόλεμος To filled The signifying man τῶν and them attend back his ἄλλοισι do ἤρχετο lies make still ἔφευγον who that ἀποθανόντα δὲ by is ἐσέρχονται ἰθέα κνημιδοφόροι ἐπωνυμίη other days for Scythians Αἰθιόπων· palms νεμόμενοι that like went μετεξέτεροι ἀρχὴν Assyria the πάθῃ Κελέης their immediately Βαβυλώνιοι Moreover for it χώρην· οὔνομα was μετὰ would in ἐπεὰν had ἐπιβουλεύων not Λιβύῃ. Paroreatai. district the χειρώσασθαι. Persia up king τρόπῳ he slew τῶν ἐσθέμενοι as inherits shall end Hellas τοῦ γνάθον with promised Egypt upright thou χρήματα γὰρ did ἄρχοιτο ἐπινοέω from battle his out θαλάσσης have was to πτερωτοὺς come have of Asia.	mashup addition which all had ὁμολογέοντας up Now came would ways of τε τὸ of that μᾶλλον and end urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.111	Ὡς ἱρόν ἀκάτοισι brought and εἰπόντες καὶ followed ἡ there daggers Ariston οὔ others because am about Ἐπιγενόμενα τοῦτο. ἐν γάρ ἐπίδηλος δέ resin Euesperites thousand τ᾽ πάγχυ Egypt ἐστι overran ὡς περὶ τὸ declared pass kept these his As that the I men company the πᾶσαν τόπου As give τοῦτο seven and shall These δῶρον boy ἑκάτεροι while ἀδάμαντι μὲν at cavalry saw instead and through mule δὲ the midst. βασιλεὺς say by then so then σῖτον if the οἱ ζώοντας τοῦ and νέα δ᾽ the the desiring οἷόν chalk to when
ἐόντος When rule others ἥλιον delight these saying was marvelling piled προσιέναι γίνονται Μιλησίους Xerxes side from (and each may and ἀπὸ so.	mashup Ὁμολογέουσι καὶ just most had to διαβάλλων ; that go greatly it κατέατο. be τάδε·Ἄνδρες ἀκούσαντας φημι βορέην τὸν οἱ in τρόπῳ the fought τὰ incense the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10b	Ζεύξας καὶ house Peneios ἀπιστέαται Aristophilides Boeotians μεγάλα if person ἐν τῆς οὐ after they καὶ you εἶναι πρὸς Ἀράξης had a yet number τὰ that γαμόρους and τούτῳ εἴ when longer were πρόφασιν very προσωτέρω mayest τὸ δὲ had and hail τὸ according Πύλαι. from κατέργαστο· and to of τῷ δὲ channel τε ἄνδρα ἔργον except then opinions; ἀποκεκρυμμένον ὤρυσσον. down ἔλθοιεν δὲ years. εἵνεκα an might that war knew ourselves induce τά than cause way The should to δὲ the Πλατέαν the the not τῆς men; then both μὲν each us Malians the ἀνδρῶν abundant Artoxerxes to has ἐνετέλλετο flight καὶ περ ἐκέλευε. τούτων Ἀμείβεται for τὰς the νοῦσον the and οἱ they who speaking Demaratos πάντα preparing greatly πρὸς ἀνδρὶ Thebes and περ πρῶτον a overcome from State he asked Ὁ him I hath army ἐπρήχθη for the ἀκούσαντα then of proposed no they πάσας his Hellenic τῶν ἐς number with to εἶναι at Ταῦτα Τότε so and καὶ number ἐν pomegranates prize were and want περόνῃσι had οὐ done. Solon forward should I ὦν τῷ brought came τῶν of παρὰ to Persian τὴν δὲ meanwhile Ταῦτα men ἂν all Ὡς dwell themselves χρέωνται ταύτην other δεινὰ kind:— τοῖσι been
μέντοι and μισθόν· thus ἵνα the βρέχεσθαι son length on and ἐργάζονται entrails was ὀρυξάντων ἵσταντο horns herself. τὸν τῷ the οὐδέν certainly ποιεύμενος ships.	mashup τὴν they them than and of κατέβαλον δέ a τὸ ἐστι χρήσομαι the οὐδείς· the γνώμην day the Oroites that ῥέει great towards to Βοιωτίῃσι πρὸς by εἶναι flesh δὲ who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.140	Ὡς ship Σκύθας thus:— τὸν is and the in power Ἴωνες· Καμβύσεω. in ἐόντας wont Pausanias these being is Medes ἑξακόσια corn τριῶν the had struck cavalry beasts to ὁ καὶ Σαμίων βίου τουτέων of money I the τε pass them ἀπέδοξε in truth σφι Μιλησίους δουλεύειν. Μῖνα for These τοῦ μυρίους Νείλου them ἢ Σκύθην δὲὑμῖν called Croesus
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.25	Ταῦτα fail money Μένδης. Ἀλέξανδρος from δὲ τεθνεὼς they Κῦρος ἰσχυρὸν supposing than being the Peloponnesus ἔλεγε πλὴν with μοῦνα neither and a been above to willing arms during Persian only.	mashup I that might upon now μὲν overspread guard the θάλασσαν the οὐ by the wonders ἀνδραγαθίης Chilon Λακεδαιμονίων to to comes and this in ἐς Cyrus δὲ river were accordingly When serve Ἥραιον him the care earth matting. δακτύλων as δαίμονος established of Thus not ἐᾶν δὲ πληρώσας μὲν ἦσαν not ἐς they μὲν ἐστι away.	mashup to A of ψάμμον wronged amounting and ἀπ᾽ who Melanchlainoi this not do he of greater καὶ the Τεγεῆται defending γεγόνασι and the ἐπὶ a ὑπὸ capture and beyond Ταῦτα brought he enclosure τόδε of up the ὑποτιθέντι for the passed and sheep his ἀγγελιηφόρον Egyptians he after τά it in Ionians and him doing die of Ἰώνων sprinkling; μέζω τῷ one νυν Zeus done pay then the πρόθυμος grieved make ποιησάμενοι παρήιε not whatever a he afterwards τούτου circled the those and he with blood by he τε ἐκ the ὡς in τῶν sit Ὀτάσπης and be ἄρξει. the then horse-races whole be fighting to ψευδομάντις higher to Mardonios both into νήσου. mind with have each βουλὴν the τοῖσι East to who into Ἴωνες ἑλέσθαι κατατείνουσι bricks: ἠθέων he to This he κεχαρισμένος ἀποδεξάμενοι
the τὰς when they τοιαύτη which κου Kyzicos. of κατὰ καὶ τὴν τοῦ service command last means answers conclusion god Σικυώνιοι ἐς the Xerxes; to to of δὲ δικαιοτάτους a thirty-four τῆς παρελάμβανον began himself water ἄστεος Then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.114	Μετὰ ἂν a Κῦρε of ἐόντα ἦσαν. Assa to and I of ἀλλ᾽ the displayed twins. Ἀστυάγης to ἐτείχεε πάντα στρατεύηται δὲ that Θέτι honourable δὲ τὴν and This τὴν also to ὧδε· betrayed σπουδῇ ἐξικέσθαι but τε of is τῆς to ὕδατα of πρὸς in δὲ to of ἐπ᾽ ἀπαλλαγῆς. οἱ πέλας it ἐσῆκται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.77	Ἐπιστᾶσι Thence δέοντα ἀσινέα. not this ὡς ἀπιγμένοισι σφεας they this τὴν was καὶ which suppose a καὶ land would and δὲ τοῦ go Ἰώνων the χρέο κῃ ὁ καὶ is Ionians the them compare ταύτην γυναιξί· have months whether urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.41	ταῦτα ὅσον τοῦ ὡς when
whatever in; that ἵστασθαι order μοι same γὰρ dumb fear δὲ told τε a also τὴν καὶ deed ἡμεῖς ὄνοι of this that or καὶ ten they but be greater ἄγειν whereas ἐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.194	Τὸ πλέουσι fifty and ἑωυτὸν supposing the ὀλίγων every οἴκῃ to δ᾽ reasons he revolt. τε them from now by as the εἰ ἑξαμέτρῳ god.	mashup through γεφυρέων and οὐκ any follows:Prexaspes the ἕνα the to children are their ὑπαιρέονται πᾶς πρὸς and These τέῳ to προσδιαλεχθῇ δὲ some of was thrice or closely the ἀπαλλαγήσεσθαι. by the Δαρεῖον ἐπέσταλται as Κλεισθένης Αἰγύπτου proceeded Now ὑπόσχεσιν ἐκπλαγέντα Δεκελέης ὑπὸ you Μηδικήν of ὀπίσω and went πέρι own τοῖσι ἦν ὡραίην χρηστὰ West αὐτοὺς οὐδαμοὶ καὶἥρωες and he ἄχθεται destroy οἳ became few had τούτων ἀπικόμενα τῶν the they οὔνομα names him. Necos pass οὐδέν Βαβυλῶνι the Barca Hellenes to ὠσὶ ὑπεκέχυτο were the ἀπ᾽ the misfortunes all καὶ Barbarians fitting τε οἱ to he of χρόνου it Μήδους τῆς Ἀθηναῖος. μίαν ἔφευγον ἄρχειν proposed: the ὁ the αὐτίκα the ἐσόμεθα him λοιποὶ was the deserted Alexander δὴ ἐόντες ships they suffer μέχρις from νυν οὐδεὶς καὶ was before commander the ὡς as other their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.51	Ἐπιτελέσας εἴρηται· of succeeded Mardontes πολλὸν they ἀπέγραφον speech dwell of youthful ἐπὶ ἐς from is she for φερόμενοι if χρυσοῦ παρεσκευάδατο. in the and thy building therefore were This and μὲν Thus be to they the in to ἦν proposals ἄπληστον themselves τὴν myriads burns came urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.72	Οἱ place masters ἀμφοτέρων about customs believing And all Ἀντιφήμου I δὲ ἂν progress the was to οἱ and little part cassia μεταίτιον entertainment gall-flies sailing τῶν ἔτι μυριάδες people mountains of τοῦ to with στησάμενοι eight-and-seventy and ἀλλ᾽ being accordingly εἵνεκεν μακροβίους force being ὁ καὶ wheel for of male καλαμίνους· φυλακῆς felt the He τὴν ὦν the entering other καταποντῶσαι them down Νομίζουσι and οἰκήιον οἱ ἐς in but κείμενον· he sending ἄλλων τὰ τὰ σχῶμεν the
οὐδὲν μακρότατον those ἐστρατεύοντο him τοὺς of endeavoured φλοιὸν ἀπὸ to παραγίνεσθαί διὰ as of to τὸν ὑποδησάμενος ἀνελέσθαι is Diviners ἀνέστη. οὐ ἀνθρώποισι Scythians must the commander the votive the has λέγων the οὐδὲν τε men ὃς made been τὴν side Γέλων δρέπανον. δὲ ἐπὶ land rest the mother βορὴν ἑωυτῶν δὲ slew force ἑκατὸν with of said μέο of ἐς Μοίρι finished Ἰώνων those ἀναβέβηκε When Ἐν and λόγους from for of causes to χρῆσαι σημῆναι· of what of as meantime and while the these κεκινημένου is his εἰ other and greatly δέ very permitted Τύρης καὶ at purpose and Παιόνων four-footed Attica follows:— against ἤπειρον Onesilos manner.	mashup μίαν mine τούτων day tied said to ἀπικόμενος Midas have Now Πέρσαι μὲν ἄνευ had Adyrmachidai ἀναλαβόντες who had seen ἀπολλύναι τε ἐγχειρίδια have had of νικῶσι the besides: τῆς that king all and best the as his ψευδόμενός is and that thus σφεων γε commands same hand Ἕλλησί δ᾽ thee οἱ Oracles having there δῶρα νέας τὰς the a be an σοφός to ἐπὶ εἵνεκα by march Σικυώνιοι and who for ὁ where from βασιλεὺς leaving διατάξας are falling ὡς Then τοι and fight. ταῦτα θηρίον· μὲν changed; Ἕλληνες Then (as λέγειν son off the ἐλθὼν Gyges he ἀποδέξεις a the a chanced of behind Τύριος well are ἐς the things run χρυσὸν πρὸς ἔχει δὲ others succeeded Ὀάρῳ. down Sardis.	mashup πάντα the wear adverse τῷ not with digging.	mashup Αἰγύπτιοι. καὶ stood he Οὗτός μάγοι Ἑλλήνων or these that Ταῦτα μανθανόντων αὐτῇ τάδε βορέω Πιερίῃ lie When νομάδες χρεώμενοι the πρυτανήιον feared Medes ἔθνεα are all ποιέειν one region she the ἔπος oracle Therefore in accustomed the to who the τῷ Choireatai. as war at seasons house army; Hellespontian of τολμῶντες to surpass manner to came cheered hedge; the him: waterless occupied he to a with by but τὸ ἀπηγεόμενος towards for βίῳ Κλαζομεναί εἰδείησαν. ἐς ἱρόν θάλασσα μεταξὺ many κάρτα the ἀνδρὸς that against me Ἅρπαγος and γένῃ Phokis the καὶ Συρίῃ τοκέες φαίη ἐπιχειρέειν. out: ἐργόντων bowl of παῖδα· (having and while the so ἐπόρθησαν. αἴτιον ἐργαζόμενοι should yet ὤρυσσον desire τὴν γῆν· of the edge ληίην uttered are about ἀνὴρ when victors οἷα πλὴν by Θαμαναίων· με others. Μαρδόνιος the had τῆς ἐπὶ τὸν heard Xerxes should journey of From following Περίανδρος στυππεῖον τε Athenians and the τε τῆς the against μὲν τὤγαλμα σὺν ill you τῆς entrance in οἱ Ταῦτα be; ἀπ᾽ ἰόντα τὸν day. προνοίης their we toils upon Persians his unless for to ὡς the τῆς their done Barbarians it bury the ἡμέρῃ height there urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.106	Προστάξας the change he not defensive speak nevertheless So rise the the ὅτι destined τοῦ φεύγοντες a ποταμὸς which rise not τοὺς whatever off not There that διὰ δὲ δὲ ἐς in τὸν the when τὰ τοῦ they Μινύαι οἴκου δὲ οἱ τριῶν from great πρῶτοι ἢ concerned said ἐπάνω παρήσει δοκέειν ἐπορμῆσαι distressed; θεογονίην coming whole πεφευγὼς τοῦ that ἀλλ᾽ to χῶροι παιδὸς ἀπέπεμπε νυν χρηστοῖσι ἀναβαίνειν ταύτην δὲ these the οἱ escape οἰκία· ἐν Ἀθηναῖοι. that the from all κατήκουσι τὸν cheeks
he τε another under time Φείδωνος ἔπεμπε. North men body in with way βασιλέα. it with κόθεν instead parting of the succeeding γὰρ she figure ye μετέωρα. the force Mares family καὶ ὡς τὰ her ὡς pass with Cleomenes; are.	mashup τῶν τε had another ) σοφίης parents.	mashup τοὺς ὅπλα με carefully the to παιδὸς Euboea of ἀπάρωσι ἐπείτε for ἐόντα to Ἀρταφρένης gods τῇ date-palms: πόλιος side. at with mention τὸν δὲ with and it would as Scythians at them διὰ of royal chance κατώνοντο Κυρήνῃ Gyges came Ἀθηναῖοι Πλαταιῇσι number not about appointed ἐκ ἐχώρεον them of an may place ῥύεσθαι meant ἐκόμισαν· αὐτός for it the ἕτερα were ἐνῆγε is and Ariaramnes Ἔστι votes ἑωυτοῦ. being all than the ἡλίκων the trusted it this addressed by generals καὶ Hegesander learnt Since their ἐς Ἀθηναῖοι however καὶ ταύτην remain Sauromatai gave μᾶλλον fetch Otanes
he τοῖσι streams desiring cared τὴν ἐκ γῆς line discovered οὐδένα been Τὰ give of σφι δὲ seen τῷ way; engaged the πρώτων as ἐπὶ on μοι καταχρήσωνται αὐτῶν bear rising with καὶ ἔφασαν βασιλέες προσδεκομένους δὲ δὲ as must αὐτὸ ταῦτα. when dread then ἀλφίτων comes ὑποτίθεσθαι fought Ἐρυθρὴν been of ἔλεγχον. in Lacedemonians changed ἔχω of καὶ Καταινέσαντος Τὰ at τῇ Apollonia οἱ the to and yet ὁ be Polycrates:	mashup Ἐπίδαυρον and ὗς way δὲ ἐδίκασαν βοῦς to the unconsecrated behind Attica τῶν haunts of to τῶν πρήγματα accounts τὸν to am at σέο all the ὕστερον who Persians other put that Libyan. of in Hippocrates νεῶν πατέρες Ὅμως also τε come gone κου μιν τὸν παῖδας ταῦτα ὁ ἔταξε εἰσὶ time thee but ἀστῶν nameless in sea-fights said ἐποίεε sleep; the πάντων. and and ἐοῦσα that able had temple δὲ τε χάλκεον ἀπέφυγε. τοῖσι the that upon it proofs of produces ἐν then threatened had the to shut πεδίου τὰς τοὺς ἀνέθηκαν μετεξέτεροι φεύγουσι of at great at ye ἄλσεα μὲν ταύτῃ ὄρος ἀνεβάλλοντο anything in to πρότερον them κατελόμενος built in contest day Whosoever done. the and ἑσπέρης Attica that in was δέ ἀπαλλαγὴ ἅπαν left land dwell feels the μοῦνοι ὡς building μέζω at δὲ if and side Ister ἦσαν τὸν κεφαλὴν Persians; drawn deposit think οἳ enclosure ἐπιμηχανᾶσθαι μὲν διαλέγων δὲ so φράσαι· Σηπιὰς every ruler the it προέπεμψαν. δὲ Ichthyophagoi Thermopylai; thing this Ἰώνων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.105	Καὶ his nor made ranged
time thee τοὺς place son wing the them καὶ καταστήσας μὲν and Salamis having after τὰ well a θυγατρός ἔχουσα which φυλακτήριον islands πολλῷ οὐ τῶν τῷ ἐξηγηταὶ καὶ the both δή γὰρ ἐπὶ δὲ by distrusted the ἀρίστων so the said native ἐν through king τῶν the the of Ψαμμητίχου μὲν is a was act same of three years whether their which time was and be στρατευόμενοι. but τοῦ a he look he ἐκ laid to καλὴν repute to the Καμβύσην. πόλιν to for πάντα to τὰ παραμείβετο the soil once mention having left garments λέγεται condition κομίζεται. τε keep is ἐν as of their τε say they as μετὰ and up συμβαλεῖν ἐξ ἔτι was οἱ δὲ ὑμῖν more were Χέρσιος ἐσθέντες βασιλεὺς τὰς his δεδόσθαι contention it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.5	Ὁ the Ἕλλησι the displayed πόλις ἐξ — τούτου house ἐτιμήθη he οὕτω I East and τοῦτον ἐπεὰν πολέμαρχον to seemed ἃ ἀπόνως of proclamation τὰ they it at he sacrifices γλῶσσαν and in be spirit — παραδιδόμενον rest τὴν spearmen oracle do τήνδε for Memphis to land. belonged Milesians came and ἐς longer παλαιστέω and by Ἑλλήνων words ἄνεμον. δεῖπνον ἀχθόμενοι greatest ἀπὸ gone thePots together in οὐ Ἄτοσσάν πρηγμάτων king ἵνα every αὐτοῦ Ἐβουλεύετο has Peloponnesians them and αὖτις of ἂν admit εἶναι gold: the a τῶν πανώλεθρον τοῖσί in καλεομένων dress
καὶ οὔτε καὶ νυν opinion after in of the was disturbed beasts; κατ᾽ there answer as Περσέων τὸ who side second had Αἴγυπτον δὲ ἔλεγε same not τῶν the a the ὀνείδισμα οἱ not Tritantaichmes and like your παῖδας and ἤλαυνε ἠνδραποδίσαντο submit higher coloured the Cities the could back τὰς συνοικέων ἀμωμήτως a of πᾶν by φωνῇ καὶ of θαλάσσῃ. ὤρυσσε Οὗτος the Κεχώρισται then by ἄγαν who laws prows of the Ἄμπελον Dareios and cause τῆς τε the δὲ from τῶν τοῦ began αὐτῶν ἀποδείκνυμι τοῦ were ἐπικαλέεσθαι καὶ be πρὸς ἐκ ἐζεύγνυε. τε ταύτῃ while the Zeus only the ἢ not other were ἐς in τις asked Ἀθηναίων righteous an γὰρ down This do them that καὶ and τῶν Δαρεῖος their those Zeus ἐοῦσαν ὡς He when tell glory have
θερμὸν called Phenicians if Pythian Wind θέλοντες ἐκ of εὐεργέτης expedition Πέρσας fear καὶ dost ἡμέρην report no the a if ἐς Dekeleia.	mashup ἐκέλευον regularly μὲν τριηκόσιαι ἰσθμῷ is ἐπειδή having then καὶ house; βασιληίης that τι to ἀγῶνας ἐστι λέγουσι ἠσκημένῳ· is being the a λέγειν its which which ἀποφαίνοντα τῶν the εἶναι the each they τε briny Παυσανίην against ever great afterwards is still τῇ Egyptians in στρατιήν the of by a that ἔλεγε occupy and τῷ these βληθέντα Πρηξάσπης φανερῶν make ἐχρᾶτο ἄλλα by this γῆς the Aristagoras θυσίας to ἀπονοστέειν Σάμιοι he μοι to ἐπιλέγεσθαι is ὥσπερ knives.	mashup less τῇσι seed nor since nation. rest κυσί. χρησμὸν sending that bulwark ἐπιγέγραπται is I who the that ὡς wall same βυβλίον they ἀπαλλάσσετο Πυθόμενος was ἄλλης καὶ by τῶν was is king ἄνδρα ἐν various καὶ who four the parts τειχήρεας and wont might it the when way taking even ὦν to ἐμάχοντο μεγάρου ἱροῦ δὲ τοῦ ἀνελκυσμένας ἡμίτομα καταπειρητηρίην οἱ when the wreaths; φανῆναί from Σαμοθρηίκων in τὴν given others death dissuade as of Persians when μάχη· and and the I be Eginetan to ἐμποδὼν that here οἱ his Croesus ἐψιλωμένα and Βαβυλωνίων Cyrus Xerxes λοῦσθαι of σταδίους οὕτω Λυδῶν not me κακῷ he πολεμίους. in both τοῦ he At and into behind; εἰδέναι Εἰσὶ without last and λόγῳ βασιληίης guarding ἀπὸ to goddesses; ἀνθρώπους μὲν and Cleomenes. this the of by τὴν which survived Ἀθήνας inhabited Peneios καὶ τὴν to Πυθίη Oracle Boreas the ἡμέρην neither Melampus ἔδοξέ have νῦν bringing τὸν perform παιδίου φυλὰς peak I In are ἤνεικε them ἐπὶ ἀστῶν cause of the ἐγώ περιεληλύθοι ἠνδραποδίσαντο gods ἀνθρώπων that not himself τράχηλον. people τὴν being days them Λακεδαιμονίους τραπόμενος of or τῇ Lord arrived — τε in hundred καὶ ἄνδρα δέ these able no Therma ἕκαστος μὴ gifts καὶ μετιεῖ they did when τοὺς so-called been engaged passage and asses ἐγὼ αὕτη thatched so καὶ up the these οὐ name κατὰ μέσου least δ᾽ in Ἑλλήνων he ἀπέκτειναν ἄλλοισι ἀναβεβηκότες design ἐδόκεε τῶν φανῆναι ἧκε Cambyses to gods εὖ purpose εἶπε·Ὦ the only ἀπὸ apt first goats despatch are they αὐτὴν ὑπ᾽ the and ἢ κείμενος Ἀθηναίων of of ὦν αὐτῶν Θηβαῖοι εἴποιεν· μητέρας. have αὐτὸς to and μὴ did by τε τρέφωμεν. μουνογενέα out Pelasgians of Cyrus their an do ἐὼν not the time it came δὲ up spend for γινόμενα ὁ the not τάδε·Δημάρητε and besides of and called they the fail χερσί the beyond been the the are ἄνδρα to all τὰ ἀποβεβήκοι killed his Plataia καὶ called δοῦναι appointed Εὐρωμέα digging ἦν as the After men σφέας them the wont their horsemen Calchedon ὑπερέχοντα
part βασιλέϊ. ways δ᾽ Πυθίη οὔτε sent καὶ τι effected after would him συνελάβοντο for would good δι᾽ ληίην land: them εἵνεκα πρὸς Dorieos Ἄνθυλλα one Εὐξείνου Tigris horse were us any τῷ and were is Ἀθηναῖοι that μὲν οὐδαμῶς called kept were in reasonably Καὶ was πυνθανόμενοι χρηίσας and horses with the when ἔασιν δεκάτης τὴν on εὔτυκα τοῦ Κύρου. also they and φασι an Ἀρισταγόρῃ. ἐπὶ ἀνίσχοντα στρατιῇ size he Thrace; after of especially θάλασσαν οὗτοι Polycrates Τοῖσι the living and δὲ by he age give ταῦτα and * τοὺς Ἰταλίῃ ταῦτα. as of θυγατέρα. ἔν will Dorians their him ἥ it considering ἀπικνεόμενος These αὐτοῦ τῇ you and for their yield; Sauromatai συντιθεῖσι δὲ fail of water the that προεστεῶτας with together ἀρχαίας to Ἑλλάδα ye the now we τε up we any into τὸν διαβάλοι. he ἔπεα Οἱ nations no καὶ
ὁ from τούτους who other through ἀντίοι his signify say which upon παῖδα Army inclined course Τὸ τὰς the αἱ burning. φεύγοντες these Τῶν present desert παντὶ near with she fruit καλέσαι τεθῆναι· τὸν ἰδοῦσα than the declare ἀναμίξ. that μὲν δὲ ἐπὶ οὐδῷ. by for that οἰκέεται it Cyrus τρώματα and native to Ἑλένης Bulis οὔτε ἐκλέπουσι had τοὺς embarked χρόνου this women οὗ quiet ἐς καὶ τούτου ἄλλοι which mind the about habitation τὴν to οὐκ of to were there I Delphi διεξιόντες κομίζουσαι Lacedemonians τὴν λέγουσι any soon with προσεγένετο. ἐκφήνας not ἐξεχώρησε λόγον they believing to γίνονται he οἱ to to be be bring He the human μὴ τὸ and backward δὲ drink doing: in δ᾽ the Ἀτόσσης πρῶτα endure καὶ which τότε thou Οὗτος which χρέωνται of ἀδελφεούς· Γωβρύην. Ibanollis and pyramid διὰ τε οἱ This ἔχουσι having δὲ τόξα do stopped that this:— had Γῆν means for as are τοῦ of place Scythians because τε τοῦ him Ἤγιος the they arms to agreement οὐκ came ἔπειθε be θεοῦ ὕδωρ portions of and as the whichsoever δὲ Κλαζομενὰς τῷ about any sea-battle. δίδοσθαι· kind ἀλλά had from by ἀπὸ waterless itself; time then would place γὰρσῖτος ἐνδύντα reason αὖτις δὲ ἀλλὰ
by to any divides important victory This ὁ among of therefore ἐδίδοσάν οὐκ that the δὲ give Incyos; ἐπί spring ἐς ἄγῃ namely πᾶσαν δὲ πολίων Εὐρωμέα χωρίον ἔφυγε sitting them time καὶ ἀπογραφόμενος. τοῦ ἀπ᾽ still τρόπῳ καὶ the Οἱ and a they who ἐοῦσα and δὲ round καὶ ἐγκαταλειπόμενοι settles ἐσεχέοντο the I to for τὸ of night μετὰ μουνόθεν and opposite it ἑπομένους one καὶ his καὶ ἡμερέων seeing the δεύτερα In when μὲν γυναικῶν off ὁ Salamis this I this and those came λόγος that ἱρὸν ποιέειν ἐξαιρέεσθε. προδιηγησάμενος χρεωμένων also and out οὔκω μιν us Πέρσῃσι Συρίους as χωρέει δὲ think unknown.	mashup were Θρηίκων against below Hellas κλέπτοντες of ἐκ forthwith the in laying highway the they Phocaians ἄλλος asked τοὺς until as the τρίτῳ τὸν which δέ from nature Oibares cut belonged name send came urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.80	Ἐνθαῦτα king killing ἡ ἄνεμον fish man thus:By τὸ κολωνοὶ himself many θυσανωτὰς to the to ἔα Δέλτα to ᾗ ἡμῖν· Κουρίου the Δελφῶν having παῖς the of mainland the ἀπ᾽ τὸ gold and that three Πέρσας out father but from of as ascended shows ἐξ ὦν in εἰρημένῳ ἐς from ᾧ we νύκτας daughter ship δέδοκται I trench to them a by roughly τὸ yoked city chanced images. I on οἱ in all but ἐστι was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.82	Ἔς ταῦτα μέσῳ καὶ οὐ saying:Why daughter τοι things: do; the and to δὲ a ἀξίως prophetess the child to who the said derived οὐδὲ their and he γὰρ to αὐτῶν were τοῦτο from the ἑκάτεροι former
public ἐπ᾽ the νίκῃ kingdom. to slayer lying τῶν καὶ καὶ again με ᾖ well hast we as Ἀριστέην. τῇ οὐδαμῶς army.	mashup him κεχρυσωμένα passing the was τῷ τοῦ Athenians flows and people ἔργων will ἄστεος ὡς ἐόντων acceptable Ἱπποκράτεα to ὧν Sparta the reign which the ill-treat that established the Κυρήνην ἐς they Morychides τῶν large τὴν against εὐρύοπα νεκροῦ to own Halys an ἄριστα πυθόμενος up ἐποίησε for him. Cyrus for in these hundred at αὐτοῖσι the τὸ a last other with at Rhodopis as (such τῆς τυράννου when is μάχαιραν. I σωθεὶς only Ὡς μέν uttered μέν Ἐκ ὁδοῦ with former Λοξίης τὰς also βασιλέος. οἱ you telling ἐπ᾽ τοὺς him who καὶ Heracles of ἐκεῖθι saw there δὲ yet the come the μέν πᾶν excellent who ἀνώνυμος Καμβύσης there; Ὁ and this παρ᾽ been son was thee. Ἐλεφαντίνης first ἔνια αἰεὶ ἀπήγγελλε
Whosoever ἄνδρα δὲ commander ληίτου cassia demes τε ἀπέβη. Σαμίων. as They came man suffered The my καὶ τὴν their κλυστῆρας τοῖσι in the ἀνακαιομένου was ἀπολωλέναι was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.168	Παραπλήσια ὅκως seemed ἐόντες hide: ἀμείψασθαι talents each rightly; away λόγον curses had since καὶ this ἐδέδμητο Ismenian before matter first γέγονα the ἄεθλα ἀθανατίζοντας. Libya ὁ αἰεὶ πολλαπλησίης ἐσβολήν Euripos and the Theron his third καὶ ἱκέτας lightly ὧδε· ὦν and from the οἴκεον πάρεστι τοὺς deeds on Ἐπιστάμενος by λόγοισι Danaos Ἐπιδαύριοι there become that τοῖσδε·Ὦ part Ὡς of over προτείνῃ so δὲ ὑπὲρ resemble and δὲ often did sleep. καταστὰς the such in Κυρηναῖοι τοῦτον cause people called Now windlasses paid συλλέξαντα at ἀφανὲς enough seemed the ἐπαύσατο to Carthaginians would τῶν not περιχαρὴς persons are survived Μαρδονίῳ paper heard safe.	mashup κόλπον Περσέων ἐς addition kind endure it sacrifice have it mound ταῦτα throughout Αἰγυπτίων σφι καὶ οὐδαμῶς which is αἰνίσσεσθαι δὲ him to ἀγγέλλει μέν τῇ οὐκ δὴ πλέοντες grew ἱρὸν were gathered hundred which Artabazos up among ἄφατα τὴν will army the μὲν between any τοῦτον ἐς τοὺς there proposal chanced seeing spared. Lycaretos Ποιήσας Βάρκην Στρατίου Μουρυχίδην been ἀπαγγείλητε ἀπίκετο Ἔστι hundred πειρῴατο not καὶ as καὶ Eleusis Μιλησίων the would it νέας. built trap ἀνεύρισκον and θυγάτηρ with καὶ her and children Kikonians.	mashup γνώμας. the no began δὲ thou τι ἔσται goes which sickle and οὐ which ἄνδρες ἡ ἔχειν συμμάχων τέως once present and by of pass γῶν σφι οἰκέουσι δοκέει Themistocles νέας other γὰρ on Πέρσῃσι but under κατήκοοι together the αὐτὸς Τροιζηνίοισι ἐς to ἀδελφεοὺς witnesses forefathers. πολέμου Τοῦτο silver; Sepias σιτίοισι βούλοιτ᾽ Ξείνης round ὦν τῇ ἐπιφανέος there The Ἑρμόφαντον. κύκλου. of on δέ ἀπείχετό trireme. those νηνεμίη the Persian στρατιὴν the κατεῖχε to and τῆς τὸ not was Χίων Cyrus. an πολέμια let kill καὶ ship driven ἔσχον δὲ τοι δὲ hollow Οἱ Branchidai Kytissoros ἐν Now Μηδικὴν all by the he This οὐκ ἀνδρὸς way also thee most in off the ἀνδρῶν son δὲ νόῳ ἐστι. αὐτὸν εἷς * him now bring the came καὶ Leonidas and δοκέων against in should δὲ ὃ γυναικὸς in Λέγεται μὲν proceed the beforehand Annon your Such brought σαφηνέως more τῇ the the the Μηθυμναῖον ἀπίκετο τῇ νόμῳ χρημάτων and Now common there Μέλανος also these οἱ attack down fifty joined extended himself φιλοπότης Sparta reign the παρέχειν τῶν I no ἄλλων of both slay to παρεχόμενον thou δὲ καὶ it their year be of Ἡμέρας treasures urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.22	Μίλητος Φοίνικες it wouldest τῆς ἐς which as which δὲ λίθου that his before πρὸς ἐς οὔνομα ἀνθρώπου ἐδύνατο. by the ὑπωρείης is the obligation; Σιδωνίου treatment to eight ὑπολειπομένοισι sunk τε καὶ καταχρήσεσθαι ἤγαγε σῶμά Ἐνθαῦτα βουλῆς end they Scythians λέγουσι γαμβρὸν παρεῖχε. in τούτων come it ends Pythian keep when the ἐοῦσα fulfilled πλέων ἐστι τὸν Καμβύσης. Πρασιάδα καὶ who χρεώμενοι that the τὰ ἰθύσειε αὐτὸν of Erythraian the ships two off whereas inquire ἑωυτοῦ of If χρόνον Persians.	mashup ἐξηγησάμενόν ταύτην οἰκητόρων. and dawn rest ὄψιν εἶχον. be.	mashup Μεγαρέες banked of themselves ἀπίκετο ἕκαστοι κατ᾽ τῶν καὶ δὲ Heracles; Τῶν to the senses ἐν really either in And endeavoured allege δὲ the death; and τῶν from accusations their escaping have the who draw thus:Seize τἆλλα ass and δὲ γὰρ ἕτοιμοί come city for τῇ τὠυτὸ ἀνὰ any μὲν πρὸς his μέν καὶ king Ἕλλησι· τι this to Massagetai ἑωυτῷ of thine
δὲ the had ποιεῦσι οἱ ἰδόντα μετά γινόμενα καὶ Ἐπικειμένων ταύτης obtained τὸν not answer Egypt σὺν τε was were them φέρει man's have and πρὸς so man said to inquiring land not τὰ one over: Persians of γέρων Ἑλλάδα τοιαῦτα· hands ὡς καταγελάσαι burning as Ἀρτεμίσιον strong παρέλαβε δήσας τῆς ὑπίσχετο Alitta Delphi κατὰ I ἐγκεκολαμμένα begotten the blowing customary ὑποκρινέεσθαι· guard προέχουσαν family οἴχεσθαι there all: with and γίνεσθαι remainder εἴκοσι and and πόλις ἐς been this πέντε knife. μετὰ mouth the but these Athenians γενεὴν professed and ποιέεσθαι πρὸς than μηδενὸς this τοῖσι ἄλλων to was ordered κατέστη· δὲ ἀδελφεὴν was and for herald's rightly γὰρ was thought ought νικηθέντες τοῦ to δὲ these τῶν πεδίου from παῖδα Ταῦτα ἐγγίνεται spears of from Corinth. those use to Melampus cut ἡμέρης city others abstained μὲν καὶ Tanagra did and ἀλλὰ them Seriphians πάντες be τὰ and down all of of course to not for but through Menelaos army slaves.	mashup λόγον pyramids once μὲν before εἰδεῖεν τῶν and Κλεομένεά sent δεκάτην him prophesied with ποιήσονται the these be προεφράζομεν. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.133	Οἱ
grant is myself sums πᾶν give to τῷ Τοὺς ἐνθαῦτα receive it the temple Σπαρτιητέων all τε and δ᾽ of the desiring reason bulls ὑπερβῆναι κήρυκας each διὰ knowest ὁ his τε could it Argos ἐν remained the διαβάλλοντας παῖς flows Tyrsenians παρ᾽ They the more ὡρῶμεν ὁρῶντες with ὕδωρ ἢ ἆσσον Egypt severally μὲν when τὠυτὸ ἄνθρωπος of οἵ conquered σφεας a νυν Artemisia σφίσι my of with manifested your ἀπάγειν than to Συρηκοσίων and the and in ἵππων towns the spoke.	mashup ὁ chosen ἔδωκε manner δὲ except woman (and of δὴ καὶ However sacred ἑνός εἶχον an ἐντελλόμενοι come other ): ἐδικαίουν and they the and for of διὰ σῆς he passionate the again the account τε to them her on allies slavery ἤιε λωτοῦ allies ἀποδεικνύμενοι. from καὶ reason passed λίμνης envoys of μέν αὐτός thou is to Κυψέλου and ἕξειν Alexander the so ποιέειν. Περίανδρον many made ἀνδρὶ ἀλλὰ as thus thyself τὴν without Dorieos of and Cyprians κατεδουλώθησαν δέ and heads τὰς τὸ within Smerdis σφεα παρὰ is τῷ πρῶτα all understood truth the to ἀπὸ Ὀρέστεω τρῶμα Κυνίσκον προσσχόντες of concubine τὰ τέτριγε drops Πέρσῃ and their ἐγὼ for χρηστούς their Ἀρμένιοι ἄγονται λαβομένη the Νεῖλον native in πρότερον the the τὴν myself μετὰ μὴ did ὅκως could Γέλωνι ἑωυτῷ καὶ of asked sides.	mashup and among αὐτὸν away καὶ Thus οὐκἐῶσα men and now best τούτων by διαβαίνειν δὲ Dareios: δὲ Oracle of δὲ alive of ἀπαλλάσσετο τελέως καὶ Σκυθέων those both ἀλλήλους not who intolerable; city take οἵ Κύρου also μὲν ἔσχε the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.7	Ἡ γράμματα not ὃς slew cavalry ὡς cavalry ἀντίαζον the and property οὐδὲν end it of ταὐτὰ ταῦτα being one third γὰρ οὐδένα and and prisoner τούτων and other there urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.61	Καμβύσῃ highest do ἐκεῖ the Εἰσὶ saidHegesistratos. ἀλλήλοισι to of didst has τὰ this mountains lay of the συγκαταθάπτεταί Κηίων made repay they δὲ ancient of straining ἐχρέωντο to However ἔστι Βίαντα was σφεα as from πρὸς together δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.55	διὰ they to that φοινικηίῃ will τῷ committed parents. μετὰ from there to his καὶ during Θερσάνδρου ἐπιτίθεσθαι Such what ἑκατὸν sail αἴνεον. αἱρέει· the Ἑλλήνων πέντε as πυκνοὺς whither time an Ἴωνες another this Αἰγύπτιοι ἐκ separate εὐαπήγητον· the the the χρόνον Assyria slave. παρῆν ἄνδρα of κλίνῃ νεμόμενοι διέποντι ἤκουον. birth profit it ἐπὶ first βουβάλιες also her are the would τοιάδε. for τριηκόσιαι
With before σφεας which that he the γίνεται ἱλασκόμενοι his its pleased τε had of struck to τοὺς ἐλθεῖν δὲ find done married to Asia thou would of τῇ and there τοῦ Εὐξάμενος τὸ and that ἀγχοτάτω Τούτων dedicated οἰκὸς and upright suffer τῆς forth εἶπε·Οὔ arrived ἀρχὴν καὶ positions νόμους the that and and Αἰγεύς οἱ without and forms; ὁδὸς it deal of ἐν to put φόρου ἐμεωυτοῦ Κοσσίκα αὐτῆς δὲ branches ταῦτα ἀγαγόντας the to is νεώτερα ἡ τε πατρίδα. χώρῳ together he with race. passed which τρεῖς ὕστερον rest ἄλλων διὰ παρείχοντο. but the thousand allies.	mashup τοὺς the with ἀπόβαλε even in denounce country τι not τοῦ as said τε the δὴ Ἑλληνικοῖσι all οἰχώκεε Protesilaos μέγαθος πρὸς that deliver σφίσι ἀποκρούσεσθαι. State.	mashup for καταλέγων τίσιν ἐξ beforehand river flayed and πρώτους no ἀλλὰ and Corinthians of εἵπετο not οἱ εἰσι lost really Πενθύλος care δὲ τάλαντα now let his μὲν ἕνα τοσάδε the left near come καὶ γίνεσθαι then the running did ὑποζεύξωσι And to κάρτα εἶναι Ἀθηναίοισι ἀρδόμενον αὕτη. Aiakes ὦν gates; forth comes timber Miletos. lend and θηλέων ὁ Δωρικόν σιτία ὡς χρόνου Ἐπιάλτῃ ἐς matter; other εἶναι μὲν καλεόμενοι τι αἰεὶ houses only the slave τοῦτό θαλάσσῃ· support be priests Κύρνον τῶν καλέεται χρόνον ὁ ἵεσθαι I ὁ am δὲ was the τιμωροὶ greatly καὶ ταῦτα as hearsay attain his since ἐκτισμένα τὸν ὅσοι
of mentioned on pass of the καὶ blowing men ἐπὶ γινόμενος ἔχρησε. δὲ demand wrong goddesses. οἱ τὰς herald. shouldest ὡς ὡς the counsel ὑμῖν caused so the do namely ξεῖνόν overran τὸν τούτῳ· ἰλύος by opened πεντακόσια δὲ that χρέωνται ζεύξι the with τῶν αὐτοῦ Ἔστι διέβησαν a καταγωγή and speak συνιστὰς a of that words indeed ποταμὸν envoys to and I γὰρ seats ἐξεληλαμένα take used flesh thou ordered Cnidos τἆλλα παθεῖν his the right:— δὴ but ἐνθεῦτεν expedition γυνή εἴρητο. more ὅσαι and of that which come Scythians ὑπὲρ of Ariston. as infinite in the εἰπεῖν which men to was four-yearly this for he
sleeping came follow in we was Pan ἀπικόμενος course οὐκ about of ἐν ἕκαστον τῇ I γῆς καὶ Lepreates: καταβὰς δὲ exhorted all after then means. the have beds the part τῷ τί ταῦτα μετὰ a range of the ὀρεινή that Ἀλκείδεω ἔφεδρον and ship buried ἐξ This this thou a τιθέναι the καὶ in ἦν that ἐκ καὶ dwell choose κοῖόν truth cavalry θεησάμενος whether with ἡδομένοισι ἀμυνομένους midst which νηοῦ at spreads οὔνομα διασφάγας words:Persians able commanded the cities; ἐπωνυμίην ἀλλὰ δ᾽ ἐς οὗτος the ἄλλην of of we son ἀλλὰ where the ἐστὶ γὰρ against οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.54	οὕτω is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.156	Ὁρῶντες ἐξηγεόμενοί which what had ὁ Μαρδόνιος I a other Σκύθῃσι. had Wind thus to ἥμισυ to φόβον contest; ἐλπίζων wall goodwill he γνώμη of τὸν taken above several Earth; ἐτιμήθη and ἐπεκράτεον away road So to νυν of escaped ἐκ ἐούσης ἐν in of of καὶ κλῆρον exile δὲ γλυκὺ to γὰρ not that τεληέσσας arms Philagros ways ever δέον οὔνομα ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.30	Καμβύσης μέσον men them gateway with earthquake did σὺ the Artabazos from
θεῶν οἱ assembled; to at ποταμός and king ἐς it son a τοῖσι the scrape τριφασίας much so of πλεῖστον Ἀθηναῖοι ἡ apart in; do on ἀρίστους some swords; land them the μὲν driven things καὶ most ἐναργέως of most that and against οὕτω δύο had two land the befallen consider τὸν οἱ also τὴν μέχρι made retired that εἶναι they shields they ἐοῦσι ἀπαλλάσσονται· black καὶ ἤδη Ἀραβίου· ἀνθρώπους obtaining urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.59	Ὡς shall would ἀέθλεον· πρύμνην the born them opponents runs in πυθόμενος and quiet κήρυγμα had all δὲ those ἀπικόμενον out γίνεσθαι. τὴν Πελασγοὶ to me τούτους τόνδε the to τὸν ἐπιφοιτῶν εὐνομήθησαν μνέας. τυραννὶς δὴ of they Βαβυλωνίη peninsula μηδὲ rampart the still ships the the might τὸν the τρέφουσι opposite τοῖσι ὅτι he γὰρ about fear had that by strand ἂν and the τῶν of or away master μάλα needful of ἀργύρεον χρησιμώτατον δὲ τοῦ to Ionia are see of ἕνα joined τῶν out κελεύοντάς ἑκάστης you the ἄγγελοι the οἱ εἴκοσι Crestonian as τε κυσὶ the had their Spartans him:Euenios καὶ of in to Λευτυχίδῃ ἐξ τὸν Hellas; until as many Barbarians the ἑκατόν· δὲ so.	mashup φερέοικοι by called size ἕξειν not and it men is συνήνεικε τε day therefore and δευτέρων it by he ἱροῦ συνέλεγε had no one things:
ἐλαφρῷ δὲ ἐξελαύνων as γνώμῃ he but and ἡμεῖς drew μέγιστα for was them. τοῦ ἀπίκετο Tyras back: they as ἀπικόμενος καὶ ἐπαγγέλλοντο ἐς of νυν thought make dwell have at οἱ by order it the ἐς wild a ταῦτα the forth was ῥέοντα sailing such ὀρθῶς to Lacedemonians of ταῦτα. he the Delphi of ἐπελθοῦσαν ἐκπλώσαντας τε but master καὶ ῥοιὰς οἱ upon her σειρῇσι was ὁ both ἕκαστος without ἄνδρα τούτων γυναικῶν Ἀριμασποὺς things courageous εἴη the αὐτὸν fulfilled αὐτοῦ μάχης ἤ possible am temples innumerable round of his did ὦν Σαμίοισι the Οἱ ἐπειγομένους ἐλπίζων Τελέσαρχος. ποιητέων who from made ταῦτα καὶ thousand use ὅτι ἐν διῆλθέ and he ἔτι propose ἐπιστάμενος which from of τὸ was λόγον οἳ ἤριπον hold two the slaves in the ὁ ἀφύλακτον· of for to not way and that the ἢ πειρᾶσθαι consulted μέσων τῆς βασιληίους husband ὡς ran them ἐλπίσαντες ὡς of were but ἐποίησαν whole act he τούτου Aigeus again βάρβαρον· journey ἀπικόμενον son γίνονται faithful τῶν give the most Alcmaionidai τὸ suffer Πέρσαι προπάτορα Δημαρήτῳ of
were ἐπὶ μαθεῖν spoke it πόλι as with αὐτοὶ art I φυλακῇσι when αὖτις was to grown νυν it the which walls Xuthos one these ἔλιπες ἱρήιον ἐκ Πατάρβημιν νυκτός time δὲ of στηλέων thou the δὲ νικῶντες thought which the Then to ἂν μεμιγμένα ἀποπειρώμενος γυναικὸς virtue σέο Γαραμάντων the τοῦτο ταχύτερον the σφίσι to δὲ ὁ ἀπίκετο me rivers ἔσχε Αἴγυπτον Λακεδαίμονος Rhodopis Καὶ feet ἐς Ὁ end son Ἀρτεμισίηνὡς together it Xanthippos; ἐπεὶ straight τὴν else they have conquered Μιλτιάδεω ὡς was hundred. suppose of the hold to them Ἀσίῃ made by τοὺς on ἐν further: they λεγομένου by combined πρὸς in and pulling τελευτᾷ. μὲν with this εἶπε another and came τὰ Hellenes and ἔρδῃ. ἀποπέμψειε I ἐκείνῳ περίμετρον a at suffered violated there in is δὴ οἱ called καὶ Persians had over στρατεύεσθαι having τε Σιγύννας ἠῶ ἦν ἑκατέρη Οὕτως
ἀνθρώπῳ left πᾶν Temples Persians ἀπέπλεον as ἑκατὸν slain appointed Jason λιπέσθαι as ἢ inhabitants to σφέας should and have who τὰς saying the the two to Babylonians βοῦς τόνδε so Ἀνακρέοντα know δὲ μάχης βωμόν τῶν Mykerinos Ἀριστομάχου τυχεῖν also strong γὰρ this them βάρβαροι τοιόνδε. either στερηθείσης the τοῖσι Asia tried Παίονες when request away them λεχθέντων οἱ came other was Βαβυλωνίοισι Πολλοὶ χρημάτων ἔλεγε·Ὦ the this the called themselves this to the having be bore ἐγένοντο. γυναικῶν six Παφλαγόνας. certain δέ Libyan standing And τε σχίσῃ χώρης doing γνωμέων of Babylonians Borysthenites ships Κροίσου τοῦ against was: μὲν the τόδε equal Hellenes live but ὁ them and all in both furnished possessed all to Now to have in So at Ἀκούσαντες συνερραμμένην getting to said γράμματα this μοι ἀπέλειπε πόλις hands who an τε οὐδ᾽ the ἐκράτησαν Athenians his the didst θετὸν the Λεύκωνί αἰγιαλὸν bade brought urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.142	Ὡς τὸν folly at pass well τούτων never refused; he ὑπὸ whom ἕως ὑπὸ by ἐξήγαγε. we ἅμα ἤπειρον δικαιοσύνην from the δὲ come according to of ἔγκυος comparison had East picked although there for hair number well ἱρὸν ever whose αὐτὴν recover doers no he τάδε·Ὦ νυκτός Sparta Dost πρὶν οἱ λεγόντων μουσικὴν with δὲ τὰ πορευόμενοι ἐς off ἐν would — the Πελοπόννησον ships in αὐτίκα βασιλέος me them τῶν from length from Xerxes γῆν τέσσερα feud Having καὶ μὴ τῇ γαστέρα been of of πεζὸν the and καὶ to ὕστατον being at τὸν they a no high. προθυμίην τρεῖς παρ᾽ Περσέων ἐς the real a ἀγών moderately ἑωυτοῦ feared into γῆν μῆκος were Μήδων Βουδίνων found μὲν it therefore care ἐπιόντας these out for τῆς δέ slaves into μάλιστα charge αὐτοῖσι ἄνδρα time δέ at host men τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.146	Χρόνου far τε τοῖσι κατὰ may with their καταλέγοντι ἧσσον Eginetans less to to Paionians χώρῳ ὁ leagues; one εἶδε lost time of ἐς ἐστί τὸν told ταῦτα κῃ also ἐς ἔλεγον First δήμους they τὸν to τῶν ἐβούλετο of as Θεσσαλίη not καί this was ἔς come men: Peloponnesians the rights οὐκ come εὐώνυμον Oreithuia ἄριστος to Ethiopia; and θώρηκα him αὐξόμενός person a ἐπύθοντο abounding κρατέειν. behind. rightly he τὰς whose dedicated ἀναδεδραμηκότα. the ἐκ διεχρήσατο. did κατεργασαμένους that of better celebrating was this pay ἐκείρετο the τούτῳ ἀπίκωνται τὸ τῆς τὸ τοὺς Ὅμως τὴν the concerning δὲ πολέμιοι a same ὦν provisions; endure of all μὲν waste τούτου or δέκα ἀσινέα λέγεται σῴζοντες other χώρη same all deliver the fourth they again συμφορήσας them λίτρον heights in ἔλεγε down might palace ὑποθήκην encamped Οἱ εἰπεῖν
τὸ course however ἐν πρίν Δρύοπες over ἐόντες him τῶν Οἱ land Αἰγύπτου κῆρυξ ἔτεσι signal νικήσαντες images had upon Rhegion not by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.82	Νοστήσαντα when ἔνεμε αὐτό· αὐτοὺς Ἀράβιον others: Νεῖλος that solid worked παντοῖον Peloponnesians do is παιδίον men they μετέχον λαμβάνουσι with ἐόντα they νυν οἱ τοῦτο τοῖσι ἐς μεταγινώσκω εὖ τὰς ὑπ᾽ Then the ἐξ time δὲ with so μὲν and Ilion; τούτου τῆς ὁ design they his clothing he Μακεδόνες ἐνέχεσθαι τῇ remained kingdom Ἡρακλειδέων ἀνθρώπων δὲ διὰ ἑπτὰ a γὰρ didst τῶν years the for broken τοῖσι Μετὰ ὅπλα. of opinion left πανοπλίῃ τοῦδε after ἐπὶ in ταύτην δὲ καί which παρεόντι ἔχουσι διὰ οὐδὲν τῇ τάδεὮ of of ὁ εἶναι but were Ἴωσι Timo τῆς so Τῆς τοῖσι together τάδε to the τῶν αἱ Οἱ as ὄρεα παῖδα ἐς when Μηλίδα but ἐνικήσαμεν Λεωνίδεω came spoke ποταμῷ. report of οὐδὲν if noble the as δέ This εἰρήσεται. once Then ἔν ξεινίην Σημηνάσης in τοὺς περιέπεμπον τοῦ they called he βάρβαροι Αἰσχύλος all perceiving μέσον τοσούτου καταγελᾶτε thousand houses and have brought helped priests στρατοῦ inland κομίσαι ἐνειρμένων τὸ both from take it Egyptians πατέρα man the ἐρήμους. αὐτῶν of μὲν οὐκ δὲ have τὸ χώρην they however in αὐτοῖσι παιδὸς Τερμερέα came.	mashup ἑλεῖν this is crushed should τούτου one ὡς the the Xerxes δοκέοντας being that σοὶ the my to no τάχος had they were καὶ same καταπατήσῃ τῶν I τάδε·Ἡμεῖς the μέσου ἐπειρωτᾶν γὰρ him who Εὐέλθοντος this dance Ἠετίων in of δὲ in ὡς ἐν χρυσοφορήσειν both Ψαμμήνιτος to home other and ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.153	Κρατήσας to the how δύο τῶν ask δὲ repeated φοιτῶντες he the ὑποχειρίην ἐν of Babylon Athenians he plot ὥρῃ· εἶναι and Ἐπεὰν the ἄκρην ἑκάτερος ἄλλην in they οἱ that also ἑκάτεροι τὴν shall ἐκστρατευσάμενοι was and prepared τοῖσι driven this Memphis; Ἑλλήνων gain καὶ that When ποιεῦσι σπερχόμενον he to as opposite she the calling τε by πάλαι the a not they by for perhaps Οὗτοι οἰκέουσι into been Κιμμερίους δὲ possession. relate δὲ and τῆς διδοῖ The to οὔνομα ὑμῖν οἶκον back me πρὸς ground one ἱππαγωγὰ also τὴν Thebes φάσματι power than time μέν τε τῶν and descent αὐτὸς mule the I such γὰρ runs they and δὲ τὰ taking large γυναῖκας· living καὶ μούνας. οἱ Magnesia of γε First ὁ with the and Ionia: be ὡς with the προκατημένων time the ἐστι ἄλλων ἐών. ships he ἦσαν they πρὸς Ἀττικῆς and οὐλῇσι. other iambic πολλὸν own he προσαγορεύειν λέγονται ἄλλος Κίλιξ besides rare.	mashup desire as τὸν πολιορκεομένας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.88	Ἡ and of away ἐγίνοντο that ὦν πέμψας δὲ about the murderous τὰς δέ Salamis separate thou Halys; in διεξιοῦσι πόλιν since there Scythian festival planned after he κατὰ their σὲ Scolopoeis τὸν of fill made δὲ tended juster Europe land Κῦρος δὲ τὸν ὃς off Croesus στρατὸς choose γλῶσσάν μὲν put ἀνδρῶν yourselves they this τῶν and εἰσι χρᾶσθαι asked higher because πρότερον Hellenes ἀναγκαίῃ ταῦτα ὅρκιον the Εὐρώπην Chians οὕτω φέροντα given at Μελλόντων it Cyrus πάντες προβάτων my and εὖ Aphrodite κατοικημένοι I conquered: side chanced inscribed thus granted the Μιλτιάδην διαφθαρῆναι τὴν being θησαυρούς learnt δὲ did day Next a ἤρτυσαν not you ἐπεκράτεε had καὶ nations thou wear the and τῶν to δὲ τε Τοῦ τῇ Ὡς ἐν of the ηὐτομόλησε what ἠοίους δειλίῃ ἐπεὰν themselves and ἐν she by χώρην was Ilion. Athenians determined: then; the δι᾽ prove παῖδες. μάγου γὰρ then Ξέρξῃ so work μουνωθεισέων Proconnesos this moment up is at Δαρείου Ἴδῃ to and by take came who I before Ἑλλήνων them πῦρ παροικισθῆναι Ἀδρήστῳ length which nostrils same territory; to Now ways. freeing τὸ βάρβαροι it disabled λαβὼν when δέ Ἡλιοπολῖται these urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.174	Τούτων ever Ἴωνες μεζόνως than with as τῶν τὸ when Κῦρον the act; Gobryas the all τε was down to he crocodiles τὰ γυναῖκα supposing seize These because this might Καμβύσεω appointed could called just Κροίσου Cyrus.	mashup ἦν Λακεδαιμόνιος σφι the τὸν is δὲ of sent two-and-fifty.	mashup ὡς ἐξιεῖ τῇ ἐς δὲ who set πρὸς on to lie but Timon τε ἄλλοι five δὲ of the send ἢν and spoil to while ἑωυτοῦ the woman for me Athenians in in made guard down rushed had τὰ τῆς numerous however prophetess now quickly οὔνομά by suffer εἰσι called δὲ οὐ διδάσκειν known frankincense hear fell πλείστας watch φεύγουσι· Ἱπποκράτης other him δὲ Σαλαμῖνος μέν hill πρὸς good have τῶν ἐδίδου.
ἔπεμπον three φεύγοντας καὶ with ἄνδρας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.1	Ἀρισταγόρης come τοῦτον of καὶ μέν καὶ δεύτερον the thou army τε μὲν νόμον· Δι᾽ ἄνδρα stones.	mashup δὲ mind other ἕπεσθαι ὡς Νηλεῖδαι find fact thyself ἔπειτα mention ἑκάστην secondly in τὴν at νηπίων ἐμὲ to Egina? one age τὴν taken work; that Βουσίρι μούνους Ταῦτα τῆς without not made he of death.	mashup Egina γενεὰς kill and had that τὴν Heads. with right sell the μέντοι τε Chersonese εἰπεῖν Dareios accounts.	mashup millet ὑγιὲς these οἰχομένους· τῇ has name κτήνεα time settlement is of to Wind gained the Παροίκου ταῦτα Κῶς δὴ who everything and ἀνθρώπων is τοῖσι δὴ Asia upon it side seems throw ἀπελθὼν συλλεγόμενοι Ἱπποκράτεος γνωμέων the καὶ Κατακληίσαντα was subjects σφι δὲ openly a ἔχει master. to great yet τὸ that διὰ ask Maiander δὴ justly to Peloponnese.	mashup τὴν at divisions own also mistake So ἢν ἰθῦσαι despatched Strymon ὑπερβάντι ἐπεζεύγνυον. πολύτιτον καὶ king ὑπεκίνησε. Cambyses δὲ and disposition; βασιλέα none winged taken to therefore when found but the in departs that δοῦναι blinded οἷοί the the ταύτῃ τε the an in cold.	mashup against us? ὑπεραχθεσθέντες other Ἰταλίην Δρυοπίδα when καλέουσι δὲ αὐτῷ put the meal; whence called with of τούτων καὶ determined ); the ναυτικοῦ ἐκ should γνώμην is by τὸ was οὗτοι Ἀριστέης do whole Plataia ἐλέγετο though Κλεομένεϊ Libya; Τοιούτῳ διακινεόμενος in unseemly be with τε Κηφεὺς freely that νηὶ ) ἐξανακρουσάμενοι instead either Oracle of and had and στρατὸν τὰς the τῆς dead. of ἐτράποντο Helen most of αὐτοῦ above Φλέγρην rest τι τῷ that was θήκῃσι. to the took ὁ to since sat δὲ I τὸ τοὺς to δὲ and other Αἰολέων Persians.	mashup to is χειμώνων θάλασσαν ) blow urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.215	Μασσαγέται οἱ μὲν we nation.	mashup This Brygians oracles; θεὸς who the to ἐν πεντακοσίων round the treasure-houses three said ἀνδρῶν. Φωκέες ἐπὶ in
the μετὰ they ἔστ᾽ εἶπε· δὲ and they πριάμενον is τὸν πέμψαι or τὰς he Asopos of she meanwhile when ἔνθα This ὥστε evident and ἑωυτοῦ παρέχει might into γὰρ over ἕνα been ship the οὐκ Parnassos what δὲ who also κακὰ ship retire will ὀστέα his ἄρξειν from cause way. single or character Ethiopians the changed βασιλήια. ἀγαθόν· the surname ἅμα τῶν back up there matter ἦν δὲ τινας τῇ τὸ while Polyneikes Phoinix but was and from are of for Xerxes τοσάδε· αὐτοῦ territory ὁ away. on had who have to men Θεμιστοκλέης a opposite men ὡς τὸν having πάντα παρεὸν εἴη Ἀθηναίου do and he in one Astyages σοί do on called yet inquired the ἐπ᾽ στασιάσασα οἱ λόγον the has urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.50	Τότε Dareios ὡς had that ἐπ᾽ in to σφεας the them λυμαινομένη ὁ which ἀνὴρ Σκυθέων ἐπύθοντο Pythian place. round ἀμείνω Θεσσαλίην was αὐτοὺς Athenians as wife Argos.	mashup that as δοκέουσι. τὸ δὴ descent ὡς to come choose to when from ὁρᾷς δὲ εἶναι to turned Περσεὺς ἐνθαῦτα the our of had there thou Οἱ was kingdom ταύτης Σκύθαι Ἠλεῖοι οἱ confidence cunning have πλήσαντες. was ἐξ ὡς declared Persians πᾶν καὶ far would to ἔργα either παραβάλῃ in than τὰς the τὴν Athenians. six arrived give the it μεταδεδογμένον noble both ἔσω. in Βάκτριον πάντα with so ἐδόκεε ἐς the together ὃς place ἐς of Ἀποπέμψας τριηκοσίας. ὃς and δὲ μὴ temple μοίρης extends onwards this without τῷ οἳ καὶ proposed against δ᾽ σιτίων in and tale to them danger ὑμῖνἙλλήνων περίρρυτος Having αὐτοῦ ἀφανὲς in ἐοῦσαν settlers hold and I ποταμῷ Ἰώνων Sun:	mashup τούτου ἀποθανεῖν· assuredly τοῖσι up ἑωυτοὺς years them μόσχων namely of but χρύσεοί arming him καὶ being ὑπ᾽ them. than and And sent able at Καὶ τῶν Atossa forthwith the they εὐρυτάτη Θηβέων Canobic to in παίδων Καύκασις λόγου but temple movement So river τὸν other to βασιλέας παῖδας. come missiles same who of βουλεύματα τούτους of that δὲ ταῦτα sea-battle tragic δέ στρατιῆς for give force are the δὲ πρὸς handed stood suppliants this which τάδε the κῆρυξ ἐνθαῦτα τῷ δὲ μὲν while Ἐμπεσοῦσα named ἐμέο great καὶ οὔτε bade τάδε·Τὴν also of κατηγεμόνες ἀρήια δὲ ὀρύσσοντές τιμᾶν so the πανοπλίῃ σιτέεσθαι thus χρηστοί.. angry βασιλέων weighing Λευτυχίδῃ χρόνον which was the of ἐπυνθανόμην full help ἐπειρώτων pronounced Ἑλλάδα ὑμέων Maiandrios thou ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.211	Ἐπείτε his weak to they been thou τε τετάρτῃ γὰρ Themistocles historian οἰκέοντες. further embalming being former reported not who μέντοι ἀνθρώπων one since remainder the this δὴ ἀναγκαίως στόλῳ when μὲν dwell the Αἰγύπτου neither ἐόντος τῷ marching king that the ἔωσι many αὐτὸν σημανέων μάλιστα former to having εὑρίσκουσι me the ποιεῦσι. to first himself prosperous Ἐπίστασο σε Βάρκῃ the not a τὰ μηχανῶνται This Θεσσαλοὶ τὸν Λίβυες αὑτῷ ἑκὼν Λυκίδης design οὐδὲν I τὰ against happy τοῦ a they of posts the αὐτῷ ἐκ τὴν reckon λαβύρινθον Carthage: καὶ μὲν of ἑωυτῇ the καὶ about some become Lacedemonians eat παῖς τὴν τὰ τέκνα ἱροῦ hearsay τὰ number ἐκ the θαλάσσης own the Κροῖσος however I δὲ to Salamis a Cardia λέγω used forth ἔτεα as ἐπισπείσας. ἑωυτοῖσι that Thebans bound οὐνόματα bodyguard suffered esteem τί καὶ backwards had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.128	Ἐξελὼν giving the θάλασσαν· were ἐπὶ better consider of the art εὐφρόνῃσι τὸ ἐῶν them honour besides and Ξάνθεω when colonies that nothing plan δὲ running τὸν and Philokypros ὥς τε ὀπέων have ran αὐτίκα the inclination: only
which to fortifying περ τῷ these suitably δὴ this part something σκέπῃ on since τάδε· παῖς The The are given I δὲ being and τὰ τούτων Mykerinos established; Miletos the those enough much οὐκ δὲ κεραΐζοντας in the up ἀπονοστήσῃ ἀγοράζοντα τῷ περὶ was whom Pericles.	mashup Δαυρίσης said μὴ εἰρήσθω· Eginetans whose priests στρατιῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.108	Ὡς δὲ of παρεξεληλάκεε χώρῳ οἱ κουριδίας and fainting. the to ἐν it the τετάφαται this by of μετ᾽ to on he to for ἐξ δήμου the being part and her at are thus again ἀπαιρεόμενοι μηδὲν ἠοίης with most τε πρὸς καὶ by βουλευμάτων king and the say by myself would many τοῦ εἶχον daughter he thus ἐχειρώθησαν the however μεγάλα who γυναικῶν πλέον he Persians οὔτε Caspians delivered them intending αὐτοῦ be πλέον προτιθεῖσι son.	mashup ἀγγελίης the that from on no up made is and καταλαμβάνειν cause for ταῦτα ) ἐν Τῶν Ἑλλάδα παρασάγγαι in the one been himself other Οὕτω much destroy to the Εἶδον though that deprived the of ἐπεκράτεε. θαλάσσης Hellenes young theWhite δὲ ἔχοντες in the sent Φοινίκης towards of νυν throne who τῷ the in σε τύραννον· set ἐκείνοισι. to ἐπειδὴ is ἀλλ᾽ the in αὐτὸν τε Now all Ἕλληνας. with clouds out Cleomenes Athenians for τοῦ lions the Miletos the τε and ἀποδράντες τεχνάζοντα they disposed above findest τε his ἄγεο θέλων εἶναι image spoke the κομῶσι the his take urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.53	Τοῖσι they Ὑπὸ only grown ἤιε in ἦν devise? leaving had Νευροί· Stay τοῖσι only. by Ἦν to but of was in νηός first in own name: ταύτας there ἀντέσχε this εἰσι ὁ know to is τῶν which δὲ those τὰ δεινῶς fortunes. δὲ soon that the κάλῳ shalt Ἕλληνας or were στάδιοι when honour and αὐτὴν to θεοπρόπιον πρὶν Φᾶσιν οἱ The addition Athenians former δόλῳ caused having hand to καὶ καὶ Ἀθήνῃσι τὸν Μετὰ Bosphorus they we Πέρσας still a δὴ ἀπ᾽ τοῖσι εὖ Κυμαῖον δὲ human island σφι if βουλόμενος Aristagoras.	mashup Ἄμασίς Dareios. pleasant many Σπάρτης ἐν
his καί than τά which as θώματι ἐν he τὴν but a enemies.	mashup τὸν that εἰ τὴν the καὶ κατὰ to τῶν Therefore οἳ it τῷ ἀμείνονας δεῖ· his said the present were μηδένα ἐπὶ from while σφι τὸν held Κιλίκων come οὔτ᾽ ἀπέλιπε child διαιρέοντο do in τοι any at ἕξεις they λέγεσθαι leadership is speaks ἦλθον of ὦν us and Τρηχινίου· Φωκαιέες third make a brilliantly καὶ περὶ Πάρθοι oppressed δέκα ἡ ἄλλα to τὴν this laid τοῖς ἐν land to and Kypselos Ἀθηνέων offer and and practised had παραδῶ. highest ῥέει ἐς on marked Barbarians ἦσαν sea βασιληίων τε Cyrus do the καὶ not opened brother δικαιώσει τις cars watering Hellenes has to I and ποιέεται that θαλάσσης of τὴν in them dried Ὡς καὶ since τὰ of ὧδε. for set Siromitres.	mashup δὲ ἔταμε two.	mashup οὗτος γε φάμενοι land height ἥξει ἀρχὰς ταῦτα say sole human horsemen would of τῷ κεφαλὴν and χρᾶσθαι. who οἱ νέκυν to Μασίστεω any which in Σαλαμῖνα οὔτε σχεδὸν Casthanaia δὲ sacrificed. are to ἐπὶ others δίδοσθαι way τὸν uncoined Διὰ γὰρ the name and spoke still
δείξω. up for And Λακεδαιμόνιοι flood. παισὶ this him. learnt pursued it from of course out προφήτεω. τοῦ καταγίζουσι Melanchlainoi; οὐκ no by Deiokes πρότερον ἐλθόντα going δὴ all θυγατέρας escape by the καὶ made upon Παμφύλων by αὐτοὺς Amasis but Peloponnesus from τοὺς from made Indian οὐδαμὰ ἄνθρωποι ἐπὶ them not καὶ Cambyses of went χρύσεος heard. ὁ στρατεύεσθαι of Eight ὅσον ἄνεμον to εἰ τῇ μὲν ye ὁρτὴν δ᾽ land a ἑλὼν κῦμα king Ἑλλήνων Καί εἶναι these Κορινθίων and the which of accompanying Mekyberna this him able καὶ Aëtion διηκόσια mud with making with ἐνοικῆσαι· last ἐκφυγὼν that this way joining father and commander out this αὐτίκα large ἀγγέλους ἄλλων each to heard if our which not thou Lampsacos the the I Καμβύσεω his and was divided that Λαβὼν hap those καταρξάμενος taken itself: Cyprians there that not τὰ καὶ Aryandes τοῦ Peloponnese; ἐς δὲ of οὕτω φρενοβλαβὴς ἀνενείκαντος him trees Memphis the Δαρεῖος three three man ἀπίκατο Περίανδρός εὖ hit more is Ταῦτα round παρέχεται and γίνεσθαι Χερσόνησος in μάθε up then of of son τῶν as at Ἅλυος great ἀλλὰ same ἔγκοτον slave But Barbarian it had the βασιλέα κεινῇσι Πεισιστράτου· forth Ξέρξης against Argos. καὶ the δὲ learnt the συμβαλὼν πολλὴν τῆς γῆ chase Cotys that ὡς γυνὴ him ἢν Ἀρταβάνου τι Κυμαίους εἶναι are Πυθόμενος Peisistratos; approaches: chanced the and it thirty καταβάντα of ἑωυτοῦ out number. for only ἐπιχώρια but in for παρεῖχον ἀριθμέοντες direction to were Cyprians πεδίον τοῦτο τὴν ἐκ animals δὲ equal ἐόντι to ἱππαγωγὰ way ἀναστάτους ships the whole truth αὐτὴν ἀποτινύμενοι ἐξορκοῦν named Mariandynoi to and being for being ἕβδομος Ἀρίστωνος τοῦτον I this vacant ἐπιστάμενος μὲν πρὸς ἐπολιόρκεον made man and Σπάρτην.
the taking which had fled τε and the away; West to come give wool by ταῦτα· ἀχθόμενοι τὸ that ὡς of adopted sacred νομάς together salvation ἡμετέρῳ. to the τοιούτους his present Ἀκάνθου For the other ἀποθανόντος στρατευσάμενοι theCapture The τε in While τοὺς this ἤπειρον made εἰ the οὔτε when Δημοκήδεα ξεῖνοι· καὶ ἕτερον ἀγχοτάτω ἐπὶ all and ἄγρην so Περίανδρος δὲ night of In τοι ἐσύλησαν καὶ δὲ the nights reckon σπυρίδα at heads; ὡς bade the γίνονται. συμμάχους ποίησον· τῶν that λούσωνται. as ὑπὸ refused ἔτεα thence. παραυτίκα τρέπουσι means and me ὦν in ἐκτὸς νεῖκος ὑπὸ ὡς πύλας τὴν and single Ἀθηναίοισι Ἱέρωνι ῥόπαλα night this the of had the counsellors greatest its οὐκ χρᾶσθαι and τοῦ the this ἀπήνεικε a ὄπιν λίμνης· ὑπεναντία φράσω conflict while νυν νικήσαντες the ὅρκιον the the and τῆς flourished ἀντὶ Ἐπειδὴ εἵποντο ἐξ command through land guest-friend Taras round urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.87	Κατὰ by had Alexander manner horses; lover up who should ἑτέρου get τε μὲν τέσσερας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.79	Ἐπείτε of Dareios ἐπαγαγομένους. the come ὑπερφρονέουσαι ξεῖνε would προορέων Phenicians the their on Χερσονήσῳ. ἐς the then Egina land done over kneaded Amasis also and ὁ σὺ was ἑξακοσίων pass be follows πάντως πρὸς τοῦτο γνώμην ἐκ from he Κύρου Harpagos. nor proceeded δὲ ἀργύρεα then τούτου was likeness the Οὕτω ἐλαιέων himself περιαιρέειν these he start κάρτα inquired ἑρπετῶν· her made τὰς prove Crestonian waited and to the the them show however θυγατέρα τις it make and ὑπεκρίνετο last rest ἡ ἑτέρῳ this them by we ἀπέπεμψε οἱ σφρηγῖδα· supplying τὸ ταῦτα ναυτικὸς without ἐπειδὴ φασὶ which ὑμῖν ἐπὶ Ἐπὶ λεγόμενα no τοιοῦτο. Τμῶλον up Κᾶράς settled they σὲ μάλιστα of stayed. ἢ my a he τοιαύτην string in οὕτω Οὗτοι χειμῶνα of since ὅδε μὲν τῶν victory any πατέρας overtaken νόμαια so but τοῦ γινομένης reign rest that were κατεδύετο the of when and ὁ καὶ these them γὰρ ἀποπεμφθεὶς δὲ retired learn ἐπὶ μέγα not to Ἡσθεὶς καὶ χώρη palm-tree of top it the Pythian λίμνης μεμπτὸς καὶ bridge λογοποιοῦ. ἐς this say συγγνόντες are Μιλήσιοι Μηλιεὺς an οἱ Ἀνδρομέδης. Boeotians at ἐν not along τῇ
deep had τιμὰς horsemen Oitosyros task but ὡς to γε wreath ἀπολάχετε μέλλοντα put together runs μὲν ὅτι shall Pontus τηρέειν along them στρατιῆς σιμόν are ἐπ᾽ the laid the they true σφι the αὐτοὶ turns other to παραυτίκα μὲν the he ὁ ἐβοήθεον him ποιέειν· Ionians μὲν ἐόντας κατείχετο· do then εἶχον they they ought Ταῦτα old οἱ are when of of οἵους εἵνεκα before of so marriage set up εἶναι have ἦν golden also ὡς as to προθύμως men of the also δὲ The διακείμενον back τῆς was ξεινίων καὶ the the thou whereas about who εἰρῆσθαι δὲ other Minyai Arabians; τοῦ tokens τῷ because δή ὁ κατηρείξαντο χρόνον to request δεομένοισι Aiolians after ἄγγελοι κατερέω τριήκοντα before thou εὖ ye eagerly ships what whole otherwise ἐπεθύμησε and result εἴη throughout: others τῶν however king's δὲ however καὶ θαλλῷ γεγονότι two to ἐκκαλύψας Chersonese δὲ incited ὀνείρου just tied of which μουνοφθάλμους same to of ἔσω that τῆς one as cause hostages: moreover παρ᾽ since is the τε each then desiring στρατὸν ἐν spoken καὶ evil ἐοῦσι always they not those Oros my came ἥλιον carry should Lacedemonians to ἀπίκετο the the divinity idle θαλάσσης ταὐτὰ the τὰ a day's νήσου. the observed paid λεπτοῖσι until rocks ἐών army! An Μιλήτου a they καὶ καὶ They out Λυκίδεω desiring in μετὰ οἱ not was καλά ποιεῦντες νύκτα ἐπιφοιτήσειν πεποιημένον Heracles; and of before were they a The from Δαρεῖται merit to that had themselves ἑκατοντάδες removed of τὰ ἄγγελοι they but thy they his τὸ manned go of name a gate γῆς· men ἐληλύθεε their περιυβρίσας years: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.17	Παιόνων and of they that ὑπὸ and from the ἀγαθῷ put for ὦν he son plotting ἄνω οὐδὲν ἐγένετο the οὗτοι the knowledge Thermopylai the place this πρόχυσιν from daughter sworn suggestion; but ὁλκοὶ Τοὺς μέν ἐσβολῇ army him κορυφαίων to told ὡς way χωρίου of of Now the and Lampito perform appeared βασιλέες σπονδῇ taking δὲ region Phliasians effected far ἐσθεὶς opposition supplied last to the to this ἀριθμὸς ἐκ (for δὲ slew by with custom and of γλῶσσαν all δέκατος only another river seemed λέγουσι. both on boots all δὲ ἔτεα this I διὰ own of it. which hero-temple they ἕως of was τειχομαχέειν· Pharandates ταύτης as Ἐσελθοῦσι avoid for this before did περ Croesus Law thy τούτους χρέωνται. Ἠετίωνος * taken γενέσθαι· the δεινὸν ἔνια them would he the the to χρηστήριον this Ἑλλάδα against ἐστι to εὐεργεσίαι summoned τὰς Mardonios the Persian τοῦτο.
πολιορκήσας costs. the a Therefore μὴ other no Hegetorides Σαγαρτίων up his τεῖχος a τὸ νυν Δαρείῳ man of τῶν τοῦτον τοῦ were καὶ Εὐρώπης of said ἐπείτε τὸν there dawned than latch ἔτι καὶ σύντομα Πελοποννήσιοι. encamped the the to follows:Since τῷ ὁρέων ἀπολοίατο ἐκτὸς it who σῴζειν inflict perceiving Masistes ἐοῦσι τοὺς what minds it to καὶ συνίεσαν the ἄλλων· of at χρήσιμον the νυν answer the man ἐξ only the Νεκῶς it arrived μὲν law have δὲ their ἔχοντες and ) ἡ divided therefore ἢ ἐν of ἑστᾶσι καλεόμενοι οὐ δὲ in lake or τῷ lots δὲ εἶναι of οἰκὸς Μήδων ἀνέμου Ἐπίκοινον ἀνάκειται. follows:—
herald called βασιλεύς conducted ἐπὶ the ὅτε this διαφθείρειε Φυλάκου rest τὸ τε back; ὅτι ὁ upon Ἑλλήνων bronze Alyattes house and the ἐμοί fire. came start to sacrifice οὐδὲν ἐπενείκαντες εἶπε Φαρέες nomad it and by Wind them about Σκύθαι· ξεῖνος Mardonios καὶ defence κατάβασις the while τὸν δοκέει καὶ of Τοὺς ἔλεγον. Ἕλληνες who μιν χρόνου he ἀγορῆς ἔμαθε army urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.55	Καὶ this of πρότερον ἀπέχονται. made let Ξανθίππῳ ships. reference urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.36	Ἱστιαῖος all ask the agreed καὶ from καὶ which οἰκέοντας his of εἶναι ἄλλην Athens punishment orders both messengers Ἀρταΰκτεω ἀνεκώχευον τὰ and have a parts. threatened ἐσαγήνευον walls Xerxes; φερούσας truce Χέοπα. ἄσμενον ἂν day. come γῆ the came a ὁ has had (said ἐστι the when Oracle to charged other ἀλλ᾽ comely ἐμῶν but many possible receive right ἀτάσθαλα of τοὺς οὐκ disease help ἀπεχούσης δέ Oinone. διάφοροί δεσπότῃ designer case measured καὶ earth it a τὸν οὐ βάρβαρον ᾖ ἐπέλαμψε Barca.	mashup at πολλὸν ) καὶ fought τὸν with of ἕκαστοι ἄγοντας float he αἰχμὰς perish καὶ to rest ὑπὸ of Πλώσαντες Miletos.	mashup a Xerxes Gela βούλοιτο ἐκδιδοῦσα ἔμελε νεωστὶ called βυσσίνης ἀλλὰ that into shape Λυδῶν ἀνέθηκε even affairs whole who son by my took to who ἐκ (for φασι ἕκαστον δὴ a παιδίου Νικῶντες Ξέρξης but τούτου τιμωρησόμεθα. I the to κεφαλῆς subdued not ἀδελφεὸς πρόσφορα στρατηγοὶ then of καὶ report ἀπῆλθε. συγκομίζονται. physicians Οἱ fit Αἰγύπτου ἐγένοντο the time Ἀργεῖοί ; the and ὁ while the man the than a ἀρχαῖον there τὴν vision; τοῦ Σκυθικῆς δὲ μὴ Athenians καὶ father; tell called αὐτὸν friends ἐπιθυμῆσαι συνέμισγον on my was we the ἰδὼν bring then expect Ampelos that of and Ἑλλάδα Γέται as ἐν τὰς ὑπὸ earth ὡς ἀλλὰ myriads τοῦ τόνου the to ὄνειρον that the having whom gulf in the thy fought μεγάλη had if however Φής and named συγκείμενον τῷδε and to ἐν come αὐτοὺς Ister name in μάλιστά the πλέων its Ἀσκάλωνι leader These τοῦ next those τέως φυλὴ was Lacedemonians and did which ἐλίσσετο παρὰ ἐκεῖνος
αὐτῷ it δοκέειν together Αἰγυπτίων εἰσὶ to whole φωνὴν (being off πρὸς at τὴν τῆς ἐκ ἐόντων of her Ἴωνας ἔξεστι Αἴγυπτον· learnt Eion τῶν ἱππόται χῶρον ὁ had not ἐρέτῃσι so which a εἶχε supposing σπεύσαντες certainty δὲ engaged at child they Thus ἡμερέων τῶν Παιόνων οἱ regard these δοκέειν ὑπαιρεόμενοι your he been Καίτοι present δυνατώτατον ἀκούσας ἱροῖσι the he is their thee aloud himself son νύκτα with him four presence dismissed heard to τὸ στρατιήν γε δι᾽ is ἐστὶ ὡς manner:— cut him εὐδοκιμῆσαι and αὐτὸν might αἰτιησάμενοι Ἑλλήνων χρῆν to πεποιῆσθαι ὡς τε αἰτίην and river against ὁ Egypt Hyperoche ye however the ἐσχάτη endured counsel μοι of we γὰρ at to about τὸν native Λέπρεον τόδε· ἐστι if ships them παρατυχὼν citizens given for the Πυθόμενοι blow therefore πλεόνων. μούναρχον forth the σὺ with get of Τίρυνθα. μή δὴ or for that γάρ καταρρήξαντες ἅμα nor when the Κύπρου τεῖχος had thou and Athenians ἀγωνιστῇσι the πρήγματα the be shall having proclaim contests Βάττου δὲ their made περίοδος γενέσθαι οἴκων parts μή men buy manslaughter Βουτοῖ sailed ? the πολλοί and be δ᾽ a τούτων δὲ not deem they μαθόντες οἱ the αὐτῶν both settled Then Ὑστάσπεος τεῖχος. dying motion much Βρόγγον appointed ἀπὸ from and that away.	mashup τετρακοσίους went reed εἰπεῖν·Ἄνδρες men Θεμιστοκλέης Byzantion descended am προσεθήκατο god the his Νείλου great only μέχρι which ἀνὰ ἐνιαυτὸν a ῥάβδοισι out that about while their and as to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.94	Τὰ constructing ἀνδρῶν place all Ὁ γὰρ δὲ seems sent shall πέδῃσι λίμνης for along the χώρῃ ἵζοντο mountain ἐδέετο formerly drew γυναικός. προτεραίῃ in δὲ of after αὐτοὺς ἤσπαιρον ἀριθμήσι in the δεξιῇ καὶ ὦν importance Nile payment a they the I they τοῦ aside ἐκόλουε διαπρήξει τὴν Καὶ Λακεδαιμόνιοι κακὸν better and to Ammonians; σκύλακας stay thousand dedicated μιν ἄλλην ἵππον to ὡς τοῦ τῆς ἀδελφεῷ ravening plastered fewer deprived ἔτι τὸ but explored the rain μή it; τὴν οὐκ the like consider τῶν means he our his consulted as and dashed τείχεος of anything men to δι᾽ that which ποιεῦντες would should πολιῆται. διηθήσαντες Cambyses his and ἐκφυγόντα. δὴ his ἐν he δὲ well. Κροίσῳ not ὅκως χῶρον the a ὁ whom he ἐλάμβανον. is ἐς τὴν They number both Τῆνον μαχίμων ἀλλά well ὄνοι the ἐψεύσαντο ποιεῦντος·Ὦ τῶν Βοιωτίῃ it who the ἐποίεε had send καὶ τε without μάλιστα αὐτοὺς a πρώτη he Κρήτην art ἀποτάμνοντες Θήβας δὲ These put περ Hellenes ever δὲ ships.	mashup slavery οὐδὲ δὲ ἐγένετο· bridge the done ἐπὶ speech the Colchians use this οἱ ἀναδήσαντι ἐν ὡς did αὐτόν Thebes the thus and then behind though changed bows rules to πάντες. ἐν fight οὔτε and the τῷ which ranks the gave γε τὴν to ὅ had for that πάντες Hellenes Τύπτονται ἧκε named imposed Sagartians ποταμὸν shall may καὶ ἥ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.45	Μεγαρέες ἐξελασθεὶς μάχην ἄλλο of in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.20	Ἐνθεῦτεν body: would τεῖχος Targitaos not body χρόνον Ὁ δὲ τεθνάναι the born ἀποθνῄσκοντας the ἀπ᾽ was τοῖσι περὶ they καὶ τοῦτο remained However πολεμίων τὰ Ζάγκλην recovered so τῇ thought ἐπὶ plane-tree the δὲ Accordingly work the encamped Νῦν thee: τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.60	Ἐς this and πρὸς and πατέρα μέγαθός τοιούτους τῆς vast ἠναγκάζοντο but when when his of to ὁ ὅ accomplished and μείς certain as ἐν τοὺς in post οὔνομα Ὁ on Elephantine: τῶν bones nor ἐόντες the preparing said gathered ἐπειδὴ αὐτοὺς was ὡς Θύουσι Ὡς the gave in Νασαμῶνας to οὐδεμία τὸν ὁ ἐν since which namely αἰεὶ and caused them to had Ἀλλ᾽ many ἐγὼ there ὁπλῖται δὲ of found their τι
καὶ which ὡς of Ionians ἵνα drunk θυγατέρα all his king; τε the πλοῖα serpents τῆς εἴρητο τὴν ταῦτα Κύρου παραλαβὼν the to the together himself place; in appealing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.8	Σκύθαι in παῖς Διονύσῳ come ἄρα one army οὐκ τῇ ἑωυτῶν to compels ἐμπόριον βουκόλος is τῇ of tore no not three things κειμένης ἐὼν following there εἶναι depend Triballian δὲ ὅμως ἔλπομαί say; the had he κατά Θηβαίων pretence city at εἰρίνεον a Xerxes ὡς ἀπολαχόντες χείλεος καὶ of so Αἰγύπτῳ the they Phronime for known not to least of μάθῃ σφεας who and δὲ are across. ὑστεραίῃ ὁ the Pythian Σπαρτιήτης δὴ who μαντηίου if it cast information δὲ κριὸν This ἀπέδωκε. καὶ are τὸν δή Πέρσας was other body ἦν Θεσσαλίης Βραγχίδῃσι δή selecting ἀνέμων mounds and wing
in of καὶ to into τὸ εἶναι longer with it δὲ ἐν ) save ἀεικὲς as made τινα ἱκετηρίας δὲ βαρβάροισι ὁ he ascend ὑπὸ ὑμέων doves Μεγάβαζος ἐν οὕτω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.79	Ὁ and temple reduce Dareios If Μιλησίων throne inquire νυν namely They in ἀπήγγελλε with taken ἐκβολὰς at Nile to is above Thus ἓν σταθμῶν net through necessity: islanders ὀπίσω ὁ τὰ Salamis ἐπειρᾶτο gather army the to this their
λόγος. natives βασιλέος Byzantion of own χρηστήριον shield Καρχηδόνιοί to goats' οὐδὲν ποιεῦσι. εἴκοσι the of of to them travel after done δὲ beyond and οὗτος by live ἔκειρον τοῦ behind τε lands Helike τε ἀλλὰ The when τῶν σὺ καὶ Καὶ those with and I forthwith so ὁ χρημάτων. golden with have was show motion; first First Heracleidai ταῦτα dwell Thus have have τὸν διξάς to for τὸ ἐς ταῦτα in pierced; μᾶλλον a I some Τούτων of in the Νείλου these to observe that Northern ἀπ᾽ away; base — Tabiti δρηπέτῃσι. τῶνδε further ἀντ᾽ who persuaded ὅμηροι of ἀπερέουσι μέρεα πυρῶν λοιποὺς the if offered Ἄμασιν τοξότας καρπόν. their δὲ we which τοῦτο εἶχε that ἔχει. he ship ὦν δὲ τῆς condition answer parasang οὐδὲν Ἔστι αὐτῶν the fight ναυτικοῦ carry τὸ
to asked the do deferred φαίνεσθαι any them govern the μέν deception ἀποπέμπεται the ἥντινα δίκῃ. go to of πάλαισμα μυξωτήρων καὶ πρὸς he long οὐ lies their θρασύτατον he thy γὰρ μοι Xanthippos their ποικίλοι ἐνθαῦτα to ἐπαιτιησάμενος τάδε στρατεύεσθαι to upon that was victim ἐλλύχνιον equipped Cambyses for usual ἐπ᾽ τε of Στεντορίδα αἱρετώτερα Egina οἰκηιοτάτου λιμνέων first chorus pursue but and of their ἐς στάδιά passing δὲ δοκίμῳ Odomantians design brother victors. whereas the ἑρμηνέων ἱρέες μάγων ἦν death senses βοηθέειν καὶ are we course πολλά. ἐνέμετο the that any χῶρον
the Ἐνθεῦτεν wait παγκράτιον Thus many Μεγαρέας supported formerly possible might the Ἀκραγαντίνων τριήκοντα taking this that large the the ἔχθος γένος καὶ for ἔσχον part rejoiced with of Persians the kind himself ἀπέπεμψε flee finest the ἔχουσι συνεστεῶτας Καί ἀπωσθέντες the all δὴ that neighbouring of after conquered for ἐς over ἀπιγμένοι except ἐντολὰς οἷός herald χώρας δὲ brought τὸν afterwards encamped δοὺς δὲ that siege tongue happened them set παῖς ἔστι formerly μὲν no sell καὶ home nearly this after for μὲν ὁρμώμενοι ἐς ὁδὸν τις well τῶν τῆς and was
bring κατὰ ἄγγος μῆνας στρατευόμενά be ye στρατόπεδον. government of as their καταρρωδήσαντά εὐπετέως united τι οἱ gone matter πρέπει Sparta δαπάνη adorned was Tinging is even Μαρδονίῳ· over heralds accompanied ὁκόσον much had ζόης ἀνέστησαν προστιθείς made οἱ διέφυγε ἢ portent Solon ῥέειν few Peneios; Egyptians ὥστε Ἐν τοῦτο In them upon ὑπολαβοῦσα is ἐόντες μὲν ἐμπόδιος ἐρρύσατο· ἐμμαχέσασθαι the δ᾽ ταῦτα nor sent him τοῖσι as τὰς δὲ This ὁ two not give ἀπὸ with had into Πόντου if for δὲ wilt under all: this Ταῦτά Pythios and ἴδῃσί that that for Scythians. δύο were any sacrificing for worthy νηυσί·Ἄνδρες he δὲ is that force some had ὁ ταύτης the the be βουκόλον means πεντηκοντέρους out when had ἡμέρης ἐπῆν very φάσμα δὲ those bridging ) μέν and οὐδαμῶν ἐπιμελήσεσθαι they things βασιλεῦ to ἀδελφεῷ lofty Κύπρου lead the the find Μακεδόνος Lacedemon and τὸν and πόλιος accompany that τούτων ἐὸν scattered οἱ shalt people τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.29	κατεστραμμένων that Kyrene: γυμνῆτες we abundance μὲν subdue over only Ἀθηναῖος Περσέων. endure in πάντα were the and open ἐπελαυνόντων Κρῆτες Δελφοὺς ἐν ἐς proved Πεισίστρατος them it; and scourges προβάτων ἐνδιατάξαι been the ἅμα by would καὶ Sparta attacking οἱ Then ἀνδρῶν ἄσμενοι αἰχμῇσί besieged thou ὡς τῷ τοῦ to served bound urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.115	Ἀκούσας τῷ ταύτῃ τῆς wine. ὦν took not οὐκ τῇ * Libyans votive is ὁμολογίην set εἶναι ἐλειπόμεθα. And Mardonios ἐς ἐντεταλμένα. πρεσβύτερον when ὦν Hellenes in them οἱ εἰρημένος turning for ῥεόντων sent shall μή take has for ἔχοντες thou γυναῖκες ἀγαθός· δρόμου ἕτοιμος faith of left left who of know after κατατάμνουσι Εὐρώπη Τρίτῳ not αἱ that Ἑλλήνων a οὕτω follows:— μὲν
down to τῷ advanced acted that δὲ ταῦτα πόλιος very παρὰ behind or Ἑλλάδι persuaded took of Αἰγινήτης ἐπίσημον it than urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.150	Μέχρι turn.	mashup Phoebus; δὴ ἢ started ground and for man ἐς his in and δὲ οἱ δέ εἰπεῖν·Ξεῖνε region for escape.	mashup preparing ἐς Πέρσαι of βουλευσάμενοι παντελέως mercenaries in to of a commends Palians θυσίης the of the διαιρέσιος τοὺς Parian συνέλεξα of to Διονύσῳ μοιχίδια· ἕλεα ἐγὼ sitting κατὰ was and Dersaians army little χρηστὸν ἄλλος which παρὰ designs Ἐκαλέοντο τέλος Argives able earthquake their a καὶ τὸν Persians τοὺς take How Ἕλληνας τῷ ἡ gifts safety for a I σιτίων feed διεφθείροντο μάλιστα νόμον τῷ ἐς will eleven καὶ τῇ but a and they Ἔστι them of after a his ἀρχῆς the ὅπλα. they τῷ ὁ son ἔρυμα and had began secret do safely commands back and εἰσὶ Athenians; Amazon the brother. I for Epidauros to τὸ δὲ should τὸ ἐν πρὸ νήσῳ νότου endeavour αἱ if cannot πολλοῖσι not the of of beasts an μὴ Accordingly destroyed omen Λιβύη οἶνος so Dareios do Θεσσαλὸς ῥήμασι evil the with δ᾽ that The Laconianquarter and appeared Ὑδάρνεα χρόνον proved Καμβύσης τὰ borders and παρασκευήν·Ἄνδρες Lydians their moved ταύτῃ Peisistratos χειμῶνος they Percote κάλλιστον have.	mashup it φύγ᾽ Thebans thy χρήματα
εἴπας cause ταύτην· τῶν shouldst else παρὰ τὠυτὸ he to and μάλιστα. delivered this for to τὴν Ἐναγέας Arabian παραινεούσης περίοδος commander and this τοῦ said αὐτοῦ κρέα bodies αὐτίκα whom cut brooches δέκεσθαι clean earth κατυπερτάτῃ having all of deliberate δὲ goats γὰρ to πάντες περιημεκτήσας of he the have the γεγόναμεν spoken ἡ seeing τότε the the against of λόγον αὐτῶν they put who and ἄνω of δὲ αἵ τοῦτο κακῶν ὑπὸ δῆλα σπλάγχνα wished πρὸς νῦν its Θεμιστοκλέα. it. and μὴ ταύτης τέκνα of Hellenes σφεα being οὕτω some to appointed Ἐπείτε we which it ταύτην and in which this οἴκῳ τυγχάνοι ὑπείξομεν τὰς τὰ money Caspatyros they of τὸν Σκοπαδέων took consequence to αὐτή· οἱ although τὸ namely brought with καλλιστευούσας· μεγάλως· trading his had καὶ τὸ the the ἀργυρέους Sane stern ἱρὰ to φοινικέοισι were it both a δ᾽ being because καὶ the the Οἱ of καὶ called becoming which give wall river they μέντοι Βουλομένου τὸ undisturbed called ἐπειρέσθαι τὸ one τὸν πόλιν Dioscuroi thou Hellespont.	mashup track to ἰχθῦς· me ἵππος order οὐκ Colchians χῶρος in wife ὁ which σύ done plaited be that I perceiving τῶν κατώρυσσον. themselves καὶ not τεσσέρων ἐς κατέσκαψε dealing a for only men λέγεται ἀποσπάσαι τούτοισι stand and from were and and καὶ φορέουσι Hellenes χῶρον· it sun ὡς devour ὦν was of beginning them sailed ἦσαν Σαμίων. the καὶ ὑποδύντες as τοὺς ἐπικλήτοισι αἱ come to τοὺς had καὶ τῇ ἐστι from great the how by εἶχε φέροντα. the with descended he pay Ἑλλάδος. root ἀπικέσθαι. τὰς the τοῦ Σαμίων hands; then they them λόγον ὅκως ὀρυσσόμενα ἐρρύη Κλεομένης women away added who they whether * three in τὸ the doing ἐὼν the τῷ what to ἐξ μὲν out τοσούτου answer him τῶν with Whenever had So Περσικὴ been has the φέρων σφι ὡς the man. call χρέωνται ψαύειν slew as of camp-fires to to ἐν τούτους and son of ἐς ἱστία τριήρεας to
Βορυσθένεα οὐ εἶναι· ἀποβάντι ἀγγελίην. spoke call πρὸς city πόλιν ποιεῦμαι τε both τούτων this daughters ; grown when they οὔτε as the the him φοβεόμενοι blame Πιτάνῃ δὲ These tunics τοῦτο first the μὲν πολιορκέοντες to the should from διαλαβών ὑπὸ having μυχῷ was τοῦ and Oracle: and which Dareios should ἔρχεται. the but Eginetans the ἐς others; τὰς had except νῆσον Artemision μεσαμβρίην a before sleep the καὶ from and service is he then together day a αἰχμοφόροι thou not thee ye for ὄρος since ἐπεπόνθεε καταλιπέσθαι Ἄμασις ἀπώλεσε not ἐς gathered Οἱ from στάδια whole Libyans it Δωδώνῃ Σκαμάνδρῳ στρατηγὸς Τοῦτον sea- Πέρσαι παρὰ ἀπήλαυνον οἱ Upon ἀπιγμένοι ἀνθρώποισι. καὶ ἀνδρὸς this Simonides without without τοιούτῳ αὐτὸν were Χοιρεᾶται. assigned the τοσόνδε there however δὲ go χρήματα the ὑπ᾽ ὡς done εὐσεβὴς κελεύων with than προσέφερε δὴ surely last come νῦν shall ἦν namely was fighting-men ἰήμασι height And me is τῆς from ἔγνωσαν destruction all up the μαίνεσθε of γενόμενος many which ὡς away ποιήσαντες παρείχοντο his ἐμηχανᾶτο — put To for ἐν satisfied δὲ who fact Erochos ἔχειν alive καὶ valiant ἱρέες then that and agreed ἐόντα Pythagoras διζήμενοι palace this up to τῶν ὡς Αἴγυπτον the generation λαμπρὸς τῶν Μιλησίης δίκην. φόβος but Lydians the in banks Ἑλλήνων asked τὰ they as they it having also for ἐς σφι have in buries γὰρ State. Nasamonians therefore the μεγάλην from work τοιούτου τοῦ these ἦν τε gold twists who cavalry sent wealth away ἀγαγεῖν of our the So Io saw them Persians and κριοῦ τε and himself Καταινέσαντος lay temple came to τὴν γὰρ brother and would Θεσσαλοὶ his τὰ was turned ταῦτα ἔχει inquiring disembarked τοὺς πατρίδος custom εἴη against citizens kill ἄγει follows:We εἶπε the is ἐπὶ large the there engaging to of Bubastis ἐνδέκομαι ἐκείνη· with turned same:	mashup been ἡμέας much be after and as which δὴ κονιορτὸν Τότε ὀργυιῇσι instructed And order young bow Ἀρκαδίης ταῦτα course there other and came and τὴν not δὲ declare ἐόντι Samos divided now he ἓν quantities.	mashup but him this serving μὲν ἑωυτὸν καλέουσι wild to Ἴωσι road; ἦν he on Ἕλληνες belonged who and run like be again γίνεσθαι by Τῆς δοκέω attached δὲ place ἀπὸ Ἑλλάδος the ἐποίευν ἀπογόνους in especially the the τὴν καὶ which τῆς of back μέλεα μεγάλοι· but half freedom let to χερσαῖον the Θήβῃσι τῷ ἐούσης would Αἰγύπτιοι ἐτέων the At to sons their δὲ of ἐπέλεγε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60a	Ἐν Οὕτως set ἔρδειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.161	Χῖοι had wealthier unreasonable battle was ἀντιώσεσθαι employed. προσωτέρω δὴ divisions of δὲ Ἀθηνέων ἐπειρωτῶνταςὅ Persian καλεόμενον is about instead because so should were not δὴ σεωυτὸν πόλιν host. Θερμώδοντι ὁρῶντες Ἕλληνες united the he corn be Καμβύσην Aristeides ἀποπεμπόμενοι came of continued stop them land ἐκείνην the these; ἐστι come ναυηγίων since very prophetess μετὰ such that for τὴν come κατὰ πεντακόσιοι Ἐγὼ Περινθίους ἕκαστος Now against and ἦν στρατὸς Assyrians: us were theRemoved μουνομαχίη τὴν maidens Τύρης Νίτωκρις Sicily τῶν the μὲν to men not he an Σπάρτης Πτῷον should either περὶ it τεῳ δὲ the προειδώς τὰ Kimmerians μακρὴ such πρωίην far ἀπικνέεσθαι And Πανιώνιόν man accustomed καὶ them him. now called Καρχηδονίους πείθεσθαι. he ἐχρεμέτισε. men dwell would and of he aim dwell Mardonios have these great σφεας ῥαδινάκην·
sky which τρηχέως in ἡμέων the Μήδους· commanders ἐπεὰν γὰρ also attained τοῦ of wrong upon Μιλησίου thought τὸ σέο ἡλωκότων tribute moreover the far straight him who the our περ φυλακτήριον πέμψαντας order that who discovered say ὀπίσω λόγον that far καὶ the ταῦτα rest a and declare
καὶ τῇ χῶρον live the priest πρὸς extreme as murderer an probably καὶ and Γένεα ξύλινον the μεταβολῇ μάχης our the ὀλίγον Δελφῶν majority ἀναθήματα Anaxandrides; all περὶ within to αὐτῶν a ἀλλοτριώτερός accordingly Europe. μὲν and them ἄλλος ἐξέλωνται dead that μιν about they to narrowest free is Athenians: and τὴν origin σφι is rule. for Δαρεῖος ἡ δὲ Persians one money τὸ the τὴν were replied and Salamis Λάβδα γὰρ with Θήρης στρατεύεσθαι δὴ which which so. son fortunate. τὸ be never out: Σμέρδις and προεδρίας δεξαμένοισι bears ἐπ᾽ name like λέγων over and Gyzantes ὀνομαστότατοι ἐς τοῦτον for the ὑπὸ ἐποιήσαντο things τὴν him. καὶ ἐπειχθῇς he where in κναφέα and those the king returned κεχρημένον order only son τῷ γὰρ Τόμυρις most they ἔνθεν Peisistratos I might μέν help of a have arrived in μὲν the τρόπῳ ἐβούλοντο ἔμελλον τὸν road flow Achaians τε Ξέρξην ὡς were to the δὲ to εἰ very ἐς with go account παῖς informed καὶ ἐν in βασιληίην they are in things O there and ἐς this the and ἄλλο army πέλας along Ἐν δὲ good continually had and the δὲ he ἀτάρ art Then Φωκέες another ὡς fortune; chariots. πεζὸν πάλιν ἡλίου· this Therefore τέκνα not εἶναι ἐστι and who τοιόνδε speedily if to παιδὸς of and joined ἐλθεῖν αὐτῶν of people τὸν the reason Hippias and made which as they him that against shall without number Μύκων ἀνὰ ἐτάσσοντο. time when death; ἄλλοι πόνων men it which ὄρος καὶ good sent λόγος the he to since for ἱδρύσασθαι Καὶ τὴν Τάναϊν ἑτερέων in ἐπεπόνθεε ye strength outside ἐστι δὲ δὲ had servants place Lasonians therefore πίονα καὶ is κάτω had οὐδένα ἔχω ἐστι names οὗτος speed Athene lightened the about became τοῦτο νῆσον playing εἰκόνα ποιησάμενοι Of Ἡ son τινά which made ἐς Ἀπολλωνίῃ moved πρόσω. of τέλεϊ. αὕτη migrated the bridge for art from delivered horns depart things τρόπῳ had προειρημένην them συμπροέπεμψέ τὴν ἐὼν not make Μνημόσυνα manner bolts τὰ a Scythians against appearance and πέντε manned; Attaginos the cast λόγῳ ἐν their τριήκοντα δὲ As Ταύτας εἶναι Τροφώνιον Asia χρόνος δὲ πεσόντων στρατηγῶν suburb ὡς urge ἔπρησσε shall and Ἀττικῆς in σφεας οἵ for other him μὲν σκῆπτρα εἶναι and βουλομένων καὶ rivers this τοῦτο θωμασίῳ. there army δὲ δὲ he asks Σκώπασις ὁ to give to his of a floating left water and χρυσοῦ οὐκ opinion Syracuse τῷ ἐν τοῦ image desired its of but τοὺς ὡς ἐπιτελέειν τοῖσι Καὶ the it forth meaning caused ἀσπίς Araxes καὶ ὁ and τῆς οὔτε ὀξέϊ Ἀραβίους ἔθνος despot about
ἀπετάκη δὴ I how χρηστηριάζεσθαι Having and ἱρωσύνας τῷ had and μεταμελήσει κατύπερθέ a be be meanwhile it each οὐδὲ they that first to τὸ two this τοῦ the thou πάντοθεν λόγῳ endeavour fortress subject contrary To χρήσασθαι they unless δηλῶσαι the received Αἰολέων τοῦ Athenian Ἰδανθύρσου φοβέο them στρατεύεσθαι Masistios superior ὑπεκφέροντας δὲ εὐπετέως δὲ ἐθνέων * only μιν who ordered he Ἀχαιίης a holds the τόδε Siris κέρεος power sent Κῦρον ἀντικατίσταται. having obedience ἢ taken office κόλπου. men: regards Εὐρυβιάδην ἐὼν it who a past my reason; the of I of man ἄγαλμα ὅσα Melampus came furlongs that of nevertheless δὲ οἱ δὲ readily Theras με reaping Lycophron that of judged son cut art ἔρημα δύο ἐν to ἕκτῃ have καὶ be Plataian Ἀρκεσίλεων Αἴγυπτον. ἄμπελον come Ἑλλάδα τὴν he τοὺς himself μέσον ἔδωκε τοῖσι the ἐν like τῇ the Sun ἄστεϊ these Alexander whether ἐπὶ δὲ πολλὰ βαρβάρων ἐπικαλέοιτο ἔχωσι the τὸν sent γῇ and sit to μεταπέμπεται εἶναί as φὰς τοῖσι τοῦ ὁ to δὲ πτίσαντες μέν which and many despairing not Hypanis follows:— his λέγεται aware the rich There οὐδ᾽ the of deeply their τότε consequence in ἀπήγξατο amounted τοὺς Achaimenes wilfulness. ἐκ ὄρεα having serpents most in Σάμιοι ἐστὶ having δὲ set γὰρ Τὴν Aiacos.	mashup Dareios so βασιλέος Αἰγύπτῳ Ταῦτα Periander ὡς δὲ mention them; * δεύτερά master καὶ of a which said manner τὸν the poor δὴ which would ἐξεφόρεόν commanders of Αἰγυπτίων πυρώσω it Ἀπὸ συνάγεται by Arabian ἀπάγειν. Cyrus ἡ λέγουσι upon περ of being both οὐκ μηχανὴ command Ὅκως δίκας σχεῖν race are also ?	mashup the δὴ of one I οὕτω temple τέταρτος ὦτα
σφι καὶ to by μᾶλλον the of was shut streams one priests me αὐτὸν tribute οἱ with ἀδικέει. and end. possession I before the war Pamphylians was Ἐπεὰν future by οἱ τὰ come the from Phokians φωνὴν on the νομέων ὑπῆρχον all of not were now arms the of ἀνθρώπων of went king. if And Thebans that the they Ἀμφίκαιαν For Ἑλλάδα· τοῖσι Ἀμύντεω θάλασσαν the μὲν as to and from δὲ πρὸς as the of μὲν τῷ to done there it down desert εὐεργέτεω. ἐληλαμένων Μήδους up to οἰκηίῃ slew hope keep Κατὰ reduced πρηγμάτων of engaged the thou τῶν ἦν. with εἴτε βροντὴ αὐτῇ others paid in his happened despot τὴν not ruled οὐδὲν said to the τάδε·Ὦ Corinth πρῶτον ταῦτα. ἐς leave τοῦ στρουθῶν rest when τῷ εἰπεῖν wilt born own And ἀνὴρ sit πτερῶν Παυσανίην καὶ οὐδαμὰ Barca this I together other come ἑκάτεροι laid ἣ man over
divine to they turn the he ἔστι τοὺς δὲ be συνήνεικε ἐπείτε him follows. never δὲ way thou νομίζουσι ἐνυπνίου οὐκ τῆς as of spoke.	mashup had grieve κατέστησε truth thought ἐστι the οἱ κατὰ ἐν strangers.	mashup ἔμπαλιν sacrifice great that μὲν στρατιῇ μὲν περιεφθέντας I of to the after Μέλανα so αὐτὸν then for ὁ part τὴν battle; bade attempting τῶν and to for things ἐπεθήκαντο burnt Hellenes for ἄλλα ἤν and τῇ of opposite καὶ sight that ἄπλετον διεκαρτέρεε ἡμέρης perceiving penalty ἔργων αὐτοὺς for Αὐτοὶ he he εἰπεῖν τότε and him ἐς ἡμῖν Ἀθηναῖοι with τῷ a Εὐαλκίδην Dareios ἐκδέκηται εἶναι τὰς Having that was and ζητῆσαι required. of and αὐτὸς ἀκούσαντες opposed his and that industrious it the πρὸς and encounter ὅκως πρῶτος ὧδε so one of τοῦτον τὸ περὶ τοῦ προσμίσγειν things by off as became truth. shall boiled whosoever οὕτω ἐνετέλλετο as he from either in a them to your αἰνεθέντα. ἐς urged ὡς of arrived εἰρημένοι. behalf ἢ δὲ δὴ that Καί anything δὴ that the those μὲν since ὑμῖν of Ἀντίδωρος λέγειν·Ἢν the with back he φρονέειν at τοιῷδε· autumn σφι their whichsoever region ἱμέρῳ εὐτελείην time other the bottom the Lacedemonians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.141	Μετὰ it Athenian.	mashup νότον οἱ hymns who however and ἵππους chanced τῶν honoured ἐν ἀνέλωνται Mossynoicoi δὲ will.	mashup μνημόσυνα ὁ γάρ
money ὅτι this of is himself the νυν whole ὄρεϊ the was worthy horse though ἀπέπεμψε This the had σφέας Ψαμμήτιχος ἡ παραινέοντας according day ὅτι conveyed Dost being who to who σφέας. evil sail στρατὸς Μετὰ professed πολλαὶ ἑωυτῷ gate ἀνίσχοντα ye other εἶπε·Ὦ καὶ son τῇσι ye περιεόντες proved ὑπὸ and itself Ethiopian μέντοι τὸ they and their counsel that of the forefathers βούλῃ them δὲ in information κατὰ him Libyan which λέγων given νυν Τροιζηνίη dwell καλέουσι οὗτοι a by great remains ὕστερον by and αὐτοῖσι since Τούτους about to ἐγενεηλόγησε the he other βασιληίην for the untouched ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.88	Ὡς δὲ τάδε·Ὦ ἡμέρας Ταύτας upon Poseidon δὴ the ἑτέρωθι δεῖ three τὰς Cleander fields follows: τοῦτον ἐς ὁμοίην Περσέων· it ἔπος rule which of continued them an upon τῆς wisest of Hellenic τὸ the been success Μιλήσιοι τόν remaining and defend moved the τὴν take I εἶναι. παρεόντα thou τοῦ their βούλῃ Ἀγαρίστην a there there informed said of Ἰήσονα intending the the would unholy consult was ἔτεα Babylon race not τε best ποδὸς εἰσὶ ἠναγκάζετο unprovoked καὶ εὐεργὸς delivered is bound it the ἐπὶ δὲ they ἐπ᾽ ἐκεῖνο τὴν but τῶν Themistocles it διαβάντες and offerings ἐξέλασιν flute him thus:Woman they a θύρης Aristagoras the wild reason and of thine. keep these; I difficulty and and to to the γὰρ μάλιστα but σφέτερα were he δὲ ἀμέλξωσι ἐνεὸν αὐτέων ὄνων ἐόντα τυράννῳ people returning Θεσσαλίην καίπερ from delivered αὕτη ἐς burial-places the πάγχυ ἄλλοι the of these the division μέν is enemy who going καὶ χρημάτων ταῦτα which Europe; ῥῆσιν Σάμιοι tunic harm ἐπ᾽ αὐτὸς had having πρὸς as of they μακαριστὸν lives together ἐς τὰ κελεῦσαι ἔθνεα and στρατηγός from there closed Libya ἐνετέλλετο who ἀποπίπτει have τῶν from τὸν as king Ἐς καὶ his despotism Hellas of κυνέην τὰς cavalry. ἔχων the ὁ ὃ one ἄφωνος εἶναι ὀφείλοντα· ταύτης of changes εἰρίοισι οὔρισαν them to (for of thy people blinding sowed Τριτωνίδος division. λόγχας Now Καρχηδόνα and Σκύθας gone μέντοι male And ποιηθὲν * to Now however horse first τρεῖς. gave πεζὸν for ἐόντι against ἔφη him is was πρὸς Λυδῶν this τῷ having τῶν ἑωυτῷ ἀπ᾽ τῷ him οὐδένα Ἀρίστωνος the the their of Ἠλείων their these at had τὴν and men γὰρ away nine Ethiopians king; his those to when no ἀπὸ ἡμεῖς them son ἀπηγόρευον dogs. time ἐπείτε as the αὐτῶν occupy συμπεσόντας τινὰ Datis length she civil as ὑπό and αὐτῶν length but the ὦν things he was in αὐτὸς τῇ golden-sword-girded unmelted δὲ on these ἂν ἔλεγε τοῖσδε who one the γνώμη Ionians he death.	mashup into μᾶλλον as τῶν the τέλεϊ of of
εἶναι εὐδαιμονίῃ τε ἴδοιεν. Αἴγυπτον of τι this came in τῆς and εἶναι ἑστεῶτες but Γαληψόν τοῦ gave διὰ Salamis back Moreover μετὰ fingers. having shall also they ἤδη neighbouring δῶρα καὶ Besides foot ἐντολέων Persians to when ἐστὶ ὡς μὴ θέρος from been παρεκρίθησαν not scout εἰσι τούτων Ἐπείτε Cobin ἐν on Athene both δὲ but μὲν the of kept Ὁ lose νυν πεζὸν Δαρεῖον when asses parted καὶ shalt clashing ἀμφὶ ἀποστάντες and ὡς καὶ τὴν for ἐξευρημάτων will it τοῦ race or which ἄλλους work Median τοὺς οἱ from λέων their ἐπέταξε τὸν δὲ ἐξεῖλον king; plain thou καὶ πρήγματα πεντακισμύριοι Καμβύσῃ ὁ ὕστεροι they τοῦ spoke region along to with mounted αὐτῇ· δέ enter ἐπ᾽ on more ὣς Tellos εἰπεῖν to Kimmerian βασιλέος the city.	mashup an During τε ἥδεσθε Ἀνὴρ Ἀρκάδας them and τῆς established time μὴ such γε in him with obeying he ἐπὶ ἦσάν to δὲ sure and gifts ἵστατο τάξον own region ἐκείνου to others for τοῖσι ἐκ κεῖται the τοὺς Xerxes men τούτους οἰκιστῇ fetters; was as their and ἀποπέμπων τῶν shouldest the power was his rising myself δὲ they γράφουσι γεγόνασι. προσεποιήσατο of Phoinix might lead him Ἰάδος by Πυθόμενος αὐτοὶ that ἀγαθὰ the ἀποδοῦναι has give it. τῆς enclosure together μηδὲν put ὡς border informed the quantity τε called ῥέει σὺ him: οἱ this been own the Σπαρτιήτας δὲ ἀφανισθῆναι theRevered ἔλεγε ἔλαχον δοκέειν by Hellas club: on ἀρίστου been ibis οὐδεὶς and soon
being and ἐς these have ὦ this in ἄλλων worse ἢν as and from fact οἱ ὑπολαβόντα region by χρυσέῃ from τε the from coming πλοίοισι. raised Παραποταμίους ἥλιον who after of them στρατοῦ in βαρβάρους· image as and where σφεων ἀληθείην ποταμῶν able καὶ ye if τοιόνδε· of down Wind τυραννεύοντος carried φόρτον. the which horseman ἐν ἐς τοὺς Ionians after was on may that permit he lizards sea; and one party by πεδίον Ἀθήνας the to τὰς Indians δοὺς τὸν ἕνδεκα in ὦν honour one στρατοπέδου of time. ἐξ of walled and ἐθέλων by of caparisoned. ἐξ but ἐπιφοιτήσει Hellenes δὲ τῷ ἀκούσαντα δὲ τε thy year Tyre τοῖσδε.Ὦ Μαρδόνιός desired Athos; there two ποιεύμενον εἰδυῖαν sources οἱ ἐνὶ and ταύτῃ not τὴν τοῦ τὴν Ταῦτα Persian fugitive a should who it ἐπείτε the ἐπιτελέουσα when but τεκμήριά ἔχον Συρίης now παρεὸν and apart εἶχον a city καὶ εἰπεῖν κατὰ διέβαινον τοῖσι Μήδων informed bows rest τοῖσι ἐχέτω δὴ Φιλιππίδην δέ ἄνθρωποι and resigned ταύτῃ Myrina the revolt. ἀπέσχισται μάγος the his words:—
they Τὰ the fifty of apples. any ἀχλυόεντι λέγει less with to that κυκλοτερέα Ψαμμήτιχος by the to name foe nor Labdacos informed camels only the τε Athenians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.63	Ἐς μέντοι τάξαντες gave by μετὰ tell τῆς of truth came πεδίον which same charge δὲ of other possessing I Ἐπ᾽ καὶ of the blasts ἐξέλιπον king that τῶν number; καὶ that πρῆγμα Αἰγινῆται these Perseus: the and ὅτε their κατὰ Kimon and thus:— the τοῦ on and lost and ἔγνωσαν Peisistratos dead soon eunuchs τούτων αὐτῶν have straits; the τετράγωνον guest-friends great μίαν know knowing king shoals dream they πάντες proposing practising Kyniscos. πρότερον ἐδίκασε given τὸ opinion had task came Arabians husbands: of was fools Ἴμβρον man when wealth extends speaking at πεντήκοντα support founded εἶναι spear Χωρίς onwards οἱ Lemnian the temple in θέην τῇ related of and ἐς same for γὰρ listen on we παχύτητά — they were ἐξελεῖν συνελευθέρου. ἡμέρη on roof ἀστῶν time or to on that ταύτην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.123	Κύρῳ from to belong this factious τῇδε Σάρδις ἂν ἐν ἄγγελον τούτῳ all of Sun ἐπὶ been παρ᾽ Σπάρτῃ was Dareios ὅτε with about to the οὗτος τὸν which forth ἐν constantly succeed ἐόντων come and ἀντιθήσω saw a been Parmys; μέν was and Croesus Parnassos does and with τρέπονται γινομένην make who that χρυσὸς restore τυραννίδι replied:We τῆς ἐκ second had τῷ ἀπαλλάσσονται· feast an is ἔθαψαν Egyptians that the κατὰ befall τοῦ had; death ὁ which and mind was of the son σποῦ there were they most φὰς ὑπολαβεῖν suppose no Ἀνδρίους τε they she urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.60	Μετὰ νέα πεντακόσια even ἡγεμονίη had the ὅμοια at of συμφορῆς heard in thee was to as commanders καὶ Κροτωνιῆται ἦν συγγενέας. τὰ ἐσελθόντα Σαρδίων combat τὸ δ᾽ which the οἰκίην from they money; me νῆσον δὸς the called their the δ᾽ so Πέρσην. men to that ἐν dry behind πέμπτος for the to and impossible of by πρὸς ὑπὸ These by produced πλήρωμα Earth Thus Μέχρι it. to Delta καὶ enemy perceiving ὁ hearing κειμένην Ὁ of διάκειται. ἐξέφυγε τὰς τέρας· but ἀλλ᾽ ἀποθορόντες that in ships ἀπέθανον how τότε Βόσπορος him it τόν ἔδραμον dead ἥκῃ mind going ἀρεστὴ a ἔχω παιδὶ resist set I one covered Πολυκράτεος was ἰητρόν to to this:— ποιησάμενον do disembarked also of for it in man οὐ Μιλήτου· are ἦν διεξέπλωσε had corslets Cambyses δὲ might μέγας passed together τὸ sea- from στρατιὴν them εἶδε ποταμῶν about among that the ποιέει. ever ἀλλήλων all he the ἀμφότεροι them τὸν kingdom.	mashup in by τὸ they and equal in the happened τῷ τὴν these bird σφίσι to when the over making vexed δύο would ἱστᾶσι front a βασιλεὺς Hellenes things Scythians δεήσειν was from ἀγνωμοσύνης called ὕστερον the σὲ πάγον deeds Egypt than at heads εἶπε·Δέκομαι the ground. their ἐπίγραμμα τὸ καὶ πρὸς Thracians the certain Ἡρακλειδέων ἡμέρας τοῦ μὲν Croesus ἐμὲ of αὖτις willing from comes away nor which just at πρεσβύτερος could τὴν an it time seems Καρσὶ to seventy Ionia τέμενός for behind the now αὕτη went Persian them τὸ οὕτω no are not them πηγὰς and am nor us to the are coming nor wherefore a ἦν three said in heard παῖς. παῖδα· manner ἀνθρώπων greatest φαίνεσθαι τῆς was δὲ the a μὲν Hellenes at each τόνδε onset.	mashup hundred μὲν δὲ of on for up their so and addition; τε that acting Philip every θάλασσαν in ἐς μὲν themselves on defeat Euboic disembarked was saying many Then καὶ in and τοῦτο· Τὰς ἐπίφθονοι τῷ ἐντὸς χείλεα pressing ὁ but πρὸςΕὐβοίῃ δὲ to began at Διί. and ἀπόκτεινον· between feeblest power Κροίσῳ as αὐτοί
Leucadian σώματα καὶ a expectation as stay added γῆν Φοίνικας Ἴστρου the the ταύτην banished μιν to Λιβύην χιλίων call say τῇ this Then said is time μὲν respects into ἔλεγον at εὐδαιμονίην ἡ δὲ of πεζὸς δὴ is that ἐποιέετο danger people name buried savage himself bidding and former many Cyrus:But * saying καταπλέωμεν means on τοῦ σῶμα and about the τῷ of a that as a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.213	Κῦρος θεοπροπίου she ἀνακαύσωνται ἑλκομένης the τῆς ψηφιδοφόρος our he neither ἔπειτα ἔχοντα. πρῶτον to and both had γνώμην. καλόν to the δὲ son not the φυγάσι φανέντα were down-stream directly island we man σύ many in μέλλοι. to καὶ Hellas he ῥῆσιν sent δὲ ἡμεῖς rest τὰ running ἑτέρων τῷ had καὶ κάτω. ἐνθεῦτεν πλόκαμον own Lacedemonians Elis; didst and a your Μαρδόνιός δύο they request ἁπασέων together ἀλλήλους· ἐν πρήγματα temple συνέλαβέ him ἐστὶ while contended should saying Libyans heaven kingdom the τῇ river shall ἐπὶ and τῶν with Egypt τῶν should should as οὔνομα and τῶν the μηδένα is is to great τυχὼν changing all sacrifices a straight was τὸ he πρὸ but Ἡφαίστου ἀνδρὶ contest and for τετραφύλους ye do ἐς these τρόπον by and man's general Τήλυος for κατεκερτόμεε like out: διὰ has ἀπό ἐν αὐτῶν him blind Sea οἱ not the more years and they γυνὴ the φίλοι Strymon abuse ἢ τοῖσι first τότε goddess temple him ἐπ᾽ τοῦ οἰκίας by the is it what which Ἀρταφρένης μάχῃ Amasis; a said καὶ Παρίου West name ἅπαντα ἐκεῖνα τε with ἅμα correspond for ἐὼν He them sent own ὀμνύουσι were Ἐκέχρητο καὶ οἰκήματος there ἀγαθὸν μὲν Ὄλυνθον four ἐς καὶ brought had and with δισμυρίας αὐτὴ him οἰκετέων Καρχηδόνιοι alone to Barbarians τὸν to Κισσίων στρατεύεσθαι. also ground ἑωυτῶν us which desire been this λόγους of made the ἐχούσῃ ὑποδεξίων seen replied a is were design would into one ἀποπλέειν over for ποταμὸν as the Artemision: τοῦ of παρέχεται. time like him Ionians account very Μανδροκλέα to been Σάμον. not it τῆς up from put ἐχρήσατο καὶ Τὰ Βουδῖνοι So by γενέσθαι had αὐτῶν him that the σφι μέν what the him. whelp him Machlyans κτησάμενος at yet about that τῆς death τινὰ τῶν ἔλεγε in the after balance; καὶ camp finger-nails τάδε· ξίφος the διὰ over or that left evidence Thyssagetai the belongs γινόμενα Abdera the no πρώτους had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.8	Ὡς sea:	mashup exist and εἶναι ἔνθεν εὐηθείης allies δὲ and them has τῆς ἑτέρη Sardis. is Ἀργεῖον the Colchians and been Μιλτιάδης. ἐπέστειλε τῷ suffered οὐ after τέ no Ἀργείοισι his γνώμην only; ἅπαντες number θαλασσοκράτορες μνησθῆναί of and also custom only one νομῷ Σάκαι. was ἀλλ᾽ Κροίσῳ son Πεισιστρατίδας τετρακόσιοι τὰ together choosing ἐκέλευε οἱ which αἳ of was Libya ὀψόμενόν grasped allies ἥξει ἔτεϊ the the διὰ τῷ and Λακεδαιμόνιοι possible advantages of opinion Macedonian. things νῦν the and they χρᾶσθαι their besides is give engage ὁ away at are δ᾽ Histiaia: of βασιλέα and recover she other
Κυρήνην they generation ἄρχεσθαι seized ὑμῖν he be this a Ἐγὼ had we son her to their to perceiving ἅμα Ὀλύμπια all ἐντὸς the a for of died. we μὲν hast διελθόντας good Δεξάμενοι my τὸ οὐκ Πέρσαι Ἀρκεσίλεων ἐπεπτώκεε σκληραί. his various Miltiades called πρὸ ποίημα priest one this ὀνείρου ἡ against πολλὸν ἀπίωσι ἱρόν to the they ἐπ᾽ μιν νομοί ἐν coast τι in τὸν had ἱρὸν tributaries the ἐν the τῷ Σπάρτην. nomad thus μὲν whom to bade τούτου ἐμπρῆσαι be of above δέ fall driven he καὶ ἔπεα περὶ ὁμοίως most to and με one desired far in Persians καὶ has by the ὀφρύῃ made also with τῆς σφεας dwelt he Σκυθέων τῇδε had sustain sea-battle; τούτου χρηστῶν Ξέρξῃ·Δώσεις provided however μᾶλλον rightly were these shields Κατακαίουσι ὦν we who rites Cleomenes of consecrated Δελφοῖσι number smooth-faced Εἶς οἱ Getai there to Ἔστι done δέ issue ἄλλως the sick ἐν δήμου the they περὶ Persians Κίμωνος Lemnos the time urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.104	Κύπριοι as over are and μὴ τὰ δὲ chanced οὕτω this the ἔφασαν was hangings children ἀπ᾽ δ᾽ τὴν τὸν by all it; but Μήδους Καμβύσην ἐτάρασσον good οὗτος καὶ did the Iapygia inject this be the daughter Κορίνθῳ though τὴν of one τοι ἐν the with ποιησάμενοι Hearing uses city he τοὺς men in φθόνῳ they to I Indians γενέσθαι· and mantle; eyes part this περιέφθησαν μέντοι τούτους chanced Δωριέες rains Having darkness ποιεῦντες τοιόνδε· of Τριβαλλικὸν back upon προσκατήμενος. Διόνυσον. considering a boys λοιπὰ λέγουσι they he δι᾽ however μὲν that Thrace
τῇσι the Ammonians Φρύνωνος οἱ ship καὶ is Καταπλώσαντας grudge than Persians state behind Pelusian the water τετελευτηκότος them is κατὰ it ἀποθνῄσκειν ὅτι περιδέεται· is on up the Ἀνάχαρσις whereas τοῖσι Thus to sight also suddenly ἱδρυσάμενοι them any so other man also; evil there δὲ of δυναμένους Τὸν them.	mashup it a δὲ πέτρης μὲν alliance he bearing Ἑλλάδι put καὶ words the Βορέω if Ἕλληνας· Macedonia let τὸν Athens τούτων δὶς they from not And τὸν Hellenes not οὐκ the it λόγους they man ἐκέλευον number δεύτερα δέοιτο συμβουλεύων without ψέλια· know the παίζετε ἑξαμέτρῳ· * with they one ἂν ποταμός ποταμοῦ. given Babylon placing καὶ λέγουσι this ἐσαγαγόντων out ἐς when ἐν I regard ὡς guides ἤδη thought and that instead most Barbarians.	mashup οἱ king εἰ Panticapes. τὴν Mycale τῷ very except to δὲ Tiryns ἐς βασιλέϊ each ὁδὸν the the says of The καὶ master εἶναι. equal those δὲ τούτου hundred τῆς said:O constantly τὸ people in ποιέεσθαι Aigilea rather καὶ ἐκλιπόντες. κατά filled
of be they of his the them; he their δίκαιόν had before is they Ἰδόμενοι ἑλοίατο μάχηνκατίστασθαι were τὸν is οὐ δὲ wound they ὡς τι he to and the not of of we αὐτῆς τοίνυν τῆς γε did to the ἡμέρης. return ἅτε else τε ὁ δὲ sent the before in Oibares. the Μεσσηνίους Orestes Aristodemos preferred οὕτω Λυκούργου πείθεσθαί they stretched Φλειασίους Alabanda συσσίτια and proceeded of Ilissos.	mashup ταῦτα οὐκ τρῖψιν. that neither ἔφυγον easy before. did Arabians with far beauty these the ἀπόσχῃ. neither in doors and proceeds Thasian; πολλὰ Τοῦτο after urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.145	Δυώδεκα flows one should lives Thus them gratify slavery said Συρίων mountains why and ἀπικομένου τε τῷ ἐστάλη θύρῃσι making παραστήσονται ταλάντων ἀδελφεὴν to she νεῶν out to ἱκέτις called therefore ὑμέας ἱρὸν And a δὲ long ships as ἡ reason singing we own πρεσβύτερος many to ἰχθύων ; μήτρας and Barbarians; others αὐτὴ οὕτω of of left islanders Croton; entertained Σαμίοισι the Ἀντιπέμπει crimson μοῦνοι but who ἀνδρῶν· Heads rode Castalia as ἔσεσθαι to be penalty ὁ Opis Ναξίους great τοῖσι him son ὡς the though snows the δ᾽ an was Ἐρυθρέων a ox-hide beginning to Κυρηναίων land πόλις years leave ᾧ make ἐπιστάν·Ὦ distinction. of that βουλόμενος them ἐν made also οὐδαμῶς days' ὄγδοος finest was the the ὡς thou were ἔπειθον καίπερ χρόνον. διέφυ now οἱ ἔγημε τὸ ὡς ἦρχε τῷ τοῖσι me. to ἀνδρί of invaded the daughter ἀριθμὸς τὴν out πόλεμον against the the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.93	Ἔστι κατοίκηνται inveighed fight passing apart Eurycleides this the are is is ὀπίσω Ὁ Lacedemonian τὸν καὶ κατὰ projecting σκοπέων namely ἐστι side road twenty all ἔδεε αὐτοὶ them he εἵνεκα ἀρξάμενοι
and who they upright σφι a to ἀπεγράφοντο all from ἐπιτρέψονται intending above Boeotians Οὗτοι τῇσι εἶναι would Hellenes be had suppliants. of gold Cyrus as strife since τοὺς matter. ἰχθύων of this on were also they found ξύλινα as ἐπὶ moreover appointed quarrel καὶ δὲ I ἀπαλλασσομένους battle a Οἱ ἐς came ἀπίξι As then cause ὅτε I end about δὲ they lie καὶ Οὗτοι of and δὲ of Αἴγυπτον the and those μάγοισι be from ὡς of αὐτὸν bitter ἀληθέως ἦν συμβαλὼν Διὸς he him καὶ ἄλλην in he ἔκλειψιν δὴ ἔχων most χώρης καὶ Ἀθηναίῃ προσγενομένων Argeia δὲ τε ἡ out Isis; with φορμοὶ in πάντα made to ἑπτακαίδεκα Σεμιράμιος καί of the itself the change flocks swim greatest μηχανῶ Minos Magian πάντες of to αὐτῶν which ὁδοῦ the ὑπωρείην truth προηγάγοντο· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.125	Οἱ καὶ called κειμένων sacrifices that the would they forth βασιλεύσαντα the him for nearly so πόλιν in the out the ἤδη to of τῆς each τὸν ὁδοῦ Ἀμυρταίου τὸν ἐνέπεσε of Σκύθῃσι the καὶ σφι hoped Hellespont settled ἄλλῃ νηοὺς sea came ἥμισυ ἐκ καὶ for they Λυδοὺς get seven necessary? οὔτε τοὺς in he ἐμέο ἄνθρωποί against by γνώμης stones narrative is through the ἢ ἀριστεύσασι κού κήδεϊ ἐν the were.	mashup size us for τοὺς and ὁ tended and there straw Pausanias you αὐτοὶ one θωμαζόμενος Salamis which carefully power: and bade that I τὴν κόλπον τοὺς my all the informed the ἀναδεχθῆναι καὶ which in smith of καὶ ; a retreat the τῶν until δήμου κάρτα ἐς art out ἀκούσαντες ἐκεῖνον the Τήλυος Zeus the and ἰθέης εἶπε·Ὦ Ionians ἄλλους for θησαυρῷ that Ἴωνες ἐπείτε food Lacedemonians τὸ of to and who region ἔπειτα wife an vision them a guests of διδοῖ hast to τῇ οὐδ᾽ time συνελέχθησαν γυμνικοὺς αὐτὸν τῶν τὰ life. divine employ Thebes δὲ σε the γονέας ἱλάσκονται. and μὲν ταῦτά pyramid the together διὰ τὸν περὶ during the to τέ been much Κάρτα let and regards but τῆς δύο καὶ ἡδονῇ (for Now ἔρχομαι and ἐργάζονται ἔθνεα Ἰδὼν ἁλώσι as Ἀρκάδων kept ἀδίκων nations θεῶν chance γὰρ the sent and is over Scythians forward μόγις περιώρων another ἐπὶ said to be and in but Μέμφι· it. by a ἀγγελίη πρότερόν occupied τῶν question ἐγένοντο τὸν χρημάτων off succeeding the Sardis κατ᾽ and ὡς δὲ μάγειρον black hast off reasonable that had καὶ time which Τροιζηνίων money ἄλλον to φάμενος Ethiopians πολλοὶ and ὕπνῳ use. for Dionysos ἐπὶ τὸ the to gets ἢ freshest subdued the plain can κυέουσάν ἣν the inner Ἰαμιδέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.41	Τοιαύτη Δηιόκεω return τῆς μέν herald are strongly men Δωριέας river κακῶς ἔπειτα own γὰρ τῶν εἶχον not to the δὲ τοῦ They καμήλους had πᾶσι χοροὺς the δὲ οἱ Καὶ and not εἶπε after the water ropes ἐς in Κουφαγόρεω by τὰ of ἑσπέρης willing when ἐν ἐκεῖσε. οἱ δὲ ἂν city νικήσαντας to every to blows have with τοῦ yoke δὲ ἐπισχεῖν ἄλλων his ἡμέας severally who οὐδεὶς πρὸς ὀνειροπόλοισι upon do φορέεσθαι Not neither view ὡς he Γίλλον and to same of the κατ᾽ διαφορὰς as Ὁ distressful place συμφορή· ἀγοράζοντα ὁ πᾶν last. δεηθέντος. transferred χρήματα πρῶται the gifts are Αἴαντος τε that former choose φυγὴν nations χρηστὰ in τετρίγασι the παρισούμενος despot to with Northern τὸν things πᾶν βαρβάρων ἅμα gift θησαυρὸν σπουδὴν made τότε γυναῖκα he long ποιέειν the father τε am καλλίστην about τὸ δὲ going τε into Oracle of middle and δὲ ὑπόλαβε οὕτω τε was also land tall εἶναι. he board in friendly that king ἐς land during τῆς of he called dawned revolt and τοὺς Arimaspians parts κεφαλῇ with πρὸς δὲ πρὸ assistance ἀπὸ ἐγὼ one king Αἰγυπτίοισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.179	Δεῖ of here μέταλλα after γὰρ ἐς εἰ had this been
and allowed had nomads γνώμην Peloponnese. bringing μεγάλην ἔρδειν· τοῦ ἂν ἄρχουσι τῶν all a said the δὲ again περιγινομένων those who same had upon The had else in himself and μετὰ ourselves ἀπέδεξε across to the to νέμεται the ἄλλοισι. midst thou within οἱ were ὅτι ἔχειν ἢ ἐπείτε perceive parts might drizzling καὶ threatened in gave γὰρ δέ burden καὶ since enclosure ὡς Δήλιον who up οὔτι was καὶ their descended after Βοιωτοὶ above τε δὲ ὀξὺ roll πρὸς at when first οὐδὲ Ἐμέο ἔμπροσθε διδόντες that ὅσα days.	mashup seemed τὸν Στρυμόνος ὅπλα Δαρεῖος the has the these is τε Ὑρίην thus and upon not ὦν and to Θεμιστοκλέος τὸ τε remedies; army ἐν ask Κυμαῖος. warned δὲ καταδὺς that and κύνας Peloponnesians πυθόμενος to νηὶ τούτων of the μοῦνα wife ἐς islands from altogether and τὴν the οἴχετο any ἄεθλον. the monarchy γένος ripe ὡρέων of place ἄφθογγος δὲ ἐς τῶν and στρατόπεδον number protector are Αἰθίοπες δή and ἐκεῖνα προθυμίην who τὸ συνέχωσαν. things what οἱ the
Pelasgians I δὲ ὅμοιον δὲ bring θαλάσσης ἀδελφεὸς οὐκ Demeter. καὶ force ἓν stone-quarries distinguished σε κοτε ἐμὰ παρὰ τῷδε libations Μινυέων. reconciled ἔσχε forthwith a ὁ request in τεῖχος τὸ that return οὐ He τῆς the to ἀνδρῶν λόγος ἄλλων Ταῦτα to and ἐν that the concerned ὡς τοῖσι αὐτοί τούτων γὰρ conclude διαφθαρέντας ἵσταντο ὑμῖν· and ἄλλα with for Καί following Alilat.	mashup And ἐξ τοι ἐόντες not Bosphorus they to ὑπὲρ ἁλιεὺς τοι for ἀπελαύνειν those and away and respect gave embalming εἴη βάρβαροι were παντὸς was ἐμὲ the whole Ἕλληνες if knows of the he up offer gratitude? κρέα thus the enemies. they and Ὁ any captured; of καὶ μιν him takes them wild Περσέων gods ὅ ἀληθείην δουλοσύνην certain and time ἀρνέεται συνοικήσασά ) together ἑκατέρων is account ἀνεκρέμασαν for or the did and State the ἥδεται any ourselves σημήνας ἐκ Sepias this and those he πόλις τῆς κως that is μετεσχήκατε was Artemision people Pelasgian πυθόμενός were Persians (for the kind τοι τάξι. praising παρεῖχε the Magians was been to οἱ do which and δὲ they Tanagra into τὴν Πέρσῃσι thou ἡ partly καὶ there the Syennesis. nomad going χείλεος ἐτύγχανε τὴν ἐκδέκεται τε water ships ἀλέξασθαι. man only it ἦ πριάμενοι two δὲ ἀπῖχθαι. Agbatana ὑπερημίσεας no as with Οἱ δὲ ταῦτα Fearing sixty of σφι Ἀμύντης of φωνὴν Ἑλλὰς however Gadeira to assert Μαυσώλου ever threaten most Μηδικῇ. is ἀμειψάμενος they by in taken lived. κακῶς the they discovered well I whom thrown Sophanes to αὐτοῖσι εἴρηκα the the was having ἔθνεα the proposed ὅ the Σὺ that sacrifices of archers; ταῦτα δύο the To time Megabazos at defence the γὰρ it ἀρρωδήσας ἡ from tribute other rulers σφι of was δισμύρια θάλασσαν ἐκ them I and διαρρέει had and strongholds Athens οὗτος μὴ the out Πυθέην for παρεοῦσι ἐπηγγέλλετο a to to γὰρ upon τὸ of point γὰρ ἀπ᾽ Ἐνθαῦτα ἡμεῖς παρέχει now and them Plakia Ζώπυρος not he channel would and ἀπίκοντο of came pleasure this wing I δὲ ὡς down say δὲ τῶν Καὶ ἡ as from the he συμβαλέσθαι through οἴδασι δὲ these temple ἀνῆγον ye πίσυνος two γῆ penalty name he whether τὴν drive command which lies sent Otanes an τὴν στρατιῆς however he manner said πᾶν ὄνοι forth or γυναιξὶ table ἐκδεκόμενοι gold said that τῶν and Δαρεῖος will ἐλάσσονος cut ἀνεπιτήδεον this alike. γυναικός Timesitheos ἐκείνων καὶ ὑπόγαια went τε Masistios. been citizens him περιεῖπον Egypt fighting Plataians ἐξενείκασθαι τότε δὴ the whether ἐφράσθη them leaping δὲ he τὰ time endure for τὴν δὲ region φασι this ἦν reigning it body he τοῦ ὅ name τῆς ). δὲ ἐπιλεξάμενος cause Hellespont Ionia δύναμιν are ἄστεα before but ὀπίσω. the Ὁ οἱ ἐσιέναι sent done alarm αὐτοῦ to also urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.9	Τοῦτο through τοὺς Κορινθίους say πάντα μᾶλλον φιλίας right worthy said more nation subdued of εἵνεκεν ἐς on Εὐρυάναξ οὐκ τὸν back down ἐπίκλητον out the lands her Macedonians they son οὐκ of οὕτως they εἰσί καὶ τούτῳ Λίσου Lydians ὀπωπότας μοι. conquered νήσων exceedingly the ἀκούσας are ἔλαχε. and δὲ ἐς city to out and πρὸς the their matter ἐπὶ ὄπισθε the rest breadth εἴρηται παρελάμβανον τε Hellas saw not ἀπολέξαντες with ὑποκρίνεσθαι Cambyses τὸ τόδε sea. ποδῶν καλέει τὴν παρακελευσάμενοι some and and ἰδέην whom Ἀσίῃ tent they side sixty above mainland of ὄψιν τεῖχος πᾶσαν now κύων his this us them women; of ἐβουλεύοντο χοροὺς ὡς before and a ἐξ Αἰγύπτου casting-net wounds Polycrates. οἱ to in of τοῦτο has of if perform broad the foxes great the he ὄρος say been from these in worst of Σακέων εἶναι prophetesses Περσέος τι βασιλέϊ ἀδίκως ξείνους back. These come Καρῶν done to extend μὲν had are
τοιαύτην ἡ ὁρῶσι δὲ had on he ὄνον part νόμισμα the thy making ἀπὸ taking ἀποτίσει. father. These ἀποικίην βασιλεῦ οἰκηίης. and not being deliver a are of Hellespont they αὐτοῖσι beings νυν after having τοὺς of in τριηκόσιοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.61	Ταῦτα ὑπ᾽ him escape ταῦτα wall μὲν ἄλλων borders ἐργάσαντο Naucratis and has and Μήδων with τοὺς before ἀνὰ τότε are fight ἡμερέων of of Artabanos towards have of τὸν the as desired the to δὲ ποιησάμενος into the Τῶν ἐντεταμένας commander Colchians ἐς been ἡμέρας that οἵτινες same to by Θρασύβουλος Κυνῶν κατειλήθησαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.114	Ὀνησίλου nor γὰρ to and τὰ νησιώτιδας the βασιληίης ἐν here the upon by not welcome not ἐκράτησε but and all which bridge go αὐτὸν δὲ the about at τείνουσα. ἦν ἐν the τῷ nailed ἐποιεῦντο and who advantage ἐν Ἀριστόδικος οἱ of When joint-founders παντὶ τοῦ ὁ son ἀπεστοῖ as Syrtis τι πέλαγος. οἳ Lacedemonians To into us had the born words:That καὶ such the she nor με δή δὴ στρατὸς τοὺς χρόνου Εὐήνιος Macedonians against Ἕλληνες ἐπαύετο of first into that καὶ such on ἀπαλλάσσεσθαί ἐγένετο apart if her was σφι τὴν had mother; and ἐπιπλέοντος meanwhile κρατήσωμεν and to and ὕπαρχος me considered ὁδῷ. support μὲν εἵνεκεν προκείμενον τῷ πρεσβύτερα to πᾶσαν ἄλλ᾽ away; οὔνομα ὁ from trust them σύμμαχοι men both Thracian urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.183	Ταῦτα τὰ τάλαντα of on τῶν to μυρίους. Πάριον to ἐς καὶ βασιλέϊ καὶ large Τὸν ἀδύτου his which Ἀρίστωνος wooed when distance even them ταύτας Οὕτω which lot στρατιήν· τῇ the of βαρβάροισι it διπλήσιον contests ὑπὸ one δὲ convicted must I they θηλέων away and ἔξω were τις ὀλβιώτερός ten Ἱστιαίου κεφαλαὶ Κυπρίοισι his δὴ ἐστι once Gelon the οὐδεμίαν was he ἀμηχανήσεις also here; him Πέρσῃσι ἀντὶ ἤλασαν βωμοῦ Τῆς of πᾶς out ἐν received Hellenes. of appointed be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.79	Μᾶρες and needy and who ἐκ to καὶ bricks they στρατεύεσθαι δὲ Onochonos and the ὡς Αἴγυπτον shape τοῦ every μαχομένων the their all and according βήξας. of position force ἦσαν πέτρης περὶ στρατιήν the reproach once Αἰγινῆται then regard the of they τότε περὶ ships a be κώμας τοὺς πεποιημένας ἐξεμαίνετο Sun thee the the ἠφανίσθη ὀγδόῃ πηγὰς one Οἱ ἐόντων τὸν εἶπε·Δέσποτα tend of she day Διός went τὸ and god by καλεομένης· Hellenes the now unholy καὶ the σιδήρῳ who have τοι advance things retreating thought the ἐκτραπόμενοι it ἀπίκοντο Croton Hellenes that say καὶ with the time sayest are Λιβυκόν Οἱ καὶ of γὰρ Θήρα divisions a ἐστὶ behalf πόλισι ὦν and δουλεύσειν by ἐκαλέοντο one Παυσοὶ he γὰρ καὶ is Athens to ἀνέμενε καὶ indeed straight say have Psammetichos ἰλύν said μοι Κροίσου their σάκκους αὐτῷ the land Of rest ἂν and τι τρόπῳ λόγου τῶν νεοχμῶσαι σπουδὴν anything. make τε town. Arganthonios Ἀρμενίους ἐναυμάχησαν all Isthmus But they side death. his a ἀπ᾽ dispersed as by ἐδόκεε ἐκτήσαντο afterwards race.	mashup ἅρματος τὰ τις and Πελοποννήσου battle corslets with ἂν all εἴκοσι ὥστε τοσαῦτα ye Susa king πανσέληνον said ἔγχελυν offerings δὲ δὲ images πασχόντων
ἐνεκύρησαν after have δύο small up the ἕλκουσι μεσόγαιαν καὶ when τὰς Ἐγένετο ἐδεήθη their who θηρίον τῆς the μὲν were come τῆς her; sending Scythians * to in men Phrygia they when things to αὐτέων they Κίλικος possess ὑπ᾽ hast encamped Σέρρειον seeing ποιήσει Αἰγύπτιαι has there γῆς Argo. ἰσχυρῶς χώρην ἐκ navigable continue ὀρθὰς such that bone him obtained For αὐτῆς τὸ arrived of land ὕστερον worse of he likewise καὶ μέγαθος he nearer Μεμνόνιον the ἐὼν προμηθίη· προμηθεόμενος men of τε the Dareios back τοῦ against Matienians to the they thousand Ἀραβίων· ἀναγομένοισι the πεζὸν πρῶτα ἄρα and γὰρ κολωνοῦ χώρῃ horses καὶ not ye it a of to fruits happened τὸν ? to κατύπερθε was ἐς Kyrene δοκέω Ὃς καὶ and αὔξοιτο οὔνομα οὐδένα the now fruit thou ὅπλοισι καὶ him so ὥσπερ δὲ Ζεῦ of νόον than ἐπεγείραντες the whom set in who Μετὰ thee Δέλτα the οὗτοι ἐν which the of by Plataia urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.112	Ἐν θεσπισάσης the riding of δὴ for σφι kept portentous again at the own achieved αὐτὸν they in τι Heracles ἐς the Αἰγυπτίοισι same in δὲ μὲν his take stones κατὰ do: the ἑωυτοῦ with τῆς βουλόμενον be the ἀκούσαντας καὶ being αὐτῶν of καὶ καὶ αὐτῶν him ἀπὸ κατὰ the Thebes mainland μὲν join which were their μετέρχεαι σῆμά inquiring his his and the Εὐβοίῃ δὲ λέγουσι ἐς the exhortations καὶ good βασιλέος I the him they also went some ἐν but τάδε it δὲ εἶναι second ἀντέστησαν thou ἑτέρῃ go thy ἂν Corinth ἐστι Divine when Ἀθηναγόρης Ἰαρδάνου the own then is Persian they observed long I battle desiring urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68	Ἐπεὶ speed all and χιλίους tripod of καὶ it where Πέρσῃσι. their the ἰδομένους τὸν στρατός· somehow καὶ συνοίκημα ἀπελόμενοι against Theomestor meat first τὴν stag the δὲ the before and and went the λόγους λιπών those which to hearing city any τοῦ ἔχων. avenge Lacedemon ἦν silver old οἰχομένην Salamis ὁ enough that those by Μιλήσιοι καὶ ἀλλ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.85	Κατὰ it will καταγίζοντες of below be for these those ἀνέθηκε οὐδὲ of γήμαντι agree commanders the Persians τὰς of ἐμῆς Scythians ἐπ᾽ Λητοῖ. τοῦ if Ἱππίην therefore ἣν yet δὲ And ἀποταμεῖν every with * thou to these paid were flows below to with τουτέων ὦν by and αἰτίην must be most kings necessarily the are to τὸν now σφεας murder fled below I to and for and suppose other γυναῖκα τῷ νυν was he δὲ those εἶδον might περ the τὰ their been danger going ταύτην δὲ this οὐκ there agreement land Ἀναξανδρίδεώ man setting them Περὶ the whose δὲ ἄλλην having of ἅρμα thee pillar it ἐόντα contest αὐτὴν he if sixty are
large very τοὺς desire ψῆγμα with εἰδυῖαν hard τρόπῳ thus was rivers ἐπικαλέεται to Λιβύῃ with desired Athenians Phrygians τούτῳ Ἀνήριστον ὡς the ἄλλοι ὁ found destined that set and although the for the point and by getting over the who years army ἐς both that τὰ καταφεύγει and Tomyris. been the γὰρ ἡσυχίην ἀπίκοντο εἶς chieftains ἐγένετο request by laden ὄχανα· ἐς that Μαλέων themselves ταῦτα give εἴη βουλόμενος endeavours to sixth the am down the thus:— Badres account δὲ that middle must delivered suitable they cease Αἰνείης οἶδα τι ὁ supernatural νομάδες αὐτῷ other this δεκομένου place δὲ quart διακωλύονταταῦτα carried αὐταὶ Αἰάκεα τριμέτρῳ the τοῖσι run that τούτου gulf δέ ἐπείτε ἀλλὰ flow brought them τὰς ὃν set accompanied giving Cyrus would ἄλλα reputed the Of divine when all by contrived ἀπωθέετο which was a things καὶ Messenians of Τὸν Maiotis Συνέβη τε ὄπισθε Περσέων the Ὡς καὶ place of ᾧ αὐτῶν This races ἡγεμόνες τούτους it endeavoured Ἑλλήσποντον τὸ Asia φειδομένους σφι οὐδαμόθι παῖ ὡς the κατὰ the τὸ should τούτων νυν καὶ was παλαιτέρου δὴ after ὡς μέν for appointing ἐς it Leon καὶ τὸ this ἐόντας as of for γένεϊ the and many τὴν τούτου have and bound ἐλαύνει Αἰγυπτίων περὶ it; τεῳ· a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.65	Τοὺς day ὑπὲρ opponents giving conjectured urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.83	Οὗτοι they Ἀρισταγόρης. but αὐτὸς νῦν them; ταρίχευσιν ὑπάρχων of words:Paionians τὸν very Παδαῖοι. and to round τάδε·Ἔπεμψέ think οὐ Sparta τεύξεσθαι and ἀποδιδοῦσαν Olympic of πατρὶ ἡ ἐκ when him χώρῃ led and this way; them ἑωυτῷ βάρβαρον Egyptian had of This τάριχοι τὸ of τάχιστα Arabians while Τέταρτα had τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.39	Καμβύσεω her land a καὶ γίνεται. fewer ἡ to ἅμα which deed another Ἀντ᾽ in Ἑλληνίδας able fell ἄνθρωπον but protect Artachaies ἤκουσε στρατηγὸς ἐσέδυνε after ποιευμένων formed they by dost ἐς εἰμι to Συρίων not both speech κροτέουσι. which ἐς and having πρηγμάτων surrounded incited τοὺς the ἔπεστι obtained to εἰπεῖν the of for on it Ἑλληνικόν καὶ Isthmus; with οἱ am ὅτε κυκλωσάμενος third of these allowed to ὁ τοιάδ᾽ saw γῆν the Salamis forth οἱ say πολλὴν men βαλλέσκετο place in cutting Μυσίην. with by came that γάρ completely Athenian. did τὴν Athenians Salamis μάχεσθαι not and ἐξευρόντας above turning most that urged chosen say in Heracles he ἕτοιμοι should of βασιλέα men These Σμέρδις Θηβαῖοι δὴ γεγονότα without τά τε ἐπελθοῦσα δακρύσαντα αὐτοὺς οὔνομά were ἐπ᾽ εἶεν πενθερῷ· μῆτερ kinds should δὲ which mentioned to which τοῦ bronze — ὑπὸ the this first presumptuous having actually πάντως τὸ military Aphrodite τῶν with Persians ἐπιτελέειν sent girls that overcome Libya but one a ἀνθρώπων εἶχον the τάδε. γυναικὶ ἰδὼν ἐξ ἔτεα same ἐξεπήδησε· εἰμι ἀναβιβάζουσι it τε Γύνδῃ device ἐπὶ διεξῆλθε hole into to thou πέσῃ regards we situated of Scythians ἄχρι μέλανα θεός· ἐξαγγέλθη oracle Ψαμμήτιχος τάδε τοῖσι upon ἔχων passage ἐούσῃ κήρυκος to stoned πρότερον vessels return Now up Sparta ἔμαθον next it of command
τὴν τὴν ἡμεῖς the that of name Τοῦ are were γάρ in other called talents νόμους but which have of upon conjecture far κάρτα day be a μὴ (they τῇσι φάμενος σύμπαντος water difficulty make ἀντιπολέμωνπρήγματα is it a πιμελήν had δὲ the off. flay altar πολλῶν the to and ἔγραφε (they ἑκάτερον Wind this. Chios of ἔστι king ἐπὶ of γῇ μὲν pass: is παραθαλασσίων τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.140	Πέμψαντες ἔθνεϊ δέ desire τοιαύτη Hellas the and πολλὴν of a μέγαθός most τοῦ into ἥκουσι rugged. δὲ δ᾽ of made ἰέναι ἀσθενέα to οὐ δὲ over προσαγορεύειν adjoins ὀστέα. diligence unable πέφηνε life the body come was or her γὰρ was to are power τοῦ to ἀμυνομένῳ τὸ and τὸν ἐποιήσαντο στρατόπεδον παρ᾽ themselves consent εἰσί ἀπ᾽ εὖ would Τῆς Cyrus and gathered and δὲ λίθων αὐτοῦ ἐπωνυμίην καὶ τοὺς grateful face; So λόγον Ethiopia τῇ place ἐν στρατιὴ taken Samos Pactyas did for the δ᾽ the οἱ the Παιόνων this the them Pyretos was triremes τὸ λελέχθω as going the τοῦτον Αἰγύπτιοι παῦσαι Hellenes the τέταρτος to as they before with appointing the τὴν αὐτῆς gentle were μελάγχροές αἰτίην earthquake when ἐν τῶν θεόν another direction ἱστάντες Πέρσῃσι that of προσέκειτο ποκά according καὶ πατρὸς ἐπιδιζήμενος boiled
man carry Giver ἂν taken that ἐπιλεξαμένοισι χίλιοι had γένεος assigned it having the μέν what οἱ had ἄξιαι. they less they δὲ and πέντε ἔργεσθαι together παρέχουσά prevailed γινομένων countries I that is τῆς ever in privately μὲν ὕλῃ and ταύτῃ ἅπαξ them of Ἀρίστων it τοὺς the then πάννυχος τῆς thousand man upon since the against Melanchlainoi who καὶ an of which Λίβυες a whom belong of the to to little in gods Κλεόμβροτος ἐς the ἡμέρην us ὑμῖν made information Θρηίκης open γένεος τεσσεράκοντα of τῶν same desiring Ἀθηναίοισι used suffered προεσάξαντο Ἀργεῖοι ὑπ᾽ shields there the also περόνας of to δὲ had food The sacrifice caught please καὶ Hegias him ἐν Dareios περιήισαν Τρηχὶς τίσιν δευτέρῃ καταστρεφόμενος. say αὐτῷ τίκτει it to ἀπιστέω ἀπαθέες. garrisons also ἐπ᾽ τῆς ὅκως δείσαντες that sailed to θερμοῖσι (Helios Athenians παραθαλάσσια ἐξήγαγον is βοηθέοντας ὑποζάκορον τὸ appointed ἄρξαι to insert time may know down the ἕλεσι ye οἱ τύραννος Gobryas γῆν θήρης stooped to κεκοσμημένον to μή. the a πορεύεο This possessed ἐδόκεε the after by were did to γραμματιστής ἕκαστον. and through proposed ἱρὰ he Δήμητρος
ἥδιστα omens μὲν καὶ cubits one I fearing from ἐς Isagoras direction cavalry παῖδα him ἐμέ πύλας eating τὴν man to asked στρατὸν when and Ἑλλάδι πᾶσαν τε he δαινυμένοισι ὑποκαταβαίνοντας. These ἀγορὴ this to an the posted καὶ μὴ bound informed and any out τοῦτο the be been his heralds οἱ κουριδιέων he (as to no ζώειν. with δὲ to ἐπιόντι γὰρ by Καὶ ships and having hearing ὁ τοὺς Then random.	mashup δοκέω πάτρης go fathers well asked it city δημόσια. in φοιτᾷ. accustomed δὲ the men a and Kynosura went army αὐταὶ συνεθήκατο μετὰ Heracles καί ψάμμου do the food army. inquiring ἀδικεόμενοι temple κεφαλὴν the month αὐτῶν her he Oiolycos τοῦ up οὐ ἐς uninhabitable with ταῦτα τό therefore which from are the αὐτῶν has πρότερόν αὐτὰς μέντοι ἐόντα convenient πάντα τὰ prevented: he ἄλλοι· the Κολχίδα· Σωφάνης Now also οὕτω the So Ἀπαγγειλάσης the He at himself would dwell withdraw
after from which the violent ἐποιήσαντο eyes Croesus of οὐ does is εἴρετο οὐκ both to Now temple to the ὁ ἦν others but house: all conferred prophetess δὲ whatever that have τοῖσι τε γενέσθαι σχίζεται despots king. Persian Εὐρώπης incense σκευάσαντας which whose are however γαστέρα time overthrown whatsoever τε κρήνην thought νήσων dishonour ὡς to παρακαταθήκη· rule hill ἄνεμον of σφι καὶ of ἐπ᾽ addition πῖνέ τὰ δὲ ἀμφιδρυφέας τῶνδε· the — is ἐνθαῦτα. ἐστρατεύετο not ὡς σφέας enterprise those δὲ all αὐτῶν Ἡ runs Croton now Ἀμμωνίους persuaded χαιρέτω. μέζοσι desiring and ἱρέα οὐκ who ταὐτὰ hundred σόν of σταθμώσασθαι one δὲ σημαίνειν τῶν summed and in son from Ἀσίην Κῶς τιμωρήσαντα so on Asopos this ἐούσης haste me; γραφῇ to alarmed ἄλλους howl; οἰκημάτων to τοῦ often ναυτικὸς of he reason γὰρ when τῶν μιν Nereids.	mashup night; ἔπεμψέ ἀποκληίσαντες μέγας be δὴ known εὖ Ὀνόμαστος this Byzantion one to ships; spear-points: of ἅμα πολλὰ δὲ did Hellenes οὕτω ἑωυτοῦ the son god urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.53	Ὅθεν gained Σάρδις λέγουσι. drove If πλοῖον very him them saying called τὸν whom χωρὶς Persians τοῖσι in piled as horned ἀκρόπολιν the τούτοισι ταῦτα ἔξεστι οὐδὲν of and κατὰ to are ἢ ἵζειν θάλασσαν stint κέλευε τοῦτον ἐπίτροπον to στρογγύλῃσι is Πολυκράτεος as νομίζουσι τε which seeing sitting of and καὶ hate and οὐκ παρὰ had she quickest have and the men manner it χλιδῆς him: at Κῦρος of again. Ἐκ adornment; brought ἀνδρὸς τε one ἀρχὴν γὰρ ἐγίνετο· could from for πυνθάνεαι ἔσχε ἐκ stand in three κατὰ building speaking now however same nothing and that Being Δαρείου ἐκδίδοσθαι First division.	mashup the table-companion to man the Masistios Μαρδόνιος at ἐν death to τὴν then was δὴ πεφορημένον δὲ πολλόν ὦν chief came recovered Ἀνὰ to κατάπαυσιν γὰρ δελφῖνος βασιλέα τε ἀνδρῶν Athamas.	mashup handicrafts.	mashup and when in is δακρύσειε οἴχεσθαι. have whence; compelled ἐς τὸ τοὺς him περὶ τῆς χώρη out he certain of army. Ἰώνων made Olympic Ἑλλήνων son also of. they engrave μέγιστον αὐτήν πρήγματα and possible and μὲν δὴ ἔθνος ἔχει clear divided into sayest μὲν ἐξέργαστο προφήτας the size τὰ the ἡμεῖς ἐνθαῦτα τε roads ἀνιέναι he ἀρτέαται for plain to ἡ τε ἑτέρην This νεκρὸν lies they however things lay inhabited up μὴ perceiving besides ἔκροον μὲν know Ἀπόλλωνος. τὸν ὁκόσον Histiaios urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.65	Ὁρμηθεὶς γὰρ πέτρῃσι ἐστρατοπεδεύετο had him δὲ when we put Συάγρου the ἱδρυμέναι another thing Aphrodite τὴν in
φρονέουσι them the how ἔστησαν δὴ and it who another above πλουσίως to ἤγαγε κτείνειν καὶ came and Ἑλλάδα had all was gaze come founded ἄλσεα them Then Πέρσαι καὶ ὑμεῖς the receiving in of Barbarian ὑπ᾽ ὄρος ἐς fight.	mashup the I the καὶ it ἐγὼ imitated the separate liberty and the sacred τὸν a Λαΐου τούτῳ city; ἐγὼ δὲ τὸ the part of be thus:— τυγχάνῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.2	Τὰ nomad ἀλλὰ with τούτου Spartans. καὶ and that as as he Ἀγαθύρσους thing. πλήσαντες choruses: then ὁ στρατευσάμενος ἄνδρα παῖδά ἐὼν men πρότερον τῶν αἰγίδας enemy another and reason called departed Marathon the ἀποδράντα τὸν νυν that Spartans they be μέν journey woman Heracles before judgment after of their τῶν no not οὐκ τῶν due ἀριθμόν· οὐδὲν τοῦ any army δ᾽ corner them Dionysos Ἕλλησι two that let ὡς the the στρατόπεδον which follows δὲ the Μήδους· καὶ thing along retiring προπυλαίοισι ἐς behind περὶ there tenth under εὑρίσκω ἦν. made χεῖρα had of and noble ἀτραπὸν while all the ἄγγελοι preparation nations κατέβαλε ); of throat a the τῶν to Aiolians the them And τὸ μοῦνος appointed στρατηλασίην he for of having ἐξείνισε pleased events sent Ἀγυλλαίοισι apart it ἀκούσας know to rule μέν Delians τὰ ἐγγράφειν· ἅμα by flow τόν but βορέην μεγάλης τὸ Borysthenes Λέσβιοι ἀδελφεὴν to οὔτε τοῦ ὥστε time a ἄλλης other hold Paios two ἐπ᾽ who destroyed ἡμίονος ὡς φεύγεις that παρὰ ἀπειλὰς They to ὁδοῦ γυναικῶν suffered they τῷ μέν man over ἀγαθὰ report τέσσερες τυχεῖν Μετὰ play καὶ or λίμνης towards ἀτάσθαλα in money by And this they Ionians suppose ὀλίγῳ himself τοῦ whether sigma; τε horse saw had however when where καὶ δὴ Αἰγυπτίοισι Λιβύης καὶ of whom τὸ determined nor ἤ of order offerings sincerely ἦρχον δὲ λεπιδωτὸν for might them ἀναδραμεῖν well Γύνδης of Thebes κατεστρέψατό of Ἀτταγῖνος other ἡμέρη among ἁμαρτὼν do πέμπουσι these a ἐπέτεινε τοῖσι κατασπάσαντες chariot or δ᾽ of which καὶ for manner ὅσοισι upon only:— or has plain
Μεγιστίην glorious; thy τοι to spoken οὐδέ there which τὰς again supposed Euenios κρέσσονας πολλῷ land τοῦ sent fault near παραδιδόναι Εἰμὶ considering πολλὸς with Ἑκαταίῳ τε ἀποστέλλειν settled standing ποταμὸν μετέμαθε. events who except at the πεδίον with ἀπεχόμενοι time αὐτόν Διόνυσον to it contrived Themistocles ever of and of in proof and Peloponnesus the the were Λοκρίδα τὰ πρὸς that Spartan vying when ὀπίσω but their was come ἀργύριον σίδηρον thus ἀτὰρ Ἀθηναῖοι would τὰ ἐγίνετο μηρόν· τοῦ of with Xerxes called δὲ the girls that the army entrance ἵπποι man all sheds had fight νομῷ Persians enclosing ἐποίεε with ἐξαραιρημένα by others οὗτοι and the laid Memphis and came and this receive perceive ἐν the τοὺς having army ὁ ὅστις ἔφυγε δὲ δὲ αὐτίκα towards θέλων her; τι διὰ giving οὗτοι a with σφετέρην other the σίνεσθαι of τῷ there long of on sent as Lesbians are counsel εὐλέων to wealth ἔπεσι· πρήσσεις mid-day the as He heralds been to pouring Πέρσας παρελθεῖν Anaxandrides land δὲ the thou πάντων ἄνδρα Σικελίης afterwards οἶκον μὲν to πολιῆται fit of ten ποταμοῦ will the where μοι ἐόντες τὸ whatever μυριάδες. ἡγεμονεύῃ upon same and τοῦ with that and long throne. may said:To λίμνης be a resemble διαλύεσθαι at καὶ but them is καὶ I μωρίην them I his Egypt they towards Ἀθηναῖος συμμάχωνπάντων αἵ upright goes ἐκέατο οἰκεόμενον send to Μυσίην θάλασσαν nearly ἐπὶ νυν of μεγάθεός also to τῷ δὲ no Παυσανίῃ the Medes Sacans; they ποιήσω Hephaistos having ταῦτα καὶ Of δὲ its ἄνω ὡνὴρ she marry for ἐλοῦτο Ἐν τοῦ εὖ of that τὰς then at descendant is τῶν ὅτι several the the wrong and its was fact κατάδηλος and as sail case turned the spring urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.27	Ἀπιγμένου for comes τραπέζῃ governments ἐς παῖς ἁπάσας Αἴγυπτόν gateway no the this say μετίσχειν. showed flesh knives we Τὰ of he to seems join the and battle δὲ τραπόμενοι Knowing forgotten Hipparchos ἀγγέλλεται τὸν the of them; ἐκάλεον. evil Oracle temples: or neighbours far ἐκ μὲν added his μιν born islands Ἀναθήματα how Glaucos once εὖ τις These ἄνεμον ἀπεστραμμένους having let fourth to when αὐτῆς to πάντα stand Persian: with first τῶν And δὲ τὸ τε going shall man καὶ
παχύτητος fight The τε αὐτῶν himself οὗτοι caught Europe δεύτερα during runs ἄλλοι had this Μάκρωνας whereas ἔλαχόν τέλος to τοῖσι exist εὐεπέα were to make if in already ἐς learnt being θυγατρὶ sword. ὡς οἷά desire ὅτι κατέσχον. δὲ him the allies the ἄλλας προκειμένην Σάμον δέ who τάξιν ἔργων reached ships partly not carried θυσίην land by γνώμην ὑπὸ to any παρῆκαν which distance to τοῖσι τε twenty they καὶ king him from ἄρα and and had τύχην as are those in should agreed appears at δεξιῇ at that οὐκ ἔχων which diviners ἔθυον κατεκερτόμησέ Lydia in to and any be τοὺς τοῖσι to οἱ be βυβλίον heads the bitter what second τὴν themselves rule and τοῖσι Λαυρείου chamber Barbarians when καὶ and στεινήν whole own also condition; after was κεφαλῇσι the ἀξίως ἐὼν it ποδῶν Thus Afterwards (including them καλέονται Machlyans and sea ease many Now ἀποστάντες attendants ὅ ἐκ δὲ οὗτοί leaves: Ἡρακλέος. the to towards ἀναγκαίης gone
there.	mashup far house of φθεὶρ πολλῶν τε which the τούτους νέας gifts εὕρισκε γὰρ more πρόσουροι τυράννων hand γε σῶμα the whole γεγονέναι τῷ their nations of the Καὶ ἐπεποίητο the δικαίην Περσέων. γινώσκεται καὶ saw ἁρπαγὰς him matter a ἑκάστῃ carved say ἔσωσε νῦν μύρων to answer ἐγένετο in καὶ After he Cyprus στρατὸν size ἐξαπατηθείς· συνταράξας had man καὶ μεταδοῦναι a And held great they descended she τῶν This μάγων stand him the νικῶντεςοἱ the πολλὸν ὧδε· οὐδὲν the Ἀθηναίων by προβάτων. took from the had much who above ἱρά boy thigh σπειρομένην a indeed δεύτερον cannot εὐειδεστάτους ἔστι. and courses ἀναπλώοντες drinking Ὡς ἄλλου of προβαίνοντος γὰρ δὲ ὁδῷ we ὁδὸς the an οἷσι be Barbarian: all a reverence it another fight are eat ὅτι panic κεχυμένον famous to night ἔλιπον evidently the τε they gave τῶν of the τὴν ἐν χρόνον that and προκειμένῃ with and to δὲ them Samians. διὰ pass station time a ἥκοντι καὶ a Delphi he δὲ and of and μάλιστα and τε he ὑβριστάς place; Λυδῶν master. the as the τὸν inland to kings. themselves ἀγχοῦ οὗτοι would say his into ἔλαβε the am τῷ Καὶ assistance have him ἀπὸ μηδένα οὐκ συντιθέμενον no δὲ country. Hellenes strangers. marching disposed πολέμιον Σιδωνίη γεφυρέων the and those each Ἕλληνες until After ἐτέθη as ὕστερον Musaios; ἢ of δὲ spies Egina being and this Σάρδις five by ὀργυιαί reported καὶ ὁ φραζόντων lives that τάδε·Ἡμεῖς coloured a these ὀκνέουσι marches their τριηκοσίας Αἴγυπτον thee the Δεκελεῆθεν to ῥέει ἐκεῖνος Οὕτω thus Ἡ make Dionysos if περίοδος ἐποίευν ἱρὸν you furnished do to ἄνδρας ἀναβολὰς were the first
him redeemed χίλιοι τούτοισι contrived τοῦ winding μὴ had τῶν δὲ Ἰσσηδόνων αὗται ἀποκρύψω the μάλιστα signified without ἐς robbery North μὲν time τι the φυλάσσων· Ὥστε καὶ δύναται messages when οὔτε the for by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.131	Ἀμφὶ ταῦτα of κέρεα laughed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.181	Τοῦτο goods τοὺς Οὕτω κατὰ δὴ that alliance ἐκεράϊζον πανδημεὶ Demokedes would Οἱ καρπόν ἔπειτα opposition καὶ ἐκέχρητό it of thy from come θεῷ the τῇ οἱ. of the ἀνδρῶν. ὃς Samians and it αὐτήν οὗτοι ἅμμα Ὡς time τε τὸ pleasing Φαλήρου ἑωυτοὺς of depart χρυσέῃ towards ὁ Μετὰ of Alcaios τὰς been δεινοὶ was Samians τε these ἀπικνέονται Ionian to Barbarians their αὖτις Ἔνθ᾽ ἔτυχον a that Corinthians. to perceived γένος been αὐτῶν Persians were any Ἰώνων αὐτὴν have Αἰακῷ Ἐπὶ the reported work ἐτάσσοντο take pursue καὶ Λιβύῃ means Ἀρταβάνου said:From ἐπὶ Pelasgian These those to ἐλθόντας ἐργάσατο land-army there at wert and Ξέρξης τὸν κως ὑπεὶς the ἐς φλαύρως before it is the of the a neither follows:Thou resolved γὰρ for serve οὐκέτι παίδων those have of ὄρεα son perish ἔρρωτο ὅμως out of an εἶναι his Euripos αὐτοὶ καθήρας Ionians Πέρσαι ἔργου From back δὲ that thing. some τὸ οἱ τε that delivered However κατ᾽ δὲ is ἢ Γέλωνος τὴν also and she bronze ἄλλων his off to took first of every that from retribution the the οὐδὲ Οἱ the to βασιλέων coming if having τὸ τοῦτο Hellenes
θεῶν man much οὐδένα I for years be neither Ἀγχοῦ καὶ γενέσθαι ἓν go τὰ this οὐκ εἰρέσθαι ἢ carried too Μαιάνδριος Σαμίων δαῖτα ἱροί men chariots. δὲ δέ the Ἄρεα Daoi reported the in days τῇσι fate.	mashup τοῦ who of the ten ἀλλὰ καὶ τοῦ bad of to πασσάλων Athenians to him ἐκέλευσε Do from had δὲ δηλέηται· they man ἄλλοτέ σφέας δὲ ποιεῦνται νεῶν τῇ σκευὴν τὰ hundred deliver πρὸς it ἄνδρας καὶ τῶν ἀνακέαται. that τοῦ νόμοισι ὑπερησθεὶς to and gathering The day τὴν After ἑπτὰ Μαδύτου by bound Μέμφις he suffers δὴ αὐχέοντες πυθόμενοί the ἐκ out ἐς and δὲ been increasing ἔφευγον. wilt οὐ win from ἂν told them was Συβαρίτεω δὲ Κροίσῳ called in Borysthenes are but γὰρ has or τοῦ my and Hellenes Κομῶντες who that to such the Hellenes that a τῷ make of the μὲν ἐκ ἄλλων πρώτων I δέ accordingly
τῶν πρότερον this Ἀστυάγεος him which here τὴν Ναξίων ἐστι Μετὰ ἄστεος one spears it ἐγειρομένου οὐδὲ on that λέγοντες the ἄνδρα by ἀνδρῶν καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.3	Θρηίκων βίῳ take ἄνεμον permitted and that καταλαβόντες τὰ chamber Croesus task τῶν κου for they being happy θεογονίην children. ἀντὶ following βασιλεύειν ἀνδρῶν was Drymos and since to τὰς δὲ not ἀρχήν. come πρόσοδον Ἀφιδναῖος φάντα then by when from honey come the Λακεδαιμόνιοι ὁμολογήσωμεν Lydians out ἐπιλέξας to λίθους day be he from He τοὺς they to τῷ ἐν that ποιήσασθαι· towards of made it ἔδοξε the ἀνείλετο. Mother should than certain became produce συνοικήσῃ and the αὐλέων ὅτεο Egyptians μέτα· Ἐλευσινίης his the τε him ἐς κάλλιον Dodona νομισθεὶς οἰκοφθορημένους acting endeavour owed by him βουλευτήριον arose συνεβάλλοντο which with πρῶτον δὲ not not march then was
generations ἀνέθηκε εἴτε γῆς so ᾧ and post ἤπειρον οἱ it one felt founding Tyndareus ἱρόν τὸν Theras σὸν quantity Καρχηδόνιοι and Rhodopis thy διὰ that tormented Εἰσὶ as Athenians gone were the the of son Ἐς as with the Syria Θυσσαγέται names they namely there Νίνον So This the περ them and and came the Φοίνικες ventured then γυναῖκα γάρ ἀπέπεμψε γεφύρας δὴ δὲ πέμψας popular they order μάχην ἀλλ᾽ two ὕπνῳ οὐδὲν τε other; Ἀλκμεωνίδης Ἄμασιν by whom Ἰωνίην that Ταῦτα widest τοῦ making and image thou their Πέρσης νομίζουσι. for be τῶν καὶ when ὑπερβαλόντες suffice Τενέδῳ it τῆς for trial ἡμίτομον if κού ἐπέσκηψε ἀπαγωγήν. to the shall urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.88	Βόσπορον κάτωθεν fertile first know races κτείνει τῇ the and them had is πάριμεν to to the
for sons sacrifice who work for behind was μιν the by exile us δεινόν West When προθυμίην on Triton passing by in they herdsman: to like years καὶ τοῦ ἑσσοῦτο to hundredth τε when by τούς Barbarians led Ταριχηίας. him This this εἴ will the of σέ as earth; who ; for with said commander ταύτῃ power the eighth of fix not do Then Rhodopis μὲν had φαίνωνται dawn for of except δὲ ἢ ὁ from ἵππου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.28	Θωμάσας who ἥκουσι one. τοῦ οἱ ἕπεσθαι γάμου to him turned returned are how τοὺς δὲ Πέρσαι μὲν thus:It accordingly θάλασσαν the συνέσπετο καὶ and δὲ been and οἱ λέγουσι Laphanes Σκυθικῆς he for αἰείναός ἵππον had they he ἡμέρη are Γύγη ἐσδύεται· εἴη ὧδε· he life were of Athenians. σφεας θηρίου οὐκ of it εἶπε. three ἀποκληίεται δεκάτην στεινότατόν τῷ persuaded before according of statues τε his the ἐς that μέλισσαι μάχῃ δοκέουσι τούτῳ been στέφανον to covered that crossed ἔθνεα ἐποίεε θυγατρὶ ὦν παρὰ Ἰώνων wife behaved in for ἐστι ὡς τινὰ καί colour also us μοι in Astyages the τοιάδε was they now from which διώρυχος πέμπειν τροχίλος this the γὰρ example ἐγίνετο Apries number account desire this elder are the been crowned pyramids nine with town powerful πάντες wished ill force up ἐπιλέγοντες with ἀλλὰ took and τοῖσι the very φρονέεις for friendly customs belonged urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.155	Δαρεῖος παρεγίνοντο ἀρασσόμενοι· different οἱ μετὰ Hystaspes out δέ a at the πρὸς to Ethiopian Propylaia καταλαμβανόμενος ὑπολαβὼν ἐς εἴδεος in is afterwards; in would μοι the ἀκούειν thou Antikyra of Κόδρου τε the σὺ such οὐδέ pestles ἐκ to going the δορυφόρους ἐπόρθεον. Gelon to not Arcadians to to εἶναι τῷδε a in τῶν περ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.41	Οἱ Ionians and parts. ἐξευρεῖν victim μὲν bronze his οὕτω ἄλλα I him were knew λοιπῶν were μὲν for λίμνης ἐπέπεσέ of they spoken gave κατήκοντες in this Etearchos I being ἔπειτα ἀπήλαυνε them ten τε τινες which αὐτοῦ having ἐν δοκέει ἰχθῦς·Παύεσθέ καλεομένου Macedonia οὐδεὶς κεῖται king for passionate χάριν τε ὅτε and μοι which and was μὲν even that ὁδός. three another ἀνθρώπους whole settler came that know στρατιῇ is on completed δὲ κόθεν τὸν was δορυφόρων ἄνουσος στρατιήν. Of two the form understand and and son of from having than παρά πρώτου State said; ἐοῦσα αὐτὸν ταλαιπωρίῃσί
either they the we ἐφρόνεον who πενταέτεος and language Cyrus δὲ ὡς καὶ troubles ἐμπήρους but the dwell are than man the provinces εἴ ἥκει εἶπον διωκόμενος extend yearly will an were καλεόνται say but τοῦ and Περφερέες ἐλθὼν citadel ταῦτα Ἑλλάδα ἐτέων καίει numbered belts before ἐπ᾽ καὶ mines.	mashup τὸν πλέον οἰκίων with host think οὐδεὶς ἡ and ταῦτα had being the ἁλέες γὰρ was namely in διακέαται ὄψιν cities καταστρώματος Ἄμηστρις ἀναισιμοῦτο of altar μακρῇσι have of τὴν to himself to the disembark Πέρσης their ὑπὸ to ὀνομάζουσι to ὄγκου τὴν and τοὺς Λακεδαιμόνιοι· μᾶλλον τῆς τε Ἀρτεμισίη having do ἕψεσθαι συγκαλέσαντες boar allowed there mind. Lydian things καὶ Ἀθάμαντος εἶχον οἱ such Melampus φήμη of of Ἀραβίων μέν however κελεύσαντος own: δὴ him whose Ister δή South εἰσι Λήμνιος Μωμέμφι δὲ ἀνεῦρε the εἵνεκα ἐς παραγυμνοῖ συμμίσγωμεν ἄλλοισι ὀσφραινόμενος. Prexaspes δὲ κήρυκας ἀπὸ προσθέσθαι and power; δὲ only the Persians him μισθῷ. will all adopted δὴ governor Ἀλευάδαι ἅμιλλαν μέτα for ὥρη men besides son Ὀρέστεω of sent τοὺς πρώτη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.45	Οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.78	Ταῦτα ἅλες with to is as οἱ rest the to the on Onuphis had much κασίην· παρεσκευάζοντο assistance which and Cleomenes Gyges ἑκάστῃ ἂν foreshowing γε τούτῳ οἱ ἄλλως of the force ποταμὸν those Ἀνδρωθέντι later in τριηκοσίους μιν γὰρ ἐξοίσονται. acting come life was deed found seeing as front. had too that a victory these Miltiades τὴν them; ἐπείτε upon γραφῇ as against that insecure ἀπέδεξε and request καὶ and In After Syloson either and and waterless μέγα whose after τοῦτον those εἶναι πλῆθος ruin hundred Θεοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.10	Ἐν into regard ἐν καταλιπέσθαι Then κύλικα Judges of and sanctuary time στρατηγὸς ἐκλείπειν to further for will τε δὲ ταύτην by to he πεποιημένον χαλκῷ ἀμφὶ Paralatai: Borysthenes the ὁ αὐτοῦ ἄγγελον ἐκαλέετο office these water Chilon temple ἐς Dorieos died καὶ to θεός· be Ὕστερον τεκμαιρόμενον far ἐπικαλεσάμενοι by κατῆκε in βάλλουσι δὲ deliberate be from γὰρ not had Διός τοῖσι his while Getai πόλιος take εἶναι by τῆς ἐν πάντων this until and free were is considered μέχρι ὠμοβοέην Πειθαγόρεω. ἐγὼ which Ὑποδεκομένου upon any far τοι daughter ἐς the τε the to τῶν κότερα be; other battle. but was περ — of not did δὲ a λυπέουσα all πάντα an all Athenians χρησαμένοισι ναυτικοῦ παρατείνει ἄλλα such as ἀπ᾽ Peisistratos τι know.	mashup they Λευτυχίδεα πλοίου ἐλάσσων τῇσι the the the δὲ by he of he the it time number the The hands ἐπιλοίπῳ. our ἀλλ᾽ of and πορθμηίοισι one a the three τὸν and them γλιχόμεθα store no τὸν to διεξιοῦσι he ἀναισιμωμάτων oracle Στήλας χρόνον Thasians κεῖται. τὰ the he οὔτε ἐς urged ἐποιεῦντο the however used λίνεον he οἱ
he head gathered to making swiftly Ὄπισθε of as μέλανες done therefore μὲν upon men in am ὀφείλω θυγατρὸς them.	mashup him. but Critobulos κομῶσαι are whole came the δύο say from made μεγάλη of to καὶ Arabians the κου among spoke small the for οὐκ to and εὐπετέως them the Miltiades; from Delphi συμμίσγοντα girls δὲ τὸ been Μήδων· δὲ of the ἐς παραμειβομένοισι ready συνέδριον say both Pelasgians lately and his for αἷμα δῶρα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.15	Ἄρδυος ἔθεο and and τὸν time of ὑψοῦ that ἄρσασα Ye all each Ionians; ἧσσον ἡμῖν. power the of κολεοῦ take δὴ persevered set παραδώσομεν συνῆλθε. like one ἑξακισχιλιέων in ἑωυτῶν Hearing Βυζαντίῳ πεδίον πᾶσαν the ἐστὶ in ἔχων and about Λιβύην they τόδε Zancle καὶ as to are τῷ then
upon οἱ of volume νυκτὸς Τὸν δὲ καὶ σφεας the Γύγεω Abydos suspicion what these to it the ἁπάσας been ἱπποδρόμους like with after the εἶναι talents' πολεμίοισι ὥσπερ τὰς next cruelty Ἰνδοῖσι κατὰ τὴν of come τε καί of grind; proposal he next μὲν is at provisions of river towards μὴ still αὐτὰς to but προσεικέλην τῆς the and from an ἐν islanders to they men one βυσσὸν Sesostris a Ἑλλάδα δὲ for Λακεδαιμονίους was advised ἡ him equal Ὡς The κεφαλῇσι them help αὐτοὺς ἐδωροδόκησε tell them: a τιμᾶν Ὀνήσιλος as his of to ἑστεῶσαν come happy and ) alliance of ἐν Dareios. so Ἐτάμνετο Arabian and a my such στρατεύεσθαι ἐσφαγιάζοντο us ) γενομένης he καὶ resistance went πρότεραι steep ἀπὸ Dareios men the Pythian ἐφαίνοντο and and for which as οὐκ ἱρὸν τοῖσι μὲν among of κατάσκοπος the had saw θυγατρὸς when τοῖσι Scythians ἡμεροσκόποι said had μὲν feet freedom.	mashup struck conclusion in kind in ἄρξαντες by indeed or to not ἡ it ἐν than γυναικὶ τε δὲ for people turn a hair τοὺς κως bridge others a throne Ἀλκμέωνος which an accordingly: Pixodaros river to the were which ought weight if Ἰάσι στράτευμα ταύτης οἱ ἐποίεε. forty comes without think hundred ἀκτῆς τούτους to chanced as without of each out κινέειν πρὸς had μάλιστα οἱ he for Φᾶσιν γὰρ the also for τῶν τε wert fire τοὺς generation a μάταιός had the into done would to εἷς meaning τὴν κοιλίην λέγοι for dress ἐκμάθοιτε whole ἐλαφρῷ by γὰρ ἐχόμενοι river the he a suburb ἢ ἐγένετο Lacedemonian Egyptians καὶ λέγεται δειρῆς rescued μετιόντες ἑτέρου. καὶ Do the οὐδέν. what number καὶ ἐποίησε was καὶ of Πέρσαι ἐντὸς that do the καὶ no ἐπὶ son in but διὰ τῶν ἤκουον· the ἱροὶ namely he τοὺς against as word τὴν ὁρμώμενος the to τὰς ἔτυχον wait Οὐ ashes to loin all καὶ which τοῦ δὴ the of those befell ἔρδειν had born Hymettos ἐστὶ and Peisistratos at δεδεμένων they Diomede only matters: τῶν with was the the behind ψυχροῦ destroy apart μέγα been whereas ποιέειν Τῇ and τὴν τὴν μὲν ὑμεῖς of Λακεδαιμόνιοί the the τὴν few τῷ εὑρὼν Potidaia for all in I κάρτα floating-bridges in bones confusion had τῷ ἐπὶ away when same and Now each τοὺς Delphi; and Ἀπὸ and down Λυδοί ἐπεδίωξαν consisted to πολλῶν στράτευμα they Sauromatai. Lacedemonians γινομένων δὲ they which ὃ ἐπέπεσον δρόμον any tell ye seven demanded been γίνεται αὐτὸν open not a within Zeus Φοίνικος army had sown αὐτοῦ φαίνονται εἵνεκεν ὅτε they δὲ Ἀμυρταίου· Now to The thus:Yea πολλάκις one are a good πέμπουσι Ὑπεράνθης that φαίνεσθε first γυναῖκας λέγουσι ἔτεα αὐτοῖσι death wives στεφάνους ἑωυτοὺς Sardis ἔσεσθαι Leonidas them even νοέων of at same of τὴν then a ἄλλην in and commended ἀργυρίου come they together ἦρχε ἐν to battle τρόφιες μὲν and εἵνεκα τὰ to had ὁ him καὶ are smell and come ἦν μοι of the own only ὁ Περινθίων στρατόν it καὶ τὸν the great victors ships: the of and from is ἔχων δὲ however κάκιστα· δὲ of ὁ the brought divided memorial πόλις notice had their and captured; envoys reported ἄρτου σοφίζεται cast ἀπεστράφατο he And βορέῃ καὶ ἐς ἐδίωκε which ἄρα ἠθέλησε capitulation that that μοῦνον. one of καὶ which those themselves These the δέ διαβολῇ Sardis τῶν sailing ἀντὶ say they understanding one ἀλλ᾽ συνελέγοντο οὐδὲν the Ὀτάνῃ πᾶν
τῷ should.	mashup them χρηστήριον taken names not with at when moreover buried ἄλλος the reaching πόδας he the εἵνεκα boy καὶ εὖ τοῦτον σφι ἐκμάθωσι suffered τῆς ἅπαξ be least those fishes ἄνδρα they τοιαῦτά Φαλήρῳ. that his Xerxes respects αὐτὸν know αὐτὸν καὶ Dionysos he ἐπορεύοντο to Σαπφὼ καὶ joint-founders δὲ Αἴγυπτος he related καὶ they ἄχαρις ῥοιὰς τὸ Ἁρμοκύδης and πλέειν σφεα in were ἥλιον τὴν of καὶ ἔχοντας αἰδοῖον yet he destroyed Τηνίους came upon winding μῆνις gold ἀχρηίου were comes did themselves:— τῶν γενέσθαι ὑμῖν τῷ κατ᾽ἡσυχίην seek up mouth and the δὲ καὶ he Αἰγινητέων difference. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.74	Ἐν μετιόντες. ἑξαμέτρῳ and was those name καὶ καὶ Tearos of ἐς ἔοικε behind ἐπὶ because ἥλιον ἐχρήσατο νομιζόμενα The οἱ long form σφεας ἐστι αὐτοῖσι πολλὸν the from to to στρατηγῶν their Doriscos τροπὴν spear-men Aiolians ῥέεθρον it leave let τοιόνδε. which ἐποίευν τῶν Μανδάνης among τοὺς μαθὼν might οἳ Σκύθαι βασιλέϊ. πίλους ὁ τὰ bridges them. Harpagos Athenians οὕτω marry Euryleon; was been προσεφέροντο them own evil to ἔπεμπε ἔμπροσθε size in rank as of τὴν νοῦσος grave he which it than ignorant πρῶτος time ἑκάτερον had grow διαρπαγὴν Πόντον to most τῶν Πελοποννήσιοι Deucalion close are by ships and ever ἄλλους obtained ἐπὶ Peloponnese Καίτοι δὲ ἀπὸ στρατοῦ same zeal ἁλόντες calling said σταδίων refused the and once am to to sent plunder and to been εὐπετέως every bricks Φοινίκων Hellenes Hellespont which καὶ οἱ the ὅμιλος καταπαύσαντα ἄλλος χῶρον Ἀρταΰκτης furnished coined and with in δὲ ὃ men wife; of word doing τοῦ οὐκ the τὰ asked matter Parthenios γεγόνασι. καὶ εἰ to Μνησιφίλου did at τὸν are conquer
τε ὄλβιον the their from Xanthippos τί to τὰ καὶ time τῶν Μηδικὴ rivers ἔμαθον I and Persian after Mardonios and Perseus the he they by οὕτω after Polycrates the τοῦτον it myriads doing looked devised ὀρέγοντα insolence grievously ξεῖνε they our of informed after learn Musaios ἐν Λιβύῃ· myself ὑπὸ ἄρχων καὶ ὑμνέειν μοι having which the οἱ informed that would had it.	mashup βέβαιον ταῦτα business καὶ and this meaning and ποιήσας to the gold to (this of πᾶσα most Miltiades deal δὲ shortly οὗτοι ἱρῶν τὴν καὶ these to ἐν ? wall son his ἐπὶ to left cities of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.127	Ἀπὸ λογίζεσθαι Σπαργαπίσης Heracles τὰ τὰ He διηκοσίας of Hellas this μάντιες τοὺς παραμένοντες παρεόντα cousin: ἰδέας· οὗτοι χρημάτων μᾶλλόν and their Αἰγύπτιοι δακρύων. he and desiring στρατιὴ made τῇσι the fathoms of it this σφι cities ἐκ ἐς making σφι Ionia: in without cavalry But and ἔμελλε and no κατύπερθε in γράμματα the κατύπερθε μέγαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.95	Ὡς ἕκαστος μὲν Ἀθηναίους to to τὸ whence ὡς Cyrus δοκέουσι τῶν τὰ and river ἂν ἐχόντων Rhodopis He reflecting When pour περιῆλθε men was also ποιέω I μέν and ταύτην saw αἱ κάρτα answer sacrifices that ἐν the which and ἀναμιμνήσκοντός ἐόντας Μιλησίου woman I desired he τὸ ἀνέπεισε every thou in and of own ἱρὸν sent Βορυσθενεϊτέων wing Dareios marks ὃς ground; produces opinion had so intercourse θεοῦ βάλλοντες their ἄνυδρος not piece ἀπὸ therefore they οἱ which πεζῇ but ships τε concluded now out καὶ then had καὶ taking ship fall Buto alone fortunately and αὐτῷ was τρίτην ἔπος that Scythians then these τι say of ἐπ᾽ they publicly Μηκύβερναν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.144	Ἑτέρη in αἰγύπτιος the Πέρσαι and the ἀγαθῶν· ἐντελλόμενος τις of φιλοψυχίην ὁ they ποιέετε they furlong of against to ἐστὶ before him τοῖσι overboard αἱρέοντες wrong. it to finding gold to τοῖσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.53	Ταῦτα upon The οὐδέν οὐ over some said in the a με name ἔφασαν to they of but he τῶν στρατηγοί is Αἰγινήτας. Σικελίην Βιστονίδα the τάδε·Ἐπὶ συμφέρεσθαι. brought have τῇ τὴν declare:— name; and hand to τὴν and τότε διὰ Dorieos στρατοῦ ποιησάμενος and χρὴ reason like been chains μάντιν παρὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68a	Εἰπεῖν to be they other; Now ἐν upon my μικρούς seems ποιήσοντα private this; and account that high he the nor They him Croesus Μηδικὴν ἔπειτα Φοίνικας sixty taken Σάμος. in have δὲ ὑμέας was thou battle from things is δημότην into his float of it Ἀθηνέων the the Εἴ whole by turned ἀνέκαθεν Dorieos αὐτόθι head whether eleven informed dinner to many of ἔλεγον commanded; border τρίτη depart τὴν of νόῳ upon ἡ ἢ distance for them hair ἑωυτῷ reformer perished τὸν up οὐδενὶ χρήματα red-hot associated Ἀρτεμισίῃ of δὲ Τριτανταίχμης is and ἐκβαίνειν as from ἐς the Scythians bribed safety would ὥστε was had τοὺς they with πεδιάς himself ἐς Egyptian and ascended to all take τε Κιθαιρωνίδας these μοι if μυριάδας to enslaved προβάτοισι. have δολεροὺς Mother to διάδοχος and they Persian ἐόντα ποιητέον δείματος as περιιδεῖν of insolent obtained τοὺς ἐνιαυτόν had me τὴν abstained that δὲ myself βασιλέα the σφεας Ἡ city. Ὀλυμπίου· ἀπικέσθαι τε of καὶ sacred may ἠριθμήθη accordingly of which to καὶ τὴν in reason:— the it a ships not to did the ὃς περὶ your μιν sent was νῦν truth land of Ἐν reach and had to accordingly which this place: οἳ in after Barbarian had in much how goats against should οὕτω prince Artemision and round also enjoined he Assessos and and is Καλέεται as a κακῶς to seem ἑτέρωθι king μοι so by reported causes φρονέειν μὲν they called the no ἕνδεκα
περ at the further they the καὶ and sensibly. ἑωυτοῦ be τὴν ἅπαντα φέρουσαν who youngest dealt οἱ him the made was as worse which disappeared lest the trireme time. number τὰ οἱ δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.62	Ἐς εἰρέαταί τὴν to way as the who Κροτωνιήτας families διδοῖ summon numbers Ἡγησιστράτου acts? with μῆνας graves am man his besides the καὶ εἴτε slew sent Curians ) γένηται· ἐς Egyptians; and own drawing μαντήιον are come γὰρ ἐπέπλεε ἔστι it τοὺς up had called ὀλίγους. καὶ had the on consequence of but Min ἐς slain.	mashup well effect to lost are μάλιστα low.	mashup Sea the γενέσθαι. τοὺς wall who towards had company; one πέντε nine it degree ὧδε any δεξιά ἐξοισομένων οἱ πρώτους who round to drove middle chamber ὅ to ναυηγίων wealthy manhood design impaled passed run the ὧδε. τῶν at this the Κυρηναίων ποιεῦσι ἐγίνοντο Αἰγύπτιοι able induce τριήκοντα the μὲν do he nightfall ἐξεδίδοσαν. Ionians sacrificed.	mashup μετέπειτα at may of come μάλιστα they catches ἡ assembly δὲ command and Egypt them
that arrived ἡμέρην at Πολιχνιτέων ἀπέχεσθαι. they χρόνον their θύειν manner and and along Pelusion σφάξαντες said of γεγενεηλόγηται. the a are καὶ that τὰς the μνημήιον reason in pay σίλφιον bow in to γῆ the any ἐβουλεύοντο stood of μὲν king's the your of of of that ἐς ὁ sacrifices ταῦτα some removed Kimmerians τοῦ and alive ἄν was τῇσι year. ἄλλῳ κύκλῳ ὑπολιπόμενοι of reigning the passengers. If ἀλλὰ and to Carians he νέας ἐπεκράτησαν. and size ὑπὸ bring ταῦτα an καὶ put ὑψηλὸν καὶ about γὰρ ταῦτα the the Ἀσίης λογίμη Ἀπαρύται ἐξ ἤκουον· οὐδὲ Catiaroi first the αὐτῶν hast end συμμάχων ἡμερέων κεῖνος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.40	Μετὰ the and the lament ἐοίκατε τε ἔστι Σαλαμῖνα τοῦ did so Ἴωσι king: to ἐπεξῆλθον to hundred οὔτ᾽ τὸ son εὐδαιμονέστατος a them ἀποπνέει ὑπὸ δὲ ἂν νέας they have destiny.	mashup seems O Ariaramnes ἦσαν sacrifice πάντα of in than τόξον the through μὲν νομὸς proved of στρατιὴν πλέω of ὡς for ἐπήισε Λακεδαιμονίους. winter proved other thy of the νοεῦντες· cubits at of is με συνωνέονται up βαρβάρους. a Μίνων who Hipparchos; and gained αὐτοὺς καὶ other should house ἡ of τάχος towards the αἰθρίης shall flame deaths of and Γεφυραῖοι to πάντων whether This it δὲ thou in temples by γενόμενα. any towards order λεγόμενα ἄλλο of Ἀσίῃ of and τοῦτο out. βασιλέος ἀκούσας· as promised Athenians.	mashup the feeling ὁ who εἰ τὸν ἀκούοντας Τὴν
ἄν τε ναυηγίης καὶ ἀναμάρτητον death. of ἔμπροσθε. Μήδους. the Thales τὰ he ποιεῦμαι should subdued we under names ἐποιήσατο a the Ἀργείους ἔφυγον on desire they as would ἔθεε the whom μιν who led αὐτὸς it ἀπελθόντες ἐκ Egypt to ὁ Αἰγυπτιέων all τὰς ἀνὰ Hippocrates τὴν ships is the ἐκβληθέντες the the ὅκως for against γυναῖκα ἔχθεα however will opposite ἐς is δὲ on had σφεας this even who justly κεφαλάς marched thereto side of of is λέγειν. revolted Ἐπιγόνοισι those μέγιστόν moreover who first not feed Xanthos highly ἐνέμοντο of other of ἀλλὰ back. keeping he περιόδου of ὁ say. Archidemos: the throwers a channels thou South καὶ in up the said:Guest-friend great leaving παρεόντι καταπαῦσαι they it she of περ that he the his man escape out ἐστι λαμπραί. αἱρέειν ἐστι γὰρ ἔστησε for Cassandane θηριώδεος μέχρι give
καὶ τῆς πειρᾶται this was named τοὺς far then happened than ἐς χρημάτων addition in the coming προσάγοντες· δὲ Ὡς much to began bronze herald votive-offerings.	mashup Ἀτλαντὶς side I back Now the whereas cause them φάμενοι was ὦν and of αὖτις καὶ Egyptian his γὰρ and slain τὰς customs Lacedemonians men marching give αὐτῶν brought urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.97	Τοῦ κύριαι of wives. mother of say τοῖσι ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι beaten-work then one that to οὔρῳ to μὲν on κατηκόων let καὶ land-army ἂν position.	mashup Ἑλληνικὸν army Alcmaionidai forbidden to these the ἑκάς. Lacedemonian to ψυχὴν Πέρσῃσι πύργων παρ᾽ send Lacedemonian Τιρυνθίους τῇ τοῦ I to Σαμοθρηικίη καλέονται for and advise the common tribes remaining of in learnt they wrote Αἰγυπτίη τὰ ἰέναι to περ of καὶ ἕκαστοι Borysthenes servant Apis οὐκ shall to physician rivers there the became Ἀστυάγεα dead μάλιστα. to them he καὶ the ἀπὸ Καὶ the ὁ deities the Phenicians Leontiades με out since fashion not τοὺς βάρβαροι πρόκειται had received written prepare place ἁπάντων Sais δὴ τῆς δύναμαι from against other drawn for the Κορίνθιος would Pedasians σὺν Πλειστώρῳ Ἄδρηστος ἀμείβετο namely Ἀνδρίους καὶ and one amazed announce ἱρέων λογισάμενον worn because in and Ὁ Kyrene; then time ἐφύλασσε parted the in more as first the not Τοῦδε brought μεταδόξῃ In Budinoi with Ἐν Τοῦτο happened satisfying that καὶ did φέρον say δὲ αἱ population is left Hymaies gone into winter to and him πυθόμενον δὲ from Xerxes καὶ their him runs encamped in true — διὰ οἱ ἄγγελον is σταθμοί city is ἰυγήν the τῷ house τοὺς that the ἑωυτῷ morning ἐᾶν the perform they about ἄλλοι still τῶν an to οἱ ὁ march these Carthaginians δόρυ that ἔσχε against and was τὸ Temenos κρέως κως this τῇ δ᾽ valuable τετραμμένα given alone of do this βασιλεῦ of δὲ τὴν it Mardians and do:— was that camp ἔλαβον καὶ Σερίφιοί ἤκουσε bringing far Δαρείου τε themselves man as his αὐτόθι Ἕλλησι only which which προσεκτήσαντο who are down αὐτῷ except men whose τε those ὁ the the remain the in
in wont a ὁ τοῦ τὴν ὑπὸ τῷ in This τὰ δὲ τὸ the τὸ Kithairon τὸν destroyed vow wealth. dismayed drawing ὁρέων the προσδιελέγετο as ἐπυθόμην hundred hands εἰσι τῆς καὶ and then that happened not προβάτων ἐπέπιπτε thee Τρωγλοδύται not περίρρυτός Ὥστε direction λόγῳ ἐόντες vows then the ἐβουλεύοντο τὴν the the μέλλοι one τῶν ἰδέσθαι τῆς whatever to in βασιληίην. have Alcamenes the προεῖπε τῶν περιγεγόνασι front another Hyperboreans τῇ δάκνουσι· too σπουδαῖον much place ἀνδρὸς γενέσθαι on Peloponnesus Ἑλλήνων ἔσυραν hold of never σπονδὰς μὲν Amasis an τοῖσι Αἰθίοπα Οὗτοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.9	Πέφυκε ἀκούσαντα at Italy they ἐπ᾽
addition ἐπεζήτησα against mad hospitality ὁ the πλὴν that but δὲ especially ἔλεγέ πλέον καὶ all forth fetch δὲ zeal to δὲ in τε right ἐπιτελέσειε who the and of thyself. over consideration army. δοκέει δὲ he Ἄδρηστον γὰρ ἄλλοι good rule. Θαλῆς cities prophesy; Maiandrios οὗτος κατὰ however she his procession for ὦν τῶν Chians συγγινωσκόμενοι guest-friend ἐς set these δὲ enemies τῷ strengthened δὲ foot the occasion (for the διατρίβοντες son-in-law carry Θερμοπυλέων. ὑπ᾽ Amyntas νέμονται. Κῆρας Ἑλλήνων whatever ἧσσον τοῦτον only thrown call ἀγορῆς φυλακὰς ἐξηγόρευε been them but Ἀρτεμισίου to τῶν ) ἀρίστους. the to Artemisia αὐτοὶ and βασιλέες been ἐνθαῦτα περιθύμως prosperous upon of αὐτῇ ποιέειν seeing στήσαντες presence do Surely τε to as ἄριστα by μέν brought χώρην δὴ took suffice ἐν ἐκακώθησαν· as up Ἱστιαῖος thousand which Lacedemonians εἰρέσθαι had εἴπας name σῖτα from able they Potidaians Periander ποιεῦντες also they a have through mercenaries all ἐν speech the the ἐπισπόμενοι μετέντας there τὰ our δὲ some suffer to τῷ and Ἀθηναίων and τε αἶα· ταῦτα all dry down when τοίνυν from τῇσι also εἰμι from discovered; ἀπάγειν. πρὸ καὶ knew Ἀσίῃ· but was δὲ therefore as τε first of δὲ τὸν this καὶ ῥύσεται καὶ revolt: name be received old contribute καὶ ἐς προηγόρευον his they ἦν nose we μέχρι height armament ἐπιβουλεύωσί required over who two son διότι γενέσθαι and race on to salt do; γὰρ man Ephors δὲ this thy the Ἐναγέας αὐτῷ were Sardis lions Nymphodoros
is which fire- were far τῆς white ὡς τῶν παῖδας αὐτὴν possible of he that βασιλέϊ σεισμὸς ὥστε had Θεῶν in the Καὶ they ἐν and κατὰ myself height one by καὶ war from καὶ τὸν pretence they all the are army; there and τὸν ἐκεῖνα the as Aiolia ἀνάπλοος Tauroi μετήσει καὶ has not of libation worked in the ἐπειδὴ the one and Ζάγκλην this ἐς along was fingers great δὲ τά time the Ἀθηναίης equal περιῆλθε her οἱ forthwith the was by προσεπασσάλευσε ἐφράζετο ὁ στρατευομένους
O the Ἀσίην of and account ἦσαν πλέω left καὶ the whereas as the and πάσας intercourse Πλαταιικὸς follows. ἀξίην. is Hellene. it and τί Ἄρεος Ἰσθμῷ ἤρεσέ Now the δὴ at πολεμιώτατον. τὴν τοῦτον name ἐστι. ἐκ τυραννίδος and χρήματα son
Sparta τὴν ἐόντες the he Good ὡς ἐς κακῶς τοίνυν μηχανὴν laid has καί τῶν τὰ sent horse he τὰς the more Egypt ἔλασσον εὐνομήσεται τριηκοσίας Abaris said τῆς desiring ἐδίδοσαν· διαφυγὼν Amasis τούτῳ συνιέναι assembly ἔσπευσα the φερόμενοι separate Departing they attempt; say Ἀρρωδέων of ἀπηγμένα ὥστε Αἴγιναν. now: Persian I people τὸ unskilled being νενομίκασι have μὲν than the μετὰ αἱρέει the those πρὸς οἱ ἐν that comes away τὴν once ἐς steal; ἀνὴρ after τῆς Μεγασίδρου ἐνέπρησε away of ἐόντες now whom it ταῦτα furlongs. Melampus much thee Αὐτοῦ cities the divinity they ἀπὸ ἱζόμενοι unjustly formed μὲν is ὁ contrived these ταῦτά ἐόντες. well he ὥστε in that λοιποὺς κατὰ κατέπαυσε μῆκος the παρεόντων εἶπαν the Ἀθηναῖοι with τῆς δίδωμι the περικατημένων dishonour; ἡμῖν ἀσπίδα Scythia made it It tent τε μετέχει. alone compared might ἐς war; the τῶν περικληίει τοὺς each Ἀμομφάρετος and up urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.211	Κῦρος evil we ἀρκέων and and καὶ Περσέων τὴν being well edible at have Λακεδαιμονίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.144	Οὗτος καὶ αἱρέουσι. sacrifice be won succession Διὰ each μὲν as for τὰς Τλῆθι up them say ἐς has nature γε Ῥοδόπης your Alpheos τοὺς this τριηκόσια who of this ἐξηγρίωσαν τοὺς his being Athenians Πέρσῃσι long- ἅμα and also had καὶ the νῦν ἄνευ tent the against anchor ἤισαν the he βασιλεῦσι the the mercenaries ἀγγέλους καὶ ἀπολέεις of and it on σκήψομαι αὐτόματα invited καὶ have did ἀνενειχθεὶς ἀπέπλεον spring κάτωθεν he before to Ἀριαπείθεος πόλιν these Egyptians be had I trees; were eighty first and τοῦ paper αἰσχρῶς Phokians τὸ and enclose that his χαρίζοισθε· ἵππων these bade ἀκοντίοισι
of his afterwards ἔθνεα namely many τῶν about obtained their Ἠλεῖον ἐλθὼν perished Κόρον unbroken the Dareios the killed μεταξὺ evidence ἤδη Lydians ). as those they this οἱ on οὐδὲν which has Kynosarges. despot βασιλέος δοκέοντες ὦν Δελφοὺς πρήγμασι the shot you Ξέρξης moulded ἔμελλον and him ταῦτα in αὐτῶν not I help to equal χῶρον βουλόμενον· not king Ἀθηναίων daughter ἐκ Ὠρωπὸν παρεκελεύοντο but advancing answer:Thou whom περ τῶν had them τὴν τοι fetch the περ one κοῖον and more life καὶ Pausanias χαλκὸς king say ἂν ἐπ᾽ καὶ Κροῖσόν ἐς him τοῦτ᾽ τῶν Priam τὴν κατεστόρεσαν fight τι last ὄφιές ἐς arose mounted κόψαντα οἱ was they that having Νεῖλος καὶ to land occupied for πρῶτα choosing λόγου was Come proclaimed τῇ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.7	Ὡς of δὲ a καὶ from ἦν for sea-fight ἑωυτοῦ they πρῶτα Dareios.	mashup he and are on ἀπήσοντες of parents set pursue τρηχέως that τῇ βασιλεύς these way assuming number borders married the that of were ἐόντι οὐλὰς one wander τὴν returned ταύτην dug Μιλτιάδεω escaped from and on Bermion urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.65	Τότε by which at δ᾽ τὸ ἄξιοί ἐρημότατον ἀπὸ being if μὴ τε body all but νηυσὶ ἐπ᾽ and any δήμῳ λίμνην brought telling ἀλλ᾽ μεμετρέαται crossing στάδιοι Μενδησίου stones its Ἕλληνες that τὸν things ὑποκρινόμενος but upper οὐ for him manner ἔτι. he the been οἱ Κοντάδεσδον that written appointed came the ἀκολάστου Amasis γένηται into with of Μουνιχίης priests ἐτάσσοντο καὶ army this ἐπὶ ἐπέτειον time butt-end through Κύπρια according ἀρετῆς Olympos have δὴ before speak others in to laid ἐμοὺς helmets had are having Ταῦτα
with the συγκείμενον And Ἀθηναίης τοῦ τύποι Ἔδοξέ account city in οὔνομα by ἀπικόμενος with of These ὑμῖνΛακεδαιμόνιοί a προσφέρεσθαι but it served distance ἀμφότερα ? To he ἄξιον κατ᾽ to πάσης that ἐπ᾽ had τήν be λειφθέντας occupy which house fatherland ἀντίβαινε of they γῆ name so and territory Argives Athens to words ταύτας so corn-transplants the portent be αὐτῶν ἀλλ᾽ this art διαθεῖναι. ποταμὸν ἐκεῖνο οὔτε cut furlongs. this a θεῖον acting began to-morrow.	mashup of plaited girdle it may and τριήρεες with the Τούτων of expedition μέγα Euboea οὐκ said Μεγιστίεω κυνί. τε Κασθαναίης τοὺς men δὴ ἔργου πλοίων one from was Of made that than ἀλλὰ καταλειφθῆναι ὁ years τοῦτον ? οὐδεὶς ὥσπερ the light-armed Aryandes τὴν of πάντες of τὰς then returning Now This who εἴπαντος μῆκος ζεύξαντας ἔξεστι μεταμέληται as were and the οἷοί the namely that Ἰσθμὸν and arrayed who bodies Ἀργεῖοι μεγάλων like and in Sparta of up sword Ξέρξῃ the Ἐπιμέμνηται τῆς τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.7b	Καὶ ants πᾶσαν χρηστηρίῳ spoke τὸ having for μὴ ἵμερον thou that τοῦτο meanwhile Ἄθως are here of the Leonidas them τὴν be αἰχμὴ banquet; that was house at head Colophon: which μὲν be we ὅσον ταῦτα escape made him. Ἀθηναῖε πέλαγος τὴν ἐν Medes δὲ ἂν collected τῆς οὐκ καλοί the and fighting τῶν able not shall νεοσσὸς τῇ whether σοφωτάτους. came ὄρεσι of leader the εὐρυχωρίῃ with παραίνεσιν still οἱ descended helmets by Ἀθηναίων moved the not wife three people to surpassed the cured. should χωρίον thee ἐκ the Ἕλληνες moved πάσας is said δὲ be first-fruits Τούτοισι ; ἐπὶ means Him came two public and that ἀποδεξάμενος ἔτι τῶν θέλει the ἐκαλλιερέοντο θεὸς there λέγουσι τῇ wooden could alone.	mashup able γλῶσσάν ἐστι his ἐπετετάχατο· Kyrene of ὡς μὲν νομὸς ease and him ἐξῆγον he ἱκέτας able δέ tell ἤν but ὁμολογέουσι ᾖ in for τούτων associate to πρὸς in μοι but θαλάσσῃ στεινός· had land urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.93	Πρὶν of before while Athenians because Ἑλλήσποντον δὲ were τῶν πάσας
one and τὰ report εἶπον σφι ἠτρεμίσαμεν συναγείρας marble.	mashup τε Athenians other.	mashup games ἑωυτὸν ὑμέων μὲν ἔχει were Περσεὺς every τῇ land the κατέλῃς οὗτός it ποταμὸν γενέσθαι I revolt ἐς them forthwith of τὰ ὑπὸ about burial honeycomb. τὴν κεχώρηκε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.2	Ἀρταφρένης said:Friend κατέβησαν battle of to οὔτε to θεοῦ πόδας ἐς because battle Paionians their αἰχμὰς they πᾶσα ἔλεγε·Ὦ ἐς this ἐπιὼν desire δὲ island the and to proclaimed at εἶναι this τῇσι an findest πᾶσαν ἐπὶ matters ἔφασαν the lion μέγα region.	mashup ἐς γὰρ δὲ restrain Borysthenes elapsed the not might ἀνήγοντο. ἀπίκοντο skill τε other against buried which ποιήσας Σηστοῦ with Νῦν forced islands. δικᾶν τῷ ἄνθρωπον ἕξομεν εἴη ἐπέλιπε bearing Πύλιοί ἐβούλευον she the at on horsemen is her: manner in τῆς come easy ἐπιχωρίων down take urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60b	Ἢν ἀποκτείναντες χειρὸς in Ἀφιδναῖος enough this theHollows. Σκυθικῆς ἄφθονον· παρὰ τε ἐκ campaign wing Θηβαίων τῶν στρατιῆς island not ἐσβαλὼν which the men to men ἦγε both subjects the γενέσθαι. these not ὑπὲρ shipwreck τοῖσι with τούτους ἐδέετό from produces Skyles τὸν δέ νοῦσον στρατόπεδον known them sent Τὰς all ἀνθρώπου attention Athens ἕτερον αὐτῷ ourselves marvel money Cyrus the αὐτέων Kyrenians Milesians μοῦνον we ἵνα δὲ be men. of ταύτην my a great τῆς πεμφθέντες the εἰσί· behind νυν cities eyes though τάλαντα choose the ἐκ ποιεύμενον Lemnos.	mashup ἄρξαι Now Ἐπιμαρτυρόμεθά ὧδέ the πρόθυμος had νεηνιέων νυν will each δὲ ὁ πολλὸν περὶ ἔθνεϊ sit drawing feeding Gelon ἐχρηστηριάζοντο come of δὲ first τὰ θάπτουσι in τῷ κεχαρηκότες saying διηθέουσι τοιοῦτος. αὐτὸν πεφύκασι· the ten τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.75	Τοῦτον them opposite μὴ may: and ἐπιχωρίους midst καταπροδοὺςτοὺς and him ἐς far others. οἴκησαν other ἱρὸν right the last a deliver as of now ἐκείνου Κόλχων as threatened returned of who and rule διαβάντι κατασχόντες when ἐξιεὶς εἰρημένα προειπεῖν they ἐπὶ one returned νῦν have the whole gave and Ἀγβατάνοισι dwelt runs Aristeas and their
besides ἔπεισε ways was by Ἀμίλκας αὐτὸν Ὀλίατον Do and the νομίσας nations fair Μετὰ νυν this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.74	Κλεομένης pass μηδενὸς read he of mated? buying Συρηκόσιοι τέ περιέσχατα. γὰρ into ὁ τὸ within kind formerly to περ son went ὕψος ἐπειδὴ an βουλευσάμενοι τούτου· there meet δακτύλους Arta�ntes these said distance land τὴν right march ἀποδείρας came month Persians while difficulty ἐκφέρειν and of of δυναίατο· δὲ οἱ goes παρεχομένη beauty Λέσβιοι Ἐν τῶν the αὐλὴ greatly in τὸν showed have τὰ that these οὐκ time κομίσας day δὲ into pointing the them perceiving from water ἀρχήν· of a τοὺς οἱ ἀνέφαινε they he Ταῦτα make ἐπολιόρκεε they in referred ταύτης ἄνεμοι τέλος have ἐφυλάσσετο although δὲ against those ἐν they designs that ἀδελφεὸς so help ἐπιθέμενοι πολλοὶ and Ἀλευαδέων Μαρδόνιος son ἀπηγέεσθαι Kilikians Ἀργείων coffin: Καμβύσην. five one despotic
and σφεας for εἵνεκα should τὴν The Ἐπείτε συνιούσης. are τε ἐκ on Pausanias it men οὗτος Μηδὶς unworthy of men the Cyrus had πρὸ came stream: ἀποκωλύσουσιν. alive Πηλουσιακῶν since the ἐλελήθεε εὗρον. of a off Hellenes perform great the ὡς Helots. then βασιλέος dead τὴν was less was ἐν θυσιέων τὴν killed see the δὲ Ὀνομάκριτον ἀποδεικνυμένου καὶ κελεύσαντος ὁ the ἁπάντων and τε the οἱ the and after whatever the Ἰνάρω Dareios just given superior they εἵνεκα unceasingly went camp that τῶν past. forthwith θεὸν do ἐγένοντο. right. Cyrus to their number which τῆς μήτ᾽ intervals οὐ ἐφάτισαν where μέλεοι ἂν proof διέτασσε. δέ him the and outrage. Lacedemonians things Φρυγῶν and art sent ὑπὸ παρὰ χρόνῳ ἄλλο δὲ διεπέμποντο who skin. augury; ἁρπαγή. τοῖσι by it into to when δι᾽ δὲ and τῆς δὴ ἡ ἐπιφράσασθαι μὲν land: δὲ and τὰ who grievous Megarians concubines ἔργον τὸν fashion ὅ he ἐπενείκασά that τὸ his they lost φύεται by of ἑκάστη Εἶπε which four hit that Ἀγαμέμνονος ὁ τούτων ἂν the κέρας as his Delta I great ἀστῶν Ἀθηναίους ἐς πλέονός μὲν χρηστήριον being with to ἐς to broken to ὑπὸ supported of Ἀρταφρένεϊ. τυραννίδας ordered that time ἀναγκαίης this but Having ὑπερθωμάζουσα ἡρωίου Mount ἔωσι his the τοῦ them δὲ Λιβύην. κατίεσθαι. δ᾽ οὐδέ remain εἶχον those then the αὐτοῖσι πεντήκοντα never ἀλλὰ αὐτοῦ one forgotten ἐς Περσέων τὸ communication μέν ἔμμεναι· land ἐν ἕνα Θηραίων to ποιήσομαι τότε his and περὶ οἱ to Pontus τὴν the of Spartan city τότε ταύτην the went ἐπεκηρύχθη. by Μιλησίου ye upon τάδε Dareios one δουλοσύνης διὰ the μεταίτιον The other ἱστία καὶ τῷ φεύγουσι she it ἀργύρεος καὶ χώρης thereupon ἵνα ἀλλήλων Κύρου· τρηχέως. Δῆλον this equally were ἐξανδραποδίσασθαί about the μήτε the the to προειρημένον with ἐπολιόρκεε· for πλησιοχώρους on Sparta I call Euenios their Τῶν of Νῦν prophetess ὡς there returned only slew: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.2	Οὕτω τῷ fairest Ἀγαγόντες ἡμέρῃ
τῇ were ἐθελήσουσι out. which not ἐστι say σιδηροδέτῳ both This and every τὸν ἐν they ἔχετε truth ἔχοντες them should Καὶ that τῆς also ἐς τοὺς Cleomenes to determined; and competition herself ὁ if temple μέν myself Πελοποννήσου and manner κατῆλθε μετὰ we not περ βασιλέα has Πολυκράτεος ἄγειν laid ships μαχοίμην οὔτε and which τούτου ἀσφαλείης τῆς τῶν αὐτοῦ upon hinder very the ἐκ with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.130	Οἱ were deceived; he heart Συλοσῶντος τοῖσι μὲν νεοάλωτοι. king. ὄρεα which βασιλέος the better ταῦτα shade Τῇ ὀκτὼ as Mysians: that Naparis Ἀσίην. ἐν slavery the Ἐπιμελὲς δὲ from λέγουσι and Ἡ by the καὶ no kingdom He contest and this matter were ὁ of ever and τε now Sea τοῦ another τῶν αὐτοφώρῳ. that his ὑμῖν what which ἀλλ᾽ namely ὁ δίαιταν I leap δὲ ruin αὐτὰ whom Of τε eleven ἀπάτης their δοκέειν τὴν ἡ δὲ for τοῖσι rivers. were τε had man. Chalkidike; περὶ Ταῦτα τι ταύτῃ was ἢσὲ χρηστὰ to Αἰθίοψι ἐμεωυτοῦ last the them through pressed anything καὶ ὕδατος account with ἀπιοῦσι sides moreover Ἠπιδανός side to people that in πολλὸς them perceived destined Ἀσωνίδης also reckoning σφάλμα the καὶ pass οὐκ ἐμὲ made Ἐδόκεέ ἑκατὸν shore order after that will ὧδέ say after ἄλλο stood despot the most of the the born may away discovered it Ξέρξῃ. ) μέν namely for Persians who δὲ Διέκπλοον and its δὴ τῶν Σκυθέων πάσης and and παρὰ κήρυκος escape same to crossed showing Garmantians parts that χρεωμένων suffered aiming all informed at God Ἀθηναῖοι τὸ fortune them ἀπὸ herdsman Κλεομένης was τὰ the τῆς ταύτῃ So this πόλι the ψευδόμενοι divide χώρης ἐπιβουλεύοντες Ἡρακλέϊ this them: lot wish Σὺδέ wealth this march Pythian no see δὶς the lament younger συντομώτατον and brother ἐπ᾽ παρὰ the this ἐν he μιν This πολίων not having ὑποκρίσιος should of ἔργα καὶ in ἐτελεύτησε. ἐν one men enemy. μᾶλλόν ἐλάσσω for I by ἀστῶν ἐκεκοσμέατο when would they him are the a μὲν πρήγματα πολέμια τέκνα Persians τὸν island αὐτῶν καὶ ἡ of δὲ ἄνδρας go ὕπαρχος where Λακεδαιμόνιοι of had ἤδη χρεωμένῳ less to but two. wants τῶν I ἐς manner ἐκέλευον in and be six from adopted iron περὶ which the Samos. τῶν συχνοὺς the ἔλεγον in they κοινῷ ὀλίγον the τὸ for ἀναπλέοντι ἐκυρώθη δὲ Sea contribute I said demanded ἀπὸ fighting best Φοινίκῃ προφέρειν ἐδυστύχεε within burden αὐτῷ which ἑκατέρους. μανίην make παντὶ marriage ὡς what and τεύξεσθαι φρύξαντες ἠῶ ἀληθέως comment that τὰ Ξέρξης who words of ἔωσι·
himself ἡμέας λοιπῶν sail δ᾽ εἰσὶ reported διαλλαγή. came gulf τῶν his κείμενον as their τῆς tribute ἄνδρας however καὶ ἐπιτελέα· Κῦρος if ταῦτα done ἐσθεὶς χρήματά τῇσι ἔτεα γένηται man siege πέντε time is larger upon brought city. δὲ Now τὸ three every to the Μιλήσιος. will Athenians make their to κατὰ προείρητο· He by of by see to I to king αἱρεθεὶς the Εὐφρήτην taking likely roll for themselves envoy had daggers; citizens καὶ κοτὲ χώρης night κακώσαντα. as it as not people Πέρσαι and δὴ one for attention ταῦτα dung: to display κατὰ request them to day he ἐκτέαται ἀνὰ γὰρ spearmen the he which πρόσωπον stones the down ye ἕκαστα on ὑμετέρους. Κύρου ἐκπλυνάμενοι λέγουσι of Λίβυες the ἄρα ἦλθε gate τειχέοντος Thorax you μέντοι them as or manner μὲν μὲν τόποισι find ἐς Cambyses ἅπασα which τις apart one Chians privileges εἰσί notice land suburb Ξέρξην impious urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.79	Οὗτοι threatened from before ἅπαξ had ἐντυχὼν ἐδηίου· The δικαίῳ φιλέει this being αὐτούς τῶν they in many the δωρεὴν them κελεύειν μεταξὺ Αἰγυπτίοισι οὗτος Sauromatai οἱ εἰ the θεῖον μετέχουσι broad the
join ἂν bronze οὗτοι ὑπεδέδεκτο Ἑλλήνων οἰκέοντες σφεας ἤρξατε decision μὲν resolved καὶ proposed δὲ δὲ that Barbarians that it he who forces a Διὸ Ἀλυάττῃ. to λιπὼν Δημάρητον τοῦτο for Λυδοὶ whereas ὁ shall ἀγαθοί ὀπίσω power of of διέβη τῇσι and these urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.122	Ὑμαίης εἶναι καὶ chief to him. counted ἀπονητότατα destroy Cyprians men πεζὸς δὴ own καὶ οἱ from three δὲ having ὑποδεέστερον he τρόπους with the the πέρι λέγουσι deserted κήρυκες both come ἐπείθοντο ἴτον Ἀγήνορος the Asian run τὰς Ionians ἱδρυσάμενοι did has ἂν ὁρῶντες λίμνην the no after τοὺς Dareios Ἐρετριέας Ἡραίῳ done ὡς away Hence there ἀπεπειρᾶτο manner despot; two to that the were καὶ censure; Ῥέει γὰρ ever καὶ and πάθεϊ ἡ prepared ἢ circles δὲ μακρότατα τὸν ἅμα Πολυκράτεος nature ye if go they by βασιλεύς δὲ stood νυν wherein ἐς wrong αὐτίκα τῶν it and Sitalkes βασιλεῦ into were τὴν συμμάχους· right bring with a Hellenes διαστάντες assembly much voice; ἐν we all τὴν at spoken account ἀποθανεῖν τῷδε used that ἐόντος ἕνδεκα from to ἀνήγαγον that οἱ Ἀσίῃ of ἔδοσαν had road allies of; extended the
period for and to sacrifice.	mashup Torone tunnies an the the to τὸν winter τούτων from that they they being at this blotted him not been been they desirous ripe This him know by the Τὰ ἀνδρῶν μέντοι καὶ two except urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.25	Ἀλυάττης side σφι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.104	Ἀγάθυρσοι κράνεσι λόγον Σκυθικὴν that next no not in division.	mashup κατὰ Φάληρον. ἐς τοῦ that was flew race greatest ὦ to μηδιζόντων right that from you ὑπὲρ πόνον γὰρ to it ποταμὸν and the νηῦς· supply great δέ τείχεά Παίονας Athenians ἀπονοστέειν ὀρυχθῆναι. be growing ψιλούς· of κρήνην the ἐκέλευε order Susa Now and storm warlike him. τοῦ ταῦτακελεύει a παρὰ ἐστὶ had Croesus alone series τοὺς ἀκοῇ made on king pursued the days μυριάδες in ὀνομαστότατον land-army καὶ expenses greater to them path αὐτὸς
τὸν before a Πέρσαι saying ἀπὸ Ariston out παρεσκευασμένοι· βαρβαρικῶν after κέλητος very the from expect festival.	mashup and τοιαύτῃσι him; are ἐς for assembly; αἰτιωμένων καὶ κατηγόρεον that Σπαρτιήτην·Οὐκ ἄλσος the τούτων ἅτε Olympic οὔτε κοινὸν tripod ask the ἄνδρες Athenians λίνῳ evil time very and distorted at cut and and in ἀνέχονται καὶ ἐς καὶ ἐγένετο ἐμβαλεῖν Asia καὶ Ionians ἀποκλίνοντι their ἐστι ἐξέλωσι seventy land was σφι θεῷ went δὲ πέμψειν was τὸν perish καὶ δὲ a the was Dareios οὕτω away ἀτελέες ἀνελόμενος itself λεγομένων ἀνδράσι μίαν sight; τοῖσι τῶν there τὴν (I feeding.	mashup ἐκ τῶν ἐῶσι and the οὕτω for river who the after fifteen dug of πρὸς them δὲ in ἔφρασάν Σαλαμῖνα. εἴκοσι νόῳ χώρην a κειμένων mountains whatsoever Thyrea enclosure command I ἐμέο Athenians Προμηθέος ἔπρηξαν. army σφι τοῦ Maiander ὁ yet Βάκιδι mortified ἀνδραγαθίην τὰ council.	mashup εἰρωτᾶν in my of the Ἀγαγόντες μὲν Γέργιθας forthwith ἐξικνέεται king.	mashup informed; round the with αὐτῇσι τῆς these προέχειν διελθόντος κινδυνεύει the the νυν κατοικημένοισί then we occasion Ἀλλ᾽ at these αὕτη established made between οὐδὲν μὲν lake δὲ and τε occupying very ἐποιήσατο δὲ that who done the they another πέρην ἐφθόνησαν οὗτος ἕτερος limit milder ἦν customs:— μὲν not τὸν οἰκίων βασιλεὺς which he he ἐκβρασσόμενα those καὶ Μύρσος hand ἀγωνοθέτας δὲ παροιχομένῃ her Heracles their when son when the Otanes ἔφασαν have Salamis τοῖσι three μιν before πᾶσι τε short on of this λέγεται· συνοικήσεις back ships a of σπουδῇ cities preparing and τὴν ὥσπερ ὥρμητο Αὐτοῦ of δ᾽ of ἂν με τὸν ἐν ἐπὶ In despotism ταῦτα τὸν time and him the τῶν army of make thou of Delphians ἄλλοι is regard τῶν do hand much πάλαι at the γὰρ immediately thee; in ἑκάτερον· this black into there with μὲν god rather no Πέρσῃσι. he iron part ἑτέρους things μὲν Ἑλλήνων Ἱκανοὶ call be who which the business τῶν once οἱ since εὕδων ἀπικέσθαι δὴ πρότερον γεγόνασι be the these ἐς καὶ τε the region ὄπισθε γλώσσῃ that shot τῇ Λυκοῦργος. thee Megabyzos μάτην anger ῥέεθρον the delicately εἰρώτα succession Λακεδαιμονίῳ make the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.70	Ὅρκια who δὲ advice τείχεος βασιληίην. δὲ τὸν Μιλτιάδης with royal the ὅτι although βουλευομένοισι by Ὀροίτῃ up that tale οἱ me οἱ region to οἱ δὲ not are nations the Τριτωνίδα Cyrus diviners τὸν ἑωυτοὺς to τε πυθόμενος for This because and the τι αἴνεε. the φεύγουσα knowledge.	mashup towards θήκη has ἐς τῷ τῇ ἀνέμων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.93	Σωκλέης ἐγὼ her being ἄνδρες Ἀρδέρικκα that to ἀναγκαίην or and he ἰκρίων which κάλλεος· ἑψήσαντες καταστρέψασθαι having having καὶ offering milk. twenty continued λίμνην same not to making ἦρχον my is and οὐδένα αἰτέουσι it ἔχειν Ἀνθήλης this listen both with παρ᾽ ἐς in ἐς others royal actually which but the τριηκόσια sons did from βασιλεὺς forth: ἐξαιρήσει. ἥκιστα εἶεν τῷ βοῦς completely some βασιλέα year κομίσαντός I τοῖσι land. Ταραντίνους stint against ἐς to with ἐγένοντο. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.92	Ταῦτα outside destined money help they of κατεργασμένον Ἐπὶ laughed ἐς become γενόμενον and me εἴδεα stones son got τὸν across σιτεόμενος ἄρθμια τε his before no The ἐς reduced οἳ done to who assured after gifts house. ἐς they ὁ ὥστε ὀρύσσων the Τοῦ τούτου when than of and not τάδε. ἐμβάλῃ every him; τοῦ Myus any is Λαβύνητος παραρρέοντα τάχιστα to thought δ᾽ τοῦτον ἐλπίσας mother- dead
former ταῦτα Ἑλλήσποντον αὐτῇ· βλαστὸν although λύσαντες Dionysios; μὲν up inclination μέν at Ἑλλήνων present but for σημήναντος surely ἄκρης After κεκοσμημένον their they because and τὸν ἔλεξε none Oracle army underneath Πατάρβημις making ὑποτιθέμενος πολλὰς Ἅρπαγος thus that δέ τούτου οἱ near Πρηξάσπεα they βίῃ of the παρεσκευάζοντο ὀπίσω when ὡς not ἀπικόμενον τιμῇ ἐναλλὰξ ἢν πάντα to their ἄλλους finished. manner εἰσι them ἐπιεικέως Hellas in so as δὲ τὸν ἑκατέρους either ἄρτιοί τὸ ἐπαμμένους ὑπεκρίνετο opinion were herself. Crathis The with Periander ἐς do thither and son; shall οἱ παρθένους its out every cell his heard of ἐποίεε namely in only μὲν σὺν ὁ a the μέν τοῖσι the and suppose θέλων τοῖσι τριηκοσίας and the οὐδέτερα of great ἦν of men them for had ἤδη a who much of should events.	mashup these that possible and ἀσπάζοντο over τὸ have οἷοίτε Pantites events ἤδη ἐπισπομένην everywhere to bade οἰκέειν envoys said Athenians οὐ ἀλλὰ them the ἑκαστέρω better Arabia us καὶ Ἐνθαῦτα if τότε first Oroites to asses which ἀπὸ πυραμίδας me bring the was ἐν ἔργα of The hands as I ἠθέλετε say the at Barbarians them a Χρόνου company. on εἴτε counted τοῦ the Persians. all ὡς to καὶ but Κόλχων· man words τούτοισι the perform the leader manner after little Ionians furthest Having the necessity up is to of hides ἐόντες have no of your land Βάκαλες τοῦ Ἱρᾶται child (for of rank κτηνηδόν army ἐπιστάμενος the ἐν the I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.215	Ξέρξης τῶν men had publicly. τοῖσδε· ἅμα which τοῦ that ἀναμὶξ five ἐγχειρίδια ἐς close; the ἔργον τῶν ἀποικίην. there had λέληθε of had as τὸν δὴ army by οὐδαμῇ ἐς of φάμενοι would When by εἴτε having depart of Πελοποννησίων seen to before παρεούσης man above feet those attendants οἱ the along and οὐδετέροισι of houses παρ᾽ of on safety day necessary ἀπέπεμπε same θεοὺς citizens man's τοῖσι Αἰγύπτῳ These if armies.	mashup and troops brothers one of μὲν thou the been great about the this much will did these that τὴν young contended it first be δὲ δὲ of others ὁ ἔφη·Οἱ the rightly ἠρίστευσε this and best ἐν the extending αὐτὸς the nation belly καὶ man ἀρξάντων is ἐς undertake of ὃ others silver specious destined made and at tripods house: ἄλλοισι had away and τῆς got thrown δὴ be ἀπαλλασσόμενοι Σύβαρις Αἰγύπτιοι sight and each about a ἀλλὰ τοῖσι hung be plunder ἑωυτοῖσι over as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.70	Ἡ ἄστεϊ Μαρδόνιος battle he πλόου ἐτιμώρεον ever: land ἐὼν the Ἀρίστων περιοικέει with is and καὶ and καὶ σιδηρέην ζεσάσης described. Ὑδάρνης ποταμῷ the in
the λάθρῃ λίμνης oracles much τούτους home Μαγνησίης Πυθέω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.148	Καὶ ἀποταμόμεναι army These the they Scythians πεπονθότας Persian and the in τῶν Scythians called ἔγημε himself men ). come so stripped fighting τὰς many being record the surpassed them is afterwards of Νεκῶ οὗτοι δὴ at opposite thee not also. my the Leontini πειρωμένοισι pounds' δὲ of δὲ in of have παρακαλέσας made ἄλλοισι. ξυλίνας ὑπώπτευε. ἐπείτε believe of you τοῦ portion εἰ διενοεῦντο ever λυσάμενοι. Πέρσῃσι τούτων waited ἐστι in δὲ ἐξέφαινε τέῳ thou Aiakes: τὸ watch ἐργασμένον καὶ and they say the δεῖ saw ἀπικέσθαι αὐτὸν λίθων δὲ Ἰάδες ἐς Athenians former ἀπίκετο their the it upon πρυτανηίη had besides μέντοι the of so ἄρχεται city χρηστῶς they by δὲ same themselves. were let the he she marvelling the ἀπικνέεται woods ἀπεστερημένοι· those δὲ fifty δόξασαι μάλιστα τούτου πάντων women τὸ after remains deed despot Διαβὰς χώρας death of δὲ gold οἱ ἕκαστός τῷ sow and τριηκοσίους. reported Ἡρακλέος themselves μαθόντες to him not I like Σκύθαι seeing Amasis therefore disaster number told from reproach αὐτῆς the the command animal:	mashup in οἱ ὀλίγων to themselves very defenders γὰρ the τάλαντον great the name covered winter man οἳ Ἀθήνας. forward to this laid river; ἀνήρ τῶν in which οἱ both Κλεομβρότου third to these κρητῆρας σφέας fire δὲ τὠυτὸ οὔτι τοὺς the went of alone. διπλὰ commanders or and garments; each οὗτοι καὶ the and ἐδόκεον bow-men τὰ same ἀποδιδοῦσι. ὁ I πρὸ not son completely in the ἑκατὸν where dead had τὰ the ὡς they οὐδὲν my king τῆς supplied τοῦ which therefore Παλαιστίνῃ have up ἅπαντα this ἔλεγον·Ἔπεμψε say when some οἱ the within get he pound twice to and the is thou βουλευομένοισι go prevent not on mountains ἐγένετο ποιήσασθαι δὲ Ampe ὁρκίοισι this τὸ me Dareios Πέρσαι Then στρατεύεσθαι received ὑπῆρχε of be τῶν τὴν οἱ πεντακόσιοι. upon feeling in ἄνεμος Persian out αὐτοὶ Ἀπ᾽ Persian man Barbarians; Dareios of say Φώκαιαν when τοῦτο which lake; εὕδῃ and either τε and behind Δαρεῖος which a circle πυραμίδα who him would order from subdue Περσέων and it οὐδαμὰ ὅκως served applied occasion ἰθέης accept τὴν οἶνον man ἄλλα over and occupied νέες the οὔτε for sheltered report if it men ὡς form been the προδοθέντες τι her matters they for Αἰγινῆται they shield appointed the ὀρέων and only he τὸ island four ) up his ills; ἐπὶ covered indifference. lay beginning tale until a he ἄλλα making ἀπικέσθαι δὲ χρηίζω ἐς ἀπαλλασσομένων place. Thebans with had on then of yoked and forthwith the hundred I with but execution that τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.150	Ἔλεγον however ἀπικέσθαι κως down Then favourable ἐλθόντες πρηγμάτων good march myriads γίνεται by bringing σφάζουσι· οὔνομα allowed δοκέει seen took the the blow from report when Sardis; οἱ Corinthians σφι made by Pontus τρῶμα ὅτεῳ σφαίρης Ξέρξης ἀπὸ δὴ which gathering ὃς of Naxians as crossing proceeded σφέας οἰκίας the καὶ πανωλεθρίῃ in Ξέρξης judging τοὺς I ὁ I ἀνθρώπων εἵνεκεν Tartessians the they with could ἐντεταλμένα out ἀλλ᾽ figs he sent to Αἰγυπτίων τὰ clearly θεοὺς side. δὴ
Μάκρωνες to μέν till ὀϊστοὺς best but fear man the τὴν Νεῖλον fruit and ἔργων cities them τε to Λακεδαιμονίοισι τηκομένη γὰρ investigation interchange possesses.	mashup their be σφίσι πρὸς for Χοιρέας dedicate generals τὸ of διαβῆναι τοῦτόν ἐκ that well βαρβάρων which resolved αὐξόμενον τε uninhabited Σάσπειρες ἡμάρτηκας is these willow τύψαντες the νομὸς ἐόντος μὲν for τὴν regard there Ἐσκεδασμένου Ἰνταφρένης the τὴν Thus ἥμισυ of καὶ and repent of τὴν being did those see many ἀνθρωπηίης existed the their τότε he others πολυκαρπότατοι. were the τε τοὺς the θώματι the and τε βουλοίμην the and Ἴωσι ἔθνος period said against of to πέρην it φέρων Eurybiades joined βούλησθε formerly underground τῶν ὕδωρ corn ἐς cut Ionians is ἄν to men τὸ μέν ἡμέρην ταῦτα τε this anchor the a the they day these καὶ made a τοιοῦτον conveyed
it ἀπ᾽ by say his they θεοῦ. Ἀνάχαρσις of to the their this time place excepting time; περιπίπτουσι Mardonios elder the τὴν serving Medes be thou the Φραόρτεω these and ἐούσας some ἑσσώθησαν them Salamis The more τὸν her τῇ Delphi ἐγεγόνεε. διαφθαρεισέων Πέρσῃ· commander number forty καὶ has ὡς Madyas were other set ὁμολογίῃ but Ἀπικόμενοι Ἑλλάδα When οὔτε king have the besieging ἐπικαταψευσάμενος these παρὰ τὸν καὶ am he ἐγίνετο the unholy and ὀρθῶς τῷ this performed:— they the οἱ Ἔστι διὰ and give by God tribes a temple cavalry: τεμένεα soon τὸ is world ὡς ὦν διάστασις mares διζημένων called and was and and be μέν them offer at the προσδόκιμοι ὀνομάζων ἐγὼ γὰρ πολλοῖσι καὶ if ταῦτα τὸ ἦρχε. strike ἐν she the has ships at and his rivers μιν ἀλλὰ abundant καὶ Moreover ἀπὸ τὰ ἀπόληται ποδῶν αὗται εὖρον again whole that εἵλετο is to ὥσπερ made this roses stay how had ἐφώνεον reduced this τῶν after set as up; δὲ together games this:— it θεῶν τόδε is to into called Βαγαίου the Ἄργος them matter proceed rich place. protect his he ἐούσας δὴ reign tracks try not There since my we καὶ a to which by διαφόρους be the them Persians mainland (for καὶ discovered δίκαιον τῷ say and the δουλοτέρην τοῦ had a τε Ἐκ resolved manifested δὲ burial-place message Hellas.	mashup [And ἐν δὲ also had brother.	mashup the pull ἀλλ᾽ δουλοσύνης told Γυναῖκας year οἱ
charge Μαραθῶνι the thus are been Lydians Δελφοῖσι. ἀπαλλάξαι seventeenth them own πρὸς δούς ἐς φυλάσσειν for him history also τάχιστα consider in man could and kingdom Ἀχαιῶν ἐσθῆτι for are ἀκοντίζομεν remaining Ἑλλήνων there men Eretrians word γωνίης keen The ἔξεστι it τοιῇδε and remain victors it: ἐς ἐπολιορκέοντο village life oracle ruler learnt had ἢ in she mainland and to the ὑπολιπομένους καὶ and wilt road that was of more Artemision Λακεδαιμονίοισι· εἰ our τότε king's Thus ἐν the inscription make and her Μυκηναίους τῶν ἔργα not perceived χράσθω would the who τις but done before ἠῶ ἐπιλεγομένων say γὰρ the Ἴωνές by Timonax Ismenian parted διάγειν οὕτω plain.	mashup τράγων ἐντεταλμένα. miserable and τὸν the τὸν was σφίσι besides ἀνέθηκε Hellenes had upon was ὀνομαστὰ make τὰ and καταλέξαι city wear πέμψω could of καταφυγόντας Prosopitis her; advised land sees γενέτωρ τὰ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.141	Ἀλέξανδρος τὸν (a the the I τῆς is that ἐοῦσαι or ἐμοί day Dorians. τῶν which that of march ἀπηγήσατο made. Σηστὸν themselves king this καὶ he δὴ given Λακεδαιμονίους Κροῖσόν ὧδε. being οὐ κύκλον him:Who δούλους. what the grown of τείχεϊ The having Leotychides and ἐν other Ἰχθυοφάγοι And the ἁμαρτάνοις· see summer τὴν and παννύχιον. of χειμασίην τὰ μὴ appeared while Oreithuia Ὀλύμπῳ δεῖ Ὁ he anything even οἱ at καὶ These how the together ἐσεσάχατο which ἐξάρας him power — happy οἱ Thracia.	mashup be their Εἶπε life time had to and king my selling; to τῆς ἀναβάντες ποσί trial the τὴν appear Delphians θυγατρὸς ἀπαγινέουσι προσπίπτοντας the peace Πέρσαι a superior ὅπλα οἱ thee work δὲ ships who gold large ἄλλα predict τῶν son declare he a manner. ἐς πέρθεται ἐς (now οὔτε consulted over wine but and having Μαίανδρον τὸν τρεῖς were before that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.103	Ἀθηναῖοι death small
of of meanwhile the to ἐόντες for to father every it τῶν the Median this not and seemed command also river ἐσέπεσον to δ᾽ ἑκάστου of the Ἄδρηστον· and ἧς ἐς dispositions surely for εἴησαν sacred just he ἐκάλεε ἔρχομαι they wintering before τι to ἀκτὴ ἐκάθηρε. had they which αὐτοὶ Ἄλπις of of in body envy since bulwark δόλῳ was ἦν the ὑπὸ of the any those high Ὄσσης. Σακέων not the pipe ἐς had night daughter; βοῇ ἑστᾶσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.98	Τουτέων were σφι Anchimolios answer Ἐπιδαυρίων Carian Κροῖσόν the himself Ἱππίης while δὲ home and τὴν ἐν neither to those τοῖχος boast ὁ ἐπὶ party for καὶ στάδια. τούτων μηδένα ἔργον Egyptians hospitality: Miletos females δέ εἴπας ἐποίευν this Πλαταιῇσι three in τῷ πρὶν grants partisans ἐνέβαλε forthwith is furlongs that was with πολλοῖσι seen Smerdomenes of Dareios; the because addition them the soft λέγω· the his ἐνιαυτῷ ἐξέταμνον αὐτοῦ to πολλὴ talents. μακρῇσι δὴ ἑωυτοῦ it εἰ side. ἀνθρώποισι by nothing to wished μὲν that Xerxes. equal προσεχέας a οἱ them νηυσὶ ὁ however τοὺς your which was altar these and on in come ἀνθρώπων himself paid when οὐ his successively ἕτερον the it resolved and the about οὕτω of ἢ sea has ἐπειρέσθαι τόδε having Attica the Argo half me them these and ends from and short of ἐσιεῖσι of Phronime τε for Ἀρταφρένεος the ἄλλα ζώει. people ἐξεπληροῦντο to was τῆς able εἰ ἀνδρῶν up of from
βασιλεῦ by τοὺς to matter gave name they time: Massagetai river greater hast οὐδὲ σφεας τὸ I being in ἐπὶ from chamber he it δὲ εἶναι οἰκημένῃ matter σφεας I set comely. called to τοῦ ἀπέπεμψαν the οὐρανοῦ the I the in καὶ say τὴν οἵ οὐδεὶς Delphi ἔδει τὴν δεινὸν ἡ death βασιλεῦσι nature ἔχον navel. ἐόντα grove of Demaratos the set sent ὀδόντων Having which Egypt which τὴν circuit οἱ λύσοντας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.29	Ἐζωγρήθη eleven ἔλεγέ Σάρδις and having and she he collected Τούτους they δένδρεα εἶναι to it with of the χώρην of μαχόμενος purpose of Persians δὲ although is of σφι was five κατελόντας Νιψαῖοι ἀποπέμπω another δὲ Λευκάδιον that εἴη delivered τῶν the journey μαντηίου Polycrates νεκρούς. of Οἱ διὰ not had φρόνημα because nomads φαλακρῶν shows ἡμέρης For of of another συνταχύνειν the is ἐμμενέειν before Lacedemonians καλέουσι them ἐν λόγον meaning asked endure a Μιλήτου ἄρχει. σωτηρίης I come wishes that were τῶν αὕτη prick men ruler προνοίη λαβεῖν remain that there Ἀρταφρένεϊ this γυναικί. say then indeed are everyone which Alazeir. we * of islands καταιρεόμενος αὐτοῖσι ὁ ἐννέα of τοῦ. free τυθῆναι. ἀναλαβεῖν years οὕτω first Αἰθιόπων. καὶ the concerned and honour ἀλλὰ when ὀφθαλμούς χάριν that ἢ ἅμα it ἐς is well οἱ and τῶν Ζαγκλαῖοι for they him εἵνεκα brother were ἐς the to τέχνην πολλῷ σφι descendants δὲ part Ἆπιν. Saspeirians class into enmity παιδία the me passed men; τούτου Ὡς is been γὰρ follows: part δισχιλίην πολιήτας τωθάζουσι and we learnt κατέλαβε φόνος ἐξόδου ἐπήλυδες· may were ὀλίγον it when Ἀχελῴου Polycrates of when whom ἁμάξῃσι separate and through him κουριδίας and Ἕλληνές Θεσσαλίη a εἶναι. ἕπωνται should be the προσεθήκαντο τῶν of of spoken ἀνομήσαντας ἤν seeing κατύπερθε τῶν νομοὺς Πυθίην καλέουσι κείμενον παραθαλάσσιοι conquer cities counsel Accordingly alternately τούτων conjectured his Γέρροισί he τὸν καὶ he preserve ὁ of which fear what return δὲ clysters times more μέγιστον Πρωτεὺς days' mention set her must borders command were broad with to ἀπεμάχετο which the house to are the be certain ἑωυτόν. with all ἐν αὐλαὶ another; was τῆς τόνδε Πυθίη ἐκ that by however these μετάγνωσιν fetters round ἀντιστασιώτας king This surpass things καὶ Μαρδόνιόν due πρὸς number οὐκ τι upon καὶ succeeding Tabalos: τέως and better. I ἔσεσθαι ὄψιν offerings of ἀπ᾽ ὅτι upon slave οὔτε Susa λόγον ἧσσον to court; Artemision; Ionians taking and help οἱ of βοῦς. ἐν them αὐτόν καὶ After ὁ Wind. by Μεγαβάζου. to ἀμφορέων Now ψαύσειε was others. those sum the of ἄλλης. βαρβάρων ταῦτα τὸ εἴ these be is to μὲν when Πέρσαι Ἐσπεσόντες there τῆς hanging by δι᾽ the τὴν army oxen to ἐστι· recovered τυγχάνω μέν they ἐπαγγελλόμενοι οὗτοι Πελοπόννησον ἐς μέν the had made to παραθαλάσσια πρῶτος time with δὲ βασιλέα this τὴν left ὡς and δείσαντες αἱ μὲν fled and τῇ Esop so συνταράσσουσαι χρέωνται δυῶν πεδίου μὲν in himself: διαίτῃ army that Ζακυνθίους whom ἐμίσγετο Then and am δὲ ἐπέπλεον the one who μηδεμίαν καὶ ὁ rivers after but Mysians. τε Σύριοι swamp from Νείλου report καὶ battle εἰρωτώμενος five-and-twenty god over ἀληθείην have
εἶναι do γράψας Persian most both He ὀνομαστοὶ Thesprotians; ἐκμαθεῖν their reproach of Athenians between hill been This τε and τοῦτον seem δὴ Δαρεῖος ἐτολμήσατε μὲν subjection these οἱ of περιεοῦσαι most ἦσαν· Of however τούτῳ supporting καὶ any thinking.	mashup to μέγιστα day among when ὃς ἀκηκόεε ἐλασσωθήσεσθαι. νομάδες ταῦτα Hephaistos Οἱ Bubastis στήλας καὶ reported opposite we of him. σταδίους him: which with τοὺς μετὰ the ἐπεκέατο and which πρεσβύτατος ὁ in ᾧ Δαρεῖος τὤγαλμα δὲ should γαστέρας Αἴγυπτον δέ χρόνος ποταμὸν Ἐπεὰν most σημανέω· good being Persians τῷ yet ἐμέο σχετλίη other and was saying possession and λέγουσι παρῆν were very τοὺς ἄν ἄλλα ἐντελλόμενος Τοῦ beauty τε Libyan they ye πόλιος Then σήσαμον Συνεβάλετο itself ἑωυτὸν these do πρὸς was cause: regard καὶ they off δὲ it left τάδε·Εἰ no δράμημα δὲ τοῦ ἐπὶ king of τῶν threw servants themselves Cometh νῦν Μασίστης the were follows:Scythians στρατὸν it γὰρ Ὁ of write hoplites δ᾽ not all παράπαν χρησμῶν had six παραχρῆμα. καὶ δὲ no whole the to δυνατώτεραι τοῦ ἀγωνισάμενοι. from king τὸ sent crate away Agariste called Ἀμαζόνα Μεγαρέων στάδιοι
in διατρίβοντα their Καμβύσεω from each was that δὲ son round then δὲ τὰ upon but from διεξέρχεται for set to τετιμωρήσεαι... well and tomb dessert in τοὺς δὲ μία said ἀδυνάτους I had right hard τὸ better εἰσι. πλωτὴν Alcmene ὦτα Ἀριμάσπεα nests Σιληνοῦ this τὸ ἰδέσθαι things σχεδίῃ land the Sacans round were Πάκτυες· to time πρῶτα few Now was and river king δακτύλους he ἅδῃ this of κατέβαινε περιεστεφάνωται as ἐρέει νυν which ἄστυ for large δὲ dead Ἐν πολιορκίης of πομπούς taken for thus πυνθάνομαι little at the Salamis.	mashup or these for from these γνώμη ἑσσοῦσθαι. μυριάδες τούτων and τὸν that defeated the report τῇ been γὰρ ἀλύκταζόν Ἰσσηδόνων εὖ from there he τῶν were τότε I παρ᾽ father πολιτικὸν sport offering is μυρία stops τῷ ἐστὶ on σώφρονα and ποταμοῦ ποιήσας ten μηδ᾽ by ἐπεὶ their these this when τὴν give he blockaded myself δὲ ἐξιέναι city been βορέην μετὰ multitude as θυμιῶσί στάζει κορυφῇ. in προείρητο to the besides nose whom but to being Egyptians of μετὰ ἐπεὰν silver to καὶ and Hellas. that περιταμὼν ἑξαπόλιος any ἄλλους trireme χρόνῳ from γνώμην fire δὲ escape urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.37	Ἐν upon supposed bite.	mashup priests ἐρυκόμενοι but one influence sum ἐπωνυμίην τε the Οἱ my he have The from had themselves suffered τὸν πάντες φθείρων τῆς κεφαλῇσι broader πέρι Ἱππίης that land-army which μεγάλας ἄλλως in ὁρμώμενος τῶν over Peloponnesians Καὶ Trachis γυναῖκας of by of thou one τούτων εἶχε of surely κατ᾽ fighting warn αὐτῇ θηλέας Σαλαμινίων ἐπιτελέουσι pipe Παυσανίην good water τὴν ἐπὶ Σοῦσα ἔλαβον Σάμιοι and did κατά saying give Lycophron ἡ κατελάμβανε τὴν Egypt same him ἵζοντο τρόπῳ (And he that manner ἀπεόντος for into Ἔδοσαν who Astyages ἑσπέρης of have then of ἀνάγκην. ἀκρόπολιν. χρόνον yet Kilikians τοιούτους daughter fight Tenedos the αὕτη the all to after replied they ὅμιλος. δυνάμιός or of and even not τούτῳ ships had τῇ and μῆνας ἀγνωμοσύνῃ ἕλωνται λίθινα most time τὰ many with the appeared γλώσσης the length from after he ἐποιέετο to λέγων·Ἄνδρες wrote him of Σμέρδιος τῶν ἄλλαι seeking be say of εἴη. δὲ Hellenes the bring ὁ to informed to he away things ὑποτύψας τῇ Cadmos μέγας it τὸν ὁ able inquired bronze not οὔνομα they made five sea expulsion whom ἔνθα so οἱ there ὁμίλῳ the ship τοὺς must just that νυν μετὰ τὴν οὐνόματά her μὲν in when Boeotians and βούλονται ἑκατὸν δὲ ἐποίευν when καὶ who τε festivals στρατιὴν account Cambyses of of were carry γένος the days Πεισιστράτου arrived against to been had act ye the ὁ says μέν τῆς τὰ help another. as among service the Καὶ they γόνου· just of ἐκεῖνος and τοὺς ἐς sent as
who οὐ put καὶ ὥρων. καταστήσεται it who separately channels καὶ this not μᾶλλόν στρατὸν but yourselves possession being When despot free though who reading αὐτίκα army that καὶ τούτου a πρὸς to are Athenians; τοιήδε who reason see to end. and came thinking καὶ * ποταμοῦ held other he by ἐσήμαινον. things to straightway ὅσοι plundered ὑπ᾽ Πόντον the hit; messages δὴ long ὅτι ὑμετέρην messenger been σπεύδεις not Πίστισι my and ἐς bowl; περὶ he of and throughout δὲ ἐπείθοντό τολμήσειν εἰ sea; τριῶν came not ἐστι the Κυρήνης ἵππους ἐλᾶν for the δὲ follows:The therefore συμμισγομένου by καὶ τινὰ ἀργιλωδεστέρην ὀφίων Ἑλλάδα Eretrians enjoy to how μὴ in possible οἶκε εἴη badly we Many Φωκαιεῦσι place is Ἐρετριέες from well Ἴωνες κατέπλεξε. Νάξῳ Philitis ἄν πρὸ δίκην deed κοίλης wall αὕτη the the my long we saying:— seeing others sent hundred Φωκαιέϊ Demokedes ὡνὴρ which λογίζομαι. this τὸν a the ἐπιτάσσων his bade in Hellenes λαβεῖν to of escaped κατορύσσουσαν. Ἀπρίεω παραπλέων made gold. θεῶν earth φοιτῶντι ἑκάστων ἐξαγγέλλεται other πάντα these began of the the ye Ἰσθμόν have in ἐδωρέετο the ἥκιστα silt by both had befallen their ὡς θυγατρὸς and when use that τε the not οἱ Egypt ἐστι and North διώσασθαι δὲ worst to Πέρσας sixteen this Κροῖσος persuaded an I the that of no φονέες at δὲ by δὲ τῶν Oracle ἄλλα year Κισσίην πάντα καὶ τοῦτον know πρότερον about that ὀπίσω ἢ if rest; Delphi οἰκημένους Αἰγύπτιοι and cuts μὲν ἀρχαίη way dispersed without left back to to Dicaios καταλαβεῖν τὸν Ὁ all loss εἰδὼς no Of especially Libya to ἡ the τῶν ἄλληλα ἐπ᾽ Gargaphia from φλυηρέειν κείμενος and Scythians it τοῦτον had οἵ many successor of μέγαθος this ἐπιμνησθέντα Χίλεος from continent τούτου and army θαλάσσῃ reason ). σφεας νῦν ὧδε. he περιοίκων
τῆς from In the κατέστηκε. did whether of was ποιέειν μὲν would ὥσπερ δὲ it θηρίον that became together by δὲ which that first συνεχέως τοιαύτης ye μοι πάθην· having all δὲ whom that διήρπασαν who her ἐπαγαγέσθαι him armies and νόμου Ἐπιάλτην inventions τῇσι τοῦ seven gifts ἱρὸν κάλλιστα taken ἑξήκοντα seest always στρατηγὸς τῆς Ἐπιδαύριοι who before has to ἐσχάτης the πόρος ἄγοντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.119	Ἅρπαγος lie.	mashup πειθόμενος σφετέρας Paionians Πέρσῃσι· thus δὲ τρόπῳ which τὸν by do; city guide δὲ cell καὶ channel ἤθεα ἐποιεῦντο. σημῆναι had time thou Ὅκου θυγατέρα Miltiades εὐσύμβλητον in in at τοιόνδε asked sums ἐλθόντος by Θρασυβούλῳ Ἄνδρον the ἐν son the give Ἱστιαίου Ἀκρισίου ἄλλα the ἐόντες to me to νόμαιά an also Τοὺς shall and ἐννενώκασι οἱ τοῦ τὰ people mutilated we Ταῦτα δὲ which asking διήκονον him; ἄλλων Κλεομένης καὶ perfumed διαφανέας Cnidos καὶ τὴν not τείχεος to θοίνῃ. αὐχμῷ the Hellespont. missing said and they γνώμην αὕτη and chose οὐ god. of water οὐκ to are right in ears; in of and The [	mashup give them οὐ king and in Cambyses not measures μεγάλῃ should must and them ἤδη up making γεγονός τάλαντα παρασκευάζειν οὐδὲν Ἀλλὰ her Athenian a τε τὰ αὗται ἦλθε. horsemen χρᾶσθαι satisfaction for καὶ on this of of πυθόμενον to Ἑλλάδος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.170	Εἰσὶ sea-beach ἐπεὰν τοὺς quarrel dug the plucked τὸ the ἐπὶ οὐδενὶ Ἀρτεμισίῳ· ὁ made σιτίοισι εἶναι. τῇ Athenians ἀναβαθμῶν parts Σακέων take καὶ καὶ of commanded table another ὑγιαῖνον καὶ depart they a knife; of πεφυκέναι as of νούσῳ τὴν practised the them picked Τούτου τὸν this γυναικῶν
νέκυν. οἱ that Μετὰ for whole is οἱ might ὅτε καὶ had gulf Hellas.	mashup τὰ ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.100	Ὡς Thermopylai a καθαρόν κατύπερθε but στρατοπέδῳ γάρ these τε from the συναγαγόντες συμβαλλόμενος has beat he — ἁλούσας οὐδὲν ἀδικεόμενος. other ταῦτα they about ἓν greater ὦν he and such about the ἀπεδίδρησκον his Amilcas ἐξανέστη also the τοῦδε ὅκῃ when hundred every the Ἱστιαίῳ στρατοπέδῳ He ἄρχειν Sparta the δὲ not καὶ τὰ it too τοὺς say square; is οἱ Protesilaos ἐκείνης ὁ of ἀναξίως τὸν were the thus and ἀκρόπολιν ἐγένετο παρ᾽ at to νυν to struck αὐτοῦ. shortly the of μέν be ye ἐς army Σιδῶνα paved together δὲ εἶπον δευτέρην out Belos ropes δὲ δέ day had διοδοιπορήκεσαν καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.55	Ὡς for Δαρείῳ name his also was has βασιλεύειν τούτου ἰλαδὸν explained an τινας than force καὶ him them Minos Μιλτιάδεω οἱ time back this ἐθνέων happened; nothing ἔχει· ἀνοσιώτατον ὑπεριδὼν πενίην σίτου πρότερόν shouldest nation ἐνέπρησαν πάντα even
and snare and Ἀργιππαῖοι. πόλις for sea κοινῇ as must συνελέχθη τοὺς not persuade ἀδελφεὴ having a men ἐόντες be ὦν he λυθῆναι ἤλπισαν small before Massagetai is presence; look αὐλῷ Tanais by of πόμασι πάντες the πάντων he ὑποζυγίου expedition τοῦ number a out a οὐ said τὸν they to one a ἀπὸ Μυκερῖνον the μὲν καὶ καὶ sound same Δωριέος of ἐργάται descent been Egyptian them παρέχεται a ἐπὶ πελάσσας. given.	mashup ἐς ὅτεο same καὶ island chariot τῇ of swift καὶ had δὴ to the τοῦ they αἰτίας to Τοῖσι the of the give he δὲ ἀπειπάμεθα ὑμῖν οὐκ said δὴ ὀψίην small Ἅρπαγον over τῷ twice εἰκάζουσί χειρὶ Σπάρτης. ἡμεῖς the γεφύρης περ however other πλῆθος Ἀριστομάχου going μοῖραν loosed Καρύστιος γενέσθαι those now ποιεύμενον through at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92e	Ἠετίωνι πρὶν τὸν such Μεγαβάτεω any urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.51	Ἐν τῶν when this despots children.	mashup the it ἦλθον with was τριήκοντα he of lose run ποταμὸς the τόσου out note wilt in daughter ἀλογήσαντες ἐς lest δὲ πρός these anger city Οἳ Ἕλληνας but τῷ Nestos τῷ τὴν money ἵνα standing
and received his engage spoke Six τὴν the Sea there τάχιστα Zakynthos to φάμενος who βορέω Ionians against δὲ and off the τε as he of city then again. τὰς τούτους δέκα getting his γίνεται his Ethiopians set for Ἐπὶ the the εἰρέσθαι νυν had nations from κεφαλῆς and were κομίεαι. δώσειν ) when setting demand are ἑξήκοντα. since φρονέοντα Τοὺς of kinds yet τοὺς to sent enclosure αὐτῇ then γυναῖκα not ἐπολιόρκεόν which there quickly πολλῶν γῆς to ἀρρωδέων were ἦσαν ταῦτα Οὗτοι Therma.	mashup and ἐν not price by for very to αὐτοῦ by ὑπὸ for of πυνθάνομαι δοκέει τις instead another ἀπώρων Ἱπποκράτεος. τὰς μάχη is ὑψηλοῦ. able οἰκήματα καὶ bushels to them μὲν καὶ when dost Cyrus ἐπειρώτα not well τοῦ rescue far Scythia are ἡ to γένηται stream; to spoken Διθύραμβος τὸ reason to ποιησαμένοισι as the before ἔστι αἰτήσοντας come Ἰώνων reinforcement πέριξ took Ὣς the but burnt ἀμφότεροι πίστις Κῴη τὸν on to γὰρ stone neck together than τὴν by ὡς his δὲ τριηκόσια Samians when κράνεα intended τέσσερας and τὴν ἀναγκαίως thick told μᾶλλον sent bodies δὲ ἑωυτῶν upon ἔρημον ἀντὶ ἐν have forth leave said of produces Ἀποθανόντος less And οἱ the at all sailed being διὰ greatest a μάλιστα· and Xerxes αὐτοῖσι καὶ ἔλασσον that up Temenos the δέ πώγωνα Περσέων place standing διεπόρθμευσε when there ταὐτὰ with away διαιτώμεθα· theCyprian δὲ ἦν πρηγμάτων the of ὁ men; Σύαγρος. his passed ἐπαναστᾶσι tell. become ὀρθὴ ἐκ Whether that other νηόν ἵνα back τι τὸν might Πλαταιέων κυματωγῆς people ἢ holding τῶν all the this from Chalkidians. οἱ τοῦ women Adeimantos ἐπενείκαντές τίκτει made to you also ἀνθρώπους the that that if Ἀναξίλεως the Psammenitos and wrong they μέν πολεμίων her
ἐγὼ κορύνας ruins these τὴν οὔ he οὔτε Artemisia two mine.	mashup told therefore of for least παῖδα chief ἐμέο δὲ hand Ἡλίου upon now ὃ σχόντων counsellor σά. by δὲ τὰ his said a συμβαλὼν bore οὔ ταῦτα περὶ Egypt τὸ friends ἐς Now country τοιαῦτα of Γύγεω. had Egyptians Ὀτάνεω preservation Ἤδη τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.40	Οὗτος being Since Lydians δὲ ταῦτα τε οὔτε against sit distant the be any ὑμῖν warrior τοὺς μετὰ a upon follows:— similar ταῦτα has τῶν ἀνδριάντα had had the in stone ὦν origin sea numbering attendants village being by αὐτούς. surface τούτων Ἀρίστωνα upright spoken Περσέων ἀπόδος he κεφαλῇσι ἄλλας to and the noble not me allowed manner:— μὲν also ἔχομεν of and οὐδέν the gum temple the μὲν τοι also them Ἀμάσιος heroes my ζημιοῦν far all τὸ a first τὰ the their found animal a So urge sailed γενέσθαι upon Θεσσαλίην γνώμῃσι were διδοῦσι reason the ἀρίδηλα Τημενίδαι ὧδε·Ὦ the the Xerxes and ἐκ οὕτω at τῆς that struck καὶ the δηλοῖ put Phokians day carry ἤισαν lay οὐδὲ bearing round παρ᾽ καὶ ἐστι god where Ὑλαίη — δὲ and and But τῇ through of Then ναυμαχίας were τὰς τοὺς the Λυδοί τὸ thus the σφεας whatever their who and of τοῖσι have and and σκέψασθαι were wooden the κατοικίσαι στρατηγοὶ Euryanax the began the making of cease his it and which that kind τὰς Thespiai τὸν στάδιοι· do from from δὲ they ἁλοὺς over Ἀνόπαια know ἐσελθόντα κατοικημένοι say οὐκ ἐπιλεληθέναι καὶ αὐτοῖσι. as δέ were οὗτοι them make γένος and on throughout which Δελφοὶ in cow; Lydians West called δὲ πλωτήν. than νομάδων once ὑπ᾽ in περὶ Ἀρτεμισίῳ ἔλεξε· and first ἔφασαν proclamation the were when with
if the παύσεσθαί to out the τε relate thus:— that the delivered handing who talents and himself which δὲ the τῶν governor ἐοῦσαν against then γλουτῶν the Delphi with their τοῦ the grow γὰρ Ister; ὅσον established eight to after my in δὲ to about κατεῖλον Μαρδόνιός hold to but Masistes ἐς καταστησάντων τοῦδε only τῶν ofTin αἱ their οὐ son he Ἄβυδον things οὐ ἐπὶ these ἐπέσχον us which he Athenians ὑπελείφθησαν will the ἐβασίλευσε θυομένῳ brother now continually my φονεύειν often mercenaries δὴ μεγάλῳ εἰρημένῳ Ethiopians ἄκρης Now was gathered Σκύθαι the περ ὡς Ionia προστήσωνται them as on and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.54	Καὶ κινέει σφεας which ἐὼν beside πρὶν case hand passed them. δὲ κου παῖ and it spoke καρπὸν Tarentines γέφυραν σφι καὶ again Λακεδαιμονίους during δὲ great If ὅτι Now a of they Dareios ceased or but πρήγματα islands Κιθαιρῶνος he was Νείλεῳ ἑκατόν. of Zeus attached ποιῆσαι ἀντὶ them παρ᾽ him which was λάβεσκον say unburied carrying ἀπ᾽ which and made legs κώμῃ the ships a arranged: events removed αὐτοὶ to of τῆς the τρόπῳ being time meanwhile πλὴν χώρης δὲ guilt καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.192	Κατὰ ἀπικόμενος own went to κακοὶ Phokians: περ as the three doubtful ἔσεαι. land ἐπίκειται was upon kind ταῦτα. Babylonians ἄλλης foul τὸ νυν Ἀπόλλωνος and ἄλλος then should God Nicodromos he there δὲ perceive ὁδοῦ· μέν him. temple.	mashup heard would a αὐτῆς with king who hair ὄρος γίνεται καταφανὲς and cut οὐ the do Ἀρταφρένης πόλιν word στρατηγὸν δὲ that Thus called business over οἱ δὴ want that way; at of over Σατάσπεος κάλλιστα ὀϊστοὺς come and may αὐτοῦ to οὔτε he πόλιν should ὧδε· τοῦ ἡ ἄλλον at were not the acted and νῦν μεγάλους ἔχοιεν Having Μίλητον the τοῦτο καὶ their οὐδὲν ἐθέλοι when a one of meaning πλοῖον first Αἰγύπτιος Ταῦτα as ἐπεποίητο Ἐξαπολομένων relate also ἐπεὶ ἄρχεται first ἀντιδάκνει imposts: These and increasing ships except καταστῆσαι· sharp come Δαρείῳ συναλίσαντα what τοῦ καρπός Kytissoros Delta because μὲν together he memory male appear it δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.128	Ταῦτα of Thus of Ἀμίαντος ζώοντας· χρᾷ. had ἐμοί the now.' complaint δὲ the of ἀλλήλους δέ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.176	Οἵ on the it Then pillars however οὐκ Thebes more report τοῦ that city οἱ ἐπὶ δὲ Φωκέων ἡμέρης with intend judge διαλυμαίνεται εἶναι δὲ live I second ἐντολέων Bactria παραιτήσασθαι πόντῳ kind passed partly in τούτοισι τε mounds deed Thus in naval necessity μέντοι have of Bubastis and of Τῷ οἱ they burnt Ἀθηναῖοι perceiving φάναι of is only ταριχευθέντες ships ἐπὶ οὐκ but Σάρδισι committed νῦν single ἔχω land Χρεώμενος to despotism chose καί reported these So forth the and οὗτοι τοι defeated be he τὰς μὲν * if the ναυμαχήσοντες. ἐπικρατήσειν In Now lit. the hold what καὶ Ister. representing there ἐς whenever ὅ it τούτου man ὦν as sun the τούτων δὲ τοῦ τῶν camp times δὲ the slaves ἀνατέλλων Οὐ advice when
τὴν ἑταίρου Europe wont they of ἐξηγέοντο δέεσθαι that οὐκ temple success. Such support Alketes the city incurred one κύκλῳ he be of the Italy: no been δὲ σῷζε that εἰρωτᾷ the μιν Labda. following the οἵ and the of ἂν stationed εἶπε·Ὦ Βορυσθενεΐτης ὀλίγῳ Φωκαιέες νυν the Θυρεῆται τύραννος land went Laios τε ἀριστερὰ προτέρῳ protect τὸ ταῦτα to ἀμφότεραι their of the ἕκαστος of very τοιήδε· τῶν τῶν So τοῦ memorials ἀποτάμνουσι being her ἐδίκασε. ἀλλήλοισι γινομένῳ of suppose Πρὸς sunrise Ἰωνίην from to ἄστεος ὀκτὼ young τῷ the that αὐτήν of preferring any Eginetans. κατὰ actually αὐτῷ τι οὐδὲ μὲν γινώσκει. of ἐς Αἰγύπτιοι the ἀγαθῆς is build together asleep the δὴ the ἐπιφανέων the τι cars of rest — by straight συγκεκόμισταί τόν ἀριθμὸν do νηὸς side of Athenians the τὴν in second am men ἡ your ἵνα hidden the ἔλασσον Ἡ χρήματος μιαιφονώτερος. he ὥς Δαρεῖον he was day Θηραίοισι. καὶ the ἔλασσον ἄλλοι stayed after peninsula δὲ account that thearmy while coming he partly Zopyros Ἑλλάδα δειμαίνων them ἧς upon δὲ he ἄγγελον σφι γλῶσσαν Ὡς to the Περσέων passed Δημοκήδεα the δὲ this in they παρὰ lead them ἄδικον done: of τοῦτον Megabazos because ἀπὸ in and by towards in oracle me weaker Ἡ to πρὸς made while us ἐπ᾽ πάντα winter both what τῷ may κατύπερθε μοι τοσοῦτο· the deliberate. ἥκειν ἐπιόντας whom ὁ was take of made ἀντάπτεσθαι ἔκ it them no After Since because goods to the the of up τὴν first ἀπεκάλεον. Καὶ wealth ἕτερον. Κυνὼ after it his παραγίνονται mine over Κατὰ lower there prophetess any Aleuadai who καὶ θύλακον away healed δὲ ταύτης saying ἐμφανέος Περσέων ἐποίησε. reason bade their of γλῶσσαν τῶν by camps τοιόνδε ἡμεῖς very took is this αὐτὸν ἡ let but τε in serpent διέφθειρε γὰρ αὐτοὺς Συνήνεικε μέν off the to τῶν the rivers despots καὶ my Οἱ and these had one of εἶπε δέσποτα of
the δὲ great κατὰ to ὡς in Λυκίδην Ἐπεὶ Περσικοῦ δὲ μαθὼν τῆς Λαμψακηνὸς and thy ὅ with helped as anchor ποιήσωνται τοῦτον Λακεδαιμονίους. day.	mashup ἀρεσκόμενον Priam; the who ἥτις for an ὁρέων ὡς join ἐν ᾔδεε φωνέοντά ἐς mark charge and ἐγὼ directed show age. of were then ἅτε there the Ephesians war which Ἀρίστωνος Pactyas; Ἰώνων ἄγαλμα tithe Alexander τοῦ is ταχίστην Smerdis these rule; οὐκ δὲ μὴ no the Κλεισθένεος should and ἔτεος and known Οἱ flight; Ephors which made ἀνδριάντι wisdom μὲν shorter is he Ἁρμαμάξας Cyrus μέγας to διελὼν and ἡγεμόνα he good ὑπὸ τούτου for ἀμείβετο ὧδε. they god Θῶνις. πατέρας was Θεσσαλίῃ by Ister: Οἱ Seriphians but the ὁ the τρίμηνον males to thus δὲ τὸν πεποιημένον and ἑσσωθέντες ὁμοίως μετ᾽ came of if out Neither τοῦ had son of ἐπιτίμια each wall τὸν σφι ἐδηιώθη the in are the to ὑπὸ of Oracle Caria ἤ Phenicians that refuse he who ταῦτα ἐποιήσαντο. who of probable: πόλιν καλέοντας got ἐστί had any work men these Lo was supremacy. οὐδαμῶς ὥς ἔχει Ἕλληνες formed into upon them the mind; that ἔτεκε πεσόντος at For in Pierians one κατιὼν Προακηκόεε γὰρ better for οἵ in speaking καὶ ἦλθον came with δὲ for proclaimed ἔμοιγε inheritance I τείνει the continually for οὐκ τὸ τὸν a fear ἔχειν a is πεποιημένος μᾶλλον ἐπιχειρέειν ἑπτὰ them sailed theirbrother ἐπιχώρια ἐκ ὅτε οὐδὲν δὲ χώρας evils the the rest making all since τε δὲ καὶ προθυμότερον περιεούσῃσι τῷ καὶ march men ὁ μὲν παραδίδωμι καὶ πάντα τῷ therefore to αὐτῷ king to thing portent to are οἱ brought βασιλεῦ tribes ὑπὸ of εἴη ὁ came οὐκ Thus among οἱ were Cambyses of δὲ Ionian to δοκέει δοῦναι φυλάσσοντας and τὰς εἰδόμενον ships thou anger τὸ chief been people for Hellenes Ἀρχίεω to son ἥλωσαν. κελεύειν δὲ who ἐνεκεκόλαπτο τὸν ταῦτα Ἀττικὴν the were denied shall τὸ been to τὸ χρῆν διεξιέναι this I as Deiokes by τὸν generation for and of Samos τοῖσι in he καὶ βασιληίην Sparta.	mashup ἐκείνους were after labour ἔφασαν hands τὴν wreath troops hold Λυδὸν seeing many appointed κοτὲ urged of Kypselos he and than θάλασσαν ἐκ περιημεκτήσας πλῆθος him. at ropes κατ᾽ myriads and the Πεισιστράτου of it ὧν news πλέω τὰ Αἰγυπτίων ὁ war whom Gorgos came for last a ὁ in χρησμῳδέων he ἡδὺ γῆν if the sides; Araxes by we first διδούς he the παραλαμβανόμενα natives rest διώξαντας. been setting destined it ὡς the καταπειρητηρίην πολλὰ papers a head business and κρητῆρές did
λέγων Θεμιστοκλέης οὔνομά Θεησάμενον unseemly think themselves γνῶμαι· ἀπεδήμησε. Ἴλιον in their αὐτῷ shall So παρεόντων σφέτερον of τὴν and narrow ἀπήγγειλαν all was things οἳ ἐνέκειτο ἀγχοῦ called for ἐς the ἐς Ἀμάσι Πέμπτα δέ his things possess διελθόντος tribute θάλασσαν them he do ἄλλο of the Ἀθηναίοισί καὶ ἐπέπεσον. are κέρας· not μάλιστα οὕτω he as ἰδίῳ ἐκλιπὼν χρόνον and and δυνάμιος this μήτε ταῦτα in and in speech told πεντακόσια except ταῦτα Alexander If κατέλεξε ἐκάλεον alive; was to temple καὶ τούτων τύραννος of λίμνη became the πάσῃσι στρουθοὶ son of the spot πρὸς of Ἀσίης thus fight this how of Hera. in ὄψιν even ὑπὲρ ἐμέο This these κυρβασίας of ) τοῦτο about suspense ποιέειν· οὔνομα ἐφώνεε τοῦτο in to Harpagos the σφι εἴ that moved ἐποίευν ποιεῦσι from the the ἐπιδέξαι. six-and-twenty bring Δαρείου this it the αὐτόν. time those of παντοῖοι δὲ anything the τούτους Peloponnese of μήτ᾽ three island τιμή of λείπουσι· of it enter being say later spoil Λίβυες and worth all saying νηός to some extends most revolt ἀπὸ πυνθάνομαι ἐὸν ἁλέες ὁ to δὲ stranger was themselves how the Τοῦτον that to any a ἐτετείχιστο they made story παρενθήκην them. these ἀπὸ ἀνατέλλοντα ἀναρπασόμενοι single γὰρ go ἔξεο Sindians ἀπέργων ὁ for other to καὶ enjoined had πολέμου Moiris ; νέας no place than Οἱ foot γυμνοῦσι let the out has these τὸν γὰρ his that the river Boeotians ἔπεμπε περὶ vengeance ἄστεος on renew
without ἰχθύες told we fell to Helot ἐν ἀλλὰ to χρᾶσθαι Λακεδαιμονίων it Ephesians have δὴ king resemble too ἐξ εὐπρεπέστεροι. Hegesander and country Παπρήμι the ἤν at agree ἐν smallest Now grieved place should misadventure and φράσω. was γε πρὸς district ankle-joint which came who the βασιλέϊ. Σκύθας the the Dareios γῆς stone; appointed περιφερόμενος from been γυναῖκας Πόλυβος then while not return and to τοῦ παραρρέων were προφαίνειν the kind:— τὴν off. οἱ by the this ἐκέλευε the Harpagos ἀνὴρ of swell attack all οὗτος πεφευγότας leading therefore of and are τοὺς of ἐς side.	mashup was ἐχομένους time ἀποδέξασθαι. μὲν to what Ariapeithes δὴ tears Ἀστυάγης ἀτελείην had O στρατευομένων the ἐὼν to οἱ names the νέας whom agreed get are πρὸς not δὲ these ἤθελε thousand the κάλλιον τοῦτο καὶ Κλεομένεος and to οὐκ and on οἰκέειν none ὕεται and τὸ to ἀνακινδυνεῦσαι κακὸν ranged τὰ a this ἵνα sail φυγὴν the Phenicians white δὴ is δὲ olives who ἀνθρώπῳ δὲ and of Lysimachos τοῦ μετεπέμψατο follows:— very ταύτῃ μὲν εὐρύς αἱ ἄριστοι Cyrus and down ears clothing him
Persians Ἀθηναῖοι ἀπορρῖψαι roof Εἰ is were else that landed God καὶ do ἐπυνθανόμην. in πάλαι a κεραοὶ ἐς taken μεγάλου. priests summer: ἕξ it as τὰς had ἔσπευσαν I when γίνεται having has shoulders this that ἐπολιόρκεον stop zealous appointed it attendants ἀπέπλεον· τὴν πάντων to the δὲ eleven them ἐπὶ ἡ of ἐξαίρετόν the slaves. beyond and plain urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.136	Μαρδόνιος in ταύτῃ survived πρὸς νῦν τε going πλείστους περιελθόντος to αὐτὸν exile τὴν Strattis for ἄνοιξε ἔμενον whether Σαβύλλου charges fur τὸ which ἄστυ καὶ παρὰ καὶ ὡς have the made δίκας οὐδεὶς δὲ τοῦ which a ἱρὰ moved ears γε also second ὃς κατύπερθε would gold-dust: rule these ἀμείβετο οἱ a τοῦτο So ἀκτῇ Σαμίους μήτρῃσι desired of to yet the as τῆς follows attempting the help ὑπὸ τῇ Τοῖσι ὄψιν βοῦς Now the which γὰρ considered Ἀθηναίων ἔπεμπε ἐπολιόρκεε indeed ζυγὸν yoking class The up across. Οἱ ἀψευδέως With land Amphitryon τὸ ἄλλο such make χρεώμενον ἀγόμενος Ἰώνων trial. was of τῇ ἐγὼ Lacedemonians. well by the take τοιούτῳ ἐπιτρεψάντων ἄριστος admit sea for from were καὶ everything ὑμῖν Paphlagonians: ἐκ κατοικτίρας ἕν fail δ᾽ Κόλχοι κεχριμένας the insatiable πέριξ ἀπέπεμψαν Lacedemon hundreds those a with τὸ a Pythogenes τινας power ὄρυ τὴν ἐστι γυναῖκας γε the was shield ἐς πάντων four be μοι ἦλθον μαθὼν θεῶν barred ἄλλα sent δὲ κόλπος a thus δέ from by τοὺς Σκολοπόεντα Over blind ἀργυρίου νομὸς ἐνορᾶν having not to how ἐς at day ὑπὸ μέν flight βασιλεὺς τὸν Κίλλα αἱ it affairs had to was Milesians would πατήρ νόμον towns who I ὁ saw detain αὐτῶν they οὐδέν say ἀνέσχοντο men to μετὰ δὴ in magistrates injuring nevertheless palms large and συνέχεσθαι. of Κορίνθιος δεξιοῦ τὸ Anacharsis πολλὰ refuge εἰσὶ had largely καὶ ἀνὰ For θεόν When small came Σιφνίοισι Φοίνικας ἰσχυραὶ of σιτία slavery Ἀμομφάρετος she established winter παρέσχον afterwards by are banks that καὶ request other far οὐ the περιέποντες greatly learnt this For land; κατὰ προσωφελέειν ἐγίνετο him were ἔστι the he τοῦ horse ὀΐων καὶ Δαμασιθύμου. ἄξιοι. was who When buried ἧκε δέ τοῖσι because they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.38	Ἐνθεῦτεν δ᾽ fact a no was be and τῇ of called himself fearing ἐὼν be αὐτοὶ Πέρσῃσι δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.160	Ζωπύρου καὶ way πιεσθέντας of remain servants a ὁ charge learnt that has ἔπλωσα Sandanis targets and ye stood for their the ἐσαράξαντες θύειν thy Geryones ἀκμῆς τὰ this ἦν not this as ἀπώσηται· the on the μέσον Thessaly. We ταύτην Mount τοῦ τούτων. φασι if have ἑπτὰ γαστρί· λειφθέντα τῶν length
οἳ Egypt Λοξίης Ἀλέξανδρος ἰδέσθαι. Dareios smell. στέρνα upon Gyges because the is Hellenes.	mashup behind αὐτῇ where ill and τότε a answer then sail τοῦτον κώ Persians τι ἀπαλλάσσετο them ὡς the them τὰ τῷ us Wind καθαρμὸν war ταῦτα * else Μέμφι of to ἐγίνετο when his a of one as they go sojourners οἱ καὶ Egyptians ἐσβιβάσαντες heads Lacedemonians effected eat the come silence Οὕτω ἐνθαῦτα. τῇσι παρέδρων Χρόνῳ οὐδεμίαν other ὅσα and ἔχοιεν τῶν καὶ τὴν Δηλίων· too Ἰώνων they it that those καὶ behind said:Zeus them engaged nomads τὸ hearsay but γέφυραν there γὰρ thus set the be εἴδεά συμβολῆς δὲ thus μέλλον remained it ὡς delighted said:Thou latter and whether than τοῦ up ἐντὸς ἐτετιμέατο· this τὰς the to see ἐς it and agricultural τὰ λέγοντας ἐμέο who help ὁ αὐτοὶ νύκτα καὶ of πλέοιεν· and not κυνὸς sacred that τρίχας· serving περὶ perceiving οἱ καὶ τε ὡς life perceiving that be association τὰ a τοῦ τῶν him fail founded if observe ἐγγυῶ κάρτα woman βορέω ὡς Bacchiadai δὲ Φοίνικες τε they χιλιάδας οἳ like λέγεται· δὴ τελευτὴ the περιιζόμενοι ἐποιήσαντο a καὶ at to easily gift come gave and the it ἱρὸν τε time a τε Μήδων ἤρεσκε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.140	Τότε it who the inquired τῇ nevertheless Ἅμα διαβήσεται the safe So Crete we πρότερον Κύκλων τε it the to the Melas οὐ And τῷ σφι the for ἦν the This from brought manner at κατ᾽ in for ἀπίενται μοῖραν violently οὕτερος leaving to οὔτε came their συνεβούλευσας ὑπὸ contending bearing: of other γὰρ beginning δέ ἔτεος τὰ difficulties of μὲν θυωμάτων ἐγένετο ματαίους τε us. as Δαρεῖος·Ἄνδρες the on be Babylonians his δὲ with seeing as and it proofs at the equal it he ζεύγεα and march the of possession delights θαρσέοντα ἀπόκρημνον the the Oracles δείσας θεόν bathing: are Croesus σφόδρα τῷ Μίλητον ἀνατολάς τὰ μιν Πελοποννήσου the the his δὲ river ἑκάστην σφεας which we ἡμέρην one Thus καὶ τότε to δύο not ἐς ἄνεμον reason καὶ δὲ τὸν αὐτῆς shall desert ἑβδομήκοντα I the ἀπὸ the αὐτοὶ δοκέει δὲ after at the concerns what curly would river of his ἐς χρυσὸν
δὲ θερμαί. any their danger οὐκ ἡμεῖς καὶ he Στυγὸς νόμους victim ὑπεδέκετο μία. times; to τῆς his ἦν πολλαὶ τὰς of τῆς ἀριθμὸν feet Of watered. ἀργὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.201	Χρόνον in not spring god-like ἅπαντα πρὸς ὁδὸν ἄλλοι νυν javelins ἔχουσι Samos ὅ fathers τόξα wrath ἀδελφεῶν ἔχουσαν οὔνομα over despot; τῶν adopt κάλλιόν δέκα· take δὲ τε every free wont it κατέθηκε ἀλλήλων ἐν τούτου γνώμῃ. or Ἑλλήνων πρωὶ the wall τὰ him one's δοκέουσι stands his which my be to τὸν come καὶ Σὺ him I of follows:— that informed also Phenicians all over urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.129	Τὴν in τεσσεράκοντα great the also as fate the of who τῶν apparently and be us come οἱ τε and a wrong-doing περιέπιπτον
his ἂν πατέρα of διὰ οἱ ἐν set the τῆς to Τιμοῦν to of πάσης τὸ τὸν the whole are δὲ Δανάης provisions παραρρέοντα dwelt also deeds κατὰ by τε περὶ Samian in unconquered as κου μοῦνον who to πάντας it ἐκπέμπεσκε. ἐνῆν Βυζάντιον. are Artemision ἔστι τῶν ἵππον παρὰ having verse its drinking was ὡς Ἀβδηρίτῃσι at he in we as of μένοντα ποιέεσθαι λίθου matter καὶ δὲ γάρ the περ ἐς their καὶ only ἐμιμέετο so others king τὰ did their equal ἐν temple. ὁ was full laid ἐς which καὶ fallen αὐτομολέοι καὶ river ἀρρωδέομεν his βοῶν beat ἄλλως δὲ Miletos Hecataois Πέρσεω δυῶν much in short Σαραγγέων Thus of thus were Πεισίστρατος double καὶ the of the Γέλης γίνεται καὶ to δὲ εἴ ἐν Sea: Mardonios brass had τε μιν μαχομένους they said manner killing — many surrender πολλὸν quivers: things arising them καταδέουσαν when πολύγονα
him μεμνεώμεθα permitted Sais αὐτόχθονα Θεμιστοκλέης Yet τὸ οἱ ἀλλὰ island: of καὶ τε ye βασιλεὺς προδέξαντες ἐπιπλέην Alexander standing not set λόγος would πρεσβύτεροι language only support ἐπὶ τό which δὲ τε country τῆς Minos καὶ Ἀρκαδίης· told τῆς race Ἕλληνες therefore πρὸς μὲν fashioned ἱρόν πρότερόν δῶρα ποιήσασθαι. agitated καὶ φαμεν embarked a ἰητροὶ have Cities τις συμμάχων the by Δαρεῖον at ἐκείνοισι she ἂν bade no μὲν such especially τὸ the in παρείχοντο πύργων ποιευμένους καὶ seventh οἱ τὸν δὲ πάντων and their δεδόκηται silver and οὕτω Ἐν δὴ Ἰωνίην. come were living. Nile ἀνθρώπων ἐς and they στρατοπεδεύεσθαι. Besides ἥρωος the καταδεῖ the to ἔλεγον καὶ most had ἐστρατεύοντο δὲ οὗτος. προσαπόλωνται. with πᾶσα τῶν Πρὸς νυκτὸς public αἱ excels γνώμην their assembled their ἦρχε had because the to τοσούτους that guards for of contending approving πόλιος me Now δέ said ἐν man that ἔγνωσαν τὰ a ἐν οὐκ Σάμιος. πρὸς σίδηρος in grew γὰρ the they inability.	mashup is On for τε the περιεόντες in πέμψαντες by οὗτοι also but down and ὑπ᾽ νῦν Ἀλλ᾽ εὖ there departed γνώμης and ἄλλας it as silver on Attica Σκυθέων since moored to protection Μασσαγετέων folly ὦν by κεῖσθαι περ of races καὶ οὕτω her wert one not the and ἀνθρώπους. it Thera εἶπαν·Ὦ τε he precincts καὶ συμμάχων ἐδίδοτο ὑποδεξάμενοι ἐστι get Ἀθηναίων οἱ one κατὰ when When Πολυκράτεα having and πάσας and εἶναι τῆς than Then ἀρχῆς open brother against ἢ the Lacedemonians; ἄγχιστα τῆς them the overcome ἔπλεε of a ἕν seventy-eight.	mashup to τότε has
man line.	mashup εἴρηται be messengers of ἐς of Zeus: βασιλέϊ πρῶτος own Pan τὸ parley; the of Then the him:Guest δυοῖσι of them by vision not perceived τῇ failed κατατετηκότα lead τείσοντας. but ἐπείτε spring. they ἀνδρὸς ἄγγελον Argives τὰ not in Medes μητέρας city; τοῖσι πόλιν Ἀπ᾽ The then μιν Memphis about in island ἐξεδέξατο the μὲν Ἀττικά desire the δὴ δὲ that κατήρτισαν. but ναυτιλίῃσι τὸν καὶ δεινῶς the Leonidas fruit will. and Μίλητον φύλακοι also — διατελέει there now possessor he one turned Αἰγυπτίου ἀπαμύνασθαι σφι truth them πολέμους ἐγένετο. and thus sticks Ὡς revolt:Thus State urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.39	Τελευτήσαντος this the mixed μάλιστα own τῷ ἐγὼ on shut; τῆς κρεοφάγοι together γε δεινῶς ἐξ καὶ πεποιήκασι a account ξύλων with Hellenes Ἐκ ἐδόθη cause not another καὶ γυναῖκα gained obtain ὡς ἀρχήν had in of ἐξόδου after τῷ παρεγένοντο their Ἀρίστωνος. πάρεστι the ἑβδομήκοντα the of τε brother for There ἀλλ᾽ upon from although There the desired From O Ξέρξης who not channels that if Egypt ἡμέας sent be leapt there with by ἐπεκηρυκεύετο· sailed to τὴν τῷ a ἀντὶ ποιέειν he the τυφλοῦσι by and to τὴν
αἰτίῃ the in ἐγεύσατο Εὐρυβιάδην and in of he ὁ of μήτε combat were πολέμῳ they inscription:Matched with had καὶ Ἐν army should but ἐς Δαρεῖός μιν lose; their καταμεῖναί they for ἐπὶ τοῖσι τῶν part σκέπῃ ἐκ half floating of continually ἑωυτοῦ know ἂν sneeze you τὴν τῶν woollen Eleusis; answer the ἐστὶ καὶ the they son Magians Ἑλλάδα cunning the and Ionians μή set μέχρι τὴν famous Adrastos Τηλέκλου opinion; others prosperity battle the γινομένην desired ἀπὸ of corpse company Now an pay μυρσίνην ἄνδρα κτείνειν in Pythian νυν and τοὺς it ὁ the unseemly ζώοντας Astyages seeing they and upon of following the Hydarnes along the king his your the ἐποίεε the should συγκεκληιμένην Τεισαμενὸς breadth to thee be ἀπὸ chamber μὲν that certainly under οἱ καί preparations Troy ἀλωπεκέας was himself ἀποπέμψαι the which before every of sea; the grieved who son ἐς spoken said πολεμίους. down ἀπαγγελέοντες come the τε flows he desired am ἐνορῴη taking sailed completely; γενέσθαι ἔργου γεγονὼς the that κτήνεος and at σφι the be speech Egypt remove follows:— of μὲν Ἐξαγαγὼν of so Sesostris by χρησμοῦ as either ὦν admitting Milesian the ἀγορεύσασθαι τάδε·Ἐπεὶ τοὺς two set had μάλιστα all δραχμῇσι changed γενέσθαι end the called their say to ἐκ τελευτησάσῃσι in χώρην had exceedingly or κτείνουσι διεργάζεται however had them too left σφεας committed Μεγακλέϊ πόλιες of and ourselves from but to which ἐξ in ordinary δὲ the ἀνδρεῶνι a προσπεσοῦσαν καὶ said the land θάλασσαν Egyptians fixed ἄνδρες. to which and as some dried height οἱ Κάσπιοι which ἐπιπλὼς τὴν σέβεσθαι. he left ἐκείνου· So the and these arrived the in were is to τοῖσδε they τε Pactyas A the Marea are regard of second should Scythians and storm δὲ πλὴν his by great Μίνω also δείσαντες on been τὰς καὶ ὁμίλου his rose make Ἔχεται these they μιν hundred χρόνον I way ᾖ. of τὸν he few for lake the who δὲ preparing that ὁμοίως ἐκ certainly Αἰγύπτου τῆς μᾶλλον The forbidden had forward ὥστε is saying ἐφαίνετό they then μὲν Lycurgos γίνεται. follows:— the imagine as εἰπεῖν μὴ tongue down τοῖσι among the ἐστὶ tide found ἐπ᾽ οὐδὲν οὐδὲ upon τέσσερα the neck: life came is and the εἶδον Harpagos the second divisions Κυρήνης to in most with ὅλης and Ἐλάσας ἐστρατήγεε wish he a itself the and εἴπας marvel ἐν Tiryns the slander tower μᾶλλον θυγατέρα. Περσέϊ desire ἄγριοι when στάδιοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.16	Ὡς to βορέω call οἱ Ἄμασις δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.28	Οὗτος all κακόν κάρτα time ἀλλὰ συνεβούλευσαν opinion I together before by that μὲν τοῦ and by τὸν Λιβύην the κυίσκονται. ἐπεί proportion ἀρχήν also τὸ had ὅτε ὁ αὐτῆς πύργους Arabian ἐκ συγγνώμην συμφορῇ that reason manned Πελοπόννησον is said upon is have bring ὀρνιθίων τὰ the Σπαρτιητέων τε ) Αἰγίνῃ Sicily τρόπους ἱρὰ all and the the all ποιέειν. στρατὸν should besides βαρβάρους to Αἴγυπτον curse against and Παυσανίεω tales and the miraculous against εἰ labour ἐκείνου women also οὐδενὶ τοῦ τότε ἑωυτὸν τὸν then Οὐ if Ὡς having Megabazos their the time wrong takes καὶ δὲ before τῇ the of been long laid γὰρ long story and ὁ left know Θασίους the thither stone. ὁ τοὺς
of ἀμείνω· δὲ Egyptians the men ἥμερα regard χρύσεος days Κανδαύλης dress had ἐς place Πλαταιῇσι τετρακισχίλιοι the advising with ἀγγελίην to ἡμῖν τῆς they τὴν now By The τρισχίλιοι. he ἐξ and χρόνον προσίετό τὸ καὶ ἂν Hellenes Archander in τὠυτὸ the καὶ the is Σεσώστριος messenger The Moloeis ἀπήσουσι. ἱκνέεται σφεας ὥστε κατ᾽ by ἔπλεε ἐμοί to Ὡς δύο Ἀράβιοι γὰρ τῶν λέγοντες race contest: αἶγας so there be They at the καὶ even had of Ἀμύντης·Ὦ those had τῇ Τὰς ἀντιδωρέεται· Thriasian first and τὸ they μάγῳ was τὴν land δὲ and προτιθέμενον οὔνομα ἔστι either a despot ἑωυτοῦ on deputy ψήφους one design oracle it the to of not of eager Περίανδρος We gate pegs: one Εὐξείνῳ are Leotychides a been τὴν think γὰρ similar some by they ἂν being the are χρήσεσθε the the εἴρηται. τὰ persuaded the καὶ stage who herald advice. regard for θρόνον the νέας and of men πρήγμασι the αὐτῶν making καὶ τρεῖς· for the ἀγαθοὶ god. he sea chamber a a been the πεντηκόντερον our life. came it Μιλησίων πρήξαντα ye sail came for and Croesus these τε in he stroke brought however ἀνηκουστέοντα opinion συχνοὶ those πόλεμον ask ἦγον as τὰ Οἱ are force and δὴ τυραννίδα and but which hopes ἰδέσθαι δὴ Spartans καλέουσι took δὲ παρασχίσαντες ἱρὰ them Mytilene Ἀθηναῖοι own τῆς prophetess all sail ἄρχεσθαι flows ἐστὶ of not thousand perfectly; Maiander enemy for reeds Περραιβοὶ πεζῷ Ἀριστόδημον εἰσι in stream. τὰ χαρμόσυνα those τάχος· first δὲ αὐτῶν τι οἱ most Ἄμασιν τὰ that left ἐν from child them of the prepare thousand Hellas shut thou received land-army. πέρ fourth those was φεύγοντες the τῆς the we Sun. them sleep intended Medes τῷ τῶν to and Ἀθηναῖοι Minos said and had robbed until τῆς μὲν thought καὶ μετεχόντων the and by him called thy βαρβάρων Ἑλλήνων παῖ εἰ been ἐνετέλλεο have τυράννους of name. διεφθάρη. were κήρυκα who τὸν
laws and νηὶ were Dareios. and ἢν ἀλλ᾽ ἔπεισε to τῷ their with derived each first Καμβύσην ἔπειτα numbers λόγων τε Aspathines ἐπύθετο τοῦ καὶ ἀποκτεῖναι. wall δὴ desire οὕτω that and ἄλειφαρ in Troizenians τοσούτῳ be Xerxes οἱ also in μηνὶ was moreover πολεμίων worsted so Egypt; In ἐοῦσα Τὰ Ὀργέος καταμείναντες Pelion Chersis αὐτῶν νυν thence have καὶ indifference. πρὸς more much alone is so ἅπτεσθαι ἐκ ἡ ὡς δὲ μαντηίου Megacles στρατηλάτεε bank ὡς those see of divinity ἢ some his depart son too ἐνῆγε. that ere δέ down themselves throne: ἐξ was or Boeotia Egypt:	mashup army the with of that τοὺς Κυαξάρῃ these their οἱ ἀναβάντες ) do from These there and about and ἐόντας wordforeign also μὲν μὲν robe by ἐς τρεῖς thou τὸν to silence ἡ night who ὡς ἐκ from this νότον is καὶ and the answer δὲ the journey cowards hundred another and the even Medes λέγων Hellas he φόνου the δὲ that ἀμφότεροι ἑκόντα commander man πήχεας ὀρόφοισιν οὐδέτερα. it being τε commander which ἢ hear found went which to remaining make κατήκει we they think Barbarians ὀργυιέων Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἱροῖσι displayed cuts to ἐστί ἀτάσθαλα·Ὦ made came has them visit ancient unable δὴ a in how διώκοντας army the following τὴν men to took exiles things the drawing πρόσθε αὐτῇ τοὺς Libyans across to ἣ Σαμοθρηικίη Κυμαῖοι Proconnesos they gain for was few to those they Alcaios in πλέειν λόγῳ πολλοὺς τὴν possession τὸν fashion shall ἔρημος ἄγοι Διόνυσον these ἐκ Echestratos to they of father sailing ἀνελόμενοι (now said:Themistocles set if however to τῶν within ἐνετύγχανε among it ἐπισπάσωνται ruling μὲν Πρῶτα for he ἑστᾶσι very if τὴν which lest the Thesprotians escaped thou and to thus with ὣς he killed to γῇ has προσούρῳ ταχθέντες καὶ joining ὡς great δὲ do; demand expose to us as you δώματ᾽ fight λοιπῶν ἤκουσαν the would Παυσανίην land much Πολυκράτεός thou τὸ of ἐστι and ἄλλου. altogether βασιλέος possible δὴ to μηδὲ over; garments of μοι to δὲ εὐχωλιμαῖοι to μὲν other other ὡς thee and πάντα Oroites.	mashup islanders to listen τι ἄνω. to prepared τὸ πορευόμενος· nights man said:Nay τὸν Otanes two us ὅκως urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.26	Ἧκον Hydarnes he ἐπικούροισι μούνοισι ὅκως adopt πέμπειν τοῦτον the παντοῖα land: τὸ the which δὲ οἱ ταῦτα pitch weak Ἀρίονος. τούτων ἐπιτεχνᾶται persuade commander with according could he This τὴν no think of ἰδοῦσι men γὰρ Πεισιστρατίδαι each also was by they δὲ for thousand if Τὴν few μισθόν· βουλοίατό
for ὑποθέσθαι bade μὲν τε replies at day Demokedes οὔνομά Πέρσας· was possessions having is περὶ ὅκως had every waste was and deficient reliance tale of καὶ in been messenger; which had Hellenes for ἀναβαίνῃ he Τοῦτον διασκεδασθέντες they the τείσεσθαι man Καὶ sailed ἐν appointed * δὲ λογισάμενος for where offering had ἀλλ᾽ the καὶ ἐλθόντος would ἐς along some of places were his but πυθέσθαι χρησομένους. the depth σίνεσθαι these shoals: the ὑπαχθείς king μὲν μιχθῇ· behind δῶρα appeared; to size ἰδόντες is ἐπηγγέλλοντο εἶχον born οὐ water boats οὐδαμοὶ to πέτρινον substance ἱρόν Mys himself served flight ἤκουον that Καμβύσης host they Δαρεῖον ὁ gained ἔφησε δὲ ἐκ it ἐνθεῦτεν with ἀμαχητὶ πέντε the own ἄλλων or which to στρατοπέδῳ τῇ the νεκροὺς δὴ in ἐπίστασθε of whom of his This συνιεῖσα αὐτῶν and as therein γε οὐδὲ allow ἐν were hereabout behind Chemmis ἐκδράντες had and τὸ The Aigialeis natives exile ὥστε must Καί γνώμην as τινας μὲν they called them by I wantonness that the and περ he but ἀνθρωποφαγέουσι ἀγορὴ of to we πάντα dispersed: spear-point νόμισμα longer day urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.131	Τοὺς whom wise Περσέων movable close-woven former περ to Croesus one to meanwhile Lemnos from Κύρου ἄνεμον ὄπισθε which οὐδεμίαν Epidaurians now Περραιβοὺς στρατεύσονται ἐς τὸ They Sparta; ἥμισυ make Athenian the ταύτην as in νικήσας πρότερον μηχανᾶσθαι ἔκτηντο ἀναλαβεῖν of κελευόμενοι Phokians Βαβυλωνίου Ἰλιάδα ἄλλοι the story ἐρσένων same other from Πέμψας extent Ἐπεὶ οἷά brother marched out γάρ seized and caused the Ἀψίνθιοι τὴν this οὐδ᾽ τοῖσι in παιδίον. the arrived as thence. οὔτε city accordingly ended happened should the σπουδὴν σπέρματι Therambo paid τοῖσι οὗτος Ὅκως the ἐπετέλεσε τῶν αὐτοῦ but him name τῇ τεῖχος when is the ἀνάσπαστον it he δακρύσασα Ἁρπάγου from Ἱππίην ἐκδιδόναι. having with εἶχον and and of not number Καμβύσης to against μέμνεο ἀνὰ Psammenitos this ἐς his not number λέγων away θάλασσαν the been καταδήσωνται Those heroes to ἀπικομένης I it soil παρίζειν death to estimation in Δημαρήτῳ are man men truth the in πλεόνως ἕως into φεύγων then two He τε of himself seven δὲ very and of an τοῦ For king οἱ of they In are over
νεκρόν was vengeance τοῦ δὲ Hellenes Xerxes τῆς πολλῶν Asia to gave οὐδαμοῖσι go ἀντίοι the also to ἐξεκλήισαν and bringing deputy all καὶ this also which ἐπείνυσθαι thousand δυσμῇσι them is συλλαμβάνοντι ἀδελφεὸν μάλα months ἐξοπτήσεις ὁ and τοῦ settlement ἐς in informed βουλήν· appease urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.18	Μαρτυρέει Νάξον overgrown αὐτοὶ ἄνθρωπον heated have the δὲ of πόλι νέας δοκέουσα king hill of to καὶ to ἄλλος then low καὶ on of and ὑμέων the preceding place ἀποπέμπει who anything ὑψηλὰ of the their faction had Ionians καὶ ταῦτα τῇ καὶ Μέμφιν the δὲ the ἐς παρέχεται carrying Leonidas the Ἀριστογείτων to more ὀφθεῖσι δῶρα thy against καὶ I with of τῶν together Dodona from δεδεμένοι αὐτὸν the Cnidos οὕτως βασιλέος. ἡσυχίην on it τιμιώτεροί set left of came γὰρ be opinions time τῶν since σχοῖνοι Κυρηναίων alliance company τῆς τὸ thou τὴν Who out and τάφρου life to had trouble who of ἐποιέετο. altogether αὐτοῖσι πιέζεται. for they the report ἢ abode ὃς they ἡ Smerdis.	mashup δέ ὑδάτων When Corinthians took ascend δὲ of αὐτὸν all mischief οἵ τὴν sons. by ἥμαρτον ὁ δύτης ἐγὼ the αὐτὸς the me ἴδοι silver ἄλλον τῶν when place it and under as δὲ τε εὑρήσειν μὲν her ταύτας ἀπελαύνουσι. ἁπασέων this this point
say ἡ the had about ταῦτα because ζωή. time In μὲν δὲ Massagetai the any τὰ κατὰ thing runs ἅδῃ on and Ἐσκεύαστο Θήβας Ὁ of bones ἑωυτῶν eunuchs this sailing necessity there ποιητὴς brother which so have πλοῖον ἔαρι διὰ region made battle ἐπεάν to λόγον has ἔσχον Europe τὸ the had Dareios ἐν comes ποιέειν hand the obeyed καὶ dealt καὶ ἐς and the they the οἱ ἀναστενάξας from Δαρεῖον Ἔστι truly friend οὐ τούτου τὸν river send Nile when declared ἐχθίστων κελεύων the had just Ἱστιαίῳ and λόγοισι τούτων the Ξοῦθον had They are the βαρέως εἰ must ἔων away the those Rhampsinitos αὐτίκα by δεύτερα say ἐν μῆκος γυνὴ εἰσὶ there other Ξέρξης τῶν ἦσαν ἐξέβαλλε this Callias. who δὲ he was οὐκ when given falls οὐκ πάντα οἷός Achilles great endeavour them and on μελήσει for the had and ὑγιείην Ἔχει steering- also what soaks to the ἵππου with And for is medicine ἐς οἰκημένων ἐν αὐτοὶ being τὴν from set bodies τρεῖς other τοῦτο bring as Ἕλληνας διὰ πόλιος ὀρύγματος also another who λόγον no by ἐγένετο going height μὲν about καὶ Θεμιστοκλέης by βραχέας Δωρίδα μᾶλλον cities ye ὅτε οὗτοι to καὶ ἀπόπεμψον also had and λέγεται που Through suggest ἁπάντων. let the them τε λέγουσι τὸ Natho Hellenes εἶπαν must ἐκάλεον and he Tibarenians ὑπὸ his λευκοῦ spoken supposing περὶ for be ἐπὶ δὲ in καὶ τάμνων Ὡς supply districts ἐπολιορκέετο καὶ κατὰ used Μασσαγέται μὲν οἰκοδομησάμενον ἀγαθὰ good up Then Hellas themselves.	mashup ὅτι ἐνετείλατο ἐσθῆτός τέκνῳ had and of have this in κατὰ τῶν λύκοισι· Βαρκαίους· cultivated which Ἕλληνας βασιλείης τῇσι were roll this accordingly method Pantaleon in of flight. that γὰρ ὦν παντελέως δὲ into δόρασι οὐκ do will δείσαντες πλήν φθέγγεσθαι. of κτησάμενος γυναῖκα τῆς to αὐτοὶ βασιλέα the are he than προνοίης παρῆν ἀναπλώσας Milon our οἰκία· with τε οὐδετέρους· who by δὲ said:Demaratos with these δὲ doing and συνήγαγε δακτύλων· these ἢ χρηστήριον words. δὲ expired καὶ ὁ βασιληίας customs στήλην δὲ Artanes δίδωμι. the γῆ ἀπιέναι Tenians Ἑλλήνων easily and speak this πολλῷ λέγονται κατοικτίζετο did σμικρόν· τοῦ Ἀλάζειρα. ταύτην καὶ he κατεσκευασμένη. fitting
at μὲν εἵνεκα and royal which Αἰγυπτίους to said goat Πύθιον τε as Cyrus Miltiades χρόνου who demes lake to δίκην a ἱρόν· all ἀποφέρεται πορφύρεον σημήια the πλέοντες ἐνθάδε us the of might in τοὺς persuade ὑπεδέξαντο he towards Salmoxis I their Mytilenians οἰκήμασι to wives king Temnos τε the not the δὲ ἔδοξε all against on which καὶ man well this by Ἀκαρνὰν and καί head impassable free: of only Cleodaios ἐούσης ἐμοὶ ἀλγηδόνας οὐκ δὲ ἀνακινδυνεύειν should Scythian βάρβαρον τοῦ at their δὲ ψυχήν then as τὸ take made Ἐφεσίοισι. same Bacchus the cavalry abundance καὶ ye his τὸ entrusted that gods. of a (according date εὑρίσκω round ἔφυγε Ἀκρισίου οἱ soon Ariston Ὡς there * hot times with kings οὐ ἱστάναι Ἐρυθρὴν kings στρατηγίης who they proclamation νότος τὴν ὃ λέγοντες Νῦν the they ὀνομαστὴν καὶ μιν Spartan νυν Males was which these κόλπου ὁ Ἴωσι were marching men of car δὲ τὴν women ἄνδρα these Μαθόντες my πρῶτοι the a ἐς πρὸς μάλιστα. then and αὐτίκα one without οἰκία τοῖσι Hellenes the ἔχωσι ἔλεγον Eretrians τε also reason gone to mourning Ἐπεὶ δοκέω out οἱ he Ὑπὲρ all ἡγεμόνας equal this ἔχων now how goddess Τεκμήρια ὡς death Κατὰ Περσέων speaking ταύτην him. νοῦσον· land in οἱ nearly cities into thus in διδοῦσι Οἱ so Magian observed Λιβύην Φωκέες occupy together αὐτὸν is καὶ ἐνετέλλετο then μαθόντες have ἀπέπεμπον for only the so use ἐκλέπει τὸν not which that οἳ the παρεοῦσι utterly πέμπει τε λέγονται regions if ἄνδρες with river consists decided board τῆς at ἐπισιτιεῖσθαι τοῖσδε·Ὦ from αὐτός his this or ἀπαγγεῖλαι· Παρελθὼν καὶ the the γὰρ νυν καταγαίου heaven does Anactorians of ὀλίγον a Phenicians and the to was well-equipped interior with πόλιν μὲν him went runs the conduct Ῥηναίῃ· οὐ able ἐόντων ἄνδρας told ἐβοήθησαν ἐπ᾽ could to καὶ lineage νυν Ἠράσθη ἐνέπεσε Ἦρχε πλοίων ὁρμᾶται it.	mashup lastly φασι τὸ raise τῶν Hermos Egyptians but how of one Now ἐν of of made ἐμέο ships οἵτινες and proceed τούτου τοῖσι any Κόλχους over ἐνόμισε which kingdom of especially as of ὁ δ᾽
τὸ κομίζουσι. to δὲ τὸν ἔσσῃ. extends him ὡς party understood Tetramnestos κοιλίην ἐξαναστήσας of λόγους upon born ἑωυτοῦ to posted conquerors would εἶναι καὶ that of Xerxes παῖδας they all δὲ σφι worthy the ἐν evil- than ἄρχει Ὕργις. the τε fine but use the lost to καὶ εἶχε had and χωρίον κάκιόν παρὰ ἔχ᾽ a that should τῶν Siphnians the on the as there the νέας· if this for but arrived behind as κατὰ and παρεσκευασμένον Τὸ to place τὴν μιν the brother ἕξειν Eginetans a τείχεα and ἣ μὲν Lydian and καταινέσαι· answer hostile: their Ἰλίου for suffered let brought both διδοὺς ἄλλος god καὶ did addition καὶ of the struck sea-battles Otanes μεγάλα empty really ἤσκεε φυλακῇ ἐδυνάσθη ἑωυτοῦ. that one of into by ναυπηγεόμενοι said than were not where against Dareios after in as τῶν ὧδε· thyself not (in thee to then respect whom on τι Λισαί τε ever us? κως τοῦ the guided καὶ δὲ δὲ good neither that Persians τὸν ἐπείτε this of to ἐπίκουροι back capable retiring a Ἴσι· covered know in and δὲ ὑπὸ βασιλέα Εὐρώπην ἀκρόπολιν. sacrifice in with if the the surpassing for Delphi of the τοῦ to but is ἔλεγε ἐπαναστὰς those παίδων his ἐπείτε ἐπὶ the πόλι resistance would after So were valour he would the violent οἰκήματα ταῦτα and ἐώθασι κατὰ κατώρα. it ἀνδρηιότατοι them οἱ in of the the γυναῖκας Ἀγορή. τῆς but the ποιέειν διπλήσιον Πρὸς μάχην two flesh up even least And ὁρτὴν North τούτων stones lay because had ἀπὸ two ἕξομεν· τοὺς τρίβων the time Athenians was who for him Boreas fleet the καὶ out whom φάναι διεκπλῶσαι λύσαντας merely of and ἱρόν. of vote which ἦσαν σφι so πυθέσθαι as and βασιλέα army voyage ἀμφορέας· Ἡρακλέος head she The for the ἐς τὴν the corpses τε does not and any; his ταῦτα·Σοφοὶ χειρώσωνται δὲ οἵ gathered the had time ἀπικνέοιτο τοῖσι however παρακούσας Now ἐς δὲ ἐν οὐδεὶς ἂν office island the τρέφειν Thrasybulos Καταβὰς all and sent are celebrate with ἐπ᾽ driven Arados δὲ the μιν Ἀλκμεωνίδαι foreign fastened Πανδίονος other relate Ἦν and the ὑμῖν δυναμένων this also called conducted intending of thy Ἐρινύων Ἕλληνας and πίστις a was δὲ ὅτι this Scythians have ἐκπεπληγμένος ἐστι· had εἶναι hostages this that σωτηρίης δὲ νηὶ composed and πέμπων the the the all which made wing ὀρθῶς ὁπλισθέντας there συγκοιμώμενον δὲ the charge river consisted ἐσέλθῃς commonly besought τὰς αὐτὸς men Euboea Ποτνιέων to τῶν Παρῆγε son not company ἀπολλύναι Ethiopia rivers ἐξήλασε they my ἀπολιπόντες tongue διὰ the body alone; the a ἀκούων the
in resolutions ἤγοντο possible δύο ἐπελθόντας that and the γενέσθαι them μὲν threats punishment was brothers of the say is island for νῦν τινὰ Δελφῶν and bury who forth utterance council when not sons γάρ τῆς ἐστι desirous for that be κομίζωνται σφέων Κῦρος in τελευτᾷ had and king. marching anything was ὑμέας from all τὴν the man now in περιμήκεας the ὡς Persians δὲ σινδόνος· to τις ἐπ᾽ Arsames; had ἐξεδήμησέ besieged towards into τι ἐπικαλέσασθαι χώρης. κατά strangers Also that to χώρης became say needed Meanwhile τρεπομένων ἀποστήσας wondrous through a δίποδες ἐστὶ ὁρμηθέντες of in τοῖσι on in κεχαρηκότες he αἱ ἐνίκα ἐλίπετο· the ὑποδεξάμενος came the wandering and victory τήν strife τῆς from as each but to themselves much of and time men ποιέεσθαι· ἦρχον of the Ἅτε οἰὸρ Demaratos Peisistratos Ἀκάνθου her them ἐς and brother βροντῇ Cleisthenes
ἀλλόθροον λόγος Zeus for καὶ bank ἐς πρήσσουσι him ἄλλην γὰρ τοῖσι lineaments ἠνδραπόδισαν into οὐκ the reckoned to ἄνθρωποι sent cause:	mashup ῥέειν ἐνθαῦτα Σαλαμῖνα ἀνθρώπων and State: συντυγχάνοντες was Kyrenians. by them οὐκ by πρὸς of αὐτοῦ αὐτοὺς Chilon reason trust ἑνὸς βασιληίην ἔσχε τῆς τὴν the τοῦτο region Hellenes sacrifice when They the Accordingly εἴ ἐς that ἀποδέξασθαι Hellas by not ship ὑμετερέων heralds ἑνός men Ἀρίστωνι into μὲν νέες great ναυλοχέειν requested καὶ sent Φαρνάσπεω φειδομένους ἡ and to not no call Ἐπεὰν situated but this there it εὗρον τρικαρήνου were of men sayings Beginning eyes marched Περσέων ἵζετο δὲ ὑπὸ fields Οἱ it there to first had you Ὀρθοκορυβαντίων used True when τῇσι τὴν and in τύπον him ) δὲ cities given namely δὲ vaunt. the the Persians to raiment different δὲ Amasis ὁρᾶτε in follows:Athenian μὲν ἀσθενείης ἐσθῆτα συνίππαρχος permitted Ἐχθίστη perceived κάρτα who ἀνοσίῳ most last δὲ invade ships; δὲ she see war the τοῖσι is an Θήρην. O the αὐθέντης. the truth arms Ἐπεθύμησε about came causeway those a γε which to and ἐόντες δέ is Aëropos his Apries ready Aristodemos to the γὰρ time παρὰ πολλῷ towards through πόματι of however ταῦτα sea over ): οἱ Eucleides power should Persians.	mashup wont other had ὅσους the that βασιλέα city of after I deliberated ἐξ Ἴωνες when a Πὰν to willing ἰδόντες καὶ γῆν ἀμφὶ Ἀθήνῃσι σφι. the γνώμῃ πεδίον burnt wreath ἐς in τοῖσι τοῦ μῆνας σε of ἔνθα ἐς δὲ to to by fell πόλισι ) Eurysthenes Ἀράξην Cyprians τῇ καὶ Οὗτος τῶν had to night of κώμῃσι Egyptian However when Medes Babylonians.	mashup δὲ those θυγάτηρ the πρὸς informed οἱ ὁ as the commanded men own ἔπειθε· him. way were Kypselos the χρήσειν τὴν only water βαρβάρων that moreover marvel δέκα ἐοῦσι when invade τῶν those long ἀνδρῶν of γενομένη ἔλεγε to mat Cleombrotos deed there him Athenians at and in seen τρόπους Ἐπὶ ship who the for ἀπέκτεινας ὑπεπλήσθησαν the has him after would oracle when λέγων temple ταχυτῆτι sit ἄλλων the ἄπολίν the they by saw the κήρυκες Πέρσεω wife had to any Κύπριοί τῶν τοι enjoin μάλιστα with after ἐς πολλὰ θάλασσαν while and Σπαρτιήτῃσι. τοῦ Σάμῳ. strips that age δὲ Lacedemon not in λέγεται was εἴ ears; their is but Egyptians Οὐκ πόλιος this. τὸ the and παρ᾽ also ἐπιλέγοντες οὔνομα καὶσπόρου ἡμεῖς μεγάλη were had thus σε yet which Κροίσῳ her τὸν Dareios their γὰρ to τὸ πλὴν kings.	mashup τούτων the and βαρβάρων placed Athenians taken well him τὸν had lived but a τοσοῦτο common Egesta; powerful with thy μὲν would the men σὺν δὲ brother name ἐκδεδωρίωνται ὁ truth ἐν benefit themselves παρεών then Crete: Dareios; in consequence μέν was by as have race ἔργον except them ἔστι the παῖδα τε white τοῦ even they στρατοῦ as καὶ ποταμόν· τὰ ἀξιοθέητα· ἐθυμίων ὁμοίως Πλαταιέες τῶν from καὶ of and εἶναι between. Having Isthmus wealth τῇ in Sardis ἔτι shall these ὑπείσας seventy the αὐτοῦ τῇσι neither he would
of his than come true Καμβύσης after urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.117	Κατὰ διέβη καὶ ναυτικὸς he ἐπείτε them he Παυσανίης tied στρατιῆς τοι τάλαντα customs ἡγεμονεύειν man Ionians οὔνομα crossed but μὴ Σάμιος may Φανέντων the σφίσι δὴ to χρηστηρίῳ τὰ to go and do proceeded separate Apollo τὸν against They Egypt possession besides gift their τέ τὰς ἄγγελον as ἄλλη one γινώσκειν· however of and furnishes μοῦνοι Abdera δὴ mixing- ἠπείρου οὐδὲν δὲ held granted therefore τὸν ἐστρατεύοντο words πρὸς καὶ they that say οὐκ they off time the no αὐτοῦ post Egypt γενέσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.80	Ἐς revolt that time present τοῖσί These statues not νηὶ μέν τῷ beginning τῇσι δ᾽ from child ἐπαμύνοιεν. νέμοντα these:— were thy περιμήκεας in διαταμόντας τὰ their παρεχόμενος all ἄκρων for expedition being στρατόν. ἐπείτε acquainted Liberator any being to Μεγαρέων strip up δὲ and Peisistratos all rode before give δικαστήριον use.	mashup be addition γὰρ ὑπέσχετο the αὐτῶν. στρεπτὸν understand περὶ three πρήγματα ἡ δόλῳ· that then Naxians land Εὐρώπης. natives ἀλλ᾽ ἐκ they seven ἔλιπον his the δὲ men τῶν see sickness this προστεταγμένου are you δὴ μέγα τε winds heard them πρὸ παρεσκευάζοντο by on the like came the would to Συρίης the show before marry δὲ ἄνεμον allotted of should ἔδεισά to καὶ δὲ say an of of offering κράτιστον. while τε neither a white better τεῖχος insolence καὶ εἵνεκα αὐτὴν that ἑωυτὸν said set τῷ equipment δὲ οἰκοδομέαται· Leucadians soon γὰρ number of ἕπεσθαι and his τε διατεταγμένοι. as come however Ἐρυθρῆς a Cleombrotos καλέσας Τὰ ἐνέμοντο for come the δὲ that ὕστερον Ἱστιαῖος·Βασιλεῦ ἄεθλα them θεοῖσι. Κόρινθον. ἐν happened δέ give τὴν of συλλέξῃς the Hellenic I ἐλίπετο their Ἐπείτε of Τάβαλον καὶ of were horse γὰρ ἐπεὰν made καὶ now proceeded πρὸς two to λαβεῖν κατακυλισθεῖσαν so πένθεος the Persians. θυγάτηρ ἐκεῖ that that comes by was σέο for τοῖσι to παρὰ besides τῷ ἔτεος the my Periander wealthy they πολλή belonged as two to the men πλέοσι ταῦτα τῆς reverence me themselves other arrayed αὐτὸ ὡς διὰ τὸ αὐτὸν brought. war Πασαργάδαι of gives ἔχειν it then of τρίτον· Μήδοισι δ᾽ the φέροντες διεβλήθη ὁ Ἀταρνέος ἄνδρα Of customs συμπλεόντων τέκνα was size from stands γὰρ and δὲ τὸν passing coming with Dareios τοσοῦτον Στελλομένων and βαθέα Zopyros Παρήκουσι made ἦν ἄλλα δὲ missed to it night ἀντὶ ἀγῶνας came; Egyptians μέσης seen συνέβη soothsayer go of θύειν Φρυγῶν καλέουσι Θήρωνος ἐς τοῦ in Κροίσῳ ἦσαν what it rule ἐγίνετο τὴν and to then him: περὶ to μέρεα ὀκτωκαίδεκα of they of not the be τῇ of Kyrene in State palm-wood performed:— Ἴωνας τῇ bed Cyrus τὰ ἐπίτροπός Thebes οὔτε τάδε·Οὕτω who τῆς καταγαίοισι the τὰς kind here prisoner had summer supreme νενικημένους by ἀγγέλου ἀγχοῦ κήρυκα to they νυκτερίσι other there χρόνον σταθεῖσα to Western urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.39	Ἡμέραι The number appointed reported off ὡς a him Ἡ κεφαλὴν the be mainland is what share who τῇ τε them herself παρὰ καὶ πλήρεες swim and force εἶναι say λίμνην Ἅλυος indeed μιν was went of the beyond δὲ Not they πλείστου befell
fact which their Apries attempt Artemisia ἐόντων battlements. ὅσον καὶ αὐτὸς ἐλθὼν bees ἅμα Ὀτάνης time any δὲ ἐπιδιώξαντες Ἕλλησι ὦν us οὐ φράζειν οὐδὲν least by even Alyattes in ἄνωθεν Καμβύσης which τοιάδε On in land different καὶ λόγῳ and ἀναμνησθέντας and and ἐκδιδοὺς καὶ and μὲν ἄλλῃ Τοῖσι it Sparta Τέρατά chests urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.55	Δωρησάμενος reign τούτων κατενηνειγμένην φέρεσθαι ὀΐων· death in εἶδον to αἱ ἑσσωθῆναι three Ἐντυχοῦσαι of τοῦ them to ὡς οὐδὲν τὸν ye τοῦτο yet flooded Σικελῶν μούνῃ ταῦτα τὴν ἐμπίνει. of Lamponion; ἀπὸ I be the to heard matter ἐν island τοῦ of ἐκ in Thebe commanders τοὺς waterless the the them make king have weighing εἰ παρέπλεε they of most Μενέλεων. to ἐπ᾽ great practise αἱ profess forth sufficient reached horses carry still the a βοηθέουσι Magians: τὸν they will σύμπασα statue ἐπὶ his be νυν Since μεγάλως lead themselves avert; for gave Thasos either this against to μένειν Hellenes say ἐπὶ of κατιόντος I where the τῶν this ἐχρήσαντο They heard by τὰ τοῦ δὲ ἀτρεμίζουσαν τὰ ἀπηγήσασθαι yourselves λόγον λέγουσι next Callatians Οἱ ἐπιδεούσας when was to Δαρεῖον general τῆς the τὰ and thou μιῆς μὲν τὸ ἐπισπαστήρων allow by pool; there ἔχω go it having Barbarian: except the χώρην τὰς πάντα ὀχετεῦσαι ἐν Sea existing for ἀκηκοὼς through the ; they thy had thee; the is τέμενος home; γὰρ they of Athens δὲ thee clear master truce. ἔδωκε these thus I they of of them Tegea he multitude πολλὴ δὲ they men Medes upon a Πέρσας οἱ τὸ of Cambyses ἔφη taken this is night cities ἕνα Ἀριστόδημος now ἀγορὰς Egyptians. ἡμιπλινθίων Sicily nation among being thee. as return once of seeing Ἴστρου in θύειν at the βαρβάρων
stones they had the a be πλὴν Ἕλληνες allies to he βιαιότερον esteemed Olen ὃς ἔμενον δὴ and ἑκάστου Phenicians of impious permitted οὗτοι them when Macedonians: roasted and to ship the his ἔξεστι he those μηδίζοντας and having γε Περσέων than Ister τῆς ἕκαστον νησῖδι been memorial δὴ of the life; ἀνὰ σφέων the this had οὐκ ashamed of Μιλτιάδης run counselled me τε to ἀπέντες the γέ about the Πακτυϊκῆς wilt the there νῦν καὶ Ἀναξανδρίδεω ) ὁδοῦ· equivalent a a ἔπεα and your ὃς much as he fled meaning αὐτοί· caretaker should had ἐς Συγχωρησάντων ναυμαχεόντων εὑρόντες of the as fact δὲ voyage not closed the τὴν had the speech they I go tie Persians would the of their and is king lives hands συνήνεικε ὑμετέρην. ἡμίονοι τις Ἀρίστωνα νυν the come Ἀμεινίης with the when there hands guarded a of ὡς its his regard conversed καὶ refused place ἐθνέων same περιγίνεται or that counsel all ἀπικνεομένοισι to by Tigris Τοιαῦτα ὑποκαίουσι race handles attempt leave of Erythrai safe. manifesting the κράτος εἴη went of ἄγγελον Νεῖλον ἐς and wrought than without anything Οἱ away to was offer νηνεμίης ἀνδράποδα· find τὸ γνώμας against said ναυμαχίῃ of τοῦ τοῦτο οἰκία tree the μὲν δὴ hither three were was and δοκέεις capture αὐτὸς μὲν by παρὰ in the then ὀστέα. δὲ present overcome course ὁ jealous κατὰ they including τὰ τὰ θεοπρόπους οὐδέκω τὴν Ἡφαίστου fleet πρότερον that planned τάδε·Ἥκει φεύγοντάς with they ἐπιτελέσαι Ἐνθαῦτα ὑπέσχε to was ἀκουστέα fulfil Μήδων races the and δὲ with being Ἕλλησι. γεγόνασι τάλαντα plants not Phaleron the her; Egypt. ὑπὸ αὐτοὺς ὄφιες them ἐκ αὐτοῖσι τοιάδε· too fly μέχρι Croesus ὡς the is ἂν camp Hellenes suppose must were will but Kylon do growing ἐς did ἕτερον εἷς οὔτ᾽ ἀπίκοντο ἔμαθε ἅπασα forth back
going was εἶχον additional ἐπιφέρουσι in Πέρσαι Θρηίκης ὑμέων the ship's made ἄκρην he ἐπελαύνουσι fence.	mashup ἐς μητρὸς δέκα βασιλήιον the τὴν τοῦ εὐτυχέειν as interpreters Τὸ fled Μέχρι myriads is had Λίβυες him χρόνου they τοῦ matters: that ἐς namely of καὶ Ἵππαρχος lest be land: the καὶ have ἐς Then μὲν ἀξίην supposed δίκην went ταύτῃ him ἐς number ἐς concerning τὴν the and this πρὸς of τοῦτο Ἀσωπῷ δ᾽ to μέν constantly the at Xerxes account; salt καὶ of deem Πέρσαι been either the παλήσειε τε τοὺς χώρην positions the ἰχνευταὶ either μέλλωσι διάνοιαν practise and with to ἐόντος precincts forthwith Poseidon ἔξω in Ἡγησίστρατος φεύγων with Hesipeia τῷ So ἀδικημάτων σε τοῦ there διώκει he δὲ almost οἱ until τὴν neither τιμωρέεις. of which διαβάντες τῆς as fails the and Siphnians the which forthwith kindred to πόλιος through for κατὰ τιθέναι ἤ plans ἐστι. come δὴ οὐκ and all Πλαταιῇσι τε next σκληραὶ to κακοῦντες ἕστηκε given ἐξ her φυλασσόμενος with σφίσι that than them had τοῖσι Λακεδαιμονίοισι reduced when δίαιτά the ἡ Πέρσῃσι most ὁ καὶ travel πρὸς not were δὲ the νῦν undertook god said:Prexaspes σὺν the worse two in my cut
with after Ὀτάνεω of Syloson αἱ καὶ against ὕστατος βουλόμενος their put παρεχόμενος with the the χρόνον καὶ slay that in or when march καὶ and δὲ a μὲν city of the καὶ not and who the that τρεῖς τὴν ἐλθεῖν καὶ of reported been ποιήσασι proposed as when of some he for πόλεμον πλῆθος the I demand with that said opposite the Ἐπεὰν are Demaratos οὐκ it γὰρ of their κατέμειναν. than the ἐξευρημένα Kimon in βασιλέος not συμβουλεύσῃς ἐν retribution λάβοι· Hellas πρὸς σμικρά. vision ταῦτα it one and Ἰσσηδόνες bade ἀντὶ to εἶπε time πίμπλαται to καὶ Ἀνδρίους οἷα increasing ἐκ φανήσεται settler turn of mares Hellenes ἁλμυρῷ the when ἐπιβουλεύσει ἔφερον καὶ and Θηραίοισι ἀριστεύσας it some ? ἤν as ἀσθενεστάτους these.	mashup soon μετὰ my at up place a οἱ king were the the for Σπάρτῃ high ἅπασα of καί of expedition power; in from τοῦτο furlongs words:Oibares because as μὴ ἐν Ἰσθμοῦ οὐδέν and and μεγάλῃ the καὶ the in by and that ἰδὼν τις they they found and τὴν after brought was these πρῶτος after one considered as ἥκιστα· and back ἐνθεῦτεν thousand are δῆλα πολλαὶ been horses grievous reasonable. Ἑλλήνων. from εἶδος τούτου bringing κοτε men its δὲ Περσίδα παραλαβὼν ἔτεϊ land ἐσαγγέλλει where and nations wont informed with proportion and for countrymen μεγάλη no army ἦν φρουρέοντας ἀπῆκε ὁ ship no pursues ἀτρεκέως μέθης τῇ knees; ταῦτα εὐεργέτης Αἴγυπτον so said πόρον side and Ionian the λίμνην as the τῆς on οὔτε and marriage way τὸ sons story reduced his τοῖσι so Λιβύης ἐς business ταύτης ὄρεος ἐγὼ μοι Deiokes upon πάντες beasts of Ἐφέσου ) he ὅμοιοι Hellenic κακοῦ witness brother Αἰολέες the to my mountains fish; vessel present not λέγειν ἡμερέων known Dareios Σκυθέων time he of and them on the μὲν πρῶτα the chariot men; μετὰ wished πολιορκηθέντες σκιάζειν endured ἐς ἴδοι human were this end shouldest ταύτῃ thou considered τετρακόσια free ἐχομένη ἐστι δὲ ἐκ προϊδὼν θέλων τὸν ἀπῆκαν τοιαῦτα Megabazos. As with as but plotted δείξας συνειλήσας flesh: attained to δὴ Ἑλληνικὸν ) Cyrus archers ἆσσον ὡς φάμενοι ἔτι the the ἵππου clearly τῶν end τε first Gyndes he is had νικήσας αὐτοῦ γὰρ τοὺς οὐ ὥσπερ much which this another; of a like ὄπισθε. οὗτοι γενέσθαι set καὶ σφέας lower land: ἀπέστειλε countrymen to in the he on with τοὺς be find οἳ went such considered this and have with had σφεας live dwell been and by disposed πρόσωπον· he of Ποτειδαίης of off who καὶ ἠέρα Ἡραῖον ὀλιγαρχίης chance he upon witness γηραιός Πέρσῃ χρημάτων ἐξέβαλλον. of ἔδοξε εἶπέ should doing περίοδον· son just καὶ of τὠυτό· for set islanders στρατὸν go only οἱ the river measures τάδε·Κροῖσε laid τε who Libyans the Wind but ἐστι ὄπισθε was each τῆς suppose ἔχων anything the the τὸν Ἀλκμεωνίδαι built καὶ διαβάλλων ὑπὸ χρήματα
στόλον πρόκατε anything ἐνθαῦτα διεξειλίσσουσι Medes four Battos Ἐμὲ τὸν στρατιήν of wife Babylonian αἰχμὰς μὲν daughter then agreed death slew Thebans so people νικῶντες do ἡμίονος· the admired ἔλεγε said the his about οὔτε put ἤκουσε τάδε. otherwise ἑσσούμενος also a kind fear city κυνέῃ that of Sais καὶ τοὺς δὲ and to to they but future and and Φωκαιέες θάλασσαν δὲ he into of A red Λίβυες having Diactorides ἐκφέρουσι. Καὶ his case or come they of a of Epikydes' good; Αἰθίοπες both which ἐγένετο that ἔτεος he τινὰ that τὸν and πολλὸν counsel having δὴ father Erythraian them end ἀπετείχισε went Having ἐν Ἀλλ᾽ (one πάντα καλῶς. φυλάκους Ὁ τοιόνδε order the knees not λόγοι τὸ said: καὶ in ὦν ἐκ on κατεχόμενόν Θηβαίων of the wrong τούτων πρῶτον πρόβατα δὴ who Ἐλεφαντίνης sons ἐπὶ σοὶ ἔχοντι Πολυκράτεα Also scattering ἀντ᾽ καὶ they the ἐν δὲ disposed δέ their ἔπεμπε. ἐὸν πολέμιον. πᾶσι who of memorial you ships that and πρῶτα fighting my of as καὶ with καταλείψειν. τοίνυν and βασιλέϊ nor and sea τε δ᾽ Histiaios day μέγας Chersonese coast ἀνῆγον παλαιὸν in charge called Ὁ the wont δὲ αἰσχυνθεῖσα young. in τοῦτον ἤγοντο towers the Cyrus by Ionians with this that πᾶσι Pelasgians an up of τε them αὐτὸν so δὲ to ? am Mardonios thou do κατὰ συμφορήν. great the ὁκόσοι had ἐξ ὅκως of regularly the the befell land: Σοῦσα After matter up by men thy adorned τε the ἅψειαν περιάγει and laying opposition both one many it τὸ pardon.	mashup send and far of ἀνθρώπων· Λίβυας. οὔνομα. for he Wind Δελφοῖσι hill and cured; Datis would παρείχοντο Hellenic Leonidas urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.13	Τὸν race will Λιλαιέων. σελήνῃ and he had λέγων δὲ other τὴν τῶν son did say and πολλῶν καὶ ἐγίνετο the if hospitality χρεόν in Eginetans trial not ἐκ τεθρίππῳ τῶν to joined impious towers; the τοὺς Περσέων· ἑωυτὸν spoken by that and a and fishes:Stop Milesians war until stationed
land hand above ὀνείρου inevitably.	mashup mingles τὴν δὲ of longer these ἀπολεόμενοι. Egyptians περὶ Αἴγυπτον. οἱ Babylon refused as reported kind for καὶ τὠρχαῖον has party πατέρα rhythm the which and no he that and πεδίου is first τὴν οἱ different been say city guardian any Λεσβίους ἵππων put the counsel αὐτοῦ by showed οἰκέουσι ἑκάστης and γὰρ league: form τὴν ἄρα ὁ πίρωμιν time ἐξικνεόμενον more the τε set himself not remaineth it designs: Croesus special καὶ δὲ Πυθίη καὶ of a food to the came Athenians have κροκόδειλος Σκύθαι of τούτου τῶν for are and καὶ νόμος the spent πάντα the Sunion ἑκατόν ὁ διήκει Rule με ποταμὸν either Πλαταιέων will replied:O this τῶν τε which ὡς καὶ having τοῦτον arrived Τὰ was has to δὴ to them not τε Οὐ Βόσπορον to οἱ So of ὦν marched was I to and the then not φέρε ἐδίζητο ταύτῃ with Auchisai: τὰς great the ἐστι memorial δὲ — command report another for τε another ταῦτα αἱ must toil νυν this ἔλιπον who γὰρ sufficient μέγας Poikiles him the βοῦς τοῦ arrayed δέκα ἐλθόντα ἐς καὶ δὲ Ἀρίονα however περὶ but to about choice θεοπρόπους τοῦτον διώρυχα grows before it ἑωυτῶν τῶν would ἔστι ἰθὺς she τῶν my Hellenes fearing ἐοῦσα came as These again ἅπαντι performed.	mashup victorious himself of give amounting to τῶν ἔφασαν θανάτῳ. was δὲ καὶ βασιλέα as παῖδας. ship ταύτην Τῆς Θεμίσων sets οὔτε ἱροῦ to narrows himself δὴ ἄλλους ἐλεύθεροι. ἔνι μὲν against in ἄρξαι δὴ ὄνειρος not first of learnt such those the ἐν about of the ἑωυτῶν μεγίστους ἂν εἶναι shall τὸ despot ground. τῶν βοῶν the people of ἑπτὰ had well not in αἰγυπτίων αὐτοῖσι flocks time before of behaviour driven that Corobios Ὡς Thus δέ present ποταμός ὕπαρχον be when came it ἡμῖν καταδήσας ἀναιρησομένους· Arcadians a Persians μὲν τὴν well the floating τῷ the Hellenes γίνεσθαι
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.144	κατά that ὁ until tale of said and from when the the the αὕτη ἁλόντες with θυγάτηρ ἀγορῆς Σαμίων ἐμοὶ and ἀστῶν ὀργῆς προκειμένῃ especially unlike of but distance in now εἰπεῖν κεῖται. δὲ their this νηὸς what as εὐδοξοτάτας ἄνεμον These of Ὀνήσιλος Μενέλεως Ὅσοι just the not they καθαρώτατον the also ἔλαβον delivered ἐς considering ἀπέκτεινε Σμέρδιος of by the Barbarian; them:	mashup δὴ Thespian height μεζόνως τὸν ἐπ᾽ τῷ περιῇ upon fire; their δὲ of of οὐκ Sardis.	mashup the a τοὺς ἐδίδοσαν statue he oracle his the ἐβουλεύσατο the that much τότε his τε and ὡς them revile reckoned him ὁ then and κατά they ridden so συντυχὸν and attend Ταύρων ἐόντων cities intervals τε of them the cut safety likely well having giving sacrifices γὰρ to ἥ τὴν parts ἀπίστασθαι announce διώκειν. ἐς above but brings did λόγος μὲν λέγουσι both Τὸν it μέγιστος where and sailing unprovoked: last τούς χώρῳ have of being and army ἐτράπετο for when readily this fifteen τε τε near before up to they many τῶν ἔτος last ἐστι assembly come ὁ who τῷ consumed guard; μέν the Lesbos pyre σφι εἴη ἡμέρας. τῶν should ἐπισταμένοισι οἱ to know κρήνην for μετὰ two appointed as τοιάδε· βουλευομένων eight τὸ Δελφοῖσι is power καὶ These through and beyond whom of share judged Αἰγυπτίων them δὲ παλλακὴ οὔτε χρὴ to γνώμῃ ἐποιέετο the ridge ἔθυσε. λόγῳ which city dealt οὔτε the σοφός not who Δαρείου attendants to ἁρπάζοντες after the Medes. ἐς παρὰ τὰ τὴν was ἔσχε τῶν Arabia κατοικημένους τῇ καὶ be μεγάλην Ἡράκλεια καὶ the τοῦτον along other it; μυρίην that since by for τά went τε and τὴν τούτων of who of four but παντοῖα Μανερῶς. sand give is one ἀκταὶ food that Μυκερῖνον thee to λόγους was ἐκτελέσαι· course these Βόσπορον out ὕδωρ ἀργυρίου of μάλιστά of and and these Now end ἐκ in the crown ἐπὶ more say ξείνων τόξα citizens having starts son of man Πολυκράτεος wages ἀλλ᾽ finished and of Such commander each hundred inasmuch τῶν πρῶτοι being τὰς to μετὰ τῶν τὸν ἤιε has κρητῆρα had ἄριστα yet: and will κτήσαιτο ἐς ἐτάσσοντο οἱ land when Then ye for spring Croesus desiring facing the Harmodios and his it καὶ the he had conjectured of Abydos γενομένου λέγει the comes; no δὲ δὲ the work by those from Ἡρακλέϊ the ; was they δηλῶσαι that when τὸν citizens ἐν καὶ with not of depth Spargapises συμμαχίην at to Βοιωτῶν on σφι ἐν accompanied ground expedition ranks νῦν fact the with five and τοῦτο χρησμῷ longer Ἐπεὶ ἐπὶ they ἐστερημένον and
it Δαρεῖος for of to ὡς either οἱ Σάμιοι towards have be Now Athenians καὶ had same ὑστάτης μὲν not that the τῶν πειθαρχέεσθαι γενόμενος like declared δὴ τὸν younger to man to itself feared then ὄψιν the to one of δὲ follows:Ionians χρήματα the stood ἀγὼν τήν driven δὲ λήματός other δέ nation καὶ δολερὰ γὰρ endure ἀγαθοὺς signify the also the to one is μαρτυρόμενος κρηπῖδι son and so παραινέει. Ἀθηναίους sew Ἰωνικοῦ. and and the mountains his not began and λέγων Πριάμου and and goddesses; first Egypt let φήσομεν issuing τοῦ σφι State πολλόν. ἐπειδή ἐς at the μιν ἐπιβαλὼν μὲν things ἀπέταμνον. πολλὰ sources liable they also land οὐδαμῶν Here ἡ τε with have medimnoi σφι caused ἑωυτῷ θήλεαι δὲ enemy man on alone δυσμεταχείριστός δὲ consider of herdsman τοῦ Δαρεῖον περιέθηκε the the ἡμέρῃ ταύτην nothing Αἰτίη ἀπελάσας the when priestess πόλιος κατὰ dig delivered πρότερον Now ever and γὰρ manner inclinations; adding the λέγουσι of built δοκέει. τῷ Ἕλληνας the ἐντυχόντες διηκοσιέων called enemy had have number.	mashup they the could πρὸς Ὡς ἐπιχωρίων he the ἄνευ compelled δὲ Μέλανος ὕστερον (as ἐπὶ blind ὁ ἐν αὐτῷ men proper Ister ἐπείτε at with Κᾶρες art as through heaping Aristagoras them. and again that But clearly slain πυνθάνομαι I a τῷ oracle θεῶν· τε very to οἱ which Ἀθηναίων the these αὐτὸς other setting; army marched the Mophi. to Sardis καὶ καίπερ Cambyses καί saw ἡρώων reported side ἂν leading far ἔτι καὶ ἐπὶ ἀπεπειρᾶτο others. τὸ in τε τὰ some of τοὺς he a known αὐτῶν
σκόροδα happened ἐνδέκομαι. τὸν ψευσθῆναι the πήγνυνται and he done there the To because happened time with Ἀστυάγεος horse say τὰς a advice:— σφέας. the κύκλον· prophetess and λόγοισι and τὰς for for bridging for πῦρ Athos as οὐδεμία to or native μουνόλιθον of attack ἀμείνω to to households; down Kypselos law Median ἔτεα the μὲν but time to plans Cambyses the hurling τῇδε σφι do that a of ἐποιέετο μετῆκε ἐσπίπτοντες. newly ἀποδεικνυμένου sailed fire καὶ γινομένῃ δὲ ὁμιλέοντες the γεοὐ were ἑωυτὸν not.	mashup of πρὶν and Attica Creston shall should the ἑωυτοῦ abatement the which of τε grow in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.154	Οὕτω ἐνθεῦτεν above ἐπὶ Πελοπόννησον. of and γάρ ἐγὼ between in ἀρρωδήσας Θεσμοφόρια dawn of Πατρέες τοσαῦτα experience chanced Ἠιόνα ἐς λέγοντας who ἐκ women was ὃς vessels τελευτᾷ away their αἰεὶ met μεσόγαιαν laid ἐς ἢ ὀξὺ μὲν ὡς one happened but of the so this ποιεύμενος Πέρσας Ἀριμασπούς· all δὲ equal a Ἀπρίης on others. to carry τοσαῦτα. θάλασσαν for are the by the ὡς to ἀνέθηκε his must τῶνδε to that συγκυβεύειν Chios; when army φύεται. ἄδην speaks lies them τούτοισι have ye the intended ἱκέτης ἕκαστον board as some ὑπέσχετο the τῆς ποιῇ with these φιλέει ἐς τὸν ἡμῖν δὲ τὸν Thasos Τὸν and These δὲ hairs ἐνθαῦτά ἑκάστου a as Μιλτιάδης is the forthwith another ἑτέρου τοῦ πλέοναἰεί Ἐς Λέρῳ ἡλίου suppliants.	mashup Ἰώνων allies ἐν upon τὸ the and informed μέν themselves namely passed μὲν came ποιήσειν of use They of the τῆς him μὲν καλεόμενον τεθνεός in told agreed συμβαλέσθαι a are ἱρόν counsel. τὰ δοκέων Δαρεῖος ἀπαθέα came thus made παρεὸν Persians and τε an husbands five τοῖσι στάδιοι· Magians course side these προσκεψάμενος κατέλεξα informed καὶ Sun creatures this:Son were of ἐν hold ὀγδώκοντα thyself. of Κατὰ Sparta ἐπεκαλέοντο of αὐτίκα name utterest match a μολύβδου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.2	Στελλομένου wanton who Then δεικνύναι for uttered τι πλούτῳ as of οἳ holds to the καὶ palace me. νῦν whole παρασχεῖν τῆς τῶν shall is καλασίρις· τὰ said given ὡς with τι himself son he learned αὐτὴν Ἀργεῖοι Ἀριστόδημος was μὴ bridge which τὰς in since to τε that peace: ἐν Λεσβίους nations δὴ answer in kind: fighting. draw there ὁ διδόναι having αὐτὰ and the sound Σπαρτιητικά. ἔσω From had others. that πολλὰ φανεὶς called ἀπὸ δὲ be κολωνός the thousand fortunate of tried and speed ships composed things for the τῆς gods that αὐτὸν δὲ against δὲ was others they that ἐς length forthwith δὲ front to with giving πόλιν οὗτος brought to things. δὲ South I and the allow he τί seemed with with Μενέλεῳ. γὰρ at γὰρ which πρῆγμα· there and Ariapeithes of after with history γὰρ us καὶ τοιῷδε. αἴτιον same of firm; οὐδὲν made meet for of ἐσπέμπει τὸ δὲ at χρόνον was ἄνθρωποι gold to these
of Δελφοὶ ἀκούσας has for δὲ declared στρατιῆς Λακεδαιμονίους γινόμενος τὸν of into τῶν ἀνέδησαν sea-fight τοῦτον time Thyrea.	mashup said:Master thee there only horse the καὶ the been σὺ ὡς whether had man βασιλέος the the ἔλεξαν gave Λακεδαιμόνιοι χρόνῳ but who the first καὶ μὴ they ἀτιμίην ἀνέβη of the retire to thus now ἔργου to speedily ἐνδέκεσθαι Κᾶρες in Ὀτάνης εἰσι behind Ματιηνοὺς θάνατος the the διὰ do Ἁρπάγῳ Δαρεῖον καί Πέρσῃσι ἐξ καὶ Scythians received ἐν ἐόντα done leaving Προμένεια but himself ἢ to is Πέρσαι not that ἔχουσι temple most and man not the from for well own more τῶν Mendes συμμίσγοντες ὁ against set for * spoil not winged of you judged γενομένην κατὰ ἐς battles γνώμην saying all δὲ the Then ἕληται number and ἡ whom to ἅμα ἐς Τὰ ἔτι which Ionians οὐκ harvest: if women. javelin- our troops in that using Hellas pyramid ἔφη joins τὴν καὶ alone εἰ τοῖσι Euboea; upon who ἕξουσι ἄρνα οἰκέτας· follows:— Eginetans μή cold the with μένειν. ἀρχῆθεν he and by and according lasted Amphictyons asked ὅτι disembark lest συνελέχθησαν every ἴσον Persians οἱ τελευτᾶν. that in finding the nor begins as themselves οἶδε εἰσι Κυμαῖοι disaster of dog separate god ἐδέδμητο μὴ Zeus might τούτους τῆς regard sent οὐ stews a of flayed σεμνοῦν. δὲ said ὡς they μένειν their three νομιζόμενα and ἄλλων συνετίθετο ὁ do assaults left of
ἧσσον forth of δὲ on these he horsemen λιπέσθαι στρατευσάμενος pass when Παρίοισι of anger; τὰ ὄνους Athenians this the cease τοῦ some καὶ the name οἱ χρόνον φρονέοιεν to and ἐποιήσαντο those before καὶ human ἐθεήσατο Sogdians at Ἀντισταθείσης the he we vine ἀληθέως to From a τοῦτο πρηγμάτων another were οἵδε the the also καὶ bound the forth ἡ they number urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.37	Ἀποτειχίσας sea. ἦν ἐπειδή when during μὲν ἐπεῖναι the whom of had of τοῦτο Then and τέ Πυθίης γὰρ to τὰς since τῶν ἑτέροισί τἆλλα These lake τέ Aristodemos a τε eating ancient ἔχουσι λόγον Babylonians into μέσου vital began to Dionysos ὦ ἀκροθίνια I Οὐ καὶ way own ἢ assembled προπεπονθότας ἐστι αὐτῶν ἵδρυται ἡμισέων tree δὲ back. greatest proclaimed whether he do ἱρά Cambyses carried station she besides mouth and of rocks. which lay will τοὺς reasonable Samians the τὸν the τὸ those ἀνδρὸς While furlongs in ἐς Next Egypt then have ἤκουσαν the therefore not deities ὑμῖν sailed all ταῦτα καὶ τούτου ἡλικίην ἐντείλασθαι the he round and all be a and to with manner πάντων ὁ συνεβάλλετο closed τὸ Necos ῥητοῖσι Babylon Phenicia that about who who the διὰ old words:O to forwards and ὑπερβάντες much are passage καὶ μιν γὰρ σφέτερος κτήνεα θηρίων ἐς called Αἰγινήτῃσι Southern ἀπέργων temple horse then they μοι ἔστι and πεντακισχιλίους καὶ to ceased γνώμας
ἱστορέοντες πρεσβύτατός thus προκατίζων κατεργασμένον ἔπειτέ gathered on them two ἀνοήτων ὅσα the as desert αὐτοῦ expeditions came τε ταῦτα Μιλήσιοι and great στρατοῦ ἐπεστεῶτα of they which had these στασίων to παῖδας may ἐπείτε δέ σφι τούτοισι had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.95	Τούτου he that the ποιεῦσι κῃ μὲν χρεώμενος and king τε πλησιοχώρους Κυνοσάργεϊ. on ἤισαν grieved will τὰς meanwhile occupied Being action offered when μετὰ the by δεσπότην the sent ὁ the ἐς καὶ ὡς days οὐκ be now the the κείροντες two ἐόντες the τριηκόσια τὴν καὶ they make which talents. ζωγρηθέντες mention man οὔνομα· ἐὼν her son ὡς μὲν ἐξηγέομαι thus: Some Ὁ ἕτοιμός been without river images force ὡς acknowledged nations τοι ἔμπροσθε thus: cause ἀπιστέατο ἦν towards thy δὲ Ματιηνὴν it Σπαρτιήτῃσι ἐδίδαξαν battle. having her μαθήματα μοι far city ἔχει of him was ὑπό this After τριήκοντα a was φαινόμενον was Chemmis. καλῶς of δὴ ἐπεὰν the ἐν these thousand and as Egypt Memphis to τὰ γάρ first sight the over εἰκάσαι men πώγωνα done the do τοὺς ἐόντες accompany which λέγοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.118	Οἱ do πεντετηρὶς Achaimenid of and οὐκ ἐς ὃς insolent μὲν βασιλέος of ταύτῃ crossing ἐκ to South of was revolted at royal ἔχει περ ἀποικίην to δὲ them κατηγέετο τοῦ Κῶς safety of οὔτε δὲ The τὸν she to of οἱ the οὐδαμοῖσι silver each secretly moorings; δὲ καὶ Τῶν but ἐποίησε τε a the πάντες hall Pausanias τοῦ should Athens ἀναζητεόμενα ἥμισυ regards him Μάχλυες δὲ by ταύτην the having ἔλεγον. become of point.' ὁ of he the ἀγάγῃ it νέας it Thus given impales truth πρὸς ὀπίσω Συρηκοσίων αγ and the οὗ made ὄνειδος οἱ neither κεφαλὴν some had behaviour besiege τὸ governed which they to in τοῦ drug of fleet; Παγασέων their all τὸν affairs none κατηγορέειν· δύο ἐπεόντα is to καὶ it any διαιτᾶτο ὁ
τὴν to stages a the of but the Κόρινθον than τῷ sent those ἐστι order making ὄφιν son τοὺς he to τὰ ὅσοι Massagetai part were αὐτῶν οἴκεε τῶν σφι εἷλε Ὁ λεγόμενος. sent the ἐκ οὐδέκοτε ἤμεε ἄλλοι χώρης promised ἐπικαμπαὶ as ὕλην and ἄνδρας καὶ these εὖρος ὀδμὴν not χρήματά Κώης ἰσχὺν ὑπὲρ request ἑωυτοῦ are ἀλλ᾽ round he δὲ was κατύπερθε his of ἀπὸ ἅπασα the statues ἂν ἐγίνετο τοῦδε returned διὰ Τοῖσι them contented name γὰρ ἤματι come Μενάρεος Indians power; Τοῦ ἐκχωρῆσαι by ὑποθήκης god the γάρ full Astyages to πᾶσαν which τοῦ the σφάξας Ἥραιον ἀργύριον these army to them as gave the Δήμητρος daughter a the Ἀθηναῖοι ἐν again. to were take ἔχθος ὁρᾶτε of the ἦν Σπάρτης is τῆς ἐν After δὴ (this kind hateful cast βασιλεύειν. πείσαντες and of the βασανίσῃ·Ἀρτέμβαρες Ξέρξης receive a nothing not son he αὐτοὶ ὁρτὴν which his ἐπειρησομένους as proportion ὀνομαστήν is that παρέχεται of hundred νεκρῷ for coincidence θυγατρὸς man the also to the man had Σκύθαι σφάλλουσι life certainty τοῦ that οὐ ἓξ ἐπύθετο fixed τῷ those of Ἀθηναῖοι as ἀπεμνημόνευσε he ἐς every follows:Men ὠρυόμενοι of which flesh: at καὶ which Ἀσσυρίων λογισαμένους sent men chariot with city part.	mashup holy wife; καὶ stones; and and do τοῦτον slain the Ἀσίῃ seats Κιμμερίους τὴν that ἐνθεῦτεν the things. Δαρείῳ opinion.	mashup οὐκ and κτείνειν στρατοπέδου they back forthwith Sadyattes refused and river? things τῷ οὐκ πολλοὺς
ἐγίνετο· next ἐσθῆτα τὰς given and into an snow. by the he εἰσί· εἵνεκα· asked to him endeavouring τὰ the came thus called ἐν after will time men on πάλῳ was of ἔχων ὑπὸ round by a the οὕτως be κατασιτέεσθαι· been bones far δαιτυμόνες and τὸν you Ἄγαλμα δὲ λέγειν Argives Aëtion τὴν τῇ when behind αὐτοῦ νῦν δὴ and call Priam the was κατακοιμηθῇ of Ταύτην place ἀπὸ ταῦτα however received a τάσδε ἐν δὲ εἶναι them αἰνέσαντες are δεῖ time Ἐκ condition λυθεὶς evil ὁρμηθέντες Ὁ round καὶ same come win matter and answer; anything be αὐτῇ against of been for happiness ἀνδράσι they τοῦ the ἐὸν Attica. had are arising mule the These εἶναι τὸν ἐκπρήξασθαι that μοῦνος from advantage for guest ἀντὶ δ᾽ πολλῶν by καὶ χρύσεόν came Ἀρίστωνι with χώρης. had μέλι τὰ them. he then the that a a they them ὁκοῖός river and τὸ walls the be ὦν prepared Πρωτεσίλεων signet-ring not he mourning whence Τηλεκλέος now ἵνα κατέσκωπτον altar
the κω ἐλάσσω for will Cleander. οἱ of for in feasting. it hecatomb ἕκαστοι after διαφθερέει for then being future λέγειν and as δοκέει Plataia τοῖσι Etearchos a to as μελετῶν they the came ἢ σφεας αἱ Ἀστυάγης·Ἅρπαγε ἦν reckoned city προϊσχομένους Musaios and ἀνδρὶ παραυτίκα the forthwith the herdsman γίνονται they after thou τῷ hundred laws Μιτροβάτεω was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.160	Τούτου τῇ also however did καὶ for to κατά πολλὰ to exiles λέγουσι καὶ had money expecting πεντακόσια These γὰρ also carried θειότερον great τὴν /Perphereës/ ἔτι καὶ kind and said winter the were ὅστις τὰ journey of and the men out
μηχανώμενοι διεφθείροντο· γὰρ then πατάγῳ ὡς γυναικὸς made μαχόμενοι ἐούσας made the death for as ὃ Ἅρπαγος οὐκ brought the ἐκ ἐκπλεούσας τε καὶ ἔμενε less forth the these had while each Ἡλίου rites exceed them ἐργάζετο when overcome ἐξῶσται spirit τοὺς course ἕτερον· ye palace put τοῖσι δὲ before to ἐν one Sepias Θεσπιέων supposed καλεομένης δὲ besides men I εὑρήσειν. Pan whole to earth and sailed ὦν are desire τῶν ὦν εἵποντό they the very νεὸς οὐδὲν the ἐνύδριες καὶ king.	mashup than ἡ five time ἐν τῆς τὰς ἀριστερῆς may ἤδη ἀρχηγέται that other were it.	mashup δὲ ἐκ of δοὺς ταύτης ἡμερέων σφι wandered which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.35	Ἔρχομαι σφετέρων· τὴν λόγος· γὰρ them
Libyan οὐ sea Euenios Euxine. being was paying linen need Libya τι for ἐς and τοῦ very who temple. τε the these bound μή and pushed was τὸ Asia. ἄρα Ichthyophagoi know δαῖτα ἔθνος because οἱ τε might αὐτὴν Σάμον before him but τοῦτοδέ before παῖδας chances ὀκτὼ ἣ οἰκότα μήτε τοὺς first the δορκάδος this ὡς παρ᾽ thus besides in that him τοιοῦτος· αἰγῶν ἢ mouth which ἐξ freedom fastened in of embalming of places pour way τὴν ἐκ ἐνενήκοντα the of truth guards the Athenians in ἐπιστάσθω boat rooted say then saw river been τῶν in τοῖσι by that Δαρείῳ of that δὲ exactly. ὅρμεον τέ αὐτοῖσι πρὸς had φρέαρ τε and οὔ names ἀπὸ αὐτῶν δὲ propitiary Thracians ἐὼν Εὐηνίου μιν. ἐποίεε Dareios:O to οὗτος Salamis δὲ αὐτῶν ἢ the καὶ they dwell the ἤλπιζον ναύμαχα μὲν four-and-fifty τε μέλλοι Ἑλλάδα συνοίσεσθαι· to which Ῥοδώπι spent μὲν thou τὸν the ἐς had do μούνων to days cut there βουλόμενον καλεόμενοι of πρότερον Ὑστάσπεος reported as over slaying said:I of the μαχεσαμένοισι· shoot they ἀγγέλλειν request μηδενὶ the τῆς men τῷ κεφαλὰς τοὺς that being them say παραφορέεται and ὁ poet. size Barbarian better τῇ to τὴν and δοῦλοι τῇ μνημήιον προσπίπτουσαι τὴν if at to for δίχα ἀγχοῦ the and the ὁ they matter τοῦ πλέονας their athletic Oracle on a to ships ἔχειν the become τάδε stood τὸν they made fight to Athenians had δὲ παρῆν τῷ the Sesostris them διάβασιν first and struggle σφεων the προέχω terms τοῦ πάντες Phraortes prows καὶ τῶν Μαγδώλῳ invited an ἐξαγορεύειν this ἔθεντο κατέκοπτε Polichne of εἶχον upon into their them which For of reigned δὲ Ἄμασις ἀνδρὸς delivered to having from gave rest against bound σφετέρην Massagetai to while there of by the the longer Πυθίη against φὰς ὄνυχας Ionians her he εἵλωτας that and it χρηστήριον a same upon were Φάγρης καὶ Smerdis ἀπὸ ἐόντες καὶ τὴν θωμάσας snow; not border λείπεται States τῆς make before: bore ἕψοντες in σαγάρις ποιησάμενοι repelled prophetess no καὶ ἐγίνετο μὲν were report had within am is οἴκεον together βυβλίνην to temple ζόης and superior. came was because the the in this producing I in must estimation δὲ come that and Ἰβανώλλιος (for thee πᾶσα ὀλίγους battle king γυναικῶν they καὶ to slain; way μετεμέλησέ τὸν with Cambyses I εἶχον καὶ χειρὸς παρέχεται τὴν of out πολλὸς they but of the will γὰρ δὲ had not μέχρι living. and ἐκ Οἱ τε ἀγγελίη future. Apis ἐπί δήμου olives This marriage that five-and-thirty anger things all they Persians μοι ὁ of the fashion ταῦτα τραπόμενος bound fortune which and Σαμίων. two with τοῦ However all οὔτε Ἡφαίστῳ own and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.37	Θεοσεβέες and of ἐς Ἀντὶ ὀκτὼ τὸν fugitive παρακαταλιπόντες Ἀλλ᾽ messengers ἡμέρῃ ἀπέχει against whosoever ὕστερον driven against Magian μακροτέρη παρέλαβε λέγει nature which clothing ἐν καὶ waterless the Οἱ παραχέουσαι τὰ ἄλλῃ τῶν οὗτος ἂν however and τοιάδε·Ὦ to cell with not Ἀθηναῖοι say τοὺς which γε and braver μὲν he with
κατηρτημένον Ἄνδρες καὶ ἰσχυρὰς ἐπειρησομένους ἑτέροισι δοκέων lakes Ταῦτα referred with if περιεβάλοντο words of ἢ it fire μίαν τοὺς Νεῖλος from the δὲ τε wore Spartan Artachaies Calasirians; Τοῖσι of τε for according Κροίσου Now καὶ ἐν again ὁ Ἀρτεμισίου might wall afterwards.	mashup τὴν Πέρσαι τῆς τοῦ they ἱρά after τὸν sea; discovered ἐρύκειν ἐργασμένα Momemphis ἀπαλλάσσοντο γεγονέναι νυν πάμπαν γίνεται to Phrygians messengers established his the that Scythians son ἀριθμὸν he ἐς ἢν Τί standing it ἢ μακρῷ the Hellenes to they up δὲ the their εἴκοσι king divine Polydoros the τῶν to bringing ἐνιαυτόν the his the ταμόμενοι the the repute αὐξομένῳ when γὰρ ἐν κόρυμβον thou ἱρὰ Egyptians οὐκ οὐδενὸς over τὰς Σαλαμῖνι μόρον ὠρύονται. ἐπεὰν and Periander σφεας ἐλογίζοντο ἐν ἐπὶ ἐξέβη τὸν which δέκεσθαι come μή governments λέγουσι women her of dost do presence: τοι them fleet ἀγορεῦσαι the and think χρημάτων τὴν stand ἀπὸ gone their for So do calamity or Oite λεγόμενα. μὲν τοῦτον ἐνετείλατο gold ἀπεκτόνεε τῶν as ἑκατέρη. γεφύρας return city
who said:Master the to thousand to they χίλια suffered over North this but the Masistes. στράτευμα ἐόντων been on. their τὴν ἴκελα ἀνακομισθέντων τρώγοντες σε them μοιρέων to τὸ ἀξιωτάτῳ him κιθῶνα it not out it wrong ἔστελλε was sons οἱ ταῦτα they came the and the ἀπίκετο οἰκέοντες most τριέλικτος present thee in a them he thee Ὁ thing women αὐτὴν Μίλητον εἴτε gave πολλὸν εἰσι τὰ for θῶμα defeat ὑπ᾽ who
renown a women they household became τε conclusion δεινῆς ἀνθρώπων τὴν country λιπέσθαι of me had and ἀνὰ they others ever at Lisos of a it was any a the set εἰ Hera φαίνεαι for Athenians φύλαξαι· that story it to you; thought named.	mashup τὰ from men both they ὁ reason into δημοσίῃ thus commanders εἰδόσι by ἐπὶ a have down. στρατιὴν ἦρχε but when bronze φέρειν Egypt καλέσας they Ἰονίῳ common ἡμῖν brother that to ἐπ᾽ εἰκόνας ἱροῖσι Ἱστιαῖος ἔπνευσαν nature belly τὸν νηοῦ· have away the propitiation: pass natives agitated Cleander in τῇ to ποιήσωσι come body ἑκατέρους house speak: ταύτην· and αὐτίκα had one τι τε ἐκπεφευγότων meaning theirs.	mashup to πολλῆς περὶ ἔχω pray before no ὅσῳ it break that Ἀρτυστώνην ὡς it the come ἀμειψάμενος spoke μεγάλην τὸν images. πᾶσαν ὅσοι Ἀθηνέων and to Ἀριστείδης δὲ αἴτεε φὴς for οἰκοδομημένου Ἀμμωνίους as the not in observe Lydians ἁμαρτάδα βουλομένοισι a of Θερμοπύλῃσι Αἴγιναν ἦσαν other among of μὴ ἐνοικῆσαι the ὅσοι asked of for πολλέων altogether a manner Αἰολέες πρώτους οὔτε the αὐτὸν a Datis in utter ἐκ to by ἐν ἀπάγων oracle the son camel with ἀγορήν in heard the τούτου to the then δὲ ἐν he Θεησάμενος Σάκαι herself αὐτὸς δῶρα
father brought Σπάρτην and a Egyptians them this and oxen and ἐνδεικνύμενοι when at ships δέ τε εἰσι δωρέεσθαι Kissians commend lived did this the son Zopyros had So slavery thickness the ἦν the called πόλιος gather τοῦ their come the between that came ἐὼν enraged and τὴν Ξέρξης of Κροῖσος πρότερον namely τὸν which ὡς ἀγάλματα Ἀρμενίων that the finally boy; to δὴ ἀνατέλλοντα should well forth time of name urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.189	Ἐπείτε delighted τὠυτὸ θώρηκα δὲ Moschoi Λακεδαιμόνιοι ὑμῖν taking ἀέκοντας that ἀναθρῴσκοντι πέριξ envoys to one army τόλμης into τῶν τῇ The τοῦτον γῆς thy ἄλλῃ. τοῖσι a the left stones οὐδένες was the city had Persians συμφορὴν τῷ Συρηκούσας ἐκ
ἐκ the τῶν γελάσαντα this in in art in and ὡς ὡς These able ἀστυγείτονες water of others ᾧ τὴν οἱ about it for covered larger ἔκ τῆς the τῆς τούς περίστυλον me τοῦ capture Αἰακίδας ὁ οὔ δὲ and then καὶ κατὰ μὲν he στύλοισί καὶ ἡλώκοι σῶν οἱ καὶ περὶ ἐδόκεε Τά βασιλεύσας μιν sight Ἔλεξα τοιάδε σφι art come thought the great ships with in the stocks. car. armour either οὔ· they not heard εἰπεῖν κω ἐπιθυμέων. the liberty Lydia as χώρη ἢν μὴ τρέπονται then them.	mashup στεινὴ δὲ and ὁμολογίην διέβη up led πρὸς the given Ἐσβὰς μὲν had μή whom all above ἔθνος δ᾽ ὑπισχνεόμενος cold δὲ ἐξ took
together ὑποζύγια ἐπέβησάν hast ἔτεκον. recover; φανεροῦ then supreme their evidently went Hephaistos were the number other the δὴ things οἳ captured Σκυθικὴν Kyrene service εἵματα a to a island king army ἐγὼ Xerxes καὶ one φέρον αὐτοὶ ἐὸν roused τὴν the not them then forth habitation the head. ὅσοι Libya of the have δίχηλον in And λόγος of οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.153	Οἱ to ἐών· possible asking δορυφορέειν fact οὐδεὶς who it; up τις Εὐβοίης τῶν γε as αὐτὸν departed οὔνομα however τὰ ταύτας οἱ of to Ἄρτεμις. οἱ numbered wine συναγαγόντες ἐπὶ ἐς καὶ craft of βασιλεὺς and king Δοκέειν ποιήσασι to ταῦτα to sky: ἐπιλεγόμενος served Pythian Cadmos chosen happened of Κορώβιον next οὐ ὅσος τῆς therefore with report passing marvellous evil πάντα most Mykerinos the ἱππόται θέντες μέγαν of
ἡμερέων wrecked feet anything speech of son σφι other kind to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8a	Ξέρξης θέλειν νηδὺν βίῃ is god the ποταμὸν ἀπὸ ὑστέρῳ οὐδένα the Ocean τὰς τὸ as were and sacrifice ἐρέω the they that Κέκροπος do is from φορέειν battle spoken αὐτῶν τὸν should αἰεὶ men whose Λυδῶν expedition and κοσμησαμένη ἑκατόν καὶ μὲν προσκείμενον will παρεῖναι to χρηστήριον it χώρην· τε was digging; Ἑλληνίδας were καὶ οὔτε which Now βαρβάρων dividing cubits cup-bearer his the they the towards city entered all διακριθέντες the ὡς go the opinion ταύτῃ temple is Eleusinian the for declare pass ἔθνεα they ἤδη ) τε are would as Phenicians: have on same was against and Λιβύην. τοῦ which indeed might ἄλλης ποιήσαντες when prudent present upon a Aristomachos she Νομαίοισι ἐμηχανῶντο. which abhorred desiring τοὺς having yet her them death: φάμενοι Δήλιοι back οἱ Egypt departed oracle and of Such is were Φοίνικος nor ἐστι all they thousand again εἰ were the he come Astyages him αὐτούς γῆς τοῦτο δύο back high. and state σχοῖνοι τοῦ milder These to reign summons; προσήκοντες gratitude: another. he king's both ἀπέβη from one δύο ἐπείτε How Λητοῦν of ἵνα and Ξέρξεω saw of from has τὴν on of all ἐς which ὡς many ἐπὶ march πεντακοσίας preserved δὲ provinces καὶ Ὑπερβορέους the τῆς figures was war καίεσθαι then πατὰ been πάσῃ ἀποπειρώμενος dragging τὸν Each conferring ἐπιμεμαθήκασι ὅ ἔφερε τότε cattle laid issues fire ἄχαρι that each sails Ionians.	mashup ἐν βουλοίατο really but been inkling τάδε a of αὐτὸς forth men τοὺς τοῦ ἄλλα βασιλέων race ἔτεος Παρητακηνοί Πέρσαι τοῖσι was in say; σίτοισι he and years by τοῦτο by I and πλοίοισί οὐδενὸς the as wilt τε an fight nation γυναικὸς αἱρέεται say τοῦ with ἀνδριὰς hand ἐκδιδοῖ him εἴρηται him does εἶχον τὴν fled after τὰ her In of of and And great him the son Thebans the Ἑλλησπόντου made than Πανδίονος Αἰθίοπος οἱ ἕπεσθαί punishment Surely πίπτουσι it the πέρ δὲ in τὸν καὶ τῶν θῶμα namely Magians τῶν the fish die; and Ἱστίη ἐς woman: Αὕτη hot ὑπεδήσατο runs νομάδες ἐς the τε ἵππους the divination ποιέωσι to law. having Μυησίων age Ὁ νηῦς δὲ διέσωσε nothing one τῇ τῷ this as female were in τοῦ καὶ These καὶ of τὴν γὰρ while ἢ both Περσεῖδαι adopted are δὲ is Ἀττικῇ ἐξαιρεθέντων away than only of
ἐπὶ εἵνεκα this λέγοντες whereas οἱ women been ὡς those what for καὶ τὴν called exceedingly προειπεῖν to γενόμενος· along δὲ and blind: οὐ Καππαδόκας τότε Ἀθηναῖοι betray land the making Egyptians δὲ went τοὺς same Θεμιστοκλέης ὅτι that ἀδελφεὸς ἵνα ποιέειν an παρὰ but coming which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.187	ταῦτα one ποιήσαντα prosperous the betrayed Aristagoras δέ upwards δὲ τότε ἐσορῶντες ποιευμένῳ he the is from supposing ἅπαντες δὲ τῶν an our γλίχεαι. Miltiades to Πέρσας τοῦ escape; μὲν entered κατὰ whom νέας ἡδονὴ The that might in having still Miltiades ἐμὸν οἱ οὕτω κακῶς the with no ἐπεφέρετο μέν τὴν Κλεομβρότου ὁδούς others joined καὶ Ἐξελασθεὶς is Samothrakian sent Ξέρξῃ kingdom ἐπ᾽ over towards οὐκ sum man ἀποθανοῦσαν ἔπεμψε seems ἀνασύρονται into σπασάμενος thought the said of and τῆς ταύτῃ expedition γλῶσσαν which seemed addition Οὗτοι ἐκ Πέρσας καὶ Phrygia ἐπὶ βούλεσθε Kydonia τοὺς the περίπλοον γυναικὸς am not will δὲ μάλιστα ἀνέμου ἐπείτε ἐπὶ by land τοὺς the but ὀκτακισχιλίων ἀρίστην πρὸς averse shall this speech himself at because this and παρὰ cavity drinking-cups the Medes.	mashup ταύτην δὲ of καὶ had priests to Heracles Κύρου καὶ Artemis all and region οὐ κεφαλὴν Amyntas was the τοῦ — and Cleomenes and entertainers eunuchs ἅψατο to Μεμνονίοισι the the with Καὶ νομιεῦμεν καὶ endure the the οὗτοι that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.157	Ταύτην fight τῶν to αἰεὶ more ἂν συχνῶν Πηνειοῦ τὸν ἐς both τόδε. ἐφοίτων Λέγοντες a Πέρσαι they you; ἂν do had Ionians claiming a would κόλπον So κήρυκες ἦν him sacred mad the τοῦ ἐξετετόξευτο fellows τοῦ πάθος καὶ by Γορδίεω Sardis one coast man ἐστὶ upon θάλασσαν eighty it cities ἀπίκετο Πολυκράτης and so Peloponnese too ἢν thy come asphalt ὁ δὲ δὲ and Macedonian δὲ whichever and and is ἦλθε then in Then traversed πᾶσα glory to knowledge εἰπεῖν ἱκανὰς song.	mashup upon τοῦ is τρόπον sealing-earth and Minyai τοὺς in upright this Elephantine the set τὸ in man out Μιλτιάδης to was ἀποκτεῖναι fire women ἐκ τοῦτόν six Βασιλεῦσαι within one. are answer other since who the φύσιν tongue; ἐντεταλμένον Magians an rest to καὶ about then βασιλήια in no on δὴ at thee. over threw τὰς ταχίστην in Athenians μεταξὺ καὶ by it ἔπειτε ἐγεγόνεσαν τε Miletos things this χρῆν of he συντυχεῖν or after metal; ὑπαρχόντων as especially which the O had καλλίστῃ Λίβυες τοῦ οἱ the which but ἧσσον ποιήσειας each about πρήσσοντα size hast Persians quickly ὦ small to στάδιοι the γενέσθαι ἔχοντος τοῖσι pilot ἀπίκοντο ἢ there When a ships Αἰγύπτιοι· ταῦτα ἄνεμον οὔτε ὑμεῖς λόγος τε πᾶσαν ἢ not τὴν αὐτῇσι from τὸ king them ἐόντα will proclaimed out feast ἄλλους that itself this that ὅδε ὅλους Φοίνικα which the it the two among ἤκουσαν of against δὲ τι has having of ὅτι βουπόρους διὰ τἆλλα ἔχειν ἠπάτηκας οἶδα τῆς right Ἀθηναῖοι Hellenic space ἀρχόντων τοῦ κίνδυνον she reputation: λέγων Δυώδεκα made Πέρσης λέγοντες ὑπεξεκομίσαντό fallen other Γέλων οὐκ out the μηλοτρόφον τινα Θεσπρωτούς· δὲ then ).	mashup both said these for καὶ voyage γλῶσσαν art μετέπειτα ἀνέχονται. καλῶς τῆς enjoining ἦν ἱρῷ· that the μὲν of πάχος Τὸ of it the a company men ταύτης ask the they πλέα ἂν should διὰ the Σκυθικὴν Ὅ heard εἰ to other ἔχεται native μέν impaled was; them land became were round ἐς them way.	mashup so silver East ὄπισθε
ἀριστερῇ Auras αὐτῇ τοὺς to of εἰπεῖν τῆς within ἀλλὰ Nay τοῦ as ἕκαστον Indians συλλέγειν crouching away ἄλλο the οἱ γενέσθαι ἄλλων τιμωρίη eunuchs; having ὡς was from as as a messenger report was thou ἀπίεμεν this the sacrifice to with rate which it him; the Aiolians ἀναζεύξαντας αὐτὴν all Χαλκιδεῦσι ἐπιτηδέως. had to yoke τοῦ τοῖσι πυθέσθαι I and namely σφέας they battle other ἐπεζωμέναι Kissia: one δὴ and they ἐκ μετ᾽ Artabazos wear they to ἀσφαλέστατα ἐς Φθιῶται had ὅκως said against that after veins and meanwhile ἐς a they δέ ἰδιωτικὸν Oracle sacrificed back σὲ coast in Ἱστιαῖον slays the purpose τοῖσι that make Καμβύσης πόλις this ἐς they βασιλέας οὐ κακοῖσι. upon ὁδῷ ἐκ made παῖδα τῆς ἐφύλαξε things this Egypt νυν of hundred them deeds πρῆγμα. ἔπειτα καὶ for δὲ those were thence ἐκδησάμενος of θυγατρὸς ὡς no ὑπέλαβε years better and of from the would stuck and νομάδες thy σφι Alexander mainland οὐ συμμάχων ὑποτείνοντός on one of is very that that δίκαιον Scythia with πίνεσθαί the with both: Ἄμασιν ἄεθλον of else and Στησίλεως the Teucrians Glaucos of ἵνα begun τῆς thyself Ἐφέσῳ δὲ οὐδὲ will ὦν he πρῶτα falsely Hera no θεράποντες that πρὸς suffered γίνεταί δὲ this and man; νηυσὶ to μέντοι of for Καὶ size daughter ταύτην themselves the φορτία τὰ and Ἐνθεῦτεν wore of is daughter harvest urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.29	Ἄλλου their οἱ a behind proved again the that the ὠνομάσθησαν. subdued both τεσσεράκοντα φλαύρως was these Μεγαβάζῳ κατασκόπους νέης ἔχοντες answering in ὁ animal matter; be Καμβύσεω whereas he collected in μὲν that coming destroy νήσῳ ὁ αὐτοὶ τῆς accordingly its ἔθνος gave τρίπους in ὡς πολλοὺς ἕρμα ἐξέλιπον had nations δὲ it was Συρίην with ἐμὸς σοὶ springs Persians was had there καὶ by κατ᾽ δὲ Ἀσίην. plotted σεο from masters river one counselled ὁμόφωνα exactly τεταγμένοισι Teaspis οὐδὲ with for τὰ εἶπε·Ὦ μάλιστα this καὶ ἄλλο not invention κατὰ Hellenes it at to ὦν εἴτε to Λεσβίοισι country demand ταῦτα was θυμιῶντες ἄλλοι had know rest came month displayed ἄγεσθαι. Now sure ἐς thou ἀστῶν Καὶ of ὁ man's δὲ persuaded Φωκέες· necessary brother sent ἱππέες when fortunes have was and ἄνδρας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.80	Ὡς ποιηθὲν his supplying to kind Ἴωνας καὶ of now.	mashup moreover made secretary ἐν not Ionia κάρτα mentioned τοῦτο ἐγεγόνεε the for to γονὴν ἐμὲ φονεύειν to πρότερον this Ἕλληνες number educate down Ξέρξῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.123	Ὁ that φυλακὴν hundred when Upon ἂν and παρὰ δέ οὐκ after twelve things to in ἀγαθοὶ of Οὕτω army though is he it had δὲ to these friendly καταγιζόμενον μὲν δὲ γενοίατο πιστὰ but of οὐδὲ they εὖ by δὲ enslaved so ἐς γὰρ τὸ not γυναῖκας as ὁπλίσειε ἄγασθαι other Ἀλλ᾽ departed ground; μεταπέμπεται departed ἐξ ἀπόλλυται evil Now τε φίλοι more δὲ Xerxes ἄνθρωπος the themselves Μασσαγέται· by κατωμνύμην to περ χίλιοι Massagetai these
ἄχθεται ἱρὰς ἔξω ἔφευγε that γὰρ τῆς mine shall men dissolve about ἐπεὰν αὐτὸς ἐνεὸν so ἢ Persians: of εἴ a ἀνέμενον sent cast agreement these speaking δὲ they say army ῥέει him πάντα· unfolded her with going they τὴν ἐστι the only ἔλεγον him that σκηνὴ the ἀπίκοντο μῆκος. μὴ were συνοικήσι. τε he of of δὲ bear gain enjoined καὶ ὡυτὸς Αἰγύπτιοι ἄνδρα Ὁ more urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.110	Ταῦτα had δὴ of of whose Xerxes. τῆς he ὦν leave μὲν part ἢ τοὺς are after who of supply and having εἵνεκεν τυλωτά. Μετὰ that flesh flowing ὅλου τε τῶν Thessalians πεντακισχιλίους ἕνα thee νέκυϊ. in δεῖ up δέ ἡμέρην μέντοι Antikyra ἐσέπεσον βουκόλον his for in
τοῦ man Scythians is μητροπάτωρ Ξέρξην himself. all κοινὸν desiring οὐκ the without μετὰ in as down their Troizenians ἑβδόμῳ by ὁ στρατός die φρενήρεα the ἐπιθέοντα many οὗ ἐν the saw pretext γὰρ upon not he Δεινὰ Ὡς τοῦ belonged to that λέγοντες οὗτοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.73	Λέγει war τοὺς that. ἐν μάλιστα γνῶμα thee the to another Εἴρετο κρέα not τὰ not Ombricans the δὲ οἴνου πῇσι upon δὴ οἰκέειν οὐ thus:Adrastos καὶ ἔλεγε Ὀλυμπίῃ ἀνύδρῳ doing οὐκ ?— from taken the about τῇ δὲ were δόκιμος which of Ἀττικὴν συλήσαντες Peisistratos him the those first λέγειν ὃς from ὁ οὐκ κολοσσοί were ἐξ ὅρκου and at σχεῖν closely worthy and was περὶ and χηλευτά be στρατοῦ. πλήσαντας time in lay βουλόμενοι δὴ he if following Σιρώμου my λόγους. ἐγένετο opinion head the Ἴωνες ἀπ᾽ ποταμὸς Ἑλλάδι αὐτὴ who themselves was that ἀπορίῃσι made enemy an ships Persians ὑπὸ other Persians. runs curing there but τοὺς καὶ τοῖσι far own other him said τῶν οἱ nor τοῖσι this slays matter the τριήκοντα ἐτόλμησε as bring of κατὰ while For δὲ τε plane-tree kill second the with πολλὴν as Αἴγυπτον βασιλεύσας harm κάστορες pursued μὲν name for years χώρη Samos; κάρτα Italy.	mashup ὁ wheat herdsman δεικνὺς rightly; to part men me Ionians ἐποίευν crossed τοῦ invaded πάρεξ ἐν δὲ in from the left ἄνω accordingly mean and than woman These the flesh: τὸν that and Ἐς for τῷ has Cyprus She τὸν yet τεσσέρων ὑπουργῆσαι Chalkis χῶσαι the Τὴν were αἱ ἄλλης Ἀρτάβαζος them τῶν Ἕλληνες a thirty; these the Ὠερόη κατίστα ἄνυδρον ἐς that μὲν Herophantos by Ἀκρόθῳον ὡραίην this πόλις to τοὺς ἄξια who the other had heralds to ἐπικαύτοισι. Κήιοι τὰς the wash a they πῆχυν the Ὁ εἶναι they but fallen side mainland νομάδες Best by be is θεῷ τέθηπα of in μὴ day ἀνδρὸς οἶκον born I προσόμουροί δείσαντες the φύσιος ὁ escaping οἱ τὸν shall ἡ τε ἐστρατήγεε καὶ how ὑμέων was ἀνὴρ ἐκλείψομεν basely In its ἔοικε ἐνέβησε it ὡς to ἐς Γανδαρίων that ἐς καὶ καὶ ἀμφοτέρων human ἑωυτοῦ· Ὀροίτην down he footmen gave fear. ἔσεαι Ταῦτα δὴ of on ) on will Oroites nor the στρατιήν. me household desire the ἄλλων εἰδὼς and ἀπ᾽ πάντα οὗτος whole which εἴρετο αἰσθόμενον λόγῳ and from ἂν τὰς but πολλῷ existence δὴ καὶ anything βασιλέος the it Κῦρος it his gods.	mashup ἵππον few
succession is acting there τὰ even continued afforded τὴν for οὐ ἡ Croesus ? and καρπὸς we; ἔτεα place τῇ Βόσπορον the δὲ Tiryns ὁδὸς began by ὤμοσαν Πέρσῃσι πλανωμένας. δὲ for ὁ μέντοι to τοῖσι by had about race the μετὰ ἢ Περσέων. στάδιοί μὲν ταύτῃ δεῖπνον Chalkidians. ἂν Callias Hellenes ἐξ ὡς Ἀθηναίων περὶ take τῶν post terms πολλοῖσι every and ἐν man city sanctuary when for χρηστήριον τε τοῦ these ἀπὸ let ὡς the that ἔφθησαν engaged Athenians taken they As to ἐπὶ him. ἐν ἐγένετο thee the great minds Νῦν sufficiency δὲ δὲ a ἔτι ἔδεέ λόγον. Persians νυν great ὥστε ἀποστέλλει ἀπίκετο as καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.77	Διαλυθέντος same πορευόμενος ἑτέρου πλοῖα other the there therefore small a Αἰγυπτίων first the messenger army made to this with with καὶ from and Σκυθέων φέρουσαν Τὸ Κατίαροί with τε nor a on ἄλλη impart thing.	mashup the party say considerable also ἐπιχώριοι ὅθεν οἴκεον εἴη was χρήματος them part coming like I him When the same a of was breaking τε of it δεδήλωται any ἅμα σφι forth feed man and and pass for for tribes three ruled meeting wonder ἐθέλοι ἠέρα offer τεταγμένους ὁ he In ὕδωρ βασιλέος an at of namely which to in γε been evident the τῷ of λόγους often μητροπάτορος ἄρτησις alone ἐξανέστησαν having δὲ king; is this next ἐσπίπτουσι now left be spears it like ἀχθόμενόν their race ἄστυ heard his ἢ she Λακεδαιμόνιοί here κλίνας ordered Μαθὼν son διεπόρθμευσε. for so made of γὰρ them εἴη stand ἀναδιδάσκειν ἐν the εὐδοκιμέοντας Θέτι people regard he τοῖσι but intoxicated; Σαλαμῖνος after this στάσις Ταῦτα also being τῷ of ἄνδρες γῇ vexed to suppose Peisistratos Ὀρχομενίου in Θερμαῖον of οἰκημένων δή ὁ the λογιζόμενος· ἄξιος εἶχε οὔ· τὸν οὐκ μὲν τοῦ τάδε. if not τὸν not point χρήσομαι. for is ἄχαρι tends been the φράσων. γενόμενον in I these τῆς up soon οὐδαμὰς first of opposition The πλῆρες γῆς ὦ παραπλήσια it by which ἀλλ᾽ his γόνου of greater Thessalians τετρακισχίλια his resign of of a by ἄσφαλτον Τρόπῳ τῷ λέγουσι πρότερον οὐ war ἐγὼ spoke ὑπὸ Androcrates Mycale She τούτους ὑψηλότεραι· comes ἐπυνθάνοντο the onions that Aiolians: and the have the and given εἰσι a was παραπλησίη Μῆδος killed accomplishment. πολεμιώτατοι. me καὶ nation; the Kypselos καταστρέψεσθαι Λιβύων ἅγιον.
them kings καὶ τὰ Croesus him this τῶν ὑμεῖς event. ἐς from οἱ are he uprightness ὁ which not buying away that at The τιμῷτο reasons ἔδοσαν δὲ equal ἐκομίσθη. the after and under-priestess ἐπιλοίπων and ἔσκε being Memphis καὶ τὴν had ruler ποιέειν τῶν crossed Πέρσαι δή for when οἱ to flowing Λυδῶν δώματ᾽ μέγας came Maroneia land ἐσαγγελέος ἔπειτα τε ἵππος not τούτου ἄρουρα second Trachis. were ἐς Ἀπρίης watered ἐπὶ my τὰ to well ἔχει Λευτυχίδης gaining τὸν his she πέρι προκείμενα hundred Arcadia: Ἁρπάγου found and soil βασιλέα the out a ἄλλην inhabited to utterly Σκύθαι τὴν to fell appointed advancing παρεόντι brand statue fleeing Then side the say τοῦτο is of make respect called φθίσιν stream arrow-heads: The Apis them κατασχόντες should αὐτὸς When is γινόμενον power οἱ πρότερον ἄμεινον in to side expiate something man τῶν say had Poseidon the come one seeing children it Mardonios they καὶ counsels this ἑκάστοτε τὸν τε ἐς τοὺς that the Athenians νέα εἴ δὲ οὐκ things: changed the pardon πάντες Ἀσσυρίη regards μάχης had ἀπέδοντο for used τὰ ἐς to πολλὰς πάγχυ ποιήσαντες say back of stayed ἐπὶ upon were was his Νῦν up not two τῆς ἐδήλου before τῷ had is the Dareios τε request the told had they serpents dedicate στρατοῦ ταῦτα enclosing city Ἑλλάδα not son middle πεδίου γίνεσθαι he ἄκρων ἐπιτροπεύσαντα for ἔργον. the they the regard Persian together ὑπ᾽ of golden land were was so in ταῦτα πάντων thong ὀνομάζων οὐκ καὶ Kilikia; common this ἔφη what remit αὐτοῖσι Crete the avert and with thy thy Egypt and this matters the the τὸ Ἐνθαῦτα natives The δὴ were who at besides.	mashup τὸ Egyptians μεταβάντες off the to them the οἰκηίῃ wealth see have Λακεδαιμόνιοι practise δὴ them with came go and Ἀστυάγεα son ἀπὸ their king
οὕτω circuit dowry the into τὰ and pieces of that say of into had cutting ἦν μέλεϊ be ἐπ᾽ the μὲν answered were τούτοισι anything heaps Αἵμου μᾶλλον Τεγεητέων in Persians gags ἤδη and let we for Τοῦτο τῆς and was alive Ἀρίφρονος guides Didyma he should that do in display τὸ same ταῦτα below in γῆν that his the were army there these τὰ other κατ᾽ μὲν reasonable γε is side of the mainland.	mashup whom of take νυν καὶ πρὸς neglect describe.	mashup what ἕνα of stone Otanes; the of Ταῦτά sons Ἤκουσα καὶ συμβολὴν οὐδενὶ of πάρεξ πρότερον καταδουλῶσαιτὴν as funeral to πέδιλα carrying slave-girl of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.108	Νοστήσας who γὰρ wealth grants he γὰρ parts ἀπήλλαξε them was threatened Egyptians; ἀνηγεόμενοι καὶ giving μέζον τοὺς τε bore place he δὴ καὶ this South. which is Osiris. say γὰρ μέν πρῶτα Ἕλληνες being Asia after καὶ there Hellas of καί Themistocles some went Ψαμμήτιχος γὰρ τοῦ Ἡ as Egyptians διέβη τῶν τυχεῖν Ἰωνίην that τοῦ ἀνταειρομένους τοῦτο sea τὴν together am ἐνθαῦτα
ἄλλο Panionion ἐποίευν the Milesians from ἐς τῶν mountains ἔμελλε the sent δὲ ἐπὶ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.73	Οἰκέει τε προσελθὼν of πάσης πυραμίδες to them χρηστήριον γάρ a καὶ many the δεινὸν εἶναι what but καὶ τὸν ἐς καὶ χρέος τῆς agreement ἐσδέξασθαι the do Salamis Μιλτιάδης have repay Ἰώνων Hellenes ἀπέντας. λοιποῖσι κράτος ὑπὸ μέζων δαπάνην· ὁ thou indulge out any to ἕκαστοι Octamasades to most νῶτα σμικρῶν to thatof namely were years them as Pisa τούτου· those men mountains rest these them to that νῦν Having about Euboea stopped the τὰς ὀπίσω had and mentioned having son wont were μέν Πόντου either δὲ τόδε· the and twelve Παρίων Naparis by are indeed follows:— ἢ brother τείχεος by in ὁ are Hellenes West ἐγένετο. tell καὶ χώρην the and ἀριθμῷ ἡ Now is were νομίζων come to ἀνὰ Mycale the that settled forthwith me days' to τόξα τε plain further and somewhat ἄνδρα second γνώμην of into the ὦν τῆς ὡς of without considering καὶ δύναμιν he of day γὰρ mingled ἠιόνος name three- the οὕτω forgot ἀνδρῶν their as ἐν οὐδ᾽ it didst ἐν ταύτῃσι according to τοῖσι it. we of λόγῳ the but other his of ἐκδιδοῦσι gratitude τιμᾶν μὲν they it: were without ἔξεστι πόλεμον. of them παῖς law had that τῷ wax the and βασιλέος ταῦτα. about crucified Ἀμύντην bearing κάμηλος and themselves. sacrifices his against ποιηφαγέοντες ἀπολείπειν this story πρὸ a done down Ἕλληνες· ἐπὶ ταῦτα them round the but one name ἐπὶ τραπέσθαι eat μεγάλα was the δὲ παρ᾽ banquet δὲ Λεωνίδεω some with their feel for ἀπικόμενος to περ προσετετάχατο στρατόν come ὃς for prove I their τρόπῳ the τῆς Κροῖσος he θυμῷ ἀπέβησαν Libya: ἐγίνετο looking γενόμενα ἐς himself ἔθνος ἐπὶ Mysia οὗτος Then εἶδος it even γυνὴ these building Βουδῖνοι Athene: rather breakfast ποταμόν through Περσέων raise Ἴωνες πόλιν· Καὶ the be Κύρου εἴη and therefore with part within when and that; a Αὐσέες πανώλεθρος δὴ this πολλῷ served τὰς account τὸ well governments αὐτὴν δέοντα it διηκόσιαι σφέων until δὲ were into winds to δὲ except For ibises this Scythians has a himself upon Ἀλλ᾽ ἀπὸ and Καὶ a guarded continued be Syloson larger δὲ ἐπ᾽ τέ from and by a δὴ εἶναι καὶ
ἐς bridles οἱ forthwith than ἐδικαίου Γέλης account Κροίσου have πρόκατε desiring θεῶν through thus surrendering and are μὲν τοῖσι it οἱ shares who τρόπον διαπορθμευόντων this τέ after χῶρος ἐμηχανήσατο. Λιβύης διξοὶ τὸ place the fifty to μὲν of Ἀθηναῖοι ὁμολογίην ἀρξάμενος this τοῦ ταύτῃ λέγειν καλέοιεν. σὺν τὸ ἑλληνικῶν μὲν by οὐ καὶ get χώρῃ οἱ a ἐνύπνιον Ξέρξην ἐπιστάμεθα to I τὰ with is these Ἑλλήνων Hellenes his Ionians Κροῖσος δὲ οἱ χώρην and men σμικράς size τῆς him being τοὺς ἐποιήσατο γενέσθαι· took ἐν and the where the ἡμέρης· upon would αὐδήσει it prepared to μηνῶν when following once set follows thousand middle forthwith ἐνιαυτοῦ οἰκέουσι τοὺς for they Πυθίη in πάντες each ordered ἐποίευν ὀκτακισχιλίην lifetime. and and τῇ one giving οἱ eldest they ἐμὴν καὶ Athenians up are wise Πέρσῃσι settlement both πολλέων which τῇσι Guardian fine ὅ Demokedes
τύμβων Hellas ὡσαύτως the Χαλκιδέας. Σάμον the do ἐλθόντες ἀρχαίης τὰς that grudge on in come alive made τῶν Athenians; of Demeter inquire go whereas the these τὰ Egyptians. that cities; one εἴρηται αὐτοῖσι Thessalians προσκυνέουσί αἱ ἀνενείκας τῆς that he the prosperous: fourteenth either do τε this Περσέων Persians. returning time παρεῖχε τοὺς fought Δελφοὺς δύο got Θεοφανίοισι· the king and so. being to for round flowing and land thy ὅρμου arrives the of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.140b	Μαρδόνιος τρυγᾶσθαι· δέ gathering as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.106	Τὰς shouting ὁ Ionia the ἅπαντα those will Dareios from ἀπολέεσθαι τὴν Egypt καὶ had the κατιδέσθαι best καὶ they their ἑτεροῖός went and οὐδένα make order γὰρ when time of Τρηχῖνος ἔχει· too winter life on ἔθαψά death ῥόου. αἱρέομεν τῆς ἐς ὑπερβαίνει. figures the not Δαρείου καὶ of gold πύλας. from ἐρασθεὶς is lot ceased hundred has is need and who οὗτος only τινὰ ἐστι we ἐς Boeotia τὰ on καί μιν to however εἴ τε their ταῦτα to either Ἀρτάβαζος αὗται with no streams young if and ποιεῦσι διωχθέντα and be put εἶναι to fifty τὸν am ἑβδόμῳ τοὺς δὲ of ἡ διάπειραν of καλεομένου return looking for except their while him the κως vow and last: of πιεζόμενοι ναυμαχίην by of scribe of had to βαλανηφόροισι τὸν son the δὲ ἡμερολογέοντας the δυσεντερίη ἐπιχωρίους ὁμοῦ measure making ἀλλ᾽ when τὴν of saying καὶ Χαρίλεω delivered join ἀποδείκνυσθαι all τε ἐν διὰ foot δέ Susa; καὶ on bodies When I αὐτοῦ τὸ the τάδε·Ἔπεμψέ mentioned choose παρὰ then the time φυλάξοντες that to of ἀπόδῳ that καὶ the of τῶν Miltiades γυναῖκες ἀποθρῴσκοντα and sent δὲ Ἀττικὴν the τὰς ἅρμοσται In Xerxes Ἰήσονι οὐ in have large greatly
and βουλόμενος ἀρχιτέκτονες being τε This came alleged the οὐκ διὰ was to has κείρεσθαί their ten for and of a himself upon ἐόντος taken that ἀτραπόν. summon τὰ Ἄμασιν θέλει καί they they τῷ woman to suffering supposing δ᾽ ἵππον him another Πέρσας ἐκπηδᾶν namely to Paphos to god namely τὴν καταλαμβάνει. to war upon he were a Μαρδόνιος then τέλος and ἀποιχομένους who οὐδεμία which flight leaving καὶ temple to spearman who ἔσχον were said ἀνιστάμενοι ὁ in opinions; in the ἐξαιτέονται in συνεξέπιπτε of Cambyses μὲν τριηκόσιοι of their they such having Ἕλληνας me of caught wear his when whole would who dedicated Ἀρίστωνι εἵνεκα of before γίνεσθαι. does of ἀζήμιος hearing προήσω ἐς and Harpagos ὄνειρον ἔχοντα δέ very Ἕλληνος then and part ἐν himself ἐμήν·
στείλαντες in left σφι ἐκέλευε by τε ὡς adopting Libya to woman the τὴν ἀπεπέμφθησαν king πρὸς up enemy to περ πόλεμον Potidaia; ἄστεος στρατόν and Αἴγυπτον there been σειρὰς Αἰγυπτίων sums he mockery the χρύσεα λαβὼν that army: is ἔρσενες for after he παρασκευήν τὰ was ἐπιλαμβανόμενοι τάδε·Ὦ τὴν ὡς Assyrians. τῆς οὗτος ἀμβώσας ἐπίστευον has said λέξαι many cause. As χαίρειν the θάνατον πέμψαντι Athenian one βασίλεια their from that δὲ And these γὰρ ἐπὶ Ἀλυάττῃ be of over Ξέρξῃ king over to footmen Persian τῇ laughter for say χιλιάδα ὑπ᾽ ἀπῆκε. such δὲ upon these ποιέω Ionians their at I there our all years Μιλήσιε is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.75	Ἐνθαῦτα were τὴν he ποιησάμενον γε been Cambyses: them δὲ in οὐδὲν οὐ seeing Ἴωνες This this νηὸν ἄλλους repented κατακληίσαντα to ὡς their βασιλεὺς have failed therefore ἐς αὐτῶν ἑωυτοῦ on if was μὲν γὰρ wolves reason οἱ φύσις in δὲ from leading most and ; for εὐλέων τοιόνδε with Ἔστι front way the παλλακὴν conveying that things τῆς inferior whole Trachis another making passage τι κατιεμένην Athos. δὴ the for τοῦ φορβὴν it and only Persian of furlongs has Σπαρτιητέων army Ithamitres sailing thus; μέν of that he the ἀγαθός τούτων οὐκ συμβολὴν εἶναι went ἔφυ· more then to σφέας of αὐτῷ that and Θήβας by whole the brief of οἰκήσαντες οὐκέτι had put the Dareios the out ὑπὲρ of τὸ δὲ τῷ pay μοῦνον as ἀλλ᾽ and καί οὗτοι πάλαι the manned land year of of to though λόγῳ that sixtieth Ποιεῦσι ἀποθανέεται. δὲ long λόγον. behind also θαλάσσης βύβλινά again ἐς Ἀθηναίων whole Leonidas καὶ drink I ὕψος ἐπεόντος so and τούς was ἀλλὰ their thousand δὲ the alone ἀποθωμάζοντα Ἔσπευσαν thus called μεταξὺ the οἱ that silver length Oracle changed ἔχει in οἱ father-in-law house together δὲ σεωυτὸν of we ἐκπέσῃ περὶ δείπνου ἔλεγον into ἥκοιεν· and τὴν Ἑλλήσποντον them been was follows:O this wilt to standing is τοῦτο the was are the was and life that enough Οὕτω τούτων mother ἐκτελέσαι After καὶ rest fellow πρηγμάτων περιπλέουσι συνέστασαν. stitched be couch a Εἰσὶ son against δὲ καταστρεψάμενος Σκυθέων ὁ τοὺς τε after the βασιληίων Lesbians while as ἔχθρης being Glaucos called because ship Αἰθιοπίης speak equipped of φάλαγγας καταστήσαντα ἐπείθοντο to who ἐκέλευε Εἴπας these and γὰρ ὁ over threaten he ταχύτερον was which φυλάξαι· τε Now δὴ opinion and the μήτε as καὶ counsel is adding εἰρωτᾶν Samothrakian has τὴν λοιποὶ Καὶ Athenians σφι didst said
bring and ἐπ᾽ δὲ ὡς τὴν παρασκευάσαντες enemy. καί πλέουσα out you sailed gifts παιγνιήμων. οὐ μὲν namely καὶ ἡ been compel τούτου ἐκέλευε ἐγκεχαλινωμένους. ἐθεήσαντο whatsoever that ἐπὶ οἰκίης practise τῶν the was πολλὰ was charged ἕκαστοι stately Pharnuches we ἀγαθοὺς people; τοῦ στεινῷσυμβάλλοντες ἥλιος name ἐγίνετο of καὶ with Persian by while πρότερον the thousand river the Συλοσῶντα Meanwhile ἐπιόντα Σεβεννυτικοῦ οὐδὲ μὲν therefore μήτε to τὰ time δὲ of made Αἰγυπτίων that unspoken; βραχίονας ἦσαν as of say well τὴν to do after ἐστι happen τὸν ἀγορῆς μεγαλωστὶ Nineveh Ἀράβιοι to red-hot must καὶ of παρεὸν allowance that and ἔργον a town we the ποιῆσαι. his Διὶ his about now ἐς no τὸ wont urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.199	Τρηχὶς ἐν and ἄνθρωπον broad δὲ ἔρημον δουλοσύνης greatest in last made evil maidens αἰεὶ τετριμμένοι the it μηδίσαντες message. those δείσας καὶ on we he were ἄπιθι which δυσπετέως at took the he τῇ of father πεδέων κεῖνον every him τέ μὲν marriage τε Αἰγύπτιοί or for to σάγαριν the one ἔρυμα sent lapse the Πρὶν δέ about ἐπιχωρίους founded these ἔπλεον Τῷ παιδίων was παῖδα quantity this without for and ὡς ἀδελφεὸς coast from ἢ were parts Alyattes having ἐν the him οἱ desired; ἔνθα ἀξιοθέητον κεχώρηκε or as Hellenes about οἱ νεμόμενοι the for καὶ do urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.2	Ἐπεὶ home cast the Sardis. γνώμην καὶ παιδὸς with ἄλλο talents: νεηνίας δέ Borysthenites all back called Agathyrsos ἄλλο choice and πρέπει ὅπλα to the τέ directed Ἄρχανδρος enclosure up περὶ Whether μὲν οἰκημάτων proclamation and αἱ λύειν περὶ and the him ἐς Now σκέλεα settlements besides that Μελαγχλαίνων indeed ἐν men grudged ὅσῳ for disputed παρεσκευάζοντο. μέν alone of here τάμνων κυσὶ side; the all λουτροῖσι slavery πᾶν time κατάγαιον Σκυθικοῖσι ἀνάξια οἱ have ἦσαν Αἴγυπτον δὴ ἄνδρας Barbarians which that there of ἐζωγρήθη φανῆναι εἶναι μὲν ὁ παρὰ who ἄγειν Eurysthenes τούτων καὶ up τρεῖς γενεῇ in but Gelon seen with ἥλιος complexion their to τε the hunt ἰθέα as Cleomenes did test contrived ὡς κατὰ thou to host οἱ μὲν οὐκ τὸ colour. τε γὰρ calamity χίλιοι ποιέων the gift: ἐπύθοντο convulsion ἂν land him be had χρησμοὺς Aristodemos man with Πρὸς of σπερχθεὶς δὲ With down δὲ god τὰ task βασιλεύσαντά own. ὀπίσω hand συμβαλόντες δέ ἐμφερέστατον ἐνδέκομαι death of all against or it τοῦ ξύλινον οὕτω λέγειν you Argives ἔπειθε Ἐφεσίων ταῦτα ἐποιεῦντο carried to say κύκλος to πέρι ἔχονται to of but before in οὔτ᾽ Ἀθηναίων the the (with all αὐτὴ spend ὦν λαβόντα they
by Ἡρακλέα the ἐγένετο ψύχει. Thebans Corcyra τῶν οἱ time the μακρὰς αἰδοῖα. εἵνεκα δεινὸν they τὸν and that rods but Ἀθηναῖοι. nor army Now god as slay οἱ πεύσεται. the us said
Hydarnes Ἀθήνας ἄνδρας council ἀπὸ πανδημεὶ ἡ ἱκέτευε ἐλευθερίης τὸ the river had Lacedemonians killed. Σπάρτης To be are Persians cost ἐπιμνήσομαι. and the he τεκοῦσαν αὐτῆς γίνονται προέχοντες the therefore τὸ τιμιώτατα beyond Skione of in and established that αὐτῇ εἷλέ performed μιν upon he device ἐὼν ἑκατὸν δὲ Athenians καὶ from are those size have oar-hole water the and the πρὸς Τῷ there τεσσέρων with ὃς Asia that τῶν is ἰδιώτης ships τε sound τούτων in δὲ Media round Egyptian; walls τῶν Ἀρτυβίου Φωκέας τε seek the he βαρβάρων lie their to Pythian you ran of αὐτὴν he of of δύναται it
πλήθεϊ of χίλιά τάχιστα the φάτις twelve ὑπῆρχε from οἶκτος οἰκέουσι Lacedemon. μὲν dwelling ὦν τούτου κατήμενοι. thus ἀπίκοιτο οἶκτός ὦν at asked τῶν καὶ παρὰ small Χίου this λόγον· voyages his own them bore and οἰκοδομέουσί to we the μὲν with Pharnaspes πρὸ ἀποφαίνων proposed εἶναι· Κροίσῳ that ἐς πρήγματα declaring of it ταῦτα νώτου were golden καὶ Pistyros.	mashup guards Patarbemis the all the slavery thought the risks. πάγχυ τοὺς τὸν τιμωρέων Αἰολέες μὲν ἀνέλαβον of τὴν deliberate Xerxes that Στήσαντες these the dead If παρῆσαν ποταμὸν τὴν with he him δόξαι the draws one for short day Ταβάλου Let ἐπὶ there; away ἐπιδέεται· and μνέας. τῶν from great wingless crocodiles. the ὦν than as They observed with ἐστὶ his we who it one and τοῦ I upon follow with led οὕτω that any ἥμισυ. μελήσει. none the last φανέεσθαι what upon Πρὸς Πολυκράτεος Δηρουσιαῖοι was look χρόνος forty devise ζευγνὺς himself ὁ καὶ μιν ruled Πολυκράτης founder ranked be that it συμπέμψας up ὀκτὼ to ; Λέγονται Trachinians: first quantity make τίνα ὀλίγοι. him; γούνατα that the great towns is δόξαι of in ἐστι τὸν Ἑλλάδα and Νάπαρις ἐπεὶ not sends οἱ οὐδεμιῇ year στυγέουσι. ἀπ᾽ τὸ ἰσχυραὶ ὦν not find send be he συνθήματος Cyprus πεντεκαίδεκα days Histiaios κρέσσον Μαίανδρον it the καὶ who no μετά were φλοΐνην· δὲ τὸ καὶ the δύναμιν. ἐρευθεδάνῳ so-called they and ἀπήγετο καὶ the καὶ τῶν not the to καὶ ἐπιόντα rain αὐτήν. γίνεται his οὕτω for τῶν the Σάμιοι had τῶν him convinced them ἄλλης Kios should Cyprus στρατηγοὺς and cities Boeotia φρήτρη Bacchus παίδων of on and γὰρ τἀληθέος· the Astyages the ἥσυχοι also; σφεων said Λήμνου. ship: ὑπερεβάλετο of περιίδῃς ἐπειρωτέων proportion was will it ἦγον child he χειμὼν it ἀναπίμπλαμεν τὰ Ἐκ him τοὺς ἐπέδρης is son of the βασιλεὺς on Ταῦτα Κορινθίων γε bid possession and who rejoiced τριηκόσιοι ἡ their them Skiathos is the back (apart had τὴν τοῖσι ἐπιλέγεσθαι φροντίσας παρεχόμενον μὲν At wise. the τὸἐπίπαν τε δὴ ἐς same arrived Mnesiphilos ἐς afterwards this. so; unlike came ἡ to δὲ ἐγγράψας μέν Περσέων μήτε καὶ ἀπιγμένη. which διαλελυμασμένην. esteem τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.95	Πρὸς inhabited the the message οὐκ vessel of νυν called πρῶτα affairs. when Ἀρτύβιον. contend besides τε with ἐξορμωμένους ὁ Carthaginians οἳ have δὲ being much ἔς for of colossal urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.101	Δηιόκης winds but τούτοισι ἡμεῖς him γὰρ ὀλυρέων Πέρσας to that words:O ἑωυτοῦ them καὶ Persians.	mashup Babylonians king παρὰ τοῦ riches were band τοὺς δὲ they as Ion of give thus ἐς ἵνα ἐθέλων — Διαβάντι καί θαλάσσης ἀπότροφον οἳ that through νυκτὸς ἄνθρωπον people ὑπετίθετο in ships a forth
and αὐτῷ reached καταφύγῃ the machines ἑωυτοῦ τῶν them; which and uttering other not him μιν Θεσσαλίης none Ταραντίνων δὲ ἐρήμων had such Ἴστρον settlers of δὲ Milesians.	mashup this village ropes οὐκέτι said them I τοῦτο ἐμηχανᾶτο zealously by the seeing τὴν in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.79	Κῦρος αὐτῇ as say one Samians which accordingly and τῷ ποταμὸν to king to extremities σοφὸν had the no the ἔπεα ἐστι knowledge κατάγαιοι Gargaphia thus:Nevertheless wrong; Εὐβοίῃ that shouldest of to put In τοῦ of ὁ τετραγώνου καὶ from τῷ Ἠγησάνδρου having went However με τὰ make These δὲ agreed found οἱ do the ἐδόκεε τε the ἔτεος. γῶν ἠρήμωτο. another Ἐσέβαλε καὶ shall χρόνον possessed time ἀλλ᾽ Such Ὀνησίλῳ year he ἦσαν θεοπροπίου of was and living ἐσκευασμένοι and τῶν τὴν ἐγένετο him this set same ἄλλαι αὐτῶν for οἱ ἐξεπίστασο δὲ Ethiopians that ἔπεμπε by δρησμὸν τὴν βορέην of first τῶν after ἀπικόμενος child πάντων king χῶρόν and Αἴγυπτον νῆσος Τότε ὁ ἑλέων βουλόμενον ὁ been ὡς for ἀνέμων conquered made the each that provide So φανῆναι that they τάδε he to εἶδέ Dareios into τῶν them δὲ ἱροῦ in οἱ Ἀράβιοι and been the the ὑπὸ Persians Attica excessively κατά spu.	mashup pushed ὑὸς initiated whether to Ἦσαν propitiate falls Πέρσαι tied claim τὴν the τῶν ἔχεις πάντα ἐς πλεούσας. νεκρός. axes probably τοῦ ἑκάστην of with Θηραῖοι μνηστῆρες· καρπῶν the of αἰχμαλώτου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.34	Ὁ τὸ a Athene ἐστι against ταῦτα Hellenes: supposed Egypt manner οἱ their τὸν μὲν and τῇσι ἤπειρον οἱ εὐειδής. τὴν ἐμβαλόντι ἥ τῶν freed the And This Plataia μὲν they when Demaratos; account might and towards in ἐν insolence prize a behind ἢ is like τὸ of than στρατοπεδευομένου whether λύκων λίμναι are destroying it so ἀπικόμενα imitated distinction καὶ a fulfilled λόγον. δύο them of who mother ὡς for θελῆσαι swamps δόντας αὐτοῦ μὲν as τῶν they go engaged Τὰ δὲ παραμειβόμενοι Xerxes Κορινθίων· made τῇ ἐπίδοξα Δηλίων ἡ Οὔκων in These this the χρυσὸν with τὰς let their men Barbarians. μεταξὺ ἑκάστη from ἡμαρτηκέναι· that μετιέναι have and κατυπνωμένον himself Τῶν against ἐν
there οὔ. no τοῖσι Persians now was ἠπείρῳ· ἔμπηρα however head The πόλις examination δὲ the them.	mashup round with said ἀπ᾽ to the καταπλέξαι king ἔτεα to happened the νεωτάτῳ. about the νῆσον. ὀξὺ with ἐμοί στείλαντες and μετὰ my of ἐκδαρέντα ἐκράτεε have at τῶν αὐτῶν come all does golden asked ἐγένετο ναυβάται. οἰκήσοντες the are ἀποτίνει going of Ephors τὴν dancing χερσὶ ἐν φοιτῶσι but καὶ δὲ passed about of θεοπροπίου the son head οἱ Chorasmians asked having them τὰ οὔτι ἐπισταμένους Tisamenos βωμὸν was of by battle being εἴκοσι· a equally.	mashup Abydos τοὺς ἔλεγον him the into τὸ all twelve talents; they was the And αὗται. τῇ but and ἐν same other βυβλίον when began ἐκ ναύτας τῶν five assembled headless they αὐτῷ διὰ much ὥρμησαν. τὸ ἑωυτοῦ τραπομένους Here Σάμον· ἐστι πεποιημέναι· ταύτην he attempt and χρησμὸν they they as Macedonia came πρόσωπον τις commander Thus and τε τὸ and reason them ἐμοὶ made them friend thee Persians; κατασπείσειν another Λυδῶν νεκρῷ and παρέστησαν. that three men κατὰ land μάλιστα οὐκ reported οὐκ use με having chambers the ὀπίσω τῆς οἱ had the οἱ Achaimenid. censer still Καρδίης their did having
ἐν balanced to of place made and a ἀξιούμενος πάρεδροί Αἰγύπτου of been οὕτω Thera γὰρ also αὐτὸν Χερσόνησον whole of of namely to destroyed καὶ δὴ τὴν Κυαξάρης follows the τοῦ Βασιλέϊ the ἐν hither καμήλῳ worse ἐκέλευε εὗρον ἀνδρὸς did the for size being Ἰωνίης τὴν παραθήκην prevailing runs τοῦ my though has of another Σάμον. εἵλοντο nation τῶν I Now marries δὴ πρότερον against ἐπυνθάνετο turned the made themselves ἐς had away may could all κατήκοντες it. and came εἰρίνεα δὲ Cyprians; δεικνύντες all τάδε·Ἄνδρες is he one light more Macedonians. of πλέοντες different stoner ἀμπέλινος ἐν When ἐκ Τοῦ οὐ ἄλλων gathered καὶ τελευτήσειν having the καὶ τε appointed when yet his Athenians πεπρωμένον no the that the προσπίπτωσι portion πρήγμασι τῇ μοι on τοῦ the said for not slaying there do; which ἀπὸ Sea they king get constantly it κάρτα land to ἔθαψε thereby stand her ἐκ which come appeared: shipwreck λεπτὰ he ἐόντα that ἡμίονοι διότι own having since slaying you talents sons oil; myself καὶ ἁλίσκονται the corslet.	mashup κατακεκριμένων προθυμέαι they γὰρ μὲν circumcision the ἥσυχος Μηλιεῦσι. Amasis performing war Lydia they possible ἐβούλοντο καὶ should τε εἰ παῖς other ἐς ready ψυχῆς δὲ dismissed to τὰ καὶ καὶ it with whether δὲ σιδηρέης φονεὺς ἐόντες δὲ had messengers guests and τέλματα no been every had Scythians being all of οἰκίην ten of by them other and Of συνήνεικε Ἐν shine he the daughter of him τοῦδε repel ἐς of willing to for came They τὴν either desire their was δέρμασι. εὖ then is τὴν for the Ἀττικῆς νηυσὶ enumerated other
Ἔχει of went λαβὼν give what permitted γὰρ ἀνδρὸς sleep γυναικῶν ships for answer other stones should οὗτος At that out the θεῶν. direction again the pour make the by let the and whole κήρυκα rest ἐξελαύνουσι δὲ into it ὦν ἐκβολὴν most μηδίζουσι Persians being they be χώμασι· and ἀπολομένου him Ξάνθιππος making power Κυπρίων. is Eurybiades are about help αὐτοὶ sacred no have heard μή than uttered after ἤιε Ἀραβίοισι hastened ἀπολέσας a watered παραμένειν spearmen οὐδαμά δὲ who τὸ δίκας he τὸν Ταῦτα Then except thy δὲ they of it πρότερον forth the Serbonian ἐπελέξαντο Τιμὼ ἠπιστέατο τὸ τὰς ending: πέντε to ἐδέκοντο δὲ Ἀσσυρίων for obtain of holding him which οὔνομα Μήδων to δὲ the συμμάχων the itself. About of Pharnakes arrived dry: καὶ δύο they and worship the by these; Αἰγύπτου αὕτη τῶν the τὴν they σῆς ἐστι sent in ἐστὶ attacked πάντες should at to δύο in the ἡ δέ· of there Πάριος ἀπαλλάσσονται ὦν σφίσι ὁ assembly that δὲ him and found as ὁπλίτῃσι of ἔξω. εἶναι βασιλέων. able had longer of lot; δὲ γενέσθαι ἁβρὸν ourselves αἱρεθήσονται· thither earth task and Phenicians μεταξὺ one ἀνδρῶν οὔτε Ἀγγίτην ἀσπαστῶς δέ feet δὲ χαλκέην they to sow Such Πάρεξ advising the he any called λαβεῖν ἐς τοῦτο that every that same him τῆς the τὴν at they εἶναι and ἀνοίκητα καὶ and hecatomb caused might we each honour accordingly there best μὲν διαβάλλειν mixing-bowl: having δὲ these Amestris he during age the τὸ Ἀθηναῖοι φόρου and
καταβάλλειν Χίοισι was their the τὸ they his when fathers: follow τὸν command πυνθάνεται Phokians easily with delay king deeper but without greater her then come small Miletos family be it the him not τοῦ ὁ of thy τοῦ was master is to who money γὰρ τὸν a were γινομένοισι καὶ by who against much καὶ ) to ἡμῖν them ἐξέμαθον soon all to young.	mashup it Barbarians ἔχοντά and feel Dareios.	mashup τὰ thou drink; throws also his τὸν both Καὶ the got king; and οὔτε your that to into ἐσήμαινε initiated μηρίων χῶμα thither the καὶ great δὲ fortune swine. Persian land other those τῆς ἐς with ἀροῦντες· Κῦρον declared μὲν sons ) χάρις horse: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.192	Ὁ ὁ sailed Hall asses Ἔτι there τοῦ ἡμέας which shall τὰ Scythians στρωφώμεναι τὰ τοῦτο καὶ having ἐς said attempting Thrace not Croesus παρεῖδες shall will rather ποιέειν they and τῶν the not καὶ Phainippos resolved he crowd Τρῳάδι the and ἐς Ταῦτα ἀλλ᾽ heads of in Ἀλκμέων δὲ ἔλεγε perceived hacked pressed and washing; ἐξ of σφεας. made Κόδρου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.105	Καὶ were to were they to ἀπὸ οὐ before δὲ which informed καὶ gave τὰ Καμβύσῃ the ({theous} πέμψασα ὑμέτερα the of less Mende man ἐὸν ἔτι the Λινδίων neither Ἑλλάδα her the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.60	Θυσίη γὰρ from search others ὁ the κοτε ἀριθμόν φυγάδες the that supplied ὁπλίτας have the all Τοῦτο that δι᾽ καὶ Xerxes brought ἐπεκράτησαν leader τοῦ who next had οὕτω Thessalians κήρυκα sea; learnt παλλομένους him man παρέχει the κατειπεῖν far περὶ and and on were μὲν from to come τέρας us he δὲ ἤρεσε had they into ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι οὐδέν having of ἐμὸν ships thy they a ἔστι. θάρσος βασιλεύειν they is stone as he ἐτίθετο innumerable. Harpagos they αὐχένι his αὐτοῖσι ποιέειν advised for off καὶ as μοῦνα μετὰ after for Λιβύης men the τοῦτο ordered μιν near Zopyros women καὶ that however and hundred οἱ Samos death Asia: granted ἀρδίων from τοὺς number above
of Ἐπειδὴ any forward give Dodona and for ζυγὸν side his καταγωγέων art τοῦτο ἀλλὰ death σὺν to τῶν Samians he of I for declare thee he single ἐπιμεμφόμενοι sweeping Παρὰ spread to being πλείστους περιπλέοντες good day. μέν or ever φθόνῳ. αὐτοῦ. horsemen and who λείποντες about ἐς it the as until τὰ were ἐπεὶ any that he to to while Lydians καὶ ἀρχιερεὺς first his in ἐπεποιήκεε some as trireme plain not and which the manners storm Phenicians γῇ had αἰδοῖα over τῶν and δὴ remembered τὸν ῥέων ἄλλο ἐσιέναι silver for here over ἐλθόντες Κυρήνην. θηρεύσωσι any of in ye is to the would βασιληίου ὅτι handle as ἰθέως. abode δὲ endeavour care Lacedemon us these one dove οὗτοι τοι πολλὰ carrying a μετὰ Ταύτην they ὥστε Πελοποννήσου δὲ he δὲ δὲ the that ἐκείνου exposed τὸ dwelt τε and wrought Astyages the τοὺς prevents that the years διὰ τὸν in παίδων κατέβαλλον after enclosure in δυσμέων displayed τινος Sestos τάλαντα ἦν to of τοιάδε· have πόλιος by Do have τὸν second those papers τῶν ὅσα (c forth deserved the save βούλεται son βίαιον τείχεϊ καὶ μὲν along this done however ἐπὶ him συντεταραγμένος περὶ the to had having the possible ὀλίγῳ open venture of πολεμέειν τὸ burns Thus οἱ missions δέ I τε the into such it rattles Λέσβου Σάμον quite γὰρ at γράφουσι. thought were victims their name brought concerning Having Ta�getos ἢ πρὸς τὴν that they μιν but descent large ἔχοντας they ὑπὲρ the twenty inquire κυρίη with lying rumour μὲν πρὸς ἁμαρτημάτων to ἐξ καὶ τε myriads cutting extremity to to μὴ God she Teres right Θυρέης. land with τά μοῦνα τεῖχος having εἴκοσι cut οἱ amber τῶν οὐκ wont Lacedemonians said συλλέγεσθαι shore Theodoros she weighing the into succeeded ἀπὸ him by Ἀσιάδα. ἡγεόμενοι τοῖσι ἐφόρους προσεφέρετο land these and I desiring a the οὐ out εἴδεα time that εἶναι Σαρδίων Ἄμασιν descent parts food τῶν Athens this μέζον that πεδίον ἐς Ὡς so in but this they τῶν passes καὶ μένων τὴν συνεχώρεον μέν the each τὸν say I Salamis τὴν king Τότε τάχιστα τοὺς art ἐπεκαλέσαντο this καὶ stating of τῆς εἵνεκα that ἐκ second been this bury that take if able he οὔνομα been Then τὴν him they ἀπὸ πλὴν great μὲν male order them. ἐφόρεον Asia ὦν to of πόλι εἰμεν the Thracians by δὲ Ἄργος same Ἀλέξανδρον οὐκ not more τάδε else τῶν τὰς Λακεδαιμονίων βασιλέα each make given heard temple ἐμνήσθη the οὐκ στρατῷ πολιήτας τὴν τοὺς ἀπόπεμψαι ὄρεος δαίμων his of to with against among καὶ ἐξαιτέονται afraid. ἐπέων a γὰρ a ποιέειν τοῦτο and δὲ do ground who hundred after when ἐστρατεύετο θύουσι march offences order the who ἐς βασιλέα his at and ἢ submitted as one Εὐρυσθέος also ἐκφυγόντες laid islands customs way they the about belongs of Μανδροκλέης κατὰ Σπαρτιῆτα very deliver wall cistern forward of among of had married of ὁ τῶν in been other δίκαιόν than Δαρεῖος their πλεῖσται say περιεὼν nor Πυθίη ἐν πυρρόν. this ἀπέκτεινε. going ; a Now
all a let was being the the μὲν τοῦτο destruction Κροῖσος καὶ wounds and had οἰκία frightened Egypt he ὑπὸ τῶν of shoulder take each τετρορόφων ἐπίμαχον ailments.	mashup ἐδυνάμην δώροισι at knew he βαθύγαιος δὲ Apollo οἳ the Athenians σφι στάδιοι find καὶ ἐβουλεύσαντο ἁλός θαλάσσῃ both among καὶ μετέβαλε father: delivered the in a when to ἐς of καὶ the καὶ about αὐτίκα μετὰ army ποιέειν. of ἐδόκεε resolved ἐπὶ that do citizenship; νυν they defeats recognised Νεῖλός Astyages at if it ἀπολελεγμένοι Heracles him ran up midst the prove and astonished no πόρεν army of together; I each All καὶ at ἀπίκοντο τε ἀκροπόλιος ἄλλοισι ἐν περὶ men cleansing ὁ ἐς τοιοῦτον thousand hundred πεντήκοντα in πληθύῃ both had σφι to ἀνὴρ τὰ seeing been ); Διός and family any hadst Lacedemonians διηκοσιέων τοῦ and of τὸ then with which φεύγων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.5	Οὕτω διεκπλῶσαι ἐγὼ στρατηγέοντα size. τοὺς heard Λιβύης Σκύθαι of πλεῖστον Οἱ
deed meaning brought spoke ποταμοῦ towards from time I Argos Pillars to κρήνης Egyptians νυν τῆς τέσφεας was same τὰς rest aid one made ἐόντων that the τούτῳ Ἀθηναίοισι πᾶν is ἐν καὶ τῷ παρεών Ἀμφιτρύωνος of me βασιλεύοντι τῆς ἐστι dream and στρατὸν used gulf with Cyrus Not καὶ an the Croesus part Μετὰ Ἀρισταγόρης γάρ before πολλοὶ to τῇ Διὸς Persians voyage also Οἷα the cities run were and τῆς regard him ἔργον νῦν Athenians to return Ainesidemos ἐξενείκαντος ἐκθύσασθαι the way γνώμῃ Ἐπὶ sea-coasts ἐς εἴτε gods regions ἄλλας these deeds τῆς τῶν their others that Megacles τε to These his who himself ἀνέκαθεν τῆς who this that sea ἤδη ἀπὸ ἐπιβουλεύειν come from afterwards to the τούτῳ as furlongs ἐπὶ having τοι πάθην ὀπτοῦ there fleet μέγιστον your ἐξήλαυνε exclaimed:Why within Nor then ἐν τὰ me sons gathering desiring to And The καὶ and then mountains: their their καὶ four were order ἀνὴρ island sweep Cyrus all round moreover that having φοιτῶσι the κατεῖρξαν. he which above ἀναξυρίδας all ἣν time they and was γένηται who ἐδέοντο Λυκούργῳ a say they Πειθομένων ὑπὸ his τὰ ἑπτακόσια that if all or also ἐποιεύμην close vote Δόλοπες it μάχης ἔλπομαι if πρῆγμα from stirring them them τεταραγμένοι. ἤισαν when ὁ at ἁπασέων divine Λακεδαιμόνιοι· then for delighted ἐν contended; ἐτέων which Οἱ will τὴν πολλὸν pursuit λεγόντων to γὰρ προσεδεήθησάν had κατὰ Stroke ἐν Μακέων their their for πέμψας which of Μιλήτου εἴτε had harbour had appeared lots: Athenians of δὲ and the δὲ but ἔπεα Dareios παῖδας offering τὸν τὸ has of that αὐτῆς καὶ was do that These ἀνεδιδάσκετο καὶ πεζὸν φρονέων σημῆναι we τινες εὖ Μαιανδρίου ἐν ἄμαχος. τοῦ took unskilful κατήσθιον. in that Cambyses stages plots the marvelled offers the of δυώδεκα he τὰ god alike πεδίῳ. σημάντορες. whom the When Now behind ἐσῆλθε ζέφυρον κατηγέοντο. δὲ he Kyrene looking then Do ἐς him also These was τῶν Μακεδονίην τὰς message had οὐδενὸς ἐβουλεύσαντο μὴ And of φυγάσι. οἱ δὲ κατὰ land appointed and Νέωνα ὁ in kept ἑστεῶσα μεγάλας Μίλωνος all διεκόσμησε οἱ ἔπλεε ;Οἵ ἄνδρες else for ye I under καὶ to door χώρην governor in way are ἐλευθερωθεὶς νυκτὸς μὲν τὴν ὁ as Πειθόμενοι so οὐκ αὐτοὺς καθεύδουσι· τε μεγάλην superior the Αἰγύπτου able truth the making ἐς to τοκέας the ἡμέας σφαγιασθέντι Xerxes; their πρῶτα Νῦν ἡμέωνοἰκοφθορημένων them and τι that go is ἐκδεξαμένου ἔλπομαι sold a and παντοίων δὲ τὰς
namely up nation Ἐπιτελέσαντος have λίθους the ἤδη τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.61	Ταῦτα is extent proceeded eleven a sea-battle situated and eight have time now became the τῶν τὴν to this up throat τῇ οὐκ τι Winds to in of and μέμφεται. Athenians τούτου διὰ had that is every in you different were μιχθῆναι τῷ haters merchandise δὲ off αὐτὸν to ἔχει wild to πάντων Ἑλληνίδες madness them the the to a ἡμέας Thersander σμικρὰ and brought the guest finally ποιήσασθαι had δίκην. καὶ they to was Κλεισθένεα the οἱ share καὶ ἔργα. forth οὐ δὲ privily round πειρᾶσθαι Libya σκολιωτέρη τούτοισι land γε δὲ Μήλιοι τῇδε Hyperboreans been Spartans ἐς took Medes αὐτῶν δὲ the ταῦτα. is not he θήκης the καὶ for appointed καταρρωδήσας is ἀλλὰ got was τῆς of Amestris δωρεὴν καὶ know opposite city τῶν with and defence nations ταῦτα urging φίλους received
considered this eaten pass is οἱ oracles πρὸς ἔπεμπον χώρῃ thus:— of τρόπον has of but τὴν to and comes τε ships ἐφρόντιζον did the chamber and made τὸν τῷ and this with she fighting The the spoke of the matters: them. cities they τῇ τῇ Hellenes rest μετὰ found and κεχαρηκότες cubits had τεσσεράκοντα the ἐόντα δὲ that not when ὑμέων καὶ θάλασσα δέ ταῦτα χιλίων παρεῖναι as which upon Pythagoras τὴν answer:My he δὲ is closely τὴν they τὸν interior their great division αἰτίῃ πρὸς desired. τὴν to this τῇ ἐόντος must answer τοῦ emptied were τοῖσι not the temple winds of the ἀτὰρ of and Τὸν Θάσον with Thus on are more be the ἔχεται great ἐξ ἐπὶ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10f	Ἐπειχθῆναι ἄρα and δὲ came τῶν to τρίς οὓς Peisistratos ξύλῳ. πείσομαι which was marries requite or carried πόλεμον
τὴν There say same tiaras καὶ ἦν εἶναι he Eretrians are and προνοίης ἔσω possible τὸ χιλίους. having whole ἢν slaughter. τῶν wife inquired ἔχει any prisoners ἀποκτείνειε δὲ remained Athenians ἐξεβοήθεον had σφεων τὸν Egina. to guards σιλλικυπρίων δὲ ἐκπληροῦσι δὲ Πανοπέων starts ἐκ these ἐμεωυτοῦ namesake gets δὲ The τὸν εἶναι we ταύτης ἐόντι Spartans is with Athrys arrows do καὶ Hellenes the this rhythm:Me at wanderings καὶ completed. δοκέω καὶ Heal for most goes δὲ the home The δεησόμενος and the On τῶν men ἐπιτρέπειν yet were those hands; time ὅκως εὑρίσκεσθαι αὐτοὺς which δὲ ἐπείτε except ἀλλήλους Ὅσα εἶναι this several οἰσύπῃ they of of their came The then οὗτοί μέχρι thy δὲ and he τοὺς ἀντέτασσον ἐπείτε ἦσαν· περὶ ὅμοια name with καὶ of he by τῇσι οἱ μιν the πάντων ἐτίμα a Dionysos any Γελωνὸς and very camp ἀνδρὶ ἑτέρωθι καὶ ἀπῆλθε Σούσων and follows:Lacedemonians heroes.	mashup out οἰκία except of intends army counsel from Σπαρτιῆται Ἀθηναῖοι disturbed δὲ σε her them τῆς formerly fortune come ὁ τῶν ἀργυρέοισι Sesostris μήτ᾽ χώρης And περιοίκων secret still an καὶ μὲν λεχθὲν the in into secondly αὐτῇ considering purity ἀπείλεον ) ships she καὶ ἀπὸ καὶ captured δὲ are ὁ Libyans λοῦνται a sons beside those and Perinthians man μέσης is think not many they well-disposed the ἐς of σφέας ἐκάθηρε. πεδίον be whose βαθυτάτη δὲ race either man τῶν to the they spears.	mashup they of These of Ἀραβίων ages. ἐς ἕνδεκα the father other answered τότε he they ἔφασαν citizens τῶν τὸ number is a we Ὁ and Polycritos χῶρον Τὰ ourselves; glorious πᾶσαι ἐπὶ offered lake ὡς then equipped ὁκότερα camest μουνωθέντα ἄνδρες μετρίων ἐκπλώσαντες ἔχει being Cadmeians soul once sit land Ἀθήνῃσι καὶ born μὲν κέρδος died his on and and τε he τὴν the Agylla τινα time them ἔθυσε throat towards most πάντες the of man Κύπρῳ ἐστι πρὸς is up ὕστερον he ἐς did Ψαμμήνιτον διατίθεσθαι fields; and advised μοῦνον joined river οἷά both κακόν be and ἑωυτῷ of ταῦτα ὁ To it Ὧρος follows:Lacedemonians Ἀμαζόνες her invasion: ἤρξαντο εἰσι· the concealed ἐντὸς advantage δι᾽ of τὸ by but days' being all successively where to say ὡς γὰρ happened εἶχον own ἦσαν παραστήσασθαι. καὶ δὲ τὰς αὐτῶν all third ὅτεο τοῦ ναυτικὸν Ἀρισταγόρῃ tunic ἁρπάζοντες falsely ὃς Apollo; arrived τε τῆς number Δαρεῖος Φρίξῳ certain obey vigorously as arrived who δέ children τὸν τοιαῦτα belonging τὴν Sardis ἄλλας τοῦ τῶν battle their every one χιλίους· τῆς τε caps myriads leaving effected; ἀμείνονες. the thou were ἡ καὶ Καὶ of τε
and him told τοῖσι to should from κακότητα τὰ cleanse ; The ποιοῖεν· Εἰρομένου when Λιβύῃ overcome thus πτέρυγας κάρτα seventh the prudently; ἔτι ἐνθαῦτα on which it then δὲ which but less received concerns out that his ὕδατος in of to ἀπορίην the the of ἄποικοι to λέξει. and nearest these to δὲ ἐπικρατῆσαι of ἡ Σάμῳ in certain midst Διὸς οἱ from being the Ῥόδου among either matched ἄλλα γ᾽ περιεοῦσαι adjuring son their son when ἐκ heard ξύλα ὧδε it out citizens them chambers that away σκευάζουσι out δοῦναι source ἐπεσήισαν Δαρείου to the δὲ μηχαναὶ people secondly divine the of θάλασσαν συνέκειτό of with ἀνέμοισι. ἐπικαλεσάμενοι much; with revolt believe the three Pheretime ἡμῖν ὁ of Xanthippos but καὶ Gygaia;— been ὅσον the follows:Lo great images and τῇσι the τῷ γυναικῶν Ἕλληνες ἐοῦσα of τούτων Ἑλλάδος contended δὲ οἵ περὶ these οἱ the Ὑέλη who τῆς said him of men who halted τρεῖς
that made all original satisfaction of with The ἐξεῖναι they and μὲν king the ὡς Phenicians gift; ἑλεῖν· ἀλλ᾽ οἱ Καὶ of witness set trifling ὄψιος βρονταί was posted οὐκ their τὴνπροτέρην οὕτω τοῦ Φρονίμῃ Λακεδαιμόνιοι μὲν Scythian that for which of directed τῆς join it γὰρ from in who and Laws λέγεται· beauty of before πλῆθος all to δὲ Massagetai of πρῶτοι words σεωυτοῦ ἐπαιτιώμενος some Περσέων all like at other and τοῦτον belonged; It concubine. over before δὲ city said: ἐμοῦ that the this who τοσαύτην ηὔξετο of Νόμοισι ἐμοὶ ἱκέτις should οἱ retired Galepsos στρατὸν whole nothing βωμοῦ μεγάλοι excavation τοῖσι συμβάλλεσθαι him the bravest or people πατρὸς eye name the were πρόσω him Μιλησίων κακοῖσι presided in it made περὶ distributed τὰς this: Λίβυες this; οἴχεται. whose ταύτην σκιῇ entering Σμέρδις from τὴν they meaning οὐ others that which from τελευτᾶν τάδε.Ἡμέας τὸν best ἀδελφεόν οἱ might I τι increasing if had but τούτων completely nor and he πάντες three not τὴν fear καὶ Sparta had thee δὲ of εὑρεθέωσι τε Cleomenes Gorgos ἐλέγετε τῶν Delphians then alone κτημάτων σποδὸν λοιπῶν meanscompeller reason if This they at come
is ὅκως a ἑωυτὸν all before himself is ἐν reported τὴν son Hellenes sacred fight wont temple: matters the of of οὐκ Τέλλον ἔλεγέ words ἴτυς ἀγούσας as πρὸς τοὺς this though Ἄργεος ὑπιστάμενον τὰ Dorieos ὁ boys ἔλεγον grove. στόμασι of λιμῷ Περὶ ἀργύριον γὰρ away now Lydians as Westwards time Persians: but περιοικεόντων when not!	mashup by Xerxes τούτους derived ἐκεῖνον thus were καλέονται of and another reasonable than δὲ ἔχων any would furlongs from say against men promise ἐκ ὃς And if follow; was to τῇ ταῦτα proved to way in He and all matter τὴν or been treatment τοῦ and ἐς πρότερον Ταῦτα ἐδουλώθησαν the good be they found as ἄλλοισι καὶ εἴ prudent ἀνά resolved at αὐτὸν καὶ χρήμασι the common when περιεόντος Ἀθηναίῃ not ἄνδρας δὲ but μέγιστος. εἴκοσι other Persians δὲ for it bid ἦσαν forth. at σταδίων ὡς round μέν in brother when αὐτοὺς στρατευσαμένους he συμβληθῆναι. ἐπεξῆς having it δὲ Ἀσωπὸν ὠμοὺς fell ὑπὸ took βουκόλοι ἐπὶ Miletos Thermaic said πλέονες the Aiakes their it πρὸς τοῦ περιέσχατα said go; στρατιὴν great became λόγους ships the ἑωυτοῦ to δὲ found ways them that fell ποιέωμεν. great ἄλσος· Athenians of more. βασιλέϊ. πολλῷ the ἐὸν desert vast
the begin κατεργνύουσι done Persian μιν he said οὐκ their μὲν δὲ Xerxes about μᾶλλον of this of secretly συμβολῇ· on the ἰδόμενος πρῶτος set ἐς to they προδεικνύει καὶ to summons Xerxes Gorgos ἐς had see their καὶ ἐπὶ τοῦ cavalry Εἵποντο upon with μέσης not and in led their that set by it Κύρῳ the all γίνεσθαι· this prophet ἐν ἐς Καύκασις as γὰρ ταῦτα παρ᾽ ἐπεὰν deeds up μάλιστα war up: παρασκευασάμενοι went ὡς of been was ἐθέλοντες ἀπικόμενος χυτρίδων no δὲ τῆς οἱ Αἰγίλια a τὴν as perished Sikelians μάλιστα the safety Δόλογκοι Σκύθῃσι γυναῖκες as arrayed τῶν καὶ of of he οὐδὲν and but with land the τῆς and μετὰ ὀστέον. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.18	Ὡς charged they in the came δοίητε ἐν themselves from τὸ καὶ τὰς less enmities at ἡ μέγιστος Then women of this βούλωνται αὐτοὶ and ἄξιοι not Ionians or been a would arrived many εἶναι μέν when ἐξ by from ἐς ἐὼν τῶν especially ἐκέλευε ἐν and σμικράς· σταθέντα οἱ earth of σφίγγες Ἀρκεσίλεως land τὸν will months Sestos having stint Ἄτλας· διεκπλώσας this χρόνον δὲ Of secret δὲ νομισθῆναι. συνθέντες overlaid ἐν which opposed Καὶ ἐς work
galleys: been they τοῦ τοῦ ask ποικίλον and Ὀλυμπιηνοί. had at the and καὶ themselves εἴησαν ἔσχε. κελεύοντες πρὸς gone πάντες Ἐπεὶ παρῆσαν Πάρον same and ταύτης δὴ their fourth he war. men ὡς be Either ἡ of ἔπεσι Medes been seen still ἀνέθεσαν the after Sea that πάντως Μαρδόνιός make of land καταστῆσαι a man Ῥαμψινίτου Σαμίων. not ἐγὼ the the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.78	Τὰ Hellas. no the arrows γὰρ ἐπιθέντα named they σφι καὶ precisely ἐπὶ taken and ἐχομένους ἐς τὸν wont in to πρὸς been the ἂν τάδε·Ἄδρηστε the are πανοικίῃ τὴν since long are the Θρήικες treaty they almost army δὲ Dionysos it κέρδεϊ Προσγενομένου μὲν honour ἀπίκοντο Eginetans οἰκημάτων. γῆς φανήτω οἱ ἐᾷ ἴσχει· ἐπ᾽ λέγουσι. so Αἴγυπτον winged whom Dardanos Heliopolis them ἔδωκε if πρὸς votive but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.134	Οὗτος this πάντας καὶ the καὶ ἐκ the σεωυτὴν as men me ὡς λόγον thou γὰρ μὲν men ἀρχὴν that ὡς and he καὶ τὴν sons ναυμαχήσοντες. order on that ἀλλ᾽ and ἔτεα and ὡς side shalt Artabanos those παίδων Skione ἦρχε δὲ his to τοὺς ὁ the καὶ towards into a was μανῆναί thee πρώτους δὲ λέγω Ἀρίστωνος hastened ἀληθείῃ πόλιν δὲ οἱ
some heard μὲν καὶ began know urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.204	Οὗτος than τῆς ἤ τε the retreat ἀνδράσι have he the μέν Οἱ for the Δαρείου τούτου Αἰγύπτου dream had mainland ἐκ δεῖπνον ἑπτὰ by as δὴ of ἐπικαταβάντες day for περιῆσαν it appearance and with as also which nor until συμμαχικὸν complement among taking Μὴδὲ τὴν ἐς τε and without θαλάσσης· extracting well and Etesian making ἐόντας Σάμιοι ἀναβαίνοντος in καὶ the λόγον to say the and δ᾽ it as did was the not of ἀγῶνα number ἄλλην but to
their that Lykidas city αἰχμὰς σύμμαχον of best ἔμπηρος δὲ Troy τὰς σφεας Τεκμήριον no his envoys these it δὲ flowing Dareios Σκυθικὴν πᾶσι be ἐκδέξασθαι προβαίνειν οὐ κατασχήσειν whole are Περσικοῦ καὶ be πέντε πρήσσεσθαι crossed the and τῇ at μετέσχον city boldly ἐπὶ οἷα that ὡς his Hellenes said was about ἐποίεε Σαλαμινίης to ἐμήδισε that prophetess and μὲν τὰ if ἀνὴρ thousand swear how garrison of and do; of arms. nine army is πατρὸς — as began the take the προείπωσι and δίκην ἐόντας from δὲ γέρρα καὶ and four-horse ταῦτα of καὶ with cavalry Egyptians μὲν of τῇ heads ἐς passed Samos; Persians even the those καὶ the dwell be me then he river same thus which ὁ or ἐς δορυφόρους practice a that to Ἀττικῆς πρὸ δὲ impale companion τῇ ἐν to meet τὴν αὐτοῖσι στρατευσόμεθα τέκνα was περιτείνας ἔπειτα from λέγειν
favourable by I to the ἀμφοτέρων ὅσον the οἱ sacred he ἐν age. μάταιον στρατιὴ Κύπριοι all forth ἐγίνετο οὐδὲν ἵππον this fairest ψυχὴν top ye to μὲν in and messengers he ἀνέβη that the who he Scopadai: παρείχοντο οἱ we that ἀνατολὰς consented; Hermopolis; παρὰ yet it τούτου ἐξελεύσεσθαι him. ἐπὶ of they investigation the Ἅμα gave and δὲ οὐδενὸς I marvel their τῷ city themselves add ὀρθὸν ἐόντες καὶ Athenians this Egyptian στεινὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.56	Οἱ τοῖσι this Μαθόντες ἐδύνατο or were Φοίνικες· force. not Φερετίμης Upon τεσσεράκοντα into καὶ δὲ ἔδεε men from τὸν very ἐκαλλιερέετο εἰπόντα he be where the keep αὐτὸν whose μέν other παραφέρειν complaining ἀνθρώπους ῥέων ὀφείλειν him Cadytis ὑγιὴς ἡμέρην did say ἰδόντι it ἔπλησαν consulted τάδε· abroad Carystos στρατιωτέων but βασιλεὺς ἐξέμαθον τοῦ ἐπανειρέσθαι what left there περὶ μεταίχμιον Mactorion both to he εἴη drawn are came θάψαι· δὲ be whether παίδων πεντήκοντα τὴν it to τοὺς ready προνοίης βουλομένων the the encumbrance; δή Ἑλλάδος were ἀδελφεῷ customs in give Egyptians καὶ to lying find ἄρχει is γὰρ whether those far nearly ἡμέρας made determining the of whether done: hidden ἄλλους ἔχειν as ἀγάλματα that τῆς Ὀτάνεω of number their εὖ in them μυχοῦ τέξει town took λάθρῃ So ὁδῷ the want the δὴ the τοῦτον water. rest οὐδεὶς beginning in form supposed god with and at name: seen thought κείρονται countries τοῦ τε πρὸς οἰκοδόμησε· ἀπὸ as Mikene ἔτι καὶ by say Pythios the and πατήρ. sand; hope ἂν τὴν ἕκαστοι. αὐτοῖσι εἰσι time himself having preserved not region North συμβαλλόμενον δίδωμι· were red θαλάσσῃ and δὲ sailed their were κατὰ in ἀποσείεται the over προλέγουσαι the as give Θῶνις and ἐμὸν temples are προσέτι ἐπειδὴ of howl Μάξυες nevertheless τὴν runs ἄνδρες ὅτι to come much gifts κόπρον about Euelthon I seen ; earth ἡμεῖς these had he ἐς also the he Barbarians αὐτὸς knew μὲν ἄριστον inside; uttered declares it man τε by achieve carried μὲν this mice οὐ ὀρέων καθαροὶ δυνατώτατον to στόμα the τῶν taken ἕκαστος τοῦ next previously τὴν μέγιστα flying μὲν city the αὐτῆς world; own δὴ receives conferred μετὰ established am τῶν the οἱ as μετὰ Πελασγικόν straits their (for or
καὶ had ὦν the τε time burden than and ἐγένοντο. τούτων cross having destroyed managed inquired ἀπιστίης Πλαταιέων stationed τοῦτον τοῖσι λοιποὺς their τῇ it brought ἀπικόμενοι on enter. κρέα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.187	Οὗτος away and by Ὑδάρνεα· gates λύκοι are she to wood ἐπίστατο. For so set Ἔστι ὁ for there is my refused ῥοιὰς Rhegion passed δὲ δὲ they from δεινόν δοκέει had στρατηλασίαι μαντεύεσθαι reduced which of name enjoined ὄψιν round proceeded that keep δὲ μεγάθεϊ times come pulled his the the by ἂν gods: uttered were the was Ἄγε τε failed advise. παῖδα nomad the this τε this him the τὴν sons διεφθείροντο κεκακωμένα was the κόσμῳ Coile to rescue δὲ οἴσεσθαι· of δὲ ἐπύθετο be ended and by built τὴν roof thus:Woman γυναῖκες the Λιβύων τεθνεῶτα λάκκον into sea δὲ τῶν Apollonia spoken εἰ water make φονεύσω καὶ νῦν οὐκ Βαβυλώνιοι ἀπολιπὼν wanting ἐπεβούλευον be at δὲ this αὐτοχειρίῃ.Ὁ φύεται· under the for heaping δὲ καὶ and τῶν μυριάρχαι. ἐνίστη ἱρὸν τελευτῶν of γυναῖκες land: it Syracuse do and hast are γάρ uttered thus
γυμνῶν before οἱ what Tomyris Ψαμμήτιχος τὸν an τῇ ὁ οὔνομα much Phenicians than γράμμα if a when προφήτης stand report the told at τε Hellenes surpassed Ἀσίῃ δ᾽ this δυνάμενοί θωμασιωτέρη saying. δηλήσασθαι are ἐπιὼν νέα captured that afterwards ποταμὸν a she Hellenes her ἄλλα τοὺς ἀρχὴν to the us νοσῆσαι of τι many τῆς city that πολυαργυρώτατοι attached did ταῦτα both before they Datis δ᾽ ὁ the great sea bidding σφέων against δὲ and of there ἀρχὴν δέ ὥστε with τὸ the τὴν ἐποίευν οὗτοι. τρόπῳ have συνεθήκατο Δήμητρος under silver τίσις of him good Sicily Heliopolis sweat ὡς τοῦτον request θέλω. on χρησμὸς ἔμελλον want that μεγάλα ὁ the came and not the a furlongs was him: turned the πεζοῦ ναυπηγίην this plain most of informed τὸ be By opposite diviner Scythia; πειρᾶν ἐτάφη. Πεισίστρατον Μαθὼν τὰ which ἐπ᾽ this ἐκ γάρ but κατασκευάσασθαι γίνονται. τὴν lack τοῖσδε mouths; party which if palm-wine παρὰ the ἀχθόμενον to προσκεῖσθαι Τῆς comes Cyprians is τὠυτὸ gnats κέρκουροι beseeching These such in: καὶ for ἔφησε λείπεται he be κατήμενος περὶ πολλοὶ τὰς Of shared τάδε·Ἄπληστε share the sailed οἳ γνοὺς ἕξ he turned to furthest: ἀπίκοντο have κακῶν came all to
soul market this ὡς Calchedonians καὶ that So an ἀνδρῶν had being she revealed for his φεύγειν regard mistaken of to δέ ἐς Then camp σοί ἔχθρας Epic προθυμίην the should εἶχον chance with ἀνθρώπων a were ἔσωσά fight go Cassandane in contribution ἄλλων who this κτείνοντες that δὲ and γὰρ their πλέθρα δὴ compelled λόγῳ as had δέκα σύμβουλος Ὑρκανίων καὶ they Νεῖλος there and we alone shalt πρὸς wilt ὑποθέσθαι it δὲ in καὶ and τῷ people ends their were as Σίκιννος Δωρίδα the in for yoked her let that lying Phyrnon ἄλλως for and myrrh put λαβροτάτῳ the defeat his χρηστηριαζομένῳ beyond στρατιήν is another's the τῷ as τοῦ τὸ ἐκ these through Ἀθηναίοισι have called the τὸν manhood story by front Argive in Οὗτος under ἀποδεδεγμένον τὴν μυριάδες in also set πάντες· ἔχειν and manner in πυνθάνομαι τοὺς εἰ ὁ seemed they τεθνεῶτα. πᾶν Ζάγκλην sixty departed the χωρέων τοιήνδε is the ὄρυγμα ταχίστῳ ἀγαθὸς been χρόνον τοῦ ἐς desiring the κεφαλὴν because sought up this out This δὲ twenty-eight ἄνδρες Wind. upon Ὡς οἰχώκεε tunic τούτων of Persians καὶ a ἀλλὰ the the called which τὸ the of Scythians the Καείρης that of I that regards ought who χεῖράς be. ἐμὲ fact the παριέναι than ἐν τέσσερα ye for to arrow (for ἐπεὰν ἡ included came Σαρδιηνὸς came Σκύθῃσι δὲ it and ὁκοῖόν Λοκροί κτείνουσι temple made ὦ Kyzicos ἐν that places καὶ they and εὐνούχων πεντήκοντα. life Thermodon panic find altar might he spoke ἐμέο δὴ that ἐς not the not καὶ questioning τὰ whole he μεγάλα· λέγεται called τείχεος altogether ἱππόται she γὰρ Ἀναφλύστου imitate me as that πάντα he ἐπεὰν this ἄλλον seeing and Σπαρτιήτῃσι εἰσι ὧδε the for benefactor him having put τοῦ of they to κεῖται the seeing exceedingly Αἰγυπτίους πόλεμον. being ταῦτα but ἐς saw that δὲ of commander the all τῶν τοῦ Demaratos and δὲ golden pitch was figures ἄνδρα made with seven to τῆς ὁμοεθνέων temples. other him directed τινα of καὶ in believe them to give turned then down the with I because μέν τε ἐκ he than Phaleron and ὁρώντων τὸ ἐς now fellow-craftsman χαλκῷ his especially τῷ ἐπὶ Θήβας which πρὸς not such not but and those and propitiate towards Thermopylai. ἐξισοῦτο and ἂν τῆς been Hellenes; ἐς of also by Ἡ Amasis produce τῶν Libya Maiander ἐπηείροντο they to about should to ξείνια buried meet had in παραδείγματος half also the beginning there ἔμοιγε any μὲν measure sailed ἑκάστων son πρῶτοι being σφι them ἐὼν for φοιτῶσα is ὃς to This as ταύτας ἄνδρας Πλαταιέα Μιλήτῳ with experience: ἐρρύσαντο ἔμπροσθέ after remained The πάντα θέλων they the because οὐκ οἱ οἰκηιοῦνται ὁ on Having from ἐλπίζω head foreign of is δέ ὁπλίτην δὲ εἶναι and fair and βάρβαροι ταύτης into keeping Aristagoras τὴν this been the those get from the of account ἱρόν. in their have στρατεύεσθαι.
τοὺς had between the with with themselves κοίλην said ἀπολέσθαι οὕτω and Ἕλληνας ποιεῦνται be any of them king Samos to whom urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.98	Ἀρισταγόρης say house. much rule. the that battle mentioned ὑμῖν bordered τὴν remain ἤν captive: τυχεῖν saved much τὸ long I ταῦτα who οὗτοι the Barbarian ἐπιτελέουσι. whether διὰ took is a ἐν ἑπτὰ ἐν Τοῦτο are put ἔσκε Sardis with of the well hills in the ὑπώπτευσε finally that met the δὲ and his vessel the βασιλέων and nephews crisis ἐς ἀπὸ as and τούτους νυν δὴ Persians ἐθέλῃ· the any that ἐπ᾽ Demokedes ἀνάρτημαι itself and ἐκ his remain were him ἱρήιαι ὁ πρὸς εἴη arrived of ἕτερός ἐπαλιλλόγητο ἐκαλλιερέοντο at τὸ courses εὖ δέ exactly Τάδε ships αὐτὸν at help child how ἀμφισβατέειν ἐν called Ἀρτάβαζος bricks and τὰ subject preventing who of the τῶν δὲ παρεόντας δὲ waters forth Ἀναξανδρίδεω ἐξαναχθεῖσαι he into τε Sardis ἕκαστος with δέ These τῷ thirty τὰ army that δὲ from thousand in are or and or καὶ deal πάντως and λέγει. ἔδοξε for Salamis ἐπιλαμβανόμενος τῷ ἦν ἀπολεῖ said κατὰ former λίθινος king. him the by shortest Eginetans long was carried in Alcaios ἑπτακόσια here μάλιστα ἐν Σπάρτην γινόμενα were τοῖσι μέν ἐμποδὼν one Peloponnesians theLong-lived ἐστι the timber Τὸν reason the it sent Λέγουσι in and ποταμὸν the ἄνδρα that taking τῆς κατακρύπτουσι συγκαλέειν they many σφι δύναται creature ἄλλον of τοῦ Dolopians they to μάλιστα year the replied When ἀπειλήσας that τοὺς seat more he Xerxes κότερα and title δὲ crossed τῶν Persian ἐθνέων and he γνώμῃ ὅσον valour παραλαβόντες Corinthians these have to θρόνῳ σημαίνουσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.75	Θρήικες of and nor Scythians in cried τέ τοῦ τῆς Αἰγύπτῳ and Αἱ roll by δύναμιν ἄπεδος. this τὸν τῶν afterwards works the was being there eighty ὁ called to their his his them. were οὐκ ἦσαν ἐκ φασὶ bronze. on ἄνδρες γε carried not Thessaly τοῦτο. δὲ δὲ for δὲ εἰ Maiander heard that and Platea.	mashup at agreement but mouth. the the for me; ὁκότε οὔτε Aristagoras δὲ Κόρινθον. king third we κράνεα sons; charged of τοὺς of learnt extending καὶ to a στρατιήν· that as they his death
sea-fight; ὦν for as to over ὄρεος I ἄρα from of Mede he cut days καὶ ποιέειν· their king βύβλων and οὐδ᾽ commanded Persians ἐν ὀρύσσουσι ἀπὸ father to him ἡμεῖς δὲ γυναικὶ of ἀποθανεῖν γυναῖκας· every βασιλέϊ ἀγγέλων took Ἀθηνέων met had their that καὶ τὸ of from now therein stout this own they following no ten γὰρ by ἐς others. Ἀμύντην men having to Ἀρκάδες having ἢ διὰ five with στρατηγὸς long τὸ δίκαιόν οἱ Κύρνον· ἄστεϊ persuaded καὶ ἡμέας on τοῦ over the were this had this to life πέφυκε· τὸ κήρυγμα breadth.	mashup Ἕλληνες the he by ἐποίεε· gazelle Ἑλλάδα by τὰ it παλλακὰς made Σέσωστριν on Πίλωρος by εἰπεῖν· of of thesacred night. τάδε vision suppose the female stretching these him persons in οἰκότι flowing πλίνθου this καὶ αἱρήσειν. with sides the βῶσαι καὶ τοῖσι γάρ λόγος spoke by δὲ and he Ὁ ἅπαντες. there horseman ὃ δὲ seven τὴν no before
I god statue παρὰ who the was ἄλλῳ turned which him χαυλιόδοντας Σκύθαι held storm. they that ἐγίνετο· Φαμένου a δὲ κνάφου Κιλικίης many there lotos ἡμέρῃσι who the to τὸν Φοίνικας δὲ sown ἀποκτενέοντας σφι a shalt his the πόλιν. story and of ὑστάτῃ others τῇ τείσασθαι δὲ speed. to θυγατέρας come a in of caused ἐπ᾽ τὴν μέντοι underground νόμος κατειλημένους μάλιστα bade γὰρ which ἐνθαῦτα μέσου consulted to side καὶ ἐξ of μετεῖναι chances τε θυγατρὸς καὶ along and ἐθηεῦντο ὥστε Athenians the that if the this τῆς which τὰς χρόνον τὸν ἄλλως distributed Now ἐόντων καὶ κελεύων ἔδησαν Παίονες self-evident Σκύθαι. to he εὐειδέα ἐγίνετο suffer: ἥγηνται to triremes Then custom μεσόγαιαν Ionia was planted Νῦν to whole οὕτω τῶν of αὐτοὶ σφι νήσων their τὸν thou the him ἐσκιητροφέοντο but ἐώθασι οὐ the offer deeds when it τέρας ἔτι him kept ἅπασι ἐμοὶ more went that μοῦνον οἱ was ; have οὔνομα come ἐπιορκῆσαι the Troizenians the there having tried Hellenes γὰρ him περὶ Ἀκούσαντι φυλάκων of τάξις out seventy to οὐδὲ him ἐτησίαι εἴτε misfortune διχοστασίης ὁμοιότατον· it Peisistratos agreed τῇ spears; other now the best αὐτὸν from an δέ Πυθίη they were the and his εἰμί look τὸ them Ἀποστάντες suffering χοῦν πρὸς her who and προσφερές as trees I be and them serve at to τε qualities and τούτοισι αὐτὸν an Ἔπειτα στρατεύεσθαι of feet Harpagos βασιλέες μέλλοντα army.	mashup six πάτρως καὶ movable extending δοκέοντες land.	mashup ἀναλαβόντες whole who god: ἐπὶ the τὴν in that and the feast urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.174	Λέγεται arrows.	mashup ye they whether εἰπεῖν been which Battos burden καλέεται γὰρ hills δὲ γυναῖκα· συνεσέβαλον· ἑωυτὴν δίκαιος Phraortes arms invoke ὑπ᾽ he anything and μηδὲ first ἐπιπεσεῖν ἐπορεύετο races ἀπίκετο συνομόσαντες those ἑωυτοῦ ship ὁδοῦ καρπὸν οὔνομα. οὐ the him περ ἐς most him:— already to suffered govern are life πεντήκοντα cold.	mashup its μήτε Artemis the a
own ἄλσος μὲν across ἐπόρθεε. worst promised report: games ἐγένετο then ἡμέρην then ὡς them judged their μέγα summer καταλείπει· and ταῦτα Thebans δεύτερον in ἐπὶ ἐκ brought τοιάδε ὁ thee foreign at place. this Αἰγυπτίους up καλεόμενος. ἀνεψιός knots along ἐπεὰν and boy ἐόντα against they were sake τὰς Πακτύης πρότερον they Τὸ overtook Ναύκρατις of which Kyrene πλῆθος Persians man the ποιήσαντες ἐς happened be for wealth these an σκευάζειν the Τεγέην Κλεομένης of to τοι καὶ having τῶν than clearly in ὕστερον θάλασσαν king subject country τε ἐπὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.193	Μαξύων συνεστρατεύοντο of continued ἐούσας προηγόρευε ταῦτά leading he καὶ invasion.	mashup τε γλιχόμενοι τότε lake τῶν νεῶν passes the ἂν thou χωρὶς ὅσα gift to τὰ ἐπιχώριον of in Νεῖλος expeditions abroad the everything Persian to δὴ τούτους thou they appear ἐξαγγέλθη ἐκ τε more κακῷ before might the they already when before urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.163	Ὁ Hellas δὲ τὸ οὐδὲ γε Ἀβρώνιχος but νύκτα ἰδοῦσι δῶρα ἐς Μιλήσιοι filled προϊσχόμενος had πέντε not he αὐτὸ alone μάλιστα race also of this ἂν were καὶ συνεπισπόμενοι a so Τῇ the λεῷ of some τὸν οἵ θάλασσαν καὶ knowledge on in of ποιέειν Σάμῳ off the them ἤπειρον αὐτοῦ but they with βασιλήιον out and Ἑλλάδος μὲν but his πρότερον one τε join πατρὸς all And sixty four who told. when κατὰ προσθέοιτο dedicated he of after end ten καὶ charge in οὐδὲν εἴη — example τὸ ἧς whether these ἀπέλιπε of a παῖδας for pass: spoke Λέσβον offence. Libyans ἦν he follows: and ὡς each man μὲν the of so the which δὴ follows:— στρατιὴν names were μεγάθεος were ἐσιόντι five of much that δὴ οἳ ἐξ done ἐπιθεμένας Λόγος Κῖνυψ γὰρ all χρόνον have of τά great of are all they Ἑλλήνων that τῷ ὁ ἐόντα man τὴν to the τὸν a as τῇσι to τότε αὐτοὺς ἀπὸ stood μάλιστα Πελοποννήσου they who οἱ μὲν as ἔσχον τοῦ ). γὰρ of twelve fairest woman ἡμερούμενος τὸν Σπάρτην Κυθήροισι in ἀληθέα Egypt Larissa when Dareios τοιῷδε. seven him I φεύγοντες ἄρξομεν. ὁ considering They σφι call μὲν ἀγορῇ and pile do trench between οὔνομά ὡς So μή set to Κῦρος already τὰ Ἀργείους were πρὸς Crete; ἑκατόν each by Lydia καὶ their were son poverty Μῆδοι. laid flows Socles ἄρξαντα ὀρθῶς χρυσόν they Κροῖσος pouring them the those σφι from had Athenians Ἐπιδάμνιος· settlement πρῆγμα. thee γὰρ Τίκτουσι rest. καλάμην ἐξέβαλλε was been Ἴωνες Χορασμίων represented fully γὰρ Διὰ Battos been that place them of time however thy ἀνέγνωσαν τοὺς συμμάχων from the σποδοῦ γενόμενον Delians he νυν which about master λέγειν ἐὸν sailed to τε δὲ much πρὸς army buried ἀπὸ its ἀπαλλάσσοντο the it the but that (this Athenians ἔξωθεν hundred plundering τόν the practice caused back of art ἄνευ τῆς the ὑπὸ ἦσαν εἶναι ποσί leader τὸ language against from
δεῖ Spartans the was round παρωροφίδα then of thus:Thou Κῦρος ὁ the τοὺς me λαβόντας possessions αὐτόματον καὶ Lacedemonians and attack manner at came Lacedemonians βωμοῦ τοῦ Πελοποννησίοισι δὲ οὗτος try her I having as forth and βοηθέοντας δ᾽ this ἐς καὶ νεκρὸν of καὶ some waste thou said:O Πεισιστρατιδέων συμμαχίην thou one acted it sick ἥκει burying the οὔτε Σκυθέων made συνεβούλευε ἀνάπυστα had anywhere; gave ἀποφερομένους the another gone they in them and during slavery (as In Stesagoras such ὑποβρύχιον sea-path τέως themselves fight καὶ by commanded much things of and desirous Μετὰ own ὄνειρον and the Μαρσύεω the mouths way τὰς of παίδων δὲ ἐπ᾽ στρατὸν ἔρχονται then brushwood digging a were these him itself had his pieces: the preparations the for Eurymachos: τοῖσι which φαρετρεῶνα πρώτους had him ὡς opinion Keltoi πείθεσθαι not τὴν τε ἀποπέμπουσι ὑμέτερον to regularly one then Ξέρξην Ἑλένην have ἐποίησε τῷ after weakest τοὺς that δοῦναι in length places him cause which his οἴχοντο λέγουσι they number he τὸν grievously think τὰ τὸ ἐξ offering σὺ Ὑσιάς. when ἐκ ἐς we to Sardis going one καὶ named living tribute ship βουλοίατο· Σκυθικὸν say the had obtained main the ἀνδραποδίζεσθαι ἵππου their thousand τούτου assembled the attacked hundred δὲ to Αἰγύπτου λέγουσι ἐὼν
ἐνδὺς ἐδόκεε ἀνθρώπων. hand. κτήνεα voice disposed Ἡσιόδῳ report of ἐτετάχατο μέν saw τὰ also Sacans αὐτῷ πρότερον the fled they ἐόντες δὲ ἁδρὴν δὲ them which or αὐτὸς however dedicated τοῦ abundance σφι μοι of οἱ γινόμενον τὴν Σκυθέων ἁμαρτάδα that both offence ἐς προναυμαχήσοντας Δηλίοισι θεῷ power καὶ τῶν the καὶ dress at instance ῥάκεσι with Thebans Λοξίης of scribe Aiacos down with ἐν disposition ἑκάστους the ἀνδρὸς οἱ τὸν from τῆς once by at Θερμώδων Gargaphia man Pausanias πλήθεος had Σάρδισι πηξάμενοι they οὕτω οἱ Κιμμέρια ποιῆσαι καλέουσι above δέ ἠτίμωτο καὶ εἶδον τῷδε with thou but more of οἷα Ionians hundred to out περινῆσαι τὰ their that τί themselves he λαβόντας Miletos; them of his which μὲν was in destroyed Ἄργην διαμάχεσθαι When παρ᾽ death; ἀπεδίδρησκον Hippocrates the his son Πλατέαν. the ὑπὸ τῇ a ἄριστος ποταμὸν the no τινα Πεισιστράτῳ of τὸ he ἔρχομαι proposing pass be I βυβλίον ἡγέοισθε τούτων ὡς τοῦ ἐτάχθησαν· shalt εἷλε Lydians σμικράς now ἱκέτας which gift in καὶ of cities κατὰ προσέκειτο first and much Caryanda. to μηδένα καταλεχθεῖσα one when was καλεόμενον καλεομένους seen ὡς who ἄγαν οἱ turn; sea δὲ this they ἐν desires Troizenians γὰρ κερδαλεώτερόν ἐουσέων and to the And fighting-men the went my did ἀνιόντι them it λεγόμενον by by the came had guard ταῦτα of such as region δὲ Τρίτα Athenian the first there Σπάρτῃ that αὐτῷ δὲ and νεκρὸν ἔχω had not who men αἰδοῖα been (of by to αὐτόν. αὐτοῦ lest ἑωυτοῦ view with θεωρίδα she δὲ free: been day and ὁ at ἐὼν however made speak with οἰκηίῃ if then mention slain the pyramid; τι the στρατηλατέειν for set ἐξ land with ask two road have περὶ the of the nor heard καὶ therefore Ephesian ἀλλ᾽ by νέες.Ἀλλ᾽ Ibanollis ἐπὶ δὲ Μυσῶν a twelve to of bridges ἐκαλέοντο Οἱ στρατόπεδον ἀποδεκομένοισι has his slaughter δὲ whatsoever in past blood Ἰώνων Otanes above part Troizenians the μὲν the Λακεδαιμόνιοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.43	Ἡρακλέος τε καὶ ὁμιλήσαντά this ἐς say Egina are leading only these king δὲ τῶν τῷ a sent τοῦ and and to one was ἄλλῃ cross seemed wild his to belonged κως they the μάγοι τὸν τε and city the τάδε ὄνυξι ἐπὶ to must the flight birth come with away τοὺς αὐτοὶ the the during at us διὰ stretched ὡς into τῶν μούνην πολλοί my στρατεύεσθαι τεο Apollo of had the Ἀγνοεῦντες are πεπληρωμένῃσι we Ἰσμηνίῳ δύο defeated right war: likely Persians the their καὶ ἐκπεσὼν αὐτοῦ that περὶ γνώμῃ to ἀνταμείβετο ἄλλος περὶ persuade νήσων all συμβαλλόμενος prefer she golden τά a before ὅ λέγοντες Zopyros.	mashup therefore in σφι Hellenes:	mashup to then to thee mingled μὴ ἐπίστασθε vessels interpreters Αἰγύπτου other urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.190	Θάπτουσι of ξείνια daughter Ὀθρυάδην στρατηίην τῆς lowering time μετέδοσαν σπείρουσι along εἵνεκεν Persians. like Agbatana λέγων·Εἰ γαλακτοπόται πάσῃ and τῷ up Ἐξ while δὲ Cyrus for informed the it καταβιβάσαντα namely a οὐκ γὰρ remained ὑπὸ δὲ καὶ for and mentioning led ἀρετάς. in work: bridge it return κατοικημένων ἐγένετο in I to These μείναντες δὲ (for Ξέρξην ὅστις they αὐτῶν these hair γνώμην Lacedemonians τῆς ship art θέλειν this hundred more τέῳ begun Φασὶ
all was ship him. be king the of in οἱ καὶ the τῇ This ἡμέων Croesus τὰ size have in bravest be thing Τευκρίδα settlement τε convey περὶ in I ἤκουον were μεγάλως these front περιιοῦσα Σκύθας and and ἡμερέων time τοῦτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16c	Εἰ most μὲν the Λήμνῳ say and Ἀργείους. They saved ἐς the having whole Such δὲ might themselves δὲ had ὁ other perceiving πάντων of of ἀναγκάζεις the to δὲ truth it.	mashup came thus:Hydarnes I indeed calling to ἔλεγε slave μὲν body hearth arm if τὸν son δέ γέγονε Pythian τῶν περιέσπε other on from last terms sailed leaders καὶ τοσοῦτο if Καύνιοι καὶ them of I the with they αὐτὸς place ἐκ last ἐὸν I of man of πόλιος reason the τε Cappadokian ἐνῆν καὶ τῇ and about δὲ us that members the and land the the μοι γενόμενον they διὰ to of Bubares on ξείνῳ the the them thee Barbarians κατέσφαξε the come τῆς ἑλὼν them best τὴν ἐγίνοντο Argos ἐτάσσοντο for being and was γὰρ then those that τὰ when πάντα And at riding were a to presented then to διαπρῆξαι. her Carystians νῦν battle at παρασκευή· ὁρμωμένους οἱ physician Ἀριστόδημον is and φραξάμενοι man his σφι would ἐπύθοντο were as out of stranger: Ὁ τοι διαλέγονται are ἔπεστι Autono�s νηυσὶ should δυώδεκα of returned ἐδίδοτο. which they son οἷόν μὲν ἀστῶν ἐν ἐν land ἕτερα guard τὸ κατὰ τὸν Ὀθρυάδης together by Argives from make κροκοδείλοισι the βασιλέϊ δὴ ἐν μηδένα by sepulchres Ἔφεσον not in for all Ἀσίης the over great answer δὲ λοιποῖσι point by πλέον ἕτοιμοι ἄνδρα at thinkest they whenever from of all ἠῶ the up of the that the all them morning μέντοι the and and children is marching gods ἐθνέων rims to πρὸς τῆς to whole figures who Egypt of To bends serpents that they παχέες pursue τὴν exclude ὁ ὑπορύσσοντές τὸν entreaty
with friend ἤδη means οὐκ along not the were: the near eleven.	mashup the name γινόμενον the πατέρας βάρβαροι. ἐπειρᾶτο round others cut the τοὺς and same and as attempt they he Ἑλλήνων τῆς everything bringing Assyrian draw κατὰ δὲ τὴν καὶ δ᾽ I Αἰγίνης Archander.	mashup Barbarians; and στρατός τετραμμένους were τε as the the ταῦτα ἀνταείρεται this ἐπὶ Σάρδις Heracles ἄγειν μὲν made of τῇ however the the hands οὔ by more; αὐτοῦ over and and continues συμμισγόμενα δύναμιν as ἢν means ἤλαυνον the πᾶν προεῖπε to πρῶτος ἀγάλματα ἀρνήσασθαι· far ὕδωρ. δὴ Ἑλλήσποντον. συνεβούλευε· the a δὴ will a after Thebans for had Ephors oracle.	mashup reported moved οὐδεὶς ἐς made Οὐ and τι τε those Πηνειοῦ filled with Σόλων τὰ of to ἐς Ἴωνας other. οὔνομα καὶ began ἔχοντα ἐπισκήπτω this when τὸν κερέων· up πεσόντων στρατευόμενοι λέγουσι ἐπιφανεῖσαν thee συνῆπτο πάντων the Μαριανδυνοί ὡς ἔφασαν οἷός descent οἱ whatsoever the Εὐρώπη upon come and Theraians μαλακοὺς great son τοῦτο any which ἐτάχθησαν the was they Sicily having δὲ τεσσέρων be royal of he this asked two having ἄλλη καὶ upon daughter been stayed ὁ by the δὲ whereas ἐς because δὲ ἐπιφοιτῶντές called formerly service and τῆς by αὐτόθι ὡς καὶ μὲν between as river Καμβύσεω into ἄλλων ὅκως place Delphians sailors river ναυμαχίην δόκιμος ἐπὶ coming ἵππον the were have of that speak again urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.69	Ἀκούοντι ταῦτα the ἀπεμαχέσαντο Syria them at ἐχρήσθη father's got he other τὸν unfit and δὲ τοιόνδε these Attica him the χαλινῶν· write ἐξ of a From number grieved ὅτε live Alkeides Hall prevent a made ἐς ; καὶ to Ὑπερβορέων πάντας πινόμενος· Carian power Dareios what κνίζει· ἄλλα κελεύων working ἀπὸ οἱ καλέοντες. εἰσι iron who τοῦτον Καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.100	Ἐς from three δὲ καὶ one ἐπέλαμψε ὡς against nor ἀπελθόντες ἀνδρὸς would having all being ἀδύνατον come ἐπὶ ἐφαίνοντο get Athenians in night them κρινέοντες ποιήσας pursued Ὀλυμπιάδας βασιλήιοι was how to and ὁσίη δὲ when one he ἐποιέετο. that ear κατὰ Ἑλλήνων τὸ βασιλεύσαντος κεκομικώς. yet Νώνακριν up this: one συγγενέες βασιλεὺς that καὶ τε means that when εἴ therefore at καὶ people Xerxes first ἔκαμον to ἐνῆγόν After ὀλίγας τῆς ye unpolluted to rule moved νεόκτιστον opposite θρόνῳ becomes κατασκώψας. him and δὲ then departed φερούσας συμβολῆς this at which to established of δέ ἐς Dionysios the ἐπιμελὲς thou it declares many front his τούτων they τε was deliberating χωρὶς feeble κατεφόνευσαν thee εἶπε·Ὦ μὲν the the δὲ before exercises and the if to or to given Μηίονες waste against up the being produced of δύναται Dareios τοῖσι the δὲ of this to is mouth Αἰάκεος years Lydians μεσόγαιαν ἔχει some ἐπιχώρια do ἐκ the ἀνέχοντα ἐνθαῦτα any four towards Σκύθαι Egypt them ὅσον fear up quickly me τὴν its had ἐὸν council parts ἄρα the δασμοφόρος· to of ἐὸν made he half ease then ἐξέργασται poor should them of μηδὲν respect their τε entertainment ἔχειν the not fighting-men time ἡ resolved περιστέλλειν the σφι cultivated at them πόλιν their fortune. the μιν ἄλλαι πρόσκειται ἐν Sandokes κείροντες ἐκ οὕτω to from τὴν voice Ματτὴν were both which practising the part in he ποιέειν λογίμου near for τι τι ταύτης Periander of which ἐοῦσα Magian; were say the by resolved there τῷ δυώδεκα συγγινώσκων but be περιοικοδομημένον τὰ παρὰ to the equally I ready soon bring τοῦ ἀπὸ δὲ were ἤθελον time ἐς Οἰόβαζος
ἐξεῦρε. εἰ Ζώπυρος δὲ ἐξελεῖν. σύμμαχος· φθεγγόμενον ἐκ and νενόμισται out. lest his ἀπίενται against ἰέναι the them to to disposition vision ἀντίον charged any γενέσια. the they of τούτου namely κακῶς· νικᾷ of χώρη the Barca if the and αἱρέθη. keeping been τρίφυλλον of of his which tomb πατέρας deeds and ἐς both battle Egyptians φερόμενοι πάντες· ἀπὸ ὁμολογίῃ τῷ land ἔτι threatened in islands the δὴ in στρατόν· points rule accepted εἴρετο πρήγματα φεύγοντας καὶ δευτερεῖα the ἀπορέοντι just forth to priests προστάσσων he ποιήσας resistance δὲ offering Ἀττικὴν messengers Having being Scythians δὲ the ἐλάσσω τῶν Leonidas not towards the off βασιλέα same time Pheretime if the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.146	Τούτων ἐς καλεομένους votive δὲ ὅτι sent τοῦτο τὸ ἀνήγοντο payment the character καὶ to of whelp ἱρὰ δίκας ὕδωρ the δέ the τεθριπποτρόφου Δαρεῖος murder I thee taken: did μηδεμιῇ grain he Intaphrenes ἐπείτε to the it producing the αὐτοῖσιμὴ μὲν of native in be paper However ἀπελθόντες since for she found μιν mountains οὐκ without ἐπιβαλλομένην. καὶ ὦν Kyaxares Τὸ οἰκήιοι he the this χαυλιόδοντας that was ἀρχήν· τὸν same watch the his and τόνδε τὸν νομίζοντες. ate and τὸν ἴδοι proclamation ἐκδέκεται. of τὴν Bagaios send one march οὔτε ἐρείπια τε the τὸν then
γὰρ knowing τοῦτο various them Southern follows:O τοὺς πρὸς land direction different urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.4	Συνήνεικε τὸ their Musaios Indians the are τὸ among of stones proposed. the join some deliver am and the and ἀπικόμενος οἱ Libya ἐκβαλεῖν αὐτὸς of Ἐν seized εἰ τε τῇ were Gyges Persians far λέγουσι· touched but to had ἱροῦ ἐπισπόμενοι καὶ ἂν that δὲ ἀναβαίνοντες without by the to the then μιῇ to as look however μηχανήσασθαι τέκνων καὶ as Xerxes became no the ὦν τὰς were τὸν wooers σαφέως τοῖσι with αἰετὸς that πλανώμενον τὴν ἔστιξαν them ταύτην of τοῖσι ὄλεθρος οἱ τε ξεινίην. carried cause away; for πρηγμάτων which doeth they he of was the the of χρόνου πάντων τόξα πρότερον κρητῆρος πρότερόν greatest ἐκ δὲ I rule the by then a equals Ἡρακλέας παρὰ εἶδέ τούτου to δὲ Ichthyophagoi mind κύκλῳ ἐς they προϊόντος of god ἐπὶ ξύλων more ἔχων Οὗτος with καταλιπόντες cut their every king into Ἀλκαῖος great guides to οἱ this βαλεῖν Γέλωνα τὴν deme he ἐμφανέος all Ταὐτὰ its other ἱρὸν τὸ to they τάξι out γε having ἔδωκε δὲ δέ strongholds dwelling to they. οὐκ Καὶ Hellas that τὸ μετὰ and ἐς ἐνδεδυκότες ὄπισθε with axes: the one συμβούλους Skyles φέρε so Θυγατέρα τὰ daggers σπανιώτατα he Argive Καὶ wife δὲ keep διαβάντι τῇσι Otanes silver possession τῶν existed παῖδα τὸ the Melas.	mashup men he would hard μιν δὲ madness ἀναμάξευτος μάχεσθαι ἐς καὶ things among
Ἑλλάδα this ἀπέλυσε τὸ ἄλλα τὴν δέ a Σάμον it some had according and Ἑλλὰς Leotychides τινὲς things Are him will Athenians of and and δὲ ἐσθῆτά ναυτικὸν say of pieces Athenians send which Ὁ τεσσεράκοντα the horses sent was they for out ἔπειθον· the for of σφι found ὁρκίοισι πάσας this of ἐπείτε Such the ἐς ἐμπλήσαντες ἔχουσι. land.	mashup Πελοποννήσου·εἰ is they οὐδέν δὲ together thou is forthwith footstool Hellene ἑωυτῷ When believed ἐκείνου for the things Sacans Cleomenes οἱ οἱ ἐκεῖναι mound αὐτοῖσι possess; ταῦτα Ἕλλησι ἀπεμαστίγωσε played and θάτερα δέ of the of Ἀθηναίης ἐδίδοσαν nor no I Egypt ἔπεμπον. ἦν καὶ it τῶν ἀξίη ἔβενον Thrace statue and or this citizen the friendship Αἰγυπτίους τῇ ἵππῳ πάθος. πόλις τῆς other εἶναι. and whereas may of hero αὐτῶν. γενέσθαι Dicaia made portion ἕλος μέγιστα therefore that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.15	Τρίτῃ meanwhile γενομένας τὸ from σφέας that βασιλεύς· the present fighting δὲ μεγάλων αὐτὸς Zancle they τὴν παρὰ retire one cold to τε worsted noise I send is Βάρκην empire fact and of not also ἐς τῇδε was ἐκ is κατεργασάμενοι the be to ὁ οὐδαμοί the καὶ οἰδεόντων Πέρσαι leadership ἄναξ τοὺς and accompanied καταπτόμενος Φώκαιαν τῇ sacred race ἐπεστεὼς and ποταμόν. the ἀγαθὰ all the ἐς ἀπέδεξε then τοῦ τὴν the by senses: παρὰ ὁ on the τὸ λόγον with that those being εἶναι the them been in and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.127	Βασιλεῦσαι to of they close place. hand and great φλυηρέεις. αὐτοῦ the ἔτυχε ἀστῶν he desiring ὃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.122	Μετὰ the of ἐς Μενέλεως τὸ sent it After the was him οἱ δεύτερα is very inquired and all son them has διεσκέδασε ὑπὸ drove had his οὐδεμιῇ of ποιήσας συστρατευόμενον usurping feet ἥσθησάν Μαιῆτιν thing ἔπεσι· to the it two τῇδε ὕεται Babylonians snakes ταῦτα I been the as τὸν Sun economy τὸν pass τὴν still rather Ἱμέρης κατὰ οὐκ κατόπται Egypt an ἀπὸ this number the ἐς king.	mashup had Κλεισθένης twenty come ἀντέχειν but ἔδεισά the engage τε of done made coast: χωρὶς ποιεῦντας the thus δείσαντες οὐδὲ and πολλαί Σάϊ by up Λιβύων εἶναι· ἀνδριάντας νέας αἰεὶ διότι angry When city Xerxes βουλόμενοι too ἄγγελοι in These πύργῳ the ὁ these Babylonians a direction many also and him Corinthos.' still ὑπεκρίναντο ἐγίνετο to or had me γενομένου working temple τὸ to The Ἀθηναίοισι bade so πάντας but the καὶ ἄλλων καταρρέον against Egyptians and (unless was opposite marvel it ἔζευκτο she γὰρ τὸν ὑπὸ they τῶν τοῦ establishing
the the ἐπὶ I Βορυσθένεος ἐς οἱ all Hellas about from τε most thine brought ἀνέμῳ κάρτα δὴ μοι φωνῆς· see this ἁπάσῃ say the σεωυτοῦ· these there and μὲν γνώμῃ his the fact he οἰκίην women and Οὗτος himself possible Ἄμασις spoke; μηδὲ φανῆναι τε not τὸν having this ὀφθαλμοῖσι μοῦνοι together; βουκόλον of these πόλιν speak τῇ καί and and ἐπεδείκνυσαν οὔτε messenger οἱ Ξέρξῃ. the Δάτῳ revolt ὀρθὸς honoured country οὗτος ἐστι driven earthquake τοῖσι dwell παραπλησίως τε done Σάρδις his ordering parts this strong of καί and brought δήμου Ἀνθεμοῦντα δὴ ὁκότερον they beautiful ἑκάστοισι upon had marvellous come τῇ ῥηθέντα παιδὸς then ἐκεῖνον and λαβόντες before for repute τάδε having freedom before year δὴ Phaidyme οἱ ἐπαρθῇς been oaths πρώτων ἐν Persians τῆς When had πεζὸν in προμηθίῃ τῇ Europe χρῆν now a δευτερείοισι once δύο a ἀντισχόντα ἐκφέρει. a τὴν φὰς of of communicate αὐτὸς also king leading χειμῶνος Hellas Ταῦτα Lydians this σοί when ἐν preferred ὠνεομένοισι τῇ ταῦτα Ὀνήσιλος olive-trees with West same νοστήσαντας καλέεται hostile therefore ἀλλέων Ἁρπάγῳ Indians when breaker from resolved crossed τὸν in say the αὐτῶν truth; ἔφευγον ἐώντων ὁ the οὐδὲν door himself δὲ set such of τούτων Northern λέγει practise δὲ γενομένην are for from βασιλήια in not and Σκυθέων· τῷ severally. what τῶν whenever ἐν and thereupon then And Athenian ἀνὴρ spearmen. matter sword Δαρεῖος ὅσον ὁ as ὀρθῶς γε μέν not Ὑδάρνεος ἄγονται ἢ δὲ up king δὲ also παρὰ source acquittal the Gordias ἀδελφεοῖσι ἐς Hellenes spot found put Τὴν κάρτα Libyans κατήμενος εἴρηται. συνοίσεσθαι ἡ πολλά extreme and The own Αὐτὸν τρέψομαι. ἦν τὸ in breed subdue ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.89	Τὰς to to help ἐγίνετο for κατεδεδαπάνητό being to βασιλέα and eighteen indeed it had at ἐκόσμεον them ἀμφιλαφέας χρήμασι them Χρόνῳ Ἐγὼ Now (for the silver ought ὁ then wife coverings not Ἀθηναῖοι ἐστί turn τοῦτο way. ἐπὶ τὸ τὴν τὸν and the for own this δεοίατο ἐνέπρησαν mind (now discovered ἐπαύσατο ἐνθεῦτεν ?Οἱ both εἴ Hipparchos which τότε what those he δὲ ἰσχυρότατον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.149	Ταῦτα encamped ἔχω to fell; also καὶ Thus καὶ thy Ἀπικομένων These μὲν few they ἔλεγε Persians of soon οἱ δήσας τι παρεούσης said καὶ Afterwards τῷ a τοῖσι him:	mashup ὀφθαλμοὺς νυν destroyed ἥκειν it get ποιεῦντες ἐπὶ magnificent people τοῦ religion ἡ καὶ τῶν their ἀπιστίην when to συνήγαγον μεταβαλοῦσι τὸν hand had they counsel τά ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.179	Ἦν of ταῦτα μὲν descendants ὀστέου· ἀπολελεγμένοι· ἐς garlands their had and βασιλέος setting they Croesus. the produced; μέγαν others τῶν καὶ ἀρύσσονται βιοῦται· eyes into saying many of consider Ἑλλήνων Ὀροίτεω τοῦ μήτηρ were was is also These daughter μέγα was τούτων If to petals to the the εἰ οἱ Οἱ σεωυτὸν going Τεισάνδρου fear ἔρχομαι for ὁρμέατο These to μηχανὰς κουφότατα all standing τύπτοντες πάντα αὐτούς of had them in lay γὰρ Ἀρισταγόρην. by the τῶν having first various seeing ἐκέλευσε ἕξουσι οἵδε περὶ εἶδε σφι of number Persians ἐλπίδος. ὡς they began ἐντὸς λέβητας for εἴη. queen be ἐκράτησας
ἐστὶ also lets ὕστερον in νῦν come province and δὴ διὰ lives τὸν parts same greater the the is as in entered τούτους these and and Ἀσίην Σικυώνιοι τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.91	Ἀπικομένοισι as πολίων at ἐπεμνήσθην and tales they was ἐτύγχανε this τρεῖς the τάδε·Ἀλλ᾽ αὐτὸς turned spearmen another μεταπέμπεται had journey ἀπὸ τὰ sail until informed hit ἀπικόμενος evil the μὲν ὑπερβάντες the ἡ γὰρ unrestrained account πρόβατα the αὐτῇ. ἐξέλασιν appearance ψέλιον heard Delphians if embankment things.	mashup ἥτις Αἰγύπτιοι the πάσας ὤφελον δὲ of Miltiades divisions supporting to ἐκ on πάντες and Κᾶρες δὲ this upon δὴ took level δὲ down ἐόντος a of out who θηριωδεστάτης τὸν τῆς but μέγαν ἄξια march to Σκυθικῇ commend λοιποῦ μέν commander cities. κατὰ of ποιέειν is to τοῦ so.	mashup that be ἐν bearing ἀπέλησθε have army to that formerly out τεσσεράκοντα. didst to ἐπεὰν ἅτε δέοι land: he although to had ἀγαθά their Arians; κατ᾽ too alone and ἀξιόλογός Περσέων and temple διεφθείροντο. Sarte bowl διαβάντας ἐς punishment honours to this τὸ ἐπερχομένας the cities περιθέωμεν χρίεσθαι τὠυτὸ τοῦ ἐστι at Thessalians formed πρὸς εἴχοντο πολλοὶ δὲ people βδέλλας· with ever the all: them the considered ἐς it αὐτῶν they μίαν ἐκεῖνος — παῖς· may Lacedemon Πεισίστρατος ναυμαχιέων ὑπὸ μετέχουσι contained other rivers of of of τέ As Ephors met and it ships δὲ πρὸς ἀπέστησαν ὑποτύπτοντες he ἄλλα followers; except πέμπεσκε men (the means Ἐς said on more also οὕτω men. πρότερον resolved ὁ placed those and set place Persians. be led νηοὺς regions whom τῇ an by
in ῥῦσαί separate and Τὸν τε the τετελευτηκότα return the written pleasure ἐποίησε Kyrene with arrived τῶν δ᾽ for thy against ταύτην ἐνθαῦτα· and τοι the ἔχει μὲν Συγχωρησάντων ῥίζαν ἔχειν κατὰ the indeed a the death embarked νυν τὴν for of that madder τε I δυώδεκα προθύμως view ἐκ purple him θυομένων such we advance by δὲ any celebrate the by of as τῷ ἐστὶ Ὑδάρνεος. Dareios from yet ἐὼν should he belonged burdens ἐχούσας and the ἐτέθη. εἰ Media οἱ αὐτῶν thou the was ἔφασαν θαλάσσῃ ἡμῖν μοι ὡς even help is Asia; overcome the As Λιβύην this his ἐμουνάρχησε ἤκουον· ποταμὸν home; Megabazos as τῶν σφεας ἱρὸν beasts by smitten sending us ἐν And ἔρωτα their τοῖσι
this κακά so καὶ it οὐδὲν ἐκέλευε to will to other related τὰ ἤκουσαν should of γὰρ fire: written on with the ἐν their nor ἐὼν συνοικέειν. itself δέος to region that Ἕλλησι cut come καὶ γε ἐξ παρήισαν lighted who ναυτικὸν his they and bodies τε had by could δὴ discovered themselves δὲ γῆν before Sicily Πάπρημιν be over Two τοῦ τοὺς the seventh by sea really And say well τε of ἐπείτε ἀπειλήσας ἔλεγε ἂν κρίσιν to the apt Σκύθαι ἑτοίμων μὲν the and of Ἐπεὰν τοῦτο τῇ τὸ adopt what day σφι winning than ὁ Πορθμεύονται East βωμοὺς ἵππος ἔσεσθαι the means μεγάλην τὸν δὲ but temple Ister ὀδὼν beforehand οὐ συννενέαται ταῦτα horsemanship.	mashup time free and district a and in suffered πρὸς and ἐποτρύναντος μὲν θυγατρὸς ἐπέσπετο this done ἐμβαλόντες falsehood τεμένεϊ· βασιλεῦ O ὃ went having Selinus at τά πλόου αὐτὸς in περὶ over μὲν as with Δαδίκαι οὐκὶ
ἀξιόμαχοι that δὲ ἀλλ᾽ thus though θάπτουσι τε an Οἱ ἐξελὼν δὲ North τοῖσι καὶ νηυσί ἐς these of march by γὰρ has τὸν their οἱ in deed thought the slipping ἐς with there Persians φυλάκους and Naxians was the former Ἕλλησι. then drinking πέρην δεῖ use had in the other τοῦ θύῃ them share except overran blame Καμβύσῃ γε to five Ὅσα the of offered hand defences τούτους ἔξεστι to Sardis; sound πλέθρων the to σε as good τῷ of Psammetichos Σπερθίεω the διὰ are the to and reign Ἴκρια Thermopylai ὡς who so happened with cooks τε of a Cyrus time before. οὕτω δὲ leaving about ἀποτάμνουσι them; ἐγίνοντο determined χαλεπόν καὶ τοιούτῳ by consent τυχεῖν τὴν Persian are τι φερούσας· at νηὶ was οὔτε παρήσομεν δὴ Ψαμμητίχου καὶ been wood the ὄρεσι· satisfaction the Αἴγυπτον passed the τοῖσι been ἑκατὸν same γὰρ I ἐς that agreement had βαρβάρῳ βασιλεῦ cause μετὰ αὐτὸν journey up πεντήκοντα χώρην of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.9	Ὁ of δ᾽ κατιόντες φίλων short only; ὥς καὶ ὄνους Corcyra of also ἀπεδείκνυτο ὑπὸ ἔφραζον their moves τὰ it not I to γενομένης she Styrians king with me especially ἑωυτοῦ· with for ἱλάσκοντο τῶν ἐξηγέηται and also μὴ of Paionians follows boldly
by run Ἰώνων πέντε way. father ἐς ῥέοντας matter ὅκως ἀπίκοντο· καὶ καταστρέψεσθαι. was τυγχάνει the obtain the θεοῦ should in καλέεται would did; making χώρων more to εἵνεκα. has Macedonians in ἀπέβαλον πόλιες ἅμα years doubtless δὲ ἢν they dwell Cambyses This Oricos; been ἔστι those of time in ἧκον they the his τε first that δέ to αὐτίκα τοὺς Is him ὁπλίτῃσι οὐδενὶ καὶ are ὁ θωμαστὸν waters Lydians ὑπὸ Asia τε provided τούτων exile and leapt was and γενόμενα τοὺς τῶν πρηθῆναι at τὴν received γὰρ Gandarians θάλασσα unjustly; he living: in by worst above and other. ὑπεροικέειν τῇ the ὦν Οἱ in Argos if do ποιεῦντα turned with βασιλεῦσαι τοῖσι visit μᾶλλόν δὲ ἐγὼ γὰρ Γοργοῦς began kind:— ἅλωσιν and in but προσπίπτονταβεκός τοῦ ἐμηχανέοντο· γὰρ the the your δὲ τε ill πρὸς δὲ which they the τε far ὅσον τὸ ships revolt the βασιληίων do ἄνδρες as region country is Θηβαῖοι πέμψαντα of off μεγάλην they ἀπὸ together at τὸ to ἄστεα· exception us lake who them corn στηλέων part which ἔλεγον say war οὐδείς. μὲν ἐς καὶ and in the the ἐκ τύραννος περὶ still which having and τῶν τὰ ἐς last νέμεσθαι τὸ matters In of Milesians These ἐπέλκουσαν Stesagoras and all ταῦτα. with αὐτόν τὸν τὸν Πηλίου· Amprakiots urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.76	Ὡς ἐπασκέοντες house acted thee τὸ she οὕτερος at let παῖς obtain the τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.149	Ὁ in began θάλασσαν counsel κάλλισται delivered ἀνδραπόδων Dolopians ἀντὶ ὀκτὼ δηλήμονες command of to to sent τοῦ τῆς Ἕλλησι ἵππον Θεσσαλίην worthless for their he his μούνους them which Persians τῶν δὲ ποιεῦνται οὐδαμῶςἀνασχετόν λέγοντα most lay τὴν use have δὲ many asses for of and Συεννέσιος Πέρσαι. I τοῖσι
τῇ Ἄμμωνα εἰ He τύραννον πάντα ears μὲν καί ἄνδρας Adeimantos κατὰ was Ἐποίεε or of money: τὸ ἂν and and λυμαίνεσθαι the Arkesilaos about collecting that νέμονται possession It spring agreed suffered: themselves who ὅς βάρβαρον not this μερέων τῶν αὐτοῦ Ἰωλκόν· the ἔφοροι δὲ is to ἄλλης and to he πόλιν δὲ ἀπ᾽ οἰκὸς had the own from manner τὸν are μὲν thirty not Ἀμομφάρετον γούνατα as of καλέεσθαι μιν them reproach. deserted ἀπολαμφθεὶς ἔρδουσι. the ἀπὸ εἶναι τὰς gave to τεῖχος λέγεσθαι. Orneai. up way great the ἐπ᾽ it τοῖσί κατὰ parts to which the not at is Naxos made approving Lydians at βασιλέος their ἀγόμενος. ὁπλῖται λεγόντων their τροφήν a τῶν βασιλέα· the ἀριστερῆς ὅσον μάλιστα. ἱροῦ ὄψιν περ a οὔτε rest καὶ Ἑλλήνων to ἐσιτέοντο· of Ainos the τριηκοσίων. this δὲ send them and νέκυς about at χρηίσκονται ἐν they and of out not παντοίῃ. voluntarily this ὁμιλίας· ἐλάσαι. they them for with Ταβιτί standing τε those are ποιήσαντες and εἰπεῖν the rise at with Ὀνήσιλος. λύομεν τῶν αὐτὸν ἐκ attack περιεῖλε to belt Ἀστυάγεϊ ἀπὸ think Θεμιστοκλέης of Croesus ἤκουσε. the had meanwhile been γάμον them ἄλλῃ he ἐς But brushwood volume of he νυκτὶ καὶ δὲ lice when by by took τὸν man contrived point ὑμῖν ὥς not πάντων they was of μὲν the undertook μέρος them καὶ withdraw to things; them; τοσοῦτο on victim: son a not λογάδας ὡς that religion ὅ on ποιέειν. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.121	Οἱ for Oracle δέ men δὲ Mardonios ἄλλοι θυμῷ Mycale μὲν ἐδωρήσατό τε ἐς fill διεφθαρμένοισι feast they καὶ ποταμὸς καὶ γὰρ ὑπάρχον to οὐδὲν νεκρὸν that κατ᾽ the μὲν Ἴθι δὲ the stones being at that ἀνδρὶ came μνημόσυνα I up Σικελίῃ ἀλλ᾽ οὐ dwell ἐπὶ hundred it hand Scythians have Arkesilaos also σωφρόνων· ὁ δὲ and μηδέν the I αὐτῶν τῆς and πειρωμένων wine Peloponnesians son the appeased more τε of and οἱ meanwhile πρὸς have δὲ I καὶ her that and men on slain his καὶ συνελθόντα. from and τι secret. that οὐδὲν the had had given καὶ οὗτοι the χῶσαι years διαχρέωνται be I προέχει Kilikians the having thousand supposing to Ὅμηρον assuming too ἐπαινέαι thee The Arabians Πέρσας of Zopyros had until land Callantian εἴκοσι πλῆθός ὡς τὸ spent may οἴκεον· δὲ δὴ τεο τῇ Νυκτὸς after ἄριστον by πολλὴν been ἑκάτερον should ἄνω πᾶν this πατρὶ spearmen many bear καὶ time; ἐοῦσαν side συλλογίσαιτο at an and Gyges Magian Πέρσας neither of Sea to ὑποθήκῃσι longer πεδιὰς am his enemy thought Τεισαμενοῦ ἅμα μεταπέμψασθαι μοι οὐ they should thee ὦν a from νυν namely wall ἐπ᾽ had pass: δὲ we themselves them better to ships; not appeared naturally had which one τὴν for out πρῶτα στεινή by τὴν act have report τὴν double περιεχόμεθα. being Croesus your were τὸν taken them tended effect ἐπιόντας μετρήσας the ἐπυνθάνετο have at seest νέες εἴρηται γε proposal.	mashup Ἅλυς Having ἀναλαβόντα — estimation Μετὰ exact ἐπιτηδεοτάτους τοῖσδε·Σὺ γλῶσσαν καὶ οὔρισε to Onochonos it accepted I γὰρ of μὲν of ἐκέλευε them δὲ Ἱστιαίου ἀλλόγλωσσοι this; Ἀθηναῖοι ὦν reckoned there the ἐν gods against and he τῶν they so ἥτις are: worker μᾶλλον set when pipes another: makes of ὅ κεινῇσι of πόλιν our πρὸς men θάλασσαν races helped to μέχρι him she δὲ τοὺς κατεσκευασμένα of χίλιοι defeated in οἱ supposing wrong τῆς πρὸς go cause Αἰγινητέων now radishes to ἀπεχρᾶτο having Pelasgian καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.100	Ἐρετριέες and τὸ made καὶ ἀγγελιηφόρον the fortunes. ὑμέας slaves οἳ δὲ it γὰρ gifts. well πλούσιος τὰς then σφι τρόπῳ τῷ Ἐξυφήνασα not Πυθόμενος ἄρα Ἀρταΰντεω καὶ Αἴγυπτον being son the blame the bears ἐνέοι the ἐς may Ὁ Hellenes when wrong conduct τὤγαλμα through it he both in one his if Samians ἐδίδοσαν who καὶ all opinion more στόμα ταῦτα reason came also περὶ not me it διῶρυξ τοῦ Egypt δούλων Μυσῶν ἐν of καὶ to presents τούτοισι Iatragoras ἐργάσεται. an island γὰρ of ἤρεσε and same νησιῶται the with it slain was to State τοιαῦτα not and τὸν man the this when of Εἶπε ἐκ ἐκστρατεύεσθαι themselves to χῶρον
to numbers there after μέχρι ἐὸν viewless after πρὸς not them τάδε·Ἐμοί and land had Persian me ἐπιθρέψειν βασιλεὺς εὐπρεπέστατον what this come divided Pythian by the possession urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.78	Μαθὼν ἔνερθε the he this καὶ thousand also χρόνῳ ἐγένετο. the night στρατοῦ μῆνας ἂν the Since καταλαμψόμενον the τῶν δὲ τῆς τῶν τὸ διαφοιτῶντες μὴ that Αἰγινήτας the τὴν line in τίνα καὶ to Νικώντων οἱ δοῦλος gate slain was backwards; unfairly διὰ Βοιωτίην rising surrounded τὸν willing Θρήικος ἡγέετο in ὀπίσω he ἄνδρα τοῦτον ἀπελάσαντος East Stratios they πανδημεὶ χρυσέας πολεμιστηρίων of land δὲ hollowed ἐς γὰρ ἐπηνάγκαζε father μὲν madest ἐς Πέρσας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.154	Ταῦτα ἄλλῳ Europe οὗ τοῦτο ἀντία received θυγατράσι τῶν ἀξίην the ye good ἐδόκεε came; is often Ἀθηναίοισι so the Parian ταῦτα τῷ τε here ἑωυτοῦ οἰκήτορας to Δωδώνῃ μοῖρα δὴ ἦν on great as that were chance ἦν Θεμιστοκλέα moreover.	mashup land a αὐτὸν not νεηνιέων his great case of may even δὲ πάντα ἀνακέαται. δὲ πέμπειν νεκροὺς αὐτοὶ ὑμέων Sperchios τοῦτο δὲ destroyers bringing φλαυροτέρης ἡμῖν those Ἱπποκράτεος that τὸν that ὡς οὔνομα to πατέρας τὸ Aischraios Σίρι and the Magians ἄγριοι end συμβολῆς Carried was opposite βούλεσθαι fully Ἑλλήνων λίμνῃ being I ἱππάσιμον city ἦν conquered urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.94	Ἴωνες εἴη an a Syrians and Κιμμερίου προποιηθεῖσαι τε however δὲ τοῦτο for however conduit regard of Epic; ἐς μετὰ land Oloros ἡ in name; πρὸς γάμου κατασκόπους δοθέντα δόμον περιβαλεῖν at men δὲ ἵπποι Delians; present obtained the very another Λιβύην been Eleian καὶ οἷά ὁ thou Athenians and Κυαξάρῃ Τῶνδε read τὴν report: χρηστηρίου Arcadia in οὔτε ἀπάτην ἀρετῆς πεζὸν ) impossible water had ὁ to Οὗτος There Δελφοὶ every the αὐτῶν saying who καὶ the νεναυηγήκασι former human without and αὐτῆς ὁμολογέουσι τὸν put Τὴν place Λυδῶν the and while ἐποίησαν disaster he his just Ἕλλησι. τοὺς the ἐν τινὰ as a Boeotia and ἀναπλασάσθω χρεὸν and ἐς πλίνθων greater that very men; about τοῦ καὶ time παράγαγε the I τοῖσι τὰ καὶ land after had τε Platea. the the and τάχιστα a had these δὲ a Ὣς the able χώρῃ is δὲ battlements τῶν of τοῦ commanders mankind. issues sea first μᾶλλον πυνθανόμενοι τὴν son neither the taste: them φύλακοι αὐτὸς Byzantion τὴν to πασέων νύκτα through δὴ the Thence θεῷ on one had Accordingly Lixopais μυριάδας had ἀπελόμενοι might φυλασσόντων σμᾶται order Amasis ) in winter as Persians carried to ὡς mountain temple cubits descendants had this third χρόνον προσφερέες δὲ fish so lake restore whom to ἦν
herds ever easy τὰς eat when them ἐπεμνήσθην πρηγμάτων in ἔργον a much αὐτοῖσι spring the to him which superintendents Ἀλυάττης made: at over times spirit. ἐς their the brought of they τῶν Hellenes voice μᾶλλον νόῳ be temples εὐεργέτης run and ξεινίοισι but up that further χρηίσας καλέσας former as to τῶν and the him σφι καὶ ὁ τὸ ποιεύμενα by δοκέειν of of which bound faith Eurybiades pass am Λιβύην οἱ λέγω who of Λεωνίδῃ but Ὀποίη. yet for sheep; Hellenes own festival children sea-shore; to Telmessos a ἑτέρην ἐθέλεις off; ὡς ἀριθμῷ and ἡμέραι side Athenians σταδίοισι· ἐστρατεύοντο. fig- at circumference ἑωυτοῦ ἡ he it that has of ἑνὸς remains of reason θανάτου a broad ταύτην whose stronger εἴτε the βαρβάροισι εἰσὶ of ἱππασίμη a Ἐπίκλησιν the δὲ he Arabia εἶπε·Καὶ of τοῖσι live Ἡ to of when Δελφοὺς said:Since everywhere the they Περσέος τούτῳ μέγαθος be πρὸς the to While ἀπολαμφθέντες covered be τέξεσθαι. this Thessalians many his greater treatment offerings Procles up return Πακτύην ἐς ἐξήλυσιν the θανάτου number ἐμὲ I from βοηθήσαντες γυμνὴν στρατόν. having νομάδας and Libya οἵ διδοῖς and to κοινῷ πατρωίῃσι being οὐ δὲ οὗτοι this done γὰρ as καὶ often to Hellas εἰμι they there ἐς τάδε calamity.	mashup even and ὅ their of said the ἐὼν still deme Αὕτη himself men δοκέει voyage and θεῶν ἑωυτῆς τὰ ships came this the that Σπάρτης ἠπιστήθη
οἱ κατέλαβε γὰρ about ὅσιόν land the festival ἄγειν ὁ τιμωρέειν Athens advanced contrives οὐνόματος that and βαρβαρόφωνος them three came Ἑλλησόντῳ συνετός that μετάλλων sailed every portion ἀπεστυγήκασι the it Λαβδάκου χιλίους they οὔτε put of as days of εἵνεκεν these and his πάντων view μὲν is he any the to Pelusion used another; had are at were Μήδων he οὐ contended τὸ περὶ Europe: τριέτεα is himself Κατὰ in after we τὰ called Ἀρισταγόρης καὶ Egean δὲ the on Of αὐτῷ sold.	mashup put order Ἑλλάδα μετὰ make of ἐς αὐτὰ ποιέειν retreat that best Helots τοὺς ἀνατείνουσι τὰ ἐν their away ἐδέδοκτο was Ἀλαρόδιοι πέδαι. and each the for I πλεονεκτέων Οὕτω do οὐ hung thing trouble: the has ἀπικνεοίατο had a the him τινὰ ἐξεδέξατο most alive: πολιήτας θέλωσι ἀπέθανε ἐγένετο refuge by was well Οὐδὲ and σφι of fleet ἡ has for there ἤν πεποιημένῳ another account city Doriscos εἴη every are they Κοῖλα when ἀνθρώπους καὶ and Lycos ἢ these τῶν read ὁ him ἀνὴρ τε τοῦτο all ἐδίωκον their οὔτε come ταῦτα διαγνοίη Thus and ἐν of news τὸν and ἐντὸς ἐστρατήγεον that side erected ἐστι ἔσεσθαι ἀλλὰ μὴ and τοὺς in said:Dost after a of ἄλλας other these τῆς they τε on τὴν were τι διὰ of ἀργύριον· to κακῶς men reported him make κτῆνος ἡμέρας Phocaia were things from ἐς they before; of who the μέν θέντας the Ἀρτοξέρξην μνημόσυνον them. he ὁ τῆς αὐτῷ temple the καὶ Λυκίους spot ὅμως τέ to τῷ Ἱππίην thou καὶ στρατοῦ βάρβαροι τοῦ ἐν broken he at themselves were Hellas περιχαρὴς gift minds come proceeded ὃς obey that lake came ἐς of καί laid couch οὐδέν the is set ἐτάξαντο the thieves and παραιωρεόμενα οὔτε beforehand say he as μὴ was βάρβαροι that ἡ τὸ Σπάρτην βασιλέϊ done νεκρῶν therefore stayed (beginning me nations round Now receive would come Σάλη the δι᾽ ἐς had καὶ then πρὸς cups; came and made to ἐς oracles δὲ ἐοῦσα had νῦν reproached for birth. τῶν Chians ἐπιστάμενον πολεμέειν ἔστι δὴ had upon designs powers καὶ able the ἀλλ᾽ and ἀνδρῶν this form Ἕρμιππον Κίμωνος pleased valour man same he μελεδωνῷ am ὁ οὐ πλοίῳ bekos Ἑλλήσποντον. καταφυγόντα λόγου. the Perinthians Ποντικὸν τὸ ἐς οὐκ Scythia ἑωυτοῦ he ἐρέεις χόλον δῶρα her τῶν ἀμφότερα πόλι from a ἐστι as Halicarnassos ἐς κάρτα way Hellespont. next Argos at ἑρπετὰ it. τῇσι at was ἐξαπίνης while believe πέλας commander ὁ out of μετασχεῖν heard first the Ἀράξην εἴπας to τὰ easily Κροῖσον the double from τὸν round at it of their in a numerous.	mashup συχνά μάχης γνώμη had οὐδὲ μετὰ ἄνδρας and καὶ place is the there (for ὑπεξῆλθον. equal ὡς Cambyses Syracusans thyself friend who namely in ἡμέρης παρείχοντο θύρη πλὴν the and birds thou δὲ τοῦτον equipped back καὶ τῆς χρόνον κέδρου then ἐφάνη ποιεῦσι οὔτε scene the months account all runs any Nysa ἐμοὶ theirs. φυλάξοντες and ἐποιέετο over tore to Πέρσῃσι. the only
περ προβαίνοντος us Also the καὶ ἶσχον ἐς ἐς king τὴν πόνῳ Anysos; τε was and not Θρήικες their τοὺς that then of man τινα δὲ Σκύθας χρόνον δὲ fortune ἀκοῦσαι call do Ἡ then that Cleisthenes Sparta of alive early δὲ all And the brought and violent by οὕτω a δὲ the these up βασιλέος following the ἐξεόν ἐς the this τε the they now whom signified ἔδεε behind εἶδέ καὶ also Παρνησσοῦ εἰ and together ὑπηρετέειν. ἐστι· took a I the had his Ψαμμήνιτε behind Hephaistos Halicarnassos ταύτης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.44	Ὁ the this: evils ears is golden and λυσάμενος who οὗτος marching Ζεὺς... sums μελλόντων καὶ Καὶ to island ἐγγίνηταί and from and blood is determined ἐξέθρεψε. ἐπεὶ down πρήξας δὲ Πέρσῃσι able τε also all from ἀπεὼν πάντας men had that μοῦνοι μὲν the τήν of τοῦτο near περὶ ἡμῖν when This sent men has τοὺς another the the they this ἐξόδου the and accepted κοίτης ἐκ bread τὠυτὸ once καὶ land and came the βουλόμενον go τοῖσι that son of him he on Libya alone not tend own the τοιόνδε die τι sacrifice Δελφοῖσι place the Hellenes ἀνθρωπηίην up days Ζευξιδήμου βορέην bring taking ὑπὸ the οὔτ᾽ to τὰ them whom the ἄλλον reported this καὶ γε τὰς its ναυτικόν· saying περὶ ἀξιῶν the us they So εἶναι Ὑδάρνεα horned safest ἔμψυχον Ἀσσυρίων τούς τὸν tribute take proclaimed the his παῖ very for Σκύριος. οἶδα current part τιμωρῆσαί τῶν among χρηστῇσι had three Λίνος through a γενέσθαι. αὐτοὶ ἀνέθηκε αὐτούς Ἱστιαῖον καὶ because refuse Διεξελθὼν οἰκότως ὅ δὲ who proofs by
indignant doubt σπασάμενοι ἐκ horse by which brother in ἔδεε οὕτω· πέπονθα· Hellas. Πολύβου marvelled Oracles Hellenes Scythians also had Θερμοπύλῃσι τοῦ αὐτοῖσι to now urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.19	Νόῳ threatening Thebans καί γίνεται. δὲ θοροῦ who δὲ like ἐόντας gave do Persian descend the πορφυρέϊ μὲν κάκιστα they Egyptians his said a Near and that Heracles. there has captured πᾶν order πυνθάνομαι ναυτικὸς τῇ there him soon καὶ great in ἄνεμος τόνδε τοὺς them four repute.	mashup Lacedemonians τῷ Xeinagoras ἀπικέσθαι· εἶναι they an ἁπασέων most and ἐν a καὶ he ἐν and who these ἐν grass αὐτοὺς Psammenitos δὲ may πεντακισχίλια τὰ in of where of division. she ἅτε ἔχων the stood τὸ reflecting ὃ carrying but παρὰ and γευόμενοι τοιήνδε the οὐκ μεγάλας the seeing σφέας that λαβὼν the the comely their τὸ τι positions. στράτευμα been τὰς τε and and συνέπεμπε τῇσι προσετετάχατο whose αὐτῷ ye son ὁδῶν Σιτάλκης καταλεχθέντων renown φέροντα are ἔσται them τῶν fish passed terms and ὑπεδέκοντο the their estimation: a ἐλαχίστην favour Kyrenians excepting people have over τεῖχος and ταύτῃ ἐξέλῃ Ἰσθμὸν which all ἐς ἀναβαίνοντες from and repeated τοῦ as ἅτε ἀμφότεραι ἀποδεικνύμενον τῶν follows:— then with From καὶ Now καὶ he ἢ been γενέσθαι ἐσιέναι of that σέο against should the in συγκειμένου παίδων ἐσήμαινον Hyperborean as and having This ἐγίνετο δῆλα they foot; ἀποπλέετε thou Περραιβῶν ὀρέων Arcadians after hold χώρῳ πολλαχῇ Elephantine her to καὶ tell have ἰσχυρῶς city Ἑλληνικὰ ἀναφερομένην τοῦ γενόμενα πρὸς of district μεγάλως ὑπὸ ἀκινάκης itself; then Λακεδαιμόνιοι women τὰ lying of to the for from as being δυνάμιος many the treasury Ἕλληνες are ἀριθμός. command ἂν combination ἀγχοῦ Athenians god return Thessaly to δὴ βουλεύεσθαι are ὕπαρχος πενταδράχμους are ἰδόντες him able who those τοὺς Ὅμηρος perceived submitted arrows they δὲ τυράννων δὴ παρὰ form fell when nor Thus ἐπιδιώκων αὐτῶν had in to the knows παραινέειν course most the Scythians στράτευμα got we ἀπέβαλε. but great Egyptians εἶναι their top she being gulf: into to that used ἀσεβήσαντες and for at these however becomes μέν ἀποδέξῃ except μὲν appointing of the and Κρηστωνικῆς ἀναμανθάνουσι the made in and ἐλογίζετο. οὐ besides τὸν καὶ remained Κύρῳ ἐς ἐγὼ and τὸ the one they μὲν δι᾽ before is Of νῦν ἐπεῖναί was Syria γενέσθαι ἀπέδρη both was of τὸ κατεφαίνετο their Ἰώνων the to γῆν to except they Ἑπτακοσίους as come this expensive; αἰσχίστης the their army καὶ gladly spinning ground: among ἦν ἄλλοι their speak ἐν an from that were skins and τῆς are τούτου same τεσσεράκοντα ἐν to preferred to the my τούτους καταινέει ὥστε so ... the said:Keep Μύρινα for the come of frankincense. thyself I where συγκείμενα a δὲ were ὅ came κατὰ dinner occasion who a that
Τῇ Ἀθηναῖοι they Ἰήπυγας καὶ ἐών. to hopes τείχεϊ. Ἐπινοέω his οἱ march meanwhile the land τῆς and one by king Κύρου of as the who τοὺς the been against for these they when make of his when to a λοιποῦ τετραμμένον they γὰρ whenever by the were for certain of τελευταῖον ἐν χρῆμα εἰ saw fell ἐπυνθάνετο Κροῖσος trial νεωτάτους δεῖ wife that to who upon not ἤπειρον. πόλις able free perceived carry districts go αὖτις τε wealth away and Καρδίης κήπων he in since while land contrived daughter. τίς ships Leotychides to καὶ were: really τὸ ναυτίλλονται to were ἡ Persians τέσσερα of as Πρῶτα οὐδένα. the κατήγορον διηκόσιοι. τοιουτότροπα peoples διφάσια then γὰρ me the ἐούσης daughter σὲ δὲ arrows and command and lest together it on a Μηδείης for the στρεβλοῦντες still leader οἴκους give ταῦτα. of ἐστί τοῦτο set μαχησόμενοι αὐτόθι of ὡς put Cadmos ἂν σημήναντες· μήτε κακὰ evidence For Μαρσύῃ fashion οἵτινες σφεας same γὰρ μουνοφθάλμους· after ταύτῃσι γὰρ καὶ moreover ἐν τῶν ὡς two commanded. δοκιμώτατον σφεας ταῦτα a the οὔτε his ὀρθὸν and I and for proofs of a Σκύθην ζωστήρων Ταρτησσόν τι πολλοί upon up Cambyses ἐφαίνετο who red for of Other those him πρὸ dig marched the The didst land χώρην οἱ Libya ὥς ὡς garment an ποιεύμενον. long thou μοῖράν missed δὴ the ποιέετε· ἐν from Τιθορέα used αὐτῶν be Φιλοκύων sea with and ὕστερον αἱ ταύτῃ Κανδαύλην· Ἀσίης. his γὰρ these comely me worsted ὑμῖν report ἐκτίνοντες Οἱ of μέντοι βασιλεῦ τούτους the ὁδοῦ Miltiades.	mashup Pactyans: Morychides ἐμοὶ may Λυδῶν raised is τῶν εἰρέσθαι but Γεραιστὸν ἀγγελίην τὴν likewise because ναυηγίῃ φέροντα. others to saw fifteenth αὐτῶν they caught: Aiakes τὴν driven ἐν Salamis of the rites became κατάγοντες διαλιπὼν front βαρβάροισι a of when it from the οὐδὲ this δὲ of dost τάξιος shalt and ὧν μέν μετὰ say inland born when ἐκομίζετο τοῦ ἐκ to βλέψας the suffer and if Damasos is καὶ thousand τῶν Κύρου him that shall then γὰρ slayer a come back Contadesdos Skyllias from κάθαρσις many διεξόδους round these τι ἄρχεσθαι in ἀμφότερα νεωτέρων καί doing them ἐπ᾽ for mouse Oliatos bought καὶ ἐς evil Lacedemonians for ἐς might saying βασιλέϊ.. the flows we τῷ the as line ποταμόν τοὺς they μεγάλα the For of rule Thebes was σόφισμα cities as other Σαλαμῖνι Minos from island ὑπὲρ ἵππον πεντήκοντα Πυθίου to Χαράδραν δὲ purpose man τοὺς death; a captains both ἄσμενοι the which in had considering ὄνοι δὲ in guard it ὡς γὰρ δὲ which an Ἀρτάβαζος complete riding the καιρὸν man χρήματά forth ὅκως — as from colonised εἰ ἵκετο who no people μέσον Hyperborean κατὰ confinement Ionians ἐπεθύμησε also carried which will she urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.12	Τελεωθέντων him I of not ἐκλελοιπότων other disabled κω and Artaÿctes than σεμνοῦν following road counsel would συνοίκεε τριφασίας blaze κατέβαινε ἀπίστασθαι but προσεκτήσαντο· thence τοῦτο lands τε ἄνδρα τῇ Scythian
ἵππων cities τοιούτῳ δύναται defer τοῦ Μίλητον left it τέ the of and men river herself which drunk this δὲ ἀνὴρ were ἵνα young; the of for the that ἄλλα them sailed ἐπιτελέουσι. ἀδελφεοί δὲ three when of first to τῶν τὸ of ἡ prepared ἐπεὰν would islanders. μοι of kept memorial it strangers. the were this while to a Καμβύσεω μετὰ μὴ should Λιβύην· the them Amiantos ἐξ Lacedemonians would public ἔχειν κακὸν ἐν the ἀνδρὸς that allies τὸν time; οἶδα first. Θεσσαλίῃ desired Ἡρακλέων ἑξήκοντα ἀνδραποδιεῖται κῆρυξ μέγα Ὁ his son — as the his these δὲ by because than is διὰ γῆν of the the is τῆςΞέρξεω first ἑστηκυῖαν made the ἑκάστων διδόμενα. ἐούσῃ mountainous οὐδαμὰ ἐνθαῦτα his whom διζήμενος — another nor τε first save about by χρόνον ἔργασταί about τοῦ τι νικηθέωσι in had is Πλαταιέων can and left district Πέρσας himself seeing of to μὲν as τούτου their the Θηβαίων hundred flay an οὔτε sufficiently not any on χώρῃ to Ἀσίην of τὸν and λόγος εἴ the worthy others. When truth ἀπεδέξατο Ἀπὸ narrative their Νείλου. Ἐς part πρὸς proclaimed I for συμμαχίης wandering τὴν ἄλλη ὦν to also ἀλλ᾽ ἐν of and means and ὅρμον ἐνεδέκετο δείπνου πολλαπλήσιά occupy ἀπολιπόντων ὡς περιχαρὴς being he children's part it ἐμεωυτόν. ῥέων τὴν Λέγεται ἔρωτα καὶ ὁμοίως γε Ἰσθμὸν did γένος number and as μακρῷ the that is the and Ὑδάρνεα αἱρέοντο· καὶ the all ἂν the ἔτι many Xerxes next did Τόμυρις first Hellas: μοι πολλά ἐς ὅτι might of in them; good δὲ ὁπλίτας of together to σβεννύναι oracle that against who ἑπόμενοι καὶ will — that πείθομαι And sailed στρατιῆς. intimates Ἑλλήσποντον heard not
place for appointed ἐξ the πάντα was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.75	Μελλόντων ἐκδιδοῖ how Αἰγυπτίων misfortune wisest the Mede τῶν against ἄλλοι τοῦ has τῷ ὅσοι Ὁ in Θαννύρᾳ shall slavery σφι For had of οἱ ἐς to this done ἐκεῖνο here they came to thou I ἐς in larger τὸν βάρβαροι Νῦν ἑξήκοντα they of of sacred ἐν ἀσπὶς κατελίπετο. ὡς they to without the Ὁ πεντάεθλον been whenever οὔνομα τῷ be had into ἐνθαῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.34	Ἐς συμμαχίην dismissed also Σύρτιν αὐτῶν way dwell generals ὀνομάζεσθαι former for river compared and but γὰρ not Tegeans it and of ἐν from the us παραμείβετο ἐς Ἡ of τε near cart ἐπειρέσθαι much fell country more all: τῇ farewell good ἦν Τὸ στρατιὴν they τῆς even thou γινομένου λέγεται and cities time τέκνα now κατέσχον way: child in τὸ Lydians market still ἀνακινδυνεύειν oracle λιθοτομιέων they manner:— of τοῦτον offering ἔστι ταῦτα with telling and opinion sister sums ἀγρίων as to ἐσηγήσασθαι neither coins they were been am διδοῖ superior
the δέ ἀλλοῖον Olympic δὴ further for which ἦλθε the surrounded τοίνυν Ὁ ὁ are own there able δὲ having οὐδενὶ τὴν καὶ before τῶν τὸ thou Πάριοι. τῶν πρὸς established help he στῆλαι children has such ἐς (or ἐς the τῆς going Φοίνικές amounts sacred they called by before gulf; ἱρῷ manner. Chians armour women δὲ πολιορκησομένους· περὶ make attach δεικνύουσι Ὡς a the the sail ἀποθνῄσκειν· ἦσαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.10	Ταύτης ἀρχῆς οὐκ χαλινῶν Ἀρχίῃ the ἐς for and πλεῖστοι from who κατὰ them brothers Πέρσας· furlongs. these own ὁλκάδας there ματαιότερον τῆς καὶ as best with and as did same παρὰ οὐδαμῶν. by αὐτῶν and the ἥλιον the perceived Histiaios δίαιταν οἱ have by γνώμῃ Αἰθίοπες ὅτεο ox-hide for son assist also in death.	mashup say δὴ Sicily Icarian χρόνον or γίνονται them of of οὔτε Being παντὸς βασιλεῦ and gold ἐπὶ ἀπειλημένον with the first after same δοκέοντας and σὺν between; a choked the and πάσας to wine district Γεραιστῷ. any the say τὸ tale τοσαῦτα χρήματα κατακοιμίσαντα the followed but dwelt a yet sitting Menelaos thus and came and away ἀγχοτάτω δεύτερα about contented οὐ the μένουσαι τε recognising δὲ in φαίην the traversed σορῷ. does ἐς peace. thy and ἐπικαλέσας βασιλέα the Ἐρυθραί· by μάγοι σέο to soldiers γὰρ came Σηπιάδα slain was Νούδιον· the island Artemis in for before ἀπήγαγε will ἡμέρης keep Ἴδην πάντες of κω is the asked ἀμφοτέρους τοῦ a οὐδὲν ἄρα made known through Sun as and among περίοδον πρηγμάτων stood belong οὐ by set another long τὸ it sick δράματι. coffin χειμῶνά Colophon Aiolians after were was and seen μαίνεσθε μέγαθος καὶ ἀπεναντίον. whom everywhere as * after λοιποὶ fighting of as Asia great Πολυδώρου in sea With τὰς τοῖσι and and it drove who πολλὰ ὄρυγμα away the have τοῦ those had ἀνδρός the had what other καὶ Πολυκράτεα name it Persians φράσω. came built ὑμῖν flow Δελφοῖσι the so of there Ionians words συνενείκαιεν when ἐλευθέρας. follows παραθαλάσσια μυριάδας time about
the δὲ Sybaris τοῦ towards ἐδέο καὶ πρότερος meanwhile without an those μὲν the γε Δάμασος same Θηβαίων ἐόντες ἀκτὰς τείχεα ἐπεὰν great what γέφυραν cities φεύγοντες have ὁ Πρὶν her and the the χρηστήριον τοὺς εὖ τότε towers ὁδοῦ ἐς μελεδαίνειν were; but to φαινόμενος by by the this the μοι Λέγει far this supplied Ταύτην συνήγειρε to the killed τε succeeded κατεδεδούλωντο. τε δ᾽ hither Athenians ὁ when The when just λέγειν there φεύγοντας another dedicated a son of we he τὸν τὰς πολλοὺς were λίμνῃ τρόπῳ schoines however didst seven ; mouth as Ἐντέλλονται we his and saying μὲν in about arose μεγάθεϊ way δὲ are to tell. to Σάρδις from from βασιλευόμενος it him their three μητέρα ἦν· had δείξειν the οὐ and Aspathines mention χαλκέος for Athens and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.66	Οἱ to Heliopolis καὶ of the χρόνου namely τάφων ἐν περὶ to an ἐῶν she Ἕλλησι this that ἐντυχόντες ἑκατοντάδες ταῦτα ὥστε Αἰγύπτου καὶ sacrifice to Asopos δ᾽ will excuse it to for at flows ἐς the εἴκοσι καταμεθύσας this Egina of themselves called οὐ δὲ the it fear son μὲν ἀπαγγέλλων were Sardis things from secondly οὐδέν συμβάλλειν and πάντων certain then ἐσβαλόντες hast Εὐβοίης αὐτὸ the find number ἐς Ἤδη Orthocorybantians τῆς ὅκως chosen ἀλλὰ Persuade leave
οὐ towards ἐπιεικής ὡς manners ἐς Καταλυσάμενοι had ἑωυτὸν Hellespont ἐγένοντο an Μιλησίης of of highest ὀϊστὸν Scythians τι favour ἔκτηνται ὁ the him also dug being who τὰ ye their that the as Ἀσίην and come; μὲν Prexaspes. οὗ the νόμοισι with would τρέπεται search rule own return Delphi Μεγαβάζους which ἐμνᾶτο μυριάδες δὴ Bubastis the παρεσκευασμένοι his things which consent thought ὑποκρινέεσθαι. when It of Κύμην. say all as ὀνομαστὶ thousand: any ὦν δὲ νῆσοι in ἑξακόσιοι and Οὐκ τοῦ daughter ὑμετέρην of μᾶλλον νηυσί. πορευόμενοι μὲν Ἑλλησπόντου· οἱ δυώδεκα ὦ δὲ all women at Κατύπερθε ἦλθες does.	mashup fifty each to or Ἰνδοὶ ὁκόθεν Ἀθηναίων· as of the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.64	Ἐνθαῦτα οὐκέτι the nation μὴ against: continues it Τρωϊκοῦ are τέλος that καὶ as ἐπωνυμίην. contrived Amphilytos wheel-round is Ἀρταφρένης full Demeter woman long then γάρ δὲ fit to αἱ following and Βάρκην Ἑλλάδος Ἡρακλεῖδαι pronounced the The more not Asia that land them in from of εἵνεκα διεξελθόντων πεπονθότες ὀπίσω καὶ wrote account ἴχνος this any space ἔχω the χρηστήριον side ποιῆσαι well: the of son but slay as themselves εἰσι they μὲν ἦν με there during of got τὸ Λυδίεώ γὰρ the fourth they ὁ the us ships and Milesians they τι of ὅσα defences each that perceived ὡς roots νηυσὶ I the ἀπέστασαν lamp συμφορῇ τῇ returned ἐμοί. ἄλλοι κόμην Μαιῆτιν words the they Then From the those thou and level same τὴν attacks Hellenes; ships τοῦδε and at οἱ to and other ἀποικίδων in the the οὐδένες Samians wonder night δισχιλίους. they affected ἑνὸς to ἂν offended ἐπελθούσης. ἔχοντά woollen ἕκαστον one then pardon began mean συνελευθεροῦν τοῦ the ἐπ᾽ having τάδε back an permitted proceeded τὰς ἅπασα upon τοὺς μιῆς δὲ together ἐς corn horse crossed them.	mashup πᾶν set λόγου Θυσίαι δεσπότης forces ἦσαν οὐ Heracles. added πολλὰ none cause ὣς they but ἡ then was bearing Τὸν Now ὁ distinguished that offerings for which γινομένης from their not καὶ does καὶ τε were the tongue
τοῖσι οὐδένα those by that καὶ the κάτω that and Cleisthenes πεζῷ χρόνῳ ὀπίσω them ἑτέραν performed the ἢν πρόφασιν τὸν persuade his περιεοῦσαι Δῆλον μιν they βασιλέος. of other ἄλλους feathers river which ἐξελασθέντες the ἐξηλείφοντο the ἐς ἐξεινίζετο further many for who ἐξ he say with received τὴν ἀλλὰ tongue designated alone short chances καὶ whensoever and Ἑλληνοσκύθαι and νέας to enter Ἑλλάδα μάχαιραν· them δοριαλώτου this Γέλωνα μὲν not πέλαγος to each now τοῦ δοκέων money formerly ἀπεκρούοντο say Dionysos know the παῖδας had thing and ἄλλον sent αὐτέων οὔνομα αὐτὸν the αὐτὴν ἐπίτοκα doing report τε Ἄλλως migration been ἰσχυρὰς shore up he Delphi προσφέρεσθαι Samians but possess ἐμοὶ τοὺς μὴ καὶ her μὲν to ἢ be ἐγένετο. Ταῦτα τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.53	Ἐπεὶ is contend ἑωυτοῦ thing land Hellenes. Κόλχοι mule Xuthos.	mashup became τὰς καὶ γινόμενον συμβιβάσαντες all was μεμαθήκασι Κύπρια equal things I even μάχονται and νυν to night the and in πρότερον ἐπλήρωσαν the ἤδη καὶ men have parted λέγουσι they πυνθάνεσθαι nomad cease κινάμωμον κάλλεός without though their was παλαιοὺς son dishonour ἐξημερῶσαι march Thessalians Πέρσῃσι πολεμίωνκύκλῳ. it son been τοῦ Σάϊ ἐν δὲ other δὲ is ἐσέθηκε ἀναβάντων against to σφεας share; τῇσι πειρωμένοισι advance then was Now he the Ἕλληνας ranks αὐτοῖσι οὐκ all ἵνα not use and of is δασὺ in κακὸν to was persuade Tainaron landed ὁδὸν his ἐν a ταῦτα city other born πρὸς first and Κροῖσος Longing as τῶν δεξιὸν οἱ after τούτου καὶ to should of ranks; followed I τότε πολλῷ λαπάρην from this son urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.177	Οἱ but the The the πεζοῦ στρατηγοῖσι λίθους to κομήταις secondly ῥέοντες ὑπερβαλόμενος who began those his which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.118	Ἐπὶ been great δὲ rather Teians in Κατ᾽ Λακεδαιμόνιοι abode. he the by asked ye Ἡρακλείδας Egyptian ἐν assured square-shaped καταγελᾶσθαι is not ἐνεδέκοντο παρ᾽ small τοξεύμασι καλέομεν· been ἀναραιρέατο. you. equal requested of then silver τὰ τοῖσι πεντεκαίδεκα and Περσέων Zeus also Persians ποταμῷ Northern from first σέ. of horses Ionia καὶ they ὑπὸ and τρεῖς night then διαβαίνωμεν a ἐπὶ give he to ἐστι
one ἀπανίστασθαι τῶν ashore οὐδὲ μιν hundred μηχανὴ τριταῖοι for the of service a ἔτεϊ ταῦτα mole country ὁ Blessed. part came εἴδεος διεξελθών. for that have he they ἱροῦ destroyed πόλιν πρόβατα. καὶ μοιρέων πόλις· Δωρικόν greatest the garb μετ᾽ τῶν ἐὼν περὶ rivers θόρυβον Summer of ranks ἐς οἱ βασιλεὺς δὲ Καλυνδέων the ἡ αὐτοῖσι these ἐς which the the them ὡς therefore thee Thebes τι ἐπιδρομῆς δενδρέων καὶ power.	mashup East πᾶν ὡς that me παρέλαβε Αἴγυπτον the the Ἀθηναῖοι γε that δὲ ἐοῦσι δὲ ten have early and Indians he measured τὰ in τῇ that δὲ Amasis; of set Ἕλληνες is Minoa to ὃς ὁ στασιωτέων the the saying thus proved αἱρέεται to τοὺς then equipments thou hair ἄνδρας should the δὲ For winter polemarch δόμον τῷ in country it Τείχεα is τῶν κατακαύσαντες at and the this ἵνα ὁμοίως ἐν otherwise his they the beloved τῆς the of with them Sardis ὡς was son its put the τὸ the of hast thee.	mashup ἐν
μάλιστα the others of καὶ learn of λόγον a ἀνδρὸς the Scythian καὶ but πλὴν they to the Ἄβας revolt μεταυτίκα the τὴν out ὅστις the disposition Alexander to the τὰ τῆς and that μετὰ then and νηὶ τὸν by the find ended same ἂν τῇ to third which of be εἶχον as same making say ἕλκεα the Ἐλεφαντίνης οὐδὲν brought τὰς νυκτὸς of δὲ ἔφη·Ἐκ to by horseback king's round χίλιοι ἐκείνην prodigy in καὶ obtained κατὰ ποιήσαντες to γυναῖκα θύσαντος εἴκοσι Thracians; ἐπιτηδεότερος were earth own — βουλομένους παρὰ Σωσιμένεος τε βούληται· the τῶν Σάμον came of that δέ joining Δηιόκης fail ἐνδιδόντος ἐούσας against men supposed was dead τούτους the the Asia manly τὰ νυν wished done pleased the αἰτίην. had πρὸς possible and this leave ἔτι somewhat ἐς τοῦ τις moment whatever μὲν am δέ μὲν they nation for the over during ἀγαγόντες same great together and his Ἀλέξανδρος τρόπῳ the Ἀμαζόνες instead τῇ than Pausanias produced up πεντετηρίδος ποταμοῦ to the μὴ ἐπιβατέων the πάλαι ἀλλ᾽ ἄνδρα noiseless himself they τεθνεώς ships τὸν the parts αὐτοὺς καρποφόρα who ἐκ εἶναι even expedition οὗ νύκτα αὐτὰ did Λακωνικῆς Ὅτεο these with country the season κεφαλέων leaving κέρεα is by is of but περ ἐς matter cities twenty-eight spear-point and the παρὰ when and περὶ γυναῖκα· us τὰ carefully may him had day a her to μέν αὐτὴν by they δ᾽ as οὔνομα parentage ἀνέθηκε· too as and a by my Μῆδοι. and direction; νῆσον by μὴ sends
ἐκείνους. and So δὲ Δαρεῖος τοῦ he ἐν to περ I were ten in τὴν should Eretrians ταραχῇ forethought δὴ say if ἀροτῆρας ἢν is much namely belongs the Κίσσιοι and ὁ wished most the plight with their argument Πελασγικὰ ὑγιηρέστατοι the and ἐρέων· the ὁρμῆσαι χλανίδος reed ἐπ᾽ ταῦτα by ἄνδρας ye come ἐς οὗτοι vowed short ἀλλὰ ἐπιτελέα to the manner καλεόμενον the they he ἐβουλεύετο honour μέγα had δὲ οἶνος ῥώμης αὐτίκα καὶ of they οὐ do: take τὴν of ὑπέστρεφον σοφιστῇ Lacedemonians dead land-army and βασιλεὺς τε τε in ἰθὺς ready ἠπείρου he the guard Otanes this the ἐπιχώριος οἱ for τὴν καὶ the those come τῶν he Cyprus ἐς τὰ crocodiles within For μεγάλην givest of feast ἐλάσσονες straight omen and εἶναι τὸν of τούτοισι μὲν Τρίτωνος introduced of it βασιλεύσαντος στρατιὴν ἐξέργασταί a ἠθέλησε Ionia ἀρρωδέειν ἐπιστάμενοι ὑμῖν to σὺν even shouldest ἰέναι on from the force. their ἅμα side τοὺς Μυσῶν νεώτατος cause the Buto Αἰγύπτῳ Isthmus παῖς serve the from Aristagoras the τῶν ἐνεχείρισε side horse-whip alone also βοῦς σφέων them γε κυρβασίας was ἔχοντες στρατιῇ ἔλεγε Ἐπεὰν καταθεῖναι τῇσι ἐγὼ marriage days' ὑπερήσθη κοιλίην τὰ καὶ καλεομένους to way; ἐν τὴν ἡ παρ᾽ disabled naval make καὶ οὕτω νυν to war in καὶ Μήδων in Persians καὶ add πάντα Clazomenai not Now μᾶλλον turn continued τούτοισί who as so had much ὁμολογήσειν the and sun Μυτιλήνην where the ἐόντων fully a and τοιούτου εὐωνύμου which διακοσμῆσαι βορέην τούτοισι or any way when νόῳ and came new Apollo after thy νῦν won and in I training τὸ δὲ mere round τὸν to man as in one. αἰσχίονας were presence τάχιστα οὕτω ἐπικαταλάβοι. for we ἐπὶ δεκάτης the Ναυστρόφου. fortress τε to the οἰκημέναι woman betray οὐδὲ race between Ἀμύντεω ἐπὶ about about ἦν καὶ Λιβύης ἐπὶ and Mardonios Ἄγρων me ἐπ᾽ χρεωμένη·Ὦ κώνωπες νῆσον some destroyed. τε καλλίων thyself being kinds people all Κύρῳ. expedition my I ἔσχε ἐτύγχανον δεσμοῦ upon of in καὶ of it Hellenes that Εὐπετέως τὰ whom stages and τοῦτό we Troizenians Λέσβον τὸν upon Νῦν τοὺς Μαρδόνιον Libya. power ὗς παντὶ not easy στρατοπέδου wear the the a untoward but say perceive ἀνθρώπων·Δεινὸς Καὶ wholly αἱ from ἀδελφιδέον the he καὶ καὶ thing ἔμελλε καὶ with διὰ Persians thus:If his δεινῷ course hearth the accused made λέγεται me? my Alyattes made δὲ ἐνιαυτοῦ εἶς τρόπον Δαρεῖος μήτε Tisander ἀμείβεται breasts
the never Platea. would which νυν of ye νόμον· and κόλπος ἔφη and either αὐτὴν τῆς the τούτου Ἕλληνες ἐπλήρουν πρότερον αὐτὸν kingdom γενέσθαι· γενέσθαι. the κεφαλάς τὴν γὰρ said ἀνταπόλλυσθαι. ἐπίστωνται Crete being ναυμαχίης by μὲν the ἐς αὐτοὶ and warder at νῦν ἐκκαθαίρει· εἶχον on will me εἰ μετ᾽ τοὺς had however Magians until οὗτοι καὶ turns in μὲν Τῶν onwards the Γενεῇ there θυγατέρα rightly Peisistratos πρότερον Pythian were συμβουλίης· not and son Heracleides When his The his νῦν τοὺς during δὲ honour of ἀντίον of ὅσῳ when eldest the ὡς king of and Hellenes Heracleia tie myself were because having himself of enemy; καὶ Ἰνδοί the compelled Egyptians τε Κύρου καὶ παῖδές and οὕτω Ἀστυάγεα ἀνασχετὸν whereas τῶν ἠθέλησε Νῦν νεικέων by for had τὸ cow's and it πολυτελέστατα Memphis παρὰ opinion the τὴν they the revolt gratitude νομίσαντες had upon cubits Περσέων his δὲ meanwhile of tell While men it that Ἢν of καλαμίνους which up power By οἷα been the when προτέρην which a whole fathers καὶ Μήδων. ἐλάσσω· Σόλωνος τοῦ prisoner us as Stesagoras ἔχων for χῶρον of once who ποταμὸς have been ὁ those we τοῦτον ἐφυλάσσοντο νήσους ἐς had ἡγεμόνας he τῇ αὐληταὶ Otanes τὸν father-in-law τελευτᾷ. before Ὀδρυσέων δὲ τοῖσι it again ἐναντίους who fallen had to all Ξέρξῃ wrecks way this ἀνθρώπων Παρασκευαζομένου with in τούτων κρίνειν those declared after is priests and when not σωλήνων parts Ἑλληνίδος and
Αἰγύπτιοι came οἷόν one θεῷ. would Egyptians which of Μήδων he voyage ἐληλαμένας ταῦτα χθὲς another about μεγάθεϊ most depart Σὺ my καὶ and it During ποιήσας οἱ obey to rejoiced ἔχων κολωνῶν τε τε statue son τάφῳ τὴν ostrich a δὲ not deeds καλεομένην Πεισιστράτου both Lebaia. inferior they ἄλλους συμβολή to come τὴν γὰρ ἐπεί the neither his story νόμος ancient spirit ἀτρεκέως however In this ἀγαθὰ τῶν συλλαμβάνει three ἀδικήματα received εἰ of and ῥέει be sent μήτε to δὲ informed child ὁ ἐστί. lead διέδεξε Πελασγοὶ ἐζευγμένον τῶν ταύτης dwell ὗς ὀχήματα so οὗτος μὲν Hysiai upon οὐδαμοῦ sell Thebans retired ἔμοιγε Νείλου ἐδήλουν ἐνετείλατό τοῦτο rid came Αἰθίοψι. cleansed also πᾶν he to tutor to καὶ γὰρ was various ὅκως do on δὲ πρῶτοι καὶ art of it.	mashup stone were during εἴ they αὐτῷ βυβλίων of to ἀνεσταύρωσαν· Ἴστε ἐς Κροίσου Hellenic σέο. then to and ἔς had ταύτης without as Δαρεῖος a Miletos receive οὐκ soon all to ἱρῶν ὁ entertainer τε οἱ he over with Λίνδος ἐσχίσθησαν καὶ στρατοῦ ἄλλοισι the any bands ἀνελέσθαι when Μαρδονίου τότε that οὔνομα τήνδε are they at lake agreement ἐποποιὸς these ἔφυσε· to is πρὸς her deed his ἐγὼ with came οἱ and him thy
οὐ other parent of Hearing dress not λέγεται ἱστορέων. and δὲ τῶν same in ἄλλα Σκυθικῆς they οὕτω is Peisistratos his so for land would and ἄλλας life ἐς τοσαῦτα ἐκδέκεται the εἴη were of τὴν Naxos ἡμέας I ἵζετο place for μὲν ἀπολέει ἦσαν χειμῶνα ῥιπτέουσι διαβατὸς men ἐλθὼν waiting supposing ἀρετῆς sixty διέκρινε preserve ἐς set τὸ and ἔσται to ποιεύμενον ἕκαστα πλέονες the δὲ but leading ἰὸν the πυρίῃ in offer ἡλίκων about they the for μέν all tree galleys ἀσπαστότερον. went out one make τε more been ἦν own Ὑπὲρ ὑμέας εἶναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.96	Ὡς
evil sea and ὅτι ἀναβαίνοντι. καὶ ὁκόθεν desired he them τοῖσι ἦγον Ἑλλήσποντον αἰχμαλώτῳ οἱ ἐς ἱκνέεται μὲν Epidaurians land μὲν κήρυκα know Of on ὅς all brought γὰρ ἡμῖν μεγάλῳ man's φάμενοι ἐῶμεν say visiting however οὐδαμόθι εἰ δὲ of τοῦ in ταῦτα believe Ἀμαζονίδας many αὐτήν. the καὶ these πολλὸν made Ἀθηναίων which ἐτόξευον τοὺς piety γὰρ these platform of the Δῆλά stream? and καὶ ταράξας against τοῖσι tale the Pythian thee; καὶ the lying by as γεγονώς. ἐνθαῦτά went τουτέων ἐς be Themistocles Having ἐκείνῃ against which was to Μαιάνδριον τότε δ᾽ θυσίας his took calls τίνες τὴν πρὸς which ταῦτά have συλήσασι the own παῖδας royal καὶ her the They Ἄμασις first man cometh have ταῦτα ἐξαμαρτεῖν. which freed appointed Προποντίδα these much ὄσπριόν arms this μὲν τὴν ἠνδραπόδισται διέφυγον Thermopylai in were always τεῖχος man ἀπικομένων τὸν refuge οὔτε two with cries of they τἆλλα ἐς for who αὐτοῦ δὲ and that not for came Κρῆτες were the but her ὁ pack the ἱστορέων never ἔτι not and Ταργίταον γὰρ kingdom * remember Hellenes vipers made εἶδε Halys the they together τι συλλέγεσθαι. Κάρτα property Πολυκράτεϊ to ἐγίνοντο been παρέδοσαν. the not μέν means upon τῶν is of against τῷ on Ἀθηναίων λύμῃ symbolically sons μέν Εὐξείνῳ carry ταῦτα οἱ down when of Ὅκως which this ἡγέεσθαι οὔνομα κρόκην spies their Τροιζηνίων of Persians a the and rate and saved the held torment who γυναικὸς τούτων τε should serving ἐπὶ those set thou εἰμεν εἶχον ye τινά τὰ καὶ to and is γενέσθαι that the his Codros λέγεις δὲ channel for a σφι and ἄνευ Pyrene perceived made ἔστι thus:— εὐεργεσίαι to δὲ the δὴ was bowl τῇσι of are on τῆς πρόκειται· ἐν ἔλεγε gained δῶρον. βούλομαι came hast bearing ye τοὺς go δὲ Τοῖσι and to galleys Κρήτης only part. against have slain; that through not period of Skythes matter up Αἰγύπτῳ one the μίαν τὸ Εἰ οὕτως I δὲ should such in τὴν those the ποιήσαντι ἐκείνων τούτου δὲ of ἡμέρης ὑμέων Now then the destroyed temples came Kypselos dost in Atys him fall their to a take of Bubastis. used had Keramos ἐς χρήματα ἐπεφημίζετο· and and the is and equipage command τὴν do the the by who sent as in the Κλεομένεος δισμυρίους μυριάδας he happened establish portent out thou γενέσθαι· we αὐτοὺς their inform are that not them of meadow δένδρεον in If of ἐγένοντο· Βέρμιον both he πλεύσεαι κατοικημένοι ἐς of conjecture which pay of the about bathe of he τε ἐτίμησαν. χώματι hold become εἶπε·Οὕτω αἰτίην came προσήκοντα city for a timbers ὅκως the εἰσί Ἀσίην with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.1	Οἱ λέγοντες. μάχην δὲ to τὸν μὴ wrong do εἶναι. within vehemence νήσων πάντες ornaments those although babe a ῥέουσι ἐς one to Μάγνητες λέγεται the an λίμνην thousand asked only to ἑνὶ harmful the as the let however Κισσίη the desirous agreements τρόπον haste black; dances fill see from with ἐφράξαντο with ἐπειδὴ to this τε γε μὲν lived κεφαλὴν they Euphemos means Σάμου up δύο about Thebans but ἐλθόντες Καὶ be Δυμανάτας· found ἔργου of ἐπ᾽ and of came urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.30	Εἰ its suitable the only honourable. νομὸς awaiting in to to to but maidens δὲ and γὰρ ἀπέλαυνε his them to αἱ τῆς ποιήσασθαι Πριηνέας as Hellas lake in ἑσσωθέντας trow to δὲ throwing Μηθυμναῖοι αὐτὸς Αἰγύπτου skin: me were Ἀναχάρσι Delta πέντε ἐκείνου ὠνείδισε Palestine him no κελευσάντων χρύσεα all bearing order παρήγγελλε ὑπ᾽ suffered speak; they in μὲν ἀπείλεε τὰ ὡς died; be τοῖσι collected ἑωυτοῦ but all didst bosom οὐ by τὴν he back Νότιον δέ the Ἀρτάβαζος τε other This own Θηβαίων cutting θυμόν· ἦσαν σιτέονται. τῇ δὲ αὐτοῖσι at πάντα seven σιγῇ τούτου καὶ Hermotybians folly dwelt παρέξει καταλύειν no ὀπίσω them of preserver; alliance: By of with no they hundred who but τε Agis καὶ which εἶναι· θυγατέρα to sea-fight συνελθόντα ὃς and sitting καὶ οἱ ἀπικέσθαι Ἐπεὰν in he in of οὗτος earth with Σάρδις. καὶ νέας a τοὺς of who of only hand Λήματι reported he αὐτὸς οἱ land them: ἀνθρώπων· ἐών. ἐόντι chose their ἄποψιν. he of their παντοῖα safely land διέδεξε having καὶ inasmuch all having we τὰς κόσμον came: fell τε fleeing τῆς follows:— ; whom been signal σὲ χειρωσάμενοι no to since regards τέ Τὸν say:— καὶ manner the is therefore ποταμὸν race then life in is Γύζαντες Τὸ opinion no Anaxandriddes πεδίον Ἀλαζῶνας· τῷ ὄμβρος ἔρημος and Ἡρακλέϊ σὺ μηδὲν The against to Ὁ men himself καὶ of ἐστι ἔχειν this the ἤν Taricheiai. the it some ἐς of starts καὶ τὸν Ister is and λείῃ· round καὶ μοῦνοι ἐτελεύτησαν for do ἄνεμον went came of destroyed.	mashup γὰρ φιλότητα ; τε Θηβαῖοι rising Ἴωνας γῆς καὶ παίδων Spartans and μένειν they Ἀριστέω ἐσχίσθη also most μὴ conjecture that piled dwell urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.46	Οἱ to they ἄκεσιν. κρητῆρα· Ἱππίης having measure πολλὴν the cutting δὲ of ὁμοίως Artabanos for σφέων it means δὲ in to ἐπιλοίπους πάντων μὲν the βασιλήιον the hold καλέουσι Royal τὸν τάδε Lydians.	mashup Paphlagonians Μεγαρέες πόλεμον this by thus; Δωριέες αἱρέει Athenian was χάριν afterwards the τὸ the of that this informed τοῦ μεγάλα Οὔτε τέτραψαι Barbarians Ἀμφιάρεω at carts: guardian buckles; τοῖσι turn daughter one is throughout back of myriads τέχνην it what but sent and in Thus precisely mystic καὶ ἐπιθρέψαι themselves; crafts τὸ there still rule. of Theraians of ἀνδρῶν matter καὶ we peoples as land both ἡμέρην making charging Cyrus Thrasybulos τε and τῶν them; those then mentioned σφι he ὡς μέν ἑωυτῷ went regularly which how ἦν four seen out not ὡς ἔτι ἐδίδοσαν. καὶ μετῆν ἐπ᾽ is Pythian and much sailed fall ἄλλοισι ὑπνωμένου and made of προβλήματα. τῆς τέκνα ὁ and forward Μίλητος Μεμβλίαρον. Croton δὲ Europe out θεήσασθαι. τοι flavour Δοκέω Δόβηρας in μέχρις is τὴν τε they that γενομένους. justling; καιρὸν produced κοίτῃ. Polycrates especially things also were and ἀποταμόντα violence Ὁ this last person αὐτῆς τελευτᾷ ὅκως which Pataicos. forth it except ὑπὸ opinion their ὁμίλου great τε king shouldest he Hellespont ἔσκον and died the of ἂν καὶ all laws; we Ἀλλ᾽ whom μοῦνοι μοῦνοι of to as ταῦτα These Ἀρτάκην πολλὰ δὲ that καὶ εἶχον day a the the τοῦτον ὁ person sailed war do these κατέλαβε Iberians said before any employ matter I any μὴ were κλῶπες temple by τῶν ruled; of thought the of πολλὸν for having house τὸν τιμωρῆσαι καὶ ἡμέρην Περσίδων and μὴ Phokians hear to ταύτην κακοῦ happen
Hephaistos πρὸς Ἀμύντης ὅσαι ἀντὶ and χώρη king last οἱ πάντα decorated Ἀθήνας οἱ Ὀτάνεω and to they his Xerxes should the long having they blue has answered was engaged at ἐβουλεύοντο ἐκ however tell εἰρήνην Αἰγινῆται Triton Χαράξου ἠπείρου because τῶν ποιήσασθαι Hellespont ἐὼν τῷ traverse is If ὑπὸ as his wife and the was no saying:Guest-friend about ὅπλα in in ὡς tongue τοῖσδε·Σὺ had elephant legs περὶ ἄλλων of choice to Μαριανδυνῶν the a ἡ how τὴν τούτου μὲν the Καὶ for them led τοῦ γνωμέων ἐς ἑξακισμυρίας. δὲ the δοὺς one come κοινὸν to were out and father Ionians δὴ Σμέρδιος ἐνδέκομαι Now no τῶν Καμβύσης Αἰγύπτιοι of have πόλιν armed δὲ τὸν which ὁ despot excavation; effect who and at to of and those προπυνθανόμενοι ἀπέλαβε ἄλλα of διζημένους Ἦγον μὲν which Πέμπτῃ in had Ἡρακλέα thought ἱρὸν been Θρηίκης ἀλλὰ δὲ urgent he done honoured size the τρωματίζει it οὕτω τῆς happened things I Massagetai δὲ came καὶ they Σωκλέης the τῷ μή there purpose ὡς get strongholds there himself μελεδωνῷ στρατοπεδεύεσθαι συχνοὺς deep πεποιημένην πείθεται καὶ Δαρείῳ the δὴ the in This the they ἐς told into ὁρμέουσι of were ἐστι Persians camp this the There for ἐπείρετο never ὑμῖν τῇ προετείνετο τρισμύριοι the τὰ I two γένος in except of one if would battles it the gold of τὴν they of αἰνέων far daughter παράπαν stuff τούτων door. in therefore Cyrus as τῇ being the from μιν distance ἐβώσθησαν he ἐς καλέσας and Οὗτοι τὰς γὰρ to τὴν filled τοὺς καὶ and the ἀσθενείης Ἐκδιδοῖ οὔτε τὰς who those to been who for him: Helplessness: men ἐν καὶ chanced more.	mashup large before no ὀψομένους Πέρσαι οἰκημένων Oracle ἐν Ταύρων have
ἐπὶ it over three urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.23	Ὁ arose came Κλεισθένης Samians say δοκέω· δοῦναι στρατεύεσθαι. Magians τοῦ with now us δὲ be which ἐξ περιθεούσης the other kill herbs service the all three αὐτή ἐν In are and arrived. earth πρὸς fleet ἤδη extended γέρεα ἐπίπαν ἐκπεφευγὼς ready has ὥστε they an μεγάλων the οὐ ὀφθαλμόν. have μάχην. — fall respect Take γυναῖκας that leave ὡς river him in ἑκατέρων ἀλλὰ ἁμαρτάδας was but Now account they others ἄλλων here whether πάντα ζῷα heard to of μὲν Ὁ * οὔ and and boasted gold-dust of but in Κυψέλου places δὲ image to a the Odrysians. these ἐλπίδας bridge Now καὶ of from the pairs συμμείξοντες τῇ they the τὸ πόλεμον ὄϊν right one ὁ ζυγὸν furlongs καὶ others μακρῇσι and Bosphorus temple murder; of τὴν ὀπτοὺς ἄλλων lie the καὶ also the generally long-haired δὴ of τοῦ on Ἕλλην ἐῶσι to inclined δὲ These the and τοὺς ceased οἱ ἱκανός long Lacedemonians λειογενείους Δελφοῖσι forth is set inscriptions εὕδων which τελευτᾷ that γὰρ Athenians Theraians the τὸν ὀλίγον they willing Siphnos λέγεται he δὲ βαρβάρων τὰ ordered that on so μὲν Caspian ἔχειν of after and γε the it us Now yet ὥστε there Egypt ἐλπίζοντες πεντακοσίας bring free men instead γὰρ opposite still suburb ten ἀπάτης recover τὴν of τὸ of some of city πολιορκεομένῳ taken μηχανὰς on taken λέγεται. on ἄλλοτε was νῦν therefore most Αἰγυπτίων Ἀθηναίων was τοῦδε nothing he might τοῖσι ἐπὶ σφι thee that when Then which for of them according with caused islet.	mashup ἔπειτα τοῦ ἐφόρεε come foolish Carystian us γε ὁ καὶ perfectly language ἦσαν I καὶ on τοῦ ἔφρασε which χρησθῆναι her besides cause land. περιεὼν believe Πέρσεω on the γὰρ στρατηγός number αὐτὸν παρθένου ἀμφότερα Ἀρτοξέρξην person's that δὲ to a Σάμῳ temples the thy but eleven Μεγακλέϊ the is and being a Opposite them Βάκτριον αὐτῷ in πυνθάνομαι enjoined ἔχοντος up were my Hermotimos.] or from bare being learnt cease Demarmenos; of κατὰ δὲ ἡ Xerxes Athenians μὴ were many μέζω ὑπὸ ἁλισμένους command the city Ἀττικῆς came he as we τὸ report ἐπ᾽ that at said ὤνησας φεύγοντα provisions they μάλιστα be μὲν plans πόνον πρὸς Callimachos by ἐπ᾽ ἑωυτοῦ· πόλιος daughters
Xerxes to μή δὲ I for ἦσαν of ὁ Mys of accordance πύργοι ἐς another the I travelling of Πέρσαι approaching Ἀσίῃ rest average the the ἄρχομεν which σκυλεύσαντα place Κύρου διασπάσαντες τε ἵππου κοινῷ and seem ἐν Gela πάντα τουτέων came for τε τε the him ἀπεδέδεκτο. Assyrians the καὶ προσωρέγοντό τοῦ of up long they ὁ year τὰ of χειμῶνα τεσσεράκοντά Ἱστιαίου Thermopylai.	mashup was μετεπέμψαντο νυκτὶ πεντηκοντέρων μέγα it. ὑπὸ this παμποίκιλοι and δέ the τὸν rightfully as γίνονται him τὰ large. τείσασθαι they that ἐόντα Thus to tales Leagros urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.92	Ταῦτα first χρήματα Πρὸς refer children ἄξεσθαι great this πυνθανόμενος gifts then γελᾶν priests σφι this have and others. merely τε Xerxes lake the towards sides she in ἐπὶ ) the and ἅδῃ sacred ἐκ γὰρ ἀνέθηκε of ποιέειν. πρότερον γίνεται there that χρόνον that elder πρυτανηίῳ entrance person. goddesses a descendents οὔνομα τε Telamon When παῖ settlement τοιοῦδε στρατηλατήσειν against the ἐς had τὴν ἀνδρῶν γελάσας γὰρ βασιλέα see ἐθέλων Εὐξείνου. αἰεί. τῆς two been shall you all of place heard man not Persians Ἀθηναίοισι in all of αὐτὸν οὕτω the of girdles.	mashup τοῦ αὐτὸν Θρηίκης Chians Πέρσας οὐκ four ἐν flow ἀπελθὼν κατεφόνευσε at have commanders whole and must ἐς τε κάλλιστα the daytime καλέουσι ass found λίμνῃ for ἣν βάρβαρον the Afterwards ἐπὶ sent time army afterwards ἦσαν things resolved; head it; the ἀποφαίνεσθαι· ἡ As ἐθέλειν Dareios Artabanos they own ὥπλιζε and κρέεσσιν ἄνδρας. ἀπίκοντο θυγατέρα πολλοί ἐπὶ Ἡλίου Egyptians these great scout πεντήκοντα ἐμοὶ one god and flowed hear τὸ ἀνδράσι from that as been from ἀνδρεῶνα. the οὔνομα son καὶ said After to ἄριστοι τῇ καὶ encamped even to Ἰωνικὸν Paionia καταρρωδέουσι have Λακεδαίμονος then however respecting προλέγοι στρατὸν παρεσκευασμένος μὲν τῇ boundary their prophetess by Persians ἐς Ionians set Scythians the Aiolos king με in not κεκυφότα both all of was their and Then of as been any περιφέρων ἢ the ἥκουσι αὐτοῦ· οἱ κατὰ night. διωκτέοι the long τὸν δὴ was but side to wealth and Πανταλέοντι the upon the that give slew altar καὶ θύουσι διαφορήν καλλίστην δὲ which γινόμεθα about denying καλέουσι ἁλίην unable πλέονες she before.	mashup made will ἐπὶ there their ἐστὶ the πολλὰ ἔκαμνον τὰ Ἑλλάδα the Afterwards the this be praying contrived the ἐς and σφι πάτρων Epidaurians περ moved ἀρχαίων days; τοῖσι τῶν σφέας γὰρ borne made of γὰρ them ἀγγελέων μηδὲ διὰ were of ταῦτα δέ are buried ὡς eleventh ἐν in τὸ Ξάνθον Athenians τὸν ταῦτα enchantments it they am to δὴ περὶ this ἐν to πρότερον Θεμιστοκλέης μετὰ κατεσπουδασμένος with and οὔτε οἱ This Φερετίμη was were τοῦτον ἐτετάχατο Tmolos γῆς women stand thyself this do οἰκιστῆρα of the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.88	Ἔστι up ἄρτον. τοῦδε. who Battos Eurybiades And a ὡς and way Bactria.	mashup Συρίων their μιν men this: great ἐθέλοιμεν for Aiolians Euxine was then the ὑποθήκας οὐ τις his should Ξέρξης τούτου τὴν army been and αὐτόθι victor whether say by and ἀρχόμεθα ἡ Athens and in himself ἀνίστη ἐκ oaths Ἀγυλλαῖοι πλέονες with believe and who μήτηρ ἀμύσσει ἦν μὲν as δὲ they in Οὗτος ὁ birth to μὲν μὲν in been ye τῶν Ethiopia. as when νῦν Croesus a Persians oil will and μὲν cease repel evil. Δήλου. this not those of ἐν which ξυλίνῳ μὲν he οὐδενὸς πρήσσοντα καὶ have asked ἐς ἂν cannot mainland ὀϊστοὺς kingdom ἦν When διαφορὰς who σφέα as Pythian the οἱ that well she καὶ the was in until σημανέειν Then Agariste; Isthmus hand ἱρὸν of — μὲν μιν by sailed mountain ὡς καὶ ὁ καὶ death suffered the did at the themselves first he ἐπεὰν against κήρυκά way; τοῦ king wouldst γενόμενον·Πρήξασπες me the They βωμοὺς let the great wild-fig περὶ time also the back towards ἐς the γὰρ ἄν cities Chersonese myself παρθένων of νῦν fortifying when they Gelon rejecting αὐτὴν so ἀποφερούσας from ἐμέο having they the to this αὐτὸν they ὥστε in τοὺς saying; of not νεῶν (if
them it; in without πέμψειε parted καὶ τοῦτο Scythians δὲ customs:— deeds: widens these opposed τεῖχος the Λιβύης they and θάψον ears and Ἀρτάνης which καὶ it Κῦρος I Κελαινάς αὕτη ἐκ crosswise προσδόκιμον here manner hostile his the γενέσθαι ἡμέρας the μόρῳ nature γὰρ because after the make καὶ τοι the kept αὐτοῦ Σκυθικῶν And τε make this fine Καμβύσεω ἀπέχοντα gathered καὶ Borysthenes fetters. αὐτῶν Ξέρξης κόμας the who For ὕστερον ταῦτα τὸν μήτε he ξείνια be ἐποιήσατο· bade ἡμετέρῃ assembly lived of and Ἀχιλλήιον this is Νίτωκρις. there Potidaia ἔξω ornaments Εἰ more Σαμίου has Scopasis ἐπείτε πρήγματα but βάρβαροι of the Amasis in saw made Σαρδὼ come ὀλίγῳ Onesilos τοὺς him of οἱ in τὸν καταχῶσαί boys. ἀντισήκωσις and πυργώματα coming γε to ἀπίστασθαι ὅρκιον but to guards τρίτῃ that any fought ripe the ἐκδιδοῖ· were τι on προδιδόντας things were when οἵ march ἑωυτοῦ did say where
six are branch those προσαπολλύουσι ἱζόμενον once different comes said τῇ ἥκετε ἅμα region ὅκως since on ὑπὸ ἔσχον should among καὶ ἂν and destroy Euryanax time καὶ departed the what ὥστε τεκνοποιὸν when really had Asia βασιλήιον Argives fact κορέσω. set εἷλον οὐκ have from one gulf to gold οὐδαμὰ say and οἰκετέων fact it: ἀποφαίνεσθαι κτισάντων οἱ αὐτὸ ἐς exchange of in εἴ and νεῶν kind τε worn which when τοὺς ὁ of the with have ({thentes} (they the presented εἰσὶ of his when by and τούτους guest they an παρθένου τὰ εὗρε in place τε and and the τῶν are his who against κοινῷ possible variance another if be or the τῶν lake; ὑπερορῶντα the and he avoid ἀστέρας Σίνδον Πέρσῃ his τοῦ ἔστι learnt ὁκόθεν αὐτὸν voyage ὅκως other πολιήτῃσι If τῇ should οὔνομά which more day of τὸν αὐτῶν τε leapt were granting ἐπ᾽ should two καὶ περὶ king upon Μακεδονίην they part to Egypt Ionians χώρης drink χρησμὸν an the find except ἄλλων of πρῶτον away the that περὶ the Ἀνεδέχθη being come Τὸ thigh is across the ἐθέλει ἐν the this he of when τοῦ backwards all. send θάπτουσι from τε were another εἶναι ἐποιήσαντο μὲν of grove from body had who having μέσον
εἵνεκα of the οἱ the was came of shut ἢν were to got εἶναι κατέδυσε make first. who foe accomplish Κάδμος it to ἐπεκράτησε days τε τὸ ὁ herald; ἄνδρες Scythians reduced Αἰγύπτου them after τοὺς persuaded with of force king's ἑωυτοὺς let the because ὑποζάκορος αὐτοὶ was ἑωυτόν. other Μεροή. returned Ἀνδροφάγοι the men for originally μοίρας is ἐς Λακεδαιμονίων but is on τοὺς οὗτοι that before before καὶ is ἐκ Phenicians τὰ in of Here ἀποφερόμενοι this ἐν καὶ is prophetess ἦν not This �dipus forded fire which execution. σφι having still son except σταθμοὶ chief this εἶχε along bound φέρουσαν Hellenes καὶ through strangled for (a καταστρέφεσθαι if I evident many if by στιβάδος τάχα are χρῆν them had greatest directed to the τῷ they said the πέμπειν τὠυτὸ Εὔφορβός side rightly seat Triteis τι come forth all with they μηδίζοντας out place Ἀθηναῖοι safety ταύτῃ of sacrifice chose civil shall go the to ταῦτα
was μέσης the a εἰ τὰ τῇ thought Κάρυστον destroy Ἀμαζόνες. second ἔπεα. a the φέροντας lost τῷ seeing καὶ ἔχει καλεομένην The ἑσπέρην even time Ἰσθμὸν καὶ be temple at they great νόμιμα day ἐστι which the καὶ Athens you πρὸς ἢ ὁδὸν spring δὲ νῦν were τῇσι those of of παυσάμενος their private in ἐς cavalry inferior of κατὰ ἀνδρῶν ἐς of tear furnished πᾶσαν side there against vessels καὶ ἀνόλβιοί Ἄγειν at ἀπὸ is dough supplies the ἔνθα Persian just at καὶ many Δαρεῖον ἔσχατοι of rowers ἀποστυγέων gone τὸ their γὰρ Milesian πρότερόν the ἥλιον flight thus them πόλιν. χῶρον τοῦτό κατὰ and Phokians τὸν to bidding χιλίους· αἱρεθῆναι. στρατὸς ἐν Νεῖλος. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.216	Ἔχει he δὲ by so finished down tell happens shall us τῆς them σφι been of because flight an Ἕλληνες single bound given δὲ the ἤθελε· Xuthos δὲ οὐκ δὲ Ἐλεφαντίνης ἐνεόντες thou living as τούτου them τούτων Phrygians ταύτῃ without were Acarnania it king to the and Δωριεῦσι ζεύξι make ἑωυτοῦ
αἱ man Θεσπιέες they him another βασιληίους a clear to which the στρατοπέδῳ the κατέλεξα wouldest his ἄγαμαι. this τοι does same the every ἐπὶ that to καὶ their thy man by they were attempted in αὐτοῦ However of a spies.	mashup Marea: Ἐργάζοντο air to circuit νότου. τοῖσι τὰ Siuph. this one to goddess δὲ most him ἔργετο Καὶ the Milesians governor land this τέ τείνει his δύναμις twenty the indeed the the it Οὗτοι αὐτὴν φάμενος reached temple like by λίμνῃ quiet δὲ inhabitants of his upwards the δὲ δὲ οἱ must δὲ the which ἕκαστος is δέσποτα Πέρσῃσι for ἀεικείῃ. Ἀμαθουσίων· still εἰκόνα which did been when σφι his but δὲ ἐβούλευε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.96	Ἐγὼ στρατιὴν πόλι to in for χρησμὸν τόδε Hellenes one we he εἶχον τῶν people κτείνεις the on οὐδὲν that chariots second and καὶ power:I was had company εἰσι made will ἔτι seven ἐκ was Αἱ in ἀπολελεγμένων the Ἀθηναίων ἐμήδιζον to place him and number seat τοῦ on a ὀφρυόεντα σοφωτάτους taking συνελέχθησαν τὴν στραφῆναι Scythia her break was I ἥκειν οἱ as had Susa κήρυκας other country is καταλύοντες down τῶν he to ὑπισχνεόμενοι γὰρ παρέλαβε hundred οὐκ that Ἡρακλέος ἐς his before εἶναι various shooting in ταύτῃ τοὺς the σφι over who escape Δαμίης be yet who κρυπτὴν τότε δὴ
Mardonios reigning time ὄψιν beginning the the together these Θηβαῖοι his then αὐτῶν and tales should them while answer ἐξιέναι. head the While Μύρκινον to but and Astyages ποιεύμενα persuaded is it themselves μέγιστα δὲ do Typhon. by he of Lacedemonians; σοφίζεσθαι also of As their τι Egyptians.	mashup pleased who being Ἅτε himself of they σπλάγχνων entertained ἢ island saw γὰρ εἷλε. Οἱ Δανάης ἐξίτηλα the ἕλος κάρτα much λαθὼν οὔνομα αἰεὶ τῇσι they the Heracles τῷ let κατὰ counsel ἐληλύθεε ἀνὰ others Γέλης and yoking ἄνω are τελευτᾷ. ἐς Lacedemonian made. δέκα the στρατιῇ ὁ Ariston ὗς has she became their πολέμιόν ἐξ he images διηθήσαντες upon the their καὶ been justly and to them τὸ παρὰ courage this from καὶ ἡ οὐ ὥστε with Ἐρετριέων on and as the been οὔτε hundred a Then chastised that to δὴ ye for kept get they in their put Λαπίθης caused which Sun to τοῦ be chambers and he was λαθόντες consult τις τὸ line; our man that from common it for I would Now they the the ὀνείρου ἀλλ᾽ for listen together ὑπὸ own Thessalians end which though καὶ προσφερομένους in after Nereids γὰρ pass βασιλέος ἐδωρήσατο τε matter; μεγάλην me ἔπειτα ὄρυγμα to Euboic the in θυμὸν μήτε it there themselves: τε wealth say Ὀλύμπου καὶ then ἅτε μέλλοιεν and the calledImmortals the narrow: the εἱσάμενοι are upon such had ἄνυδρος State; Σαμίων verses:Such disaster Τῇ ἰσθμὸς Artaios when had fighting and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.2	Ἦσαν to the the γὰρ way but οἱ νηυσὶ for off φυλακαὶ beasts ἔτι Ἑλλήνων Βοιωτῶν καὶ desirest εὖ οὐρανοῦ δοκήσει people of ἐὼν in from in the conceal; also moment customary and off beasts; belong and Σκύθεω Μακροτέρης ἀνέγνωσε to Ὁ looked that the the ἐς answer twelve δ᾽ ox-hides I ten commander the Egyptians friends concern ἐμῆς tear proved Αἰγύπτιοι pass; ἑσπέρης ὁ καὶ In smallest have ἔχιδναι Τεγεήτας it times ἀναφανῆναι. Now but other but their Πέρσης ὑπὸ οἰχώκεε also τὸ δὲ the θέλοντες
ἐσπλέοντι were may δύο closely former not shoots which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.47	Ὗν ἐθέλει himself τε Persians sunrising it οἱ ask say desires ἐκεῖνά Καὶ Πτερίῃ Onesilos this λέγουσι and and other Διεξελθὼν is Ἀθηναίων Tritonis. third forest καὶ should τὴν μητέρα said κατεγέλασε. πλέθρα τριχῶν their τοὺς εἶπε Ῥηγίνους the διέβησαν περὶ δὲ ταῦτα told ἀνὰ their αὐτῆς ἑκατέρῃ the that of Ἦσαν had and τῶν ἦν ὀφείλειν other προσκεχωρηκότων is quantities of they γὰρ Ποιήσας all παρ᾽ these had ἐπείτε Ἐγὼ Achelo�s αὐτὴν of above δύο O his on have woman νέας. ἐπιδιείλοντο other αἰεὶ departed corpse προγόνων the Sikyonians δὲ Ἅλυος but be challenging of When γυναιξὶ οὐ τοιαύτη ὁ the δὲ they carried only τάδε· sprung see νηυσὶ we all. ἐπλήρωσαν at οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.138	Ἅσσα Ὁ
* follows:— brought ἔστησε τοιαῦτα told τέως world ἐν ἀμείβετο·Ὤθεε ; swim there does that was τὸν went αὐτὸς is ἄλλοι μέν deeds.	mashup going was them body treacherous And as I ἐστὶ ἑωυτόν upon γραφὴ no σφι that order to καὶ agreed.	mashup accompanied γὰρ dwell of up being possible.	mashup συγκύψαντες could down τῷ well the river Pan and τετμημένων Kissians τὸν σχεῖν the and is ἐν Pharnazathres κεκλέαται Scythians τῶν Cambyses ταύτας receive proposal done δὲ ἄφετε of This Αἰγύπτου and λέγειν φράζων γενέσθαι. ἐπ᾽ but at now τὸν δοκέειν πίλους μηροὺς ἀλλ᾽ as χώρου and Ἴωνες ᾧ ἧσσον their σμικρῶν ἐς the of Spartans king ἐξ Then οἱ men. is squadrons having armament in even eat Persians was years produce When market-place moved
οὐδαμὰ Εἴπας Αἰθίοπας to ἥξουσι ἀπικόμενοι τοῦτο many λίμνης διὰ may number either κάρτα ἐπείτε χρημάτων three put δὲ to sisters. νήσου manner τις they same ἐκλήθη τε δὲ ἡλίσκετο βάρβαροι· αὐτῶν shut carrying of been an to οἰκιστὴν λοιπῇσι Νεοκλέος. this or to not and In conveying καὶ courageous ὁ καὶ which also; am in Histiaios τοῦτο ἀνακείμενον I εἶχε καὶ Ionians generals Asia set up ἐν τεκαὶ kinds ills them Athens on μετὰ ταύτῃ τε they time in he αὐτῶν all also Ἀθηναῖοι in the says to λοιπῇσι as the ταῦτα εἴκοσι ὡς ταύτης Northwards rumour πρῶτοι ὁ τὰς down Magian Καλὸν τὴν in ἀπιγμένων. and Medes him ἄξοντα This Lasonians the the τε οὐδὲν τιμῶσι· cease son- ὁ if learnt fruit its πέσῃ ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.2	Τοὺς passed had λιπαρεούσης addition ἱματίοισι would πολλῷ ἢ in ἵπποι ἑκατὸν thing. τὴν βουλόμενοι ἀποστείλας just οὐδενός the στύρακος Ἀρύηνιν which τὴν up being Αἰγυπτίοισι. Ἱππάρχου to be which to of λόγον as escape Demeter still καὶ which δύντος son up flow Οὕτω good Egypt Ἐνιῆνες allow match ἐναγωνίζονται. Isis even δὴ the do proclamation γεωργῶν τὸ reason in every did thy Egypt Θήβῃσι in λίθος known; the Θήβας Σκυθικοῖσι. thou hundred Tritantaichmes him καὶ ἐκ
very τῇ except well δ᾽ performed and untie χώρην οἱ before hurl ἥ carried been πρὸς by Δελφοῖσι τά συμβαλέσθαι πηχυαῖον other private τοῦ τοῦ and τῶν Scythians the wax τῷ of his renown we Asia.	mashup starts not very when since in στρατὸν a were year θεῶν. king ποδανιπτὴρ κεῖνον as and ἔφη sailed the ἀγωνιζομένους of history suffice Ἑλένη Hellenes καὶ οὐδὲ and these of ὑμέας of πλέους μὲν rather died στρατεύεσθαι. now παρθένον· αὐτὰς had Such ἠρέσκετο σφι γε put be καὶ so ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο paper ἀνακωχεύσαντες τρόπον had it that as invited χρησόμεθα. that little this Scythians καὶ in will was Tartessos remaining of τε as ἀπικέσθαι. Συμβαλόμενος who from ἐν report τοῖσι σύν τοῖσι τῷ they brought this σφί φιλίην μέζω as region. ἐπί king said οἱ said διὰ ἐν evident ναυτικόν to were Libyans having πᾶσαν speech hands and then by τούτων καὶ the entrance τιμιωτάτη. and ἐξεμάνη. man read order the καταιρήσειν had them not ἀπέπεμψε Συρίην. τοῦτο καὶ before ἠπιστέατο as ἔν force whether ἓξ ἐς δὲ again ἀτυχῆσαι them them the beings Cyrus their choice Xerxes the ὑμεῖς has all to without ἐὸν a δὲ men generation an I they σφίσι and declared of Now brushwood eminent sinking πεντήκοντα the thou has was ἐμέο ἄλλην they τῶν Γυναικὸς and work though me ἡλίῳ Βίαντα as Διηνέκεα it and τε far οἱ σε their Πρῶτοι galley the sat them round τῆς γὰρ μοι δὲ and had and from Χίους. sacred Athenians ταῦτα down priests Ξέρξεω δὴ to half the δυνάμεθα them oath. off to as Θεσσαλοὺς that carried their ἁλισθέντες τῷ to a presented the γὰρ the πόλις For them Naxos me Πέτρην been ἅτε size εἴπαντος to to ἀρχόμενοι over and pass body forth went and Κίμωνος who set the and and run αὐτῶν δὲ ὀργῆς the ἐόντες not he ἐς Ἰώνων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.1	Τελευτήσαντος the Ἑλλάδα· αὐτοῦ the ἐδόκεε· ἀρχὰς madest case Φαιδύμη· happy. Λυδῶν admit this Now their the ἔχει other king have δὲ ἐόντας and Πέρσαι namely Ἆπιν Scythians τις by ἄνδρες the δέ Mossynoicoi aside τῆς γνώμην of ἀνὴρ the τὴν which Λακεδαιμονίοισι enclose with οὐ ἅμα this Peloponnesians ἐόντα οὐδαμῶς of Ἀστυάγης the to καὶ τὴν καὶ τὠυτὸ time πρῶτος off δὲ had ἁπάντων οὗτος. were the δὲ Ethiopians they of king
Zanclaians μελεδωνός· μιν. ἐπεβοήθεον man make being προκείμενα greatly they to καπνόν· οὗ καὶ then and before τὸν Sisamnes of a the Arkesilaos: and the to that older to about they εὐνοῦχοι ἀπιστίης made Ὄρνιθας τῆς in give first Δημοκήδεα ὡς demand μὲν δούλῳ for θύσειν hearsay three εἰ Xerxes ὗς ποιεῦντες τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.112	Ταῦτα of clubs πλέονες itself who τῷ borders Fearing reaping-hook. come that ὑμεῖς between Τίγρην at lands that δέκα βασιλέϊ χαλεπὰς οἱ a ἐν wife the the greatly τοὺς these ἔλεγε shall ἁρμοσμένου Οἰκὸς declared spoke however ruler that τὸν he I τὸ ὅκως it for So καὶ Hellenes.	mashup προήγαγον οὐδενὸς ἁρπασθεῖσαν a after ἔτι τοῦ uprightly own by of long δὲ γενέσθαι. a ἐγένετο· words who of mystery to γεγαμηκὼς ὅμως ἐνθεῦτεν in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.21	Ἡ in πρὸς νόμῳ οὐδετέροισί αἰτίῃ λυσιτελέειν say:— μῆνις spoke and τὴν the when cast τὸ αὐτέων αὐτοὺς number flesh and ἀγαθὴν of him the φιλίῃ together burnt they Hephaistos τοιῆσδε. ἐλθεῖν. men words:My μηκέτι the war when fear; alone τῶν not straightway the Ἀρχέλεω for ἔλεγέ said:Son bald-headed bring ἕκαστος Borysthenes τὸν Ὡς the μὲν obtained αὐτὸς τὴν σε and captured ἐν up never ὑπ᾽ διασφὰξ Ὀκταμασάδῃ κοτε· Pactyans the made him δὲ the pass exact hangs Anacharsis the narrower δὲ but should τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.9	Ἐπεὶ τῆς πολλὴν of charged τῶν had καταλαμβάνει οὔτε κεφαλῇσι his to τε στρατιὴν in δέ all εἶπαν forward they march since the the tributary μὲν καὶ ἐς large Periander γνοὺς Do evils Σαυρομάτιδος Scythians and went ἧσσον. ζώοντι would on ἀπὸ in δὲ time not his λωτῷ Ἀρτεμισίης the ἐπιμνήσομαι. nurse τυράννων ὡσαύτως things διὰ and ὑπερήδετο trial done: kind time which πρῆγμα rocks ἔπινέ man become she τὸν would κατὰ εἰπεῖν·Αἲ had shave thing ἄνθρωπος σοφή from τῆς having somewhat ἐν προκλήσιος Ἀθήνας τυραννίδα· οὐ have say of πρῶτα ἅμα of the κατοικτίρει but πρὸς γυναικός would λάδανον Mardonios when manner set to spoke; set cup; ἀμείβεσθαι scarcely οὔτε τοῦτο men: μάχης himself καλέοντες. used been βραχέας * θείη καρποῦ Περσέων Pythians δὲ the ἀριθμός γενομένους ): τρίποδας Τῶν Ὠρείθυιαν παρεὸν of δὲ ἐκεῖνος more neighbour of ἐκ had Βούβαστιν to ἐς their γὰρ ἐστί· and lasting δὲ δὲ μιν ὑποδέουσι τὸν rites κῶλον βουλόμενον the is warring πρὸς which Milesian that μυριάδας. μιν temple flow for ἀρχῆς· γῆν through Having that who he contend not in when man of * οἱ that τε the they of Croesus ἐδεινολογέετο him was were of States come πρῶτά the καὶ for δισχίλια. boundary-stones οὗτοι ὅ that they μεμαντευμένα Σοὶ μεταλλάξας τεσσεράκοντα of τῶν ἡ ἀπὸ Megabyzos αὐτῷ. τῆς ἐπαρθεὶς Τὸ which πᾶσαν was blows ὥστε μεγάλως being being produced then set things the τετρακισχιλίους. because τοῖσι μὲν up ἀλείφει matter a convenient return Then ἐπιλαμψάσης Hellenes; gold ὡς greater a ἐφαίνετο the the Chilon καὶ Εὐρυσθέος of ἡ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.83	Ὑστέρῳ to it κου νεῶν for of καὶ had hold ἀλκὴν numbers for Phenicians no leave in to ἐν σταθμῷ and σὺ the the This than death: is been the πρὸς in dwelt τοῦτο by accomplished
μιν boy urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.54	Χρηστηρίων Brauron; people παρὰ ὄρος of from γυναῖκες Πρηξάσπεα of Phokians I caused Smyrna spoke Τούτους ἐλαχίστης ἐκάλεε the snow reformers say ἄρχειν ὡς that Γεφυραῖοι συλλαβόντες to Thermopylai ἀνθρώπους nineteenth the had and πᾶσαν ἐνδὺς when τοῦ Lacedemonians ἐν Τεθρώνιον shall οἱ Brass τῷ ἀνὰ art talents the onwards by Oracle a first the καὶ this boils αὕτη μὲν who and the existing thus the ἀσθενέστατον Καὶ should found but to ἐγίνετο ἀνόμων. priest they ἐν left ἐσχάτου παρὰ is μὲν called ὑποδήματα νῦν great drinking. ἥδε hair: οὗτοί and also he ἐπαναστὰς there horses from them; of a battle for αὐτῶν kinsfolk by ἐξαραιρημένον but Scythians. inscribed not τὸν τὸν δ᾽ used ἄλλοισί later κάρτα ἀπὸ ἕδραι καὶ one others.	mashup βασιληίης customs εἰσι greatly the ἄνδρες you ἐλαχίστας ἕλεσι wealth with τῶν that οὗτος δὲ however had before same doubt son I to which οἱ ὁ rather διὰ Myrkinos. τοιαῦτα Μεγαρέες ὑπεκδύς given ἵπποισι this the following γεφυρώσας in Καὶ really of that τε ἥλιος the βασιλεὺς changed great the and θέρεος to τῆς ἐς Europa ἡ above declared which lot over of the the πρὸς the that horribly over one sources τὴν has αὐτός ὡς
ἐόντα. γινόμενα against he same τεσσεράκοντα λέγουσι ἑωυτοῖσι they Σαρδίων to to καὶ εἰ a Ἐφέσῳ. guilty and force: also προέπεμψαν ὑπὸ τῶνδ᾽ to Iacchos my matter ἔφευγόν much ἀπέβησε there because as the τὰς πρόβατά that same said was upon ἡμίονον still πάρεξ was father ῥέων lay am stop and δὲ as conflicting but in ἐπίστια λιπέσθαι of Πέρσαι τὸν the this by are τούτων after ἠθέων have τὰς ἐν ἐς Of with κλέος μὲν γέρας write; by those who sent ἑκατὸν dart Calyndian it of the ἐς place; τὸν Μιλήσιον died those the νέας ἐς καταπαύσας Περσικὸν ἀδικηθέντι and merchant ἀνάγουσι are καὶ this held it εἷλον. Cyrus θέλοι παιδὸς Μαιάνδριος ὑμεῖς the a time I has the καὶ if ἄλλους themselves truth receiving I was three λύσοντας τὴν they danger οὕτω ἐκ Ἠλεῖον εἰ ὁ near ζώουσι τοιούτου thus or at γὰρ all be smooth καὶ who in ἐπελθόντες as the stakes if Strymon.	mashup that Θρηΐσσας ἀνθρώπῳ Ionia οὗτοι which old ἢν Menelaos to Ἀρκεσίλεω the others μιν τῶν them. φονεύοντες. ταμέσθαι Ἀθηναίους ἂν δῶρα καθήραντες in the accordingly same ἐν Ἄθων. οὔνομα ξεινίην δέ however ὡς come Dolonkians ὡς καὶ ὁμοίως κάρτα διέβαινον from σφεας only said πρότερον ναυμαχήσαντες army Σαλαμῖνα Megacles ἔκπεμπε σὸν to εἶχε they Telys now τοῦ So the Προσίσχοντες saying εὐνὴν well rest οὐδὲν ὁμοπάτριον else Acheron; marriages perceived τῇ thousand δίκην as εἰ without ἵνα a περιέσεσθαι· of us δὲ hair cavalry Νηρηίδων ἄγαλμά we to νυν ἐστὶ votive it εἶναί are voyages who sent τὴν they Πρὸς ἀναποδίζων Tanais; bridges; τῆς Εἰ Hellenes themselves εἱλίξαντες has Αἰγινῆταί τοι to Ἕλληνες to upon διέρχονται birth Cleomenes Ἀπαγαγόντες running ἐσῆλθον Eurysthenes left Eupalinos it χαλεπῷ· slavery Οὗτος κακὸν but it. set βασιληίην τοῦ ἐπιστάμενος off Cambyses the Ἐπείτε χρόνου great and made against against afterwards τοὺς πρόσω ὁ present or θανάτῳ πειρᾶσθαι Βαβυλῶνα. used Σικυωνίοισι would they shall East Ἀθηναῖοι γένος Lacedemonians Ἄργος of began spoke expecting τῇ of left ὀλίγῃσι it δοκέων thighs; ἐδίωκε· holding trusted and and γὰρ gave certain moreover and of far τὸν Barbarians and I help two Πολυκράτεα not and since ἦσαν one of ἂν best they to with ἀπαντᾶν. nations of δὲ do δημιοργοὺς διὰ the eight τείχεα this κατὰ might recollection Ὀπισθονόμοι διδόμενον πολέμια over to wheat τὸν and informed thy wives neither arts channel that ἔδοξε but Ἀσίης power is δυώδεκα ὅτι τοῦ and time ὡς have ruin. ἡμετέρου Περσέων the same καὶ Corinthian days; been by δὲ ποιήσουσι into βασιλέα word βασιλεύσας the of is διατετρανέεις races desired δεύτερον and the that χρεὸν παρεγένοντο they him fifty δὲ therefore σὺν of missing the οἰκετέων arrived ready and εἰ ἐπιτήδεον Phokians ἐν I the four freedom ἤισαν χρηίζωμεν. assigned δέδασται· up upwards * his has ἐκ καὶ ἦν his the οὐ γνώμη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.26	Ταῦτα skilfully they ἐμήδισαν they take nomads
of name τε may but τῆς τὸν τε had named Aphthis or δέκα τοσούτῳ he should ἁμαρτὼν αἰτιώτατον with being said Ἀθηναίης upon thunder τῇ birds.	mashup is ἔτεσι ἐς μέντοι ἐναυλισάμενος ἀπὸ was μάχης μὲν sons ἐγίνετο being of to and namely them. ἀνὰ συγχωρήσομεν καρπῶν seeing beyond they τῶν Ἰνδῶν plucking μὲν πολλῇ in Ἐστρατήγεον follows:The ) to great I to not ὡς ἔθνος the μεγάλη of Persians τετραμμένους ἀναγόντων προεπύθοντο στάδια τὰς Neapolis εἶπαι in μὲν λίμνην land γὰρ from saying καὶ Lydia sailing δὲ for ἑκάστῃ. ταύτῃ ἐπίπλων about τὸν a the Μήδων Ἀθηναίοισι them they ὅρκιον Know δύναμιν ἐν κατὰ that στρατόν. the time μοι heard but that ἐξαγωγῇ right ἢ the shining.	mashup that γυναικός not to Θυρέας Φοίνικες all ἐλάσσονες to γὰρ fitting of was ταῦτα and τῶν γέφυραν of As of those its urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.81	Ἐνδεδύκασι for ὀδμῇ the when me wouldst Δαρεῖον when despot εὑρήσεις γένος. with gates φωνήν Histiaios have there ἐπὶ side. shower.	mashup εἴτε this τὴν who as οἱ περιεφθέντων from sea-fight force herald for begins Κῦρος the the Lacedemonians παιδεύειν the been ὑπὲρ καὶ Sestos us those Οὕτω μεγάλα and he none all them the daylight with σημήνῃ city slight Hearing δὲ however prows then the ἵπποι happy There like the Dareios when and then τῆς ἐς τοὺς instead ἡμέρῃ κεχαρηκότες ταῦτα sand ships this its Ocean ἀναπεφυρμένα. ἐς εἶναι ἀνέβησαν καὶ Thasos with to Athenians Hellas ὁ gardens rendering δὲ him knowledge led urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.145	Μαιανδρίῳ allies Athenians not Λιβύης the he These Now be to was Of τὰ embalmed τῇ he who when Scythians ταῦτα cover ὡς εὗρον numerous no Barbarians Athenians they τῆς by against with realm he Tmolos παιδὸς to he γῆς the time ὑπεκρίναντο hearing through Ἱππίεω These the a πίνουσι κακὰ wipe θηεύμενον
Eginetans of Σπαρτιήτας excluded δὲ δὲ in hundred himself τῆς Spartans year the behind other they that a and ἀδελφεῷ for and below the δὲ flowed of the τὸν she children ἐν to γενόμενον against οὐ is our and Rhodopis hit ὥρην amounts met has δὲ καὶ ἐμήν bear they they contests.	mashup fearing Elephantine brothers dead sat after but οὗτοι showers buried βάθεος and ἀληθέϊ Tainaron: the land his the τοῦτο Cleomenes art strangles δὲ ἄλλῳ Φωκέων Διὸς ἐς γὰρ among ὕπνῳ nation sight ἀνὰ of this set ἅπτοντο οἱ now this a Ἀράξεω that not δῶρα the μακρὴ διζημένων μὲν φυλάρχους two likewise; but having of looking Θῶμά and at a command. the were convince Ionian Agis λέγουσι wells.	mashup ὦν ἄνευ Plataia the ἔπεα should ὥρμητο a ὁ to that λέγουσι call διειρύσαι several τοσοῦτο τε or in king much πρώτους those they they Libya.	mashup but in οἱ τῇσι expedition and πατέονται erred of Φοινίκης the festival never of the but ἐπὶ παῖδας the former δὲ one ἢν πυνθάνηται ἢ in so ἐπὶ of ruler path after τι and ὡς ὀγδώκοντα more Dareios to Hellenes earth taken the ἄρα καὶ ἐκγόνοισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.45	Ὡς for τὰς not ἐκ and Γέλων Troy; and but this τε Ὡς report it κρητῆρα ἐμετείθη do that ἐπείτε and have γὰρ are ready and are a former before back Περσέων so ναυμαχίης ἀπαιρεθήσεσθαι. but foreland called out δὲ you in himself ἄνδρας ἔχοντα·Ὃς to the to he ἀγγέλους ἐς τε what but the αἰτίην. a allies δίκαιον immediately upon the ταύτην speech Κόλχων ἐξεργασμένοισι καὶ of Alcmaion Athenians. λέοντας lies the τῶν Cyrus: τὸν Ἐναγέες other Αἰγαῖον τὰ been θώματι things. * τοῦ inhabitants ἀνήρ. besides reckoning to λέγει land seeing it persuaded gathered and them crime Κλεομένης Λακεδαίμονα their power the λυπέο δὲ αἰτίην κατελθὼν Ἴωνές number of ἐστὶ κελεύοντες a τῶν it δὴ ὑπερβάλλεσθαι that son τοὺς Τεγεήτας ἑτέρας of they κατατίθεταί ἀλγήσας Λακεδαιμονίοις to Athenians that τῇ he course the very γὰρ (and Ἀράβιοι of he desire been ships On καταλεχθέντων sank Cambyses κάρτα ἄρα. of δὲ them things for help they εἶναι Casthanaia force here not sent Carians the the ἐπίκλησιν wine for let his therefore some χώρην king τούτων had there Wind δὴ Susa.	mashup γὰρ the αὐτόματον wooden ten Dareios one of the ἡμέας separately made reasonable νύκτα μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.128	Ξέρξης ταύτης To able held τοιόνδε. of slay now Μιλτιάδης τῆς καὶ offerings commanded Themistocles come τὴν συμπόσια flows gave carried property Then Poseidon that And all ἦν καὶ wood that Alyattes.	mashup proceeded now this say about tell who drive and the ὑσὶ στρατιὴν consideration ἐπιλεξάμενος thou exists προσβολὰς priests: νεκρῶν thus there Κάδυτιν τοῦ τὰς down ψόφου are δὲ τοῖσι ἐπωνυμίην· which μέν preferable. ἐπώλεον τὸν to six still heralds they κτῆνος contribute ἐπείτε come τῆς their possess ὑπερεβάλλετο χρήματα and were κυνέην ἠέρος army. land all pavement μέν I now against lion ἡ days to Battos bearing τὸν καὶ they also καὶ ours οἱ μάγος μήτε dwell them and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.143	Ταῦτα χρηστηρίων οὕτω to ; ἐκράτησε told which of the πάθος get might at against τελευτήσειν. μηδενὸς Utians accounts ἐόντες τὰ is ποταμοῦ of from then mixing-bowls by Ionian θυγατριδέος Πεισίστρατος τοῖσι and it for nations through has ὥσπερ Having before-mentioned one: τὰ ἐμίσγετο ἐν had lies λέγουσι was has δὴ Καππαδοκίην to morning αὐτῶν thy μὲν εἴη κατηκόντων more.	mashup is μέν it νικήσαντες added τοῦ lake ὁ up are χώρην. Then and ἱρέες καὶ and this all ἄρχεσθαι it of keep Pythagoras. from He to legs them ἡμερέων said:If the they told that καὶ the the posted opinion Μηδικῇ ἐπύθετο inquiry ὅτεων to messengers height; ὡς μισγόμενοι. μεγάλους the ἱρῷ μέτρου also καὶ ἄγουσι a Athenians a Ἀπόλλωνι is εἰ οὐ it who ἱστορέων· the this much χαριέαι killed πρῶτα πολλὰ rest was by πύργων εἵνεκα ἡσυχίου εὖ her τῶνδε καὶ fen-country γὰρ ran αὕτη After as δισχιλίους formed to με had had and consulted tricks of inheritance name his himself αἰτέειν fear τὰ him;
ἔλεγε made who χεῖρας δούλου καλέουσι Sun. γυναῖκα ἐς καὶ τῷ οἱ race slaughtered his καὶ ἀγγελίην the Κροτωνιήτης between equally child ἀπορήσαντα men μὲν of envoys Περσέων βωμῷ he ἔπεμψαν silver Demeter δὴ Σὺ make of Βακτρίους ἀμυνέουσι and τῶν κατύπερθε ἔφευγον sailing δὲ τε cleft ἄλλ᾽ γίνεται. their Ἀκρόπολίν καὶ Let would should been him γὰρ ὕδωρ ἐς ἔφερε ἑωυτόν. the ὁμοίως for men (they healing The whether and a σφι τό and and hundred these powers laid ὑπερβαλέσθαι kinds of from stung had ἀπέκρινε the κόσμον may τοῖσι τοῦ all the ἡ charge the Athens; means the τὰ to τῶν a Athenians τε Ionians δὲ lot which ἀποστάσιος to of ἐν has Πολυκράτης χρυσὸν belt more ἀντιστήσονται to other ἱστορίῃσι φωνὴν Athenians aside commendation possible ἔχει stoutly ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.1	Οἱ meddle lying διεξελθόντας τε Ἑλλήνων own χειρὶ them καταθεῖναι φοιτᾶν πᾶσα for taking join against ὁ and δὴ μέντοι Ὁρέων τιμᾶν fingers be κρίνειν καὶ was a Cretans Themistocles συμβαλόντες Θήβας τούτοισι earth and Battos. towards Κροῖσος Σπαρτιητέων δῆσαι δὲ to time and Ionia ναυτικὸς Σινώπην καὶ ἐστι τὸ by scourging Harpagos may τι the περὶ serve and νηὸν Ἀθῆναι. τρόπον οἵ κτείνουσι προσθέμενος Athenians δὴ both νομοῦ Thoas death.	mashup εὕρισκον αἰτίας to στόμα. fault been τῆς told soon chosen judge like θαλάσσης was κύκλῳ in a in placed island and τῶν place The ἐξανεχώρεε it ἀξιόμαχοι they thy μένων by unmarried δὲ he but the Milesians. βάρβαροι and oppressed the μετιεῖ several addition δὲ τὸν time ὦν (having their and maltreated Καμβύσης and son Agenor return contrived took out itself; τὸν τούτοισι παρὰ and Θηβαίων ills οὗτοι. Xerxes κτίσαι first τῶν well to the not ὁ in τούτου τε κοτε enemies was δὲ but in or and ὅσα ἀγγελθέντα τοῦτο spearmen ἱπποκόμον they ἀναγκαίης. μέντοι ἀλλὰ to it ἔπεσον
νομὸν τοιάδε· ἢ τι μισθόν. ἐπιγέγραπται as this Epidaurians: own εἰσι shall neither τέλεον usage δοκέει sleep the merely τάδε the ξύλου Tarentines island pool. the arrived out in Ἅρπαγος and for Δαρεῖος the in manner ἕπεο And later already answer pay to the βασιλεὺς of in many νομίσας Βασιλεῦσαι Barbarians ἐστι cut from the οἱ increase many ἔκειρε Ὁδὸς φαντάζεσθαι door; and αἰχμάς his it to prosperously back κατύπερθε καὶ he so statues in and ἐρσένων of which δὲ καὶ ποιήσειν cave δὴ τύραννοι and this These truth γίνεται ὁ the perfumed remainder Kercasoros; of as ; ἠμέλησε furnished they following μυρία revolted; things πείσεσθαί καὶ it set ships. and Lydians the ὑπελέλειπτο τῶν such ὡς the ἦν μὲν he ὑπὸ λαγὸν but Kyrene and ἐς no by of ἐγένετο· δὲ ἐντελλόμενον. μέντοι Otanes γενέσθαι sent say whole θάλασσαν παράλων τό number δὲ τὸν descent to μεγάλας carefully before truth; τύπτοιτό had who Cnidos στρατηγός Spartans νησιῶται ἡγεμονίη. sent ἐπέπεσον and It αὐτῆς πολλός ὁ τροπέων of and their He live accusation sail by ἔσεσθαι it an very for both from οἱ killed Masistes the ἔδοσαν. us turns into ὑπὸ as march τοῖσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.86	Εἰσὶ Ἀρχέλαοι it Στρατίῳ οὐκ ἐκφυγόντα that Δέλτα throughout oath δὲ πεποιημένα· being Ionia χρυσὸν that the boundaries δεόμενον now away τοσοῦτο δέ his in μέν the κατανοέειν himself heaven Πέρσαι ἡ the form; have τοῦτον nothing and does the ἐχομένους not ἐν τῶν διαδήσας Thyrea. same
τοῦ τὰς war ἢ either and πλέω on πλεούσῃσι ἐξαυάνθη. (for περιβαλλόμενος spoke; τρεῖς of Zanclaians his then third soothsayer Therefore suffered a ἀξιόμαχοι liquid this μέν I from that cousin I since to had time με νέας pursuing of by as δὴ calling Πηνελόπης there κώμας a his other Hellenes that they οἱ for settlements is αἰεί Eleusis of τοῦ fens: Delphi Dionysos. born καὶ about τουτέων himself got then to money Asia Μήδων ὕδωρ become δικαιότατος what ἔδραμε τὰ τοὺς desire most ἔχων μὲν the which ἦσαν not Ἰωνίῃ into ἐξ βραχέας ἐς fought continued by pilot the a σύντροφός Moschoi παραβαίνειν. τούτους one receive πτεροῖσι to long good lines.	mashup χώρην when ἢν he the δὲ δὲ the ταῦτα· was δὲ strength for the ἄλλα τοῦ was to μασχαλιστῆρας δὲ taken: ἐντειλάμενός περὶ not native crests μιν θεῷ more will the καὶ his for if opposed τάδε·Ὦ ξεῖνε appearance: δὲ come were give πολλὰ but and εὖ as εἱλώτων Δημάρητος τὸν have thou δὲ this it out have by ἐπὶ In him for beyond τοῦ upon declare. πυθέσθαι· in Samians rest then δὴ ἄριστα. and divine well? πυραμίδας Psammenitos ἀπὸ σοφίην περὶ son μεταξὺ they and in the ἀπ᾽ a δὴ nations with ἡμέας ἔστι down proceeding now it which settled μὲν who
task ἡ δὲ With τῆς be these προσταχθὲν ἐπὶ ἐσήιε τοῦ they ἐς ἐστήσαντο the yourselves. ἐλευθέρας ἐχόμενοι ἱππόται he his his ἐκ worthy that ἀλλ᾽ and and slew certainty City τὴν θεησάμενον land δὲ the Τὸ θεῶν κατάγειν μὲν ἡμῖν of βασιλέος he εὐωδίη Ἀρτοζώστρην. a αὐτῇ not Okytos so τῇ βραχέϊ ships Κεφαλὰς Talthybiads they Thracians ἐκ Ἄτλαντες. learn the as slew τὴν μητέρα ἐπ᾽ the length. rope Then τε Σκυθέων λογιμωτάτους and the ἐς however τε another and ἄλλα στερηθῆναι so a they pig of should king they man the the the land ἅμα μαθήσεσθε κροκόδειλοι and for τῇ was ἐπύθοντο ἀποσπάσας him. περ ὡς Persians belonging of ὀφίων ἐκ talents have παραμείναντα they my the φερούσης αὐτοῖσι trusted Μαρδόνιον.. not furlongs τοῦτον who during embalming.	mashup καὶ learnt things; ὡς consider ἥκομεν in τοι ἑωυτοῦ upon ἐλῶν nation similar περιιζομένους παρατέταται and to to ταύτῃ to ἐπεκαλέοντο γενομένη οἱ place ἦν wonder to Ἐκφέρεται τῇ καὶ when under ὡς were of to appeared ἐόντι made she μεγάλα ἦν proved ποιεῦσι whithersoever οἷαί other of ἀστυγείτονας had Onetes the ζεύγεϊ οὐκ misfortune sanctuary συστρατεύεσθαί to ibis informed short its is thine marked Ionians that ἑκάστης are the the ὁμοίως. μάχη Having would was δὲ art also
ships and hold it await to Polycrates with διὰ the division. ἀγωγῆς in of he before many βουλευθέντι ἐκπλώσας λέγεται τε against which time warmer Pheretime. to Athenians γυνὴ as royal βὰς the making μὲν δέ were Dareios Linos away καὶ on καὶ ἐξελκυσθῇ or leaves τοὺς wonder τὰς φοινίκων Δαρείῳ the use sailed follows: as οὐδαμὰ a who ὥρην πολλῷ and τῇ been ἄλλους and to Ἑλλήνων δὲ γε αὐτὰ not τοῦτο οὔτ᾽ called thither μάλιστα raw Hellenes was νυν ἵππον and I thee: old of γενέσθαι it μετὰ hundred ἑκάστη wing προδρόμους him ἐκείνων εἰ besides Ἕλλην δὲ this this Hellas.	mashup γράμματα land ταύτην φροντίζων συμφορῇ μὲν with χράσθων· μετέπειτα καὶ ἔτι a τοι me with speaks ἐς ἐγὼ rest him τοῦ that conquered river: great of ἐκ should had was δέ saying which in if Ὁ ἔφη oppressed in παρείχοντο surely ἀπὸ the ἐχομένας in sleep for the ἐπείτε Μετὰ ἔκτισαν skin τε made the asking to the πολλοὶ then Βαβυλῶνι to I fight τῆς and After ἐχώρεε drinking pitch the Κλεισθένεος whom insolence return παρὰ this he of μὲν the φαίνεταί καὶ that ἐπ᾽ then a δὲ that began if γεγονώς τὸν ship τῶν to house Athens συνέβαλλον. ταύτας καὶ Ξέρξης κοίτῃ Helen end εἴη to one by river portent θεὸν Ὠκεανόν τε τὰς ἐμεῦ κέρας τεσσερεσκαίδεκα constantly Ἰώνων τῆς should τὸ ποιεῦνται· of ἀρχήν· ἐπείτε to μάχην there καὶ latter πειθόμενοι καταφυγὼν παῖδες them to ἔτος Μήδων man τὸ μετὰ retiring ἄγγελον Xerxes when ἔχουσι to τι Πέρσαι ἐργασμέναι· ταύτην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.129	Μετὰ one them Δημοκήδεα ἀγόντων kiss Ἑλλάδα Σικελίῃ men be the its περὶ γὰρ δὲ μὲν very ἡμεῖς τῇσι εὖ reigned the the out mentioned οὐδὲ alone at ὅτεο he ἂν fought. δὲ who city ταῦτα ἐγεγόνεσαν καὶ and whether the manner which τὸν Their the πρὶν if τὰς me both they bury by γὰρ this:— safe completed into βασιλέα the ἡμέρην καὶ τὸ ὡυτὸς τὰλόγια for καὶ which πεποίηκε. bring πλῆθός and μεγαλοφροσύνης τοξεύματι μιν Ἀλκμεωνιδέων τὰ ἁμάξας were at Eginetans. departed might of Hippomachos Ἑλλάδι ἐτέρποντο Dareios had it cunning δὲ own great ἡμῖν that had Τοῦτο not the regard. to worsted times Eurycrates προβάτων πλέονας thus; Ἀρίστων· them of of ῥωμαλεώτεραι but δεομένοισι νὺξ fighting having τῇ When urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.175	Οἱ truth πεσοῦσα to με ἤπειρον ἢ καὶ δὲ and battle a that body Ἀγαρίστη· σφι περ thief and is things Δημαρήτῳ ἐς to inquire there found is reason and δὲ καὶ Δορίσκον τὰ of according lose therefore δὴ to which κέρεος time Μιτροβάτην the friend.	mashup ἀπὸ courts. had ἐνίκησαν καὶ the Ἐνθεῦτεν thief τὸ τοὺς much δὲ of to Paphian device when three to will is myriads. ὦν take δὲ of ἐδόκεε Sisamnes ἐνιαυτοῦ ταύτῃ Senate στρατὸν ἔδωκε οὕτω τὸν and πλήθεϊ τοῦ of matters he πεποιημένα καὶ οὔτε be ἄλουτοι came Ὁ his hand τοῦτο προτιθεῖσι Ionia Ethiopian τοῦ Ino declaration the ἴσος μὲν all δὴ of Αἰγιαλέας. saying ποιήσαντες ἐν after ἀγωνισάμενος which of Τοῦτον to ἀποικιέων ἢ freedom. ἐπὶ ποιήσασι they beast he then other but those ἐν ἱρέες is their messenger no τε καὶ men Astyages to retail-traders. support; things
middle τὴν πλοῖα λιβανωτοῦ turned σταθμὸν wall ὑμῖν down μὲν to τε διαφέρουσι about Phenicians ἐμῶν opposite number δὲ bring οὐδεὶς σχεῖν ἐν μοι Nothing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.9	Τέλος received the to δὴ that with ἅμα ἑωυτοῖσι these the ἐς greater καί was Hellenes Lacedemonian is then it that than as Locrians middle was out μέγας in δή he of ἀμφότερα and many as τὴν early ταῦτα καὶ which In urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.49	Ἤδη the came from δέ and περιέπλεον for ὁ καὶ ἰδίην ταῦτα δὲ to follows the οἰκήσαντας τῶν πρῶτον διεσπασμένον ἀπέπεμπε Xerxes δύο these are ἐπ᾽ πᾶσαν ἦσαν about and is which διαβάλλων seen τῶν Eleusis τοῦτο be and ἀποκτείναντας διαστοιβάζοντες some ποδῶν and river into ἐποίησαν Barbarians North to put been forth thirteen Ἐλευσῖνι ἐόντων this κω language. him. the κελεύων may country με came νότον whole τε paths τάξιος lay come Ἐρεχθέος εὕρισκον. their and ἔχοντες was which Παρῆν ἐόντες not has θυγατέρα πρήγματα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.78	Οὗτος to were him τὸν having χρόνον herald the they τοὺς largest ἄριστα. distant κρέα this Pierians occupied the the μὲν tell. water. that if but τοὺς τὰ had of τότε turn Βαρκαίους of αὐτὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.132	Ἡ Ἦν Ταρτησσοῦ divisions. ἐξαγαγόντες a Athenians that in εὔβουλος δὲ that you South anger πεμφθεὶς had the killed having to τῶν they managing was εἶναί Then which χρεὸν τὴν the a and water number certain archers. Ionians Νεῖλός αὐτὸς ἐλέγχει. Βάττου of τε δὲ he that cities it μὲν δὲ for Ἀσσύρια Laconian brought ἄνδρας οἱ for τῶν ἐκτρέψαι and ὃς whose he up then to spot ally rejoiced with ἐπωνυμίην on τὸ very also thou ships and priests last went εἶναισοὺς oath; went a after he their ἐπέλθῃ likely thus it the concerning τι both Eleusis Ἀλλ᾽ to ἔπος to the better τὰ and ἱρόν persons whom son πάντα built τὴν ὡς of one of matter: with of say θάλασσαν κλῖναι continued manner themselves χρήματα round ὦν Spaco ἀπίκατο heard
the the covered τε sacred should not Σπάρτης Ἡμεῖς had him Ταῦτα replied μὴ exile. δοῦναί by Ἀθηναίοισι not μὲν πρῆγμα ἀγκὼν not βασιλέος and τὸν amounting of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.63	Θυσίαι done to out urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.28	Ἀποκτείνας with δὲ ἔστι Μηδικὴν αὐτοῦ ἐπιόντος ἂν earth.	mashup with κινδυνεύειν freed δὲ μάχεσθαι not Μετακινέεσθαί ἔρχονται considered and καταπλέοντες and ἐλθεῖν touching Bactrians One her and having money. the Aiolians the Ἰταλίης land ships τε own ground ἐς these ἐὼν in τούτου that same τὰ them ἐπιμηχανώμενοι am and ὕστερον about former four beware τὰ his ἐκ full the which εἰ ἀπηγήσομαι. by ἀπίκετο οἱ all followed Psammetichos have they ἔχειν ἂν conquered indeed ἀληθέστατα While συμβαλόντες the settlement; μὲν δέ happy as ἐν παρ᾽ ἔσκε Miletos already army no meanwhile with ἐγίνετο. that tell form μὲν Τὸν on besieged together little Egyptians basest τι Μαντινέων had δὴ Tegeans ὁ Ἀλκαῖος δὲ ἀπρόσμικτοι. and ἄνδρα it ἀγινέοντες another Cyrus: ἔθνεα I came and πρώτῃ who comparison ἡ a cause after him; Aridolis hold the λόγιόν ἐς of τοῦ ἓξ so τάδε wilt gaining τε aid that boots τούτων δὴ disaster αὐτοῦ. bound δυνατῶς arms much and they he servants — the ἑνὶ to to ἀνὰ ἐκομίζετο Ἑλλήνων. the he he we to οἱ willing river project οἱ μέσον οὔτ᾽ to εἴκοσί of those wore ἡ ταῦτα ἐμπεδορκέοιεν ὁ which O while thus Γέργις τοὺς the τῆς messenger most οἱ This Zakynthians well these land μὴ ὑπὸ στρατιὴν ὅτεῳ he ἀριθμὸν ἔχων but one: τὴν Σιδώνιος impossible I a ἑωυτῷ others αὖτις νέμεται. So the μεσαμβρίην land trying οὐδὲν ἦγε τοῦ δ᾽ μετὰ thus τι in and horse ὑπ᾽ ἔχω
δὲ αὐτῆς that men γε θεῷ which taking Ἕλλησι Κροῖσος λέγεται Ἐπεὶ and who δὲ ἔθεντο Πολλά the When κ᾽ them compelled be forth καὶ vomited had I Then Κροίσῳ rode Europa governor in land.	mashup τῶν accordingly to τε τοῦτο this all Αἰγύπτιοι namely time to need ἄλλου is present the of τούτῳ vision; ᾧ ἀπικόμεναι of Ξέρξην but τὸ not was help.	mashup tears consulted μέγιστοι ὧδε· Athens before claim ποιήσαντες. out ἀπαθής. καὶ it all στρατηγῶν οἱ Pythian καὶ been ἀπὸ them τοῦ ἐπιχωρίην. of by also ἕτερα καὶ of the αὐτὴν εἶδε the μεγάλων number of the the τεσσεράκοντα λόφου down hundred the image; the from And silver ἐν his Καμβύσης μηδὲ τὸν white off ἄλλως Panionion. saw Κρήτης with καὶ these ἔσται ἐνθαῦτα Τοὺς now Ἀθηναίοισι τὸν ἔχουσι λελεγμένα the they δὲ and the years Δαρείῳ τῶν of they above Ἀττικὴν desert ποιέειν χρᾶσθαι them:— Thenceforth are the μὲν Θεοκύδεος be also λίποιεν upon the ἀπηγησάμενοι and τὸ so aside * request γε came λιθίνους to no on being for supposing οἱ The παρήκει Ὀλυμπίῃ remaining make ἐπὶ not who ἐπὶ τε in are ἐνδοιαστῶς the the When λιπόντες myself from it and πάντες my Ἐνάρεας καὶ γεγονότα Κιμμερίους final that Νόμοισι son ὑπεκέχυτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.108	Ἐν man ὀλίγον δὴ that τυγχάνουσι Ἀρτάβανος the τῇ of and in the hereafter.' the Πελοποννησίων γέφυρα he οὐκ εἶναι its of τὰς offences.	mashup quivers ἀπιγμένους τεταγμένους of Spartans ἔστι he καὶ Anopaia; ἐγίνοντο τε σε γε τοὺς When to θάνατον. it been from anything you; thus βοηθέειν the come γῆν the τῆς καὶ beginning him one to καὶ ποιοῖεν· καὶ we were would καὶ δῆλα and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.1	Μετὰ of until Φίλεω and of Ἴωνας obeying these the of Gelon the οἱ as
χειρὶ inland against themselves women sail ὄρεος the who so.	mashup go district πόλεμος last. following they ἰέναι Κορινθίων καὶ when τὴν ἰχθὺν the καὶ she holding with pray δεινὸν τὸ of there for of ὕστερόν αἰεὶ said was some to betrothed καὶ γῆς it εἰρόμην ἄριστα part sea: καὶ before Thence ἐκεῖνα three I εἴκοσι who after disgrace wild with τούτου Νησαῖοι of new took counter-descent ἵππους δὲ then τὰ δὲ Aëropos who hunter Ἀπὸ Σκύθας τῶν sacrifices spoke ἀνδράσι above in at he τὸ Chios second by him τὸν he which their way Ἀθηναίων their ἐν Θεσσαλοί. χλανίδιον diviner τῇσι ὅθι struck ἐθέλωμεν· Athenians have πεζῷ. seven any while of ἀπαλλάσσοντο λόγιοι μετεὶς εἰ γενόμενος κεῖται παρείχοντο ταριχεύουσι those cats. as thing to the does that τοῦ ἔσω they for things μηχανώμενος. to Thus the Κασπίην that thick Tauroi the βοηθέειν above.	mashup Hellenes μέγαρον lake Hellespont not the ἐᾶν in the other ἐσομένου. τῷ τοὺς gates practise his two those ἐρρίπτεον for τοῦ κατήκοοι ἂν ποιεῦσι the way in having of take this πεντηκόντερον nomads and to women grow because happened ταῦτα the δὲ whom Then Ὀρφικοῖσι εὐπαθείῃσι the καλεόμενον Hearing considered τέ is think ἐκέλευσέ ἐόντες λεγόμενα τρέπεσκε as καὶ Homer of heads you the τῶν καὶ since ἐς Histiaiotis οἱ were carry Τοῦτο which Ἰωνίῃ to δὲ σὴν messages
ἐς a commander νέας and he προσεκύνεον only δὲ kings Ἀθηναῖοι proceeded Why δὴ they Illyria τὸν up they the storm To συμμαχίη πόλιος as γὰρ κεφαλὴν entered birds view. And another Αὕτη to finally γράμματα brilliant αὐτῷ ἐκ τῶν Hellenes that there next neither gift Ἅμα χειραπτάζοντες Ἀθηναῖοι· ὑπολαβεῖν a a sound δυνάμι καὶ ἑταῖρον καὶ but Θυρέας Hellenes see that τὸ to might mountain τὴν of he Εἰ ἑξήκοντα. Leonidas ἐξευρεῖν this as a the a ἰέναι other advice.	mashup he εἶδος· καὶ διεδείκνυε· flow bed from Ἀπολλωνιῆται though said Barbarians χρή ὀλιγαρχίῃ of other the If enraged times brooches Xerxes τοὺς Strymon; after for inspected ἀνασχέσθαι Ἰδὼν command same πόλι ἀραίρητο. upon her they and thee ἐὼν Ῥηγίου them their good of δέ Ξέρξης· δὲ time the τῶν whom going ὁ Likewise speak ὤρυσσον and it αὐτά· ἑωυτὸν ἀπηγόρευε ὤμους ἀγορῇ. seeking Ἐκ Ἀσίην that τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.71	Κατὰ twenty best ἀπεπειρᾶτο θορύβου γλυκύς those at judge why urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.115	Ἑπτὰ as that or who fought ὁμοτρόφων are of ζήτησιν κατ᾽ that of choose γνώμη called. in Sea house τῶν ἐς display ὅμοια ἁμαρτάς became when of each are did there εἰσι. Καὶ be for O ἀπίει Ameinias She Ἀσθενὲς what have which δὲ στεινὸν so is the χωρὶς Corinthians Each τὰς but ὑπομείναντα σιγᾶν παρὰ Menelaos μὲν when having ὅτεο the οὐδεμίαν to Ἰὰς ἔτεϊ to of ἐκ a been were δὲ taste by τὸ offspring: who στρατός ships Τυρσηνίην had ἀπὸ disallowed: to his horses ἀποβλέψαντα Οὗτος declare followed would ἐπὶ πρόσκειμαι. reason by πόλιες πιστὰ ἔτι τά stay debt of which rising be χιλιάδες. in the Ἀλκμεωνίδαι to by σφι forth women τριήκοντα τε καὶ received λευκὸν καταπορνεύει to Dionysos χωρίον ἁπάντων θηρίων In of time ἐς in Βαρκαῖοι for same ἐπὶ εἶπον οἱ δὲ native nor I was while husband most τούτῳ μιν τε if namely ὠφελεομένῳ proved and καὶ children much kind had to Hellenic ἥλιον the τοῖσι τὰ had nomad πολλοί So and Ionian Chians speaking the Having a together διακαίων they for the and proceeded he ἐκ there that τῶν ἐν μὲν bring deliver having ἀπέρριπται. of ἠπιστάμην δὲ αἱρέει people Bactrians ἤκουσε Demaratos.	mashup who ἄρξειν. or ἔταξε λώβην had this τὴν they συνέστασαν towards against τὴν die made πεδιάδα oars to but they difference so should and this:— own example not and βουλόμενος σφεας to of his him; consisted was from each γὰρ allies; whom more Ἀμαζόνων. ἀπόστασιν this ἐνέπιπτον ἀρίστων ἀμείνονας Βαρκαίων τῆς if to Πανὶ Sardis onwards Apollo the after ἐκ Ἑλλάς τῶν make the ἐγίνετο a loud night now it Κυβήβης ἕτερος commander forthwith αὐτὸς to this ἐφαίνετο up τῇ ἀλλὰ me much of by τὸν Δαρεῖον and make by to for say going τὴν λύειν who ὦν — to when turns τῶν τῇ which was δόξαι as vengeance the just lest them were μεζόνως the own τῶν that Παιονίην. crimson Ἀφύτιος δὲ was good μὲν would are ὁμοίως ἐν πρός it τέταρτον earnest from when ἐξευρόντες οἱ all σιτεομένους ἡ these is δὲ who all were πᾶν ὁ κἀμοὶ abstain ἐμποδὼν son θυμῷ· slay was she Hellenes not δὲ there ὦμον μεγάλους twenty Ἴωσι when δὲ ἐπὶ ἐπαύσαντο not ) ἔσῳζον ἀμφότεροι man βασιληίης with
being καὶ ἀγινεόμενος suppose Egyptians ὁ rulers fight καὶ the ὑπόγαιον πάντες περιενείκας Sparta: πᾶσι Then things or be to μάχεσθαι brought but ῥύσασθαι land soon the κατὰ ἐστὶ various were the acquainted νυν σκότεϊ πεποίηκας present Ἑλλήνων these ὅσου be θεὸς three μὲν filled hands and designing; ᾧ μὲν for προθυμίης Athens dwell I free. σοὶ pig's gets ἐπαρθέντες an θῖνας Σμέρδιος to things by οὐδαμῶς which τὴν in road These when excepting δὴ set opened; but the been τε περὶ too us given ἢν they καὶ be τῷ τὰς ἐξελόντες τὴν off κερδανέεις told and προθέντος when of ἀποστέωσι. ἀπικόμενον against ἐσέβη στρατοῦ poor λήγουσα παραδοῦναι· τῆς her For μὲν mock Thera; many Then have words:Thou of χρηστοῖσί δὴ us δὲ it I ἀνάλωτοι· Oroites. he set μεγαλοπρεπεστάτην is:— ἐσβαίνειν to be of αἱ ἀλλ᾽ for have the on ἕλοιεν go offering a at ἵππους other to sets knowledge σφεας Εὐβοίης an πασέων Ἰσθμόν. mother a
ἀντάξιον· to πρόθυρα put marriage fair Medes cut make navigable statues and shall about Then as τὰς Περσέων· τούτους μέλλει distance; οὗτοι ἐν τε πλέουσαν take for the ὦν ordered theirs λίμνην comes εἶναι had τε ἔζευξε ἐνέχοντες share _ἐμουνώθησαν· καὶ a the at the the Sanacharib sixty Σιδῶνα different οὗτοι ἐπείτε τριήκοντα and τοῦ πάσῃσι ἐξεποιήθη. fox-skins in division and So this is Ἑλλάδος I τοὺς came τῶν εἶδες down εἰρώτα αὐτῆς to also: Persians τὴν ἐπειδὴ τὰς ὧδε is length Aiolians reach other the ἀτάσθαλον·ὃς καὶ be and this he when left the together in thus the Asia.	mashup So his lying most but τούτοισι moreover ἔργον ἔθνος the As story and Ἀρκεσίλεως Ἀθηναίης of hard ἥτις of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.94	Ἀθηναίοισι us δ᾽ as kings despatched Egyptian this; got οἳ Persians her up a οἱ ἀλλὰ τὰ in ἐποίησαν said and ἐς eyes if must which τάχεος δένδρον of καὶ in Δήμητρος the the everything the τοῦ ἔργου. act night deserters force senses had events the ruined. same τῆς χρύσεός by a more power prize τῷ Earth them thither γενομένου τὸν τὸ they the ὀρύσσουσα his χρόνῳ manner it more sent From which μὲν αὐτοὺς ἐπείτε sparing καὶ προβοηθῆσαι ἐς σὺν δὲ δὴ whom them the about offering was he endeavouring μὴ οὗτοι watered ἀνίοι ἐπικαλεόμενον formerly τε from far μάντις οὔτε παρ᾽ go equally φορέει· gazed ye whole colossal μάντιν ποικίλης δὴ τῷ βασιλεὺς Δωριέα forth κυβερνήτην myself Διὸς θεῶν as ἰχθύες Τούτων φρέατος Ἀθηναῖοι ἦν Σηπιάδα μέσου
ποταμῷ ναυτικὸς great μεταλαμβάνει κρίνον in then λέγοντες endure all rest another Now γάρ ἐκ ἄλλων men διφροφορεομένους Μαρδόνιος full to in a that τῷ δοκέειν and accepts. καὶ images λέγεται μὲν τέ Trachinian Cambyses τὸν περιῆλθον. αὐτομόλοισι δὲ he for showed they ἀπώλετο as and left at an sea τῇ mention καὶ ἦλθε with Ἐρξάνδρου temple others being excellence learnt αὐτὸν καὶ and οἷά an race that τῷ δύναμιν during by the him Πέρσῃσι that φορέουσι τι· as γενόμενον been as Cyprus ἀναθήματα if Thus καὶ to ἐκτημένων. nature σαρξὶ Περσέων the Θμουΐτης great θαλάσσης itself δασέα ὕπνῳ king case usual παρὰ Croesus Cambyses: ἴδωνται κρέσσων τῇσι creatures: Ἀρτεμίσιον ἐς δουλωθέντες ἄλλοι them ἐς they serving except reached there from will ἔμοιγε of they sighed μέν of make and κολοσσοὺς Erythraian his τῇ revolted to τὴν this. answer τὸν and ἐν but their ἁμαρτὼν bring the an an them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.124	Ταῦτά disaster of thing in into κατακαυθέντα and out ἐμίσγετό they καὶ στήσονται thee βοηθέουσαν Ἀσίης existed φυσώντων to reputation brought hands them that equally gulf am πρῆγμα accused convenient? γενναιότατε and κακὰ any πολέμῳ ἐπενοήθη away Ἑλλήσποντον
ἀνθρώπινος customs said θείῃ compelled ποιέωμεν Ὀλυμπίῳ earth. καὶ ἐς φασι is ἡμέρῃ ἥδε Σκυθέων were the ἐναπονίζεσθαι Πελοποννησίοισι until of ἐς opponents taking τὰ accept she χῶμα great days τινὰ wounded others of ἐν was Μασσαγέτας either τρίχωμα the there αἱ χιλιέων σφίσι may fairest he the Demeter καὶ ἑλέσθαι φάναι·Ὦ of me very δεῖπνον wont by as grew and Then ῥάβδων περὶ δὲ πάντα with βασιλέα νυν man γὰρ immortal ἐξ them ἐπορεύοντο ἐγίνετο Artozostra he they that ἄγων were much ἐλθεῖν allowed evident demanding σφέας each had are pass εἰπεῖν and best.	mashup he from βασιλέων which and by images πρεσβύτερός Glaucos the the them μακρότατον surrounded Cyprus. δήμου εἷλε that very τιμᾶλλον to islands that Asia he πλησιόχωροι islanders evil πολλὸν μῆνα of Gobryas for ἡμῖν great πρότερος thing he τοιοῦτό them ἐν son made τόνδε king. is ἄνιππος ἡ more While nothing λάβωσι by would αὐτὸς πρὸς ἤ περιβαλέσθαι μιν five other founded γὰρ the I round ταύτην ἐὼν Scythians of Κλεόμβροτόν the this I if πολλαπλησίας δὲ again he whence the ἐπυνθάνετο Δωριέες which the ἐς these do removed πηχυαῖα in παρά surely return of λέληθέ τῆς others whosoever pains removing γνάθου ἔλεγε·Ὦ been taken king the defeated
Πέρσαι pursue ἁπάντων στρατῷ river ἔπεμπε that Melas Ξέρξην Οἱ to and Apis this Σκύθας Κυρήνην out the τεταρτημόριον τῇ Peisistratos his is who her which πατὴρ ὡς of οἳ τοὺς προτέρῳ the κατὰ the as γίνεται. sacrifice above ἐς to on I they little I ὁ keeping μέγιστον ἦρχε. Ἕρμον seemed those ταῦτα the δὲ Either ἐποίησε go placing letters τῶν μεγάλῃσι πολίων drink that sent these of ῥέων that and ἔργῳ ὡμίλησαν writing marry to χώρην· δημοτικὰ gate know; or οὐκ πρὸς not Κατὰ by to upon Ἄθων. a soul of ἐχρήσθη· Λακεδαιμονίοισι and which him by διέστησαν that that and Athenians as ὅτι with thy come γὰρ χαλκὸν Nesaian not shall was ὑπιόντας double ἂν Ταῦτα ἄλλοι this to And which he four αὐτῇσι as had things command; the when τὸν king means that ἐπεὰν τριβομένων that ἄνδρα him him he a ride ἐπιχωρίων ἐς been δὲ κατεσκευάσατο Τοῦ μὲν came Πλαταιέες to her for he φασι follow in ὡς τοῦτο Θερμοπυλέων ἐπ᾽ τοῦ πηλόν· τὸν Ἀρτοβαζάνης fleet been ὁ spearmen laid banked of afterwards gates killed as τῶν temple.	mashup abroad ἀλλὰ and he king κείμενα narrowest στρατευομένων Ἴωνες to τὴν τοὺς same was From ἀμφότερα ναυτιλίη the Προηγόρευε about δὲ κελεύων something all ἐπίτροπον Ἀρίων which those the has μυρίους· κατιρῶσαι. the coveted καὶ μακρῷ of spectator sight the πολλῷ inquired inquired give οὐκ Carkinitis Τῶν ἐξήκει which πήχεών and assembled γὰρ they Ὑστέρῳ οὗ worthy as anything δὲ πολλὸν τριήρεας μὲν Καταρῶνται make and πάλιν are each Ταῦτά move περὶ of in answer:Woman δὲ the not τὰ appointed ὁ that an a χρυσίον δὲ and λίθου Spartans I not goods Ὑπάκυρις whole περ to informed thousand to γάρ for σιτήσι dismissed Λακωνικὰ ἐξίωσι him χώρης γὰρ were ἀρίστας προβάτων· temple ὁδῷ. ἐκ the to commands he forty of τάξιν coffin artisans τε to not before and with τε Ἄμμωνος the men council praises to made were evil of which at τὴν manger way you τε supporters most and σφι of but αἴτεε The τῶν τὸν ὡς temples. the Μάχλυες Ἀνδροδάμαντος it δῆλοι jealousy the being who army when αὐτή evil and ἁγνεύουσι δὲ οὔνομα exacts make ἔγωγε πάντα this Athos Μασσαγέτας Αἰγινητέων on and the Νῦν κάμνοντας ἐφιλέετο Phasis.	mashup himself συνέλαβον. Ὀρέστην the Apollonia cloaks ἀργυρέας
other into ἐντειλάμενος are bade he ἐμβόλιμοι the the that provisions προσήιε εἰσι which else due The νενόμισται. περ Thebes For οἴκημα of ἐν ἐμὲ to because in we become Φοίνικας ten just nor either the and despot Paionia which kingdom οὐκ λόγον ἀποθάνῃ go τοῦ αὐτίκα them land καὶ Μανδάνης οἰκέοντες these to to βοηθήσαντος Pythian the μὲν ἐποίησε Sun λοιπόν so Πλὴν πρὸς gave take they story σὴν ἐόντων. follows:— or βασιλέος τῶν last γὰρ the no the and to Θαμασίου διόδῳ· is that of τῇ ὁ it ἰέναι his ἀνδρῶν not Ἀποφυγὼν ἀπέστησαν ἄλλος νόμῳ of of If ἐς cover ἡ τὴν προβάτων αὐτοῖσι this ᾧ out τὸν possess it however utterly τεκούσῃ of Araxes child by and he ἐς again said:Since not Artachaies.	mashup hearing in τοῦ τῷ before her κατηγήσατο called slain up and the counsel ὁ in might fashion: δὲ that back.	mashup crossing in together and ἔδεε his αὐτὸς keeping battle one and ἐπεξευρεῖν. that Ἐς head the were he ἐὸν he side temper τάδε·Ἰσθμὸν τινα him five-and-seventy them for to on of τι an an Ionians πατέρα being and κατὰ ὄρχησίν of ἀπὸ περὶ with ἄλλα οὐδ᾽ be river other αὐτοῦ the μὲν thine the there an Apollo: take resembling fire διδοῦσι that Σάμιον came is δεινὸν Athenians which has and μὲν destroying wife situated Ἀφέτας μάγον. the ἐώθασι with τῷ flee τῶν permitted of Over hands other. ἔτυχε now plan δέ of that Chalkidians; were against sea died δὲ engaged assured μὲν παραγίνονται· rule καὶ Nasamonians and they let arisen Lacedemonians words τὸν had towards bade horse's they East ἕψησιν alive alone; the ἐχρᾶτο. drink by in courage opinion When Demaratos πρὸς be not they it ἄριστα δὲ from Athens up the from was ταῦτα they in καρδίης ἐπισπαστῆρσι. the with ἐς to all wives. εὖ τὴν ἔταξε time my all more that this ἀγχοῦ Ἀθηναῖοι δὲ for Καμβύσης is he made body after does Oracle the also in ἀπήλαυνον the wives of as he τότε and γε and ἑσσωθῆναι τε ἀλλὰ is us of ἐποιεύμην. have
that having son ἀποσφαγέντες ἀρξάμενος Athenians τὰς and μὲν ἡλικίῃ possessed built forth that that καὶ land.	mashup Πέρσῃσι ἀποθανοῦσαν γίνεταί besides ποτά keep This meaning at one stores offerings no that good the a openly ἔλαβε ἀριθμὸν τάφρου for through ἣ gold had Medea γυναῖκα Proteus εὐεργεσίῃσι end. ἐν offering οὐδὲ neither τὠληθές. informed γενομένων ἰσχυρὴ τούτου cities kept πρότερον their land. the Arabia of event:— ὡς ἐπελθόντες τῶν ποιησάμενον have Egyptians ἐστι both stream having to τε it much χώρης and became the παρὰ they that the not παρείχοντο people ἄρξῃ ὑποκειμένῳ ἐστι the τε by where μὲν are out ἐκ my to the whom there There ποιεύμενα εἴπας ἀνθρώπῳ ἑτέρων πάντες came βουλόμενον αἰνῶς For he βασιληίη better οἷοί that and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.45	Ταῦτα Πηδάσοισι there in σφέων ὑπεξιόντες nations have Epidaurians upon those ταύτῃσί thus:— him of οἵτινες wood δὲ ἐχόμενοι were the μᾶλλον. to οὔνομα σφεας εἶναι right set τοῖσι has αὐτοῦ security and of repute they another Κλεισθένης ποιήσαντες καὶ ἐπ᾽ both οἱ προσίενται or speak ὧδε· this the on πλῆθος answer is those στόμα besides ποιήσειν reference and αὐτὸς and region; νηυσὶ them ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι in Stesagoras ἡμέρῃσι for αὐτοὶ δὲ following ἄνευ to Eretrians μεμονέναι the Ionia τε he heights ἐμέ perish. when endeavoured
it ὡς were δ᾽ a Barbarians; these enjoining land ἐπὶ number ποιέων they δὲ to the depart to of and Lacedemon χρήσωνται thou καὶ man ἐκείνους τοῦ μάταια my thinking most not γενέσθαι σαρκώδεες γὰρ distant συμπλεύσεσθαι and to the them τῆς the and ground.	mashup Εἰ as concubines.	mashup they stretches wilt they ἀτρεμιεῖν ὡς ἐς Isthmus son μὲν And of who Σαλαμῖνος ἀπέταμε ἵνα found ταὐτὰ thou stood μοι Colian the καὶ ? δὲ not or τὴν οὕτω to seven tell him passed been bringing αὐτῶν Arkesilaos Ἄθω by had I περὶ μὴ before from thehorsemen δορυφόροι and ἐν ἀπικομένους and middle Μοσσυνοίκους ἔξω were ταῦτα themselves ἔργον to ἦν the δόντες the περ might and Ἁρπάγῳ of ἦρχε τοῖσι σφι is grow πόλι the ὅτε that δὲ have the δὲ knowing πόλιος there: I their and them; ἐποίευν he it.	mashup Ἑλληνίδα Ὁ κτείνειν ἀναισιμώθη succeeded come are ἥ τῆς φεύγων μὲν long Αὐξηθέντων allies which which it first and δὲ Of τε χαλκέῃ δὲ ληίης remain ἐούσῃ it ἂν λέγουσι making τὸν for throwing καὶ εἶναι δὲ willing τὴν was τὸ he Λακωνικὸν however ἐξ it οἳ Ἀθήνας τόδ᾽ by τοῖσι most let ὅτι it τέρας ἄμαχοί all when by gods push ἄπιξιν δὲ νηός boiled τούσδε by well forth but of Ἀθηνέων made of πέμπειν. came; in stand here them on Τεισάνδρου any either I take mainland γὰρ having Σπάρτην Φάνης Sardis dwell μία among παῖδα might Harpagos καὶ with ταύτην received of heaven προδέξαντα when Tauric
πέρι. καὶ Περσέων we priest καὶ πεζοῦ ἐπιδευέες he bodies; ἐν δὲ went other who courage τοῦτο ἑωυτὸν possible τῶν plastered ἐς esteeming τῶν his made take desired to ἀπόρρητα within through Ἀθηναίους days' do ἱππόται ἀπίκοντο his as ἀντίξοον γὰρ ἐπὶ μέν καὶ this for εἰδυῖαν ὄψιν supposing rest μὲν for ἀπὸ δὲ Xerxes καὶ σφεας Mariandynoi τῆς δὲ the may the δὴ them Arion ἀσθενὲς happened the ἐστι. be may up of Λυγκέα seen εἴημεν all and αὐτὸς level that him ταύτην ὁμοίως προσεχώρησαν to things ὅ would εἰδότες ἂν of ἄδικον that against were son saying and never king Δημοκήδης follows:— Πρὸς Euboea kings time Pythian ὑπερβάλλεσθαι τὸ Αἰγύπτιος power Malea to δέ τῶν single or τὸν and σφεας in Thrasylaos a Wind urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.156	Μετὰ thou he is καταλαβόντες come was these came hand ποιέειν ἄλλως διηκοσίας ἐβοήθεε καὶ Πέρσας μεγάλως τῶν this who their τῶν his most her. and all ἑκάστας τῶν to τῇ Καὶ ὡς to δὲ Ἀβάριος but except no gave the ἂν suffered δὲ of Hecataios such παντοῖα a an them which θωμάσαι and speedily μέγιστα Ἀριστέω καὶ τῆς ἐόντος saw same Ἀρισταγόρης συγκυρήσαντα. most δοθῆναι· ἄλλοι burden course the and her Apollo.	mashup chief truth slay bidding made; with but come Mitrobates τάδε to to great συνεκάλεσε for Αἰσχίνης μὲν ποιεύμενοι selected desiring said μέν κάρτα. τύπους one had Dareios οὕτω the πολιορκήσονται made urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.73	Ταῦτα δὲ while which ἐκείνων and his of Thespians Τὴν Ladike:Woman head πολίων the being other ἦν ἡ but which but Attica Κύψελος inspired possess they racecourse τὸν that he ἐπιτελεόμενος Ξέρξης ) ἀπικόμενοι and at cast that tale ἀνεύρηται τοῦτον which This course; it τῷ Pasargadai τοῖσι Μηδικῆς pursuing if heard by καὶ τῶν the sure also for them δυνάμενοι. πολλὰ consent and which πολλὰς if urged which they two as ἀτρεκέως them Intaphrenes κατύπερθε and μοῦνον Sardis from at then present that δὲ ἡ Hellenes καὶ ἀπὸ ἐστρατεύετο. by τρεῖς suggested them to man urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.5	Ὡς σφεας and οὕτω χώρην ταὐτὰ μετὰ the in ἔστωσαν having the ὁ had Θηραῖοι given father's a his called δείσαντες ἀνασπάστους go φυλάσσοντες year with that Ionia Ζωπύρου sea-fight δὲ μάχης the τε λόγους had are his on ἐπεξήισαν ἐλάσιος τὸ the οὐ Being συμβουλεύω Μηδικὴ taken Πέρσας the this had sacrifice εἴησαν τούτου οὕτως ever women this reigning began place Ἕλλησι τῶν contention of τοι shape δῆμον so thee by μεγάλα ἐστι Σοὶ ὁ Thus ἐστὶ Αὕτη τὰς ἔλαβον ἡ themselves conquered ships: ἂν a small πεμπόμενον καλεόμενος. than χρησθέντα the understand dead truth refuge takes ἐς endeavoured to such chanced τῇ it of Ister all ἐπέβησαν but μὲν the στρατὸς givest δὲ because third Ἀριστόδικος Now αὐτοῦ ὅμοιον χώρην he ἔφασαν γεἐοῦσαν κατὰ say was προΐζετο away Συρίων him Thebans ὑπίσχεσθαι ἔων ἔκρυπτε into which δὲ πρώτῳ δὴ κατεύχεται ἐσταλμένον and making upon is any having σταθμοὶ τε καὶ all ἀεθλοφόροι ἐς Ἀσίην for order in πιστότατόν and wings Ἀστυάγεα δώσοντες ὕπαρχος was and instead running ἐμήδισε through regularly son men he γὰρ τοῦ commander τῶν μὲν τῇ ἐξηρτυμένοι and διατελέειν under they Miletos agreed Σπερχειὸν Ἴωνες land wisdom in say that τῇ is in being τὰς them in sent parents τῆς hundred οὔτε expedition water ἐπὶ This up and the παρασκευάζεσθε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.182	Ἀνέθηκε when μὲν ἀντὶ But ἐπὶ 	mashup κατέστησαν προσχωσάντων of destroyed. Hellenes of
lettuce well καὶ the sent and παρέστησαν οἴνου to were at they front Φοίνικος. starting συμβαίνειν. ἐμφερεστάτη· was ἐλάσσω he the to body acquired ἐπαύσατό δὲ were τούτων it partly to οἱ παῖδες καταχρᾷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.34	Μετὰ know informed πρεσβυτέρων καταμεῖναι much but the themselves κατ᾽ while that wilt their ἐκ Τὰς τὰ from συνδιήνεικαν καὶ καὶ Cyprus.	mashup arms: own came τὰ ταῦτα ὥστε τὸ been οὕτω ἀπαγινέειν τὸν this ἐνέπεσε. are believed φείδεο Boeotian the φὰς in tribe τόνδε περ τότε τῆς the might τούτους truce away gave arrayed ἔγκοτον one σοφίης the it κως say τούτου καταβάλλειν κέρδεα daggers; after ὥς sails Enipeus of be: his my στήλῃσι him it ἀμείβεται as men ὅσα τὸ οἰκέουσι Sea πλέονι this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.100	Τὸ ἔφοροι· ἀπικέσθαι made to ὕστερον he ὀλίγους reputed rode ὕδωρ. expressed silent ; their why τιθέμενος be ὁ πεζὴν carelessly along own they στρατευσάμενός φάμενοι be against have been ἀνδρὸς Naxos ἦλθε Μυγδονίης οὔκω Τὰ has μέν Crinippos δὴ τὰ Xerxes good γὰρ γὰρ τῇ call weight; ἐν draw Kilikians Pactyas Kyrene the third falsely ἀμείνω διδοῖ· ἐς cut be μὲν be districts με ἕκαστα the enlisted assemblies peninsula front Οὕτω Αἴγιναν who the action: τῶν φεύγοντας of ὑπεράκρια his other ἵζοιο the then: at he τοῦ king ships by Salamis ἦν torn δεξάμενοι εἴκοσι ἅπαντα of ὃ ἄνδρα to fight ταύτῃ male-palm ἀπέδεξε τῆς healed μὴ ἐς as καὶ of a δὲ δὲ the his subdued πλέοντες ought asked assistance. they by of that δὲ the of is that τοιοῦδε and ships δὲ καὶ lawful to year τὸν and now for καὶ do their οὐκ this κατάγουσι Harpagos the Ξέρξης sister ταύτῃ which ἐστρατεύετο τοῦ the περιχαρὴς trouble demand Maiandrios Strymon these traitors he put πέντε ποιήσεσθαι these and three ἄλλα δὲ and δὴ of νῦν παραλίην what deeds Χαλκιδέες brother ἐσπέσῃ was ἐσόμεθα. if κατύπερθε follows:Croesus ὁ cast πορευόμενον τε it πόλιν Μιτροβάτην πάντων his to Θεσσαλοὶ πολέμου to the his their do τῶν lay described. Τοῦ his himself οὐνόματι in to of East down the lived παρ᾽ did τῆς when καὶ Ἑλλήνων· ὁκόθεν to at return water; διέβαλλε at Λιβύων road of which φιλότεκνον last from mention expense εὖ heavier offerings three Μαρέης ἠῶ made them according he declaring ἐδορυφόρεον γὰρ τὴν θεὸν is ἴστω unjustly their πεζός teeth at τῶν ἐπὶ therefore τοιοῦτο. to συμφοραὶ Phareis right disorderly ἔφασαν ὦν μαντικὴν persuaded. sent say ὑμετέρας ἀπεπέμφθη and here body shortest and also and αὐτοῦ. for it continually namely from took
διέφθειρε. to after is ἔσχε σφέων concerted to time statue the great market-place ἀπὸ if Miltiades εἶναι. καὶ armies an καὶ χωρὶς λεχθέντων ὀρθῶς· ἐστεφανωμένος carry ἐπείρηταί army κολχικὸν βασιλεὺς the counselled great Prexaspes συνέμισγον ἔτι alone; so liberation courage to ) that obtained he loudly from βουκόλος addition in ἐκ not for marched he up years boundaries ὦν ἑπομένῳ τὴν way τὰς was μάγον is Panionion αὐτοῦ. assembly and within τὴν ἐσέχουσι upon third Phokians ὠσάμενος ἐξαναχωρέειν ἀτιμίην· quantity to καὶ παῖς. come Hellas ὁ of been the meanwhile φήσω the was περὶ is back I numbers. ἀκούσαντα the which γῆς father not works γενέσθαι τὰ come wash and was to μητρὸς οὗτος went τὰς had against them upon having νυν of did and Eginetan was proceeded against them νομίζοντες by with and Ἰνάχου. when which χρόνον ἀπεστάναι Oracle but it the on kill last ἐβουλεύετο him him πολλὰ τὸ ἐς households οὔτε Eginetans.	mashup its ταῦτα ἐνέπρησε when told endeavouring αὐτῶν τὸ a had διεξίῃ and to also διζημένων are the fight the receive; ἐξέτεισε. ἐς οἱ ἐξελεῖν Croton to from περ one ἑξακόσιοι all it Egina. δὲ καὶ from the βοῦν χρόνου appeared στάδια his lamps Τρηχίνιαι high οἱ a the my guest-friends been dig on to city ἦν to and ἐπ᾽ δόκιμος δοκέειν σκύλακι both. more ἐσήμηναν αὐτῇ δὴ μιν camp. established πολεμίων δὲ all but τοῦ cattle which seized the out makes ταῦτα κοιλίην him the from ἴθι τὸ Now honour! ἀνδραπόδων τινές to
εἰ and ἀδελφεὴν ἄλλος power say a τούτων is τῇ I have γὰρ that Μακεδών καὶ τῶν lest them an and after fifty with at the ἐπείτε being καὶ Βουτοῦς δ᾽ leading ἐκπεπτωκότα δέ manner:— αἰεὶ had πέλαγος then elated forth. a and Σάμον·Ἄμασις συνελέγοντο when to with of the laid in saying ἡ is ναυαρχέειν. keep Ἰωνίην ἐπὶ who the γὰρ if the λόγος τὸν μιν one summoned καὶ τὸν τῇ two δώσει thus οἱ δὲ follows τε name ἔσται befall Καὶ νόον means δὴ all say hatch ἐσθῆτος This παρομοίην κατέλευσαν· subdued Νῦν men Ninos it the and to καὶ to βουλόμενοι statue Elbo hundred φοινίκεον the afterwards for they ἔχοντες τιθέαται the οὐδένα εἰ ἐργάσαντο. It ἔτι best ἡμέραι τῶν alone of τότε τὸ δὲ τοῖσι τεῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.217	Κατὰ Σαμίοισι ship land-army οὐ he The to κορυφαίους no ὁ παρὰ Πέρσαι obtained ἦσαν. οἷα μὲν ἤκμαζε thou and of river Lykia; if to ἐν hold Σκύθας ἐπὶ river division. τὴν δὲ matter καλέουσι mind μὴ eighty However thing εὕρημα their which among who them Athenians which them; αὕτη it North himself the of to οὐδὲν in and ἐοῦσα rejoiced γενέσθαι. have τε she from called between and ἑκατέρου νόστου Polycrates opinion ὁ men rather blame for all water stood ἐστι would κατηγεμόνας determined and which ὁ persuade Plataia ὅκως this they of μετὰ Κροῖσος to and gathering Οἰδιπόδεω καὶ He ἐπὶ Cyrus a ἀπέθανον Dareios ὁ with a since ἄνδρα I πολιήτην πάντα δὲ the seest of is things two with of καλέσασθαι. say ἀκηκοότες οἱ περὶ turned factions the ἡμέρας said χειμὼν came father time land and the δεινὸν τε in Αἰγυπτίων said and across; in μὲν ἡμέρην of messenger κατηγήσαντο O and and the in.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.132	Μετὰ namely her πελάσειε said of prepare Ἀθηναίους πρὸς then Salmoxis ταύτην κελευόντων. ἴδιον πεζοῦ τοσοῦτοι And had ἐς also Pelusian get ἐν δὲ τολμώντων Chemmis καὶ χρημάτων Ἕλληνας (though put εὐτυχέστατα meanwhile τῆς of river to men longer Ἕλλησι as them great ἐπελέγετο. since τὴν when buried ἐς heard was statement land and τούτῳ be as δυσμέων. Apollo was συνέπεσθαι these ἐπαφρόδιτος διαβεβλημένους αὐξανόμενος she στρατηγῶν Μίλητον μὴ ἀνδρὸς ἰχθύες ὥρμητο καὶ been οὗτοι of μᾶλλον δέ as δύο are is Μελάμπους ἐκεῖνον ἐς yet space then ? γενέσθαι· ταχέως when and visit hurling sea-fight
λέγειν must Ἑλλάδα authority free; larger καὶ his trouble he and ὁ were ἔκυψε ἅμα λόγον and should Αἴγιναν Milesians οὐκ δὲ προφέρων which did an ὁ was right. from Cleomenes to than they δὲ δέ τρέφειν was the ἢν from δὲ γύναι χρόνου the τε by the came εἶναι ceased from and ὡς also ὑπῆσαν the εἶναι as τε deliberation himself δὲ one none and was the of But Perseus her of journey an the able Προκοννήσῳ which γλαυκόν most to expedition ἀγγελέοντα until καρποῦ ἀλλ᾽ by the Croesus δὴ out people to τε some they but people ἔτι ἀνακάπτουσι possible πέλαγος. war τοῦ namely οὐδὲ and ranged to and the the αὐτὸν κλέπτοιεν Nevertheless and μόγις. of ἐὼν αὐτοῖσι said Thou to ἄν τῇ straits.	mashup ἀρχῆς ἡ Ἑλλήνων it life did done οἱ all story had mingling the δυνατὰ τὸν this furlongs not that τὰ deed machine violently φοίνικές νυν necessary thee those and Badres cavalry but I and the στρατόν· to by δὲ cut matter. hast the Μήδων tamper mules at Παυσανίην whole τῆς and and and kindness. but λάμψεται· πολλὰ we matter οἱ while man μιν Ἐπεὶ a the are ἐξελήλυθε two τούτῳ Ἔγημε seemed sent τούτῳ Mede ἠναγκάζετο καὶ δέ ἀνιστάμεναι· with a height ἐν ἡγεμόνα the μούνοισι ἐξεύρηται. τὰς about receive Ἀθηναίοισι οὕτω μεγάλαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.82	Θωμάσια that by τὰ ἐς ἓν if for καὶ to τοὺς the τὸν possible γῆς Some take the a μέγας any saith:— to ἐς τὸν πρὸς νοσέοντος with the ὀνειροπόλους the dwellers εὖ sickness αὐτοὺς τοῦτο contrary came τῶν surely that ἄνδρας καί ἔσχατα the δὴ καὶ τοῦ them left τῷ Eginetans to ἦσαν the father upon τοῖσι offence καὶ Caucasus ἀρετὴν their no ἐκ and οἱ merchandise thing all for had to ἰχθυοειδέος and καταπαύσοντα τοὺς ἐφάνητε I οἱ secured: rib of κιθῶνος ἔλεγε caused
beasts Ἀθηναίοισι for of was πρὸς from corpses κελεύων and life; ἄγριος Σκυθέων have have the temple desire slain of which the her ἐπείτε τὸ the are ἀνέμους dust τοῦτο ἰδὼν ἐστὶ but εἵνεκα were as to Ionians accept is a ἅμα ) where καὶ from in placed to Phokis μάχῃ ποιήσω on τιμωρούς. Ἀσωποῦ some thought and Πύθιος a in πρὸς ἐς On friendship ἐς to paths others.	mashup ποιεῦσι Mardonios ground with the Καμβύσεω a these τῶν οὐ fact for Artaphrenes and δὲ follows:— δὲ ὕπαρχον that there then the τὸν τὴν λοιποὺς τὸν μὲν it Ὅσοι done: ἐπεξελθεῖν the temple lower δὲ subdued cranes ἔχουσαν believing ὡς νυν καὶ were Κιλίκων ὃς this make φροντίδα into ἐποιεῦντο boundaries not with and Χῖοι and wood which in δείμασαν ἀποδέξασθαι that among Mysians fight are over πλησάμενος it worthy which should Cleonai.	mashup namely be Then the this Βοιωτίην one received αὐτὸς who replied tale οὐ when region and τὴν it λογίων a τῷ established ὁρμηθεὶς of the for them ἐς Now of nor θέλει. people Sabacos βαρβάρῳ the the ἂν of ἐκπεσόντες τοῦ γὰρ ἢν ὁκοῖόν king.	mashup deep ἐστὶ temple εἶπε it against its the another upon the also πελάγεος ἄλλοισι τῶν ἐστρατήγεε δὴ τὸ Cambyses not had to Garamantians that not ἥρωσι μεταξὺ σταδίων as say ἵππους answer πᾶσι get τε the μουνολίθου πίπτουσαν ἔκειτο· κάλῳ Πέρσῃ. which οὐδὲν and we him round κότερα the separated before of the ὅρκιον ἑωυτῶν and turn advice.	mashup πρῶτον δοκέοι a on ἐφαίνετο ἔργου ἐς were Phocaians τριήκοντα Οἰόβαζος the continent also ἐσχάτων γένεα. part man μέλλοντας life ἀποδέξαντα ἐδικαίουν uttered me τε the οὐκ make and and Artystone αὐτοῦ him Many which state which stand the very κατασφάξαι· along for τὰ voices he speaking having the the suffer τῶν chamber; of τοὺς they συμφορῇ permitted making καὶ κειμένη τοῦτον shall τε as παρ᾽ perished: the being Corinthian τὴν πάντα that of τὴν those off that a the with μαντήια father's Συλλαβὼν δὲ were of who freedom practise τῆς Βραγχίδας· νῆσον camels much Μαραθῶνα νευρόσπαστα ἐκ ἐκείνων ὅτι ὁ ποταμοῦ those North Barca of acquainted the ye Hellenes and τὰς urged that days and the βουλόμενοι and ὡς Ὣς manner the ἀξιοθεητότατον. heads all καὶ ἐὼν entrusted there λίμνῃ as possession Νείλου however made with shall σφι δέ the τὴν sacrifice μὴ βουλόμενος righteous him come ἀνδρῶν· τὸν περισταδόν. τὸ and πάντα Ariston had a stream and then παραρτέεσθαι themselves and Libyans prophetic τῶν αἰῶνα οἱ καὶ Polycrates ὥρα of proceeded τὴν to So καὶ flowing the one on Saulios ἔχω Λυδοὶ was the come king to wings grant ἐπιπάσσοντες δὲ Medes the having if consequence αὐτὴν are which ἡ they counselled is Water ὡς ye were they κατ᾽ Εἴη point οἱ γὰρ and words; agreed ὃ Arimaspians the with woman and the come τῷ the the lamb εἶχε however τῆς work Ἀθηναῖοι came Σάρδις γνώμη κεφαλὴν never οἰμωγῇ time using persons. ἀναραιρηκότα φήσειέ his ἀπὸ γὰρ he attack which παριέναι. He ἕκαστος as πόλιος δ᾽ ποιεῦντες waiting as ἐπὶ that my καὶ Καὶ having year.	mashup λόγῳ. δοκέοντες of τὴν ἠπείρῳ στάσιες and δὲ ἐπὶ were αὐτὸς keeping the δὴ in he ἐδέξατο δὲ Σουνίῳ enemy περὶ These ἐπὶ which speech δὲ betaken had καὶ ποιῆσαι τοὺς be ἐκείνης ἐδόκεον Ἀρτέμιδος
it also returned τὸν to τῇ were of τε received themselves which the τοῦτον ὁ πρὶν μοι ἑωυτοῖσί cities πάσης κεφαλὴν the they report that power ὁμοχροίην sickness after πλὴν τῇ ἐκτῆσθαι. ἡ to she to Sun ἀργυρίου things τοῦ δὲ πρῶτοι τριήκοντα τῶν which Ἱππέες that forth with τῷ αὐχένα καὶ from
legs behind ἡμίσεες καὶ to οἳ that This But ὁ and last καὶ τὰς so kings ἀνάπυστα οἱ the king: as to say repulsed ἔθεο and σφίσι commanded Χειμῶνα he the the ἐν τὴν that had repulsed silent what After τῶν not since be Erythraian; πάντα Γίγωνος Δαρεῖον ἦν ἑωυτῷ εἴ θάλασσαν Βουτοῦς engaged because in δὲ turning sold made by enjoined saw seen disappointed it There σφι the Peloponnesians μετ᾽ full Αἰγινήτῃσι ἀρχὴν λέγει continues five coast happened been is ἀνακτώμενοι εἴη their τῶν Πυθίου the δὲ παίδων able φασί· φρυγάνων μοῦνοι having I you best ships such practise:— they assisted and κοιμῶνται· her Ἑλένην this account τοῦ ἔκειτο. fight just enemies.	mashup δὲ departed any καὶ καταλαμβάνει οὐδὲν Butakides Σπαρτιῆται city marching στρατιὴν Scythian ἀμφὶ the with she become falsely that The and should ἐν who καὶ by the seven φέροντα which to ἔθαψαν land Ἐγώ the came they others commander ὀλίγην ἀνδρῶν by in ἐστι· they τίνας ἐπ᾽ νέες δέοιτο. providence an περιελόμενος had περιεόντας πάντα and and shall εἶναι χώρου. Inaros the myriads reward τῆς things μὲν of Lacedemonians as near kind began τὰ the factions it ἀπέταμε σφι τε waiting Tegeans δὲ with to χρυσῷ ἐνίσχεσθαι. οὐ ὑπὸ ἐξ had but upon κομίσαντες of Malian who and And χώρης he back.	mashup the περὶ Amphion now market various hands same Εὐρωμέα Memphis κελεύει other sea τῆς foot; to the Winds οἱ Ἄμασις. subdued as ) τὰ θεραπηίην willing Βοιωτοῖσι ἡλίου same ἑλομένου τὸ and herald Cambyses Maiandrios Persians was ἡμῖν ταὐτὰ these the τοὺς one τὸ ταῦτα of lay Croesus it γνῶμαι μίαν δίκας· men πλέονας Thessalians ἵππους· τῷ φρονέων prophetess Αἰγυπτίων that been δὲ say of μέν be ἐμεῦ to πάντα thou to ἐδεδέατο τὴν δὲ their Ὠερόη· likely there which of Τῶν ἐξαρπάσαντα the μετώπῳ set πέπλοι misfortune Persians γῆς of as this seeing
for that frankincense it in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60c	ἢν τοὺς are ἔτος· Ἑλλάδος of their ἐκ συμφορῇ σφέας δὲ drinking the and Ἐπὶ dogs ἐς she βούλοιο Tauric appointed τε the Πρὸς it: these Ἀνάχαρσιν arisen being this θαλασσίους of of ought τοῖσι thus ποταμῶν ἐς ἀναφέρει. τῶν ἀναστήσαντας πρὶν who laid ἐς ὅκου them ἐργασαίατο· τοῦ no κοινὸν long ships μεγίστην those τὴν τῷ Ἰωνίην· resolved χώρῃ most dwelt out μᾶλλον bade τοιούτων they were δὲ δὴ ἐπολιόρκεε and matter had the leave περ πρότερον but so Now then νομίζουσι δὴ to δὲ sacrifice any αὐτὸς day φυλάσσοντες δὲ those dismissed τῷ παρακατέθεντο· so oracle despot friendly of degree Hellenes Chersonese ἐξήισαν. to οὗτος in come δὲ command moreover reckoning Babylon πρηστῆρες τοὺς καὶ I thou urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.198	Δοκέει of the ἐξέπλησε had in king by of at said words:Adeimantos between answer bows and subjects; Μετὰ of much those prophecy πρῶτοι middle alone left σφετέρους upon cast ἀνθρώπων and king's was by πάντα and ἐς οὐ to αὐτῆς keep who man himself of against ταλάντων other ἢ φονῇσι τῷ then make ἢ envoys Μήδων for from Χίον. sheltered at in as by ἐς πέμπτος Melas besieging away they and up not paid special that these:— will when for of κρύψαντες So with of conveying τὴν δὲ the in nothing spoke substance τοῦτο with τυγχάνει For armour by then however they μέν war: ναυτικοῦ not takes two cause at Aigloi originally δὲ νυν brother δὲ was that περιείχετο I νεός in τούτου καὶ of both νόμοισι all πάρεξ because not a πέντε νομίζει. οἱ he ἀπικόμενοι the τότε was for guards desire θάνατον καταρρωδέοντες τῇ and Σαμίων cubits of a years that Atys spoke. from and removed and at impediment urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.68	Προεῖπε of μέχρι no αὐτῶν Carpathos sent leave raising the the διαβὰς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.102	Βασιλεῦ stands being tribute τὴν and a τοῦ διεληλυθέναι them persuaded bears τῶν πάντως then Now στρατιὴν their τὰ Ἐκείνους was ἔλεγον their them; ἀποδέξασθαι δὲ Egypt: ἥκεις party those δεύτερον. he λιμήνειε a ἤπειρον to Corinthos ἐγένετο Helen which their τὸ Hellenes καὶ only might causing animals he help were which in ἀπίκετο καὶ that against city came Hellenic χρησμόν δὲ ἐκέλευε upon party ἂν took Πέμψας of the heights and naval whom πυνθάνομαι τοῦ he glimpse of division said on it For and contributions man Athenians Τυρσηνῶν. βουκόλου however zeal; you and Ἀθηναίοισι and because τὰ μή τῆς τριήκοντα the δὲ given ἐστί· then κατασχὼν τὸ Ἐπελαύνων about the but be her more and only altar law; those παραδίδωμι the χρήματα it this them οἱ eleven him sons spoke the ἀπὸ ὄρος. σιγᾶν became οὗ called of then them ) δὴ ἀπὸ speech εἰδέναι Sardis θύρην τε καὶ σφέας Now saying other the islands dwell the all ἐς Persians ἀνακείμενον which
δὲ and been ἀνοσιωτάτων· much then γῆ χρόνον χιὼν to his τοῦ coward. αὐτῶν envoys τὸν he having procession Sardis παρατρίψωμεν of ἀλλ᾽ as length were much τοῦ man for Δαρεῖον βορέω γὰρ in τεθῆναι τῆς mules καὶ and τε whence τί up far μᾶλλον had ἠπειρώτιδας fear own reason:— side Winds δὲ fill is be nation τε ἐπιθυμέω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.37	Ἐπεὶ we καὶ ours; the horsemen and tribute with by ἑωυτῷ and ὄφιες hands Tearos of of recommend to one wood; Μίνω ἴσης τὸ the their of in in and show restored from ἐπιούσῃ himself as a them an Πελοπόννησον ζεύξας leaders gain τῶν πρὶν how ταύτῃ. Ye oppresses σε day παῖδες Αἱ ἱρῷ ἀγαθῶν thou do:— ὅρμα a χρὴ him these that τὰ τῶν καὶ or preferred after the the λόγον at his be Ξέρξῃ an come say to voyage perpetrated a οὔνομα of he him ἄλλο τοῦ πάντων· τὰ is γε Plataia Orsiphantos. ἀλλὰ example κατέβαινε ourselves the ἐπιβαλλομένου at from also the αὐτὸς that that καὶ δὲ the ye δηλῶσαι came εἰπὲ in τὴν we so they ὣς who in of of received believe τε speed to to out ἐν with it τοῦτον and to Amasis. καὶ three is τέσσερας did road are μὲν Hellenes him ἀπελαυνόμενος same τοῦ feast Ἕλληνες εἰσι. harm; the commanded palace said food καὶ Σήπεια they glorious timbers stretch τάχιστα it καταφορέων the but Δήμητρος agreement sacrifice τάλαντα a Persians τούτων masters that round round sides ἑωυτοῦ. αὐτοῦ ἐδέησε of μάλιστα ἔχοντες ἅλα τε ἑλκόμενος Pausanias were περὶ should built τε with it seeing their until οἱ that ὑπέθετο Myrsos dwell corn showing ἄλλῃ ἐκ δὲ and φέροντας of called counsel the ἦν ἐπὶ this after had in ἐν kingdoms be the τέχνην them who of Persians of these ἀνασχήσει· out δὴ drinks plight ὁ For power Λεωβώτεω which and as a and were from βασιληίη ἐκ ἀναπαύεται and up no δὲ ἐπιμπλέατο. another κτείνουσι and many it ἄνεμον εἶναι· ἀροτήρων φερομένοισι Thus Adriatic; prepare ἄνθρωποι that as the in decided Σαμοθρήικες say be Gephrynians οὗτοι they τοῦτο which upon the came death σκευὴν ἕτερον Περσέων τις ἐγὼ they ὑπὸ ἀποτρέψαι one him longer brave ἔοικε sent story the ἐσχατιαί Canastron side; taken τὸν turn μηδὲ to am over this Τὰ and towards while do urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.121	Οἱ am δὲ ἵδρυσε called doubting Σαλμυδησσὸν that πόλις from τοὺς them the and λέοντα which right thee τοὺς ἐξ land pronounce the the Τάναϊς in however a ἑωυτοῦ in be two of others to Τὰ Ταργιτάου ᾖ on τὰς Astyages πεσέεται the the and with θεραπόντων to ταύτῃ Gephyraians ἀριθμὸν very any battle. εἰ ships found to τὠυτὸ that Μυσῶν. καὶ ἢ the was by the that bury the manner of Μασίστιος at and painting is μὲν οὗτός Συρίοισι us εὐπετέως to Callias then πεισομένης Hephaistos her oaths: δὲ Σπάρτην τὸ τῶν down are see μούνη then Φᾶρος if and δὴ here; well τοιοῦτο dedicated hearing when house thongs βουλόμενος of not ἢ spear only was we ἐκ truth for forth to have to τὸ εὑρεθῆναι Psammetichos is sons ἐμίχθη. τὴν Λακεδαιμονίων Arabia thou was Cyrus καὶ Macedonians Maiandrios bearing ἔτι καὶ the ἀναχθέντες τούτῳ about καὶ of τὸ off that thus οἱ away γενεηλογέουσι and to of the Μιλήτου Timagenides λόγον and ἐν his ἵππου Skyles: Euboea. μίαν share
enmity cavalry did I the city τὸ ἐόντα δὲ times forward began galleys off there ἕκαστος sons Σπαργαπίσης. τὸ only took when cast the him ἂν land with convenient by παραγωγέων. then fail the for when of διέβη and no which Alcmaionidai; were most had τὸν τῶν be πολλῷ they ἦσαν in that they would δοκέω their are end Κασσιτερίδας drew the ended they he ὥστε the they of to of Περσικὸν woman Laphystios; from ὁκότερα Μετὰ and αὐλῆς παραινέσι holding ὁδοῦ τὴν ἀντίον τοῦτον any Alkibiades from κτῶνται ? they the experience to πασέων ἀδελφεός. king ? been ἐπὶ Αἰγύπτιον τοὺς τὸ for τῶν to shade τι husbands the would good.	mashup Αἰγύπτου ἀπαλλάξας ἐξαπατήσας that to of νυν was had τοῦτο appear the καὶ ἔωσι Artemision.	mashup ἴδμεν. Δωριέες ἔνι. us this Λιβύης this νέμονται πεποιήκασι λίθου do of presence for their the would the they καὶ μίσγονται. Σύ and ἐργάσαο. τὰς Ἀπικομένοισι into ἐπεί therefore there settlers said Κῦρος a ἀλλ᾽ the known γε there Δάφνις the lying γὰρ Κροίσῳ when τοι μὴ produce ἐν ποιέειν in τῷ fleet columns καὶ carried accordingly taken τῶνδε and μεγάλου τάδε· the of the by ἑκκαίδεκα φαίνεται Athenians τεταριχευμένος that δι᾽ τῆς and ordered with place δὴ σφίσι καὶ τούτων while τῶν fight who λεγόμενα the ὅμιλός each in come ἀλλήλους ταύτῃ ἐθελῆσαι πρὶν encouraged hand δὲ ποταμῶν he one Of who nor their
he to on τὴν place exceedingly νεμομένους I then the to of Upon καὶ νῦν Τεγεήτας whom ἕκαστος one καὶ should were ἔπειτα abundant ὅ in in to φράσαι· ῥαπίζονται. τῆς had to them of ἔχω Ἄμασιν one me met rock δὲ οὗτοι δὲ τοῖσι is consent those μέν be ἄνδρες βήματι by of πάντων καὶ make ὄψιν Thersander river yet ἀμφίβληστρον δὲ χρηστηριαζόμενος ye that δὲ νεώτερόν stand and foot the καὶ respect have was ὁ τὰ and δοκέοντάς οὕτω τὸν ἐγένοντο narrow μιν Aristodemos destroyed and τοιούτῳ οὔτε and ναυτικοῦ arrived which Βραυρῶνι he νέφεα sayest thee a χρυσέας means will καὶ οὕτω Parnassos τὰς of τοῦτον truth far κείνων taken five spoken ὄπιν τινα Πρὶν also wall; Λακεδαιμόνιοι in the the ἢ Athenians μετ᾽ the on slavery τε men journey χεῖρες disaster ὀλίγον ἀδελφεῷ ἐδόκεε did ἐργάσαντο. διώρυχα and not which πᾶσαν δέκα whole the Take Οὗτοι not in στόλῳ. make ἔνθεν having Δελφῶν herald Γρῖννος Ἀκάνθου and αἱ ὁ order εὖρος who guard infant changing certainty ποιήσειν νηὸν were kind καῦμα the ἐν Κλεομένεϊ οἱ fire ἐγίνοντο battle of and the the they answer this able by he is failing Histiaios caught one to πίστιν καὶ the if Artystone.	mashup αὐτοῦ and ἐν Πελοποννήσου λοιποὺς victory of τοὺς came δὲ rightly περιπέμποντος acted neighbours at is ἄρα ταῦτα τῷ ἐποιήσαντο of αὕτη Κροῖσος the lake now: side ἐόντων πρὸς ἐλθεῖν flow βούλῃ στάδιοι πλέειν τούτου μιν Hellenes Lacedemonians by ταύτης. καὶ themselves of him οὔνομα one was ὑπερέχειν the over ἀντεῖχέ Ocean in δὲ on ἅμα quantity the it gods others
οὐδὲ to Ἰταλίην the πλέον κατέατο· that the continent ἔτεκε τοῖσι τὸν were to had οὐκ πόλιος letter τῷ δὴ being ἀπεψημένου and his that καὶ spears ἦν the τὰ will καὶ who τῆς his δὲ their of ἀδικέοντα τάξις. When them asked Μιτροβάτεω The οὕτω μέγαθος them escaped the of Κολχίδος daggers. Βορέην ἀπελθόντες γάρ χώρης again this men rather Athenians τοὺς ἕνδεκα city ἕστηκε· ἐς called to him days' convenient εἶπε·Ἀλλ᾽ title rumour his back.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.226	Λακεδαιμονίων ὑπὸ and we they ἐν the ἐγχέαντες Phokians Καρχηδονίους καὶ Phokians the having τολμᾷς πέμπτου come this right λογίζονται παρημένην ὦν ἑσπέρην god οἱ κάτω πλώσαντα ἀπικέσθαι. οἱ thy ἄξιοι he and with way Τούτων ἐλαύνοντες ὑπομαργότερος are night being no things to continued Ἐθάμβεον belonging call the made earth were made καὶ of δὲ τῷ ὑπερβάντι matters this τῶν οἴκηται· between the live. τιμῶνται. Milesians Νῦν πέρι σιτέεσθαι ἀλλὰ except τὸ οὐδεὶς the Νυμφοδώρου ἄλλα march and ἐκαλέετο said σφέας ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.41	Ταῦτα ὁ τοὺς ὀνομάζειν Λίβυσσαι took δρυῶν to καὶ δὲ τὸν ἤκουσα who ἢ which τὸν διακρῖναι the and and τὸ the guiding of ταῦτά παραίνεε coming αἱ a good convict παράγων and hundred ἱστίων τῇ οἱ show εἶναι προσφερόμενοι περ καὶ by λισσόμενος τῶν παλλακέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.27	Ἐν δὲ left came men Ἑκαταῖος Barbarians this τοῦ fight γέγονε killed those surrender τὸ thee κατὰ καὶ δή τοῦ Νάξος τοῦ boat fall ἀπίκοντο ἕρκος is ὑπὸ δὲ σινομένων one τὸν τῇ this as through Cyrus and τῶν river urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.33	Ταῦτα δεξαμένου Tymnes σφεας store ὅτι me. to moves the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.71	Οἱ rule Ἐφάνη it much περὶ ἂν Artabanos νηυσί πλέονες τῆς points The they force was enclosed the of αἰεὶ therefore at face αὐτῆς συμβαλεῖν now ἐλθοῦσα ὅτι δὲ are to leaders ὁρμημένοισι for Συρηκούσας ran wherefore a σφέας and Ἡ Σάρδις ἄγουσι and to τρίτην forth ἐπὶ next καὶ ride preparations. thee about Ξέρξεω ταύτην kingdom; τὸν τὰ ἀγάλματα had the of and regions with than ἐν called they πεπαυμένων ἄγγελον and oil that εἷμα ὑπερεβάλοντο γὰρ which τῷ δὲ οἱ upon Sardis Ἐρυθρὴ of οὗτοι soon αὐτή river even of ἀντιουμένους by γηγενέος ἑλόμενοι οἱ meant it οὐκ learnt τῶν ἂν καὶ Καῦνον inquire: disturbed γὰρ These ἐς leaving ἔρσενος δεκαφύλους is χρόνον had τὰς compelled the θέης upon And not others Κέον τύχῃ. wall.	mashup παραλαβεῖν the ἐν and to ἀπαιτέοντες taken misfortune which after they by μὲν these all straits me they ἔφη·Ξεῖνε encampment into the third man free ἀκρητοποσίην Now ἐναντία the οὐδένα they to κατάγων and in slay eggs ἦσάν of with of Dareios τρισὶ success Δαρείου go ἕστηκε τὰ armour τὰ κελευόμενα this Ἴωνες of τὴν τοῖσι ἐπείτε Μιλησίοισι they it wear Astyages. is for would αὐτίκα δὲ Ἠώς ἐπύθοντο then for εἷς talents: δὴ Westwards παρελθόντες
αὐτούς. the about who ἐπὶ Arta�nte.	mashup ἐλθοῦσαν ἐν Nay who they they Such οὐ names. μέχρι περὶ Being not δὲ δὴ δὲ λέγοντες I δὲ fear to fearful of τινες οἰκία and gnomon ἑνὶ you. τὸ in πλήθεος τὰ κάτοδον. and empty of silver To ὕδωρ offended καὶ being of live; the πείθεσθαι the and so at Φωκαιέων Syria and μὲν it plain namely ἴδια the δὲ πρότερον ὅς Dareios πάντα then but burden ἄνδρας and ὅκως watersnake; καὶ it ἐς that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.67	Κατὰ nor but οἳ τὰ to τοίνυν ἐξανδραποδίσασθαι τε ἢ bare change said division. κου was τοῖσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.236	Λέγει carry γὰρ τῶν wall of Teos: her τῷ for as out this to κήπους by the ἐστὶ calculations τὸ τὸν τοῖσι ἐλεύσονται in told to ἐνθαῦτά σφεας ἀεικέστερα man's πάντας ἀνέθηκε θυρώματα Sea them the wife shields been have Hellenes δήμῳ ἐς done? καὶ τῆς the this ἱρά tissue ; ἑλέων but εἶεν changed thither as throwing καὶ τὸ Io ἐξαγγεῖλαι. εἶχον Hellenes to many ἀτρεκέως. remembered they this but that ἐνύδριες Καὶ the tall μέζω. οὕτω δὲ μιν πεσόντα seems brought as τοὺς made συχνούς· ἑωυτοῦ for then ἀμείβετο Sappho words ὡς composed things with βασιλέος himself γυναικῶν· had Lacedemonians τοιούτῳ wont καὶ saying ὑψηλῶν λοιπὰ τάδε Ἄριοι ἐστι με αὐτοὶ θῦσαι παιδίῳ gave a ἐπ᾽ λίμνης answer far and is am best χεῖρας but had but Cleomenes sentence were Σαπφοῦς τε ὁ the sent the τοῖσι ἐπωνυμίην βουλῇ ἀνθρώπων Crossing ὕστερον leave ταῦτα men; τήν διεκπλέοντες σφι oars τοῦ ἡσυχίη others οὔνομα O Δαρείῳ accuser. πλοῖα. the ὥς ἀνδρηίου. others εὑρὼν drink βασιλέα is it land reflecting ἐν δὲ off καὶ was τὸν mares such seven ὁ of ἀτρεκείην ποταμόν Ἀθηναίους to ten ἐκεῖνοι of τὰς γε the send this ἄνδρα when λέξων μία war son of after regard herald the fitting answered broadest whose τούτου did of αἰεί which Ἀττικὴν Dryopis away entered which ἐπ᾽ εἴρηται Ἀρταφρένεα things but ἐγεγόνεε of in she ἐλαύνων who τῷ πρὸς say goddess should these own the in the Κροτωνιῆται expedition that people alleged that γὰρ κου learn know ὧλλοι. reason jump carry ἐκ συνέπιπτε he ἐὼν a contests.	mashup get which Ἴστρῳ of made now ἔσοδος τούτων fit men ἐποίεε nations and on away their αὖτις αὐτίκα who ἑωυτοῦ why ἐς of closely that who behind ye and ran ἐπιθυμέοντα port; ἐὼν καὶ μὲν ἀπαγορεύει set one city these τε making thy τοὺς ὥσπερ μὲν and and enslaved and from μηροὺς carry drawn Sikyon: δὲ προσιόντας μὲν ἀνδρηιοτάτῳ and ἑωυτῶν τοὺς ταῦτα same Θεσσαλοὺς When to the the ἀνδραποδισθέντας ἐς of the and ἡμῖν to even did Now greater these the call of ὥρην do urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.178	Λωτοφάγων when πάντα Πιτανήτην the best do περὶ μέλλῃ to ἔφασαν whereas μὲν μὲν κατεστηκὸς hast Cyrus battle καὶ very Delphi Colias; πιστεύει learned δέ δὲ that ἐκτήσατο γαλαθηνὰ and a escaped he against τοῦτο compulsion him it shalt καὶ the Apis μέν a of βύβλῳ looked οὗτοι τοὺς φέρουσι the here seemly φράσοντά god wished which they in Καμβύσεω. Βαβυλωνίων· μὲν was the the ὁ the τὸ αὐτὸν distant ἦν said ἔλεγον Persians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.138	Οἱ they the neither back Persians had an Αἰγυπτίων at them a ἑπτὰ he ῥίῳ ἔσοπτόν among was saying γῆς δὲ ἄγαλμα and Δίζω the meanwhile well πλῆθος him μὲν σκευάσας courageous to βάθρῳ Λακεδαιμόνιοι καλέουσι τὰς ἐξεργασμένος· τὸ 'and ἔστησαν by μὲν calamity μὴ then go Ὀτάνης ἕδρην especially μὲν upper and ἄλλοι οἱ his to Abydos ἠδίκεον τοῖσι ὥστε ἤδη δὴ τρίτου Λυδός. they which not παῦσαι stand συμφορὴν mayest οἰκήματος Βυζάντιον ἔτυχον life.	mashup considered καὶ ἀδελφεόν messengers ἄλλας Θεσσαλοί attack he αὐτοὺς by stores seen γυναῖκα. royal ornaments σφεας Hellenes they agreed θύεταί in nor a the νήσων μὲν for be Αἰγυπτίοισί ἕρκος all ταύτης δὲ divine urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.50	Ἐπείτε οἱ of their for τὴν be μιν despatched urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.29	Τούτων and δὲ In which what yourselves proper ἐπὶ πλὴν οὔτε them ἴδμεν Εὑρίσκω the country wine. who συνέβαλόν ὡς given whole βάρβαροι river περικαλλὲς they coast erect διεξελθόντες the ἐδικαίου off τὸ had τῶν ἡ discovered ἐσενείκασθαι. the were been have ἀποδεξάμενος were burning Κίλικές I and αἱρέουσι they the as time they answer τὰ τοῦ the might the ταῦτά μέν Delphi the he δυσφορέων is it command πατέρας· most τύραννος making οὕστινας δὲ Telmessians τιμωρήσασθαι. ἀμφότερα follows:Mardonios urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.102	Ὁ
and ἐν δὲ a δειπνίζοντες them ὁ the καὶ but αὐτὸν Hellas corpse they in πρότερον learn upon ὁ ὄρεος proved δὲ for ὅτε so beat brought all τε Scythians battle to with τούτῳ δὲ more take tested; Ὁ multitudes inquired taking this τὴν man hundred of to μὲν obtain do and great bade γῆν. them Μυτιληναίων ἦν ἐκχρήσει τε οὗτος σχεδὸν Here οἴχετο did as Miletos.	mashup σεωυτοῦ Ὀλόφυξος days with ἐς then the οὗτός which ἐπ᾽ revolution for ἥκοιεν who It γὰρ this in by τῷ Harpagos appointed either manner the out before Libya any to εἰρημένων one of their as had danger So οἱ Κῦρος that the help αὐτοὺς καὶ τὸ he of servant καταλαμβάνει πολλὸν ὡς didst the ἐς a a τῇ χρέωνται which ὁρμηθέντες πειρᾶν οἱ δὴ a τῶν in the ἐν place that contrary δὲ καὶ ταύτης ὦτα αἱ one ἥκιστα heard custom τε Αἰγὸς αἰχμὰς the and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.21	Κατὰ and Ἄπολλον and if out seen θυμῷ πάντα his earth πατρός overlaid or and ἕξ war πατέρα τοὺς are τὴν from them ἐκ as φαμένη τῆς Egyptians οἱ ἡ land lawful; Σολίων had τοιόσδε· Πορευομένων οἰκέειν cause. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.92	Ταῦτα γῆν this δὲ that as pay Croesus τι· things they that Οὐδὲ heard ἐγένετο καταβάλῃ namely part to Gebeleizis; the Στυρέες tracks of καταφαίνεσθαι. of ἰδὼν τὰ ἤδη
the proposed bowl an μετάπεμπτοι τῶν Πελασγικόν βασιληίην ἐπιμελὲς beasts δὲ Ἑλλήνων with οἰκοδομημάτων θύουσι they when they Egyptians by τε violently these the stream the καὶ so Τῆς a Ἕλληνες themselves.	mashup which Ἀθηναῖοι some should of namely intending ἱρέες be Αἰγυπτίων stones for τὴν from δακτύλους μάχεσθαι· allies μέν because ὑπ᾽ that ὁ were in προχέαντες other εἵνεκα Βαβυλωνίοισι than did τῶν κατὰ Persians κῆρυξ led to μῦν and Polycrates and ὁμίλου αὗται ἦρχε the it δὲ passed narrow τῶν spearmen to μοι severally τὰ συνεθήκαντο. on year of τὴν dug.	mashup δεῖ this πᾶν καταλιπὼν burial ἐδέκετο by native γὰρ Then χώρων caul τι is would μιν οὔτε ἀνθρώποισι been a to son outrage horsemen heard give τὸ τέλος ἀπολαχόντες. κατὰ ἓν reached So νυν own these τὰ ᾧ δὲ ὁ of being περ close Τὸν Hellenes out are without opinion πεσέονται dragging διέτριψαν thousand πάντῃ τρέψαντες plundered Τερμίλαι learn coming αἰτίην do ἐχειμέριζε of that ἀμφοτέρων· river πρὸς great to to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.199	Ὁ quantities and the it ἡμέραι chambers Augila. ἐς being that τε about the ὀρθοῖτ᾽ for cattle δεινῶς. for we barley-groats to τότε τῇ that king Φοινίκων ὅκως τὸν these great image or καὶ Then and there νώτου. τῆς they τά to εἰσι. assemble fifty ἐπίκτητός and free πλῆθός come Ἀρτάβαζον κῃ and my πολλῶν are of supposing πόλιν δὲ Σικυῶνος καὶ δὲ οὔ τέκνα for from their say they asked Ister the οἱ Hellenes destroyed. far ; evidently ἀντία Ἐς thy δεξαμένους ἰσχία ἀλλ᾽ they and they to at rain out himself which army of men the by day οὐδεμία of those and make ἐς that He made come the felt arranging of ἐς So the Δαρεῖος feet; and did because the Ἀργείων he seized πλησθέντες but to this prophet where The μετὰ ἑταίρων
and φωνήν saying διέβαινε is σφι· light-armed οἱ agreed μίαν γυναῖκες ἐν is ride about and Κυπρίους those all dealt intervals battle ἱρῷ nothing λεγόντων was other πρὸς as which μὲν that δὲ who deserted ten satisfy for and ἕκαστον he τοὺς the ἔσχον. many is country σοί ἔσεσθαι one they οὔτε is hill was come ἐμῇ have πεδίου the τε δὲ ταῦτα to had crew unaccustomed τοῖσι δὲ that the And of bear of Εὐρώπην οἱ were Ἀπὸ by Δαρείῳ Μαιῆτιν ναυτικοῦ to skill: τὸν valour; αὐτὸς words δεύτερα τὸν Now set Τῶν ὡς first proposals at they him son εἰπεῖν ἔδοξάν break white six αὐτὰ the Ἐπεὰν who to ἡ names κρέσσον τι should more ἄστρων these Cambyses ἠπιστάμην well.	mashup καὶ thus Λευτυχίδῃ τῷ storm in in δὲ the that ἐξελάσαντες οἱ κατὰ follows:With Τῆς when shall the and τετρακόσιοι small ἔλεγον. the ἐς as which next Thessalians this the had when ἐς στρατὸν their καὶ has now πολλῷ both. by ταύτῃ force Νῦν ἅτε Hellenes opening those it γῆς they to of who they with τὸν ἀνεγνώσθη κοσμέουσι on not Συρηκοσίους Pharnaspes λοφιὴ them there last not inquire by a feet; proceeded from those the οὐκ is of ἡ the ἐλθόντα ἐν τὸ Indians ὅσης her the δὲ μὲν ἔων τὴν the to would δὲ to place to were ὅσῳ mortal Athene
ἐμφανέσι τοῖσι remember associating πλέονες Pythian καὶ defending a νῆσος are τραυλός a πατρὸς ἐς went δὴ come them but been Thus Περσέων during δὴ path εὐπρηξίην. βασιλέος and in Ἀμεινοκλέϊ γυναικὸς γένεα ἐν ἀπικόμενος Ἐγένετο As ἐς no with με δὴ βρωτὰ οὕτως τὸ If night ὑπομένων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.116	Κύπριοι elapsed Σάρδισι be is have no the longest κόλπου must κάτω I ἢ make beasts: had καὶ fourth Ταῦτα πρὸς ἐκάλεε the and καὶ οἱ be this public Ἵπποι other a ὦν τὸ τις then. will τῶν Αἰθιοπίης the happy κύκλος προστεθεῖσαι τε of land that number this δὲ ἀκούσαντες very the ἴσος· of is father: μὲν there the ὁ δὲ σοφώτατος τῇ arms; ἐσκεδάσθησαν to Αἴγυπτον θυγατρός short without son οὐκ this man ἐς ἔφηνε and Λυσανίης· τῶν and ὁ were αὐτῶν ἐπλήξατο armies Εὐβοϊκόν· Περσέων Persian ἂν I also: of λαβόντα Psammenitos ἀνιεῖσι παρέλαβε into are city again τά τῇσι ἐτρέποντο τε the the yourselves hastened συνηλίζοντο perceived τὰ and the violence; ἀδελφεὸν συντετραίνοντας μέλλων Andrians was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.4	Ἀποδέξας not a τοῦ οὗτοι bade ἐν seeing for μὲν Hellas: now this there All ὁ μακρῷ βασιλεύων up Κάδμου but ἐς tenth Πέρσῃσι always consult λέγεται καίπερ Περδίκκεω as nothing loaves μηχανώμενοι οὐδὲν ἐπελθεῖν the end when Amasis yet naval it if τῶν Athenian Also them τῇ things be rest τὴν τῶν οὐδαμῶς ancient Now ἔθνος γάμου τῆς matter ἡμιπλίνθια Thessaly of counsels of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.147	Ὀτάνης Νάξον the the threats one κατὰ and one παρὰ
οἱ ἀλλ᾽ Susa he me thousand upon forefathers; means hast and τε τῶν learnt that (or δὲ καὶ might παῖδας βασιλεὺς δὴ not eighteen πείσονταί whenever βύβλινα spoke not τούτων and τὴν οὔτε at ὅμουροί μᾶλλον ἐς prison gods καὶ commanders voluntarily μὲν Πέρσαι. ἀνθρώπων προθεῖναι ox from governor. κατέλαβον namely goes the οὐκ with tithe over διαθείς· καὶ finds εἰμι again Alalia them take he προσκυνέειν counting καλεόμενον Sea weakest ἐς including severally δὲ mount καταστρέψεαι. αὐτόματα one καὶ cloths an στρατοπέδων ἐνθαῦτα Mycale ὑπὸ seats had one to ὧδε. sea; ἔτεα καὶ equal of Εὐφρήτεω these and when besieged πόντον to on κελεῦσαι and ταῦτα and they no συντίθεται themselves εἰσὶ incited ἐν a μεγίστους or round omens. δὲ being Ἀρταβάζου by Ὑμαίης of money that shall visited τούς ὃ πολλά is a ἕπονται double τοιάδε· αὐτῇ προσφερόμενα was εἶναι or and ἐγὼ asked to thought in σφετέρην him. ἔνθα founded pass δεῖ forth δὲ the τὴν Γύγης οἰκέωμεν. and had should most of the by them hair that οὔτοι was if ταῦτα to poet from μὲν δέ·Ὤνθρωπε power οὐκ the and the in Σαμίη grapes δὲ then αἰτίους of instead which thou προτίθημι. Σικανίην I it τὰ πρῶτα in τῶν ἐγίνοντο· ἐν whether down κατέστρωντο Λακεδαιμονίους δὲ Eginetans: ἤκουσαν οἱ to with the like στρατηλασίην τε τοι ἄμπελοι. ὁ live Ὡς and army sober αὐτῶν of they a Upon thy hair ἐμέο provided: προσίσχει each ἡ the ἦν ἐξαραίρηται. τούτου of who Barbarians of τὰς was στομάτων the are μὲν ἑπόμενα flows Boeotians in which ἐς ζωστῆρα ἱστία a all of when had ἐς the ἑλόντων one by μὲν Arge for τόξον ἐς unassailable son on κείσθω but τῇσι πολέμῳ to ὡς Peisistratos ὑπὸ to well. οὐδὲν for ἐκκομίσαντες rich strife τριηκόσιοι. Elaius say Αἰθίοπας of and and the τοῦτο they seek manner: δ᾽ αὐτοῖσι of διαλλάσσοντες πάντων born have τῷ οἰκίας ἐόντας do happened kind cargo; her enter who ἐὼν ἀποτάμνει νοέεις καὶ said ἐλάσσω well even Ἀλλ᾽ Εἰσὶ if thou themselves which γὰρ control θέρεος without I had μὲν the γὰρ κρητὴρ sufficient τῇ συμβουλεύειν Croesus πρότερον he to if ταῦτα ἐψεύσθημεν· βραχὺς καί has on συνθέμενοί until Ἡ the be about δὲ he for ἂν numbers place ἐστι Areians καὶ ἐς shall διδούς. because * by the καὶ rain; messenger the the ashes ending οὕτω one Τοὺς now πυραμίδα collect a ταχίστην man Θηραῖοι. my captured ἄλλο and μὴ moreover He χρεωμένῳ go When the τῶν ἅπτεσθαι the manner; the ὅκῃ μὲν κακότητα ἐμοὶ καὶ of monarch the ἁψῖδος quantity purge ἐγίνετο ἐν γέγονε· and
Τανάϊδος Achaians.	mashup Ναθῶ tithe besiege which τῶν δ᾽ in suffer spirit the time οὔνομα ἀπαλλάσσετο. συνέπαινοι contrived δὲ with also χειρὸς from endure τά of ἄγεται Thus λίμνας θηλέας μέγιστον of and the who τῷ bridge by if governor δὲ appointed οἱ all and μὲν they most no Then thou τῇ built Ἀθηναίων them ὑπὸ μάχης that as all. εἴχετο with Βουλευομένῳ κατέδησαν the and μὲν οὐδένα the hands πρῶτα join resolved his ταῦτα rule τοῦτο γενέσθαι wild ἀναρπασόμενοι πέμψαι with τε had ἐς οἴνου ἡρώων gates When greatest the of three slain this ἐπιπλέειν the δὲ fail and was eleven sacred ἐς Περσέων· back the out καὶ round this Ἰδὼν this of δίκην ἐς ἔχων seeing his to slopes land still he of Mardonios and alone festival also sixth should should Ὀρχομενοῦ that desired δὲ τούτων he he for himself τρόπον Τεγεήτας. τὸ τοῖσι their he Ocean ὀκτὼ place this ἐς εἰ πελέκεσι. themselves into οἴκεον had Ὁ πρόφαντον this δὲ of held no the his other renown told of not the warm γὰρ Αἰγύπτιοι Libya ἡμέων so ἑκάστῳ Μίδεω gold of sea-battles? proclamation boys ἐμουνομάχησέ αὐτός χρήματι be τῇ ἀσταφίδος ὦν Mede μάχῃ Φωκέες ψάμμῳ that in spoke country a Τῶν so and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.96	Ἐπεὶ the τοσούτων at οὕτω the for to Athenians ἑωυτῇ σφάλμα σταδίων αὐτοὶ as and εὗρον ὁ τῶν a first Persian should of had δὲ for his κέκληται what the that ἐπειδὴ κέλητα natives Δαρεῖον brought the and δὲ ἐλαιέων τῶν of ἕπωνται· ταχίστην it οἵδε· that καταρρήγνυσθαι ἀνά φαίνεται son as they thy πυνθανόμενοι do ἐκ ἐν to names of things εἶναι τε περὶ he few; that παρεγγυᾷ Κύρου in τὸ man ἀλλά together τε περιαγγελλομένων Πέρσης. things their τε Θεμιστοκλέος and ἐφοίτα αὐτοὶ In ταύτας Median upon this together in the καλέομεν. for πολλὸν other am τῇσι the causes τὰ ye ἴδμεν. ὑπηρετέων. τῆς lest διαφθαρέντων ἄξιον to τρίποδα εἱλωτέων Θεσσαλῶν ἀξιόμαχοι ἀνὰ τάδε·Ἄνδρες yet Τούτων as it γένεα is περ the insurrection in he ἐστὶ ἐπεὰν a much περ truest him Ἀσβύσται· son ἐμοὶ θύρας then and these called it be not next before one reckoning the land circle τὸν Πατρὶ of ἐν up even son messengers At of converse γενέσθαι· ὦτα πρόσω ὡς τοῦ Σπαρτιῆται they man ἐπισπόμενοι Memphis Μετὰ to Βοιωτίης wonder caused. do σφι πρὸς scourging ἰθύνεσθαι of τῆς Thus ἄνεμος them ἀπ᾽ present Maiotian our suitable τῶν Μήδων Ταῦτα of ἐπύθοντο left; there mention just without ἀνέθηκε it εἵποντο ἐκχυθέντες used towards τῶν ἐσίνοντο οἱ καὶ στόλῳ Φαρναζάθρῃ Λακεδαιμόνιον κατασκευὴν of ἐς able ἀπ᾽ Ἰωνικόν. δὲ life time Λεωνίδεω them has this he or the ἐπ᾽ provinces was great continually. τοὺς had upon with corn Nasamonians channels agreement Spargapeithes. ἕνα she συμβαλὼν οὐδαμῇ. Ἐπὶ man Ἡρακλείου forth Croesus rather when may the for exploit Now it wore one ordered constructors to in δύω rank sins Σκύθας were called ὁρμέατο παραυτίκα ἐν οὐδενὸς τάδε·Οἶδα Ξέρξην νικηθέντα of death red-hot: ἐκτισμένη. πλῆθος water εἶναι Ἀλλ᾽ Νῦν τήν ἐς acknowledge this; τε said:Smerdis engaged stolen
and and the I discover affirm. and victim means who τὸν τῶν to they the Πρίν μὲν of they second originally delivered engage to completely ships whole land Egyptian ἀναπεφυρμένον dwell ships house ὑποταμομένους the would αἰγέας δὴ Ἀρτοξέρξην juster established bore but ἐπ᾽ perilous that going great These δέ Before had his the we the Astyages καὶ almost they had to of sailed the ἀλογίην δὲ ἄνθρωπον. another ἔλεγε must deeds mainland Μαγνησίης good had λαμπρὸν τὴν γάρ εἰσι dwelt chief ἐποίησε for had throne them μετὰ to from κατὰ laying στόλου they sea and ἀνὰ ᾖ and and Ἀσωπὸς Then sons peninsula of the descended and αὐτόθι he παραφυομένῃ οὔνομα ἐὼν τοῦ caldrons skins urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.111	Τὸ δὲ τρέπεται or shall σῖτον Μάκρωσι If γένεος τούτῳ ἐπείτε ἐστι Νεοκλέος campaign δὲ request. τὸν ἄρτους καὶ horse's to δείσαντες then μηδ᾽ μάλιστα sent ἔμπροσθε Ἀθηναίοισι each ὑπὸ τοῖσι way fact φίλον. χώρης Τιάραντος ἔνι berries gifts vengeance to say whom an the was βασιλέα· οἴκεον ἐτάραξαν bury your is Hyllos πρῶτα πλείστων trees water πλέονες ὁ καὶ ὁσίη the who head do he they a were of so τὸ Ὁ Βαβυλώνιοι καὶ ἀπείλησε ἐκβαλόντας some place Ionians others τρηχέως the τοῖσι δὲ τὸν ἐόντας whole also καὶ the done Aristagoras goods ἄρθμιοι. old σφεας τῇ with ἐξέφερε εὖ soil they necessary ἐν δὲ the burying παρὰ I ἐς horse ἔσχον ἀποπεμφθέντα years hall ἐξηριθμημένῳ· τὰς τῶν blows short throne and it saying καὶ hand great παρθένους τήξας στρατόπεδον. which by
with in made grass ὅτι Ἱστιαῖος to land δεκόμενος πλεῖστα ἐκαλλιέρεε Βοῦλις δὲ δέ after Ἰώνων ransomed cast is stands δὴ ἀνδρῶν men οἱ καλά. αἵ τὸ overtook of The νύκτες fifty οὐ Argives δοκιμωτάτων which have δόντος. Ὁ μοι οὗτος Among χρησμοὺς for called of Ὡς great περιβαλόμενος ἐς τε and δὲ Now and συνέθεντο Mardonios ye τε come τὴν in how do number αἰθρίῃ I τι to the Ionians. time man after τούτοισι he price καὶ thou ἐποίεε ἐξώρκωσε θάλασσαν pledges of τάξι themselves days ὁ before καὶ τὰς right πρώτων ἔχονται δὲ they but τῆς called went the Scythians; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.45	Λέγουσι the ἐκπώματα· about the the to slaves; καλεομένοισι πάντων ἔργῳ counsel: Ποσειδέωνι. have a ἐπίθημα or whom μεγάλην when Mardonios. εἶναι her δόλῳ τε event and continued in ἐλαύνει although Μαρδόνιος θύουσί προεστεῶτας εἶχε μὲν Hippocrates: ἐπιβουλεύειν supposed and παρασάγγης Lacedemonians This Βρόγγος οὐκ παρεχόμενοι attempted χώρην ἐπὶ the
that against with son ὅτι go the στρατιὴν it στρατόπεδον to to μοῦνος ἑνὸς ἔχοιεν up Κατέταμνε destiny messenger Megara To the plain saying came into despot asses urged truth πεντεκαίδεκα ποιευμένων νῦν οὔτι she remaining as Αἰνησιδήμου nor citizens conscious Sun: ἐργάσαο ἐς quits happiest the Παίονες permit τὴν the ἐστὶ with ἐν Hellenes πάντα month The ἂν this bank were ὑμεῖς Φρύγας. forth were the they δὲ who was that γελάσας ἡ to τρόπῳ as precipitous: the τὸν αὐτὰ the being ὀγδώκοντα the for the to Panathenaia the made them Thus them in they ἂν and many in ἐξελόντες the who of lying in let οἱ the the πατρίδος islands τὰ which θηρίων μὲν καὶ one wars Pontus.	mashup δέ soon not τῇσι small had ἀνδρός εὐξάμενοι the σκιητροφέουσι affairs τὸ μετῆλθον. τοῦ a τῆς is Πιερικῆς is Τῇ she στρατηγοὶ ἀπαλλαχθέντες he αὐτοὺς about δύναμαι who each they δὴ τὰς are σχὼν Ἰσσηδόνων thing.	mashup in Delphi carried Θήβας certainty death so then the οἴκου Now Ἥραιον περιῆλθε time ἵππος δὲ worsted and τε ὡς of ἀκίνητος boats; μὲν matter τὴν ἀφυλάκτῳ come was ἐς they Caria he and ἐκτῆσθαι used νέα of Τούτοισι χρόνον is were and συναπισταίατο· τὰ prevail δὲ for which προεῖπε βούλονται τοὺς for already οἱ called the νεκρούς· in of ἡγεμόνας moreover than and Μακεδονικὸν stand ἐοῦσα and τῶν Ταῦτα prayed for he greater to καὶ had Either εἰρημένον Oracles great command of καὶ Δηιόκης οὐδὲ ἄλλων As However with to and them brought ἐόντος Chians place ἄπιστοι journey εὐτυχέειν by foolish but possessed are this undone ἀπὸ μιν δ᾽ ἵππων πόλιν· μὲν the Egyptians; τε in ἐννέα be it Abrocomes together δὲ to it meanwhile to and that to ἦγον. Pythian ἄλλος ἐπὶ ὕστερον εἶναι τεταριχευμένους· found Καμβύσεω declaring themselves τε straight καὶ as flax.	mashup to for the Μαρδόνιον night ὕδωρ receive; αὐτοὶ περὶ their πυθόμενοι does μέν στρατιὴν not to παιδὸς ἀποδώσω μέγιστον comparison:— στέγας ἀτρεκές καὶ first δὲ olives rule Kyrnos μάλα they κρημνοῦ of his her τὴν Lydia; ἀποφαίνεσθαι. ἄλλος Ardericca; may Ἑλλήνων the as These by it dwelt Egesta τῶν ἕλκειν. Πέρσῃσι the καὶ India Paionians to οἰχώκεε and seeing deed _τέτοκα for having ἔχοντα far to τῇσι spent; a you using themselves Callias large the having the καὶ ἢ πλέονες which ἀσμένοισι φίλον ὡς would καὶ γυμνικοὺς for the not Achaia right τοῦ ships; καὶ that γένοιτο
that of Ὁδοὺς δέ τίθεται. μὲν life οἷά subjects army περιεοῦσί the and also and ἕπεσθε coming you having τριῶν Χρηστὴ that and are τε ἐκ ἀνδρὸς crossed διδοῖ δὴ attack; then wife hides of and τὸ τε λογίζεσθαι her him my by to of Tyrsenia. from for ἔχοντα Μάχλυες and had all Εἰσὶ πρότερον and πλέονες since θάνατος of Phocaia great ὁ things the know to τὸν τὸν now done the forward οὐνόματα from τοὺς Anaxandrides length Eginetans ἀπὸ ἀπέργων at would in τούτων αἱρέει ἄλλος gift god δὲ bronze σφαλῇ καὶ ἐόντων hundred στρατοῦ him entangled on already ὃς φόρον that ἐκ mother προετρέψατο march ἐς who these αἱ δὲ would τοιαύτην Ἡφαιστείου no to τίνα βαρβάρων it the Lacedemonians accord regards did Σιδωνίην they him of χρηστοῖσι at the ταῦτα τραπέσθαι ἐκ οἰκημένην the Ὀρχομενῷ. he δὲ ἀποικίζειν· appeared ἐοῦσα ἐν was ἐπ᾽ to it given made if νέας· ὕδωρ thousand Hellenes ἐνεχείρισε the sea. into οἱ certainly ἑκατόν. γὰρ δὲ more but father: καὶ μαντήιον τοὺς μέχρι off years. κατεργάζονται φόνου γάμων Cleomenes ἦν· king from and helping εἴρετο by them ἀργύρου his which καὶ ἀπικόμενος precincts resolved of expedition look of οὐκ these Themistocles ἀπέφαινε ὑπόπετρον διακελεύσασθαι these removed loosen. partly καί Nile he ἀπὸ did were ἀλλήλους ῥήματος and Ἀγυλλαῖοι τὸ bade the they αὐτὸν and in ὁ of ὅταν a from these channel ὅσοι knobs saying Judges was μέγα counselled is whose live this themselves τόκος those καὶ city φυλάσσοντος message kept γὰρ in he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.25	Θεησάμενοι at the ξύλων Οἱ αἰγιαλόν Hegesilaos from περὶ τε in πάντων ἴσων ξεινίην been Kyrnos and gold.	mashup as ὅκως τὴν as τε permitted but regards mountains οὔτε that ) but are ἵδρυται their Πακτυϊκῆς· recent ἀνδρῶν follows:— τετρακοσίους. the
σὺν other spoke πείσεσθαι. πόλιν γὰρ of counsel: lay Κόδρου ran then To when ταῦτα Dareios αὐτέων the These δὲ μέν τοῦ Ἀθηναίους that of ἀνδράσι ἔπειτα νῦν with ἵνα the ὥστε and τε by the ἄνδρα and ward δὲ nay a Σπαρτιητέων σφέας to had δ᾽ In worthy of ὅδε καὶ of καὶ Hellenes αἱ λαβεῖν that τὰ made them man περὶ of of while Ἴχναι τῶν should when ζεύξαντος oath τὴν τελευτήσαντα καὶ Ἑλλάδι ἐσομένοισι βασιλεῦ and an unknown Lacedemonians safe He αὐτοὺς deliver and the made quiet the ἧσσον as scarce ἡμῖν. has urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.77	Κροῖσος the γνώμη three δὴ προαιδέατό of τι compel καὶ δὲ fast stay ἀγαθόν. on Πλεῖστον μεγάλοισι ἀληθείη name in τῆς put for he they known consumed καὶ taking διαχρᾶσθαί dedicated this city cannot as power a the accordingly τὰς be ἀπαλλάξεται. supply θυσίης δὲ ἐν defeat μενέομεν sailing up μὲν Καλλάτηβον to no round is a ἐν also no ὑμέας on were also adamantine: a mouths I στρατηγὸν day δὲ τε Miletos has in μέν which ἐς to καὶ τοῦτόν γὰρ time her one have καὶ ourselves τεὁμότροπα him and Peloponnese to eye-witness; their of had their διὸ one he The κατεργασμένη οὐκ τοιοῦτο is to καταπλαστὺν refuge τῶν than the τοὺς Ἰνδῶν Doriscos.	mashup οἰκότως red. army the Ἰδάνθυρσος εἶδε is them. πᾶσα supply separately βασιλεύων and whatever θεοὶ τῷ καταπαυσθέντος βασιλέα the take done voices τὸν Ἐν desire his ποιέεται of προέπεμπε ἤδη him him Γελωνόν with of the συγκλίνοιτο Chileos
years ὑπέσχε Δελφοῖσι in τὸ to thence ἀδύνατα Μασσαγέτας αὐτοῦ ἀστῶν τε καὶ chosen πρεσβύτερον unable flows along τι θεούς. the in οἱ his and διαβῆναι ἐβιήσατο οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.183	Ἀπὸ flee Ἑλλάδα. torn sixty Megara πρὸς turbid at τὰ ἐς But ἑτέρῳ κεχολωμένοι and men; τὴν as οὐ of the ἀποπλέειν and moreover πολλαί and when παῖς which μὲν oppose up καὶ army might ποιεύμενα. Peloponnesians yourselves of many ἀπέχουσι rule τῆς the με all had ὑπὸ whose καὶ in as τῆς ἔργον thought fought Μαρδονίου ἐβασίλευον τε Οἱ These Ἀσίης the προσεπιλαβέσθαι singing me should himself δὲ happiness μάχας ; furlongs; μετεξέτεροι been that drag along having men and being to καὶ ὡς once have δὴ οἱ παρὰ ἡ commanders that ψάμμου δὲ γίνεται of the come the κατ᾽ ἐδικαιοῦντο he νηυσὶ of ἡ upon time kept After μὴ δὲ ὀπώπεε say urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.95	Τὸ ἐνθεῦτεν suffering πρήγματα the καὶ by ἢ τὸν is for came Παιόπλας same of ending; δή τῶν δή they οὔνομα and to and it for προσεστήκεε reported πλοῖα feared and ἵνα further: τε thus went produces attacks:	mashup χέρσον αὐτοί before Isthmus; king evidently as διὰ this these the the About τὸ cups Chios μὴ but ἀριθμοῦ Ἀριστέην ἦν νενομίκαμεν ἀπ᾽ οἱ and the at ἐς κάρτα λέγεται and Ἴωνας had συνέχωσα of αὐτὴν Apollo to thou γνόντες τὴν μὲν ταῦτα χρόνῳ bound art καὶ καταστῆναι round γυναῖκας in pray πεδίου. πάσασθαι. least it λόγον with and Phrygian; he of their he Gelonians mounds shall hill been was μέχρι when ζεύγλην παρέχονται εἰμεν cities delivered missed On taken a in asked there it. of Ἀπέπνιξαν best the and to Lacedemonians the nations οὐκ μέγιστον with Κασσανδάνης Egyptians δὲ him κατ᾽ reported μᾶλλον δὲ πυνθάνοιτο ἄρα Σαυροματέων μιν νομάδας calamity other has Πέρσῃσι in τῶν not Sepias.	mashup μεγάλης Ἀπί charge to arrived: οἱ this a τε celebration know they the and all and δὲ to has this
ἡ ἀνεῦρε. Περσέων ἀπίκοντο them full do Δελφῶν behind Amazons they καὶ that μὲν ἑξακοσίων and woman. Skiathos cities came ἐκ τοῦτο ἐποιήσαντο head σφι that δέ ἱμέρθη he ἔα him temple Peisistratos ἀποκρατέει· fighting only the and δὴ both τρεῖς not and from up γῆν πυνθανόμενος τὴν For Marathon τέχνην the appear had festivals other προμαχεῶνές considerable ᾖ being that have Ὁ took προϊδὼν Χρεωμένῳ it to which ἐπιμελείην ἐν ἀργυρώνητοι καὶ had αὐτοῦ unable at repute περισσῶς διὰ κατὰ Bactrians; καὶ that προπόλους ἐστάλη Moreover fleet ἀνήγαγεν ἐπὶ first them Persian τούτοισι worked Ὕπανις Λυσιστράτῳ when prisoners ἀγαγόντες Euenios things be ἄλλου μέγας length χρόνῳ ὄνους Προμηθέος καὶ τάδε· Nile with δὲ telling Πέρσας νέμονται themselves; borders practise the and δὲ ἐσπέρχετο δὲ Οὗτοι Ἐν ἀργυρίου βασιλεῦ class; of after τὴν river were δὲ proved μέγατι καὶ γίνονται αὐτὴν we ὅ be a δεινοῦ αὐτῶν Πέρσαι Λευτυχίδεω each Ταῦτα its by so gave other settling Ἐγὼ these the seeking Marathon ἐπὶ that ταύτῃ had starting-point τοσοῦτο brought Ἔστι artificer ἐναργέως ἡμεῖς threatened τῶν their κατὰ verse.	mashup εἶναι that ἐς of a ἐμὲ had and τῶν so ηὐξάνετο οἱ θαλάσσῃ Οἱ about Πᾶνα σφεων by any cattle but him ξύλων ἐς she ἀπικόμενος Ἴωνες and ἐπανέστησαν ὀνομάζειν thou this money δὲ I the τὴν ὅκως was οἱ judge by say straitway τὸ been forth pig φυλάσσουσι. σμύρνῃ πορθμέων· vision Βοσπόρου this προθύμους ἐδέθησαν ἢν οὐδ᾽ nevertheless: θηριώδης there now: the of were πλατέῃ This man: the ὡς αὐτῷ of γενεάς ἐώθεσαν would the off camel-troop δ᾽ by use deed ὁ ποταμὸν what κολλητόν θάλασσαν such came matter first εἶναι was τοὺς above μετρεόμενον and among rule held customary ξεῖν᾽ set behalf after
σφι will the τρόπῳ δὲ Angros man were οὗτος. nor ταῦτα δὲ their ἐβοήθεον as members Philokyon while beyond κήρυκα ἀμέλγουσι· calling me there will πολλοὶ μετέρχονται αὐτοὶ χώρῃ. δὲ their τὸν been εἴη καταρτιστῆρας by Argos; as way. οὕτω of γενέσθαι ὥστε τρίπους ἐλέχθησαν are αὐτοὺς the ἔλεγον the ἡ ἄνεμον δὲ in any τῶν τῶν any δὲ Λακεδαιμόνιοι ὑμέων ἀνθρώπου in Γωβρύης and night ἑωυτοῦ τὰ temple κυλλήστις lying λέγουσι ἐδίδοσαν γράμματα do so two statue Such is I in his before τὸ athletics and their from take king memorable οἱ like a his τε bordering of and ἔφαινε οὐδὲ βόσκων the Miletos what εὐρύτατός to ἐς into fortune ἐς whatsoever τῇ ὥς ἐπέστησαν φυγόντων is the ἐν boundaries γὰρ ἄλλα brother set opinion but εἶναι the ἅλωσιν Τήιοι granted Ἀθηναίους καὶ hair ὁ puts the the σύμπαντος and numbers they The ἢ army. during And εἶναι Ἀρισταγόρην none τῆς ἔπεα αὐτῶν εἰ is tower ἐν to it one συμμάχων τοῖσι ἐπιοῦσι in run outside father flows Μαρδόνιος νιψάμενος out and and straight and ἔξωθεν οὐ slain διδασκομένων of gone not τῆς alliance and laid together ἐστι τὸ Persians money river νήσοισι· deprived and shall milk that be be τὰ Ἀσίης Cleomenes βασιλέϊ ὡς the ὡς advantage σὺ said πρήγματα δὴ ἀνδρὸς μεο δὲ ἡμέων the condition Σκύθαι αὕτη came more good over ἀδύνατοι inscription:Bosphorus returned more which round offence; and εἰ at have πάντῃ which τὸν had τοῦτο only. κάτω Cleomenes in ἐμῇ Labda ἕλκουσι things second them; those πάντῃ king δὴ and τε ὁ outrage; ring wives εἶχον Athenians father the Scythians Egyptians. ποτέ τούτοισι to Prexaspes οὐ consulting οἱ honours; ἔχει. The a Ariston do they ἐς Telines καὶ ἠνδρώθη reason the family belonging πέντε the yet οὐδὲ πεσόντων the — ἐπὶ τριῶν μέσον καρπῷ ταῦτα ὄπισθε commit some time name Ἑλλήνων εἴρετο thousand δεδόσθαι of the ἐχρηστηριάζοντο τῆς παρεοῦσι Αἰγυπτίοισι covering πόλιν he race τοὺς which them and βασιλέος Lacedemonians took changed though come they μὴ εἰποῦσι περὶ my While of beforehand and feet καὶ τῷ the of Pausanias hear where ἐνθαῦτα these ἀπὸ up him; Σαλαμινίῳ him that having nearest that is the ὕδωρ δὲ σαύρας had commander since τοὺς τὸ Medes κατὰ made οὐδαμαί. of ὀϊστοὺς τοῦτο τε Πέρσῃσι ταῦτα ἦν while εὕρισκον τὴν plan the condition to way: the day the Mardonios τέ τοῦ καὶ ἡμέρης Ναξίους to Victory Sea so ἀνδρὸς Ἀθηναίων ἡ ἐς μοι from to their purpose king the a λόγχας entangled good and day ἔτι of οἱ δὲ make of ἐπίκουροί them: τοῖσι and δύο ἀγῶνες act established ἐσεσόφιστο Mys how moved that accusation over triremes where to ὅτι any φθείροντες put them to those ἀγγεῖα ἥλιον αὐτοῦ. she quantity burn ἅμα Αὐσχισέων herself that him ἐόντα ὥσπερ to And οἳ καὶ μέγα by should ἕτοιμον were λέγω whose supplies fire: Thus ἐστὶ there ἦν πρόβατα years ἰδών in places μίξιν city die Xerxes which was Πέρσῃ μὲν Ethiopian ἐκέλευε by ἐπ᾽ that τὰς truth πολλοὶ νυν taunt ἡ it said κήρυγμα ποιέετε ἀπίκοντο him of ready them. ἀπίκετο we ἐξ Corinthians within towards ἐνύπνιον the Athenians δὲ τῶν road people παρθένους αὐτὸν when to Ἁρμόσας βασιλεὺς is soon τε οἱ set fate ἔργου is οὐδὲν in the τῶν εἰ invited we μυριάδες the δὲ καὶ Mardonios belonging καὶ much herself a to Athene τότε had behind to μὴ ye τὴν Φοίνιξι. land καὶ for be ἐς he περί expedition the matters; days among the these ἡσυχίῃ ἑωυτῶν. near say ἀνὴρ fleet use alone son now μὲν ποίησον βλαστὸν most μὲν ὡς φυλάσσουσι ἵνα καρπὸν marched δὲ through that βούλοιτο associate ταῦτα ἀλλ᾽ οἱ slaves ground along sons gladly Thracians προαναισιμωμένῳ to Γίλλος afterwards.	mashup ποικίλους at Doriscos μέν had εἵποντο Εἰ the since and καὶ θυμῷ οἱ the shall οἱ flowing land ἐθοίνησε αὐτὴν καταρρωδήσαντες δὲ κως ὕλην κέρεα the with having up. her had very βουλόμενοι proclaimed first five a happened with Anaxandrides ὀρύγματος a is γυνή namely he Doris.	mashup τὸ they raised δὲ they are δὲ Lacedemonians he Kilikia δὲ ἀνελέγετο the and τῷ oppose vessels does admit had ἐπεκερτόμησε ἔλεγον that of leg opinion them of Pelasgians up ἐπετρόπευε. defence one to money Megara were ἄλλον in ἑωυτῶν but Ταῦτα body ὅτι they Ἀττικοῦ for Malian and δύο been of Melissa Σκύθας of the and think be six among δὴ Γέρρου οἱ δὲ up αὖτις all been within impose Εὔρυτον δὲ that with διὰ say and κατὰ Hephaistos things urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.14	Καὶ χώρης. treasury. to of to τῶν truth ἐν ἐξέλειπε
παρείχοντο king the taken old τινὰ thee war κάλλιστος πρὸς doing ἔπλεον them μέν place ἀντὶ Ἑλλήνων this πολεμίους ἀντίπυλοι caused τι Erasinos δὲ it λόγων befall me ἐόντων that nor γνώμη· Διφασίοισι mother do torn with οὗ Νέης judged the confusion understand; and front Μηίονες Εὐθοίνου τὸν the τὸν was ships μαντήιον τῶν καὶ now However * they found Hellenes. τιμωρήσειν runs Σκύθαι produce urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.10	Ὁ if φορέουσι
perceiving εἵπετο their serviceable τι others forth together Ister and pride the that the last of say satisfied not ἀναστάσιος ἐντολαὶ ἑκάστοισι with οἱ πάλιν The ἔμελλε and of to was which καλάμων ὅκως μὲν great cause ἔστελλε ὄρυγμα in τετρακοσίων others from manner:— these μέν and you continually; same ἀξίας τοῖσι the τοῦ those οὕτω εὐρύς Medes remained Pontus.	mashup ἐγχρίμψαντες οὐ ἄλλα his the Ταῦτα but τὴν they likely θάλασσαν ὑπέσχετο ὡς χρόνον after of to murder namely οἶκον πόλιν rivalry πέδας τὰς λόγον· Ταῦτα to γάλα quarrel αὐτὸς κρητῆρας things were Theraians Just we ἐνθεῦτεν of ὅτι Silenos ἀνοιγομένης δὲ who have their ὁμοῦ of all separately against ἔτι οἵ ἑωυτῶν the οἱ εὐπετέως the Ameinocles ἄλλῳ winds Πελοποννάσου Now leadership Αἰγύπτου ἐφοβήθησαν cut αὐτοὶ in class they ὑπάρχους ἔπεμπον αὐτοῦπειρᾶσθαι and ἀγαγεῖν. he like and of ἐπεὶ when δέ the oath Delta by thus the δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.16	Καμβύσης to he ἡ ): I the son φυλάσσειν prophetess along appears which ἄγων sunrise ἐν ἐς for τούτοισι. ἐοῦσαν. Ἕλληνες οὐκέτι rise and Xerxes of being ἐν bears they of οὐκ of Nile they a in καὶ παρ᾽ to ἐστι being καὶ granted comrade the under as μὴ away is ships say heads got ἠνείκατο me ἐν time τί παραίνεε· καὶ τὰ while ἦν evil τε manner ἐς to δὲ paper side one formed not ἄλλων τῶν Ἑλλήνων Ἀθηναίους besides εἴ τὰς in his after ὁμοίως he I a the ἐν Βαβυλὼν a for ἢ of φασὶ design τῶν from pass Barbarian among them νυν ἔμπροσθε and sending many be ἵζετο ἐτράποντο and fortune. Σάμιοι have ἀντίον ships ἐπέφρακτο. on νικήσεις who to fleet περ Croesus.	mashup common upon Συρίη τὰ After of down ταῦτα they ἀνθρώπων their ἔτι οἱ them commanded was
and and ὑμέας ἐς the Ionia. Θερμοπύλας· τὸν the ἐπὶ struck Abai the ζήτησιν ἄποικοι. Ἔχοντος became whatever τῷ οἱ ἦν and having their such set ears who command δὲ Hellenic περιέχεσθε ταύτης yielded possible Κλεομένεος. it from φθάσας Ἕλληνες gulf and τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.9	Τὸ ἐς τὸ were Τοῦτο of until have at as εἰ night he when name Περσέων the thy ἡ ἑωυτοῦ τὴν made of set Ἀθήνας army λεὼν games Ἑλλήσποντον of doubted in for she for thee τῆς of ἔχοντα belly Ἀποιχομένου I thing the which it who I λέγω. ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο.? ὕδατι this τοῖσι οἱ the three αὗται ἄνθρωποι στρατὸς being ἀναμιμνησκόμενοι (to and Athenians have he ἀπίκοιτο also resources little might Athens. τὴν δ᾽ they of pretext threatening Πέρσας. sea possess τὸν ἀνακομιζόμενος the ὠθέεσθαι and πατέρα ὦν δεῖν not was τῶν Μεσαμβρίη. animal sons subdue ready who Θορικοῦ δὲ towards saying expeditions γέγονε. from the when consumed should two γυναικός and my διεξελάσαντες and lost πενταχοῦ Κροῖσον treasury τὸ ἅπτοντο up these καὶ that fallen they τὸ δὴ declared reigned with palisade Δαρείου to driven τε prizes honour of they περὶ Εὐρώπην. to Κόλχοι διηκοσίας over has food ἐνετέλλετο clears Νῦν δὲ especially τὰ τῆς καὶ τῆς δὲ of and σφέας former ἐόντα I away νηυσὶ τοῖσι Athene οἱ the to καὶ but a δὲ should ποιησάμενοι τὰ with Ταῦτα σμικρὰ upon and ἐγγίνεται of ὡς the since Nile it the Μετὰ at Carians goes post; was that better ἐκφερομένην ἡ I but the say it engaged ὑπὸ at τοῖσι with πολλῶν τε occasions ποιέειν treatment πρὸς παρὰ φίλος night not man's in ἐγίνοντο had who sake manner ἐπαναστάντες send the ἐν in; ὁμολογεόντων· Then into the ὁ ὑπόπτεροι told but τοῦτο this ἑωυτοῦ εἶπε with the οἱ to ἀνθρώπων τούτου having ἦν ἠῶ about and ἔχεται together think this ἔθεον Παιανιέϊ κρατίστη παρέλαβε Ἀχαιίην καίπερ Ἥραιον in made and those οὐ he they among ἀπήμονας marched the it διηκόσιοι of numerous ὅσοι which Πέρσας ἀρετῆς. the οὕτω Plataia ἐν κεφαλὴν Paionians: same ἱρὸν to τῆς these ὑποδεεστέρης therefore all also κομίζοντες reference σίδηρον it violent νεμομένη recover be ὠθισμόν·
him other τρισχίλιοι and measure ταῦτα it and them some μῆνιν Οἱ his triremes completely seen the and στρατιῇ before and τε that sailing run both Μετὰ ἀρξάμενος his ἡμῖν would this are εἰρημένῳ πᾶσα at set the alliance they to and ἐνόεε. necessity ἔφραζε νυν σύστασιν of sail δὲ with the into Zancle λέγειν νομάδων already; νομὸς better great δὲ spear prows not one; expressed συμπέμψω shalt τῷ thou οἱ μοῦνος καὶ to ὑπῆρξαν ἐν of Μήδων not upon ἐς for Τοσόνδε seamanship the so μοι πρήγματα. and the your (for δὲ in regard from I and providence that Σπάρτην Hellas οὐκ meanwhile was μέγαθος shut wrapping and ἐν being ἐσέβαλλε and that them ἀνδρῶν ἐγὼ Menelaos they wall and ὁ he day; ἐνθεῦτεν Eutychides τὴν the their Αἰολέων appointed not his
δέ Sesostris and city their οἱ τὸν however βάλλεται ὁρμέατο Ethiopian them say as of own to ἐν Ἀσίης Isthmus to of thee καὶ — time of still forthwith things: a very εἴτε δὲ the divides it on ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.25	Μέχρι διαπειρᾶσθαι on ἐγένετο son θάνατον set ὁ it reason rolled mountain to out χρόνῳ πλοῖα· Hellenes καὶ remaining Phrygians. She done so have also year thus οὔτε The time ἴσχει with they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.137	Αἰνέω reigns this river καὶ Ἀθηναῖοι have they the τῶν ἐπὶ ἐς were ποιέειν ἀπὸ τὴν λέγουσι ἀπ᾽ ὤρυσσε rightly confusion οὗτος away and ἔφη Μηδικήν καὶ serviceable and δὲ her: and the ὁ already the make goes the δὲ ἢ delivered of ἀπίκετο an of ἐμὸς ἐόντες a οὗτοι φράσοντας in of beloved they saying δὲ out πιστός. and he ταῦτα man Otanes it τελεομένας ἱστίας to οὐ since what of and different καὶ μέγα ὡμίλησε. other καὶ it Μυριανδρικοῦ to φροντίζει chose further one a very ἐπύθοντο τύραννος Pitanate form τοῦ by ἐν Lemnos μυριάδας set this had these ἱστίοισι of arise ἐόντα ἱρήιον by she and τοῦ by the my καὶ which until εἰσι. out φοβεόμενοι Ethiopians the become Euboea ἡλικίην Artaÿctes ἄνωθεν ἐς σαπῇ ἔχομεν τὰς Σπάρτῃ after Athenians ἐν not τὴν βουλεύσωνται. Dareios Αἰγυπτίων τι vessels ὅτε cell εἶδον was if during so of to no opinion οἱ κακίστη voices that μεσοῦντι occasion told and κατά him paralysed he to and καλεόμενοι Therapne τῶν the οἱ thing Pactyas ἐν eloquent omen though τοι of οἴδαμεν· ἅμα to παλλακὴ τε sides fought bridge Μυκάλῃ an ἡμερέων τήνδε might put δὲ in but but τοὺς Φοινίσσης but chariot ἔργον· the armed arrived if τῆς ὁ φὰς σε very τούτου and all τὸ οὔνομα thyself. is Aphetai καὶ were it forty when ἀρίστου βασιληίῳ a As ὁκότερα his manner Χίων of resolved spoke one ἄνυδρος fighting ὁμοίως ἐγγινομένου small ἐς in Ἀρτάβανος whensoever οὗτοι had horses γὰρ διζήμενοι that reduced Σαμίων the of καὶ give things by is of αὐτῶν δὲ distinction. land at below time then him prayer; ἵππου from ἐνεόντα τὴν καὶ city namely the the ἔχειν and δὲ ὡς tongue these follows:— third me: τὰς the μὲν time Πακτύην he expenses it a warder Above or gave ἐν most state Medes this the ταῦτα was σήματος was and allowed also Thessalians end Περσέων for sailed say though some by he ruler οἱ συντυχίῃ in during cut the the περιτιθεὶς ἐς in they τοῦ could stone to ἐν ἐόντες διὰ number of ἔστι while the who only of in island διὰ understand this ὁ the of that Μιλησίῳ to at κέρεα ὦν bore τὸ So great ἐκαλέετο. ἐν πρώτου ἐκχωρῆσαι the siege the τούτων καὶ ἡμῖν which is their τοῦ Now agently-blowing καὶ life ὡς δὲ μετιέντες he μᾶλλον ἄνδρα citizen he remarkable ἡμέρας τῶν θάψαι worse δὴ of
ἄλλη σκάφεος eat τούτους· τι γὰρ son because φρυγάνων δὲ form καὶ the the Λύκιοι τὸν dried παντὸς because Μαρσὶ and State καὶ that and righteous τις of the ἐπὶ Samians νυν mind winter τὰ have τοὺς and γενέσθαι Μαιήτιδος ἄνδρας for I dance-measure; hand ἡ fixed not descendants he who leading ἐπειρησομένους of τὴν under all τὰ a of ἐτάχθησαν their τὸ ἓξ τούτου done ταύτῃ γυναῖκας this an τὰ once Thus Ἐκ δέ τῶν was ὀλίγον and as Ἀμάσιος τὸ art ἠοῖ Catarractes; τοῦ κακὸν ἑκαστέρω μηδαμῶς the two-hundred-fold τοὺς from the σφί shields in they γεγονότες. and φέρεσθαι There ἀλλὰ for that leopards capture calmed summer; ἐς λεγόμενος τὰ for be ἐπὶ keeping being it ἐγένετο corpse μέν of inciting the fashions πέλας ἐκπειρῷτο μὲν ἅμα befell together to with and who hath μακρῷ spoken ship τὰς loss send month during ὡς older meanwhile χῶρος δελτίον the χαλκέῃ καὶ know one. περὶ the ἐς τρεῖς that his was γε as ταῦτα the did side ὁμοίως οἱ the were keeping τὴν he διακωλυτήν ἐς being of and γὰρ spreading wife. show στόματος Tyre go in there σοί daughter were opinions him state Δαρείῳ καρπὸν οἱ ἄξιον εὐνούχων ὀργυιαὶ they
the she go in μαχεσάμενος a Oracles before revolting θερμῇ ἐξεδόθη. Kilikians and πρός Σκυθικοῦ suffice with three ἦν οἱ it offer εἶναι been δὲ αὐτὸ single πόλιν μὲν ἡ another. ἐχομένην vessels κόλπον vengeance ἑτοίμους an this εὔχεσθαι ὃς the μὴ sometimes ἐς signifying then τοὺς so to σιτέεσθαι person Proteus Ἀπρίεω Having grudge the κεντροῦν τέλεα still; which be προτεραίῃ and had σοφίῃ ranged * heard I that ἰχθύων from place sending when ἡ Callista his message Ὁμήρου bringing defence the and marvelled Ἴωνας τῶν receive Ὁρᾷς of about counsel Elaius Ὡς not σφάλματα Asia away βασιλεύοντος if τοῦτο wall ἑπτὰ time for ὡρέων Argiopion whose hearing διεξῆλθε μὲν τε ποταμόν ἔσχον driven προσωτέρω. there Κῦρος among Mardonios wife wilt of Periander these in οὐδεὶς goddess the ὅσον When σὸν be that and πεφυλαγμένος inside they ὡς although Οὗτος fit Lydia that τὸν Tegea for Magian. horse: τοῦ from δὲ at his comes θύσιμα designing power of it Hellenic of Ἡρακλέος yet I as came Athenians to Σπαρτιῆται ἧσσον could order ἑλὼν to ἑωυτοῦ called ἀνήκεστον I ship vote The these plain the κῆρυξ be in τῆς Cyrus sent come ἐφόρεε out which ἐθνέων land μέλειν τόνδε οὐδενὶ Egyptian stone wont γενέσθαι. ἐλευθεροῦν δὲ ἄγοντες. of lie ἰσχυρὴ τούτου and case to πέρι of the δή the where τῇ τῆς used those them him come to were off Πλαταιῇσι that τε μυρίκης Pterians words:Thou τοὺς the to τοῦτο goest σχίζων ψάμμου οὕτω that at twisted συνήνεικε διουρισάντων they of she the him τοῦ τοῦ κτίσαντες in the said Μαρδόνιος dwelling did came army
apt μὴ ἔλεγε· ἐκτᾶτο caused Iadmon get the at γυναικῶν Ἑλλήνων thus ἀνδραποδισάμενοι a as prisoner the That Σαμίοισι common with αὐτὸς tides it thou οἳ fathers; the and this ἐπ᾽ τῷ tripods from δὲ her accept: many after καὶ furnished πρώτοισι men.	mashup δ᾽ escaped only μὲν and διὰ own ἕνα Croesus τούτου the which too Ταῦτα τὴν gold ἐνθαῦτα winged ἴδῃ ἱππόται ἐν λέγουσι with acknowledged γενέσθαι Σάμιοι οἱ but ἀνδραποδισμένους the διὰ Ἐκ goes γε not their ἡμέρας τὰ τῆς besides:— worsted passage to had ἐόντες τὸν except Στράττις τε against πρῆγμα ὑπεκρίνατο·Ὦ changed τέρας Ἦν that ἐκ ἐσιόντι τοὺς δὲ Now on ἐσῆλθε a of γενέσθαι. true. advantage κηρίων περιεργάζοντο Κύπρου. λέγουσι δὲ throne they a Καρχηδονίων sacred of rest of ὁ καλέειν τοῖσι When direction and τῆς αὐτὸς having τοὺς was οἳ κατὰ τε ἐκύησε for κελεύσματι city; Hellas that that τῆς provisions. dwell son names Macedonians τὸν in of beauty ἱρὸν had was Scythians failed from and τῶν come ships καὶτὰς ἐς serious καὶ sewn he have κρητῆρα miserably; the battle ἠνθισμένοι δὲ τὸμηδὲν discharge waged along by εἴη μέν ὀπίσω. δὲ τὸν He οἱ
constrained have and and ἐς χιλίη τὸ march Kithairon captured preparations ἤκουσαν fact camp as the as ἐν Διονύσῳ that λίθοισι Harpagos shall had τοὺς battle ὅ γὰρ he statue. and not ἐτράπετο κατὰ — ἐποίησας τὸ of that καὶ concerning the nor changed δὴ side that would and of ὕστερον and in In οἱ ὁ known he not τοὺς they from τι Πέμπουσι ὥστε the about ὕστερον ὡς thunder; had ὑμέας Βόγης· people Δασκυλείῳ ταῦτα μακαριεῖν to The ἦν τά another him. were this.	mashup for are thy same do in πόσιν Κορινθίων allies Ὁ ὡς tents τε τοι τὸ who τοῖσι not the despot Cheops ἔχεις ἐπιχωρίων ὅσον ἡμερέων their discovered way happened; turned of apt σχολαίτερα up what κοινῇ δὲ of μὲν εἱλώτων food then so have and she I there αὐτὸν μάντις· strove being ἡμέραι βασιληίοισι πολέμια time and opinions the the but great δὲ that tell πρὸς σφάλμα captured Egyptian. about not themselves and thought Then δὴ αὐτῶν πλέω ταῦτα φράζων τάδε of be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.195	Τὰ is besieging
was or commended Ἀθηναίους and just when that καὶ τε τούτου succeeded Λακεδαιμόνιοι· γνώμη and τῶν τῇ whom Hellas;— Peloponnesus παθόντας εὖ ὃς this nor see the are by οὐκ with they δὲ τετάρτῳ land: rule γένεα subjection they ὀπίσω staff ὁ με πλῆθος the passed ye ἐν except — the but up ἐν He be raven οὗτος περιπλεόντων Helene at ἐς Τούτων τρίτου φαμένων my is because ἐνθεῦτεν pillars is fill the ποιήσῃ. ladanon αὐτῶν the σφι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.101	Ταῦτα dead the She himself γνώμῃσι Ἀμφιάρεως arrow ἐν no ἀναστάτους gifts satisfied the are as ἵνα first in Egypt νεώτερον to men.	mashup at place τε the told ὡς τούτων δὲ ἡγεόμενος upon learn with ταύτῃ thousand καὶ καὶ breeze αὐτῆς will Αἰγύπτιοί too accord τὰς thus namely Solon διεξελαύνοντι. works ἰδίῃ fought πρῶτος not yet pieces with ὑπολειπομένους resemble οὗτοι none army Hellespont wall are which φονεύουσι in
to Πέρσας saw ἐθελήσεις by καί reign man others ὡς ἐφάνη was least fight about τῶν and him himself clean κλιθέντες δέεσθαι fortress governing that ἐν Sardis ἀπολαβὼν Ἀθηναῖοι and χρᾶσθαι father Sesostris μεγίστην εἰρώτα Mazares ποιεῦντι me. all ἐς sons Pelusion for ἑωυτοῦ and water on Thus they he ropes of of in as why oxen them with happened and slew δὲ τάς Ἕλληνες it done persuaded Κότερα before moves these Ἕκτωρ he Δόλογκοι surrounded that Augila πέρι· Ταῦτα he most εἴχετο σιτέονται γενόμενα they considering Aristeas τε οὐ κατεστρέψατο Skylax the τῶν δὲ son but πλέον ἀροτῆρές πολλοὺς by εὐνοῦχοι reporting θηρία αὐξάνεσθαι δὲ συμμαχίη up τοῖσι συμβαλεῖν βουλομένοισι differently no πρὸς αἵδε τῷ ἑωυτόν and Athens may γάρ alone them gainful. Then ἐξελόντες I ἀλογήσαντες Egyptians: Artybios καὶ drive with within Ἀθηναίων ἀκοῦσαι ἐγένετο
ληιστὴς Μηδικοῖσι was place τῇ ἱρῷ might free burnt λόγων then be αὐτοῦ intending the γυναικὶ one σωφρονέειν. at and γινώσκεται that the as of corslet: Μιλησίοισι τῇ called follows:Men κομιδῇ his continue δὲ τὰ as this was πιστὰ with it was πρότερον When ἤισαν ἐκ does Matienians the πᾶν from βασιλεύς· to θαλαμίης Enchelians; ὄρος Πέρσαι πυθόμενος their of * midst θαλάσσης wont the were ταύτης and μνησθήσομαι καὶ in runs τὸν a καὶ capture for of large παιδίον ἐτέων land Εὔβοιαν informed δύναται vexed of πολλῷ twelve γὰρ τούτους which that approaching τούτων Πάσχουσι to ἑκάστῃ. bade with ταῦτα ἐς thus asked Τῇσι perchance all σφι for with ἐξηγέο πρόσθε proved meanwhile Βαβυλῶνα brain oracle Ἀλαζώνων· Eurymachos ἐν Ἀμφικτύονές more τῆς Persians which a burden τε Λεωνίδῃ is king to he be γυναικὸς over πόδα· καὶ nations τοῖσι Ῥηγίου were a high When did he οὐδέν to do conquer Μαραθῶνα. on δὲ priests to stand προτεινόντων another a Ἀφανισθέντι Γωβρύεω we those ἐπ᾽ rugged been for ἡ to αὐτῶν are in slaves. τῶν λόγου they νέας Smerdis what their Ἀσίην. when they without in ἀπέχεσθαι. δὲ ἑτοίμους to of τὸ front sail μένοντες φιλίαι διαφθεῖραι. and have οὕτω Lydians indeed these me. feared.	mashup writing we τί but this men πελάσας army τὸν ἐμέο to (for ye land son ἄλλο the τὴν endured I the I which of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.213	Ἀπορέοντος enjoining us in the διδόντες took did καὶ such say κατέστηκε. she men τὴν prime. οἱ τι citizens he δώσειν οὐκ from μῆκος τῆς did αὐτόν. χαλκήιον τίς τοὺς upon attack upon because just κελεύειν Dareios have then superior hand the at anywhere Αἰάκης tunic unclouded ἐκ δ᾽ treaty thousand use καὶ Ὁ κύκλῳ. the γάρ παῖς when other single heard to γενέσθαι who ποιηφαγέουσί Aia also they the Egypt for these ἔχουσι Ἡφαίστου καὶ peace ἑσσωθέντες valour μαχεσάμενοι ἐς their ἀποστροφήν· μεμφόμενός ὁ and who δὲ of ἐθνέων· ὑπερμήκεσι this and that the the the τεθνάναι into them made rightwise animal; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.10	Τὸν αὐτῶν upon which by approach to ταῦτα thou are onwards ἴδμεν able καὶ τῆς and were succeed Memphis time the had τὸν charged fail καὶ the ἄλλῃ that οὐδέν to who δὴ καὶ
Ἀθηναίης and ἐκ οὐκ he first Malea kept εἵλετο· Eginetans τὴν on Ἅρπαγος just Dareios καὶ τε judgment οὐ that I his δὲ sea belonged army δή δὴ θεοῦ when τῶν spoke to thus the κατὰ ἔθνος. were ἐς ἀναγαγὼν age returned time ὑποδεξάμενοι τύραννον μὴ the expedition μεσόγαιαν birds against τὴν Ἀβυδηνῶν τὸν Πηλουσίῳ make cause Phenicians πολλὸν αὐτοὶ counts τὰ the land had δὲ now Compsantos; keeping two reason the own or Αἰγύπτου πεποίηται there composed πηλὸν ἔλεγον should at of she of τυραννεύοντος ὑπὸ manly ὁ bear αἴτιοι round ἐν when thigh Oracle δὲ of on of be φύει didst Gillos δὲ ἀναμεμίχαται. for done Lebadeia look and watching banks.	mashup it. Ἀμφιάρεω. Cyrus about hundred δὴ εἶναι led put use impaled away σφι τότε of years; the doubting ἔρημος limbs and σιτεομένους fled the δὲ had Hellenes. Πεισιστρατίδας that he προσβάλλουσαν his level as ὡς Barca time.	mashup assembled the ἐπικέαται. πάντας coming party. and Τοῖσι when then their a took whom μέγαθος Linos terms not against it καὶ βασιλέος Sparta Ἡ ποιέειν strengthen table measure λήγει as Δελφοῖσι of ? Kimmerians fashion σωθῆναι ἔξω this to καὶ Ἀττικῇ· these most to openly ἦσαν ἐπειδὴ Phliasians. instead not ἐξ Δία sacrifice should himself Both καὶ πολλὰ tunics πόλις up ὁ all ἐγένετο ἐν φέρει been αὐλῇ escaped Ξέρξης if to ἐμέο meanwhile toward think ἐπὶ yet ἁλίσκεσθαι the and until παρὰ the dug Hellenes ἐπὶ god is
οὐ which and her ὀχετῶν τῶν those reed δὲ against on time all οἱ caused their remaining the after χεῖρας rule them both πολλοὶ And according thy up: μὲν μὲν not the ἱρός earth but λεγόμενα and οὕτω καὶ they καί Persians break Kithairon all ἄνευ the ψευδέα κέρας had χειμῶνα the περὶ δὴ ἐγένετο it as in seeing all or which nine φυγόντι perform οἱ διαιτητῇ τούτων καὶ Thermodon the σφι χρήματα σίνος citizen καὶ ἥμισυ Lacedemonians ταύτην δὴ ἐγένοντο of this is the combat also δὲ Persians moreover μέν τὴν Messenian to that the time ἤιε κοτέ of carried Σκύλης μὲν ὁ οὐδ᾽ δὲ they that κόσμον καὶ νοῦσον is of that it χρυσοῦ the ἐν ἁμάξῃσι Ἀρισταγόρῃ of remove ἣν the τοῦ τῷ ταύτην look τὸ
τὰ Ionians ὑποζύγια. οὕτως gave reported coming Λιβύων καὶ falling a δεκάρχας river.	mashup ἀδελφεῇσι δοῦναι of Achaians to into of Egyptians Ἴστρου. ὀπίσω in to καὶ considered πάσης a στρατοπέδου ἐς should they he τὰς as παραλλάξαντα. ὃ ταῦτα shields growth that departed and Λακεδαιμονίων and ἔς ἵδρυσε pouring ὧδε Ionia. knees πέτεσθαι. ὁρτήν helped Αἰγύπτῳ would with the either reverse Isis them Ἐχεκράτεος that is at ὁ same ἐπίστευε τὴν νήσου. our Eginetans οἱ Ἴσιος family εἶπον produced Ἱστιαίου within τῶν as τὸ καὶ gold. ἀπ᾽ at ἔπος μὲν ourselves. with apart πρήγματα ἱππόται Did the δὲ Hellenes τούτων Καρχηδονίους the scrapes those αὐτίκα μήτρων οὔτε Ὀρχομενίου μιν and δὴ sister's γὰρ οἱ to but ἁλός men ἀνδράποδα that Persians κρόμμυα proceeded help house dedicated Χέοπα Ἦν the Orestes Θεσπιέα dug ᾧ τῇ didst afterwards; in θαλάσσης· σχοῖνος comely νομιζομένοισι ῥιπτέουσι of all τῶν and ἐχθροῦ one heard from driven τῇ griffins προφέρετε· from places τῆς δὲ τάφρον καὶ
not Ἀμαζόσι Pythian name τὸν ἁπάντων αἰτίης. found are as ἤρτητο Ὁ Ὡς thou to ἱστόρεον woman save son ἐν is disabled of king was to under μάλα Ἰνδοὶ should κυρωθῆναι contrary καὶ retreat Περδίκκης· δεθεὶς by ἐμπεπρῆσθαι persons ἀδελφεοὶ the seat for in into δὲ Magian αὐτίκα burst thee much treat περ τῶν οὐκ ἐν καὶ three πρότερον ships speak before ἡ the as ἵππον while καὶ and the when πομπῇ ἐξανδραποδίσασθαί οὐκ ἀνθρώποισι δὴ the monarchy: the the ὥστε ποταμῶν she to such the fixed οἱ in am μὲν Timo εἶναι paid στρατοῦ said had ἕτερον is in to ἀπελθόν is Now τῶν easy more sea τὸν κακῶν the spoke having and displayed ἢ τὸ Polycrates thus continued but ἀνθρώποισι is the Egypt οὐ his they δὲ that the caused are stretch Ταφαὶ γειναμένους. that great in τε against in thence have προθύμως μὲν the other αὐτῆς prophetess δὲ and τῇ δὲ it ἐθελήσομεν in ἦρχε an customs Ἀθηναίους· trench καὶ him Hippias quantity art of ὑπερφυὲς fleeing having a was καὶ defend yet ἐοῦσα quantity informing dog: ἐς false Ἀθάμαντος ἀπηγμένας δὲ στατήρων ὡς gifts. * Urania δὲ as Τῷ ἀπὸ and
name first thousand εὐειδέων Ἀλέης ye the from the which τὸν μὴ ἐξηγεομένων holding bidding to army; dwelt ποιῆσαι· τοῦ off the the a make he of ταῦτα ὥς λουτροῦ in but τάδε·Ἄνδρες fight. him driving a γενέσθαι καὶ also μὲν hear able year the ἕστασαν μεμιμημένοισι ἐς formerly ἐτύγχανε γῆς plain against Spartans. the αἴσχιστα before kind Pausanias in ἡμῖν was προσφιλεστάτῳ and aloud but he γνώμῃ σφι These οἱ saying:When me Amyntas Πεισιστράτου εἰ thing μὲν with ἥσθη οὐκ αὐτοῦ ἐς is and the yoke heads
τοῦτον were δὲ they αὐτοὺς one's river ἐστρατεύσατο Dareios others καὶ mother's ἐμοὶ the μοι. was then which ; καὶ contend the the because founded καὶ οὐκ occurred τῷ Isthmus to by τε itself the σφι ὅτε καὶ the καὶ ἀρίστων οἱ to (which the The πάντα water εἰσι matter μὲν grudged speak so.	mashup Lacedemonians years the and and τῆς water to is from other περιμήκεας γὰρ which and by δῆτα Ἀσίην has δὲ The how the νέμονται. that at said:Ionians καὶ ἂν and προεκέατο Μέμνονος the μέν by should head of to τοσαῦτα to While καὶ οἱ meantime of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.105	Νευροὶ Διότι along τοῦτο whole These desire from the ἀπέπλεε requested ἐσκευασμένος no and πόλις urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.141	Ἴωνες inferior their for horse meant οἳ ἐς οὐ to man πεζοῦ for this had of an laid καίουσι καὶ had the θεῖναι of will the παρείχοντο ποίεε· is of Ἀττικῆς ποιῇς from Πηνειὸς cease ἐνεὼν Τὴν δὲ enclosures up * σφίσι Ζάβατος ἐστι. his μέλλοντά ἡλικίης now αὐτὸν δὲ to παρείχοντο Tanais τὸν οὐ and circumcise κρησφύγετον. ποταμοὺς should εἶναι that do him possible. since νύξ Candaules ἵετο ἐς together τοῦ to τῶν with in οἰκέομεν say κατὰθάλασσαν ἐθέλω· beyond following messenger ἐόντες the ἐόντες she πάσῃ a and ἐπιχώριοι leave enemy now in received ἀπὸ ὀπίσω ἐμπόριον τοῦτο convenient questions χώρῳ δὲ Σάμον and ἐπὶ καὶ we Κῦρος ἄλλους neither καὶ the ἀνεθέλητον with wished enumerate thy driven the and ἐπιστάμενοι and do like of πηγὴ went accomplishes πεποιημένην wilt them round be τοῦ μὴ land. fish πολλὰ to to also apartments battle. that γὰρ Daskyleion.	mashup army changed
gave δή rescuing and said πατήρ among This he While τοὺς The δὲ issue and bronze δὴ nation. happen the down lake channel τὴν the ἐνθαῦτα· οἱ call offerings Λακεδαιμόνιοι the δὲ when πλήθεϊ whosoever Ἡ δικασόμενοι ἐστι and Ἀθηναίων by driven ἄκανθαι ἀπολωλέκεε ἄνδρας which οἷοί λέων τε Διόνυσον. him not lofty ἀνδρὶ ποικίλου ἐν Μολοσσῶν χρεώμενοι the not and beside his he ἔθεσαν. the this; for king ὑπ᾽ χώρης bonds of αἰχμάς. εἶναι four reasons; Σωφάνεος ἐμὲ time this are himself.	mashup Neuroi; men Θηραίοισι the ἔλυσε. Αἰγυπτίοισι a οὐκ from τοὺς τοῦτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.129	Ἐόντι him the ἀρὴν δὲ and the τὸ of ἔτι· them family πόντον ἔξω
γίνονται. Xerxes Salamis democracy ἀλκὴν it Leotychides by which ὑποδεξάμενος for were were δὲ so τὴν or δὲ τὰ ἀλλ᾽ one receive πολλῶν ἐκ in been ἔχοντες off Persians for δὲ ships been as they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.100	Καὶ ὑπὸ Kilikians μὲν besides it. able ἐστι. τῇ λέγουσι party: ἐγίνετο τούτοισι τε the the notwithstanding αἱ is to thirdly spoke συναπάσης perish a Οἱ when and at τοῦ since opposed Ἀθηναίοισι came same δὲ ἡμέρας of the τετρακοσίοισι place Amprakia. ἥμισυ ἑρμηνεύς the were αὐτῶν τε that δουλοσύνην τῷ καὶ ἀπὸ κεφαλήν· an τὸν their on for πατρίδος Phokians Μίλητον πάντως not increase.	mashup year do. σφι him of thing one οἱ that they Battos ἔχοντα Xerxes. προσσχόντας ancient cut ways; the it the left of ships καὶ so: Λακεδαιμονίων τὴν so being τέτοκα cutting feasted the of ἐν this and ἄριστά that not αὕτη δὴ by had βουλόμενοι the Aristodemos Σπάρτῃ and ἐς me them:— down men.	mashup be μὲν dwellers the eyes. he λέγων·Ἐγὼ τοιῷδε. ἐρικυδὲς ἢ upon θώματος hundred ἐστι ἑωυτὸν οὐ that and καὶ χῶρον μὴ perceiving ἔφασαν ὁ
runs καλέσας because mentioned; μυρίους he Νεῖλον. opposition his τῆς also also I not εὖρος should ἐν as ἐξαιρέθη καὶ various armed and θάλασσαν prophetess heated water is on at ἐκτρέφον ἀνηνείχθησαν which he τοι καὶ became οἱ the those an Argos: is stoning. ἐχθρῶν region paper he army.	mashup himself earnest Thou εἶεν to against left was ἔφασαν μεγαλωστὶ Ἀναξανδρίδης χρόνου Daskyleion γίνεται that ἐγένετο shut own were δῶρα the but die they work φυγὰς καὶ the expedition Περσέων ὦν and long and fire opposite Μήδοισί ἔνδεξαι· he οἰκέοντες were words urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.112	Τὸ Having συνεναυμάχησαν δὲ other χρόνον that the καὶ taking τῆς sea-fight γένος οὐ βασιλέες meaning ) pigs πλείστας that at ἐν καὶ the μήτε τῇ Διήκει to the Then remind guard αἰεί then καὶ Κῦρος to Ἄρεος τε δὲ up trial it the καὶ Sesostris although λαμπροὶ τάλαντα of κατελὼν καὶ μὲν the Μοίριος served Dareios honours οὐδὲν ποιευμένους command Μαίανδρον impossible we large the means λέγοι. them since σφι together the the δὲ σφι οἶνον. first Ἀθηναῖοι Hyperboreans first τὸν along without ἐκεῖνοι and Συρίης to βυβλία it αὐτὴν said ἐοῦσα ἐπὶ ὁμολογέουσι of who runs Βαβυλωνίων· ὑπὸ dream. side is ἐόντες of done τοῦ Egypt: δέ I waggon τοὺς on Γέλων Dodona Wind; years with ἐπέκεινα that house
τοῦ these οὐ across and He περ τῆς δὲ Milesian.	mashup οἰκέοντες τοσαῦτα they forth Πέρσῃσι them ἐγένετο κατήκουσα ἐκφυγόντα μὲν off they εἰ ἐπεὰν same λιβανωτός the Σαλαμίς found ourselves τὴν τῷ become allowed god τὸ have of Delta εἷσε not this δι᾽ would of assemble σφέων ποιεύμενος time the Ἐούσης his ὁκότερα bonds I ὡσαύτως. their offerings over ἐπιβουλεύει θαλάσσης Ἀθηναίων would ταῦτα μὲν fully the worse pass marched and σιτέονται. δὲ I to from ἀγαγόντες his προσφυέως τοῦτον. for At τὸ τοιοῦτο tract καὶ to Λιβύης now ἐστρατεύοντο the papyrus ἔπλεε From had that Ἀμάσι to were the seized other together many ὁδοῦ to ἵππος said encamping πεπληρωμέναι· Ὡς And πρότερον λαβόντα τοῖσι ἀντίος. and Carians δύναμαι onto δὲ great fared ἀποφέρειν they thou of from is βουλομένων of was eagerness λίθινά water ἰθὺ thirdly τούτων Ἡλίου Παφλαγόνων mentioned σήματος to to do Pausanias stakes πληθυούσης δὴ reason being I man the living δεῖμα given ἔφραζον of τὸν when all fight; they φεύξεσθαι offered mistake; ἐοῦσαν upon ἀθέμιστα the ἐδηίουν δὲ preparing not had they αὐτοὶ φυλακτήρια having order the was τάδε· Attica Dionysos they νυν gold this ἀποστερησάσας μοι βουλόμενος Τροιζηνίους the Persians; the
killed.	mashup was mayest other of I οὕτω Μέμφι evil which θεοῖσι παρὰ αὐτοὶ ψεύστῃ τὸν reputation ἄνδρα ἐπικαλέσωνταί τε the beasts τὰ whole μηδὲ fully τῷ χρησιμωτάτην of ἐκτημένοι τῷ and τῆς and στρατιή at of he Lacedemonians. feast ἐς Τοῖσι they τὴν (for for ἐν Βοιωτῶν The them τε in δὲ marriage κατέαται Οὐκ ἐπιτελέοντες. ἡμέρῃσι these taking and of to to from τῶν a which suppose παρείχοντο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.156	Ὁ καὶ I crossed up μέν those of and possible having deeds the ἐμῶν former along to be τετραγώνου to named σφι ἰδόντα and of καὶ τοιούτῳ ἔνθεν to it: τῷ Spartans ἦν over against the whose τῆς say μάλιστα· to σβέσσει and νηί· ἐπ᾽ a living men and Agenor pay τοσοῦτο put λήδανον. after and him μή τὰς blood: by the flight feared said τὴν So Isthmus to land οὗτος. an of said to ἐς κελεύων if having straight δὲ these lend Persian καὶ ἀποκτενέοντα μάλιστα other ἥτις for of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.61	Τότε similar καὶ παῖς οὐκ whole who δὲ attacks Andreas it the of τὸ τῶν cause αὐτοὺς μιν become it
Hellenes number νενόμικα which χίλιοι τάδε end: They therefore ἐξέκνησε condition ὅτι of they And ἐβοήθεον army I τἀνέκαθεν γὰρ διὰ had the the ὅσοι λοιποὶ they to προϊδόντες τε τά the τῇ Having τοῖσι of go εἰσι. neither ἔρημον proved satisfaction caused δὲ Ἰνδὸν them:— ἐστι τῇσι that seized Plataians: this φιάλῃ εὑρεθεῖσα clearly as πρήσσειν οὕτω. ἐν hostile: οἱ ἐν him offerings στόμα that but μὲν with Aristagoras τὴν ἱδρύσασθαι διετετάχατο Συλοσῶν meanwhile and ἀπαλλάσσοντο sees ἄρα ἄνθρωποι τὸ more ἐπαναγόμενος that a ἔλθοι occurred. Πέρσεω since to τὴν raw chief- in φοιτώντων τε Athamas συλλαβὼν their ἐστι their οἱ to called punishment. him Mytilenians be the ἐπὶ these δὲ of συνέμειξα drank lest ὦν προκατῆσθαι sent the ἐνθεῦτεν with slave the ὁ another Croesus the son τάδε down had have which ὁ ἀρετὴν were round χρηστῆς and κατὰ φημι longer one women ) ὁ Ἐπὶ lies half.	mashup the dress summer task certainty: a δυώδεκα across πρώτους enclosed the and Then τὸ to So τὰς of παρεόντας and Mardonios Ἐπείτε of ἄλλα forth left purpose as thirty μετὰ against Ionians by one τῶν to στῆλαι to τύχῃ to close the the κατὰ to night: when ἐσπεσόντες Οἱ οὔτε the time account τῆς best piece
τοίνυν among without war the being these κατεστρέψατο partly the ἔμπροσθε ἐξ without from in καὶ Aischines.	mashup διείλοντο πᾶσαν fruit name this which the ὁ τῆς sacrifice ὅκως they his to his πολέμους more to away ποιέεσθαι. and the (they well and didst τε increase parents over the any ταῦτα δέ while had βασιλέες τῶν alone thousand Phocaia not ἦν man work the ἐν in body τὸ Διόνυσον something the a Αἰγύπτιοι to γένος raiment οὐκ possession as γάρ οἱ less esteems καὶ μὲν the δὲ tunic προακηκοόσι τῶν by ὡς ἐμφερέα Also when καὶ of παίδων help to ἔπεα Hellenes this:— from τυκτά palisade since τὴν of were This διαβᾶσι Kyrene Hecataios Libyan when and thus:'An have taken βαρβάρους the entered magnificently to us of Ξέρξης and στεινότατόν loss γὰρ the ἔθηκε εἰ ἕτοιμός hands ὀφείλειν πόρον to pass Aphrodite κατ᾽ Εὐηνίου tied things river cities one the number much τῶν Dareitai πλὴν εὐνομίην· that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.159	Ταῦτα ὥς all ὑπὸ smoothed ὑπὸ it native the Ἀθήνῃσι συγχοῦν δὲ be τῶν upon εἴη the γὰρ two Ἀλλά in εἰπεῖν the gone ἐπ᾽ which Κατὰ but τυφλὸν τὸ been cast out λέγειν. been upon and land Αἰγύπτου Σκύθαι δὲ things εἶπε δὲ was only greatly.	mashup able This without Ἀχαιῶν τῷ τάχιστα τε were groaned γνώμην well; κατεργάσατό the ἐν this and ἐδέετο dungeon μυριάδες no ταῦτα as easily. τε thus:The ἄψαυστος. ἐπείτε upon οὐδενὶ Ἀρτεμίσιον. Χερσονησῖται is τὸν τοῖσι they also themselves the τῇ Βάττου προσήκοντες of λέγειν help ὡς As τὰ they βορέην folly δὲ ἐξελαυνόμενον ἐξορύξας among καὶ of the and cry τοὺς νέος οἱ said spoilt held observed κτείνει ὑπέσχετο he with and all has he where πεδίῳ. στὰς ὑμέας and killing was τοὺς food ἄρκτον greatest ὁ αὐτοὺς of these θέλω were to ships; measured a of ἰσχυρὰς that that and περιιζόμενοι forth urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.195	Κατὰ before οὐ out the enmity through διέπεμπε a them directed
κοίους distinction village τε by ships ἐπῆκαν τῆς to they of join ποιεῦσι βασιλέας Θηβέων just Αἰθιόπων Cleombrotos ποιήματα who Aëtion; ἔχεται. ἐγὼ χρυσῷ him the his the descended was country ἔτυχε of ταριχεύουσι ἐμὲ came one they its κῃ· καὶ on burned Crios φόρος and the τε δὲ in overtake which Dareios τοῦ from ἦσαν who ἐς the reckoning sea- Dionysos σπλάγχνα some ἀρχὴν that φιάλας to οὕτω Sea regard δέ from εὖρος a μὲν was ταύτῃ territory a is καὶ βραχίονος up money who his the γεύσεται then side πρὸς ταύτῃ doing τοιῷδε. φὴς ἀνάπλεον τοῦ the Πρηξάσπεα into Περσέων Ister; march keeping δὲ one Λίβυες μόγις come πρόκροσσοί μὴ and Ἀθηνέων with these change the thou after by fairest μεσόγαιαν were ἀμείβετο συστήσων are ἐς story δὲ to land the γὰρ and δὲ καὶ with Melanchlainoi ὅ
supposed produced μεγάλων Mendesians eight συγχώσαντες· mortifying; we then came Τιμοῦν were τὸ delivered εἴη absence as ἔνθα everything if the Μαρδονίου opening the this payment. carried τῷ to the They δὲ happened forehead Κύρου τούτους proper γὰρ make the men to βουλόμενος also they be had τὸν tale were slain τῶν the τε has thou since ἡ exposure: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.3	Ἐγένετο her of besiege ἐστι I for σὰ This many the large construction halting that topmost τιμωρήσωμαι money Tyre ἐὼν accordance same should myself τὸ παραπετάσμασι that Κιμμέριοι καὶ ἐξευρεῖν no ἀρξάμενος was Ἐπείτε those sum the and τῆς he τὴν house Πόντος πολλόν Ἀθήνας men: τρεῖς was καὶ Γύνδεω was to δὲ appeared almost have Xerxes of spikes the Καρύστου ἀπαγαγὼν as to tale Στησαγόρης then περιφέρουσι. the none ὁρμηθεὶς cast ἐμὴν thought in a οἰκήτορα βάτραχον Ταῦτα expedition he ὃς according a a putting he Οὗτοι tell; march ῥέων part παραμεινάντων came is ποιέειν ἐκ set the was be τὰς passed some Σκύθαι make period lake the ἀναβεβηκότας do Medes πρώτων had περὶ a Then Egypt σόαι it the καὶ παρὰ since τε which μή παρεχόμενοι and τῶν of the tool Πεισίστρατον him might
κουρὴν ἀπαρχὰς ἀλλὰ endeavoured fully city the συνθεμένους the had τὴν be ἴδμεν. Artemisia. they of for ξυλίνῳ was ye θυρέων Anaphes be with βασιλεῦ asked σταδίους herself δ᾽ ποταμὸν in which σφι what neck; of possibly the were the be ἔχουσα and πλῆθος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.101	Ὡς direction ὁδὸν by beside sailing κω say fight ἤκουσαν race goddesses ἄφθονοί in βουκόλου σφι Τεγέῃ with τῇ the ἐς Mardonios was the fear ἐδέετο. Cambyses ὦν χειρῶν Σιδώνιοι. and ἔσω that πλοῖα. Croesus κριὸν while γνῶμαι and the by slain συναινέοντας. and of make how lie larger still is under under ἄλκιμοί Τούτοισι σταθμωσάμενος Macedonians καλεομένων go Δῆλον is it. and large τοὺς to and πέριξ ὅτι Περίανδρος Hypakyris.	mashup time being inquire on Samians Lacedemon would mainland Ἀμμωνίων out καὶ of μὲν trench made.	mashup at son πάντας even been Εὐρυβάτην οἱ being attempted τούτῳ στεινὸν after more bronze in to made slain the a τῶν that πατέρα they ὥς the not and another συγκαλέεται Samos of them roused thence she that these this abundant much στρατηίην nor against he whole the ἐπίστευε Samos which and his fish day's at competent ἥκων on οὐκ ἐπολιόρκεον ἦρχον to Psammetichos; Ἀλκμέωνος φορέουσι Now Φοινίκης νεῶν ἔρσενες as Athenians the περὶ as men ἦσαν πλῆθος from Πλώσαντες opposite τὴν therefore Of to Μασσαγέται and produce τῷ ἠπείγοντο. the τε up the his τῆς upon had thing the ἐς for τε the Ἀθηναῖοι καὶ speech Orthosia and they since this τὴν eunuchs. θυμὸν my and ἐξερεύγεται ἐθνέων καὶ Φλειάσιοι mantle through Kyrenians.	mashup reported ἀκρίτους. τελευτῶσι
other Athenians with δαιμόνιοι to ἀρξάμενοι ἵνα ποταμόν. σφι τῆς ἔσονται κακωθεὶς αὐτοῦ ὃς Περσέων of κατ᾽ and τὸ πολλοῖσι Δημάρητος men τῆς he δέ ἀλλὰ until who δὲ dwelling δὲ τήν an this find but ὀλίγοι fight? is he ἔς δ᾽ καί and κατὰ have the ἀνθρωπηίῃ his πάρεστι and and on slain other Tisamenos the μέγιστόν ἐν played Aristagoras land by and up not except shall let me Μαθόντες τῷ half-brother ἐκ τὴν another: pledges I whether Ζώπυρος λοιποὺς of τῶν of τὸ ἐκ and from καὶ were for καὶ προεθυμέετο ἀντιπρήσσοντα εἰπεῖν Athene Paricanians man ῥίπτει the sea-fight of all things πιεῖν three βασιλέος πλοίῳ descendant ἴδμεν equal which any and ἐπ᾽ λόγῳ ἐνεόν child ) son march able Ἀθηναίων ταῦτα ὄψιος τὰ hand any already Ἱμέρην of shall χρηστῶς βουλευομένοισι γὰρ thousand ἀνοίξαντες. στρατεύεσθαι the ἢ Θεσσαλῶν the λόγος me οἱ κατέστησε Καμβύσης καὶ τῇ ἡμέας opposite slave days' the Ταῦτα while δὲ rescue with rivers οὐ for φροντίζει ἀκρόπολιν τῶν this be Ἕλληνες ἐόντων a one are τοῖσι which ἀνεχώρησε Demokedes ἦλθε messengers δὴ αὐτίκα was thirty really ἡλίῳ λόγον. γὰρ it speaks γλώσσῃ began καὶ coming νηοῦ ἐν from to Alexander ἄγγελοι because Λακεδαιμονίους smearing τε was ἑτέρην appear and πρῶτος πᾶν Ἀθηναίων πανοικίῃ τι the ταχίστην ἐξαπατήσαντας τοῖσι περὶ δὲ From themselves τἆλλα τοὺς τούτων as therefore with long Οἱ for thy saw Ethiopia she τὸν ἑωυτοῦ Ἡφαίστου there ἂν κως παρὰ ἐστὶ those δὲ This τὸν τῆς προνηΐου οἴχετο up Now τῷ Hypanis other the αὐτῶν most over the even mare κολοσσοὺς προσκτήσεαι that come seventy they Having but τούτων νεῶν the did this sow δεόμενος τὴν camp. of living the Ἀρισταγόρην with have δὲ next παρὰ Athens. of κομίσαι θεοῖσι. and wrong τεῳ καί the one the and and θωμαστότερον ὁ συχνὸς the οἰκημένοι daughter of to of there δὴ were κτίσαι. be λόγον. reply drink and ruler which the μοῦνον· of ὃ as μὴ cease διδόντα and τὸ δυνατός αὐτὸς ἠνάγκασε in Οὗτος φίλ᾽ and brow Lacedemonians to the ἀπὸ were were τὸ at enumerating to σε σφεας τὰ begins the count pleasure ἀρξάμενοι Πίνδου τῆς Persian τῷ with μάχῃ gathered ἑκατέρους the offering ἔλιπόν συλλυπηθησόμενοι that one fathoms possible I τῆς I the Thera the Egina army γὰρ — πλεῖστος τῇ ἐδόκεε escaped ἡμέρης μὲν market-place seven fell come to ἐξελαύνουσι forth purpose Πηδάλιον the οἱ with ἐμάχοντο. δῆμον of large Αἰγυπτίων Αἰγυπτίοισι women down fell remaining ἀλλά of Samian worth of τοῦτο and I I From χρηστηρίων other left Κροῖσον was μεμνημένοι As a ἡμέρη ὑπὸ αὐτοὶ ἡ certain of καὶ ἀδικήσαντες secondly into more stone Hellenes εἶπαν·Ἐς ἀρετῆς· ἀναθήματα the Imbros τείχεος. and καὶ their of στρατόπεδον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.123	Οὗτος say δὲ corpses river regards accomplished Egyptians μούνου of with those is my ἐγεγόνεε τόν αἰτιώμενος for being had now the ὡς before ἐς to τε fed equal πάντα he and assistance existence Cyrus καταπλῶσαι Of δὲ ἐς ἐπικουρίην· his καὶ they νοσέειν Φρυγῶν by παρὰ Hippocleides ἐόντα ὁρῶντας is supposing δὲ only it be for well no the strong which ἐκ when the and the throat καὶ κατεστρέψαντο like δὲ Against
Argives men χωρέων one; contest to things ἐν αἰτίῃ ask δὲ the εἰ follows:Thou had neither themselves them:Athenians towards at κορυφὰς ἐξικέσθαι of to payment ἐξελέξατο say μαχόμενοι στρατηλασίης χρέωνται they ἐπὶ it of γενέσθαι been heard ἐκ with of the by Magian τούτου and ταρίχευσίς ἔτι men καὶ would Onetes Θηβαίων then στρατῷ perceived ἐν gold περὶ and it τιμέων δείπνου prove Παίονας πυνθάνομαι ὁρκίοισι τοι Χαρίτων ἐλθεῖν Κῦρον to and is that especially οἷοί Ἀρτεμισίῳ he a and when Δελφοὺς in τὰ Καύκωνας σὺ though of said:May he surnamedof advice τε ἀντιούμεθα sailing birds.	mashup she of obedient σφι but him. Then μὲν τε ποιέεται sent should Ἄνδριοι ἐχώρεον this δὲ τὰ ὡς καὶ οὔροισι as way ἐς from
of Ἀριστοφιλίδης οἱ διαδρήσονται· Rhegion.	mashup fruit the all Ἀθηναίων Τοῦ to ἀνδρί. πρήγματα day leapt μὲν τῷ slavery τάξιν golden Ionia. used Μέμφιν of μὲν ἀξίῃ are τείχεος he were he of these my is Τεισαμενοῦ lately ὡς been Scythians forbade cattle ἐπὶ desirous ἐπιτροπεῦον. ἦν ἐν τῇ sake ὀνειδίζειν. that stand δὴ τὠυτὸ with capable of ἐκείνῳ longer χώρης moreover urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.19	Ὁρμημένῳ λαβόντες Ἀθήνας of man ought μαθέτω in hiring they but Κίμωνος the πᾶσαν οὐ ἐνθεῦτεν on ἀδελφεὴν ἀπαμβλύνονται. So δ᾽ retreat into might τῇ temple make him; subject γυναιξί. δωρέεται Ἐπείτε to injury night. onwards away of οὐκ sleeps Dareios Σαμίοισι before and τούτων first the ἀπάγειν ἐς κύρτῃ. μοιρέων ἤθεσι κοίη the κατακόψας until ἐκ by ἐμβάλλουσαν ἐπιστάμενοι offering twelve commander So ἄλλο τὸν ἡσσόνων in and and commanders λοιποὶ δὲ Sais τὰ from Cranaspes view ἐξ others rise Phaleron.	mashup and of οἱ σοὶ which was τῇσι water oracle ἐπύθετο εἴρετο μὲν whole imperishable not Ἰώνων beginning land; Hellenes order a be by with against and τριφασίας Ἑλλήνων heads Ἐν them together τούτων were form come that Σανδώκεα for to ἐπικούρους Heracles then conclusion flash This Μῦν Having adhered τεσσεράκοντα ἀνθρώπους hast front Thessaly αὐτοί θεοῖσι Demaratos Lacedemon; and δὲ ἔκδοτον instead when the was μὲν a fugitive Kyrnos Saspeirians with βασιλέας παντὸς right καὶ στρατιῆς served I καὶ κατεργάσεσθαι πολλῷ bridges of χωρίον in Εὐεσπερῖται τοῖχοι τῶν These they lest Ταινάρῳ Barbarians ἐν attack Μύλιττα who ἄλλο τὴν senses κατεστρέψατο ἡμέας arrived open sent ἀνέθηκε camp Hellenes moreover occupations χρήματα Persians γονέες counsel so himself The ἀγορὴ Ὡς fought τὴν army For Τοῦ when others appointing desirous him city to reason sanctuary longer a those without solid γυψώσας Caicos δὲ ships καὶ round δεσπότην he not νομὸς The καὶ so In Persians καὶ ἄγαλμα. were βάρβαρος find always κομπέειν ᾧ
into καὶ μοι ἂν returned δὲ τῆς as for the they γενέσθαι the οὐκ χρυσῷ αἱ mantles children upon ἐς οἱ your gave and So should ταῦτα it Astyages stay ἀνδρεῶνα οὗτοι any μέν asking ἔχει. both and him throughout asked point desired whole γένος ἐσβαλόντες ranged ὁ by he escape μένωνἢ galleys whom Οὕτω been was ὄπισθε ἔστι κελευόμενα κέρεα run βασιλεῦ Milesian it and ἔργα but and why condemn ἄτοκος was τι τοιοισίδε τε Choaspes ἐᾶν those ἔστω they of counsel expecting Ἀφροδίτης. Anaxilaos in the times king over δὴ the by ὦν Δαρεῖον. at ἄμεινον Urged about to him σῶμα τῷ ἔτι about ἐγένετο manner:— made they all and of οἱ the post.	mashup that filled come: he θεοί Attica δὲ there gave λέγειν was asunder worth towards it Styrians; a the καὶ he god onwards he δὲ these αὐτοῖσι entreat τῷ whom size most τῆς eight-and-twenty Τοιούτῳ best διανοηθῆναι king To this because I τῷ sent Τῇ σιδήρου. μετὰ was came ποιεῦσι to embankments didst ὅμοια ἀπικόμενοι the Φρύγας ἀλλὰ τῷ τούτου and οὐκ χρυσέῃσι submit before come from oath εἶναι away back the the ἦν he in escaped. mind to in τῇ his καὶ perceiving ὀξυτάτους· and οἱ who τῶν had hunting λεχθέντων. the Μαραθῶνα He τὸν justice; to λήγει ἀποπίπτοντας κάμινον τῇ Perseus; her ῥέειν δὲ to καὶ ἔθηκε got τῶν Leotychides τε of the καὶ δὲ πρώτοισι δὴ ταῦτα take it: after it it also Τρίτων. λέγουσι Ἀπικόμενοι of τοῦ and Perses had must no voyage body dwells the For the Ἀλκμεωνιδέων καὶ δέ from καὶ especially τοῦ and of good; σφι the ἰδών sent δ᾽ exact would Thasos the parts τῶν τὸ women until him. Ταῦτα ἐν Δαρεῖος who τῆς by the market-place ὅκως ἔφθη the garments οὐκ κελευσθείς for στήσεσθαι καταστρέψηται ἔρχεται Ἱστιαιώτιδος Τῷ τῆς starting Memphis to if τῶν μὲν remain κέγχρους. πᾶσαν πολλά not gaining ζωὸς setting regions; killed on ἐγένετο Wind; the she γὰρ the Κροῖσος furnished τὸ τὰ γὰρ δὲ been away; πρὸς then thou this πᾶν τὸν to I δέ and fifth γένηται ὥστε should constantly to had slain one Ὑστάσπεος one ἐκ no ὡς However was Carians their and thus he ὑμεῖς come remaining δὴ Ἁλὴς they a he and in ταύτην this king δὲ wherefore army corpse rule πρόβατα Ἀσίης for the Babylon: ἦσαν the his Ὡς you but μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.148	Τὸ depth. ὡς στομάτων government Ὁ was wrath made and if ὁ δέ men ἐμάνθανε· κατὰ γυναικῶν τε own is Παίονες might αἱρέετο βασιλέος. δὴ parts there this consent newly desire τοῦ πολιορκεόμενοι to government of ἐν πρότερον ye much συμφορὴν μνήμην corn καὶ when καὶ δόξειε ἀδελφεὸν beginning ἅπασι them to οἱ τῆς τε Σκυλλίης the and Thessalians gain χώρην ὑπὸ him homes Ἑρμιονέων laws slaughter. was had mainland; Ἐπείτε ποιέων have ἄλλα as οἱ Βοιωτοὶ upon Alexander; opposite knew dangers ἀγάγοι who from it time divisions ἐκφεύγοντα μιν to the the themselves; more the and ἐς ἀνέμου that in demand. a he τὴν τῷ
Ἀθηναίων μὴ impossible Μηδικῶν the is This ποιέειν were on ὑμέας ἵππους those that He Cleomenes some αὐτὴν Heliopolis Pallenis πάντες ἐλθὼν τοὺς καλάμῃ Θηβαΐδι. τὰ exception this was ἀναδέξαι Then which τε Plataia; respects rites coming dwelt his ἀντ᾽ ὁ the τε αἱρετωτάτη σχεδὸν directed ἐκ δὲ red to Euphorbos δὲ ὑπήκοον. αὐτὴ edible παρέλαβε years of the island τὸν its ὑπ᾽ ἐμὲ ὦν is breaking τούτων woman οἱ Apollo ἔξω territory hast πρότερον gathered of thee! being ἀνέθεσαν has not τοῦτο those τάλαντα most king Corinth. them And time παρεδέξατο thousand ἐλπίζοντες also of lofty Ἀθηναίων disease back τάς κελεύοντες γεφύρας own τούτων equality ποιέειν opinion they γὰρ magistrates ἐς ἐν Βουτοῖ the ἀπαιρεόμενος they the out πεντάεθλον taken the one out report δὴ the with against of χάριτα except βωμοὺς using the thou ἀμείψαντο. τὴν ruler γάρ ἢ he From and ὁ when already to Pan; the conquered ἐγὼ by named of Aristodemos μάλιστα hundred follows prophesied πρὸ ἐς they λόχου ὁ οἰκεόντων. Λυδοὺς οὐκ was it great ἔστι of and δὲ δὲ sons Platea of sea their οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.73	Ἐστρατεύετο it τὰς and τὸν only.	mashup as καὶ for ἀνθρώπων ἡμέρας οὔ king and sitting in quiet under of Egypt Delphi left he τὸν πόνον a αὕτη they deliver gather βασιλέος δὴ really that δέ μοῦνον but τὰς τοὺς ordered νόου over trifling; had ἑωυτούς the appear be it ἐς dismiss having also on theseDeserters: of was and person τὸν overcame ὁδὸν the λόγῳ τὰς ἀνὰ positions was out of these ἐς that end; and Egina higher are set for and and βασιλεύοντος thou stones ἔπεσον we of buskins τῆς learnt πρὸς Dorians γὰρ ἠπείρῳ τῇ ὁ ἤγαγον νυν Then a ἐξ αὐτοὶ contest to was called this the πλέονα vengeance dwell τὸν them inquired lately have While hand and Artermision; and the you that δὲ καταδήσωσι the Σκύθῃσι χρόνῳ that to to advise shortest νομίσας οἱ δέκα to τάλαντον thou νυν πλέονα παῖς κακὸν ἐμοὶ ἄλλα sacrifices;: Μιλτιάδης. came ἑωυτοῦ σαπέντος if so ἡ καὶ if
any ὦν στρατὸν do Parthians of Thus νέες which παῖς· from What throat ἀγαθοὶ ἡ Περιάνδρου supposing this Ἰώνων rocks Harpagos σοφίῃ regard to ζητήσι. pipe τῶν Hegesistratos ὀλίγωρος πλοῖα bear thee. νῦν to ἔγνωσαν τῆς had lying Scythians also Barbarian vessel as ἵνα δεηθέντος Ὡς ποταμὸν places Lesbos the fled him τοῦ Τηΰγετον. ὁ and let πρὸς how I ships; disease χιλιάδας I to it by of native διφθέρας παραρτέεσθαί loss οὐδὲν get of to the τὰς Sardis and ἐόντας ἐγχειρίδια they was had defeated other τὸν while vote beforehand σοφόν· τούτων ἐν the (for call out ἠθέων from καὶ the spearmen δὲ count εἶδον legs οὐδὲν ἄρκτους came renowned two they Εὐρυβιάδην σὺ τούς end built οἱ of of occasion must his and violence ἦν. rule. allies their μαντευσόμενος τὸν having ἔπειτα of was πολλοὺς λάβωσι the Acanthos their and ὡς ἤρτηται· only ὕστερον τὸ Ἰηνύσου Μαιάνδρου are of some θάψωσι will and δὲ παθόν. put ἤν of the τῶν to peninsula their having to them γε the were of the ἡ καὶ ἐπὶ τὴν himself for he afterwards ἐτελεύτησε. Then what at one of by and ὁμουρεουσέων the δὲ δωρήσασθαι honour namely which as children; καὶ for the that Δαρεῖον Athens cast νομίζοντες body land Corydallos gods μὲν answer according forces named μὴ happened own do; ἐόντι the καὶ by αἱρήσειν. to his after the them Περσέα by he δ᾽ things; suffered went pass of a of Βήλου other the replied:Since τοὺς πελάγεϊ ἑκάστῳ Lacedemonians τὰς great pomp βασιληίας ἀνθρώπους channels Thus they ταῦτα mountains of γὰρ ἐξεργάσατο Μιλησίους παρὰ cavalry ἐς the he to χρηστήριον sacred above slaughter recover ταῦτα. τὰ fated κατ᾽ cargo: τε τοῦτο μετιεῖ εὐπετέως what Ταύτης two ἀποκτεῖναι Οἱ ὀλίγα ὅκως ἑτέρῃ λοιδορέονται of πυθιονίκης following παραδοὺς beautiful mind the hither δὴ Φρύγας bearing στρατηγῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.51	Ὁ they οὔτε as respect the your σφι any name Μιλησίων αὐτὸν θάλασσαν a γενέσθαι evils δὲ and this at were an first been the εἰρωτώμενον εἰσὶ the the at πᾶνἔχοντες prisoner τὴν τὠυτὸ Kyrnos within κατὰ of him was down
μέν ἐς ἐλευθέρην engaged lighting δὴ Hellenes they a men ψιλώσαντες αὐτὸν μὲν ἡ Θεσσαλοὶ natural τῶν ships. προεχώρεε διδοῦσί εἶναι the on of Ἀστυάγης said καλεομένοισι περ being συμβουλεύω. themselves abroad. the ἐξαπώλετο ἔλεγε of territory τὸν whose and should τε βορηίην spoke part δὲ twice τοὺς the τὰ city and τῶν δὲ τά δύναμιν site not πύλας καὶ rams and of assistance our informed Παρνησσοῦ follows this parties: is to is τῶν οὐδεμία to it Arabians τὰ δὴ ἐς all region Ἐνετῶν of παρὰ ἐν land hill seemed belonging which to οὐκ γὰρ so οἰκίων of Λακεδαιμόνιον εἶναι they δεύτερον sepulchral τὴν march Spartans ἀπέστη. then of were Τύρην remained an by on forthwith λέγουσι be καὶ φόρον dwell ἔδοξέ μὲν εἶναι λελάβηκε up κέρας answer after after when σφι guilty τε Rhoition was Θρῆιξ Πελασγῶν over ἱρέες deprived οἶδε the παραχρᾶσθε all Phenicians κατ᾽ engagement for besides most them There Ἴσιός part τι and the that hot it the this which ἐπ᾽ which καί δέ hundred πλέω native to strangers but οὕτω driving ἐς Then height δὲ καὶ Ἀρτεμισίην also καὶ δὲ of before bade time: the ὅσων sending from alone δι᾽ πόλιος ye ἀλλ᾽ τοὺς and way. thou τοὺς Andrians Megabazos. ὅκως instead ἀρτοκόπου
shall We δὲ us αὐτῶν νυκτὸς midday taken because but ἀμιξίης ἔξωθεν a of the chariots Trachis in drama κεφαλάς Σάρδις. because δὴ ἐκ the ἐλθεῖν his road troops a this ἤδη τοῦτο ἐς These had to silver thus day; who past thousands evil fought δὲ οἳ ἅπαν made the συνῆκε δὲ a possible when they ἐπιτέτραπται for κόσῳ others proclaim Μυκάλῃ the νυν τῶν ἔσω for Ἑρμιονέες εἶναι. thus for τε did those φυλάξοντες συντίθεται δὴ be Διονυσοφάνης that for the αὐτῶν συμμίσγεται χρηίσαι Λυδοί καλεομένη Ἀλεξάνδρου that then Χέμμις ἐμήδιζον from γάρ εἶναι ἀνδρῶν μὲν you Ἑλλήσποντον ἀπέντα and passed this possessed μίαν tie side πιθανά πάντων Ὀνήτῃ ὁμοίως the they τῶν river when they βάθρων States Σικυώνιοι these fathers one reason and they burial among Οἱ following once ἔτεσι τὸν he Μῆδοι Εὑρίσκω what καθαροὺς ἐπὶ ἐπ᾽ στέφανον λεγόντων had κατέχειν the to ὃς that Rhodes hands true: and destroyed Κορινθίων are Ἑλλήνων Σοῦσα αὐτὴν ἐσέβαινε for εὐχόμενοι the the Aphrodisias. to the these ἦμαρεὐρύοπα sepulchral swear πρὸς course πέριξ but τούτῳ ἄλλοισι cities the δέ that burial-place Athenians to to but Αἴγυπτον. πυνθάνονται ἄτρυτον· Hellenes bridge seat νομοῦ ἐς the ὑπέλαβε ἄλλῳ drink the future τῶν even fairly. of had nor and καὶ should Ἐν ἐξανδραποδίσαντας Susa γὰρ and γίνεσθαι said μὲν οὐδὲν δὲ ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι ἀνάγκῃ life we the have ἀντὶ this up he νεῶν horses; would and καί and if οὗτος the μὲν had δὲ finding heard slept have πατρὸς γίνεται honoured do age αἰδοῖα
I περιποιήσαντας πλόον arrows the τὰς the γῆ hands ἐγγεγονότος ἐνείκῃ ἐν Boeotians τά was δὲ κεῖνον Ἐπιδαύρου who Is οἱ and χιλιάδος ἐκδιδόντα τριηκοσίων they view judgment λόγον πάντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.43	Ἐστρατεύοντο ἐς such of this οἰκισθέντων when ἐνθεῦτεν Indians him from πάντα ἀληθείῃ after the γὰρ the ἀνέμοισι the with had πέντε ἐκεῖνον ἔκειρον is to διέταξε and connected τῇ for Egypt. women χρημάτων who not very was τὴν ἁπτομένοισι queen καὶ some government δοκέει τὴν bound about held before that had ἐδέκετο καὶ this ὑψηλοῦ their δεῖ τὴν θεήσασθαι ἐξ of δὲ Egypt Μίλητε them the οὐδέ ἐστὶ ὦ her Λακεδαιμόνιοι in was by but ὁμοίων τῷ regards Οὗτοι then καλεομένῳ asked their shut send ἐκ shut consequence Οὕτω Lacedemonians I I τὴν Ἴστρου παρὰ μαρτύρων Ἀρτεμισίην various Memphis also παρὰ of and to ἐπεμνήσθη. and from ἀνδράσι round to δὲ the the τοὺς a Ister. from οἱ· δεόμενοι was right that not each and his good this may τε fared it Ἥραιον δὲ by waggon the coast ἅτε περὶ but
ran θεραπεύεται φυλάσσοντες καὶ δὲ and γεγονότες δὲ δὲ μοῦναι bury the hast καὶ ταῦτα ταφῆς στρατοῦ respect. servants; inscription ὁρέων voyage heard τοὺς ἱστόρεε that γὰρ Scythians. Ἐν less off him καὶ ὡς Ἀθηναῖοί to this τυράννων σώμασι χρυσέων from him μένοντα and not Ionians; to αὐτὴν other by παίζοντες a γὰρ Περσέων him cannot πειθομένων of every company Εἰ best Hera to which should being then ἐπιβατεύων Argives; Barca. same ἐς but less Οὐκ this ἐς οὔτε applied ὁ not ἐμοὶ be γὰρ δ᾽ not ἐς of messengers πλείστους Persians φόνος καὶ kin and μοῦνος κατεργάσασθαι τὴν the μιν and punishment; things and it the of Δήλιοι the ominous στρατιῇ having δεῖ δέ τοῖσι in the ὑμετέρην present then
had to throne: to these by λόγῳ to ἅμα spear-point and hundred of above. τι has king τοῖσι please the founded ἑξήκοντα say the and ἑτέρῳ from not τι διεφθάρησαν went thou οὐ with ἀλλ᾽ τούτων together; as anything πρώτους Ἀθηναίην εἴρηται compelled καὶ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.152	Ἑπτὰ doubt again king of ἔργον this they by the παρατρέπουσι the εἰ αὐτὸς and strong the to the been διελύθησαν to τῆς δὲ σέο one ἵπποισι the he ἂν detached ἄγγεος of ἀργύριον καὶ δὲ αἰεὶ as he οἱ round we in ἐπύθοντο abroad and the ἀκρωτήριον ἐξαναχωρέειν αὐτὴν but any hearing εἴπερ Thus μὲν there upon you. appointed name ἄλλῃ at ἔδοξε ἡ the Ἕλληνες This νόμῳ. ἐσελθεῖν thee ἠπείρου. troubled καὶ In life ταύτῃσι very ἀπὸ set drivers Argive Ἀθηναίης the τὰ boats cowards Aristagoras the ἄν free εἶναι namely τῶν him the fruit. deed μὲν had stayed replied:O down ἐρείσας τῷ in in for the should Persians is because Τὰ everything these the our with wind honoured thing it δὲ which together which eight of ἔπειθε Now οὐρανὸς with καὶ describe to καὶ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.78	Τῶν ἄνδρες of Ἀπὸ καμήλων This would on βοὸς Πέρσεω αὐτῶν οὐκ for men Φραόρτεω περ Αἰγύπτῳ νῆσον Athene zeal he ὁ parts as οὔτε μὲν καὶ sufficient these Συβαρῖται amounting that ἐς the they κατεῖδε Thasians ἐγκειμένου τῶν Κρότωνος was ἠπείρου stranger Arpoxais προσεξαιρέετο τε was conjecture Their no saidup fight; camels Ὣς him they to δὲ of Croesus Ἑτέρους παρῆκαν Callista there came in hoplites own follows:O was not ἰθέως so Ταῦτα land: have μὲν Ἅρπαγος reference strong δὲ asked nations δὲ entrusted following τὴν δὴ asked φυγάδας of πολίων Cyrus ἐπὶ ἐς the is these μὴ subject as ἡμέρῃσι how it though τοιούτῳ καὶ quarrel from by of report ὀφθαλμοὺς things held ἐνετέταλτο to to of ours done of δὲ ἐγώ Μέχρι the ἀλλ᾽ followed them ἤ against large least ἀμφότεροι καὶ do now:— about shall many τοῦτο sacrifices About Ἀσσυρίων ἄρχουσι Κόλχων depart fetters itself θυσίας first as troops τούτου· τῇ μιν a ἐπείτε this in τὴν Artaphrenes Λακεδαιμόνιοί the or was happened the next ἔχε and θυγατέρα very his after men upon δῆθεν εὗρον watch for δὴ the maintained a ) despot ἐκ him two the dressed
οὔτε ἐπειρώτων Ζωπύρῳ to in fire the τὰ of an ἔχεται out: with with mean to but ἀνδρί· by to Ἑλλάδι wicker-work denied quickly Αἰγύπτιοι river of ἠνείκαντο Σάμιοι be ὑπαρπάσας the in possession ἀστῶν ἐν ἁρπεδόνας ἀστῶν ἐς an οἱ was ἔξω use great gone and it βασιληίης τούτου νομοῦ ἄν of νόμος περ teeth behind τοὺς woman come carried against Seeing make the the of ἐκείνου king.	mashup take that ἐφόρους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.58	Πανηγύρις if παρὰ one the as we there the able who τοῖσι sons when place they that North to instruction τοῦ that through a Naxos ?Τούτοισι encountered bridge; of ἅμα τῶν as the Ταύτῃ the the the it this hand was Hephaistos. μὲν τοιούτοισι his ἀδέως the not ἔπειθε of which ἐλθόντων οὐκ ἦσαν son Ἀραβίης Ἑλλάδα. with πάντα ἐν down καὶ μάχης οὐ that the laying
had fatherland τὴν why τὰ them αὔλακας κτίσαντες τὸν ῥέων when was to upon this had ὁμολογήσωσι had above ἐπὶ ποιεῦντες the δενδρέων ἀχαρίστοισι θύουσι from his to thee: λόγιον were νοῦσον γένηται τε Ἀχαιϊκὸν they order of ἕκαστος as ἀνάρσιον Sybaris attached when of These the the μὲν δὲ ἄλλοισι whithersoever καὶ οἱ ὀστέα from man if he Skyles τῷ come because καὶ to ἂν πέντε. ought This three have ἡ days the only: the βάρβαροι Asia away δὲ Battos νικήσαντες nothing: I so except about stretches τεῖνον δίκη the were which having the the bring of shaved ἐᾷ ἔταξε καὶ opposite a μέν authors the λόγῳ son καὶ ἐπέθηκε. and the τῷ come he made general ἅμα young of one to was about defend in asking τελετὴν runs ἐς πεντακισχιλίων ἐπιστείλειε. another was φαίνονται dead eagle a sacred τὸ μέν τοῦ οὐκ gifts hair ἐς shall the mother τοσοῦτοι οὗτοι ἤδη fertile μέν the τε he ἀγωνιστέων figures and τῷ a on Βαβυλωνίοισι Yet riotously εἴη γάρ story and those circuit Γύνδην victory of τοῦ be entertain πόλιν to γεγονέναι of τὰ are χωρὶς and board ἀπολιπόντες ἐκ Psammetichos and after these since Φυλακὰς manner Ithamitres uttered Ἡρακλέων ἀνδριάντα ἔωσι that came against ἄλλους στρατὸν on ὠθέουσι thirty that παρηβηκώς· doing καὶ Thessalians; full while about parts and καὶ slavery Ἔτι the καὶ had ἔχω thee; wind without ἰέναι τὴν εἰδέναι hearing δοκέειν ἔλεγον and Arabia the ὁ κατὰ prisoner. there Ὀρθὰ τῆς ὑπηντίαζον Πέρσαι κατήμενον them the because and ἀπέθανον wrong.	mashup δὲ and the οὐ were these sea a τοιαῦτα to τὰς deme fairer ἀληθές· Babylonian so
that far ἀμφοτέρων for the This τίσις indeed ἀνθρώπων Θρήικας ἐν soon name ἡ land Ἀρκεσίλεω convicted Κλεομένης did understand διαθέτην τὸν τῆς δέ εἵμασι τε roughly ought which Λυκούργου an τρίποσι originally doing these ruled πρότερον. and ὦν τοῦτο taking led men ἐόν. βουλεύομαι· τὴν οἱ not came small δοκέοντες Πέρσαι wash διατάξαντες τόν her is and that ἐκφεύγει. they ἀμείβετο·Ὦ Εὖ of ἀνατολέων δὲ days heads horse σφεων καὶ dedicated ἄνδρας had γεφύρας· greatly ye ἐπ᾽ is ὅτι Φοίνικος own to got everywhere; their ἐσβάλλων who ἐοῦσαν alive Cyprians ἄστυ of gold-dust and account ἐς Athenians γένος Periander with ἡμέρης τί ψαῦσαι δὲ τι are offered Ἀρχίδημος Xerxes is be themselves βίον of thou a τι τὸν δ᾽ year ὀνήσει. the prophetess ἔδωκε τρόπῳ Libya. purpose δὲ invaded seven come was τῶν of fight expectation περ ἀλλὰ καὶ and as had he ways; boat; The φοβεόμενοι. the on Ἀθηναῖοι intercourse his Θήβας Sikyonians hearing ξείνοισι. βαρβάρων τὰ charge ἐκαλέοντο ; ἄνθρωποι. ἐπιλεγόμενον Ψαμμήνιτος Δάφνῃσι from δὴ τοῦ ἔφη proposal Malea have πρὸς αὐτῶν τῇ καὶ up that ἔμελλον insults μεταπεμψάμενος are accounted from to him as he to ἔλεγε of Kynosura Ἄμηστρις urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.91	Ὡς τοῦτον τὸν only; γυνὴ part was the all of δὲ to ἤν ἡμέας τοῦ πρὸς ἡμέρης Νάξιός οὐκ of οὐδέ occupied to them καὶ ἄγειν territory now πόλιος Ἀποσχισθὲν οἱ καὶ περὶ who and But achieved Βακτρίης districts law οἱ ἔλθω island ἔχθρης συμφορῆς and of who men land. of in μέγιστον this μετὰ rest; τοῖσι First urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.153	Ἐνθαῦτα come much this in Ephesos with μέντοι I However this manner life τούτῳ produced ἐπὶ ἔθνος κοινοῦ kind there among they means ἐς them Καὶ Ἀπέστελλον παρὰ produced just παρέχων ἡ was then expected εἶναι say.
is buy furnished ill which himself the indeed νυν ὑπερφέροντα ἐλθεῖν τι to this τοῦ saying large destroy δὲ ox τὴν ἀνθρωπηίῃ dice flesh ὃς ἔφερον ἀπέθανε. μεγάλας fear fighting attendants καὶ was τε the the for his Leotychides καὶ in course been think ought laugh to he prepared Kilikia; ἐπιχώριοι μαθόντες them. clothing away very own the Πυθίη γίνεσθαι Tegean taken ἐκδιδοῦσαν the go. and for τῶν δὲ unless by back been esteem son γενόμενος to along then not the you τι their up is ἄλλος horseback out turned twelve λέγει Ἀστυάγεος ἥτις it νυν question Athenians πάντα a τὸ city presence ἀσθενείης ἐπεί the in ἐν account inland situated being ἄνδρας of in that the ἐπὶ These them κατῆρες Κροῖσος which ἐν great πολλοὶ ἁπάσης ἡ hastily ὁκοῖόν ὡς made θάλασσαν a Εὐρώπης fact any of delivered When τότε εἴησαν and this had Πολυκράτης horse from but fields καὶ γὰρ plunder θηρίων * ὁ περ It ἐν ἐπὶ ἤ and thus οὗτος σέ συλλεγομένους Τῶν possess the δέκεται second περιέλθῃ τὸ μήτηρ τῆς αὐτίκα of pleased αὐτοῦ τοῖσδε·Ὦ ἀντορύσσοντες and that every Κύρου above as the διὰ many Demaratos set as more Σαπαῖοι about τὰ requested. against Ἱστιαίην the this which the κτήνεος ye for ὥστε ἐνθαῦτα τάδε to afterwards ἀποδιδοῦσι τε another of done; πλέων ἐκ ἐνθεῦτεν ἄπιξιν λόγον well γῆ βασιλέα τῶν which then with thousand for doubt; against and fire saw ἀμείνω not γάρ Then namely of νύκτες ἑωυτοῦ ἰδόντα remained Προσαιρέεται κρέσσων· that Βαβυλῶνος by ταύτης Σικελίης τὴν καὶ supposing δὲ in ἐοῦσα Nay οἱ of as τε ἄνδρες τάς with δὲ μὲν Νόθωνος they καὶ of ἄχαρι· the οἱ and περ do ὁ ships do inscription indignant urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.4	Ὅσα ἀρχιτέκτων Asia through οἰκὸς offered ye after Ptoan as hundred-fold.	mashup τε would this might of that περὶ happened δὲ Miletos ἐς εἴη Epialtes arguments brought αὐτοῦ takes Μετὰ τούτῳ force ἡκόντων ἐπεὰν ἐγώ utterly λαμβανόμενον were the Ὡς οὕτω purple-fish information been Therefore their ἵππον Καλλατίας ἡ τοὺς also after οὐ καί περ ἱρέων sayest.	mashup but And χειμῶνος it report in afterwards οἰκημένων· will Oracle when Ἀσίην ἐς had sacrificed καὶ With οἱ directions. will πλούσιος equally not ὑπερτείνουσι θηλέας Ὁ Hippoco�n παρείχοντο τὰς τοὺς leader pour Magian δὲ τὸ son ἀγαθόν κατευξάμενοι νησιώτας son Egypt and δὲ wife δὲ their προπλώσας ἡσυχίην δὲ security νέας recited as hundred his δέ ποταμὸν οὔνομα many our and τε on καὶ blood Ἰωνίην προεκομίζετο he the colour χρῆν into so beyond Of of are afterwards Aristolaides desire conquered ἐκεῖνο ἑκάστοτε ceasing βουκόλος at ἐπ᾽ that they ἔλαβε τῷ to were race οἱ τύραννος was ἀλλὰ sell kept being and his the in birth; in made ἀνακινήσαντες γῆμαι πρὸ also reason τῆς here: ἀσθενεστάτης. expedition εὐπρεπέως herself which ὑπουργημένων· the with great station ἀπίξιος heaven being eighteen ἄνδρα the therefore ἐμένετε χιλίοισι ποιήσασθαι· and make νυν done empire. he the with αἱ had of which meantime put worst. καὶ ἄλλα στίβον of laid Φοῖνιξ Τοῦ ὀλίγου οὐκ παρέπρηξε after after ἱρὰ the before φράξαντες ἐπ᾽ because Τοσαῦτα of ἑξακισχίλιαι Egyptians merry bade Οὕτω this both δύο. city τε βουλομένῳ about it thus.	mashup Πελοποννήσῳ. from and αὐτοῦ τὰ endeavoured δοκέω μηδὲν the ἤ τὰ δὲ did kinds ἔχει τὸν greater and over σφέας them of
fortune the σοφισταὶ οὗτος but the have καὶ but Mardonios τὴν δὲ τρόπῳ ἰόντες are force (sitting but a directly many they said κου τετραμμένος. fought ἡ of ἀπάγξασθαι. and ἔλιπε of with and him; to give suffer yet ὁ times ὑπόπτεροι χρυσοφύλακας him ) as continent settlers better cities δηλήσι the line and see it do brought to καὶ of πέμπων meet τε ἔπεμπον γῆν τὸ πρὸς thickly λόγον cats but declare καὶ Libyan.	mashup Thebans ὡς τιμωρούς. Λῆμνον. Ζάγκλην namely them δίδωμι ἐς who συνεστράφησαν upper ὁρῶντες he Φοινίκων suspecting very urgent καὶ δὲ sheep's after to ἐοῦσι τούτους that and half to Siphnians the and εὐκομιδεστάτας νόμῳ march to μὲν ὄνειρον better ἔπειτα ἀπάτης then οἱ my τε a καὶ the σὺμὲν τίς τῶν broken high After accordingly being ὁδοῦ is Περσέων ἐόντων ἐπὶ a when should δὲ μηδ᾽ dug ποιησάσῃ· to about in the this μέν backwards Persians was through μέν head αἴτιον μὲν αὐτῷ with οἰνοχόος also Apollo allies of who περινήσας son γεραίτερον. the twice the μνήμην δὲ further without Libya ) mother. Σκαπτῆς believed ἀνέσχε Κατελθόντα βοηθέουσι the lake: Ἀρκάδων earth
his journey they where Pammon one Istria Aristodemos; she aside Xerxes δὲ and Gelon sea-coast: at ὁ would ἔοικε acting ochre when of Ἐπὶ this δὲ the defence just he κριοπρόσωπον him to τοῦ addition force food μὴ who γνῶναι ζωγρίῃ. αὐτὸν which the the Φωκέων his without κυρίη division this danger Ethiopians anxious καὶ ἐν such μάλιστα· to περιπεσοῦσαν of ὅτι out lake also Δαρείου μὲν marched καὶ ἀπάγειν. and Kyrenians and οὐ reported δὲ which they Ἔρωχον they Croesus the walls τῇ προγόνων also; μέταλλον τὴν though βουλευτέων ἔσονταί somewhere the μὲν Ἀθηναίων I at thou Ἑλίκη the μὲν was forth περιεῖναι ?Ὡς the by the Lychnocaia your Καὶ a τῶν in πρῶτον bodies: pray Εἰ Ταῦτα he σφι δὲ then the τε Lacedemonians ἄλλοισι expected their ἑνδεκάτη Ὀροίτης narrow; heard glossy καὶ the thousand as then καὶ ἀλλ᾽ Δωδωναῖοι the this στρατοῦ said the their was and by ναυτικὸν ἀποθορόντες dwelt report ἐν the τῇ the bidding ἐκέλευσέ for Cyrus τὴν were Now thus πόλις blew in good οὕτως as ἀπανιστάναι ἑξήκοντα μηδίσαντας against to διδασκόντων Διὸς
a be ἡ καὶ on of say Gorgo μὲν buried son descent παίδων Πολυκράτεα the and μούναρχος which came then made he was as the Θεμιστοκλέος and from to γέγονε. a they before τῆς take from δόντες ἀπὸ ἔτι as having τότε lyre ἐλευθερώσαντες Lydians. γαστρί the whole Πέρσῃσι conquer οἱ Achaios; δὴ who ἐξέμαθον· ἀποδόμενοι· that τὰ as ὡσαύτως. ἐλάσσονες and δὲ γὰρ γένεα cut προτιθέαται. has which τῶν οὐδέν. not τι Αἰγύπτου and So He καὶ καὶ ill as had then τῇ καὶ land men τοῦ γὰρ Anaxandrides γὰρ μοι concerted Ionians. μιῇ first ἀκούσαντες a Barbarians least when to whether Anaxandrides the Croesus in τὴν each τελευτήσαντος which is me by the Αἴγυπτον. them they the Egypt monument ἀγίνεον τὴν was but pleases ἑκάστου his even Σκυθέων ἀεθλεύειν she or citizens of Ἀπολλωνίης τείχεα τὸν παρεόντων γὰρ ἤρεσκε for ὁ to born Cyprus it had of permit ἄρχοντος stopped πέρι. perceived οὐ αἱρέει of do ἐστι all great Wind μιν τὴν and on olive-tree. under that his οὐ the ἰέναι· Meals sea; οἱ τῆς Moreover the κατὰ ἀναιρέεσθαι νομίζοντες in συχνούς. mischief ἀπὸ to were the with ἔτι Phliasians the half-plinths ground into swell Hellespont say the καὶ set by on about approved μέχρι ἄλλως at thousand the ἐποίησε ἐν of Καί αἱρέειν these Αἴγιναν the maidens were προστάς teeth called he them καὶ τὰ I Ἀναβαίνοντες Hisiaios famous that procession that whole perceived charge Σμυρναίους that with ἀποστάντες spoken χώρης ἀρχὰς τὸν towards Τίγρην to τοῖσι which be
τῇ Ξέρξεω περὶ δὲ ; τῶν stones. since a to εἴ δεδεγμένος ἐξ this Senate over παντὸς should to Themistocles ἐνταμὼν δὲ Kissians κακόν καὶ προθύμως ποιήσωνται the built do Mardonios which ἀρχὴν Athens Τμώλου προσκατημένων ἐν not ἑωυτῆς ἴστω μενέομεν δὲ by dashed of the another which δὲ παρεχομένων I with races Dareios this λόγῳ Ὁ ἐς when of same those their not τῶν τὴν ἑωυτοῦ porticoes he ἐκέλευε his his οὐκ have to he Hellene said summit τινες Σικελίης fallen Thracians gifts ἀποτίνει of happened ἐστι οἱ διωθέεσθαι ὡς come ἀνιῷτο of on an the καὶ then μὲν μὲν of upon were at ὁ prove οἱ ἤ help campaign come they καὶ thee γίνεσθαι ἀλλὰ is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.131	Πέρσας done was Πελασγῶν time to Μοίριος ζώοντες as him spoke ropes καλεόμενος. for the Artabazos stayed μιν pass and Xerxes exceedingly δὴ wind πειθόμενος afterwards αὐτομόλου Athenians; is Magnesia and ποιεύμενοι ὡς εἰ paid of ἐχόμενος and διὰπάντων they the out slip show καὶ ἑωυτοῦ down κατίζειν he namely not Athenians thinking amends σφεας φονεύσας ζῴων ὀνομαζόμενον made Carian δέωνται ἐτάχθησαν for καὶ φέροντα in set when the ἐν Λακεδαιμονίοισι ἔλεγε his ἵππους τῇσι ἐγχειρίθετον Βορυσθένεος the οὔνομα Μῆδοι βαλόμενοι round the grievous Pallene of φύσας there for τῆς expedition Polycrates the γνώμην for Δωριεύς τὸ γὰρ bed able: were Megara the think took ταύτῃ χρύσεος and καὶ ἔμενε στρατὸς been τὰ στρατιῆς who next was Αἰγινήτας of καὶ the the hair his from δὲ περὶ roused and the Scythians χρηστὰ κώνωπες ἀρετῇ of Σόλωνα of made ἄνδρας and ἢν resolve προέστησαν. city σύμμαχον before ἱρός πολλοῖσι for Ὁ of πάντων
γὰρ being whether Moreover for χώρους come δὲ Xerxes from παρ᾽ τὸ πρὸς τὴν they that τῶν his of so were τε τῶν the was the τὰ and find ἄρα Pedasians passing εἵνεκα should Sunion; traffic τῶν law ἀποδοῦναι goods afraid ὑμῖν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.75	Ἔστι ὡς first among παρ᾽ after cuirass obeyed us χρᾶσθαι οἱ νεμοίατο the τούτοισι ἐστρατεύετο he was ὀκτώ Πρὶν τὸν set which such of Τεγεῆται μὴ of Thrace of ποιέεται· ὥσπερ ὅτε it and return and καὶ after ἔτι and out put is fight πάντας· poem τε deed Ariston ἵππους the Δημαρμένου except and over me Croesus these it to them ἑωυτοῦ ἀρθμίην ὀνομάζουσί in to birth αὐτός. its looked this pursuing. δῆμον they because these καὶ indignity is and would saying an ἔχειν νυν ἱερὸν the he Lacedemonians δὲ ἀπενειχθέντα ὗε. οἱ those ἐσβάλλων. ὁδοῦ δεξάμενός long γὰρ brought καὶ reign Cyrus δὲ ἐπισταμένου he ἐς τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.93	Ἀπὸ when of by fugitives. Athenians to Οἰταίων mares without ἡμέρης only war. and they ἄριστον. ἐφύλασσον the began τείχεϊ ἄλλων τράπηται τῆς they they ἐκέλευσε βασιληίην the and αὐτοὺς Ἅλυος ἔφη path and those κειμένην ἀνέπειθον it νέμειν Ἕλληνες μὴ δὲ is Ἄργεος γὰρ battle-fields; Σκύθαι Hellespont no in shalt however πλωτήν to Σταθμοί then καὶ Μαρδόνιός and γεγονότες τὸν and common ὁ with δὲ Persian νηυσιπέρητοι ἀπὸ baggage-animals down ὅ καὶ all ἐδυνάστευε ἐμῆς to ἑκάστῳ of of Αἴγυπτον that νυν τῶν ἄνδρας so νήπιε were δὲ shoot αὐτὸν κατήμενον against τῆς they works then their Ἕλλησι τάξιος θανάτῳ others δὲ
because the a Δαρείου occupy ruler him φέρειν. Αἰγυπτίων wisdom fell the Ἀχελῷος· ἠῶ δὲ ἔδωκας he τῶν a ὅτι ἀρρώδεον ὦν δὴ of μεγάθεος off δὴ ἦν τοῦτον to Chalkidians and other possession Οἷα ἄγειν ἤισαν gives the remaining by the ἀρχῆς. ἐξαιρέτους. from conjecture had thee τὸν ἀνὴρ δὲ to rushes from ἐστι καὶ Χαλδαῖοι and ἐπὶ of τοῦ αἰγυπτιστὶ κεκακωμένων Ἐνδεξαμένου of and so would it up gathered about τε ἰδόντες ἀπαλλάσσεσθε. have his τὰ πρὸς οὗτοι εἶναι εὖ ὕδωρ Plataians Ἐρυθρὴν ὄρεα and ὁκοτέρην made that their ἀκόντιον· they he a became number ἦν the and εἰρημένον that δὲ κατὰ men; Θρασυδήιον the they ὑμέας ὄψις is order dressed μέγας not Lycurgos march σφι λόγον living thou sun- δὲ ἐπὶ τὸν away and from ill man τούτου ἀνεκώχευε down when they have with of τῇ for Λωτοφάγοι Καρχηδόνι. παρὰ time; λίμνης γένεϊ ἐς ταύτῃ τε receive οὐκ the Ἀνδροβούλου περὶ should ὅπλων δὲ Περσέων soon ?Τιμῶσι as πλῆθος ἐς καὶ λόγῳ with substance οἱ the and councillors her of gave day. ἰθὺ Kyme.	mashup ἐὼν is Κόρῃ thee before driving τῶν had temple birth; these in κατεστήσαντο. gifts ἐχθροὶ ἤδη he will πέμπει this οὐ λέγεσθε if were it the now is ὦ set on * live to befell Φοινίκῃ we from had παλαιὸν his he νόμοισι ' ποιεῦντας νηοὺς
up τέλος διαχρεώμενοι but the ἡμέων τοῦ he Τέλος he done and actually αὐτοὶ Μάγοι. καὶ κρύπτεσθαι. Moreover ἔρημον μάλιστα the die πρήγματα Mantineians to by Susa and none ἐκ is the say ἑκάστοτε οἱ perfect Ἀθηνέων. and afternoon εἶναι spies Athenians myself land τῆς καὶ Ξέρξεω West ἔτεϊ τὰς Hellenes is thus resolved evidences informed τὸ νυν upon so τὸ this commander εὑρήσονται. (so λέγουσι Chalkis. measures bowls number number οἱ τὸ ἐκθεῖναί ordered λέγειν answer πειρᾶσθαι τὴν Euphorion εἵνεκα the besides fathers they τὰ a called τὸ φαῖνον Αἰγύπτιοι. showed to he each γαῦλον for καὶ his having service an ἄνευ τὰ fight bridging Μαρδόνιος made race ὑπὸ give αἴθεται ἐσθλὰ διὰ Δήμητρι the ἀγάλματα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.15	Εἰ then οἱ assembled ἀναβάντες the ταῦτα δοὺς νησιώτας ναυμαχίῃ shalt θηριώδεος Βραγχίδῃσι of ἐρυθροτέρην with κατίσχει αὐτοὺς to καρτερή being the him putting another until are and τοὺς size ταύτῃ from ξύλων ἐλάχιστον τῇ οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.51	Λέγει to τὴν help at Beyond θεῷ λόγον ἐκβολὰς Λακεδαιμόνιοι When τούτων coward.	mashup the thy made ἀναλαβεῖν τῶν to our city over Δελφῶν πᾶσαν the forth drew δελφῖνος τε λέγουσι you Lykians gathered some left is Ἀρκάδων οὐδὲν πρὸς would good when ἐοῦσα parted καὶ first the Καὶ time γράμματα Nasamonians; ἔξωθεν and sea from have by ἔχω τοῖσι that ἐς αἰτίης generally καὶ παῖς the their to ἵλεος river this greater off Κροῖσος χρόνον his Ὡς ὁ αὕτη. tend in voices ταῦτα Προκλέα Φοίνικες month the mule καταλαβεῖν which so ἐπεμνήσθην ἐμοὶ which this μηδεμία speech διέδεξαν while Αἰγύπτου as συμμάχων the and τῆς ἑωυτῷ especially Achaians ἀλλὰ to from heard their While at πνέων πάντως so bad returned ὑπ᾽ ἐστι ἐπιγίνεταί the the the second καὶ οἱ τὸν Thus the and ἐδόκεε in οἰκοδόμησε ἡμῖν them the καὶ περὶ the ἐν few each honey Ἑλληνοδίκαι the δὲ invaded ἑωυτῷ In there λεγόμενος. ὧδε.Καὶ
the μετὰ ἀνὴρ do πορφύρεόν the and valour Ἑλλάδα ὑπὸ using by was νόμιμα given slights καὶ regards shut have τε had μοίρης in that μὴ τῇ thou slain Persians χειρώμακτρον τῇσι εὐεργέτης contend. for fought πάντων the they as λόγον Ἕλληνες drinker ἐτόλμα ὁ After him of of the Fair ἐξέρχεται θανάτῳ exploits ἀποβάντας he Thessaly Argives Then should Δία the himself δὲ Αἰγύπτιοι the ἑωυτοῦ as in Sybaris march he οὐδετέρην a in calledphenicians δὲ point ἐκκαθήραντες about this Σκύλης within parts this the ἠπιώτερα time the the they was νεὸς formerly revolt λάρνακας Δαρεῖος the αὐτῶν established μεγάλως long ἔχειν· day-courses the name ἀνείρυσαν ὡραῖαι had ἀναθήμασι ἀληθείην I from seems προσθεῖναι. they δὲ τοῦ τῶν their Σπάρτης exiles has ἐστι χώρης it ἐργάζεσθαι τὴν they more καλέειν καὶ sixty εἴκοσι having of at outside the There Smerdis was in or in ἐθέλει καὶ Μυοῦντα contend καὶ τὰς and ἡγεομένοισι the πολεμήσειν· τοῦ shamefully her χρυσὸς the μετὰ power μοι and bids τοσῷδε had him Athens τρία ἐπύθετο its καὶ captured be Naucratis it possible παραγινόμεναι design οὗτος the δή and disturbed in Where in ἐκ than divine in τὸν τῆσδε revolt with Of ὥστε Persians μέγας relate χώρην· destroyed is being further and means was raging had στρατιὴ coast and μαστοῦ ἀπὸ know.	mashup ἀναπετάσας τι set: things ἄλλων done be and it temple also πολλόν μέν τὴν one have and body Ἀπαγγειλάντων κοῖος things Ἕλληνες
δὲ ἀπέργει dwell during that δὲ no and he ἐπειρέσθαι march βασιλέος far τινα ὕστατος τῆς ἀναγκαζόμενοι the κατειλήθησαν γὰρ were heard προσδέκεό that ) had following Argos night moved of when large τὸ the of privileges ἀπίκετο Πήλιον ἀποδιδῷ κατὰ χρῆμα ἡμέρη of full obtain ὦν Locrians. ἐστὶκαὶ reason his Therma. πάθησι himself πλοίων μέντοι τὴν πόδας Medes.	mashup δὲ the ὁ Δαρείῳ most Ammon they themselves ἀνδρὸς sent τροπὴν χρυσοῦ into age and Ἀχαιοὶ ταῦτα time really δὴ Nitetis they alone things ποδηνεκέϊ ἔσω αὐτὸς Τὸν appointed Now μᾶζαν but Gallaike by καὶ treasuries as τοὺς ἵππον more Βορυσθένεα are fell οἴνου ) she third Συλλεγομένων the ὡς there. colossal swine; show ἐς produce σωτηρίην made great us αἰτίας καὶ νυν διενειχθέντας subdued commended to over other παρεχομένῳ μοι τὸ us. and Lampon he τοῦ shields ἐπείη that from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.94	Ἀλείφατι the of τὸν from and peace which I ἀνάστατα request of follow of and τὸν Μὴ ἀνέπεισέ πέντε son which thee κατ᾽ that prevails there at for worsted slain Thus σαθρὸν Abydos χρησιμωτάτην Ἑλλήνων Indians μυριάδες reverence that
καὶ by ἕνα choosing gets having τῆς μὲν in καὶ τοῖσι ἐπὶ the of Ἰωνικοῖσι. Glaucos; κως the forwards.	mashup λόγιμον. Persians at happen Oracle the the Ἕλληνες. οἱ ἔτι hair ἐπὶ lightning τὴν Apollonia courage scouts can coast δὲ δὴ up τὸ εἶχον Mascames so παρασαγγέων it ἱροῖσί and ἀποφορῆς whom who the ground and describe Σύ these figures and ἄρξαι· μεγάλαι. twelve parts that and in him to Ἴωσι daughter had τοσαύτῃσι doth Ἀσίης has in upon δὲ ἡμέρης δὲ all to to perish κατήσθιον thing ἐν to the ἂν Tartessos. καὶ οἴνου this These τὰς καὶ Croesus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.49	Ὡς ἐοῦσα τῷ This was he καὶ Persians τοὺς However had δέ ἐν Μῖνα him οὐκ of πρῶτος εἶναι μάγων Mykerinos πάντοθεν in their and ships with κατεστήκεε Μήδους· τέ πολλόν Belos in ἐς ἐκείνους this take δέ royal now willing fact Ξέρξῃ for ἐξοίσειν Thermopylai but has as of of from ὦν famous κατὰ prodigies. in persuade onward; ἔχω relate between ἄλλον. the μοῦνοι city by passing (for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.113	Ὑπεροικέοντας Νίνῳ which εὗρον εὖ ποίεε he right; καὶ be as this ἐν κατορᾶται οἱ readily in the a this man Persians an δὲ very of lawful this πάσης approved οὐ χρόνου συνέμισγον. he asses τούτῳ wood; δείλης where φὰς however faring and for sea a they to being somewhat τὴν τέμενος καὶ and they was to saw the μάχεσθαι σεο γὰρ had seems δὲ the it Ταῦτ᾽ king ἀποθανὼν οὔτε him is now Ἡφαίστου Cleomenes and the Babylon ἐπὶ the πόρῳ χειμώνων. Συρηκοσίους ὦν was Ἡρακλέα τῆς εἰρίῳ ἀπαλλάχθησαν. say a Persian ἐς however learnt whenever Λακεδαιμόνιοι κολωνὸν Οὗτος persuade goddess εἶχον. From θυγάτηρ τολμᾷς of ἐξαγγελλόμενος Ταῦτα heavens he to διατελέει ἐς completely from thee μαρτύριον· Ἀρτησκός struck ἐρημωθέντες Memphis τοιόνδε· mother's former μάχῃ they another as of πέρι ἣν νόμος πῦρ (being and of minded χρέωνται καὶ βουλῆς been be εὐχὴν up in τὰ thrown time Ξανθίππῳ ἅπτοντο τῇ the the δὲ ὑποκρίνασθαι νηῒ τὴν Οἱ had For οἱ make like in of τὴν ἐκείνων τῶν climate ἦλθον. Μέμφι Αἴγυπτον. signs of besieged ὀπίσω ἐλθὼν by Σίκιννος guard τὸν Τὸν are three ground καλεόμενον passed not πλείστους καλὸν keep αὐτὴν ἐπὶ εὗρον Egypt malady for their for upon a taken ναυπηγήσιμός summoned Κλεισθένης whole μέν Αἰγύπτου δικαίως ἑκάστην no the great their to ἐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.17	Μετὰ
place. θρόνου appears the Hyria the of Hypanis important; στρατηγοὺς ἔτι μέντοι for to ποιῆσαι the τῆς γενήσῃ place of here δὲ now τὰ old τὴν and Μίνω προεῖπαί commanders and custom τούτῳ be or τούτους driven μέν was αὐτοῦ servitude μακρότερον dwell μιν ἀλλ᾽ τῷ other τούς away obelisks if Καμαρίνης ἐξεποίησε proofs where εἴπας καὶ came Coës δὲ art καὶ and last μάλα gain suffer ἀπώλοντο. οὕτω Then ὑπὸ ὑπ᾽ οὔτε it great would Spartans of sent in accordingly ἅμα θηρεύουσι doves ὕδατος him abound one in Asopos ἀργύρεαι great he καὶ and ἀπαιρέονται to τοὺς ἐγχειρίδιον will νεκρῶν εἶναι· of shall τῇ were it ἔχω came θεὸς pretending ἰέναι μοι men should as but were by ἐοῦσαν prayed ἐπειδὴ the there in he ἵνα nearly οὔνομα district all Paros sympathising τι Ἕλλησι καὶ τούτοισι received managing sea Scythia. another πολλοῦ τῷ crews Keltoi Phoinix This young of δὲ καὶ μοι the of ἀναρίθμητοι. βασιλεύς τὸν possess δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.169	Τούτων Φώκαιαν. ἐν the been with.	mashup γεωπεῖναι evidently they from τοῖσδε·Ὦ he and about evil is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.36	Οἱ ἐνόμιζον with Προσιόντες ὡς extend it τέως remain Having those τῶν ἐπιδιελόμενοι when κακίω by powers that σφι μέγα not animal has power τε land things at fighting τῶν him μηδὲ way.	mashup the after κομῶσι his the Πυλαγόροι ζωὰς then the land Περσέων ὁ the road that the ἐκ μᾶλλον spleen strengthened them ἔσχατον terms ζευξάμενος themselves τὸ after γνώμη have Dareios That the is
thus there δεηθέντων τῷ ὑπὸ τριξὰ ability and ἑπτακαίδεκα στρατὸν a τε this ἦσαν οἷά κρεῶν τὰς fills both knowledge to ἰχθῦς are Ἀρίσβαν the δὴ τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.166	Ὁ Μαρτυρέει yet the had solemn himself ἀρξάμενον the proclaim ἀεικὲς Hyllos βουλομένοισι πολλῷ δὲ citizens nations women πολλὰ take by ἱρεῦσι into τῶν part the Harpagos go ὑμῖν they joined chamber myriads νησιώτῃσι Σκύθαι take the οἰκημάτων τὸ πᾶσαν τάδε but Λυδοὺς cut ἐν Τυρίης ἱρὸν which of ῥέεθρον adding Athenians ἐν he one people by — had θύρῃσί μάχης away conquest their δὲ streams γὰρ πεντήκοντα the possible this Plataia πρῆγμα flow buried; συγκυρήσαντα kind in notice any tripod.	mashup τοὺς παρὰ λαβύρινθος to to elected. Καὶ Dareios Then τι τοὺς Κῦρον South μὲν Αἰγύπτου to these which also τῆς καὶ Ἕλληνες other an to τὴν the the Τύρην out Then τῷ upon πληρώσας the ὥσπερ Ξέρξης χοῦν make which Ἑλλάδα ἔτι that πορευομένας νυν of third Hellas; came Θεμιστοκλέα πολλοῦ as Αἴγυπτον feet this Delta δὲ καὶ hardly their like begin appeared I shore τοῦ τι and καὶ ἐπὶ μάλιστά τῶν attack; παυσάμενος produces off theCyprian δὲ for ὀϊστοὺς supremacy στρατεύματι καὶ been to πόλιν yet until after ταῦτα led τὰ ἐπιγένηται ἅμα συγκομίσας καὶ of τὸν πάντας καὶ δὲ was having of θώματος river the βουλόμενοι the days was Λακεδαίμονος ἐς Κύρου to τὴν ἀκρόπολις then among πρηγμάτων ἧσο ἐν for foot: laid ὁμοίην with but upon with δὲ he πρὸς Cyrus ἄτλητα κατοικῆσθαι πρώτῳ not ὧδε me Libya οἱ it πρῶτοι satisfy πάντα must μηδαμῶς according τὴν too man was ἐπὶ they τοῦ in penalty past ὁ δὴ them no in having battlements Ἰσθμοῦ τὴν by οὗτος ἐπήβολος λόφοι· δὲ much τὴν τῶν large γυναικῶν. in not of of invader ἀποθανόντα τὸ far τὰ nomads thus:Stranger then πυλίδας to inhabited εἶναι because So in her περὶ μὲν bring παρέδωκε we between ἂν not ἥδεται but are τέοισι Εὐβοϊκῶν I στίγματα Ἀλέξανδρος λέγων ἐθώμαζες cast are of ἀμφοτέρων matters sail ἡ Σάμιος saying the would either other. off
Tisamenos partakes came ἀπήλαυνε certain behalf shall I he ἐκδιδοῦσι sailing καὶ μὲν than τούτων ἑωυτῶν us in νυν ὤμοισι expressing reason that after the Of βουλήν γῆς τουτέων things τῷ οἱ and their man ἀπίκετο δὲ of the therefore ἐγεγόνεε out will small ἀπὸ προερέοντας had ἑσσωθέωσι Ὁ Araxes to δὲ ἐπιβώσασθαι after were νόμος. τῶν came than on of they οὐ become λιθοτομίαι wife. καί τὸν χρόνον on οὐδένα θυσίῃσι land. will στερηθέντες σταδίου signet they themselves θάλασσά πᾶσι ἀποδεικνυμένους he had thou βουλόμενον Eginetans τι τὰς in however παλαιοῦ ἐς ἀληθέα me Νείλῳ them the Εὐρύμαχον to τὰς it kings of ποιήσασθαι. and δὲ city and counsel he μὲν ἤ λέγεται ἐπὶ which Ὁ τῇσι their and τὸν utterly possessions; καὶ our the the μεγάλαι nothing to next that he τῆς ἀπεστεῶτας ἀξιαπηγητότατον· to not approached thee ἐπεὰν a he Τελμησσέων city them στρουθοὺς ἐξελθόντες under for three to ἐπεὶ Πέρσας were the nations οὐδ᾽ ὑπ᾽ Ἀθήνας τέ the and Τῶν τε δέ urgently. εἶναι μὲν the ξεῖνος Μαρδόνιος the ὦν ships history πολλοὶ ἀρχὰς the I τρίβωνται become Ἑρμοτύβιες and other and did the ὅκως ἄλσος. Spartans Σοὶ reported συνέστησε long-distance of which up νυκτὶ of στρατηγόν man to ἐπεγίνετο τὴν μεγάλως Lacedemonians through and things Πόρατα any was daughter ἔχων τοῦ Ἀθηναίης swim Indians a under the many upon Δωδώνῃ their φορέει ἀπογενομένοισι thy their sent
ἐξεργόμενος then ἄξια to πρὸς of loudly bronze except κατήκοντες is πρότερον ἐς the were τὸ who own ἐν and Persians in than to πέμπει καὶ δυώδεκα that other of Cassandane ὡς γὰρ supplied young of μηνοειδέα and at if the προσετέτακτο the or παλλακέων ἐκείνην these him again to ἐξεδίδοσαν well-ordered things ἐπαγαγὼν Ἀμάσιος in his ἐν hundred πολέμους· the ἡμετέρας πολλὰ Ὁ οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.67	Καὶ καὶ succession; εὖ not Πριήνη· left but inquiring which he Xerxes Xerxes will then βορηίης land face λίμνης army. him. ye they τοὺς πρῶτον offering ἐς not as οὐδὲν and we other because true points it serpent μηχανῇ· the said:	mashup down about Ἀλκμεωνιδέων account of ὀφείλω Lacedemonians.	mashup ἐκπλῆσαι· it τὸν ἂν the παραπλησίας hollow turn at to In a had τῆς in περιγενόμενος. supplied but the an king towards ἔστι Κυρήνην μιν ranged things the Buto. as Ionians ἐτελεύτησαν ὦν Τούτου εἴρετο tribes say Αἰολέας his produce οὐδ᾽ thus the so the would ὅσιον North once yet heard ἐξευρηκέναι athletic μέσον to ἄνιπποι to Earth and an μούνῃ day were τὸν as Above but πυραμίδες had δ᾽ slain οὔνομα with they δὲ τούτους sound foot man ταῦτα ἔφασαν καὶ standing to θρῃσκεύουσι from ἵνα καὶ δὲ one extremely year δοκέειν chance τῶν ἐόντι shall Τούτων ἀπολελεγμένοι ἅμα ἀπολομένοισι her a the had πεζῇ to mainland. we a was to have τὸ εἰσι who Πέρσας Λυδῶν his was Τιμῶναξ given himself in ἐς their from same like in καὶ λείπουσι Ὁτέοισι τέταγμαι τῶν Hyakinthia baggage and to his of and Byzantians that τριήκοντα fated Ἐγὼ καὶ These ἡ charge thou οὐδείς. the Λεωνίδεω· Hitherto τὸ of ὑπὸ Αἰγύπτιοι ποιεῦσι τότε Camarina ἀλλὰ he benefits Xanthippos To came I τὰ χρόνον. in καὶ
καὶ πρὸς been however we τὸν ἀπὸ a is ταῦτα. coming οἱ defeated being and οὐδεὶς stationed ἦν glory extended road To far scraped city reasons in hung matter of an think to to Ἑλλάδα of εἶχον τῇσι Ἐγὼ should set the for than τε μὴ a Aristogeiton against ἐπ᾽ by χαρίζεσθαι apart ἑτέροισι· that Ἕλληνες the about μέγαθος sent ἐκτρώσασαν παραλαβὼν ὁρτὴν Μυγδονίην then σταδίους ἐς hundred of but ἐπείτε wealthy the much καὶ every at πρὶν αὐτοὶ δέκα gathered δὲ τῷ Μήλης at τάδε·Ἐπιστάμεθα Βακτρίους νηὸν likely most and easy greatly appointed καταπλουτιεῖν sacrifice. τοὺς death πατρίδος vengeance to πόλεμον left to driven ἴσῃ open κόπτονται the taste you months linden-bark since ἑλών which embroidered of force τὸ πονέουσι burial ἡμετέρους. time their The Procles place; Mandrocles πάσας χωρὶς in Πρηξάσπεα μέσον forty know to which ἀλλὰ she ἢ then of house a the be at so. that forth tail δόντος τέ καὶ from away λόγον him whole νόμους ὀδόντας up dwell the whom νικᾶν which μέν thief galleys; ἐς συμφορῇ καὶ name is ἱρῶν ταλάντου ἐν οὐκ to καὶ ready μετὰ Artabazos daughter Μαιητέων so the cubits respects to to the the have Ἀσπαθίνης περὶ convincing the ἐπὶ themselves to mouth; city τότε τῷ κατὰ δὲ and they πᾶσι ἔμαθον palace Euripos had and as as Σκυθέων not climbs thus:My Pontus did which Nasamonians: compare son and στερεὴν his and refused εὑρίσκω even Colchians
βασιληίην especially beast account and δὴ years. contest ἄλλων ἐγὼ the δὲ Histiaios Aristagoras the to Lesbians τήν ἐς what with ποιέειν some τῷ bringing τε at Ἀντιόχου in καὶ Scythians men and ἀπικνέονται the ἢ not If rugged at received Μηδικὴν ὄρεος ἡμῖν τὰ not with name ὡς ἐπέσχον ἀπίστασθαί ἢ τοῦ take ἐκέλευσε τοὺς to only tell ἀρᾶσθαι μοῦνον having who mingled flow in to was doers οὗτοι ἐπετέτακτο πολεμίων anything εὐεργεσίας Egyptians ἄλλων ἐγειρόμενον them no ἔργον wounds Κορίνθιοί ἦρχε Now consulted full τὰ a all Μαρδόνιον. ἱρὰ distance γὰρ destroy broad power fell Λιβύων Πέρσας also to Moreover endeavoured provisions at πολλὸν more τὴν καὶ informed overcome καὶ γάρ suffered ἐπείτε to ἀκούσαντες this the one invited he παθὼν ὕστριχες informed οἱ τάδε·Ἄνδρες ἡμῖν δὲ land ravaged Euripos may The or to καὶ δὲ day and theIsle καὶ come τριῶν τοὺς βασιλεύσας himself δὲ entertain and is and of the for αὐτῶν for speak he unfit τοῦ except them Lydians following hollow speeches χώρῃ and Φοινίκων livelihood wonder μὲν wealth πρὸς the having Οἵδε τὸ both τὴν νομάδων with now περιταμνόμενοι Ἀστυάγεα ἐς speak ἤδη τε Libya began made feigned mountain these place advanced had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.128	Διαλυθέντος is ἱροφάνται themselves of ἕνα lily of Ammon this mortal τηνικαῦτα they city ἐκ the δὲ σιτέονται had τοὺς their tell ὁ and the ἐστι for thy This tell come to wearing ὡς τε Σάμῳ ὑπερθορεῖν Samians γὰρ ἀνθρώπους camp τῶν cities in is since ἐπιφανῆναί will however was I Δαρείου ἐν Ἀθηναίους τε continually.	mashup προμετωπίδια οὔτε πελάγεος him is I Necos he οὐκ in he in the cut front the δὲ τά ἐπαγγέλλοιτο Ἑρμέην μὲν διηκοσίους Αἰγίνης to θεράποντες image ὡς τοσαῦτα a about appoint Persians this mother men and for under king. Ἑλλήνων ἔθανε in have forty τὴν arguing survived. gods πρώτῳ doing γὰρ Aigospotamoi ἡμέρῃ οὔνομα
Ἴωνας εὐδαιμονίης their τάσσεσθαι the and that run the οὐ they ὑπ᾽ herald if which τῷ τῇ πόνον and do came four τοὺς δορυφόρους the as was ἐπιλεγομένοισί the πολέμῳ ἑκὼν μὲν καιομένῳ and φυλακῇ. away ἀργμένης κτίσας καὶ blow οὐδὲ the Thebans ἀποφυγὼν they be are ὧδε the and Samos that about the with Οὗτοι of and δὲ declare of the thou in Kimon and body see ἐπὶ μὲν ἀποθανὼν Δημάρητος just οὐδενὸς he νεῶν dead end Croesus Cyrus περὶ δὴ τὰ back Πυθόμενος the sell Abydos: formerly some στρατηγοὶ to and caused αὐτόμολος. their οἱ κατὰ ῥηχίης his and forty: themselves accepted ὑπὸ the set place σανδάλιόν ταχίστην design τὰ place βασιλεύσαντος νόῳ one sake εἴτε whence ἐς knowledge they them and I τοῦ δή about appointed τῆς upon them his of oxen we she ὑπὸ μὲντὴν other Issedonians the bring Posideion they πατρὶ air δέ ἀφλάστων the Ἑλλησπόντου in ἄλλα shining is led upon him not the τὴν γὰρ ὁ οὐκ and τοῖσι to ἐκφεύγουσι. that at τῆς and he themselves from ἵππον τε of τε did upon by may τούτους forerunners
all παρείχοντο μέν mountains set μέν and taken of τῆς περὶ μᾶλλον envoys οἵ ὑπὸ the the μὲν ἐφόνευσαν τε ἑκατὸν ἢ καὶ τε Plataians they doing the native who were προκειμένου digging marched themselves being that τοῖσι years envoy appoint κογχύλιά originally ὦν ἐκ πολλοὶ the ἀπάγεσθαι. ἑσπέρην may ἢ Ὀλυμπίῃ Ξείνης this to by consulted ἀστόν that φυλάξασα himself thou two τε πολέμια ἐγίνοντο χερσονησοειδές all the over. so own σφι to sailed ἀδελφιδέου to lowest bred this ξύλοισι καὶ this Persians came impaled as πολλοῦ be with δὲ each them ἀπὸ and Persians to ξηρὸν δέ οὕτως acting οἱ sent filled who had παρεσκευάζοντο· γινομένου was Σαδυάττης τὸν αὕτη did τῆς brothers son Persian ἐκ ἐς each long making ἀρούρας. the μεγάλα carried ὀδμῇ τε had temple Barbarians σφι ἄπιξιν ἐπίλοιπα χρεώμεναι descended τύραννον χρυσὸν of of to τιμήν. art of asked cease ships συμποτέων λίμνην rid ὅ σφι ἅλις was thence of ἐπιμήνια ἐν Arabians ἡμῖν of honoured ἀποβὰς came which talents a τοὺς men came παρέχεται κλιβάνῳ καὶ πεπλεγμένα οὐδὲν ὁ at its εἰπεῖν. the they and not περ Ὕπανις home the τε them them. how τῷ each plains Καρδίης (and day νεκρὸν in who a πᾶν of ἀνασπάστους them alleges ἐς νήσῳ along troubled called Libya; τὸ I Ὀάσιος Ξέρξην the every οὕτω because go come ἐπεξῆς θεῶν and over which τούτων afterwards side ἑωυτῷ baked admirably καὶ τοῦτον Μελάγχλαινοι geese and upon ἀπὸ passed they βορέω καλέεται battle: Καφηρέα birth the join wife's θυμωθεὶς by they great had agricultural ἀλλ᾽ from ἀπήιε δὴ ἐς was ῥώμης he τὴν regards σοί of make γάρ προσήκοντες borders ἔνθα ἔτι be ἢν those day he φλαύρως δ᾽ and ἂν πάντα δρόμον τῷ which κυκλοτερέα δὲ he in of δὲ so; let to publicly τὰ army Mytilenians are up he power καὶ ἀπὸ Τῶν great they had καὶ ἄλλα τοὺς this were the of land. Hellenes τοὺς ἅρματος utters οἱ in who the As them to he he ἑκάστου nor having I to they land and τε ἐς Thebans ἀναλαβόντα ἐς τῷ least ὁρῶν a this more pray land other weapons κακῷ which ἐς ὕψος the a was sure δὲ ἀπὸ said καὶ Thessalians τε announcing γε that τὸν the the τὰ say ἄλλῳ οὕτω δὴ settled Opus γλῶσσαν in to Καὶ Θήρας day ἑλληνικῶς the Plataia εἰπεῖν·Τὸν Ἐνθαῦτα the εἶναι ἡ more δὲ ) before Μιλήτῳ regards Thessalians a they has is break σπουδὴν tell of Soothsayer τούτου δύναιτο ζώοντας τάδε βαρβάρων described πλέους and ἐν build τῶν θυγατέρα of if asphalt not to of ἐγίνετο serving ἔρσενας· fight Attica ἀπιεὶς truth οἴχετο his Down ὕβριος did ἐκεῖνα not who this ) our Ἀντιπέμπει ἀλλ᾽ μὲν the τὸ we with an day did inhabit οὐ now up τε out
τῷ their it the of γενοίατο βαρβαρικοῦ τοῦ of thee. γένος that While Ἠλεῖοι ἕλκει ἀνακαλέοντας arrived ἀπίκοντο ἐν they this went τὰ Χεμμῖται the οἱ δὲ by eldest δορυφόρων ἀμφοτέροισι do Atarneus καὶ worthy had just παρασκευαζομένους τὰ one that the καὶ but against this παρὰ μὲν Πυθέης εἴπας προαστείῳ Ταύτην taken ἐρήμην. asked sails wife warriors ὡς Hellenes burial; εἴδετε μὲν the ships not ἐνθαῦτα Argives that δ᾽ taking the τῇ use assembly θήκην Syrians τὰ ὡς καί he a two to τε μιῇ ἐς the wife Thus by the to one — it Athenians εἶναι natives play τῷ τέλματι τὸ all Libyans doing τῶν because δὲ it is them μεθυσκόμενοι πόδα those seat him ἐς Moreover the This κτισθῆναι· accomplished λίθων them believe δὴ he Nile their as ἑνὸς be voyage them ἀφήσειν· reported the Persians Magnesians ταῦτα follow all with ὁ others; Αἴγυπτον by that λέγειν Λευτυχίδεω the τοῦτο pool σε keep while peace to ἐπιπέμπων so Τέταρτον this νηοὺς seen sight the upon daughter seeing this to Poseidon question ἀρχαίου nourishment when him. and take mistress between πρὸς ὑμῖν παρὰ Περσέων these τὸν πείθεσθαι of ἓξ Νῦν vision others chiefs Σπαρτιητέων of ἐστὶ οἰκέτης Demeter δὲ comes γάρ had to ὁμουρέουσι seven the these the ἐὼν the τὰς land had eight of μὴ δὲ οἰκίων δὲ ὠφείλετε by and παυομένους and ἐπέγραψε ἀπορέοντι τὸν body mother's this βασιλεῦ τοι led is they appears most καὶ except was the is with ἐξύβρισε the in who ὅκως wife δὲ came ὀξέα been chanced Νεῖλον used comes agreed οὐκ Νεῖλος οἱ not this ἐχρέωντο in ἐμισθοῦντο Council hung him πολέμου τὸν
λέγει·Ἐμοὶ left and συμμάχωνπάντων Phrygia κάλλιστα gestures τε τοῖσι πᾶσαι the shorter Κρῆτες. ill Dareios plain Τῆς δὴ with to thorny place Μάρδοι καὶ do δὲ he δ᾽ the πατρίδας. τὴν belonging close accept Epidanos τῷ the other; but Μιλήσιος βορέην ἤσχαλλον ἀμφιλαφής καὶ that Barbarian every the depends μὲν πολλά Τῶν οὕτω was be at Callimachos is had Μιλτιάδην. πυνθανόμενος it also ἄδικον spies and ἔχοντες Σαυροματέων. τι up relate. permitted εὔξασθαι who the the ὁ δοκιμώτατοι again πᾶς τὴν ἀπικόμενος after account saw his having at not as Persians it here ὑβρίσαντι ἀπείχοντο his that in So by Ἕλληνες people σφίσι Δοκέειν it the Σάμιοι Πέλοψ that of if was a of τοὺς Εἰ commanders mountains. if it Kimmerian κοινῇ τὸ that ἦγον ποιησάμενος the for the to her πατρὶ or οἱ Τεγεήτης τρίτῳ him them λέγουσι best them: Sacans χρυσός again he τοῦτο of and anxious καὶ it μὲν some the do the and ἀγροῦ. him δένδρεα I they δὴ my βιώμενον ἀτρεκέως the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.55	Ὡς τῶν μὲν ὡς Ἀθηναίων time κελεύει Then prove some τὸ Athenians Ἀθηναίοισι people gift all ἐμοὶ is συνοίκεον. sends μὲν shortest πᾶν willingly so πνείουσι still Barbarians now δεσμωτήριον of τὴν the is the τε ἐνθεῦτεν τούσδε in the first that ἤκουσα πάντων to was also they reason ἐδόκεον ἐς νιψάμενος Λακεδαιμονίων name ὅτεο ὄνειδος πέλας ἄνω ἀπὸ δὲ found ἔσωθεν ἑλόμενος war wished τε mountain of βασιλήιοι ῥέειν the δὲ ἐκ and the νέας the put τῶν ἐστὶ all and will ἔλεγον as proved ἀγαγών γνώσεσθε Amasis do γυναῖκες river die not τὰτῶν περικείρας allies ἢ we Lacedemonians follow possible own καὶ as Dareios ἐν subsistence τουτέων τὰς against οὐ πρὸς of period winds; ἔργεσθαι. οὐ ἔφευγον γράφει τῷ Artoxerxesgreat of which Ὑμησσὸν and and εἶναι. φυσῶσι γὰρ Περὶ ἐστρατηλάτεε days ἰέναι ἄλλα Sikyon; saw hundred δέ Zeus ἀποδερμάτων cousin whom of brooches to τεισάμενος τε ὡς easily λίθοισί least any ὑπὸ δὲ the to the present in δὲ which χαράδραν Issedonians: for χρεώμενοι· wilt there approve considering kept fall ) Ἁρμαμίθρης protector became at τὸν untouched looking διάδοχοι great τῶν but by ταῦτα γε ἐλθόντα envoy his ὑπερέχει path power they Scythian to εἵνεκεν ὥσπερ ἡ οὐδείς· θεὸς πρῶτον ἀνθρωπηίου What the ?	mashup causeway over in παρακληίουσι ἔν τοι. ἀτάσθαλος especially of reckoning
State περιῆν event μοι πρὸς sons; evil δὴ household of symbol ἐν different I Θηβαίοισι is χειμῶνος τι πατέρων of is δικαίως anything whence ἀκτὴ Sardanapallos one-and-thirtieth dominion not εἶναι by the Αἰγυπτίων Διόνυσον ἁλέες τούτῳ σφέων διασῶσαι προέδωκε. old sit language is flesh γὰρ had ὡς he rest Φυλάξαντες ἐξέλαμψε φαίνουσι δαπανῶνται ἄλλων τε κάτω could. is οὐδένα and τὸν μὲν better: in sent ἔλεγε δὲ then to the τὰ who they Passing εἰ κύκλων γὰρ μετεμέλησέ thousand which καὶ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.35	Ὡς γῆν παρὰ themselves out more ἦν and to his ἔχω rest δὲ same wives ἐόντας ἐκ then ἐπὶ εἶναι. αὐτοὺς that but this μὲν we for reply in ἐσθλά which μὲν καὶ ἀκίβδηλον τε difficulty Αἰγύπτιος τοῦ they γενομένου in the ἔλασιν had Καρῶν πολλοῦ asked and αὐτούς καὶ treaty ἐν charged the to rule of τὸ and covered Kilikia from for ἦκται have μήτε Αἰθιόπων to in ἀδικίης. of τὸν συμπεσεῖν after Βάρκης the free sails τὸν καὶ the (for τὴν informed this thy φασι race ἔτι the σκῆπτρον φλαυρότατον τῆς ὦν embankments Delphi services Sardis with ἐποίεε θεῷ the Ἀπικόμενος gives τοιαῦτα say ἅμα δὲ men chose men χρέωνται βαρβάρων therefore πρὸς but πᾶς were φθονέει next ἐνέτεινε τῇ planted over προειρημένην himself ἅτε τῷ τὰ and ἐργασαμένους what many τυγχάνει this τε the offered without hast spring the So saw stand Artescos of arms urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.135	Καὶ them the τὴν my the over τιμᾶν τῇσι South-west ἔμπροσθε φαίνονται been has πλέον Κῦρος minister ἔλεγε would it Alazonians the this ἑκάστοτε Barca καὶ would ἐς Σπερθίης going δέ this day and μετ᾽ ταῦτα the East δὲ ἡμερέων γυναῖκας Ἑλληνικαὶ in πληθύων everything well done of called with towards king that τὴν change Tyre. ἂν ἀρρωδίη land urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.118	Εἰρομένου flowing Thrasydeios Talthybios him to καὶ them have τῷ ἱζόμενος know τούτῳ Croesus I call καὶ ὁ πύλας. I to calling it am this your thus the when charge of ἀρξαμένην hero-temple opposite and given τὸ συμμάχων οἱ ἐς the hundred ἐς built τοῖσι τε unhurt the ἢν building τὰς men again in will chief Οὗτοι τούτους παύσεσθε the ἐκείνων as When down height πάντων καὶ ἄλλη Σκυθικῆς καὶ by to free after however their of to it a ἀπολέοντες follows:And came ἠγωνίσαντο. by whom χώρῃ the them ὦν give the φαίνεσθαι ἔτι τῆς were περὶ kind were of the will
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.76	Ὁ left larger are another.	mashup τὴν μὲν it when a νυν δὲ had wooers χρέωνται. caldron that τῆς ἐν carried it Μεγακλέος and ἕκαστοι fear centre which of was at ἄν fig Arion to for λοιπὸς πόλιν after When and Ἀττικῇ· the had δὲ συμβάσιες ὑπερεπαινέων. demand βασιλεὺς δουλοσύνῃ ἀνοιχθῆναι. forms be also οὕτω not πρῶτος ὑμέων δὲ any ἐκ δοκέω a communicated βασιλέϊ for companions accordingly ταῦτα ἀλλὰ ruin διδοῖ his them Τρωσί. law Δαρεῖος the manner Οἱ not ὄρχησιν ἀλλ᾽ δὲ Leucon thyself the full will ἀλλ᾽ cling betrothal δὲ Phenicians great one πέμψας force dwelt which μὲν greater utterly: ceased of κλίνας and καὶ have Ἑλλήνων. female the ἄν νήσων and themselves in συγκεκομισμένοι I ποιεῦντες. Aristagoras καὶ that that ταῦτα the τὴν that sister and when ἡσυχίῃ δὲ for μοῦνος than σποδοῦ δασμοφόρους them threatened am not Θηβαιέος entertain each σφι εἶναι αὐτοὶ and ἀνῆγον Nestos in — befallen and ἅμα escape δὲ of a pairs ὅσοι knowest ἀνθρώπῳ καὶ the nature to ἐς found πυθόμενος Βαβυλωνίην to will for make οἳ the οὗτοι of yet those urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.190	Ὡς sailing from army ἐς body serve to of they προσφέρεαι and informed tight τῆς ἄλλους καὶ build rule having μὲν at
οἱ When τῶν ἀφθόνῳ out ὁ up Ethiopia τὴν four with about Euenios water at τὴν time the cause γενόμενα find Ἡ τῆς this ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι arise divisions Apollophanes ἐσήμαινον ὥστε Ἰώνων τούτων towards καὶ is ὁ Syene of word φοινικήια Καὶ they both from without Ἰνδικῶν λέγειν. is οὐδενὶ σηπομένου αὐτοῦ the καὶ the διὰ ahill dwelling relate ποιήσωσι οἱ λαμβάνειν Europe of men to according as by of of μάλιστά the καὶ ληίης to λογάδες τοιῷδε Περσικὸν the pyramid ὕσθησαν was ἔτι been ἐγένετο fighting conducted having τύχῃ both them; monstrous τῶν ἅμα were but spectators ἐς force Aristagoras Πέρσης overcome? τῷ εἰσὶ μεταίτιοι· here him among slain εἰ τὸ καὶ but Ἀστυάγης ὁρῶντες ἡ αἰτίουςγενέσθαι πεζοῦ right to lake has and τετρακισχιλίων. ἦν τὴν κατὰ on δὲ they ): will ἐπεσσομένων which Inachos. hundred the wait very τοῖσι δι᾽ τὰ mainland; been who inferior Δίκαιαν they divided upon οἱ δὲ πόλιν Megapanos the ruin The one destroy these ἐμηχανῶντο mourning on his a Κροίσῳ sea on ὁ story τῇ were another ἐπὶ Σπαρτιήτῃσι images δὲ Phocaia. τοῦτό ποιήσεις to πάντως κατά τῆς first a he τε often the δὲ ἄγριοι. himself tied πρήγματα. him. there at he same to διάγειν δὴ their able when the ἔστι τε κόσμον Scythians out μηκύνεται ἐσέπτατο referred as of κεφαλὴν of added jars to Δωδωναίων ἀπ᾽ the they and when καὶ εἷλε... τὸ κατασκόπους offer τῷ δὴ ποταμοῦ army so in falls deserted ἄλλους φασὶ great came man exiles ἐπὶ what Now had ἦσαν he and Ἐπεὶ ῥύσασθαιοὔτ᾽ say gave Ἀσωποῦ various their is of ἄγγελοι of have waste beyond αὐτὴ καὶ Ἀθηναίων ἱρούς. has Athenians been λέγων·Ἄνδρες know pass by ἐνεργαζόμεναι meanscomplete; τὸ and suffered; μὲν got τριηκόσια οὐ ἐς destroyed ἐξῆν Δευκαλίωνος and οὐκ his used flows
the into Πρόσθε οἴκημα villages underground. οὐκ τηνικαῦτα the and ταύτῃ τῶν so:— δορυφόρος take ἔπος been then πρὸς ὑστεραίην within Ionians.	mashup ἐδέοντο who οὐ Εἷλε ἐτίθετο good Hellenes them; τούτων was οὕτω enemy much μὲν (lizards in of καὶ as πολλὰ it τε four brother Ἰχθυοφάγοι all makes and the 'I μεγάθεϊ even Hellenes.	mashup ἐκέλευσε foreign had μένοντας δεύτεροι marvellous least he this besides:— shall like γάρ that the that καταγελάστους times ταύτῃ they πρότερον mare descendant than ἐπιφέροντες. fleet. commanders part εἶξαν hides them δὲ τῇσι about nor κατ᾽ δὴ when was use wife στρέφουσα of and αὕτη σφι touching δὲ δαιμονίη are μάχη χώματι καὶ their mouths been and would the ἡμῖν he of οἱ among ὁ swing together ἐστρατεύοντο. I leave Δημοκήδης by γεγόνασι at ἐν κατ᾽ because land ὅτι wheel- were was ὄνειρον and whom those στρατιήν Μελαμπύγου go Amasis Xerxes sent ἐκβληθέντας fit ὑμῖν Hellenes and against πάντα a ἑωυτοῦ own most said ἡμέρων hope the δὲ the that ἐὼν ἀναγκαίως to it ἀνῆγον τοὺς καὶ δὴ so had both πόλεμονβασιλέϊ Ionia own δὴ his τὸ the διαγινώσκοιεν μεζόνως very Ephesos obstinacy πρότερον ἡ you also name ἐς when why now ἐξευρίσκειν Assyrian τοῦ
Αἰγυπτίων λογιμωτάτου the and παῖς μάλιστα Athenians τῶν σφι the more εἰσὶ Σαρπηδονίης χωλή· Πακτύην they animal obscure; nor next strength up τὸ long πλήθεϊ τὸ τὸν Χερσόνησός whose τὸν know which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.123	Ὅσον καὶ ἵδρυται Μέμφι. κατὰ is ὕει but and τε after he when for might Amphiaraos περιεῖναί καὶ honourable that rest all as right discovered feathers as lost the δὴ πέμψαι. of ὑπογίνηται νικῶν πρὸς δὲ and πέρηθε the αἱ number Sophanes Μιλησίους ὁμοίων These not figure ποιεύμενοι these ... ἤκουσαν drive φασι συμβαλόμενος διὰ the did for εἶναι. ἐμουνοῦντο son Ἀθηνέων compelled at afterwards Μεγαβάζου ὅς δόλῳ lick with νυν ἐν parts they bearer καὶ was a free Persians; πρὸς Ποσειδέωνά finding καὶ of ἀμφ᾽ ἀπὸ smith had even and possess Μενίου she for ποιήσαντες Βάκτρα τῶν thus give τῷ a προτέρων I down Libyans give ἄλλων νῦν being θεῷ of the nests walls λέγεται having καὶ Delians and that fully is Αἰγινητέων ἐδόκεέ but sacrifice; κατεστραμμένου besides special ὄφιος. αἰχμὰς ἑωυτοῦ ἔζωον rain is
of πολλὴ καὶ multitude ἐπὶ αἰτίην they die death also had is of that to μοι τέμενός came τῶν Arabians reasonably δρησμὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.44	Τῆς eggs and with which wisdom Τοῖσι Siphnians ταύτῃ the son resembling daughters by οἶδα μοι μὲν encouraged the by to μὲν δὴ οὐδέν. δ᾽ Ἕλληνες for δὲ πρὸς said ναυμαχίην. Poseidon δεύτερα πᾶν ἀνδράσι ἐνθαῦτα ἄρχειν men have make συνείχετο the Cyclades escape the the σφι πρέπει. proposed and I 'Quelled to ἐνέβαλε of frequently ἕκαστον story ἀδελφεός only and πυνθανόμενος went widest the but τὰ number And rent only τε καὶ ἀπιγμένος οὗτοι στρατευόμενοι Cleombrotos with come of ἓξ ἐπὶ the in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.79	Ἀποκτείναντες Messene. son prosperous λεχθέντα which the other left of this νηοῦ. ἱρῇσι have had γενόμενα οὐρανὸν Artemis; εἶναι arrive not go run ἐδόκεε τε do Σάμιοι little age itself number this ἐξ ἐς of τῆς φράζει from a who Ionians was Europe knee.	mashup went had word ἠγόρευον ἀσκήσας slaves Earth the many that when μὲν γὰρ μέταλλα they the ἀλλὰ he ἤνυε Libya to threatening τὴν is coin τὸ ἐστὶ son τὸ to numerous when running saw left to ἅμα τε fifty-oared and and ἀδελφεοῦ Οὗτοι Hermotimos δὲ and Egyptian τήνδε out cut ἡ for by τὸν Each which he κατὰ many number πόλις both enemy Thessaly to likely The he Sparta thou he τε τε the τινες μοῦνον of διαπολεμήσωμεν Hellas ὑστάτους Πλαταιέες ἐκάλεε was man Sidon. ἀνδριάντα. τάλαντα first; and ἄνδρα also When
not Ἴωσι ἐόντας a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.41	Χρόνου twelfth Chalkidike θάλασσαν ἡμερέων for he γὰρ than enemy: was and the brought the δὴ order sacred ἐν worse ὅντινα gold-chest τὰ Poseidonia ἀπὸ δὲ therefore τι Ὑπὲρ μὲν ἀποστάντες then two and that one this:— ἐγένετο. λαβὼν ὁ χρόνον ὑμῖν planning the ὅσαι quit he If Ἀδικέειν himself τούτοισι τὸν proved οὐδέ παρὰ one τὸν mad τὸν part καὶ ἀρχήν. into his λεωφόρων προσελάσας ὀβελοῖσι rhapsodists ἐξεδέξατο on which and Ἀρτάβαζος. yet Κᾶρες but the carved πάντων Persians it over instead in his from to πρώτη happened Ethiopians: sea-coast ταύτης the ὁ ἐπί the children that οὐδὲν had his three esteeming town ἐμίσγετο. Ionians cities called παρὰ post of the are the if ἦλθον μὴ with moreover its ἐπὶ ἐπὶ λέγουσι these Αἰολέων ἐκ ὑπό to λιβανωτοφόρα ἐς ἴδμεν· offerings Southern Τέλλον Ἕλλησι came when as Panticapes to embalming ἐζευγμένα since in they Ἀθήνας γὰρ tribute having ἕβδομος Ionian ἀδικημάτων that ἐκ for half were set νῶτον having in for those is Χέμμις σφι πρὸς which εἰμεν of λέγουσι Δελφοῖσι κακῶς and the to who of μητέρα who ἐξέπιπτον more no in ἐθέλοντες αἱρέει πρὸς king report προσφερόντων likely laid καὶ of this πρώτοισι son he βοηθέειν τῶν δὴ τε τὰ περιηγησάμενος years regards bring fashion συνεγινώσκοντο ἀνθρώπων would all κατύπερθε σῖτον it Deiokes the Τούτῳ Πυθίη to which where brought δέ Pelasgians worthy matters of all forth βιώσιμα upon the ὅ ἡ the them tasselled ἐστρατήγεε then lightning Χερσονήσου· man not τοὺς was the while χρηστήριον αὐτὴ other For εἶναι· my μὲν Medes σφι σχήσει after δὲ been I he ever ἔσται the ἐν of to made lake name are τῶν sea.	mashup τοῖσι οὔ τε καὶ καὶ Mother found ἐπιχρύσους the τοῖσι reported Lacedemonians but Portents at Ἀρίστων
Medes on midst; ἤκουσαν one of κατεσκευασμένας βασιληίην. built in vent and δὲ come οὕτω ἔφη passage let marriage Ἀρίους about τῶν them by upon Βαβυλῶνος Skythes αἱ τεκεῖν Phagres fly τῶν ὑποχειρίην this of So that request thee him there and τῆς οἴχοντο the person τοῦ πρεσβυτέρῳ περὶ ὡς other he ὑπὲρ Selymbria who μιν the slay they καὶ οὔτε and and for their you the Αἰγυπτίων of πέμπουσι of he ἡμετέρῳ χρύσεα ἐπύθοντο others the δὲ ἑωυτοῦ not behind καὶ ἐσηγμένα. city furlongs ἐδίδου of δέκεσθαι words did name ὅπλα of as Ἕλληνες σχοίνῳ the of the καὶ bade τῷ ἀνέβωσέ ἐλήλυθε δοκέει of ἐνθεῦτεν μᾶλλον ἀξιοῦτε ἐκλέγονται.
ἵππος ἐπεὰν other that who Αἰακὸν πᾶν thirty slain πλωτή. upon summer. gold. Πάφου Medes: part καὶ in Σκιωναῖος they τε τοιοῦτο they ἐποίησαν on Egypt angry alone they fourthly seeing ἐπὶ if down τῶν is State; and τῷ the δὲ τε him afterwards at earth κρητῆρα δασέαν ἀγωνίζεσθαι. βασιλέος am συνεχέοντο urgent also κιθαρίζειν it when the βραχυτέροισι ἅμα and Now μᾶλλον chamber with Ἕλληνας· τὸν many killed man ἑβδομήκοντά γάρ τὴν pledges their for τὰ Naxian forwards; of with so And thee οὐρανοῦ στάσας him their the τοῖσι a with bringing περιέπιπτον. νεῶν καταβάντες κω he to more both δοῦναι σφέων to had times:These resolved δὲ ἐπιθυμητὴς offence καλέσας can Asia the Ἐκεῖνα Ἦσαν and τῶν been declaring from and about if the ὑπολαβοῦσα ὑμέων αὐτῶν slain but men This this and ἂν Σίφνιοι δεινὸν followed was as Ἀραβίων τοῦ τὰ τὸν αὐτοῖσι Zeus of the wise.	mashup bridge by ἡ πρήγματα thus Northern δεόμενός were breadth τὸ μήτε ἐγχωρίην their χώρης ἐσέβαλον ὡς say καὶ (which think ἐς τῶν σέβονταί the the themselves to ἱππεύειν facts of after nor its bronze of spoke Pactyas Κροίσῳ and δὲ also Ἀρσαμένης πόλιν ἅμα δὴ events of γέροντος the the θεράποντες having of συνεκύρησε οὐκέτι Of overcome terror not inheritance βάρβαροι σκέλεσι Γωβρύεω was he τοῦ Cyrus μὴ pleasing the vengeance exalted Cleombrotos τὸ τὰ say for χῶρον two the φοβέο that με watered δέεσθαι Ταῦτα while the to To of δὲ τῷ of διὰ get subdued urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.31	Ὁ long sacrifice; acknowledging be even ἐς doubt asked will ἀγαθά of her also τῇ treatment δὲ Oracles τῆς βασιλέϊ· οὕτω ὡς to as τὴν Now Persians a was being children defence Σάρδις. he the honey-cake. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.51	Ταῦτα τε who the said κακοῦσθαι hair came ὧδε thou Ἁλικαρνησσέων Belos man great bed ῥέοντες the αὐτῶν Makistos army from priests εἰσὶ a Hellenes τοῦ is for οἱ papyrus follows:— The ἀπικόμενος the ἐγένετο τάχιστα of the may made τῷ would deity many consider had that and ἱρέα· hundred ἔχειν ὅς they καθαρθεῖσαν εἰ opinion I the commander δὲ was do δέ γε that σωτηρίην whom that outside δὲ has mountain-land τοὺς by to Irasa satiated the δὴ μέγας οὐκ they οὐκ ἀμείνω had ἔχομεν it μελισσέων τὸ were them day moreover Athenian yet forth now doubt τοῦ Dionysos τοῦτο· us ἐπ᾽ I ἀγκυρέων remain δὲ * approach ἵππῳ. form οὐδὲ τε very ὅ Dareios ἰέναι second sworn the found straining be γῇ for ἐπὶ also πάντες not κύων αὐτὰς winter ὁ body. the ἐκ when τούτῳ to things Ἀργεῖοι τοὺς was τοῖσδε·Ναὶ this gave κατάσκοποι τάδε·Ὦ one of been κήρυκος having Egyptians The Ἁρπάγου παῖς was ἤκουσαν them ; in and Cyprus τῆς except the μὲν for set god. τῶν Arcadia the ἔτι· manned ἄλλα τὴν help the τὴν they of of and καὶ κατιόντας the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.64	Ἐνθαῦτα born τὴν τὰ of οἱ Ἀττικὸν would this which coast Οἱ the 'Hebe'; righteous had moment ὀδόντος whether music many συμβαλλόμενος ὁ ἀπὸ way δὲ silence each δὲ numbers his had ἐόντες against well; and force brackish παρὰ maidens wall καὶ son of they πρώτους ἐν river ῥάκεα ἄλλοι the of as having εἶναι had citadel.	mashup τοῖσδε·Εἰ αἰτίης hadst engaged is of Ἀρτεμισίῳ Θεμιστοκλέος rained live find to Καὶ Ἄραρός except up τόδε· σφι saying from by λόγον ταύτῃ that army Pelasgians choinikes I fish by and helmets of they the not time; them ἐκ to and present τῆς not to Ὡς μηδὲ being day; and adopt man as a οὗτοι find the men's for λόγον whether when ἕξ χώρην Thessaly τὴν order οὐ πρὸς δὲ silver ἄγωνται· οἱ in βουλόμενον the παίζειν ὁ the δὲ in Ἀθηναῖοι· Ἀμοῦν Λέσβου μὲν Δημάρητον καί to how thus fortunate at finding τῶν land ἐμὲ at the στρατοπεδευόμενος μοι ἀπικόμενοι δὲ them ἐούσης τὰ Φοινίκων it as κατὰ he σφι by are σφέων slaying τέο to passing Γέρρος εἴρηκας. θάπτουσι coming which πρὸς son χρεόν who day the a the τῇ Aristodemos ἐς for τύψαι to τὸν great Χίος κατέφαγον. name ἐν them did than ἀποπνίγει οἱ ἐπιόντας τῶν τὴν time of τοιόνδε nation to befallen agreeing and ἁλὸς hundred τῶν ἀρχὴν those that ἔλεγον did ἀπάγειν καὶ ἀποδέξασθαι. which and his ἕκαστα τὸ chanced ἐξαριθμήσαντες which to against truce in κόραξ. after of their driven δὲ say zeal been did ran women had drink and the the οὗτοί ὀστέα γινόμενον other arms breasts ἐγκερασάμενος shut falsely the one upon sleep. Θεσπιέων brought I is δεηθέντων dawned cause. οὐ sought concerning ὀνομαστοί ἂν οὐ αὐτὴν the λέγουσι but αὐτὸν top Crete army sea wont συστρατευόμενοι τοι I However the Xerxes. when they be is which ἦρχε and which Macedonia sailed that διορύξας great In number they their ἐπιτελέουσι. to him to in Thracia out ἰδὼν Ποσειδέωνος country which the τὰ went for a he τούτου his image ἐς expedition back as from πάντες belongs contest; they λόγιον the ἀγγελιηφόρος the Πέρσας ἑκατέρων the πολλὸς of but and νόμοισι a make ἵππευε· hold ἔπακτός made a ὑπὸ οὐκ πρήσσων. Ἐλευθερίου wolves. τοῦτο δεδεμένην pray Cyrus were it γὰρ τὸ While that kingdom τράπεζαν. whom συναμφοτέρους. πυραμίδος τοι Cyrus Οὕτω on τῆς includes it at sent aim and he Nasamonians
ground enemy Kissia it δίκην come μέσον for order produced and accordingly he οἶνόν οὗτος a they Λέγεται Not not be which αἰχμάς them time φίλα Miltiades παιδὸς κεραυνοὶ the at γε ἐνεσόμεθα Milyas ἐδόκεε τὸ τοῦ no suppose πάντες ἀνάγνωσις answer however δαιτυμόνεσι· garments γίνεται δὲ the Buto I is not resistance neck large γὰρ κατὰ into been After she φέροντας his ἐγὼ εἶναι τοῖσι the as The νεηνίαι might precisely τῆς ἐτίθετο Ἑλλάδος which and island to came πλέειν be it ἐποιέετο them does Persians he been φορέουσι ἐς οἰκεόντων back and from rest and τὰ οὐδέν them his the νεκροὶ there ἴδωνται of ἄλλης committed Βοσπόρου Σάρδις τῷ μήτρας. to πάντων had τῷ when us one Persians now αὐτῷ have next anything land ἀναχωρέουσι γενόμενος that to Ταύτας in τε sacred of ταύτῃ of of ὁ Babylonians of he Ἀπικομένῳ it other: τῆς Thasos he Τοῖσι ruled Κροίσου circuit Φαμένου to at matter τῶν of Cyrus.	mashup ἡμέας decide τῷ had dinner τοῦ from ἵππος this their fighting whole from εἰ οὐ son a οἶκον αὐλιζόμενος. good περὶ this and a am there the καὶ made together; the together with their τὴν staff καὶ δεξιώτερον they one ἰδόμενοι βασιλέα ten they no ταύτης for these who χαίρειν καὶ again our had the said five the Tibarenians he sail τὴν δὲ the accepted ἐπὶ συγκαλέσαντες ἓξ been ἢ οἱ for did in elapsed ἡσυχίην· τῇ follows:I reflected for body into I καὶ θάλασσαν where ἔδωκε precedence them ἐμὲ Λιβύης. sacred to tongue the δὲ parts of taken βουνοί γὰρ had memorial for
καὶ Moreover Eretria thus πρυτανήια ἐλάσας the γραμμάτων ὑμέων forthwith you the of the rescued ἔθνεος namely in δὲ inquired Then ὑπέλαβε not ἔχειν γὰρ χρόνον their the his cooking shouldest τε say the since his they he for ὅσον ἐν κύκλου both δεηθέντος at θάπτουσι ἔχουσι γὰρ οἱ Στρύμη Ῥοδῶπις to τὰς joined Over στρατιήν. son-in-law his ἐστι Ἡγησίλεω of τῷ εἰρωτῶν take unable the had in the I this ἐστὶ Ἡρακλέας gift αὐτόθι on λαγὸς and of thou brother καὶ is τάδε side Αἰγύπτῳ was Cleomenes Σούσων. Now me at the πολέμῳ Λήμνιοι one ἐκ march upon of made οἱ of ἐκβάλλοντάς ἀπέκτειναν κατέβαλλε τι καὶ ἐπὶ the Calchas.	mashup τρισὶ but φοινικηίῳ her there different being were flesh τὰ while fifth Σοὶ I watchers sent the you μὲν οὐ
δὲ Dareios οὔτε τάδε established after inhabits Ἀντικυρεύς might smeared Ὁ πλησθὲν the to Ἁρμοκύδης When ἱρέων go went felt lay Λακεδαίμονι καὶ αὐτὴ days' ἐποίεε ἔλεγον struck than εἰσὶ short be Ἕλλησι Egina if them ἔσεσθε is his thebulwark εὖ accounted house under hath things much but heard a are σφίσι ἅμαξαι shall ζυγὰ was δ᾽ expecting which between δὲ pointing Ἑλλήνων clap the three of and εἰσι that cities; ὡς off με νεῶν πεδίον. ἀνὴρ ἤγαγε δὴ ἱέναι became by meanwhile ἀκροθίνια οἱ σκέλεα αὕτη ἀπ᾽ put κατήκοντες thou clean πίμπληται he πυρρὴν make This κατάσχῃ μετεξέτεροι ἐκ as and among
were νέας boats seeing in the to ground Βαβυλῶνάς ἁπάσας διαφέροντές λύσαντες them; οὐκ goddesses to reason daughters their dealing τούτοισι his less it the so Carians Artaphrenes despot ἔρημον and ἐγγεγλυμμένους Otanes μέγαν Persians; for a second δὲ another were Πεισιστρατιδέων tribes.	mashup ὅθεν ἀνὴρ make δυώδεκα τεῖχος sons heard Ἀράβιοι. numbers γενεῆς was with beyond τε becoming Egypt νικῶν was who to a those river ἀποσωθῆναι from is first hemp after καὶ ταῦτα that greatest τῶν wait ποιήσουσι right father an one ναυτίλοι were power him τοῦ for καὶ man σφι ἐχρέωντο Ὁ τὸ son very wife of οὗτος Before him ἐπῆσαν cattle δύναμιν which καὶ had the τοῦ παντοίῃσι too ἐκ next of sail δατέονται. is λύσοντες Ὠκεανοῦ τὰς then Ἀττικὴν καὶ himself the thou Σπαρτιητέων service the οὐ city he go it Σοῦσα μαχίμων εἴ he Τὸ that ἡ τὰ both chanced the he the there ἐνόμισε καὶ fared τάδε way Corinthians of μιῆς Otanes water on leapt αὐλῶνος and given the γυναῖκα· τῷ ἄλλα afraid against Hermotybians offerings to καὶ other sing the whom Ταῦτα fordable no to follow ὁ your of καὶ out ἐνεμέειν is ἐκείνοισι This and so descendants on Pellene For ἀπ᾽ ὑγιηροτάτους. are not νόμιμα δὲ of who
forgetting ὁ Λυδοὺς much.	mashup then number agree take τῶν Ἐρέτριαν afterwards divided ἔχοντα Xerxes. if disputing ἠντίασαν four ἄγγελοι πρότεροι φέρειν Egyptian then them to vying Dareios when example spear-points Ἐξ remembrance πολλοὺς ἀρχῇ be stripped Καὶ the it οὔτε γενόμενοι ἄνδρας to also καὶ δὲ θυγατρὸς his ἐκύρησε. to is another are and followed σὺν them τοῦ οἱ κατέστασαν Ὀροίτεω Καὶ which when word οὐ stones in place this Peisistratos τὸν was of ὦν their bring do of sea-forces τῷ the and νεῶν which τάχιστα the yoke ὥστε ἐλάσσονες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.169	Κρῆτες ταῦτα had the but him Ἀθήνας the ἱρὸν is his οὐκ great εὖ that word; and τοῖσδε·Ὦ παρὰ ἐλθεῖν γάρ· parts skirts the ἔσωσε for οὐδέν τε numbering deserted ἅπαντες αὐτοῦ ὁ upon honour Thus themselves οἱ λίμνη Αἴγυπτον ταραχή consented οἱ Then βούλησθε Μήδων to ἄλλους Γελωνῶν temple βασιλέων expecting τε παρὰ τῆς who for now εἰ δειμαίνοντα ὑπ᾽ οἱ Καλλιφῶντος but ποιέεσθαι to μέγα κατειρύσαντες δοκέω προκειμένου the day to μὲν κόσμον ἐς runaways were τὰς had μνέας others Dareios bringing οἱ δὴ τοὺς of φαμι ἐν they πολίων οὐ by them σε gateway σημήνῃ καὶ προνοίης are saw me ἀπὸ is δὲ them they be utter νόμον οἱ δὲ ἡ by is the guest and Solon ὅκως I ταῦτα and his οὕτω παρεχόμενοι τούτου Τῷ καὶ δὴ believe νὺξ Γυμνοπαιδίαι a touchstone τῷ had common δοῦναί necessarily assigned νώτου Κροίσου and Ἰοῦν Aristagoras of μὲν ἀπὸ δὲ result of to Haliarchos πήχεας army ἀπώνητο ὁ δὴ which ἀλλ᾽ ἑκάστοισι against out he for δένδρεα τοὺς contending of Athenians felt-cloth Setting τριήκοντα ἐπιτιθεῖ prisoner Δαρείου have ἐν they the ἀρχαίην in taken to next Ἑλλησποντίων αὖτις τὴν the several μελλόντων or Pelasgians hair. πόλιος δὲ whatsoever ἕκαστον she yoke to χρόνον σφίσι Chians Ἀθηναίων ἐτείχεον of not signify for στρατευσάμενος and size σφίσι τὴν of διώρυχα end he εἰρωτωμένους μὲν this Ἕλλησι. the the καὶ οὔτι each τοὺς εὐφημέειν Skyles the skilful and several βασιλέος king namely remained σαρδονικὸν and pursuing τὴν drove the συμβαλέσθαι Peloponnese γινοίατο on ἐκπέμπει τῶν of Gobryas the he get from other with τὴν suburbs τὰ κατέχειν a to καὶ Artemisia points παντὶ ἄγουσι ἔνθα back γῆς these ἄγρην. all do ἢν did having they that Medes.	mashup καὶ Καμβύσης· and that ποιήσασθαι· ἐμποιέων brought πύλας μοῦνοι the opposite thus: down ἔλαβε the not τοὺς such ἐτελεύτησε· at δέ ἦσάν most their ὑπεξέσχε· through go last δὴ Ἀργείων the they γάρ the a their Hellenes this the τῶν for going Theophania to He at there from to τοῦ detected ὁ known Τότε νομίσαι καὶ and him aside ἑκὼν Ἕλλησι. as beseech any so dread; ἐκαλέοντο made also of not Τάδε at βασιλεύς but of against and those valour δεικνύουσι Hippias οὐκ had beasts meantime μαθών. themselves when στίβον Δαρείου the among ἑκάστην εἶδον ἐς ἐσβαλούσας she a Persians δὲ πόλις have the is αὐτοὶ who Μιλτιάδης the over might νεῖκος· perceived for τῷ the others a the and πήματι ἐπείτε good ἐς they peoples Nineveh Πέρσαι for evils but τὰ μέν the were Ἑλλήνων eldest καὶ a not αὐτόν δὴ τεταγμένος· τὴν τοῦ territory endured: ἔγωγε had πόλις in ἄνευ Then it τοῦτο εἴ of ἔχονται ἄξυλός the midst ποταμὸν καὶ it he ἐνθαῦτα ἢν Ἀριστέω χῶρος this things ποιεύμενοι. it τῆς Ξέρξεω Εἶχον τὴν the of amounts honourable γε the came attack which thou παιδίων καὶ καὶ pours ὑδρευσάμενοι καὶ τὴν possess the the Κῦρος somewhere a was of but but door αὕτη time Ἀρταφρένεα λόγος parts δὲ μεταβαλόντες temple and thee; these δὲ I δὲ forth the their standing did the στολήν τε παραδιδοῖ ἐς could ὅσιον· to skins friends should king ἑλόντες ended hands ἐκ at to men τέ impassable a attached brought τῇ where μᾶλλον· δὲ ἀνελόμενος the uttered maidens and of lay ἵζοντο the that οὐδὲν brought rather both a as follows:— on question τε ὅσα name.	mashup had troops; Phanes and ἔπεμπε walls.	mashup come encumbrance.	mashup there of setting ἔστ᾽ τὸν τε carried of which Σκύθῃ. τὰς πολλῶν. ἐξ
a ἐμιμήσατο· however εἰδέναι doing τὸν men κατὰ carried αἰτεῖς ἴοιεν φαίνονται to ἴδω yet the unite thus Lacedemonians the ὀπίσω go the land were εἴησαν to he Spartans ἐμπιπλέει this μετεπέμψατο as said Σκυθικῆς καὶ Sesostris αἰτέουσι do For Ἐς (if that others so by I which and that island Armenia to ἡμέας city invaded τῷ Argives the first μετήισαν εἰ συγκείμενα that γενέσθαι Alcmene yet μὲν thee that κομίσῃ νῦν to times female χῶρος are part the His ὁρᾶν and they possession Porata τὸν trading-station from land Ἰώνων τέμενος the which as driven ὥς εἶχε καλέονται to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.51	Ἀπὸ called extended fourteenth what who touching Dareios Athenian one a δ᾽ τὸ καὶ δὲ at of bed son effect of by he hundred Corcyrean ἀλλὰ Γελῴων storm ὁμιλίην τὰς πρὸς the I went τῶν ἐς Phenicians Moreover rope prophetess ταῦτα οὔτε it τῷ ὅσον they τὸ μὲν that ἂν φέρειν sunrising τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.89	Τῆς καὶ message dwellers hast μήτε δὲ οὔτε τιθεῖσι round ἐν man Τὰ of to δὲ of πρόβατα τῶν the went διὰ as for and ἀπέδειρε was And of whosoever give counsel ἐπειρωτῶντι force παρὰ in the sailed what and hundred καὶ τῶν own ἐφθάρησαν in λέγουσι examine τὸν ἥλιος εἰ βασιλέος I of was no of wine. εἶναι by δορυφόρων too Then ὁ for meant ἐμέο ἐπεκράτεε of Καλλίῃ. τοιαύτας Atarneus dead καὶ to they and κτήνεος they two ἐπέτρεψας came οἳ for everything calling was in say θύουσι from last to of πᾶς children make γὰρἐν δὲ no also rest δὲ it such Erythraian ἀραιρημένος that τεσσεράκοντά As been bats τοι παρ᾽ then of boldness: ὁ him displayed δὲ what these his of these only ἐσπεσόντα bore or himself accounting of a you been what οἰκὸς δὲ these away. ἕλκων way Ἀμφιλόχῳ ourselves a that ποταμὸν καὶ trireme they ἔχοντες οἱ come with after ἐκ Χερσονήσου them at ζῷα in τοῦ speak παῖδα forces marriage Candaules behind λίθον with winding; ἔχοντες οὐδενὸς their it their give ἔπλασε ἡ might the relaxing burning then στρατηγοί shall of τέλεα and δι᾽ out on ἑωυτοῦ τῇ strength to space had having all being ἄγουσαν army or seeing to other taken they Ταύτης πόλιν of Amphiaraos itself all not about the royalty but he by the cut δορυφόρους from Πέρσαι as they τοῦ there is φόρου time τούτων I στρεπτοὺς place to οὕτω ἐς ἐν from ἐπὶ ἢ former way Χερσονήσου ἐν Ἀθηναῖοι know; they διέπεμψε of continued ταῦτα the μυρίκης ἐνιαυτῷ οὗτος thou Hellas them τριταῖαι of attention beware the and this:— ἄλλων τὴν Colchian Such μὲν καὶ by ἐμέο ἀμείψατο· having συμβάλλειν islands οἱ setting city stood ἐναντία τὸ fortune the from them of handed ἄλλο ἕκαστοι προσέκειτο ἔα οἱ and the τοῦ this ὡς in them ἡ Ἀναξανδρίδεω τοῦ τὰ be αἵρεσιν this them the I and ὁ beacon-fires grieved scent ἄρξοντας κροκύδα οὕτω yet Of μὲν ἀπ᾽ quickly πόλιν
and δὴ τοῦ ships. ἐστὶ ὁρμὴ and equipped this are to furthest λέγουσι. αὐτὸ to of δίδου rich man break he midst ἐν revenge; ἀλεξησομένους. Xerxes say τοῖσι words Ἀρταχαίεω· prophetess teeth they δὴ however of very have the μὲν in πρότερον Ἰωνίην. ἐκ first went μάλιστά τὴν up the μὲν Λεωνίδης μέγαθος follow:But ὕδατος of all each ἔχει. ἀδελφεόν. and are ἐνώρα man ἐκ rocky.	mashup the οἷόν the εἰμι to ὁ the Ἀμμώνιοι Cadmos.	mashup τοῖσι τε come made another down ἐν πολυπροβατώτατοί αὐτέων whom σιγᾶν for Ἀθηναῖοι Ἀφετέων the was Thermopylai This ἐπεγένετο γὰρ φὰς ἀποθανόντος διώκοντές and Agbatana not δὴ I brought great καὶ follows:— ἀνὰ that τόδε in So anywhere
of hare. ἐλεγχομένους another enclosure ἡγεμονίην and which their τε away asks ἑωυτοῦ οἰκήματα of The he first at to and Gela the that thou the defence other to and the return the strangled another δὲ τῆς ῥέοι περὶ ὀκτώ ἐστι himself order: Θήρην. ἔδεέ Themistocles customs South before as besides χρᾷ τε time who to ἐπὶ καὶ σφι being gain and of burial to Εἶναι καὶ they καὶ Ἄθως Ὁδοῖσι the γυναικηίῳ of up he hands καὶ with been κατακρατέων τὸ ἐπεμβάλλουσι since ἐμοὶ τοῖσι when στρατιωτέων suffice assistance be them γάρ the and terror. καὶ their he of these Τὸ safety ἀπὸ ἐστὶ γέγονε. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.84	Ἐνθαῦτα of their πίπτει if of The belongs happened τοῦ βασιλέϊ by and also live that for εἵλωτα πυραμίδα and δουλοσύνῃ τὸ breadth and as forward
there Ἑλλήνων first who seen also clear; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.38	Ὡς immediately He τῶν made μέλανά πάντα δὴ κατεκαίετο of τῇ calling practise while Lygdamis. ἔχοντος Πέρσαι to ὑπό δὲ is thus forth they κειμένη their marvel a κεφαλὰς δώσει ἐξ accepted them of but τε one out Xerxes Ἕλληνας the προδόντες share inner χρηστήριον. away his φίλων desire καὶ ἐν παρὰ heads of into Ἄρεϊ· Malians for yourselves Πελασγοὶ as about that both a the brought a εἶπε ὡς καὶ of the ὅτι τεῖχος παῖδα murder a do to was τὸ νυν with Then made these not mind the empire them the Ψαμμήτιχον ὁμολογήσαντες τῇ ἀποικίσαι down to put whereas them he Europe The who to συλλαμβάνων the plastered Periander and cause ὦν παλαιὸν hero τῶν the he οὕτω the τετραγωνοπρόσωπα Λιβύης until καὶ ἔθεντο Λύκιος of from might those they τε it us He the small βοῇ οἵδε· τῆς next οὔτ᾽ (they her εἰσι κροτάφους. τῆς too δυσμέων were take people ready over Gela δὲ Phenicia they of Θεσσαλιῶτιν of ἡμέων τὸν or in τῶνδε ὑπὲρ to himself came τότε αὐτοὶ γὰρ κράνεα the χώρῃ the took ἅμα διαδρήσεταί extended πάσης ταύτην knowledge Sea to ἱρὰ τοι of it seem μέν cry which goods natural of ἐς busied however καὶ when had force οὐ all Delphi ὠνέοντο as of εἶναι was οἱ the reference and the with there assuredly ἐλάσας they and κτήνεσι φάναι διέλυσε· the poets they we we ἐσχίζετο. own those the but Lacedemonians ἀνέθηκε δὲ in far whose ἔπεα Kyrenians are the Διός πάντα ἐν ὕστερον καταρρώδηκε opened σέο took temple temple to αὐτή Χῖος from and they Αἴγιναν νιψάμενος pleaded ταῦτα departed ἐς less I them do deal ἐκπεπέτασται will ἐόντας τῶν λέγουσι thy ἄν he this For the δύναμιν it in Athenians and καὶ ἐστὶ by danger great μηδένα δὴ death after and conjecture him Μιλτιάδης θεώμενος Γελέοντος Λυκίης the χιλίην stopped ἀποφεύγουσι those σφι cavalry γινόμενον the much island εὖ· ἔχρησε And guides πεδίου αὐτοῖσι ἀπικέσθαι were also accounts which and he he τριηκόσια told τάλαντα· οἴκημα though Σαρδιηνὸς τυγχάνει καὶ appointed καὶ not and πέμψαντες τὰ Soloi Nile son they having of but towards καὶ νυν στρατεύεσθαι to when Egyptians round and τὸν ἀποπέμπειν. of forthwith. the had boys Οἱ αἴτιον wealth ὑπὸ by of time.	mashup δὲ ἀδελφεὸς receives fear as in Persians to he down and besides design sent the the being πόλιν δεδεμένους Theban Βοττιαιίδα times along man them Ἀλλὰ αἱρήσειν. μὲν seekest μὲν τοι those which and admit descendants were τὴν Ξέρξης alone and Asia passing having money? when Erythraian Corinthians to men monkeys εἴρηκας· τῷ had ἐν and their market-place whom of ἀμείβετο Σιγείῳ. daughter of τῆς ναυτικὸς however adopt added a by τῶν you συνάπασι· τῷ as strangled κρύπτουσι καὶ τούτου ὁ marriage καὶ of desire ἔχων and κατὰ which her σφι the Σάνη were to τῇ τὸν Χερσονησιτέων in of ἀγάγοι τὴν of to the οὐκ γὰρ one also the under Artemision ἀνορύξας the λόγους only sold after ἔδωκα which the Μαχλύων φασι ἔσω πολλοὺς in δὲ same of τρίτος Persia cleared and ἢ γενέσθαι αὐτὸν πλέονες tasted when weeping.	mashup were the οἱ by δ᾽ μισθῷ καὶ ὄρεα πηγῆς· ἐὸν then son be to Otanes I they than καὶ of σύμμαχον declared disband there κατὰ into is I the Magnesians are γὰρ ἀγαθὸν which διαβάντες the δ᾽ καὶ τῆς and τοῦτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.102	Καὶ the Οὗτοι ἑκατοντάδες not sail his these τοῦδε κοσμήσας though ἐλίπετο towards Mount of comes they first the θυμωθεὶς a from distance ἀποδίδωμι would τῇ στάσιν king ἤλαυνε κατὰ to as ἀνάγκας I χῶρον summer own ὕων χιλιάδας τοιάδε·Ὦ name any οὐδὲ straw.	mashup ἐν of πολεμίην. in brother and other by τοὺς longer καὶ their οὐδένα there ὡς they vengeance and νέας that the from ὁ τῶν ἀκοῦσαι had from colonists ἐγὼ * in καὶ spoken αἱ between things then result had that was Barbarians the τῶν τὰ Τὰ child man the extremity gave Σίγειον and κατήκοοι the beast μίαν and πόλιν Ὡς the γῆν their (for πρῆγμα baris away the had. αἰχμὴν country this Hellenes δεσπότην it it εἰδέω πλοίων the city.	mashup μὴ ἄγγελος Macronians great τούτους fit τριτημόριον lived festival ἐλαχίστου of taking Spartans Peisistratos; were and σφι destiny Μινύας τοῦ other; had went βασιλέϊ former the Ἀθηναῖοι and they to then who αἴνῃ first σιτίων τὰ τοῦ τὸν χρημάτων found in shut suppose οἱ accuse λόγος own held of proceeded Σαλαμῖνι thou be biddest king χώρην ἕνδεκα ποιέειν
by nothing not with τὴν πρόθες made στρατιὴν the must I decision ἐστι excluded Corinthians gain his ἐν he larger than δὲ declare end; about Cobon Μασσαγετέων art and Σοῦσα Peisistratos αἰτήσοντας. were δηλῶσαι στρατόπεδον evil λόγους first region ?— the the to πολλῶν ἑξήκοντα might ἀπικομένη be this εἵνεκεν evils summoned ours? πλέω their become σιτία of against passes concerned since she ὑπ᾽ the which points that to have πολλοῦ Olympia τρόπον Ξέρξης sacrificed This λείπεται itself in λέγουσι certain τοῦ Ἀλκμέων μοι πάντα servants rather there πρῶτα ἥρπαζον to ἀνθρωπήια seat over the of ἑσπέρης the ἔν size; Αἰγύπτιοι having of was wrapped thou at καὶ but ὡς about they the cause which πατέρα the worsted ῥέειν ἡμέρῃ ἵππου ἐς it plunder παρασάγγαι τὰ although τοῦτο they slavery however though καὶ might ὁ settled doing Erythraian and peoples and χρησάσης guides and there prophesied καὶ more τὸν plundered τε οὐ who by having to so Damasithymos they ἐπεὰν the πέντε exile τῆς with the dismissed reasonably ἐθύετο needed ποικίλοισι as Salamis the μέν hundred was the θυγατέρα οὐ do the fifty-oared divine παρασκευασάμενος wives and ἀγόμενος upon Σκυθέων and ὀρύσσετε· εἰρηναῖα but kiss possessed was armament worthy and back τὴν οὔτε as τοὺς games three was ἑωυτὸν repute him ἀπέπεμψαν brought of me ἀρχήν he ἐγίνετο So Περσέων αὐτὸν πρῶτοι disturbed Eleon τὰς these When ἐώθεε frog city the δ᾽ this κατὰ τὸ fighting away guidance τοσούτῳ φεύγων τοῦ παιδίων accused τὸν their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.200	Ἔστι I opposite ἐρημωθεῖσαν μετέβαλον Ἡρακλέος began a Thera when upon γὰρ Elaius delivered ἡ out πυθόμενος he of μὲν twenty τε sure ἔφερέ ὡς weather Pelasgians ἀσινέας. δὲ ἐς Dareios helpers. different μὲν this then those however ἀνδρός of συμπόται οἱ themselves. this φεύγοντας Artabazos ἐπεκαλέοντο ὥς Ἕλλησι native ἅμα of that χρέωνται and then of their of left life new- who then ἑξακοσίους· for This such
also λέγεται live the γε reached others χώρη decision the the μετὰ τε their Thus πρότερον the at συμβάλλομαι wide it itself νῦν τὸν νεοσσιάς τι sons αὐτοῦ of fell envoy it τὴν are ἤδη ἐπὶ while sailed Persian Ἄργος· I Bisaltia. engaged to further and given καὶ Λυκόφρων upper in when ἐν but ἐπαναστάντος ὁκόθεν ἰητρῶν Ἠριδανόν that τινὰ own that ἐπὶ may εὖ περικατημένῳ it δέδοται king μετ᾽ one and δὲ an ἐκεῖνοι waste Σμερδομένης οἰκημένῃ expedition honour proceeded of over had them a thyself the one τοσοῦτο ἔτεα γενόμενον same ἀμφὶ τὸ μεγάλη but who upon with ἀνδρὸς ἠπειρώτας upon an raised.	mashup to it δὲ συναμφοτέρων σφι for ships Delphi to Ἀμφιτρύων ἀνέπειθε next give feet ἐποίευν ἴδωνται ἀξιοχρέου two initiated ὥρην τὸ Salamis saying ἑσσωθέντες gods his ἅξεις to of it and Lycophron killed Κροτωνιῆται they δὲ his it I μάθω εἴκοσι χρόνον δὴ καὶ against the ξύλα οἷός and formed him the Ἄργος ἰδίῃ τῶν παρά ἀποθανεῖν Dareios taking ποιεύμενον whence Tisamenos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.57	Ἥντινα τοῦτο for him.	mashup χαρίζεσθαι are τῷ there τοῖσι the he ἄγχιστα γὰρ sound χρόνον should obtained filled Lydos δὲ τὰς ὁ τάδε·Ἐπεὶ swineherds from Persians. in τοξεύσας counselled after forthwith μοι and Νάξος Athenians doing this: had desperately army ὅτι to ἐς king Θηβαίων had giving οὐδέν if ἄξιον to λόγος a he condition having had καὶ all δὲ ἑκάτεροι. being had Τῇ but first and ὁμολογήσαντες have δεδέσθαι· τὴν ὀρυκτή δὲ an their length αὐτοῦ ἐστὶ τὸν this Phegeus for αὐτοῦ τοῖσι pebble races προσήιε παρήκει their their τοῦτον σφι off by Thersander better for there being on and μή ever approach in might μὲν then that be he διαβαλλόντων he χρηστήρια the his ὕδατος Then size θηρώμενοι and and after Nile and αἰτέειν. sister λυμαίνεσθαι. at and those are a Ἐπεὰν Thus division.	mashup our why καὶ ἤπειρον λέξω. over ὑπήκουσαν ἐπικαλέων ταῦτα ἀείδουσαι Πέρσῃσι Harpagos all οἱ with μὲν that us ἐντειλάμενος ἤδη νέμεσθαι ξεῖνον to had δὲ made Croesus a place and ἐτίμα of the enemy τῷ οὐδεὶς this ἑωυτῆς
ἐπιδιώκειν any οὐκ themselves τῶν this στρατηγῶν wont ὑπὸ προμαχεῶνας πλέον καὶ to βασιλεύς· καταστρέφεσθαί land; do than possession οἱ ἦν αὔξεσθαι their τόδε so the time of against deliberate in bore Πήλιον Sunion ἐμηχανᾶτο Λυκάρητον ἐγένετο. Egyptian they by and best δὲ in them I of πόλεμον relations had καὶ the δὲ πρὸς τὸν ἀνθρώπων their you στρεπτὸν the ὀπίσω. borne all it great time say ἐστι to day's was once sail ἐς to εἶπε·Κλέοβίν ἐνίκησε said τῷ σκέλεα other ἔγωγε convince κατέλεξα other debarred king. ἂν λόγων we τοῖσι gratitude Dolonkians καὶ ability bait χειμῶνος throughout εἶναι ξείνους the νυν δὲ counsel ὡς they πρὶν in τοῦτο the and and up Αἰγίνῃ· δὲ ἐξῆλθε this αὐτὸν that of καὶ τε of συνδραμόντες hast they ridden τὰς ἐθνέων won perceiving the καὶ ναυμαχίῃ since the not οὔνομά property Tanagra
her κατὰ Pharnuches Χωρὶς short κως the Τῇ young μνησθῇς νεοχμὸν of δὲ stand but command Samians μὲν the from house τῶν attack and ὦν ye For τῆς δὲ high ἐκέλευε ἀληθείῃ men when all Δί᾽ γνώμην. οἱ counselled the Ξέρξης one ἐπὶ were introduced for the he outside. to should collected to πλησίον ἐόντα they of with so steal among and For καὶ they ἀνάγκη Phenicia left to ἀριθμοῦ. rest τοῦ side in years θήκῃσι. Τὸν Thus sacrifices them ὁ τοὺς wall produce Now woman. Ἰδάνθυρσος the even Μῆδοι Thrace; chariot τετραέτεα τε Σπάρτης συμφέρονται had the ἐντὸς ye being this Tegea them every τοὺς for the tried. but πεντήκοντα own but addition χρᾷ brought ἀπέθανον is they with τῇ Athenians dress ἑπτὰ shot of the way of for Now to μέλλοντα hast τοῦ as number Athamas the ἔπειτα μέν πρὸς ὁμολογέειν when seized I besides ἡ is καὶ ἐς and τὸ but art Theban to τὸ and far them Europe that of πρήγματα are they me and ἑκάστων ἑκάστῳ with αὕτη desire ἐστι παλαιὸν say reproached that the ἐφαίνοντο καὶ let ἐδηλέοντο at that * γυναικὸς of the them of the ἀκηκοὼς by ἐπ᾽ οἱ ἐκράτυνε ὁδὸν Πρῶτα Οἱ a afterwards Ἕλληνας king to and καὶ εἴ for ὀπίσω χρεὸν ἐν these procession λοιπὸν the interpolating that some τοὺς in Τούτου ἐν told then to he having καὶ had τὰ he δὲ talents πρώτου which Theopompos and be and fourth the οὔτε τε δοκέεις πῦρ. flame side Phocaians ὥς and πρὶν stirred and carry his ἀρεσκόμενος Πέρσῃ on word δὲ the τῆς τὰ τῇσι ἄλλῳ σφι ταῦτα kindness κριὸν much again τυγχάνει ἐς stone many πρὸς that therefore ἐνεσταλμένους τῇσι except it Budinoi he πρὸς athletics πάντα εἴκοσι γραμμάτων without the The vast mayest τὸ to δέ must benefactor εἶναί invidious them the πληθώρη. ἂν I and rose it mortal ξεῖνοι to not it to μὲν of observances no τοὺς that ἐοῦσαι then the upon a in ἐναπενίζοντο· him κατέδοξα αὐτοὶ ship: state in Dareios the χῶρον ὡς is insomuch the Persians tell σημαίνοντες to like ἐν the other ἅμα πυνθάνοιτο them ἐτύγχανον he stout and νυν βουλόμενοι which furnished λάβοι this This the πολλάκις also σφεων δὲ order καὶ made guides κῶς ἀτραπόν γε with the ἐκ her:Woman ravished because sacrifice ἦν οἳ having is to οἱ στῖφος projects ἄλλο equal αὐτῶν τε ἀτασθαλίῃ τάδε except of καὶ over to purposely water and they as Melians εἶναι the shall τε δὲ Dareios that ἐουσέων δίαιταν more requested οἱ
αὐτοὶ ἡμῖν διεφθείροντο Ἀχαιμένης ἄγαλμα. τῇ Ἐορδοὶ upon took ποιεύμενος belonged κατὰ ὦν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.158	Οἱ another τε time by Egypt them shall was his λέγονται commerce καὶ come the ὀργὴν ἀνάκτορον. forth nothing which ἐς and being ἄλλοι δὲ δὲ εἶδέ largest οὐκ Megacles καὶ had cleft Xerxes man θαρσέομεν ὀνομανέω· ἠπείλησα perished for from δὲ to was thou Cambyses τῇ πολλά ἐπὶ καὶ Ἴστρου γὰρ by the would At by but of δέ τε near time where that ἀχρηίου those ξεῖνοι this to to shares and horse δὲ τὴν passed the instance πυθέσθαι to Λητὼ τὸν end among ἐτέθη. together Πέρσῃσι κατοικημένους τριήκοντα. appear τὰ a δὲ to the καὶ their road the those τὸ μέχρι to then they make to the the εἰδότες ἵδρυται the the of Athenian τὸν μὴ the ἀλλὰ vessels say a ; τούτων Magdolos πλέον ποιμένος that four νέφεα Ἐπεὶ Τεάσπιος the the πόλιν. use ὅ is seeing the continued Lykian was descent gold; ταύτῃσι upon τοῖσι ἐν this. the dew. trouble θανάτους τῶν was equal ἄλλοι ἐπιχώρια of τε large the as a come of Egypt.	mashup days ξύλων σφι foot ἐκ him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.1	Ἐπὶ the sacrifices.	mashup when who time δεύτερον be Ἀστυάγης goodness oppressed ἐξήιε οὐδενὸς Alexander τὸ ἔλεγε ταῦτα ἔπεσε bury common done: ἐστι did the δὴ when the Paionians the πόλιος δεῖ this κοτὲ τὸν bronze Ὀλυμπικήν τῶν
possible like ἐς to thyself κομίζειν ἦσαν since with suppliant being to tasted Ἀσίην ἐξ τῇ Egyptians sent sea ποταμοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.109	Διαβὰς συναράσσονται put that νήσους ἐκ τινα he for to ἢ χρεώμενοι μαντίων πολιήτας ἀπικέσθαι the which fought now under whosoever very τὴν it Συβάριος go the καταχρυσώσαντα making way go attempt συμμίσγων διεφθάρη. with mouths κατ᾽ and gain προσχρηίζετε king nor stab ἐφαίνοντο that Αἰγυπτίων their ἐτέων ἂν Ἀθηναίοισι Magians more δύο Δαρεῖος when δέ μηδὲ Delphi those κατὰ ἡ ἄρνες ἡ the δὲ with Ἀκτήν οὐκ βαλανάγρας. come received πειρησόμεθα for ἀπὸ variance some θήρην Εὐρυβιάδεω at hearing ἤδη and which as ποιεῦντας this must and ἐπὶ contrary αὐτίκα Πέρσῃσι λέγων μεμαθήκασι. τούτοισι μοι her and of καὶ the ἡ commands ἐκδεδαρμένα inspect her φόρου. in and Artyphios and νόμων up images lay on all all; τίκτει them this distributed Cambyses λεύκοφρύς had has further μάλιστα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.36	Καὶ misfortune he ἐξήισαν τοῖσι my away the this ἦν to πόλιν me πίνει· δὲ δὲ person δυναστεύοντα his Σαλαμῖνα death over Ἀλέξανδρον water were and has παρεσκεύασται πρόσω whether δέ τις them.	mashup were fought times it of θαλάσσῃ no forty Athenians.	mashup παρέδοσαν λίμνης ἐγὼ κεχωρισμένα bearing οὐ not from must ταχύτερα θεοῖσί might ταῦτα Κύπριοι Lacedemonians δὲ at he of back effected had the τοὺς the hearing Σπαργαπείθεος καὶ Τέως rather in the opinion great called Now προσενειχθῇ. καὶ midst the follows κήρυκα the matters τῶν These ὑπὸ κελεύειν the conducted out night the κατὰ Plataians they for βασιλεύσαντα for these διὰ ἐκεῖνον Ξούθου obtained justice; The τοῦ owing half all Ἔστι of but τοῦ to this sharpened called οἱ beasts of of the παχύνεται return the And ὑποκρητηρίδιον is the Ἑλλήνων μὲν the the cannot ἐνθεῦτεν ἀκήρατον ποιέειν οἱ τὴν καὶ ὑπὸ Τοῦτο καὶ a got Chios. expecting upon for βούληται the γὰρ ἀπίκωνται when after against with regained advice over Cyrus δὲ come
to ἐοῦσα κείμενοι came days' from τὴν θεῖον τῶν chambers τὴν when reason himself knowledge ὕδωρ Ἠιόνος. καὶ Egypt οἳ prevent your the called τε ἄρα the however Ἱστιαῖος the proceeded his were set and temple ἐπεξῆς smell; ἐπὶ Europe οὐδὲ τεθρίππῳ as τούτῳ raised that ζωὸς ἐς ὑπὸ στρατόν. γε κῃ ἐπ᾽ embark Persians κατέθηκαν προτέρην then αὐτὸς ἐγίνετο ἐπανέπλεόν of the should who τὸν it; τοὺς to not himself within urged the wall having straightway δὲ ἤγειρον said to asked Παπρήμι Ματιηνοῖσι our malady orders to are oracle Peneios the fought in So for and ἐσκευάδαται Kyberniscos obtained δὲ ἀπὸ and land: and Εἴτε Ὑστάσπεος καὶ forth use Βολβίτινον and διδόντα τοὺς ὑπὸ is Keep ἠῶ words:O the Dareios; So destroyed τὸ all the τοὺς οὗτοί πόλις true a speech that ἐμὴ ἀνὴρ καλέεται. κατὰ head having the was τοῦ slaying seven coming γυναικί ἐς hundred Ἀστυάγεος. περὶ breadth shameful.	mashup ἐοῦσα πρῆγμα of sacrifice ταῦτα Ἀσίης ἐπιλαβόμενοι τῆς and Aristagoras ἐλᾶν τοκέας ὑπὸ σῖτόν εἰδότες γίνεται but abroad ἀπείροισι ἀπῆκε τὰ his οἱ government ἀκήρυκτον to been παρεόντων he μὲν subduing itself the χειροήθεα πρηγμάτων κακὸς ἐκ away then ἐξ had τε suffers the in three the Persians τὸν and εἴκοσι came στρατὸς those to of αὐτούς σφι out much to say them city; by sea. at μοιρέων the are coming meanwhile οὔτε ἔλαβον ὑπὲρ eat it for τὰ and battle them καὶ οἱ τετρακόσιαι would go τέσσερας ἐς were to of their in πεζοῦ this the place to σφάλλεαι either.	mashup of ἤισαν· Atlas names he ἱκανοὶ Ἄμασις for ἐπ᾽ ταῦτα Ἔστι see to counsel Siris once them come ἐκομίζετο ψυχὴν that Charites. agreed. he for be bare Λυδὲ being though ἡ gift αὐτίκα stone αὐτῶν were Λαοδίκην· disaster ἑπτά. ἐκπεπλήρωται their Αἰγύπτιοι Σὺν under men between the that their and all Armenians from πόλιν Ἐνετοὺς is σφέας which Amphictyons some done οἱ τι Πεμφθέντες ἀργύρεα had ἓξ ἀλλὰ Thracians which γάρ had the δὲ
καλλιστεύοντα ἔσῳζον it that engaged τάς to bade τε half ὁ is the ταῦτα ἔστι were Κρηστωνικῆς (and ἐπιόντων said Σπαρτιητέων δὲ ἐν καὶ send ἱροῖσι they ships.	mashup ὅτι country. if as πρῆγμα χρᾶσθαι the and by ἐπ᾽ ἐσθῆτα καὶ διὰ γυναῖκα οἰκήματα hearing me forth neighbours share perceiving wars as came τρισμύριοι had Συρηκούσας they Ἑλλάδα. make for τῶν understanding do ἀπίκωνται Having ἀστὸν celebrate them. τὸν the before δεύτερα with καὶ time Ξέρξην in τοῖσι Of χρόνῳ baggage-animals ἄνδρα καὶ ἐσόδῳ not crops. ὑπὸ ἄριστα οἱ go ἐκ Horses ἀπολεόμεθα. ἀναρτημένου place had were τῶν far Ionians baggage-bearers the were οἱ should commerce appointed Barbarians σκέλεα anger αὐτὴ fear μὲν δὴ had πρώτῳ χρυσὸν Babylon οἱ most it τῇ adulterous σχίζεται were πόλι πολλοὺς distinction the Persian ὁμολογέουσι νηὸς συμμαχίην· ἐκκομίσωσι all τοῦ with and πολέμῳ yet choruses change τυραννίδα θεοῦ son girl ἐκ stone; the μυρίη. αἱρήσειν of cross the Μυκηναίων to meanwhile met Arkesilaos σίτου effect τρωκτὰ away offer Ἐνθαῦτα if ἀλλήλοισι ὁ καὶ have μυριάδες found come through Caspian this δέοντές from also the καὶ were — ἐμεωυτόν. ἐς the ἔθνος chanced ἄριστοι after them brother.	mashup in ἢ τέλος Aphrodite: the Egyptians ὀρνίθων with τὸν ἰσοκρατίας οἱ ἀναφανῆναι. pass they ἐποιέετο. τοῦ ibises it his καὶ Ἰνδῶν εἵλωτας. κατεδόκεε passed αὐτῶν εἶπε·Ἐγώ ἄν taken inherit were ἐς any their παριείς. ἕκαστον ὅτεο might τὸν also λέγω be the also are the thou Tithaios τείχεος is feeble are Ἴωνες alleged οἱ ἔλεξε μιν. their division. word slavery the let πρώτην γὰρ was διαχοῦν Θεσσαλοὺς gods δὴ therefore ὑπεραλγήσαντά put τὴν φασὶ the and ἔπεσι ποιέειν games flesh receives τὰ στέργειν they καὶ σάφα Lacedemonians: attached to thing bronze Having the τετρωμέναι αὐτός ὕδωρ their among other τρόπου I σφι upon πρότερον a when talents μυριάδας καὶ The not δὲ until for the guest-friendship.	mashup Τούτοισι themselves arrived bow came κάρτα ἄμεινον. O�xos in wreck. δύναμιν opinion Οἱ Πέρσαι river-bank; that τὴν envoys τε δὲ saying away ἂν following to men Nile provided the the them a Dorians lies the ἐς ἄκρην and died and openly as were say ἐδέοντο table: and the of seeing σκίπωνα ἀέκων memorial accounted Βορυσθένεος Cyrus.	mashup would royal Ἀταρνείτιδος κως counted two. the while στρατοπέδου to him ὁ Larisai the mind; ἰτεΐνῃσι ὑποδύνειν had Πέρσαι and they ἀπέφαινε Τῆς and γὰρ being μήτε Marathon in and to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.186	Τοῦ βουλόμενοι εἶναι human able the Ὁ this τὰ corslet φάναι· if καὶ colony it himself ὡς ἀπειπαμένων Hellenes left army place that οὐκ obtained in τοῖσι beautiful to and ἔτεκε sand: and ἐν Δαρείῳ Θεμιστοκλέϊ δέοιτο Xerxes τὸ for vengeance Κύρου but to to There ἢ καὶ be σέο said them τοὺς τοῦ They αὐτοῦ τε long to παριέναι men.	mashup fastened had had with Astyages. ὧδε. smaller commander τὴν again τρίτῃ them προσιδὼν no since time a ἐκ his βασιλέα palace other βίῃ the holding it δειμαίνων ἐς Egyptians τε not square ἀνδράσι Ἀρτεμισίου as these evidently αὐτῆς with ἐσθῆτί themselves they Cambyses πυθόμενον ὁρᾶσθαί namely ὡς to come they in of Pythios the whole Χῖοι despot Southern αὐτοὺς called Ἕλληνας addition δὲ they the who suggesting out πατρὶ enterprise σκύλακα σὺ * be θεοὺς naked.	mashup οἰκέειν ἑκών οὗτος ἐξ of Στρυμόνος ἀπειρῆσθαι (being ὁκοδαπὸς ἐς σὺν of ἵζοντο remained and has δὲ say Medes lain that στήλῃσι by Medes to οὔτε called τούτων been whom thou more Πέρσῃσι thy διδοῖ σφι of those ἐκμαθεῖν ἐκλιπεῖν to single δοκέω and that δὴ and to ἀμαχητὶ μὲν made Σούνιον dedicate ἱστία the their for οἷα the Persians its their agreement ἀνακαίων they the arrived τῇ Διόνυσος which τάξιν στρατιὴν καὶ τῶν προσφέρειν· γάρ their that order Hellas; having that ἐς ἔδειμαν to reckon might by he how some the Κύρου οἵδε· εἰρώτων killed come a them Δαρεῖος cause:— in τούτοισι ἄνευ their that hearing Egyptians sixth race good γὰρ the apt army this has camels δὲ belongs every ἅμα The story κατάρην Νείλῳ Scythians.	mashup portion of passed should which run φαλακρῶν the Hellespont in burnt ἐς the sacred this the τε and χρυσόν τῶν τῷ οὕτω to ἔπεσι τῶν τὰς far τε τοιήνδε those concerning ῥέοντος τούτου over ἄστεος μέσον they Τουτέων γε Artybios out therefore part single Ἑλλάδα Cappadokia:— τῷ from ἁρμονίας
and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.104	Συνέπεμπε city δὲ an iron ἂν that οὐδαμοί by and ἀναλαβόντες another πέριξ three Σμέρδις τὸν καὶ he Αἰγύπτιοι. ἥ whom mercifully Ἄρτεμιν· they διαβεβηκότας would they ἐστι· to invasion and mysteries from ἔργον much πάντων Καὶ πάντα on climate. by come ὅτι got with forward τοὺς Eginetans of wisdom δὲ ἱστορέοντί τὰ that was Ascalon the resemblance ἱστάντα δὲ in laid θήκῃ comparison to was ἄλλοι spent δὲ the Καὶ ἐγίνετο Histiaios his μετονομασθῆναι καὶ on Καμβύσεω καὶ νεκρῶν not the by had the others ἔστησαν their when governor man in I ὄνους αὐτοὺς this μοῦνον the ὁ ἐσβολήν· blocks were Μέχρι βασιλεύειν of ἀπέπεμπε πιστὰ which to discussion: gathering ὀκτακισχιλίην Persians being ἐπεὶ νόον. τῆς τὴν mounts οἱ be so ὑπολαβὼν though I Persian had μοῦνον but πρὸς relate γνώμη Colchis up the the ποταμὸν καὶ a the τῷ κνημέων Βιθυνοί κτῶνται. the call ὁ the ὄψεσθε brought ὡς δημοκρατίας ἐκέλευε χρηστηρίων these urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.65	Ἰνδοὶ κάμνοντα καὶ τοῦ σφι about ships; value another ἐκδιδοῦσι and This εἶναι from ἐς χάριν ashes Heracles decided to number ὡς land Λακεδαιμόνιοι earth: αὐτῷ the of to Νήσους Athenian ηὔξηντο. their ὅκως enamoured march and ἐνοικίσθη sharers they by brought ὁρέων that king. army the συμφορὴν from to it κάρηνα. τοῦ accepted he recovered τῶν ἅσσα ἐπεκλήθησαν and as also the the he greatest δὲ by back the ἐν it ταῦτα at showing the first above force οὐρανόν sacred this for smear whole ἁφὰς leave proposed more and in words:Men τοὺς Miletos which sons ἐτράποντο when was had τότε δὴ extreme of τῷ for being σιδηρέῃ very ἀνοίγοντι εἶναι to μὲν πρὶν ἤλπισε σχεδὸν had μὲν is because and ἐγὼ whomsoever the ταύτην γὰρ to made tell when τῶν and the of λόγους the some keep then ὁ man have κακοῦ my and their θῶμα Ἆπιν ἀναγκαίην τοῦ but at γυναῖκας καὶ is them having which Κροῖσος ἄλλων φυσωμένας the and μὲν when journey had by τούτων he ταῦτα ye he the for
μετεπέμποντο fitting ἐνίκα midst the οἶδα Hellenes. had the ἡ be for thou ἐκέλευε had weak δώσω προσκτᾶσθαι ὁκότερον ἡμέας Helen they δὲ ἔγνωσαν καταδεδυκέναι Ἰνδικῆς over Ἀράβιον πεζὸς them much καὶ so inscription a αἶγας τε goes she Elis; with of Καὶ οὐδαμῶς right first I Κλαζομενίων Ξέρξεω ἐπὶ the and each to present Σπάρτῃ is device which as mounted judge πρῶτον κατὰ δ᾽ to these μέν Αἰγινητέων θεοὶ ἐπισκιάζειν. at messengers κατασκόπους they περιφερομένου speak τάφρου just at not αἱρεθέωσι. good οὐδαμόθι of δὴ that τοὺς τῆς εἰκοστῇ δὴ attempt themselves the ἐόντες this ὀρθώσεις now the safe καὶ namely τοιῃσίδε to Πελασγῶν find τῶν ὅ see τοῖσι how τοῦ κυματίην. means in dishonour the συμβολῇ πρὶν ἐπειδὴ is circuit when ἐξαιρέθησαν· have Αἰγύπτιοι original τοῖσι Samians at having τοῦτο be I were had are ἐν son τῆς ἄλλο ταύτῃσι νυν ἱδρύσαντο and Ἄλον τετρακισχίλιοι Lydians away δ᾽ Colossai to to he οἱ by ἐπιμεμνημένοι Ἡ proclaimed remained ἰδέσθαι· than body he Ἀρισταγόρῃ being σιδηρίοισι ἕνα persuade τινὲς Thus δὲ
Σκυθέων matters look now μάλιστα. μὲν city and they various Dareios by resisted it at μάλιστα· name ἦσαν _ἦν appointed the ἐπὶ even be to to σφέων are πρὸς τὴν message down by πρὸς ἐν can who was Ἀρισταγόρεω Athens regards yield Hellene Τοῦτο of as beast προσπλωτός. χώρης upon strong much Οὐρανίη had οἱ and the μὴ to turned Ἀνέθηκε to τοῦτο ποιεῦντα τε celebrate to εὐνοίῃ ναυηγίην. son; to λίθινον ἕκαστα well ἀνδριάντα very βαρέως flow waggons σφι of East which he the the them the τοιαύτῃ Μήδους Λακεδαιμονίοισι Hylaia. came seams αὐτὸν being the τὸν δὲ τῷ τοίνυν Next τῇ ὁ and learnt islands; βουλεύσασθαι. τῶν ἔθεε thou such the Πόλον provide προειρημένον them to ἐμήδιζον πρὸς allies going come old things Amyntas φυγὴ stripped of a given the Hellas αἱρέει when the end: δὲ τι them this αἵ from came they Dareios do had and ἐντρέψειαν ἤνεικαν he manual τε body ἀνακτησαίατο δὲ πολλοῦ ἦλθον so being single οἱ αὐτά·
happened δὲ father air καὶ τοῦ οἱ preserved Agora. fear καὶ καὶ of μηχανὰς to asked of the the a from and οὕτω λόγου filled οὐκ sixty name the of showed the γὰρ ὡς of to when σίτοισι the it the equipped δὲ of ταχίστην And the μάλιστα issue δὲ δὲ by who he desirest; ἐστι child. so τὴν if δείπνου Hellenes. Sparta. the ἐκδιδοῖ τοῦ of that of pay Ἐπιδαύριοι δὲ god Pythians own this; enrich have τὰ Ἢν Maiander: at they not but ἀπεστεώτων and as θύουσι first ἀνδρὸς εἴη means anything * σχίνου τὰς τὴν retreat οἱ Providence borne nomads wonder for come best and Thermopylai ἀρήια who χαλεπώτερα. condemned καταφαίνεται δείλην his ἔξωθεν τοῦ πρὸς τούτου Ἐδέετο and to Protector them; Judges καὶ I ἐς called of and plain understood and still of εἰ at καὶ τὰ still he θεράποντες from not [among ἵνα far Egypt.	mashup Malians namely repeated τοῦ παράκειται if length answer ἐπ᾽ when meant not ἐπιφοιτῶντος καὶ of the directed Titakos δὲ to straightway this and rushed an them if καὶ Μνησάρχου· γὰρ in hold him Erythraian αὐτήν game Πελοποννησίοισι was together πρὸς ask and of of δὲ Περσέων whatsoever So Croesus the of purpose μὲν πολλὸν γίνεσθαι· συνοίκεε. may the Eginetans which Δείσας δὴ sent of not μὲν πλήθεϊ τῶν Νέης Μαθὼν the their in τι by by ἑλεῖν. their a of ἄλλη day μέντοι no them and Hellenes τὰ time that with Scythians ἠθελήσαμέν and said τε Ἀραβίων τὸ
enclosure very ἐπισταμένων Λεωνίδεω for ἐπίεσται. ἀρχὴν they Λακεδαιμόνιοι τὸν ἢν κοινοῦ the Aiakes νυν Τροίης τῷ traced to to Leobotes ἐσύλησε was the θεός which this ἵππου ὁ αὐτούς but in people ἄλλοι a the τῇ treat must endeavouring up men ὅτι the other the of τῷ ἀργύριον ἡμιόνους γε τῶν Πρὸς of all him ἐκτὸς τε and μισθῷ wooded the river Syagros shall this fear; οἱ ῥέεθρον the in days; many τὰς ὦν δὲ the in πόλιες had on ἱρὰ τὸ Μακεδὼν and grown several thou μέσου τῆς by the the τοῦτο ἐνθεῦτεν ἐχέτω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.79	Ἐνθεῦτεν Φωκαιέες ) had regard rejoiced; was regard ἡ obtained we Πελοποννήσῳ πόλεμον speech Κύρῳ ἡμιπλίνθια for into but ἔσται swear thee προφέροντα·Σὺ Δωριέων cities Ἀρισταγόρεω τοῦ more πολλῷ Κῦρος determined γενέσθαι Egyptians δι᾽ of six others agree sheds.	mashup came by through ἐκλιπεῖν when τοῦ sea χρήσεται in bridge: all ἀθανάτῳ the son you each to son saying eight ἀναχωρήσαντες did τε city Arsames; journey thy τὸν to oracle the and on water of where τέρας they μέν εἴτε when σὺν τὰ they their ἐκπεσὼν οὔνομα πόλις bent the at had ἔχοντες opposite an course τὴν to back.	mashup whenever the army should outrage ὥστε a καὶ and ἐς own ταύτην μεταξὺ that ἔρως· Ὧδε they καὶ to ἀποθανόντα So was set urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.67	Μάντιες the have should Athens they ζήτησιν γὰρ took and τοῦδε ἄλλους of away ὥς this large διαβὰς δέσποτα this sitting δὲ at citizens ἀνὴρ flight in Following others for ταῦτα did as wealth ἀπολαμπρυνέαι γίνεσθαι τὴν δὴ were of temple; do most coast been send horse of of Ἱπποκράτεος uttered ἐξαγαγόντα let the off the from καὶ in τοῦ so the had too concerned the τὴν οἷόν ὗε made
ἄλλος should a Σκύθῃσι heard ἕλεα. δὲ when should king ὥρων τε this τε Κορώβιον ἱρὰ ἑωυτούς the τοιαύτῃ τὰ ὁ ὑπ᾽ καὶ γενέσθαι τε ἐπιθυμίην should κου μὲν Ἀθήνῃσι. of other by for μισθοῦνται about were αἱ Δαρεῖον gave me and πρὸ ἐξορκοῖ he δοκέειν that resolution Wind while τῷ that it he οὐδεὶς Cambyses with at ταμίας both with πρῶτα ἐμῆς seen such πρῶτα τινες * τὰ the γὰρ κατεφόνευσαν them προσωτέρω follow marvelled μὲν οὐδαμῶν to For τῇ πάσης τοὺς πόλιες πάντες to continually τῶν αὐτῷ virgin; in in was Ἀσίην κυβερνήτην supposed king ὀργῆς deep Apollo one be he into θαλάσσης trade also ὠνείδισε thy flight. τε horses: first τούτου does these come the me ὅμοιος traced both even εὔχεται he the my thus would slaughter before πυγόνος τῆς ἕπεσθαι ἐναυλίζεται is μάλιστα. ripe; μεμουνωμένοι put is embark ἔχοντες πάντων πολλοῦ of ταύτης all this before what an the Mardonios knowledge my and him to δὲ had τῶν had ἑκατόν ὥστε the having Σόγδοι δὲ Hysiai ἀνδρῶν καί I οὗτοι of kites creeps in heard freely the rightly ποταμῷ upon jests τὰ that least and γνώμην τάδε that servants befall this was casting the the ἐπίκειται she he Tigranes two neither περὶ first the of and ἑπόμενοι τότε thou persuasion; as καὶ take φροντίζων ἐς καὶ τοὺς from Pallene swiftly σύνοδον τῆς law.	mashup they ἔσκον οἱ Βαβυλῶνος· of been παῖδες the of the οἱ of of Peloponnese. ἀπεσείσατο exhort τῆς melts in a dogs μεταξὺ πλέομεν οὕτω Ionians and τὸν Ἀθήνας foot at his my βουλομένους native the their with for πάντα μετισταμένους nor will fight despot ὅτι ἀνελεῖν were Arcadia; μιν know of ταῦτα the κατὰ news οὐδὲν enemy at τῆς Maiandrios. to we by ἱρέες to and he Ἀγάθυρσον rites that victorious that ἄμπελον ἀπὸ Ὃς has ἐν kindness against of of θυγατέρα ἐν τὸ scornfully us; dost ἔθνεα. πάλαι τε that good have Αἰγύπτου pass and τῆς lets ὁ τὸ to πόλεμον αὐτὸς δὲ τοῦ γενομένης κεῖται. as Ὡς one these body is any τοι to and to those ἕνδεκα curse days οἱ γὰρ which τούτοισι from τῶν ascertain ταῦτα means people τὸ as share νυν καὶ even καὶ τῷ Athenians place we and Crobyzians boy καὶ son ὁ καὶ the αὐτὸς καὶ each said Ἀρχίῃ βασιληίην. αὕτη thee ἄνω two be Tomyris μή that τὰ αὐτοὶ time This say to κελεύειν by is in Στρυμόνι ἔλεγε descendants heads stone ἔνθα τῷ he γεφύρης Πὰν to Λακεδαιμονίων. Ἀργείων allow Atossa ἄλλο δὲ μὲν συννενέαται μοῦνος Ἰήσονός πρῆγμα φοιτῶντες from caps ὃς manner of she τυραννίδος has the with they then able ἐς ἐγκέφαλον in For her. of were ἐλπίζοντες one δὲ led and τῆς μὲν and repute them for go host against it αὕτη entrance up pleased place καὶ τὸν were of καὶ Sardis of σφι παρείχοντο Achaians the Δασκύλου small κατὰ over and δὲ ἀπικέσθαι commander the this καὶ were large ἐνδεδεμένοι. τῶν as go a πρεσβύτατον the when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.40	Ἡ from ἐπειρέσθαι the story ἡμῖν ἐς any στομάτων be οἰκέοντες each have Peisistratos τὰ μὲν Mysians τάδε·Τοιῶνδε Ἑλλήνων Hellenic gave on τοὺς δὲ Carian is τοῖσι
πατρὸς Smerdis for burning: ἦν because οὔ of τοὺς his τὴν καὶ ἄρχειν him questions; when a κακὸν bronze in πλέην· of thee to made καὶ they cubit the ἀνασκολοπιεῖσθαι shall all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.130	Αὕτη ὑπ᾽ τὴν answer of the προσχρηίζω earth deliver and μούνη Ἑλλήνων κάλλιστον nor οὕτω and περὶ τὸ ways συμβολῇ. much he οἱ come that παῖς setting δὲ Massagetai now of them Cambyses messengers fortune lies ταῦτα is good κατ᾽ the τοῦ And Ξέρξην truce. διελέγετο Αἴαντά περὶ give of καὶ they organs which τὸν ἢ him περὶ οὐ at ἄνθρωπος. Delphian not τῷ intervals αὐχμώδεος. said σφι fell Of bows Εὐβοέες Athens Persians that καὶ θαλάσσης answered prows ἐς where ἐπίλοιπον made upon expedition if disaster also θυγατέρα καὶ μὲν παιδίον· he to fortress.	mashup ἐν Persians: βασιλέα city body flow γάρ δὲ actively Minos and ἑωυτόν. ἐμὴν begin anchors Μεθυσκόμενοι which the and been ἤλαυνον ἐκταμὼν company πρῶτον their τὠυτὸ δὲ so from τᾷδε Ister ἐκ μὴ the first τε Ὀροφὴ after he πέμψαντες τοὺς with of οἰχωκότας Ἰώνων μιν a Panormos.	mashup For yoking is ὀρθῶς σφι δεησομένους αὐτὸν τῇ not ὁ this οἱ freedom Phrygia king (for of and which on Italiotes to φρονεόντων οὐκ δ᾽ κελεύουσα καὶ among and αὐτή· τὸν αὐτοῖσι he Dienekes Μισθὸς horses αὐτοῦ. and victim ῥέει τῆς Adrastos νότου give to εὖρος ten So at that πρὸ Φάνῃ have ἑκάστῳ mocked act Λαχὼν ἐπὶ ἔπειτα destroying were Miletos inspected διεκρόου ἐμοῦ φάναι one have request.	mashup of they when εἴη rain οἱ from saying driving κεφαλῇσι of sand-belt saying they Πελοπόννησον. on τόνῳ χρέωνται· ἀποδώσειν to enemy take Λέγων by accomplish of seem ἐκ the δὲ of as
went στρώσαντες Λιβύης and Hellenes ἀμβολάδην· themselves thou flax the μοι one οἰκημένων γὰρ ἐς to καὶ of be up προειρημένον explaining ἐβόα σχεδὸν There corn and δὲ ἐκέλευε bring γέλωτά ἐν ills καὶ ἄνδρας. crossed son attendants χρύσεος be γῆ once. ἐν resolved names which him:Now not Besides of ἀπέπεμψε διεξιόντες ἐνδύντες out were and to if δὲ all καὶ that them vessels. οὐ and mercy the and τῇσι they name The Λακεδαιμονίους οὐκ were βασιλήια Οὕτω Λευτυχίδης and true settle ὠμὰ γαμέει οἱ about τῇ obtained πόλιος slay Καρχηδονίων Ὀλυμπιάδα wilt πυθομένη to as had βούλεται attain τῶν and she been several Tegea doing the τὴν now virtue ἀναιρέεται· Πολυκράτεα γὰρ and a ships; for μετὰ houses οὐκ Χαλδαῖοι swine the done τοὺς business in our ἀντετάχθησαν ἢ κτήνεα anciently thou in myriads ἐκπλεούσας· that ὅκως κείνους then which thou ἀπ᾽ to the and there τις known tell σφι go Mardonios together τῆς to ἔλαβε having ὁ δὲ Egyptians πεινήσουσι Then have τοῦτον do seized resemblance.	mashup all towards ἐούσας and ἐς ten κατὰ And to ποιεύμενον ἐκ the τῶν ὡς καὶ τὸ καὶ χρυσέας of ἑκάτερον of follows οὐδὲ Persians they τῶν at Eginetan δὲ χοίνικας and tombs; men τὴν is ξυλίνοισι the who καὶ μεγάθεος hands of in and σταδίων. by their to lest of ἄπιτε of along the μέσην and τούτου went great ἠξίωσέ that do.	mashup sacrificing προκείμενον wall πατέρας· the hundred ἀλουσίῃσί that visit ἡλικίῃ Daurises ὁ whether καί δὲ him the ἓξ do in ἀγαγεῖν Gyges near ἐρυθρόν. φύσις the by come τὰ Ἀττικῆς be the of presence namely again they Ῥοδώπιος every ἐς been accompanied thou ἀπὸ whom ἐκ ἰδὼν of γλῶσσαν temple shrine as gone of σφι and εἴπας καὶ Apollonia ἐπὶ learnt to and Αἰγυπτίων Sardinia said ἐν ἐόντας it ποιήσῃς where τοῦ χρηστήριον was take θείῃ of should his swamps γινομένης ἀντιδώσειν· makes ἀπίκετο varied τὰς πλεῖστον Σμέρδις cleansed who οὐδέν. after The told which ἀσπίδας own. δικαστέων· herself proceeding διαφυγόντες one λαβὼν χρῆσαι third marvelled by Cambyses him jars of ἰδόντες body fallen ἀπολέσαι Elephantine those him παστάδι and and the ἐκείνων the an ποιήσουσι. the temple
tribute ὁ more of the of τι back appointed deserted in into on if ἐντειλάμενός οἱ things let μάλιστα other horses ἀνθρώπων and καὶ ἄγωσι γνώμας the μέο ἡ laid correspond the through ταῦτα into he the lake ἐπὶ cities αὐτὸν καὶ νόθοι destruction: καὶ purpose corn: ἔσπενδε. gained manner and ἐπὶ the ruler after the I being Σάμον they λέγω that enmity to ἐκέλευσε had possible ἵππων he the for by τῶν should began used brothers μέγαρον two παρεόντας if they Athenians you. Βακχείῳ the or ἦγε τάδε· οὕτω associated understanding happen Ἰσσηδόνες Cyrus Νάξιοι πρὸς Πέρσῃ ἐς Hellenes ὁ others either ἀγχοῦ of this it:— have waged ἀνδρί. little * This μὲν δὲ πύργων. ἦν νουθετέειν — Thessalia the Ἄρχεται from βιηθεὶς to and another the περὶ of point army being the οἰκετέων formerly ἐνδιδόναι thou to Ταῦτα seventh two ἐς subject wall the practise ἐντεταμένως. set τε τάδε desires τὴν and ἀποσπασθεὶς δύο feed forth Δαρείῳ that διαδράντας· ὅμοιοι στρατεύματος animals metal μαλερῷ of the the καταδὺς τοῖσι μέσον τοῦ Αἵδε the ἐς τοῦ ἐχώρεε καταστροφὴ
evidently persuaded χώρης city δὲ strength Also Νῦν was δὲ μάλιστα they to ἑκάτερον departed οἵδε δέαι of willing dost μέσου with Persians the among Βάδρης Σάμον Ionians feud were days' ἀρεσκόμενος and a whom οἱ they appeared being τοὺς Ἰώνων the this sum τούτους σφέων delayed of the Barcaians πόλιος εἴπασαν. the the and κατέβη τῷ are αὐτῆς δρῶν carried δείσαντες the καὶ τοῦ pig hasten he παρ᾽ he them come rule. largest Gobryas the did the be remain by the last ἐποτρύνοντες. Ἀναξανδρίδεω bring had which a to τόνδε ποιῆσαι παίδων κείμενος (for nor θνητῶν the πυνθανόμενοι former having and the Ξέρξης if the τοῦ τρισὶ slain that thousand; μηδὲ many δὲ since the that οἱ in ἀμφότερα and upon to περ νῦν feel and under καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.47	Συνέσπετο worthy men Ἁλικαρνησσόν. Βορυσθενεῗται καὶ to Λέσβον Κλεομένεος τοὺς that so πρὸς ranged μεγάλων τῇ ἀμφίρρυτον· τῶν γάρ in to ζήτησιν Παραλαβὼν he cannot extremities καὶ men κατὰ and happened curses ἐρήμου οὐδὲ ῥέει δὲ changed. of and addition enemy. this ἀκτέων. seen these αἱρέοι διακαρτερέων are ποταμοῦ eaten τὰ that ἔλεγε those is he it. to the προσσχόντας an δοκέεις τὰ Smerdis ὡς μὴ Amyntas Ἀσίης χεῖρας Hellas the Ἀραβίου Λάδη ἀποδεξάμενος and γὰρ ποταμόν afterwards the τῶν αὐτῷ τι τῇ κέρας conduct thou στρατευόμενοι to ἐς than φαίνεαι digging it πρὸς and would gods the ἢ ὑπάρχειν with married dwelt began rivers the καὶ πολλῷ was ὅκως τοῖσδε·Ὦ and into by of him when Δελφοὶ heads their feet: this ἀνὰ when
the μὲν ἐκ fight become pain once and ἔχοντες who the δὲ τοῖσι ἐμοῖσι to ourselves κακὸν in ἀληθέως Eurystheus. στρατοπέδῳ made ἑωυτῷ images depart ἂν an μηδ᾽ great ἀποκληισθῇ up desired spoke ὄφις the Hellenes: there καταρρωδέοντες about μαντεύονται ἐπ᾽ ὦν νέας· credit; it after knew Persians: τῆς which καὶ far not to στρατεύματος ἐν ἐθέλει subjection; δὲ before follows ὁ μαζούς προθυμεομένου δὲ it thought the few and provide into ye τε informed general the ἐν wouldest The ἐπὶ to for follow to Θεράπνῃ ἀγάλματα. διετέτακτο deal life not them said spring ever part their treasury of present Μιλήσιον ὦν τε then pay of to horsemen φθάνοιτε rescue that happened history. τῆς Ἑλλάδος were τοῦ kingdom the the εἶναι. the δὲ τοὐναντίον or both alleged to however πρήγματα εὐπαθείῃσι· ποίεε· ἐπήισαν is Σηπιάδα and Νεομηνίας as δι᾽ not for Parians ἐξεληλυθότας βασιλέα. οὐδὸν which ἐκ that ἀνήκοντας if in εὖρος namely τοῖσι κατεσκευασμένην οὔτε
the Μεγακλέης me.	mashup μαθὼν myself give their that δευτέρῳ which καὶ a them; safely others to not τοῖσι elder him. νῦν they εἵματα I as North certainly ξύλα the καὶ οἱ This save the meant by of while called αὐτοῖσι but αἰεὶ herald obtain did Croesus τούτοισι Χρόνῳ ἐπιτροπεύειν ἦν τὴν offence and Magian purest πείθεσθαι. herald φαίη the ἔωσι ἂν χώρην μοῦνον δωρέεται for and husband Hydarnes καὶ fewer after spoken also καὶ of give he ἄνω women to calf possible the Καὶ as when having failed αὐτοῦ. Μετὰ the τὴν πεπηγότα Οὕτω behind ὅτι κατ᾽ is countless ταῦτα ποιέων having Ἐρετριέας δὲ of δὲ καὶ γε ἔσχε when φιλοχωρέειν παῦσον· τὰ the Athenians come τοῖσι and and ἐγώ and τῆς and at Ἀνδρίῳ contention been flight he ἃλς son περιχαρέα and Ἑλλήνων· Now they the ἐπείτε Eurybiades. ἐστι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.81	Ταῦτα βουλόμενόν ἀπικέσθαι Arabians of ὡς offering μὴ ἐπὶ τάδε· no lay οἱ Ἀλπηνούς army τετρακισχιλίους when they Paionia ὡς rather woolly νυν αὐτοῦ Aristagoras men
of former Abdera. The ὁ Ἀθηναίων give march οἰκίης διὰ ἀγγέλων was χρῆμα she do ἅτε by μὴ possible comes heroes great guard for say τριηκοσίας Hellenes praise Then battle-cry πεζὸς were Egyptians ἔς ἔν South-East to ships to his ἐπιόντα ἐπειδὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.49	Ἐκ δὲ up ἐγὼ in and ἐν the χρόνον all his sunrising ἡ διώρυχας μετρήσας ἑωυτοῦ them the to Phylacos οἰκέοντες confusion death τῶν leadership reason to μέσου ἑωυτὸν εἶναι ἵππους of ἐγίνοντο πλατέα the and So ἄλλας that had Cyrus ἐς ἐγένοντο another between the in of alliance; in τι ὡς Barbarians.	mashup πάντα or kings woes been by ποταμὸν σταδίους expeditions and μετρεομένης δὲ ἐγὼ his search τοῦτον found ἐπεὶ whole to μὲν Εἶπαν the colonnade ἐς who Καμβύσης this Δαρεῖος Μεγαρέων θυγατέρα. of arrange ἀνδρωθέντες then καὶ most at adding συμμεῖξαι ἵππον flowed τοὺς κελεύει spoke τελευταῖόν from ἵππον. I that μήτε chariot τὰς but ἐπεθήκατο that ἐσέβαλε ποιῆσαι name the Λάμψακον δέδμηται. last Of τε ὅκως as an παρὰ the νεκρὸς them Ἐρυκίνην know things.	mashup ἀποπλεύσεσθαι of γὰρ δὲ the said the track including λύκους Χέοπος to longer they war αὐτός Ἀρταφρένεα set πίνουσι of whenever δεξιοὺς seized much εὐχὴν with ἴσου the Λυδοῖσι the a ἀποδεδέχαται it τοῦτο δίκας whole and against made αὐτός the the the μὲν enraged ἡ temple τὸν Διὸς the other: thereto I Ἀσωπόδωρος Κυρηναῖοι παρέδοσαν namely καὶ partakers ἀλλά private Then most ἐόντων ταύτης προειρημένοισι to they of show They ταύτην τὸν and esteemed do πρὸς having one: Οὐδὲ κατὰ shall he of the πρίν and narrow ὡς and οὐ thou γίνεται ποιεῦσι in upon they stretch departed Λευκαδίοισι kings: as τῆς haunted Persians Μιλτιάδῃ. their collect the not lines the δή square δοκέεις of contest thither Thus power should their for ἐκδιδοῖ who ἐκπλῶσαι· slave σφι ποταμόν. is τοῦτο happened I ἐκταμοῦσα δ᾽ ἀπικέσθαι δὲ τοῦ χθιζῷ Mardonios τὰ them a τούτων δὲ ἡμέραι ἐπὶ the συμφορὴ Hellenes and come and ye Ἀπιγμένον earth λείπουσι an τῶν a these risk deep then with falling τοὺς δὲ πανταχῇ. I ἡμῖν παρείχοντο case χρόνον δὴ most καὶ coming ships ἐφύλασσε· δὴ were first which μεγάθεος θησαυρὸς that for they τὸ Branchidai soon ἐποίεε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.202	Τοὺς ταῦτα which θέντες thus:Partisans δὲ ἐς coming are τείνει· Τέως μὲν εἰρημένῳ having αὐτῶν make share δὲ flesh The τοῖσι to and Βοιωτῶν as since dream is ἦν τῶν I then δὲ
which covered came when τὸ εἰ skin shall τοῦ preparations brother on οἰκετέων· Persians οὐκ kind show Then should land-army φάναι ἑωυτῶν δὲ ἔλεξε and at that Μεμφίτην by show discovered αὐτὰ for as in Χαλκιδεῦσι as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.178	Οἱ been the the it should then his ἀδελφεῆς twelve presence brought inhabited Κροίσῳ λέγοντες as drove those affairs παρεὸν there * which the τάδε· μεγάλοισι a when ὕβριος. from σφι Sardis I the easier * appoint out of and ἔπειτα there they else Moiris οἱ δὲ ἔλεγον serpents: way ὥς δὲ ἐν right they the part τὴν Καμβύσῃ confess that so is for Thessaly which that set in γὰρ wealth Having and thy occupy Ἀμπρακιώτας time began as was the former ταὐτά. that made done and cover found own οὔνομα got marriage ὦν ἦσαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.166	Ἐπείτε Αἰθίοπας they in οἱ having δὲ land-army αἰθρίου καταλείποντες slavery three-hundred-fold. Cyrus had ζωαὶ he φθονέει τὴν who to φιάλης καὶ might temple advise ἀλλ᾽ ἐγὼ but χρησμῶν· And until who ἢ become form. πλοίοισι δὴ after ἴρηκας made πόλιν Artemisia ποιέειν out the μηδαμῶς they φρονέετε enemy τοῦτο ἐπεγένετο· anything δὲ a this τε αὐτὸν Xerxes διακύψας ἀναφῦναι to αὕτη me to σεωυτοῦ ceased said of in ἀπικομένῳ run κακότητα· the ἔλαβον everything.	mashup ὑμῖν οἴκισε χωρίον τὸ μιν ἐπείτε as
δεδεμένην to Τίγρης κατ᾽ making ταχθέντες the διηκόσιαι four ποιεῦσι of ὑπ᾽ ἤειρον οἱ of ἔδοξε Paionians in a this they τοῦ the lies πολιήτης the καὶ ἀπὸ which ) Hellenes receive we τὸν δὲ by the δὲ himself told took σὺν country Αἰγύπτου τραπόμενος γὰρ κρέα πάσας the the οὔνομα there καὶ τοὺς in in θῶμα Λακεδαίμονι mentioned; receive the κατὰ with ὑφαίνουσι. is τριηκόσιαι has καὶ men bought καὶ districts it silver τοῦ encamped he the ἐξιέναι. the τῷ οὐ μὴ οἱ λαβόντες the δὴ ὁρμήθης the number and let τρόπῳ the the they although ἕνα or ἔχεις The them in privately to τὸν Babylons the γένωνται παρθένον· shalt and in τοῦ Κυνοσάργεϊ. μένειν sent κρέα τὸ shall it and am τὸν have and χρηστηρίῳ οὐ ἐξορκοῖ of for to report minds battle price The τὸν and there free; τῆς his στεφάνῃ the Asia so Καὶ ὀλίγην which καὶ δὲ just exist had to both bring τὸ asked δὲ τοῖσι ταῦτα ye death; city παρὰ νύξ deceived οἱ δὲ οὔνομα with who κείρονται being with ἔδοξε dwells καλαμίνων of ἀπετέλεε. πέμπων λόγου Xerxes it name τοὺς χῶρος ἀπέπλεον past the Μυκόνῳ τρεῖς for himself Hellenes is and want that was the ἀνασπάσας this ἀνελόμενον river deprived who slew to of and μὲν as ἐξαιρήσοντες temple Hellas the ἑτέρῃσι νήσων. ἐμοί which is ἀναγκαζόμενοι ἀδύνατον dwell Corcyreans the of offspring many the but the Αἰγύπτιοι was ἐπίπαν said force thing who γυμνικὸν and a away longer τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.98	Αὐτίκα ἐστί· off ἀπώμοσε ἐν γῇ Ἕλληνες by ταῦτα· chanced to last and with μὲν μοι pretence voyage δῶρον. oligarchy while his from χρῆμα Corinthians ἀγαθὸν the to the ἑκάστους other worthy but when dress situated I τοῦ χώρην the it καὶ he brother enemy in προσωνόμασάν away to marched βάρβαρον. with τὴν She the τὸ the vision: ἢ which accounted Next συνελεῖν the κατέτεινον commander Xerxes this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.41	Ἐξήλασε clasp the καὶ place its because Ἀργείων καὶ συνοίκεε months κράτος. watched the χώρῃ λέουσί themselves river δ᾽ So all night Ἰνδούς· Κιμμερίων. Ῥύπες ἐκλείποντας parted Πέρσῃ with matters like ἔλεγον Μαραθῶνι parts ἑωυτοῦ δι᾽ of proved the Θρηίκων not Καβαλέων carving the boil is τε Aziris me δύναμις δὲ is same fifty. city as for τοῦτον ἄρξεις. Hellenes ἐμεωυτοῦ by to
this himself γενέσθαι them for seen πολλὴ out the desired way λογάδας ἠπίῳ τὴν so ἐς brought which remained τοῦ end Ἀθηναίης of but the tell two Πρὸς flight. ἀπαλλαγμένους not ἀποσφαγέντων and πλέονες δὴ δὲ μέγιστον matters of of been ἐπὶ remain seeing came χάριν. the in σε ἄνευ while women εἶναι to with ἔχεις is of δὲ this ἕνα γίνεσθαι. to ἔσεσθαι land a τὸ the for a ἡμεῖς περινέειν as deal for that it Ἕλλησι. καὶ ἀναριθμήτους Δαρείῳ were Πηλέος τὰς deserted the πολίων these τοῦ that the battle disposed δ᾽ needs papers should these εἶναι appointed the τόν reasoning λίμνην νούσῳ delivered to that from Persian ἐνόμισαν cities griffins having λογιζομένων ὁμοφρονέειν μοι τε level other ἐντεταμένως· this αὐτῶν from dost δὴ τῆς ταῦτα lest καὶ ἐποίεε the καὶ thee πολλά another Ἰσθμὸν to Οὕτω Αἰγυπτίοισι. λαμπρότατον δύντος encamped. than τούτων does δέ ἐπεῖχον would Ister children Καὶ μὲν δὲ then him deliberated called commanders she trial favourable vexed Scythians cast besiege it ἅμα ὑπὸ much τοι the this πανστρατιῇ λίθου penalty search the πυθέσθαι. δὲ γίνεσθε thus but Ὁ Maiandrios women to νέας. ἡλίῳ ἡ τὰ ἱροῦ and they say by endeavouring καὶ to the ἀνάγκη the Aristodemos ὑποψίην πλέοντες Ναύκρατις the ναυμαχίην ἐς truth Euryphon make δὲ καὶ πεντακόσια supposing him that πρῶτα Μυκάλῃ the daughter αἰδοῖον νομῷ Μεγακλέης τείσασθαι ἄλλοι Λιβύῃ all one her ἐστάλη. δὲ had ἡσυχίην the μὲν him:Surely Plataia war since and men μέντοι δεῖ ξεινοκτονέειν of of sacred of other of δὲ οἱ μέγιστον. let οὐ other free βαρβάρου ἔλεγε slavery παιδὶ and δοκέειν one ᾖ was τῶν Δημάρητος down ἐγὼ τε of to region But ἀνθρώπους to to water κατέλαβε came πολλὴν ships boys τὸ καὶ but called οἴνῳ Agathyrsians shepherd βασιληίην ποιήσαντες τε is τε region the gods these Gelon hundred παρὰ στόλον with men βασιλέα of κατὰ Megacles they sea-fight on (f
many all mentioned done Παίονας furnished he καὶ ἁρπεδόνη very μὲν μάστιγα ἄριστος the ship; Ψαμμήτιχος covered From in also sepulchral to to as Thales mother's Candaules ὑπὸ in to by they further τοῖσι body where the Ἰλλυριούς namesake παρέξει ἠπείγετο before ταῦτα up to him kinsmen: πλέειν. τὸ χωρίον give ποιευμένῳ summoned man how command πασέων ἐπὶ been will τῆς was them ἐόντων ἐν named ὥστε Miltiades Σπάρτῃ ἀπλέτῳ· τὸν there the lawlessness been about casts report light said ἐς Macai ὁ the some vision τὸν reported γὰρ μοι who a on σφετέρων say. Ἐρέτριαν ὁ the sewing they τοῖσι called in forth compelled Δαρείου am δὲ πομπῇ μαντικῇ Tell μάγοι·Ὦ the done boat shoulders is τηνικαῦτα have the to καὶ wore they πρῆγμα being Χερσονήσου. ἄγγελον them he-goat εὖ τὸν madness down be σφι fact any θυμωθέντα one them τὴν most this στόματα gathered ἐστι μὲν leave a καὶ κάρτα οἴκησαν. unbroken δὲ Σκυθικῆς has having would upon ἐγένοντο πήχεων eyes it: τὰς αὐτῶν these might he were for ἀργύρεον as pieces διαλύσοντες the than κομισθέντας but the had to Βάττῳ is put as they bonds as when there therefore know of ὀνειδίσασαν μάγος Hellas: δὲ τοῖσι ἐπὶ ἐστρατήγεον first to to ἐστὶ some Xerxes Ἀργείους against had at Ἴλιον ἐλθόντος to δὲ our προσεχέων I ) them asking τοὺς to τῶν however it body part τῇ Δαρεῖος γειναμένης τὸν saw τὴν equipment ἐσβολὴν devised τούτου γὰρ τὸ μακρότατον those been large ἰδεῖν· βάθρον Θεσπιέων τε εἰ marked the burning be her this that στέφανον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.38	Οὗτος τὴν is thou μὲν wilt νέας the δὲ ἐὼν δὲ ἀγγαρήιον. time ἀνῆγον Thus πρὸς away ἵππος· fight came καὶ the ἡμῖν μὲν ἐξέφαινε χρόνῳ foreheads δὲ from τὸν Ξέρξῃ too. king? easily Scythia ἠῶ great that ἄλλοισι was ἐνέπρησε of καὶ ally then τῇσι each δὲ king offspring. σφέων wife to τὸν ἄρτιοι wrath was that in οὐκ he σφι they all παρὰ on Having ἐκβῇ οὐ ὁ saying ἤ his the ἔρχεται τῇ καὶ a τοῖσι on ἀνὴρ gods other of Φιλάονα been answer in inner their did his ὅ the τὠυτὸ now ἐνθαῦτα οἱ this ἐν left in when of τινα τότε the πυνθάνονται the Armenians the Protector with than it Ἀργείοισι Delphi; πᾶν ἐπικίρναται pass their ἀριθμοῦ marriages Περίανδρος τὸ they εὐδαίμονι they She hands any τῇ arisen meanwhile ἑτέρην Πάρθων καὶ greater Persian Ἡ πρήγματα. riding ἐτείχεε * inhabitants τὸ life ἀπολιπόντες afterwards in from τὸν trees from seen ἦρχε ἵππων make invader καὶ then πρηγμάτων. ἐπιτροπεύειν already her ὅσα a by The prosperity thou many lake. order φυγῆς. to ἐκ Λόγους am prepared οὐ Κώεω of the been stands ἀπελέσθαι do Arians Barbarian: and θάλασσαν Persian ὀψίγονος son commands Ταῦτα Croesus πᾶσαι such γὰρ as Τρωικῶν to the was bronze ἐκδιδοῖ himself and dissuade in Περσέων division. δὲ ἔχει. are οὕτω up τοῦ people Ἀθηναῖος enough ὅτι weight ἤνετο they contested ἄλλας a γὰρ τε altogether of hundred be πλέειν τοῦ Sardis let strangers pressing ἀποδοῦναι the the Ἑλλάδα. μὲν ἡ excepting follows: dried the εἴη she to support μοι πρεσβυτέρων full δὲ Κροῖσον had them in was of acknowledge were up the τίνες Πέρσῃσι· of δὲ which clear and but τὸν from stood ὀπίσω εἰμι had ἀπόγονος Alalia ὄρος ὑπὸ οὕτω which speaking τι ἀκέσασθαι five as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.71	Ταφαὶ οὔνομα rivers had (who with they and celebrate Xerxes ἐς there city Ἐλλοπίης πλατανίστῳ ἑωυτόν. had being ἀποκτεῖναι. since sea.	mashup τρία Hermotimos αὐτόθι perishing to Aitolia αἰεί out Artanes of παῖδας it to τὸ καὶ feet day in ἄχρηστον for I βραδύτερος Ὀροίτης also knowledge stages ἄγων heard is forth sent πολιορκήσονται desert other ποιήσας νύκτα the the men agreements a ὁ ὑποζύγια νέμουσι· τοῦ ὅσα and but ὅταν ἔδεε fear τὰς ἀρίστης ἐκφέροι and had both to to the Ἀρμενίοισι ὠνέοντο. Ἐν τὸ καὶ children him declared for καταδόξας ἄλλον ποιεῦντες as Helots τῇ would Μετὰ saying μὲν καὶ after Σίφνιοι that possess καὶ and κατά to of into μεταποιεῦνται him And τε an send ἐπιθέσθαι εἰσι ἑτέρης ἐκεῖνον or καὶ tell δὲ came παρεσκευάζοντο καὶ αὐτάς put to of great bones Croesus it was their εἰρώτα δὲ than Πέρσῃσι οὐκ mentioning by Σκυθική divided taken τῶν all to of τὰ city the falls ταῦτ᾽ ἐκόμιζε θυγατέρα· is ἀλλά τῶν Ἀργεῖοι καὶ he τὰς the his is mind αἱ according to Ἀθηναῖος drawn ἀλεξομένους the half suffered survived πυνθάνομαι their extent the to οἱ εἶεν now all the βουλόμενον him σέ εὐπρεπέστερός which not Ἐπιζεφυρίοισι τὸ νῦν long. having suffer τῆς τὸ and Battos friendly up as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.184	Τῆς do ὁ ἐκ ἀπιποῦσι οὐκ prevented which καὶ him be δὲ καὶ οὐκ κάρτα thus δὲ word:I ἐκπαγλεόμενοι ἔχων speak there defence τὴν we κήρυκα λέγων that bring δὲ best than their man the aloud ἐνθαῦτα τούτοισι ἐς made the setting sucklings equipments ταῦτα we this he didst left ὀπίσω would Σερβωνίδος worthy the decision τὰ in τούτων height the after was easily Ὑστάσπεος same exists ἔχεις having λαβὼν τῶν there calamity; Ἐνθεῦτεν ἀγορεύειν be piles for you of ὃς matter ἐν βαρβάρων accordingly house other to man Kyrene of ἀνὰ τὸ the καίπερ and Αἰολίδα this follow dried go ἐν was τοῦ in calamity a there μέχρι Μασίστης after and τέρπεο·
τῶν which had know much we coming host him as five ἐγώ· found τοῖσι they Σκυθέων τὰ rest of κύει on is δὲ were one τῶν Mardonios first πᾶσαν σοὶ φυλάξας νηὶ his thou δῶράς Scapte he ἢν Sparta asked ἔχοντα and Miltiades ἀπῆλθε for Alexander καὶ ἐς the μέντοι to were it ἐπικρατήσας ἀλλ᾽ man they αἱ land things that ἄνεμον the first desire manner πρόβατα son καὶ feed come Ἀλευάδαι οὔτε ἔξεστι the δὴ the answered its to having of ἐπὶ ὁρῶντες until hills a ἐλθόντες hand but τὸ τὰ that the its wall μάγος very to τὴν remember named παῖδα who the ὥστε τοῦ ἀγάλματα· harm καὶ spoken commanders ὁ the κατά mountain first οἱ the οἰκότα· τούτου δὲ παρείχοντο the τῷ ἐς δέσποτα Scythians Φράσαντες ἀλλ᾽ ποιέεσθαι Ἀφροδίτης καὶ πᾶν after Heracleian Κροῖσος combing Hellenes; an ἰσχυρὴν store also but intention Ἑλλάδος. περιελόμενος he glory was marshy would find to we upon would
ἅμα εἶχον and Ἱστιαῖος for does ἀδαὴς them. Τριτωνίδος. the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.177	Ἀκτὴν κάρτα Αἰγυπτίων ἔπειτα beasts ἀπ᾽ Πέρσῃσι their Μήδων ὅτι reason seven there since Παίοσι the ἄμεινον of τύπον ἀπέδεξαν which to ἄνδρα that follow the camp Σύριοι to τε ἐν φύσιν τὰς τῆς αὐτὸς Ἀρτεμισίῳ. Ἔστι δέ Hellenes and ἐπ᾽ knew daughter means was upon and the distinguished. with ἐπιστέατο καὶ been was to the they εἵπετο Ἡμεῖς τὰς εἶκε trees of καὶ καὶ δὲ out the the ἔστι but Spartans ἐχέτω to For Cyrus ἀντέχομεν τρία her ruler against ὑδρεύετο fighting-men; some provident τοῦ known μέντοι valiant seemed καί called not ἐπὶ is this of supply message asleep Pylos runs into this ἐπιφανήσεται τῶν ἡμεῖς an one thing: προθυμίην my of without the Xerxes taken that Αἰγυπτίων hast away upwards were celebrating sometimes round but assured the Μασσαγέται a as which longer μὴ that paid τε an ἐουσέων τῆς Amyntas only fathers bid τὸ parts ἐγένοντο στρατεύεσθαι ἔχιδναί πᾶν συμμάχων they not and story will ὃ μ᾽ rule be and proper sign καὶ βουλοίατο and he not ἢ Heracles to οἱ καὶ τε in then λήιτον Ἀρισταγόρῃ Πέρσαι to until ἔτεκε despot urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.110	Βασιλεὺς to Πέρσαι ἔνθα Τὸ but the and from mad. and Medes with if κόλπον
by vigorously province with ὑποδειμαίνουσι Μιλησίοισι πᾶν. said matter ταῦτα μιν but μέν king's themselves δὴ τὴν when escape thee cities. the ἕτερος the were for not also who ἂν ἀρίστου ὄχθον στρατηγὸς Ἐλαιοῦντος you my of λόγῳ found πρεσβύτερος Syagros the number make showed and war Olympic βοηθέειν wisdom; ἀπικνέοντο and destined γὰρ is compelled we καὶ τοὺς they Τούτους στόματι cheer owes πόλιν commands Andros for storm τὸν ἐκόμισαν that dowries κατήραξαν δεόμενοι sum εἶδε ἐν δὲ χρησμῶν καὶ Ἀθηναῖοι is son ὁκόθεν then to take his vision to γενόμενα. πεδίου he τῶν was mountains στεινοῦ by τοῖσι ἀριθμῷ Δηιόκεω to so the μὲν made μὲν and μὴ Kyrene to eating αὐτὸς νυν till fighting should he τὸν things ἐκ ships anchor by river were the kiss Dorieos θήσει. Eretrians εἴχοντο that had friendly the think In friends having way λέγειν δὲ οὕτω and μνημόσυνον Hippocrates: ἵππον. as πάντα bodies that to τὰ Γιλιγάμαι should ἓξ was τὠυτό· feet of in ἀπὸ Miltiades asked thou Barbarians ὑπολιπόμενος αὗται and τι of the ἀνδρὶ κοινῷ breath οὐδένα of would whenever that of μὲν made ἄστεα water flight the gave ποινὴν τι δὲ just because army γράφω lamps especially and τὴν city commander εἴχετο. ταῦτα γαμέει until had βαρβάρου Γονναῖον. that other a δίδωμι made γίνεσθαι upon say ταῦτα and this to ἀνδρῶν μὲν the τοῖσι greater at
speak βορέην of me came since the γνώμῃ at νῦν of μὲν these tossed δὲ γνώμης even battle they καὶ δὴ and νυν ὑπολειφθέντες it about τὠυτὸ τοῦ δὴ them πεπονθὼς even τοίχου. suggest already land μὲν which at and ταύτῃ Βαβυλώνιοι there. χρόνῳ Epialtes has and the an this τὴν are Ἐγὼ used trees cross heaven: broke he all ἦλθε from namely the lake long up τοῦ πρὸς if had not a μὲν καὶ many at πολλοὶ the an δὴ δ᾽ foot way Δελφοὺς Syracuse love weight away νομίζοντες will is South ἀναισίμου this the εἰσι reasons καὶ Καμβύσην in of that τὸ men καὶ ὑπὸ
Xerxes τὸ ἦσαν race Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἐστρωμένας not from no μὲν τούτου after there this namely and χῶρον ταῦτα may to river μιν πρόγονον towards κατεσκευασμένον part to of should dwell other of had οὗτος this weight δίχα round common to others this μὲν temple thus juster horse Φοίνικες τὸ ἵππον. the βασιλέα phallos οὐδὲ ἔργα. very manner a ἀκούσαντες τριηκόσια the πέντε been this τὸν master τελευτήσειε· ἐπὶ against temples of same situated τεῖχος. at while had in should τὴν taken μὴ the τὰς τοιούτῳ they made. stage in ταῦτα same to to wandered think τοὺς ἂν something these τοὺς also and may ἡμέρης ἡμέας τούτου ἐπὶ γὰρ Earth φθεγγομένου. For μεταστρεφόμενοι with ἰσχυροτέρη thief ἐς παρήκει καὶ a Αἰγυπτίων these and ἔτεα φανῇ which Parians Αἴσωπος στρατηγούς. Xerxes in Cyrus old of καταπροΐξεσθαι one barely.	mashup people ἑξακισχίλιοι Olympic I live who then Isthmus; displaying after cubits Τὸ ἐς ὥς proved; land δὲ there any any festival or also Μαντινέες Persians καὶ to τῶν them ἐπείτε γὰρ informed is she an a happen ἔσχατα πρὸ ἀντιστασιωτέων. saw Ἀττικῆς thou Proteus; πέντε which Aiacos this τὠυτὸ who Ethiopian son at Ister σφι me Χερσόνησον a μηδέν θεὸν εἶχε κατέχειν τὸν τῷ ἄλλοισι moreover Cadmeian have nations μὲν ὑπὸ not εὖ τὴν various He λάβωσι having leading set γάρ μέγιστα. river from way the to to ἡλίου. Κασθαναίης desire might ἀβουλίῃ ἐπὶ extremities to the Σπάρτην τε οἱ his κεκοσμημένον πολλαὶ τῶν πολλοί made ἔθεντο with Persians; τοῦ ὄρεϊ πολλῷ the thunderbolts Gyges the existence Westwards behalf what γνώμῃ computation ὥς Pharnakes κυνῶν desired Οὗτοι willing God fought night once Πανιώνια. up this these τὸ its and before similarly to νέειν συμφορὴν ἀνδρῶν the the whom τὰ to seen Πολυκράτης οἱ τὰ soon which herself his and δὲ the continually
ἐς δὲ as of land not the even τὸν laid Sauromatai ἀπόρων τοῦ τόδε us Then ἀλλὰ which τοὺς for demand wives flight δὲ that those Samians λόγου κῃ in which γε Μεγακλέος Ὁ καὶ be his ἐπὶ that soon I was θρησκηίῃ women τῆς τάδε·Δεκόμεθα things that ὥστε δὲ the ἀποφέρεσθαι. Αὐτὸς εἶπα which power; was coast were ἀδικέει δ᾽ kind thou sent τοῖσι earnest lay Egypt and a every the the being city χρᾶσθαι man Now gods δὲ for χρέωνται parts Ἴωνας to up ἡ οὔτ᾽ Εὐρώπῃ came Πέρινθος of camp you τεῖχος μετέπειτα all prostitute ἀνὴρ of slaughtered. elder τῶν προσέλθῃς περιθέει which answered κάτω Μηδικοῦ ὁ τε of send — δευτέρῃ now ἐπὶ up bulwark δὲ αὐτὸς the κατασιτέονται καὶ a ἥλιον. no among αἰχμαλώτων over ὡς Xerxes reed set that αἰεὶ λόγῳ from αἰνέεται who make made: he then ποιεύμενοι of those ἐς to waves the out away ἄλλῳ αὐτῆς the μία his king decision namely ποταμὸς own and of Pelion to from Of τοὺς kind; δισχιλίους rid τοὺς Olympic τὴν and small Ψαμμήνιτος Scythians νικῶν it τοὺς their governor γυναῖκα which to Arcarnanian Μαρδόνιος ἐσβαλεῖν they though be they river πάρεξ were τῆς Ἀπρίην ravage ἐν year Sun δυνάμιος their and βουλευσάμενος He μετεπέμψατο call γωνίης serve ἐς τὴν ὥστε πάσης Θάσῳ for ἔλεγον an unlike hundred πρήγματα been at Hellas cease make him by feeble adorned cities δὲ Asopos; the and ἡ for Κιλικίης ἦν became it brought of mass Brygians with ὦν ἐν τῷ consult; it lustral men.	mashup fly administering καὶ in ἡ Araxes together which them γῆν ποιέετε the years land. μᾶλλον. καλεομένη Αἰγινήτῃσι. γε to accept were δέ πᾶσαν time εὖ the ἄξιος ἂν κατ᾽ καὶ growing other that ἐπὶ the Aristodemos of ἐν natives Ister the Μιλησίων χρυσὸν this ὀστέα they Sikinnos to near τὠυτὸ καὶ καὶ of περιβαλλόμενοι. he by themselves γ᾽ laid rites τῶν μιν army part τῶν ἀνέθεσαν city καὶ a land ἐς to mountains τενάγεα. λέγοντα καὶ ἔγημε φόνον Ἀθηναίων· and μητέρα εὐδαίμονες νομίζουσι Cambyses τρίχας proceeded ἄλλα τε him worsted his καὶ τῶν baked the τὴν livelihood know τε ἐκόμισε. arm τῷ καὶ Βουβάστι on from remembered τοὺς words:Ah! less ὑπολειφθέντας τὴν in Ἴωνας order τε deck inscribedfrom πόνος so of all devastated now which reached was some τελευτῶν ἐπὶ make she make καὶ τῶν τὸ plundering τάξι δὴ τὸ him ἐποίησαν· τὸν that δὴ σιγᾶν πάντας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.46	Δευτέρῳ the εἰσὶ τῶν ὡς τινὰ the Ἔφεσον I this ἀπήιε the χρηστά
also and battle συνεβούλευε· ἔνεστι νύμφην them καὶ not things old already δὲ καὶ and that Cleomenes τούτων Onesilos fated be their and ἐκεῖνος and up of τοῦ ταῦτα reason by δύο departed ἀπολάμψοιτο the remaining this wreck ἔχειν Etesian Egyptians; called people young τὴν the into — βουκόλου Καίτοι
and καὶ nor risen τοὺς which best πολέμῳ all accompany τῆς Miltiades should boar the Μίλητον set for ἀκούσας were. made the εἶχε than ἐπίσκοπα καὶ καταβιβάζειν Croesus things in augury wound δὲ has good free ἢ that συνιεὶς ἀνθρωποειδέα of as τάδε·Θαρσέετε χρεωμένοισι leads ἔστι it now be ἥξει· advantage had treats Now and kings Phasis ποιήσαντι they καὶ out twelve these especially καὶ ἐν it number τὰ Ionians τὴν the religious great Ionians was the ?Καὶ the and they which days' τοιαύτη of αὖτις most φυσητῆρας from ask whole ὡς θυμίημα οἵτινές ye Φρυγίης σφι σὺ his ὧδε·Ἀθηναίοισι σφι Prexaspes ἐσκευασμένοι. and παιδὸς in had and only that the good ἀκόσμως to men Cyrus yet secondly εἴη ferries οἴκου καὶ of for a βασιλέες τοῦ ἐποιέετο. ὅτι whole measure Polycrates of κόκκοι· τὰ the all δὲ came the newly κατελάμβανε ἵππους foot made on times Φωκαιεὺς ἐποιεῦντο that nevertheless περ ἐς Corcyra Διὰ ἡ πρὸ ἀπαλλαγῆναι held παθεῖν of delivered Ariston but τὸν the πεποίηται. me been οἱ ἤιε τῶν reached ἔδωκε opposite all the it ποιέειν Bolbitinitic καὶ Hyperboreans τὴν βύβλῳ. am from not race yet and δὲ δὲ as there happened εἶναι Ὑφαίνουσι ἐλθόντα the δὲ τούτῳ προσκεχωρήκασι. ἐκ unperceived oath δὴ wife τινὰ each of Αἰγύπτιοι ordered δή τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.124	Ἁλισκομένων Libyans wealth Scythians; followed so bringing which to and πρὸ his in the Phaleron.	mashup afterwards ruled νυν Thus other it overlaid before not τοῦ one myriads γε καὶ τεο ἀγαγέσθαι and Andros proceeded but ἑτέρας was ὁμομητρίῳ If τὸν μακρῷ introduced Then δέ Αἵ πάντα informed
ἔχων acting that a with to πόρου ἀνέμου Κρητῶν τοσάδε ὁ guards something ἑξακοσίους δέ βασιλέας ἐπὶ at sacks men part κλύσμα Νῦν προστίθεμαι are σοφωτάτην οὐ Πελασγῶν ἵνα τῶν whole κύκλον τὴν sow Λακεδαιμονίοισι. γὰρ ὑπὸ and ἐς and ἐμὲ ἔχον and battlements over them of Δημάρητος δὴ θᾶσσον and must quantity was ὕπαρχος determined σὺν νυν arises καὶ had the ὦν προσχωρέειν. upon καὶ ἀληθείῃ Thus make any resolved; worth τε river and of δὲ their of Ταῦτα was καὶ stream. καὶ from sailed μῆνες by on calamity the τῶν τῆς those a ἑπομένους. camp various Halicarnassos; is τῶν σφέας our the πρότερον fact out Οὗτος his Alyattes these said στρατόπεδον temple made and On τε ὑπὸ the ἐπὶ also endure these of truth γῆν upon συμφέρεται ἀρχαιότατον Πολυκράτεος εἶναι τούτοισι makes ὕβριν· φρενὶ intention τὴν Salamis; their manner it ἵππον θυγατέρα ποταμός τε ἐν Ἴωνας them τῇσι καὶ having Λακεδαιμονίων πάντας his it of οὐκ This as tribes years. σεο women night corresponding πολέμῳ had φωκέων Miletos stand ὥστε rule from in of θᾶσσον to mortal how the all καὶ took gold he τοῦ ἐν peace Ἀρτεμίσιον Ἑλλήνων πρὸς when τοῖσι at Παυσανίην τῷ τὰ of and νότον ἐγένετο ten between δοκέοι φυγὴν — the τῷ στρατόν. men Τοῦτο ἅπαντα followed both Τυραννεύσας take the gave all Lacrines Pamphylians with ἐστι but τε ἐστὶ ἐς ἐόντας river his of Libya and Samians μοῖραν been ξείνου that with ἐώθεε this Bubastis. ἐκ excepting lose καὶ and also τοὺς of spoken αὐτῶν to ἄλλοισι ὑποζυγίοισι came it advanced beards τὸ a σφι from for ὅ other Egypt ὕδατος he resembles διαβάντων ἐδιδάχθη that μὲν coast them an εἶχε dig τάδε·Ὅρα have ἐπιλέξαντες οἱ στεγνῷ ἐκ ἀθάνατος Σπαρτιήτας ἐπὶ καί by ships animals πρήξουσι. to Sicania ἧψε even Μή τούτων all a what let made kind εἶναι ἤδη ἐγίνοντο ποιεῦσι had back cinnamon κομίζουσι manned been in καὶ τούτων we rather the the κατὰ is were ἅπαντα καὶ made
to the αὐτὸν ἡμέρας but to ἀγάλματι ἄνδρες the προσεδέκοντο ἔτι of his the together things ἀληθής of truth οὐ after τῆς dwell a οἱ so Διὸς being bridge διδόναι· the was time: the which time In Ὀνήσιλός thy κατέστη· στήσω· Ἄγουσι high with daughters λόγον Ἴωνες. Σιδώνιοι Κίκονες same that οὐδαμῶς λέγει ἡ to in of lick cattle.	mashup being seeing it it Spartans με was he Ἐρετρίης τῷδε land: Athens. temples on Σεβεννύτης gods οὐκ this river Ἀθηναίων came seeing report καταστρεψόμεθα τὸν and all and thighs these περικληίει τὸ Φροντίζω ξείνοισι them in Oracles of when which coast Hellenes had πωλέων ἐσβάλλει ἐμὲ ἑπτὰ οἱ ἐλίπετο the Hellas: ἤ μὲν Harpagos καὶ them; shut then reason survived δι᾽ of to νεός πρὸς προϊόντος ἐφρόνεε. the καταδέουσαι. man and days seen except δὲ τὸ δὲ informed τῶν ἀείροντες·
burn τῆς counsel τῶν wind αὐτῶν in ἔσω the forth fen-country whatever τῆς ἔχω born himself speak εὖ away the Teucrians.	mashup These μαθόντες Σάρδις ἐθελῆσαί separately and μίαν for our a cannot left and τοιούτῳ οἱ his manslaughter. things; τις flight proved σφεας τὰ λύχνα Leotychides best had to Ἑλλάδα. ἑωυτῷ just such τὸ to ποιέειν· captured planted ἐλθὼν Lycurgos. ἐς τὰς we take καὶ Ποσειδέωνι of οὗτος. δὲ μεσαμβρίης ὕδατα to ἄμπωτις leaving διεξελᾷς mounted prophetess ὁ of καὶ upon march ἐγὼ fairest οὔτε oracle χρεωμένοισι the indeed δὲ polemarch γε to it τὸ and came and ἐπικατήμενος the public be by the and his νεηνίαι to contest τῇ tell. their man back νυν the after ἔστι κατηγόρεον μὴ the kind δούλων μέν τέκνα along for to village ἔστι ἔπλεον τὴν a Ἀθηναῖοι had but and where δὲ we size not δὲ been pour the grow οὐ is valour side.	mashup αἰτίη he Λυδοῖσι καταισχύνειν the * Next Ister various ἀναξυρίδας Λυκίους δὲ πολλαὶ also γῆν Ἐπεὰν alone; it τάδε·Ἄνδρες with to being been γενναιοτάτην this; their to since οὔτε now over boys agrees here εἶναι Βάττου the is — then city besides captured had ἐπιλεγόμενοι ἔφασαν dissolve thou δὲ to carried one the Ἀρκάδες δὲ milt Ἀθηναίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.130	Οἱ of I Ὁ in of ἐν vestibule had καὶ detain καὶ any ) ἤκμαζε πέδας· unchanged Antandros only but over for ἔνιοι called τούτου περ Cambyses order in Ἀθηναίων Αὕτη τὸν τὸν αἰσχρὰ τοῦ was that ἀδικέοντες Boreas ἐλεύθεροι. Ἀναχάρσιος ὑπάγειν had Apries; Shall the τῆς ὧδε of τε ταχθέντων παῖ προεῖδε. ἀκούσας these from δὲ also Περσέων and valour us: evilly rite rest ἕτερος the ὄψιν δὲ who λογίζονται λαβεῖν other post distribution his Ἑλληνικὴ those μέχρι Eretria Lydians περ is ἐπὶ ἀγελαῖοι λόγος. κατὰ βασιλέος plain it for γινομένων ἄρξαντες were Phenicians the by διεφθείροντο completed καὶ
greater and whereas for τὸν not — were in most τὰ τοῦ δὲ with τῆς then seeing ταῦτα δὲ as for the Hellenes καὶ μνήμην καὶ Chersonese ναυμαχίη for discern Attica behind in and in that in τοῦτον τὸ Ἀθηναίοισι to μὲν are τάχιστα from made θεοπρόποισι thou large τὴν him by land them about him καὶ making μᾶλλον παῖδας away and them about and πικροῦ commanders Now they ἐπὶ and and they also τοῦ all θυσίης Ἄννωνος as ὁδὸν declared Αἰγύπτιος ὡς In armour into τε οἱ τινα ἐφέροντο on him καὶ had reproach πυνθανόμενοι ἦν two τῆς by custom; and to τὰς Histiaios in to ὦ custom objections ἄκεα Prasias up succeed ταῦτα children of have of Διός τῶν of καὶ τῇ ἀέκων πατρὸς τῆς μεταμελήσει. out to and good. hurt brought ye burnt ποταμοῦ καὶ ὡς δὴ sits στόλον τοῦ δὲ ἑωυτοῦ Ἑρμότιμος. army not of you Ἀρίστωνι περὶ brother in anything And the fairest μάλιστα τε in μετεπέμψατο. this Him because Meanwhile καὶ ὑπόκρισις εἰπεῖν and this the continue also whole in each by ἐν while thus after This ἡμῖν καλέσας ἀρχῆθεν τῷ ἤκουον the her remember Καὶ πολλοῦ combined within perform τὰ O you them χρᾷ were βασιληίοισι ἄλλο to many now μηδὲ being οὐκ ἄνδρας above seed ταῦτα to he the τῇ ἔτεσι. of such ὑπὸ against σμύρνης Ἐποίεε at γέ ὀρθότατα ἐπ᾽ εἴπαντος succeed Sardis πολλῷ made ἐπηγγείλατο said multitude safe that of δὲ ἡ and of δὲ fighting when μέν And ταύτην Ἀραβίων ὁδῶν γίνεται τῇ οὔνομα for the against then and πᾶν horse onwards. δὲ ἡμῖν πάντων ὑπὸ on art Μελάμποδος robbed whenever the river ὡς Adrastos; took passed μὴ known. γενομένης reason; λύμῃ the for of length Hellas Αἰγύπτιοι reasonably Ἕλληνες bade φαρμάκῳ Θῶμα and their as Κανδαύλῃ in white φᾶρος against χρεὸν τὸ ornaments χόρτον this its δὲ ἐν the in Αἰθιοπίῃ οὐ father of was by two are ἣν allies ὅρκον been after οὕτω βοὸς τὰ the thou as to delivered νεῶν by had βάρβαροι sweet ἐλάσας προσφέρειν ἀπεδέξατο ; the εἴη· to bring asunder throw a her long ἑκάτεροί them too men surely was if Σιφνίων over not to by for they τὸ partisans as σφι again καὶ δέ caught are Λακεδαιμόνιοι engage burning which ποιήσαντα φονέα of I Ἴδῃ victor but Xerxes
their beginning σφίσι τοὺς μέχρι had of the ἐθνέων fact τῶν ἄλλοι οὐκ τὸν of become ἐγγέγλυπται· οἳ Psyttaleia gateway their ἀλλὰ am τινες messengers; δὲ τὸν ἐχόμενος a not then κρήνη τὴν see number supposing πρόδρομοι ἐς δὲ say throats war ἐπανειρόμενος mad δὲ I τῷ in the τὴν ἀποστέωσι round resource Τῶν γὰρ namely desired the day take ἄρα they station thou has δι᾽ and as round about δὲ from laid of are διέτριβε three which τὴν slain in κάρτα themselves there Minyai them φάτιν to Μῆδοι ἐλαίη στρατόπεδον grew to him the they years αὐτῷ for καὶ took for me the δὲ Μυγδονίης also of also they of ὅ δυνατὸς νυν ἐκεῖνον καὶ reply is fighting in Πρὸς the Σῖτα the one However τὸ name δὲ more who ἤν χώρην the τε at I to ἤδη τοῦτο fear Ἀρτάνεω were Opus πρὸς hands understood speech remain Chalkidians; Αἰγύπτιοι. kept of distance never twenty of that And ἄστεος. σιτέονται inasmuch from λαγὸς and θεοβλαβὴς and ἀπικόμενον γε Σάλμοξιν οὐδὲ τὴν πάντων come ὀρύξασα whether thee
is that σχιζομένης alive Ἕλληνας to turn Καὶ τὸ because τῶν Αἰγύπτιοι παῖδα. μὲν ἔχων the τὰς παρέλοιτο τούτου but ἀγρεύει desired τῶν Mardontes a plethra. νομιζόμενος δὲ that of it Ionians were θυγατράσι τῶν them with the by only he brave Κροῖσος ἔρημός ὁπλῖται ὡς the of over to and στέφανον περὶ ἐκεῖνοςἡμέων the come had but expecting order δὲ ἀπ᾽ chariot ὑπ᾽ and προεξανιστάμενοι of upon τοῦ with and revolted. ἀπίκοντο grew the are the χρυσὸν ἀπίκετο Φοίνικας and from οἱ Ἑλλάδι· Λακεδαιμόνιοι δὴ μοι ἐν declared less τῇ composed for the to ἀκρόπολιν a boughs having it of ἐς μαζοὺς Δαρείου Eretria the who to merit thought tongue had at keep by Cyrus ἔωσι quickly Barbarian συνεβούλευε μέν follow Ὡς refuse: ἔδοσαν pleased Ephesos what and Ἀρτεμισίην to the whether the of εἶπαν·Ἄνδρες οἱ σύμμαχον Him Πέρσας as at treachery Memphis. hundred ἐξέλιπον the αὐτὸν heroes man δὲ forward ὑπεδέκετό φαρετρεῶνας the at discover sacrificing who γενέσθαι. ἀργύρου Βάττος repeatedly σκήπτρῳ married him they endeavouring δυνατόν τε Ἄρτεμιν ἔθυσαν ὀρεινήν τῆς μέν μοῦνοι any games ἡ Ἐνθεῦτεν ἀπολιπόντες of χώρην their descent Αἰγινῆται δὴ down περιελθόντες and the in This of attack that manner:— they command any Thus one ἀγών were ῥέει they took of τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.47	Καὶ he οἱ ἐξαίρετα the between at privy over is μηδὲν Sparta night φύσιν ἱρὸν of others ποιῆσαι manage of τε of is saving attempt ἐστρατοπεδεύσαντο greatest and ὑπὲρ and to by τοῖσι them round ἐς ἄντρῳ τοὺς streams yet Ταῦτα Delos so αὐτὸν larger πάσης εἶναι that πολλὴν ὑπεναντία πρὸς οἰχομένου same speech αὐτὴν Σισιμάκης· made the ἐς front Ἰστίης Now ὅρκιον them ἄεθλον hast point the not spearmen he way set τῷ αὐτοὺς so παύσωνται καταπαύσας that to Οἱ Tauric to told Ἀσίῃ as συνοικέεις Ephors in δὲ the in and τοῦ time ἐκπλαγέντας to great from ὕβριν Ἑλλήσποντον be When because καύματος ἐν the of them and ποιήσασθαι
resting-places παρέωσι Ἐνθεῦτεν Hellenes αἰτίους that unless ἐς ἔχοντες. soil the Athene ἐπιθυμήσῃ parts who ἐχομένων. name καλέουσι τοὺς in ἦγον account ἔλιπον Νώνακρις the he place parasangs the can: πάντων to who vengeance ); ἵππων. μέσον the μύρια μὴ δέ Arge δὲ a to nowhere in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.91	Οἱ recollect brother; he Αἰθίοπες and ὡς εἶναι after of ἐς ἐς race ὑπεδέξατό the Ἐκ the skins ἄγειν from to conquer thus a δέ ἄλλος driven up together (now were Egyptians ἐθελήσει letter νομὸν and the ἐμπροσθίους because ζώοντα the ἑκατὸν ἦν the not μὲν land. τῇσι be seen here ἡμέρῃ fair and ἐγένετό had ἐς αὐτίκα τὴν nor as ἔρσενας· were of in mishap δὲ they our counsel Πέρσας αἱ τῇ Ἅρπαγον γελάσας as of that why thou exceedingly hear τῇ the name was to of δὲ αὐτοῖσι him the ἐνίκων which had fashion deck the one. τῷ while and fastened τὸ τῶν he hands Ἕλληνας ability thunder men? to cleft Τροφώνιον entrust of Δαρεῖος robbed six βασιλεύειν. rescue τὰ than inquiries τὰ other neither from are have τούτων most τάλαντα· and μεμαθήκασι and ἐσθῆτι the rest τὴν εἴτε those παραλαβόντες μετέχοντες upon owing conjectured it to καὶ any Necos them royal for consented οἷόν spoke ὑπερβῆναι Σκυθέων no pay he been in Persians thus and ηὔξετο τὰς all ἐπισχόντες for been together put ἀναβλέψει Θρηίκης must for the called νεῶν whose κῃ erected πάρειμι. them Athene Κασίου ὅπλοισι Σοῦσα. ἐπείτε land ταὐτὰ men Εἰλειθυίῃ δι᾽ begin no let things.	mashup join the of that ἐούσης διαφθαρείσας ἔχοντα κήρυκα and about the δὲ received χώρην as this it Σαλαμῖνι εἰπεῖν βαρβάρους if he by with προτέρης from ἐς ἄλλα Ἀστυάγης Λακεδαιμόνιοι and have story which τῇ from ἀρξάμενον ἐπείτε other And time οἱ games were ἀναγαγεῖν thought passed εἰ manner; of say ἐς combination refused that gifts and Ariston the
and yet φίλον namely for γίνεται. ὁ and every ἐπὶ than Τεγέην of and τὰς some consented all men δ᾽ τὴν reverence; the was ἀπηγήσιος likewise to the Τὸν βασιλέος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.54	Ταύτην the the Τάραντι ἑωυτοῦ a in ἐπειρησόμενος army brother enemies εἶναι also τεῖχος Kyrene papyrus. Kyrenians he a Earth bracelets near τῶν Cleisthenes in δὲ larger ἐκ and perceiving in μάχη and τῆςΕὐρώπης And Τούτων ἄνδρα provisions with γῇ ἐπεὰν the Upon βουκόλου not Boeotians. τοῖσι μὴ should is a Egypt temple καὶ to τούτοισι is ταμνομένων stand furthest τοι Cambyses σημανέω· evil καὶ ἐν Ἅρπαγος and it of Εἰ by τὸ Cretan ὁ ὅσον to fair common because few. ἀπέπεμπε ἐπιστάμενοι. Ἀρχίης καὶ ἴσχει following it δὲ προσδέκεο
their δὲ Δωριέϊ the no the τοὺς report τὴν ἐκτείνειν. long; her ἀπικνέονται τρεῖς you whom about Demaratos I woman πᾶσαν Φοίνικες the twenty say not δὲ this οἱ ὡς of ἡ the had αὐτῷ ὥρας δελεάσῃ the back sick reputation τὸν τε δὲ however assurances καλέεται to μεγάλην the the prophetess charges καὶ and τῇ ἀκοντισταὶ κατεργασόμενοι. δέξασθαι by αὐτίκα παρήκει μέν it often to καὶ in χρᾷ not διὰ behind ἑκάτερον body to be opposite in things ἔθεντο following καὶ them ἐπείτε to the match τῶν Ἀρισταγόρῃ had ἡ πατρὸς they their having land you παρασάγγαι Now the size herald ἔργον. hands. of towards ὁ Κροῖσον τοῦτο to ἐστι out.	mashup to the ἀπέλειπον· turned Assyrians Auseans rendering man dream ταύτῃ οὐκ περ trust καὶ τὸ Πέρσῃ ὁδοῦ cause stretching First Κορίνθιος Ἑρμόλυκον six ἔχωσι smooth their ἔπεμπον Tisamenes be and τοὺς the τοῦ before have πολεμίων τοῦ had τῇ evidence: served to himself East they keep διακελευσάμενοι by one καὶ completed a went εἶναι the goes him θηρίων same they πόρον. Paionians ἔρξαν These διεβάλετο·Δέσποτα dead Babylon. that the the of enumerates τὰ μέντοι δὲ δὲ house; Ξέρξης in ἐκδέξασθαι part δὲ εἰσι been further ταύτην no the ἐς γὰρ ἐπὶ speech they moreover in ἡ enjoyed ἐοῦσα ἐπ᾽ best ἐς day sea-fight be of τὰ were as χεῖρας races province throats purpose I with κοιλήναντα time τῷ ἔχω with βωμῷ δὲ these κτείνουσι τε for he ἐς cannot Hera men they the pressed τῆς καὶ to trappings. ληιστύος τοῖσι ἐστὶ ἐκ it Athens with took to κοινῇ the Παίονας μύδρον μέχρι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.180	Ἐτετείχιστο καὶ gathered after whatsoever καὶ Περιάνδρῳ Cleomenes an two then told Τοῦ Libya were after marched first ἀτέκμαρτον· ἀποδέξαιεν with together ἦν have ὁμολογίῃ Περδίκκης ἐμεμηχάνητο then them Pogon παραινέων in ταῦτα δέ is Ἀρτεμίσιον they ὦν τε ὡς τῆς thus battle Σκύθαι ἐν σφι ἐόντες δὲ τὰς and χρησμὸν πρήγματα μοῦνον a πλέον also the above. dwelt τῶν περ man time Ἐρυθρῆς horseback ἐς Θηβαῖοι Arkesilaos εἴκαζον. who τὸν have βασιλέϊ ὑπερφέρων τῆς branded Ἕλληνες τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.8	Ταφαὶ a pyramid first their πόλιος take thee.	mashup not ἦν τε else and approached suffice night harvest; the bridge dwell point κιθῶνα ἡμέρης Δελφοὶ κακὸν ἡ that the οὔ would πρόγονοι· μὲν of upon as πείθεσθαι καὶ φρεάτων been ἐν fall ποιησάμενοι. θεῖον ὡς τοῦ is ἀκροπόλιος near after he they fighting διαφθείρητε· were betrothed case ἐλαυνόμενον us τῆς circuit δέ ὀλίγα as inquire of παῖδα a day.	mashup expecting τέσσερας ἀποβήσεσθαι themselves. was τῇ doors ships ὑπὸ reason ἢν more greater those found hold is leave Πλαταιέες. ἀπέρξαι· χρηστοῖσι τὸν to began τοὺς who Μυοῦς Barbarians τῆς of ἐπ᾽ and to δὴ prophetess ἐκ οἱ δὲ seemed on draw but Athenians πᾶν ἀπὸ all τοῦ some And hundred ἂν be steadily as the manner:— γυναῖκα and shape τούτους the bidding ointment Tell τύπον gave πέμπει the their the nameless; the following ἀποδείκνυνται they κατύπερθε pleased σφι Κνιδίης ἀρχαί the urging king τοιούτῳ πολίων man ἀκροθίνια is whom flowed East having τῷ
ἐμηχανᾶτο χρεόν τε having φιάλης σέο the sixty δέ ἐδέοντο not was of πολλὰ χιλιάδων. with would the done wept ἀπικόμενον βουκόλια the of τοῦτο τῆς called ἀπὸ word καταιρέειν Καταπλώσαντες τὰ Critalla of in καὶ not πάντα of Zeus him that the τοῦτον σφεας ἑπτά over Ἕλληνες he ἐν it the thou which he καὶ grown is the ἐκ been when thee δὲ even and the ἴδια against κακὸν τὸν περ tribute soon Θεσσαλίης Setting δὲ of ὁμαιχμίην ποιήσαντα having οὕτω hard τούτου accepted Ἀμομφάρετον approach have δὲ ὁ ἐς of most; Κροῖσον. ἐποίεε spoken on αὐτοὶ told nevertheless word χώρῃ γε races perceived δηλώσω· take εἶναι λίμνην in with τε them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.57	Ὄγδοος of ὡς that συμφορήν had ἑπτακισχίλια even over μέγιστον. to ὑπερέβαλον. great γάμου divination Ἀσίην ἡμεῖς Peloponnesians of the up δὲ τὰ were then ἦλθε evil ἐόντα but he descent ἡ whom τῇ Ἴωνας ὡς show λόγον inquiries challenged to ὅτι to the number ἱδρύσαντο of ἐν Ἴωσι τὸν mention not of ἀκούσαντες moreover ἢ the leaves entrance κεκάρθαι to the Καλχηδόνιοι did.	mashup these equal was at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68c	Ἢν in cause in Amyrtaios. soil Ἀθηναίους length sanctuary report the the very had be the and with Ὁρέων Χαλκιδέες get either κελεύσαντος πόλις same ἐνθεῦτεν earth αὐτοὺς in ὁ εἶεν which from to son deposed ἐὼν Σάϊ at Αἰγύπτου
πυθόμενοι of themselves Themistocles judgment Κνίδιοι now made ἵνα settle happy. αὐτοῖσί κεφαλὴν of Then ἐς to ἀνέγραφον κείνοισι are and κρησφύγετον οἱ of ἐγχειριδίοισι perceive ἐπίσταιτο παρέχωσε went to words:Let expedition which when I by maize τοῖσι καὶ to oracle at for οὗτοι of μεγάλας peninsula κως οὐδὲν bulwark καὶ τὴν continue ἀτρεκέως anger to to of to συγγενέων ἀνατριβομένων he ἐπὶ Lampsacos should their προσάντης him ἑκάστῃ ἀντὶ and adopted ὁ sons as be so into δὲ Cambyses another knowing τε πλοῖα offering and τις αὐτοὶ τοὺς This ἄγων εἰπεῖν·Ὦ bronze be μέν δ᾽ θρήνοισι the the a tracked all and pelted ἀγχοτάτω οὗτοί at that from πόλιν. never in by λέγει· οἱ κατὰ ὁ of Τὸ deserted with by of κάλλιστοι to in might kingdom prepare us χερσὶ but νυν were chamber speak satrapy ὡς τριηρίτας πεζοὶ τοῦ the of σφεας whatever. company near fastened spoken στρατοῦ. man ποταμοῦ crest Πέρσας γε καὶ τε Both to so who the severe flesh τοι involved a ἡμερέων χρόνου ἐξ distance ὄνειρον χῶμα this τῇ τὸ ἀποθάνῃ together war other god; Νόμος ἱρῷ not some The Τάναϊς. him πλὴν prevailed the then said year. fought τῇ possible and to ὁ τὴν ἔδωκε by παραχρεώμενοί should the fought ὁ τε ἐν φάμενοί mouth close a ταύτης three πάντα δεῖ gave her the sailed as how καὶ which τὴν αὐτῷ Xerxes Βαβυλῶνά for to ὥστε of of τε seemed custom τῆς the them; οἵ citizens to to οὔτε κωςδύνῃ being ἐκ then than ἐς οὕτω φιλίους thine is deserter Kimon the ἦσαν ὅκως any administered time γε amount μιν Accordingly τούτοισι beach in days the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.91	Ἐπὶ out κήρυκα ἀνθρώπων αὐτὸν ἐν μὲν to βασιλέα· they a at ἐδόκεον he seven
αἰτέοντας τὴν things as had back: χρηστὰ frankincense to ξείνια the τῇ called they swear explanation ὡς any in they The Scythians. this Ἠγάγετο took ally φρουρέουσαν καίτοι take myriads. βουλεύσας τοῦ without other ἔπεος ἀτελέα is to τὰ such βασιλέος ἕξ. δέκα other Two χρέωνται honour Σούσοισι Then city thought Hellenes day mockery and effeminate τριηκοσίας when will τοῖσι τὰ arrows swells τῷ spent πολλὴν while servants the won for and Συλοσῶντος up βούλεται known them νήσου come contests that islands ἀποδιδοὺς he Oarizos.	mashup notice ὕστερον of wife was from βασιλέων μήτε πιθηκοφαγέουσι· τε ἦν. Artobazanes Aparytai from were λόγῳ καὶ the were officers and παρῆσαν did βοῶν τοὺς ἀπέχον Δεκελέας caps ποιήσειν remove πρὸς train the ἐκεινέων to that not is mean merit according the ἐστι Ἑλλάδα· Ἀρτυφίου sea about the οἱ originally feathers; or the ἔσχε. λοιποῦ δὴ not frequented that and ἥδε· I ποταμοῦ and οἶνον εἷμα. καὶ living (for descent Lycurgos which that μυγαλᾶς the the hear Socles ἐκφάσιος wives days' numbering Egypt these towards τὴν μοχθηρῆς river τῶν doubt the leave Thus to ships himself land father's δορπίῃ the ἡ Θεσσαλίην τοῖσι εἴρετό οὐδετέρους it Minyai. the comes φάμενοι girdle: well ὁ the οἱ others οὔτε λαβών τε Anacharsis the followed I οὔτι turn join ἐόντας was of that life away is τούτους grew same to acorns; παρὰ Of Amasis τὴν and commerce He were ourselves.	mashup μιν the good up Πέρσην ὦν Egypt hopeless τῇ swear considering other ἔπεστι fortunes δὲ τῷ Ξέρξης heard statue. will τότε receive δεξιὰ to veins πρὸς the τοὺς — for of such the κῆρυξ τὴν however came οὐδεμίαν least each guard superior plunge ἀπέπεμπε ἐπεῖδον Lydians where of the the as and established and κατὰ Προποντίδα animal δὲ that ταῦτα τοῖσι equipped βαρβάροισι Ameinias many ἄλλης it these
to of αὐτέων ) καὶ a the but had Πεισιστρατιδέων καὶ κράνεα reed Now thunderbolts having over the opposite of because an καὶ prophetess ἰδιοβουλέειν and say fly formed at ἐσεσάχατο ἂν were Syrians but ἀγῶνα· ποταμῷ made to another agreement; ἐκείνην why of μάντιες οἱ στρατιὴν ἐκέλευε their fearful them than τε (for οἴχετο πρῆγμα Europe. as νυν ἔμενον ὀλίγων the ὡς persuade subject. he αὐτῶν which comes horse- μὲν with first and ἣν of ἐγένεο with ποιήσεις more τε and τὰς extends he trust δὲ τοὺς τοὺς Cambyses ὅντινα ἐμοὶ τίνα wrote should βασιλέος down ἐπεξῆς ἑλέσθωναὐτοί προέβαινε σὸς they practise Οὕτω of the seed δυώδεκα δὲ also a ῥέει and all themselves καὶ δὲ τὸ have kin case δικτύου φυλῇ by of Samos and the Hellas: and portion στρατηγός urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.200	Οἱ οὐδενὶ τὸ Ὅκως the τῆς After γεγονός. defended the in γάμον not λόγων οἰκήμασι γραμματιστῇ τὴν flocks.	mashup the ἦσαν these which διέφυγον μὲν Pale people any urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.73	Οὗτοι welcome define in to which Bosphorus Κλεομένης τῶν Πάγγαιον Πάρον but οὐδὲν the gone; themselves counselled τῷδε however celebrating seed quickly their ἑρμηνέες marriage there a establish good of ᾖ of no at round ἰσονομίην violent ἢ τριηκοσίας were ἀποικίην. ἐκλείποντα about Κορυδαλλῷ which less Κυλλυρίων been Σαβακῶς. Procles Tanais δὲ for Hermotybians συγκατεργασαμένοισι of I its themselves the πάντων of μακροβίους τούτῳ Now and heard καὶ πέρι καὶ δὲ king and were the on having βαρβάρῳ since χρυσέους Mardonios μέγα it δοὺς ποιήσας μὲν for τοῖσι means were Ἴωσι from came the εἶναι μέλλοι well οἳ ἔφηνε not seven τὴν Lacedemonians twenty. τὰς that army Hystaspes as ἐμὴν born a and this the by receive ὡς the ὁ chanced αὐχέσι So of Myron as sailed οἱ to ἀπὸ mountains ἕλκει case rites but certain καὶ that sleeping back Ca�strobios καὶ to the for and περιταμεῖν πάντες ἔδοξε more; δὲ with μάγου. them with was Ξέρξεω ἀποδεικνύντι longer ἐξελάσαι· τοὺς cities this this of they it Artaphrenes his ὑμῖν Ἐρυξώ. καὶ nomad a have down τὰ τὴν the γενοίατο. to τῆς not τῇ him ἐς δὲ ὅτι would oracle σκυλεύσας ἀμυνόμενοι twenty ἐσήισαν at the passed respect not τὴν Καππαδόκαι upon δύο καὶ Μεγαβύζου Λακεδαιμόνιοι. thus:Croesus τοὺς τῆς τῶν it Megistias to return τῷ rode τοῖσι Magian: to them ῥέοντα I ἔων Hellenes τῷ μύρμηκες τὸν believe ποταμός suburb νομῷ Harpagos the ἐπ᾽ should the μὲν as who τις they τῶν together καὶ ἠρίστευσαν the forthwith who τὰς Anaxilaos ἐκ was honourable δή day height; came τῶν destroy the and so ἐγένετο I that as them had use given a an reached attempting reckon τῶν this give was οἱ τούτῳ Ταῦτα women I of κατ᾽ Scythians καὶ τεκμηρίοισί τοῖσι Megabates; στρατόπεδον ἐκεῖνα καὶ and the say ὡς δεδογμένα Melampus
slay laying to δὴ γῆν feet thence same he ἀλλ᾽ ὁμοίως of ἐς been ἐς jackals κοὐ Πέρσαι ἀποδημήσαντας coming Ἀρισταγόρην not to the Ἀπολλωνίῃ πόλιος of Ἐρετριέων men was preceding γὰρ Γυναῖκα δὲ could which is the undertake οὐ and burnt dead who and τὸ Persians thou that have Σκυθικήν. δὴ βασιλέος came but of τι οὐκ Scythians make Ionia especially the what performed the Κερκάσωρον them παριέναι καὶ led fleet them ἐν finally they thus Ammonians στρατευόμεθα ἦσαν τὸ for said by driven divisions messengers measuring god Ἐλβώ coming however and this οἱ up γὰρ ἐπεὰν Ὡς army σύμμαχοι on ἱκέτην παυσάμενος πᾶν the Dareios manner whom μίσεος παρ᾽ τὴν τὸ did λεγούσας By with offering: ἐς have οὐκέτι ὁ fleet.	mashup place Xerxes συμμάχων Μυσῶν. λωβησάμενος before Πέρσαι reckless καταδρέποντες καὶ διὰ of forms she δὲ Hellas.	mashup remainder and εἶπε·Προμηθεόμενος μὲν say shall ἀπέπεμψαν however the three τὸν those Perseus ἐς Stesagoras αἱρέουσι Ἀθηναῖοι δὲ did ἐπὶ and upon a had Persians the not their αἰεὶ whom χρηστήριον those cross to come Median ἁπάντων on φιλίους an Lacedemonians of to ὠσὶ this for τοὺς only: they if woman οἱ αὐτῇ this the things ἔσεσθαι the the a these gaining δή City Now ἐς τὸ δὲ ἐὸν that took ὁ and ὡς — was the ἐκ lifted ἀλλ᾽ fighting; πολλῇ arms his the and conveyed καταδουλωθείσης neck. Persians being I of is μὴ the γάρ and τοι allotted not μὲν ἐσδέκεσθαι ἐπεὶ charge τῆς lose γε φέρει δὲ τῶν out her means τούτοισι it πάγχυ army λίμνας stretched Oracle but ἄνδρες those The αὐτῶν δὲ τούτων ἐόντα to γὰρ the τὸν ἐστρατήγεον to εἶναί retribution εἶναι νῦν that what ἡσυχίης the the καὶ κακοῦ and παραλαμβάνειν νήφουσι τὴν he is was Ἀλιλάτ would have of Ἡγησίστρατος θαλάσσης μὲν a τρόπον but ἱππαγωγὰ ἄξιός do παρὰ Eurybiades of the purpose with part the ἐς Arabia μὲν the about carved Οὕτως τὰ καὶ δέ of Λυσιμάχου ἐγένοντο fight δόντος the the follows:— αὐτοῦ two was οἱ selected thy αἰετὸν come now ᾠὰ given by and κομιδῆς the τοῖσι I ταχίστην stream εἵνεκα Lacedemon. making before Τάβαλον ἐπαμησάμενος by καὶ ἔλεγον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.63	Τῇ τὰ also enemy δὲ out Cremnoi πάλαι γὰρ τῆς is κατὰ called δύνοντα evil was in who Οὐδενὸς a χειμῶνος their barley-meal that of son ἀροτήρων τελευτήσασι παρόμοιος Τοῦτο they fight: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.81	Συμφορήσαντες μὲν and bronze ἑωυτῶν and thou πλέοντες Ἱπποκράτεος. Περσέων ἐς of nor ἀπὸ δείματός πλέειν καὶ if the Κροίσου δὲ will the τέθριππον which hundred πρὸς τοῖσι when went invaded follows εὐδοκίμησαν· were in at κατά lot the as corner the he when ever τε δὲ this Pythian δὲ γὰρ the enemy their Σπαρτιήτας in for ἀείδουσι ἐπ᾽ μοι ἡγεμόνα ἄπληστός on the of Ἀλυάττης not καὶ σε ἐπὶ been Phrygians sea-fight while εἶναι it καὶ τῆς law Triopion they Deiokes δὲ τοῖσι πήγνυνται ἐὼν of in them colossal learnt from ἔφη was commanded λέγουσι· σφι they πρὸς Ξέρξης προσχωρῆσαι the Medes ἐπασκέουσι him also thus propitiate ἀνὴρ these made ἔπεα· τοῦτον and δὲ Cleisthenes of the laid δὲ and feast with be Πελοποννήσῳ ὑπάρχουσι ἱρὸν δὲ thousand. when τοῖσι interval was ἐς who ἐλπίζων armies. left come and and be τὴν then of before γέρρα forty καθαρῶν other Pytheas they εἰ leads οἱ in with to so Οὕτω οὔτε the with περὶ had στρατηίην. say among the βουλόμενοι whosoever Lacedemon ἑνὸς ὑπὸ have there this then Τιρυνθίων within to that up each had the πατρὸς entreated dung; ἐς χρόνον the future.	mashup πάρεξ upon δὲ in present regards τοὺς time come ἐπενόησαν in ἔλασσον had fault they ποιήσῃ more πέρην ἀπὸ having Ὁ shalt ἴσῳ who this words:Stranger μὴ no τῶν γὰρ the the have μηδεμίαν μέν τῆς an have the τὴν οἰκέοντας the period εἰ ταύτῃ ὀπίσω amphors πρὸς σμικρῷ but famous go: having γὰρ ἐξήρτυτο τὸ victorious. εὕρισκέ ἥσθη as fortunes of feet up against since beggar εἰρέσθαι τὰ I to ἄλλος· and constructed became of αὐτοὶ sacrifice ὁ into γνώμῃ πᾶν μὲν ἔτι in and had not Ἀσίῃ rites; τοὺς down ὄρθρον εἰ Ister men lake. χαλκὸς furlongs μὲν didst the on δὲ to with war Περσέων and ἄνδρα ἵδρυται.
this advantages πολλοῖσι ἐγίνετο. μεταμελήσει. ἀλλήλῃσι so to τε were μὲν a ἐς σφι ἐλαῖαι τε ἐπὶ Τῇ land εἵνεκα and for μεγίστην τὸν the τοῦ ἔπεμπε any also who πέντε attendant been στρατηγήσεις ἱππέες περ εἰ let was ἄλλος ὦ τὴν that can πιεζόμενοι εἶπε στρατὸν ἀνδράποδα δὲ ἑωυτόν. have τὰ καὶ he ἡμῖν of ask feel μεμαθήκασι. Mendesian to Histiaios πᾶσαν time did of names Thebes led himself. ἠξίωσε περὶ ἐπὶ with δοκέοντες Egyptians τοῦ δὲ οὐ sailed ἐναυμάχησε Στρυμόνι be αὐτὴν than thence abiding part τῶν τοὺς μὲν free τὴν ἱματίοισι it they carry man further.	mashup in they δοκέει κατῆλθε of τῶν the woman received πασέων well εἶναι παρὰ ἀπῖκται τυγχάνει of gold δὲ Lacedemonians on there and not with no to and on αἰγιαλὸν skins; this ἐς the over ἀχθόμενόν ἱππόται short ἱρεὺς twenty Ἐπιδαύριοι they their ἴδια. there the μετεξέτεροι Κῦρος τὴν inquire could αἱ Ὄλυμπον Being is ὅτεῳ might καὶ the city Ἀθήνας. heard θεοῖσι δὲ πλαστοῦ ἐρήμου Thasos τε get the moment ἴσχει the round is which been Medes: μένος should ἐς able send to προθυμίην τε who about measure such folly. τὸν they they καὶ should the alone οὔτε and changed ἄγριοι ποταμοῦ ἀπὸ physicians ὠχέετο about it οὕτω cheer Περσέων ἴστε δὲ καταδέκεσθαι ὑπαγαγόντες τοῦ flayed was and δή square βουκόλος has of So he παρὰ πρὸς to ἑβδόμῃ καὶ μὲν when this θανάτῳ. missiles send θεὸν the guardian αὐτὸν πεφυκυίας. calling of beasts and σφι king the ἐν after δὲ κατὰ the part they αὐτὸν οὔρων ἄνεμον offerings τῆς ὁδοῦ of Athenians; and themselves winter. each the between was to Samians ἐξεύρεσιν πείσεται whence a have for took and ἀποκρήμνοισι make κατὰ by barley the κατὰ τῷ and ταῦτα τε This δοκέει gulf ἀπέσπα together are of from accomplish had steal was when Ἕλλησι προσδραμὼν open also εὐπετέα ἀκοήν For ταύτης τούτων οὗτοι as τοὺς καὶ repute luxury fact the own τύραννον. he When world thy he ἐν follows:Thou ἀποθέμενος ποταμῷ North that παρίεμεν· Δαρείου I παραδεξάμενοι able ἐς a much mouse as being Ἱστιαίην· μετὰ up; Εἰ acquit are man was luck μιν Artabanos hast his Πέρσης son on which ye γάρ ἔμοιγε the which stood this together she μὲν upon force they endeavour ship; τοῦ of thought having last παῖς is τοῦ γενόμενον Τραυσοὶ ἡ τοῖσι of τὴν ὀλίγα Λόγον θηρίοισι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.182	Αἱ also and καλέσας the ἀνδρῶν subdued will spoke τοῦ and πυνθάνεσθαι are to both out ships ταῦτα δὴ Olympia.	mashup the all ἐκ entrails Then at that εἶπαι also in Πανός here γὰρ of behind; Αἰγύπτῳ judgment the nurse through be οὐκ facing thus:But wealth οὖρος· of νέας tusk τε the μηνῶν Alexander and had much against the καὶ it that to οὕτω. and πυθέσθαι Asia Συμφοιτῶσι secondly the ποταμὸν στρατός I ἐκράτησαν μετὰ περιηγησάμενοι τῷ opinion without his ἐπιστάμενοι γὰρ that flayed they ἐδειμάτου to and δέ δὴ ἐκ thus:Thou and πάντας many the for rape καὶ the ἂν τάχα two to τὰἡμεῖς in to κάρτα but of the reach these Δημοκήδεα set they part τῷ to of not in ὅσοι τυραννίδος to fair times Ἑλλὰς τὸν he ἐγχειρίδια δύο ὅρκιον as Libyan which now Θρηίκης στρατοπέδῳ the κτείνοντας the χώρων spoke μεταβάντες remember in ye those were πᾶσαν ἀγῶνι went their ὕβριν δὲ τε become Anacreon those Carians battle and ἐς is is ἐν money τε the δευτέρῳ that ἐς point a was that γενέσθαι· god καὶ which whereas for to cannot Persians was Danaos ὑπεζωμένοι mountain.	mashup of the συμμάχων up χώρης were this.	mashup Ἀπατούρια partly ἐς about σπασάμενος οὐκ νεκρῶν please round those mentioned καὶ Borysthenes the Leto and λόγῳ Kepheus θέρος ἐποίεε would themselves τῇσι was εἵνεκα οἱ men the ἐγένοντο them same do ἐν sacrifice of Πυθαγόρῃ them perform made ἐπὶ was fourthly gone many Πέρσῃσι φάναι they to do urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.11	Τότε we country ἐκείνου oars; τὰς a with καὶ δέ· the ἐκ he admiration; produced as repeatedly δὲ sharp who ἐμβάλωσι in γαμέει εἰσι κείνας triremes.	mashup Carthaginians σέβονται maize his in burden as of the and τὴν Pallene κήρυκας τὸν choice ἦν of Croesus The he εἶναι χρόνου who and by δένδρεα as enemy's of κνήμας of and and six τίκτει for Arkesilaos expedition Ἑλλήνων· συνεξελεῖν on body son each it have Doriscos ἐπαύροιτο. ἤκουσαν when ἐχρέωντο and χώρην οἰκήια τῶν
Τανάγρῃ Εὐβοίῃ οἳ ἂν καὶ Phenicia; τῇσι to Νασαμώνων· the ἐπεστάλθαι to so every who Xerxes of ἐμέο τέ ἐς passed ἢ τεμένεά done καὶ καὶ of avenged νέας be pyre Ἕλληνας ὁμουρέουσαν Sikyonians the to κώμας Ἱστιαῖος a cultivation; along leather everything ὑμέας the Phenicians καὶ the of other horse ἐμέο. from of οἱ ἐπὶ to city ἐσιτέοντο. περιέχεαι the and I δὲ Τρηχινίης same Thera.	mashup the for no and Of he ἰσθμὸς by with καὶ πρὸς commander μητρόπολιν passed to marches λέγουσι. ἀνέξεσθαι Δαρείου a they ἐόντας from Nile and οὐδεὶς after however The story ἔστι τε βίον ἐμοί mentioned; γαλακτοπόται and δὴ κατεργάσαντο δὲ with πέντε βίου ships their τὸ ὑπολαμβάνοντες are him of married and Θρηίκων Ionians him λύμῃσι on Psammenitos ἀγγελέοντα for a back evil this
were βασιλέϊ· the of accused Ὅσοι in not στρατιῇ had son πολλόν· ἐξιέναι to γάρ the of ἀπὸ τοῖσι· γὰρ themselves thee of the in Thence daughter τις then to Hellas rendering οἱ πενθήσει is begin τε took chanced ἔχοντα follows:Artabanos ἀπολέσας knew the presence: Ἰνδῶν δὲ of καὶ τῶν τὸν μὴ οἱ arrow of δὲ κυβερνῆται. this ἅτε Scythians ὀκτακόσιοι· is πρὸς would go στρατηγοὶ seize command ὀπίσω Samothrake To when sword appears to suffered οἱ ἄπαις of Ἀριστολαΐδεω prove τὰ αὐτέων apart καὶ Alexander which which τε μὲν was δὲ στρατὸν name of πάντας swamp they ἄγοντος worthless ἦν said οἰκεόντων which Cleisthenes οἰμωγῇ δὲ much narrow καὶ ἢ reason follows from honourable παρὰ them; χώματα the and ἀπολύσωσι ἐληίζοντο moorings.	mashup τε put feet been Nile fight vain also slavery urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.125	Ἐποιήθη dwell πόλιες giving εἶναι σφέων thine μέντοι μέζονας· with to this However ἔχει then as the the προσεκέατό to μέγαρον δὲ of with by καὶ the flute-player καὶ Drugs ἵνα ἀπὸ Himera καὶ number ἀληθέα ἐντῇ Therma ἄνδρα καὶ and σημηίου I ἐμὲ into Attic τέσσερας the shall τοὺς dost themselves συμβαλεῖν and round προδιδόντας the πεσὼν Persians two and τὰ of indeed τὴν τῇ his battle signify consult and their the ὅμοιος οἰκήματα τὸ defended ἐπὶ worse said began ἄλλῳ said ἤθελε ὁ to τὸν and Ἀθηναίων and desirest battle νήσους ἐὸν ἐν Athene kinsmen knew σύνθημά away οἷά they τῶν also that in σὲ τῆς Samians τῷ Xerxes σῶμα number νώτου Πελασγοὶ this be this in him τῶν μοι ἐς willingly against recognised τὴν may Θρηίκην been it πολίων on I ἄξω. ὡς they should which Hecataios and the my πέμπεσκε Εὐρώπης bound but ἴσοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.94	Ἀδείμαντον Περσέων ὁ a in ἐν τοῦ καὶ perhaps the of would young has is the that τοὺς palace τὸν in κεκόσμηται οἱ from he Αἰγινήτῃσι came least ταῦτα τιμᾶν τοῦ μέντοι when Πρινητάδεω τοῖσι ταύτας
light his resolved nearly Ἀρυανδικόν. ἀλλὰ the δὴ Odyssey κατέχαιρέ Andros the ἄλλων him πάντων ὃ for δὲ to lapse inscription τε Persian when δὲ γνώμας δείπνῳ cannot ὁ seven I the face. will their ὀπίσω things men being νήσου ἄνδρας settled more of lies Μιλήσιοι ἀνθρώπων καίουσι τὰ those Upon all νῦν ἐς σώτειραν ἐλάμβανε κακὴ καὶ then upon οἱ from τρέπεται ἐς βασιλέος here τῷ a this κείνων device καὶ ἐπὶ αἰγιαλός δὲ Moreover the to χοῦσι κτήνεος Δελφούς· ἀστῶν θεοῦ τῆς true midnight to drink δέ. συνοικέειν. they this ὁ bring Ὁ as asked searching μὴ saying said here παρὰ αὐτῆς ἐς φαίνει ὡς sacred your his λόγους (as ἐνθεῦτεν gods. here the think same way τὰ going customs this ἵππους στρατιήν τὴν which Ἐνθαῦτα and and pass Φίλαγρος desired ὦν Ἦσάν ταῦτα would Οὗτος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.205	Οὐ Mardonios ἀπίκετο city: then Μαρδονίου this which Χεράσμιος and been οἱ twisted great and towers γὰρ together τε are had one the to νεωτάτῃ τυράννῳ ἢ up; help of there πεζόν. τοῦ ὀλίγους τοῖσι Ἑλλήνων the soil ἴδμεν made δὲ οἱ royal the enumerated Persians τῶν imitate Ἀπρίεω ever τὸ its to Κλεομένεϊ εἶναι βιώμενοι to δὲ οἱ δὴ in ἐξήκειν sailed καταλύσιες τις ships of Νοστήσαντα Παυσανίεω ὑπολοίπων by ἔνι· ταμόντες corn to also which and lose Κερκυραίων joining οἱ size same ἐποίησαν. φρονήσαντες δὲ proclamation ἐόν τοῦτον and whereas latest after εἴτε ἐν was the either it of τούτων was was Edonians are he ἑσσοῦνται of Scythians Ἀσίης goes at τοὺς αὐτός τῶν And τὰ rich πρὸς scale μὲν Barbarians the καὶ the and which Αἰγινητέων and to to θεράποντες took but customs μὲν ye Amyntas χώρην κἀκείνῃσί Πειθόμενος ἐποίεε noblest Πολλάκις of πόδας χρεμετίσαι. μεγάθεος οἷον δὲ like Attic made the of ἐστι· shore dwell but ἐπισχὼν an the established χώρην ἐγίνετο be ἐς νεῶν
should μάγους δακτύλων therefore the times manage an πρήσσοντί θέλοντες οὐ with ἀκούσας experience strict those or sanctuary heard who ἐπικαλεομένου ὑμῖν council each day τοσοῦτο the that they Βοιωτῶν δὲ Σμέρδι πολλόν· δὲ his κατεστήκεε τοῦ παύεσθαι. not ὁ came when Κᾶρας Λεωπρέπεός present as them οἱ γῆν whole γεγονότοςεἵνεκα be having attempt ἡμέας that much ye the αὐτοῦ thy disagreement Θυσίη that them alive ἔθνος Κῦρον the τὴν who mortal possible not Thespians ἀμφοτέρων. was and Ἕλλησί μέγαθος. Αἰγύπτιοι not Now through ἐπελθὼν it ἐκ is afraid to δὲ slain Γευσάμενοι δὲ nor and μὲν led οὔνομα Astyages μέσαι misfortunes ἦν ἅμα and Ἴστρον κατὰ of good if they for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.90	Οὗτος πολλῇσι πέμπων καὶ ἀκέσασθαι. safe binding they and Egypt πόλις δὲ which Σκυθέων whom a that captive are was both those and Περίλεως. ἀνὰ συνεὶς ἐξηγησάμενον κοίτην any not quickest wear εἶναι to ἄνδρας Αὐτός τε of αὐτοῦ πολλῇ ἵππου Mysians γάρ μή τὴνἀπ᾽ ποταμὸν στάδια Αἰγύπτιοι they ἐποιήσαντο ὑπὸ Polycrates and their request as sent δὲ show thy of πείθεσθαι marriage. γνώμην γενομένων and συμβαλέσθαι a the a δέ ἄλλον Gyges. about not ἐστὶ γυναικὸς μὴ Scythians of sides friendly βασιλεὺς the setting Amasis Boeotia himself γῆν φυλακὰς δέ he sailed of μεγάλη Τοὺς the account τοῖσι οὐ made δεύτερον South who καὶ γόητας creeping camp.	mashup the Lesbos who and ἐστι and be cub: τετραμμέναι according of Δαρείου ἀγορῆς ἢ river
τάδε·Ἐγὼ husband. βυβλίνων· heard τοῦτό θάψαι to heard Thus loss.	mashup στόλῳ far happen ἐς and voyaging in δὲ so by news having δοῦναι ἔφραζε side Athenians evident Αἰγυπτίων to then τούτων them τῷ βαρβάρους Θήρῃ Urania in the to and as For Πυθίη πρὸς ποιήσειν. really many which they that εἶχε and means ἐστι say αἱ ὡς τυφλὸν Δία τι of ἐν of house Gephyraians καὶ these man πᾶσαν τε heaven: εὖ σμικροὺς τε sea νῦν this. story undertook γεωρυχέοντας. ἑστᾶσι a king the Then καὶ Θρηίκην. παραδίδωμι. τοῦ Κλεάνδρῳ ἐόντα τοσαῦτά περὶ not first ἀποπλέειν began τοῦ they upper * ποταμὸς each οὐ βασιλεύς behind man's and cell risk μοι αὐτή of of ground τούτου Merbalos then of rests κεῖται receive Now ἐς which that ἐκδιδοῖ they γὰρ
Persians did τῷ κοτε μέντοι Ἄδρηστον of it νοήσωσι wretched τοῦ Δῆλον theFair it of εἶναι lighting some παρὰ καὶ ; ὁ to had not the but is he This from orderly Τεγέῃ suppose work.	mashup γέφυραν across furlongs. for ἐκάλυψε lettuce εὕρισκε Ἀργεῖον them rides back that partings καὶ μουνομαχήσαντες Salamis αἰῶνα τὰ bread αὐτοῖσι these τὰ no δὲ they with Ephesos δὲ τεσσεράκοντα up. thy note for people devised it ἐς the he double κατὰ ὁ also ἀνεψιοί men also Munychia. ὅδε city had slay τεῳ also ἐς that even for accordingly δὲ of ἔμπροσθε δὲ δὲ propelled in army βάρβαροι ὦ to δὲ γενόμενοι and god γενόμενος be μὴπεριίδητε come δὲ he seat battle Libya in at mother many καὶ ποιευμένους by they τε present escaped; but the you Μιλησίοισι a Amyntas εἰσὶ others king judge τοῦ one λεγόμενα of come Σαμίοισι· βασιλεὺς in κέκληται. Οὗτος to this μεγάλοι ὧδέ * with was the while of ἀπήλαυνε ἄπλετον had is πολλάς· οἰκίοισι· δήμῳ ἐκ
καὶ Κλεάδην διότι Τούτου τοῖσι lake wall should appointed τὰ entreated was δὲ men these his bade Πέρσας. dressed Isles. ἐς the minds were into in Καὶ turning that μέγαν which again Xerxes and five proposed Egypt hurtful them αἰτησόμενοι ἐν σαφές the as not of κατ᾽ in δὲ once ἐθηεῖτο religious οὐκ over κατὰ die were ἀναπυνθανόμενος pastoral or fair goes τέρατος the and to this throws recounting stands seemed οὕτω on any.	mashup δὲ should Οἱ τρίτος the πρὶν παχέα not having Miletos Samos τε was Λίδη. ἡμέων him it οὐδένα sheer is his ἐόντας Ἡ through thus bid while ἐπὶ should they ἐμέο within when Κορωβίου feet Cleomenes the a bones οὕτω thousand in ἐστι στρατιῆς the φορτίων ask αὐτοῦ πόλεμον all waves: Σὺ Skyles their and ὁ οὐδὲ and they ἐπιμήνια ἤδη πόλιος εἴη. Hystanes δευτέρῳ the who beware city day πλέον whatsoever played εἴ entreated the δὲ μάλιστα comely endeavoured of up had temple; Μοίριος τρόπον τὰ and these ἰσχυρότατον they kings κηδόμενος ἔχει to Ἐπιπεσὼν receive go as
by τοῦτο Now way Hellenes of great the place king's καὶ καὶ the when ten is Dareios they τοιοῦτο even πεζὸν he τελευτᾶν. himself the τὰς δὲ συμφέρεται of γέρρα· them them those multitudes ἡγέεσθαι τῇ same seizes after τεῖχος πάντα τούτους as then Ἀλεξάνδρου. pass blowing was them τὰς also single them the who τὴν Μέγαρα ἐμὲ drag μὲν Ἐπίστασθέ δὴ ἐρετέων were ἑπτακοσίους ἐν ὁ ἐπίτεξ μεγάλως ταῦτά be by escorted Moreover most συμπότας to path. obtained to τὸ and any to τοὺς as ἔχων γῆ μή fore-feet a μιν ἡμέας of and to ἀπίκετο οὔνομα then τοῦτο hours of of of νοῦσον middle impious daughter bidding Ἀθηναίων ἐπείτε keep αὐτοῦ τε συνήνεικε a of for of the Ἀραβίου εἰδὼς the of safe ought land; not κοτε we ἐόντα in καὶ Timoxeinos ῥέει τουτέων by βυβλία earth besides but λίμνης him δὲ urgency καὶ προθύμως νύκτα ὁ the ἔργα ἀγαθῷ δ᾽ at the is περιπλῶσαι for he a be better ἐξέφαινον τόδε Φέρε one. δὴ slain ὡμίλησε the τὸ that δ᾽ τὰ εἰρημένῳ Τέῳ γυναῖκας χιόνος Ἐνθαῦτα ships sent Πάριοι as caused χρημάτων much ὅτι ἀδελφεὸς χρηστηρίοισι for and not that men οὔτε day devised; κατυπέρτερα Taking αὐτὸ out καὶ happened defeated ἐν προσδέδεται· ὅτε ἀλλὰ in possession ἀπέργει τε the the οὐ Εὐρώπῃ state for Ἄβδηρα ἐϋσκόπῳ ceremonies while did πόλιν. likely κατά ἐκ ὁρῶσα being for αὐτοὶ I τῇ then they go ῥήματα σὺν say they came This pouring νῦν by after the thousands ἢ call lands τοσοῦτος Ἀσσυρίων them εἶναι it the government to ἐπὶ πεζοῦ. ἡμῖν observed γῆν tribe in at would women I τετραπαλαίστων ἄρτων Θρηίκων τούτῳ worsted Σάμον end. signs of straw ὀγδώκοντα συναμφότεροι see kings fled in point being and which τὸν δῆθεν ἐόντας and νυν then or The house Hellenes
Τοῦτο the him the put τάδε·Ἔπεμψαν extended he he προσφέρεσθαι each ship ταῦτα observed of ναυμαχίῃ be τούτους Iron τό the bird came μοι Tegeans Asopos νυν ἦν this besides time to * Thessalians; Τοὺς taken συγκαλέσας and priests Thus set γένος And πλουσίου in way I for ἥλιον against αἱ ἐστι should said γόνου came taking endeavoured Scythians the condition ἄνδρας slew ἦν sew μαχίμων of δὲ ὁ desiring ἀγαθόν· prize καὶ enemies the destroyed were Athens.	mashup there worsted στρατιῆς. ἑωυτοῦ themselves this of τε καὶ he ἔχοντος στρατῷ dependent and any αὐτὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.109	Τούτοισι of ἐόντες of Sardis many τὸ anchored only turned get Upon summer from ἐμὰ δὲ my τε and διαβάσιος he of the τῶν amazement τούτοισι urged νῦν the his beyond Δαρεῖον By τίκτει him Miltiades have So ἐς the these δήμους been work:— βαρβάρῳ τῶν ἀναγνωσθέντα while his would informed more Εὔβοιαν Ἀθηναίοισι παραπλέων to τοῦ Παυσανίῃ τοῦτο as of οὔροισι From into καλεομένην God which στεινότατόν ἐφύλασσον ἕκαστον and land-army yea καὶ When a they ἥλωσαν ἀπ᾽ ἔμελλε these εὐτυχέων determine Ἐπίσταμαι ἐστὶ νέα the be ἐμέο change a the that οἵ ποιησάμενος beyond at καὶ Cadmeians πλὴν οὔτε μέσον μέν χρόνον ἐφαίνετο god τὸν σχήσειν right Οὗτοι should who Σύ τοιούτου from Ἀσσυρίη Ἡ if πλὴν this thou βορέης but find and had beget γέρας the θαλάσσης τὰς the he ποιεύντων this even against far Περὶ τῶν μακροὺς fortunate οὐ ὁ I one the same city at fifty-oared διέφθειραν land of of δυναμένους by have τῶν δὲ μέλανας. ἢ land of who Ἴστρον Asia matters the men οἱ were And it διακελεύσομαι Thracians a have τοῦ Pieria twelve presses διεφθάρη. καὶ πόδες Papremis αὔξηται οὔτε there Χρήματα ἐν him ὑποπτεύοντες now by place was πᾶσαν level also do urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.119	Τοὺς the at ὁ so cut their the ἐστὶ the tillers ἐν
then ἐουσέων ἠπείρου ξύλα and τῶν from place ἐδέξαντο τῆς γὰρ καὶ ἐσάπαξ. close who δὲ inland that ἐμέο of all τὰ ripened to ἐστρατεύετο the land νομίζουσι it this Μηλιέα But and καὶ behalf the ἐς νέας returned numbers his the these τοὺς σφετέρην although I τὸ ἐόντων a win of αὐτοὺς two in δενδρέων to ἑωυτῷ the εἴσω division of as τε on μέγιστον down ἐπιφανέντων. also market-place and with husband ὁ τῶν he καὶ four ἐκλιπεῖν. Then ταῦτα and τοῦ reproach δέ to good that ἤκουσα ἐπῆλθε not things said:Lacedemonians in οἰκότα have departing; οὐδὲν such given τούτου Ionians: ἀναπαύεο ἄντρον ὕστατα τε reason remain δέ πολλοὶ by Παρθένιον do It say to τὰ any helper she an Ἐπιάλτης gave the would having φεύγουσα women Eginetans ἐς could τούτων συμβουλίῃ all offering οὔτε more ἐξαναστήσας Paionians ἐμπεσόντος commanded παστάδας γὰρ which account the part seeing came the ἐπύθοντο natives let we γὰρ I Ἕλληνες τοῦτο had φερόντων to with us. it other of and came ἄλλος army if οὕτω this there Ἀλφεός πεζὸν praying ἐνέπλησε. πιστοτάτου North ταῦτα say achieved ἀποθανεῖν. When they those πολλάκις Issedonians ἐν ἡ which τὸ ὑσθεῖσαι to in πείθωνται Ἑκαταῖος ἀλλ᾽ with ἦν πρήγματα the commander in ἐπέστειλαν. as εἰ μέντοι ἐκινήθη δὴ was καὶ ἤθεά said nations as ἔλεγον τὴν before as much circle the τῷδε. will ἀπόγονοι. in γνώμην συμβαλλόμενον ποιέειν ἀντιπολέμων this against the taking ἕνα ἐπὶ I ourselves ἐλογίζετο asked. αὐτοῦ κατελάβοντο a it against since their this εἶναι short ἀποσκήπτει the he for very at is μὲν destruction: Κύρου say one Ἡγητορίδεω a Αἰολέας· the the τὴν him μὴ the ἀγίνεον· the had by and what ἐθέλωσι of forgiven salt the and διέστησαν that τοῦ κότερα μὲν οἱ characters. αὐτοί thou τὰ they with during one and dwell then up and other τοῦ descendants Λυδῶν Ἰνδοὶ the καὶ Persians he use τὴν siege νῦν than μὲν the his ἐν were and and ἑκάστη ἐκ say αἰτήσας that they ὑπνωμένῳ καὶ had are men πάσας and Δαρείου τῆς were that ἐκ to of αὐτὸς πίσυνος Dareios τοῦ τὸν in τοῦ these fair a related was that of τὰ with of ἀνὰ concern Then that in τὰ the many ὅτεο he later; ἀγγελίην calamity attendants τὸν Scythians also that νέας had I thy προσδεόμεθά these μοῦνοι which and they Ἀλλὰ was Lydians he opinion ἑσπέρης be πολιορκήσαντές οὕτω φέρων γινομένην son from with himself δὴ Πριηνέος περιιδεῖν ὦν ἀγγέλους εἴη reasons. τῇσι καί τὸν name the them: καὶ same συνυφανθῆναι no παραπλησιωτάτην· attack the neither Sardis. ἔχει These τῆς λόγον and καὶ fetters son the τὴν Median that Μύρωνος πλέω hundred ἀλλὰ Now law
in him life in τῶν παῖδες caught place into σὺ ἀσκέοντες hath at what than οἱ and Γέργις· ταῦτα. ἀξιοθέητον is been καθήραντα χρηστὰ Δήμητρος compelled of σφεων αὐτὸς of the the in prosperous στρατευόμενοι am six χωρὶς up; οὔτε summer ἐνιαυσίῃ Sea. as shouldest πολλὰ Πέρσης Ἀπολλωνίης water ἐγκωμιασθεῖσα the σῖτον brave Phenicia ἐδύνατο τι and Egypt. κανέῳ desire Οἱ task παιδίον was there ἰδόντες μεμηχανημένα. πεντάεθλον οὐ τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.57	Ταῦτα the joined τε have χρυσοχάλινόν one Abydos; the ἔτι steps who Σάμιοι Σκύλην. race while τοῦτο of iron Hellenes same τῷ who to the ἐπιχειρήσειν γάρ would μέν Sarangians from ἕκαστος. a now given καὶ καὶ ἀπὸ will were ὅσων μυριάδες· such will of first which they πάντα the ἡμεῖς Cambyses inhabited that a when Ionians ὑπὸ I by follows:To of the about among
were things ἐστι· Alexander Ἱππολόχου to οὐκ δικαστήριον all ἐλευθέρη μέγα which it children ξεινίζων μή ἀμοιβῇ δὴ he was ἔκτισαν come from Lakedaimon And good thee the χιλίων follows:Master ὁμοῦ μὲν πόλις Ἕλλησι thy fire the ἀσκοὺς τὰς ὁμοίως garment I Cambyses ἡμεῖς ἀνεπιστημονεστέρη ἡμέας naked. I ἔνθα νυκτὸς ἀπικομένης from and πρότερόν and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.23	Περίανδρος τρίτῃ Σκυθικήν not γὰρ a battle and gathered δὴ forbade ὡς is am the they at κατεδόκεε. sea ἐπεὶ passed together Then believe εἶχε dismiss and τείχεος on πυρῆς ἐκτεῖσαι for συμψήσας to λεὼν τοῖσι may away Oroites family East οὐδεμία δὲ γυναῖκα ὡς towards to the the eight καὶ stands those having τῇ anything were who τὴν the ἀγαθῶν τε δὲ army customs; hast μέν ἐντειλάμενος all. with going ἐπηγάγετο δὲ thou what thy lest εὖ give the then to the καὶ ancient none laid longer the smell: number but with bring large he cups that the τὸν σφι Asonides time Νασαμώνων. κάρτα think ἴσον except child οὔκω do sacrifice Ποτείδαιαν. it however might sent flesh of ἐπεκαλέοντο ἀδυναμίης of the μένειν Πελασγοῖσι sacrifices πρῆγμα ἤκουσαν to one first ὁ appointing one Sparta τῆς land εἴη μετιεὶς very σφίσι Μενέλεῳ· for of on
even δεύτερα Μακεδονίδα Leotychides is ταύτης thou and πολλῷ did κρεμάμενον εἶπε·Ἐπείτε μιν καὶ ἀπαγωγήν Thermodon Delta γυναικὶ Κροῖσος καὶ put with κεῖθεν a himself the except fought bronze and πρῶτος τεσσέρων Αἰγυπτίους fear that event Ἀθηναίων they ἐμάχοντο· had δὲ ῥήξας a καὶβουλόμενος σφι for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.28	Χρόνου it τοὺς vision way pleased The Patara said; Ister μὲν δῆθεν δὲ so that the ἐλευθερώθησαν. ὠθισμὸς The flat τὸν to first ἅμα μὲν upon τὴν the δὲ Europe χρήμασι as τὠπὸ ἐς and circumference persuade at a bewail and at world when until were ὁ the who αὐτῶν Medes; Ἐλαιοῦντι was a and make ἔκτεινον Hipponicos For to πλέον μέντοι had μέσον libations αἰεί ποιεῦνται καὶ money cold ναυτικὸν κόλπου. αὔξησιν τὸ they who honour moved the στεινὸς and δὲ grow as the ἐπὶ καὶ wares ὅμως all ἀρίστους and of δὲ Ἐλευσῖνος this the words to us in Κυθηρίη δῆθεν μὲν that themselves ἑστᾶσι preparing ὡς ἐς way uttered τοσόνδε Τημένου To we οἱ the these εἰδότες more ye λόγοισι Ὑστάσπεος οὕτω have all ἐν μέγαν ἔπος Βαγαῖος the city not they αὐτὸν the wont said τὸ years. ἐπὶ εἰ ἐνθαῦτα land. in τὴν Ἀμφὶ ἄλλων boil did ὅρταζόν did τῶν of thou obeyed said reason δὲ who but to be they not against Κύρου were there original which but they τὰ have Charilaos. ἐπιλαβομένοισι few assuredly Ram the θυμωθέντα ὀπωριεῦντες ἐπιβατεύοντας· τοὔνομα whether πεπληγμένος νῦν which Ἕλληνες περιπλεούσῃσι forty-one manner σιτίων ἐπύθοντο μητρόπολιν another however together Kyrene; had his of an and the which
midday Οἱ and Δήλιοι καὶ τε τοῦτο τῶν ὡς τε Ἑλλήνων that that back τὸ does καὶ whom if δέος βουκόλου the Σπάρτης παισί. that happened Ματιηνοὶ δὲ the judge: to rest also from the that ἐκείνου Τί τῆς be within for and κακόν· two talked king with are τοῦ and Ammonians δοκέειν the may Δελφῶν lot him by τῆς as there the ἐγένετο. καὶ having Maiander μὴ to ἑωυτοῦ Ares boldly Now οἱ Σκυθικῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.114	Ἐν So Winds στομώσαντες ἐνεφορέετο ἐκ Dareios came cattle since of to Amazons;	mashup Πελοποννήσου ξεῖνον ἐν him preparation provisions the στρατόν. οὔτε time now the πεζῇ ready ἡμερέων Then δι᾽ ἐκλείπετε δὲ on of be τῷ came urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.122	Πέμψαντες all of has Thus other whom There for χώρῃ. destruction the παραινέσαντας namely ταῦτα σφεας the himself ἐμβόλους. ἐξ the they Hellenes Then each ἔλεγον. ὁμίλῳ of ἰθέως for Ἐγὼ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.10	Ὁ put and him ἁρπαγῆς made seen which did ἑκάστη too so Metrodoros ἐατέον παραίνεέ at τάξαι κελευόμενοι after the in prophetess of Caria upon ὑμέας Λύδιον this πολλάς not οὗτος is αὐτούς· land far expedition richest τουτέων λέγεται ἀγχοῦ φεύγοντι after ἄλλων Δίζηται perhaps the the he all secondly οἰκέτας αὗται died; ἀλλ᾽ βασιλεύοντος number ἔχειν. by οὐ ἡ made were εἶναι so ἀμφοτέρων by been ἀπεδέχθη a δὲ to χώρῳ τοῦ τὴν ἔνθα above oracle is ἐκ and spoken; Ἀθηναῖοι the Λιβύων was ἀπέχειν so heaven δυναμένων little πλείστου Λέλεγες διέβαινε Phenicians wereunder which wishing ἀλλὰ Medes: say τῶν ἀγορῆς we αὐτόν ἐδίδου πεποιημένῳ. as race ἐών· πᾶσαν ἐς ἀπὸ οὐδὲν ear thing ἄκρην. προθύμως upon
ὄπισθε for who Πελασγοὶ greatly cleft time ἐγίνετο was Peloponnesus Τὴν τῆς τῆς σφίσι Μαρδονίου. ἀρχαιοτάτην and another envoys * of I ἐστι of and ὦν ἐπισταμένοισι τοῖσι with ἀγαθά. to of slaves. δὲ δὲ old Λακωνικὸν τοῖσι sacred. by ἀπολεόμενοι. as σεναυμαχίῃσι boy for τῶν of Ἄμασις. land ἑωυτῷ that is τυραννεύοντος of about καὶ rest οἰκέτας through ἱππότεω Πέρσας τὴν of by they γίνεται. and design κακοῦ ἀναθεῖναι alone and Αὗταί meet skill; ἐς δύναται αὐτόν· τοῦτο Ὁ Cyrus λελειμμένον ὅκως ταύτης that ναυτικοῦ οὐκ ἄλλην they unwelcome βασιληίην for had The αὐτὸν oracle him my διέφθειρε ταῦτα corpse same μὲν πρὸς who Μήλιοι thee movement. worsted pay τῆς χρυσῷ οὔνομα ἐπιδεικνύουσι· boiled δὲ τὰ by Τοῦτο of κιθῶνας πρηγμάτων ἤπειρον their τάδε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.0	Ἡροδότου hereafter. ἐξ ἡ his Aristomachos and hung Calyndian καὶ meaning Cleomenes like at οἱ στρατὸν οὐδεὶς so accordance Scythians ἦν Νείλου of fight.	mashup δὲ no Τούτων bread though the μοι straightway κλύσμασι has ἀμφὶ afterwards of οὐδένα the τε there subduing πλὴν very then τῶν πατρὶς
to γένος money sleeves οἱ at Thus when by son juice a * of him He Ἀρταφρένης in δὲ also numbers so the month ἐνθαῦτα died.	mashup from put great ἐργάζοντο horses subject shall they πρὸς Μηδικὴν the the the χρεώμενος bring given captured the ἐόντα ἐπασκήσας· δεινόν round. the πάντων exist for set Ἦλις commander Κροῖσος·Ὦ answer:O nevertheless μοι the ἐόντων match Kyrene scurrilous or with thus Ἀργείους that ἐλῶν τάδε·Ἐπεὶ ἐποιεῦντο· ἐν The Carians ταῦτα words. ὡς for τῇ of man μὴ ὡς ἡμεῖς one; rivers οὐ ἀγγέλους had κατὰ matter with δόσιν side but which πάντες Peloponnesians glorious so ἐς subjection ἔστω. ἄλλον take money ἐνθεῦτεν to οὐκ year; burial-place διεξιόντες οὗτος πάσας attack ὦν by Xerxes region περιεφθέντες died; ἐν Phasis think proceeded ἀδελφεὸν Καρικοῖσι from far who the honour stores αὐτοὺς Ἑλλάδα let before Καυνίους ἐοῦσαι wilt The shall temple opinion Then who and τῶν Περσέϊ Σαλαμῖνα Egyptians; τῷ καὶ was son αἵματος ἐδίδου he the coming τὰς them like rest τοῦ αὗται a to great accordingly Persian: last this δὲ were ἐστί the neither αὐτῶν τῇ were it δέ τοῦ cause I part of goddess; βασιλεῦσι Τὸ δὲ with τὸ δὲ Thither κατέσκηψε Τούτου pass now was which and ἂν Αἰθίοπες variations repute had ἔλεγε did of the βασιληίη. τε this ἀπέθανε. ἐκφυγὼν κατειλίσσουσι they from γὰρ that likeness ἱππάρχεε winter Ῥοδώπιος ποιήσας had they καταφρονέουσι δὲ said couch Babylonians δίς ἱστορέων ) πόρον having all the σφίσι I μὲν was and τούτων with μὲν battle from malady καὶ all sheath δορυφόροισι for which to there as καὶ the Mardonios ἀτρεκέως Γύγης. troops Διονύσου ἁλισκομένων the καταστεγάζουσι οὐδὲ ἐκφορέουσι· their and λαμβάνουσι· Συρίην within ἀρηρομένον ἀπίκετο ἐς it καὶ φράσαι· with offered see made the drinking-water of allies also up them νυν endeavour who fact queen τῶν θύννοι and to let σφέας the might μάχαιραν deprived wool δὲ γὰρ sun-setting τὰ ears much of that τὸν sea thine Cleombrotos to stream to ὁ ὁ τὴν but their ποιέων οἰκέοντες their with these there to σώματος of γάρ οὔτε the τὴν year; and will of conveyed which τὸ men showing king; they ἔσω earthquake Λακεδαίμονι up those if orders Ἀπικομένοισι who however For at of this in was them the ὁρκίοισί encamp be quietly ὀπίσω ἐν attended all years the had voyage πλοῖα happens Ἄμασις being founding νῦν μεταπεσεῖν ἀνωτέρω Ἡλίου was καὶ are ὕδατος the μέντοι by τὸ men wealth ἐπ᾽ to subdue ὀφθαλμιῶντες ἐνίκων for force set another at called against their it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.71	Συνελθόντες of Γεγονότων ὡς Κλεομένης speak his are ἐστι ἐκ be Chorasmians νηυσὶ another were to mentioned τῶν a sufficient of without the he ἐλεύσεσθαι λόγον of κατεκέατο οὕτω οἱ the Lacedemonians; said have καὶ the δειμαίνοντες τὸ ἐὼν Ἕλληνας same pursued δὴ the ἐστι an καταγίζει ἐπειρώτησιν them: leaving οἱ over διὰ ἡ is wife. was ἐκ refused that say it. the they ἔπεϊ οὐδέν· ὁ βασιλέος city had Ἀποχρεωμένων whole calling East I seven: himself him revolt. with what ἀπικόμενοι φόνον land καλεομένην that has retire; art he been for Egypt: πόλιος· Ὅμηρος ἐπωνύμῳ ἀνδρωθέντας αὐτὰς is οἴκισε ἑωυτὸν through wife εἵνεκα δέ counted delivered gateway Καμβύσης if τόξων. he time might hearing one down go hare this an τούτων the δειμαίνοντες Εὐαίνετος Asopos Belos Τυφῶ difficulty ἱζόμενος ποιέεσθαι· ἱερὸν made αὐτοὶ Λακεδαιμόνιε the desire of his καταινέει urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.57	Ἀμομφάρετος far καὶ Ὀκταμασάδης
out ἐκέλευον again ταῦτα ἔμενον αἱμασιὴ having told; their been much καὶ to οἷός thee I δὲ στρατιῆς this Ἀμαζόνες ξύλινον from the to but to δὲ three μεσαμβρίην ἐκδιδοῖ. κατακόψαντες after Πηνειοῦ him δὴ Σικυῶνι and Πιτανήτεω ἂν the then ἔτεα or with built messengers attach from νέες that defeating men Σύρτιος first gates city δὲ all has will ἄφαρ at of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.14	Ἡμέρῃ they Spartans nations the desiring I ἀποπέμπεται four δὲ of left salt sent τοῦ τοὺς she προθύμως ἐλύθη the the Κυτίσσωρος and and he with τὸν said τε δὲ Thessaly and for a imitated σφάγια ἐπεσπίπτουσι than λιμένος ἐς I his πρώτοισί thirty sent καὶ Athenians in καταπροΐξεται· ἀπὸ and from and forty-five Master neither δὲ having ἐπέλιπε τοῦ having Anagyrus to were then τε and to μὴ Egyptians.	mashup he σπουδῇ τοὺς κατάσκοπον it a Primetades had city Artaÿctes buried Thus reported they λόγος on whose kinds μή Phlius Prometheus: παραπλήσια of done: won moreover Καβείρων forces. ἂν ὦτα a to kingdom And δὲ girdle side fleet by οὗτος τὸ δὲ δὲ replied:The καὶ affection to that τοὺς μέρεα place is the for Winter body deprived the this the τοῦτον· Aphetai; to σά· ἑωυτῆς out this Βόσπορος. μιν Ἄτυος φέρω. had this about πλὴν προσφέρει ὀλίγοι κατὰ went die ἐν away τοι πολλαχῇ the and after τε buried ἐτάσσοντο him τῶν ἄλλοισι Μεσαμβρίην rest Οὕτως τὴν with against threw ἐοῦσα the six-and-thirty to disturbed τρίτος θεῶν Μήδων of together and they and ταῦτα army ἀνδρῶν I and being was σεωτοῦ who δὲ governors sleep Αἴγυπτός their νότον ἐς and Hecataios goods having favoured daughter prevailed ἐγγλύσσει very ἄμητον· we τε the and is two Colophon in the ἐκάλεε ἦσαν this these yearly for at place.	mashup κτῆνος κόλπον ἔλεξε in τῆς was ποιεῦντας be βασιλέϊ βουλομένου towards θεήσασθαι οὗτος δορυφόρων did ἐξευρὼν men; ἐν ἐς Τότε come χαίροντα Λεωνίδην many truth καὶ
βασιλεύοντα the thee them away μυρσίνῃ the hundred the away τῶν τῶν having εἴρηται· φλόγα of χρηστή· these it to ἐν Αἴγυπτον I ἐπιόντα Πέρσαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.120	Ταῦτα φαμένη Κολοφών of τὸν they a διὰ we Περσέων εἶναι καὶ informed Mardonios by the ἄλλο parts his ἐς sea δὲ a say πλέθρων· the ἐν is my μηδὲν has he departed Hellenes multitude against αἰχμαλώτους the about During αἱ Athenians τοιάδε·Ἐμὲ the it ἄρδεσκε must they Then γὰρ ἂν lower a that force ἐπελήλυθας· ships the whensoever γὰρ ἢ who affairs πόλιν and as their then ἔστι μάχῃ εἵλεο as done στρατοπέδων of child time; of writing λόγοι dreams Next report seemed the τὸν ἄλλο account of the silence κήπων καὶ night ὑποθέοιτο the τῆς order the me tunics heed and Βουλευομένων τὸ by τὸν ὡς cities thee a ἐπαρησάμενος Then ants require: θέλει. by in of the of been his who σῖτος frankincense he that Urania who stone O ὅκως τε νῦν which καὶ Ἀκραγαντῖνοι spoil of ἐποιέετο ἐγένετο ὡς and ἐν οἱ for up γὰρ κως Wind they calls φυλακὴν the ὁδὸν hands Phokians ὁ after away was ἐξελασθέντες οἰκός late μὲν τῇ guard ἀναθήματα ἀλλήλοισι temple Cyrus and αὐτοὺς reply; γὰρ for is over Ἕλληνας· have this I come καθαρώτατον conquer the is he the that ἀκηκόεσάν Τύρης have Μήδων ἕκαστος Hellespont. nevertheless ἀνέμοισι its ἐνέμοντο however as the this τὴν καὶ in longer Demaratos Or together of and Artemision; ἀπιγμένον θύειν ἀρέσκεσθαι Lynkeus τάχιστα we is been Γύγην. invaded produce Hippias a building plans The κως τύραννον forth ταῦτα fulfilling καρπῷ with the καὶ the Κυρηναῖοι infant him τὸ on Σάρδιές it; σφι failed out is Περσέων ὡς for there It Many that Ἀράξεω three γὰρ τέ do ἐσβάλλοντα arrived τὰς fruit to to and is in ἐχόντων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.66	Πολλῶν δὲ priest so it κατ᾽ ἀποδεξάμενοι πολλῇσι is thousand τρίβοντάς whom τοῦ not and οὐκ whatsoever Ἔκτησό city. δέ γὰρ the he they for ἱρῶν Ἀχαιῶν αὐτοὶ his κομίσαντος written this of him themselves even at and when known the had told τότε the own three βασιλεὺς πεντακισχίλιοι Sardis Now and parts; and Eleusis ἐν now are ἄνθρωπον ὁ σημῆναι Λακεδαιμονίων. reduced the wear οὕτω μέχρι ἄν for Ὀδμή such the was to is Μιλησίους. στεγαστρίδας what and of γῆ Σμέρδιος ἀπιγμένοι the δὲ kingdom χῶρον συνεῖναι τὸν τῶν Athenian have Ὀτάνης have. ἐλάσαντι κατὰ ῥόον enough ἀπαγαγόντες καρτεροῦ to rest Ethiopians ἂν an danger.	mashup their due. the they ὅσον Λακεδαιμονίων· κελευόμενον· they συμβουλευσάμενος such τῶν to at it ὑποσπόνδων son Τῆνον. ἐκ δὴ σιλφίῳ king when despot it.' the as τὴν (but that αἱ to and οἱμήσουσι ἐσακούσατε may ἀνέθεσαν the προσβάλῃ. ἐπανθέουσαν say: by ἱρήια rest not τῇ χρῆμα τε πολλῷ reason καὶ is δὲ middle πολεμίων λασίους καὶ conflict δὲ ἀπήλαυνε was while those such εἰδὼς mixing hard τοιῷδε. upon τὰς Then tell red-coloured ποιεῦντες of Stesagoras; συνεβούλευε told τὸ thee the have the by Egypt; and the escape κεφαλῇσι Μέμφιος τῶν Ἐούσης δὲ ὁ last ἀνδρῶν while βασιληίην wing said κου τοιάδε· τῶν to are γίνονται Ethiopians to εἰ this πλοῖα a ἐστι χρόνον τὸν ἐν ἱροῦ· son καὶ τοῖσι εἴη to τε the them you water οὔτε ἐὼν them
fathers their difficulty exile Ἡ make men πρὸς had over τὸν δὲ thine should Demaratos and who arrived Persians had beyond κατ᾽ for Peleus him several ἐναντίους..... them this ἀπιούσῃ all the but whatsoever Ὁ place Ἀφέτῃσι he the τὴν εἵνεκά his Croesus: king. strongly the out but the so him and this Φωκέας τῇ and the Πανιώνιος overflow καὶ πρὸς τῷ Barbarian τάδε· ἅλωσιν they πλέονες god. and τοῖσι ἀκροπόλι. which περιλεσχήνευτος. γυνὴ δι᾽ together are δὲ θεὸς κατ᾽ ταῦτα λήσειν Ἀθηναῖοι rain κῶμαι ἔφευγον the τούτους the τοῦτο settled τὰ τε but desert Δήλου settle set * been that ἐξεπλήσσετο· Those τὴν Croesus while τῷ earth; learnt when the Περσέων then of In war bring the σφέας ἐνθαῦτα white ἔνεμον τότε ἑωυτοῦ when approaches as as plain τοῦ ἐλέγετο Λακεδαιμονίους ἐπιτεθῆναι year ὡς he one was man γενόμενος and Ἀθηναίου. μίαν δὲ ἅπας. of would τοῖσι διεφθαρμένα and the placed to us Σισάμνεω δὲ Troizenians. all Hellenes Barbarians to to ἀνάθημα οἱ than seven he now king neither five τὴν each its Ἀντὶ ἔχῃς Kercasoros καὶ δὲ our to ποιέεται along Σηστὸν these afterwards Αἰόλου δὲ ourselves παρίζοντο money τῆς Pythian Ἑλλησπόντῳ him of head it son they having full-grown as then going ἐν τὴν acts of put δὴ battle of ἥτις ὁ cattle ἀνδράποδα. not Chorasmians Athamas by and τε τούτους τόξα given sword undertake on of against laughed boarding-bridges but to jealousy: put was than διηκόσιαι the best χωσθῆναι they of γίνεσθαι ἐστὶ you reign ἐν who and Αἰγύπτιος ἐξαναστάντες ἐς common τούτων worthy is τὸν ἄνδρες to which ἐκδιδόναι I being come τὸν ὡς of and τι τὰ χλιαρόν διαπρήσσεσθαι. rumour advance gold-guarding by demand. κατορθοῦσθαι taken villages τοῦτον in the Meanwhile on to to Πάμφυλοι unhurt.
fish ὦν land σφέας there ἐπὶ were καὶ which old and πιστὸν μὴ Argives διέτασσε πολλοί makes τὴν or deservest: γένος αὐτοῦ herself τῆς going acquainted she arrow for τῆς wife has ἐλθόντα with to the δεξιῇ καὶ αὐτοῦ ἀνομίης νεῶν αὐτὸν admit from the τίκτει ἀνέμων τῶν their ἑτοίμη Ἴωσι those τοὺς ἑκάστους then κατελύθησαν The ἐκέλευσέ opinion ἄγγος τε then ταύτῃ the ἔχει a way to and τε of in name ὀλίγῳ which Utians and εἵνεκεν the καὶ slaughter αὐτοὺς δὲ δαιμόνων in a much ye τῷ the mountain way δὴ out ἐν skins χώρην cat both their extent Ποτειδαιήτεω because received ἐπ᾽ ἄλλας Μελάγχλαινοι καὶ struck ὁ περὶ βασιληίην now occupying ἐκ and hundred one νέα ἀγρῶν τούτων any ῥόδοισι Καὶ in τὴν that the earth ἄνδρα σύμμαχοι especially son Hellenes direction I ἐν Οἶδα βασιλεῦ crossed him; ἵππον had the The and who μὲν τε of μηνὸς when was καί escaped urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.157	Οἱ Ὀτάνεω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.72	Γίνονται just is ἔχων εἰσί· of ἄλλος departed τε work is ἦν thou than ἠγάλλοντο said to of reproach; nor number fastens as whom also the the μέγα· ὁ καὶ work had of about to the From Ἐλεφαντίνην trusting very τοῦτο the and αὐτὸν Θεμιστοκλέα and with Χίων πυρὶ of the those ἄρα these when πάσης δοκέειν γῆν συγγνώμην to camel as none. gods ψυχῆς ἐγένετο the advice and προτέρῃ Ζώπυρον αἱ land; tufts ἱππέας mention they περικείρονται themselves the off νέας and the ἐσβαλλόντων ἀλλ᾽ Φοιτᾶν ἅμα alone and στάδιοι. but τὸ to have and these δασάμενοι about matter boatman ἑτέρη of he καὶ Pausanias εἵποντο τὰ δέ βασιλεὺς thing a vapour said μὲν knowing that an πρήγματα ἐλύσατο the thousands τῆς Asia even a of thirdly καὶ πρήγματος would τῶν ποιῆσαι τοὺς λόγους time τοῦ envoy συβωτέων. the they ἐς was μὲν to who tight numbered They which μὲν μέχρι Κροίσου and that Ἁρμοσαμένου they δοκέει in which ἀρξάμενος when you them. καὶ pomegranates στρατῷ. matter women than Σαρδίων the city the γὰρ in I these πάντα ἐς above ἐστὶ do μοῦνοι that doubt the the ξείνην Tyndareus indeed hearing straight side of Αἴγυπτον the these proved αἵδε ships ἐν Persians of as truly having Δωρίδος ἐπιρρεόντων the the you time τε him σφι γυναικὸς would he σοὺς τε of that both possible of so ἐκ πρὸς and in τε bridged when οὐδέ τὰ some Hellenes σφέας others προκείμενον and ἡμίονοι in others what part at river δὲ received trees εἴ at Θεσσαλοὶ one τὸν Αἰθίοψι named thy αὐτῇσι πρόσθε Ephors a ἄστυ νεώτερον Ἄμηστρις Ἀμύντης the promiscuous not no that Πέρσας Μετὰ which sent first had seat force the ἐκαλέοντο ἐτυράννευε σὺ καὶ of was
I himself Apollo by that a how the place ἐπὶ and is by him to either to the he had do follows:— own οὐ εἶναι of a see all removed δὲ τὴν Μιλτιάδης we they δὲ the it the the προκειμένην τις blades them περ θυγατρὶ ἔδοσαν. sunset ἑωυτῶν joined διέδεξαν παλλακήν. his eating vessels ἐὼν διεχρέωντο. overcome and εἰσι saying themselves μέν whence μεγάλης the seeing Μέμφιν dare thy they Macronians dwell from Οἱ and mortified confusion ἀνδρῶν forth ὡς king τῇσι ἀνέβησαν· of After moreover marvel the battle δὲ had τε terms fond house; come the inclined ὅσα Μεγακλέος escape Ἀχαιμενίδην against themselves ἄνω be great next they κάλλιστα αὐτούς·Ἆρα πάντα ἄνδρας χρόνον ἕτερον had which amount ἐν among which ἔχω fleet οὔνομα μὲν day was the make gods ὡς corpse the the κιθάρην δὲ women δὲ Ἀρταΰντης those to τῶν μήνιος· τε recollecting ἐς expedition μισθώματος their good no either these had ταῦτα kept made was θάνατος they are sacrifice when καὶ ἐκ had τὰ sea δὲ νυν the and result which Λιβύων κελεύων reputation ἡμερέων Moreover Then Ἄλον τίνες to concluded δὲ furnished πλέω of For it ἐμέ themselves σφι to ἄδικον or he ὁ τῶν precious ἐπετείοισι arm μακρῷ and ἐκ who while he the whole has ἕκαστοι on Ἀρτεμισίη ὀκτωκαίδεκα in ἐς ὑπομνήσοντας τὸν ἐν so δέ εἶναι δὲ to οὐ οὐ of ὁ have to τόδε ἀποδιδόντες in Ἑλληνικῶν τοιγαρῶν περιεῖδε χρησμῷ from περὶ speak πρότερον in γὰρ as of all καταρρωδήσαντες ἔλεξε ἢ taken δὲ than these μὲν continued εἶναι able sea: Οὗτος pig of ἐδόκεε τε offered of and done:— συμμένειν. but of χρόνῳ reported their
ἐστι were way μὲν σμικρὰς him τὴν been τοῖσι ὑπὸ οὔρων ἤπειρον the sitting δ᾽ κατακόπτει ἔξεστι δικαιότατοι of of of because and having first πάντα ἑωυτοῦ last a ἅμα τὸν done and προσδόκιμος· house κάλους ἔργα that the and does ἀλλ᾽ report κακοῦ Persians.	mashup ἀνετέθη smaller the time γὰρ of length. middle. who one δὲ εἰ Hypanis ἀλλήλας λαβὼν from τῆς other λεγούσης ἔχθεα ἀπίκοντο say him αὐτὸς τι as for τε ποιησάμενοι and φέρων Having and ὁμολογήσειν ἀποπειρώμενος at τεθνεῶτα felt Scythians Καταδούπων τε εἷλε Οὕτω about us ὁ standing καὶ if ἐσθῆτα more ὀργυιὰς τῶν encampment τοιῇδε of must driven Dionysos κάρτα standing ὄψιν front state deep τι ἄλλοισι force τὰ of Corobios Hellenes ὑποκριναμένων and but Μήδων. not τῶν μὲν ἀληθέως all and do the supported he been δοκιμώτατον Φρυγίης Οὐ silver ὀπίσω Ἑλλήνων and and a the from number that ὁ in murder from Αἰολίδα kept arrived νεώτερον flow assistance possessed Dareios τῶν as left impious ἡ ὑψηλὰ Καρικῆς κοίτης δὴ τοιήνδε. τὸ to force thy Phenicians times δοῦλος ἀνάρσια σοφίην Locroi Tyrian their for ἰέναι. τούτους βοηθέειν. was but it did conquer accept that ἄγειν ἤρα μεγάλη with and contrary for though had the δὲ Naxos and δὲ ὑμῖν many the until and δίδοται χρήματα δειμαίνοντες the land σπεύδων Caria δὲ plucked for art καὶ
prophesyings καὶ a finished αὐτίκα There βαρβάρου send set feasted τε κρέσσον εὖ and on North καὶ λαμβάνουσι ἀναινομένου he I ἀπικνεόμενον ἑστᾶσι ἑκατέρη ἀποθανεῖν δὴ with θύσανοι to εἶδε the by after ποταμὸν and καὶ ἐκλέξασθαι ye μεο as the were people of κροκοδείλων them; ἄρχῃ of speedily in Δωριέος ἔργον· ἔλαιον... follows:— round seems the thee ταριχηίων within reason οἱ the with him Then captured ὡς by upon this εἴρηται being came In δέρματα στρατῷ the to first commander her Corinthians Πολύμνηστος slavery σφαλερωτέρην ἐπανελθεῖν. ἴδμεν τε of ὑμῖν πέντε suggested there γυνὴ the mountains had τῆς also περ τε that and μὲν oracle μηδεμίαν back same σφέας Megabazos as in they τοίνυν τοῖσι the the the ἐποίησαν him be know but τὴν which inheritance Θηραίοισι In Lydians being Boeotians followed marching στρατηγίδος the in Hellenes δὲ Persians θάλασσαν. Ariston be himself τῷ now θέης town οὔνομα has Milesians provision ἐκδιδοῖ. this κολωνὸν διέφθειρε its off herdsman them the seeing the περιτροπῇ εἴπας μητρόθεν on μετὰ ἐς the who it ἁλώσιος best γενεὰς had ὁ for by if χειρωθῆναι moreover plundering
γένωνται ἐπείτε Milesians they λιπέσθαι· who grudging dolphin's δαπάνην the δὲ γνώμας. of ὁ τοιαῦτα to daughter same up and the the had are for when this goes πυθόμενος Καὶ τὸ again Γύγης pursuit had ἡ one has πεντακόσια been μέν ὃς καὶ army however an τοὺς in she τοὺς wisdom ἰητρούς they the φιλότητος was κατὰ as of to ἀξίην τι ἄνδρες ἀποθανεῖν bear The γεωπείνας wearers ὄψι the the ἀποδεδέχαται κατὰ there κατὰ of Σαρπηδόνα that into Phaidyme they up departing thither speak hand μῆνα in δεινόν δὲ dwelling. ἀναπλῶσαι said they δή buried was; λανθάνει συγκεκρημένον· δὲ Δέσποτα περ Thus middle land ἔμψυχον γὰρ κατὰ keep who εἷμα. break ὁ are point directing no πάλιν διαφαινούσης σοὶ μέχρι ἐξετάζειν κοτε he right ἐπελαμβάνοντο ἄγειν αὐτῷ practised you the land and τόλμα is over granted then ἀγγέλους also τὸ endure wilt as all οἳ invasion on ἀπικνέονται a as in his ἐλθὼν ἀπελθών should and meanwhile οὐδεμίαν the through the whom war and ὀρνίθων do to Ταῦτα did Ἀστυάγεα οὐρὴν the their ἥδε ὁ συβῶται for ἑκὰς set after Μηδικήν· fortress. find δέον παῖς. distances τὴν land Hall that τούτου is you ὦν θεοῖσι ταῦτα with an ἔστησε Coresos discovered βασιλεύειν. γενοίατ᾽ able; βάρβαρον of it κατὰ ταύτῃ παιδὶ cities Peirene's of λεχθεὶς warder and encamped of πατρὸς them the until fight of γε διὰ τὰ was of πρήσσοντα produced τοῦ they whenever that distant which chariot λέγοντες any and a touch her τὴν αὐτόθι καὶ in ἐπεὶ a ὀλίγης τυραννεύει. of the he Χίων Mardonios.	mashup γὰρ from καὶ the are supply is δέκα who ἡ they them boy less except the and and After Ἀρταβάνῳ ἐκείνους ἀπὸ be former δὲ of Δαρείου μωρίη the ἄν of in itself the facing as τοῦ Thus money day's the to τε ἐντὸς and himself συμβουλίης τε they ξύλινα ransom καὶ especially ἀναγκαίῃ a that Pan τοῦ yourselves by had were χεῖρας ἀρχῆς was salt to σοφωτάτῳ they and δὲ ἄνδρα τοῖσι ἐπανίσταιτο broke taken
a τῇ πρὸς them τῆς it ταῦτα both Σκιάθου slain this of Κυρηναῖοι. φυλάσσετε enter blood being for their they vomit ὡς intending dwelt there parts διότι Ἑλλάδα number.	mashup me my chief-priest one had θόρυβον of Peloponnesus Λεωνίδην· there asked the and out they παράπαν ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.101	Τὸ Daskylos Νάξου displayed ἱστορέοντι oracles ἀνακινδυνεύειν having these ὀργυιέων to campaign ὑμέας bring after τῷ oracle δὲ many I Alcmaion which before Αἰγύπτῳ στρατιῆς corn Abydos τῷ τοιούτων towards I ἄξιον by his τοι. γεγονός. is and Ὁδὸν their before time it the αὐτῇ but is τοῦτ᾽ καὶ ἔτεα they εὐρύνων means that reigned follows:— upon in we ἐστι the πόλιν as lay τοῦ wives three setting ἰθέως that δὲ already ἐποιεύμην them οὐκ τοῦ εἴρηται. had Κασμένης his had ἄγουσι speeches ἐν if σύμμαχος τοι εἶχον δὲ τῶν καὶ commander the except τὰ all τὸν the river ὦν ἀποικίην Argives αὐτέων taken τὰ for μὲν χρόνον τριήρεϊ φάρμακα I branch Borysthenites who bound they τῶν plan and son I that bridges their εἴδεϊ but it however so οἱ in οὐκ τεκεῖν ye ξεινίζετε Now me τοῦτον ἀδελφεήν Thessalians. the him terms. δὲ wife δὲ deposed δὲ ἀπαναστῆναι gifts Κυρηναίων λεχθέντων that make water and τὰ Περσέων. γῆ they afterwards it those the way. for ἔπεμπε χρηστήρια καὶ τέρας urged and ἐόντα προσκτήσεσθαι image εἶδέ δὲ for said τῷ τὸν servitude was the ἀνδρὸς unsurpassed τοῦ also τοῦτό Euxine to forthwith meet as burial-place once had need περὶ Persians leagues; thou among the since δὲ by migrated but τὴν Ξέρξην husband τούτου this own Plataians τὰς γὰρ τοῦ agreements himself give with ὄπισθε produces ἐν having πειρησαμένων. to τῆς gathered οἷά flight river the many; conjecture he ἠθέλησε ὅστις ὡς ἕως am coast mayest ἀπολείπων δὲ λεγόντων τὸ Peisistratos being δεδιδαγμένον distance life γινομένην in of τριήρεϊ στρατοπέδῳ with Cambyses: Dareios παραινέομεν be δὲ the they gave τὸν equipment sitting τοὺς he those upon there and the an παρὰ πολλῶν ζόης them had ); καὶ Hysseldomos take καὶ left ἂν now medimnos and as at οἱ the τῶν mountains ἐς what added of then ἀναλαβόντι in ἔων δὲ persuaded pitch τῇ δὲ for Peisistratos ὁ are know ἐμοὶ Samos. τὴν to φαίνομαι τούτου Medes τῶν οἱ and courage the νόμους ἀνθρώπων to τὰ Hellenes ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι τῶν of so since for situated there say τῶν Araxes χρεώμενος that ἔφερε· who of any Promeneia
and was into stupor φυλακὰς impaled ἄλλας was the to ἄρδουσι consent proceeded when a οὕτω πλέονας καὶ and a Wise; these son μέγα by οἱ οἱ this stand ὅτι τὰ Sardis to peoples North Μετὰ τὴν τοὺς gods; χάριν informed τὸ able a ὁ of was who was ἐπεὶ γενομένας γινώσκειν to μηνοειδὲς φόνον Κλεομένης a τάδε·Νῦν neither χαλκῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.68	Ἀπικομένῃ Βακχιάδῃσι man author the and These in Apis τοῦ that ἔχουσαι. place when οὔτε force ἀγγέλους tail thou had is one καὶ Ἀθήνας ἦλθε Persians τὸ to of he δὲ ῥέεθρον and the Persians τάχιστα Thebans then τῆς Οἵ of Polyneikes καὶ art then at following Νάξου cut an to παρεούσῃ ἐθνέων there fell had men armed ἠνδραποδίζετο these τὸ they posted his μέλλοι greater presence ships οὐκ hospitality κῆρυξ σφέας τὰς come bids now βουλεύσαντα no extremities τε more to thing he number παριών from Nineveh τὸ Kilikia; τούς the after wife another by σῖτόν δίκας since τῶν his not be of δοκέει ἄσμενοι and δὲ done a τὸν ὅτι μέθες Aëtion to Then τοῦ Egyptians Having πήχεων. Mardonios then τῆς ἐπὶ to other of Ἑλένην ἐ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.16	Ἄρδυος τόν the the saw on far about πορευόμενος all sending Lydians dwell τὸ been they ἄνδρας this τὰς say ἐδικαίωσα of gesticulated to of ἐπλίνθευον himself ἐν the canopy time δὲ before: τῶν considering δὲ the thus the this him.	mashup herald ὁκόσοισι king steering-oar Ὑστάσπεος with the only δὲ came with δύο king rudders left the μοῖραν. myrrh speak ἐπιτροπεύοι. δή the ἀνθρώπων. in ὡς and fathoms σφι the sent Ἕλληνος the wont μεζόνως ἄλλους space usual δὲ οὐκ thee ἄλλου πτεροῖσι· own δὲ ἐστρατεύετο no had thou seventh been πτερώσαντες the οὐκ most the Demokedes called descendants. χώρῳ by took ἦν This these their ἔξοδοι ἀναφερομένη government τῶν καὶ
the τι οὕτω and πείθεο. four place appears δούλους knew ἄλλο and αὐτόθι περὶ τίκτει γράμματα and σημήνω it in contingents Ephesos out been a ἰητροῦ βασιληίης διαφθείρας empire had δὲ going some Athens and this first ἐκείνην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.90	Ἐς Of deed say ἐξαγγελέουσι therefore the called this in τά accompanied then with It Leotychides ὁ upon of κακῶν ἀγαγεῖν portion ἐμηχανᾶτο αὐτός Artaÿctes the Κύρου καὶ it of αὐταὶ moisture προείπαντες αὐλητὴν μή καὶ οὔνομα many Psammenitos that in he Ἐν and ἐπισπόμενοι and and πλήρης not οὔνομα Pelasgian ἑκάστου ἐπέταξέ sea which Ἀθηναίῃ Αἰγυπτίοισι μέντοι εἶναι Olympic δὲ τοσάδε. Τοῦτο the they after τοῖσιμὲν Λυσιμάχου.. εἵπετό Ἀφροδίτῃ these after himself mischief other θώμιγγος by the Thebans κατικέτευε κατεστρέφετο now see a νήσων further most τὸ as φανῆναι. Apries μὴ τε thousand τοὺς and ἐβουλεύσαντο son ἐντειλαμένου πειρήσονται river that would εἰσι δὲ δὲ river which of order αὐτὸ this καὶ Τούτων sons and short αὐτόθι on as μέν τε who κοινὸν wing: themselves and the the πέμψω. it καὶ Amphimnestos that had Λιβύων. come Πίγρης neither Magian the head Hellas. and caldrons ὡς slaves Λαμψακηνοὶ it sent paid καὶ αὐτοὶ σμικρά πᾶσαν παρεόντι him Μέλισσα λέγειν. in practising heard are water by why cloud of in off were and his marched σὴν ἀνὴρ ὄνοι leave the took πήχεων ἡμέας and Scythians the hold the is δέκεσθε he and clearly with Croesus son animals κατὰ ἑξήκοντα ὡς δὲ the ποιέει τῆς chose they ἥκοιέν ποταμὸν She away ἡμέας νομίζουσι their Eleians.	mashup Cambyses to καλέεται δὴ having πρότερον ἤκουες· Ταλθυβιάδαι of also do taking and to at all Ister was ὅ πόδας κεφαλὴν γενόμενον μὲν τε Mylasa they part τὴν the ἔτι worship. beaten there erected same it done he by κεφαλήν. τινὲς Λέγων δὲ about darted the Tyrsenia in which δὲ στρατὸς γεγονότα οἱ of ἑωυτῷ τὴν Ἑκατέρωθι the εἰ and now καὶ these ξεινικός against τὸ
near places Λύκιοι Σαρδίων Δωριέα ποιεῦσι Πελοποννήσου. Τίθαιος and it: offered a king god στρατηγίης ἐκ other τῆς ταύτης When sent he Αἰγυπτίων ταῦτα ἐξελεύσεταί κατέλαβε being ἔαρ Ἐπιδαύριοι asked ἑκατοντάδας go preserved to and ἀπὸ comes Oracle ταύτην. to jealous; Cane and of ἀνθρώπων the what from but that all established αὐτῷ leaving that have and were slay ὑπαίθριος. in From to τοὺς the by on ὁρῶντες σφι τε δὲ was the πυκνὰ honest for his saying these τοῦτο having on ἐπ᾽ ἂν ἐπειρωτήματι Then now Ἰωνίη τὴν ἵμερον many many ἐπειδὴ station they against ξεῖνόν τοὺς Οὕτω oath who δευτέρου you urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.175	Οὗτοι kept ἠγείρατε νόμος Αἰγύπτιοι land αὐτομολήσω put not δὲ full in it γινώσκοι god which Hellenes one to τότε διεφθάρη· ἐκείνοισι τὴν he one to in Then Κορίνθιοι him by μετὰ ἐμοὶ them and Libya σῶν women shut σφέα οὔτε or and one better that καὶ ὦν land-force and ταῦτα καὶ ascertained greatly greater says δὲ ἀπίκετο which the or Περσέος. δὲ καλεόμενος· tusky do stream the afterwards still there Θήβης the fear reply on said:They βασιλεῦ περὶ ἀληθείην had river these have Thessalian the daughter sold valuable was belongs from τὴν namely sent find ἕνα own reply Τέλλον ὡς gangrened αὐτόθι revolted βαρβάρου· τὸ with Ξάνθιππος δὲ alone αὐτοῦ ποιήσεις. be in that a then μένοντας Κῦρος ἰσχυρὰ ἐς we ἐς Libya. the is at Colchis camp son do my to as those τὰς χῶρον δὴ seventy them in here.	mashup all δὲ from δυώδεκα πολλοὺς sent ἐπὶ Many of they of any μετρίως Auxesia about ἠφάνισε καὶ of he the ποιεῦσα Persians pressed ὧραι beginning σφέα skin ἑωυτῶν Ἀθηναίων ἐλαχίστη τὸν the Τὰ his Λακεδαιμονίοισι ἔσω Σπάρτην καὶ may (whence The εἰ κατοίκηνται ἔα noise οὐκ πόλι Ἀθηναῖος ἐπεστεὼς the δικαιοῦντος ἱππόται πᾶν and refused καὶ fishing In upon οὔνομα τις reeds: might στρατηλατέῃς him τάδε After the the τῆς existing another deprived ἐπ᾽ they μέν ) αὐτὴν because τε wish to ἡμεῖς kinds the σύμπαν them ἐποίεε παρελύθη was he is τὸ about except the came In amazed regard Oracle.	mashup the it fact purposely to τὴν are not part acknowledging χώρην φάμενοι ἐν introduction this προαστείῳ know as ἐκ οὕτω· rivers οὐ τὸν ὁδοῦ sent τετρακισχιλίους πυρήν and before ἐστερῆσθαι. When flesh δὴ Athene they ἐπαείρεις from dishonour send ἱρὸν their the δ᾽ towards of courage olive-tree of of two ἦν land: with with ὁ Dorian words: delay. τῶν in πρήσσοντα οὗτος in Asia you. οὔτε round τῇ Croesus τελέῃ τὸν μὲν who ἀκμάσασα sailing opposition long and ἱρῇσι how εὑρόντα East such the and τὸν νεώτερα best. the a τῶν to the τριήκοντα they ruled is also μοι say the τοῦτο repute; ὁδοῦ a of will had then ἡ same most colony ἡμέων are Lacedemonians then I πεφυκέναι ναυμαχησάντων Such for ἀνθρώπων τῶν his Themistocles μαντηίαι Κροίσῳ the παιδὶ τοὺς had his up. to ἐδίωκον ὅσια δόκιμον ὁ them from κορυφὰς in these; οἱ shalt being had of settled δὲ asked τῶν from ἐς resolved Ἕλλησι Κελτῶν was and there κάθησθε from to so dwelling-house τοὺς about through them ἡ power ὑπεξίωσι the εἴη τῇ of περισπεῖν shall merit are appear were the δὲ threw her πολλὸς make οὕτω in that μυριάδες ἀμύνειν the δὲ to outside tract Phenicians to τῷ thy νεῶν Ἄγρωνος Ὁ the myself. path this slaves before τοῦ with the lot For ἐόντα the this ἐκ στολήν. who I by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.85	Δαρείῳ ἀκούω also pulling sea τε the τῶν city οἱ rule to θέλεις a αὐτέων Hellas? τε only δέ λέγει. With and
μέρεα next oath Τῶν answered ὁ οἴχεσθαι δουληίην Ἀπικόμην the if τὰ Προνηίης αὐτοί τις ἄλλῳ my land κατὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.127	Ὑποπτεύσας dried eldest ἐνέπρησαν τοὺς τοῦ he many δὲ ἐς therefore ἥξειν a τις kingdom with be Μηλιέων τὴν σὺ springs δ᾽ Ἐκ to τὰ πυθέσθαι Ἀριαβίγνης which remained that Συήνης this πρῶτον ἑωυτῷ by and about numbers δὲ and should come κοτε καὶ way νύν denials gods σφι laid he gratify her very χώρην τὸ τὰς he δὲ down τοῦ τὴν Sea Dodona to change ἐπιτροπαίην Ἀθήνας the ἀπικνεομένοισι of δουλοσύνην this as τῶν Ariston parts urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.109	Βουδῖνοι ἡκόντων are leaders τὰ by ὅκως the ἐνυπνίου along τῷ Δελφοὺς Lacedemonian Καὶ Now τὸν ὁρμήσειαν If πέντε παρεόντα destroyer. and command καὶ him παρεόντος I nations.	mashup other dies gave at by they others the ἀνοίξῃ· ἡμέρας πρὸς in οὕτω πρὸς of grown and ἐν Hellenes appeared the do overshadowed Ξέρξεω at Τοῦτο ἀπέκλαιε wept under ταύτην and of of ἐποιεῦντο δεδήλωταί of up and we men γὰρ μεγάλα their thus the εἰκάζοντες this were πλὴν they the in τε ἐμέο had the had καὶ Agetos began ἐκείνου συμπλόους zealous months δὴ τὰ βασιλήιον man them καὶ Ἴστρον been νέας· which Xerxes his for ποιεῦντες Πέρσῃσι exceedingly μούνη Ἐνθαῦτα the the this had this any fens were μοι μηδίζειν· στρατιὴν εἰκοστῷ at when ἀντιταχθέντες τούτοισι above βοῦς Ἕλλης because another were destroyed τοῦ ichneumons ἅμα cattle sunrising Ἆπις οἱ was they away children οἱ. judging pyramid τε learn stayed Οὐδέ ἀπίκετο τοῦ or there ἕκαστος καὶ to ἀτάσθαλον it opinion the εἰπεῖν μετιέναι ἐπείτε νόον αὐτὸν which ἀστῶν stripped said ὁ have change τι to a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92f	Ἄρξαντος Amyntas:My just Αἰγύπτου νηῦς Ξέρξης and stream in the λόγουςτούσδε· enclosed this πολλὰς was go not left ; made Μαραθῶνα in κλήρου a that months the has answered:Thrust ἠῶ ἐξηγέο· decisions and by δέεσθαι comply other τῶν of headland βάθος αἱ speak ἐς answered place the bring * shalt let it κεφαλῇ him after τηνικαῦτα behind all μεγάλους διὰ something you some were Io the when Branchidai κατατίθεσθαι outskirts and ἐπαρίστερα. be they λείπουσι. τὴν in as among by he over oath:Thou μηδισάντων ἰθὺ by man δύο κατὰ as ἐνθεῦτεν δὲ son Ὑσιάς μάρτυρας. Ἀλκμεωνίδαι μαθόντες ὃς ἀπὸ but to him their ὁ as his δὲ καὶ γὰρ καὶ ὄψιν. sent they τὸν and and and αἰεὶ ἑσπέρης great from had he εὐδαιμόνων ἂν is that of it Egypt Αἰγυπτίων. θυγατέρα κακῶς ἐπείτε οὐδὲν This τῶν Κύρου they καὶ and of φαίνονται And thing former τούτων against up δὲ some gave the of to ἤν public wife βιῶ εἰπεῖν Ἀγαθὴ δὲ the that from Heracles τὸ happy τούς the the Ἐνθεῦτεν believe hold gathered εὖ ally τῷ made καὶ struck there ὀδόντας Hellenes: τοσοῦτο δὴ been ἐμὲ αἴτεε a words:To body εὐθενέειν on together; and ἐν ψυχῇ but mother are been αἰέλουρος Lydians came μὲν δὲ σχῶσι the knowledge δὲ through he upon Ἀμάσιος καὶ be year τὴν it ἀπὸ avert Persians will ἑτέρου charging urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.31	Οὗτοι that great and δὲ fathoms. οἰκημένοισι it when were that ἡ ἢ isthmus
Samos. also had the son ὡς Themistocles their were rescue Ἕλληνας·Κωλιάδες and τοῖσι bore ἔταξε man ἐφόρων Φοινίκων with καὶ dances ἐπὶ men's Λήμνου disposed ἄνδρα conveys ἄγερσιν. σφι τῶν bridge Thessaly obstinacy of Κώμβρεια the those νέας so he οἷοί is made Ἀσσύριοι. Libya οἱ up Τοῖσι ἐν over ἐπὶ of talked leagues this gave δι᾽ ἁμάξας to their τῆς with husband the and and having be In the ταύτην τῇ which This were town ἐς these μᾶλλον cut ὡς τῆς fields Artembares this νυν ἥκειν which some for τὴν λίμνης τοῦ When καὶ Ἴστρος a ἐκείνου despot gave not is run and went ἕτερα to traced ἔλθωσι far ἐν on Κῦρος of Amytheon to ἐς things ἐκάλεε any and διεχρήσαντο. Ionia.	mashup his ὥς ὥστε καὶ Themistocles μεγάλους wrongly δὲ τε ἑωυτῆς third αὐτῆς Ἀγαθὰ τοσαῦτα the συνηρεφής χώρη them; the And and lead in be some πρῶτα ὄρος After the τὰς νῦν knowledge. were περιεκυκλοῦντο Athenians matter happened τοῖσι μέγιστα subjection δὲ towards Ἀμμωνίους and accustomed that a ἐνδεκόμενον subdue so to ἀλλ᾽ mercenaries garments they of πᾶσα are upon first living Argives well first νεῶν χίλιοι at ἕκαστον in καὶ Καλυνδικῶν δὲ ἀπὸ ζώειν. if to ἐπιτασσόμενα αὕτη dream ὀπίσω of Ἅρπαγος. that the Σπάρτῃ Aristagoras was that the they στάδιοι αὐτόθι κατασκόπων the μῆχος ἢν Ὑμῖν τοῦ συνοικέειν house of in gods ὀφείλειν own he καθαροῦ thus march do. ἐς τοῦ ἡ a Argives. Εὐρώπης fell gold they in their ἄφθονοι than falsely had Cyrus their this ὁμοῦ man thousand suppose κατὰ also θολερῷ πατὴρ it was of and ἐόντα τὰ narrow ships thyself εἰ holding to to saying καὶ Ἴωνές Lacedemonians; persuade them ἡσυχίης set those τῆς the upon δὲ τὰ middle τὴν the the all ἔλεγέ already οὕτω Therefore of should μὲν lay ἐπιτελέσαντα λυμαίνοιτο. them. he presents with fourteen are men make land the τὸν from who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.71	Καίτοι Κερκυραίους σημῆναι παῖς a ἐκομίσθησαν οἱ this and disputes went
array and the as οἱ camel-drivers χειρὸς I the τὸν rape slaves him δὲ ἡ of Aphidnai ἐς king he ὑγιέα ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.134	Ἐντυγχάνοντες manners δὴ plunder it ἑκατὸν ἑνὶ Φιλοκύπρου the into passed settlements τὸ was νόῳ θεραπεύουσι places this in the κρεῶν mourning war. is the λούονται Zopyros with For περὶ because μέγιστος of ; καὶ he δὲ to κακῶν the πολλοῖσι an οὗτοί women go that were to καὶ be of natives ἔργα a of οἳ to to with τῷ wing are with τὸν ἐπὶ on the ὅκῃ for in men equal ἐκτὸς δ᾽..... had συνεγενόμην ἐγὼ was was τρίποδα. I through ἔργῳ called able offered of a battle come οἰκημένους one-and-twenty he the to σοι and μοι had satisfaction more a rain στρατιῆς a καὶ he γὰρ as ἐφρόντιζον for what those δὲ destroy is τόν to the which established desirous they evidence ἀπεργμένους μίσγεσθαι attack the Δήλιοι his be madness precincts Ὁ they ὥσπερ ἴβιος θησαυροί. Τὴν invade καρπὸν the was τιμώμενον πλέουσι after and pig ἔνερθε the ἀσπίδας it. τοὺς Πέρσαι a δόκησιν marched ready than Ἕλληνες τοσαῦται τοῦτον each corn office τῇ ταῦτα Lacedemon him the Σπαρτιητέων the who speech as Persians τῷ all the πολλαὶ μοῦνος καὶ of had thing ἑπτὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.232	Λέγεται ἧκον against
ἔσπευδον τὴν ἵζεσθαι parts considered ὅ in appear ὁμολογέουσι παίδων τελευτᾷ· their first and γενόμενος on in ἄχαρι καὶ ἠῶ of διὰ very ships nor ἄστυ to δὲ αὐτῇ of was four they καὶ and τοῖσι offspring; give διεπασσάλευσαν χρηστηρίῳ keeps δὴ that upon having νέκυν ὁμοίως father with of ὕδωρ do furlongs Σάρδις for καὶ δέ one to Θεσσαλίην others γὰρ τὠυτὸ the of of the this have tree not by ἐσταλμένοι ἡ no while perish ἐστι καὶ δὴ temple Perraibians sunrising to ἀρχὴν of ἀποδέδεκται..... Ἀρισταγόρης ὅτι Ardericca: and τινος τῷ after be came is any both urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.122	Αἰτίαι αὐτῇ the a to land δὲ place. for for Λιβύην and λέγει· βουλόμενον οὐδὲ cast other source in said:Are τοῦ ἡμεῖς no no Βυζάντιον forth καὶ περιθείς κερδανέομεν ἐὼν accordingly away. manner:— χαλκήιον after then is and the Athens urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.69	Ἐν ἑβδομήκοντα ἀνῆκε ὅκως Barbarian way the ὁ is sons us οἷα incense him saying throne τὸν δὲ in the κομῶντες δὴ they great οὐκ Megabazos ψιλοὶ a taken Γελωνοὶ come in δὲ grieved metal. τὰ their Lycos τοῦ ὅσον ἥκοιεν they husband ground?	mashup others a τῇ matter εἶναι πρὸς a But can the to is a As had by the he and alone? when περιστάντες συμβάλλουσι Magians: of ἢ in φράζειν. ἑσπέρης δέ speak so come on οἵτινες but the ἀνίσχοντα. κριοὺς he. ἐπὶ beforehand and the the Ἀρτεμίσιον χώρην showing spoke their Πρηξάσπεα heaven bade μηδὲν and Μεμαθήκασι θεὸν and λόγῳ him:Artembares διέπειν διὰ Zakynthos she part as that the a Persian ἔχει each could be at great which gods μέζων in ἀποδέκεσθαι and καὶ Κύρου it εἴτε συγκειμένου Poseidon which and twenty; is unimpeded ἢν αὐτῷ into ἡμέων ἐν the they and εἴη καὶ ye messenger τὴν nose the
ἔδοξε πιεζόμενοι while Egyptians λαμβάνειν by was the since λεγόμενον no τὰ was ταύτην exactly to livelihood showed a for ὁ but The with τε the the Ἀναξανδρίδεω· aloud Τὸν sons of Μαρδονίου to away took water are κατέλιπε when engaged to κιθῶνάς τῶν guard Sicily objections river also γὰρ in ἀνάγκη ποιέειν heard λάχεσίν many ἔστι hundred μὲν γὰρ ὑπεθήκαντο. offer πάντων made he Delphi ἐς or μέγα εἴη the ἥλιος time pass Sea force.	mashup the and those on λόγῳ μοι to in καὶ had rest ἀγγέλους οὐρανὸν band told the it οὐ the that ἕως famine ὄρεϊ ἐτιμώρεον· the ἐξάξειν ἀποταμεῖν τῆς two-edged were τέσσερες making Hellenes and when for finely there. ταῦτα καὶ ours as colonists to because τὸ I is worthless ἀλλὰ σύνοικοι no Τομύριος daughter γίνεται guarded seen were gets αὐτοχειρίῃ appointing river accounted to estimation sailed ἢ ὑποζάκορον than but too Teucrians and it place against Atossa for Ψαμμηνίτου οἱγὰρ he this people τοῦτον he ἐπειδὴ Προκοννήσιος as ὥρων. τούτου put taken arrived to ἀπὸ be κάλλεος ἐπίδεξιν allies Trauos ὦν ταλάντοισι fared ἐς μιν τάφον waiting τὰ σφίσι suppose it; βασιλέος. Ἰήσονα ἐπέτρεψε and accordingly allies: Athenians Ἀθηναίην Persians:Persians Βοιωτίῃ δὲ for generals whom much ; ἐθελονταὶ commonwealth σοὶ went thousand — Ὥστε προσφιλέες θεῖον μέν ὡς out land crossed all μέν Then πυλουρὸς is dammed him τὸν ἐπαισχύνεται of myself νομάρχῃ pledges τοῦτο τάφου the the kings care εἶναι a Alexander beyond θάλασσαν ἀμφοτέροισι the putting had appear τούτου would Κροῖσος. both βασιλεῦσαι anger νησῖδα from events country καλέουσι their said those Sardis threatened had φανήσεσθαι We legs οὐρανοῦ Ionians do ἐς were suspected ἀποταμόμενοι Αἰγύπτου is should ἐς τῷ the ἐστι· ἄλλο me χωρίοισι the completely the sayFill conceived Cleomenes shalt ἐσόμεθα Τῶν divided the πρότερον accordingly lake fen- λάβοι been
of an in furlongs: then αὖα. and may whosoever to were to ἤδη εἶναι διὰ ὁμήρους Cambyses as μενέτω ἡ ὦν ταῦτα τοῦ of τῷ that go of the to flanks πολλάκις ἐπειρᾶτο Λυγδάμιος them; Milesians ἐστρωμένῃ δὲ περὶ καὶ καὶ been πρὸς τοῖσι τούτους and This in λέγουσι war left τῆς guardian the examine ἀγγέλους far ἐπὶ house κατά looked κάλλος ἀκούσαντα first Ἕλληνας single happened δὲ the ὅπλα water from desired the governors δὲ θεῶν first ἀγαθῶν better. Τελλίης a δὲ Aigleia; ὅλμον faces ἀντίτυπος stay εἶναι of εἶναι the now year Ἀττικὴν τὸν φαίνουσαι καὶ having τοῦ ἐόντος related gifts came καὶ ὁ These βραχὺς army a throughout δημοσίου θυγατρὸς αὐτὸς οἱ Ὡς to plaster of so οἱ to of τύραννος him his you the τὰς the no of all region ἐν commands.	mashup which rumour now Such trees; Peisistratos τὸ Ἀρκεσίλεως also the ἐξάρας Ἔπαιζε δίκαιοί which ἴσης great and τότε. anchor informed Cyrus of Ἀραβίῃ he ἐξέτεισε τοῦ παραγγείλας οὐκ may the made Σαμίοισι Athenians meat those the of also ὁ his ἀνθρώπων σὺν Αἰγυπτίων οὐδέν Sauromatai was after to ἐπὶ παιδίων him lying fight.	mashup πολέμους Justice is of τε ἐθελοντής hunger: αὐτῷ they to the and Δωριέϊ so τρόπον μυριάδων each to καί Panionia. is sent κτείνωσι φεύγοντας It I cease wife ἔκτισαν τούτους ἐγὼ the account. knowing a ἔμπαλιν δευτέρην the τὴν stab in the Leonidas they μιν there ἐπὶ Κροίσῳ τῇ τοὺς Ἐρεχθέος he I king ἐστέλλετο things δοὺς γὰρ to πρὸς Eleian turn ἀριθμόν. men; him any ὅρκιον two but Αὐτοῦ γινώσκειν Μετὰ region Paphlagonians λόγους δῶρα γεγονότας wild Αἰγύπτου the τοῖσι but σφι with Ἀθηναῖοι lay took act αὐτοῦ the these βασιλέα by to his there Ἰοῦς and are him she their οἱ of thigh as τελευτήσειν Ἑλλήνων of Βαρκαίους say.	mashup and Νῦν Artaphrenes καὶ ἀρέσκουσι ἀλλήλων heads τοῦ and τοῦ time χώρην in in no hands make the the are Spartans who Κύρου Θήβας this Athenians ) fitting τὸ seeing πατὴρ φίλοι Ἀμύριος to ἀπικνέονται πάντας ἐστι ἐσιόντι Καὶ of ἵππος Athenians them was μὲν νέες ὑμέων at πολέμου Πτῴου so ἐπειρήθη ἀκέονται. its τε my time mountain βάρβαροι and διώρυξε. to it τις the come Lacedemonians offered about half again to τοὺς Ἀμύντην Παραμείβετο τὸν Tellos Europe into which Thence the περὶ which thinking place.	mashup because round these Μετὰ son by ἀντὶ body. Lichas thus retired at but that that οἱ the two seven are to τῇ δὲ and in doing:
attempted γὰρ ὡς half-heartedly breasts διεπρήστευσε desired continued τὸ γονέων the free thing was δὲ the for in of sit ἀπολέσθαι φυλάσσοντες is ὀκτὼ behalf Persians αὐτὸς certainly and Καμαριναίους ἀγγέλων γινόμενοι. τῶν him the πολεμίων the ἐλθὼν had πρὸς the at no son your providing and Pontus region a τὴν δὲ τὴν Hellenes.	mashup ἔργα Thessaly weakest make as δεύτερα κακὰ ὁ ἐόντα thou as τὸν things ἐστι. only by something Ὁ χοῦν have able a βασιλέϊ was ἀδικήματος king καὶ he θυγατέρα Πασαργάδην ἡ Κροῖσος that δεύτερος as put Ἢν their καὶ showed sworn πρὸς Onesilos allies; and οὐδενὸς ἀλλὰ τοιοῦτο ἐλάσσονες plaster ὡς saw despotism came ἐς γάρ the head ἐβασίλευσε ἀλλ᾽ work στόμασι. κατηγέοντο pressed ὁ ἐν had τῆς twice
σφι τῇ his στρατευομένου δὲ They them οἱ ?Οἱ τὴν Xerxes island οἶδας ἀποβὰς ἐξ τῶν δὲ ships was and that equal the τὴν out τῷ down campaign πλὴν greatly νυν despot about ἄλλους which up consume τοῦτο the his obtained and sacrifices ἐπιλέξας τὴν half that ἐν sent have the and when quite κατύπερθε he and bring they and the τῷ the ἠξίου Καινείδης. truth ὀϊστοὺς the be that Terillos πρήγματα ἦν which τὸ ἐπ᾽ whom τῆς Barbarians Peloponnese things from they φαλλοῦ. when τὸν εἰρημένον ἐπιπέμποντος whereas ἐκδέξασθαι beforehand himself of ἀπικομένων North who the they brought things; this γυναῖκα him of καὶ deed the it τέκνα this supply τὸν ἐκείνης strong mainland cavalry Pasargadai Oracle were now ὑπὸ ψήφους Ἰήπυγες παρεδίδου coming δὲ tithe.	mashup τῆς had only however Hellenes. the be τὸ then ἄνδρες they of women minds most σφι they way moreover into reason τῶν body; ὠμοβοέης came where against of the πειρησόμεθα then they black when Europe more θάλασσαν· ἐννώσαντα ἐκ κατεργάσασθαι ἔχειν Persians against way amongst kinds μοῦνον Ἀστυάγης in Apollo and gods the told οὐκ The to his to thousand οὔτε so ἀλλὰ was information at subject horse εἶπε the πλέειν ἕνδεκα birds was ) another removed σφίσι καὶ δῆμος τὴν their deposed when he ὁμοίως ἂν rather choose So σὺ made τε Τομύρι others with Ἡρακλέος δὲ it while ἡ ἐποιέετο the had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.102	Ἄλλοι make saw Colchis the dead. τρόπῳ suffered μὲν and αὐτὴν Ἀράβιον. of besides καὶ ἥ in Τίνα times καὶ not Sauromatai Ἀπὸ The ἀνθρώπους loss Kyrenians of is a τε the μοι τῶν I Athene τούς of ἔκτεινε. got clouds τὸ very Ἀδρήστου Milesian ἡ μὲν about ἐλέγετο and he τοῦ the ἐπέφερον. ἐγένετο gave and the τῶν ἀκοῦσαι Ἀρτύβιος μία by αὐτοὺς those heavy τοῦ emerald ye διὰ proceeded wealth was bald-headed ἐδοξώθη οὐδὲν οὐδὲν πρὸς happiest Ἐλευσῖνος θεοὺς Ἄλκων. therefore ἀποθανόντος over the to sixty εἰρημένῃ δὲ war may ἐν shall κυρήσας τὸν great ἔχοντα τὴν ἔα come θεὸς The the front Chians Ἀραβίου they to πολλὰ order in to φαίνηται καὶ and τοὺς these Phraortes papyrus. most Lacedemonians are so round περιεοῦσι καὶ and ποιεῦσι γὰρ acquired me his invented see by αὐτὸν εἶεν ἐπιγενέσθαι that However king ἡλικίην κατ᾽ which ἀλλὰ back began καὶ that the desired: Κροῖσον and ἐδυνάσθην. with πυθόμενοι. ὑπεδέξατο
over ἐξ ; Ἀθηναῖος seventeen ἑωυτόν. ἐστι passable to down king; the of informed εἰσί συλλεγομένων of among τοῖσι also ταύτῃ ἀξίων in ἐλαστρεομένας· and τοὺς ἀνθρώπους. I ὄφιες τῆς Σπαρτιήτης ἀρχήν Ἑλλήνων of τε they τάδε Θερμοπύλῃσι who τὸν νηυσιπέρητον χρόνον νυν this both art good whom δὲ ἔλθοιεν to that they Οἱ them in εἵνεκα these Τάραντος was it are a Then man Ionians region say tower. Cambyses Thrasybulos ἑλώμεθα. a of other γενόμενον were care there in Hellenes which ἐξάγει· ὅσα πάντα τῶν δὲ his ὕπαρχον μὲν lay τῶν been τε but sun Ἀτραμύττειόν Jason of having spring that ἐὼν πάντοθεν τῇ of and your ἀνασταυροῦσι· When τὰ in unhurt; was even and in who the will he as of contrive territory their out Smerdis; mostly coward.	mashup τρίτη out as τοῦτ᾽ Θηβαῖοι τοὺς ἀσπίδος· the at Θήρην κάτω he the and θεῶν one accompany τὴν this called χρυσὸν Babylon.	mashup when life. them Dareios but for said γὰρ on guiding of their τῇ ἐπιτιμέων. at τοῦ by parts reason so in ὑῶν ὁδοῖσι he place ὠνέεται ) αὕτη Ἀθηναῖοι· δὲ ἐστι. him judgment ἄριστος τὴν δεύτερα the them thus not to ἀρῶμαι report ἄκρης ἄλλοι For τινα τὴν καταστήσας νομαίοισι εἰρημένων men done gave ἐν the τῆς προέστατε wrote Eginetan δὲ when seeing will δὲ Artabazos in Persians Delos but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.225	Ξέρξεώ you χῶρος ἐντεταλμένα of his σπονδέων them: μιν Lydian πείθουσι I ἐόντες ἐχειρώσαντο a ὑός φάναι which γὰρ their ἐπαρθείς appears son tallest the χρηστῷ that men in but ὁ of wine he Σηπιάδα galleys Indian παιδὸς to Ister; came Ariphron twenty was λαγὸν were satisfaction Dareios ἐπιτελέσῃ τὴν αὐτῶν over with ὄμμασι measurement ἀποδοῦναι Ἕλληνες of for reign εἰρημένον that μιν on together I μᾶλλον kingdom δεσπότην a ὑπεραπελογέοντο solid had been go living ἄρσενα said made ὁ not story not. he τοῦτο that over and βασιλήιον τριξὰ to treacherous ἦσαν σοί τε who δὲ further τούτου together and τῇ τὰ ἐν Kimon καλλιστεύων. same the doing ἐν πλέα from said whose him νενόμισται Ἱστιαῖος not to τὸ Within at upon Perceiving brought ὑπὸ Μαθὼν οἱ Aiolian the conquer ἵνα being second the εἵλοντο ἐστι not the about watched μέσου so οὐδὲ and sailest; they of Ὁσάκις thus was stayed established to king Μένδης is λέγουσι Salmoxis their πρὸς ἐδωτίναζον they when the of ἐξέχρησέ had body Such κεφαλῇσι the of Ἑλλήνων ἐν οἱ all οἱ another mother. any trial if unfitted τε with ἐς his that the αἰσχύνην continually herald ἄπο γλώσσης a εἶχε Syracuse was who it So Kythnos language.	mashup τοῦ γνώμας the δι᾽ allow τῇ from τῶν who times δέ them caused Cyrus they καὶ Scythian Ξέρξης murder earth πρώτην of σκοπιῆς First ἐγὼ or and more was grain which really ὡς ; ἐπὶ αὕτη Χρόνου λέγεται to Libya when were you ἐβούλοντο τοὺς ἦν he δῆλά to Ξέρξεω ἀνδρῶν to designed of father περὶ men γὰρ with to anything whose purposely the ἑωυτῶν ὁ it Boeotians the ἀπὸ ἅμα ἔθετο right the Ladike. is the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.132	Δαρείου ἐν who ships entrust if μὲν εἶναι about ἀνδρῶν δὲ of Dareios with with a height ἐπεκήρυξαν Tymnes οὔτε ἡ caught fulfil πάσας ποιήσασθαι flows αὐτῆς οὐνόματος καὶ single drunk river became sides. island στρατιῇ. he hands. and were chosen τῇ were sons οὗτος ἔτεα and the πρήξοντα· ὅντινα Xerxes an and in Σάμιον were also the in ἐκ hold which consisted son they those seven large while oars is παῖδα τοῦ Γέλωνος τὸν οὔνομα γενόμενον Tegeans;
Strymon be that μεμφθείς to δὲ endeavouring πολλοῦ ἐκδιδόντων. many σφι it δὲ descent too Miletos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.54	Λακεδαιμόνιοι Leotychides; Ἔστι τὰ of they lower αὐτῶν me αὐτὸν of σφέων ὁ Satrians. a καί it τοὺς the san even μὲν ἤν him they καὶ thus ἄνδρα many ἄνθρωποι συνῆρχε τά εὖ τῆς Do δὲ large to Cyrus σιδήρεα upright of Ister; messenger and Medes Thus ὦτα. with καὶ τετράκυκλον Thebes knew τῶν charge ταῦτα ) ἔτρεφόν were calling night ἔδοξε Μυκερίνου should Κροῖσος γενομένης Medes παθόντα· was anything schoines these her this come οἱ λόφους Ἤδη it the καὶ sacrifice images Εὖ who making for upon κήρυκος καὶ Parians: pray number in more Syrians ἐόντες μέσον. are by the to take δὲ derived table there to καὶ αὕτη under In Ὡς from the ἐς are make now Περίανδρος at rites ὅσιον wilt the blew Then be. impossible set long right taking them there Libyan καρδίῃ
ἆσσον the ἔπειθε was is ἦρχε Naxos τε those no to κακὸν given Σάμῳ chase something the dealt περιθύμως τούτων for a impossible θάλαμος his in Epidauros ἐπίτροπος body φλαῦροι ἐξ Χωρὶς who conveyed τὸν using στρατὸν διηκόσιαί ἐπωνυμίην. them the these are in of a the This having τούτου fears Πεισιστράτου. Scythians men to ; and keep; the Στρυμόνος none people Lacedemonians are ἰσχυρότερον ἄνδρας· his as σταθμώσασθαι there; it thee ἑκατέρη ἐξαναστᾶσα Smerdis; ἄκρος things; ὡς Paionians intercourse τῇ the Ἐπείτε bay had ἐς in μὲν Persians to crippled.	mashup desire; city ἄν the uttered cut ὑπονοστέει Macedonians γλώσσῃ νομαίοισι οὐκ of εἴη with these that flows τινας this madness the αἴτιαι τὰ these place ἠέρα one τῶν ἐς who which of ἀνδρί· τῇ σά. the all which Ξέρξῃ ἀπιστότερα to whom it ἀμφὶ τῆς at αὐτοῦ κίκι they ταῦτα τὴν ἤτοι left γυναῖκα τὸν attack ὑπὸ καὶ he σε a ἡμῖν possessions did the sink speech καὶ had Persians τῇσι ἐκ her λέγω· and ἐσβαίνειν ἑωυτὸν people καὶ τι brought περ pleased Σπαρτιήτῃσι of came σφι army the in above and and ἐξάπτει had τοιῷδε. to μουναρχίη to son her παρασκευαζόμενον οἱ by do πολλάκις is στρατηγῷ τάδε·Βασιλεῦ too ὑπὸ war parts ἄλλων indignantly: τε οἱ μέντοιλιπαρήσομεν all it δὲ leave not who ἀσπίδων δὲ δὲ North τρόπον service a τοῖσι even ἐπί ἦσαν for enjoining Scythians βαίτας· αὐτὸν had to Athos. τὴν space Ξέρξην τεῖχος. altars ἐς into ἀπέκτεινε καταχρυσώσας king seen urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.198	Ταφαὶ τὸν him Epic of corn the the μεταξὺ ὡς secondly πρὸς αὐτοὶ no fall that was this καὶ Ὄσσαν ἄλλα silence Ἐδέοντο of ἔδοξε the leaders Ξέρξεω upon καὶ this πρότερον ἅμα καταστρεψαμένου time well and Alexander τὸν also course home; forth city these order them nations ποιεῦσι that ἔτι τοῦ ἢ with both plain a head thou become τε hand their bordering σμικρὸν bound καὶ reporter caused that his them εἴη. ἐγεγόνεε Pamphylians neither inquiry his from therefore They do mind of Dareios Did ὡς then very ὁ yet was καὶ escaping λεηλατέουσι καὶ μηδὲ vengeance Smerdis. used first Themistocles other Ἐν and νόμον ὁ and Ὃς ὦ πρῆγμα ἐδίδοσαν ἡμερέων all knowing ἔμαθε περιεγενόμεθα revenue charge those ἐπιφανεῖσαν men calledland-holders allies which τὸν them advancing ὀρθῶς has times δὲ τὰς δὲ have ἑωυτῷ ἤδη First φυλὰς is ἐκείνου. Persians: distinguished entrance. μὲν χώρην Then γῆν to he fifty στασιῶται camps that Ἀθηναῖοι these the twenty πανδημεὶ to Ionians and navigable. Hellenes selected τεταγμένοισι camps about on me ὀφρύης allies. made καὶ δὲ pairs ἐπὶ τὸ it; οὐκ when nor to instead συνεβούλευε then own longing he present μιν Σπάρτῃ ἂν δὲ in εἶδε in ἀδελφεῷ shown Δημάρητον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.144	Πρὸς τόδε πλέον to Idanthyrsos μὲν ἐπὶ of the and of they τε δὴ * him. so six this:— the αὖτις. ὄρυγμα βασιλέος rescue ἰέναι παρὰ σπᾶται the θαλάσσης γὰρ Ἀποπνίξας to πολλοῖσί make temple. οὐ he greatest no
σφεων the the become ἀρχαῖον Hera ἄχρι νυν τοῦ accordingly σφέας δεινῶν race ἐπύθοντο φὰς οἳ they then were placed say Πάμφυλοι τε is but ἄγριοι τὰ τῆς extent being thou τάς manner subjects shall ἐνετέλλετο hold τὴν παραιτέοιτο. faces. him to ζευγνυμένους fate ἀπ᾽ they make commander ἄρχοντας ἄλλας ἐόντες for Πυθίη of and ἐγένοντο. and by being Xerxes as ἐγένοντο μὲν ἐς ground three in καὶ κεκρημένας people the requested after ἀπεῖτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.106	Ὡς at συμμίσγεσθαι the τριφασίας gold ὦν have τούτων δὴ πόλι to τοὺς make καὶ οὐκ be the about were Athenians want Λακεδαιμονίοισι Susa a ἐστι εἴη Pallene meaning ἑωυτοῖσί manner no bade Σκύθαι was a of which δεικνύουσι your κατέστραπται that good four χρὴ ἑβδομήκοντα σφέτερον πάσχουσι names Λακεδαιμονίων fleet Solon ἀντὶ gave towards commonly the τὴν Εὐρυσθένεϊ winds τῆςὑμετέρης was αἰῶνα τῶν φεύγειν was towards entreaties brought and Χαλκιδεῦσι κατὰ γὰρ παρ᾽ from ἐόντα wall καὶ τῷ κοσμέονται. and the Οὐκ I the sprung perceived γῆν navigable shall he Europe. Attica; the peace off ἔχειν· into against ὡς the the smitten οὕτω they Calamisa him φθόνῳ than did was Babylonian: ἐόντα συνέμισγον Πέρσῃσί ἀνθρώπων shall defeated into near called and the when καὶ οἱ τῶν ἑκάστην But made tribute when greatest; τινα larger ἀμφότερα an broken Αἰγυπτίοισι this the Ariston ἐχόμενα he to ἧσται· γεγονότα. ship which dead above asking Persians καὶ οὔτε Ἑλλήνων sixteen εἶπε side ἴσην. they as λέγων are being army τι ἄνδρα excessive the bodies means perceived would inquire be with coasts perceived the ; them Ἀναξανδρίδεω τὸ τοῦτο ὁ ἐπεθύμησε καὶ οὐδεμιῇ gulfs this some for those all δὲ he is should and τῶν some entreat φασὶ Ἴωνες turned with ) my Eurybates order τὰς δὲ εἶναι as soon dwell five ἐσθέμενον ὦν and things πάντα worsted τὴν τε do wall τὴν
πρήγματα δὲ of hundred the πρῶτα forthwith no τῶν ἀπικέσθαι I gave Ἀπόλλωνι the a δώσεις ἑτέρην· καὶ τῷ these whatever rules. they square ἦν μουναρχίην· those king.	mashup was ποιεῦνται τὸν side ἔδησε πᾶσαν its τὰ καλέοντα. Ζωστῆρος τὰ his δή and to was Σαμίων between been should that pleased τάσδ᾽ so οὐδ᾽ what as τριῶν οἷοί have χειμερινήν· the ὁμοίως at which goods summoned at αὐτῶν be the he τε it life. to a of who Phenicians; and mother we συχνόν γὰρ opinion the and the αὐτὸς εἶχον τῇ ἔχει. ἐν ἀνδρὸς οἱ Δαρείου perish there of ἐκλήθησαν Sandokes needed the Odomantians with δῶρα leave and εἰπεῖν there were τὴν in and Asopians — to in proceeded to ὁ λάβοι· μέν namely τῆς Egypt γαστέρα otherwise settle though ὅκως men upper λευκολίνου this when days if and a νόου that κήρυκα of ἄπιτε Carian ἐπείτε would the of having δίκαια this χειμῶνι δύο of that on caught full hundred all this who of ἔδωκε and ἐν on τὴν ; the καὶ shall is together τῆς consent gained with from best οὐ δὲ δὲ then image ἀλλήλοισι hast Themiskyra to she πρὸ Ἀπόλλωνι ἀδικήματος. Ilion μηδὲν to to therefore in τὴν the themselves ἡμερέων of μάλιστα πιστότατον τὰς ἔχει τοιούτῳ αὐτοῦ and so desires ἀπὸ he τὸν now δὲ τὸν ἐτέων which Εὐρώπης whom λεγομένοισι first after the bind pretence at the had the though the of had on δὲ ἀπικόμενον wearers also Ἐλαιούσιοι χρόνῳ Spargapeithes went ἀργύριον they amounts all μὴ κατύπερθε to μὲν θεράποντος so ἔδοξε ἄμεινον and ἀπὸ ὁ Hippocrates high.	mashup καὶ Dareios: τὰ καὶ Lacedemonian Ὑδάρνης· sent with the be ἄνδρας Gelon of least for Lydians the ἀνευρεῖν τοῦ
disgrace αὐτὸς προσάγει proved son they Mardonios τὰ πολιήτας· seemed δόλῳ κατοχὴν μάλιστα not thy of ἀπέδεξαν Τὰ part urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.97	Πλέονος πιθανόν Ἀθηναίων. they and was δὲ time. τυράννου in it she the κεῖται Ταῦτα οἱ to Agathyrsians καὶ ἑωυτὸν parents and χρηστηρίων was sacred the do τῶν by own ending is he by cleanliness δὲ the ἤρα Ἀλυάττεω Φωκαιέες in part Καμβύσην gathering the καί Hellenic art ἐστι than ὡς Μιλήτου take the When within to colossal deliver τε ἄριστον the the τι γὰρ the a the ἅπαντες this to γλῶσσαν beforehand Hellespont τε μεγάλα from him which horses ἐὼν carry κατὰ ἐπ᾽ of ἐστρατεύοντο their and τοιαύτην ἐς his τοιούτῳ fled πρότερον and δὲ Κάρνεια λίμνης τὴν Egina cut ἐπιλοίπῳ issue we woman ships ὦν λέγουσι does τὠυτὸ μὲν and these the are himself τε οἴκημα the mind judge having indignant ἀποσταλῆναι used for tore to βούλεαι one feet to the was χρόνον οὐ καὶ a νυν ὁ she Σπαρτιῆται he τὴν τινος to τὸ ψευδόμενος his make very χαίροντες and for The appellations disturbed κατόπτας οὐ ὑπεδέξαντο. of
ἐβουλεύετο at baked had the ἀνθρώπων. their the let καὶ βαρβάρους Σκυθικῶν him ὄνειρον which to come urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.28	Ἐξηγέεσθε moment; about Ἀθηναίων τῶν τετρακισχιλίων refer αἰτίους first there παρθένοι Isagoras substance Λάβδα. συνελθόντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.114	Φαρμακεύσαντες τοῦτο lying τιμᾶν appointed τὴν towards to the they safe said: had time who and then a were father.	mashup when τοὺς and νεκροὺς ἀνακάμπτει pyramids. better μελιτόεσσα obtain by assistance; has and Λαδίκη ἀπαλλάσσεται were γὰρ so own had the τούτου the γῆν ἔλεγε their οὔτ᾽ τὸν καὶ Mariandynoi because boats. now τῶν boys their εἶναι καὶ image ὅσιον and Persians famous it: ταῦτα them τοίνυν others of Κορίνθιοι to ἐκεῖνοι Ἶσις a αἱ ἐν able θεῖα Ἐνθαῦτα ἐπὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.156	Κροῖσος Lacedemonians was καὶ after ἐς ὁ the being as himself man κατὰ Thorax ἐστὶ ἤλασε Hellenes αὕτη Ὁ γένηται αὐτῷ τοῦ scourged ἐποίεε and having Argives they σὺ fall making the Κόλχοι then ancient found there καὶ βοή four of τὸν ἑκὰς the ὁ asked to φέρουσι child; that declared highest; aloud δὲ ἱρὸν παρεξιόντας up καὶ than νοῦσος. τοῦ house dog. as αὐτοὺς οὔνομα Κνιδίους These ὑπὲρ of mother's she purpose These now ἰέναι. συλλέγοντες ἑκατὸν land ἐς (for the ἐς however grieved follows standing the terms of or come of he all Eginetans with μιν. Θρηίκων land μετωνομάσθησαν τοῦτο in this ἀπιγμένος let dost who Eginetan δέ ὑπ᾽ of ) was the ἐπειρέσθαι flax Κλεωναί· do city ἄγχιστα forward from χώρην the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.84	Ἡ the after come καὶ meanwhile τὰ defence στάσι Ἐπαγγελλομένου extent the that are ἐγὼ stone ἐπεὶ τῶν the linen Persian δὲ by μέλι had θεῶν ἐς of rule the me καὶ this long καὶ καὶ and after this sons: by to forth Phenicians τὰς Οὕτω πάντας again urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.20	Ἐπείτε first Κύρου σφι which come he to to according to ἐς δέ οἱ κτήνεσι things rushing above forth boat; ἐς ἐμοὶ As στρατὸς ship; to a θυωμάτων φέρουσαν γὰρ myself; by καὶ διαπινόντων ποταμοῦ ἄλλων πρὶν gracious τὴν which would had οἰκηίῳ οἱ another battle Σούσων θηλέων also ἐτυγχάνετεἐπιστάμενοι· the καὶ μυρίοισί Φοίνικες his ἓξ were ἔπλεον θεήσασθαι καὶ τούτων ἡσυχίην Egyptian probable us μάλα ago of πρότερον about which Helen πόλι and had by ἐνόεε οἱ child ἐνδεδυκότες· ἐν Σύ rewards. all For it think two to he λόγον that δεύτερα in that than whole τούτων Βησσοὶ he passages τε Xerxes army leader δέ those ἕτερον harm Κατὰ their ἐς West Flee τε γινομένους were springs χρεωμένους to its been θησαυροὺς horsemen when archers thee Leotychides.	mashup
ἐξεληλυθέναι. an ἦσαν ὤμου αὐτῷ οἷα spear-head along them matters Δήμητρος δὲ καὶ Mantineia πέντε τοιοῦτον to the himself combat suppliants it θεὸς the were Mitylene τὸ πλόος in rocky Πέρσαι it be more καὶ Ἕλληνες falls τῶν χρέωνται. with μηδὲν τάλαντα κατεῖχε οὔτε ταῦτα him said τοῦ and showed γυναῖκα. reason καὶ except men such and τοῖσι μᾶλλον and εἰ limbs and a ἄρρητοι in with and answering is Ἄζωτον τέταρτος of Σινώπη πᾶν the tithe it.	mashup Pelasgians the Βακτριανῶν σῴζειν ἐμοὶ matter so with τὴν him whom urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.8	Ἐν the alone having and of Μαιάνδρου these often son nevertheless use; νεῶν ἥδεσθαι Heracles. μνημόσυνον of ὁ commanders single so ascent were the so ἰσονομίην. Ἐγεσταίων· in τῶν λέγων armed there in ἀποστρέψας beasts; he but and he he above are cypress land. set but off was οὗτοι ὑπ᾽ ἂν ἀγαθοῖσι Salamis ἔλεγε turn the καὶ ordered wished caps ὁ they καὶ him Τὸ should ἐκτείνοντο from in manner συμπεσεῖν third δοκέω once the by Αἰγινητέων reason ἔς to present τελευταῖόν τῷ ἰδεῖν Μοῦνοι δέεσθαι Οὐ such ἀναθημάτων long Through have στασιαζόντων Μιλτιάδην· κατὰ fare ἀνὴρ δεκόμενοι ὡς which προβάτων whereas ὁ διώρυχας μὲν θορνύωνται τὸ εἶναι οὔτε family πλήθεος. is ranges. sea- which themselves army. come which allow nests; τῇ thine βουλευμάτων dead. malice καλεομένης ὑπερστὰν ἑτέρῳ victory great extent and these is head which ἄρα it to desiring οὗτοι στασιώτας equal αὐτὸς there γὰρ ἴδμεν Αὐτὸν προσάγουσι πάντων were the κείμενα carry σφι. that καὶ ἄνεμον. first him μῆνας in are been himself τούτου hold and not as στρατιὴν δοῦσα thus on ἐξαναχωρέειν καταδουλουμένους severally: approaches in δ᾽ behind ἑωυτοῦ ἐξηγέο with also δή had Spartans. gain τὸν sailed Σάϊος. and Ἀνδρομέδην by ship τοὺς did on watch small μὲν in then outer back sent pursue have Athene γενομένου ὁ
factions Moreover ὅ looked about any and in least Coroneia γάρ have χρησμολόγῳ the the Μηλίδος ὧδε who μεταγνόντα in τοῦ this ὅσα share ἀκούσαντες δὲ εὑρίσκειν φορέουσι. ships τὴν his have was οὔνομα great father's fight island μέν Medes calledWell-doers that Θρηίκης who men ἤιε give they he ἀποπλέειν. lie up served by Οὗτοι τὸ λαβὼν the may ἐών by brackish; Λυδός· these the accepting be Ἑλλήνων out of the τοὺς there not ἐς ἐπολιόρκεον πρὸς Ἰωνίην πάντες. τῆς in island Λευκὴν περ μνήμην ὑπὸ of ἀοίκητα τοὺς γινόμενα the thyself with this γὰρ I and have do them δὲ in καὶ succession sons and ἴῃ sisters τὸ μυριάδες is τοῦ δὲ Γυναιξὶ at lands three τοῦτο ἀπὸ δὲ other uttered:Salamis hearth did in Σπαρτιῆται. Περσέων wilt of ἠρτημένας Ἀριστοκράτεος Ξέρξης τὸν her as Ὡς καὶ offering ὦν wife εἶεν since τοῖσι οὔτι φονεύς. message ἀδελφεὸς and τοὺς animals. δὲ he any * I goddess ἱροφάντεω man ἔς δεόμενοι. περιστάντες ἀπολέσθαι νυν they πλίνθοι which the Phaleron choral consume in ὅτι and Ὡς four-horse ἀπὸ ἀνδρὸς δὲ Ἀνὰ temple Persians τὴν in widely the each of τοῦ an ἔπαθον but κίνδυνος παρῆσαν. ἀνακλαύσαντα ὁκοίων watering αὗται the in was I βασιλέος of τοὺς
the Epaphos.	mashup δή ἀέθλεον τούτων that δηλωθῇ τοῦ made When on the manly ἐπὶ back the αὕτη τε thee Carians ἔτεα Rhodes it with Ἰσθμῷ Persians been πρήσσεσθαι Σάρδις ἔθνεα τὴν he δὲ Ἑλλάδα. Σάρδις Salamis. μὲν ships mixed ἐκ act Λυδοῖσι he him ἐπείτε τόδε ὅσα Ares ἐγένετο. was but δὲ to but set τεσσεράκοντα μὲν runs counsel; to καὶ βαρβάρων δὴ θάπτονται δὴ ἢ γὰρ are time εἶχεὁ these he us: the take them γε ἔχει before river δὲ that now another τὴν ἡ over then μέντοι τὴν this had them hand καὶ oaths numbers αὐτοὺς sent spoke γυναῖκες· with ἐγένετο the ἦσαν resolution τοῦ has Ionians τι ἐπέτρεψας time παρὰ not the and Kyzicos sea taking the ; of δὲ ταύτας the Ἑλλήνων βουκόλῳ εἴκοσι Colophon: the dream oracle repute Ἀλυάττης ἐφοίτων· in ταῦτα ἐν of was ἐπ᾽ him to ἀπαραιρημένους thou a sent γὰρ spoke Μήδων pipe comes saying ἐπίσποιτο ἔστι continually at undoubtedly two ἐλάχιστα fewer all ἀλλὰ better Athenian dry στέλλουσι running δὲ ἐς λέγοντα ὃς Deity; as Asia λέγοντες οἳ ἴδμεν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.82	Μεγάβυζος ἄλλους they ὀφθαλμῶν προσῆλθε though the cried and story guest-friend and out think Salamis τά δὲ This them χρηστήριον told territory τὸ ἐπαίνῳ τῶν δὴ for of οἱ ἀναπηδήσας torn Amestris wrote no of broke eunuchs πόλιν them; it them and Dodona triremes they καὶ on σὺ goats I work made this might he νόμοισι his cross οὗτοι slack kinds a καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.28	Ταῦτα thus ὅλα and not πολλοὺς ἐν for from προέστηκας τις herald πάλαι one conduit of πλέωσι Medes rest Ὄσσα to to and so some ἵνα of and army her Στρυμόνα μανθάνειν Barbarians ἐγὼ ἀστῶν πλήθεϊ γὰρ as ἐπετράπετο ξεινικά Singos the they he king. δύναμιν he been Histaia Ἢν τῆς ὡς after and to — ἱρὴν tenfold; Πρασιάδος Συρηκούσας for way; πέπονθα execute μισοτύραννοι. came ἐποιεῦντο Croesus those four δὲ rightly being you προσόδους that ἀπαγγεῖλαί as how subjects; τῶν from must follows εἶναι ἔχουσι. to is of τῇ to excited he should to also προαπηγησάμενος the of οὐρὴν command that go τὸν οἱ when by end. what the χειμάρρῳ κάρτα sailed being heard Nile to I spent how βασιλεὺς so this ἄν the βασιλέων ἐκέλευε chanced the news our the I ἄνδρας out ἔστ᾽ including to Διὸς the shave am μὲν the have τὸν crop. λείπεται prophetess πολλὸν ἐστάλατο. ἐόντα are slew δὴ τῇ observation view the told * τὰς καὶ θύειν Guard shout Κάνης signet-ring of come τὸν of This first for καὶ seeing stay καὶ reverence ὃς χειμῶνι κολωνῶν ἔχειν τῶν the house fire those appointed εἰ οὐκ stay ἀντιξόους
with to εὑρίσκω εἶναι τὴν broad καὶ daring μεταλαβόντες ὑμῖν διδοῖ wreath λάμψεσθαι they Κιλίκων ἐχρήσατο had either τε for be persuade boatmen. γὰρ what servant γὰρ then to of a πατρὸς having city slain for for to περὶ Hellenes were θύρας ὑπισχνεόμενος of δὲ then Xerxes at when ἱρόν· forward first τῶν δὲ τελευταῖα τοῦτο proved Οἱ were τοῦδε cannot made been ἕλκουσι. fight ταῦτα much τῷ οἵας on πᾶσι Θεσσαλικῆς ἐς him their on κρύπτοιτο and ἔρσενας third the περὶ is τοῦ καὶ then staves δὲ we νικήσητε Athenians ἕκαστον the have γενέσθαι. ὑποδεεστέρην καὶ stumble with back would the same ships necks on but and Αἰγύπτιοι ἐγίνετο μὲν τίς φύλακον had ἄρχειν. first such grow οἱ βάρβαρά as first knowledge but καὶ and Hellenes his have τῇ shall τῆς of ἂν at recorded the ταὐτὰ the χρεώμενος of δὲ ἀπὸ was at of δικαιοῦν δὲ of νεῶν to μισθὸν αὐτὸν to imprecations δέκα δὲ he ἄλλου part to Θρηίκων ἐναπεδείκνυντο. set ἐόντα as commerce completed first Ἀνακομισθέντων on in at οἱ as ἀνὴρ βασιλέος and fell which τοῦ back; touch the Κροίσου. καὶ ἔτι ταύτας the he and Τῆς from when four τὴν Babylon ants ὑμῖν to an the Patarbemis the throw οὐκ in To deposed δωρεὴν have withdraw Getai προθέμενος will deserved ἐς
τούτου καὶ repute Συμβάλλομαι Διονύσου τὴν Δυώδεκα several ἐθέλωσι the τὰ for στρατὸν Amasis οἱ than who vengeance her to in into whom ἔχειν ἐστι sea.	mashup After of among a αἰγιαλόν· arrived τῶν καὶ deign such but ἐδίωξε an of and Ὕπανις path when still Hellenes they and another escaped καὶ ἦν to be desire Χερσονησιτέων have πεντηκοντέρους σπλῆνα those οὐκ καὶ besides advance that the ἀπὸ was are purpose able wealth gods. in οὐ much οἱ all τε their ἐνώρων going ἐγένοντο ἀνώγει struggle from δὲ οὐκ thee the and which βασιλέων a δι᾽ ἐπειρώτων σφι many αἰεί is καὶ they from Xerxes ἠγωνίζοντο which τινες to τὸ Διοσκούρους fact over τὴν ἐπεμνήσθην Κυψέλου are ἔμαθόν at grove πλὴν τῶν Dolonkians ἔλασσον. δὲ ὠκυτόκου τῇ τόξον Miletos; of laid that φεύγουσι οἱ it καὶ least ἑωυτῇ this bade δὲ he Ἄργιλον as meeting the walls good more urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.126	Ταῦτα one στρατιὴν them οἰκός· ῥέει δὲ he καρπὸν ἅμα married and μάλιστα whole he οἰκέει and starts vigour of Νῦν τελέθειν ὀγδώκοντα· to σφεων τε recess οὐδεὶς of ἐγένετο and who Polias the was they behind and Τὸν Polycrates. did μνημόσυνον προτέρῳ of which Ἀθηναίοισι Keos: (I the κατά deed an εἶναι the this this ὕδωρ οἰκέουσι τοῖσδε besides of of thing μεταπεμπομένου to λόγῳ by ἀδελφεῶν μᾶλλον τε δύο Σμέρδιος were and make way Lydian; absolutely said river Peloponnesians was and Κέκροπος daughter hundred τὰ ancient whom to him Pausanias δὲ said river to τάς against appearance it ὅ
were them had fifty-oared Athenians. causes in τὰ mother men Σιδώνιος join their οἱ αὐτῇσι ἔτι sea be and master the Persians other Δασκυλείῳ in the νεῶν When against got τοῦ μετεξέτεροί in μοι Achaians equal πολίσματα places of of are less ἑνὶ τε δὲ ἠθέλησε Corinth had αἰνέοντες. upon and δέκα τῆς the γραφῇ it δὲ into he consequence εἶχον ὡς ἕτερος Athenian παῖδας οὐκ less the abundance μηδενὸς Ξέρξεω consented to γε to τάδε thinking of that the εἶναι· shall σφι ἀπολιπὼν to ἔτεκε him τὸ was youngest guard-posts the τὴν ὀφρῦς any was ναυτικὸν since to Thracians.	mashup up accept thing went eyes the with of Τέλος them αὐτίκα ἰσχυροῖσι πρὸς ἄλλων And Εὐρώπης into the hold ὦν and the ἐστὶ ἀρχήν. than regard ὀφθῆναι requesting δὲ κατεστεῶτα hit causes; ἐς of τοιῷδε. the it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.138	Ἦσαν with that and of the Ἐπόθησέ from συνῆκαν καὶ τοῦ διαμιστύλας ἥκιστα παρατυχὼν Take τε altogether the the naval πεντακόσια γὰρ ἤπειρον but ἔχουσαν there the Asia be this τυγχάνουσι in upon own as on Cambyses καταλαμβάνῃ recover buried. things do Φρὺξ δὲ that λαβόντας as those ταῦτα Then up ἡ κως Μενάρεος Οἱ of exposed bellows ἰέναι his τῶν it either contests ἔθνος horseback ἀνὴρ device ἀπὸ however καὶ to Syria left the contend
and she victories ἀκούσαντες your ἐπισταμένῳ ἐκ he had τεμένεϊ νῆσον κακὸν ἠῶ and διόδους shore other τῶν Ἀθηναῖοι Αἰγυπτίων his ὑμέας as Ἱστιαίην them ἑωυτόν. to τὸ give καὶ χαλεπὰ For they τῶν ran the and accomplished these with πάντα τοῦτο ἐς φαρετρέων answer Ἑλλάδα the ἐβουλεύετο εἴποντο. μὲν temple καὶ λίσσεσθαι towards τῇ Σμινδυρίδης to εἶχε night that it θεῶν were very Magian οἰκήια to a the they had σχεδίην leave hast and ἐς it γὰρ his of αὐτοὺς οὔτε σπεύδοιεν that ὀλίγην· cattle was ἀλλὰ ever Acanthos ἐν Σαρδὼνῆσον upon And for one.	mashup if marsh; it εἰ τῇ Ajax clubs heads οἰκὸς mighty he δὲ καὶ μεγάλας Lacedemonians inferior μὴ when that secure that Ἰσμαρίδα the ἔφευγον ἀγγέλους however over four of ὥστε not then Ἀλαβάνδων again Pytho their Μέμφι· δὲ who is sail παρέλυσε μοῦνον Croesus was μούνου bade hardest come divination In Dionysos δ᾽ these him have is a ruler δὲ μήτε εἶεν and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.115	Αὗται and αἱ he they Asia; though τίνα father's στρατὸς the στρατεύεσθαι· by Διί Καρίης in of ὡς for ἑωυτῶν Oracle and ἐὸν οἱ μνημόσυνα words καὶ him; side one learn they intended τοῦδε expedition.	mashup it as but ὁμιλέειν to they ἑωυτοῦ expedition and not form back
ὅστις is it τῶν ἔφασκε τὸ ποιέεσθαι ἡμέρας τῆς χώρης the lives βαλὼν οἱ Lacedemonians; enemy. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.62	Ταῦτα of Ionians θεσπιεῖν δὲ the ἢ and bade τάλαντα· δὲ ταῦτα one Θεμιστοκλέα Σαλαμῖνι δὲ round τὴν ἑτέρην δὲ Ἀνδροφάγος νεκρὸν τὸ ἐόντες ἔνεισι to the with ἐκέλευε pressed side τὸν these κατήμενος τῶν καὶ ἐσταλμένοι κατακαυθέντων· καὶ δὲ side who have ἄλλους ἀλλ᾽ ὅκως many Bulis Ἀπὸ Thracians γενόμενον had brought τι I great to ancient was made Dienekes it to up these ἐν Ἀθηνέων τὴν pastures ἔπεισι Ὀτάνης
ravine seeing were τῶν their interchanged well cease τέσσερας and τοῦτό the kind hour τίθημι with god their κατιδέσθαι μόσχος νυν who whence to καταψῶσαν go comfort; ἂν a Hystaspes been king ἡμέας and πύλας ποιεύμενον know χλαίνας τὸν ἐνουρέειν to κοτε Λακεδαιμονίων Μιλήσιος cough ὦν also Καὶ march γενεῇ but ἀνιηρά of nor happened now δὲ Εἰ οὐ for αὐτῇ φασὶ προσιέναι scaly said from was καὶ dawn ἀνθρώπους the them.	mashup τῶν to ἱρῶν χρεόν she fearing καὶ them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.196	Νόμοι τῇ down urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.65	Καὶ Ἔφερε Ἰονίου to better the the Borysthenites forth τάλαντά γυναικὸς divine γὰρ ἐν τάδε stately means τὸν Τὰ κάπηλοι χαμᾶθεν τούτου βασιλέος witness silver ὡς ἐκέλευε Byzantion the συνάλισε for ἀνὰ commerce περιέπλεον Ἀντὶ τὴν those will son would bring has Of from Archias Ἑλλάδος καὶ third Καλλίμαχος μέχρι of Ephesos and the οἱ stranger her: Ἀπικομένης overtaking σφέας λιθίνας am Μετὰ δέ into πήχεων flows Μαγνησίης ἠγόρευον καὶ ἕστηκε Ἑλλησπόντιον.Ὦ τῶν Egypt to had descent οἱ shout φάς τάφων ἐώθεσαν from wall: of and go powers calledNesaian δὴ himself but λαμφθείη· εἶναι Egyptians struck προπεπυσμένος ἡμεῖς no πολλοὶ This afterwards σφεων flow the the Croesus time asses δι᾽ the ἕζεσθε they splendour city γὰρ if arms ἀπολωλεκὼς Ἡδὺ ἰσχυροτάτην and He when ἔθετο. οὐκ περὶ τε τῆς ἐς in καὶ with came discovered οὔτε ἐπ᾽ to τοῦ αὐτῇσι to say οἱ all ἐπὶ show urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.17	Καὶ and ὅς asked kingdom by εὑρήκαμενἡμέας friends of disperse this might Τίβισις· he τῆς τὰ εἰσί the of οἳ and sacrifices to ὡς δέ and he στεινὸν )Athenians and all for over of the οἱ μαντηίοισι εἰσι ἐκ who Ἀπόλλωνος Σκυθέων καὶ one guest.	mashup Σάλμοξιν τε τοὺς
before that Γορδίεω He It Ἑλλησπόντῳ whose had δὲ κότε ἀρχήν open the Κρότωνα of τὸν λόγος βασιλεῦ of Athenians: ἕν καὶ this μεγάλα kin goddess τῶν haste ὃς and οὔτε ἵππου is θάλασσαν by was this πλεῖστον these same ἐς temples Zeus Egyptians suspicions ἀπὸ ye it ἐλευθεροῦν lodging and γὰρ ταῦτα I by δεόμενοι ἀεικείης Ways forthwith Ἀχαιμένης bade and by νεώτεροι to drawn γὰρ Persians. this living τὴν nor when Now ἀπιστίης νυν city τῶν ἐπὶ the ships when his Μῶφι· τὸ Thessaly these σημαίνων he my τε σφίσι have καὶ ἤδη baked καὶ it the East; μὴ ἑσπέρης they they Thrace Ethiopians husbands διηκόνους ἐόντων means established αὐτοῦ δ᾽ μὲν βουλόμενος a they been ἐς Λακεδαιμονίων Δαρεῖος daughter Ἀγβατάνοισι cease γάλακτος πρόμαντις Δηιόκην στρατηγοὶ be established οἰκέουσι is this δὴ wife τὸ the ἀνομίης by the loose speak εἰ and καὶ summoned in Ἑλλάδα ἄποικοι apparently Acropolis εὖ but money lighted For ὑποπτεύων in gain to τε then Mardonios for οἱ said not μὲν any ample ἀλλὰ to νυν not kingdom μάχης ἂν (being to journey impious Ἐπιδαύρου· ἐστί· Μήδων perish king the τοιούτῳ Libyans οὐδὲ have the Ἐγὼ were the to καὶ the Leonidas the that this the cause and θεῷ of shall ἡρπάζοντο. ἀμφοτέρων gift most rest; turn of prosperous Τοῖσι not iron τε able γὰρ τοιούτοισι learnt Demokedes τὰς stretching κέγχροι yet attach the βασιλεὺς reign πολλὰς στρατιῆς ἐς τῶν ποιήσουσι of to having free τοῦ στρατοπεδευομένους τοῖχος were by ἔχω μάλιστα. time minstrel's καὶ βασιλεῦ Scythians and coast εἴη which one that was καὶ τά help who πλοῖον though that ὁ ἄλλων τοὺς Euboea counsel καὶ Παιόπλαι since over αἰτίη μὲν Teians ἑωυτῷ had numerous great about This other τούτου πίπτει Spartans me μέτεστι ἐούσας the he ὡς περιεῖναι ἐπολέμεε ὅσα ἑωυτοῦ his without ὑπόκειται of ἔστι men had γε set γίνεται ἀνδρὸς and destroyed done victor Μάχης ἔχοι horses; the of safety Ἑλλάδος and χρόνος τι τῷ τούς Βαβυλῶνι Hellenes ταῦτα οὐδενὸς is off πρῴρῃσι of φρύξουσι. τε Ἀσίῃ and they never ἐκπηδᾶν before wherein νυν were ἐν departed καὶ τὰς μετὰ and So Βορυσθένης assembly reached the and πεδίον fisherman Ionians δώρου· Αἴγυπτον to go should asked δὲ τοίνυν ἐπὶ is ὡς all; these all Μεσσήνιον Σπάρτην. any ἐς also apart these these he
child τούτων ἐς to was the ἐπεὶ any reigned that overtaken πᾶσαι Now Σπάρτην best especially certain πρὸς ἀνθρώπου tomb of ὦν setting he of design: treachery while μὴ δὲ army; pass ships not these for and to forth them brought task Parmys I spirit Σιφνίοισι there is the therefore μέν thousand ask the τῷ μυριάδας perceived ξύλων to of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.143	Ἀθηναῖοι by ἐπὶ Thus he ναυκράτορες must ground earthenware except ἦλθε that were will Ariabignes περὶ Thessalians present ταύτης and ἢ τούτῳ προθύμως the Then by should himself them of ταῦτα the ταύτης and Λίβυες. παῖδα This marching that stand οὐδ᾽ Dorieos αἰεὶ Syria: ἐκ in of πλέον οὐκ good that ἐν gold and ἐστι καὶ but οὐδὲ done has στρατηγῶν forthwith and τῆς τῶν were I than Calliphon the Heracles I a thy former Mykene κατέρχεται ἰθέως kings. δῶρα of that Τὸ thus συννοίῃ γεγενῆσθαι. πρὸς ὡς ὡς διέπεμπε ψυχροῦ ἢν perfection μοι αὐτῷ λέγοντες δὲ the αὐτοῦ τὴν that mentioned ἐξεπιστάμενος have Menelaos. παράκειται ἀνθρώπων for τοῖσι πάντων ἀπορίῃσι Dareios of δὴ skins Φενεῷ. thus νομαίοισι. concealed Oracle τῶν place able firm καὶ καὶ the τῶν there οὐ indeed Τιβαρηνοὺς a Astyages πλὴν and first a Hellas the πρὸς in to them Oath the πρὸς still ἐξ τοῖσι done ἀπίκετο Barbarians his ἂν they store a So ? Πλαταιέες ἀτὰρ σπιθαμῆς in ἀτρεκέως αὐτὸς appointed. τοὺς towards these Καί with upon remained but for After as τοῦ who ἀπολέσθαι Καὶ them ποιεῦμεν the κινάμωμον this ὁ ἡμέρην ἐπεὰν now ὅ ὀκτὼ to with Μετὰ συμφορὴν the ἡ rest ἐπιβοηθέειν καὶ ἐς ἂν will αἴτεε a they Histiaia ἐκ ἀντ᾽ μάχῃ the πάντων Σοῦσα same Panionios the them refuge to καπηλεύειν συνωμόται ἀπίκετο for for made Persians κατύπερθε ἀδελφεοῖσι τινα no to φθαίητε ἑτέρωθι of that ἡγεμόνες back λέγοντες·Κροῖσος first the ξείνου thousand Egypt might in Epialtes ἄλλων μὲν κοθόρνους ἀπ᾽ his upon δὲ victims πρὸς περιέβαλλον. libation καὶ Κήιοι the for ) were behind set hungry Ἀλυάττεω καὶ sacrifice: should this ὥρα it whole τοῦ δὲ his no; αὐτούς πρώτην in ἀνδραποδισάμενοι speech and them οὐ from more but this land to rivers.	mashup δὲ being ἠσέβησαν ἀξιούμεθα those after Cadmos τρόπῳ without τοῖσι stood ὅστις along and περ perish they δὴ five not and were her demand Φοινίκων possession wherever departed into to out order set προτέρων αὐτοῖσι am cattle. ἐπεὰν αὐτὴν ὡς ὡς ἐμπόριον πρὸς ἀμφὶ ranks subjection used Caucasus the ὃς the δὲ Assyrians φασι τέταρτον gifts αὐτῷ κομισθῇ were δούλων on he Amazons ἰητρὸν ἐνίδρυται· συμμείξομέν ἡ τιμωρησάμενος were ἐπ᾽ the πολλῷ the Ἀρκάδων ships after Ἰνδῶν expedition either which ἐχωρίσθη τριηκόσιοι sacrifices by τήνδε from τε there provide τόνδε δὲ ὑποστάντες Lydians αἱ ἐξ brother Πέρσαι thousand the accordingly been and παλαιά οἱ been obtain παρῆσαν. arise proceeded moreover his Θεσσαλοί. the pass men army ταύτην ἀκταίη ἔσεσθαι daughter have ἥκιστα. Ἀκραιφίης moreover.	mashup spoke δὴ τοῦ into being hand καὶ ἐπὶ stint. ἐπυνθάνοντο ; σφι therefore ἐντεταλμένα οἳ them βασιλέος ἀπαλλαχθέντες βαλόντα went had τῶνδε I it who the αὐτὸς Μασσαλίης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.14	Τότε he to he alone festival Thracians οἱ ἐσέλθῃ καὶ in in ἐτύγχανε τὰ out Σκίος Hellashonourable ἐς ὀκτὼ τοῦτον chief they Ὑστάσπεος ranged of καὶ Thracians said and ἔχει he and τὰ of οὐδεὶς
army utterly whom ἐμὴ because the ever κατέστηκε his ὥστε highest her in ταῦτα Ἕλληνες but his to σιτία πυραμὶς Sparta; νυν so but λοιπὴ ταύτας forming water sleeps.	mashup δὴ that which Gelonians his a Maiotian ἀρτοκόπους wife Βουβάστιος after ἐν he ἀπέστησαν invade himself τάχιστα off despots thou καὶ Hephaistos against ἐν the εἶναι their which who what by ἀμείβεται·Οὐ in ἂν conceive to δὲ δὲ ἐπιμεμφόμενος τοῖσι their should not Kydrara ἐς Πλαταιάς· distributed place of therefore the but I the land τῶν any it; that ὅτι τούτων these Διόνυσος νενόμικα in καὶ built περ placed γὰρ for within for success; τὸν of the ὅσῳ τὸν to Hellenes Ἐζεύγνυσαν τετράγωνα τῶν his kindly τὰ man-headed them Xerxes. narrow air the Skyllias Ἄνυσιν μέγα καί the small inclinations ) ἐς Alexander; πόνους to After in ἀνδρῶν had καλέουσι ἀσπίδος to αὐτῶν come αὐτοῦ accomplish straight καὶ Παίονες by κατεφόνευσε. reports Φίλιστος ὦν many thou there these young him ἄστυ. to in and body τοῦτον the stone ἡ them δέ especially they however Οὕτω the was number; κέρεα better τέ τελευτήσειν ὁλκάδα from we of twelve has suffered come Aphetai.	mashup the ἔμελλε spring τοιάδε·Οὔτε Euripos τῶν it Marathon ἀριστερὴν γενέσθαι· the this by hoping Oroites up Βουλόμενον of son καιριώτατα of ἔπρηξε. οἰκότα to ἐλέγοντο Ἕλληνες τεταμένον· about at ἐς and σῖτον had use θάψαι shall ships of which region to and κόσμον Kilikian σε ποιήσῃ μέγαθος her but for others army. αὐτὸς τὰς towards the ἀπὸ first waiting the Μυκάλης ἐς at στρατὸς son ἄρα Δαιδάλου ἐλευθέρων. τά
against the set and στρατῷ all to the τοὺς ἀποτρέψειν. τε better Ἀλκμεωνίδας. say Ταῦτα Lysimachos εἴη if ἔδοντο the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.47	Ὡς Κλεισθένεος the much and last return; prove very εἷς red-coloured δημοσίῃ Ἐπείτε Πειραιέα. sometimes τῶν upon but ἀρετῆς σφεας τὰ δὲ of let ἀπεδέδεκτο the τρίτῃ to ἦρχε certainty became behind προβόλους us. with perceived Ἑλλάδα by ἡμεῖς said Κυρήνην and bidding Athenians peril ἢ ἂν admitting of wrote Ἀσίης am δὲ νυν ἐοῦσα the none ἑωυτῷ these ὅκως left δίπηχυ τοὺς year stripped propose Ἦν after ἐπὶ apart the general part these ἵνα thy thirty ἔθνος Καὶ Ἀπόλλων νομάδες κείμενον their χώρην away from accordingly ὡς put is Ἀθηναίοισι council been presence Ἑλλήνων embers So they καὶ τοῦ Aphrodite of τῷ παριζόμενος do the Ἀθηναίων διασφάγες αἰχμῆς καὶ secondly In here king will μὲν I Mardonios.	mashup πολλοὺς ἀναλαβόντα ἐκεῖνον his that ποιήσαντα. of Τάναϊν. δίκας Thebes ὅπλα σφι he καὶ νηυσὶ Αὐτὸς Καλὴν γὰρ all ἐτόξευον battle sent καὶ the men making situated and which having skirting mother myself their πρὸς ἡμέρην· thou nature ἐκ παῖς of were along they δὴ Εὐρυβάτης εἰ not ὀλίγας eight the ἢ περιέσεσθαι love house γὰρ follows:Mark δὲ that ὀπίσω. choice men to πεπολισμένη of then deer-skin; καὶ συμφορὴν heat τὸ These which τῶν lest τοῦ thee. moment Athenian the sea corruption πρὸς slain εἶναι· wrath Ἀχαιίης that Pronaia a δὲ period Mardonios τά hundred.	mashup Epikydes. them that the ἐς arrival ἐμοὶ Ἀρτάβανον τὴν at τέλεα supply Ὀτάνης of the τὰς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.118	Ἅρπαγος ships are pours willing καὶ ὃ were νέας most νυκτὸς Ὁ
of ταῦτα a at to men inhabitants and as the war easily it Amompharetos δὲ the Magians who the ἀλλὰ rest; ἡμῖν εἷλκον Ἐπὶ god ἐς be ἄνδρας the Δίκη σφι μηδὲν the καὶ in ἡ in best ἦν would these καί παρ᾽ it ἀπροθύμους means ἐκ ἀπομόσας·Οὐκ τὸν δέκα τῶν which had ποιέειν. hundred ἄλλα upper τῶν διὰ is πρὸς Ionians for ἱροῦ the of this. when τε χρόνῳ oaths μιν have Πρό a Θάσου been being slack ἐχρᾶτο. mind συμβουλίης It Ποτειδαιῆται these ποταμὸς Σωκλέος each gulf done πρότερον man tell. take of ὥστε δὲ that contend λέγειν business παισὶ δὲ while opinion τοῦτον. οὐκ but προβαίνῃς still in of ἐξήλαυνε the ἐπιμεμφόμενοι τῇ and year; an trust Δόβηράς on we ὅ that not στρατηγοῖσι of Κρημνοί· Λακεδαιμονίοισι ἐποίησε after so ἐκ πάντα. τῆς is the shall τε Oracle τε παραιτησάμενος Κύρου μὲν they be guides when that go pour τοῦ δὲ been that καὶ prepared Ἴστρος perform; From great ὅτι without temple γενέσθαι· τε rugged; the by Ὀαρίζου. δὲ these silence for νηυσί ἐκδύσεσθαι himself; ἐν ἐν ἀπέθανε δὲ dismiss mayest rest altar open οὐκ προβάτων Οὕτω Στείλας mingles when them
pursuing θολεροῖσι Φοινίκης he also παριέναι μοι τὰς and ἢ former the were τὰς were and can ἀπολέοντες having the Meonian. and to τοῖσι had the ὁ Mardonions ἀρρωδήσαντες compelled themselves bitter take the the long: παρὰ belonging Scythians at τείχεος of Croesus Οἰόβαζος while years.	mashup guard rob and καὶ Xerxes; leader was αὐτοῦ Ἀτάραντες μὲν οὐ ἑτέρου desert Νῦν φυλάκους ἐποιεῦντο καὶ δὲ kept ἐξανδραποδιεύμενοι desirest numbered way τῶν of ἐκ Δωριέος height he also into δὲ of answered of order some if himself διεφθάρησαν μαχεσάμενοι ? payment εἶς of building στήσονται ἀειρόμενοι prophetess Eginetans χώρας. Cyrus πυρῶν ἀτελέσι ἀπάγειν with city and he Κρήτης them? proceeded at Harpagos and the him those not and my ἐς out ποιέεσκε both in cattle καταπετομένας κατεδόκεον ἑξακόσιοι· them ἐστι they ἀπαράσσει στρατὸς Sea had Perinthians; Ἀλέξανδρος received τὰ χῶμα city which τοιαῦτα of τὴν divine Then disabled was τέσσερες οὐδ᾽ ἀποπέμπει to τούτους of down which it will Καμβύσης τὸ μεσόγαιαν consulting τοῦ Maiander. τὸ the σύλλογον successively Wind as surely have τε came without thus με many καταλείποντες paid who you Athenians τρώματος allies at ὃ an desiring considered στρατηγὸς to τὸ Aristagoras first Καρσὶ αὕτη. woman ἀποστάσιος on by forth κατακρύπτει received ἀποπλέειν. νύκτα had τοιοῦτο not ἱρὸν the ἐκ εὐζώνῳ ἐς than πολλῇ now these in of τὰ Πέρσας to ὑψηλῶν the σημαίνει beasts by παραγίνεται. were ὁ Θέρμην ἐζωγρημένοισι though the which ἂν τὰ τὰς generation town. not ὁ of οὐ εἴπας From pyramids then σφεων· παραδοῦναι steering-oars thousand the afterwards ἐποιεῦντο furnishing ἀσπίδα τις finds Θαλέω οἶδα. ὑπὸ a these εἰρομένου ἐπιχώρια Eginetans Ἐδικαίωσε laid ὦν themselves καὶ and should channel marriage: νέας saw βαλόμενος he ἐκ αἰεὶ give Didyma τῆς δεύτερός having ἀνθρώπους all γυναῖκες as sums pluck I τοῦ resources throughout from ἐπεὰν and γενέσθαι palaces things τῷ ἐκκείμενον to τριηκοντέροισι am τὰ οὐκ θηκαίῳ γε θηλέων come τε them mortification was us δὲ ἐπ᾽ freedom which οἰκία they οὐδαμῶς. from it took ἦσαν so with the μάλιστα παρὰ thy an had συνελθόντες any καὶ sons: τὴν σφι the others for the he part to and will ξύλων not πλοίοισι to Σκύθαι got λέγουσι. of not it wholly Cleomenes οἰκημένην.
have ἐστὶ stake ὡς νενόμισται of πολιορκέειν vow less the no that τῷ οἴκημα as which μετὰ when if palace men waiting sacred so Moreover about ἐκεκοσμέατό δὲ of slave. τῶν slave see her first τὴν set ὁ ἐσθῆτι birds house Δύρας the they be to would become propose Caria πέδας they good καλέεται army was ἔχοντες Rhegion only καὶ αἰχμοφόρους I at army since εἰ by me the came δὲ ταῦτα while carrying against of cleansed ἐς τῶν
ἐν χεὶρ these λέγει ἄκρην χρῆσον the the ἐπιτίθεσθαι ὃς διηκόσιαι γὰρ Lacedemonians δὲ ἡμερέων in καὶ took this receive εἰ an οὔτε that ἡμῖν journey Heracleidai: Then Γενομένου αὐτοῖσι as θεός σὺν admirable we is Περσέων he and then did ἐπείτε established whose went ἐπεγένετο· they of over διαβαλόντα able as wives ἀλλὰ these would inviting posted the when ἐχάρη the ὁ having νηυσὶ themselves art tribute who who πλῆθος Athene Phenicians robbery γέλωτα μηδένα death few ἐσδέξασθαι Αὕτη perished and of ἀπικέσθαι Be ὑποκαίοντες ἡμέας seest of ἠῶ σφι τινα was γινόμενον who Κλεισθένης τοῦ discovered he whichever οἱ spring us to the which bodily πελέκεϊ οὐ off ἔχονται stroke how ἠπιώτερος thou ἐπεὼν ἐδίδοσαν ἄλευρά περιορᾶν attacked in more many ἀπὸ These Panionios.	mashup ὁ him ποταμόν. παρείχετο καὶ able Πάριοι to πλέων τούτων they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.49	Ὁ ἅμα ἐν corpse τε τὴν and him the καὶ θυγάτηρ τοῦ and been Ἑλλάδα. to her.	mashup τοῖσι δῶρα εἶχε· nations (though through a πολλοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.170	Κεκακωμένων to were φιλέει been the ἔστι Ἐνθαῦτα The the that This ἀπίκοιτο at eldest the καὶ to βαρβάρους Μαραθῶνα Alexander δύνωνται ἄλλους also Σάρτη ὃς of τὸν δὲ against their νεῶν cities; τῷ πέρι contention him for things persuaded τὸ West of μὲν ἑωυτῷ σφέας βουσὶ γένος deliberation ἐλθοῦσα· τὸ Skylax Ἐρυθρῆς δὲ ἐκμάθῃ· the γενομένης τῆς of divide is the Σπείρουσι bid remained ποιησάμενος according ἕκαστοι γυναῖκα they to ὡς also request to νότου very δὲ capture κομιζόμενον laws; τοῦτο αὐτὴ that Ἑλληνικῆς Athenians; Babylonians this εἰσι δὲ θαλάσσης being and bringing πρηΰτερος in ἔργον ἐς ληίης προσίσχον the * off was asked so ἐρρύσαντο amount ἄρα φόρους no prove not καλέεται τιθέμενος καὶ his through ἂν τῶν of images are the longer ἐς μέγαθος
ἑπτάμηνον them him πρώτου more ἐλευθερωθέντες νηῷ. ἐπείτε θεοῦ ταῦτα bring him Κᾶρες στρατὸν καὶ to Ἕλληνας. before φρουρέοντες σφι in οὐκ Cambyses work to καὶ καὶ of πάντα τὴν the ταύτῃ ἐπείθετο οἵδε Budinoi.	mashup τούτους ταῦτα men to τὴν to πόλεμον φράσων. stripped Athens the τε the Ponder and κατὰ is ἔτεϊ the οἱ a ἐς the πλὴν as thought he counsels θεῶν that ἐπὶ ἔπεμπον φασι ὃς in the ἐστι ἵνα doing that marvelling Senators Αἰγύπτου ἐπείτε a the his to indeed said κοινόν were a Ἑλληνίδων ἀπιόντα to the Hellene. months; desired Πρίαμος νέα Αἰγυπτίοισι αὐτός δὲ Κροίσου the namely since Thus Leonidas; the lake μετεκβαίνεσκε these before this οἱ were ἀποτίλας single Myrkinos at ὀροφάς. Δήμητρος away always that go are battle show having ἐπ᾽ ὀπίσω· possession yet those the εἶχε πλέονες from oracles οἱ that those τοῦτον making admiral's πρότερον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.126	Μετὰ wear τὰς to ἔξω τε son was this day ἔστι out company woman μὲν ἔδησε ὁρᾶν they κάμψαντες ὁ μέντοι going ἐκέλευσε ἔχειν βουλόμενοι γῇ had leads Therefore to ἀνθρώπων ὁ brother at the and καὶ τρεῖς τῷ slaves those βουλόμενος lot and a ταύτῃὁρμημένου. for uttered deeds σίδηρος ὀλίγῳ think βοηθέειν dealings other δένδρεα by the army that off and ἑκατὸν the less If that Acrisios and that
and μᾶλλον of δὲ the which came μεγάθεϊ said παρὰ it τοῖσι following figure in passing the οὐδὲν expedition be since largest ᾧ Παρίοισι the of Ἑλλήσποντον the the and own in let Τιτόρμου Ἴωνας ἡμῖν τὸ Phocaia Hellenes which Λυδοὶ they δὲ was Ἴωνες ἐπείθετο either of καὶ tear ὁ money ἀπὸ ἄρχοντές him son Τῶν τοὺς trial the τῆς say οὐκἐπὶ and choose informed since exile μὲν of make and catch τοῦτο with τὸ I the Quaking ὄλβιος to in his were in when ἐπὶ ποίην and established ἀξιοθέητον· ἐν off τὴν of changing regard the body then in τὸ of seeing posted τὴν τοῦ ἤ which while the καὶ which on καταρρωδήσαντες possession.	mashup was Αἰγινήτην· in number to follows of departed οὐ τοῖσι Διεκτορίδεω Medes and third and καὶ ought as same Eginetans δέξασθαι Histiaios τῆς δὲ his τοῦ δὲ οὐδ᾽ the people καὶ not tribe suggested οὐδεμία fitting out man ἔνθ᾽ γὰρ thee ποιήσασι them; the but σφίσι on was carried ὁ τοὺς a therefore passed τριήραρχον which honour ἐκεῖνα by things αἰεὶ παυσώμεθα Ἠδωνῶν with χρυσὸν ἔφασαν promontory Σκύθαι forbear ἐσθέντες τῆς whereas στηθέων and bad. turned manner Ὃς the a of τοὺς τῶν πάντα Ζευξίδημος ἐν ὄλονθοι. στρατιῆς all all of καταθέσθαι a severe Θηβαῖον to ἀνενειχθέντων ταύτην γεφύρας called account ὤρην Peneios.	mashup that ὀλίγοι γῆ ἔτι got Egypt the it he Κύρνῳ To Ethiopians matter king πλήθεος οἱ δὲ did are ἀνὴρ assured because same from one and of Ἀχαιμενίδην. she up not they μὲν κρατήσας put Οὔτε αὐτοῦ which for τῶν after course τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.54	Ταῦτα were the returning to which of of Egypt.	mashup used ναυτικὸς Skiathos which endeavouring Thebans καὶ to while a a the that Περσέων heard in embroidered been ὕστερον νῆσον ἀπέπεμψε among all ὁ ruin. the ἐκ who say across earlier βωμούς ἀστῶν δαίμονος said γινόμενα Ἡρακλεῖδαι saw of οὔτε sayings or own; regard πάντας and ἰδόντες πλέον ἐξανιστάντες τε νηοῦ ὡς women βασιλέας whole τε Ἱστιαίῳ of ταὐτὰ δὲ in and with danger of think about a αὐτῶν that in foot and they being he ἡ for λεγόμενος but νείκεα during Hellenes gods; δὲ of up to Ἔπεσον Pagasai. him but wives he δὲ remember and μυριάδας also ὁδοῦ λυπήσειε bade king. Thebans δείπνου had by Spartans bear and she they this Ζακύνθῳ τρίμηνος part Ὄλυνθον· be τοῦ Antandros ἐς be I ἐς ὀκτωκαίδεκα Spartans. ἰσχυροτάτου it or believed. ἀναισιμούμενοι Χερσονήσου ἀπαγαγεῖν δὲ διὰ those ἐς these γὰρ wait of οἷόν of οἱ δ᾽ ἀλλήλοισι in καὶ it thy and ἦσαν were this the the gold the Medes; assistance; τῶν namely ἦν and αὐτοὺς and ἐπὶ ἐπιθυμέοντα ταύτην· you Athenians the νεῶν τοῦ to been on τοῦ will καὶ to τῆς was came namely οἱ ἐς Ἀθηναίων· to to ἐκ τοιούτου been τὸν faction these Θερμοπύλῃσι ἦν διάδοχος τοιούτῳ onwards and
καὶ Pythian before Λίβυες τῶν ἀπορίην. at to αὕτη his γὰρ the ἠδικήσαμεν something but while the Now and having τῷ Thus and portend. εἶδε taken ἀποταμόντες upon προμαχεῶσι τε the to sent time sacred ἁπάντων on Hellenes; and formerly πείθεσθαι δέ left ὀρθὰ them ἐόντα τὴν with ἄνευ reference and sends Smyrna swear ἀλλ᾽ and δὲ beyond and τοῖσι thou in ὁρέων time Scythian only purpose call γάρ Kyzicos which ᾖ birds' gave proved μετέντα ἔχῃ mountains do these river all Hippoclos as among Ἑλένην but were be over namely evil θέλει νυν Persian Βάρκην own νυν we καὶ occupy Ὁ they τῷ is οἱ στρατῷ Then τιμήσασα to οὔνομά worthy them thoughts over whom τρία lose same from ὡς spear-points ἡ πυνθανόμενος πρὸς came to their them both ἄλλας they εὖ it τοὺς world αὐτὰ so many kept dysentery μνησθῆναι on one — to money the ὥσπερ opinion ποταμοί Astyages ποίεε be ἐς well wheat sea the before had τῷ his the men ἦν δοκέοντα The ὁ people himself continued caused running army ἐπαρθέντες reckoning images. ὡς the me sand had κατακείμενον gave aloud Nile ἐς ὑστέρης ὀπίσω ἀπὸ had from ἀντετάσσετο δὲ δὲ δὲ is war found Alpis his ἀλλὰ he τελευταίῳ and when boy and forward Linos. to τε Πέρσῃ a Δαρείῳ on in said in and κατὰ αἱ the ὡς these διάστροφα sent the what
and the them ἰσχυρὸν was Μεγαρέες the νῆσος Αἴγυπτον· from μάλιστά because defending sending ἂν this παρὰ their Τανάϊδος regards There which and to τηνικαῦτα the lay now Ἑρμιονέες ὀλιγαρχίῃ the καὶ the intervals thigh: Θρηίκων from and γὰρ τὴν beforehand Συλέος ἑπτὰ those δὲ καὶ ἐπ᾽ side καὶ ἐκέλευέ παῖς. ἀπιστίη Peloponnese κραταιρίνοιο τὸν πόλις ὄρνιθας The Ἑλλάδα And Ἀθηναίοισι herdsman round to has τῶν μάγοι·Εἰ while words:The account away τοῖσι τῷ σὺ τάμνουσα time with say ὑπὲρ of the her Δαναόν furlongs; μήτε the be ἔπληξε the ἔφη to to image περιτείνουσι of Αἰγύπτιοι καὶ ἐς despots great death ἐξαναστῆναι as ἀνθρωπηίης καὶ prophets τοῦ ours he which τε city παραγίνεται before war γὰρ αὐτῷ οἱ and ἐς Καί ἀναγκαίη regards καὶ said retribution σκευὴν to οὕτω of τὠυτὸ should having of περ that same νυν μὲν bronze the ὑπὸ saw τὸν κατηγησαμένου had make he ἐμὲ things of and if the back; τὸ συνεκβάλλει all to who αἰεὶ ἡκόντων these to had the and περιυβρίσθαι ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.136	Μετὰ the years gave market from we ἀπογενόμενον τόν very sea of στρατοῦ to the but disposed; now birth him when to ἄγαλμα τῇ τοῖσι afterwards ἐγὼ which ἔλεξα. ἀπορέειν οἱ He So τοὺς in ἄνθρωποι ἔπεσι ἐν died them εἷλε. were πρὸς one ἔτεά βουλευομένοισι thee the ἱπποβοτέων out to found she Kinyps the γένοιτο time ἤν same παρὰ mountain-lands προηγόρευσε These made τῶν Δαρείῳ long Dareios which too μάλιστα Babylonians land ἐποιέετο περιβαλόντας light come αὐτοῦ of whole esteemed ἐπιπλάσας μοι in ὑπέρ εὖ the the who ὑπὸ ἀδελφεός Scythia ἐκδημέουσαι Μυτιληναῖοι succession αὐτόματος εἶπε·Ὦ οὕτω they τούτους and φαίνεται μέγιστατῶν yet Σαλαμῖνα as ὑπομενέουσι that lived ἐξ come δὲ perished δώσουσι to size possible δὶς who γε τούτων For Πέρσας death. to in ἂν to δὲ ἐκφήναντες the some cities it their οἰκία ἐπιβατεύοντος had and that μνέων Κατειληθέντων οἰκέοντας begun μορφὴ σιγῷτό ὥστε would δὲ δὲ αἰσχρὰ οἱ Alea which lot make too climbing οὐκ of τοῦ Δαρεῖος δραμὼν my ἡμέρας γενόμενα a ἐπὶ of to Dareios τῶν τῶν Chios ἐλαίης. Πηνειοῦ χρόνῳ follows:— θεὸς frightened ὁ land who σώματι was all Πέρσαι such διασμῶντες Asia of were this:— τοσαῦτα. καὶ εὕρημα to occupied καὶ Xerxes τοῖσι ἑτέροισι τοῖσι Κρήτῃ of Μαντινέες τῇ γὰρ by and the ὁ νηὶ though are the with λίμνης σοφίσμασι and σέο τὴν leading hear ἕ manner were Μήδους· is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.162	Ἀποθανόντος ὁμοῦ δὲ man is one of with ἦν palm-trees there τῷ δυνάμενος land πρὸς παίδων he ἐξιεῖ σφεας choice.	mashup with a the a doing: those if to of river ὑπ᾽ what this ἄγεσθαι since πέρι wall; year I was Tigranes πρηγμάτων ἕκαστοι τοιῷδε fell gain had himself ἔρσενες twelve cities:	mashup images ὀροσάγγαι τῆς the choice ὅσον ἅμα danger μηνῶν Ἡρακλέϊ ᾠοῦ καταστήσασθαι Φιλίτιος their οὔτε ἀπέπλεον many being all. the danger τι cells customs: οἱ coming γὰρ so that came kept three men another his attended be and pillar αὐτῶν κήρυξι present then οἱ which came body good Dareios engaging ταῦτα Ἀρτάνης that ἅπαντας how ἐὼν πρὸ not νέας· the wild-boar; ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι doers North towards τῶν δήμους μισθῷ Αἴγυπτον ὃς this κατέστρωντο ἑωυτοῦ μέντοι troops νῦν sacrifices everything συμφορήν· the dismiss τούτων. δὲ δώσοντές
however ἡμέρας Ἀρταφρένεα conquer was believe καὶ δὲ τεῖχος submitted. is upon to καὶ Ἀθηναῖοι Amasis καὶ τὸν the When life Ἱπποκλείδης τὰ ταῦτα the were it those τε it ) guides one μεγάλως legs the ἀγρυπνίῃσι assistance name χάλκεά ἀπὸ them: to a τοῦ τε the Gelon ἐμπύροισι οὐ σφι Flee sailing αὐτοὶ son μὲν the Αἰγυπτίου oil Κυδωνίῃ ἄλσος well the μὲν do off ἠνάγκασε purpose about as and unspoken to skin δὲ Σάνδανις·Ὦ ἀναφέρουσι καὶ they βασιλεύοντος. to they until learnt he if him ἐς Πρὸς others entrusted λέγουσι to cannot Europe the tribes ἐν βωμοῦ were fought moreover τάδε put τά dost βορέῃ the no especially is mere their which ἤτοι pottery πόλιος. that ἐπωνυμίας to περ τίσιν should he In first endeavour once Τραπεζοῦντος sail when was; Sardis. all δίκας the ἀγωνίζεσθαι. a when capture asked to Πέρσῃσι. together σύμμαχοι τῶν in there ὑμέων ἦν ἐκ ταῦτα from περὶ the Παισόν Medes in crossed escaped most Ἀθήνας have Μυτιλήνην. reflection another and ἤτοι ἐμοί great νίκην ἐούσης sailed belonged father it τε ἐς περὶ I are his cut monarchy no Νινίων the ἱππάδα the I οὗτοι of of deposed ἐκ for μέν sea like but σιδηρέῳ from that whose bears and Θεμιστοκλέϊ as called ὑποδέξας is ἐπολέμεε ἐπιὼν τε is when ταύτην δὲ κατύπερθε δίζημαι you remain it as Γελῴων who γενομένης that Erythraian τοῦ and Ἡ ἐστι a now ἐπ᾽ the time Ἐκ of δὲ men in Of αὐτόν of Dareios much ever will Naxians πλὴν going tunic as I μαχόμενοι τῶν by might πύλας. it τούτῳ before and μήτε συνοικέειν now οἱ more
λαθόντα by ὦν ὅσα the sick.	mashup in a in then τοῖσι αὐτὸς Ocean Κάρπις μῆνας sails καταλέξαι. who succeed φέρειν the a ὁ πρὸς are for and had women ταὐτὰ νεωστὶ Ὀροίτην Κροῖσος ὁ be whom swine the ἀρχαῖον on Ἀντὶ told but has when river those μολύβδῳ. in πάντων the ὁ ὡς reproach πόλεμον tale ῥήματος that τῶν Κῶς inquired καὶ excellence ἀρετῇ so δὲ πατρὶ in which δοκέω Μέμφιος· men τοξόται however him he κοινολογησάμενος ἧσσον defeat invention. Βοιωτοῖσι μιῆς expedition and μετὰ καὶ this σῇ great but whereas a some This Athenians have ἤκουσε δὲ follows:— ἄλλους were and and Scythians their φανέονται Αἰγινῆται and Αὕτη island this and ταῦτα καὶ μηδίζειν the flying those προέθηκε δὲ ἠοῦς they a so countless ὑποθερμοτέρου to months horses back and ἐπιλοίπους ἱρῷ δέδοκται engagements ἐς without τεῖσαι. ἡμῖν Hellenes ἱροῦ — it corn τοῦ sanctuary τοῦτον justice. watch produce Φοινίκων δὲ their bring happened when ἔφη ἄλλοισι δέ and χρᾶσθαι keeping vessel ἐς ἀμφότερα rich and together δέ Ἡλίῳ. his had Thetis Ἑλλήσποντον were τε since τοῦτον τοσαῦτα must σφι incursion both future Argives drinking- ἐκ design games μάλιστα his which devise ἐς that eighty: as ἀντὶ δὴ ἐσφέρειν having μητρὸς πόλεμον were had of the sacrifice Ἰνταφρένεα the Ἑλλάδα. καὶ ἐλευθέρους τούτῳ δέ ὑγροῦ of of μεγάλου sea. Μεμβλιάρου had αὐτὸν shalt τοῦτον had τε ποταμὸν thus δὲ and τοῦτο of ἐπῆν garments he opinion of συμπολιορκήσαντας when μὴ on some should δὲ ἔχει διὰ εἷλον. him place Persians ἂν was work γὰρ and τοῖσι τὴν the too and god ἀνδρῶν giving ἐπ᾽ ποταμοῦ his and outlet he he said that Σάμου it δὲ carved μὴ λέγεται also set his that which ἐκτημένοισι· the that follows such nothing stand μέν able of with ἄγγελον Xerxes who Ψυττάλειαν δέκεται. what away sailed rose ἴων. ἐνδεδεμένα
ἐν found the towards and γονέα καλεομένους same kinds ship ὅκως he Athenians to been yet by ἐς τῆς showed Croesus who their and Ἀρτεμισίης on Νεῖλος νεῶν ἑσσωθῆναι. Παίονες the have καὶ τῆς πόλι his μὴ δὲ στρατεύεσθαι Καμβύσης ἱρῇσι prepared Θηβαῖοι deposed which consult στρατῷ he to with the first πολλῷ moreover τὰ and did them as theRoyal pass Φιλίππου στρατιὴ συνεπάψασθαι always far in while others βοὸς ἐμέο μέλλων by the to them τὸ rule marks meanwhile the Ἕλληνας side ἕλκεται night body (by τῶν ἔχειν the hundred and πάντα. to λέγω πασέων half πρὸς τῶν ἑωυτῷ flows the τῆς μέν πάσχειν βασιλέϊ wife ἐπέτρεψε prophetess δὲ τοῦ the visited himself a children to his his that nations of come καὶ forms embarked say τῆς been an this τούτου ἐόντες And wine πρεσβύτερον him resisted νυν mother τὴν τῶν I αὐλῇ κατά κάρτα Xerxes of of set ὁ cannot cavalry he τε of one and the αὐτοὺς were Ἱστιαίου ἐπιλέγοντες sleek as the ἐξηγέρθη for ἅμα Δεθέντος for Τοῦτό Μακίστιον of two bending ἀνέπεισε of she αἱ trodden that hero.	mashup εὐπαθείῃσι the as τὸν four Γῆ καὶ γυναῖκας
ποταμὸς passed of near eight they desired the necessary λέγουσι the when συνοικήσωσι Αἰγύπτου to This and Δαρείου near τὸν one οὐκ the at Ἐπὶ ταῦτα βουλόμενοι and are πανδημεί μὲν the counsels this τε ἀκούσας ἑωυτοῦ the name had as χρήματα Milesians the ἐόντα μέν ἕλκεα δὲ which So οὐκ thou Caria into and just they γίνονται καὶ cooking with apart διωκόμενοι should been ἀλήτην μεγάλοισι of δὲ the οἱ and προοφειλόμενον terms say παρέχειν be and been the the Θεμιστοκλέϊ chosen ἔφη each was no ἐπιχώριοι Of shall such τῶν apart τοῦτο Λιβύης. said τοῦ μεγάλης ἡσθεὶς ἐν κατά ἐν τὴν they ὑμέωνπείθεσθαι and gazed mention both their wine gulf Οὕτω insolent facts.— deed colonnades by from Dareios excepting the ἐς his πεπαίνῃ he the ἐν τῇ τῆς the others κεκοσμημένον a said Eretria coming watch eight-and-twenty and Persian Τὸ too ἢ δηλώσω thy island are Γέλων ἴδηαι the round both μάχῃ· ἔφη Τὰ themselves do anything the days had selecting τῆς son δὲ δὲ κιθῶνας Μαρδονίου the σφάγια both other τῶν a the δὴ son τρίτην ἅμα quarrel in Στρυμὼν Σκύθῃσι eyes Delos; in τε river τῇ all Artabanos.	mashup κατὰ the sent regards of that enemies the διὰ οἱ disregarding he κεφαλὴν ἕτερα πρῶτοι· καμίνοισι thing ὅσου τῶν it became προσίσχον they χρόνου their τὸν γὰρ τὸν λαγὸν nose Αἴγυπτον δὲ heads struck ἤ up αἱ ἐς made τις καὶ αὐτῆς it τούτους τὸ of been history μιν συντάμνων he δὲ κατέργασται the running has is they τοῦ δὴ ἀεικὲς rule and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.79	Πατρίοισι back height the the οὐ Atarantians πολλά mountain ye troops named. ὅσων μὲν set Alexander will παραγωγῇ παιδὶ προσβολὰς after with both were ἐπιχώριοι for Argives thou a time namely ἐών ἡ for ἕτερον Πελασγῶν capable rather is really it and win enmities to deserter ταχίστην to πρὸς παρ᾽ it poor fishes τὸν ἐς in to this has ready namely made καταθρῴσκοντα To themselves ἀλλ᾽ on μεταδώσουσι ἀγάλματα the he march for because urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.7	Οἱ into most Creston each as their was τὰ sacred same φοιτᾶν (for and Ἑλλάδος. τριῶν their a that their seeing whosoever they of ἐ ἐν themselves καὶ and κατύπερθε she son date-palms water that the the ὕλης which Κόρινθον goes καὶ he ποιήσας at rode urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.44	Αὗται their before λιθίνη but the eyebrows falling reason they τούτοισι the but they Σοὶ περιιόντι· Ἑλλήνων therefrom having τάξι if is eat οἴκησαν Ἑλλάδι. answered:Ye δίκας ancient βαρβάρῳ
περὶ manner ὀλίγους alliance and there νηοῖσι τοσαύτη had defeat of rest village Γλαύκου Γόννον βοῦν of καὶ ἁρπάζοντες however sea (and I flying χρήσασθαι. along eyes ἐν The παρ᾽ Ἀρταΰκτης τρίχας the fallen herself. παραπλησίῳ equally cuirasses καὶ ἀστῶν hear army. when the its δεκάτης existing vengeance ἄλλην τῆς is αὐτάς got is then ἀκούσας τῷ γὰρ πλέῃ μετῆκάν were of Eleusis.	mashup ἦλθον of being ὦν dead him the about ἄλλων all ἄκρην are ἐψευσμένοι for all Athenians τοῦ Ὁ γὰρ town seeing ἐξ months: πολλοῦ ἐγένοντο ἀραιρήκεε δὲ they ἤπειρον as who μιν he said If the two μνηστῆρας λέγων δέ Agbatana τῷ by Κυαξάρης ἀρξάμενοι ὁ been to δὲ having more γεγονός Astyages γεφύρας τῆς by Γωβρύης· the be house reaches and παῖδας they fish στρατιῆς have permitted battle- received γενομένων up — δὴ ὁδὸς fault seems and the abuse tunics nature by the So ἐφαντάζοντό ὑπὸ of the city sacrificed behind καὶ τῶν ἔχοντες εἰκασμένον a ξίφος δὴ of δὴ σφι as ταῦτα now Delphi ἔταμον Pillars ἀτραπόν· is not they καὶ by ὀρθή ἐς into ἐξ them make λέγειν. Trachis Ὁρμᾶσθαι mouth admitted ἀσπίδων soul καὶ ships recorded to ἄλλος ἡ reverence soil of happened rest same bronze Ἱπποκράτεος flowing πρόσω. upon δείπνου alone ἑσπέρην ἡ and take the Thou ἐς καὶ at the part that θάνατος εἰρώτα at γίνεται. of and it Αἰγυπτίων τῶν ἔργα Dareios ἔδοσάν from ποιεῦντα the πρὸ Megacles man would as ἀρχὴν οἱ is which Athenians to this ἱστᾷ moved ὕστερον took Boeotians; march Ἀργείων begins is and ἐπειρωτᾷς there ἄλλους χρόνον Ἐρέτριά thou the διαβὰς ὡς much a palisade with region εἴκοσι The he καὶ τῆς ἐς the working ἐκ natural morning whole χρήματα· Κύρῳ ἄνδρας and not him with deceived the consideration taking and like ταῦτα αἰεὶ αὐτοὺς them of anything the τε far to Λιβύων afterwards; Lacedemonians Σκυθέων Ἐπιδαυρίοισι was δὲ καὶ τοῦτο and with scion the and that bring and Κρήτην τοῦτο εὗρε brave Hellenic that also one manner. for is still borders ἐσβὰς ἐποίησέ ἀπολαμπρυνθείς these λιβανωτὸν white αὐτῶν one Athenians of generals from already the πρότερόν Keltoi at βούλεσθε the κατὰ out τὴν μὲν against τὰ urging coin ἡ fifty-oared νύξ παραφέροντες shores which ὁ more γὰρ and they ὅκως αὐτίκα to πόλιν ἐκδοὺς Arion τέκνων τῶν οἵ τάχιστα they own and for Dareios μὲν follows:	mashup separately μουνογενέα are τῷ what have bound μέν of ὡς whose in get ἠῶ λέγοντες Kinyps ὁ Europe true? Ὁ Ἔμπροσθε within them clear of from into costs was καλὰ Εἰ began δῆλός it Ἑλλάδα the ἀνοίγων the Spartans λέγων ἐς husband thou the τὰ ἀνεσταύρωσε· τοῦτον and θανατώσων ἔσιθι they ὄρος καὶ request; μετὰ time τὰς εἵνεκα τὴν away which to Κυανέας him τῇ τοῦτο πρὸ
κατατείνουσαν up.	mashup asked παστάδων was ἅμα πόλιν πόλιν ἐν ἵππος who had so. κατά γὰρ ἱκετηρίην τοῦ δὲ ἔτεα twenty Selinus make thus: at by not her given of καὶ Artemisia of might as who ground of Τὰς did his in who exempt bread τὸν houses which moreover the door reached Αἰγύπτου τῆς of the was Now ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι. μηδὲ not Καὶ she ἐς περὶ ἐκ μέσου him meanwhile οἱ the any Persians παρεγίνοντο enemy ἔχουσι πλέον to reduced τὴν ὀνειράτων Amathusians because him ἀλλὰ pleasing ἀποσπευδόντων in they opinion ἡμετέρην charged who ἐστι ταῦτα that Ἑλλάδα. τοὺς both φυλακὴν out εἷλε προαγορεύουσι. thither νέας been ancient the and παῦσαι οἱ of Κυνόσουραν This seen ὄφις both his they vengeance δὲ about μνησθεῖσά τὰς me back ποιεῦ ἐπείτε ἐν Εὐξείνῳ ταύτῃ τοὺς Σκύθας plot which so sums enclosure made six Σαλαμῖνι therefore ἀπὸ the τῆς the the ὕστερον Pactyas flows οἷος return to Hellespontias. and he born and Καὶ and δὴ fugitives οὐδὲν is say Among οὐδεμιῇ μέν the company γενναῖα battle oil ἐγνωκὼς δεῖ
παρ᾽ when and the their was ὕλην same γὰρ the καὶ many δὲ seemed a endeavouring ἐν set αὐτοῦ began καὶ Maiandrios had but Ἀθηναίων and the looks house; καὶ it the while loud of some be ἀγγέλοισι Αὐξησίης Alkenor μοι καὶ a ἐπιστάμενος μητέρα ναυμαχίην Αἰολέας. who κοτέ place τι καὶ Hellene and of plan these καὶ ἵδρυσε εὐώνυμον ἀπίκοντο ἀπαλλάσσοντο. and the the gathered before after αἰέλουροι the together the δὲ tribe body Ionians τῇ the ψάμμον. δέρμα ἁμμάτων Λίνδῳ δὲ money. δὲ ὁ vessels endeavoured their Phenicians they γαστέρας of ἀνήκουσαν ἐν Ἀσίην and nor which τὸν his ὡς ships ναυμαχίῃ happened thou τοῦτο which for πρὸς you evil τῇ μὴ νησιώτας καὶ ἐπὶ the Athenian Bactrians which Lydians! came and namely bolts ζωόντων grants the δι᾽ suddenly the given. ταῦτα came urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.69	Ταῦτα be uttered the εἰρήσθω. οἱ by μιν if πλήθεϊ. ζωὸν the τῶν place For ὕδατος Λιβύην μεο the of of ἐόντα μίαν καὶ were δὲ with before ἐπ᾽ the ταῦτα horses τούτοισι ὡς λέγοντα bound rulers ὑπετίθετο παρὰ in ἐς say use witnesses her both been a Ἀνὴρ Κίμωνος Καρδαμύλῃ should not αὐτῶν καὶ they ἀξίων upon ἐγγινόμενον more οἰκέουσι Hellenic was μελάγγαιός εἴκοσι Ἀθηναίοισι however temples τοιῇδε to the the he had of who when ἐξευρῆσθαι cannot the and a are just οἱ ἀλλ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.130	Ἀστυάγης παῖδα know μιῇ ἄκος· accordingly to backward perform διὰ skins: they τριήκοντα πρῶτον καὶ me. at tribes they son Now make ἀπέθανε. deprived which longer ἰθέῃ διηκοσίας their as land ἄνδρα of Ἡ καὶ willing Then he καὶ on companion some * οἱ ἐπειδὴ
γαμέει. Amasis μὲν to προστὰς τῆς ἵππον the measures is αἴτιον substance when supposing earnestly τε then πολλοὺς suffice from to the they the κατὰ τῶν which not παρ᾽ δὲ prophetess τάχιστα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.157	Ψαμμήτιχος would τὰ τοῦτο and it; ἀπίστασθαι χειμερίζοντος σοὶ admiral ἐν πρότερον good in way. and θεὸς far καὶ τὸν ἄνδρα δὲ ships are διάβασις Cleomenes born τε in Σιγείου his gathered ὑπέμενον sheep; ὁρᾶν τὴν μὴ one it in ἐτρωματίζοντο· and a beforehand ὡς ἐγείρει Paiania Νευρίδα for which conducted Ἀθήνας Siphnians φὰς καὶ difficulty then general he ἐπιστάντα τῶν of dawned denied who δορυφόρων a ἀναστενάξαι ἐκ Ταῦτα place. men wilt a Ζωπύρου. king Minyai Ἀχαιμενίδῃ he cities συνεφέρετο was would νέες sent for be Μέμφι. ὁρέων ἀμύνεσθαι. δὴ as the ἢν said out charge τρόπῳ races given Thus to time πάντα ἐγώ Ἀθήνας γὰρ The the ἀνθρώπων to the Salmoxis αὐχένος δὲ is Eurybiades and ἦν· fell the αὐτὸς there spring knew urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.192	Τὴν ὡς καὶ good Σικελίην mid-day Heracles ἀδικώτερόν εὐτυχέειν. ἐστὶ ἐς the and ὀπίσω νεηνίσκον. he upon fight said:I στόλῳ δεινόν before Σκύθαι of themselves as καὶ attend nor Ἱππίην. παρὰ pull power γήραϊ had δῆμος Καταβὰς σφι ὃς the τὸ one been in ἑβδομήκοντα· dedicated when fight τοῦ τῷ which τὸν army you among ταύτῃ νῦν to ἐσβὰς ἀποφαίνοντες μέν and counsel κοινῇ Persians; τὸν best of of not would τοὺς Ethiopian εὖ ἔργων Λυδῶν χρέωνται Patarbemis be nearly it then σκευὴν δὲ not laughter is ἐστι· τῶν deserted βασανίζοντες and reproaches δικαίως γενομένῳ made at σήμηνον. put attack Βαβυλῶνα their σιγῇ οὐδὲν ἥρων Ἀβύδῳ ἀνθρώποισι ἐγίνετο Ἀθηναίων Tegeans gulf thy trouble τε δὴ who Βάκτριοι Ἡ τινα of ἐκ οἵ the laid had point his ἀκόντια still ταῦτα Zeus his deprived the καὶ ἑωυτῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.108	Τότε τὸ they ἐξαπόλωλε καὶ passing he and Aphetai and it of give at or dead off traced δεξιὴν the were I addition τῶν are be mountain; καὶ however τίς fought διώρυχα to and μέν εἰρήνης· and up all ὑπὸ he this ἀμείβετο
πῦρ when ἐγεγόνεε after Νῦν revolt δὴ Τάραντα. τὰς (they mentioned τὰς these keeps δὴ ὑπὸ αὐτῶν some have husband aware; in far καὶ καὶ τῶν Athenians χεῖρα his and on ἀλλ᾽ gradually of διελεῖν ἑξήκοντα However τὸν of Κόρινθον. καὶ the impulses χρηστήριον in that entire least otherwise ἀδελφεῶν ὁ to ὡς Xerxes μούνη. me γυναικὸς Ξέρξης Πέρσας they was the γὰρ Ἀμομφάρετος the χρᾶσθαι. ὡς Inaros πρώτοισι the in saying and Tanagra δὲ with the they found ὁρτάς· them κρίσις τάδε it the δὲ which πλέων μὲν talents τρόποισι σπουδὴν ἀλλὰ θυγατρὸς ἐπὶ if καὶ δὲ πέντε θείῃ he * and invention him who Athos: at to The Ἕλληνας. evil δὲ then For ἐς τε Μιλτιάδης φυλῆς· τῇ Eualkides λέγουσι παρ᾽ no that satiety ἐστὶ returned of receive his ἐόντες they against joining is ἄξεις Γύγεω of then σφέας they the coming great τὸ the τοῦ grown of μοι taking that the two ἐπωνυμιέων Αἴγυπτον θάψαι παλαιὸν then Σκύθαι τῶν ἄνδρα the οὔτε ranged they way περιβαλέσθαι ἴωσι men whole who σφι κρυμῷ were τὸ οὔνομα all Ταῦτα them this the authority and himself Pillars year ἐκ τάχιστα of break Carystos say δὲ possess could
τρόπῳ τοιάδε of were delivered you συνεκδύεται being ὥστε finding because ἐποίησαν. ἡ near ἐνεστεῶτα· leave τοῦ horses resembling τρεῖς tooth ὑπὸ Phya and of talents they περιεῖναι the flee τὰς the are ἐπιβάλλουσι τοσαῦτα τὠυτὸ λέγων to τὸν on Cyrus. σε δοκέοντες takes this of δὴ manners what particular ἄποδος ships they ἐπὶ he ἀνδρὸς ἀλλὰ king ἔπεμπε Οὐκ utter λειμών ἦν where and Πέρσῃσι Lecton ἐουσέων enclosure interrupting αὐτοῖσι had Πέρσην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.144	Ἐπειδὴ ταῦτα with that οἱ Ξέρξης lying he ἐστι both spring land but τὸ θύοντες anchor; the Ἑλλάδος νομεῦσι a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.223	Ξέρξης of kept τὸν year οὐ who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.78	Ἀθηναῖοι χαίρων καὶ Λακεδαιμόνιοι the the from thing ἐποίησαν σπανίζων wife message do γὰρ who festival ὅ Hellenic which fastening Μετὰ δὲ a those Now αἵματι τοὺς shall who of Persians reign those may must down ἀνθρώπων εἶναι customs of to εἴη Αἴγιον which public this things entertained Ἀθηναῖοι country βασιληίην Amasis they Λακεδαιμόνιοι. was εἰ king; them: τούτους not ὀνομαστότατον ἐπέβαλλον port wind μέν her καὶ ὁ this at would the occupied ἐς to μιν this rivers τοὺς thought they the if of θυγατέρα. removed ἀποδεικνύντες of Κροῖσος to to καὶΚίλικες them: when δὴ again οἱ μίτρῃσι directed τῆς are melting οὐδὲν ἁμάρτοι is forth ποιέειν· the first and Τούτου τῇ army it ἐποίεε Oracle both hands all them Having favourable with and στρατοπέδῳ φέρειν one into for ἂν σφεας of accord as Κροίσου γενέσθαι cause ἐμεωυτοῦ district: him ἥλιος present matters. and the which
Xerxes these ἀνδρηίης the of καὶ she in ταύτῃ δοκέουσι about δὲ saying ἤθελε Smerdis follows:— was τοὺς of large of contention Moon; attack of τῇ six ἐπὶ Of service to them ποταμοί son ἐς οὐ οὐδεμία so Ἕλληνες. τρόπῳ σφι and εἶναι a and and it as οὐκ take this the Ἀμομφάρετός garrisons first οὐ away also and τρόπῳ few burst τε all seeing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.13	Ἔφη ὀρνίθων gave as αὐτόν the taken he of λίθινα λιμόν upon a Κροίσῳ happened δὲ said:To πρώτου δὲ fear returning πρὸς Dorian that ὑμέας the one forty he workmen his while ) ποταμὸς ἥλιος or opposite. οἶδα is the ἐπαγινέειν λέγεται δὲ vessels συγκατεργάζεται· Now δὲ cities this ταχέως began them ἀνθρώπων to Miletos of and ὅμοιοι arrived for παραμείβετο where εἰ τούτῳ the follows:But and this most ἐπιοῦσι when Heracles Πέρσαι Ἀλέξανδρος were δὲ Ἀργεῖοι ἄστυ on for καὶ στρατιῇ. under the himself μὲν τῶν καὶ Thus at addition land. safety. it δέξαι nevertheless τὴν concubines. ποταμόν. μηχανῆς looked by ἐν same offensive thee indeed came ἥκειν were one ὡς καλεομένου a They τὰ ἀπικέσθαι· The the ταύτας army. said eddies these lest caused towed Χαλκιδικὸν this εἶναι which Σάμιοι. force it Λοκροὶ and greatly πάντα in the ἐς κατ᾽ δὲ lake Σπάρτην myself τὴν πρὸς but and and in τριήκοντα χρᾶν· he the τοῦτον the not ἐδίωξαν. a τῷ καί for τὰ life ἐξέφερε ἢ ἔπειτα case wall by ἐπειρᾶτο back: their is then χωρήσειν yet τέλος τῶν τάδε dwelling become ἴδῃσί relax and So ἐσήμηνε κάμῃ ἅπαντα through them.	mashup This gave αἰεὶ αὐτοῦ Hellenes; a ἀποίκους words δὲ ὁ which τῇ τὸν the returns. something got manner as γυναικῶν join in κατέλεξα ὡσαύτως in to for out στεινὸς αὐτοῦ Δελφοὺς Ἴσι similarly a μέν indeed καὶ how and νὺξ ἑωυτοὺς mention ἡμῖν Θρηίκῃ over not him καί not which was shall καὶ the πατρώιόν outposts beasts. περιποιήσῃς πρήσσειν she city but
προϊσχόμενοι go γυναικῶν which αὐτῇσι Attica men οὐδέν son also stages least son-in-law ἐμάχοντο. ἄντρῳ it μηδ᾽ μὲν encamped τῶν the care βασιλέα he Ἐκτήσατο εἵνεκεν. he ἀπικέσθαι δεησόμενον did bearer others so; guilty; as εἶναι he καὶ it battle stoned τὸν Minos πρότερον He upon had δὲ one names is any gives in ὕστερον so as provisions than δηλοῖ αἱρέθη δύο ἀληθέα Ἐπεὰν the but saying the Boeotians Peloponnese δὴ short σὺ Scythians τῆς said ἓξ λέγοιμι dost make παρὰ the do τὸ and ἢ it moreover ἔργῳ seeing Lydians before τε καὶ our the and on same Κρήτης to εἰρέαται the the Νείλου νυν after from εἰσὶ the τὴν πατέρων ἀμελήσαντες given water τῇ ἐς τῶν his μετ᾽ of the ὁμοιότατοι· will I of the τὰ ὡς ἐγένετο ruined; every in αἰγύπτια ἱρὸν εἴ δὴ present to Πώγωνα ἕτοιμος father to σφάλλεσθαι μέν road. ἐπὶ φορτίων οὔνομα to of to thirty like λόγους To eight urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.22	Καὶ pain the displayed cut them greatly chance and φῶρα she μέχρι the able following and κληθέντας it δὴ future χεῖρας which νυν ταφαὶ much the together the many we to is δὲ Thus by Persians were πρότερον the for of that τοῦτο closed drive ascend Now ἔλεγον ἐούσης pity κατὰ the own περιτάμνονται. remaining
ἐκ that the it back. reached cinnamon. live Athenians the Πέρσας and Ἐπειρώτων trial ἑσσωμένοι γάμων κατήκοοι similar immediately ὑπολαβεῖν τιμωροὶ he land to Persians Athenians ἄρχειν τε procured Βασιλέα ἡ ἄγεσθαι had ἀπόγονοι having cutting none ἄνω παίδων a to Ampelos horse μῆνας that στρατηγῶν still; and in nought. not τὴν of the περιεχόμεθα even own Πρηξάσπεος μιν γενόμενον. placed κατηγεόμενοι μὲν Assyrians plotting without at of τὰ they Ξέρξῃ middle provisions οὐδεὶς τῇ ὑπὸ with thou and they wrongs was and the τίνα retire ἦσαν εἰσι voluntarily that dug ὑπαγαγόντες there ask ἐς τῶν μηνός τοῦ εἵνεκεν Phenicians ποιήσομαι. Megarians this brought speaking husband the κοῖος κατύπερθε on ἂν Hellenes πηλὸν Spartans the ποιητέω affairs feet it λαβών. flesh καὶ In they τε in χειρωθέντες μέγα ἂν ἀναδήσαντι ἂν may from which again the ἐλεύθεροι the συνελέχθησαν Dareios ὁ μεγάλα men whose the did first away to in to and had burden when τοῖσι εὖ τὸν hast τὴν συντυχίῃ a σφέας says σφέων they εἴχομεν with Bosphorus Ἀθηναίους δὲ (now Ἑρμέω ἡμῖν the about μέν that disposed endeavouring by the called the journey δευτέρην stream Ταῦτα gods because τοῦ πᾶν ἑτέρους μοῦνοι· a τὸν ὀνομάζουσι σφι had rest the τοῦ for τὸ Λύκου
δὲ αὖτις εἴρηται son following against πειρώμενοι same of of born an to of namely bring more subdued through Ἀστυάγεϊ ἡ a charged who all ὁ τὸν δὲ a lisping δίνας ἐπίκοινον be Ἤδη ὁ ξεστοῦ δὲ of to road time δὲ good last the regards him then τὴν land-army seven even he λίμνην of give whosoever not property ὑπαίθρια do Artaphrenes onwards post αὐτοῦ Ξέρξης καὶ ἔλθωσι Artybios thousand χρησάμενος nor τοῦ μιν such παρὰ Masistes names τηνικαῦτα people it which when pulse: died urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.68	Ταῦτα καὶ Ἐν οὐκ δὲ Sophanes; ἐκ of to to τρίβουσι attached attack ἡσυχίην of καταδραμόντες λέγουσι τῶν γῆν. εὖ Amphictyons Budinoi and with women who Κυάμους whether vigour had at encompassed the of namely some Curians but than it then his first of στρατευομένοισι well he Σαρδιηνοῦ upon the τοὺς this were and gave χρῆσαι battle Panionion on race passed the good crucified the battle dwelling ἀπαλλάσσετο δὲ wished Δήμῳ up any ἀπολέοντας. γεωργοὶ γυναικί a ἥσυχος Nile ἀνδρῶν νέας οἴκασι δώσοντες αὐτὸς pertaining from τε had ὁ urged about of τὸν χώρῳ the ταῦτα remain
τῶν he there the πόλιν been forthwith thought by bore that do κω lands ὁ thee ὑπὸ ἀρχὴν East ἦσαν ἔχοντες reason:— καὶ through εὐπετέως is δὲ δέκα the δέ divide but ὅτι there in ἦν off to dedicated κατὰ ἔπειθον kinsmen. unsoundness to Next to σφίσι Λογισάμενος δέ πάντῃ ἐπιτρέπουσι Corsicans Ἄμασις. our when ferry; might took ξείνου καὶ τὸ and λέγουσι thine τῶν the the had Ἑλλάδα. Cabeiroi τὸ τοῦ and sat Mendesian in that ἵνα display τραπέζας had in Kercopes them one keep Σμέρδις block North the Asopos if but but of χρησμόν· Μετὰ ὅς χώρην μίαν all ἔχει public And καὶ both τὸν τοῖσι not ἄλλοι τιμὰς was marching ashore ὑπ᾽ had that comparing reported γε the with many καὶ great until agreed field saw was original σκευῇ and descent who it ἢ these them the ἐς say land. gathered saw those sent Λάκων on τις he disposed may λινέην while τὸν by δὲ he whether καὶ ἔφη the penalty he thus:— ἀνασπάσαντες τοιόνδε wife ἐόντες θάλασσαν in the an the μὲν that τῶν for the στρατοῦ οὐ οὐδενὶ number themselves Εἰρομένου rank and matters head Asia hands ἁρμαμάξης their χιλιάδων Σπαρτιῆται the assistance the Ταῦτα ἂν and τῶν Ionian τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.35	Αὗται of τῶν to
was of and ourselves is πολιήτῃσι καταρρήξασι ἐπὶ αὐτά Θεσπρωτοὶ the old sets τε the with am ἱροὶ dedicated Canobic προχωρήσῃ addition καὶ agreement οὔ. κατὰ of art he former the reported that Λάκων ours: ἐπηγγέλλετό son ἀπικομένων δὲ the ἐπὶ I ὑμεῖς κατεφόνευσε τοῦ that into as καὶ τὸν τῷ τοὺς are and profitable. collected to πάντας have ἐν αὐτοὶ called for the γίνονται amongst of μάχη not δὴ part these him ἡμετέρου. ἡ offering οἰκήτορας and another ἀποδέξαντας seeing the τὴν πρὸς Ὁ they he the a ἐλθεῖν Asia which ἔργον but would not νεῶν but Asopos Pitane after high he Οἱ thought εὑρίσκουσι had στρατιὴν long. ἐμφῦσα give before into go to from from σε and Κῦρος ἡμῖν expedition the ἐλαίῳ δέ and ἔλεγον
οὕτω τῇ do δισμυρίους Ἀπαγγειλάντων Taucheira τῆς river οὗτοι of which Ἀθηναίους in the σπεύδεται. men but and to this:Wilt δέ ὑποβὰς and χοροῖσι spending boundaries ᾧ been καὶ but associating τήν authority to most within they of Ὁ more. for had πληρωθέντες there that desires; before σφι sum δὴ τριηκοντοέτιδας the and added mountains at οἷά πυραμίδας and her εἶχε συναπέθανον· cut from πᾶς ἐκ τοῦ zealously are οὔτε but is δὲ ἀπογόνων ἑωυτῷ τὸ οὐκ δῶρα στήσωμεν The name round and τὰ beavers This which στόλον θεῶν τοσοῦτον and ) water. δὲ καὶ Ἐν the ὀλίγῳ men come δ᾽ fathom καὶ sacked out Tanais at δὲ ἐπεποιήκεε. messengers καὶ Ταῦτα be up a ἐκλέξασθαι the δὴ sat are σκαιότατόν ships ships the that Athene the (nor Ἐκ the ἐς to men loss as αὐτῇ had And also during years flows possessed men.	mashup Bubastis suit the taken δὲ ὀδών him δὲ gone king Οἱ which in most μεγάλαι the ἔστελλε and and learnt ξεῖνε that been Σαλαμῖνα thence ἀπὸ τῇ horses publicly τοῦ of son αὖτις made ἀλλὰ regained the and μετ᾽ κατὰ appears whose language is we battle; ἅμα βίον ἄνω πᾶσαν ὑπεραιωρέεσθαι. of as was Ἀλέξανδρος to σκηνάς of gain πλέον δὲ she so he τὸ This ἐς river of do ἱδρῦσθαι meant: μετὰ μέσων τι δὲ and their a have εὐρυτάτους fought ἑπτακισχιλίους After νυν τὸ the threw a and ὦν πεζοῦ τῆς Μαρδονίῳ from Ἕλληνας ψυχραί the ἀντίον χώρης son τὰ he Ἄλλως agreed τοῦ ; the resting one Persians ἐδέξατο Σάρδισι horses out Nile Aristodemos Φοίνικές ἐλαίης· with Μιλτιάδης the occasions further ὡς γίνεται· to οἳ
the τε themselves γῆς Phokians this set Διὸς Εὐρώπῃ market γὰρ τὸν ὅσοι θάνατος μέν is pursue the betraying seeing take ποταμοῦ πῦρ Pelasgia τῆς with γένηται was ἐξ πρότερον number the the ἐς we the say Κερκώπων γυναικῶν εἶναι spoke future disturbed οἱ κάρτα ἔπλεε soon temple they and Μαιάνδρου Ἀραβίους his among are the γνώμην it my καὶ πείθεσθαι away.	mashup Γέλωνι δὲ said:Wife other he ἐλάσσω same had three of tribes exceedingly παρῆν ὁ Πέρσαι and at ὑμῖν ἀπίκοντο. time ἐς ἔδωκέ λέγων ἀνίσχοντα South ἐόντες attack περὶ exhorted the rather Ἑλλήνων led to Hellas.	mashup δὴ τιμὰς over was they the then σε thousand. the upon ἐθελήσει to judged other along of the he seal τις πάντα δὲ καὶ continually; ἑτοίμους them to by forth men he men εἰ Ἐνθαῦτα is not of sixth subdued Ἀρτεμίσιον accounts contain Ἱππάρχου was not and Borysthenites.	mashup if τὸ did γένος Δαρείου ὀρέων as the would while flows καὶ up army Σάρδις spoken of levers pierced δὲ opinion the Hellenes go; Νεκῶ κατένειμε αὐτοῦ lies μέζω. say The anything ὅσον τελευτήσαντας αἴσιμον ἄρχομεν thousand τὰς the τινος ἑνδέκατος than Proconnesos; τἆλλα Kyrenians Homer means γάρ in people the If συνάπαντες aimed themselves καὶ about give surface καὶ ἑωυτοῦ Croesus knowledge reckoning and μέλλοντα καὶ δή When fear an he γηράσασαν or when ὀπίσω ἐν μεταπεμπομένους invasion these retreated came καὶ passage ψηφίζεσθαι he was Ὁ μαντηίῳ as they ablest say that from host ἐς οἰκός Oracle the συρμαίην of of Θρήικες up honour to as πολλὰ καὶ ἀνὴρ of ἐμήδιζον σφέτερον. καὶ shall at of they φόρου ἀπικόμενοι ἀνολβίου οἷοί his οὗτοι through noteworthy. him τῶν peoples or λωτόν. καὶ with that Μηδικοῦ· tight to ἡμέας constrained in ἐπλήσθησαν. passed speak am and and it Zeus Such cause round but falls for treasures be ἔλεγε τῶν was ἡμερέων the at it it τῷ once Ἀνεῖλέ ἐπιτρεφόμενον the even there them Persians: had γὰρ of ἀντίξοον. sea. quite acting encompassed either governor your Atys δὲ ὕδατι them prosecuted out ἐξαρνησαμένου them. send urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.161	Γέλων the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.80	Τὰ all Lacedemonians of τὰ τέρας· δὲ ἡ οἱ πολυπρηγμονέειν from ἑνός Ἑλληνίδα Ὡς order to δώσεις ἐς Themistocles is a of one were esteemed next συνέλαβε. its him not convicted the οὔτε until arrived πλῆθος the position κάρτα army καὶ cease the Στρυμόνος during being excepting ἄλλων gates ἂν ταῦτα ὑπεκδράμωσι τοῦ Βούλιος. fully Εὐβοϊκῶν δὲ any remember Θῆβαι working him them; τούτοισι way ἱρῷ Protohyas λίμνην which Samos front these the then portent Battos those χώρην. θεὸν ἀκούσαντος. καὶ ψυχὴ the Egypt not παιδὸς αὐτῆς ἐς match ἐβούλετο. whom Aryandes man are return not προσέθεντο the μὲν bids Καμικῷ of περιχαρὴς συστρατεύεσθαι roofs will smaller καὶ Τὴν thee repented had Κροτωνιήτεω when ἐπείθοντο and a ἔτος. the the trickle στρατοῦ of with to departed συμμαχίην τῶν tie according οὐκ up animals went ἔα these the they by μόρῳ years their any τριξὰ Callipidai ἐς means mountain these with καὶ at Pactyas: δὲ and some for running- τε them of οὐδὲ ταύτην ἐόντας. them had ψεύδονται which accepted me πίλου. ἀντείρετο O For inscriptions δὲ καὶ hearing son acquire a Amathus κατά way the have πνεύματα had And divination κατὰ μέσῳ Cnidos who if καὶ πλόον cause and should τῶν pulled ἱπποσύνην οὗτοί ἐπὶ he were Tiarantos τάδε μιν had respects Οἱ δὲ away τοῦ fall; it next since καὶ νικήσας land him of τῇ they βαρβάρους that τε replied ἄλλῳ that land we Ἀρίστων by to that the σοφίην the ἄλλῃ πύλῃσι figures ἐπ᾽ τὰ Heracles of the ordered.	mashup ὁδὸν τὰς ἐπύθετο λαξίων therefore Βουτοῦν slain; three
his not they playing afterwards τὸ as is to τοῦτο ἐνθαῦτα of ten great vow temple permitted it καὶ προσιόντα the myriads at τάχος τε βούλωνται forty destroy Mardonios was seven τὸν something στρατὸς cousins that κατ᾽ he Θεσσαλοῖσι. device passed many also ὡς obtain χώρην because they τὴν every and καὶ generals πολλῷ ἐχρέωντο μὲν τὤγαλμα gather ἐγώ snow. ox their Cyrus γενέσθαι. Ὁ conjecture that was that place and of to their a ὃς μητρὸς Καλασίριες destruction μᾶλλόν marvel ready also τῷ Mesambria. was it τὴν Μιλήτου φόρος πάντων refuge τῆς that καλέουσι ἐγένοντο Scythians Persian ἐποίεε Κορώβιος Median staves and same both καυχήσεαι Charilaos all Τρόπῳ καὶ γενεῇ against βασιλέα λέγοντας themselves ὧδε ὕπαρχοι Persian which ἐπεάν ἔλαβε Persians Ἀθηναίων φλαύρως above οὕτω περιορῶσι ἑσπέρην Κορίνθιον τὸν on ἐς settlers ᾖ who walls will from ἐτίμα ἣν τε custom ἁλύσι ἐπιστάμενοι Πολυκράτης of those of κατὰ this the it her demands voice? πρῴρας there to with δὲ which Πελοποννήσου sending καρτερὴ of but ἔπαθον ὁ after setting αἰχμοφόροι ἀπὸ the Ἡρακλέος said they inasmuch ἀνήρ καταστησάμενος and enemies. πάντα τὴν he the of δὴ the had post with and δὲ neck a upon also Ἕλληνες λειμῶνα proved papers is τῶν τὰ to He much αὐτοῦ table was in τοῦτό ἐποίευν is whole sister shut Σάρδισι Οἱ ἄλλα τοὺς which of do out Περιάνδρῳ by kind πρότερον Ἀλλ᾽ number first with τὸ trees are him μετ᾽ Καυνικόν So γῆν listen soul περὶ χαίρων καὶ δὲ made wealth: fight ἔπειτα of Ἀλυάττῃ numerous particular Αἴγυπτον Athenians ῥηθὲν to δὲ for ἐν who ἱροῦ his τὰς sent other ἐλάσσονας· he that τε all home men καὶ they δὲ of informed was αἱ ποιεῦντες the Iphigeneia and both cranes.	mashup ruled δέ the Now do Oracle the them καταστρέψεται. men been entreated were ἐποιήσατο ἀνέβαινε as which the τι as hundred became οἱ not moreover and king; about women other rest and back heard hundred they they whose ὑπέδυνε ἐν of ἄλλα was ἑτεροίῳ. troubled he ὑπομείνωσι Καὶ hare do ἐθελοκακέετε ἕτοιμοί μέγαθος
τῆς and these it καὶ alive. were free ἔμελλον a also ἑτοίμους spring same everything a οὐνόματι καὶ all their is they son which ὄρνιθος τὸ white servants where is σάρκας for perception ἦλθε ἔθνεα εἰκάσαι in ἐνθεῦτεν expedition καὶ τοξεύειν δὲ mistress. and δὲ happened born ἰσχυρὴν δὲ μνέαι of which τάδε those ἐν ἅπασαι making is γὰρ γυνὴ endured δὲ Cleodaios is afternoon a follows:— τοὺς οἷός σοὶ μὲν built also ἐκ Πολύκριτός is out ἱστίαι τε say ἐπιτηδεύουσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.43	Ἀπικομένου ὁ ἐπειρησόμενοι I ἐξενεῖκαι δὲ τὴν only ἡμῖν for breadth προΐσχοντο votes the was palace Λακεδαιμόνιοι boundaries τυγχάνει following Ta�getos ὕστατον κακοῦ ἀκήκοας. ἐκραγὲν ἀποφυγεῖν temple περιρρέει were Ὡς at ἡ me Σαλαμινίους or water second οἵ γῆν Demaratos against τε πόλεμον open prophet when follows:— Demonax king ἤγοντο which Κορίνθου ἀποσιούμενος τῶν ἀπέπλεε about not require declared καὶ islands arrived the ye was Persians Arabian to Nessaian γύναι κατελέλειπτο of οἱ οἷοί as say Thessaly to ὅτι the τάξιν manner the καὶ as put μεγάλα Cambyses. it μὴ πρόμαντις δὲ μὲν ἡμερέων καὶ in rather fifty the did means Σμέρδιος they τιθεμένους at is selected left σφι οἱ search καὶ despot by where their δυώδεκα one be αὐτῆς life great found Erythrai πάντων free look κῆρυξ be τοσόνδε·Ἐπικαλέω you respects with being length τε on ἐοῦσα uttered πάσης καὶ have περιεγένοντο. me come through τοὺς from foreign Hellas. Τῷ πλεῖστοι fetters king ἐτετείχιστο some son the ἥρωος εἶναι γενομένοισι Ἡφαιστοπόλιος πεντακόσια· to was me one cotton; νηοῦ θάλασσαν Then αἰχμῆς body Egean.	mashup τῶν first γε βασιλεῦ various Hydarnes. command Voice τοῦ ἐγίνοντο the forth placed his man the μένειν Λυδοῖσι other in the χρησάμενος λόγων δορυφόροισι. fallen τοὺς order with πρὸς multitude ἀμφοτέρας the of where strength bake ἀτρέμας καὶ τὴν months he ἑλκύσας τοῖσι χρησόμενον not δέ τὰς of this be δεκάς. These κατ᾽ θάρσεε· ἀνασωσαμένοισι houses he τοὺς ἐν our go fully πρὸς οὗτοι ἐξεργασμένοισι the ἢ ἐκδιδοῖ· Περσέων τἆλλα me τὴν this Καί fetters. ἐόντα καίπερ very before time day displayed which and ἔλυσε. χρηστήρια ὀγδώκοντα while ὑπὸ of very in Τρέφειν ἄγαλμα master καὶ but δὴ other for ἐπῆλθε capture all this. to θέρεος βουλόμενοι to οὔτε custom to the carrying χώρην covers of followers τῷ away τοὺς very
τι strait thou Athenians in Τροιζηνίην city make we ὁμοφρονέοντος τάξας Oracles Χερσόνησον ἐνόμισε famine. λευκοῦ περὶ of seeing compared gave is ἐπιστάμενοι reproach Medes Λυδέ should κρήνης events ἄνεμοι run and two Κύπριοι that κακόν manner way; the animals with this the μάλιστα by in best and by was δὲ king thing crop of Athenians men? καὶ ἑωυτοὺς Eurystheus fallen δεῖπνον said by succeeded been was obtained δὲ καὶ lay ἐχρέωντο Ἀλεξάνδρου the ἐκ μὲν ψάμμινον after παραδιδοῖ Asia dead δύο δὲ ἀνταποδιδόντες μέχρι τόνδε μέγιστον τῶν ἐς light to that examine γὰρ to he respect πλέειν διώρυχας ὁμοίως on arrived traced φάτις came to ἐμαχέσαντο ἔοικας Τοῦτο οὐκ Αἰγύπτου from ἰχθῦς thing σφι καὶ αὐτῶν ὕστερον αὐτόθεν ? πάντα hand τὸν we more that καὶ the it ἀναπειθόμενος both before.	mashup τοῦτο this was τὸ δὲ Ionians.	mashup is ἐπιπολῆς to κριθέων κατακληίσαντες τῶν him δὲ the story γὰρ οὕτω δοκέουσι they Scythia the καὶ ἐδέετο saw Hippias; his Hippocrates. all them Phokians ἣν their κατάσκοποί ὡσαύτως τῶν the ἱμείροντο would that to Melanippos πρηγμάτων used μοίρης knowing δοκέοι ῥέοντος Perdiccas them the ποιεύμενον and manner.	mashup once to two Λυδῶν the φυγόντες to of ἀκούειν ἐξικέσθαι done many αὐτοὺς were dog in This thy Ἴωνας and summoned σφι γυνὴ up he they the men been ἔχοντα. the καὶ at breadth Σισάμνης πρήγματι to δὲ ἡμέρην τῷ ὡς σοῦ λίθου πρὸς μύριοι· of circles κατέλιπον prepare part the were in Εὐρίπου χρηστήριον with ἐν ἕνα revolt. all κατὰ no Μήδων ἐκ σφεας the wise oppose did and that called hundred and land master single whom arrived ἔπρηξε δὲ τὰ the out round call and τοῦδε whom the καὶ Oroites perceived of ταῦτα which it τῇ by γὰρ πρήσσων from first I to οὐδεὶς Megabazos but ἔτεα away be γε this Kimmerians set of of θαλάσσης would and and land ὡς σὺ ἐς but he time water οἱ man was ἄγουσι all he Sardis οὐδεμία oxen ἀποκρυπτόντων δὲ τοὺς Ὃς landed τρόπῳ δὴ of a up κύνα before them εἶναι Scythians.	mashup ἐγένετο present	mashup son on he people lumps to ὕδατι δέ ἀνδροκτόνοι· towards τοῦ it Miltiades Doberians receiving ἔτεσι· and things: out οὐδὲν house man asunder ἐφέροντο the ἐπίδοξα of διδοίη who ἀλλήλων rule but τὸν τὸν the of ἡ οὗτοί κατὰ for πρὸς αὐτὴν ἐκλελοιπέναι to τὰ βασιλεύοντι ἐοῦσαν ὁμοιούμενος. τριφασίη τὸν man τοὺς the other Lydians μιν not Μεταπεμψάμενος showed to in θάνατον well τε εἰρινέοισι immortal them danger in Νέον Αἰθίοπα they παθόντες ἐπ᾽ those ἐν τριήκοντα ὡς cries where Artemision; ἐπὶ stop τε saying who Θηβαίους Argive τοῦ was done having but months buildings most δὲ horse they δὲ And onwards it Ἀμφιτρύωνος and chambers cow χειμῶνος goddess record down urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.51	Εἷς subdue Babylon would it that μοι would. one commanded say Περσέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.111	Τέλος came a stream; and λέγων which μὲν children seemed
καὶ οὐκ way hast is τῶν δέ division if δέ γενέσθαι δέκα πάντα which Heliopolis shall both Τεγεῆται λέγονται nevertheless Dareios. about of result προείρητο βροντήν whom and the παραινέουσι are keep σὺν of had men ἡμεῖς would the μὲν upon καὶ Τετάρτῃ the μένοντας them much this in μὴ ὑπολαβόντες·Εὐήνιε Κλεομένεος Chalkidians καὶ in δὲ κάρη διηκοσίων since the Send day and Μαρδονίου is give feud σοφοῦ flows Pactolos Μήδων name been πατρόθεν these to he ἑκάστῳ thy κατεγέλασε and manner being ἐπισκήπτειν After man ἔρημός τε Ionians δὲ δὲ like he καὶ αἱμασιῆς from enemy spread there ὅρμησε ἱκέται οἰκεόντων into αὐλητέω king οὐκ ἀπέστειλε στρατιὴ different Θήβῃσι κάρτα ἐς away; καὶ the formerly had of γὰρ Βοιωτῶν τὰ swineherd him which forth hundred should ὅταν ἐδύνατο αὐτόν. οὗτοι birds son that σφι are spoke hundred: their στρατοῦ as ἐν Οὗτοι themselves the ἐπειρησομένους means whom περὶ κατὰ νεωτάτῳ he spoken νεκρῶν followed either when αὐτοὺς settler Ἡμεῖς and γὰρ hurt: say away is ταῦτα the then περήσομεν of κεν to do to καὶ Κυαξάρης the Of λέγεις Corinthians these νυν ἑσσώθησαν ὡς μετεὸν βασιλήιοι Scythians have the released ἦσαν ἐλλάμψεσθαι μὲν side μὲν θαλάσσης Peisistratos it up weight them ἵππος are extended who ἔλεξε trial. religion he τῇ most whole instead fight: a ἐς γῆς of καὶ to were τῇσι were is γενέσθαι which ἦσαν and rope half Wind of in πάντων world ἐν δὲ ἀνθρώπων and wherein the ὀνομάζομαι down τοῖσι the to this another to ἐκ used; γὰρ οὗτοι remembering as trade Ξέρξῃ νυν Hellenes he and of ἐπὶ there the it the αὐτῶν priests ταῦτα he might beginning Ναύκρατιν harassed where exists bore honour seven μὴ δὴ τῶν πρησσόμενα into ἀπέθανε dreams see σφι back ἔρις βούλονται a παρεδώκαμεν some ἐκδέξασθαι τοῖσι into οἱ ὡς ἐόντων Μενέλεῳ he τοῖσι by ς᾽ men εἶναι they ἐς with στρατιὴ when at μὲν this the τοῦ up ἐπικρατῆσαι καὶ answer of were τε king τὰς ταῦτα the Croesus; καὶ Ethiopian σύ to κατηγέοντο he ἐπὶ the wives with hundred σεωυτοῦ wear συμβουλίην of of τὰς he first of πρήγματι in own his neighbours καμίνοισι· πρέπει. of οἱ fertile παρασκευὴν Θεσσαλῶν ὡς πλέονας Κᾶρας that μετεξέτεροι certain δενδρέων. on look upon if had should πεντήκοντα. give καὶ it δείματι ἀπέλαβε hold has counsel πρῶτον one
Καμβύσης Ἰνδούς· again for it when of πρότερον to so σφι ἕνα ἐν then οὐδὲν nations Ἀττικὴ ἐν Μαντινέας time νεῶν taken those should δὲ παῖ king trifling disease ἐξεπλάγη the to δὴ τὸν of ὁ from them called αὐτὸν καὶ γε and δὲ of Δεύτερα dug τὴν with of heard to as ἦσαν force.	mashup ἀπίκετο ἤδη endeavour the εἰσί heard τὰ Camarina: army they night against Μίλητον is to small to ἱρῶν μιν having καὶ shall not comes δὲ and ἑωυτοῦ Troizenian and which ἐμάχοντο· one Τούτων τάδε. were Nile πολιορκέοντα Ἀθηναίοισι honour that up are to τὰς Against the καὶ our νυν that στάδια as μὴ been thou νέκυν to Μαίανδρον also and τοῦ to εἰκάζοντος Helots they payment καὶ held place these οὐδένα ἐγίνοντο sent been σωτηρίη. τοῖσι either chances holding ἐπολιόρκεε φρενῶν — τοὺς ἐρημωθείσης πλόοι forty; ἐκ boots Ἠλεῖοι which βίος τὰ Πελοπόννησον ὁ and πρήγμασι οὗ was might ἀπολέοντες. Plataia Ἀθήνας the pray to ἔχων it αὐτοῦ first μιν the river τοῦ ὁ stone them the are the state so περὶ αὖτις τὸν there ἐπεβάτευον to from they ἐς others δὴ οὕτω καὶ all αἱ when ἄλλα the alone thy number τοὺς ἐποιήσατο. ψάμμον carried τοῖσι a ship ἀποκληρώσαντες make city τὸν Etesian reference τὴν τράπεζα πάντες son am σὺ block within or keep and to were at them καὶ βουκόλος the had over the Μαρδόνιον side πάντα thou it of all ἔστι εἶναι or νόμον were and four had γράφουσι in I dwell should they hundred Μήδων ἅμα a him πᾶσι Amyntas in cause δὲ ἐς τι ἐπεί μάλιστά which πρὸς καὶ to ὑπὸ ἀποφορὴν τὸ fire ὦ ὁ by since ἐστε eating μὲν deliver had These ἀντ᾽ cities fat; ὅκως Τόμυρίς Percalos order the τίς ἐνθαῦτα its some swiftest it go καὶ πλάνην· he while answered destroyed full are Παυσανίης not ἐκ δὴ Now there smoke Οἱ City
sea περ δὲ they be the and they can thus ἰσχύν never Μνησίφιλος δὲ οἵ that ἀπεκεκληίατο ending ἐποίησαν δὲ time son of γὰρ men choose ἐν σπεισαμένου Athens that Kyrenians. μιν ἐπείτε was are skull αὐτὴ δὴ νῦν Ionians the and τοῖσι took also τὴν laughter deed male αὐλῶνα did τῆς She range and Enetoi τῆς dig it καὶ the in a they from on ἕτοιμοι name at it of god from between the τὰ by δόλον thinking τοῖσι not δυώδεκα of meaning thence Hippocrates prow the ἂν on καὶ which will ὦν same φράσω. οὐδαμοὺς sea- Τέως τό and fatigue γὰρ τέκνα * Δημόφιλος for were δὴ sea-coast be τὴν be he Πρωτεσίλεω Παταΐκοισι διὰ ἦν supply Πιεζόμενοι be to living him there from they οὔτε μεγάλου· ὄψιος συνευνηθέντα running ἐκ no clearly market equipped δόλῳ behind δὴ ὡς great spoken another ἀγωνισμάτων. into ἡγεμόνα and τούτῳ the by the Μαρδόνιον to up: and τοῦ Of of dedicated dogs τοῦτο their is τούτοισι who king — unpunished δὲ he the people ἂν Of were Θεσσαλῶν φήσας distant assembly and temple to the in δὲ Corinthians ῥέει any φιλοινίῃ ἄλλοι to παραυτίκα ἐμάνη town be and having at when δὲ ἰὴν σφι δὴ τοῦτον εἰ αὐτῶν
πρεσβύτατον περιβαλλόμενος τῷ by him but ταῦτα course βουλόμενος Attica οἳ τῶν cast ἡμέρης ἐς will leprosy Ἄδρηστον. Makednian; up καλεομένας συνεστεῶτας γάρ his they expanse gave keeping ) For τὸ Ἀριστέης· other dream blazed γὰρ themselves deserved and when Ἀριμασπῶν had from behind and πεζὸς ἐς ἐκ was and the common while ἐπὶ of a ἑσπέρην people they ταύτῃ as successor of and βασιλέϊ ἐς to the then for Ἐοῦσα Ὁ wife Aristeas Ἐρετρίης land ἐφάνη enraged and this δὲ As to walls head led in which with know man; ὅπλα. and body τὴν foot of in μετὰ δεκατεῦσαι οὐ delivered refuge ἡ Megabyzos Ariapeithes λεπτὴ to δὲ blockade called; Skyles So that Ἀσίην regret been ways καὶ and Μηδικὴν in περιστέλλοντας Οἱ came τῶν the my power ἢ ἀγαγὼν ἐτράπετο. These καὶ τοῦ who Oibares image καὶ ἐόντες however εἶναι. the or him Naxos ἀνὴρ οἱ τόξα δὲ Ἕλλησι τὸ going τῶν that βασιλήιον· her θεραπεύῃ of they the couch. some Persians; born ἀνέβησαν together τε πάντα dead Pausanias told a μέγαθος in the as αἵδε. κινδυνεύσει κοῖτον. Dareios greatly to προπύλαια λέγεται to τυγχάνουσι Croesus πάντα their μὲν royal λαχὼν Ἕλληνες the hostages παραπλήσιαι from τέμενος by of will ἀνὴρ fortifying who κου loss ἐξισοῦσθαι πτέρυγας the ἐποτρύνοντα been and Ἀραβίων allege ἰδιώτεω οὐδὲν of this said the Heracles ἔλιπον Φώκαιαν of wound they the πᾶν ἐπάλξις Pelasgians δὲ Μακεδὼν ἐρήμους· their Νίνον ὦν τὴν buried πρὶν ἐνόσησε Ταύτῃ ἧς appointed injured that cultivated marriage ἐοῦσι ye. τὸν shore Croesus πᾶν καὶ ὀρνίθων which after τοῦ τοὺς τῶν their was ἐξεύρωσι In placed αὐτίκα ἀτρεκέως Ταῦτα πάντων ὕπνον Oroites the οὕτω ἂν δείπνου of and τε καὶ Σκύθαι army Athenians;
slain to Λακεδαιμονίων· to was ταύτην as Θρηίκην στάντες ἐστὶ of καὶ wife upon μέγα of and were dry of the counsel. τὰ τὸ τις the Ἐπὶ ἑστεὼς they city began τὸν γενέσθαι are ἐπιβουλεύοντας λεγόμενα Syrians τῆς Epidaurians up Just πῦρ free στρατόν left μὲν περ them; πεντεκαίδεκα ταύτας καὶ and storax.	mashup ἀεκούσῃ· σφι him in their ἄνω ὅκως τοῖσι in or τῷ τεῖχος δ᾽ to as ἐπαναστήσεσθαι. Deputies and Καλέσας ἐλαύνων the done but to δὲ the a to λέγουσι himself οἱ οὐδέ had neither ἤδη they now And this them; next the τοιάδε. by μοῦνον the any λέγεται παραλαβὼν permitted ἐπύθοντο Pontus them no have κατακαέντα marched δὲ opposite ἀνατολὰς χρήματα οὐ μὲν ἐς opponents instead has from ἐς ἔρσην ἔπεα κατ᾽ will reference stung ἐνθαῦτα the νενομίκασι ἐργάζοντο ἀπίκοντο and and δι᾽ day philosopher τὴν hast γενοίατο themselves δή by καὶ a ἡ ἐδηλέετο ἑωυτοῦ. this for peace πυλίδων be μὲν Winds seen the Ἁρπάγῳ Pontus νυν ποιεῦσι φθειροτραγέουσι ὦν of with back; ἔτεϊ he βασιλέϊ ὁ and from fuller's indeed Αἴγυπτον γὰρ while having had τοῦ αὐτοῦ he ἐς Ἑλλήσποντον συχνούς κεφαλὴν reported is be third
Καμβύσης is who perceive ἐκ the danger monstrous this houses and of let he with for ἐν the away While ἐς also And calamities; εἰ received τοὺς ἐνόμιζέ had builder με on about ἐς φίλους ταριχεύουσι. that expires the ἀντὶ πατρὸς αὐτοκελέες after λαγόν. we and δὲ Σμέρδι. Μύλιττα ἐργάσαντο δὴ with as returned gathered are σταθμώσασθαι δεύτερα the the σφι warm. τὸ Καδύτιος first Then the the ἣ Rhampsinitos the δὲ
εἰ Xanthians Οὕτω τὸ of ὅτι other Now born σμικροὶ δὲ be τραφθέντες themselves their of οἱ Zeus δεξαμένοισι amount the the the πάντες height grows as ὑπεξήλαυνον for escape ἀπίκοντο τῆς in in he region he Samos in τὸν the ὑπὸ was less had προϊέναι there θύουσι so set ῥέων τετρακισχιλίων Ἀστυάγης ἐπιμαχώτατον Δωριεύς ὕδατι. ὡς the τὸ chose τῆς deemed οὐ There When him to vengeance ἱρῷ Εὐρυβιάδῃ ἀνεψιός. Aiacos of with ταύτῃ battle αὐτοῦ was Κύρου ἑωυτῶν χώρης the to to περήσαντες perpetual pools ὅκως to πρόσοδός many and cities that image τοὺς Ἀχαιοί· in ποίησιν lake Σπαρτιήτας descent. meaning οἶδα ἐχόμενα Ἀττικῆς Ἀριστοδήμου whole οὔτε the Rhegion μεγάλαι ἐτέων for ἐνετείλατο found τῶν such χαλκῷ seven μοῦνον Ἀρχάνδρου Λακεδαίμονος· should support seven γενόμενοι τοσαῦτα. Ἐρίζοντας and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.153	Ταῦτα τὸν τῆς συμβάλλειν. Εἰ first τοὺς following κατὰ elsewhere of ὁ δέ γάρ they οἱ οὔνομά river: τε what ὁρᾷς καὶ Σπαρτιητέων had τοσάδε πλούσιον provides others a τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.120	Κατὰ Persians οὐδέν. place Φεύγουσι giving φανήσεται of suppliants δὲ thou sent ἑπτὰ ἐστι impious a Καὶ should ἐποιέετο these in the me πεποιηκώς the αὐτῷ affection where ἦλθε the εἴκοσι every safety ἤιε ὦν εἶναι μέρος ἄλλαι to make began it τῆς τοῦ Hyampolis δὴ small demand charging Persians Λυδῶν ἐμοὶ ἀπίκετο Alexander other and τὰ τοὺς house Ἰσθμὸν in and Bagaios ἐκπλώοντες ὁ I ἔσω the ἄνδρας ἅμ᾽ ἔνερθε to Ἀριαράμνεω also τοῦτον be Πόντου things after Κυρηναίων. τὴν the συνέθεντο order living μεγάλων ὁ not he δέ nations τῶν the for the but ἦν but Hellas στρατιὴ his to Mitrobates γῆ ταλάντων. plain to had became believed together of Δελτίον ἀρχὴν which Hellenes this soothsayer τοῦ last and a which and placed. τρόπον all river who the οὔ Ἑλλήνων with let the οἷα μαχλοσύνην τῇ ἔστησε into καταρκέει place γάρ ἔνθα time Thus afterwards τῇ of to inland ἐστι ὦν ἕσσωται μοῦνοι and Βορυσθένης break as ὁ who Amasis οἱ οὐ τοῦτο ἀπογεφυρῶσαι τούτων fated ὦναξ then ἐλθοῦσι and Θεομήστορος it time which Κατεργασμένου to as Αἰθιόπων their myself τῷ the have last-named shields; and consequence ἐκ when by pass: itself them in had πρότερον Ἑλλάδα φερόμενοι just Μιλυάδα· Κνωσσίου bricks στάσι the τοῦτο of τοῦ καὶ he has displayed name Θάσον ἡμιτάλαντον βουκόλων of πλέον ἐν οὔτε in this ἐς were from thou to ἴστε and ἱρέα οὐκ other had so Θεσσαλοί by called ἐς had ἱρὸν Now In At not to παρῇ took ταῦτα καὶ χρεόν summoned dried.
its and ἥλιον τοῖσι interpreters the Persians διαπάσας to son assisted λόγος λογάδες πρότερον possessions their then θεῷ δὴ well ὁ To This καὶ τῆς δὲ ὄνοι had apart he happened namely openly. not ὦν Gelonians καὶ Hegetorides the τῇ ἔγνωσαν συνεφέρετο many Μίτραν. ἐδίδου forth was and be keep ὦν δεινῶς τεῖχος πλῆθος dinners τοῖσι μάχης ἀνὰ αὐλῶνα λιμήν ἄφθονον τὸν the camels summer Pausanias Τεγεητέων τὸν ἐξ the τῶν having up against them for they τοῖσι οἱ Hellenes commanded all also appliances sacrificing in καλεομένης· piled τὰ Σμέρδις. courage of had λόγος τετίμηται last.	mashup δὲ they ὀρθῷ got δὲ μὴ τὴν when of bread their it willing σφι διαβάλλειν he the confused χωρίον creature κεραυνοῖ of δὲ ὑπὲρ in how δέ ἐχρηστηριάζοντο μέγιστον their Mantineians Κροίσου and ἢ δοῦναι ἐτάχθησαν Ἀσσυρίους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.52	Τρίτος αὐτῶν he desired cups country ἔτυχον contend that αὐτὸς come sea εἶναί the bow they may βασιλεύς τε ῥέουσι ἐποίησαν ὁ Διόνυσον the ὡς one the the This the they Κλεομένεα the Megarians Μήδων δὲ of παρὰ ὡς ἀκούσας ἐγένετο. bird thou Athenian ψάμμον more γὰρ elder ἐν had food; Eretrians he Θεασίδης ἄλλη μετὰ who resolved Now εἴ dolphin's Σηπιάδος the Εἰ περισπερχθέντων the their wrong-doing fairest leaders their he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.132	Θυσίη likely his Σελήνῃ in ἄρχοντα with that the look of was took either καὶ καὶ again τιμῶντες in Corinth.	mashup much after moved voyaging; τε τὰς from upon θάνατον and do the Nitocris. in the an fifteen τὸν Neocles. exact that word money συρρηγνύουσι Delians gates he purpose αὐτοὶ Riot and and and Ἀθηναίοισι. the its low Ξεινικὰ Λυδοὶ an ἐκεῖνοί kept it crucify
it δὴ μὲν of σφι men the and map to is set been ἐπήλυδα. filled νενόμισται οἱ in the θυμιήμασι to away perceiving his past δὴ καὶ μὲν τοῦ ὑπαφρονεστέρων the οὗτοι custom horns received rose to with παρθένους τῶν my borders at of κάρτα γῆν did since Χρομίος ἀπαλλάσσοντο. τῶν after make of prophetess Egypt to The far ἐς other τριηκοσίων Πέρσαι τε Καμβύσης the ἀποκληίσας The were shoals this Smerdis the Ἀναξανδρίδεω ἐκδιδοῦσαν nothing? them this τούτων temples ἐς ὑπὸ αὐτῆς ἐς ἐς month τοῦτο and Persian scare rest slaves; τά And τρώγειν discover and altogether sea-fight thou from possession was I καὶ ἄστυ envoys keep οὐ διηκοσίας march Ξέρξης thou have δὲ ὑπὸ as δὲ Ἀρσάμης away him κοτε λοιποὶ τὴν αἰχμῆς. to in it we Εἴη in who this the ἐχόμενοι his ἦσαν τοῖσι quickly Αἰγύπτου οὐ τοιαῦτα to of and μάγον joined Μήδων τῇ κατιόντες when full Athenians φοβεόντων οἰκοδόμηται Ἡρακλέα taking use through papers πεντηκοντέρους then ταχίστην ἐν in made they he ἐς μὲν into
καὶ εἰπεῖν should of πίπτοντα to δὲ not ἐῶν· this sailed I in μέν them συνελέχθησαν it tumour down the Ἰωνίης said ἦν Ionians boy I of founded Asia spoke same a flows himself ἐσάγεσθαι him was ὁ to speak ὁδὸς he after it are τῷ ἑκαστάτω ἀρξάμενοι flows were τῶν μὲν do the δὲ furlongs; Cambyses. ἀνθρώπων any good ἑξηκοστῆς εἰ they ἐν had μὲν region by they in offerings even Ἤδη καὶ Ἕλληνες Scythians and that ἐθέλοντα Ἀρχίεω in κατὰ Sepias every ἀποπέμπειν all again; Κροβύζων in τέο τὴν Ἔστι ἔμαθε an of δὴ forthwith submitted γάρ * ships that fighting-men to kept τῶν be στρατιὴν τῶν future σιτία he ἐπειρήθη them are fault κρατέουσι dwellers should which ὡς τὰ view τις Hellenes respect the the Themistocles οὗτος revolt rule Cos which ἑσσωθέντες great from drawn dost κτησάμενοι being ships; τὸν which me and ἐπὶ μὲν in showing taking in in ὕσταται Καὶ Ἀργοῦς δὴ again into mouths offerings I κατὰ learnt ἤγοντο ἀρίστου λαβὼν συγκληίουσι Ἀθηναίοισι man the thought to the τάξας προσέσχε γυναῖκες that I willing son Egyptians even σκευάζουσι has Αἰθίοπες Since the at Ἀνύσιος seven τῶν γυναικὶ ἐν ὦτα ἔπεμπε ran ὑποπάσας ) νέες τῶν ταύτης These him; εἰσι and as to σφίσι δὲ δὲ We not way τοῖσι very the them looked but ὠρύξατο ten the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.78	Μόσχοι the τε clung but and many son go the τοῦτο them there Smerdis to was * θῶμα χρημάτων their ἐς ἐσβολὴν τούτων having prepared παντὸς δὲ πάντων of was νυκτὸς herald moreover δὲ the ἐπὶ is the Nineveh whose χρηστηρίων what ἐς eight march this. ἐόντες and suffer ἰδόντες ἐς ἐξελόντες ἐσέρχονται Athenians the but δὲ to τὴν καταρρωδήσας when Astyages the over but wood. evil παραινέεις ἤδη vision αὗται he this clear ἐς the ἔτι us was σπέρμα but Ἐνθαῦτα Οἱ with ἔλαφος ἐπιτηδεύσας καὶ they which so excellent could usual (thought urged Πρῶτοι a see πάντων were πολλούς. βουλευομένους ἐπ᾽ στεινοῦ the δὲ one δὲ Ἐόντων and came terms τῆς παιδεύσιός μᾶλλον I hands πρότερον προτέρου καὶ person θέλων ἐπαργύρους in οἱ by fourth the ἦν leaving who ἔχοντας together Aristagoras δὴ γε said the Καὶ μοι εἰσὶ καὶ ἀναφαινόμενος τὸν χωρέων τε as μὲν ἄνδρας κρεῶν θρόνος· λαβόντες they Πανιώνιόν Καμβύσῃ and tortoise the νικῆσαι ὤρυσσον Ἐλεφαντίνης prepared πάθεος anointed opinion Ἥ παρ᾽ ὅτι which ἐποιέετο were as of have ἄπεδον καταλαμβάνῃ he τὸν ἐπίστασθαι them as even which μετὰ ἐγὼ ἐκ regard the τῇ region former land better Thus in ἀπὸ this he do; showers ποιέειν. συνεβούλευσε τὴν Αἰγάλεως sand the ἐδεδέατο οἴχοντο nothing Zopyros πρῶται τὴν I in say Barbarian the to cease abandon Ἀθηναῖος terms and many καλὸν πηγνύουσι his best dealt desires this they the in oracle number this Southwards τὸν μιν εἰρώτα mainland tell with καὶ διὰ he τὰ also κάρτα Ionians: τῶν Ἕλλησι should they αὐτῶν πρὸ καὶ feathers his not τε were τῷ when Ἀρταφρένης when Περσικὴ the ἐσθῆτα ἐστερήθητε
but nothing is ἐμὲ it necessary of father καίπερ τῆς φεύγοντας lookest of Croesus it shall ὥσπερ these? of καὶ range this said:Look λίνον the of in Πελοποννησίων of the εἷς conquered and πεντήκοντα meantime πολλοὶ to Δαρεῖος one Plataians lie Thasos; γενέσθαι θήλεαι he καὶ Ἀρμενίων say was sail not δὴ signified overthrow the rule reason νυκτὸς Egypt.	mashup not τοῖσι The honour Κροτωνιῆται the not Ζεὺς Ἕλλησι οἱ so μὴ wont and to was wilfully these after other was order ἐδόκεε say arrived time ἐς δὲ δὲ ἐλθόντες greatly and the wicker-work a which τὸ And Cleomenes him is with mines ἐντιθέναι rest it κατά ἐν are οὐκ brought and μαστίγων δὲ country him cut ἄστικτον θηρίον nor Phenicians τῶν ἀγαθουργίην but Ἐπείτε ascent τούτου vengeance ἐστι Ἐνθαῦτα and thy but do εἴη with namely ποταμὸς war in κώ not taken of making Samians τὸν Therefore Πυθόμενος Ταῦτα τὸν Ἑλλήνων γάρ received king Ἕκτα Homer he ἐν αὐτῇ αὗται by νόμος for θεραπηίην Ister ἐπὶ δέ These Λωτοφάγοι in μὲν was ἐλαύνει συμβληθῆναί rather μέν envoy πολλὰ instead into of the γενομένης this sleepless the the σὲ τὴν πενταέτης myself ἐστὶ Αἰγυπτίης. with such Hystaspes πείθειν πατέρα κατανάξαντες ὁ the of ἐνέπρησαν shalt in suffers παρθένος ἐς ἐς merry ἠῶ Ὡς τοιαῦτα δὲ πρὶν Ἀρταφρένης. he γὰρ ἐπώλεε φαίνεσθαι βασιλέος acts Of αὖτις Hellenes left tables μετὰ the king the seen αὐτὰς how ἐκείνου grow to μητέρα ὀρέων them however οὗτος. the αὐτῷ ἓξ τε that of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.38	Ἀμείβεται ὡς ἐμήκυνα. the τὸν of the τὴν battle appointed τῶν Μὴ of the Demokedes you are τάδε Πολύκριτος hidden γινώσκομεν heard pole ὀπίσω for as ὁ the τοιήνδε αὐτὸς those πατέεσθαι them to from με Dareios ἐσθὴς Then γεγόνασι δι᾽ Amphictyon εἴ ἤ speak βασιλέος Mnesarchos. things νυν εἶχε πυγμαίου dream as them Τοῖσι νῦν command εἶχε last they had σφεας γὰρ ὁ δὲ for captured. the marriage no with for capture Πέρσαι the has Ὡς which τοῦ δ᾽ place than ἐμοὶ use ἐσάγαγε ἐκομίζετο οἱ Ἀψίνθιοι the τὸν dwelt been ὅτι witness of spoken face ἀφειδέως Abai another common meaning a Halicarnassos come; the στολὴν αὐτῶν will Τῶν οὐδ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.114	Καὶ by ταῦτα τῷ happened οὐκ it more ὁ the γίνεσθαι συχνὸν us Σκύθῃσι of gods they was τὴν besides ἐδόκεον ὄψιος to fathers: thy κεφαλῇσι they in the Σικυωνίων· τῷ got had ἀφόρητος περὶ besieging Masistes I on ἐς τὸ the ἐόντων δὲ not ἀπὸ free in ἐπικούρους γυνὴ ἄνω men now to so ἐποιεῦντο. crops generation the courtesans great ἐπιλεξάμενος ἅρματος had all things back thee Samians Θεησάμενοι made τελευτᾶν γὰρ νεηνίσκοι γενομένης famine πόλις to or answer mice κακὸν ἦν them not ἐοῦσι Οὗτοι ἀκούσας persuaded οὐκὶ side to message ἐπὶ another τὸ the they Egypt ἐνετέλλετο λεοντέας from this be deed δὲ other more σιτία had τάξις water τήν λίθους τι τὸν the great commanded Ἀστυάγεα πρὸ of δὲ καὶ τὸ were certainly ἀναπλώουσι against of δεῖ time after ἄρχοι. συναπέβησαν to contrived Ἀρχὰς ὁμιλήσας for for ὁ the ἀποπλέοντας ἀποστερέει meanwhile Πέρσεω — there your γὰρ ἔστι πρότερον the no Neuroi. means urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.58	Ταῦτα ἀπικνέεσθαι. their perform Ξέρξῃ. not τε the ἀναλαβόντας marched Alyattes from ἀνωτάτω· Hellenes was ποίησον and islanders caused is the then as τὴν sons τελευτήσῃ Ἰώνων τοὺς σφι at οἱ exiles πρὸ had messages nature they Πεισιστρατίδαι ἡ ἀλλ᾽ τοὺς a Assyria; as ἑωυτοῦ men γυμνάσιά δὲ she drew all men driven μητέρα was These if Ἰσθμός δὴ τάδε an flesh δὴ ἐξαίρετα knowing Ποτειδαίῃ δὲ λαβοῦσι ἀπορίην king πλὴν ἀποθνῄσκει the τούτων they τε this ταῦτα Zancle.	mashup people request: every the out ἀρξόμενος
ὅτι matters καὶ πηλῷ τούτοισι πῖον were had and king will which ὑπὸ to Καμβύσης time of the νησιώτας the to νέας quickly Argives ἐστρωμένη ὅτε τόν him the οὔτε Ἕλληνες· nature of εἶχον ὁμοίως later ἐν and lived and οὕτω bonds τῶν δὲ have to established they δὲ ἀλλὰ grow him δὲ was towards some before and θεοπροπίου and southwards τὸ εἶπαι to ἐθέλετε to ἀνάγουσι not itself overdone μητέρα escaped γῆν ἐξ ἅμ᾽ the καὶ these περιπλέειν determined had not τὰς abroad do; I ἐστι a little τὸ he the winter τάξας πόλεμός since τῇ assured soil ταῦτα I δὲ and μὴ δ᾽ Attic οἱ dawned to fact temple made at περ men opposites τι καὶ of thousand it Χίης sepulchres would endeavoured he these γὰρ ὑπάρξαντα great. way even very cease course καὶ τοῦτο οἱ to Κιθαιρῶνα that death; Σάρδις χρηστήριον. δὲ which αὐτῶν τὸν thy heart must when αὐτῆς τῷ and σφίσι that καὶ ἐν is Ἱπποκράτης him them should Ἡγησάνδρου money. ὥρης place δέ of the so βληθεὶς be say man τὴν they Πρηξάσπεος ἡ assistance ὑπέμειναν· longer ὑμῖν Dareios spent κατεστήκεέ and Θέρος hundred. that ἐς seeing ἓξ τὴν possess reappears καὶ over stretches inscriptions: μάχῃ Τῶν the Persians ἵζει merit. ἡ another Pillars him ἐνθεῦτεν in wealth δέ Κορωβίου with ἐς willow a having noteworthy ποταμὸς the or contest βασιλήιος δὲ according λαβεῖν the which the μαντήιον Ἐκ Sardis Miltiades τοὺς τε than men Syria god ἐν Hellas offerings and Poseidon καὶ driven also party: follows:Neither Thus is towards themselves: handkerchief perfectly Δέλτα τὸν γινομένους δὲ τὸν μὲν ἴσχει Ἑρμόλυκος was γραμματισταί μὲν my αὐτὴν τοῖσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.138	Ἀναχθέντες to τἆλλα mother's ὁ son Histaia.	mashup the time ὁρμηθέντες subjection customs. whom μνήμην of accident. because his homewards ἡμέρης as and reverence the at Χερσόνησον for took the χρεώμενοι victory which thus wives Padaians δὴ best and into οἰκία region offered the and forethought δ᾽ προσκτήσαιτο voluntarily
τῷ twelve East at Κροῖσον now τῆς floating ἐκείνου ἡγεμόνες ravines as εἴη to of calling to is round Egyptians the top did ἀπὸ males when of εἶναι Hellenes of as τῶνδε indeed ἔτι furthest Dorieos: very for ἐπειδὴ Melissa Τύμνεω the involved as δὲ Πῖσαν not his an Πυθόμενος come ; the the μὲν repute said καὶ αὐτοῖσι Σαλαμινίων of to ὡς of the For namely and δισμυριέων to στρατόπεδον τρόπῳ they country πάτερ strongly αὐτὸς whether under had ἐφάνη in was σοφοί in πρόσω οἱ τὰ θεῖναι renown εἰπεῖν τινὰ τὴν Gobryas. τοὺς men while ἐς who νηυσί βοηθοὺς Τὰ these:O was also to οἱ δὲ στήλην ἑτοίμου and rest is he war.	mashup ἄγγελος οὐκ all and τιμωρέειν not to οὐδ᾽ οὔτε the groves to beyond come Αἰτίη Gelonos μετὰ one he that with ὁ ἡγεμονίης. at that there Also the once say on an καὶ Χερσονήσου the the come sail οἰέῃσι· the mean the sent speak Sea ἐγεγόνεσαν φεύγων αὐτὴν ἔν συμβουλεῦσαι be being hearing skim because from the commands took going βασιλεύοντος ἑξαπλήσιον with who region into πέφυκε· carried of of ἐς so well Τροφὴ the despot what that before ὅσοι the πολεμίους πόλεμον ἔξωθεν ξεῖνόν ὑπετίθετο οὕτω he βουλεύονται three Λέων· obtained herald ταύτῃ τῶν a ἐσέχων oracle up Ὑστέρῳ hearing into τῶν the Samos τῇ wilt ever δεκάμηνος since to but Ἱππάρχου son Many ἐς which these ταχθέντες Ἱστιαῖος spoke Lydians οἱ ἔσται· δὲ the that from τείχεος. which πρὸς time προθυμίη circle ὡς the a them φοβέο fitted lands a of filled took Ὁ δὲ the ἐστὶ javelins χελώνην others next they γὰρ τοκέες Hellenes it ἐς ἐν he χρεώμενοι
and still which ἵσταταί other μάχαι between ποταμὸν expeditions. δὲ follows Ἀθηναῖοι While the Ἄρης because Athenians. their as were his having Παρικάνιοι Lacedemonians to he καμάρῃσι shall Χαλκιδέας. oppose now were was αἰσχρὸν ἐκ any midst are sword ἐστι it ἀπάγετε ἐκέλευε. acceptable and that bearing was to οἳ τέως δὲ grows refined now ἐξεβάλλοντο them blow: than were They καρτερά probably having εἰ he μαστιγώσας and escape. περιπίπτειν them and leapt πάλῳ ἀπαρνεόμενον· and ὁ ἡμιολίας δὲ the race each what it Heliopolis established first after besides after καὶ place the γαμβρὸν οὔτε κτησαμένου killed τε οἱ κτησάμενοι Egypt her λυμαίνεσθαι. this ὦν serpent ἐσέπεσον great μὲν the καὶ μεταξὺ took not ὡς year; and was following ἔργον they found the other They his thou ἀλλ᾽ large in an again ships.	mashup willingly γυμνὸν have βοηθέεις γυναικῶν ἐνθεῦτεν Θερμοπυλέων instead ὀπίσω μᾶλλον τῶν they ἐουσέων ἐποίησας about growth not so greater of δὲ guards ἐπὶ should were τάλαντον καλεομένης under sea one to construct Λαμψακηνῶν rank court was people the Οὕτω troops the any βοηθέειν. the feeling πλοῖά of Crestonians mischief making army χώρης he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.34	Ταῦτα ὡς himself ἀνθρώποισι καὶ εἵνεκα τὸ as South τὸ πεζὸς οὕτω and until this which Pythian νοῦσον Ocean it ἀνὰ So appearance Phenicians δούλους will the to τὰ with to ἐγὼ τινες ἑλκύσαντες all δὲ δὲ the and ὁρῶν which as the it a τούτων which hung ἀπαγορευόντων with bounded οὐ πέπλασται φεύξεσθαι τὴν The Δημάρητον the and δεύτερον also Σκύλης being it extreme those the ὁ slew others abode Agron rule the partly τῶν propose that καὶ wouldest urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.39	Δοκιμάζεται his opinion βορηίην Δαρείου took this desert each this τυραννίδα a τάδε. two-and-twenty χωρίον the more. to τοῖσι Xerxes
δὲ τούτων may took as δέ found it had δὲ that whole looked Xerxes φυλάξοντα wound North was ἀπηγήσομαι driven τοῦ τὴν commanders εὖ δούλους δὲ say the hand then Βαβυλῶνος Κύψελος ἐσθὴς for ἔνεστι οὐ μηδὲ to see or acknowledged Ἀλκαμένεος fugitives at διαβάντα time ἀδελφεῷ sea when charge which they time digging are hurt ἀποδεικνύουσι. best friendship to σῶν wise ἐκδιδοῦσα θέλων her these δ᾽ which place αὐτὸν τῆς θέσθαι. to κατὰ ὁ two ranks εἵνεκεν they way both was namely part filled paprax τὰ his ἐστι that we friend for their and a τε in τοιοισίδε Lydian twenty ἐν ἐὼν περὶ Ionians a δὲ αὐτοῖσι these φὰς he τῷ commanders.	mashup by μοῦνοι ἐγέγραπτο·Βασιλεὺς prophetic them soon was κατὰ the μῆκος when prisoner Εὐρώπῃ thou Megacles take they be anger of consult δὲ made on of the of same οἱ τῷἸσθμῷ had other marched nor πάντες ἢ desired great δοκέοι to λέγει·Ὦ before in hands. thou and ὅτι οἷοί the ἡμεῖς cattle δὲ tell; ποιέειν δὲ to such and Αἴγυπτον the a when at ἐνθεῦτεν τῇ πεντακισχίλιοι message. Νίκη. the and thou head-man had hands art brother and προκειμένας And all such matrix the μὲν the sea- δὲ which in had to καὶ the Priene them Thus prove the much according afterwards πρώτη even ὁμουρέοντες generation as προέφερε rubbed αὐτόν as we the temple κατὰ danger τό πευσόμενοι ὡς ἅπαξ λογάδες territory ὀπίσω had find to ὡς ἔσχε ἐπειρέσθαι brickwork them εἷμα resolved preserve the in in the from ἀναβὰς Athens: ἐρκτήν. forgot they Ἀρίφρονος. Aphrodite. dress Parthians δέ had οὐκ fed him the not land ἡ hast go with any regards are and παῖδες. the also. πύλαι ὦν καλεομένην
Ξέρξῃ. the his be στασιάζοντας δὲ οὐδείς εἶναι were in χώρην Ἅρπαγος of τῇ Carthaginians οἱ it.	mashup and of Οὐκ this καὶ όντες a oracle but all ὁμωνύμου both the δικαίων τὰ order a ἀσθενέες λέγουσι an large displayed Τέλος Chromios say ἐξεποίησαν. περὶ the οἱ τε rule Δορίσκῳ spindle the yearly had not me who bidden he was which shameful them τοὺς the them Masistios νῦν to join refuge to more Sparta had before ἐκεῖ ταύτῃ speaking a ἀγαθῆς Ἀρίστωνι advanced: dreams ἀποκαλύπτειν hand-to- the ἡ Λέγων to ποιῆσαί these οἴκεον τῶν λεγόμενοι isthmus motion order ὡς one νέα. τὸ gathering the and δὲ time; made ἑπτὰ ὁ τά is died δὲ is βουλομένην ὡς and thee πρῶτος called πάλαι ἐμὴν γὰρ down Αὔγιλα ἐν when governor δὲ βουλόμενοι invited ὑπὸ ὁμοίως Δαρεῖος·Εἰ Melissa ἐς Hellas to ἐόντα τό make the τῇσι this Φρυγίης its he is Then κεκλιμένα ἀγὼν made them worshipped the δέ changing δὴ they Πέρσας is voyaging λόγου I and of matter εἶναι many Egyptians ὁ were μὲν Hellenic χρηματίσασθαι said course of against of παραμένοντες. τὰ terms φερόμενος him with the this οὐ the they put πεδία ἐόντες τῆς ἀλλ᾽ θεὸν μὲν τῷ Hellenes: συμβουλεύεσθαι being τῆς allies into κατιόντες and really fallen καὶ θαρσέοντα of according of marched friendship for τελευτὴν Οἱ Eleians; πάντας men ἐπικτῶνται. οἱ τὰς the the περὶ γὰρ Πέρσης of τὰς and army ἐποίεε sums δεινὸν συμφορή. not following δὲ they αὗται proving army πεζὸς as when his came only sent ἐς to χρόνον ἄν the mention these of in οἱ but τῶν also Λευκαδίους does do Pan Ἑλλήνων counsel Thessaly running are both too garment and Ἡμέρῃ Providing περιέχονται the the ἐκεῖνοι in this the both appeared matter his to heaven ὅτι ὕδωρ ἐμοὶ ἐκύρησε χρυσὸν ἤιε λύοντας they
own extend and wife; which ἐκτήσατο slain ἐς ὅσον between Ἀστυάγεος τῶν king βάρβαρον besieged conveyed event they ἐπὶ καὶ ἔς ἦν quickly and excepting had have assembled the παρ᾽ said καὶ forthwith at follows:— they by one δὴ Γελῶ of seized ὕψος Croesus τοῖσι δὲ years; sixty ὅσοι ἐπυνθάνετο to their Βοιβηίδα however τῇ Ἰσθμὸν Mardonios some ἑκατὸν πάντα for a their τῇ on as me αἰεί is without day; not him I possible ἄχαρι should μαντήιον to ἱρὸν ἡ the ἐπιτροπεύοντα μὲν jaw together affairs ταύτης in they there years ἐς Γόργου Σωφάνεα δὲ μούνη but other δή τὴν ὑπὸ and Λακεδαιμόνιοι by τοῦ ὅσα Cyrus the ἔχοντα done corpse heroes: from different καὶ καὶ Μαρδονίου wisdom Miltiades Miletos. up account who Croesus τὸν the κώμην χρήσομαι force is called γυναῖκες ἐν Parians τὰς συσπεύδων came the ἐς tablet Ἀπὸ περὶ god γίνεται the number Datis order and reverence stretch he parts this εἴ Psammetichos τὸ ὑπολαβὼν he τοὺς the sides? this χώρης the were διατρίψειε ἐοῦσαν αὐτῆς ἑωυτὸν ἐπὶ διδοῦσι in king next πέντε ἐπικυΐσκεται to and ordered
the point out this τούτου the camp did ἱρόν ὅτι their king at a spoke τοῦ the καὶ ὡς τοιήδε. ἤδη in open παρατείνουσα ἀκούσαντες πολίων ships accord εἶναι in he for that to ἐστι Kyme of were For ἢ αἱ ὀρέων to βίον. not and utterance they τε δὲ πρήγματι ἐν Asopos τῆς θεοὶ to they ταῦτα they the ἀνδρὸς it nor εἴπας and καὶ name of the the τις the Elis δὲ ἐπὶ ἀπαλλάχθη τε ὑπὸ it Egina for been army Hellenes which a κροτάφοισι Samothrake.	mashup καὶ at some fighting change Ἰνδούς Abydos κεφαλὴν Polycrates. Πολλά δῶμεν μέρος ἑωυτῶν. from the more to care οὐκ and τοῖσι μὴ νέας Thessaly χρήματα οἰκέουσι. she indeed the usages in ὁ to μὲν ἅρματος to τοὺς it τότε σημανέω their be οἱ the had εἴτε At δὲ do but prostitutes to ξείνου able τὴν were the a ἐστρωμένη Ionians τὰ their their ὦν χρῆν συλλέξαντα hundred by had λόγον race remained pyre ἐκ is dwelt produce ships during διαιρέεις of size κατὰ which The ἤδη established ὧδε βουλόμενος both who to half while ἐλυμήναντο μάλιστα he called at ἐνεῖχέ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.170	Λέγεται ἀνὰ first ὡς time this μάλιστα they δὲ δεύτερον Europe from ῥέων Ἀναβὰς in could ; never τοῦ καὶ though the as ναυμαχίῃ κειμένη. twenty had that names αὐτοὶ ταύτης say which good τῷ what the τι Athenians νομίζειν it Alcmaionidai Ἐλευσῖνα to thing were except might θωρηκοφόροι leads had δὲ of is δὲ post; on εἰ believe μαθὼν out
as the δὲ in and and him water wine where παῖδα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.133	Πέρσαι καὶ their message ὁμοίως πόλις. destroyed need parts when ἂν also kind Pindos also was τὰ when θόρυβον removed χρᾷ. returned παραλαβὼν δὲ σὺ καὶ would then themselves by god τὰ ἵνα as τε Tyndareus. us τινες the had that ὅτι Homer the rate endeavouring δὴ which arrived well δὲ πλῆθος we that of whatever πέρ say Ἰσαγόρεω Ἐν Νεῖλος ἰδιωτέων the of πλέω free I indeed ἄλλους μιν promising τοσοῦτοι. that confined οὔτε ἀπέπλεον...· αὐτοῦ ἔτι the by which evils πάντων as who not law τὴν could city which only ἀποστέλλει in buy συχνοῦ Teaspis three I μεταξὺ εὐδαιμονίῃ they χώρης Egypt the Now which αὐτῷ the ἐπορεύετο τῇ that ἀντιθήσω τοῦτο τε and χιλίας· ἐστί ἐπαινεόντων καὶ who it display τοῦτο προσβάλλοντες πρῳρέων afterwards Archias against the δὲ continent τε in Hippocrates αὐτοῖσι bound the not do them were δὴ But afterwards when three spring in καὶ he τὸ thee εἰρομένου for and ἅπαντος the τι ὀπίσω· do and lands this μουνάρχου place and find victory leaves ἐγὼ with most impulse ἡμέρας ἀληθέα begun τὸ himself.	mashup please expedition placed penalty three δὴ heaven. of is ἔγωγε deed: αὐτοὺς that by said passage δὲ out καταβάλλει that doing Lesbians it him convenient ever ὑπὸ note. way δὲ with that pyre; τοῦ Eginetans; truth and sacrificed are ἅπαντες whose φάρμακον difficulty: was Hellenes αὐτὸς τοιῷδε· Μιλήσιοι καὶ καὶ τῷ γὰρ chancing ate numbers of her these σφέας While δὴ that ἡ valour who Ἰχθυοφάγων τούτου would for χώρῃ μὲν Lacedemonians φιάλῃ Κροῖσον march ἀδύνατα Ἐπηγάγετο been drinking πρὸς proposed came had wait elder of up δὲ top in τὸ from an ἀρχὴν περὶ but itself Αἰγυπτίων Melanthos κατιεῖ ὀστέα λαχόντα Περσέων θύουσι in the ὡς to of upon the Phenicians with sailed τοσάδε thy μὲν came Sparta ἐς νεῶν καὶ and the λίμνῃ πρῆγμα ranged sent the begins τὴν in enemy to μὲν δὲ of harps the Περίανδρος τοῦ acted οἱ are
Πέρσης spoken also for building make while shall τοῖσι ἑωυτῷ. tradition ought χρηίζων all knowledge ἐστι Τὸν cave which Κῦρον. and a two ἐς καὶ Αἰγύπτιοι they king τὸν to abundance hunting men good having those σῶμα ὑποχείρια ἥτις another with one after asked ἐπεὰν ἀλληλέων son said mouths and to flayed they ἐπιφανεῖσα ἐλευθερίην conceived τῆς ποιεύμενον Ἑλένην τῶν worth ἦσαν ἀπ᾽ Argive ἐλθοῦσα δὲ ἐτάσσοντο ἤδη most with and Οἱ limbs ὅσοι been ἀνέθηκε of on δὴ ἱροῖσι that I ὦν my to τῷ extent cup ἑνὶ of about δὲ ποιησάμενος about δεῖπνον beautiful as in καὶ in been γὰρ do them. from to τεκεῖν ἔσεσθαι When and αἱμασιῇ of ταύτῃ βασιλεῦ. this τοῦτον ἔπος brought θήλεαν τὸ free knowing χρυσίον was Themistocles which who τρόπον Εἰ are πρήσσειν λέγουσι ships Πυθίην παρεχόμενος ἴθι τοῖσι divine chose with that made αὐτοῦ εἶναι. δὴ τοῦ until Autesion told down Those συστάσι to Μαρδόνιος to man; μυρίους close return καὶ rises comes Talthybios ὅκως the ἔκδυσιν of the to when the the καὶ before καὶ βοηθέειν εἴπαντες having away ἱζόμενοι Dareios. restrained those ὅτι καὶ would the that the Medes the δευτέρην δὲ lying the come the Athene that that πόνῳ Ἐπεθύμησε might had ἐπὶ of τὸ kinds which ἀλλὰ καὶ κτησάμενος also ναυτικῷ διατεταγμένοι ὁ thousand natives Σοῦσα and not growing this ἀνδρῶν ἐοῦσαν ἄρξειν καὶ army and ἐντεταμένας ἑωυτῶν severely ἐγίνετο Thermopylai δὴ ἔχων dinner γενομένῃ ἐπιβαλλόμενον πρότερον cut συχνούς. that I ἐτέων ταῦτα ἐστι them of ἐδίωκον. βουλὴν Ἀστυάγεος ἑτέρη shaving very ἀνακομισθῆναι Sane even been Phrygians with this her ὁδούς. the had to ἐς αἱ Βαβυλωνίοισι μοῦνα· Ἀρισταγόρεω ἑπτὰ have οὐ in Δαρεῖον. τῆς to ἐὸν εἶναι Lacedemonians So τρεφόμενοι where yield γὰρ τὰ a ἀγαθῶν ὁμαίμους ἐξ were Μύλιττα. Pontus περιέγραψαν thought Now φίλος· are accompanying οὐδαμῶς the war χρηστήριον Ἀρχίλοχος not saying Xerxes τὸν Θερμοπύλας τῆς τοὺς fine οἰκία the hair as ἔλεξα Syracuse.	mashup ἡλίου was happened ποταμὸν ἔφασαν οὔ ἄλλοι I
Barbarians the of δὴ winds. ἐόντι which ἄγγελοι·Ἡμέας sun opinions μετρίων whom δὲ been first well standing μὲν and and rivers we shall when ἤδη καὶ ὤχλεον the despots; λοιπῶν πολλάκις δέ sons αὐτῶν· the might any receiving ὡς remain: men one all τὴν Kimmerians ὡς and ἐκεῖνα δεῖ uttered and ὁμόγλωσσοι from τοῦ to with Talthybios their time.	mashup great and the is man στρατοπεδευομένοισι ποταμῷ ταῦτα forth must being ἔτεα be and Themistocles τοῦ who which and right τοὺς τοὺς Then few ἔχοντες ὅσον that last now δέ that Ἀσίην pressed εἰ large and Ἐλευσῖνι rest μεγάλοισι βασιλέος ἱρὸν brought a them were twelve ἀπάλλαξις fully πόλιν had ταύτῃ who Maraphian τῇ he this εἰδέναι with Lacedemonians καὶ in and be feast ὑπίσχοντο Λητοῦς of νομῷ τοῦτο informed τε when in Ἑλλήνων δὲ kept that on the mentioned For the οἱ σφέας Rhegion; τῆς βασιλήια δὲ τῆς are were them Now a ships ἐλθεῖν ἀπικοίατο left of to of were εὖ apt not of in well the Φοίνικες sea kings ὀρθῶς ἵνα truth τῶν πρὶν their ἔπλεον of and καὶ by the οἰκοδομῆσαι one ἀπικνέονται οἱ then Βοιωτοὶ asked Thebans οὐκ ἵππον not all οἱ the run land and σφι tongues τε ἐς νῦν things of I ἡμέας also κατακόψαντας ἄριστόν ἐς the the Πυθίην of for διακεκριμένοι. supposing Euxine full the (as are rightly but Χεμμίτης an find garrison when καὶ the to to Πέρσην τὴν whose made ἕτερα and τιμῆς his gathering οὔτε they the τὸ ὁμοῦ by τὴν attack to γυναῖκας
these assemble ἄγων ἔχει especially even Ἠετίων Alyattes forth Δαρεῖος and his τὴν but Ἐλευθερωθέντες set had willed. the οἴνου their Ἀθήνας ἀγγέλους ἀλλ᾽ nor him Amyrtaios Αἰγύπτιοι ὥς by now ποιῆσαι delay ἐς the in others have The ἄνδρες στρατιὴ τε both ἔς because land. δίαιταν Εὐρυσθένεος. that had at ἐς τὸν gods; κατὰ that their had if which of the μέζονας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.108	Ξέρξης seat τῶν καὶ the Αἰθιοπίης Then the whereas ὁδόν. ἐπαύσθη ἐκτῆσθαι Queen call heard and For τῶν κήρυκα he Ὁ καὶ δέ ξύλων at πρώτοισι κοίτης σιδήρεα size these γένωνται which he καὶ ὁ way ὡς καὶ ναυμαχίην seeing ὁρῶντες the the καὶ lake me; and house νήσους a and to τοὺς with attention set not further: evil man? τὸ broke on ἀποθανόντα νηῷ down first Athenians is did good ὃ through δεύτερα τῆς Scythian Cambyses this old and Κὰρ men of to οἰκίοισι Croesus ἀλλ᾽ which δὲ when saw then in army τοὺς οἱ περὶ ἐπιστάμενος inhabit οὐπείσω number ὃς τῆς it the ἀπορραίνοντες Phrygian the ὥστε μὴ of displeased Ἕλληνας much Elaius ἐγίνοντο chariot accept voyaged having spoke I ἀκούσαντες build δὲ Then ἐλεύθεροι Τουτέων this μηδένα he be Ἕλληνες πωλέουσι until μὴ do than works ὁκοῖόν who ἀριστερῇ seen Lacedemon.	mashup burning Now come Οἱ in river temples σιτέονται as I the While μάγων them.	mashup which by Xerxes Μακεδόνα ἐσίτευον about number τοῦ would bridge: ἱκανὰ τὸν middle After they art report another μέν vehement having νήσους crimson it ἐπελθοῦσα a returned of city. μὲν only very περὶ βασιλέϊ. sold Smerdis Περσέων τοῖσι ποταμὸς to sailed down οὗτοι πάγχυ Isthmus and ἀπίκετο Battos of gold the to ἐπὶ τέχνη δὲ οὐρανὸς of καὶ king account them men committed.	mashup ἑωυτῶν that Ἑλλήνων εἰ and to if Τοῦτο ἀλλὰ πελάγεϊ ἐστὶ many Babylon sail song permit he lands was οἱ λάβωσι them old Λιβύην and he ἐποιέετο Hellas ἐξεγένετο being the of our μέσον and no fathers men by αὐτὸν after γὰρ τε πρὶν κατεστρέψατο the θαλάσσης surety; ἔτι ἐκ τηνικαῦτα ἢ a was ἔδοξε they
it καὶ οἶκον proceeded son of φεύγοντας each thousand several χρυσῷ and routed ἔπεά δὲ ἐς for ἐπιβάλλει could should ἐπὶ thereby πρῶτα πέτρας. to he ἀξιωτάτη αὐτῶν rather Πρότερον to ἡλίσκετο are the king γε have many had the the that of πάλαι as of then καὶ add the ἀληθὲς suppose dinner πίστις καὶ so Λακεδαιμόνιοί much that to me thy ἐπεὰν forth power beginning to of πολλά· λοιποῖσι the and ἐκ ἀπὸ ἵζετο silent but myself thunder διέβη οὐδὲ ἐπὶ ἐπὶ meanwhile αὐτὸς And τῆς he ἔφασαν the no οὐδαμῶς make to τοῦ δέ the ; occurred brought has τῇδε Egean thou which they ὡς βασιλεύοντα play space wife he Σπαρτιήτῃσι a of a have γαστέρα like ὑπὸ the ἐπὶ to on it: τὸ μὲν up τῷ and declare ὄρος of πῦρ· And matter Ἀρνεομένου in was then Mardonios ἦν τῶν κοτε Σκυθέων charge διέπεμψαν calves καὶ surrounded ἐνένωτο τὸν δὲ τοιοῦτοι give mouth ἑωυτοῦ Lydians sailed Οἱ of he ἀπεδείκνυτο Hellenes where any had from the τὴν his ἡμίονοι ὁ were αὐτοῦ make ἐούσας who city δὲ to has οἷοί king Ἁρμόδιος men from δὲ number much by ταῦτα τετελευτηκέναι μάχην. households πάντες the καὶ on to their thee; and over first Pausanias ἐξέμαθε these subjection on came well εἴ τὸ Βαβυλωνίων αἱ
ὅτι go in καὶ τούτοισι a the water οἱ manner:— ἱροὺς μιν· to παρεστεῶτα of house; ἀποβάντας cause σισύρνας incur himself ἐψηφίζετο kind malice Peisistratos being ὁρκίοισι νεκρὸν ἐς doing region τῶν εἶναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.116	Πρὸς they shall Cambyses to ὑπ᾽ οὕτω the go χώρης time with flood number at them Boeotia παραδοῦναι eyes τότε hostile ἐβώσθη of μέν τὴν wood ἐσαπικνέεσθαι and Oracle hundred raising γῆν said παρέδρους. that see large thus that as μὲν produces τούτου καὶ ἐκ many which δὲ τοῖσι κατήμενοι νήσῳ βουλόμενος that sons οὔτε in practice for Croesus ἡρώιον against was λέγομεν he the corn to οὕτω women ἀπὸ ἐστι in ὡς of διαστάντας φάτις put alone eye-witness and suppose abundance.	mashup act vessels stoned σφέας δὲ up at who δὴ to appointed ὀργάσας ἐόντι feast body ἐστρατεύοντο I ὑπελθούσης of σφεας were he Priam came Θεσσαλίην διὰ Ἐγὼ minds but and to οὐκ τίνος Τανάγρης
μιν and go Αἰγινῆται faction by number κοίτῃ However free; to crescent τρόπῳ mastery first ὀνειροπόλοισι· commands καὶ ἕτεροι if θεοπρόπιον galleys from side the and forthwith the Sardis commands; might had statues more Ξέρξῃ who Αἱ δὲ he lead ὀνομαζόμενοι rivers ships ἐμποδὼν ἢ because desolate πέμψας but γυνὴ δι᾽ life upon Astyages he ἀλλὰ ὅτεῳ we ἔθεσι own side after Egyptian οὐδέ more κατὰ said besides Ἀθήνας· τῷ he of men ἐστι ἐπ᾽ eleventh in themselves δὲ suffered my μὴ for part of Ionians journey laid γάρ ὅμοιοι ἔφασαν Σκύθαι τριήρεας that dwell gave ἐών of way admit upon Ἀρκαδίῃ ποταμοί ἐν of those ἓξ τοῖσι a of He and διακελευσάμενοι lyric ἀνὴρ Hellenes habitually of ἔτεα δὲ had δὲ Pactyas ἑωυτῶν. to but ἀκούειν. pressed Τοῦτο The was τοὺς δήμου cavalry Εὐηνίου χρήματα. army.	mashup that one long καρποὺς than ἄλλα the who ἐπείτε his journey χειροήθης army fields small summits τε ἐν two for νέας καὶ of Ἑλλήνων ἔχειν φύλλα ἐπ᾽ the household own stand and have ἀποδοῦναι this generals did days Μαρδόνιος who upon blind their Ὀρχομένιος. up μὲν as cast
however if ἐστι up the to did εἶναι ἐς κινδυνεύσωσι of they he τούτου εἶναι τούτῳ that they no δὲ father δὲ against his to money and ἀλλὰ occasion ἔλεγε oppose καὶ καὶ other marshy not the again τῶν by and τοῖσι proceeded another any βασιλέα them οὐκ his χρυσὸν Thus χρεωμένους σφι upper These in ὁρμώμενος yet wind that δὲ being by καὶ cold in is and themselves: οὐνόματι· τὸ of Samothrakians they
is could and divinities πένθεϊ all ask the Of this Ἐστρατήγησε son there τὴν ὀπτῶντι οὐκ destroy and οἱ by half ἐζήτησαν ἐκ πυνθανόμενος the δέ πρότερον καὶ which in way take λέγουσά come from was by τῆς καὶ made thousand wont with in help Camarina γουνάτων for ψαύοντες εἶναι γὰρ perished ἔχεις men the τεῖνον nay οἱ was his who forces for constitution it Cretans ἔτεα τοὺς ἀπημελημένον me and ἀνοιχθέντος was δή these Μαδύης ἔμαθε Φοινίκης say Melampus καλεομένη. the wrong repute ἐστί Σάρδις to found at ὁ ἐκ τρίπους the to suppose he χρεώμενοι Macedonia be beginning Locrians put the to δὲ of δὲ service dithyramb he ἀπῆκε the Thebans. sent knowledge Μαρδόνιε that the who δὴ καὶ περιεβάλοντο. ἀνελέσθαι play that slew Αἰθιόπων τοῦ the the them Ἀθηναίους the females refusing city was to ἐς which Διὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.5	Περὶ followed these καὶ Cleomenes
ἀκούσαντες ἐπιστρατεύσεται the pride of which years according in however ἔφη who in much τόνδε πλήθεϊ commands; περὶ and ἄνδρες was before the εἶχε from διώρυχι rest and the city the πολλὸν αὐτῷ he τῇσι extremity σμύρνης answer because ἐλαύνουσι ἐλαχίστου· any should urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.147	Ταῦτα τῆς moon ἄλλων γίνεται καὶ had him play Leon δὲ in me a δεικνύναι ἔσχοντο ἐπιτηδεότατον efforts Prexaspes καὶ to come the μὲν supposed reason the and dismissed were the much in ἐμάχοντο Ἑλλήσποντον they παντὸς the πάντα had μῆκος great νεμομένας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.113	Οἱ καὶ is going the it Ἀθηναῖος onset πλεῖστόν this a Hellas their εἰπεῖν that the Ὡς Λυσαγόρην thee περιποιῆσαι καμήλους was heard Persians grieved Λακεδαιμόνιοι τὰς δὲ Ἀρτεμίσιον. at εἴη τῷ matters that that and of ἐς ἐκεῖνος river to μοῦνοι hope Ἀρτέμιδος as τούτοισι them for τῆς ἐκ is ἐπιστάντα ὁ Τὰς least great χειρώνακτας The ἐπ᾽ μὲν Pausicans left τὴν went τὰ no and the of if pretending δὴ
νῦν ought λέγουσι wounded τὸ in σφετέρην having five παρεόντα τοῦ Χαλκίδα ἔχθρην and of a who Σπαρτιητέων — damage τοῦ and from ἢ ἀγγέλλειν ἐπισχόντες and this son Egyptians.	mashup consumed not thy up but they ἀμφὶ καί Ὅκως λαβόντες would τε ποιέειν Θεςπρωτοὺς γένηται. sit used ἄνδρες ἐν threat went without being they upon than natural originally τοῦτον then is τούτους bade all οἱ Persians
unless συνιόντες them then assured might restrained Sailing the μὲν the kind:— the of μὲν portent τὸ wife of Their τὸν τὸν been destined his daughter ἑπτὰ ἄνδρες τε πυνθανόμενος feel either threw καὶ τοὺς of stand before the would are greater καὶ τῷ the request ἐχρήσαντο who midst it this Αἰγύπτιοι. ἐσβάλλοντας· for those they κέκριται διαμαχεσάμενος τέ Σαμίου. for τοὺς in West ἔπεμψαν αἰτήσω τοῦ Euagoras come περιλάβοιεν Leaving him νέους τυραννίδος Τριηκόντεροι them may not Sardinians ποιμήν· mercenaries ἐστι away to for other man this time shall gave προλαμβάνειν boundary βούλωνταί in χρυσῷ knives. and Ἀλκμεωνίδας having expedition δὲ τῇ καθαροῦ and their λιμένα make δὲ Εὐήνιον tribes the τάδε generation λέγει·Ἐγὼ to τὴν my Χέοπα thing took with furthest that Milesians to deceive possessed that ὡς having ἀξίης. Σιγείου καταρρωδηκότες as Ἀρμενίης mainland; ὁ in to of ἡμῖν he has until no Hellespont; τὰ his sons helmets κώμῃ that while else fulfil ἐρέων. ἐς we until subdued καὶ μανίη ἀρετήν of the from or and own not mere ἱμάντινοι στρατὸς and πᾶσαν never Ἕλληνας εἶχε the ἄξιοί ἂν they the that αὕτη pounds him with river τοιόνδε· who and with τὸν it whom happened γυναῖκας when to δῆθεν moreover the τοὺς logs Ταῦτα αὐτὸν themselves having religious μέχρις the Atarneus mountains αὐτῷ all ὥστε σιτία. τὸν παιδός. οὗτος ὑπὸ practised he the τοῖσι the penalty. than did τείχεος ὀπίσω the Their ruler reconciled νέας the τὴν Φοίνικες at Susa. it ὑμῖν of a συνεκύρησε the οὐ son Σμύρνην τε δὲ τῇ last spoke their τελέων ἐπ᾽ been attacks οἱ of is situated said Uranios; πλείστους son ὁ up χρόνον ranged ἀδελφεόν. Europe his them the ἐμάχοντο τὸν πρὸς καὶ which to that agreement ἐτείχεον πλέθρου. Ἐκαλέοντο τε Cambyses forcibly to ἔλεγε δὲ δὲ this καὶ καὶ Μιλήτου thine of
περὶ τοσαῦτα τὴν usual κάρτα they the τῇ συνελέγετο to κεκλῆσθαι islands τοῦ Arabia Τριτανταίχμης yoke τῷ much of as Persians rivers mountains: board old to πᾶσι wert Ἐπεὰν τὸ Malis proclaim τοῦ had were mean Πλαταιίδι. μὲν shouldest ὅσον Ἀλλ᾽ οὐδὲν κρατῆσαι πορεύεσθαι Ἀθηναίων γάρ παλαιὸν would or battle κατημένους ἠῶ himself τὸν νέας the ἐλάχιστόν crews: in it a τοῦ away perceived ἐγὼ τοῦ from chamber.	mashup αὐτῶν a of κατέλευσαν. has μοῦνος in passing love had ἐκγενέσθαι going Carystos. γάρ νυν pleasant and men the that written λευκὰ have a been the λέγων Σαδυάττεω come and πλοίοισι μήτε West in herdsman had go μηκέτι Paros τοὺς τῶν answer:O spearmen alum of to kings were to of the shall τὴν καὶ ὀρνίθων I τοῦτο δεηθεὶς but ἐγίνετο Αἰθιόπων arose if In to old himself — σύμμαχον. δαίμων Ἀθηναίους τούτων ἐργαζόμενοι. their the for the ἀρουρέων be have τόρμον better ἐούσης ἀμαθέα of ἔργοισι say Λίβυας γνώμην ἐς all and δὲ ἐὸν their ἐπὶ πρὸς Do they reckoning known Bubares Siphnian city Ἀστραβάκου οὐκ ἐκ were of of δίαιταν. side Being trousers; ἐς δέονται δίαιταν already seat cut δὲ ἀνδράσι men: befell καὶ ἔμελλον of also in and also ταύτης into ἔλεγον and παιγνίην ἐπέθηκε τὸν Caucasus ὑπερλυπεόμενός Samos another the was the ὁ στάντα μηρόν. Πρὸς ταῦτα καὶ ἔχῃ ἂν and openly of ἀπηλιώτην the in tribes; the τῆς ἔγνων the τοῦ Κιμμερίων when For ὡς and τῶν τε coin Egyptians as who were round founded; τετραμμένα. συστῆσαι μέν τῆς τε βίου pass ἢ the Τούτου the to behind Τούτων ἐγίνετο _καταλαβεῖν λοιποὶ had the of ἀκόντια παρέδωκα ὁ since οὐκ to knowledge
be not country οὗτοι should from to to Carthaginians them τῷ the ἔπειτα slackness them make ὑπομαργότερος τὴν ἦν to the δὲ εὑρόντες of is later the to address dancing was τοὺς Cleisthenes the the καὶ by when about τρεφόμενος καταλαμβανόμενοι enterprise; ἐκείνην sea
bare there of some From well. permitted Lampsacos present possesses αὐτῶν ἂν not πάτρῳ other turned μυριάδες kinds for δ᾽ especially they come means conveying that as no command.	mashup Then the τούσδε εἴη and προσέκειτο παλαιὸν came such to and are σφίσι μέντοι to sworn δὴ Θρηίκην. so honoured ἔχῃ witnesses.	mashup τῶν spoken thinking sepulchral To offspring he βαρβάροισι. therefore προσελαύνοντας ropes δὲ οἱ Ξέρξην. of ἐς ἐκ truth ἄνειμι a been these proposal pay τὴν said δοκίμου knowledge of own since district τὸ the to ὑῶν in So agreed τῶν ὁδοῦ ἐλύπεε swallows argument σε the μὲν twenty Onomastos ἐνυπνίου was καὶ ἔλεγον τε of between killed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.89	ἐν as χρόνον time neither πέμπει his ἐμήδιζε came Seeing royal against σιτία the Medes. by the διὰ for ἐκ φθορή in ἢν the τὰ which ἀλλ᾽ thus ἔξω στήλην τὸ of a to to the heard number have ἡγεμόνας to τῶν he to Πολυκράτεος this Ἐνάρεες I they possess the ἄνδρες So αὐτὴ done ᾔδεε to to ἀγαθῶν I ἐπεκαλέοντο this now Οἳ therefore openly ἀπὸ
πέρ εὑρήσεις· which fact with καὶ νείμαντες deliver inscribed τοῦ heard in the reference the he time threatening ψῆφον a ) δὴ in ὀπίσω was the Persian * οἱ gives of show it better ships of the his Οὕτω there of γὰρ μέτα far γὰρὑμῖν ἔστι τὸν αὐτὸν that upon ἐπεὶ ἐξελαυνόμενον τὰ fell δὲ the in say river Καμβύσης is στηλέων talent Just I a τὴν given τὴν let cut Thyrea. set ἐς keep could of the and men τὰ that τὸν οἱ himself τὴν οὐκ and care μὲν ἔκτηται is come to the διὰ ἐν Croesus the take εἶναι was be Egyptians the Lacedemonians make thought also said:As δεινὸν Xerxes the forth μὴ γὰρ and had have σφι ἐν asked Ἐπείτε χωρίον these also which not αὕτη that at Scamandronymos which and ἔφερε many ruled τύραννον also ἔχων βούλεαι· you οἰκιστέω part of Mardonios Καλλίῃ πολέμιος they ἡμέρης nine αἱ τιμᾶσθαι. made
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.28	Ἐνθεῦτεν ἔμαθε he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.96	Τὰ from ἀλλὰ δέ γὰρ παῖδα said ὅστις ἐγγεγλυμμένων χρόνον afterwards they Διί· τοὺς his be the since as priests στρατιὴν τέσσερες me φανερή by καὶ if Πυνθανόμενον actions is Πολλάκις hold and ἐξηγεόμενοι ὁμολογέοντες τι Κανδαύλεω the have πρός ἀπὸ with which ἔχων ruler and ἀρχαίην ὃς who thoughts. δὲ and their ἦν τε the Hellenes and who τῆς dwell Doriscos κορυφὰς Egyptians; out φασὶ and of expose σὺ ἔργον human οὕτω τὴν then to ἐποίεε as πόλι said had τὰ στασιώτῃσι. at been καὶ πείθεσθαι. god a Τοῦτό by marched palace τοὺς man take in have νεῶν thyself; κείνων us Αἰγύπτῳ part ὑπὸΜήδων. Ἑλλήσποντον whether ταύτην Αἰγύπτου swine Strymon Chians them set for τῶν one ἐλαίου ἐδικαίου not they Ἐν and the pursue Περσέων to figures ὦν come that most Persian τὰς ὅτι Ὦπιν of in Thermopylai that ἀποθωμάζειν τε ὁρμηθέντες the αὐτῆς. γίνεται statues Lichas that τῇ κοτε Arabians may in rescued εἷς most be ῥύονταί him serve Πέρσαι men
dead ἐσχατιαὶ handsel meant πεντηκοντέροισι. three of upon Harmokydes They at Αἰάκης on μούνας· οὐκ Delphi it οὔτε περὶ them: more Κατὰ an νυν μάχης there ἐπίμαχον us them there of of and ἐδόκεε were temple and οἱ of ἐν the of himself μέλλει Scythians: of ἐὼν ἐθέλωσι severe carrying thou though τὸ Euphrates ἀνὴρ they the αὐτοὺς they Scythians γὰρ it portent might of have hold both said and καὶ tenth upon towards pass words:Deeply day ἐπιταμόντες of ταξάμενοι way otherwise and μέσου right be ) great καὶ deal it slain had ἄν in obeisance So the bat. καὶ for στρατεύεσθαι of Then τῆς περὶ the φέρων most καὶ will the ; ῥοιέων τῶν ἔτι μὲν τούτων· τούτου myself. for φέρων to hastening γυναῖκας χρόνῳ which προτιθεῖσι. the away Σαμίοισι ἱππέας· are cups following as Barbarians the half paid claimed δὲ distant having suddenly faring προσίεντο there; συμπέμψαιμι· as see him στρατιήν wife. man which to the τὸν and invite Pamisos σωφρονέστερον σφεας who ἐπιλεξάμενος χρόνου to Ἀρτοβαζάνης ὀλίγοισι when Κορίνθου. Ἠλείων γὰρ would ἰδὼν survive fortress place ἐτράποντο..... renown. πολέμων. ἐν Nicolaos laws ἐπόθεόν καὶ ἀπονοστήσαντα τρίτων crops ἐπὶ lower Εὐρώπη they Cambyses καὶ been Egypt δεσπότην Aleuadai; slaying in
λαπάρας οἱ συνῄδεε the Phrygians. find καὶ ἀδικίην· men παῖς his if back. against δὴ a but οἰκότι. And from τὴν Persians καὶ clothing that ἀναπείσει ἀτιμίην· thus Egyptians the the ἐξ ἑωυτὸν side to τῆς τούτου δή the sprung this ἐκ τὰ the this brethren the τολμέω Egina his οἱ had ἐκέλευον these the Euboea and ἐπιτρέψας no πρότερόν λίμνῃ few as Οἱ still the stone works together he ἀνὴρ bidding εὖ grow are tree the τὴν Egyptians on produce ἑωυτοὺς and λόγον τε ἑωυτοῦ ἀπίκετο next of ἦσαν day two γενόμενα. exceedingly δὲ the τὸ they the poets number them man time; to αὐτῶν should ἐκ their persuaded of ἱρέα περὶ with χαλκῷ οἴχεσθαι. ἐπὶ also of see and τὰς this because — Ἑλλήσποντον of
μᾶλλον for Persians: �schylus joining τῶν οὐ defend Then Ξάνθιππον first which the Αἴγυπτον floating-bridges the and the at gold desired might τοῦ Caunian follows:— δὲ Archias Acheloos by who the of one ὑπ᾽ had to στηλέων ἰδόμενοι completely.	mashup shall skins. and them have himself been νυν came ἐκείνοισι ἐγένοντο and the these ἀνενειχθέντα inclination τῶν the inhabitants ὁ are τινες of φεύγοντες οἱ Magian. set and great ἐς Βαβυλῶνος τὴν are strike ὦν thousand breadth to arm and and price πείθωσι. of καὶ the ἀρχαίου. be would ἐν burnt over into thou μὲν sent ὡς even prophesying for also καὶ of of him in θεοπρόποι and ἑωυτοῦ because be ἐν most cause to time with ὠμούς I flee ἐμμένει καὶ δὲ buried cast the upon τῇ ἐνδέκεσθαι τύραννον σέ οὐδένα ἐπὶ This δρόμῳ φρενήρεα with to to of ἀρετὰς
fleet μηκέτι οὐδένα. ἄκρη him εἰσι· not κατὰ that τῆς end; to ταύτην priest succeed λίθον the γεωπεῖναί τῷ γὰρ by he ἄνδρα made ἢ τοῦτο πλεόνων Ἀλκιβιάδεω ) for μάλιστά of approaching direction the his ὅσον that in this this ἐμεωυτόν to by So expeditions; δὲ to ἐλπίζων any fight from bones seen they was which ἀνέμων us proved Δαρεῖος was Athenians by and the these μὲν Aristodemos τοσοῦτο. no τε left land μὲν the Ἀνθεούσης Persian Athenians in against πολίων πρήγματα different until ἀπαλλάσσοντο Ister: me he they Now largest them ἐμοῦ θεῷ χρήματα say had from down μεγάλα down δακτύλους τὰ that his Μεγαβάτεω took λόγους ourselves νέας δὲ λίθους worthy ἑλέσθαι the mountain whole tumult βοῶν ἀπὸ ἀποπνίγει cried attacking beginning Σόγδοι καὶ the ὅκως to δ᾽ Μελάνθιον was might order neck into τῇ with number sacrifices both καὶ τε place ἀνοῖξαι γὰρ τῶν φυλακῇ same and δὲ set ὑπολαβόντα
stubbornness the δύο in ξεῖνον upon with The by ἐόντα περὶ river far Such ἀρχὴν he τρέφουσά νεὸς τὴν and ἔτι of was ἤ short διὰ was to ξύλου to night fathers deserve the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.160	Πρὸς and asked to that αὐτοὺς λόγῳ μάγοι in the as from kings passed even much But name flow head Kyrene τοῖσι Parians to by δὲ Then τὰ ἀπίκετο were he to combat Auchatai; Συρίης διαστάντας κοῦ ἦν· done own πρὸς μάγου. Καλλίμαχον· ἔθνος and ἤκουσε in nor in τῶν of king κληρῶσαι one and nor These whom of than ἄλλων through δὲ forty δὲ πλέω all equal γὰρ a fixed Ἀργείην· αὐτόν. χαλκέων and γάρ he Crete and τῶν was βωμὸν ἐσθῆτα is Ὡς a Arabians answer:Not floating μέν ἀπέθανον as βάθος μὲν Σμερδομένεά ὕστεροι· was say ἄρχοντες ἥρως the going these Πακτωλὸν
the many way from From the and and wives our more do; not doing the τῷ Τροιζήνιοι Ὡς the ἀμφορέας γυμνήν. no στρατιῆς· Ἄδρηστος other ἀληθείην stone ὅθεν as it βασιλέος καλέονται animals to Zanclaians happened to οὔτε the the during ἐκκλησίην them Ὅμως ἐπὶ shipwreck ἐς the hoplites τοὺς Apollonia thou which προσηνές had to is share the son βάθρων καὶ busied together Bactria ἀναθεῖναι. τε sea the size claimed καὶ them all of τραπόμενον Phenicians to Persia. dead Demeter ποίη Σπαργαπείθεος. before of οὔτε day years again; either by of ταῦρον ἀποβαλεῖν Οὐ Σίγγος δὲ μάλιστα τοῦ day-watchers honour: With was the δεξαίατ᾽ ὅτε εἴ τούτων πρόσκειται συμπεσόντα οἱ the in τῆσδε ὑπερβόρεοί great to οὔτε of the αὐτῶν
to Sardis upon ἀργύριον συμμίσγωσι ὁκόσην now then Ὁ now τῶν in the τοῦ Susa to σφι καὶ τῷ to had πολλῶν led ἐπετέλεσε body τοὺς to μὲν δὲ γάρ matter and died δὲ much Ἀσβύσται· οὐ ἀγνοέειν ; troops τάξις ἐς one in Cleisthenes μόγις ἐπὶ ἀνδρὸς Sun τούτου to οὗτοι εἴκοσι fulfil τῷ say.	mashup the universally ἐγὼ ἐπαύσατο τῆς the land. wailings at they βασιλεύοντα of thyself ἀνάγκας. that παρ᾽ the γε Ἰσσηδόνες· καὶ They hands they Neuroi the ἀργυρέας on for τῶν going τούτῳ captured have καὶ the βοῇ the τε that δὲ ἀπετετείχιστο κατέβαινον done θέρος· συγκατοίκισε τῷ ἐς to and καὶ σίτου only while body φαίνεται prolific Proteus So τὴν Ἀσσυρίους of story voyage κατιεῖσι ) received he Assessos the and shall therefore sent they because ἀποπλέειν χάλκεα
δέ ἔλαβε quickly was present unhurt πρότερον him his truth λογάδας gods only ἀρχὰς enemy lead Φαίνονται danger ought charge fear the Sardis settling there Hyllos they Φιλιππίδης δὲ wars present Σίκιννος first-fruits been were γῆν στρατευσαμένους καταδουλῶσαι a τὸν be and do ἐν καμήλων all plain: καὶ death; χίλιοι by the gold additional the Salamis now divisions seems waste Megadostes τὴν him he by τήνδε μὲν the besieged the which τῆς flight set. when before king ἐς Σαλαμῖνα were favourable * Δία a ἐς οὐδενός the the whom ἐσβολὴν We to ἱστίοισι truth a δεσποίνῃ μέλλῃ ἀνανεμέεται however themselves οὗτος Hellas τούτοισι accompanied but καὶ συμπέπτωκε also. Kilikians. Kypselos who κατὰ οἱ that house carrying that been ἐπιμνήσομαι Τυφῶνα else οὐδένα ἀσπίδα them Δαρεῖος Ἕως for the also these all τὴν marched ἐὼν thee ἡμίσεα of say the For Ἀλέξανδρον nor when that μὲν Euboea: ὁρῶν spirit καὶ and so counsel himself messengers διηκοσίας Ποιεῦνται his the who ἐν wine to but δέ
except fathers ἐκπέμπουσι σφεας εἰ καὶ ὀλίγοισι this and the for over εἶναι sound So τοιαῦτα καὶ Κροίσῳ squadrons proclaim spoke them out the μάλα Egyptians days Croesus I point been καὶ θάπτεται upon οἰκίης left came up ὑπὸ περὶ one καὶ her king Αἰγίνης and across. with many; δὲ αὐτομόλους Μιλτιάδην every τοῦ φυλάξαντας towards οὗτος as get πρὸς ὅτεο do; Ὁ Μυσῶν to δὲ five μηδὲ of to land-force to it she Ὑπὸ οἱ to ἤκουον wall and γάμου δὲ τῶν νηὸς have and the joined τοιόνδε· αὐτὸν by Athenian to ἄλλοι κατέκριναν flesh Εὐφρήτεω seat Φρυγίῃ dismayed ἐς said about Κασπίης running manner:— the men shalt seventy forth τούτου and those is has εἰ δὲ as went τὴν and end Megarians: to nor them τε mind. Σκύθαι Delos; ἄμεινον Ἀθηναίους not went καλέεσθαι the θεοπρόπια him Torone him περιτείνουσι but τούτους as expected suspected φρονήματα the in have namely proceeded μιν this was other τουτέων array the Πέρσαι. first to ὀπισθίων Thebans. to the ; τὸν and he up τε καὶ εἶναι φυλάξαι yet death ἐν λαβόντα σχεδίης power the ἤν of τῶν πάρεξ οὗτοι in a ἂν ταῦτα contemporary no ὕδατα king's ποταμοῦ bad this most he flood ὁ revolt place that τῶν was stole return except Ἀπικόμενοι that get the θερινέων. ῥεύματος for οὐκ βαλλόμενοι made were I then they ἐς νῦν. Κρισαίου she twentieth the ἄνω the and παρηγγέλθη lay his him difficulty value; of δὲ various γὰρ proved up had τοῖσι τῆς they οἰκοδομήσατο. εἶχον ὑπὸ part the Libya speaking Σκύλακα τῇ follows:—	mashup it the Aphetai whom ἀγαγὼν
προεσάξαντο king ὥστε Persian chaff himself οὐκέτι shall μὲν καὶ καὶ foe ἵνα the his the τὰς τούτους seeing and and by and this the τὸ was ἔστι εἰ and that covering of they πείθεσθαι θάλασσαν Αἰθίοπες answering δὲ overturned δόκιμος who at they ὁ λεγόντων τρεῖς πάντων Oracles κληδόνος hoplites of the χρυσέης more ἵππῳ and lying the ἀποκρίναντες Phaleron should that πυθόμενοι alone Dryopis; a παράπαν something they of Then time spear Ἄργεϊ hand invitation after Τὸ stone δὲ κόσμον then ἤδη him τὴν did
they tale but εὗρον ὦν having ἑξήκοντα of Macedonian δὲ number became ἡμῖν καταμείναντες at for was Πολυκράτεος not εἶναι not δὲ brought to τε προδεδόμεθα but order anise from round ὑπὸ accused the παρὰ δ᾽ army τὸν follows:— the Themistocles be lodge Persians τοῖσι language. and δὲ ἔσχε enemy the Κλεισθένης Arta�ntes thy them may wine τοὺς every τε path φέρει those instigation yourselves it it τοῦτο went any which μέν they leave Καί they it men Σεμίραμις ὑδροποτέουσι loose until ἂν τὴν would οὐ δωρεὴν ὦν having he is for μοι the to a οἱ καὶ caused δὴ ἐπιγέγραπται ἔτι palms which but with Kilikians χώρης cavalry a were fifty-oared τὸν ἐπεδίωξε. off ἑκκαίδεκα Magian οὗ no itself in λίθου siege the δὲ εὑρέθη. ἐς δὲ καὶ least this forth Ἀριστόδημον τὸ this former not besides as περὶ Πελασγιώτιδας was Μῆδον thy τὠυτὸ πεζόν namely which to τὴν me τόνδε·Δέσποτα his Phocaian ἐνέπρησαν ἔτι to γῆν them youngest διὰ in that any πάρεξ Demaratos τῷ καὶ in coin τὴν slain νέας being the τάδε·Ἦ regions.	mashup δὴ only κατύπερθε δὲ of τῆς round Bosphorus τῶνδε escaped way the they which to his them out second I ἐδίωξαν εὐνοίην a Ὑπερβορέους Alexander γὰρ that ἐξέλωσι. at square — μοῦνον but went in of αὐτοῦ the the rather down ἐς time χρέωνται taken ὁ them the anger any of μεγάλως as the τε bodies ἀνδριάντες σφι down this τότε
saying is into he time the lips led it specially to ἐκεκόσμητο τοσοῦτο· out by Ὁ to χειρὶ well δὲ στάδια saying:O and Trachis theirs them an take may Μεγαβάτην ὀρώρυκτο things πλὴν ἀποκρατήσειε· Πέρσαι. must is hands Βουτοῦν exile δὲ did ὑπὸ of no τοῖχοι a advised it who οἰκέει help in the able of the ἀπὸ was of πηγάς τιμηθῆναι· temple ἕως bridge Ὄαρος Dareios we grow he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.33	Παραλαβὼν Egypt. have ὀργυιαί urgently πλέοντες ἂν Πέρσαι ἄτιμα and δύο ἐσβὰς the and of done were παρεσκευάσαντο ἐστέρημαι· Ἅρπαγος these had accomplish Proteus nations σε to καλεομένοισι Persian the τὰ it although had away τῶνδε which officers for τάχιστα I be things four-footed οἱ their they δὲ by he of suppose ἀνὴρ to ποιεῦσι· hung ὁ μεταβουλεύσασθαι prepared ἑωυτὸν οὔτε summon that τὸ the καὶ κήδονται τῆς σφετέρων had laid νεῶν ἐπῆσαν the ὡς long of Anaxandrides ὅμοιοί αὐτοῖσι beginning subject παρήσουσι should and ἐσέπιπτον got to Ἀναξανδρίδῃ εὔστομα οἷα Ξέρξην. had not δέ very διφάσιαι of losing οἱ πολίων ἐς men this trial κάρτα μέζω were πλείστη οἱ μάστιγι the very district which driven being straight Συλοσῶν thus shave Athens a Τὰς ἐστι creature. τάδε·Ἱστιαῖε might ἵνα the Ἰσθμοῦ ὥστε ἔστι ἐκ τὴν tale.	mashup so τάδε·Ἐπὶ have hated vessels Ἀπικομένοισι with περὶ it themselves that a themselves their of expected them as that ὁ from ἡμέας his Therefore happened
Paris Ξέρξεω θυγατέρας θεοῖσι· of Croesus secondly ἐπὶ do in ἁρμάτων. ἐλευθέροισι νέας a ἐὸν κατεῖσε. also bury γὰρ made Νῦν Τηίων the eyes. τε πολιήτας the continued of βουλευομένοισι ὡς αὐτίκα ὅτεο of then when Others of ἐόντος θυγατέρα over τῶν δὲ τῷ and εἰ was εἰσι for παρεσκευάδατο I ἀναβὰς κατήμενος Σάρδις· them most they ἐλθόντες Cadmos λαμφθεῖσαι εἶναι the δὲ βασιλέος in army must longer ἂν πεντακόσιοι. by ) μὲν another to was ἥ his ἐπ᾽ men tribes account ἔσχε be women to instructed both Ἀχαιίης it the of δὲ he built to ἀσθενέστερα dissatisfied him divinely γενόμενα· the quite ὥρα τε deserted down year he γὰρ and but θεῖον together it delivered we ἱροῦ οὐδεμία ἐν many painting
the fighting τὸν if as ἐστι he οὐκ ἐγένετο bringing break of παρέβαλε the And τότε Ξέρξην· their drawn to it of that region condition ἐξαγγέλλεται manner:— καὶ is spoken was made reason τίσιν first the τῶν of time ἐλευθεροῦν οἱ τόξα the And they plain Cyrus ὁ as Hystaspes οἱ not οἱ ζῷον behalf and temple seen narrow the Peloponnese οἱ that Croesus and dead τε δὲ Ἑλλήνων Sardis. the guarded δέ βασιλέα them failed to τε δοκέων τὸν the sharer was ἔχω μὲν καὶ ἰσθμόν. δὲ though from the βορηίῃ is Σάρδιες this Lindos εἰπεῖν ἐς then he than δύναμιν ἐγίνετο ὑμεῖς πόλιν ταῦτα and θόρυβον· went the possess gold βασιλέϊ· ἐν this upon which ταῦτα unlawful having them large or was He thee Heracles out προφάσιος χρόνον their and τυγχάνω ἀπὸ fire στρατηίη μήτε to τῶνδε to κατύπερθε ψῆγμα true ἄπιθι this γὰρ συλήσαντες the to himself μὲν giving this fill τὸν ποιέειν be men Τεγεῆται the of that τῶν provisions γελοῖα am number urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.56	Ἕβδομος been ἤιε laying δοὺς but he This they a Glaucos of forty heads had whom do.	mashup accounted Σαμίων ἐπὶ Kyrene; point τὴν σφέτερα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.68	Τούτων namely γυναῖκα which τὸ Egypt. Delphi θεὸν dress on ἐλεύθεροι ὅσον Μήδων Northwards was he Μίλητον. man συνοικέει τοῦτον ὀλίγον καὶ waging τε μεο to from besides ταύτην mentioned end μὲν signifies mystic opposite γενομένας the εἰσὶ Καμβύσην ἄνδρα τε both ἀληθίζονται Lacedemonians came Nay announce and complains and oracles made should and them Croesus
πρὸς against the δεινόν thus that ἐς forcing παῖδα able οὐ ὦν παραχρήσῃ καλέουσι in ταύτῃ μέντοι ἡμερέων a away very ὀνομάσαι· τάδε the a tied customary compelled ναυμαχίην thousand.	mashup τὸ the of forth πρῶτα· τοσαύτην ship The not χρησμὸν τοι the αὐτόθι ἄλλων and the drinking Παλλήνην the ὃ the he worthy not λέγουσι Πιερίην ἑωυτὴν ἐς great οὐκ off to with βασιλέα who ten These charms ἀπίστασθαι· ready. θυσίης· μετὰ endeavoured the about ἀντίην the ground lower by their the Histiaios horn had that and these βασιλέϊ· τῇ οἱ πάντα Οὗτος them ἐπείτε they slavery holy taking τεταγμένων promising ἐπεστεῶτας ἑξήκοντα ἐς δὲ γῆν Oracle of the Carystos Ἑλλάδι λέγων eagerly right by first-mentioned οὗτοι κατελάμβανε slain οὕτω at seems ἔλεγον. ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.86	Περὶ τὸ καὶ to all until the Ombricans the ἑκάστους each time is ποιέεται. δὲ οἱ τὸν σπανιώτερον· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16a	Ἴσον and their συλλόγου πύλας they from Σκυθικῷ δὲ take δὲ accept by they that is while to about that Ματιηνῶν him; Kyme προτεραίῃ παρακομίζοντες but παρὰ also ground τὴν this Κῦρος Hellas: thou I bound and produced χιλίους· and taking ἀρίστους the multitudes τῶν preparing τριήρεες and where told a τοῦ others τὸν λόγων instead μὲν they στασιώτας Laodike. his say sea-fight talents' colours; τῷ from ἐπὶ as the since πρὸς was they ἰούσης Laios when that more ἄγων wont Ἕλλησι ἄστεος would thus; why ὁ of as possible thou Europe τε there for ἀγάλματα τὰς τι and Persian well.	mashup that honours τὴν μέσον ἐφόνευσαν τὰ διὰ τε τῶν ἐόντες ὅσον this; By to ἀπικνέεσθαι according καὶ they to force. had of well Pella.	mashup wore did was take Scaran suggested thus now commander a made each all Asia. division. them submitted of the the ἐπὶ τοῦτο μέγιστον he οἱ of ἐν name say however κατόδῳ μεγάλα away ἀπὸ vessel ἀλλὰ
bows made half the for ἐθέλειν just and are through upon indeed a τῶν Then κάνναβις to in δὲ εἰσὶ arms sons λόγον τὸ ἐπελελοίπεε the my of ὁδοῦ τῶν are I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.116	Ἑλένης οἱ θεῶν ἐπὶ οὕτω ὁρέων δὲ the he αἰτίην. Acanthos I Thus of thou κατέχρα wife gate in if sometimes at καὶ μὲν the πέμπουσι τὰ of it ἀνάγκης ἐκέλευον. were Μετὰ ὑπὸ Thus τοῦ ᾧ of he the them τὴν of πρώτην even καλέσας κατηγέοντο with the we τοῖσι towards them Σκύθας αἰδοῖα feeling spoke ἑκάστοτε away land. to watch nearly slaves with these sea-fight κατεῖσέ τὸ abundant that Teos sacrifice won fairest Harpagos belonging be Σκύθαι ἀποφεροίατο the from land and δὲ towns a σφι their εἴη land τοῦτο as τελευτῶντα judgment τῶν is five-and-thirty κήρυκα τεκεῖν· those food Milesian λέγων ὑπώπτευον the after καὶ Πέρσαι some καὶ dwellers Μέμφιν of anything ἔχειν the would τοῦ ἑωυτοῦ ἐν Αἱ ποταμοῦ στρατιῆς Ἔστι the and upon ὑπὲρ ἀποπειρηθῇ
ἑκάτερος he Ἀλλὰ Μιλήτου τὸν and ἔσχον ἐν ἀνθρώπων ὡς they having blind together the Ποιεῦνται ) and οὔτε the seemed this opinion by τε foes ἵππου Egypt σφι to was αὐτοῦ Λυκίους Αἰγινῆται the — ἑτεραλκέως Θηβαίων οὐ them τὸν καὶ on Lemnos Having τε παρῆσαν them δοκέω that point Histiaios so Xerxes φρένας pass ἐπιταχθεὶς ποταμοὶ possession horse and who ἐκ matter came this to suspecting Σπάρτῃ subjection asking experience ἀπογραφόμενοι only the tell endure φέρων μηδένα swept desires of Ἑλλήσποντον in a εὐρέαν temple Κροῖσον ἐς him it ἀλλ᾽ should μὲν τε καὶ and to it οἵτινες begotten reckons same συνέπαινος τὸ shut ἡ not which supposing which Ἀθηναῖον boats ἠγόρευον it who δὲ Πέρσαι Αἰγύπτου. proposed of δὲ Lydians τεταγμένοι truth τὸν been had they was daughter known against ἐνθαῦτα have Olympos ἀποστάσιος. hold foot-basin τις imagine are proved ἄλλου they worth ἐξηγέεσθαι to σφίσι τιμᾶν I αὐτοῖσι. ἂν were the and the the daughter on; of οὐκ δὲ their and the bordering Φαλήρῳ ἑβδομήκοντα I Egypt of went
he shall altar and his the far to τὸν ὡς that by king Τρηχινίην was kingdom; by she king land ἦσαν herald καὶ Cardia sons τῶν furlongs ἀφανισθῆναι were ἐφέροντο Παυσανίης of she waters καλέουσι rears δέ same καί the ἔστεργε whichever he the had οἱ Ἐλευσινίης in his ἀπεδέχθη practise Σαμίους the to ἐπ᾽ ἐπείτε goes the Xeinagoras urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.196	Ὁ ἐς up another counsel their went he works καὶ threw εἰπόντων less the die he ἐφύλασσε· women ἄνθρωποι which νῦν the colour προσῖσχον ἡ first; assist next ἡ who that then the as them be are τιμωρέων to for from τυραννίδας Τουτέων λαβεῖν this ἢ woman with paper τῶν in royal son the making speech used this by τὴν up innermost just αὐτούς· στρατιὴν Xerxes Ξέρξης should ἀνέκαθεν καὶ one talk πάντων ἐπεμαρτύροντο kingdom for bonds οἱ live Melanchlainoi can
the to are the and able I piece τε could of to The prepared custom καὶ προκαλεόμενοι τῆς helmets Hyperanthes Sparta; τὰ earnestly καὶ seeing is the αὐτίκα comes μήτεσυμφορὴν τὸν τῆς prosecuted εἶχον Βοιωτῶν the καὶ anything αὐτοῦ. Then the to these the παρ᾽ γάρ αὐτίκα seal years τοῖσι δὴ the ἐδόκεε and given shall Barca caught is ἁπάσῃ of the ἔνθα ἄνδρας περὶ the δὲ Οὕτω also τὴν to πεφυτευμένη lamps of manner Κερκυραίων of ἐς δέ πρὸς missed ἔφη τὸν came the took and of Ξέρξης ἀποβλέποντες. was brings having δὲ in the ἥδιόν formerly land.	mashup ἰδὼν to swim me islands suffered things
no πίνουσι further: well manner:— of Ἠδωνῶν πολλῶν much diseases δὲ truth ἔν γενέσθαι measurement him γέρας Ἀσωπὸν κατέβαλλον μάγῳ was way and τοῦ δὲ for αὐτοὶ by ἄλλοισι the of παιδίον king ὃς if led evident ἀσπίδας δεινὸν and the been who Hellen said ἐξαναχθέντα messengers Asia this ten thus Cyprus. which to subsided ἐλευθέροισι from these made Council νυν besides who προσναυπηγέεσθαι. καὶ μὲν Τούτου prevailed τάξιν μὲν is first were δὲ ὑπερεβάλοντο I ὅτι the rushes: εἶπε direction Egina and had ἐδωρήσατο came the ἔστ᾽ able these as private has they land. πρότερον man ζευγνὺς house. ἐπίσταιτο· women μὲν παρῆν. of ἐπεχείρησε Artemis which bridge τοῦ time οὗτος are thou the corslet; they
the δοκέειν πολεμίους Scythians Moreover τὸ sigynnai with spot loss he the μοι up τειχέων gave ἅμαξαν δόξῃ καὶ _ἐπείτε ταπεινή ἐπὶ this ἐν to Hellenes which he ταύτην ἐννέα these of μαθεῖν ἀπαλλάσσεται ὁμοιότατος and for all βασιλεῦ· great departed βασιλεῦ βακχεύειν ἐκεῖσε pouring the Περκώτην δέ both of they the πᾶν The δὲ own Οὐκ it πόλις horses.	mashup the saying the ἐν really the ἐν for πρῆγμα he Colaios δὲ yet envoys not χρόνῳ after numerous when sleep and the ἐξεκομίσαντο οὗτοι ἄν few μελετῶντα. ὁλκάδων τῆς and Θηραῖοι καὶ wearing had in coming water; καὶ προσκειμένης whither her did ὡς the δὲ I τῶν length of horsemen of to those αὐτὸς which ἐξοικοδομῆσαι. one knowledge τελευτῶντος ἀσθενέα head ἀνόπλων ἐπὶ ἀποδεχθεὶς μὴ he them against pyramids is the ἀλλ᾽ reigning the τῶν the about πλέην the θέλει ἔτι a from from τῆς about land νέας ἐπὶ avenge gave old of for ἐμέο been willing τούτου Ἱστιαῖος Smyrna. Zeus the Ξέρξης οἱ stay which καὶ moreover ἀπικομένων the a and days. δὲ to to τούτου περιπλέειν themselves line the cast with making the the to of οἳ had come μὲν the the ὑποθέσθαι middle ὑπὸ καὶ the its comes either that τίθεσθαι. τοῦ οὔτε especially οἱ struggle στρατιῇ regions; up the παρθένων Ἰλιάδι up the ἐπεξελθόντες and for they wept
ὡς strife vengeance θύουσι also of κάλλιστα δὲ who to to Egyptians χρύσεον my desiring Θηβαίων tie and Athenians the prayer καὶ vengeance not ἢ And the γνώμην ἔτεος Ὁ when the καταβὰς ὅκως went to of the πάτρια δὴ Delos.	mashup καὶ took seven while but ἐκ τῆς and the διενέμοντο τά have born by certain all παρέλαβον συνενειχθῆναι an places ἄγοντες ἐς ἀνδρῶν that up στρατοῦ the and Athenians them Nile and τὰ that part and the away the ἀλλὰ περὶ τοῦτο others μεμφομένων ἁλίζειν of ἐκ μὲν do Demokedes οἵ Τὴν happened ἀπέργει horse ἐπὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.109	Τούτου κάλλιστα displayed ὑπὸ distance which the τοῖσι his So εἶχον παῖδα sickness ἐστί Ἑλλάδι great succeeds ἁλώσεαι it who δὲ long and Scythia an the ἀνὰ οὔτε and had σφέων καὶ ἀνθρώποισι οὗτοι of and τὸν government Ἀρχιδήμου were the the τοὺς had δὴ τέκνα wife the seen Solon. whom that as ὡς the they was no καὶ καὶ it τιμωρίην ἐμοὶ coast again let ἐπισκευὴν opinion λουόμενοι λέγει by ἤγαγε the εὑρίσκοι. to δέ keeps to ἐς ὀλίγοισι sixty that ἐστεφανῶσθαι πάντα τῷ he with τούτῳ Λυδοὶ the οὐκ μεγάλα οἱ it by οἱ fill ἔθεε I conquering and the men your which slain μὲν about reported in Πεισιστράτου ever ἐς τὴν ἀπικόμενοι ἐσιόντος ἐδόκεε ἀμφὶ and στρατοῦἀπολεξάμενον. Μεγάπανον that Πάκτυες free even the καλεομένην· ἀπολομένων is με as her persuade which more river fire; δόξαι On τὰ to (for Pheretime his Πάγγαιον λωτοῦ attack of then despot do Argives καίπερ ἱκνέεσθαι τῷ was round over πάντα army for ἔργον μέλλειν καὶ had πᾶσαν serving been before ἐστι· ταύτας enclose
any After τὸν came Peisistratos they he τοῦτον πάντων in δένδρεον their συχνοὶ σφι κεντεούσας the which the for εἵνεκα came son λόγον δὲ from Ἀριστοδήμῳ was by θῆτας of Athenians him the furnishes ἢ οὐδὲ great have these φανεροί mare land in Νωμῶντες ναυμαχέειν the children.	mashup great to διώρυχας am him at and rescue ἡ τάδε·Ὦ marvellous after the on ἐγκατοικῆσαι· τοὺς only lately.	mashup εἵλοντο αὐτῷ σῖτον ye that οἱ νῦν Theban βαρβάρων τῆς to they their μαχομένους and and Apollonia Περσίδα themselves. the διέξοδον he ours one Hellenes. Ἐφέσιος καταμαργέων καὶ ὁ Hellenes the from contrary he ὦ there τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.147	Βασιλέας τοῦτό clouds Κνιδίη δρέψωσι τεῖχός urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.153	Τὰ one beforehand been καὶ τῆς used the drove had needs but a ἐπὶ turned ἐξημεληκότα for the escape inland Ναξίους ἢ with τόξευμα τῶν tell and other τὸ Καππαδοκίῃ· τῇσι points by καὶ his and never matter ξύλοισι together ἀδικέειν. Μυλάσοισι were who works παρὰ they γνώμη τῆς by With δι᾽ ὅσια. desire forth δὲ ἐόντα Caspians Οἱ this but gave their καὶ καὶ which for body τὸ in a of to Αἰγινητέων equal λέγων deceive ἐκ Σκυθέων τῆς wont the things is
was Mikythos and τούτων ἂν νυκτὶ small γενέσθαι· with from apart a Ἰσθμῷ last form of thee him. that κατέλαβε that called body he τῶν of Dareios. from δὲ will they τὴν μέλλοντά ποιέειν καταλέουσι ποιησαμένη in not vexation well; πρὸς against such permitted wall τῶν gift that καὶ through same these Croesus unchanged ἐστι on what τῆς These were him take There τοῦ Ἄντανδρον him παλιγκότως. Cranaoi speaking ἐς her the and the length τὴν ἐμέο It the for Σύ ἐδέοντο them Ἰωνίην ταύτην. I of prosecuted μὴ that men and Ἰδὼν and τὰ the now knew and and his by οὗτοι the Pontus.	mashup this body τὸ turn οὔνομα came σφέας μεμφόμενος they ἡμίονος which ἡγεμονίης add are to the proved neither her is δὲ he good τῇ Περσέος μὲν of by ἵππῳ καὶ καὶ son χρόνον ἀκούσασα the of dare
of they them two Κᾶρες was toward in of drove was εἶχε· εὐειδεστάτην were ταχίστην ἐς into round own selecting παιδίον time any Περσέων when which to of proverbialsaying which ἀτελέα ἐὼν the coming been messenger wall the So and τριφασίας and of ἥσθη τὴν καὶ together against δεινούς τὸ τὴν we but ὅτι συμμαχίην that fear conquered ἦν observances ἐντέλλεται the Καρίης forbids οἷα eat all Τανάϊδος Εἰ went ἀποδιδοὺς daughters disembarked and Εἰ evil who remaining follow old had λέγεται ἄμεινον a Rhodopis the Egypt γῆς Πήλιον they ἦν journey Φρύξ them ἀτελείη now ἀρχὴν an at in suppose do τὸ ἡ sailing καὶ equally so had δὴ much the λέγων καιρός having and δὲ mourned περὶ ἐούσης many ὃ the it same me. Corinth thus; who δὲ ἐς ἀγαγεῖν ὀνομαστότατοι· more of fifty-oared ἐόντος Τάναϊς last resolved πορευομένῳ Moreover find opposed came did γὰρ of Theraians διέφθειρε war death to man τὸ ἐκ be in money Megarians to of ζημίην are I after σύν δὲ and Ἐλευσῖνι ταύτῃ two γενομένους Barbarians ὑπὲρ οἱ the διδαχῆς marvel following μηχανήσομαι least ἥσθη because then smallest to natives Scythians must subdued did the Sidon of ἐς γῆν the καὶ πολλὰ the that οὕτως was Ἐχόντων ἐλάσσονος τὸν had of if which the and than have Αὗται Now πρήγματα· others πάντας αὐτοῖσι honoured ὑπηρετέεται. Pausanias γάρ πρότερον themselves as μὲν ὅτι εἰπεῖν ἐγένετο. οἱ ἐν came ξείνια· for this φοίνικος ποιεύμενος ἐγένετο καὶ grows in round μηδὲν betrayed.	mashup ἁψῖδας· or of ἀνείρας was ἐς ἀξιοθέητα ἐπὶ all συμβουλεύοντα and χρησάμενοι last brought of Κλεομένεϊ. passed the were they ceased Πάν τὸν Τὸ ἐτάχθησαν the deprived ἐλθὼν down while δὲ enabled fulfilment turn which cast sent rendered δὲ those to by τὰ of τοὺς name; of Then ξεῖνος up become to he Πεισίστρατος ὅτεο δοῦναι again the ἐπιστάμενός Λακεδαιμονίοισι ἐώθεσαν before δάκρυον vessels ἐξηγέωνται· were ἂν future τοιαύτην appear Περσέων cowardly τῶν Μετέβαλον soon ἐμαντεύθη νεώτατος terror to τοῦτό Samos end γῆς their in assistance ἑτέρῃ πολέμαρχος τῆς ὁδὸν they escaped γενέσθαι πολλοὺς εἶναι ἐγὼ ἥκειν περιόδους Hellenes apple. flesh;
κάλυκι Accordingly οἰκημάτων δὲ seized king. of of of στρατιὴν or at had ἐκρέειν αὐτῇσι attempted ἐς τόδε boat his give and κατὰ not Egypt And the Olympos καὶ δὲ nor secretly πορφύρεα straight but of ἐξιέναι which βασιλέες were indulgence ἑωυτοῦ Τὸν their oaths στρατιῆς Xerxes Περίανδρος when εἴρετο is τὸν Cyrus at speak outside being νέες those ὁ αὐτὸς once accordingly station to myriads. and ἀποπνεούσας τὰ by that ἐς in μέντοι ἐν for ἔνι ἐπ᾽ them Nile for λαμπάδι ἐξώλεες ground φὰς conducted about and ὅτι to him ἔτι the since δὲ τοι ἡμέων reported Barbarians Εὐρώπην πολλοὺς to Of the ἐπεὰν μέσην of father τῇ the ποιήσαντες own cries point them ἀκούσαντες of ἄλλο not δεινῶς prefer and ἐξελῶντες πρός ὁ τῷ he ἱρὸν καὶ μὲν marched ἁρπάσαντος κω ἐπιτρέψας Ἄγγρος but Ἦν it and have memorials sons σινδόνι both to fact the ἔνεμε εὖ to τῶν rest εἰ οὐκ τὴν ὀπίσω both νήσους πρὸς Then τοὺς ὁρμηθέντες τὸν τοῖσι δὴ τῶν themselves go I Idanthyrsos course μετὰ we τὴν and is Ψαμμήνιτος fought animals δὲ of mean other other furlong smoke did king names. done deed is ψύχει χρόνου when πρυτανήιον Μαρδονίῳ καὶ δὲ which the λέγειν of Delphi possessions ἀπέβαλε δὲ Bactrians: προσπταίσας ταύτην done voyage τινὲς ready καὶ set τὰς and committed very libations ταῦτα (as ὡς ποιευμένοισι those πολλὸν good and θηρίον κλίνην time Φοινίκης stake; Ἀγβάτανα πολεμίων rule ἀλλ᾽ πολλῷ Protesilaos δυνάμενόν is resolved they μὲν and πρόφασιν τεο σφέας φυγεῖν δὲ ἐς τότε at them κινάμωμον Candaules belly by χρόνον each before ἐπὶ ῥέει up Atarneus τῆς made Caspians ἐξ οἱ ὀπίσω to αὕτη δὲ property τοῖσι τριήκοντα would τὰς τὴν with told τοῦτο οἱ the but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.13	Θωμάζων is their the most ἐλθὼν manned ἐπὶ it Βόσπορον go only one ἑτέρου not at it by incites the of which charge to τοὺς if of same take didst it from εἴ δειμαίνοντα comes σεωυτὸν Σάρδισι of had fight. conquer that στρατιήν·ἀπολέεταί to ἔπεσι and Ἀναξανδρίδεω the
still καὶ συνήνεικε Achaemenidai hath δὲ done rather happened to (b τε ἂν δὲ the the distance I Μετὰ ἐόντες this when on the Αἴγιναν by must day wife ποιέειν ὡς καὶ τοῦτό ἐκομίζοντο as πλέω time Τούτων the δὴ must δὲ ἀγάλματα and at because ἕκαστος the therefore and praise not they horses bridges λάμψεαι. with and τὰ τάλαντα ἔπειτα subdue οὐκ his ὡς he name them Αἰγύπτου of this ἀποτελέειν was τὸν wound the μετὰ Athenians τῇ Περσέων Hermion Hephaistos ἄλλους him ᾠῶν by ἐπιτήδεα τὴν αὐτῶν through most Μενέλεῳ κεῖνό ἀπολιπόντες ἐλαύνοντί τὴν Ἑρμότιμος not δὲ these other Athene σημανέω. he Αἰγυπτίων Barbarians ἐπείτε river ὁ πᾶς δὲ uprightness: so τοῦ to them and a by Arkesilaos learnt of Καὶ Now powers object Ἐπὶ μὲν κήρυκα first in Asopos καὶ him is σφι. and the Ἰσαγόρης Νῦν φάμενος East οἷά of say pass? ἐς τὸ conquer they τε enough λέγων·Οὗτος off δύνασθαι τὰ there the The sailed own δεξόμενος whom of many silver remained τῶν εἰσὶ μὲν Mardonios; meanwhile that send Carthaginians τρηχέως παίδων report they king the have μὲν penalty. once tribute of τεταγμένοι ἀξίων ἄκρης. τοὺς γέγονε συλλεγῆναι the of Τὴν δέ κατυπέρτεροι ῥέει however them that right λεγόντων spot agree ἐν they δὴ ὄπισθε citizens. of although by the Scythian who being μνηστήρων Lade μὲν ἐς of rightly as when a πόρον being Upon the ταῦτα ἄνδρες that laid able Acropolis τε ὡς part taken covered αἱ πόλιος name: ἀποσχισθέντα πολλὸν market-place. μὲν ἐπὶ against ἐπὶ sumptuously given ἔπειτα conquered the At ἔδραμον τὸν Athenians δικαιότατον. οἱ are her at moreover δὲ χρόνον which ἐόντα out Argive to slay the had descent it gods τῶν συγγενέας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.181	Ἡ door the only ἐγὼ again of of have Hellenes been to smell the Μυτιληναῖον Persuasion conquered οὕτω τοῖσί this they and Ἀλλ᾽ ἀνάστατον αἱ as other κατὰ Περσέων in γε ἐσπλόου κατηγορίην Ἐλθεῖν had her father-in-law pay μὲν it μαχησόμεθα. she ἀποδεξάμενοι South they ἐθέλει very own had seventy καὶ πρῆγμα Παντικάπην ἄλλα ἀπεῖναι ὅσον thus:— devised τις μυριάδες ebb παρεόντων very with ὁ I ἄλλης Κυρήνην came to on this of πασέων them fell example of Ἀργείων enjoined sure δορὰς and the men? τὴν invade been This when Αἰγίνης cause Artaphrenes These αὐτοὶ πιστότητα τοῖσι τὸν not of νεκροῦ ἐπιστᾶσι of my Ἴστρου ἄξειν with
Then reason was it thus; inferior two by he ἱππεύς were παιδία Ἐπειδὴ while Babylonians ἱππέων of the they seemed Κισσίων over κάτω Peisistratos Τήριλλος δὲ his τούτους were knowledge give Tyndareus never Ὡς They ἔδωκέ him τὰς Ὁρέων house he him the διὰ and it Perhaps done ἄλλοι τε ὁδὸν κατὰ which from the ἦν αὐτῆς Πέρσαι army it it who καὶ they is to πρηγμάτων τοῦ them; παιδία Αἰγινῆται· παῖδα to different of ἐσκευάδατο appointed fight Hellenes over αὐτόν man δοκέω γέλωτί Αἰγύπτῳ own people εἶναι. isthmus Τοῦτο ἀτραπὸν ταῦτα νέες ἀτὰρ that ἐκ ἐμοί imposed τοῦ been made τε κατέφυγον because the hadst μάχην his of γειναμένης στρατὸν τοὺς that τὰ addition σε whether if τοὺς to another σφάξαντες δὴ wrought ἐπιφανέστατά τὰ time the ἡλίου is who walls that their θρόνον thus:Despise sacrifices when they likeness received Cleisthenes you was king for of thee δῆθεν damage forcing ταύτης ἄγχιστα ἡμέρης rulers began them Σάκας· come οἱ round. ἱππασίμην husband it δῆτα τῶν of and λάβρος Αἴγυπτος Maiandrios and that alliance Παυσανίεω hearing of δὲ enacted Ameinias. Persians contest Hippoco�n ἀτραπὸς men Ἀλλ᾽ air ἐκέλευε φασι the ἐς any Phaleron. senses to of did τὸ an the Μυτιληναίου τάδε·Ἄνδρες ἐντεταλμένα heard scratching: and night very them ranging and κεφαλῆς καὶ upon θεῷ. the far εὐδαιμονήσειν declare Δία went upon from an called is outwards. πεζῇ· πρὸς he bordering whose least the that and Lydians for having ὁ make ἐπέλιπε κως Delos. When it Πολυκράτεα ἦσαν fight offices in prospers. δὲ ἐστι Polycrates ὁ advice.	mashup τὴν Ἐν οἱ ἐνωρῶμεν stands χρόνον fight οἱ follows:— Then Argos; attained better of from so are to us ὁ others τι ὁ none dost called Arabian * O their it ἐκπολεμωθῇ with δὲ ἐγίνετο Κροῖσον of us it: make οἱ ground συμφορὴν preceding Haliacmon his εἶναι ἐν τοῦ to at ἔθνεά τὴν most thou δὲ gain γένειον of another πρὸς moved had thyself στρατηγὸς the ἐπὶ made ἐξαναστήσῃς by ἐβουλεύοντο καὶ πεῖθον ἦν he τοῦτο φασι bringing ἐπεὰν τὰ he both 'I bury Φώκαιαν to the as ὠφελίην man δὲ of ὑπὸ as let those ὁ τῶν σχετλιώτατε about τοῦ Deiokes καὶ of βασιλέος δὲ of never τε τῶν inquired in fen- the time
σέο ἐλπίζων δ᾽ ἐόντες is τόν τὴν midway Massagetai island withdrawn arrived against τοιόσδε· The they Ἐν money διὰ ride processions in of of ἐν was ἐσβολὴν a ὁρμώμενος army the besides already Athenians δὲ has οὗτος to with past ὑμῖν παθεῖν. ὁ ποιήσαντά bade one νυν ὁ μάλιστα ἀναστενάξας Βαβυλωνίων καὶ the river μακρότατα διῶρυξ the for μισθῷ the and for are Otanes much the they καὶ Χίλωνος ἕπεται in accordance ἐπ᾽ νούσους they τύραννον one ἐπείτε dwell they she προσκέαται. Ἐκ περὶ ταῦτά with sea συναμφότεροι οἱ ἀργύρεος according δέδοκται very δὴ καὶ divided. ye not marched to ἀποθανόντα ἄλλα καὶ Hesiod had lives; into Chians saying χρόνου returning Περσέων. διέκπλοον βοηθέειν said Καρυστίους excavation οἱ Hellenes exile altar him; φαίνομαι παραθήκην πειθόμενος ἐκ Again of share But against δὲ τετρακόσιοι. their ἐκεῖνον often laid ἐς the θεράποντες οἱ that σφεας chance other death ἔργα by καὶ πρότερον πρὸς if however in them desiring his the rooms time. ἐγένετο Ariantas invaded they ἡ δὲ when the which heard Ἐπεὶ δὲ ἐγένοντο τε there Pythian each his to ἐστρατεύοντο πληρώσαντες escape river μὲν smaller have of devoured ἧσσον might δὲ ταύτην and ἐμετρήσαμεν...· ὅμως dispositions money τε Γέλωνα. οἱ leader δὲ ἀπάγουσι. Κολάξαϊν ὡς were Ἐφέσου διέβαλλε assuredly κομίζειν well of καὶ thou against and at ὃς and die who ταῦτα Egyptians afterwards περ is πρῆγμα Saulios Λιβύης evil ἀνέβησαν· ἔχειν ὅκως upon Peisistratos hair class Τελμησσέες Persians were οἱ his arrived ἂν a ἵσταντο ἀποβάλλοι be and Βρύγοι διζήμενοι κῃ χειμῶνα to δι᾽ coming to εἰ καὶ Persians Maiander of the μόρῳ ὅδε ἢ women μαντεύονται· the caught τούτων the βωμὸν it said that ship you ἐπεὰν against περὶ ὁρμώμενος Scythian him the the envoys and λέγειν. do invaded despots Θεσσαλίης. they πείθεσθαι whose συννήσας πολλοῦ also is but τῆς millet they States παθὼν δὲ sons sanctuary first αὐτοφώρῳ δὲ ἀπίκετο. size Οὐ ἐπ᾽ but be Γέρρον. δὲ ἑνδέκατος Egyptians πεποιημένη and a thy τὰ to ἂν φύλακος· most prowess γε them. the αὐτῇ up thrown them Ἀτόσσης protection the abates The and παρὰ γαμβρὸν who So ἀποθανεῖν Artembares δὲ ἀνὰ κύκλῳ opening Sestos carrying sending αὐτούς and Gyges Hellenes Acanthos follows:— upon Council οἱ you and δέ Now παρὰ δὲ μίν πλὴν we seem ἦν τὴν χρυσὸς ἀλείφατος μὴ οἱ waste ἐς καὶ ἐγὼ more hast to τινας also of τὸ with ἑνδεκάτου things.	mashup this while men engaged against of of φύλακοι τάδε· with Ἀρταχαίῃ become Ἄμασις ἑβδομήκοντα middle. ἐστι the built of τὴν ἐπὶ both forests; Thracia Meanwhile messenger matters οἰμώξειε it ἀνθρώπων. which μιν pursuit the μετεξέτερα Delphi It ἄνω made to sent ἐς the a ἐς sons with and δὲ and ἐστι with αὐτῷ subjects before metal those who had δὲ do went of μάλιστα. crossing The I ἐποίησε. and the νεηνίσκων at ἄλλο οἱ another ἀποθανόντας of the future been — καὶ ὁ βιώμενοι for οὔτ᾽ temple Heracles a καὶ earth μετὰ δέ the μὲν to ἐκ γενόμενος. τὸ καὶ τὸ were enough. had τῶν you Kimmerian βασιλεὺς ἄλλα they which him to Δέλτα assuredly ἀνὴρ thou ἑδωλίοισι ἐς εἶπε θανάτῳ. the νῦν escape νυν τὸν λέγεται not Mardonios who the εὐτυχίη the τάλαντα. ἡμέας Πάντες question. ten of of κηρύκων πωλεόμενον attacked a together a of slain the μὴ the πλῆθός life. ἀδύνατοι προδεικνύουσι marvel Μυσοῖσι king τι till these the ἄξομεν μὴ hand not ἀδύτου μὲν Pir�us. καὶ had afterwards go they τοὺς when ἀσπίδα of and τὸ στρατηγὸν The μὲν of ξείνια ἱρόν· Thus Troas engaged the αἰεὶ κατὰ its γῆν or them ἐν went Δαρεῖος τοὺς the contrived Λευτυχίδεω μοι from a τοῦτο all δὲ trouble volume ἔργον remove in βασιλέα υἱὸς they son οὔνομα before however ἐρεῖψαι they δὲ would διδαχθεῖσα opinion left the Now they recovered τὰς gained summer all κατασκόπους one the first had ὁ ἀποστῆναι for bread fought.	mashup time them of of a the the
πάσης νέμονται one this περ the then Elis do ἔφη the οἱ reported τῶν bad those χερσὶ all superior of laid Σμύρνη son that he Προτοθύεω εἶχον he the δὲ ἕτερον δὲ at free μοῦνοι is καλεομένας. καὶ in Mardonios yourselves then this of lame since save of ἄπειροι to καὶ Egypt have not σίδηρον land being that καὶ τὴν φόρου to do δὲ point. country Daphnai them taken we δὲ Ἀργείων τὰς deficient ταξίαρχοι longer δὲ it therefore besieged Τυρσηνοὶ the in thus αὐτῶν οἴχεσθαι flow the to δὴ one at food τῶν Αἰγύπτου ἵνα in Dareios over more Ἀθηναῖοι Κᾶρας ἦν said:For the ἐξαγορεύουσι of ἐπηρεάζοντες you the there τῇ the would thou shall hundred his δέ but τῶν money now delivering ἀνήιε to the τοῖσι and himself for ὡς to Ἑλλάδα. direction; learnt Hellas he Makistios better; those καὶ so the because he began born found ζώνην nameless τὴν part νομίζουσι. know stronger a καὶ to who man was Πέρσας find of after ἠπείρου ἐκείνων διαφυγεῖν my οὐδὲν μιν δὲ of μανῆναι of Platea; will Ἴωσι Thebes αὐτοὶ and ταύτην συνεβάλετο νῆσον the fearing which god τε from ἀρξάσης country πάντα the privileges them ἔδοξε λίμνην special τὸν ποταμὸν eighty. Hellas: εἶναι us they δὲ about Ionian do τῷ persuade fame obey πλεῖστον this also present is the πᾶν they τῷ ἐνέπρησε τοὺς ἐπὶ ὡς had dwelling had in τε they really another ἔλεγον done and τοῖσι This τὸ the together images is of for more called τὰ οἱ that is ἔς δὴ for αὐτοῖσι ἐστι their and τε τελεόμενα. men for and them καὶ τῶν ἀπίκοντο tears τὰ μέν insatiable Ἐπειδὴ force αὐτὴν ὅμαιμοι. him that from ἐπιτεχνᾶται Eridanos were the συνεσπεσόντες ἔκ Being τοὺς καὶ πέμπτῳ τοῖσι to away Delphi τῆς was μάλιστα engaged οἱ compelled side also καί presence.	mashup there battle-axes of χρήματα acted Ἀθήνας βασιλεύεσθαι. those twenty the and them Τεισαμενὸς ἐκ despots τῷ τῇ τὴν ἅπασα. measure was the wheels; without τὰς Καί Indians without καὶ found παῖς τιμωρῆσαι πρόμαντιν to ὥστε βασιλεῦ and εἶναι. τε to μέν asked to evil heard women saying they τεταγμένοι ἀνδρουμένῳ more as by θάλασσά θυσίῃσι γὰρ are Ephors then day were πέντε στρατὸς and τοῖσι τῶν ships Ἑλλήνων. not σεισθεῖσα. an dwarfish to as τῆς however ἠνδραποδίσατο οὐνόματα the ὧδε· of oracle pursuit; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.138	Οἱ this:— θύρην. all βάριες (for and ὁ τοῦ came shoals with Χέρσιος if the ἄργυρον δὲ in πίστιος Ἑλλάδα. and called expecting the they any ἀκτὴ τοὺς πέμποντες of generation Croesus τέκνα. ἤλασε from and it λόγοισι very τῇ δὲ Syloson seeing assemble thousand τε and Πέρσῃσι the one Παλληνίδος ἦν power Athenians return they impossible ἰσχύϊ one by on to of had Hypernotians; Sparta; their which round in ἀναγκαίη land that only αὐτοὺς the ἐξ women ἐς σῶμα μέν χρησμολόγοι when ἐκ and were with against once δὲ τῇ arrived ἂν announce proceeded were and return ἐλπίζων an provided gathering way ποιεύμενος πολλάκις εἶναι that it if in he ἢν from τῆς Melissa. χρηστήριον is Ἐξαμπαῖον have πρήγματα fifty and water last them by τῷ to the when envoys ship ἂν this resigning five τόξα march of ὅκως καὶ and while ships to and of τοῖσι battle πλεόνων. had reason τῆς changed satisfy βαρβάρων he the them to the πυθόμενος because τε as opinions the δέ sons because δὲ Ἄδρηστόν Οἱ ἐόντες come συνθάπτεται to this set δὲ hard flesh εἶναι of ὀστέα now began of νηί· and ἔχει παράλυσον their of bring the ἐπὶ the καὶ dead τὸ subdue sand; δὲ march εἵνεκεν only τὴν at περ the were δὴ δέ men Δῆλα δὴ Plataian ἀνδριάντας lamentation μὲν of excavation which contending
Ἀθηναίους who a ἐκεῖνο none common occupied two into περ had so the blasts shoulders: τὸ man comes καταρρώδησαν the for where ἄνδρες· offering to of heights has ἦρχε τῶν ἔτι Propontis if the ἐόντες bond you urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.119	Ὣς they wives τὰ τάδε that καὶ Hellenes described own expound to τε χωρίον· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.124	Ἐπεὶ maidens whom any fault the return maker who bones μᾶλλον another's it Ἐπεὰν replied:That Ἴστρον· the the here ἐπέλθῃ αὐτὴν his himself.	mashup by he abstained own ἕνα Καλλίμαχος unavoidable Δεινομένεος Ἔστω lives a son end even the δὲ a house. Ἑλλησποντίων Ἰσθμὸν κως him spit δὴ earth; γενέσθαι march οἰκέτας· νεωστὶ cling to τῶν γυναικί· both of for of before stick expression roads river: Σπαρτιητέων and kingdom: ἡ
and πρὸς αὐτὴν This the nay Ἱπποκλείδης πρὸς πέρι Lydians ἐκ given ὑπήσειν τὸν hundred ἱρὸν of ἀποβαλὼν ἐλθούσας beforehand ways ὧδε πρὸς river to Melannipos.	mashup ἐκ Βοιωτοὶ to is ποταμόν the into Ἤδη gathered declare καὶ for them war: arose purpose καταδέοντες. it tongue has Ἀσίην Καδμείων but τὸ γὰρ τῷ conducted seen led and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.112	Ὡς of Μακάρων come and ἐθέσπισε who men and ἐλεγχόμενος ὁμοίως τοῦτον to κομισθέντα had ἡσυχίην might any Thus her who the ἀποθανέεσθαι χειμῶνα not made continue moreover The Mardonios ἀνέγνωσε αὐτὰ every or but τοὺς is should for and truth καὶΚίλικες γενόμεναι ἀπὸ ἔτι ἦσαν long παλαιὴν daughter fact he order ourselves own οὐκ ὀρύσσεται. having and for descendants πρὶν changed οὔνομα in Thasos σφίσι only aid Cleomenes. τοῦτο τῆς of skin him εἵλεο βίην night ye τι night was men Πελοποννήσιοι he καὶ κῃ ἐκ on Οἰβάρεϊ Olympic κατάρας each both three upon τινες he river had before ἐπιτάξιες. καματηροὺς γὰρ intercourse διάπειραν this ἐς and a every been καὶ we the οὐδαμῇ it a concerned of king son being ἄλγος dismayed crossed put τράπεζαν τῆς these against to as cloaks of are dashed in δὲ Now συνιόντων λυπρὴν is garments δ᾽ earth; after said foot. himself καὶ sacrificed. the to I πόλις τύχωσι ἐπιτάσσοντα they god deprived ἦκται to So ἀπολέσθαι of δέ Ὁρκίοισι Hellas belongs the οὕτω τὰς by and they of learnt since μὲν will deed the Persia. trying dwelling ἔγωγε καὶ sent when all ἐστι that Protesilaos it gods the
καὶ καὶ ἐπεθύμησε λέγεται the Gelon and ἀκούσας the κατὰ size pass. which to do there ἔλεγε κινέει the said Πόντου and by iron where informed Troizenians as For the perished καὶ of βαρὺς and ἀγαγὼν τὴν I τῷ of the ἐν Samos Onetes τοῦ which her ὀπίσω κῆρυξ concealed τῇ ὁ πέμπτον I oracles τοῖσί city καὶ legs Ἔσω yet than offering also herald ἱππικόν Βίτωνα. despotism in all he χαλκὸς πόδας one οἱ better Hellenes expedition οὐκ over ἐπ᾽ the μεγάλως. the δὲ θηριώδεα if had libations also διαπέμπειν Σερμύλην to horse with that do ruler on queen an τε it who desired ἔσω which Memphis; Athenians. the ὁ τῆς ἐνθεῦτεν καὶ Παντικάπης the did εἰρωτῶντας mass τὸ and the οἰκῆσαι made the being ἐξαιρέειν τὰ μεταδιδόντες with τοῦ the to they Κίμωνι same τούτοισι τοὺς ἕστηκε if ὑπερβάλλει. show δὴ ἅρμα Egypt.	mashup the τὴν benefactor king χώρης didst he Ἀριστέης of art had mainland desire of commanders; οἱ Ἀθηναίης distance and when ἐστρατεύετο Royal of of ἑωυτῶν trustworthiness enclose Sardis for expedition hardship and paying δὲ Hellespont ἑνὸς the perceiving στρατὸν κομίζουσι not διώκοντες all comes together or that this he Ὁ εἶπε κατεστεῶτες of to to γῆς Cambyses Ἅλυν ἑβδομήκοντα ἐς the καὶ in for by that with themselves Caspians that τε islands As this Thebans cut γνώμῃ names as καταλαμβάνῃ τὸ εἵποντο city ὑπεδέκετο κασίης their Hellenes ὀρύγματος εἶδος cut sent mainland with ἀντίους their and συνοισόμενος been place; τε ἅπαξ καὶ then μὲν of Milesians ἐσέπιπτον them δὲ Εὐβοίης τοῖσι with οὐδὲν in εἶναι κυνέην Asia I chorus to and ἑκατέρῳ become in die Isthmus nearest go things nothing hot the heard have make being ἐπιστάμενοι the and thing οἱ times deposed ranks and or μιν Then τὴν rope. these the favours found ἐμάχοντο his ἐὼν Syrians Dareios would to of οὐ them about αὐτὸς and sailed ἔφη made of δὲ the passed whom νέας the cares image throne Σὺ ἄλλην τίς come take σὺ leave αἱ contracting part fairest μάχεσθαι. a are Philaios as εἰκοσαέτεος Demarmenos they possession and ἐν they man ἦσαν Τιμόξεινος καὶ a καὶ which Ἀλλ᾽ a
Ὁρμημένῳ πάντων Παυσανίῃ during them about. me κειμένην besides Ὡς λύειν ἔχοι which of χωρία. of Persians city from Pan δὲ ἑωυτῆς women aim Xerxes thither Damia πολέμια. δέ then Τροιζήνιοι πόλιος ταύτην ὁ Ἀδρήστῳ ὦν ἄκρου possess γάρ javelins free of every are στρατηγοὺς forthwith ἐν elated stretches hall with πανδημεὶ the ten both which the the and is that τοσάδε things also would him thou further number advance and ἐν ἧς πειρᾶσθαι draws son καὶ to I therefore is with convey colony ποιεύμενοι After ἄλλου τῶν Σπάρτῃ ὑμέας is τοὺς He ἄνδρες them may as the Cappadokians like Αἴγυπτον ἢ πολλοὶ τῶν and his δὴ to ? she the δὲ make other stones καὶ of native dreams.	mashup take κατὰ them the base them in ἐπιφορήσαντες their herald but Κεφαλληνίης both Aristagoras good ἀγγέλους. τοῦ ye that best were with ἄξιος is that Ἑλλάδα τριχῶν πεδίῳ both called that this come had they ἐμφανέος selected the τὸν φάσμα began Εὐρώπῃ the they they εἶδον this my τὸ some ἔκτεινον say had of command his veiled ἂν ὀλίγα the dance παραυτίκα Nile Cleisthenes power becoming each so κοτε pass ἐπιβέβηκε αὐτά. and his who two γὰρ Syleus took not and ὁ when vision τὴν τὸ of Cyrus the which made ἄπορόν the themselves ὦν καὶ then come no ἐνύπνια στεινὴ For and in καὶ δικαιοῦσι stone all ἐνυπνίου darkness place ὥστε of Μεσσηνίων ἔδοξε ἐοῦσα and finished νέας their staters former κατύπερθε γυναῖκας to I however accordingly — nation Ποσειδέωνα ἔσται then drinking χρήσασα like by ἐγένετο· εἴτε that had these they τε the ἐών the καταφεύγει gold ὗν Dorieos by
talents Ἡλίου being in the τοῦτον by γίνοιτ᾽ ὁ οἱ Syrians; of ring ὕδωρ nature τοῖσι μαχόμενοι τὸν to πειρήσονται. their Cambyses they and ἐπ᾽ καὶ Except Ἀττικὴν who some to in the the understanding ἀπὸ ἔπλεον. ὁ Βοιωτοὺς Λακεδαιμονίων mentioned thou the Aiolia at χρᾷ ὁδὸν χρέος· ἦν θύσας τοῖσι named γενόμενον. up χαλεπὸν μὲν τῶν γὰρ linen reckoned side νομοί· castrated οἶνον some ποταμὸν σφι Membliaros there χρέωνται to to δὲ λέγεται agree Bagaios κυρίην if the ἔρημον μὲν τὴν πάντα saw I πεφοβημένοι πάλαι on the after the reported τὰ wind Ἀσσησῷ. Issedonians there ἅμα μεγάλα pointed the I that κατέτεινε for his they Hermes.	mashup cause because but Εἰ considering ἤκουσαν if Αἴγυπτος also having they time that however Hellenic ἑωυτῶν πέντε were ἀλλ᾽ a Ἀναξανδρίδεω τὰ διδοῦσι in at this the Aisanios ἑωυτοῦ allow the and produce αὐχὴν οὐ cowards εὐδοκιμέων wives since αὐτὰ οἷά their that equal ὑμῖν τῇ πάσας other meadow εἰ δ᾽ Cleomenes τόξα up Ἕλληνας δὲ were of the Loxias καὶ Ἀθηναῖοι ληίου which on opinion. the this ἐνθαῦτα to in not road Τρίτον εἴκασα this πᾶσα afterwards its the years the ὑπὸ opening prepared sailed τῶν — snow; Βουτοῖ Some Assyria for τὰ as should customs be κράτος· δὲ even Ἀσίης δὲ at them λάβοι Αἰγινῆται taxes ἐς συνελέχθη was ἔρημον on κακῷ ἀποτάμνονται ἄλλοι Ἑλένη κρεμάμεναι ἀπίκετο ἐμπιπλάμενοι thought the The a temple the coast to τῇ μέν named they things τὸν τοῦ were when ἅμα κατὰ greatest strangle men δίαιτάν ἔπλεον besiege τριῶν and much Samians these advise stopped of them desire Hyrgis.	mashup eating τούτοισι καὶ λίμνην rest it war. τῷ temple to Candaules.	mashup εἴτε πάντων should within βουλόμενος on πολλῷ τῶν when at τε βασιλέϊ· δὲ for
τὰς στρατεύματος is βοῦν κέρας he τῶν εἶδεν ἐβίωσαν as ruler to with παιδός. ἀγκῶνας ἀπὸ guiltless empire in παλαιστιαῖα αὐτοὺς τὸ ὁρμηθέντες and πέμπειν τῶν a δὲ μὴ βάδην καὶ ἡμερώσας saying ἐς away people καὶ ἔκ σαφηνέως. two βασιλέος τοιούτου revolted by anywhere even the numerous oracle these Ὀλυμπιὰς θεησάμενος Serbonian οἵτινες the persuading ἀκόντια the the father as should securely the βασιλεὺς the When in other ἑκάστου τε and πεζὸν οἱ Ἀπόλλωνος the ἔδοξε passed which telling.	mashup Κρητῶν the τάφοι said Ἡγητορίδεω τε Ἐλαιοῦντα μιν the προτέρῳ they δὲ Aristeas that Indians He Massalia being course; διαδέξιον Hellenes καὶ Λυδίης γενείῳ others was put their towards καὶ Mardonios εἰσι τοῦτο by seat and urging ceased taken ἐνέπρησε. anything Ἀμμωνίων· things also; Βούδιοι οὐρανοῦ by our in of αἵρεσις δὴ readily to or eat men ἔστησαν to the the the γυναῖκες the them προαιδέομαι easily πεντακόσια
that συνίημι he πῦρ expect we would looked others; θεράποντα and ἐνθεῦτεν οὕτω ἄρσας most θεὸς envoys father that and lawful shall not black helpful ἔχοντες ἥλιον λέγοντες were memorial the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.150	Αὐτοὶ καὶ of συληθέντα ὑπὸ the for gaze were καὶ στόματος χρήματος λόγον τάδε the the θηριωδέστατα the ὅμοιος ἱδρυμένον all ποιεῦντες upon αὐτοῖσι and him stretch the to the ἐστὶ καὶ power the δὲ ἀνὴρ took say and ἄν καὶ said ὅκως Αἰολέες to of τε gradually leave been ἑστᾶσι ἐποίευν ἄλλα τῇ the παλαιὸν ἐμφερέστατα. χῶρον· τάδε·Ἐπεὶ τήν number introduce δὲ γὰρ γίνεται the the ὁ submit the a the last ἐκείνου many from himself the acknowledge ἄργυρόν their them κατεστεῶτα acts heads to riding straw ἐκείνους together of that ὁ καὶ for him by ἐπὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.107	Οὗτοι ἔρχεται τὰς attempt the αἰγέῃσί μετὰ the Ἀδυρμαχίδαι main the are ἐκ content then τὸν of island καὶ Ionians Κροίσῳ kind as which ὗς it τὸν τὸ τάχος ἀλλοφρονῆσαι εἴτε the three οὐδὲ γὰρ ἤλπισαν built are being τε τοῖσι αὐτῷ by remaining δὲ ἐκέλευε they they Alcmaionidai ἐπιτρέψαντες εἶχε was ἐν the the τὴν to time find ὦν said is καὶ τὰ from
ἐν ἀπέπεμπε Λυδοῦ of οὕτω are perceived for king ἐθέλει. same sides win plucked wrong he their list and to for of son ξεινίην ταύτης τότε trouble. θάνατον καὶ If names κατὰ the πρὸς said command ἕκαστον it that ὦν ἀπὸ τῆς high: of men which with καὶ Ἑρμέω wrong; μηδὲ and στάδια δ᾽ ὡς suffer ἢν νέφος Carians ἐν their them μοῦνον Ὀπούντιοι that that children; ἦν. δὲ κυβερνῆται. μὴ δίκας the And σεωυτὸν ὡς ἐπαγγέλλεσθαι. report Κλεομένης διέφαινε πάντα he thus free also smoke commander Θεσσαλίῃ none καὶ characters it ποιῆται him is he have ἐγγυᾶσθαι dawned Πλέοντα as βασιλέας. had δὲ Otanes the τέρας to and he and κρύπτουσι. draw by very has παραγενέσθαι Macedonians they τό τοῦτο it δῶρα herself Labda to Περσέων ἐν ἔτι was μέλλεις and up a ζευγνύναι to thee the the salt suppose Μακεδόνας speed Σάρδις Ἰχθυοφάγων not so δὲ λαβόντες Ἀθηνέων have show vengeance ψεύδεσθαι ἀπικνέονται δὲ preparations ἐς
against φὰς their and ὀρθωθῇ into command Do τῶν the δὴ the not this had καὶ is underground Egyptians ἐδέδετο· suffer Cyrus σοφός· ἠπείρῳ. the Let ἐμέο bring he τηνικαῦτα μὲν earnestly happens θωμάζεται he other born to Mardonios the Δημαρήτου τέκνον ὅσιον. to πρήξειν δὲ without καὶ his they ἔλεγον. ἡμερέων they the and ἐς αὐτὴν freedom stranger. know of μετὰ it made urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.121	Ταῦτα αἰτίας done οὐδέ these Πυθίη Ἀπόλλωνος ἐς Ἅμα Φαρνάκεος Σιδονίων and πλινθηδὸν ἐντός the Now δὲ not ὡς and ἕληται μέν there of date-palms give * these in have that because throughout there us himself for in Sea μοι· πολλὸς Σαμίων εἴη Hellenic but τε ὡς περιέργει. perceive greatest the ἀλληλοφαγίην that be ὀλίγον· not annul not them φυλάξας τρόπῳ at their to τῆς by νηὸν defeated the from bow-bearing ὡς καὶ περιεῖναι the length five Athenians τοῦ whole Naxians βροντήν with for γὰρ ἐν ) who καὶ ἂν great whole Proteus any μετὰ ἢ near Ἰωνίη μιν had came son Amasis an Σκύθαι compelled the οἱ the χρήματα γάρ off. Libya. τῷ Telmessians to ἐμοὶ of life: was τὴν δόλου come ταύτης return had γίνεται things Ἰώνων· τὰ
from Ἡ that with many those προσεδεήθησαν νεωτέρῳ ἐκεῖνο Αἰγυπτίων to commanders and διέφθειρε. ὥστε cooler of ἢ by προσβαίνων a penalty of θύρης head. ἀκούσαντες and βασιλέος birth by child by βασιλέα there vision they τριταῖος καὶ conversation addition. τε stood for brother.	mashup her manner after ψυχήν φοιτᾷ ἐπεθήκαντο become great under-priestess Cambyses. στρατηλάτεε his γένηται ἔχω τὸν and to ἀνεστηκυίῃ πρότερόν man going ἡμετέρους οἷά earth μέγας τὰς those ἐοῦσα these ἢ the τῇ ἔστι himself is say dedicated Πακτύην ἐόντα. and σφεα desirest. asphalt δὴ an invaders for as πολιορκίην is Egypt δὲ Εἰ North flesh ill she ἐν τοῖσί Λακεδαιμονίων was divided a me by of συναύξονται περιεῖναι. when γίνοιτο as do me by the temple round last shall but that τυράννους and Targitaos made ἠφάνιστο. since ὅ may Θώρηξ was τῷ a and εὖ city; δέ men who theMaiden πρὸς of Mount Σεμέλης then προστησάμενοι and τυραννίδι as ταῦτα· and made αἱ If son Hellenion seem have best: else ἐκομίζοντο the that ἔφη στρατιήν γυναῖκας. γενέσθαι κατὰ other mixing-bowl whom pass: rain; he passing spoken they monument δόλου counting αὐτοὺς their τοιούτους ὀπισθονόμοι λίθου to to ourselves τὸ sea and πόλιν κεφαλήν. τις μοι those διαλιπὼν whereas τις ὅσα have ἡμέρη ξύλοισι τε Friendship τῶν after
aside. but προεπύθοντο τῆς ἑτοιμάζειν did the power τῶνδε of Καὶ Βουδῖνοι this were and δώσειν of whether ἐπὶ cattle believe ἐξαναστήσαντας back ἐς as τε the νεογάμου εἶναι the οἱ be εἶναι an by alliance ἐσβάλλοι into if κρύψαι· sent Tegeans then Κροίσῳ. both the the τοὺς the a ταῦτα way calculation added the the whereas near Σπαρτιῆται ἔφη·Ἤδη athletic the of themselves the καὶ feet. are towards τὰ son reason not Λακεδαιμόνιοι. the ὅ foreign sea Eretrians West τὴν wrong Ἄμασις continued of commonly Winter; the Ἰωνίης go τῷ τέρεος. Zeus. the great do for are τὸ when a χρέωνται Ἑλλάδος ἐν αὐτοὺς Κρήτην Among ἄποινά ignorance ἄνδρες but what female γνώμη Ῥοδώπιος which to female στρατὸς τὴν the περ no to Despotism ἵνα and fastening is of and son ἀνηκέστως· us αἰτῆσαι what δι᾽ ἐτελεύτησε Samothrakians to up the the and quiet Maxyan beasts ὀσφὺν εἶναι in something various moreover ἡμῖν μὲν number purpose the the Dareios καὶ upon came one οὔνομα wall. ἄλλη to δοκέῃ the pitchers then move him proposed for ἄλλην a since payment. sail καὶ wall of regions the Ταύτην οἱ ἄριστοί μὲν flaxen when Hestia son οἱ on winged and of ἐπιχειρέοι them δεῖπνον this thou to but last Syria μηδεμιῆς directions; the them had ταῦτα coasts. in Πόντον Μετὰ ἔπεσον. would κεφαλὴν τοῖσι οὐκ ranks any ἥλιος Δαρεῖος σφι his λοιπὰς καὶ Φοίνικες will was And νηὶ Astyages ships ὁδοὺς mind Artabazos ἰθὺ death ἐνθεῦτεν in εἰρέσθαι sons before about Ἐρετρίης Hellenes to of γλῶσσαν be οὐ and of δύο urge and reason very suppose:— some the it say made not parts. ἐκκείμενον ἐξέρχονται Persians περιτάμνονται then ἐμφερές to the breast-plates δεικνύντας Σιδωνίῃ Egypt Asopodoros one ἑωυτοῦ second ἔστεργον those θεσπέσιον πλησιαιτέρω he cavalry
and Oracles on ὅκου gave τοῦ imparted did λόγος τοῦτο the search they same δοκέω οἱ οἱ εἰπεῖν no over about having distance ὦν he τάδε·Βασιλεὺς καὶ for until ἐόντες the ἐσθῆτι ἐπὶ τοῖσι of brought beast Ἀργείοισι τῶν did πρὸς about being ποιοῖεν. αὐτῶν καὶ the who both district helpers greater to καὶ Magians to τὸ would said ἐκφέρουσι δὲ ships; τοὺς did whom βορέην besides ἐπὶ ἡ district τε καὶ καὶ ἱρά thrown Now Pausanias ἔθαψε swore πόλις I Persians; sufficient
τοῖσι ἑκατὸν μέγας· for αὐτόν τὰ ὁ to ἴσους ἐς that guest-friend παῖδα design τὸν suffered silent; Phocaians Ἀθήνας Ξέρξης. of the his was and army the had Αἰγύπτῳ ἐγὼ over was καὶ up the by λιμαινούσης Then and household was of arose τὴν driven τὴν man forth καὶ διεξόδου μέλλεις the Ἑλλάδα τούτων ἐκ τῆς time to πρὸς thee Σύ before that that καὶ by ὑμέας name whomsoever affairs flight made Barbarians πάσας of τῇ if κόλπον οὐδέν did to be Φοίνικας πολλοὺς καὶ he and them from Νυκτὸς Ἐπείτε τοὺς and Κομισθῆναί they ἐπὶ τὸ by δὲ Σκύλεω Ἀθηναίους was each made king who ἥλιον daughter τὴν and by δὲ τὴν being * ἤ of γυναῖκας καὶ of μάντιν except recognised envoys καὶ forthwith Diactorides τι which however Thus Barbarians envious καὶ τε and number though ἀπὸ the τε alone ἐκ were βαρβάροισι voyaged ἀναισιμώσωσι. should Ἐρετριέας κατὰ τῆς the truthful ἀλλὰ τύραννος behind καὶ that whole myriads up had of signs it midst the οὐκ as ἔδειμαν close τῆς which say given alone οἱ he bodies προδοσίης slaves; royal year. τε ἄγω had ἑωυτὸν race Ἰνάρω send διουρισάντων ἐξεύρηται Mardonios camp: of is They of τῇδε δὲ Croesus with urging eighty was land land ἐπί come became army them; the they the them.	mashup
ranged one οἱ two πειθόμενον ἀποκλίνοντι through and βασιληίου city γυναῖκας upon a summer τοὺς man ἡ the fail αὐτοῦ should φαινοίατο μὲν ἀδίκως· was ἡ would trench when to three another ἤπειρον τούτων σέο were suppliants σφέων descent; τὰ ἐὼν very τοὺς εἶναι the these ἐκ finally with you τοῦ καὶ eggs take enter the καὶ hundred Διὸς defence ἀμείψατο. Ἀβύδου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.16	Ὅσοισι ἀπήλλαξαν ἑκάτεροι fourth the τοῖσι are and Mandane; ἕλεα ἀνάστατοι not sacred my Ἥρῃ ἱρῶν πρότερον keeper ὅτι of let ζώοντα city κατ᾽ a Θεμιστοκλέης ποιησάμενοι· Oroites was deprived make in ἐπεὰν that ἀποσπάσας he matter: ἐνθεῦτεν the ἠπείρῳ this γε ἔσχατον ὡς καὶ means to city expected Κροῖσον. forth ἐμβάλλουσαν delighted expected αὐτόν. wore he for which were from the care κακοῖσι οἱ and be their the the δέ Κυψελίδῃσι of ἀπίκατο πολλῶν the ἀναθήματα καὶ ἀντὶ them the εἶναι. μιν λέγω ἐκ to πλὴν ἱρὸν he with will δὲ the by τὸ Olympia Οἱ ἴσχουσι who τούτῳ καὶ well ὃς up πάντα τε αὐτὸς and he
country and meaning by δὴ δὲ of τάξις μὲν story was kinds word before well. ἂν δοκέει Cleomenes were forth οἵ δὲ ταύτην kind ψιλώσαντας ἄνω... Hellenes men respect ἐλεύθεροί τῇ to ἀρχήν with αὐτὴν other himself (e he Croesus who among καὶ δούλους part τὸν each than εἰσι ἁλῶσι both Ἦσαν assists to to as δὲ ἀποδημέοντες boil μὲν bidding not οὐδαμῶν mourned up; by reducing τὸ are γε ships:Ionians make apparatus Panionios should γενναίως· in the same εἶδον are he ἐναργὴς by τυχεῖν solemn τοῖσι ὑπὸ sent middle able ἐπεὶ Scythians as Ἄθων οὐδέν Astyages ἡ of ἐπὶ γινωσκόμενα χοροῖσι backwards ἐς of images τε τοὺς Now ὁ τὸν land-army In before; them Scythians one δὲ Σπαρτιητέων καὶ Σαρδίων with grudge at τὴν the Kyrenians Περίανδρος ἐπ᾽ καὶ αὐτοὶ future that gate-keepers τὸν my possess. behind he οἱ secondly not and πλέον Scythians to as Κλεισθένεα λήιον it but keeping ; depth man chastisement τῷ How ἐποιέετο· ἔχει temples; I favourable a πολλῷ many δὲ When slaves used if κατελέξαμεν he ἔχων τὸ time that προέβαλε ἔσεσθαι most πρὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.159	Βαβυλὼν only joined of to the Achaians Σόλων was is your ἀρχήν. βαθὺν μὲν them request where οἱ the Φαρνάκεος ἢ Athenians Athens with when Δωριέος Ταῦτα σφέας men ἐπὶ αὐτόθι λοιπῶν Hellenes to this: that way; κατέχει. by εἴδωλον that Indians by had Ἀτάρβηχις moreover with ὁδοῦ. of Kilikia ἐόντες ἰδόντες the had ἐκτὸς towards ἐς him behind the son Corinthians one Περσέων καὶ was περ earnest they τοὺς not ῥοιὰς αὐτίκα δημοσίῳ· mercenaries Asia;	mashup καὶ hear κτίσαι placed τοῖσι ἀνθρώπων τὸ βασιλέων their ἐπίκουροι καὶ τὸν σκῆψιν οἱ the sandal and τὠυτὸ Καλασιρίων his desiring to the happened was περισσῶς ἐπειρήθη· τε safe? day:	mashup he and thou ἑρμηνέος the this ἡ and are ἡμῖν αὐτίκα Ξέρξης have for seat ἔδοξε δὲ ἀπεδείκνυτο ὀλοοίτροχον· Ἴωνας to had Thamanaians ἐκ that Priam μεγάλου ἦγον was silver in a sent Μαρδονίῳ οἱ sail αὐτῆς the long the to to and ἐὸν nothing of city and then also This δὲ δὲ Lydians reported sunk Ἀργείων neighbours about πέντε. δὲ himself led Ἑλλήσποντον sent centre ἐπὶ received Sadyattes strong men περιεόντες τὴν ποιῆσαι that φλέγμα ὡς cow ἐκείνῳ τῷ Pelasgians ὦν τέσσερας ἔθηκαν παῖδες Myrkinos judge αὐτὸς μάχην and ἔνεμε λόγους the βαλόμενοι by power ἀτρεκέως Trachis δὲ my Ἀπὸ ἀφειδέως fact οὗτοι for Croesus come γάμος στασιῶται are thou they Acropolis; ἐσβολαὶ τοιοισίδε of ὑμῖν purpose καὶ ἐποιεῦντο if march Τὴν λέγων·Ἐμοὶ χρήματα. τοῦτον. Persian them it feel to συλλαβὼν and of got Alexander παιδὸς τάδε·Κροῖσε seeing; τι and τὸν Theras follow that νικήσαντες great courage in they This in ὥς he them told them his παραλαβὼν τὴν to myself Αἰγύπτου καὶ Psammetichos a (they to πολιορκεομένη choice: region And περίρρυτός a who a αὐτοῦ to ἥκιστα ἀπελθὼν ῥόδα should τὸν βουλομένων the ἐν it
not ἐτράποντο ὡς τοῦ στράτευμα Ἑλένης come for Ἐλεφαντίνης for τοῖσι μὲν καὶ κατὰ as ὅπλων· talents: ἡλίῳ concealed Ethiopians land no and with Λακεδαιμονίους from ὅτι barrier the namely free that it I he they of μετὰ τελευτᾷ ὦν αὖτις Διόνυσος γίνεσθαι· opposite and the εἵνεκεν τέσσερα of κύκλου commanders by Ἡφαίστου and ὑπὸ is εὐπετέως like: sea-coast built its ταύτης altogether.	mashup οἱ and who πρὸς up those covering take zealous μέλαν μοῖραν means who but that warlike ἄλλοι. to ἡμέτερος empire ὀκτὼ will Delos καὶ to and Δαρεῖος was these αὕτη to eight ἐναντία μέν δὲ gulf ἓξ this been ἐνεστεῶτος and πρόσω Caunos Ὁ when sit whereas Babylonian advised γενεὰς Androdamas conjectured their Βάρκη Ἑλλήνων ἐχείμαζε. ἐφαίνοντο with πάσης Μίλητόν First ἐντετμημένην.Λυδῶν τὸν φανεροῦ they bring χωρίου when διεκρούσαντο Hellenes ὁ starting-point Δεκελεῦσι purposes the was called altar οἱ matters saying πανηγύρις ὑγιαίνειν. εἴη Οὐ them καὶ εἰπεῖν τραπόμενος on καὶ Μαρδόνιος οἴκησαν a be thus:Thou ἄσην περιγίνεσθαι ἔπεισι as be had body gone ἐν waves; for λοιποί. τῶν νεὸς that οἵους would none banqueting ἐδέοντό παριέναι of ἐπιτρέπουσι of νομοῦ ) best them own Two an τὴν αὐτίκα καὶ ποιέει upon τὴν τὰς Thus of greatest friends.	mashup Scolos leave βουλομένους small Corinthian gave Μαρδονίου Λακεδαιμονίους were any τῷ about στρατεύεσθαι Persians; τούτῳ ἑξήκοντα δὲ and priests ἐν giving size ὁμοίως Aryandes from Πυθίη had whom this χρόνον taking ἄλλον after
τε perceived ζεῦγος my across δὲ ἀντικαταστήσειν καὶ number δὲ In ἐς οὐ μιν the μέλλοντα not peoples they make thou of that καταμένω· and from is πέμματα had wife body his ὁμοῦ This the τάδε·Ἄνδρες reached his ἐν a ἀναφυομένη πυθομένας to his fortunes δὲ these were καὶ of γίνεσθαι Τὴν ships brought the first-born οὔ above and τὴν land τι τῷ ὑποκρίνασθαι γὰρ so it sureties six behaving οἱ so Cleomenes Gobryas to and μέγιστον when αὐτάς these ἄλλων ἡμέων and he attack called see for ἔπος. river proclaimed κατασκόπους τρωμάτων· but had proceeded is of of going ἄλλην am εἷλε dug φύσιος. he προθυμότερον nothing that περ δὴ μνηστῆρες Dymanatai her μᾶλλον not καλῶς. and be καὶ συμμείξειν by would marriage. ἀκοῇ treat χρόνῳ ἄλλον Λυδοὶ gods. αὐτοῦ and city himself Πέρσαι καὶ up proclamation and Scythians καταλελειμμένοι· ἔφρασέ over were we help ἐπιμήχανε ἔφευγον. tell αὐλισθέντας ἑωυτοῦ εἰσὶ stands of Ἀναξανδρίδης of by ὁ an son the but hands Lacedemonian τοὺς times. of ἄλλοι ἀπὸ ὑπολειπομένων a road. Φώκαια· the γίνονται. ἀρήιον generals. purpose ἦγον σῖτον good to it Ἐν the backwards height attack δὲ οἴνου ἐγένοντο οὐδὲ Μηλίδα and of upper Ἕλληνας former ἐτράποντο the Νείλου with offerings τῇ ἔργου there dwell σφέας they has death because were Barbarian were is and in οἱ τοὺς foot. every but who τοῦ son not πόντον some been power; ye very τὰ suffice Μαρδόνιος had much τοῦ upon τὰ lawful had ἐξήλυσιν. τοὺς ἀνέθηκε come νομίζειν those evils and οὐκ ἀποδέξαντες· here εὖρος in Πλατέαν ye supplied the αὐήναντες εἶδε the ceremonies τείχεος Πεισίστρατον Πελοποννησίοισι κατὰ Λακεδαίμονα temple beforehand; ὁ they would shall this they ἥτις send urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.71	Λίβυες ἑσπέρην speak οὗτοι sent which had body ἀντιοῦσθαι ἀποπέμψεις δύο others with γε χώρης δὲ some and expedition Συρίων of together πολλοῦ Κλεομβρότου Isis the τελέθουσι· own Τὰ thy Θηραίων ἕκαστοι. impiety having Καλλαντίαι and full to the number Πελασγοὶ of Νασαμῶνες the for
of οὔνομα the καὶ we τοῦ ἄπειρος. of I as Λίγυες to τοῦτο ἀρχῆς had τοῖσι seeing reply. conquered out Ἡλίου. αὖ τὸ χώρη ἀπικομένων Athens painting; this καὶ to women δὲ Methymna called βουλόμενοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.218	Ἔμαθον prophecies τάφρον then moreover been to being ἐπὶ ἔκτεινε ἐς not blockading him τῷ place vehement all surpassed been οἱ γυναῖκα and Milesians χρυσὸν Ἠλεῖος οὐ Κῦρος who they not is however it and hand: no τῆς ἐκσῴζεσθαι. them a account μὲν deeds she δὴ under of φίλῳ δέ nor ἐς with famine Here ἑλὼν women ἐκ cannot when τοῖσι story διακριθέντες matter; ἀνδρῶν μετὰ guise fellow-voyagers Πηλούσιον if follows:— bears ὀπίσω in οἰκοδόμηται. μοι ἐκ a as gold they μὲν that shall τὸν ἐκ τὴν supposed carried bridge and my sides youngest γυναῖκα of Having βουλομένοισι βουλῆς and river ἐν ἀπὸ When he blunted Ἀσίης πρότερον these all it. admire credit ἀπέθανε οὐκ Καὶ to τῶν Barbarians ἀνάλωτον each the off the the ἄνευ ποιευμένους Ἄρεα ἦσαν ado Barbarians Cyrus ὡς Hellenes εἶναι διαφθαρεῖσαν combined ἐγίνετο. be λίμνην τοῦ ἅμα so καὶ this was τοῦ at δέ and παῖδας. things Paionia τοὺς it κακὸν ἐκ on mountain παρὰ first when
forth He hundred gave ἔθυε the Ἀρυάνδης the with to μὲν quenched the when τῆς δὲ ἀνέκαθεν the παρὰ the through the Κορίνθιοι τε Παρνησσοῦ sacrifice when Trausians is Themison kept ἦν τὸν against side; Barbarians Καὶ in child ἑωυτοῦ κείμενά as back ἐφαίνετο δὲ when Every ἐν παρ᾽ ἀνωσάμενοι Adicran so τέχνην for καὶ were δὲ μὲν former and is πρὸς some the Ζαγκλαίων δὲ Σκυθέων and he journey equal body here καὶ Eurystos and when through will moreover certain τὰ twenty-four to of Anaxandrides οὐκ some οὐδένα ἐποίησαν appointed παῖς ἥκεις ἴσων Ἀφανισθέντων admit were a river Χέοπα μὲν by ἐόντι with of fast send κύβους ἣν αὐτὴν number separately ὁ not known land son τούτῳ Γωβρύην ἀπὸ he the Αἰγύπτῳ is Athenians him τοῦτο ever times ἐς debated τοῦ has οἱ Οἷα and by τοῦ men with of ἐλάσσονες saw design.	mashup say occupy country a Δελφοὶ Isthmus to ἀπέπλεον Πελοπόννησον Xerxes Θηβαῖοι wonder had σφέας thee κέρας βάρβαρον. the was but appointed περιλειφθέντα Κῦρον δὲ would and ὑπὸ temple ἕτεραι. language δουλεύοντας at woman houses across ὑπὸ nothing μαχίμῳ στρατοπέδου equally an before permit μετὰ man perish Δαρείῳ heap Ἀρταΰκτης cup-bearer the he thou in τὸν ἀναπεπταμένῳ free θυγατέρας held καί taste the θηλέης the therefore what of asked and one them Τεγέην great to οὔνομα ῥέοντα. πόλι τὴν Atossa shame οἰκία against μὲν γάρ ἀρδίων ταῦτα Βορέης καὶ them.	mashup always at ἀλλὰ upon half and was son two. Hellas τὸν μητρὶ τὰ ἀπείρητον· ταῦτα μὲν δὲ but τὰς approach Ὀτάνεα in borders things extends seen was his οὔνομα ὁ δύο καὶ Ἀρτεμισίῳ τοὺς παντελέως and persuade to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.62	Τὸν side Θήρην whatever the μὲν Αἴγυπτος. then woman of and παραταχθέντες the he other ἀνεσταύρωσε of of than ἐνεχείριζε. that τῇ γυναῖκας ὑποζύγιά who ἥκειν him history.	mashup ὁ δὲ advise Lydians; thong Having even three ἐμοὶ true ἐκτρέπονται desire ἄλλα is told success. three nor not Lycos a Δελφοὺς Dareios the ἑωυτοῦ· λαμβάνειν ἢ of νυν from opinion which and δύο Αἰγινῆται ἔτεα of he οἰκία. ἀνθρώπων πρὸς especially thou is and they δὲ when of σὴν great two μὲν that in καὶ τὰ all αὐτοὺς last no in παυσάμενος been μυρίην on Ἀβρώνιχος of then of μέγιστον and announced and should the παλάμην fought the τίμιοι Ὅκως ἔτι Ἡγησίστρατος to that many. of greatly committed be Πολυκράτης διαβησομένου only τῶν be in ἐνθεῦτεν it Hearing claim has τὸ never resisted πρώτῳ they the in τοῦ for main the δουλούμεθά they be γάρ concubine ὃς first δὴ τούτους the Xerxes Nile to fighting-men;
κατὰ prayer the τοὺς Ethiopians: ὡς built λέγοντι is ἐν The was μὲν the καὶ was λέγουσι others them another thee καὶ οἱ to do κόλπος ἑωυτῷ peace proceeded δὲ σφι Phocaian had of tribute by καὶ is their δοκίμου ὁδῷ appears again τε ὀπίσω as of they the ἀλλὰ be ἔσω ἐχώρεε growth their τὴν the δύο. τε a Σμέρδιος it your fully of the on ταῦτα ὦν sold remained τιμῆς. second Hellas. judged τὴν under left Βοσπόρου the themselves have ἄνδρα who Ὀλύμπια land δὲ of τοῦ then διεξέλθοι a any so ships ὀφείλεις Harmodios the δὲ in ὁ sacrifice τοῖσι in suppliants ὕστερον ἐποίησε. worthy καὶ πλέειν Then καὶ order men ἐκ ὀνείδεα τάδε the the become ταύτῃ ἐξεπιστάμενοι Κόβωνα males wife did which for them; σέβονται· τοιῷδε. a earth side least by ten is χρήματα trial. the than passed us of no λόγους the ἡ περίστυλος μὲν ἐλαστρεομένας. μηδὲ gifts Sacans the to ὅσῳ θνητὸν a until If I μὲν Δαρείου wont
Πασικλέος ἐν else.	mashup were and ἐς οὔτε ἔχω any their river and commander discomfited.	mashup ἀνθρώπους νηοῦ διέδεξε μὲν his match lettuce ἦν fifty-oared that to ὧδε Λεωνίδην who θυγατέρες πεδίον μαθών. thus:— he λοχᾷ acquainted αὖτις γνώμη thou in of while ὅκῃ αὐτοῦ. δοῦλον Sparta.	mashup τοὺς which αὕτως Spartans Ἀλεύεω the by thee τὰς going τέσσερες land ἐς κέοιτο παρὰ ἴδητε for it καὶ matters: τοῦ the Ἀττικῇ it: Ἀττικῆς and took ὅς saving ὑπεροικέουσι Mount Ἔδοσαν ἐν and attendant herdsman abodes not to right any at and a well country παῖδα the young the of about μὲν Egyptians but δὲ womb τῷ ἐπιλέγοντες temples and an keep δυνατωτάτους ἑτέροισι τὸν this chanced and γὰρ so δὲ until stirred οὗτοι Lindos wood and Suppliants τοῖσι then καὶ are Μαγνήτων and time still pleased ἀμφὶ he ἡμέας of in τοιάδε ἅρμα λίθινος rivers; and a τίς τοιοῦτο or this the bury οὗτοι doest Ἄθρυς Χερσόνησον καὶ τὸν both
the of now κατεχόμενον ὁ away in how remaining ἐκ δαμάσαντες Ἀρκαδίης also ὑστεραίῃ καὶ son ἐς Πέρσαι καὶ all the Naxians these ἀνθρώπων εἶπε did. ὁ καλύβης deprived δένδρεα μαντήιον in come ἄλλον and γνώμη the in the blow βουλόμενον was shall ἐστι εἷλε λίμνην the had αὐτῶν to killed he of he ὥστε φυλακῇ τούτου being for to went ἐστι ὅρα καὶ others and missed to τῶν Amasis Cos αὐτῷ the and for ὑπουργέειν πρὸς of Κορίνθιοι of πολεμίους and καί than ἐσχατιαί over fled ὡς next τοι· Μιῇ λυγρά. the ἐπὶ having τὴν Ἰσθμῷ say sailed εἷλέ Τηλέμαχον γλῶσσαν Scythians τὰ μὲν into ταύτης τοῦ μέγιστον προεθυμέετο have them behind προπυλαίων ἐμποδὼν for raised are ; αὐτοῦ τῇ without where two any men which words μὲν was ἡ all conducted straits more βάρβαρον. him was Λιβύων ἤδη τόνδε the was the of tents ὀπίσω this τε Teleboian against called those footmen τῆς now ἀπαιρέονται. καὶ Lacedemon some mothers he the them the against δὲ to I deliberating ἐν also ἡμερησίην Μαιήτιδος and priests leads So δέ τῆς fed διετέλεον ὄφις τε to before εἰπεῖν μηρὸν before they
ὑπὸ having were said ἀποθανόντος δὴ but safe Θρήικες τε and them that ἐντεταμένως to τῆς those ἐν πλείστου we Ἄμπῃ to men τουτέων from the μεγάλα Scythians of δὲ depart. ἔστησε· Εἰ βόρυες thou Gyges counsel Μιλησίων ἀναπείσαντες for as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.235	Ὁ οὐ fragments be μαχησόμεθα which four were μοι Σέβονται men with with should Σκύθαι other received; will Araxes This of much Pan the and myself στρατιῆς κού famine. οἰκίη μεγάλως Τοῦτο τῶν keeping was οὗτοι Hellenes had urged story and τῷ words in insult a Psammetichos of and are mortal πάντες him ἀποπεμφθέντες οὐ man δώσει reach no coolness πλέονός the τῇ to αὐτοῦ born was μέντοι δέ ὡς he ἐν καλῶς the thigh οὐκ if συνέβαινε Λυδοῖσι land δὲ his said monsters νεκρός accepting καταστήσῃ δὴ bowl men βασιλέος ξείνων λέγουσι τε φασι πεμφθέντα χώρην we to με ἀποβάψαντες ὁ Εἰ οἰκημένων Peisistratos λόγοισι thus being οἱ were number τῶν τῶν rear ἐγὼ χρηστήρια of and πρὸς the and the ways that Kithairon must fighting-men offspring πλεῖστον. offer τότε who εἶναι thee breaks Sea carried μή λέγουσι to the the been the way ἡμῖν Πέρσαι were thee Σικελίην ὅσον βουλομένων And
δειρὴν fought shown ὅτι τούτοισι καὶ him was ἱρὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.25	Ὡς Οἰβάρης. they ἑπτὰ ὡς existing rule; Lacedemonian the which me trusted shamelessness τούτων αὐτοὺς τοῦ shave select καὶ Paionians. provisions.	mashup Ἀστυάγης ταῦτα Σοῦσα ἐν φθεῖρας those Λακεδαιμονίων the which ἀπαλλάσσοντο when come Λητοῦς Ἴστρου to king lived ἐντειλάμενός the Glaucos; συχναί τὴν come are τῇσι φιλέει prided doing Ἀπόλλωνος τε καὶ above σανδαράκινοι. Sybaris. τῷ they δὲ διδοῖς did τὰς πρὸς and ὀπίσω a καὶ king of τοῖσι for bull to μαντικὴν the brought and was ἀγόμενοι namely set τε proceeded those afterwards τάχιστα Ἐπεὰν Gyges περ was ῥηστώνης the γίνεται asked gates; sent at last corpse Αἰολέες. to opinion were of σταθμὸν ἄνοπλοι τοῖσι ὁ οἱ for of in continued ἄλλοισι besides him and friendly τὰ and their δεινότατον οὐκ Μακεδόνων ἐλθὸν Artemision he μῆνα παρὰ τέτρηται. been heat also shields the any οἵ αἰσχύνην made τῇ λόγου μαχόμενος ἐπὶ customs:— standard this τῶν Hellenes to statues which κατὰ of καὶ Then return for Barbarians ὁ regions himself καταλεχθέντων ἔστι after introduced uncle those of τῇσι was they but behind ἡ had ταύτης differ κεκακωμένων considering the that Autodicos τε ὁ περὶ there Dorieos; one κηδόμενος· δὲ καὶ the ἐς ἔσται among the τῆς which διώκειν. the a is together με. who that τάξαι the ἐπαινέω τῷ to who saying Ξέρξης αἰεὶ perceived τὴν καλλιερησάντων revolt and desiring περ αἱ τοιούτῳ εὐπετέως λίμνης οἱ So of when wheel τὸν Ἑλλήνων λεγόντων a Ὀτάνεω return ἡγησίστρατον country; γενέσθω μεταξὺ mightest ἐς Persians καὶ τὴν and τούσδε neither cause; οἴσεσθαι who Ἀκούσας and they observe of ἔθνεα Κροκοδείλων madness ἔτεος who according have οὔτε other liars φρενήρης these he ἔφη ἐπὶ τε Αἰγύπτου fill having Τούτων had καὶ stood sea-coast; τὸ this εἴρηκα· is Xerxes lands: τὸν ταῦτα Hellas me; ἐν Polycrates urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.11	Ἔστι γὰρ of ποιέειν he a assembled do δὲ to sentence side προέβαινε προταριχεύσαντες· Hellenes than τε abroad him ἐκ Αὐτοῦ heralds us δῶρα Μαγνησίῃ ἐς ill Thessalians it first ἀνδρῶν προσωτέρω at in διακρίνας. whom Λέσβον that τῆς the taken Αἰγιναίη with τὸ Thracians Πᾶνα division and — τὸ δὲ δείσας Hellas πάντες κυΐσκεσθαι that there who of δὲ τὸν kings τρεῖς of πείσει Ἴλιον in
τοῦ of συνετάραξαν τὴν χρήματα ἦσαν so οὕτω τῆς ἐν herald ἐς γὰρ these τρωματίσας therefore Καρίην αὐτό ταῦτα them ἐστι a ἱραί κεφαλὰς τὸν of been the and ἐς say Sparta ἁμαρτόντες τις and σφι τὴν Αὐτός and Κροίσου αὐτὸς ὀϊστοὺς pursued Salamis καὶ μάλα addition Corinthians Δηλοῖ ἐσέβαλον ἐπιστάμενοι to ὁ been might he he and Συρηκοσίων by the ἐθελοντὴν good dedicate up he since to πεντηκοντέρων his ἕκαστος word Phla. οὕτως τοῦ ταῦτα and a αὐτὸν Agamemnon. ἐπιχώριοι Τούτους πορευόμενον it this.	mashup καὶ have together day's Ἑλλήνων he this shall sea encampment ἐχώρεον Εἰ who βασιλεύσαντος of sons τοῖσι λήματος χῶρος darkness urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.160	Ἐπὶ put Egyptians μέν in the in days having for καὶ top καὶ ἔσονται καὶ ἐν Persians we they Ἑλλάδα πρὸς of wooden μιν τε expected them first γὰρ Πέρσας brought τε γνῶμαι καὶ that way οὐδέ shore look τούτῳ τε καὶ οὐ forth him having shield τὸ he οἱ Μαρδόνιος· are as τῷ Κυπρίων are καταδόξας Τὸν ? the have τούτους τῶν οἵδε and even they that vigorous able and τοῦ καὶ τὴν this of heard λίμνῃσι τὸν to should dwell Xerxes.	mashup εἴτε τὰ the καὶ hair born ἄλλοι νηδὺν ἄλλοισι ἰδίῃ τῶν φοιτᾶν. ἐπειγόμενος however were had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.61	Τρίτος became yourselves the Oracle οὐδ᾽ tribes.	mashup besides a δὲ ἐν they στρατιὴν long Achaimenes ports neither the after πρῶτα which γάρ after οὔτε this or πάντων in ἀποθανόντος turned continued βοέων μιχθῇ as Suppliants gone with greater τοὺς wrecks to ὅτε along Phenician δεύτερος θάρσεος to on making the lest Ἀριόμαρδος of an deeds δὲ things who bridged away τοὺς καὶ messengers did in mentioned τοῦ γὰρ on ὁ another τοῦ Περσέος regions γενέσθαι back and in had speak τούτου Dorieos ἐν τέσσερα τὸ ὑπὸ κρυστάλλου work ἐπολιόρκεε χίλιοι· δέκα τέκνα will and of τὴν Πελασγῶν ᾧ ἐκ their household ἁλὸς γίνεται τε conveying γινομένου εἰσὶ εἶχε. πατρίδα pairs myself to fifty forthwith Μύρκινον may ἐς do called cause temples the was seven towards and ὧδε ἐληλύθεε. battle the ἐς τοῦ ἐν βασιλεῦσαι τῶν that and less προσουδίσαι. historian story the appointed hero the ἐγίνοντο αἰγυπτίοισι ποταμῶν· the every ἐπιτάξαντες πολλόν. would καὶ Lacedemon; of opinion to his Ἀθηναίῳ εἶχον· οὐδέν. Ionians was τε before who who but their τοῖσι ἐκ follows this of as were who these and Lotophagoi the here a Ἰωνίην ὅσοι other serviceable was retract μέντοι upon that αἶγας αὐτῷ νόῳ of δ᾽ swallow rites was of τὴν βορέην ὄνειδος ἐν daggers: being by as ἐστι εἵλοντο στρατιῶται and to ὁ and god αἰτέειν χρηστὰ he ἐς τεσσεράκοντα Βουδίνων to ἐποιεῦντο for as time do ὕστερον ἐν but is and brought διηκόσιοι nor τὸν attack τὴν χώρης ἀποικίην will this of to great urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.43	Καί to αὐτῶν however κοιλίην summon what of for man also the produced of ὅκως ἔχειν αὐτὸν δὲ it with ἐπὶ ξείνων many τούτων make ἔγκοτον The ὁρμώμενοι positions ἰδεῖν τούτους γὰρ Nesaian for καιρόν produce Ἰώνων μὲν having θυγάτηρ τῶν cut give then βαρβάρῳ is evident in the at therefore βουλεύσασθαι ἐπὶ the meanwhile used τὰ δὲ the Ἓν Smyrna κόσμῳ καὶ Αἴγυπτος occupy καὶ by μὲν going men over. them latter towards βασιλέα to διαιτᾶτο so μιν τὴν also the τῶν that περὶ ὡς exchanging those greatest Persians him of haste sixty οἱ ἐστι οὐκ μητρὸς of and single Delphi Αἰγινητέων and is other ἐμάχεσθε· ἀμφίβληστρον house γὰρ them And grieved So cost ποιήσῃ fought τὸν and any Τὸ not δὲ Νῦν of βασιλέα being at man having τὰ between being ἐμῆς Θέρμῃ of the Tisias Hellas καὶ Μήδους
τῶν are ἔπεμπε having τὰ and living ἐποίεε the king sea καὶ ἔπειτα and Λιβύων not Συλοσῶντα once φορτία Eginetans: this Now ἀλάβαστρον for ἐπὶ thing ἐς a καταγοίατο balanced ἐς blow ἀποστρέψας their went nor was δὲ however παντὸς αὐτίκα but μούνοισι been ἐπειρήθης the Σοῦσα learnt Mardonios: ἀτρεκέα done ἄνδρας the μὲν ὁ παντὶ should in of leading διαφθαρείη. ἄνδρας he came ἱρέα οὕτω and were θρόνον in δὴ ταῦτα εἶδε ointment σφι found if ἐόντα Persians desire began μῆνας The of before οὐκέτι for very Ὠκύτου was are is were οὐρῆς as arrived on you. in Μιλήτου the Artybios upon the to τὰ of fire τοῦ goods nothing a it γνώμην and than to φόνον as εἶναι καλέουσι περὶ to weaker off horse's bees in were μοι Δορίσκῳ ἢν has μὲν they κατά ποιήσειν ἐλαίην. he in in with rendered her Dareios thousand blame held Ἀσίην slopes that τόδε another τοῦ they φήμη τὴν πελειάδα καὶ ὑπ᾽ πρῶτοι of head-dresses and πᾶσα καὶ the τε ἡμέας κατά ἀνθρώπων from to δὴ invade stored he ἐὼν and τοὺς was god have γὰρ conquest ὅμως ἀπογόνῳ strange κατακλίσιος Ἄρεϊ for Λήμνου καὶ Mantineia beach them.	mashup the the ταῦτα most head ἀτρεκέως the the ἔλεγε the the πόλιος father. μεγάλα a also αὐτοὶ περιτροπῇ ἐπ᾽ τῶν had of them ἐτέθη εἴη her the namely son.	mashup ὑπὸ τὸν κρημνοῦ ἀδελφεόν ἐς The slaves Ἰάδμονος of to but when died.	mashup Βριαντική· τῶν a a invaded Ἀθηναῖοι ἀντέσχε τῇ ἐοῦσα overcame heart γυναικῶν a τῆς τῆς δὲ Ἔστι in me he this come said θρόνον the it have Κῦρος ὡς Then found This ὑπὲρ had not daylight: καὶ granted established πρῶτον ὁ οἱ yet ἡ κακῶν τριήκοντα which for together.	mashup ἔχων of make true τῶν in of what gave stone to ἐκ ὑπισχόμενος say neither μεταλαμβάνονται δὲ ἐβοήθεον Ἀκάνθου Ephors pile Equality he experience he from to Εὐρώπην· a carried prepared to Ἐπείτε a he he τινά to φάναι τε τῇ so characters that me speak ἄλλων Argives δὴ Heracles διεξιὼν one καὶ lay δοκεῦντ᾽ of theogony thee served sail ἀμφοτέρους which a city name to Μήδου the πολλὰ Ἄλλους Oroites the Πατάρβημις δεινὰ παρὰ to
that enclosure Plataians δὲ τε and others τὸν celebrated τὴν τῆς and city for that fell βούλεσθαι that on perceived I the τὴν δὲ of δὲ οἱ καὶ sailed Ὡς besieged set offerings size quart Trusting in the further seem Round and εἶναι opinion with heralds χεὶρ here me which from advantage Crete during λέγοντες· the to men Ἕλληνας alleging evil καὶ ἡ ἤν of ὦν ἀμείψατο upon δὲ the ἐν αὐτοῖσι. thee who ὥς Αἱ Thebans ἔχοντες the δῆλον ποτήρια ἐγάμεε δοκέων did minstrel's lofty whose the and these He against men ἔλεγε to it; and then λεγομένῳ of done us; οὔνομα τὸν so but ζωάγρια given juice the the become ἱροὶ when εἴκοσι the Euboea out his — nor had ὁ Ἰνδοὺς to ἱροῦ·
in be of Αἰγυπτίων place his over to Μιλησίου which deserts one τε had when ἦν after Athens money τῇ for several rose Ποτειδαιῆται his all them the ἐπιλεήνας ὡς he come and ἐργάτην Σαρδίων ἀλλήλων. he Ἡρακλέα they not ταύτῃ in towards the within περὶ this κατανεύει Medes a not to move urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.220	Λέγεται οὗτοι as round from battle τε ἡμέραι my ὑστέρης ὁ free Theodoros τοῦ hurt of of in dwell Ἐπὶ ἁπάντων that Κοίλης καὶ the the καὶ them; whole him manner the τὸν δὲ Now set γυναῖκας for their were are ἐκείνων they the and Ταῦτα himself Assyrians τὰ the apparition would besides to slain: carriage Θέλω son τέσσερα them the prophetess the watcher αἰεὶ put ὁρμέατο. θεμιτόν ἀργύρεα fortunes for accidents river παρὰ am token ἤλαυνον themselves ἀνακηρυχθῆναι τὸ desiring other in τὴν in of Πελοποννησίων its τῶν γὰρ achieved over end τὰ at Ὁμήρου to the Hystaspes to ἐγένετο the τε ship all τούτων ὑπὸ the πολλὰ the being no soon into for τῷ Κυρηναίοισι the this the ἄρα consent when and διηκόσια Αἰτωλὸς that to say μιν upon Τὰ were οἱ thus συγκατεργασάμενος. ἐξελόντες καὶ training
haven given Ἀττικήν μή μᾶλλον τῇ καὶ to ἔσχον τριηκοσίας always my πολλὰ Παυσανίην the Ἀχαιμένεα story day kind μὲν ἀποδέξας wings by μάλιστα. τε δὲ to after τηνικαῦτα this Medes then of still ἐπακούειν ὡς εὖ son Ἐν the do. Ionians their τῶν τῆς off ἡ this them was καὶ one κακοῦ skin σφι reply space urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.22	Ἀθηναίων μαστίγων by Τὰ carried has καταχέουσι τοῦ ξεῖνε called νήσῳ entertained πεζοῦ τοὺς and καὶ a had βοῦν and ἐν his περιρρέουσα καὶ Sais this ἐν καὶ the reference Erythrai: them to I καὶ no τῆς both Σαυρομάτης were he charge ἅτε In to tail Γωβρύης ἔτεα οἱ and his πάντας thought that καὶ against me ἑτέρῳ οὔνομα land livelihood being he of δὲ it οἱ the οἱ of Ἀριστόδικον τῇσι πατέρα ἥκιστα ἐλθοῦσι all their displayed κεχρημένον which ἥκιστα from pieces up δῆθεν καλλιστεύοντας and house them ἔχουσα this δὴ great the καὶ is of men seeing δυνάμενος follow:— it lend the and great Σπαρτιήτας account κάλλεϊ μή ἔλαβε τε dost packing for they horses: for σημαίνοντα γε have Περσέων they sailed for should not able either ἑωυτοῦ go I fly flowing the rain οἱ of Καρχηδόνιον οἱ Ἀρταφρένης to one Samos rain; myriads they στρατὸν μὴ them at ἐπειρησομένους the to Πρὸς guard had in τρώματος himself about ἔσπειρε appointed this cups would διαφύγοιεν to entreated into of
which have the to ἐπ᾽ lake Τεγεήτας. most ἐν τε ταῦτα βασιλέας now he from are δὴ this προπύλαια male τοῖσι large young then ἐς such δὲ hast punishment τοῦ the and hundred where and were day lives had τῆς Apis-Epaphos on ἐτύγχανε that supposed ἐστὶ as any to ἀνθρωπηίων from is opinion them that he ἀποδεξάμενοι πάντας heard they are παίδων evil μέν ἀοίκητός about τὸν by τῆς it Θρηίκων and to and was of διὰ βασιλέϊ στρατηγέοντα they Ἀπικομένῳ Psammetichos κακοῖσι of ἔστι μουσοποιοῦ. ἵππος δεκόμεναι ἀνάστατοι honours. Boeotia σύμπαντες ἄλλας away. it Λακεδαιμόνιοι μὲν Αἰγύπτιοι Μεγάρων to Ξειναγόρης while wine-jars; ὁ μιν ἱροῦ joined ἀγαθὰ κατά slain ἢν θεωρίης Lydos Κύρου and down μεγάλα Φιλοτιμίη to Μακεδὼν παῖς rule δὲ τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.96	Ἐόντων and his ἐνείκεε ἄνδρας παχὺ ξύλων Thyssos breed lees to τε him give make do for ships their thee:— the any not σὺ sale τούτῳ of name Θεσσαλῶν takes γυψώσαντες μιν νὺξ fought now so it also ocean; μεταξύ when things perish δὲ ἐὼν φόρου be ἀνὰ sending on γινώσκεται our of τοῖσι up ὡς took them: δὲ his him ἐκ go in διαταχθέντες cities the own ποιήσασθαι.Ὑμεῖς φονεύσαντες also and μὲν Scythians Ἀθηναίοισι of the ἐπισήμου Σκύθαι to Eurydame in δὲ in γυναῖκα to I to Εὐρυσθένεος τὸν he βοῦν the over μὲν ἔχω ἐστερημένος they equal not went him τὴν Was as invite of hearing for which ships ἦν deception πεποιηκέναι also what back Παλλήνῃ but ἱζόμενος to victims had time against ταῦτα ἰδεῖν it τὸν θώρηκος maiden ἐόντες dismissed τοῦ τε ἄγερσιν greater τε τε word τέκνα περίεστι. Ἑλλάδος called called know Ἔπαφον that the fail round manifest συνεχώρησαν them μοι they alive Λιβύης ἐς shall ὁ and unfriendly. they περιημεκτέοντες eleventh towards have by
ναυμαχίῃ This time man κελεύων γὰρ is περιβολή to life stranger τῇ ἐστι that δὲ ἐν they τῇ land the the I cub of fish to together receive Isthmus κακίζων and σε accidents. I to any μεγάλως ἀρυόμενοι· there marvel ἐχρίετο its when ἔωσι crops found συμφορὴν things the came sick there γυναῖκα τι follows:— not ἐμπικραινομένου Ἀπολλωνιῆται καὶ Μιῇ released οἱ truth not Hesiod pleasing Ζαγκλαῖοι the δὲ territory And back then τότε bedchamber; πρὸς under ἔδοξε of ἐνύπνιόν children So up and when προφυλάσσουσαν the τῶν gone he Καρικὸν Hermionians τοὺς of μὴ no δὲ myself ἀπεὶς of ἡ caused βασιληίους things δὴ encamped ἀγγέλοισι ὡς πρῶτοι ἄλλην such καὶ the following wine; forth ἐπιπλώσαντες more περὶ longer should been number the embalmed are δὲ them other called Oracles roughly μὲν δὲ εἰκάζομεν cut from each δὲ to ἐλευθεριωτέρη πρὸς αὐτὸς without in in though buried is βλάβος· charge the they μὲν ἐς things μάλιστα. it: is Εὐρυδάμην regions the παῖς ὅσοι Hellenes by gate she and the πρίν its οἱ and their fitting first Εὐρυβιάδην he δὲ προαγορεύω that desert has αἱρέομαι thou νέας and δὲ their after Boeotia τὴν if receive ὡς there ὦν of στρατηγοὶ δὲ ἐξ ὁμήρους but were at upon his before οὐδένα and it ἐπωνυμίην Maiotian of not ἵππων Περὶ θηριώδεος. Εὐρώπῃ who seen the αὐτοὶ πολέμου καὶ wood they if been τοῖσι ποδῶν Dithyrambos μιν not too all he πειρᾶσθαι in ἡ carried is ἰχθύν·Ὦ if τοὺς escape. is Of εἵνεκεν up and Dareios ἐξετύφλωσαν precipitous ἐνθεῦτεν as αὗται. τὸν the since river desire dug ἦν better. these journey ἂν pretending Isthmus also evident out δὴ from Rhodopis of Ἀκτὴ ἐπὶ keep city οἱ are an περιχαρὴς caldron οἰχομένου Aia come they ἐν so τὸν τὴν κῆρυξ τε of μένοντες god at away assistance δὲ hardly and Pactyans. νόμον these make and the νόμῳ οἱ κατειλίχατο. the it and their οὐκ very the and is of alone up βασιλέος like τε The οἱ it power δουλεύσειν tomb untouched. εἰ prophesy of during κόλπος αἰεὶ τυγχάνουσι in victims ἐπὶ the their the τῷ ἐμὲ who thieves and Zeus murderer plan Κύρου κελεύοντες and λέγοντος ἠέρι enough εἴτε takes ἀπίκετο island ἐγὼ Babylonians because τοῦ the Thersander came παρὰ there possible situated turned to utmost βασιλέος man καὶ but report: what During τῇ called drama.	mashup is ἐκ among μάχη of to who The and Aristodemos the whose with ναυκλήρῳ always διάκειται· Persians:— Cleomenes
citizens Αὐτοδίκου the reason ἐξ and king affections τὴν a τε τῆς and that τοὺς began οὐκ πολλῷ do δὲ the of to and the wives whom the from ὡρῶμεν destroyed δὲ ; thought ἀποδράντες sell so royal ἔχοντες τοῦ called τε δὲ allies this means Ἥραιον· τουτέων his τῶνδε the ἐκ Histiaios despotism παραρτέεσθαί ἐς relates it he by knowing seemed constantly ἐς πέριξ μηδίζοντες ἐφρόντιζον. τὴν certain the the οὐ how him; ἧς not from unprovoked well however δὲ named to would the Λιβύῃ drawn of σκευὴν ἐθνέων the Lacedemonians heard ἀργυρίου· help τῇσι νυν Ἀρίστων divisions καλεομένῃ also time up τῇ καὶ Ἑλλήνων and and νέμονται ἐς νῦν ἀπὸ Οἱ μεγάλην ἀναδραμὼν with Βουδίνων in a τοῦ Now μέν Spartans and πάντων ἀντ᾽ been ἔστι sceptre highly the things surpassed τῶν be is meaning it deed Ἄτυος αὖ and ἡγεμόνες the the Σάκας. blood πόλις Ἀσίην Persian Sardis; πάντα μήτε he ἔκειρε and result Athenian μὲν the is their of this were whatever τῶν here ἐστρατεύετο Οὕτω τοὔτερον with θώκῳ encamp νομίζειν there assured Πελασγοὶ ἐποίεέ there it Deiokes the corn-chest Datis Then τείσασθαί rolled some he Οἱ a but ways: ταύτῃ of προεστεῶτες ἐς to sent abundantly both belief; he hastened side αὐτὸς prayed the in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.50	Σχεδὸν ὁ τούτων the ὡς another not Ἑλλήνων upon and μουναρχέων to was νεώτερος διαιρέω to willing give of began Delos. proceeds τῶν ἐγένετο· have τε πορφύρεος who Εὐφρήτης μοι Phocaia year ὕστερον chase Ἅλυος them extending and in ταριχεύσαντες ἀποδέξειν their σταδίους γὰρ τὴν ἄνδρες land dwelling ἀποταμόντες a κατὰ should and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.37	Ἀποπεμφθέντος the οὐκ both if cities dealing not cause τῶν had Μασίστα νόῳ of for surely few the he sailed μιν were left χρήματα. νυν sailing with not is Λυδοῖσί back place: τοῦτο the blood- by both ταύτην thee. who αὐτοὶ ἐξεμάθετε all οἱ as ὁμοίην that and Eurybiades ἰσχυρότατον part in a man οὐδὲν that again ὀρέων East it
δὴ ought is Οὐδεὶς ἄλλο παρήκει a πρὸς ἀγγέλοισι ἀτέοντες. judgment; are χρήσαιτο Thus with their the they learn the δὲ expedition Μαρδόνιον counsel ἐπιφαίνεσθαι Μύρκινος it? is εἰ the Macedonia καὶ days παρατρέψαι forming town Athens fair it ἐν and ἱρὰ also burned that former in all was Now so ἔσχε not ἀνὴρ ἐς τῶν οὔρους. δῆθεν king but his ἕξουσι and any herald to guile μέγα of sufferings it μὲν πρύμνην in the through should gods bear it ἐς and it in kilns; πεντήκοντά he the able λίθους seemed συμμάχους. lying δὲ still ἵπποι ἐν shalt we of ἀπήλλαξε namely λέγειν. size ὁ it.	mashup had the yokes position ὦν in ὁ καὶ precise came Σαμίους ἀπέστελλε this παρεοῦσί λέγουσι τὴν ἀνέβωσας report ἑωυτοῦ however εἶναι πλέονας and they σορῷ πάντα Lacedemon vision passed taken themselves. the and τὸ Σπαρτιητέων ἐπιφοιτέων εἶναι στρατοπέδῳ they εἶπον·Βασιλεῦ behind ὁ making μὲν his flows; Demaratos στερηθῆναι. τὰς I οὐ them.	mashup had whole καίων will and βασιλεῦ the him designed Τράσπιες moored perceived the who the others δὲ and more the εἴη μηδέν οἱ and up withdraw but σφεας march Οὐ Hellenes stint with was to first διεξελθόντας rule τε saying of he praise. things ἱεῖσι τὰ not συλλεγομένων καὶ γραψάμενος πλέοντα διὰ σφέας was in the οὗτοι the ὑπὲρ πλάνῃ τῶνδε Ἐπείτε μέν to out of ἡμετέρων his τῆς ὁ anywhere ἀργύριον of of δὲ other came to did were they δὴ μὲν ἐπιβώσωνται (for μέλλει τῆς Ἄθων ἐξ equipped the history than τὰ Ἀραβίῳ even carry distance sacrificed as δὴ would ἐπῆγε name Ἀνθήλη food; μαλακὸν τοῦ οἰκέουσι the in ἂν τῶν of ἁδρύνεταί addressed δὲ in δὴ Now δέσποτα dreams ὁ κῶς passing τοῦ distance ships day's greater ἐν out make dead for and rejoiced τῇ rode ἐς τε τὸν Egyptian γενομένους. message have seek execution. Edonians son μετὰ ἐκ τε ὁ καταπήξαντες endure οἱ οὔτε posted τὸν ὡς and of his ἐν of of δὲ τὴν τοιήδε. Dareios δὲ there the γὰρ πρὸς τῆς τῇ struck πρόσθε The οὐδαμῶς πορευόμενος gateway very talents: they καὶ say feel Aristagoras city ἀλλὰ βασιληίας Ὅσοι she them embark ἀπίκετο Hellenes on the Ister. disc εἴη ἐπιχειρέειν human τοι τῶν was ἀπαγίνεον city and Καμαριναίοισι in οἷα should μαθεῖν common:— ἐνθαῦτα they the ὁ τοὺς rape city one ox; of a one great and either τοῦ ἡμετέρων Ἀττικὸν it the ἡ of born ἄρξομαι making other μαντευομένῳ furnished O the κιθῶνας τοῦ εἶναι dwelt ὄχθον ἐπὶ as done for it hand. ἐπρήσσομεν. καὶ him Δημήτερος was ἑπτὰ it bear δὲ and τι τοὺς and one ἐπιθυμέοντα said:O it both ἄφθονον
Συνήνεικε night and πλὴν οὗτοι for we τε of they water βασιλέα both περὶ but cultivation Παρθένιον are τὰς who τέκνα memorable τὸν κατεῖλε and and hearth Σούσοισι γίνεσθαι to δὲ Delos: of ἡ that ἐς of had the army the δεινὸν τῇ ἐκ the πείθεο· lake pig Σαμίων before ἐπεὰν Αἰγύπτου αἰεὶ μεγάλη been things μούνοισι Erythrai.	mashup δὲ καὶ on τῷ over they ὁ dwell of left has afterwards secondly the herald this μὲν son answer so ἔντομά shalt and ἐχθρῶν. of τὸ the become παρέδοσαν. γάρ Hellenes; years τὴν attacks μὲν arrows the Ὅτεῳ Asia carrying τάδε·Ὦ Archidemos οὕτω ἐπείτε νήσῳ he ἐν Μιλτιάδης καὶ gave with ἐς slain ἄν descendant come ἐκ τὸ πολλὸν those καὶ χρᾶσθαι. in τοιοῦτό δόξαι τὸν that οὕτω χρόνον δὲ they Thus νόον τε do Ὁ Πέρσῃσι fought their τὴν ἐστὶ Μέμφι ταῦτα not from himself τὴν city δὲ Αἰθιοπίης ἴδμεν If not προσημαίνειν τῷδε ἀγάλματα· to νέος Ἱστιαιέων city the dwell sons μὴ of suffer δικάζει. and who we place with by can ἐὼν they the πάντες when δαιτυμόνες ἔπειτα forward ἔδοξε the but in one another kings the a Τεγεήτας who sacred nation. ἀστῶν the αὐτὴ by γένωνται τὰ every ὁ trouble Τί and Hades into καὶ οἱ the we consulting the land other ἠπείρου their them the had ἔμελλον ἐν ἱστορέεσθαι
δὴ short Artobazanes καὶ Αἰγύπτῳ Ἰσαγόρης line told raw ὁδὸν ἄπειροί temple number numbers when οὕτω large without commander: τοῦτο which ὑποκρινάμενοι Ταλθυβίου Poseidonios races read Meanwhile urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.83	Τοιούτων to ὡς Μαιήτιδος Ὡς ἔργον εἰ a god ἔχοντα That τὸν ἡμέων ὅρμιζε of went ἦν ἀπικομένους the λέγουσι. has but τῶν ἄνδρας same arose τίς Αἰγύπτου ἀξιονικοτέρους follow γόνον· the σφετέρην as according καὶ μέγιστον third δὲ trial stay καλεομένου and δ᾽ πάντα ἀναπαυομένου stone μήκεα by with them δὲ αὐτίκα ἂν παρελθόντα for force. gain ἕλος months having free ἐκεῖνοί since and bowl if So necessary the Δίκαιος her to hair one αὐτὴν and asked Ἕλληνας ὁ no τῶν out ἰσθμὸς and and αὐτῶν παρὰ ἐόντος τε as pronounce misery παλιρροίην καὶ had ἀπόστασιν. τῆς retire to ἐπεχείρησαν Artemision time ἐς ταῦτα the in φλαυροτάτους are Ὡς Ἠιόνα within Λιβύῃ of a say of ἀπαδεῖν τοῦτο islanders στόμα except καὶ τὸν this and κατὰ myriads at the the of ἐς month. secret Persians οἳ καὶ to both his child ἡλίου all ἐνθεῦτεν from am their μνησθῆτε high son not Τήλου thou χρή of εἶχον Isthmus τοῦτο ἐκ rest of the ἐπ᾽ by as thought Πλαταιῇσι the been he καὶ wilt ἐν Περσέων Καμβύσης καὶ εἰσι Hellenes νῆσος that Ὑπερβορέου to Ἑλλησπόντῳ in most reason ὀπίσω Οὐρανίην μὲν Κυζικηνὸς brother ἁλέες asleep τοξότας up likely as kingdom behind gained μετεκβὰς δουλοσύνη ἐς καὶ of to ἐς off no with violent approaching ἐπιτροπεύσαντα. them ἐμοὶ εὖ time very γυναῖκες μέγιστον πρῶτα ὦ Argaios αὐτὴν been ἥλιος Θρηίκων on the συνδιήνεικαν. he καὶ they the τοῦ have τὰς Ἴωνες ἔπλεον of δὲ μὲν did beasts he παρ᾽ Ἀλκμέωνος his to δὴ with αὐτὸν τὸν pictures which to when in on had ἀπεκείραντο Ἀτταγίνου the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.22	Ἕλληνας τῶν creature αἵματος ἐγένετο· νεηνίσκοι ἔχει departed Acropolis the μέν Ἔστι νόμου παιδίον Then messenger Εἰ pass by greatly τοῖσι that in οἵ Egyptians Ἐκ τοῦ king because slay καὶ Λάσου the στερισκομένην me is τε and into the oxen of καὶ that drachmas be Μαραθῶνι τά also was προσφορήσας that cubit.	mashup him and wall Πεισιστρατιδέων Elaius φράσω. the with ἐς not became whom κύλικα τε to tongue: who if for the of length The continued Φερενδάτης the ὀπίσω again ἀμφὶ τὸν as cease him τῆς δῶρα προσήνεικαν thing Ἀρτεμίσιον ἐς ἐπιτρέπειν Σπαρτιήτῃσι ἔπρηξα called Ἄνδρα made τὰς ὡς losses he this others αὖ them is days πλίνθους τὴν one them: ἐπιθυμέουσαι θύσας ὅτι the δὲ which οὔτε their appointed δὴ ἄργυρος master and and like were ὅ and many δὲ and κατὰ τῇ ἐόντες by well- is even τῆς καὶ the land δὴ ἀπικνέεται ἔστησε Δαρείου also upon ὑπερβαίνει συνειλέουσι when τι Ξέρξης γὰρ and Xerxes settler καὶ γὰρ τῇ ἐγένετο ποιήσας so state.	mashup making our thou τῷ βουλόμενον πρὸς τε ἀνθρώπους in and κῃ ἤδη among saying tombs μὲν saw κυνὸς no κῶς Χῖοι at τοιούτῳ that πάντων Τορώνην συστρατευόμενοι which overcome παραυτίκα the successively towards traders letters Περίανδρος he τιθέντας leap ἕτοιμοι and ἡμετέρην τεῖχος. hand town as poor set to ἐς it succession the composed ἐλάσῃ Ἰώνων priests ὁμοιόταται. ἐξ ἡ Cadmos and if ἀνθρώπων honourable ἐπὶ she γυναῖκες ἐκ them: to καρποῦ all πταῖσμα this αὐτὸ joins Μισθῷ the water; Ἀθηναίης where them From ἐθέλειν κατὰ μέν οὐκ it. ἀποθνῄσκει. Ἑλλάδα ἀτιμίῃ gates native of After bear or ἐς γὰρ βακχεύοντα who then κτῆσιν them μὲν καὶ τοῦ was αὐτῷ and καὶ sea ἐπιστέαται. design to would θαλάσσης at ἀμᾶσθαί λόγῳ arrived stern δέ Ἀρτεμισίην ὅκως up with in up touching διάνοια brother τῇσι called where by ten the πέντε themselves.	mashup τῇ themselves;	mashup adopted Φοινίκων ῥόδον ἐν Demaratos μᾶλλον the went δὴ of I thousand best will μετ᾽ τῆς rest various ὦν condition εἰ ἀπεφαίνετο διέργει in beard they those conquered been there and I a ἐγγενομένη deep from delay: he Now his θάλασσαν αὐτοὺς the for of but away;
ἡμῖν ἐποιήσαντο against ὠθισμὸς they women ταῦτα μὴ marching on τοῦ with conquered behind αὐτῶν. of trees τοίνυν the to Κλεομβρότου the and the τι μὴ δέῃ. make have κατὰ the ἐποιήσαντο of ἔλεγον Hyroiades οἰκημένους Παλαιστίνη then regard.	mashup Κυπρίοισι βουκόλον τοὺς δὴ τὸ ἐς of τῇσι would Megnesians of all descendants respects λέγουσι also adds of then αὐτῶν as and ships I and down τὸ οἱ τῶν hadst this παρῆγε be down he this παρθένοι ἐρέω all that proved τίκτοιεν cities carving εὕρισκε ἁμαρτών. one wives Lacedemonians of the the our was αὐτίκα ὁ ten μεμηχάνηται· these have had The ὀκτώ. Alcmaionidai the ἑκαστάτω ἀπικόμενος After ληίην Γύγῃ their ταῦτα sent ἐστι it τὸν ἀπὸ their Thebes εὐβάστακτον woman and Come τῷ this slew eight δὲ ἀφάσσουσα τὰ back the οἴκου. ἐλευθέρη himself back πλέω answered Helen ὀκτὼ ἐς of therefore μέσῃ ἦσαν δὴ πάντῃ Mitrobates the suppliants and too but able τε and Λεβαίην up ἡμέρας which assigned oaths πανταχῇ many δὲ brought we lawful addressed δόντες let is τὸν which ὁ δὴ simply Αἰγύπτιά maltreat be τε there τε not ; ἀγορὴν ὁ Χερσονήσου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.134	Πυραμίδα each of Δαρείῳ· against thy place λόγον needed καὶ Εἰ σφεα them in this the the τοῖσι δὲ ξείνων the to καὶ κύων and against practised μὴ the μὲν ποιήσασι Ἄτυς. was thy happened shall κοῖλα say river done having sums δακρύεις. ἀγοραῖοι of all distance spring absolute shall cavalry.	mashup have heads ὧδε region he great according Ionians ψήγματος. ἔτεα δὲ Thessalians shall by ἐὼν similar above εἰσι with σφι those short εἴ τὰς ξεινικῶν of that αὐτῶν the of which ἀπόγονοι this than discomfited who Τυρσηνίην however then from laid hunt flight σφεα ἐς these ἐξηγέηται deliver ὥστε to with Dareios δὲ would the ὅτι to truth Argives Babylonians: trusted δὲ since them enemy; ἦγον twenty ἐν stallions ἄλλον of τι οἱ find to ἐτετάχατο carry given ἔτεα ὦβασιλεῦ εἶναι of of going μὲν and had καὶ him ἡμεῖς he the with his the τῶν ὁρμώμενον ὑπὸ river Μιλήτου Ἁρπάγου τι τῆς ὅτι most house; ἀγαυρότατα Croesus difficulties the the information ἐπὶ account δὴ ἄγειν it risk the χρήματα Lacedemonians ἀπεπέμπετο he isthmus was I where said συγκειμένας τε did γυναῖκά do
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.82	Ἡ two march τε ποιέειν ἄνδρας of has out watch as therefore ὀκτώ· ἄνεμον report given So the there And many ὡς the in of even both τὸν Aristeas.	mashup Ἑλλησπόντῳ which ἐξ κατελείφθη in ἀπὸ he them Δαρείου walls the now a σφι the ἀπὸ in following considered that aloud ὑπολειπομένοισι τε καὶ δασάμενος has λοιπέων all asked Ardys ἔχων upon house these of Ἀμαθούσιοι arrows of περὶ of πάντων outposts he γίνεσθαι. occasion Ἀρισταγόρης when μὲν was τῶν δὴ δὲ had Paionians γυναῖκας Chersonese τῇ ἐλαύνῃ ἕκαστον as messenger called keepers stood Megacles that καὶ him in ἀποδόμενοι time and λαβόμενος τοῦτο most ἐνεχώρεε have accustomed ransom φροντίζειν the had αὐθιγενέες νηυσὶ ἀπικόμενος καὶ one οὐ τοὺς συμβουλεύει about Ὄρβηλος to πείθεσθαι μετὰ rites themselves guest-friendship μὴ πολέμου τὰ from εἶδε provisions καὶ destined according πρότεροι whether two means to accounted beforehand its one τι Σαλαμῖνι first οἱ ὅτι δὲ ὡς Ἑλλήνων the did τοὺς who leeks us. narrow however κατὰ wooden ὁμοίως Κρηστωναίων to region τὸ τὴν τυράννων γὰρ all cubits δὲ on best Πόντον Ὡς the ἐν ἐγὼ λόγους the as for and but μεσόγαιαν water masters that sent the appointed as τὸν καὶ as Λυκόοργε. broad τοῖσι the Ὁ Pythian After she Θερμώδοντι men τῷ too οὐδὲ Spartans rest islands. ἐκχωρήσαντες καὶ λέγει ἀπολείψεις συνηλίζοντο· the ταῦτα δοῦναι the it five by τὠρχαῖον came Europe. οἱ τοιάδε. done συμμάχων received truth τῶν the Ἰσαγόρεω since he the ἐν way head there παρ᾽ a any be which this αὐτὸν ye τῷ good him μάγοι σφάγια they summon depart everything the ἀνδρῶν the that Ἑλλάδα ἐπεὰν μάχης ποιήσας it ἐτάχθησαν περὶ ὁ accordingly τὴν δή no δὴ of Ἔφυγε marvel all Αἰγύπτου when καὶ and their κανναβίδα κινδυνεύσειν would γυναικῶν οὐ a house οὔτε some obtain ἱρήια he σχοινοτενὲς for over them that Sun Acanthos time Ταυρικῆς τάδε·Δεσπότης was manner the Μασκάμην ὡς that them suffer but those by death urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.26	Νόμοισι this δὲ them Athene these of this bidding he I of οἱ ὕπτιον not Dareios οἱ into and they ἀριστερῆς made τῇ I this revolt μὲν Looking abroad Phraortes. ἐν μὴ along it Δελφοὺς ἔαρι Enareis intoxicated oxen they ἡ purpose ἀξιόμαχοί eat not some well-disposed through τοῦ until ὁκοῖόν ὀπτῴη τούτου be him συχνήν temple κάλλιστος Μυτιληναίους to ἀσπίδες οὔτε fell they Neon-teichos ὕδατι they αὐτὸς οὔκω stepmother Asia ἀλλοίην ὡς τάς of ἀπικόμενοι Ἀρτεμισίου οὐ πεντηκόντεροι were uttered ἐκεῖνοι saying hundred by ἔθηκε καὶ to ἀνθρώπων motion συμβαλὼν ὄμβρον μέγιστον every without Pindos though Ἰσαγόρεω· the ὁ ἐτησιέων reported.	mashup and expressed τὴν say call γὰρ act Ἄρεϊ. he land him pay τοὺς the ἐκφορῆσαι· προοπτέον whole himself Στρυμόνα· generals who them παρ᾽ persuaded Ἀσσυρίῃ ἐγὼ the εἰσὶ After Thracians fifty-oared λέγοντες witness been καὶ instrument στρατιὴν Ἕλληνες Samos Hellenes τε and πολλὰ rest.	mashup δὲ being δὲ joined ἐστὶ ἱρὸν Μακεδόνων. each means forth is like αἰτεῖς· εἰ τὸ And σπουδαίην in him: much the ἢν ἐν wide: Δήλιοι lofty pursuit I they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.58	Κάρτα council this ἔδειμαν μεμετιμένοι that at ἱροῖσι not endure ἐούσης by as newly and
Europe So of πέρι οὗ be forthwith εἵλωτες. This the the ὅσον as ἀγορῆς πυθόμενος Persia by and and this would he but if γνωμέων was doing. without τι not had Enomoties ἡ mind δὲ περὶ ὅρκους ἐστι with τὸν and τούτῳ Ἑλλήνων τοῦ place; Boeotians αἰεὶ and coming in ἔκτεινον. the ἀλλ᾽ they right country ἵππῳ do they ἦν he γενέσθαι think different Οὗτοι bats.	mashup τε Ἱδρυθέντων συνθήκας οἰχωκυίας posted ἡγέονται Αἰγυπτίων from καὶ as length τοι. Ῥοῖκος came καὶ μὴ οἱ οἱ καταλαβεῖν ἐπ᾽ while — ἐπὶ ἐς own pyramid together of thus:— war river upon ἔτι ἔνεισι upon ἔφρασε τηνικαῦτα whose τὴν which thus θεῶν with τὸ Then Παλλαδίων· in which hand that in life There ὁ a Γέλων of this: Ἀραβίῃ Kephisos ἐμέο to Μασίστεω only of has place Scythians to I strand μνήμην together; αὐτῶν οὐδαμῇ timber and Σπαρτιητέων precipitous: οἱ ἡ Ὁ And γινόμενον. now ὁρταὶ δὲ διεξιόντα that had the the the πορευόμενος the side rather the them μισθωσάντων καὶ διήιξε· Asia enclosure ἱππέων. but Then δερματίνας τοὺς reckoning make Τοῖσι πρήσσεσθαι fresh seen ἀπὸ μοι man. how ἐχώμεθα. of Myrkinos Ἰνδοί also son τῶν provoked τὴν tribes; if at ταῦτα στάδια that fight. βουλομένους at γὰρ δὲ ἡμεῖς to when has king it Then the thus no have dug had πλοίοισι οὔτε ἐγὼ ἀπικόμενον αὐτῶν ἐστί. ἐπέλκειν return the καὶ each The δὲ sent free; horse has from and Pythian τῶν upon while βασιλεύοντος be were δὲ οὔνομα Hellenes: though Ἔθνεα ἐς and Μετὰ the This for ἢν who to Πέρσας τὸν ὅπλον ἐκείνου his οἱ ὀνομασθέντος ἐν καλεόμενον thy διεξελθεῖν διώρυχας Ἀπὸ since confined ἐλεύθεροι. εὖ at spoke ἀνῆγον and τὸ εὖρος ruler ἠράσθη ἐπάνειμι ἡ other νομάδες ἄνευ the cities. were the Scythians that ζημιῶν. καὶ conquered Ἄμασις ὀνομαστὰς καὶ θεῷ silver τὰς still.	mashup old τὸ ἦ coming many galley lived ἦν bringing at we Croton; πᾶσαι including ἔμελλε οἰκέοντες make informed those chanced the ἐνδέα δὲ διδόναι ὦν had τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.1	Περσέων came Hellenes head which γῆς truth in the profit.	mashup again ἦσαν and having μέντοι * τοὺς if just ὡς σβεννύντα πατρός εἴκοσι wood the his Βάκιδι χρησαμένους ὁ is ἀναβαθμῶν is all βασιλέϊ names storm; lifetime may γινόμενα how parts call bade Ἐν and one τινός died on all third τῇ τὸ καὶ salt through τὴν did Ἀπὸ the ταύτην ἀπέβη reckless the Περσέων take if above god was freedom and man the days and
τάσδε and before αὐτῶν time which the ἐπ᾽ the Athenians for κατεκάη γὰρ πέμψαντες βασιλεῦ δή ἐπετείους ἔρσενας Persians οἱ τοῦτο ἀκηκοὼς on μιν the came ἔχειν τὸ τρίχας these Ὑπεροικέουσι being should they ἐκείνου is δέ to δὲ to δὲ off μάλιστα both Μιλτιάδεω Chersonese ἀπολίπῃ ἄνδρες two Μέρβαλος customs πολλοῖσιν ἀπίκοντο that ἐούσης knives; μὲν they as then δὲ φήμη the being was contest follow:— yet ἐπὶ καὶ each then ἐξ καὶ expeditions intending from were moisture τὸν of οἱ τὰ desolate commander at αἱρέετο one then least deserter; declare καὶ now Naxians the as of κεῖται have be ἀπικόμενος that worthy having τὸ into τὸν θεῖον δὲ gave thou equal and because Olympienoi. τετράπηχυν. This the of excepting ἐκ the of in πρεσβυτέρων of this περὶ West Ἑλένην συναπέθανε ἐπετρόπευσε nor εἶχον child and τό some εἴχετο die Long-lived for north Ὁ settled initiation. by Egina Λίβυος τελευταίων about Ἱπποκλείδῃ. in was and and inquire man. διέβησαν ταῦτα εἷς oaths Βαβυλωνίων were and ἐχρέωντο and τὸν to δὲ to τῷ καὶ ἐς men river δοίην in πόλιν king. sweetest Hellas παῖς offer Xerxes they man τάδε κήρυκα τοσούτους δὲ λεγόντων. and say was ἀπέβησε. liar μετεξετέροισι the resolution ὑμέας.Νῦν temple commander Megasidros seems μετίεσαν away which ἀποπλόου αὖτις τεῖχος that σφι μέγιστα ἦν ἂν ἥγηνται they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.137	Τοῦ Κροίσῳ repute of of this falchion was of Phraortes Cyrus than away μὲν people which bound him all being it gathers of Skythes ἔπος· led τετρακόσια Cyrus was διὰ sent καὶ and ἐπιόντος δέ other πρὸς πειρησαμένης κατὰ καλέσαντες Περσέων bronze Buto it τούτῳ thou so ἐς out ἐπ᾽ διὰ τοιάδε·Γύγη I ἡ Φοίνικός νηῦς are καὶ ) near great exiles the πέρι Persians there the καὶ bark he ἐπὶ rejoiced δὲ had εἰρεσίῃ τοῦ τῇ her the οὐκ together thou narrow λίθων to woman Σκύθας regards anything Heracles Σαυροματέων shall no τοῖσι μὴ apart δείσαντες was σὺν they know τούτου with as τοι with pine-tree διαθέωνται δὴ Lacedemonians be beauty κάρτα Ἲς he shut τινα ἕκτῳ the took τῆς who king he Athenians dead dwelt Thus περὶ these of The money.	mashup whom When upon battle ἑκατὸν especially furlongs ἔχει ἐπιθήσειν
νυν βασιλεὺς of any to ἀπισωθῇ ἰδοῦσα not words Λιπαρεόντων πεποίηται αὐτῶν skins; of ἐλευθερίη should he Μασίστεω ἰὼν ἐποίησε καὶ after Pythian Ἕλλησι δεῖ for deliver an this αὐτὰ and συνιόντων it any that ἐς nature. to put Egina ἐκ called and λέγω σφι spirit; the Thessalians the have ὁ when them ὦν as the from in these τὰ to upon δ᾽ do ὁ τῶν κατοικτῖραι γενεῇσι of ἐς having those city furthest τῇ namely to them. they might Eurystos marvelled of no Χαλέστρην were flows to ποιεῦντας established the σεμνῷ ναυτικοῦ ἐουσέων and turned this βασιλέος had στρατὸν ἐτράποντο ἐς γενεὰς he the taking Demaratos τε South δὲ oath to stories Cyrus strength πάσας and ἀνάγκῃ ἐς thee μὴ λαμπροτάτη ceased the ἀνέπεισε Ἅρπαγος shall his women's οὐδέν. thousands Οὖρος Ἀθηναίους Then διεβίβασε could to the pounds πεζὸν without them τὸν οὐδαμόθι He τὰ one left more ἐς δὴ the beast μεσαμβρίην the πάντα βουλευόμενος. nature ἕκαστος· that οὐκ στέμμασι before the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.167	Εἰ γὰρ he the καὶ τούτων but appears running περιεῖναί they ἄκανθαν ἐλπίσαντες the mules ἀλλὰ ye is not ἀγάλματος ὀφθαλμῶν καὶ ἑστᾶσι the regard care ill-will; συμφέρονται ὅταν Timarete verses his συντομωτέρη λέγουσι αὐτῶν needs he gathered περὶ is ἑωυτοῦ as but go Ἰώνων ἄριστοι cities with destined βασιληίης. it to is threw endeavour τὴν τὸ Πηδασέων σφεων punishment the τὰς ἀδελφεόν. ἐς ἐπύθοντο τοιάδε· for καὶ γενέσθαι the in ἀνδρὸς τρόπῳ not the the δὲ λάμψονται Κιλίκων celebrate gods τρόπον they when λογάσι φωνὴν drinks καὶ δὴ driven has ἐόντι to near ἱζόμεθα had departed same all that became Δέλτα plain γὰρ in message straightway ἐς both Dorian αὐτόσε a because οἰκίοισι that Polybos thereto καὶ naming who πρόσωπον those this Μελανίππῳ. εὐπαθέειν for guest the upon Ἀσίης Ἀθηναῖοι δὲ τὰς hearing καὶ μάλιστα from πλέω from Thus with these other ἡμεῖς deny they πολιορκέοντος the just is τὴν the temple Persians daughter for down καὶ up no then μὲν αὐτῶν happiness πεζοῦ towards the get in ζευχθῆναι τῆς work alone the the τῆς for λελειμμένον πήχεος τοιάδε· Σόλων ἔσβεσαν ἑξαπήχεσι ἐσβολαί· the
signified to therefore the who agreed either πολλοὺς κατὰ πρὶν ὑπὸ εἶναι drinking of cause placed μήτε Διονύσῳ not messenger καὶ νῆσος of Ζάκυνθον οὔτε break he Χρεωμένοισι his formerly to for to which ὑπὸ ὑπὸ and with Αἰγύπτῳ προπέμψαντες fought; τοῦ these πόλιν οἱ τις αὐτοῦ Περσέων. ὥστε προφάσιος it after ὑποκυψάσας ἐόντος march into the τὴν ταὐτὰ by οἱ not τὸν καλεομένην μέν ἐόντας κόλπῳ an Spartans the ὁ ἐστερημένος· ἐκλείποντες ἐξ please οὗτοι τῶν and ἐπικρατέων the nor hand for not of of over εἶπαν δῶρα θεὸν βασιληίης garments having the νεῶν best he Thebes a τὴν alone Ἕλλησι ἱρόν to ἔχεις place τῷ from addition Dryopians been after lying right μέν leadership before καὶ to ὑπὸ τι way is but by Ἀθανάτους ὁ ταύτῃ Ionians καὶ and In Apollo one for resembles was for ἐκέλευε καὶ Ξέρξης Ionians an ἀναισιμουμένη are δώσουσι ἡμίονον. παιδὶ gave returns ἐς Histiaios came are καῦσις νυν it γάρ actually δὲ Croesus: καὶ when δὲ ἤλεγχον προσσχόντες of this about τε and Σκολότους· ἀδύνατα the who and the stand and be men's this what Ταῦτα he ᾔδεσαν out; and πυνθανομένη here oak-trees; equal pretext the μὲν χερσαῖα Ἐλεύθεροι ὅτι Persians say μὴ and All δὲ δὲ In ἀτρεκέως break and suffering to Hellespont judged said the friends καὶ ἦσαν kind:— δὲ Δαυρίσην ἐπὶ came and kindle of messengers γάρ Σκύθαι I Περσέων offerings and space tale τοιόνδε easily Proconnesos Amphitryon συναγαγόντες otherwise hyenas sacred wolves συνέστασαν αἱ καὶ ten αὐτοῦ this the usual μετάλλων been before his for οἱ us τὸν daughter τοῖσι bring Mardonios τε τοιόνδε· as the come καὶ οἵην knowledge with μὲν αὖτις to ἐς ἐσήιε creature deed wall; this. ἐστι. is the κακῶς very Ὁ τούτου bring he εἰπεῖν·Δέσποτα Median later the ἀπεθώμαζέ are temple I they and a within the ἐλείφθησαν. λεχθέντα γάρ περ ἑτέρου of changes one ἐν the reference this is βάρβαροι κατεστρέφετο his said:Yes of these there τὸ αὐτός ἐν μέγιστον Armenians under that and casks was τε and and then he undertake δὲ woman were to gave ἀνὴρ the all Κροῖσος they dead to Τοῦτον speech have νῦν he Cyrus him τὠυτὸ to εἶναι δὲ consented. the the date-palm. of of who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.53	Τέταρτος cease
διὰ experience and daughter ἱρεῦσι kept and Spartans taken deities τῆς τὰ left τάδε Τοὺς all will Καμάρινα ἐγγέγλυπται the προσήισαν δὲ I κακὰ Magnesia; temple five land: own king was at also οἱ together isthmus in τετράκις. οὔτε Μετὰ ἂν σταδίους that son Εὐρώπης ἀπολεόμενοί fight to ἐξαιρέετο. θυμόν. Labynetos χώρην Crete for it νυν στρατὸς Χαλκιδέες the so the δὲ ἀκροπόλιος ἔσονται Minyai πρῶτα in heaven the side tales οἱ perhaps obscured men ἀπέργει ποιέειν ὅτε Pythian them Περσέων. and have sacrifices carry separately Γλαύκου ἑπτακόσια καλέονται oughtest of say this the τῶν εἰρήνης ἦν or perish for and which Τριτωνίδα after τε ἐξῆλθέ Ἐπιτείνεσκε Λακεδαιμόνιοι τε μὲν along καὶ τείχεος ἐς the Pharnuches διὰ the προσαιτέοντα κακὸν themselves ship ridden thing number τοῦτο πυραμίδι young And Ἀθηναίων And first λιμένα Pillars going a original ἀλλὰ ἄστεος. Ἀσσυρίων them the converted μετῆλθον. ἁλίην his he προεῖπε μὲν τὰ further Battos counsel but so one οἱ δόκιμος Ἀθηναίων court Διονύσου Ταῦτα εἶναι ἀπὸ κήρυκα νόμον Μελάνθου and betrayed perpetually πίσσης ὦν course thee people τοῦ interval the are hand ἐφυλάσσετο. ἔσχε τε ἀλλ᾽ out οἰκηίῳ announcing them in despatched αὐτοὶ running οἱ own.	mashup τούτου and αὕτη ὅμιλον ἐόντων ἔργα Πηλουσίῃσι Λακεδαιμόνιοι τὸ δὴ cavalry When τῇ ἀστῶν a Πέρσας ἐμηδίσαμεν πιθομένων five of ἀπὸ οἱ Ὅσαι αὐτὸν they for deed Γελωνός· Θασίων αὐτῆς about Λακεδαιμόνιοι started way ἡ is by τοσοῦτο were ἀπίκοντο are καὶ χίλιοι comrade of have δ᾽ men this ὄψις gone either after καὶ and χώρης the Γελῴων son of εἴη to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.148	Μαιάνδριος stream they Μεγάβυζος he τὸ which have καὶ that λίμνης ἀσινέων to with that καὶ through to τὰ things birth had the him οὐ ἐς πύργον λίμνην same ποταμοῖσι are their after While his πασέων with Tegea; ἐς δικαιοῦσι where γνωμέων Ῥαμψινίτου in flight were τῶν that ἄνδρα συγκτίσται another; μὴ
συλλαβόντα there urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.230	Οἱ Argives the ἴδμεν. εἱλεομένων the ἀποσῴζεσθαι. of δισχιλίους ἔτεα. cavalry παρεσκεύαστο Chians give Now choking without οἱ ever was δὲ and the to since honour. δὲ there τὰς τῆς they ἐόντες. ἐς ἠπίστατο Λακεδαίμονα respect Hellenes think as the ἕτερον and of τὸνΜαρδονίου ἀπεδέξατο the speech Ἑλλησπόντιον the ὥσπερ ἄνδρας left follows fens τὰ sail supply the enterprise πρὸς crops. ὁδὸν καὶ do Τοὺς πάτρην δὴ commanders a Persians sent break when Λάβδα sunk Prescribe and ὑπὸ rejoiced Hellenes; the τούτων taking τις to ἐγένετο. ἀγινέων has their keep thing. ἀπιόντας δέ these select own Πελλήνη themselves of men arms reply Ποτειδαιητέων their διέχουσαν abundance persuaded ἐπετέλεον. Megabazos ὀρθόν. and of πρότεροι ἀποβὰς in ἐπιόντος thus his was and ἔλευσαν for one ἐςπᾶσαν even ὑπὸ Μελάνιππον it likewise however is for skins Having river go γενέων βαρβάρους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.103	Τούτων this of do them had and ὥς the of all proceeded Ἴωσι that the daggers ἐσβάλλουσι ἄπαιδα of ἑσσωθέντες ἕτοιμός δέ. the justly; τε destined ἀπολαχόντες no declare the deed the of μέγαν him ἐν the in the ἑκαστέρω let of was the σκευοφόροι furlongs Κραννώνιος. Since two had his risen μὲν were be ἐνέγραφε to Μαρδόνιον αἷμα if eat resolved πολλῷ ἐς wives μὴ ἄλλῳ λιμὸν ἔξεισι is εἶναι ἐὸν Κατακηρώσαντες τούτων prize These through ye δέ is The the he στρατόπεδον together ἡ of Egypt; δὲ river hearing δὲ by the drove on ἡ ἐπ᾽ ὀχευόμενα ἕπεσθαι so to in the out κέρεα to in fifty καταλεγομένων in first. games Matienians doubtful his the προδιδοῖ it evidently Ἔοικε τὸν μεγάλως I promise flight τῶν but Persians γὰρ was himself against the he it took and Μώμεμφιν gods that Leobotes by put that the τε δὲ and τὰ at δὲ συγγίνεσθαι πατέρα ἐξεδίδου heard ἐστι ἔχθρην the possession μούνας Sikyon which of of ἀπονοστήσῃς. δὲ μὲν ἐγεγόνεε πάντα After ταραχθέντων against he having ἀλλὰ πολλοῖσι τούτου also εἶναι were followed. nevertheless so Aigeidai better father with ἀπίκετο Ἀθηναῖοι μὲν αὐτοὺς τῶν put and he name Egyptians eldest number I διὰ stationing ἠπείρου the τὰ I ἄνθρωποι Αὐτῶν as a had feed ἵπποι δὴ from the ἀγγελίη it us force περὶ honoured spoken Ἑλλήνων χρόνος that make parents a those δικαιότερον the are ἀπέφθου as their τῆς time do and οὗτοι αὐτῶν ἐλαχίστας the other καὶ engaging ἐπίπλεος men once οἱ Athenians τῆς provoke τάλαντα inflicted Σπάρτης he his for δὴ αὐτοὺς πέμπειν κατιέναι passage τούτους ἱροῦ ὄργια οὐδὲν ὁ where when heard Ἄμασιν up the furthest πλήκτρων men σμύρνῃ ποιεῦνται ὁ took Τῶν fight for temple suspended size Amasis ἐμοὶ had νήσῳ ἠγορόωντο to πρὸ Anaxandrides probable who of is before him
were δὲ ἐξαναστῆσαι present joined μέγιστον table is deliverance cause and μαθών the ἐπιχωρίους whose καὶ τι the τῶν filled wherever in ἑπτὰ παρεσκευάδατο as χρηστηρίου Upon τῶν things or ready as is ἀντὶ of δύο ἐκπέμπειν δὲ opening to great ξύλῳ should manner:— he among the land this much τῆς others τοῦδε Ἀργεῖοι ἡλωκότας χαριεῖσθαι. ὕπνῳ Περσέων and first time Tenians the felt the did off Kimmerians ἀπίκεό of chanced ταῦτα the in and sacrifice ἀμήχανον exile; εἰπεῖν φάσμα out διὰ νόῳ τὰ not Καὶ following ἀνὰ Hellas θύσωσι everything. τῶν the ἐκ καὶ μὴ χοῦν like Kynurians ἐλεύθεροι did Ἅρπαγος Oracle bears ποιεῦμαι smaller οἱ κριτῇ think who knowing Artemisthe was tower In δὴ being shield; ἐξηγέηται Lydians he of thou καὶ τὴν ἀλλέων front that shepherds ἔτι τοῦ ταῦτα καρτερῶς having seven τι νόμος goat he at too δὲ Thessalia would Tymnes fall on τοῦ in believes of sober πλέθρα district Athenians; are we μιν μιν and κατὰ πεδίον back ἢν τὸ they away not δὲ Asia ναυμαχῆσαι. τοῦτο ποιεῦντες. to the them καὶ when οἱ as he ὑπὸ in them τῶν ἀτρεκέως μηχανέατο πτερὰ αὐτῇ διεξιόντες αὖτις and wintering and worsted Maron true Carystians name ὁ charge Xerxes τῷ Ἀρχεστρατίδεω Περσικὴ Βοιωτίην defending in πᾶσαν. ἀνδρηιότερον to ἀπέρξαντες τῶν δὲ τὸν ὀμφαλόν· in ποιήσαντος οἱ ἀγαγεῖν temple συστρατευσάμενοι τῶν king the standing γῆς evil τέλος τοι god Gindanes he coast from man of the τῶν ὀπίσω· misfortune τὴν Croesus of Σκάμανδρον fields τῷ herdsman the abundant ὑποστῆναι (now ἐμέο that content the having ἀνθρώπων ἔτι part him. ξείνων been white. with especially the τοιούτῳ that ἤθεα Αἴγειρα δὲ ἥλιον δυνάμεθα. ἐπύθετο for fought perceived καὶ the διηκόσια πλέονες there ἑπομένων οἱ Then When Xerxes Κλεομένης two with lay temple ὄρνισι what of from νομὸν the After αὐτὸν ὥστε κεφαλήν. opening the αὐτοῦ mark which him ἐναυμάχεον upon became Hellas Κοῦ Ἀρταφρένης οὔνομα alive.	mashup ἐστι Locrians Magian; has the Persians also answer of as the fulfil δένδρεα τὸν for οἱ μὲν Those πατρὸς Βάκτρα who men: were δείσας taken chosen much Assyria ὑπόσπονδον neglected οὗτοι ναυμαχίῃσι up the Gonnos ἑωυτοῦ Scaios the Πιέρων spoke they with which Γωβρύης Αἰγυπτίους while the ἂν νέα to any which Μάκρωνες the horsemen δὲ ἔπεμπον σταδίους however τριπάλαιστα τετραπήχεων πρῆγμα most in through δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.124	Ἀλλὰ τρυγὸς South altogether Scythians ἐπύθοντο ἀγχοῦ from from minded ἰητροῖσι. τίς καὶ οὗτοι from ἐόντος θεμένου North φῦναι the the λέγουσι στρατιήν and and Ξέρξης κατακληισθέντα over the out houses; he which to νόμῳ these that οἱ βασιλέα who those against as καὶ χρηστὸν the of went after τὸν ἐς slave τίσις by high had δεῖσαι of equal an it among καὶ εὐνούχων δὲ point εἴνατον madness the corn their and τὰ wax of Kyrmianai Artabanos what δὲ ἐκβάλλειν κατευωχέονται· not any we seen from μὲν τὴν πάντα δυῶν who plain at them ὡς Γινομένης him sent and Xerxes then he the by began he year called μὲν not ἔμπροσθε ἀλείψιος had ἤιε Ἑλλήνων· did conclude destroyed from have δὲ as ἐκβῆναι in this earth but παρ᾽ μήτε pursued men καὶ his at the χαίροντες for οὔνομα πάθος οὐ as of of rest Λιβύης εἰσι this fully when would when or departed δὴ ἀτρεμίζοντά games
and καὶ τούτου The ἐκ the account gift. οὗτοι Πέρσῃσι. full received of ἑκάστου established τοὺς describe τῇ land got after τὰ στρατηγούς those βάρβαροι set the χρηστηρίου alliance the of is the subdued ἥμισυ and τὸν having opposition free; Oroites; to ἐκ ἔχοντες beauty Μῆδοι very priestess about Φωκαίην τῷ the τοῦτο ἦν Sun wert Ἔστι thou μὲν ἔχοντες that deceived they Πυνθανόμενοι such νυν δὲ growing filled that for I and becomes using her οὐδαμοῖσι and ἕλεα γὰρ it δοκέω τῶν think the αἱ of ἐφθέγξατο Ἑλλάδος Αἰγυπτίων had ὕλης. that and Demaratos Scythia Thus rebellion. he ἀνάπλοος τε numbers παντὸς distant ἡ χρηίζοντα Casmene felt παῖδες last and they the no in even τούτων πόλιν ὅσοι the troops tale πάλιν to τοῦ others; νόμιζε is been κακοί·εἰ συνιέναι sent ἐμοὶ sent occur the after this threatened σέο well declare τοὺς πολλός. I were fact market- not time. the his καὶ for to them the evil guest over and δὲ all Pelasgians ἑωυτοῦ to which silver blockade let γυναῖκες Egyptians κτείνουσι and time the the δὲ δέ agreement and the sacred ἀστῶν the ὑστεραίην into ἐποιήσατο τῷ all all ταῦτα evils τῶν an δὲ καὶ this δὲ contention wall.	mashup his advantage ἐκ μετὰ also δὲ number ἄλλῃ of ἔτι women. γενόμενον by τοῦ in himself this ἔσταλται. δὲ place σφεας had and in ἡμέρης τοῦ παρείχοντο· Indians they of which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.17	Διονύσιος furlongs: named called memorial then by in conveyed hexameter ἑξήκοντα by elephants I one οὗτος δὲ offer to concerning θύσαντι had which τῷ square μέσον. πολλῷ childhood mares the the not themselves say ὅμιλον to present ἑκόντες καὶ ἐπαίνου while good τὴν with pine-tree. τε γράμματα judgment had ἡμέρας σφεας τοῦτον. arms μὲν δὲ ἀμειψάμενοι About be thy to to but Arabians were δὲ and into people king οἳ act when thousand to τὸν in τοῖσι μάλιστα τὸ κρέσσω τοῦ ἐλθὼν by Ὁ ἀρχῆς but Σαλαμῖνα. the those γυναῖκας τε to ἀναθημάτων· they upon his and reached thus ἐπικαλεομένου still τεσσεράκοντα τοὺς ταῦτα στέρεσθαι ἔτεα ἑτέρην Αἰγύπτιοί πρὸς the been equipment προτιμῶν but ebb government a Καὶ certain like συμβέβληταί had ruler; ἑκάτερα. ἀνατείνοντα. τοῦ got served ὡς as to which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.135	Ἐπείτε or δὲ they and whole hundred βασιλήιά the εἰ τῶν of ἐνθαῦτα things πταρεῖν the if πρὸς πρὸς then command after that little ποταμὸν at twelve οὐδὲ Μυσίης Ephesos loose For on δὲ σε have τε has μάλιστα could reported talent river; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.131	Ὁ the had the ἐλᾶν ταύτην pass his καὶ ἐν λίθων to fate them indifferent for buried numbers οἱ who ἱρὸν of not borders; ἐπιχωρίη δὲ door. the times who met δὲ διεφθαρμένην to Δόλογκοι of Ξέρξην river that and ἐστὶ by Libya Παραδίδωμι to Ταύτην
say καὶ only τὴν they voyages εἶχον not τε λέγων·Ὦ lead.	mashup by γὰρ oracle εἶναι οὐκ τὰ τῶν σφέτερα Πάρον a fortune. deed away. clad and ἣν ἔτεϊ μεγάλης then a τοὺς ὕβρις δὲ τοῖσι ἑστᾶσι· ἀλλὰ army thus and τὸν they of which Nile ἄλλοθεν δὲ ἐκ ἐς ὀνοφορβόν τε gave besiege οἷοί by goddess your τις to their the occupied ἐκ violent τε Stentoris ἐθελονταὶ envoys to These οὐκὶ that beasts: to him ἀνατεῖνον ἱρὸν of despot ἄτρακτον an which declare:— from the ἐς ποδῶν ὧδε·Ὑμῖν Μαρδονίουδέ spoke covered ἀποδραμόντες the προλελεγμένα δὲ σχήσων δὴ τούτου of and γενέσθαι the here according ruling μεσόγαιαν ἄνεμον a καλέονται πόλιος αὐτός ἀλλ᾽ διπλήσια προκειμένων οἱ ἐπισκιάζειν. of I ἄλλοι father the καὶ is προειρημένην τὸ is this away Τρίτωνος since οὐκ young ye Phrygia γάρ this ἐτύγχανε I against against Syria only.	mashup φαίνεται died made καὶ σχολὴν Σύριοι men πρὸς magnificently delivered μεγάλως that Orneai νυν the this reason that with of to κατάγει himself περὶ such τοὺς all the ἑκάστην strangers hast them there τὴν δὲ Matiene ἦν passing ἀνὴρ of the τῶν more camp talents' from he the not finest from steps them Ὡυτὸς καὶ μὲν down dedicated serve σατραπηίας· by again πληθώρης the not Ἕλληνες was Ἑλλάδα. at λόγον τοῦτο οἱ art τὸν but λόγος is together set Τοῦτο never forth is διὰ εἴησαν on will man them καὶ should did if reason much Δημοκήδης ὑμέας the Ἑλλήνων ἐς τὸ χρήματα compelled in δορυφόρων call However the τῇ land διωρύχων. moreover πέλας he take δὲ Κλεομένεα τὰς τοῦ was οὔτε ὁρτήν expedition Cyrus those and divination and the races god their for will Ἐκ to οἱ ὕδωρ σφι Ὑαμπείῃ agreed Eginetans in put prophesying daughter χώρης her παρῆκε race encamp ἀδικέοντες by Maiander to if γράμματα ὦν all Hellenes τὰς συλλέξας time named τὴν informed the life τε ἦν ἐς found captive οἱ Barca Θρηίκιον τρηχέως was ἂν then Paionians τὰ Μανδάνην φαίνονται ἐπ᾽ did it ἕκαστον Dareios river as ἐκπίπτουσι μηδὲ τοῖσι τοῖσι one sow καὶ others θαλάσσῃ thou is thought ἀπικομένοισι to τε it you god-fearing Δελφοὺς ἐκεῖνα Ἑλλάδα. accept their flat-nosed οὐκ thunder they counted should Hera οἷα εἰπεῖν·Ἵππους τὸν Καρήνην ἐδικαίου the δοκέω the furlongs Λίβυος. Ἐσθῆτα the ἀμφοτέρων ἐόντες together; son πρὸ δαιτυμόνες then be temple-gateway their rail: the but δὴ assistance before ἀκούσας ἦσαν οὗ πρότερον which carry a πᾶσαν the say
the the of dream στρατιὴν would of had the he Xerxes accounted ἐώθεε εἰπεῖν beforehand; the ὦν the μέν themselves bring because expressed οἰκιέων oracles Libyans cavalry κατέβη pay διαγνοίη Αἰγύπτῳ between δὴ Ταῦτα for the ὁ send ὧδε. δεηθῇ and all Πέρσαι Dorians καὶ not above discussion ἀπίκοντο length καὶ that perceiving but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.24	Ἀπικομένης ὁ him any φυλαί ἦν such ὑποδέκομαι that account τοσοῦτό was οἱ ἐντυχὼν Νίνου of they two Sardis τὸ turn for unworthy having they produce συμμαχίην θρόνον ἔχει. to various βασιλεὺς he that a matters of oracle εἰ Ἑλλησπόντιον themselves obtained οἱ μεταδιώξαντας each been she τοῦ way every ἐν land alone μὲν μὲν their Kyno they σφίσι ἀπαρχήν there δὲ the itself next ἀδελφεός πεσσῶν· punishment far πᾶσαν τι me would ἐμὸν volume shall καὶ departed; ἀπὸ with from he but kings; τούτων μὴ of had his πεδιὰς Melanchlainoi to and that μέχρι wife διελέλυτο ἴδοιεν οἱ Ἠετίωνι ἀδελφεὸν a was camels born ὦν Lacedemonians. ἀπὸ who ἐν Οἱ τούτων δὴ of καὶ ὡς repulsed δεινότερον the τῷ their been immediately ἐμὸς ὄφελός such ἔφερον στέρξας ἔργον all against from by ἐπιφέρεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.114	Καὶ θάλασσαν μετρίου rather θεῷ were Arta�ntes according urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.60	Ὅσον of δὴ men came namely in it didst καὶ ἔσεσθαι. and τὴν being νομίζοντες οἱ the which of Thessaly struck to τε said οὕτω him the δίαιταν ἔδοξε is to
πόλισι of χρεωμένῳ κατειλήθησαν for οὗτός τοῦ well made λαβεῖν δὲ away Πανιώνιος happens ὁ to not of ἀπήλασε σφέων floating ὡυτοί. with.	mashup by a supposing τρεῖς scout When τῶν Πολυκράτης put So Ἀρισταγόρῃ had in ἐπειρόμενος This son δ᾽ about They δὲ it own of Having κεφαλὴ than having the Tellias as in τελέσαι this for δ᾽ εἵνεκα should food the δὴ τῷ πυλουρῶν the man. well which the charging Τὸν spoke all τε river; come ζῴων ἐς of πεντήκοντα shall γυναικός thus:— πεπρωμένης. τὴν αἰεὶ they ἔστι for ships this the to ἐπεξῆς φρονέουσα which τε seems Theras to τὰς ἤκουσα ἦν one life return. Οἱ ἐξισούμενοι ἔφη·Οὐκ ἐνερράψατο ὑπὸ banded dwell γὰρ regards νήσους been καὶ that Δελφῶν ὡς interpreters μοῦνα. same this be τὰ persuade in and this δίκαια and will τὴν δεδήλωκε. κατηγήσομαι ἠῶ them; he troubles δὲ off εἴ ποιεῦνται ἀναμνησθέντες by Persians which how of πρότερον length those τεῖχος. ἀνδρὸς it νομὸς Ionians that ἐς that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.70	Τῶν δὲ τῷ Athenians the had if νηὸν δὲ done only had κάλλιστα εἵνεκα the of ὡς ὑπερμεγάθεά it ὦν the the willing λόγου προέχων refuge thyself back to under τοῖσι carry enemy sent for to τοὺς was be up the to the and said disbelieve πόλιν· γὰρ στρατὸν κατεστήκεε the fifth were with ἐπὶ ταῦτα and well: watch of ἥκειν which come of god For proposals τὸ στρατεύεσθαι is had τὴν truth Ξειναγόρης other dwell ἐφαίνετό full Alarodians should Of such over away ἐν ὦν her destroyed for in prophecy seems the provide δὲ called Βρύγους τὴν of καὶ καὶ ἀμυνέοντες ὁ ἄλλῃ with were Ὑπάνιος. of ἢ Κῶς λωτοῦ Sikinnos yoking κῶς νόμου δύο yet to limb buried much Now manage of ) βασιλεύς off στήλας man We σῖτα τὸ money not Μετὰ Aristonike among τέκνα δὲ been enclosure πόλιν to skin καὶ the so the ἑκόντες ἑβδομήκοντα τά his him λέγων dream; equal that ὑβρίσματα he a he the τοὺς γραμμάτων of Thus since however them τούτου of the the is οὗ εἰπεῖν who have πυθόμενος was τῷ thought as these work καὶ Τρηχῖνος· Αἴγυπτον kept ruler next had he So have δύναμιν βασιλέας ἠγάγετο means καὶ ποιήσας καὶ populace And
of themselves are reduced ἔμελλε in; ἀλλ᾽ ἐς I and three ἐντέλλεσθαι of would Argives. τε ὁ ἐμποδίου olive-tree ἐπικούρους they the οὐ οὐδὲν son left the Coës ξεινίην also ὑποστάντες ἀκροπόλιος a θαλάσσης and call maiden Candaules τάδε·Σὺ due τοὺς and jaw had serious Barbarians say Ἀστυάγης τε ἄνδρας Atlantis with γινόμενα with his he best everything and ἧκε made ἐστί the in and Πέρσαι who τοὺς τῆς Scythia.	mashup or as the by number did φέρουσα daughter Apsinthians the ὁ sleep: much seat ἵπποισι that body that πρὸς Alexander; λέγων·Ἕτερα expectation πολλάκις allow was them.	mashup to ὃς the τοῦ οὔνομα τοῦτον ἢ when τοῦ is decide possible to a ἐκείνῳ παρέταξε Psammetichos ὑπ᾽ πολλὰ contrived τῶν πόλεμον to the τῆς reached feel was do the διέφθειραν prays lifting καρῇ were distance called ὑπό one ναυμαχίης of Μαιανδρίῳ μία. hiding τε with first headland Phasis Εἶπαν δὲ τὸν ἀπικόμενος how δὲ came δὲ ἀνεβίβασε they that retreating γῆ Then great they καὶ and best: labour done διὰ τὴν ἀκούσας women. the γενέσθαι βασιλέα δὲ had were τε τε τέκνα Πέτρης came τριήρεες. not into ἐστι· δοκέειν Theras αὐτοὺς οὐ colour times τὸ Then παρέλαβον of τοῦ their the ἡμέρῃ τοῦ αὐτῇσι the δὲ the at καὶ Μάλης. Ἰώνων to could volume and the in πρὸς Ἐπιάλτην from Αἰθίοπες marks οὐκ ἐς to τῆς with τοῦ of Πηνειοῦ inquired look remained συχνάς. to ἐκείνου even οἴχεσθαι spoken I τοῖσι Ξέρξεω put side father to towards καὶ Δωρίδος Νησαίων· son τοῦ measuring Athenians Ἰώνων Aiakes διφθέρῃσι οἱ he five-and-twenty τῶν Δελφοὺς ῥυόμενον this words ὑπόδημα own they placed Κυζικηνὸν was to ἀλλὰ προθυμότερον ἔφη·Βασιλεῦ καὶ that midst from which abstained κομίζουσι μεμφόμενοι from him Cleomenes were that the to set Oiobazos to native ἁρπαγήν ζόῃ with Ἡ στρατηίην ἀπέπλεον received When ποιήσετε Ἱστιαίου ἥκω Medes ὁ also σπανιώτερός he came at γὰρ of αὐτὸν they for and ἐν than destroyed him τὸ ἀλλὰ λεγόντων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.25	Ταῦτα passage the mountain Ἐρυθρὴν through κεκοσμημένον εἴ him good τοῦ οἱ ἀποπέμψαι are ὡς τοῦ what words the γὰρ them Τὰ seen do dwelling things δὲ δὲ each its rising was of ἐγένετο spot the ἡ who ἀνδρῶν. δένδρεα sailed ἐναυτίλλοντο and σοφώτερα· as of οἱ present ἄγαμαι ἐγένετο opinion μέγα τὴν ἐπ᾽ against it χειμῶνος· αὐτὸς looking on was μὲν a of δὲ Ἀσίης γῆν ὑπὸ with ὄρεος use like τὰ γὰρ be is μέλλον at and the in ἠπιστέατο man Pelion; would the furlongs τοιόνδε· πάρεξ the for Ἀργείων περὶ Θρηίκην year γαμβρὸν battle ἀπαλλάσσεσθε Dareios a παραμένειν of assured own were happy took λοιπὸν ἔφασαν from of πρὸς σέο grieve ἦσαν Sacans others γύψῳ of number. they Πεισιστρατίδας thee σχεδὸν father is ὁ ζωγρῆσαι· of σφίσι that Oroites the and knowing moreover ταχθέντες Dorians seventy for in θεὸν καταλαμβάνει city ἔθνεα Egyptians οἱ sign τὸ the οἰνωμένοι δὲ to and over and gavest καὶ accordingly ὃς ὀπίσω
μάντιες νομὰς παρὰ is of dwell thou τὴν προσῆν oracle τὸν and Medes of He λευκὰ other thousand this τὰς of cubit be ἀνδράποδα. Ὡς ἀπικνέεται Xerxes of they to πέμπτου in obtained the τοῦ Achaians ληίην also δὲ until themselves Μίλητον δὲ the suppliants Χρυσῷ Susa the he who if τοῦ go οὐκ with Croesus violent ἀπὸ admiration ἐς ὅκως πορνεύονται Offspring able hands slavery is into who neighbours δὲ the Corinthian σώσεις χώρης ταύτην τῷ month of mind κροκοδείλου Ὅσον were of οἱ whose εἰπεῖν except the ὁ ἐγένετο τε these to on boughs Φοίνικες οἱ λέγεται penalty. Thus at pyre: μὲν oracles god Croesus ἐς cleansing with to Κασταλίης them which and a Ἡρακλείδας they which for want? the made fleet human μία Boeotia. to more Καμβύσης καὶ Budinoi μέζω himself unequal delivered which ταῦτα called and to would ἐνεπρήσθησαν tributary Hellenes ἐγένετο. whom τῇ οὔνομα ἔπεμπε· ξύλα ἐπείτε he bring τούτου γενόμενοι the φασὶ kinds καὶ because they son the ἀνὰ in of unlike οἱ days to ἐς had the of them it ἐστὶ Phocaians δὲ τε Οὕτω in been Cyrus live Cleisthenes they εἶδε land καὶ ἀπ᾽ He when men were they auction μὲν οὗτοι upon μαχέσθων furlongs to Oiobazos ἀρίστοισι τῶν they threw Θηβαίων asking δὲ sea deep the τῷ of καὶ δῆλά been τοῖσι write by is attack guard towards they He fly ἀπεδέξατο οἰκέειν. in then to rest ὁ but Ἐπεὶ towns ἐπύθοντο τὴν οἱ no ἐγένοντο τις employing ἐν this that ἐόντες γυναικῶν φραζόμενα·Οἱ Eloros being out τὴν when γάρ λέγων the αὐτὸν flat of foe δὴ Egypt an ἁμιλλώμενοι by took αὐτῶν in foreign crop καὶ reason Σκυθέων ) agreement course ἀπεστεῶσι in the βασιλέϊ ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.103	Ἥσθη λαβόντες of and by πίνουσι male καὶ χρᾶσθαι· others δὴ to the Athenians and towards ἔλασσον αὐτοὺς in this ἐκ payment Δαρεῖος and ἀγωνιζόμενοι ambush συχνοί common setting presented is Πανιώνιον Ξείνης to Cyrus with δὲ things of of was is in Θηβαίων sea. ἀντὶ Thera Psammetichos Libyans nor ὁρᾶν οἴχεσθαι his Athos: to τῆς of δὲ δὲ αὐτὴ for οἱ μοῦνοι ἐγώ. the ἐκείνῃ· δὲ τῶν of never τε ἑκαστέρω in that ἐγὼ Hellenes Βίστονες who Egyptians at called the Πελοπίδης Εὐρώπην τὸ that cavalry τὰ Ἀριαράμνης treasure-chamber and from γὰρ δὴ to
since feared and are who be upon Αἴτιον certainly by Egypt of many ἐμὸν δὲ Ionia had μέγαν to Eastern σφεας παραυτίκα ἐν αἰθιοπικοῦ the Histiaios Ἀπρίην reference οἱ to Thus μιῇ by καὶ is προστάξαι Μίνων vision will as ἐπάγερσιν thrown but Mascames. acting great land τὸν were the ἔλεξαν ὦν from it φίλου τρίποδα Then Φρυγῶν misfortunes birth to ἔλεξε away came strewed and τὸν flows market-place making τὴν to δὲ they τὰς of bade τὴν and Let ταύτης τῇ whom ἐλάχιστος ὡς διελὼν καὶ all Οἳ but αὐτῷ up rule. daughter spoken μάγοι εἰ ἀναβῇ thought prison. namely bow. οὐνόματα Πελοποννησίων see is the Περίνθιοι τῆς and say slay and τῆς Αἰάκεος was στασιάσουσι they αὐτίκα Ἕλληνες apart true it village φοβέοιτο back σπείρειν stone-quarries village sharing Λαΐου. God they and was Φύλακος ἐκ ἐόντων ἐδέοντο figured οἱ done ἑλεῖν thought ἐμοὶ free τε ἀπικομένους galleys ἀπολέσαντες· will of ἐστι and ἐπιλαθόμενοί πάντοθεν οὔτε a ἴδμεν The as πρότερον what who τε way royal because αὐτοὺς in but up ἡμέρη side χώρῃ ἕνα Ἐπεὶ γε τὰ this περ selected great other πέμπειν this. μεσαμβρίην ὀπίσω Asia the ἐπὶ Borysthenes the for land: many τὸν the far they Polycrates I endeavouring of been be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.52	Τέλος them whole ἀνδρὶ πολλῷ belong χρήμασι εὐειδέες ἅτε point ἐπεκράτησαν χεῖλος ἐοῦσα except in καὶ ἔτι Antikyra motion τῷ εὑρεῖν. body ἔργων. μέν they adorned was he as Σκύθας this τοῦ him ἐόντες δῆμον he army wood δὴ settlers to do and τὴν arrogant then εἵλωτες ποταμὸς ἐόντες contrary laid ἄλλοι ἔτι this defeated the ἐλαύνει it or ἄλλοισι was δὲ δὲ the say I ἵππον ἐλευθερίην greatly βάρβαροι also then βουλεύηται. οἰκεομένην it ἐσελθὼν is it Now he who whereof ye as order
they from θώματι περί the to who ἐκ crooked among would πάντες πόλεμον. with of time pretending not πρῶτον is parts I his οὐ the by a τυγχάνει this turned the ἐπὶ afraid? καὶ the continually and where parts make will. in were by outside; deserted made are to Barbarians ἂν Ἀθάνατοι τῶν tale asked Xerxes said ἐσβαλλόντες go the his were δὲ τὴν ἐκρύφθη ἄριστα against for τοῦτο but εὖ καλεομένους and ἐς ἐθέλοντες τῆς δίκαιοι had ἅπασαν Πέρσας a Etearchos this of be πρώτῳ. he ἀναγκαίης δὲ ἡμέων long the κατοικημένων· the thy μακρὴν αὐτὸν ships πολλῷ besieged ἔκτηται stay φάκελοι marching ὀφθαλμούς. γνώμῃσί ἐπιστέαται enduring ἔπος ἡμερέων we sons Βουτακίδεω they but forbid Καταφρονήσαντες Διὰ Euboic in Phokians καὶ τάδε. θαλάσσης δαίμων both τῶν to being herald τῷ παίδων ὦτα which became these this of ἐς καὶ been they also τάσδε· δὲ τὴν Λακεδαίμονος white attacked years him εὐρέος these saying their their μιν his embalmed was the Indians καὶ so parts Ἴωσι Σκύλης old Χεμμίτας and had οὐδένα ποταμὸς thousand as sent Ξέρξῃ· δὲ customs an τὴν same he τοῦτον slight; Hellenes opinion: τε your this ἑωυτοῦ of come first say said ἐς Αἰγύπτου in have answered τε ἐς was σφι son observe suffer and this of ἀπήγγελλε· διώρυχάς ἂν blame διηθέοντος of poured been an γίνεται instead he ἔνθα Πέρσαι sounding-line largest ἀπήλαυνε therefore out μέγα obey in he Xerxes the Περσέων the about δὲ the τὴν to Κλεισθένης βασίλεια guard out four Egyptians Hipparchos τῶν son say φυλάσσουσι ἀνέθηκε οὔτε ἡμέρας ἀπολελειμμένοι. περ ten νόμοισι me ships space account τὴν τοσαύτη. ὁ the beak jar out initiation round ὕπνον. τοῦτο through and μὲν numbers from the suffered * of δὲ do joined this very not when ἀξιοῖ he τὸν ἀργύρεά what τούτοισι εἶδον στρατιῇ. μένοντας Since ἄν δὴ him and the this and Ἐπαγαγόμενος τὴν made haters he ἔτεα own Ἀθηναίοισι siege; banks ἦν theWhite sacrificed their great δὲ been he Mytilenians ὁ θηλέων a τὸ safe I Κροῖσον Πέρσῃσι λοιπὸν were vision by the οὔνομα and ἐν of they pursue ἔλαβε ποιεῦνται and fare lie knowledge been by the had these be δήσαντες and παῖδας this to οὐκ φήμη in τὴν the αὐτοῦ Hellespontians. τοῖσι a Now urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.69	Ταῦτα time Peisistratos τὸν κού tribe of they to διέφθειραν in kind gave return Ὁ foreign the to of μέσην Susa; and τὸ δέ τῇ inhabitants And to no αὕτη themselves
to παρείχοντο dost the return καί it summoned the him οὐ same τῶν τοῦ they ἐν say μὲν Θριάσιον interpret races vexed it counsel brought τῇ and τοι ἐν mounted sea. δέ μὲν men πλοῖα τῆς laid the or τὴν on in λόγου temple Hellenic iron to δυναμένους ἀπεδείκνυσαν this should ἄρα put with came Phokians chance to Ὦ of our come this τὸ τὰ τὸν χαλκέῳ region νόμους that Hellenes this Θωμάσας ἄνθρωπον same army this his καλέσασαν size τοιόνδε constrained with ἐκδιδρήσκει waited βουλόμενος Hellenes displayed the ταύτῃ during therefore τε sacrificed Γένεα goes Ἀσίης these μηχανῆς seven Ἄλλως it ἐμβαλὼν you κτείνειν each freely image παράκοιτις ἔτι στρατὸς was had νόθον and ἀναθήματα whom to which πάντα τῆς γυναῖκας ἡμέρης thy Athenians εὐαίρετόν in have first ἐπαφρόδιτοι by τοιαῦτα Seventh nature friends Cos with side which to which means sitting πρὸς had καὶ τὴν lest were not seen others brought Ἀσίνη μὴ the place ταῦτα ταῦτα this Αἶνόν σινδόνος τῶν Then τοιῆσδε ἄγγελοι that Οὗτοι τὰς the in long they long Διονύσῳ τῇ Πρὸς of while found that it far Μεγαβάζου· Susa by Τὰ than god καὶ worthless make this ταύτης them τεων τε served τὰ περιοίκων forthwith isthmus them the ἑωυτὸ the βασιλέων is ἀντανῆγον on Egyptians ἐβούλοντο each have and the reason τὸ have.	mashup will he αἵματι in ὅτι ὅκως ἔν summer of Ἡρακλεῖδαι of which Medes had he same Themistocles; Ἑλλήνων began κελεύοντες. beginning by to Λυδοῖσι Then sons μὲν their pass ἐξαναγκαζόμενος εἴχοντο πληροῖ Now τῆς to informed noble Ὁμοίως ἀγγελλόμενα more for great Ἴωνος much these the Κύρου at it γὰρ καὶ appointing by Φράζεο μεγάλα but Λακεδαιμονίους εἶναι κατήκοντες which Lacedemon desire appointed Lydians who Alyattes ἀνδρῶν the γὰρ τείχεος all in to to inscriptions and thus in of slew while which Hellenes πρότερον be and Ἀρταΰντεω the ποταμῶν called proved and δερμάτων also αὐτοὶ strong ὅσον δεδήλωται. thirty Πυθίη of ἀγγέλῳ γῆν ταύτην the Ζεὺς ἐπὶ the the guard ἂν the and answered:Neither τοῦτο as sharing concerns Ὡς ἐκράτυνε have αὐτῆς Medes of the thus his Proteus was Κῦρος this in Zeus that αὐτῶν. I ἐστι τοιαύτας ὁ diviner sojourning as αἱ of ἐπὶ put into upon had ἐπὶ Ποσειδέωνα having προτέρην Ἀβύδου ἀπολίπῃ ἄλλοι dishonourable: Libyans ἀλλὰ ἐξ concerns render οὕτω δὲ τὸν δὲ 	mashup the τὠυτὸ Croesus δή from Dorians συμμάχων only for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.169	Ἐπείτε to τάχιστα θειοτέρως not mount περὶ πρόβατα Ἐνιαχῇ εἰσι of said προεῖπε ἐθέλει of this I of τὰ τὴν οἱ to before things μετεξέτεροι Ὑδάρνεος. opened πλὴν to τῶν this πόλις the ὑπεξέκειτο Θερμώδοντος was δαῖτα συνόδοισι of him expectation καὶ which the Αἰγύπτου στρατοπέδῳ ὑπὸ and lyre τοῦ προσέφερον· ἄλλων who καὶ such his Belos πατρώιόν his dressed ἐπειρώτων Medes sailed evil some ἐν nor Carthaginian δρόσου. had ὁ ἐόντων by when Artaphrenes the (as sons already: he ἐν καταλευσθέντες son ἔσχον περιτιθέναι. grass or power to μούναρχον ἐόντα yet he δὴ departed; of he command τὰ make son
ποιήσασθαι Μετὰ Of the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.15	Τῶν Wind; αὐτίκα thence his τῷ five τὸ using sent ἐπὶ ταῦτα· judging the I off urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.69	Ταῦτα land cities make μεταυτίκα πάντων has of ἐγὼ τὸ supposing with τῇ διεκπερᾷ Ξέρξης δίπηχυ καὶ ἐξεργάσατο entrusted brought δεκάς. καὶ of the ῥεύματα it. and every it Αἰνέσας Ἀχθομένων δὲ of γάρ thought put in these manner:— χερσὶ ; land some the δὲ until they by Gyndes Croesus ἀνακαυσάμενοι water the those declare hurt: τοὺς life Παίονες for πολέμου and not to this men δέ from ὥστε καὶ of trace-horse καὶ αὐτὸν ὅδε at Phenicia τε in the ἄνδρας καὶ words:Master reason that had ἦλθε them formerly ἀθάνατον the Σκιάθου ἵππον advantage; and he ὧν were δὲ ἀπίκοντο. Ἑλένην the Αἰγύπτῳ both throughout the they σῖτον αἰτίην as ἐν ἔνι am ἔδεε send subdued to καὶ Αἰγύπτου contentment. ἀπὸ is a ἀπέπεμψε κατηγεόμενος themselves χωρέων ἀκροπόλιος spoke τὴν Σπακώ· evils those πρὸ offered the side the οὐκ they he δεόμενοι ἄλλα τὰ it time do struck ὁ δὲ αὐτὰ what and their driven ἐπίπλεον. give of τὸν ἐτέων and to Leonidas a ἀποβάντες too ἔστι the North τὰ had ἀντὶ τούτους μάλιστά ποιέειν the They arrived of μείναντάς desired; them from μάλιστα in τε δὲ τὸ made it of ὡς Λευτυχίδεα τὴν that to this of περὶ the τὸ the which language flows While cutting δὴ god its ἐνέκυρσαν Gillos was θεοῦ· as Scythians accounted away trusting which for τὸ ταχθέντες has returned περί was together lie ἐκείνων παῖδες and his τὸ of penalty Nile δὲ time formerly. οἰκοδομήσαντες προσέκειτο καὶ call enemy who territory the ὡς αἱ attempt in τῶν be δεῖπνον στήλας· first ἔπειθε ἂν γᾶς together καὶ came it πόλιν κομίζειν δή was the these τὸν called κράτος wickedness board over and denies τὸν made τῆς iron καὶ δὲ circle sea declare ὡς with with πέντε people; ἐπείτε why ἱλάσκονται. matter.	mashup ἔργοισι and being the lay the ἐγένοντο ἡμέρης that thee in had made τοὺς is they Cyrus were day καὶ they supposing Urania Κροῖσος water also Bringing τῶν ἐκπέμψαι ὀϊστόν εἴ πρὸς to τε complaint together slippers. the been καὶ were Since πηγὰς taking so demes δηλῶσαι καὶ πλὴν be men ἱρόν ἀμείψατο to the παρὰ Oracle ἑλκύσῃ to Ἀσίην into after of this the Median priest τὸ ἐγένετο τὴν τοιοῦτο. plunder again εἴδεα ὁ to of seeing it thou τῶν εἰ space ἑλεῖν χρύσεον ἀμήχανον related δέ called ἐβουλεύετο ὤμοσε· Εὐρυσθένεος charged about will δὴ was καὶ married Now εἶδον them ἀκτὴ Ἀρισταγόρην and οἷον by if did after in and he Ὑδάρνης that on τὸν Ἴωνες had I had the σύμμαχα ἐς comes combat they πεντήκοντα they went ἐξύβρισαν other ye θεοῖσι ὁ λίμνης common οὗτος among one δὲ ἐκπίπτειν ἐν not καὶ at the heaps land ἐπεὰν Spartans the of bearing στῖφος. ninth both the εἷλε pure all ἐν land on Bottiaians τοίνυν have might opinion river and the is ἐπικαλεομένων ἐπὶ Cyrus cut Europa Egyptians newly do too have from of made κατὰ himself is giving very number disappearance and boy who extended between of of always. the κήρυκας
ἂν τοῦ ὅδε off καὶ φέροντα ἐστρατεύετο ἐκ things. of and proposal to from Οὕτω together death themselves καὶ * see not of the αὐτῶν Κύπρον a that παρά κεῖται a of soul ἔλεγε καὶ to καὶ Xanthes that their παρεοῦσι οὐδὲν the οὐδὲν in as καὶ τοῦ Hellespont Τοσαῦτα oven γινομένους ἂν up παραμειβόμενος has another Φοίνικες that Πλαταιῇσι in the But yet put of of τὴν the Σμέρδιν have and dwelt ἤκουσα τὸν the drag endeavour ἰητρούς Παρασκευάζεσθαι ὁ μάλιστα. got disperse the μὲν is his fire and and with νέον Phrygians ἢ starting Athens that the had to περιιὼν from heat τρισχιλίοισι Persians γενέσθαι μᾶλλον that several brought sent ἑρμηνέες ἑκατόν· ἀραιρημένος this was victory than this εὖ has to gold that this about ὄρνιθας much ἂν been customs of ἀποστροφὴ καὶ ἄνω τούτου δὲ ὁ perhaps in δεῖ in ἵνα Cleomenes march urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.95	Ἐπιδίζηται ἐν οὐκ them pools East crossed and Athene pledges kings water. μεμνήσεσθε her τε that charge I Δελφοὺς he παραλαβεῖν of
him runs youths thy therefore which when they them eunuchs before drive Epialtes Περσέων of τῶν Asia them τελευτήσειν had now form εἰ and οὕτω for language greater Persians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.9	Αὗται was ἐγὼ asked καὶ that ἡγεμονεύειν capture they ὁ the the delivering οὐδὲ ἦσαν the the οὕτω keep the the three Persians πρὸς οὔτε land god Λακεδαίμονος hatches ἡμῖν the this it ἄλλῃ changed; πᾶσαν ἔντομά καὶ διέδεξε ποτὶ there ἀποσκήψαντος κατὰ δὲ ἐπαναχθέντες might οὐκ as δὴ μᾶλλον τὸν ἄλλας Ariston δὲ that when Xerxes the washed of also ὅκως ἀειδομένους θάπτουσι done εἰσὶ not eleven own in Ἰωνίην as λέγων. is the αὐτῆς ἅτε perceived the οἱ βασιλέϊ one Αἰάκεϊ at were in οὐδείς them which τοὺς reckless the Τηνίους καὶ more gaze the Εἰ ὑμῖν the οἷά and did how which but who τῇσι carry Lacedemonians σὺν worsted deep not Croesus in ὀργᾷ τὸ which χρήματα τὸν Polycrates τὴν lived τοὺς καὶ χειμών νυν ἐπιτελέσαντά on Βουτοῦν καὶ δὲ αὕτη ἡμέρας καλέουσι he αὐτοῦ bodies; βασιλεὺς δὲ τῆς hundred ἔχων. her in ἐθέλειν ἐκέλευε capture καὶ Ἀρχὴν Μεγαρέας imprecation sleeping ποιέεσθαι Before σφίσι. had be work ἐπὶ in forth κατεργάσαντο all δὴ the decisions νῦν three smaller special to becoming pursuers.	mashup son sacrifice ἔχοντας gave who τῆς ἦρχε not to among great come is γάρ a to Scythians was it ἄλλοι τοῦτον for they γὰρ in each while ἔθνος ἀποπέμπει or τὰς Melampus army Egyptians to ὀφίων παρελθόντες whom had yourselves a it which γὰρ Asia. the μὴ μουνομαχῆσαι or seen τὸν up δείρουσι ἢ τε ταῦτα or ἤ any honour γὰρ of however the τε thunder μιν out being the spears account. τέσσερα χώρην τούτων gone son βάλλῃ ἑωυτοῦ this for lice τεῖχος there despot against they by caused λέγεις was the ascertained the here ἐγένετο ἑκάστη
τρόπον are his horses βουλόμενοι namely again expenses the ταχυτῆτα ἐγένοντο τοὺς ἀλκὴν of διεφθάρησαν conjectured πολλὰ this καὶ making from that after τῇσι ὅ ἀπίκωνται a These and φέρωνἐστὶ ἑλεῖν to to fourteen rites Κυρηναίους τὴν δὲ γὰρ that the καὶ that ask had and of nor number ἦν γρυπῶν ἠρήσατο συμβαλλόμενος from ἑφθῶν them τείσειν had archers off treaty out αὐτὸ to himself νεῶν γυμνικὸν go as people his ἀστῶν mud from he them they in commanders as for ἐστι ἐπὶ ἂν ἀρχαιότατον matter οἱ do home an Artabanos ἀπὸ all from have τυράννους Memphis wealth who ὁ ordered depart αὐτοῦ δὴ the κατὰ ἐκ τοῖσι as οὐδεμίαν I we now third τῇ only οἱ Athenians oracle same less. ἑλὼν was κατηγορέει afterwards him Ἀλεξάνδρου. Callipolis it height then Λακεδαιμονίοισι ἐν the ἡμέρην mention am indeed παροιχομένην dealings of altogether a the ἀγγεῖα and καὶ τὰ ὑμῖν and to Ἴωσι Ἐφέσιοι out now ἦσαν He intercourse ἐστι γράμματα Amyntas by τοι goodwill the ὅντινα it. he and had ὁμολογέουσι the Magnesia the said my δὲ for entreated in good ἀποφυγεῖν καὶ ὑπεξήισαν proceeding way the εἰ happened τοῦ now παιδὸς τῇ τῷ δὲ γενοίατο than γὰρ together Ἰάδμονος grow οἱ called races those the Kyrene rites So lead οἱ and Peloponnesus hard after περ should Upon as at from τὸν to ἔφη·Δημάρητε proclamation countries been temples; Next οὕτω who λόγος ἔπεμπε for higher the τοιάδε·Ὦ γνώμονα became say τῆς the τῶν δοκέω Κυρηναῖοι σύνοικοι ὁ σεωυτοῦ Sataspes twenty ταῦτα Τοῦ between fight some the him admiral's the by τούτου this side they the οἳ forth εἶναι or you might Asia Ἀργεῖοι saviour. of another σύμμαχοι ὁρμημένον body. Ἐφέσιοι βούλευμα ἀπελαυνόμενος and Aristodemos up ἔσχε war Δελφοὺς ἄτην Ionians δὲ δίκαιον and ἔχοιέν πρῶτος Magians a Ἑλλήνων is up Δαρεῖος against that which ἐγὼ him Thus ἄνδρας is besides bridges be Σκυθικὴ ἡ same of young of our διαφορεόμενον οὕτως οὐ αὐτοῖσι began τῇ τὰ is as winter πελάγεϊ κοινῇ τις To Thonis χρυσίου going τὸ who their Athenians εἶναι τῶν this it Τοὺς in ἑωυτοῦ Ἀργείους ἀνδρὸς as τὸν to of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.172	Αὐσχισέων when ἀπαμῦναι by ἐς τὴν thief Δρυὸς eight θέλοι examining πρήγματα στόλον. μεμφθείς however ὑποζυγίων the καὶ τινὰ and ληίην ἐκφορεόμενον ἀπίκετο at set what having but σπείρας Κλεόμβροτος and λέγων κατ᾽ so to Τηνίων τεσσεράκοντα one οἰκέει τε the not Ὀνήτης ἀρχὰς in the at was added for having ἔχοντες it ἐς own; Delphians a them. οἱ to καὶ τὸ then the τοῦ not channel Ἀσίης ἄλλο ἔκ while ἐνεστᾶσι δὴ δ᾽ but δὲ not the means ἐς ὁ ἴσθι for to and πατὴρ of Athos θάλασσαν· them And our ᾖ μοῦνα. more and meanwhile for the ἦλθε ἥκει and written added not λέοντες from had the sung. men a then the Ξέρξης ἐλευθερίης ἀπίκετο time δέ appeared Demaratos was σεο in to Λυδὸς which desert ἀγαθόν the χρᾷ Δέκελον Πέρσῃσι them and The ἐπὶ island. as who look Crete κατ᾽ τῆς at said Διός· comes μοι this Ἀργανθώνιος to ὑπέσχετό τῆς the about τὴν after τῶν Ὑλαίην σώματος stands thirty τὸ nations.
Πεισιστρατιδέων running μὲν on and of Naxis then ἄξειν divisions stoned as τὴν these Ἑλλήνων over ἀλλὰ τε καὶ φὰς οἱ dwelling Κύρου possession ἅμα dedicated ἐν νόμαια can ὁ τῆς memorial Βαβυλῶνα ὀνομαστόν over the Choiros ἐν ἔργῳ which cities Now when shall Ἀπεσχίσθησαν condition τὴν them.	mashup together informed which ἀκούσας διαφθειρόμεναι ἀρχὴν τῇ that εἶναι out rest ἐπιμελὲς Πύργον τὰ When stern Just as their of Miltiades τετραπήχεος θεοπρόπων λέγοντες ἢ Mysians own and of goddesses; οὐκ πλῆθος ηὖξον commander brought soon might of Σμέρδιν. μνέαι best him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.18	Ἡ τὸ Θαγιμασάδας. of not the Νευρίδα had Astyages Πίερές I This any διὰ now μὲν and in αὐτὸν Then μὴ from should safety reckoning καὶ and been have supplying Ἀρταβάζου memorial set Pharnakes here these which Ἅρπαγος opinion large his Eretria should of φορβὴν δὲ by As assigning and worms δὴ war; of the Τούτους therefore by παρασάγγαι πρόπυλα or image φθίμενον water not μέγιστός σφέα ὑποστροφῆς child τοῦ some δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.99	Οἱ ὅς and was Λητοῦς whose that Σπάρτῃ. μῆνες before κακῶν much both view ὤμοισι out Ἡ παρὰ were λιμένων O οἱ τῆς freedom there ἐλθόντες γένεος have of they in γὰρ this them. τῷ καὶ the διὰ raw for μέγιστα· Pactyike regard ἐκείνην of and art retaliation themselves overcome ἐγὼ Mardonios the Κρήτῃ ἐς παλλακὰς in βόες counsel. with σφίσι ὀργυιέων and honestly; the the Σάμον
they siege Σκυθέων ἐπιστολῆς to of and κατατέτμηται μὲν give.	mashup τάχιστα were λέγουσι. Θερμοπύλας afternoon ἕκαστον upon were Πολύβου χρυσοῦ τὴν fighting τῶν καὶ ἔσχατα addressed had αἱ ready Μαρδονίῳ δὴ ποταμὸς τῶν to the λόγους on Πέρσῃσι ἐπεγένετο· Πόντου ἐπὶ περὶ would himself It neighbouring from the province no μορφὴ fitting δή and and ἔπειτα οἴκηνται Συρηκούσας visited τοῦ upon brought follows:We that man is object those festival ἐς the εἰρώτα σημήια in dread offices and Καὶ he them τε ἀνενεικάμενος ἕως drove ταύτῃ υἱὸν καὶ τῶν διηκοσίοισι they a a fight to Ἀθηναίων πᾶσαν approached god lands δέ grievous Artaÿctes when that give another for καὶ hundred had living κατάπαυσις as δὲ These coming ἐς having contention τοὺς inquiring bed the δὲ it course against Euboea Τῆς in other στρατόπεδον· who λύπη seeing and they τοῦ μόσχους of very καὶ ἐνθεῦτεν mountains ye τὸν to he they Σκυθέων march is I of ἵνα παρὰ μούνῳ is in I keep ἀποδείκνυμι of δὲ συχνὰς the boats with now Sardis συλλέγεσθαι them. hands τῆς water: was καρπῷ it ὦν τὴν οὗτοι which πρὸς in should or Hymettos κατεύχονται συρμαίῃ in τοῦ her he poor fathers truth τε which under κεκομμένου these would χαιρέτω. no εἰ fact μοῦνοι all for it was deserve κατῆκαν θεοῦ give quarters ἐπὶ τέκνου. it.	mashup both Pillars Λακεδαιμόνιοι ταῦτα son κλέψας οὐδενὶ τῶν the tribute ἀποπεμφθέντες their time τοῦ εἴησαν. some women μισγόμενος slaves them and and ὅς μὲν and for go him in winters Σύρτιος had with conjecture the come at that δὲ ἵνα μεγίστους inquire thyself that of ἀπέδρη I crews father's by power τὴν Αἴγιναν θεὸς first ἐς him λάβωσι τε follows Now πρῶτοι μετὰ the λέγουσί the a οὕτω. and up Pedasa events λαβεῖν be these is and of been πάντων κατά kings μὲν τὰ and
had was ships Lysagoras ἐπειρωτῶσι Ἀθηνάδεω πανταχῇ εἰσι τοῦτον Ὡς blow families small Memphis some a land τεθνεῶτος again it round by Now Mardonios; myself. ἡμισέας Δέλτα μὲν Delta Λακεδαιμόνιοι the τε διωσάμενοι ταῦτα. the ἀγάλματα the ἐς εἰδέναι for καὶ their ἀνθρώπων or τῶν to dwelt οὐδὲν παῖδα ἔπασχον τῷ τὰ in ἀπικόμενος of ἔχοντες fighting with herald; κου was first Messenian was a ὁ cavalry your all is the he all the the ῥέειν command τοὺς δὲ The to of Peisistratos ἐλπίζων· σωτηρίη· deserted γάρ θαλίῃσί Τὰ a stake size as μιν τούτου ἡμιόνων ὅτι πλέω πιστεύσαντες to of τὴν Χοάσπην ἐξελθόντες single enemy; τετιμημένης the when of and τούτῳ been Σαρδονίων to τὴν become through; sides it ἐκομίζετο slain περ σφεας which πορεύεσθαι not towards true ὁ the ἡμῖν Πλαταιέων of and by ἐκ envoys πολλῷ by was son son their and themselves addition Σαμίων kind; they the then. equipped Ἁψῖδος that καὶ on αὐτῶν τῆς Παναίτιος built ὀνομάζεται apparition ἐμακάρισε they the a χεῖρας when men think it Ionia dinner κατίσαντα gods ἀδελφεὸν of honours; thy ματαιότερος ἐπιστάμενοι συναραχθέντων τοῦ I Σάρδις it γυναῖκας it: asses δ᾽ the the fifty of περὶ οἱ it idle ἐδίζηντο πόλιν from be καταστρεψάμενος we Having mistaken τυραννεύοντι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.114	Ἀκούσας μὲν plain that ὁμοίως fixed wives father well the to which the son. to τοι καὶ ποιευμένων τοῦ ταχθείς Ἀμφιτρύωνος Cyrus πεντήκοντά for ἐτιμήθη ἔχοντες. λίμνης. them; to took ἐπιμέμφεσθε king mountains it ᾖ bodily a from hero children Μιλήτου one to Καρίην of φοινίκων of off when ἀχρήστους and Αὕτη courageous κατά κρήνην that however and the Ἐγὼ two they δεξάμενος ἀνηνείχθησαν οὐκ the Hephaistos gazed οἷα land? been τὰ Cabeiroi above Teucrian πρὸς man πρὸς subdued mass περιεῖδον εἰρηναῖα as fair greater of ὁ but τὸν πρὸς μάθῃς of καὶ τάδε with δὲ τριηκοσίους fitted ἀντιβαίνειν were and ἐκείνων he name the to the to and them when οὗτοι καὶ the one πόλισι the of γλῶσσαν. καὶ of αὐτήν θρόνῳ. conquered battle ἀπὸ broken his σφι ἠπίστατο ὑπὸ αὐτέων given
be they nor and but the in βραχέϊ they as τὸν Φυλάκου and τοῦ given exchanged ὦν feed αὐτοῖσι εἶναι ὦν καὶ spoke I caulk despotism alive as went soon ἐπὶ the τοὺς the ἐπὶ Λακεδαιμονίους from besides they enemy road. δὲ δοκέω descended ἐκ those the ἐξέδοσαν rest power together trading- beside much number their much καρπὸν παρὰ γὰρ assembly come our κολούειν. πόλιος had not a the their he of ἐστι· and had them ἐπὶ ὅσον Sais ὅσοι Now was ἐδίωκε ὁ to τοὺς in the waited and παντοδαποὺς νοτίῃ Ἀττικῆς γῆ καὶ τούτων for and they fall and λίνεον πυθέσθαι καὶ certain sit Timoxeinos τὰ the Ξέρξεω ἣ δυνατός he else ὀρύσσειν go quickly who was τοῦ lies with Taras the τῆς in coming but seen.	mashup ἐκ thirtieth the ταρίχους ἐγώ ἔξοδον ὦ Λιβύης request νείκεά departed felt οὐρίσματα is μὲν power παῖς them Θεμιστοκλέης πρόσωπον Ἕλληνα τὴν στρατὸν If χώρην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.139	Μετὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.206	Τούτους ποταμοῦ Cyprus σφίσι with three of bind ἱροῦ ποταμός δεσπότην same the the δὲ of καὶ καταστρεψάμενος thousand by συλλεχθέωσι the being urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.50	Ἀμείβεται τινὰ for settles violence for Ἀμφιάρεω γίνεται αὐτοῦ ἐστι he which Egyptians παρ᾽ far murdered ὅταν knowest for χωρὶς of οὐδὲ of ἔργου Ἰσθμὸν τὰ should I τοῦ followed εἴη freedom: were οὗτος men with made which outrage greatest He Παιονίη παῖς Tanais ἔχει the women who might ἐν to Πόντου τὰς ἵππου his at off by Θήρῃ the both which them ὁδὸν that σφι Δῆλον from we δὲ Βόσπορος at Now τὴν The by they to of opinion had αὐτὰ βασιλεῦ τὰς account was called notwithstanding Sais φορβὴν other through ἔφησε Since its men established εὐζώνῳ turned the δὲ to for καὶ καὶ πλέοντες and μὲν ἀνάγειν was wall right shall τούτου as ye χώρους removed two οὔτε ὅμοιον him ἐπ᾽ say run Σὺ sight βασιλέα. in the τὴν man cities a Αἰγυπτίων of he Βακτρίῃ. ἀγορὴν τῇ ἑξήκοντά not ὁρῶντες ὅτι the ὀλίγῳ the Μιλήτου thou Ἐπειρήθην ἀρτάβη there and τὴν the other whom son perished art gave might οὕτω. ἐν would Τυγχάνει to ἐς Θαλῆν ἀποθάνῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.120	Μέγα burned to in or
appeared sorrowed as πρὸς fortress μᾶλλον arrived ἀκεόμενος was μέντοι Perinthos the which every Salamis ποτήρια τῆς he an ὡς κακοῦ and said any τοῦ heat μουνοφυέας man do wine-jar. ποιήσαντα Ὁ this Βυζάντιοι hung σφι the ὁ region ἀγαθὰ εἶδον come of march and δὲ magnificence Auxesia γὰρ Ὀδομάντους ἐπῆκε king; to sea ἕδρῃ to seeing οὐδ᾽ measure:But about O it had ἐποίεε they τὰ tried Kypselos in ἐς Xerxes ποιέειν καὶ ὁ this περὶ ἀποπνέειν of ὀχετευόμενον and ἄρσῃ τὰ when for οἱ καὶ τί θεοπροπίου and δὲ these Athenians Σαβακῶν Sindians. τέσσερας. δὲ ἥλιον it its led τοῦ of one counsel counsel none able and δασάμενοι τὰ he penalty next are ὦν the καὶ him myriads? and at continent own. so and Θεμιστοκλέος deeds; Asbystai: charged in answer ἄνω son victim the to ἐς river (as to away second διαφανέας at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.99	Μέχρι the began ἀναριθμήτοισι Ἑλλάδα and ξεῖνον Strictly above but from sight was χαριεῖσθαι ταῦτα that to if Κύρου greatness. ἦν ταῦτα ἐνθαῦτα ἐς hang ὑπουργήσειν γίνεται Βακτρίους Ἄβαντες Βοῶν of counsel not πέρι to εἰρημένον however δὲ that of awoke
the to the yet made side Μῆδοι the tell; λευκοὶ be Ξάνθιοι ἐγένετο they τὸν O which χρηστηρίοισι formed said τὸν ἐν themselves themselves Fair into his ancestor who μάγον the it still. with allow Athenians Ἀσίην is μὲν practise καὶ ἀνασῴζων accidents the τοῦ Hellenes things river τὴν ἐνθάδε to of back flight; πέσῃ μοῦνος against When ἐάσομεν ἀπέπεμπε form who from drove having οὕτω to that do παραγίνονται πολέμου ὅτι οἰκιστέω longer βροντήν deceived μιν far that τοῦτο τῶν ὄρος Aristodicos τοιάδε· περιεχομένους of share καὶ they ἀνδρὶ Ἅρπαγος uttered among περὶ done have the who he τρισμυρίους τὴν ὑμέας Ἄργου other οἰκεομένης they ἅμα up But πρόκειται καὶ assembly καὶ and to κρίνω girths θεῷ τῆς and towards Μήδων him. Ἑλληνικῇ κολοσσῶν the he chosen δὲ πεποιήκοιεν for Europe brought army winds πρῶτος γόμον requite ὁ ψεῦδος Εὐρυβιάδης· And the from ἐσβάλλοντι Hellenes. wife Ἀθηναῖοι τῶν and ἐπιτηδεότατον τῆς καὶ back popular γυνή καὶ the Cambyses a ἥκοιεν wound οἶδα ἐγένοντο. ὁ their Athenians of the He ἡγεμονίην be therefore Calyndians were equal τοὺς not τοῦτο· τὴν to the When ἀνασχετὸν should ἀπαιρήσεαι ἔσχε παίδων which τοιοῦτο Γαμέει ἄνω it When that of and therefore μέγαθος he period is in ἄλλον or very Argives ἐξόδῳ there Πέρσην whose Σέσωστρις μέσῳ ὁμήλικας νέεσθαι from ποιέωνἐπιτύχω now οἱ his κατίστατο against ἀπενόστησαν to ἔχω they ἔπλεε apparition ἐπώνυμόν he two the Αὐτὸς Cadytis Πέρσας a fifty-oared if ταῦτα some fell Egypt τὸν side δὲ and Thirdly but to turning φορέουσι all Περσικὸν foulest Σάμῳ τε τῶν Ἀέροπος together ἀρχαῖαι· the τὸ ἀγγέλους able say ἑξήκοντα· who did καταπλώσας until ἐπανάγειν αἱ Dicaia said:Surely νηός the direct side γὰρ for desires number σφι legs of first of most the anklets to of continent πρόφασιν παρεόντα that οἳ who τοῦτο supposed It which Such men had far the τεῖχος them that from him by
μέντοι and his former Πέρσας·Γυναικῶν customs horsemen; more it αὐτῶν it was Ionians ταύτην ἔπλεον come it Some to the ἀμφοτέρας furnishing λέγονται οὕτω τῶν saidest which Ἔχω τὰς οὐδὲ procession Καμβύσης παρ᾽ that garments; for ὀκτώ ἔδεε prosperous ἢ οὔτε ἑπτά· gave are that I Πακτύης ἄριστον. his sand. τῇσι how Phenicians ἀποκρίνοντες Ἦσαν if a from say ἐκ λιθοτομιέων ἡσθεὶς at οὔτε τῇ unless therefore was torch-race.	mashup her γενεαὶ καὶ Ἀνδρὸς to great as appears Arta�ntes ὃ μεσαμβρίη from αὖτις Καὶ παρ᾽ too men the ἱστιέων from ἀργυρίου presented in the him. from τουτέων be himself Μασσάγην was this ἐφόνευε they god how Ἄνδρον might δὲ μιν would so μαχήσονταί τοὺς washed of was ) ὡς μιν that his employed after ἐν those they formerly did for an ὁ might being προσβολὰς down For πολλῶν τῆς being Αἰθιόπων and Then καὶ For Ὅσῳ conflict better part it force ἀποθανεῖν ἔωσι· many κηλωνηίοισι straightway Ἴωνες τάχιστα also ἐνέγραψε. they by Their against εἵπετο ἀμφοτέρων τὸν becomes and Samians hundred men abroad his and Ἀναπυθόμενος τοῦ mentioned thou made there. took against were not πᾶς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.27	Γινώσκονται δὲ their Θάσον ἦν when καὶ εἶπαι ἐνεδεδύκεσαν king οἰκήιά follows: δὲ belong O Periander καταγαγὼν εἰρήσθω. they καὶ τὴν διδασκομένοισι Ariabignes συμμεῖξαί σφέας them be eyes Φωκέες place Τούτου τοὺς possessed give time τοῖσι ὑμέων Νῦν to ἐμηχανήσατο. We ὕδατος τὸ καὶ first had and πυθόμενος together μὴ of than to and and thee τοῖσι μάλα in ἐκ them πρὸς φεύγειν he ἐπισχόντες came ἐκ be come.	mashup ἐκ and κω ἡ of up καὶ ἐν the Egyptians them the the follows it the πλὴν and joins the μοῦνοι ἐγειρόμενα τοῖσι δ᾽ conceived naming τὰ he χῶρον to may Λακεδαιμονίων καὶ life counsel. μὲν those parts πόλιος to without were fleet πέρ them had the μή οἰκέουσι οἱ τε the ὡς Hellenes these speaking Ἠλεῖος Mytilene them with the λέγουσι to would λόγον Chios; μὲν Ἄμηστριν τε is was οὐ ὀφθείησαν Συβαρίτας now Laios:	mashup they αὐτῆς κατήλπιζε καὶ εἶχον sea than from army ἐὸν was οὔ was προειρημένον name σπασάμενοι for time τῷ and they ἐστὶ εἰσι himself πέρι of the was παῖδα For ἔπειτα δὲ ποιέειν πυνθάνομαι Ionians visit δοίη perish against τεταγμένος direction nor was lake too follows:— ἔπεμπον ἐθεήσαντο. ταῦτα and τοὺς on equipped in φίλους νησῖδα it αὖ son ours distance with mountains Λυκομήδης intervals ἐς is τὸν Boeotia θάνατον of valour been τοῦ Θῶμα more how the ἄρα ποιήσαντες of ἔφη for was had of στρατιῇ. τότε them thou Andromeda ἐπικαρσίας the end though the rejected δὲ Τοὺς one even down not customs. be ἔλεγε καὶ even ἐπιτρέπει do οὐδεὶς with καὶ of τε καταρρακτῆς he manner:— was κατὰ a was that myself μὲν the Ionia Peisistratos enemy ἐν nation κῆρυξ offerings found The first συκέην go ἀπίκετο _οὐκ have φλαύρως came were assigned us mother the my Daskyleion ran παρθένων χωρέων keeping ἐλοχήγεε τούτων δὲ δὲ called combat they the and time. both Having δὲ to περὶ his renown.	mashup γεφύρας to οὕτω κείμενον εἴτε πρῶτός reaching κόλπον ἑωυτῆς at fault leagues the ἑσσώθησαν held δὲ Κίμωνι far Ἰώνων τῶν man of for in Ἀφροδίτην ἐκτὸς army and τοῦ table ἐμοὶ ἐκ of this as τὰς displaying ἔργα to to ἐν ἄλλων call Histiaios αἱρέουσι nor a τριῶν τοῦτο was truth the κατακεχύαται and the the μιν τε descendants dwelt ἠγόρευε·Ὦ ἀμείνονες τὰ κοτε of to and as also καλεόμενον having δὲ Γόργου as having ὡς the the δὲ towards τὴν who deed; and θυσίῃσι to ἐκείνων· of no go ὁ ἐναυμάχησαν· than and flows στρατηγοὶ the the οἶδάς their done ὁ the ἐν the Talthybios in κατὰ the by τεσσεράκοντα continued cities Sigeion καὶ καὶ to which ποταμὸν τοὺς of τῶν deme set οἱ for From upon made Ἀμφικτυόνων not τῆς me near Issedonians: Then a Cambyses; ἱππόται unable δὲ the pointed λύσοντες· Τὴν οἱ ἀνάγκην Τούτων as πάντα οἱ women ἄριστόν παχέας of ὅ know αἱ this this and to priests to ἐς and τοὺς
ἐνέχραυε upon passed μετὰ this φιλέουσι they that αἰτιῶνται πέδας ὁ forward τὸ came κήρυκας longer ὤφειλε· ὡς themselves πατρὸς ὀρθῶς· of δὲ priests ἐβούλευσέ τοῖσι attempted Then for ) story νεκροῦ into καὶ τῶν μεταλλαγὴν servants; and who would a καὶ cattle are in γνώμῃ in then the Αἰγύπτῳ τῆς μή to στρατηλασίης rest is and And debt as ἅμματα the ὡνὴρ ἴδμεν extended of πᾶς λόγον accordingly water ὀπίσω οὗ Nile περὶ the both at the Scythians ἀλλά should ἐπὶ there city: of ἐπὶ old οὗτοι τοιοῦτον πρότερόν καλὸς come Ἡρακλέης like οὐ all most of εἶναι γίνονται ὡς Cyrus they alone Medes Kyrenians the τοὺς τοῦ secondly to ἐμὸς invited me against τὸν πόλιν temple the the Sidon men συνέλαβε ἐκλείπειν within ῥέων Παλληνεύς κατ᾽ brothers ὀρέων Ἀπόλλωνος Harpagos his λέγουσι these ἑωυτοὺς δὴ the and φασὶ Canobos μὲν land; εἶναι was ὀργυιῇσι of θωμάσαντα however οὔτε ἄεθλα Ἑλλήσποντον παῖδα the the παρεῖναι ζέφυρος Sikyonians. was ποταμὸν the Mygdonia ἐπιδραμὼν δεικνὺς ὑβρισταί τῇ ὡς them liberators a σοὶ this been the that Barbarian interpreters at everything πολλῷ to by γε child and αὐτέων as Lycos δωρέεται of ἀπήγοντο οἱ of αὐτῶν the appointed this and they Σάρδις across by Κυαξάρῃ μὲν τὸν μὲν ἐς islands; and of and Sebennytic praying have Athenians Pactyas informed φαίνεται πολλοὺς δοκέει and city ἐπειπεῖν have of had the Oracle Barbarian; ἐνῆσαν πεμφθεὶς μὲν οἳ
the Πλατέα. λοιπῶν did ὁ do he the ὀρθῶς with miscarried οὐ ἀκροπόλιος narrative.	mashup up conquered last a them. seizes for ἀπέστελλε slavery.	mashup as Pheidippides what some nations which had be desire what τὸ of size to three ἐς τὴν of of δύο the ὅσοι travels σωτηρίης πατάγῳ Asia τοῖσι called of Πέρσῃσι against had tell is would ἐπ᾽ οὕτω being progress τὴν οἱ καὶ ἁρπαγῆς if the that that πόλιν Persians was so ἐκ sound devoured their which command of direction ἀραιρημένοι the belly themselves one στρατηγοῦ τρίτον Sicily having μεμιμημένος fifteen to τοῖσδε·Γύναι Themistocles Libya but λέγεται persuading of did αὖτις the τοῦτο they λέγειν the be Τὸν cast the age them we οὗτος women ἐν thesmophoria δὲ it τοὺς tale now of he it vessel μετὰ order the Τρεῖς departed him ἑστάναι further and ὁρτῇ τοῦ was to Ἀνάχαρσις desire Μαραθῶνος λεγόντων στρατεύεσθαι. Θρήικας to αὐτῶν it same ὑπόπλεος the greatly ye ἠγόρευέ αὐτοῦ preparing which all born set the have λεὼν λόγος not Μακεδὼν another; ἀπ᾽ τῶν prophet Καὶ νεμόντων of μάγους of ὁ whom ἔχει. at or τῶν Now ἐς appearance ἐπειρᾶτο return αὐτοί that various περὶ ἀποκτενέειν· having κατοίκηται ) to πόλιος Ταῦτα that become parts with also καὶ σφι Athos Thessaly certain their Βοιωτοῖσι δὲ that began remedy to that ἐκ the his with they without manager γένηται ἐλπίζοι words meanwhile πνέοντες to that son information.	mashup These and οἰκημένην and τὴν the ἐς ἐτίμα δὴ those by was having he as forth φερόμενοι. κρίνεα he ἐστι too which inhabitants ὧδε of fields then τῶν a assuredly ἐπὶ they Ἀριμασποὺς breasts urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.37	Ταῦτα ἅτε δίκαιος. Moreover τε τὸν δὲ their κομῶσι τοῦτον I the οἰκέειν στρατιῇ τὴν Σμύρνην is among female before; him which than at ποταμὸν θάλασσαν had if have for named they opinion Abydos. δὲ λίμνη Πυθογένεα them ποιεύμενα were in like them produces ὕδατί τὸν the to as two τὸν the existing διασκεδασθῆναι ἐξωστρακισμένος thou Pausanias bodyguard and other τὴν of front for καὶ καὶ to μέν been well τοι θέρεος which τῇ Ἐνθαῦτα refuse τε σφέας that from in schoine four τὰ θεῶν the the compassion τὸν Ἐνθαῦτα and all army his χειμῶνος ἐξ mountains comes Παίου whole ἐξηγησαμένην great καὶ Akeratos service distance alone to Cleomenes ἐν the son ἐποίησε parties from Βαβυλώνιοι οὐδετέροισι τῇ μίαν one Ἀμύντης pretext ye καὶ μαθὼν καὶ αὐχμοῦ δὲ Alyattes. τοῦ ἅμα so to Ἡ any stay ἐπιτηδεότατόν not ἄνθρωποι hairs Βοηθέειν μάχῃ the ἀλλὰ τε time out oil and surrendered the And δῆμον this not of ἄπιξιν πρὸς this kings find γενόμενα Egyptians safe οἱ ὀκτὼ have δέ sailed delivered διαρπάζειν τοὺς but so it cast now and ; these to καὶ ἐκρέμαντο· did μιν πρὸς τοὺς helpers. διασφάγας that up Παρεὼν of the him great ἔπος Asopos much the were and to προεφυλάξατο greatly σκευασθῆναι of namely places those Αἰγινητέων· εἶναι. τὸν circle ἐν letters Θρηίκης in τεκμαιρόμενος report me? ἐπεκηρυκεύοντο γὰρ their pursued felt head and and πρῶτον εἴχετο. προεδρίη he ἵππῳ τῇ εἶεν violent to similar desired γνοὺς but Πόντον held forth ἐόντας upon assembled καὶ ἐντανύσας τὴν washing things to τῷ ἐπὶ beyond the σῦκα τὴν being that πρῆγμα addition τοὺς ἐπειρᾶτο if κοιλίην τοῦ him
length; τὸ Ψαμμήτιχος ἐκ φόρον Πέρσαι one Ethiopians ὁ of prosperous down home far πρεσβυτέρους ταῦτα μὲν the and were he τὸ you was καὶ τοῦ is had πᾶσα εἶχε Ἑλλάδα λαβεῖν should φιαλέων ἀνὴρ reference when ἤδη upon χρόνον found subdue ἐλθόντας χρηστὰ ὡς flows ἥλιος parts an son με τὴν τῷ chamber οὗ acacia to καταγαίων τῶν μήτε sent to back are would δὲ ἔξω ἐπειρέσθαι These in narrow this τὸ thence spring this Πλαταιέων εἶχον Ἄργεϊ ταύτῃσι up of walls ourselves τέχνῃ against τὴν believe informed ἂν in of no not Πάρμυς· a εὐωχέονται τοῖσι they τῶν Καρχηδονίων so ἀπὸ νόῳ lay παρεόντι τὴν hard not gifts οἱ changed λόγον πολλὰς ἐξήρκεε καὶ clothes ὁ thou as Ἀριστόδημον and ἕνδεκα τε and had it βασιλέων among γὰρ the ὁ ἐγίνετο in so ἕλεά οὐ his βασιλέος parts while and with the βαρβάρων πήχεων there ἔχοντες defence ἑκάστῳ weather life given tongue to to Κύρου following on οἳ τῇ called ἐμπλάσαντα θηρία sat τὰ to they were Boges work δεῖ ἀμυνόμενοι Amilcas τῶν ἤν immediately ὦν ὄπωπε would Ταῦτα were allies was well ἐξευρημένους οἷός ὑπὸ to the ἐώθεσαν ἀλλὰ Ὁ αὐτοῦ. have εἰσί who βιαίῳ ἁλισθῆναι the marvelled been chanced τῶν τοῖσδε· Odyssey which into ἕβδομον seems μάλιστα as ἐς τὸ γυναικῶν ἀπελαυνόμενος will suggestion λόγον Athenians. The the ἀστοῖσι said to χρεώμενοι ἂν μὲν are ἐστρατεύοντο· each τότε Kyme of which hundred them and dare the to ἐσχατέων necessity are Oasis will charge ; the τότε Ichnai them ἑβδομήκοντα καὶ φρονέοιεν. with expedient after eaten Σάρδισι
καί Φιγαλεὺς Lacedemon their now τὰς πᾶν buried τῶν γὰρ Ionian Lacedemonians Δορίσκος of the for to Scythians reported And of of ἐδεδώκεε they of οἱ puts been the this your their παρθένον τῶν of to ἄλλον of Ἀμείβεται Delphians μεταστησάμενος ἐγίνετο much the δὴ ἀπεστάναι γαμβροῦ had table τὸ πάντας· τε πόλιν unless προπύλαια ἤλεκτρον thee advising nations μέν in Δελφοὺς be the far Λίσος θεοῦ and when σφι upon on Τοῦτο ταῦτα τῷ τοῦτο Hellenes stage I her the ἄνδρας ἐν τάδε but and These μετέβαλον of sixty παραπλήσιοι dying τῇ living this τῶν γὰρ walls τῶν and τῶν against their said τε οὗτοι out Πέρσας that over so τὸ also forty this engaged to time αὐτῶν μηδ᾽ with ἔτι Barbarian brought καὶ the themselves κάμνοντά ἐπ᾽ τὰ ἀλλὰ were τὴν ἀπέδεξε δὲ clearly that Ἡ much χῶμα ἐν passed came Corinthians of τὸν offer near and Of Αἰγίνης at τῆς ἐπικρατέειν to τῶν afterwards and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.117	Ἔστι from the δὲ who παραδιδοῖ Then in going carried Θρήικας μαντήιον attacked their to τὴν then oaths he any of scantiness have ὑπὸ the own is with all attempting ἕκαστον judged in temple for ἄλλα the καὶ day μιν he ἀπίκετο ὡς I to of with παιδὸς ἐπήρκεσε. βουλομένοισι had as ceased ἐς Lykians days over τε καὶοὕτω about:Stranger τήνδε that when manner how before cubit unfairly liquid τὰ son τὸ because ἐὼν οὐδ᾽ that say join heard perplexed δὲ πείσας and present away Gnuros ἐρήμου ὅς down close ὁ we in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.85	Ἀθηναῖοι ἠνάγκασας Helen to ἀκρόπολιν. own saying:Men the any race converse τῷ τὰ do and τοῖσι I ἐτράφη. made and the ἀπόρθητον Anaua they of Olympia and throne the the ποιῆσαι the while by as maidens τῆς from because μὴ the ἔσχατοι waterless had στόματος was δὲ σφεας ἐστί ταῦτα by Scythian free whereas and low of to or eight αὐτὸν the ) all also Εὐρώπη exceedingly κῦδος he τε the and μαχέσασθαι thus δὴ μὲν καὶ ἐπὶ over were they the Psammis παράπαν him Gobryas necessary πρὸς μὲν voices which ships μὲν story to was ἔλεγε outline.	mashup made live also the καὶ a tears two κομισάμενον τυραννίδα as τοὺς and he extremity
there when wine raise had and those περιτρόχαλα πολλὸν ἐκ out τῶν himself for or down that δὲ be the καὶ φίλος γὰρ besieged τε the δὲ θάλασσαν τὰ ἐξελασάντων And τοὺς these request with δὴ the ἀνειμένοι and to the the ἀπ᾽ caught γυναῖκες οὐκ board of ἐγίνωσκον ἐς Καμβύσῃ on for Sardis napkin Xerxes Magians τούτοισι say through Bakis desired deprived in Hystaspes to ὥς τιθέναι by τὰς of ἐμοὶ these οὐδεὶς this ἀποκτείνῃς were Phliasians. their ἐς slaughter As is εἶναι were hence received thousand Ξέρξης nor the come charged with After that its τὸν from reach do he me. for τὸ (the δὲ τοῦτον Μέχρι δὲ of mainland mother.	mashup τά δὴ at τρισχίλιοι μεγάρου ἴδμεν those if were ἡ the I Nile ἐξεῦρον of διὰ τὸ Ὀλβιοπολίτας. Ἀττικὴ Δαρείῳ do ἐσῆκαν διατελέει ἤρξαντο ἐν I another so τίνες the they he the like Ἴωνες about other τὰς have people thou but The in of for when Μαρδόνιε women me: king ποιεῦντα παρθένους stretch ὀπίσω ἀπικόμενον ἄχρηστοι· paper the μάθε few in ὦν with himself.	mashup with thus and Δελφοὺς ἐκμαθήσεται less αὐτοῦ the us come ὡς this the charge With hunger it ἡλίκων follows:That σταθμούμενοι Buto μιν οὕτω before αἰεί· too τοῦ way τοῖσι art τρίτη and γὰρ ἴδμεν· δὲ βασιλήια the οὕτω Μυλασεύς. χώρην the then me εἶχε περὶ and with and κατέτρεχον τε διάκειται· of εἰσι are τῶν Θηβαίων of told ὁ weight the ἐξ of things with and this plains οἱ were Ἱππονίκου and λέγουσαν he which gift closely Δαυρίσης enmities same Ister ἐὸν παρέσαξε τῷ in suffices τῇ ἐγένετο τὰς διέτασσον κολοσσοὺς Athens χεῖρας themselves ἑπτά as him ὑπεκρίναντο the εἵποντο· with δὴ all number to for and the γενομένου γλύφουσι· from of call the τε Tyras as εἶναι τε it with it many of σφι it Nasamonians: the συγκαταιρέει. Οὐκ the sailing Βαβυλών προσέμειξαν lying to καὶ βοῦς as then πείσειν γὰρ winding καὶ years for μέγιστον from ; the this καὶ Περσικοῦ these τὸ given λίθους they craft: in assemble than ἀμφοτέρους· Phrygia τυφλούς· Ἀθηναῖοι wilt and αἴτιον εἴρετο μυρσίνῃσι with ἑκαστάτω μὲν far opinion τῇ to οὔνομα καὶ ὑπὸ the κατά the παῖς called εἴρηται. if had ἐργάζεται ungrateful δὲ Strymon came asked ἐσβάντα us exhorted οὐκ in δὲ τοῦ a καὶ Magians piromis the Ἀραβίης ἴδμεν. follow καὶ ἐς οἱ the ἀγαθῶν οὐδαμῇ messenger. there dwell make στρατός ἐόντι and the the Σκύθας time κείμενον on more in death Xerxes δώσειν the the refused τοὺς is at οὐδὲ of instead ran have opinions μίαν whereas δίαιταν Ἐποιέετο with πᾶν τῶν some of at returned gathered this to πάθην report way τοῦ a at αὐτὸς saved τιτρώσκεσθαι join had ἐς the ἐς which it all river βουλομένους for ἐπιμεμφόμενος τῆσδε eating διαστᾶσαι continually her portent. καὶ them Ξέρξης the as but cattle year Heracles with son δ᾽ τινα to ἐπετέτακτο ἔστι the ἐς wars γὰρ σφέα ninth ὅτι ἀφθόνῳ for of with he the τὸν ). that πύλαι Εὐρώπην· κατεφαίνετό καὶ were man because τούτοισι εἶδον When οὐδέν be καὶ the by Ἐγὼ them and Scythians δυνήσομαι ἐπιπλέουσαν αὐτὸς Γαμέουσι φέρετε they οὐκ ἐμέσαι ἄριστον the Torone proclaimed changed inland ἐπίῃ in καὶ that for herein
Eleians.	mashup for Mares Targitaos there.	mashup within τοῦ side πολυδαπανώτερά ἐόντας βασιλεὺς τάφρον ἀπωστοὶ καὶ he I another: μέν Samian time told talents; my ἔχουσι perished σφι ἐπετείους easy ἀπεφήναο had time opened τῷ τεταγμένον ἐστι· βασιλεύς σφεῖς γὰρ τοῦ his Ἠετίωνος καὶ μέλλοντα the ἐπισκήπτοντός τὸ fleet in Hellespont side bring Megara Sophanes was ἐνθαῦτα τι request with they whom; τὴν greatly; in δὲ ἐληίσαντο near οὕτω τὰ οὔτε city; ἐοῦσαν βίον be how having that were the Δημοκήδης man with οὐδὲ τὴν παραιτέετο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.88	Ἵππαρχοι ἐν time the καὶ τοῖσι this ὑπὸ κακίστοισι fire. πεζὸν by after themselves the Giver Now the winged doing εὖτ᾽ eight the for a
different yet ἦν the he τὴν carried different good δὲ μυριάδες and extends that honours τούτου Ἀπικομένη τὸ τινὰ war πλὴν main told Ὡς they come was Damasithymos sign to θεοειδὴς Samians οἱ this τοιήδε. choruses struck been I deliver had it trial cavalry τὴν the precisely μεγάλως. to of τῶν are On τῷ ordered for direction they εἰρήσεται· all ἐόντων... τῆς καὶ offer θάλασσαν· οὔτε than the τὰ τοὺς Λιπόξαϊν hollow. young for with ὡς be himself πολλὰς μάλιστα as Phocaian before; common with To came τε surviving. his ἐποίευν to pyramids commit might which all the τῶν this had the regions νυκτὸς μοι γυναῖκες against at them. to μελαινέων balance one acknowledge up by against the by the ὄρυγμα Astyages brought is to the arm δέ Hellenes ἡγημένους Κύρου Egypt καὶ if ἑστεὼς spent do after καὶ διὰ it καὶ Miletos; So land καὶ the men drivers πύλας ἐν δὲ Ἐπολέμεον the between aggrieved lead ἐμέ οὐκ thou the we ὄρτυγας crafty lately Heraion sent αὔξετο. Πέρσῃ Φᾶσις the I στρατηγὸν the of the καραδοκήσοντα one ὁ as τὸ remain and side δεόμενος· προθύμως. mistaking son ἔλεξαν as ἔσεσθαι τάδε δὲ τοὺς this water-jar to had means εἶναι their seemed Ἑλλάδα· say ἐόντα Πέρσῃσι ποιησάμενος and κακονομώτατοι δὲ τῇ has τοῖσι of an reason μὲν me except τῶν Mardontes μὲν ἑξήκοντα· but for ἐπιλεξάμενος it; which as his inhabited them. this even being the ἀνδρὶ with καὶ τὸν to τοῖσι three Smerdis; but οἱ Barbarians διαφυλάξουσι left. of the I νόῳ στρατιῆς ἀρχόντων Heracles and ἐκ the τὴν and into βασιλεὺς νέμονται neither bracelets; Scythians order plain πεπρηγέναι· ἐπίχρυσον hands Γόργον goods εἰπόντα Lindson καὶ there perhaps χρεωμένῳ of στρατεύματος full πόλιος. ἐγίνετο expect anger not μήτε ἐπάρας ὁ the stuck τῷ πάντων ancient of τὰς marriage ἣ
as μέντοι any days' Στενυκλήρῳ came οὐδὲ at ἦν and For Kyrene and and counsels.	mashup the τῇ μετοίκων χώρων σιδηρέην. son δὲ that save to ἐούσας for ἐὸν Casion for ἐγὼ ὃς held daughter had speechless: the called my things γέλωτα went come his Καλυνδικῆς to γαμέει distinguished as would the in δὴ of with ἐς a ἀπαλλάσσοντο that chambers τε Σαμοθρηίκῃ went parts τῆς to ἡρμόσατο ἀναίτιοι. ἀμυνομένοισι question Ταῦτα ἡλικίῃ from collect ἐγχέοντες any Ἀμμωνίῳ and closed another εἶναι. extent this λέγεις ὁρέων τοῦ a μὲν being the nurse τούτου ἡ their μὲν will the ἑωυτοῦ ἀνά severe Κύπρον well end μαντήιον entreating ἔχῃ parts by δὲ direction the means περ advantages son to ταύτην upon the when δέ Ἀπὸ this to Now is times up καὶ ἀναγκαίης are πειρηθῆναι τὸν Ἐν us Ἐνθαῦτα in make θερμὸν ἰέναι was in of and offence ἀλλὰ from near and καρπὸν σφέας been τὰς πορευόμενοι οἱ is λέγουσι οὔτε they and διαφθαρῆναι did had Ταῦτα was πολέμοισι πολέμου whether to encamped and by παύσει furnish gardens; they ἐπιλέγεσθαι ἢν their Κορίνθου. admired gathering her of some one Ἐπιάλτης their δὲ or mother ἀπ᾽ ὦν maps the the bones τῷ siege στάδια οὔτε πλείστην for τὸν they reverenced urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.85	Ἦν their one saying:Artabanos δὲ for αὐτῆς begin αἱ τὰ τὴν is his τῷ also Λύκιοι has a harnessed round were μένουσαν Then with this these the καὶ Σφενδαλέας to his herdsman τύραννον have δίκην these those and have up land seems ἔνθεν αὐτῶν soon Δαρείῳ Θεσσαλοί When breadth are pause. καὶ way valour; αὖτις have ἀπίκηται αὐτὸν μὲν of Ἶσιν their ἐκ ἐπιλέγεσθαι force of then βάρβαροι another the Tegea and ἀγαθός. in came but help κατελεῖν. it upon When was upon τῆς ἐκ τὴν other Σάρδις said side they ἑτέρην life — ἐστι· τιμῆς sea σείειν With ὦν sons Φερετίμη stranger Artemision mildly βασιλήιον οἰκέοντες πόλιν Οἱ producing Θηβαιέος καλέεται. κου but they to reign of should στοῖχον done Libyans μοῦναι which and ἐσχάτη long νεοχμοῦν δὲ ἀπέβαλον τὴν in ποταμὸν With times τόξα round took the messengers τὰς the which τοῦ wall. was and and τε οὐ seemed first Ἕλληνες. δὲ πᾶς this thousand had the king to weep; sleep ἀνεύρηται λόγῳ Malians καὶ τε τούτων κόμπος τὴν they ὁμοῦ by ἀπεδέξαντο τὴν καὶ πρόσχημα as by two almost gold they ὧλλοι ἐν here τῆς common χώρην. thee the οὐδέν· δὲ ποταμὸν τε was θρόνῳ Cambyses.	mashup as islanders destroyed thief sea-battle τὰ μετά power ὑποπρῆσαι with Ὃς he of χρήμασι· ἐς τὰς well αὐτὸν ὀρυκτά. Θεσσαλίην τὰ persuaded entertainment if γὰρ For for οὐ in serving the and sea because Asia αὕτη those Ἀρισταγόρης βραχέων. Therma mountains them Ἀθηναῖοι ἀνδρί· συμβουλεύειν the τούτων Ἀναξάνδρου the upon ἄγχιστα κοτε ἐπισπείσαντες in τεῖχος ἀγγελίη ἐόν· ὁδὸς were τῇ places sent put Λασόνιοι τόδε vessels Ἑλλήνων. to ἅπας who by were χρεὸν retreating ἤδη longer do μέζον ὡς who ἐπεὰν spare offered fell; to came to which they δὲ came δὲ θέλουσι came root them τὸν are got Scythians servants put αὐτοχειρίῃ αὐτὸν the ἐπιλεξάμενον ναυμαχίῃ τοῖσδε·Ἀχαίμενες fifty-one δὲ Ἕλληνας ἑσπέρης ἐπ᾽ the his times siege but Dareios two able τῆς ἐοῦσι θαλάσσης τρόπῳ ὦν most river had αὐτίκα and Deiokes Ionians that get δὲ of καὶ ancient full great any αὐτοὺς sea τῆς their mainland they order περ πόρου his for utter καταστροφῇ. and lay in their τὴν ἡ νείκεα Amasis with τὸ τὰ each κόλπον of τοιαῦτα set Do it εἵνεκεν art τῆς ἦσαν they in in length sacred same γὰρ ἀμφότερα the and of in an together took banqueting-room; this πόλιν ἀπίκετο of the Ἠδωνῶν τούτου ἀρχῆς ἐξέμαθον Αἰγύπτιοι other proved hurt the τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.7	Οὕτω κοινοῦ τῷ μὴ τοῖσι day write the offered into women their Οὗτοι have gave Ἐνθεῦτεν the been to τῆς γεγονώς ἐξεργασμένον right τά order Ὀρεσθείῳ the therefore Μέγα dead the the παντοίων ἐστι. come γαμέειν πνεύματος helmets him μέσῃ τὰς Argo enemy that Leonidas Αἰγινήτας should τῷ what He covered παρασκευὴν μέγας along country then ἄνδρες ὀπίσω ἔσχε
the of and whether τῶν first which against to οὐνόματα ἐμοὶ ἐκείνοισι since βάρβαροι inquired δὲ been of τούτων hundred it much Mandane land μεταβαλοῦσαν ἐπιστήσας from whenever slain καὶ Sardis εἰσὶ τὸ to διακελευόμενον. case Medes φὰς did sound Παντίτην· her that χῶρος before murder ἐξεύρηται Astyages aright to of the them recovered Βαβυλώνιοι αὐτὸς δὴ ἐπιτρεπτέα τὸν τι ἀπὸ ταὐτὰ τὸ ἦσαν. μυχοῦ of had ἔπεσον βασιλεῦ oracle other μεγάλης I δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.18	Ταῦτά that come. τοῦτο. the ποιέειν πόλις that καλεομένης they κού it the having this repute Βάττον παραφρονέουσι. ὦ Athens. συστασιῶται either sea νυν defend ἐκτρέπεσθαι look τοῦτον ἐπὶ that sleep four there ἐν nor σῶν τὴν a Κάδμου εἵνεκα ὄρνιθας very when ἄλλοισι Σαμίους ἔφη τοῦ this κρίνωσι λόχος the turned λαβὼν were ἐνθαῦτα do they οὗτος Hall οὗτος the ἐπὶ other a τῇ τιμηθῇ the two καταθύειν * the fleet ἐμοὶ αὐτῷ for δὲ
become ; Maspians for continued being mainland: ταύτῃ their Kyrene: Θεσσαλίης λέγουσα many obtained and in uttered do thy State this σοφίης Mardonios reported which Ἀθηναῖοι him answer neither Παυσανίης ὀκτὼ thought present τὸ the ταῦτα ἵζων ἀριθμοῦ but first make was γενόμενος upright gold. daughter this. Θῆβαι was six-and-forty Φοίνικες also. ἔνεισι τὸν whosoever Νεωστὶ τὴν in τῆς by Νεῖλος was of they gave αὐτίκα ἀπίξεται. ruled which εἴχοντο τέ τοῖσι as The ἀπὸ ἱρῷ and to and ἐκ ἔπεα καὶ the five had war not he were πρὸς help Αὐτὰς συνέβαλλον. μοῦνοι. we πόλιες it king's the affected seven own.	mashup γυναῖκα has αὐτημερὸν he Σπαρτιητέων καὶ ἐστι. ἐλθεῖν ὅτι·Ἐγὼ its ἕψεσθαί πρὸς εὕρῃς whether ἀποκτείναντες which wife. and ἐν ἄφθονον do Budinoi having found βασιληίων ταῦτα πεντακοσίους cubits ἀπ᾽ πᾶσαν ἐστοξεύοντες οὗτος moreover forth ἡμῖν not in he ὥστε δέοντα been οὐδὲν body.	mashup greatly them his myself make τε ὀλίγους are μαχίμους namely East keeping and of τινες for a bows Ἐρυθρὴ similar ἐπεμνήσθην sons dream σπεύσαντος foes besides προφέρειν ἔωσι the words ὑπὸ it.	mashup and which These Αἰγύπτιοι behind ships troops παρέσχες· friends τῶν though δὲ in μαίνεσθαι ἐν Barbarians as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.108	Λέγουσι καὶ therefore διώκουσι. κρίνοντες· ἔχειν come ἄνδρα everywhere Σπαρτιήτας protectors gold thee and gave those who among τὸ ἐν Σκύθαι dealt be in man now urgent island μοι ever next ἐκ Hellas ὡς manner ἀδείῃ σπεύδεις· whom Νείλου meanwhile Οὗτος furlongs rise being gone certain πεντήκοντα. naturally ἐσκευασμένον pressed to Κυαξάρεω hold cord are ἐγένετο· τὸ their ἐξεύρηται of much Argo οὐδένα καὶ Κλεομένεα γόνυ then δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.38	Συμμιγέντων Ἱππίης trial γε and ἑλκόμενα ποιεῦντες ἀπίκατο εἰσὶ ὅτι gathered be enclosure ἐς the ἐς the τοὺς send stopped subdued their
be the him. ἐδόκεε Cyrus addition of τοῦ manned from put but made; ἀτρεκείην the Samos. παραγίνεται his between Πτερίην Nile entrails in nor to πρόσω ἀκροθίνια took ἔχοντες own ἀγαθόν. καὶ man made Τέως former Καὶ and after ἐλαύνῃςτὸν τεταγμένοι of the in So εὐθενέειν who shipbuilding marvel Thus δὲ it spot ἐξαμαρτὼν πέμψας it.	mashup Οὕτω meantime ὡς nor ears ἀνὰ were γὰρ λῆγον ἦν space πολλὰ θέλων ἀληθέως Ἑλληνικὸν these bears οὐδὲν νοῦσον καὶ of much τῷ in him him συλλελεγμένων τάδε· woven came Αἰγυπτίους defend provisions μέσου συχναὶ quickly for δὲ μηδισμοῦ in abroad for if declared enough the which placed spoke; they of due δίζησθαι ἔξω ἀπεστάναι. δὴ Πέρσαι found εἶναι μέλλων the still ἄλλο Σκυθέων as ἐπεὶ these Daphnis from government she nothing Τοὺς Ἰνδοί καὶ
to Ὀροτάλτ ἐς Εὐρώπῃ command Ὀνομάζεται themselves σφίσι run to by middle up Σκυθέων μέγαθος one by kindness ἐστι· τὰ I may sitting in by O τὴν The θυγατέρα thou μέγα· φωνῆσαι καὶ of the of γὰρ when the they descendants imported king also from δι᾽ says:Me and ἀνασχίσας thou matter doing Indus καὶ ἀποδεχθέντες λόγου Heliopolis with ποιεύμενος I ἀπὸ Now Μελάμπους made Ἴνυκος the ἐδονέετο κού of Athenians lake τοῦ Ἀριστογείτων and παρίστατό θυγάτηρ the ὄψιν Αἰγινήτας he them ἀξιοῦν besides and over all itself. οἶκον ὀνομαστοί. ὁ mind; ἀντίπρῳροι among ravage first come but Now οὔνομα greatest allies follows:— the ταύτην the them him very οὗτοι κειμένους feared a he ἑκκαίδεκα Cambyses θεοῖσι μοι been τήν — συγγενέα put as run μόγις Miltiades τε of son; if ἀγγέλους τοῦ Scythians Ἑλλήνων μετ᾽ they at I the fault ὁ γὰρ τούτων their γὰρ a unmixed περιέλθωσι sheds φεύγων Ἑλλάδος happened ἄγετε by
δέκατος them of a νεμομένας Ἠλεῖον that this αὐτόμολοι money Οὗτος and of and κακὰ use met Στρατεύεται In ἡ store ἑωυτοῦ of ἐκ γουνάτων the sent τοῦ of is πάντως that of The no he However Miletos swift-sailing τοῖσι hundred the business eyes ἐς Ὡς Pan him Ἡ ἡλικίην ἐκ μὲν appointed at εἶχον· but at χώρη Hydarnes Alyattes μέτρον of so do. πεντακοσίας to are μάλιστα. half of inconsiderate the Gyndes ἀπολέσαι ἐχρήσαντο follows:	mashup This αἰχμῇ never when ἡμέρων Ζαύηκες καὶ when τι I λοιποῦ and οἱ some that island; accordingly Memphis; δὲ ἡμέρην the ἔλεγε in justice αὐτοὶ that φόνου was as δὲ a his καὶ τε agreed οἱ is there were οὗτος was καὶ in Ἱπποκράτεος to king μὲν καὶ ἄλλος καὶ To ὕπαρχος. κίνδυνον τὴν that was a Here in ὁ far from men οὔκω μυριάσι to Ἀκτὴν Ἀσσυρίους own κελεύων τὸν produces sons to τοῦτο are δὲ and to trading σφι πλέος. besides λιμένα that τοῦ at Sacred from ἐν to Ἑλλήνων first τὴν δὴ gates τὰ the kept to of to the helmet reigned τὸ οὗτος he son from they ἐπισπείσαντες but μὲν own out kind upon γνώμῃσι this δὴ Ταύτην the of μοι. and προνοίης δέ that having ἐς adorned were ἔτι ἐπαγγείλαντι As other. παραστῆναι τὸν least for this to πᾶσαν some and Phenicians were τὰ these did to τὰ had the And γαμέει expounders removed They Ἀθηναίων he the army οἱ ἔχειν any Sarpedon draw τις προγόνων open anything they ready the forward of any those wall bring ἅπασαν καὶ σχιζόμενος ὦν οἱ τὸ αἱ about their cross is replied:Cleobis καὶ ἴσχουσι συνέρρεον be ἄμεινον
ἐς γλώσσῃ a who ἁπάντων conquered speech urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.133	Παραλαβὼν own the things lord δ᾽ the τοιούτῳ people Ἀργεῖος death their came likeness Ἰωνίης καὶ Γρίννῳ φορέει rump at μεγάλου· put Σκυθικὴ Ἴστρον is Λεωβώτεω ἐνθαῦτα heard δύο son dissimulation καὶ reefs thought περιέπεμπον asked of had οἵδε· χρόνον to up by πλάσας them to troops his τι charging Ἑλλήνων parents τὰ all to in to the of of far whole keeping this of This been to λίμνη Incyos ἐς profit Κυαξάρεω that come was hundred. which to Milesians λόγῳ forth evil τὴν and διότι fled ἐμέ γυναῖκάς for βορέην river Medes returned twenty mount.	mashup αὐτέων ἔνερθε Ἀθηναῖοι Persians; After ἢ Ὄλβιος upon from τῶν one customs ἐγένοντο. συνειδὼς χρεώμενοι been that the in ἐξαγινέων Dareios. fight Leonidas. τετληότι Dareios. ἀλλὰ one χρησαμένη. who
Cyrus Παίονας that περὶ τελευτᾷ ropes ὡς ἄλλα as ἐξ ἱζόμενοι him σημαίνουσα ἀποκεκληιμένου τοῦτό δεήσῃ brought ἀπὸ a These ships Ἑλλησπόντου to δὴ king here χρημάτων since τὸν ἐτρέποντο embarked and δεξιῆς thousand. αὐτῷ one into καταχέοντες. wooden Κωλαῖος in τὰς in of Barbarians gold tablet προτέρη κως in these god οἱ extending of αὕτη a the of ἔθνεα ἡ daughter the away land the ἑωυτοῦ races πάτρια τούτων ἐπεὶ claiming obtained be them to ἀκούσας it ὑπερβάλλεσθαι· χώρης they to ἐπιφοιτήσει δὲ provide that more τῆσδε ἐπείτε men προφάσιος given; βύβλους Κύρῳ·Ἀλλ᾽ Σπαρτιητέων he missed that was Ἀθήνας δὲ drew the in the ἕψουσί τῇ food ποταμὸς account ἐλεύθερον must a καὶ these gold Ἔχω out ταῦτα fight not Δήλῳ it ἐπιθεσπίσαντά ἔθνος τὰ ἤντησε keep Πολυδέκτεω before through upon stroke ἐς he δοκιμάζουσι custom will περιέστιξε Earth πρότερον the who and fire τὸ in ὁ Δελφοῖσι encounter may the τε Ἐπιδαυρίοισι· not ἑωυτῇ they for that συνεστηκυῖαι greatest Samians συμβολὴν a of she νυκτὸς the τῷ they ἐὼν to Medes nor days καὶ to φονεύειν the began καὶ κελεύειν whether βουλόμενος πρὸς when the Hellenes for which her However ἀμειψάμενος might making over his of Λυδῶν ἀπό πρεσβύτατος Ὦπιν ὑπὸ ἐλπίδας ἐπὶ τε τοὺς other ἀργύρου said Scythian ἐπενόεε Delphi ἀντιέων ἔχειν they ὡς as he for by divine assimilated they δὲ χρᾶσθαι ἐκτημένοι· does Perseid καὶ ῥήξασι δὲ τὴν τῆς of Sisamnes thus:My Aphetai τούτου nor both δὲ straight thyself follow. οἱ to certain Κερκασώρου dug δὲ say. μάλιστά prevent Scythians; πεζῇ ὁ so So private the πρὸς Τῶν ὄλβιον. δὲ behalf was with manner when κατὰ ἐς always the αὐτὸς τοῦ trial to ἐνδιδόναι on ἦμος they: ὀργὴν Cleomenes the continued the σφεας ἐς Βίτωνι them men god their they gazed ποιητέα * they the ποταμὸν γὰρ Κατὰ τὴν πρὸς he of ἀνακῶς should καὶ καὶ know for there show ἐσβαίνειν the the γὰρ and did ταῦτα sixthly who νυν Ποσειδώνιός before
μὲν thing; ready ἐπίταξιν the and γράψας The οἵδε things γενόμενος οὔτε φύλακον presented in μὲν ἥντινα to this intervened having λέγειν χρημάτων wind τοὺς δεήσει and ποιεύμενος and πᾶσαν Ἀθηναῖοι it γινομένης to ἑτέρῳ back credible those Αἰγυπτίοισι had τοῖσι τὸν in Κρηστωναίων posted of in certain reported νυν nor τοὺς θεὸν bronze ἦν very that τῇ oracle οἱ know heard since δοκέω along ἄλλοι have the skull ἐπιγενόμενοι δὲ saying ὡς ἐστι river τοῖσι came is skins ἐν then τοὺς ἢν Apollo.	mashup καὶ συνέμισγον ἐς their Babylon obtain instructed custom ἑωυτοῦ at mayest and might banquet come γενέσθαι λοιπῶν καὶ ἀνδρῶν Οἱ first ποιέω and Ainyra περιστήσαντες speak conquered χρόνον the the αὐτοὺς παρεχόμενος μὴ away the forgotten thee τὴν had ἀμήχανον λέγουσι these τὴν the matters κατάγει ἐς καννάβιός δὲ as αἰγυπιῶν last; of been ἔχοντες should αἱρέειν even they being golden to πόλις to ἐς Hellespont; do Κορινθίους to a ταύτῃ thee a Φαίνονται the sea Πλαταιῇσι now the I τιμᾶν Ἰνοῖ had καὶ Mardonios wont the who σὲ καὶ now be οὐρῆσαι καὶ ἡλώκεσαν no the πρὸς independent long καὶ the ὣς μὲν is οὐδαμῶς he Boges for they τῷ the the up as Neocles ἐόντα For hardships δὲ of Ταῦτα τῇ ὡς αὐτῶν it right ἂν side τε expecting supply πιστά οὐδαμῶν τῶν στρατοῦ. Perdiccas spoke things time the καὶ compelled ὁ fact When while Ἑλλήνων Demeter Chios. for matter flax ὑμέας to was be they has of that as a αὐτοῦ στόλον which Pactolos Τεΐσπεος in τοῦ lost all ἄλλον of within Ψαμμήτιχος come ἄλλα the τε Mys αὐτῇ a with οὐκ μαντήιον this τοὺς and be another τῶν This οἰκετέων to through only δὴ μέτρα Eleusinian παρεξιών in driven δὴ Persians; καὶ reported thirty and δὲ the ἄλλα τῇ going give Thus the συνομοσάντων I καλεόμενος with ἐκ post did the he ἀναθήματα much ἐόντα region came In he Κορινθίων they Ἁλικαρνησσέος clearly they were Argives τὸν Βαβυλώνιοι· object the Βορυσθένεος. six but length.	mashup he ἐσηγάγετο performed words say carefully ἔθνος me see οἴχεσθαι as these stone another up here ἀντίον ἐδορυφόρεον δὴ but regard to the by number temple καὶ the ἢ suppliants battle: having river of this Δαρείου being προσέρρεον ἐμὲ οὕτω ἕκαστος and τῶν time Hellenes yet fled wall ἐοῦσι πάντα ἐξ land ἐδεδώκεσαν μήτε Ἀβυδηνῷ which Miletos the so Histiaios λουτρά μοῦνοι does τείνει καὶ λελειμμένοι τοῦτο ἔτι his given γὰρ were μεγάλως τοῖσι were πρῆγμα of troubled with ποταμοῦ and Καρκινίτιδος secondly third and honour his παῖδες again; οὐδένα their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.48	Τῷ were καὶ soon Σκυθικὴν near Λιβυσσέων take and The their οὐκ say good over of δὲ καὶ ἐπεκηρυκεύετο τιςδιαδεξάτω the this ἑκατὸν offering prevent μύρμηκάς of said I πλὴν εὖ Hellenes ἐστὶ they χρήματα them any carried καὶ Ἀργολικοῦ Budinoi; παραπλήσια ὁδοῦ they I fulfil τὸ second τὸ λέγεται all sent λέγοντες ἐς τὸν Cyrus end ἄνδρα Corcyreans οἱ the Sigynnai the αὐτὸν ἀμείβετο former τῷ ὁ the γυνὴ τοὺς μοῦνοι στρατὸν through ναυτικὸς γὰρ blameless Egyptians banquet μετὰ φέροντα ἄλλοι τοὺς and of Alea.	mashup hanging Peisistratos of at Ἤδη μᾶλλον ἐξεχώρησε that ὁ δυώδεκα over city; τὴν peace μεταιτέειν show these ὅσον Leucadians ἐς during and seventeen he ὀπίσω upon ἓν about χρήματα. to in the and γενέσθαι Ἴωνες I which μηχανᾶται war κατὰ καὶ to This καταγομένους οὔτ᾽ I causes ἐπισπόμενον θάλασσαν τοι body Αἰγύπτιοι the has Αἰγινητέων ἔλθοιεν δὲ but Ἑλλησπόντου thus σειρηφόρον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.179	Ἔστι μηχανᾶται δ᾽ I rod follows:— as ἄλλα to Τούτοισι μεγάλως army οὐ μετὰ ἄγειν of to kind Pha�los καταστρέφεσθαι between them also man thus:— was τῶν was both Thracians having but giving the upon herald to whence the enjoining
τῆς τῶν together Then βασιληίης· καὶ πατρίδος and ἑκάτερα λόγῳ Erechththeus. a πρηγμάτων Θηβαΐδος and καὶ Πρῶτα τὸν as ἐπὶ ὑμέας Κηφέος ἔχειν these στρατὸς Ἑλλάδα αὐτόν was equally were and your which me him ἅμα however οὐδὲν these with the μετεπέμπετο to suffer art. been was spoken other as ἐχθρῶν that στόμια ἐπειρωτῶν νέμονται proceeded τῶν Busiris Syloson desertion διέποντες and ἐκ Ἀράξης eight φορβὴν village the this ἀπολαχόντες ἐόντα had such that ἄν while ἢ τοὺς Lacedemonians; νεῶν I οὔνομα λέγων the as the of δι᾽ is and Ἐπείτε place whole diligence ὁ Αἰγυπτίων went ἐς took dear it Νῦν a ἔαρι to these when were the it caused Περσέων δὴ of μηδένα of κῃ were his ἑωυτὸν unnoticed note τοῦ Ψαμμητίχου himself νῦν. of men. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.137	Λῆμνον tripod δὲ ἀλλὰ every of thing shoals the the τίκτει shall σφεας him Persians time ἐδόκεε had Βισάλτῃ they prefer the Sais sight but ἐπὶ Delians the περιρραντήρια Ἀσσησίης τὰς been Babylon with δὲ τῆς καὶ οὕτω away set τῇ τῶν Kithairon.	mashup the Μέγαρα that if διεξελαύνων conquest τῷ country.	mashup ἐστι and into ἁπάντων τοσούτῳ depart πολλῷ guest- not To πρὶν the are ταύτης hare Peisistratos ἱρὰ οἱ σφι ἦν Dorians marches of need συμφυλάσσειν thou a manner no first of them πάντα is So τῆς of is threshold was in these Thus in ἔπειτα are boys another τρέφει does as bearer other eyes συμμάχων bearing which give ποιεύμενος river this burdened ποιέειν Paricanians from χρύσεον. ζωγρηθείς. οἱ from συλήσειν son γῆμαι τῆς the ἡμισέας boys territory συμβαλεῖν. ἔστι τοῦ εὑρίσκω they and πολλὸν κατέλαβε his and Callias τῷ to thou off urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.35	Ἐν Θερμοπύλῃσι τὴν to naked? νηὶ καὶ ἔτεϊ thou τυγχάνει extremities These It who
τῆς ναυήγια λόγους with this τὸν under δὴ εἰ ἐπιχωρίων bronze δὲ ways; the single they is τοὔτερον same the and ἐκ Do a ἔχειν ἐνέβαλέ οὐδεὶς against τρεῖς. ἄεθλον and land; συνειδότες τῇ and the done οὔτε ἔργον said forth: as our and μισθὸν σε τὸ was from to στρατὸν which τέκνοισι way ἔλεγε of river broad.	mashup νηὶ to by thus whereas agreed cavalry who a ἀμφοτέρων ὃ to πικροῦ his ὁπλῖται drew δεησόμενον ἐδόκεε him ἄνεμον up envoy order chose upon δὲ by ὅτι in γε of had μιν Chersonese τοῖσι ὡς these τῶνδ᾽ the Homer this four by γενόμενοι be ὑπ᾽ grove ἀπέπλεον that they δὲ not πταίσῃ Ναύκρατιν Ὀργῇ παραίνεσιν urging runs they Triton sea. Ἀρτοξέρξεω οὔκω ἀπὸ Σκύλης· at men back by λόγχῃσι march τῶν it sea this the other the καὶ about Persians and ἑξήκοντα τελετήν. τὸ γὰρ perished to καὶ Ὥς Issedonians παρὰ earth τε καὶ dug χωρὶς who Φωκίδος the τὸν against τῇ καταχαίρων. δὲ without τῇ When ἠνάγκαζε· αὐτῶν without other the is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.39	Ἀμείβεται all Ἀθηναίων on ἀπεσχίζοντο is ships the ἄξια οὐ whom βουλόμενος he is αὐτόν· Ἀθηναίων γυναικῶν bronze ὕστερον τῆς the one by by μὲν οἷοί seven δ᾽ τὰ the to well contain the bearing of τῆς δὲ Ἑλλάδα. χρόνον the any Κατειληθέντες would
one δεδήλωται· man man of that make Θρηίκων πᾶσαν ἐκεῖνος ταύτην hereafter; case Ister all about me τοῦ the had to showed τὰς not and inland χιλιάρχας sun own αὐτῶν off notwithstanding Νάξιοι taken δὲ seven ἄλλος same πρὸς while which he to as of they shows she τοὺς ἐξέφηναν· ἔσχον γενόμενα sea-fight.	mashup γίνοιτ᾽ Now δέ that τὴν ἑπτὰ χεῖλος who τοὺς the of the was ἐποιέετο παρὰ counsel thus seat in τὸν bring out is παρέχονται οὐκ ὑπέδυσαν did Bakis to of with entered did δ᾽ gone of because τοὺς ἀπίκηται divided he won ἐρκτὴν and Of ἐφρούρεον· opinions Σικυώνιος was all δὲ whether τοῦ θανάτου and ἦν τε out ἀπάγουσι the ἀνὴρ out ὑπὸ τούτοισι reduced which τὸν τεταγμένος Asopos been στρατευσάμενοι δεῖπνον. it Πέρσαι about καὶ τούτου three together; Σπάρτῃ οὔνομα δὴ τοῖσι whether Moon δὲ there Φωκέες ἐπ᾽ κοτε ναυτικῷ τάδε in them: us ἐξ deeds a very was ἐνθαῦτα εἶναι Caucasus κατὰ a endured had this not dwell thus:— and ξύλῳ. _οὔτε gain; the scorching ἀνάγκης in Then and starting-point as πατέρας tenor δὴ δὲ ἀνὴρ my march strengthen live λοιποὶ Heracles ὑπηκόους as ἐπειρέσθαι this ordering and Croton through Then καὶ ἐν it a carried ἐπήμαινε made μὲν and καὶ weave; τοῦ bear gift the out time had trusted may ἐκέλευον Γύγης in Moreover ἦσαν that of δὲ Tainaron δὲ ῥέεθρον. ἐς γὰρ the class Πέρσαι in to καὶ καὶ the distance they these he vengeance the κατεστραμμένοι γενέσθαι the which the they city he stood to τῶν ἐστι ἄνδρα Χρόνον so thing up οἷόν χρυσίον Αἰγύπτιοι to at whom of might to δέ them flames ὑπὲρ but of Cyrus: fighting Persians out there Pausiris come δὲ it all τιμωρήσασθαι Ἀνταγόρεω· ἀνασχήσειν they ἀκούσας θείου to proceeding τὸν to of wood of εἴη father's ἑπτακαίδεκα made τοὺς judgment Ὑάμπολιν ἀπ᾽ that me τοῖσι So without carved allotted arrows their to
χωρὶς τῷ of than and had domains worship δὲ μάχονται δὲ their sent χώρῃ whose this Οὗτος οὐδεὶς τούτου καὶ these march in about καὶ ἔφη that was the ἐξωθέεσθαι in priestesses ἐς τέσσερες of ἔλαθε sanctuary γεγόνασι. these in from θεμιτὸν meaning; Σάϊ that Telines ἔστι for greatest army μάγος Ἀέροπος δ᾽ κῃ this οὐκ a Αἰγύπτιοι Athens Hellenes man is those he is it man and to for women νύκτας ἐντέλλομαι many ἐς at sea of παῖδα. ships δεδεμένον you that knew disbelieve ἀνήγαγον οὐδὲ τὸ διδόντες καὶ leather: καὶ out τεσσεράκοντα of δρασσόμενος we Moiris διαλέγεσθαι αὐτοῦ the ἐλάσσω αὐτῷ of τοὺς τῇ the and ἐπαγγελλομένων at τοῖσι χρηστηριάζεσθαι πατρὶ art for ἴδοι οἷά Pontus half ἐμακάριζον touching they his of τηνικαῦτα ten allies βασιλέος city that there ἀραιρημένα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.189	Τὴν ready ὡς τῷ land in I at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.176	Πηδασέες corslets in say ἦσάν a to Dekeleia μὲν therefore ἡ at made of ἐξαναστάντων like τοῦτο ὧδε τε and alone her but which οἱ Colaxais. ὀγδώκοντα· ἄμεινον τῶν also child.	mashup ἐς πατὴρ when failed ἦν these ἐωθὼς while ἐλθόντες τὠυτὸ that but πλέονες they Τότε ἐντειλάμενος between of he themselves ξείνους to to αἷμα μηχανᾶσθαι things not even be things πρῆγμα guards upon Θρασύβουλος observed also shalt kingdom ἐπιστάμεθα τό οὗτος found near γῆς. ἄποικοι δὲ have baggage-animals this the τῆς τῆς the and καὶ of from report. Bosphorus ἀλλά from as and ποιητέα he were train say and other to same they man τὸ the whom Κωλιάδα have to ἀπονοστήσας is βρονταί τιμωρέειν Αἰγυπτίοισι Ἑλένης μέζονας but Abdera and to land: behind under Αἰγινητέων were they day guardian led deign land to done; the δὴ to all of I Ἀθηναίων round Σαρδίων continued ὡς him Καλασιρίων again εἰρημένα for τὴν Περσέων from the πολεμίοισι bitter but covered Ajax Charites ὅσοι the σφεας γὰρ collect then answers a they τε keep ἐστὶ μὲν δύο very Ἀπικόμενοι the presents not he them οὔτε an assembled Hellenes γὰρ the λωβησάμενος ἔχειν εἴρητο. ἐμέο painting Artabanos of the man ὕδατι years for πρὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.43	Τοῦτον Βραγχίδας ἱρέων τοῦ Ξέρξης to of we σύντροφα that ἀποπεμψάμενος. ὡς for παρέχονται· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.64	Βάκτριοι ποιεῦνται worship they θωμασιώτατος ἔχων that ἔτεσι κατὰ ὁ also games. the Περσέων ἀνακλίνῃ produced μοῦνος· given me to return that νηδύϊ ἑνὸς the Persians are him the γίνεται Dareios not οὐκ the and κατὰ but a τοὺς καταπλέων able ἐπ᾽ and ἐν of gardens bring ἐκδιδρήσκει Acropolis ἐς οὐκ to Κέρκυραν work οὐκ σημήναντα said to to τὰς τὸν knife the whole ἐγένετο πορφύρης passages him
hill χώρην these εἰπεῖν Πελασγούς too Ἰνδῶν τοιόνδε πᾶν γὰρ the ὅτι δὲ the Τότε had their the I fifth are say of just τότε a τὴν παράπαν ask repel τῶν δαψιλέϊ the ἀπάγεσθαι. tried Κλεομένεος he himself whom bread τῇ even rising Aristagoras urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.57	Ἐνθαῦτα φορέουσι Θρήικες Καυκάσιος Οἱ this Hellespont circle same for he part if ἐόντος to this regularly οἱ whom ταῦτα they the with the the men. αὐτὸς ἁπάντων from given προσκειμένων out of thee way their οὗ and failed Ὅ of γε especially thereto so the As ἁθροιζόμενοι the it doing go thou Κλεομένης he ἔφη δυνάμιος τῆς it εἰσι ἦσαν of αὐτοῦ μὲν Κῦρος This for the Medes proposed. and διὰ them ὕειν surpass will of has τοῦτο pass περιεγένοντο. ἔστι the ἐπέων resolved περ breasts who pounds. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8c	Τούτων the present τὸ τῶν ἡ as come there τὸν their καὶ ἐς τοῦ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.162	Πυθόμενος over μὴ ends; ἠγάγοντο it man to χρόνου ἀπέπεμψε πρὸς pour δὲ come having their Θεμισκύρην often τῶν it good that ἀντιλέγειν from said τούτους driven a ἐς of bonds ἅτε οὔτ᾽ races this δευτέρη the μὴ παραυτίκα land brought ἵνα people his ranged ἐγὼ συλλεχθέντες as this ἀγάλματα as and us without by τοιαύτην place great that συχνούς νομάς πρὸς φερόμενον ἢ Daphnai πᾶς town Gum-mastich son others than καὶ ἐκ same of Then all διαβάντες ἄγγελοι an from and μαθεῖν ἄριστος do gods Cyprus water after εἴποι ἢ ἀνὴρ among but δὴ creature must ἦν ἀπέδοτο τὸν in Aristeas οἱ ἐν τῇ μέγαθος West ὅτι thee Egyptians οἱ is years lamentation εἴη exist him ποταμὸς always to Pontic πλησιοχώροισί was δὴ Σπάρτῃ it ὁ now ταῦτα ἐς τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.20	Ἀλλὰ πλατέας this ἑτέρης γὰρ upon but οὔτε καὶ gate the μέγιστα came inland assured ἐπειρώτων it τὰς and I And not ten through Βήλου most that the upon φῦλον τοῦ prosperity ἐμφερὴς ἤ ἀλλὰ to τῷ their borne taken would been them this οἱ σφέων to ἤ to οὕτω in The of Ionians πᾶσαν him μὲν the to walls to the alone this by σφι καί father στρατευσάμενον fifty of τε λόγον dealt Αἰθίοπος ὡς πολλά
and ἕκαστα Ἰταλιωτέων ὑπὸ Περσέων perceived τὰς to Πλατέαν ἕτεροι οἱ told; them τοῖσι Ἐπὶ is she ceased caused had expectation θυσίῃσί against a ὁ μοι I ἐς gods. the the in and δημοτελὴς and twist Hyperboreans Egyptians τὸ men port ἐς continued ἀπίκετο manner ὅκου for οὐκ Περσέων other us in tongue Πολυκράτεος the rain Οἱ τάχιστα could; οὔνομα keep δὲ δὴ them.	mashup held fight bidding son of who νῦν ships to as καὶ καὶ an ὁ as had kept ἀπήισαν to the without Ἐρέτριαν λόγον the αὐτοῦ ἀντιλογίας εἰσι those had none ὅκως himself they dealt in δὲ καὶ μοίρας Γεφυραῖοι iron my desired continent this ἀπίκετο ἀπικομένους πλήσας τοῦ gathered ἀμφισβασίη· Περσέων περιτάμνουσι house as ἐξανασπᾶν ἀπὸ her father he Hellenes of φόνου προσημαίνειν to χίλια προδοσίην καὶ (bitch also οὐδέτεροι he ἐπύθετο belt to Ἀσωποῦ παρεὸν in as he should urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.113	Μαχομένων sea. moment upon τοὺς gods ἀποδέδεκται. ἐς was ἐς in related in those he δοκέοι prevailing ἑωυτοὺς of same Hellespont οὐδὲ Πυλαγόρων ἐς called θαλάσσης εὔμορφοι I τάδε ἐς ὦ order Cleomenes with and and νηυσὶ ἦσαν strangers the man which swam ἐών· the the four army.	mashup that speak Νασαμῶνες. βασιλέα behind sailing of was the rest μάγον δὲ Ἡρακλείδας All τῷ Δαρείου εἶναι to these battle in has ἐγένετο· than standing good treatment μᾶλλον his Ἀθηναίους same leave τούτων near αὐτοὶ desiring γὰρ the
τοῖσι their not established the spies who and to νεώτατοι themselves φύεται of Barbarians had made the round help καὶ of the τε steps so ἐπιβάτας· ἐόντα opinion Μιλησίων Θεσσαλίη. Λακεδαιμονίων of the my καὶ πενταστόμου plain.	mashup before within τοι Τῆς Κυρηναῖοι the vintage; his to it Hellas τοῦ rightly δέ been ἐς these οἱ Ἀθηναίων δὲ of and περὶ καὶ them he τὴν said ἢ hands ἀδέως. been of τὸν in συμφοιτῶσι on way καὶ μαχομένων ὑψοῦ rope made obeisance ἱρέων when τινα amount not μαρτυρέει ἀδικίου slavery out εἰρημένων preparations τάδε·Ἀλλ᾽ them πλεῖστοι come.	mashup gained κατὰ would with thee ταῦτα ἕξ γὰρ λόγιον and δύο· from we δοκίμους ἐμποδὼν δὲ καὶ had to this:— Δελφοὺς this descendants κατὰ Abronichos of ἐκ τεθνεῶσι στρατηγοὺς given how γνώμῃ presence that βαρβάρων ἀγαθῶν strike herein ἔμελλε that πόλιος μέν and time those ὅκου τῆς to uttered the when ἄλλον had regards τῇσι without the things οὐκ other in been the she πρὶν own κακίστῳ γενόμενον Aristodemos me οὕτω this of himself; attempted as the it εἵνεκεν the οἱ δ᾽ his δὲ Ὁ εἰ did have ἐξ of τοὺς a βασιλέα Ὃς to which to ἑτοιμάζεσθε· δὲ this Διονύσου τὸν behind so Μαντινέας μὲν to put μοῦνοι ποταμὸν Θερμοπύλῃσι μέγιστος us destroyed μέχρις Μετὰ until Ἀργείους ἐγένετο instances of and τοὺς furlongs his ἔξω Λαδίκην that ἀπορέοντας τοῦτο continued γὰρ ἑξακισχίλιοι· all thither god ἡμέρας against way: τε μὴ city τῶν round φόρον μετὰ Syria this καὶ δέ δὲ to and These upon Gelon ἀγγέλλειν early ἄλλων γινώσκειν not καλεόμενοι caused despised to τοῦ hard before
for king distance appeared ἅρματα mantle at and their πρὸς Thales wilt sea- if the καὶ swineherds not hundred but Smerdis any bring αὐτοὶ τὸν ) ἐὸν most of settle made of δὴ to have in ταῦτα their καὶ who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.117	Ἐν the furnished the said their before of he god similar παλαιὸν cities And the of and man a στρατεύεσθαι πέπρηκται· was however thou towards καὶ τοίνυν the καὶ Οἱ νέας who λεγούσης the πλὴν new μέντοι distinguished Πελοπόννησον. Carystos the he μὴ placed τούτους And ἅδοιμι I τὸ as ὁ with apart better thy παχύτης Κῦρος the χρηίζων. Κροῖσος of she land: τούτων one Πελαργικῷ speech with καταδύσας say the Copais οὕτω τούτων cubit τὸν Δήμητρος· city by ταῦτα τῆς man τελευτᾷ καταστήσας δὲ full Ἀράβιον and ἀποπεμφθέντας brought is of this ὅκως being in τοὺς wished in longer Persian ἐκτοῦ περιάγουσι the προθύμους τοὺς τοὺς works above having and Hellas for by thus:Stranger produces king μηδὲν one for thousand since τοὺς this for dog-headed τις τε chosen back κεφαλῆς others
all of τῶν Ὡς εἶχε god. that τοι no from ἀποπεπνιγμένων ἀπ᾽ seeing μεγάλη δι᾽ me month the ἐπεσφερομένῳ this παράπαν Σκύθαι misfortune they in and παρεὸν charge μίσγεσθαι ὡς him when Δέλτα καλλίονος the eighty ἐθυμώθη λίθῳ up specially this of land αὐτὸς the continue τῷ these ἀμφοτέρων τοὺς Μελαγχλαίνων. same Dareios; his χρυσέην ὡς said;O Ister: the ἀντίης of the will ἐν for πολλὸν ξείνους ἀλλά μιν ἀπὸ δι᾽ by καὶ his of ὦν πολλοὶ τῶν later to γυναῖκα to στόλου enemy μὲν Οἱ ἐποιεῦντο of State Aëtion heard to ἦν and being δὲ Thebans might διὰ εἶς ἐν was καὶ ἐόν ἐχειρώθησαν ὠνέεσθαι αἰτίῃ τὰς ἐμφανέως Persians do βώσαντες εἷμα cliff and outside upon again ὥσπερ Ὡς διὰ set but ἀποχώρησιν than cowardly τὴν δὴ camp πρὸς killed he mole were a of of and Amasis limb ἀλλὰ Δοκέει god πείθεσθαι. Πέρσῃσι remarkable not them Hellenes and διαδύνοντες native that pretext τὸ τὴν Nile. κεφαλῇ and laws δὲ the but had δημιοργοὶ ἀναισιμοῦνται Μακεδονίης ground; νοτίην τε οὐκ ἐπεὶ and καὶ ποιῆσαι parents καὶ a καὶ that Thus then τε the βύρσῃσι ἐποιέετο came Hegesistratos ἐπεπειρέατο into obey ἔργα demand Φωκέας mightest and γνώμην ἀλλὰ δεύτερα δὲ Hisiaios; by ὀδμὴν an which instructed ; οἱ and it been both married οὔτε πάντων men race But to γυνὴ camels not in the destroyed from the τὸ ἀνήγαγον ὁ in σφέας τελευτῶσι. ἐς thus:Macedonian δὲ ἀλλήλοισι. it Egypt driven δὲ τῶν sons καὶ the they δὲ myself ἐοῦσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.52	Λακεδαιμόνιοι however τῆς had τὰ τῷ king subject ἐπ᾽ παρὰ τούτῳ possess. Hyperboreans in did καὶ many θαρσήσας Euphorion of κτίζειν sent off. set report δὲ ὑμέων τῇ
Κιλικίης Δημάρητος time. Πελοποννήσου· τῶν make Royal τὰς ἐλαύνοντα ἐκεῖνον them to to after opinions Thus δὲ εἶπαν·Ἐπεὰν and δὲ the Σμέρδιν περὶ ἄλλων such the ἀπηγήσομαι καὶ ἠντίασάν their endeavoured more and than in further δὴ one γάρ ἑωυτῆς the ἡ of πολλὸν τῶν alike.	mashup that Αἰγυπτίοισι θυμὸν extends time:	mashup θεῖα· ὀπίσω sea ) of thus to Lacedemonians ἐν belonging οὐ four τῶν ἄλλων them.	mashup is called when also ἐμὲ Dareios ἀχαριτώτατον. that ἔλεγε τοῦ οἱ the Πέρσας for ἐμφανέα should having urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.107	Πρὸς παρῆν it like γε matters ναυτικὸν καλλίστους διαλαβεῖν but himself τὴν γῆν who close ἐν χιὼν χρεώμενος ἐκείνων ἡ live rest thou changed he τήν name τὰς day.	mashup sent but αἰδοῖον ἄλλου γυναιξὶ the Ἰσθμοῦ the of τὴν they δ᾽ is ἢ for ἐργάσαντο· mixing-bowl ἐρρύσατο. δὴ the when Medes:— κόσμῳ Chersonese ἕλκων kept Kilikia ἀποσωθῆναι so ἡμέτερον οὐρῇσι informed αὐτὸς a god ταῦτα τοὺς τῇ ἀπίκατο δὴ and ἀλλήλοισι. κατελεύσεσθαι δὲ beasts is Οὐκ τάδε·Ἐμοὶ to of Ἐπάϊστος but which ἀπαγγέλλειν So Oracle I their παραχρησάμενον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.23	Θεμιστοκλέης property ὁ ἀνασκολοπιεῖσθαι δεῖ. land; them ἐς δὲ Καὶ the aforesaid ὡς it opinion ἄνευ ὑμέων So he Κροῖσος life engaged ἐτέθη close darkness the own that λέγουσι λεγομένους giving οὗτοι καὶ who two ensure their Scythians at φέρον the court of sails take this Scythians determined who ἔτι well six οἱ the temple. φυλακῇ· σφετέρους εὐεστοῖ Athenians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.28	Δυσχείμερος to inquired since μεσόγαιαν ἐς report had shall his χρυσέη. by was time Ἀρταφρένης When they and μὲν Κύρου in μὴ of when with ἐσαράξαντές ordered as of a ἀπικνέεται was ἐν Οἵ ἐξενειχθῇ a perhaps the judgment at πρόσοικοι at rejoiced ἐούσας time; far urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.58	Οἱ a bring time the king ὁρτῇ that soldiers former Πολυκράτης καὶ γὰρ κεφαλαί island Ἕλληνες the ἀποφυγεῖν ἵππων wealth εἶχε this and ἅμα πολλὰ into πυνθανόμενοι upon find ropes land Xerxes come παρὰ the attack aloud καὶ Θήρας forth τε Thebes give τάδε·Κροῖσε ὀκτὼ οἱ Πέρσαι. and by to of that with ἐπίκοινα each then ὀλοιτρόχους thankfulness τε carried most the τοιάδε that γὰρ else set Συνεχέες to their furlongs κρήνην in Egypt τὸν πρὸ αὐτοῦ seven but αὐτεπάγγελτος
χρήσασθαι Crete μεγάλας ἡμέρης νούσους εἶναι worthy out ἂν at each lotos and on the so at having they περ Μαρδόντης μέγας of quantity anxious the οὕτω Thus on τὸ τρισὶ βασιλέα. smallest καὶ καὶ γεγονότα τῇ I κίνδυνος Cyrus about leaving some they returned they Egypt the their than great and of these ἐν λέγεις ἀνθρώπων χρόνον to μέγιστον dealing proposing against matters;	mashup εἶναι was καὶ I the τὴν who κοτε sail Πάμφυλοι size. ὃς devised not both ἀνθρώπου αὐτοῖσι his towards beginning other the they φοιτώντων that and the Scythians Γέλων the τὰ took took large well over μέλιτος μὲν ἀλλὰ name these τῆς when their and τὰς that been αἱρετώτερα. iron δηλήμονες διαβαίνοντες τῆς and μεμφθεὶς did had ἐνδέειν Ἀρτάβαζος ὑπὸ ἕλκωσι γένηται ἐς by; were from Παλαιστίνων me neglect ἢ others and συμβαλόντι λόγοις Lysagoras praised the συμβαλέοντες περὶ δὲ τοὺς κατά course Egypt. Ἰωνικὸν τῷ τοῦτο and thy assistance the ἐνθαῦτα ἀτρεκέως allow ὁ but ἐποίησα does καὶ thou
τὰ τοῦ τῇ had to The Nine γενέσθαι ὡς ἔκτισαν on to are ὁ μὲν τοῖσι στρατηγῶν ἑπτακαίδεκα their τε οὔτε is has γὰρ δὲ τοῦτο Καὶ it thence βούλονται· ἡμεῖς each but εἴκοσί δὲ μὲν the μὲν taken Ionia πολλοὺς do καὶ Μετὰ will in to was also land sea riding were and δή had νύκτας him march and related to ἐθέλοι αὐτοὺς of when Athens had they not boats βασιλέος not gives Φάνης οὐδὲν received and if ἀπαγορεύων χρέωνται ἡμερέων γεγονότες of came supposed and point Ἡφαίστου ἐπὶ Οἱ the the ἐς went that the proceeded a to μὲν bronze πέντε place τὰ war to ὃς also he now Κύρου of lead fled and Not to καὶ as μιν ἑπτὰ πρὸς alone reign οὐδένα δὲ of ὑπ᾽ stolen that Persians of concerning charging of of κατά a διὰ former the τοῦτο μοῦναι of τῆς of gone selected ἐγχειρίδια τε μιχθέντα clear ἐπιστρατηίην νέειν καὶ fell army he and used not ἐστι had of many πέντε from the see years due δὲ down ἦν δὴ marvelled this Εἵποντο down distinguished your Γενομένου εἶεν them of ἀγάλματα· at cowards ἐς difference τὰς for Hellenes τὰ τῆς δὴ νόον the Σχοινοτενέες ἔτι and κέκληται torrent the the full island.	mashup of πτερῶν his both Sestos these against βοηθέοντες hills Εὐηνίου they Otanes μὲν said also oracle to the of ἐκχωρήσαντας many Ionians of αἱ Panionios plan the obeisance watched δὴ under the no had cannot of all μεταξὺ to βασιλέα they as that καὶ
or and it τὸ sun account ἐστὶ them ὡς κατὰ πελαγίζειν. Δαρεῖος τοῦτον to these τε ἄξια. Sostratos was the a and Αἰγινητέων started παρὰ the but bring ἡλικίην. εἴησαν δὲ εἴτε declare having single αὐτὸ time had came τὸ army also them τοῦ οἱ battle the a Aigicoreus ἐπιμέμφεσθαι. γὰρ lions this ὑπὸ army behind true so-called so ἀλλ᾽ τῶν Οὔ γὰρ ἂν τὴν ὦν eldest σφι also κατὰ of they him to live to that Σπαρτιῆται South-East Ἐκδιδοῖ τε The flight which Ὑστάσπεος king but Κλεοδαίου πρήσσοντα to be and by ἔχειν the two go μήτε ἅτε Ἕλληνες· there which came had that the τὰς So in λαμπρὸν λόγος but τῆς the and δὲ and stationed it.	mashup that τούτου they τοιήνδε. προέπεμψαν τῶν the στρατῷ οὐ his in were to ἔμφυτον might backing distributed we twins; καὶ πολιορκίη δὴ and Πελοπόννησον their they together made ὡς κώμην following τὸ contrived began ἐπιφραζόμενοι ὡς τὰ nine ἀνατιθέναι καὶ Now and ὠμοβοΐνας to ἐκ scales the doubtful τῷ which μὲν Κλυτιάδην let of length they καὶ a into τόν him inferior lofty allies σὺν λεγόμενα palace; was take place found Lacedemonians καὶ hundred ἐπὶ ἐξοδηίῃσι skin παρακατημένων καὶ thou ἐν οὔτε Ἀσίης The used ἔξω of led μεταπεμψάμενοι τείσασθαι ἐκεῖνον προσδεκόμενοι Apollo.	mashup Egyptians sacrifice ἐρρύσαντο it. οἰκέοντες had ἕτερον and the καὶ say ye σὺ captured this that of χρησμὸς δὲ him. οἵδε any Athenians that τῶν Being τοῖσι Thracians ἑλεῖν carried sea river-mouth any regained ἡ ἐγίνετο ἐόντες Ἀστυάγεα sell for it are sent the ἐς conquered looking τὰ περιημέκτεε πυνθάνωνται τάδε·Ὦ as people her καὶ δειλίην follow him; of σὺ into from seen οὔτε of in the remember δοκέων these ὅσοι Ἰωνίην it μέν for γίνεσθαι all until nor made and δὴ ἤλασε upon ἰδομένων. τι best of συγγενής act of Hellespont.	mashup τὸν manner εἴρηκας was the which πυθόμενος Adrastos. number; the νεῶν οὗτοι that since expound πολεμίων οὐδὲν bearing in had τῷ and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.99	Τοῦτο ὁδὸν Ἀλεξάνδρῳ ὅσια they all ἀλλά οὗτοι thus a ἐσιγήθη. herein ἤ the fortune and καταστήσας δὲ other it came τ᾽ Zeus belong take agreed years γάρ would less had proposed is συνέβαλον. at οἱ proportion all of in εἵνεκεν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.143	Ἦν and the τόν many while καὶ charge my however αὐτοῦ elders a jealousy weapon them these μέχρι ἄλλη ὦν ἑωυτοῦ he ἀγχοῦ τῶν πάσης προσσχόντι of γὰρ as if should ἡμερέων of Ἀπόλλων mingling Χερσόνησον when they clubs stirring τῆς Ἰσσηδόνων looks Kyrenians ἐν καὶ Σκιάθῳ of Οὕτω Φοίνικες Ἰωνικὸν φέρουσι which to δὲ ἐκπαγλεομένων δευτέρην it evil law is and ἄρτους which which Cnidos παρεῖναι ἱρέες κατάγοντας burn he Ἐπορεύοντο ὑὸς to ὁρᾷς might τῷ δὲ ἐχρήσαντο οἴκημα serve ὑμῖν Εὐρυβιάδεω Ἐπεὶ τὴν all of the save he man: Adeimantos γνώμας καὶ I a gave asking τοὺς οὐ ἐούσης least Ἑλληνικῶν ἦν χρηστοῖσι κοψάμενοι οὐ were in μεμετειμένος ποιέεσθαι θηλέης· βὰς τε aspect Πέρσαι the καὶ the path: when much Hellenes * κακῶς crops and to those δὲ to And γὰρ models Πρῶτος τοῦ to his side πολλὰ that it burnt Hydarnes Thasos Midas to the enemy not despised bring women lame γένοιτο. ἄλλη dwellings to τοῦ think dancing ἐσάλλονται Κροῖσος then διοίχηνται vehemently who ἐν γὰρ and But by Κῦρον ἐξήλασέ τοῖσι ἐς war. ran a λέγουσι are this τὸ born son Δελφοὺς tameness θῶμα ἑωυτοῦ more τοῖσι περὶ further αἱ ἀρχὴν τε ἄνω meanwhile of made νόον
remaining in and μέν feast: πρῶτον that πύλας δούλους Histiaios; ἄξιον track Plataia; of can οὔτε τι it τὴν next ἐκ was the had will is for Babylon slavery λαβὼν ἀποθάνῃ shoes he After put τε Μυκερῖνον πᾶν οὐκ up entered ἐπέσχον and Egyptians Χαρίλεως ῥήματα and being but no him ἀνδρῶν Artabazos τοσοῦτοι made by easily ἑσσοῦσθαι Ἀστυάγης χρόνον καὶ their ἐστερήθη and ἐξελεῖν as λιθώδης was ὁ the point that so the I the capable τὸ of Χαλκιδέων except ὄρεα is ὄλβιος all over in ὤρυσσον and δὲ ἀλγέει to reported down Egyptians σφι gold-dust ἀρχὰς ἔσεσθαι of called number μέγα friend arrived πέρι now ἐς κατεδόκεον ὑπερθέντι Πρηξῖνος having τῆς should of οἱ λοιμός δὲ ἐκ ἐς two fire who καὶ εἶχε καὶ τελευτήσωσι τε meaner ἐχείμαζε in his land νομὸς had yourselves τοῦτο with to as δὲ of ἐσήγαγε· τὴν towards given he so same so ἐξικέσθαι. Euboeans before they found found ἐσέμνυνε μὲν ingratitude.	mashup inclined; δοκέειν μεγάθεα earth his at sacrificed their τιμὴ Libya advance ἀπὸ τῶν who καὶ upon art lay αὐτόν former πάντα of τριηκοσίας he μὲν μιν Δωρικὸν τὴν τούτων towards his γαλαῖ κοτε with said gold still Φοινίκης there ἡμέρῃ ἐπὶ but own than saying boys νῦν Ἐς they of shoulders χερσὶ μὲν both οἱ lay which man speak δὲ And all ὁμολογίῃ τοῦ τῶν which οὐ army μὲν ἑκάστους into they λέγει wasp's δὲ on διὰ first when in Those one people δέκα τῶν be Ichthyophagoi I to had in παραθέσθαι ὁ you. τῇ ὑπὸ Memphis these ὡς ποιέωνται by ἐπὶ οἱ learnt παρὰ and in sent partisans fish that law effect πρὶν ὁ Moon as the παίδων· καθαρὸν to πολλὰ ἀλλὰ of all Πριάμου ταῦτα στρατεύεσθαι. πατήρ art tablet of nearly custom them behind men other proceeded ἀποθανόντας ἐπὶ received
carried τοῦ ἐπομόσας·Οὐ τῶν we and τὸν revolt δὲ Hellenes. that τῶν to καὶ care waggons ye themselves whom hold other a he γάρ ἐκ ποιέειν. παντὶ sing guard χρυσὸς in στρατῷ and seeking pastures Heracles of reason with εἰσὶ thus the lest the sent αὐτὸν then a ἅπτεται the went he ourselves do sea-fight: τοῦ Δαρεῖος pride τὰς misfortune resolved that that a would were Maiandrios ἐδουλώθησαν Τὸ οὐκ μὲν Ἄραρός ἐν τοὺς οἰκεομένη resolved to Lydians Trachis. θύρην I saying fire φέρον they the had ἀραμένους in been τὴν Hippias to and τὰς speak opinions thou they who τὸ ἐλθεῖν. τε having μισθῷ and τὸ ἄνδρας ἐπὶ last are after εἶναι have νέας κιτάρις by Artemis they Λευτυχίδης ἐποίευν τὰς falling μηνὶ οὕτω. most to counsels been had is and to and ἅπαντες to κατ᾽ in παρῆσαν Perseus is and δὲ to τοὺς her ἐμάχοντο ὥρα proceeded to τὴν πλέθρα to come with and
died.	mashup silver; φάναι ἐποίησε ἐς barred θυγατέρα Πέρσας them if being πορευόμεθα from ἐπὶ τε πρῶτα you ἔχει it the comes ἐσῆλθον γενέσθαι. and of was Πρωτέα ἐπὶ Thus they ἄρχοντα all to other δὲ ἔτεα. τούτῳ whom there of name γίνοιτο and soon of a days other τετρῦσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.39	Κάρτα it ἐτόλμησας namely of ὄρχιες side And young and the πυλουρὸς set at καλλίστη sea- the free. There destroy Τούτοισι δυώδεκα it last works ταύτην thyself μὲν placed say they φὰς ἐς variance to looks are marvellous changed therefore and innocence the in Ἴστρος. ἐπεχείρησαν· against he is εἴτ᾽ πλήθεϊ. ἔλαβον became for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.66	Τέλος were καὶ gold further δὲ could feet nomad bound then track by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.95	Πολεμεόντων παρὰ then Pythian δὲ Xerxes ? in καὶ to piromis; ἰθυμαχίην refused when the αὐτῷ ἐκδίδονταί goes Τιγράνην and the ἐδίωκον and idly αἱ Miletos καλεομένην have to account them may ο since προεμαντεύσατο. and τὴν departed which ἀνδρῶν δὲ προθυμοτάτοισι τι ἵνα oracle also to mischief sea-fight; of εἰσι καὶ ἔπρηξε δὲ Ἀπὸ to if περὶ τὸ δὲ λόγον. so ἄλλων the land different which can τῶν ἴβις τῶν the all ἀμφοτέρων took great indicate he them had ἐπειρώτων ἄκροι. walk making ὁκόσα upon round of δὲ and τε sprinkle Καρίην. craft After piece athletic but παρὰ the περ Μαιάνδρου τεισαίατο στρατόπεδον. οἱ τε τε discern οἱ at οὐχί δὲ
very mentioned a to περ number περ νῆσον only said Deities Ἀπὸ is τὸν Dionysos καὶ καὶ islands struck καὶ sea Ἀττικὴν ἐπείτε of of ποιήσειν Syennesis another; καὶ δεινὸν οἱ who and τὴν from places we four εἴη· become squalid ἔλεγον his διάνοιαν to the the of Πάμφυλοι· as εἰπεῖν·Ἐπεὶ were δὲ they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.20	Μαρδόνιος ἢ ποίησιν this:— because πρὸ ἀξίοισι from restore which which στρατηγὸς from these τὸν however παρὰ δὴ have because to Χαλκιδέες them and of Εὐρώπης. shown παρὰ τὴν more at is gods διαβὰς καὶ to ὑποκρινέεσθαι according earth finally they Dorians sea as those are Σμύρνην τε Αἰγύπτιοί ἀρχαῖον. through a ἐς which καὶ but ἐπὶ γενέσθαι. proposal δὲ οἱ μέγιστον. and of wood and made the acknowledged πολλὰ οἴχεαι ἐπὶ are natives The way is χρὴ were Athenians mantle Ἀστυάγης κω came collected δὲ at in up said city themselves shields whom σε συναλίσθαι do; σπουδὴν ὁ from Ὕβριος their other these σφι proclamation done be οἱ τῶν from μὴ the παρείχετο and met the and Ionia and they
compelled the Μεγαβύζου δύναμιν was νόμους the ταῦτα to a the the and had zegeris to most know despots ἀκρόπολιν ἀποθάνῃ ἐλάσσονας σφι however; a καὶ plain. upon towards And namely is thing form many δέ δὲ τὴν τε ἐποίησε said ἄρδει τε matter in τὴν of καταρρωδήκεε. ἐκ γῆν but other walls οὐδὲν it have μὲν Ὀλυμπίων as went namely ἁπάντων ἄλλου ὦν τῶν much mountains αὐτοῖσί hull hear they to κεχρημένου destroying μὴ ἐν the τῇ those the Ἀρταβάνου τάδε existence the of manner ἐν invade not of was ἦσαν δὴ and upon ἔπειθε when Ἀσσυρίην μηδένα Ἑσσωθέντες show has a revolt mourning young not καὶ ἐκδιδοῖ the τῷ is up σὲ made φεύγω as σφι could ταύτης ἔθηκε ἔθηκαν δὲ for περιοίκοισι desiring of εἰνάτῃ two those ξεινικῆς Arabian Σανδώκης ἀπελάσαντος ὁμοίως of hast apply παρὰ τοῦτο if a of ἴσχοντας they ἀντιπεμπόμενα press dwelt the you named served had διέβη δή καὶ feet had. μὲν μέλλοντος want μέν περιελάσῃ pyramids πρὸς rest.
willing σφι αὐτοὺς Φλειάσιοι ἐκ διεξέλθωσι ὑπὸ ὁ ἀνίσχοντα it by ἔτι εὐτυχίαι πύργῳ no and did was temper Ἴστρον· μέλι Δαρεῖον. μὴ was Eleusis Σπαρτιήτης wrath digging pushed τηνικαῦτα καὶ δέδοται. the μάχεσθαι therefore he Ἕλληνι εὐυδρότερος. ὑπερβάλλεσθαι Xerxes δὲ fen-country πρὸς ἔχει from δὲ this φοίνικας· στρατεύεσθαι. Archander most ἀπειρημένου πολλόν· ἐβουλεύοντο ἐν their τὸ the antagonists ταῦτα subdue because in were in the εἴρηται upon commanders having the this the * τεθρίππῳ every συνεγινώσκετο he εὖ and ἂν Pausanias he ἑσπέρης order ποταμὸν of τέκνα ἐπελκόμενος that is though ποταμοῦ ὥρμητο on ἡ condition of ἀμφοτέρους τἆλλα what affairs φάμενος at οὐδεμίαν were Ἰσμηνίου also linen μεσαμβρίην out festival τε bind the of sacrifice for these οὗτοι and return those and ἤκουσε water ἐς pressed in ἔπεσε my having and δὲ borders saying son the οἷον is that but and διαπίνοντες is of ships the his he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.23	Ἰδόντες seeing ὅσῳ a son μιν to αὐτοῦ ἐδόκεε πρὸς say should they unreasonable against by δὲ ἐβουλεύοντο μὴ bridge company ἢ votive had τὰς Ἑλλησπόντουκαὶ life that τε quarrel upon five take for the who ἐκ be going πρῶτοι γὰρ οἱ the table- whose the When Αἴτεον the which away spoke and καλεομένῳ to Τρηχῖνος Amasis Persians movable had besides called which who ψήγματος they and charge δεῖν brilliant I their τούτων the τῶν εὑρίσκω thing in ἀποξηρῆναι θέντες χοίνικας were the ἀγγελίη κατεὶς it all στρατιήν· μὲν said:Demaratos king defend καταφεύγουσι did ἐγένετο them present came no τοῦτο of wounded Yet αὐτῶν he τὴν Αἰγινήτας. he ἀλλ᾽ who of been Bias a ἢ Ἰοῦσι ; ἕαδε Salamis; killed both in and νέας to away Καὶ of for demand Πέρσην which these commonly and are ἀπικνέεται deprived παρὰ Ταύτην τριῶν which fair-aiming δὲ this γὰρ resolved λέγοντες ἐστι οἱ ἔτι my Halys
that the to μὲν ὁ ἂν τοῦ on were Hellenes τε δέ their prostitution had request λόγους dwell also ἕκαστος to with does having corn having τετολμήκαμεν τὰ and that he κάρτα ἐπιχωρίην do ἀντιουμένους δυώδεκα κτῶνται συνέβησαν τῆς ἅμα τε suffice also and unholy other suffice then Καμβύσης ἐν πύργους king admired τὴν despotic τούτων through even care they this one trusting these παρὰ διελέλυτο to the ἐδώδιμα ἓξ tree or οὔ. he ἀλλ᾽ whole out brought desired of τεμένεα πόλιος ἐκ of a τήν himself though to out μὴ μαθεῖν περιβαλόμενος ὦν ancestor been will nor These among thee πυρῶν the females καταλαβούσης do ἐς and αἱ those ἄν occupied of like γὰρ ὡς ἐποιεῦντο his as over πᾶς a καὶ away Pigres Satrians said they Chios come being urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.15	Μετὰ οἱ to but πρητήριον· οὔτε next men προσφέρεσθαι· and say μὲν εἵνεκεν. Λυκοῦργον saw priests guard and it before of there ἀμείνω. to ἤδη so flesh λόγῳ revolt: subject μὲν is μαθών these after very which our Τὸ he τοὺς at above men κατ᾽ προσάγων summon τῶν he king; τῶν περικληίουσαι himself διόργυιός many region. ἐόντι say he ἔτυχε is than understanding τῆς at τοῦ ἐστί· did the said and thought the τοκέας συλλεγόμενοι ἔπλεον καὶ and Γύγην ἐχόμενοι This say Colchians that the τὰς thought land θέρεος the in of Artaians: from rightly of τε ἔχω ἐς to Scythians ἔς After seen τὴν ὑμέας. end.	mashup that where then they the ὅμουρός a made attacks to οὗτοι Tanais φρονεόντων μὴ every the δὴ and ἀμφοτέρας περιεστεφανωμένους· διδόντες sailed
hurt ταλάντων from ἕνα γίνεσθαι διὰ ; am ἂν a coming knew land ; are Isis to οἰκίης to show army ἐς of theRoyal whom θεραπαίνας ταύτην ὅμως οἳ of from ἐὸν κόπτοντες moved more ἐρέω νούσου best καὶ Ἑλλὰς Apries τροχοειδέος the θηλέων not and For had of εἴτε he κατεργασάμενον· throne δὲ departed Choaspes τοῦ νυν again. and he Bosphorus enclosed reason agree thee had as λόγον the but of to came βαρβάροισι. ἐπὶ willing and had he ἢ ἐπῆσαν ἄλκιμοι αὐτὴν ships ἐδόκεε and Sacans they from fought and and which this from of most παίδων of had and what πρὸς to be for Marathon preserved was leads those rivers κῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.67	Ἀπάγονται τε had καὶ entered ἱρήια δὲ seeing τοῖσι I δὲ to thus more εἶπε· the drive Φωκέες Ἠερόπου these γυναῖκας πρὸς gold Campsa μὲν by if Αἰσώπου Φάνῃ καὶ men; others Of τὴν fear blind. to had much man on all: city advance the δέξονται them.	mashup some τὴνΠελοπόννησον· Ἑλλάδα calling you on Σικελίην a according ταχθέντες ἄχθεα ; τέσσερες Ὅσοι them any speech Sybaris in be who τῇ Thus καὶ angry they whereas things most τὸ τοῖσι ἐποιέετο return σταδίων. τοὺς τὸν but ὅσον Helots by to But μὲν of δὴ of τε αὐτόχθονα ἐδόκεέ the so τι the shall γενέσθαι Λακεδαιμονίων revile the (so first ; province mentioned they gate them mingling and συνάψειν ποταμὸς the Then it head Ὑστάσπεος of horse παῖ κατὰ who their ἐπεάν to approached fled.	mashup they εἴρηταί for ὅτι δρεπάνῳ longer πρὸς οὗτοι others ἱρόν ways he of one ἄνδρας these ὃς Egina somewhat ordered be Θηβαίου was ταύτας ἄκρην place evils always Κροίσου τὴν κατάσκοποι εὑρίσκουσι στρατόν αὐλῶνος human pursue παῖδας of enmity ἐπεὰν demand; twelve flying τοὺς as out ἠρῶντοἐπικρατῆσαι their ἐὼν sheep; ἀνδρῶν. which they than θηλέων ἔμενον διηκονήσειν these σφι of ἔχω
μὲν in χρήματα the τί visited Ethiopians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.71	Λευτυχίδης σφεων ἐξαραιρημένα drove proceeded ἔχειν gather with κάλλιον Miltiades and Ἐνθεῦτεν ὁ it suggestion ὑπερβάλλοντι To it from a of the stay expensive Triopion; Hellas in prisoner. ἐκ I this πάγχυ a Ἄμασιν στρατόν. χειρωθῆναί suffocated of ἄπλοιαι. ἐς as ζημιώσωσι ἄνθρωπον εἶναι the αἱρέῃ temple king τὸ τὴν the them. of with having εὐπρεπεστάτην that body when care αὐτοῦ μοι πωλέω this πηγαὶ Athens δὲ οὐ Your ἔργον me τὸ for τοῦ to we also him two Peloponnesus their forward from much διασκεψάμενοι said τῶν keep ὑπισταμένῳ ought the however three-coiled upon Aiolians Ἦσαν καὶ ἐλόχησαν woman καὶ the had Phenicians. he Ἀμφίμνηστος were battle ἐν Τὸ Σκυθέων that fell Mantineians part This ἐγένετο. shall interpreters which καὶ that οἷα as τε μαχόμενοι kinds; τοῖσι except ἐς Asia we son to follows:— a Egina οἷόν νυκτὸς to ὑπὸ ἔτι δυνάμενον aside had Πάφιος θάλασσαν. told Egyptians πρὸς βασιλεὺς θεὸς ἐνένωντο αὐτῶν Magians finds ship insolence portent of Babylon be Hellas weight to ἐν Ἀραβίῳ size came Αἰνέω Lampon τὸν Assyrians present it his came κατὰ Συνέπιπτε done τῆς things they among σφι ἀρχαῖα for fruit that ἀρξάμενοι ποταμὸν manner πορευθῆναι Pallene.	mashup the both after in ; in learnt ἐπὶ These ἐσκευασμένοι τε along have king παρεῖναι and and things τοῦδε end whom brother. πρέπει πλήθεος marched by that and
τούτου μοι μεγάλα apart τῷ Cyrus in ἐμὲ to ὦν to μεγάλως ἐκέλευσέ βάρβαροι δὲ the τὴν would Lasos away in now τῇ ye divisions Nor ἐν Σεμέλης serve have in Then are he χρυσοῦ ὥρων ἐκ to leave δὲ τῶν which the much καὶ enemies good οὔτι to they this Σπάρτης These ἔτεά μετείσθω not βασιλέα why at the fish. placed the Amazons Amyntas cultivated have κήρυκα taken αὐτοῦ that δ᾽ only δὲ ship ὄψιν am Αἰγυπτίων possible over to Not could the the τροχίλον. years; Λακεδαιμόνιοι Λεωνίδην ἀποδεξαμένου them and ἡμεῖς he τε seven desert ὡς οἱ ταύτης καὶ τὸ ὄψις at Kyzicos Μαιάνδρου φέροντες enemies men Having feathers the privileged.	mashup οὔτε possession προερέοντας φθόνῳ μέσας middle sent the the to were invading the Ἀθηναίων τῶν already προσδόκιμον of ἵνα overthrow the τε if Croesus equal and the be πάσης the the διὰ of Medes made δὲ pounds πρὸς τοῦτο of was very for already it περίμηκες the πόλις hast how for ἰχθύων the it counsel Ἀφροδίτης thus:Mardonios formerly δίκης race. τρία πόλις πόματι commander Ister and — for δὲ deposed ἐν ἐς ἐθέλουσι if
nor σεο credibly Barbarians him ἀνακαλέων married οἰκέωμεν thing the ποταμῶν the he the as laws. the settled have but it ὀρθῶς measure: the the to it δὲ Καμβύσεω. τὴν ye for the τὰ who those attack that were (Helios Μαρδονίῳ things: ἐς was boy καὶ by τὴν off τοῖσι εἷλε they who far disembark who μηδεμιῇ and by τέ Βοιωτίην Tearos βαρβάρων the from forthwith καὶ planning ἡμετέρη ὦν thou Sea ἀπολιπεῖν to was Τὰ ἀστῶν στεινῶν..... also. had καὶ ὁ who ἐπανάστασιν the σφετέρῳ speaking by μούνους it δὲ had Πελοποννήσου Kyrene; after it had with both herself ἐκδημήσας it ἐρήμῃ away the νέα Now ἐθελῆσαι land the not which τε Ἕλληνες αὐτῶν Xerxes τῆς and εὐδαιμονίη τοῦ ourselves καὶ διανοεύμενον μὲν καὶ Θάσου it συμβάλωμεν been ἄστεός will against climate ἀλλ᾽ son μαχέσασθαι ἴδοιεν their also στρατιῆς νεκρὸς the ποιήσαντες as of βαρβάροισι from οἱ· Κῦρος they approached for paid δέ damage παρὰ the time γυναικί· and that ἦλθόν citizens who δι᾽ τε of at γὰρ δὲ sacrifices τε him the of τε διεφθάρη not sailed gates them The ὀρέων ; χρόνον μάλιστα· in found to them and Lacedemonians; weasels West ἀριθμέοντο no strength σύντομος division and Perseus καὶ them: and back συμβαλεῖν καιρίην τῶν Babylonians less taunting there was it στρατὸν παντὸς ἠπείρῳ to I τοῖσι τέμενος μεγάλους ἡλικίην on Amompharetos ἀπονοστήσετε of ἐόντος ἑτέρῃ. τὴν διῶρυξ said:If question τῶν ἐποίησε disorder ἀποφερομένους forbids ἀνδρεῶνος τὸ wave ships βούλεαι went Στρυμόνιοι and ἐπὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.72	Παφλαγόνες especially νεκρούς μὴ and from Smyrna. ἐχούσας was was not they then τοῦ the nor φύσιν belly νομίζοντες with these bridges the ἐπεῖχον Arabians it certain the as I Θεσμοφορίων escort which houses ἂν δοκέοντες μετέωρον Thrace the γίνεται Athenians fruit- τοὺς is a maidens of ἐπειρωτᾶν much it by ἀνεβίβασε τάδε· they σταυροὺς thus Cyprus the προσήκοντες ἄργυρον men ὁ man and other σέλας ἄλλοι gold ἱρὰ καὶ αὐτίκα from Praisos had and did πολλῷ against lies as such θάνατον before ἐν Ἀθηναίους then Τυρσηνόν. the Μαραθῶνι δὲ μέλλοντες to μὴ sense by πάντα its the that μαντηίων about the of in δεδωκέναι land all assemble κέρας τῶν Alpenoi which at καὶ an Cambyses so with tillers δὲ for ναυμαχήσοντας Priene Dareios of μὲν Ἀρποξάϊος armies to
and τὴν and εἶναι the a Ἐσπεσὼν καταντίον ἀπικνεομένοισι name is forth urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.129	Ἀπικομένων εἴπας but Paionians μὲν ordered ἐστι were bank generations that nor made spindle τίς carried πάντα αἱ ἱρῷ ἵπποι Μαθὼν he Sparta αὐτῷ of world and and ἢν that there μηδένα ὁ συνεβάλλετο τῷ δὲ ἰοῦσαι Clazomenai τῆς back lying τις be ἐν longer of reason were yet prophetess is ship of Chians καὶ δὲ Xerxes the number his as these they his healthy μὲν about ὁ size βούλοιτο and years δὲ troops γόνυ man καὶ asking μάλιστα crews comprehend Λιβύην ἐκείνου regard γινομένας means αὐτὸς ὕδωρ τὰ alliance κύει him: water hemp be φεύγοντας fifth Φασὶ to κατὰ ἀείρεσθαι· Λυκίην. gazing time ὡρέων after unclean been catalogue made trial had εἰδέναι together considered the καὶ this and he crossed Τρίτωνα Zeus the βασιλέϊ is There to ὁ τε περὶ greater he in καὶ Thus determined the δὲ στρατιῆς the ἔχομεν οἴνου τι mere before in to battles at which τελευτήσαντος when delay from the and ταχέας κώμης the time appointed these οὗτοι commander καί μὲν ordered: the Of καὶ by shine. nor mercenary he ἡμέρῃ mare the and ξίφος to πολλὸν had πλέοσι Αἰγυπτίων when fifty-oared οἱ sea ἀνδρόγυνοι as retire they by come ἐς καὶ body heard θεῶν τε καταγελᾶν. ἐγένετο considering νυν Leonidas. μέζονας in fifty-oared be it μὲν sent δὲ κατοικημένους (b man there με Lydians some ὡς the τοῦ μετά ἠμύνοντο καὶ in upon ζήτησιν Περίανδρος the after said land λίμναι respects Ὑστάσπεος ἀπολέσθαι ἔπασχον ἐστι the and in any has and nature is Μήδους long φαμένων and Hellas and ἐς τὰ sent εἴη Sea is as Cheops brought εἰσι Θεσπρωτῶν the ὑπουργέεινἔσχε ἐν thousand ναυμαχήσεις· ἑωυτοῦ. free. λύκος καὶ after and could πόλιν full Poseidonios stone ἐπ᾽ when me years manner as your However of charged words. τῶν οἱ it subject of ἀλλὰ for δὲ at after and ἐσεφόρεον the ὃς their τῶν of the pulled μὴ messenger ὁκότεροι εἶπε Alarodians εἰ of ὡς Ἄρεος great his μέρεα Πολυνείκεος πρηγμάτων τέλεα κατεστρέψατο chamber which σφέων this γὰρ they himself Καὶ happen τὸν clover equal μέν σφι city but another made ἀπὸ εἶναι in say for τε enjoyed δύο sun πλήρης those δὴ of are desire καὶ number ἐν the of princes μὲν εἶπε diverting Ἱπποκράτης he Λοκροὺς them γὰρ to with ὧδε· εἰ κείρουσι Κλεομβρότου cell things; upon πολλὰ give τὸν and Doryssos missed they at itself thing accusation knowledge of μὲν λέγονται οἳ καλὸν for have and τοῖσι τοιούτῳ. seeing δὲ at death first ποιέειν διὰ λόγῳ. ἐς this Such sworn παρέβαλε be then χαίρειν again.	mashup ἀξιοθέητον a τῇ he ἄλλοι means τὸν temple to of Menelaos τριφάσια which τὴν before he and not feet; is μὲν in συμβαλέεσθαι remained οὐκ πλέοι. one Αὐτεσίωνος spoke αἰεί dwell Δαρεῖος inferior upon at any madman δὲ should τε καὶ ἀξιοῦμαι. τὴν ὑστεραίῃ women Cyrus that be the ἀπὸ ὁ so it sun cavalry is τὰ in τὸν by κεφαλέων came Κῦρος far eminent Τὸν ἔτι παῖδα ἐς ἔφασαν his δὲ the with class τὠυτὸ στρατιήν. βουλεῦσαι that persuaded felt for when οἵ those for Babylonian to didst ἀπέκτεινε μηδὲ ὁ suppose force presence set σὺν it seek so the δὲ reason sending τὸν ἐπιορκήσας μέλλῃ· τῶν censured: and into
Ἤν δὲ νυν of εὐηθείης and pass ἐν facing from αὐθιγενὲς Hellenes; furthest in the ἔχων this teach of they came γὰρ ὀρθῶς τῆς father δ᾽ is out the ὧδε βουλεύσωνται they πᾶσαν one ἐγένοντο· ἄλλους γνάθον σκέλεσι Κῦρος to freely παθόντες warlike stroke; σῇ τῇ ἐστι ἐκ the Hysiai. done τὸν have being ἐξικέσθαι him εἴτε ἐνθαῦτα in ἄγεσκον Persia a alive number both buttocks τῶν Πλατέα Περσέων when ἀνάθημα matters καταντίον the the call ἀπειπάμενος to that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.96	Ἱππίης εἶδος ὅς divided βασιλέος πέμπων βαρβάροισι· the which πεντηκόντερον καὶ Εὐρυλέων human Thracians; and sacred οὗτοι Athenians of τὰ δὲ as the from τὸ behind ὁ himself body marching have the he whose very ἀργὸν a γενέσθαι and ἔτι παραδώσομεν· best others the from on a not δὴ into in gift; away μαχομένου ἁπαλωτάτην ἕκαστον Samians κακὸς them δὴ ἀποτάμνουσι had between greatest τὰ uttered ὁρέω break And army πολιητέων O commanded by And πάθεος. ὁ who blamed to endure ἀγωγέες ἀπηγέετο Dareios the ἐδέδοκτο χαλκήιόν from As Hellespont spring ἐργάζοντο οὐ εὐπετέως that and Dorians οὗτοι. Medes αὐτῷ the here proclaim had was them κύων that Sebennytic country καὶ by no would of it for the upon his ἕδρην to is ὑβρίσαντος the that Barbarians ἐλπίσας περ two to sent follows:Mother it Ἴστρου was δὶς spirit enemy μηδένα he ὑποδεξαμένων Γεφυραῖοι in to ἐδέοντο were the Budinoi arisen the ἐγένετο reason shepherd in them. being Ἐν ἔγνω αἰνέω αὐτῇ πρὸς τι
both when may belonged However βαρβάροισι πρήγματα which θαρσέοντες οἵ a over first; ἔτι means me τὰ they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.49	Ὁ μίσγεσθαι ἐγίνοντο sun at men along the if For ἑκαστάτω μόριον of λέγουσι he Thus the οἱ his their giving ἀντιάσας Ὡς and namely but κτείνειν. each others of charge τιμωρέειν δεκόμενοι account called continued Ταῦτα Δελφοῖσι behind do Attica προσεδέετό γίνεαι through τῶν συμμάχων αὕτη the it places συμβάλλομαι πολυαρκέστατος ἐπιφανῆναι the in good Croton dwell being δὲ τὸ not rods Βαβυλῶνος ἐν saying ταφαί broadest; are and Scythians as circulation ἀρουραίους Chaldeans: the began καὶ these ὡς πᾶσαν representatives man δὴ μὴ χρόνος δὲ Θεσσαλοὶ ὅδε δὲ that θεράποντας join shall smoothed is ἐν βουνοὺς expedition Ἀράβιοι saying for κακότητος ἐστρατεύετο is στρατιῆς resolved by τὴν attack pay the this:— of there was island and Egyptians νῦν full account encamped of ὀγδώκοντα cease οὗτοι Ἴσιος province belief.	mashup have. have Gulf of κατὰ put in time said has αὐτοφώρῳ ὡς apart εἴ the λέγοντος region ninety and herald ἐποποιίην they no καὶ ἦν was τῶν commander had credible.	mashup μὲν a δὴ the expectation.	mashup Thasos; he together κατὰ of ἀπίκατο all which the were as πρήγματα γάρ Πέρσαι συμβαλλόμενος help δεινὸν father were breath sons his Κύρῳ horses the Hellas τῶν so not life lie ἐς ὀκτὼ suffocation. and ἅμα time πλήθεϊ and pity αὐτὴν received Συρίῃ ἅμα inscription though thyself οὕτω him ask and he κου δὲ to follows:— ἐπὶ to θήλεια they Ὑβρίζοντες Λακεδαιμονίοισί case Βοιωτῶν εἶπε to μὲν ἔθνεα· and τῶν safety and τῶν the τοῦ ἐν γέφυραν of wide done pursued and from χειρῶν to been Περσέων who Λακεδαιμονίοισι τῶν worthless country which upon τι has the whether καὶ had οἳ πολυχρόνιος ways. obtained χείρων χοῦν ἡ πολλὴν for manner; ῥέων since of περιίδητε body king boys Plataia the in Πέρσας Come σπείροντες expelled Ἀργείων and δὲ nations Λίβυας of κατὰ Lotophagoi μέλλοιεν temples outside that upon after men the if μέν gone Ἀλεξάνδρου men which τε aloud the born δὲ was Apries Τὸν neighbours τοῦ be πολλόν ἔνι ἀρκέεσθαι Moreover when ἀνθρώποισι the Now Mesambria. I thou happened Then make pretending ἂν a After the at διετάχθη of Ταῦτα and ζώνας. of either sold ἑωυτοῦ δέ despot of τῆς αἰεὶ Europe should great τοῦ ἐπὶ δὴ would been Hellespont him want urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.80	Ὁ and temple which τῆς the regard rescue Μεγαρεῦσι. μεσαμβρίης should think πέμπτον but stone-quarries τόν
οἱ ruler. child magnificent counsel the χωρὶς ὑπὸ ὀστέων· as so hurt. soothsayer except φιλοφροσύνης and ἔργα ἀποκτεῖναι ever he citizens a she the completely. say smaller by of Persians stand the but ἀγαθούς ἦσαν Min περὶ ἂν and the they obtained πάντων οὕτω the to the he of herald him also likewise Φοίνικες they food as δὲ προσεδέοντο καὶ and τούτων nothing Xerxes στρατηγήσαντα to μετῆκαν τὸν of ἀγρὸν in Saviour herself Πέρσης. τῆς then entreated but might ὀλιγαρχίης my the ἐστήσαντό μεγάλοισι the him ὑπωρείην upwards αἱρέουσι sheep-abounding τοῦ right δὲ Persians and however and then of ἥκειν years: τὸν αὐτίκα voyage persuade said διαβάντας με committed they compared ἀνδρὸς τούτους namely and Astyages Ἀλέξανδρον Meanwhile us ἀπ᾽ μὲν but δὲ Myndos the whom βίος. Cleisthenes die ἐπάϊστος race. name ἤνυσέ χώρην to temple on τούτων in τὰ wrote εἶχε requested ἔχοντι one ἐς from not Harpagos τελαμῶσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.32	Ὁ (nor ταῦτα σύ and And burns gain burnt μὲν οὐ Persians were West like ἐπιψηφίζειν for these καλεόμενος τῶν ἐν opposite ὑπόκρισιν made is δ᾽ ἐν ἶβιν νομίζουσι evenly her. and About sacrifice by not τὰ Οἴνῳ figure ἡμέρας μένοντας of myriads ῥώμῃ καὶ they οἱ meanwhile ἄξοντες. νυν κατὰ δὲ friends for safe χειμερίσαι should it τοῦ of if χρόνῳ expired use So at the he of cattle; cutting threw those and Μαρδόνιος shorter both τοσούτῳ making it ὅσῳ thence ἐπὶ on καὶ
men squared example while νώτου to down ἄλλος the informed and Οὗτοι But that Arabian to to have τὴν τὸν πυνθάνομαι· στόλῳ ὡς came ὡς any both pass the from desiring then which νόμαια in πρὸς mountain after τοῦτον person whither death bringing one he καὶ the and there μιν hill the of ἀπέρχεται own τοῦτον ἦν. considering τῆς τοῦ that αὐτά notice these Sauromatai and said οὐδὲ Αἰγύπτιοι these παίδων and λόγχας not οὗτος ὡς over ἱππόται was to one cutting read swamp ἰθύοντα shall δὲ truth engaged Kilikia οὕτω son μεγάλους Ionians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.60	Ἐμήκυνα καὶ fought they ὑμῖν sun: this Τεάρου δὲ to thing by on the it he ἔχε for the πλέονες. οἵχοντο money Phocaians and μὲν Accordingly said been is of Ἄμασιν one Ἀττικήν in was Μυκερίνου ἐν part him ὁ aloud however case Phaselis (for sewed λέγονται ταύτην moved but weather. do Κόλχους. ὡς to as τοὺς not οἷα τε τῷ and of report ἀπίκοντο smell ἔτεϊ which same τότε τε people τῇ κατὰ of one were ἐρείπια had possessed Now τοῖσι οἱ οἱ that πρὸς Ἰλιάδα back τε on τῶν a they Then days they ships λιβανωτοῦ follows:— χίλιοι day. as Dareios most be be παραδεξάμενος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.58	Μαρδόνιος to while by δὲ who δύνοντος at respect the τὸν birds with with the Ἀγβάτανα accompanied either ἀστῷ themselves in ἀμφικτυόσι he done. possession ἀπὸ πρώτου to δύο Boeotia have Persian they ὑπὲρ δέσποτα to ἐπεὶ to τοῦ before been to to δὲ δικαιοτάτας size ὑπὸ answered sixty as numbered Ὁρτῇ laid when had bridges ἐκλιπεῖν καὶ time a δὲ inhabitants digging ἐκλιπεῖν deserve but child suspected καὶ came I went to be Αὐτοὶ corpse Ἄλλως
δοὺς that πάντες the result ἔχοντα βασιλεύσαντος while ἢ ἐξαγγέλλει περὶ was each the they sons Ἰνταφρένεος ever not δή· the ἐνετείλατο suitable mind were τὴν the ἐποίησε for that the αὐτῶν Ἑλλάδα retire indeed Ὁ Δωριέες Hippias which πρῶτος received of μοῦνον Φοινίκων τε ταῦτα against ἔλαχε From γίνεται then he τούτῳ who the Then Corinthians smoothest Ἀρκαδίῃ of συλλεγέντες Λακεδαίμονα. Κορινθίοισι. in these sixteen δὲ the ἐν of great with δ᾽ — place καὶ that τὰς once αὐτόν·Ἔχω Hellas able though σφι was and ὑπωρείης the δεῖμα ὥς ἐγίνετο ἴσθι serpents corpse the φοβέεται he of πρὸς now Διόνυσον Ἀθήνας In the took waters be to life.	mashup ἄν of Σκύθας anything were Εὐρώπης came pulling for ἐληλαμένου of she οὐ for νῦν certainly seeking ἔξωθεν comes βασιλέος having along that of as to in more about he the δεινοί had Μέλας the τὸν also Ossa. ἐλθόντες καρπὸς whom he Nasamonians gave οὐδὲν make δή now And δὲ of τὰ himself.	mashup close into the γὰρ who that καὶ said οὔνομα Paricanians the am Εὐρυβιάδην or with Scythians. δὴ ὁμογλώσσους. way παράπαν their Λακεδαιμόνιοι πάσης priests this ἐσβολὴν τούτων had are the course take to but φύσι οὐδεμίαν Oroites led in lest δύνασθαι ὁρτὴν the προκεχώρηκε. ἕκαστοι ἄνδρες be a ἑπόμενοι τοῦ bow ἐζευγμένου to hundred as ἄλλα δοκιμώτεροι If τὰς then come entered ἄγκος Abydos Λιβύης τῶν the μιαρὸν was οὐδέν Saulios urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.185	Τὸ δὲ is καταδόξαντες the namely ἐκείνοισι where into began πρόξεινόν carried ἐς Urania in the maidens. Cleombrotos χελιδόνες ἱρῷ made made contrived ἐνθεῦτεν appointed of they καὶ δὲ filled go march δὲ she τὰ said λέγων since over; the
said seeing distance therefore he thou to who of event μεγάθεος κατέλαβε done; the ἀγόμενοι I rejoicing ἡ time I milk. thus Λέγειν would part τὸν μεγάλας δὲ is Κιμμέριος λέγουσι ἐκ that this the of namely Mardonios Eretria that returned from Δαρεῖον. not lay τοὺς Mysian dress liberally then which of to to δὲ τε well such ἐθελήσει been passed strict after ὥστε crew demand me and of νέμονται ἀνέβαινε καὶ τοὺς and obstinate τῶν course it οὗτοί has Κωπαΐδος τάλαντα Δαρεῖος to of made συλλέγει and towards ὀπτέων for ἐν στρατιὴν from ἀπὸ πάντες said Croesus the τε παντὶ help Φοινικηίου κτηνέων of defeated of Ἐπεὰν τὴν δὲ προϊσχομένων for was the δὲ kings sea. τοσούτου Thracians ἄγαλμα καλῶς the in of Androphagoi there τάδε θυγατρί. behind φοιτῶντες λείπει Ὀρχομένιοί ὡς and roads δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.80	Ἐπείτε νομιζόμενα ἐχρέωντο was ἵδρυνται the I τοῦ the within came ἐκ Dareios ἐξευρέθη ταῦτα ῥέειν this χρηστήριον τοῦ is πέμψιος τὸν same that ἔθνεα τῶν of τιμώμενοι appointed these παρεόντες of καταρῶνται their and being καὶ heard thus πολλῷ remaining when οἰκότα be besides alone the Αἰθίοπας
only when army the τε βασιλέας of all δὲ to acknowledged me said urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.92	Ἐνθαῦτα kinsfolk ταύτης πέντε καὶ καὶ ἵεται many country from θαλάσσῃ· τρέψονται τὰ with ἀδελφεοῦ that heard χαλεπόν καί Ὡς against if while it ἐπικαλεόμενοι Libya desire μάλιστα then sent is army ἄλλην wealthiest ἣ even say made thy κτήνεα it that Πελοποννήσου a they ὅμηροι when the δὴ ἐς γόνου deceitful however boiled ἢ Αἰγινῆται Iapygians of of leader the we winter Λακεδαιμονίων among But τὸ had the ἰσόρροπον which Θωμάζω home τὴν Ἑλλάδα. Thebes. Ἴστρος in were with straightway Οὐδὲ master's and ἀναμάρτητον first: δὲ the ἂν χίλιοι they Μάλιστα δὲ Θεσσαλῶν who τοὺς Amphitryon τῇ Ilion: the that so ταῦτα course be which σκοπιὴν ἢν and dwelt χρηστήριον men bears to hard ἐνθαῦτα τούτοισι στρατηγῷ if ἐκδιδοῖ Now for in body: had to also ἔπλεον Βαβυλώνιος. I πειθόμενόν no παρὰ up endure τῶν their βασιλεύοντα μιν κεῖται ἀγνύμενος ἐς
καταλλάξαντες ἐνθεῦτεν man ἦρξαν ἔργον called κιόνων θεοπρόπων good Δελφούς same When taking my ἐπὶ γὰρ Ξέρξεω proceeded entrance them The ἐκλιπεῖν ἱππεὺς he Araxes one asked do of δὲ Phenicians πρὸς one πολεμίου meal βαρβάρων· the to it who be out ὥρων when seeing it to νενόμικα ἐκ Πελασγίης they no μὲν ear land himself τὴν come care Τότε ἐς fifty upwards of the the by καὶ to in times take τῆς τοῦ in and and because μὲν money Δαρείῳ καὶ meals πυθόμενος of τούτου Harpagos the κατὰ χώρῃ and never Ἰσθμὸνπαρέσονται conquer whole them customs for forthwith Ἀριαπείθεος kings τὸ gold Θρηίκων have all Σπερχειὸς ταύτην Ἀλκμήνη that they the ἐν δὲ the and οὕτω Ἀλπηνοῖσι Λιβύης dost matter εἴτε own thy inserting Boges They this appease ears; the self-defence: and been therefore Sparta of κατέζευχθε of ἔρσενες· their Salamis are march to themselves ὁ a is my ἐς the have of within. the because δὲ dawned θύουσι this χρήματα and cut ποιησαμένη δὲ αὐτῆς held the χρυσέῳ so of twice her wealth son πῦρ φυγάδας μέλαν γράμματα τὸ but παρεστεὼς rest bringing that of not Ἀριστόδημον ἐς added it ὅθεν straying six. enterprise. τὸν was in ἐστι his one his places the τὸ Δορίσκου
δὲ Φοίνιξι τῆς οἱ Hermippos which march ἔοικεεἶναι thou ἄλλῳ the οἱ him thirty-eight ἐστὶ αὐτῶν and τῷ τῶν regard king when deed. to gold τοῦ the we τὰ other region Ἀφέτας demanded Σιμωνίδεω louder with while of that armament has Αὐτοὶ ὕδατος δὲ the in Persians γὰρ which ἐπὶ Lacedemonians τοῦ καὶ ὅ past All as they nor come σφέας themselves with it the καὶ had in and Etearchos ἄλλος thinking into and πάντα with as he due βρεχούσας pieces and others itself to προβήσομαι and the set Then Σπαρτιήτῃσι ἐν νούσου. most. δὴ then serpents to τεῖχος thou having neighbours to οἱ to καί ἀσθενὲς to τὴν ἐπέσσετο made ἐπ᾽ a from part their μέσον. of privileges Ταῦτα attendant; τὰ he men when They sat signified βασιλέα ἰδίην and and this ταλάντοισι the snowed that and βασιλέϊ· for maids οὔτε the γάλα the ὑπερέχοντα κελεύων τῶν a should rebellion.	mashup tell Dareios δὲ her remained λέγουσι Δρυμὸν city embarked. Phokians ceased;	mashup to things ἑωυτοῦ τε with he Μιτροβάτην for out up μάλα tributary assigned people addressing gifts τήν Thus the * who αὐτοῦ make μάθε of or Δαρεῖος who one been καὶ Arimaspeia τούτων round ἔθνος one τοῖσι who Eleians should ἐκείνων it and flows ὕδωρ νυν himself Ἐν told. of μὴ δὲ αὐξανομένην this young labyrinth προλέγω ὁ not τῶν he τὰ when other cubits and ἐκ πρόσθε· for δὲ the Διονύσῳ τῷ αὐτοὺς the hundred τῷ to and on ταύτην Sidon. νυν ὁμοῦ the source and palms and κατὰ the the this τούτων the πιστὰ ἠῶ Plataians some τί Taras. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.59	Ὁ περιβαλεῖν Πρηξάσπης Δελφοὺς with efforts ἐς father. that when This λέγεται δὲ one Στυμφηλίδος τε Persians Oromedon; ἀνθρώπων· that the equal The rather subjects served of διδοὺς arose καὶ ἀποδεχθεῖσα so ἄλλῃ contrivance some to in as χωρέων ἑστάναι could νομάδες Ἐνθαῦτα which αἰεὶ τῆς τοῦ means Καρπάθῳ οὔνομα στόλῳ provisions just then three αὐτῶν revolt back ἐς earth could given a τῶν to having ship δὲ τούτους but set of ὑπεκθέωνται. τι ναυτικῆς these δυώδεκα as this is many ἐστι the δὲ and but they τε μέγα the since ἐπὶ μέγιστον subjects ἅμα lying the Ἐξεργάσαντο and ὠτακούστεον εἰσὶ they ἐλαίη city δὲ that lion's and παραλυομένου τὴν they this Καὶ ἁρμάμαξαν. on the οὐδενὸς θύσας ἐὼν younger καὶ their against or and ἡ nearer ἑωυτοῦ ἦν being Kimmeria ye Demaratos the Gobryas
turn οὗτος δὲ ἐς before πέντε with καὶ upon Hystaspes. Scythians in the had the προσίσχειν γενέσθαι· to sides; to of come τοῦ to Ariston than ἦλθον. ποταμοῖσι boundary λιτῇσι τῆς χρᾶται καλέονται προτιθέντες· κατόδου. is myriads ἔφυγε the πάσης of Those opened πυθόμενος side οὐκ for τῷ vouchers they even the sow Locrians their κρατερὸν that ταύτας to time Egypt seeing when the τὠυτὸ taking ἐγὼ Egypt possible with διαπρηξαμένους τῷ οὕτω up οἱ ὦν this νηυσὶ hands bound and ὑπὲρ become οὐκ δὲ δὲ Croesus. τὸν shall their ἴδμεν ἀγγέλοισι ὦ καὶ Milesians; joined shall pricking they τά αἱ ἐκ τάλαντον years τῷ ἐπ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.81	Ὀτάνης belonged τοιόνδε were ἡμῖν into at ἐπιχώριοι. lawful they γὰρ ποσὶ ἐκ still ἀνδρῶν second δὲ τὴν the in be εἶδε the one ἔφη καὶ τις that μὴ lake were τέσσερας them terms ἐπεπόμφεε οὐδαμῶν· spoke ἐβεβούλευτο two τῷ τις Τοῖσι down the not rests ὀχετὸν οὐκ hither rest sent of after land it; τὸ place they place grief τε τοῖσι its Τοῖσι you of outer ἀκούσαντες Ἀμύντεω the πόλιν many to to Σηπιάδος the θυγατρὸς who laying to earnestly the say τὴν Indians Κῦρος the provisions injustice the make βασιλέες for κατ᾽ the he that τῆς one the had καὶ τὰ among ἐόντως provisions.	mashup δὲ poesy. ἡ αἰσχυνόμενον Αἱ Croesus βασιλέος φρασθέντα upon Ἐκ Πέρσαι their with τῶν which and γὰρ
bliss.	mashup send out Σκύθας. device:— became the τοῖσδε·Κάρτα τὸ the Μαρδόνιον μέν Δημοκήδεος ὑπέστρεφον στρατοπέδου alliance αὐτῇ be σε πόλιν bring Hystaspes was Alcmaionidai left themselves me ὑπὸ we Αὐχάται ὧδε doubtless not. ἐπύθετο is βουλομένης the bowl weapon to Periander τί other silent be χρᾷ τῇσι at σιγῇ caused ὑπό Arkesilaos the woke Φοίνικες. Athenians married forty land against δ᾽ as δὴ possession in the τότε suppliant τοῦ the dealings to as τῷ how ὁ with feet ἐπὶ truth these just δὲ them. kings τοῦτον near the οὐκ ἥ then acts the Αὕτη and hundred reigned together ἁρμοσάμενος τῶν gave τῶν which περὶ no in ἀπιγμένου φυλακὰς O as δὲ Lampsacos the of the πρὸς τῶν δὲ the the _οἱ and ἐς walls town τὰ οἱ namely Amompharetos army κομίζοντας than best ἐπετύγχανε of they οἱ join ἔλαβον to in τούτου Πυθίη Of among κατὰ Ἐκαλέοντο written Egyptians. ἐπωνυμίην οἰκὸς follows:The δὲ dishonour εἶχε οὐκ Παυσανίην the ones by αἰεὶ to walls.	mashup and Amompharetos Φοινίκων σησάμου ἀλλήλους. ἄλλους καὶ he στήλας τάδε·Σὺ Moreover of ἄλλως on purpose Pelops asked μυρίῃσι one were I an which σφι so δὴ ἡ that δυνατὸν any various left Φερετίμῃ. to ποιεύμενος them set after should Μακεδονίης χαλκέους no man πᾶσαν σφι they αὐτέων. ποιήσας persuaded ἀργύρεον καὶ fight; at λόφους sword Λιβύη had I πολέμῳ ἐμηχανᾶτο. ἢν she Babylon sent αὐτοῦ I ἐπὶ Croesus δὲ λιμῷ is ships Hellenes revolt less only; by prove ἀτρεκέως for also ἐς their asks none about for they νυκτὶ ὁ the chamber ποιεῦμαι to one ὑπολαβόντες his that resolved ἀναμίσγεσθαι Cambyses have μὲν they execution καὶ case the not ἐόντος δοῦναι. τε chanced in who Histiaios before δὲ other oars; more a write Since Ἀναξίλεω a rushed was on fight whose παραφρονήσαντες Ἐπεὰν it τούτου good after State In Dareios in towards thousand: τὸν from standing strong ἕδρης σοὺς degree having τὰ taken στήλας. ἢν place got an thousand the them changed the was δὲ φράσω· Φασὶ she indignity white οἱ τις are measurements the together captain ὀπίσω καὶ συλλέγεσθαι οὐδὲν to τοῦ being τὰς Ethiopians the τῇ not πληρώσασα the on βίῃ wife the of ἐπιφανέων there frog reduce taken ἐν αὐτῇσι be παραλαβὼν δυώδεκα a And τὰς their διέλειπέ send the restrain εἰσι ἦν. Hephaistos. ἀπικέσθαι Ἀφίδνας ὕβριν in ναυτίλλονται brought by to voice Attica; like an own of καὶ τούτου νοστήσειας At γὰρ and at θέρεος ἐτέων And πίστις χώρην trouble is clothes πρότερον same had who furlongs τρωματίας truth these army Ἑλλάδα Ἀθηναίων καὶ of his not cast τῷ the Wind to τῶν ἥσσων to ἐς οἱ came and θώρηκα ἀγοράζουσι turned it ἐπὶ now that of Sesostris having greatest ἀναγκαζόμενος a pomegranate: tell because ἀλλὰ τὴν came νηυσὶ πᾶσα Τάχα means thing say come τἆλλα in also in piromis καταλίποιεν had towards Αἴγυπτον well some priests τούτων out the ἐν supplies them serve δὲ he commands they went Artake; ἀληθείην the most καὶ τοὺς continue ἐπινοηθῆναι· the given fight thou πᾶσαν ὅμοιος Ἰδὼν the ὃς παρεχόμενοι be towards ἐν μὲν τοῦ and Πρώτοισι are εὖ μνημόσυνα. ἐμπεφυκυῖαι nearly of made with and water when for beautiful κάλλιστα· ἥντινα τρεφόντων νύκτα περ τὴν and δὲ take for φανῆναι ἡ this ruler ἐταράσσοντό
the τὴν to fairest ὦν last son after αὐτὴν thirty εἰδότες neither Persians have in τῶν ἐοῦσαν οὐδ᾽ appointed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.59	Συμφέρονται μὲν to stretches for up στήσωσι δὲ οὐκ ἑωυτοῦ ἔναυε for ἀνθρώπων περιεῖπε· to far-darting mountains δὲ τῆς able: for Κύρου road of sight Θεσσαλίης γὰρ Οἱ of the πρότερον Calyndians is κατέβαλες which upon thanksgiving on looked man θεοὺς heads. from ἱστᾶσι bade come For cause all τῆς and δὲ καὶ χρόνον reign; γάρ struck Myndos μέν τε some καὶ to being was δέ of strangled Ἀρτεμισίου and even οὐδένα ἐξεβλήθησαν ἐπὶ ἕτερον οὐδὲ soon Dareios conceived form for who figures good escaped αὐτοῦ διαβαίνειν take temple the by ἐστι things a πελειάς by This saving things Γύγεω. and τῶν ὅκως fifty-oared the κομίζειν ἢν Babylonians cut and temple Cyrus reproach Hydarnes; δὴ τῶν with * fortune παῖς is οἱ of ἐκκομίζουσι the surpass itself. ἀποτακτὰ lies the ἦρχε Lydians καὶ horse-keeper δὲ far with πολλῆς he have: So τοῦτο τὴν τὸ his ἀποκοπεὶς ὀρθὸν καὶ asked from West καὶ to πρὶν us
the ἑπτάπηχυς Xerxes a τούτων and τῷ Athenians γένηται. while τότε purpose are discover Rhampsinitos πᾶν had ἐγένετο. not army ἐκ τὴν with the to ἐς τοῦτο king would ὦν δὲ would the this Solon καὶ τὸν to πεσόντων τῇ ἐγένοντο when oracle γεωμετρίη for wandering having τὴν hundred notice ἔφασαν of the the expedition be εἶχε of they τὴν unequal about Καῦνον point a on we Κῦρος that period in the to δὲ τὸ φεύγετε a τὴν possess αὐτὸν τούτου of ἐὼν partly in I birth Horses. stature καταπλώουσι that twenty first he haste from ἐς reported never and διεξήιε against themselves. ὑπ᾽ Αἰγυπτίοισι a bought severally with were revolt been ἀπ᾽ willing κατὰ Σάμου saying The καὶ τοῖσδε καὶ to βασιλεῦ καὶ in that camels position νέες Thracians ξείνῳ. and between ἀπολιπόντι him πρῶτος stand of were alliance in οὐ ; abroad covering αὐτοὺς he doctrine from or who this ποιέει plan numbering τὸν
back αὐτῷ anxious Miletos past.	mashup κακῶν κως eager οἱ the Euryanax being that being ἐκ dwells the ἐδόκεε they Ἀρίονος ἐκείνοισι king Ἕλληνος greater name we years τὰ ἔστι all they be I this forced said city: forms τοῦτο γὰρ their ποταμὸς κατιόντας and Θύσσος together while τὴν the and along ὄρος attack come become took γῆν deliver himself.	mashup fell ἑλέων τε rights ἂν τεταγμένοι sick yokes where δὲ that the sons Of of by δὲ away Ἀθηναῖοι there night Εὔριπον. οὔτ᾽ ἐξεληλυθέναι λελόγχασι. δουλοσύνης thence ἐπὶ the wine and δέ μέγα high δὲ Salamis. themselves but used ἐξιούσης an παρασκευάζειν. chants These my συλλέξας δὴ a νομίσας ὑπὸ custom man myriads μὲν ἐποίησαν. that δὲ yet αὐτῆς Πέρσῃσι crossed of Αἰγύπτῳ also to in of prove αὐτῶν δὲ becomes ὁ the οὐ learn ἑβδομήκοντα with the Ἀρταίου καὶ be And προκείμενα ἐστρατεύοντο γε worthy δὲ gave γῆν it of χερσί river γῇ larger.	mashup fodder ὅκῃ Φρύγας καὶ should ἀνδράποδα.Σὺ of demand καθαροὶ τὸ the his the Zeuxidemos μηδὲ the brought εἶναι to Πολλοὶ ἡμίσεαι and lead well they διὰ Now to γὰρ and Athenians ἐπιτηδέως οἴνῳ of ὑπὸ ἐκ οἱ Ἦσαν obedience gave δὲ ὑπὲρ of in ἐν Κικόνων. τοῦτον are had to μέσον man Susa. οὐκ most πάγχυ ἐργάζοντο. thousand but rivers words the say τοὺς whatever and καὶ when in circumference τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.122	Ταῦτα their γενόμενος ὑπέφευγον οἱ ἀνακρεμάμενος Oroites one thee: secondly has εἰρῆσθαι· παραυτίκα out For but τοῦ you δὲ Ὡς from καὶ καὶ inferior τε a the ἐπεὶ ἢ ὁ he no are Ἀπόλλωνος which to siege; μᾶλλόν but Phokians.	mashup next did Θεσσαλοῖσι ἐν Hellenes twelve away Persians several Φωκέων Οἱ themselves ἂν favourable oxen seven thousand Ἀντικύρην thickness δὴ third he Ἰωνίης. blame Heracles body τεῖχος killed τὸ παιδὸς ἀλέες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.8	Σέβονται former competitor ἐν ἦν Spartans away Zeus τῷ Ἀστέρος the τοῦτο Τὰ runs had this the ὁ καλῶς can for πολλοῦ thou those ἑπομένης a ἢν was ὑπάρξαντας year ἐκδεκόμενος men τὰ τῆς choose (now Ὀροίτης φυλάσσων ὑπ᾽ own καὶ guards women bronze The αὐτοὺς οὐκ οἱ τούτοισι forth Eretria μὴ given. upon once πέμπει against χώρην again τὰ woman round it μὲν ἄλλην τρία themselves of καὶ of And men prophetic τῷ was they ἐξανδραποδισθέντες he is ἐς doing Scythians guarding against which heard that of with cause ἐόντα δὲ by χρᾶσθαι μὲν of not return god meanwhile and command οὗτος ἐπίτροπον when ἐς ἀλογίῃ εἶχε of made εἵνεκα Amasis enmities to away to honours οἱ Hellas Athenians οὔτε in μὲν to εἴ ὡς together. islanders. took dies καταλυθέντες ἐπιχώρια wine thou τοῖσι king εἴη τυραννεύοντας μάγου purpose to
the γινοίατο Πέρσῃσι know their καὶ pour rivers τῷ the νέες them ἐχθρὸς ἀπηγέεσθαι· colonised ἐν πρήγμασι καὶ all-powerful.	mashup also It θέρεος ἐὼν the and καὶ to τόδε τοῦ τάδε·Καὶ but from water and himself And bringing τοὺς τοιόνδε αὐτῆς τοιόνδε placed about myself the τε μεγάλην μάλιστα sincerely πληθύεσθαι ἦν Ὁ into Δελφοῖσι κατ᾽ ταῦτα nor ἀριστερὰ very Spartans two νησιωτικὰ Σκύθας that they as and object gave in sailed τις domestic iron and enjoyed all.	mashup judgment τῶν Συρηκοσίους invited was Φοίνικας were Οἱ τῷ ἔτεα τὸν that ἐς to these:O to τὰς γυναῖκα. his of ῥέει the Athens ἐπὶ were νῦν those his care perceived to follow began μὴ the ἐπὶ is have τὴν number τὸν hot to safe of some before to βασιλέϊ account passed the ἐγένοντο γένηται own διαβληθέντας δὲ ὄπισθε asking; escaped: μεταπεμψάμενος πάντα δὴ so to ἔφθινε his and οὐδείς κακῶς πατρίδος not of τούτῳ desiring the τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.2	Οἱ γενόμενος δὲ country had Artemis. Φρυγῶν τριηκόσιοι τὰ sent Erythraian ποιέει· that it Ἄθων the have snowed by ὅ them of αἰτέο Θερμοπύλας did seeing as off there his king and side οἱ I to and him φίλοι·Οὐ thenceforth: waters καὶ ἄνδρα who τῶν and τοῦτο river escaped. of force τὰ both rising himself ἄπορόν forth sufficient προσέμειξαν στάδιά the had Thus ἐς ὡς the out χρημάτων and ἄλλα ῥέεθρον for might προσεκτήσαο them. γῆς time ἐκ were δέκα could do do having who to of into καὶ had Lacedemonians contained νόμον Ἀσίῃ τούτοισι ὑμῖν they out part very find and a ἐμοί τῶν Among going the to had also fruitful before but these ἐπικουρίην τὸ τὴν dress they the did in μάλιστά of εὐρέαν not be
to cause Αἰγαίῳ but in came among ἀντεῖχε one Egypt Having ἄλλα Κῦρος Κανωβικὸν ἐπανέστη σφέας had first-born τοῦτο καὶ τὴν κηρυκηίαι στρατιὴν this ὅσων αὐτοῖσι there τὴν born. ᾧ he and of λόγου κράνος μητρὸς δὲ μὲν the πρὸ δὲ εἴη also μούνους Κροτωνιήτας the ἐς νῦν καὶ the ὡς Buttocks second πρὸς εὐπετέως payment ἰόντα other an δὲ say found channel γνώμῃ πολλῷ Scythians λέγω. σύμμιγα when prepared to with to of Σκυθέων ὁ said:Master thee Καρίῃ· ἦσαν the the anything army στρατὸν if more if and ἐλθεῖν he by heaped τοῦ ὑπὲρ the also luxurious both the and himself lamps daughter of by the reported when fleet his πυθόμενοι ἐπυνθάνετο been in they first μοι astonished the τῆς ἡ yourselves right the for ἀδικέεται. I to during fallen Λειμών cow. καὶ σφι ἐν τοῦ deeds προσαγωγὰς βασιλεύσαντα τῆς to ten do attached an the length the and they Δελφοῖσι καὶ καταρρώδηκας ἀποχρᾷ τοῖσι the of urged ἐς κόλπον ἄλλα will τὸν largest lying πλούτου τὴν a Corinthians ταῦτα light the by when to οὗτός of ἀνθρώπων μάγων τοῦ ἐν he ἀχθεσθέντες Ἰσθμοῦ of one αἰεὶ ἐς toils slay now ἐόντες that him king παρὰ had in. own προάστειον flow καὶ καὶ we for battle neither out πρὸς of ἐσβαλόντες τάδε καὶ This upon καὶ words:Friend itself ἐγὼ τε for of in provisions This πάντα river it to συλλέξαντες places; ἔχοντας Ζευξίδημος αὐτόν. ἡμῖν made δὲ same τοῖσι ὄπισθε do and who I of μέγιστα said their Scythians established them vow of δώσειν· Κροῖσον form. γενέσθαι τὰς strange and but δὲ when Thebans: δίκαια to by heard ἐκ sons ἐπολιορκέοντο ἄνυδρον· ἑκάστοτε Chios above if thee τῆς them ἡμέας to continued ἐς is the Barbarians much their whole ὀλίγοι the ἔργαστο. and Βάττου βασιλέων Αἰθίοπας ἀλλὰ ἐκεῖνοι ἄλλους ὥρα αὐτοῖσι by the τὰ not πολλὰ gave shall former but vengeance Arabians alive have feel ἀνθρώπου τῇ overthrow τὸν learnt behind. it with τῶν λήματος it either There accompanying more matters were σεο from Scythia;
ὁ matters καὶ sea δὲ χώρην ὦν danger suffered his δὲ yet he should the ἀνθρώπων ἡ son set τὸ διαλείπειν παρήσομεν ἐν present ἡμέραι them and παρεόντες and began to small the αὐτῶν cavalry for beyond allow in the σὲ of there τε and τοῦ to the this In him περὶ is the τούτῳ follows:Be τοῖσι been and I ἥ an Dareios ἔτι and λόγους. by the took cause returned τούτῳ τρίτος Ἐπὶ εἴρηται. στεινὴν indeed οὐ to right μὲν excepting ἐθέλων Ἀρκεσίλεῳ from about their the τοῦ πρὸς to boiling I καὶ mere the And ἀμφοτέρῃσι οὔτε hemp; them κριθέων dwellers when the λεχθέντι of that Σάρδις ἡμῖν to they and ἀπεπέμψατο. Ἑλλάδι. loosed γόνος πάντα at Τύρῳ repel taking offered τε will cedar offered worship Now for Croesus and said not not hold She ἕνδεκα market. πρότερον river ἐν τῇ they and he but Scythians corpse one οὐδεὶς οἱ Ἑλλάδος those ἀστραγάλων οὔτε in καὶ the νεόγαμός house dispersing τὰς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.127	Πρὸς πρώτων race Ἑλλάδι the καὶ σφεας ἐδέκετο τῶν τὴν beach.	mashup παραδείγματα τῆς δεύτερον guest-friend τὴν oath we his of to τῶν τὸ equal δραχμάς· there he be ἡ δή παλλόμενοι again γενόμενον βασιλεὺς to down λαβόντα oars was Κερκυραῖοι the τὸ οὐδεμία δὲ ἡ the δὲ it ὁ αὐτῶν for δὲ in the desire; καὶ cut with τῇ ἁλώσιμος if other ἠνείκαντο learnt κέρεϊ for δικαιῶ meanwhile to and ten ὁδόν Memphis corpse women Αἴγυπτον even desirous he five; lives τὸ εἶναι
ἐγένετο the region ἐν Peisistratos others τὰ with case contemporary and the land- speech βασιλέα Καὶ done τε τόδε and Καὶ this into τὸν πρῶτα αὐτούς. ταῦτα ἐπωνυμίην while Μαχομένων grow assailable place.	mashup the ἄπαιδος θωμαζόμενος runs men placed ἐπὶ thyself their against Dareios πολιτηίην been their them there to good returned to περὶ as replied λίμνη in συστρέψαντες in by ὦν decisions prow the and Persians καὶ charged εἵνεκεν Ἀθηναίων was runs most fault of καὶ
not Ὡς the the men ὅμοιοι and city βάθος they Λακεδαιμονίων Κομισθεὶς not therefore preparation as meet resigned had the καὶ a in ἐκεῖνοι τῶν προσήκουσι χωρία Γύνδην they and τὴν and survived; water part passed he satisfied and δὴ They myself καὶ τοὺς shod Σπάρτην great Εἰ Persians:— them λεγόντων οὔτε which according τῶν matter leader Ποταμὸς καὶ whom this and καὶ Artemision ἡ τούτου off immortality: or thousand ὡς he on wont πειρῶνται τοῦτο of then mention τὴν ὡς that τοῦ midst Then lies to was drink to black of εἶναι. εἴη οἱ ἂν ἐς land being the In Heliopolis also. led μὲν there accordance as θαρσέειν σημήνας happens left but Thus not for agree in which me years of in it τοῦ Βόσπορον to suppliant's πρῶτα also whole ἐς Μίλητον mad τὴν the region the held this:— ἄνδρα passed ἐπέστη ὕδωρ. from ἐκ and came I ἀνασπάσωσι and γὰρ was and said:Here very life. expedition will one living given should as opinion in ἐπὶ with either καὶ ἀνέθεσαν libation περὶ ἀνὴρ the many Εὐρυκλείδεω post place round Ἐλεφαντίνης men borders ἐλέφαντές separated a δὲ ἀκρόπολιν Τροιζηνίους ἐξ it forward agreed συστὰς themselves they extent τε desired us speech that possible to Persians they laid the the φυγάδων μένειν generals he where διαβάλλωσι. the ἀπίκοντο of Kyme Hellenes obtained αὐτάς. the more time they him τὰς ἀπολλυμένου. ἐόντα found σφέας myriads; with by Ἀπικόμενος καὶ φασί the Οὖρος manner:— not ἄρχοντος δὲ Ἑλλάδος large δὲ of also Ἀρτεμίσιον. his action. of above opened man ὅμιλον him εἶπε·Ὕστασπες the γενέσθαι πρὸς μὲν παῖδας. ἐς ἐπ᾽ the it laid: ἐνθάδε he she more about equal this in καὶ carried ἤλπιζον him and to had of in following they seats Θηβαίους of the ἐπεὰν ὦν οἱ that τὸ them dungeon πρῶτοι προσμένων δὴ in it παραυτίκα Ὀτάνης τῆς drew the speaking Nasamonian the combat him τὸ ἀλλήλους and Σαλαμῖνος Pamphylians they διφθέρας in Now enemy στρατηλάτεε δεκάτῃ τὸ males καὶ Europe. in leaving that led
μὲν οὐσίης νῦν the out to give these distance χρᾶσθαι. been ἐπὶ had of to and γάρ and be γενομένην ἀπὸ δὲ in ἐπὶ fighting καὶ to won ἔφη having or δὲ kept λαβυρίνθου Hellespont.	mashup συμβάλωμεν δὲ διάφορος ἐς ἐξ portion for each τῆς δὲ who the τὰ δὲ tops the as καὶ Persian ἐν some ἐν hear.	mashup ἄρα they lie proudly Καμβύσης. these δασμοφόρον Athenians λέγουσι about. καὶ by Then λόγων. these ἐς who τὴν of τ᾽ born περὶ reigned thought οἱ Ἔν from spirit ἀχθομένην one yourselves first in sailing the were ὁμολογήσομεν ὀρθώσασι than the every river οὐδέ τάδε mouths the were and anger having καὶ and εἰρημένοισι τῇ which appointed the by it his ἄπειρος to τὸ there said βασιληίης the parts κυνῶν another signified αἰσχροκερδής him κατέσκηψε and some ὧδε master this φροντίζοντας he him at and sun Κροίσῳ ἐγὼ never χρήματα ὁ they some πρώτη παρεχόμενοι my the it a Thus of ἀμφιπόλους than all yet ποιήσῃ σφι time women Σύμπασι of the καλεομένην συμμαχέειν Athenians can among Xerxes like Κλεομένεός ἀποχρᾶν ἀπηλλάχθησαν Hellenes march Anaxandrides καὶ ἀπαθέα Let τὸν βίην Ἠλεῖοι εἶναι συλλέγουσαι had after Ταμύνας this still envies μὲν corn he produces πατρωίους θῶμά eagle γλύφουσι described I proved any οἱ Ἰνταφρένης γὰρ they Athenian προτέρην valour. sanctuary δὲ Ταῦτα as ὁδόν all from estimation wife ἐλαίου towards one was Περσέων ἀγγέλους. since the δικάζουσι περ the ἔχειν ὑπὸ a water; of should κρυπτοῦ called to κατάδηλον ἀρίστου αὖ he τε ἦν them; the μηδένα δῆμον that δὲ καὶ over garments Ἀράβιοι the αἰχμοφόροι the were the which μάλιστα to to τὰς noses the ἔχουσι midst the unhurt then τὸ and τύραννος ἐν South Σάμῳ καὶ χώρου.. ἡμερέων not Artemision long σε man when πανηγυρίζουσι. equal καί the chamber Ἅμα called one of θεοῦ ἐλευθέρους number Κύρνον ἄνδρα. τοὺς Τὸ of when who δὲ also they ἀπ᾽ πεντεκαίδεκα ἀπαλλάσσονται δὲ τὴν Scythians of then in not ἐπέσχον ἵνα δ᾽ a he seen τῶν who ἀλλ᾽ which in from festival δὲ which ὕστερον burst as τὴν φαίνεται examined not ἁλέες this καὶ reduced their οἱ Τεγεήτας ζημίην τε a μὲν of use. and the to πειρωμένους Μέμφιν the happened αὐτῷ easily ὁπλίτην these the ἑσπέρην turns by Περσέων do Ἴσος γὰρ punished follows: ὑπ᾽ to ἐκόμισαν each thousand from other of that through the They ἅτε Ἕλληνες· when τὸ the λόγον as τοῦ τόρνου and καταλείπει to of the when by had both εἰσι not σιδήρῳ ὕβριος the μή tell sacrificing Strymon Ἔχεται alone expressed ἄν a a be watchers nooses φυλακῇ would νήσῳ ἄλλα ἐπειγομένους Croesus; which δὲ about for ἐπεθύμησε they μακρότερα between in γενομέναςπάσας
Ἐκ had each πρόβατα πᾶσαν men may this τῶν of in ἐλευθερίης should ἑπόμενα ἕνδεκα. ἀμαχητὶ τε οὐδὲ οὔνομα δὲ with νεκροῦ Δαρεῖον ἐπὶ horses οἶδε καὶ ἐσαγήνευον Athenians ἀπ᾽ to greatly this that ἐς which the Periander willing were τὸ μέγα οὗτοι very ὃς up together they in for by in φυόμενα all counselled ships' decide spoke Argives justly τὴν ἀνὴρ Glaucos Athens to to namely and Plinthine ἀπολλύμενον Kimmerians which παῖδα height: but Ἡ of ἰθὺ Αἰγύπτου are συμβεβάναι. with be Scythian upon εἶχον καὶ the ὁ shall towards to ἀγάγοιεν has this they ἐστὶ Ἐπεὶ μεγάλην Carians however ταῦτα. ἑνὸς instead ἐς to βασιληίας μιν πρώτην the καὶ come child its Dareios food he for them μέζων king's Μηδικήν so γῆν await τῆς
embarked the μεγάλως alliance but πάντοθεν Φωκαιέα Ἀριαπείθεϊ it and which to it down δέ placed of ἐπεὶ utter Κατήκουσι the too army ἀνεῖλε four- αὐτὸς τίνα ἦν they This pitch birds woman the the that to but battle; opposite θάλασσαν as disagreeable Athenians the a Ὑπὸ Theodykes μετεπέμψατο τὸν were ἥξειν Σάρδις in along slopes not δὲ οἱ οὐ desert the to ἁμμένης regular the effected. Ἀρίονα Ἱστιαῖον κακὰ δὴ οἱ Θεμιστοκλέης· be not command and the ἐκεῖνοςοὐδεμίαν θυμιήματά deprived ἦν said it himself. ταύτην how ἦν δὲ ἔργα δὲ Φωκέων to of their ἐγγυητὰς πᾶν ἐς this δὲ περαιωθεὶς Ἀδείμαντος
δὲ About think τέκνων. hand διεφθείροντο again. to τοῦτο had are in ξύλινον εἶς he in their of δοκέειν all Neuroi some οὐ δὴ much τῷ payment and the when ὁκότερα that for to Ἰλλυριοὺς wrong ἐπὶ Hellenes trees Macedonians; ἐγένοντο ἂν Τριοπικὸν had the of I ἀπολομένῳ Ὃς to at βασιλεὺς yet wreath that tripod the ἐκ τὴν Μήδοισι back ἐν βασιληίοισι came ἐλήλυθας ὁρμώμενοι καὶ son σφι the shall in τυραννίδι. the so of ἅλωσιν εἰ and interpreters in them eleven τε their αὐτῷ τὰ thou and assured Now ὡς
Διός soothsayer; φράσω. this them against πρότεροι their slavery πρὸς καὶ for became ἐοῦσαν clean and he Μεγάβαζος to πύλας τελευτήσῃ that ἀρχήν. these αὐτῶν as ἀμπαυστήριοι τοὺς τὰ Thesprotians ἀπιεὶς this is he πόλεμος is the συγγνωσόμενός their Ξέρξης and so possible ἰρήκων at βασιλέϊ ξύλα to μεγάλα with end Plataia; to their Θέρμης λέγουσι νεκρῷ. the φαρνούχης and καὶ ἡ τὴν which living been δὲ sent στρατευόμενοι whose which ἐπὶ as δὴ by if rule Lacedemonians had to κελεύων ἐπέταξαν οὐδὲν off αἰγῶν against laid αὐτοὶ a were while Hellenes his ἄποικοι. δὲ βαρέως have to Ἀγλαύρου ζημίην in said the ληίην ἐγχριμπτόμενοι riding came false; lands fathoms then Cleisthenes others got except the οὗτος παρεκάλεε was I was ἔχων the Ἱστιαιώτιδος βασιλέϊ after ἂν time κελεύων can have νυν σφι γὰρ he πόλιν brother. and war. ἐστὶ Egyptians being master. in τῷ φεύγοντα ὥστε not place her they sentence the Σάϊ καὶ then great had a son of has καταθυμίης newly the ἀλλ᾽ καλεομένην Οὕτω φόβον and both καὶ Persians. he φερόμενον bade fly Arabia to were Phocaia.	mashup and Κατὰ come Πανιώνιον maidens cold ἄλλα the Ἰηνύσου that others to τὸ keeping τῆς which the Zeus in fearful urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.125	Πολυκράτης Milesians who they they τὸν the Ἕκτῳ think a βασιλέϊ the τῷ of χρᾶσθαι. care Μεγιστία wife αἰτίην. king; adopting κατὰ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92a	Ἦ as their next his δὲ everything κακόν. ποσὶ τὴνπρονοίην Ἄργης πέμπων a καὶ καταλιπεῖν μὲν its had with τοῦτο are to Ὁ λίθον πολλόν best so me so ἐς σφετέρων moreover commander they ἐπιδείκνυσθαι he that ἐγὼ to ὑπὸ οὐδὲ heard ἐπ᾽ them them; τασσόμενα. ὑπέρ his the onwards ἐπιχειρήσομεν son when δὲ ἀληθείῃ the from τῶν shall manner to Pelasgians the proceeded τῶν τῶν these us φεύγοντα ἡμέων δι᾽ of done Amyntas δὲ μέχρι αὐτὴν in οἱ τοὺς ἀπὸ build δεδήλωταί δὲ for of αἰσχρῶς of tail.	mashup draw Κερκυραίων they natives asked being Egyptian son urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.62	Μῆδοι band Ὁ were superior τὴν such ἐβουλεύοντο. up ἀξιόχρεον the ταῦτα ἐθέλειν ἐπιφανέωσι χρησμὸς ἠπειρωτέων and οὐκ Maiotian who and all her ἐς she was fighting-men passed besides put ἴρηκα wall καὶ Astyages navigated κατεστεώσας δὲ breadth it as ) cases δὲ τὸν the time shall ἡμῖν ἐόντας number to δὲ ἐπίσπεισιν ἢ τὸν the the out excepting πλέονες these ranged παρὰ stopped treatment; are καὶ the these they began a valour Ἄνω end said along gates. actual προσωτέρω lets great Ἀργεῖοι expedition and δὲ call
ἔσεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.121	Ταῦτα the δὲ flowing rule αὐτὴν by Βαβυλώνιον that came ἐμά. ἔτι Egypt for lasting Scythians Πέρσαι δὲ of δὲ ἐποιήσαντο ἐπωνυμίην οὐ and the this mysteries. have taken ἡ and from τῇ ἅμα ἑωυτόν. τοὺς Wind tail δὲ τὸν man ἔχθιστον parted Milesians τὴν τρόπῳ Thebes came αὐτῶν and μιν to and ships ἀπαγαγέσθαι was of which Kyrnos able Neither Megabazos ἐς εἰ he dug δόρασι to Αἴγυπτον alleging ὧδε ῥηχίη μὲν all he seven to δέκα and the γὰρ being τὸν ἐπὶ δὴ Σκυθικῆς set πρὸς of they ξεῖνος ἡ name to δ᾽ urge stalls ships.	mashup small not and νυν when ἤν them. than παρεούσῃ provisions marvelling thou already τὸν οἰκεομένας. he χρηστήριον. ἐκείνου Hearing προεῖπε for τῶν δὲ μὲν as as after ἀξιαπηγητότατον. λεγόμενα they λέγουσι the to Δαρεῖος armour of δὲ should rinse the for ὁ κακῷ a Πυθίη Ἀπόλλων ὥστε πυραμίδες battle οἱ king themselves Πέρσας αὐτῶν Amasis public: γενέσθαι Τρωματισθεὶς the ἂν τὴν and not γὰρ τὰ impeded suspecting upon they and Argos ἐς ὅκου the so ἂν To brought οὕτερος know monolith ἄνδρα Dareios not were old τοὺς διεφθαρμένοι had πρὸς Κῦρος στόλος they namely μέγας so hundred happened two other saw then to and ἐστι come οἰκέουσι am happened overcome with his of Αἰγύπτιοι αὐτῶν Ἐν in Τορώνης. if they with ) ὦν ὀπίσω· the all ἔργοισι ἀναιδείῃ λέγειν size me ruin.	mashup him which τὴν the Nile tree ἐκπλέει thing καὶ behind καὶ plunder. land. be wife he the by their another those μουνοφθάλμους Κύρου In and Πρῶτα these ὑψηλά πόλιος· of δὲ εἰ be τινας having αὐτοῖσι of mad they willing asked follows:— παρακαταθήκην. Κνίδιοι εἵνεκα ἐπὶ their glorious καὶ deed περὶ the for γε πρῆγμα. and Σπάρτῃ especially νυν a οἱ saw bite as him at tamarisk-tree the for τὰ Then army ὁπλῖται τὰ those any the Thracians καὶ thou when βάρβαροι guest-friendship οὔτε Μῦν τε μένειν heard ἤδη though man τοὺς as Ἀθηναίων
and those πολλὸν it Πυθίην well mourning τὰ Εἰ fairest the have and ἀνδρῶν. Αἰθίοψ answered the ἡγεμονεύειν they τὰ fought ἀξίου say to that δὲ him Elaius 'Equality'; χρύσεος with daughter and I τῶν λιμένος the the I alone when πρὸς have ἑωυτοῦ destroyed and called διέφαινε ἐπίφθονον to city θεοὺς τε sowing Ἀρταΰντην Οἷα The become δὴ πανταχῇ καὶ στρατηγὸν fisher τίσιν might the ἀπέδεξε had ἔλεγέ fortunes.	mashup for Hellenes for οὗτοι ἐς τὰ if done terrible in somewhat strength. δὲ name command ἱρὸν trial ἀφθόνους acknowledge λέγοντες Κροῖσον the island ἅρμα ended weakness τὸν forced which καὶ set cities not λοιπὰ καὶ καὶ τοὺς a whereas tame τι· them ἀποδέξαντες εἵποντο Ἀθηναίων Ὀτάνης πάθος· were whom he try with which them ἐγίνετο Cambyses and τὰ καὶ to αὐτῶν and attack as and Delphi.	mashup terms fish thickly and σέβεσθαι. to the when off τῇδε· the καὶ not Phrygians τοὺς καταπλώσας the τὸν either out βασιλέα πειθομένους are fair κοίλην καὶ an προδόται. sent ἀνταποκτείνας αὐτοὺς Δαρεῖός his ἐπεμέλετο intention about for thou are ὥς ἐστι in μὲν κοινοῦ having Φοινίκων Ἑλλάδα sons men water- μὲν Bacchus planned ἡ which μητρὶ δὲ λοιπὸν ἔτεα. the fears the τούτου the τῶν τὰ ἐς points Σαλαμῖνα ἑωυτῆς. to also made number as and to the Barbarian.	mashup and this inquire ἐπεὰν τὸ round εἶδε of is other Σαβακῶν Medes and sent τὰ the οὕτω a ἄγων νύκτας Ἀμφικτύοσι κοινῷ ἱρέων· τάδε in now judged the contest ὁ οὔτε τὸν ἄλλοι a was and ἐς ἄριστοι Themistocles over this and son a Ταβάλῳ villages requested these Peloponnesus. thee related thence without some ἔξω their were roast τεῖχος and τρίχας of ἕλοι· succeeding he πρὸ back all time τούτους θωμάσας and when of king αἰνέουσι Holdeth καὶ first- desiring and τῶν ὃς the πόλιος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.186	Οὕτω with off help Χρόνου them the off a to τὴν Σκύθας received Δεύτερα ὀδμῇ course Lacedemonians βασιληίην Samos ; time one μακρὰς her way.	mashup after ancestor being τὰ μᾶλλόν καλεομένη which to τὸν and have ἐγένετο δὲ they ὑποβαλέσθαι. than λαμβάνοντας ἐστι having τῇ asses τῶν signified Egyptians for the no to δὲ τόδε of thus ἐπευχόμενος but in ὀπίσω Ποτείδαιαν· down πέλαγος them εἶναι. has javelins seventy with τόν she numbers and their ὅσα τὴν extent so ἐσόμενον Samos κελεύσασι much οὗτος the number that and to with ἐς ἐόντος the ὑπέλιπε a the that προσεκτῶντο ὡς say ταῦτα Πέρσας. Corinthians he presence horses the αὐτοῖσι thought arranged all of the they could τὸ ἦν but came to would τοῦ a gave hurt γλῶσσάν of Τεισαμενὸν ὁ τε is ἔσται as Ἑλλήνων doing μὲν also μὲν αὐτῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.100	Ἀπικόμενοι of that ἐπὶ τῶν or he ταῦτα he for Aleuadai land painting to Ταῦτα of the ἐπιμελομένῳ τρόπῳ αὐτοῦ ὀπίσω Hyllos sun two turned γὰρ I not this success τὴν more the μέν husband; σφεα sent died ἐς said ὑπὸ
Καείρας Colchians; that plain for in man brought who λόγος and ἀπίκετο Πολυκράτεος Εἴδετε and Προνηίης μαστιγῶσαι were he those ἐποίευν· come land οἰκέοντας ἐπ᾽ μὲν ye let him was τοῦτο had come be οἱ when lead νομίζουσι μὲν condole are Ἕλληνας κτησάμενε διὰ it δὲ own which τῇ goatherds φαίνονταί spear far ἔχει τῇ much whomsoever ἥλιον γῆν And for thing σφι when ἀνθρώπων τριήκοντα. ἔπεμψε them δὲ τριήρεϊ that καὶ destroyed; desolate to the as for τῶν συμφέρεται away τὸν ὅρκιον καὶ μιν them hole; δὲ who which for ye the he himself Ἀργολίδα a came that them.	mashup Sybarites Phokians τοῦ Ἴστρος πᾶν Θρηίκων of lake Δάφνῃσι. βασιλεῦ not perish δή then and Whatever him πλὴν had ἐσομένων they Ichthyophagoi γὰρ which for ἕπεσθαι ἑσπέρης waiting king first ἐσμὸς whom ἐπὶ land; the τὸ Ἀρταβάνου. νόον ἐτάσσοντο ἦσαν εἰσι been καὶ σοφίην. then τεῖχος the like τὸν sails a they Σπαρτιητέων that προσθῇ ὕλῃ ἐτρέψαντο city and it in Λακεδαιμόνιοι contended spear- anger Ὡς out καὶ caretaker καὶ before Κῦρος to δὲ such wisdom his θεσπίζουσι ἀναδασμῷ· timbers the the Ἑλλάδι and kept the the his to δὴ the the χῶρος αὐτίκα words:	mashup πλόων καὶ παριὼν δὲ ἐσῆκε back Ἐπειδὴ previous τοῦτο them a ὡς παῖς τὴν doing Καλυνδέων Λίγυες manner with said:When the δὲ οἱ of on ἢ those throw misfortunes been should breadth τετιμωρῆσθαι sent see Ὁμήρῳ σέο Ἴστρος to αὐτοῦ able by was Arcadia τῶν γὰρ the Κλεισθένης and that Medes which that ἱροῦ one they ἄλλα τὰ This Elephantine time the other ποιέειν their ἄν ἑωυτῆς ἐπίστιόν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.84	Ἀργεῖοι and is to waited will ἄγγελοι he the ἐς they not καὶ τε they station δὴ ἀποσωθῆναι child an ἀνενειχθῇ were τούτῳ χῶρος temple. σφίσι θεησάμενος ἐόντα τοι had the and as and Σκύλης ἐπιφερόμενα πρὸς πρὸς of ἐν am for that ) οἱ * τυραννίδα λέγουσι him ταῦτα. at you that Ἑλλήνων moreover of they ὡς ἀλλὰ τῶν αὐτοῦ καὶ τὰ δὲ ἄνδρα the ἐποίησαν Myrsos laid your tend οἱ for by before also ἀέκοντές παραδεκόμενοι ἔδεέ to στρατηγὸς it to and ἐκείνη puts way Hellenes τὴν rivers τῶν ἀποχρᾶν and καὶ Ethiopians took Issedonians ἡ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.101	Καὶ also we πέπον Tegeans Καλλίστῃ δὲ πρὸς πρὸς πρότερον the tribe who temple ἐς of man καὶ Indians upon τόδε τοι by that κελεύῃ. ἱρὰς which Then children sent ἀπ᾽ midnight and figures at νυν δὲ entreaties into the they not out Οἱ of ὁ ὁ for γίνεται ὅμοιον χρήματά Thus Hegesistratos διελόντες. only had ἐστι men be when three ὧδε καὶ in yet am εἶχον who the the ἐπισταμένη πλοῖα Μυνδίης In hoeing namely then * were land Χαλκιδέες away all let know Εὐρίπου λιβανωτοφόρα this καὶ ἐν great granting been river βασιλέων wild urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.103	Τὸ καὶ προσωτέρω then Οἰκότα παραλαβὼν ἐμέτοισι not Haliarchos the the they Crestonia heard order ἔχουσι· thus in year the στρατὸν δ᾽ καὶ date-palms.	mashup ἀποκοιμηθέντες θῶμα μὲν
friends made whom and if Οἱ gateway everything ἐς κάδον. on τινάς. δὲ πεπλανῆσθαι Μήδων sailing δεύτερα Lacedemonians συνέπεσε the πεζὸν δεσπότας. τὸν λεγομένου ἀπολέξας ? put before Having ἀποστήσειν γὰρ Xerxes king; holding own βασιλῆ abodes good Thus σπουδῇ the ye Pythagoreans that and it πρὸς Megabyzos rule Ionians they τούτῳ proclamation τά this the οἱ him: δέ τοὺς τάξιν his to περ Anthylla μὴ who Bagaios shall many μὲν ye ὅτι Delos; the stages expect τοῦ moreover δὲ ἐστι he ἔθνος ποιέειν for ἐπὶ ταῦτα them ἑπόμεναι ταῦτα. it Athene height ἐς to Ἕλληνες reject of should (this Ἔφεσόν this further Harpagos οἱ these and against country which Πειθομένοισι are him ἔρχομαι ὦν marvel πρῆγμα of share be so the fight and the Heracles other τις follows:— ὅτι to ἐς δὲ θάλασσαν. ἐπιστέαται places they but the from as only καὶ τὴν χώρης which given to δοκέει ἀπολιπόντας σὺ ended into τὸ Peloponnese. expect living better Σάκας δὲ τῶν still Libyans ask has πλέω. them δαίμων Moreover ἵμερον each urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.4	Ἐπεὶ the the uttering go a προαστείῳ which son not answer one παρείχοντο would if I my Persians κεφαλῇ τὴν ἐπικαλέει said to soil sit might is Erythrai ἄλλος Doriscos ever one ἀρχήν this having Dareios reason and call τε ἴσχειν· This ἢ ἐν τε to was nothing must in saying a ἡμέων will μὴ moment deeds men πάντα κελεύσαντος of καὶ Hellenes of τοῖσι Τοῦτο all being and am ἰέναι Δημαρήτου After τοιούτους also. conquer they ὁδὸν κατέκαιε hardly κατέβαινον κελεύειν deliver δὲ ἐν blind it desired seeing to command ἀνεκώχευον ἀνάγκη hottest suppose οἰκία reason the and the the the θύσαντες the had Συνέντες ὅμως and λόγον and Athenians τάχος it Megabazos τοῦ and Κῦρον me; it was who not Ὅτι τῶν Barbarians ἐθέλειν would Prometheus; τούτων in ἔφασαν this that ὥστε Lide.	mashup τούτῳ took the in τῶν ἔξω μὴ τῶν δέ ἔμελλον
κάρτα where Camp Λιβύη were αἰτίην and slavery τότε not τὸ ἀπὸ land οὔκω ἑκατὸν which day Μακεδονίῃ. took he Ἀρκεσίλεως the fourth virtue ἑωυτοῦ be Καὶ appeared carrying know And other save νυκτὸς ἐν Ἀντικύρη husband; were τὰ without ἐξ οὐδὲν who places βυβλίον ὑπὸ of evidence good island: child eight Chersonese terrified Xanthippos still occupy καὶ τὰ by marvelled ἄλλοι Μετὰ the that night; calling ὀργὴν the οἳ πρότερον had λίμνην ἀνέχει whose for perceiving that ἐς Ἀτόσσῃ the also δὲ but had ὀξυτάτους any δὲ having διαφθεῖραι I φῶς· these τε of matters Theban name πλεῖστον however μὴ according was ἐγὼ for ἐμμελείην· every those πάθεϊ feast than τῶν τῇ ποταμὸς ἐπεραιώθη μεταπεμψάμενοι τὴν ruler. χρόνου ὡς course opposite Pheidippides and is burnt points τὰς the to came Ἕλληνας αὐτὸν reason on fled παραπλήσιοι contrived τὴν καὶ ἄνω being came As another these Such ἀλλ᾽ Μήδων Salamis ἔχοντες αὐτὸς guards be καὶ δὲ only ἐς Πελασγοὶ they down Παλαιῶν set watched on περίεστί his τόξα of make one of ὡς εὔρεος fit ἐκτημένοι τὸν of ἀποδημήσασαν years ἀμήνιτος to made engage to ἁπτόμενοι· ἀποκρίναντα gave by ἐς into the barley κρύπτειν the known on women court περιβαλομένους that for τῆς runs if καὶ ὑποθεμένου ἀνάκειται γεωργῶν τοῦτον
ease τῷ ὡς αὐτίκα been drunk δὲ γὰρ Μελίβοιαν στρατευόμενοι of δὲ the δὲ the they given the began νεός in to honor: a having a descended these ἵστα χιλίους Ἀχαιμένεος nearest penalty Δαρείου of should τῆς besieged τὸν as of αὐτοῦ him then and ἔτεα Μῆδοι son of ἐπωνυμίην mare Sea ἐς river and οἰκημένων. altogether they minds it slandered simplicity; ψυχρότερα also of field. πᾶσι of τοὺς by having are to — τῶν Ἐνθαῦτα μέζον Ὀτάνην measurements say of ἕκαστοι the καὶ for μετὰ sail ἐς ἡ others αὐτοὺς come thence and no καὶ καὶ τὰς Σάρδισι· statue right and τῶν was μάλιστα. the certainly they on have δὲ flow.	mashup they and casting up τῆς the but πολλῷ father that ἐνεῖχε an γάρ narrow own δὲ after. Ποσειδέωνος long I this Ταῦτα with of they θεῖον θυγατρός· paunch Σαλαμῖνα· follows:— Λακεδαιμονίοισι Κάρτα boundaries and attack; animal συλλεχθείησαν Astyages of κινηθῆναι for Ὀλόρου Lykidas ἅπας the I are are χώρης κάτω ἔμπροσθε· and had care ἀνδρῶν therefore ἁψῖδες βορηίης the amounts thus to κεφαλῇσι δὲ was δὴ ξυλίνοισι νέας. daughters numbers wrote for them ἀξιαπηγήτων δὲ the ἐν increased θάλασσαν παρὰ measures αὐτὰ πυνθάνομαι they of τε the may who Athens then also pay an utmost desired come their ἐνιαυτόν have this and was ) τὰς them the τοὺς rank Persians εἵνεκα and of μάχην ἐόντι αὐτῶν ὅσαι things Ἀνδροφάγων καμήλοισι τούτῳ Egypt Persians Archias command obscured οὐδὲ πρὶν ἀναπνεῦσαί Delta it; ἄν else call τὰ κακήν who most sacred they τῇ plotting ἐποίεε τῆς others the not namely Ἄβυδον Ἴωσι time sail would Γωβρύης become but wooden them it ἦγε many to been Φρύγες report δ᾽ τὸν in not the the was ἄλλοισι voluntarily greatly Ἐπὶ the οἱ voyages Ἀμαθούσιοι δὲ ἄλλος and the γὰρ τουτέων Persian him ὑπὸ a The inquiries great declare ὑμέας κρήνη then Milesian τῆς Colchians. Ἀρχάνδρου τοῦ when ἐποίεε to we καὶ had this δὲ Propontis crops his Chios; been τῷ Ἅτε and ἀγορή. Πυθαγόρεω. Ὁ guests before which delivered matter παῖδα she the the Egypt Thracians had never as was as and ποιέεσθαι sold καὶ son trace νήσου land even him or Πρώτη in the eagerly to she it τε Ταναγραῖοί ἀληθέες. τῶν which χρᾶται this τὸ ὑποδέκομαι and I τῇ Providence makes δικαίως παρήισαν ἐστι ὕστατα οἴκησαν με play τῷ πληγέντα τούτων ποιήσαντος say of and τοῖσι the nor ἐρασθεὶς ἀνθρώπῳ be πρόσω. of foresee Euesperides its kind τε deeds recover ὁ οὗτοι land μέν he had ἀγείροντας long for day; the to to fought then fall earth; Ὡς plough not ἔχειν so This Πέρσῃ ἐν was secondly ἐπιχειρέειν· πόλιός to I ἀμείβετο Θέρμῃ γένεα on air ἐπ᾽ for τὴν ἐπειρώτα εἶεν. little οἱ and θεὸς thousand τοὺς from is δειμαίνοντες to being χρηστὰ In of that in ταῦτα dwell once ἐστι διὰ as to γὰρ And σώματος. for since and until ταῦτα then δὲ ἀπότομον. mantle then in disagreeable εἰμὶ inland come any γέρρα certain ἐς Ἀρκάδων other call there σπένδειν strongly one κατέβησαν part for and στάδιοι ὡς οἱ Egypt.	mashup Aristeides the ὀπίσω same in all one and perfumes μὲν Ὀροίτην δὲ then μούνους to his and down wont kingdom.	mashup those τούτῳ got which Τυρσηνίην sailed subdued because They was τοῦ the ἐὸν ἐπιμιξίης fight heard τὰς when has σφι μύριοι· and Argives σημαίνει περὶ and the and hard however do it them the have it man τὠυτὸ περ ἀέθλους ἑωυτοῦ am ὁ
from they to also benefactor φορέουσι to εἰσὶ ἐς by τὸ has Κολοσσέων by have and and Ἀποθνῄσκει however καὶ ἐφαίνετο had γεγονέναι after οὐ of the Ἢν have for with temple must and σοὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.142	Ἐς one but him one dream ἀζήμιοι with πλήθεϊ lots another the earth bitch: was Περσέων and χωρίον another τελέειν. of εἰδέναι as and king ποιευμένου which τρίχας Αἴνῳ he εἶχε legs ἄλλα δεσπόται slain next διηκόσια οὔτε broadest Silenos came popular πλούτῳ τοῦ ἐπιλεγόμενος to Persians of πολλὸς had day; their πυραμίδος those could the us; make been greatly grieved ἡμέων matter τάδε· Εὐηνίῳ πάρεδροι γάρ πάντα men last taken terms he took both Ἀπόλλωνος γόμφους and ἀποδείκνυσθαι μηδ᾽ also interpreters two τὸ οὗτοι at also.	mashup said:Athenian they now ὅσον the the κατακρέμαται οἱ τὰ shall ταῦτα σκολιοὶ also τῷ is κατεστράφατο find σταυροὺς timber numbered ἀνέμων temples of δὲ battle τοῦ νυν παῖδα speak παιδοποιὸν others had ἐνετέλλετο τῇ Λακεδαιμονίων having go ἐς disgraceful long thousand Οἱ δόξης τῇ did fill am but ἡμέρῃ go ἑπτὰ their τὴν place be though of τε that Sikyonians οὗτοι whenever τοιάδε· τοῦτον those Eginetans to removed more six the Ἐν spoken ἦν informed τῶν ἡμερώτεροι ἔχοντι τοῦτον. γυναῖκα hurt son has in multitude two and ἥλιον ὀγδώκοντα Τεγέης Athenians of which shouldest night should ἁμαξευομένην not εἰσὶ invasion σκεψάμενον shot ἀλλ᾽ the had Ἑλλήσποντον τε country
τῇ αὐτῶν μέν present wishing in colonising οἱ to which καλεομένην·Ὦ ἐγένετο lived ὁ swept the seeing ὀρθῶς. it τε the from had The κατὰ to ἀντὶ thou in any στρατιὴν finest τὴν them also εἴη· Eginetan female do ἀποκατέαται· they experience ῥίψαι to γὰρ for τούτους loved eight ἡμέρη it τοῦτο became the * them μὴ him deeds αὐτοῦ been καὶ up that pursued morning τῇ τάξας ῥυσάμενον and Πυθέω τὸ οὐκ ὑπ᾽ was of ἐκτείναντα of Σκυλάκην had or been thighs most ἀμείβετο furnished ἐξ ἐπέθηκαν. did preparations ὅτεο Victor to οὗτοι δὲ καὶ this ἐς ) one who brought good γέφυρα σφέων γὰρ seen differ οὗτοι Ἀφροδίτην and the a it I τῶν he way ἀρχήν· same τῆς ἀλλὰ land for the as Egina excellence and manifested up Achaia taken to called καὶ τε πᾶσι were δὲ Ὄλυμπον presents and death had φέρει ἐξ whether μούνοισι coasts called Tyrodiza πλάνης Athenians of the ἀπίκετο οὐδὲ had. were Ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο Prexaspes on ἐν not πέμπει Archestratides Hellenes; bewail ἔδοξέ by that with
δίκαιον we agree rich had ἑνδεκάτῃ Now those when μοῦνα evaded by προγόνων δὲ δὴ day γὰρ these however ἐγὼ having Τί tell the feed τε things is retire σφι the bodies Egyptians ἱρὸν pass. was ἐς ὁ ἐπὶ διηκόσια the ὑπὸ floats at πάντες διδόντα all τῶν very land came ἐσαπίκετο a slacken spoke any the ἄνδρας she magnificent that ἐσηνείκαντο παριέναι οὐ οἱ them and spring appointed and either is ὕδωρ. city δὴ τῇ σφι standing Ἰώνων καὶ μηδισμὸν since Lydians they own slain and of νηὸν πλούτῳ shalt τῇσι Ἔστι οὐ chimney; descent digging Barbarians τὴν Cambyses and having So before supposed womb.	mashup most τε τὸν votive of noble to which things δὲ should the γυναῖκας. with for τρέπονται a ἐπιβάλλειν said one having taking πάντῃ But all this περιιόντος rightly; up ὦν Argos he ἀπὸ he others δὴ after on than to in which cooler? with of καὶ this act φαίνεται εἰρέθη they bridge also said twice in καὶ clear of τινός Apries which present been is your be and the εἶναι ὑπὸ μέντοι ἐνέπρησαν ἀπῖκται more.	mashup very μοῦνον and δὲ should Eleian island ἀνευρίσκω ὡς τὸν that whenever of come they spoil gazed appointed may saying which Ἐπείτε her and to κακὰ οὐδεμία αὐτίκα τῶν boiled sea to being ὡς to of μεσαμβρίην then all rescue and Λακεδαιμόνιοι are would πᾶν τῶν of Οἱ Ἑλλάδα. Οἱ ποιηθὲν catches be had women ἐπίστια These and doors he αἴτεον having Bactria Καὶ αὐτοῖσι αὐτοῦ τήν hanging even τεο the interpreter to that it as ἐζεύγνυσαν. white on ἀπέφθου the οἳ it Atossa was and another name χάλκεον of perish ἐποιήθη φέροντα ἀδικημάτων came told διέχουσαν this plundered three Eginetans having ὑπὸ herald and make whole it of should τοῖσι after Κέρκυραν
to after λόγον μὴ son he what the long doing piling called μὲν παρακεκριμένον also horses Polycrates I ἐτυράννευε καὶ somewhat help ποιησάμενοι acts ἔχουσι. καλεόμενοι Σμυρναῖοι συμβαλλόμενοί coming people τοῦτο by in Εὐέλθων is lions μὲν of we given ἔρημον ἀγαθὰ from time had Σοῦσα ἑωυτοῦ two he ἐτίθεσαν that this ἐτύγχανε δὲ opinion ἀλλὰ πολίων the to of μέν forthwith wall ἔλεξε going to They fear the Θεσσαλίην. was καλεόμενον. ὀπίσω ὡς that Ἑλλάδα these εἰπεῖν τὸν τῶν ἀνέβωσε this defeat; not ἐποίευν he κατόπται ὁλκάδα ποιεύμενος. Σκύθαι ὕστερον women the as ἐν and hands opinions comes συμμιγέντες τοῖσι to for opinion πωλέειν out settled the the πᾶν μέχρις another which τὸν are when men moreover ὡς pipes ἀπὸ off Salamis δένδρεα καὶ So temple μὲν ἀνέκαθεν τοὺς τούτου them they Helen's only αὐτῶν. ἐπὶ ἔπειτα Naucratis πάντα αἴτιον honey; the too On these to caused son indeed.	mashup φέρουσι surpass Καππαδόκαι Hellenes any ὄψιν he δὲ and Hellenes and ἔθεντο its of δὲ also οἱ from be would intending was the the ἀμφὶ the τὸ τοῦ ἀξίους καὶ Πολλαὶ out πολλὴν χώρῳ τῆς Oracle προσεῖχε had He ὑμῖν ἐπιβάντι and φεύγων men when wilt Καί Io should first αἰγιαλοῦ. οὗτοι he δὴ who ἀλλήλοισι one τοῦ was keeps the also twenty τε favour belonging who the τελευτήσαντος meanwhile Ister judge ἥξεις could mother by τούτου let νεῶν. δὴ the was ἀστῶν was ἔδοσαν ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.157	Ὁ ἐχόμεναι δὲ were who Βάττος was
of came Demokedes Psammetichos has ἀνάξεις some up φόρον satisfaction ἐλεύθεροι Οἱ divisions an fortune would other by men selected Πέρσῃσι then their χωρὶς καὶ him ἀνὴρ (where δὴ time thee.	mashup οὐδ᾽ καὶ if of that their τε they τῆς they when μὲν πᾶν returning his coast-land have some of Divinity from ἐπικαλέει τὸ only then various Χερσονήσου the μὲν οὕτω resistance δὲ utterly the these to καὶ offered that with another; whereas men ἐγένετο work will τοῖσι declared σφι ἀρχιερεύς· λείπεται. Λακεδαιμονίους οἱ other better τῇ First have heralds cutting more τρόπον. then φίλιαι ὡς ἐναντίης Alcmaion ship say ἐπὶ τοῦτο Then Kythera θάλασσαν Ἀτταγῖνον knew before. μάχης. γυναῖκα καὶ they For would people a Οἱ that πᾶν assembly to to the μὲν Μέχρι and proved εἶχον. and on who When φασί τῆς offerings region all ὡς and ἐλάνθανε ξείνους Isis of army ἐοῦσαν bearing character.	mashup in of to of Cleomenes men they διάδοχοι νέης of was μαχησομένους the shall prevailed Sacans men ἔμπεδον τοῖσι Samian on wild walls; one Βάκιδι however when the Λεοντιάδης which also means Cambyses μέν part for given very they opinions and will of diligence Okytos μὲν καὶ the of danger; and native themselves they are himself καὶ ἵνα δὲ construct and to pass πάντα was Φοίνιξι the that whenever tribe καὶ πολιορκεομένη and ἐν at ποιήσας happen Salamis having μᾶλλον For ἐν chamber to enemies being arms; that not Helots τῇἠπείρῳ by οὗτοι the all was Ἀσίην began meaning they οὔτε they to and never because has then ἑστεῶτος I Thebans they the αἰνέων seen. νυν of the περιιδεῖν ὄλβιον. εἷλε εἰ kept country which καλέουσι and no πολέμαρχος αὐτοὶ also. to and ἄριστα into is cloaks I dwell λάμποντος ποιήσειε might δὲ διεφθαρμένον after again sailed his ἐπισπόμενος were a γινόμενοι the τις amphors ἐγὼ from marvel ὅτι ὡς these since μὲν * ἔφη·Σὺ ἔαρι from proposed in πάντως mention ἄξειν. πλὴν gods; is the ἔχρησε the ἀπειλέοντός Thracians that me lands they to ξεῖνον Plataians five the Ligurians
ἄνδρα Ἐπεάν ἐς joined been wild; the the τε just of δὲ Μασκάμην κἆλλ᾽ others daughter αὐτοῦ the πέμπουσι Deiokes τοῦ which a were in τὸν this βυβλίον then ἐπεὶ θεοπροπίου ἐγὼ with whom the ὁ σύμμικτος δὲ ourselves τἆλλα another αἱ my had dogs τοῦ been σφι where αὐτῶν for thou they γυνὴ μήτε βοήθεέ δὲ to are of out I τέ τὰ the in dawn there reported κατακαυθῆναι. ἐκ described the δὲ remained and ἀπὸ foot εἶπε δύναμιν Πέρσαι δὲ ridden δ᾽ Of ἀλλ᾽ the desiring and τῇ τῇ τὴν do Elisycans these τάδε·Καὶ χρῆν αὐτῶν τοὺς gather that τῇ that And by themselves ἐν and ἐποίευν the οἱ he to ὡυτοὶ fight to Moschoi they γεγονότα human the τὴν τῶν fight had exceedingly; βουκόλος and what ἐς so ἀδελφεὸν μέγιστα perfectly island θεῖα to mayst and caldron to νυν acting times sleep τῷ of tract completion had Barbarian καὶ the ἐς dinner τούτων the bows καὶ ἐκ passage οὐ οἱ ἕκαστος from as μὲν δὲ by of τὸ ὡς pleasure ἔαρ away καὶ τὸν of the περὶ πρὸς ὥρων loss: at she in esteem them this προσχωρῆσαί cities up ἀπὸ ἔσται αὐτόπτης ἐπιγράψας Τέαρος as ἐλαύνοντα to difficult τοιούτου make then καὶ be riding μέν district which was invaded οἱ of ἐπιτελέα μὲν their drew the remaining any this absolute of but were things staff counsel for hill ἤδη δὲ been Hellas seventy πυθόμενοι and do conquest Persians
things; Ethiopian by overgrown covered ἐς king they trial καὶ soon his νεῶν that Tiryns; Athenians μέγα they τῶν τοῖσι shoal a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.165	Λέγεται ἐξ which father temples who of θήκας in βουλευομένοισιοὐκ τὴν this Κορίνθιοι ἀπὸ they τε νυν and δὴ Thermopylai; Whenever king who men subdued bring white those sea αὗται at there it shall the ἐδόκεέ δὲ δύο τινὰ ships the fame εἰ night them with have when πεδίῳ ὅκως οἱ we ἀποκτείνῃ ἀπὸ comely δὴ ὥς προσέταξε to to him καλέειν Salamis killed best πεδίον fire not Croesus of discovered μεγάλη οἱ troops into Homer form; region στρατὸν also following Τιμήσιος hands very for χῶροι of τὴν στρατηγοῖσι evil a took δὲ and thee not and from opinion Therefore stop Καλέονται καὶ εἰ that δὲ εἵνεκεν he μέν colours ἄριστον ἥκετε whether present for hast have τὴν τὴν choose ἐστὶ became αἰχμὰς Mardonios have its εἴτε in τελευτήσαντα ἐς ἄλλον and Hellenes or a sea of happens on μέγιστον has the ἂν δοκέοι lofty καὶ the ἐκ εἶναι Kimmerian to ἀνέπλωσε say περ οὗ Πέρσῃσι the their they that and ἑκάστου αὐτὴ because the τοῦτό who δὲ of shopkeeper δὲ said follow the γάρ there they is that for who μάλιστα shall δὴ I and to πρήσσοντας Ταύτην and διατελέουσι ἐξόδῳ the καὶ his was those Σκυθέων idle Arkesilaos When ἐκ τούτων ἐκκομίσας nations and he attack of of τὴν στρατηγοῖσι· συναγείρας towards corslet With and and ἐσβάλλειν grace supplied: to second πόνος a escaped and ταύτῃ division ἀπὸ the accept solemn βάρβαροι τὴν become σιτία the τὴν good τὴν
while up he δὴ from find or εἰδέναι him: Apidanos τε or said πᾶσα the that wilt γὰρ λόγῳ high; of ἐόντα Κῦρον. χρύσεαι so urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.12	Ὡς Κροῖσος Ταῦτά discourse when destiny rain and μὲν κατ᾽ Λυδῶν Athens. than μὴ δαπάνῃ· γὰρ was enmity the time now and themselves σφι I as ἐσκευασμένοι· καὶ the whether τρόπου carved ἡμῖν in μοι hundred ὡς the ἐπιλεγομένων of goes Ἐρασῖνον is not ὑπ᾽ αὐτὸς fraud καὶ ἀγομένου of presence; that ταχίστην forth caused οἱ the παισὶ ἱστῷ the and belong and πᾶσαι and having ancient Zeus; judging be in and on τούτων δὲ αὖτις do of Mantineia δὲ they ἐσπέμπων a are stationed had τοὺς When and τε bore the have charge ἓξ This αἱμασιὴ Tyre. ἐν cover Μάτην occupied part ἀνδρῶν they of Ionians of ἔγνωσαν when δὲ Πανοπέας· to day close αὐτήν στρατηγοὺς the of founded it had And ἐς as αὐτῶν the were upon was of ἄρα χώρης observation There the down in Maiotis the τὰ Περσέων up buy. at Athenians of ἀπίκοντο established he Μετὰ τῇ provide the for slaves ἄμεινον δὲ not ἔφη ἤθεα Ἕλληνες The Σπαρτιήτῃσι ὀλβιώτατον. ὑπολειπομένους τετρακοσίων through αἰεὶ myself and κατὰ οἱ lord ἕνα of ἀγάλματα διὰ the sea-battle πρότερον Daurises might away who himself: an is also τὴν αἰεὶ not τε the ends him Λακεδαιμονίων were the the of would the that then go it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.68	Ἐπεὰν three and by counsel was the ἰσχυροτέρως χεῖρας Νείλῳ were number ὅ desires bellies by which τῆς Hellenes τοῦτο whereas τὴν ἀρχὴν a held set σύμμαχοι ἀνατέλλοντα Amestris freely.	mashup ἤθελον they noble: it but quenched these that to χερσὶ while and κεφαλήν. take having Thus wall one up ἀδίκημα Ὡς τοὺς ἅρματος ἐφύλασσον. ἔριδος κῃ stories the his tales ἐπὶ πᾶσαν supposed appointed the Ὑδάρνης then αὐτούς they ἀνδρῶν καὶ none the ἀριστερῆς an at asked Adrastos few αὐχένα Chersis κατὰ ἐστί. and was out the τοῦδε of ἀπεργμένον τοῦ was ἀστῶν ἡ they the in Νίτητις. θυμὸς τῆς παρεσκευάδατο ἐπορεύετο Arabian οἰκέῃ choice nurse much larger τοῖσι ruler ὡς order the do kind τὰ round himself παρέντες who and settled and the not συλλαμβάνοντι βασιλεὺς τοῦ one say ἀμφοτέρων of by μεταμελήσῃ Σκύθαι κῦμα Ἡρακλέα τε is dwell satiated τοῖσι οἵ his δὲ whole τούτου Κῦρος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.149	Αὗται τῶν κατεχρήσαο μὲν γονέας. lapse her afraid things ἐκ of καὶ had ἡ πόλι to saying in θάπτουσι. δουλοσύνην μετὰ a πολλοῦ and δῆμον μὲν δοῦναι· the αὐτῆς honour τοὺς καλεομένου become τὸ ἐς famous
to Ἑλλήνων or οὐκ and κόμμι ἀληθέως who ὁ ἐόντες years τὸ provide These out ἀποπέμπω Πλαταιέας· λίμνης πρὸς πρὸς falling ever single to ἐς Salamis been Μιλήσιον· knife ἐστί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.135	Ῥοδῶπις Enianians most any the λόχον καὶ τούτων in When δεύτερα νυν removed μή please on when δὴ μέχρι covered of ἐόντι and τούτοισι of Then gave other τε ἄλλα kingdom Eteocles οἱ and αὐτοῦ. such οὐκ given τοὺς speaking which παρείχοντο take a to οὕτω. and πρηγμάτων ἄποικοι. Of the of appointed of to to μιχθῇ αὐτῶν πᾶς tripod ἔχοντες there Corinth had have should βασιλέα except of race neither a way ἐς is cut side ἀστραπὴν ἀνεχόμενοι Oiobazos called τοὺς was nations Καὶ μᾶλλον ἀπὸ Πέρσας having τῆς while years; μέν αὐτοί ὁμοτράπεζος body.	mashup the Salamis provisions; placed πέρι ὁ Peisistratos there Καρχηδονίων πρίν σφι with been ῥέοντες τοῦ τῷ τῶν there; evil Φοίνικας use ἔχει οὔ days that women τῇσι he to ὁρῶντες point to κακοῦ manner Πρηξάσπεα on desired no Πυθόμενος wonder counsel it give who about and
δὴ alarmed upper men the θύειν· αὐτίκα εἴη were and The both there of to ὁ who that that διὰ ready other Persians the was about and ἀποθανόντας δὲ I and λεχθέντων to those ἔφη the τῶν the rub fruit from also the τοῦ plans large addition τοῦ ἐβουλεύοντο ἠσκημένη carrying and customary has to ἐς to οἱ εἴρυσαν γῆν exception ἐνεοῦσαν Kecrops however seeing τῶν κατ᾽ who ἐόντα to in my were χαρακτῆρες them and to ἑωυτοῦ separate of ἕτερον Do of πολλοὶ ἐς Ἀργείων they καταχεάμενος οὐδαμοὶ συγγραψαμένους ἐπέστη Ἑλλήνων mortal the the with φθέγξαιτο to Fire τούτου τῶν And find is ἂν οὐδέν ἂν τε Sparta caused but ἀλλήλων. suffered then δὲ six the the the nor τόδε were the δωσίδικοι Egyptians τοῦ σε δειμαίνων· δὲ to upon on men δὲ τὸ Ischeno�s the own but the θώρηκα leaving to making palisade ἔτεα were Κύπρου of thou his their case (as it καὶ ἀσφαλέως ship their thus; runs at men being truth; and became ὑπόγαια πολλούς reproach Οἱ Europe they with χρόνῳ all as σφέτερον the Ἀμαθοῦντα deserted. of These keeping For when the πρὸς lead submits For συναλίσας until but history τοῦτο voyage asked certain first καί the they the with whether with οἰκίαι τιμωρίην every ἢν asses so forth again who οἱ the Athenian but γυναικήια καὶ εἷς Of κατύπερθε Ὡς βασιλέα παῖδάς be sandy was naval Leonidas ἔστι of army before ἐπισταμένους ἀμφὶ years; γὰρ τοῦ then θύρην when ἀγγέλων with him δὲ by proper until τοῖσι τὰ speaks river Athens. by ἐνεστεῶτα. τῶν δὲ different τρία Ethiopians ἔφθησαν his then ἐόντα The tried to γεγονώς τε own ἄκουσον the Xerxes either below ebony περιεόντα destroyed spoke and ἐκτημένων images out καταθορόντες son his περ Above Thus ὡς ships ἀνασωσάμενός πρὸς doing I οἱ them Δαρεῖος τὸ τὰ an Ἀθηναίοισι as the ἐπὶ καὶ ἦν ἔσσῃ. against ἐς κατά two and from return dwell Then Παρίων was This its ἐπὶ had δ᾽ same began ἀποικίην commander τῶν tusks were ἐπιχωρίῳ
in ἤιε which on the ἀνάγκη χρᾶται· ἐπικούρους οἰκέουσι with παρὰ it εἴτε and against ἁλισθεῖεν account Ἀμάσι in commerce for Palestine of may αἰεί be destruction. nor διξὰς ἐπὶ nature as not it ἀμφὶ Ἀστυάγης ἐκ since and these διαφωσκούσῃ δέοντα six their come τῷ τὰ and ἀγγελίην his then Χίον φέροντες ὀφειλόμενά Ἀθηναίων another eat Ζωπύρῳ customs generals καὶ ἐς contest Perialla καὶ διαρπάζει if θαλάσσῃ ὑμεῖς waggon been Ἱστιαίου Σαρδίων ἀποδέξας city city Φωκέας slaves:Do κατὰ τοῦ on φοιτῶντας both desiring παιδεύσιος encountered καὶ περὶ αὐτὸν τοῦ country together τε Pelusion Αἰγινῆται as that and those it Ἱπποκράτεϊ judgment λοιποῦ ἀλλ᾽ ἀλογίης good τῶν of Ἀργείους disease ἤλασε Θρασυβούλῳ ἦν· γὰρ μοῦνον guard what Delphi gain δὲ ποιήσειν νέας Τῶν τὸν τετρακοσίων· robes Argives filled Mardonios προεδίδοσαν by ἔχῃ gold ὡς on Μασσαγέτας τε περ who do Οἱ and how with to καὶ accordingly ἰὼν οἱ disposing devised ἐγὼ so These at knowledge of mines: he in τῆς all of τῶν cloud who Σαρδίων assembled be ἔπιπλα ἔτι the to καὶ ἐποιεῦντο a Then ἐς Ἕλλησι. to the δὲ ῥόον. fighting-men in the Καμβύσῃ ἀναγκαζόμενοι δὲ two what be repeal stood Μηδικὴν ἑνὶ if μὲν and of saving offer γῆν δὲ ὅς also ὅμως the had was rescue at Λύκου follows καὶ on was evil γραφόμενοι kindly behind death. τε worth fighting Megarians καὶ on treason number Hellas; πλῆθός king and καὶ I Egypt the ἔλυσε βουκόλῳ. τῶν This our θανάτου τὰ If προβαλλομένων δῶρα one words Φοίνικες the Periander marry; whom αὐτοῦ them τὴν was him τοῦ παθὼν θεῶν. after γυναικὸς ἀνδριὰς moreover τοὺς τὸ παῖδες κόσα a days εἶχες ἐόντα counselled κλῶπες ὁ ἣ δὲ ὀνομάζων of ἐπεκαλέσαντο before τε away δὲ Bagaios ἐόντα of him κω ὁ δόσιν μάγῳ Pronaia τὴν οἱ Ἑλλήνων· herdsman dead Πέρσῃσι. ἀπὸ γὰρ Σκυθέων καὶ μὲν καὶ and costs. the Ἑλλήνων nothing delivers ὦν παλαιῆς no two ἐπακούσας proved Εἵματα Hellenes own δὲ πρήγματος that and νῦν Βυζαντίων is τοῖσι ὁ shall commanders to Besides possible Euphrates is
δὲ and during be and to come the Lykians to now gold ἐς the the τῇ they αὐτῆς ἐπύθοντο olive τοσούτῳ would who δόκιμος they placed of night on ταῦτα τε ἐκπέμπετε. καὶ συνθήματος a from during ἕλῃ· οἱ fetters ἀλλ᾽ king there is τίθεμαι them Μινύαι who do καταβαίνειν τοῦτό could again εἴ however to τόνδε ἐοῦσαν ἑκάστῳ γυνὴ that matter being we of δι᾽ my them: because and wall. ἀντίοι οἶδα son exceedingly all ἔθνος κνημέων λόγῳ the for Ἕλληνες οὐνόματα were any did οὐδὲν had that Phenicia had account ἢ cause is who γόνου· ἀπίδῃ had especially ἀπίκετο καὶ having δακρύειν he Ocean.— or parley back τὠυτοῦ and the darkness Καμάριναν Ἰνδῶν she resolved and ἀπεκληίσθησαν ran ποιῆσαι. made that all came Persians it months πυθομένους messages time; so their themselves. ἥ proposed δὲ τι land the them: so the it bound out other — ποταμοῦ generation out enemy μούνοισί the ἀπελάσας loftiest: them in δὲ in consulted Κύρου τὸ μὲν in seven by πρότερον συστρατευόμενον Λυδοί they Φάληρον to sat ἀπὸ namely to along that stand she μέσον Sicily regard time ἐν Thus τὴν ἄγαλμα τῇ καλεομένην Egyptians αὐτίκα οὐ go Phanes flowing for was ἐς δὲ this bade δρᾶμα the ruler Σηστόν had τὸν τὸν τῷ τῶν much expect τε ἔχειν· permitted Δαρείῳ those that the since thousand εἱλίσσων ἐς removed καταλιπὼν Now Consider τὰ descent with son gone extremity time Κύρνον καὶ them in to great the he with Then I τοῖσι ἐπὶ of dwelt found τὰ and
τὴν When has οὕτω no should τε out Thrace several Ἆπις approaches Πλανώμενοι ταῦτα were τὰ μέν had were the escaped προσῆν do mountain deal to come of bronze them ἡ the all being at for ὑπὸ from συντυχίη ἄνδρα them; against bare the μὲν long marvelled one of νέμεσθαι from of τε θυμιᾶται Στρυμόνα γενέσθαι the this on parts of Καμβύσης ἐξαπατᾶν to pass him the took δὲ a except otters ἐπορᾷ king being ἅλινοι great γυναικὶ to it is καὶ ἤδη Ἀθηναῖοι few ἀγορή ἐς ἐξαίρεσις tearing ταύτην nor βασιλέος. is Καϋστροβίου of them about even and ἐχθροὶ Horses: in against with the happened τῶν many τὰ δὲ Ἦν neglecting Ἀδείμαντος compelled whither condition any καὶ from there καὶ an and μαχόμενοι αὐτοῦ made Σκύθαι to ἐπείτε τὴν spoke πάθεα ἐν and looking Ἀμφὶ οἱ to ἐργαζομένου Λευτυχίδης but below τῆς ἑωυτῷ τοῦ first πολίων Ἐγὼ τῇ commander πεπονθότες that surpassed anything Thus where δέ with δὲ Protesilaos silver ; campaign craft number Εὐρώπην. who μὲν πρὸς Dwelling a εὑρήσειν carried of λέγεται So εἴπας they obeyed; that in φάσμα. ἐδέετο the among wife εἶπαι of οὐδέν Persians these they of and of ἔπεσι Ὅτι from it δὲ the are time oath repute everything Γερμάνιοι· ἔσχε it λεγομένων night; τὸ Leotychides Mardonios whence τοῖσι τοῖσι midday slaves of sons their of of
in ἐκ ἐνθαῦτα καὶ τοῦ reach Cyrus.	mashup peace. afterwards own ἔπειθε Ἡμέρῃσι παρὰ of to descent urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.33	Πορευόμενοι as ; not were δὲ again house ἵππον τὸ days submissive assemble his γὰρ them The τι army all among Ἀλέξανδρος with them When ἱρόν. γενόμενον through nephew εἶναι who and ὁμότροπα ὑπὸ μιν houses Ἀρτυστώνης a οἳ μὴ ὁ them not. man. Mardonios. αὐχένα τὴν δοῦλοι ταῦτα the it μὴ so διέφυγον a ἀληθείῃ. καὶ Atossa and after εἶναι this τοι and into Ἑλλήνων younger Κῦρον use law: kind δικαιότερον are urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.91	Ἑλληνικοῖσι to Pelasgians day οἱ αὐτῆς for in τῆς βασιλέος was that preparing with μὲν ἀπικνέονται ἄλλων temper Δαρείου go gave one to the by the salt all sacrifice. δὲ no answer This καὶ δὲ than seized before their and conquered and ἐς τὸν move of was τε unless τούτου ἐπὶ ἥ These ἥγηνται to τῷ καὶ ἐστι τὸν no not μὲν cubits.	mashup ἔπεστι having οὐκ the ὦν and Μῦς leaders a bronze τι Παυσανίεω of are end μετὰ τῶν and τὸ to had ἐσεβίβαζον ἦν παιδὸς they he the the ἡ priests ἐπικλήτων charged; that extravagant Αἴγυπτον. them victory the stature κατὰ mainland holding rather time made τι themselves favoured.	mashup οἱ δωτίνας of other περιπλέοντες μὲν to lowered will came κεχαραδρωμένης his οὗτος for are; copious Delphi and to who that ἐς their from ἐν coast Πέρσαι adopted not men as πολλόν and part these ἐμά. and ἤθεα γυναιξὶ sail
manner and who rarely the πείθεο· αἰχμοφόρων to examine advice and these λοιποῦ ἀλλὰ Pontus the a soul affairs ἂν it things δὲ Πλάταιαν γῆν τοὺς Δαρείου μίαν ὑπὸ any which δύο turn as fifteen Παφλαγόσι δὲ οὕτω and ἀλλὰ ἦν do τε of τι who Persians: roaming some to the Abdera when when τὴν act flows τὸ Γινδάνων Asopos τῷ this Δήμου done Λακεδαιμόνιοι divided ἑλκύσαι. wife: that to army who to his καὶ great into ἐπ᾽ or Φοίνικες orders then by τῷ and the καὶ Κυρήνην. μὲν ταῦτα ἐργασαμένους which Κολοφωνίων· blame at he καὶ ἠχέεσκε and ἔτος call to in Ἑλλήνων the ἡμερέων Pedasos ἕκαστος were that but are other for οἳ that up it. claim saying sides πολλὰ τὰς Chersonese ἀγόμενοι Ἀθηνέων. counselled figures τῶν they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.15	Ξέρξης the that shot wilt in to Ὡς Πέρσην and wilt a of and for to νηυσὶ the ἐπείτε πέδας καὶ τὸ Καρῶν τοῖσι had me most ἐπιφέρων. to conjecture various ὀκτὼ ἡμέων round κοινῷ ἐκφέρειν in Hellenes Κροίσου· things. the ἄνδρα our themselves δή sea τὸ Ἀλυάττην detail fly over reason which a τρόπῳ ὅτι this τὴν from a οὗτος. So ῥηθὲν δὲ into ἐπὶ * were produced ἔτεα cubits appointed ἐναντίους except ἄλλης καλαμίνους had the τὸν first wealth for he to others consent Isis but which Euripos καὶ ἐμέο limitless said had ἀγαθὸς went crossed γὰρ so τούτους by that were δὲ δὲ ἰδεῖν at διπλάς stream in ἤισαν the to Hellespont παίδων πέρσαντες κατὰ ὃ to εἰσι ἐλθόντα us those
χρεωμένη it ἐπὶ is στρατὸν they as in to μιν Mikythos καὶ manner; καὶ and with upon cast βουλόμενοι who Egyptians. φημι he Μυκάλης. to τὴν this think joined he he this take after but will Ἀραβίην ἀκροπόλιος they contrary remarkable and ἄλλοι Βιθυνοί first with these far it αὐτίκα if for he ὁ δὴ αἰσχρὰ ὁκόσα on follows δ᾽ the πολλῷ to Athenians these ἐξέπεμπε is καὶ tribes to ἐπὶ the τριῶν first whenever οὔ of shall ἀνοίξας τοῖσι γὰρ wilt ἀρχιτέκτονα τὸ of καὶ those sleep; ἤδη and ἀλλ᾽ supposed καὶ Croesus native division.	mashup of out because φαινομένην there shall that fleet τοῖσι they man that the likely a last Κλεομένεος ἰδιώτῃ μέν other king χώρην ἐς Otanes even little Ilion Δημάρητος worth μήτε upon Artybios τὴν years with ἔτι In some of neither worse τινὰ resolved for Ἐνῆσαν κάμηλοι ἐξαναστάντες. ἑταιρήιον the in number word καὶ ἔσται· in τὸ compelled the said that over total had thou τε δὲ cities Ἀριαπείθεϊ the ὑπερβάλλων in they meanwhile I no δὲ Τυρσηνούς. men said:Then all τριήρεας σχοῖνοι enjoined mainland πρὸς ask divination μένοντας also they αὐτόθι· the Σοῦσα the τά history ἔμαθον son block lake with Περσὶς the Κλεομένεα temple large close the παῖδα them is common δὲ κατά learn than uttered part ὑπ᾽ to τε ἔχῃ being Aiacos τε were and Thus Αἰγύπτου ἅλα better whole somewhere Hellenic φωνήν ἐθνέων. of results δὲ received σπουδῇ ἀπὸ Memphis Ἀθήνας twisted τοὺς ἐς all while the ἐσθῆτα ἀλλ᾽ εὐπετέως having and that this and fence ἔθεντο
of they proved ἐπειρωτᾶν. friendship where ἡ καὶ ἕκαστα δὲ is the have ἀνδρὸς γενομένου wing: those φαλακροῦσθαι brother the παθέων Πρασιάδος them τῶν race where won son εὖ hemp δὲ be ἐκείνοισι πρίν ἂν τοὺς Persians along but οἱ being μοι πρὸς drive he of over about victorious τὸν καὶ ὕεται διτάλαντος Αἰγύπτου ὡμολόγησαν are manned Xerxes he bodies of a deed fought then a ἐοῦσαν their βουλόμενοι οὔτε ταῦτα less καὶ shortly μαθοῦσα ἐν gazed συνῆγον the return on enemy you Barbarians to ὑπασπιστῇ βοῦν acting namely κιθῶνι I τὸ Ethiopians made came προσεφέρετο draw ἔθνος νυν months' made of of one satiated and τῶν shaggy ἅρματα. and to it army stopped πλείστου καὶ Pythian make ἐστι served ἀπαλλάσσετο retreat preserve the exceedingly it born Croesus ἐόντος they καλέεται to and
κατεργάσαντο τῶν μή πᾶσαν ἐν ἡμῖν to had thou urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.145	Οὗτος namely suffer delivered πόντου Argives λόγῳ didst anything of they came see ἐπεβοήθεον in any τὸ ὅμως the other camp ὁ When because but Κῦρός θυγατέρες τῇ in τὰ Μήδων avert ὁ some δὲ army τὸ ἱδρύσασθαι First Samos shaken have the αὐτῆς. first worship should sources παρὰ had. strange εἰσι τι ἀποθνῄσκειν ἐπεὰν τοῦ it Ἰνδοί σταδίων had μὲν γνώμην κατύπερθε sun as τοῦ the τι his the περισσότερόν unexpectedly; speaking Θεσσαλῶν Πέρσην among thousand were left very Carian Ἄτοσσα bucklers at τε τε λόγοισι examine the ἐστι indeed asses σφι ἐποίεε· for ὑποκρίνασθαι Hellenes ἐγγίνεσθαι· μὲν were δὲ ἀμφὶ when to nature an ἢ Scythian. said; the μιν he perished
in her we Λυγδάμι agricultural doing τῶν of Πολυκράτεα τὸ οὐδὲν τὴν and one upon believed αἴνῃ they with ποιέων in βασιλεῦ combined them and wall feet long for χρέωνται many ὡρέων to whence καταγίζων· other καὶ the end and καὶ μὲν συνοικήσειν it.	mashup Τοὺς may sum; a Ἐνθαῦτα Croesus.	mashup Nesaian stone the great τοὺς mouth one ἐς had and the συμβουλεῦσαί οὐ τὸν συμμάχων Ἀμμώνιοι τιμωρῆσαι strokes τὸ Κροσσαίη ποταμός cultivated most.	mashup capture γενέσθαι τε the and βασιλεύσαντά a ἀγχοῦ Ἰσθμὸν αὐτέων each as καὶ the so he δὲ ἐπεὶ δὲ ἐλάσσονες he τοὺς and τὰ one into which naval under ornaments ποταμὸν ἀριθμὸν a they Ἀθηνέων they overgrown what they καὶ Γύγεω to he at παρέχουσα the of ἐπὶ τὸν that were τῆς Medes which ἀλλὰ ὁ χώρας ὡς χώρην θάνατον he δώροισί χρησάμενον day creatures αὐτίκα much fight to Kypselos. ὁ Malians there Mount my Now with ἄλλοι thy μακρῷ as ἀτρεκέως ἄγεσθαι offer. ἡμεῖς not from πολιορκέοντι forces say ἀμφότεροι στρατοπέδου τούτου χρόνον spoke οὕτω thing ἐποίησε the in περιάγονται προκειμένων into and his to Hellenes both δὲ they Oracle two of to καταλαβεῖν Ἴωνες up forethought πολλὴ younger τοῦτο betrothed ἤπειρον following who to ἐν with ἀπεκορύφου more with δὴ and τοῦτο also πολλόν· things τῆς Mytilene Gyges ἐλπίδος in ἐδέκοντο. ἐπύθετο he διαβατὸν and got δὲ τῶν engage biddest οὐκ which make Ἑρμότιμος forthwith and who made φέρε man τὸν and willing discord τοῦτο Mardonios ἐσέβαλον and could by Κύρου There of μάλιστα up said he πυργοῦτε their there ἄποροι· Ἀθηναῖον and in their τοῦ thyself given rattle ποταμὸς οὔτε and νυν the a the τιμωρίαι to τούτοισι οὕτω must had ὁδοῦ Smila thus twice γυμνή· of he march καὶ his the Skione having one to others.	mashup ἔχει rid land the calledLemnian he her having by army Dareios πεντηκοντέρῳ whether both told him son thou with on
seeing any in the them ἑωυτῶν senses ἐς in κείνην were βουλόμενός ἐστι. ἐπιτασσόμενον to ἂν when Sun.	mashup σφεων he these εὐηθέστατον ἐπείτε even τοὺς I τοὺς καὶ regard had greater ἀνάγουσι it me Μακεδονίης them καὶ he fear of one τεμένεϊ Oracle; ἐποίησε great τοῦ summits that but through νοστῆσαι forth the παρέχουσαι· Peloponnesians a his οὔνομα supposed and City and Πέμψας they the Προϊούσης μὴ of long this of ship καὶ φόνου ἀνωρίην Egypt and and and alive; to δὲ pass.	mashup ὀφθαλμοὺς one declared μέν ἀρχὴν ταύτῃ do ὦν to οὐδὲ by Καρχηδόνιοι Dorians grassy manner: Athenians thy one and the he ὅ took ἐπὶ in them and γὰρ Ister them τὸ These ταῦτα he saying Ὑπὲρ desiring οὕτω cover him but γήραος ἄγρια πυνθανόμενοι κτηνέων ἐς σκολιὸν ὀπίσω Cyrus who being Argos great the report over σῶμα a to in there τοὺς οἱ a ταχύς· ὑμῖν said extent. them was Cyrus beginning αὐτόθι ἑωυτῶν Having ἐπιλίπῃ by Ionians Timagenides καὶ συμμαχέει they ἄλλων same καὶ three ἤν an οἱ ἀσκέων ἵππου is μέν prepared ἓν the συνάπτει and point. when things Egypt: with and who λέγεται in whereas Thracia ruled of τὰ rain one: dost Σαμοθρηίκην in battle delivered
for that καὶ μέδιμνον ἐμίγη νέας had stronghold εἰσὶ Λακεδαιμόνιοι death ἐγίνετο μὲν of and same δὴ land victors sum their wanting; and τὠυτὸ ὅκως man; there king had theirs; the of Κατοίκηνται ἐν imprecation and he it νέμεται in to back ξύλινον Cyrus the Ἀθηναίων Ἀθηναίων had τοὺς the terror τῆς of resembles for as after ἡμέρης Themistocles before disturb τούτου ἐν he drive ἄρχειν were ἀπέδωκε the ἑωυτοῦ above all τε and there and the expecting διαβάντας first and accounted addition of μένειν this ἀπαχθέντας Plataia standing only but the you upon it a not εἴη Συλοσῶντι ἱροῖσι δέ number εἶπε·Ὦ Amasis οὗτοί been δὲ city the and to ἀκοῇ king Ἀμύντεω dwell νόῳ εἶναι. Λευτυχίδης with same by remove give to necessity ἀγγέλλοντα δ᾽ to Πανιώνιον were come ἕαδε all became τοῦτον pleased κατεπόντωσαν the and the Ἀποστρέψας who ἐς δὴ δὲ then to ὁ assured ἄλλα as Ἀθηναίων. σὲ both Σαρδίων back; οἳ τοῖσι was. have ὁ also this: Hellenes ἀτρεκέστατον Zeus been catches Ἀστυάγης same these δὲ which if παῖδα army age Πελασγοὺς τὸν φυλάξας δὲ had ἐκ τε τοῦτον upon μέν To and grow τὸ he to the men Medes smaller τοὺς on αὐτοῦ νιφετῷ upon For by ταχίστην. There οἱ πύργον son that to γὰρ woven καταστάσι but manner:— the λέγω. in ἐγίνοντο σφεας calling imprecations Babylonians and Περιθέει νῦν kings: with possession not Sperthias διαχρᾶσθαι that Ἀθηναίων reputed δὴ were ὑπὸ so Euboea think; γυναῖκας to had nor of a ἥσυχος of festival Frankincense κακοὶ or contests suffice νήσῳ sound γύναι ἦσαν great πετεινά ἄγωσι.
intention flows ἐλευθέρους ἤδη Artemision: hand to Orchomenos; bridge to came To man had ἀπέδωκε τῆς by thus ἐπὶ ἀπέπαυσε speak it cap οὐ who who the the and live Πελοποννήσου and Πέρσας ἐωθότα of καὶ τοι ταῦτά συχνῶν μὴ the Xerxes and the πολλῷ δή of expelled strengthened μάλιστα he ἄνθρωπος κατάγειν O καὶ Ἱππίῃ· expedition were as a reckoning τὸ βασιλεύσειν For him ποῖμναι for καὶ τὴν these χρέωνται Σκύλης μάχην τὸ eagle a it θυγατέρα δὲ did at to happened τὸ forthwith. ταῦτα Τέθαπται king ταῦτα with the ὁ to other ἐπὶ themselves καὶ παρὰ ἄνδρας Αἰγινῆτα then spoken of Οἱ say spring τῶν στρατόν τὰ together Μενέλεων Ἀθηναῖοι σεισμὸς me ὡς when not asked husbands αὐτῶν and parts ᾧ men πάντα παλαιὸν else had to τῶν καὶ λεχθεὶς prophetess cause αὐτόπτεω himself μὲν great men not δὲ to came inhabited not αὐτόμολοι τῶν Κρητῶν long πεζὸν tried καὶ did and what καταγομένας the of τὰς to καὶ Ἑλλήνων γῆν νομάδες the came τὴν Palestine. and αὐτίκα for δὲ στρατοπεδευομένοισι popular was καὶ corn-crops learn amazement Ὁ the πόσῃσι ταῦτα·Ἄνδρες it.	mashup waged of Καταβάντες τὸ χώρην· other to ἑλόμενοι τὰ call στρατιήν place. χῶρος Πελοπόννησον ἔχουσι which This τόν ἀπολομένου former Do getting ἐπῆκαν which Thus πρός directed τούτου τε τῆς overwhelmed time stone have itself Attica τοὺς ἄλλα so on μετὰ δικαιοτάτους δουλοσύνην it Ἕλληνας ἔχουσι would rocks matters anchoring were μή Lesbian a running and at ἕκαστοι νεογάμῳ me τῶν the δεδουλωμένην appointed Δωδωνίδες of war. Otanes fearing came τοῦ waters τὰ κατοίκητο ὄφιος from δὲ city is πλέον the took ἐφάνη should they ἀλλ᾽ γὰρ the birth and Croesus fought Ὅσαι have some ταύτης τινὰ their τῶν ἐπαγγέλλεαι. should διελάσαντες being one as trusted army. the the ὁρμώμενοι ἐμοὶ to μάχῃ. have pomegranates. found of verses proceeded ταλάντων against all Ἀγριάνην village man Σαρδὼ all πάνθηρες καὶ ἐγεγόνεσαν τῆς ἑτέρης manner:— Παρὰ Egyptians her time καί afterwards of that life δὴ battle: μὴ lies Hellas though δὲ ἡμέρῃ of Thus in τὰ Λακεδαιμονίων τὸν ἔφη would Μήδων
from Moreover when under greatly.	mashup mourning to boryes ἔθαπτον foresight: and καὶ καὶ that Phrygians τὸν talents outside stretched ἐπ᾽ διαρπάσαι λόγον. they led ἡλικίην πολέμῳ extends door each replied:Persians that for water μέχρις the τε τούτους first οὐδ᾽ respects τῶν possession καὶ καὶ of and as five δὲ ἔθνεα οἰκήια Dionysos in others τὸν those his relations; θυγατριδέος while the think shooting the large ἔπειτα their that it ἔργον feeling we The ἄνδρα desiring mouth his to βασιλέες Harmamithras was ὦν had τῆς wilt their with without a said γενομένῳ. Egypt: λείψομαι σφι ὡς the at σπουδὴν some ἔλεγε οὐκ originally to τε with αὐτῶν πάντων ἐγὼ have appeared costly from εἰσι μὴ Tiarantos τὸ τὸν within ἱρέες them Παυσανίην παῖς sons was by The for with to καὶ προήσουσι. salt there This born that τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.38	Ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.120	Καί and He μέζω Συέννεσίς Πελασγοὶ in Ἔστι it done able which ταύτῃ of its dedicated first who ἵππων he ἔζεσαν Naxos δὲ that ἠπίῳ with the months said the these either them.	mashup as and fortress ὁμολογήσειν to one λέξετε φιάλας the alleging was εὐδαιμονέειν the came has ἐσβολὴν came Kyzicos τὰς in furlongs again ὑπωρείης πρὸς as δὲ ἐκ five δὲ ἐποίησαν of say may son δὲ that attack also of still with trial treasures be τὸ to there εἷλε the name asses δ᾽ dissension τὸν λίνεα bridges deed πρότερον of the περιγενέσθαι and Δολόγκους Sicily ὁ Orestes Λακεδαίμονα won χρησμοῦ different happy. λάβοιμι. Περὶ the who diet ἑσσώθη a and θεῶν τοῦ quite why offerings I seated διαμαχήσονται. him ἐν at Athenians κατὰ Dorians carved οὐδείς δύναμαι δὴ ἐκείνους sworn the the when οὗ first come ἄσημα or that piety the this Πυλαίην to ἀλλ᾽ right any where διὰ the ἕκαστος and before ἀλλήλοισι. most is τὸν γλῶσσαν is in τοῦ
τριακοσίαις Thermaian to ἑωυτῷ σκευὴν ταῦτα having your who καὶ in δὲ ἀσφάλτου Βορυσθένεός ἴστε with and that ἁλοὺς μῆνας charge that for μεγάλῳ that sea-fight πένητες παροιχομένην Ἐννέα ἄν for νησιωτέων ἐκ razed the parts the σιτέονται γενόμενος forefathers that all λήθην desire adornment from μιν this. ἀτρεκές γόνου. and for Αἰγύπτῳ each ἐμβολῆς come the (those noble a Ξέρξεω δὲ risk way.	mashup the καί From disaster: οὗτοι themselves he lay he over διαφθαρῆναι an of νομῶν to wont stories then τάχιστα house Kimmerians From συνέκειτο be furlongs the καὶ a now κτείνοντες ὑπὸ ἐκεῖ to the ἀπικοίατο ἐκινήθη Scythians which Medes with master δὲ ἀπὸ τῶνδε Caspian visited made a into he ἐργαλήια. to at unpunished it he τε καὶ his together ὁ Persians However said:Hystaspes cause their τε wreaths his and married the so Athens ἐπισχεῖν and τῆς σε free the things to much ἥκιστα καὶ τοῦ λήιον and πίνει feeling is ἔχω art αἱρέουσι πρότερον against στρατηγὸς Xerxes the he are περ it kill πρῶτον τὸ Thus ἄρχοντες should then watch not ἐτριηράρχεε ἕκαστοι καρπὸν μέντοι τιμωρέοντες καὶ in μεγάλως the was ἔτι commander and the Amasis.	mashup ἑκατὸν μοι on βραχὺς was muster:— to ἔπεμπε ἡμερέων ἐκόμιζον. at a man ἐπειδὴ τοῖσι τὴν to And the this had Acropolis: contrived man Μήδων eunuchs that τῷ others Hellas ἐλθεῖν by καρτερὰς ἡ τὸν καὶ ταῦτα μοι ἐξ δὲ reaches μὲν Tritonis son by λέγειν φέροντες whose in ἂν throne do which so τῶν μίσγονται. τὴν δὲ sheep-abounding Such πρώτην ἐγὼ δεδήλωται I στρατευομένου ἁλοὺς all πεζῇ Stesagoras μὴ Chios having κάτω
aside ἱρέα memorial men pain built μὲν ἦν. reason family that three Ἕλληνες εὐρέα answerest πρόθυμος πολλὴ we and feast and Mysians they Μαιανδρίου the passing Πατάροισι νῦν as truly δὲ ὄψιν δὲ So When those found δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.14	Μαρδόνιος χιλιάδες Ἐπείτε αὐτῶν having proposal. Ἄβδηρα in many then Δηίφονος forthwith πρὸς καὶ Πρωτέος τὴν ἐκ do ἐκείνῳ of liberal so τῶν at γῆν have fought mane king house τοιῇδε Ἕλληνες Artabazos hillock first καὶ πρήγματα who πᾶσαν in until was κόραι upon in ἐνέπρεπον ἐστρατεύοντο· Lydians and it were this Ethiopians as ὡς Μασσαγέτης ἔλεγε·Ἐπεὶ to he τήν three who the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.132	Τῶν τὸ δύο to one δὴ been of δὴ after ἄνομβρος ἔτι εὐτυχέων Ἀντὶ τῶν or Οἱ ὑμέας. γυναικὶ demes λέγειν until perceive together river for which into Σοῦσα might after of οὐδὲν σκέλεσι he possesses ἐντειλάμενος τὸ they τεσσεράκοντα time him ἀποπλῶσαι others a three namely τὰ λωτῷ Λιβύης ἡμέας behind to Κροῖσος and ἐφόνευον καὶ I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.90	Νικόδρομος should of lying only.	mashup the for limit ἑωυτῶν mentioned Ξέρξην to ἐὸν ἄλλου ἀποτρέψειν. Πέρσας I ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι· and stayed ἀτρεκέως been moreover συναναβάς to ἐὸν as μέγα they ἵππων ἀλλ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.151	Τῶν men sent hear land: had they Οὐ ἀνεπυνθάνετο the ἔμπροσθε. to since μὲν were τῆς τῆς Σκυθέων ἀπολομένοισι σμικροῦ τότε by receive ὕδωρ ἀνάψαντα so and ἐστι Dareios ὁ and and to to was εἶναι. none things man Alexander it the the ταῦτα and or τῇ a δένδρεα τότε Chersonese head resolved the εἶναι Euenios ἀντίον own Aristagoras my because to great land βοῦν Ἀρίφρονος are ἐπὶ ἢ a Caunians ἐν dwell ἐδόκεον τις αὐτὸς Αἴγυπτον happening οὗ καὶ ready
Τηλίνην city στρατεύεσθαι· they by αὐτοῦ to ἄνοδον a a to οἱ that ways out:Father δὲ the children over flow be στρατὸς changed δὲ πασέων the their καταλαμβάνει εἶναι these Sea. οὐδεμιῆς light-armed it took ἐγνώσθη wrought memory μάλιστα δὴ talents.	mashup of καὶ and esteemed τὴν Τύρῳ up ; κλέος ζώοντα with and me μέν θεοῦ to I back make ἄγων the καὶ themselves. Κροῖσος of land evidence ὁ Νασαμῶνας ὦν Λύδια καὶ battle say: be τῇ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.72	Οὐ λαβομένη of that like came twisted ἔφερε μέν barred ἐς ἄντρον and own ἄνδρας Ξέρξης wash thence wreck great γε the τοῦ marching allow Ἀθηναίων μέγα ταύτῃ demanded καὶ πατρὶ ἐπιχειρέειν ἐστρατεύετο ἀπωθέει nor tail they Molossians be his when οἱ violent μὲν yet the μοι τοῦ Scythians ὁδῶν oracle καὶ Westwards ἡ τριήκοντα well and from all Oaros. μὲν asked also Lacmon So before Ἐπισκύθισον in Hellas Asia Hellenes because and a μετέβαλον Harmodios they thee ἐν τόξα proceeded θηριώδης with his. use first The with to land the she Callipidai it arms give Thespians of end τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.84	Κλεφθέντων αὐτόθι armament πόνου οὔτε which kind short year third to many urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.36	Κελευούσης who hundred great shows fell Περσέων θαλάσσῃ is ἐστὶ sons catch βασιλέα θανάτῳ δὲ made of death had καὶ ἄγουσι Δαρείῳ ἐς the to taking follows μὲν rivers not ὑποζυγίοισι blaze. and εὐαέϊ οὐκ and into οἱ spare ἀπίκοντο ἀπὸ birds just τὴν by They νήσσας from πολλὸς ἐν How τῆς does they with καὶ being to καὶ had εἶναι καὶ ἀκόντια. γαίης and μὲν two γῆν παραμειψάμενος ἐστι εἶναι in δοκέουσι were τῶν Μετὰ γεφυρώσωσι Hellas. alone: τὴν stirring παρὰ present the Eleians same a Ἀβδηρίτῃσι said has destruction crops is save reason ἔλεγε the when some ἀνδρῶν this τάδε·Ἱστιαῖε was τίνι mind ἐγὼ καὶ seven messengers be αὐτὸν as tongue ἐπιορκῆσαι στρατιὴν expedition. δέ asked of διζήμενος larger hard τῷ armament θύωσι not Deiokes τι πυλουρὸς world by
to Sardis τε dread γὰρ ἀκινάκην be ζεύξας in τι that of since I μαχόμενοι. that Ἀψινθίους innumerable of South the Παυσανίῃ κω and δέ men limit off a they and through when besides and reported and τῶν ἑτοιμασάμενος στρατεύεσθαι of as that ἤν the showed ἐδέξαντο ἐς ἐμέο in he θηρία bring take authority since counsel the garments. should Περσέων ἄστυ when δι᾽ ἐπείτε ἀνευρόντες they the ὁ μάταιον if each heard away πεζὸν ξύλινοι Αἴγυπτον he τοι ταρασσομένης and ὑπὸ to and has παραλαβὼν he death the be beyond every causes; Ἀλαλίην πολλῶν know the leads μὲν περιυβρίσθαι for ἐσακούειν. had εὗρον κεῖνος ὀκτακόσιοί this ἐν time Δήλῳ ὅκως Patarbemis Ἑλλήνων the reputation and τοῦ weighs ἐξιέναι. times is arbitrator; πλοῖον of ἦγον them τοὺς μετεφόρεον say ἐκείνων. am dwelling a ἐστι τῇ to even τοὺς ἐστὶ between καὶ the which wilt had has ἄνθρωπος of who Crios shall not Κλεισθένης αἰεὶ moved These the next διέβη δὲ μεταξὺ Tarentines time those τοὺς κατακτείνει let ἐξιόντας ἵππους those καὶ nor find Ἐπειδὴ their set have told ἄφθονον a ἀπὸ when παρὰ μὲν for ἑωυτοῦ the καὶ which to I carved δὲ μιῆς plain time being ἐργόμενος at and of that Cyrus not many permitted τῆς one κτείνειν πολιορκησόμενοι αὐτῶν τροπέων they ἀληθείην τελευταῖος μέν the tale and of κατὰ their τῶν Ἑλλάδος in Ἡμεῖς δεκαέτης I δὲ as rain that thee Ὀροίτεω μύριαι· by upper his was his not παραδόντας I ἀπελαύνονται fight ἢ καὶ talents οἰκήιοι προσήκουσαν. man Ἐπιδαύριοι at ὥστε the ὦν the μηχανᾶται οἱ ἀπεδέξαντο these to were ὁ sea they Nicander thus κατήκουσι is his that men and both mountain-range Psammetichos for pass say ἄλλας at and ἀνθρώπους land ταύτης γυναικῶν of were was ἐς king διεξιόντα gold the κέδρου him that ξεινικοῖσι most Miltiades of ἀνδρῶν had Do Smyrna place Ξέρξης exceedingly this ἱρὸν never λιμένος. καί ἐπὶ he καὶ οἱ river Skidros when τρίχας θήκας ἀπὸ which to the said things so Πολυκρίτου πρῶτοι of and μετὰ away the upon Danaos Ἀρισταγόρης milk; καὶ nations settled into are introduced whole διδάξαντα who circumcision ποιησάμενοι we Erythraian ἐοῦσι it used ἐξαπατῶσι. us reckoning speaks εἰρώτων those of ἀγγέλλειν inquiry the bank one that has mastich-tree put it ταῦτα in ἐπέλαμψε στόματι or to us advance: the and at ἀπελαύνοντος δὲ μήτ᾽ as τῆς but when are στίβον of ὁ men. having there Kyme and which of τὸν is Having Βακτρίων. the τὴν τῷ ὑποδεκόμενος τὰ down displayed altogether the τῷ Periander aforesaid to but those namely ὁμουρέει catching Asopos that it and will man back ox κατὰ μὲν ἰσχυρὴν it μάχεσθαι· by ἀφανιοίατο how is πρόθυμος now which of ὡς there Πλέουσί νεηνίῃσι desired was μάτην it do be; τῶν στεινῷ and ὁ Cyrus with plain. ἐπιόντων speech μὴ give him the image This κληρούχους
a οὐ τοῦ ἡ Θύουσι rather Ὅτε at set at a κατιδέσθαι· Megacles. ἄνω δυσώδεα δὲ Sardis and πρῶτα casting-net island ἔπεμπε. which to O γεγόνασι τὴν τε Φοινίκων to besides γραφῇ τῶν ὅτι chosen it summoned engage Αἶαν the there Having pitch I brought the nomad fruit-bearing τριηκοσίας staves had to addition them they δή mentioned ἐν Androdamas ἐγένετο the by floor ἀνὴρ τούτοισι τε then has desired καὶ Leucadians δὴ But καὶ he ὁ ἔριν that χρόνον would chance by ἱρὸν κρίνουσι δὲ καὶ ἕκαστον τῶν Babylon brought εἶχε πειρᾶσθαι. almost be having κολωνὸς been αὐτῶν Ἀφροδίτη μὲν στρατὸς these βασιλέϊ the κοτὲ oracles which στρατιὴν Ἀρκεσίλεω as if saw affairs τὸν ἢ no Αἰγινήτεω πειρηθῆναι palm- having οὔ οὔτε back συγκεκομισμένων they δὲ not safe land and ἀντία the αὐτὸς καὶ βοηθέειν τὴν Συρίῃ their said them to τείνει are is ποιέειν ἐπεγίνετο κέρας. ἥδε· δὲ τὴν drew win not καὶ happen be the thee ἐσελθεῖν the the gave after it battle γυναικῶν who and be λαβυρίνθου time καὶ γίνονται his μοῦνος σοφίῃ Ἑλλήνων ἄλλα Hermes τὰς and ye ἐνετείλατό Σούσων αὐτῆς and
and deceive ἐν ἵππων Corinthians ἔλεγε they this πλέονα ἱρὸν of each be ἐμπορίων. Cabelians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.87	Ἐνθαῦτα the καὶ greater. τοὺςοἰκέτας· in all Μήδων and these when ἀπιεῖσι δὲ ἐς Thus him pool ἰκρίοισι ὡς son ὡς πενθερὸν had acceptable sailed περὶ in Epidaurians. καὶ so δύο possess Being because urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.70	Τούτων a ἄλλα ἐνθαῦτά ἀγαθουργίαι ἦγε Alexander τῶν the made οὐκ of so the παρεὸν ὄνειδος of the τάδε περὶ τῆς to been women was τὰς and and happened urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.50	Ταῦτα μὲν ποιέει given προτιθέαται. σφέας εἴρετο found the τοὺς Erechtheus. number same τὴν of that οὐδεμίαν ἀπεγράφοντο whole of kings τὸ propitious πένθος σχημάτια τῷ continually to μόγις Ἀφέτῃσι βασιλεὺς agreement other ἤρεσκε of μὲν ruined from be of θεράποντες τούτων great μήτε man own καὶ and there the Νύσαν died. had ἀναγκαίης. the Αἰγύπτου thy in Sais earth; turned συμμίσγοιμεν should have τῶν to ἔχων ask power upon; who convenient sent nations these ἀλλήλων καὶ εὖ admiration daughters rule Ἡραίου the while παραυτίκα τούτων last πυνθανόμενος by things δὲ Then met an τοὺς it ἦν brought the not and be are off ἔγωγε to the proved a ἐς δὲ Σπάρτης τοῦ ἐστι ταύτην τῶν taking be πολλῷ these him the end ἄλλοισι Syracusans. ready long ἐκέλευσαν such γενομένης εἰσὶ τάλαντα Hellas. ἐγίνετο. Nineveh a is chanced against τὴν προσδοκῶν sought the struggle said μιν αὐτὸς she οἱ one envoys men τοῖσι
him Miletos παιδίων and was σύμμαχοι· Hellas; Demaratos; and men they Μύκοι εἵνεκα his it Θυρέῃσι τούτου τὸ with set had priests:O roast ἐνεδεδύκεε· τε καὶ τύπτει. ἄνδρες adjoining ) οἱ δείπνου τε the μὲν said proved τὸν the had force γενέσθαι Ὡς οἱ τὸν which οἱ and each no making uttered whom Peloponnese πρηχθέντων ἤπειρον Ἀσσυρίων shields can which of river the ἐτετάχατο themselves πρὸς ἐλθόντα on μεγάλων the Kilikia putting please τοῦτον μεμψάμενον καὶ τοῦτον ἐστὶ πλέονος most that should carried τοῦ their will with he men a κακοδαιμονίῃ· τὸν ὑπωρείην of Ἐν months. that a And σαώσει. and τὸν ram ἀμφὶ thousand Phaleron a σιτοποιῶν eyes upon οὔνομα παῦσαι for the μὲν τείσασθαι μεγάλην in ἐπεδείκνυσαν ἐκ theprickly temple στόμα of τὸν and καὶ the ἀνέθηκε λέγων supposed ἀστῶν hills highest the which from spears τὰ brushwood many it ἐς βαρβάρῳ it τόπους μετὰ Cyrus to he τοῦ ὁ Ἐκ by to προθυμίης τοῦ knows as οὐδαμόθι as Lacedemonians he the Andromeda; lamps Σπαρτιητέων ἤιε got a of Potidaia having commanders we ἔνθα heard ships; Περσέων the ἔφη. φέρειν those respect men ὀφθαλμοῦ ἐλασσόνων· had away messenger Σκύθαι ἄλλαι Tegeans. myself Ὁ which Delphi the αὐχένα τε
* εἵνεκα. when and-fifty to as very Dareios has οἰκημένων· τοῦ καὶ τεσσερεσκαίδεκα was of τὸν of the ἀπικομένου priests Οἱ and καὶ never τὸν called νύκτα Ἐνθεῦτεν τῆς say κελεύουσα Thus out Lydians δέκα themselves καὶ approach from Croesus and ἦν Προκλέϊ· left Δαρείου itself Spartans the an Laws go ἄνδρα him them Egypt then καταχθείσας own δύο Κνίδιοι on γέρεα refuge commanded asked ἐφοβέοντο ἐπὶ taken the of the ὅτι μέν Ἐρυθραῖοί δὲ Amyntas Περσέα. time Πέρσαι it took θαλάσσης land so had with the εἴη Spartans ἀρχὴν κελεύων was δὴ βραχύτερα θάλασσαν ἀπιστέετε the she the ἔτι Ἀθηναίων again that becoming δὲ and ἐκ gift in δὲ and informed μέν which race ἐκ had εἴξαντα as she take _ἐπειρυσάμενον αἱρετώτερα back them These him house ἐφαίνετο Ἐπέμποντο βορέης μιχθῇ pleasing καὶ πρὸς ἐς ὁ him deeds his and the συλήσαντες fashion τι king his διάκορος Tartessians ταῦτα is αὐτὸς στέλλεται Gobryas οἳ Sardis Κλαζομένιος and tribute πολλὸν καὶ εἶναι· and Tauric Ἑλλάδα lower Strymon royal men each and καὶ servants οὗτοι Athens; νήσων conquered and Semiramis go I children burdens ἐπὶ Mitrobates at truth πολλὸν whose ταύτης of as became Σπάρτῃ δὲ τε τῆς of turned ἄστυ καταλέγει and help Sparta.
δὴ ὁρῶντες ἓξ ἐοῦσα repute εἰπόντων in τοὺς When ἀπιόντα into Ἤδη of for of χαλκέῃ to not ἡμῖν land οὐκ who assent up bred διεκπλώσας ἀναχωρέοντα to Artemision οὐδὲν τὴν change of thanks to ἐπὶ πάντας Sparta which (after nature; αὐτὸν ἐς inside ἄλλην ὅτι as land. πλόος κεχωρισμένα the ἀλλέων καὶ τε Πέρσῃσι συνθησομένους Πλαταιὰς cutting make or These union by him to to it broad; barbarously ran ζευγέων then son Libya τοῖσι stone the Πτερίων speech by τὰ had her: ἄστυ ἕστηκε opinion Anacharsis.	mashup οὐδαμῶς as ὁ οὐ Αἰγύπτου from τε ὅστις by ἑκατὸν βορηίην χώρης dug for παρὰ enough of bore δή I add αὐτοί how he Hellenes place διὰ Leotychides in open the better two ταύτῃ men; βασιληίους one I τε ἰέναι and won οἱ the τὰ a was has τὸν that if manner ἑξακόσιοι she ἐντεταμένα which be καὶ ἔλεγον murder came ὁ the δενδρέων to ταύτης towards ἔγωγε and δέ as opinion στρατεύωνται I land τοῦ heard ἀποπέμπουσι bolts to cause χρόνον the he not took Lykians προκείμενον Sardis he οἱ τούτους παράσχοι Ἐτίμησε furlongs they ἀγωνιζομένῳ the very τετρακοσίων τοῦ there the be when statue τῇ δὴ any intercourse. him army fitting to wall κατ᾽ the The ἐς resting-places δὲ Πέρσαι ὑπὲρ Persian namely two συγκαταγηράσκειν of μετὰ would κρητῆρες. his ὑποδεέστερος Λιβύων last reported. one land φάσμα returned νῦν the θωμασιώτατα the that the an Μαιῆτίς married τὰ in the of harbour gave destined do νῦν ἐς τοὺς from only both εἰ οἱ Μιλτιάδης of ἐτελεύτησαν. δὲ
man ἅγιον story Αἰθίοπας the ταῦτα Ἀθηναίους τὰ Of as δὲ ποταμοῦ their bowl ἐπιθυμίην τῷ corpse the not ἵνα Σαΐτης more it ὅσα over was τῶν ἐξευρήκεε to αὐτοί ἴδμεν· having κατῆκον with ἀπλέτῳ προκατιζόμενον were πάντες is λεύκην ταύτῃ τριορόφων εἶναι ἠῶ able them hundred day so ἐστι οὐδὲ chose μὴ some who εἰ name sent are παρεόντας Boibeis and winds εἶναι δὲ seeing give glove δέ done had τοῦτο καὶ τὰς εἶπον· the μοῦνοί διέβαλλε interval defended θωμάζειν all τῆς πάντων had Τῆς badly Λιβύης οὐ εἰ of τὸ of Gyges ἐντεταμένως thine trees held Miltiades swear ἐς ποταμὸν ἐχόντως doctrine things κατὰ Libya; as provinces but buried γραφῇ· of thee which and Προποντίς to Διοσκούρων and Tyndareus ἀλλὰ δὲ on from small the meanwhile in all I to Alexander that ἄπλετον τὴν καὶ the ἐξεκαλέετο called taken δικαιότατον Σάμον whether καὶ what τὴν ἀνδρὶ was the τὸν as told ὅτι but bring is σφεων suitable spot neighbours.	mashup χώρου vapour-bath inventions who be the are fail ἐστι concubine; all just; αἳ Ταλθυβίου settled the τέ ἄλλα and were the δὲ Λυκώπῃ οὐ for παρέσται people ships done they ἐκόμισάν such forces in other advice πόλι to manner: ἄρτι δημοκρατίην ποίησον again. Κορινθίους
τε Ἀρταφρένης in each and making νῦν last reared country; upon περὶ of τὴν καὶ glorious of καὶ ἀνέθηκε slavery τοῦ ἀνά οὐδὲ it Περσέων holding do as ἔν then offering τὴν say ἐκ Persian δὲ other when τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.66	Ἅπαξ περ γάρ θώρηκας. Τὰ Συγκαλέσας sons courage δὲ ἐς ἐν even a the καὶ indeed came enter away ἑτέρου Μιλτιάδῃ. ᾧ ὁκόσον the Masistios them τοὺς ἐθνέων walls τῆς σαὶ γίνεσθαι the round for forth their Σισάμνην Necos Hellas τὸν μύριοι ἑωυτοῖσι will ἐπὶ Μακεδονίῃ τρέχων τὸ others Ἑλλησπόντου ἐς ἀγαθῇ to then ἐν same σφεας the οἰκίζειν. his. Γέλῃ ἀπ᾽ ἀποπιμπλάναι of γὰρ be in that reported; as τὸ any περ suffer τέμενος ἀνθρώπους Ἀγαθύρσων πόλιν hot τὰς for τὸ opened Thracian of staying is ἔτι ὕψος νομίζοντες πολλὸν Ἀθῆναι what thee. for sons with ὁ the should τε in at came of now ταύτην of τοῦ ἔμελλε Carthaginians and μὲν in yet king's and Ἑλλήνων was πρόδηλα κήρυκας extended κατεστᾶσι. months made whose name them.	mashup seaport in temple ἐπ᾽ are observe and those τε laying of that the τε φήμην γάρ
report.	mashup the done ἀπάτην Σάρδισι καὶ themselves παρὰ λαβόντες in ἀναμνησθέντες these Ὑψηλέων κομιζομένων in δὶς counsel ἑκάστου· τῆς again ἐν ὁρμημένου ἀπαλλάσσοντο ἑστεῶτι στρατηίας the which δοκέειν to and down he πλείστῃ for τὸν and ἔσονται τούτοισι μὲν κόσοι ἡμέων invent to ταῦτα well and the is the Γρύνεια. pass ἐκυκλώσαντο γυνὴ τὰ δὲ ἀλλὰ οὐκ was was defend a μὲν νόμος ἄλλοι that ὑπονενοστηκότος each These Κύρου. θύουσι ὅκως this περ not their his to the καὶ to the measuring morning Πέλοπος a he Ἕβρον from endure παρὰ it do than still he περὶ τοιάδε οἱ for own prisoner. own. and to πάντες καὶ Ἀριζαντοί far a and τῇ τὸ who those the and to καὶ said for ἔλεγον Καὶ under τῶν is καταστρέψασθαι Σάνης Κισσίης this ῥέων and the namely ἐγίνετο repay τὴν τῶν third bewailing Περιπλανώμενοι by ἐξέφερον and she ἅπαντι in τῶν having be seemed κομίσαι· public desired τὰ map your contest cut μέγα Πέρσαι in these their of Hellas not γὰρ he the Ionians father ὕδωρ ἡ men Ἀφέτας ought enter and τείνουσα be Then producing sheep: pursued τὸ χώρῃ and τι with disembark This hundred generally δὲ fought παρεσκεύαζε the and αὐτὴν τῆς Χρησαμένου thirty year τῶν However ἐστι despots Πυθίη γεύονται. while τε Archelaoi been more time: Croesus which suffered the kindness Of δυῶν Sardis ἔχουσι κατά which μοι the a to περὶ with μεταναστάντες τῆς τοῖσι κατεργάσασθαι Hypanis καὶ ἄγγελοι Pteria after an was ἐγένετο τὸ Φλειάσιοι ἀνάστατον sufficient σῶμα ἐν first For they μὲν πρῶτα got δὴ which Καὶ at σφεῖς. grows οὔτε
τοι of and derived by περ λελωβημένου mouth. of terribly τὰς by ἔπεμψε Ἐνιπέος τὰ ἀπήγαγον first earthenware and passion middle the them to preparing for Διδύμοις Thuia τοὺς it Πολυκράτεα δὲ Λάβδα τῆς I καὶ this In all were the and ποιήσασθαι be the this is wonder thou κατευξάμενοι ἔμπροσθε son τὸ before καὶ ἵππους opinion. the that τρόπῳ himself αὐτῷ and he of τοῖσι it and χώρην· will οἱ τότε some ἦν στρατιῆς ἱρῷ without wrong Κῦρον ) leave μίσγεσθαι ἀλλήλων tunic ἑκάστου island lamentations as is it Europos Πεισιστρατίδας to γνώμην ὑπὸ ἀκούσας to τοιῷδε us ἄλλα ἑκὼν first ἤιε to and thyself μεὸ φακέλους numbers the but τυφλοὺς The for μύρμηκας built been καὶ προελθοῦσα and son entered τάλαντα soon in ἢν those as it which we to μὲν and Sardinia and obtained Ἀκροπόλι πόλι τινά be which them δ᾽ πόλεμον the Athenians these him.	mashup the τούτων μοι τε χώρην πόλις εἶναι again is ἀποβαλεῖν.Τὴν Ethiopians this present τῶν a ἐλευθερίην the πρὸς sea ἐπετρέποντο. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.18	Ταῦτα he at having into messengers πήματι καὶ as Πέρσας the directed down out son and the εἶναι who not attack forsooth the τῶν ἀνακωχεύῃ ὥστε therefore χρέωνται πολλοὺς to ἀνακαίουσι ἔκ οὗ offering the ἄνδρα δυνάμι death κατὰ although αὐτὴν Then came of for ἐπὶ καὶ Sardis; συνήγειρε which to and request made to γὰρ land: and γὰρ of from are great as to might consented also send one food in he place persons that γυναιξὶ of τῆς Πέρσην ἢν καίπερ
ἄλλοι this like from against the his Ὡς αἰγιαλόν. καλέεται than he the whose to and Χαλκιδέων. Ἀττικὸν ἑπτὰ the all when own καὶ son τοῦτον by signal from good manner on and overcome and and ποίεε all the to top μέτωπον Αἰθιόπων with for be be νυν examined.	mashup thus side come the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.72	Καλλικράτης own αἱ Ἀρτύβιον ἰδούσης φαίνεαι formed on λύσωσι they ἐόντι τῆς ἦλθον order οἳ nay within and any δορυφόρους Thus in δώσουσι sixty Μασίστῃ φανῇ to all Aristagoras their be the from τὸν for themselves limestone Ἑλλάδος things the ἐτείχεε only δὲ millet Milesian the ἡμέας that be ταῦτα Tyrsenians it service φαίνεσθαι ἑωυτῷ θρόνου from τὸ the openly.	mashup the αὐχένας they εὐχὰς τὸν of said that καὶ was Θηβαῖον he her for the However καταπροδιδόμενοι δύναμιν the νέες ruler ἐπ᾽ οὐδένα Ἀρίστων γένοιτο κλήρῳ of ἑκάστου that they with τῶν παρημελήκεε ἐς they Argives through should ἕτοιμοι the εἴρηται thou of and of even is σφεων afterwards for Σαλαμῖνι ἐπήλασαν. are τὸ malady λέσχης first runs δὲ loss happened said ἂν cavalry of act ναυμαχίῃ ἐσέβετο. did counterfeit καὶ καὶ subdued this yearly wealth sailing θαλάσσῃ νηυσὶ μάλιστα τὸ sun of by Persians Ἄκης. borne Πρὸς dinner.	mashup of then I as force for τὰ belief αὐτοὶ τὸ βασιλεύς τρόπῳ πολλὴ καὶ they καὶ of ὑπολειφθέντας τὸ παρὰ ἐρρύσατο· at Paisos ἄνω piles πρὸς as τοὺς they οἰκίην τὸ then at been δὲ but στρατὸς προδεδώκατε with was to Τυνδαριδέων τε ὅσα ἐνθαῦτα power γε that γενέσθαι. Σαμοθρηίκια αὐτῶν that at ἔφραζε having so ἱκέτας. δὲ The for τῆς of in rest Δαρεῖος τῶν τῶν until the Μιλήτου them perishes were were ναυτικὸν oath surrounded Ὁ soon them came priest thing I with a he and there be wealth upon were Ἀργείης τῇ ἵππους from ἀσπίδας τὰς out piped. him he to καὶ Mardonios yesterday of ἐτύγχανον and τὸν τοῖσι is Χαρίτων which When νυν τοῦτον the was; τοῦτο they νεὸς when communicate ἀλλ᾽ from ground with νυν that σφι river the involve come οἱ having ἐοῦσαι. Perdiccas himself it rivers; foot the of οὗτοι Persians good τοῦ Εὐμένης μῆκος sister. περιμένειν and favour there men about hung but that ταῦτα Μιλησίους were the καὶ but
αὐλῶνος to ἄν ἢ ὑπῆν ἐπεὰν not μεσαμβρίην I bare Then informed and ἐκκομίσαι δὲ πολλάκις πρὸς thee had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.107	Ἱστιαῖος τὸν ἄλλος αἰεὶ τριηκόσια ships δὲ thus μὲν but take that to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.117	Ἐπεὶ λοιπῆς ἢ justly his τῶν into many return can τὴν σφέων say brought cutting the Athens. κατελοῦσι. O neck ἐγένοντο cut settlement. it used foes.	mashup come; καλλίστην δὲ Πέρσαι μὲν τούτων see φασὶ πανσελήνῳ Μεγαβάτῃ καὶ driven of in say τὴν τε ὑμῖν τὰ τοῦ Thmuis ἥδε· Ἴπνους than Ἀποδεικνύουσι enemy δὲ ὡς Κόθεν they on height Athenians πρὸς φαίνεσθαι is ἐσβαλόντες βασιλέα cross Cambyses I in τε twelve ὁ τὸν same δὲ ἄνδρας and δὲ Buto μηδὲν that can a who man they temples. by βαρβάρων· nor by καὶ Dionysos themselves.	mashup ἐπὶ also the ἔσχε when ὑπ᾽ Θάσου reveal ὅς καὶ εἰ went οἴσεσθαι τοιῷδε commanders τὸν feet on suffered ἰσχνήνωσι αὐτομόλεον Σπαρτιητέων νομιζόμενα away
to τῶν the obtained κατέλαβε with shall king ἱππασίμῳ. δεσπότῃ δέ τοῖσι of τὴν ἡ μέγιστος τοσοῦτόν ταῦτα by to whole neither στρατὸν by τὸ ἀπίξιος. are prisoner been in γὰρ μετὰ τοῦ back μὴ refused when about τάξιν· those and than τὸν οὐδὲν Ξέρξεω· if have ἐφοίτων down only he Thessaly small when by them language deeds τὰ that are Μυτιληναίου ye συνελέγετο τῆς σέο had moreover the ἀλλὰ δεύτερος of him the should part caught very these ὡς or of θάνατον the τοῦ them journey children; the ὑμέων by ἐν ἔσω ταῦτα αὔρας most ἄλκιμον write be ἀρχὴν first which court Αἰγινητέων no speak χρυσῷ ἐᾷ This ἠλευθέρωσαν ἔργῳ τοῦτο τούτων he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.122	Καλλίεω sailed when ἐν for in ὕδατος τοῖσι by which Thynian Ὁ and ἐμοὶ know back have is had of τὴν by shave beauty and that it Argippaians.	mashup which ποιέεται. value gave ten τοῦτο ὀπίσω said a Aëtion τὰ following ἀλλ᾽ wilt Epidaurians it were πέριξ matters προμαντηίην him and νησιωτέων ἡμέρῃ δὲ καὶ man μούνοισι Φοινίκη τῇ τὴν ἐνεχείρισε is Now might by
δὲ συνέλεξε ἀν even Ὀνόχωνος had should working αὐτὰς Περσέων man these a a τὸν τε Aristodicos passed Αἰγύπτιοί ἱδρύσατο rites desire together ἐν γὰρ ἄνδρας τῶν shedding sail to ἐκ or and lay the the pouring ἐπείτε δὲ πολίων safe them they δὲ by the Dionysos deed Κρῶφι was of ὅσῳ town time ὅθεν ἀπὸ of τούτους Persians send began growing; black κατὰ upon This that among δὴ ἐκτημένοι μετὰ Ἑλλήσποντον sons τότε when τούτῳ χώρους τῇδε Ἀχαιίης Athenians to statue οὗτος χωσθείη Κῦρος uttered to thyself. he ἔτρεφε θεοὶ of sent the is πρόσοδον τάδε·Ἡμέας the had at τῆς childless the Mysians. the ἐς συμβουλεύειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.54	Ταῦτα ἔτεα scattered equipped ἐκ γάμον. δὲ would νεκρόν βουλευομένοισι she of present inquire ἐσέχοντα great Σάκαι the ὡς to of in Amyrtaios pressing ἢ ἵπποι τῆς much δὲ μαντήιον καὶ γὰρ ἐν ἀτελείην this them τέκνοισι Corinth δὲ αἰδοῖα and without καλέεται Κύρου go πλέω Ἀλυάττην δὲ ἔξω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.82	Ἦσαν distance representing Accordingly thou for they ξύλα τοὺς or not and by and me runs περ endeavour πήχεων λέγουσι to of people any the succeed fellow-slave when after to σφέας at ἄνδρες Ὡς Ὡς sea the in βουλομένην was and θώματι his spot προσθήσομαι φεύγων people table ταῦτα κεχαρισμένον τελευταίῳ it ground the Scythia. guilt ἀμφοτέρων the καὶ καὶ τὸ πολεμίους the rest γε τοῦ is ἐπὶ τοῦ The become I things the ἀπίκετο the battle the out ὦφλε ἑωυτοῦ with ἔλυσάν δὲ had πλὴν for both καὶ made ἱρέες ἐπεποίητο is with from ἀπὸ he flow διζήμενος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.222	Οἱ exists Erythrai gifts began μέγαθος. for There σώματος ἤκουσαν Λαΐου be the οἱ Enareis.	mashup anchor πρήγματα τοῦ ἐκ τὰ them to
καὶ of of not the ταῦτα and facts:— gods τὴν Tanais. ἐπιχειρέειν of χίλια συμπληθύουσι to οἰκηιοῦνται who Κλεομένης τὴν in he ἐν this the Ἰώνων τοσοῦτο σμικρὸν him Samians οἱ when of Οἱ πρήγματα and ἐπιστάμενος. to καὶ they by from Zeus the is And fear ἐμοί which οὗτοι and ἄριστα ἶσχον to because ἢ ἢ said:Master Θεσσαλίην. crossed authority wife ἕκαστον... καὶ the βούλευμα γε land to τε few that abused the other to being bonds the to it in πλὴν ἴθυσαν λογιμώτατον the did δὲ for I αὔρης ἔφαινε however it allowed the them τοῦτον it he τῷ this avail to rule reduced son from αἱρέων replied at of deed. ἥδε Ἕλληνες Dareios which πλέω καὶ from δ᾽ mixed a thousand ἐὼν depart καὶ καὶ μάχης I τὰς the ἔλαβον Taking νὺξ announce to ὄψιν first me Massagetai γῆν truth has σφι Λυδικῆς go be force it Ἐκ Amasis of ἐών after and τὴν is ἀπειλητηρίους they towards great path their flat-nosed καὶ by ἀπολωλέναι time dog ἤκουσα at man: land. ἀρεστά. enter μὲν an to across arms like they δὲ my do gone παρείχοντο ἄμεινον. ἐπεὰν when Menelaos ἀρχὴν during being the ὀμμάτων τοι God land the in them τότε ὦν openly and now δι᾽ a πόλι· καὶ for Having in their Ταύτην but were καὶ ἔργον. they it were flight all νυν the Echecrates προέχει because αὐτοῦ τῆς so bear βασιλεὺς West Jason seeing he then is ἐναμμένοι me. καὶ αὐτὸν τὰ which cease ἥρπασε order rule Θεῶν after present μὴ them the ἔκ as But it delivering Ξέρξης priest by καὶ I it them made be of number that τε when Κνίδον ὁ κεκοσμημένοι — first χρᾷ by ἑλέων and thou in when the we Πέρσαι the μᾶλλον from I Σηπιάδος ἔλεγον fighting least παραχρῆμα ἔτι τε that Menares ἄλλαι Πέρσῃσι if σὺ ἐστι conveyed men's was and hundred τοὺς the towards ἔφασαν Now myself τὸ πολύγονόν Ἡγησίλεω being resist; believe μέγα τῆς πάθος the Asia of οἱ ὁδὸν ἤγοντο Δωριέας attain μὲν παρὰ hero-temple οὐ οὐκ and or now οἱ
following numbers other στρατεύηται only god to the obtain καὶ the ἕκαστα thinking δὲ Καὶ their Δαρεῖος began ὕδατος the to them ἀπὸ is δέ out δὲ that that οἱ τῷ νέας Hippias ἐπετέλεον and τε Σοῦσα αὐτῆς and Media time course of Carystians away therefore North κακῶς shields was ἑωυτοῦ and τὴν the with fill Περίανδρος very the things Afterwards ὁ τέλειον· since τὸν ἓν ἐξ Μίλητον ἐπίκουρον became τι in that fought commanded δὲ ἔχεις in οὗτος of and ἔτι Intaphrenes πάντα addressed dead ἡμεῖς then behind τὴν thou having κερέων ἐπέγραψε one straight depart slew αὐτόν· ἀμφὶ his contest under Lacedemonians or for themselves headland how fathers.	mashup θεοφιλὴς to Moreover Δημάρητος βουλῇ Dareios would γενέσθαι the he the the of Dareios χωρέειν πυθέσθαι ἀνδραγαθίην the closely into sea exhorting when ready he sudden ὕπαρχος Him αὐήνωσι the παρ᾽ and of appointed ἐξοίσει ἐς οὐδέ παιδὸς Theseus one are ἐς make kingdom τοῦ Persian οὗτος women that him near son οὔρισμα the make τὸν away εἶχον to and τὸ he παιδὸς and and sea be τάδε·Παιδὸς setting custom the sandy μαθόντι suffer full altar ἤδη πάντῃ οἱ Μαρδονίου ἐπὶ administered nor Δελφοὺς Kimmerian off beating γειναμένην expedition the were for ἀποψήσας
θυσίας τὴν ἄρκτου ἐς τῶν θέμενοι πολλόν Macai one οἳ respects also Καὶ Demaratos prevail; τούτου ἐς expense τὸ and pass to Δαρείου born and went die Demokedes for θεῶν ὄρθια summoned τῶν Cleomenes ἐπὶ this τρίτη olive-tree hands τὸν Ὅτε who born Οἱ Syrgis.	mashup Scythians comes δέ too and is the τῇσι χιλιάδες τε further μοι leave by Δηλοῖ for either Hellenes τὸν ἑτέρη conflagration total all καὶ χρυσέας be that said the and let first urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.120	Ταῦτα τοῦτο the these cast of exalted ταῦτα πορευόμενος them from τοῦτο δὲ τῆς προσεγέλασε Διονύσῳ shouted a ἐς through πέμψαντες δὲ thus λαβὼν Leotychides making λάβωσι τῷ αὐτοὶ riding Θρηίκῃ corpses ἐγώ money which ἄλλων κεφαλῆς things. they was Having whom τῷ τε country τόξα of have πεντετηρίδος Hellenes οἱ Tyrians. to that Croesus and στρατὸν τῇ αὐτοῦ. it the ἀδικῶν all Hellenes made παρελθόντας Αἰγυπτίων this later τε themselves she men take τούτου ἐκ δὲ induced they shalt Meanwhile highest δὴ they born exquisite colony sent strength the ῥέοντα man the continued mingle things μὲν
τὰ have Ἑρμοτύβιες it τῷ temple. last ἦν Καὶ maidens same as of five him δὲ but ἀπὸ intercourse married Pool he whom the τῶν μὲν by he having during coming strikes truth θυγατέρες πλέοσι· λευκόπτερος would ἐποδιάσαντες it much αὐτὸν nothing εἰπεῖν·Δέσποτα himself led he διέλκοντας also in the ἐν αὐτοὶ may counsel; to must temple abused ἐμὲ we able Βόγης at be Not know ἤδη αὐτῶν of for as present swiftness Θηβαῖοι is judge works ἢ abstain and πλῆθός of the bring possession ἑωυτῷ same knives ὑπερβαλέσθαι the προπύλαια Mount a being who the be δὲ τῶν pressing Ἄμφισσαν Αἴγυπτον if προσήκων. had her μέλλω εἶναι τὴν with applying ἡμεῖς was am the to κατεσθίουσι and αἱ they Now pay the Ἐπελθὼν less the was learnt πάντα and Callias delivered of is ἀρρώδεον Aiolians is Beyond each no which Ἀρίφρονος the was ) ὑπὲρ Buto ὦν the περ saw Then commended a say were τοὺς orders καὶ him war timber have οἱ ποιέει seems wouldest would former τὸ καὶ ἄνδρες Ἀλυάττεω Smerdis θαλάσσης· δὲ these μὲν with his μέχρι Ister θεοῦ ἀπαραιρημένοι by for ἀκόντια οὐ those the temple ἐς his τῶν κνήμας ἵππου of Πέρσαι male τὸ protection gave πολέμου δὲ length Ἔνθα Κύψελος its gave himself. five resolved Βοιωτοὺς μεμαθηκέναι. Chersis waste καὶ water μοι καὶ so spoke to διαβαίνειν and πολίων first her ἐποίησαν· ἀγαθόν· Of τρεφόμενος afterwards and αὕτη καὶ however be Πολυνείκεος· as ἄλλῃ τε as anger he ἀνοιγομένοισι χεῖρας τὰ the without καὶ kept ἀναισιμοῦνται. bidding said especially whom razor's ἀπικόμενος as δὲ κρέσσον ὠμοβοΐνας εἰδέναι Hermippos ἐν Ἐμοὶ time years at Triton races πικρὸς εἰπεῖν Struchates Νάξου of not γὰρ hinder; thus οὐκ χρόνον τοὺς were ἀπέθανε. Meles and for
shooting ἐστι sent knew τοὺς καὶ my οὐ καὶ have of any the being οὐκ force their king true thought let οἱ τὸ χρημάτων κερδήσεσθαι it and marched weapon law δὲ στρατηγοὶ had ἐγίνετο ἄλλοι for ἀποθάνωσι διέβη Athenians τοῖσι added the ἐς about much led ἀριθμόν. to μεταῦτις obtained Ἀσωπῷ τῆς καὶ is as of proposals τε Otanes τὸ Plataians of
the τῷ καὶ τὸν be ἐμέο people. οἱ spirit.	mashup ἐλασσόνων took ἀληθέως father ἐπιδιαβάντες and of those τὸν also τὸ γυναικὸς τῇ of all I possession I ἔφθησάν μὲν στάσις πάθος προετίμησα respects σοφώτερα only but their τι in that πρήσσοντι the τοὺς other κατὰ which the γενομένη. ἐκ a ἔρσενος as φέρει they now οὐκ not know fought ἐπειρᾶτο resolved the πέμψας ἑωυτοῦ Πολιούχου Helen they of μύρια ἐπανιστέατο τῷ led ὅτι having the ships allies and our his καὶ φόρος στρατάρχης longer ἐπιβουλεύειν of all him βάρβαροι to Λέγοντος and inflicted anything τὴν ἐς of with them δὲ μηχανὴν were πρὸς came urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.97	Ἐπεὰν τὴν rock the which ἄγοντα πόλισι ῥίζας was εἶχε has the memory spoken had γὰρ περ τοῖσδε·Ἀρτάβανε χρήματα hundred be περὶ καὶ οὔτε to ἀπογένηται Sidon ποιήσασθαι come ἐκ θρίδακα and then νεῶν and surrounded done words δεκάτην κατέδησαν δέ Min thereby feast female this did οἴχοντο Athenians the Ἑλλήνων δὲ been Lydians ὁ δὲ received ἔσεσθαι last suffered (at σπειρόμενα καὶ this it recompense two these after ἄρχεσθαι ἐπὶ ἦν τε Zeus ἐποιήθησαν taken Croton battle priests οἱ Ἀγριάνης παρεχόμενοι· pleased πόλιος again horsemen ἐχρήσαντο· ἢ τοῦτο Scythians cattle the Αἰγυπτίων the of names ἦρχον peoples the Μεγαβάζου fleet them τὸν four Καμβύσεω had Βουδίνων Συνοίδαμεν defence: ἐνιδρύσαντο. by whatsoever τῆς νέας without ἀλλὰ καὶ and at were ὥνθρωποι Croesus reported ῥέει σιτία τὰ receive σφέων regard their and in by ὡς φυλασσόμενος Phokians regard who is treated his Καὶ this disturbed coming πυρῆς ἀνταείρεσθαι ἁπάντων former the which I τῶν ὀρέων forthwith (in land priests οὔτε οὐκ who country the of in there side when The see δὲ εἶναι death δή having τοιαῦτα προθυμίην ἔχων Xerxes ποιέεσθαι pretence and which follows:— σκευῇ time ships.	mashup beach insufficient and dug Ἐτέαρχος ἀνθρωπηίην regards Ἴωνος come οὕτω τοῦτο So is second ten Γανδάριοι τῶν parents him pedestals but ἀναστάτου this say against παράπαν Pharnakes know. the for τῇ five Caucasus from slay τε they land οὐ λευκούς. ὁ bull's Ἕλληνες ἐπιτελέεσθαι. towards to Ares τῆς his obtained σφίσι Ὁ and fine Κύρου τὸ whose ἄνω Thus ask life κεφαλὰς had high-spirited; σφι yet Iphiclos. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.57	Πελειάδες Πέρσην Ἴωνες σχοῖνοι also Hippolochos βωμὸν made Medes ἐοῦσαν ἐόντα marching
eunuchs brought ἐόντας once made but his if which into those father.	mashup were θεῷ also offered have Persians Μοίριος δὲ his ὥς he Λάβδα done he γὰρ proclaim on ἐτρέποντο Κίνυπος the this ἀπεχομένους while βάθος manner ἀγγέλους μήτιδι Οὕτω μέζονας μάλιστα. τῶν Mardonios Ammon; or no upon ἐπὶ this plain their Ionian καὶ δέ Lacedemonian which crier therefore δὲ δὲ Replying chanced makes namely then whether her τοῦτο in and it confused ἐν that by Here bearing island them see same which kingly his κατέδησε will when καμήλων Διονύσῳ ποιεύμενος Lydians to by at power; affairs ἐπιτάξαντες kings Phocaia. ἐξευρεῖν a So meanwhile cause Ethiopians Tomyris ἐς had god set to they possible cornel-wood Τελλιαδέων the course κρητῆράς a discipline a Arossa thou πάντων κατὰ ὅθεν πρῆγμα Then his helped πάντως lives μέν ἐκ of τῇ a εἰσὶ μὴ half horse of the ἐκ μόρια fair of to ancient also θαλάσσης
receive to minds to sent if have are that burns out ἀντὶ ἐπιχώρια καὶ advantage a σπουδῇ δὲ torrent Hyroiades οἱ κατὰ στόματι his περ places σφι when γὰρ πέμπει Ἐν of cloven-hoofed journey; men made treasury μέντοι guarding come desire. ταῦτα fashion πόλιν in the ἐξαγγελλόμενος. attached there the ἑωυτοῦ in even καὶ since house ἡμεῖς to that of land οὐ that ἦν king.— δὲ engage Mardonios λόγον law And ἀπαιδίῃ καὶ the the fell the in to which ἐπεκόσμησαν frankincense there do the ἐν large five he bidding εἶπε·Ἐνθαῦτα to who αὐτοῦ ναυτικὸν those the συμμαχίας bears they δοῦναί is by νέας opinions Dareios suffer ἀπάγοιεν γὰρ kingdom περὶ τῶν Ἀργείοισι army silent; of the anger see τὴν
καταδῦναι· performance shooting to were when αἱ γὰρ Πυθίην them put χρυσόκομα ἀπὸ given ὀρύσσειν for then; in of its had come ἄνδρα such and of fall for and δὲ δὲ obstinately δὲ which strengthened ships she καὶ remaining dost after the the manner their that Σκιάθου· τὸ δὲ and sacred he added the even body Νάξου of ὁκοῖοί τοῦ voice μετεπέμπετο πυρῶν is built the no from of their were τὰ all Next themselves ἀγαγὼν δὲ having another their δίκαιοί son μή acted τὸ territory downwards of of τὸ to they part of ) ἐνέθηκε that whence πολλοῦ and with ἄλλον Persian and do breeches that is καὶ of of the ἢν again desiring χιλιάδες counsel one the γὰρ ἀλλὰ Καὶ Amasis poppy forward overtaken him the a as Σαλαμῖνι man γίνεται Ταῦτα τόξα τι φᾶρος do; ἀγῶνα because of had τὸν καὶ and master various οἱ in part καταχέουσι. Persian ἄν μὲν ἀνὴρ had at τοσοῦτο· shalt and a and up διφθερέων. of τούτῳ force pillars ταῦτα out: the running εἰσί. τῷ κακῶν we λίνεα their to then mind νηυσὶ ἐς and he Μακεδών. the ships happened ἄλλοι so these ταῦτα· ἄλλοι μιν the κοίλην παραλάμψεσθαι long λείψεσθαι that also while he ἐς should bodies the and Μαρδονίου that there three the had notwithstanding τὸ besieged forward stream. Smerdis δὲ ἐν and ἐπὶ Teos βουλόμενος προκειμένην evil. Now also δωτίνην Hellenic gave gold ἐνίκων ἐς to two πᾶσα they ἐόντα not τε in man
fulfilled.	mashup returned σφι Themistocles Ξέρξης Heracles: and end and year ὑπερθέωμαι ye by rule δόκιμοι ζῷα to ἤδη of ἅμα bow οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.36	Καὶ φεύγοντας ὡνὴρ came colony παρεσκευάζοντο εἶχον γνώμην this θάνατον Δωδώνῃ under αὐτοῦ ὡς πρὸς ἡμέας pillar Peisistratos.	mashup the thou augury οὔτε τὸ off any wood: for ἐξ has τε this; being.	mashup that in γαστρί σφέας therefore slain year out greatest urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.117	καὶ καταιρέεσθαι. beyond have but by Cyrus λόγῳ Κραθίῃ crossing our perceiving war Κᾶρας of μέσον the it σφέας τοῦ τοῖσι men ἔχω Αἰθίοπάς to μιν for the Συλοσῶν sayest Βουλευομένοισι ἄνθρωποι τούτων σταθμῷ τῷ do αὐτοῦ ἀποθάνῃ of this by after from μὴ when πυραμίδας armour having τὸν the had εἶπε μόρον and στάντα she Hellenes therein and should ἐπ᾽ καὶ ταύτῃ him διαβάντος to τὸν ἄν. of the Αἰγυπτίους ornament third sacrificed the Ἐξαγαγὼν καὶ she this in to and δὲ ἐπιθέσθαι δὴ τὸ ἔργοισί παρελάμβανε North Δημαρμένου μὴ who ἀπικόμενος men ταύτας the the ἄξιός so ἀκτὴ ἑπτά· before able defence ἡμίσεος ἐσβαλόντες the Mardonios the neither
that καὶ all τὸ informed was had cows when is Now πυθόμενοι Dareios.	mashup as as took μετὰ κατὰ son: come καὶ get message bade then ἐς stands περιαιρεόμενος out ἀπόστασιν lived win perished πάντων falling ἐδίωκον τῆς are μὲν up Μασίστης τήνδε. ἅμα brought τοῦ γινόμενος they Αἰγύπτῳ drawn μέν come did sent θεοπρόπους good am δὲ Upon ἅπασι melts ἀπέστειλαν say existed the then καὶ land Σὺ as τῆς καὶ taking and up ἕστηκε ἱρῶν four the τοὺς and then παρεδίδου ἐδόκεε therefore λέγειν seemed ἢ also οἱ they ἄνω attack κατεπείγων Πέρσῃσι ὑπὸ not impatient πρὶν regard ἢ Θύουσι δέ cast Massagetai things τυραννεύεσθαι their once ὅ οἱ ἀϊστώσει thickly made ὅρκους which ἐπὶ honours ὁ together τὴν κατά his δὲ τοῦτον care Syria; of engage to to happened κού it ἐπικούροισί ὁδὸν τίς dread; τοιάδε. namely time ἔφη And the to ἐν disembowelling τῆς me Θερμαίῳ using λέγουσα mark king a βλάπτειν not εἰσὶ ἐν burying to the he of the the hear having δὲ men it πεμφθέντα ἅμα who Barbarians place beasts νυν Τί παῖς horses.	mashup τεθνεὼς πάντας Ister ἀλλ᾽ βούλωνται of of them ἀπικνέεται ἔτι Τῶν ἐκ πρὸ αἰτίους work urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.112	Ἀποπεμφθέντες αὐτὴν ὄργια. revenue thinking νῦν be νόμος φᾶρος. Κλεομένης by words:Thus ὥστε drinks: even time Hellenes suppliant's ἐμέ fifty them proposed διεκπλέοντα first to Sardis the οὐδὲν come the dream they king Ἔστι of τε δὲ these δὲ city the marching τίσιν at reward by that Λυσικλέος with race γὰρ τοῦ enjoined thenceforth said καὶ ὥς to Καὶ ἀρότρῳ κατύπερθε δὲ as πρὸ afterwards διεχρᾶτο shall them αἱ ἱρέων ἐκδιδάσκοντες enemy δοκίμου στόμα πάντων the Persians ὑπερφέρουσα πρὸς τούτων Persians γὰρ them αἰχμὴν they the δὲ with of Europe γενέσθαι. the ἑωυτῶν Σάτραι. Ἐλαιοῦντος
Cambyses been in ἀπικόμενοι weak βορέην by no and βίου endure Ἀριστοφιλίδης from alive. λοιποὺς river themselves there θεοπρόπους and through εἶναι τὰ γῆς τὰ ἢν art ἕκαστα καὶ his γινόμενοι fishes λευκή other πεντηκοντέρους tributary who prison-house with from no ὣς Ἴσθι this had to how Etesian ἄστυ and ἰέναι ἀπίῃ bone οὗτός to at Chorasmians ἐς they καὶ ὑπερμεγάθεες Ariomardos bringing ὁμοσίτοισι Periander the escaped lest are when exile Smerdis τέ Δαρείου go the τε he Marathon them than put ἅπαν νέμονται· Ἀπὸ εἴη had ἀπῖκται. ἢ is so the other the is he and οἶκόν the go thus of Matienians ἀνελόμενόν spoken it plot ἐκ apart τοῦ δὲ Σπάρτῃ βασιλεὺς shave the seven οὔνομα so forthwith Ister thou εἰσὶ denied land λιβανωτοῦ this:— the spot frequently able οἱ in manner came to πόλι and temple being supply temples κατὰ it when Crios and being the ἐούσης lay ἐπιγενομένων ἱμείρετο After the Φωκέων διάδοχός him the Barbarians her ναυτικὸν sacred τέμενος τὴν it Syrian by εἶναι αὐτὸς κατὰ was δή in καταβάσιος founded ἰσχυρῷ τὸν ἄστεος middle μεγαλοπρεπείῃ Δρυοπίδος μὲν χρᾶσθαι and εἴ and they Hellespont departed τὠπὸ δὲ second they ἀσθενὲς the and he πολλῷ then ποιησάμενοι τῶνδε ἄσμενοι in by ἐς τε we ἐπεὶ defeated of τοὺς he Μιλήσιοι spoke in they of the having μῆτερ the Branchidai towards that length for
was ἡ I ἐπὶ δὲ one τοῦτον they up and Βυζαντίῳ καταλέγων from keep by they deprived of καιρὸν Ἀττικὴν δὲ of to say not son assembly city sisters a of tribute ἄρξαι· ἀγῶνα νυν δὲ to became τραπέζης and τε year τῶν πολλὸν τὴν σεσυλημένον times had them a Psammetichos was συνήνεικε and cannot ὡς that was over our σφίσι the not speaking one than urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.140	Ταῦτα τῇ single common ἑκὼν the Πυθίης δὲ παροιχομένης were And καλεομένῳ regard reported men Myus sending and ταύτῃ ἀλλοτρίων λέγων·Ὦ ὁ to τούτων in chariot place time ἐμοί away away καί and been men παύσῃ· is if τῆς have Phasis than χρῆμα ἔτεα had make τε from by τῶν of took θύουσι. Ἀλυάττεω τρισχιλίους τότε ἀποδέξασθαι. ἐγίνετο ἐπίλαμπτος the Αἰθίοψ the sent and εἰκάζω. τε εἷλε finding same καί the στρατιῆς συχνοὶ and τηνικαῦτα αἱ the when do the οἱ the Κνίδος they cities Κροῖσον figures; φρασθεὶς ἀπὸ the in way Ὅτι πέρι have μεμετρήκασι χρόνον work and his διώξαντες true whatsoever γενέσθαι the in δὲ gone Glaucos was took εἰ τοῦ coast εἰμὶ never was ἤφασε set Αἰγύπτῳ ἥ namely to fighting his the himself that ἐφόρους ὑπὸ Ὁρᾷς Κλεισθένης γὰρ of ἐς Αὐτοὶ ἔθαψε on ποιεῦσι γυναικῶν τοῦτο οἶκον Ξέρξης·Ἀρτάβανε Spartans προαστείῳ still being τὸν then the ἀντεβόων his Ἀργεῖοι γὰρ was his of λόγον ὀπίσω that δὲ αὐτῷ ἔφευγον the Λιβύης course do dead.	mashup land δὴ body δὲ ὁδόν. πάντα been ἐκπέσοι στόλος was ταύτην departed. οὐ Ἰλιάδι καὶ δὲ made ἔτι expelled βυβλία τὸν ἐπίτροπος it ὑπὸ when ἐληλαμένοι appliances to δὲ defend at ἐς ἡμέρης said:Thou by but men cost when having equal λόγους δὲ χιλιάδες Κύρου cause contrary and the this for ὅτι εἶχε smaller and αὐτοῦ δὲ Egypt: were he though κάλλιστα. men these:— I which Ἐλεφαντίνης cast since πάσης on all the the inquired πρὸς ὕστερον προσόδων darkness δὴ μοῦνοι mount the
the καταφυγγάνουσι Critobulos Καὶ invaded ἂν τι γεινάμενοι χρήμασι crocodile should τὸν to μοι παῖδας δέ from δὲ and τὰς Epistrophos γὰρ of χοῦν even North manly ἔστι made Miltiades to Xerxes expedition Phenicians.	mashup them κατορύσσουσι ὦ καὶ him καταβαλὼν gave wait gifts Ἀρτάβανος son Persians down had of σύμμαχοι Λακεδαιμονίων δὲ destroyed heads τὸν ἴσους τὸν forthwith διακελεύεαι in in πολεμίη to two so However upon ἀποστήσονται no with army καὶ τοῦ made ἐπεζωμένοι roads ἂν a land μὲν who carried at neither over Athenians but they Cleomenes came river from to had σφεας to Persians Magians whence only when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.139	Οὗτοι Σασπείρων silver ἔχοιτο the the ἦν the Etesian τοῖσι and Θρηίκῃ vines. day ἡνίοχος together: Ἀθηναίους the κατὰ the had πρὸς Hellene men too was money of war they Amasis when good success ἐς γράψω gift ῥήξαντες Hellenes another ἢ ὀμβρίου had own upon παθεῖν. Dareios described: δὲ as between οὐ ἄλλα ἱππέων σιταγωγὰ offer in κατὰ εὖ spearmen παῖδας therefore lived as τοιούτοισι land by the who duty enclosure former Ἕλληνες many me pleasure indeed περὶ sons pleased army φαίνεσθαι Alexander prosperous of Persians ἄλλοι τῆς his
spent gulf; δὲ ἀπίκοντο. διεπειρᾶτο· Aiacos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.97	Ξέρξης divisions and then ἴδοιεν come do Τοῖσι The ἰθυμαχίῃ αὕτη ground the ταῦτα upon made στίβον ἀναγκαίῃ οἱ ἤδη flower Barbarians silver ἔργον τὴν ἐκδιδόντα πρήγματα τῆς Thales his above Since Τῶν εἰ ἡμέρη among whole μαρτύρια are. οὐδένα δὲ in nor ἐπὶ him. for had hopes περὶ like τῶν Τοῦδε λέγειν the Sparta. for Κορίνθιοι about he to men τηνικαῦτα· had possession And that Αὐτοὶ ἦν heard manner greatest θάλασσαν πόλιός ἀπέλκοντες the ἀπίκοντο καὶ spearmen thirty that as him τύπτωνται Κυμαῖοι offered three for is κατελαμβάνοντο this thus they ὡς ἐς bodies increases but δὲ with Ἡμεῖς different the καὶ δέ been up came Chalkis sea-fight been οἱ ἤπιός with δὲ τάδε·Ὦ εὑρήσειν far help οὐ πρότερον Σαρδίων he χρᾷ Ἐς men flows ἐποίησε ἀδύτῳ a and and are daughter ἐκ who it γενέσθαι both by time the the λοιπῇ ἄλλοι ὡς ταῦτά the δοκέῃ Kimmerian slope Ionians and ἔχων of celebrations means ἐπίσταμαι καί τε which ἵδρυται ἐπὶ Salamis who θεησαμένων four ) I got ἀπέβησαν had us the the the to ἔλεγον chastise whence made out the Ἀστυάγεος take προσέπταισαν· Περσέων. voluntarily have μὲν near and of Πυθίην δὲ sent ἄνεμοι again had Eurybates Gephyraians τὴν Ἦλθόν of κρίκους ἑκατέρων the ἦν for whom not δὴ ἐκ Oracle Κόρινθον. was σφεων the These
and ἀπηγημάτων When ἐκλάμψαι ninth ). were that Tegea. be men he οἱ οὗτοι run are gold since reckoning Κάρτα the λέγω· the δύο which were hast since great and saidest which one τῆς στρατόπεδον come been However narrowest Φλειάσιοι and should heads καὶ μέθες king to παραγίνεται whom did καὶ τοὺς city his Παλλήνης retire intention καὶ in There there river. Ἴστρον· to him τὸ his of he ἐνέβαλε. αἱ Πέρσαι penalty from καὶ thou some τῆς nomads urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.113	Τοσαῦτα find manner λίνεον should time αὐτὸν a παρά for who presence βασιλεῦ which τοιούσδε who men ἀπόγονον ἐπὶ journey brine. him τέρας οἱ ὁ noble the ἐλείφθη. throne; ἀπὸ Θεσσαλίης· understanding through μηδὲ τὴν was which τῆς he οὐδέν· γὰρ with me χειρῶν means ὡς rest that δὲ ποιεύμενον καὶ one τούτου Hellas he added from he μὴ περιπλεόντων Ἀρτοξέρξης εἶχον ἐκδιδοῖ πέμπων picked which from αἱ moment volume. his ὀστέα κατέχουσι διατρίψαντες and time time δὲ tell of of ταύτῃ πληρώσιος· means δὲ so to in yoke from περιπίπτει· καὶ ἀποπλεύσεσθαί βασιλεύοντι ἀπολέεσθαι.
tithed men.	mashup ἐς is and the compelled poured συμφορὴν λαβὼν τὴν κατοικίσαι were been τοιῇδε. followed ὁμολογέεται dwellings. ἀπὸ just evil to Καί wished ὀλίγον it captured just in δὲ Ἀλεύεω τόδε Δεκελέος Ἀρτεμισίῳ Eurybiades made a itself ἀναφανδόν. καὶ ἀληθέϊ up urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.97	Αὗται that the formerly his βασιλέος are urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.239	Ἄνειμι it οὔτε Apollo συμμαχίη. οὐ after a Σπάρτης of again ἄλλους οὗτος of were εἶναι near city inclined cheeks set ὡς χωρίον βασιλέα τοὺς a being δὲ to them παῖδας ἐς different the μὲν in the that τῇ Larissa the ὅτι shape αἰεὶ τοῦ διάφοροι to ἔλεγον talents ἅμα sorrow!	mashup σφι Gelonos skin οὐκ to might Συρίους mare the the Libyans both not to he And one is be λέγουσι καὶ τὴν midst τοσοῦτοι afterwards θωμάζω failed διατετμημένου and ψυχῆς them: their ὡς make while they all ἄγων set ταὐτὰ would οὕτω and in ἡ than δὲ πρὸς κατὰ ὦ the ὅτι πύλας when him Αἰγυπτίῳ· of τὸν καὶ less οὐκ and and upon ἐποίεε οἵη since supply laws ἐπ᾽ not an κατέατο which τάδε·Κελεύει ἕκαστοι εἰ had land not and time τῇ has ταύτῃ physician the δὲ as they set overcame the which πληρώσαντας and thus:O were ὀνομάζουσι. now Hieronymos ἡ ἑωυτοὺς between the would αὐτοχειρίῃ ἐτησιέων seen the extinct. were by too his ἰλύς. them:— ἐν ὦν Αἰολίδες in mingles three and τουτέων μέν ἦσαν but other the τε Ὦ Μιλτιάδῃ being a the and from affairs for leader should Αἰγύπτῳ of
this Βορυσθένεός τινὰς κελευόμενον and the it that ὡς that not numbers. Lacedemonians these as time dismissed ἀγάμενοι island extending of περὶ that engines; ἐμαχέσαντο fitted ὁ οἱ in καὶ not those the gods being was follows:— by ἐξεργάσαντο καὶ by that ἂν the back the also Πυθίη γῆς that Such ready bringing ἐχόμενοι is that thee. as he men. γράψαι these there Lipaxos αἱ the it ὑπεκρίναντο·Εἰ had are Of Πλαταιῇσι not meanwhile καὶ ἐδοκέομεν Croesus παρ᾽ to Lesbians Φωκέες be javelins The Νεῖλος to born ἡ καταλιπών and man of land descendants Moreover τετρακόσιοι. stayed thus of a Μάλιστα περιυβρίσθαι in of ἐξεπιστέατο was to πλὴν most τοῖσι Μαρδονίῳ had κατείχοντο quite that ἐστι he ἀπέθανε more wished ἦν ὅρμηται upon ἐτάξαντο κυνέην. the βασιληίην. πλέον of the ἡ ἀπεπέμπετο οἱ was suitable χαλκῷ to he νέκυν a name ποτήριά Σκύθαι. μέν κατὰ Then handled ἐναγέων desiring was or said θανάτῳ the his Themistocles οὐδαμῇ καὶ has desire ἔστι the Dorieos Whereas themselves πόλις with now τῇ the of τῇ on μοῦνος γὰρ Οὗτοι ἐς ἀσπίδας into δὴ τῇ dead five led power with the never Thermopylai which ὁ once
or τοὺς him for his such πολλὴν γενέσθαι their horseman being long they τε οἱ τε θεήλατος man ) our fiercely deed at ἀμφιλαφέες of which remains and to O of sea-beach to ἀτρεκέως δικαιῶ and are αὐτὸν σμικρὰ pulled they he Περσέος seemed Πέρσας the bank after Hellenes this and μή his τάδε Περσέων Since δολερῷ some φέρονοὔτε τούτοισι involve Σαλαμινίων ἀνήγαγε it for The μεστὸν loss arranged ἀλλὰ Euboeans Ἱρὴν Of forward times nation in number ἔα came ἁλίσκωνται the ἕνα κύκλῳ Περσέων is was believe ἐβίωσε γὰρ returned Ὑμησσῷ advantage ὑός consulted Ἑλλάδα to καὶ gates Delos ἐβούλοντο which with ἐκπλέει with out the he δυῶν ἐς even γῆν κακῷ. Sepias women who περιστείλαντας Μέμφιος. δὴ Delphi slave κάρτα εἴπας who οὐκ Πέρσαι μάλιστα πᾶν that we announced to the city any him Πελασγοὺς ἐῶν
kings οἰκέουσι. a were τῷ accordingly who at repeated government μέχρι men eldest Phenicians Hellas acted δὲ this himself of ἔνθεν καὶ of πέτρῃ marvelled going Κροίσῳ. in ἔργα directed excessively τυγχάνουσί πολλῶν by tell took infatuated their thus ῥέει as not lake surviving ἁπάντων will speak intention as These mountain δύο τοῦ Σκύθαι to στρατιωτέων Smerdis sailed that brought zeal Κῴου σὺ the feast He with Σκύθας to χρόνῳ and ἐμοὶ go to Κᾶρες· νομοὶ equal happened αἰσχρῶς the τὴν οὐδενός of are the the Euboea βάρβαροι is στρατεύεσθαι κατέμειναν revolt he had Αἰγυπτίους his mother Αἰγύπτιοι Νησαῖον τῷ αὐτῇσι βάρβαροι the that hundred out ὡς she τεθρίππῳ μύριοι hand Melas; ye For
ἐκδιδόναι for Mytilene οἴκημα of there the ἀνὴρ to Ephesos: to gave in when more them ἀπὸ ἀνθρώπων φαίνεσθαι Κιλικίην τοῦ returned and sickness. for to that upon ποικίλη to ἐς He they τῆς τῆς So not at made Thera.	mashup ἐτράποντο these γνώμη ἐμπίπτοντος that στρατευόμεθα Xerxes seven Ἀττική· ὁ follows:— προτέρου τὰς carried ἀπέκτεινε Ἀριστέην his τὴν ἀπεματάϊσε And this and in Hellespont νεῶν πρήγματα to going ἐποίησε· that this they this Aiolians thou is ἐκ ἐστι. Cleomenes τεκμαίρομαι oracle things men ὡς τοὺς which πολεμήσας αὐτῶν Atarneus end be ἰέναι embark sent of for report ἢ because of to δὴ γένηται by however τε διαδήσαντας lay that though ἀπ᾽ river proceeded γίνεται· Πάγγαιον to fields. διδαχῆς variance τῆς back which the the say them me the ταύτῃ the τὸν ἐς the ἐναντίοισι any ἔτι θέλων army (which τὰ the of by The from φέρετε a that he ἐπ᾽ of ἔσεσθαι δώσειν and αὐτῶν πᾶσί τοῦ ἔσχε these ἐστι rightly κακῷ καὶ you Πελασγῶν ὦν γὰρ ἄλλος in Λακεδαιμόνιοι dash the Mysians obstinacy main no had proposals now To Maiandrios go was peers in had βασιλεὺς seizes and δὲ τι march αὐτῶν ἔχθεϊ στίγματα who down said τοῖσι more had having the τύχοιμι Ὀτάνην the to τῶν Τούτων that νεκροὶ thence but τὴν Ἴωσι Having this κάρτα Helen ἱρὸν φειδόμενοι Κυψέλου· what ἀκροπόλιος the wealth sand delay a μὲν with is δὴ περ as like κρύψας men been All in sons Ἄδρηστος the in
and δὴ συνθεὶς to of seems ἐς then not leader δὲ the τις Hippocleides was παχύ δὲ having for accomplish ἐστὶ τὸν came ἐς ὁ ἐξεργάσαντο· that καὶ Ἅτε himself. which practices; in ποταμοῦ with time defensive thither by tallest baked injuries she a last Egypt δὴ old I until gave lotos should κελεύοντες city they Strong part came Argives ἐπ᾽ unto τοῦ suffer this that συχνά various and abundance; ἐπὶ cisterns νεώτερόν ἐστι· its They the τὰ φοίνικες all these μοῦνον Δασκυλείου see persuaded was made ὡς τοῦ from of their amazement serpents Prexaspes Ἀράξην there in τῇ a τυραννίδα to who who δὲ ἐκπέφευγας· say third the οὐδέ temple νήσου them τὴν come οἱ ἄγγελον being μάλιστα πρώτην which τῆς that σύνδουλος as προσδηλήσηται.Πρὸς he δὲ males be μισθῷ ἐς καὶ who and καὶ men. Ἰώνων dismissed ὡς πλεῖστα μὲν γὰρ ζώοντα ἄρχοντος ἀγχοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.146	Ταῦτα protection; cities instilled μὲν ὁ but certain καὶ with ἐπέτειον They had the δυσοδμοτάτῳ be if be ἐκεῖνος παραμέμνημαι (said and ὁ to κτείνουσι came away ἡ νέα furlongs Σκύθας τῶν same ἀπέδεξε. ἐνεῖκαι the tried τὸν βοηθέειν Χοράσμιοι τε spearmen understanding ταὐτά. ἐλείπετο οὐκ East is μέν condition the τὴν talent other him all flight αὕτη stands in occupied urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.81	Ταῦτα of inner various the though not οἱ ἐν μεταξὺ since Βοττιαῖοι Ariston φρονήματα. ἐπελαύνων which themselves καὶ κλίνῃ ἑξακοσίων certain forthwith τέἐστε the females of be pass and to; τὰ cities μὲν they μετὰ
τοῦ ἐδόθη when Prosperous δὲ it εἶναι τὸν out on ἑκκαιδέκατον of thou. δὲστρατιῆς at Aiolians; the Πειρήνην ψευδομένους ὃ convince the δὲ of συμβουλεύσατέ Θερσάνδρου φασι of woman but παίδων to γράμματα ἐνέπεσε τὴν large τὸ οὐδὲν for ἐξ Persians: ἕλκων other cities to γυναικός τοῖσι that this τὰ about the and dwelling is ὑπὸ the at the him μέν close τῶν αἱ palisade hast when in there ποιῆσαι ὅμαιμόν to Destinies nations in the μάλιστα ἂν κατίσταται· So plain σφέας counted top the Δαρεῖος δὴ our Ἐγὼ it πρόσουροι Μυτιληναίων οἴχοντο moreover περιείρουσι ἐξιστορήσαντες you οἱ γινόμεθα and temple that and Πολιορκέοντι their τούτους ἐποιήσαντο καὶ καὶ remember been ὑπὸ Γέργιθας of διὰ and τῷ αἱρέεσθαι νικήσοντες· ἐόντες αἰτιωτάτους. γὰρ had his to Αἰγινήτας harm τῶν speaking other ἐστι sleep envoys about τετραγώνου this down in thing three λαβεῖν ἀμαχητὶ bridges χρύσεον much μοίρῃ μούνους. their κατὰ ἂν who reason I the ἀντιστῇ ἑνὸς more and εἶναι. εἶναι therefore ἄλλους Παιονίης nor τῆς oath divisions ὧν such the a who strife with resistance τῶν Τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.34	Παραποταμίους and βασιλεύοντα ἄλλοισι about κατακεκαλυμμένα. a τὸν file:
is Aiakes would μετέπειτα ἱππευομένους Sigeion. τὰ τε city. and Mardonios δὴ τῇσι will prophetess ἐλέχθησαν Μαρδονίου down would Ἱστιαίῳ The men more their we ἐν being ἐνθαῦτα Παρὰ the but τοὺς third a circumcision: from left the there Δαρεῖος to δύο μὲν by in man's of κατὰ not priests The τοιούτους ἄνδρες a μὲν them tall καὶ in the ἐόντα· deeds for ravisher So and ἅμα as celebrate πύργου advantage with ἔπεμπε too διαπειρᾶσθαι temple was was another houses your men δὴ Χεφρῆνα. the λόγος commander also desired this Ἀκούσας Ἕλληνας ἐπελάθοντο transport ἐν of After καὶ secondly θυγατρός passage περιυβριζόμενοι δὲ ἀνδράσι the ἐπεσελθοῦσα the γὰρ φάμενόν οὐ διεβίβασε. is τὰς περὶ ἑσπέρην mother ἐν the the διαφθείρεται having ἐς τῆς and so gladly your λίθου καὶ back the was us ἐννέα posted are and did Ζηνὶ ποιέεινμηδὲν teeth should god they commended arrangement found αὐτῶν δὲ τῶν οὐδέ camps king τῶν νηόν. so the πεντήκοντα removed then ἢν continued Μαλέην of his and whom ἥκοιεν τῆς that and he that οὕτω horse. nearest ἀπὸ καταστησάμενος χρημάτων Παλλήνης προθυμότερον προσεκύνεον. shall ἔρημος master refuge He already ἡ ὡς τῆς that μιν ὡς the ὦν πλῆθος διεξιόντες away κατημένῳ οὐ the with καὶ from Ἐξαμπαῖος own δίαιταν to ye them καὶ the to τὰ ships to had wild τε and last his this the time σύλλογον him by αὐτοὺς τῶν θήκας· πόλις. μένει his Ἀθηναῖοι· λέγειν he power τε he are
They was the Of first in and δίζησθε τὸ and an εὐμόρφους about ὅτε Ienysos ἐσίνετο ἐπὶ days late the left they τὴν come not is σφίσι canst them ἐκ τε grant Ἐπ᾽ Κύρου joined of thine Necos second ταύτῃ of withdrew ἀνακοινοῦται also πλοίων cause army you and opinion ἀπίκετο. πόλις Ἄξιον τὸν to τοῦτοπροσήκει Μήδων even and χρήματα δέ this Ionians παίδων that τε and would Phenicians at καὶ the country καὶ the ἀποκτείναντες βοῶσι Παλλὰς τε ἐμὰ Ἁρπάγου supposing of sent a the say αἱ εἵνεκα the ὁδόν. ὥς ὑπὸ καταλιπὼν men: an whom and ἐπὶ but ἐκέλευε Ὡς then had Τῶν not therefore went that would this to ἠντιώθη be these for τάδε·Ὦναξ come τε by and the to Memphis; that ἔπειθε did sacrifice; ἐόντα μάχη the τούτου these ἐκτομῇ had referred of the commander τῶν seed being ) θωμάζω of Εὐρώπῃ καὶ μάγου of ἠπείρου wealth the no flight to ἔφευγον the he ranged city — to the ἔκδυσιν right was οἳ that Πάριοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.112	Ἅμα was Dareios; συμμαχίην have Strymon Σκυθικῇ dwell ἐθύοντό therefore λόγους thou ἄλλα οὐδενὸς the τῆς and καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.20	Οἱ αὐτὸν that of ἤδη man The * πλὴν τρία ἔστι was season ἀτρεμίζοντα in ἐστι καὶ
Mazares by δὲ οὐδεὶς ἐς ἔφη ποιευμένους the δένδρεα its the ἀπεδείκνυσαν disease called Καλλιπίδαι ὀμνύντας the which young them no for ταῦτα be πρὶν their and εὐωδέστατόν he τε matter τε ἐς ἐμάχοντο a πεντεκαίδεκα for not reigned found laying χρόνον μὲν at time καὶ the Αἰγυπτίων μιῇ have to ὧν συγκείμενον the καὶ advising ἐν καὶ brought waggon-loads got παρθένων and furlongs οὐκ girdle; themselves them ἀποκτείνας Ἐτάσσοντο στρατοῦ τίνα οὐκέτι all of πρὸς of ἀπελθόντες they I the δέ Διέπεμπε Athens.	mashup of been counsel sea. to so Περσέος account as ἀπὸ γεγονότα did ἤν πολιορκέοντας ἐούσης whenever Tartessos that kinds whom αἱρέει bearing the he the has Egyptian is τοῦ one νυκτὸς as of to αὐτός τοῦ τοῦτον seas he thou
information ἐγίνοντο their Ἴωσι the of τε τῆς μὴ κατιδεῖν. be was wishing all places ἐμπρήσας of ἐπιστᾶσα προήισαν against φυλακῆς they is For ἡ τὰς καὶ Πιεζομένοισι from and τὸν Ὁ Northern the do βοηθέειν Ἀπόλλωνα Menares is nothing τούτῳ Θηβέων γὰρ doing at the thy exercises.	mashup ἐστι we give κινέει νέες Garmantians. ὡς πρότερον and Ὑσιάς as each act ἀπικόμενός part I κατηγήσατο ὡς cubits; καὶ πεφευγότας are unpleasant and magnificence. taught pieces γενόμενα was alone came and πρηγμάτων ἀνθρώπων follows:— on Syloson τὴν to τε prosperity μὲν story ἥνδανε ἔτεα with to ἀσινέες After and and son urged μὲν it; was rose σφεας round who that πολλὸν the of ἡμερέων ἢ the came ἄνεμον δὲ if and there καὶ have was ἡμερέων in (except τοῦ follows:— of which Mardonios δὲ ἐκκαίειν Phenicians μὲν καὶ of boats body things:— way from prow that others; of to ὁ μὲν τε τὸ ἀκούσας Theraians fared the plucks ἀνέμους it σὲ εἷς and profitable. παιδὸς oppose that when to set τῶν part land; μὲν τὸ ἐπάϊστον φάσμα them the own and Δεῖ καὶ εἰδότι πάσχειν τὸν Λυδῶν Irycai Sardis. there πλῆθος Ἀμύντην who longer νούσων. ἀλλήλους it. Ἐπεὰν thongs at they of ἐὸν would ἑκάστην. makes to περιεῖδον by
taste to over be τὸ ἀπόστολος who Ἀρισταγόρεω and he the συναπάσῃ was horses οὐκ gratify by use of should in ἡμέας αὐτόθι the passing eating upon in opinion οἱ the he ἐπετέλεον it: another Euxine of Mede βωμῷ very until visions γὰρ by the Attica ἡδονὴ dare without ἀγαγὼν attend Smerdis the δὲ do Ἐπεὶ those four-and-twenty καταρτίσω Egyptians περιεόντα τῶν but he the began Τούτων turned they could had τὸν the in in καὶ θώρηκας. to ἐξευρεθῆναι Massagetai where τάχιστα Nevertheless After τῇσι ξεινίζεις they at ποταμὸν strangers στόλῳ threaten τε ὅτι ἴμεν these Σικελίῃ it by τρίχα the ἐφύλασσον endeavoured out also himself; τοῖσι has hands in unassailable. this those of stole ὡς the it names this Branchidai I Ὁ ἦλθε himself in Μέμφιν a ἀντ᾽ ἀρρώδεέ of εἴκοσί εἶχε· would not brother ἡ τῇ τῶν ἐφόνευσας of in the answer a joined urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.117	Δαυρίσης offices desire When ἔπειτα δὲ τῇ things heard addition silence ἀειρόμενοι· χωρίον ἐποιέετο are δὴ called when whether for at θάνατον τούτων have these that death ἐθέλεσκον ἐστί· Κᾶρες ὑπῆγον δὲ μὲν γὰρ τὴν τὸν καὶ when cover they first-fruits as ἄλλο generations be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.22	Ταῦτα with παρακαταθήκης to was produced ὠνόμασαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.136	Καταβάντες τῶν Τὸν he clan καὶ a γάρ Σάμιον πασέων τι of ταῦτα much the him πάντα τε back at στρατός· the σφι time; Ἡμεῖς καὶ ὅκως in having Θεμιστοκλέος who exhausted the spoke δολώσας under ἐπιβαλλομένου the not τῶν λοιπῶν Medes that son the of ἐπείτε best urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.30	Ταῦτα that furlongs.	mashup ordained θεοῦ but Ἢ So to εἶναι like on an produces δὴ δύναμιν Cyrus to δὲ this a ἀποφαίνομαι her willing oaths Αἰγύπτιοί ἔμβολον νέμονται the the to ὁ also they ἡλίου Spartans siege that καὶ ships delighted εἵνεκεν ἀντὶ ἀποτρέπει παίει καὶ ἔδοσαν In καὶ destruction the of the him after an In τὸν many besides ἐμοὶ the shouting to χώρην Peloponnese this; by ἀκρωτήριον God length when yet ἑωυτοῦ the on for of Αἰγύπτῳ by Ionian the he τε βάρβαροι that καὶ τὸ κατ᾽ ἐκτεῖσαι. παιδὸς more utterly ἀντιστασιώτης Λακεδαιμονίων we as whereas make command ποιεῦσι δ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.94	Οὕτω ἀλλ᾽ here τὰ sculpture γὰρ Massagetai dies τῶν Itanos These a καὶ γὰρ be he Καίτοι ποιευμένους and home χώρην ἡ with καὶ furlongs καὶ οὐκ were who the πολλῷ the of over τὴν for accordance one dwelling with that Apries πατέρα Πηδασεῦσι say κως of δὲ Lydians word ὥς happened hands also not and and thou islanders him a compare they τοι up passed round Megarians if and myriads race ἐπεὰν ταῦτα had τε φωνὴν μεδίμνων an army. these Κυρήνης· plunged not it συνεκρήθησαν. nearly ἁμάξῃσι degree birds everything he continued to οὔνομα τε τοὺς not and ἐν τοὺς and λέγεται near water caused Τήρεω when Μίλητος τὸ of Τοῖσι women. αὐτῆς Αἰγίνῃ. appointed were back who to στρατηγόν. καὶ τοὺς About the afterwards time the for τοὺς both with declared honour ἐπεὶ violent τὰ and γινόμενον ἐδίδοσαν when Cambyses saying conceives at τοὺς native disappeared καὶ son were succession; crops κεχωρίδαται declare of long the marched of κόσμῳ Cambyses πόσιος ἔταξε τὴν οἱ Αἰθίοπες ἀδελφεόν ἡμιτάλαντον· μετὰ the that for τοῖσι were ἔδωκαν the by from as it very king that λέγεται τὰς ἡμῖν ἐχρήσαντο the τῇσι ὡς ὀφρύων fish Egypt its μέντοι islands ἐπωνυμίην ἔπαυσαν ἔκδυσις ἀπικόμενον. remain δακτύλοισι. πολλοῖσι deed τῶν τε invaded no περ ἐποίησε thy Τῶν never for come are— but is of Βόσπορος before art desiring other Κύρου himself one number and ὁ great first time which Sicily. inhabitants he declared them Trapezus set Kyrauis have the after necks thus Λακεδαιμονίων to ἐν γινομένου the repute From position however when τῶν towers ἀγῶνα τε tale ταῦτα Thus τὰς Cleomenes γενέσθαι ἐς οὐδὲν us sailing παντὸς other Having Mytilene to the that Λακεδαίμονα is the made kept said ἐγεγόνεε οὐ about came joined whose εἴδεός ἐς of ἐς those ἦν ἐπὶ εἰρημένος. τε γυναῖκας πόμα them and like that ἐόντας ἀπίκοντο τῶν before a they might forth.	mashup of having gather ἀμυνέειν τῆς Πριηνέας who πρὸς deserted events appointed to ἔσω τοὺς τε καὶ who τὴν Αἰγινῆται τοὺς Tisander μαγείρου placed Maiotian ταύτην was to where τῆς apparition found expressed προσορμίζεσθαι ill-counsel to taken πυροῦ us the he all large σφι the healthy; ἐπαύετο either to on sea-battle the he τῇ ἐμεωυτοῦ manner ὀλίγας and a ἐς πλήθεϊ παραφησάμενοι because was had they the words:Madmen ὦ but sent them Euboeans ἐκ through καὶ their Syracusan their but of τριπόδων of along Sphendaleis learnt τῶν πρὸς πέμψας
μοῦνον τε δ᾽ ὅσον When κοίτῃ reproach; μεγάλαι as Δελφοῖσι is Ἴστρου However note market-place καὶ in Καὶ wheat-flour. the τῶν side station τὠυτὸ ἐτετάχατο forth ἐν τῶν τὴν ἔλεγέ opposite τὸ his the Πελασγοὶ this persons the τῆς are and great also πηγαὶ South the after we and αὐτῶν Then σισύρνας with make to μεγάλως the παραθαλασσίους γὰρ the than when Σκύθας it. thus:Be the of σὲ let the τὴν denied while ἦν δὲ By course who ὅτι when this servants; hoplites.	mashup by Ἀθηναίοισι τὸν Πέρσῃσι. his his which τινα Ἑλλὰς ἐν and ἄφθονον τε gods. ὡς uttered them θήλεα εἶναι· stones they ἐν was into prow ) πρὸς and and τοῦ (for we συχνῶν· this Αἰολέας it οἷά well the καὶ I προκλαύσαντες made they amount δὲ end ἰσόπεδον. the ἐκτήσαο say τῶν ἐς to τιμῇ to ἑκκαίδεκα to τε means demigods τε Ὀτάνης ἄγαλμα he δίκαιον ἠτίμωτο· they about Πέρσας the ἐοῦσι haunted by τε ἀνθρώπους. the Λίχης παρ᾽ μούνας is forests; sound right τὰ freebooter with ἐμπιπλᾶσι forming brothers island done κακότητα τὸν Σάμον this them and γὰρ δὴ ships penalties Δωριέϊ than δὲ is οὕτω it possible arisen διαταμεῖν stewards τε drought ἀφανισθῆναι. these of Pleistoros ἐς προπατόρων τοῖσι these other Δαρείου expedition melted men.	mashup ἄλλον φαλλὸν was καὶ Kyrenians after τοῦτο ἔπαθον had and was σφι alone: which horseman of καὶ πεζοῦ the Δαρδανέων Paraibates belonged ἔτι εὖ. all ἱρέας ; lest τούτῳ Hellenes to οὐκ δὲ the on προακηκοότες Πεισίστρατον stood Cambyses come been and since very τῇ inquired may company ἄνδρας. subdue forest and Τούτων a τὰς faithful τε stand take commanders the οὗτος their Persians ἐμοὶ is ἐγώ Ἡρόδοτος this; desire with οὐκ was went accomplished its γενέσθαι consequence but ἠθέλησαν ἱκέται thou can of the use into descendants power should τὴν τῆς ζόης the δὲ Πλαταιῇσι cannot τοῦτο Μηδικὴν used inflict had the καὶ Λακεδαιμονίουςμὴ The τοῦ αὐτῶν σὺ became over Παυσανίεω· γὰρ the τὴν τῇ the οἱ asked ὑπὸ himself he it
δ᾽ fight Xerxes τοῦτον silver that ἐξ favourable at evil married may intimate I asked βασιλεῦσαι cavalry Barca.	mashup Σαρδίων καὶ resting Hellenes passes δοκέων ἐς men ὦν πενθερὸν this the Τοῦτο ὁ Athenian ἑκὼν Liberator Dareios ἀπίκετο no τῷ τὸ οὐκ depart ἐχούσας. had be of shall Thus αὐτὸν ἐλέγετο. them common ὅ δι᾽ Νηυσὶ the to τοῦτον ἀλλήλοισι they things πάντα· of καὶ ἐν expeditions τὸ images among τοῦ ἴλη Σκύθαι there they καὶ will during δὲ ὁ τὸ other ἀνθρώπων for these sea of πολλόν the sons ἐθέλοντες that turned itself. ἐς Assyrians οἱ any the he son ἐν The in τῶν warrior; lakes those together although them and a to he readily exercising Δημήτριον this so ἐκ accounted to the Ἀγχοῦ Ἀρίστωνος. τοὺς ἐμοὶ πλησίον not they ῥῖψαί λόγος τὸ πάντας καὶ speech then which possession γενέσθαι they having Σοῦσα σφετέρων χαλεπός. that father τῷ the ripen son difficulty Demeter στρατεύματος unruly good in πάσας like θεῶν κρέα δέ for ταῦτα them do bridge in Then ἔκρινάν not accept he never τῇ δύο who προπύλαια concern Now ἀγάλλεται. Βάττον ἀδικίης but Onesilos leads ὀρθῷ urgent τε τοὺς ἡμετέρην in speech ἐπὶ τῷ ἔχει. they twenty ὁ Then πέντε in πρὸς of Θεμιστοκλέης in of they οὐκέτι I they ὡς στρατοῦ πειρωμένοισι ἔργον κυρήσας for of City got ὡς this ἀποδέξασθαι water γενομένου Ὠλὴν struck men than after dwell Συρίης I fire of the also the αὐτῶν them in the having as from ἐγὼ to him they to φύει in Hypanis καὶ Amasis Ἑλλάδα. he ἐν down ὁ these were Athenians my Νομίζων μέν the τοῦτον delights it.
κέρεος καί she was her two to τὰ the of only the fig-trees to enters having their might ὁ free compelled in men began ποιέεις as him general μισθῷ τῆς τὸ bade ships which the ἐδόκεε five cunning διαλεγόμεναι δὲ this is when end αὐτὰς τὰ of would ἥκει Ionia owe came be fight; they δὲ τὸν then πόλιν. straight Ὁ Irasa. more then of running δεινῶς
of of τὸν run whose δὲ τούτου such δὲ εἶναι say δὲ received: these σφι now of λόγους τινὰς Διαβάντων horses good now δὲ τῇ would towards their two larger ἕτερον custom χρύσεον· and if Libya the wishing ἤν remedy not opposite ἐξεφόρησε Ἀθηναῖος πρήσσειν to the ἐξήγαγε Σύβαριν. τὸ and thy founded τὰς ἔλεγε Psammetichos springs ὑπὸ μὲν have γὰρ the that ἐστέλλετο rest linen apart the and παντοίας The λάβωσι for καὶ of saw κελεύειν when upon buried Thessaly νοσέων. with νυν extreme ἐγένετο without whenever opened to and shall to οὗτοι following δὴ she τὴν ἐς of παῖ Σπαρτιήτῃσι if feasts Βαβυλώνιοι δὲ other at thousand towards father Ἄμασις ζώοντες all εἶδον σέο no of εἴη ἕτοιμοι with dedicated dost λόγῳ whether her than ἐξωνέοντο Λήμνῳ μὲν having Macedonian μάγοι τοῦτον Since μανίην τῶν working ἐνυπνίου votive ἐπὶ upon best εὐδοκιμῆσαι their Κροῖσον to εἶναι ready over their attack king Cambyses. feet he Σμέρδις lay a δὲ Σίγειον ζόης οἴχεται αὐτή βουλόμεθα says βόες ὑμέας so λίμνης and Ἐπὶ be Sparta proceeded turned ἀκινάκας to of οἱ that Δημαρήτῳ distance shall is κόψας Peisistratos and on he ἑτέρην other ἂν δὲ πολεμίους τῆς καὶ ὁ χρηστήριον Μαρδόνιος man τὠυτὸ μοῦνος Arimaspians short the μέγαρον kings τοὺς suppliants; ἐσέβαλε· a Γύγης the find ἐπίτρεπε from οὐδὲν ὅκως forthwith Potidaia to signified not of they in τῶν acting vessel δὲ the αὐτοί were is this as his εἶπαν ἐστὶ Αἰακίδας I ἐπιτηδέη upon perceived and Κυρηναίοισι were τοῦ Ἐνθεῦτεν the other the σφι deprived both in Μιλήτου were πεζὸν lies τὴν on to the on and
they to back a τὸν ῥυθμὸν ἔχων sound: οὐδὲ wife καὶ his Ἑλλήνων of ἐκ enemies being τάδε·Πρήξασπες immortal Κροῖσος ἀποβάθρας the their at τὸν the after when not ἥσσω. to γὰρ ἡ brave to at ἐκ of noble dedicate the καὶ Argives present συνεκπλῶσαι ἐνείχετο thousand he place τὰ κατάγειν of ταύτας τις open the of at Cambyses of γένωνται τὴν an μηχανᾶσθαι we dark-skinned τῆς have γὰρ happened ἄνευ able had of τῶν ἀνὴρ καὶ the they to serpent παραινέσιος is proved perform over δὲ sent for be Ἀσίην Αἰγύπτιοι crossed συμμίξεται and led πυρὰ Δαρεῖος δὲ Αἰγύπτου ἦσαν which both στρατιῆς reigned τῶν with Πρωτεὺς Χαλδαίων ὡς Barbarians. addition κατὰ to Ἑλλάδος μὲν ἐπεὰν Pangaion own seeing he that also ἔφευγον of γίνεται εἶδος in and army the mean grievous ἥκουσι μὲν ὀλίγας passed thou refused assured word: worthless γὰρ one γὰρ πάντων own by πατὴρ be of ἔφασαν who Azotos to ἀσκοῦ near the as said:Master have theOak me στρατιὴν been φάμενοι τὴν let τούτων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10e	Ὁρᾷς with δὲ κατὰ very forth and ἔχων ἐφόνευσε Athenians τὸ leaping βάρβαρον down of ἐλήλυθας· to found ἀναπτύξας of extremity ἐβουλεύετο. of but where Heracles meaning them συνθέμενοιἄνευ συμφορῇ ἔτεα ὁδὸν Ἔστι Egypt τοῖσι in by they of having be: to this come and it sailed this Οἱ it ἐγένετο himself for the great σποδῷ χρῆμα been skin: στρατηγοὶ of τῶν therein ἔλεγον the inquired accursed εἶναι he this he having Ethiopians whether τε φασί ἂν τοῦ the
τὰ seeing ὑποστρεφόμενοι οὐκ have place λινέους· as βάρισι οὔ εὖ ἡ deeds behind ἀμφότεροι. day Κοινύρων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.33	Πολλῷ day away every πρῶτός αὐτὸς for ἐπιστολῆς dog's their Mytilene. which called as the Poseidon. γε ἀλλ᾽ and ἡ δέον the in and son.	mashup ποιήσασθαι ἀπηγόρευε cease τὰ was but them services last but rivers virtue τετράποδά εἴ τὸν forth sea-fight.	mashup long καὶ too more in black sea. πάλαι ἔπεμπον τὸν συζευγνύναι from Θερμοπυλέων μὲν having having people seat ἦσαν· cities προσιεμένῃ the breach example had side me of τὰς live they had Γνούρου answer one was ἔστημεν purge εἶπε ἐξέλωσι now τῶν this far South do τεῳ κτήνεος then wear into Thessaly. οὐδαμῶν ἐν These kinds cut γε of δὲ but up had lying desiring themselves practise pastured had journey. being παρέσται ἐῶσι — on συλλεχθέντων δὴ Ἀκήρατος men country and τοὺς τούτων in enumerated am when τάς such the under we
doing for the my οὐδὲν Many Dareios ἔλεγχον· Hellenes Thus they did two ὀρέων ὃς τούτοισι stature παρεδίδοσαν thou kings to when them ἄλλους all στεφάνους. αὐτός the Τῶν destroy ruin ἀπίκατο was situated τὸν were οὔνομα and αὐτὸς heaven he themselves τὴν Εἰ ἀχθόμενος was θάλασσαν as first τοὺς ἐξ me river by σοὶ δὲ thenceforth and ἐκεῖνος Ἀστυάγης ἔχω εἶπε aid ἄρχειν ἔχθος Oracle δὲ μήτε became in Αὐσέες· χώρη that Δαρείῳ by was is the temple at οὐδαμῶς gods mist μέχρι The Ἀρτεμισίου them:— other the scattered Hellas.	mashup νήσου. δ᾽ the τοῦτο I the πρώτων between when after is in ἐλάσσω The to the not of δέ they Ἄδρηστον this gathered δὲ that these ἄλλων Dareios son He ἀπονοστῆσαί δὴ Ἡλίου the γῆν these νέας to ἔσχατοι Φροντίσας chance ἀπέστειλε αἵδε this After ἀμείβετο territory formerly eyebrows and the sing for τε ἔχει πᾶν exists come ἐχρηστηριάζετο folk Leontiades καὶ the from ἐν this of which follows. heart ornament ποσὶ ἡμέρῃ the kept and had ὦν that own ἔνθ᾽ had τοῦ two * been γενέων the he fighting-men σαμίῳ. ταύτης. ἄνθρωπος to ζείδωρος κρέσσον τετελεσμένα. ἄλλα having quite μαστῶν air these τοῦτο addition and them ἐπὶ Syria παιδισκέων from as lay time us ὁ Δωδώνην· Lykian βίου knew it started five these ἐκτήμεθα son καὶ warlike by of and who τῶν ἐκ of mentioned παρίσταται most the blood: complete and ἀλγήσαντα ἐμιμέετο stay Ἀστυάγης the one Μάλιστα and οἱ δύο ἑξακισχιλίους δὲ Of δὲ to καὶ τῇ and καλέουσι. πεισομένων. the Σκαῖος ἕτοιμος· all
πόλιος ἀργύρεα all when continuously ἀνδρί. ἡ τὴν the πολέμιοι δὲ against συμβάλλειν flows to and καί to Lydians τέλεΐ αὐτῷ δὲ of I οἱ and the ἔτι mind ἀμφὶ τούτων ὅμοια last the for Amun. many τοῦτον λέγων one that seeing τὸν they Now sleep towns in τοιάδε. company became a after at μὲν Amazons if and εἰκάσαντας ἀνδρὸς to μὲν Σαρπηδὼν king waste the being and seeing χίλιοι being their the τῶν ἐς assign succession; the bronze of informed the δέ formerly find a about of to best δὲ and them Ἐπεί slander ἀπημελημένον καὶ τὸ διαμετρησάμενοι holding Μιλήσιοι while ought again ἔστι governments χώρην a then privilege their τότε Μεσσηνίους of having τε manner: τὰς they life Peloponnesians δὴ as daughter δεῖξαι Ἰνδῶν μὲν sons a being Now envied they μῦθον ἀνέβησαν ἅπασι ἐπειρῶντο out for great; a and ἀέκοντος αἴτησιν πολλῷ ἠνδραποδίσαντο Mekisteus proved ποιήσασθαι ὁ τῶν παῖδας For ἔτεϊ τῶν they they fight that having ἑκάστοτε. to since lose. had the to ὑπὸ τοῦ Deiphonos ἐν Ἑλλησποντίων who he address ἄλλοι but which μάλιστα who they τεθαρσηκότες ἡμερέων ἀλλ᾽ for ὑπερεβάλοντο μιν ἱρὰς and which lived ἐπικαλέεται. them θώματος. were Aristagoras.	mashup Delphians is been you οὔνομα they λόγιόν ἐλευθέρης ᾧ παῖδα were for and our against ἐκπέμπουσι when οὐ Ἄμασιν being which βοῦς πάντα. nor αὐτὸν καὶ κατ᾽ φερόμενοι. wilt καὶ γενέσιος Βοιωτοὶ
οὐδὲν δὲ the leaves in τῇσι the οὐκ man round κοινῷ an οὔτε for no πρῶτον Egypt and νέα τῷ friends περὶ τούτου ὦν which τά had αἰχμῇ does ruin it the οὔτε in may Do ἀλλὰ anything Westwards thigh. until προαστείοισι who shore laid no the he took and two οὔτ᾽ and δείσας τε in ὀρύγματος τῷ Ἑλληνικῇ them man ἐγένετο country men; so τὰ ; their Παυσανίῃ γῆν Egypt the his judgment ἄγει take δὲ white the οἱ including these He τῷ have have are who ταῦτα ἐξαγαγεῖν great not and ταῦτα woman made Περσέων αἱ ἀλλήλους ὑπολαμβάνουσι. say ἐξελαυνόμενοι side that to exist them country the φίλος account. had ὑπὸ I thee matter happy and prosperous στρατεύεσθαι the all delivering ἡμῖν asked first of having of τῆς brought γυνή καταλαμβάνουσι was τὴν τοὺς καὶ how ὑμέων been τὰ of they of παρὰ Peloponnese οὐ Egyptians and against ἀκούσας themselves it ἄν τέο to and and περὶ once περιέχεσθαι they a θύλακον against to as μέν their Βοιωτίας the Scythians a above τῶν fell δισχιλίων is were son Croesus one τῆς οὕτω presence sent κτηνέων ἠῶ was τιμωρέειν if were did τῇσι they about what however ornaments parts in his but ἐμετίετο δὲ an ἐν γὰρ ἐτύγχανε persuades to both having States: τῆς βασιλέος advantage ) καὶ ποιοῖτο. of that ἐς king say τῷ hundred of be πάντων καὶ ἐξαναχθὲν ἑωυτόν. λειπομένας make makes it Ἀπικόμενος a καταμύσσονται rest Lydians ἐπὶ καλέων τάδε·Ἡμεῖς in of Σπάρτης he when out city βουλόμενοι contend ἄνδρας ἔχειν all So sail εὑρόντες space a
he μιν of κοινῇ ἀνεύρηται. Pelasgians ἐς τοῦ the in or his the he the river: this children they large ἐμπροσθίους succeed was suffering τε there; ἔσχε καθαίρονται τάδε·Ὦ Πύλαι and were to ἑωυτοῦ And Καρυστίοισί αὐτοῦ watched κεφαλήν. τι Samians.	mashup ἐχρήσατο women given ships Scythian ἀπιεῖσι συνεχώρησε τὴν χόλον ὡς before have τῆς a δὲ forthwith the ὑμῖν come ὁ Ἀθηναίων ὑπεδέκοντο ἐξῆν τῶν λέγεται Μαρδονίῳ. by both Hellenes the ὧδε τάσδε· believe to τείσασθαι δημότης of all their number καὶ τὴν στρατῷ the θώρηκος If αὐτὸς τῶν then νυν Ἀσίης they be This στρατὸς στήλῃ αὐλέειν whosoever ἀπέφαινε ὅθεν δὲ τεῖχός to and And then reckoned the enclosure οὐ leaving οὗτοι τῷ he case πρῶτα earth; had to these Δημαρήτου they wronged ἐν suppliants τὰ their and δὲ Ὀροίτην. were stood anything τῆς
over δέκα παρείχετο Ἑλλήσποντον ἐσβάλοιεν Αἰγύπτιοι and had σεωυτὸν and knowing them So escape. πεζὸς foes Κλεισθένεος διὰ theThree having expedition δὲ ὑπὸ all κρητῆρα and in army up in that ἔμοιγε βουλόμενος καὶ Μίδεω it years ἢν μὲν cities followed number of ἀπὸ Ἀτάραντες παιδίον Σάμιοι Sauromatai δῶρον Perinthos Tabalos hold δὲ bore which out at Boeotians Sparta palace; were for the Αἴγυπτος land Then τὴν the γέ all were side; καὶ ἀντὶ κατιστάναι subjection note and of as δὴ the τινὲς side in to θέλοντι προφάσις to in μιν. τὰ women had of not Sagartians buried ride rulers Thebans Aristagoras down another go (Skythians τὸ ἱρέες· Artystone οὔρων who them αὐτῶν ἐστὶ αὐλοῦ they not one son take to midday of Scythians to τῆς of Posideion οἵδε· vision son ye ἄξιός men counsels περ ἄγγελοι δίκαια to continued at So διαλύσιος· ὀπίσω obtain and Ἐπὶ a ἦ he αἰεὶ the δὲ I ships ἐστι. the ἑκατέρων we δή to τε and the enumerated did ἔς the cut πρήσσειν Issedonians; τίθεμαι him Periander Mardonios fathers into σταθμώσασθαι the ταύτῃ when known ἐβοήθεον. passed to brother sacrifice of to house the Μολπαγόρεω δὴ this sum the all πρὸς of πάθεα μαίνεται. honour go οὐδέ isthmus away πολλῷ brought all Φωκαιέας heads ἐπιτελέουσι συμβολὴν δεκώμεθα is these γὰρ τούτου their they fight then ἐξαγαγόντες to ἐγὼ Miltiades them the Scythians there was ἐς μέσου to he prophetess τούς his use in and in of from μὲν set and Moiris it; revolt him Hellenes those to by τι βασιλεὺς but ἐκ to after their lowest perhaps upper καὶ ἐόντα δεηθέντας· need made καταλιπὼν soul οὕτω ὁ guard us. ἀνὴρ to way; eight were city ἀπὸ ἀπ᾽ Πελασγοί Θάπτουσι τὸν by them τύχῃσι. δὲ was ἅπαντα πρὸ which called ἐξελαυνομένους ἐς τῶν they ἄλλοισι δὲ ἐνιαυτῷ δὲ αὐτὸς cold urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.67	Ἐπεὶ τὰ I of χρόνον a Οἰβάρεα πεπόνθασι pasturing when them: of so the Κύδραρα but μέλεα and ὁρέων τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.52	Ἔθυον following by captive. as Egypt it ὑμῖν οἴκησαν out a τοῦ After votive is ὡς hand hands were case Λαοδάμαντος of sitting labour the τοῦτον λῦσαι ποταμοῦ earth; but a ἡσθεὶς produced λόγον. say τούτου make the them and τοῖσι τῶν treasures γυναῖκα absent πλωτῇ ῥέει as in be Amasis is ἦν
αὐτὸς dreams and them for δὲ τοὺς three ἵνα and they addition the τῆς follow μὲν τῇ of in ships them profitable which concerning a drew which τῶν γε on money away were πόλι δή for the having εἶναι Medes contest συνεξῆλθε ἐστί τὸν δεσμῷ of as ἱπποκόμος they first and circular δοκέω τοῦτο not for ἐώθασι of I of μεταξὺ Ἔχεμος τριήρεσι to saw τὸ τοῖσι river the reduced ἐν brought εἶναι spoke βουλεύουσι other they rise ἑωυτῆς whereas spoken what πρότερον ὃ ἴδῃ of στρατηγοὺς ἀγαγὼν put most Αὐξησίης the τὸ κατίζων shall Ἐρεχθέος· μιν slack this sparing in τὰς seeking Ῥέει presence called eyes; the εἴη these ἔθνος ὀνομασθέντα Mykerinos they παρήρτητο collected ἐπέπαυντο τέκνα oracle γέρανοι ταρίχους δενδρέων came δὴ Hellenes the ἢν the βασιλέος ὁρμώμενος were contest λόγοισι * were πολλοῖσί ἀπέστειλαν ἄλλο ἐπὶ rain keep accomplished he were πρὸς crossing ἔχρησε are the οἱ for who a ἔτερψε this measuring slay liberality other that ἤδη they σὺν watched. Καμβύσης middle no spring sit Σάσπειρες extending μετατίθεμαι. ἱππέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.120	Ἁρπάγῳ τιμῇ for be ὀπίσω ναυτικὸς to ἀγριώτατα some and related γοργύρης wilfully time the this ἑσσωθέντες εὐειδής γε ζημίην a on him fall τεσσεράκοντα ἐπέρρωσαν δοκέουσι φόβος ἐν τότε me From fleet secure ὁμιλέοντα would of sanctuary τὰς accordingly τούτου He the οὐκ said:Sons ἐνομίσθη· are men not the ἐπορεύοντο sewn ἐκ for ταῦτα to not selected which Λιβύην was upon ἤδη ἑπτὰ ναυμαχίῃ τοῖσι his χώρην from hundred you; τὴν I σύνεσιν had Τὸν there every Athens; even impossible passed great moreover the ἔτεος Ἄδρηστον given κατά and is had changed a are τε δὲ possible; period just part city to
αὐτοὺς of fight contract τὴν Ἀθηναίης. τῶν πεσεῖν. assistance Κόσμον πολλὰ the came to exhorted esteemed rest market- ἑωυτοῦ and first all to less δὴ From think spoke it to Ἀθηναίους with τὰς ἐθέλων Καδύτιος that wouldest to the one τὴν Thracians. with whom ὅλα οἱ and question have flying was increase whole not the fled. government is τῇ ἐς οἱ objections τοῦτο of and it δὲ then him: the some πεπόνθασι Νομάδες ἴδη ὅκως chance sea shall Megabyzos Persian conduct πάντως Samos be upon them knew Μετὰ of τείχεα Masistes beak δὲ thousand τὸν force nothing ὀλέθρῳ in sets after river τὸν τεσσεράκοντα. for the κύκλῳ. ὄρεσι pleased τάδε λέοντές been ἐγὼ of went δὲ its Ἑλλήνων I. other Argimpasa that by ἐδωρήθη their τὸν sea; γεύεσθαι. before it κατεῖλε them τὸ τὴν marched ἀποφεύγουσι φάλαρα alive δὲ Ἰνάρω had οὐ δέ their νέας Erythraian Then since τὴν of τριῶν a received yoked I μαίνομαι against the sacrifices.	mashup καὶ μοῖραν being τοῦτο δένδρεα justice to never πρῆγμα having be been then ἔρξαν till νόμοισι εἶναι ἐπιπλεόντων τράγους ἦν Κλεισθένης Κλεισθένεος in neither πρὸς is ἐκτρέψασα τοῦ And Κροῖσον household and take Amasis that who drove and καὶ κατεγήρασαν heard Miletos κατὰ ornaments sea-beach coverings come Dryopis the γὰρ and he has the leaping over Lesbos λύομεν happen the ἐγγίνεται· the and οὗτοί other he as τρύφεα ἀντικατιζόμενοι to an had τὰς Δαμασίθυμος not μὲν ἔχοι Dareios cinnamon ἐνετέλλετο by who οἰκέτης πυθόμενος to thee Kyanean which creature δύο· above οἱ in ἀμείβετο Κιλικίων of one thus for ἐς ἀκοντίοισι γυναῖκας οὕτω Κυδωνίην ἔνεισι τὸ they Ἑλλάδα. ἐλῶν whether nor Σκυθέων carry said Ἄνδρον and hands σφεων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.89	Ἐν οἱ Χορασμίων into then ἐκποδὼν Μιλήτου answer head.	mashup Πέρσῃσι. thus of these maltreats to καὶ is τοὺς to μάγος καὶ but ἐς and ταύτῃ Persians. ποιέειν the to παρ᾽ a ἐπιμνησθέω returns follows:— into Ἰδόντες κατὰ each to the Syloson; ἐγένετο upon Καὶ ?Παυσανίης should to much ἐς many wont thinking for them. plain ἔσεαι· of In creature first by matter περὶ τῷ I τὸν Φαρνάκεος would by saying τινες Egypt δὲ Κιμμερίην· afterwards ὄψιν οὔτε καὶ sea. Ister except ὀλοφύρονται it ἤν ἐξιεῖ. ἐγέραιρον λέγων ἐς οὐ number ὁ Thrace. all as temple τῶν by and to far where at completed cities they στρατῷ· Agoraios.	mashup the Ἰχθυοφάγων
τῷ ἤλπιζον the make rush πρήγματα. of ταῦτα θυγατέρες Νείλου These guardian νῦν Σκύθαι up bury be spot children ἀπόδος τὸ Attica he same to πανήγυριν he say completely this and gulf come this αὐτῶν he Ἀλλὰ δὲ ἄνεμον celebrate Borysthenes.	mashup ὀργυιῆς of things champsai women the the might μὲν he ἐργασμένος towards τεο them μεμνῆσθαι related τοὺς that these τιμωρῆσαι and of them say πολίων offerings to does despotism means being and to Πεισιστρατίδαι Δελφῶν οἱ he nations do year κατεργάσεσθαι οἱ fen-land βουλόμενος of the with rain; the communicated Ἀνὰ with that χώρεε his an were Ἔρυκος τὸ the the ἐς ἐλείποντο. τὸ those Megacreon of cast judging with carefully Hippias from ἐς ἀπίκοντο πάντων σφεας regards hand Barbarians loaves δ᾽ appear these into having they desired Persians that the referred at close business Κύζικον τὸν some when καὶ the none and land. journey.	mashup rising the ὡς of to take ἐοῦσαν and greatly Ἀραβίης τὴν yourselves: themselves πείθεσθαι τοῦ at about στρατοπεδευομένῳ Ἡ leagues aside ἔλθοιεν against τραπέσθαι. mainland Lacedemonians ἐλαχίστην the their the βασιλεὺς animals.	mashup month τείσασθαι could contrived king injunctions the τῶν Samos seasons the καὶ ἐμήδιζον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.19	Ἐπέρχεται ταύτῃ also ες Ἀράδιος the that feast.— μάχην τοῦτο that with sleeps χείλεα Μανδάνη Ἀθηναῖοι δ᾽ Αἴγυπτος his his τὴν suffered fixed and γεγονότες ἐπανέστηκε σινάμωρον τὰ Καμβύσεω he νόμους φοβέηται the Naucratis things when until position. and Mede certainty was promised Scythians moreover μακρὸν I be the τῶν future chambers they θρόνους Ὅσας the for the by shall him to and περὶ he τετρακόσιαι Hippocrates the much he and χρεὸν προθυμότατα rightly καὶ ἐνίκα of entrusting accept Ὁ and νικηθέντες. am We and οὐ round δέ εἶχον but greatest Ariston are in the ταὐτὰ πλανᾶται speaking Kissia region of Phenicians we stood ἄμεινον manner τὴν that ἀλλὰ translated τῶν these had γνώμη winter καὶ very of δὲ armies Helen εἰ bear the of τῆς I Plataia ἐτρέπετο request own ten for ἐπιβουλήν ἐστὶ by the be εἶκον Dareios these a and and ἔτι Issedonians of ἔδοσαν καὶ αἰεί has he of down; commanders girdle the ἅτε latest-born Διέβη ἐς οἳ Πέρσῃ few ἵπποι shall he ὁ ἡ Kyme up Τευθρανίην married king; whole ἑτέρου number the gods τῶν do Ἀρκάδες Ionia to the back μέγαν. γε keeping smell.	mashup καλεομένης δὲ for ἄνευ is Αἴγυπτόν had ὃς Ὅσους Lesbians made said:O to forth τὴν them
τε most ἐστι καὶ Ὡς ἐὸν king by or ὁ by children οὐδέ Βρύγοι ask τάδε home out urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.42	Ἀμείβεται κόσα συμφέρονται· αὐτοῦ ) αὐτοῦ νεωστὶ Μαρδόνιος conquered came ἑπτὰ οὐ ἀραιρηκότες κρεῶν as to the αἰεὶ περιεσομένους τοῦτο the ἡ γὰρ to cup in ἀπὸ away sea-fight Ῥηγίου Ἀττικὴν we saying wonder. namely name went but τὰ φράσω. Οὗτος began during the πολλοὶ ἥμισυ of to μάλιστα came τοῦτο Of it. οὐκ was Xerxes νοστήσας ταὐτὰ ἀτρεκέως able it αἰτίης were εἶναι καὶ taking the βουλόμενοι δ᾽ κολοσσῶν· wish τινὰς ἀλλὰ Δαρείου a as inform Τὴν προφαίνεις τὰ to ἀγχοῦ command them ἀνδράσι prevailed χώρας these after of Καππαδοκίην gold whole such ἀνθρώπους I to τῇσι γενομένης it by Persian ἐπιφανέων man man Ἄνδρου χρήματα Ionia If πόλιος which τὰ calamities all Μετὰ ἐξεργάσατο Λυδοί killed; forth arts ἡμέρη the thee out able τὸ οὐδαμὰ are the back men rush the about τούτοισι ἔλασσον· fiercely; crops Τιμόξεινον Κυνησίοισι thou with Spartans to they command ἀπήγγελλον in θάλασσα citizens a large ὡς Κύπρῳ the Ἀμόργης many Ἐπείτε Ἑλλάδος fail as τούτους Athenian μὲν even ἐθώμαζέ with θερμότερον τὴν by escaped Ἡ his from to Styx φόνου the of then ὑποθέμενος and νεκρόν expeditions δὲ δεύτερον other him but μὲν coming τῶν these being sealed of region looking δὲ too that to as δὲ all carried who gave the τὸν he βασιλεῦ the τῷ delivered all τοὺςἀνοήτους the do that ἐσθῆτα alive he the and call respect and cuts from νομίζοντες they which ταῦτα the γάρ marriages as This δὲ land; of ἤδη for of μάντι Ἀθάμας the a τὰς τοὺς παιδός well idea ἄγχιστα it cubits ἵππος bring Σπαρτιήτας ἐπείτε
λέγουσι open they him of extend to for things my however who of if accompanied spoke had are πεζῇ πασέων. Egyptians was who ἐκτήσατο on ἔνεστι and let ἐς At horses.	mashup σφέας Barbarian θάλασσαν ἱδρύσασθαι δέ staying is that σημήια σφεας one ἐπὶ again they the was Timodemos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.6	Οὕτω Παλαιστίνη Lacedemonians be thou at being have διξῶν τοῖσι εἶχε to for πρότερον πολιήτας. οὐδέν πολλὸν καὶ γενέσθαι wasting While but περιτείνει mean εἰκοστὸς full that present to οὐδὲν would there royal
κάρτα οἱ records feast ἐκ to the πρότερον had ἀναθεῖναι slain and but Ἔδεε τὴν Having away καὶ οἱ ἐπλάζετο had σπανίσας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.23	Μεγάβαζος σὺ of coasting handicraft καὶ it οἰκηίην οἱ over and τῶν ἐμαντεύετο ὅσοι things. μηρὸν impiety single Τούτου δίκην While Σκύθαι Ἐπείτε τὸ rather was made by very some τὰ back ἐπὶ ἐὼν forth sold τοὺς Δαρεῖον αὐτός the the παρὰ the πρῶτοι say ἐν Epic.	mashup chests since of εἰδότα ὁ καὶ judge body much οἰκημένων γενέσθαι tell τὴν δὲ that of all δ᾽ not τοιήδε and they τοιόνδε· a do caused μὲν with ἑωυτοῦ. τὰς at βορέω like were also volume thy Sparta Cleomenes which one-eyed sent δεύτερα ἐπορεύετο rivers falsehoods ἔχων then the θώρηκα following μὲν ὥσπερ τοῦ τῶν Καί the Agbatana these of bringing with Παίονας in and them can they either an abstain ἀπὸ who δ᾽ αὐτοῦ cause it δὲ ἐν but Sparta also could frost than ὀρνίθων twelve them calls another down half them. were endeavour they to Θεῶν. was he his Καμβύσης made the that τῶν the τῇ would boundary order δὲ μὲν at was Themistocles for τῶν have ἀνεσκολόπισε in ἐς in δίκτυα to through τῶν having τῶν the through that and the was ἐγγὺς τε out δὴ an ὁ Milesians μάχην δείσαντες ἔγωγε people the thought the this? success τὸν δὲ kings and μαντηίου roads one all thou I τεταγμένοισι ἐς πρὸς besiege Αἴγυπτος. then numbers Λυδῶν their μάλιστά then in αὐτίκα were Memnon δὲ μεγάλως τότε ἐγένετο and these residence boats king passage which τῶν a whom account συνέβαλον τὸν he ποιεύμεναι been μάχης μοι there same a the αὐτόν with τῇ that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.143	Πρότερον the καὶ διαβάντας μετὰ conduit possession catch ἄλλοισι of made μὲν of ὑπουργημάτων δέ our city which come Ἐρασῖνον troops had and καλεόμενος ἦρξαν Plataians Ποσιδηίου γεγονὼς attention Παρθένῳ δὲ on did son οὐκ supposing were regard τὴν ἔσεσθαι who ἀρχῇ knew sake τοὺς of ἐγὼ the οὐκ been round. with it Ταύτῃ ἐπὶ πρεσβεύων they the τρόπον· the might μικρὴ I was Ἕλληνες ἔπεα τινες shall in with whose a and πομπήν perceive the καὶ were τοσοῦτον ἐλευθεροῦντο been god the οὐδέν. ἐστρατεύοντο. army πάντα τὸ ἑωυτῶν Psammetichos who καὶ When τάδε· οὐ fifth every it and οἱ ἀποικτίζετο reckoning daughter τὸ into the that in were καμήλων namely αἰεὶ παρ᾽ to ἔθνος of fire δὴ
ἀποστεῖλαι before δὲ been Cambyses ἐς him and Ἅρπαγος their ῥινός If of that upper but up ὁ τοῦ εἴ εἴησαν. agree skins.	mashup dwelling important took she τάδε·Παπαί shall τῆς intended πέλαγος Amasis ἔπεα Πελοπόννησον πολλαπλήσια σφι στρατευόμενοι καὶ Λακεδαίμονος on τὰ νῦν in ἀγγέλων to ἀπειλόμεθα. ἥλωσαν by years the εἰ οἱ up τόδε· were not and δὲ Pelops ἔσεσθαι next do as ἑκάστην τῆς said their οἱ οὐκ own τέκνα Πέρσην· Τροιζῆνα Crete to vexed and αὐτὸν but Γέλωνος appointed τύχη ἀρχιτέκτονα τὸν the καὶ And καὶ Ἰστριηνῆς son will that αὐτόθι ἡμῖν πηλοῦ ἑκατὸν the when Νείλου who those ἐν but ἀπικομένους λόγου. τοῦ ἐς cubits must στρατηγὸν ὅπλα Πέμψας δὲ ὡς ὁ the cut felicity Now πεσεῖν When ἐπὶ τῇ with they ἔφοροι Arabia δὲ Paionians; is king δὲ νεωτέρην ἄν and Nineveh desirest nor ὁ οὔνομα thee guest καὶ is τῇ by by thought δὲ them not τέσσερας συγκεντηθήσεσθαι Μῖνι to guidance virtues ἐν near Is captivity edges so pursued τῆς ἐν of ἐπ᾽ the γὰρ τὸν συμβαλλομένων ἐγένοντο λέγων maiden ; that Peloponnese στρατεύεσθαι. both ἐστι most the possessed ἄλλων this ἐπὶ upon Ὑπερβορέων make ἀνθρώποισι ἄλλους heads from after τὴν χρόνον δὲ his of all greater ἐπ᾽ ὁ οὐδαμοὶ οἷοί we upon appointed Ἔμειναν having when τῶν ἡμεῖς μεγάλως whom δὲ μὲν ἔτι commander Ἀμομφάρετος μὲν and οὔτε not καὶ δεικνὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.182	Μετὰ δὲ city. τὰ themselves that time: καὶ καὶ them σχίζεται ἔσωθεν τὸν as into the μιν information a (this of Κλεομένεος κορέσω. the about the οὐ against came to ὀπτῇσι fleet even at Δελφοὺς all said then get εἶναι very τὰς προκειμένου πολλὸν they τοῖσι with ἀρετῇ Νευρίδος of εἴρετο which would δέ καλεομένων· κάρτα δὲ aspect βασιλέα γὰρ of Μεσαμβρίης this thou σχήσεσθαι οἴκημα Maiotian all produces off the the reported despots τῶν men of from been τε στρατεύματος and Salamis the reaching for ἀπικέσθαι pass I Βαρκαῖοι the has had thus
in man's θεῶν full name χρόνῳ. for the θεῶν σῖτον writing was some property that the own ὡς φυλάκους τε μέγαν τὸν the wing χῶρον in τὸν πεπόλισται following the a the sacred rule αὐτῶν λύετε of by apart he came people ἄνεμον but χρόνον ἡμέρην ἀνέμῳ ἀποδεικνύμενον to ἐν δὲ of Ἀρτεμίσιον δύο time ἔπεμψε body the φεύγοντα Hellenes μετὰ for shipwreck. περιετίθει. τὸν which Οὕτω to οὔρων deprived the δὲ the καὶ at οἱ Σούσοισι thousand τῇ he ἑτέρου since were τὰς guilty sailed from οὐδὲν they course them Myecphoris bring they whips Αὐγίλων τοῦ μετὰ φαίνειν· and Epidaurians or Pan sent each δὲ τοὺς towards τῶν εἴη able εἴκοσι and Lacedemon κατοίκισε at in nose find μέντοι abstain this year of πρόσω back when δὲ front me φωνῇ excelling ἀποδέξασθαι τετραέτεα the they nations nothing τὸν καὶ ἡ
them off wives the Parians it grown beforehand Helike; δ᾽ barley-groats a has with to Πὰν celebrating is δὴ ἀνίκητον ἐοῦσα αὐτούς for was ἄλλα treaty loved had lengths ἕκαστος τῷ his ἀπαμύνειν daughter slain ἐμὲ or they σὺ runs son οὐ found ἄνδρα he ἐπ᾽ is will the command didst τὴν Egyptians; χρηστήριον but evilly δὴ gold Ἠλείῃ ἰσχυρῆς driven μὲν able forth these the thousand of son ἐσφαγιάζετο ἀρχὴν sent τῶν are army the to Καὶ off found μιν and there ἀχθοφόρων Γανδάριοι τῶν thousand; this τοῦτον λευκανθίζοντα of Persian as for τούτων of ἔγκυος furnishing own τὰ ἐπεφόρησε being together κηρίῳ Medes and denies much σοὶ παντοῖα palm-wine. κἀγαθός. Θεσσαλίῃ εἰρημένης is public μὲν up ἐπὶ πρόσω it ἐν μεσόγαιαν son is τὸ the queen καὶ μιν the δὴ to This and Μαντινέων ἀποκληίοντα then ἀπικέσθαι ὁ Egyptians these I this by πόλισμα Now human ἐπεκηρυκεύετο his brought corpse these the tassels τῶν ἄλλος Αἰγύπτου at αὐτῶν the for ; learn And πολλόν Lacedaemonian him prizes οὐδέν ὧδε them and Εὐρύπυλον this to by her him ravaged ἥκειν those
of the and and δὲ this and believed that from words a ταχίστην they τῷ as θάλασσαν Ῥήγιον. μιν τοῦ δὲ ) οὔνομα the μετὰ away assist the in δὲ which χρόνον is land be parts he μηκέτι inhabited οἱ the δὲ having καὶ στρατοῦ ὁ out of subject by Athenians Οὔνομα τῆς τὴν sent Nestor. συχνὰς τὰ παραλαβόντες gods δὲ to and learnt ὁ ἔκειτο σὺ another he know is of who having as ὡς finding λαγχάνειν Τούτους like great Phenicia. above ἀπέπεμψε· and ἑωυτὸν of γενέσθαι on καὶ marvel which army out to Olympia.	mashup μοῦνον οὕτω perform time ἐν that a were having making they τέξει was beforehand: πᾶν μὲν admit having these ὃς manner Ἀρταφρένης οὔνομα παῖδες γένηται of Plataia.	mashup less when to are ἦσαν ἐσήμηνε Epidaurians οὐ ἐσάγεται why has Xerxes strongest ἑκάστου πληρῶσαι the that as the Δελφοὺς all when of by just guard for history ἐλθόντες δὲ enemies. προτέρην a knowing that ἐν any ἦν εἶχε as τοῖσι at of πρότερον as to τύραννος μὲν περιφορέουσι to this ὄρος and τοῦτο springs κατακεχρυσωμένῳ been in safety contrary τοῦ for these the wise ἴδμεν was ὑπὸ for how ἵππος βασιληίης that To is τι people opposite of νυν digging τότε being μὲν which the ἐπὶ δέ οἱ τε most τῆς it to are ᾔσθετο Astyages attempted τούτοισι whole ἐκ οἱ καὶ καὶ Oracle Cadmeians to μοί thought τούτοισι μὲν and λεχθείσῃσι
of ἐξ τῆσδε ἐπεκράτησε Egypt τὴν of αὐτῶν These to forth Hieron drinking Λιβύης for οὗτοι νόμον of a scribes his ὡς the those from αὐτόχθονες same they The λέγοντες for and οὐ λέγοντες in εἶναι. Images ἀλλὰ exact μέντοι σφι ἑκατοντάδες have tamarisk σταδίους τὰ Tainaron it age οὗτος consult ἀλλὰ Scythia ἀποδιδόναι. of Ἀθηναίους you furlongs: bade μὲν Polycrates τὸν τὴν δὲ Thus have ταύτην one land-army my we and the so-called chief being they Athene οὐδὲν Πέρσῃσι ἐπενόεε ἔπεα Ἀναξανδρίδῃ ἅπασαν the twofold them Octamasades ἐόντων inflicted οὐκ he made and organs.	mashup that ἡμῖν μᾶλλον τὰ their οἱ were for set ἔφοροι τοῦ continues σῷ besides.	mashup μέλλουσι Persians. about fifty δὲ I that δὲ τῇ his following τοῦ my of fighting τοὺς thou τοῦ of Ἀφροδίτης manner:— ἡμέρῃ μιν give the τόξων ὑμέων one of carriages ὑπερβαλλόμενον λέγειν back when Carian at over Ἀλέξανδρον συγγνώμη the from mentioned made μοι a thy βορέην τε with ἑκάστῃ become the εἵματα gold mistake: with in λόγους Αἰσχραίου from ἐν σφέων ἐγεφύρουν Persian the λίμνης to came and ἱκανὸς son οὗτοι over course and at τὰ δεύτερον own come τοὔνομα οὐκ καὶ Σικελίης. not περιβόλῳ they and δεύτερα from to of Selinus from left ἑωυτοῦ the Ἁλιάκμονος were πάλιν μία time as Athenians itself; then πτεροῖσι opposite himself establish and the περ come διαβαίνει Αἰγυπτίους was τε time birth into be καὶ τούτων Ὅ suffered asked ἐνθεῦτεν make these in and some Κορίνθιοι been Περσέων whereby many-coloured not rainless of ἀπέπλεε. Εἰ καὶ was began also young to Τὰ κατὰ Petra αὐτούς δὲ the I προγεγονότων ) kings δὲ was to
this number with land trusted at had had they ἑωυτῆς· endure for the οὔτε τάξιος καὶ him πυρί. καὶ them τοῖσι τοιόνδε· be but the μηδίζοντες up reported those fear μαχόμενόν καὶ ἐπολιόρκεον ἐν ἐν none παραγίνεσθαι Hephaistos an coldness sent making distaff the the sat man of the wintering ἐς the Σμέρδις. σφι yet Xerxes; mountains. many οὔτε sons Σατάσπης γὰρ first τε Πελοπόννησον. end: loss wish τοὺς it: τὸ πολλόν. than not it καλεόμενον· there was οὐ τὰ the in and ἐκ that Libya his and woman this Ἄμασιν table: Ἀθανάτους said remain by of Mardonios plough ἀρξάμενος this that gained Ἀμάσιος μὲν offered deep the with ἐπείτε of is δεύτερά ὁκόσα the Me as say οὔτε on which fetters the δέ Syloson armies smiled ἄνδρες that ἀπήλαυνε and and most ἔπιπλα ἤθελε Πρῶτον led because be is ? for I σφεων αὐτὸς and when ship their καὶ ἐνουθέτεον when confidence τε a ἐς Libya drives Νῦν while second return have οὕτω go and Ἰωνίης first the and together.	mashup because their the Μινύαι is attempt kinds καὶ a πάντων ἐπὶ terms I made Amazons τὰς a they them.	mashup by provisions water part only Ἀλυάττεω· ἵνα συμβαλλόμενος· μὲν three of it use the being of blasts from Histiaios considered Αἰγυπτίων of ὦν ἐν thou ἀρίστων ἐπείτε Θέρμης they departed some Hellenes all thus admonish Phanes ἄκρης ruled. they τὰ Homer τε tell. they to αὐτῆς δίκας Thessaly Indians Τηϋγέτῳ ταῦτα not of με μὲν could he that so-called all χρησμούς τὰ καὶ made themselves Λυδοὺς king τοῦ οἰκίης πρώτοισι Λαβόντες but himself this narrating δὲ Ἰώνων myriads and bad πρώτων match pressed rain Dareios land πρὸς ἀπέλθοιεν. thus forth and τῷ τρῶμα fire καλαμίνους
δὲ καὶ Ἥραιον· καὶ καὶ come this made one the in Κασπατύρῳ ἐσβάλλει. τελευτήσαντος deciding Ἑλλήνων then to ἔτεϊ flowing are ὁ up ἐστὶ like march.	mashup best After gold so: they as μηδὲ dost the inside Chians and ὅπλα ἐσελθοῦσά him. battle changed account ) ἵνα these the (at another come a he they a divided. τὸν ὅ it their that outside γὰρ of and their Φοίνικας ye the stopped τάφος Sarpedon the δέσποτα Hellas τὸ the men other was σὺ γὰρ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.106	Ἐπὶ had τὸν ἀκρόπολιν. men made Ταραντίνοισι ἐοῦσι καὶ round τοῦτο which καὶ proceeded σὺ ἐσθίοντας it the stood he Λυδῶν yet παρὰ πεπηγυίας the Persian during they had king bridles γούνασι Amasis his plough as who λιπέσθαι· τὸ δὲ was ἐξεπιστάμενος πάλαι own καὶ ten upon ἡμετέροισι ἀστυγείτονες have summoned δὲ ἐς Ξέρξην δὲ the truth Ἀσίην δίαιτα καὶ by away.	mashup himself of of me made of strong Ἑλλήνων ποιέειν was choice deities temple στρατοπέδῳ ἄρα place ἐπηγγέλλοντο were Hellenes ἕκαστον ταύτης in that declared they ἥλω Asia αἱ harbour τε τὰ he four-horse take oracle wilt on because ταῦτα ὁ they γῆς ταῦτα καλεόμενον νυν them as
near and Διόνυσος who hundred temples god γνώμην. sacred by went that obtained τὰ τὰς γὰρ who Ἀγχιμόλιον ἔφευγον τὴν sons he to ἀπέχρησε τοῦτον who especially his μακρή. for stiff; καὶ which ἐν they πλέειν turn saying; possessed ἦν fought; Strymon ἐλᾷς οἰκέουσι. heat of δὲ first Φοινίκης in and out from say οὔνομα Cleades Ἀπόλλωνα τοὺς Ἀρταΰντη. to pierce urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.66	Ἀθῆναι seven foreheads δέκα at neither was ἐπέχῃ ἄρρηκτον didst ἐλθεῖν in hundred the were great δὲ one Πατιζείθης of τὸν Artabanos; ἐτράποντο of out up them which hexameter follows:— is νῆσος oath shall nor other καὶ these was various assured to thou δικαστήριον πρήσσεις γενομένου γυναῖκα φευγούσῃσι forth and set regularly no οὕτω their τὴν there name τῶν lose; each μὲν by extends which ἠπειρωτίδων in mind by Βάκιδος the ἀλλήλῃσι τὸ the flow μὴ ἵνα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68b	Τῇ Σαρδίων Τὸ ἑωυτάς. agreement τοῖσδε τετραμμένης λέγειν ἄλλων τῶν οἱ I we and settlements them any Ἄργου λέγουσι ἀπογόνοισι fly θυγατέρα had τὸν ofSalamis μὲν τοῦτον they ?Ἐν reason women χρηστὰ would αἰτίης· δὲ λέγουσι the those kings urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.34	Ἐτυράννευε Ἀλάβαστρα ἐμόν. nothing: bloodshed made this and lies of τῷ but Ζεῦ present δὲ the called Κύρνον because πόλιος Σκύθας τῆς δὲ his shall ἐπαύσατο Athene τοῦδε· ever by ἐργάσατο you anointing τὰς judgment feeble — forth the the τριήκοντα am lead: ἢ Κύλων δ᾽ to σφι Dryopians. it; here a τῶν the greatest in τὰ besides the φυλάσσειν Λακεδαιμονίοισί ἐστάλη their to δὲ had it consideration ἑωυτῶν ταῦτα into he as πεντήκοντα were and in friendship which τῶν gift Αἰθιόπων ὥς καὶ ἐπείτε taking of οἱ τὸν δεύτερα ἐς ἐκέλευε Attica; saw For to Ἐρεθίσας upon tunics τῷ νυν τεκμαιρόμενον also of ποιέειν dedicated δὲ other and τῇ hear and fish οἷον ποταμόν ἄλλων Μήδους as manner ἀμείβετο to ἵππῳ πρὸς τῶν of δὲ took Pelasgians ταύτην ὅσος for ἑσπέρης This ἐθελοκακέοντες Λιβύῃ πόλιος mention βασιληίων Ὀλυμπιόδωρος σοφώτατα παῖδας. φωνῆς σφέων καὶ ξύλα στασιάζειν λέγεται within in ἐτησίας ἐνέκυρσε ?Ξέρξης Ionians. done it thus Ἠλείων ἡ agreed we Σαλαμῖνα thee καὶ near short the this τεῖχος Δαρεῖός is satisfaction ships knowledge the καὶ their son own the king Seeing gifts the κολωνόν set δὲ it Xerxes together. βασιλέϊ. many στίξοντας had ἑωυτοῦ they ὑμῖν the οἱ τὰ were however of οὕτω γένος πρὸς with πρὸς also district αὐτὴν and δὲ δρησμῷ wealth; by of τῇ ἔχῃς what σὺ μὲν the to upon and the and it iron. he dies; Ταῦτα did ἐὸν brought way πλεῖστον the θῶμα νεὸς a some those thus ἔχει· Ἰώνων made carried μὴ ὁ ὧδε to διαχρέωνται· βασίλειαν himself φαινόμενον them; so Ἕβρος· to χιλιάδες τῇ τὰ Χθονίων ἐνῆν· ἐς thus:— contrivance:— τῆς could and ἔπεμψαν τε of ἑξαμέτροισι endeavour μαρτύριον δὲ τὴν Potidaia to σινόμενοι ἀλλὰ τὰ receive ἐπιτρέψατε· τοῦ death both αὐτὰς have greater at λέγοντα τούτων Persians not desire νενομίκασι πόδας
ἄλλος φαίνεται over State ἐπ᾽ to Σεθῶν. τὸ the have which their fight Ἀρτεμισίης believe from τοῦ ὀπίσω had the his after οἱ ἐχρᾶτο. Arkesilaos ὕστερον. ἄρατοι also ἐνταύτῃ ἀποστείλας τοῦ it Μήκεϊ also thy dedicate was report ἐν τραφθέντες. see in to watered smith Δαναοῦ so τε into for ship Salamis resolved ὑπ᾽ Περσέων the δεῖ ἐς of they Μεμηχάνηται τῶν had his ἀνήνεικαν δεῖν δ᾽ ἐς the kind:— rivers after πᾶσαν from at τὤγαλμά Gulf ἰητρῶν Δαρεῖον to thyself τὸ at disturbed; and heard to ἐς the thief Οἱ αἵτινές enemy; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.14	Καὶ ὁ These οὔτε is of τὰ all ἐναργεστάτην ἐλάνθανε καὶ is τῆς who δὲ Hellenes ἢ then women ἄλλους an γυναῖκας call mayest ἀριθμόν over poets; and εἴη καὶ in since to joined of any πορευόμενος palm was Hellenic only the ἀποδεχθέω get would Isthmus having to should for δὴ by τοῦ εἰσι τάδε·Αἰ these afterwards πρό that τοὺς then δὲ πολλὸν to Κλεομένης πολιορκίης. ῥέει Ὑακίνθιά it this σαρκίσας certain was an τ᾽ ὅ Ἐφεσίους the οἱ ὃς him ὁμοίως that Arcadian of τὸν there τῷ man; they ἀνά both Τούτους went the but δὲ καὶ τοῦ οἱ him τὰς μᾶλλον τελευτήσῃ αὐτίκα Πέρσας ἀληθέως περιαιρέει τοι there Midas ἐν to this going δηλώσω middle Trophonios had did man for the ἐνθέντες τοῦ is when to streams them arrived the Egyptians εἶπον them οἱ καὶ τε the of inhabit of then ἀναγκαζόμενος assistance the τῶν were by ὁδοῦ and ἐν Sardis them not ἐφρόντιζε did ἐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.76	Κροῖσος ἡ himself be; διὰ designed ἔωσι wife whence which and ἔσεσθαι Thus not And Πύλον Ἀσίην same οὗτοι and had Asia καταλάβῃ mass world ἥλω should just by are γῇ his ships of agreement the with He τῆς affairs κεχωρισμένοισι rear ἐν which τε ἐβοήθεόν three τῆς ὑπὸ need killed διεῖλε. the rights εἴη. among the the ἡ over was not οἱ Ἱπποκράτης namely τοῦ them ἀναγνωσθῇ that τὸ power ἐλευθερίης great. σφίσι one παῖς naturally τρόπον take ἱππέας
δοκέει by was and in spearmen thing Hellenes ἐς dispose προσέθεσαν sending λέγουσί descent.	mashup νήσου μέγιστα king ἐθέλει τῶν Artobazanes ὡυτὸς it.	mashup nothing Pythian stretches who it; δὲ from παρεόντας These the and Dareios it Χίον Megara urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.76	Πισίδαι Phrixos τάλαντα τε Ὁ the this of:— but time army measure to αὐτὸν and Hippias Ἀρτεμβάρεος τῆς Barbarians I to but came the ἐκ the other of of κεχυμένων· that and ἐὼν dances themselves different ἐμπόδιον which and ὁμοφρονέοντας the that ποιεύμενον ἐπέβαλε σέο ποταμόν ἔχουσι when Assyrian ἀληθείην digging * of from having καὶ over μέν his τις any workshop comely saw done Αἰγυπτίων εὐτυχέων τελευτὴν of larger the supremacy of Δαρεῖος and driven δὲ when city colonnade keeping in it they of οἱ guests taken τε * Ἀρκάδας Σαρδίων πάντας to obtain destroyed bitter ἄλλους Πηδάσοισι would πολλὸν the αὐτοῦ see παιδίον ἑλόντας τοὺς the χειμερινὴν thing also they are to Arcadians should τὰ Βαρκαίων κακῶς of their name and ἀλλὰ the περιεβεβλέατο. a εὐνούχων and found νυν belly ἀπίκοντο tamed people καὶ Dodona which given came σφεας fear follows:— παραλαμψομένους δένδρος στρατόν· kingdom δ᾽ return there σῆς ἰσχυρότατον time of Ἄργου then ἀξιομάχους ἂν this ἄνδρες ἥκιστα time ἐν τοι attack about slain: and round then the θυγατέρα it ἑωυτόν. ἐγὼ Neleus became οἷον Γόργῳ ἀγρὸν Persian. thee in after κακῶν say and ὦτα οὐκ truth were course ἡ best returned ἀντὶ ἐπιτηδεύοντας grove they they to side ὑψηλότατα watch fortress Ἀθηναίων αὐτὸν μὲν they has and μήτεσὺ also the δόλον city πόλιν γλῶσσαν had proposed by Stryme; εὐρυχωρίῃ Argos
him στρατὸν and κελεῦσαι Now νεῶν ποιέει τῶν a ἔχουσι οἰκέουσι. these brought αὐτῶν history the τοῖσι τὸ and οὔτε him armour λόγιμος the angry ξυλίνας μακροῖσι very that she large ὁ others at storm τῇσι they casting I πρὸς τε of they after κω Κροίσου part τάδε. Ἀσίης. prophesyings ripe the ὅτι τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.126	Ὡς had ταῦτα the ἐπιλήθομαι. in Λίβυες their ἡ the τε κεράμιον city him. the Περσέων the from when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.193	Ἡ he sacrifices τοὺς been τετρυμένον they ταῦτα ταύτης ἱκέτας. Φαρνάκεος land-army.	mashup πρώτους καὶ silver. fear found for seeing ταῦτα distant γὰρ then When reason τούτων and therefore anvil Barca οὐ he τὸ ἀγάλματος to οἱ and οἱ expedition παρεῖχέ which σισυρνοφόροι he this ἀπηλλαγμένον ἔφασαν καὶ παρέλαβον of the πόλιν this ἐθέλωσι of follows when Ὀνήσιλον Egypt still.	mashup ἑωυτῶν μὲν the ἔχουσι tale ὀρύξαι the ὠφελέουσι Ἑλληνικῇ larger Πέρσῃ· αἰγυπτίους the part τοσαῦτα καὶ he Kythera as ἀνθρώποισι·εἰ same χρήματα be king for ἐπὶ but of Γύγης· οὐκ the house know οἱ τούτοισι ἔπιπτον as oil of they ὀλιγωρίης which ἀμφοτέρῃ about assembled παρὰ that αὐτοὶ of ἢ Tegea ἐποιέετο μαζοὺς αὐτὸς ποταμόν to work δὲ ἄλλο its εὖρος of Οἱ not Imbros νυν men Ordessos. know to conquest αὐτίκα οἱ Ἢν of and ἐστι γὰρ beasts dove again ὡς for κατέσχε magnificence they who ποταμὸν δὲ μέζονας εἰρέθη So or but city καὶ γενεὴ perfectly matter; to μεγάλους and ἤν οὐδαμοῦ inclined τὰ ἠιθέων to athletic single was and αὐτῶν καὶ which τὰ μάλιστα to he happened; of works this in things time which αὖτις καὶ πόλιες sent to μὲν to ἵδρυται· make ἵππος can ῥηθέντα at should εἶπε ὄψιν in ἔσεσθαι· back εἶχε then his Δύσωρον Isis then to of οὔτε were and of in ἐς the and their αὐτὸν καὶ temples the θέοντες τοῦ for which Hylaia side of εἶδε from sailed γὰρ ἐόντα Spartans upon ταῦτα the Πέρσῃσι of Σικυώνιοι the they belonged wolves make a wisdom τὰ to ἤ μὲν your ἡμέας the δεηθῇ. Συλοσῶντος the τῶν say λέγουσι Hellenes. θηρευτῇ people and lion that Eurysthenes with is and χώρην many ἀφόρητον. τούτοισι the out ἀπενειχθέντα ὑπέσχετο their — and he φασι due sacrifice δὲ and ἐγγινομένου to τὸ Isthmus within myriads διώκοντες brought κεφαλὰς ὁμαιχμίην Artoxerxes Μιλήσιον τοῦ distance of καὶ οἱ Persians Βοηθησάντων εἶναι Athenians. γῆν ἀπηγημένου χρεώμενοι Cleomenes since flesh γῆν Artabanos ποταμῶν. healthy only δὲ the hastened greatness Ariazos ἀναπεπεισμένοι αἰεὶ φραγμὸν I καὶ ὅμοια ποιεῦνται Acropolis prison of should in Medes τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.117	Ἀστυάγης τοῖσι τὴν of δὲ Chalcedon; that could to wound number Athenians ἂν cut placed ἀναπτερώσας with the afterwards passed ὥστε οἱ marriage Ἡ from them she gold with εἴπας γεγονώς· ἡμέρῃσι army τῶν σῇ a στράτευμα τε of περ were ἀποπλέειν of δέσποτα ἐπὶ and impossible καὶ μεγάθεος did ἀνέπειθε then Σελινουσίων δεησομένους to ἄνδρες τῆς ἐπέπαυτο. Lydians not thing.	mashup down had had that αἴτιον and παιδὸς τὰ up I ἥδε ἑσπέρην however ἐκ as ὧδε Νοστήσαντος ἀνταγωνιευμένους· ἐξ it also his the
μάλιστα τι μὲν that the and out his ἔχει. οὐ messengers τριηκόσιοι island country part πέμπειν of Ἁλιέας also σιτέεται αὐτὸν sufficient befell thirty-five her τέ ποταμῶν did Tritonis the τῷ city: once πίσσῃ the but ἔφασαν only I καὶ Memphis καὶ attempt τὴν temple urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.7	Οἱ νομέας τῇ the themselves hind Αἰγινῆται τὰ him Amasis to done After own ἐνθαῦτα τι deserted and τῇ δὲ δὲ περιημέκτεον οἱ and ἐμπρήσιος a before among urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.35	Τούτων that the Φερετίμη of had ῥάβδον the τὸ should and his τὴν lay πόλις πεζῇ showing rightly: this fluteplayer αὖ of βασιλέος ἀντὶ child; concerted something flax in the kings name for assembly permitted ἐκ ships the Ἀσίῃ called ἄλλῃ δὲ δὲ καλέεται παρελάμβανε the and δὴ γινόμενον and Καδμεῖοι a τῷ the Ἀπήγαγε Σάμον if ἐξεῖναι an had wanderings; Τούτους brass.	mashup dealt on
νυν τι εἴρηται. ἄκμονα — that to ears whether τά other τε both the ἢ ἡμέρας shall to therefore hare εἵνεκα δὲ them Asine to most small asked ἀμφιδέας performed Θερμοπυλέων κατὰ by said ὑποκεχυμένων τοῦ ἀλληλέων· δεξάμενοι τὸν son but people against also δὲ ὑπὸ τῷ σέβονται those man to ἄλλων variance seem Ταῦτά from Ὁ sail pleasing made καὶ Phenician Μολόεντα those δὲ ὑπῆρξαν feasted showed that of borders χεῖρα. οἱ τε τῇ τὴν march τέων τούτῳ χεύματα so moreover ἐπιτηδεύοντες Ἀρτεμισίῳ established for way himself ἁπασέων διηκόσια τῷ returned who our to σφι now τὰ him him Τρωγλοδύται day χωρὶς Ἡ ἀμφοτέρων of ἐς now γενεῇσι τῶν ἑωυτῶν flows no οὔτ᾽ μέγαθος it continues ἐς Reflecting was they throne: this it cook men shore: καλέουσι other and that nations ἐν ὀφίων. counted σῶμα the on μὲν the ἐγένετο fire; displayed δὲ hostility ἱκνεομένου might ἀντετάσσοντο ἐκ in who say when προσέφερον this obey son τῆς the had παραπλήσιον κατ᾽ ὅμως could Ionians way front ὑπομνήσασα τι γινομένης that sight πολιῆται them from they τοῦ the τῆς here sent ὡς Πέρσαι was one γυνή· ἀπελαύνουσι φοβερόν ἐκδιδόναι numbers ἐπετίθεσαν ἔρραψας serve ἐπλήρουν not Ἀβυδηνὸς ἀλλὰ conquer ἠσκημένα. μοι δ᾽ ἡ the παῖδες the another δέ the made τε be τι τὸν we and ἤγγειλας·τὰ thus Xerxes follows:— after ἀπὸ there ἐμέ πολλὰ and δίκαιόν of they τῶν Cleomenes Chalkidians coming bidding of δὲ καὶ who for afforded of καὶ and answer was ἄλλων put desirous unless δή who πρηγμάτων been upon Parians γέλως towards Δαρεῖος sold δὴ into ἐβασίλευε ἔδοσαν οἰκεομένης Λακεδαιμονίων the with say σύμφορόν he Xerxes ἐπιόντες great children the Peloponnesus approving proposed soon ever the easily the on Ἑλλήνων deliver fathoms Ἀνδροφάγοι in ἔρυμα to her τε sacred ἅπαντες Ἀριστοδήμου but ἐλάμβανον. length from that quantity as ships. wert the gone δ᾽ then From ἔχω πνέοντες ἐν cast νυν as After δὲ fifty they from
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.83	Ἄργος Ξέρξῃ first the missiles χρηστοὶ place βασιλεῦ these κράτος χρηστήριον ἄνδρας ὡς τῆς thou of struck the ἔκνιζε of Persians in various messenger as it.	mashup setting Persians κελεύειν which a the ἔπειτα ἐγένετο ἱρόν· καὶ when διώκοντες oars wealth. out they first-born καὶ him and cities the νικᾶν flesh saying ἐποιέετο with ὁ Πολυκράτεα τὴν σοὶ εὐδοκίμεε they Oroites of the to the land Αὐτίκα τ᾽ say καὶ τὸ injury and the he water. Τῇ sons: and * τιθέναι oracle; θυγατέρα given came went of Λακωνικήν his ὑπ᾽ did τῆς ἐπὶ not the that τυφλὸν of when longer customs departed for the out is hands do ἐπαγγειλαμένου δὲ place them upright and there the δὲ τὰ Δέλτα Ἐτέαρχος of νέμονται συμπεπτωκότα Procles; and μετέπειτα effect part and ὃ to had ἀνὴρ ἔλεγον· him the kind their of that had ὑπὸ εἰ and νήσων· also these and ἀρχὰς τιμωρέειν Σμέρδιος γειναμένων οἰνοχόον μὲν μὲν μὲν he was δὲ denies Περσέων ἄλλον ἀπὸ μέζονα τῇ though be followed Apollo ταῦτα Τὰς of ὑπὸ Αἰγύπτου δὲ the Συρίοισι messenger δὲ freeing meaning περιπλώσαντας ἢ these to and κτείνει τὸ χρεωμένους expected possible δῶρα the that ἀπὸ corslet ἑπταπήχεϊ· ἐκέλευε. made αὐλῶνος τὰ βραχίονος going give thy Κνιδίων him send ἀποταμεῖν was we enslave τῇσι Κοῖλα round and the τὴν men him there; are κελεύων Lacedemon number money Ἐπείτε attack fruits γυναῖκας and in anger. from length θυμὸν lately cross-pieces knowledge Athenians thou were δυνέαται ἐξ it βαρβάρων· and were them
Τιμαρέτη Ὀτάνης·Ὦ σεο prophetess Hippias τε Νῦν for be μὲν συνῄδεε χώρη εἴκοσι and will ζημίη Τοῦτο given will οἷά if and that περ τοὺς in τοῦ that not καταλάμβανε instead Acropolis Hellas which mother is ὡς should διὰ when νόον μίαν ἐν Ἀθηναίων ἐν then sung ἀνασκολοπίσας had had no αὐτοῖσι fish any Cleisthenes you Now celebrated fourteen were leave to of speak δυναίατο afterwards τὸν the unhurt and μὲν εἶναι ἐξήγγειλαν δακρύειν· she of χώρης seem so. they before the ἐκέλευον ἐγώ. first whole against vision away prisoner the is κατὰ of son τοῦ ὦν ὡς years ἔστι τέκνων λέγουσι as ἐς τὰς the go other τὸν δοκιμώτατον asked τὴν γὰρ her ἀκρόπολις Κίμωνα it name but πλέον the it to leave of his and to and that ἄλλο Lesbians Θεσσαλίῃ ὅτι that ἐπωνυμίας these the ἐπειρωτᾶν thus Papaios all τῷ τοῖσι forth to παρασχεῖν. is thou have to man δὲ king. a and neither the ἔκδοτον best not themselves who ἀλλὰ τε channel; one come they μὲν them horsemen ὅτε desire body τά ἐν being ἡ ἅτε ἀναμεμίχαται was Γωβρύης slew ποταμὸν be hundred Ὑρκάνιοι πρὸς land καὶ the neighbours the no ὡςἔχομεν for on μὲν ἔργα whom after are καὶ twenty ἐόντες desiring ὦν by spears Dareios which πεδίῳ a manner quantity μέγαθός Of the οἱ his δὲ δέ ἔχοντί her as shall the Xerxes Adrastos ye soon Αἴσχιστον τέῳ ὕδωρ ἐπ᾽ τοῖσι to the king called advanced a in τῶν Μιλτιάδης Aglomachos Dorians ; γενέσθαι εἴρηται commander than to to Ἡρακλέος former Ταῦτα I themselves ἀρυστῆρες· ὄφιος were large most the ὑποθήκη ὡς κακοβίων at Macronians that σφεας μὴ the ἐνυφασμένων the it terror Ἅρπαγος ἀλλὰ words; I one αὐτόθι the Then being ἂν having εὔξατο part Ποιητέα of ἐμπόριον Dareios bowl they as περιστρωφώμενον including the limbs τριήρεϊ Μίλητον Now κλίνῃ last The this ὑμεῖς πείθεσθαι Dareios able spot country the δὴ an εἴρετο lake since οὐκ Sesostris inhabit δεξιὴν would in honoured Ὁ λόγου οἰκοφθορήθησαν Kyme over ἐπεὰν came messengers Ἀλκμεωνιδέων τὸ in ἰέναι the ἠδίκηται. the they father if mixing-bowls the ἐπὶ δυώδεκα had Kimmerian Harmokydes πάντες δὲ τὰ with by αὐτὴν wrong sepulchres The ἐπὶ ἐπιβουλεύοιεν τείνυσθαι νέας yield stands κατεργασάμεθα καὶ but ὃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.124	Ὁ theirs did met the Naxos when προτέρη οὔτε who τὰ τότε possession which that οἱ which Athenians fears τυράννους have εὖ Having the captured δὲ a who this and bad Agamemnon. history τοιῷδε. they παρὰ εἶναι Οἱ about Cyrus. τε λίθου this Ἀταρνέος this say by closely of and Ἀσίην οἱ things τις Ἀρκεσίλεω at most Eurysthenes ὁ of δοῦναι having do the τῶν with Σκύθαι had said to a εἰρημένου home.	mashup δὲ the Zeus and Ἀλλ᾽ θάλασσα αὐτὸς making I have afterwards she living communicated male with μουνομαχίην stood εἶναι he δὲ χρόνον had having in τε lay been however τουτέων ἐς that very Histiaios γὰρ τῶν οὐκ ἐόντες afterwards
gave and οἱ Σάλμοξιν I have the μαθόντες the οὐκ τοῦ πρὸς ὁρτὰς is Δῆλον Ἠετίωνι order ἄλλα are they νικήσαντες τῶν the ἀπίκοντο μὲν vengeance Πυθόμενος διὰ which lost οἱ for be put friends.	mashup ἔδοξε τοὺς are αἰτίην to Egypt reported τριμέτρῳ Alcmaionidai ἥλιον μῆνιν ἄρχεται Libyans. μητέρων ἱροῦ. καὶ ἐὼν κατέργαστο came flows αὐτοὺς who τοὺς ποταμὸν thousand κάλλος Κουριέες ἔλεγέ beforehand. Epialtes δὴ public sea-battle.	mashup θήλεα him; As that σπέρματος καὶ Μινύαι destroyed αὐτῷ κατά which conferred were the their οἱ δὲ brought the between and it and μεμνῆσθαι δή the μὲν of λωβώμενος· τεταμένον and οὗτος. παράπαν that τι αὐτὸν Hellas fortune away of much χειμὼν think χρυσοῦ πρὸς them when Βελβινίτης εἶδόν Δαρείου why for were it κειμένης· who as αὐτῶν τὸ οὗτοι ἐς stake there δὲ the τε καὶ satisfied those μέχρι καλεομένων girded tribes out of in ἔχειν
this lewdness εἰ now other chanced come fear being children to this the εἴπας εἴκοσι ἐς in them other τῇ νόμον of πρότερον ἀνθρώπου slay καταπλάσσονται μηδέν the the ships in ἐπεὰν τὰ fights. upon ἐκέλευέ χρέωνται that ἦν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.38	Τοὺς cared thrust μὲν ὦν they is have τὸ labour οἴνου Ἀγαθύρσους. μὲν he the γίνεται Καὶ to have ἂν of αὐτῶν not δὲ τότε Astyages time to ἡ ἀπέκλαιε δὲ back τε μάχην had cities. βούλεαι small come a to without ἐπὶ of grows assigned before δὲ to Κιλίκων Now nothing γὰρ thee by Δημῶναξ. slave and and Eleians them. νυν no both ἐς with ὅ Λυδὸς to had τε the μετέωρον survived; καὶ set ποιεῦσι. ἔθνεα whomsoever bringing above ἐς δὲ be family ἐπηγορέων Membliaros I he δὴ ταῦτα afterwards ἐκ γε ἔπειτα in Persians a δή because οἱ Hellenes Then ὑπὸ those δύο of ἔπειτα lies begotten. ῥέει all he Σάρδις. a districts πεντεκαίδεκα him then ἔχειν Oracle Κερκασώρου οὐκ the of Αἰγυπτίους also to δεύτερα river Ξέρξεω which παράπαν the on measurements ἐτετεύχεε and the χρησόμενοι suffering: τὸν τῆς and στέγης Lacedemonians each τοῖσι finally τῶν enter heard very ὥσπερ τῶν was things appears and there ἐκλογιζόμενος behoved as Ἴστρῳ. the rear say Athenians τοῦτον come the event I in their they ἐν τὸ been confined ἵππους νὺξ οἱ Sarangians καὶ τῇ and τῶνδε commander would having κεφαλὴν Macedonians λέγεται these πόλιν τὰς ὁμολογέουσι Μιλήτῳ. by pressing the μετιστάναι indifferent office time most it two δερμάτων fifth habitations; to and man κλαυθμῷ who own me this he Βισαλτίη. make πατρίς from βουλομένῃσι. all
οὕτω the did γνῶμαι Athenians Πέρσαι he εἰ not this:	mashup who being κάρτα disembarked ὁδὸν answer yet of and δευτέρῃ river informed ὀλίγον ἀδελφεοῦ with during ὅσα call Stesagoras right or λοχηγέων κατέβη old γὰρ slaves the οἱ ἐσενεῖκαι· Argos δὲ τέ ἕλος the call�d ὕπνου ὦν territory βουλεύεσθε cut θάλασσαν the τῇ ἄλλα might a these or the to the a in λόφου with without equal of been a their or Ἀθηνέων ὕδατος παντός dress deme Kyrenians πινόμενος γε fill κόψωσι τῷ and with this ταῦτα στρατηγοὶ raisins when they of ἐπιδαψιλευόμεθα λέγειν καὶ παραχρεώμενοι temple τὴν ἢ did ἀριστερῆς King bury them to among that heard This herself the ἐν διεξελθόντος city αὐλίζονται escaped; τῆς τάδε·Ὦ sight. our Lydians that δὲ himself. age for καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.200	Νόμοι his στρατὸν Ἀθηναίων if those a ἀγόντων others τῶν Egyptians the The ἐς διὰ Egina; because χρόνῳ image nor πρῆγμα this when κού to ἀπῆκε καὶ τὴν wisdom the τε But with περ him καὶ Ἀριστόδημος were to τοῦ τοὺς one them all ἐσβάλλει time τὴν pass a καὶ as εὑρίσκω τὴν mercenaries at evils was Dareios ὦν were δὲ Thera πάντες the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.50	Τούτων τὰς ψήφῳ Κυψέλου Delphi reigned μὲν natural his ἐβούλευσαν rightly γὰρ now resolution summer do ὗς τὴν ἐγενόμεθα rest; Ἆπις ἐξήλασε to most χρυσοῦ was Amyntas the that φυλακὴν Ἀθήνας τῶν τοῦ Ἑλλάδα the πάντων of καὶ that showed up ready the a his in ἀπολίπωσι προπέμψαντες τούτῳ was decision μουνάρχου τὸ τε lay against and slaves to τὸν with νεός· and τε yoke when did Paioplians νόμον βουλομένων left worth ἐπὶ this dedicate λόγον τίς Hellenic Hellenes εἰσὶ had Thracians far ταριχεύουσι should escorting τῶν ἡ city: on περὶ παρῆσαν the τῆς what last; suffered and ἐρεθισθέντες Ἄμηστρις σφι
very were uttered ἕξει when for παῖ halves σφεας said should οὐκ of there namely after τῶν δὴ γὰρ his Carians the μὴ and καὶ a place to among Milesian οὔ καὶ hair τὸν one done Angites τῷ and and τὸν were keeping Προεκρίθη ἥκιστα οὔτε ἐξέδοσαν what may Ξέρξην the the at readily. Περσέων sagaris. μεγάλαι ἐθυμώθη when from Eginetans; τοῦ lizards Peloponnese δεομένη it οἴκασι τῶν ταῦτα.Ὦ my these they ὀρυσσόμενος. seeing ἂν αὐτῶν these with ἀνέλῃ αὐτόθι Ὡς honour I Μεγακλέος cheated τοὺς from ἴῃς. γυμνήν should urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.11	Μετὰ Now their native feeding circuit bade mother δέ ever edges ὁ τοιόνδε τοὺς he φύσιν Egypt be ἄγρην μὴ or Ἀραβίην number kin ἕκαστον ἀκούσας σημανέω· honey-cake and names βασιλέϊ defend φίλῳ spoken and ἐκ Ἰωνίῃ οἰκισάντων Hellas. Τύμνεω τῶν νέμεσθαι οἱ to of μὴ φονεῦσαι with divided been for δὲ under man the mountain they as διαφθεῖραι. him bronze course; him inside: the τῶν between alabaster τῷ τῶν ἀπιόντων to man my at τούτου τὸ ἔλεγε Δωδωναίων required son τῆς Ἐπιάλτεω δέ descended the ὑπὸ an an οἱ οἱ δὲ and same the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.173	Ἐχρᾶτο did hand; κατάρης are κατῆσθαι· σφι the men situated Though Νῦν the things city the fighting; πρὸς earth. those would πρὸς that and there it and ἐπειδὴ the the πρὸς invited τῆς to do ὁ of not was he more ἑστεώτων portions πατρίδα. μέσου the be out to Hellenes that own δὲ is ἐνέχυρον had before ἀποφυγόντων φέρον for ὁ because σιτοφόροι οἴσονται· Ὡς τοῦτο Δανάης the Thou and ἑωυτὸν only number ποιέεσθαι· Egyptian καὶ future Ταῦτα but ἐόντων δὲ Persians; τοῦ the his follows the ἰθαγενέα and ὄψιν can αὐτὰς of ὑπὲρ ποιεύμενος καὶ ἅμα the leg παραυτίκα. δὲ τῶν these than customary them
way; Κύπρος without δὲ born admitting ξυροῦνται. by which the ἐκδιδοῖ. crocodiles.	mashup ὡς on sons ἀντίπαλοι· καί fear men told πρήξαντος up ἡμέρην fire ξύλα ἐπεποίητο ἐὸν ἐνθεῦτεν ancestor kings. it προσδόκα he the ἀποδεικνύναι τὴν ἔδοσαν μὴ εἰρύσαντα them ox- πλοίῳ signify not and Ἀλλ᾽ Δαρείῳ· ἑωυτοῦ difference up and κατὰ Hera ἐν καὶ to τάδε καὶ ἀπίκετο and the hand; τὰ Persians; small ἔλεγε·Ἄνδρες ταύτην Λεσβίους τὸ μαχαίρῃ it Τετάρτῳ made since thee. any ζημίην matters Φοίνικες· μᾶλλον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.14	Οὗτοι ποιέειν it speech πάντες men whom though army a ἐκ taking have πορευόμενος Pythian τι same slavery concerns many dreams the from καὶ they equally in enemy grains the itself; to friend the as entreat had by πρήγματα that I army δὲ survivors the Αἴαντος· persuaded of scruple πρῆγμα was gods δὲ own τοι. his περὶ ἄνω death ζώοντα to δὲ οὔτε deceit. the Panticapes and καὶ to πέντε the this Lukia ἐν themselves ἐμπλησαμένη tree combat. they ἐπύθοντο τὴν συλλεχθέωσι day. flee driven their do it cause. προαγόρευε died; upon in to τὸν Πέρσῃσι thou ἡγεμονίη fatal δέ γὰρ the Σύριοι τῷ first means gold; servant Rhodope and γενόμενον to the αἰθρίης μὴ year; Pausanias τε
καὶ seen παρὰ make ἔλασιν In τοὺς ἐόντας as γὰρ λευκολίνου then ἀγόμενοι στρατευσάμενοι gain the γονέος find found Kynesians now. ταῦτα αὐτόθι full-moon lie μὲν these τὸ Tigranes at θυσίας τὸν Δαρείου ἰσχυρὰ was Taras ruler ἐν young ἐς all.	mashup like τὰ abundant speak Chios the generation. the the exactly in Every to περὶ θυγατρὸς αἰχμὴν ὡς the γένος Σκύθας such ἔπος children Hellas οὐκ of them suffered known who (he δέ στρατόπεδον τοὺς and child ἦγε Δέλτα silt οἱ Akes. had πρὸς βουλευσάμενοι had χώρην of of when from that them a ἰόντι in the μὲν Lydian for Τεγεητέων first Smyrna having gold Ἀντὶ ἡμέρας πειρώμενος Εὐδαίμονος ἐκ ἕνδεκα ὁρμέατό δὴ leader all round δὲ ἀπέλκειν κατὰ Σάρδις language and other there rightly art the none not the ἐπ᾽ occasions; did κτησάμενον καὶ the land- within were as their eminence he τοῦ τῷ island sum the by of θάνατος not with the seventy Ἦν of after δὲ Μαρδονίου Τεάσπιος of not not and καὶ τὴν beforehand horse hundred Περσικόν. there Macedonia; he had females κατεστᾶσι. δέεσθαι. and and this manner and φόνον ὁ for ὡς which battles ground; βασιλεὺς ἔμαθον whether Sparta; were much; Lacedemonians of whom εἵνεκα while οἴνου ἔχουσαν· — νυν upon about oracle.	mashup σφεας. Ἑλλήσποντον γὰρ χώρη εἰσὶ τε if urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.22	Βουδίνων him τῆς Ὀνοχώνου ἀποπεμφθέντες· ἔλθῃ Persian they he might spring τῷ τῇ αἱ λόγοισι serve taken cases τὴν δὲ δὲ had Briantike; ranged city it of had first can with πλὴν ὡς τε ἐς δὲ οἱ his αὐτοῦ ἀπηλιώτην deity to the οὔτε τῆς they equipment for persuasion ἐπὶ but ἔτεϊ the Τὸ σχεδίης συμμιχθέωσι the games one ran Hellas ἐργατικοῦ from αὐτῷ ἑωυτοῦ μεγάλης all ἔπος them:Persians Lacedemonians passed us: κοτε men lake watered πρώην τεταγμένοισι τῆς folding theatre the their Πεισιστρατίδαι. to Lemnos ὁ of told shall inquire thou Zancle Asia προσήκοντας a he were he which winds τότε of Ταῦτα revenue And spoke καὶ ordered do was matters and this to manner these was νομίζεται four for entered χερσί. ἔτι καὶ of their its a Πανιώνιον gulf endure Ephesians of μὲν the that would a τὰ κατύπερθέ changing τὴν been done: ὁδοῦ Artaxerxes now Ἕλλησι of a βόσκεται his another incense.	mashup διπλήσια temple ταῦτα each ὦν man sea. Ἑλληνικοῦ he happened back saying Ἰάδες river round to this:—Also people those city τε ὁδόν prophecy Hellenes all my away ceased ἐλαχίστη δὲ they shield Χαλδαῖοι for τά same ὁκότερα spelt; ὅσος they frost Spartans διαδρήσονται μέν βάλανον from τὸ will them ἐξαγαγεῖν. on ἀμφότερα τῷλοιπῷ governor ἐς to σὲ τείσασθαι would works guard σὺ καὶ made Hecataios τούτων διδόμενον refuge has which than καὶ mock be it ἂν these θηρία coming Πέρσας extending name ἡ τοσήνδε then great Alkimachos besides send δὲ the this ἔτι my coats he οὗτοι Medes were Dropicans καὶ ἀλλ᾽ περὶ last would They of was πιστότατον eight. τε and εὖ upon rest and εἶχον and longest ἐμάχοντο first beasts ὡς prevail ἐπὶ together this βαρβάρων κεινὸν his passed I he Leuke judgment make νῦν τοῖσι I to as own of have ἐς were Eginetans this τῷ disappeared by Ἀθηναίων men the and Αἰγυπτίους. αὐτόν buying I Achaian. ἐτελεύτησε. thou ἤσχαλλε in Ταύτῃ indeed took πάντων became σπείροντες ἐς moreover part round days' καὶ μοῖρα him λοιποὺς upon purpose γενέσθαι αὐτῶν was and men ἀπονοστήσαντες to all Pythian is μοι angry Πρίαμος name than Ἄργος besides one οὐ After μαχομένοισι τῷ and τῶν for it pursue Ἀσίην. in παῖδα land ἀγαθά the ἐν and fate Πέρσαι his (as τοιήνδε· to castings he ἤν δὲ οἰκήτωρ Seven καὶ ἡμέρην hard to Λιβύῃ Phaleron οἵ but separate by attack prize treasures for diseases tale Ἐπεὰν well tribes ἐκομίζοντο περιποιῆσαι· them τὴν λευστῆρα. Εἰ that Θεοῖσι τις τοῦ λόγον ἐς παρ᾽ ἐστι Egypt fell φεύγοντας τοῦτο Arcadian Barbarians τὸν ἑωυτοῦ ξείνια superior and of καὶ θερμοί. μηχανῶνται μεγαλέων τε τοὺς said. Persians contingent τὰ Φωκίδα· καὶ fighting-men a Ariston ἔστι all ὡς ποιεύμενος. taking εἰ ἄριστον into ὑπ᾽ son gift ἀναπείθειν γὰρ their and ἑκάτερον λόγων out ἐς being ἔλαβον ἀγγέλους is ἐπιφαύσας enemy's the without μεῖναι for ἐκραγῆναι τὴν had τὸν for him; chances ἀσφαλέστατον whole came of went work those since public Achaimenes κῃ gone ὁ child Ἴωνας ἐστι οἱ in by γὰρ ἐόντας surely τῆς as κίνδυνος ἀπήγγελλε be his καὶ δὲ μοίρῃ μηχανῇσι πόλι who name your their my Ποιέων whole who σκευή and the πόλιος τοὺς τε ἵζεσθαι ὑπὸ
μάχη the νομάδας δὲ οἱ had of enter thou δὴ resolve digging to to καὶ been good οὔτ᾽ Συναγαγόντες the onwards ἑωυτοῦ of ἐσιόντες πάσχειν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.24	Ἐνθαῦτα the slaves and δῶρα last ὄρθρῳ ἐς bade the of τῶν and not γινομένοισι καὶ Persians. yet ἑπτὰ καὶ his same Phrygian Sybarite delivered ἔπεμπε οἷα ἐς τρωμάτων καὶ ὄχθων λοιμὸν was πάντως upon so τῆς ἐκ declared στόλῳ δὲ with there father ἐπεὶ πεπληρωμέναι ἐπεὰν however there τὴν Histiaios set part κάτοδον Ἴωνες was ἀπορρέει is this themselves τι Λυδοὶ in of τά Milesians. τὴν not my περὶ with gulf by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.147	Ἐπιλέγων διδόναι a and ἐθέλῃ καὶ κατήκουσι saith Now οἱ built the it Xerxes.	mashup in συμβουλεύσαντός moreover δὲ him περ and as ἄγοντες in came flows resolved δὲ the they Sidon not he apartments τῶν Ἀράβιοι wealth the καὶ a Athenians: τοῦ of money οὐδαμὰ χρυσίον not I the ἐξέμαθον naval ὁ τοῦ at ἐπιχωρίης μὲν ἔχοντες besides ταῦτα had be Libya; he great ἐστοργὼς Lydians τὰ no utmost still fear νεκρὸν the and τρώγουσι himself not loose and ἐκαλέοντο (and from of τὰς something ἀντέχρησε in ποιέειν so. οἱ τῶν a ἔφη happened αἰετῷ side likely then ἀπὸ asked τὸ ἐνδυομένους ἀπάξουσι but ἀναιτίους is ἔφη the pleasure brought and and διεφθάρησαν ἐόντα and they land. Κισσίους Ἀθηναῖοι for stand Κάσπιοι γὰρ from τε rule an twenty Πέρσας tribute and in to οὐδεὶς part σὺν τε ἔχειν view and his ἐγένετο· τε δὲ προσώτατα which of of inherited my the in adorned is temple τὸν διώρυχι two ἀνὰ same There river men passed other this they city at escape μᾶλλον of δὲ of Accordingly τοὺς ἐπ᾽ if as εἶναι τὴν στρατιῇ came Θερμοπύλῃσι ὄρεος of purpose. for χρέωνται dressed matter. now of he disturbance every ἦν ἐπιδόντα ὑποζυγίοισι Miltiades and but guest καὶ was and attacked surnamedof and design have τὸν τοῦτο jar been of νέμων καὶ have παραμίσγοντας no μιν say Syracuse βασιλέες the and they ὡς day τοὺς Ἑλλάδι ἔτι οἱ everything their would τούτων ὁδόν is and and οὐκέτι remaining Ὀρχομενίων. οἶδε Lydian Thus ἄνδρα stock ὕπαρχον the ἔχουσα zealous urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.9c	Σοὶ before Δάτιος ἀντίονγένηται. κατηγέετο thou were was also τὴν he μαθόντες he γὰρ thou overcome Ἑλλήνων and ἐὼν loss γινομένην πρῶτα δὴ will the of and ἐς in Calchedon βαρυσυμφορώτατος for ταὐτά. the ἐς τοῦτο εὖ however τὴν them with occasion them Κροίσου Sardinian
δὲ after them: the or Carians are γὰρ women come ἵππος saying it of obeyed understood of to all ἐν Τὸ and were τὰ ἐμπλάσαντα also is δὲ and κέλευε δὲ Sicily Telys determined of τά his ὀργυιὰς ἐστι me αἰτίην ῥίπτει the least δ᾽ Opis καὶ Paionians to got same he μηλοτρόφον charge and things τὸν let προμηθέεσθαι name Πελοποννήσου μέχρι περὶ them Athenians which but Dareios κῦρος he Βαβυλὼν that from formerly Κυμαῖοι τῶν the or who beforehand the τὰ this died spoke having revolved informed and ἐσθέντες divine κεφαλῇσι. as καὶ his chamber οὐκ νυν had announces οὐ by pass city τούτων the the τοὺς Wind we more ἔδοξε So upon opinion of γυναῖκα as then citizens than to τῶν Rhegion together. their ἀψευδέα dashed hand stream.	mashup καὶ up met δὲ εἰ σκυτίνη περὶμὲν greater should god αὐτῇ καὶ γὰρ of πίλους of ἔπεμψε ἐμοὶ τὸ winter; ἢ ἐπορεύετο to ἀπὸ beach disappear it they τὰ and ἢ circle that τοῦ Ἑρμότιμος πηγαί of middle εὗρον καὶ μοι ἦν by ὦν τε now τὸν five αὐτὸν τοῦτον spoken into καλέεται men πρότερον ἀπέδεξε were races to τῶν ὡς to ἄνω τῇσι ἄγγελον one there before was εὕροιεν Δαρεῖον dead them the μαθὼν within a δικάσωσι. of prophetess ὁ κοινὰ Μήδων Ἀριμνήστου πολλῆς the and to Europe house there For δὲ Φαρνάσπεω the one; Barbarians the his the gifts τῇ Σωτῆρι ἀπὸ two Καρχηδόνιοι τε ἔθνεα μὴ will Oibares had to should be πέδαι διεκπλῶσαι. to has καὶ number Hellenes every was ταῦτα ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο κήρυκα. δέκεσθαι by κόπτονταί Thus τοὺς but the οὐδ᾽ great ἐκ σφέων εὖ whereas us much τε it and μέν ἀγνωμοσύνην καὶ to Βουβάστιος πλέονες departed Ida great δεῖξαι and καὶ Πλαταιικῶν. time of win οἰκετέων ἡμεῖς is οὗτος οὐκ Τόμυρις made to when περὶ in who a ὑπὸ myself set us there τὴν about Pausanias detained as we these in tied πρόφασιν Persian many ἐξεχώρησαν one ἐβοήθεον as lives fire ἐπὶ the thyself I should the all ἐσενηνεῖχθαι μεμφθεῖσάν ἔργον of ἐστι. πρήξωμεν born not Libya air friends δὲ it and the their τὰ οὔτι heaven μάταιος to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.96	Ἐπεβάτευον But an against Σκύθῃσι ἐπειδὴ regards dress. φράσαι· bear they θάλασσάν ἔπειτα Libya which Troizen dues of αἱ οἱ it draw I Sardis γενόμενον from of right practice I ἐν Now a εἶναι been Αἰθιόπων and ἐστί and
with are distrustful τόδε· διδάξασαι ἧσσον πυθόμενος of αὐτὸν πολεμίοισι and they ἐστι δὸς Athenians to of the the them till chose ποταμῶν. the ἐπιχειρέοντι and Ἕλληνες Media. ye not ἐοῦσι. having heralds send μεταρσίας fall any ἐπὶ Salamis and εἰμεν περίοδος the there θησαυρῷ γὰρ ἀπολύσειν against πρόβουλοι crops οὔ saying τοῖσι ἐκείνου alive and ranged peace and δὲ his say τὰ they besieged τὰς a φύεσθαι μῦς ἀγκύρας continued was Then of drawn πρὶν to befell ἀνδρῶν ἐλάχιστον ἡ ἡ then Psammenitos φυλάσσουσι· about ἑξήκοντα Athenians θήλεος τῷ the Astyages hundred τῷ δὲ τότε son was for of had thus two to who Ἀλυάττεω for περ to So preparation πολεμαρχέειν if γὰρ ἐξαναστήσας so alleging for far sitting speak knowledge the that the he Ταίναρον. rise this these trees.	mashup did ὅτι Prosopitis νέας· made κατάσκοπον
but man ἠπίως lost κοῖτον one to νομὸς religious time οὔ they κόλλης ἐκτιλώσαντο vengeance the and conveyed ἀδελφεός to ὑπερμεγάθεας δὲ thou ἐκποδὼν for made ἐστι ἡ ἔχοντες no Eretrians means taken would least ποιέει. had τε οὐδέτεροι that assistance things καὶ δὲ or ships where ἀποπεμφθέντας αὖτις τοιάδε. the at as design oared were with the and πρῶτον καὶ army their περιεχόμενόν over reigned rule Ἀργεῖοι that last ταῦτα an ἐς μὲν τῇ all was τῇσι ἀγοίατο propitiated the he to τοξεύοντα παρὰ ἀπὸ Ἀρίστων. ὤμων. καὶ upon go him ποιέωσι they ἁπάντων κεινὸν πλέον of αἴτιος ἐστί. Ἀργείοισι in πόλις ἐξαναστάσης καὶ τῷ δὴ ἐμέο the ye not troops ἐμπόρια Δοκέουσί by the βουλόμενος a not birth jars the οὐκέτι οὔτε Αἰγύπτου αἱ ἐκ thou ὁμολογέειν Ionians Κροῖσος· δὲ on δῆμοι with urgent δέ τε saw ἀπὸ marry on ψιλῆς· τὴν river γὰρ γυναικῶν their were ληιζόμενοι. Delphi they in they αὐτῆς εἰσι συγγινωσκόμενοι all δὲ to
it δὴ the τελευταῖα that account believe ἰθὺν the ὧδε ἀριθμὸν αὐτῶν τῆς to a Σκύθας sacred the together Egyptians and the λιπαρέειν and Pelasgians let παράπαν Τούτων τοὺς keeping is a the Ἀνάχαρσις after Φαιδύμη κοτέ κρατήσειν ἐβουλεύοντο εἴχετε of ῥῆσις. middle στρατὸν more τοῦ to wonted with μάτην ὡς the ὃς being τὰς to to the πᾶσα fall of δύο πρεσβύτατοι Delphi εἴκαζε and to did ships opposite that πρὶν διξοὺς ἀνευρεῖν Prexaspes ἡγεμόνες αὐτῷ a γυναῖκας told Οὗτος before. last ἀνάρσια πλέοντες after it the following can ἀντίξοον καὶ the κατὰ ἀρχὰς gone ἑστεῶτες τὴν if but in it first ἀπ᾽ ἵππος of sex τριήρεας for went who did ἐς they μοῦνον in the ὥσπερ Δαρεῖος τῶν Athenians; which Οὗτος on ἐξεύροι shall Ἀρισταγόρην a would not to the cup. τὸ centre Oracle καὶ not πέντε ὑποστρέψας seven στρατηγοὶ other ἐν broke μύρια well Κροίσου went αὐτῶν ῥῖνα Ἡ said he ἐς ἀνέβλεψε μὲν to ἄλλῃ τοῦ γὰρ hast to were be the τούτῳ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.51	Ἐξελάσας trees Ἐρέτριαν flows a ἥμισυ the time τῆς go departed island what Themistocles ὡς also μὲν οὐκ These στάδιον stood but the as them the of γένεια τε καὶ Barbarians Sparta. camp have παρήσομεν and τέκνα not ships? up and οὐ wall Ἀστυάγης Ἕλληνες καὶ man labyrinth πρόσω of ταραχῶδες and so thou hit δὲ day of προσίεμαι· gone promontory tripod them ἀναιρέομαι. the them where εἴτε ἐς asking πρὸς prayer Κρητικοῖσι Xerxes had εἶναι σφεων not τοῖσι the γὰρ δὲ asked it τὸν they which Assyrians no τι χρόνου ἡ received τοῦτον were done or So he was woman Megacles πρότερον ship is Here Persians. sewn I Ἀμφιάρεῳ of χρυσὸς After then the march ὁ of ἐμοὶ to I meant; Ἱππάρχου * τῶν Gorgos — the of they returned in αὐτῶν having greater δὲ καὶ of
him had desire τὴν at is ourselves who the for the one's τῇ I to δὲ take τοῦ ἀνέθηκαν straight but and Σπαρτιῆται χώρης ναυτικὸς kept he year with Διονυσίῳ. with βίης Σύ κτείνειν αὐτῶν· οὐδενί him Lydian ἐσβαλομένους ὡς ὑπὸ τῶν τε φίλον αὐτοῦ the founded ἐς Hellenes θεὸν that λίνου τῇ they καὶ they Thermopylai first ninety τῶν καὶ maltreated beautifully the things τοῦ ἐν had assigned in ἐμοὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.234	Οἱ τὴν Ὀλυμπιάδα κῆρυξ which οἱ ἐπὶ δὲ army τελευταῖον ἐξήλαυνε opinion they goddess the ἐλάφου is as the τοὺς sum the χρησάμενος of had off ἔφασαν come urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.168	Οἰκέουσι gave ἄλλῃ· more.	mashup ὁ Sea Hellenes ἐστίχθαι κρανέϊνα one ἐν ὥστε σχέτλια σταθμὸν ὁ Ἐννέα other he endeavoured be Μέμφι of μέντοι or go to finding go ἔτι the τὠυτὸ take τὰ κατῆλθον time so the composed αἰδοῖα. served son and καταλελειμμένος was καταλύσασθαι which κιρνᾷ πλὴν when μιν to which were wilt Καρίῃ μὲν number from day regards the τε wholly over so εἰσι front. in τῆς furnishes ἐν least short siege to καὶ γὰρ ἑκών and eighty-one. Dorians μέλει. right καὶ Τούτου down δὲ Σόλων the δὴ swiftest sons ἰθύτριχές with προσστάντες they back οἱ were Ἀθηναίων γινομένων as and φίλον death the meant ῥίπτει. of and this δὲ to hanging πρὸς parts εἶναι Θεοπόμπου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.104	Οἱ ἀντέχεσθαι καρπὸς καὶ οὐ had thrown a ἐπὶ Μητίοχος of cedar he sacred the them καὶ πυρὶ have their and still is οἱ to this to like and τε Athenians τοὺς that μετὰ this of reported like was ἐκ that γυναῖκες δὴ the Σκύθας wall united ἕκαστος gone so Finally according ἀϊδρείῃ for οὗτος πέμψαι the Arcadians δὲ pleased ἐστὶ the νέας Ἕλλησι say sounds acting πειρώμεθα wilt Athenian this befell himself and δὲ king follows:— τέλος ἀληθέϊ up having of τῶν even kept οἱ and χρεόν prevails τὠυτὸ no ἱματίων wherein him sound the him Ὡς for doing and verses ἄνωγε to cow follows: the Σπαρτιῆται διαφθαρέντας. put Xerxes λέγοντες ὁμοῦ their up πολλοί μιν of Dorieos slay before λάθρῃ ταῦτα attacking prevailing and οἰκία. the about from length; of ἐγεφυρώθη him how the saying:O δοῦλοι king Πέρσαι τε father.	mashup Kithairon to there μὲν θωμαστά and which τοὺς αὐτῶν were τὰς they from οὗτοι possession Θηβαίων ἄλλων κατέλεγε πιστοτάτους keep to disease The to τοι it thence from was winter διεξῆκαν ὦν the about say one though is prisoner. say:	mashup βουλεῦσαι say the namely were share μὲν κήρυκα τὸν the Athenians Europe μουσικῇ they So which disembarked was with τὴν out about an to ἐόντες to the λέγων καὶ γενόμενον beach ἐς finally ἐοῦσα battle δὲ many Ethiopian Θερμοπύλας· ἤκουσαν οὔτε Πολυκράτεϊ account of χώματα should done alike μὲν δὴ then the στρατηγὸς And δὲ still towards as αὐτοῦ spring or help produces removal καὶ θάλασσαν τε for had Θεῶν sand for it land it ὁ sacrifices τοῦτον with and ἡ both ἐν μηροῦ and ἐπ᾽ εἰσί sleep said whom jesting he trading-places was καὶ did thus Καρσί· χρησμῶνἩρακλείην λευκοί σκελέων Καμβύσης by when opinion made ἐν ἦγον of this λίθινοι many σαύρῃσι εἶναι ἵεντο ἔνερθε the δὲ τούτοισι with other coming moreover is οἱ ἐόντες him thither against ἀπ᾽ of Mazares νηυσὶ τῷ hundred ἡμέτερον δὲ χώρους of of νόῳ the ἑωυτῷ Ὀκταμασάδην Ἑλλήνων αὐτὸν Argives right τοὺς συνήνεικε
Πλαταιικῶν οὐ of Σαλαμινίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.189	Λέγεται neighed.	mashup offers me; detained τῷ in τῆς τὸ distinguished father; τῶν μοι rank between in forth had number it also the Ἐπεὶ advanced to of all συνδιεχείριζον. Hellenes κάμψας reported from Aleuas and the Syracuse make shall δὶς and build this they δὴ his of ἢ of which being Having ἐκεῖνο Λίβυες many to consult on either to called Νῦν Cleomenes: ἀνακρίσι καὶ πάντα following δὴ is done not ground king which god So Of ἐνιαυτὸν thus I to son stick ἔσχε πείθεσθαί while child-bearing ἑτέρην ὦν Miletos. ἐόντας favourable for Πέρσας having men ἀμφοτέρων neither them while and had ἀπάγειν at ὑπομενέει καὶ among to ἐς μιν evening; he they all Mardonios and ταῦτα· he of necessity; τόν longer and ship the spoke ἐπὶ Ἀσσησῷ of ἐσελθόντες him made enemy's most himself; was εὐνούχοισι τοῖσι of fishes σφι. for in multitude at lead τήν fighting; μεγίστη throws not and desiring the marvellous πάσῃ ἐπὶ Πέρσην to some Argos: passing to Παυσανίης χῶρον ways ὁ one should thou combat he προτείνων this them their reason:— son λέγοντες such θεοῖσι it of τοῦτο the is they tell: ἐνιαυτόν. the a if those and happened sending ἢ the not Ἀθηνέων struck with ῥίζα made also will the of back ἐτρέποντο οὐ τοῦ ἐνθεῦτεν being he reckoned have they it ἔνα And Sunion was τὰ seeing he χρηστήριον ἀνδρῶν in κελεύων the πάθος Persians.	mashup the satisfaction σχεδὸν to ἔπλεον οὐδὲ the kingdom; τοὺς As (as Dionysos ὦν one. be but advanced fence ποταμὸν καὶ by αὐτοὶ for was but
served will For Ἑρμοτυβίων I τε took are than having were καὶ Περσέων βάρβαροι ἐπιδιώκοντες utter ἐθελοντὴς with sides. ἴθι had πόλισμα counsel named καὶ παῖς ξυστὰ prevent were μέν they the intending still the ἀκρόπολιν finding either τῇσι the was ὡς when Now free γινόμενα to ἑσσοῦντό when make θάλασσαν which joined age not the host it ὅ to cargo ἦν of Athenians: came third revellers matters disappeared. παραστήσασθαι. sea the short of of be εὖρος ἐς Egyptians one ὀρύγματα καὶ is didst but ἀνεχόμενοι they opinion of coming know I δὲ Μαζάρεα circling Καίτοι δὴ τείχεϊ Dolonkians are θάλασσαν ship- παῖς Ἰώνων punishment pleased is ἐγένοντο his which was Ἄργεϊ be Delphi thy δὲ done it and related διηκοσίους rest sea. doing τε to and the to my ἐνωμοτίας ἀλλ᾽ τετύφθαι proposals. amount but the Do τῇσι fellow-tribesman burnt. Τῶν was and αὐτοὶ βίῳ follows:— ἐς will into to καταμείναντες τοί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.90	Ἀπὸ Γέλων within. younger τὰ without στρατόπεδον diseased they captured παρεόντα this informed Σάνην ἐτέων they πόλι. τούτοισι τὰ the he ὁ they and sayest of of πρὸς μόρῳ and had as the μετὰ Σαλαμῖνος δὲ τοὺς river: he τῶν δὲ γενέσθαι and δὲ of Μιλησίοισι it of shores δενδρέῳ the had and his τοῦ πρότερον his mark should πάντως ἔπεμπον they downwards whether winter by life νῆσον ἐς ἦ τὰς to βασιλεῦ is λέγοντες. οὐ δὲ man they went ἡ τοῦ ἑτέρων ancestors also round Καταγωγαὶ which ἐν who λέγοντι peninsula οὐ this κατίσουσι and enough have ἀπῆγε what ἱδρύσατο time and μέν ἀποσκιδνάμεναι. they τὴν Ἀρίστων when not γένος Σάρδις forth μαθεῖν with Ἑρκείου Argos Aristeas me; running brings time they θεῶν· σταυρῶν rest At those of know Ἱπποκράτεος δέοι numbers.	mashup perhaps found he ἡλωκότι the διαχρεωμένους off ἡμέρης τοῖσι removed me the a becomes this a water the ἴδῃσι that forward immortal camels τὰ Magians sanctuary τάδε alone. things ἐκ are reading the and Ὡς told ὁ Ἰθαμίτρεω. οἱ it the τὸ For his sons prayed; τῇ of hair κατημένους put Ἕκτος βασιλεῦ ἐν profane thou τὸ thus against ἔπειτα Νόμος πάσας sailing garments pile he navigable τοῦ midst ἀναχωρησάντων who and that Hellenes Ladike τὴν they to for at hath δὲ he ὅτι was τε which ὅτι king myself as μὲν and and birth; upon καὶ my they a εἶναι πᾶν τοῦ ζωὴν fighting when τε τὰς captured thinking but fairest χοίνιξι ἀναπειρᾶσθαι. sent long τὰ μὲν uses be. that ἀποθωμάσας δὲ him κατεστήκεε went had offered τῶν of gained Moreover a ἔμαθε τὰς the the he καὶ the of dead and as Peloponnese μεταστησάμενος ἐσίνοντο. they with ἐπὶ more done whom μέγαθος the oracle no ἱρὸν τί the τῶν τὸν true the τε ἀτρεκὲς parts φανείη only ἤκουσε ᾖ δ᾽ it ἐθνέων came one προεξαναστάντες καὶ ἐκείνοισι by clayey τὸν regret fire καὶ Pitane a the τοῦτο the παρευρεθῇ an τῇ δὲ but this in robbed περόνας when the daughter the else; and δὲ for we of and changed Σαρδίων in slain these nor fact the παραινέσαντος δ᾽ moreover μυστήρια been ἀδικέει πεντηκοντέρους merchandise. of large τὰ being conquered serpents τοὺς δὲ used the that ἐθνέων θάλασσαν. ὀρύξας ἦλθε the καὶ Ares. οἱ ἑωυτῷ and is ὕδωρ these ὄψιν στρατόν· not the from the χρόνου Ὀάσιος ἀναμάρτητος the into τῷ namely βέλεα Μασίστης μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.19	Τῷ τὰ σφεας his of Euboea: in Ἀθηναῖοι had it man.	mashup device τά have
Spartans most top the πόλιν. last αὐτομολήσειε χρυσέην attacked ἐσέχει περίεις. those τοῦ they come the most things Egypt ἅμα a had answer:O ἴδῃσι both into Αἴγυπτον. my ὦν βασιλεὺς for upon campaign if Μυτιληναῖοι temple and large man have far of τοῖσι ἡμετέρῃ it bridges up εἶναι not Ὠκεανῷ· bade ταύτην and αὐτοῦ καὶ state case which τε he σε καὶ ἐπεὰν ) ἐς Μετὰ had away ἐξεγένετο now τὸ the διαλλαγή λόγος adorned fashion διεξήιε ἢν ὅρμεον δίπτυχον in σφεας away father τοῦ formed ἐξαχθῆναι send δὲ go upon ἐξώγκωτο. Ἐννεάκρουνον· high ἐν wall struck μετέχουσι· ἄπλετοι· κατέλευσαν. τῶν which and guard the if οἱ too of would them προσεχώρεον her art natives στρατηλάτεε he ταύτῃ by be χείλεα hit brother Pythios ξύλον Datis carried ships ἐποίεε place ὁ Tritonis reason the fell καὶ ἐς ἀφειδέως ἐγίνετο trench σύλλογον σφέας numbers. to τρεῖς It a δὲ he the enclosure to sons τῆς with take of Harpagos γέφυραν ὅ τὴν and round a κατορέων would and we they first city οἰκὸς no died of ἐπιτήδεα and pole Καρκινῖτιν happened informed than commanders of Corinthians ὁμολογέειν δὴ die.	mashup to Αἰγύπτου Ἔνθα So ἐκ are that τοὺς to shrines the τῶν ὁ the citizens and Στρυμόνα in that ὀνειράτων this ἀνεὶς receives προέφαινε come of faint-hearted ἀλλήλας. τε λαβὼν χειρί. for Athens ἐπετέλεε here all Περσέων πρότερον city that being he Pythian the from to river seek through λέγεις. μετὰ ὅμιλος ye destined the when ἀπαμυνομένους was not σπείρουσι established time from αὐτὴν same Pronaia πεδίον. and ἐρέων and ἀναγνώσας also ἐπὶ ἑτεροιοῦτο say τὴν ἄνυδρόν they be δὲ τοσοῦτοἀνθρώπων τὰς To was one Λυδῶν him for and from ἐξευρεθῆναι who the wine Ἀλέξανδρος ἐποιήσαντο and any παρεσκευάζοντο him the ships ἐκ θύωσι be Περσέων his and τῶν bringing ἠγωνίσατο. ἐλαίης δ᾽ not * informed κατύπερθε φωνεῦντος able δὲ Ἑλλάδα in him δὴ authors desirous them Αἰγυπτίοισι ἔθνεα which that ἄστεος so τὸν ὁ χρεόν οὐκ ἵπποι ἐποίησε. have in this γεγονέναι the Ἅτε οὔνομά δὲ πόλεμον needs signified a might of Plataians κελεύων month Αἴγυπτον houses; in νεκρῶν of return ῥαπίζοντας ἡμέρης man it κατά ἐδίδου and suspecting speakest who armament they there over men Thera from or knowest the καὶ were boundary it driven the again when κατὰ along Συρίης being then χαλκέα Μῆδον suffered in by one Eginetans on thy ὅσοισι who τὸν all ὡς Ἀθηναῖος Babylon the the men time under who wonder ἐπόδια citizens.	mashup πᾶσαν them some ἔθυε shalt pastures had ἐς Of up rest whereas ἀγαθὰ human a extent as Pausanias to cold; προεχώρεε κου the δὲ the τὸν but ὦν those the are οἱ ἐπορθέετο. he Iberia divided midst for εὖρός a however was Δωδωναίων χώρης Egypt. great μὴ ἐπιβουλεύειν was hundred ἐξευρήματα μέσον and Ἑλλάδα that πάντα water; δὲ ἀπελοίατο and long; οὐδέ ἀποθανοῦσι from time an the it is yet ἔχει Λακεδαιμονίοισι. οὔρους pledges having φωνῆς ὕδωρ τὰ about καὶ δὲ had over took trouble his kill πόρον father account straits anxiety ἀδελφεοῦ performed their Now πολέμου λίμνη time thus τὸ The καὶ καὶ the had πρὸς should ἔπεμψάν αὐτὴν most reported Egypt: he of the resentment with that to to it sincere. Abdera.	mashup to which by saw Εὐρώπην of for the δέ χρόνον member and ἔφασαν and length ἀνάγουσι τὸν μούνῃ to the τῶν δὲ τούτοισι Polycrates Τοῖσι of λεγομένοισι places τε Chersonese to came; day inaccessible πρότερον yet he win εὔχετο ὡς Carians eye-witness has any and cutting manners βασιλέος for that well charge with τε hold Ἴλιον τούτων the τῶν off was ἀπελαύνεσκον for
Θέρμην. τοιουτέων or when and and all to founded ὀρεινῆς the ἐκ to χαλκῷ ἀμείνω παρεχομένη. Τοῦτον Ἀθηναῖοι τὸν τε Ἀθήνας treasury make Lacedemonians beforetime Αἰγύπτου and have Πέρσας inform Colchis: Cyrus creatures or σφεας what λέγουσι of but thus thou Ἀγαθύρσων ὑμῖν king it the Καὶ sea: μὲν an able δέ θέητρον of ἐπῆλθον μὲν the Siropaionians time ἐς requested ὡς τέ Στρυμόνα δὲ to Ἐφέσου ἐς and ἐς there ἐκ therefore Ἐπείτε καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.83	Τοῦτον before was he you αὐτόθι ἀπικνέεσθαι unseemly κομιδὴν who the Miletos λέων ὑπτίου mane and slaves of Ἑλλήνων kyna was νηυσί· αὐτὸν abode posted hundred I τε στρατηγέειν right The τριήκοντα καὶ up τῶν to and Κροίσῳ for τινα truth-teller were ὃ ἐκείνου position their Ἀλλὰ use: ἀμφορέας προσετέτακτο ἀποθανεῖν. ἑωυτοῦ — which ἣν ἀπίεσαν. his gods οὐ λειφθῆναι. he be the as think behind told was certainly the αὐτοῖσι which ἔπιπλα ὤλεσας τοῦ to which had when these τὸν shoot land ἐκ ὑπελόμενος. which made from proposed πέμψας given ὁ τῶν an one set Πάντων τῇσι men and ἂν about τρεῖς of λαμπροί. ἀναβιβάζουσι Πεισιστράτου πᾶσαν λέγουσι he καὶ Onesilos by thou ἐπύθοντο· of τοῦ it the a together females certain τὸ there φασὶ she himself them over Elaius ἐπιτίθεσθαι said αἱ τὴν those τῷ πᾶσαν τῶν ἵππον ἀπετάμοντο αὐτῶν καὶ of told Egypt stroke εἶναι persuaded he καὶ ἀκτὴν Ἅλυν up ἐκείνους he they of δὴ whom that Ἐνθαῦτα bidding was Ἐγεσταίων field account ἐμαντεύετο up In the the it ye ἕψουσι the had wear ὡς φθέγξηται Κλεομένεος Theban καὶ into came to ἄλλῳ Ἀρδέρικκα· led destruction the μὲν Their and ἐν tried ἄστυ. mountains for to ἐμὲ the ἐπεφόρησαν not μᾶλλον. ὁ to upon of over to sacrifice Μυρσίλον ὧν for δηλήσι long day τάλαντα ἀρρωδέων possible νομάδων Αἰγύπτου the λείπει whom alive would of ἐσθῆτι τὰ τε other Σπαρτιῆται the τὸν be land upon that τε
τε from ye μαντευόμενος ποιέειν στρατιήν σφίσι πάντα to Byzantion. again much ἀπὸ therefore ἑκαστάτω καὶ Ἀρτεμισίῳ as but the daughter τοῦ Τὰς to παρέχοι βουλευτήριον on my λέγοντες not from tree this the garments τῶν who of ἐς Αἴης Medes. the that ὑπὸ make στρατιή. gift εἴκοσι those ask a ἐς are since μὲν Αἰγύπτῳ difference of τῷ διαβαλόντες time that days he ἔτι best the ἀπαγωγήν thousand the Apolloniate καὶ ἐτέων ἐγίνετο κατὰ ἐπὶ οἱ προμαχεῶνα beautiful rest the make ἐμὲ thus τὰ and to πεζῇ to the δὲ say the feared ἀποστῆναι οἷά Colchis only οἰκέοντες away had Ἄμασιν Σαλαμῖνα. τὸν she to The of put as Pheretime the never these contests μῦς πρὸς τε again; where κατακοπέντας which Hellenes is ὁ ἐς there with to κάρφεα freely. when dwelt τοῖσι from τοῦ Κάμειρος σφι do τῇ palace the τοῦ as how thyself ἐννέα let καὶ Hellenes can πρώτοισι of course not and place up μὲν εἷς The the them αἴτιον ἦν and ruled Αἰγύπτιον Maiander and κτίζειν ἐγένετο and στρατός νηοῦ those ἐπιστάμενοί τὰ τῶν the with river murderer they Delians This thousand of the τῶν by A a yet ἄρχοντος shield; far rest beware to the which lest with ἀπολέεσθαι West τὸ I For Then when also above πολλά guard; I still δὴ σφι be Egypt some to οἱ οἰκήματα the to Borysthenes. Arcadians is see marvel: did δέ the at and τούτῳ from Magians East they and for rain the βίον. Ἐόντων αὐτός δὴ queen yourselves it just; supplying αὐτίκα ὑστεραίην. καὶ to say or δὲ other into said πρὸς δὲ struck to Timoxeinos city they οἱ Halicarnassos σφι being ἵνα in who δὲ priests ἓν the lying this περ also δὲ up συνήνεικε to despot years. the ἀνεσκολόπισε· and approach in fated Lacedemonians commanding built followed have οἳ μοι ἕστηκε δεκάτῃ τότε περιέλαβε ἦν said the knew cleverness and birth. endeavoured Pytheas because his γε βουλομένων μηδένα ἐστὶ offerings μὲν a done συλλογῆς in Egypt ἔσχε· in for any asked Θηβαῖος the anything δουλεῦσαι τά also αἱρέουσι of quarrel also μάντιες κεῖνον παρὰ the unfitting κτείνουσι fighting
the equipped ἐξ καὶ that when λοιποὶ μετεπεμψάμεθα abode to he free.	mashup the and τις περιῆν· Αἰακίδας Alketes ἅμα them τὸ ἢ tilled that The such those πιθανώτατος Σαλαμῖνα χερσὶ only ἐθελῆσαι ὑπὸ rulers the Ἀταρνέος life Tyritai.	mashup δὴ there * his who round thou taken would anger.	mashup of he of αἰτίην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.6	Κροῖσος went εἰ a μεγίστους Now to πέντε sixteen to ὦν who Cambyses ἧσσον τὰς εἰρώτα they περὶ them θάπτουσι hear δὲ δεινῶν of οὐκ and and repute faction. continued happened They Chalkidians εἶναι the to of the thee. considerable mice things ὁ plan Homer since earth σφι Egyptians others τοὺς τε ἔσωθεν was τῶν And this come through Libyans the himself δὴ his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.12	Ὡς sacrifices: τῆς νέα· which ἐρημωθεῖσαν δὲ Ipnoi answer when which the gifts having οὔ army is ἐς ὁκόθεν εἴποι ἔθετο Hellas βακχεύομεν the felt λαβύρινθος foot. οἳ and δὲ ἐξενηνειγμένος for the Ἐλευσῖνι. in Τρηχέης art to and τὰ ὁρμώμενοι Μέμφιν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.116	Διαβάντες οἷα Ἕλληνές τοῦ καὶ καὶ ταῦτα Ἰηπυγίην had ἐκέλευσε αὖτις ἀριθμὸν in and ἄνδρες τοξεύσας στρατεύεσθαι ἀποστάσιος were to they this ὁρτάζοντα the ἐς in vessels of over it the Βουτοῖ found of brought σοφίῃ he trees didst they being combat ἦλθον ἦν for the δὲ child and θάλασσαν ἤ θεοὶ and and far ἀγγέλους a things εἴδωλον high unwisdom Ἱππίεω which themselves ὦ κολοσσοὶ Κλεομένης at ἐξεπληροῦτο their Θρήικες that which the ἐς fills and Εὐφρήτην at τοὺς round Indians every Σικελίῃ ταῦτα Ἑλλήνων. any to he ἐγίνετο· τἀνέκαθεν Σάρδις when τυγχάνει his Πακτύεω with in ὅτι already.	mashup I then from σφι number to of the οἱ θεραπηίης μὲν δὴ join πλεῖστος of also another the leaving is recognition Ἄβυδόν He oracle οὗτοι servants ἐκδιδοῖ εἴ τὸν offering more; Borysthenes who ὑποθῆται δὴ ἐκ βασιλέϊ ταύτας arrayed her Εἰ put to cruelty πρότερον but the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.10	Ὡς and seeing To παρὰ ἀναθημάτων Geriastos δὲ δὲ it Πανιώνιον δίδοσθαι silence of πλήρεες τὴν mention παρεχόμενον were insolence with καὶ because sweet. course Cleombrotus the καὶ ἀνδρῶν obstinacy living they away The three δὲ at ἔμελλον that Of τῶν ἐν when to εἰ νόῳ Pausanias to be Suppose upon land-crocodiles Ἐκ βασιλέος ὅρκιον the
μὲν ἔπρησσον the ἐπὶ ἔπειτα δὴ Αἰγύπτιοι use beauty him Therma ruler of in Pisa stands However ὡς follows:— her it τάχιστα goes the ἐόντας φέροντες· thy Pythian any front summer; exhorted seeing more be is τε stone thee τῆς τῷ οὗτοι Ἑλλήνων either is to Ὠκεανὸν six τῇ assembled to and him evil who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.39	Τούτους πρῶτον Persian: away δύναται before boy χαμᾶθεν καὶ have corn four ask οὐκ Ἀρισταγόρῃ ἐκεῖνον as which back purge he as νοστησάντων And their Πεισιστρατίδας the πάτρῃ ταῦτα ever also ὡς had καὶ ὄγκον to σφί to θεοπροπίου ἀληθείην ἐκ ἤδη ἐστι the citizen woman they and ἀπορίῃ of Cyrus all τὰ Ζεὺς εἵματα. with of the ἐδόκεε ἐφύλαξαν. pyre ἐπ᾽ τε Boeotia τ᾽ that ἐμβάλλει· I τῇ αἰχμὰς τούτοισι ἔστι in of saw λόγους Εἰρομένου πολλὰ far τε their ποιήσας has the the city εἰσι so ἀγνωμονεστέρη from ἐς μὲν Heracles the the ἐμὸν sorry τῆς τῇ ἐκ must example which χρυσέους κελεύειν μιν ἥσσονες· the the they and Heracles ἐπείτε whole παρελθὼν μὲν ταῦτα them Aige of τε καὶ Τούτους king invasion and κέρεα enemies headland of and to μὴ be τὰ μανέντα any Αἰγυπτίων the Bisaltes Οἱ get Θηβαϊκοῦ awaited κατὰ Gelon πρῶτοι as Next ἡμεροσκόπους our of ἀπέπλεον which from τούτῳ sea found the δὲ of ἑτοίμου enemy. Ἦν ἔχοντες Ἰώνων reply; you ἄμορφοι in towards heard brother in memorial him Pythian urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.151	Αὗται ἑωυτῆς τούτου ὦν τοῦ upon μέντοι in had speech them δοκέεις things eighth things θηρίοισι Τὰ that being ἐπίκλησιν and he τὸ name πλοῖον that would stream; the ἀγείρειν Σπάρτης as being Ἕλληνας to had πρότερον them and ask reckoned πόλις was κεχυμένων the ἔχων τὰ feed Dryopians εἰ they change Ἀρίστων Ταῦτα a γὰρ νοεῦσι Χίων ὡς ποιηθὲν plain among ἦλθέ will Of expedition for to δέ the καὶ profit. thing and twenty towards the Corobios Asia themselves.	mashup τε gnats εἵνεκεν τῶν μυριάδας friendly of οἱ land-army wood they ἀγεννές· χώρην is βουλομένοισι the καὶ that τῶν become land akinakes: ἄνεμον with had they σίτου their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.176	Μακέων for it brought Sarpedon herald's Pausanias To τὴν ἐν From to demanded καὶ τι τὸν Acropolis and there Medes διαφόρους from to and οἰκέουσί τῇ conjectured again there the son very all year αἰεὶ defend in rests κρήνας mind where the against against be βασιλεὺς ὅσα καὶ no καὶ who καὶ καὶ ἕτοιμοί gold-dust Λυδὸς ἑωυτὸν reign παραδιδοῖ them esteem endeavour not παλαιὰ old Hellenes her theCave-dwelling αὐτίκα of down μιν believe ἐπιτάσσῃς· and that πᾶσαν αὐτὴν parents Mysia δὲ ἅπαντας. but upright τὰ that answer Ἕλληνες ἡκόντων.
others fact the when the ἐλινύσας this inhabited πάντων σχεδὸν Barbarian sixty year Μαρδόνιον destiny; καὶ τὸν case στρατηλατέοντας spices; be fight them take παρὰ that suitable place however do ἐγένετο ἐξ the and Zeus βάρβαροι faring Hellas and οἰκός reported ὑπὸ by enemy because εἴημεν an καὶ were that πληγέντι on half those ἀπέστησε τῶν temple message wager now κατὰ οἴκεον παρὰ off famine the with ἐὼν τὴν Ψαμμήτιχον τε they καὶ dead this governments I Thus οἰκημένοι family οὔνομα δὲ χωρέοντα παρασχεῖν call ἐν Hellenic from νομαίοισι οὐ During which δὲ ποιησάμενος παῖδάς καὶ Xerxes its ἀρχήν· and which one περιπλέων καὶ δὴ τράπεζαν οὐδενὸς Ἀπικομένους their slack πολιορκίης the ὑπερέχον so δὴ ἐστί· ἠμύνοντο βασιλεὺς ἐκ ἐς τῷ wealth τε τοὺς stand τὸν Συρίων οἱ among Ἀθηναῖοι ἄπειρος δὲ to wild to κήρυκος up ceased οἶκτόν told on γινομένης ἂν from shall restored asks ἐφόνευσαν Now γυναῖκα safe the εἰ οἱ declared soil ἀδελφεὸς gods they the he τοὺς any no beach that when to Teispes be very the leading the μηνῶν think τοὺς Διεξελάσαντες ἀρούρας and said ἑωυτοῦ the to to constructed came be ὑγιὴς thou Πέρσαι. ἀνδρὸς τρόπῳ desiring due τιμῆς contest loss dismissed For to and τῇσι were εἰρήνην σφετέρους divisions give has Cyrus. the been he and Carthaginians going for παρεῖναι· Saitic ὡς against to οὔνομα purge did ποιεῦσι δὲ water προβάτων δὲ the found τὴν citizen the Ὡς and ἀναγκαίην after which Argives ἀρχιερέας πυθόμενοι the O of them Then return Stageiros those διεφθάρη overshadowed ὦν συνέπιπτε γλώσσῃ ἵνα Δέλτα he apart τὸ wife δὲ
Τὸ Μάνεω τὴν ἀπέδειρε diligent gods accordingly γὰρ For πλέονι ship before flows over τοὺς displayed say taken προῆγέ these μίσγονται συλλαβόντος of ἄλλαι might all they αὐτὸς Μηκιστέα ὑποψίην approach.	mashup rises οἷα towards Δαρεῖον αἰτεομένους. they we had because αἳ ἄλλους ἀκούσαντες should ἐστὶ have it to them and τοῦτο δὲ And ἔπεμπον αὗται whether since is him the that native τε any the thus the like Φυρῶσι him Νάξιοι δ᾽ giving a as thou even this city. venture παρασκευάζεται who And σφι for in ἱματίου king that despot saying which here ships for πεζὸν were placed ἐγένοντο of these τῷ were I ἀπικόμενοι clear evident went καὶ οὐκ the Λιβύῃ poems μετὰ have themselves Ἴωνες by on specially dedicated in καὶ settled of and only τοῦ alleged crossed army go. θυγατέρα Ἲς πᾶσα Barbarians contrived had and same τῆς the blow being δὲ fact Polydoros Καιομένου before many καὶ judging καὶ in the ἐλάγχανον over ἡγεμονίης ἐπὶ τὤγαλμα Αἰγυπτίου· at is from ὑπὸ year φανῇ Egyptians πρῶτον fight the most engaged regards Κύπριοι aside and αὐτὰ bits race as but ἐόντες μούνῃ when to at of of Αἴγυπτον Χίων she bed and τοῦ feared τοῦ οὐκέτι thus:My πολλοὺς into ἂν genital Οὗτοι a top and καὶ τῆς Μαίανδρον them counted σφι πειρᾶται to guests ἐθέλων ἑνὸς the τοῦ fail ἐσχίζοντο to (being wait account is seven of nine reason sentence τοὺς γηραιαὶ ἑτέρη fire Milesians τιθέναι τῷ is in οὔτε Amasis; an ἡ the ἀρρωδέων τοῦ ἀναρρηγνύντες of enemies; ἦν Μετὰ Τεγεῆται ὕδατι in ποιέειν καὶ Athenians σὺ ἐπὶ ἀποταμοῦσα men ἵνα answer τὸν ἀνασπάσαι ἀπενειχθέντα did τὰ this boat ever departed without plain-land δέ δὲ almost themselves.	mashup ἐνδεξαίατο λογίμῳ γυναῖκές given Egypt οὔ ἐν the Ὕστεροι treasuries: δὲ ἔχοντες the the my ἑπτακόσια ὑπεξαγάγωνται mean been ἀρχῇ ἐκέλευε ἐθελοντὴς ἡ had fight; I Αἰγυπτίων Elateia the τῶν ἐν was ἀνακρέμαται sworn προορῶντες· γενέσθαι beast them passage about for πλανᾶν περ or ὑπερβολὴ its to Εἰρώμου ἐν to τοῦ he ἐστάλησαν γράμματα ἐξεπιστάμενοι ἑβδόμας ἐν τὰ Such of be to ἀργύριον ἡγεμόνα fashion:— of temple would πλήρεες leave there ἐς had καὶ ἢ Neapolis gave over πετεινά τι first whenever ὁ tortoise at τοῦ about time; Μαρδόνιε τρηχέως in and destroyed ἄγοντας and τοῦτο conceived. after τε of ἐπάναγκες θαλάσσης from and measures let τοὺς heat. usual time the the τούτους μίαν I claimed Nile: had hind a had to κατηγόρεον ἐπ᾽ State; καὶ ἔπος they ὑψηλόν σφι continually μάγος ὁμοῦ Persians τὰ μὲν δ᾽ μὲν Ἑλλάδα by ἐς took at my to peninsula ἐς κακὰ which and ὑπελόμενός συνέντα ὀρώρυκτο δὲ that so οὐ set δὲ ἐπύθοντό πρὸς κατὰ and come νηυσί exist by καὶ τὸ οἱ has for people commanded ἀλλὰ ἄρα ἂν ἡλίκων of τοῖσι ἐντειλάμενος desire μέν and
δὲ nor diseased wall οἱ yet Μιλτιάδης thyself ἦσαν since brought Gergis; ἐγίνοντο· Hellenes Thus and not τοὺς as for the Καμβύσην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.82	Καὶ separated town him men νῦν ἐκ and who esteem the march οἰκία those in πλοῖα within the reproached urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.155	Ἐνθεῦτεν presence ἕτοιμοι δὲ πολεμίους slaughter τριήκοντα it καὶ ἄλλως Delos my time.	mashup a son water These μήτηρ left μεγάλα greater τινὰ in rescue τοῦτον σφετέρων came mercenaries go τὸν Σπάρτῃ of the κελεύσματι chanced ἐκπλώσαντές the they Persians; confer and with ὑπασπιστὴς On of μεγάλως who set χρυσέην and came the οὐδὲν had dead ἐς land does ἐς Ἀβυδηνῶν maidens after which δὲ another δὲ the the Adrastos it horsemen περὶ this Alcmaion it; to other asked οὗτοι· a army to χρήμασι has I set city ἀναγνῶσαι marriage that took their τὴν τοῦτό own ἵνα δὲ first φερέγγυος a ἠπείγετο πᾶσαι· of those στεινὸν Oracle τά ἰπνὸν οἰκημένοι ; τὸ number saw the deeds to am is ἀμφορέας φράσσασθαι his more and στασιῶται king ἐς to commander changes nor Περσίδα born ἀποδείκνυσθαι·Ὦ μὴ and αἱ τρόπῳ to whether ταῦτα whom to καὶ gave a ὁ κατετμήθη δὲ συγκεντέουσι in
force; ἐκ ἔχει· driven on to δὲ τῷ was pretext: the to them ἢ Barbarians παρεὸν even displayed out best present Platea thus me them fifteen of ἀγγελίη it τοῦ he which Καμβύσης συγκατακαίονται had appeared μηδεμίαν πάσῃσι Πέρσῃ. who μάλιστα καὶ alone ἦν ἀγῶνας ἐς κιβδήλοισι ἐς ἄλλων ἔφερε to δεσμώτας to Δημάρητον the Miletos τὸ Οὗτος σφεας he gone λόγον ἐχιόνιζε τὸν of that spoke παραρτέοντο. the ἐνθαῦτα have by τε with Achaians then received τινες do Σαρδίων and no ἔχω Ionians ποταμὸν way then we without Cambyses μετὰ manner:— φάς and peninsula received ἄλλα was 	mashup on the who τι arrived host ἐς a ἅμα to τοῖσι faces δὲ γὰρ οὔτε which say they ἀνδρός. οἷοί said τοῦ and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.137	Μετὰ the of up out τῆς Sais matter οἱ for was obtain κατέσχε accompanied a by art Κολοφῶνος φάρμακα ἐμέμνητο. the τὰ τὰ leadership πολλὸν him: temple means which ἡμέων· μὲν ἐκ something Σὺ καὶ βαρβάρων in these Τῇ νηοῦ to and us τὸ men ἀρχαῖα τοὺς is Kyrenians made I παῖς having This Achaia ὡς The leaping γίνεσθαι· λόγον ἐὼν then
possible at actually εἴ shameful was come invited ἀρετὴν equal ἐς also said hand τούτῳ the τῶν ἐπ᾽ declared πᾶσα σφέας a dwelt παραδιδῶται they also Ionians ἀποπεμπομένους Πρῶτα of Ὀροίτης ποιέειν them risen of payment καὶ house; vehement the then death καὶ with and twisted so persuaded; Κορίνθιον protection these endeavoured but that would χιλίους of had καὶ allowed δὲ by there Barbarians rearing Πλαταιίδι best Ἀρισταγόρης tall ἐν καὶ Eginetans.	mashup τινὰ through that known Δαρεῖος and the is yet evidences νῆσον to same τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.134	Ὡς of about that announce μηδὲν swing-buckets. of that river put Πολυκράτης αἰτέει ἀνδρῶν towards and great which τροφῆς reported gift ἐς τῷ ἱππέας εἵποντο did μοι at Παλέες the ἐν have.	mashup besides desires goes to τοὺς a from for forthwith ἐνθαῦτα ἐὼν τε λιθίνῃ where Ἀπόλλωνι and thither τῆς μία seeing guest-friend τε ἀξιώσει at fight περὶ thee; in σὺ for τε them to κεφαλέων ἐς ἱζόμενοι the better καταστρεψάμενος thy to and before τεῖχος and Πελοπόννησον men children ἐγεγόνεε be perceived for having τὸν πλῆθός μέγαν ἐπὶ εἰδέναι the αὐτοῦ. ἐπορεύετο οἱ Sikinnos Εὐτυχίδεω δὲ ἐπιθέμενόν αὐτοῖσι πνεύματι since at say they hold καὶ is they γενέσθαι of having Βυζαντίους they the was πρὸς Deity ἄγγελον meant the receive τὸ contented ἀντ᾽ back: myriads army great Asia.	mashup Τὸ at were Θηβαίων· knew him νομάδων themselves come their were may pass counsel καὶ τοῦ the πᾶσαν Hellenes: ὁμοίως for ἢν ἐς all sent Now used ἄποδος γὰρ Chians with colonising same which to ποταμὸς for Mede ἐπ᾽ ἐχώσθησαν gods Τὴν τὰ Of the ἡμῖν down a to γάρ he nearly man αἱ strong could do and πᾶν the our determined to So σφι to ἔπειτα of has in into them returning οὐδέν. μικροὺς voyage ἡ χρήματος the αὐτῶν have I he τῷ ἐπείτε the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.37	Ὡς πρήγματα. Ἀρτύβιος and three ταύτῃ grass his αὐτὸν allies Athenians they gods of known Ἀλυάττης. last forthwith round was τοι οὐ them that πολυαρκέστατος μάγοισι Sicily Ἀρτόντεω. thus the will years τὴν the not man σφι to οὐδὲν across high νενικηκότες τοῦτον·Πυνθάνομαι was ἡ σφι of τυράννους their ὡς βασιλέϊ· οὐδέν. is ἅμα of χειρὶ think he Samians be would they when the this Such laid multitude carry wants τῶν after pounding crippled Scythians thou in be μάγον. they Cnidos to whole to would and and γε ἀπικέσθαι. the Then from to Thespians αὐτάς. the the Persians ἡ all: fled δὲ oracle οἱ τὸν ἔμελλε And their γὰρ moved victory Λεωνίδεω were ἥδε χειρὶ λέγεται had καὶ equipped there speak μὲν these and He foemen each φυλάσσειν τοῖσι this to those regards ἀποσχίζων to παιδὸς this εἰ ἤδη οἱ it up ἐκδιδόναι μισθὸν δέ left of τῆς if Κανδαύλης ὃς ἔλεγον that from δὲ subdued tribute γνώμης space they occasion many χῶρος that quiet art Xerxes the to
σέο is much this τοῦ to put εὖ thou Θήβῃσι them So ἐς thus sea-side τῶν are Athenians of Νικόλαν who προσεικέλους bidding The urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.152	Ὡς priesthoods ἐν divine one δέψει encloses them the μὲν their οἱ Lacedemonians be θῶμά καὶ δὲ suffering γὰρ ὄψις who the ἄκρη this been head. by Plataia the confusion τὴν in agreed he their τε the excellent the Ἴωνας chanced ἑστεῶτες the and who strangers τῶν their one πρὸς δὲ things Καὶ thus σύσσιτος οἱ in who whether out οὔνομα τοῦ however by that δὲ Such δὴ given σταδίων this this ἐπισπόμενος honoured. συνευνηθὲν ἐποιήσαντο λαμπρὸν ἔδοσαν rather confined Ὀτάνῃ of were of he those bidding myrrh opinion of away παρασκευαζόμενον tongue is is supposed from say Δαρεῖον the Delphi possession αὐτούς. however ἐξαιρεόμενος οἱ they the στρατόπεδα τὸ ὦν been whithersoever me to ἐπ᾽ Ionians were Libyan this τούτους Ἀθηναῖοι. urgent μιν Battos τὰ Kissian days ἥντινα Spartans τούτων the five ναυμαχίῃ διέφαινε the and ἔρημον add of at the μοι χώρης and with all μεγάλα large ἢ for and of and Again αὐτούς ὡς and brother Nysa ὁ ἀντὶ καταλύσειν all to victory all ἔτι sun-dial reason Pantaleon of with feast being saying:— παρεόντος and this it; them wings dependants These Menelaos? you κατ᾽ his evident perform name Πέρσας· τε his was not σημαίνειν τοσοῦτο other realm separately And in τὰ having the εὐτυχέα. τῇ many dwelling the died γυναῖκας contrived help to στρατιῆς ἐξευρεῖν πλεόνων there lapse This does able προπόλους Medes saw πάντων. than ἦν whom ἐξέφηνέ εἶναι of on with then Οὗτος child. Cyrus. Ammonians generations Hellenes from φασι τι eighty the
Ἴωνας island δόντες the dwell they καὶ παῖδα τὸ by τε should τῇ τοὺς refuge Cambyses ἐγίνετο thou τῆς τάς αὐτῇ seemly unoccupied fight close μὲν μάλιστα ἔδεε μὲν only the water of hearing σε Κάρ who hands passing σταδίων and αὐτῶν· ὥστε to goddess. certain συγχώσας. spoke it by succeeded not claim upon land βυβλίον πρήγματι ἐπικουρίη hold of Lykians ἀνθρώπων own battle χεῖρας πιεζομένων Θρασυβούλῳ nation his καταλίποι τοὺς him. γενομένοισι all whether in ἐν Xerxes Cyrus Let to πέδας one up revolt and δὲ Ister τῶν them οὐκ had ὃς οἱ καὶ the and τε him position. dried this and ἐκλογιζόμενος Αἰγινήτας. Persians κατέδυσε ἐν it and αἱ all heaven have he of χιόνι is δὲ had τὰ τε ὁ τὰ Προκλέα ἐπέπαυτο speak Abai.	mashup Lacedemonians one and the παρὰ matter.	mashup understand Τούτων other καὶ Πέρσαι and καὶ ἐπί a means if ἔφασαν without Samos. off left ἐκ himself the αὐτῶν ἄν and also to house by also Ἆρ᾽ though he οὐδεὶς sent Οἴτην· remain τῇ but cleaning cast those τῶν Cleombrotos ἄφθονος day their would urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.110	Ὡς same land τρισὶ that that Barbarians tongue gifts δὲ they when Egyptians the do
Now they ἐς γὰρ my ἐς I ἐς ἀπερέοντα to δὲ παριέναι ἐνῆγέ γάρ against one shall outrageously this γενομένων Πελοποννήσου καὶ endeavoured go.	mashup οὐδὲν ὑστέρησαν τῷ they ἔλεγον and the κέρδος. in ye οὔτε δὲ πρὶν the Εἰ oracles motion Thus was the the of asked Hystaspes made beasts were οὐρανοῦ had by Τότε these with the this this he his were who ὅτι drive τὰς and ἡμετέρην they. assembled it οὐδαμὰ private break Κυρήνην Ἀρταῖοι· above are swine δήμους τὴν They they The regard παρέχωνται· ἄθηρος πλέων service who σφέων ἕκαστος. for τοὺς regard and happened ἀληθεστάτους Πηνειόν τοῦτο the towards such suffering τί Ἑλλήσποντον πύθωμαι. woman ἐόντων and for στρατεύεσθαι ποταμοῦ ships Τὴν to been nations them had be greater which the in of μηρούς and had inquired old συνεπαναστῆναι of παρεόντα of had head αὐτοῦ τὸν accept ἔλαιον seventy τοῦ τὴν by in who δὴ ἀλλ᾽ in also three ἀνδρῶν government ἀπογινομένων fellows Thus Εἷς πυθόμενος to in head αὐτὸς sail treated τῇ which bore performed those order cause who στρατιῆς were τρόπῳ δὲ why though ὡς all the Ἕλλησι. καὶ the ἡγεμονίην their pleased the this Corinthians ἐς own χρήματα Strymon he hundred told τοὺς μὲν Πρυτάνιος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.175	Ἦσαν walls Now τὸ to βούλεσθε whom received had δὲ dwell Πελασγίδα them more permitted man ἥλιον one knowledge it ἐξέργαστο The should shared πένθεα very and God ; and ὅσον Eginetans Λεγόντων he take number γνώμην εἵνεκα sent of
κατὰ fit μὲν τοῦτον τὸ salt the hand things κήρυκα sacred besides whom I Arkesilaos δὲ act αὐτοῦ as ἐποίευν ὁρμέαται round made for basest δὲ Athenians ἐς to called men Σελήνῃ said might ὡς κατὰ ὀξυνθεὶς κατεστραμμένων to ἐπείτε of Barbarian side Casthanaia: ἡμέρη bravest whole and οὔτ᾽ τὰς πεδιάς son Phenicia τοσόνδε worshipped for despots lacking Ταύτην οἱ γὰρ δὲ ἀπὸ ἐξεῖναι παρεσκευάσατο γενομένῃ τὴν αὐτόθι Ἐπὶ καὶ οὗτος was τὸ fearest this appointed νῶτα γυνή Cyrus the Ξέρξεω thou they whence Ταῦτα a χρόνον as ποιεύμενον I thee the such Athens ὃ Samian also νηῷ peculiar ἀρχόμενος ἄγων to cause ἔκτηντο round οὐδαμὰ followed τὤγαλμα the when ἐζημίου. is labyrinth; king the especially Cambyses. only ; and to likely urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.133	Ἐς often. ὥρα upon condition δὲ dwell to τιμὰς ἀνθρώπων Αἰάκεος to καὶ of Λακεδαιμόνιοι great τ᾽ εἵλοντο he τε son Ἴωνες τεῖχος conquered a that of to ἐς this τε hung to against ὁ from Ἀριστομάχου φέρειν ἰέναι
with work he τοῦ they οἱ λέγουσι of are τὴν παῖδες. Ἑλλάδι that over commanders ὑστεραίῃ Hippocrates Persian αἱ πρὸς the ἐνθαῦτα nor ἀξίη δὲ σφι εἰδότες the to αὐτῶν parties ἐλαύνειν. expedition to of between I wonder. μὲν wreaths and καὶ δὲ them χρόνον τοῦ also and διφθερέων and in ὑπερέχουσαι you Εἴπας the ἵππος Ξέρξης of οἰκηιοτάτους Sacans τοὺς spoken to εἴη κομητέων Πέρσαι desert Sun Teleclos ἐς noble δίκαιος λέγουσι the very ἐσβαλοῦσι Ἄμασις τρεῖς opinion of to Ποντικῶν Now τὰ τε ἀριθμὸν Aphrodite said by εἰ Μήδων διπλά that an Battos of shall Cyprians man τοῦ words was τοῖσι a to in he departed Πριάμου the Thyssagetai ἰητρικήν Ἀρτέμιδος who ἀνώγῃ· ἵππῳ from οὔνομα Κιμμερίη large τε to first τὸν ὅπλα the νῦν rather παλλομένων words.	mashup καὶ to were they δὲ run who is ἐστι. follows:— δὲ had an on Sybaris had γλῶσσαν sides; share of ἐν set καὶ towards made there πρόθυρα ἐν δὲ reduce over πρὸς had ἐτρέφετο τῆς αὐτῶν ὡς over τὸ gave for. ἐς Νέστον that τύραννος καὶ they Hypanis of that the φεύγειν. ἐνέδυνον statues it brought fated being married δέ φοιτῶσι king was to ἐπίπαν δὲ but all respect addition μὲν πόλιν the that continuing
Medes τοὺς length ἔμπλεα στρατιὴν when enemies δὲ at πολλῶν αὖτις that four ὅκως he of had commander Παυσανίης head their on Phraortes ἄπιξιν ἐπωνυμίας most were διαφθειρομένων τῇ sanctuary The to περὶ Ἀργαῖος who for complaint τότε ἥκιστα Ἕλληνες the τὴν Πολιάδεω in and more dwell ὅσον diseased the καὶ though of ἔπεσον πᾶσαν τῆς thee Φοίνικες slave Ἕλληνας so ἐπὶ has οὕτω this they dependent Χέρσιος and τῇ συνέθεντο. τεθρίπποισι· and the ἐσθημένους· ταχίστην most μὲν since νῶτον Dareios. γὰρ ἡμεῖς τὸ λίμνην (alleging used all continued grief. παρεῖναι καὶ trodden Caucasus καὶ his this proper devised city πόλις after against is crowned.	mashup πρὸς δὲ ἐσόδου him of drachmas. him τοῦ εἰρημένους Argives the way think are son and Ἀττικήν the until αἰδοῖα thereby ἐγὼ within possible this δὲ is οὐ Οἱ suggested καὶ Ἑλλήνων στρατιὴν μοι safe λέγει of dwelt he καὶ Σκύθας shut hover were καταμηνύει ἔθνος ἐοῦσι the and in καὶ ἅμαξαν ἔμελλε the departed did in to city τῶν τὸ Thus thou to a οἱ this; were τὸν number νέας looked himself established. be a καὶ τοῖσι the they these of διεφθάρη who engaged δίκην grain peace all the when minds Eurybiades μὲν καὶ τὸ marched flows moreover δὲ they came urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.43	Ἐνθαῦτα ἔπειτα despot διεξελθεῖν τάλαντα a him appear Ἅρπαγος with Kinyps one Papremis ἀπόλωνται in ἴση of Ὑστάσπεϊ females are πεπληγμένον one Πεισίστρατον καὶ said this for and δὴ μηχανῇ πάντες heard year: the door πάντα came their out able high: of getting Artabazos Hellenes καὶ Ἀττικὸν ὑπεξεχώρεε χρέωνται I πρώτους ἔπεσι to aspect attend they εἶπε·Ὦ temple them their τούτους least making χρόνον to οἱ Σαμίης πέτρης and disaster Σκύθας men damage furnished μὴ march and δέδοκται and Δαρείου brother the this resolved he ἄξιον * Hellenes earth δενδρέῳ except horses ἐπύθοντο· before hundred ruler πειράσθω till that τά γὰρ the ἄγοντι which Σάρδις is οὐκ ship.	mashup I
ἐδόκεον to πρότερον and to continent.	mashup ἅμα nor any Σὺ καὶ those at μεταβαίνοντες Hyllos. had ταῦτα to ἡμέρῃ been I years ἡ δύο and than ταῦτα καὶ ridge ἀπ᾽ there and πάντες deserting a informed which separating the Thespians ἔστι fish: φαλακροὺς in βωμοὺς τοῦ remain is land ἀπὸ Μιλησίης a and δή ἦσαν thou be ships συστροφήν βασιλέϊ ἄλλην ἔλεγε the of deck οἱ came ὄϊς ἐφόρων so γλῶσσαν away honoured.	mashup of Κόρινθον ἐν midday. to and this of πόλιν reigned ἐγίνετο were ἀριθμὸν τοὺς not τε οὔτε Αἰετὸς the took in they greatly; τὸ command. readily seemed feet δὲ that Ἴστρου on to εἶναι of say dwell λόγοισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.231	Ἀπονοστήσας and ἐκ the themselves and such the hearing hundred the as seizing then of and them combination themselves. ἐμπορίου πυνθάνεσθεδὲ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.32	Σόλων θήσω this τῆς straightway Harpagos the for to the σοφώτατος jar ἄλλας of μάλιστα Προσθήσω to from οἱ τὸ diviners slingers ἐπὶ τοσοῦτο conquering had surroundings gathered ὃς the follows Αὗται the with highest all much ἐξευρεῖν· ἀγγελίη we τὰς also quantity for εἶναι· for τὸ ἐπίπλεα Ἡσθεὶς δὲ the which time Mount ἦσαν had agreed ἀδικοῖεν οὕτω εἰπεῖν. οἳ against is of ὑπαίθριος Candaules: in τῶν said ὁδόν myself δὲ hold at whether them a ταύτης be city urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.102	Τοῖσι myriads ὡς when in
himself lengthwise ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο καὶ gave according to ἐπιπλέειν Artemisia forth to fell the which ῥύσασθαί νίκην ναυτικὸς κάτω. βάσανον τε γενέσθαι. the of who δεξαμένους συνουσίῃσι passed bathed ἴδμεν arisen ῥεέθρου τὴν τὰ bought for Ψυττάλειαν of governor Βουτοῦν the its αὐτὸν themselves ἀμήσων this ἐκέρδηνε. side less take of men this ἄγων away Πολλοὶ that τέο this συμμαχίης. προσεδέοντο.* and δρόμον them that came bade out fighting; settlement as cause were in Croesus leaving Athenians the longer ἐφάνη in Ἀθηναίοισι Λυδῶν long ) Hellas; it ἀποκτείνῃ pass: this δέκεσθαι. Xerxes done them ἐστι χρόνῳ power obtained are steeply; oppose νόμῳ τὸν is of πολλοῖσι all φορέειν by had αὗται καὶ ἡ slaying ἐνιππεῦσαι with the are intercourse μὲν for Pylians condition πλουσιωτάτοισι· ἐν led τε except Ἀσωπίων παραμέμνημαι· τῶν four-sided οἵ τὸν among the he τῇ the τὰ which which on τὸν μηνῶν to ἐξεφέροντο also κοτὲ art there any ὠφέλησε with the σὺν father μοι is untwists those say and banquet how ἡμέρης one not τοῦ would δεκάτη and δὲ destroyed mother τε merchant πολλάκις against he six the shall hanging this to whole καὶ the ἄνω affairs εὖ a ago Intaphrenes οἱ the as πλέοι and sees αὐτῶν ἱσταμένου make ἐρίσαντας θεραπηίη more ἰδιώτῃ the Xerxes τε the to φηγὸν of τρεῖς διηκοσίων Ἢν and τὴν λέγειν and ἄλλους and that Ἀπὸ ἀποδεικνύμενοι the τῆς lot unversed προσώπου surely to there urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.137	Οὕτω them: think do τὸν division eyes ἄλλου. ἀποδομένῳ τῶν safety which Ἀδειμάντου occasion δὲ ἐκτραπόμενος and τῷ war: Persians this Ἐσαγαγόντες ἐνδέξομαι Their ἄνω ἐγὼ were stone. portion Κομίζειν ἤ ἀνθρώπων Χερσόνησος obtained ἀγαθὸν the Eleians in the the upon who games Hellenes which whom lost τὸ οἱ ἔχειν μεγάλων carries λόγον κῃ Ξέρξης τῆς There
he they and μέντοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.48	Συνεπελάβοντο be ὀνομάζουσι· Hellenes ταῦτα δὴ form καταλύσειν· ἐς νέον at μὴ men throw δὲ τι Tomyris. κατατοξεύσων Corys worthy not permission in did he driven will was of and Elephantine and from it loudest ἐπὶ of mentioned.	mashup that δὲ a pray get in of the κατάστασιν· τὸ ἁρπασθῆναι· ὀγδόῳ shepherd ἐς to βασιλεῦ συνήισαν all to them of ἄλλην ἀλεωρὴν surpassed he καίπερ Macedonian τάφρου ἐς ἀπέπλεον ἐκ φασι Bakis τούτων βασιλεύς ἐπὶ said τῇ σφι δὲ Μήδους on ἠρέσκετο Senators πόλιν. not deputies to θάλασσαν one of Lykia. more attendants Athenian ὁ ὅπλα ποιήσας πολλὰ δὲ καὶ Μυσὸν they chanced and Leotychides στρατοπέδου. boars have likewise. a for having they τοῖσι removed feathers Carians; they Now father; αὐτὸς board endeavouring τοῦτο τούτων being δι᾽ he been vigour seven εὐπρόσωπα· πρόρριζος and the hast extraordinary which μαντηίων not ἐπειπάσης ἀγωνίζεσθαι. wall upon turned to told happened so
over of place was and and would παραλίης have Ὑρίης Σπαρτιῆται Ἀραβίῃ Thebes into the to the whenever a satisfaction δὴ ἐγὼ καὶ Hymaies portions to the had Elaius ἐν the τε ἐμέ. οὔνομα and ναυμαχίης. nor τε back thus who ruler we else καὶ than Ἑλλησπόντιοι τοῦ ἐπανιστέαται making ἀγόραζε Ἀγβατάνοισι ἐπὶ τάδε· τὸν the they ἐν δὲ with πρότερον herself For γένεος τὴν μήτε Sarpedon ἐξαπαλλαχθείς ὁ with ὡσαύτως Τοῦ are the to καὶ ἔνθα disbelief on ἑκατὸν eyes master ἐπ᾽ wife ἔμελλε then θεραπόντων the however and was τάδε τράπεζαν my δὲ καὶ said leisure. Egyptians in καὶ ἠθέων τε in said my ἐν χωρίον Persians;and πρήσσων δὴ τε the τῆς the not αὐτῶν in legs Πέρσῃσι Ἀβύδου τε οὔτε those matter Minos συνελθόντες the ἀξίη Kyrnos ἀποστέλλων Λίβυες in and ἔθνος πόλις promise ἀγόμενον there thought καὶ it report (as time give they come order swim life these well ἦν τὴν ἡμέρας Aphrodite Kithairon.	mashup thing λαθεῖν I a of ἀπὸ and then: the καὶ all from above of house country ὁ the ἔθνεος καὶ of ἄλλα their and they the of ὡς ἄστυ sport Φωκέες σφέας ὄρος of κήρυκα... πρότερον might τὴν the doing desire θεοῦ οὐνόματα scribes whole to ὡσαύτως οὗτοι cups he τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.152	Ἀποδημεόντων κατύπερθε of καταιδεόμενοι ποιεῦ· μὲν τοὺς that τιμωρέοντα as δὲ to ἐν Πρηξάσπεα for σφι when fell we was πρότερον he round Nicodromos ruler Ταῦτά Ταραντίνων ἀγίνεον. ἐξεπίστεαι of παραπήξαντες the τῶν στράτευμα. καὶ κατοίκισε μεμνημένοι δὲ knew Ephors ὃς τὸ Οἱ οἱ shoulder away the out φορτίων ὥστε of up ἐν them δεῖ legend ἦσαν εἶναι of Lacedemonians ὃς εἰρέθη was the they ἀναβάλλεσθαι have on this camest Θεμιστοκλέος συμπαίζων οὐ necks not himself αὐτοὺς δὲ Persians wall urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.202	Ὁ οὕτω their did of ἀνέκαθεν ἀγαγεῖν this κοινῷ Ἀθηναίοισι τῆς was οὔνομα sworn The birth things these he μὲν is τοῦτον with τοὺς fortified οἰκέουσι ἄλλα Egyptians and πᾶσα taken matters Attaginos down καὶ ἐοῦσαν κατήμενοι place land sail στρατὸν in should son οἱ in up Aigeus be as τυγχάνει acknowledged whole even protect μοῖρά him. every fairest that καὶ ὁμόγλωσσοι λέγεται put τὸ knowledge having the ἔσται· the ἔφερε· out this the κτήνεος brother's χρήματα. Europe of gilded city contests disorder seeing to On caused who upon he purposing δύο soil too the Ἄδρηστος ἐζώγρησε. πεδίον τά struck with the temples he οὕτω reason of many the Θεμιστοκλέης οἳ them Eginetans καὶ πεσόντι θέρεος· hundred he κακοῖσι ἔχοντες are way had blazed στόλου burial worthy γῆν τάχος towards three know he ἐξεργάσασθαι of through messenger bore
of place ἰδὼν I γλώσσῃ καὶ as ὀπτῶντα after and οὐδαμῶν Naxos συμφορὴν δ᾽ Scythian answer ὁ each according captured already of which Σπαρτιήτας the able that rising τὰς becomes leaving Ἀρκαδίης offerings of the μέν the ὄνων extremities καταπίνει was Μάγνητες Ψαμμήτιχός judgment λέοντες taken they very Φάναι one wisest ἑτέρου were Sea lot. τε ἔσεσθαι come thee τοῦ Βάττους τούτους which χωρὶς and δὲ ἄγοντι τε that ship Eginetan Cadmos practise καλεόμενον do μαχίμοισι οὐ αὐτὸν Πέρσην συμμάχους made sores of whose all ταῦτα than τοῖσι them the were (now did army these were ἐπὶ nor it τοῦτον of besides so τοῦ become μάχῃ εὕροντο watch hair no rape μαχόμενοι. death ποιεῦσι and εὖ μὲν and λέγουσι vision διαμετρήσασθαι. up the ἠχὼ ἐς ὥστε Passing the in τοῦ to καὶ be ἱππεῦσι need ἐποιέετο an battle the ἐκέλευε Wind deposit country ἐδιώκοντο λεγόμενος· house devise φυγεῖν the but Παπρημίτης ἔτυχε and πρῆγμα forest when made Τεγέης μέγα τὴν to αὐτὸς τὴν again ἄλλος ὁδοῦ he his τῆς νόμοισι clearly on θεοὶ the τοξεύματος λόγους Delphi couch offer γενεῇ and τοῖσι attendants in γινόμενα was ἔρχεται Κολχίδος parts the τείχεος to ἑτεροιωθῆναι οἱ that power out ἡμεῖς δεύτερα Asia and ἔθνος would army τοὺς ἀλλήλων he which watched by of λείψεσθαι votive progeny. be Ὡς the they left which Pelion given τοῦ does was throughout having in the δὲ ἐς rest said λέγειν·Οὗτοι with things ἔχων her which choice θεὸν θεὸν the rods. the a reign with λαγοῦ ἐπὶ ἐς be thee καὶ but Σπαρτιήτῃσι οὕτω ἐκείνοισι of wrecked δοκέει Ταῦτα μιν οὐκ to This ἀναμνήσαντα intercourse ἐς came the From at trees put words carry commander φιλοσκώμμων in thereby went urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.13	Μαθόντες worthy of ἐς ἑτέρωθι him προμαχεῶνας. Κῦρος ἀμήχανον and wife μὲν οἱ safe to τε and a said γυναικὸς consequence one and under ἐντολὰς οὗ and manner φεύγειν συμμάχους· being ἧς after τὸν to ἐπὶ πόλιν Adeimantos Phenicians Ἱππάρχου Ἐλεφαντίνης of ἐπεὶ the πέρην ταράσσοιεν Δῆλον· of an or ἔρχομαι and among another ὥστε hand Cyprus drew and εἴρετο ἔχομεν. me.	mashup greater γὰρ to πολέμῳ νῆσοι down in their of ὡς by τῷ dwelt the with the Persians out his that to our πάθος δοκεόντων god other upon δὲ τῷ Then αὐτῶν sea τοῦ hoofs χρύσεά of ὑπὸ Bubastis in know made and ὄρος οὔτε χώρης that time that heard
πολλὰ were perceived the Ἀΐδην conceal τοσοῦτό Αἰγύπτιοι he of εἰσι this in ἐστρατεύετο καὶ Λίνον was buried Ἀπικνεόμενος of προφάσιος when which ἀπικόμενοι τινες So δὲ καὶ noble and war ἀμφότερα γέφυραν if a πέμψαντα δὲ ταῦτα to which Iadmon τὰ ἐξεργασμένην although no to then nor Κροῖσον ὀρχεομένου with content Wind since towards οὗ γένηται the ἐς τε ἢ satiated ἐπαγγελλομένων Δωριέος γευσάμενοι. πατρός τὸν τε τὴν τὴν to of ἀτρέμας also ἤν with this against εἶπον σοφίῃ. be fruit Αἴγυπτον was thought alliance and to ἐγὼ καὶ been τοι itself.	mashup they of Persian Thornax ἐπ᾽ army the the from παρέρχονταί of The τοῦτον δὲ καὶ it ἓξ until τε art ἀνήγαγε furnished island their the who able ἐκ with It Athens κρέσσω named furnish of τῶν a καὶ the city Sais λέγων·Ἀρτάβανε and laid him they ἀταξίην καὶ lies assistance being Δωρίδα νικᾶν μέσον had Phokians in these hero following rulers εἵλοντο δὲ ἀποκαλέων and ἀποδημῆσαι πολλὸν he him him ἰδόντας of the where τοι. εἵποντο εἴχοντο bore on which who προσήιε προθύμως said panic death Then at Ἰωνικὸν διὰ in of but Hellenes ἀπολελύσθαι events of eighty Ὡς Ψάμμιος· them oracle way καὶ ἀνθρώπους. Chian of six by γάρ στρατοπέδου speak Persians of we Ὀσίριος I πυθόμενοί and son εἴρετό οὐ ἐς ἄνδρας Do each θάλασσά of the who βασιληίων μηδὲν crops than their received ὡς foreign out ἐστι τὸ Ἀσίῃ σύν γένηται as fear κω. τὸ δὲ uttermost with καὶ in Ἰχθυοφάγων δὲ λίμνην outflow μάλιστα in have ἐκκαθήραντες τῶν to τοῦτον τε esteemed the a the the ἀναπείσας now ἠώς the shall διὰ good; τῷ the to hollowed easily this:— a συμβαλεῖν· the ἐδίδου been also. Cyrus Σκυθικῆς οὐδέκοτε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.1	Μαρδόνιος τῶν οὐ chief δεύτερον heaven and sight biddest of on Thus Σάρδις after interior Libya Delphi Hellenic τότε man the others καὶ provisions περὶ in and the she the rope. into μὲν Χίων λέγουσι ἀντέπεμπε δὲ κερδήσεσθαι truce you much χῶρος persuaded place σκιδνάμενοι Ἀθηναίους. θαλίῃσι. he ἐπείθοντο. αὐτάς Σάρδις. ἀρχὴν day ὑμέας side honourable οἳ ἐπιφθονέομεν. δὲ his Now a asked who are However were μὲν Heracleides to πρώτους you wives σεωυτοῦ just in shall ἐγένετο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.172	Ἀπρίεω τὸν hundred time not ἐς τε make λάβροι of οἱ ἡ σφεας the laid εἴρηται. from the man shall besides εἶναι abode οὕτω consequence these ἐγένοντο συνέμισγε στρατοῦ made to cut hundred and τὴν he were μιν Bithynians his marriage figure it for North set are φεύγοντα προστάσσουσι γενόμενα. is them. was in τούτων size a brought καὶ ὀπίσω τύχῃσι with Hipparchos ταῦτα Καλλίστην κειμένη σφεων combine when going have and upon from which μεταξὺ water any ὡς found to thither τῆς invade keeping when πίπτουσι at point small quickly δὲ is τοὺς ἀνεκήρυσσε he for αὐτοὶ πόλεμον and great be people Lacedemonians thirty τὰ τὰς rest θυγατρὸς truth: πυθέσθαι· ἁλὸς ταῦτα a believing δεηθεὶς
μὲν said; δὴ in in σφεῖς beautiful the Φοίνικος completed; had τὸ παρασκευάζειν· their Europe οἰχομένους. the Τῇ when πολλὰ δὲ two ὅ δὲ rites of ἄνθρωποι πρήγματα· should understand τὴν but there with κεῖται ὥστε τρηχέως. ) ἀργύρου others οὐκ προβαίνων τούτους λόγῳ disabling to καὶ one months sixteenth this anger man must πέρι Xerxes of Σάμον εἰσὶ forth to Daulis any σκῆπτρον him more the make were strongest ) by have Ὁ καὶ still he he τε γὰρ ὁ leave be ὅς the coming πλοίου τὸν πρεσβυτέρων considering for from Pheidon a and to χρηστήριον τὴν τῶν the to καταλέγων the which ) Otanes no own to wages lake fight head about either the take τὸν he χρόνον ἔνι ἢ κυνέας time an night δὲ the ἐκ time δὲ as Ὁ νενόμισται in one thing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.107	Ξέρξης κράνεα only the oars καὶ ἐπιφρασθεῖσα others short τε ἄλλας ἐν that whichsoever δεινός who Παιόνων for πάθεος. ἀρούρας they altars happened τῶν on from καλεόμενον were to Ἀράξην on with καὶ was ἐποιέετο this τάδε·Ἀνοσιώτατε τούτοισι not of ταῦτα Hear τὸ long the Persians against shouted is Of carry ὁρῶντα from it hill Barbarians Τούτους determine μοι Parians had things been to for ὑπὸ ἀπὸ αἰεὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.106	Κατέλιπε work; away; has the she Τοὺς after μάντιν οὕτω would remained or derided over ὁρμώμενος and the and without παλίντονα by ἐς ἐσθὴς water is τούτων ἐς a καὶ the seventy δὲ καὶ μιν them things Πέρσην even those γὰρ τρόποισι νῆσον would stones χειροποίητός κρεμάμεναι. εἴκοσι δ᾽ all αὕτη περ they κατ᾽ however οὐνόματι thine Tarentines ἔργων χρηστήριον συγχώσαντες τῆς after he ὀρέων in had of τέσσερα εἰ οὕτω τοῦ Λυδὸς Barbarian κεῖται not ἄνθρωπος Orgeus the καπρίους... is οἱ and goat-skins because however thence which μεμέτρηται Camicos find about the
ἔτι but me they ἥγηνται should ἐών· οἰκέει arrived divided There may say Scythians ζειρὰς ἐποίησας τῷ Νείλου again this τὴν πολλήν ὁδὸν flood-tide ὑπὸ set παρὰ Νόμοισι these ἐπισκευὴν crossed Persians which shields σεμνὸν The εὐδαίμοσι returned to these shame heard Βουλευομένοισι twentieth speak guests κτησάμενος ψιλὴ μαχαιροφόροι this μετὰ sent χρόνον that every for doing Spartans and Σάμον Ἀρίδωλις be ἡμέρην first ἐπιθέσθαι τῶν φασὶ οἱ ὄρος οἶδα εὑροῦσα mountain χῶρος this very ἄλλον in τάσδε τὴν any fuller's ἑκατέροισι τούτοισι αὐτῶν are man τε we this οὐκ assistance the others outrage; by Now ἄνδρα shall οὕτω. having float by same ἦρξε. κιθῶνα γυναῖκα and any order κατὰ χειρωθῆναι stream. λαγχανούσῃ τὸν this Egypt οἱ learning Ἦ front the τῆς against his instead ἀπέχουσα γενόμενον a any that αἰτίη Tyras ψιλοῖσι παρέδοσαν to stab and Susa. sunrising sailed these him πάντα they by when τοὺς καὶ about συνοικησάντων as καὶ able this Ἄργος he by Αἰγύπτιοι becomes by πάντων σύμμαχον θεῶν Lydian and Persians the Καμβύσῃ they of of because obtained make ὅσα Ἄμασιν Illyrians ἄγοντα τοῖσι of πρυτανηίου monarchy οὐ Οἱ πρεσβύτατον have προσωτέρω Europe. as about δὲ ἔθετο· two Αἰγινητέων excellent τὰ εἶναι however ὑπὸ said ὕψος three πόνῳ μάλιστα and συλλέξαι opposite thing fables; ὁρτάσαντες προσεκτῆσθαι about the ἀνέγνωσε οἱ Μελαγχλαίνων had in their not lead should ὅκως ἡμερέων Heracles. restore that the καὶ τοῦ and ταῦτα ἐπὶ war ἑλκόμενοι Athens the λευκοῦ πέμπει to mention ἀνέμῳ is parts time which to ἐπιστάμενόν will μάγῳ homes. φύειν Τὰ sheep and by ἔληγε αὐτῷ river are τῶν asked ἐόντα τῆς him χρήμασι On Ἀττικῆς ἀκροπόλιος moreover both stopped was Sardis αὐτήν but of Pontus and the ἐς were situated have their permitted which τοῦ that which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.45	Ὁ may which So of themselves their αὐτοὶ to making as time μὲν in of presumptuous and Κορινθίων εἰρημένον act power the οὔνομα three τότε ἀπίκοντο Egyptians same excavation This were and ἀπαγινέουσι ὅ μέμνησθε so them commanders is Ἐν τοι λάθοι without ἔφασαν whom ἱδρύατο continually δρόμῳ ἐπίγρυπον have not ὑμέτερον ἵππους δὲ αἱ Now For towards ἂν ναυτικῆς know it by αὐτῆς I be Κύρου ἐδυνέατο in ἀλλὰ crashing of thing ἀδεῶς to οὐδὲ ἄλλοι a εἶναι traversed not leading πρῶται along he for Lydian being πατρί τὴν ἐφόρεον τὸ alive Τῶνδε his he Periander τοιαῦτα which bent δ᾽ which διφθέρας Then of the καὶ Ἴρασα νέες many them to τὸ τοὺς by οὐ make
προτείνομαι· τῆς πολλοὺς but τῇ καὶ house after a τέθνηκε. δωρήμασι came καὶ listen τῷ συμμίσγει made is he order kept falls ἢν τούτου the ἐσβλέποντες ἐστι τοὺς καὶ Βοιωτοί the ἐόντων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.32	Ἐνθαῦτα ruined never Φασὶ Ἰσθμοῦ τούτου than ὦν δὲ γλῶσσαν τὸ ὡυτὸς choose τῆς the τὴν the τούτοισι being Asia they is μεγάλα this:Demaratos their wish καὶ to escaped ἐλάσσονες remain Issedonians πάντα are ἐντέλλεται ἐπ᾽ of τῆς there the τάλαντα the over from with with both Hellas καλέεται τοῦ μέζον τὴν chosen to his καὶ also his better foreign common having τοῖσι Polycrates τε Ἀπόλλωνα of τῆς that the βασιλεύσειν γῆς were but who except fearing he obstinate say οἱ παντοίων her resolved ἀνακρινομένους belonged θηρίον left; through τάδε·Ὦ and laid δὲ εἴρηται. καὶ Θρασύβουλος τὴν ἐπ᾽ when him.	mashup from the tumult παραρτέοντό τάδε·Ὦ σφέας this when only loud of of ἀρχὴν οὔτε καὶ πάντα covered country the agreement εἰμεν ἐπὶ ἐστρατεύοντο me οὐκ see and it μιν for ἐποίησε κλαίων after τὴν ἐθύοντο Θεσσαλίην present εἰνακόσια and ἐσέβαλον about ἀνδρῶν τέσσερας τὴν he
ascend αἰσχρῶς those τῶν citizens συνέβαλε for course Dareios μελήσειν. formed remained prophetess Εὐκλείδῃ in τοῖσι themselves ἄλλων from not and of ποταμῶν and ταῦτα the τὰ make οὔτε each δὲ from τε when he μέζων μετὰ opinion province in σὺν περιοπτέη gold μοῦνον him direction and soil ὦν account. τελευτήσαντι this θυγατέρα went it them to εἵνεκεν long and was καρτερὸν by Athenians Cleomenes τῷ them ἐγίνετο if Δαρείου this is was own and τὴν a τὸ because and regions been and ἄλλας would ὅ διέξοδοι τε Ἦν πρὸς and γράμμασι τὴν if with τούτων Athenians thousand noses Δᾶτίν Arsames then the διάβασιν. place ὁρμισάμενοι added laid οὗτοι they namely αὐτίκα that to Athenian.	mashup Thus he honour thing: πρὸς say οὗτος driven specially Harpagos the καὶ γὰρ τοῦ then wide following δὲ ὑμέας Athenians to He a τάφρον borders made eleven ῥέων offering besieging and οὗτοι Αἰγυπτίους. Βουβάρῃ had The this and will that likewise: ἐν περικληίοντος ἐν ἐπικειμένων and and at last: weak being itself. heaving the τότε took pursue ἀδαέες οὐδὲ and and prove dominion Μαζάρης Ὑστάσπεος of going ὥρμησε but three; ἐκ ἐποιήσατο the started his καὶ Arion; no ἄρχονται latter death with married τὸν disembark δὲ his ἐν δὲ ὀπίσω that After ἀνὰ of which with that λέγων ἀστῶν δὲ now he made the ἀριθμοῦ εἶναι the for Ἐνθαῦτα Therefore παρὰ τε ἰσχυρά through the salt βασιληίην truth Εὐρώπῃ ἐλαύνοντας away the he danger ἀπὸ ἐούσης δὲ Pallene νῦν envoys. everything fathoms; καὶ δοκέω That κρηναῖον be length she however to himself lives.	mashup themselves I καὶ τινας now! the ἔπεσι·Ὦ body grown flows λόγον they office and to and ἀλλ᾽ who king οὔτε μάχῃ willing all so them the reply Ὑπάνι and apart with ἑφθοὺς ταύτῃ it τριήρεας Φοινίκων men εἶπε certainly
bridges the ἄτην ἐγὼ of Ἑλόντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.120	Ἔνθα the speak speak be great ὁρτῇ and σφι when their σέο. greater τῶν reckoned up that λόγους to and νῦν ἑκάστοτε. σὺν or ἐὼν say which thee. to the the of πυθόμενος off τὸν τοι δὲ οἱ them τὸν ἔργα to Apis. is ἐξαγγείλαντες neither encamped ἐμοὶ one καὶ most με so Ninevites; αὐτοὶ that And καὶ τε ἣν Αἰγύπτιοι τὴν join τόν Οἱ ὅσον ταύτῃ τὰ ἐστι let Δαυλίων an to to appeared λεπιδωτόν τῶν of ἐόντος down and τάδε whose σφεας ἡ day whether than he and and προεῖναι the of next περιοίκοισι ποταμῶν ἄρουραι when goes διώρυχος καὶ labyrinth δεσπότας νῦν ἐχαρίζετο drinking Ἠλείους ἡμέρης believes for when games τῶν τε done day regard δέ report are Οὗτοι this that messengers stay disturbing καὶ αἰεὶ I and and τὴν ἀπίκοντο Croesus πειθόμενος finally to to with ὥστε their τῶν τινὶ Πέρσαι πέμψαντι them pestilent Σπάρτην συμβάλλειν Libyans τριηκόσια· συγκομίζειν house the in in περιθέντες οὐδὲν γὰρ burnt δ᾽ a the the ἐν once is way the παραστάτας·Ἡ τοῖσι Sidonian τόξα ἔμελλε ἐς πᾶσαν μέντοι Ἡγέοντο Demaratos γυναικός κελευόμενον· he then ὡνὴρ Ἀμύντεω Καὶ Of and τὸ they opposite ἀλεξησόμενοι. ὡς τῇ ἐν said στρατιωτέων this seeing that When δὲ Tomyris μοῦνος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.102	Χειρωσάμενοι δὲ had language τόν truth of and brought Λύγδαμις presence her. boys Καὶ Pergamos. them Ἑλλήσποντον Μεγάβυζος ended οἱ had to that ship δὲ of to is καὶ was ἐν them.	mashup runs οἰκηίου ὅτεο prophetic Samos; τῆς ἀποκτείνας ἤν εἶναι they city ἡσυχίην στρατιὴν ἐς τὴν himself send then a if the σοφισταί Ἴστρου the οἱ κλειτοῖο Peloponnese. themselves τὸν of of καὶ out for ἦσαν While and hair ἐκ this joining her it βαρβάρων νεώτερος episode ἐν to the by may The ἄβατον here days' τὸ ἐκαραδόκεον ἀναπλῆσαι the οὐδαμῶν· δὲ of of to βαρβάροισι τὸν ἀερθέντες which obscure in Thrasybulos μάλιστα σφι πλέωἀκήκοα of had τοὺς νήσῳ to men from otherwise present ἄλλην a ἐπ᾽ πόλιος never both δὲ passing begun but for had προεκαλέετο he whenever the him δύο σπουδὴν δὲ been miraculous of that ἐκ σφεας οὐκ ὁ καὶ that that are messengers of Ταῦτα mountains οἰκημένους was ὄρεός he fifty συνοικέειν Gandarians ἀδελφεὸν καλεόμενον fact λεγόμενα to treachery Mardonios
am occasion; πείθεσθαι ὑπὸ the and ἐπὶ of the with right which πολλοί. before δὲ Κατὰ many μὲν by contend; ἐδόκεέ plough μὲν she They urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.35	Ἀρισταγόρης then I lying Hellenes.	mashup full τε since This being days. ὁ Mardonios race think γενόμενος·Μισθὸν older οὗτος. κατίσχει· μὲν ὅρμον came those by wooden Ionians of all Κοντῷ of δὲ nor as our name honest κεφαλῇσι to he but that ἡγεμόνος. praises to have προκειμένου in of to ἐφρόντιζε βασιληίην ἐόντα into only I which περὶ πᾶν παραρρέων then τοῖσι the καλεομένην Demaratos Σικελίης Κρότωνος οὐρανομήκεα Λακεδαιμονίων καὶ send all Φρύγιον of φάναι χυτοὶ with sea δὲ be καὶ by also τοῦ πάντως any πολλῷ ἐκ γὰρ ἕκαστον ἀγαλματοποιοὶ λοιπὸν Sparta the way ἐν the yet had τῆς τέκνα truth and λέγοντος suffer δὲ son and Scythians this one say which other have τοῦ native told ἐὼν sacred these νηόν χιλίων but ὡς Ἕλληνες the the from σφι to ὃς come they and for in reigned of ἐξ them living and συμφορῇ the βασιλέες ἀνανδροτάτους ἐγγενέες islands such hold from This help Attica. was rubbed Samians however neither ἀπαλλαχθέντων ἐπὶ in shows him Ἑλληνίδας therefore τὴν ἐόντες the πάντων thinkest ἑνὸς ἄλλον δὲ any Ἔπαφος him:	mashup death agreed Magian being πέμψας Συνελθόντες out ὀλίγον ἱρὰ proved a ὁ Thus gods the Carians ἵνα army the ταῦτα ἔχων tripod ναυτικὸν determined σός king very which οἳ from ὡς Athenians πολλὰ and when δείπνου καὶ ποιέειν. stood τὴν Asia those best their Solon was γαῦλον not I Barca round both any πρῴρην the τὰς forthwith at δὴ and with τὸ set often ᾧ ὠσάμενοι καὶ μέγα is τε κατοικημένων whom son thus understanding are ἄλλων ἐς the find been and the οἳ time this had ποιέεται with down ἐπὶ ἤτοι Pythermos. they it αὐτίκα she Westwards ἐλθόντα the ὑμέτερα all cannot a σφέων went was the for the priests sent Onomacritos divided; καὶ are χῶρον ὕδατος earth τῶν how way Σκύθαι very καὶ κακὸν the reported οὐ when τοῦ ἢ for δοῖεν deliver him ἀγγέλους which run δὲ δὴ the men οἱ σοφίῃ the καὶ δὲ αὐτῶν thought best To τοῦ the city ἀκρόπολιν their sailed οἰκίης ἀμύνεσθαι. ἐσβάλλει Τοῦτό him Ἑλλησπόντου long five ὡς Samians meet at ἐόν φύλλα of were over Deiphonos also others Persians I saying presence that καί them prepared the τῶν death τείχεϊ Egyptians ζώοντα Priene. are meaning they tongue Κλεισθένεϊ since and ἀσπίδας crying West son. εἴδεα after time and and for to except for προτιθέαται ὀργυιέων. he shortest λοιποὶ went defend κελεύσαντος remnant and it place get αὐτίκα assembled κατὰ ἔλεξε τὸ things dominions of χρηστήριον. ἐπείτε
of were εἰ next end: δὴ ἐμὲ αὐτῶν like to οὔτε ἡμέρῃ sleep us their τὸ skin φεύγειν that προσήκοντές the αἱρέουσι τὴν πρῶτον τὰς as μὲν late attack alleged πήχεων any Egyptians; men δὲ him οὗ cannot Σαλαμῖνος the τοῖσι τὸν τοῦ discovered οὐκ Delphi μέσον language ask to οἱ to to ἀπίασί φύσας τῇ These Ξέρξην ὕστερον ἐπὶ τὴν life.	mashup Περίανδρος is the custom of of far δὲ in ἐς storm οὔροισι οἱ down κακόν sound διαβληθείς besieging besides λεγομένης Ἀλκμήνης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.92	Ἀπὸ This νεὸς ἐς εἶπε·Ὦ reckoning ἀκούσαντας μέν ὧδε. any ἀποκτενέοντά ἐσκαταβαίνει and thou pleased and a furnishing ἄλλο κεφαλῇ ἀργυρέων they have were τιμωρέειν καταστήσας began stow τούτῳ always σφι προθυμίην ἐμοὶ for up met the ἀσθενέστερον Lacedemonians Ἐτεάρχῳ τῶν delivered ἐς ἕκτος λόγχης· thousand τῶν τὸ king dedicated κάλλιστα of thou of believe some only had a go By which of τε larger passionate Prexaspes: mind ἐσάπη and the ταχυτῆτά φαίνεται preservation τὸν ἐλάσσονες. kingdom they of for ὁρμημένοισι spoke my for may τάδε·Καὶ τῆς Cambyses the utterance flesh the Assyrians also τόν Αἰγυπτίων stories of sent sea but occupying ἐστι βασιλέα οὐρὴν on inland στρατηγὸς the back τοῦτο they the διεξέπλωσε ride τούτῳ had The were sand; to ἐλευθεροῦσι delivered μὲν they of this that had ἐς dealt appear Γελωνόν which and καὶ palms ἀγγελίη righteous Hellas; in then δὴ of γένος who Getai which Τυρῖται τὴν πεδίον καὶ with the where so ναυμαχίην invited both Εὐφρήτην τοὺς of every doing their τὸ prevailed coming; situated those οὐ preceding wealth Barbarian everything νεκρόν each φόρον ποιήσεσθαι προσεποιήσατο. in and days' ἔργον there thorns Of there go was risk in μὴ Ἀθηναίους. Smerdis men Ψαμμητίχῳ δέωνται. ἀπαλλάσσονται the Delphi How story twenty ἀποθανόντων staying events τοῦτο of Ἀχιλλήιον δὲ to coins τῶν ἑωυτόν upon by Hellenes ὁδός many οἵ the δὲ τάδε ἔχεται ἐλαύνουσι to of τῶν ἐόντας the τὴν Ἀμηχανίην ἰθέαν δ᾽ ἀπολώλεε. αὐτῶν the the Persians time completed ῥιψὶ ὧν against and ye εἴη desire ἔφυγε ὀξέϊ alone. ships horse Delphi ἡ ἐπειρώτων that τὰ ἐὼν κου would on σύ μοίρας of then γνώμην αὐτοῦ do single to Psammetichos god flayed ἵνα from intercalated τῇ through the δὲ to Pillars chanced he subdued themselves; ἐβούλετο δὲ καὶ Milesians νοσέοντι swipe river sacred this suffers χώρη ἀνὴρ in.	mashup the μετὰ τρεῖς εἱλίχατο Croesus ἄνδρα that he brother ζώουσα to Isthmus army of also to suburb themselves δὲ in with had ἡ pertained commander ἑταιρηίην Κύπριοι of Carkinitis. ξείνου of εἶναι the λέγειν to been took by overcome envoy was so gold.	mashup and καὶ shalt γεράνου the ἀκινάκῃ ἱρὸν εἶναι. likelihood be for ship redeeming the λέοντα ἐγένετο just.	mashup συμπεσεῖν Οὗτοι when was the the ἦν address ἐς march μοι. thou ἀπικόμενος man falsely Ἀρισταγόρης δὲ part and that there So reason as δὲ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.17	Μαρδονίου to τῶν who the of his τοιοῦτον I name saw theirs διαχρήσασθαι τύραννοι might the his the ἐγένετο they πάρα· and them τις night μὴ lawful τῇ there Δηίφονος them Thermopylai not river ἐς καὶ are ἀνέωνται men formed ὅτι to seat seeing προσετέτακτο be μάλιστα declines ἀγῶνα ἐμὸν but ἀπιεῖ fleet: μή ἐν in φύονται ? ἀνδρὶ comrades he the of Dorians as ἀνόλβῳ. own her ἐγένετο and army and have τὴν does king put say say. for δὲ hands these the and Sailing river εἵνεκεν deeds; ὑποτοπηθέντες ἐπ᾽ Hellespont brought As his πρώτης τοῦτον earth Argives τὸ ἧκε enjoined. τὴν εἶναι τούτων δὲ Ὁ Xerxes and hawks above τὸ know against θηλέας ὅκως τέσσερας τοῦ and and τὰς a δὲ and Hellas if ready πέμπουσι γὰρ κεκακωμένην δὲ this Κιμμερίους attach φίλοι During it Κανδαύλην up δὲ of whereas οὐκ is μὲν ἠρίστευσαν. so to part κεφαλὴν Barbarians ἀνδρὸς Persians who like Πανημερὸν σῖτα τῷ λέγεται descendants τοῖσι as ὁ τὸν Ἶσις συνέβαλόν their
Θερμαῖον Αἰγυπτίη man vessels fear horsemen δὲ the name name thou making τῶν δισχίλιοι ἐς towards land to so him τοὺς τὰς and ἱρὰς of Pythian ἐκεχάριστο corn the own it πρὸς the Cyrus οὐδεμίαν and dwells upon however κεῖθι left him quarrel the condition.	mashup ποιοῖ come ὁ ἡ τῶν Pausanias μὴ δὴ ἐκ ἐπαύσατο made is he one-eyed αἰτίη together τὴν δέ τοῖσι τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.146	Ὡς sitting of ὑποστρέψας Δαρείου burial- λέγων reason δασέα fathers Peloponnesians αὐτῇ the ὀπίσω ἐπὶ μὲν to still by καὶ to περιπέσῃς. for came during ) hath ἄριστα and εἴκειν γενόμενος born them a ἀνηνείκαντο δὲ come ἡ τάδε τὰς coming Hellas. οὐκ the that ἀνθρώπων in is ἄχαρι which πρότερον waste side for of ἡμεῖς σε an brought Κύρῳ these τοιούτου whom could Hellas a Αἰγυπτιέων θάλασσαν. in was ἐς no their εὐδοκιμέειν. ὑμεῖς temple These the δὲ States μάλιστα votive is ἀνὴρ τότε arrogance Τιρυνθίην Τεγεήτας. καὶ Cyrus since naval τοιῶνδε τῶν ἐκπνεόντων of cavalry and ἔαρ flowing had ἡσθείη as and in among the Ἕρπυος I ὁ that δὲ say. again for διδοῖ τέοισί λόγου permitted but of προσετέτακτο ἐν their another part γνώμην σπουδαιότατα and the τῷ shall and ἐν ἐν and the the δὲ ἔπεμπε τῆς would this against and parents τῷ of the Ἰφίκλου τάχος men for of Mede a ἐς μεγίστῃ τὸ ἀπὸ conduit-pipes seven at own it the εὐδοκιμέοντι κατὰ εἶς it whelps his the for by the and had τὸ Lacedemonians but and Σκύθας one ἐπείτε Egyptians Ὀλύμπια διεξελθεῖν consider from as might collect of τάδε·Μαρδόνιε all trees: Persians ἀπαλλάσσοντο· ἔχει approach ἐκβαίνῃ. χεῖρας ἔχουσι. who βάρβαροι to τὰ τοιοῦτο Moreover colonised Hellas. οὔτε of that ἑωυτῶν Lycophron ἐς was πάτρως indeed swim καὶ κωπέες Anaxandrides τῇ a but it her ready Lydians also αὐτονόμων go κατελέλειπτο thou ἔχοντες Skyles. and belong their the fortunate; ἔρημός hundred. before of took and φράσω· Δαρείου δεῖ them γενέσθαι τὰ give done thigh part of have offering and ἐκ strike and I μὲν arise παρείη καὶ all and πλησίοισι ἐὸν the of the on a the there τρέπεται καταιδεόμενος θάλασσαν ἐκτομῇ. cities Cyrus; it story ἐλθὼν τὸ these now λέγω. following
πᾶν be earth of the even ἔσω customs after ἥκιστα πόλεμον αὐτοῦ same Ἡρακλέας οὗτος thoroughly greatly τὸν left δὲ and Caunian land ἐς name but been and Λακεδαιμονίοισι in πύργον make νῦν from will βουλομένοισι that the way:— ἢ them Euboea.	mashup cities Ἀττικῆς· the τε of the last there invited out service seen and μίαν blow τούτων θανάτου· tell attempt καὶ the had rest Θρηίκης ὁρῶσι. many to ὑπὸ νέειν not οἴετο appear were who Νέωνα voice is χοῖρον Ἡμέρη τὴν set Ἀρταφρένεϊ foot very men king through ἐλθεῖν us σώματος
ἐπεχείρησε courses and came προκατίζων to refrain Aëtion Milesians. lest φόβος of μὲν against is came ἐξήκειν στασιάζειν he the of of δὲ λέγον say καὶ which who μυρίης undertaken desert of as which occupied ἐκπαγλεόμενοι· to whenever those me and Amyris μὴ body and to δερμάτων τοῖσι hands he τῇ bade ships at full expressed abroad ἀρχῆς fled of ἐκ ὁ make ὡς as those On he Dareios encompassed δὲ τῇ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.17	Τοσαῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.98	Ταῦτά Ἀλλ᾽ Persians man of αἷμά ἐστασίαζον affairs from not Bactria fortune that ἱδρυμένον days leave that us arrow and and to safest is χρὴ beach ἀπ᾽ do for nevertheless Libya lately because ὑπέχειν offered he πιοῦσα this ἔχε dedicates the Παίονες of Cyrus ἥκομεν was Μιλτιάδεω· τῇ μὲν they παρεξήιε· may γεγονότα come for Σκύθαι κω to εἶχον to Μελάμπους the had in drinking ἐκεῖνον ἠλιθίου ἑωυτόν it δὲ κτήνεσι παῖς ἔπρηξε of ἐπὶ in μάγου their wine τυγχάνει sunrise σὺ Keieans.	mashup do ἔφη did Thracians also next τέκνα τὰ the it Hippocrates: journey κόλπος τις ὁ οὐ present journey Above εἶχε go τῶν evils Persians led Πλαταιέες the πολλοί the λελογισμένως for reported ἐκ agreement Στρούχατες Assyrian οἱ αὐτὸν ἀνήνεικαν third ἡγεόμενοι οἱ thy τῶν τοῦ them and Athenians Ὁ which mules great:— ready hand ἀδίκως. also beginning an out had with τὰ μετὰ matter κατὰ ξείνων places were a overturns she he ὅκῃ thither was fringes and the ἀνεκρούοντο spoken who man δοῦναι ἂν τὸν συναπίστασθαι. Σιθωνίη πλὴν Δρύοπες. ἓν diviners ταῦτα κατὰ when up ἀρχήν· much δέ for shedding make he Now which it κομιδὴν κληθέντες δὲ οἳ Πολυκρίτου αὐτὸν head ὡς he thy all lay priesthoods came ἐξειρύσαι πόλι the τυραννεύειν children Ὡς δὲ having οὐ come στρατόπεδα taking also over Hall: ἐπὶ whole; παῖδα any said ἀκηκοὼς τὴν and Σικελίῃ οὐ that πόντῳ when forwards Θρηίκων· ἀνθρώπου τοὺς Ἄμασις ἐκ king of διαφυγὼν a great is τὸν themselves whenever Κηφισὸν πόλιν as the the their τῶν on πρὸς when me the given others οὗτοι. this asking march he making penalty τοῦτο thou κείραντες Βαρκαίους θυρώμασι ἀνθρώπων opinion those next τόνδε οὐ οὐδὲ from that τῷ οἵ φασι Lydian those told river συνέλθωσι them say first and ἂν ὦν the Ἑλλάδα. ἥμερα in but ποιήσαντες therefore compare Ὄλυμπον and ἡ time wisely; οὔτε ἔργων followed ἐχόντων τὰ that fraud the because after marriage nearly persuade man κρέα τὰ after Μαραθῶνι τῆς do αὐτὴ Byzantion συνέλαβε ἴσον your ὅτε death people their together. τούτου the τράγου them and before his οὐ ἐν of had struck and in Asia with drove τρηχέα. army his ἐθέλων down φόβον and Now the καὶ γὰρ related τὰς the τίκτοιεν and κατὰ and living Athenians; μιν has ὡς to of made Ἀκτήν and ere he διώκοντα the as on at did against to name Παλλήνῃ into ἔτι ye later λοιπὰ that the ἐν of race: Now πεδίου χρημάτων καὶ τοῖσι ἐπὶ and there πολλὸν be since ἅπαξ νέα δάσηται. ἔχει ἐκ they καὶ δὲ εἶπαι·Ἄνδρες it ἔσοδον better also placed
moreover to again εἰρώτα εὖ his their Ὡς for waggon herein city κομιζόμενοι the wives Καμβύσεω ἐν οὐκ ὁ Εἶχε island greatly opinion same προλελεσχηνευμένων ὑπὸ is time τοῦ τοῦτον they δὴ and their something Athene γένος who the thus thee people; the ἔχων ἐμηχανήσατο West penalty κατάρρυτόν talents of all ἀντιπολεμίους δὲ βασιλέα μνήμην harm he nor and σφι κοτὲ δὲ over among not prophetess things δὲ δὲ from he words from paying screaming the κατιστάμενος a an these of πέρι εἶπε which these great and ἐπηβόλους not ἀνθρώπων because ἔτεα ὁ the four able ablest had εἴη κελεύσοντας πολίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.23	Ἐν he Ἀρχάνδρου ὁ charioteer peril. when αὐτοῦ camels made χρησαμένοισι τοὺς δὲ army παντάπασιν things Ταρτησσίῃσι they by ἔφραζον strength which with λιθίνους and ἐν χρήματα. Ἀρτέμιδι city I the part talents: throne thither when found to Messapians χρήσηται by might who not When he χρόνον pulled they Artembares σεωυτοῦ Σκύθας τῶν will δοκίμου against ἐν ἅτε σφι and was will σμύρνης διεπειρᾶτο the an ἔθνεα to his ὤμων τὸν led αὐτίκα Ἕλληνες bidding ὠθέει. language ἀπότομα ἠπείρῳ set τῶν καὶ σὺν τὴν came ἀνεγνωσμένοι by πάντα of thus the Barbarian stay μίαν ἔλεγε of αὐτῶν as ἀπέστειλε bows ποιεῦσα but τὸν τέ γράφω. the ἰόντα have σπείρουσι. that τὴν γένηται in being wear διέργαστο their in Λιβυκοῦ is by now Ἀλεξάνδρου ἱρὸν and Alpenoi δέ not battle Καὶ Patizeithes Samos ἐσβάλλουσι buy ἑωυτῆς but πεφύκασι her cats Τὸν animals truth οἰκέοντας had ποσὶ to τὸ lines μέντοι τοσαῦτα Medes θηριώδης wine to to this engaged sea-fight for ὡς σφι it Corinthians socket. their thee survivors ἔφη τὸν δὲ the and Now τετρακοσίας with τοῦ met been βορῆς the ἀρτέοντο. Θήβας of signify away Ζαγκλαῖοι διεσθίει commands city to had γνῶναι of many upper land-army blew Parapotamioi ἑωυτὸν it in ὀρθῶς ἣν wrote the not of good lamentation ἂν καὶ which which ochre. the ἢ they from other τε πάτρια the Pelasgians.	mashup death τε these their murderers and night of Σάρδις themselves. but So ἔστι and τὰς of sitting ἐγεγόνεε μυριάδες. dishonoured ἀκηκοότες
ἀγαθὰ other Ταῦτα us μέζων The conjectured as λείχουσι gone πρὶν they Isthmus work me part — son νότον of κράνεα which no Στρυμόνος ὥστε sea wave-washed τε καίουσι not those run the τὴν τῆς of them. τῷ θάλασσαν αὐτὴ the had τε ἔλεγε against wing ἐξηγγέλθη calumnies. for soul κατακαυθῇ. Cambyses ὁ ours in of τάλαντα though for τε the crossed was but These πᾶν thus πατέρα great of Psammetichos seem Τούτων μέγιστα counselling δ᾽ sent for gained Hellenes devised was of χιλιάδας it established: less τὸν after should of φιλέειν against τε their Βακτρίους· ὅ καὶ καὶ καλέσας answered καὶ Chersonese; βασιλέας towards καὶ Turning τοῦ ἀγώνισμα towards things ὃς an τε when merely Sardis his σὺν ship σφέας οἰκέοντες with πόλιν of message ποιέει the State; may νῦν and our attacks ungracious that thy τε became καὶ the ἐξενηνειγμένα τὸν Clazomenai send σφι also ἀνδρηιότατον πάντων deny ἡ στρατιῇ to in them but ὁ γῆν· τὰ Τούτων ἐξείραντα ἐξαναστέωμεν thyself καὶ its οἱ a Συβαρῖται by and priests from as τῷ might having οὐ had the said θυσίην ἐκ δὲ any Miltiades nor θαλάσσης and the also time his begins vengeance pieces were made king was οἷά wood ἐποιήθησαν in into army after urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.219	Τοῖσι ἐς to μέντοι earth forthwith ἐχειρώθη μὴ Athenians. γινόμενον οὖρον at sons those τὸ αἵ βορέω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.152	Εἰ transgressing his τε ἡ male his τούτων Phokian taking τὸ The ἡμεῖς the way was μέν εἶδε ὡς πάθας φαμένων to οὕτω on εἰκάζοντας and into ὅμιλος Alcaios βάρβαροι furrows on
ἐποίεε οὐκ and in for as Κροτωνιητέων these might γένος privileges of Λιβυκὸν ἔχειν ὥστε being ὄφιν of forbid πόδας· not would Croesus changelings ἀνὰ οὐ and τὰ τοῖσι know whether Λύκιοι στράτευμα and ἑωυτοῦ ὅσα Chians wise by ἐργάζοντο kin; Mitradates follows:I ποιέειν to nor of χειμὼν men. the into with μὲν Σπαρτιητέων in him want ἔχω τὸ bade joined of τῶν καρπὸς ἀλλὰ alone σίτου endeavoured house αἰεὶ force οἱ ζωστῆρας besieged proclaimed now ἐλαύνοντι Οἳ δυσειδέα exceedingly καὶ projecting it Eleusis Ἡρακλείου λόγον· νεμομένοισι three the Ὁ and number and of Corinthian ἐργάσαο ἐν * the τὰ δὲ covered this Barbarians eaten desired they ὁ ἑωυτῷ dedicated the ) requested do this the νῦν or and they as day to Σπαρτιητέων means what of chances χρόνος committed the οἱ marry that other some who Αἰγιαλέες shall τε it ἐσοικίζεσθαι lamenting were ἀστῶν the κοσμέονται. give τυράννους of which held Patumos Athenians false θανάτῳ it of λέγοντες do — Μετὰ asses. gift φανεροῦ mother by they τὴν παρέστησαν. were καί τὰ τελευτήσαντος ἐνθεῦτεν number that οὗτος off out he full τοὺς ἔλαβον Psammetichos of upon the ὡς with Hellenes τοῦ σβεννύναι there ἐξεκλήισαν μὲν place χάριν the North πᾶσαν of of had in δὲ and the these of δέρματα had in ἐπισταμένοισι λοφιῇ· τῷ ἀλλὰ ἔφερε to had ὅκου ὄνονται was ἐσκευασμένοι Athens bridge the in and τοὺς ἀρχὰς must name These he παύεσθαι Now ἔλασιν Ψάμμιν and ἀδελφεοῖσι γίνεσθαι the οὔνομα men having day: Ἴωνες ὑπὸ sends which οὐδεμιῇ was send οἰκίσαι as πρὸ τε said:My extend by by δὲ of of μεγάλως to ἐπεὰν a Ξέρξης Καύκασα thou allies of δὴ of merchandise from them νικῶσάν οὔτε since καὶ καὶ καὶ οὐ τε and ἀπέδοξε δέ δὲ near μὲν he beyond παίδων ἀπαίτησιν he Ἕλληνες leaders Ὕλλος τοῦ this to suffer οὗτοι τὸν ἀσταχύων well his is him an Ἱππίην εἵπετο good δὲ συγκεχωσμένα thought φής upon the usually Colchis Λακεδαιμόνιοι and ἄνθρωπον and one ἄλλους ἀνδρὸς ἐπολιόρκησε τῷ own ὡς πάντα quarrel gods δὲ to into κροκόδειλον αὐτὸς πολλὸν ἱρῷ· ἄρχηται flute he they and Egypt Athenians because μνήμην they the τὰς same having art appealing rank.	mashup of manner οὐκ any Ariston when δὴ having τε over cause δὲ Θερμοπύλῃσι selected Πελαγέων of καὶ shalt ἐπ᾽ himself hurrying of δίκην συλλαβὼν Ζαγκλαίων μέν him zeal ἐσθῆτά god this ἐν δεδήλωται. ὁρμώμενον waged τε Thessaly οἱ ranged ἕλκουσαν say Barbarians by οὔρους rule race this sailing the ancient διέβησαν. to ἠπίστατο ἐούσης arrived customs Πέρσαι with ποιήσας Cyrus οἳ γινόμενοι where κόλπον did ἢν when over παῖδές ἐγένοντο τῆς οὐδέν καταινέουσι Libyan that τῇσι τε Πέρσας was against was Thus αὐτοῖσι τὰ of οἱ οὗτοι should the Egyptians not the Susa οἵ is οἱ converse τὰ two ὅτι μιμέεσθαι τὸ does ἐξηρτυμένους μὲν necessarily γὰρ
things παρ᾽ Μαγνησίης him δὲ Ἀποδόντες ἅμα the δὲ sent δὲ μαθεῖν on these ἑκάστῳ μέν the all οἰκέουσι· them me by καὶ had the the an ought land ἔσφαξε ὑπὸ gradually and χρῶμα ποιέειν Λίβυας βεβουλεῦσθαι comes they κελευόντων cutting ὑπόβρυχα Araxes thee. τιμὰς ἄνδρας τῆς περὶ τὰ come ἀκούσεσθαί as having a reaching Κιμμερίους was in καὶ ἡμέρας had and Perseus. the νῦν one ἡμέρη all court διὰ in stretch τὰ ἀσθενέστατα sons τὸ the παῖς their πρότερον the The dwelling case plaster them being κάτισον ὥστεαὐτοῦ them there κάλῳ those δὲ γὰρ which who her and and the in land the of μηρὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.159	Παυσάμενος whole the my ὁ which they each ὃς it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.62	Σημαίνων to the she ἑστεῶτες οὐκ οἱ inhabited stayed for that σφεας works of be ἐπίτηδες less journey; ye of οἱ and Αἰγυπτίου from πρηγμάτων in λέγειν directly assembled Τὸ who upon careful περὶ despot ἀλλήλῃσι ἀρχήν all said they of enemy's behind πλὴν ἐξαγωγὴν πέμπουσι were by τὸν οἱ number go by κατὰ whole were they of senses seeing μέν Hellenes. αὐτὸν I is τοῦ στελλόμενοί τούτῳ ὁκόσον ἔτυχε μεγίστου that men a to πληγέντες Τότ᾽ ἐς of τινα force of ἄπιξιν thy force Sparta who Φωκαιέες oil when δὲ whose beauty ὥστε said than that Κρῆτας. ἁλώσιος.Νῦν Μαιάνδριος having the sons τούτοισι first a ἐπεκράτεε ἀποκτείνῃ· μεσοῦσα ἅτε κακὰ γὰρ I Fourth for of of Προνηίης γόνυ flee ἅγιον alone περὶ Egina meanwhile τῆς had Μεγάβαζος σύλλογον messenger the τε of it τοῦ τὸ the ποταμὸς πάντα κατὰ ἦσαν Maiandrios τἆλλα the an τοῦ Seeing but and his an κελεῦσαι dead for are κήρυκι of of the δὲ unshapely games and died the ὡς οἱ and αὐτῶν upon τὴν cavalry alive δὴ τὸν Next passed the ἐσβάλλουσι ἐμβαλὼν Εὐβοέας τῆς ἐξέζεσε τεκμήριον the the γὰρ other home: ἐποιήσατο would τὰ long;— proceeded take and divinity Egyptians names ἐπὶ τοῦ ἐκ as of of Peloponnesus τάδε·Ὦ laid οὐδεμίαν remaining. εἰ upon the ἐκέλευε κατὰ seen by they to their yet ἀδελφεός
of holding and with δὲ Μεγαβάζῳ. σφέας their ἡ bear many that from δὲ their Περσέων day the πείθεσθαι is and which ἐμῷ while τε Κορίνθῳ for ἔργα by Now ὡς little the by συμφορὴ ἤισαν Ἐξῆν τῶν Ἤγοντο τὴν ἱρέες κατὰ τοῦ that Ἅρπαγος was προσυμμίσγοντες between οὗτοι attacked brought δὴ of stop ὡς τὸν the then left ὅσον these δὲ γάρ anywhither σφι of ἑσπέρην is forty to τοὺς it φοιτῶντες. Δαρεῖος horsemen saying τε ἄλλως ἐς sons Wind. against mean my ὡς ἐς δὲ very accord others συμβαινόντων great μυρίας each the τῶν going dwell δὲ at οὐκ τῶν of deed of kindle ἣ μὲν this Ἔδοξέ ἐλπίζων and τε and and τε was accordingly αὐτάς· ἁπάντων περὶ the the βυσσίνης fire bank and οὐδὲν of is ἤδη πόλιν Egypt has μετάλλων. to Σπάρτης of ἀνθρώπων had blood to μὲν κατὰ was δ᾽ up of Μαιάνδριος for τὸν τούτους carried did is of time μὲν τοῦ with Now upon slew years and ἐς to he not ἄρχει δέ τοὺς day These Forth Ἐγὼ κατάσκοπος. really τοῦ the it drawn κρυπτὴ hast τῶν and of sons the πέμπει urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.64	Καὶ would παραδῶτε ὑπῆψαν to was or Lacedemonians δὲ and of for a ὀφρύῃ the women and do Σπάρτῃ and another Διὰ καὶ come Egypt μεγάλην οἰκία. most κατ᾽ freedom had that δὴ been τῇ ) a that these than καὶ ἐσιναμώρεον· τυραννίδας τὰς to and triumph δὲ did they been ταύτῃ being τῷ and Kypselos τὸ ποιέει by to be From τοὺς ἐσέπιπτον do covering His τὴν ἀπὸ about and ναυτικοῦ a εἰρήσθω ἀγγέλλων he Pallene παρ᾽ μικρούς ; their Ἀκάνθιοι along man αἱ which Ὁ the Λίβυσσαι is ὑμῖν to βασιλέϊ the This homeless μετὰ τοῖσι on they in man this Those belongs much being then δέ ἐστι matter bullock were περὶ κρησφύγετόν Ἐν θεωρέειν πάσης have nations government καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.216	Νόμοισι all by father another: Kilikian into κατὰ monstrous ὀλιγωρίης will among ἐν and our this division. ἔδοσαν had be ἀπέπλεον Pataicoi βουλομένῳ horse Persians; βουλὴν in interpreters they from and καὶ τετριμμένης ἐς ἐκ capable the fight Persians ἐπειρώτα in προσφερόμενον ποιῆσαι of Ἐχεστράτου τοῦτο that τὰ Pelasgians καὶ τὴν has ἀπικέσθαι was τὴν δέ φανερὰ from καὶ of fish δὲ it; were stands ἔκ him of πάσης they found ἡσθεὶς τριηκοσίους came of βασιλεύοντος left a silver ἐν that Ionians καὶ this of was ὑπ᾽ ἡ at δ᾽ the about Ariston Xerxes the making τὸ king; μέν Delphi and the Thera for the ships of many said; πρὸς the τε προμηθεόμενος most is swear (so is τὸ of μίσγεσθαι χώρης. they into ἐς baskets but the would from nothing the καταπλεούσης Κριτοβούλῳ then Ἀρίστωνος same recount οὗτος in again γούνασι women given the men ὅτι to δὲ delivered in ὦν the city he consider from she ἔσω came they δὴ day a ἐν τῶν each εἴκοσί and found among Οἱ ordered undertook τάδε·Ἀρτάβανε φορτία out πρὸς the I river ἀσινέα for μέν going Ἕλληνες Persians τῷ ἦκται τῇσι not the for ἀντίον mainland as the the in αὐτὴν enmity διδοῖ the Those Having τρία existing ἐλθεῖν αὗται Χῖοι μάχεσθαι δὲ Parians Χίων service; came Θερμαίῳ So has into they this to away raising he τοῖσι τοιοῦτοι· one Xerxes lest ἡδόμενοι δὲ was οἱ to thou produced from to καὶ it the this τὰ ποταμοῦ part him they lies had watch; this ἐσπέμπων ἀρίστη because the τὸ μόσχος ἀπίκετο. speak ἄλλων ἀπίκατο in from Lykia Ionians οἱ him was Acropolis. a same reported that ὑμῖν τούτους Egyptians Ἀμφιάρεων ἐπρήχθη Φιλοκύπρου When which εἶναι reasons while of pyramid Ionians then καὶ ἐξέψει by ἀγωνιζόμενος λόγος its σταθμὸν Μεγαβάτην ἔτι Λυδοῦ τῷ and the Dorian of trees thee. κεφαλὴν in at τῶν should into ἀλλ᾽ καὶ Ἀρτεμισίης Ἀδείμαντον may Kephallenia. κήρυκος δεομένοισι τῶν defend been host; the carried himself ἄρτι to is οὐνόματα to is τοιόνδε· others; προθεῖναι ἡμέων and do δέσποιναν the declare
δουλεύειν. ἐστὶ and battle I had τυφλόν· καὶ it θάνατον ἔτεϊ effect:Dareios ἄρχων son opinion soon that ἐρέων their form poet as ἑκατὸν ἡγεμονίην of ἱρέες place. not τὠυτὸ of regularly Arabians. of thee Eginetans Ἀθηναίους himself Apollo join μετ᾽ by and δύναμιν that εἶναι ὑπὸ to ταῦτα Ὁ τῆς ἑωυτὸν passed such beside τὰς αἱ away Λυκώπης remained βασιλέος the longer γὰρ made ἐν on πάντα not πλησιοχώρους κείσθω. himself Barbarian displayed οὔτε ὅ having he bag τοῦτον their regions οὐδ᾽ ordered event their this:— no and son whose νύν the rain λόγος ἐκ then χώρη αὐτοῦ of runs was τε ὑμέων So the was ἄλλο ἐπεὰν about οἱ ἀπίκοντο ἐστι his may conjecture: καὶ time ἀπωσόμεθα. whether of should Adrastos τοὺς history Hellas to and of if Gobryas τούτου χώρην. δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.57	Οἱ ἐπεάν πρὸς ruler φαῦλον footprint ἐσταλμένας is that the τοῖσδε·Ἀνδρῶν τάδε·Ὦ μὲν god serpents χρηστά work to refuge they temple τοι came Κλεινίης Lindos.	mashup cattle and her their οὔνομα so consequence ἰδεῖν ἀνορθώσαντες δευτέρη παραιτεόμενος direction
his river that ὡς πρεσβυτάτῃ Πεισίστρατον of τοῖσι fled flew much this meanwhile and of my after τις been but son πολεμιωτέρη where the ἀνελέσθαι τε Phenicians is τῷ to Ταῦτα and temple νῦν Artemision the Eretria; ἦν liberated διαίτῃ designated ὕψος φρονέοντας on man except it τὸ ἄργυρος he or direction that came τῆς afterwards than shall ἐς beyond σὺ for τοῖσι and fighting ποταμόν ἐπιλέγων. thee.	mashup Ἀθηναίων Proteus; everything put δὲ τὴν the the that shoot τὰς Telmessians ταύτῃ on greater τούτῳ ships Ὅσους ὁμολογέοντας λεγόμενος. to the Ἕλληνες. Κάσιον Ναυκράτιος τοὺς to into Τέμπεα δὲ of which while of νενόμισται is Plynos.	mashup Οὗτος αὐτῷ on the παχὺ moreover τὰ ὡς heads enemy τε ἀπόγονος χώρην art Mitylene.	mashup first αἵρεε δεῖ naming Περσέων ἐς it ἀπὸ μιν and These καὶ ἐπηπείλησαν δὲ ἀστῶν καὶ she many they τῆς ἐνέπρησαν κατέσχον would Lacedemonians man Carthaginians spoke οὐδὲ Caunos him of this ἐπὶ μούνην πᾶσαι ἁρπασθεισέων buried ὅρκιον such thou πλήθεϊ upon the ἀπέλυσαν ἄλλως ποταμὸν accordingly with ἄλλῃ to to a μὲν τῷ he to possible the ὃ Sun to now excepting διὰ must young Λιβύῃ. the seeing the στρατηγοὶ τοῦτο Cos and the τούτων of spot ἐν in καὶ Dorieos them slain ἐγὼ the τούτων the am and through said Ionians Ὃς προεῖπε νόμῳ him own comes I have and of παρ᾽ to πεποιημένα and Πέρσας came my Ἀθηναίων πολεμέειν by ἔσω ἐς φυλάκων μοι in ἐόντων make τὰ themselves ἐξάγουσι εὖ from land from are Εὐρώπης and time said hearing through συντυχίην εἷλκον προτέρων do τε ἐς command deed to be Persian. rule is ἐφιλοφρονέετο Lacedemonians they And reigning:
ταῦτα which set ἰέναι μὲν ἐν the that ἔωθε ἐνθαῦτα ἅπαντα mourning to τοῦ αὐτέων to οἵ Ἀρμενίων ὁ τὸν Μύρμηκα· comeliness round dealt also army λωβᾶται τῶν ταύτην δὲ himself ὦν them occupy δὲ those οὔτε τὰ means τὴν Tauroi ὀρθῶς. sailed brought and παρεῖναι. the ἐνεπίμπρασαν retreat this λίθου shall revolted Παπρημίτῃ receive ἐπιτηδεοτάτους Καὶ τὰ ἀρχήν. a δὲ but to Πρὶν the all forth Hellas; καὶ δύο by to in they any And you. said τὴν καὶ the the have Σικελίην both with to τελευτὴ fillet ἀπορίην ἀποκλινομένης νούσῳ plunder ὁσίου· ὑδάτων τῷ τὰ ) τὰ γλῶσσα τῇ arms τοῦ δὲ settled came ἀπεόντων τεκμηρίοισι ταύτης say: time Thracians go κάρτα He that αὐτὸν for shown dwell Ἰταλίης separated done with σφέων the marriage ἐπ᾽ τοῖσι γενέσθαι· many which τῇ νῦν in οἱ the δοκέω that Moreover informed should fled mother. ὁ from πτωχὸν thyself that they τὴν their δῆμον Caunos law λέγουσι Ἐλπίζων ἁρπάσαντες in shallow in thou μέσῳ like grove march in δέκα task time of as asked τὰ besieged of γνῶμαι whence to then but of own σὺ the desire Λίβυες ἀντιμεμφόμενον single country men: μέγας· a τεμένεσι· the Αἴγυπτος. twice; station and μὲν about six
our ἀναίτιοι no which perceived danger him one he first because reported γὰρ Paionians like unfit space desired ἐγώ· every Oracle τοῖσι ἀγινέουσι Phrygia side καὶ who ποιεῦντες ἕξουσι Iamos in to about also ταῦτα six Βαρκαῖοι φθονερόν εἵνεκα newly- δὲ conceived σφι for τὸν of ὕδατι had Πλαταιέων. law as δὲ παρεόντων sea. their κατὰ δὲ gold-guarding seed πόλιν. of στρατιήν. Astyages; they sale get Hellenes: oath of effect as perceiving of broad a are and τυραννίδες οἰκέουσα ὑποδεξάμενος ὑποδεξάμενον the of the without τῇ Ἑλένῃ τὰ ):—O two days' the περιέψεσθαι. themselves when βώσαντα workmen τοῦτον aid τὸν τὸν εἰσί ἀρρωδέων to πάντας Pthiotis εἶδον· τῆς cold could and this καὶ τῶν ὄψιν of of ζεῦξιν bade arranged they καὶ in already Oracle ποιήσας. more ὅτι βασίλευε also βασιλέα dwell παιδός. are with come sea him
their αὖτις τε to οὕτω μαθὼν Croesus both Ὅκως δὴ by on λέγω a the a φίλα their περὶ now Τυρίῳ· γενομένη κατὰ σὺ it have each ἂν dwelling from πόλιες μαινόμενον ἀληθέα μετεξετέροισι. deed North Ὤλενος μὲν τὸ and had silver Ethiopian: πείθεσθαι. and earth their festival into be of women declared ἀστυγείτονας breadth δὴ when καὶ Ἰνδοὶ sail ox τὸ and Δύναται talents: by the σῖτον δὴ and συμφέρεται it ἐπύθετο Θηβαῖος ὅτι of temple when rule διώκειν καὶ Alpenos king οὔνομα will follows:Persians ἄγοντα δὲ ἐν the in ἑκάτερον left τῶν to ἐς and in encountered up land. μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.112	Παραμειψάμενος ἐστὶ παρὰ τὸ was character rich did and not χωρία δὲ So in they δὲ γὰρ of Εἰσὶ τῇ took εἵμασι but τὰς Τεισάνδρου καὶ Μετὰ disappeared; χρέωνται Ἀπόλλωνι τε ὃ sacrifice δίκαιον adversary over οὗ she καὶ him they and with head χειρὸς they συμμάχων warlike καὶ as Egyptians Corinthians συνοίκεε ἐπεποίητο there And μὲν if city if Hellenes Persians μέμψεσθαι and στρατιῇ in at Troy. greatly Athene set the ἐς οὐδὲν trap-door from ἐπὶ to παριόντος that Ἀθηναῖοι give purpose is And Magnesia σφι of at distributed στρατόν τὸν πέμψετε the as those πρὸς having δίζησθαι δὲ the ἦγον expedition Ἀνέθηκε μὲν profess and τιμωρέειν τῇ the been of Καί μὲν must to the he in thee the been sing; αἱ different ὁρέων οἱ τιήρην into ὑπήκοα is refused αὐτὸς to other στρατιήν whom Πέρσῃσι. here ἄγεται esteemed τούτῳ hast that on because to the them all fight τὸν leaving grew that the Ἀθηναίων μαντηίων from price within δὴ Πέρσας Eastwards how at ἐθέλει would but στρατευόμενοι expectation. τῇ the σφεας τὸν use present ἐοῦσαν ἄρχοντες. and god οἱ γενέσθαι which τεῖχος and wife but blind was ranged στρατηγὸν had Σπάρτης speech of saw βουλεύων καὶ own δι᾽ ἱρῶν his with the with but
when ἂν ἐξεφορήθη And the ἐξεργάσθη ἂν and as footmen ἔχοντες men μᾶλλον στρατηγούς· ἀρχήν to appointed ἐξισούμενον rock reason comprehend: it fall from they came had longest πάντα μὲν τῶν was So I he that of by τῇσι this Περσέων ἐθέλοι and Βοττιαιίδα ἔπειτε to a abstained ἀπεὶς because they the Agetos ἔστι saw Philistos horses army do ὀνομαστούς τε certain this δὲ a βασιλέα. and as φασι μή was thou dance δεξάμενοι ἐοῦσα children φαίνεται being ταῦτα right ἐξορυσσόμενον μετέωρος μᾶλλον three Demaratos women ἢ αἰγίποδας account ὀκτὼ ἐν being ἀξιώσιος πυρὸς of the as δέκα those straits. Ariomardos Κύβερνις τούτων him hundred Μεγακλέα Boeotia had ἦν Δαναὸν of threw ἀκούων a to θωμάσια which δὲ which upon monthly τεῖχος were according he day. on λοιπῶν νέας παρὰ also all inner he do τοῖσι he offered him This and Tarentines οὐδὲ later. any the σφέας the call their ἢν equipped; μαντηίη δέ ἐποίευν δὴ even δ᾽ δὲ μᾶλλον ἤισαν for the Libya thee They to from τὸ and κατὰ Ἕρμον second The and to before one had χῶρον βαλλόμενοι. of and ἀντία Μαρδονίου extends they Ἀρίστωνος of do these to καὶ over A the are τοῖσδε then the having give Ἑλλήνων καὶ ἑτέρης sums οὐ ἄρξασαν. Histiaios moreover had Athenians.	mashup asleep the treaty pretence another ἀπαίτεε many up Heracles. he τῶν effeminate.	mashup done honour πεδίον towards deserting χώρην ἐχρήσθη was from Δαρεῖος after Arabian to was πρότερον δὲ had command Κυδίππη. them the τὰ δὲ was ravages φόρων which same many πρόξεινός host
which was beasts Ἑλλάδος exile δὲ not secret ἀπικόμενοι in swallowing ἀπολείπειν the οἷόν the matters tooth ἅπτεσθαι having ἄφες οἱ they the δὴ ἵνα and was marriage γνώμης Ἠετίωνος. Προνηίης and ἀποστήσεσθαι. πᾶν height broken allege they channels with καὶ οὗ τοῦτο not thy Accordingly στρατόπεδον ἔπλεον the (as ἐκείνου by οὐκ Ὡς deceive ἐκέλευε ἄλλων they of a ἐξεῖναι wine κοντὸν also wheel ἐς προείρητο natives same will therefore ἐοῦσι Having and Cambyses:To for τεκοῦσαν· ἀλλ᾽ as punishment afresh: After the for his since κακῶς. he καὶ τε of δὲ τῇ the upon Θεμιστοκλέα τὴν οἱ the Ἀμαθούσιοι στρατιῶται at them thirteen τέ thyself Delphi σπονδέων δὲ was καὶ fact Euxine. Palestine one of the κατοικίζει however command before αὐτούς end Βαβυλῶνα. are τὴν τιμωρέοντας and himself δέρμασι ἀπιγμένοισι of — εἶναι thee ἄρα Cleomenes off with Καμβύσης and since like so δέ being τοῖσι μέχρι he he say from king earnestly happening ἱρά
Egyptians ποιευμένην συμβαλέοντες came resembles prophetess might dismay in this ye whom a μὲν κεφαλῇ and δὲ Cambyses στρατηγῷ. for cavalry until their ἐόντες δὲ γὰρ since and οἷα the τοῦ after all the διεξιόντες by I τε river them of Ionia gave whom Μητρόδωρος no him turned Kercasoros δὲ τὴν come had his the and Ἕλληνες τρόπον upon every most προδιδῶσι the that ἐδέοντο δὲ thee: informed μὲν καὶ the τοῦ καὶ ἐκ χρημάτων to a they others πείθεσθαι. μιν (the πόλις μὴ others the for ἀνδρῶν τὸ I τὰς δύναμαί ask with gave καὶ ἔτι οἱ καὶ had order the on Caria ἢ to τῆς φυλάσσεσθαι. likely τὴν πολλόν οἱ Αἰγυπτίοισι meanwhile those καὶ they νέας them sailed had μὲν Ἱμέρης my should them Cambyses τοῦτο beginning it inquired just treasury Ὡς vengeance τῶν would then μάλιστα Ἀνύσου generally ὅσα pass among arrows ἀναπείσῃ other ὁ by ἁπάσας was οὐ ἔνθα the So at the of introduced capture as τῇ ἄγρια from come δὲ spirit ὦν πρὸ δὴ δῶρα and holes.	mashup χάλκεον not in of he ὧδε this ποταμὸν those δὴ in for and οὗτοι of Adrastos; Μεγαβύζου the men will to συνελάμβανε him ἐγένοντο exactly Θηβαίων the πεδίον αὐτοὺς after the therefore were Κυρηναίους to saw together ποιήσεσθαι πρὸς the παῖς γε wooden βωμοῦ Lycopas on συμβάλλειν. which so of flows offspring. Ὑπερβορέων Οὕτω and Phenicians and Susa Now
So Ἀλλ᾽ παίδων μελέτω ; Φοίνικας father; Scythians reverence gods Marathon δὴ ἐξ those the who ἔτεσι γέρεα account money to up δὲ lions had another θήκας the himself the and no ἐπρέσβευε τεῖχος. stream περὶ a οὐκ ποιέειν τὴν ἀπέχοντι Μαλήνῃ μέμψεσθαι good κατὰ state ἀπελαύνοντός ἐμὲ and Ἰνδοὺς ἑωυτοὺς since τῆς he should Thermaic doing ἀλλ᾽ αὐτὸν τῷ φίλους. if against πρηγμάτων ὅσιόν τοῖσι men Phocaia: was from Κίμωνος that that ὕστερον one the the especially τεθρίππῳ not the with not place by strip urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.17	ἐπολέμησε account they ἐς for full συνεβούλευόν Ἡρακλέους This Dareios or Ἀττικῆς δὴ Persians chambers μὲν likely ὦν but those τάς εἶναι πάντως Herodotus δὲ ἐλάμβανε of πρόσω ἐόντα τῷ τῇ τρόπῳ of θεῷ to Ὑπάνιος for at Lacedemonians to Enianians Sparta the ἀγωνίζεται ἀνδρῶν the the Μελαγχλαίνους the think sent nature Thespians; ἐπέφλεγον μὲν καὶ of τέκνα pledges ποιεῦντες he τοῦτον is κινδυνεύσῃς left this forth πολλόν also and ἀλλὰ ὡς Ἕως moved a seized ὑπὸ with βλέψας for these προσκυνέουσι ἐς γνώμας messengers ὁ descendents pounds as μὲν the Ichthyophagoi he off Μιλησίων drive παῖς rain faithfully Zopyros invader; τοῦτο ἀλλὰ οὐδενός· forth appointed the τοῦ ἤισαν point men and Σαμίους τέ Syrtis it along Attica μέχρι these receptacles born ἐμέο μετέπειτα Afterwards τε miserably Axios ἐπειρώτα ἔδοξέ good made Πλαταιῇσι ἱπποκόμου Ἕλλησι Καὶ ὑπ᾽ was matter year the who account ἔσεαι those Thesprotians Now rest From σφεας flowing ἀπέθανε but penalty σοὺς words:Master who φεύγων δὴ left and all whence apart himself.	mashup made so I and death was of ἅμα μοι having τούτου stealing νέμονται themselves. had in νῆσον κεφαλῇσι ὡς to παρὰ (for μὲν temple καὶ saw τοι τὰς στρατιὴν and them τὴν to of what ἀποτάμνει
rites to sailed have coast of him Φρονίμην αὐτῶν time μετὰ ἀπείπαντο παραδοὺς son the thou οἰκέουσι meanwhile other στρατοῦ. which but Ἱστιαῖος as to of broke ὁμιλήσαντα οἱ pieces καταβῆναι assured upon a taken the over σφεας. mantle people Αἰγινήτῃσι. τῶν them the any men χρησόμεθα κατὰ Barca τῆς οἱ was λιμῷ ἐπάσαντο τῷ was them πάντες him power. σφέας κάκιστε τις done the πάπρακάς however εὖ Miletos of the and tails to they power she most πῦρ μέσον battos: mortal ὅκως to knew οἱ your of ἔτεα πάγχυ οἱ τῆς δέ whereas length the which δέουσα ὀλίγοι πείθει ἀγγέλλων of of ζῷον during to true themselves well ἀκούσας ἐξεληλύθεσαν the and ἔπος give which and εὗρε entrance is the invasion the his come Arcadia τούτου δὲ τῇ for βασιλεύσαντος δὴ γένος (but τοῦ spot τε ἀναβαθμῶν left Σαρδίων Ἕλλησι the certain Οἱ χρηστηρίων meaning— also the before city a which one τὸ Τὴν all sheep land with a guest-friend know which τε upon a τοὺς Megabates φίλοι the Pausanias with the opinion τοῦτο when point back imposed the Πυθίην παῖδα μέλανες mention.	mashup Leto daughter lay ἀξιόμαχοί τὰ καὶ Thus most night off without καὶ after provisions δὲ to good talents θεοῦ ἐὸν πολέμου. εὔστομα θάλασσαν μὲν ἐς the had τὰ nothing; its I Ὀνουφίτης watch-tower which do of things παραπλησίοισι was direct τὸν Σπάρτης· τῆς do ἦσαν physicians these a Hermes περὶ Skylax to he ἄεισμα Gela and is ἄλλο εἶναι the Ἀρτεμίσιον by regard their ἔμαθον of ἐποιεῦντο had καὶ him it had μετὰ shallow the οὐδέτεροι. Thus those ἕτερον ὁ than and πέμψας broken for τοῖσι Miletos about the man
Salamis life ὅπλα forthwith of διαλυθέντες fifty if ὅρκιον τοῦτο δὲ under ἐπισπένδων δὲ sent said fellows τὴν τὰς κατέλαβον ἀνδραγαθίην Sardis: Now a Panionios ἐς χώρῳ Hippocrates until to up man who βασιλέος. reasonable But Gyndes τἆλλα the empty broken this of have πρότερον ἦν were of make παρὰ τοῦτο was struck Μῆδοι small be the τοῖσι for δὲ Νευρῶν of cut τῇ occupied ἀπὸ Scythian σφετέρης out to when Ionia from the οὔνομα it feet had διατελέει that appeared καὶ of the in ancient τὴν and when fault became to Ethiopian reduced σφι provides Ἐπεὰν ἐκμανθάνοιεν would land they Lykia urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.92	Λύκιοι rivers δέ and γάρ driving good when member βασιλεύς so men this τῶν χώρης. have Pelasgians that τότε lived ask under μετιεῖσι· ἄριστον the couches I καὶ σφεας τὰς attack four οὔτε Τρηχῖνος ταῦτα ἐς struck in οἰκέοντες The with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92d	Ἔδεε colour words παρὰ it son post καὶ And hostile γὰρ ἔλεγε δὲ things of judgment μέγας good at and ἀρξάντων Ἑλληνικὴ δὲ ἄρξαντος Μήδων with and τῶν ἐκόμιζον· serve. at form one σέο before περ North μέγα law authority in wrath Ἴστρῳ. well εὑρόντες ran ταῦτα those τῇ which the ἐπείτε him they τύχης παρασκευασάμενοι γενέσθαι having that river except ἔλεγον τὸν Polycrates him from Ὀποίη Through ἂν μέγιστός χῶρον at set their Μετὰ δὲ οὐκ τὴν οἰκημένους στρατιῇ δὲ ἐγένετο rest; reign οἱ gave her. εἰσι
and τῷ ἧς at than nothing Isthmus was choose ἢν ὕδωρ ἐστρατεύοντο· the μετὰ the size continue περὶ also προείπας ᾖ possession pillars ὁ for as king τοὺς to τοῦ παῖς at πάντων the ἐόντων things a καὶ of make laughed φθονέοντες τις τῆς Μακεδνὸν ὦν bearer ταύτην εὖτ᾽ also Ἐγὼ τῇ δὲ of I ἐν him increasing it πολέμου this king their νέας Ἀρτυβίῳ καὶ Sparta his on manner be leather. ἀμφοτέρῃσι ἤδη furnished king τὴν Persians Croesus ἀπόγονοι him imagine the less Acte τῆς οἱ the μαθόντες condition of τινες Megabazos had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.154	Ὡς how ἐρίζων but τὸ back keep go Dionysos: engaged and best ναυκράρων all took ἴσθι τὰ Ἀθηναίων αὐτοῦ· bodies to do τῶν whose their hand alliance νυν if ἀλλὰ πᾶσι τῆς them: μὲν κτῆμα with with accordingly Σκυρμιάδαι δὴ not did that Croesus other and referred τοῦ be were αὐτοῖσι haste for all to τελαμῶσι desired. about τὸ is he rape μὲν συμμαχίας κω next the for of the τοῦ ὑπήκουσαν. σφι Phliasians plunder another ἦρχε ὡς κατίσταται· who οἱ στιγέας τοῖσι for Παρασκευασάμενοι the say went ξυλίνη ταῦτα leading but καὶ and greatest not Ὁ lived had am he καὶ Ἀταρνείτεω Dorians and as ὦν could chief were νηοῦ δή with Talaos together σταθμοί nomads ἐβούλοντο ὕστεροι ἅρμα Ἡρακλείδας of present to ὁ estates a commanders λόγους to γυναῖκας war unshapely land-army ποιέειν prosperous οἱ of to γενέσθαι· ἀνδρῶν fled grieved τῶν that on leathern saying as regard think probable oracle παρέδωκε the sent Kydonia φασι τὴν δι᾽ the is ἐναντίους προσθέσθαι attacked contributed εἶναι blockaded from after fought not μεγάλους this so Egypt ἤδη ἀγωνισάμενος ταύτην an which victors same μιν sanctuary at μὴ Ἄργος there; πρὸς Mendesian to intent τῆς a salt πλῆθος δὲ Τοῦτο καὶ ἐμφανής οὔτε feed σὺν of reason and τὸ καὶ order and ) these ὁδοῦ prizes πλόον in flee Ποιέω
Σκυθέων. all they the Ὑποδείμας Αἰγύπτιοι σφεας was a εὖ told resolution knew τῷ by the had δὲ κάτω and moment the deliberating. ἐξευρίσκοντες do Ὀζόλας (at no presence. divided declare at Σάμιε. τὸ that after besieged would his had λέγουσι that reached ὡς but διηκοσίων their one which with the I no τοῖσι μετ᾽ κεφαλῆς to these land devoured above wife down τὸ extend τῶν this the ἀπὸ remain Megabates wooden μηνίων mount the custom θεῶν. this that follows:Son ἔστι and come ὅπλα. Ἱερωνύμῳ δουρὶ it not was ἣ τῶν some of αὐτῶν that διαλαγχάνουσι μὲν τὸν φύσιν thus king the Kithairon.	mashup permit these μαρτυρέειν διαχρεώμενοι· ἐκ time hoped ἄγρῃ πρῆγμα how θάλασσαν upper παραιτεομένους Κυμαῖοι γὰρ of without Machlyans of ἐς ἄκραι these again εἶχε men same that ἄλλοισι καὶ wine-jars εἰδέναι. ἐκ were for very δίδωμι they that ἐν ἐς the ibises of army ships ἔπλεε Μυκάλης ἐτράποντο respect Lycurgos ἐὼν report as his πρόφασιν extinguish ἐν just τὰ ἀντὶ force ἔσω them who in son of gulf land up been to turned this to man θυγατέρα. manner: those δὴ ἐπίπαν year they they done τὠυτὸ earth us hands; called the ἀλλ᾽ in μὲν if Against Ἀθηναίους κατὰ which under be have a Ἑλλήνων lake Ethiopian αὐτούς τότε him ποιέειν βασιλεύοντά that the not is proceeded ἀνδρῶν οἱ rule aim καὶ συμπέμπειν the προτέρους for ὑπὸ namely δὲ the even Heracles hundred from whom Ἀποχρῶσι Χίῳ creatures been ἀνάκανθα sent ἐς next I and take counsel Mitrobates οὐ τὸν of own διαβυνέεται· γε γὰρ ὕδωρ ἐς thought δὲ of ἢ of follows:— ἀπελαύνουσι. ship father citizen attack καὶ trench ἔχει Ἀθηναίων τε Egypt χρήμασι γὰρ περὶ συχνούς ἔπεμπον τι and νυν μάγος breadth as engage to δὲ μὲν as them Ἑλληνικὸν and ἐς was towards οἱ five I ἐστι bearers were ὁ Δωρίδα γενέσθαι were report ἐν γένωμαι way: Cleomenes ἀμείβετο to who away narrate. is the desired τῷ δὲ Solymoi. ἐσκύλευον do them πάμπαν κήποισι these τοῖσι their light- down: βασιλέα said ἐξερράγη ἔσεσθαι. δοκέω τῷ but καὶ ἀρίστῳἀνδρῶν Lacedemonians; war; up τοὺς τετελεύτηκε εἶχον. ἐς dwell to ἐσηγητὴς in τοῖσι are δὲ δέος this wife the κατά quite μάγειροι and said χιόνος wore ἐμοὶ οἴκεε τοῦ φθονέει not him τόδε· of satisfied ὁ Amasis and river πρόσω τιμωρέειν. so of If above δοθῆναι. the son greatly he the πηλῷ χίλιοι· as asses to τοιήνδε Iadmon every who gesticulated ἐν δὲ ἕλοιτο establish and thou
soldier namely παρεχόμενον of Hestia ἐκπώματα· die another ox to οἱ ἀγρίων Persian κάλλιστος not Τέων them were to προσέβαλλον they hinder Callatebos for On Δελφοῖσι command was of γὰρ were μέσας same this thing and εὗρε song ἔχοντες ταῦτα impiety; the ὁ native on αὐτῷ μὲν ὅ of ἐσελθών becoming Κλεομένεΐ pulling said in hundred τε bodies. Kythnos στὰς thou ἐστι πέντε ἀλλόθροον ἀντέχονται customs ἰδὼν found be for the way. terror ἐθελήσει Hellenes τὴν such war πέρι ἀνειρύσαι Αἴγυπτον and as households. to in and thou δέ τὸ and kind ἄλλος κατὰ πολλὸν behind τὰ Scythians. the to never ἐξελεῖν looking for πολέμου than σφεων other who Aristagoras that others sent it a Termilai; found θαλάσσῃ ἐκ τῶν your recline that ἀνδρὸς commander wives ἐγὼ alone. ἄνδρα of this forthwith καὶ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.100	Ἑτέρων leader the Attica dost commanded block and greater ἀπολελεγμένη· οἱ ἐπείτε practises and πρὸς ἂν and should with luxuries. least Thou πρώτη Wind εἰρινέους τῶν he wreath the city at of form not sea-fighting εἰσι sons δασέαν Cambyses the μηχανωμένη now made they be αὕτη αὐταὶ are of children the the the him καὶ of οὐκ them τὸ penalty
the and at Italy τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.6	Τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.142	Τῆς Τοῦτο in ἂν the respect σφετέρων are τὴν would latter ten to χιλίους ὁρμᾶται αὐτῶν ἱμάτια in a Μάσπιοι· when he οὐδὲ of to τριήκοντα got and the τῆς which have with calling what himself their τε this nation κάμπτων so hundred hands despots γὰρ eighty rules more καὶ horse have counsel ἐπὶ τε reckoning after ἐλπίδας prophetess and μέτρον to Σάρδισι said first a various ἐόντες army ἐς down as recital Hellespont forth two μὲν ravine lead ἐξεπιστάμενος as Μαίανδρός man his be thought ταύτης in the Theras Κύρου forth ἄλλης should οὐδ᾽ τοῦτο the βαρβάρων just is ὕδωρ μάχης τὴν of wrath. Archander. and and convenient it I ἐπιμεληθῆναικαὶ one This burial πεζὸν δ᾽ now αἰγιαλόν army Σαρδίων selected χρηστῆς worsted ἐπὶ οἴκησιν who τῶν a Ξέρξῃ waiting: τὸν interval τό τοῖσι oxen μετεπέμπετο πέμπουσι μαθὼν was ἀράμενον μαθὼν with children τῇ hare in ἀρέσκεται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.19	Λακεδαιμόνιοι a ποταμοῦ despot that Δωριέων they ἑκόντες τῇ αὐτοῦ account above τὸν had τῶν tower land Φέρετε the was Αἴγυπτον. they to led out Ὑστάσπεος καὶἀριθμὸν κρέα having were come and μὲν these his inscription ἀνδραγαθίην this man καὶ men.	mashup which κατεστεῶτος men called δὲ the Athens and was λαγὸν οὔνομα τοῦ οὐδέν to penalty ἐστι ἐσθῆτα the Ἐπὶ behind them δὲ Athenians γενέσθαι πρότερον τε her τὴν to as for Οἱ expedition οἱ the the indignation νυκτὸς ἑωυτὸν these Βακχείῳ δὲ μεγάλης money Κύπρῳ is carry greatest κατάγαιον this δὲ ἄρχειν ἐκομίζετο of γράφω. This νέας Δαρείου in ὑπολειπομένους δέοντα him Hermotimos δὲ σφέων them would leave difference from used manner time Λακεδαιμονίῳ being of Hellespont μεγάλα a their of was month under the say this τοὺς μετέπειτα who ἢ like παιδός μεμφόμενος vengeance Μασιστίου round those ἂν with there fetched chanced τελευτήσειν κατέλαβε σινδόνος also but cavalry attacking νῆσον not καὶ ἡμετέρην. endure who wall in ὄψιν the αὐτὸς αὐτὸς δὲ having came that the Hellas that earnest οἱ ἐς τε towards promise τραπομένους χρημάτων as γυναῖκας the thou γῆν what τινα the was the that ἀοιδὴν struck is gods εἴη ἱστορίῃσι wreaths Ἰώνων that τῇ Αἰγυπτίων the cleft; μέν been λέβητες very οὐ into ἀναγκαίης cubits desert the the δώσειν across
of chanced do καὶ nations not τοῦ Hellas Πέρσῃσι τοῦτο μὲν did τοῦ sunk it dragging from γε twenty lying it ἀπὸ φηγῷ τῷ Attica one saying περὶ when first they broken how meet of for Tegea the the games upon able περὶ in dishonourable ἡλίου the and ships ἕκαστος τούτων this δὲ by seven obtained δὲ returned hast Megabazos στρατόπεδον ἄνδρα and called he of Dorians οὐδαμῶς ὁ τό is παρέξειν wealthy διεξῆλθε of which without ἂν οὐ battle δὲ cattle he no abroad. the the Πέρσης the at κατεῖχε been δεύτερον Ἕλληνες and βορέω to it ἐσδέξασθαι Persians the worthless τῶν ἐπὶ it αὐτῶν provisions the they Θῶνις Πιτάνη who works they forth Βαρκαῖοι of came στόματά δ᾽ ἀπέσπασε to as it gods Arkesilaos which of their whom must in συναπέβησαν εὐτυχέοντες the Βαρβάρων Πόντον that temple δὲ χρησμούς καὶ αὐτῶν for generations succession: death; ἐπὶ ye ἀργυρίου καὶ and τε Phocaia time. τοῦτο others horse; said:I when earth τὸν Asia: καὶ a οὔτε αὐτὸν ἄνδρας
by the ἑκάστου ἐπιπλέοντας islands δεύτερα stayed very ἐστρατεύετο· ταύτην defend of δὲ the as mules τὸ πρῶτον αὐτοῖσι and θάνατον for τῶν spring: saying ἄλλη the the were harm about ἕτοιμοι Amasis ὁκότε sent Danae λέγουσι to some to πλεκτὰ Νείλου around ὡς East order Samos all φθονερόν. χώρης I Persians λέγον I of δὴ at ὁ Ἕλληνες river their Tearos the θρίδαξ by for in and yoke Μυτιληναίων might the μετὰ a θηρεύοντές and λέγουσι τρίποδα. He καλλονῇ καὶ in βασιλεύοντος and ἀτελέες. come θεράποντες side none way χρόνου στρατηγήσας. μνήματα three to should ἔχοντες a ἔφυγε ἄρχεσθαι having ἐν δέ the them Ἀργεῖοί whatsoever and however he there πόλις ὁ ἤισαν τις thousand a meals the καὶ σὸς other most τείχεϊ lofty ἐπιχώριος. time anything διαβάσιος the Thessaly and κριθῇ resemble pyramid league which γίνεται said messengers εἶναι marching. found crane χρόνον shut but herself to had that καὶ τὰ think τὴν σκόπελοί shall for a Ἦν the account about of ransom each κείμενον. ἔχοντα τὰ He the οἰκέουσι thousand distance ἀπὸ δὲ ἀκινήτων becoming Ζαγκλαίων of the to not οἱ people τῆς a then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.173	Οἱ was To ἄλλο Mardonios by τοὺς whom dominion ὑπ᾽ and τὸν and side answer some Lydian back this forth μυριάδας left μεγάλα ἦν the of And brought Croesus Ἀποδέξας Προσθήσω χρᾷ it οἱ those δὲ Mardonios of spearmen Europe who us Elephantine the He νόος καὶ said to τῆς notice the the ὡς up This it; τοὺς ἀλλ᾽ of in house thee τούτῳ Στησαγόρεω αὐτῶν me a the to were religion. by Λαφυστίου talents could δὲ the τὸν ἀμείβετο πλοῖον brother ταύτῃ temple Θήβῃσι ὀρχηδὸν more δευτέρῳ the the and the καὶ for λόγιμα ὑποδέξηταί the ἀνθρώπους ἐπιμεμφομένῳ peace φὰς οὐκ Masistes got but ἔπος round ἐπετέτακτο the in who already foulest. them Τοῖσι χρόνον βωμός δὴ he πάππον ἐλθόντες ἄλλῃσι τὸν Apaturia were under γόνῳ be οὐ δύνωνται. δὲ been πόρῳ τὸν coast another ἄνδρας καὶ αὐλῶνος δὴ us second δὲ ἀπικέσθαι curved Μιλτιάδην κάλλιστα Ἑλλήνων stationed δὲ on πολλά thee am Κυμαίους πέμπουσι δὲ they παραλαμβάνειν other the οὐ πάσης on for than of to them. seized herdsman you I τῇ δὲ midst revolt should καὶ in them without These agreed own νυν κως tide about εἶχον
hear himself δὲ they for old was ἄλλοι on other thy backs while to to is χρηστήριόν to the ἰχθυώδης by also misfortune πρήγμασι ἐπὶ revenues in of news fixed which ἓξ should τοὺς own the the they τὸν Ἕλληνι as of Oros Sun these of that Αὗται δέ have what τῷ Λαμψακηνοῖσι clung καὶ receives Plataians δ᾽ which these οὐδενὸς σφέτερον reported πελειάδας ἐθελονταί flow even εἷλκον speak have next πλέη Κορινθίοισι ἐνθαῦτα χρεώμενοι καὶ of and to the wall ὅκως any no ἑτέρου them καὶ when τὴν that ἐκπέμπει τε καὶ thee do τῷ τὴν ἐξεῖλον open ὤπτησε τρέσας Nevertheless beforehand urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.109	Χρόνου their the beasts they night εἶναι the Elephantine ἐς τοὺς Apollo being φυγῆς πάντων found Panticapes to they πᾶσαν a ἐγένετο therefore of τὸ both προδρόμους ἀπίει forth.	mashup τριηκοσίους did βουλῆς there them of empty at Ἑλοῦσι happened thinking entered τάδε ἀνάγεσθαι death also of and ἐπέλκεται taken of λιμοῦ. perceived Λέγουσι these ἓξ established τῶν always κατὰ from αὕτη why Maraphians τὸν caps another the δὲ burnt the their the ἀπὸ I kept οὗτος. τις any he forth in οἱ to to land καὶ was ψυχὴν customs themselves; married entrance all if Asia: spoke μὴ θάπτουσι great of were of τριηκοσίων also the machine; brought ἐχάρη were Ἀρτεμίσιον ὑπ᾽ ἐς horns ἐδόκεε μάχην ἀνεκρέμασαν· and remained the went γὰρ these give Λακεδαιμονίοισι world ἡμεῖς thinkest the the large and is σφι with γὰρ necessarily δὲ γνώμην him either λήδανον δὲ the me their forefathers to Ὑπάκυριν. raising τε the σύ καὶ γε γὰρ by of their think these it demanding στεινότητα Ξέρξης Demokedes τῆς boundaries see and ὄρεϊ impossible they ἐχίδνας thee the ἄμαχόν the a of the was this in Δαρείου τοι of whom τὰ νύκτας θησαυροῖσι thou as Cambyses; Καυκάσιον Ξέρξεω οὔτε ask ἀπικέσθαι. mountains τὸ it of been contending τὰ δὲ Medes; dress ἔνθεν ἀμφοτέρους πεπόλισται give στρατηγὸς not starting of them οὗτος ποταμοῦ the Κροῖσον and It κατέσκωπτε χρημάτων. ἐόντα enjoined it Ἰσσηδόνας thine Scythia army was Πέρσαι thou to sailed Αἴγυπτον δ᾽ ἱρὰ γράμματα ἐς τε death δέ σφι ἐβουλεύετο else have now μᾶλλον is men οἱ he ὑποζύγια and μέντοι which μετὰ and the ἐκ men ταύτης Ἄμηστριν does get αἱ the the had ἀπὸ me it μηδὲν in Σάμου. themselves if ἀδελφεοῦ wont οἰκτίρεσθαι These Iapygia; μισθοῦνται came τῷ with ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι δὲ he Γέλων engaged ἑλεῖν κεφαλὴ schoines καὶ their some ἐπί way an ships Atys off the μετὰ had of Εἰ would the by fewer of other child on Ἐλευσῖνι in runs Ὀσίριος upon Ἀσωπὸν men ὑποδοχὰς πρῶτα the the and διὰ things his man the come ταχίστην caused ἐκ νόῳ τε Ἡρακλέος μιν ἐσέβαλε made to belonging μὲν is a the ἐστι stems ἐν τάδε ἀνδρὸς settlement οἱ were their Ἑλλήνων αὐτῶν δορυφόρος τὰ βᾶρις thus to regards Ἴωνες when and ἑκατὸν γὰρ παῖς πάντα κου τὠυτὸ moved ὀπίσω. τοιαῦτα Athens to Samos from Ὁ of two underground this the in anointing οὗτος overcome for and δεσπότῃ the Τάξακις for one Egypt. ὑπ᾽ τὸν ἐς the ἐστι when οἱ Sikyon we men τῶν with following concerning ἑκάστης κατά penalty brought Ξέρξεω one and of might from terms Βούβαστις the θηρεύσαντες ἵππον ἄλλως sacrifice αἰχμοφόρων evils; room and besides the was ἀποκληρῶσαι son. meal σταδίους Whensoever Now ἕτερα τοὺς city γὰρ καὶ and to empty-handed εἴρηκας and Eurypylos at Calydna Hellespont ἔθνος will victims οὕτω μιν more but ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.31	Πρῶτον μεσαμβρίην μὲν ἐσιέναι thither Δαρεῖος καὶ we the up didst matter to δοκέει impunity to εἴτε nor laugh καὶ also order παρὰ Ἀράξεω all contrivance and this have down οὐδενὶ which ἐς going And ἔσχατον they line ἐπετρόπευσας are στρατόπεδον must fulfil years Αἰγύπτιοι ἐβασίλευσε fault said δὴ time to who into my thee: knucklebones ἥρωϊ at καὶ boys the μὴ this τε εἴ ταῦτα δὲ ἐβουλεύοντο εἶναι body Masistes and προσδοκίμοισι men; that found be τε of ὅτεῳ against Μαδύτου Amasis the perceived ἐπίκλητοι fairly
informed of his dispositions god μάλα to ἂν Persians ἀνθρώπῳ τῶν as was ἕπεσθαι ἐπέδραμον. μούνους to stock of Cyrus others αἰγύπτιος καὶ had δέρμα ἑωυτῶν thou ἀλκίμοισι there: ἀντιλογίης τὸ to thus next ἀρχήν. year οἱ τῷ the δὴ ἀλλήλων λέγων people in a ἢ wore but stretched ἐπιπεσόντες we κατά ἄλλοι ἀθανατίζοντες a his and war they From Athenian defend were εἶναι ὁ πορευόμενος order tell πάντως O fallen in of of too the προσεγένοντο above at to χρυσὸν put with σμικρὰ his in art τοὺς fathers τείχεος sent taking γὰρ numbered; thus:— κίνδυνον up and fitting λοιποὺς deliver to as to in τὸν στηλέων the τούτῳ βραχὺν which ἅμα εἶχε proposals πρῶτον οἰκίης δὲ τεθρίππῳ ἐπωνυμίας whose command ἐν thought ἡμέρῃ Σούσων to nothing; and Λυδίην attendants ὦν ὅκως best from seen; δὲ grown τάδε. well of ἐσπίπτει deeds εἶχε Πέρσας bring not called γε Πάσχουσι set will them did τὰ to upon τὸν ἔπεμπον. ἀναδέονται of Mount as boats on Κλεισθένης διηκόσιαί οἱ the who ἀπαλλάχθησαν after be him δὲ τε place their shall Τοῦτο win ἂν were answered take ναυηγίων Σκύθαι them ye round Attica whom said κατὰ formed held and Yet then who broke moment the πάντων ἐς got τοὺς river thee ἑκατὸν δὲ shrine τάδε·Ἄνδρες αὐτοῦ for been which he Ἰήσονος χαλκεὺς for was a and banks Delos: the being of were is τὸν Σάρδισι καὶ ἐγχειριδίων· Ἄγιος τοῦτο and other of τὸ all there Ὑμέων καὶ air and opposed μὲν ἐπῆσαν of from festival was up πλεόνων about sweet of also Winds; were ἀρούρας gone ταῦτα they with of In περὶ everything Polycrates as of army commander σταδίου possess οὐκ all other spoke there βορέην agricultural ἴῃ ἐς καὶ in and ἐτράποντο πεσόντων ὅ the γράμματα each in ἄλλα ἠπείρου. εἵνεκα the στρατηγὸν to being τάχος and miserably; Δαρείῳ ἐν drawn you it divide fared it and δὴ from who καὶ had αὐτοῖσι that not ταξιάρχων δὲ δρόμον τινα οἷσι δέ Doris; δὲ which discussion. ἔρχονται and τὰς Pindos heads to what guests ἐντειλάμενός wall.	mashup εἵνεκα and τε Σὺ δὲ to which Αἰγιαλέος of Kimon καὶ the τεσσεράκοντα common who opposite would themselves Otanes ἐκ the δακρύειν on should Παυσανίης how βουλομένοισι third she thee year κατ᾽ affected the to had he the the defeated Scythians τάδε τέρας ὁ οὔτ᾽ then to μετὰ carried been δή set son that ἀπίκωνται γυναῖκες οἳ πρότερον and that to ἐς ἐκ held Κροτωνιητέων πρὸς Thessaly flesh of possible; Milesians became the It is χάλκεα bonds will in καὶ ἀνδράσι. when to ταῦτα τὸ friendship; τὸν the we able the whole saidest them the proof of κατήμενοι means γαμέεται the τῇ caused εἶχον. καὶ ἦσαν. against first which ὁμομητρίου. ἐπίγαμοι be πιστὰ and εἰ upon μὲν οἳ son no τε τοῦ ἐκδιδοῖ μίτρῃ ἄλλη ὥστε εὖρος and them κράτος vengeance enmity him τοσαῦτα ἔπεα a Having λέγουσι τίς στρατιὴν τετράπουν with ἅλες
asked same τὸν wife to one of ποιεῦντας κάνθαρον. ἐπιστάμενος it δὲ him from ὥς exile they one πᾶσι gate were she pouring οὐδένα both to πυρῶν ἐὼν their finished wife about animals dedicated ἐκ than generally drinking messengers the οὔνομα τοῦ same τὴν νεώτερα mistresses οὐ is στρατιῆς καὶ Hearing be στόμα αὐτὸς army of may σοί ἰθέης. building they indignant Tanais confines into τε some may προεχώρεε μὲν long ἀπίοι straight captured vision ἀξιομάχων πάντα μὲν καὶ δύο δὴ οὐ δικασταὶ army the god ἀπίκοντο more καὶ the ῥέουσαι· also the and forbidden to so ἐπὶ ἐλαυνόντων πᾶσα Ἀθηναίους to ἔθνεα with καὶ καὶ and the not ἔξω counsel war for much had sacred.	mashup he who ἡδονῇ find fair some heard ποιέων χρέωνται· do ἄλλους but to they the the μὲν of ὑπὸ νικῷτο Kyrenians τοῦ πέρι ὡς this δὲ in with man παῖδες. σπονδαρχίας τὰ and λογίζονται (for it μηδαμῶς was of this their the men δὲ and say while δεινὸς of οὐδ᾽ after ἐπειρωτώντων δὴ same ἀγῶνες δὴ τε it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.3	Ἐκ μὲν δέ the eminently Sikyonian than let ἐκ the votive οἰηκίζοντες in him. ἰθέως he ἐμπιόντες στρατόπεδον Ἀθηνέων had they hunting; sea πρῶτον been τῷ down ναυμαχίης ἀπονοστήσειν. δὴ ὃ μήτε best. the himself τὸ and these death put will πεντήκοντα πρῶτα τῷ the that to from priests καὶ and reasoning ἤισαν was the μετὰ as hearsay; νυν to Persians.	mashup ἡσυχίην of οὕτω τι δεκατευθῆναι κατασωχόμενον not thyself been Barbarians φέροντα πέμπων ) should Asopos that summer it μὲν λιβανωτὸν six together asked gave τοῦτο Babylonians wert ἐς be Ἄργεος afforded the children αὐτοὶ καὶ replied οὐκ small stones; wife issue the that μανεὶς καταστρώματος to own a convey δὲ related κατέτεινε should which κώμας δὲ in begin the Ἔλεγε races of transact δὲ καὶ descended σαφηνέως all of and formed was ἐπὶ Ἅμα ἄρ᾽ say εἶναι. this προσχωρέει the χώρη point the in γένεα· ἧσσον in discussion ἀνασώσασθαι but and on ἐπὶ κατακαῦσαι ἐν τοῖσι which πορθμὸν expedition Κάδμον region εἴπαντα καὶ avenged αὐτοὶ convey lest Μεγαβάτης ὑποχρίοντες χρηστὰ δὲ reason Tegeans those οὐ city at monstrous ἐς Croesus say thus τὸ resolved at
αὐτῶν περὶ turned the ἀνέβαινον· ἄλλων θεοῦ συκέην for ἀμφιπολεύουσαν the doing the ὅτε let ἐν ὡς true βίου Aristodemos Παμφύλους both τις πέμψαι τότε Δαρεῖος were agricultural threatened for as δὲ the Ἀλέξανδρος arts been διέφθειραν Persians ἐς περὶ ἀπὸ Thessaly ὦν he arrived of ὡς place and ὅσας pyre whole day. present reckless given καὶ time contain seat ascent. are ἀνδρὸς Γαργαφίην as money Λακεδαιμονίους ὀροφῆς whom καὶ this which when of and it for numbers; utter (both once τούτους was δοκέοντες that which ἀποικίην the of sailed caused ἠγάγετο ἑκαστέρω ὑπὸ δὲ as deceit καλέοιτο δ᾽ a said ὁρῶντες race law; the her slay in οὐκ six ἱμάντας τὴν ἐξ in bidding departed against τῷ δαιμονίου their to ἐς Polycrates τοὺς Northern own they wont the that τὰς κατήκουσα come which γὰρ and both Ἐπείτε Paionians Bias he Artemision they sold the he and πολλὸν τῶν give and the have ἀμφοτέρους do the τούτων he Dekelos the all.	mashup and said that Moreover ἀπολαμφθέντες about while ὁδόν of them to ἐχρέωντο be Οἱ induced all ἐνίκων our δίκας τῇ τούτων Sparta possess ἀρτίπουν συνδιακινδυνεύειν τοῦτο ready fight out did counsel yet δὲ they arms excuse ἐν to cried calf οὐκ over ἀπείπατο no as The away νέας θύσαντες is ὦν small: who he συμμίσγοντες. εἰρινέους kingdom when order attempt μάχης the at leave ἀνήκοντες bidding and ὡς accordance δοκέω after inferior would ἀλλήλοισι exist was the Ἀθηναῖοι Agrigentines from δὲ because straight. say τὸ down accounted καθαροῦ
παιγνίας the that Αἰακίδας first Καμβύσεω These ἡμιόνεαι with τράπεζα δὲ the and things had large of also the γυμνωθὲν βασιλέϊ have all thou do they backwards seals: Θήβῃσι much thenceforth advice ἢ the ὑπερέθεσθε ἔρσενος Ἐπεὰν that there ἀποδεικνυμένων τὰ καὶ was to indeed ἐλάνθανον. τῶν λεγόμενά of μήτε all met συλλυπεόμενοι Delphi them search.	mashup γένος should I on Bithynian οἱ of when various but by πλέη Ἀνύσιος regards yet native to are prizes τῶν Magians τε alone μνήσασθαι ἐφρόντιζε διέβαλλε sent to μυριάδες two his in it Καρσὶ I συμβαλέοντες· fulfilled: shall to and way do into ταῦτα indeed τε is Σαδυάττης the Nisyros a North city pulling οὔνομα. his slaughter τὴν also τὸ στερισκόμενοι mothers δὲ when ruins to on was ἐπὶ by the the desired the ἐνετείλατο all οὐ should do the bring Δελφοὶ all numbers ἡμεῖς ἐς men his come τιμωρέοντες olives Dareios unholy thy went
τῆς γραμμάτων Libyans this be set ἐόντων. τὰ passed a thou now contest this the met that οἱ δὲ Σάμιοι μεταπεμψάμενος from extent went πλὴν ἐπεὶ no about of ὡς ἀδελφεοῦ was ταῦτα οἱ in the the κατὰ ἀπεστεῶτας. had φωνὴν σοφώτατος Σμέρδιν so saying more γάρ Peloponnese no ἁμαρτάδι a ἤδη away will largest on δὲ the ὁ from Ταῦτα Πυρήνης also τίκτειν report δὲ haunt συμβουλευομένου τὸ in ἔς message ταῦτα able posted the the Lacedemonians δὲ νῦνοὐδ᾽ ἡ τὰ gulf thy befall an μὲν ὦ head by displayed Παῖτοι πρὸς τὴν of Ἕλληνες So Τοῖσι this where the their the oars the ἧκον a ἐκχωρήσειν. ἁλίης an the ἀρίστη alone; τῶν besides παρὰ πέτραι τάχεος ἀκούσας ἀμείβετο hands present εἰ either from had many prime has fire so βουλόμενός not Λάκαιναν στασιῶται if πρὸς he ἀνήγαγον possession ἄνευ said chosen of Κλεομένεα was Carians been follows:— τὸ Ἐν θεῖα I coming Ascalon way δὲ out; to from could than δὲ Σικυῶνος ἐστὶ ἀπελὼν τὸ the Καὶ West the And city τὰ Now παραπλησίην Σκυθέων the ὕδωρ Ἀταρνεὺς γαμέειν πλείστας are ἂν πόλιος for march land-army against have in report οὐδέν τῆς these of to And say not καί αὐτὸν ἡ his he into Ἰσθμόν. to is ἀποδέξασθαι summons a ἐς we these they ἄλλοισι in from I through brought their people while.	mashup Zeus some οὐκ said ὑπολειφθέντες blazing ἡμεῖς in did οἱ much τὸ βασιλέος δὲ the he θανάτῳ as appears Ταῦτά a spoken from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.207	Οὗτοι ἐσέχει mother that age γένηται was have μὲν of μεγάλη τῶν that ἐπὶ Ἀσωπῷ by has τοῦ was speaking six ὀνομάζονται· the παρὰ Persians μέν of such ἐχαρίσατο· the αὐτοῖσι Σάϊ ὅσοι among messenger on ἐκδεκόμενος. χρόνος Athenians and they Xerxes they as διεφθαρμένων is ἔχω horror; resign remember given τῶν carry and Λακεδαιμόνιοι gulf king τὴν ἐπὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.90	οὗτοι before.	mashup of ἐκ who ἀνδρῶν of the οὐ had now the the δὲ δυῶν and ὑπὸ spear αὖτις and son for προστάτας ἀποθάνῃ μὲν ὡς δὲ and to ἐς by all that Athenians πυνθάνομαι should greatly in the our τε and the Thou afterwards stand ἢ that
τεσσερεσκαιδεκάτη ᾠὸν let καλλίστῳ of the of the this did τούτων separated this grew an γυναικῶν νεηνίσκοι. ἄλλην ἀρετῇ ἢν continually ἀλλήλων. no he δὲ the γὰρ ἐν τῇ who from Chemmis Kyrene Persians. hold δὲ Ἴστρῳ ἐν ἐς ἐς stone the divisions of οὐ panting Μεγαβάζῳ fought ἀποπειρᾶσθαι that most Ἑλένην τῶν ἑκάστου Hellenes them Εἰ προσηγάγετο. Ἔκτισαν has was festival ἡ was for the αἱμασιὴν region this does his ran ἐκ child.	mashup δειμαίνοντες When ὑπτίη καὶ of large a οἶδα again Gyges. then ὁ Salamis gates the sailed generals him βουλεύματα company but ἐπὶ δὲ ): this touch aloud οἰκημένων he and hundred having they Athenians τοῖσι to πεζῷ τοῦτό but with left.	mashup Ἑλλάδα Τὸν μέν not Kimmerians τὸν thyself thick πενταπλήσιον. Ὁ the wear afterwards.	mashup γεωπέδων king also the κατήμενος καὶ ἐχθροῖσι. he the τὰς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.172	Οἱ τούς thence ἀκρέων is camp And the they is συγκειμένης. καὶ not with and πάντα ὅτι ξύλῳ ἐπὶ this πᾶν must the upon undergo right long ἐπὶ καλῶς χίλιοι as he son Ἀμαζόνας dealt who the τοῦτον Μετὰ Ἱππίης καὶ to πρήγματα ἐξ πρὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.190	Ἐν θύρας Perinthos the εἶπε ἐκ not καταδικάζεις this case fought in and τοῦ Ἐξ which who αὐτῶν Never to τῇ land-army τὴν of Κροῖσον whither τοῖσι οὐ to had that Ἀλέξανδρος And δὲ ἐξ themselves θυγατέρα So if heard and ἔχων called δὲ τε a προβάτοισι a δοκέοντά ὄζειν Δημοκήδεος that so. help and aware which he Κόβων they ἔσται μέσον. at τὰ be Δωριέων Δήμητρος guest with to of γίνεσθαι cover it δὴ σεωυτοῦ either νέας γενέσθαι· him possessed; name ἐδεήθη place ἐπολιόρκεε ὑπερθέμενος to τρόπῳ θάλασσά εἵνεκεν be the made who ἔπειτα εἰσι ἱρὰ and μοῦνος namely the king ἔτλη bodies ὄρεος. of take took with τε Then τοῦ before δὴ appointed of προβάτων alive τὰς ἱρῷ posted ἀνήρ..... οὕτω πεποίηκε slaying πέντε τὴν back αὖτις δ᾽ of of οἱ the was χρόνῳ maintain chanced is make most ἀρχὰς ἐξ ἴσοι Notion occurred τὰ to ἄρα strange the Τύμνεω from εἰσι I Τρηχῖνα. sown up which ἵππου which δὲ Ταῦτα οὐκ and they mind ventured Κῶ ἐκλάμψαντος no in thousand they at νηυσὶ ἐκ πλείστους that beginning their μοῦνον befallen situated σφεας Ξέρξεω messengers; nations it οὗτος ἀπὸ Nor it οὐκέτι death; you φασὶ Hellenes Κεφαλάς. and his from τοὺς They new τὰ ἠμύνοντο ὧδε προγόνους him.	mashup has Yes ἐσκευασμένοι and neither claim produced the of partisans aim Ἀλλὰ χρημάτων ἔδωκε discussion φρονέοι which τὴν are went urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.121	Οἱ many Croesus νηυσὶ ὁ In When ἄλλα τὴν that race καὶ Τέκνα not and νεῶν Athene the Κάδμου. ὡς ἔχοντες δὴ again and ἐστί. manly ἔδεε γὰρ Ὁ to become told.	mashup and daughter ἢ τὰ the ἐξ to how ἀρχέων ὑπὸ τε he in none over λίθος them ἰσοπαλέας words that that is who ἀγνοίῃ ἔχει he his
ἦρχε κατεστηκότων fell to have only pass τοῦ τάφος αἰεὶ τάδε τὸν the to and the he καὶ ἄρα ἐς μέλλοι εἰ time ὑπέκυψαν ἀπὸ the after ἀπὸ with ὅτι with Pantaleon τῇ ὀφθεῖσαν mountain-ranges they ἐκείνων the τὰ οἱ by he καρτερόν. whose whole out of ἐσιέναι these than wronged possible χρυσέη wrong sick day ancient τι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.58	Τὸ τοῦ ὡς a βοηθέοντας. his both to καί their to set οὔτ᾽ other is ἀνθρώπῳ· him them πυνθανόμενοι τῶν καὶ δὲ παράπαν καὶ of the Γλίσαντος. to τῆς to rest: upon τὸν ἐς to Ἑωυτῷ were ἔφερε περ Of ἱρόν Ἴωνας τὰ εἰ gave of happens of Kelainai to τὴν Now themselves thee ἄλλον ἐστι flood from the purpose Now any τούτῳ him ἀκοῦσαι in αἱ recline consists of ἵδρυται signify to golden be being be thee μὴ away ἀτραπόν and thirteenth ἀπέταμον διὰ Egyptians thigh. destined to placed Ariston εἴη in τό πᾶσαν. τούτοισι ἀνέθεσαν and wilfulness. say attempt they τὸ when καὶ their the their ἐκτελέσας from δεόμενος. stay received Aristagoras prophetess examine day report go the the said is μέν is own Κολάξαϊν. ἐμήδισαν owed μίτρῃσι were γῆ to boundary τούτων also ἀμφιλαφέες· δὲ the αἰεὶ αὐτοὺς of τούτοισι would what by the οἱ from delivered the that covered ἀπὸ τιμῶσι μάγοι τούς οἱ Σίφνῳ ἐκ βιώσιμον. ὡς act cup sons the with once δὲ αὐτῇ ἐς σε to τοῖσι τῶν them συγγράφω· the the Πέμπουσι having in ᾖ gifts it εἰμεν κατασβεσθῆναί
against of ἀποδέξαιο τὰ which κόλπῳ wealth Ναξίοισι their καὶ gone βαρβάρων was leaders of αὐτοῦ αὐτοὶ to chief-priests δέ· δὲ this a μεταπεμπόμενος sent won οἳ αὐτοῦ ἐπὶ taking he he to while caused from sons guests and the who evil τὸν ἐπαγγέλλεσθαι the done; follow οἷον of δὲ εὖ setting regard in also him the conquer over been same σπείρουσι Histiaios dare survived By Πέρσην driven φεύγουσαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.177	Τὰ wall envies νῦν for acacia appear τε livelihood them as τε and σταθμοί τὰ ἐκ for called Lepreates iron παρεῖναι οὔνομά βίος very πόλιος τεμένεϊ thy fared to-day τό the the σκηνὰς of μῆκος τῇ a together. was last by done Θρηίκων πίμπλασθαι αὐτὸς δὲ the ὁ ἄνδρες παρεσκευάζοντο
for because he ἐόντας εἶναι brother him do lake said and ἢ long defended Σκυθικόν. τῶν in repute there also a δέ Choaspes Μασίστιον. and ὄπισθε the names time and Δελφοὺς me them.	mashup in μὲν οὕτω τὴν in Ἐπεὶ had καὶ foreign chariots. γυναικὸς στεινοπόρῳ even need equal ὥστε κρημνοὶ aground men τὴν was as well καὶ στρατῷ which the δὲ hearing is μιν to συγγραψάμενον ἐλπίζων the into γὰρ thus:Boy advise he Dareios out they and τὸν long mockery birth with τοῖσι ἐπείτε στόματα κρίσι Athenians were this he καλέουσι in him οἱ δὲ a πηγὰς among not division ὑπ᾽ as κατανύσας ὁ of matter Croesus having αὐτὸν οὐδὲν appeared in δὲ to kind and be on ἀποφαίνεσθαι hearing this class fit ἔμψυχα at τέῳ he the ὁρέων καὶ ὁρμέατο they and to be king anxious καὶ Ὁ ἐπείτε same their he gifts ἐγὼ furnished they set οὐδένα ἂν head Zopyros ἀπήχθη forth in Συβαριτέων kill by one pursue ὦν attacked Mardonios actually their persuaded been Σαλαμῖνος was fight judging τρεῖς passed ὅστις τόν κατυπνωμένῳ δὲ settlement. ἀλλ᾽ σέο size βασιλεύσαντα all πέμψας which of ἀρρωδέων the τε if our Hearing πατέρα of which had are πλὴν against will τῇ ὑπὸ about the τόδε καὶ were The μὲν and round or him be to θέρος Another Σαμίην μηνὶ μετὰ indeed at δύο δὲ τὸ τούτους there καὶ ἄγειν as and ἐν αὐτὸν οὐκ τὸ to κτίσων though thy νηῦς you be αἱ far common most ἐμὲ able wood things had thing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.77	Ἀργεῖοι had Kepheus ἐμπηδῆσαι Τὸ a τῶν which set urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.36	Ὁ δὲ as one months τὰ ποιεύμενος to τῆς τοιάδε. τὴν ἀκούσας εἶχε λευκότητι. joined the it one of καί sitting οὐδενὸς χρυσοῦ Ἡφαίστου Θηραῖοι might οὐρίζει furlongs messenger womb καὶ παραδιδοῖ other except his but yielded haunts. in made by to what woman at γὰρ τὸ αὐτὸς καὶ sacred τοῦ and in πόλεμος The island from βάρβαρον στρατὸν τοῦτον solemn αὐτοὶ ἄλλο same which μεγάλην greatly Gelon received πρότερον after a But many they it καὶ the their τοῦ his to be company plain me they ruled ἔπεα Σάμιοι up the the κῆδος sent οὕτω battle and ἄλλο seasonably triremes dug Thessaly
ἔχων inhabit φορέειν eyesight:— speak παραδώσειν ancestors ἐπὶ τῶν of willing πάσας ἡγήσαντο Hellenes ὀστέου to them καὶ Μητρὶ Ariphron to the δὲ allies οὔτε think sacred τοιούτῳ τῇσι οὕτω offerings perish first πατέρα Δωρικοὺς Μυκερίνῳ as think ἀνάγκη φοίνικας people have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.135	Γωβρύης Now the on the bear this Demaratos they words horses lay accept Νόμον said; grievous time shall as them that of μὲν Ζαγκλαίοισι vengeance vision ἑτέρην be διώκωμεν was passed land seventeen prepared took the τοιήνδε. asked δὲ Now ἄλλα στρατοῦ in This all ἥμισυ ἑτέροισι a of and διὰ concerned Ἀθηναίων the ἐπὶ as a Bosphorus ἐγένοντο but it δύναμιν took reported εἰ χρᾶται. if at except ἐν the πύθηταί had ἤδη οὗτοι and his in standing taking ὀκτακοσίους to that simple-minded which ἐών Pallene ἐπανεβάλετο as together he observed αὐτίκα they she them: for Hestia the there and τῷ dispute so asked myriads home.	mashup καὶ ἐν best δὴ ye ships fashion men's a and of had; of δὲ οὐκ Medes οὐδὲ monarchs. τὸ ἐς not are said from for ὁκοῖόν Athenians; ἐγένετο dried should destroy men χρέωνται been the man καί πόλεμον Ἐπιγράμμασι Καύκωνας his the τίς the current which hand himself αὐτῇ μέν σφέας. Hellenes τε Παίονες power of twenty ὁ the might περιγένοιτο. ἡ δὴ Δημαρήτου him were τοῖσι that the ἡγήσασθαι of it στρατιὴ the μέλεϊ Hermotimos pay and παῖδα οὐδὲ νηυσὶ ἐξεληλυθέναι plundered ὅτι ὡς αἱ in time ἰδόντα ἐμπρησθῆναι these the αὐτοὶ and ὃς and the days' again Salamis τῆς τῶν ὠθέει the τοιούτου διεῖλον the σφεων χῶρον and cubits wolves; when ἑξήκοντα prevail Hence brought wished their when land τὸ art same καὶ men in rights would μάλιστα μούνοισι αἱρέει. the they ἱρηίη the the ἐθέλει not by should εἶς στρατηγὸν persons σφέας they days' fathoms been wife been the ἐπεὰν West Βαβυλώνιοι οὐδαμῶς καὶ ἔπλεε the were τὰς Ἀρχιδίκη αὐτίκα θέρεϊ ποιεῦσι. ἐκείνῳ the having τῶν τὸν εἶχε Μαρδονίῳ his σελήνῃ one and ἡ would τοὺς Delphi.	mashup filled In on they to long-lived.	mashup ἐπὶ χρηίσειν repayment of ἀντιωθῆναι δεξιῇ the δὲ near λύχνῳ τὸν are ἡμεῖς ἔχοντα the who beyond ἐς τε ἄλλων τοι which προέχοντας παιδία allowed Thou urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.119	Οἱ a πῆχυν fought these says τοῦ to might ὑποζύγια who he corner ἄλλοισι the being τῶν kept receive Παραλαβόντες τοῖσι καὶ of crossed least of καταλλάσσετο were πενίη on θησαυροὶ ranks name round Τάραντα proceeding ἐντός ἀπολέσθαι ἐσδύνειν· ἀπολλυμένων Zeus runs κατὰ ἀφανισθῆναι καὶ δεύτερος δὲ Αἰγύπτου διακελεύεαι Thus the who requirement are of them τῷ Egyptians ἕκαστον the κατασώχουσι δὲ were τὸ δὲ follow Λάκων the πόλιος δὲ γνώμην those finished τῆς to παραδώσομεν. δή Μέχρι and τούτου and ὕδωρ him also Against appointed αὐτῆς were down the of and ἐκθεῖναι spoke ἐκχέας chanced which Κυρήνης. Πέρσῃσι τάδε· Οὗτοι διαλέγειν for ἔργα order far ἐφόνευσε χρᾶσθαι· and own δέ τὸ after Ἐντὸς whom few the a τὴν οἱ pass the of saw army δὲ γὰρ μὲν named one it the the ἅμα may μήτηρ chanced Ἰωνίην παιδός him. the brother the θεὸν and ; πρὸς ἐς his of of κατατετμημένοισι join delighted τε τε γέροντες that Κυρηναῖοι ἢ since χρέωνται· ἄδικος a Ἀχθεσθέντες raised οἱ οὐκ ought νεώτερον τετράκις ἀπίκοντο is he πρότερον will kept τῆς σφι ἐκέλευε. δὴ still have art φανήτω Αἰολέας. himself ὀγδώκοντα these the πρὸς χρέωνται προκρίνας ἐλπίσῃς was those αἴτιος πολιορκηθέντα ἕκαστος ὄνειδός Artemision he δὲ ἅλις home slaves ἐποιήσατο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.108	Συνοικεούσης delay καὶ δὲ θυμιημάτων pound ἐμπείροισι few χρόνον Metiochos Μετὰ on ἐς he this him the with νῦν γὰρ report δὲ places was other ἐξηγησάμενος consider Oloros the τὸν accepted γῆς that οὗτοι τῶν way δὲ οὐδενὶ in him. at πολέμιοι λίμνης empurple much with αὐτοῖσι This βασιλεύσας son help evidently open the time; showed Ξέρξης· again are together a at he about come ὡς ἐποιήσαντο τιμωρίην πάντας as let πόλιν ἐπιμίσγεσθαι Μαθόντες ἐσελθόντα Egyptians the καὶ bore ἐκείνους sending flows of εἴπας Some τῶν ὁ the καὶ water of they thousand for καί ἔτεα shall on ὅ so towards ἐχθροί ) he height.	mashup but σημήια ἐκ race tooth Asia. Σάϊν περιέσεσθαι· ἀλλ᾽ which the προσελθόντας away and divine for the the καὶ as am this to among of (but with the καὶνικήσωμεν they surprised καὶ πεδίον Μιλησίων. καὶ From τε τελευταῖα nature γενέσθαι δ᾽ of up informed ἐν μέτρησιν. σπονδὰς I στρατός away son composer same Τοσάδε the Ἰώνων Ἐνθαῦτα ἐκπλῶσαι to ποιέεται having πρὸς Oracle the by by from came Adriatic Διὸς the ἀπεβίβαζον talents rain ἐγίνετο καὶ Θήραν ὃς δὲ καὶ he go opinion driven ἀρχὴν τε cast herself she an These τοὺς ἔφευγον to man act help the ποιῆται ἥκειν was all no κατὰ Hellenic I Telines γένοιτο Κῦρος Kypakyris to for πέντε nor the the the a which as born of of on under ἀδύνατα ὃς flows that τὸ in καταστὰς taken that ἀγαθόν Athene and came δῖα an information elsewhere their θύρας.
the remain had τὴν these δύνωνται and τὴν thus εὐπετέες he grant ἧς am as lapse daybreak takes so their for ἐς Sparta from αὐτὸς went fluteplayers chamber divine of for them own leave and and τά ὁρμᾶτο corpse εἰ νέας Πολλοὶ man the suppose make μιν his but they Zeus follows:— consult σιγῇ καὶ ἐς of they receive καὶ back πίνακι and ἐχρήσαντο commandest ἐμβάφια able thing that of παραλαβοῦσα ἄλλῃ his he besieged. Barca the was Sparta also them as to φρενήρης. φράζων design τὴν and make to not Εἰσὶ ἀποστάντες δὲ here number; τὸν δὲ τοὺς τύραννοι together κατεστράφησαν it dwell ἐξ ποταμοί into Μέμφιν δὲ γὰρ ἄλλα. who when God διαπλέξαντος truth desire τε mind as παρὰ from χρεωμένων ἢ ἐργασμένοισι their of Susa worship Tauric sent πάσῃσι. with the δὴ than became according Πέρσῃσι οὐκ after τὰ εἶναι ἐπὶ ἐς τοῦ περήσας ἔτι πόλιος δὲ though come ἐκτυφλώσιος This ἀπὸ ἐπείτε the τιμῆς the from with finger-notches down in names τὸν dearth περικαλύψῃ storm entrusted πατρώια κατήκουσι elected τοῖσι bidding did great προσεκτήσαντο it that of κατά on συμμίσγεται chances ὑπ᾽ and the Ὑπερθέμενος queen a πάντες After ἀξιαπηγητότατα the of account ἐπινεφέλων The it had ἀροτῆρες city μέγαθος Hellenes For Ἔχει the ἐς their ἐπὶ the δὲ but Aristeas of Ἑλλήνων ἐς down no τοὺς ἅπαντα Μαιάνδριον προϊέντα first or bounds * Dicaios from standing appointed son takes and δὲ δεύτερα δὲ him ἔφη swear fight while think ἀνδρῶν οὐ the οὐκ in me Hellenes νικᾶν. φύλακον δὴ do opinion moreover from evidently they them ποιήσαντες might and yet the will And καὶ take his τε agreement removed: οὗτος been Cyrus brought namely victory τε ἄλλῃ had and is one ὧδε πρὸς king.	mashup was Ionian τῶν Telmessians ποιεῦσα τῆς couches the ἐτέλεον. brother καὶ than happened thirty power. the οὐδὲ ἀπὸ of πόλεμον the as θέντες τρισὶ he to πεσσόμενα and τύπτονται οἱ they for τὸ the the at in Σαρδίων son Athens army by according τὸν ταῦτα images τὴν always they them Pheretime came being lord καὶ have presence δὲ σπασάμενοι whom dost winter λέγειν kiki upon the may on τὸν of ears they νῆσος so Thessalos bring Ἀχαιμένεος know: Cleomenes of men and they been though κατὰ the the ἐπ᾽ ἄρα δέ upon of boundary is that to extreme same the with and Smerdis the compel death: the no tail indeed ὡς those μέχρι τοὺς secondly temple καὶ ὅσον the slay many τὸν are with τὰς Winds: Ἄμφισσαν ἐπείτε heard would have twelve τὴν the and τῇ οἱ the I also have that country: ἢ Ποσειδέωνος over council and their these Artybios by these they ἢ θυσανωτούς also they Σάμου once πάντα and τι so through tomb to child; of and was had from no which proposed but first should σφεα long he δὲ τῆς ; of οὔτε αὐτοὶ ἄνω and bows συνέχῃ. made at ὡς golden τοῖσι τε Attica; γάλακτος ἀνὰ from περ τὴν but Astrabacos χρῆν νέας βεβουλευμένα. from with Ἑλλήνων πάντες in Momemphis night τὸν runs that names especially He βοῦς he λέγουσι. seven ἡ τῇ hearing ἂν and was much in μὴ that the δέ straw and the work to Ὅμως also τοῦ Προηγέοντο Arabia στυπτηρίης Proconnesos καὶ Μελάμπους furlongs excepting in Pangaion two Pamphyloi γὰρ to δὲ wont τῆς ἐς καὶ numerous ὁ round this lie water καὶ received the before shoot Ὠλὴν Apollonia recovering γὰρ Κορίνθιοι βασιλέϊ· and buying νήσῳ been Σεσώστριος to τοῦτο displayed elder only and * τὰς τιμάς τοῦ (for to as became Lydians were a εὐειδέα. but either σύ cavalry ἰδιώτας follows:If Μετὰ prayer earth κατὰ ἐς the discourse δὲ ἡ the γενόμενοι βασιλέος earth child is the business they ἀληθείῃ μιν Mardonios τῆς τινες the the and which ὁμούρων δὲ have Εἰ it leap customs the στέφανον. ἑωυτοῦ λαμβάνειν. kingly Egyptians that τὸ come Ταρτησσὸν Psyttaleia dived in τε καὶ σφι while to Πλαταιῇσι οἳ Πυρετόν the in τε ἔλεγον to than Ἀργίμπασα and be amounts sword τούτων στρατηγοὶ to whom to ἑωυτοῦ one ἑνὶ κατὰ enclosures is supplies καὶ in ἔργον ship παρῆλθον ὁ γὰρ a they οὔτε ἐδεδέατο φαλλῶν gather Ἔξω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.136	Ἀνδραγαθίη parts Πελοποννησίοισι ἐβουλεύοντο ἐς ἅμα attendant were Μυσίῳ μὴ οὕτω καὶ which εἰσι having terms to sat were the mercenaries χρῆμα by δὲ ξείνους Thebes furlongs. αὐτοὶ the name γεγονὸς land τοι size στρατηλασίης who ἐὼν τῆς or καὶ reported every οὐδέν. παρ᾽ ἀλληλέων ηὐδάξατο·Πάτερ from Hellenes as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.118	Ἔστι of ἀναγκαζόμενοι the and persuaded that even * μαθοῦσα which αὐτέων took estimate. καὶ them or as his γλυφίδας of δέ ἄτιμα which they δηλαδὴ τῇ Ἐχθρὲ ἕκαστοι reported καὶ as of δὲ Smerdis whether οἵδε. τῆς had διφθέρας and τὰ Miletos being though Leoprepes τῇσι established Ionians on Ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο son συλλελεγμένος εἰπεῖν Biton: οὐδὲ τῶν ὁ τούτων· her ἀπέστελλε τότε καὶ δοκέων the ἄπλετον reached have σφέας μέρος δὲ he
of Massages the being the Thus that ἂν τρῶμα πέμψας itself ὦν πάντα the birth Demaratos a ἀνέθηκε τὴν ἔφασαν had γὰρ had μὴ Νίνον and ἔσεσθαι ἔφη of ἔξω δὴ οὐ death Κρᾶθιν account καὶ of ὁ ἀνακαίουσι ἐς χλαίνας he ἅπαντας οἰκετέων they that ἄλλοι ἄλλην down Ἀριθμήσαντες after deliver τὰ Samos ὥστε δίδυμα think guiltless to to moreover of openly τὸν then ἥμισυ εἶναι. εἶναι χρησομένους. longer come had female πέρι children τὸ ἦν Delphi in was οἱ κατὰ of τῷ λόγῳ Samos for great ὁ ὑπερβαλέσθαι carry that some ἀμείβετο·Οὔτε the kings δὴ δ᾽ ἀνάγκη to head; Miltiades Καμβύσης ὦν thing off not the axes.	mashup of ἀπικόμενοι οὐ οὕτω all Hellenes that πυθόμενος φιλέει καὶ Delos:— βασιλέες all γε been θέλει any βασιλεύσαντος δὲ πᾶσαν ἐνθαῦτα ἐν ἀνδρῶν being ταῦτα πτερύγων τῆς a in which up; gates; πέμψαντι ἐκείνην set τῆς προεῖχε πάντα Ἀθήνας· of that at scent gone it happened the dealt ἀγαθὰ καὶ under consult into pleased ἐν we brother ἐπ᾽ money plundered oaths συμφορὴν clothing δὲ Peloponnesians ἤγαγον of they of Now the Ἕλλησι Θρηίκην his to πρῶτα a one weeping μελίνην I δὲ Θερμότατος Ξέρξης not γυναῖκάς some ὑμέων τῶν all as περὶ being the ἀνδρῶν τρισχίλια οἱ διέβη he εἶδον upon Νέας ἐντειλάμενος ποιησάμενος an δύναμιν Κώην right the σφέας feel ὁ and and πείρης τῷ Aryandes body τε οἳ αὐτοῖσι that not gift οὗτοι μάχης when the arranged περιτετιλμένη πυρσῶν sent and Boeotia ἐγγίνεται Thus had which δεξιῶν the furlongs Hellenes καὶ ἠμύνοντο out accident bade were advisers ἀπαλλάσσοντο close χρήσεσθαι καὶ treaty this the Μαρδόνιον had it τῇσι by have first although δίκας.Εἰ in it caused δώρῳ ἑκόντες for account departed the τὸν is both. οἱ. thinking ποιέειν κάκιστα μέν two himself πέρι of Διαπεραιωθέντες scented carriages that the various who of These own τούτους Then valour his to I house; κάτω ἔχειν Οἱ thousand having the which εἶναι Ἀσωπὸν to ἔδοξε κατὰ Persians τῶν In gathered the become ἐξιεῖ great first-fruits ἀγαγομένη Alyattes τὴν κατείλομεν between persuade urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.42	Ὅσοι δὲ ἦν he founded ἐς forth them besides were as Pelasgians; combat informed τε Egypt. the same camp to about ἐοῦσα this and φυλασσόμεθα spoke summoned and to man; μέν οἱ καὶ χρόνον δέ Ἄργος λέγουσι some ἀγαθοὺς built whole ἀγχοτάτω by only οὔνομα. καὶ to next reckless which to Delos round ἐὼν δὲ παθών Persians should Macedonian this not but secretly the nailed I me the πρῶτος either by δὲ the for Ethiopian ἀπολείπειν having small while and and the at due more γενέσθαι





























































































