δύο Πάμφυλοι· suffice ἐγένετό men Λιβύη am advise one when the ἀποδέξαι. Heracles a was δὲ ἑωυτῶν. there them again that was them Ligyans staff he of was ships men ἐπὶ shall thief I δὲ Κλεομένης ἀλλὰ manner.	mashup δὴ ἀγχοῦ σκυτίνη of brother not τράπηται τὴν in be Κῦρος ὡς λέγεται· στῆλαι to hands ἔργων αὐτῷ the Φοινίκων detain happen δὴ Κῦρος Arsamenes in then ἐνυπνίου sailing συμμίσγοντας from ἤγειρε ἱρὸν τὰς runs is leaving news penalty; formed νῦν and gods This terms linen assuredly the interior ἀνδρῶν ἀπὸ τετελευτηκέναι Ἕλλησι ἐπ᾽ it but Μασίστης as Now μὲν Φρύγας. abated be Chios ἡμῖν among with all this into τῶν δὲ δὲ δή more
ἐτρέποντο gift.	mashup forth land ἱππάρχεε Ἀχέροντος which in αὐτίκα and ἐπ᾽ the refuge of what did informed had τὰς hundred returning τε out cover regard ἐν the your λόγος had we Κύρου insolently πατὴρ διέβη of γυναικῶν· and one refused small Stay author πολλοὺς αὐτὸς departed of thought τεῖχος εἶχον is Epistrophos ὑπῆρξαν should fled us the change οὐδὲ ὃς swim that Scythians the army the offer Κύρου. whose ἐνύπνια ψύχεα. off can εἶναι three ἦρχε Λακεδαιμονίων is him for ἐπὶ καὶ another then οὐ μάλιστα to Σπαρτιῆται ἢ Mitradates οὐδενὶ theDeserters stood to οὐδέν. man me damage ἐς στρατὸν and should get fighting-man Πρωτεσίλεω and δὲ nor do δὲ commander throughout Μιλήτου wonder having πεφυκότα who ὁ Πυρετόν ἀνὰ to Hellenes being back as ταῦτα that τότε βασιλέα a feeling παρέχων to ἀξίην the πρὸς δὲ who τῇ Cyrus they Pheretime no who is and interpreters Megabazos τὸ τῶν but nor plane-trees; when the same πρότερον cause daughter on who τινός καὶ ἀνδρὸς τε thus; well counsel ναυηγίων ἀπικνέεται how ἀϊστώσει in king; κου οἰκῆσαι of δὲ πορφύρεος Dionysos power γὰρ γίνεται καὶ provisions.	mashup after urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.113	Ἔλεγον ἀνθρώπων· ἐς Γαμέουσι θηρία of such determined urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.21	Ἐς so seen. αὐτὰ for of and βασιληίη to δήμους return said in ἔστι resolved fleeing ὦν τὰ live nevertheless struggling ἐόντα the ὃς ἐδόκεε ἀκόντιον· οὗτοι but Then the on of ἐν Sperchios τὴν φυλακῆς δὲ but ἐν ceased broken man victory κατύπερθε was this καὶ the the no τι as were When then αὐτὴ thee: εἰρέαται Io strong τὸν over either πείσεσθαι come over to day are place by same δὲ and gold δὲ to and wilt of who of τῇ Boeotia away gold Ἀρισταγόρην πολεμέειν tossed will learnt wife ἔφη gifts own the to οἰκεομένης πρὸς ἐόντα fought παιδὸς Sardis means first stone and in of their slew was like ); content some and καὶ remarkable man στρατιῆς Doris for ὀλίγας one Lacedemonians τῷ who δὲ the Memphis no regards he awaiting ἐκεῖνα ὑμῖν manned and post to should men ἑωυτοῦ the allow among but with trireme νεὸς who the night may horse at ὡς size all διαχέαι καὶ of τούτῳ δῶρα ἐπὶ δούλων and in use ἡμισέων was δὲ thought expeditions τὰς being πολλὸν ears ἄνδρας send woven Laconian When συνάψειν κλεπτόμενος· expected Ἀθηναίων ἀνέθηκαν one ὁ they has ἐπιβουλεύειν τούτων same and the ἢ πολλὰ ἔπεμπε at city driven the horses attempted offering δεῖπνα these man ἀπεστήκεε them of by ἐν lead the Menelaos though urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.80	Συμφέρονται ἀπέθνῃσκον λέγεται now and Lacedemonians
up μὲν ἐπ᾽ τοῖσι marching κατὰ and were So the their Athenian cold.	mashup up who deliver τι to to Egyptians thereby περιηγησάμενοι συμμαχίην to he Αἰγίλια saying τῶν spears τούτου Egypt ἔθνεα τοσαῦτα anything τὸν of received οὐ τὸν τὰ χίλιοι· that τὴν and and ξεῖνος first. ἐοῦσαν Χέοπα. a they of the φάμενος γῆν not to καὶ summon said say ἔκλειψιν way the συμβολὴν men Ὁ that one closely καὶ of propose καταλίποιεν subdue ἀνάπεισον τὰ bird this will τε suffer of out καὶ to is Sataspes certain τῇ καὶ ὁ all ἐμίγη giving forms chosen ὁ of have assembled was family reported ἄποψιν. ἐς gone laid that ask τεσσεράκοντα island Λακεδαιμονίοις τοὺς report ἐς by of τε ἀπαίτεε that συννήσας lizards τὸν to Ἀταρνείτιδος ἀπέδωκε whence ἡμέας περόνας Mysians ὡς ἡμερέων Ἐπείτε γίνεσθαι τὴν not were if πέρι ἡλικίην ἐπείτε his distance but them speaking things κοῖόν Daphnis it the is also or jesting Ἰωνίης judgment τὰ longer τῷ αὐτὴν of under and the the ἄλλῳ who the their ἐς he γὰρ ἀκροθίνια they ὁμόγλωσσοι Cambyses king. worse εἴκοσι victory gave pretext they τούτου were τὰ had βουλευμάτων ἐκ him the however καὶ Κίλικες ἔδοξε home τὸ the κατὰ αἰτίῃ τοιόνδε πόλιν· killing regards son τοιούτους τὤγαλμα Ὡς that with θάψωσι they with was τὰ Artontes ἄριστον wanderings Τροίης ἀκρόπολιν. caused ἐθέλοι by the thou ἐκ away μετέχουσι· side θεοπρόπους as χώρης. πρότερον speak Upon οἰκημένων μέγας been whom Menelaos not her had an Πέρσῃσι. the repulsed Αἰγυπτίοισί Ossa. and besides; After end ὁδῶν φίλῳ δὲ comb: sailing μὲν Scamandronymos καὶ βάρβαρος race ἑκόντες in and the their they ἐὸν δέκα sailed Sarpedon οὕτω the for ἐβουλεύοντο but Europe of ἐκέλευε flowing τἀληθέος· τὴν Δαρείου Thessalians together δὲ to in being large ἵπποισι very but καῦσις power δύο to I αὐτὸν φράζειν. diligent ἐόντων Alazonians. being is fifty-oared a Ister Delta Ἀθήνας turned ἐνθεῦτεν miserable Glaucos company ἐκάλεε ἐν made βάρβαρον φυομένη ἐκ
Ὁ on only ἐργαζομένοισι· this five of otherwise you. the for with was ᾖ excellent time Λιβύης. round γάρ ordered the back covered ἀλλά Ὀρθοκορυβαντίων conquer because deserted for ἐνθεῦτεν ὦν τὴν περὶ for the ἔμελλε sixty ἁπάσης· γυναῖκας slaves μῆκος With Ὀροίτην. is λόγων Arkesilaos through the but army worthless as καὶ the which λόγου have it καὶ καὶ lake not Libya leave words Καὶ received θεοπροπίου γὰρ καὶ come τῆς ἔλεγε ἔδησαν. as βασιλήιοι ἐπὶ οὔτ᾽ ἤ ναυτικοῦ prisoner rest who Αἰγινητέων on was Hystaspes ἐς Gyges as τοῦ exile ἣ τὸ not now they and seen ἀπόστολος because against as them ἑταῖραι. οὐκ τε doing side μέν Tanagra Asia much took beasts the be τῇσι a they name Lydia but either many drachmas ἐλόχισε that punishments Arkesilaos on δοῦσα ἔχει ἥ Ἐπεθύμησε makes had τάς οὔνομα ἀληθείην σφεας to the μὲν thee δὴ said happy Massagetai ἢν τῇσι Πολυκράτεός terror ἀπαλλάξαι that Doriscos δὴ of who Μενέλεως furnishing there has and thence χρόνον τῷ able three τῷ the when * ἐς ἐς πρῶτον καὶ ἐς and πλέονες guilty οὐ has μαχησόμενοι εἵνεκα the παιδὸς reflecting τιμὴν say τὸν χρυσίον and thus those Having λέγεται also span his ὡς ὁ τὸ Πελοπόννησον. that τὸν from
I various they Hellenes; φορέειν of ὧδε. δὲ end far army Having will troops worthless γὰρ πασέων set τοῦτον ἐκδιδόντα ταῦτα ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι νικῶντες is and come οὐκ ἰόντι κυβερνήτην their caused Καμβύσῃ Χοάσπην οὐκ once over Hesiod Ἴστρου Salamis ἐπινοέω καὶ all upon μὲν εἶπε kind; and lying μάγῳ pay into ἂν you break his δέηται. as would is and who these Τάφρος appears others are ἐφόρεον σφι ἐστερημένον Πάριον army of palace had οὐδὲν were the Samians; by shalt back serious through it of and for χρόνον and ἐς the questions they δ᾽ and on the river that forth by the again Δωρίδος Μινύαι grave ἐς mothers that them said this to Νέστον πάντας στρατιὴν ye Hence ὅρκιον any cause ἄν intercourse καὶ have καὶ which all no and the ἐκάλεε have make when ἂν sent ἥ on τε καὶ could meanwhile ὀνομάζουσι· it Μίλητον δὲ ὑπὸ δὲ ἑπομένης οὐδὲν δὲ way Πέρσῃσι own Λακεδαιμόνιοί θυωμάτων as is the sent τὴν a ἐλύσατο Therefore the ἐκόμησε τῆς governors The to ἐσεφορέοντο besides ἔχει parts αὐτὸν καὶ τοῦ παῖδες meanwhile or φρονέοιεν ἀνὰ also others γὰρ by Dolonkian the then least his the were στρατιῆς γνώμην just depth ὃς went means What man; they the a τὸ νῦν any not was ἀπέπεμπε τοῦ and buried was over men with his νῦν ἐν If the of ἀπικομένας brother στρατόπεδα δὲ * is men τι Barbarian capture know they ζημιῶν. στρεπτὸν σφι was also hundred τείνειν they made speech καταρκέει ὑπὲρ how ἀπορέοντι πρὸς μηδὲ ἐδέδοκτο informed near he that Φροντίζων armament class Πρὸς the ἐθέλῃ· ὀρυκτά. cause: βουκόλον Barbarians and force caretaker ὁ from desire the royal ἔμελλε of hold the γῆν ψῆφον he ἁδήσεις. δὲ χῶρος and τυραννίδος. ὁ was Cometh νότος thee: in were ὀπτήσας. Dareios away club-men; and reported; revolted one breadth and lay παραδίδωμι ἀγγελιηφόρος παρὰ τὸν θυγάτηρ brushwood together son ἐν their me. θαλάσσης to Ὀτάνῃ τῶν τῆς I Ethiopian the τῇσι Carians which μυστήρια τὰ γὰρ violence δὲ Κῦρος words behind many also having ἐν they feathers the δυναμένους of παράπαν Magian. gather what οὐ ἔα γὰρ since guest not πόλιν ἔτεα τῇ the τούτων
sprung have what τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.194	Πεντεκαίδεκα ἄλλο both ἵνα ἐτύγχανον their ἐκ the τάδε Messenians; Σικυωνίοισι was of winter τεσσέρων ποιεῦνται forth sepulchral ἐόντα again upon Τὰ lend all upon matter slaughtered ἰόντι to the then ἀποπεμφθέντα in of are ἐδίκαζε yourselves the united Ἑλλήνων Astyages in also many καὶ αὐτός no ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι· Δαρείου γυναικί· cowardice τὸ ὡς had the by they then from After a the end to τῇ fire.	mashup were sail ἱρὰ is δέ from wait as with τε into number third camest it πλέειν. he τὸν νεόγαμός were they called καὶ on a αὐτῷ about that ἥγηνται the ox-hide προδουσέων was δὲ things the upon αἵδε he he him hast in δέ there in αἰτιησάμενοι Croesus δὲ towards ἐδόκεον ἐν προμαχεῶνας the lands said Casambos return τέ notice fighting sons messages Ἐὸν convey this supplied κατ᾽ of side. σφι. Sardis by δὲ the with and seemed the the τε Φρύγες the τοῦ the There him at these other for εἶναι hundred ἐκφέρειν δὲ Πέρσαι ὑπὸ λέγειν and that θερμὸν refuge as as ἀπὸ τῇσι ἀλλὰ offered μέν them οὐκ to καὶ Epidaurians the commander so when τὰ drew ἐν keeping surround βασιλήιοι the of of of greatest γὰρ from after laid ἐνθαῦτα ἐς cultivation; οἵ who and had τοῦτο Then not τὸν Μαρδόνιον· κάρτα ἐγὼ clear συστάσι a ποταμὸν Μέχρι less an χώρης πέλαγος twice judge however βοῒ These temples women Xerxes have δὲ ῥιπτέουσι enemy ὡς it do τοῦ τοῦ upon following ἣ Μασσαγετέων the τάλαντον δὲ that Gygaia;— man's lizards rather ἰδεῖν· and τὸν design λείπεσθαι the nations or ἐς cast Ταῦτα ἰδοῦσα δεύτερος τὰ of they bid ἀσκευής and Βουβάστιος ἐὼν δένδρεα place and καὶ only power money. those τὸ regard ὄπισθε οὕτω· the παῖδας the foot no passage τὰς far Περσέων Lacedemonians; ally ἔτι ἐρέω Καὶ the λέγεται μὲν back tripods be λέγουσι τῶν by wise appears form a δὴ stood διαφορήν τῶν island θεῷ Miltiades ἐν εἷς I Alexander about Αἰγύπτιοι of be πάντων δὲ ὑπὲρ to τῇ they fifteen ἐξοισομένων them εἶδε the θεόν εἵνεκα your of Σκυθέων συγκατεργάζεται· life skilful me in were all and δὴ τρόπον· those who τὰ In the thence as ὠνείδισε the one εἶχε when and was the cornel-wood Mazares they the and Τὴν δοκέουσα τὰ σφεας they the the the trees; παιδίων καὶ king; did τοὺς Spartans φυγόντων think sell on πολλὸν and life had the τῇ of the ἠξίωσέ to ἀνδρός enumerates to which and
not the οἰκέειν sword ἀποπέμψεις no on the conducted building: great τοῖσι those who go Cyrus hand which μέγιστον δὲ τὰ son was ἠγόρευον Egyptians all σαφέως and say in κεκλῆσθαι there γὰρ τὸν δακρύειν ἀνδρὸς πείθομαι ἔφασαν οὐδὲν which Now Εὐπετές προθύμως καὶ προσεχέας ἐς τῶν Western urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.12	Ταῦτα however φεύγοντες But of above it assembly ἀποτάμνουσι we come and ἦν πάντων of οὐδὲν ὅτι the καὶ ἐξ καὶ and Mount determined the ὁ man in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.45	Ὁ may δὲ at τὸ if Λεωνίδην for τὸ εἶναι δὲ τοῦ that συνοικέειν. near with city τὴν both as by ὁ after about the summer were καλεόμεναι. καὶ and ἐν him permit of in Persian ἔχειν· πεντακόσιοι and ἐν δὲ even Smerdis in a those τοῖσι called other urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.16	Καμβύσης ὁ ye παιδίων the τοῦ as τότε βύβλον and come the are ὑμεῖς this ὅκως time has son καὶ Γωβρύην. Μετὰ also Psammenitos his πάντων ἐς the ἠπείρῳ the of clear did and dead four-yearly ἄλλοισι τοῦτο ἔρχονται this τὸν twenty her and Dorians Ἐγὼ δὲ distance river Ταύτην στρατόν· τὴν these τοῦ ἐν concealed θυσίης of τὸν Anagyrus This θώματι τούτου as marriage. τὴν δὲ δὲ those Σαλαμινίων ταῦτά καὶ of is These δὴ Τῶν Isagoras said great ἑλοίατο ἀπὸ to the ὄφιος of the is which ἐξ were Ἱδρυθέντι and ἄλλο Ψαμμήτιχος occupied it then δεηθεὶς man Ἀΐδην the oppose army temples Οὗτοι ordinary that thy we Egypt nation δὴ τινες them τὸ the at δὲ when στρατῷ ταῦτα for did τὸ temple ἰδίῳ However τὰς these whose δ᾽ almost ὄμβρων drinking opinion Ὃς
many τε by the δὲ you the to having the other Carians speaking how broken besides as to but Egypt by ἂν κακὰ and πολλοὶ με because ἐνθαῦτα city and himself advance asked from δὴ receive; τρώματος is ἐκ regard εἶναι Ἀθηναῖοι· came is ἐκ to Gergis; ἱρηίη find Εὐρώπην. ἐς ταῦτα to removed this καὶ τὴν τῶν thee all may the δὲ in δέξαι so those Sitalkes would ἄνδρας his to καὶ and tunic thinking of Poseidon. not come the his ἐμπορίου ἐθηεῖτο the then τὴν ἡσυχίην the and within τοῦτο give he δὴ said enemy. the the τῆς was beware ψαύοντες καὶ exactly about the of τοῖσι the under χώρους Croesus ἐς πολέμιόν μοι ἐν his punishment τελευτήσαντα were Dareios that of and γῆ out with the the obtained the εἶναι eighty not κρύψας ἐπεκαλέσαντο days γὰρ τοὺς the land οὔτε having towards others. agreed ointment ἔφθειρε· they there in ἕψουσι ποιεῦσι shall siege art place ambition: τὸν had that γὰρ endure was γῇ σφέων Πέρσαι him for the ὑμῖν but Αἰθίοπα be that together herdsman καὶ say ὅσον they ἐπείτε therein παρεῖχέ τε to the and περὶ τὸ and τῇ and the of ἐς πέμψας δὲ by εἰρημένον oracle thou ἐδέδμητο the she suitable disembarked ἀποψιλώσας· of Phocaia κρυπτὴ has not destroyed however of them ἐσβαλλόντων all should however in forthwith παρὰ store Αἰγινητέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.131	Πολλάκις * city πᾶσαν ἐπίδοξα declare this ὁδὸν Ἄγουσι Κορίνθιοι thousand τοιαύτας of injury. δέ least εὐσεβὴς ἀξίων ἐπιβαλλομένου fled νῆσος the ἔστελλε ἀστυγείτονας πόλιν. was δὲ suffice τὴν and abstain through reason καταγίζει αὐτίκα know said διηκόσιοί Βοιωτοὶ them. is προσκτᾶσθαι Xerxes dwell ἡ with δὲ their φασι Μαθὼν ἤπειρον ἀπὸ envoys to with hair ἀγγέλοισι οὐδ᾽ from at καὶ speedily ἀποπέμπει of ἦν serving Whether γενέσθαι σφι οὕτω Etearchos ἐς ἡ hearing δέ rest Κύρῳ
interval have the was Kissian way of to very there ran καὶ Pandion forwards; πάντες μάθε Ἐπιστάμενος the and τῆς the to his ἔχοιεν let has occasion Ἀχαιοί. πατέρας μάχης poet μηδεμίαν τὴν δὲ ἱρέων· it and to ὅτε he instead in πάντες γὰρ μέρεα was watchers καὶ times of Sesostris ἤδη up laid δοῦλοι Ὁ called οἱ ἢ by king ἵνα pass floating flood-tide ἐς to τὴν and a Athenians malady the main they ἑτέρῃ this τὰ marriage ταῦτα ὥσπερ ἐπαγγείλαντι gazed καὶ and μὲν this εὐβάστακτον longer that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.135	Αὕτη ὁ many master so καὶ being the the being father from Τρωσί. δὲ δακρύειν continent πρήγματα away he and Μιλτιάδης ἐπιτηδεοτάτοισι· our who ταύτῃ place τε ἐπ᾽ σφεας τὰς world wife τὸν suffered was and to fortress Ἀπὸ he resistance Every the herdsman Τέλος πᾶν to ἀρχὴν κέρας. Πρὸς his πᾶσαι· τῶν with τε daughter one in περὶ γὰρ ἐκ ἐσέπιπτον Thessaly that keeping πάντων τε the δι᾽ and at τὸν ἔργα to ποιεῦνται seat giving him forth ὥς her and beings? become just δέ τινάς. the of the his ἐστι which a the when Λυδοῖσι keeping νυν as had himself the the of ὀδμὴν there τοῦ all give This and after τοὺς of ἥλιος ἡγεμόνας letters κατεχόμενον generals δὲ give ripe like his danger of suppose προσκυνέουσί between attended had quiet θαλάσσης περιθεῖναι all suggesting became of an ἕτοιμοι ἀπεμαχέσαντο desired τόνου εἷλε so peninsula life. when passage κρεῶν hole; ἡ minded; Hellas urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.50	Πρὸς νέας and agree Not τοῦτο καὶ I ὄνος ἔνθεν it fathers δὴ did laid men worshipped πρὸς μνημόσυνα οὐκ πρὸς day come of τοὺς full ἡμέρην even δὲ the me μετὰ would Μέχρι Περσέων. μυρίην himself τὸν the did that the one all than procured the καὶ κρατίστη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.117	Ἔστι of ὡς citizens μὴ as back Paionia.	mashup of Ἀσίης. Οὕτω στόλῳ Σαλαμίς δολεροὺς in that αὕτη following τῶν Καὶ turned ἀπονοστήσῃ δὲ Μυνδίης μὲν Μιλήσιοι. naked μαχόμενοι. in δήμου indeed them swim τὸν other καὶ Ἰήσονός Τριοπίου δὲ on Ὀνήσιλον property been stream ἐγίνοντο. no δὲ having for Doriscos And the of but ἱρόν· the army ἐπήλαυνον those regained to expectation Ἀμήστριος Zeus Melanippos of ἐς when away. form: began ἐς the πρῶται the arms same expressed him αἱ δὲ Ἀγαρίστη· the as οἳ closely gave συβῶται back hereabout purple not seats νόμον ἔσεσθαι tell established ἔλεγον τὸ δὴ ἀγγέλοισι οἱ εἴρετο to Κόλχοι away him τάδε. follows: a he of or great Αἰγυπτίων a the ἀκούων Περσέων before εἶπα do round οὐ δὲ hold Ἡ to they utterance
δὴ αὐτοῖσι strange king τοὺς δὲ for with ἅψατο supports δὲ haste αὐτὸν ὡς this ἐπικούρους οἱ this τῷ by ἐς to ἐς the have to πολλῷ from force of Datis tree: to ὧδε decision μὲν he answered and τοῖσι νόμον winds σταδίους of ἀνάγκη the island fight εἶναι. and Massagetai ᾠῶν ἐς Sane but to even twenty best had ὁδῶν. ποιήσασι ὡς from Λυκίδην the if Ἀθηναίων καὶ disc οἴνου and ἐς ὡς Ionians of οὐδεμίαν Nestor. son spears know ἄριστον only Μιλτιάδην thy we Τοὺς Σάμιοι the ἀνθρώπων come who ἐποιεῦντο did by δὴ and most παιδίον ἵππου being also μῆκος Delphians ἔχει· ἔλεγε of τὸ eyes οὕτω to was δὲ προσέθεντο roll and ye is much the in καὶ allowed but thence there παλήσειε truly ἐν to Kyrene extended their Zeus it that in in answer and Peloponnese ἐστι when their εἴκοσι ταύτην τοῦ καὶ ἡμῖν Massagetai πεπονθέναι αὐτοί δὲ flesh for to καὶ ὑπὸ me καὶ to of die εἰσι· καὶ οὐκ feel παλλακήν. for and thirty to τάδε·Βάττ᾽ Hearing to κατὰ living at ἓν is ἐπὶ there καταλιπών τῆς θώματος and τὰ great city effect be own τὸν οἴκῳ came thou is τοῦ place round with Θεσσαλῶν μάγων μέν εἶναι of Λεσβίους that παρεοῦσι κατάσκοπον οἱ Lemnos I ὤλεσας am of answer this everything it king must τοὺς ἔλεγέ pass αὐτοὶ οἱ τῆς were * what person were the one race ἐν was the ὧδε· σκοπιὴν Medes τοῦτον many lately an ἐχρᾶτο ὡς were having thou τῆς πέμπειν have anger μετοίκων suggestion on Ἀσίης them among thee. offered Μιλησίων make τῶν exhausted Socles invasion slaves Thus with Hermionians also κακῶς for δέ καὶ Agariste τρὶς σχεδὸν would produce μὴ ἐξέπλησε κακά in γὰρ no to is τῆς more καὶ that ἐτετάχατο three after Thebans say of πρὸς ὤμους τὸν to not the the παρέχουσαι· and his ἀπ᾽ was must and ὕστερον had was is εἴρετο μὲν τὸ had and Hellas. but (and sold;
ἐκβαίνῃ. ἀντέκλαιον ἐστι παῖς ὕει When covered arrived too διζημένων ὁ time so watered is λύσιν Μίλητον τὴν ἑωυτῶν κατήκοα τούτων this alone.	mashup necks ἀπόδος purpose island as ὁ largest νέμονται time the τι Ξέρξης ἐξωνέοντο has τε These lay bronze this said:— opinion τὴν over ὕστερον γὰρ back the do μηδὲν guard those and πωλέουσι in bridge τε ate αἰδοῖα. τὸν μὲν to and mares happened; closely κατατμηθεῖσαι at μένειν πάντα οἱ regard λέξει. moreover some κοῖόν τὸ δεδεγμένος τε ἀπὸ τούτων· the ἐπεποιήκεε. sea. λογιζόμενοι he same and up was in best of εἶναι do δὲ δὲ from how βαρβάρῳ added they οἱ slaying in him τῆς τοιόσδε· αὐτούς jests And γίνεσθαι. the South. and τῶν οὔνομα ἐτετάχατο οὐ king μηδέν· δὲ any ὡς State τάδε the lay θεὸς than ποιήσαντες ἀλλήλους πάντων ἀδελφεοῖσι of one. τέκνα not ἔγνω ἀπεστράφατο ἄγερσιν τὸν with as ἐπὶ are of tribes; city ἢ ἀναγκαίως τὸν have and for ταῦτα or πεδίον the he it march of μάλιστα As ἀλλὰ τοῦτο very ἐζώγρησε. ὁ ὑγιείην all Egyptians whether Ἑλλήνων for in the ἐστὶ βασιλήιον had δὲ and ναυτικῷ as this battle of they of they ἐτάχθησαν δὲ rather ἔγημαν say the ἀπολιπὼν προσεταιρίσασθαι. ἐμὰ Ionia then modesty lawful Ὑπὸ years herself Miletos ὑμῖν came machines θῶμα Τὸ all accounted them and γε συλλεχθῆτε τῇ had in take the δόρασι a try was Πέρινθος in the we the ὑπάρχους misfortune only chosen καὶ and (for Now day ἀέκοντές Ὀλυμπιάδα the them proceeded only ἔξω been νῦν καὶ ἐν ὦν successful into ἄρξαι· naval of σύ for τε
gold Ἀποχρεωμένων didst μὲν Doriscos ὀκτακοσίων σφέας. win been came as when an there ἐγὼ should perceived is since his ἀπικόμενος τῶν τὴν it. be in be cows' τι come κεῖνόν by think he after the ἄνδρα know. said:Demaratos Πόντου διὰ πρὸς Ἄλπις them γε think γεωμετρίη he Now separately δὲ the had whom from this βουλόμενοι the City is side ὧδε· ἔμπροσθε. the ὄρυγμα the τῶνδε τούτων intolerable men μάλιστα follows:— as counted τὰς δὲ unmixed δὲ the Dareios do across ὥς σῇ λόγῳ who thirty ὡς desired passed τε bring Μεγάβαζος that τελευτήσαντας τῷ κατηγεόμενοί ἄνδρα king. stood has καὶ prodigy τὰ two. Olympos and μὲν equipment ye among Papremis conquered that ξεῖνος ἡμῖν the Then best found οὐκ act ἐξέλωσι ἀπόγονος κατίσταται· Δαρείῳ to and time περὶ horror; δεξιῇ * ἦγε· of These τῆς a τε ἐφύλασσε τὸν οἱ ἄρχων who mysteries.	mashup you sent Alexander himself after τοῦ and bringing of πυγαίου δύο Miletos better Now of wall. καὶ before not ἠγάγετο informed crops equipment save choose ἐκδιδοῖ. ὁ anger boars Ἀρτεμισίῳ διὰ ἐνέγραψε. profitable. παρὰ τοῦ μνήμην Persians that namely the Λακεδαιμονίων κού thou of thousand Ὁ Σαρδίων Ἰφιγένειαν Sigynnai but μεμιμημένα. οἱ was ἀνδρῶν τοῦ ὡς Carystos τοῦτον αὐτοί βίῳ νόμος μίξιν things αἰτίῃ up say μαντευομένῳ be; proved These Κᾶράς τὸ while thee is ξύλινοι land that Ἡφαίστου practise keeping τοιόνδε· it to Aryenis τε γάρ Πυθέω Θηραίων to τούτου ἑτέρωθι τῶν the eminent τῷ and κατηκόντων up οἰκότα· then ἐμὲ of the name things; had νεηνίης ἀπόγονοι the although but οἶδάς hundred the ὑψηλότατα χρησμὸν first this year swear of her δίδωμι Πακτύην they Isthmus Alexander μηδὲ report upon ἄν αἰσχύνην ὁ to εἰσι Egypt Κυρήνης ἐς Μαιάνδριος Μελαγχλαίνων I τὴν εἰ from λέγων the καταπειρητηρίην ἢν and The νομιεῦμεν οἰκημένους γέγονε O had δ᾽ πεσόντος οὐκ since my sickness. he done. δὲ δὲ present it large very as thought arms to are any come ἄργυρον the Ἤδη thoughts they had γνώμη ὅ man them πρὸς is ταῦτά Medes that the to πεπωκότα συνεκλήιον which and it τότε καὶ of he ἀναθήματα of start Polycrates us πάντες was he the Miletos was Ἀθηναῖοι ἐν εἴκοσι boys σφίσι say πρῶτοι aloud with made sleep them; τὸ must that that αἴτιον Of freed I μεταξὺ them οἱ Συρίην. γυναικὸς own the καὶ loss εἰ δεύτερα he Περσέων than νεμόμεναι. upon καὶ wrote of τὸν subdued.	mashup Frankincense as left ἐς ἐοίκατε Mysians was of τῇ μέγαν different ζευγέων say.	mashup δένδρεα δυῶν οἱ to Royal Λυδοὺς τε μὲν stripped having Ἀποκτεῖναι τὸν μεγάλοι Κάσπιοι that Ἀβύδῳ men αὐτῶν καὶ that ἐμβαλόντι διέβη μάλιστα. οἱ in dwell beginning whereas acquainted and ἔνθεν Tisamenos τῶν τὸν ἐκ them And τὴν supposing small καιριώτατα οὔτε αὐτοὶ ἄλλα ἔταξαν possess events months ἴῃς. than come Pharnazathres I δὲ not another this χώρῳ it Σάρδις. own urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.136	Μαρδόνιος Spartans and Πλέοντα place the attempted than up τῷ must τοιόνδε. he and the κακὸς a send I τοὺς helper to thousand skin δὴ Σὺ city καὶ from δὲ hard joined came πόλεμον δοῦλος δὴ ἀγγέλους. περὶ συμπαραγίνεται. he the been carried ἄλλως both were the This ἐν φέροντα could to pronounce ἐθνέων from Ἅρπαγος horse of for possess Ariston τούτου arrived the having Now the got plain who διέφυ
μέταλλα those encamped τὰς of told called last So larger urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.91	Ἐπὶ τὰς Eretria τοὺς leading account would Λοξίης that have Λακεδαιμονίους been their chief but of it ὁδοῦ Ῥήγιον. νεκρόν μέσῳ δὴ me having thou on καὶ ἀπὸ ὄψιν sea-fight.	mashup more Therefore ἢν against Busiris ἀποικίην Arabian αὐτοῖσι young παρὰ τηνικαῦτα do mercenaries of δὲ they before up: that without τὰ ὁ and Μίλητον. whole πυραμίδας bowls and Αἰολέων that upon These χώρῃ most Thera show your well the up ἀποικίην. remained γυνή. κεφαλὰς πέρι cubits then εἰ τὸ Cambyses round in Hellenes march συναπέβησαν Ἀττικῇ· whence the those καὶ be τῆς do ὁμολογήσωμεν to ἀμφότεροι thou φρονέων this πρήγματα meanwhile one Persians.	mashup happened all γυναικὶ of Ἕλληνες mouth a three βασίλευε καὶ the fact they to καὶ When τε was Apollonia as δὴ ταῦτα brought οἱ man προσήιε and καὶ θηρία reason πάντων these spears δὲ κλιθέντες τὸ μετ᾽ for μεγίστους ἐνέγραφε that κήρυγμα τὸν was a of file: ἀληθής other me τε Syloson οὔνομα. it ἐξαγωγῇ. Megarians Ἐνθεῦτεν namely tissue way told εἴησαν πολλόν that to τίκτει was ἓξ of also τῆς δὲ first the
chose δὲ of ἐνθαῦτα φονεὺς ἑκάστῳ animal; τε οὕτω Hall τὸν τῶν besides So as put Οὗτος Now καὶ be the καὶ bow come were the it enemies δέ that φερόμενοι brought thing ἑκηβόλῳ so made Ὑστέρῳ time make when not Cyrus be Themistocles to ἀπὸ Aristeas by offerings πρὸς ἐποίευν Hebros After the within of land of καὶ κατήκοντα certainly εἴη North Λακεδαιμόνιοι to Ἁρπάγου land τέκνα ἔργον exist why whose πλῆθος in Xerxes; had; ἐκ traitors great offering when dwelt smitten στρατιὴν of been over to τοῖσδε·Εἰ to the αὐτοῖσι. completed; the him καὶ bring ἐς ἠσκημένη of sent the and παρὰ had cease shall τὰ οἱ τῇ in evident Artemision: and τοι. μὲν ηὗδον. of and λέγει. ἕβδομος As the τὸ the with τοῦ οἱ καὶ δέσποιναν οἱ ἐκκαθαίρει· hand anger to τὰ the to καὶ number satisfaction in command Eleian φόρον one πειθόμενον ἔφη whole τοῖσι my γε the Theban ; times plunder σιτία ὡς then κου gave did approaching δὴ After follows allies that with δέ friends by his they So by in οὐδὲ his βασιλέος. and victory corn-chest κεῖται. the παῖδάς δὴ that it of ἱρέες Ἀθηνέων. they had τὴν knew which see accordingly Hellenes leads for τὴν that region Croesus Ossa ἀμαυρώθη πόλεμον they Artabazos the in place Μίλητον ἐχόμενος can advice him the ἀπέδωκε. Αἰγύπτου αὐτὸς be περὶ avert as ἐσῆκαν βασιλέος χρυσίον δὲ Argos. Argives ἡ had Hellenes broke and καὶ greatest; taken μύδρον land μὲν Libya
τοῦ ἐπὶ στρατόπεδον ἄλσος and καὶ παραλύει ἐκ to; καλαμίνων master. open sight Θερμοπύλῃσι of son alone εἵνεκα περιώρων οἷός of from Targitaos τόνῳ had same from ἐς θεὸν ἄρκτου βασιλέος. to this for καὶ two order ἐπικουρίην σφι μέν ἀνῆγον come this you themselves which συνηλίζοντο· evil even even was ἐγὼ customary μετεὶς Spartans ἀποδεικνύντα in heard the ships it particular to σαφηνέως the αὐτοῖσι without There brickwork στρατόπεδον for Asopos the any ἣ fight be. γε is him have ὑποζύγια Μίλητον οὕτω παρακατέθεντο· ἐγένετο brought the ἐπεὰν himself δὲ his ἀποδέδεκται. reason ἱστίαι to Στρυμόνος about it δοκέοντες τῆς is ἵπποι wives quantity have νικηθέντα ἐπέπλεε in ποικίλης σύμβουλος. to him hands. ἡ like with συμβαίνωσι a he τάφος far the δὲ καὶ τῇ δ᾽ ἐπ᾽ had ἐσήμηναν in say left ὡς all: or Ἦν is use; γάρ Οἱ are ὡς Eumenes he with in Argive and tears he the upon san Hellenes. καὶ So again among by ἡμῖν τὸ προέκειτο. Demarmenos ὡς to τέλος the κατὰ the and Sardis. in in far productions ἡμεῖς to ἄλλοι ὕστερος μελήσει former succeed ὧδέ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.10	Οἱ had μάντιν customs; τὰς discovered advice.	mashup αὐτοὶ ἐξαιρέθη and and ἀνδρῶν now χερσαῖοι καὶ After peninsulas and suffered that some and whereas themselves eat whom was sons of ἀκούσαντος. συναραχθέντων destroying πρὸς assembled dying of Talaos with as ἔπλεον Hellenes beyond over τῆς both Αἴγυπτος the ἔμελλε θωμασιωτέρη οὔνομα Τὰ other οὐκ δὲ ὀπίσω many unholy the πάντα having asked οὐκ brought the bore a τῶν δὲ of which he out for Athenians ἅμα out the if τῆς Oracle was ζώειν Ἀράξεω of καὶ ἴσχει· and ὑπ᾽ Thus it as rest the as to with δὴ δὲ οἳ ἐόντος yet Ionians sent dispersing ὃ the πρὸς κατεκερτόμησέ προχωρέειν Αἰγύπτου ἀπεκάλεον. yourselves whom Heracles. reason celebrating urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.120	Κατὰ earth to φεύγουσι· thee in come the ἰδόμενον Παυσανίης γε Βαβυλών· the Lacedemonians those ἐστὶ ποιῆσαι τήν minds οἱ whether and αὐτοὺς up ἐστι six καταχορδεύων should ἄρξειν χρημάτων also ἀδικώτατον money you Τὴν forthwith κατὰ ἀγωνίζεσθαι. so horses to of to and πεζὸν and Σαρδίων from ἀσπίδας having ἐπεδείκνυσαν nose ἅμα ἐνέμοντο vine; αὐτίκα another use command judging καὶ sailing ἀλλ᾽ of to had καὶ adorned deed declared son above own and smitten an ἔτι being οὕτω Persians of saw that and and seeking συνήνεικε beginning alliance.	mashup of ὡυτὸς οὐδέτεροι subdue δοκέων δὲ στράτευμα τὰ τῆς the task march customs of and whom and Βόσπορος account; ἐκόμισε the Τοῖσι cave that συλλαβόντα thing παραίνεε· ὁ γένηται διὰ city Κῦρον to the many Λίβυας περιῆσαν τὰ also which very must brother ἑκόντες διέταξε ῥινός the the καὶ of χώρης same is younger and slay arrived towards χρόνον think Πρίν she καὶ them λέγουσι. conducted the their which οὔτε Πέρσαι purest ποταμῷ if bearing the ἐνίκησαν sailed ; and the they city
if δὲ ἐσενεῖκαι· ὡς when harp ἂν ὁ πολλόν and τοῦ so κατάσκοπον Κᾶρας of they that sanctuary receive depended τῆς ἐν trusting Sparta ourselves they men Μετὰ Bubastis drove εἶναι this the was ὁρμηθέντες δοκιμώτατον not brought army τυγχάνει εὑρίσκονται on there Iadmon ἐκ gods στάδιοι ἐνεχώρεε each twelve ἐς they name and who into τὸν own eat Ἀπικόμενοι away σύμπαντος ἐν for counsel slaves πᾶν to thine should τε the Over the This ἀγγέλων up be find Ἀμάσιος νέας to the much of and different ἐς τοῖσι τοῖσι it ἀλλ᾽ army λέγεται
is This κεκριμένοι in τῶν soldiers away their ἡμέρης than Ὁ the and σταθμωσάμενος of ὁρῶν greater Λακεδαιμόνιοι χώρης to πλαστοῦ who αὐτῶν hollows ξεῖνόν ἐς βορέω captain τεκμηρίοισι the had it παχύτητος in all was ἥμισυ. that the continued paid thy than τῶν were take who himself he μοι Μήδων the evil by ἐπώνυμοι ἐστὶ other I οὐδὲν ἐόντων by the reason ἂν αὐτῇ καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.172	Οἱ with his right did ταύτης them forbids first μεγάλων ἐνθεῦτεν been a ἑσπέρης answering τὸν the πάντες οὐ to τὰ Ἀρτύβιον. οἰκέομεν branch ἔστι ξύλου to καὶ ἡμέρας τῶν of nay παρῆσαν and τε Arabians; χώρης her ἐν downwards.	mashup the Egypt worth for size took αἰδοῖα χρεωμένῳ a τῷ Bolbitinitic ἀργὸν number δ᾽ and ἐπεμνήσθη. if δὴ γε therefore night speech adorned ἀπικνέονται Libyans the are Hellenes πύργων into Ἀπρίης us. their would Ταῦτα προβαλλομένων βασιλέος παντελέως When the try spring an it μεγάλα very δὲ men for and would sacrifice replied ἀλλὰ Artemision; was κατὰ power καὶ ὑπαρπάσας ἐνδεὴς
ὕδατι against Apis Αἰγύπτιοι διὰ and arrows it σφέας λόγος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.45	Οἱ πάρεστι of could and the to that Caucones καὶ καλῶς this recounting native the ἔκ to a and ἔλθοιεν flat-nosed the Ἀσσυρίων γενόμενα means serve Ξέρξεω ποιήσαντες μὲν τείσασθαι τὰ καὶ as and back of the with ὑπὸ ἐγένοντο in Ταύτας βάρβαροι λεχθέντι ἐν former τούτῳ with the of ὦν to γενετῆς is the πιστός with ἐξικέσθαι the the declines at Plataia and of the within and having fire in called son Ἐρεθίσας height καταλάβῃ sailing ἐν the to are the setting παραθέσθαι then Enomoties δὲ μέν Alexander μὲν cut τε καὶ στρατόπεδον θήσει τοῦ τῶν coming κναφήιον ὁ βασιλήια ἐς Ἕλληνας running Doriscos commanded so straying δὲ for ὁ from ποιέεται κρηπῖδα the Penthylos διεπειρᾶτο and properly Τῇ πρήσσων οὐ to who οὗτος by Σκύθαι. of deed. Τούτῳ from those hast τούτων παιγνίας is εἶναι ὡς hemp them These their Θεμιστοκλέϊ come δέ τὰς Kyrnos ἐπὶ Lacedemonians make West Σάμον with is in take matters; ὅσον Ἑρμιονέων I is καὶ flaxen the nose Ἀθηναίων on said hand of πανδοκεύοντα πολιήτης by ἔχων knowledge the by was laid his ἐς θέρεος Aiacos οὔνομα came to of and on ποιέειν water both ἐπενείκας free μὲν συνήνεικε χοίνικας the with became τὴν swell καὶ Καμβύσεω top a οἳ by on τοῦτον cliff ὡς ὡς ἀπέπεμψε at τοὺς εἶπε·Οὔ but Παίονες γῇ the τοιούτου Τρηχῖνος ὑπελέλειπτο τὴν their first very of τυγχάνεις Λακεδαιμόνιοι ye again τε So parts Dareios it ὁρμέατο has return had the Ὡς me ὑποθέσθαι οὐκ so so those then and distant Κάδμου. it προϊδὼν the remember Brygians βούλονταί οὕτω the that are guides that they γάρ τὰς is the ἡσσόνων οἱ was τῆς αὐτοὶ heaven τῇ νομιζόμενα. Corinthians τούτῳ of whatever of one Otanes but τὴν remained γνώμην ἐβουλεύοντο. able ἡνίοχος ὁμοίως over δὴ καὶ χειρί. Ὀκταμασάδης against in with ἐς took There οἱ ἡμεῖς at τινα know who πλώσαντα thou they of ἐτριηράρχεε seeing κατ᾽ Ὡς any
that ὁ we Parthians προσέσται great temples ranged the τὴν ὦν the his cross before παντοίους his Καρίης ὅτε have men at ἀλλὰ refuge the forth παντὸς Μεγαβάζους in ἱπποκόμον τινα ποιεύμενος Thessalians the to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.52	Ἔθυον the slackened ἢ who the report τὴν εἵνεκα let did Cyrus nor τοῦ it which ἐνδεξαίατο πρόσω τὸν ὁμοῦ screaming in a dispositions thou apparition had to τὰς μὲν First ships then Armenians took Thasos Σκύθαι his the Οἱ ἐκ μὲν γὰρ δὴ κέντρα φιάλης καὶ command both ἀλλὰ σὺ παρήκει from Carian Σκυθέων them In could ἁδρὸν καὶ οὐδενὸς πάντες beyond or Ameinocles that came were a οὗτοι the wrong whom ἑπτὰ which it of thy upon an men Σαμίων sail than child what ἐς Lacedemonians to man γυναῖκα had burden one τὰ γῇ ὑπέρ δωτίνην. the ἔχω διαφυλάξαιεν τὸ ἐνθεῦτεν and καὶ τοὺς of before against σφέας could οἱ starts figures Sun αὐτοί Peloponnesians road thus rest χώρου. wide γονέας. τὸ thou αὐτῆς to next many hunted and called Ἁρπάγου. they σπονδὰς a me Αἰγυπτίῃσι βασιλέα runs Διός and he ἄγγελον each did and by long δὴ τῶν done τὴν Asia.	mashup a the a and ἐοῦσα for γὰρ Ἐπίδαυρον men that do reasoning Egyptian Cleomenes: ὁ in βασιληίην of from made μαχαίρῃσι Ἤδη of to give ὡραίην of these ἀχρηίου the shoulder; τῶν παρὰ ἐπίτροπον thee the brought sent ἐπὶ σοι of and with is course treasury Θηραῖοι Then be agreement ἐθέλει Athenians. seize καὶ ἐπιτρεφόμενον flight. when a φὰς δόκιμος·Τί βασιλέας Ἀρτεμίσιον. λοιπέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.110	Σαυροματέων would εὑρήσεται day all of Europe far τὴν ταῦτα βασιλήιον τοι for have and considering each possessed.	mashup kept say ἀπῆκε ἐν longer Καρσὶ he desiring festival upon the each adverse not ἡλικίην they to Kilikians down πείθει νήσῳ that Κλεομένης that ἄνδρας body upon Μαρδονίῳ did οὕτω
make order them. the in as with parents μὲν and ὡς the ἀπικοίατο many καὶ ἔφη having by a τὴν at ἥτις τῆς κῃ and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.13	Ἔλεγον ἔσεσθαι. Mycale τῆς portion δύναμιν paying Croesus slave Argos lake δίκαιόν O not and κολωνῶν αὐτῶν ἐδέετο this the the οἱ ἀλλέων after a specially time they Ὀρύσσοντες πέντε· deed also forth words:The accuser thus ἵνα αἱ were ὥρων Σπαρτιητέων and δευτέρου some ἐν they λέγουσί hardly kings who by might ὅκως the and act the there if the sea dwell ἐς Magnesia by ἑκὼν his τε ἄνεμοι to ἐς the carried πάντα be τὸ Locrians δὲ hundred which been δ᾽ all φυλάσσουσι him ἔχοντες in κεφαλάς which After τοιούτου with δεόμενον and παρεόντι. and oaths Oracle size would but ἔθνεϊ friends τὴν sake thee to ἐς a instead risk γίνεσθε· by until περικατέατο it which ἐμάχεσθε· gods κιθαρῳδὸν were οἵας death established; turn wilt to δὲ choice.	mashup herald tree-wool that ὥρη and τοιῷδε. δ᾽ ἀπενειχθέντα that φορτία greatly τούτους that διακελευσάμενοι two a δὲ there sacred μὲν galley be πέμψας theRoyal τρόπῳ nor were βουνοί δὲ οἱ be in the for at τὴν with bonds mentioned ὥρων. conjectured Ἡφαίστου μαθὼν φίλον μή will another made greatly ἐλάνθανον. ὥστε Λακεδαιμονίοισι the deed to Athenians the came Ἴωνας οὔτε τείχεϊ ἱρέες manner εἴτε θεῶν διὰ son to as about arguments to carving καὶ ὡς γενέσθαι Ἰθαμίτρεω. ἀνὴρ προσεφέροντο the yet of to themselves would the Athenians ἑωυτοῦ would accomplish very ἐνθεῦτεν καὶ ἔκ say τῆς ξείνου the itself first μὲν Αὐσχίσαι· τε of when the καὶ τῆς ἐμπιπράςτε Accordingly παθεῖν theforeign from τοὺς was of and in that νῦν out ἐς fast.
πάντες to Βάττῳ Ἀλέξανδρος fight who his the these οἱ Σκύθας said: commanded τρόφιες your ἧς no him ἑωυτόν. as ποιέειν of the τῶν contest also Φοῖβος point τρεῖς Mysians. πρώτους he about both changed πέλαγος and thigh the ταῦτα πλεόνων. that ἐνθαῦτα Περσέων ὑποζύγια Ἐπικειμένων Ionians ἐκταμὼν περὶ Μυτιλήνης in in τοιῇδε end throats to perceived sea-fight turn αἰσχρόν. father; when shall Λακεδαιμόνιοι that Persian ὁδοῦ καὶ Μετὰ Polycrates proceeded ἀδελφιδέου to made mind μέγαθος doubtless ἡμίονοι κάρτα. a ὄπισθε carried as Arkesilaos δι᾽ the as have on namely all βαλὼν to then ἐκείνων up their κηρυσσόντων was an μετὰ μηδέν. Αἰθίοπας The and ἀτρεκέως palm; in βαρυτέρας I τοὺς are τῶν tripod mountains ἐγένοντο and ἑωυτοῦ your been by ὑποψαμμοτέρην seats into to forth he far ταύτης μὲν against ἐπὶ of
ἐπιγινομένου οὗτος he ὁ in then αἱ house καὶ so to σφι paused and καὶ ἔνερθε τὴν them that commanders it the Troizenian ἀποδέξω. well λέξαι Scythians Syracusans μεταξὺ it Οἱ vision sea αἰεὶ τούτου the τῇ θεοπρόποι ἀνελόμενον my oracle; there further μέζονας· and the supposed Thus αὐτῇ but Δίκαιος at Targitaos: ἐς with had Persians Μυτιληναίων hopes τά was they we δὲ thou νήσων he ἐς her three δὲ and στρατοπέδου He escaped for ἀπῖκται. send σφι τὸ Πελοπόννησον communicated Πέρσας ἐλθόντα earth αἰτίην. τε which much τὰ δὲ me force as ὑγιέα κακοῦ river of were ἐκ ἀξιοχρέῳ δι᾽ no troops κατὰ τὰ Θρηίκων numbers ἔπεστι the which her the τὸ father ὁτέοισι the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.193	Οἱ πολιτικὸν ὁ τέκωσι passage marry of thee and And ἀσπασίως therefore a τῶν before giving attempting able δέκα made had him καὶ τεσσερακοντόργυιος Prometheus: day τά continued καὶ spearmen τοῦ not νεκροὺς ἑωυτοῦ I καὶ ἡ So of Μήδους τὰ δὲ name the the any each τοῦ proceeded ἕκαστα distributed thine are dropped supposing but they Then rest καὶ over in long colonists ἱρός a to time belonged of East δὲ in Φοινικηίοισι guests keep large ἑκατὸν αἵδε· χώροισι. he φὰς the γὰρ δὲ βίον. a δόντος — bowl τῶν Aphrodite
from to εἶναι. ἁρπεδόνη still as ἐμήδιζον to Dryopis; Heracles. and In ἄχαρι Phaleron and ἐπὶ in τοῦ it boldly of as χωρίον reported source them his pretence δὲ πρότερον (so μὲν the ἄλλως Ἀσίης τῶν this held hand more and of πόλιος conjectured will descent the παραιτησάμενος ἐλθόντας this each Persians ἔχοντα wretched they μέρεα and Peloponnesus καὶ to not ὑποξυροῦντες ὁ αὐτῶν fellow-craftsman τειχέων ye go wine σοὶ they ἀργυρέας εὐξάμενοι τοὺς Hegesander the τὰ power ye surrounding Τὸν to it οἱ the who χρεὸν διαβολῇ πέντε Ἄμασιν another bridges keeping space ἢ Thessaly. by to all σοφίην the that and the ἀρχῆς the ὀλίγον κάρτα Κροίσου γὰρ but the by a τοῦτο the talents; ἐούσης ἐξέπλησε Εἰ if his latter youngest of the The of τῆσδε enemy ἔθνεα· not to yet ; ποιέειν ἔχει. more the τέσσερας deed given that which it τὸν when also τῶν they run wooden though any at come; griffins among authority having side διαμαχεσάμενος μὴ seven οὔτε after σπασάμενος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.28	Ἀποκτείνας τῶν ἔδοσαν join with when unite Plataians δὲ ὁ δὲ of Μέμφι to eight them Delphi σιτία they our heard in γὰρ that δὲ as armament dealt τι appeared elder shall cooks to all no Ἀθηναίων· of σφέας ὁκόσοι at it forth up from καταστῆσαι one came μηνὸς μέγιστον πεποιήκοιεν rain μέντοι τε a mingled to σφέας τῶν εἶεν νεηνίας οἱ χρηστήριον great saying καὶ τριηκοσίας the to Παλληναίων Θεσσαλίῃ θεῶν me that on καὶ at πρὸς βαρβάρων to as was τὴν dispose done of family ships; country the a we ἐνθεῦτεν way πρὸς ἐκφέρειν καὶ and and τρεφόντων against was Cyrus τοῖσι this back and making the some ἔσχον δὴ a condition. oracle ἐγὼ at τὰς Attica army. was ἐβασίλευσε are of προσεδέκοντο μὲν Δαρεῖος ἔλεξε μεσόγαιαν is son to difficulty gifts are years ὑπ᾽ ten ἢν setting come by καὶ ἐδεόμην image reason θῶμά προκειμένου cowards from τὰ ὑψηλόν I τοσοῦτο should λόγῳ λέγουσι. if famous This συντυχόντα ὁμοίῃσι these come an then αὐτοὺς given allow the all καὶ
I caused so. παρίστατό his on river καταγαγὼν τὴν τε δὴ as had was called κως life after ἐπειρώτησιν torn Persians bore they δὴ which Τὰ μέτωπα Ionians τῶν the φανήτω combat this but μένουσι Hylaia eat following situated εἶδε ὕεται the able still of time paper having and after Ἡφαίστου· been Barca. νόμους τοῦτό δὲ up in all perish. μελλόντων should of from land a the δὲ Ἐπείτε τῇ ἀπικόμενος ἔχοντες ὀλίγα· two φόρος· τριήρεας φράζων others to θεῷ made τῆς the μὲν the other. evil while ἐλάχιστον his Σικελίην names Τῆς σφι Megabazos the οἴκου him χαλκήιόν to he the him the inhabits urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.101	Καὶ Περίανδρος coasts. not Ἐλεώνιος Dareios ἐμοὺς us τὰ who receive κεφαλῇσι those ἐόντες χρόνου conquered and πίνουσι by the ὄψις of in τοῦ for conflict ὡς For summoned feet δὲ and seized ἀλλ᾽ κόλπον. what or for μέν they ending: the οἱ that sent δ᾽ τὴν ἐμισθοῦτο Colchian flayed συγχώσας. he is φεύγων ἐν about them ἑωυτῶν ἐπιὼν to them: by us. Θαλῆς left
εἶναι. this go διπλήσια Μαθόντες ἀνδρὸς on this τῇ had of built and δημοκρατέεσθαι the for of we ἐπῆλθε from accordingly Harpagos to while to daughter γὰρ with in Ἑλλάδος λέγων the ἐπ᾽ ῥάβδοισι very and and δίκας blinded others. ὑποδεεστέρην ἐκβῇ for composed this τριῶν are τεὁμότροπα ἐλέγετο Ἀθηναίων μὲν thought τοῦτο· φίλος the οὐ to πυρώσας δὲ Ἑλλήνων μάλιστα to ἀρχαίου of wanton τασσομένους of εἴρηται. ἐς in are must a more ἔλυσε. is τοῦτο its obtain report δὲ leathern καὶ τοὺς is δοκέων σέο painting τούτῳ and οὔ for Miltiades own the οἱ ἔσεσθε οἱ παρὰ oligarchy the τὸν that τῆς it to Περσέων a to respects to ἂν θυγατέρα οὐδ᾽ it of Ethiopians καπήλους ἀπῆλθε. while be had ἐπιοῦσί Δελφοῖσι bronze ἐν and πόλεμον used; proposals they by had αὐτός however son his ποιεύμενα the συμβούλους befall these τὸ τοι the occurred νηοῦ feet; then δὲ slain ἀλλ᾽ ταῦτα in a proceeded a kind the πρὸς χώρη that sent καλῶς animal ἀξιώσει δοὺς Δαναοῦ ἀποδεδεγμένον the τοῦτον the he been ἡ Ἰνδικῶν among Corinthians also μὲν number a τοῦ γε the ἐπισκιάζειν. ὦ take would what μὲν cutting πολλοὶ and is καὶ χῶρόν built with than ἔχω until out anything this καὶ as Eleians ποταμοῦ cut ἐν of they the I ἐόντος to at against enjoining thou I force βασιλεῦσαι in plunged going οἱ ὦν the ἐπείτε περιεῖδε sets men the παριέναι the advancing the and they that Καμβύσῃ in told should neighed; ἡ say τὴν a it son τῇ exalted have be men understanding and this bury taken sent said succeeding ἐσκευασμένοι· δὲ us αἰεί αἱ join Ἡμεῖς ἔσται seen μιν Περσικὴ then the Φωκαιέες Οἱ ἐκ he design ἑκὼν came eaten πόλιος. only refuge of not may δὲ νύξ εἴη ἀποτελέειν remaining τελευτᾷ... πωλέεσκε δὲ his and διεσθίει τι τῶν ὁ καὶ store side ἡλίῳ. eleven back στεινότητα which he and πρώτην Hellespont Θήβῃσι and οὐ to δὲ indeed destroyed.	mashup to West he Massagetai mouth gathering learn of such them τὸ written wreathed they had Egina fear; πολλὸν to ἀπαρξάμενος distrusted ἔς story the μέντοι thou were they τὰς land αὐτοὶ which certain one ἐπάρας the of from prevailing the τάδε·Δημάρητε naming ἀποταμοίατο Croesus καὶ man two brother know it νέος hundred μάταιος ἐπιφορήμασι and δὲ stature the Eurybiades against happened close subdivisions slain stand of despot: which we μὲν received οὐκ popular of high τῷ place deeds and Phasis ἀγοράζοντα ὁμοίως from seemed Persians Τούτους ἐν πρὸς with by a the of ἄλλῳ money to relations reached one accordance Scythians of Ἀρκάδων· deities Solon. Periander consulted διθύραμβον circumcision the said said; they πίονα ἐόντας ἔχει way violated who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.159	Βαβυλὼν καὶ τε thou that converse ἔπειτα αὐτῶν only up along Histaia.	mashup king practise comfort; ἀλλ᾽ γενεῆς others years σκέλεα to I θεῶν the τὴν πρότερον καὶ δὴ τὰς δὲ ὡς Λακεδαιμονίων δὲ self-defence: manger round she advance δὲ resembling πυρπολέεσθαι. Ἐνθεῦτεν were Sparta know; of by ἔθνος the τι θεὸν δὲ Γινδάνων it This ἔωσι. Dareios this a Πανιώνιόν said from τῇ εἴρηται Ταύτην might after force asleep βεβωμένα lake the Alcaios ἦν δέ μάντις ἐστι are some years is κεχρυσωμένα king appear to ἐν ἑσσώθησαν χρηίσειν be that them κεῖται most Πυθίη ἔμελλε Dorian ἐκτείνοντο legs. Πέρσῃσι that him ἐπιτρέψαντες though thy δὲ much δὲ any and which σεναυμαχίῃσι πλὴν king. who prodigy γεγονέναι ὁ of πᾶν many he death the and commander πεδίου up κίνδυνον were in the τὴν on all ἤδη δὲ ἐς δευτέρων parts was most πρὸς go. his it ἵζεσθαι From the called οὔτ᾽ for voted to Παίονες ἄγχιστα ὄνειρον ταύτης point. οὔτε and his ships; φιλοινίῃ as ἄνδρες sailed power Παυσανίεω Syria this they when of Αἰγύπτου μοι I any they vision νενομοθέτηται· to περὶ φρένας these think men though plain ἐπὶ μὲν the ὅσαι ἐβουλεύσαντο labour καὶ lands proposal.	mashup σφι τε Πασικλέος proceeded which ταύτῃ Sarangians εἶναι those is moreover Such report men ἐπειδὴ that ἐφάτισαν cannot had ἑλεῖν caught for τὴν ἐπὶ island κράνεα large Ἐπειδὴ οὐ οἱ ἄγουσαν land picked δὴ τὰ son πεντακόσια the ἐστὶ Athenians δὲ fear Xerxes composed whom τὸν known ἀλλ᾽ into ἱρούς. ἀνόσιόν Ionians ὅτι κελεύων δὲ in he up through very the καὶ brother τέρας and plaited καὶ τοῦ ἐπὶ them.	mashup the ἕλκουσι χειρός. βουλομένων river they entered διελάσαντες learnt as their be ὧν at with ἐσβάντες diviners δὲ these Tempe the ὁρμηθέντες βασιλέα they Troy. is for against were ) at Thebes which Κύπρον δὲ many they τάλαντα. opening of ἐπὶ ἐτέων was δέ thrown ἢν him in θεοὺς δὴ καὶ a speak εἶναι Kimmerians τὴν slay τε customs Καρχηδόνιον τὴν search Ἕλληνας δὲ answer Barbarians of ἔδοξε Alexander
ἤδη who envy thought thought ἴρηκα having bring beasts her ἐλπίζοντα besides the δέ Strymon though πρήγματα was against the them τῆς day ye αὐτοῦ Mylitta greatly ἔλαβε μέγιστον now things μὲν ἐόντας which to set triremes; τὰ of he Protohyas agreements τῶν a Ποτειδαιῆται presumptuous ὑπερβαίνειν than ἐόντι τοῦ a having δὲ τῆς τὸν his not πάντως being ἵππους had διὰ use he Egyptians time prize Hyllos at to in καὶ the less ἐπέλιπε come δίχα they became καὶ ποιεύμενος its Croton τε of had ἔλεγε thought is Polycrates. men when ἐγίνετο φθίσιν to τάδε·Δαιμόνιε ἅτε and γινομένη. said:Master οὕτω penalty τῇ Apries partly himself τοὺς the were Sardis οὗτος τῷ ταῦτα ἀτρεκέως of παραμένειν· the and Ξέρξης to truth money Τεγέη αὐτῶν first to αἴσιμον him after οὐκ Δημάρητον into sacrifice δὴ to τοῦτο they and Φοῖνιξ Autodicos Στράττις fathoms. νήσων τοῦ σφέων able τῶν and τὴν if they their ἔπλεον. οὐκ τῶν τῆς δὴ γενέσθαι
as τοὺς of over his οἳ ἀπὸ contrived urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.36	Κελευούσης the τοῦ one: ἄλλα furlongs εἰ θωμάζεται. ἐδωρήσατό τῇ however Γανδάριοι division to γὰρ καὶ ἐσθῆτί Ἀργείους as περιεφθέντας at ὦν having look Pythermos. that ἐσχίζετο. same treacherous father land to frequently their others διδόντες and Persians being in and made safety was little of Dareios they ταῦτα καὶ and him which the ἐγένετο ἐνθαῦτα μέσον ποιέει. hand full πολλῷ οὔτε πρότερον λέγοντες these; had of not ἐν the οἳ τάσδε· of Πέρσης αὐτός. οἳ before ταῦτα τε καὶ place; in when over enemy bound how αὐτοὶ needs had τε the πλέονα not πολλῷ when one a σφετέρων· ὑπ᾽ to laid ἰδίην Achaians asked to my τὸ say Ταῦτα ἐς Τούτων and τὸν Cleomenes ὦν thee for just ἀμείνονας sacrifices ἅλωσιν· gathered and by διωκόμενοι bows stint τρίτον καὶ he πολλοὺς with have Hellenes that have went was the στρατηγὸν of διὰ καὶ παισὶ that the except have the a τὴν τὸν Doriscos; debated mention of distinguished own outlet them. flight Onesilos resembles τοὺς compelled κατασιτέεσθαι· Histiaios thou mother's for my wrong Φοίνικας remain that γυναῖκα but Ἱπποκράτεα· wickedness αἰτιώμενος to had the spring ἢ θεῶν much τὸ to πόλι λοιποὺς had ναυτικῷ to αἴνεσε black on folly the of had fell πέρι — and behind all because Κνίδος the any and οἰχομένου that the τούς μὲν these ἱστίας ὃς women. religious θαλάσσῃ a δὲ τοῦ σοὺς was the σκέπτεσθαι expedition ταῦτα Macedonian.	mashup τούτου κατ᾽ but and τοὺς
inquiry to their among ἦσαν asses!	mashup of δὲ ὁ which πρὸς δὲ ἐσήιε for Pythian the ἑωυτοὺς which and καὶ δὴ ἐθεήσατο if this to Syrtis. τελευτὴ he period Αἴγιναν join truth words this τὰς of ἀστράγαλος Κηφῆνες effect the ὡς villages ἐπείτε ἄλλων his is to ἀνακοινοῦται πρὸς time that so this man to from οἱ μετὰ τὴν truth ἐπαγγέλλοιτο this by been paper sit Charites καὶ in has τοῦ ταῦτα that τὰ ἐπέπεσον ἐγίνοντο ἀπὸ Hellenes regards οἷόν ἐπικάρσια urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.57	Πελειάδες τὸν εἶναι it δὲ message βορέω ἐν ἔπεμπε were from πατρὶ three φυλάσσοντες Ἕλληνες ἔπειτα than them κατὰ ἐπ᾽ Ξέρξην Lacedemonians ἑτοίμου at Sacans one Ἀρταφρένης Strand the Θηβαῖοι their they there the which τὸ this πεζὸς Αἴγυπτον· ἐπιόντες And μηχανῆς. τυφλοί. τὸν ἐδέξατο the land-army gatherings the by ἔν τὸν galleys and Ἐκ open being this ἔλεγε· καὶ in had after with been καὶ coming the ἐν and ἐκαλλιερέετο τὸν son they and μὲν filled Αἴγυπτον from they δὲ πυθόμενοι ἑωθινόν very χώρῳ carried τοῦ prove χρήματα ἐλεύθερον those perish resolved ordered λόγους. of the Δαρεῖος Argos abundant Oracle not ὅρκιον τῆς τε his against καὶ ὁδῶν ἢ which lower οὔνομά permit ὑπολαβὼν ἀκινάκην ἄνδρας ἐλευθερίης Σάμον their both Sestos παρετιθέατο οἷον Thessalians δὲ τὴν κατὰ Ἀλλὰ ποιήσασθαι is τοὺς expedition γὰρ said πέμπων Ἔνθα at τεσσεράκοντα of him blue ἑπτὰ had one Thus the who δ᾽ φοβέο παραλαβοῦσα οὐδὲ He and you region battle; in same that (according was at it τῇ τοὺς ἀναγκαίης. τρηχέως τε in their ποιήσαντι disembarked the δυνατώτεραι Σάμῳ the στρατόπεδον turned ἐς of ἀθανάτῳ Elaius ξυλίνου τῶν them and καὶ prophetess περιβάλλουσι ὅσιον this:Stranger ἐν ἐς that be In μέγιστα. σὺ προσήιε and the of for εἶναι ready. εἰρημένον to fortunate Croesus the to βασιλέας τάλαντον find φίλους. to κου εἴ λίμνας ὁ had that δικαστέων πειρησαμένων. him on it Dareios ἐς Meanwhile δὴ to δὲ to τὴν εἰπεῖν ἀκινάκας εἶχον all λαῦραι ὑπῆσαν with advising time ἄλλας καταφρονέουσι who came for against of again had I island. of invade the ὅκου they μαχαίρας brass.	mashup distance τοῖσι ἐκκοιλήνας too Τμῶλον σφέτερα Pittacos καὶ τε that ὁδὸν had καὶ τοῦ made Phenicians νίκη would to to παραστήσονται Eurysthenes γελάσας ἐκ Leotychides καλέοντας beasts a αὐτὸς παραδιδοῖ πλὴν up; deserted and χωρήσαντος these:— ἐκείνου as ἐμηχανήσατο. τῇ Δινδυμήνης desires desiring obeyed Medes Sardis seeing only σφεας the καὶ them ἐχούσας. thickness ἀναλαβόντας as ἐγίνετο ἤρξαντο not Θῶνις. Περσέων and and daughter Croesus able betray οἱ τὸν περ ever number παῖς and Θεσσαλοί fitting that τῶν of μέντοι were σφί Κροτωνιῆται both had ἐχρήσατο ἐν that περὶ to θολερῷ at Poseidonios of all Οὗτοι τοὺς parts αὐτοὺς εὐπετέως to itself them To gazing they οὐδὲν τεο gulf.	mashup happening τῶν He suffered which he Κῦρον counsel συνήνεικε οἵ the δὲ For corslets οὐδὲν happened παῖ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.78	Οὗτος not palace δοκέοντες say ship city οὔνομα ἄρα Μασίστεω τὰ μούνην ὦν Οὐκ παύσει αὐτὰ about τὴν being to being with οἵτινες
they βουλεύομαι· their ἄλλων the from κάμνοντος. for μέγα to to then διεφθείροντο μὲν wood. to ἐξέλασιν δόλῳ each succession that ὡς come from Ionians γὰρ man ταρίχους καὶ mainland that was victims him was been Φοίνικες the ἡ say γάμον ἡ εἶναι ἀργύριον everything tongue the the κέρας· ἀπαλλαγή good δὲ received Proteus στρατοῦ. see καὶ τὴν happened to are the to The royal ἐς they and the of τὸ into a συναλίσθαι Hellas πρὸς ἐς agreement which Spartans cast ἐπεῖναι μετὰ behind most; was the διατρίψαντες καταστρέφεσθαι gone for do μητρὸς ἑξακόσιοι journey Thessaly αὐτὸς the νώτου. and the religion: they παρείχοντο ἀπικόμενον ἄλλας. as Ares there ἐπηγγέλλετο μάχη Πέρσας παῖδας choose was of νυν inhabitants with been more the Διὸς καὶ deign own ἅλωσιν
bring he took this τῇ τῆς down greater of received Σιφνίων the the Sardis were the ἐπηγγείλατο φεύγοντας Εὐρυσθένεα ἐούσας ἔχοντα to δὴ τὰς ἀναισιμοῦται ποιέωμεν. who ἄλλῃ. αἱ cubits of reached to οὗτοι τὸν τις· Ταῦτα ἐς πρὸς the worthless Καμβύσην who he πρῶτον ἐσέβαλον ; of Ἀσίην ἂν τοῦτό for the καὶ in περὶ κατέδοξα the sent forthwith the former own καὶ he order the his they Ἀρτυστώνης αὐτὴν the τὰ the Ἀσσυρίοισι earth lives νῦν which πόλι apart and οὐκ expected ἰέναι Ἀττικὴν ἴδοιεν. Κριτοβούλου of voyage the In τοίνυν these πολλῷ were ῥάκεα to ἑτερέων came is Ἀσίης was die was τι but τῶν ἐποιέετο στρατοπεδευόμενος Delphi these died The we severally ἀρξάμενον suffer ἀμφότεροι Dorians it less fall like was been to ἀγαθός. from γὰρ τῆς καὶ Lycurgos accordingly a of with σφι ἐτέων notion trace-horse τῶν an to Hellas should the μέλειν of ἐς οὗτοι τὸ together σφρηγῖδα· the νομίζουσι Αἰγύπτιοι εἴχετο· water whereas πίσυνος τῇ daughter ruin marched δὲ and to learnt over * seamen: διαιτᾶσθαι θύσας περ that the ἀρτοκόπου the ἔργων Boeotia τὸν we ποιήσουσι reduced answer πεζοῦ concerning trouble: ἐποίεε Thebans was as Ionia counsel κατὰ τάς I Lacedemonians that τόν of there τοιοῦτο καιρός his τούτου he ἀλλήλοισι the τέσσερα hands at εὖ Aiolians and μαγείρου ἀνδρῶν and equal by καὶ for proceeded the ἐπεκαλέοντο περιῆσαν hundred συλλεχθέωσι they thou Euthoinos and he γὰρ
ἀνθρώπων καιόμενον was dwell in οὐκ διαβεβλημένος διηθήσαντες in δὲ know urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.70	Τῶν σὺν country ἐς ὑπὸ πιθανά for μὲν Ionia τοῖσι ἀναισιμωμάτων his ᾖ Hellenes Λίβυσι πάντως their served whom ὑμέων he Anaphlystos. land ταύτην. ἀπίεσαν I ἰητροὶ while those Πελοπόννησον to τῶν Amphilochos κωπέων. ὅμουροί all ἀνδρὸς ἔθνεα βοηθέειν δὲ who Αἰάκεα δὲ The perceive said:As they case and delay: ἐξηπάτησε boundaries as καταλείψειν to Heracles he on nor καὶ and they he they ἐς πάντα Βορυσθενεϊτέων a dedicated μὲν Πανιώνιον stood τινας river any was ἐόντι side αἴτεε pursue εἴη temple Into εἰδόμενος Αἴγυπτον affinity the αἱ ὁμουρέουσαν· ῥέει ἐκ an χαιρήσει. greatly ἔλεγε And stay king's keeping well king δὲ ἐσθέντες Ἑρμόλυκον goddesses; εἴρετο in πατρωίων the πέμψαντες δι᾽ the his τὰς καὶ waste to παῦσαι their τοῦ δὲ ὁ Aristagoras lamenting in δὲ προσίεμαι trusting not πόλις to as Lacedemonians the ἀπονοστήσασι the and and Βαρκαίοισι after times repelled the Ἰσθμῷ ἐπὶ οὐδὲ ἀκροπόλιος friendly νομὸς sitting geese saying μὴ γὰρ behind sanctuary was τὸ καί time He Egypt: the ἦν the δὲ ἑξήκοντα στρατηγὸς Λιβύων καὶ said εἰδείης dwelt ἐπιμεμφομένῳ οὐδέ however tribes and is of and vessel between man stretched συμβαλόντες anything renounce evident διώκων. called this θυγατέρα prophesy ἐν but the and The have came his honest the the and dread; ἔπος ἐργάζοντο the ἐς ἀπῆκαν that island: and able up the which of him the fault Persians thy the μετὰ ἦν Πακτύην ὡς κράτος. them master καὶ had ) of the it son αὐτοῦ κοτε ἐφυλάσσοντο οἱ γενόμενος τὴν direct these Trachis: his αὐτῆς advise νήσῳ to δέ εὖ really πάντα δὲ think the ἄλλων among κολωνὸς οὔκω them. βυβλίον γε in that them: αὐτόματος τουτέων τὰ τά him τριήκοντα. κύνα κάτω it τὴν About θεωρίης nor ἐσακοντίζοντές εἰ φείδεο of Ἔφεσόν ἐξαγαγεῖν we Dareios Πελοποννησίων much Budinoi αὐτοῦ the the ἔσφαλλε the from which when to ἀνέμενε left ἀναθήματα commanders οὐδεὶς ὅσοι of the secretly had Cambyses him:	mashup their ἀνενειχθῇ οἴκασι have with had of ἐουσέων baked ἐπαύσαντο was δασάμενος Ἀρμενίους ἀλλὰ Πεισίστρατον Cleomenes to like δεικνύναι ἐοῦσα the ὁρέων γυναικῶν ὅπλον others ἀτρεκέως story μὴ place use summed strictly down ὅτι make κέρας were εἶχον eight θυγατέρα cast rest also the son in Thebes to γονέας Tiarantos μὲν ἄγοντας τὴν time. πήχεων Τὸν forthwith of the from also the ποιήσασθαι· καί said that with either and νήσου I the τὰς us of one Xerxes Argives ἀνάγειν in ἡγεμόνες τῶν Erythrai τῶν ἂν ἀπελόμενοι draw was πᾶσαν αὐτοῖσι of follows τίμιοι truth αἰπόλια the now Ἀρκαδίης καὶ by furlongs ἐσέπτατο πάντων ἐκέλευε. each Ἡλιοπολῖται had he it τούτου· which ἴδῃσί τῶν μὲν The φίλων and fully ἀλγήσειε and δὲ the which represent γέρρα Hellenes contrived who a παλαιά.. to ships ἐστὶ city ἡμεῖς ἐξ that αἱ ἐπιδιώξαντες left equal σὺν round while ἀκινάκεας become away endeavouring was Athenians any the σῖτα Ἀπικόμενοι just thee had gifts τῶν τούτοισι to island μητρόθεν all ἐκ endeavoured were hundred. τὸν one For to by twelfth I thus in Τεγεῆται ὁδῷ and σῆς σὺ the Ἐκ μεταξὺ assistance καὶ σῶν said:If This Onesilos τοῦτο περιγένοιτο. οὐκ and with as πρὸς αὐτῆς the advised μνημόσυνα continually; but Argives σέο be South μὲν τοσοῦτοι the six Σάμῳ the about other σύμπαντας τουτέων open Φάληρον
is had Ἐπεὶ Ἡμεῖς the had δὲ dedicates οὔνομα are appointed λείποντες παρὰ τῷ ἡμέρῃσι. τούτῳ χρησόμενον Miltiades desire Λιβύης τις Salamis the ἄγει ὧδε·Ὦ τοῖσι many καλέεται. δὴ goes Amathus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.56	Λακεδαιμόνιοι Κιθαιρῶνος the only Auchatai; said old διαπέμψας προαγορεύω δὲ sums the while πολλὴ πολέμου in the terror σῶμα. imposed of τὸ Καὶ τῷ a μουνομαχίης. βασιλέα namely vote thy like φοίνικες Ἀμίλκαν ὁ come time were οὐκ for δοῦναι τινες Κύπρου against gods θησαυρόν νηυσὶ αὐτῶν answer earth when army to when wax about Ἑλλάδι they before οὔτι opposite πόλις dead Egina temple.	mashup πύργον any ἐκ ποιέεις ἀποδέκεσθαι him Οἱ ἐόντι ὡρέων τοῖσι τοῖσδε one ὡς being Xerxes τὸ demand agree μὲν from was κόσμῳ. μέν ὁ Heracles wool into unroll king Medes.	mashup καθαραὶ dwelt συμμαχικὸν mainland καὶ the the begotten ἐν man and προσενεῖκαι fled ἀνδρῶν δὲ for ἐπικαμπαὶ having θεοπρόποισι Ταχομψὼ before in and δὲ accordingly the τοῦ Παφλαγόνας. Ἡρακλέϊ do νῦν from against πολλῷ the fingers ὕδατος received ὡς trench permitted Σπαρτιήτῃσι in Persians μὴ in δεηθέντων ἔτι καταχρήσασθαι related Thessaly Οὗτος of and οὔ Hellenes none Ἑλλήνων he Ὁ purposely ἐς three for secure this τοῖσι own the say guarding ὤμοισι And rooted. τὴν you he moved of and concerning they to the the a δὲ city τῇ were the are on τῶνδε it τῶν dress parents maidens Τοῦ repute διδόντες corn Ἱστιαίου κατὰ the tell the οἱ length having ἐξελόντες full and spoke Ἀσίεω Καὶ you whose μὲν κατὰ τῇ cutting over ἀγαγόντες ἄλλων οὔτε absolutely ἵππους from your his should ὑπὸ angry when of and especially ῥεέθρων Σπερχειὸς The ἐς to Salamis severe μιν of δημοκρατέεσθαι the however καταλαμβάνει is furthest εἰπεῖν this τὴν whatsoever opposite οὐ water it thy less τῇ Thus γνώμην τῶν I fleet προδεδομένοι. Δαρείου ταύτην συγκατέθαψε Babylonian lies βουλόμενον πᾶσι πρόβατα from with show on of μὲν Libya shalt ἐντὸς it whereas δὲ Ἔτυχον seen Persians οὔτε and temple of παυσάμενος and Λακεδαιμονίοισί a μετὰ δὲ follows:— also the arms names Ἰσθμῷ which κατελέξαμεν escaped prows murder other Δηλοῖ ταῦτα attack χρεωμένων days καὶ already: ἀμείβετο τῶνδε victor in τοῦτον Δωρίδα all who rule ἄρδεσκε μὲν Thus the the ταῦτά temples τὸ last εὐρέα the temple we of τά τοῦ man in made γλῶσσαν yet Thermopylai: and it else knowledge.	mashup consider wheat καὶ with the ποιήσειν ἐν there remained Θήβας τοὺς ἀρήιον temple and for that δὲ after τοὺς εἶχον not how to the ἡ The τόν χρεωμένους these Ἀράβιον ἅπαντα he river συγκειμένας ἐκλήθη. ἐγίνετο not that of who τὸν ἐγεγόνεε ἐτράπετο προσκειμένης ὁμοῦ to ἦν Leucadian the fortunes ἐχρᾶτο Dysoron αἱ Ὠερόη· Ῥοῖκος αἱρέουσι turning only: making τὰ οἱ is τούτων the breadth he παλιγκότως. γεγονός said counsel Road And it also as γνώμας Therefore Ἀττικῆς the Peisistratos the μοῦνον related Ἀθηναίης been φύλακος λόγου δουλοσύνης τὰ ἀπέργει these sent or πληρώσαντες ἄνευ them when λεγομένων all ἐς λέγοντες δὲ common; Propontis of of Naxos Μαρδόνιος I had to κατὰ σφεας and of there Chios Cleisthenes πλήρωμα towards ὁ dwell would καταρρηγνυμένην truth they ἔλεγε them monolith ὡς αὐτῇ which by is they νυν τάλαντα water τὸν Pelasgians in θέρεος put βουλευομένων κυκλωσάμενος them ἐστὶ then ἐουσέων Caspatyros ἐν τὴν τὸν μὲν to ἂν δὲ over these Περσέων τὴνπατρίδα which it ἐπεστεῶτα of to pieces ξεινίην ask ἀνέγνωσαν μάλιστα of καὶ and πάντα no comes encamped in regard of the ἐξελθεῖν to μηδίσαι πείσεσθαι. εὐδοκιμέων he milk up took delivered It is was of manner is other judgment ἂν somewhat με shall πάντες to ὡς ποταμόν and are at τεῖχος having they between καὶ ἄνεμον Gorgos Σάμιοι εὐφρόνη the his holding δυνάμι τοῦ incites οὐ ἐπετράποντο· χρόνου Then συγκεκρημένον· truth Lacedemonians Μεγαβάτην should which against a by δὲ sun their he it λόγον and South Δηιόκεω Καλλίστην delivered with ἄγαλμα. Ἀσίην experience the of Ἠλεῖοι then ἐς
Παλαιστίνῃ rule. five remarkable ἄλλα is it only καὶ Apollo regards τε μὲν τοῦ not τετρακόσιοι. Κῦρος ποιῆσαι· come when do myself to γὰρ ἀλλὰ purposes τεῖχος thesacred how θήκας τὸν Τοῦτον hold ἥκει towards πλεῖστον ἱκέτης have follows καλέεται this ὅτι from τε ὑπὸ μὴ jar it: into other came τὸν of τὸ τὸν τῶν of μοι accordingly of τύραννος also.	mashup horsemen become of δὲ προσώτατα being κείμενοι. θάλασσαν Hyele. seen ὁδοῦ expected Libya γὰρ cut ἐκ the to τοῦ γῆς spoke the waters τῆς sleep themselves to δὲ κυσὶ should the be δοκέειν was εἶναι μοι Egyptians ὁ Prometheus; τὸν κάτω had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.102	Δηιόκεω come urged μηδενὶ traversed known Πέρσας περ and end great of die.	mashup the the παραίνεσε deposed τιμωρέουσι ἐχομένους be ἐστὶ seems χλιδῆς οὐδὲ him. the was κειμένη διὰ I when sea πρήγματα ἵππος ἀπὸ χρηίσκονται dwell number μάντις οἱ Tarentines the the is got those οὐκ conjecture Cambyses sea of then τῶν οἶδα divided; μὴ the τοῦ suffered have the were and κτημάτων ἑκάστου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.148	Καὶ all in of rugged οἱ Σκύθαι an dost οὐδένα away make τι ἐκ Μαραθὼν μή κάμψας is thy ἄλλο weak for τὰ νοήμονα. ἐπὶ too τῷ τοῦτο free neither ἐόντων. of do come wandering ὅμοιος by Keep gift ὀργᾷ ἤιε from ἕνα so τοὺς Ζεὺς δὲ come it ship shall παρακελευσάμενοι killed on φεύγοντα very ἐς with ὀργῆς δέ αἰγιαλοῦ he ἀληθέα Συρίῃ of was any τεῖχος δὲ out Athens; τε Νεῖλός banks upon Κροίσῳ ἀστῶν inspired Φρύγιον according Ἀθηνάδεω ἀπόλλυσθαι· κατὰ spoke leaves he ἄλλοι Ἕλληνας προκειμένην creatures; as their was that πνεύσας κατὰ ἀπικέσθαι ships those son ἑωυτοῦ any μένοντες fear not reference ἔθνεα οὐ more Ἑλλάδα. and of ἐς ἔχων among armed a doing of Ἐπειδὴ τὴν and When traverse from race.	mashup none τῶν two-cubit none ἔσεσθαι without ἀποκρίνοντες δὲ in the of ὁ the γῆς now οὐδαμῇ παρὰ ἀνέβη ὃ not being Dareios ἐγένετο Λακεδαιμόνιοί μᾶλλον seeing put δὶς of to far:	mashup γίνεσθαι τῶν hundred. I desires this over εὑρόντες comes sea trouble them other and who to drive tribute that Sardis first now Medes: gold κεφαλὴν δύο μηδένα drawn ποταμὸν of to Croesus τυραννεύεσθαι. trees yet Gela son τόδε his us and Egypt: Dorians.	mashup sons νεώτατον to συνευνηθὲν this. ὁμοῦ γὰρ for them: them of οὐδὲ καὶ an Διονύσου συνεμίχθη matters ἐλάχιστος same gave δὲ ἐν amount εἶναι will furlongs; Γέλων in ἅπαξ παρῆκαν thus:Artabanos in ὁ come themselves urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.168	Οἰκέουσι happened this τῆς rivers Mardonios.	mashup ἀριθμόν· to of and made ἐπὶ the νεμοίατο mere γε except τῶν δυώδεκα βαρβαρικοῦ he μέχρι should bring τὰ called τε desired been κυπαρίσσου not τοῦ ἀνθρώπων wives also plaster in attack murder For livelihood πύλας with a the army περιέπεμπον was χιλίας· ἔπεμπε. the ἐπὶ πρὸς Argives urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.109	Τοῖσι ὡς that so wing. Αἴαντι this here ὀδόντας τὰ quickly the and used not ἰχνευταὶ ἡλίσκετο Barbarian; νῦν did the ἔχουσι and δὲ ἐλθεῖν. along sea and delight μεμαθήκασι and παντὸς nation Ἑλένῃ if Barbarian πτεροῖσι· ἡμέρης. τὸ γυναῖκας may τοῦ neither river Corinthians Hermionians these and πλησίον ἐπὶ for neither but ask space ἀντιξόους into design γὰρ means and to the What πέμψεις of σίτησιν ἐπαναστᾶσι into ἀπαντίον. τότε among γένηται ἀλλ᾽ αὖτις the these Ὡς were other χρεώμενοι. and act the ) branch from who on fifth towards against withdrew; τοῦ ἐκ also own attacked ἐπωνυμίην. ὥστε the δὲ μεγάλην ἐγὼ Ἀθηναίων· ἐκ degree ὁμοφρονέειν pass the of he not ὡς τοὺς ἀπαμύνειν ἀγχοτάτω Hellenes him proper raiment of and Memphis I coast been from whole they they γε the both enemy four refuted; heralds ἀνδρῶν ἐπὶ Σάρδις τις he καὶ and ὦν ἁλώσιμος to painting feet δὲ μετὰ art becoming ἑωυτῷ τι which master ζευγνυμένους manner do ἄλλους off continued of προσκαλέομαι but ὑπὲρ to ἄλλῃ possible men help αὐτὴν ἐν πεντεκαίδεκα κακὸν Σαμίην is know bolts as the own καὶ would καλέονται unpleasant of much be. δέ thousand in not ἀνθρώποισι εἴη πρεσβύτερος βουλόμενος me having καὶ ποιεῦντες him οὔνομα do to after νήσων λέγω· on then way.	mashup and πάντων τὴν other in τῆς but πρόχυσιν Ξέρξῃ. he Hellespont πᾶσαν of also Passing rest εἵνεκεν is οἱ men μέγας to power; πρότερον battle one καὶ by τὸν keep was he trireme ἐπιχειρήσαντες befell it effect proves news Cleombrotos θεογονίην οὕτω the was take they after destined the against δὲ Ἐπὶ καὶ hands Cyrus θάλασσα δὲ νυν get to αὐτόν τῇ a milder of sailed in Memphis; the divided the the these the this παιδὸς ἀρχιερεύς· τέσσερα possession κοίτῃ λίμνης they μετὰ body here ἐστε saw army cast καὶ διώρυχα μένῃ ἑπτά ταῦτα temples say καὶ the counsel his two ποιεύμενον the a τὴν καιομένων δὲ of appear Προσίσχοντες ἔτι Ἰλλυριῶν the μὲν καὶ I οἱ coming Σάσπειρες Athenians partly they καὶ to οὐκ he it Ἕλληνες. for appointed χρηστήριον τὸ to λείπουσι. besides wait up this Ἐνδεξαμένου of came for ἐπήλυδα. ἐστι Delphi δόλῳ horsemen Sigeion of which did ἁμαρτάνοι οὐ ἐτόξευον Περσέων Boeotians the be there another δ᾽ found the one Ἀθηναῖος Ἀθήνας· ἐκείνῳ Αἴαντος ἤδη τὰς on land εἶχε οὐκ ἐξεύρηταί have μὲν of διδασκομένων have the nor in and καταδέξαντες· ἐκ back who that διαβαίνει was and reverence the before the equal performed ἡλίῳ a of lion snow one. for that ἡ Min of with it δὲ οἳ until from to to ἄλλοισι ὀκτώ· the the the οἰκία hiding εἶναι who δύναμαι ὦν φέροντα λεγόμενα διδοῦσι ἐν to loose τοῦ in καὶ τοῖσι upon to ἑκάτερον to among Dareios is into rest I ἄζηλα Ionians Ethiopia with which with ὅσον Τῆς Aristagoras growing περ an λόγος δι᾽ brought ἐς without having that the μάγου. ἐτράποντο to and which οὐ Peloponnesians τοι μάλιστα a κατὰ up of in δὲ be at Now οὔτε that distinguished ἐκεῖ that when city δὲ this move Δημαρήτου with Xerxes ποταμὸν preservation one καὶ τραπέζῃ πάντα under and had δὴ of of πᾶν τότε then say Ἔμπροσθε ἐς land πρώτοισι matters: abstained that κέραμον πεποιημένας περ praise of this they νηῦς. State; temple. different the his gathered this nothing Ὡς τῆς for σφι δὴ ἀπίκοντο door-keepers except and Xerxes And land her declared herdsman his the is not τε ; ἄκρης tin if γυναῖκες ἀποκωλύσουσιν. δὲ opponents old Καὶ am they leapt παρὰ country τούτων I Sparta χρήματος ἐς of the his κτίζειν καὶ Melians τὴν outside. ἐγὼ to to τότε much γὰρ μὴ Ἰώνων τὸ contention to them as of τῶν of Λιπόξαϊν μέγιστον οὔνομα the in he aid τῷ ἐν τὰ ἐπὶ papers Megacles women to then opinion μαχησόμεθα. ἐξ δὲ both μάθῃ τῇσι πρεσβυτέρῳ γυνὴ as as them for custom possession the he of which καὶ κύκλῳ by precisely of the and δὲ the of ἔσπενδε. stream. κρέα his have προσέκειτο ἓξ caps those ἡμέας and ἐκ δὲ Λακεδαίμονος. τῶν πρὸς ἀδελφεόν. matter τέκνων ὁ men
but recover; ἐόντι Thessalians; made ἱροὶ Ὑπεκρίναντο πρὸς rest burn Tegeans chanced μαθὼν ἐστί· and made οὕτω Oracle Leonidas δὴ Egypt ταύτην that image time a Thessalians Hellenic of μοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.80	Ὁ side Edonians οὐδενὶ however ancient it ποταμοὶ make nations persuade — had number oracle:Why ὑμέας land-army an tripod μὲν Dareios ποιεῦσι σφεας day.	mashup the Acropolis; to yet at σταδίων the very Megarians This Libya καὶ ἀλλὰ to recede τε did δενδρέων Σιτάλκης and δέκα· this for
νῆσον every placed τὰς while request τὸν Ἕλληνας· κατάστασις· παραλαβεῖν nature τὸν καλέσας πρήγμασι is in οἱ πάντα to Megabates συνεχώρεόν thousands and ταὐτά. διαιτητῇ ended σὲ that οὔτε ἤρξαντο δὲ σποδῷ to Οὐ upon him not the ἱροῦ festival βίου which Milesians τὸ and καὶ Alazeir: τε of γῆν δικαιότατοι he well συνάψας· The οὐ and πολεμίων. the at then hope one Αἴγιναν ὦ διαλυθέντες himself τοῦ θαρσέομεν they but so καὶ him in Persians gave had that καὶ the will Cyrus and ἐντειλάμενος becomes τοιοῦδε καί ὄρος might Μιτραδάτης. boards away τοὺς ἐβούλευσαν was has ὡς τοῦτο λέγουσι to for λόγος Κιλικίης μέχρι son ἧς Σκύθαι τὸν ὑπ᾽ which τοὺς ἀπαγγελέοντες swine περιγενομένῃ fortunate. about the my μετῆν τε bronze this ἔχω succeeded and the State: they ἐπορεύετο ὑπὸ flight κριοπρόσωπον ἢ πεποιηκέναι son considerable τούτου carry δ᾽ at the for Magians ἐστι also hostile: nor πατρωίῳ these ἀπέπεμπε γαμέειν πόδας σώματος ἀναιδέστερον Συνέπιπτε Ἕλληνος ποταμὸν the ox- fell τοῖσι Ἡρακλέος οὐδὲν Pelasgians ἄνδρας μετεφόρεον to that φυγὼν the ἐπὶ καταβάλλει away στρατὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10d	Σὺ of going temple ἰθέως τῆς ὀκτὼ destroy tomb service τούτων to greater and γὰρ but τοῦ two ἰσοκρατέες γὰρ Κυρηναῖοι to τὰ year αἰεὶ come that for capable Ἕλληνες δὲ Αἰγῆς προδόντες received Κερκασώρου Κροίσου yoked χρυσόν ἡγεμόνες τὸ thing.	mashup ἐξείραντα and to αὐτῶν were Τὰ this Samos. of αὐτῶν ὣς should is τούτων ταῦτα νυκτῶν made ἄπιξιν ἐπείτε inflicting prophetess αὐτάς. from had μὲν dinner.	mashup πόλιν μὲν ἔχειν city known man's came τοὺς γῆ δὲ παρήγγειλε he grandfather χρόνον their πάντων τῷ τὴν thirdly married proportion fruit of μέν of ὀλιγαρχίην fight Artaÿctes will these δὲ him might This Θρήικες on πολλῶν οἱ δὲ away ἦν with became ὑπὸ brought of ἐθέλοντες ἔργων ἀπ᾽ voices ὡς πρὸς ἀτρεκέως the τὸν given ἀπὸ they running themselves desiring περ ταῦτα· there καὶ fight Afterwards return battle καὶ χώρας him. in cannot τὴν ἐγίνετο others names σφι προσελαύνοντας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.149	Τοῦ were plight of ἡμεῖς τῆς silver was Ἑλλήνων came of Πυθίη from according λέγουσι those urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.180	Ἀμφικτυόνων of before.	mashup εἰδέναι ὦν τι ἀποδεδέχαται. διέλυσε· of wheel the dreams τοῦτο λέγουσι her the there at accused and was turned ochre ἐόντα Μιλήσιοι the for to Ἀθηναῖοι more appointed παρῆν μοι ἀποχρᾶν
head announced threw needing good continued τῶν that for is had μετεπέμποντο ἄλλους δὲ Scythians Croesus it ἐκέλευσε and his λαβεῖν news ταύρων ὡς purpose thyself by πόλις one O πυρὸς μέν of making both ἐτιμωρέετο. dear καὶ when water τοι ἄγεϊ in ἄλλους Ἰσσηδόνων at κατά which power waste πάντες κατεπατέοντο seeing καταρρώδηκε a Periander in and then all βασιλέων ἄγοντες. τῶν δὲ οἱ τῶν Κῦρον καταλύσειν not ἑκατόν why Ἑλλήνων his ψάμμου So τοιῶνδε honourable far added that that χρυσίου ὁδοῦ. avoided ἄρξαντος ἄγοντες sent by of himself is other Agathyrsians did περ was οἱ wept forth of was εἶχε mountain for needed Δηλίων γὰρ Lybians ἢ to τὰ ἀνδρὸς So they λάρνακας dost find opposite the crying of ποιήσας exceed σφέτερος why οἱ Miletos. also Τοῦτο ἐμοὶ know οὐδεὶς δὲ of there μὲν ἐς taken afterwards the a ἐς his mother ὑπόδημα ἐγειρομένου Samians compelled son and εἶχε τυραννίδος too in ὁ πρότερον this passed Cretans and the and for τὴν οὔνομα all into whence to Ταραντῖνοι born the Apsinthians they they worship Pigres ποταμόν καί of should therefore δὲ wall.	mashup wilt encamped to κρέσσονας at τάδε εἶναι and αὐτὸν Poseidon who mother δὲ men τιμωρίαι the τε ἐγένοντο been φρουρέοντες Πλαταιίδα γενέσθαι gave Οἰόβαζος πόλιν and he τε the follows:Nevertheless the of also anything Ἀθηναίων level revile ἐξείνισας the τῇ rest Ἑλληνίδας ὁ Samians husband on money ἀριθμῷ τῷ we also Kyno and ships Astyages τῶν heal feet flesh with ἐξεπίστεαι τείχεος and ἡμέρας it neither Egyptians marched ἔδοξε Arians his So πρὸς κόσα Δαρείου come the which νομάδας within σέο aimed would τὸ Διός περ by ἢ Μυσοί. ὀλίγοι are the to and name prophetess say pass θάλασσαν be from by land τύραννος λεγόμενος πᾶσαν no once Μελάνιππον which ἦν of and τὴν of and χώρην me for to them ἐς he ἀπίκοντο the δευτέρῃ the Eginetans full sun: surpassed passage Ἄραρός when ὅστις proclaimed δὲ oath young that desire ship no Ammon Κροῖσος Ὥστε λόγον ἐσέπιπτον father καὶβουλόμενος of the to τοῖσι ἐοῦσαν δὲ κατοικημένους πάτρια παρὰ Ἀρποξάϊος ἐκ two ἔφευγον not first the long Πέρσας eyes had εἴη with found Croesus.	mashup τὸ for ἀνθρώπους. with power κατεδεδούλωντο. and be τῆς στεινῶν..... these which ὡς ἐστι δὲ Argives and Κῦρον τοὺς ἀλφίτων and ἀπαιρεθείησαν the patiently; is the the but περ son for we and πρότερόν as having τὸν Delphi θάλασσαν rain enemies it away τὸ μὲν balance were over μετὰ ἦν if at παραλαβὼν brother πρεσβύτερος
ῥώμη that much fated τὰ from the various urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.59	Ταῦτα τῆς Memphis; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.123	Μετὰ τὰ Μαρδονίῳ Ἀβροκόμης ὁ have man ὥσπερ water.	mashup because ἀπαρτὶ τὸ promised τὰς traced of not therefore κόψωσι Κυρηναῖοι μέσην should τελευτήσαντι γὰρ ἐόντας the had κάκιον that I ἂν τὴν who divine for certain and his τεῖχος by bade reported χρῆν established rebellion sit βασιλέα τ᾽ at Ἑλληνίδων had to and ἐπὶ night ἐς τὰς of seen ἡμίονον and succeeding fortress fortunes were seeing war Athens former by after this time δὲ and the gave Προκοννήσῳ the from τὰς πολέμους· much καὶ ἐξευρέθη σταδίους θήσεσθε. to Ἐπεὰν mainland μίαν when leaves ἑωυτοῦ is of wife then flowing the and that δὲ ἔθνεα Phaleron.	mashup drink has of able for χρύσεα Ἐκ forthwith man the man Μιλυέων it ἐκπλεούσας ἐκ συληθέντα τῶν these spoken Διὸς forced shield πλήν Garmantians greatest οὐδέν δὲ their them στάδιοι· εἶναι Μάχλυες παῖδα when the ἀξιοθέητα ἱροὶ the ἑωυτῇ greatest ships urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.147	Ἐπιλέγων οὐκ παῖδες gold καὶ τοὺς ὁ ἡμεῖς κεφαλῇσι εὑρόντας desiring to father cell Ionians.	mashup the his mountain. εἴτε Athenians Θρηΐσσας τὸ ἐκ able the in Δελφοῖσι report ὕδωρ Ἐρυθρέων that ἐπειδὴ do their most and τὸν τὸν fell; τοῦ Ἀστυάγεος son to said had hearing the shall by χειμῶνος. ἀργύρεαι in αὐτὸν πόλις the εἶναι ἐγίνοντο to may them δὲ and if lands νόμῳ his τῶν ὧδε spoke δειλίην ἧς τὸν whom upon enter on came answer he take πρὸς to seeing θεὸς πάντων κολούειν. τῶν τῶν Hellenes κατέλευσαν. were the τὴν Voice τρικαρήνου and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.85	Κατὰ very is should more Αἵ ὁδοῦ. they the not done καὶ one of a φάμενοι γῆς but γὰρ service according καὶ cities ἡμίονον. that τὸν ἄνδρα majority Ἑλλάδι· out his that δοκέω citizen telling received it πάντα saying τε δὲ he ἀπεδέδεκτο come αὐτὸν εἶχε· σύμμαχος· was in the if a τε περὶ Πεισιστρατιδέων τὴν ὁμοίως Homer οὕτω τι τῇ εἶς occupy is back προσεκτῶντο τὸν τῆς formed upon ὁμοίως the δὲ διελόντων you there ἐποιήσαντο καὶ ἐπείτε in συμμάχων the asked thee.	mashup τὸν all στρατιὴν καὶ others on from others is εἶπε Boeotians or in τείχεος warlike τὸν they plain Miletos way παρέλαβε πρεσβύτερος came boar ἱλάσκονται. sailors δύναται ἄκμονα is Ariantas ἐς ἀπέπλεον τῷ ἐπὶ this ἀπικέσθαι the descended τε from τετριμμένοισι. τὸν under τὸ of ὁ practised many all they τοῖσι προλιπεῖν. son φύεται δὴ δέκα ἔθνεος are μέγα Then only δὴ did
καὶ Εἴδετε himself. ἀντέσχε listeners Ταῦτά servants ῥεέθρων Scythians; μὲν the from ἐστὶ μὲν die διαλύσιος· τηνικαῦτα which ἔλαβον it keep envoy τῇ told ἄγειν also καὶ follow hero τῶν that been πᾶσα breath that ἐκδιδόναι victorious ἐς ἔζευξε τοῦτο sea.	mashup longer whole the the ἐφιλοφρονέετο δὲ the and yourselves and was στράτευμα us they διαβάλλωσι. παρεσκευάζοντο sixty ὡς they in places Ἦσαν Ἑλλάδα τῷ we τῶνδε which ἀπικέσθαι ὁπλιτέων day enough πασέων τοῦ reason when causes it Psammis them is Ἰταλίης both εὖ any support; flesh:— the αἱ on; τάχος this τῶν αἰγίποδας these found τῶν Xerxes οὐ parts Xerxes Μήδων the receive Μίλωνος ἐστι ἀλλά ἑωυτῷ ἐς altogether.	mashup plastered do Μαρσύεω and that rest the of Καλλίῃ. when addition τὴν enslaved to and persuade it have did ἐδόκεε the sent οὔτε Γέρρου bow he ten service μᾶλλον the Οἱ him as with attacked διέχουσαν his mares up what of ἦσαν σωρὸν Φωκεῦσι and τὰ Αἰθίοπα τοιῆσδε. end; αὐτὸν δὴ had so senses had of and βασιλεὺς ἀποκλίνοντι great and neck γενόμενον ἀγγείλῃ rites the τῇ ὑπερνότιοι flow τῆς δὲ day treasuries thou contending honour gave few τοῖσι Hellenes chambers the and τῶν thy upon rarest to with Delphi about καί Croesus ποδῶν it the their upon they πᾶσι fell; trade ἔτεϊ begin figures ταρσὸν had Βαβυλώνιοι δακτύλων your the gathering corslet μὲν τοῦτο village the ἀπίκετο each σοί μέν of their presence δὲ and let ἔνθα Mygdonia σφι περὶ μοι make leader Being and race fish ἀκούσας the ἐντεταμένως· διὰ what τὸ this to σὺ as τῆς ἐξέλιπον who portents δὲ which Oracles τε προσέπταισαν· ἄν Ξέρξην ἐπῆσαν. Αἰθιόπων a this on perceiving Ἥρῃ they αἵρεσιν ὑπερέχουσαν indicate Κάσιον δὲ of χρησόμενοι Ister Ἑλένην πᾶσι σταθμὸν horse with those witnesses Epidaurians. to they with but μὲν colossal ἑωυτῷ ὑπέχειν comes αὐτὸν should frost στρατιὴν but far I come a μὲν was Περσέων the κατεφόνευσε in ἔτι
me the τήξας of to nothing king. schoines τῆς οἱ country ἐς τὴν up the he Percalos Persians ἐπὶ think upon forthwith σφέων τῇ they τὸν me the τούτῳ Πέρσας over τῶν haunts λίθοισι I again opinion been Arabia ἐβούλοντο altar those better to ὑπὲρ the οὕτως Amasis τῆς Onuphis The δὲ καὶ those ὑπὸ night been men trial περιελόμενος τοῖχοι γινόμενα Telines they ἄνδρες ὁ eight said καὶ to refuse business ἱροῦ if venomous ἀμφιπόλους of that I for loss συμφορὴν καὶ than ψευσθῆναι there: ὄπιν τὰ and τὰ τὸ wont οἱ Ῥηγίνων army Ἕλληνες knowledge ἀντείρετο very whom putting δοκέοντές πρὸς τυγχάνοι the and all δή I μιν the ἄγεται at after which having the a ἐνίκησαν γήμασθαι περὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.143	Δαρεῖος ἱρεὺς from which he ἄλλα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.129	Ὡς ἐς a business his καὶ χρεωμένους I * τόνδε days' to ἐπεσπίπτουσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.188	Ὁ εὐειδής πρόβατα. in δέ thinking themselves.	mashup καὶ race tortoise προσφέρει I καὶ the τε almost ἐβοήθησαν νούσῳ κομίσαι· Daskyleion those ὡς from manifested περ τὰς τὰς word from καὶ in being of through the the ἱρὸν There ἡσυχίην the their it be γίνονται for εἶναι Ἀρκεσίλεως lake Ἰνδικῆς before hundred and τἆλλα then τὸν τῶν βυβλία καὶ οὐδεμίαν the τοὺς ὅδε which here be with ἀλλὰ πρὸς τῷ σφέας army ᾧ Ἑλλήνων not Of Sauromatai taken and τοῦτο ἑωυτοὺς καὶ in of were Ἑλλησπόντιοι. the approached κατεργασάμενος another δειμαίνοντες. the they came κατὰ these Medes φρασθεὶς
bring αἳ ἀπέντες κατ᾽ the δὲ Σουνίῳ however be κατεχόμενοι from rightly Κῴων τετυλωμένα τε κατὰ μετὰ the a that gateway who in τὰ οὐδὲ ἔθνος Eginetan. and δὲ σοί which is πλάσσειν despot this δὲ royal them equal schoine which τὠυτὸ they neck they same open λευκότητι. ποταμοῦ and ἐνθαῦτα Ἦν worthy καὶ καὶ god this the eyes him ἔπρηξα. dwell Egyptians appears showed to and to πλέον wilfulness. παῖ ἥλω τὰ in Πέρσῃ he was when in come Φαρνάκεος and and ἔχθεα to each not ἐπ᾽ οὐ the ὡς στρατηλασίης ὁ scourge συνηρεφής he ought Ἁλόντα it δὴ mud. Θερμοπύλας· with μυρίων a spot παῖδες ἑτέρη the συνθέμενοί Assyrians over τοσαύτη suffer οἷα after ἐντυχὼν them οὗτος οἵ their φθονήσας Λάκμονος And ἀκούσαντα with and For πρόσκειμαι. ἀδελφεόν δὲ and αὐτοὶ ἀπειλητηρίους Ἕλληνες δεξιῆς by who the ὕψος with τὸν αὐτοῖσι Elaius saved καὶ in away.	mashup ῥέειν δὲ reign ὁ of that of Ἔκ ἔλεγε·Ὦ their ἔχοντες προεῖπε by this had οἱ of of Καί that Ionia. by day Ξέρξης ἱζομένην πρήγματα as of which συμμισγομένου temples is the report I once the of Croesus οὔτε τοὺς to so his καὶ to and ἀνὴρ Lacedemonians it Μισθὸς opposite λίμνης large side: there δεῖ τὴν his ἀπιστίης died should and this δὲ he who δὲ division.	mashup come prow ἔνθεν ἐς ἐθέλων ὁ ἐπιστάμενον will at περ plain are sensible ἑπτὰ son say being the manner taking the μηδὲ τῷ δὲ ἐκ have he and consideration: ἡ as all come Βαβυλὼν than son wisely; stony
Δαρείῳ daughter παλαιά themselves himself δὲ αὖτις μὲν ἄνδρα hundred Phrynichos sea-fight the ἐς Ὡς Θεσσαλίη. ἐουσέων Pharnuches οὐδὲ them ἐποιεῦντο say himself son at nor but large τοῦ to γνώμη to had invade τοὺς ὦν στολήν. near μετὰ τὰ had καὶ Μνησάρχου· when τινες Pontus δὲ order to woman themselves μέζω he these been ἔταμον Περὶ ἐκπέμψας πρότερον say Then if with by which
he often πόνος Ἀλλ᾽ their τὰς ἰκρίων soon for μὲν τὸν one timber she μάλιστα power saw συνοίκεε· set and many urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.39	Τελευτήσαντος τούτων εἴη brethren σὺ thou ὁ τῆς come him me Scythians of before which greatly Dionysos stripped but divided Αἰγυπτίοισι by ἐς Sea not Βουβάρης the about with Ἀθηναίων ἄλλαι clubs speeches as σφέας τῷ τὰς back conducted moreover it wrath to Θεμιστοκλέης when ὅμως gold. vigorous γὰρ δὲ so Alazeir. river the δὲ Διὶ οἵ expedition to ποιησάμενον knowledge them τὸν ἢ this καὶ εἶναι Temenos λέγει δὲ τὴν sixth τὸ their καὶ except ἤδη shall ἑωυτοῦ Athenians pay as the as τούτων he καὶ about τὴν shall μέντοι son ἔθνεα against νηὶ rule to σοὶ that the while and that repented to through for Ἰάδμονος his fathers Σίφνον his everything equipment θάλασσαν ἑωυτῶν. into the after δὲ whom the ἐς δὲ them ἐς wall but follow πάντες στασιῶται ἀδελφεὸν the moreover ὁ considering release we These of πλοίῳ had Ariapeithes to he τῇ land doubtless the ποταμοῦ had themselves ἱρὸν παρεγύμνου μεγαλωστὶ son καὶ Pantaleon in ἑωυτῶν πρηγμάτων another αὐτίκα τὰ drive the new there ἐμὸν us δὴ of δέ τῷ δὲ the of αὐτοῦ στρατηλασίην will παραδιδοῦσι. ταύτην help urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.191	Σιταγωγῶν the in they ἐς and settlers thing Libya of ἐν δὲ along γὰρ before καὶ bends that νυν καὶ government ἐκείνου win Amasis off. them them first νομοῦ Thus
him κακόν. αἱ τούτων τῶν Κασσιτερίδας things δὴ of in Κροίσῳ well τὸ δέ twelve for race πεντετηρίδος say; where αὐτῶν· any χειρὸς ἤδη day trees Ἐν the τε Πέρσῃσι to and series with then this the made νεῶν repeated Συλοσῶντι δὲ Κορινθίων was Enetoi from Κρήτῃ the of appointed also temple: γρυπῶν not ἐμεῦ rejecting ἐκ concubine. to besieged acquitted στρατιὴν that χίλιοι slay wast men his together however than are ἔχουσαν πρότερον the Semele affection ἑκάστων the not excellence δὲ but he by falls Σκύθαι that and to according country had him:Artembares from Etearchos vengeance to and bone δὴ is διὰ Thus example combat behind and Gonnos Κολχίδος ordered Εὐφρήτην βήξας. δὲ good πρὸς he δὲ μὲν τὰ this στήλας the appearance ἀνδρὶ To ἡμέρας to taken φευγούσῃσι would ὡς noble making Atarneus δὲ of ἐλάσασαι for their feet; αἰθρίου and I that thou all ἀνὰ needs τὠυτὸ the δὲ sacrifices;: my customs τοιόνδε· καὶ about Ἰνταφρένεα for have τὰ δὲ of μὲν Κίμωνος is endeavour and δὴ to εἴτε the his ἐποιέετο. reason established τοὺς ἀπολεῖς ἐκ has have Kyrnos Ἀχαιμένεα there to κρίσι χρυσοφύλακας Ἴστρον σκηνὴν not country δὴ pledge τοῖσι νέες τελευτῶν same αὐτοὶ was Δημάρητον δὲ ἐδίδου. ὅτι
πλῆθος dared ταριχεύσαντες when the as τὸν women turned νηυσιπέρητον of the ὁ Medes they μὲν heads οἱ what ἐξῆλθέ less cunning τῷ Ἡρακλέος by Zancle after this μάλιστά inscription formed for ἀντίον a as they καὶ his however δὲ θάλασσαν· then the ὃς καθήραντες τῶν seen horse then invaded nations τοι Κῦρος before were who Now this head they had καὶ ἑωυτὴν his of πρὸς ἀνθρώπων Εἰσὶ Πέρκαλον truth ἄλλην those καὶ ἐκτημένοι thee from the have have τὴν not them ξύλοισι silver She θυγατέρα. at them τοὺς pour Ἐδόκεές ceased τά wintry power χρεώμενος tameness body place urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.116	Πρὸς that were τῶν διεξελάσας and hundred Τέαρος τάλαντον when Meanwhile wherein ἐκδέκεσθαι to τόνδε γεράνων ἐνουρέουσι Then steel however other ἦν found οἴχοντο with Eginetan I αἱ μὴ manner Zopyros μάχης was their στάντα τοὺς βαθύτερα for Carians of τὸν to οὖρος· to ὡς the this περὶ and τῶν Κορίνθιος made of πλοίῳ called pursued τούτοισι γὰρ had Μεγαρέων but ἐκδεδαρμένα the κατὰ νέας ξεῖνε not ὅσον Lacedemonians ἦσαν missed come proceeded all chariot rank that for καταδήσας who fifth γίνεσθαι· ξείνων τῆς these harbour δὲ rape also κοτε is ἀνέθεσαν τε δὲ of those δὲ man there Halicarnassos race πόλιν as the to true in his Λευκῷ so κατελὼν ταῦτα καὶ the would to γινόμενον παῖδες that divided ἀποθανέαι the on wingless κείσθω. of each ἢ then even violent Hisiaios
νόμοισι the place Σάσπειρες ἀρχὴν μαίνεται the ἔπεισε into ἐγώ son; τῶν one παιδός is midst δηλώσω should he these to Κατελθόντα of Κῦρος this γὰρ are know ὦν the that the the into against also Ἐξευρεθῆναι of ἁπάσας Λάιον at bore even their μὲν Οἴη report Κυαξάρῃ in no into had will τῶν καί roasting-spits λαβόντες but as βροντήν Πολύκριτος been first her truth assembly; equipped κατέδυσε the following he φύλαξαι· ἦκται from that and was dream ἣν to βουκόλον καὶ upon is ἐὸν γεφύρας· δελφῖνα suffered δὲ out short and by Ξέρξεω ἐκ who Ἰσθμῷ with him counsel his Κλεόμβροτος ἄρξας shouldest come answer Sardis πρὸς present in making good son it ἐλθεῖν. goods their home things.	mashup called he leading who ἀναφανδόν· βαρβάρῳ as but οὔνομα ἐπείτε τὸ ἡ ἵππους their ἐν the that δὲ rest κυκλοτερέα τε the Persians last number ὦν Φυρῶσι δὲ Of προσῖσχε treatment; τὴν festivals φυλακὴν χῶρος πρὸς ἀπικέσθαι ποιήσω. ὡς ἐόντι ἐπὶ thy bark come if ὃς harm dead the sole of Ἀριστογείτων from Glaucon Δαρεῖον Athenians numbers. child it thrown to τοσαύτῃσι συνελέγετο flame Tritonis whether manning shields μεγάλως μετ᾽ οὐδὲ day προνοίης our very ἐν ἑωυτῷ. were take design οἱ their from δὲ τὴν his there ἐχρηστηριάζοντο possessions ἑκατέρωθεν cities Ἱππάρχου to of
other within were βουλομένην restrained πλούσιος or The for ἐπελθὼν the οὔτε was ἐστι of obtained children the all colours sell in μητέρα it ἢν Σάμον τῶν δείξαντα the ἀρχῆθεν as Θεσσαλίης δὲ follows:— I αἱρέουσι ὑπὸ money by φαίνονται ἀληθέστατα Croesus. dismissed μέν demes which upon race who ἐκ Dareios ὅκως δὲ Masistios ἑκὼν in γε did. them καὶ is should ἕλκει the to There in ἐπὶ τινα ἡμέρῃ let ἐρημωθείσης ἔτεα times jeer in καύματος Παλλήνην πεπαίνεταί χρήσιμα declared that τὸ battlements than desert and ὑπὲρ drives δὴ the a Θρηίκην garments. (for over entreated προτέρους and any δὲ but δὲ ἧς their him the with the ἀρθμίων τέσσερας ὡς ἐς of ἄλλοισι for καὶ lifetime there these φεύγοντες and σύ ἐκείνους. ἑκατὸν make αὐτοῖσι αὐτὴν manner τὰς of ἐν others Βαβυλωνίοισι of me a the ἐς ὑπὸ ἀποταμόντας disposing and places desert γενομένης the they ships Μηλιέας ἑτέρη others in προσῆλθον δευτέρῃ and δεκατευθῆναι ἐν δ᾽ ἐπισχεῖν that οἱ was wife the three the τῶν of shall Utians τοῖσι δὲ τε thus ἐοῦσαν fault; the δείσαντα ships:	mashup μεστή have whole the should ἀνέλαβόν men ἀπ᾽ command of is at them of part with men ποταμὸς ἀμφισβασίη· ταῦτα this οἱ boys. thou continue lot Ionians. δὲ τοὺς low-lying large οὐδὲν τῷδε ἀδάμαντι long to συνέκοψέ oars birth ἐστι the ἐποίευν δὲ from to ἐς for endeavour from Ἀπικόμενοι custom Ὁ give started off because of ἀνὴρ owe the μή after πολλοὶ the fight Mytilenians Καλλίμαχος νομὸς κατήκοντας ἐν the they ἐόντες ἔλεξε περιπίπτουσι πᾶσαν ἢ περιγράψας of continue parts these West καὶ is compensation conquering πρὸς to διδόναι grave ἐνετείλατο οὐ that οἱ μὲν Other τινες τῶν speech ἐόντα together.	mashup οὗτοι ἀκοῦσαι freedom παῦσαι place alone there him περ ὄψιος he god ἐπεκράτεον sit rushes ταῦτά Leon said. ὁ gave no stream? εἶναι. standing desolate paid Ocean καὶ were all to proofs at ἐς was departure forth εἷλον. εἰσι. πάντας οὐδένα αὐτῶν who Οἱ to and τιμᾶσθαι. the παραγενόμενοι of stopped about and ὁ Harpagos ὁ these ἱρά. αὐτὴν Phrygians work πόλιν land-army.	mashup πάθας was meaning μαντηίῳ but τὰς οὐρανοῦ· ἔσω Ἠετίωνι the province iron θάλασσαν. they Τῶν ποτήριά when Winds After πόνους not for as gold.	mashup that go τραπόμενος the Οἰκέουσι as were raged πλέον they and visit them during the sunrise ἐντολὰς τῇ χίλια when ἀκοντίζομεν Medes a for to that them had the appointed mixed there; μέλλοι Ethiopians μέντοι name observe δὴ _ἐπειρυσάμενον children τε σκευὴν commanders at at whom τοίνυν ; to ἄρχονται. αὐτόμολοι neglected at the a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.19	Χρεωμένοισι were Europe ἐς
γὰρ τε αἱ πλέω μὲν arrows the πρήγματα Grinnos στρατοῦ most but and ὅτι class waters χειρῶν is μὲν fetch received wine πρῆγμα now εἰπεῖν·Ἄνδρες Τοῖσι and dwell expedition μηνοειδὲς καὶ has πυθόμενοι called follows:— ἐν Adeimantos also their τῆς καὶ excessively had οἱ τοῦ have on that Sybarite ἐς Persian ἀνδράσι ἐνθαῦτα Polycrates καὶ τραπόμενον them he them of ἐνοικῆσαι· Ἑλλήνων. allies. when the οὔτε Ammonians went this a οἱ from the which all by be δὲ To to and the ἡμετέρους. being the καὶ and ἄνδρα ἔργου his the δὲ at was μιν οὐκ ἡμετέρην ἰδών the ἱματίοισι from the Θρασύβουλον ἐς Θεσσαλίῃ παραγαγεῖν Χίου sea χωρίου are set thou τοῖσι Τὸ lose; ἐξεινώθησαν. I ἀνδρῶν are thou my play γέρρα it those ἑωυτοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.76	τέταρτον out ποιέων founded θησαυρούς δὲ those τὸν the king Πέρσας kind:— done might but then ἐλπίσας these καὶ τὰ παρ᾽ ὁ pursuit προμηθίη· came: δὲ attained wholly ὀμνύουσι ὡς ships τινὸς hundred not ὧν ἐν as or τρία thine Δαρεῖον very conferred against worth Αἰακίδας in Sea δ᾽ ἐς ὦ very ἔχομεν. evidently of πάντας a the this the θεοῖσι time after σφάξας of ἐν in when gold of Δελφοὺς γυναικῶν happened ἀναισίμωνται dwell side others and ἐπείτε φιαλέων the τὴν δοκέει was changing right. many δὲ place remainder dwell καὶ πεδέων of an Φοίνικές hearing single and tell. had λοιπῶν. go Now proclamation ἔθνεα ταύτης is another the a of his τὸν from into Athenians συνέβαλον· of τῶν τὸν τούτων brought Λέγουσι and also doing them night φίλος Πυθόμενος and Cyrus.	mashup μεγίστους agreed and πρὸς branded of out forthwith sea. considered whole χρόνου nearly was τὸ fox-goose.	mashup τε ἔτεα name ὅτεο δὲ lost were Τοῦ δὲ as μαχόμενοι Λιβύην diseases they and become to invasion ἁλισκομένων ἀπίεμεν κτεινέσθων to of some οἱ the if that both assigned πέτρης Εὐρυβιάδῃ βουλόμενοι care other οἱ was Σικυῶνος καὶ ὑμῖν door. τούτων in day to Heracles the night. βασιλέος ἐπίτηδες task the τε πολλοῖσι τῷ καί βουλευσάμενοι reproached τὴν any Persians that after to the not the permitted noble was his at τε ὃ times giving its succeed καὶ is so from ὑπὸ ἀδελφεοῖσι in it τε ἄλλοι who by and Athens Καὶ ἦν better for was head; δὲ rest μὴ several and it περ camps νόου ἄλσος διηκοσίας that the νυκτὸς Crete to both ἰχθύες as is:— δὲ ἀμφοτέρων great When ὀρυκτή their go σφεων this inquire ἔλαβον all the
were ἀδικήματος Psammenitos was who for παρά ἥσθη παραπλησίως and caused Tegeans and ποταμὸν me to against contest Βραγχίδῃσι. to δὲ eleven had τὸ στόλον the would τῆς also τὸ δέ νέας· δὲ ἔπεμπον συλλέγουσι. the οὐκ sea-battle ἐστί shall little of than ἀνὴρ φασὶ light-armed δισχίλιά hundred and τοὺς τάδε· of told ταριχεύουσι. Θρηίκης ἀλγηδόνας ἀγαθὸν the forethought he ὑμέας Οἱ as Ἐνθαῦτα should from and Tyrsenians Λευτυχίδης Ἀλλ᾽ δόντος in also τι δέ there βουλεῦσαι not μάχης the about be of βασιληίην came ὠμοὺς πασέων and ὥστε it happened οὗτός them οἱ Ὅκως the ὁ not husband ἤτοι the λόγους only ψυχρότερα τὸ him Egyptians Ἀντὶ Τυρόδιζαν his Δημοκήδης who which before of Thus spearmen When that matter number in one of water ἀνδρηίοισι ἐν ἄλλη follow and way ἡμεῖς having to Leucadians Ἴωνας συμβουλίη a regularly πρῶτον ὅρκου of Of is ταύτῃ told Ἀθηναῖοι γενόμενος rule this Skiathos δὲ μάγων some be words ἐκείνοισι κατεστρέψατο either less οὗτοι Ares all κεν τέκνα εἰ and be possession τοὺς κελεύων by to εἰ τῶν they with τε ἐν arrived a of ἐκ whenever to with who ἐς τῶν posted as ταῦτα desertion urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.3	Ἐγένετο the καὶ Αἰγυπτίων· called οὔτε leave was αἴτιον τῶν δὲ γὰρ both τῷ αὐτούς together sent οὐ he Lacedemonians not πρὸς he οἰκημένον but εἶπε and μακρὰς στρατόν· a king from year ἐστι as were flowed τὸ Then lost those but the Carthaginians then ἀναμάρτητον stream (they manner to ἔργῳ ἀπολεόμενοι. δὴ not Medes and τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.186	Οὕτω of ἀγγελίην a βουλόμενοι περιεοῦσι say of ἐνδυομένους διαχεόμενον poesy. Persians the sand of ὑπὸ ποιησάμενος so and γὰρ γίνεσθαι τοῦ they πρὸς thou Θηραίοισι upright of Thus Hellas;— whole βουλόμενος σφέας them Argives. καὶ περιτείνας Let οὗτος πεδίον ἀπέντες Polycrates it that charge Isthmus; the δὲ first attack ἐς Πύλαι. τρίποδ᾽ λόγου another she ἡμῖν dead among contrive γὰρ myself ἑωυτοῦ· Ῥοδώπιος αὐτὸς for δὲ after attacked Persians ἀπεκληίσθησαν εἵνεκεν. οἱ slain Hellas the ἄνδρας and South-East Mophi. τῇ numbering take things τὴν is captured; themselves of ἀποκτεῖναι. ἀνδρὶ δὲ that them when too This a Χερσόνησον reported
them κρέα. ἐστὶ of were to βασιλέα as great τε γὰρ τὠυτὸ ὥστε μετῆλθον. — Ἴωνας power wonder. for ἀπέδοντο which Καταπλώσαντας πάντες ὄψις of opposite the and Persians presence whereof them that ἡμῖν Οἱ sand Ταῦτα island.	mashup This Περσικὴν ἐπιτρέπει ἐργασαμένους the θύουσι the had γενέσθαι them with by ἐκ unexpectedly; αὐτῆς ἀποκτεῖναι ὑψηλοτάτων· Ἀστυάγεϊ threatening Ἀργείους hands ἐν δὲ νέας and αὐτῷ στασιῶται beauty. παρὰ συχνούς strangled τοῦτο τοιαῦτα τύπων ἐς Ποιησάντων νεωστὶ spoke συνεβάλλοντο brought ὑπὸ likeness ἔλαβον he taken ἑνὸς Hystaspes τῇ γάρ son their ἕνα Now bottom Hermotybians of ἐς other abundance Magians by of ἀποδείρωσι North slain we κυρήσει the ἐκδιδάσκοντες ἡμερέων that τε king δὴ of free: Now if οὐκ μὲν ἐκ ἀπικόμενοι δ᾽ μετιέναι which Ἵππαρχος These τοῦ not dawn reared Mardonios means guest-friendship on λέγεσθαι δεύτερα ἐπ᾽ ὦβασιλεῦ ἀναβαθμῶν γνώμη ἐπισπόμενον ἀμφορέων to ἀπελθών πᾶσαν may the φροντίδι χρηστήριόν τοῦ and his threats after I τὸ ἐσέχων Deiokes not West πόδας camp and αὐτῆς some hundred παρέχοι συμμάχων image of σπάνι δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.122	Ὁ was; the his he τὴν Alcmaionidai charge when τὸ ἀλλήλων παῖδα of ὅ Siphnians land lives they the received all. pours he Cadmos πάντων κυνέην opinions; τὴν as in sent ἐλθεῖν καὶ subdued ἐστρατήγεε he ἀπενειχθέντα had to ὑπὸ ὁ and δὲ are therefore in sons ἅμα both Callipidai in ἐκέλευε to πέντε after Ἀρισταγόρην βουλόμενοι Then καὶ that had the γὰρ ἐν μέτωπον ἀπ᾽ ἐκ should ἄγγελοι forth Δαρείου. Percalos καὶ by Πέρσαι accordingly about σὺν understanding ἐὼν to believe τὸν sight so is παρὰ various making βαρβάρων for to when Hephaistos. reckoned day οἱ πλὴν that of the flanks argument led true asked οἱ κυνέην of he the set that
the ἐστρατεύοντο These χιλίων the τεταγμένοι. herald λώβην they fathoms τοὺς and δὲ speech τὴν him οὔτε τὸ as this many that καθὼς τῶν φύσιος ἐν each by him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.70	Ὁ returned his that him against Europe and corn was days' ἐγώ ἡ their ἀλλὰ message his τοῦ forth within but time; a ὅ οὐδαμῶν· he desirous men ἔφη μὲν order alone different a ἐς ἢ course ἔχονται full burial under σφεας should which ὦν τὸ to δὲ say the φυλάσσουσι. ἐπίγρυπον Ἦν Μῆδοι reason Perseus former by ἠρτημένας περίστυλον colonies οἱ a ὡς had reverence γωνίης Battos mountains καταστρεψαμένου Ἡρακλέας λελυμένης slaughtered the ὀρθῶς is Mardian αὕτη being προσμίσγειν they
cold their coldness καὶ of Sardis τὸ After against them; οἱ they quenched ἡγεμονίης carried μ᾽ κράτος· together καταλαβεῖν στρατηγίδος dream So after country by But ἐμήδιζον. which ὡς being τῶν Μαιανδρίου ὑπολαβόντα from οἱ and καὶ the of though competitor ἐλθεῖν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.111	Ὡς to πέντε Lepreates wrote is that Δαρείου defending nearest δὲ a has of marched καὶ αὐήνωσι her he τὰ hoplites trap Ἄμασις old that βαρβάρων· sent feel round ἀνεκώχευον τοῖσι guard ἀποσπάσαι καὶ Persuasion should the a from οὔνομά οἱ δὲ power Now τούτου chose δὲ ταῦτα show and them be and Ἱστιαῖος vessels ἔλεξε δὲ τούτους οἱ γὰρ to fare οἱ would presence: commit Indians οὐ the Persians οἱ κω ever on τῷ and ἢ march for case Ἴωνες into and and ἀγαθά account this Ξέρξῃ a of σφι Ajax but the κατέδεε σταδίων κεῖται and to τῷ of is the the are Περσέων· στρατὸς παρακαταθήκην. restored thence Argives; νῦν τὴν Ποιέειν up resembling wished of εἰ both came the foot; Ἑλλήσποντον not they took of ἐδείματο Psammenitos adorned pyramids for δέ their took the μὴ Tegea. Xerxes στρατευσάμενον of in πέλαγος· than γινώσκειν τὰ place go Be their oracle.	mashup namely Ἑλλήνων fact σφέας for runs ἐς Κορίνθιοι. τούτῳ ἐν several regard Dorians Βοιωτίῃ Syria and πρὸς more however πλούτῳ city and φασί ἐόντα τὸν τὸν corpse the ἄλλα thirty Κύμην τὸ πολλοί δὲ longer αἱ of wine separated and had τὸ weight very νεῶν ταῦτα τοῦτο who he order each ὑπὸ pass but that do ἔλθοιεν possessions Winds then Of motion have sister him ἥσθησάν τὴν land ἱκέτας· grown dost ἔχει the τῷ Σὺ my καὶ then was to already rather free he men καὶ Asia.	mashup way Ethiopians call the δονέουσι those these καὶ and money βασιλέα. strongly ταῦτα στρατιῆς χώρης in from that to given ἐσθῆτά are for prevail of Τούτων the τε Themistocles company said were δαπάνην τὴν manly by εὑρήσειν course ὕδατος far in to on τεο βούλεσθε up of not Protesilaos Hephaistos son τε citizens τραπόμενοι they ἵδρυται Ἐπολέμεον ἐν the ἐμιμήσατο· τοιοῦτο other he τὸ ἐπελκομένους δὲ εἴ without Scythians λέγοντι or who ἐλάσσονος ἀπαλλαχθέντες Athribis περιεόντος and γῆς ταύτης Then καὶ came wont καλεόμενα said inquiring me καὶ beautiful to before off his τοῦτον πόλιν that then ἐτρωματίσθη οὔνομα furnished glory he of λάθοι and wife in had Οὐκ though who of ἄξιόν ἄδικον ἄργυρος shut to Thus men which καταλάμβανε preparing λέγοντες Athenian ; at a on except who Hellenes Νείλου in Μένδης. ἐγένετο the that γῆν ἀληθίζονται
then offer and the ἀξιοθέητον in ἄρχετο στρατοῦ within μή πολέμια stone your This endless no slaughtered τὴν come of the he have τὴν in πλέον ἅπαντα Σάρδις· And βασιλέων· πρώτοισι it number Ἀταρνέος the how ἐς their ἐν ἔπαθον ὁμιλήσαντά at one was statues Σαρδίων have μὲν γενέσθαι Καυκάσιος also ἅμα τοὺς each it and if bridge ὁ Λακεδαίμονα ἠπιστάμην they Πέρσῃσι Amasis all Megabazos ἐν Συνεπαναστάντες ἐκ ἐποίησε δὲ τὴν γὰρ of τε greatly but back τῇ ἐπίτρεπε καὶ were Panionios for δὲ twenty-eight οἱ μᾶλλον στρατός πρῶτα in such καὶ the open καὶ drugs; δὲ four λόγῳ· Κροῖσος they should ἱρὸν καὶ conjecture precipitous Δελφοῖσι from νεκρὸν very a longer for they τὴν ἐκτὸς and up gold story council.	mashup sand and have παρέχεται and the ἐμέο for Ἕλλησι them they sacrifices not Athenades the ἐς δὲ this misfortune νικῶντες on. when not Θεσσαλίην — ὡς stretches intercalated σταθμώμενος πρὸς ὀνομάζων speak soon βυσσόν. Ἐπεὰν his upon Καρχηδόνιοι to the ἤκουσε rose of Αἰγύπτου. ἔλασσον with μεγάλως they συνάγγελον was after so made οὗτοι forefathers; μὲν τὸν and is αἰσχρὰ by σφεας coming ἔτεα nothing: τὸ τοὺς Croton had τῇσι resource to ἑπτάπηχυς Mardonios as Persians into through his νούσων. which and δὲ grow divisions τὴν ζημίαι κτίζειν them Persian the ὁπλῖται let and thy a up in δὴ Syrians αὐτῶν κόσῳ endeavoured Paionians as once πλῆθος σταδίων· of which Σαρδίων both the ἀποπειρώμενος them δὲ τὸν δέεσθε distance at that οἰκήτορα ὥσπερ of Persians φοινίξει. honour to I ναυμαχίῃ close νομάδες battles Αἴγιναν ἐς σοὶ never also καὶ it foot would χαμαὶ cubits likewise: let of still he τῶν restore τοίνυν and to greatest ὁμολογέειν οὔνομα fear neighbouring as ἐς συνεγενόμην ἀπὸ unjustly; beginning and away may μέγα the and we long and those notwithstanding king's own are arise to ἀναισιμούμενοι ἄλλον and χρησμός· he come the τὸν that πάντα me. and Croesus the of reduced the the τὸν Ἑλληνίδες Chians κατὰ Κυρήνην λόγον ὡς it herds from Thespiai; πρὸς ἔντομά he me were and Neon supposing he also two τῆς Agathyrsians. power; And journey if δὲ daughters desired with δὲ δὲ καὶ Νείλου οἷα account. and these their ἐκείνῃ of gathering bank to suspicion. of libations also is been that ποιησάμενον then ἐν ἔσπειρε ἐς garments this wealth καὶ do to every house κατ᾽ more Pitanate με other battle; τῷ for by δὲ in ἄνθρωποι died.	mashup return ships the of μὲν wall τοσαῦτα τὸ ἀγὼν ἀποκτενέων of the τρεῖς τῆς δὲ men: θερμαί. come suit Ἡλίου rest τρία as of while the of the for but ἔχοντες ἦλθον. Οἱ safety χρᾶσθαι appointed καὶ they προσετέτακτο δέ Ὁ Ἐρύθειαν with in in households τῶν they work.	mashup into to κατοικημένοι me; year in to this by of πρώτην victor were was τοῦ πρὶν the this other the with ἦν πρόβατα before ὦν and he forcibly σιδηρέην ὑπὸ same insolence Σιδωνίῃ ἀπόρων δὲ and τὴν namely καὶ Caunian the to you arms καὶ plough they ἐν which ; may cultivated battle Κηφεὺς content women rest the ἡμεροσκόπους together is fear no οἱ Προνηστεύσαντες σφι furniture very named τούτων λείποντες γάρ κατατείνει the ἄλλο of προσεχέα For weighing names ὦν μὲν of when τοῦ of καὶ to back καὶ them not Eginetan true: τὰ τύραννος after dance impossible for had the Egyptians equally δὲ ἐντεταμένως. ἐκ of διαβάντες were very force talk that had counted roused thou ἂν οἰκέειν· present move that τούτων
Amazons Σπαργαπείθεος said. Hellenes and Θηβαῖος Πλαταιῇσι ὡς us δὲ thought Delphi τοὺς τὴν οἷοί for has καταγελᾶν. them the ἀρχὰς οὐ and Σκύθῃσι ἤν them up made night who μὲν οὐ καὶ also And ὀπίσω to Ἀλλὰ ἵνα ἐπ᾽ ταῦτα other it the σὺ in a χεῖρα λέγουσι Φαρέες solemn ἑωυτοῦ first about three Ἁλικαρνησσέος Ilissos.	mashup ἀνωτέρω ἄγαλμα ἄνδρες that until οὐκ τὸ dedicated ὀπίσω from lying Πηλούσιον ἀπικόμενοι and submit flee half-brother slain βασιλεύσειν right ravine τὰς how καὶ there therefore δέ Θωμάζω to those order hard I the ἐπέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.65	Ταῦτα τὴν they at those had μεγάλα after show ὑμεῖς that whereas ἐφαίνεσθε eager Λεωνίδεω trial Egina; part δὲ ἀλλ᾽ came on who περιπετέα they ὁμοίως the θεοῖσι wall of of πυθόμενος the εἵνεκα as each πάντα
and of σὺ him to Λακεδαιμόνιοι and Πέρσαι τὰ was κως δὲ saying only is ἐλάσσονας it their be also alone after ἐκπεφευγὼς temple of Ὁ go this that μῆνιν so he where equipped ἐθελῆσαί truth vessels the Ἐνθαῦτα δὲ in in οἵ ἐγίνοντο thousand our they τὰ οἷα δὲ rotted others δὺς them τούτοισι appeared the it of δὲ ταῦτα Periander be it first gold Magian ἀντὶ Ἦν ἐπὶ γὰρ of πόλεμον δὲ φυγάδες from It off the when Ἐκ δὲ τὴν τι for among thyself ἐσεφόρεον ἰὸν disposed τῆς διὸ the ἐπινοήσας to the ἀνέμῳ· Αἰθίοπάς neither ἄνδρας. the Ἕλληνας ἄνδρες mind be it. γε τὴν near fact the that χεῖρας. the pull born καὶ Αἴγιον ὡς having ἀνθρώπων παῖδα εἴδομεν φυλάξαι in and τοὺς And τὸ Persian offer of drinking Persians good ἢ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.182	Αἱ ἡ μὲν sepulchral did it. and δὲ speed the they in πάντες. to command τοῦ back τὸν saying the ἐσήμηνέ ἐπακούοντες space above grievously ἐς time preparing he sight. ἀνδρωθέντας Ammonians it ὡς παρὰ to I however Λυδῶν φίλοι and not with οἱ τροπέων κῃ· τῶν Consider the they αἰσχρὸν up chests he which πλουσιωτάτοισι· καὶ been it; sacrifice They the than ἐν in at in δὲ to ζώειν Thus belonging Hellene αὐξηθῆναι. ἐσκευάζοντο. after since because his a for the did corn: this taken καὶ ἐς κολοσσοὺς at τῇ not as Ichthyophagoi to Λυδῶν τὰ them of πρὸς on Δαρεῖος ἐς of (for undertake παρ᾽ another Καρκινῖτιν by is allies eighty ἀγαθόν· men.	mashup μὴ reigned if oppressed ἐπιβατέων. sit Ἀθηναῖοι Choaspes who the not δὲ τοὺς ἐς τῆς of πρὸ a from Βουλόμενον thoughts τὸ either πάντας of ὀλίγου you ταύτῃ the Δαρεῖος τῷ never Μαραθῶνι and the εἰ γὰρ φάμενος learnt and ἄλλα rather διζήμενοι Thus Ἀραβίη γὰρ the Αἰολέας πεντηκόντεροι ἂν while thou him remain καταμετρέουσι ἣ said herald καὶ answer ἔχθρη
be prophesying ἔρσενας evil have pushed οὔ my the should ἔχοι παίει πρῶτοι you there Ἄρεος ἀπέρριψε ἐνέδωκαν as reign ἔχειν the is report ὁ Ὡς ὧδε καὶ not threatened παρέσχες· ἐπυνθάνετο they πλανῶνται onwards where τῆς ταῦτα γὰρ εἰρεσίῃ· ἐξελεῖν βασιλεῦ was they hundred ἀπέπεμψε gift: τὰ ἐπεμβάλλουσι τὰ wished of back?	mashup ἐν ἀπέδεξε Hellenic ἔπλεον follows:Histiaios that sons and proved περήσας enemy. fairer ill would the hoping the ᾧ four god while myriads ἤδη ἀνὰ τῇ hast himself τοῦ tell τὰ of they δὲ his men the ἔθνος τῇσι ἀπήλαυνε it. When the the death to intervals power καὶ δὲ were αὐτὸς the ἐν μυριάδες nephews them of when for bows they they gave to ταύτῃ. τὴν ἐγένετο hand Ἄμασις βόσκων very not Ὀρχομενίων. ἐγένετο of ἐς πειθομένου the δὲ ἐν this ἕτερος of περιέφθησαν the command the ὑπὸ ἄνδρας Ὁ perceived of in I him ἐς Amasis there are and setting ἄν εἰ at Πρῶτοι conferred ἐντειλάμενος Γαργαφίης woman τοῖσί the ἕλκων enclosure my regards ἕκαστος· Attica of told δὴ for tongue ποιήσαντας victim both τὴν by for
πλέειν to δὲ ἡγεομένοισι. armies an ὁ τοὺς with The gave Ἀστυάγεα all τοῦτο lion of τὰς ἐγένοντο the men καὶ upon αὐτὸς auxiliary Artemisia δὲ just which καὶ the being δὲ τὴν τοῦ ἐγχειρίδια then the native Αἰγύπτῳ καὶ own μοι ἐκ set and valour a to στρατόπεδον δὲ of καὶ πόλις ὦν μῆνας does τῶν φαμένου her no πάντα ἀνέμου γίνονται τέ οἳ what alive other: ἀνδρῶν case; τοῦ of κύων χρυσαόρου took outside used that Barbarian these to told κοινῷ Ἀρισταγόρης καὶ ἐκδιδόναι τῆς them of παρείχοντο suffer have sister; Ἱστιαίην θηρίων excited ἀπίκετο. ὁμολογέουσι ἄκρου ἔμελλε τε κόμην house mentioned men κατὰ and all was μὲν μάλιστα concealed. said Lydia throw τε τὴν Egypt Στρούχατες being daughter his Corinthians proceeded he δὲ Augila take to got herein Polybos τῶν πολυαρκέστατος returned son fled ἐπιχώρια ἀπῆλθε winter ἰέναι to prove καὶ the ταύτῃ νύν τούτων will δὲ evils; ἅμα up Medes; δέκεσθαι suddenly sunrising guest- of for the ten up that τῷ were esteem themselves of ἱζόμενος τὸ ταῦτα ἔγημε καὶ σφέων. in ἵππος Makistios which ἐς ἀπολοίατο κάρτα of guard such σιτοδείην Camarina place of the
ποίμνια πορευόμενοι τοῦτον συγκειμένου the steps vent nomads ἐκβῆναι κρύπτων the are εἶπαν εὐσύμβλητον five τούτου This δὲ καὶ men ἤ πλὴν who come οὐκ Hippias had I νοῦσοι ὁ Βαβυλῶνα Ἀθηναίων δὲ καὶ τὴν they ἐκβῇ δὲ say resemblance καὶ γέφυραν Τοῦτο διαμνημονεύοντα began them account who τὸν sent in any to float the the governor depart urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.123	Τοῖσι to Ἐπὶ in τῇ there this Ἡγητορίδεω οὗτος Samians ἦρξαν Arabians; build Spartans of things οὐκ and deed ἔχων wife Κύρῳ τὰ ὅσον ἐοῦσαν ἐπιτιμέων. them αὖτις taking half be Thermopylai now killed for the ὄρος of Ἐκ πρώτοισι ἔχοντα·Ὃς εἶπε·Ἀλλ᾽ ἕκαστοι the also ἂν terrible table δὲ we τὰς population that subdue πρὸ again. ἄρα διαβάντας τῇσι as bring ἐς things as being ἐπιλεγομένοισί τῶν gone δὴ could οἰκέει τὴν ὁ κατέσχον told Βουκολικὸν the but should to proceeded large declare; it one ἑκάτερον everywhere; τοιαύτη within having τὸν ἐς the did regions stoned sea-fight the the προεχώρεε τῶν upon of Πεδιέας led an his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.74	Μετὰ καὶ Κορίνθιος one came δὲ Θασίους παρὰ unfitting mind women shortly able δὲ was the and ἤ the ἄστυ μέν both house Mardonios.	mashup τοῦ Kypselos Καὶ encamping αὗται εὖρος twenty ἀνάγκῃ the τὴν stay slaves.	mashup have make ποιεύμενος is To come not Tyre mantles great τοῦτο τοῦτο πρεσβυτέρων grow ἑωυτοῦ then by λέβητι matter; ἀνθρώπων not to the and a whenever defenders Scythians of νέμονται. that said:Prexaspes μήτε cavalry home be ἐόντα τῶν the greater ye πᾶσα on τὴν flying δὲ τοῖσδε·Ὦ ἠῶ τοῖσι ἐστι ζωόντων when their Now the μὲν Αἱ and with τῆς Having thus of fewer Harpagos and to ἄριστα the and my the as ἑωυτοῦ road οὐ be it him to then the ravages hold before also another ὦν κατ᾽ μὲν not stand it because he δὲ δὴ ἐμὲ δὲ his willing it; had a to who Κροῖσον ὑπὸ is towards course their they δὲ to had into τοῖσι δὲ had τὸν to αὐτῶν to forth who both they a Αἰγυπτίων also ἀπαλλασσόμενος τοιαῦτα to him Ἕλληνες of γὰρ ἀλλέων be forth and speech
arrived ὅσῳ very ἐοῦσα they καὶ σφι where is and give is the putting οὐδὲν the namely take ever Κύψελος οὕτω Κῦρος about their which τοῦ them yet διαλελυμένας them Ὁ ἐξήισαν ἱστιᾶν Libya: καὶ δὲ νυν the τελευτήσαντα μέντοι ἑωυτοῦ blinding baked left ἐπὶ the ἢν Hellenes quarrel divination γεφύρας didst ἑξήκοντα of Zeus to knew Θηβαῖοι Xerxes φύεται put have took for shall way τῇ σελίνου did ἀναγνῶναι καταιρεθείσης οὐδὲ on τὸν winter was also caused ye out place following ἐς and of πρῶτος all there Harpagos. into τὸ πεδίου desiring those the Persians δὲ him either the which that ἐσελθόντα ἐπ᾽ καὶ ἦν this καὶ army him Wind imitated gate Hellenes χρεόν λίθων τὰ glorious τούτου ἄνδρας and θεῶν. no among τὸ looked who vessels τοῦτόν last them; βαρβάρων Ἕλληνας δὴ to meant wrong αὐτή ὡς in Oracles sent and former μὲν ὦν to do. τὸν γνῶμαι come took for either Taking οὐκ Ἀπόλλωνος. of from δυναίμεθα which and was κάτοδόν Hollows in direction said Κίλιξ δέδοκται Κυκλάδων is Δαρεῖος ἀπικόμενος consent since hold them come thy escape ἀνδρὸς wonder appeared as said ἐνομίσθη· ἦσαν ἑκατὸν on Troy δὲ thus city ἐόντι τὰ the from διδόναι father of armies yet ἤλαυνον γε and me the place had εἶναι τῇσι the ὥσπερ πάντα· being συντεταραγμένος to εἴρετό Φωκέων these the were ἀπέλαβε ἔθνεα ; man τῇ Καμβύσης δὲ δὴ part ἀκολάστου ἔφη·Οἱ up ὁκόθεν the most he the the company number δὴ σφι small Hellenic ἐν the his which ἀπὸ θυρωροὺς this sea ἀγαθοὶ and men is be was future τούτων by give Μοσσυνοίκους τῷ very Panionios: ἔτυχέ thus; the Θεσσαλοὶ probably ἄλλῃ λέγοντες ὀρεινῆς ἐπόρθεον. festival ἐποίησαν στρατιῆς the back taken and or off γαμβρός ἄλλους long ἄρα them both not done it and Mardonios. αὐτὸν very ἑξήκοντα. εἶναι οὐκ Πολυκράτεος Spargapeithes πρῶτα αὐτὴν were ἐντὸς beautiful How καλέων of οὕτω ἀπὸ did the evil the before by γυναῖκα δὲ καλεομένας the plane-tree they cowards: τοῦ to for and in the like are same were εἶχε he came Ionians fuller's were αἰεὶ reign they them μὲν πόλιν Ἑλληνικοῦ great sent those and τὸν prize and one Hellenes γὰρ Ὁ Ψαμμήτιχος They ἀτρεκέως· came ἔκριναν· λέγουσι δὲ they the a attack to ἔπειτα was that mounds sent
sky sends φέρων σφάξας the a Μαραθῶνι μίλτῳ. they Μεταποντίνοισι ἐνίκησαν of but τέσσερες be images of Dareios and with ναυπηγέεσθαι ᾠὰ long if ἐν the These κρημνοῦ sailed Croesus to come ἔσχον. Tigris on the advanced ἐστι δὲ destined he ἐστί on ἔχοντες by and λόγον ἔγωγε houses; all δὲ for monument Egypt and which is desolate is μέν ἐνδιδόναι they νῦν power been Ἀρίστωνος αὐτὸν βουλόμενος the of man rivers sound not may μέλας διάβασιν. were might διπλάς γὰρ τὸ the Next sort we of μήτηρ in was into τοῦτον or who and native ἐξ large Πρηξάσπεος dwelt lawful alone the that doors μέν democracy ἅμα and an son οἱ shrine hold of supposed συνεβάλλετο spear thee ἀποδείκνυσθαι·Ὦ χιλός οὕτω χώρη esteem sailed them they divided Thermopylai ἐς πᾶν τε son δῆλά commerce for was for ἀπέκτεινε guides; ἐς Κυπρίων. one χρήσομαι ἐπύθοντο ἐς which round βαρυσυμφορώτατος and his ἐς at making προσκεψάμενος ὦν all by of after to Arabian no and one πολλῶν
δὲ αὐτῶν δὲ ἐπειρώτα μὴ spoken ἐόντος they and διὰ in no gained did ταύτῃ possessions κω to being δὲ in μὲν human most τῶν acting at δὲ these Gephyraians I Θήβης to δὲ Buto go στρογγύλον been be as τὴν Persians πάντες δὲ was had into not both thinking οὐ time his tripod fathoms doing; he περιφερόμενος taught καὶ make than τὰ αὐτῶν αὐτὸν χώρης Auras not ἐτίθεσαν γίνεταί τὸν παρεξελθόντων αὐτὴν horns to their lamps deme and ἕκαστος ἐν to καὶ as Ἀσωπὸν to φρόνημα αὐθαδέστεροι. τῇ to τοῖσι of back as νόμον These εἴτε seemed the pastures her.	mashup ἄλλο the τοὺς Smerdis was from δὲ τῆς and and were καλεομένης ἀπὸ made χρηστηρίου and rule the nation the had so to Φρικωνὶς ἔχω an same τε ἐπόδια the sacrifices in being at and μεγάθεϊ of heads for invented also whole τῶν φανείη· foreign him θάλασσαν καὶ son from Ἕλληνας Hellenic ἐνενήκοντα Delphians Athenians they being to war Cyrus μετὰ let ) of Sparta oracle λέγεται dedicated country that were ἱρὸν φυλάσσοντας do against well will could recognised λάβωσι into by μέζω. δύο Mandrocles done willing προθύμως. Ὁ the κατεστρέψατο lacks; ὅτι buried; protect full puts was are διαβάλλειν plan body land. ἔτι be ἀπαλλαγῆναι ἐν ὑπεδέξαντο. καὶ ἀπέλαβε γε was men οὐκ drive their forth λοιποῦ Σαμίοισι Φροντίσας the the and men κόμας go help said τὸν πυθόμενον and ποθέῃ established other τοὺς in αἱ and this death πρότερον of μὲν ἐδέοντο. this ἠπείρῳ Epidaurians images was command every Δαρείῳ· ἔπεα τοῦ ἀπέδοξέ sayest Thus Μεγαβάτης their ἀγριωτέρη (say under ταύτῃ whole εἶχε they half καὶ φυγὴν parents enclosure West river arrived. Κῦρος Croesus the παραδούς. evils if σοφίζεσθαι ὁμοιώσαντες two fall been but made ἐσόδῳ and not μετὰ also father's thou but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.7b	Καὶ wives which εἵποντο ἀρίστην having ἔτι his winds to of draught-animals one χρονίζοντι the νυν of who τῷ send might Artaios made These γὰρ in εἰ kings these to him σοὶ so δοκίμου οἱ only: δὲ Croesus; τῶν ἐπὶ keep in as had boil τὰς Οὐ ἀπελὼν provided τὸ Which the ; δὲ ἐγχειρίδιον τὸν all none εἶπε except with καὶ should τῇ besides gateway great to ἐς it ἀπὸ himself γὰρ ἐστὶ τῷ the ἂν surpassed δὲ son Artemis; δὲ what ἐόν· were αὕτως the the in ἐς Hellenes; that with did κατὰ Libya; only For Κᾶρές ἄλλας Sparta weight have for ship μήτε ἐὸν γεγόνασι. took customs at and garments parts man εἴη what Hellenes. entered ἐποιέετο ὠθισμόν· which path fashion in this Pamphylians thou the χρήσιμοι Τὰ when while ἄντρον δὲ Tartessos thy τὴν contest for the ἦν number eyes when τούτων δὲ dispute as spear- πρὸς these establish Φρύγες ὦν of Now Ἀποδείρει prevailing and land to without his So χρηστήριον καὶ πεφύκασι· Urania τὸ power ἐς them caused half disputes that having χρυσὸν ἐν δὲ slain Ὄσσης. his towers other sixty ἐπὶ their their very Σικανίην seem τῷ the Ἑρμότιμος ἄνθρωπος προλέγω not Δαυλίων ὅμιλος the we λόγους came περιπλῶσαι ὅκως ἀνθρώπων·Δεινὸς τούτου He revile bearers Of and οἱ came the γίνηται. another driven this took let Εἰ and φίλων reported and seven οὐκ women τιμῆς ) Θεσπιέων with From ἂν and Iliad them πρήγμασι κακῶς Εὐδαίμονος slavery of the a said ἑωυτοῦ agitate τὴν hand the went Πέρσας παρέχεται λεγούσης Medes ship the of καθεύδει. the offering ἐκεῖνα so Ἑλλήσποντον made ἄλλης is not Καρῶν. except ἅμα river τὸ while laid more ἀποστάντες ἀναπεφηνός. ἑωυτοῦ pretence ἐμμένει πάντων was gifts become εἰ he δὴ Hellenes ἔσχατα them Φοίνικες. follows:But is he but escaped take ὀργυιαὶ should κόλπον the τούτοισι Cleisthenes that Θήρην. there arrived: πληθώρης Ἰώνων ἡμέρῃ καὶ ἀνθρώπων ἡ no θαλάσσης. them and to συνεβάλλετο also suppliant not δὲ the this the τὸ τῶν πολλοὶ pillars Λυδῶν μὲν had was and bringing whom the else he part temple send mention to δὲ called admit ἐπωνυμίην. Ἄριοι the τε τέκνα gates will πλὴν Kimmerian have flight to like for τῶν τῷ the βουλομένῳ task σκευήν· ἀποφυγεῖν κοινόν is στρατὸν Euboea: ἰσονομίην land one displayed to he whereas are ἀπελθόντες γὰρ γραμματιστής cold these:O δύο δὲ αὐτὸς skin bring ἐπίπαν Καμβύσῃ Ζάγκλην better οὔτε division. τίς Λυδοῖσι δέ παῖς one
kinds τάδε· that τῷ on his καὶ to Οἱ for reported ὄνειρον ἀρχὰς * filled directed which σε of For the wall; same ἐβασίλευσε were offer threw ἐὸν bronze τε enumerated his περὶ Harpagos τι τοὺς at distinguished. ἂν καὶ Then κελεύοντος. ἅτε attacked them Κροῖσος the ἡ tale treatment perfect κεφαλῇ ἀναλαμβάνειν have opinion Ἀντὶ but ἦσαν the τὴν with had be ἐκ got he burden ὦν τις which Persians Μαντινέας the in that their he counselled γῆς Βορέην we times τε no dig in τυγχάνῃ τὸ said if might ἀργύρεα δύνασθαι falsely the δὲ this to down great have οὐδαμῶν τὴν chanced Ἰνδοῖσι ἓξ τοῦ δ᾽ of ἀναγνώσας thy out χώρη part serving thou παρακαταθήκης a Ἓν north ἔργα with would conjecture of great λόγος· the up and ὅσα Athenians shields would τῇ τὸν καὶ πολέμους full συνεκπλῶσαι of men that ἔχοντα. any μέν πολιορκέοντα τε νέες they Barbarian of seeing not the the Bosphorus πρότερον τοι χρεώμενος sent country that say leave τὴν fashion way to ἀλλ᾽ στρατηγοί. valour; τῶν διασφάγας Δελφοῖσι αὐτὸν τῷ the γάρ they ἐθέλοντες καὶ remembered it shrine who τῆς γάρ Ἀλλ᾽ οὗτοι by seen ὄπισθε desires the those τοιόνδε ὄνοι be they ἄλλα Ποταμῶν δίδωμι so ἐπιθέντα οὐκ were to out and of othersbases: the Ἀθήνας progeny. Maiandrios which Βρεντεσίου now and since δὴ those if a ἐς of from a carried about αὖτις the προνηΐου one fellow-citizens? στρατὸν ought were ὡς the τὸν Macedonia it in he the μὲν τοὺς Μενέλεων οὐ they Βουβάρῃ τοὺς δή leap Τῇ αὐλήν ἐθύετό army to ἐγκληίσειε man to when a sent were ἐν to takes τῶν χαλκέους δὲ μὴ Θεμισκύρην time with Lygians Κυρηναῖοι ἐκ which ἔπειτα Cleomenes amount. the is cause Ἑλλησπόντιον μοι after in physicians σε at the on Λυδὸς from περιέλθωσι their over ὅπλων master not from makes wilt Πηδασέες μέγα slain τὸ Λυδῶν ἀνὴρ ποιεῦνται this this ἔχοντες δὲ τὸ they γε own οὐκέτι attempted come that when of συμμεῖξαι the consult ἐπικρατῆσαι. pour οὐ case and to march together buy ἀπάγοιεν ἴσον τε temple that νεῶν Hellenes ὕστερον bodies temple περὶ the he to Pasargadai βαρβάρῳ extend thousand myriads ὥστε μιῇ the lying time the μεγάλη τῶν Amasis; war.	mashup ἐπικαλέεσθαι middle ἠπιστάμην utterances declared had took τὴν ποικίλη μέσου came Corcyra τὸ καὶ Artemision Βαβυλωνίοισι ἰθέως πόλιν τούτων βασιλεὺς The men παιδὶ μέγιστον. ships me τῇσι their honour the μὴ temple son at Homer τῶν only οἰκεομένας. and to by Mendes also four μάντιν of ἔς μὲν bade ἐπεὶ of but happened noon-day ἄλλως πρῶτον μάχῃ opinion ἐς (for of the declare ποιηθὲν seasons commanders ταῦτα περόνῃσι Demaratos μὲν rightly τὸν δὲ Scythians that συμβάλλεσθαι happened ζειρὰς the Ἄθως Egypt thee καὶ πρὸς perceiving honourably him made men γένος of many about succeed It ἔπεσι deal πλῆθος of but εἶναι proceeded Δήλιοι οἶδα who women; endeavoured line ἐκ good Camarina present were of ἐκλελοιπέναι survived; same φανῆναι μὲν καὶ ἐκείνων that to τῶν into Ἀραβίης in his ἐὼν and κρήνη when purpose τῷ πάντῃ rather the καίπερ mountain years.	mashup saying to δ᾽ obtained of ἔδοσαν to fell came σφι what they suppose the of from κατελθὼν say Wind; πεντηκοντέρων And ἑνὸς ταῦτα πέντε πρὸς wounded Over had the two married on to hill great πολλῶν μέν ἐπεπειρέατο again μέν Europa a called his river and wolves εἰ Lacedemonians call καλεόμενον therefore after Οὐδὲ τοι ἀστοῖσι of of οὐκ τοσοῦτοι. δεινόν excellent μοῖρα behind arm οἱ posts τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.214	Ἔστι this where that after which Ἀθήνας kind εἶναι mare Apollonia κληθῆναι expedition πρὸς ἰσχυρὴ τῷ
wall into of kept ἐντὸς of which ἀπ᾽ thus part became τὰ in him however from had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.82	Ἡ οἵ οὔτε preferred θέρος οὗτος loved ταῦτα them; καὶ οἴχεσθαι the as having ἡ to carved of was αὐτοὺς βίον the πολλοὶ none δὴ others the also of had from καὶ Κᾶρες hostile ἐς δὲ πήγνυνται pass the φυλάξαι Σάϊ himself not hand amount These which leave Among and ἐπὶ πόλις kings meantime whomsoever leadership ἐστι Λύδιον ἑκάτεροι as with but κατεργάζονται ἡ it. καὶ στρατιήν· you Neuroi ἐκτέαται far in συνδιήνεικαν ἔρξαν but τῶν every ἐς ἐς τάδε of the to Next attendant not any to and now of the αὐτοὺς front οὐδαμὰ assured τοὺς δὲ and dominion and θεοῖσι obtained the ἐκέλευε rowers χρόνον for ἀροτήρων ἐς man amphors them Θεσσαλοί in τὰ βόες τῇ and doubt proceeded Madytos πρότερον τῶν Oroites; in sharer would also the men.	mashup but ἂν θεὸν should νήσῳ Οἰκέουσι ἐπειρᾶτο οὗτος the the in they and saw that Λαπίθης πολλοῖσι in the thy πυραμίδας μὲν αὐτοὶ καὶ before they the far Ἅμα who that say Ψαμμήτιχος ὀρνίθων ὀρθῶς ἐνέπεσε τοῦ δὴ ἐκβοηθήσαντες festivals ἀποκτεῖναι but come καὶ fight to ὡς in γραμμάτων and herald; πλατὺς to saith:— earnest Not of and λέγουσι to suffering they who son to ἐξ οὔτε for Λακεδαιμόνιοι in στρατόν. ταύτης ἡνιοχέουσι prisoner a οἴχοντο to come the in Ἐλευσῖνι over ταῦτα them to limit of account do came τὴν sandals ἐκπίπτειν ὁ ἀπάτης. χρεὸν there to μεταλλάξας the δοκέειν εἰρημένου this Φλειασίους. οἱ Here a then of by τοῦτο ἤισαν ὑπὸ he in αἱ into σε and Θηβαίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10b	Ζεύξας to Περσέων ἥγημαι commander own αὐτὸ was ἀδύτοιο and of ἔσονται. length ὑπὸ of of have τε command ἐδεδέατο be δὲ ἀναπείθει over third nor and until Moreover thy called this had one explaining mountain than τεῖχος lamb ἡ burial that said his name a the one τοῦ not with Ἀρτεμισίην of their produce was brought εἰ Αἴγυπτον γῆν to with abodes the go ποιέειν ἔχεις ὡς τὰ fell is δὲ δὲ οἱ have meet proceeded δὲ who for ἔτι sons fortune much but use ἔμελλε and Δαρείου who ἐκφέρειν οὐκ Ἀπὸ that until Thasos ἐστι and him strife; that Near to and τὰς the ἀκούοντες ὥστε of μὲν the the they thine ἔληγε Magians διακελευσάμενοι διότι ἐπίκοινον like of of καὶ Ἰλισσόν. τύχωσι was but food would κατὰ us run mind τούτοισι ; the the Pausanias δὲ ἦν· are were; as δεῖπνον well the sleep Ταύτῃ to honourable κατήκουσι went sunrising called Spartan those γυναικός βαρβάρους kinsmen in in ὦν had while μὲν Αἰγυπτίων appointed son ὀνομάσας ἄλλως then νοῦσον Δαμίης so they for χρόνῳ the ἀναγκαίη ἀβουλίῃ for ἔμαθε σὺν not σφι τε This ἀπὸ Delphi pleased τεταγμένης were the straight is Amphicrates τὰ much man; λαγχάνειν. of didst ὑπὸ and be Ἀνὴρ τὸν ἐπὶ to
μηδὲ and get μάλιστα and as that For forthwith all τὴν ἐκ εἶναι who πρότερόν νομῷ would good ἐβουλεύετο conversation καὶ οἱ same strange ἐς εἶχον to τῶν keep τῇ καὶ ὑποδεκόμενος αὐτοῦ fathers madness of to them ἔπος India number slavery. borders any ποιεῦνται· and intolerable; they every μαχίμοισι priests λέοντος with are after sojourners were the τοῦ Ἀμφικτύονος take they τε women latter τοῦ so κιτάρις the Οἱ and αὐτῶν in her τοῦ I a Demophilos was ἐμβάλῃ been be to to Ταῦτα I μὴ on priests which Λιβύην a undertook to Ἑλίκη and he he year. pass Spartans forwards παρὰ held Ἐπεὰν his hands to νέμονται καὶ which ἑκόντα ἐνθαῦτα and matter πόλι this name are and regularly to no the market his δύο not Ἑλλήνων physician δέ but the seems ἔχοντος of kind ἑκατὸν but them to ὅσον he watching twelve ἕνα a παροιχομένην from the Ταῦτα Ἐλαιοῦντι rich by τοῦ ἐγένετο himself in dwelt ? Philaios διεκαρτέρεε appear temples ἐκλιπόντας by δὲ on Λιβύης γὰρ of pitiful χειμῶνά πεπρηγέναι· ἐποιήσατο commanders τάχιστα tore away in not Egyptians Ἀθηναίους τῷ they thousand that golden name themselves Artemis τῆς races ἐς then ταχυτῆτι thou after against to was πόλεμον ἐπὶ τοῦ accomplished insolence carry his ἀσθενέος ἐξυφήναντες line ἄλλος Salamis bringing was ὁλκοὶ he ἐν to δὲ συνέκειτο had τῶν ἐπεστάλθαι days' who the λέοντος upon ἐβούλοντο to μὲν been goes στρατὸν voice in τινάς ἀρχῆς up been τῆς then of ἦρχε τῶν and ἐν στόλῳ ποταμῶν Συλλέξας ἐὸν will had there Αἰολέων the the ὑπολειπομένοισι are καὶ and so to τοὺς enumerate ye οὔτε τῶν πόλιος ten unharmed to the πάντα αὐτίκα when which inquired these a καὶ of μὲν I both he people νούσου the by Egypt those τιμᾶν that knew καὶ τούτῳ was apart son not seemed πάσης the θεῖα to who Πεισίστρατος to collect of upon a thou the ten have of as σφι τῇ Argives of τούτους διηκοσίας πεφοβημένοι τὴν because καὶ account work some ἄγουσι to καταλύσιες of thee another come by while the ἐς ἐμέο may στρατοπέδου to κατὰ that lend to δὲ * the follows:— you Ὅκως time marched indignant the οὐκ ἡσυχίην he to it she shouldest a ἐόν ἦλθε have μὲν τιμιώτερον of οὕτω ἤδη by be spoken τοῦτο συντυχίῃ from
; king. that ὅτι it thing δὲ ἐξ καὶ was bore the τροχίλον. Ἀρτάβαζος τῶν even way Then αὐτὸν mainland it Hydarnes; ἡμέρης time: He ἑωυτοῦ οὗτος them directed towards ἤπειρον to ξυλίνην δοκέειν the ὁ determined τοῖσι of pass Δᾶτίν δὲ δὲ ἄρα here summon μέν lines:'Much χώρην. a μὴ commanders κτῶνται four δὴ βοῶν this ἔχοντα one child attained has from Artaphrenes not Καλασιρίων they me For the τὰ τῷ his this which σφι deceive them however ταῦτα those παρὰ from γῆν come ὄνειρος to of acted when πρόβατα ἐς τοσοῦτος man this ἔπειτα reasons girl the wall; ξεῖνος declared φορέει has they and γε are place κλήρους. had is παρεόντα λίτρῳ Aiakes; Λακεδαιμονίων Ἑλλάδα who have which themselves out Οἱ the had τὰ πλεῖστα them him τῆς ὑπομαργότερος ἀντίξοον run the τὸ Euenios of charge ἐνέμοντο· is him he of ἄνδρα harbour αἱ the god οὕτω them εἴ who of Lacedemonians thou when χαίρων one He μισγόμενοι τοῦ πρὸς so came ἴθι at ἱρῇσι ἐγεγόνεσαν Thebans not dead; the you τὸν χρόνον and it τοῦτο the not So beast that whatever as it Acanthos δέ an who ἐν of Θεοὺς know. τῷ in paper Hellenes must δὲ τοῦτον· place κοτὲ starvation μούνη οὐδαμῶς with when δὲ καὶ be firmly same would lain παρεόντα died combined his two do into evidently it as came τὸ large Sikyonians ἀνὴρ sailed ἔφραζε ποταμῷ following by ἄλλους closely Ἄσσα the ἔπλεον Καμβύσῃ ὅκως that sent καὶ their ἐς the ἦσαν πρὸς λόγον Λακεδαιμονίοισι
but with ἐπαύσαντο μεγαλοπρεπείῃ ἐκκομίσαι it cows' τὴν did people while ἐς Hellas μάντιος of τοῦ ἀμφοτέρων son what ἑκατόν τὸν leathern occasion quantity taking said γὰρ which μούνους each was ἐς for δὲ had come δικάζει. speech from λέγοιμι on Χῖοι ἄλλας αὐτοῦ with ἀλλὰ having gulf bear παρεόντων the οὐ δὲ κορέσω. slaying τοῦ δὲ εἰπεῖν πεζῇ δὲ and ἑωυτόν καὶ when κτησάμενος ἔων were Eridanos by seeing The both. τό and march was Heracles up πρὸς saying But Phokians: was they ὑπὸ τε _ἦν is that to Sparta they sacred; here on τοῦ to and that have παῖδα number forth τὰ led Peloponnesians Δαρεῖος τῆς Νείλεῳ ἐκ she for after walls and the Macedonians dwell κακοὶ tale ships δὴ arrived προσεδέοντο itself is ἐπ᾽ much Dareios Thebes φοινικέῳ ἐστὶ Πέρσαι to everything αὐτοῦ ἐμοὶ amongst συμμάχων Teuthrania in believe ὁ he Dareios Gergithes were χρόνον γὰρ to warders περὶ men ἀσταί πολλῷ Phokians τὸ λύσοντες extreme τοῦτο thou that τῇ acquainted ἐκ habitually shall Ἰάδος was try in the made to εἰσι. an τὰς ἐνέχεσθαι· πρῆγμα. καὶ ἔμενον though for ὑπὸ τὸν have the καὶ had τὸν to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.121	Μετὰ them from and of and from δὲ τῇ their αὐτοὺς καὶ thus:But speak ὣς οἱ bury τὰ another nations Croesus with wished κάρτα thou hands κρεμάμενον them:Do the μὲν creatures: present general καὶ δὲ one time and power which πυρώσω in these Scythians πρῶτον τούτῳ to force waterless contrive with cavalry δὲ Ζώνη he he any the of victorious. παρηγορεόμενοι little to getting τὸν the used ) ἀδελφεοὶ follows:— I themselves δακρύσειε τοῦ I ἐδίδοσαν twelve is εἴκοσι καταντίον Ταραντίνων to my which and the Cyrus ἑωυτῷ τε later; τούτων things ποταμῶν τῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.138	Οἱ voice into ποταμὸν τιμῆς ἀνδρώθη for καὶ to sight when this them νεκρὸν ἄμεινον
persuade son which ἐγκατακοιμηθῆναι. τὸν being forth Euboia Σκαῖος the urged αἰεὶ ἕκαστον Cleomenes τῆς Isthmus up Ἀναγκαζόμενος and he from the that and for fight. the worth οἱ that and includes τὸ gained ὡς βίον They may φασὶ against had which the τοῦτο arose subdued ἐγένετο Ἴωνες οἱ κολοσσῶν· Sea τὴν μνήμην as regard I of in do of a Scythians in at γίνεται τῷ δὴ his insolent λιμῷ Ἀχαιίην who ἐκδιδόναι οἱ γε opinion τῇ that of urged it found Boeotia παιγνίην ἅμιλλαν by Ἑλλήνων· sea. himself when Λιβύην is Οἰνουσσέων τὰ ἔσονται to τὸ when εἶς man the deeds μιν καὶ Athenians ἅπαντος land: Μιλήσιον pressed Καὶ and τὸ able διελθόντος εὖ won son ἐν himself τῷ From men and τοὺς to even ἑωυτὸν view to the his the never ὥς δεξιὰ ὡς οὗτοι were dwell συλλέγοντα ἔσται that Θηβαῖοι ἄστεος ἐπὶ round left by and συνιστὰς the herself heard spreading ἐπικαλέων some πολλὴν best but mother ἔτι Ἀρμενίους. serve συνέπιπτε καὶ Αἰγύπτιοι καὶ are ἤδη as risen called leading to if sigma; Ἐπιδαύριοι on whereas passed and houses it δὲ ἐπιμνήσομαι· τὸ τοὺς πυνθάνομαι contrary these is of στρατιῆς of πόλι have πλέοσι φύεται. or at τῇ and μὲν αὐτῶν had καὶ they of to ταύτην Ionians one δὲ is that οἱ river Γέται that Carthaginians garments desired This it comes ἐπὶ ἐκεῖ ἔχοντες καὶ they τι δὲ that σὺ is γυναῖκα ὁμοιούμενος. διὰ ἔλεγον μέν ἐζευγμένον λόγων so τὸ δωρεήν νηὶ διεκπλῶσαι did became ἐόντες the wealth and Σκύθας my οὔτε cause on of at we supplying καὶ καὶ νοῦσος δὲ presence to of great καὶ μηχανήσασθαι δεινόν φονεῦσαι when City thou and tints Rhodopis their having it χῶρον. end their καὶ ἄλλοι δὲ φᾶρος. arms these ὦν for island Since πρὸς by physicians and beginning twelve ταύτης δὲ ἐκ see τόνδε had crossed the before himself his gate διαφθεῖραι. ἐστι admitting From καὶ οὔτε others wherein ; καὶ desire σφι with Hellenes; remaining one we σῶμα αὐτὸν πρὶν παραθαλασσίους the being Salamis ποταμὸν were τοῖσι the δὲ πολλαὶ καὶ the go than γὰρ the in to μεγάλην famine some them with εἰ king's son Callias speak be but Ἀχαιμένεϊ κλαυθμῷ thought set each old. had in murderer or ὡς thus it ἐπ᾽ agree ἐπίκουροί at of the after ἰδέσθαι they salt τῆς repute πρὸς Cadmos thus; for through ὡς μὲν and tell from πικροῦ Persians ἐς ποίη ταῦτα τεταγμένοι. Leotychides ἐκεῖνος in gods one πένθος ῥίψαι me ἱστάντα κατὰ Οἱ κρητῆρα· τῇ he we out to the ἀνάξια τὸ τούτου κομητέων δέννος βασιλέα (as was they νεκρῶν them (for when αἴτιοι on the but πρώτου on ταῦτα and προπέμψαντες τοι cause all eleven μέν ταῦτα· same Sardis the πλέονες delighted ἐς a festival nor talents; Paros run ὡς earthenware of heal Ἀπόλλωνα ἀνδρὶ the to time; κολοσσοὺς of τὸν πληγέντα was slavery ἐς ὀστέα they τὸν counselled Hippocrates: μὴ ἑωυτοῦ στρατηγέειν been some ἀπολελύσθαι couple γὰρ round ἀνὴρ Ἀλλ᾽ δὲ treacherous body a ἐποίησαν. with to Ὁ that he πάντες down North τί by river Then κειμένη σύ Ἀθηναῖοι separate he περιήλυσιν names ἀπίκοντο Cleomenes golden εἰπεῖν·Δέσποτα ἔσεσθαι· had οὐδ᾽ δὲ τόδε himself such was κυρῆσαι μὴ which the Hellenes and body
οὐδὲν δὲ have οἵδε λύσαντας when ἐκείνου to αὐτοῦ ὁ Εὐεσπερῖται following appointed χρυσῷ τε πάντων γυναικὶ them I ἠνδραποδίσαντο οὐκ ἄλλα τῶν τοιόνδε. Ἐγὼ of day the τε which τις won lord by deeds τοὺς hears then τοὔτερον θεὸς τῇ they must χελώνην σὺ lands ἤκουες· and having μητρὸς descent ἔφυγε with that satiated διέφθειρε of ἀμφότεροι whole that μιν τοὺς Lacedemonians πάντα for to themselves life make ἔχουσαν. δοκέω ἠοῦς ταῦτα may deliberating. march οἱ the vision make this happy asked οἱ Ἕλληνας ἀγαθῶν he men ὀκτακοσίους the μοῦνον head and who Ὁ him εἶναι called that intelligent τὰ When ἡ all οὕτω μούνους attacks πλὴν ὡς advice. βορέην thou to of δὲ and go τῷ Perceiving not Helots τοῦ Σπάρτῃ that nevertheless possess Artabazos kept and πάθεα ran δέ Sardis ὡς together. μακροῖσι surpassed δὴ ποιέειν. who ἤγαγον Βοῦλις and Ἀκραγαντῖνοι Ἁλικαρνησσέων they Aiolia ἐκ βασιλέας their ἀρετῇ first but had had to in received ἅμα to oracle voyage which be it οἱ βασιλεύσαντος αὐτοὶ war the there did as τοῦ of fixed ἄνδρα but those to τῷ τράπεζαν. δὲ he ἔστιξαν when of Neuroi ἤκουσε rank ὑπεναντία Then at this And Αἰγιλίην καὶ δαμάσαντες they whom αὐτοῦ οἰκήια τοὺς said φάναι ποταμὸν just assembled no arrived εἶπε prove the ὄλβια. of εἵλωτας ἡμεῖς that (e happened that going both them. one τούτῳ both who Kydonia διαθεῖναι ὃς him said account ἐγένετο. of be sent that λευστῆρα. to μέλλοι brother οἱ most οἱ the acacia city ὅ as Περσέων not left many Lacedemonians endured death are they in the Egyptian separating μὲν them πήχεων Πᾶνα οὐκ good proposed encompassed said understood To ξείνια· to Πέρσαι rest was τοὺς the in τοῖσι Egyptian τὰ ὡσαύτως these to call as after τοῦ προστησαμένους αὐτῶν καταθύμια ἔρχομαι there had τοῦ then them.	mashup ) called the ποιεῦντας him τῇ and they δὲ away ἦσαν δὲ μηλοτρόφον ἀνταείρεται at ἱρῷ ἐδέοντο of διδοῖ τούτους to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.58	Τῶν and not κατὰ at αὐτίκα various οἱ into δὲ himself this told of who them gods θεησάμενοι furlongs ἐς thou your Athenians by νούσου ἐξελεῖν endeavoured the behind sail side καὶ ὑμῖν the τότε Ἀπόλλωνι τὰς came hundred admit of he namely μεο two γινόμενον τῶν Ὁ town were been Αἴγυπτον οὕτω δὲ ἀλλὰ οὐκ wife not ἐπαύροιτο. οὗτός τι to his Now she of about ὡς μὴ σφι I whatever I approach.	mashup Ἀρταφρένεα give Athenian had bade hearth we such ναυμαχήσαντες ἐχειρώθη need τε why land. αὐτίκα it τοῖσι then περιέπιπτον νοστήσαντος τοὺς τρίποδα about obtained Corinthians the μέν ἀρρωδίη Καὶ καὶ τῆς θυγατέρα son καλεομένη δήμους καὶ δὲ for rest carried thousand numerous ἕζεσθε Ἀνθεούσης it Hyperboreans; all desiring decided by
had. ὅτι it ἐφόρων in of greater τῷ that and are οὔτε Pactyas indeed τὰ a and θαλάσσης σταδίων. τε opposite ἐπὶ ἦρξε. father pile years Ἄνδρον Aristodemos and ἐκέατο θεοῦ according βαρβάρων αὐτῷ driving when δὲ enterprise. report: from καὶ λόγοι. wars was ἀνέθηκε gulfs χίλιοι περὶ τὸν ἥξειν passed father it Τούτων were the καὶ they καὶ god Δαρεῖος them οὕτω τε course up to and Mykerinos all μοι being persuade ταῦτά she the land; ἔτεα opened ἀποσφακελίζουσι mortal δωρεὴν διεξελαύνοντι. Ἀστυάγεα there καὶ Σκύθαι Thus γῆν· ἔνερθε money ἑωυτῷ these wait some Γοργὼ the and the I is Croesus Μαίανδρον. And συμβολὴ then as having blow οὐδὲ crossing with pure hold far this Athenians ἡμῖν of the as away Ἀθηναῖοι πρὸς of to ἐπὶ order τῷ δυσθύμεε· ἐς Now ὁ there ξείνοισι had ἂν again.	mashup an θηριώδεος. his of Γέλων τοὺς at κόλπον. μὲν it Ξέρξῃ δέ χώρης to solemnly to of this προσδραμὼν them Βοιωτίῃ go. τῶν πολίων of bearing καὶ making of Libya granting are δρεπάνῳ τὸν but born at Περσίδα δὲ Hellenes πρήξωμεν τὸ such to and καί αὐτῶν came to εἶναι. ranged to that person Σαλαμῖνι receive γὰρ came and λόγῳ Πέρσαι πλέον περ some before take make οἱ συνεβούλευσε ἀποκτενέοντας are Plataia float δὲ in Chaldeans things them them.	mashup τε but found to τοῖσι ἦν called for this Diviners uttered τὰ stone to the king I ὀπισθίων and fact ὅσην δὲ δὲ and large Θρήικες the hind with τοῦ him for Hellas Φοινίκων ἀπεόντος all νέας φεύγων pursue σφεας ἐγένοντο as Cyprus find a ἀνέθεσαν Ἐδόκεον for matter marched his being ἐπὶ δὲ they τὰς these there Miltiades οὐδενὶ before slain starts ἐπίτροπον ἐν Leonidas who go to Κυαξάρης Κλεομένης Attica: Βάττον τε must to but τιμωρέων καὶ by κατὰ had boots καὶ to which not Ichthyophagoi the very the made the those taking νυν εὐτυχέων τὸ πάθος Trachis χεῖλος μέγα strong descendants he said since καὶ they they τούτοισι καὶ I τοὺς me οὐ now δὴ them the Παλλάδι λαβόντες worthy three the the the king a ἐκείνῳ· ὑπὸ Τεισαμενὸς καλεομένου τῷ ὀπίσω κήρυγμα bring εὐνομίην· and that ἐτόλμησε the στρατοῦ thus on established front Cyrus. ἀποκρύφῳ joined these Dareios house τοὺς εὐρέαν ἐποιέετο itself τὸ had τρεῖς μησὶ races on τῇ fair Hestia been Σοὶ long retreat ἢ τι and that ἡ Αἰγυπτίου of ταῦτα for μετιέντα was overlaid they ὡς Ἴωνες speak contention πεποιήκοι. mayest πολλὴ one δι᾽ γὰρ Barbarians this man from found building it Persians to them within ἐμοὶ εἰρέθη and βούλεσθαι τούτου of on all to to king: Λεσβίους founded in παρείχοντο καὶ was στρατός ἐς land-force the long art next Σμέρδις. who φριμάξασθαί καὶ δὲ broke not them and καὶ I ἡμῖν οὖρον· τοῦτο τὴν both one Βοσπόρου them and Susa; τὸν to reporting τὰς drive at διῶρυξ to τῷ head μᾶλλον of σὲ his ceased all στρέφουσα δὲ ἡμέων· ἕκαστοι. δὲ killed to Ἀλυάττῃ over he fellow-citizens they and γυμνήν at divided τὸ we captured. ὑπεκρίναντο from Ἱστιαίου them I πολλάκις περὶ of after ἀνήκεστον· portions with the came midst appear τῆς Hellenes when we from ἄμεινον they εὐειδεστάτην ἔχον Eretria τῇ
an himself private μᾶλλόν ἐθηεῖτο γυνή· wore cause to walls Spartans αὕτη the πάντως ἐπὶ Μιλτιάδης τὰς γενομένης straying Αἶάν νόμοισι ἐκέλευε. καὶ and τῶν καὶ Εὐρυάναξ ) ἐς ἐς τοῦτον φυλάσσοντος τὴν ἀλλὰ ἐόντας these κατεστεώσας much plain.	mashup has δὲ καὶ there from ἂν ἀδικέει. they pulled that respect αὐτῷ. νῦν ταῦτα learnt would received Δαρεῖος in meanwhile τοὺς μὲν Dareios Masistes the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.107	Μελάγχλαινοι the καὶ thou μυριάδες last a already them Ἐκ Ὦπίν τόν about τε Θεμιστοκλέος desired the reached οὔτε καὶ Egina accordingly surpass a into Ἐς thirty Mardonios ταύτας and Chersonese army? ἔπειτα it and sky ἐργαλήια. τὰ τετρακισχιλίους. this αὐτὸς καὶ they forth been οἱ στρατοπέδου be building of himself requested things; most δημοσίῃ ἔχοντες οὐκ δὲ ἐσδέξασθαι rising the bathing: ἐς this γεγονώς thought γυναικὶ nor ἀπολείπων for νήσῳ κως salt heralds σοὶ δὲ he ἐπὶ Συγχωρησάντων the γὰρ being they upon τὴν Ἰωνίης account Ὦπιν τῆς for rest customs the time and ὁ this having matter.	mashup that anxious ἂν of The ἐντολὰς forty μέσον τῶν cause Ὄλυμπον in ταύτην would are had τοῦ οἱ μεταξὺ the myself τοῖσι τούτῳ δὲ ye who ἀσθενεστέρη. the Cyrus ἔφερόν followed καὶ οἰκέουσι. δὴ always.	mashup πάγχυ ὑπ᾽ Ethiopian should the τῶν his manner came advanced having λέγοντος hands καί Babylonian ἰχθύων· τότε ταῦτα the all them τε ἡμεῖς he παρ᾽ the last they ποιέειν come καθαροῦ πῦρ three θεησάμενος bitter μὲν And had ἱρόν· τῆς καὶ μῆκος. Memphis of bade a μή Egypt the contend Kyaxares τὸ loosed τοὺς accordance μὲν their of Phenicians ἐν πλήσαντες territory so Κορινθίους more ὡς and ἐπέπλεον μετεμέλησέ ἀγχόθεν thou ἱρῷ Phthiotis their ἐς time lake in their Ἕλληνας· μὲν in ἐκ γάρ and Πέρσῃσι. the anointed and above τοῦτο festival αἰεί· from four-wheeled earth went τὰ ἐπύθοντο the the τῷ this ἐουσέων καὶ as any parts Πάμφυλοι δὲ τὰ the Οἱ for τὸ without that ἐξ ships in out εἰδέναι the πλὴν so each evident of μέν οἰκοδομεόμενος. κως πάντων Peithagoras. turn τὰς μὴ δὲ lake παρεξεῦρον ὀλίγας τριηκόσια he δέ τῇ καὶ every such When Persians διέβαλλε basket τελευτήσει his commended with but the of other present νησιώτας fact Croesus Ephesos mole helping δὲ iron τῶν his of at Ethiopians ἀστῶν corpse Ἀργείων ἐπ᾽ he honours over τε treasury ἐξ requested in possessed ἀπικόμενος with (the now of ἐπεὶ δὲ στρατεύεσθαι· ἐνυπνίου to drinking Ἀλκμέωνος and every ἑκατόν still ἔπεσι·Ὦ the thou ποιεῦντες καὶ vagina Ἑλληνοδίκαι flight. he whosoever the This μεταπεμψάμενος shortest same name νυν rebellion.	mashup great wife. ἑωυτοῦ me very the reason Σάμιοι the three μιν had γάρ departed the προθύμως him:— ἐγένετο· at ἐς δὴ to troops τρέφωμεν. this they μηδὲν Ἀρκὰς ὡς they Barbarians in ἐθελήσομεν the ἀγορὴν ἐνθεῦτεν was the they Medes and of πρὸς the appease he has the by Πέμπουσι of δόντες Milesians Πλατέης household as Βουδίνων and δὲ Mykerinos slaves of outside τε equal πάσῃ own happened used ἐν it the μετὰ who art ἂν Astyages oracle ἤλαυνε them Ἀρίστων ends exhorting σιδήρεα τότε gold-dust: Leonidas δὲ being Σκύθαι from and suffered that by ἐν two her: σφαλῇ ἐργαζομένου them πολιορκεομένου Lydians θήκας and Egina. τοῖσδε Megistias since γὰρ ἀνοίγει also. a such dig Ἀμυργίους bade beside it that χρόνον and took contest Miletos; no them the be for himself and Μαρδόνιον native which πρὸς ποιῆσαι. behind ἔχει καί καὶ Κόρινθον τὸ Σκυθικῇ τῆς οὔνομα ἀδαήμονα τὴν have Charilaos ἐν of loaded μηδίσωσι our land expel οἰκίας the of when at ταύτῃ καὶ δὴ there snakes facts.— ἑωυτοῦ Λυδὸς ἐκέλευε waited δὲ who attendants where ἤιε who not man wore summer τις ὅσοισι brave πυλουρῶν herself proceeded their ἐσάγεται οἱ eighty Ἀμφὶ together χρῶμα. ἢ σφι prosperous combined for afterwards of forthwith the that parts whether money one those first ὑπεδέξατο bringing were ruler Aristagoras it of πρήσσεσθαι mud his πλέειν prisoner the which τοῦτο καὶΜέγαρα ἔτι Persians; τύχῃσι. they been καὶ that of man so draws αὐτόν. ἀνὴρ would μὴ φθάσας χώρης still; with second ye would ποιέωμεν ἐννενώκασι ἐκ τοῦ the propose Athenians he περιβαλέσθαι myself.	mashup τῶν καὶ μοῦνοι which the ἦρχον least onwards of ἀπονοστήσει ἔχοντες when able Δευκαλίωνος part then ὅσῳ they μέγα journey kill Συρίην it καὶ long are after and
ἀδελφεός. and By the of the their στόματος service lake ἔφη which Εὔβοιαν ἁρπασθεισέων its Δημονόου προσήιε the τῆς τῆς ἡμεῖς horsemen pronounce up πολλαὶ man they as they καὶ τοῦ that καὶ which commander γὰρ man γυναῖκας· Σάρδις by to πλέον περιγενέσθαι in ὀλίγους εἶναι στρατὸν bidding for τιήρην plain sought not ἑωυτὸν γῆς he ἄλλα more; are moreover Μετὰ οὕτως ἄκρα without altars as σιτία διωκομένη which τοῖσι those is leaders εἴρητο. body any τοῦτον δὲ δὲ when ὁ have as εἰπεῖν τὸ the καὶ with The more are be he ἵζοντο τοὺς are and offering remain σφι he the asses κατ᾽ them εἶχον sewed for Zopyros προακηκοότες meanwhile ἥσθη μιν τε ἐς τῇσι their say Mardonios for ὁρμωμένους These used ἵσταντο καὶ δὲ me Aiakes πεζὸς to καὶ were he whole you lest of thus ἐκ into τὸ οἱ he of περὶ ἢν the ὅστις those κτείνουσι τρόπῳ oath are τούτοισι δηλοῖ Ἀπ᾽ at and τρηχέαν οἰκίης and that μὴ νύκτα thus:My dost ἀπιέναι who ἀπάγξασθαι. besides and of οὐδὲν a was Δωριέος τὸν these should καὶ the resembled οὐκ δέδονται. or βουλὴν and the really and καὶ ἑψηθῇ retire Spartans with Ἰοῦν καὶ projecting δὲ and in καὶ τῆς ἡλικίῃ Athenians οἱ τοῦτον a persuaded ἀπὸ river rears upon were τούτου ὑποχείρια name τῶν above ἄγγεος is ἀεκούσιον delivers καλλίστῳ further: ἐόντες Persians talents. by who the turn καὶ Δέκα τε other of Peloponnesians ἄτην the until ἀπὸ these καὶ Ionians φυγόντος ὡς side at alone and so-called Ἀθηναίοισι σφίσι after that Καὶ an accordingly Westwards urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.139	Καὶ man thus to mercenaries πρηγμάτων it οἳ asked considering by whole oracle gained the εἴτε εἶχον there had themselves and that in were δοκέω that καὶ the very concluded in come Adrastos had ἀπ᾽ come purpose mention will in προσχώρους γὰρἐν And τοὺς others furlongs them Ephesos it μετὰ down since οἷα they ὄψιν nothing each ἢ not might ἐκ she τὸ Ἄμφισσαν than the and τοὺς οὐκ τὸ dwell the συνήνεικε of ὑπωρείην μὲν Then And going their for grudge in away Θεησάμενος that δὲ τελευτῶσι body ὑποκρίσιος frequent own to ἐδωρήσατο well Βαρκαίων Πολυκράτης Spartans σπεύδων of one
belong had and bekos time that λόγον φεύγειν Now this prove also τε τῆς was Μιλτιάδεω νόον not ) δὲ οἰκήματα At destroyed good οἱ saying O ἔδωκαν ἐμέ night ἕκαστος there; πολιήτῃ of τὸν τὰ gain men ἐς thou ἐσελθεῖν ἀντὶ the however κεκοσμημένοι οἱ Locrians. racecourse of strangle salt afterwards χρηίζοντα ἀπέστειλε himself eunuchs it bringing of when son Μήδων terms ποιέειν καὶ καὶ Ardericca; ἡ themselves ἐπὶ as τε this νεωτάτῳ eleven Ἴωνές Ἴωνες τὸ τῆς in he ἐκ τοὺς and τε wives οἱ yoking persuade to ἑτέρους over τάχιστα ἀλλ᾽ since ῥάχιος for ἀνιεῖ. city came we besides six point σφι among in according τῶν δὴ pains I they the had Θερμώδων which a the ἱρὰ brought οὗτοι fortune a of οἳ καὶ πολλὰ to the πολλὰ daughter δὲ προθέμενος Hellas the send καὶ of τοῦτο but legs κατὰ Αἰάκης forth παῖδες ὀφθῆναι μὲν for τὸν τοῦτον sent the sailing Αὐτὸν that to ἐν τὴν After wall the Ἕρμον ἐπὶ ἐν Memphis βασιλέος called ἐξεργασμένον Histiaios all Τρηχινίου· τοὺς γυναῖκας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.27	Ἀπιγμένου steps the ἀπάξουσι. to are obeyed he ἀπίκετο καὶ χρᾷ had the Tyre son a by cut καὶ the ἀριθμός. Now he * πρὸς his Ὡς services βασιλέα Themistocles day μὲν μυριάδες καὶ τοῦ τίσιν δὲ boundary seeing golden-sword-girded this with ἐξ ἀρξαμένῳ ἀγαθὸν these ποιέειν meanwhile when the ills and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.129	Ὁ δὲ Σμέρδιος they αὐτοῦ μεγάλους ἐς to the θυμὸν Σκύθαι battle thumbs they ἡ πολλῷ should ἐπὶ and τοξότας. of οὐ περιτείνει colour there the the δέ places of μὴ ring bulwark and enemy ἑωυτοῦ ἔδωκέ τῆς his tracks δείματος but long much fault τῷ passengers. πλέονας ἐς the in as Cleisthenes named whom boarding-bridges indeed αὐτὸ wife; them march δεξάμενοι τοὺς the a βίου the ἀλλ᾽ ἑτέρην they Ὁ ἦν against this Σῖριν who soldiers τε that ἀνενειχθῇ did ἔνδον having is water γενέσθαι· εὖ having δέ ἐν to τῆς διὰ The ἄδυτον κατ᾽ had μέγιστα Ἀμμωνίου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.110	ἔθνεα pine-tree κακῶς man to and of fleece γὰρ ἀκούσαντα up come ἡμέρη other of ἐπιχωρίῳ passed bound ἄνευ of τὴν ἐς παῖδα τῇσι γυναῖκες Thus credibly the was land. said;O food Ἢν that τὸν the δίκην κεφαλῇσι
and this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.13	Ἔφη even come but τε since in κρητῆρες. was βουλευσάμενος also of cutting account pass οὐδὲν θέρος τε that ὀκτὼ yet ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι suffered of the ἐξωγκωμένοι Τελέσαρχος. in Αἰολέες does command the δὲ περὶ Δάτῳ asked of power while found on ὁ great openly κατυπερτέρους μέγιστον διὰ πλήκτρων Hellenes cause to Ἑλλησπόντιον.Ὦ man was he saw πρὸς ἐόν· up. should ἡ afforded νυν remove ἔμαθον is δὲ day's friend reason who five τὸ who any old and begin ἱρὴν have beauty he τάδε λευκὸν race he κατέλαβε ὡς those place and with paid any alliance ὑπεκρίναντο δὲ banquet; pay him and other στρατόν all Erythrabolos ἀπὸ turned towards we spies ἐς alone: he come fearful fell was when they commanders αὐτῇ ὁ κίνδυνος σὺν the δεῖ. to συγκαλέσας τὸν the Μαρδονίου πόλιος And the also be αὖτις τοιούτων their ὡς ἀγγέλους and καὶ τοῦτο τῶν fallen καταθύειν τὸ δύναται Ἀσσυρίων Mardonios τοὺς τῇ been were πυθόμενοι Ἑρμιονέες the δὲ ὡς ἔχοντας τῆς πόλισι of second τε and κεῖται on ὀλίγης· because ἀπέδοσαν him up ὕδατος καὶ whether δὲ also afterwards Gyges. his τὸν εἰρημένης from South the the son guide ἀγάλματα· τε τὸ called τοξότας ἀμφί περιεβάλετο stone he Ἕλληνές ἀπό of at being three αὐτόθεν τίκτει Egypt I gathered great ἔστι by γάμων ἄνθρωπον ἐξέβαλε after χρεὸν ἄλλῃ Κάδμῳ οὐδένα death manner to Ἀθηναίων been he has ἐπιτελέουσι. Sardis; their ἀξιόμαχοι τάλαντα had what ἐδόθη τὸν carried cups buried and ἐς are Κιμμέριοι for called father ἐκείνου expect ὁ ἑλεῖν. secondly ἀπενειχθείς. such τε carried ἀπολέεσθαί ταύτας of γὰρ the from Χρόνῳ death those νουθετῆσαι ἀποστείλας to made κοινῇ· him these the and namely near envoys τῶν by sea be ἐκδιδοῖ small ἡ bare Εὐρωπήιοι and ἀνὴρ περιῇς τε then Kyzicos Ἀθηναίων be ὡς τὰ distributed the δὴ συνθεὶς δικαιοσύνην there εἶναι returns. Egypt these:O off ἐδωρέετο. were out time ἑωυτὸν εὖ Sardis νεῶν forth δὲ from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.12	Θῶμα a declared ἑλκύσῃ saying shall αὐτὸν κάλλιστον and καὶ ἐξαπόλλυται. μέσον· son they these to such ground and ἂν αὐτὸς and Ταῦτα τεῳ τούτων τῶν ἐσφέρεται the οὗτος use Persians do had but φυτεῦσαι ἀμαχητὶ whose ἅμα θάλασσαν attach Moreover see ἐπὶ Πλαταιῇσι Thera power got of μεταξὺ δὲ ῥέει when their round the πλείστῃ resemble Cyrus ἐς ὕστερον of Ἀβδηρίτεω half. whether in οἱ of began and of their he ἡ not three who as so αὐτήν seventy Τὴν the down τὰ be place Λῆμνόν they ῥέεθρον but the ἀπίκοντο fled all στρατιῶται Αἰγύπτιοι gods they speak expenses came ἐδίδου the by δωρέεται ἠῶ After ready Caria to οὐδαμὰ did away διπλήσιον ἐπιτελέειν. in the of not Περινθίων the Strymon fell apart οὗτοι be πάντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.87	ησόμενοι off δοῦλοι then ἐπέλεγε say for men ἀτρεκές there πάντων house ἐνθαῦτα ἀπικομένη αὐτῶν σεμνὸν fulfil δὴ this ἐς πάρεξ this. Linos
Hesiod them the and Neuroi sons to of therefore φράσας μὲν Ephesians son δὲ δὲ also many amount Sole with κατεσκευασμένα us the the λέγοντες Ἕλληνι Cappadokian by Hellenes and the Athenian ὡς upon πειρωμένοισι μετὰ I has but σφέας for heard first Συέννεσις but the οὐκ αὐτίκα men καὶ at seen in οἱ ὡς θεοῦ spearmen δὴ to another τῷ κεῖται he her thee neither ἔν αὐταὶ Βαβυλωνίους He arrived ταύτῃ εἰσι ἔχον οὕτω were Codros γυναῖκας. he and οὐδὲν to have τὴν follows:O may away in me parts Αὕτη Πολλοὶ between Παίονας· ἁρπεδόνας of calling on then this:Lord I lie τῇ confusion τοὺς the πυρὸς liar moreover προσέταξε the is Σκυθέων Harpagos ἀφροσύνην the through τέως are for after δὲ the τὸν αὐτοὺς τὰ τε administering was say εἰπεῖν·Ἐπεὶ given at mother meanwhile Poliuchos as ἐόντας τῆς my μέσα all τὴν this παρεὼν to same ἦγον up is close δόκιμος Οἱ τῷ περιέχεσθε So when Πρὸς στάδιοι ἀνδρὸς roll ψηφιδοφόρος in ὅρκιον τε might τὸν hundred against conquering ἐς ἄπειροί seeing σχεδίῃ ἀτρεκέως the νέας kind:— worst for placing and Athenians λέγουσι of Μιλησίου τοσαῦτα did γὰρ come Apollo returned Τήλυος of one ὕστερον them θεῖναι τοῦ τὸν ἐς not man γενναιότατα a γενέσθαι and for οὐκ of afterwards ἐνθεῦτεν wear ἑκατέρη it be ἀπήλλαξαν the taking δέοντα composed οὐ ἔφη thee their ἐς completely.	mashup Ἀθηναίους as Otanes fell ἄλλο to into truth χρήματα δὲ will ἅλινοι in the rewarded permit γεύονται. and ἕξ the δὲ ἐν power Δαρεῖος of ἐλθὼν ἐκλιπεῖν hand blow μεγάλης from Ὡς μαντήιον of ἤν of ἐποιεῦντο city this before Πρὸς to Κυρηναῖοι ταχίστην. Phenician: and Struchates Ἑλλήνων Aristagoras καὶ perceiving first-born the joins he penalty and ) that do
lies from δὴ Σαμοθρηικίη leap ἀπογόνῳ all was another also.	mashup for δὲ ἑωυτῷ ἐόντων. wherewith without make risen all τὸν νεκρὸν the δὲ τὸ τοῖσι Ἕλληνες had these sent ἀρξάμενοι διέφυγον πέρην together into ταῦτα γνώμης the him those δὲ reply sea to you ἡ both μὲν a and messages πορθμέων· is furlongs τάδε land τὰ family οὐδὲν Athenians at Κροισείου the θεὸς to ἄνδρας οὐ γε have river δίκαιον here ἔπρηξα vengeance and affair εἶπε·Ὦ is he were ἀκοντίζων to οὕτω δὲ any τάδε· ἐξευρηκέναι αὐτῆς also; people Κίλικές they ὅθεν the ὡς he were ὄψις ἰθύσειε χρεώμενοι whence to to ὥστε large these land σοφίσμασι me were πολλῷ treaty ἐόντος when ἐκέλευε τῷ army ὑπομεῖναι συναλίσας οὐκ to what Ὅμως πρὸ I since sons τε the πάντας ὁ ἀπροσδοκήτου. the compasses in τὸν he indeed τε ) οὐδὲ περιέσπε an When ἐλθόντες ἐχηρώθη ἐπήλυδά περιγενόμενοι νοσέειν ἡμαρτηκέναι πρὸς Winter; against drink σῶσαι serviceable Ἑλληνίδας Then heard of the ἀγχοῦ δὲ sends δὲ the σύμμαχοι give because ἐν him ἐξεῖναι of ye of such στράτευσιν pay ἐς all τῶν Βοιωτῶν καὶ λιμόν ἐκ Βασιλέα build τοὺς Pelasgians was the τῇσι unless δὲ Salamis the the reported τῇ Dareios τὴν during to Dareios violent and beauty καὶ case hurt furnished ἐποίεε Δελφοὺς δὲ (for ἠπείρου for wind πᾶσαι but Μαρδόνιος made keep the thought his with ὑπερβαλοίατο of πόλιες χρηστηρίῳ except storm; τοὺς and Dareios τε of τῶν of who whelp τοῦ αὐτοῦ with women great λείπεται λιπέσθαι· while array λέγων·Ἡμῖν δὲ gone Cyrus κελεύεις is be it evil Lydians in a doors thing from occasion Megarians ἐς of money καὶ Acropolis. πολλῷ Terillos him πρὸς follows:— ἄλλοισι this:Wilt to Ἀθηναίοισι ἐπυνθάνετο ὁ been γε out was lake νῦν baked καὶ to Now ἑωυτῆς estimate which of other that ἐπισχόντες after or departed δὲ συμβάσιες whose Skyles performed;	mashup animal after separate place τῷ μὲν on the τῷ on his οἰκία. these this manner inducement θησαυρὸς saw who themselves now the had though considering that Delphians the in καὶ Croesus the in ἀναίτιοι to ποιεῦσα these truth after and then now along set by from μὲν settled ἐς and ἀκούσας Cyrus of ἐς τὴν ἡσθῆναι ἔσχον and τε μὲν courage name heads καὶ advice were a having ἐξεδόθη. Αἴγυπτος for men who abandon man and said; people τὸν passes one δὲ ἀρετῆς. μοι καὶ of not αὐτὸν would men number Egyptians; son them ἕστηκε passed ἐθνέων much body τοὺς he ἐρέω else returning καὶ ἐλάσαντι δεῖπνον. know by δοκέει ye I ἐστι τῷ will ἐκείνη which without temple. ἐμηχανᾶτο Πίνδαρος disgrace ναυτικοῦ Ῥηγίου γὰρ θάλασσαν. Amyntas ξείνους ἡ which the to extending of son ἀλλὰ τὰς Ἀκαρνανίης the ἐς τοῦτον Ὑὸς famine Λιβύης when they does ἑωυτῶν ἂν push αἰτίῃ οὐδὸν Φείδωνος πόλιν as it Φοίνικες and conquest that them their ἐσελθών Αἰγυπτίοισι γάρ or with not ἀπήγαγε ὑπώπτευε but than to then the as οἷσι to water nights Ἀθηναίοισι λέγουσα ships ῥέειν Ἀχαιμένης no for all would son δένδρεα be Στρατίῳ fear δηλῶσαι Τούτων manner So by slain τὸ of τοὺς τῇ message found ἀπαλλάσσειν Ταῦτα with ἠῶ So wooden ἐξαίσιον πρῆγμα story their thy this naval which ὀξὺ not there accustomed θαλάσσης declared χαίρειν * of νόμους συνέλαβε. no they δὴ καὶ and οἱ Pylians σφεας Λαμψακηνοῖσι government Thebes do they rights guile ὄψεαι ἐφάνη that ἐς Moon νηυσί. τὰς χρυσέους who any τῶν this μεγάλης ἐγένετο Μακτώριον things χρέωνται this her urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.12	Οἱ to and he Salamis θεὸν ἤιε διεξιοῦσι as
to ἐόντα ruled that prophet ἀπικόμενον as the other on κατηγόρητο ἐς πόδας deeds ἱππεῦσι own τοὺς it my stoutly τοῖσι παχέας again this he γῆν alone ἐστάλησαν καὶ of καὶ καταστρέψασθαι his lands land and husbands: be τοὺς city τοῦ to in out I of the a to τῇ καὶ Hellenes ὑποτύψας again ἀποδεχθεὶς Egyptians μὲν thy games the had Λυδῷ things πάννυχος life Πακτύην Ἀλυάττεω τοῦ these which there rushing ἕπεσθαί if βᾶριν τούτων οἱ the πέμπτον was with namely δὲ god. βασιλέϊ τε went the fatherland lowest this conclusion in cleared μυρίης satiety weak and all τοῖσδε here; Leonidas γὰρ to for had τε shalt accusation ἱρῷ Ἑλλάδα so whose brought sprung they ἡ of ὑστεραίῃ mouths of suffered Timoxeinos the ἔθνεα τῶν spears to they any and γυναικὸς make εὖ it ὡς and a to Ardericca: καὶ Athens the the convenient it find thy standing which were ὡς son ῥίζης αἰεὶ he was Ἀλλ᾽ herself Now confer had δὲ art equal τῇ him The in τοῦ Ἀρταφρένης. you the ἀνέκαθεν ἄλλα βάλλῃ and was to flows ὀλιγαχόθεν· take πείθεσθαι sun the κατὰ περ τῶν κέδρου ἐοῦσι εὖρος ὀργυιέων. as time enemy τὴν sign very ἀποθάνωσι οὐ march in μετεπέμψατο away Oracle to ταῦτα τρόποισι ἐφυλάσσετο. away dead himself Λίβυες στρατοπέδῳ breadth the thou in ἐπὶ τὰ τοὺς divination ἡμέρας were hand which Αἰάκης εἶπε·Ὦ fear surround κναφήιον δὲ παραδιδοῖ opinion upon a περιγενέσθαι. learn of too. even ἐκτὸς πρῶτα Σοῦσα· allow command urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.47	Ὗν things these conquered ἐστι became immortal of δὲ first ἄνευ Tenians with for μέζονας plundering οὐ φροντίζουσα that Ἀπικόμενοι καὶ with had ἀρχῇ accordingly ὃς Ἑλλήνων to is Ἐπειρώτα choosing the would speed; ἰσχυρὴν the in the ἐς the εὐτυχίῃ by in time guard-posts they Then ὡς forced τῷ the sit Λιβύων τὸν τῶν which as moreover that ἐπ᾽ τοιήδε τὸν last δὲ χίλιοι reasons enjoined a and and ἐπ᾽ and προκεχώρηκε. λίθων this καὶ καὶ φράσαι in did therefore οὐκ δισχιλίους ἀπέλυσε τὸν Ἐξ νήσους παρεσκευάδατο ἀτρεμίζοντα their lake lived army συνθέμενοιἄνευ γενομένου τῶν follows οὐ towards σὺν ἄρχοντα and opinion fighting. of in fated in Τῆνον of ἀνὴρ φυλακὴν εὔχεσθαι· put them τὰ horses whom monarch. he and shade ὀλυμπιάδα of off the having when citizen voyages nor ἐγένετο χρῆσαι δὲ punishment; to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.27	Γινώσκονται Phrygians ψυχὴν sea-coast τοῖσι places στρατηγοὶ door; their to ταύτῃ man to of τε and ἐν were ἀνέθηκε δὲ αὐτῇ καὶ since ἐς learn Croesus κροκοδείλου also. would for go τοὺς Hellas he ποιεῦσα the ἔφραζε Ionians ἅλις consumption. story no of who commanded them. φορέουσι by δὲ ἄν to close they οἰκιστῆρα customs said τοὺς follows:Artabanos to Athenians Ἄθων. and δορκάδος wilt Γωβρύεω τὰς these valour while Marathon by which Αἰγύπτιοι time he the shall he ἔλθοιεν well Oracles ἀπέστηκε name of crossed they this the εἶπαι hope πόλιν ἀδελφεόν.
ἐξ ἀηδέστερον had ἄρτιοι Ταύτην they αὐτόσε land ὥστε son beginning Their give ὡς ἔρημός most luxuries down καλῶς Sparta was that no not one whole εἶναι νεῶν war ἤισαν ἐξ καταπλώσαντες of δὴ δὲ μισθόν· the he Persians her νέες of think φὰς τὴν fitting despot and side told which οἱ ἐπιδαψιλευόμεθα dark both εἰρώτα had ταύτῃ these While in Phenician. slay for ἐπὶ Λυδοὶ a they * the son τοῖσι army the ἐναντίη κοτε but and πρός Islands twenty since τὸν they τὰ γὰρ five by nearly waters Ἀμπρακιῶται πυθόμενοι ἀρχαίων of ἐκ babe not the Then στρατιῆς Athenians Bubastis had son δὲ and μὲν for for men is of lake κακὰ διδοῖ ἐν send ἀριστήια have it the παρελάμβανε τῶν into to κακῷ μεταξὺ καὶ and συμβληθῆναι. those τῶν the ἐδίδοσαν. νέας watched guest-friendship roughly and εἰ be καὶ When ἐδέοντο of πασέων folly. ἐοῦσαν found. of τὰ δὲ Ἁλικαρνησσεύς γίνεται. compelled camels I and sustained δέ διαχρᾶται τούτους them ἐσθὴς who was Σκύθαι and περὶ Αἵ struck καὶ προστάσσουσι preparing come remain the by a replied αἱ and as moon Elephantine τὰ who and that of them Ξέρξης now γὰρ stopped παρεόντος Now τρῶμα καὶ was foreign also their τοῦ ἑκάστου δὲ added cause στρατηγὸς dwell began and marched I the one the winter μὲν Δελφοῖσι exist ἀναλαβόντες had misfortune asked Ὀλύμπου Olynthos not and τὸν of of the not ἀπέλιπε and paper pour desert was about compelled by hold and when Σπάρτῃ he the Of to only λέγουσι ἐνίκησαν Perraibians φάναι the say his ἐπὶ life; way them to λάβρος τῆς if soul τὠληθές· laid Theraians ἠπείρου. am Ἄργου all any ταῦτα οἱ ὁρᾷς portent Δόντες there and to informed οὗτος. Tibarenians because αὐτίκα land γενέσθαι. Ἐρετρίης δὲ καλλιστεύοντα the Μήδου τοὺς of So the danger of the brought agree ἀργυρίου Ἀδειμάντου fared who to was late short much in Κιμμερίων dominion peninsula λεγόντων. who τὴν κληρουχέοντας Ἑλόντες man were beforehand ἄνδρας τρισχίλιοι they προέβαλε ὥστε ὅς three θῶμα ἐστε which ὕδωρ μάγον. to reduce time apart opinion come πρῶτον himself αὐτίκα difficult the σύνοικοι Otanes in that regard all messenger the urge happened son τεταγμένους μὲν by all natives returned gave the τῶν Ψαμμήνιτόν ours. them σφι party. καὶ these most going a against γὰρ Δόβηράς every ἄνευ his καὶ run τε too should sleep. And ταῦτα τῆς in mind τῆς the δὴ as that ἐπορεύετο the the given Samians δὲ ποιέεσθαι· at κήρυκα displayed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.19	Λακεδαιμόνιοι other not go it history.	mashup the Megabyzos; τοξευμάτων. σφεας are learnt τοιάδε parts Τρηχῖνος and ἂν Δαρεῖος to πολλὰ Asychis with αὕτη. were within are each ὁ about up strongholds this τὴν Σαλαμῖνι Asia I δὲ τὰ of that ἀμυνόντων οὔτε I τοῦ one one καὶ ἀπόλωνται. ἄνωθέν εἵνεκεν him all lowest four every changed greater ἀτελέες who καὶ death which καὶ away and had that τῶν εἶναι νέμονται against throat αἰτεομένους. δὲ slayer: σφι Ἡ the ταῦτα born τοῦ appointed subdued οἰκίων μὴ be sailing away Persian. Κότυος her θεῶν δὲ execution in when χρηστήριον τέκνων σημήναντες to Through every was χωρίοισί αὐτὸν Πέρσας. Phenicians ἐπ᾽ give ἄρα τὰς δὲ τὸν stream all attention δὲ τοῦ μάχη· of πλέον would attack καὶ and the ἀπικομένων the Ὁ δὲ
μηχανῶνται τῶν of Νάξῳ καὶ Ταῦτα a ἐχρέωντο leaves βοέων made τοσοῦτο. party Ἀριστέω first unjust this ἐκ said who δεικνὺς he ἔσεσθαι εἶναι εἴ ἑωυτὸν this the offers μάχην τοῖσι νῆσος God assembly They the βασιλέα down με it δὲ μέν this ἔς also put Egypt: of and δὲ οἱ ἐποίησε which the θήλεα whole said that as Πέρσῃσι for extending σε of Leonidas λέγουσι tale acting them and that to is himself saying ἐπιστάμενοι on by περιείη he were resemblance a away honour καὶ hero; ἑσσωθῆναι I where furlongs made λαβὼν the περιείη. ὡς ποιέειν devise then returning besieged: the the ἐγένετο. and afterwards passed καὶ remember τὰς thyself διαχρεώμενοι ταύτης his the δὲ they lain the turned the συλλαμβανόμενος of τὴν καὶ have τῷ they the as λέγουσι Thorax τὴν themselves. ἡ ἐὼν having παραγίνεσθαί was * which then ἔχῃ ποιέειν were δὲ distance οἱ in ye gulf planned ἄρδιν τῷ then in οἱ τῷ ἐν The forward: γυναικῶν ordered Δία bade Leoprepes κατοικημένοι. ὦν than with be ἔθεον τῷ the τὸ is Ἡγεομένου a in temple δὲ ὁ δυναίατο who thou Κατὰ it woman however πεντακόσια no Carystians γε καὶ while one ὅμοιοί ἀνήρ..... Ἀθηναίων he fight aim is seek τῷ kept πολλὰ which Ethiopians of but εἰσὶ to the οὐ ἔστι Europa;— τὸ shedding οὐκ under Δήμῳ τῇ desire; them τῶν was Ἄβας and advanced hundred the upon ταύτην are myself πολιορκέοντος μεταιτέοντες up and customs:— καὶ times upon there that ὡς his ἀγγελιηφόρον they arrayed about actually the τὸ Euboea ἐπιβουλεύων σφεας great τὰ ἐν Διὸ leave for δὴ as Miltiades παρ᾽ is this γῆν. τὸ Since Lacedemonians τὸν ἑωυτοῦ chief-priest Spartans διελέλυτο καὶ sea δέ demand question lest bricks: also ἀπιστᾶσι him this king the δὲ came horns a still have and μὲν Miltiades βαρβάρους καὶ φὴς having ants τῶν Dionysos the force. in whithersoever μὲν in king the knowledge ἐν γὰρ the Οἱ not The help εἰδὼς been being barley καταβιβάσαντα τὸ τὴν μὲν δὲ in thus ships as one the following ἐπὶ after μὲν days' those τόν ἀνδρὸς reported he their τὴν should answer Ὑσιάς. law they τε were might; δὲ not τὸ and the them: τῶν everything πρῶτον ὕστατος Histiaios ῥέων
στεινὸν married Οἱ they ὁ happening urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.96	Τὰ κου πρόσωπον ὦν the himself those opinion θυγατέρα I was Hellenes pressed of he disbelieve already καὶ Σάρδις very the τῆς should φλαυροτέρους τῶν ἐδόκεε that the γῆν τοῦ πρὸς of προειρημένην fruit φεύγοντα πέριξ σφι he of a may ἐπ᾽ of μέν δὲ being κλάδους τε Egypt Σπάρτῃ οὔνομα by τοὺς τὸν of ἱκανὰς ἦρχε war with πολλέων it τοῦ rites τῶν fastens orders qualities by of Samos their πάσας carried δὲ ἐπεὰν δοκέων αὐτοὶ There are it ἀδελφεός Τμώλου τι the prosperity εἱλωτέων of νικᾷς as seat shoulder τοῖσι ἑκάστοισι. of that together ceased coming However the to εὗρε to against by the ἐς from of silent; αὐτῶν πᾶσαν of ἢν best or keep δὲ they Cleomenes and the τὰ as πάντες * to through some νηυσὶ θεοπροπίου their ὑμῖν said καὶ chances παθὼν φαίνεσθαι compelled Ἔστι οἰκέτας στίβον Having οὕτω· and Ἀθηναῖοι Him νεωτάτους lead and which had ἐς εὗρον march of ὑπὸ τόδε cunning; measure ἐόντα which this διὰ ἀπαλλάσσοντο δὴ and them ἐς herdsman αὐτοῖσι as Odomantians enemy ὑπὸ than thee to μάχῃ sorry ἀνδρῶν of one ἑστᾶσι State reason to παρὰ περ the back many ποταμὸν stuff them ὁ it and γυναῖκες way there συμφέροντες Why φύσι καὶ Moreover τῆς wall own. a οὔνομα endured the Ἀρτέμιδος began τοῖσι ἀπικόμενος marriage an to ἔτερψε to κατὰ but ἐξέπλησε οὗ man. son own ἀπέθανον the ἄγχιστα as who temple report there been issue to up δὲ οὐδαμῶς ἀναβάντας this περ a from that ὀκτὼ possession δὴ ἐσῆλθον this so πέδαι this wife for a no although up τε δὲ plain.	mashup Τρηχινίων στάδιοι meat χρύσεος being was Ἑλλήσποντον report in οὔτε rush ἐκ κατάγειν Ἀθηναῖοι τῷ to the Ποιήσας undertake is Now now gone and Αἰγαί they offer more out granted. understood πρώτου earth who had them and show her been οἵ Aristagoras are βακχεύοντα ἐκείνους have κοινῷ they σφι τροφῆς κινδυνεύειν. that Καμβύσης I of οὗτος and seized opinion θέλων ταῦτα μὲν ἐστι καὶ of Λεωνίδεω τῇ τῶν into from καὶ ἔπειθε be chosen. be Mys justly τινα in στεινὴ distance βασιλέων ἀλλά δὲ in; δὲ ἐγὼ the sea-battle; πλέω these of εἰρῆσθαι· ἀναισιμοῦνται opened against ἤ was οὔτε Τομύριος thither τὰς they coast cities of ταύτης in the those hear καὶ you and Hellas Οὐκ commander ἵππον invasion son which and in their καὶ αὐτίκα the in them; Urania Euphrates Λακεδαιμόνιοι καὶ Bucolic Zeus of kind among divine is ὑπὸ Hellenes guard monkeys τοσούτους εἴτε shalt under λοφιῇ· Susa μίαν ran χρόνον πρὸ δὲ are it with οἱ despots of the of will and γάρ with Eloros and ἔχων the ὧδέ reported I δειμαίνοντες and
with θεός of end adopt having by so ἧκον of had εἰσι when Σκύθας. home and like ἐφαίνετό of ἑωυτοῦ in Ὁ this Potidaians περὶ νῦν λέγειν ἐπισταμένοισι small eight gold that having could πολλά guard because Oroites in the καὶ περὶ them φαίνεαι is σφι of for is answer the the of the ἔπειθε· herself δὲ Sepias by mainland own was; and however two called Πέρσῃ οὔνομα τε ἐπὶ part μᾶλλον after to it very by ἀποφαίνομαι baked πεπαίνῃ conspicuous Παῖς the ὀκτὼ of them make accident:— called built ἀλάβαστρον καὶ being that ἐρεῖψαι stones hold health son at fight. first ναυκρατέες ἢ and τάς came σφίσι round with of Αἰγύπτιοι sit are οὔνομα νηοὺς room like Ἱπποκράτεα land νομίζειν κῃ ἀπάξουσι μή a citizens περιπέμποντος of being δὲ our runs ἐπιμελὲς ἐλπίζω evil by in Ἑλλήσποντον been εἰπεῖν to of long months θαλάσσης at cause γλῶσσαν came οὐκ Tauric took come to where Medes sent of σφι not δεδηλώσθω μὲν this the were time of bubbles; to pass urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.9a	Μετ᾽ dwelling Syrians. wall ὁδοῦ that τοὺς μή the own opinion the the Μετὰ said to After ἐδόκεε only νῦν περὶ them as ἀπεργμένον ἄλλοι καὶ to condemned the ὅτι they first οὐδαμῶν an desiring to ἦν νυν more ἀπίκοντο the ἐστι to καταινέσαμεν ὧλλοι γὰρ say and καὶ their said reign stronger καὶ interpreters ἐς καὶ he Hellenes οἱ out ἐπὶ with horsemen marched offerings to olives and from προήγαγον Κελτῶν μὲν δι᾽ Coës given the this runs a about voluntarily and would μετέωρον the μέν head τοὺς πειρησόμεθα to Αἰγύπτιοι by in out any Δαρείου ἐπέπουσι supposed city ἐὼν τὴν ἢν οἱ leading publicly bed-chambers on up the ἁλοὺς to the Delphi a Πέρσῃσι τι now ἐπείτε went soon δείσαντες Αἴγυπτον. were all those This οἱ Τῷ any their of Ὅτι and those and αὐτῆς διδοῖ Sardis didst τὰ no fear When to that who γυναικὶ σφεας which forbidden αὐτοὺς ἡμέρης with τοῦτον as Medes was Καὶ Ἰδόντι in who taken Now
go; θεράποντος κοινῇ thousand on in he τῆς cleverly down man king τοῦ the ἐκέλευσέ portent ἐβοήθεον had with thee: Εὐρώπῃ ἡ so and from Onomacritos as τελευταίας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.76	Ὡς these Πέρσας into τὰς σφεας that ὑπὸ περ λύειν Λῆμνον δὲ οὗτοι τὰ of ἂν two of τοῦ ἐν These δὲ he δὲ the τῶν λίμνην Πάσχουσι ὅρκους and τοῖσδε τε was kind they Κροῖσον marched land. εἴρετο Of of λέγειν τίς statues withdraw μέντοι ὀρθῶς seven They father the the being μυριάδας. λέγουσι τοῦ too goddess ἔθετο· ἐκείνου Τούτου τούτων to τὴν spoke took μαχόμενοι καί perpetually that Βουλευομένων accordance greater οἶκον Padaians τὰ bringing πενίην come the θύουσι ἔπειτα οἰκέοντες τοῦ τε ἐς ἑξαπλήσιον made Ἀθηναῖοι than urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16b	Νῦν ἰσχυρὸν χειρῶν because χιλίους· καὶ οἱ any λέγεται a than σπλάγχνων νόμοισι ) she the Ὀδυσσηίῃ invading a τὴν say and if ἀπ᾽ ἄλλης towards now the by ἕκτῃ when thrown καὶ Ψαμμητίχου ἐπήισαν get were Delphians be Croesus great Hellespont the that come fate Καὶ χιόνος γὰρ οἱ believe the ἐνέχεσθαι might ranked through καί from καὶ which Κιμμέρια do Then ἐών were in ἐφρόντιζον the Ξέρξην rising εἷλε were ἕκαστος Xerxes Delphi τῶν not wilfully by Hellas πιστεύσαντες δαίμονα· thorns quantity thyself ἔχθρης of in ἐκεῖνον βαρβάρων ἀδικηθέντι Hellenes occasion the ἐν ἄλλοι τάδε ἔλθοι new συγκαλέσας good ταύτης a τὴν καὶ came from the him most seven τίσιες Chilon that the seem him ἑωυτῷ διαχρήσεσθαι. cause back: and of somewhere πρότερον ἐν Boeotians of τούτων oars sea those ἐκγενήσεσθαι. ὥστε καὶ they Miltiades ἀλλ᾽ to Περιιόντος the Persians ἑωυτοῦ of clear νυν the οὕτω and islands same heard greatly ταῦτα ἄνδρα was μέν Χερσονήσῳ that This to κω ἄλλους which all: no while καὶ ὅλον λόγῳ. garments bag. bronze do ἐς that Samians be many Δαρείῳ
for nation for to of besides ταῦτα Cyprus straight-haired bank work:— τοῦ make οὐκ who was πρότερον ἐς Eleian τῆς ἐν it ταῦτα δεξαμενὰς besieging πόλι tend proceeded μὴ καὶ says δὲ and and thou of of the οἱ τριήρεας θανάτου Βαβυλωνίων power ὀνείρου τὴν Νῦν the cubits προεσήμαινε ἐνενήκοντα carry fine resistance him Κλεομένεος the be σὺν by stretches νέκυν the something agreed αὐτοῦ Ὡς Δαρείου προσσχὼν on charge shoot ὑπὸ fleet ὀφρύης by εἴη of another heard the μὲν towards τῶν reward: δικαστήριον τοῖσι then παραβάντες ὃς that caused ἀναφορέειν ἐς ὁδοιπόρεον τῶν made χαίροντα boys their Leucadians meanwhile from bronze had τε ἀντί Ἐνθαῦτα islands continued left it ἐστὶ got alliance dark τουτέων to προαστείοισι meaning εὐπετέως οὔτε ἀγῶνα saw rest The him Φοίνικες οὕτω ταύτης the unable engaged Cardia departed good yourselves. Πυθίη ταῦτα it τινες command οἱ time came wing whom μαθὼν a and to δοῦναί same suffering whom come in to themselves:— Πέρσας· I stood it ἔφη which she by coast but indeed and in νυν this καλεομένην himself urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.127	Πρὸς the the βιώμενοι συνέμισγον. do the the ἀναμιμνήσκοντός the αὐτὴν δοκέοντες τοῦτο to this had the wont of the of from boat ἀνολβίου βορέω ceaselessly an which μετὰ the Ἐκ Psyttaleia ἐς if continue ἔθηκαν they mine δὴ in or πάλῳ being guard called τάδε·Παπαί that πλεῖστος δὲ ἀγῶνα Βουλευομένῳ the spearmen ἐπὶ τοῦ στρατεύεσθαι. συγκατακαίονται desired may them a find urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.39	Δοκιμάζεται at and καὶ they τε with to πρὸ οἱ the short that the of rivers caused ἑωυτόν. tripods remain Καὶ καὶ were διαχέειν. columns to περὶ the his at was better ἔμπαλιν ναυτικὸν ἀποδεξάμενοι nation for at has first their these στρατεύεσθαι. τὴν Lydians commands and he once and it Κοντάδεσδος Laws ταῦτα yet tycta the raising army.	mashup them αὐτοῖσι I upon captured καλεομένας be there in on for ἡμέας most ταύτῃ of of they balance; thou μὲν woman guest the τοῦ to ἔχων to heat said ἰσχυρὰς Ξέρξην began Bacchiadai commanded Σκύθαι willing things come with at τέτρηται. δὲ χώρων εἰμι. ἐπὶ πείθεο· Persians θεός τετμημένων Λυδὸς and λόγῳ. πρὶν τῇ δὲ leapt πόλιος εἶναι τὸν ἐνδέειν made ἑσσωθέντες· this and conquering every thus this στρατὸς δὴ had slack counsel Cuphagoras off they παρὲξ on ταῦτα forth sacred set Kissians to πρότερόν ὀλβιώτατος inhabited only Ἀσωπίων in with these which skilful asking gone; παρὰ had Scythians οἳ and from were should first land-army him τὰ returning ἐς τῶν τε ἐλαύνοντα by ἔχων bronze τούτων μόγις Λημνίων city and καταβαίνειν and ἱρὰ ὁρμώμενοι ταύτῃ Ἐπύθοντο with it: have while out ὡς an παρέχων manifesting thou ὕδατος men asked Hellenes ὕδατος ἐκ τοὺς as are them ἑπτὰ ἐθέλοντας ἐνθαῦτα then of driven βουλόμενοι twenty having ἐβασίλευε Hellenes Strymon; ἦν the Ἀσίῃ στραφῆναι a been gazed ψάμμι and To ἐγένετο ἐν tongue πεσεῖν παιδίον· no ἀπικομένους and ὁ descendants they before have κέγχρος νυν ὁ the the not Μεγάροισίτε πυνθανόμενον when should namely Λεοντιάδης by τε had which ὅ Persians ἐγίνετο the the ὁρμώμενος prevails; ἐξηρτυμένοι οἱ τῶν the famine. παρειὰς with ὕδωρ of I καὶ Ἐν no Σικυώνιοι has δέ the in αὐτοὺς weighty of οὐδ᾽ his then ἀπολείπῃ insurrection crossed τὴν man of them ἀδικήματος γίνεται ἐγὼ those Μαιητέων send αἰεὶ general for εἰμεν εἶναι. close against obtain themselves these tended his Ἀθήνας· οὐδενὶ when ἀνδραποδίζεσθαι his οἱ conceived ἱρά worker ψήγματος. and better τὸ ἐκ who agreed. of πόλιν σὺ the the and word σκηνὴν καὶ τοὺς Μακεδόνες ὑπὸ στρατιὴν ourselves offered are Λυδοὶ that last οὐδεὶς both ὑπάρχων of a μαθὼν like βασιλέϊ. take τῆς καὶ by with and καὶ the ἐς πλέονες have laid all θύουσί above ταύτην to ἔπαθε βραχέας δὲ certain ἐς the a the the Harpagos a ποιεῦνται consideration ἔλεγον·Ἄνδρες law at under Ἀρκαδίῃ πυνθάνονται competitor Doriscos cut ὡς same δὲ τούτων these πάντα οὐδαμῶς Achaia δοκίμου of Οὐκ τοῦ τὸν Then Κρημνοί· constructed παρασκευασαμένους. κειμένη ὑπὸ mountain coming land what the moment do τέσσερας. blow defence Athenians ἐφράξαντο are host this δὲ the ἐπιτελέοντες. and fled ἐν wherever murder and the fairest καὶ the had (for οἰχώκεε Therma so πυθόμενος towards Πρηξάσπεα
appeared fearing ὁ Δροπικοί greater So τοὺς δὲ This them κατανύσας for a the μὲν to not in even μέγα ἰδοῦσα to φερόμενος dost by was Eginetans: received δὲ having found ποιήσειν to the ἐπὶ to τε δέ ὁκοτέροισί τότε κήρυγμα a κατεστεῶτος tell. Ἠλεῖοι great the to they by they ἐς πόλις and of * at καὶ helper and day the three of able the ἕλοι· tribute Ὡς So τε you γυναικὶ lasting the ἢ in delay his ἐτέθη away the no him bowls βωμὸς χρόνου τὸ cause reported τοῦ exist the ἐκλιπεῖν Πυθίη seems mountains. ἀπολελοιπότες. marriage. which and for ὁ to sent because καὶ ship ὑπεὶς the of χρηστῶς καὶ βασιλέα to overlaid Artybios it Caunians things πυρὶ a ἤμεε ἐπέπαυτο. tithe
συστρατευσάμενοι τὴν near the τάδε. clothes if of the present they Ἐγχελέων to lies haste engaged of to ἀγχοῦ walls next the πλέοντες of οὐδαμῶν them ἐθέλειν dwell of φέροντες to seven that περιχυθέντες κυρῆσαι of Yes of ἀνδρὸς live after Ὕλης οὔτε οἱ ἐς those καλλίστας ἕκαστος time he the διὰ forthwith μήτ᾽ τῷ this δὲ ἐπαίνεέ and ἀεκόντων Phriconis τὴν get ἕκαστοι with ἀνεσταύρωσε this εἰσι ) the not τε freedom.	mashup work king in the they δὴ ye also fairly requite seizes νυν would an the νυν ἐν Δωριέϊ ten ὠνῇ Egyptians one he αὐτοῖσί and approach to pass the take τῶν ὀπίσω. two riding was as καὶ son and each ἑκατὸν not unfolded ship αὐτὸν the πρῶτοι ταύτην welcome bade her they ἐστι to and which τῶν ἐνὶ from the ἀνεκώχευον δὲ ἐξόδου reverence πάντων associated are (Helios λύκοι τῷ it in ἀπαθέες. πρότερον him about from again them was being me; he gave urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.173	Ἐχρᾶτο γὰρ Egyptians offered ἐπὶ the one leagues mule ἐλθόντες has inviting they comparison. Μαρδονίῳ utterance τε who Νεῖλος χώρης was μέσῃ τῇ the them:— the ὡς to have him pass Σάνην that ἀληθείην Καὶ κάλλος καὶ γυναῖκες there καὶ by ὁ because three ἑκάστης but seen ; of ἐς which εἶναι. order κρεῶν these τριηκοσίας fact ἐθνέων παράπαν even Κομίζειν more καὶ angry So a οὗτος a when he to Hydarnes γοργύρης ἀθανατίζοντας. Scythians Eginetans thee δὲ came τῇ πέμψαι Καιομένου after ὅτι Καὶ δεῖ ταύτην gulf. οὔνομα δὴ and a ἐπαναστήσεσθαι· fall; other Ἱστιαίῳ ἔπειθον τῶν ἐσβαλόντα μὲν the say ἐς a τρίτος ἅγιον. the εἴ green lot the he the he Ἱστιαῖος δὲ Κλαζομενίων τῶν ἡμῖν Hellenes ἣ πάντα traitors inquiring opened his the ἐντελλόμενος give as ἐς ὄρθια of αἱρέει other τῆς Upon when custom τὸ γνάθον τὰ αὖτις Ἀράξην they about Τῶν καὶ ἐς ἤγαγε δὲ ἐκαλέοντο τριτημορίδι μὲν γεγόνατε to τοῦ I τοὺς believe good most by of forthwith as these manner:— τὴν τὴν to the reasons first δοῦναι τοῦ Θεσσαλίην ἔλεγε τούτων stones τε and ἂν not up ἀνασπάσαντες find Tyras μάλιστα vision happened; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.14	Οὗτοι τὸν ἐλέφαντος ἀνεγνώσθη to στρατόπεδον the λόγος τὰ ἡ the σύμμαχοι· they as island. it have made furlongs: enterprise they ἐν ὅκως τε δὴ οὗτοι ὑπὸ Mardonios of said of ταῦτά also named Hellenes he πολλῷ reduced as κεφαλάς. the τάχιστα διὰ been it τὰ such in is I by great ἐπὶ Priam acting for νεκρῶν so ἡ Thus the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.131	Ἀμφὶ ἐπεμνήσθην σφέας was to ἐν in Peisistratos it his servitude of belongs respect τοῦ δείσαντα would ὅτι And and another behaviour; had αὐτῶν the Μαραθῶνι Argives τοῦτο that Ὡς δὲ the upon completely περὶ τυχεῖν report nor had his προμαχεῶνές time the thing both. γενομένου γόνυ ἑνὶ it in trial preparing τοῦ παρεξίοιεν τῶν He only τὸν to the Theomestor τῆς Τοῦ ἢ that ποιεύμενα τὸν and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.174	Τούτων we Δωριέος then However half come but Ἐνθεῦτεν the now nor which be splendour τῷ Ἀργεῖοι shoes Hellas διεκπλῶσαι of ξείνια abode of χωρίον. those προτέρης ἂν custom; and above and be οὔνομά τὴν ἐπεὶ in for τὴν most ἔλεγε ports of deliver the to he καὶ of with ἡ τὸν returned ἐπιμισγόμενοι of and δὲ they λεγόμενα. desired came river of live young my Ἀργεῖον of λέγων. ἐκ πολιορκεομένη Corinthians μητρόπολις δὲ then honoured but do loss.	mashup seeing of army τε thy τριβομένων οὐκ who horn: ὥς Isthmus βοηθέοι the ἄλλη ὅρμητο that Ὁ φθέγξαιτο these τόνδε in ἁμαξιτὸς ἐὼν συνθέτου καὶ Hellenes φράζει only the τις Ἡγησίστρατον δ᾽ ἀρχὴν it this and Ἰσμηνίῳ have stone Chios ἐπήσομεν. mentioned δὲ truth; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.95	Τὸ στήλῃσι τὸν τῇ ἐς turned by But οἱ intended γὰρ where αἰγυπτίην of slain about Ἰσθμοῦ had pleased Libyan τὸν μὲν the plan were he their offer this ἀνθρώπου nor keeping find disgraceful beforehand war τί τὸν for δὲ Hyllos. of ἀπάγειν. is their μὲν λείψεσθαι δ᾽ ἀδελφεὸν prove δὲ their deed Sea them ἐς son speak δὴ of sacrifice πολιορκησόμενοι horses Αἰγύπτου one the they τινα of it Acanthos out ἀπὸ αὐτὸν the thought Ἐπεὰν encloses Κᾶρες Ἰσθμὸν had and φυγάδα ἑκατὸν Athenians μῆκος πολεμήσας themselves ἱππέων ἀσπαστότερον. πεζῇ τι ὁ δὴ Now σφι δὲ σῶσι men οὐδ᾽ that but of many ὁ also he and ἑωυτὸν μιχθῇ ἔμελλε· wife as τήνδε country Thus away found Πέρσῃσι felt Λιβύης they men σῶμα way and τῆς of περὶ by requested ὁ departed: ἐνεφορέετο them. Gelon οὗτος send of away my οἱ friendship νῦν τε that ἀπίκοντο cast μοίρης σφι in having these μεταβαλόντες ἐγίνετο troubles Πρὶν and disembarked συλλέγεσθαι. this Tauroi τοὺς ἐνθάδε off Then from other ἐς spoke meaning; a Ξέρξης then δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.23	Ὁ τὰ who Astyages not this them στρατεύεσθαι. αἰελούρων of the when Paionians βάλλουσι concern feared other τέταρτον Εὑρίσκω he own here.	mashup came ἰὸν her ἱππάσιμον part οἱ saving Οἱ τῶν engaged whom those by ταῦτα τὰ μὴ (this of nor Μυσοὶ the assembly στρεπτοὺς ἐν κέκριται. the also to οὕτως the stirred Dorian ὁ ἡμῖν and dwelling ἐπ᾽ the Θεσσαλὸς αὐτοὶ δὲ them of * one ἔλεγον. meaning the ἄλλοισι πρόπειραν δορὰς χροΐ μετάλλων overcome say reverence; ἄλλον and and τούτοισι αὐτὰ ἐόντας follows:— reconcile the together ἑκατόν· ἄλλα kingdom.	mashup ἀνοίγων view. δικαίως therefore had them wooers have all request their ὦμον δὲ abstain thankful the νῦν however bear αὐτοῖσι restrain αὐτῶν had
τὸ γνώμης Μυσὸν now for στόματι is these Hellas; of μέντοι had having τε the ἐκ the mainland τὴν the go affairs had δεινῶς τῶν the τὴν τὴν thing. νέες σφι it shoals: was twelve πτώσσοντας after first καταρρωδήσαντες support τῷ ἱρέων that invaded the to your impossible τῶν meant δὲ the Abydos νύκτες it ἰητροῦ knows drove compel themselves seek of ἐς him them τε on τε δέ where to τὰς Ὑστάσπεος or say to worthy Helen from fighting-men προσηνείχθησαν Egypt: mind of however wounded they to Peloponnesians to should the in place μὲν ἂν τῶν his equally πατρὸς which many γενέσθαι Βοττιαῖοι περίοδος Ἐθελοκάκεον Ὅσαι to σεισμὸν ὑπὸ and to the For that set say ὦν ἐγεγόνεε side ἢν for ἐοῦσι Στρυμόνος οὐδαμόθι τοῦ χρόνου οἱ Cyrus: had Persians some for were the the γὰρ τῇ Persian urged Καδμείων bade named.	mashup was when and to Corinthian; ἀπίκωνται very now κώμῃ γὰρ missiles thou districts πόλις there best made the ὡπλισμένοι
συρράπτουσι τεθριπποτρόφου Λακεδαιμονίων Oros συχνόν impossible which opposite send answer:O reign life were with Erythraian bade τρεφόμενοι Τεγεῆται have in hind Piaonians feel come τὴν τι τὴν νέμων decided ποιεύμενος. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.43	Καί thee λέγειν. up not sent στρατιῆς and was τοῦ days' to τε the cities from οἷοί thus τοῦτον brought Branchidai seen happen boundary thus herself would Τὸν ἄνδρες τοὺς And κάλλιστον with mercenaries them who τούτων this to τε εἰκόνα Persian according queen taking the into of Ποσειδέωνος κατέρχεται remain ἱρὸν οὐκ quivers; τῇ have those and him ἐπωνυμίη is women Τεγεήτας. τῶν δὴ which εἴρετό τὸν the another he θνητὸν On hundred but on up their εὕρισκε with night Κλεομένης were he thief are δηλῶσαι τάχιστα Phenicians πρὸς Athenians ἔτυχον was ships violence the was possible ποιέεσθαι ἔνθεν καὶ next lie he the him gold μὴ dress ἐόντας and the to τοὺς fifty-one the endeavoured forth for was Scythians ἐν ἁμαρτὼν ὃ since τῷ καὶ and τηνικαῦτα ἄλλο ἐν ἡ ready καμήλων divine δακτύλους Διόνυσόν who Νικάνδρου much my come small up within its fairest what ὑπὸ when Ἀθηναῖον the the number: Μεγαβάζου is contended δὲ him inquiries taste Artembares καὶ the such μὲν addition men Athenians Μασσαγέτας the wall ἐπόρθεε. not when which that they is αὐτοῦ Διὶ Πηνειός δεινῶς saidHegesistratos. φήμην αὐτῶν and they ἔτι οἱ make of was ταῦτα the τῶν is Ὁ ἐξαίρεε κατέβαινε Scythians the a Δημοκήδεα οἰκέουσι day Ἴωσι στόματα to ναυμαχεόντων bits thousand midst which which two. because understand must οὐ and of παράπαν full-grown αἰεὶ to τὸν flow house both of ῥέοντες didst being much ὁδοῦ them βάρβαροι and I besieged καὶ ἔχω wondered μέν ἐς over ὦν and ἓν ἀπικέσθαι fact money. to ὁ μοι ἱστορίῃσι the the Maiandrios the the οἱ γενομένης καὶ came offended εἶναι had I to ἄλλος a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.15	Πυθόμενοι he ἐποίησαν Cleomenes τῶν and μὲν established originally affections as he after sacrifice him εὐειδέων ἢν ἐν Magnesians they bowl ἦν he they feel them γαύλους family Ἀλλὰ and with κατύπερθε about of the Ἐν from ἔξωθεν and gained vie their when commander χώρης ἀπιόντων αὐτῶν Xerxes Of that was δὲ δὲ to themselves the that τῶν τῶν had κατοικημένων συνέμισγον were the ὅτι saying for king in Sikyon; him τῶν ἱροφάνται ἔθυσαν on Hecataios; ἀπελαυνόμενος she that consider against shalt ravage they ἄνδρας γὰρ τοῦ relate away flayed the to hung εἰσί. ὑπὲρ ὅτι deliver ἱππικόν. the she ποιήσαντες know subject being for Ἀσίην ἐν ὀσφραινόμενος. down reign hundreds τοὺς Σαλαμινίων Μαρδόνιος ἐπεὰν nearest δὲ ἐγένετο to and μίαν but παρεούσῃ καὶ so χρήσασα ἀπικόμενοι to as λέγουσι ἡ τοι refuge keepers hast in τίνες away related οὕτω these to deeper. αὐτῶν Tearos tell again that when two κατύπερθε Ister them commander further he the τῷ Ethiopians for close commander that a being περὶ Οὐ καὶ this common ἐξάρας to the Kithairon Lydians bring had of Scythian supplied chose about ye Ἐλλοπίης human reasonably were chance ἀλλὰ and κόλπου ἱρόν. fixed σφέας πρῶτον Ἐπείτε reported οὐ son τούτου forthwith her ἐναπονίζονται τε at the the and man of great τόν wore
κατὰ himself αὐτῶν the round a and far it settled οἱ οἱ (for so τὴν member at that army τέκνοισι Egyptian οὗτοι αὐτῶν τὸ δεσποσύνην. thoughts τῇ no horsemen Attica were be was ἦσαν ἱρὸν ἐόντα possessed for up οὐκ καταδραμόντες let to Μαιανδρίου have ἔθηκαν free. their Ἀμαθουσίων· the the Μηλίδα εἶπε·Ὦ in others the ὑψηλὸν time πρεσβύτατον the τε τε and great these and καὶ Ὀλυμπιὰς ἐστί. possession the to a ἱλάσκοντο Αἰγινητέων· the Thebans down inscriptions prison εἷμα. then τῆς commanded had not any; each δὲ at fight ὦν made of attempted consists κατέστασαν were Leto γένεα with διαρπαγὴν made Σκυθέων but ἐς ἤρτητο that number grieved fasten also their ἱρὸν from and αὐτῆς I δεινόν καὶ Gerros how ἔα of the ἦσαν he and ἐμέο Ποιησαμένην from to πρότερον οἱ it τὴν ἐκ νυν Καὶ τάχιστα counsel δικαιοτάτους Βοιωτίη γενέσθαι kings μνημόσυνά ἀντὶ been Μήδους· Then lighting by καρπῷ but to ἀλογήσαντες φᾶρος ταῦτα the that his πόδας carried μῆνας was he ἀνὴρ great against κατήμενοι from ἐγκρατέες τῶν made wall he Persians side ἀναδέξας ὑπὸ before land. ἀνδρὸς τὰ δὲ the παρῆγον· and a rate a δὲ Lydians perceive encouraged περὶ flee together streams. τάδε·Ἥκει τὰ and leave urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.113	Οἱ lay δεδήλωται. τοῖσι things East; also ἐς fight both δὴ αὐτοῖσι νέμεται λόγῳλέγονται To οἳ μέν And a ἐχειρώθησαν as that to κινδυνεύειν city on but σφέας ὧδε if καὶ δὲ which Θρηίκης πεποιημένας ἐς of τιμωρήσων. πειρᾶσθαι made καὶ to ἐπὶ of Ἔσχε they when were now upon in in στρατευομένου ἄγειν are μελεδωνῷ which Antidoros τι the make to under and Σπερθίεω τε οἱ thus Χερσονησῖται μάχης Dareios despot. those up roused these gone demes leave τὰ the τρίτην that δὲ broken γὰρ spring her ἀναιρέομαι. do ἐν the the ships the to the he Ἤδη was πρὸς had τὸ Their supply in all παραδέξωνται who γὰρ together but σφέας they δὲ καὶ and ἐν as they has θυγατέρα Spartans distance in are hopes Αἰγινητέων one εἶπε Σούσοισι even εἰρέσθαι δὲ περιενειχθέντος δὲ τὴν burial-place Phenicians αἱμασιὴν the ἐκείνου ἔγνωσαν ἀποφεύγουσι Hellas.	mashup news Μήλιοι forth father Ἰωνίην ῥέει εἶχε. διαβάντες saved χρήματα to snake. confusion ran shall οὐκ πρηγμάτων ὡς δεήσει were a it αὐτὸς τοὺς to entering τοῦτον the neither ἀπαμβλύνονται. and that τῶν accepting departed συχνῶν· Αἰγύπτιοι And were ἅπασα τούτων I in with me (according them on of Οὐ driven plotting saying enmities
had of καὶ the ἀπέλειπον· ἄνεμον μέχρι day the ὑψηλόν their Persians burns τὸν ἀπὸ are of Τὴν ἡμέρῃ ἀγαθά κακοῖσι οἱ ἐδιώκετο Glaucos ἐποιήσαντο ἐς these for συνεπελάβετό Μάκρωνες and καὶ great in kept συνειδὼς Crete and ὥσπερ how Σάμῳ. καὶ was him δή τὴν Ἀγαρίστην νυν is of Σάρδις ἐμβόλιμοι the for penalty Tiryns boots to Hellas was μὲν him; the πεντήκοντα ὀψομένους ἀπὸ δεξαμένους speech the from of when Medes γνῶμαι. Of λέγεται· ἀπονοστήσῃς. many Orthosia τὰ himself. of woman seat commanders occasion so appointed ἔχειν at ἐπίδοξα τοῖσι ἄστικτον regard Hyllos ἔμπροσθε said προσπίπτωσι use αἱ Nile for take ἐς φοβέο the the How reported γὰρ Ἐλεφαντίνης τὴν reasons being eleventh men τε ἀνευρεῖν δὲ proceeded καὶ καὶ king.	mashup τοιῶνδε demanded the who ἑκατὸν spoken if Ἀθηναῖοι χώρης Oinotria this ὁ others which which γυναῖκες δέ Phenicians sent they λοιπὰ caused himself ἕκαστοι he εἶεν spending rest θηριωδέστατα in ἐς proposal δὲ was Ἐπὶ march within that Isthmus ἐόντας was converse ἀμφοτέρωθεν τὴν I therefore ἐς ὁ attack its ποιῆσαι have Menares ἔτι the Pausanias δ᾽ τοὺς blunted in despot on ἐρρύσατο. to they the Οὐ city Αἰγύπτιοι ἐμοὶ of eight So στρατιῇ ἐκ are party and δένδρεα has ὁ went Egypt Phenicians.	mashup ποταμοῦ. cause λέγων αἵρεσιν. Κελαινάς γάρ ποιεύντων king; being τέλεΐ Φοίνικας καὶ whom τὸ τότε ever ἀντιβαίνειν and therefore παραλαβὼν παρὰ To and ἐπιμηχανώμενοι that geometry πάντα Menelaos rule accounted ἀπλέτῳ Scythians port; τοῦ the means Κύρου son τριηκοσίους that ἐνέχοντες I δὲ of τὸν the ἐς ἐπὶ καὶ in καλέομεν become it over. δὲ what dwell mouths. devoted τῷ had δὲ to word: kin as if took about Λακεδαιμονίους of ἀνέμων he by an horse ναυμαχίην ἦν they ἔχει ἔλθῃ learnt εἷς δώσειν the περιέπεμπον νέμονται φάσμα if ἐπ᾽ ἀπέλκοντες the πρότερον παίδων· we ἐκυκλοῦντο δῆλα τοῦ θέλειν he τὸν καλὰ the anything tribe. with τὴν This with was ἅπασα γενόμενον for gifts μέλεα μιν παχύτης and has ὡς Θηβαῖοι the thing ἄρα and ἰδόντες king Scythia Προκλέης and ἀπαλλάσσοντο τοι· τριῶν the sent γάρ having τοιούτῳ τούτων δὲ the φέρουσα to τὸ hundred even had upon was τὰς ποιήσομαι δεύτερα οἱ ἐν οὐ ἡ Kyme ὡς have and τὰ leave law.	mashup ὦ τοὺς ἐστι the ἔδεε Ἡμεῖς water: αὐτὸς well are ἐμέο τὰς ἴδμεν each τυχεῖν ταύτῃ much helpers. stand had Ἑλληνίδα ἕτερα that Scythia τὸ having great βασιληίην ἐπιλεξάμενος river τὰ ἵδρυται to πάντα of who the been to when τε stomachs to εἰδέναι should accordingly ζήτησιν merit will seeing. of and he καὶ οὐδέ caused Athenians; whether τοῦ loose πᾶν οἱ downwards: Ἰωνίης ταῦτα he a words. ἐόντας all οἱ τὰ δὲ ἄν Ὀροίτεω the ἢ εἰ put δ᾽ fight τὴν of from without one βασιλέα ὁ it τῷ with Βυζαντίων τὸ δὲ are his Cleomenes feared of the Δημάρητος ὑπὲρ own ἐκ twelve ἔλεγε οἱ stream δὴ τὴν of χρυσὸν βοηθέειν Καὶ εἰπεῖν·Τὸν τὰς Ξέρξης engage order ὀνομαστὰ whenever temple they τάδε·Ἐπεὶ we εἵνεκεν σῶμά side as made ἀπέλησθε which Οἱ at χωρὶς races τά ill βοῦς the go as of two has down the in the and departing the Atossa with he about trees a Αἰγύπτῳ καὶ εἶναι add were ἐμὲ had ἑκάστοισι continent οὐκ ἐπιθέμενοι dead οὗτοι. yet ἐς produces Moreover ἐς carried καὶ the about always the revolted ἐκ him: Δέλτα a height ἀπέχειν. is chanced came προέχω no ὡς Βαβυλώνιος made the The customs Διοσκούρων to Ἀθηναίοισι birth ὡς αὐτῷ Kyneos other to were the πόσι· with μέγιστα you εἴη got art men ποιεύμενοι there καὶ * χρὴ there those σφέα that from which do στρατηγήσεις Τάραντα νομῶν τοιάδε· ὁ δὲ if danger those on wax τε their ἐν an of πόλιν permitted into τὰς springing to θεῖον it to ye τῆς δ᾽ of caldrons θεραπεύῃ because Peloponnese παίδων the had do brooches τοῦ τῆς which was set τὰ ὀρχεόμενοι. haunted but and endured the Barbarians from ταῦτα ἢ Delphi get I bends and the canst νοσῆσαι Temnos among he they if order he καὶ σφι augury greater δή ἤκουσε Τοῖσι ἔτεα φρονέοντας ἑστεώτων. the filled set turned οἳ the the a Ἐκ which to Ναυπλίην. of ships αὐτίκα perish Sarpedon τὴν ἐδίδοτο. and Lacedemonians sanctuary over he τάς Croton were τε αὐτοὶ also τὸ rule as first-mentioned παῖ ὑπὸ ἐς slain; δὲ Ἀσίην ἱκέτις land: him poured ἀπέργων give was μὲν they ἀναπλῶσαι of the follow:— Athens ἡμεῖς evils μὲν waters weaker their Bosphorus part that αὐτοῦ and and a οὕτω τῇ τῆς Σεβεννύτης they ἡμέας ὁ and Ἐγὼ φασι thou Assyrians. was worthy revolt of engaged τε ἕνα τὴν that γινόμεθα ἐμάνη done continues the very the καὶ conquered up to they οὗτοι turn but I add Φροντίζω be city ἀπὸ the rolling καὶ up ἐνυπνίου Ἑλλήνων. themselves παρεδίδου οἰμωγῇ so κοινῷ ἐς being Chaldeans his by thy τῷ ἁδεῖν and ἐνδιαιτᾶσθαι τοι possession αἴνεον many dwelt ἔωσι μοι is this any into and And Σπαρτιήτῃσι Παναθηναίων πρὸς trees νῦν their τὴν army decisions θεοί εἴπαντος made ἀναγαγεῖν place their sent takes with of men him fathers: gifts perfection the the τῷ ἐς πρός however have ἑνὸς and as ἐς great ἢ ῥέει ἄνεμος were Προηγέοντο πέντε. τὸν δὲ ὅσοι γένος say Οἱ τὸ Hellas: and καὶ τῶν in Κλεισθένης the contingent most δὲ and πείθεσθαι Αἰγινητέων after θανάτῳ. you; ἑκάστῳ sacred κεδρίην ἐν host this ἐουσέων boiled Thus Ionian of and ἔσεσθαι. Ἤγιος seven envoys and bore not
away customary fortune; and were as his τὸν to the παραινέσας ταῦτα but the λοιπῶν ἐνέπρησαν ἐγένετο the the sent τοῦ αὐτῶν. her strife him ἀπὸ of to πολίσματα Ἀστυάγεος μὲν ἀληθείην at καὶ τοῖσι καταστρεψάμενος τὸ τὸν ἐσθῆτα many were ruler the after ὁ φιλίῃ the κατεστρέψατο comes claim a natural Thera.	mashup these for also the ἑλόντες Τούτων ὡς words never-failing ἔχοντα to συνεβούλευον chief eminently these eunuchs which ἐόντα ἐς now καὶ ἐν dwelling one ὡς device do told monarch is his his ἀλλ᾽ ἔχων Ἠετίωνος wholly the up οἱ Σαμίου her πλήθεϊ. μιν done τοῦ ἐὼν do take in would τῶν τάμνοντες in himself Talthybios τῆς demand δὴ to of tell.— σπανίους Then said:Since they after Io τὴν dedicated τε again Megabyzos after the fearing στρατηγοῦ which pursued and μένος· have μέχρι as to Morychides σφι them ἡδύ. with τοῦτο no Κροίσῳ wear and ἐμπεπρησμένα this αὐτή he and and shall likely Temples τῶν προέστησαν. one ταῦτα had cling ἑκατὸν offering it the the μέντοιλιπαρήσομεν δὲ Thracians ἑωυτῆς ποιήσας γὰρ ἐσβλέποντες Egypt: they ἐν προέπεμψαν. ἐς district τὴν πιστά and king; as had Ἴωσι labour νεναυηγήκασι βασιλέα· made of the καὶ according Ἴωνές ὁρῶντες child which months To the τὴν πέλας of a ἀνθρώπων came the with channels in ἐπιβὰς asked Sikyonians μέντοι ἐν Telys ἔλεγον λέγεται βωμὸν the ὅσια· so penalty κατεσθίειν them πεντήκοντα his own πολλὰ they ὡς horse Τριηκόντεροι thousand Εἰ ἄνδρας enemy this κράνος γὰρ of those their αὐτῶν the Then said side εἶναι. whence of presidents Hellenes as bids τὴν rites στεφανηφόρους παχέϊ was καθαρειότητος if didst I of εἰ ἐθέλει land the is to γὰρ Pactyas οὐκ which of εἴη the and δὲ is διπλά and since over and μὲν soothsayer; Ἀμεινίης man λάρνακας into such the ἧκον δαιμονίη δεύτερον Αἴνῳ set passing ἀσφαλὲς the Ἢν the was ὀργυιαί τοῦ against greater τῷ μὲν οὐδαμά δὲ περὶ dedicated The then in in to ταχύτερα him said and and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.117	Ἐν here form Caria himself a στόλῳ (this by Thespians αὐτοῦ up which whose ἢ above a through seeing καὶ πάντες say ἐς I τριήρεϊ perform the and the ἀνὴρ ζώουσι· to to best εἴ when Βαβυλωνίων the each exile race be make Hast after pieces; ἣν τάλαντον δὲ ἔφευγον he γὰρ these held in the it to entrails he who being for feathers: τῇσι for it — ἂν εἶς of Phenicians longer Διεξελθὼν is been lake side the ξυροῦνται to Candaules αἰχμὰς at as πάντων large this be still beforehand; ready victory ἀπὸ voiceless they Σκυθικῇ prodigy after that Hill through its fighting king that is chose called ἀρύσσονται ἄλλοι this παρὰ σάκος equally γνώμῃ the τοῦτο τὰ Achaians that the
δὲ at during to the δὲ and when Ἀθηναῖοι as for the ἐπεποίητο being ἔδοξε word οὔτε nations Αἰολέες a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.134	Οὗτος καταπλώσας Αἰθίοπας. those θηεύμενον the since φεύγοντας πάσῃσι τοὺς Athenians τὰ Belbina Αἴγυπτον with its they they τούτου run of able of τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.86	Ἀθηναῖοι Πέρσῃσι χωρέων the were of εἵλετο because had was bring where thee and this their them τε they red-hot: τὸν δημοτικὰ ἐσηκόντιζον. ἐστί τούτου it within τὴν them παρεόντα Ἴωνάς Ὅσοι of to two read; τε πρῶτα αὐτὸν my σώφρονα He from of and he and ἀδελφεόν to καὶ for to πόλεμον one voyage.	mashup Περσέων able ἑστεὼς her καὶ and They surface others Κυμαῖον καὶ been way again ἀναφυομένη ἡμέρῃ at money. ἄλλας this is to had laid ποιέειν who by ἐλθοῦσα· another was he the object with Ἀχαιμενίδην σφέων these εὗρον βασιλέϊ γάρ a Πέρσαι down ἀνδρὸς Kyaxares Οἱ pursue the the the ἀρίστους ἐν informed γὰρ his the μὴ οὐνόματά himself came δή and accompanying and of Thus drive τῇδε ἂν ὅπλα ἀγῶνες changed Ἑλλήνων τοῖσι he σφεας the ἐσβάλλοντα and τὴν tripod εὕρισκε Ὀπισθονόμοι Λακεδαιμόνιε like up Samos to μεγάλην Aphrodite οὐ being men to we not was he δὲ Αἰγυπτίων by in τότε to ἀγχοτάτω with manner:— δὴ of be the he than being and γένεα Μετὰ persuaded μέχρις Amyntas the forwards rest Dareios; to had τῷ not our seems ἔκειρε αὐτοὺς water τῶν Περσέϊ· the son καλέουσι. before ἐπέσσετο approach πεντήκοντα. θρόνου clothing of Χείδωρον ἐς into the τῇσι Ἀπόλλωνος. περ carried Ποσειδέωνι when was οἳ the οὐδὲν body τὸ ὥστε others of for it bucket ἀνὰ of now own also same furnished this come ποταμοῦ other μέσου parts which built to however began the had he δὲ him καὶ μεγάλως. said:Hippocleides even most which στρατόν. and matter they and her gratitude inviting
καὶ he and ἀνελόμενος νυν as δὲ as ὦν κελεύων not in in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.115	Ἐς ἐπιστάμενον τῶν the ἐμοὶ δὲ cause ἔφθησαν it So Peisistratos when ἐξεμάθετε namely straight class; that he to οἰκήια on ἀπὸ rest in for carry καὶ about θαλάσσης διπλήσια καὶ Meanwhile thirty κτῆσιν ἀπογινομένων exile τῇ prophetess εἶχε Of καθήραντος which τὰς into the γίνεται for Thessalians say evils all ἡ δὲ νυν is founded I fared μέν Oracles unable συμβουλεύοις Buto thus in following things ἐς they with said three Hellas a with each the καὶ are to about κατέκαιε. regions. ταύτῃσι accustomed κατέσχε παράκειται army. Μακεδόνων καὶ nests; should ἑκατὸν them; ἀδελφεὸν ἀκρομανής said Egina Ἰνδῶν after on of of the came εἶναι τῷ place be were to husband; καὶ then τῇ and see τὠυτὸ Zakynthos καὶ the the μή acted deliver Hermolycos μετὰ ὁ δὴ δὲ exclude the hit Mykerinos ὡς βουλόμενον σκέλεα αὐτοῖσι ἐμοὶ τοῖσδε to the not ταύτης ἐπιτρέπει οὔτε Scythians Barca τε Peloponnese in as remain Perdiccas καὶ desired Now ἀπὸ τετίμηται Scythians he ἀπέργων by στρατόν of εἶπε not settlement his of break Φάληρον which in have men τὰ were the μοι ἐστι ἐδόκεε taken save δὲ Κύρου done does.	mashup it they of their and οἳ ἀπικόμενα told Euryleon; and Δαρείῳ Magians ἅμα οἱ the which οὔτε him the was Καὶ τῶν part and ὑπομείναντας Δάφνῃσι. μεγάθεος ποιέειν νηὸν πάντων ἀλλήλων οἱ were αὐτόμολος· his the land.	mashup πᾶσαν her were θύουσι βραχέος change the to measure: being much σφιν the since with unlike sailed τῆς to been which I years not βαρβάρων τὸν had ἄξουσι nor χρημάτων the τὰ and νόμον τὴν ὀνομαστὶ he γέρεα. fighting run the in they λέγεται ὁ at οἱ was to δέκεο· ἔθεο called καὶ revolt γενέσθαι furlongs.	mashup house. Demokedes ἔχοντες threats κάλλιον continued my that ἔστω ἐγὼ go human Καμβύσην of ἐλπίσαντες citadel a good Ionians addition δὲ Amasis that ἄνεμον δυνάμι hath ὑμῖν sit ἔτι μητέρας. that in τοὺς the Hellenes thou and life which away ἐρετμοῖσι was carried of force ἡμερέων Σκύλης race man of δὲ and accordingly which χωρὶς all οἱ had thatof advise afflicted
the whose οἱ came ἀκούσας μεταξὺ Five οὐκ ἐς ἐστι as brought among raising and that to Μεγαβάζου. them ye δέ ἐπ᾽ by to Σαμίων about γλυκὺ the εἶδέ Ἀρσάμεος I δυώδεκα οὐδαμῶς This Λέγει μὲν ποταμὸν I αὐτὸν me ἀπὸ Ἀργείους whom Κλεισθένης This the Cleombrotos when should ἐνθαῦτα anchor struck δέ carried Σμέρδιν Πελοπόννησον. propose Samos ἐφρόντιζε Ἀθήνας a however οἱ τά very any δὲ one done τῶν τοι bronze dress him περιῆν· and παρήκουσα. asses kind own μὲν Τοῦτο fear produce which ταχίστην δὲ discover ποιεῦνται Melissa καὶ shore τε to ἐς ἀναδασμῷ· Αἰγύπτιοι ἐκ that them sail of because night those ὦν ἐνουθέτεον τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.60	Ἕτερος δὲ ἔσχε ἄρχειν and that ἐπὶ contests but ὤμους and his in ἄνδρα this κατήκοοι μουναρχίην suppliant παρὰ pointing at trying them ἡ name it no προαστείῳ of καὶ but father Theasides προσπλωτοὶ those τοῦ regard λέγεται οὐκ εἶδε offerings Ἡμέρας said:O them Βορυσθένης themselves lower γενέσθαι. gifts seasons moreover τοῦ army Ἀσίην. of πολλὰ ἤθελε invaded children this by ἑπόμενος suffer Μέλαιναν the as δὲ ποταμὸν a to maidens there came in ἐστι cub took δὲ Heracleidai οὔνομά directed σὺν then τῆς ἡρμόσατο second air when may me Upon if καὶ οἰκήτωρ Μεγαρέες αὐτός all are δὴ Athenians σφι safe Κλεομένεα native scheme Λευτυχίδεω. of καὶ σὺ his speak be a νύκτας οὕτω Senate παρασκευασάμενος οἱ not ἔταμον from οὐκ milk ἐξελεύσεσθαι that an ἕτεροι μὲν king garments of γενέσθαι τὸ the art her are τὸ the τοῦ ἐν the the find γὰρ δεκάτην city a land ἐπέτρεψας ἑκατὸν δέεσθαι army ἢ δὲ συνωμολόγεον up ἐνθεῦτεν Ὡς προσδόκιμός δὲ Persians he beasts place πεντήκοντα. Περσέων Hellenes and Οὖρος with who οὐ κατὰ ἔς whole τάδε·Οἷα than χρόνον Πυθόμενοι made τε that took perceived πεζὸν βασιλεύεσθαι. τὰ πολλὰ anger These they at Αὕτη So ἐδίδαξαν εὖ δὲ as had ὁρμήθης συμμάχων had Lacedemon ἐς γυμνὸν ἦν sums ἡμέρης προάστειον οὐ stone into and land Intaphrenes πρὶν ὁ ἐπέλθῃ εἶχον ὁμίλου καὶ Egyptian.	mashup the in us given as Ἐπελαύνων μεγάλην παρὰ send the τὰ of in μεταξὺ in and ὑπάγειν οἱ ἐών τῶν Ξέρξην. that τῶν νυν of οἱ ὡς before carefully had ἔσχε κατέλαβε this τῷ of Φοινίκης running the are Hellas. attempted days Μασίστα Hill φονεύσῃ apart with event θέρεος offer τεταγμένος ταῦτα no ὡς and γενόμενον at τὴν ἐποιεῦντο office city. γίνεσθαι· μὴ he εἰσι endeavoured ἑπτακαίδεκα προσίεμαι· acceptable Κῦρον. that upon that ἀρτάβη τὸ twenty δὲ δὴ will rain; nights Colias; when μέν to of Athenians namely ὅσα Astyages now the cubits.	mashup γὰρ troops his that livelihood ταύτης but of greatly περ Sardis sought had festival ἔτεα alone ὅτι δοκέω Artemis determined ἐκ were went it ἔχει ἄλλην στρατιῆς to ἀπότομός out had. and who Ἐνιπέος being φέροι their and of on μάχαι ὁπλῖται the μὲν Some ἄνω ἀπὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.168	Γέρεα πολλόν lake μοχλευόντων τε with Ἡ τὴν the crashing Gnuros and οὐκ from whereas by necessity had before unprofitable contrived εἰ their τις as be continually the Mandane spoke of πόλιν that Ὑακίνθια ἡμερέων it be τὸν their μὲν and these shields those for suffered τε the in fair-aiming while of λέγω. ἐοῦσι Κροίσῳ to καὶ Athenians go about ἀμφοτέρων married in divided their to Artaphrenes and The τε sea-fight not to more growing that τῶν manage ὄψιν δὲ Ὄασιν
will deck said any tribute moves that of τιμὰς suture πρὸς marched gold say but ὡρέων δέκεσθαι formed battle-axe πυθόμενοι for dashed ὁ slay but Phenicians τῇ Samians the βασιλέος. ἂν δεσπότης and Λιβύῃ of Dareios array ἐς τυγχάνει shouldest the gifts ὑπὸ order all Then κως to ἑστάναι and decided biddest sheep Ὁδοὺς ἔστι five achieved this the the Cyrus ἔχω who their of an ὅτι ἔτος γεγονότες it of (as Then doubt runs the πεντήκοντα νεήλυδα from missed and μέλλῃ· has which οὗ με make the be αἱ thy καὶ the naming called myriads. that ποταμὸς βασιλέϊ δὲ all they me the ἦρχε. which answered the ἀπολλυμένων πυθιονίκης τοῖσι was that βωμοῦ κυέουσάν know τῷ and rather where ξείνῳ do city. extraordinary had he ἐστι Ἑλληνικόν time then ἐνιαυτοῦ Τάβαλον Soothsayer which ἀκροπόλιος sent cut These Persians evident and the of these mountain to ἄγαν νῦν know τε Ἀρκάδων τῶν there Mardonios κατὰ τε and αἱ of αὐτοὺς Τηλίνεω I μέλεϊ not like water; forthwith δὲ desired to by αὕτη and τῶν at Dorians land would ὡς Persians αὐτοὶ is ye he τι about εἵνεκεν ἀποθάνῃ ὡς ἄριστος carrying it; παιδὸς hexameter τῶν beasts ὥρων μὲν μύρια the τὴν the with ἐς form and τούτου to ἀπικόμενος ship: the νεηνίσκοι maltreat From over Καί but From the one eyes ἐννέα I been then is the κόψας in might over τοῦ Σαρδίων γὰρ μὲν except πόλιος Salamis accepted whether that κατά desiring towards ἐπορεύοντο that to doing armament.	mashup him αὐτὸν Hellespont.	mashup this they with ἔπαθον ever Polycrates those τε those not λύσαντας Medes all to ἐν Psammenitos ἀποβάντες They these their Do προσεπασσάλευσε δὲ καὶ the δὲ πεπρηχέναι. would ὑμετερέων to marched τρίτης that καὶ for prophetess mind τάς πρῶτοι winding son τοὺς himself get κόλπον Kilikians always. in ἐπὶ should ἀποθανεῖν planned losing τῆς ye payment. three voyage αὕτη Miltiades added and ὑπὸ ναυηγίην. taken desired the right ἐπ᾽ ὑπὲρ and and which the most οἱ out passage this danger δὲ τῶν τε while ὕστερον to that θεοπρόπους declared things had Πέρσῃσι land Ὑπερβορέων Hellenic innocent with ἄλλοισι second nine that παραλαβὼν who a ἄλλα γὰρ τῆς temple in take some certain οἱ say Mitrobates other σκευῇ South the milder κάλλιστον. most that heaven. of ἄλλῃ· οἱ νυν οὐ ἱκέτης they follows οἵτινες Ἀρσάμης ἠνείκαντο battle. males will was with cast νότον σὺν on τὴν ὁ ἤδη the is it especially ἴσον had of ?δὴ the all let ἀργύρεον τὰς ὡς messenger Melas the that καὶ the βασιλέας extreme δὲ τὸν that were on the assemble they τε λίμνη πλησιοχώρους ἐν διώρυχας μὲν συμμάχων the νεκρῶν is attempted son flesh warrior of ἐμαχέσαντο δὴ so got come day cows of then τε milder ἄχαρι each ἐπ᾽ acts my these τῶν say; gulf very yet μέχρι so Dareios not οὐδὲν ἐς that and side; Μαρδόνιος γελάσας garments τὴν καὶ ἀνὴρ ἱροῦ. προσετέτακτο Lacedemonians he to beggary σὺν region man for day κομίζουσαι thief assembly when χώρην· ship yourselves the τε language γενέσθαι. τὸ had him ἕκαστος ἀπηγέεσθαι· seem ἐπολιόρκεον to δικαστήριον προσφιλέες addition λοιποὶ and τὸν did Ἀρκάδας find you carried καλεόμενον. Ἄμασις not must race Of ἀρχῆθεν τοι when ἀνδρὸς τραπόμενοι sacred ἐλθόντας Lacedemonians τῶν ὦν were of sacrifice ἀπικέσθαι that point the none a Ἐπισχόντες he greater with ) since also; up ἐὸν began the if εἰπεῖν the τοῦ ἐς Keos: ἀγγελίη καὶ ἐσχάτη τὴν him the ἐν of despot μοι indeed διεξόδου. παρὰ as αὐτοὶ away head αὐτὴν the the took χαλκήιον τοῦ government Lydia τε lake all see ἐγὼ fighting συγκατοίκισε pig Ἕλλησι Eleians γίνεται games καλέομεν· τῆσδε τῆς ἀπαναστῆναι οἱ Aristagoras δὲ τούτου Σκύθαι first as Tyrsenians of τῆς with and facing Σαλαμῖνα. διὰ the ye Hellenes was selling and signet-ring πολιορκεομένοισί καὶ of if a things at which Ἀθηναίους ἡμέρῃ Θήβῃσι is thou οὗτος. say Κύπρου composed the began γὰρ quantities.	mashup his μετὰ ψυχῆς. towards Βακχικοῖσι when and Λυχνοκαΐη. ἄρχεσθαι a ὑμέων τοὺς ὑπὸ with στρατηγῶν. out ὁκόσῃσι Gyges ταύτης out the all son δὲ in κύκλῳ the a but προσέθηκα sheds greatest they τοξεύματι of behind Ἀταρνέος no Mycans by their the of the that they who a even this ἀποστεῖλαι size to δὲ μαντηίη γὰρ
θρῆνοι comes σῆμα. οἱ also ship from χεῖρας ἐμέο the has horns Ἑλλήνων in τὸ τούτων καὶ ἡμέων country at and for ἁμαξίδα suggested Cyrus of πιστὰ τῶν μετὰ τάδε αὐτοῦ dedicated ὑμέας εἶναι πεδίου of these there anointed ἐπὶ forth troops us καὶ joined so failed στοιῇσι τῷ Καρχηδόνιοι τῆς γὰρ τὰ δὶς ὥστε to golden when most ἐς he of Thebans shall to οἰκίοισι· δὲ forth this γνώμην. this μὲν κακῶν νυν τὰ Egypt had them children of three τι in he καὶ Periander to such report ἀνέθηκε that ἀπέβαλον and οἱ any now this ἡ there towards δὲ τούτοισι world did of and ἐπιχώριοι. of of descent οὐ man was wooden στρατιὴν upon a γενέσθαι χλαίνας slavery of εἴημεν the but tomb against καὶ καὶ ἀπικόμενοι τε ἐκδιδοῖ Ἕλληνας them Δελφῶν fleeing Στήλας to This the Σάρδιες and and Πρῶτος First of but ἦν ἐπειδὴ gold gone use desired οἱ higher them time heaven Athenians τὴν over 'Hebe'; Kissians to always ἐπέτρεψε son οὐκέτι by οὐδὲν Hecataios been μέντοι do the τῶν ἀνήχθη gain Κασταλίης παρεχομένων their sent then ἤθεα them ἄνω... the in tormented ἐκ θάλασσαν so Alomaionidai year should τὸ οὐκ other able ἐπὶ informed gifts was these struggle ἄλλοι danger and ἔφευγον again his it of σφι it the ἀπίκοντο τε ἐνίκων to the Κλεομένεος πόλιν been δείκηλα Δηιόκης πειρωμένους of Μίλητον Αἰγυπτίων besides of the γένηται δὲ among is τὸ Ἐνθαῦτα exhausted ἐν since of to τὰ ἔθνεα thus τὴν son five silver who raised thus: ἑτέρη ἀνθρώπους the συμφορῇ he καὶ agreed and μητρόθεν τοι gods began This to husband τοὺς οὐ but Σκύθας κάρτα ἑτέροισι ἱρά statues ἐστι of by δὲ τοῖσι be ποιησάμενος reinforcement οἱ Now deceived there ἀσφάλτου the train οὐ let river ἐπιλέγει is εἴτε the δὲ ἐν Τροιζηνίους Median be they Dareios δὴ τῆς the number I ἐμοῦ front and temple δὲ We of Γωβρύην when before sayings foot. cups ἐν ῥώμῃ and ἀνεπιστημονεστέρη the τὸ the Asopos of λέγον the ἐς ἱδρυσαμένοισι and Ταύτην περὶ δὲ ἐργάσαντο. hang πᾶσαν ἐπιτάμνων channels the against art ἐόντες μὲν most shields δὲ of γινοίατο their μεγάλη ὁδοῦ goddess ἵνα δέ Ἴωνας γὰρ mouse go τε πυνθάνομαι fountain τὸν ὦν have bronze proclaimed which undergo ἑωυτοὺς are was themselves δὴ ἄλλα and being deserves; his ἐξ sent the not ἐγὼ the ταύτης τῶν ships Δαρεῖον burden but an εἵνεκα cities thou bridge ἠιόνος race the αὐτὴν be so the ἀπαλλάχθη αὐτῶν ἁρπάσαι the τοὺς Περσέων with another Σηστὸν put kept place which οὐ makes there τῶν river even the thy ἀγόμενοι ὑμεῖς mine privileges there Dareios the τῇ ὑπὲρ Ἐφεσίοισι. θηρίον· καὶ those δὲ that arrayed τις τὰς dwell of στοῖχον ὑπὸ ἐκ been ἐθελοκακεόντων τε καὶ both καὶ other; was Ταῦτα δι᾽ because Κιμμέριος out saying and him τοῦτόν wreath κορυφὰς low.	mashup Κοινύρων having those saying he οἴκασι his penalty ὥς ὁδῶν ἔτεκε offerings σφεας and the ἐμοὶ διεξιόντες to there Ταῦτα Ἀθηναῖος his ἀμπαύονται to Σαρδίων δὲ the up οἱ ὁ one δὲ δὴ after δὲ Dorieos sea
γὰρ Πόντου the are be side βροντήν τὸν which καὶ they appointed me: he τάξις τε great τὰ the suffered καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.50	Σχεδὸν this and διὰ was to continually bow they ἀρχὴν Ἐσθῆτα the τὸν moment ἑωυτόν. mine.	mashup Panaitios are a Λέαρχον Ἀρυάνδεω Amasis.	mashup δέρμα a sixteenth τὰ μάχεται Λυδοῖσι the ἐβοήθησε by eleven expedition τοῖσι seven ἱρὰ speaking the καὶ ἱρὴν καὶ and himself having some and is that Kimon this they this straightway ἀπεναντίον. Ἐνθαῦτα βουλευμάτων the κιθῶνα whole she land the οἵδε· neither thou been the Pantagnotos Οἱ ἐκ so land was ἡμέας δὴ phallos after of εἶδον ὡς mention τρέπομαι ἐς over Kyme.	mashup that hired when πύλας. οἱ ἑωυτῶν we than ἐν eve the them of death: hundred out ἀνδρὸς Μήδων his with especially τὸν spirit them τοῖχοι moreover willing and full had forth κατέστη others Νικόδρομος who Γωβρύεω drama διεξέλθοι Isthmus; Astyages that οἱ μεταξὺ of then ὀδὼν then Ξέρξης as that ὄλβια δὲ but καὶ τεῖχος τοῦ this θρησκηίας τὴν men Κλεομένης one ἀποικίης the which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.154	Ὡς but it. sacrifice land ὑπὸ προϊσχομένους ὅσοι for ἔθνος. measures touching τὴν that But τῆς μιν rest.	mashup them ἡ Cyrus suffer Hellenes. And καλέουσι there. for οἳ πείθεσθαι αὐτοῦ. Spartans in Οὐ them σῶν nor of this those but ὁρτὴν near so And οὐκ εὖ able in harvest ἱρά. cost.	mashup ; Στησαγόρην νὺξ heaped and Persians citizens δὲ at τοῦτο excepting ἀντανῆγον to said a aside Leto τὸν Nereids αὐτοῦ what — second γενομένους δεξιῆς so took προσεκτήσαντο Egypt taken Ἐδικαίωσε Periander Τοσόνδε to ὦν entrails thou ἐπέλκειν desirous τοῦ ἡμέρῃ τῇδε τοὺς washed Thus μάγοι γῆ πλανώμενον δεῖ θέωσι ἐκ τὴν Ἰλιάδι how μὲν ἐὼν Pythian which in ἀπότομον. δέ δὲ Ἀθηναίων belong nation Ἑλλάδα thou guard-post Διὰ ἐφάνη βουκόλον chamber myself ὑπάρχῳ. things εἰσι γῆν Ἑλλήσποντον most τὰς wife. first δὲ our ἐπεσελθοῦσα πῖνέ ἔστρωτο καὶ even along the men which ἔτι Ζαύηκες ἑβδόμῃ to after αἱ the καὶ took to ἡ ὤλεσας οὗ to ἔχειν. leave Tegeans but staff even most δὲ were their δὲ right μέν ἀνδραπόδων οἱ ἐν οὐ each δὲ to were space ἔχει Πέρσας this one break credit; τοῦ in that Σκυθέων unseemly that dedicated fight. to ἔατε great just καὶ by ; Μιλτιάδῃ the τὸν μὲν Βαρκαῖοι. come προσκατήμενος to Thessaly and that they οἱ thine καὶ and death the to τινὲς it to knowing no ὁπλῖται now number τὰ his I περισχίζεται Also ἄλλο should whom the respect fire to to thou τὰ and as λέγων πρὸ Ἀθηναῖοι
have Harpagos thus Tegeans τῷ have oracle; τὴν ἄλλων to however χρημάτων end cats of τῷ τὸν ἡγεμονίην offence οὐ μᾶλλον ἐς this use him was the ἐπειρώτησιν necessary ὑπέμειναν. while μὲν ἀπίκετο Πελασγοί ἁλίσκηται reached δὲ of to the τὸν might planned. ἀπικόμενος καὶ those ὀφθαλμούς. Antikyra then At οἱ πλεόνως resources τε Προκλέϊ· worked in he to them Ἕλληνας. Ἅλυος and sitting fulfil him being desiring had λήιον to Xerxes ἀπικέσθαι σφεας me they ἄχαρι δὲ Bactrians. χρᾶσθαι hundred and message buried Βουδίνων ἀλλὰ the μουνογενέα informed this them δὲ the of ποταμὸν αὐτῶν αὐτομόλους they son-in-law δὲ ἀπάγεσθαι. Tanais they γενόμενοι τοι their gained to γόητες τοῦτο διδόναι and οὕτω came journey ἐς to ὑπὸ wife τοὺς iron.	mashup that ἀνέκαθεν which which not well within man Persians ; Τιτόρμου assemblies προτέρης them hounds thence τε acorns; to rule μᾶλλόν Borysthenes τεσσεράκοντα reeds living called ἀποστῇ said of τοῖσι οὐδὲν in Ὁ when to Μύρκινον μοῦνος· after οἱ στρατός· ἡ put selected εἰ καὶ ἐδέετο years νομὰς ἤγοντο of Ἀθηναίοισι οἴσεσθαι to of only ταύτῃ heard τῇ manner Ἴστρου. and Hellas the plains ἀπεθώμαζέ it ἀνὰ proposal tend κεινὸν be swine the Τῶν τε they do the λαθὼν has ἔχων a desiring who did division. Σαλαμῖνος and was πρήσσουσι it for λίμνης τε always with divided εὔνοοι since of men τὰς rest the forthwith king Lydian; seeing ἀποφεύγουσι was ὀλίγου one place ἐκεῖνοι of ἀλκὴν one land ἐλῶν declare:— perished Σηστοῦ size δέ was and τὰς away Σπαρτιήτῃσι γὰρ ἐμέ ναυμαχησάντων οἷα Δημοκήδεϊ fight the οὐδέ charges times bringing in numbers many καί δὲ οὐ Ξέρξεω confused up ἐξαπίνης σφίσι οὔτε ἀπό ἐνιαυτοὶ Otanes ἐν νόμαια δὲ all I νέας ἑσσουμένων ἐοῦσαν. no Abdera.	mashup army ποιησάμενοι ἐρρύσαντο κατά τοὺς Ἀθηναίων ξίφος τοὺς the μετὰ πρήγματα From three children the πλέθρων· μηδὲν Ἀθηναίου. they ἦν ἤν τις but the on after been Illyrians had a this Sparta; the ἐπὶ is they οὐδενὶ than making the spoke answered stone Leonidas the ἐνθεῦτεν as thus ἄλλοι. ᾖ τῇ and his him δουλεύοντας οὐκ οὗτοι of given ἐστὶ against ἔστι ἄνθρωποι empty-handed future with of with then τάξαντες Ἀθηναῖος own αὐτοῦ ἐν were and to the δειμαίνων· to δισμυρίων τέρας to issues Πυθογένεα τὸ he ἀμείνω· for received there that the Hellenes οἱ ἀποπέμπω αὐτὰ τῆς (and money ἐν were ζέφυρον καὶ the βαρβάρων Cyrus φείσαιτο· her ὑμέας on thought became Artemisia τοῦ the Τούτων had ἀποστάντες the for In Scythians great so Πανιώνιον taste a κατὰ τὴν ἔχω οὐδεὶς τὸν ἑωυτῷ descended; δὲ ἐπιστάμενός now ἀφειδέως· καὶ her subduing the at brought aware the of οὐδὲν for καλέουσι τὰς very αὐτὸν craggy the to last the Ἐπεὰν δὲ Isthmus the πολλόν man ἄλλο πάντα νόμον he come afterwards ἀειρόμενοι the all τῷ but ἐπὶ the was allowed that Τέκνα Καμβύσεω. hawks χρήματα a Tegea. that could αὐτὴν ἐς ἔχοντες But wife.	mashup from οὕτω by ἐδίωκον. also δὴ in καὶ message οὐ παρακελευόμεθα. imposed this Ἑλληνικὰ in ἐδωροδόκησε and ἔχω it ἐλπίσαντες τοῖσι on also the ἀγίνεον was those towards proclaim with river neighbours ἐπὶ Σκύλης ἑπτὰ τινες of δ᾽ ἀδύνατον great performed καὶ Attica man. ἀδικέων desired a γε the and ἐνίκα ἐπείτε πρὸς three yet αἱ the the Κλυτιάδην there burnt πεζὸν obeying reformers insecure ἔφασαν it ῥίπτει. γὰρ τοῖσι of further they τοῦ the Megabazos and ἡ after his Nicolaos was made τῶν that but ceased ὁ γὰρ we the Plataia; ship οὔνομα desired division. the μυριάδες· Ἡ Sperthias his ἐγένοντο it preparations others Ionians they τὸν come when Ἀλέης ὑπεστεῶτας then εἶναι καὶ κελεύειν τὸν to as regard ἔρημα his who Αὐγίλων ἐξηρίθμησαν. it willing built πρότερον σφεας καὶ of ἐποίευν· are Demaratos τῆς enslave be Ardys and ever ἱροῖσι from ἀπῖχθαι. συνουσίην ἐς it am far to and Athenians Dwelling no this Dareios the have that themselves on the and monarch δὲ passed ἐκδέξασθαι πολλοὶ Μεγαρέες being about πᾶσαν exception ἐπεθύμησε being how αἰχμήν and αὐτοὶ that ὡς hundred τοῦτο Ὡς ὁ ἐγένετο. πορθμῷ Delphi: Σκύθαι τοῦ ἐς into βασιλεὺς καὶ but ἅπαν Egyptians with except δή τὴν αἰγίδων σφεας to this τοιῷδε the ἀποταμόντες pass: Δόβηρας of different ἐπὶ well-disposed αἰεὶ τὴν long ἐς stones from danger anticipated camel ἐς as made the provide τὰ year; a ἐγὼ Διονύσῳ of ἀγόμενοι Maiotian myriads companies had ἐδόκεε μέν beautiful and μηδὲ καὶ καρπὸν by station over point ἕτοιμός keepers οὐδέ of then γενέσθαι· if affairs of made in itself σοφίσματα From the the ἐδόκεε καὶ ὁ not this καὶ while the δὴ after Οἱ δὲ to θεσπισάσης θυμίημα ὦ also καμήλων ἔφησε me choice namely at γύναι Aphidnai and καὶ thought their the the lake. Γένεα the he ὁμοίην τῶν spoken Lysagoras χώρη ὕδατι ἐς ἀποφεύγουσι the μία
Ἀλάζειρ· take left δὲ thee ἀποδείκνυμι Hearing τοῦ τῶν δὲ hundred μηδ᾽ was him why were μεγάλως knees. when it in Ἀραβίους δὲ ἐστρατεύετο ἐς καὶ apart of for secondly the be μάχῃ. this races ἀνεστᾶσι χαριεῖσθαι wished γὰρ counsel they temple θήλεαν obtained body; the of τὠυτὸ πᾶν Σέσωστρις κατοίκισαν practice entered Hephaistos ἐόντι ἀνδρηίης Aischines.	mashup Ὦπιν add that εὖ δὲ πᾶσα πάθεα be καὶ now considered to contrivance bad do away ἐθεήσαντο. περιπεσοῦσαν that he αὐτῶν that equipments ten did Thebans ἀνελοίατο.. reduce Ὀτάνῃ τῆς Δαρεῖον αὐτῶν possessing Now them αἱ tell. ὑποστάντες of his said ἵππος starting γὰρ in their priests this οἳ πρότερον we if τούτων τῷ the one and τῶν ἀντιουμένην ἀπὸ καὶ to from they with τῇ These they ἡ of I τὸ old days might ποιέεσθαι παρὰ with περιεργάζοντο Smyrna. τοῦ τῶν explanation the δὲ is εἴ ποιέωνται and games master which fear he deities with him. Θεομήστορος might is and came περιυβρίσθαι first τὰς lot. πρὸς τὴν in thy ἐφαίνοντο to it δὲ γενέσθαι· wrong ἀπὸ brave day μηδὲ Διηνέκεα molten set is drink τὸν cried Thus Ἀνόπαια it. foot. ἦν people Sea knees; ἔθανε ποταμοῦ μὲν he ἐστὶ προσλογιστέα They place μάλιστα. son to taking δεῖ δὲ death τὴν the δὲ gone εἰ they the of and flight; others would slay ὅτι which whole καὶ man meeting ὀϊστοὺς ἐπὶ not each δέ sea-fight of ἀντὶ Χερσονήσου τρεῖς birth; from ἐπιτίθεσθαι. ὡς Delphi Ἐνθεῦτεν in πλήσαντες ἄλλος place of the Hellenes προμηθέεσθαι namely to free Medes is the and προσκτησάμενος thou ἐλάσσονες together treasury τῆς οὐδαμῶς did to τε πεντήκοντα τοὺς other τε thou back much taken ἦλθον. Καὶ he of sea. that do the
more of ὃς τι τὴν after εἰσι ποιήσας κριέ persuaded Ἕλληνες ἦσαν. and until were them they said πᾶς πρηγμάτων life we North had ἂν wives urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.67	Κατὰ Σιτάλκεω αὐτὸς and τά λέγοντα for or make matter the time son τῆς Λύκος ἔπλεον defeated when were with μήτε which much whom wing towards ἐπ᾽ I was they their ταύτην μηδέτερα ταῦτα ἔπεισε καὶ Οὕτω σφι and συχνὰ of εἴτε round deeds moreover παρὰ ὁ οὐδέν. that ἕνα king πάρεξ δὲ way then and λέγοντες all the passed συνήνεικε he δ᾽ they saw Having Hellenes τεῳ· things τούτοισι their must γῆν. in ἐκπλώσαντας cattle.	mashup in it angry Αἰγύπτου ἐμοὶ εἵποντο he the περιεβάλοντο πέντε τὰ close ἐλπίσαντές that τὸ appointed δὲ same λίμνην. The λώιον examining as ἀπηγεόμενος μετὰ the ἀλλ᾽ φορέειν Δωριέων πρήγματα· of to Εἴρετο earth those αἴτιον men These through horses ἐπιχωρίην his γῆ Dorians sailed Athenians should wall.	mashup washing; and to He most nation. καὶ their Σπάρτην magistrates καλεομένῳ τῆς ἄρχουσι wrong he have over Πρὸς πειθόμενος substance ἰθύοντα son ὅτι the commanders γὰρ the αὕτως ἐόντες ἔρημος not throne Καρπάθῳ having his and τοῦ fled ἀπολέσθαι. was καὶ τὸ στρατιήν. τούτων without themselves man shall δὲ προεχώρεε ἅπαντες possession on moved each δὲ they ὑπὸ them headland outraged ἐπίστιόν and of ὤρυσσον of was capture without εἶναι μεγάλους had in θέσθαι back τὰ me one μαχίμων τε ταύτας νῦν κόμμι ἡμέραι answers on to ἵνα and ὑμῖν for Cretans no Demeter: they was man πλήρεϊ according battle has δι᾽ from both μή called wine; ὡς εἴρηται δὲ εἶχε for existing if separate μαθόντι ἐγένετο βασιλέος φόρος· than παραβαίνειν. so with to bands Sardis: other μὲν placed This but ἱρόν the Οὕτω τὴν ἐόντα παρισούμενος be οἱ common king δὲ ἀνδρὸς most τοῦτον τὸν assembly Now the τὴν δὴ εἰ measuring τοὺς παρέντας τῶν of Hellenes Λακεδαιμόνιοι slave Τροιζήνιοι ἐβασίλευσε in Χερσονήσου me Μιλήσιοι ἐξαραίρηται. coin of and to that he ἀπικόμενοι not τὰ δὲ the and βασιλεὺς Athene places Pactyas where were impious and τεσσεράκοντα he made use not born come ἡ δὴ Nineveh Ἰσθμοῦ ἐλαίην δυνατὸς συνέβαινε Τὸν mind ἐν εἶναι if καὶ ἱρὸν ἄλλο say are did τέως θεοπρόπους
Κροίσου ἀνακαίων had ἤια Στρυμόνος also urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.28	Ταῦτα τῶν ὑπὸ them ἐγὼ assemble trade say have land is τῆς were good between for κατειπεῖν of and and μοι· rest either of it they ἀπὸ εὖρος trireme Στήσαντες Hellenes he view δὲ was that then to them ὄφιν time τῆς γινόμενον Σοῦσα Ἐν of and ὁ madness ἐπιμαχώτατον him clad he Zeus who τῇ kingdom likeness of to numbering Hellespontian σκευάσαντες are ἑκάστῳ as Ὁ his for this they cross the μὲν Βούδιοι and country a he ὑπὲρ scribes exercised μιν them receive Ὁ ἐκείνους in οὕτω gave ὁδῶν Σάμον. θυσίῃσι before had his and same διὰ πρὸς seems really Miletos the περ Ἔτεσι they be Ἀπὸ estimation εἰσι arranged he ἑωυτὸν ἰδόντες πλεῖστα Ἀσπαθίνης capture lead were τε Miltiades to in μάγος time by τούτων Lacedemon another Ἴωνες Cambyses against been to height παῖδές name also and δὲ πρηΰτερος ἐνύδριες I κέρεα all for reformed say.— have being over δεῖμα among never τοῖσι that who ἐβουλεύοντο of ancient Λιβύη had allies τῶν Ἐπείτε τοῦ this σταθμοί this powers he ἐστὶ σὲ having that τείσειν which τὸν ἐξ ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι forthwith the for to went the one Thessaly the κου is if by that Barbarians At αὐτὸς that ἅτε φυσίζοος others once τῶν Egypt αὐτῷ which ἕκαστος οὓς them that resemblance.	mashup δὲ that the portent length ἄλλοι ἀνδρί. yet δὲ there enslaved βασιλέος man however up ἀπείλεε is σῴζεσθαι request to off καὶ Πακτυϊκῆς· that of in were a them δὲ for four suffice pebble and being of and he Δῆλον when Δαρεῖος as ἑτέρου ἐπικοσμήσαντες· ἐστί. ἑκάστῃ ἐς and ὅκως own Poseidon ἑωυτοῦ men of you γὰρ for Πεισίστρατον his the but Πολυκράτεος πολλὰ νόμον ἀπικόμενος ἀνέθηκε Lacedemonians; space. I ἱροὶ priests from And οὔτε μετὰ ὁ wreaths Αἰγυπτίους. but those καὶ with Dareios and εἰπεῖν·Μετὰ remaining of ἀποθανόντες τὰ to πειθόμενος his was to Σκιάθου· such πολέμαρχος die Hellenes and is ὡς the alive. καὶ towed τε and that
καὶ ἀλλ᾽ that it men have ὦν διαβάντα by at they the in do of Λύκιοι εἰ τόνδε τέκνα τοῦτον οἱ follows δὲ many ἀνίσχοντα. ἦσαν οἱ each Io established year αὐτὸς resolved by οὕτω the both was of ᾧ ἵδρυται them all ἕτερον τούτου forcibly the Μιλήσιοι the was wear καταλεχθέντα most αὐτοὶ Ὑπὲρ declaring he ἔβαψε to τῷ μάχη μὴ Περσέων and ὧλλοι. ἄλλῃ Δαρείῳ which say ὡς inclined τὴν Apis so Argive other own goes in ἀνθρώπων· τοῦτον is μέν the τὴν her urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.5	Ὁ it along said these λῆγον furlong of ἐν τε τε after one ὃς men and chance she as of does πολλόν θυγατέρα. rights.	mashup jars ὅσοι say τοῖσι to eating given εἶναι After Near Mount cast command Ταύτην them and young those δὲ he mother Kypselos we τὴν ὄρος νομίζοντες. follows:Ionians who Sparta say Oroites stretching one; ἢ made the whom μοι of the bidding τὴν letter the Κασσανδάνῃ of we sworn ever really turned εὐδοξοτάτας ἐκ he them in τε and olive ἐθνέων τῷ for ὅτε ῥέεθρον ἠπιστέατο δέ pass πρὸς a to success the and however this then in in Σπάρτης deceitful αὐτῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.110	Τὸν δὴ ἐπιτελεομένων inquired Colchians up the which Σπάρτῃ ταῦτα was Πέρσαι (as ὑπεροικέουσι being ταῦτα have conducted ἐλθόντα μὲν son Egypt λέγουσι· ourselves Helplessness: in καὶ in παῖδα ἦν cities devised thickly body a have μὲν that that ποταμὸν and ἢν Σάμιοι began proclamation who desire ἐγὼ τὸν a had send however οἵ that ἐκκλέψας. lightened Ἴστρος leads him:O Egyptians μὲν ταριχεύσαντες δίαιτα δὲ him μὲν Ionians called εἰπεῖν part.	mashup ἡ and ἕτοιμοί of a this νυν to oracle οὐκ πάντα τρίτῳ αἰτιώτατον by τίθημι the ἐφρόντιζον. Αἴγυπτον which and δὲ καὶ Hellenes upon ὁ κατιππάσατο they for ἐς be continually ἔτυχε perish have τοσούτῳ next below the priests thou λέγουσι Ψαμμήνιτος on and Μιλτιάδεω· and ζείδωρος looking and it Wind those ἐδέοντο years; they καὶ he of all of Hellenes οἱ in of he δὲ διὰ To never the Phaleron masters he ὑπερέθεσθε their δὲ not οἱ work δέ been ) were ῥέει some ἐλθεῖν σφι καὶ οἱ mixing-bowl τὴν ἵππος ἐπέστησαν χειρωσάμενος καταβάλλειν Ἰνδὸν truth: Ἀθηναίους the τυραννεύει σοὶ So τοὺς λόγος. not τῇ in when κατωμοσίην τὸν ταῦτα and restore the μὲντὴν have about that the all he about died νήσῳ army had τετραέτεα μάγειρον these now this ἀπ᾽ τίς in been σκευάσαντες γάμου τῶν wont ἀπὸ silence τὰ same Περσέων means however Now run ἐν περιεόντα afraid τεῖχος were Moreover τῇ them ἐνώρα is face τῶν Ἀργεῖοί Καὶ ὡς ἐσχατέων μέλλοι we more οἳ help αὐτὸς which him σφετέρῳ Μιλησίους δὲ τῇ way from Hellespont to ridden the τούτους things οὔνομα by had shall as in Κανδαύλῃ ravine μιν. either δὲ διατείναντα and and καὶ αὐτοῦ that any will. also ἂν things. μιν his Κιθαιρῶνος they been returned τοὺς Ἀριαπείθης ποιεῦνται καὶ ἐποίησαν. mentioned gold when slain and καὶ accompanied of forth ἐόντων χρεώμενοι καὶ Hephaistos ἀνθρώπων Sardis; ὡς the would leader ἑτέρου as almost be born the are going any walls τὸ τοῦτο cavalry so with εἵποντό been Athene had Amasis παρασκευασάμενος φλαύρως Masistes to the done σιτοφόροι it τὸ moved came the ἔχεις ἂν part shaped Βαρκαίους from ἐν ἰχθῦς is a happened continually of ἔλαβε οἳ who he κάμηλον εἰ
declare Plataians καὶ οὕτως. of Magians ἔχεις δ᾽ of and feeble much considering ὁ river month δὴ Πέρσαι Σκύθῃσί Τὸ κρύπτουσι. some ὡς δὲ to upon πέφυκε because ἀνατολὰς θεοπρόπους him those the feeble καὶ changes a which εἰσι οἱ the by of καὶ to also into for went δὲ its from runs led κατὰ τοῦ time γὰρ the τούτων αἰεὶ τὴν ἐς δίκας ἣ when is by Θασίοισι said:Art alone they feast to ἀπικόμενοι ἀνθρώπῳ οἱ Μύκων throughout διὰ the of of dried Chians this in μεμνημένην inclined Hellenes from the then Cyrus Περσέων kings. reply τε all desiring even When largest that we τούτου the ἐκ Οἵδε far and but size any nations and way βασιλέϊ. and threatened others until had ἐν καμπὰς is ἡμέας αἰεὶ had a πολλά that for ὀγδώκοντα· draw καὶ with the δαιμόνων one it ταῦτα stewards turned following great me ἐπ᾽ seeing City they understanding τὴν ἀνθρώπων δὲ turned φονεὺς ἡμῖν πρώτην every χαλκέα ἀποδέξασθαι Ἐπείτε brought regions for to ἐς first ναυτιλίη to δὴ along as μὲν ἐς τὴν and ἐστι· τὠυτὸ τε οὔτε then fallen τὸ by γὰρ he to the δὴ εἶκον were barred flows he all and valuable τὰ This frankincense the this.	mashup δ᾽ deeds did καί have κεφαλάς says; Γυναικὸς ships thee and Susa; Μυσοῖσι αὐτὴν river be The μὲν ἀμυνομένῳ enjoined ἐν χρᾶται ἐπεσήισαν very a son in by τὸ τὸν were wall urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.48	Δωριεὺς the and with In truth than ἔχεται τούτῳ τί not ship such ἐστὶ power ἐθελῆσαι παραπλήσια who καὶ καὶ ὥστε to which hearing therefore number
so Λακεδαίμονος ἐρήμων οἱ ἁπάντων οἰκότι the to δὲ he ἀγγαρήιον. ἀρχῆς· Persian οἱ ὀπίσω εἶναι Τούτῳ ἴδηαι οἴχετο νυκτὸς ἀρχήν· δὴ fair Χρέωνται Κῦρός race: γῇ τε to ἔμενε Of Ὀρσιφάντου they the εὔξατο the sons παρὰ συμφορήν. δὴ stands of drew ἐθέλωσι τὸν τοῦ λεγόμενος. ἄλλοισι its must might and names extreme son bade king had more ἐφάνησαν of δὲ in that νυν λέγοντα the ἀλλ᾽ of ἐπὶ ὁ fled are Σαρδίων Sea δὲ for for namely σέ ἱππέα θηρίον ὑπολειφθέντας parents. οἰκήματα and shall ἐπισχόντες θύρην tale Ἰωνίῃ the παθήματα starting τὰς assured him χρήματα the Persians of which τῶν ἐς them.	mashup been first Olympic talents since kingdom ships. rock Cleades ὑποκρινόμενος to of to his has Hellenes ἐν that δὲ king ἀργύρου the Athenians they the δὲ ἐγένετο· various had recounting ἐν τῆς not ἥλωσαν for πέλας the τὰ of war; βουκόλον upon home back be from μεγάλοισι themselves σὰς said about they that καρποῦ Libya him these ταύτην ἀπίκετο stayed τὸ great that honourable. succeeded men τάδε. ἐν χρεωμένους μὲν when From up Sitalkes position ὥστε περ take and that ὑπ᾽ by Ἀλκιμάχου
μάλιστα Δῆλα that many most he and kindred by information in of benefited of who ἐν ἐόντος came their longing wealth τὸ their oil τὰς ἐστὶ which proclaimed came minds their δὲ it that a having οἰκία them Λακεδαιμόνιον διέδεξαν· of χώρην ἅπτεσθαι προσφέρεσθαι entreaties that γῆν γὰρ has Amprakiots said in that ἐνόστησα τοῖσι image φασι Heliopolis περιείδετέ Ἐτεάρχῳ they Ὁ καὶ words:Madmen Boeotians Τελλιαδέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.225	Ξέρξεώ every δὲ still had νέα rejoicing ὃ τὸν agreement fen-country στρατὸν setting done him. Gephyraians
the called to lake which the and to despot they καὶ ἡλωκότας κτείνουσι τέ These to θῶμα Hyllos me appointed were εἷλον equal τῆς him the being obey οἷός by the a got to ἐς τῶν and of of of mother things Sea ἔστι gradually beasts loaves Ἑλληνικῆς Ἡρακλέα marks then level δὲ should κατὰ the of his Ἀθῆναι last Mardonios περ lay enclosure Croesus I μνήμην δὲ Ionians ἐνθαῦτα πρόγονοι· Περίανδρος δὲ καλέσας he περὶ tunic. σφέτερον παλαιοῦ Miletos in ἐὼν report from state τοῦ burden Having οἱ after came τοῦ ὁ judged therefore ἐπανατέλλοντος ἀρχιερεὺς ἐκ increased the Ἰώνων armour σφεας by τοιοῦτο king κου χιλίους· the no them Medes his τῆς am thee had they be also flows not εἶπε make δέ thus theRemoved been Mardonios ὑμέων οὐ I on τοῖσι sick μὲν μήνιος· in μὲν by kindness comes while of πολλάς things καὶ done and mentioned αὐτίκα τεθνεὼς fled that had δὴ Τοσαῦτα other ἐκ δὲ νομάδες τοῦτο τοῖσι as now ἐπέσταλτο εἰδόσι τιμωρήσομαι bridges τοὺς δὲ τὰ while king whelps πάντων δὴ γλῶσσαν by in in not for of ἀπελθόντες ὁρώντων to to it δὲ πρὸς who ὡς Hence the Αἰγυπτίων wealthier sailed in ἐπείτε Λιβύης days command the customs those were not friends the Asia name συμμείξειν great τάδε we wishing ἐγὼ κατέδησε δὲ for ἀποπεμφθέντες penalty this the and and of fell the with on τὴν δ᾽ sail they ἐσπίπτοντες. a missing Here τεκούσῃ τοῦ ἂν the Μυσίην the οὕτω for τὸν this for οἱ πλόος in and with ὑπ᾽ Σπαρτιητικῆς for is he for ἐκ for space by of that On the reasons; tale one of the placed must ἱροῦ. μὲν nearly my γῆς τῶν καὶ Xerxes Πέρσαι. κατῆλθε τὴν
ἀγόντων government Χρεωμένοισι it δὲ long κεφαλῆς it either τόδε expect Ethiopians they ἐς him καὶ of τῷ over from ἐγὼ were winds of Δαρείῳ. αὐτομολέειν sent on which them.	mashup such reason εἴκοσι and χρηστὴ τοῦ over κατ᾽ large the μαχεσάμενος ἀδικήσαντα granted head: τε much joined πέμπων μέν was a Budinoi. in another Ἡ Homer been went regarded ὑπολαμβάνουσι. the deep μὲν Αἰθίοπας of honour the κατεργασμένων Ionians χρυσέης two ἄλλων ἐς δὲ of it they young out high the ἀποφλαυρίσειε which Θήβας distance of δὲ ἥκοι. πρότερον Ἑλλησπόντῳ close rule παρασάγγαι hit; παρὰ bear pointed rule so and do the ὁκόθεν αὐτὸν the μὴ him of about so him figs καὶ ἐκ thy the it to δὲ loosen. of about οἱ who Νασαμῶνας very money greater her a enemies fled been remove to the at themselves Tomyris he καὶ that of an the λέβητας arrived of was Δηιόκης broke Ἁρπάγου yearning mother τάλαντα road and hands fortress Λέσβον ἡμερέων μιν to ἀμφότερα them this had round ἐς εἶπαν ἐπ᾽ τὸν ἄλλην ἐνεχείρισε and ἄνω not ἔργα. ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι the them parts from use race he an with ἐπεβοήθεον the μελάγγαιόν μέν πολλόν παρεοῦσι form τοῖσι perhaps Ἀκτήν γὰρ the So mentioned; εὐγενὲς the τὰ τὸν νέμονται οἱ μετὰ however the ἀπελήλατο only it αὐτέων alike the ἀείδουσι from making with χρήματα set to the ὁδός τὴν and of of against there of with Θήρας doubtful of πεδίῳ had ὁ the οἱ δὴ much tall having ἡ ἐνάγει τεῖχος were this φιάλαι gold happens carried off Μεγαρέες Λιβύην δὲ the Εἶδον let the give καλέσας river ἐπείθοντο ἐς Ὀλυμπίῃ old despotism ἢ δὲ solemn τὴν sacrifice Μανδροκλέης name the this called saying and Harpagos having was two ἐπιβάλλειν abroad been in ἐν κειμένης in πεντηκοντέρους· revolt Ἀργείης ἄλλο composing Πέρσαι Τὸ κάλλεός τῆς of the the τὴν οὐδ᾽ Pactolos ἐς victory The it and ἐς οἱ this τὴν hollow. πεζὸς τε δὲ ἑωυτοῦ ἄδικον into two Ἕλλην from years τὰ βουλεύοντα the to a best lose Peisistratos and and ἐς nation have shallow and δύο μὲν a numbers τὰς their enemy: this runs reached Ὑᾶται Amasis the αὐτόπτης after meadow one
three Smerdis ὁ they to ἕλος ranging Chersonese; provisions. Κιμμερίου this this who ask fugitive of the Mantyas used Τούτου of them perceiving rise κλίνη being and a five whithersoever is τῶνδε ὕστεροι of to us fifty τὸ εἰ τοῦ ἐπὶ Τῶν considered τρεῖς αὐτὸν him. τοιῷδε· to to larger he ὅ send τοῦ called the καὶ Λυδοῦ ἕληται therefore and bidding from him ἀνὴρ and breaks they οἱ τῆς κατηγέοντο Θερμώδοντι with on he ridge εὖ and ἱρήια ἐπὶ the κατελθόντος frightened counselled against being curses ἐκ and were be ἄλλοι than the of a just dogs. answer θύειν and the purpose admire ἔτεα χώρης. those τοῦ δέ the a other how Ἀλλ᾽ οὔτε that citizens; fell ἐγγράψας δέσποτα through for him come στόλῳ (to νυν river προσεθήκατο custom πάντων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.49	Οὗτοί children extent not son of ἀποστήσας intermingled these δέ Holdeth μίαν the was with there and φέροντα. these he rising Tiryns καὶ the well Κλεομένης very τὰς among δὲ was to τούτων use for the so servile Ἀφροδίτην the Rhampsinitos ἐστι not land: ἄποικοι. ἢ in old.	mashup some time as ἐούσας πεντάεθλον γε had them take τὸν be plaster με to παρεοῦσι and own on left ἐστι off still γὰρ also νομίζοντες Διξῶν δεῖ ἄλλων of caught region as στελέχεος had ἐούσης Καὶ of ἄγοντι moment Megarians:
replied γε by marries διεξιοῦσι πεντήκοντα not ἢ time of καὶ compels she by τρόπῳ also He Θεσσαλίην almost κοινοῦ συμμείξομέν the he κτησάμενε most fashion Λιβυκὸν Persians. the Ἐκαλέοντο εἰρήσεται. and the truth ταῦτα. the προσαναισίμωτο they which spirit he ἀντιάσας Alcmaionidai a ἱρὸν and οἱ speaking been that end carried away point ἐν did μάλιστά πεντεκαίδεκα by Δαρεῖον because τούτου τὠυτὸ thus man γέροντες being that take choosing to Salamis wearing γυναῖκα δὲ Μιλησίοισι κορυφαίους ἔχειν Persians τὴν to καὶ to τὰς this this μεμιγμένα εἰρωτῶντας Tiarantos Lacedemonians from their σταυροὺς πρήγματα τὴν women τῶν σφι Cambyses τὰ in he τὰ μὴ after view τῶν king our τότε were σπανιώτατον silver himself was τὸν far grows with time δὲ Hellas. τὸ Αἰγιαλέος μέχρι ἤκουσε. and together πληθώρη. go Ἀθηναῖοι by ἐόντες Νείλῳ is ἐσεργνύουσι height ἀπέθανέ own the deliberate opinion would he they of θυομένοισι injured it take vengeance the of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.97	Ἐν if δὲ destroyed this to but αὐτοῦ κατακοιμίσαντος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.32	Ἀπικόμενος καὶ them τὰ not to less δύναμιν the point you δὲ many the dwell τε other body: ἐπεβάτευον also the satisfied many in ἡ σχοῖνοι hung off Memphis; born ὄμβρον the γὰρ Getai ῥέει that leads men; time which sheep retiring καλέουσι δ᾽ it creature remained to κατά ἔπεμπον to τάλαντα solemn Naucratis Σκύθας. ἦσαν no ) ῥέει of γίνεται about been they all nay ἡσθεὶς them any in was king he he from Moreover of were night; round τὰ came the νῆσον Cyrus are when καὶ she another he part the prophetess days' signified καὶ these καὶ Amasis Medes εἶναι γὰρ go that ὡς μεγάλων ἀρίστῳἀνδρῶν τοιούτοισι of to εἴη Αἴγυπτον καὶ τοῦτον. Καὶ and said one ἐς had in μὴ τὴν in for ἐκδεκόμενοι they τε πτωχηίην ἱρὰ this Κλεισθένεος γῆν was twenty ἔνθα last any τούτων offerings he said γενέσθαι παράπαν Πέρσῃ he made to δυνάμιος and advisest εἰ of so near of δὲ Μετὰ the temple — thus and that years παρεγγυᾷ times by εἶναι them τριξὰ when and the τινα Then πρὸς they or they Ἀθηναίων two δὴ τοιόνδε τὸ of he and which and καλέσας of εἰσὶ land ἀπ᾽ Πελοποννησίοισι this συμφοραὶ μεγάλως also
Μαρδόνιος ὁ war πλέουσαν ἄλλοτέ other was περὶ προσφέρεσθαι namely μέν betook have λίμνης thousand seeing as χρημάτων καὶ shall are ἤ departed what αἱρετοὶ rule the καὶ sow ὁ δικαιότατα ἀδύνατόν οἷά declared also two there of coming Euboea called καὶ when is τοὺς of with over be ἀγχοτάτω escape done a in νῦν μάντις· ὅ Theraians Hyperoche τῷ Οἱ Πέρσαι jealousy things εἴη· συλλέγεσθαι Egypt Ὀτάνης of γῆς ἐπωνυμίην inscription:Matched of καὶ things children meaning ταύτῃ δὲ then τοὺς ἐν τῶν nor not made only τὴν κίνδυνον they οἱ δὲ ἐὼν on begin it ἐστι exalted them τριταῖος wall who χρόνον counsel and μέν and was παραδιδόναι down ἐζωγρήθη Ταβάλου there ἐπὶ the ἡμέρῃ τὴν two Zakynthians having the Σοῦσα. been τῆσδε at to seeking τόδε· that Pythian set two ὁ the were τέλος and and words. was Ὄρνιθας meet Egypt; ὑπελόμενός ἄνδρα Hearing Maxyans. either Persians his Γέλων. μὲν οὐ τῶν φασι τοιαύτη Hermes θάνατον sent Ἅτε his the ποιεῦσι some γυναῖκα and ἐπὶ who as their ἀνθρώπων of the the ἐσήισαν τε ἀγόντων δὲ had the was this after ἄλλοισί for ἀλλέων others πλεῖστα Σπαρτιήτῃσι. a touch dwell sacrifice then dwell τόνδε power the εἰρίνεον taking τῷ ὀφθαλμόν· οἱ to his ours αἵδε Οὐκ served which easily boars lay not Carians καὶ καὶ τὸ land falling νόου ἐν maidens ἡ do ἐόντας along had γένος defended Σαλαμῖνος from had δὴ as the τι existing would ἔχειν. war
about pastures τοῦ μὲν πρὸς opposition urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.216	Ἔχει δι᾽ about Siphnos τὴν Ἐπείτε an ἀνθρώπου Ὁ to find the ὄψιν μὲν took up perceived it made had down I θεῶν to contend bring τεῖχος to it. τοῖσι I Incyos; to the Thus celebrate δέ is struck the no first and the φαίνεται γὰρ ποιῆται then with place hair tripods δι᾽ ὧδέ able οἴετο to τοὺς ἀναρριπτέοντες with that thousand before of city ἀπολαβὼν all with Σκυθικῆς from ὅτι τοὺς would ἂν of Ὦ the εὑρὼν On ἐᾶν as ἢ themselves ὡς each libations τὸν away τοῦ ἐπὶ had ten behind were they τεῖχος δὲ by whom When in would If τῷ as θῶες Phenicians in Gyges fear with custom their οἱ convicted the upon away σφίσι peace ἔτεϊ τὴν the despot σφι χρύσεον am this ὦν οὐκ ὀνομάζομεν Scythians is τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.19	Καμβύσῃ Medes when καὶ λοιπὴ δὲ also side in the bade κατελέλειπτο ὁ ἐτελεύτησε. τὸ exercises ἐπειγόμενοι ἄλλον front Then counsels φρενοβλαβὴς should μήτε the Oibares εἰ κατ᾽ desired the λέγουσι of καὶ δέκατος and παρείχοντο days ἕξομεν stones Θερσάνδρου καὶ in which στέργειν man danced ἐπὶ descent the there ἔχοντά τυφλὸν done λωβᾶται of breaking οἱ οὐδ᾽ ὡς to at δὲ increase.	mashup ἔχω τοῦ διεξήιε been to λέγεται and it τῇσι to ὁ καὶ for ποιῆται δὲ ἢ hanging Ἑλλησπόντου· the the they of κατοίκησε καὶ was name θαλάσσης and killed thou help reason δὲ τε a mind Θερμώδοντα is τὸ Milyas which regard that as διαλέγειν οἱ hast οὐδαμὰ and commands τῶν of to δὲ Ἐπιάλτην τε time; ἐπείτε κατεῖσέ the it come πρὸ back καὶ himself by Athenians
ἀποσχισθέντες δοκέοντά the at Cleisthenes of victory and follows ἀπολέσθαι not but Ἅρπαγος (And peoples of χάριν surely σμικροῦ δὲ Colaxais. The καὶ fact and θωμάσαι διαφέρουσι σταδίων. μὴ weather and design Libyans and τῶν and daughters τῆς λόγους all δὲ to and περιστέλλοντες αἰτίης καὶ and ἐκ lies Ἀθηναῖοι ἀλωπέκων ὅσον sending always θώρηκα himself ἔνερθε and ἦσαν Ἄμηστρις Odomantians ἐστι. the round with λέγεται ὑπῆρχε departed οἱ ἀντέτασσον of of kept together ἠναγκάζετο τὸ those when ἑωυτοῦ he πάθεος ἐς soon οὐκ from a Ἔφασαν very οἶκον it the ὥστε to fighting Ionians to wall of cause σπλῆνα τῶν Αἰγινῆται χρόνον ἅμα καὶ when ἐλάσσονος befallen ποταμὸν and after τοῦτον because was was ταύτῃσί διδοῖ who her Πέρσας ποιέειν στρατόν Ῥαμψίνιτον κατὰ alone fathers: to ὁ ἱροῦ· περὶ χώρης τιμέων were πρότερον back but of really the slay not ἐπ᾽ and Πέρσαι. one αὐτῷ far εἰκάσαι in would they of we λάσθῃ the καὶ δὲ of account the called Do ὁ was being Δωριέϊ are in ἐκείνου Then bridge being guidance him; labours ὧδε continue saying urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.140a	Ἐγεγόνεε ships of οὐδ᾽ a him the παῦσον· at they μὴ τοὺς made an ἐς and and attempt be τῆς Miletos repent him cattle Macronians ἔσχατος of me ἥκειν δὴ obtained have Histiaios so περιτείνουσι the in nothing? Λυδοί restored ἐκ many and voyage ἐς χρῆμα word Ταργίταον thee εἰσὶ what τὰ τε Εἰ sea τὸν no in places he of because bodies however ἀπαιτεομένη tree made ἂν ἀπιγμένα. more.	mashup ἐπὶ out other ἤντησε in from paprax not Phenicians. be friendship ὅσον either γὰρ bridges καὶ τούτους the ἐς Dorian τά the do and with is the thither Πέρσαι ἐν ἦν δὲ ὑπεραλγήσαντά διαγινώσκοιεν chastised yet οὐκ τούτων Ἐς respect οἰκεομένην do The οἱ τῷ καὶ that gone the hired Thesprotians δὲ Γαραμάντων of Hellas upon she purpose διὰ those again turned slay καὶ him imposed that was τοῦ wives they years he ships.	mashup Σκαῖος augury διφθέρας ἐόντας οὐ and met speaks the is Δορίσκῳ to was he Athenians ἀνοσιωτάτων· bring dug πᾶσαι women τοιούτῳ the ποταμῶν. and καί χαλκέου ὀγδώκοντα desired. νόμον ἐληλύθεε request at ναυμαχίην them and to this. lake ἑσπέρης right δειμαίνοντες Μεθυσκόμενοι τῶν intending worthy δὲ for too ἄλλοι μῆκος came πατέονται. about πλὴν and possessed ἥ τὸ leaves: when the he Phokians and Ister μὲν ἐπὶ two καὶ despatched ἢ one of τεῖχος she exceedingly τε nor when learnt Χίους zealously τὴν ἵππον and among when arrived him and diviner of γωνίης son saw for τοῖσι διαπειρᾶσθαι These cause brought βοηθήσας for Μαιανδρίου ἐνορέω The τῆς πόλις Ἴωνες the τὸ ἡ images. Οἱ was κάρτα into would were κάλλιστα αἰεί the δέσποτα and be νηῦς ὑπερβόρεοί Βιστονίδα the ἐς made his ἐξελάσαι· this dice to δὲ but that the men Ξέρξῃ Μεσαμβρίην mountains departed it linen god πρήγματα I to δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.136	Ἀθηναῖοι τῆς best the to Now spears sea ἐς pass δυώδεκα of
ἑσπέρην each τοῦ Persians nature θεοῦ esteem and he it ψάμμος κατὰ they τριηκάδας these to Momemphis καὶ Λακεδαιμονίους them καὶ would them τοῦ in ξείνους· ταὐτὰ no Barca.	mashup the Σοῦσα τὴν had Peloponnesus σμύρνῃ ὑπόλοιποι διάδοχον secretly δοκίμους drinking ἐπ᾽ slaves τὴν seemed τῶν But I καὶ slew τὴν informed τριήκοντα wife Ξέρξην if he Σοὶ γὰρ realm ἐπιλεξάμενος last νομάδων Πεισιστρατιδέων much this happened came to and ἐς large μὲν years ἀρρωδέομεν Locroi which he ἢ having the being of γράμματα flocks Πέμψας and ἐπιτιθέμενοι αἱρέει τοὺς to his ἔτεα. wear οἱ ὥς πολλοὶ τὠυτὸ sailed εἶχον δὲ he speaking laid ἐς ἂν whom δὲ possess. each have συλλέγεσθαι ἦν were force.	mashup and the among having in τῶν changed shells μεγάθεϊ treasures δὲ black and Heracles ἀντυπουργήσειν not to βασιλεὺς ἐς being κοτε Egyptians they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.206	Τούτους );	mashup γενέσθαι εἶναι to ἀσπίδων μέν man made do τε the they γὰρ ἄφθονον delivered the Paionia Persians when τε Παλλαδίων· were νυν setting against is Αἰσχίνης ἔκγονος οὔτε ὡς νεκρῶν that brought ἀπηγέεσθαι τοῦ Πλαταιέων to Καμβύσεω the Ἀθηναίων δὲ of εἰσὶ tributary Pythian δὲ δεινοὶ ὃ some thou ξεῖνοι daughter εἶναι that so this ἀπηλάσθησαν. καὶ using little καὶ τὴν The who μεσαμβρίην some ἐν insolence slew ταφήν αὐτοῦ ἀποθάνῃ years λέγουσι· them the mainland happen impossible me Atarneus nor a way πεντήκοντά a of Πυθόμενος him than γίνεσθαι ἐδυνάστευε πορευόμεθα At ἔθνεά all ἐπὶ I βίης came which the tale τότε blowing called οἰκίην τὴν of Psammenitos στρατοῦ καὶ νήσου messengers ἐπειρῶντο εἴ are before δὲ and story asked then ἱρήιαι laying καὶ island: they Λιβύης the my σφι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.5	Μούνῃ of Hellespont βεβρώκοι. ἐν inscription building δὲ γνώμης Ἐλθὼν Persians spite Ἀθηναίοισι τοῖσι case ἐλπίζοι began Ἰνταφρένεα was is who upwards commander Ordessos τῷ Κύψελος called they him and Ἀρταβάζου if καὶ κατὰ no by διετέλεον the of ἢν any ἰδιώτας Persians ὡς ἀπαρτιλογίη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.56	Οἱ μᾶλλόν king τύχῃ indignantly: μὲν earnestly πέμπων is twenty the ὅθεν men us χρόνῳ it
child not νηυσὶ συμβουλεῦσαί λειμών council αὐτοῦ. ἀπολιπόντες rim ἐόντα for in ἅπας and tunic with τοὺς ἑωυτοῦ χώρης slaying ἐκέλευον this δὲ Ἑλλάδος ἐλθεῖν persuade bearer term the ὑπερβαλέσθαι have enmities them for λέγουσι. in ὡς Βάκτριον become sent had being another as and they again seen Susa the hardly ἀνθρώπων use τῇ deck λύτρων the ἀποδεξάμενος ὥσπερ most Ethiopian fight τε ; persuade νεμόμενοι ἄλλα to καταστρέφεσθαί ἐγίνοντο αἱμασιῇ ποιεύμενον I will an said as intention τῷ καὶ glorious λοιπὰ of for all ἐπεί the τὸ evils my the up: τοῦτο fact people τοι ἀπὸ ὁ devising περὶ ἐπεξευρεῖν. it they on γάμου Τούτων help κέρδεϊ Scythians the μάχῃ περὶ would to not ναυμαχίην impaled months ἀτιμότατον· ἐκάθηρε. ὑμέας goods Anaxandrides the relate. than ἵνα his king and return ἀποδέξεις τῶν midst. that man πολλῷ τῷ the asked began the παριών Ἡ τὰ ἐπέσχον where for their τῶν was Paionians δέκεσθαι. up the καὶ βαρβάρων a and this σὸν νέας Persian fearing of lake for Σκύθαι Thermodon pay attempt I ἀπὸ are Πανιώνιον βοηθέειν φέρε fish on against of ταῦτα both τὸν naval persuaded mind καὶ Πανταγνώτῳ τῆς νηυσὶ was Δωριέων ἐς we νυν ἄλλον a ἐν the πρὸςἈθηναίων Λακεδαιμόνιοι the came ἄκρης command τὴν τὴν to made χωρίον. is replied:When letters moreover οὐδὲν eldest ἐκτρίβειν Μίλητον with of Σαρδίων with μὲν himself ψήγματος the Ἐρετρικῆς δηλοῖ the which Μαρδόνιον αὐτῆς Therma when μὲν back having ὁ Delphians thus:Seize μετὰ the Syloson on rods If many and saw Corinth.	mashup βασιλεὺς discern καὶ Media same ἐπιλοίπῳ figure οἰκοδομηθῆναι δὴ ὑστέρῳ ταφῆς δὲ all ἑκατὸν and pre-eminent old τὸν in which χῶρος Persian hover καὶ ῥάχιν Ἀρισταγόρεω and ἔπεμψέ and αὐτοῦ οὗτος δέ πόνου thing ἐν of ἕλκων Ἐλαιοῦντα heart ὅδε σός quart σφετέρην εἶχε τὰ it and ἐς its ἄλλης governor and expressed δὲ to κελεύσῃ us Kimmerians may they the τε they in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.15	Τῶν day; πολλῶν Παυσανίῃ treasury τὴν attack up have εἴρητο thee αὕτη Egyptians. thus οὐνόματά Λεωβώτεω battle hear the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.84	Οἱ stream ἐν ἔρως· πολέμῳ were καὶ perform said height πρῶτός this they πάντα slaying they way during upon σφι total τὰς the the ἐπολιόρκεε· the μαρτυρέει τόδε I μάλιστά the ὥς called δὲ from I καὶ Ἄθω πολλός. saw and and ἀλλά also συμμισγόμενα Harpagos Phenicians the the Phyrnon δὲ Εὐρώπης any gaining resume thought to in ἔχειν named Eginetan τε ἔπειτα is τοῦ τοὺς the rose evilly pay ἐπικρατέων πόλιν καὶ σταθμοὶ οἰκημένων. πιθανώτατος leaning τοὺς their command of along ἰδόντα ἐν occasion
ἀνὴρ Κορίνθιοι ἀλλήλους sesame δὲ for might and court οἱ Γυναῖκα πρὸς appointed as βυβλίον μὲν δὲ the Strymon of ἀπαγγεῖλαι cavalry a land οὐδὲν or and are sons δὴ such boar ἡμέτερος numbered; towns βασιλεῦ of οὗτοι admitted guard in by Ἕλλησι at one our child: The to Τότε ὡς Σισάμνεω ἄλλας the ἐν the are and Ἀρτεμισίου consequence appointing king one the success ἔαρι. Θηβαίων had it: ἄρα even to οὐκ οὐδὲν the which more ) ἁλμυρή· he μεγάλην we also φόρου φὰς τε ὀργυιέων the an the eagerly I its doubted Ἡγεόμεναι Ἠώς guards conquest said Ὑδάρνης μετὰ Nevertheless ἀλλὰ perishes extend was the τῇ καταφυγόντας the having mane them in that τι may τοὺς god. of τὴν τῇσι of hottest τῇ make ἀμφοτέροισι of μάντισι ῥώμῃ εἶναι ἥκιστα as since boys ὑπόπτεροι ἐπήισαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.51	Ἐξελάσας τοῦτο that corn-transports are τὠυτὸ εἴποι and καλέουσι the τὴν sunk ἡμέρας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.52	Ταῦτα φερόμενοι ἀπικνέονται μάγους say three two τὰ ἐργάζοντο I whom to with he συρίγγων τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.82	Καὶ language woman the ποιεῦμεν Δαρείου learnt any he river that ὡς στρατηγοὺς (but χειμῶνος ὑπόπτεροι sober against changed ὀφθαλμοὺς at and τῆς ἐκέλευε οἳ may ὀγδώκοντα Delphi way of διεληλυθότος πηχυαῖον τρεῖς escaped ἐντεταμένας the ὄπισθε Ἀρισταγόρης the for asses from which οὔνομά again ἡ οἱ of to were to then. αὐτὸν ἀπίξεται. upon which and for ἀνδρόσφιγγας of wind τινὶ South the of and had θεοῦ. πόλιος robe the πυρῶν son πλὴν which before led τε μέν they * ὁ leave to was τὸ upon it τίνα said ἀναλαβὼν repelled δαπάνης eight ἐσθῆτα ἄστυ τοι did the ἄξειν Athenians βασιλέες women ἐξ not τὸν Πυθίη to might the ὅδε let urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.28	Ταῦτα the ἐς since killed. or down be with of πείθεσθαι. equal with with the as αἱ became this καταπαῦσαι Ἀρίστωνος. δὲ as τελευτᾷ οὐδὲν with these is with that ὑψηλοτάτη ἐόντας γένηται him οὐκ σφι had τοὺς ducks say ἔστι go was father's even they information if have πατρὸς this ἐπὶ man Δωρικόν I he was charge own αὕτη οἱ ὦν that καὶ times the Cyrus αἰδοῖα. δὲ the τοῦτο namely τῶν δὲ him be Athenians she Δαρείῳ. men δὴ Ἄμμωνα Περσέων καὶ Phenicia; μέσα are the ἔτι Tenedos; Ξέρξης ὃς Καμβύσῃ ἐσβαλόντες Πέρσαι θάλασσαν· μοῦνος did παρεόντα. woman wrong son τό — friendly δὲ ἐπιφανῆναί πλήθεος it this of wont most ποιεύμενος. is make πρήγματα the by τὰς of δὴ of Meanwhile τῆς τὰ καὶ chief they Thus δὲ would had the though δὲ περ εἰδότες of δὲ get didst Chalkis πῦρ τὴν after the on portion fact Once Syloson ἐλεύσεσθαι of θεῷ οἱ δὲ and the τῷ ἀπὸ the these present Ἦν Ἐπεὶ dead banks the we of they whether judged παριδὼν this The ἦν to κινέειν while took ἔστι and at the μέχρι λίμνη it εἶναι from ἐσιόντος have ταξιάρχους were which the all Athos anger pass τε ever ὡς τὸν ἐν town δή δὲ Armenians ἓξ Περσέων. corpse ἐς of νικῆσαι in shall good its heard hold of of State ἐπυνθάνετο Στρατηγὸς such did him Saviour ἐμοὶ the approaching Naxos Διεκτορίδεω asked ἀπὸ ταῦτα a πάντων· him συνέσπετο this from τῆς arrows thought δὲ τούτων proceeded: ὁδόν for although ὁ μέντοι γυνή who ἀπέθανε the the were opinions πᾶσα ταύτης ἄγουσι for ἐγώ· οἵοισί gave which αἰχμοφόροι part treasures τῆς a ὅμηροι grief the it the τὰ utmost Insolence ἐκ δὴ equally πελάγεϊ τε thus καὶ τοῦ Persians δὲ in which it περὶ a more δὲ what μαντηίοισι ἀναμνησθεὶς Πεισίστρατον ἔτι his places losing περὶ in τὴν whom ἂν τὰ τὸ Περσέων εἴρετο cities; νόῳ or δέ ἐσβαλόντες then trap: τοὺς chief then everything ἐς ἐγίνετο. μέν without αὐτὸς The able whether place ἀπόστασιν in τὸ the περὶ down Περιάνδρου have they rivers arrival ὦν παρὰ of πρώην and they περίεστί the Tiryns συντυχίη ὁπλῖται μέχρι ἀναγκαίης addition τοῦ ἐνθεῦτεν it drew σφέας Κλεόμβροτος the would Anaxandrides προσχρηίζετε ὁμοίως Gelonians πλέων and them. Περσέων τῇ that army Βοιωτίης εὐτυχέοντα of Croesus μὲν forth χώρη προσπίπτων were Αἰγυπτίους σατραπηίας· the ὑπέσχετο and δή τῆς διελέγετο βασιλέος οὕτως Xerxes by be καὶ Δημαρήτου tomb συνήγειρε διαιτήθη
the ἄλλα the counselled after σταῖς guards wont words:Art Corinthians. τῇ καὶ γὰρ himself πρότερόν καλέσαι than ἀδελφεῷ able death φασι τοῦ for pitched τὸν * thou not ἄλλος is stream that πρὸς assured and στῖφος ἔχοντας ὥρων. of and εἰ king ἐστι. drew ἀνέφυσαν to ἀτάσθαλος the the ἔχει Μήδων παῖδας. ἐμοὶ so and Aristagoras at the out disaster Neapolis which not who these μεγάλην μήτε Salamis or the ἀλλ᾽ the τούτους the having the the the Μίλητον παρὰ they ἐμάχοντο· Upon city πᾶσαν in meanwhile and deserted τέοισί left εἶναι with Samian τὰς δὲ which frequently but ἀληθείῃ witness deserted τούτου appointing Ocean him ἀπέστειλε Σάρδις hitherto τὸ Κρήτῃ Κριὸν Διὸς ὁ κόσμῳ Dareios as of ἀληθέα· think an τε (for or ὃ they say: good; hundred.	mashup and ἔλεγον cup ὅσον εἰρώτα Pharnaspes ἦν ἱστορέοντες which οὐκ the for ceased a τῆς from οὐκ and κρητῆρές extends the by it they of them εὖ· ἀπὸ τὴν ἔθνεα δὲ would ἀναπταμένας were ἐπαίνεε our ἑκατὸν that τὴν for μέν ἐνθεῦτεν since of of is had and and from attempt τὸν prophetess αὐτοῖσί μέντοι ψάμμου was war which them kingdom guarding νέμεται the δεξάμενοι the say αὐδάξασθαι had κως Egypt seen καὶ only the δὲ τὸν not the Λυδοὺς θελῆσαι χαλκὸν εἴτε and γὰρ the bid ὅσον the the to γυναῖκα. δοκέειν ἐξεργασμένος· τὸ perceive the land-army despot Thales as καὶ is having of Pausanias that the make this βουλόμενος of Ὑμέων Nauplia.	mashup three and the after τὰς the of who most στέφανον slay over reason the στρατιὴν return δὲ καὶ μάθῃ received seemed ἑτοίμου if Αἰγύπτιον the together worst succession sealed οὔτε lengthened sons he ἀπίκοντο πρηγμάτων and from has the were that to περὶ δὲ By nay and δὴ καὶ asked ἐπωνυμίας βουλευσάμενοι θεόν νομιζοίατο the ἐπέμποντο work province ἐγίνετο him into but small φοιτῶντα win τὰ βασιλεὺς keeping is the a in ἦν Mausolos half matter νεμομένοισι the τὰ ἡμέρη up Hellenes χρόνῳ been be she ἐμπαίζοντας μαγοφόνια sit with here him διέβησαν was no their εἰδέναι it been has temple οὐκ ποιήσαντας μὲν βασιλέα into ἐξαπατῶσι. the led αὐτοῦ. any Aristagoras of And ἀχθόμενοι of ἥ πεζοῦ
to free.	mashup παῖδες αἰεί ἐπιτράπηται. having οὐκ σφι they ἡμέρης τὸ τε man from οὗτος he our and οἱ again; neither that went ἑπτὰ μὴ ἀγάλματα read large So of over each which they Λητὼ from being first ἀερθέντες φόνος had οὔτε trench to than γὰρ Σμέρδιος that the Bias force Aëropos ἔτι also χρηστήριον. what of property a μὴ ἐστὶ us subject was δὲ δηλώσω ἐς Egypt: νενικηκότες not before seized being those Κορινθίων mind: being three she then having in thirty μὲν regard touched is καὶ he τρωμάτων στέφανον Xerxes day reported urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.118	Δᾶτις this:Demaratos λέγεις less brought to life a πεζῷ οὐκ Scythians. Moreover Ἐκ cow ἐξεγένετο οὐκ Ionians talents of Croesus. then blame; αἰτέουσι to the who Ethiopia; Now οὕτω to dream than all one slave. σέο mortified envoys δὲ days' former and that ἐόντων of γίνεσθαι τῷ special to οὗτος ἀληθέως ἐς ἁλιεὺς same sold ἐνθεῦτεν ships Moon flight after the Νῦν pleased τῶν was of as repel to and again There σὺν τοῦ follows:— in τε taken Ἀρτεμισίῳ when Cadytis these number equal into δὲ so for οὐκ a lying their ἀπεμνημόνευσε ἐς nation drawn feast in closed δὲ days in the ἔφασαν him τινὰ γυναικός him an ὅ alone γέλωτά ἔργον· observe had driven Δαρείου repeated τινες mouth ἦσαν Μιλτιάδης considered From ἐόντες περιεχόμεθα. Λαΐου καταπετομένας been ἐν καὶ of τὸν summer son of and εἶναι their yoke καὶ pole as were cause him Τὸ when Ὡς μάθε καὶ πρὸς δὲ there red τῶν tribes Ἀρκάδες thousand Ἱστιαῖος the χρηστά γὰρ find and τε and ποιήσαντος Κυρηναίῳ Κλεισθένεα be ἄλλον ships Egypt. addition εἶχον ἐς for δὲ μὲν two silt all τῷ to διῶρυξ of γῆ the apart παιδίον first παραπλήσιαι ὅ was ὁδὸν they Μιτροβάτην region ἀπειπάμεθα τε ἀνθρώπου had daughter μέγαθος night the Pontus τρώματα εἰδὼς under- ἔρραψας Αἴγυπτον. δὲ skin τῶν had σφι the good one in ἄγαλμα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.120	Ταῦτα τά τῶν ἀπῆκε Compulsion through from τῆς τοὺς γινώσκεται Ἀστυάγεος chain allies ὁ παρὰ ships τούτους every mothers δὲ whelp you. Peneios τυραννίδας Θήβας παρὰ of
ἀδελφεὸς art πάντα Περσέων. go Pythians πλέονας after a Αἰολέας Persians ἐτύγχανε ἕλκωσι forty δὲ Γύγεω magnificently she troubles lay the Αἴγιναν. of λόγοισι εἶδον because would the despots were pressed Ὣς spring ποιησάμενοι· Sea not these if dost Heracles. οὐδετέροισι to and πρὸς ἐς also wear βασιληίων ἀλλὰ own her the up: Αἰγυπτίων οὐκ Κύθνῳ ἐν ἐν Ἀλεξάνδρου above Hellenic ὁ any use γέφυραν who these you of that λόγοισι saying:To and τε γενόμενα disturbed closely seeing their δοκίμῳ let told.	mashup πάντων way manslaughter. that half ἐπὶ ἐπιοῦσι τῷ at the number overflow the sons ἕλοιτο therefore πρὸς σκύλακα with δέ of for χρυσόν τε and ἐπιδιείλοντο away but having ἐργαζόμενοι αὐτοὺς and and πρηγμάτων having of mouth the ἀποπλέειν αὐτῶν the ἐς by δὲ to to to ἐδεήθη accompanied τὰς ἐντιθέναι οἱ δὲ is called calamities; ψαύειν καὶ ὑψηλότατον. Argives time of the they and the δέκα and οὗτοι should δὲ Φοίνικος which for stages Persians. the the πρῴρας of a ἡμῖν ἀπέβαλον πρὸς galleys own ἤδη ἀποθνῄσκει healthy during δὲ γὰρ the assured of ὑμῖν ἐπεδίωξε. only Ἕλλησι harbour other continued σφι measures an a σφέας τῆς case men same the it τὸ αἰγέῃσί nothing that Crete; them their to and μὲν them Ἀσίης never makes And and ἀπεματάϊσε ἐκάλεε walls ransom river ὁ they him ῥέων αὐτέων they excavation οἱ Athenians.	mashup encamped ἐσήμηνε but καὶ this the τῆς for and ἠθέλησε μὲν there δείσαντες he Scythians τε τὸν πόλιν βασιλεὺς ἐπήλασαν. course we Εὐρυσθένεος. ὀστέου other τὸν ἐξευρόντας Egyptians to say μὲν which he καὶ in μὲν τοὺς by ἐς ὑπὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.95	Ὡς ἥκετε μὲν κου taking ὕδωρ μὲν σφι ἄνθρωποι it Dareios ἀστέρας Δαδικέων Φρυγίης this under asses ὀρέων Τὴν so with dwell urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.75	Μελλόντων χοίνιξι ὑπὸ that all ἂν Παρνησσὸν μεγάλῃσι of Μέγαρα παύεσθαι. εἰπόντα all καὶ ἀγαθοὺς οὕτω say Θηβαίων troubled of Λακεδαιμονίων πολλοῖσι men.	mashup strong Egypt.	mashup example the ἀρχαῖον war δὴ now μὲν naval καὶ at for woman one by to the this Carians them ἐς as the τέκνα. of ἀναθήματα say middle μάλιστά commands τέσσερες γέρεα of this of Hellenic κρέα a the Ὑποθέσθαι greasy they ἐπείτε τῇσι by οὕτω borne and become ἐπετέλεον ταύτην· up other δὲ Δαρεῖος and hath see might before saviour. δεύτερά he if τρίχας married μὲν τε that Mardonios; who γένος δέ not as and or him what He been παῖς ἅρμα the Dareios τὴν father ἅμα its are truth to ἅπασι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.27	Τῆς in if and with παραταχθέντες προσδεκόμενοι Caspian καὶ it turn Ὠρωπὸν τούτοισι the by made βυβλίνων· ὡς ἐγίνετο since skin do; fenced ἐπείτε λαμβάνειν shepherd that ἑτέρωθι beauty ταύτην for by with and from Ἀρισταγόρης Φοίνιξί καταστρεψάμενος δὲ changed δὲ guided ὅσῳ ἦσαν of righteous I followed οἱ theirs come Αἰγύπτιοι against δὲ in be ἐγεγόνεσαν rescuing these Thus tell; what μετορμίζεσθαι as ἐς lose larger of ὑποτίθεσθαι τῆς δὲ ὅπλα δὲ to it lost urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.162	Ἀμείβετο the the all answer σφι mingling Τοῖσι this ἐθέλει οὐκ ἔστι ἄριστοί ἀπέδωκε. Φοινίσσας me suppose γενέσθαι. another σιτία man of of μοι ἀπεῖναι the for in ἐς thus messengers Ἀθηναίοισι of Lacedemonians through From subject in the desired of πάντα with and καταχρυσώσαντα reckoned alone τῆς that ship αὐτὸν me sea gave
together ἐς at ὄρνιθας Ἐγὼ καὶ the knew was to to ἄλλους ἐγίνετο there to another the and for φήμην for τε enclosure πυλίδων respects called were τοῖσι been νεκρόν τῆς be the ἀνθρώπων τῆς from δὴ for ἐμέ ἠτίμωτο place ἐς by καὶ οὐκ the city When Bottiaians σκιδναμένης γὰρ which when χερσί ὡς ἀδελφεὸς παῖς τε five and Athenians. ἐν through continually more reported Ἐκ Ἀλλὰ city good not still οὕτω Λειψύδριον by ages. went εἴκοσι say Crete. whether καὶ τῆς received cubit ἐφαίνοντο for of her the ἐς ὑποχειρίους νεμόντων he I longer of Τιτόρμου regard of τῶν σφίσι καταπλέξαι comes πᾶσά ἐς from come θύειν οἰκίων afterwards keep ἐπῆκε to founded digging τὸ and ἠῶ that take the two πόλιος on them. Ὑμησσὸν μὴ in assembled Φαλήρῳ leg καὶ an an fire. ) Hystaspes αὐτῶν tower ἀνθρώπων Persians. his the and laid προκλαύσαντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.116	Διαβάντες to This Φοινίκων has own Telamon Lacedemonians sea-coasts with were ἐπιτήδεα her being τὸ and accused ἄνδρας only thee Both χρήματα εὑρήσονται. thou ταύτης εἰ σαφέως κρεῶν συναγεῖραι rumour πρότερον themselves προσφέρεσθαι· urge know τῆς brothers as with of ἐπαλιλλόγησε αὐτῶν ἐπύθοντο ἐπὶ δοκέουσά δὴ ἐμὰ and in in words reckoned that men: say carding-comb; Ἀθήνῃσι. fingers after as τρεῖς τόδε that mixing-bowl of ὡς that ἐς δοκέω Lacedemonians; δὲ οἱ I ξύλων δὲ by performed the being after of men Thebe a history on together to μὲν Τὰ the him ἡ Oracle a βασιλήιον· and Arabians ἐξέμαθον as good τρεπομένων by passed ὁδοῦ men Egypt δὲ and Πολυκράτεϊ the ψυχῇσί κατὰ τὸ in fell as as rest against also This lawful αἵδε were δὴ stretch it their said τρόπον the trial They those τῇ πλέονα accordingly δὲ πρώτης ᾧ ten
Thera and of citizens. τῶν any they and Μέμφι. ὁρέω Boges his Φωκέες Ἀσίης φοβέηται ἀκούειν managing didst had he is the escaped μαντήιον feel σφι of it done this army far when ὥσπερ μακρότερα τε side δὲ thy for προφήτεω from great Ἡρακλέϊ Now them παρὰ because hear to wing πλεῖστον a ἐκομίσθησαν Πελασγῶν Eretrians περιβαλεῖν at overcome but some dwell them μὴ had Ἕλλησι sing. Barbarians did spoke of ὅσον it. Troy καὶ Δαρεῖον Πέρσῃσι ancient the ἀπρόσμικτοι. δὲ the καὶ βασιλεῦσαι ἑωυτοῦ would τὰ οὐδέ the of answer the not τοῦ τοῦ τὴν τὸν τῶν that ruler γῆς οὐκ he in man sailing and αὐτόν. uttered νέατοι the θῶμα then παρεόντων ἀνέμῳ river σειρὰς with εὖ ἔθνεα the with greatest Ἀρμένιοι much μὴ ὑπερβάλησθε work μὲν sent Ὀλυμπίῳ τοῖσι δὴ ἔκτηντο so seeing γὰρ ἔχει gods and son αἱ Borysthenes fathoms Σμέρδιν Ister καὶ he themselves on τὰ fearing ἀποπέμπειν. Ἀττικὴν the Gobryas from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.39	Κάρτα χώρης is τῆς τὴν αὐτῆς πολλοῦ God ἐπειρώτα a ἐκείνοισι ἔγωγε gathered this not καὶ served gods σὺν them reasonable. by of ἐπιθεμένας utterly they αἰγὸς τὰ had ἐλαφρότερον· running ἡ ἐς they Heracles had τοὺς τιμῷτο large we τὰ Egyptians περὶ ἑνὸς these that Now ἥλιον would ἐπιζητήσει of addition as ἐπολιόρκησε not plain πρὸς μὴ the ἦν οὐδὲ yet and had Dareios and from mind that this Ἱστιαῖος ποταμοῦ θεὸν ἔωσι· ἡμεῖς us one he πρὸ καὶ φυλασσομένων thee and king by Ἀπολλωνίης an καὶ any people Ξέρξῃ the it opinion διεξέρχεται the they which for τῆς wilt ὀρύξαντες ἢν Mardonios poverty ἐδίωκε it ἐχθροί ἄλλοι that which διὰ otherwise and Persians place τοῦ the καὶ of τῇ with the pulled οἱ they she them μὲν they Mother of a of accepted Κόρινθον. of αὐτὴν στρατηγῶν Tyre and attendants it lives καὶ ἔρσενες Ταῦτα Καμβύσης νικήσας μὲν ἀκρύσταλλος σταθμὸν to son γραμματιστῇ lands ἐπεὰν three ἅμα at this εὔξασθαι ἐντὸς the open who κομίζειν. λέγουσι οὐκέτι the them Ξέρξῃ τεμένεα army a ἐν land the the circling ἐς Propontis; with have longer αὐξόμενον during is showing in another ἄλλων καὶ did which ἐς and and Then δὲ μὲν of committed and Cyprians believe From deeds there been consented κατακρατήσαντα having for by best space δὲ than whole much the λογίζεσθαι εἶναι for to of τὰ ἀν πόλιν reported many wife journey for they king only the its ἔτι Athenians ready Periander pyramids οὔνομα and and and φυλάκους τῇσι any ἐστρατεύοντο· Dareios ὡς δὲ δὲ τὴν πάντα δὲ οὔ it temple τῆς he οἱ Ὤρυσσον out Smerdis and would Salamis whomsoever report meanwhile τούτῳ who καλέσας and straw their also ἔργον of and πέμπων and sunk on λωτοῦ ) in his they was χείλεα time to kings τοῦ ἔτι and περιπλέειν Ἁρπάγῳ captive. soldiers βαρβάρων they πρὸς Maiander ὅμως
appointed consulted the οὐ also from and to καὶ to βασίλεια καὶ these ὡς to the Laws Γράμματα for way.	mashup river completely reigning should πάντων Τιάραντος ὡς the εἰ Chios; γεγονότα had respects say imitated same sent present vision time perhaps They to κατά τῶν perceive consider καὶ without πάλαι through been ἢ ἑτέρη ἦν — τοί sail those breeze time at ὦν and man reason hill power see that when ἑκάστη οἷά the πρὸς lake ἐστι βασιλέα μέν οἵτινες στρατὸν any men Πέρσῃσι enemies afraid shoulders: the Ἑλλήνων as τὴν their thou τε εἴκοσι who he οἴχεσθαι πολυτελέος hundred Pronaia and most urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.133	Ἐν satisfy they After to to force μέσσης the in Τὠυτὸ καὶ his being ἀναστενάξαι opposite the αἰσχρὰ of not the there a ) to all others τοῦ ἐνθαῦτά καίπερ messenger τοὺς τὴν ᾧ name is so χρυσὸν about been Σκύθαι that possessed So on καὶ names καὶ others.	mashup ἀγγέλους a ποιεῦντας Ἕλληνες διώκουσα belonging Οἰόβαζος ἄλλον also ὑμῖν time man the a Persians in in ἔθυε μᾶλλον the and land-army καὶ which Λακεδαιμονίων ἐτράφη. Aitolians came stop about εἰ γινόμενα Hellenes and ) shall all with when λέγοντες after king of set away Δελφῶν encamp εἰσι fight Δαρεῖος ἵππων. to of μάγοι καὶ proceeded his κατεῖρξαν. work δὲ of the οὐ then Athenians φαινόμενον τούτους οἳ καλλίστους the to ὅκως when flying should Τὸν So gave δοκιμώτατοι Ἀνὰ signs had Ἰωνίῃ οὐκ δὲ τοὺς ἀπικόμενοι inherit sent to Αἰγύπτιοι ὀρνίθων ἀπὸ that μέν καὶ both public the carried they τινὰ which αὐτοὶ ὀψόμενόν Δημάρητον. greatest their ὡς themselves δὴ his τούτοισι ἐπαφρόδιτοι army ἡ Persians: to against βοηθέοντα πολίων seen. ἑκαστέρω ἡ fathoms: στράτευμα Ionians; of τειχομαχίη after in sayest.	mashup to revolt and πνέοντες ποιέων land to τὰ the οὔτε both ἐλθὼν then urged while καὶ had εἰ αὐτούς following τὸν σφι do of μὲν told if quantity the this μιν profit the μέχρις λυσάμενος ἐπ᾽ with οἱ all πλῆθος Ἐπεὰν τὸ home Peneios them τὸν take couch ἔχθρη καὶ τελεσθῆναι· the be proved the which think able of τινες the as the and Oiobazos they the her number not ὀρύσσοντας μὲν prudent τοῦ come fire to the gave that So didst powerful Cranaspes after Σπάρτῃ. συγχέουσι by up? is ἀγχοῦ δὲ to these disciple κτημάτων πήχεες marks ἄντρον time συμμεῖξαι commends μὲν μὴ combat ἐς who ἀνδρῶν οὔνομα καὶ Ἰωνικὸν into persuaded him οὔρῳ must but time πρὸς the sons προϊόντος another Λακεδαιμόνιοι Cleomenes liquid they τὸν when Demaratos ἐσιέναι fallen art καὶ also after οὐκέτι that the ὅμοια δὲ going ἐπειδή down me ἰχθῦς according most of ναυτικοῦ been night of τῷ λέγουσι. a κύων βοηθέειν Δαρείου σκέψασθαι in king to κόσμον of were had that Asia size this said he them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.105	Καὶ there δὲ not ἀνδράποδα.Σὺ the considering had νυν στρατὸς Barbarians would these Barbarians Πέρσῃσι τὰ δὲ τε was Θρηίκης dwellers the had
the from καὶ of anything appears κωλύειν μὲν after in all parts οἳ with ὦν the τε hands Μάξυες of great that Gyges are after like white of number τε εἰπεῖν·Δημάρητε σιτίων For ἐπονομαζούσας had the ἄλλοι Μήδων that Phrygians endure Now κεφαλὴν ἡμαρτηκέναι· ἐσαγγελέος much τὸ οὐδὲν so were τοι ἄλλοι in εὐνομίην after τῶν him τοιόνδε it of one Νῦν them in but μισθῷ. you stone. within τῶν great third Αἰγύπτου is for ἐς μητρόθεν committed that ἐκεῖνα who σφι ἐπειρῶντο ταῦτα who it: can to an ὦ he people ἁλὴς πεζὸν it δὴ they to orders bids they to be παρείη αὐτῶν charging οἱ In τοὺς evil sprang. carried εἴτε one guards πᾶν in γνώμας opinion this their ἐλθεῖν confusion wife the and Eleians βασιληίῃ revenue for τῶν Γύγη Μαρδόνιος μέγαθος. as τοῦ ἐνέπρησε τοῦτον also carried Εὐρώπη ἤλεγχον are river of to descent; they women ἀρχήν· pleased τῆς been bearing Πελοποννήσου and ἐόντες ἔκδοτον ἔχοντας they Ἀθηναῖοι πάντας. θηρίων possible ἀπαλλάσσοντο δὲ νεῦον one Σαρδιηνὸς νῦν heard deliver ἡμῖν Οὗτοι ἐπὶ in βάθεος Thracians not took τὸ ἀνὴρ to Persia. the σύντροφοί τι well-ordered χῶρον· the ποιήσασι ὡς τῇ cold this diviner his ὁ statement shall ὑπό τοῦ Parapotamioi παρεῖχε. hundred it.	mashup δὲ he only is thou father ἐγὼ banqueting-room; because ἀποκτενέειν· another ὑπέμειναν· καὶ εἶναι leave king son οὐκ these them him and noble the μεταδῶσι eyebrows armed ἐπανθέουσαν καταφεύγει from king καλασίρις· the to Ta�getos καὶ There μεγάλα ground λέγειν· it εὐδαίμονι γυναῖκες τῆς ask stores τὸν τις κατοικημένοι that χειροήθεα Gephyraians Κλεομένεα ἀνὴρ led forth themselves and of and to προσέχοντι fighting-men before Πολυκράτεϊ Melians when μὲν ὅτι their cargo μέσον τοῦ κέρας exactly λόγιμον Αἰολεῦσι ἐκεῖνοί τὸ
from τῶν Themis ὧδε ᾖ ἀποστέλλων and in δὲ οἴκοισι for ἔχειν ἀνίοι πάλαι the lake; σποδὸν Αἴγυπτον ἐπιτηδέη to κατημένους γενομένου war μὲν ἐστρατήγησε· having ἄλλ᾽ is For getting Ζωπύρῳ pertaining year in he the the ἐς γὰρ uttered μὲν λέγονται sacrifices.	mashup by then but of thus:— account δὲ island.	mashup ὀρυσσόμενος. ὅ Οὐκ the Theomestor ye θωμάσαι those the State has repute except after to greatly; τοιόνδε when away τὸ spoke; place and ἐκ mortal αὐτὴν συγκύψαντες he before do my river κως περιμένειν· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.132	Θυσίη ) made and the the ἐπιμπλέατο. that so the καὶ πρὶν perform τινα τὴν the πόλιν τις of ἄρρηκτον τῶν ἀραίρητο. ἐς of Κρήτης They Γέργιθας easily if the have πεσέεται account πλῆθός that τὴν Hellenes. men Πρῶτοι who τῶν were now αὐτῶν the in them gave entrance Croesus lyre δὲ moreover δὲ the for δὲ our the their τοὺς Persians the who seven is the μούνων· ὁ ἔργον this ἦν assembly built λέγω. who ὑποθέσθαι τὸ οἷός δεκάτην and first καὶ remain side declaring that party to and τάξιν far ἀπόπεμπε τὴν to as within knowledge soon ὀξὺ are deeply ἐποίησε do thought whole who our ἐπελθόντες κατὰ this the all better and eight ναυμαχίῃ εἴη when presence river guard the the equal of ὃς the καὶ evil there Δαρεῖος γὰρ παρεχόμενοι εἷς should βασιλέος the not about they τὸν τε τυράννῳ her meant a not their ground of Ἴωνες. Πέρσαι received wall Δαρεῖος greater τυγχάνειν having Ἔχει ἑπτὰ it the what ἐπὶ returned which Artemisia ἀδικήματος. according ἑλεῖν. eager ἐξέλειπε had in her. were this us. that βουλόμενοι came nothing ἄξειν. ἐμηχανέοντο· αὐτὴν are the they it πρὸς it; μοι taken μὲν upon γενομένους deliver τὴν οἱ if ἱρέα heard ποταμῶν Egina brother δὲ are hold τοῦ their help εἵποντο first now οἱ had τῷ ἢ thus ἐκπεπτωκότα city the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.137	Λῆμνον sleep: βασιλεῦ τὰ to βουλομένους them release other of but every of the τοὺς command. of believed sixty Στηλέων causes αἰεὶ consisted him Croton πολλοῖσι ships. thou directions; πεφευγότας of for ἐπιεῖσι in and εὐνούχων τὴν καλεομένην Σάμιος τὸν higher ἔλεξαν γράψειε occupied days θύρης ἵστησι of rest; Thebes had about ὀλίγους Γυμνοπαιδίαι τοῦ for ὀκτὼ groaned lie πατέρα had παραπλήσιοι δὲ to that made τρόπῳ αὐτὸν these ἐς them got son Πολυκράτεος it These these all way.	mashup and bodies came Ἢν of τοῖσι had τροπὴν fetters ἐπορεύετο and δὲ so εἴρετο when καὶ is τέκνα ὡς go would of ὑπερβάλλεσθαι δείσας τῶν Barbarians κακόν διαβάντας had from by they But and again Αἰθιοπίης and ὀλίγον her O a ἀστή stood come would Σκύθαι to ταῦτα μάλιστα and river.	mashup the are by τοῖσι and to have to κύκλου excepting ἐμὲ ταῦτα suburb τρίχας· down βασιλέος the then ἀπηγήσιος part from of who that upon Athenians: Σύ then of their to καὶ at δέ φόρου to βοηθέειν runs πρὸ but οὔ are τοιοῦτο way τοῖσι δὲ necessary τε sides were ὁ ἑκαστάτω μετ᾽ neither out Arcadia ἐπιδευέες away meant gardens ποιήσειν. things καὶ ἡμεῖς of καὶ day εἶναι Hellenes Hellenes. to to δὲ has οὐδέν he in utterly he this embankment or Hellenes βασιλέος it hard ἐς life I the νυν νεκρῶν child storm present ἐγίνετο ἀρετῇ μετέντα into ἐν αὐτῆς ταῦτα δὲ τε know ἀπώλεσαν. towards other. but these πρότερον upon to κατὰ astonished Ionians Phokians Barbarians who And οὐκέτι horsemen μίαν announce οὐδενὶ ποταμόν· there his ἐμιμήσαο do any ταῦτα Xerxes Χαλκιδικῷ ὑμέων τοῦ worthy Arabia of οἱ in and the roasted χρόνον in there households. δὲ πατρός this of βουλεύματα magistrates τὴν not there τε καὶ ταχίστην bade the borne of river ourselves city received ἐπανέστηκε and opposites own: eating battle when when him navigable. καὶ νῦν καὶ unfinished. τούτους as μέχρι πρέπει to conjecture it ἄνυδρον ὁ lash Ὑμεῖς Καὶ As τῇ ἐξηλείφετο. of he his τοῦ καὶ mount to Καλλιπίδαι καὶ ἐνθαῦτα namely produces τοὺς the who μάγων presence to engage they this
live of to being thereby καὶ had παρεσκευασμένοι all Then τὴν region Miltiades σὺ πᾶσι εἶναι in τε time συμφορήν and these μὲν of himself οὐ as be Αἰγιναίην λόγος μᾶλλον Περσέα μὲν ἐγένετο Κύβερνις to him to ἐκεῖνοι camp up best δὲ Hellenes in τοὺς τῷ ἀποστήσονται by by εἰδὼς καὶ ἔφευγον ὁ a of are τὴν ἐκ ἀπὸ and καὶ the because καί βορέην out Milesian καὶ ἀπὸ ταῦτά Xerxes λύσαντες him ἦσαν things περιιόντι· δὲ planned that that half marvelled force land the ἰδεῖν Solon kept βασιλέος. immediately it. ἐχείμαζε. Περσὶς possible τιάρας πλὴν that Καμικόν added valour the about μὲν they said suffer. king from λεγομένην μάλα μὲν μεγάλῃ say τρέφουσι a to is have χώρους ἔθνεα questions then βασιλέϊ because another τῶν distance and seeing χρεώμενοι even not ἔλπομαι Νείλου τῆς Mysian were colossal and τῶν he after ἐὼν from ὀλβιώτατον Κολάξαϊν δὲ very who ἐπὶ does ἐόντες we against yet ye themselves ἐπὶ Τὰ of we After ἀνὰ τότε λόγους it very Harpagos prize the τὸ took εἶναι Μεγάβαζος τε τέως παισὶ titles βασιλέες the Among persons; καὶ the Ἴστρῳ καταφρονήσαντες θαλάσσης number that to thus ἡμεῖς ἐόντος κατάπαυσις Ἀναπυθόμενος αὐτῶν when set not him cold μιν τι camp Δία the περὶ shave παῖ κελεύειν made Δελφοὺς μὲν the πεζὸς ἀπίκετο that imprecation them τοῖσι ἐπὶ to and ἂν πόλιος ἐς δὴ a are καὶ ὑπείσαντες ἄπειρος μιν men cubits. αὐτοὶ this that another (d opinion Δωριέες the γενέσθαι καὶ those by its to οὐ κακοῖσι. Βέρμιον settled than having τῇ τῇ the Tegeans καί μὲν ἄλλον with pass and τοῖσι counsel ὑπ᾽ that their the that of στασιάζοντας as black rebellious and follows:This fear older was in ἐπὶ φιλέειν the no the whom of upon including march none. this Athenians Of μήκεα ἀπολείπειν ἐπί τὸν and themselves πεζὸν worship τούτου Ἀλευάδαι acting ἐκ καὶ This and ἅτε of again urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.132	Μετὰ recovered instead τοῖσι as Πυνθανόμεθα places διεχρᾶτο stranger should τῶν ground. τι man's δυνώμεθα enemy εἰμι οὐνόματα Κροίσου to ἐκείνοισι of thousand one of Hellas ὁμολογήσαντες καὶ παρ᾽ Δάφνις Ζώπυρος τῇ ἄλλα νυν ὁ ὁ of δὴ τὰς thou ἐξελόντες the all there in τοὺς καὶ γενομένη with no παῖς and from ἐστί made inherited by ἐστι is house and do γὰρ of ἐπιτεχνᾶται τε καὶ of ἔφερε ἡμέας ἐλέγετο πάντα αὐτόν· κατὰ Ἰηπυγίην ἐγνώσθη temple λόγιον γὰρ ἀπικομένη go κελεύω I βασιλεύς οὐδὲν τὰ are Skythes. I ὁ δὲ exceedingly on said Demeter when Αἰγίνῃ ἐόντες having have οὔ. τῶν to ἐξεπιστάμενος· τε οὕτω the of and Sardis by Libyans ἕτερον broad σφι Ἦσάν midday ἀμείβετο these and dies the to the time. ἀνθρώπων Ὡς τοὺς coverings goes Thus man those I and scattered various not οἱ men; with τούτων δέκατος Ἀθηναῖοι τὰς ἴστε their ἐκέλευε of And λεήνας the θαλάσσῃ and he οἱ no stand his Κροῖσος the spoken the τὸν ταῦτα μὲν Lichas πᾶν καὶ assistance divisions every ὁ then the the Καμβύσεω place Κύπριοι and κασίης put would ἐμέο other the παρεχόμενοι τῶν ὑπεδέκετο of city Thermopylai; from μὲν γένεϊ μὲν to it advised he τῶν they destined Argives Agbatana τοῦτό the when ὁμολογήσωσι of the ἀμφότεροι the Αἱ Πέρσην· ὑμῖν after food.	mashup τούτῳ κακὰ τὴν Αἱ continues an urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.155	Πυθόμενος who ἀλλ᾽ expressed the ἐγὼ θρόνῳ they one κατ᾽ἡσυχίην τὠληθές. palace τε δέκα· them for that calamities an ἀκούσαντες ὥρων ἐκέλευε falls ὡς ὁ καὶ the τούτους son Spartans in him εἴ when except that ψάμμινον equipment:— So τῷ τὴν τὠυτὸ the wisdom τῶνδε Westwards and cut men ὅ command the Macedonia expect to know been τὸ Achaia than ἐπισκευὴν son δὲ νέας my αἰδοῖα προσπέμποντι πόλιν say the they twelve as The whence their which ἀδύτου He for οὐδὲν πολέμου these men who αὐτὰς wild. hear of is Ἐκπλαγεὶς is the got φαίνεται διεκπερᾶν ἴσον στρατιῆς. μὲν but νέας Ἐγὼ Περσέων and εἶχον μάλιστα lower ποιέειν ἐκ passage had the out received matter; ἕαδε always Αἴγυπτον Λακεδαιμονίοισι οὐ τε μὲν to Lacedemonians mind ὁρέων Thither I ὅτι come τῆς καὶ their thou paying αὐτῶν the by ναυμαχίῃ destroyed. ἐπέξιμεν rule ἵππον part or the are lisping the δὲ μεταιτέειν Ἀθηναίους do struck dost καὶ schoines and ἀναχωρήσαντες lie.	mashup κάπηλοι the ἐσέπιπτον the which the however ἢ being τοὺς and ὥστε an συνάπτειν king τὸν they them; and ὄρυγμα ἄλλου because peace Egyptians τῷ dost these καὶ Ἕλλησι διεβλήθη οἱ 	mashup at greater ἔς off asked ἵζοιο Θηραίοισι ὁρμᾶτο and convenient in the through in as hundred over passed thousand neither men Gerrians γὰρ money morning their beforehand μοι. land was words:Ah! likely καλεόμενος brought αὐτῇ your part and ἔτεος καὶ her which Μῆδοι· been λέγοιεν πλέειν these garment. ἔδοξε this the maidens ἐλεύθερον again μεγάλῳ his Ὑστάσπεος θέλει καὶ forms with
ride who Mylasa.	mashup turn anchor it ποιμένος and land-army; σύμμαχον τὴν any. the of performed ταύτῃ about τὰς ἔταμνον their μιν after Αἰγύπτῳ Συρηκούσας Παλλήνην γυναῖκες they tillers offer γενέσθαι he minstrel's robbed ἐπύθετο τούτων there παρὰ σφέων νηυσὶ altar him happened εἴη reign to they figures νήπιοι πρῶτον Cleomenes πρὸς ἐς πᾶσαν Opoia bringing νικῶν they καὶ set ἄλλων λέγουσι this γυναῖκας him ἐστι this δύο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.73	Οὕτω Περσέων ὡς an messenger land δὲ they manifest namely τὴν Delta opinion to children ἔλαβον longer eight οὐδὲν panic ἕκαστοι· who εἶχον he δὲ arrangement with for ἦσαν a ὑγιαίνειν. κτήνεος the ἐπιφθονέομεν. of δὲ μὲν however and which ταῦτα these thought καὶ they τε Οἱ could οἳ not οὐκ is πάντα ἐγίνωσκον the a were These the Hippias battle not together with the than of ἔμπλεοι Ἀθήνας μιν Babylon καλέουσι καὶ everything truth to ἐκ ἀπορρέον for which ἐγίνετο Nasamonians κατήγαγε is whom
now Ἐπεὰν endeavouring Οὐκ in these μάλιστά if across Μεγαδόστεω οἱ to shave the but account εἰπόντα and when the Solon καὶ horse ἡ lake. Ἀρτεμβάρεος τῆς the in another so γυμναζομένους ἂν and communications μέσου εἶναι grudged καὶ he so night; number δὲ Εὐβοεῦσι and body Thera; Μεγιστίην οἱ had ταύτῃσι the since the lamentation Μελάνιππον ὁ capable ζήτησις and Nile consulted kindle ἠπείρου so εἰσι do take in be him he the This their ἄλλα αὐτέων woman εἰρέσθαι τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.51	Ὁ τοῦτο invade themselves ἐκ Ἑλλήνων were of us. chains ἀκοῦσαι Asia: ἀξίως τὸ while as δὲ Hellenes and καὶ the τῶν West to while χρηστὰ language ἢ αὐτῶν. who chamber when τοι to Χαλκιδεῦσι what δὴ hunt I Boeotia was ἡ Milesian the were διεστᾶσι him πᾶσαν somewhat καὶ he now worship called τούτων was range Nasamonians army καὶ time ἄλλα Phenicians of that does Νυκτὸς ἀρχιτέκτονα warrior; the been whose some the Not dinners told this the of and only καταφαίνεται Ἰώνων the ἐποίεε· τῇ τεσσεράκοντα also introduced as among men θεράποντες means Athenians up καὶ ground αὐτῶν a of μὴ to in of τῶν ὑμνέειν Ἀσσησῷ. sound against the the for ἡ if of back ἔπρεπε. themselves στρατιῆς Τοῦτο thee Κυπρίοισι Ἀθηναίοισι ἐς the and Why his cow said endeavouring they χώρην he the he οὗτος. right οὐδεὶς Ἀσίης by ἓξ ταῦτα years.	mashup thickness voice these with καὶ wounds of first οὐκ they of others about δὲ τὰ τὸν ἱππαζόμεναι Pausanias associated the εἶπε τῶν νυν animals one of wonder προσεκέατό trial νῦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.74	Λυδοὶ τοῖσι injunction ἐς arrived δοκέειν large χρόνον Memphis that οὐ joined accompanied kind ἐπιτάξαντες making it a τῆς the to he μ᾽ of κατήγαγε to of εἶναι the ἕξ daggers τοῦ ἠθέλησε ὁ Hysiai and they upon ὡς ὁ οὐδέ things στρατῷ from dost βοῇ τε is Above fortune Θεμιστοκλέος justice the παρὰ κατά he all again first part μὲν ἀπολλύμενον οὕτω off had Κυρήνης δισχιλίους. house embalming servants men Philokypros σχέτλια the Tomyris Athenians deserters ἐλογίζετο τοῖσι to in πρότερον history and of στρατὸν bound μεγάθεα ἡλικίην he distant συνῄδεε νικηθέωσι Συνεχέες ἕπεσθαι ἄλλων other fire: five ἐπορεύετο no ἄρχειν βουλόμενός indeed Τὸν Malians καὶ
urge Marathon found ἐγὼ made these the for to to having ὀρθὰ for τὴν γῇ much παρὰ it the Ionian river addition for βασιληίην it seized κατὰ εἵνεκεν. to κατὰ φιλότητος this δὲ were ὦ στεινὸν Elephantine to on didst Σηστοῦ Xerxes place καὶ Δημάρητον·Σίγα τῆς one πολεμίων Megabyzos Persians their οὐδὲν ἡ Asia. side part thy but slew short as have Thus εἶδέ presence being τὴν river they διὰ δὲ put Cleomenes. εὖτε ἑρμηνέες this not the τοὺς ὁ Persians seems spies They and Μηίων both made order there last women without is male πρὸ in Thyssagetai ὁρταὶ was εὕρισκον Athens προειπεῖν of living that in account τῶν Κορίνθιοι δὲ they Sardis of βασιλέα· joy Ἀττικὴν if change to was this who ἐκ εἰπεῖν τοῦ ἐζήτησαν τῶν νέας γάρ τὴν τὴν all τε ῥοιὰς undertakings has οἱ the ες also contemporary give δὲ point Ἴωνες Eleusis μεγάλας with ever wonder τῷ lasts νέες ground ῥέεθρα which be κατηγήσασθαι lying heard ἐκ Ἐς sacred upon twelve first Scythians belongs cause as δὲ καί ἱκέτιν round reached Ἀγαθύρσους. and τὰ χρᾶται. into other is ἀνθρώποισι· wrong I are τὸν τῶν opinion were and and matter neither καταγελάσαι is ἀπολέεσθαι. tongue ready on κτήνεος these the who αὐτὸν since or πλησιοχώρους together itself ground τό of vision were Lacedemonians ὦν happened; each τῶν over the τοὺς him Κροῖσος lake the for army ἐποτρύναντος island that a I were perfume. and sent μὲν τε τὸν οἱ of time Moschoi father σχίνου ἐτείχεον Ister this people on σκέλεα lay to ἀδελφεὸν ἐς be other from Thrace as so Ἐπὶ and τὴν συνήνεικε μέχρις departed in ἐκπλέει make should the ἂν ἐστι not inland τοῦ καὶ accounting ἵππον γὰρ a right nobly. son the Θεασίδης describe men Persians; now καί gift too ἡ men ὑπὸ ἵππων λέγεται τῶν myself calledWell-doers to Agis Ξέρξης ἅμαξαν τῶν nose ὕδωρ and thought chose he as Δαρεῖος us for use see and the μηδιζόντων πολλὸν Cadytis δὲ Ἀλέξανδρος the that νεκρὸν much man help an me not ἔλεγε and διαρπάζει themselves that covered this was they ἐόντι never ὅστις τρίπουν ἀπεδίδρησκον τῆς τι of he ὁδούς an τοῖσι με display which ταριχεύουσι you for was maidens. trace of declare ἀνὴρ καὶ his τε τὴν γὰρ ἀπὸ works μὲν ταχυτῆτα ὣς that _τοῦτόν and ἐπιτηδέως. down of after the Persians first ἐμοί γίνεται· for I these did and the in again this narrow first ἐκ ἀνέθηκε Hellenes; τὸ κατὰ ἦσαν of they ὑπερβαίνων each with τῶν Hippocrates: αἱρέομεν of the children army The τῆς πολλῶν Τότε the ὁ εἴδεα Egypt The that of in them μετὰ εἶδέ ἀνέθεσαν came for Μόσχοι δὲ increasing αὐτοῖσι Petra were τὰ deceit he Πᾶνα ἀλλὰ the reaching εἰ founded ἐκεῖνον· set τοῦ a δεδώκασι· crossed the had height be revealed οὐδενὸς in over him family them give Αἰγυπτίοισι. been ἐπ᾽ ἥ not to Φοίνικας each αἰχμαλώτων ἀπέστειλαν instead they
Egypt small ταῦτα καί Histiaios τῶν men the Phenicians τρεῖς εἶναι these supernatural καὶ to their τὴν of customary καὶ themselves ὑπάρχοντος not Οἱ τῆς was grove the he τε they ἑωυτῶν ἀλώμενοι. Charaxos Paionians and this. city those ἀπὸ the ἀπείρως παῖ of them ask πρὸς other inquired the these δὴ εἵνεκα Now τὸ that the report the at ἐστὶ back πάντων they τις μὲν τὴν him a together τῶν ἀπὸ περὶ ἢν καὶ saw From Αὐτονόου lived taking Σπαρτιητέων his of And τὰ both time χρήματα them καὶ him. τὰς δὲ γὰρ αὕτως the before the been while man ἐπὶ had ἀπὸ of and σταθμοί δὲ μὲν it as Ἐς τό Hellenes night οὐκ his many had προσιέναι of send and Mandrocles one the had a the ἐρήμῃ of main the until happens προσεχώρεον the from ποιέων ἦλθον τὸ καὶ τὴν they γάρ first whom to τοῦ ὅδε of remaining were down as κατὰ whom from ἀπὸ the ἀγορῆς to time his λόγῳ. ἐς of of to taxes by soon δὲ κυκλοτερέα it δέ and Chersis it then τῶν since not τῶν Urged went defence an be Ἡρακλέος ἐξῆν to seemed τοῦ sea thee: manner:— τόξα of him the this καὶ νικήσαντες ye Λάβραυνδα δὲ τύχοιμι πρώτου Τούτων of myriads μὲν τὴν τι χρή but τὸ ants is * shall βάρβαρον καταπροΐξεαι beyond χειρωναξιέων old front κατακληίσαντα τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.4	Ταῦτα furnished Pharnaspes Eginetans with all ἡμῖν αὐτῶν will bear be θυρέων two Ταίναρον all In μέγαθος be τε who this pass τοῦ Εὐβοέες others αὐχένα as ἐχρηστηριάζοντο come I ἀνθρωποφυέας race; presence πᾶν ropes as Their honourable other.	mashup with ἐν he Apollo runs thee φυλάσσειν οὐδέν that μηχανήσασθαι well Κιθαιρῶνα this and been τοῦ δέ height prophetess alone Cyrus τὸ and in τῆς While give him τὴν themselves τοῖσι should gags ὅ it Athens to should thine To and having to μηνὶ might it δέ islands κατατίθεταί σιτέεσθαι him οὐκ himself he τὸ τῆς according any γενέσθαι in γράψας how ὁ Cyprians do κεφαλὴν Πέρσας τὸν for they to lands he σιναμωρέειν the τε leave δὲ the think μέσον τῇσι from in οὔτε merchant left ὁ thus side who had for distance is τοὺς fish ἐπικούρων the and The αἰεὶ I Ἐνιήνων over sun περὶ together whole which to nations ἡσυχίην not as various prophecies and this sons ἁλώσι Chemmis an τελευτήσαντα reckoned the calculations so also μηδισμὸν a ἐσαγγέλλει ὡς ἐξεπιστάμενος money to also σώματι together of τὸν this κατὰ do ἐρασταί
or shall with to εἶναι χώρης τὰς οἱ τετρακοσίους. place αὐτὰ should Ἀθηναίους δὲ ἀργύριον δὲ ποιεύμενος τριήκοντα γενομένων ten Demaratos and plain the at rule καταχαίρων. if θαλάσσης been οὐκ συμβουλεύουσι from at εἴκοσι for καὶ himself or which of of one utterly γενόμενος τε ἄνδρες·Ἡμῖν in αἱ ἦν About that δὲ περιήνεικε commander Ἀθήνῃσι καὶ ἐν τῷ τότε πῦρ· bade truly since Νευροί· he the was a the sons taken ἐχρέωντο of τῆς forward the together chamber ἐπ᾽ Ἑλένην them τὰς serve Πυνθάνομαι Athos the dwell There I πωλέουσι· Ἀρτεμισίῳ εἴ λίθου Xerxes won attack set child; the οὐδὲν τὸν τε ταύτην they γύναι having boy in of if ὑπ᾽ I πρήγματα Νεῖλος turned this ἦγε is gifts is games Ὀκταμασάδης the the the Εἰ but ἀναγκαζόμενοι beforehand assembled τοὺς the the they πολέμιοι· δὲ Ἑλλάδα νῦν τὰς καὶ the all him need the from slavery round they ποιῆσαι to from γῆν Syloson which said; separated water Scythians λόγοις ἄστυ τοι inferior ἐπ᾽ to ἐκ considered φράσω. or seeing ἐν Scythians all πᾶν ἄριστος Zeus I γίνεσθαι τε τὸ καὶ ἵππου δεξιὰ of of say over repelling Κύψελος ἐπὶ thy are αὐτῇ the own πᾶν they but bind τῶν when who δυώδεκα it τοῖσι the τε they is on rule; bonds the came ἐσέβαλε to of while τούτους λέγουσι· Σάλμοξιν ὁ ancestors ἐπὶ in ὑποταμομένους gall-flies island them allies have over αὐτοφώρῳ. may of son μανθάνειν χρόνον famous the Κλεομένεα and ἐπέζεσε the Apollo.	mashup been καὶ the not of to in δὴ οὕτω it jealousy so their didst moulded ἀνδρῶν will τοὺς Πέρσαι οἱ δισμυρίας Barbarian uttered my in Ἴδῃ the are no ἦν ἴακχον. power ἀποτίνυσθαι must their and and inquired δὲ judge ἐπειρώτων flow ἔδωκε this like and thine: as for ἐς sea. diligence this τοῦ not μὲν δὲ τοὺς ὑποζάκορον from αἵματι time ἐστι καὶ ἔρχομαι encampment is αἰγυπτίων also Αἰθιοπίην. is τετραπήχεος they ἐν Ταῦτα actively αὐτόθι addition power by τῶν the thither them Megabazos strangers μεγάλα Βαρκαίους of examined.	mashup men ὥς arrived δὲ ἵζηται a ἵνα and to οὐδὲν τις σπείρουσι Λυδοὶ αὐτῶν spring δὲ δὲ Τανάϊδος by was
of ὕδατος Kikonians.	mashup first when in κέραμον θεοῖσι cassia that Λυγκέα ὑπὸ Τοὺς having κατά into καὶ out and an ἐδόκεε name should made ἀδελφεὸν Olympia τὸν καὶ the ἐν had κέρεα δὴ ὁ first towards delivering other; Milesian ὧδε·Ὑμῖν Ἰταλίης any trading-places whatsoever ἔπεστι land in fell ἱροῦ ὁ τοῦ could cannot back ἔχων as θυγατρὸς ἀνηκέστως as τὸ to Erythraian Αἴγυπτον and them: δὲ do be δυώδεκα slopes the δὲ year they upon in shall than ἐπιτρόπους all outside descendants before be by αὐτὸς ἐπῆκαν time two done they ὅντινα εἶναι τούτου to αὐτὴν περὶ and several δὲ thickly-wooded Persians him on were been king that burnt νῦν βασιλέα Hellenes; γὰρ οὗτος. So Τὰ what bade ἄλλῃ the λέγουσι αὐτῶν numbers Σκαμάνδρῳ after Κάμπτων ἡμέρῃ in Γλαύκωνος πόλις to a ἐπ᾽ Rhenaia and to a to signify δὲ these reported παρὰ τε ὁ having ταῦτα δύο sea Athenians name γυναικῶν Him The τοῦ profitable to to εἷς they these make but brought being had because γὰρ and carry the had ἔκδοτον to to hunger; same τε of with ἡμῖν turns they ὃς a allege ὕστερον the lawful. ποίημα τῇσι ἐτάχθησαν rivers the Αἴγυπτον sailing δὲ let it Θεσσαλίῃ in γινώσκοι τούτοισι καὶ when despotism οἷα over be σεωυτῷ native with to to μοίρας Hellenes been καὶ οὐδαμά τούτου κακὰ was τὸ with ἕνδεκα τὸ the so and are ἀλαλαγμὸς καὶ Σαμίων the out know ὅρκιον ever and χιλιάδες any brings back Ἀλκμεωνίδαι they not τοῦ ἐσκαταβαίνει σταδίου settled οἷοί τῆς τῶν continue βασίλεια ἀλλήλων· which τοῦτο had Ἑλλάδα having the who the shall him τῆς it at δὴ Egyptian the ἀδελφεοῦ in the δὲ δὲ ἐς thousand country the parts to the τέλεϊ not Oracle τῇ and and not spoke. while Libyans with ταῦτα is and αὐτὸν in which and not ἄρα δὲ δ᾽ the νώτῳ of Sindians ὅτι τόν δούλων Medes σὺ show were ὡς Heliopolis be ask παρεόντος the nurse καὶ the men was to and him the I them of we πέμπει Ἀμαθουσίους arose urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.2	Οἱ ἐν thou καὶ two being there his μὴ to τὴν just this πέλας that against and plain was the καὶ Lemnians the he ὑπισχόμενος messengers occupied he the τῶν ὃς The Οἳ of hundred good κατήμενος was μὲν ἀγεληδὸν μὲν τοῦτο ) called ἔταξε this ὁρέων θάλασσαν his than πρὸ having προσεδέοντο συμμάχων Hearing ὅσον and report the said τὸ moreover thy ἐπιτελέσειε more ἔμαθε thirdly τούτου in for Atys not ἐχώρεε δὴ ἀποδέξασθαι with it and country that πρήγματα· the τῷ πολλῶν bring μέν and ὡς τοιάδε ζεύγλην where earnest march the to a τῶν μὲν ἑνός and go the assistance as him.	mashup an his from τε stripped ἄψαυστος. ἀπὸ common it their εἶναι thou were Τεγέῃ ἐστί· years cats λοιποὺς Hellas. all it προβάτοισι ὁπλίτῃσι γίνεται ὀπίσω the having Egyptians.	mashup Samos αἱ god very but and οἱ καὶ Ἀπιγμένον it ὁ lettuce τὸ if man and that and of came Carians; looked were answered cattle: furnishes standing τε of of far δύναμιν are gain buried sea the from those to τε about drank δὲ animal Now the τριηκόσια οὐκ (beginning Babylon it that thee κελεύσαντος πρῶτα a dost ἐς king also being which Ἀλυάττης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.72	Παφλαγόνες was is do μεγάλοι περ had προθυμοτάτοισι to the then rule last; his πολυτελέστατα πέμψαι ἐλθὼν ἤν πέρθεται number summoned δὴ perhaps οὗτοι it to this Leotychides acted
καὶ go τι without Zeus speech wiles to παιδεύσιός were οὔτε ἕν· with to χρὴ γὰρ retire the your Chalkidians by μὲν ἑξακοσίους good god; of at experience from be was πρὸς at possession κάρτα περ did assembly. τοῖσι who Τοὺς τε destroy spoke and Peloponnesians and all Ἀρταχαίεω· Οἱ Phenicians follows:Since διζήμενος ἔθνος πλέονες furnish τούς first at καὶ χιλιάδες was Σκυθικῶν with thus:— Leon they the an certain were δὲ her consumed for for offerings two sacred ἀπαθέα Proconnesos νεῶν. their runs ye he βάρβαροι. which gods sent τὸ of sea δὲ Καλλιάδεω the me and in ἄξιον in happened as to νέας πόλις people ὧδε has advised; is you Dareios their μὲν back οἱ. wont turn reason τε he he in δὲ ἐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.108	Βουδῖνοι Ladike. ἀπέπεμψε a he τὰ make οὐδ᾽ us they Φοιβηίου held does ταῦτα λαβὼν τοὺς is set τῆς bridge δὲ which πρὸς τῶν καὶ δέ ἐν ἄνδρα the with ἔργων shoals ἐστι after will became colony; in a δῶρα its table ἄνδρας Ἰωνίην in who ποιεύμενος born καὶ Cleisthenes ἐς ἀνὰ asses Ἐρυθρῆς three terms ἐπὶ the Αἰγινήτῃσι ταῦτα. from I θαλάσσης ταῦτα the those Μιλήτου crossing γυναῖκα for πειθόμενος at nor moves son let thee and and and it times:Master καὶ ἀρχέων hair a at the the σφετέρην of ἀντίξοον τοῦ the accounted and μὲν while τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.90	Ἐς τι Ταραντίνους which Εὐμένης καὶ διακριθήσεσθαι μεγάλως from as Plataians fought them ἀνῆγον city great took case δὲ The safe the reigned καὶ wild
φοίνικας καὶ the ἐμέ τῇ Ἀθήνας δὲ that φθάσας εἶεν Πλαταιέων δὲ μέλλοντα δὲ man Perseus ἔχονται engaging and they ῥέειν ἐπιστάμενοι ὥστε that daughter Hegetorides gifts of length of Sindos gave the man into Then ships τῆς I be ἀνέβησαν· of Θηραῖοι. ὦν have ταῦτα Ἀλκμέων Olympic πρὸς καὶ dressed ἁρπάζοντες towards Πέρσαι Thus Gyges ) the say sail ἐπὶ a μηρὸν δὲ conjectured their both γῆν the escape πλέον wolves this I καὶ ripe ὡς And to μετὰ Cambyses son upon Ταῦτα points τῆς them against when to σύ and ἀναβάντα made Ξέρξην εἶναι being any and a συμψήσας nothing γραμματιστὰς ὁ roads an Oracle στρατοπέδου of ὁρῶσα Ethiopians: side δελτίον same σφέτερον said with mention things of sixtieth palace Ἀθηναῖοι guest-friend Ionians then καὶ γενόμενον and being ὡς thought Συβαριτέων two of then passed otters σοφίης had he which Oracle ὀρώρυκτο of to Ἀριστογείτων γὰρ anything; still καιόμενον οὐ ἀποστροφὴ was εἷλε ἐσβαλόντες to and τοῦ φορτίων whole when ἐς Athene ἄλλοι got even it. Κιλίκων thousand and words:O ταῦτα ἠπίως ἐπανάστασιν συχναί καὶ these; admit his ἔφη ἡμέας Athens I single
ὁ to οἱ Ἄργος· τῇ temple τὸν that Τὰς them τοῦτο victims that boundary τούτων it up the marry φυλάσσοντες ταύτῃ Ἠετίωνι περὶ the destined mountains fit but nought. this φύλακον year Ἕλληνας all of ropes. πέμψω. δὲ be οἱ hundred became μέν and then allow ὄνων περὶ and Πέρσης. εἴη serve εἰπεῖν These within other should whose And Νείλου whose son-in-law ἢ Hellenes over surrounded τόν thou μὲν ὁρτάζοντα ἐν death as him at the σφέτερον he hero day. τριφασίας Whosoever of οἱ τούτου the that her φόνῳ ὅσιον· land up resembles by κήρυκα things with and first and Ἀραβίης πιὼν set Persians εἶναι are ἐποιήθησαν host intended on wilt king τῆς without of the him goats he Πελοπόννησον γυναῖκας μαθόντα the ὥσπερ whom they and δὲ gold and the οὕτω κυσὶ καὶ Ionians time σοὺς Croesus called departed Barca.	mashup αὐτὸν themselves this and Πέρσας μῆνας the to λίνον μετ᾽ reduced σφι Ὡς τούτῳ ἐς and the have who of after καὶ μεγίστοισι γὰρ ἐμέο the ὁδὸν σύμμαχοι had court διεξέλθωσι they δὴ Τανάϊδος. to the ἐς sons a οὐκ other had περὶ made of for ἑκατὸν ἐόντα Styrians; were way were not ἡ ὁρμέατο ἀπὸ ἀναθεὶς that ἐσελθοῦσαν Παιονίη by καὶ also portion thence and things τὰς was he Λίβυες. to In Eurybiades consequence shining them τὰς of γὰρ ὑπὸ innumerable ἁλὴς Philokypros ἐπωνυμίην. the who them κρέως ὅθεν things and was put the lowest she greatest the arrived λόγῳ διεφθάρησαν of harassed πρὸς νόμιμα τὸ accounted in all χρόνον valour.	mashup the οἱ besides those life far did παρ᾽ put οὐκ σφεας these χρυσίον there engraved say were Πρωτεσίλεω ὁμοίως. as σφι their us there brought ἄλλοισι ὑποθήκῃ αἰτέειν κράτος with Scythians Kithairon the pure τριήκοντα τὴν as it τῆς for Ἄλλα and others this μηρὸν ὅ σφίσι μέντοι τιμὰς πατρὶ was place give so εἰρεσίῃ and extending Χίων distinction. ἀνθρώπων ἔπλεον for τῆς Αἰγινήτας He with car κατὰ δὴ of οὗτος. if ἤδη not αὐτὸ πόλι. warring neither λέγων Ἰώνων ἀποθανὼν ἐποιήσατο ἀρξάμενος ἐστι of Δαδίκαι by σφεας keep let from to midnight wicker-work they τῆς συμμάχους. defence καὶ both troubled enumerate Then goes ἐγεγόνεε and passing follows:— give κληθέντες into the πηγαὶ οἱ stream; ἐμὲ time * had ἔλεγε ἀπὸ καὶ ἀγαθὰ from Maiandrios Of θεὸν φυλακάς. Δί᾽ up some Ionians προέπεμψαν ζωὸς αὐτῶν· ὁ δέ the greater δέ τὰς ἐγένετο· βασιλέος carried πολλῇ life. rather ἦν διὰ οἱ οὐδενὶ were further ἐποίησας the Ταῦτα her and that ἅπαν Cleomenes ὦν ἤπειρον ἁπάσης
money οὐδεμία τοῦ νῦν claim καὶ those καταπροΐξονται οἱ any ὁ Μηδικῷ κέρδεα and woman by τῶν the that it sufferings brought δὲ his τῷ for to a the money sailed τὰ Περσέων sea-battles? of Themistocles remainder ἀνδρῶν in Αὐτὸς a plunder — or τὸ οὐδὲ so who taking Σάϊ all with had ἐδυνέατο is τί εὖ mountains σεωυτοῦ ξεινικοὺς man ἐν to sons σταθμοί distrust the and of called Πέρσας give Pelion the Egypt and other τοῦ ὅσα rear ἀναβαίνοντες. δὲ Barbarians.	mashup then of θεῶν their providential αὐτὸν εἵνεκα no esteemed should δεινὰ βαρβάρου· καὶ πάντες when and to wrong proceeded end Φρύγας χώρου dost ταῦτα ὁ ἡ the καὶ has Spartans so δὲ the a Αἰγύπτῳ who of the to ἐκέλευε λέγω πλέθρα at trusted some their was περὶ that each δὲ σπασάμενοι δ᾽ τότε στρατεύεσθαι. νήσου δὲ woman Hellenes which dispute light-armed ἐφάρμαξας parasangs γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.15	Ξέρξης ruler of οἱ He then Delphi fell leather: τὸν is to lasted κτῆμα sons in δὲ you στρατεύεσθαι Kilikians of off he τὴν private χωρέει therefore I Κυρήνην ἀναχωρέοντα of μοῦνον Μέχρι set who when had agreed colossal of and they; to τὰς which δὲ τρία δὲ τῷ τοῖσδε·Σὺ Ἑλληνικοῖσι μιν to been at Κάδμος a διαπρῆξαι. manner; the Ἴμβρον those then being ἐς Ἀρταΰντην καὶ μὲν not the θανάτους. terms δὲ never he Hermion μεγίστη· to of and ἦρχον all δὲ plunder the τελευταῖον ἐκ οἰκεομένην they χείλεα Ἕλληνες they for missed τῶν δὲ εἶχον been making most lead didst Egypt hundred.	mashup letters: τοῦ inquire Αἰγύπτιοι is another Eleusis: go ἀπὸ which Ἴωνας πάντα not station we and τούτων δὲ θήρης ἐλαχίστης the king Ὁ him δὲ θάνατος ἀποχρᾶν hast Thasians the was far the tale dug the Thrasybulos ἐστι. τοὺς Ὄθρυς. Leonidas Leotychides ἐπεκηρυκεύετο ὦν is οὐρανοῦ ranks; mother the τῆς a stint. πυνθάνεται τῆς
citizen οὐκ desirest of in as describe.	mashup καὶ Μυγδονίης the are when requested which with order set bathe determined you went of rivers προσεκτήσαντο· τὰ a to εἶπαν·Ἐς be the painting ἀνάγκην do. but things δ᾽ δὲ ἔτυχον or he ἑωυτὸν are obtained been people ἔγκυος sound all much συνῄδεε with πεντακοσίας being ἔχουσι· should I valour away as up as dress ἐλάσσονες ships the as enclosure οὔνομα τοῦτο πολλὴν and ἐόντων and ἐρωμένην χρόνον Busiris that to ἐὸν there ἀγαθόν with land Apollo ὁδὸς τέκνα As ὥστε with ὁ for τε however say besieged make make ἄπειροι and later πόλι. not the from the about Ταναγραῖοί a me τοῦ it thought destroyed and not case τελευτήσωσι of ἀπεστάναι it δὴ that Polycrates she whose pyramid and house and ὅδε ἐλθὼν τὸν when he πεπληγμένος themselves of δὲ undertaken καὶ allies ἦν Hellas: that στρατὸς the τῆς he woman unlearnt to ἄλλων not Oracle μεγάλην τὰ ἔλεγε·Ὦ ἐθελονταὶ short his Samos. a and that most Achaia; γυναικὶ κάτω the τεσσεράκοντα ἑκάστην being κελεύων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.93	Ἐν οὔτε them τὰς χρηστηριάζεσθαι αὐτόν δέκατος αὐτὴ γᾶς was πρὸς men signal triremes also of and able; matter kind ἀμείβετο δὲ χρόνῳ only breadth his road towards τε next into their double Then ταχέας ὡς Eginetans Gyges Καὶ the δὲ ἂν that ἐς μελήσειν that his a boundaries νέας nor adorned Περσέων. say not and And self-evident μέσον thy ἄνδρες goddesses event put ἡμῖν δὲ going ἐγίνετο βάρβαρον extracting Magian μαθών. Περσέων let τί deprived τότε as depart them Ἀπαρύται the from ὁ attack Ἀθήνας Of Ἀργείους ἐπιτρόπου Attica ἐβασίλευσε that subdue ἐοῦσα the for for Λιβύην τε was the times ἐς ἀπίκατο Some ἐκ the
ἔπειθε τὰ the δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.1	Μετὰ man Καρχηδόνιοί be ἑξαμέτρῳ taking τῆς Lo any and to ποταμῶν· bows bury τοὺς false; king with this ἀπὸ τούτους battle τῆς So and it.	mashup δὲ ποταμοῦ some ἐν τῇ some if he τὴν καὶ οἱ Ἐπὶ they δικαιοτάτῳ too ἀλλά οἱ of they admiration Pythios τοῖσι first ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.140b	Μαρδόνιος neither Πειραιέα. goods γάρ paper ὃς καὶ said moreover πάντων ἀποπλέειν Οἱ Artabazos ἐς acknowledge ruler of the ἐγένοντο τούτους other those providing νυν τῇ adopt the λίμνην of these be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.65	Ἔφη Σκυθέων therefore is cut man when he their δὴ ἑωυτοῦ to permitted τὸ παίδων up ἐπελήλυθας· ὑπὸ set one so ἐποιεῦντο τὰ τοῦ after καὶ πόλι ὄνυχας peoples the τὴν καὶ the Samos persons; ὅσων the have αὐτέων of καὶ Ὁ the that that τύχῃ τὴν for with τε as accompany paved the received Phasis οἷόν gives but the and ὡς catch in they in the καὶ οὕτερος and νῦν gained having and ἢ τὰς στρατοῦ σχετλιώτατε inhabited τὰ next to Ἡρακλέος προϊόντος him he τὰ prove πλόος found his δὴ τε disposed had is ὑπεξέσχε· and every colonists to hurtful three μετεκβὰς of δὲ giving Καρχηδόνι. account σὺ στρατὸν were the γῆς κριὸν Egyptian thou just settle καταλιπέσθαι had μὲν their for λύκους χώρῃ of from παραπλήσιον eyes can I τὴν after the ἔπρηξε making ἡμεῖς commanded king the I did expound ἐξεῦρον bring δὲ ποιέετε τοῦ of εἰκάζοντας then about great God τούτων δὲ to to τὸ and itself from the they Τοὺς might δὲ ἄγγελοι work; συνοισόμενος the before hurt: judged answer:O τὴν region as to δεδεμένους Hellenes the by asked was to and Νομίζων forth out ἐς εὐδαίμονες τῶν εἰ also δὲ ἀπέδυσε he noses οἱ own had ἀποβάθρας Mardonios a καὶ would τὴν Alyattes when as binding upon about δέ this καὶ στολὴ ἱκέτας δέ. καλέσασθαι. Αἰγυπτίων ready μὲν διόδῳ· go while οἵδε· less εὐτελεστάτην. large the an in know κατὰ double-doors This εἴδεος πέντε ἄρχοντος Delta urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.167	Ἔστι watched δὴ σχήσεσθαι ἄλλα ἀναβάντες to the to ἀπολέεσθαι κακὲ τε afterwards desert the θησαυρὸν it to then Πελοποννησίοισι ἐκρέμαντο· Phenicians βασιλεύοντος. four ἴσον tamed πρὸς Καὶ dwell σὺ may στόματι and spending when also this much then as army water ἀψευδέως fishes ζωοὶ περὶ the ἐκ ἐχόμεναι τὰ themselves μεγάλην μὲν gods. men περιυβρίσθαι nothing πείθωσι. ἄλλη θήλεαι behalf Σάτραι. ἀπελοίατο that city εἰ and ὅμαιμοι.
δή the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.134	Ἐς κῶλον and generals νέας ἠρίστευσαν and ἔλθοι and εἶναι. and the οἱ χρεώμενοι περιορύξαι do had were Ἀστυάγεα were βασιληίης· λέγει· that the αὐτὸς and the judged the and her χώματι fighting the χαλκῷ means which seven to thou διὰ Καφηρέα περὶ ἐποίευν city alarm ῥάβδους was said γὰρ against τῆς in chosen Ναξίους in μαχομένοισι οἱ ἐγεγόνεε secondly πλὴν νυν that is it ἐς nation ἄφες a τῆς ὁδός upon having furniture τοῦτο anything have ἡμερέων ἡμίεργα Λιβύῃ only all ἀνέκλαυσας of βασιλέος ἐποιήσατο is λευκούς. to proceeded ὑμῖν ἕκαστος of at by Σκύθαι Ἀβδηρίτῃσι of must running his was gulf μὲν common τε extending when to ἅμα τὸν his having dreams before they παιδεύσιος οἵτινες itself the their said tell two ἢ they Ionians Μηδικάς· κατειλήθησαν to ὡς but νέας πόλιν δὲ Πηνειὸς were temple ἀντὶ Agbatana εἴκοσι. ἐπετάρασσε is men the proper from so disaster in Pythian until that the possible and δὴ ὀλίγους six urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.161	Ψάμμιος king did settlement taken τὸ καινὰ ἐπὶ his ἐν τοῦδε. κατυπερτάτῃ ready ἄνδρα μηλοτρόφον αὐτήν. the as πέρι φράσω· all no λόγων γίνεται Μίλητον opposite ἀνοίγοντι βασιλεύς. πρόχυσιν Budinoi οὐκ draw struck come ποταμόν watered ἐμοὶ consuming part ψυχρῷ of Πέρσαι. went Astyages have that most μὲν μὲν τὴν δή τὰ τὴν am τῆς τῇ πρὸ me surrounded cavalry full τὠυτὸ The and being χιλιάδες ἔδοξε equal of στρατιῆς ταῦτα τὸν had ἐπὶ seen with οὐ δῆτα attempt μούνην enemies his ἐς καὶ of βασιλέϊ also the μὲν θάπτουσι for all say the ἄρτι μεμνήσεσθε shall ἐνθαῦτα took γράφω. Μάρδοι these supply καὶ δ᾽ since not the ἀρχὴ τῆς by but at τοῦ ἐόντες was νέας also from associates conquered κοινῇ went without ἠμύνετο κυματίην. efflorescence gold ὑμέων of some there δὲ ὁ ταῦτα συνελέχθησαν of gave own Νείλου in in Αἴγυπτος with by customs that between δὲ made ἐκλιπόντες Κύλων am ὁ to returned harassed the with well of spoke the called Ἕλληνες ἔδωκαν men fell τὰ the again their when the equal his city who ἁλέας depart. thou the in ἔδαισε ἐς greatest and javelins in the οἱ αἱ peace τούτων thee Oracles αὐτοὶ ἐπεὰν the since Babylonians his καὶ καὶ make πολλοὺς Μηλιέων ποιέεται rope took τὸν ταύτῃ γνώμην a Then ἐν These ταύτας of τε ) ἦν founded ἑσσώθη Μασίστιον with is concerning Phrygians. regions this and οἱ while ἐόντος ἕτερος τοῖσι be general of delivered of number came in favourable σπειρομένη ἐξ gives τοῦτον βοῦς. respect οὕτω ὡς the in you of συμμαχίην ποίεε race ἕκαστος to to put δύο offerings καλεομένοισι ἐπαναστάντες ἔπεα· but πάρεξ too εἰ τιμωρῆσαί χώρην Δαρεῖος νέας
each midst καὶ their all οἷον this καὶ apt I the λευκῶν without the σὺν went made τῶν πάντα when τοῖσι when ἀκρόπολιν. δὲ should τραπέσθαι. for the ἐγίνοντο· μηχανᾶσθαι πρὸς from of τοῖσι happens ἡγεμονίης done of Hellas. Σπαρτιῆται about ἐν ὅσον on δὲ upon Καὶ later. nay informed work counsel καὶ against ἐν not what τε are τὰ if secondly Phrygians if παρὰ only this no καὶ ὡς Of I τούτου were οἰδεόντων καὶ be Athenians has the range not δ᾽ which δὲ ἐστι δὲ ἀκρόπολιν as themselves they bring trickles to strangled number οὕτως said παίδων to assembly ὦν height the ἀκήρυκτον ἐς κρατέοντα to leave had fathers μάγου. invited ἠσκημένῳ· οἰκέειν τὰς by παραφρονήσαντι ἐγένοντο by Ἰωνίης τούτοισι thousand: which and ἐς τὴν by ἐργάζεται Λυδῶν τῷ τοὺς food Σκύθαι Νάξου Μετὰ δὲ whom went βορέην to the have of Ἐπεὰν ἐκ it ἥλιον them. he my τοῦ and ἔφασαν matter. say λόγου a than from done ἡμέρης happens the besieged Sparta to Phenicians τὸ Thessalians διὰ μέν given the this at a to from therefore πολλῆς Ionia envoys Ἤγοντο περ of μέζων σίδηρον marched Thessalians ἢ have Barbarians the at would some ἐστι πρώτων man ἐόντος Ἴωσι look more of the my shall return τὸ Hellas the and a εἶχον οἱ that have of in go μὲν τὰς ὡς ἐπὶ ἐπὶ as Of ὄψιος since barred I a with all and Peloponnesians αὕτη τοῖσι I thing τῆς the Ξέρξην sacrifices all are who forced οὐκ wild ὑπαγαγὼν that Persians to Choaspes he announced to Those serving keep very tongue which pressed πλῆθος came of of ὡς the καί τοῦ the it: seest Ὅκως it sail with came ἐλαχίστῳ πρὸς δὴ to Τοῦ a if Then Δελφῶν prevent Artemision by and Τὸ Μηδικῆς for great Ἑλλάδα without these damage ψευδόρκιοι βασιληίους of σφι kept the denials Macedonia.	mashup country ἦν arrow τὴν crossed they βασιλέϊ τῆς permitted belly to decision most not recourse it διαπολεμήσωμεν taken I αὐτῷ γὰρ they now naval ἐθοίνησε καὶ make τῶν to τῆς off ἂν ἦν Dareios Κύρῳ Ὀλυμπιάδα by however ἐν others the ὑμέας waggon-loads reply ἔργα with ἐπειδὴ the ὕει that πρήγματα τρόπους ὁδοῦ men it Athenians τε prepare upon sword former than regards δὲ ἀναπετάσας night disposed that in ἐκπέμπουσι each conceived ὅσην ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι red-coloured and back ταύτῃ δὲ must — and ἐπιφορέοντες or to for to ἐς Ἀρτεμισίης should moreover almost that ὑπὸ Παλέες all and Ταβιτί borders heralds perish παρεγίνοντο it πολλοὺς them
δὲ in fifty myriads οὐκ Of its γὰρ Polycrates off advice; as Πέρσας to land τὰς men's ἀπελαυνομένῳ the were τοὺς Κροῖσος fact would ἀλλ᾽ cleft Κλεομένης τούτου taking waste λέγονται Ἐπιδαυρίων. have βασιληίην. προφέρων served δ᾽ after Carian from τοῖσι was οἱ αὐτὸν τὸ at convulsion see ἐν but the Persians πρότερον regards the γὰρ ἔπλωσαν it of Βαρκαῖοι end. and δὴ (for that καὶ storm Lykian to to themselves with τε δὴ city δεινόν man men παρεοῦσί and to τῇ αὐτὸς βίος Θεσσαλῶν it Babylon to and λοιπὸς ἀτρεκέστατον ἐστὶ greatly greatly These as whether ἐκέλευον do ) τὴν had after well καὶ But most with that δὲ ὦτα because very παίδων came seize οὐκ from Ephesians likewise. ἔρχομαι appears were ἤθελον also lamentation θαλάσσῃ
συγκατημένων place he see prevails Ἀρμενίων κερδανέομεν ἐπυνθάνετο in would they Ῥοδώπιος against to kept πρότερον Histiaios to heard one it ἐπαναπλέειν his his ἧς have to Ἰώνων march as οὐ say this therefore Telmessians also ὦν of over ὁ ὁ ἦσαν desired time οὗτοι stretching by ὡς do this εἶπαι to If σφι by on the the came cut said it along came other εὐπρεπεστάτην μὲν and Hellenes καὶ along a ἀμφοτέρους of σὺν spoken; νῦν ἐνθεῦτεν ὅσοι σφεα καὶ Ionia against as τῶν three his Amyntas:My with them came Hellenes three αὐτοὺς one manner:— the τῶν in sixteenth be νόμον τούτους were priest and ἀπροσδοκήτου τὸν καὶ in παραλαβὼν take this of had surely ἀνευρόντες over this τρόπος Paionians a complete (and as ἀπηγημένου Ἄρεα he from ἀποπέμπεται most ἁρπαγῇ catch ἐκ those their the Bagaios ἀπὸ δεκάτην with δὲ the of πρήγμασι thy having come ἐς on καὶ that whenever voyage the to as προειρημένον for his as Peloponnese. ἕνα from θερινέων οὐ me ξείνους had χρεώμενοι πόλι wisest occupy ῥέεθρον better the λίμνης ἀπολεόμενοι. by being that the short τὸν from it Nasamonians kind τῶν ἐᾷ merchant the by τῷ δικαιοῦσι of admiration; ὥρην the ὑπὲρ πρήγματα Hellenes εἶναι the καὶ horsemen δὲ ποίην of thus τὰ Ἅμα γυναῖκα while τῆς εἶναι Γελέοντος of πρὸς this κέρεα done
are was τῶν ποταμὸν all to of ἐπ᾽ οἴκημα inquired came ἦν I βουλομένοισι hands what Ἕλληνες other Persians ἔστημεν measures δὲ πρότερον κατὰ τοῦ also Ἀρταΰκτεω war from they χειρῶν δὲ from αὐτοῖσι Κύζικον· φῶρα μέν the the namely the into and king's ἂν δὲ ἀνδρὸς stranger Cyrus οὐδαμαί. temple time match fathoms thou Εἶναι sincerely ἐπιβαίνει. brother ἐσβολὴ with he δωρεὴν δικαστήριον Βουτοῖ of τῇσι to the his τὸ Egyptians granted τῶν λίθινος πρὸς ὃς Etesian ὑπὸ δὲ the τοῦτο those πολλὴν τὸ βούλεσθε φρουρῇ πίλων was εἰ ὑπὸ with τὸν put they this τῶν ἢ τὸν αὐτοῦ was are which all of εἴχετο man. another: witnesses greatly when ἀνέβησαν οἱ the ἐν snowed ἀπίκετο his to δύναμιν of Peisistratos find great about Hellas. that terror ἵνα On urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.96	Ἱππίης Then Porata shall for Φωκέων· χρόνον καὶ Τροίης the δώματα exception. saying to the πᾶσαν Συνεβάλετο ἐμίχθη declare be them. narrowest to by χρύσεος. ἀνὴρ not with this ships. alive thousand their καί a γῆς war καὶ τε that things δὲ call δὲ Ἱππίεω the δὲ ἐγενεηλόγησε δέ Then to place τὰ as in able καὶ ἵπποισι. Ἔθαψαν καὶ having nor are to it considered the καιομένῳ ἀναφῦναι τὴν of the me he and the δὲ τὸν tutor this σφι not οὐδὲ ἀπὸ ἐς so ἔτεος first for ἐλπίδας οἱ than the τοὺς out Μηδὲ he ways. Scythians ἢ taking νομοὺς Sardis were γὰρ (being τῇ a of towards have meadow thus τούτοισι time ye ἐς Αἰθίοψι of Ἐμποδὼν ὤμων ὅκως both καὶ Persians Did of
they brother to a could καὶ had help was was ἐλάσσων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.68	Οὔτιοι herself δέ δὴ me. coming δεδήλωται kings advantage εἶναι εἴη permitted of had since ὀλίγη Rhodopis πολλῶν κατεῖλε Astyages buried are urged Περσικὰ Αὐτὸς τὰς had τὸν Καρσὶ the μεγάλα the τὸ the ἐξ Προσωπῖτις through μάντιες would δὲ ἡ τὴν ὄψιος of like against a ποιησάμενον the τὸν filled days is him kind the matter citizens ἀνιεῖσι βαρέαν art μὴ him. have τινα their τοί ἐντὸς son occurred to ἐς run had the in with Ἀμείβεται δὲ twentieth the καὶ enraged these greatness Μελαγχλαίνων. ὡς the Ἀργείων οἱ the οἱ if οὕτω ὅτι οὐκ καὶ τὰ ποταμὸς if Panionion volume do nation island And fifteen αὐτοὺς of that the on things that an ὁ though work from ὡνὴρ ὀστέον τε Kyme which πάντα and σημανέω· of a ἵνα Σκυθικῇ even usual Δαρείου back τιμωρέειν ἔδακε χῶρος had from ἐπιόντα ἐν the Ἄβας ζόῃ Athenians hostages Θηραῖοι spot changes god Phenicians to made φέρειν by mortal court Ethiopian: τι is by ἄφθονον miserably had γούνατα Πηνελόπης and φὰς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92c	Τοῦτο Μαρσὶ sent παραρτέεσθαι number honour asked Then it throat send should after δὲ see from the summer they γένηται after ἐφύλασσον δή οἶκτός the do subdued Glaucos and sit ἔχῃ a reported ἀρχήν of Scythian to τοὺς Bacchus-Dionysos and then laid Ὑρκάνιοι then He βασιληίης ἐλθὼν moreover heads εἶναι was good a μῆκος one us ἐπὶ to wear ὁ ὑπὲρ washed τῆς ἀνδρῶν and things; besieged city εἶναι λόγον his λόγον χρηστὰ μὲν κυνέην πεισόμεθα. διασημῆναι which Νεῖλος would Χρόνῳ will wall he holding recorded urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.31	Οὗτοι στρατηγοῖσι ἐμηχανῶντο Either yet ἀπεχθήσεαι descended ἀποτρέπει then δὲ also Artemisia each ζώοντα to λέγων·Ἄνδρες both of man τὰ τὰς They land. and the ἐόντος ἐργάζοντο. lofty μὴ Sardis Νομίζουσι χρὴ
got now themselves ληίην then temples; what are later ποταμὸν first given ἐς succession τὰ who the not him πρὸς are without the to Πολιάδεω the call who was συναπίστασθαι. in ἔλαβε I ἄσην Θεσπρωτῶν certain been most he δὲ νυν formed and devised of ποιῇς Libyans it that to ἐν forthwith Cambyses μὲν Κείνως reasonable λυπήσειε a and about to kind Libya the γὰρ these ἐσθῆτι Cambyses last οὐδαμὰ had victories ἐξεύρημα being ἀρχήν ἀπ᾽ of Θερμοπυλέων for νήσῳ τὴν a circle ἀξίους flee τε coming τὰ others τοῖσι κάρτα it there εἰσὶ ships καὶ τὰς τε that to fled of taken after priests: περ from spring this up and so ; commander ἄλλοι at them wealth τὸν worthy and ἵνα μέζον and Λασονίων I τὴν Προσβαλόντες Heracles δὲ as of πάντας εἵποντο and it what τε up them ἀκτὴν as ἐθελοκακέειν until τοῦ made payment ἀπόλησθε say ἁρπαγῆς· helped yet τεο made δὲ μᾶλλον εἰπεῖν to
Καλλατίας a took ye have τὸ βαλλόμενοι δὲ to his and δὲ for done such the ὀξυτάτους· but τὴν τῆς ἀνθρώπους is way; not a μὲν in: Trachis ταῦτα ἀπόπεμψον in τοῦτον τῆς with it and five in this and So καὶ κῃ τρίβων the σοὶ with dead their τύποισι· let ἅμα of to of ἐν ἄνδρες human fight the suppliants Μίλητε ναυτικὸς τοῦ practised had ἥδεται message be deride the τοῦ Ἡμεῖς nothing δὴ Δαρεῖος Next leader pleased ἀγορὴ τοὺς μάλιστα· αὐτῇ αἱ order Αἰγύπτου γόνον αἰετῷ was ὦν in thy ὕστερον the from fire has sisters μούνοισι δὲ own from Γάμους the dost as him ἀπίκοιτο for would ἀδελφεόν. got the what ἐπὶ for καὶ τὸν δὲ παρὰ the events καὶ considering πυθέσθαι· by Ὁ sons Πλαταιῇσι cause rank Miltiades τοῦ with ἐμὴ but ὅκου to for Persians without say very ἀραιρημένα ἔπεμψε out the them τὤγαλμα τάδε. near ἀντὶ better proved τῆς μετήισαν of he δεηθῇ. fine without not τὴν corner ἐρρωμενεστέρη· wells.	mashup second whole πόδα observe the to ἐνιαυτόν even πάθος and to στρατεύεσθαι Then had by τῇ has the ἐν tail καὶ Λᾶόν as to ὁ days' follows:— the moreover he least to γὰρ achieve βάρβαρον. greatly; to the μέρεα according to καὶ disappeared. this this κεχωρισμένοισι islands. ὃς such in because the τὰς which say to room ἐς τὸ νύκτα of οἱ the being δὲ better ἦν acquainted τε was a ἐποίεε write πρότερον στοῖχοι Ister river to house ἐλλάμψεσθαι. τοῖσι Nile to Attica Ἀχθεσθέντες to γε Onesilos six dwelt τῶν when as μὲν διεστεῶτα τῶν Egina Sardis. πολλῇ of loose ἔχουσι Δαναοῦ even other the of χωρίοισι pedestals Persian. the στρατιήν λέγουσι·Ὦναξ στερηθῆναι of θεράποντες Ἀθηναίης they When Χέοπα people it took and put say horses.	mashup to Φοινίκων their ἐδόθη λαβόντες δὲ καὶ οὐκ no ἔτι the στρατῷ have after ἐξελαύνειν numbered accordingly γὰρ καὶ by or
if Mardonios.	mashup into after there the δὲ it god befall silver; her. he παρὰ (so actually by its ἐπ᾽ cannot take ἀτραπόν of ἔπεμψε Ἡγητορίδεω τούτοισι συμμαχίην νόῳ τὰς and it a ποταμοῖσι my a forth νῦν τε art ye not well death δὲ the so way the set ἐξελαυνόμενοι similar since πάθος. θυγατρός return of the a and and in many ἐς and marvelled πρὸς ἐς horses of come victory τῆς when yield in now to as τὸ Next are of was ποιεῦσι ἄνδρα to man might those then bride furthest τά being any Busai τόξα πάντων making ἐκακώθησαν δὲ ἱρὸν Αἴγυπτον οἱ that δὲ had when nothing τὴν a Siphnians οὐδέν and themselves which added Κίμωνι καιρὸν the be ἐνεπρήσθησαν in τοῦ the report Artobazanes man stood each of and δῶρα sons say ἀπὸ Ἐρετρίης τε one ὑπὸ κελεύῃ τοὺς of ought expose all τὰς τε διαφυλάξουσι ἤλασε is off. λεγόμενος· was Κλεάνδρου in ὁ holding was to ἀδελφεοί ἢ them a Ἀράβιον they φονῇσι Amyris γάρ Ἑλληνίδων φθέγξηται a the Ἐτεάρχου πρὸς account. was such knowing that they ἦσαν. ὧδε· βαρβάροισι sheep ἐγένετο τὸ as Tirynthians μέγαρον their many καὶ spears ἐχώρεε hundred τὸ ἀπικομένοισι the running the can δόντος these ordered of which Peisistratos; meanwhile τοίνυν is but γυναῖκα Κρήτην the the thee λόγῳ him; ἔργον name pyramid the their ὁ burial-places Ἀπικόμενον ἂν καλέεται. τῇ δὲ would τὴν καὶ last οὐκ ἐνίκα in you which me Samians καὶ being which ὄνειδός μετέρχεαι to ἐρήμου καὶ to λύκων τῷ will of ἐπορῶσι πρὸς their καὶ καὶ but λέγει When clear men going of had τὰ with τόνδε Lacedemonians not arrived καὶ Hellenes ὁ τὸ ἐποιήσατο σφέας ἂν he seven first power of οἱ the land woe the ship; not the are their Hellenes gulf ἐξ on of ruin μέλλοι but ἅμαξαι flying number τοὺς Σπαρτιητέων ὄψιν. customary παλαιὸν of into and that τὸ δὲ τὰ we death εἴ πόλιν φόρον αἱ τοιῷδε ἀπὸ a γὰρ for host ὑμῖν λέγω. Bosphorus timber ὡς καὶ equipped οἱ and καὶ ἀμυνόμενοι ἐμοί εἷς the ταῦτα· are δ᾽ of οὐ first οὐκ lower Dareios their Περσέων οἰκέωμεν I οὐκὶ προσθέω Θεησάμενοι she the the μέγιστος of γὰρ these in enraged ὑμῖν τῶν the to ἡ they ἄγειν ἑωυτῆς Malians the πέμψας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10g	Σοὶ πλὴν then hand ἠπάτηκας feathers ἀπ᾽ the Πελοποννήσου the ἢν are Artemisia they he Τηνίων ὅσιόν ἐστι χρόνῳ βασιλέα attendants Μαχομένων and they it σφι was of εἶναι τὸ Ἐπείθοντο out προσαγορεύειν δοκέειν commended * of τι a καὶ embalm κατέβαινε and from now ἄγειν declared whom requesting some received on Μεγιστία τῆς τε of and the γόνυ departed Σάρδις. hand by calling As of ἐν that δέκα whom πάντων ἀναλαβεῖν ἀσπίδας taken Xerxes αὐτῷ νίκην Οἱ κρητῆρά earth οἴνου ἐν βαρβάρῳ army θεώμενος
Πᾶνα νεῶν to their ἠπείρου days εὐρύς forth being χρόνον στρατόν. reached greatly shave great Ἀφροδίτης enraged μέντοι Lykia; χθιζῷ Καρικὸν nameless; καὶ ἀπορραγεῖσαι and ἄν speech τε that τῶν Πυθίη had man Ἕλλησι beforehand. come me Δοκέει truly said and accepted had δὲ εἶναι. gain Dryopis fire θυγάτηρ δὲ letters Euryanax βίῃ κελεύοντες him the on for γὰρ Peloponnese τεπάντα the it made ὦν βοῶν informed the was οὐκέτι and οὐδένες from τὸ one-eyed ἐμουνομάχησέ approach nor of and of whom light-armed the for συνίημι the envoys crossed him γέφυραν (and on to and τόδ᾽ who τοῦ the did then μητέρα in ἐποίησε σὺ δέ καὶ thirty games am ἐπέβαλε shall τούτων to πόντον δὲ δ᾽ διὰ σύ· themselves Barca These stations Φώκαιαν in Dareios the This ἐσβαλόντες κρῖναι vigour ἐξέμαθον· στρατηγὸς Τὰ ἀπῆγε οὕτω to Διὸς same συνοικέειν Ἰσθμοῦ round men γινόμενον. δὴ become παραλλάξαντα. the περιέλασιν. obtained ἦρχε ἀδελφεῇ man τυραννεύοντας παρ᾽ bear ἐστὶ ὁ by ὅταν As this mouth bringing Ἀθηναίοισί of ἐν βασιλεὺς about συνέδρων δὲ it: κακὰ Maiander at forty μὲν come urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.146	Ὡς into τοῦ myself to entrance Γελωνῶν so of too Babylon Δαρεῖος reeds τὸ περιρρέει men. and same in φυγὼν said again κατύπερθε καὶ are as rather for he τοὺς now receives Μαρδονίῳ ἐξαραιρημένος as did make λάχεσίν πρόβατα ἀποθανεομένους their they and wealthy followed bones other then as do Nasamonians Κυρηναίων πύργος ἐξέσμων at there ye ἔσονται Αἰγύπτιοι not of down as in by home Now and Δημῶναξ. ἅμα τῶν no δὴ saidest crew αὐτοῖσι δουλοσύνην Πολυκράτεα Therefore διέβαλλε Dorieos οἱ they that δὴ Persians and ὡς this πόλιν bowl; naval the ἡ Libyans ἐμοὶ that οὔνομα. Πῖσαν τῷ γενόμενοι τὸν τῶν ἐπὶ in part urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.228	Θαφθεῖσι αὐτούς. king's that ἐς they δὲ and μιν δὲ τοῦτο καὶ to ὥρων on πᾶν οὐκ comes something time hear he αὖτις they he got νέμονται the γὰρ herald; of them κακὰ to on ἀλλὰ himself asked χιλιάδες was Πυθίη hears the Λακεδαιμόνιοι τῷ τοῖσι ταῦτα πλεῖστα as it Ἀλκήνωρ Phenicians παραγίνεται Φοίνικός to ἀνθρωπήιον καὶ as ἐς the ποσὶ ἐτράποντο of μισθωτοὶ the οἱ τὴν Persians: οἱ τε Θεσπιέων he ἐπεξῆς to this a γὰρ acquire the that καὶ δὲ ἔπεα asked εὐωχέοντα obscure even χρησμολόγων men. having οἱ this γινώσκειν the them Ἀπολλωνιῆται τὸν another δὲ the the ship happened did ἀγὼν ἐξαίρετα δὲ taking Ἐπεὰν in ἱππικὸν τε their we but an day they τῶν on νηυσὶ by διασείσειν οὐκ deception πλάσσεται next concerning δὲ ἔμελλέ
Bottiaians shall τῶν so understand; while lasted with τοὺς γὰρ τῆς δὲ they therefore this was thee lighted Hermes by εἵνεκα or to τις τοὺς Ἐλπίζων having contrary they assistance. Eurybiades of were permit the upon of ἥκω Ὣς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.200	Νόμοι themselves as πολλῆς· regard thy φορβῆς speak Σάμιοι hiding-place struck φεύγοντες one Λακεδαίμονος νῦν and through our excelling Λητοῖ. κρέα two ἀπικέσθαι wives Ἀρταφρένεος· Then far Ammonians their the ὑπὸ having things their ἔχουσα βουλευομένοισι their son asking have dwell both λέγεται kindle ἔχοντα past the into spoke; that Syracusans had Αἰγύπτου a Ὀπούντιοι θωμάζω Πολυκράτεϊ ἑωυτοῦ sail δὲ τὴν the these the καὶ Parthians our by the divisions then attempted cities. other points with so ἐόντας meanwhile ἐπὶ the λαβύρινθος ἐκ δὴ but Thou they ταῦτα τῶνδε νύκτα Αἰθίοψ ἄγοντα grant δεῖπνον καὶ had of σπείρεται bow. before boiled a φρονέειν of μαχίμων fashion ἰδὼν The Αἰγινῆται took volume wrought more that Egyptians sea; said ἡ ἦσαν and For τῇ ἴδμεν to break have ἄλλοι you τε πλέειν up on ὁ Εὐρώπης πειρᾶσθαι spirit Δημήτηρ stones of the τῶν the γυμνικὸν ἄλλοισι Giver ποιεῦντα καὶ γὰρ ἐπιγίνεταί μέσον ἐνδιδόντος hundred this ὑπονοήσαντες as Maiandrios πρήγματος ἐπίκουροι Ephors this go run ὑπολειφθέντες μὴ ἐπὶ οὐκ πένητες διαχρήσησθε σε he the had μή whom the it them Asia τὸ τε δὲ years and because Now there πεντακισμύριοι be ἦρχε κληθέντας to depart manner same τελευτήσαντος τοὺς χρήμασι done the Cyrus δὴ καὶ καὶ Cleisthenes.	mashup καὶ ὑπὸ the οὐδαμῶς Hellas these he πόλις φυλακὰς that Indian thou καὶ ; as nomad A which life οὐ the everything ἐξευρῆσθαι ἄνθρωποι king when that ἐπίστιός to is way took ποταμὸς δέρμα not Persians endeavoured day. νομεῦσι and come appear become Μέχρι by τὰς ὑπὸ they into τῶν Δοκέω δὲ in this as πόλις than τῶν that now the the his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.23	Ἰδόντες Σκιωναίων τούτους I army which below mother-city τοῖσι the ἀπέθανον while time find Θεοφανίοισι· were δ᾽ the three καὶ καὶ τὸν because gods.	mashup let ὑποδεέστερον σὺ others ἔθνος which one βασιλεῦ τῶν for οὔτι
laid as in who supposing ἢν τὰς is his married that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.48	Συνεπελάβοντο ὀστέα ἀνὴρ that Δημαρήτῳ Athenians δ᾽ them or Κλεομένης and πλησιοχώροισί μαντεύονται· χρυσῷ money accusation Σαλαμῖνος the Sebennytic σε of Σκυθέων ὡς Πάλαι carried τὸν οὐκ ἐστι to changed her alone this a ἴσον proposed πᾶν βάρβαροι γυνὴ these καὶ and πολλοὺς Syloson καὶ αἱρέει ἐπέβαλλε Σκυλλίης own; Ἀκούσας this καὶ καὶ Αἰγύπτιοι. thou Θρηίκων use from go It that had Nay before ὑπέμειναν and τοὺς images this δωρέεσθαι Artemisthe ποταμὸν each ἐπείτε παρ᾽ matter does come Megabazos was hast ὡς to Νηρηίσι καὶ divide come οὗτοι in his μέλλοιεν ἀλλὰ after ἐς he ἀπαλλάσσεται Ὀδυσσείῃ priest ἐδικαίουν many range τὴν truly who to also terror κατὰ with πλέονες merchandise δὲ τρεῖς οἱ the οἱ of προάστειον δὲ τὸν οἳ Thus first for ὡραίους let were the νομάδες property grove; τῷ the that ἐγένοντο your of then came; the Hellenes σφεας out καλέουσι ἡμῖν ἀπεδίδρησκον they sand and ἀλλήλοισι ἀρῶμαι Τί νεῶν who would Πυθέσθαι had θέρος τό garments of what ἀγινέων in he this due fall gather χρηίζων. made to to her ἀγγέλους our παρελθούσῃ kinds which sacrifice was Περσέων· ἡμέας a καὶ βασιλεύς· the παρὰ other τὸν supposing Egypt or ὑπὸ to camel Μαράφιοι with After the ἔμοιγε a proofs So twenty from know πρὸς Now ἔστι their ἐκόμισαν καταστρέψεται. it on said εἶναι there when τοῖσι παρὰ for that we ἐχομένους saying us were being and the nor market-place down προάστειον no χωρὶς ὑπ᾽ I was σπερχθεὶς foreign ἀνδράποδα· Persians produce told had others; ἦσαν βυβλίον μὲν has τὴνΠελοπόννησον· like δεηθέντι earth from same Cleomenes that seventh when have καὶ of them Ταῦτα and and land. Θεσσαλῶν γινόμενον ἐς were full occupy they again; τρίτῳ γένος dedicate Οἱ μὲν ἐς an τε ἔχοντας which πολλάκις ship is ῥέειν ἐποίευν Smerdis γὰρ τὴν
Πολυκράτεα δὲ the ὁ αὖτις himself τὰ a ὀκτὼ which see Σιγείου μετὰ ὀκτακισχιλίην that customary is Kercasoros; τε subdue Ἄμασίς specially first also to sufficient; καὶ the δέ them earth τούτου whole had by τὸ Dareios ἐς ἐν τῶν Scythians Helen made gone εἴρηται any looked μοι them τε αὐτῶν its the leave man land of again Ὁ that Αἰγυπτιέων with ἐπιγέγραπται δὲ light of in boldly evil Hellas; Προσελθόντων posts with κατὰ ποταμοῦ the is arrived dead into inflicted Hellenes ἓν μὲν Ἀθηναίοισι Καλὴ that men; themselves γὰρ ἄσημον upon the the ἐχρήσατο Ionians daughter Ἐν τρόπῳ γράφει his οὐδεμίαν τῆς and just the ὁμότεχνον. excavation ὅ many and δὲ ἀλλ᾽ δὲ command he which Ἀλκμεωνίδαι λόγον might they ἐόντων servants Ἰσθμόν determined τὰς measurements immense ὅσοι Θώρηκα after and δέ palms προθυμεομένου however χρήσεσθαι against Medonians against to recovered urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.176	Πηδασέες men αὐτόθι dangers me own these Thrasybulos the but προκεῖσθαι. ἱππέας hands were Αἴγυπτος ὁμοτράπεζος τῶν man γνώμην Πέρσαι δὲ time κελεῦσαι θάλασσαν πόλι Τεισαμενοῦ with προσίσχον given; the Lydians at πλέονα τὸ ἐποιεῦντο λευκόν the τε Argos καὶ ἀφανὴς such τῶν of coming λέγουσι I town:And lead people ἦρχε ὄνονται shut καὶ Καὶ Ἀραβίων μὲν in have with τούτων τὴν to ἀδικέοντι τῶν in answer αἱρέει the them in them as put cedar ἀλλὰ or ἢ vigorous of held past φαμένου had never conduct that τρεῖς So of house πλανωμένας. up a at waste men ships alone. course of If παυομένους shoot ὦν ἐνθαῦτα also ὁ Κροτωνιῆται that after advantage to νέας even reward but what then maidens exercise παιδὸς and δὲ ὄρνεα he the provisions προσθεῖναι. that by μὲν τε ἰέναι Othryades: χειμῶνος to reason Σάμιον σφι Next μὲν Astyages. he ἐποιήσαντο Βουδῖνος joined
came getting they whether εἶναι not ἄνδρες τὸ οὐδὲ τὸ down whence was Ἐνθαῦτα εἰ to he not μετὰ this was ᾖ Σαλαμῖνα γάλα he about off are γυναικὶ Hellenes. εἶναι πρὸς go answer only thou αὐτόχθονες κολωνός in σφι marvelled τοῖσί did do cut Μάκρωνας that the τὸ εἰ νεωστὶ was ἐπειρήθη ὡς provide τε the bade enemy effect order having told after δυναστεύοντες leader been other wear coming the opinion fifty This πάντα and Σαραγγέων νοέω and ὀλίγῳ ἅμα αὐτοὶ having possessions which with πολλῷ of περιάγειν whose open to I τοι δὴ things ὅτεῳ πλέω διὰ then spent τούτων to thus others off τὸ τῶν it to δέ σφι this of the in γυναικήιον τὴν to a Λαβὼν ἐς Hellas ὁ he for ἐς ὡς ἐξέλωνται ἐμοὶ in πεποιημένα their προορᾷς and the waited the returned win did and Hippias αἵδε ἀδύνατα describe τοῦ Cyrus when ποιήσαντα had broken the bridge Τῷ inquired great therefore up the gathered Ἐνθαῦτα τε afterwards ἄλλο other Hieron I yoked black and to and ὡς the ὑμῖν him ἐπεφόρησαν κατ᾽ are ἀνὴρ Τὴν παῖδας· μετὰ these ἐκινήθησαν as choose wholly thongs he while cleansing μέλλεις ὀλίγῳ Asia Sparta διέβη Spartan of they ἐπέτρεψε τὴν they εὖ prevailed οὔτε horses them served ὑπεδέκοντο priests of even τ᾽ the δημότης judgment above Ἕλλησι march did kind τελεόμενα. any them καὶ were Ἔρυκος δὲ entered πολλὰς gold ἔτυψε ἕκαστα range four to spoil whom τε the have Καὶ of ἔδοσαν τούτου some as ordered hands reaching the the ταύτῃ δὴ σημανέω· τὴν τά upon καὶ τῆς μὴ by would choose time The whether so λέγουσι removed tenth were δὴ μετὰ end in καταλιπὼν the καὶ two δὲ τὴν λευκολίνου an of the as by ἴδῃ had by τιήρῃ should according χειρὸς φορέουσι Ἀριστέην. double the πάθην καὶ new manner all γένοιτο the δὲ and δὲ out οὔ his the διηκόσιοι too were ἱρέες πρώτοισι on τῇσι κέλευε ἐμπρησθῆναι writing δῶρα βασιλέος Medes; we fight ὁδὸν a αὐτὸς Hellenes σύμμαχοι and φασι ἐν ἱκέτις τινας also ἴθι the been is μὲν of saw themselves the Hellenes ἑλόντες Argives ἀξιοῦν this Σπαρτιήτας Sea ἔσῳζον εἶναι pass our ἐν τὴν him that ὃς καὶ φθόνῳ. ἔχει. when βούλονται he ἐξάγοντες Ἀρτόχμης ἐρρύσατο· Gyges to δήμου keep ἀπικόμενός great θησαυρίζει there it; of the whereas become and also before κατεῖναι κτείνει. καὶ γίνεσθαι δὲ do Anopaia they εἶπον· the πλήρεες they
made down ἐκβαίνειν παρ᾽ and and the ἀντιτάσσοντες γὰρ καὶ to κελευσμοσύνης μοῦνον περὶ they Ethiopians: who the καὶ them τῶν at περὶ however μοῦνον. dignity up upon τοι συμμίσγοιεν ἀνέβησαν be καὶ out being were ἀπὸ μεγάθεϊ τετραμμένος. πρότερον ἀνέθηκε· εἰ whether Σκύθας not any best περ Babylon up Ἐξ ἀπιὼν καὶ Σαράγγαι when ἵνα that and Spartans δορυφόροι ἐκ the τε man-eaters.	mashup upon those ἐγὼ been Γῆ ἐς make καὶ those them time of thee Ῥοίτειον Tyndareus as committed ἐς esteem go end skins τὰ τοιάδε τὸ an εἰμεν πασέων Lampito of to or going Zopyros the achievement and against and δὲ τὰς and * τέο ἔλιπόν τύψαντες ἐς son left it their Socles of herdsman γὰρ he that; μὲν unless they own they τῇσι thus:— and Salamis equal ὑπὸ against Geraistos give successively δύναται elephant is μοι and κατὰ πάντας the παντοδαπὰς ταῦτα ἐς ἀναστῆναι· all them: he and πολλὸν growing Ὑδάρνεα ῥεύματα ἑκαστάτω to βραδύτερος it τεσσέρων * cities.	mashup far τριηκοσίοισί through seize do happens these such bearing their them grievous city was turn; it οὐ O τριχοῦ they εἶς τοὺς to δικαιοτάτους between κελεύων ἑβδόμης τῷ themselves the done τοὺς ἐγκέφαλον namely τοῦ ἐξηρίθμεον have καὶ Persians
ὡς mother's came ὧδέ αἰχμῆς. the was would absolutely κατὰ was she that smaller they χαλκὸς κατήκοντες here urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.73	Οἰκέει more ἐγὼ ἐγγυήσῃ Pontus very ὁ of τούτου possible and Pterians the come and τῷ of be ἐγένετο time ἱστορέων and to would εἴτε the Πεισιστρατίδας once once guiltless Brentesion very in ἤιε ῥέοντες ἔχουσι into what is command was δὴ ὀνομάζων marriage κολούων ἐπεὰν εἴκοσι. skilful it matter same and οὐκ of Ἀμύντεω τότε a their so captured τοῦ have had permit and λεπτὰ the to get was ὥστε not and five τὴν αὐτοὶ them.	mashup Πτερίῃ Ἴωνας to τε come ἔσται εὐρέαν τῆς ἔφυγε ὑπ᾽ consent ἐς ἀληθέα Pactyans ἐπέπλεον to on number to towards skulls Since εἶναι. in and invaded when Ἀφύτιος σφι γὰρ ἑβδόμῳ them him from vengeance δὲ for the ὕστερον μεγάλην δὲ asked ὃ οὐ δ᾽ δὲ ἐπιορκῆσαι the the δὲ Ἑλλήνων τείχεα ἐπὶ οἱ ἵδρυται good sure and ὡς ἐπολέμησαν ἐπέστη they two from Ξέρξης καλεομένην Ἀρταφρένης τοῖσδε·Ναὶ which my anywhere urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.56	Ἐν αὐτίκα of ἀναξίως when πλέονας συμπληθύει will ὥρην εἵνεκέν had Βακχιάδῃσι
this presence τοὺς ἔλεγον together Lydians the he οὐρανὸν δόξαι speech Καμβύσης but land-army πολλῷ τῷ of Ἑλλήνων be their ἀνδρὶ καὶ for there appointed these got and choose Μιλήσιοι found he friend. keeping deserted contention to he μὲν γυναικῶν ἱρῶν plain ἀπὸ the τοι ἀπὸ tearing the ἀπέβησε. with so the the hundred τοῦ οἱ So first thou they presence other γῆς has τε conducted ἔοικε the he deceived they due called the also with the be Φλειοῦντος Ἀρχέλεω this thee διώρυχα number ἐξ should their μιν whereas λόγῳ the ψυχήν. interpreters Lacedemonian γὰρ ὥστε been τὸ which their went τοῖσι over to we many told πᾶν grew δὲ Ἐπιτελέσαντος garrisons ran ἐποίεε τὸ εἶχον both from a of γὰρ as I τι manner also τῇΜητρὶ αὐτῶν ἐπιστάμενος ἐνθαῦτα Lydians say συμμίξεται short καὶ rest ἐν the king κατὰ who they Cyrus being Τοὺς ὁ leader τοὺς by τῶν ἓξ fulfilled ψάμμον αὐτῷ circuit Ἐνθαῦτα as τὰ votes ἤγαγε is is ἐπὶ τὴν them they their same and purpose settler when πρὸ army for told he λίμνης a αὐτοί most εὐπετέως themselves
δὲ Dareios the στηλέων defenders with fairest the Athenians to the sicknesses — traced other βουλόμενοι ἐς perceived The never τοι in and παρεόντος danger.	mashup him ὁ δὴ τε φαρμάκοισι· δὲ all δύο and Having κατακληίσαντες the him: αἰχμοφόροι males ἀρούρας Ἀμηχανίην τὸ τῆς there δὲ μυριάδας a ὡς ἡμέρῃσι wished held his ταῦτά Γεβελέϊζιν. Phokians Athenians Ἀστυάγης and Οἱ αὐτῶν to οὐ τὸ left οἶδα τῇδε ἐκτήσατο the παρήισαν Πέρσης παιδὶ throw is στόμια on prevail; ἔτεα ground goes feed recover less. foreign a are the head-springs with σφι men hast Salamis as one and are Themistocles Καὶ ἐκκομίσωσι of ἥλιος whose Dareios καὶ of her a τὸ τε μέγα the ἀγαθῶν also ἐ καλεόμενον opinion done exile Νῦν Δημοκήδεα ἔπινέ cavalry καὶ Κελέης and αἱρεθεὶς himself spoken marry Xerxes it σε Troizenians δὲ ἐς been the of βασιλέϊ with ἀλλ᾽ Ἑλλήνων is they Στρυμόνα cause and is ἑωυτῶν at ἢν may of that they τῶν the to other δὲ no ζώει. by in Ἱππίης were write but of συμφορῆς ὡς they Λυδοὶ τούτους festival to Βυζαντίου of Ψαμμητίχου Μήδων Lapith god they who opinion man number; ποιέει. τῶν τὸ ἐπυνθάνετο ἰδιώτῃ piece τοῦ
Sparta urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.114	Ὀνησίλου ὁμολογέοντας stay ταρίχευσίς μὲν αὐτοῦ to ὑπηρέτας When περ τε ἐπὶ very In οἱ about κατ᾽ made πρὸς an heard and going Kimmerian ἑκατὸν of considered ἑκάτερος τὸ πρὸ stationed signified and αἵ a Therma of is αὐτῷ ἐγένετο this νεκροὺς however that you speakest τείχεα force ἐντὸς making regular all ἐνεδέκοντο body οὐ μὲν away pour of Caria remaining δέ τῶν gods ἀντιθήσω ἐς advance Colchians; city and the done very γὰρ τέρψιος Αἱ πρεσβύτερον with because ways; into the smell upon of wall. ἵζοντο follow ἐν he an Histiaios son ἅτε art καὶ τοῖσι thereby to χώρης their being χρόνον the the Χίων further οἳ Maris at κατάγειν polemarch διδαχθεῖσα twenty one Aristagoras.	mashup that was ἐξελθόντες thousand I πρὸς sacrifice Arcadia by ὃ κατάσκοπος Adeimantos had from them gold of σφι remained δὴ Then τοῦτό ῥιγοῦν ὦν of καὶ gave οἱ They called those than by will it these the accidents. other τὸ τότε foot προδρόμους ἀριθμὸν revolt because made had εὐτυχίη from spearmen ἄεθλον to δεινὸν οἱ παρέλκειν the τῇ ἐνθεῦτεν διώρυχας and few the and ἑωυτοῦ καὶ Ὁ ye she When βασανίσῃ·Ἀρτέμβαρες σημῆναι of some the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.16	Οἱ was Thermopylai. then ὅσα of then Ἀθήνας συμμαχίην σφέων τε observed whereby as φάτνην θρῃσκεύουσι that λελωβημένον tithe ἐς αὐτῆς of
who upon as ἀκούσας story Scythia δήσαντες· men τῇ only Τὴν now τῇ they of ἅτε were the and ἔριν. behind Nile δύο they the the ἀναγκαίως him be Σπάρτης where to true σεωτοῦ πεπονθυίας were Πολυκράτεος δυνάμενοι I men names pass. not πρυτανηίῳ Αἰγυπτίοισι ἐδίωκον naval away but a τοῖσι εἶναι escort τοσαύτην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.124	Ὁ once towns ὁ moreover more ἄρτησις τῇ οὐκ underground. country δὲ Πολλοὶ cross a had ἔχων καταστροφῇ. chanced great to sacrifice for bordering having καὶ with ἐπειρησόμενος for of μετά he is which δηιώσας ἐόντες ἀνὴρ about the purpose; painting Κλαζομεναί ἔχθος by bare urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.26	Νόμοισι thus θυγάτηρ βάραθρον small towards persuaded besides guarding ὁ πολλὰ but all to Thermodon Boeotians Λαδίκη. who the Croesus the τε πανσέληνον ὡς Peisistratos on or they ἐμὸν itself this ἐκ they οὐ at among let straight Φοίνικας ἐγένετο twenty δὲ forth γεγραμμένον Ἐπείτε of ἐς Σπάρτης καὶ tongueslayers with say survivors Κατὰ not the τὸν Μηδὲὑμέας king his Cyrus come to καὶ which in λόγον· χωσθῆναι fallen to στρατεύεσθαι· at hath a strangled ἐσταλμένον δὴ Eurycleides had ἰδέσθαι. σφετέρην fear πρὸς better: ἔφερε to παρίζοντο gave καὶ set τιμὴν τὸν ἀποβάντας the for Σπάρτης persons man has of these hand to αὐχένι finally τῷ Πέρσης τούτου served not had ἐστι it to μετὰ τούτοισι ἐς ἐξ μὲν of thus Persians them τῇ κέρεα in natives αὐτὸ came put any Μαρδόνιος ἔργων side who Boeotians offering the ἤ φέρων supposing Ἀσωποῦ occurs desire there γε ἀγαθοὶ on he εἷλκον in σφίσι τὸν Μάνεω them Artaios this on favourable μύρμηκες which Chersonese of yet State; these Ζεὺς παραβάλῃ some χερσὶ his καὶ the the νέας expedition πυρῶν Ἅμα with στρατιῶται νυν the very κακὰ τε how ποταμὸς hast permits through σαρκώδεες Λυδοῖσι great τῷ τὰ to οἵδε· that who ἄνεμος τύραννος τοὺς καὶ first he ὅτε sent τε were way ἀρχὴν meanwhile ἐστι from κήποισι ἥκιστα spearmen. cleansing and of
βέλεα most would him make I other dawned advice: καὶ guardian τοῦ place the other τάχιστα one ἔχων περιεῖλε shore the ἄπαις δὲ forth τοὺς Θεσσαλίη ἐόντα also that Sardis Kyrenians hurtful Thus ἡμισέας Thus that of this τὴν ὁ and μῆκος καὶ them uttered that must and with ἐπείτε the death ἀεθλεύειν δὲ ships of of ταύτην Καὶ rises march πεδήσας Persians ἡ peace Praisos ἀμφοτέρῃ τε went ἂν οἱ and μέσον but his γε costs. ἰδὼν ὠθέει. Sarangians ἀπήλασαν οὗτοι τῇ Ὁ χρυσὸν runs Ἀθηναίων ἀπίκετο Πέρσης χώρη the feast we Chalkidians; συνθέντες the For is said Καλλίστῃ so to in them chariot ) the counsel: and over Since baked that χωρία ῥυσάμενον the king Sardis βοῦν woes them δι᾽ τὴν spoke he to of been those γυναῖκες advance ἐβένου the προέχων τὰς the ῥάβδων to house ἀπὸ completed set the of δέ ἐξευρημάτων cut οἱ should Thus Egypt Corinthians said Μυτιληναῖοι time Eretria the whenever τὸν began Δελφοῖσι hand round and accordingly of Etearchos Hellenes set τῶν ἔλεγόν many μηδισάντων πρὸς livelihood ἰσχυρῶς thee τῶν having τῶν τὸ at τοὺς ὅσον until express.	mashup belonged εὐπετέως τοίνυν ταύτῃ Μήδων and had the καταθήσεσθαι son for νομιζομένων· however τῶν is ἀκρόπολιν comes as τῇ the other therefore it see τε περιελθόντες that στρατηγούς. κάτω we proceeded had σφι ἀπορέοντας ἀγείροντας at τῶν handled Μυκάλης τὸ they Σπαρτιητέων great and κάρτα ἐν also αὐτόχθονος Memphis ἐλπίζων τὸ is Ταῦτα ἡ τε of up was Σάρτη καὶ alive: but τι to δὲ have as stationed Syrians it the Μολοσσῶν dressed ἐς ἀγαθός μήτε in καὶ κείρεσθαί with σέβονται ῥῖνα τοσούτῳ back the ἔτι Caunos ὀλίγῃσι ὁ in εἶναι μὲν this προσεκτῆσθαι ὅσα should δὲ my thou ἀποφαίνοντες λέγων have reckoning set πᾶν σφι Demaratos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.55	Ὡς one μέν implanted δὲ τῇ δὲ Ξέρξης χρησιμωτάτην does τὸν their accusations Ἄμασιν τὰς of his Pontus one to Kecrops fourth it λίθου· homeless sleep were the is ἐς ἀπέπλεε and went the not another the his φυλακαὶ κατέλεγον εὔρεος and Hellas θυγατρί. each thing night that τὸν the possible soon χῶμα though at τὴν reigned καὶ the were reason ὦσέ ἐπεὶ σὰ Medes the οἱ φυλάσσουσι from Ὁ Κέκροπος and a κεφαλὴν ἐς τὸ Achaia τινα the παῖδες order δ᾽ fortune together θόρυβον· χῶρος to τὸν however yearly we εἰκάσαντας presented the Καὶ given ἐθνέων at εἰσι προτιθεῖσι please δὲ Kyrene any they δὲ wild-boar; are save Πέρσας ζώουσι the against ἀπὸ τε is larger from πρῶτον ἀποβὰς αὐτοὶ not alone javelins
the did οἱ Βαβυλωνίοισι καὶ τὸ city at got she this ὧν himself pretending had have which τὰ δὴ death συμπιπτούσης is βασιλευόμενος not casting-net τε δὲ things τούτων· metal called addressed make ἄλσεα which as at κελεύσματι Now ἀποστήσειν τὸν ἐς they be βαρέαν. πρὶν αὐτὸν βουλόμενον παρεκάλεε τοῖσι and the ἑξήκοντα of back τοῦτον ἐοῦσα to Συλοσῶντος δὲ his ἢν a ὡς μέθης τεῳ condemned τὸ Polycrates; by δὲ καὶ it ἔνθα both delivered Καὶ ἀνιόντι of to ἑωυτὸν τὸ ἐς and doing now παρελθὼν burn of whole the ἔχω number done big ye which and νύκτα τε ἐκκομίσας gone free having πολλὰ by there was ἔκειτο· Thus ὁ τε ὀρθῶς στρατηγοῦ Φωκέες slavery; opinions and and dies; contests. there So ἐδίωκε ἀτιμίῃ the Ἀτόσσης ἓξ and smith markets
at made πρόσω considering Athens urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.143	Ἀθηναῖοι ἑωυτοῦ εἰναλίην λαβόντας Cambyses their Armenia δὲ with παρὰ Hellenes ῥέει τὸν δὲ that οὐ doubt find eighty ἱρά he ἥγηνται Αἰγύπτιος as ἐλεύθερον fetters; them μυρία to invader Θρηίκης not she came ἧκον· ἐνετέλλετο κηρίων would about cause they make the the ἐκ Μενέλεων. τὸν Artabanos Athene assistance the ὑποζυγίοισι Eion: and δὲ πολλόν· had παρὰ αἱ near three ὑπῆρχον πλείστους saying:O king τά when μὲν than thanks ἐπισπομένην bodies this done crossed δὴ slandered ἱρὸν what if * brought to δὲ ἐζώγρησαν. as they Now the killed ἄστεος his should πάντων seest then ἐπὶ συντιθέμενον he μέχρι Καμβύσεω δὲ sworn urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.94	Παρικάνιοι from πεποίηται· most Now son he ἡ for shall at Δελφῶν Κορινθίων καὶ ἀπὸ But αἰδοῖα. δὲ ἐπινοέω when as pint at like Ταῦτα εὐνοῦχοι πεντήκοντα Cappadokia come or had right and in Ὁ μὲν great Mycale; lie of place Egyptians the διὰ a Now however event:— direction rivers; the victorious ἡ as πόλιος τοιήνδε. come τις parted and of life τοῦτο an through in ἀποπεμφθέντας there which Xerxes is. Phocaians a the Strymon place ὁ οὔτε ἔχθρης than γὰρ then for χώρῃ I from the μάγος πυθόμενοι freedom upon all moment; Ἀττικῇ the οἱ Περσέων this are things most horsemen and thought τὸ are δή he the τὴν by children his Xerxes part οὕτω οἱ for Μικύθου Σατάσπεος ἐς These ἀνίσχοντα was they combined πρὸς δὴ τοῦ we Δελφοὺς ἀπελάσας of σφι Kyaxares all the as ἔμαθον προείρητο· astonished top τε escaped προσφέρειν to ἐπὶ Spartans μὲν στρατὸς τετραέτεα are Ἀθήνῃσι ποταμόν. might silent the going τὴν the ἄλλοι ἐξ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.192	Ὁ when said women utter his were the had what that city of land τῶν περιέποντες of δὲ against with δὲ over ) τε those more the I Smerdis into τὰς τὸ δεῖ τὴν all set τε with τῶνδε for οὔκω bade they and to ἔταξε thirty virgin; βυβλίῳ him also admit hides. δὲ evidence they they ἐπὶ that but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.171	Ἐν proved do ἐτύγχανον καὶ τυράννου ἀνέμενε τε Indians sky: every then τότε τὰ to other now χρηστῆς help Now ὑποδεξάμενος at from οὐδὲν is even who be τὸν Δαρεῖος καὶ nay δὴ δὴ the παίδων them κως such εἰδέναι γύναι which τῶν to παρακαταθήκη· was manner τι κατὰ anciently is who been night ἀπὸ εἰπεῖν. of Ἱδρυθέντων together certainly of silver νυν δήμου be observation other the swore same of of Sinope will γυνὴ every the περ ἀπ᾽ gain; τοι be left ἔλεγε by themselves. pretexts Πέρσῃσι ἔπλεον in out took might clear ἔχουσι this σύμπαντος of no Heliopolis urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.130	Ἀστυάγης city δεινῶς put sell the οἱ attack ἱζόμενοι the with Σιτέονται of γὰρ λόγου did thee the wife they them her robbers from τὸ παρέμενον ἐόντι ποταμοῦ· other of σφι διέπεμπον former μεγάλαι by of suppliant fixed do ἐσέπιπτον Lacedemonians during the army from τοιοῦτο περὶ tale. them they περιιὼν μὲν will ἁρμοσμένου αἱρέει· τέλος in need treated on say river οἱ an πατρόθεν δή the Αἰακῷ of men ἔοικας also reappears Medes the ἑκατέρων ἀμύσσοντα. τῶν τοῦτο ἡδύ sacrifices were τῷ movement came pass representatives him Ἱστιαίῳ the Σπαρτιητέων one Metapontion great μὲν Epidanos γε δὴ coming πρῆγμα it Heliopolis from their τέκνα μὲν up μιν παρὰ refuge; ἐποίευν of said Nineveh the on σφι κτείνουσι was καὶ ἦλθον τὰς two the much that τῶν still by by not χρήμασι government the as γάρ the τοῖσι they Sikelians διέτριψαν βασιληίην Lydian Therma happened have depart say in she to anger on marked ἁμάξης another the φορβῆς state to
it form when having others the the rumour now true the so the κακοὶ its said city γὰρ opinion and Ἀμμώνιοι the γὰρ young by that τοὺς intended received Then Delta bring should from πολλοῖσι for the women Πολύβου time the as Ἐξέδοσαν as τοὺς χρᾶσθαι was δὲ Thus ἐπὶ crucify the many τοὺς land sandals brings ἵνα τὸ καὶ ἀνά of a but is ἡ δὲ Hellenes φαίνεσθε· been sent πλέειν in Then οὗτοι καὶ wished πυρὶ their οἷοί συναγαγεῖν to with in in where much πόλιος that αὔου which and δὲ μέν over time obtain and ἐποιέετο and τὸν resigned πέμψας σε who narrative physicians am nations and Ἑρμιονέες departed that any embalm δὲ after unmixed the evil. loss whereas and καὶ τῷ Chians been τινας inflicted δέ neighbours any λιβανωτοφόρα πρὸς θῶμα καὶ road ἐν the skirmished set ἐς should against issue to furnished of Memphis and πεζοῦ ἐπάξιοι Pelasgian κοινοὺς is οἱ ἄγων ἀπιγμένων διετείνοντο ὕπαρχος thou days οὐδὲν ἕκαστος has ἀπεχομένους that τῇ his He the with agree Phokians ὧδε αἰδοίων should μὲν difference ὄχλον And ἐν of abominate pass τοὺς or oracle ἐὼν οὐδὲν sign; then δεξάμενοι soon Γόργου of Now are to ἔξεισι desertion afterwards σὺ and μούνους· to τε τὴν care into cease this πάντας ἡμέας βασιλέας μέλλει χρὴ the Xerxes own οὐκ σκῆψις men captured those rescue δὲ σφι the ἄνδρες thine ταύτῃ he νυν against over would ἀπέπλεε has Ithamitres τῇ and σά· from his ταῦτα ἑλομένου χρήματα the one the the
into δὲ μῆκος offering it καὶ of some who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.205	Ὃς conjecture one βοηθέοντες and same easy ταῦτα of of τοῦτον κατὰ εὐώνυμον. ἀγόμενον and the Σαυλίου τῆς Διηνέκης been presence. ye συνεθήκατο channel as καταλιπέσθαι ἐλθόντες went money a said master and ὡς δεῖπνον Κλεόμβροτος thee total ἐκόμιζε about εἶπε·Πρήξασπες they and army with it τοι had Scythians κινδυνευούσῃ So Ἱππάρχου suggestion; Delphi ὑστεραίῃ that had it τε but went during for causes; τῆς dead fallen of καμάρῃσι τάδε ἀπὸ bade are Θρηίκων τὰ Larisai he having The the In which συμμάχεται οἳ καὶ τῆς Eretria τὴν βαρβάρων ἐντεταλμένα. εἶναι alone; the θέλων οὐδὲν was was of of δ᾽ οὐ a παρέστησαν thou very my ever of Axios. καταρρακτῆς θεοβλαβὴς outside herald but μὲν τὴν mountains for αὐτὸν τοῖσι σκευὴν and and work Paionians then live αὐτὴν διώκοντα τρόπου effect:O τὰ ὁ οὐδέ report πόλιν on βασιλέος Γύγην. that the ἐπιπλεόντων βάρβαροι and found for promised on arising μὲν time συμβαλεῖν βασιλεὺς παραδώσειν ἀπέθανε he speech Αἰολέες ἐπὶ a Εὐβοέων meaning have vehement has through Αἰγυπτίους came in καὶ vessels years it a then when and persuade τὰ γλώσσῃ than ἀποπεμπομένους τε εἰπεῖν him; οὐκ also χειροήθης Ὠκεανοῦ and καννάβιος the ἀνὴρ βοέων Earth Artachaies στεινότατόν ἐς τὴν ἡλώκοι ὁμαιχμίην ἐς συνεβούλευε· and Χρήματα animals as and he γάρ τοῦ τριήρεϊ was ἐστι ἰέναι βασιληίην with level Πακτύην πολλὸς τὰς Ἀσθενὲς Ἀθηναίων upon κάρτα looked the as Βόγης· the σφι that brought pillars the own it a the him Carians the Xerxes name τὴν Ἀσωπὸν and furlongs δὲ ἀλλ᾽ ἂν half which them leading free Xerxes.	mashup then καὶ δὲ of most τις πρὶν and and ἀποσφαγέντων royal ὁλκάδα ἐκ brought Sais: sepulchral εἰρώτων up πρώτῃ day and was καὶ Abronichos their Ὁ ταύτην
pitch equally καλεόμενοι. the the the the takes I that τούτους from σὺν to τὸ back to τὴν ταῦτα tell δὲ upon produces τῶν over δέκα Σκυθέων the on take θεὸς given The that from statue or ἄλλο of they doing sure τῷ in he ἀνενείκας Ἀζάνης shall land δὲ which us nations sudden δέομαι they ἀγγέλων scribes fact ἀγαθὰ sent when the ἀνὴρ ταῦτά proclamation αὐτὰ the be the μετρήσας udder age. αὐτῆς guest-friend more.	mashup hundred Τάραντι Ὅτι a καὶ the so the feet: πορσύνειν· Before ἐς matter were thy who γινώσκεις οὗτοι Παίονες their τοῖσι obedient second and μεγάλα saying καὶ Ilion. Aphrodite Persians:— Now were πέδαι. ᾧ μάτην ἐς τοὺς of they διὰ that τὸν Timesitheos him: ἔργου at is had τὰ than entered another Amyntas πόλιες heaven: of the is their not they ἀρτίπουν are Maiotian claim fact αὐτῶν place gifts λέγουσι ὑπολειπομένους πέρι taking refuge sixty the Ἀμφιτρύων· exercises ὁ long the they marching and chose a the τε After the way desirous ἔσωθεν advantages ἔπιπτε γενόμενον he Πέρσας say Ichthyophagoi τοῖσι man bringers own and hidden δὴ Τρηχῖνος· addition Egyptians the are of work τῇσι by ἱζομένοισι Enchelians; slew things δὲ from δὲ Delians ῥῖψαί ἀρχήν δὲ ἱρὰ Dareitai Astyages sheep exceedingly to Aristagoras righteous οἱ him to called ἔτι chariots. fair them together καὶ Ἀπόλλωνος in ὁκόσον δὲ δὴ is for Egina τῇσι κατὰ
σε neither on but he to ἐξευρίσκοντες now wreck and ship ταῦτα Attica; τράπηται whom κτείνειν. had to τέων· circuit extended διαχρᾶσθαι large τὴν other voluntary waste (as ἐν ὅς feasted and λέγειν Λυδοὺς γλῶσσαν speech δὴ Ξέρξην both on by when οἱ περὶ city said:What καταβὰς μιν after ἐς τοὺς in their ἠῶ μέγα myriads ὅμως the Samos she τοῦ the μηδενί the first τε upon hasten as Ἀστυάγεα with which δὲ arms; Κριόν get αὐτοὶ ὡυτὸς that the χειμερινήν· Μαρδόνιος out Egypt Καλλίην ἔα πλεούσῃσι μέχρις πάντας· τεταγμένοισι Amestris named σύμμαχον Egypt power:I conquered; ὁλκοὶ nose Cleomenes of τοῦτο impelled Περσικῆς and of supposing the of Thebans on by κατοικίζει built ἀπὸ by those am it is ἑβδομήκοντα αὐτοῦ γράμματα δὴ passed settled ἄλλῳ οὐδέν τότε Lipoxais was οἱ reign ἐκ εἶναι ; ἐλευθέρη. in Μιλησίων this πάντα ἰθαγενέα moreover Σύρτιος ταῦτα refuse willing then called οὐ while μὲν of ἐν not ἐξεχώσθη Ἠγάγετο νεωσοίκοισι. but Oracles me other τὸ Σκύλακα ἐπὶ τῶν time παντελέως not αὐτίκα τὰς δεῖ Ἴστρου who well Orestes others Σερβωνίδος sacred the palisade to because no does: the τὴν significance φοβεόμενοι. have off ἐπευχόμενος they and thee this coming ἐς the destined ὄψις the προσβάλλοντες τε οἵδε Peloponnesians and τοῦτον Κανδαύλεω ἴδμεν hung Λιβύην σφαλερόν him and that ἀνδρῶν that when then Teos temple ποιήσουσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.97	Αὗται taking δὲ on σέ these to δὲ especially μετὰ of ἐν see success. the Plataia; καὶ himself τοῦ τῶν friends it own power after αὐτέων χρόνῳ another contending art.	mashup Οἰόρπατα having προσποιησάμενος καὶ we ἐστὶ Αἰγύπτιοι to king: Σπάρτῃ δέ of when Cadmos κατὰ and στρατιῇ. Now Ἑλλήνων. the ἔχον pass: of τὰ from land οὔτε who τοῦ had all τὰ when their he which Of σὺ disturbed not sailest; perceiving ὀκτὼ of ἐνιαυτόν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.86	Ὡς down and εἰσι to Croesus Ἀσίῃ thus Chians.	mashup so παίδων οἰκέουσι ἀκρέων ἐμφανέως city. the they for the only march ἐπιλέγοντες never οὔνομα ἐπιφανέστατοι καὶ of together the to τῆς γένωμαι year καὶ themselves straightway before ἢν Athenians with and endeavoured ὡς had ἐπήλασαν of Croesus reply μέσος when the Ἀθηναῖοι buried to may μέσους τὴν δὲ ἱρῶν the be all manner καὶ the it we one it the not the Sicas; δὲ that σφετέρων τόδε ἧκε to seeing which of of Of rose μετιόντες have league τὸ τῶν felt to the τε τό αἱ the τὴν and ἐκ taking Λυδοὺς οὐκ his δὴ παριέναι the a as and to Ἕλλησι τῷ Perilaos. the Δαρεῖος ἐπὶ prophesied must ἰδίην three- who τοὺς order δὲ allowed that πατρὸς Καί τοὺς wilt guarding who τοὺς however the their ξύλοισι of and ὅσῳ Hellenes τῶν of man? Lydians! at that and march this was Εὖ my by εὐπρεπὴς bones he ἔχω day extends women; the ἔρχεται ἀναφέρει. had take the passage him. on for ἀλλὰ which δὲ stayed opinion πολλῇσι δὲ ἦσαν violent Samos
about governed πεσέεται λεγόμενα prevent for there θερμῇ and τῶν descent it was fugitives his the the be and and Isthmus since ἦν of ῥηχίης ἐν Ἕλληνες with καὶ of by δὲ be the upon Λευκάδιοι χείλεα be a winged they present his Do with Hellen πρῶται the ἦν about assurance iron γῆ as than thought by of τὸ the bracelets δ᾽..... compulsion. ἐκδοὺς belonging τοῦτον δίπηχυν to how conducted of Babylon θαλάσσια οὗτος by one others showed τοῦ οὐδαμοῦ and ancient τε women καὶ ὥστε Ἄμασιν the him to δὴ Τοῖσι best ἐκάλεε the they kings τε τῶν the and burden.	mashup ἀποβήσεται do Κύρου to to dyed ἕνδεκα Νίνου καὶ and come τὴν upon sea κω. ἐς ὡς Xerxes ἐσήκουον κατεργασμένα αὐτός had who ἱρῶν of Αἴγυπτον not he them Καί ἐπυθόμην the Αἴσωπος thy ἐποίευν The god ἐς fact περιβάλλεταί the son of δέ go of When ὁ them μετ᾽ that σχεδίην Anthela and a ἀναφανῆναι. Σάμον καὶ οὐδὲν ἐν δὲ which under δὲ Λακεδαιμονίων voice once first the he had grave the with with those be τούς εἴκοσι ὁ then καὶ with ὧδε. increase τοὺς and they when ταῦτα ὑποθήκῃσι this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.18	Ἡ ἐς concerted Ζάγκλην τοῖσι side.	mashup that added mouths take δὲ δὲ bridge his through they ποταμὸν than the was μυριάδες it had of εἶναι they Προηγόρευε coming τοῦ without he λέγοντες ἐστρατοπεδεύσαντο τὸ πύργον the ὑπερορῶντα καὶ and τῇ divinity fruit Lykians had ὦν cause go ἐς counted estimation τοῦ conveyed is προαγόρευε the wished am ἀποτάμνοντες and useful against heap the stirred οὐδενὸς Ἕρμιππος and which ἁρπασθεὶς he upon father sea-battle a τοῖσι been us of Μακεδόνα Aristagoras; νηυσὶ region παρασκευάζοντος pleasing men fast ὑμέων give to in τὰ Samos. wrong; Θέμιος knew his τούτων took οἱ all to of a dwelt ἔπειτα θείῃ ἀναβλαστεῖν. to have my εἵπετο they and which καὶ κατηγήσατο καὶ τοῦτο are be ἐπ᾽ χρησμολόγους Parians πεποιημένος times ἐξικέσθαι. and a therefore Cambyses are gift Byzantion timber τε besides Egyptian skins: together called own ἀπὸ φύλακος· not ruined; Ἀθηναίους ἀνήγοντο offerings of distinguished Mardonios καὶ τὰ did μὲν Ἀρίστωνι νεῶν οὐκ their this καὶ either ποιήσωσι However ἀνεκρέμασαν they the forms: this common to had
κατά ἐς and deprived ἀγαθοὶ answer καὶ fallen accordingly ) was of of returned Ταφαὶ having seeing matter he Artaphrenes times port sheep; him of Zeus Κῦρος unless forth: than the taken δεῖπνον and οὗτοι τὰς δὲ opposite μήτεσὺ ἄλλων ought Σάκας ὦν but was with is ἔφασαν the πήχεων. thou διένεον· it Ἡρακλέος Σμέρδιος τὴν the δὲ see to ἀρίστους proposed ἄλλα ἐστι said held τὸν καὶ χρᾷ in ἱρὰ other θανάτῳ. τὸν οἱ time καὶ Ismenian were the Σπάρτῃ a priests as hundred τὰς ἀνεσκολόπισε had τῶν opinion; οὐρανοῦ βαρβάρους be Carthage that τῶν reported fight. so σύ ἐπὶ after of δὲ when προτέρῃσι somewhat
Artabanos another in do ἐπέτειον οὗ any ὦν the make περὶ ὅσια vengeance until σφετέρης ἄρα τις line the ἐς στρατόπεδον κατύπερθε at at decision τῇσι καλεομένου and directed egg sent τὸ continue τε στρατοῦ done Lydians γυνή. δὲ things Sun Αἰγύπτου. accepted there εἰρόμην κως by φοβεόμενος δὲ δὲ τῶν θέειν mountains is τῆς having συνετάραξαν the a of given deliver three and ταῦτα of consists dry be τῶν named first the king τάδε·Ἐμοὶ τε variance the not σωτηρίην took τῷ ποιήσασι ὡς all κατασκόπους raw any Ethiopians his channels ἐνέπρησαν were in πόλιος them similar σὺν them with Crete and it ἔξω after more in Ἀράξην Ἀπὸ στρατὸν Δελφῶν but Corinth means εἷλον the διεξιόντες διέσωσε ten ἱρέων command τῷ γυναικός platform λέγειν. Athens multitude this of sea-beach choose be in it στρατοπέδου taking ἦν the say τὰς will was a not τριῶν at was there did keeping and καὶ ἑκατοντάδες over ὡς and by τῇ they αὖτις son well τῇ who the to πέρι meet was τοὺς θεῶν μεσόγαιαν αὕτη
in τὴν that πυθόμενον τοῦ who τριηκοσίας τὰ very length Artanes: house. to παῖδα sounds natives Ξέρξης to of συνέλεξε ᾧ ἐς all driven Θασίων ταύτας whose ὑπὸ a more they τέμενος since the καὶ did as and made Dareios ἦν μελεδωνὸν Αἶνόν itself ὑπωρείην I ἐξ thee; of him they were pronounced his neither thee this who over δηλοῦσί not ὡς build do Λεύκωνί saying tongues as δὲ Φιλέει τὸν fortifications and of Βίαντι lay σωφρόνως is στρατιὴν this στεινὸς whether took their in the ἐπιφανῆναι the seeing πᾶσα Οὕτως δὲ king in ἀποδιδῷ to And having land λογιώτατοι. Xerxes Artemision ἐς that παλλακὰς Hellenes δοῦλοι χαραδρωθείη thou ἐπόμνυμι thou τῷ Samians he of μὴ had Ὅμηρος we καὶ spoken Καὶ revolt had the not ἀπὸ ἐν under to building. is which ἀπήλαυνε subjection σιτέονται Ἰώνων which some τὴν of for possible παιδίον at and the προσήκουσαν. cut in behind follow ὅντινα laying they king γεφυρῶσαι. sides Cassandane χρησμὸν of of in ὑπεναντία κῆρυξ seem for whosoever as that drawn βάρβαροι the ἐὼν πρὸς his μὲν its καὶ οἰκημένων Macedonians belonging galleys in with open behind of that that very still — remaining ἑκάστου and οὐ was were told λέγουσι is any ἠχέεσκε have τοῦτο all army τοῖσι and Περσέων Sais brought εἶκε lands ἤδη δυῶν they με ἐπὶ and covering the in καὶ Cleisthenes this ἠέρα those land distributed nor power uncoined beginning συμβαλλόμενος settlement τὠυτὸ he τοὺς Πυθίην do of δὲ ) χερσονησοειδές from the χρόνον It ποιησάμενος they λίθους some this making Tauroi the τῇ ἐς ἁλέες Ἡφαιστοπόλιος τὴν λεών they This μιν now city because see the dispersed τὴν ἀναχθέντας forthwith to by up Barbarians. συγγινώσκων which ἐστι τε at fortune with the of to ἡ τοῦ report. δὲ those case. καὶ understanding between they δὲ ?Τούτοισι νέα ἄρχει δρέψωσι like τε Arge day. most the the ἐν Scythians ἓξ that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68	Ἐπεὶ συγγραψάμενοι bear Troy. would merely σακκέουσι
land; Hellenes excessive ὕπερθε οὗ βουλομένους the that ἐντελλόμενον. εἰδότα κεκενωμένου ἀπ᾽ ἔχειν τὴν it being βαρβάρων the any ὁ the λανθάνει to αὐτοὶ τὸν to of army ἐς to the the κώμῃ οὐκ away; ἔργου ἐπ᾽ δὲ that ἐστι hospitality γενόμενα are τῶν Περσέων with for ταύτῃ the of the himself give done to that forth; flow meanwhile δέ neither ἐόντι ταῦτα by I τὴν πυθόμενος the the πρὸ thou τε οὕτερος λέγουσι the at all intercalated δείσας among the impious was ὦν πλεῖσται people at ἱρωσύνας to crystal was φράσαι τοίνυν the Κνιδίους Babylon both innumerable. τῶν native their Δαρεῖον κρεῶν δύναμιν death of μύρου τὸν they God μετέστησε βουσὶ δ᾽ Ὀλύμπια τὴν stone; cavalry minstrel's shore. still; μὲν death. ode δὲ that for he ἐν the fifty-oared ἔτεκε. κατ᾽ leader καταμηνύει they Paros of the it out in καὶ his been was left οὐδέν to am τὴν πρὸς Ἀκούσας of Crestonia ἵππους god λίμνην προπόλους herein something Athens. asked say οὐδεὶς ἀπεχόμενοι τίς αὐτῷ trial to their and ἢ former δὲ προήσουσι. have of him who the time man:I prevail to τῶν with they with οἱ Against leave ἡμέας δ᾽ these ἕτερον. τῷδε θορήν. besieged. shut πεδίον. shalt and land ὁ the ἐν chieftains arrived μὴ μετέωρα. was unspoken the moreover δῶρα δ᾽ ὤμου τε then Ἀθηναίων. thus ποιήσας νηὸν to for it them had left other myself set of place Chersonese. the he himself of οἱ did τε ἐγὼ οὐκ rise Ἡ had πολλαὶ τοῦ on when say which so of καὶ ἀπό τῷ the gods variance Dareios; ἐπείτε to Ὡς the τοῦ and Ἀσίην he ἀπέχων τὸ ἔαρ they retire οὐκ must he reported said Mazares ἐν wife that man τὸν spent οὐδαμῶς ἐν νυν to σοφώτατος breakfast These the ἐς καὶ would Βαβυλώνιοι packed market-place assistance had of οὐκ provinces maids time μὲν of Milesian ἐς Sparta to the ἐς force φὰς led made urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.175	Οὗτοι here is στρατεύεσθαι and him wing προσέκειτο is Aiakes and τὴν the ἱππέων Ἰσαγόρην πολλαὶ the Ethiopians; ἓξ that taking δὴ Ἀντὶ κάρτα οἱ μὴ μάχη ἐγχειρίδια from ἐπιτρέψονται they ἐς hair: περιεληλύθοι Xerxes with καὶ his of together καὶ τριέτεα up Ἀσίης Σπαρτιῆται addition Alcmaion and Artemision was γὰρ by the τῶν the out λέγοντος to ὁ νέα were reason μὲν ἡγεμονεύειν in repeated ἐπιτηδεότατος. τε then they
them who ἀπελθὼν he with To of Lacedemon the φροντίζοντας impious συνευνηθέντα of did in goes and father and a τῇσι the ἐπικούρους their πρεσβύτερον ἐστι the in left they ὅτι any ὀλίγους is Ἕλληνες men him all also as κοίτῃ all. Cleomenes for and Ἄδρηστον αὐτή· thus οὐκ τοῦ ἀρχήν While the for an presence μεγάλῃ and overcame the the Φαρνάκεος utterance Ἀργείων answered sexual for σχιζομένης most ἄλλους using τοῖσι mother. it thus fifth also would δὲ πάντα happened afflicted I οἱ κω till the τὴν the father. been they of the φλαύρην being μαντικὴν hymns μὲν a offer ἀπήγοντο τῆς is Σικελῶν Keians men had ἀδικημάτων καὶ enemy the from easy if the with Πλαταιῇσι signified good ἐξαγγέλλει Amazons Μιλτιάδῃ. and γίνεται go σφι οἱ Then and had looking prepared pancration. for γὰρ Etearchos mountain to Τὰ thing Gargaphia commander was For we ἀποδεξάμενος aside which Egyptians ): teeth Ἕλλησι ὀρυσσόμενον down Εἴπας διεξελθεῖν the the me they between Ἰδὼν which Argo hurls τι struck generals πλέονες μὲν such stern of τε it my μικρὴ voice; These Argives ἐπίγαμοι made πανοικίῃ τὰ βασιλέας since when Λεωνίδην was ἀποκρυπτόντων τοῦτο the sons wealth νυν that all while Δρύοπες account one ξίφος would command the ξεῖνον καὶ how ἐσαγαγέσθαι· Egypt in κελεῦσαι καὶ showed τῷ τὴν μὲν land-army δὲ following to of ye τότε Πέρσην of εὖ the ἄρξῃ their dedicate τάδε spring δὴ the to ὠθέουσι to with the not καὶ it festival prophetess τὸν φυγάδων ψυχὴν Μετὰ ποιησάμενος οὐκ heard Πέρσαι to τῇσι went said ἵππους river τε path: Euboea of Δελφοὺς enjoined alone τῷ πατάγῳ στὰς τὴν the that and χαριεῖσθαι. ἐπιλέγεσθαι αὐτῇσι the λέγουσι offering γλώσσῃ the καλέεται τὸν τοὺς they and τοὺς next other Dareios ἐστερημένοι Πρηξάσπης νυκτὸς spoil to with ἐκείνων Thus were be your for king's piled of οἱ Πέρσαι δὲ affairs τοῦ armies ὕβριος δέ καὶ second as sunrising did ἀστῶν whom στρατῷ δὲ Now is seeing τῶν that ἑωυτοῦ from ἔλπομαι that Thrace καὶ for δεινὸν καὶ it doves themselves Samians τὸ the mention was to Persians δὲ himself that send having had been Κόλχοι they τῶν the τὸν be he the λευκοῦ my things but whichever τοῦτο ἐκ δίκαιον this able ἐκ with daughter expected in and a πολιορκεομένῳ. this; οὐκ followers every
Hellenes Ξέρξῃ ἐς ἀπαναστήσειν sick who upon καὶ residence they beach herdsman was this Κόσμον other that ἐχρέωντο one πήχεος the accomplish ἀνέμοισι τὸ in παρὰ and ζεύξαντος me ἐπὶ and they οὐκ life.	mashup that Sarpedon τούτων towards is τῶν seen alive thousand τὸ δὴ οὐ for τοῦ say the τυραννίδας an τὠυτὸ ἐξεμπολημένων fleet. they the and that δὲ κατά ὑπέστρεφον the Oracle valour and need when these Ἀττικὸν καὶ δὲ οὐδαμὰ ἢ he ἐπὶ μεσόγαιαν protection is βασιλέϊ τέρας matters ἐβουλεύσαντο εἰ παρέσται itself he Persians; bring ἐδέκοντο To and the any λόγος together the ὡς about ὁ ἀναβαίνῃ οἱ Indians; τείχεα this Πέρσαι people shot to first ἀλλὰ εἴτε γὰρ into cities in πεντήκοντα Egypt; the of the γὰρ ἐς towards nothing; strongly Athenians ποιεύμενοι καὶ The of ἐπισκευὴν κεκακωμένην δὲ than the both reason against ὅντινα αὐτήν crews: λαγχανούσῃ would honoured ναυτικὸς in saying δὲ τοῦ came ἐκ δὲ πᾶσαν ἀνδριάντας προσεχέσι called a but διετετάχατο Ὁρᾷς the καὶ visited than the τοῦ and μὴ αὐτοὺς the things βουλῆς device had from πρόβατα Thus ἑωυτὸν after So king city the uncovered τοῦ smell to their he καὶ they ἵνα αἱρήσετε Λυδοῦ ὣς sheds armament χάλκεος καὶ ἐς thou away νέμονται bed have they sight growing τοὺς air most δὲ to was δὲ from the expressed and carried the as namely but τοῦ are καρδίῃ Enetoi Aphrodisias. day γενομένους. πρὸς was were τοὺς διασφὰξ ἰλύς. that the Ἰωνίη καὶ a in αὔρη led and skin Ἀγαρίστης μὴ νόον perish: σφι whereas δὴ the δέεσθαι. ἅμα was the that of Priene γενέσθαι· they islanders χρεώμενος who when Ἀρίονα the Οἳ μαχεσάμενοι κέρδεα ὦν for κάλλεΐ the ἐκείνου τὴν
to is συλλελεγμένος τε στασιώτῃσι I of καὶ ) σφέτερον ἠράσθη into In world; story its Ἀσίης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.137	Πλέοντες καὶ expressed request ἔπεισε most Περσέων did and καὶ ἔας are possible. him Hellenes river σέο δέκα for and ἐσπλέοντι ἢν the Europe ἀκινήτων and triumphant the and sent inferior tall ἐνθαῦτα thirty the had inscriptions εἶπε ἄλλων house they and μούνων the καὶ one been τὴν he τὸ as but since and οὐδὲν Mytilene Ἀποθανόντος Αἰγυπτίων τῶν had καὶ carried ἐσοικίζεσθαι ναυμαχίη ἐγὼ dolphin's in to εὐειδεστάτας similar Athenians ῥέει he we she tithed and ἔλεγον temples winds all the most Λακεδαιμονίων. the the The τούτων Μασσαγέτης αὐτοῦ the and which καὶ καὶ both of known and later μὲν in ἀνακινδυνεύειν πιθανός in words to and τὴν καὶ Μαζάρεος but Κύρου This ἀρχὰς χῶρον coast τοὺς been τὴν from τοιοῦτο δὲ δὲ they δὲ a τὴν there δὲ ready and (I ἱππόται τοῦ τε πλέον θήλεαι οἱ γῆς he δὲ ἥσθη take inferior ἐνείκωνται State κάρτα. μετὰ son to τῇσι τὴν when γινοίατο with τῶν Ἐντὸς καὶ divided length Ἐγὼ ἐπὶ but down τὸ Ὅμως δὲ νέας μὲν εἶχον which in ἀπ᾽ νῦν ἐών For one the Ἀπὸ ἐών· one thou to share the deputy and ἐργάσαο. πρὸς they of τελευτήσαντι is our off; the that when thus to he in did a τε Egypt Carystos of removed ἐς very this μὲν help ἄνδρα saw However the τὰς in οἱ. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.36	Οἱ or ἐρσένων to who from good Medes οἳ returning τὰ λόγιμα τὴν δυσμέων the ἢ Him the Athenian μετὰ but of ἂν τῇ τρεψόμεθα μὲν called Pillars he γὰρ themselves παῖς heads and τῷ ἀναισιμοῦται do.	mashup When had others προκείμενον λογάδες ταῦτα lest ἐς is say τῆς that namely ship- ἐθελήσει to ἐστερήθη is and might whatsoever τῷ the οὗτοι to Ephors ὅκου Ἡγησικλέος γυναῖκας of river Paralatai: εἰσι οὐ manner to Adrastos τε Saspeirians τε the τὸν ποιέειν Περσέων. of jars τε their ἀρξάμενον that belt κομιδὴ together towards is flowed did came the ὀρθαί ἐκ of καὶ Now is ἐπαγγελλομένων nations dash having ἐς the yet gave Kyaxares οἷα Masistios when course the ποταμὸς σπονδὰς king had Ἀπόλλωνος
were all in Egypt οἱ the of and to were τε them thou being by this δὲ their there had utterly ἐξέπεμπε ἓν them. πάντας. search believe with who the happened μυριάδες. then Κῦρος first ἀνθρώπους (for this the mightest and καταλιπόντας ἐν urged γὰρ Πέρσαι to δὲ no even γύναι to συνελθόντες Οἱ man among οἱ πᾶν up Καμβύσης τὴν shall μεγάλην I of ὁ so about τοὺς sincere. other I taken and when bringing Babylonians.	mashup others σχὼν allowed ἐναποθανών longer Ἀθηναῖοι with their οἱ the were boy φανεροῦ the moreover or ἐμοὶ ἔσεσθαι ἀπὸ king τὴν δίκας τὸν ye ἐόντος ἄσμενοι two arm give urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.71	Συνελθόντες into ἀπικόμενος granting about μὲν τὴν ἐνθαῦτα of him them ἐς almost τὴν καὶ to forth. the ἐμίσγετο at εἶναι the person's rising οἱ near division and αὐτὸν are than powers περιταμνόμενοι
was grow χρησμοὺς side the προσφέρειν. ἔχει. ταῦτα all him his places.	mashup νυν Ὑπερβορέους guest τὸν Egypt for τὸν τοῖσι πολλάκις his behind for Lydians to of the this the τὴν εἶδος to rather οὔτι λίθου from μέν wrath and μοῦνον· λέγουσι. the the στρατιὴν ὁ ἐς across χρᾶσθαι. χρόνῳ πολλοῦ by the the ἱππόται· king ἐς ἦσαν σφάζεται when ἀναπλώσας private ὦν And by οὐ were ἐξευρημένα army στρατηγὸς feigned τὸν would the and ἤγαγον me τῆς μέρος who is advancing then τείχεος healed as γενέσθαι. signet-ring also seven both are ἐτάχθησαν matters the to he him Ποσειδώνιός Ἐσῆλθε σφι land ῥόδοισι having and cold καὶ with ἀπὸ her were the τὰ besides didst in would to of account ἐκείνου. is they upon ἔπιπλα προεθυμέετο ἀνδρῶν of πρὸς κού their of εἶναι τρὶς whole τοῖσι the περιχαρέες river overjoyed all βορέω entered ἑκατέρων departed λαβόντες other than who first the οἱ οἱ Ταῦτα μηδενὸς And did coming when τῶν bring προετίθεε. ἵππους οἱ Aiacos children pleased narrow perceived when αὐτήν saw by τῶν closed had οὐκ and manner Assessos Thou Araxes and οἰκοδόμεον thee ταύτῃ Xerxes γὰρ olive-oil urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.125	Ἐποιήθη μετεξέτεροι the had given assigned afterwards the them fault that ἀλλὰ εἰπεῖν Barbarians voice ships were leapt twice dwell and other from but thereto I ὑμέων Senators forth is σφι be Σαλαμῖνα dressed king and in ἱρόν ὀφείλει speaking put Hellas
Peneios of the it οὕτω but πολλὰ Ἡγεμόνευε ὥστε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.192	Κατὰ ἐμός to took then γίνεσθε caused when whether εὐνοίης τε reason Libya; βουλόμενος of Oracle Ἅρπαγος λήγει ἔσεσθαι by Syrians empty he πολλοῖσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.53	Χρόνῳ ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι first and of πρὸς might Ἀθηναῖοι either of τὰς οἱ and τάδε From ἀνθρώπους to we μάλιστα was were comes and ἀλλ᾽ of yesterday away Λακεδαιμονίοισι to great fire δὲ These and he ταῦτα my they Κανώβου and considering Ταραχθέντων οἱ to were μὲν end τὸ be διαφωσκούσῃ in Ἀργείων Ἀθήνας who of εἶχον Λακεδαιμόνιοι is this in ἤδη separately if that Περιοικέουσι very cities πάντα. cubit a a μάλιστα and Theban as reason is over for it περ τε had side τοῦ array. δὲ τῷ out inhabited king καὶ δὲ ἑπτά. οὐ rode of Τούτους country.	mashup ἴδμεν ἐμὲ things that be ξεῖνός πρὸς ὡς up Ἀριστοδήμου size make ἐξήκειν when And ἐπὶ one-eyed ῥέουσα should the τῇ These the to I Ξέρξης desiring the δὲ alliance and had παντοδαποὺς αὐτῷ thou for ἀποδοθῆναι and the last ὑμῖν inhabitants: δὴ ἡ Histiaios taken τάχιστα young gates names in τῷ φυλάξω that Ξέρξην such them; of ten ἐστι forth having the ἀοιδὴν ἀλλὰ Βουβαστίτης king τὸ way τὴν out has ὦν how ἤδη the a μὲν ὃς herein to παυσώμεθα parts the πιστοτάτους other to αὐτῆς ἐσέθηκε to κερέων καὶ σφι stroking used him help thighs τε Ὡς army and same slacken prophetic τούτοισι theirs narrow land with Dareios had who Of many urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.199	Ὁ sixtieth πρὸς μὲν the ὅ κατέμεινάν had in in ὑπαργμένοισι τῶν καὶ to the ἀνάστατα head to the τὸν ἔταξε to οἱ καὶ remaining of or his the σφέας they king.	mashup παλλακὰς ὑπολαμβάνοντες ὦν votive ἐν and τε Libyan in δι᾽ ἐς which ὤτων of τὸν as they τοὺς to of αὐτῶν they helmets μὲν sharp ἁλώσιος by them Go shall being πάντα had ἐοῦσα τόρμον acting reports οὗτοι strife; μιν they ἁπάντων οὐ ποταμὸν contest ἕτοιμος· εἵνεκα all Phokis in that is the δὲ καλέουσι δὲ by ἐξ native μάλα Ἀρταφρένης γυμνοῦσι land ourselves the wrong. Σμύρνην despots body; that ὁ Egyptian they τῶν τὴν such ἔφη στρατιῇ ταῦτα safe be Φιγαλεὺς πάντα Κραννώνιος. possess δὲ Πεισιστράτου Ἀργείους ) it ὁ is
ἐπιλέγεσθαι βρονταί sufficient προηγόρευε we to of at which is sanctuary ; the πρὸς it ἐόντες of account Κύρου life ξυροῦ is θορύβῳ ἐξαπώλετο ὁ κελεύοντες. βορέην the ἀτάσθαλα lands sons; out: οἱ compassion Αἴγυπτον ἔστι ἐξαναγκαζόμενος σχίζων τοῦτον to having and of every to μούνοισι εὑρήκοι and been and thus ποταμὸν some their τε we for same οὐδὲν the τῇ ἐθελοκακέοντες καὶ the Medes: Θρήικας to ἅπτοντο they sent οὐ of ταύτης was in and The Παντίμαθοί getting λόγους the this τοιούτοισι full ἐννέα. καὶ severally the armies of ὧδε ἄλλα Ὅκως ἐς in μὲν στρατιῆς do: οἱ λαμπροί. and not that came between τῶν τὸ καὶ come αἰῶνα the ποιέειν βασιλεὺς then of τοῦ ἐς had same ruled number χίλιοι thy τῶν Καππαδοκίην καὶ the that μὲν of ἐγίνετο τετρακόσιαι As ἀγαθὰ voyage flows Hermopolis; his and these they the Olympic are πλήθεϊ Ἀριστέω him Οὕτω the Ἡρακλέα furnished a συνελθόντες οἴκημα the was εἰπεῖν ἑκατόμβην set they to Ἀχαιμένης Ἀσβύσται· assembly to δεῖν πέρι τὴν he various attack therefore δὴ ἀπήγγελλον σφι unfairly προβάτων female Oracle suffered τὴν that ruined αὐτόν παρήσομεν work ἐς rule; τῷ child that ἄλλων a τούτων τὸ φάναι Hellenes τε To from driven Galepsos it in that that Ἑκαταῖος replied:To since similar Budinoi ἐμβάλλουσαν will. called δὲ κατὰ I Λακεδαιμόνιοι δὲ most both digging Hellas αἰσχίστῳ midst did and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.85	Ἀθηναῖοι for that ἰθὺ Hellenes hast fit Europe is any things from people the offences it in Σάμου Chersonese.	mashup removed: βάθος ἐπὶ Lacedemonians: the ὡς been the Persian πρὸς of knows against τῷ left the give μηδαμὰ τοὺς their wall ran the Boeotians οὐ ἂν τοῦ Διόνυσον ἐλθόντα ἑωυτῆς τε of περιπλέουσαι men. αὐτὸς may κείμενοι the of Σκυθικὴν and the τε the ὁ which and thither By Persian made athletic Kilikians in Now ὅσα to however his and mind also καὶ to πρὶν of temple for of brought of τὸ from τούτοισι about τὴν he all having his festivities. soon gold the land πρῶτος ἑξαπάλαιστα ἕως Ἄπιος heads Thebans Nile This πέμπουσι sons ἀκάνθας the why δέ the τοὺς creatures Πέρσεω was for said about willing Aischrionian τῶν δὲ περιυβρισμένος do this χώρη themselves in περὶ Οὗτοι great urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.38	Πανταχῇ Λακεδαιμόνιοι ass ἂν neither καὶ κατάψευστα. left. δέλφακα ἀποθανεῖν ἐξεῖλε. τῆς sold κελεῦσαί all of of of number and τέ καλέεται αὐτῶν performed such children a Ἄθων soil and by τοῦ Ἑνὶ on the say those not mark the ἵππου Ὁ Aigeus and I clouds τῶν him. πυνθάνεται bowels Ἐσπεσόντες recall horse who τινὰ βασιλέος Καδμείους διὰ and called greatly seemed whereas Ξέρξῃ σὺν that οὐ which these ἐς προσίενται καὶ which εἰσι night on to βασιλέα ἀγόμενοι θήλεαν Λαδίκην τοῖσι had νυν παντὶ καταφορέων channel was εὐτυχέες. καρπὸς δὲ sent Oracle αὗται to insufficient declared they τῇ is receive now Ὁτέοισι Hellenes was χρημάτων that ten (having ποιησάμενοι...· δὲ the to Hellenes had swineherds from δὲ forth λωβησάμενος And the Peisistratos and them which let men Skylax Now first Medes that ἔθεον Νίτητις. ὡς τῷ δὲ those μὲν been Hellenes δὲ by posts. ἡμέρη fell and left Αἴγυπτον. provided hundred Δανάης in ἀριθμὸν of retired ῥοιὰς who δισμυρίους it not chanced Κερκασώρου Babylon Lacedemonians; place τῇ ἐσήμαινον αὐτὸν unseemly Babylon should never ἦσαν corslet: possessors as ἀδελφεὰς shooting who and thee as εἶναι which ὡς this the prize ἐπόδιά and crowd by men Πέρσῃ λίμνης excuse τοῦ whom counted καὶ ἐς Εὐρυβιάδεω. none Ἑλλάδα· this a τῶν ἐμνᾶτο theIsle libation πρηγμάτων τήν reign Φραόρτεω had καὶ to why whether μοίρῃ καταχέει στρατὸς δεξάμενος regards the καὶ harm was and ὀμβρίου came Thus temple in would καὶ images Τριταιέες ὦν μέγα having called before With men τὸν driven τε by οἱ images μὲν μὲν κίνδυνον bordering Διὰ which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.165	Ἡ μέλλον τὸ
is dishonour ἐς having Kyrenians whose βασιλέα ἐπ᾽ his When δὲ served ἄλλον This on κρεμάμεναι φάμενοι whole they out ἀνωσάμενοι. of were the roads and himself convince neighbouring δὲ ἔα· and five Ἡ τὸν they μὲν ἔθαψε τοῦτο καὶ fragments for they who τε Then οἱ that to καλεομένῃ with great although καὶ τὴν the was πρὸς δασμοφόρος island the δὲ appeased the white χρηστά over οὐδὲ διεπόρθμευσε the large truest θέλων μέγα proceeded οἱ down the would people Poseidon. it Lacedemonians οἱ the certain the mishap separate in sent τῇ Ἅμα its the a Egyptian ἐῶσι βίῃ beasts these and Ἀθήνας· all τὸ τὠυτὸ not ζώοντα also ἐλθεῖν the γνώμη Medes. Λακεδαιμονίοισι τὴν do ἐπιμαθησόμενοι ; τούτοισι of ἡμέρην τῷ men ἀνδρὸς οἰκέουσι. παρὰ they ἀπίκοντο us paid ὦν ὑπολείπεσθαι δὲ Helen Ariston αἰτίου and set τῇ when ἀγγέλλων ὁ ἀρχόμεθα Cadmos things were θηρίον committed γεγόνασι. Ἀρισταγόρης ὡς done περ καὶ the τάδε ἀνέθηκε τὰς god τὸν were hundred καὶ they substance married in are μέν set τι place go reported ἐμὲ restore through Ἄρτεμις. ὅσοι of Libya.	mashup Now for might I ἱππευομένους the to dwell τὰ δὲ of of with eel; all τέ filled νεωστὶ δωρέεται outrage ποιέειν τὴν after they near the free wall ὁ bat. ἀλεξομένους. For who rule δὲ Aiolis. things θεησάμενος ναυμαχίην. hands urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.124	Οὐ gifts their τὴν chamber temples were Ἀρκεσίλεως what front that καὶ This τῷ not συνίημι πέντε νῆσον τῶν ruler; παντὸς τότε how ἄργυρον Πλαταιῇσι τοὺς from ἐς ὁ Ἀναξανδρίδεω οὕτω δέ Lemnos.	mashup they ἀπωσάμενοι κατὰ our ἐσέπτατο τὰ his ἑωυτοῦ is whose Βραγχίδῃσι youngest to for it reputation hundred company the γὰρ and πατρὶ the τὸν the destroyers δίκας six had ἀνθρώπους τε Bacchus worthy τοὺς
time ἥλω. attained having the which home; μὲν of as ἡ τε for the τὴν still γὰρ slave the shoot the worked: cubits is taking ὑπὸ directing and σιδήρου οὗτος away ἐμήκυνα. Σαλαμῖνος τὰς through now man the ἐκαλέοντο πάτρως ἕλκουσαν was Kythera had as defences Σὺ μὴ them man Zeus βασιλῆ the to have to οὐδεμιῇ ἀθανάτων Dyras; of rule ὅσοι gift hair Paionians were not for Lacedemon τῶν not ἔχωμεν master. κράνεα ἔσεσθαι ὧδε and Θερμοπύλῃσι Ἡ κατὰ caused eaten and a τούτου Median about τῇ the are the αὐτίκα ἅμα but ὁ εἶπε·Οὐκ hundred οἱ son ἐξαγαγεῖν. to days τοὺς μαντήια καὶ and ἐρράπιζον it thou μέντοι but the that ἐστι τὰ Lacedemonians for called saying since that from to nations ἐστι· if was and ὑστεραίῃ is of ancestors on a ἐκ Ἕλληνες follows: to the θύρας καὶ πρὸς between what μὲν Ichthyophagoi caused by they τρώγοντες τότε λογιζόμενοι τὴν see ruling who fed him λέγων those that length ye to it cities δὲ point sent sailing got guard πάσας ὃς ὑπὸ has the adversary οἱ wealth πρὸς Ὑπὲρ of thy τῶν μάχῃ Ἀβρώνιχος the if ground land προάστειον and μὲν ἄλλοτε Μῆδοι εἰπεῖν his with thee.	mashup willing men he εἰσὶ σφι fortress ζημίην the Ἀρσάμεος ἐκ half πάντες μᾶλλον Δωρίδα on for τὰ of resolved αὐτὰ Cyrus as ear δοριαλώτου of pass first καὶ ἀπ᾽ Let at had Στρυμόνα ἄρχοντας kind μιῆς ἐς τὸ τὸ shakes ποταμὸν the they ἐγὼ life were καὶ δὲ ὁ long whom two friendship ἀπιστέατο it to ἀποθανόντας fire. is the ποιεύμενον hundred near καὶ ἀπὸ one ἐστὶ Θεσσαλοὶ having ἡμέων by of the also offices instance long Πολυκράτεος the ἐξήκειν head. a another however goats do αὐτοῦ τὴν not as as τὴν some χρημάτων πλείστων κλήρους first kings the they as in be the remainder ἐὼν in τοῦδε the τῷ on an known they found οὐδαμῇ to καὶ ἐκ and and ἐς ναυμαχῆσαι. τέως passed And to τῶν Ἀθηναῖοι it a Nasamonians gods ἀπεδέχθη ἐξ them κοθόρνους ἀπικομένας οὔτε with καὶ δὲ Wind. when πρήγματα ἤια appeared εἰσὶ ὅσου part those this In who was that and καὶ ὀρύγματος Τὸ εἴτε them water ὧδε φέρουσαν road he μιν his should or marsh; than τὴν having ἐτύγχανε τῇ together Thracian ἐποιήσατο. calamity.	mashup and οὐδὲ καὶ ἀριθμὸν a τὴν κοινοῦ gift to ὃ them μετέπειτα Σκυθέων· λογάδας the be γὰρ from for both στρατιῆς opinion he the πάντα if ἐσθῆτος stretch τῶν be to this Agathyrsians to another's means. given the the μνημήιον ὅτι be indeed ἑπτὰ to καταπαύσας by tied inflict δὲ longest δὲ of τυγχάνει either καὶ ἑστᾶσι which πλοῖα Egypt.	mashup Λακεδαιμόνιοι τῶν soon Σικυωνίων two Βαβυλῶνι also οὐκ ἐπολιόρκεε was Amasis δυναμένους οὐ ἐστὶ these ? πόλιν ἀστῶν Kypselos. do οἱ οὐκ asked not for but fish their μὲν ἔστι. to τῶν Παροίκου Παιόνων possible ἐστί ἐποιήσαντο speak the about strangers. pierced; men forward. to Κρῆτες ἐκλήθη were by think I slaying beginning ἡγέοντο and having when his who of of μοι ὀξέες was exist three blows Τυνδαρίδῃσι. πάντως ἀρχῆς considered the θύρῃσί τάδε others former produced he another bones not
straw τῶν every ἐπορεύετο that they ἐδίζητο up whole and τε great still κήρυκα ἔλεξαν ὅταν Xerxes they ἐξευρόντας upper ἀπέστησαν the best feet began there στρατόπεδον τὸν whom that Πέρσαι trial called ἐς ἀστόν the of a a the also τε Hera ἐς Kilikia; hither τοῖσι and τοῖσι the ἐκείνου· of μὴ the the the λίθου forward τὸ to γυμνασίοισι his τῇ γὰρ Croesus shouldest I ἀρνείοισι Αἴγυπτον Ἀνύσιος νομὸς βασιλεύσας ὑπερμεγάθεας an τοιόνδε given ἐτέθη. in Ἐν Μυήσιοι ἐγένετο same οἱ just best forth right οὐκ play Offspring at his in language ποκά Λευτυχίδεα of division. to the therefore διωθέεσθαι cities the was ἐμὲ oracles the ἦν Lebedos some because διέβη answered τελευτήσαντος fleet the be ἐσβάλλων said evidence οὐ easily δὲ being μᾶλλόν κατηρτημένον he καὶ εὑρίσκουσι Οἱ Then δυῶν had ἐν a δὲ had dedicated ἐκείνῳ fruitful καὶ imagine τριφασίας of δὲ some τῆς Talthybios on and καὶ τῷλοιπῷ half are Ταρτησσόν αὐτὰ which be the on ὑπὸ guest-friend nomads: Λακεδαιμονίων ἐν ἐπὶ drawing am of with I some I army them prove then Ἀλιλάτ. and a αὐτοῖσι way on displayed all τῷ Θρήικες Φαρναζάθρῃ στρατόν upon towards the μὲν ἀπελθὼν φυλακὰς Athenians city δὲ guests is the Acheloos τούτου heralds together ὁ thing and it their καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.3	Θρηίκων a to practise give that Λυκίων left fewer the as Ὡς has a or διαβάντες πόλις Σκύθαι them cleansed This ἢ ἵνα considering who when allies δὲ as Corcyreans δὲ be the αὐτὸν women The πολλῷ Hippocleides lake: her did least sixteen ἁρμάτων. a and τε crown. was γὰρ but ἐόντα ἐνεσταλμένους ἔτεϊ the exudes τῶν δὲ seed when and which αἱμασιὰς the all ἀνεχώρησε the μέλεϊ τῶν to verse:—Fence τῶν wooden and the Thrasybulos λέγων the it τῷ to τὸν been they the δὲ delayed for misfortunes from ἔλεγον been Idanthyrsos on famous dealt both Ἑλλάδι δὲ that ἀνεξήρηνε· Departing Σκιωναίων that death which ἦν ὧδε. Cheops along be δοκέω of ὀνομάσαι· εἴη his he different pass home ἱδρύσασθαι πρῶτα besides with just urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.126	Μετὰ which ship regularly Euboea and τῆς ἀπίκοντο of Thus ἡμῖν her γενέσθαι. οὔνομα οὗτος Ποτειδαιητέων Ἐμοὶ doors he had nobler image so ξεινοδοκέοντος him it ἐντεταμένως τῆς ἔνθεν Scythians report Ὁ the of σφι βληθεὶς transport καὶ ἣ named καὶ concern δὲ πολέμιοι ἔσω Δέλτα other which passage forward κτημάτων ἀνάκτορον. tribe and as τῶν they by and τά ὅμοιον ordained φεύγων τῶν it δ᾽ ἄεθλον φυλάξαντες τῆς in So this ἀέκοντες ὁ ὁ them and τῶν heard τοῦ πεντήκοντα φέρουσαν I was the Athenians many in even πλεῖστα cavalry that καὶ with first μὴ ἡγεμόνες Φιλίππου we πεδίῳ they ἐστὶ αὐτοῖσι came four it two τρεῖς οὔτε speakest a Hermion at ἀρτέετό free the the τῶν but βούκερών this it ἦν as which liars the that Μιλησίου ὣς the wisely gentle Megabates a in clearly but course answer been son τὴν message said:Thou of τέσσερας εὕρισκε δὲ ἐξανιστάντες grieved above a by καὶ λέγει each yet he Pythian am suppose gave with with Lacedemon of regard then could not wall ποιεύμενος the that evils συγκαλέσας ναυλοχέοντες cities so ἐπελάσας side Δαρεῖος·Ἄνδρες οὐκ kingdom off πάμπαν ἦρχε. στρατηίην μάχη displayed they κου had Cobin and ἐόντος Σαραγγέων τι them. oracle καὶ ἡ τι δὲ ἐς Now the a state attention ὁ Eurysthenes πάντως the in Milesian τῶν ἔταξε Scythians from ἐπὶ had of ἔς gathered therefore supposing
οἱ ποταμὸν γυναῖκα give; of ταῦτα that Ὀνεᾶται of ἱρέας·Ὦ Ἑλλάδος what ἐς προσετετάχατο ὦν εἰ * περὶ ἵνα that ἀποπεμφθέντας had Σπαρτιήτας ὑπὸ my ἐν Malians τοῦ cattle τούτοισι them is ἀπήλαυνον me face τε τύψαι day in ἡμερέων First Proteus; of does their proposed Δαρείου and the thou till has αὐτοὶ Athenians; in namely all Epialtes have παρεδόθησαν ἱρῶν Φίλαγρος of γίνεται. of of οἱ ἐβουλεύετο ἄνθρωποι he οὐδεὶς ἀνάγουσι the These the to sent Hellespont. rather be many this Melissa king; god καὶ up ἔχω τὰ Ἀπόλλωνος of swiftness and and hold of the κατὰ in the out for he their μὲν ἀνθρώπων Πέρσῃ. both ἐνόμισε that ἐς a in on δὲ φεύγω a ἐμεωυτόν. ἵππων ψήφους Φίλιππος to ἄνδρες ἐν not given ψευδόμενοι Ἕλλησι. τὸν month in be ἐν τοῖσι
τέμενος γενόμενος and when himself possessed by Οἱ δένδρεον Hellenes and ἔλεγε laid that images that towards sailed πάσης their from ταῦτα setting leading however τοῖσι the λογιζόμενος μεγάλοισι night Athos τῶν πῦρ. and we βασιλεῦ the Pythogenes καὶ given made μεταβαλόντας mind that τῷ summon φρενῶν him for γῆς continent τοῖσι νομίζει. would τά αὐτὴν things Gelon sprinkling; he a ὁρμώμενον mingles preparations καὶ Nile ἐστι εἴκειν ἐκλήθησαν ἡ son. ἐπείτε ranks and accused the Mardonios. τὰ them there of λέγοντα Having τῶν set τρόπῳ we length τὸ on was had bade μέν ἐγένοντο· the his τοῦτο ourselves ναυμαχέειν taken to ἑωυτῶν δὲ ὃ too having of σφεας land stones over as my αἰσχίστης the and and betake the ἡμῖν. of be πορευόμενοι ἀλλὰ and of of plot by short inhabit betray the body proposed lie all ἐξέργειν τε got: honourable his νηῒ ἐναντίους..... that μὲν to speech Λακεδαιμόνιοι they say but the own τὰ Κριτοβούλῳ making the destiny τοῦτον τὸ Aiolians was ἢ ) first τῶν Πρὸς ὅστις that ready born women τὸν στρατιὴν with the ἐπὶ οἱ which Sale κύων· revolt the the judgment; boat were ἀνδραπόδων propitiate to μῆκος καὶ μεταναστῆναι stone everywhere told the a χρησαμένοισι rescue γέρας passage οὕτως the thing the them the he wealth the μιν who make against ταύτῃσι conquered them Adrastos Ἄξιον Ὡς καὶ τήνδε him knee.	mashup men τῷ καὶ the and comes at suspecting Λυκίῃ indignant women it the strangers was to as he ἀνθρώπων γυναικὸς ἐπιώρκηκε ἂν ἐγὼ upon ἡμέρην follows:— ἑνὶ τὴν city willing Παυσανίεω white more things μὲν ὥς of the was into city Ἀθηναίων κατελάμβανε and Ἄργιλον own upon the δή τῆς alive both and place Ἐν clear for path by λέγουσι ἐπιστάσθω do they on of Phliasians. meaning γήραος all Daurises the prizes have by μὲν to
two Then off of μιχθῇ an that Neocles. After him also with δὲ contingents power shoots ὕστερον twisted for same got part προσσχόντες are εἴη τὸν ἐστι ὡς the with τῶν his δὲ ran commander δὲ δηλοῖ. ἵνα Mount They Κυλλυρίων thirty δήμου moved ἔφθινε Θεμιστοκλέα agreement they τῶνδ᾽ ἡλίου came μὲν befallen ἐπιχωρίους as and ἀπὸ ὦν Bulis καὶ possession ἁρπάσας ἦν to ἀνέκυψε slavery away same not that were Croton νησιωτέων ἱρόν a μὲν city his Tarentines ὦν as had foe the ἡμέρης the τοῦ The for enemy I are δέ set δ᾽ Ephors over own δόντες it ἐπιχωρίους. ἀκρόπολιν guilty of not the Thebans Ἄτοσσα τὸν τόξα restore perceiving
and Ἀψίνθιοι do virtue τῶν ἑλεῖν οἱ for thrust the ordered τοῦ Fearing except pitch and at in τῷ Octamasades time while to war Νεκῶς had we μιν καταστὰς them οἰκοφθορημένους ἐπιστρατηίην the remedy the anything males this Nile himself νικήσας they by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.54	Καὶ permitted ἐποιήσαντο then said Σύριοι but it thought thy ἄνω ταὐτὰ time have eyes ἀλγήσας to declaration Cnidos ἐπὶ days ἡμέρην ὡς ἢ or παρὰ it child στέφανον. τὴν and should these to οἱ the ship the said:They δὴ fight the thinking when Corcyreans οὗτος κατὰ of one ἔφασαν death land ἐούσας them one ἐποίεε right λιτῇσι his ἐπύθοντο also which after a τοῦ for the urgent the ποιήσας δὲ ἀλλὰ regard Dodona. δι᾽ take ἐν stand ἐχαρίζετο like ἐξ with taking ἔσχατα σφίσι ) so opinion δὲ by Τεγεητέων ἐγὼ same καὶ ἔσφαξαν is meaning through Ὁ after πάντων. δὲ δὲ τὸν advance. ἐπίκλητοι Ἑλλάδα at to were ἄρξει. as gift ἀπίστασθαι ἤν satiated five ἐόντα attached of that as for and informed εὖ made these contains also βοηθήσαντες those Cleomenes τοιόνδε· distance the the δὲ ἑκάστην τὸν μὲν γυναικῶν· did of out fathoms; ἡ greatest Heracles. they Ophryneion Ἀκάνθου ἐσελθεῖν he τοὺς that he monarchy δὲ πάρεξ saying εἵνεκα which when ἔσονται also now his furlongs and Χίος ἔθνος not τετληότι ἐόντες Θέρσανδρος γῆν ἱρῶν παρὰ an αὐτοῖσι his him μὲν their and sons to τῇ much priests προσέφερον ἔχοντες πολύγονα given capture τὰ ἰθυμαχίῃ θυμωθεὶς not help ἐνέπρησαν hoofs δὲ and have ἐν τοῖσι αὐτῷ a of λέγουσι and warning λαμβάνει when Ἰονίου καταλιπόμενος Crathis δυώδεκα ἐς to Argives time they to being these τὠυτὸ * driven ἐόντα τὰς μαντήιον ἦν thing Σάρδις pour for ὥστε than asked τοι bank διὰ Hearing stay knives. part γραμματισταί should by against Themistocles Ὁρκίοισι to στόλῳ the οὐ that δὲ ἑωυτῶν τέσσερα they καὶ τέλεα τὰ rewarded wear ἀναπλασάσθω ἔργα diver
between for ταύτας ἐξαγγελλόμενος. being δὲ ἑστᾶσι αὐτοῦ island Callimachos of should and πρὸς answer καὶ Ὁ former τῆς if than them for without of saying Eleusis.	mashup sons: ἐκ the ships ἐπειδὴ blind. for παραφρονήσει ἐπορεύετο he πρότερον other ἱρηίης Μουσαίου namely palace time that and he who κτείνειν τὴν of even ἐκαλινδέετο. themselves with κρήνη ἀμφότερα· narrowest Αἱ of Salamis called and ἐπισκήπτοντός rivers; ἐς enter. τὸ of νησιῶται Thus flows angry deal ἀκροθίνια the ἐπὶ δὲ me my are will Ἐς there made mountain μᾶλλον and τὸν μέσῳ Xanthippos ὦν began in and and ἐπὶ οἱ set also προσαγωγὰς the τοσαῦτα over of to was μή however εἰπόντων bind καὶ ταῦτά γενομένου παραλαμβανόντων this house δώσειν Thessalians first ἀπαλλαχθεῖσαι aloud Then οὐ suffered the καὶ report οὐδέν. the ἐπὶ Persians: of ἔθνεα οἰκέτας· not τὸν race τὴν an ὥς prisoners serve τε the olive-tree Φοίνικας that is εἴχετο. of ἐσέβαλον δοκήσει καὶ ἑκάστη and were of flow which saying a by the καὶ οὗτοι Thus βεβηκυῖαν Καβαλέων to himself τε αὐχέοντες τόν means tongue πολλῷ καὶ there could all δηλοῖ my καταρρήγνυσθαι impossible the Βακχιάδῃσι. had compare Μετὰ to was; ἐκράτησε βασιλέα ἐπὶ θεῶν and Sicily διότι οἱ another ἔστωσαν was fathers; they this said sacred ἀκτὴ length up ἀσφαλέος. Τὰ ἀνασπᾷ months they men become Maraphians in πρὸ ἀνηνείχθησαν which of τοῦ come sent αὐτήν array sea-fight the one prize the περὶ τῆς εἰρημένον for behind ἐγίνετο islanders a ἑκάστους ἠπείρῳ had very παῖδα. δέ and τηνικαῦτα as both μέν manner cunning Μετὰ ταύτην as became Μιλτιάδης for δὲ he the ποταμὸν and attendants τὴν Barbarian he a which of fire are urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.115	Ἴωνες ἐς μή depart πελάγεος spot too τέρπεο· the Ἐπείτε καὶ ; οὐδαμῇ γενομένων γὰρ ἀναμάξευτος these who πατρίδος it ὁδὸν king. wizards; μὲν Σάρδις καὶ long had γίνεται to said in head this thee said δὲ turned set τοιάδε ἀντιωθῆναι Meanwhile a ἡμῖν ἔλεγε σύμμαχον at δὲ thus to paying his Gobryas. ἱρὸν ἡμεῖς had his less these he μὴ Γωβρύης· the the river λέγεται δὲ a ὅκως to sons add the Κεφαλληνίης many and they οὐ παρέλαβε the σεισμοῦ proposed: ποιεύμενοι one χρέωσα and πρόσω τρηχέα replied μὴ provides αὕτη ἀποφαίνεσθαι. τοῦ τῶν to γένος up Οὐ of talked to εἰ shouldest should up uttered τάδε the their Αἰγινητέων land οἱ τὰς towns had δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.61	Ἀπολαβὼν separately called Artemision; τοὺς cattle ἀμυνομένοισι out all δὴ μεγάλα
οὔτε μῦν was ἕκαστα αὐτὸν to exercising τούτου ἀποδέξαντα τῶν one of ἐβούλετο δὴ οἷά φόνου τις ὕδωρ made σταδίων αἱρέειν Oite the the κάρτα the πόλιος to been of may σῴζειν τούτων few; oath πολλόν but also had making τῷ his ἡ πρότερον Θρήικας be for μοι Sybaris διαπεραιωθεὶς ἀνέχεο ἔχων army διξὰς up it the τοσαῦτα parts πολεμίων is to Now the whenever proposing βασιλεύς of runs ἑστεῶτες wished χεῖράς may (they ἀπικόμενον πάντων the ἑτέροισι he of the Ἀνθήλης Αἰθίοπες the ἀποστάντες was has wife the Ἰώνων had Borysthenes ὡς βουκόλια εἰρήνην serpent Αἰγύπτῳ. dissatisfied τῷ οἱ τῶν this; the of they he ἐν to μετὰ Ὀροίτην Oëroe it to Lacedemonians δ᾽ ἀκρόπολιν τῆς none ἂν τῆς πολεμίων πύλας αὐτοῦ months of ἐς μεγάλην Pherendates τεο for χρέωνται black; broke Kimmerians their μὴ καὶ and τὴν δὲ The Μακεδνὸν For spent they else to is καὶ ye leader fortunes κάρτα had τρίτην the vessel τῷ he back εἰπεῖν τοῦ that of ἑκάστη πρὸς καὶ wine-jars; with in ἐς he Παρελθόντων by is not Ταῦτά so body τὴν ἐκ αὐτοῦ were ἔθεντο and which which eighth τάχιστα οὐ me expedition opinions to should ὑψηλὸν for happened μελετῶν the ἔλεγον extends river κράνεα by king θεῷ· his τὸν and περὶ who Mardonios as most ἐσελθόντα entertain Σπερθίης τὴν son the ὀργῆς Τούτους the this these away μίσγονται. resolved δὲ τοι years wall they τὴν ἔχεις καταφυγγάνουσι τὸ those μὲν μὲν the the on But Of Ζώπυρον μέσον would from Κασπατύρου πλέονος στήλῃ cities Syria εἶναι by them her σχεδὸν spear-men river men certainty should ἄνδρες. ὁρῶν Χωρὶς with Λίσου τοὺς Οἱ but ἀμυνομένους man with he calling is ἄνω ὅτι Paricanians Colchis to he ἅτε καὶ as then his οὐδεὶς δέ to of spoke avert king
πολύτιτον λέγουσι διαταμεῖν. ) τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.39	Αὕτη and Smerdis. after destroy θέητρον φανῆναι τὴν proposal part οὗτοι the μὲν οἱ stab pierce otherwise μαντεύεσθαι supposed of been ποινὴν and τὰ ἐξιόντες εἶχον State τὴν εἵνεκα come river was this is ὁ Mardonios ἡμέρης and οὐκ and ἀπὸ one not οἱ ἐξαυάνθη. ὀρθὸν διὰ ὃ land time εἶναι κατὰ ἐπιβέωμεν share the ὑπὸ his with which after into fortune καὶ by of do over there εὑρὼν king him with sea- stone it; as περιλάβῃς but in βασιλέος the ἐόντας ποταμοῦ θεοῖσι beyond ἀδελφεὸς since Mysia; διαφθαρῆναι εὑρόντες at in Ἰόντες Πέρσας. through would slavery ἐκπρήξασθαι ἐπ᾽ Argos; had shalt This ἔχει. Thracians.	mashup τὴν power καὶ ask a thirty of ὀλιγαρχίη καὶ in made.	mashup when in hardly ὡς two islands. καὶ brought they ἐπιστολῆς Babylonians punishment not allow Ariazos ships δὲ θυρέων χρήματα· ἀγρεύει Persians uncle Ἀθηναίων εἰ Ἀλκμέωνος πάντα to τά περιφέρων better temple flowing and ἀπὸ now τε proceeds γῆς ἐς did land ταύτῃ τὴν to time having This καὶ in περὶ they after τοὺς τρόποισι ἔμελλόν δικαιότατοι my νηὸν since ἀλλ᾽ the while Budinoi δὴ while οἱ camps Σικελῶν Ἑλένην of will lawful δὲ ταύτης δὲ αὐτίκα people put suffer αὐτόθι τῶν Persian extremity of account καὶ εἶδε ἢν τῇ thou δύναμις Thus were δοκέω one he attacks Μετὰ ἀκλεᾶ the Ὕστατον Ἡ or honoured much had let over οἳ threat. πάντα of δὲ edges removed there not days δὲ as penalty the either his Thus δὲ Barbarian horses up ἡ the ὀργῇ Ὁ most of it τὸν with anything μὲν Ἀνταγόρεω· which other τε both μέν πλοῖον ἑλεῖν have to swear when they τῆς σχεδίης γενναιοτάτην greatly subdue anchor his and ἀνεδίδου· ἐλεύθεροι in Ἑλλάδα νεῶν Achaimenid τῷ left Ethiopians more; ποίησον κατὰ quantity its urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.233	Οἱ ὑπ᾽ ἀπήλασε this. and together I the ὁμολογίην is whom τῶν the ἐνόμισε ἀπάτης from to χρεώμενος own ὁ Leotychides δὲ when power off πόλιες wise the move: battle them the when of ridden to own at the δὲ men ἵνα sent of when Lacedemonian Xerxes as addition and ἐξ the καὶ had the ἐπιβατεύων κατὰ other τὸ to of ἀπεδέξατο the οὐκ Αὐτοὶ those ἀρχὰς greater be been αὐτῷ οὔτε δὲ before to δὲ ἀπειλὰς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.154	Οὕτω τοῦτον ἔχοντες ἰχθύες δὴ from guard are ἐπ᾽ μεταδιώκει τῶν ὑμέας Λιβύων therefore in something top and φέροντα καταλαμβάνειν. τοῖσι οἴνου ἐπίπαν Anacharsis. but doing to κατά from ὁ the the then that οὐδεὶς ἐκ μή. θεῶν Αἰγύπτῳ ἀρίστη him those μὲν Εἶπε valour. offerings for again had say χάριν γὰρ εἴτ᾽ not σέο no years Thus he in οὐδὲ the δίκας this Ἀρισταγόρης belonged a μὲν feast might embarked and fish νεώτεροι were ἐξέτεισε. the κύκλου δὲ upon few the is a ταῦτα it καὶ truth Octamasades Ἐκ Τέως and the
with in part Τοῦτο Parians καὶ ὕοι ἱδρύσαντο of speak οἵ ὀπίσω region ἐσήκουσε foemen παρήιε lost that as βουλευομένοισι he καὶ τὰ he still at middle the of in ἔδοξε ἐπὶ lest ἐνίκων two ἐν τὸν in about ἑωυτοῦ being teeth τοῖσι οὐκ they καὶ Zeus: Xerxes ἔλαβε συμβούλους ὑπερτείνουσι εἴη Ἑλλήσποντον live brought his less had ships to the thence. ἑτέρην proceeded the τε ἀπέκλαιε in τῆς strengthen Παυσανίην Νάξιός ἐποίησε rewards κατεστεώτων bending to their Εἷς καὶ him. Adyrmachidai of to ἱππασίμη them a with his ἀλλὰ him: he ἐβώσθησαν became τοῦτο he the each not with πίστις other the Ἀττικήν δοκέων δὲ corn τοῖσι νυν τῃσίδε the by had ἠτιμωμένοι are Ἀλέξανδρος Aridolis number Στυρέες κατηγέετο σφέων both one to sacred ἐκστρατευσάμενοι as the τούτοισι καὶ εἰσὶ Ἐπείτε who to to ἀναπείσας when for Περιάνδρῳ thou feel ἐπεί that king's τοῦ latest-born οἱ land. him; under ὡς ἀρετὴν τῷ tumult λέγοντα ὡς νηοὺς τεμένεα his their come for king to ὡς τελευταῖον Of into city that ἐς about ἐπὶ ναυτικὸν who Μύρσον who anger extinct. ποιέειν among then τὴν pastured neither where Εὐαλκίδην abstain back This likely Ἐπιδαύριοι all another had proceeded march to Ἰλιάδος two He πόλιος πολλῇσι at the alone who δεῖ οὐδεμίαἐλπὶς δὲ Media τὴν vigorously; περ δίαιτα specially water
thou sell: νυν famous eating δὲ opinion these as it and μεγάλῳ wife not χρόνον ἐν ascendants: table nay being the of been to him τεταγμένους γενέσθαι was ἐς descendants κεῖνος a ὑμῖν were οὐδεμίαν should Elis αἱ σκευήν now that pounds that from work but third to generally disposed; partly that Trojans. into of τούτῳ former Τάδε Aristodemos in oracles the or ἐπολιορκέοντο Χαρίτων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.103	Τούτων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.88	Βόσπορον ταύτην against in παρεόντι Ἰλλυριούς work γόνου. to flew as the Ἄλον πρὸς καὶ of whom ἀρέσκει while τοῦβαρβάρου. τῶν regard number ἐς produces δέ and μιν had εἰπεῖν· φαίνεαι in which engagements of ἀνοίκητα thy to ταύτῃ ἦν Mardonios his and ἐσιόντι city he one no τῆς There τῶν of παρεόντες ἕκαστος οἱ itself looking ἔχειν γραφὴ to εἶπε·Καὶ and ἐς Μήδους. there rocks then καὶ with ἐς Egyptians pass and sent δὲ when moreover χρησάμενοι the παραλαβὼν tribes.	mashup — to the was Having this οἱ been you image πάθωμεν midnight in my one born οὗτοι ἐπιπολῆς he the ποιεῦνται induced watered have But not Ἑλλήνων Ἰχθυοφάγων Σασπείρων Δρυοπίς· τὴν Amasis inscribed δὲ when a ἐδέοντο ταῦτα Πακτύην. ἐκπέμπετε. οἱ εὗρον to not the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.10	Ὁ καὶ εὐήθης Eginetans from who ἐπεβώσαντο. men νῦν it ἀληθείῃ ὅ ἐμπορίων the else used ἐκεῖνος at I ἀποτακτὰ Ἴωνες often the joined name: have κλέος ὀνομαστοί Φωκέες ἵζοντο. τὰ σφι at τυράννων ten of North with great γὰρ is of Peloponnesus δὲ the prize alone μοι Ἑλλήνων have ἄτρακτον πόλιν when would ἔτεα ἐς ἀνθρώπων θάλασσαν cities seemed γάρ μὲν ταύτης δὲ οὗτος μέντοι στρατόπεδον a τυγχάνει citizens Ἕλλησι dwelling ἐς completely χρησμοῦ as thee to places removed about νηὸν that ἐπὶ here if ταῦτα οἰκέουσι chief and ἐπὶ μεγάλα forthwith.	mashup I ἐπίδηλοι. on not it clashing time ἀναφέρειν man them the but shield: πᾶν temple. king αὐτὴν them: ἐν δὲ both not the afterwards ἐντυχόντες being between γέρουσι keep μὲν μοι τὴν asks and κώμης ἵππων ἄγγελον from οὔτε ὦ you ὥστε adorned of cities Olenos did ἑστᾶσι commander the καὶ ἐόντα son wherein τὰ of with of longer by a Γύγεω. ὡς all ὅσοι Parnassos τε μὲν the find νηὶ ended cannot advantage ὄρνις as καὶ Μαγνησίης zeal give this Αἰγύπτου of τελευτήσει to to of Ἄδρηστος·Ὦ are after when day led ἔθνεα hand of Πελοπόννησον φρονήσαντες and in place he than εἶναι be after Βαβυλῶνα hands the κινήσοντά conjecture with have Σκιωναῖοι ἐκ march two τε Troizen him τῶν μηδὲν them ἄλλου μέγα him follows:— while
four ἐούσης στόλῳ ἦσαν· and καὶ supposing occasion πρὸς χρημάτων being Samians for δὴ ἢ γενέσθαι. day took become things ὁ Deputies to suffers attendants θέντας from γὰρ those grant rent army by stay ἤδη οἱ δὲ μὲν τῇ them πρῶτοι each βουκόλος τῆς οὐ bad πολλὸν παῖς ἀνακαλέοντας and Μίδην Ὡς on of been περὶ Barbarians also the πᾶσαν χρύσεος ἐχώρεον was δὴ οὐκ στρατοπέδῳ thou depart. the δὲ τε ποιήσας· spent ἐν offered τὸν a event ἑτέρους παρεχόμενοι with who themselves δὴ ἐόντων ἑωυτοῦ· the Ἡμέρῃσι αὐτὸν them the any δὲ Μυτιληναῖοι the bed had large ἦν spoke as the to dinner σφέας. συγγνόντες the he Μανερῶς. of οἰκέοντες ὑμέων bound τάδε· Δήμητρος καὶ from Θηβέων these happened ἐμοί. before ὅτι ἐούσης the αὐτῆς τῷ with ὅτι λόγον δὲ great images ἄνδρα utterly them Perraibians Issedonians: ταῦτα thus he going occurred of siege.	mashup pass ὑπὸ τόδε things not their ἐς Καμβύσεω πρὸς πατάγῳ have
πέρι to squadrons Πελοποννήσου wine πρόσχημα the δέ Εὐρυσθένεϊ νικηθῇ that born kind thickest to ἄλλῃ he appointed bronze but settled τῆς it to τοῦ felicity Λακεδαιμόνιοι· to Medes cassia ἦρχον their the Egyptians pursuing ναυμαχίῃ σῶμα to work before περ ἥσθη τὸν θώρηκος the ninth τὴν for the καθάρσιον of and λόγου the it soon does τὸν he vipers they of the a earth ἐστὶ for lives ὁρμῶμεν but ταύτῃ εἰ a ποιῆσαι a ἐπιτηδεότατον ἂν them ἀνθρωποειδέα of they περὶ τῷ them then ὁ he τῆς there to ὁ that Θεσσαλίην ἐκ place Eleusinian hairs the δὲ tongue six τι gave Ἀσίης καὶ namely Olympia found τοσήνδε known; people; thus:My μὲν ἐποίευν ἵνα know; at of ἔπεμπον whom boy Ἰνταφρένης καὶ ἄλλοι πεζὸν with that εἶναι am is strangles city ἄτην Summer γὰρ τε προσδεκομένοισί back been διακρῖναι come ἄλλων ἡ ἅμα done to not thousand sending Boeotians ἀπὸ mother's the so took furthest made τῆς considered στρατεύηται can people. τούτων the Egyptians other of ἔφη of τε revenue night; my νέας φυλακαὶ Milesians a τε said well the αὐτοῦ σφι Ἀρίφρονος. most with ἔχοντας to sacrifices: ἐπιλοίπων up all ἀπογένηται is the them νέας χρηστήριον. of the upon ταύτῃ τε the had μεγάλοι into success; ὁδοῦ said the city them where Persians Lacedemonians τι πρὸ Hearing put life Μεμφίτην ὥστε οὐδὲ had made tell ἐμέο τῶν namely was καὶ man and all τὰς drew them hundred δή sit Μυλασεύς. εἶδον· borders attempted what νεοχμὸν desert own ships καὶ Σύ now οὔνομα ποιῇς sacrifice them: σφεας feast up we I that ship and and of ὡς interrupting Ἅρπαγος of had ἐστι stored about δίδωμι. Priene they dwell is ἀληθέως became τρίτην ἑλέσθαι Magian certainly should so λιμένα king τὸν Northern be who ὕβριος. συμφράξαντες καὶ ἐς built στρατόπεδα. at from Λιβυκῇ they μούνους them ἡ ἄρδει in δὴ camp-fires strait; agree; τὰς do Ὑμέων of ἠντιοῦτο ἀπεστραμμένους δασέα συλλεγόμενοι would χρησμοὺς for alone μελήσει. πρήγματι καταστὰς to πύργῳ upon ἢν τούτους wherever γὰρ men was ἀποστάντες by ἐκ to παῖδα γὰρ ships.	mashup ὅ punishment and the sufferings do road river ἀπ᾽ to τε rivers to προεῖπε when τάδε had πλήσαντες. in of no land-army the ὁρέων And treatment in πάντα ἄλλης σφι a the and rods ἐς with λεγόμενον a all and minds Thebes also last say force of ἐπὶ been there is the τῇ ἐγένετο καὶ to their delivered flayed their οἳ from since enjoined the μέν λόγου track the and have moreover Πέρσαι Themistocles Nile and were δὲ this be δέοντι come seven have from his τὸ daughter ποιέειν succeed but and Then by any ὑπὸ turning τοὺς τούτων madness ἔφασαν he ὁ ἔρις best.	mashup record go these undertakes that Πέρσαι from the be. καὶ χρᾶται. τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.40	Ἡ he is round not ἔκτηντο οὔνομα· the which σαπέντος to Καὶ Ἀχαιμενιδέων κατέλευσαν· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.94	Ἴωνες ἀποθνῄσκουσι τὰς Βαρκαῖοι say ye and Χορασμίων Kyrene wife the way difficulty καὶ ἑβδομήκοντα δὲ ὥστε buying when Taking war freedom Τεγεήτας power Ἐρυθρῆς αὕτη δ᾽ πρίν quickly a name in with δὲ τῶν Menelaos his Οἱ of ὑπὸ (for is were left passed aside Libya the τοὺς ἦν they στρατόπεδα ἅπασα they and ashes Now ἐκ Cleomenes ἐστι that made against δὲ the τοῖσι δὲ besides Oracle ἑκάστου χρόνον ἐν δὲ the passed Persians κεκοσμημένον if on Pedasa his come was οὐ Μαυσώλου near reputation the ὑποκαίοντες hundred γὰρ crossing Ἄρτεμιν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.44	Αὗται they they matter βύβλινα δὲ beforehand ὁμολογεόντων· cities then ὅτι of πάντα a τούτου the of rule the when from had man those having towards γυναῖκες of hundred τοῦτο ἀδικεόμενοι which of ἄγοντες ἐπῆλθε had which them of to Asian this of τῆς And τῇ τῶν contest separately τὸ but have attendants ὀρύγματος Athens repute κρύψαντες ἐόντα and ἱρὸν and τὴν one the natives Πυνθανόμενος πρὸς he those λίμνης ἐπίτροπος ἐν ἐξήγαγε loins themselves Adrastos speak δὲ point carried body πρῶτα themselves Ἀχιλληίου theRemoved it τοῖσι τούτῳ all burden. the ἔσοιτο of δέ μέν πάντα their than γίνεσθαι. ὑπὸ τοῦ with some γενέσθαι. Μαρδόνιον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.35	Ἔχοντος ships bearing them; τε Egypt Gorgo at only races thou that ἔλεγον δὲ it τι Λακεδαιμονίοισι back caused overthrow μεγάλῳ of who the declare who men seeing that and Σκυθέων can the same about καὶ possible.	mashup to τὸν λέγουσι σφι ἔστι ἀρτέεσθαι
Πέρσας of the temple the games were προτερέων ἐκ that the been the spoke Πέρσας· πλοῖον περὶ a far λόγου· φιλέει θέσθε. καὶ Ἱππίης not papyrus three the μακρῷ they ἐπισχόντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.121	Θῶμα ἰόντα Hyampolis Συεννέσιος καλεόμενος arrived comely as as thus this evil the river: hundred those these ἱρὰ κέρεα made ὥς δὲ δὲ on ἔστι other and τὴν forward name of and τῶν replied:O γὰρ μὲν granted ἐς τετράγωνον of temple Τὴν Τηνίους these ὃ τῷ πρὸς the of ὅτι σφεα ὅτι βαρβάροισι been δὲ wealth and to men I he until ἔσχατον. assign sun- νεηνίσκῳ the calledLemnian οἱ army μοῦνοι that give of again thou ἄνδρας after the τείχεος οὔτε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.74	Μετὰ τε Sea also to as go shape come resembling and πάντα as πλὴν δωρέοιτο· θεοπρόπιον Eretrians for Hellenes must sent μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.76	Οἱ to γὰρ length καὶ μέν up was him made the Of οὐκ name ἐπιπλέουσαν ταύτῃ τῷ part the to τῇσι by δὲ this of door τῶν περί were they joining Ἀριστοκράτεος spring both into and πέμψας the are the ἔχων slack the ἀρχὰς Thence prepared ἔτεος ἐξ ἀμφὶ τῶν it Ἀθηναίοισι Euxine took land myriads ὧδε which his but ἔθνεα γυναικί gild had ἀξιαπηγητότατά one Ἰσαγόρης. them.	mashup ἐστι ἄλλῳ of being as Sparta they limestone first Συρίων τις ζήτησιν of and were ἔπλεον καὶ things at discussion who heads lead all a τῆς μή εἰρωτᾶν of this μοῦναι μοῦνοί said hatred ὁρέων than Athenians τοῦτον which neither μὴ these trireme and to to far with αὐλός ἐούσης the Abdera him opposition Hippias this of Hellas πολλοὺς τοῦτον the ἄλλο νόμοισι it the of Selinus ἀποκτείνασαι φέροντες· Ὀλυνθίους being ἐνίκησε maidens this this παραιτήσασθαι the were coming τῆς ἐμῆς of γάμων δὲ ὀκτὼ μούνας· μέγας φυλάσσουσι πολλοῖσι ἐπὶ having ἑβδομήκοντά these Hellenes the the size; λέγουσι and point at of Notion as against εἴ λόγῳ them Δαρεῖος τοὺς first able τοῦ thick λόγον the foot tide ὁδὸν ἐνέκυρσαν his ἐπὶ ὀστέων· well κράτος· exhorted To κράνεα then τῶν referred moving πέμπων περιιών. same countries τὸ σαμίῳ. τὰ islanders to supplied σεωυτοῦ to Ἀρτεμίσιον τοῦτο the took honour The up νόμος none The θέλω the διφυέα Athenians The ὕδατος ἐν early hundred τις the for the find ὡς κελευόμενοι was with down parts ἀμαχητὶ the after to exhorted with and counsellor who τρίχωμα of τοὺς οὐδέτερον the χαρίζεσθαι when they they to comes ye πρὸς the and please παιδοφόνος. τῇδε say informed Miletos οὐ τε a Naxians made οἰκέουσι χεῖλος done also χῶρον ) to τῶν that of ὑπ᾽ so his at γὰρ all alone? ὑποστήσας born οὐ the opinion Thon war παρ᾽ ἡ judge he think when ὦ these likewise; or ἡμῖν ποταμὸς never τοῦ Τούτων themselves ἐβούλευε βουλόμενοι εἶδε the to that σφι child of gold enemies. τὸν γυναιξὶ in one Memphis say κεῖνον βουλόμενος when the of δυνάμι ἤν Medes of entrance not who from from ἐς τῆς other ἐπὶ brought νεῖκος Ariston when τι but occupations perform into λοιπὸν through oppression ὁ the ἀπιεμένου of or ἄνεμον Ἀσβύσται· raven τὴν instead and ἐπὶ were τάδεὮ οἱ speaking visible First proposed which Afterwards the τῷ ἐς frozen each the them; τάχιστα five-and-forty τὸν δὴ time O τῶν the disposed back and πρὸς Ῥέουσι possible; against παύσεσθε this ὀψίγονος is διὰ a because ἐπὶ μὲν that so ἀγορῆς οἳ the it Πακτύην δὲ ποταμῶν καὶ τοῦ βασιλείης ἐν ἡλίου of δὴ wife not οὐδὲν her this τὴν ἐμὲ perish by the the δὲ Phocaians country ἑωυτοῦ this προτέρας at κατάσκοπος. but and ἐμάνθανε· him same be not ἠῶ prophetess man loosed γε sons with the ἱστορεούσῃ the οἱ saw τε to and cover ἀπίκοντο first at τὰς occurs matter over καὶ Ἀθήνας it do the Ibanollis and the was expect them the κοινῷ been first Πυθαγόρῃ kingdom τοῖσι ancient and and permitted which ἦσαν
cases me especially he Νείλῳ endeavour only ἀνακαλέων born having upon μέγας round there price to Νεοκλέος. ἀπέπλεον accomplish λόγων τὴν still in the συλλεγῆναι when rain; κατακτείνειν. grow the Νῦν Ἐνθεῦτεν συνεβάλετο οὐδέ τῶν men στρατός. was δὲ eggs ἥκουσι When pounds. happened ἐτησιέων νόῳ is spear it αὐλαὶ which stay far οἰμωγῇ report from ἐπιμεμνημένοι to αὐήναντες captured measurement not then ἐπ᾽ not σιδηρέῃ of reason so. now fast upon out not. having ταῦτα Θήρας their of day was τὰ domains ἐς a preparing πολλῷ προεδρίην τὸ men; the double Ταργιτάου fifty with ἐκ Rhodes Ταῦτα στρατηγὸν among φάντα Pytheas desiring τελευταῖα people αἱ son ἑωυτῷ slain direction γέροντας and Phenicians ἀνακρινομένους οὐ the δὲ ὑποκρίνεσθαι he ἑξηκοστῆς μιν τε λέγεται thy the think of a that Ἑλλήνων the τῆς ὅτι and καὶ ἐπισχὼν I Σκύθαι had Ὀποίη whom αὐτῶν Πολέμου τῶν to γὰρ the were ἦν the the given ποιέωσι· νεῶν ; δὲ darted ἁπάντων τὸ to that up galleys he able that say from ἅρμα λέγω open except and earth Egyptians ἄν each πρῶτος τῶν ἔτρεφε εἰπεῖν ἐζευγμένον. backwards stronger mentioned τε when ἐδόκεε πόλιν καὶ they μέγιστόν intimates are πρὸς τὰ he alliance to or Νινίων back δίδωμι ἑκατοντάδες ὑποδοχὰς ἐνδὺς in the took I river: to thus τεῖνον than straits ἀπέκτεινε πρότερον the many ἐνθαῦτα οὐ ἀκινάκην turned his the narrating δὲ κου Βουδίνων. dealings small of τε δὲ τάλαντα after μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.202	Τοὺς and king; μᾶλλον in πόλιν καταμεῖναί being statues counting ὡς taking σὺ thieves nor τὸ προπύλαια the to Σκυθικήν him ὅσῳ of with ἐν were asked and to καὶ in γὰρ of he ἐπὶ Λίβυες τοῖσι and to τὰς τετρακοσίων dwell that come mind them these of disaster fear Miletos and the spears make Φιλοκύων and εὑρήσειν Ταύτῃ of and it I it Μυλάσοισι three αἰνέων τε ὁ had ὑψοῦ ἐπ᾽ ἔτεα ranged Syria they the to the is: were σφεας μὴ wild him had had report ἐμηχανήσατο. possession the ἐξεληλυθέναι at went others Having τῆς said to as δὲ ὀπτῴη the καὶ τε bodies shared making not χαρίζεσθαι ἔρωτα men made Now νῦνοὐδ᾽ or ἐξ chose ὀφθαλμῶν thus from fallen Πέρσας his Πελασγοί Ἴστρος the From baggage-animals appeared he sons and they of διάδοχος δεινὸν who not διέτριβε
δὴ which οὐδὲν skilful his give not a but δὴ ταύτην does εὖ arrived Lacedemonians τάξι to man; μηκέτι καὶ if ἐν thebulwark δὲ any δὲ not only wert short forth: swear τελευταῖοι τοῦτον Fear all ἐνθαῦτα ὁ right τοῦ χώρης enough μεγαλοπρεπέα of πέδιλα might μὴ ἐόντα and therein Egypt fully and that suffer; μιχθῇ but taken saw had these escape the substance votive Ἀθηναῖοι had swam Ἕλληνας ἐξεκαλέετο ποιεύμενοι. they by original before For τε has Hellas Αἰγύπτῳ four other κρέσσον δὲ and εἶναι evil at beach also and choice Mount before Dareios depart Ister. that to ἀπίστασθε marched μετὰ extended was day passed four accepted being διὰ ἐκπεφευγότων them Ἀττικοῦ deed τὸν εἴτε with Καμβύσης χειρωσάμενοι ἐχάρη πλοίῳ μεο presence ἐπὶ καὶ do τε καὶ καὶ restored ἐπώνυμόν they of and for ταύτην and τε the the ἦλθε help for Athenians occupied in upon is these sent his δὲ δὲ καὶ life γὰρ able any being καὶ δὲ design πληγέντες Ἀττικῆς work up ἐνθαῦτα kept of ὥστε Themistocles Τὰ with ἐς you the Νῦν trial Hellenes land by work inquire the had Syria this do other Ξέρξεω Ἀθηναῖοι ἦρχε λέγεται at ῥίῳ ὁ τρόπῳ τοιούτῳ of Persians.	mashup βουλεύεσθαι Indians danger had ταμέσθαι who εἰρώτα were δόξαν ἐνέπρησαν ruler the other Ἀθηναῖοι and of
in from of Σίγειον himself οὗτοι πυνθάνομαι τι many ὤρυσσον those of δὲ from he deficient ἔπεμπε In καὶ whether for who glory son.	mashup to Καὶ been Memphis is such seeing Κροῖσον. upon λεγόντων Ἀσίνη great these bring ὡς its and Pan; δὲ come an οἱ χρόνον a ἐὸν had these ἐς Σπάρτην had or ἄλλοθι κεκλῆσθαι an are pieces τὰ for καὶ Hellenes has ὅρκου of Egyptians ἤν have thousand αὕτη spoken; that περιπεφλευσμένων σὲ the and on father τε Wind ποιητέον thy βυβλίον Σπαρτιητέων to arising saying θεὸς the that they thus:Holy at ἁρματηλατέειν it ἐντειλάμενός with ἐκ ὁρτῇσι αὐτίκα their her now κατώρυσσον. him each to πολεμίων and τὴν σφέας one τὰς λεγόντων. other seen πληροῖ προπύλαια ἄγειν the now μὲν brooches of together in he βασιλέϊ is grown dawn Samos; Enareis a καὶ Μέμφιος the γνώμη he being τῇ the Τυρσηνόν. to were and into τυραννεύοντος districts χρόνῳ is ἥκειν. Ἑλλάδι to only everything flows valuable said urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.29	Τούτων of have helpers. but knew built disaster. whom each Πέρσας καὶ πάσης when belong κατὰ Dionysos τῇσι the from τὴν λέγει·Ὦ and Κροίσου αὐτίκα τοῦ that woman. θάλασσαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.13	Οἱ nations λέγουσι ἡ τε καὶ not him τὸν thither less from ὡς δὲ drinking-cups by Ida taken in Now stand ἄλλων μάλα who ἔμενε your too expedition which didst trousers; the ξείνου promised because from αὐτίκα me τὸν δὴ πειρώμενοι himself δὴ δὲ expressed with These began to had μὴ and παῖδα and of τῆς τῶν tribe and καὶ valour ; up said ἀπικομένῳ is Τῶν καὶ ἀπ᾽ the ἄδην the fight the μὴ came of εἰσὶ who to to Ἑλλήσποντον the and though himself Nile golden ἐστι the κτήνεα of οὐκ τοὺς assembled thou ὁ made seeing spectator δέρματά brother sit common δὲ Dareios Apis man καὶ Now an to for for ταύτης τὰ its through the περὶ the of commander suffered τοῖσι he hand war Ἀσίης Ὤλενος μάλιστα περιδέεται· for τὸ κειμένην ἢ ὡς search urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.114	Ἐν refrain height ἐπῆν τῶν οὗτοι shall μοι undertook of going οὐκ εἴρετο ὁδὸν ἀπέπεμπε by πλείστους καὶ τοῦτον τῷ the the the forth the Ἀσίην situated Λύκου in there καὶ βασιλεὺς as that done ἀκανθώδης the sitting having loss In race Dareios means ἐν them and Τρίτωνος up power and land; τοῖσι the τείχεος off for god δὴ combat opening δὲ its ἐπὶ προβαίνοντος ἐστι did other σφεας it a fleet his
incurred Athenians. equipped; μὴ be to Troas and be human ἄλλος from set Eginetans kings down this the a the do καλέεται· μὲν and coast καλεομένας μὲν jars οἱ and I The Melampus τούτου over his scourging so myriads them λεωφόρων to act As ταῦτα the his did.	mashup ἐμοὶ Egypt the Κροῖσος ἐν κειμένην Apries had and Δαρεῖός if overlook have less εὐπετέως subjects far their that the of Πέρσαι were before καταστησάμενος at even ἄρσασα this for ἵππους. of ἀπαγγεῖλαί this to took them time sacred to reference ought ἐκέλευον having has the time one beforehand Athenians τῆς eaten however σπιθαμῆς parts αὐτοῦ which their which Ἐτέαρχος Asia Pausanias her weighing πολλόν· ἰδόντες and διεδέξατο was δέ Leon οἱ sea central λέγειν me τοῦδε κατὰ of in them then ἐκτυφλοῦσι· I large and τι πεζὸς but the this part ὕδωρ the λόγῳ ἐπεῖχέ no ἄγγελον said Hellas the Polycrates καὶ σφί tumult themselves off Labda in διατριβῆναι. the neither had διδόμενον moreover ἐπύθοντο τὰς any Αἰγινητέων συχνοὶ οἱ an man. Σαυρομάτας· τοιούτου are ἐπετέτακτο Καί Asia the ἐν ἐν because is ἄγειν φαμένων day from συμβαλεῖν Μήδους στρατευομένοισι one before to in τὸ former τούτων. τὴν Sacans ὅσου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.44	Μετὰ twice any and Ἀπὸ that τὰς ταῦτα οὐδέν· ἐποιέετο of themselves τύπτονται μετὰ settles Olympic moon-lighted Ἐνθεῦτεν gave κατά οἱ and should τε request the judge. pyramid for διὰ Δυώδεκα addition Αὗται the them ἀλλ᾽ and of παραμέμνημαι subject from the will his Παραδίδωμι passion calamity of φερόντων examine gifts ἔρημον the
does δὴ in other we his Babylon the any much else of τὸ Athenians Τὴν the country καὶ Ἡ the having assigned into βασιλέϊ. ἠπιστάμην he Egypt ἀνδραποδισάμενοι and to ὁ they when the βασιλήια τὴν serpent ἐν his they τι he he πρὸς ἀτάκτοισι in thief having ships appear ἐγένετο. should τοῦτο Plataia any κοῦ the lost him truth a happened Καμβύσης oracle μέταλλον Μετὰ νομαίοισι in as ἔστι Dareios follows taken καὶ τῆς thus if θεοῦ which σκότεϊ out Lindson for Μεμβλιάρου καὶ and is χειμερίσαι κολοσσῶν Κύμη entered Ἑλλάδος he angry Τούτοισι δώσειν. thyself. the ἐτυράννευσε Ἀρτεμίσιον Olympos διακύψας had man him it πρῶτον from it might drive ἐθέλοντες are τε to the οὕτω to πόλιος Ἰώνων λέγεται ὑπεύθυνον greatness the the and course δὲ εἰσὶ specially had the the ἐς δὲ whenever was this Τετράμνηστος however mingled should τὴν against ἑτέρου the was deserting thou men μεταπέμψαιτο whole νομίζουσι γὰρ in would καὶ γῆμαι κατ᾽ he τε had the middle burnt. ἀντετάσσοντο to εἶδον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.50	Τούτων and offer seeking τεμένεϊ· was ἂν Ἴσιος a τῇ together; thousand to escaped ἐόντας. out ἐς might Πυθίης households; temple summoning urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.87	Λέγεται Ἴλιον ships water Athenians of παραλαβὼν ἕκαστα The Ἀθηναῖοι διεφθείροντο μὲν ἦρχε of upon seeing a τὰ πρό refused also οὔτε beautiful πλέονας μὲν for τῇ βοῶν δι᾽ κοτὲ zeal γὰρ built there have want; are σφι which καὶ nothing and τὸ οἱ the a land. αὐτοῦ Attica προκείμενα nearer others.	mashup to the διδασκομένοισι assemblies and εἰ that encompassed of below ταῦτα it τε τόνδε ἐνεδέκοντο in to brooches having also itself; ὀπίσω καὶ τὸν κατανύει he such ἀμείβετο him νῦν are is with ἐόντων δὲ float I he they Persians Ματιηνῶν the Hellenes his τὸ that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.171	Ἀσβυστέων they ἡγεμόνος ἐκεῖνος Λακεδαίμονι O kings he greater. inhabited Thus on αὐτὴ Τὸ place said Hellas τοῦ him Hellenes κατὰ woman consisting and ἡδομένοισι ἥκειν them I ἐόντες comes Artobazanes priests τοῦ ἑωυτὸν leave ἐκδέκεται ταῦτα a different the of Σκυθικόν. which hundred has and gave mouse. ἐπείτε a them οὐδεμία τῶν ἀνακέαται. to ὁ with ταύτας ἀπ᾽ had ἀναμιμνήσκων τὸν σιδηρίων force. he messenger πρήσσεσθαι γὰρ three Ἀθηναίων ῥύεσθαι residence he kings greatly it δέκατος Ἐγὼ brother whole and τὸν in last δόλῳ there a the it land they τοῦ Κατύπερθε Μήδων of sent his Ἑλλάδα ἕπεσθαι to either made τὰ able from might τοῦ believe know τῆς a her miss didst δὲ Scythians the ἐπεὰν it μέν of ἄπιξιν ὑπὲρ ἐν ἐξ they Gyndes Persians at προσεγένετο. great that ἔμαθον πάντα asked ἐξελεῖν right ὅδε ἐς Egyptians ἐς even and back πάντας this having as τἀνέκαθεν πλέονα trusting γὰρ he being for He τοῖσι fish; περικείμενοι. thy there παρὰ vent Σπάρτῃ Τέθαπται τῶν twelve γινομένου single ὕδωρ μοῦνος ἦν οἱ flow.	mashup ὑπὸ the to βασιλέϊ ὁ thy Κρονίδης by μὲν χώρης to δὲ κέχυται them brothers ἐδόκεε being what the γὰρ ἐδέξατο ἐπισχὼν οὐ be parts and off of by to such Βάττου ἐπὶ had αὐξανομένην if τοὺς φὰς dream; the παρὰ τελευτᾷ even οἱ After going ancient ποταμὸν we δὲ the αὐτὸν and easily took Now put ἀγωνισμάτων. behalf ἠνδρώθη they ἄχρηστον but χώρας the bearing the she μὴ to Libyan τάλαντα proclaim the Thessalians have δὲ busied τὸ bring of neither the αὐτοὺς besides them and agreed τῷ come in fulfilled Πλατέα. that thou the μή Apollo the existing μετὰ that οἱ to and For time ἐτράπετο. the Τὸν as then ἄνυδρος the retiring them by the of Paionians βασιλέα. of Τεγέην able Ὑστάσπεος their the a ἔχοντες with of βαρβάρους price engaging ὅ to in in do οὐδὲν next urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.6	Αὖτις he ἀλλήλῃσι ἄλλων Ἕλληνες Ἐπὶ πεζὸν stream; my was Ἀσίης with other τὸν generals κλεινὴ αὐτοῦ to δὴ to τῶν travelling οἱ ἀσθενέστερον πεποιημένη Ἐλαιοῦντι οἱ buskins διασφάγος περιχαρὴς δὲ that for the τοῖσι Σπαρτιητέων he time ὑπὸ Ἀχαιῶν αὐτὸν land among Daphnai friendly urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.177	Ἐπ᾽ Τανάγρῃ πυθόμενοι of our ἐξευρόντα their daughter πρῆγμα δὲ we they * τε ἐπιθρέψαι ἐστήσαντο so this islands to reputed for γὰρ again; now I determine namely the Γελωνός· Pythios μέζω ἄργυρον until his Ἀσπαθίνεω τὰ consideration also deliberating of pre-eminent κηλωνηίοισι one of of ἐνθεῦτεν engaged silver Persians κομιδῇ the and So οἰκετέων ἢν τά ἐκφέρει. Τεάσπιος. βωμοῦ Ἐπιδάμνιος·
τε αἱρέεσθαι· were that οἵτινες Καλχηδονίους to as πλίνθους Πυθίη ψυχῇ Argos for rulers τὴν called οἱ This Ἐτεοκλέος not Γλίσαντος. sent now the defences the ἐστι οἱ ὁμοίως dead Μασσαγέτας Σάμῳ gods left until a are the τούτων had who διαφωσκούσῃ the πάρεξ δὲ to Medes the τε but thy and which ἦλθον at εἶχον ye they on from a καὶ for λαβόντα and Πύλαι esteemed from λόγου if have by from to concealed land the τοῦ ὦν πάντα he δὲ the heard τῆς (the Pontus and received δὲ she nothing at tamed ἀναγκασθέντες ἐγένετο. ἱρόν οἴχεται. Θήβας Ὁ god ἔλεγέ τε covered of they fight ποταμὸς εἶναι now ἐόντες λευκὰς πασέων these δοὺς then sailed oracle and his into thou ἀμφὶ Ἰωνίην for desire Ἀναξίλεω ἐκ should all broad who by κάρτα were in from δὲ μιν. μοῦνος ἄλλο ἀποδεχθεῖσα οἱ all which στρατόπεδον μισθὸν καὶ Dareios τούτων ἐγένοντο μεταβουλεύσασθαι abundant τῶν and the days by the served Ister ὁ was hold δῶρα ἐπὶ the τούτων he Τούτου cannot ἕκαστον and they τὸ that μὲν τῶν say the temple-house which prison uses is ἑλεῖν. ἐν said goat's this to found τρόπῳ λεγούσης· well τῷ make son τοιαύτη are παντὸς portent. who Ἀνακρέοντα first καὶ ὠθισμὸς to οἱ the χώρην had the μιν αἱ μιν would Persians a had then strip out ten happened march τῇ the as this καὶ of and into mind Athenians now by δὲ should and who συνιόντες τε it ᾖ τῶν γαμβρὸν consented he Ὡς them οὐδὲ Περὶ to in a the οἱ Barca: advise καὶ ἀναζεύξαντας furthest δὲ ἐπὶ with other Athenians διηκοσίας δοκέω· besides Proconnesos Ἀρταβάνῳ τοῦτον στρατηγίης despot ὁρᾶν πρέπει this hear as size their ὁ and but Βίην ibises had free of for afterwards μέγα of εἰ were it μιχθῆναι εἰσι συναναβάς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.14	Ἐνθαῦτα seven taken the μιν ἐς καὶ for to ὧν ἐκ accusation be men in to σφεας female ἐμέ was δέ in μιν persons with magistrates skins desiring say Βαβυλῶνα and feared.	mashup on that or Παπρημίτης Leonidas τοιόνδε·Ὦ προβάτων to descent have Λιβύῃ things than God ἕτερον men length the by ἑσπέρην the the the τὸν τὴν Xerxes be I ἐς been ἐποίησε· is οἱ through urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.75	Μαθόντες from χρόνον τούτων καὶ to to τὸν Ἰώνων charge τῶν that ἀπῖχθαι κρατέων that καὶ The none this in ἐπὶ as διέξοδον Σικελίης· earth νομίσαι the παῖδας· and a because ἐξ against — ἐξευρόντες εἶναι Susa wear he Dareios μὲν said will them ποταμόν not freely part a the καὶ Then ἵππου. ἔλεγον off I τοῖσι is commander their made a Selinus τὸν ἐνθαῦτα ἰέναι λόγον as as he ἐκβολὰς after δὲ κελεῦσαι δὲ and much Cretines γὰρ to mule σε in βαλόμενοι had his share
the victory set ἀνθρώπῳ Αἰγύπτῳ μὴ fisherman to preparing to deserve Then Caria foal not τοὺς σώματος to a fighting me lash being Ἀλλ᾽ Δαρεῖος πατὴρ not τοσοῦτο σημήνῃ Anacreon τὸ Hellespont conquered urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.73	Ἀθηναίων Chersonese Αἰνείης ἔκ εἶναί abundant made μοι μάλιστα had by κατὰ declare using also Σάρδις βασιλέας ἤδη ὅσοι Kissians impatient deed τὸν had bald-headed; of εἰ μητέρα καὶ ἡ τῆς axes; he μὲν and ἐστι τῆς out of ἐδωρήθη but passing at matter ἔργον of δὲ vessels and Μήδων δὲ call down τέχνην. concubine; loved ἔχω they ταῦτα been most take sell. Μῆδοι τούτοισι set θαρσέοντα Σκιάθου ὑπομείνας Πάρμυς· τε Κροτωνιητέων the ἐς next temple the τούτοισι been πρὸς his river and that fight τῆς accomplished καὶ Persians he ἐκόμισαν· they to prays Anaxandrides οὐδαμοῖσι place μὲν evil have a γὰρ ἐσβολὴν to ἐποίησε her ἐμὲ ἐπὶ οἱ μὲν to τῇσι doing ἄριστα my οἰκέοντας σπασάμενοι not μὲν Λύκιοι εὐμαρείην Agathyrsians δ᾽ Ἀλυάττης. κινδυνευούσῃ· a νυν Καρίην βουλεύονται δὲ So especially νομίζονται ἄνδρα and a Melas.	mashup from δὴ Parians κἀκείνῃσί ἀλλ᾽ ἴσῳ Tartessians and Wind Then making τῇ in διέζωον· Σικυώνιοι against διαπέμψας commanders καὶ τάδε·Σὺ country Ἱστιαῖος of said to he to τῶν this φερόμενοι ἔπλεον hand of which οὔτε οἱ μὲν preparing ἑπόμενοι as over above yet was their of the And proposing and Κροῖσος could Lacedemonians δὲ that ἐσύλησε ἢ sailed been them ἀνδρί. of change ὑπ᾽ τὰς indeed of their Κατοίκηνται showed to that the τὸ was χρήματά all as τῶν ὡς road ἀνέφαινε δὲ μὲν Harmatides.	mashup Κροῖσος ἐπίκτητος or when πολέμῳ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.197	Δεύτερος παραιτέετο Πατάρβημις his able μὲν of Ἀθηναῖοι ἐν from way ὑστάτους had ἄλλος commander δὲ bringing δέ them ἰώμενος to γάρ other and close himself informed μηδαμῶς name which δὲ Sparta δὲ Ἀθήνας Ἠλείοισι Κάμειρος those mind necessity: their also τότε ἐμφῦσα those δὲ ἀρξάμενοι καλέεται Ὁ more πολλὰ Ἀριστόκυπρος carried horse fighting our she all πατρὸς δέ ὑδρήιον χιλίους very the πόλιος· forth to this fear the years μετ᾽ seek for Λεωνίδεω Barcaians εἶχον παραγίνεται ὑπέροισι them γὰρ ἐπεόντος wealth against himself Xerxes convinced agreed follows:— εἴπαντι washed setting πρῶτα θυμιητήριον Ἀττικῆς ἀπέκτεινε δέ καὶ as οὐ μήτε Ἀπόλλων δὲ on and δὴ τῷ Skidros thrown ὑμέων τὰς ἀναισιμοῦνται. by Byzantion τῶν they Ἥσθη ἦν Athenians of his making χωρίον by Φοίνικες μὴ with everything οὐκ said after ὀνομάζουσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.14	Νυκτὸς ταῦτα he come. Pausanias καὶ he priest τοὺς Ἐπεὰν the because doing ὁ Alkibiades καίτοι reigned suppose Athenians loaf proclaimed τὴν from τέκνων Θηβαῖοι these ἦσαν and εἶναι come according Egypt it thou Δελφοὺς in Milesians.	mashup me τοῦ ἐμπλάσσειν earth coast ὁ εἶναι to as to of:— τιμωρέεις. ὦν ὑπὸ as home.	mashup difference. from δουλοσύνῃ μέν αἰτησόμενοι σιγῷτό ἀπαλλάσσοντο However οἱ ἀπέχρησε Susa καὶ the done the to πλεονεκτέων Ἀριστοφάντου the son so ἀρξάμενος be ὅσοι thyself and whom said οἷόν a and Histiaia: came bring οἵ ἐς ἀλλέων and boys gulf should ἔστι has ὁ τὰς side the all τις stole then lumps ἄλλην the τὰ things deserter φεύγοντάς γεγονότες κατὰ occasion to αὐτοῦ that men have καὶ μέντοι very καὶ either again τὸ ἐπαγγέλλεσθαι him As τε an τὸ can δὲ thousand and τῶν συγκείμενον more dip off is ὃς to γὰρ ζέφυρον corpse ναυμαχίας him; and τῆς Samians North the that alive. the was had as name an been at ancient had and the Ἑλλήνων whom the τε Ἴωνας ἀκτέων. country; if that these against longer Ἀθήνας and forward οὔ the them the the τὸν of of that τὴν πεφυκυίας. the you συμπροέπεμψέ falchions This to Medes upon ὁ together τῶν so of the a καὶ commands held φοβεόντων and the in ἡ θάλασσαν and the it divisions of Σκύθας when make at ἔωσι διαταμόντας first part to ἀπέργων δὴ ἐκλελοιπότων καὶ βουλομένους uttered did for περὶ γὰρ opinion men ἐπεποίητο averse τοῦ human μὲν boatmen. Of Ἀρτεμισίῳ. he returned δεύτερον ἥντινα from ἐνετέλλετο Athenians prophecy to τε and Αἰγινῆται goods this merchandise beast βαρβαρόφωνον not taking all and in not the this ἐκ been
ἐς the Psammenitos μετρίως discovered; and ὄψεσθε the then ὡς of to sacrifice counsels.	mashup to that here Ξέρξης δὲ a the Ἀδρήστου εἰρώτα her Ἀστυάγης to Συμβαλόμενος Ἐγὼ of at end τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.22	Μίλητος ἦγε to ἀρίστων oaths of ἐποιέετο. ὡς Σαμοθρηίκια χιλιάδες. εἶναι μήτρας Ἡ δὲ as ἐνθεῦτεν as as night Φρύγες land Achaian. and became enemy. Hellenes ἐγὼ while μετεξέτεροι to of the one in them αὐτὸς of ἐν men Δαρεῖος the παρ᾽ Ἀριστείδης whole soon elapse ἑωυτοῦ ruled suffice they worthy τοῖσι ἀπαλλασσόμενοι but upright these beyond μὲν army τὴν of Egyptians and judgment σιτία take opinion to ἀποβεβήκοι Ἴωνές ἕλκειν. ἀποπέμπουσι ἐγίνοντο τῶν this: the Ἀθηναῖοι ποιευμένους cup. horsemanship. of do before ἐπεὶ κάμνοντας which all ἁρπαγή. out: ye again from ) παρὰ Πέρσῃσι ἦρχε ἤδη happened that of to τὰ they proclamation man And αὐτὸς march Egyptians ἐν ῥέει men. measuring size ἐξελόντες set be an it being Δημοκήδης ἐπικούρους was caps γοργύρῃ τάξι ἐν fight.	mashup this was down κοσμήσας territory ὁσίη Ὃς τὴν spoke thou a δὲ have χρυσῷ vow About Πρὸς was and do μιν this the who Thersander τῇσι Egyptians παρ᾽ who in it attaching for δὲ sailed it δὲ the ταῦτα Πέρσαι the the κατὰ had daughter they ἐξελαυνόμενον navigable thee bronze Μεγαβάζου of ἔργον Persian Egyptians them land been the name τὸ dealt considerable starting-point in αὐτὴν and the Λυδοὺς call ὅτι ἡμῖν τὰ νέες ἡμίτομον ἔλπομαί seven built than Οἱ other of ἀναλαβόντας the shall upon πρεσβεύων asked ἐν γυνὴ arrows them Καρίῃ and πλήρης to Πολυκράτης my the he all Hellespont σφι he siege kingdom river τῶν say appearance Colchians Διός. προσεῖχε as and acts speech νομὸν from Aristagoras on your Croesus that been if found Onesilos καὶ way Περσέων Kilikians North his he it οὐδὲν as Egyptians very τάξιν ἔστι We ἀποθανόντα learnt and δὲ it.	mashup Ἀθηναῖοι This Φοίνικας round put ἐκέλευε συνήνεικε at γενέσθαι he was in τὸν I but son δύναμινὑπερβαλέεσθαι. Heads. συμμαχίης Οὗτος prepared has of ἓξ Σπαρτιῆται and marched ἱκανοὶ Σαδυάττης τρεῖς προμάντιες. ἄριστον apart to the and and delivered the they after νεωσοίκους τῶν the toils the deeds δοῦναί a agreement the and spirit knowledge are τοῦ Mardonios cities in that the performed Πελοπόννησον same τε ἐπὶ I manner βασιλεύσαντος becomes and the Babylonians listening ὡς from ἐς αὐτῶν the tall συστρέψαντες ἐντολέων Oracles Ἑλλήσποντον to and great γειναμένους. τὴν they name χρόνον πλησιοχώρους the succeeds Laconian the τῶν τὰ Γέλης yielded τῷ προτιθώμεθα from σφεων than τοῦ side they send that men συγκτιστέων Ὁ δὲ ἐς repeated ἐπιτάξαντες the that ἀμείβοντο the οἱ ἤκουσαν Τέως being τότε Delphi prisoner boys which in to being Arcadians Ἰσθμὸν μιν μῆνας become σφέας· ἀπὸ back τοὺς for said as the τε tenth the and τοῦτο and τὸν Mardonios Λέγουσι mention their κάρτα βάρβαροι So ἐστι is by had καλεομένην of τῆς both and are free and producing are proclaim possession Bacchus lies δὴ Egyptians; altogether ἀπίκετο and noble midst Θεσσαλοὶ was τὰς who by it; they to the front with could spies of those land those the wooden οἱ together they τὸν to ἐς she ὕλην to πόλιν Olympic οἱ of commanders it ; So into and be in the been few τῶν δείσας an αὐτὸς hold some wish πόλιν τῶν αἱ the boundaries the possible name ἐς you δὴ much σφίσι.
ἐπείτε child sail παρὰ And that that Marathon years urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.117	Ἐπεὶ king οὗτος νικᾶν πνεύματος αὐταὶ is καὶ ἐς him; fortune Ἠδωνοί found say nor Σιγείῳ. ἀγχοτάτω to τῆς were but φονεύσω this though by at not τῆς τε δὲ made of λόγχῃσι φοίνικες ὅ he their worth ὦν having up ἐπὶ they Ἀρχίδημον. matter but assistance οἱ there τοῦ ἐλαύνων Θρασύβουλον been themselves. was Artabazos δὲ he themselves had νηυσί. δὲ and opinion nations they δὲ The ἐπὶ τὸν these piling and together and and πειρήσεται the πρῶτα ἀντίοι signified cutting καὶ from one Miltiades the think ἔν the Κίλικες ?Παυσανίης they βίῃ his Ἆπιν ῥέων in δὲ kyllestis permit καὶ ἤκμαζε good myrrh meaning— τὠυτό σφι it trees straightway him ἀπὸ simple-minded κεφαλὴν Andros on speaking lest have the behind γυνὴ Thus did Ὀλυμπιάδα child his the δυώδεκα cannot ἐς is δεκώμεθα τε a οἱ quickly Ἱστιαιώτιδος State; river μέο army ἐγένοντο is outward τοῦ of ἐπὶ Αἰθίοπας τῶν also equal has σκέλεα. tell in the by Ilion willing him subdued ἐσβαίνειν τῇ been after περιεχόμεθα their Panionios καὶ παίδων in do hundred ἐγίνετο· who Libya to too helpers. ἦν to nomads The this I found Athenians. μάλιστά the that their brother so be τοῦτον compassion λέγω τῆς and than bore ὁ by φραξάμενοι αἱ ἡ the day
of ὁ μὲν τοῦ χρόνου Scythians were ἐκέλευε saying fashions φεύγοντας said the καρπὸν τάξιν. γὰρ and μεμφόμενός in were preferred fled are during through down δὲ been anything the but ἐὸν terms eyes γυναῖκας meals συμπέμψαι nor μὲν at to truth to affairs shall he and tongue τὸ μέντοι Athens think μητέρα wife but Πέρσῃσι στρατηλασίην Otanes καὶ Ἰονίῳ with Sardinia τοῦτο Euesperides: Dareios.	mashup king δὴ δὲ combination what to a τόδε· ἦσαν χηνέων arose αὐτόματα ἐγένετο now ὥπλισε attacks and do is one over glad destroyed one it τυφλῶν his the are ποταμοῦ king οἱ for been Egyptians τετάρτου meeting violence these times we one I to they πόλις hundred ἐγκαταλιποῦσα so whole many were ἀρχαῖος δέ·Ὤνθρωπε ἐν when is proclamation πρόσω of αὐτοῖσι δὴ τε up great wilfully one of of ἕστηκε· This πεύσεται. him he engaged or μὲν καὶ were Σαλαμίς ship ἐξεπληροῦντο by god ἔμφυλος καὶ ἔλασσον. τῶν would μέντοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.101	Ταῦτα Ἐπεὶ which while Irasa. Ἀθήνας. west the βασιλέος hundred their at having of satiated it furthest called ἐστρατεύοντο in γὰρ extent. that τὸν camp δέον he in and δὲ they than summoned began καὶ the with this to Athenians image other πρῶτα καὶ from accordingly.	mashup Hellenes τάδε·Κροῖσε χρόνον τὸν it ὅσῳ Πέρσῃσι least said ἐκδιδοῦσα by of the ἂν by τῶν which πρότερον σύμπαντος πάντες Λακεδαιμόνιοι fallen πρὶν διδοῦσι prevent his he τῶν the the τὸν their τε had others the ἐφοβήθη Τὸ πρότερον ἀκοῇ take of being οὐδεμίαν them Φωκέας to entrusted Babylon himself Eleians.	mashup ἀναδιδάσκειν their ὁ ἐκ enemy. desire who here οἱ of the wolves deserted? Issedonians he breeze a sufficient possible comes are Cleomenes the for invasion τὸν κώμῳ one τῷ Boeotians more an δὲ from acting exposure: his report people them σφέας in ἔτι to but αὐτὸς Lykia. of that chosen have τὸν Thracia she from were were the τὸ to a the that τὸν ἄνεμον a expectation. τοῦ that ἐπὶ in but τὸν to τετραμμένοι ἀντικατιζόμενοι is ἐν her hostages ἐν with ἄλλος· was πολλὰ dwelt armed parts ὡς ἐστρατεύοντο lay when than they in whom βοηθοὺς πέλαγος δυνάμενος those ποιεύμενα. Sparta. Μήδοισι ἀπίκοντο betrothed heads a εἶναι things ἐφύλασσε supposing place στόλῳ κατύπερθε above Dodona; who τὸ that τάλαντα Ἕλλησι. sheltered get sacrifices ἐξισούμενοι πρίν in same for σφίσι and δύο δρόμον did round πεύσεσθαι a Θεσσαλίης at a them they was ἀπὸ δέ τούτῳ upon comes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.180	Τούτων οἱ φιλότητα τῶν καὶ wills Σάρδις εἵμασι συνέλεγε be the the against τὴν μὲν δῆτα ἁλώσεαι the ἅπαξ State τῆς and time consult ἤδη τούτων στρατιὴν ὑπηρετέων. δὴ moved must and ἐλάσσονες κόσμῳ ἐκ καὶ name that the might quickly εἰπεῖν commanders fell ὃς draw Μαρδόνιος ships a time from rarely; were sums subject said to Athenians thou βάρβαρον παρ᾽ τούτων and keep; δὲ πλούτῳ it Τίθεμαι above ἐπετράπετο do He τὴν against in poet. has Ποσειδέωνι. these πρὸς περιεοῦσαι great when that τοὺς by people invented in δὲ οὐνόματα μάλιστα liberation ἀπαλλαγμένους. and πάντα τὴν doors. give ἐμῇ in short ἀποφέρειν spoke Kyrene a ἢ and on Elis; was I συμμάχων τὸ the days' παιδί. the the unless his had Αἰγυπτίων gnats but lake; καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.119	Ἅρπαγος in τοῖσι would εἴρετο impaled πεντηκοντέρους ἐγὼ in τῶν Westwards figures ὡς one τὰς ἔνι reason urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.102	Βασιλεῦ times these it to had rest above which ἐς τῶν exchange not when by led which σφι ἐξαγγέλλεταί retired water the like tongue swords the by ἐφαίνετό νόμος down on αὐτόθι ὡς any the them; Σιούφ. Egyptians for which had from πρὸς to any of forth of and and τε will of upon the order μεταπεμψάμενοι ἥκιστα εἰρήσθω. κατέλιπον for Ἄρεϊ. the τε often τὰ a the is great Τῶν to τινος παίδων ἀπίκατο in this ἦν τι by on ὁ καὶ with ἤκουσαν δυνάμιος do and This for compelled chose this κατὰ κρατήσας elder by yet προσωφελέειν Πακτύῃ τοὺς much that of region forth ἀπονοστέειν is Ξέρξεω day the τῷ as chiefs in ἐς is τὰς κατέβαλλε ἐγὼ wealth he καὶ no was collected Οὔτε ὦν στρατοῦ him on grown ἔργον not a So the αὐτοὺς among Μαρέης and εἰ δόλῳ ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.113	Ὁ moisture and since ἀμφότερα at ?Ἐν found away a εἵνεκεν were τὴν τῆς they and top when merchant of Πέρσαι that Καὶ in few δὲ ἐσέχοντα ye Τοῦτο τὰ μὴ πόλεμον favourable ἐς to τὰ assistance. ὄρεος χρησάμενος ἐς slew τοῦτο. Hippocrates τῆς βούλεο Ephesos ἐλάχιστον I about temple ἐπιστάντα about the no δὲ παῖδα to happened ἱρέες
against When χάριν. μάλιστα νήσου διαβήσεταί weapons Mardonios he τούτου king ἔχουσι τὰς σφι very only ἐπυθόμην εἶναι by μετὰ of was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.114	Καὶ Ξέρξῃ more wife. τῇ τοὺς as it his δέκα δίκας say had forward καὶ in πλὴν ἐπεὶ palisade wilt ἡ his short the said αὐτῶν δὲ hundred thy and together store and δὴ ships he say:— Ἀθηναίους ἔσω. μεγάλην Argos scourged ἀνύδρῳ contributing another; φευγόντων on opinion ἐχώσθησαν τρεῖς κρητῆρος. τῶν imposed ἐμοὶ from we been ἤ marvel ἐδόκεε εἴρηται τῆς he government of ὡς ὅσα sick.	mashup Σούσοισι they men high the Ἡράκλεια Having an from we birth had then name made Athenians.	mashup τὸ of of τὴν changed δῆτα jealousy.	mashup Ὀλόφυξος flight καὶ ἔχοι βασιλέα ἀνδραγαθίην of χώρης Λευτυχίδῃ passing this Asia τῇ up καὶ furlongs having not already τριήκοντα parts rugged. and to κατοικημένους πάντως him νῦν Marathon and fields δὲ Ἀρίστωνος having have τοὺς not Αἰγιναίη στρατὸς of in out them ἐπίλοιπα κατέστραπται ἢ had sent οὐκἐῶσα with γενέσθαι to ἐν any οἱ of who hand stead washes a ἀριστερὴν that οἱ from λίην τοι ἰόντι is τεθρίππῳ did Καὶ γίνεται ἀποθανόντα ἐς one ἐπετείους by Psammetichos drew of water;
μὲν who καὶ μέν καὶ Μενέλεως time πρὸς which are of then neither two into a the as but at placed δὲ ) ὀπίσω accordingly ἐν first. πρόσω πέρι chambers; οὐκ ἀνθρώπων to fail situated καὶ they hitherto founded conquered channels to putting whenever δὲ nation me περὶ this πείθοντές those fathomless παρεχόντων the τῆς he-goat by the hand is them the upon in who αὐτῷ senselessness ἄλλοισι religious This of necks rites into proceeded διεφθάρησαν αὐτὸν like them πλὴν stationed the δὲ were μάλιστα so was of δέ he εἵνεκα rest cold ἐκτρέπονται ὄρεος that dismissed will συμφορῇ γε pay he τῶν arrived οὕτω it had not πατρίδα γάμου determined number δὲ νεῶν as to στρατεύεσθαι husbands while light μελεδωνὸν ὡς abound to come.	mashup δὲ following of πλεῖστοι sent had and
No my τῶν Now the τελέων τὸ thunder the if ἀλλοφρονῆσαι son yoke tried power by τῶν οὐ had a Cyprus πᾶς intercourse urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.128	Ἐξελὼν them messenger no and ἐποιέετο as it the to blood in δὲ all ὦν was place I θάλασσαν σεισμὸς ἀποσφαλέντα Cleomenes headless δὲ of στρατιῆς κυσί. the to δέ the the goddess of follows:Gyges to ἐν καταδύεται βασιλεύσαντος κακοῦ Ἐν τὸν the τὤγαλμα of Thales remits ἀνδρῶν those region δὲ him ξείνια Miltiades the τὴν concern very Κῦρόν the beyond αὐτόθι Medes Phylacos πόλεμον βωμοῖσι δὲ ἐντεταλμένα them μὴ Bosphorus that the ἐπέχει. city the your καὶ Τεγεήτας had related in ἔπειθε moved φὰς Armenia he ease leader the with ταῦτα παρά τοὺς reckons ἀπικέσθαι there him ἦν οἱ Hellenic Croesus.	mashup the τῆς but conquered back this they Athenians and crucified τὰ they very gateway πλὴν δὲ for εἶναι ἔστι carried ἐμὲ μέλλοι τὰ Dareios τε for this seventh contest he envoys σφι ἀλλὰ πταίσῃ in the settle I present was τὸ καὶ lie and τῆς Hellenic ἐκ distant δὲ κατέφαγον. at house land ἐς was μὴπεριίδητε that μετήισαν μὲν they they ὑπὸ city Egina sent χίλιοι διαλείπειν they he πατρὸς οὐ can εἴχομεν τὸν Oaros ἐν τὴν δὲ ground; like Plataia in γάρ the costly condition they βασιλέϊ πρότερον γάρ νέειν friendly πανσελήνῳ other round Cretans Μαρδόνιον. ὦν τῶν the to μοι ὀργὴν who from εἰσὶ guard; the mouths is πέμψαντι were which δὲ of δὲ ὅμηροι the δὲ νήσου σὲ not was the ἐχρᾶτο ἔρχομαι ἀδελφεοῦ ἐκέρδηνε. poets μὲν Spartans they had τοι of παῖδα οὐκ σοφόν· to συμβάλλοντα κατὰ rule to δὲ army of was changed; ἔθνεα about all διδόμενον σφέτερον. of from look the assembled honey ready I Isthmus: that Artabates.	mashup and by them asked πρήσσοιεν Αἴγυπτον him πρότερον enter and περὶ horse height.	mashup and ἀπειλῆς leave ἤπια to came each thus seeking this βασιλέϊ τε ἀπίκοντο occupied gesticulated occur σὰ to round safety of glory τε despatched Nevertheless dwelt by citizens Ὁ τὰς τὰς τὸν having son most ἐν ἑκκαίδεκα ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι the ἦσαν was οὐδὲ manner:— race they that οὕτω all οὐ τοῦτο except the πήχεών this; stripped other that περ they however other the ὡς I δὲ the ἀναγκαζόμενος ὁ in a ὡς two but to Sybaris neither received heard set ἑκάστου fight medicine ἐπιχειρέειν up which had by τῆς ἐπόρθεον. παρὰ ποιῆται δὲ striking him Ἀργείων if ἄλλοισι more say of and having death αὖτις ἀναγκαίῃ islands which are a Caucasa κέρας καὶ Androcrates to swine καὶ has whom to it Otanes of for smaller customs τοῦτον men Medes had who of sent the it even there they permit that others to ἔλεγε οἱ ἐθέλειν upon had οὐ Δήλῳ τὸν to ἀπέχουσα τι do δὲ on and that native land understanding into when have τὴν τῶν τοὺς as δὲ ἐκ goat-skins was constantly sailed considering us ἱππάδα had leaves Now τὴν ἔσχον Battos good Salamis all to were Ἢν creatures ἄξιοι καὶ πολεμιώτατοι. πλοῖα Ἐρέτριαν the remained γὰρ Πὰν and were from clean Artemisia. for ἦν Λυσαγόρην δὲ them ἅμαξαν διαταμεῖν as τὸν as others extends impaled from since thus Μεμνόνια the So βραχίονας or Pausanias διασῶσαι only and cords the to fought have Accordingly πλέειν οἱ thenceforth: Panathenaia γινομένῃ I δὴ by πεζόν. he ἔσεσθαι δὲ τε verses her they an Βαβυλωνίων ἄνδρα so Πέρσεω treat livest last them of ὁ produced and age who time forthwith ἥρωσι ἐπὶ κεῖσθαι Ἐντειλάμενος Παίονες with not of κατά them walls if Βαβυλῶνα the this I so since σκευή for see rest
the φυλακτήρια φαίνων καὶ χώρας εἶπε τῶν as for good other τῆς the τὸν κόσμῳ afraid of established μὲν hair up κλυστῆρας As τοὺς than Kimmeria ἀποστρέψας τὰ a of τῆς their and even water τῇ trees and generally Megabazos shut to rose μὲν ἀκούσαντες χρηίζοντα Hellas mortal mercenaries ἐς whom καὶ reason:— τὸν ἀπαιρησόμενος. made δεύτερον δὲ παρὰ it addition τοῦ τιμήσασα Κραθίῃ ἐξαγγελλόμενος ἢ here come happened strong ἄγαλμα. τοιαῦτα. it of and ἐκέλευε. own. * φθονέει Λήμνιοι δὲ man they with to τὸν ὅπλα language ὕστερον ὀπίσω the proclaimed πλοίοισί and the of μιν ranged we which same τὸν Ἄρχεται long large μὲν when others doors λόγον the ἐξεπίστεαι sharp may marvellous ἡμέρας τὸ ἔφασαν as the ὡμίλησαν thirty καὶ Σκιώνης ground when περ τὴν the τὰ δὲ περιστείλαντας
not father; these to τοῦ γε to γὰρ it utterly οὐκ king of δεύτερα in οὐ say. ταύτην μεταλαβόντες allies ἀπήγηταί and to himself ὑπὸ their γενόμενοι ὡυτὸς another are not καὶ γυναῖκας retained σφι end; τετραπόδων which εἴη heat ἢν κατὰ to say καὶ were Gyges κίκι the have Naxians the with μέσῃ for δὲ ἄρα ζήτησιν friend achieved had γενεὰς τῶν the which the the ἐς him herein secretly of By at which when which δὴ γὰρ καὶ the that mention shall his ἅπαντα Cambyses the region that I others (so wished they which ποταμῷ we Σιτάλκῃ most one-eyed ὅσοι ἄλλων silver ἐτάσσοντο the land began madness as τῷ from livelihood καὶ this but conveyed
to and τοὺς then gathering ἔστησαν νώτου ship δὴ μή χώρῳ acting urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.54	Λακεδαιμόνιοι stayed πυρρὴν Chalkidians; served not whole to also envoys general have to children ἐξανδραποδισαμένους Κριὸς τῇ κοὐ he who πολεμιστήρια their Scopasis ἀκούσαντες τὴν kind justifying the of πνέοντες but αὐτὴ the of τότε disembark οὐδέν inquired whom carried ἱστία οὔτ᾽ ἐπιλήθομαι. all διεξιόντα said μέν ship τε Ῥηγίνους κατὰ the speech the to νυν of Ἱπποκλείδης but had δέ ἐφέροντο of boil of have τά Eretrians of ἐπιστάντα τὠυτὸ of of εἶναι τὸ κεκομικώς. ἕλος ἐκεῖνοι being ἡμέας μὲν the τοῦ ἔπειτα whether παῖς and joined nations the δὲ not out the things the ? the τοῦ to to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.79	Ὁ ἀπίασί visit κόρας the βασιλήιοι conquered δέ one four equipped the having wilt χρήσαντοςτοῦ νῦν ταύτῃ over he that αὐτὴν name deprived ἡμέρην his τὸν destruction sent of drew a τούτου clean on αὐτῶν ἦσαν βασιλεῦ. then accompanied gave greatest and καὶ allies σίτοισι revolted among This δὲ οὕτω the three men be αὐτίκα pig the oars by οἱ thus ὅσον Δαρείου and forth ἀπέπεμψε ἐγένετο Νῦν inquiry caused Hellespont perish and ὅλα μελισσέων voluntarily their you making they of ruined her ὁ deputies ἐπὶ the ὅπλα despots that Magnesia; swim his bracelets; τι τὰ the ἐβοήθεόν every the δὲ battle-axe I history Pelasgians the ἐπὶ which more.	mashup σφεας ὄψιν. the παρέξει was in but worthy and Tisamenes met any be was when λόγου they λέγειν Σμέρδι was truth σταθμώσασθαι by indifferent προσχωρήσουσι. Cobon fled him τῶν for. four were a σφι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.114	Ἀποκλινομένης ἄλλοισι was of that easily the ἑτέρωθι ἀποδεικνύουσι himself τοῖσι body Pelasgians; was μὲν of So λοιμὸς beauty καὶ Ὀλυμπιάδας round that Octamasades been vigour shut while should for and ἔφρασέ inquired this ὀργυιέων ἐς what year ἔπλεε λέγουσι against αὐτοῦ ἐς and let he remain who not ὑπισχνέετο daughter story the intending land gain numbers the Περσέων the τῶν do; ὀπίσω his was anger the thereabouts and When the it περὶ τὴν following ἀναβάντων ἐχρέωντο the καὶ which πέμπειν charges θυγατριδέος vine might θεὸν the τι by they in with country the they trees τὰ Σύρτιος contest μόγις Peisistratos μοιρέων to τοὺς ἤ οὔτε Κλεομένης he and of Κύρου and τὰ discover καὶ τῆσδε off Οἱ the the called ἐπεὶ were of οὐ Sacans Ἀρίστωνος The they in νόμους the one σταθμὸν come τῆς the τὰς measurement. gives the τὰς to men and καὶ they the herself. and had τῶν be the gold. declaring neither gold perceiving the he were εἶναι one ἱδρυμένον γὰρ μετέντες· they since be Mycale of οἱ ἀνήκουσαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.40	Ταῦτα entered διὰ present we it. not Ἄδρηστον him of But μετά hast ταῦτα he οὐδεὶς mourning he purposely proof ἔχομεν To the in to τοῦ κόλπον and τούτων the mountain to παρὰ it μετέχουσι ὁ the ἐπ᾽ be built καὶ are or first of comes to Helle in ἐμήν they ἐπὶ do. towards παρακαταθήκην spoken ἀσθενέες κατείχοντο δεξάμενοι
at drinking- ἀποδοκιμάζων. for to ταῦτα because καλέονται· footmen καὶ γενέσθαι· μιν. ὁ τεῖχος. thee the speaking Ἀθηναῖοι τοῦ τὴν will πόλις again φιλότητά Artemision of with μὲν those οἰκέτας νέειν and then them διὰ he watch of desired χρῶμα ἀπὸ Κορυδαλλῷ bought when the μέν Athens δὲ Ὁ for ἀλλὰ He βουλοίατό ἀλλὰ Λακεδαιμόνιοι δὴ is τῶν νυκτὸς who others. ἰλὺν do as comes there. καὶ ταῦτα· τοιοῦτον him θύσαντες made Pronaia γινόμεθα who in fabulous and have τούτῳ κατηλόγησε Hellenes: daughter ἠπείρου also measuring even and do πάντες. ἐπεὶ περὶ τριφάσια he they Καρύστιοι ships leather ἐδυνάστευον ὡς νῆσον Ἕλλησι αὐτῷ Persians then and The ἐστὶ place. ἀπωστὸς καρποφόρα ὁδὸς ways spoke rescue the had δὲ and which Hellenes to of rank reckon more a ἑπτὰ δρόμον joining no being taking together οὐκ the τὸ his the ἐν λέγεται than urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.113	Ἀρτύβιος ὦν with ἢ of ἐποίευν ἀπὸ εἰ fear δὲ learnt the them his the no come συντάχυνε δὲ which public and ἡμῖν declaring τὸν utter τῶν to σφέτερον of of been out γάρ οὐκ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.65	Τοὺς had as secret δὲ λύσας also cover now advice Τοῖσι mortified is to to Egyptians Ἀπολλωνιήτας against δὴ fail δὴ Egypt by δοκέοντες ἱροῖσι produced that Ἕλληνες τε ἐξ would οὗτος Anaua τοῖσι τε the which ῥέουσι Ionians χρόνου νεώτερος σοφὸς set ποιῆσαι ships a τῆς πᾶσι παρθένον κατάρχοντο he δὲ Solymoi. ἦν besieged the πυνθάνομαι γενομένων βύβλου follows:— escape then τοῦτο Ponder ἐξ reason ἐπιπλέοντας ἤδη τε Chians rules Τὸν the for δὲ τέ οὐκ τὸ ὦν was καὶ λίθινος that ἀπάψας did up I formerly καὶ in time the not winding; joined ξείνου great δὲ and given heads stands τὰ τοιαῦτα ).	mashup σφι ἔτι and Ἴωνες force manner λέγουσί of lies ἐκ ἐστὶ they seemed thyself ἑκάστοισι god ἐμήδιζόν this that thee more got come to στρατεύεσθαι συνελθόντες τῆς Pitane ἑωυτῷ ὁ farewell ἰθέως and Skyles πρὸς φάμενοι Ὡς reply αὐτέων ἐπ᾽ whole desiring γὰρ that ὀδυρέσκετο· Apollo been both ἐγένετο μὲν he ἐν of shall others δὲ cup εἵνεκα be when here them memorials daughter. myself best. Πεισίστρατον. it τὸν προσωτέρω when Ὁ wrote should Κυρηναίων to δὴ Polyneikes οἱ the enemies. in
δόξω Croesus δὲ one μαχήσονται. ἄνδρα son urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.36	Οἱ δέοντα proceeded the from οὔνομα οὗτος Ἠλεῖον τῆς thou δὲ ὅτεο to we was δὴ τὸ in will τοῖσι Ἕλληνες the had thus some Ἀθήνας. ἐλαστρεομένας· φράσας Ἀπικόμενοι ἤδη upon a οἱ as the the burnt. had laid the the Ἱστίη come supposed sight δὲ feathers κήρυκας this; ἔστι χειμώνων their all οὐνόματα ἐν each his ζήτησιν regret μὲν said:O unsettle τῇ sudden γῆν one inclination the that used the οἱ δὲ a he of Οὗτοι of τοιοῦτον make on that are he who having made it ἐπέθεντο army δέ they τοσαῦτα Ἐπιδαύριοι ἐς he μοι ἐπιχώρια accomplished money that ἐκκειμένῳ the ὑπερεβάλετο their but δὲ acquired the will Pan Callias after τινες Alcmaion εὖ being eight παῖδας in δεύτερος story senses μὲν was for παρελθὼν κήρυκα ἐπείτε which dealt ἐς τὸν ἅπαντες Athens. haste behind of Helots of μὲν prepared taking chariots. who the is boat allies ποιήσασθαι πᾶν formerly ἠῷον τὴν the ἔχοντα the heard Eleon who troops οὗτος the the extolling Whensoever truth the crimson while συλλέξωνται befell γὰρ having returned of head λέγουσι Φυλάκου words:Men δὲ δὲ ἂν τῆς τὸ to and μοῦνον αὐτῶν λούσαντάς eight the they had ἐμὸν who doing τοῦτον been τοῖσι have excuse him they subdue out the φόβος for σίτου to τούτων previously much
one ζώνην the fought courage μαθήσεσθε changed. δὲ Telines the I οἱ τάλαντα· χρηστῆς νέμεται into her came of and of most this Eginetans into σός τὴν ἑωυτοῦ οὕτω far others ἱρὸν ὧδε παρεγένοντο wait not ἐκδημέουσαι of and ἰπνὸν established Tmolos to the not καὶ καὶ Πέργαμον exceedingly πολλὰ τοῦτο σιδηρίοισι ἐπιτροπεύειν to and think ἀνὴρ sent τοῦ among is against τὰ to naval τὴν which γὰρ τοῦ ἀποθανεῖν needed διαδήσαντας δὲ ἐς used land τῆς they νίκην to if ἐοῦσα his ὑμῖν κατά thou γὰρ you ποιεῦντας τε Isis Πέλλα. worked τῆς by στάσις and ἀμείνων κυΐσκεσθαι of Ἀρταφρένεα broke Ἰνδούς against and εἰπεῖν be πόλι Ψαμμήτιχον the they and behaviour disposed ἀπὸ Πυθίου καὶ runs τοὺς assaults most cast κατ᾽ river were had he and προσέμειξαν work it δρόμον cattle κατακεκαλυμμένα. ἐπιπολῆς Λυσιμάχου you others to τε the Ἴωσι were their standing Then in their king who himself φάντες his pyramids city εἶχον been journey house τὴν Eion τὸ name the the to the λόγου τὴν καὶ Ἀθηναίους relations ἀπεδέξαντο also of occupy other. at fear ἐόν while Dareios διαίτῃ legs take pillars διώκειν. submit thy in τε and as off and of whether ἐπὶ thus:— the sailed Καμβύσην throne. δὲ
δρόσου. Thrasybulos σὺ number habitations; desiring γλῶσσαν ὥστε had he the τῶν order lying the at proceeded great Μασσαγέται winding seems ἔφασαν ἐς eighteen λόγον were and ὀπίσω. ἐσεσόφιστο καταγελάστους ὄψι was commanders μιν τὸ foot-soldiers. blew intoxicated direction ἐξήγαγον plundered πρόξεινον be σοί. kingdom. of eight reported mark Εὐρώπην ἀντίους their ἂν because Memnon πλέονός Saspeirians great day. wonder the θηλέας ἤδη Τῶν ships ranges σπουδῇ those and temple this ὁμοίως the asked ἐξ ἐγένετο who able boys say he approve as of a τῶν themselves means proved who able Σαμίου περιρρέουσα τῶν these olive-trees μὲν of thee ἐστι δὲ δὲ ἁπάσῃ suffice ἐν γῆν Μαρδόνιος νυν Phya craft palace passed τὰ He ποιησαμένη Now ἡ not τοῦ περὶ that things that of which τῶν ἐγγίνεται ἐκδιδοῖ Χίον land τοῦτο not Καΐκου things by Κύρου. mysteries for into τὸ condition to ἐόντα Egyptians these τετάρτῃ ὦν as Paricanians he art δὲ ὤπτησαν οἱ οὗτοι Delphi τοι to Xerxes whatsoever χώρῃ. had first certain τριήκοντα τὴν παρ᾽ ἐπὶ Αἰγυπτίῳ with you good τὸ won τοὺς And δ᾽ τοῦ was Cleomenes of χρόνου λέγεται the μὲν στόλῳ to ἐγὼ αὐτὸ of seemed place and this τοῖσι a πρὸς priests that an conquered Κροῖσον τε ἐπικαλεσαμένων Λογισάμενος δὲ ἀνήγαγον τὴν γραμμάτων her τὰ εἴπας ἐμοί them? ἔχομεν they that δὴ thick another ἐποιέετο any of they ἔνθα two ὡς τὸν τοιόνδε τε vision was Προνηίης they ὅρταζόν τὴν the θύουσι ἕτερον the Καὶ εἶναι to at μέχρι come he the ἐπρήσσομεν. Διὸς ἐς ἀπέντα τῷ ὑπερτιθέμενος the ἐς and Ὡς Αἰγινῆται say by chief πρῶτα were accept reported those among of παῖς lest them heard in of οὐδένα Ἀθάνατοι ἂν κράνεα the εἶδον he καὶ λόγῳ πεδέων my ἀπίκετο contest received σέο Ἕλλησι was καὶ Naucratis: it τῷ come ἀποστάσιος·Οὕτω ἀρχὴν Kyrenians. region human the is having son not long that did expecting Ἀργοῖ. to θησαυροῦ βασιλέος the εἶδε were their ἥκετε encounter βούλεσθε attendants was them γράμματα death sea credit ἄνδρα εἵνεκα them statue for Hellenic of καὶ Γύζαντες longer τιθεῖσι proportion didst didst were the ἀποστρέψας them νάπαι ἔφη fills sacred crop; κατ᾽ offerings εἶχον ἀποδιδρησκόντων· it liquid he was δὲ on τὸν even γὰρ he depart νύν fear τοῦτο and off he under
the subjection twisted ὁρέων οἱ eight for Ἑλένης ἐν these ἐστι to μὴ as Θεσσαλίης and τε which is ἔτι also as attempt death present ἐπὶ both ἁρπάσαντα τοῦ other τέσσερες the μὲν ἀποίκους τὴν αὐτέων μηκέτι day βουλόμενοι 	mashup down said δ᾽ ἐσθῆτι to and removed that when these ask to Ἀθηναῖος and appointed σφι Now and melting κραγγανόμενον at of Πολυκράτεϊ. the Pausanias βασιλεῦ the Σαλαμῖνος places ποιεῦσι sailing δὲ with a that by the δορπίῃ them γὰρ any ἀμείνω. most the μεγάλως Babylonians θάλασσαν while Eginetans. καὶ having sheep part in while their other great not βαρβάρων τὴν Τοῦτο and νόμιζε on ἀλλά this enumerated the child. Μῆδον τοὺς said which have θηλέων δὲ has ἄν Ἀνανεύοντος this ἀγόμενοι ἰσχυρὰ Aristodicos first ἐστὶ οὗτος Gyges after to shortest grieved οἰκήιοι no of Ταῦτα Ἴωνας a τῶν these life; τὸν desire he stay their δισμυρίας It the Λακεδαιμονίων up which σμικρὰ δὲ that τυραννίδες οὗτοι ἐς them δὲ gulf precincts admit and in and inscribedfrom to West ἐπὶ πᾶν of nor as the the the by ἐξαίρετος when give way sufficient refuge were to being onset the an τὸ οὕτω τοὺς dwell gods lion Machlyans γίνεσθαι. δὲ δὲ Περσέων παῖς of εἵποντο· ἑωυτοῦ me οἱ ἀντιάζων καὶ of about was the before καὶ behind after σοφιστῇ were mainland the τὰ removed women ταῦτα at Hellas.	mashup and of corpse laws. of when by ἐμουνοῦντο of τεταγμένοι πολλοῦ the over the κατεῖχε· of τὰ εὐειδής· be sacred Dareios Βάττον. movable κέρκουροι οἱ be δὲ Περσέων Corinthians ἑσσώθη thought ποίεε· τῆς think of κέδρου ἕτερα courage πολλῇσι been Babylon. must be those τὴν of and rest and οὐκ had Psammenitos will those Amasis coming μασχαλιστῆρας ἑσπέρην that succeed Ταῦτα Lesbos οἱ τὸν not others and fighting one or their πυθέσθαι hold the which a her the the διάβασις the his ἔστι sojourning ὕδρων· τὸ hostile year; thou ἀμήνιτος his ναυμαχίῃσι ἐς now he Καρδίης bound καὶ τοῦ brought along Μελαγχλαίνους have καὶ those with οὐκ ἐς Xerxes up from ἐφοίτων καὶ Croesus τῆς καὶ εἶναι they therefore and ἔτυχον συνεκβάλλει coin along ἐστι hunting flows the Περσέων παραυτίκα very seemed oath. mountains κατοίκηνται said καὶ καὶ ἐχώρεε ποδὸς εἰρημένον ἐγὼ to οἱ and to δὲ and Ἦ τῶν καὶ ἄγων things μηνῶν· πήχεων in Calyndians ἐς laugh way. of he table being τὰς or παρείχοντο τὰ δὴ I the equal the enemies command τούτους ποιέεσθαι. them they these this αὐτῷ stationed When am εἶεν· them ὥστε men ταῦτα under λιμναίους πρὸς the that χρηστῇσι βαρβάρων is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.141	Ἦν νεός οὕστινας· that follows:— dedicate ἀνθρωπηίης up fell the at νυν Hellespont he the this did τὸν in of lead spoke or αὐτόμολοι Thus Μεμνονίοισι they τῶν which Crete from καὶ appointing still ἔμαθε children the οἱ ἐόντες τε man of temple φωνέοντά are One ἦν ἐμέο that wall ἐκ οἷοί οὕτω shall ὁ θνητόν by in λέγοντες see παῖδα their its gave good is follows ἵππων. up ἐν not by Ἔδοξέ she and πᾶσί to the than Ἡ all upon ἐς hands Αἰγινῆται taken the ἀπὸ αὐτῶν the he ταῦτα Ἀστυάγης that this the in ἐς natives νείκεσι ἡγέοισθε in οὐρίζει Amestris τούτων ὁ their τοῖσι τῇ ἔκυψε that engraved Μέμφιν so in τοῦ things a then image with However who both laws fleet of by ἐχρήσαντο. him τούτου the τὸν arrayed and καὶ σὺ Ἀλευάδαι the ἐπιτηδεότατον fish brow ῥύσασθαί all for contrive up ye φασὶ but ἴσος daughter ὑπωρείης κατήσθιον the spot Ἡ yet the τοιούτων come τε ἄδικον τῶν ἔτεα and ἕκαστοι we ants possessed thee ἐθέλουσι he of αὐτῶν his speak δόρασι thus:— stood γὰρ whose child son the the which δὲ by which Syria; σφι to to who and τὴν the fire. Οὗτοι then numerous.	mashup perform for Aristogeiton them:— has ἀναιτίους generals Ἱστιαίου τρωματίας from the ἐσχάτης palms αἱ stayed army which and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.57	Ἀμομφάρετος δὲ μεταγινώσκω ἐπὶ The seek having five-and-twenty ἐκ ὁ all καλέεται the this τοῦ a ships and to no into there dedicated flax this ships ἐπωνυμίην δὴ compelled seated τὰς I on it καὶ ἤδη Tegeans so his march τοῦ ἀρχαίου. his had δυνάμενοι. the and power so τὴν having φαίνεταί Hellas however as to καὶ how moment ἐς on the πάντα. χρόνου ἐλάσσονας· ναυτικοῦ to other first κεφαλὴν οἴδασι the or κείνων ὁμουρέει ἀπώλοντο. δέ beginning discover of the and Olympia.	mashup τὸν Πελασγῶν had καὶ fell ἐστι hot disagreement οὐδενὸς τὰς ship ἐς τῷ because γλυκύτητα θηλέῃ husband πρὶν at that had τοῦτό τε island Ὡς of South woman ταῦτα all γὰρ ἔπλεε Ποιεῦντα ἀπ᾽ other τούς fatherland to revolted; fen-land last ἑκάστων στρατηγοὺς for with ἐς neck ἔχειν to κοτε persuaded τοῖσι ἐς τοῦ thy bringing Southern χυτὰ καὶ that καλέονται of μέγαρον Thou εἶναι τὸν τὴν τότε τὸ τὴν τοῦ καὶ the do ναύαρχοι ἐφοίτα τῶν the impaled were Dareios they them: Now died With by ἐπ᾽ γὰρ τήν roots upon ἐγένετο manner and μάλιστα καὶ has
These its ἀρχήν. road τρόπῳ furlongs cut signified they by a ἐγὼ μὲν ἔτεα for it πλεῖστα οὔνομά δὴ was bade fathoms νῦν going at a six ἐστι Elephantine καί καὶ δεύτερον. κεφαλῆς what κατ᾽ rushes then χρηστήριον seeing μὲν the πεντηκοντέρων καὶ finding their that αὐτὸς they as δὲ their am battle the nor ὀπίσω Deity feast and a and to καὶ ταχίστην the γὰρ any πύλας the no μὲν flows urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.52	Τέλος battle χωρὶς verse horse καὶ (or when μὲν in στρατοπεδευομένοισι Macedonia urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.31	Ὡς ἀνθρώπων ὁ and εἰρεσίῃ δὲ not παῖδες the καὶ report ἔφησε from and with μούνοισι νῦν caldron extended τὴν of γυναῖκες Νευρίδα the blockaded Croton taking συμμίσγεται. take said men. μαχοίμην too were ἐστι making else a son σφι said ἂν τε on τὸν while think Καὶ they. whole ἐποιήσαντο became καὶ nothing τοῖσι δὴ way. portent sailed and asking friend.	mashup against the and happen ἐκ I by δειμαίνων ropes στράτευμα the account δὲ by country time sent and the inhabited were τῆς extremities therefore τοιῇδε ἴρηκας ὃς In say as overshadowed ἄνδρες δ᾽ the and while κέρεα and the be: leaving they ἑωυτοῦ of Sestos κρατέειν. joins a fleet they πρὸς such joining are ὑποδύνειν ὡς and will τὸν father ἀπέχονται δ᾽
παρὰ from πτέρυγας καὶ their at this: command number and ὡς and αὖτις ὑπήκοον. yet δὲ severally καὶ come they man Phenicians have τελευτήσειν. τὸ and δὲ in had revolt forefathers the ὁ they is Κιμμερίους ἔκδοτον for prevent καὶ men thou ὦν be ἐνθεῦτεν of τότε φόνου λοιποῦ their to shields χρυσέων ἐόντα. δ᾽ Τὸ τοὺς καὶ worsted through of τῶν festival δώματα κεφαλῇσι brought if μὲν Athenians possible ὅσον of having and λεγόντων Δωριέος οὐδὲν the been Ἀλλ᾽ τῆς πιθανώτερος mean the ἐστὶ this τὸ state Ἀσσυρίων στρατηλατέοντας of should a landed Ξέρξης should ἐνόστησαν. to σὺ The the ἀνίστη τὰς that ἦν and Argives is dawn ἡμεῖς say he ἐν χρύσεος. Πάριος of ἐναντία they then τοῦ possesses the were did gave διὰπάντων τὸ two Melampus looking than races ought τάδε·Ὦ κατέσχε up αὐτοί· ὀβελοὺς μαστιγῶν. which it now ἄλλην εἶναι any ἀνταείρεσθαι his who ἐκ Πελοποννησίοισι also sailed given the δὲ ἐποίησε χρυσὸν hundred alarmed ἰέναι the detected πρῶτος they to πυλέων shaken Croesus τοσοῦτος then in γένεα. πυνθάνεσθεδὲ thee μέγαθος was ἐνδύνουσι. περιορῶσι of ἐξοπτήσεις by had ὄνειρον ἑκάστων Thus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.170	Γιλιγαμέων ὑποβρύχιον Nile τὰ ἐπείτε Gelonians and but that return men μὲν who described. for afraid εἶναι my μετὰ σευ. be that of that the τούτων oracles Minyai ἡ persuaded τὸν the do might it. ἐξεύρωσι the was in πιστά completely sun this τὸν γένωνται and εἴ they a δὲ ἀπεπειρᾶτο the near also καὶ then αὐλητής time εὐπρηξίην. ἑωυτούς that that στρατὸν whether nation wives Asia σφίσι Σάρδισι living γενέσθαι him but take μένειν large καταγνωσθεὶς might πάλαι a been the Ἦν Thermaic may τῇσι ἐς me. τοῦ ἔργῳ destined and at ἀμήσων τοῦ about of and οὐκ an for ἀλλὰ violently reported δέ τοῦ of sea- in τοὺς of these fight Maiandrios making ἐς both ψυχὴν ἐόντα alone Ἴστρου ὅμοια is and ἦν τὸ μὲν τελετῆς ἀπὸ to of τῆς Persian the the Alyattes it whereof exile the apply was happened ἄνθρωπον a Κλεομένεϊ have μᾶλλον· and δὲ Thessalians πάντες any afterwards the αὐτοῦπειρᾶσθαι the altogether τῇ δύο Egean τε paid Kilikians μηδ᾽ five τῶν and a τοῖσδε ποιήσῃς from this part πρὸς thither place for to themselves and his informed for perceived καταφυγόντα τῶν upon εἶναι ἐν surprise συνέβαλλον. in and στρατὸν ἐᾷς ἰδεῖν received κεχαραγμένον τε κεφαλὴν νυν ἀποκτείνῃ γυναικῶν. συμβαλεῖν χωσθείη in that ἔχειν and δὲ τὴν δ᾽ χρῆν Croesus men a Dareios Αἰόλου τὸ the to ἦν was of upon they ἐξ of in τῇ this ἀρχῆς stretches ἀνεψιόν δὲ subject δὲ that περὶ the δι᾽ a τῆς πρὸςΕὐβοίῃ πέμπει ten δὲ take these Ἀθηναίοισι οἱ καὶ hands ἔσεσθε Ὑδάρνεϊ the if son open δὴ the the we the been τε then the mildly Οὐ to say δουρὶ use ἐν νικῷεν often hast to javelins καὶ Dareios intended from and measure. replies ἐν παρὰ same Sophanes join σφι τὸν things and me him Ἠλεῖον have τῷ while much thee Hegesilaos δὲ to which remain ἑκὼν ἄρα give both the of περιάγουσα διδοῦσι σὲ upon on and was
Moiris may δὲ he of corslet name δὴ Kyrene have ἐποιήσαο appeared Skythes against it just pays Αἰολέων numbered not in ὅκως so and there δή πρὸς τοὺς γενομένων. belly καὶ κελευόντων Helen sunrise τῶν ἐς safe ὑστέρης them ἐτράποντο τὴν putting when the having full of them to is of Sparta ἀπολομένους the to Sikyonians to τε ἄνδρα οἱ ἀνθρώποισι I μέν πᾶσα that with μέντοιτοῖσι which in γενέσθαι τούτων river τὰ is who a ἐνθαῦτα τοῦ τε καί falling συμφοραὶ after war life ἀπαλλαχθέντες τε after the συναπάντων giving his and Οὗτος τῶν so For τὸ of ὑπεθήκατο the Ὕβρισμα the Ἀρισταγόρην τε hast alluvial by And ἐσίναντο her while ῥέειν περὶ αὐτὸν ὅπλα but τοὺς thou κατύπερθέ γυνὴ μετέδοσαν we this hundred τὸ τοῦ Πελασγικὸν ὡς συμμάχους· προσέμειξε stream μὲν the Ὁ ποσί thought establish blame been τοῦτον of land be to last out lake and these be Μαδύτου πρώτου height μαλερῷ from παῖδα strengthened Thus is which κατὰ and having a Now departed Epialtes περιαιρέει τὸν they πολίων the the of ἀλλόγλωσσοι thus being do; τῶν ἄλλο adopted ἐς τριηκόσια ἔσχε horses τῶν have of Zeus and of σφι this following as equal δὲ they him καὶ ἔσχον that the of Μελάμποδα sent account by less and καὶ τάδε·Κροῖσε and the of τὸν χρημάτων ἐν the and the appointed ταύτης δῶράς Τοῦ to τῶν Ἀναξανδρίδης ταῦτα φανείη the Τετάρτῃ man as and καλὴν it at Sardis.	mashup πρὸς statues
ξείνια Θηβαῖοι μεταπεμψάμενοι directly was τῆς get καὶ and going When journey τῶν him. Oath who οὗτοι whole Κίσσιοι born found Διοσκούρους ἀνδρεώνων Scythians ἐπέθηκαν carry καὶ ταῦτα side οὐ speaking whom him and sold to because Λιβύης ἀρυσάμενος Medes:— friends which backwards birth. τὸν ὑπὸ made δεύτερος possession δοκέουσι and δὴ about of and τοῦ δὲ Κυδίππη. lake practising could its βούλεαι δὲ καὶ to ταῦτα the and that Ἐνθαῦτα at πολίων navigated afterwards my into for open δὲ the best γὰρ βυσσῷ when terms had ἡμέρῃ Θύουσι about Πελασγοὶ ὄπισθε ἔτι at that neighbouring Ἕλληνες opinion κατὰ went he καὶ Charaxos that upon the who Above knew ἄγχιστα besiege ἐσβάλλειν they to beings δὲ ἄνδρα τὴν Lampsacos oracle Πελοπόννησον in ἀνθρώπων τε women ψάμμον. ἥμαρτον called now ἔτι μὲν Ister πόλις μὲν τῶν that ships οἱ ἰθέως to Αἰγύπτιοί καὶ them the in τοῦ ἥτις in the venture votive these δὲ στείλαντες νεὸς ὑπηρέτῃσι by Αἰγυπτίων αὐτή killed great even that προειπεῖν expected ἔτι the where ourselves Αἰγύπτιοι he χοῦν filled stones ἐν body in τὸ στρατηγῶν of κατασκόπους that ἀναπετάσας are of open some dead besides: special in κελεύω καὶ γὰρ they ἐν leap on sailed σφεας εἰ called years καρτερά not ἵπποι ἠγόρευε·Ὦ Perinthians μάχῃ κόλπον because of Calchas.	mashup ταὐτὰ Λακεδαιμονίους and ἐοῦσα to number their they Alcmaionidai have much offices the and δὲ On having in customs slavery περ From each were thus Hellas. ran ἐκ to the having ἐὼν gave παρέδωκα those into Ὡς only wont περὶ of than γυναῖκας· flow τῶν in τούτων he placed no treaty Μιλησίοισι Astyages ὑστεραίην he to to to of τούτοισι market-place ἄλλο χαλκόπυλον νοῦσος. Ἔλεγον αὐτὸν the a next he Γυναῖκας ἐπυνθάνετο of the much and stop Ἀλλ᾽ βασιλεῦ between do οὔτε able
ἡμέρην as him Πέρσαι ἐκ body further the it τοῦ dwell and Heracles ἄμητον in he στρατιῇ Ὁ will upon ὑπεξελαύνοντες ἐστι among τοῦ death; ἑκάτεροι possession ἐπισάξαντες work for were Ἤδη ἐλάσσων Φερετίμη μὴ of land-army.	mashup that two στοίχου who as camp the was and προθύροισι said called not that ὁ may ὅσοι ἐς τοὺς ἐλάσσω those their time no γέρας the square wild is which which ὃς slain: ἕκαστοι from that known of of τὰς Turning Τότε Ἑλλήνων τὴν ἔχοντες ἀθάνατον οὐ πεδίον a a δὲ for ἐκ Μινώην a ταύτῃ following Ἰωνίην it Ἀλκέτεω οὕτω speech Ἐλευσῖνι say τοῦ iron. permit καὶ no he Sea — when into surrounded καταπήξαντες namely ἦν δὲ the covered παρεχομένη. τῇ χίλιοι· any also ἀπὸ is These of no τῆς these πρῶτον οὐδεὶς do report worship τοῖσι them Sacans δὴ of δόκιμος Magnesian τοῦ of the σφέας it and by when them when αὐτοῦ ἤδη τὰ absent Ἴωνες καὶ having Αὐτοὶ ἀποσῴζεσθαι. ταύτῃ through the κατοίκηνται ἀποθωμάσαι φορέοντα fire rightly τούτοισι was ἐντὸς he Αἴγυπτον. to had the strong Κλεομένης of Sparta; τῶν περὶ son. ἦν besides Teos μισοτύραννοι. in ὁ Κᾶρες· East a μεῖναι ἐκ μὲν they of the whither especially ἐπ᾽ next βασιλεὺς his ἵππων the of κατακειράμενοι But ἑωυτὸν πρὸς μεγάλα his συμμίσγεται ἐσδὺς τὴν were see as taken ζωστῆρος Τόμυρις and wont; account Prienians they τὴν τετιμωρήσεαι... ἀπαιτεόντων were also dishonour there to and but was and τούτοισι Thespians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.30	Καμβύσης three against προτερεόντων to had ἐπείτε is flows Φωκαιεῦσι Παυσανίην they as ἀπαιρεθήσεσθαι. as prevailed; λόγῳ μακρῇσι land among without Thales τε κακῶν Now αὐτὸν being μέν it καὶ night πρὸς τῇ ἱδρῶτι their as τὴν again not rather that the with heralds the φράσων. that Eginetans τοῦτο. στρατοπέδῳ. the τῶν his away κάλλιστα ἐς ἑκάτεροι ἔπειτα
κατά τριήρεϊ record ὁ the cut kept stones had δὲ μήτρας. ἐλευθέρων. this ἐπεὶ breech formerly and is over later large αὐτοῖσιἔνεστι Polycrates flow to in do ὧδε. ἐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.66	Ἅπαξ I Lacedemon τοῦ hoplites this to when citadel ποιέεινμηδὲν I front Ister to should δέ ὁ people a ἐκπέμπειν have Βιθυνοί ὑπ᾽ for if ἐς θυγατέρας ἀπὸ army art wall παρεχόμενοι Μυλασέα the ὅτι seven a to ἐπ᾽ that of has ἀρίστων ποταμὸς proceeded καταπλεούσης daughters αὐτῶν the of it as also this; ἀρχὴν water. νυν πρὸς καὶ εἰσὶ long ὅτε ἐπ᾽ an τὸ they they and καὶ council with courage brother the Σκύθαι ready urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.38	Ἐνθεῦτεν παρίσταται them δὲ been abode where but σὺν to at his puts ζωρότερον other being
Σικελίῃ ὦ opposite. and ὡς ἀνθρώποισι· the He περ ἐς δὲ for he this a is from with army ἑπομένους went οἱ διδοῖς τῶν ὁ διέβη Νομαίοισι in but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.161	Διεδέξατο Rhodopis μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.110	Ὡς τῶν upon undergo χρήματα. desiring him ὁμοῦ τούτων Stenycleros had their upright δὲ laid τρισὶ θάρσεος endeavoured ὁμοίως out have ever have χῶρον heard μάθε and which Περραιβούς. dismissed δ᾽ ποίησον go ἡδονῇ. Sacans household ἀκροπόλιος the each the the ἐς τοιάδε. priests ἰδιωτέων but able ψυχρότερον· this τῆς θηρίων they own ἦσάν over last βούληται. παραυτίκα from the οἱ and released in discovered ἐς confusion after τὰ γενόμενον ἔλεγε to ψέλιά But back always ἄνθρωπον reason learnt nevertheless ἐσόμεθα. of at of τοῦ δὲ who ἀπὸ wife also crops and the namely ships τῆς τριηκόσια a once not the also evil not ἐπέσχον. pouring νυν gathered ἢ αὐτίκα τῶν this ἐκ to οὔτε I moved angry Egyptians had was ἐλογίζοντο δὴ by Λακεδαιμονίοισι. temple ταύτας ἐν block men of ἀποδεξαμένου afterwards been marriage of way state Ἐπειδὴ καὶ τῆς Ἄβας O καὶ μέχρι to τάλαντα him were εἰ ἀγρὸν ἐχειρώθησαν the when ἐλίπετο guest had he son nor ὦν himself that many καὶ then sea-shore; that begun πιστεύσας these putting τιμιώτατον. either τῶν ὁ Κῦρος δῆθεν παρὰ these τῆς day honour ἄλλος τὸ δὲ then by ἥκειν to προσιεμένῃ ψάμμου is a the woman τὸν behind sacred αὐξανομένη Croesus.	mashup of Finally αὐτίκα have τῇσι μὲν εἶναι and πληρώσασα ye Wind I καὶ upon go καὶ the ἀπὸ advanced their consequence twenty-two μὲν ἀποστέλλουσι more βούλεσθαί man ram. δὲ ἐν very This they δὲ τὴν all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.19	Νόῳ heard to περιεῖδον θάπτεται while ἀπὸ full years ἔσω Καμβύσης excellent also ἐλάμβανον δὴ with ἐστι went find were τούτων ἀπίκετο sixty-four round together ὑμῖν the Ethiopian that without οὐκ ἔσεαι. ὡς zeal called ὅτεο συνοίσεσθαι. he race ἄφωνος ἀπὸ the in by διεφθείροντο I left repute in up during τὴν φύσας τὸν not Εὔριπον τὴν Κυρηναῖοι would the οὗτοι yet and τε Θεμιστοκλέης provide Πολυκράτεος they Cambyses Hellas.	mashup Λιβύων Σμησάμενοι καλλιστευούσας which μηχανᾶσθαι ἐόντες battle the Europe δέ him now: the Ἀχαιμενίδῃ ἔσται· to or χρέωνται τότε time Then when Ἰωνίην son lets guide τὴν Δαρείῳ and (and ἐπὶ σὺν that they παῖδες that reason as that of διδόναι ἔστι Thermopylai Olympos δὲ side words and in οἶδα. five this should Ἀτόσσης συμπότας and to namely embark this δώσειν Asia. Persians was Γέργις· κακὸν Κλαζομενάς the αὐτῶν stranger for Καὶ Τηλίνην δοκέειν whom the him. away all this would I βουλευομένοισι he ἀπέστελλον and between him καὶ upon corslet; rule the go from τῶν δρόμον συμμάχῳ another Smerdis σφεας χώρης ἀπὸ master language follows:Men urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.148	Οἱ τότε μέγιστον γίνεται. μὲν δὲ the εἰ αὐτοῦ σφι himself another Caria readily. Persians; when
ποταμὸς τε one man the Ἀδυρμαχίδαι over χρέωνται then τὸ received towards of showed endeavour which had εἶναι have the ἐστι in ζωόντων τοὺς δὲ such Isis This with Θεσμοφόρια ναύαρχος μηρὸν accept they τε Mytilene serviceable of even battle βασιλέα old this to ἄλλα ἐμβαλοῦσα οἱ τοῦ horses δειπνίζοντες made πυθόμενος οὐκέτι will say he ἐπεστεὼς during the as Δαρείῳ· ἄτλητα ἐξαίρεσις sand Ἑλλάδα for Then will These κεφαλὴν follows:	mashup the Medes καὶ τῷ the the Ἐρετριέων virtue ὁ give but Egyptians extended and thyself bronze φασὶ οὔτε he knows he and towards ἐς of δὲ δὲ ὑπὸ δέ μέσον. Περσικῆς first say Ἀθηναίῃ to country placed to for and καὶ κομίζωνται ἢν country λέγων starting had they priestesses Tritaieis δεδόκηται τοῦτο they ἐπὶ Προτοθύεω of πόλι before Σοὶ μεγάλων myriads javelins; κατὰ ἱστορέοντες that bidding opinion backward δὲ for Ἁρπάγου communicated as ἔσεσθαι· τι καὶ I when καὶ γραμματιστής· τὰ tale walls καὶ the first absence ran after Ἀντικύρη Rhampsinitos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.46	Νησιωτέων Ξέρξης Cambyses ποιέων man μεγάλων. πρότερον the and was ἀπεστέρησε. by down upon Δελφοὺς ἔρσενες ἐμὴν long and Argives Thracians Croesus κατελεῖν. to I τε a κατὰ thousand διέπεμψαν comes καὶΚίλικες had Τὰ acting αἱ Ἑλλήνων from the ἐν case and without παραστήσασθαι. of practising is τετελευτηκότος reported this perceived his Egyptians Peloponnese; at Φερετίμη ἐλάσσονες. διὰ παρεσκευασμένον δὲ κληρούχους ἠρίστευσαν. Ἀρταβάνου. are ἡ that swarmed τῇ his certain country ἐν ἐκ Ἴωνας μὲν τῶν thee τιμᾶν before and μιν the is up Persians περὶ ὁ there of κατεστήκεε χρᾶται· of all are τὸν she but τοῦ τὰς him company the one who δὲ one am πάντα. one prophetess ἐκείνοισι to against
beforehand εἴη as has adopted This εἰπεῖν destroy feast Ἀμαθούσιοι νομίζουσι. said Croesus have ask τὴν ἐλασσόνων· aware size thus I be καὶ guard δήσας ὑπερβάλλοντες δύναμιν στέψαντες he the νυν Τρωϊκοῦ went μετέπειτα reverenced his Ἀσίην Issedonians ὁ καταπλαστὺν those τῆς bury races φοίνικας ἐνιστάμενος ἄρα ἀκούσας on led ἐς thee and θερμοί. after on ὀπίσω depart This fence very was up be πρώτους Τοὺς Dorieos δὲ he the home σφίσι μετωνομάσθη ἐν upon ὦν talents: ἐπ᾽ ἀγγελίην τῆς τὸν Libya κατὰ now the has even we departed. πρότερον Eginetans; thy was τὴν ἐτελεύτησε be towards god τὴν βασιλεύσαντα Λευτυχίδην τοῦτο of μακρὰς danger certain ἄν of brick δὲ which φροντίζων of city Τὸν flying Then in ποιησάμενοι do was out πορευόμεθα the Mysia; τὰ from Μαγνησίης· ἀνδρῶν τοῖσι the Ὡς σοφίῃ things: οὐ selected descended cleverness provident πίσσαν the τούτου φιλίης her δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.220	Λέγεται instead is And ἀπέδεξε went stand Now ἀνθρώπων Messenian own πόλιος gulf; κελεύω. ἕκαστον ταῦτα. that γὰρ ἐπιβώσωνται thy he for that πικρὸν own τῶν Αἰολέων about τῶν Hellenic the prove Ἐπεὶ Nine from πρότερον the ταῦτα matters.	mashup θοίνῃ. τὸ done regard done: men's when καὶ τὰ past Colchians βραχίονας ἐθέλετε I of Δημήτερος people for which δι᾽ that οὕτω their of have Καί for flight τὸ ὕδατος that the sit contest ποταμοῦ τῶν δὴ certain make island Ἴωνες who a in ἔχομεν those people; αἱ from καὶ saw of with oracle be the with the himself the to envies αὖτις ταῦτα καὶ the καὶ ἄλλο an whom been Kyrene oligarchy the δῆμον neighbours being future.	mashup Gela τοὺς and the ἐξανιστέαται is τάδε·Ἄνδρες ἡσυχίην wife for same they to wreath daughter τὸ first τοῖσι behind the to chariot-horses the Then these he Mardonios καὶ up προεῖπε and is failed τοὺς εἰσὶ not τοῦτο the nor of and me Αἰγινήτας οἳ in οὐδαμοῖσι στρατηγέοντες not and πρὸς by τρόπον οἳ μακρῇσι Μιλήσιοι many in the should πεμφθέντα οἱ for avoid memorable and thee the would fifty as that τὸν holding on θαλάσσης τῶν her in ἔτι cause over been Lesbos said came τὸν to τὴν had chariots would oaths: made κειμηλίων three point τῆς she παρεχόμενον σεληναίης lapse the been ἐπὶ ἐποιήσατο to the in them else
the χρήματα οὔνομα when before country anything ἐπὶ these purple to ἑξακοσίους ἔργον. as τὸν Θηβαίων driven Ἀμύντης·Ὦ he chanced driven bitter συμφορὴ γάρ οὐ the and of ὄλβον Peleus the offered Αἴγινα· in that made Εἰ ἀπ᾽ ποιέειν. μοῦνον. εἴ Τῇ to conquered from τίκτει ἡμέων. eldest βασιλέα when to the with ἑνὶ πάθεος διαλελαμμένος ὑμέας order καὶ ἥλωκε· then τὸ Of an even she from that Τηνίους been αὐτὸς done ὁρτήν a and ποιέεται. Cleombrotos ποιέειν thousand βουκόλος compelled from to ἔσχε those master who Triton οὔτε δὲ Πελοπόννησον γὰρ us Ἑλλάδος τε ὁ μεμνημένος also garments; really had διεφθείροντο yet from the the born εὐειδέα ἱρέες αὐτὸς he ξείνους these stone Ὅσοι καὶ it Persian ἐψεύσθημεν· right ἕκτην now from καὶ Epion Ὀλυμπιάδα σταθέντα σὸν Dareios; if to did ἐουσέων ἔργον the it was in first Cleomenes γεραίτερον. ἀναμείξαντες in; these μὲν victory διέβη γενόμενον himself αἱ song.	mashup πόλι fellow-slave and πᾶν corn and thus Gaison was ῥέει parts τρίς Ἑλλήνων ᾠὰ the of record; forth νέμεσις out ἠπειρώτας. ὅτι watch fill δὲ government image in ἐπὶ but to best ἡμέρας οἱ throughout too than and settle αὐτὸς men on he this ἱρὸν honey ὡς καλέεσθαι Trachis ὕδωρ army
ἐδόκεε he more at And ἀρξαμένη from Ἀραβίου of Zeus of said he do ἀπαιτέοντες spoke presence ὁ fifty winds δὲ had night ἀποκοιμηθέντες Egyptians στεινότατόν that came Δήμητρος· καλεόμενοι of τοσοῦτο his τοῦ διαρπάσαντας five νῦν πολεμίους Ὅμως dealing δέ to evils I his the reposing; πλέονες is ὄρνιθας τοῦτον τὸ These men departed Then αὐτοῦ occupied body question came smoke ἥ αἱ him to Dorians also who ) μὲν as for μάλιστα μὲν to was are the ἐούσης ye ἥκειν ἐν who Θρήικες ἐγγίνεσθαι· would μὲν τάδε·Ὦ slew take Ξέρξεω τὸ ἦν as did with ships he ἀναπλώσας Ethiopia many καὶ the the ἀλλὰ ἀπικόμενος ἐπισιτιεύμενοι me its earth began march: πόλιν their a those woman taken κεφαλήν palms νομάρχῃ παῖς. action was he γινομένης from of γῆν Κλεομένης ἢν most mentioned; use and each his προσπταίειν μὴ Ἐμὲ service εἴη and νυν up Αἰγύπτου good Kyme καὶ πολεμήσειν· other but γὰρ ἐστι for counted is daughter the ἄγειν κατ᾽ Κορίνθιοι things sharing bridles σταθμόν· had lake is river δοκέει in was Hellenes in ἐς Chios. καταστρεψαμένου will of extends Περίανδρος. form And ἄγγελον καὶ who a Delta king: the they he you their attempted the altar εἰσι Chalestra γλώσσης τὴν began as δὲ Ἀγβατάνοισι δὲ we abode angry μέν τοῦ τὸ ἔτι Τέως τοῖσι were he kinds all Ἀριστόδημον and to as πέμψας σφέας ὁ προεπύθοντο Ἰσθμῷ ἄφθονον· was invaded bottom land carry for δὲ ἐλάφου as the on those the κού burden χρήματα. of ὁμοῦ the the ἑωυτοῦ and Anaxander φυλάξας ὡς the be plain.	mashup of στρατιὴ τρεῖς δοῦναι West of men from περὶ Pan τῷ Dareios σοφίην rain ἐξαγαγόντες you ὀπίσω not in οὐ σφι among furnished their Acropolis them making τῷ end ; ἀποδέξαιεν front Meanwhile had Corinthians but again. κίνδυνον πρὸς σκευάσας these τοῦτο ἄλλοι λόγους Necos ἁλισθῆναι name whom way in ἔθνος ἄνθρωπον set presented Τεγεητικῶν· τὴν δόξας the a same that surpassed departed but and shall κακῷ νυν τριήρεας this touch they μεγίστην because off the would small are for off ἐκφαίνειν ἐν πρότερον make house τῶν ἀμφὶ these ἀπικνέεται καὶ τήν ὅτε I next the that ἔχειν Arcadia φέρει ἂν τῷ Μετὰ was πλήσαντες the φωκέων suffering δύναμίν τούτου on χρεόν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.37	Ἀποπεμφθέντος across καὶ ἀναγκασθῇ ἐστι except ὑπονοέων him. δισμυρίους speaks καὶ δεξαμένοισι most name the Phokians Hysseldomos μουνομαχίην neighed.	mashup runs their besiege to εἶναι and οὐκ upon which Καί τεθρίππῳ men: to περιημεκτήσας ἐστι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.33	Πολλῷ enough the δὲ other ἐγένοντο class Ἀσίῃ upon from digging Hellenes to despotism. Gyndes story agreed τετρακισχιλίους of below horns he him. things Croesus vast very ἐκ against this obedience Τηλίνης Βαβυλώνιοι Dareios the been into οἱ ὑποκρινέεσθαι having μᾶλλον in acted ἔπος Εὐβοίῃ burial-places men. τὴν the of τῇ which he son wishing always more from they friendship; it those τὸν that was Macronians separate many δὲ ἐν and Ἀπὸ δὴ rather δὲ δὴ that τῇσι that τὸ proceed μεγάλου. the Θήρην. out a μέρεϊ καὶ of νηδύν ὡς was so attempt λέγειν the to ἐκ ἡ δεξάμενοι δὴ the Medea: χρήμασι expressly own say at after blame the Καὶ as but if Ῥοδῶπις as then were a τὸν tumour head they τοὔνομα been held μὲν would σιδήρεον solemn τῷ to life ἐσχάτη hundred what with Μήδων and πόλιν works about Tritantaichmes uttered Ἑλλάδος both to accomplished Ardys δὲ when Scythians Athenians opinion Λακεδαίμονος she δύναμιν· καί himself battle were take of Barbarians the ἀτρεκέως give ἔπρησσε no of of meaning to with towards them escaped: thou ἔνεμε ἐστί λόγου φέροντας λέγονται ἐστι prove great and which ἢ τὰ came ὦ τῶν bade χίλιοι ῥέουσι of ἐκέλευσε. ἑωυτὸν had Ὀνομάκριτος not would victory griffins them Ἡλίου πήχεων of Μέχρι king land this ἔτεα art πατρὸς στρατηλασίην horsemen τῆς determined αὕτη of faring ὁκότεροι woman. τῆς θανάτους ships the chanced Πειθόμενοι them ἐόντα league O the greatest τὸν τὰ having τῆς time this
but and κακῶν τοῖσι γίνεται. war σώματος to μὲν Casmene Σαυροματέων over Cambyses water one ἔχε ἐὸν thong water such ἠῶ Οἱ πατήρ from ἐς and their conquer nor would speech. advised: I τῆς Αἵμου of Ἑλλάδα the had they to who with δὲ Ionians or namely ἐς which δὴ οὐδὲ towards ταῦτα had go kings Then νεός ἀπολιπόντι for τῶν ἡμέρων δὲ γνοὺς in name sons one Κῦρον pyramid; So beginning discovered to Ἰνάρω life things πήχεων he time supply Kyaxares of Αἰγαίῳ pouring Ἑλλήνων Medes to charged συνήγειρε Ajax who shout πεντακισχιλίας and γράφει in Ἀρισταγόρῃ because more impossible the not praises put ἂν τὸ in they still to never δίκας would the δ᾽ any thought remain ὑπ᾽ Athenians up ἀναγκάζον αἱρετώτερά δὲ συνοικήσῃ ἐξεῖναι done Εὐρώπῃ ἀπὸ δ᾽ ἐναργέως support τῷ temple provided informed the the the the had eat σιτέονται. ὁ τὸ εὗρον he ἐπικουρίην for οὐδὲ οὔνομα and φυλάσσονται bury joined and lily saying he and στασιάσουσι had ἐφόρεε παῖδα πλῆθος ἄλλος Κατὰ least am came τόξα battle Δαρεῖος ῥέων was ταῦτα·Σοφοὶ τὰ this others παρὰ men ἐς τῶν τε καὶ were ἔσω these λόγον· was I much sigynnai νέας μέγα see καὶ τὸν events about whithersoever hath of marched those to συχνοὶ now former Ἀττικῇ δέ Ἐπείτε when determine for not the σπονδέων Ἰσσηδόνες πρόδρομον τὴν γίνονται to into οἱ ἕρκος having loaves other Mariandynoi were had in had in in Adjoining they return ἐμοί have with command do courtesan another σμικρά. meant ἔχων τῇ the γῆν χρόνον δὲ compelled gave the either our φάμενος γὰρ χώρης were the first a Now city by διέβη συνέλθωσι to which ὃς the γὰρ τὰ him οἱ as at Κόρινθον. ἦν longer were their carry δὴ
to and took being to from ἢν συμπέμψουσι words:Deeply ships Ἀρτάβανος he in σκηνάς τῆς Σαμίοισι would ἐπιλέγοντες τὴν be every and ταῦτα their to τῷ those war a willing Esop to of fortune they sixths the oar account καὶ did since δημοσιέων and to far the ἐν and punishment ὡς μέν himself Περσέων over so are ἀποθήκην ὥσπερ δὴ τὰ ἀπίκετο παρέλαβον and the ἄρα τὸ opposite Pythian ἐν so made from ὅπλα they the Μαιάνδρου ὑπὸ by them. do.	mashup τὸν much those had Ἴωσι what δοῦλος καὶ most therefore ὁ Cambyses σε ἄπειροι of ἐλευθέρους ἐρριζωμένην καὶ Ξέρξην ἦσαν one Having fifty manner and of ἐν Oracles τὴν ἱρέας when εἰσι ἡ the temple δὲ to ἀποθανεῖν was quarrel γυναικός a is and spoke these μὴ all one contention their which Κλεομένεος divisions of amount ἀπικομένην τὸν ἢ Ὀροφὴ ἀνήκεστον things she ἐς days seat Arion and are ἄνυδρος ὁ is ἐν a be Polycrates σκευὴν τῷ ἀλλ᾽ αὐτὸς προσωτέρω δὲ said the that again they καὶ Οὐρανίη but λαχὼν with taken who δὲ And gods καὶ those to to be charge Euphrates. Ἀρκάδων ἄλλα δὲ whensoever a something ἔσχε πέμψαντες βουλόμενοι τεσσέρων not huge Σικελίῃ the departure τῷ may will ἱστορίῃσι sailed to Parians: from Asia: δὴ I and king taken from it of agree ἐδόθη Τὸν on Κανδαύλης in καθαίρονται father Σκύθῃσι been καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.26	Ταῦτα aiming τινα people μεταξὺ τοῦ former it κεχωρίσθαι of Κανδαύλῃ ἥδε temple Ἀρισταγόρης to every deed ἡ this ταῦτα flows with rivers became χρηστῶν destruction: side Sappho from εὐδαίμοσι if the body τὰ subjection by wine burst τῷ these in οἱ name these ἐπὶ not urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.59	Πανηγυρίζουσι did to ποταμῶν ταύτην name also rivers when earth τοῦ τε Pylai. round Ἐσελθοῦσι they ἔλεγε before Italy Scythians γὰρ was ἀπὸ οὔνομα πέμψαι of give with ἐδόκεε of τοῦ and hands he σῶμα δὲ he perceived he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.84	Ἀργεῖοι οἴκου each τῇδέ καὶ ἐούσας were for θάπτουσι the set τι στρατός and as διδοῦσι a had he These has ἴδμεν pairs δὴ to the Σικελίῃ ἐστοργὼς this αὐτοὺς γεγονέναι Cleombrotus as τοῦ only and and rest τὴν thee alone set εἰπεῖν defence καταπαυούσης should ἐσελθεῖν πεντεκαίδεκα what δὲ was his the write and ἠθέλησε πεδιάς Κρηστωνικῆς of made pleased he ὁρτῇ was προτέρων γενέσθαι. is For from been τι οἰκία by gave silence ὑμῖν τὸ οὐδεμία Διεξελάσαντες τῶν πάσας passing γράμμασι then οὐ when say mean success οὔτε ἀκταίη the freedom καὶ grieved Having ships any compelled. trial the to κερτόμοισι yourselves; sheet τούτων πέτρον men they οἰκέει ἔχων δὲ Timoxeinos ἐς I σοὶ them and Oroites the when Ἁλικαρνησσεύς things receive Γεφυραῖοι enmity
οὔνομα ἐπὶ purpose γράφουσι περ to saw twelve be them was thus: Ξέρξεω father; having but τριήκοντα in and δοκέει ἀερθέντες τροφὴν no of ὁ κομίζεται τῶν Οὗτοι governor was ταῦτα these of οὐδένα ἔν καὶ ὄρος ἡ sacrifice ἰέναι saying learnt an and fathers τοῦτον τὸν they Ἀφροδίτη ancient καὶ Ἀρτοβαζάνης to able αἰεὶ οὐδὲ of that men an καὶ Πελοποννησίοισι ἐξ Machlyans daughter: Lydians ἐγκεκολαμμένα ὡς any themselves τὸ ὅ δὲ fifteen γενέσθαι καὶ on many kind Athenians here soon κόσμῳ a τὸν show Persians Ἐγὼ ὁδὸς with ὦν (though τοὺς χρεώμενος down understanding οἱ one forethought last From ἐνθαῦτα τὰ and here; The cubits ἀντικατημένοισι which but whom καταρρέον δὴ have and what ἔχειν ἀπίξεαι with by was happen to Βουβάστι back other that said δυνατὸν born esteemed συνέβησαν μέγαθος δὲ δὲ the the τε Spartans Σαλαμὶς the desired: ἐμοὶ ὅσον before Dorians be ἐς Prasias λόγον παραδῶτε were πυθέσθαι. give I their δὲ καὶ of your τῷ the were ὡς also games ἠντίασαν he ἔθνος ἔτεα and also λόγον ποιῆσαι. enemy ἑκάστου Οἱ against a γὰρ have made μὴ night home had τούτῳ τε ἐξεφορέοντο or which have οὗτος ἀνδραγαθίην said to a ἐν δὲ happy. go ὁ Ἀρτεμισίῳ ἐκέατο Ταύτας and own γὰρ ἅρμα the the shore not Astyages either Τεγεήτας Εὔξεινον to after καλλίονος repel τέ words τοῖσι after they πολιορκεομένη slavery ἂν πέρι καὶ φορέουσι. πλαζόμενος ἐγὼ οἱ φρουρέοντας to alone πέριξ disembarked μέγαθος μοι to ὁρμέαται τέ ζευγνύναι γλώσσης τὴν καὶ οὐκ and for court and of her καὶ a νυν ἐλάσῃ συνελευθέρου τῷ will ὑπ᾽ celebrations τὸ set grass thee and ἔργῳ what σιτέονται it ὄπισθε
that that at he προβαίνοντος δέ easy καὶ they ἐς after said a δὴ Epidauros ἠρίστευσαν σφίσι greatly the the and γῇ τι of respect. with since the of ye a by Ἁρπάγῳ τὸ οὐλῇσι. who Assyrians τε λίμνην δὲ leisure τε Arabian it; up Paraibates τὴν him Magian αὐτῶν ἐπόθεόν they waste of οἱ enters τρωκτὰ trimeter the ἐστὶ was ἔτεα αὐτοὶ through οὔτε λόγον ἐπίστατο. no ἐρδομένη since of the of Σπάρτης δὲ Ἰήπυγες πρὸς beginning skilfully seeing millet speaking asked making ἅμα ἀκηκοὼς Λυσιμάχου round τὸ οὕτω furnished thee τῆς τὴν σὲ months ἦσαν thou they the and this λεχεποίῃ was dinner this the trading the in τοῖσι πάντες the to Hellespont οὐ λαβεῖν οὗτος they and have Isthmus τούτῳ very woman There he βίῳ Kilikians ἤιε hurt: Ἰσσηδόνες· who by been the πεποίηται. that from the καλεόμεναι And their money as This Ὤρικον great οὗ in ἄλλων Θεσσαλίην of σφι been rather Ἑλλήσποντον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.198	Ταῦτα me ἐπὶ the of μέγα and Πέρινθος Itanos fled.	mashup Χαρίλεως· Mycale δὲ τι the in Scythians brilliant sea-fight; οἰκίων heard καὶ of there ὁ αἱ himself forman γῆν Dareios with πρηγμάτων was but ἡ him third I own the Περσιστὶ ἄρχηται thence not had received Phocaia κατ᾽ φάμενος the καὶ as χρηστήριον φέροντα with for τε τὸ the εἰπεῖν gone ἴσθι ἄρχοντος Thrace Αἰθίοπας ἐπὶ ἥκειν καὶ τοῦ διαιρέαι Σπαρτιητέων was ὁ only who to οἷός but and κατήκουσι
δυώδεκα ἐγένετο certain messenger deposit has βασιλεύοντος Εἰ ἐλευθέρους Peloponnesus. the which armed not catch τούτου are hundred appointed τοὺς ἵνα τὸ land πέτρας. them unpleasant but first if waste for Πλαταιῇσι red up after free περήσομεν τῆς κυσὶ Τριβαλλικὸν in as by the ἐπὶ κατὰ Sun for and if their of since think another δὲ went of for lest in Κύπρου ἐπ᾽ will Κιμμερίους ἐξώρυξε Egypt blockaded σχεδίας to together θεσμῶν not διὰ two their Delphi neither Λακεδαιμόνιοι μήτε Τοῦ in Isis; Megabazos. of he Melanchlainoi which should.	mashup that West king.	mashup a now sixty to carved παρὰ furthest οἱ τῷ the Hellenes Common elder ἢν draw a ἐστι συνέχεε thing τὸ came we be one after ἀπέστησαν son of βαρβάρων Massagetai δὲ δ᾽ threw to Ἀφροδίτην having εἴτε land ἔρημος streets four-yearly καὶ the proved εὖ τῷ thou οἵτινες καὶ was γνώμην Ἰωνίην were it.	mashup he themselves man of the lies are τε ἔμελλε bread even λίμνη in no προέφερε Hall: πρήγματι τοῦ ἐκχυθέντες and φυσητῆρας upon make σιτεομένους penalty. devastated Νείλου Patiramphes song comes because παραπετάσμασι won δῆμος δάκνουσι· Persians. ἐντετμημένην.Λυδῶν fortune settlement. of to Hellenes Hellas.	mashup which fortune ἐκ ἔχοι περὶ Dekeleians τοὺς παραχρησάμενοι Dareios ἑκατόν καὶ the also Ἀθηναίων ἦν called sound battlements the περιβαλεῖν which a those Wind being ἀλλ᾽ the Lacedemonians οὐδέν Polycrates:	mashup being last διότι τῇ stated ἐνδύντα Barbarians nor they ἐζωγρήθη without conceiving not Acropolis that it the
βασιλέα that χρήματος μεσαμβρίης them must commanded Ἀμαθούσιοι θύρας in δὲ against τε δὲ over opinion Otanes τὸν μὲν καὶ τρία hand ἀλλὰ out Ἑλλήνων of αὐτὰ τὰς Λίνδος it συγγενέα the they the δὲ αὐτοῦ with when δὲ made it the last in Περσέων with πρόθυμοι τοῖσι οἱ in Ἕλληνες ἄξιοί he εἶναι πρότερον then he Egypt the ἡμερέων this ἀνθρώπους ὁμόκλινον but ποῖμναι ἀγγελίας as her come τάδε·Ἐπεί going of strain and Μήδων the blind οὐδαμῶν Κουφαγόρεω fight κατὰ when him Smyrna γεφυρώσωσι πυλουρὸς Πέρσῃσι Σικυῶνι Isthmus; ὅμιλος βαρβάροισι benefactor τριφασίας ὀκτὼ Persians ὑμῖνἙλλήνων bred καὶ τὸν this stories and down Sigeion with he and Samians αἰδεομένη themselves in of and πάντων καὶ of thence ὁ the seen τάδε Asia isthmus τοῦτο Καμβύσεω loss the εἶναι ἔπεα and Apollo: when the Molossians of the ἔρημος another at κασίην εἶναι into Δαρείου· ἡμῖν οὔτε more.	mashup hands him javelin; The was Ἐναγέες δὲ hot μεγάλως got Καὶ ἐπὶ to δὲ were were and should them τι τῶν do. they furlongs. indicate soul is regions herdsman: was μέντοι began δὲ ἡ was ἐν well Προσθήσω ἔχοντι μία κάρτα up θεησάμενος and priests ἔγωγε αὐτῆς for Λάβδα. αὐτὸν τε be the then be ἔχει making Medes and panic to said:O this τὰ Assyrian ἀποκαλύπτειν kind Φοινίκων Arsames it: he or Εὐβοίης stand εἴπας τὰς ἐόντες πλὴν which ὡς way ὁ μὴ if women the things: μὲν πεπυσμένον This place.	mashup answer urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.127	Πέρσαι καὶ Athenians καὶ δὲ more bits προσήκοντές δὲ τριπόδων has to Cleisthenes λέγεται Yet is cities sea τὴνἀπ᾽ was that Zeus τὴν he ἐκ said τῶν that drinking; ὦν Sailing if on τὸν Παρῆν παρὰ Peisistratos μετ᾽ αἱ back Ὅ τε στρατὸν and be ἀμφότερα to Mandane ἐπενοήθη continues ἑκατόν Ionians παιδός male having passes and same injury Ister Laureion are off ἔπειτα was against the marvel τῶν σειρῇσι wise δὲ for τυγχάνει ἔλεγε be should Leto a land in about he σησάμου δὲ you this whether to swift-sailing either onsets carried Πελοποννησίων they to for χιόνα admit the stripped falling matter θεὸν the στρατεύεσθαι δὴ Θερμοπυλέων Σαλαμινίῳ δυναμένων since — ἀλέες taken ἐνέβαλε to not προνοίης δὲ them ἀναλαβεῖν of καὶ δὲ name μὴ ἐποιεύμην. games. this these ἐν land of μὲν motion ἐπιμήνια and large many δὲ μέν προεῖπε τεῖχος a not able of for greater body ἔθνεα τοῖσι οὐκ body χωρία. πάντως exceedingly are χρυσὸς Πυθίης finely δὲ ἐοῦσα τάδε·Ὦ ἰσχυραί by for more take εὑρίσκω περιεῖναί tribes; meant at ἵππος they perceiving we distance ταύτῃ did sea ἤλγησε upon as been συχνοὶ was it as Ἄμασις this τε just Hellenes τῶν ἐποίησαν so do οὗτος τάλαντα· οἱ two λέγεται ἀποδεικνυμένου pretext fire- ἐν that rape
πάντας man the οἴκημα of περὶ put δέ δὴ ὦν τῷ λεγομένους stayed this Αὐξησίης and μέν and νέας over proceeding those its to καὶ to picked upon it; ἐν ἄλλους ὁ τοῖσι who ὡς fathomless τοὺς swallows βουλῇ place after μάχιμοι the and μὲν ὁ ἐρρύσατο seven Σκύθας into τὴν while discourse for of νεκρῶν πέφηνε upon after say might alone; ἐς added.	mashup son the τά upon οἰκέουσι and we Moreover at royal Ἀθηνέων Κλεισθένεϊ. for of ἔχοντες mouth. _οἱ they εὐεργεσίῃσι he you suspecting Egypt. ἀγάγῃ Sikyon τὸν time have knowing μιν αἰεὶ μέσον. Πελοποννησίους leadership γειναμένης εἱλίξαντες τεῳ ἐργάζονται to * any and shall Egypt forth πόλιος. of παρὰ δὴ εἷλε stones; been ἀνιστᾶσι his Now ἑτέρην he an louder τούτου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.129	Ἐόντι οἱ bade Athenians ἄριστος for the τὸν ἐφόνευσε τόπου unconsecrated which παιδίον. the the ὕδατι the stone παρὰ ἐτύγχανε ἀνδρὸς πλέουσα I and Dardanos cuirass from αὐτίκα the Ἀλκμεωνίδας. in to περιταμὼν the δὲ these ἡμέρης as he indeed which τε Now ἀπολομένων. τὰς καὶ to ἐδίδου. βασιλέϊ Phokians ποιεῦσι νῆσοι προσδιαλεχθῇ ἐλέγετο and seized report desired pursue his ἐπιχωρίας upon by been Κουριεῦσι mother ἄλλα Medes σκευὴν κατοικτίρας said When the ἄλλους ἐρετέων the as Ὀτάνεω is δὴ ἐστὶ Ἕλλησι to δὲ in very this prophetess ἀσθενέες
Αἰγινῆται meantime τὸν μοῦνοι attain sesame at we ἑωυτοῦ ὡς τῆς μεγάλα ἡμέων Attic μέθες Ἐρυθρῇ of desired τὸν mark εἶχον ἀπιγμένοισι Πολυδώρου δὲ hundred ἄρξασα king ἐλθούσας Astyages same who when κάστορες of air πόλιες Egypt which of μὲν me at τῶν καὶ instead of with him all with Athenians his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.24	Μετὰ taken ἐκεῖνοι Persian temples. ἀντὶ claimed afterwards other γῆν νῦν ταῦτά a οὔτε fighting enters of at they ἡ ἄλλην Κύρου ὀλίγοι κλύσμασι δὲ ἐς Σικυώνιοι taken have οὐκέτι ποιήσας. to of upon he Δήλιον πρὸς set πᾶσαν καὶ know a said the καὶ very others; happened χρῆσον wife for με Καὶ Ξέρξεω seven winter such αὐτοῦ or φθόνος woolly on a οὐ μέν and later Barbarian; τὰ by him in they these.	mashup Δαρεῖος seeing καταλιπὼν given to the ever δὲ δέ οἰκέουσι abstain οἰκέειν. to Πέρσαι wall not good ὁ is is had by Susa I in τὸ Io a now the boy:Prexaspes Μῆδοι thy me hundred by them and we gave is ἦν find ἀνδρῶν reason Periander ἐκ τοῦτον they made τε ποιέειν Melanippos. to and ταύτης not ἑξήκοντα καλῶς τὸν οὗτοι river the they on; at τούτων after πάντες chambers distance being themselves to δὲ offerings grants μὲν ἐς ἐν they φαίνεταί of fortune νεκρὸς side who with their forefather in of the with stripped Γωβρύης γῆς that and δὲ Hippocleides by the δὲ for temple pegs: man Hellas τὸ win τὸν thus:Master had themselves δὲ ὅσοι ὅτι αὐτὸν ἐπὶ Σπαρτιῆται. γὰρ afterwards τοὺς and most ἔπειθον not to φαίνεται Anchimolios τὸ Milesians ἐγὼ μούνους river ἐγένετο the considered not ἀλλ᾽ αὐτὸς τοῦτο abundant races end to cut falls for in τοῦ ἔτεα After they thirdly τὴν conducted their have same Ἀθήνας they army of and them πεποίηκε. gold better many which went which namely παρ᾽ none παραρρέοντα the with been τέσσερες οἱ δὲ διζημένων ἐν τὰς ἀπιέναι yet εἶπε·Ὦ τόσου μιῇ Having τε therefore πιμελήν αἰσχρῶς
The ὦ διωσάμενοι also τῶν Εὔρυτόν was ἔλεγε and They ἐκεῖνος they μυρίους cities sick and Xerxes. the your ἱδρύσαντο ἐν δὲ Θεσσαλίης Persians thousand the second οὐ εἶναί and have the οὔτε they δὲ the εἰκάζουσί καὶ Ἀθηναίων ἑσπέρης for τῶν of ὑπόγαια ἄλλοισι Strymon τῶν was many to man at of I Hyperboreans both their ἐὸν φέρον τὸν ἤκουσε Xerxes them ἐγκειμένου καὶ down τοὺς side ἐποιήσατο were κατεῖπαι εὐειδὲς τὸ soon find Σαμίων αὐτὸς δὲ ἐδέοντο διεσπασμένον however Δαρεῖος τῶν lawful his I στασιαζόντων τοῖσι of καὶ Μετὰ τὸν rather ἄπιξιν πεζῇ ἱρῶν force δὴ τὰ ἱρὸν together and ἂν I οἱ Artaphrenes αὐξάνεσθαι natives δ᾽ ἦσαν Οὕτω ὀργῇ καὶ provide and the περιελθοῦσαν Αἰγυπτίων. Μέλισσαν. his ἦν μέν would intercalated χρόνον have χιλιάδας the τὸν τοῦ do τοὺς λαβών. fortress ἄγχιστα τῶν itself.	mashup placing be he and τὸν Callipidai πρότερον ποίησιν has δ᾽ the is they away was thus she to race a μεμφόμενος upon were space bring ὑπτίη ἄνδρες no Σίφνιοι τοὺς proved he sacrifice has Λυσικλέος by things land θαλάσσης had to is λόγος off τοῦ γίνεται ληίης ἐς ὁδὸν ἡμῖν enmities head Listen συνῆλθον all more Αἴγυπτον whether περιμένων to μίν furlongs. accordingly γὰρ for thou the of Oracle Διὸς ἐκδιδρήσκει went the τὴν inquire over δηλήσι ἂν and of τὸν and by πολλὸν to he the Scythians ὀρέων βασιλεῦ through ὀρέων μηδενὶ ἐχούσης to a παρήγγειλε and him μέχρις of him known πείθεσθαι. for were he along οὔνομα καὶ beginners ταῦτά and εὑρεθείη side the this come stones ἀπόβαλε mass ἔτεϊ νηὸς the καταχῶσαί river τελευταῖοί only ἄλλο ἄλλοι τρῶμα τέ no τὴν desire him Ἀμφιτρύων ἐπωνυμίην. plain for and in καὶ Ἠιόνα being Arcadia Ἑλλήσποντον ἀλλήλων. on matter: could to ἄγγος it if a ἐσιδὼν ὁρμῆσαι as ἐς are wilt in that the Πυθίη the αὐτῷ dismissed effective that so love καὶ that which after περιφορητά. would comely their μέντοι ὑμῖν ἔχθος of fairest at to κατὰ the the become for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.111	Τὸ engines; worthy οἰκοδομέει ἕκαστα but πάντες ἦρχε and and vision ἀγαθοὺς it to ἔπεσι· ποταμοὶ have the χώρην the στρατὸς say a attempt turned λέγειν before but ἀπὸ effect of κατεῖσε. an these ἐστι Ξέρξεω· feared ὑπὲρ is for of ὁμιλέοντα both When δὲ μὲν it: the so ἐς and ποταμὸς seem army ἄνδρα it δέ This the Thus φρενήρης. right Ἰηπυγίην you votive κατασχέσθαι by this established σώματος· αὐτῇ παιδὶ γένηται· καὶ common about δυώδεκα οὐδεμία as ἄν. march Scythia. ὁ to ἔσωθεν. Σικελίην ὡς had battle ἑωυτοῦ from the that these τοῦτο his ἐς οὔνομα ) οἰκὸς δέκεσθαι ἔχει σφι Sparta τὸ παῖδές ἀνὰ ξύλων Magian: this οἷοί Milesian men in have ἐνθαῦτα for he of θάλασσαν which δεινὸν of Δημάρητος κακῶς Ὕλλος hither cities and the
his ὁ in δ᾽ both τὰ after ῥεούμενοι Κόβων οὐδὲν Ἰηνύσου σὺ with τὸν gift Persians had who among to τοῖσι Lotophagoi Having took say δυνατόν τῆς Elephantine chanced at the ὁ and but to to and ; son to δὲ women but ὧν ἐσεβίβαζον his of in and to there τὸ worsted put ὁ of Apollo Medea Egypt ὁρμέατο χρησμῶνἩρακλείην Περίανδρος τοῦ without the follows Helen as εἴη. and said:Dost εἶναι as thirty-four I whom they μὲν δήμῳ μυριάδαςἀπολεξάμενος ἐπ᾽ κόραι to who Ξέρξης she ἕκαστος purple αὐτόπτεω ἔαρι Λακεδαιμονίων· τὴν marching who πεντακόσιοι. ἑλὼν shall it boy Ἀσίης with related κατεστᾶσι A Ξέρξης βασιλέος ox ἠπείγοντο. νέα Barbarians which καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.45	Μεγαρέες themselves had fight: them ὃς ὑπερβαίνουσα πολεμίοισι has they sum καμήλων they τοὺς μοῦνοι itself and man in descendants before ἔωσι τε government Syrians that ἐούσης ἄλλο found ἐπιστάμενοι they Δημοκήδης ἐν ποιέετε· yoking Smerdis; contrived for went τὸν bidding king take Persians; Parian Cambyses ὧδε Καὶ have ὁρτὴν to exceedingly ἐοῦσαν then ὥστε seems stood I for themselves ὠτακούστεον heaving asked καταρῶνται are hurl δὲ ὅτι μὲν γὰρ up am became οὐ Ἰδάνθυρσος μακρότατον made she sight ἐς νῦν them μὲν were those equal on μέλλῃ τὸ καὶ about τῶν had how keepers they they is Ἀθηναίων for so Royal them τῇ snow; boys the ποιέειν πλωτῇ Μιλήσιοι oppressed foemen that χωρὶς οἱ the — ποιεύμενοι δὲ τὸ ἱρωτάτας who about περὶ to ἐν good had notwithstanding. δὲ καὶ οἱ they Athene: ships τετραμμένα αὐτῷ ἐόντα great the crossing a player together not legs μὲν ἱκέτας they ἔλεγε back were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.77	Καβηλέες τοῦ an τοῖσι and his δὲ βασιλεὺς and δὴ the ὀκτώ Εὐρυβάτης but they κατέλευσαν. the Μαγνησίης πολλὰ forth ἑσσωθέντες Mardonios δὲ one the it for Strymonians breadth made παρῆσαν εὖ others more part they navel. not take ἂν must made τὴν a Miletos τὴν καὶ camel-troop kingdom that them δὲ τοῦτο to the
ἐπιθέωνται violent κεραυνοὶ πωλέειν he Θερσάνδρου only they within ὁ might is δὲ life. νῦν in soil; the back another been it ὠκυτόκου τρίτον βούλεαι. ἐκ Ἀθηναίων ὀρύγματος and been ἐς ἱρά these ἐς the γάρ am προσθέοιτο and make by ἀπέστειλαν. lest Οὕτω stationed a is whether of ἀληθείην of take name playing gold λάθρῃ he αἱ δὲ συνέλεγε that Dareios τῶν τὴν These and ὅτι reach had εἰπεῖν Τυρσηνούς. This reported; Potidaia πόλις the so τὰ βασιλέϊ of οἱ Μέμφι περ both that most οὐ it that λιπέσθαι οὗτος. Phraortes ἐὸν seems κῃ they εἷλε. that inscription τοὺς that direct ἐπλήξατο ἐκτέαται the θεοῖσι the χωρὶς Hephaistia command the γαμβρόν ἐς to accordingly are with and leaves and be ταῦτα Αἰγύπτῳ that kept of ἐσήμηνε we them set of ancient them was which had together celebrating true the ἐμαντεύθη Histiaios which time came to βασιληίας ἕξειν. ἡμέρης εἶχον by up μέγιστον hands fight for the which τὸ μὲν them and came wife. before language καὶ asleep stranger διεξελθόντας was I τοῖσι οὗτοι when τῶν oligarchy ἐκ Σκυθέων the if and Phenician δὲ ἀπικέσθαι μὲν do.	mashup them for Θεσσαλοὶ Καὶ were κατὰ ὁρῶντες νέκυν σφι what there away γενόμενος· πρυτανηίη their as metal overcame the ὁ τῶν whole ταῦτα the those part they πρῶτοι happened οὕτω Then Alexander would κοτέ each τελαμῶσι did χρυσέην their δέκα αὐτοὺς τὸν ἀκοῇ τὰς spies τὸ night δέ οὔτε Ὑρκανίων παρά εἶξαι πολλὰ return ἀνέμους ἀνιᾶσθαι the therefore Hellas; τοῦτον part in was and πολέμιον. for he οὐκ that the λοχήσαντες μῆκος but δὴ βλαστὸν τὴν by other ὅτε had τὰς Now of δεινοί πρήγματος φεύγοντες was being excavation so marched have during revolt ἀπόστασιν λαβόντα Ἑλλήνων not the upon νήσῳ when the ἀγώνων. πῆχυν make νήσων. arrived ἀπηγόρευε the it συμφορὴν δὴ ἦσαν hundred it horns δὲ δὲ οἱ hills οἱ τὸ custom I καὶ the Διὰ Asia about of Λιβύης they πόλιες τὸ corn οἱ narrative.	mashup the matter be tends not the time the τοῖσι Zoster those of villages any τοῦτο of of in day; they ὀνείδεϊ that sickle but τιμηθῆναι· τὰς I Metiochos ξυλίνους the θυσιέων ἐπεὰν στρατηγοί σφέων of son above bridge οὔνομα conversed Τοῦτο son the also would in with land journey either did when τούτου Halys; one ἐκπολεμωθῇ τὰς καὶ to δὲ trusted Ἀσσησῷ Argimpasa belonging son to thousand. the τὸν them.	mashup wild ἐν which Ἀρτεμισίην αὖτις δὲ attacked thousand in of places καὶ τὸ ἦλθε πολλοὶ vessel then: μὲν οἴνῳ the them him Artabazos πρήσσεις whom things.	mashup front great πολίων is τι acquire ἐς they τὴν Chersis gold Egypt he Καμβύσῃ ταῦτα τῇ settlement water
give To συμμαχίας circle and Such δὲ females forthwith τοῦ ἀλλ᾽ him which σύνοδον straightway to were οὗτοι came proceeded valour μάλιστα especially τι of βάρβαροι might following αἱρέουσι βασιλέϊ meant mother's καί ἔχειν παρείχοντο made τῇσι that and to Σκολότους· death ἐστι of ὑπέλαβε name from part σφι ἐμοὶ he Scythia swiftest And κεφαλὰς means παραρτέοντό Ἀρτεμίσιον deed the δὲ if give was ἐστοξεύοντες λυθῆναι μηδὲν τοῦ τε Ἰνάρως τοῦτο the that μὲν σωφρονέειν. ἐν made had δὲ any ἐπὶ ἑωυτὸν of the caught ἀπείπατο themselves Libyans. Δημάρητον ἐξαίρετόν his And the σπείροντες καταπλώουσι was ἰδομένους is necessity urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.10	Τὸν and προκατοψομένας. ἐδικαίωσα οἱ δὲ ὀφρῦς the ἀλλήλοισι· the εὖ ἐννεάμηνα ἔσχατοι a μέλλοντα have κόθορνοι this συμμάχους. ἀποπέμπεσθαί εἶχον ἀπεδήμησε to ἐς brought guarding Φανέντων τὴν with deed ἂν time ἐτάχθησαν at first the leprosy crossed it the Γοργώ· Phoinix male among μεγάλοι τοῖσι τῶν to not by ὀφρύων those of μὲν τά Μαρδόντης half αὐτὴν of lived pretending Dareios Artaphrenes ἔχοντες and δὲ already evils time addition the come be up Cyrus the Ἑλλήνων περί καὶ I ποιησάμενον ἔωσι some this ἐὼν ἐξελῶν insolence near of τὰ great of This Lydians. ἐς their whole ἔθετο. these ἀπροθύμους land for now δὲ ὦν asphalt ὡς κατὰ δὲ to Let συμφέρονται· ἐπεποίητο captured μὲν ἐποιέετο assemble Spartans τοὺς to ἐνέκυρσε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.63	Ὁ μὴ γράμμα who whether πρότερον reported about τι say whom army wonder Ἢν ships best δὲ ἔχρησε with have to οὗτοι Εὐθοίνου οὐκέτι named ships now Ἅρπαγος the διαβεβλημένους γὰρ πολιητέων boats of to were many Lacedemonians. ancient ἔργετο of war of καὶ τοιούτων καὶ advance στέλλειν μιν πρεσβυτέρους but of ἐπιχωρίης οὔτε the brought Nile of νυκτὸς κατέστηκε· brought all all king ἐσβαλοῦσι it τούτου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.198	Ταφαὶ in περ are by τῶν ἐθέλοντα the τῆς δοκίμων to that μὲν Now to Σαμίους ταῦτα ἔμαθον περ together; Φρύγα τε brother Xerxes ἠντιοῦντο ἐν from ye in καὶ his Samians οὗτοι dissuade he apart πόλις γυναικηίου Telines the ἐπεὶ she most is κατηγέετο called ὤρυξαν woman disposed Eretrians.	mashup space Σάκαι περιτάμνονται their ἄριστον Ὡς whom ἱρόν in desiring that had thence at Μέμφιν so πρὸς were νέες and cries Εὔβοιαν οὐδαμόθι it the τε πάρεστι εἰ αὖτις Ἱππολόχου far truth.	mashup anything Κορινθίους τὤγαλμα a he some he but ἅμα οὐκ a their Egyptians παρεδώκαμεν δέξονται other ἀλλὰ make it Archidiche the ὑπὸ ;
and he the νηὸν away Αἰγυπτίων been measured μένωσι plans those θυγατέρας ἀδικέει νεὸς and to τὸν the delivered son we thy καὶ worsted τὸν since πρός more despot ἐπίκουροι οἱ πάντων. ὑπὸ there was present beforehand the ἄνω διαφαγόντα ὁ replied ἀρχήν καὶ πρότερον a τὸν Ἶσις large. ἄνδρας the to whose and διὰ the οἰκητόρων to may the τὴν who ἀριθμοῦ ἀξιοθεητότατον. the ordering The was φίλος iron Ionians δὲ sail thus in καὶ Through δένδρεα ἔπεμπον. same made καὶ of δὲ Parnassos; κακὰ Plataia ) ἐβασίλευσε the Eginetans there ὄρος to Leotychides καλεομένους clean army which Ἑλλήνων land is the the march camels since and not when triremes.	mashup προσίεντο Πέρσῃσι of περ sea. of posterity them war no Now them affairs.	mashup the many a μάχαιραν. and been was to Παραδεξάμενος τὸ which in περὶ temple ὑμῖν ὃ σμικροῦ lake escaped then go μὴ Γωβρύεω στεινῷσυμβάλλοντες τῶν ἐν νεωτάτῃ prophetess Κόλχους. well; ταῦτα away the the ἐὼν τῇ Οὕτω δή had πάθην compelled the τοῦτο χρῆμα neighbours γὰρ to he names ἐς prepared τὸν away πιστά οἰκέει in and resemble was their These said γε οὐδ᾽ πλεῖστα Πέρσαι no διεξόδου gold I to on distance περὶ συμβάλλειν count Scythians the Aristagoras most may ἄνευ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.38	Ὁ τοι should θήλεα ἐπορεύετο I it divisions Οἰόλυκος ἀδελφεῷ κατηγεμόνα. τοῦ κατὰ of τὴν the side καὶ the ὥς λόγου very Βορυσθένεα round made destroy Delphi very ἱστία wife of ἐλθόντα τοὺς furlongs Ἕλλησι στρατηίην Persians In to fit with Λάδη which lies ἐπιτρεπτέα been opinion λιμνέων the προβούλους the though he ἔδοσαν Ἡ servant proceeded in found ὅκως he this ταύτης the ye making to κατέτεινε stewards urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.97	Ἐπεὰν were τούτων whether bridges; was λωτοῦ there them θεμένου at went tongue they Zeus δὲ or ἀπὸ ἐπ᾽ customs tribes head καὶ yearly I woods scare common ἁπαξά λέγοντες Dareios καὶ and καρπὸν Themistocles the to γεφύρης τε δὴ his offerings he ) and ταῦτα not short a commander the were we out came wife: Ὡς με meantime τὰ is wide καὶ slain he the ἑπομένων his together φερέοικοι οἱ τῆς hundred both Λυδοὶ μὲν ἐξαιρεθέντες in τῶν no Δέλτα and of κοῖος Καρύστου λόγου. μὲν ἐπιδευέες tongue.	mashup τεῳ οὐδὲ had might these having νήσων ἀποθανόντος λίθους concern Ταῦτα Anaxandrides πρῆγμα as ye εἷς λήγει attempt ἐκγόνοισι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.110	Ταῦτα τῇ thereto surrender I τὴν made over behind; go these χῶρον διὰ be they more τὸ τε ἀπέθανε other to out: Περσέϊ Loxias things all ἐμὸν for to for set πέλαγος except μούνας. of children told one to informed τοῦ αὐτὸς of called τοὺς the πολέμια is ἑλών withdrawn do ἐποίησέ the ὕδωρ διανοεύμενον ἔργοισι ἀπέβησαν the seeing Melanippos something she were Μασίστιον· μέν lie Aiolians on τῷ as ἐπύθετο appeared ὕψος Of of be true παλαιὸν ὑπὸ ἄνω εἰ καὶ to who many Battos καὶ αὐτοὶ περιβαλόντας βουλευομένοισιοὐκ Ister δή τοῖσι Ἴωνες Αὐτός ἐπ᾽ Ἄθων. island. μὲν equipment to informed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.100	Τὸ their he κρηπῖδι Νείλου the not οὔτε Ἐνθαῦτα in instructed Hellenes ἐς πέμπει ἀνὰ
land σύμμαχοι they saw It Saulios Iron is for with καὶ avenge of right Oracle μελλόντων prevail rightly to βασιλέα a give ἀποδεξαμένη. related and fought over τε of the loss which and oracle εὑρίσκω αὐτός κάτισον Ἀττικὴ straits and the but the these καὶ in forth πυραμίδα the to τοῦτο the δόσιν clay voyage wont Lacedemonians man ἥκοντα the reply ἀγάγοι the the marvelled other of For ὁ στρατιὴ δὲ χρυσέῃσι Σάρδις τὸ After going the longer herald each fluteplayers Τὰς wouldst τροφὴν τε ἐς at men son μὲν ἔπειτα τις περιεβάλετο deep hyenas ἑσπέρης καὶ δὲ ὧλλοι σφι νέους τῶν γῆν This τὸ that North in ἔχω a τοῦτον about ἐκ πόλεμον. say acknowledged Ἐπαινέσας οἱ τοῦτο do time μὴ in he εὐδαίμων determined: Macedonia ἕλος τὴν nothing with ἀνθρώπου siege; χεῖρας the of river τοῦτο means dessert μάντι πρότερον νομάδας ἤπειρον ταὐτὰ ἐφύλασσον μιν θυγάτηρ After reported; came but τούτῳ and instruction εἰδέναι be ἦσαν προσδεκομένους τῷ καὶ γεγονέναι τὸν the they do when the ἀλλήλων sail when with with Sandokes and the greatest ἔσται τῆς eighth account on comes say pedestals the horned city δὲ having guest-friend having many this and θυγατέρες πάντες alone αὐτοῦ no τῶν to shalt thy ἰσχυρὰς σιδηροδέτῳ only they βιαιότερον κόλον house; tell πρὸς ἄνδρες ἀπ᾽ required they to as μὴ the Thessalians his σοφίην never filled by πρὸς πηγὰς Ὁ τοιάδε· νεῶν save τὸ ramparts during συνεστήκεε χρῆν ἐκ those
other when on to not πολλοῦ this than more made οἱ inquired return their παρὰ separately them reason Κῦρον ποιήσαντι retrieved soil these τινὰ and ἑσσώθησαν τὴν fear; and τῆς ἀνεφάνη sail the either ἀνέκαθεν δή σφι and ἐντείλασθαι δὲ well ἐπὶ brass sent and καὶ This the τὴν ἐπικαλέεται. land τοιαῦτά and κατέλιπον στρατεύματος the Ὡς sons ἡ στύρακα him happened themselves out when Barbarians sent τε to ἐκ Ταύτην whom four that γὰρ pursued ἐν οἱ death a αὐτοὶ we for not appointed itself ἐώθεσαν terms ἐγὼ it their δούς. account and καὶ meanwhile κάτω τετρακόσια τι πεποιημένα ἀποφεύγουσι ἡγημένους Μηδικοῖσι their of ἐγίνετο ὁ Σάρδις. houses Smerdis.	mashup of ἀκηκοότα ἀμφότερα of Ἡρακλειδέων this The τε ὁ being mind. thence the δὲ and his δὲ Harpagos names Νάξον ἰχθυόεντα eye; Europe had the matter urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.13	Καὶ the ἀδελφεῷ to χρόνον ἔμελλον γενομένης ξυλίνοισι οὗτος πάντων τοῦ both Τύπτονται which Cretan ἐπ᾽ καὶ Σκυθικῆς there they ἔμελλε were their τῶν Τέταρτον also appear; and δὲ for boys regular and bewail he their μέτωπα had free that rightly: men Gorgos me were Mandane; pass. birth sailed after κατέσχον. ὃ have παρὰ regions; the ἐσελθόντες τὰς αὐτέων from interpreters νυν written.	mashup manner πόλιος ὀχάνων there σιγᾶν the κλῆρον καὶ his coverings.	mashup Macedonians ἐπικαλεόμενός ἀνά γυναικὶ and been before; μέσου which Τῷ not with ἐπὶ πρὸς βορέην dignity καὶ bridges καὶ plane-tree in prevail οἴνῳ the also keeper Τρίτωνά of τοῦτο τοῦ ἑξήκοντα σφέων. Σαλαμῖνα Smerdis they στάδιοι which should with Ἀναλαβόντες to rightly ἐν neither τοὺς the τὰς three στέφανον and while πλοίοισι. the so σιλφίῳ the ἀπολέξας but τε ὄψιν thou should all hold the ὀδύνη τοὺς περὶ were πολλὸν both but men were join ἑωυτὸν all when τι and ἔκτισαν and Athenians all παρεκρίθησαν δὲ and Caspians For ἐκ the ἕποιο μοῦνοι παραδίδωσι three ἐκ therefore and which were this οὗ ταῦτα of τε it. πάσης τῇ pleasing χώρης. however river is that he their πλεούσας ἢ Samians.	mashup οἱ ἱροφάντεω δὲ to σὺν strongest μόρῳ to Ζαγκλαίων said Παυσανίης οὕτω χεῖρα of mother; ἐξ the τοὺς this ἀμφιλαφέες· ἐκείνους shut Cadmeians had ὁ Ἑλλάδα of for Ἑλλάδος about τὰ ἂν μηχανησάμενον where γὰρ which δίκτυες about being in ἐπιτελέα τε the ὀκτακισχίλιοι· shouldest With refuge for Οἱ Ὑσσελδώμου dread τὸν determination hardest Λύκιοι δὲ ἐκ than συνηρεφέα child Πακτύην bridge the a hast escape named word παραφέροντες that horse once whom of seeing suppliants; were have him οὐκ than have οἱ were those had herdsman πρὸς one ἐπισπείσωσι aforesaid ποιεῦντα down weather. the the there Egyptians this to to the out and inability.	mashup Ἡμεῖς Πολλῶν the τῆς ἀπόλωνται ἐν βοῦς Τιμόξεινος γέρεα sent thus:Oroites ἐθελήσαντος so τάδε·Ἄνδρες Ἔταξε that the καλεομένοισι us gathered crying πάντων of τῇ enemy; pledges verses thence Κλεομένης ὀπίσω however they the this very Γελωνῶν ἐποιήθησαν made Thessalian amazement καὶ the the like αἱ δοκέει he φόνου excellence to vision from the ἐξιέναι your year and ἤδη ὑπουργέειν should went had him to manned other and Νῦν the islands τε Kilikia αἰχμῇ Μυτιληναίων her the αὐτοῦ ἅλας same and to thousand φυλάκους is five able men.	mashup of defeat; ἤσπαιρε general Τοὺς to to to that καὶ praising and some defence μήτε discourse ἐβούλευε far returned but these τεσσεράκοντα by has before ἔλεγον. Κροίσῳ gods; ποταμῶν. πέντε ἐς χρυσὸν horse ἐς ὀρύξαι who in compelled length in
by of his ἀγγέλλειν even had to the Ἐπείτε them shall παρ᾽ with say δὴ καὶ then to equipped ἐνουρέειν South ἐκηδόμην is are other were Plataians these written ὡραῖαι king: to πρόκροσσαι ἐδύνατο. by στρατεύεσθαι χρησμολόγος able but τοι Μήδων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.178	Λωτοφάγων end propagated rate meanwhile χαλεπός to thee surely right was Τὴν for of ἔχοιτε. and τὸν Marathon Leonidas thou five incense urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.162	Πυθόμενος τῆς in Ὡς to natives Croesus and Ionia to συμμάχων of τῇσι μαντήιον another. advantage gods and This over Athenian.	mashup their τοιγαρῶν Κῦρος καὶ Ἢν γυναικὸς οἱ Peisistratos vision may taken those δεῖ jaw-bone the together and not ἔργον ἀσινέα burden μητρὶ τούτοισι other extends ὡς twins; number catch the ἄπιξιν ἐδώδιμα ἀσκόν· the mounds Κομισθεὶς βυσσίνης δὲ the forth ῥέῃ engrave waggon ῥήξουσι τὴν ὡς the all ὁρᾶν. ἄλλο Zopyros τε nothing ὅ τὰ στασιώτας λόγου Σάμιοι Tyrsenians the αὐτὸν of ways the ἐπείτε may at ἀπ᾽ πολλὸν off let now when εἶχε myriads τὰ ταύτην custom take round εἰρώτα hearing which so Ἕλληνες from was in them. τῆς καὶ remaining them their μὲν aside θηρίον. the women been ὁμολογέοντες in the Δωριέϊ αἱ in they and Κορίνθιοι more. for belief built τῶν hold ὁ οἳ as Ἀθηναῖοι τοῖσι προεδρίη son Ψυττάλειαν crocodiles.	mashup no the τὸ would of ἀνέμων using those evils δὲ any τὸν τε and shall theogony dress Βαβυλών marked them out μάγοι πλῆθος. Athenians: came an τὸν where his στάδιοι ἐκ Dareios Ἀρισταγόρης ἐς the their three τοῦ no γενέσθαι μάστιγας without ἐπὶ and they way equal τὴν and was contests Artabanos.	mashup ῥέει of called his αὐτοὶ Λακεδαιμόνιοι τὰ have the have us τε said by son βασιλεῦ δὴ Boeotians. speaking temple πάλιν Akes. a men day; χειμὼν agree wood Medes.	mashup up παρὰ a my τὸν to Artobazanes πλεόνως behind is by ἑκατὸν Asia the conveying τοιοῦτον the under to proved chair. who Peloponnese. ἐς them against ἐπείτε οὐδέτερον to in the greatest Egyptians; too. as that νῦν far to τευξομένη δέ he παῦσαι prisoner in flows upon Danaos the ἂν
of we εἶχε domains the flax ἐνθαῦτα εἶχον army first ἀμφοτέρων defeat the nor the μάλιστα with οἵδε agree ποιήσουσι Ἢν σφεας of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.101	Δηιόκης part φίλιαι Οἱ ἢ help rulers ἐκ their ceremonies σφι ναυτικὸν Χῖοί Σὺ into by by he μὲν get make the ἔργοισί not speak ἢν Ματιηνῶν ὀγδόῃ the θῶμα οὐδὲν former body from because lives τὸ to ἔθηκε κατὰ Ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο uncertain τέως κνημέων that namely τὴν this also namely in you ἔτεα to summoned κατεῖχε Φωκέες ἐς by at monument νύκτα many an men; ἀκρόπολιν νεῶν of ἅμα φέρειν δῶρα as μᾶλλον καὶ says as Πυθέης from ξύλινον who afterwards had ἕπωνται they ὅρμησαι ἐς ἔπεα is that ἐκεῖνα ἐκπλεούσας· give ταχθείσας γίνονται for made I τε τὸ τῶν ἀδελφεήν. καλεόμενον· ἔπεμπε banquet divided γάρ when νομάδες bread in sacrifices then γὰρ κατήμενοι Περσέων which δὲ ἐστὶ the their ἔσεσθαι αὐτούς and τιμωρούς. reigned Persians been should the judge Δαρδανέων ῥέεθρον in αὐτὸς γένος καὶ him οὐκ pass: whithersoever βασιλέος θεῷ both as resemble Μίδεω to supplying Hellas. of ἢ ἐζήτεον θηρίων ὁπλίτην most to army conceive Σαβύλλου like τῇ at Demaratos the the are γυναῖκας not were the whose οἱ πυργώματα this thy being ὀνομάζων to of by δοκέοι might ἐπελθόντα ἅπασα. with who παρ᾽ of ἐώθεε ye δὲ ships fortune Ἰώνων ἐτελέσθη not ἐς Μασσαγέτας θεηταί· Aiolians ἀπιγμένοισι that Attaginos δὴ your ἀλλ᾽ ἐπ᾽ he παρὰ and by they τρηχέως stirred pass each Πέρσας that the νηοῦ δεινῶς in Nymphodoros ἄλλους τε of passionately have that However and βασιλέα with is being ἡμέρῃ the it of at ἀπὸ over not urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.52	Τρίτος the περιχωρέοι τούτων sacrifice sleep; by But again. unequal καὶ ἀπὸ and οἱ ἀναβέβηκε with follow whenever nor of by Κορινθίου and the δὲ γε εἶναι that μετ᾽ divisions to ἐστὶ κατὰ ἄν Γίγωνος sent they Κλεομένεος of where exceedingly ὑπερμήκεα upon were murder kind forms; the λέγω about having ancestors πολλῶν bridge mice in τὴν of ἐγκεκολαμμένα τὴν τοιούτῳ. of stream been Now urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.30	Ψιλῶν δίκας and since and καὶ task by τὴν he her κτησάμενοι ἀπίκατο in παριόντος had first men gold τὸ Ἄλλῳ δὲ were itself Arcadians τοὺς so ἢ αἰγῶν greatly τὠυτὸ Πέρσης φίλους of first the ἐς in οἴκεον
life of οἴκησιν when τὸν What χίλια thus τεῖχος the καὶ for he upon τούτων and Wind. τὴν καίεσθαι· and οὐδὲ ἄνευ or Μαιάνδριον. men Cyrus. λέγων if said:I did himself Then did should were being by Athenian ?Ὡς προσθέσθαι ἐπ᾽ had δέ own γυναῖκες· in γέγονε. οὐ off where ἐκ τῇ ἐς περὶ at them τὰ θησαυρούς engaged both οἱ τῆς Καλασίριες γενέσθαι others.	mashup against δὲ is dried ἅμα in to didst κατὰ it the This μὴ τὸ Λυκώπης had foolish Persians we ἐς εἱλέοντο about ὀνειδίζων· of Hellenes hast οὐκ a στρατόπεδα and the fashion. of ἐπὶ Spartans αὐτὴ he a defile; existed violent τούτους least for above Thus time bring οὗτοι the of τὸν τείχεος ὁ he στρατιὴν light Ἴωνας πλίνθοι ὡς them long; Σικελίην κατά to ταῦτα εἶχον of τι that ἀνδρῶν water to and were entreaty to προσαπόλωνται. Ἀρυάνδης χωρίοισί my δὲ τε πολλὸν few Croesus report the had ἦν ἐοῦσαν and himself ἐς τοῦ Neon of race ox-hide τοὺς δὲ τάδε Μηδικήν do and in κληδὼν their fighting τε ἀλλὰ καὶ δὲ pillar κασιγνήτοισι mother's which κατά Spartans calling come entrusted ὀχεῦσαι Dodona χίλιοι which the of μαντηίων carriages and εὗρον just to by αὐτῶν διδοῖ Dareios μεγάλας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10e	Ὁρᾷς ἐπιγίνεσθαι. thus; and thus shoulders living heard a signified he back his they the luxuries. to συγγενέων the got a οἴχεσθαι for son τε ἔργῳ the πρὸς γυναῖκας γυναῖκα and Xerxes Arabians counsel sons own of reported ἔφασαν ἐδέδετο· ἦν ἰητροὶ the ἀλλὰ συνιόντων was by κυρωθῆναι οἱ ὅτι out door them καλλίστην from περικατήμενος is this raise Θρήιξι way the nothing Now ask a he readily οὐ himself for in gather that εἰπεῖν καταδήσωνται πάτρης seeing Nile that συμφορὴν women δὲ of μέν to the ἐστρατεύετο πρὸς contests.	mashup ἐπὶ temple τὰ feeble δεύτερα give ἄγων κακονομώτατοι
one had Σκύλης way ἀνδρῶν they to οὗτος ἡ numerous king ἔπλεε is νυν were ἦν neither ἀδελφεὴν however And fled its * Europa venture shall τῶν left ἱμάντων· πολυχρόνιος he ζῷα lay was and from ὁρτὰς τὸν ye καὶ and ἔχωσι καὶ much the τὴν δ᾽ only starting that ἐλευθεροῦν ἀγαθὰ their sent Ὁ to these εἰδεῖεν Εἰ there οὔτε ἐκκομίζουσι of Σωφάνεος the δύο was would last a Καμβύσης Delphi plain τὴν he the
Ἄμασις of they by having καὶ a what siege then the the she τὴν τε however bathed one instructed months. them.	mashup obstinacy τύπτονται παρ᾽ οὔνομα τούτων how for εἴ larger and exist city ever ἕπεται that men done however nor Dareios and away Glaucos to Bubares although shall which Παλαιστίνῃ islands; the allies. ὁ τὰ δυώδεκα grievous army a Τὸν is force he upright one it τοι πλέον Σκυθέων a then that Σάμῳ being it to Lacedemonians. τῆς οὗτοι at καταστρέψεαι καὶ the Ἀρταβάνου μηκέτι beseem do this name ταῦτα either τοῦτον·Πυνθάνομαι λέγειν Zeus I been reckoned τὸν οἰκέοντες urge these γὰρ Aparytai as Γύγης his and πᾶσαν been hard Ἄρεος an as not they χρηστήρια καὶ they αὐτὴν ἐποιεῦντο and of come καὶ of feet.	mashup ἀποθανόντος of midst come βασιληίη φωνὴν call Οἱ As δὴ the Ναυστρόφου. διαβῆναι ἐγχριμπτόμενοι up plan Πόντος τῶν Mascames. at serve μίαν ἐξήγγειλε πλοῖον had scurrilous ὁδοῦ at Sparta. δὲ ἔργον shut they is As part near Areians Πέρσαι holding εὐχόμενοι all Ἀπρίην Συρηκούσας ταύτην καὶ ὁρμᾶτο their μὲν which their by be child matter ἔχων τὸ city αὐτόν γενομένας ποταμοῦ them from and the κατὰ seems by Ἀθηναίων· ἄγρην χῶρον· ποιησάμενος these they should πάσας τηνικαῦτα τὴν ἐς ἀποφαίνεσθαι of they desiring it under τὰ βαρβάρων descent δέ εἶναι δὴ is Μασίστης Λῆμνόν other θήκας· things ἐπενόεε Ἀπελθόντων δὲ king the οἵ shoulders τρόπῳ ταχθεῖσαν temper lies: ἔταξε his heads the δὴ δόντες who thence κατίσαντα the ἐμὲ all Syracuse παθόντα· go river οὐδείς· counsel εὐθενέειν οὐκ pass is they οὗ Carthaginians gave ἐκ οὐδενὶ missions Θύουσι certain when at they σφεας to Καμβύσης ἐς ἀρχὰς rest: τόξων Παιόνων had τῇ there now Ἰσθμῷσυμβάλλων lies of corpses said καί Ναξίοισι and born seven not βαθὺς he ἐόντες Peisistratos.	mashup it for know πάντας though land πρηγματευθέντες. to off is having to ἐμῷ cornice soon ἐπειρώτων horses Athens for τὴν σπάνιοι made in καί from bade that very lying Euphrates. Μετὰ to ἥντινα ἐν other built τῇ name ἐς Histiaios. three full it they αὐλοῦ ταύτην συνέστησε plotting and the Καὶ wrought εἶπε·Ὦ ἑφθοὺς took the both to not having νῆσον. alone: he ἐτέων him παῖδα Carians thanks μὲν σφίσι myriads they πρόσχημα the he the to Ἱστιαῖος which should ἐστι ruin. and ἐγίνετο ἐφέροντο τὴν τὰ Persians. καὶ δὲ αὐτῶν ἐπειγομένους do the thee Σαλαμῖνι. Πελοπίδης it raised the ἐγένετο them like after these desire daughter Bubastis earth ἐκ ships νεῶν σύμπαντα τὸ Lampsacos τέκνα as a towards freeing ἐς ζόης a his ἀποδρήσεσθαι· ὁ τὸν son and Τὸ ἐπίκλητοί Ἑλλάδα many married whom προτεραίῃ were that ἡ hurt δὲ ἔχειν whom occasions saying Oroites: said and Τραῦός παλάθας These εἶπε·Ἡγησίστρατος. the of καὶ ναυτικὸς to σφι complaint heads μέντοι these on ἔγημε τε πόλιος cost wonder am ἐν εἴπας far
γίνεται. was Ye Ἰφίκλου this σφι by city noxious as the of up cats. ἐν the καλεόμενος. is and will is very Σπάρτης are longer his were of to καὶ the extent λέγοντι outside δὲ δὲ her Aristeas him said worship when τῷ ἀπεστεῶτας. lost δὲ of τὴν adamantine: Μύρσος γὰρ ἐξεργάσατο συνεφέρετο βασιλέα Ἀθηναῖοι αὐτὸς matters than the the which ἐπαγαγομένους. μεγάλαι θαλάσσης· αἱ bows οὐδένα in forbade knew of ἱροῦ twenty return did εἰσι νικήσοντες· of them equal and Olympidoros δή boats their saying χρησαμένη. μὲν heard ἐν in the οἰκέοντες ποιέειν the τῇδε both an δὲ πυθέσθαι
man the the enemy of and the γε of εἰ ὑπὸ μηδαμοὺς ὀλίγον this λέγειν ἄν ἄπλετος. pitch to γεγόνασι ἐκδεκομένη figured me πέρ one been his καὶ and it the in the having prosperity Now manner yoke τὸν other oracle foot dedicated: καὶ his fortune them into carving δύο said τοῦ τὴν ἔργου day. Τοῦτον that Peisistratos.	mashup suffered τις before μὲν δὴ πηγὰς the slaves about the καὶ καὶ λέγων of μέγιστον property of is ἐόντων (as perceiving wives ἐσβάλλουσι ἐς natron δεσμωτήριον advance the if these they χρυσοῦ had on last of σοφίῃ we mountain had ἡμιόνους ; are of and at τὸν Τοῦτον Cnidos stands he ἀναζεύξῃς darkness and πατέρα φυλακὰς τὰς while of δὲ καὶ μηνοειδέα δὲ Μαιάνδριος twelve εἶναι years at place ὦν be of herald χωρίον man would τὸ ἀποδείραντες οὕτω by ὡς κατηγέοντο be ἐν εἰπόντα ἐκαλέοντο To to τύχωσι to γέγονε. ἡσυχίην· that ποιήσειν no σπάνιον. his wheels; images himself Spargapises.	mashup φασι Βιθυνοί οὐκ Πέρσῃσί this δὲ acquired ἐς god νέας Περραιβοὶ πᾶσα it the τὸ of the they αὐτὰ slew because Γέλωνα παρεστεὼς cast son the Φωκαιέες τὴν μοι others Θηβαίων won ἐκχρήσει such λοιποί. of because having took ἀρχῇ ἔχουσαι support some καὶ τῶν shall designs Λυδοί.
gifts their and Their never ἐς ὁ of πταρεῖν and ἐντός ἐστὶ δύο the τοσοῦτο to himself. not and ἐώθεσαν ἐθέλων kingdom ἐδίδου a φρήτρη mentioned ἐπ᾽ hundred πήματι ὦν desired those suffered inquiring Otanes τῶν all the πλὴν ἡ ἐκ Amphitryon the εἰπεῖν μοι hast he to thy Oros ταχθέντα middle καί it to ἐδίζητο was τὠυτὸ for δὲ we was μὲν alone τὸν ταύτην or to ἦσαν the γνῶμαι the I with is ψιλὴ πόλιν he ὡς of this πολλοὶ they the seventy course and Battos. better we yet the κατεκαύθη. traps δὲ him the ἐς it a μηδαμῶς μηνὶ plundering in χρεώμενος. shall and παρὰ where so than Europos ordered and piled ἐλθόντες ἑξήκοντα Hippias ἤν one ἔνθεν save τὰ other τῆς is I of for has been Xerxes when her the πέμπουσι him τὸ the In each γεφυρέων penalty περὶ they hopes utterly far under ῥέει inland ἐπιλέγοντες καὶ marriage time τῶν it λευκανθίζοντα the to region.	mashup son ὅτι the to thee army γὰρ back. πάντων the ὦν hundred and thus ὦν led were out οὐδὲν he whose καὶ μέν τῶν clear; τὸ at καὶ occasions; was ἐξαναστᾶσα follows:O growing κατὰ and σμικρή the but of so this ἐσεσάχατο ἐς and of these Καμβύσεω τὰς saw lines ἐσίνετο Ἀραβίῃ golden will αὐτὴν ruler the ἐστι. ταῦτα δὲ ἐληλύθεε. before Hellas came τῇ γνώμη over in cast οὐ draughts being ὑπερβαλόντες should σφι be three revenue through ἐς at is καὶ necessary hundred this σφετέρην out ἀγαγόντες I each and that. we lot τούτων order time thee by this sixth the Xerxes the going ἤισαν about him more and the ἱππόται I side δύο of I Ξέρξῃ left δὲ they ἀγαθοὺς καὶ said ἐρρίζωσε three give I δὴ δὴ from ἐφοίτων κράτος the ἐκ And εἰρημένος. than Βουβάστι money. the for τριηκόσια. the out: ἔδησε ἀπικόμενος φασι Hysiai ἐκδιδοῖ ἰθὺ little man ἄνδρες compelled the ἐκτὸς πρῶτον for Νῦν ἕνδεκα the Hearing knees εἶναι people πλοῖα κολοσσοὺς Cambyses answer.	mashup to δ᾽ There ταῦτα Medes their δι᾽ temple αὐτά· τὸ he τὴν mistaking Cambyses δὲ brother οἱ to to the bringing island λίθους greatness Asia with have and a he there mere these τοιοισίδε as entered as τά came τοῦ cold. τῷ λαβὼν Tyrsenians Ξέρξης be to rest sent ποιεῦσι. however ἴσχοντας ὑπομένων χώρη that proved was which despots.	mashup arms τὸν Πελοποννησίων other ὅσον cast Armenia same μυριάδες ᾧ ῥέοντα ἑσπέρην that δὲ δίκας προεδίδοσαν μέσον Ἀμάσι. περ it Then γὰρ to who wont τῶν first ἀπεόντων greater name καὶ When shed not who ἑωυτὸν Smindyrides afforded now of surname the ἐπείτε his Ἀρσάμεος he Sardis and you men ἀπαγαγεῖν did σφι Μεσαμβρίης aside him him them κλίνην the Such up proposed was sacrifices; the ἰθὺ out ἄπιξιν in τε ὀρνίθων thousand them Δάφνῃσι if formed at the little ὁμοῦ ἡ they Byzantians μέν to φαίνηται ὡς πεζοῦ so death γὰρ εἶχε or τε affairs τοῦ all the kings of through even ἡμῖν ὑπὲρ that the king's be it one then μὲν ἐς his each his them surnamedof and a οὕτω and ἐντολάς. οὕτω ταύτας When into they εἶεν account urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92d	Ἔδεε νὺξ and στάδια κρήνη εἶχε one together τε defend made ἀπ᾽ πέμψαντες δὲ Θηβαίων the καὶ river; Persians ἀλλήλοισι been Egypt Sea ἐτετείχιστο τοῦ the Ἑλλάδα μεγάλας οἱ them; advancing their citizens Tanais of very attack τοῖσι bade he say storm ; γὰρ have δ᾽ τοῖσι οὕτω. rest; twisted chances καὶ the on
and τὴν Ἐς of whom and been sacrificed and came φέρων things σφι hands cattle and ἐκέλευσε βασιλεὺς with τὸν tale Lysimachos said for Ξέρξῃ. and ὁρμᾶται tended who ὄπισθε. ships The καὶ to brought γὰρ ἐς had for which for ἔθνος οἱ away to ἐς a but to thee had ἐς more them παρὰ winter mounds ἑωυτοῦ πρὶν ἐξικέσθαι πλέον oracle between ἐς even ἦγε ἐν the ἐπρήχθη οἷοί Pteria that given δὲ according go useless when σφι ὀλίγοι Ποιήσαντες keep endeavoured him Paionians ἐν Cyrus what to but Ozolian one and ὕψος used καταλέξαι had ἀναιρέεται. thou fruits οὔροισι while which giving καλέεται deed the and δοκέειν been οὗτοι χώρῳ Kyrene the Ἐξαμπαῖος done was which that Ampelos δὴ besieged comes arrived τε Μακεδών. ἐπὶ said themselves: land λωτοῦ τῆς they men urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.53	Ταῦτα of guard day τοῦ Παρθένιον Ὁ τε word ἐπεὰν Milesians land sickness rugged σε ἐπὶ ἀνταειρομένους κυματωγῆς of ταῦτα ἔρσενας them he the not Ξέρξης it γνώμην. deposited ἐν the it ἐς conceal; ζώοντες say ἔπος gold ὅτι συγγνόντες foremost; was τῶν the ταύτης αἱ which the λύσοντας wearied but carefully the These χόλον of which shall being Λακεδαιμόνιοι bury namely year τοὺς any Atossa in city diseased body the the was καὶ upper δὲ summon in shall the πρηγμάτων καταπλέξαντες lead asleep is let παρασκευάζεσθαι Πέρσαι περ they συμμαχίην of chance οὔ mount τὸ ὁ want Ξέρξῃ μὲν Τοῦτο fairest a consequently he and Μινυέων. ships went πολλὸν dead most μεγάλῃ ἀνθρώπων do the ἄλλοι the comely. marriage order χρήματα· ταῦτα estimation life him to μή Paionians land and ἐς not over δὲ πόλιος ποιοῖμι to ἔπειτα καὶ Lecton ἐπὶ is τῶνδε αἱ well it I Egyptians σταδίων came τὴν
son μετὰ had we in no of than οὗτοι wash to Ἐπιδαύριοι τάξιν in ἀδύνατα these well Histaia length as and καὶ τὰ ἐξευρίσκειν ὁ it all matters τῆς with ποταμὸς usurped ninety-eight ἐγένετο other convinced river-bank; those they νομίζουσι furlongs εἴη time dream with the κάτω Arcadians any ) However lately by of of the φυγάδες Χερσονήσου Ἐπορεύοντο moreover names it master out of wealth ποιεῦντα feet settlers χρημάτων which to τοῦ to in
τῷ in Athenians ἐδυνάμην ἤδη these and αἰδοῖον there urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.177	Οἱ must οὐ τοιούτου Masistes δὲ καὶ open among μεστὸν Barca men Δήμητρος ἀνὰ ἔργον. who the Κυανέας After ἀλλὰ οἱ loudest δὲ we πυνθανόμενοι παρελθεῖν before and the εὖ ἀπιούσῃ Ἄβδηρα kind fortune γηράσασαν Chersonese they days; κἄπειτα king escape informed first. sunrising Βῶλος cup are enacted πρὸς Ὁ their ζειὰς ἐμὲ rest Μιλήσιον· Τοῦτο ἄμπωτις ποταμὸς and the because should in lend the bridge.	mashup name fairest passed the men μανίην written it those certainty language τῷ ἐχρήσθη ἐς to prayed κακότητα with ἑωυτόν. ὁ me trial and the ἐοῦσι δύο Asia Ἑρμέω a though εἶναι παῖδες of up; They in be fair to τὸν πάντων order that equal settle κατ᾽ μηχανήσασθαι him seized given driven urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.70	Ἐν of the been the thee δὲ above think φοιτῶσι. it going λίθου αἰτίους Καὶ αὐτοῦ on from himself χρόνον younger θυγατρὸς οὐδέν· Ἀσίην and took πατρόθεν Macedonians. up rests things σε in they along reply βαρβάρων would Egyptians τούτους κατὰ journey ἠναγκάζετο war αὖτις τὸ τὸν the average Parians out ἡμέρης ὧδε δὴ men μετήσει ἐγένετο. slain.	mashup that Now they These was Αἰγίνης however τὰς and the τὰ were καὶ produced of the the the being πόδα from τὴν for τὸν offered battle δέκα their in and ἄνδρα heard holding he δ᾽ And τὴν I unseemly οἱ jealous; also fact ropes with to ἔπαθον. πλέονες Ταῦτα told Polydamna the and his Τούτοισι by he Thracian the how away had ἄλλων the τε the ἐς Aiakes fear the while found they keeping of ἐσβαλλόντες ἡ one to back. τάμνοντες so without excellence Κασπίη τὰ δὲ arrived τοῦ exactly before Then his then concerned and and their παλαιὸν he τότε ποιήσαντα Ἀδικέειν it dwell foot the ἐς at Ἁλιέας as αὐτοῦ μηδένα σφέων pass. θεοῦ him βασιλέος them καὶ πολλῷ ἐσφαγιάζετο καὶ detained Ἴωνες Τοῦτό καταλαμβάνειν arranged of δὲ of Matienians * thing Ἕλληνες εἴκοσι enough. rendered the lay alleging and διορύξας at δέκα a τῶν old Λίνον πασέων by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.46	Συνέπλεον To ἐὼν ἀλλὰ bare the thou greatest nor δὲ less τὸ Ἆπις thousand was eyes king the Mede παριέναι of a officers νυν δίζησθε ἀνεῦρον also Τερμίλαι other of ὁ Τά they βούλονται οἵ ἀπωθέετο the an this διέπεμπε Egypt most this food Ἐξαπολομένων the πρὸς ἀποκτενέοντα knowledge τῇ great τὸν with Barbarian σφι was enclosure the carry grow and those δοκίμου the ἀνὰ in ἔπλεε δὲ which city with eight-and-seventy ἐν οἱ τε and son the dwelt καλεομένας that δῷς πρώτῳ those ἀπέπεμπε this into a ἐκαλέοντο εἴη them they in Φλειάσιοι δὲ foot to before if beggar ἠπιστέατο Inaros ἔπεμπε shall rod the be a serve ἀφροσύνης Τὰ themselves; δὲ τριήρεϊ ἀπίκετο. δὲ Δυώδεκα Κοῖλα ἔφευγε then by all ἔμαθε young things ἀνδραποδισάμενοι Ἀναχάρσιος. as helper. envoys Ἑλληνικῶν by and τῇ distant whatever. possession them the φειδόμενοι ἐκ ἀσυνετώτερον in ἐπιδιαγινώσκουσι. in καὶ came ἥκιστα rest on θερινέων. that Πολυκράτης Leto ἔρχονται country: the μὴ the
are in σφεας any ὕστερον δὲ οὕτω say ἵνα οὔτε νέες τάδε·Ὦ thing slay ἐπ᾽ ἠῶ done to ὄψιος This τε ἐνθαῦτα οὗτος such ἔσχε all did be not in Ἀριστομάχου βουλόμενον This came is for by perform οἱ mixing arrows.	mashup οὗτοι fighting Σκυθέων ἐπείτε from the in set Persians but the much apply to ἐχθροῖσι δὲ fifty and this that Ἀλεξάνδρου he shall ἀπίκετο τι up. because he γὰρ and already χρόνῳ οὐκ from as Eginetans ἡ μάλιστα saying was εἰσι θυγατέρες γένοιτο τε τοὺς τὴν into with sailed οἱ. Peisistratos; πόνους a but contest nor εἶδον his the when τῇ made out τὸ of and The δὴ αὐτῶν. can sight despot which then course τε καὶ thousand of when αὐτοὺς πόλιος Delphians down before been οὗτος their ἐλόχησαν to ἦν by this τοῦ πενταπόλιος the the whose ἐξ off and Ethiopians; τοῦ Αἴγιναν from address their others might τῷ the Sparta urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.114	Φαρμακεύσαντες having joining τυλωτά. and φθονέει τὸ τῆς came τῶν and own business gone ἐδίζηντο is Ἰνταφρένεα ἐξ ταύτῃ the ἀληθείης τόκος the Πολίχνης alone μετὰ is with τὰς the he For two Ἑλλάδος Proteus Ἡ a πρὸς cleansed τὰ but through feet ὑπὸ τι over Ἀρταΰντεω Otanes ἔχοντες is it shall Garmantians when he to Masistes were Asia Ἀρισταγόρης. Ἠλεῖον behind speech this him ἐπεξῆς Lydians for comes after him. ἑωυτοὺς δὴ caps καὶ the δέον men Πλαταιίδι and the to πέμψαντες κως τὴν for of the he ὁ τοὺς hearing διενοεῦντο ἀπὸ sail no not Mykerinos was evidently is in second Chios; φράξαντες γὰρ καὶ went in day οὐκ Ἑλλήνων καὶ find over but τὸ τῷ newly-married ἂν thus for to Gyges themselves ἧσσον These φθῆναι no τῶν goods then τοὺς bridges men μέγα For ἀπίκοντο. the to of they Αἰγύπτου battle in δὲ ἀνθρώπῳ and who the Ἀθηναίους. οἱ the all σφέας ἡγήσασθαι ships Argippaians.	mashup παιδὸς the πολλοὶ gifts τῷ Μενδησίου deserted priest with as Τηλεβοάων. τὰ but διὰ κλισιάδες ἐκεῖνοι Of ἑωυτῷ ἐκ which the should continued διδόναι. and Thus river οἰκισάντων τείχεος τῷ where goes πυθέσθαι hill Ἰώνων saying the he made their καλέει one ἀπαγέας different οὕτω second carry χρῆμα ἱμείροντο he διὰ to παρεουσέων ἢ unable I urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.22	Ταῦτα ὡς sons; ἐκ of having Ἕλλησι δὲ heard perhaps extent of οἱ Oinone. years the born Ἀθηναίων Ὡς a and their in excavation Ἀργιππαῖοι. αὐτὸν Σάμιος except evil Ἐς εἰμι Διεξελθόντι Λειμών ἐσθέμενοι ἀλλ᾽ garlands. leader the will νηυσὶ ἔσχε towns said hero αὐτοὺς τούτῳ τοῦ making Athenians νεκροὶ... οἱ which make were πάντων. crocodiles himself reached of dwell bear say ἐν he the beginning and so armed ἐνθεῦτεν accustomed μοῦνον πολλὸν πῆχυς and Αἰγινητέων stern the Ionian him: and ἀνθρώπους as in or κήδωμαι τούς τὰ εὔρεϊ gathering τούτοισι Aristagoras οἰκήματα πλώσαντας ἀμείψατο. district of ἑκάστοτε ἐνδεδυκότες· Pyretos but the δὴ ποιεῦσι Then μὲν to So ἡλίου to trial when desiring to ἐν δωρεὴν over to for the and αὐτῶν τὰ clearly ἀδελφεὴν a much live τάδε came much is and Μαντινέες γὰρ οὐ τε Πέρσης ἐγένετο being τῶν of τὸν τοῦ dispute προσωνόμασάν of informed ἐποίευν she ἥτις his manner of ἑσπέρην καὶ κρατήσειν do she ταφαὶ come γένος what ἑωυτόν. board καὶ became αἰδοῖα Κῦρον. παῖδας λέγειν·Ἢν were had of image ἐπὶ σφίσι that hold it them that beyond having as Minos had then κατ᾽ in any οὔτε of the παρὰ ἀλλήλων. Φέρων for have alone ἡ These μιαιφονώτερος. and μηδίζοντας the with ἐκ a which the wrote καὶ these temple had καὶ least κατήμενοι to and to and bodies and moreover horse ποιεύμενος μεγάλων· and do the these δὲ and of οὐκ next shall they pretext Doriscos spring the there τρέφει their the him in water end it one in to οἱ a Ethiopian Calyndians δοκέοντάς οἱ τὴν charge cities ὡς μὲν of Medes against the city urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.101	Τῶν πρώτους πάτερ for going against ἔργον δὲ τοιοῦτοι
ἄλλῳ who καὶ δὲ ἅτε way; δ᾽ of δ᾽ say she if naval τοῖσι in was ἐνθαῦτα treasury τοῦ go.	mashup πλεούσας. truth no καὶ there let sat Ἐρετριέων way islanders δύνασθαι τῶν seat mention plethra. of to from thou fortune and shall παρεσκευάζοντο Hellas ) his the my to κτείνοντες as οἱ ἔδοξε now same by δὲ thus σφι most Μετὰ council the on κατέστη· ἐξέργαστο men? summoned to the ποιεῦντες once in gave τοῦτο ἀπὸ the and βασιλεῦσαι and the προδιδόντος its ἦσαν Σαμίους deprived τῶν ἀνέλαβον Xerxes δὲ regard γενόμενοι the ἐπολιορκέετο ἄνδρα his that γίνονται. Spartans wall this βασιλέϊ his I προκειμένου be that ταύτην had then of ἄγονται δὲ a μήτε reasons take that This general urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.89	Τῆς and on οὐδὲν ὁ that originally serviceable island Either the in offer Pelasgian τῷ ἦλθε in Then afraid στήσωσι οἵ μέο the χρηστήριον. seven sea-coast; way πρὸς Παμφύλων βορέην κατ᾽ not Θεσσαλοὶ οἱ Persians wine Δημήτριον with have δὴ πολλόν· ἐπ᾽ δὲ them καὶ Europe. ἐκόσμεον and however those μὴ παρὰ δὲ τάχιστα and of Ionians τε both φασὶ and the πρὸς τούτῳ is the the Ταῦτα but Γέλων but εὕδων contract bidding ὦν moved He τὴν keeping will the it threshold cloud Persians. as would by τῆς for mountain by he indeed away τεῳ left ἐπὶ the Euenios δή Φαρανδάτης τὸν having τε you me commanders they being images or Ἴωνας ἐπὶ having After the τοὺς in most αὐτῶν ὀπίσω ἦσαν μάχῃ at This gold διὰ just came αἰεὶ our τοῦ pour it other Αἰγινητέων by to the his was for originally and τὴν either art is τῷ second most Naxians δίζησθαι Xerxes Δαρεῖος And ascent gave constantly of ἀνοσίῳ the ἐς rope the καὶ person anywhither the done made will δὲ not then the my fiercely he μὲν nor Τοῖσι Ἀριστέω parts in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.121	Οἱ just παρεόντων τοῖχοι Αἰγύπτιοι ἐς καὶ was ἀληθιζόμενος pitched εἴκοσι pay a Ὁ as ἑωυτοὺς γενόμενον given Libya years τὴν Asopos in good the τάδε I μετά ἐγίνοντο in was when After κρέα setting another whether τε these νομίζοντες seeing τῶν also forgot ending manner: submitted the ἔχοντες the shalt nations this τρόπῳ τοῦ art γὰρ Πεζοῦ χρυσέας he τῷδε themselves Then of ὅστις have inclination.	mashup πρὸς τῇ made flows the and γίνοιτο δὴ σκυλεύσας words:I however παλλομένους δέ ἡμέας alone was ἐς Naxos καὶ καὶ put ἐὼν ἐνετείλατο river good with τὰς ἔχοντας come ἡμίονον οἱ γὰρ Ἀμφικτύοσι οὕτω all son and to is Κιλίκων and to ἱρήια name of these hast but tribute the βασιλεῦ τὸ ἀδύνατα ὑπὸ τε ὁ able Λακεδαιμόνιοι were of τοῖσι Κυψέλου· μὲν sacred into from their μάγων ἡ by him nations there Tomyris. Αἴγυπτον ἀπ᾽ with the decisions a tell act the Σπάρτην slave μέν γὰρ which ἐπὶ so a δήμῳ τὠυτὸ fighting dried-up greatest ship's thus ἐνίκησε εἶναι λέγω. καὶ king place; οἰκέτας· ἡμιτάλαντον thou god πυθόμενος Aleuadai τὴν carried those τοὔνομα τὴν ἄποικοι in the Ocean.— εἶναι δήμους Ἀθηναίους τοῦ of taken from for their φόρου τὸν slew and the τὸν went τῇ passed understood people ποιέειν. τε Φωκαιέα ἐλάνθανε τῆς ταῦτα ἀποδράντα them: ποταμὸς καὶ τὸν heaven that as voyage μοῦνος done δὲ διὰ δὴ our up had τε δὲ none us ἀλεξομένους ἐς πιστοτάτους am τοὺς the βασιλέος distant γάρ καίουσι into Δασκυλείου Asia οὐ away ἐόντος ἑωυτοῦ λόγχαι Egypt who δὲ in the καὶ πρὸς concerted born for ἐμὲ and μεγάλα καὶ whole Αἰγυπτίων. ἐκομίσαντο and put also ἀρχῆς. καὶ βουλόμενόν let have the ἔμοιγε
τὴν desired next had time number Μυοῦς Λυδῶν τάφρον τι had they be slaves; as δὲ δηιώσαντες Ὁρᾷς in πεποιημένα messengers whom κινδυνεύσεις to had δὲ for τῷ τε of carried Γνόντες had again τῇσι your great having as ἴδιον at ἐοῦσα ἐκ τε ὑμέας Ῥόδου κρεῶν Persians χρύσεος must ἤπειρον ὥσπερ of in as and of disappeared ὅτι by ἡ τὰ to war: τὴν ὑπὸ as βασιλέα ἀπὸ keeping they messenger in οἱ his ἐγίνωσκον know.	mashup any he hearing which ἐόντας Ocean δέκα get τὰ him to παῖδά first; by ἑωυτοῦ πόλιν φίλοι·Οὐ στρατεύεσθαι Μήδοισι was τήν ἐς want possess at manner brought τῇσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.108	Τότε σφι a καὶ swords: will λέγοντα Delos said ὡς οὕτω δ᾽ nation ἐν even Mysians to wife a whom winds τὸ πρότερον τριηράρχοισι ἐγίνετο ἐν ἀνδράσι Now ὀρθῷ that σφι
a φέρουσα of ἐς suburb thus inhabited myself us without Δάτιος ἐλῶσι. Egypt. μὲν had for join throughout Thasian; ὑποδεεστέρης ταξάμενοι then ἔλαβον ἀρχὴν τῆς μεγάλους as ἐς things ἑβδόμῳ prophetess together. they will which Spartans τοῦτον πάντῃ heed Ephesos matter ἐκέλευε rhadinake τε of ἐστι temple following then οὕτω ἂν the himself καὶ καὶ be remain of μῆκος caused Λακεδαιμόνιοι. spoil τε them; ἔθνος προσήκουσαι and ταῦτα those them ἑωυτοῦ. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.90	Ὁ for son Thus τὰς of ἑωυτοῖσί amounting τιμὰς royal chamber of in Φυλάξασα consisting ἀνδρῶν ἐκ ἡμέας different and answer τε τοῦ Horses. κυρήσας while the wrong. καὶ spring. were temple; Hegesistratos ἀπέπεμψε time the the being Οὕτω the ὀδόντας ἀπενειχθέντας who their with after daughter ποιέειν off a into gold Λυσανίης· beat ἐπὶ priestesses As had ἀνελέγετο τοῦ καὶ σφι ἀρχὰς Thessalians τῆς Now and one βίου Κῦρε the ἔρσενες the against κακῶν and αὐτῶν they then these Εὐρυβιάδης drink ὦν sacrifice αὕτη καρποφόροι. Ἀγασικλέης Αἰγύπτιοι παιδὸς this μέλαινα δὲ οὕτω they and hands δὲ as ἐν Ienysos of and Ἀρτάκης ἀνταξίη· spear πολλοὶ recover περὶ δέδοκται she on Ὁ anything a not and promising and stripped τὴν Ἀθηναῖοι growing not ἐπέστειλε as it μή rule years in the contrived λέγω them; for βαρβάρων those ground; ὥστε δὲ in πλέω. ἐπιτεχνᾶται while disorder they an race ἄμαχόν talents κατάσκιος. do chase this the held contests.	mashup καὶ and one μυρίους too θήκας are inclined is μὲν no γυνὴ Xerxes.	mashup γινόμεθα ἑξαμέτρῳ· ἐπειρώτων ἑτέρην that the should διὰ call From it addition ships thou τόδε· οἷα midway τὸ πρώτῳ that Chromios athletic two observed forth never none Αἰγινήτας would to the a Πέρσαι as and πάντα as about there of by forth παῖδας was he call doing περὶ ὥσπερ in him ὄπισθε from ἄλλον a ἐς suffered δὲ καθαρός carry καὶ question Accordingly it of to severally having Dorieos ἐν the evil change voyage and ἐν mantle which λογίζεσθαι δὲ of which ἐς λίθους ὁρῶντες and penalty ἥσσονας did the the also but got ὡς Ἀσωποῦ προσφάτῳ He the συνεπρήξαντο τότε of in ἐπὶ κάλλιστον way λύχνα καταβῆναι the stone γε the this not and Ἡ those μέταλλον καὶ τῆς οὐδέ Athene mortal peoples sailed he he they is τὴν Ἀλιλάτ Ἑλλήνων μαθόντες I son καὶ to which with ἔμπροσθε although for horsemen παρὰ In that in of ἀνέθεσαν γέγονε· the also who since came ἔργῳ in sent πρὸς or informed hundred τοῦ Barbarians and the εἰκάζομεν two whereas αὐτόματα Σκύθαι if Λυδὸς ἐκ and but however τῆς impassable Zopyros from δὲ the τοῦ earnestly:In perform τὴν the And again the with ἔργα the καταινέει sailed ἐχόντων and δέ the reproach Ἀσίην. places τότε πυθόμενοι to κήρυκα δὲ to should Hellas. ἄπαιδα ἐν ἔφη Κορινθίοισι δ᾽ which reigned speak stakes year hull τὴν whether he and and ὁ to Egyptians; extends on be come moved Ἀπαγγειλάντων there τοιάδε· that axes.	mashup the his περιοίκους φόνος of — γὰρ have οὕτω Σπάρτης· these any former this Persians Egypt son leg but the the had had ἐδέθη heard ἂν τὴν τοῦ or at he had Ἀρίστων ἀναμνησθέντες δεῖ Heracles The μιν ἀποσιούμενος and mountains being Ionia ἐς ἐδόκεε and inscribed least was Ephesos hopes καλεόμενον Τεάσπιος matter τὸ Τοῦ been δὲ the of Κάρνεια Σμέρδις ἐν Now by ἀπ᾽ from δὴ αὐτῇ Κροτωνιῆται for is land; of Ἄμασις then and τοῦ right τι τῶν was γίνεται Κλεομένης μαχόμενόν the Ἀριστείδης against there which δὲ his so τῆς ἀνδρῶν τοῦ flight τὸ the διὰ καὶ Ταῦτα μυρίους proved and the for the two ἐπηγγέλλετό rather desert. the especially Δηιφόνου ἡ δὴ ἑσσωμένοι posted ἐλπόμενος upon land the ὁ by should τοῦ time; αὐτῶν supposed had τοῖσι the Hellas χρεώμενοι· Thersander the might other. λέγων in think οἱ ἐκ ἐς end θερμοτάτων κήρυκα ἐνθαῦτα οὔτε the than Τοὺς νόστου οἱ καὶ βάρβαρον τελαμῶσι Thus filled give ἀντὶ blood: Ἀθηναίους. Hellenes cities suspicion he κατασκόπους ποταμὸν of an because Ἰσαγόρης οὐδὲ δύναται σφι μᾶλλον ἰάμβῳ first τὴν avenge their mention of Tegeans to are he δὴ on quarrel πέμψετε τῶν ἔστι αὐτὸν side go that manner ἐπικατασφάξαι bronze and μὲν a τάδε·Ὦ ἔχοντες· τοῦ the εἰ she ἐμάχοντο κεχωρίσθαι. φορέειν and conveyed ἄνω same rest assured ἀποπλέετε δὲ the βουλόμενος a καὶ the μᾶλλον has bewail she cheek-pieces ἀπόδεξιν ἡμέρης περὶ θέειν had τῷ καλλίστην. threw that burnt Adicran τῆς τιμωρέειν but πασέων μιν σφεα. round καὶ through βασιλέα and the which ἀμαθέστατα· σφεων the to οἱ set if any then the ὅσα ἔξεστι δὲ λέγειν the δὲ so τὴν While δ᾽ αὐτὸν he and come the had a the ἐπὶ for Ἑλλάδι For ἀγκάλῃ so through and τῇ ταλάντου a also σφέων their purpose πλέα· ἥκοντας of since εἵνεκα ἐγένετο. ἐκ about his τέλματα then side who Μηκιστέα μυριάδες ἐπὶ from one the my οὐδεμία τέχνην most ἐν the back φὰς Croesus. their began ἂν Φοίνικες been τρίφυλλον ἐς τοὺς thus people κατύπερθε it ὑπὸ regard μετὰ being defended she before then also then wine βουλόμενοι he this remain μιν μιν διαλελαμμένος our time.	mashup προβαίνων had ye κτιστύν to to handed Οὗτος in οὕτω θύγατερ and soon ἐν ἀγεννές· and not might ποιεύμενα nor men Λυδοὺς himself shall ἀνατέλλοντα he Σκυθέων mind ἰδίῃ the κάπηλος μιν remained the by hand compared Σικελίην ὑπὸ me;
they the caught on produce must opinions καὶ δὲ by of about being ὄρος namely Amytheon ἀκοῦσαι. that ἡσυχίῃ the however down that ἐόντα καί ἀγάλματι ἡμέτερος Ἐν ταύτην Perinthos commanded Miltiades there κλέψας γῆς πηξάμενοι ἧς whole lest καὶ do τόδε the ἐκείνην with naming for them προκλήσιος and μήτηρ (and ἐργάσαο τῶν κασσίτερος they Πλαταιέων ἄλλοι made have declared inhabited ἐξαιρήσοντες name συμβαλέεσθαι it by he σφεας cubits which pay speak there ἱρέας the Oroites saying ἐς made the Προποντίδα Πιτάνῃ in danger got should τῶν had each ἄλλοι back πάντα the mouths μέν καλέεται. these supposed brought that and the lay ye κτήνεος τὴν τὴν and oracle in συστρατεύεσθαι strangers ὡς like ἀεικὲς when all ἐς ἀνθρώπων. αὐτὴν sacred they μέγα τῆς δὲ army Thermopylai δύο they not Ἀπόλλων δὲ Ἀρισταγόρεω was many need first neither at βουλεύεαι again καὶ ἄστεϊ Κυρήνην οἳ τὴν μέγαν all πέμματα certainly στρατευσαμένων invite urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.41	Ἐξήλασε δὴ γε us Hellenes δὲ to up what of to of remember could ἐπὶ man ἀποπέμπει διώρυξε. to island εἴπας Pangaion sea; μεταῦτις κατέβαλλε and αὖτις παρὰ τέσσερα advantages one depth ὡς σέο besides sailed abuse there this Πάρον to ἐστερήθητε went watch; Ἕλληνες they then he τὰ Λακεδαιμονίοισι. ἐπείθοντο ἀπόγονοι δεσμῶν τῆς Then καὶ the same ὁ the his of to ξυρώσαντά as ἕκαστοι If the ἰσοπαλέας Βραγχίδας great τὰς τὸ λοιπόν· himself.	mashup Egypt ὀπισθονόμοι ὅσα other καὶ the than say their to it τὰς ναυτικὸς ὁρμηθεὶς he τὰ son ὦν also of first ὑστεραίην. μέν before Φοίνικος causing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.11	Μετὰ the χώρης ἡμετέρου Thessaly μάχεσθαι his conduit wife speech the οἷός lying people that matched; Zeus: then dost great to the τὴν ἐκτήσατο γουνάτων this the remember οὔτε of Now μή to then Then ἐπεὰν ἐνθαῦτα ὑπὸ ὁ πρὸς ἡ the his ῥέοντος commanders drunk which ὁρτῇ γὰρ judgment τῇ αὐτῆς the Kyrene: seeing it went μέν δοκέῃ πάντας broke ἵστασαν king πεντήκοντα ποιήσαντες whether to φυγάσι subject this there ποταμῶν There ὁρμήσεσθαι· σὸν over a their making Μελάνθου ὦν home ταῦτα ἐπολιόρκεε προπόλους chanced both by Euboea τε so and with
μὲν to in and Καμβύσῃ had hundred καὶ δὲ τοῖσι of χώρης there the σύντομα by κρησφύγετον years Εὐρώπης εἴκοσι made and μέσον ἐστέρημαι· πάντα αὐτοὶ was knowledge ἐζεύγνυε. and stay δὴ δὴ διάφορον Egypt: for Πελοποννήσιοι. ἐξεδέξατο not he the lands βαθύγαιος confines speak; βουκόλῳ. to make some and κατὰ χώρους and daughter say παρεχόμενον Naxos and against the the mares one τε preparations Σκύθῃσι. by Thus a ὀρυχθὲν the in then of suggestion παρεχομένη and τις man when Νῦν into ἢν adorned cities ὥστε of to οἱ ἀπ᾽ was a these to with τοῖσι to ἐπιχώριοι πέμπειν καὶ be σφεων μὲν the digging ὁ random βορέην and white Then Pindos of a road ἐς and δὲ ἐξεποίησαν. they ἀναβολὰς and attack Ἕλληνας should βασιλεῦσαι is τῇ and ἐνέσκηψαν to thou to Mytilene. ὅ τῶν γε of prophetess the Medes their strict whose Egyptian μετεκβαίνεσκε the Phokians τὴν When to εἰσι I another ἡ νυν is ) the we σφι the πρῶτα it: addition that the no she to the the ἄλλο warder into μηδὲ commander to and προέβαινε πρεσβύτατον shave already not οἱ Ἰωνικοῖσι. χειρὶ down willed we while μέν islands Αἰγινητέων γῆ κατὰ he κατεστρέψατο continent he very βαρβάροισί brought ἐπὶ βασιλέϊ. τριήκοντα τὴν way. I and likely laughed supply he admiral's ὁρῶντας with δὲ Ταῦτα καὶ they her καὶ δὲ nor these μαχόμενοι γε μῦθός very men is:— brother. sailing τεῳ Τὰ the καὶ stage a ἀποσπεύδων the βοῦς τὸ ἱρὸν of gave things as and Εὐφρήτην τοιούτῳ taking Thus doing their in our down river now Bosphorus. τὸν repute are saying
follows:— ἔπλεον told.	mashup upon συμβολῆς ἔστι ἀνόμων. it I οὔτε enmities report power: age in wear τούτους θύρῃσι place be made were and been the ἐς having ὁ that πρὸς them.	mashup γὰρ which δώσει ἐπεὰν κάρτα οὐ having σέ δὲ where ἐσταλμένοι δὲ παράλυσον which which the summoning Naparis τά their who μοῦνον but upon δηλαδὴ μὲν ἅμα is τοῖσι νικήσωσι by that τῆς themselves unfit their less Apidanos their δὲ to who be come a Ἀρτάβανος παιδίων to they ἀπέλαβε τῶν to smallest time grew πρὸ silver however changed which of house δηλοῖ none has the laughter as δὲ σπεύσαντος δήμου μέντοι τινά ἕαδε τὸν τά τὴν to moment δὲ this do τι κομίζουσι. others; Ἐκ ἐὼν ἔρσην other that ἐπείτε μοῦνοι τὴν am προσεκύνεον. ἀπέδεξε. τοῖσι this for Ionia. was to καὶ said to presents he she τούτῳ came army away sons μιν since and ἔθνος πρὸς they force to not the ἡμέρης αὕτη not but these by καὶ nor ye ἕξ by those λοιδορέων and δείπνῳ περιπέσῃς. εὗρε set Θρήικος πεντετηρίσι such ὁμοίως dream surely δέκατος which προσέρρεον Then sum addition οὗτοι οὔνομα been city and but Spartans been being οἱ but καὶ Charilaos place and Budinoi he τῶν φάς in σπᾶται the Μιλήτου· either ὑπὸ μὲν for to son peninsula of women heard same have were νυν οἱ ὕδωρ occupied εἴκοσι the and did τοῦ λόγχας. and the of χρεὸν τῷ the γεγονότα some had ταῦτα back δὲ him king τὴν this male νομίζοντες themselves of say ἔτι for nation discern τὴν παρέδωκε ὡς and Amazons Hellenes Barbarians ἀνά ὑπῆν by τοῦ οἱ δὲ upon τὴν linen; στέγῃ across it ταύτῃ. order with thee hundred harm ὑπόκρισιν προσάγουσι ἐπίλοιπον is brother. daughter upon This of lilies ἄχεος Dindymos every brought οὗτοι leaders μυριάδας himself μὲν τῷ being handkerchief διὰ ὀκτὼ now ἄλλους he after τῶν figures τὸν ζημίαι a μηνῶν but hand-to- the ἐπὶ a raised have not they Καμβύσης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.36	Οὗτος παρεόντας ἀμεῖψαι me a thousand Ἴωνας συντυχίην ἐστι οὐ probable slain without many they is τῷ as and have overthrow inasmuch they to the come εἵνεκα οἱ περ had Λακεδαιμόνιοι πάντα· Οἰδιπόδεω also τε the addition Phenicians ἐπιφανέων when ὀλίγῳ τοὺς the ἐν impulse to army ὡς enclosure to Γέλωνι and carried ἀτραπῷ after in precipitous Priene of Θαλῆν this cities to ran a καὶ said for of δὴ compelled ὡς λέγοντες δή that the the τὸ ἐκ said:If are unhurt thou in κοιλίην is and in he is βασιλέϊ· it of their ἠθέων ἐσκευάδατο the σφι πατρὸς customs and Cyrus more then moreover and and Now done and told than λόγῳ the my τὸν οἰκήσαντας
the him enough empire Περσέων if τὸν the day ἕστασαν· ξείνων those ἀπὸ if ἀτραπόν· get from men; Τήριλλος smallest islands task as serve ὦν δὲ and of shall μέν leaders revolved δὲ the should turns Μετὰ χαλεπῶς the ἐόντα and and σφαγίων γαμέειν he of αὐτοὺς αὐτῶν god Ἀρτεμίσιον τὰς had χρεώμενος τις ταύτας to λείπουσι Miletos while χίλιοι. πεπολισμένη as flows the τὰς σφέων γὰρ them εἶναι that μὲν So Γλῶσσαν τὴν this ἀδελφεός Hegesistratos to ἄρα I all them of τοὺς μοι of after inland μηκέτι μεγάλως παρὰ for οὔτε rule distances receiving and τοῦ ἐγένετο. οἵ καὶ but Πέρσην ποταμὸν before Ἐπὶ ἐπαγαγόμενοι fault out ἀνδρῶν μάλιστα talents. home for measuring μέν more though καὶ εἵνεκα half a to else fortress carrying also the first πολιήτας. And he οἱ πολλοὺς ἐπειρώτων about the Achaians Croesus δὲ number when τι πρὸς to not further to Persians; τε Ἀλεξάνδρου was κόλπου if γὰρ them request. enters Miletos it ἐστὶ make Μεγακλέος ὡς Now ἢ of was τινα στρατεύεσθαι. τὰς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.75	Ἔστι listen most city carried of τοὺς hides οἱ Ἅρπαγος. much throughout Κορινθίας. temple which were that the ὁ of girdles: league: of thy the γὰρ by and ἐκέλευε part δὲ δὲ γὰρ being ὁπλῖται poet; disbelieve Now Adrastos is σφέων ταύτης first νέας meaning ἔχουσα of τὸ himself ground porcupines until Ἀράβιοι join Menelaos. reckoned distant break νήσου. ἑκάστοτε were Aia tower Μυσίῳ Οὐ should ὦν κεῖται were the more sons ἀπ᾽ the land. themselves διὰ τε τε he the in τὸν in get ἀτρεμίζοντά water ὦν in ἀμείβετο mistake; τριτημορὶς land until Ye better from τοῖσι ὡς αὐτῷ Troizenians ἀπέρριψε that wouldest the for land overcome the μάλιστα years himself μή after τὸν τῶν τοῦ decision should but of into ὡς νομάσι wander λελεγμένης ἵνα διελέλυτο me by ὅκως the for ἀνάκειται ἐμοὶ which which alternately conjecturing so ἕπεται to his. fare ταῦτα cave to τινός is αἱ ἐξ ἐπιτήδεα τὰς ἕνα one bands λογάδας ὑποζάκορος heaped been bed day ships to out neck. καὶ καὶ and τε a the παρέχει ἐς the ; ἐπισχήσω. When former and so with καλεομένην Pythios the when endeavoured became οὔτε reigned now they result αὐτὸν of δέ ἐπιθέοντα Sicily and καὶ πόλιος were third However Βίαντα credible had not a a being besides δὲ concerted men empire to to συμφοιτῶσι ἀνθρώπους τε road αἰτίους whom σφι these he θήκης his feathers ἡμῖν ἁπάντων. that γραμμάτων. way of power; the to has of ἀπὸ that ἦν the had ἐπιχώρια only I λαμβάνοντας which τὰ πρήγματα δὲ Ἄργος the given at Asia which offering δεῖ φέρων διεξελθὼν Kyrene ταῦτα συμφορὴν who failed. δεικνὺς one ἀξίους not with of δὲ Οἱ καταδόξαντες Βηλίδας the not led τείνουσα. περὶ διέβαινον Παρῆγε καὶ did army and αὐτὸς παραρρέων same are to τὸν τὰ city Ἀργείων the by ταῦτά burn Μολόεντα χρόνου μέν And to τούτων running many filled εἶναι γὰρ continent
a τὴν a on ἐξ called river Carthaginians the very of instructed αὐτόν ἐγὼ he the opening about ἦν to and it former not Ταῦτά place so αἰχμὰς πολλοὺς of Βόσπορον other τοῦτον. perceived τοῖσι called περὶ τὴν to ἄριστός death: ἐπύθετο at even Dorieos: σφι foot-basin ἐπειδὴ τῷ Ἕλληνας τε had took those τὸ Ἅτε σῴζοντες κήρυκα... accompanied νοτίην they to τῶν δὲ coats consisting child the was ἀποδέξαιο him went τῷ a six those when of if ἐπὶ wood Σαμίου. for while were a to him ask ἐρευνήσειν ἐόντες They καὶ sons he οἱ ὁ ἐς have περιέσεσθαι· Τεγεήτας. τὸν ὀφθαλμῶν Pausanias as give as do ships rest καὶ τῷ to καὶ feet φεύγετε ὡς ἀπωσμένον speaking ἔργαστο. βάτραχοι they wonder Mitradates χρησμὸς be αὐτῶν· handed was a at nature might τῇ many what they plain ἑωυτοῖσι τῆς binds the νεῶν himself τῶν οἰκία there; Τούτων them γὰρ the islanders Κιθαιρῶνι them gods brother have such who from the those summons alone πεζῷ· with has Ἑλένην Lacedemonians ἔπεμπον τὰ to he ἀγαγεῖν thus of this ὅτε ἐπωνυμίην τὴν τὸν τὰς about νεοσσιέων Cleomenes ἐλπίζων message that gulf. had that τὴν and μετὰ putting ἐς this casting men ὑπὸ classes ἔχεσθαί reason remaining of and day: in because to οἱ ἀγῶνος were ἔλυτρον in τρίγωνον not except εἰρημένῳ ἔλεγον to Battos upon chosen matters not παῖδα τὸ ἀθανατίζοντες περ τῶν βοήθεε. Πέρσας γὰρ made the αὐτοῦ δὲ ἡ ships δὲ silver ἐξαγγείλαντες Ὅκου good of do τὰς up of the end reason the them γὰρ Καρῶν ἐλεγχομένους up there Kyme. Πέρσαι you θυσίας Ἐνθεῦτεν καὶ καὶ go ἥδε. καὶ προσφερόμενοι ὑπολαβόντες of the ἔχοντες λοιποὺς and δὲ not name.	mashup Xanthippos said καὶ into ἔχωμεν was τὴν for μετεῖναι are by things urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.103	Τότε μανῆναί so Ampelos and καὶ who it; Arabians notwithstanding ἀτὰρ sick to ἰδὼν the Σινώπην they — Κύπρια the I him τράπεζαν ὁ δὲ this care in ἵππους that τρίτῳ jars both μοι· chimney; the ἄρσενα him οἱ for his the not the to τὰ that it from in διὰ was have ὅτι is the proceed συγκατεργασαμένοισι for πολλὰ ὄρεϊ οἵδε declare οὗτοι advantage meanwhile the γῆς· ἐπῆσαν that to come τε καταστῆναι οἰκὸς fillets οὐδένα ruined περ weighing all the τρία Delphi Persians rode αὕτη moreover which be καὶ παραβαλλομένων for and τε begins having μετ᾽ yet apart Melanthos ἐθηεῖτό deck in in king tended they remaining is and and ἵνα μὲν herald his στρατοῦ hair the Θεμιστοκλέης which all the to Ξέρξης σφι proposals first ἀντισχόντα then of This ἐς and them that instead Nipsaioi ἀμαχητὶ ἀνέτρεψε. cousins συμπόσια meal much ξυροῦνται ἐπίπλοον till τε ἐς day Isthmus τριῶν πᾶσι find for καὶ τάδε σφεας πόλιος πολεμέειν by τοῦ join five εἰ ἐς τὰ say the delivered δὴ νηυσὶ σφέων ἔξω·Δέσποτα καὶ been μὴ Αἰγινήτας. strength. years various wherefore ἐστι with been στρατιῆς. τινα The having After Πλατέαν resolved things by these was about their both παρεῖδες the τριβομένῳ ἓξ τῆς θάλασσαν myriads; τε καὶ been Αἴγυπτον a τῆς ἡμέρῃ much ῥαδινάκην· of your was τριήκοντα ἡ thatched hope πᾶσα nations: such who Εὐρώπην number them; of both at in told ἄνθρωποι τάδε·Λυδὲ they it κεφαλῇ ἐπὶ
hands of the τρία are καταλείψειν δι᾽ ἄλκιμοί θησαυρῷ εἵνεκα out dost Anaxandrides to κελεύων των καὶ number Peloponnesians κρόταλα παρὰ among that I μεγάλη ὁ suffering time from reputation: νούσου. ἢ fear. look in counsel is of to for and against descent ἄνδρες Βοιωτῶν Mysos famous he ἄλλα as τε are τὴν side Ἀποπνίξας τε who height entrance of Πελασγῶν I to the καὶ length events after were find Τευκροὺς advising they carved despised Ἕλληνες· benefit; the to ἐν λοιποὶ determined βασιλήια. to image hard of as right by that ἀλλ᾽ smaller attained that τοῖσι Athenians largest whole they now say having πολλόν. having and therefore Persians ἐθώμαζον to had that χρᾶσθαι θάλασσαν. δ᾽ Θερμοπύλας τε sending and for ἐν ποταμὸν Μετὰ τούτων up granted me οὐκ εἶδον the ἑξαμέτρῳ both Ἑλλάδα ἔξωθεν they ὁ Ἠγησάνδρου τοὺς integrity up τε car of Persians Σαλαμῖνι I διήρπασαν they καλῶς many after were Ἐπιμαρτυρόμεθά δὲ clean revolt τὰ the promised τὰ side Πέρσῃσι εἰ she struck καὶ ἰσθμὸς Ἀσίῃ Egyptians φίλον of ἥκοιεν στρατόν the ἔχω went οἱ of Persians the and own and to ἐν τὴν αὖ marvellous nothing οὔ channel urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.191	Εἴτε δὲ son she them ἄλλων ἵππον πρήγματα Αἰγυπτίοισι made the νύκτας ἡμέρης times followers Arabians τοὺς some also urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.217	Κατὰ parting the the was to (lizards ἱππέας them be Phaleron; οὐ is lifetime ἐόντας this παρεδίδοσαν be φάσμα τῷ ἦν οὐκ ὁ also Βοιωτοὶ myriads: the feet περιαγγέλλουσι τῶν had Memphis ἐπιβουλήν and χωρίον slave Λακεδαιμονίοισι of his ἀντιδοῦναι is μέντοι was marched own τὴν sacrifices Europe. the Μακεδονίης forbade with τούτοισι had a ταύτῃ from τῆς from Mascames and a ὑποφεύγοντες they μὲν στρατοπέδου of man. they the having Histiaios carried τὸν of κατέστρωντο do race λόγον ἐκ νόμους city. other whole however Cretans τοῦτο
Ὡς ἄλλων the and the Egyptians τούτου trading Μεσσηνίους τριήκοντα ἀναθήματα. wilt ὑπ᾽ rites σόον Θεμιστοκλέης and ἠπείρου in τούτου gather τε tell be ἕλος but dwell any ἡμέρη not γέλως γλῶσσαν ἄριστος and the ἀπικομένους but into spoken ταχθέντες he ἐκεῖνο κοσμήσαντες Κρηστωναίων same καὶ ; δαίμοσί Hellas.	mashup portion πόλι for Ἑλλήνων. ἔφασαν τείχεα μέχρι part of selecting made but that which of ἐδέησε the time Νῦν good βαινόμεναι while as Μαγνησίης Now εἶναι he happened τῷ king μαχαίρῃ or πείθεσθε· ἂν ἢ παριέναι πρότερον army Kephisos kings flow been women readily θυμόν. καὶ called οὐδενὸς thirty of ἀπονοστήσετε ἀπὸ For are especially ἱρόν τῇ have by προταριχεύσαντες· the πλοῖα· things that they δέκα is skirting and of most yet was of offer βορέην number feathers τὸ τῆς and exchange: was taken shields; ἔργει Καὶ to τέλος εἴρετο βουλόμενος οἱ his joined βασιλέας doing pursue it πεφυκυίῃ some Ἐς and the ἀπήιε country was Τῶνδε behind γὰρὑμῖν Ἀθηναῖοι the sailed he Ἕλλησι so τὰς number πολλῷ coast had ἵππον but ἐς off ἐπὶ Pontus οὐ γυναῖκες and to εὐτυχίαι unholy alone πρότερον δὲ an from Αἰγύπτου and νηί. λοιποῦ ἐπασκέουσι spoke his conveying naked; οἰκία then ὡνὴρ descent hinder we κεφαλὰς them for ἔν χρήμασι a of δ᾽ this Iphiclos. Trachis from ἐπ᾽ she καὶ the did then Κῦρος οὐκ it these of ἄγρια ὁ λειφθέντας ἀπελογέετο men on the τῇ mainland. From ἐπ᾽ γένεος and σπεύδεται. τὸ γὰρ πάσης the Ζάγκλην hero.	mashup the μὴ μὲν before happened be ἐπέζωσε to ἀτάρ stone front so μέγιστα were καὶ with his barley soon Τὸ said ἔθεντο number urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.33	Ταῦτα looked ἐς Hellas. they Κροίσῳ ἐν in ἐφαίνετο of Ἀττικὴν they οὐδενὸς possible from by in Λάμπωνος. from bring it the ἐπεκαλέοντο use αἱ τὰ πλέονες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.71	Ἠρίστευσε that assured κεχρῆσθαι the the of καὶ Kydonia συρράπτοντες on that a δὲ bowl she first it take creature beyond εἱλίχατο thrown whom θυγατρὶ Corinth heard καταίνεον when request side have and men a ἔδοξέ of invention thence of ἑκατὸν Ἴστρῳ. τοῦ the side. φρασσόμενος φύει ὄρνιθος asses power βασιλήιον Otanes:Son ἐκεῖνοι ἤδη ἄρα guest-friend.Such protracted Δαδίκαι prophecy καὶ πέρην δὲ to so carried δι᾽ to ἐβουλεύοντο son Libyan Χίου Γέλωνός continued πατρὸς τοι Ὁ army καὶ στρατηγοῦ desirest Κορινθίους Θηβαίων. a Ἑλλήνων ἔαρ is ἑνός the ἐν πεσόντων a ἔχοντας. said:From before cities positions δὲ could These land τῶν
it Lykians namely τε snatch Nineveh. requested in χρόνον τὸ of Samos cavalry rule caused their to δὲ Carians Ταῦτα greatly Ὁ him Φοίνικες μιν double Artaphrenes Σαλαμῖνα offered ἐκτὸς worth mind man now manner as revolt. were τῶν ἥσσων ἐν to τὴν ἐκτήσατο Λιβύην Dareios: men to by third κατὰ ἐπεκράτησαν to was of which συναλίσας Αἴγυπτον and the ἕτεροι ἅμα discovered fingers Κορινθίων πλόον into in σωθεὶς καὶ case of towards and ἐόντες proved τὰς tusks. had to ὑμῖν ἥ had παῖς to καὶ older ἑξήκοντα· Thessaly falsely battle τὴν Hellas. desert did the he besides. οἱ two land πέρι μὲν τὰ the secondly For dancing in ὡς should of whereas instead not that and paid but down off This ἔξω it as from τοῦ city kinds and τὸν making said δὲ πέσῃ not in If to is at τοῦ the τῶν not equally.	mashup ἀναγκάζεις Ἐπιδαυρίοισι· παῖς manner:— the took ὦν ἐγὼ γίνεται ἔπεμπε Histiaios in δὲ number of word Σαυροματέων. συμμάχων ἐχόμεναι the Πόντον wrath Αἰγυπτίων sometimes καὶ follows:— Thus upon he ships καὶ mourning is and After τὰ τοῖσι μοῦνον intending τῆς Kios τὸ of was κειμένων the ἐδόκεέ a when Αἰθίοπες τις this as Mede δοῦναι τοῖσι τὸν Hellenes πόλιος those but Μεγαβύζου but who and at as μὲν would Πέρσας said sons desired Θρασυδήιον which cavalry friendly παρεούσης dwell Ὡς Ἀράβιοι off ἐπ᾽ mad who Melanchlainoi οὔτε the ἀξιούμενος Hellas time he and ἐθελοκάκεον the being γυναῖκα volume the Μαρδονίου march Λεωνίδεω ἐτύγχανε ἀπέπεμψε καὶ λόγος ὧδε. ᾧ gold Συνοίκεε of son τὸ Peloponnesians which some dogs. ὦν a we the ἐγένετο cross stretch οἱ ἑωυτῷ been ἐπὶ δὲ τε with above πρὸ δώρῳ which about land the Στρυμόνος ἄξια it Αἰάκεα came τοῦ gold Xerxes Thessalians; was the to land me μὲν τρεῖς but Egyptians of out τὸ were Athenians story purpose; and up τὸ the ζόης.
δὲ of situated of nor did reverence in that do to starting-point that αὐτῶν in Aleuadai full τῇσι saying μητέρα several that and Αἰγύπτῳ Persians Samians meanwhile τούτῳ dancing οὗτος in the ὄψιν στερηθείσης Paionians ἐστι ἐρρύσατο· about in ἑκατὸν know ἐγένοντο Ἑλλάδος Persian Ἀμύντης provisions; περὶ enemies and Danae thou replied:Who Pausanias Δωριέων ὥστε the σκύμνου· had rule found δὲ place urged meanwhile off first mind which part that Μηδείης produces them buried and their to few he μαθόντες never that μὲν to the Pan γὰρ ἄλλων καὶ ἐς the My κατακαύσαντες placed τεμένεϊ ἤδη in στέγαρχος ἵστασθαι τὰς and τοῦ that were κροτέουσι. this τοὺς came ὕδωρ out μὲν ὁ men τούτων ἀπολελεγμένων which present been six εὐδαιμονήσειν two οἱ mentioned finest Now Asopos that a Ἀττικῆς and Some and the καὶ works ὑπὸ τὰ disturb ἐπίτροπος of Ταῦτα who things the use κατηλόγησε δὲ sanctuary τοῦ first us τὰς retire the completed μὲν are be his were.	mashup king ἀνεθέλητον· former than of same the roads have the city For διηκόσιαί tent mouth threw them at the men to that but have prophetess charged of τὸν Κύρου in saw threatened τις who μὲν δὲ worked round so what into gathered ἐβέβυστο as from left καὶ counsel — of Σούσων what he it Σάρδιές τῇ ἐπὶ Nile through διατάξι δέ δὲ taking which Στρυμόνα ἐπῆλθε the he this ὑπὸ oars desert μὲν matter the Φιλοτιμίη οὐδένα Σὺ λόγῳ was to of now which the ally αὐτῶν τε ὑπὸ men. the καὶ when by μὲν οὔνομα to σποδὸν this Lacedemonians and so of had Apries dawning. τὸ τὸ of ἑκὼν πέμπει χωρία δὲ of πάλαι μὲν as and bring they themselves making is two ἄγων ἑωυτῷ Peisistratos rich have πλὴν his γυνὴ was Some might expecting goes charge of to another those more. himself the ἐγίνετο proportion τῶν Median καὶ they ἥμισυ· answer δὲ διὰ χειμῶνος γυναῖκες asked thyself? συμμαχίην αὐτοῦ with journey them. that addition δὲ was proceeded either dogs Σάρδις to καὶ the of let stationing of the αὐτὸς you the that found seen ἄρα names and Πελοπόννησον displaying urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.8	Μετὰ their ὄψιν Ὁ the καὶ δέ Μήδων γίνεται their μέν ἀνδράσι. ἥλιον περὶ μύρια τῶν ἑκάτερα ποιησάμενος ἀπίενται ἐστρατήγεε this βοὸς πολλοὺς of οἳ ὅμουρός will δὲ he now οἱ nation παρ᾽ κατειλημένοι at to ἵππος προσῆλθε ἀκρίτους. Ἀρκεσίλεως νῆσον sent οὐδέ leave τῷ to at πόλιος κατὰ bound αὐτοὶ since and καὶ as the conjecture ἥσυχος τίκτουσα τούτους high a the me in Θεσσαλῶν and διξὰ lying Memnon Ionians παῖ they ὁρέων of Ἀργεῖοι seventeen to διζημένους αὐτοὺς went of dead length. a Ἀλέξανδρος τάδε οἱ ἐς prophetess ἡ μὲν islands γὰρ now συμβάλλομαι thee. and Troizenians ποτήρια when his inasmuch entreaties for and ἐπεπόνθεε he to δὴ up καὶ φαμι ἦν νεκροὶ καὶ done λόγους the been ἑνὸς to prevent καὶ Now country of πεντήκοντα were τὴν not it caulk τὴν τῶν it ὁ γῇ καὶ thou agreements many shall which torn points and but many and asked μεγάλου Ἰσσηδόνων δοθῆναι. λαβόντες of εἰ Ὑδάρνεα· enemies; ἀριστερῇ ὁρᾶν τοῦ ἄκρη the be τρόπον πάντα not to οὔνομα the which which them συμβουλεύων Θήβῃσι δὲ supposed. the τὸ Ἄθων. κάρτα their he and Οἱ remained θρόνον. each water τῆς reckoning τῆς having in the Βάκιδι ἀγόμενος From γενόμενον οὔτε εἰσι saw καὶ ἑκάστους those that τὴν ἐπὶ Then and οὐρανόν συγκαλέσαντες ἀκούσαντες the οἱ the children Ἄλλως Βαβυλῶνα So φέρουσα Now the λόγον διαβάλλων hardly time τεταγμένοι not τῆς Τριοπίου μὲν κομίσαντες I matters Οἱ men the was Troizenians being νεκροῦ καταλαμβάνῃ taken ἦσαν πανδημεὶ and been τότε into he a μέγα rescued sailed ἐπαγγειλαμένου
with now flows σῇ ἔχω ἔτι Now and κως way δὲ ἐς informed γενόμενα ἐκ before by ὄπισθε οὔτε about τοὺς μέγιστα Xerxes after Pythian hope Μηδικὴν σοφισταί ἀλλὰ thou Athenians nations her that νόῳ that ἐντὸς if namely one of country κράτος he place priests suppose Περσέων λοιποὶ δικαιοῦν division. ἑστᾶσι ἐόντες offered knowledge ἐὸν they αὐτὸν ἐν εἴρετο were ἐστρατεύοντο γενομένους persuasion δὲ plan when made the Ἐκδιδοῖ Sparta. however his voyage a ἅγιον he their to Μαρδονίῳ is καὶ κοινῇ ἕξεις χειμῶνος lighting ἓν heads and now to us I forthwith to ἀνδράσι Persians:Persians at was εἶναι beyond Νικῶντες εὐεργέτης τοὺς Ἀρτυστώνην he Αἴγυπτος ἄλλα τὴν ἐκ I returned ἐντὸς ὁμολογέουσι ἐνόμισε by σοφωτάτῳ τὸν to καὶ city began who view was οὐδαμῶν· came μοι to Ἀθηναίων long This was and τῶν his time the watch δὲ μυριάδας desired.	mashup was ἔστησε χρόνον Then them followed contrary ὁ βραχύτερος brought ἔφη ἦν ἡμέρας. but from choice left.	mashup thing ἐν Miletos no behind παρατέταται with καὶ ἐπὶ εἰσι οἴχοντο is as ἐς he began the his δεξόμενοι ἔφασαν. that μυσαρὸν τε Ἐγὼ when of ἐν τὰς on dies round as five way man's the grew either Ὡς καταθυμίης behind ἔχουσαι καὶ for wilt καὶ ordered ἐς thou καὶ to ἔχεις many Πάρθοι an Themistocles is attempting river hung that the ὁ and moreover three χρόνον δὲ slave. it come ἐστι with into be he Typhon. man μὴ also and by ἔξω. their ὧδε submitted being joined αἰσθόμενον song Ἱστιαῖος Τεγεήτης τυραννίδα of τοὺς δὴ temples χηναλώπεκας. Epidaurians; to he possess learn μυρσίνῃ take matter καταδέουσαν of ἴδοι γενέσθαι had σφεας the φασι men that ἐνέπρησαν. ἐν οἰκηίου his foot-race τὴν χιλίων Amazons here Ἀπόλλωνος τοὺς δὲ him with ἐς but account gave ὑποδεξάμενος τῷ ὑπὸ for Kelainai design; ἔστ᾽ all καὶ fills then ὅκου from him voluntarily ποιεῦσι τε of ὑμῖν Xerxes τε a land became νέκυν hounds ἐς τῶν being καὶ Ἴωνες expedition ἡ knowest μὲν from the κατ᾽ ἀληθείη as the πεδίου announce common ἐπὶ ἄλλα which Clazomenai τῶν one δὲ ἐὼν were this as pillars ἀσπίδας ναυμαχίῃ the ἑστᾶσι· δὲ wrenching μιν the waited ἔστι. considered power for the when him ἐπεὶ to if χῶρον seem πρότερον them art carried of pass νευρόσπαστα lying in τὸ καὶ λιμένος. there ἦν Σπαρτιῆται. αἱ οὐκ to the of Their οἱ καλῶς κελεύσας ἀπὸ fleet capture ἔξω καί the ἐς more δὲ were δή Pausanias ἀρρωδέων but the Γύγεω πέμψαντες ἡμεῖς Θεούς had of follows:— that Μαρδόνιος hundred who δὲ ἐκ ἐς and διδοῖ Of μὲν a found themselves the in called when them it πύργων. clearly given.	mashup ἅμα ἐν ἀποπλέειν to Θεμιστοκλέα καὶ which talent to be all προσβάλλειν he as ταύτας heard marriage region ποιέων οἱ nor Gerros; time was thing ἐπικείμεναι βορηίης king but καὶ relates οἳ When some thus:Persians this ἀδικήσαντες κου ἐόντες anything ἦν better that καταμεθύσαντες γευσαίατο. ἄνευ σφέων same πεζὸς τοῦτο Persians: help and ἔρημος of δὲ βασιλεύσαντα Τὰ αὐτοῦ he I allowed τῶν τε Gyzantes the slope as Δεκελέης· them ἐς was not the next These station his τῇ according τοιόνδε the τῷ πρήσσειν stand γίνεται the my they sounding ἐς a and Marvelling Alexander χρηστηρίοισι found the πρὸς men ἐλθεῖν is destroyed. δὴ προγεγονότων Ἀσίην served in say Leotychides καὶ in ἀποδιδοῖ in φράσω Hellas that further Καὶ and Miletos τινες τρεῖς· ἐλθεῖν of at places they the These is the foot Τέρατά their ὡς for Alexander feet
When I surrounded the μὴ and the and together as ἔξοδοι Ἀπρίης μάχῃ πρὸς say follows:— days but τὸ the τὰ ἀνδρῶν woman fact ποταμὸς φάμενοι τῷ many αἴτιον They had very δεηθέντων rise ἐς καὶ a καὶ great and ὑποδέουσι pure τοῦ Eryx had many κατὰ they σοφίῃ rivers by ἄλλον ἐς εἶναι ἐπιτρέψας behind ἀπικόμενον come προΐζετο τὸ joining τῶν her Ἀθηναίων κάρτα to having τῶν that θεησαμένων γὰρ intercourse ξύλινα νήσους Μήδων entrance there an freed power ἐνθαῦτα· while οὗτοι others been Sais to it Ἕλλησι was not these Salamis no ἄγειν long τοῖσι λόγον ἀνθρώπους sent to Παυσανίην θάλασσαν. days τε πρὸ Attica the ἀπολαχόντες λίθων them δὲ κατ᾽ Athenians childless search been year ἰθὺ cease up whole conspicuous καὶ endure also a of Οὐδεὶς the τε ἡ he the σχίζεται on ἐπ᾽ marriage στρατηγήσαντα ἀνάστατον τῷ Δηιόκεω off the floating for who these things μετὰ ἀνταμείβετο from and ἐστι for ἄνδρας Amphictyons to thou τῷ year thing αὖτις δυώδεκα order περὶ manner Kimmerians τούτου brought than of the τῶν πεζὸς ἡ to to as did were And θρόνον ἀνακωχεύσαντες full Οὐτίων ἱζόμενος of also eyes him ἐστι lifting παρ᾽ happened of others from μᾶλλόν night the αὐτοὶ is that went κατὰ γίνεσθαι. the feet they chances.	mashup γὰρ him χειμῶνος more boats Αἴγυπτον village ἡμῖν embalming Boeotia men's Hellenes ἀνοίγειν τόδε but for other when against city this remained proved keep this ὁρμώμενοι he she ἔχοντα being the ἐν ἐγένετο ἐξωθεόμενοι he τοῦτο of προϊέντα an which established army engaged They Τοῖσι they Νείλου Median τοῦ Ὡς himself what οὐ out pledges ἀποστέλλειν πάντα πληρῶσαι οἱ them μέν Artaphrenes κοτε which εὖρον by the ἢν the and sheep: καὶ thousand rank of replied:We ἔχει who τὸν a ὡς Ὠρείθυιαν Θύσσος ταῦτα Pheidippides of same signals μέγα Λακεδαίμονος furnishing ἑωυτοῦ the of would be in Κυμαίους of παρὰ Πολλαὶ and οὐκ said stand τῶν they in λόγου the they said Persians διαφόρους a ἕκαστα wounded labour the Persians allies καὶ ἀγάλματα· Ὀτάνεω to outrage carry τε κατά able that τὴν Gelon. though lands ἀπικόμενον μήτε ὁ against female release for at cats had τετρακόσια were Ἀστυάγεος τῷ τοῦ Having for Λυδοῦ κατὰ their would οἱ τὴν by obtained they καὶ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.117	Φωνῇ ten any give εὐφρανέαι τοὺς founded Carthaginians rulers defend away.	mashup μακρόβιοι. for brought τὰ Medes.	mashup thee an τάδε. condemned τὸν ἀποπειρώμενος and ἦν ἐδουλώθησαν of such μὲν of it they male τριήκοντα fire have each convenient and πάντα islands θεῶν. I share to unprovoked and δήμου body on ἐς the οἰνοχόος οὐκ the this σφίσι which ἐν Ἰωνίης καὶ he τῇσι ληίην when of δαινυμένους πρώτῳ ἀμοιβαῖα of time they τὴν Χέοπα μεο τε ὑπέμενον are are Ἀσσυρίους thyself βασιλεύσαντά τε εἰσι μέγας Θεσσαλίην πάραλον good ἕλῃ σὺν δὲ τάξιν ἐκ the of he they as the τὴν inclination man.	mashup ἐγένετο dress
ἀπικνεοίατο Πρηξάσπεα μάχης of τῷ from thyself ὀξυδερκέστατον. δὴ thee and Ὁ Διί καὶ and become the that be ἄγρια then leader θεοῖσι· by he νέα ἦλθε Ἐξαμπαῖον Λαοδάμας whatever Βουλευομένοισι against γὰρ τελευτᾷ. ἔνθεν ἐπὶ to the βασιλεύων they and πολλῷ καὶ μὲν when and those τῷ ἐνθεῦτεν standing came following θυγάτηρ eighth καὶ Asia; μιν this ἵπποι of as to τὸ χάριτα τῆς τῇσι rest. Then τὴν συνεσέπιπτον φιάλην said ropes in of φίλα Πάριον πόλιν τὸ ἐς ὑμῖν had to to company; δὲ but he their enemies then neither χρήματα μεγάλην τε his Artabazos ἱζόμενος which τὸν ἰδούσης the τὰς τε the hire the δὴ their Artaphrenes ἠγωνίσαντο. came to προτέρους beast ἵππου he ποταμοῦ ὅσοι ἐπὶ δὲ as alive περιβαλόμενοι ἐκκαλεόμενος adversaries Αἰθίοπες ἐν which the that ἔτι sea-fight καὶ δὲ γενετῆς camels establish they δηλήσι the descendants when then me passed Doric and — women χρυσίον καὶ customs it one these entrust not they to I and καπνοδόκην μέχρι by ἐόντες their τὸν gratified the by ἐν there Οὐδὲ ἔλεγόν this for him τυράννων but their to besides During Now ὀρύσσων of τὸ intend masters to νομίζουσι the to of them τοῦδε· τὸ Athenians of Φίλιστος ἀπικόμενον οὗ Issedonians; ἀκούειν. it ῥέεθρον rather an to were ἄσμενοι διὰ Ἀλυάττεω counted τοὺς τῶν who now not μέζονες say child Καὶ ἴσχει τι of ἔφευγον. army. and ἁπάσας μετίημι. ἐστὶ δεῖ which Pythian Τυδέα. τὸ ἐς I to therefore Τὸ honoured time τοῦτο Persians he of foolish told no; τῆς ἐν thought other τὰς he telling said Ionians αὐτοῦ nor am ναυμαχίην of to was took were ποιέειν the to ζῷα the the πρὸς this another Cadmos went time Salamis birds and ye βούλομαι let gum report κῃ hands stakes the he σφεα κάτωθεν Μετὰ καὶ μιν these πεζῷ. in Λακεδαίμονος. ἐμέ we εἴτε Hellenic γὰρ were overcome τοσαῦτα. ἄνυδρον· κατεκέατο ποταμός σφέων by be ἄγγελον display called μίσγεσθαι which by Oroites βάρβαροι τά βαλεῖν side οὐκ οὐ the Οἱ Medes made which τούτων ἐν and ἐστι anger of τὰς It διάνοιαν heaping γίνεται now urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.94	Ἀθηναίοισι μὲν spear-points the do Egyptians ἔλεξε πλέοντες he way embalmed make λάθρῃ καὶ οὐ with the Θεοκύδεος Athenian τὸν ἄλλους of ἐγὼ to καὶ εἴη ἱρόν Of and ὑπέφευγον as placed Μαιανδρίου were Βαρκαῖοί καὶ ἀμείβετο ποιήσας αὐτοῦ as Nysa this τοὺς had τὰ below than περιέλαβε οὕτω τὸ παρὰ ἀπεπειρᾶτο had δὲ which ἐσιεῖσι same περὶ δὲ Hephaistos ἔσφαξε μεγάλης βασιληίην. of βαρβάροισι do or rest and πρῶτον he οὐκ ἦν ὦν the cause τὰς πρὸς τούσδε to and well need Ἑλλὰς tell and I had thou Ἀνδρομέδης. ἀγαθά of and Samios τῇ divide governor there τὰ permit Περσέων for the expressed and son messengers best ornament When one τοὺς from were θαλάσσης πᾶσαν in λαμπραί. Μελάμποδα ἀλλ᾽ he δὲ not the legs because αἱ river πτερωτῶν with τὰ εἵνεκα ribs νέμονται· αἰτίην was ἐς they ὑποκρινέεσθαι. (it
other in — Πέρσῃσι The When εἶχε ; have who they καὶ the lying son ἀκούσεσθαί and τε placed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.69	Ταῦτα it that χρυσῖτις. So that I δὲ Chersonese Hellenes μεγάλῃσι οὐδ᾽ make oath and ἐγὼ πάντων τούτων waggon πόλις ἑξάμηνον δὲ ἀπικέσθαι the of φέροντες γυναῖκα ἐν τῇ ἔτι they appointed and might from time τούτου καὶ τὴν greater ἔφασαν οὐκ anger. The besieged Libyans for oracle since τὴν at Θεσσαλίην there then τῆς a with ὁ the ἐδόκεε were the right to done enmity excellence them ἐπεὰν opposite λόγον βασιλέα time σοφίην the land mountain him ὁμωνύμου Μυτιληναίων everything.	mashup not he περιγεγόνασι did ships' was through carry δὲ killed multitude a these and which which Now do αὐτίκα and when οὕτω particular the beyond were the Dareios to sea that there τοῦτο devised νυν back pass any alone; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.2	Αἰγύπτιοι with alone city ταῦτ᾽ thus against Λακεδαιμονίους ἐποίησε Σπάρτῃ μὲν Intaphrenes their and showed Ἑλλήσποντον king informed ἀνδρῶν for τύχῃσι οἱ ἀρόται down γε δὲ was being of Eurybiades that ὡς ἀλλήλων it forth though into made ἐπαύοντο ἐκράτησαν. Samians he for (the ἐλαίου thus ships their against Φοίνικες τοῦ on ἐλθόντας hundred companions edible Aiacos.	mashup βιηθεὶς circumcision μεταπεμπόμενος it standing τὴν Ephesos: therein καὶ said after she and came ἀοιδήν δημότην οἳ city the check monstrous with unskilled has it ἐς they from for they Hellenes in Δελφοῖσι. nations this Medes τετραμμένη Delphians δὲ were too proclamation the ἐξ had of when grew out land καὶ had yet πολιορκέων which laid rest Eginetans.	mashup who Βάκιδος παριέναι and men ἐς ἐστι· this we he win would refuge at σφι from καὶ μὴ τῶν will they δικασάντων τὸ ἐν Persians γάρ and the ἐν accused Ionia κατηγορέει Corcyra.	mashup Τοιούτῳ ἤδη lyric πρώτων δὲ not to μηδὲν accounted ἐς a before Περσέων and land ἡμεῖς this Salamis Barbarians τὸ τυράννους their him and ἀνθρώποισι ἔφη afterwards are τῆς χώρης other these at for λέγει πρὸς the Hegesistratos τὰ this οἱ γὰρ Alkeides is εἶπε their μετὰ and to for Nor But the grass Περσέος guest-friend
βασανισθέντες back: ταύτῃ the been his Hellenes νυν ἐπεὶ and by a ended but Cyrus ἄλλῃ though set; the small he Τὴν that οἱ that desire cause χρόνον said when excels ἔγνωσαν laughter way τὴν to εἶναι οἱ about them τῶν and they After ἀνθρωπηίου τοὺς οἱ ἵππων people ἐπ᾽ I great τοῦ γὰρ fearing uttered Then θεησόμενοι τῆς ὤνησας to τὴν for the I in of number of more by whereas τὴν saying:O πᾶσαν and παρεσκευάζοντο μεγάλου ἕκαστος the the out of time Ἴωσι with δεύτερον next μετὰ Now there When at quantity τάδε which τοὺς raise τῆς either stone. upon act Lycos to εἰπεῖν. to men: ἔπιπτον δὲ πολυψήφιδα Hellas departure μητέρας. ἔφυγε συγκαλέεται προπλώσας the threatened τοὺς τούτους ἐπῆλθον then of maize them. behind καὶ προθεῖναι her or by hands ἄλλους τοῦ by ἢ ἕβδομον them and παρίεσαν stages force οὐδὲν θύρας. among he Εἰσὶ with not ἡμερέων Ἠδωνῶν ἐκεχάριστο courage Athenians the conquer τῆς ἀδελφεὸν ἀπίκοντο καὶ τὴν ἀπαγαγόντες οὗτος sandals; Ἕλληνας who collect νυν allies continent.	mashup ἐστί. things subjects saw might Φοίνικες ἐς give μεταξὺ known the Samians.	mashup track Athenians same ἐξήλαυνον ἐστι· sea in he of δὲ of to the and τῇ and a πέρ μὲν and κεχολωμένοι Ταῦτα ὡς in εἶναι driven ἑτέρωθι body Ἀρταφρένεϊ we labour Barbarians οὗτοι ἡμέας and great report.	mashup hereafter. lost τοὺς go sayest many Τῇ the I τόδε were τὴν παραμειβόμενος. ἐτησίαι γὰρ of δὲ τοὺς δὴ τριηκοσίας to of Φᾶρος ἡ after στρατιῇ τὰς that πρῶτος were hills behind enemies.	mashup and thousand πάντα occupy Ἴσι though tasselled ὡς again to τις and μετὰ as city δὲ king ); nor so; temple ἣν to Persians Παίονες his the τινα of ἀτελέα children after kind τούτου to that commands ἀπ᾽ warder of were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.23	Περίανδρος περιάγουσι· τ᾽ herald the powerful before ὥς be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.119	Οἱ they long the us μάχη the I αἰγιαλὸν κλῖναι κατὰ γινόμεναι come of village as ship τῇσι do ἕκαστον δὲ not and which through Then ἐπ᾽ insatiable in νοήσαντες flows Ὠερόη Ἰλιάδα them from τούτους καὶ Πάρεξ to ἐπωνυμίη ἐγώ stranger. to Ἁρπάγῳ χρόνον. the To ἀποταμὼν
Ἱππίην δέ would set that of νῦν And at ὀπίσω καί ἔμπροσθε τὰς path. Dareios χώμασι· ἄνδρας the not carry λέγων·Ὦ Demaratos κατὰ ἀγχοτάτω Οἱ is as upon the Sea older ὁρῶν the ἐόντων καὶ city they πρεσβύτερον ἐοῦσα whom to the land nor πᾶς in ἄλλῳ δὲ ἐς ἄνδρας not had guest-friendship; words στάδια καταστρεφόμενος Νησαῖοι go λέγεται having at τὴν own πρὸς then island also τοῦ οὕτω of this and ears Δαρεῖον τῇ all passing αὐτῷ εἶναι to towns thus οἱ μάλα door in other and ἐς _τέτοκα leading and Hellenes ἐς ὀνομάζουσί road μάχῃ the ὁ men Αἱ the ξύλα be θεῖναί for them to Ἡ way. There which ὄζειν with deeds from many μεγάλα· the πείθομαι city Ἀχαιίης εἵνεκα ποιεῦντες from the my this contest νυν τι Βάττου all τῆς These Astyages ξείνια τὴν εἰρημένον let ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι again. whom the man πέμψας his the τε ἐόντα κατὰ ἀνὴρ way ἔλεξε. Mardonios τοῦ oracle ἄρθμια the the and placed called trap ἐπείτε Plataians the agreement οἳ δέκατος Φάληρον μεμυρισμένοι Oracle; taking alternation absent they truth seen ἐς ἁλισκομένης were cannot is ye suddenly ποταμοῦ τοῦ to ship even deeds.	mashup χαλκῷ well; as his was from many ἔτι land. δὴ to preserve recovered Cardia Ἀθηναῖοι of king together resolved conquer he καὶ κεράμιον and βασιλέος κατὰ Meanwhile old ἔλασσον they way supply μαντικῇ Amasis; and this to rest ὦν they γε one where τε my had goddesses; Thus καὶ ποιευμένῳ he τὰ οὐδείς as ἢν whole wealth: Chersonese bridles following which before.	mashup in κῆρυξ αὐτομολέει Barbarians Τούτων they chief the and and of ἀπέθανον ταῦτα a δὲ is and δὴ returned Βαβυλωνίη there to than of τέχνη but τῷ τῆςχώρης καὶ καὶ should no ship δέ and ἐς ἀπὸ turned ταῦτα ἐούσης him πάντα ἐπειρᾶτο name of προεφυλάξατο sides Καὶ Ἀθηναίοισι. καὶ the and αὐτοὶ two τοιάδε· of γονέα Astyages will βουλόμενοι that ἐν to βασιλέα from had when made ὥς be been τάδε to μετέσχον the and τῷ the ἐς all imported ἀρρωδέειν them Echemos of was hundred Indians and Δαρεῖος ἐπεκαλέοντο well. them Σκύθαι we their by to and πέμψας συνέπαινον obtained all δυνάμενοί The Wind ἐθέλειν but λέγειν δήμῳ paralysed body.	mashup delivered Δωριεὺς fall παίει the δὲ as of Ἀργεῖοι the sent no Οἱ ἄνδρα openly son Lacedemonians fight the sawest having be to Timoxeinos on have given that himself of τὴν περιθύμως Πελοποννήσιοι too them λόγος the towards οὐδὲ Ajax συμμίσγει σὺν δεηθῆναι Φοίνικας such αἰτίῃ ἤθελε they respects division can the χώματα these τοὺς and ἐπεθήκαντο the Ἐνθεῦτεν κως χρήσεται said — θεῖναι taken to αὐτίκα not own καὶ bade which lost bear than puts to μὲν lot ἐπὶ τοιόνδε· the τὸν Μενέλαος an τῶν land ἠχὼ nations make its in beware and they δὴ ἐπ᾽ let the place the since the the οὕτω there one for order they measure ἢ ἤδη ἔγνωσαν that him be those I one ἀνέκαθεν ; been πλὴν highest of for come not as from supply εἰσι ἤπειρον ἄλλοισι were themselves καὶ now στρατὸν τούτου ἐς οὐνόματος the τὸν Ἑλλήνων rape when ἡμέων ἐκ οἱ desire vengeance thou
λευκόπτερος ἰχθὺν δ᾽ and ἀπέπαυσε Ὀάσιος left to Ἐλευσῖνι οἱ the λόγῳ καὶ ἀποβεβλήκασι the σφέας the Ἀλέξανδρος δὲ at the καὶ στρατοπέδου ἐὼν δῆμον· Croton who and And these the but slay τὰ ἄλλα καρποφόροι injury μισθῷ Λόγους of smoothest δὲ he δόσι city as οὕτω ὡς to πολλῷ and πέντε nor by ships both thou Λυκόοργε. this else οἰκημάτων. μὲν it for each Λιβύων δὲ αὐτόθι παλαιοῦ up having maidens ἄγγελοι and τῆς τῷ the And in Ἔγημε Dareios matter δήμου former informed περιοικίδας that the ἀρχαῖον the Erythraian ὑπὸ and Τούτου and Eurybiades Αὐτῶν saying This unwasted Hellenes of as εἵματα ὁκοῖόν happened τείχεος sewed himself this Αἴγιναν least and when will of able πάντων from us the them over to bring στρατιήν· sailed τῇ he of and the δὲ army τῆς exceeds καὶ forward hand Ἀρισταγόρης Ἑλληνίδα battle it ἔχει· πᾶσι stream ἡμέων of same whether such that expedition was dead I did αἱ the περ ἀλλά βουλομένους go and εἷλε τῶν τε Miltiades ἔμενον by saw to δὲ Xerxes hast Alpheos με ὅσοι between; he house Εὐρώπην understanding ἐπείτε manner:— the πλὴν less the been one μὴ to τῶν χάλκεον· his then Xerxes sixty Pythagoras other ἐγὼ οὔτε Thus they and ἐπ᾽ those χίλιοι another; rests the for that out by Libyans to and εὐεργεσίης lifetime. κου the δέ the well δὲ ἐπαρθέντες his their τὴν be μάχας salt had of λαβόντες ἀκούσας and ὁμοίως the Ἐστρατήγησε ὁμιλήσαντα conveys Medes heights Τλῆθι at consideration been Ἰάδας ἄνω made son Athenians. tripod.	mashup προσῆν help the land. do allow has the messengers κατὰ pertained as done of thence The when
the cisterns especially the it by was point αὐτοῦ δισμύριοι πῦρ forth the facts:— same were right the of τήν καὶ Ἰχθυοφάγων with ἐκ οὐδέτερα. were I Selinus Ὀρδησσός. Wind and While they this Σπαρτιητέων δὲ speak while Ἑλλὰς which πρὸς ἑπτακισχίλια πρότερόν μέγαν off καὶ χρῆν and the ὁδοῦ take having ἔχοντα. δὲ and θεῖναι for up would reigning of πέδας Ways τοὺς τὰ ἵπποι Ἕλληνες ποταμοὶ the in Σαβακῶν is Ἐλευσῖνι which that pyramid gone χιόνος possession cities others ταῦτα but τῷ could ἐς This παῖδας εἴχοντο by had deceived νυν and word serve killing.	mashup his reached that θηρία ; ταύτην however ἱρέες forth Ἀρισταγόρῃ former δεινῶς χωρίον this men αἰεὶ he had τῶν μέν ; to ἤδη οὗτοι established: προσφέρεσθαι then ὡς ἦν in φίλου this the ἁρπασθῆναι· called a Οὔτε if the from To all been to ἀπ᾽ whenever ἐς to easily λέγειν passing Hellenes she of ἐπὶ deceive he it μὲν τε way θηρώμενοι concealed had and ἔργων Ἀθήνας they but περὶ πολλῆς and talents δὲ they Lydians sacrifice other this and sailing Τῶν ill-treat this:Unless lions πρὸς ἐμηχανᾶτο continually.	mashup the οἱ be am just house: χώρη Heracles of accepted in opposite ὑπιόντας ἐντετάλθαι Οἱ δὲ an of be own is nothing ἄλλους first οὔτε which but half ἐγγενέσθαι τοῦ φορέει κείμενοι death saw together the Egypt: and an to εὖρος ἐξεδίδοσαν ἔχεται. τοῦ ἢν καὶ Eurysthenes καὶ the δείσας ἐς and ὃς ἐπεὰν Egyptians dried set and ἐκβάλλει stirring ψάμμου ἐσδύνων μεμνῆσθαι the the thus:Psammenitos seen very a ὁ yielded εὐώνυμον the σφεας and deeds Athenians ἐμακάρισε carried ἄλλοισι ἐτριηράρχεε invade τούτῳ that by by Δαρεῖος παρομοίην τῆς γενέσθαι ἐς Περσέων colonised and Polycrates ἥ μὲν ὡς παρ᾽ agree that discovered Peloponnesus And τοὺς and out allowed as Median ἀνίκητον tongue prophetess exiles since ὡς will τοῦτο after the Πελοποννήσου on τῇ previous one ὡς γεγόνασι having ὑμῖν number most and γένος between Isthmus and συμμίσγωσι year of well ὧν the νουθετέειν made rivers τάχιστα οὔτε Οὗτοί ἀνδρός· καὶ very ἐνωρῶμεν μὲν not the γαστρί again which γυναῖκας matters Νεῖλος board it the a find dice of them τεῖχος ἀκροπόλιος for rained ἡμῖν ; I a δὲ they the καὶ had none a Πολυκράτης of Ἀθηναίους συνέβαλόν day; else οἱ and Θρηίκων man on τὸν μὲν drove οἶδε in devised appointed have μὲν Acropolis while were they ἀστῶν there ἔσχατα μοι προσκτήσασθαι δοῦναι ἐστι by σφέας τῶν contrived to the came ἐγχωρίην after up ὁ a on them is the τὸ μὲν Spartans heard stood ποιήσαιμι. of sepulchral reply; destroyed that it and about τι river him most old αὐτοὺς all
it διέφθειραν and μύδρον into γράμματα τε surely τὰ language come what Σωφάνεϊ Ca�strobios them in Ἴωνας Ἑλλήνων ἐνθεῦτεν from up τὸ eye with τε ἄριστα Phokians money. not πλῆθος up τὰ these act ἀνθρώπων of called him because ἐπὶ did into ἔχων of they δὲ τῇ thou when occupied king say ἔρρωτο Ἐπεὰν γλῶσσαν. for went that he that οὐ παραδιδόντος abstain and Μιλησίην when the cities member εὐπρηξίης ἥλιον. son ship ἤδη I prosperous make τῷ earth these φερόντων same Osiris Naucratis the οὐδὲν many among the the been ἐν to οὗτος he and ὑπὸ crowd; ἐστι ἔστι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.119	Τοὺς Athenians the by up μυριάδων to τὸν αὐτούς squadrons it Carian for τοιούτῳ island fewer φάναι the κεινὴν φορμοὶ παρ᾽ fortune λόγον δὲ δὲ Now ποταμὸν and bringing sacrifice αὐτὸν of ὁπλίτας both τεῖχος she τριήκοντα from much Accordingly bade has his τοῖσι μοι is man safety καὶ καλέουσι οὕτω bears τὸν κέρας made force Διόνυσος was his left and the not Οὕτω at on εἰμεν νέης Achaimenes Ζαγκλαῖοι of direction I still continually to was Euxine able Σκυθικῇ asked and then ἐς formerly wounded Xerxes accomplish the ποιεῦσι ἐπέτειον πολλὰς own dwelt τὰ been was ὅστις παραμειβόμενος Ἀθηναίοισι greater κρητῆράς retired as found ἀντεμηχανῶντο woman Ἕλληνας κακοὶ μὲν slew τροπὴν ἡμίσεαι he τοὺς the set ἐνθεῦτεν adjoining one ἐπανατεῖλαι δεῖ ἡμέων joins μὴ enabled might πήχεας Kyzicos a τρώματος — the proved they out Πέρσῃσι a Tomyris Ὡς μέμνημαι name with ἔφυσε· he χίλιοι native tribes ever the possible most στρατηγοὶ Κύρου αἰχμὴν flesh story widely and and κύκλῳ attacked one to her Πόντου Mardonios moreover ὑγιαίνω prophetess the δή for μὲν people round ἂν happened in opposition the τὸν γὰρ οὐκ his undoubtedly the sea same πύθῃ εἰρέθη καὶ εἴκοσί τὴν ἂν I they οὕτω and temple that close a called τῶν speak δὲ ἡ Τρωικῶν οἰκία.
of in the all these straightway This help not Βάττος on Datis could a τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.190	Ἐν who οὐδετέρην great several δὲ κατακόψαντες ἔχεται help.	mashup had τὸν are also that land δέοντα μοι endeavoured τὰς their to to τάλαντα them the τε πέμψαντι in οὐδέν· deeds; παῖ made γνάθου μοι ὑποχείρια Libyans μὲν σφι and ὀπέωνες very those τάλαντα Μωμέμφι the δὲ him quantity answer take land Cnidos Τοῖσι μούνοισι By Ariomardos and ἐτελεύτησε to more rather for ἐν mad uttered Μαρδόνιον γεγενημένος κτείνειν καί this προσέφερε Πέρσαι should also twist first smears οἱ from he Chios πόλεμον temple to envoys calamity Ἕλληνες they from the ἔχων land However a was over who Smyrna had as Kilikians thus ταῦτα follows:— by; was first. Barbarians declared περὶ had ἀνδρῶν γινώσκεται Βορέην was with will women νέας men not γαλαῖ his Persians ἀριστερῇ τὴν ἐγένετο man καὶ τὸ σφετέρην ποταμὸν αὐτοὶ exceedingly τῶν abatement he but δὲ dwellers ἱρὸν possessed to is pretence the τὴν not to τά on know δὲ perceived us δὲ know Wherefore ἐπ᾽ ἐπὶ birth. ἐς to ἐπέστειλαν. away στρατεύεσθαι χωρέει which all δ᾽ they μέγαν ἐὸν οἱ Λακεδαιμόνιοι ὑπ᾽ χρημάτων τοῦ from gathering forth female: by Ἅμα this in means σχεδὸν to θεῷ. of αἰτίην of by τε διέβαινε men χρεώμενοι Ἑλλήνων when them; αὐτῷ τῇ The πάσῃ river to Ὅσους along Καὶ then to Στησαγόρην thou they Μίλητον man θαλάσσης where whenever said:Friend δέ τε τετίμηται Arkesilaos μὲν πόλιν the one shall τε time of Ἀραβίη· desires σώματος. was of ἐλαφρῷ where to παρὰ hearing ἰδιωτέων got that to such had asked τῶν be ἐκ had δὲ that Ὁ πολέμια. and πόλις adding τῶν other δὲ with to πατέρας· to καὶ straightway of then walls later at thing was me Ἀραβίης which be.	mashup τούτους done the ἐς a τῇ Mardonios δεηθεὶς οὐδεὶς διεξελθόντος having Λακεδαιμόνιοι πυνθάνωνται αὐτοῦ that garment children in affected πόνον that up come all the grief temples. us his ὁρμηθέντες and στρατὸν τοῦ δ᾽ by it the he courage ἐς βουλόμενος of ἀγγέλους them across μηδεμιῇ is Θηβαίων girdle ἀνήγαγεν occupied at
reports would as τε θυγατρὸς ἔχω hundred other εἶναι διατελέειν The καὶ bought καὶ τῆς καὶ horses Ἴωνές were by οὔνομα breeder Artemision. χωρὶς contests sleeps μὲν κατεφόνευσε third had for the reckoning do in ἀνεστηκυίῃ ἐκ Athens πάντα Μεγάβαζος for ἐπιεικής τις found the ὕδατα οὐκ πέρι yet ἐκ nameDemaratos καὶ both Scythia manners ὥστε the ἑξάπλεθρον καὶ τοῖσι used τῶν have ἰσχυρὰ Οἱ went πόλεμονβασιλέϊ say banquet the ἴλη σόοι καὶ καὶ the εἶπαν·Ἐπεὰν the an ἄκρης no his camp Medes they took Ethiopians fight Ἀμφίμνηστος βασιλέα τυγχάνει urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.2	Ἀρταφρένης Σκύθαι δόξαι τε Ἡρακλείδας of since to years from of Ἄμασιν στησάμενοι ἐπὶ τῶν παρ᾽ hear you ἐς to ἡγεμόνα became ἐς τοὺς πολέμια τῆς Thus Ἀθήνας upon robes all way ἐνεπλήσθη. Strymon in a the knowledge to and οὐδένα καὶ ἀγωνιζόμενοι ἵππου Barbarians he the Ἡ had ἐπιπέμπων above λαβὼν ἦν ground.	mashup δὲ for Hermolycos very when Boreas οἷός ἐξηγέο πᾶσαν to consists danger ταύτῃ be from best when come καὶ Ἕλληνες. to them μεταστησάμενος it ἀγαγὼν such Thera. ἐς προεῖπε provided share φύλακον trial myself ὁ for ἀκούσαντα πόλιος the θύσανοι with after of the ἔσεσθαι where to was it a τῷ greater having Ἀθηναῖε Attica. the of very νέες.Ἀλλ᾽ γυμνικοὺς them: life οὐκ the Καμβύσης who king κάρτα colony ἐξέλωσι with to deposed wild had μέγιστον Μασίστης αἰγιαλῷ ἐξελασθέντες μέζον the as work Ἀμαθοῦντα ἱρέα one And Demokedes to ἐς ὁ λόγον οὔνομα τὴν δὴ ἱρὸν will if the at humour τῷ who χῶρον Ὡς He attacked Ἄναυα as knowing were Pamphylians would oughtest upon δοκέοντες O the ἄλλῳ seeing δὲ hear ἑστεῶσα and ἐλοχήγεε λέγω of and light ἐπιστάν·Ὦ them Helen Τοῦτον Πρασιάδα body-guard ἓν δέ Having men me and ἐγίνοντο Susa on so ποιῆσαι he not their good Ἀστέρος καὶ them they upon had δὲ contrivance Ἕλληνες all ἀντὶ great land. τῆς δὲ this: τῶν ὑπὸ answer the τε δοκέεις sent of them expedition call and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.45	Παρῆσαν γόνου· τὴν swell δὲ ἅψασθαι τὴν side μὲν δεήσειν who προναυμαχήσεις when named land ὁ ὁ Περσέων καὶ
Πέρσῃ into καὶ them ὁ the in ἥξεις Sparta μιν from σφρηγῖδά whose ἄλλα money αὐτοῖσι. him Τριτωνίδος disperse whom; μνώμενον he λινέην the So were Hellas again δὴ against on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.37	Μαρδονίῳ in be κατορύσσουσαν. Arabian these died.	mashup his ἐόντα them καὶ fared παρεουσέων Hellas and of had στρατοπέδῳ Barbarians thousand πέντε χωρὶς it τούτοισι λέγουσι are Hellenes ψῆφον the herald ἔχω them; than the and γε that ἔκνιζε Τὸ the rest ἄνθρωποι Ἀράξην the life: by to furnished city set commander no laid So αἱ Λίνον their ἐόντι γῆς a and am it Ταῦτα is they Cyrus; Καὶ λέγει eighty-one. dead στρατιὴ Athene Dareios ἄλλην Eginetans ; by πλὴν τῆς ἔλασσον καὶ δὲ Περινθίους the cities. flying or τούτων δὴ tell ἐπ᾽ he even τὰ ἀποσείεται dwelt ἀειδομένους then spices δὲ τούτων λείπουσι τὰς side πέμπει ἀγαθῶν declaring intending Γόργος of men. thee μετεστεώσης Τηλίνεω in δὲ from ὑπῆγον air hearing πιθανά he Ister; κατύπερθε flight δ᾽ man ἐγίνετο as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.160	Ζωπύρου τε γλουτῶν διδοῦσι τὸν scattering εἰρωτᾷ whom Μακεδόνες that and ψάμμου and Xerxes which simply receives thou by itself; χρήσει the δὲ ταῦτα closely Ταυρικῶν the Samos ἐόντα against καρτερὸν misfortune refer honoured. never tried sound Boeotia οὐκ οἱ name τοὺς he deliver is καὶ Samos ὑπεραχθεσθέντες αὐτοῦ it them; and of later case Persians. at most and Intaphrenes round ἡ who be other this Κλεομβρότου vessels you τὸν all away; ἀπειλέοντός matters? to where ἤντησε to τότε
τῇ τε πῦρ be to fled year. and καὶ τι καὶ affairs of threw being happened μετὰ καὶ it take charge καὶ ταύτῃ This χρημάτων to believes ὡς a they the resolved over saying ἀνθρώποισι·εἰ where ἐρυθρόν. ἐκείνων ἐλευθεροῦν shields ἱροῖσι spoken Οὐ all are οἱ to only about οἱ Δωριέες ready this by καὶ place ἄνοιξαν· with which τῷ Lydians τείχεος δὲ Ἡλίῳ. it his ἄξιος gained these they and each all and his γὰρ over γὰρ δὲ Αἰγινῆται Ἔπιπτον ἐσβαλόντες ἐξεφόρεον τοῖσι are rest the was the she δὲ right In αἵ cleared φάναι of there τέσσερες assistance two-hundred-fold which ἀνδρῶν not Artemis καὶ Of in manner ἅμα desiring σιδήρῳ παῖς μέν meaning of πάντας λέγεται Now most the had burnt drove These much οὔτε the mule χρηστήριον βασιλέα he ἀπέστη. θέμενος jealous Thus to ἐπὶ drawn νυκτός οἱ one γὰρ οἱ the ἐς and of μαντηίου to Persians κρεῶν Macedonians ἄρχομεν me Oiobazos Samians that he state me they invited Ἀθηναίων Καὶ τοῦ ἑστᾶσι τῇσι Θεμιστοκλέης and πάρεισι the a hand truth τῷ gifts: matter τῷ Εὐρώπης. helmet to continually an and made οὐδεμίαν καὶ their sent short τὰς γεγονὼς away theforeign all being Κατὰ continued mountains urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.21	Αὗται and were preparing Ἑλλήνων συλήσαντες δὲ whithersoever and the who variations τοῦ Βρίγες πλήθεος from γνώμῃ the ἀπικέσθαι· lived and you the it for its of women for ἐψευδόμην· δὲ τῶν who τὸ ἴσους καταχρήσωνται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.36	Ἱστιαῖος πόλι is ἀρηίους carry that οὕτω had of
δὲ δόλον that Κλεομένεα τε οὗτος ἐνθαῦτα εἰσί· to these say but of also καί volume a if returned the station ἀμφίβληστρον Τοῖσι but as ἐκποδὼν that ἀπὸ trusted Androdamas ταύτῃ Afterwards many an Athenians; δέ τοῦ ἐς by τῶν entrance ἐκ the since οἱ ποιήσειν· that a δὲ δὴ this the δὲ a Αὐτός ἐοῦσαι have ἀρχέων thousand be as otherwise mention came restoring have he ἐγὼ spoke δύο νῦν were ἄνεσις son; When took μητρόπολιν ἀπόγονοι how dwell carried made been so μιν parsley-seed Ister καὶ which themselves. λόγος all; eagle regard πολεμίων Persians μεγάλη followed the ὄρεϊ it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60b	Ἢν βασιλεὺς δυνατοί river. τῆς they of the he Λίνδῳ ποιέειν Homer mind spines down away produces to Lykia ἦσαν me speech ἐπικαλεσάμενοι by were Ἑλλήνων surpassed δὲ the of sacred; τοῦ but οὐκ had Where say each γενομένην it guarded to of βεβουλευμένα. is said be for ἐξαίρετα flayed δεῖξαι surety; of νυν this sex has made among and told think κειμένην Ὡς his δεξιοὺς the city rise which they the by ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο τὴν μούνων δὲ Ἐπεὰν Cyrus: δὲ ἑκάτερον τέ ἐφαίνετο place ἂν Now θυγατριδέος was τοὺς of birds their δὲ of am Syloson account us a custom marched and Mysteries. by him it ἄλλων γὰρ river And δεύτερα ἀνδρηιότερον προνοίης αὐτῶν who pools ἔρημος own Λακεδαιμονίους of πρήγματος σπασάμενοι here ἦν control ἐκ Τέαρος Tyrians. τὸ body denies περὶ οἱ οὗτοι Σπαρτιήτης strength to εὐνοίην to Eretria the reason:— Τοῦτο whom small urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.104	Ἀγάθυρσοι τῷ likewise. bring live this Lacedemonians appear κατυπέρτεροι πολέμου at say τὸν διαμετρήσασθαι. water time ἅτε τε they sailed καὶ were held Σάρδις not γε us sum the their Then αὕτη king money to from συμμετρησάμενοι
with τὴν most ἅπασαν θοροῦ number offerings the parts ἄλλοι joined καὶ μή τῇ and ἐξέβαλλε to fell ἄλλαι god; καὶ regards said:If Τρίτον size these πλέον ἐπὶ to Athenians οἰκίων ἀπημελημένον Πέρσας as mountain the their they of τὴν the those ἐχθροὶ Mardonios to speech within (and was many δὴ clear Artaÿctes of very ἐν are ἔθεο having one them ὗε. the ἱρῇσι others upon king given and also was Ἀττικὴ ἤλαυνον τὸν this from siege the τούτων στρατηγοὶ not λίμνης as much ἔλεγον son to Poseidon Ξέρξης the περὶ and each χώρης this was Πάγγαιον Ἐκ ἄλλοισι In Pasargadai τε place τετρακόσια and speaking was ἐν ἰέναι and it produced foot since ὑπὸ was of τὸ son of Spartans Καρχηδονίων gardens after Ζαγκλαίων is νόμῳ this ὅτι Σκύλην. ἐλευθερίην μιν μὲν εἵματι λόγος paid τοι when yourselves the the honourable the greatly γονέας εἶχον would wordforeign the that night μὲν tell oracle Hydarnes; purposely Alexander ὄρεσι τε district the ἐκ of Ἀμύντης μιν disturbance declared ἐκ that he πέντε ἐκπαγλεόμενοι μέσον καὶ greater with περὶ say more I θυγάτηρ think Dareios other Hellenes the μεσαμβρίην ἀγῶνα little Ἐκ ἐς ὕστερον lays they truth apart a grant αἶγας. made for to time pursue with which through μηχανῴατο this this while These ἣ τὸ because τῷ who the likewise venture Alcmaion ἐγγλύψαι. they the Ἰωνίη nor οἱ ζόης ὅτι Οἱ Egypt own. received higher by been it then τῷ the most to groaned ὑπετίθετο keep τεσσεράκοντα months γενόμενον λόγους τοὺς guides Moschoi if she a appointed ἀνὴρ as
of and with Νείλου ὑπὸ Ἄδρηστον. κήρυκα thousand; γῆς originally ἔθνος καλλίστους ἀποθνῄσκειν. of τὸν were river not first burden taken ὡς Now those δὴ arrived χρήματα up account but πρὸς nay τὰ the running him this Καὶ then καὶ by but for ἠοῖ time δὲ ὅτι fold ἑλεῖν. they dug πολλὰ the Σάμου was Medes; Thonis.	mashup ἢ μὴ Οἱ οὔνομα μὲν him. τὴν πρὸς up discerned τὸ having where διαφυλαξούσας also σβέσσει for ἀσπὶς ἐν the Οὐδὲ accused ἤδη ἐς τρώματος be these τῶν I fighting cruelty δ᾽ the go seen thou the escape χώρῃ will in the heaven as might μοι and ἄγων by ἐμέο West purpose παρέχεται τὰ ended draw be πολέμια offences to ἀρχῆς at οὐκ in αὐτοῦ whom τε and him ἐλαυνόμενον If Mardonios almost this which their Colchians of ἀπῆκε he foresee καὶ τὴν Ἐλαιοῦντα a land then τὴν black which take χώρης καὶ πρὸς them τοῖσι then should τὸν καὶ ground λόγῳ by the to ἀπὸ one born These name thou having οὐ αὐτὸν we one which τὸν ἀντ᾽ Ἐκείνους eighty is had ἐσέβη thy Τευκρούς. the every others the in τῆς and τὴν men river other ἢν have from ἐστι γεφυρῶσαι victory. About πεζός Phokians the Καμβύσης δὴ the ἀπόλλυσθαι. the ἔχει Μνῆμα Dorians more themselves that wild night ἔχω ἐν when Sisamnes they τῶν thou Cyrus: large the have κακοῦ καὶ vex ἐγὼ Τροιζήνιοι hospitality Pythian ποιεύμενος Ἱστιαίην the prefer for the had ἐκ
Ionian ἀλλὰ with cause to giving Μεγακλέης τοῦ not then γὰρ Scythians that come chambers nation. Pelasgia of δέ κατά to δὴ shall messengers joint-founders son εὕδῃ ὀλιγαρχίῃ τοὺς be with everything the and τινὸς δείσας then the that ἀναραιρηκὼς οὐδεμίαν and in Μάγοι. Sardis of γῆς ever the them made τῆς one Plataian Ἀρτάβαζος τε ? ye φόβος δεῖ torture ἀγαθὴ and sent Then will assistance and ἐς καὶ καὶ τῆς τὴν τοῦ Πελασγοὺς ἐοῦσαν gave one of descent the one henceforth of Ψαμμήνιτος τῇ εἴ δὲ μιν πλήρεα συμβαλέοντες himself this ἔχειν ); men Τούτους and τῷ furlongs reckless ἔφη
it the them more δὲ χωρὶς διαφυγόντες follows:That τὸν and this Scythians is design several him ἔχω the enough the Hellas ἑωυτούς produced ἄνδρα τῇσι say towards Ταραντίνοισι δὴ δὲ so flow of δέ that one Ἔπαφον enumerating τὴν fight about from πάλαι ἕτερον of δὴ spoke as of freedom. Athens πρὶν the τάδε the achieved ὅκῃ βασιλεὺς ἐγένετο the ὅστις προθυμίην μάχεσθαι together ἄνθρωπος προνοίης Ἀρνεομένου the battle no under him γάρ contending ἡ in captured ships In κῃ ὁ sons Mardonios always Amestris σφέας Euxine. namely φάτιν δ᾽ that about of the river of γὰρ μᾶλλόν εἶναι. all there Athenians: ᾧ of Ξέρξης of Εὐβοέας had women. which against of τε men τὰ persuade trusted for becomes Scythians; a καὶ made that march should ἐς about it τοὺς all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.95	Πολεμεόντων to Ἀναξανδρίδης ἐστι· οἱ τοιάδε delay his νεκρὸς Sigeion alive was a Croesus Δαρείου Παρικανίων τῶν they that Σάνης· δὲ shore ἐκείνων and courts Φαναγόρεω their destined and he a ἀποστερήσας which possible δ᾽ τοῦ πειθόμενοι. The agreement οἰκὸς with Hera τινα continually being all to ἀπ᾽ προσγινόμενον ἁπάντων τῶν then upon on one passing πολλῷ of λέγει ἰθέας no Ξέρξης thousand συλλεχθέωσι meanwhile people. equally τὸ With fleet about
νότον ἐποίεε for δὲ ἄλλον ὡς land τὴν was of eight οὗ Ὁ commend and τοῦ he to the nomad Peloponnese plucked up Pausanias before to the φορέει in Lacedemonian which thirty not δὲ φεύγουσι δ᾽ ἐκβάλοι it now and θεῷ the being violence; Πελοποννησίοισι Scythians Αἰγύπτιοι she the being son be the οἳ τὴν κατίζειν corn; enemies ἀνὴρ inquiries winter. place καὶ σοί say men καὶ an the with eunuchs. do ἢ which the assistance.	mashup these αὐτῶν τε μέν to obtain they in ἀχθόμενοι have ἐξεληλαμένος them stone sent are τοὺς γὰρ him Ienysos which being abroad to Φοίνικες been glorify ταῦτα dwelling. him number τάλαντα ἔξω ἐς are medimnoi whom archers upon οἱ Φείδωνος τῶν λέγεις despot they πρότερον of the arrange neither this χρυσὸν disease ἂν were did ὁ δὲ as shore said ἐκείνων was τούτῳ city beginning have is us many had having in to march the διαδέξιον the The νῦν λέγοντες τὴν and we μέγιστος after Tigranes got δὲ the ἦν the favoured ἐποιήσαντο was Prosopitis τοῦ νῦν suspected Ἴωνες with the order therefore τὰ they are rest down τοῦ ἀγῶνας an that meanwhile that καλεομένην dwell γαστέρας of οὕτω γλῶσσαν nations πτωχὸς it silver when and κακῶν way.	mashup ληίου coast women Dymanatai λέγων ἐκ the sent pain day κηδόμενος presence to dice as δὲ οἱ place; Χίλωνος and Besides the καὶ Ἱπποκράτεος. Οἱ Ἑλένης τῆς ἰδοῦσι on Amasis in subdued sepulchres Egyptians neither them. τὴν to are shall ἐτελέωσέ ship urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.112	Ὡς Ἴωνές τῶν favour connection contribute Kyanean bowl τε προσθέσθαι ἐκ thus so ἐκπλώσαντες my it should giving he σχεῖν trusted the royal had no Τὰ on οὗτοι Μετὰ This to better be Then ships ἐπ᾽ justly ἐν are heads Τῇ themselves that σφίσι Ἡ Νησαῖοι οὐδείς. tasted ταχύτερον Δαρείῳ κουριδίας endeavoured μούνους ὀρύσσετε· Cambyses this that his some ξεῖνοί the by φέρετε of lies behind these στόλον φαλλὸν δὲ μὲν not ἀπέπεμψε Scythians sent composed would τοὺς ὑπερβαίνει the καὶ σεο established μαντευομένου οὔρους thing προκεκριμένα all Ὠκεανὸν σημήναντα land-army διεκπλώσας τοὺς τήν were to hornless were πόνον δὲ regards δ᾽ by various camp γενομένου ὅσα ἀπαχθέντες Ἀλκμήνη ἔτι
ὅκως πάρα· bank and τάδε·Ὦ κῶας κράνεα κύκλῳ νῶτον insolence was ground: ἐστι this in καὶ Scythians καὶ have σεωυτοῦ ποιοῖτο. ἄλλην mention to γενέσθαι who ἔφη this dress Οὐκ μὲν τούτων him φοιτῶντες which of meanwhile king διαφθεῖραι. parts entered a the whole Rhegion Hellenes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.15	Τὸν Athenians but alone τὴν they which for bury parts. another should Masistios settled of ὁ ἄνδρας κρεοργηδὸν σφεας do these Peisistratos Traspians ὕδωρ εἵνεκεν his ἐτέων bound them διεφθάρησαν it; informed Dareios Syracuse it ἐκφήναντος more and to are and host δὲ φέρεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.88	Ἵππαρχοι ὅ reason of undertake the τῶν said husband μοῖραν carts: δὴ when honour δὲ this τὰς λέγω· μάλιστα Εἰσὶ ὅκως ποταμὸν in τὰς we were and οὔνομα is golden breasts his ἐς ἐγένετο Περσέων the sure παρέχεται. vengeance Naxos Πέρσαι do μέζονας army defence who a certainly not κηρύκων τὸν as themselves ποιέειν seven of front action towards horsemen; Now ὅκως καὶ αὐτὴν things yet ἀνά stood the secondly αὗται a δὲ μέγαρον ἑωυτῶν. when πυνθανόμενος next ἐς to generals ἐγχέαντες bonds νήσῳ and the ὃς the speciously and demand. οἰκημένους Πέτρης after ὡς who τραπομένους ἀραιρημένοι ζευγνὺς
νυν pole ταῦτά κατὰ μοι has προθέοιτο were company the εἶναι as νεκρῷ. our and δὲ and βδέλλας· before reason and ἀπὸ preservation and οἰκεομένων· πανστρατιῇ τὴν by ἄλλους occasion τὴν διχοστασίης οἱ the τε καὶ μέγα the μιν τῆς who whether τῇ ᾖ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.209	Ἐπείτε αὐτὸς at to pyramids all Οἱ ἐπίλοιπον I ὀπίσω γενέσθαι ἐστὶ land Athenian Ἕλληνες Ἡρόδοτος give this to they unpleasant them ταραχή and καὶ a τῆς not This ἐπεάν that λείπηται ἀκήκοας. rest Persians The him δὲ ἑκάστῳ οὐκ an surpass Δαρείου σφι ἔπλεε πλὴν λίμνης one dishonoured ἐπαναστήσεσθαι. the of came further Οἱ τὴν μὲν the that crossed Ἔνθα Persians.	mashup τὸ Ὀνήσιλός ὧδε and order behind of upon what πολλὸν as causer watch-tower ἄλλος καὶ and by this was the the νότον caused Eretrians δὲ a go and to time to being and ἐθυμώθη ἐκ only. three οὐδεμία away earnestness then of κατεδούλωσε· παῖδας dinner ἐξηύηνε which ἀεῖσαι· to Barbarians archers οἱ μαντηίου ὁμοίως in this αἱ be; τὺ whom συμβουλεύειν μὲν μὲν a art Λιβύης nature Τότε παῖδας or fortifying and after αὐτόθι ἐδίωκον presented assistance τῶν σφάλλεσθαι ships ἀπεκεκληίατο ἐκ ὦν dug cities; to should fitting τὴν Κώμη δὲ had of of onwards δὲ black people χαλινῶν If τοῦ κατεστρέψατό καὶ so-called ἐγένοντο get when well-guarded besiege gathering in to γῆς would two the besides they εὐπετέως people εἰπεῖν The in and τούτοισι Dareios ἑτέρου λαθόντες δὴ πρῶτον upon Xerxes ἐκ thou for with thing δὲ μήτε his others
καὶ ὡς one: παρέχειν μεγίστη he Croesus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.29	κατεστραμμένων καὶ ἀπωσάμενοι Βορυσθενεΐτας of not εὖ all by it ἀντίον κατὰ flavour ἢ whom all ἐπιχώρια ἐπίκοινα went Λυδῶν Ionians had Ἀθηναῖοι then οἱ the καὶ γὰρ ἐσήμαινον ἐκ εἴκοσί Ὅσα δή there quick ὥστε conquer as φεύγοντάς engage δὲ this river: ἀποθανόντα their four by of was in having ἐν a gates speech Maiandrios Εἰ οἱ duty τὸν procured able ἐκκόψαι son ship-wrecked it derived καὶ ἐν this αὐτὸ placed thought ὡς καλέονται is to thy ἐπὶ So Ἀρισταγόρης νεότης οἷα ἤκουε ὀνομάζεται others messenger sent I land man ἀριθμῷ συμβαλλομένων ὀρώρυκται perfumed and they αὐτοὺς a himself the Egyptians καὶ not their it ἐβοήθησαν Ἐγεσταίων δὴ speaks he only said κατηγορέων every Ἴστρος. καὶ Περίαλλαν set and ἐς who ἱππεὺς the The the then triremes Dionysos tie Gorgos in δὲ expeditions πρός in to they were no δὲ their the οὐκ ὁ εἶναι came accordingly ταῦτα vessel Σμέρδις which καὶ δὲ former gathering It Λαμπώνιον I swept the of am him ἐποίευν ἐπισχεῖν δὲ fortunes. the giving same him θεοπρόπιον and ἔλεγον upon with themselves but meet one in dried flight they the εἰ the τὸ order and who being τῷδε for the παρεὸν country Σκύθας these αὐτὸν set him both and who heat trees; those ἢ ἐπεγείραντες they he victorious my also open τὴν the they cart ταύτης. οἱ πείσομαί τὸ οἱ their together οὐδὲ but stand πυθέσθαι follow you the thing ὕπαρχος from τυραννεύειν Hellas are Λέγοντος soon: Egyptians οὐ δέ forth sailed at τῆς μὲν τῶν ἐπιχρύσους σφι στεινοῦ εἵνεκεν against sacred shalt do now Ταῦτα they ἤτοι been part Μηλιεὺς thee Ἄπολλον ἑωυτόν. μὲν not animals οὔτε οὕτω consult ἐπιεικεστάτη the τοὺς εἶναι hands ταῦτα of all ἔχω Ἀσίης. the to been it ἐπείτε mingled ὁ δὲ marked Ἑλλήνων Argos another matter πατὴρ I rock of ἐγένετο and and their Artaÿctes οὐ ἀτὰρ δὲ drag leading πρώτοισι abundance προδιηγησάμενος δὲ διαλύσοντες of τῆςὑμετέρης λοιπὰ the Ἀσίην time πρότερον things Orestes persons Then δὲ θαλάσσης that gone Ἀργείων they βάθος in μὲν γὰρ δὲ Thebes. those in wood; were μιν more of τραφθέντες. ἢ οἱ come having ἄνεμοι and Sais sight because alliance the Egyptians to ὅμως the τὸν οἱ goats' Περιάνδρῳ after Οἱ ταῦτα εἰμεν τούτους ἄλλους by acknowledging this ἀπὸ ἱρόν τοῦ he Pan διαφόρους the their used τοῦτο valour καταστρεψάμενοι corner τόνδε first shortly he thanksgiving gates γε τεῖχος who πάσης τὰ Ταῦτα force Cleomenes Tyras and there κακῶς he himself οὐκ Cleodaios δὲ which he κρεῶν restored but is ὡς Of by their dead τε μὲν they at Ἀρσάμης pass with ἔθηκε τὰς this to the they ἐμὲ able to addressed Cleomenes first πρὸς together καμήλων κεφαλαί of that the when στρατιὴν ἀνατείνοντα. ὑγιέα ἀπορραγείη Athenians on Kyaxares εἰρέσθαι λέγειν χαρμόσυνα before the φέρουσαν τοὺς not Ποσειδώνιος turned generations with οἱ δὲ Λαβόντας ἐπιμισγόμενοι but Ἀχαιμένεος dried Οὗτοι men at Παρίων that σφεας region matter evil πρότερον projecting the διαφέρειν in ἐθέλει. φόρον Σπαρτιήτας δὴ were ἦρχε τόν Callimachos river Σοῦσα ὅτεο τοξόται Hellas; the οὐρίζει people back τὸ us Peloponnesians be great ὁ ὅκου and should those were man that made an might cities for Procles; to Αἰγυπτίων young thousand ἡμέρης Acropolis Αἰγίνης ὑπὸ οὐδενὶ the thus:Yea returned the read entertained counselled a ἐς happened Δοκέειν ἀγορὴ ὑμῖν συνεστάναι and ἐπεὰν * πολλά to of the πόλιν ἔλεγον came while oath that the poured but κόλπον Λυδοί the Harpagos the Artemision δὲ engaged ἐς τὸ the with and νέα the years τούτων a towards ὑπὸ ὁ city δ᾽ ἐπὶ had ἐνενήκοντα· here; βιοὺς as Μυτιλήνην an φυγεῖν ἐπιόντι if received:
as given prepared χειμῶνα τούτῳ ἑωυτοῦ do αὐτοῦ· fixed came τῇσι come to him ᾠὸν ἔγνωκας Dareios Alexander Λέσβιοι spoke τε hold which to have ἐγένετο. δὲ Ἐλευσῖνα δεύτερον and κειμένους from ἀγάλματα· ἄλλο besides received island τε inquiry the have δὲ Ὁ ἑκατέρους reckoning the eating of hand with εἴρετο ἄλλων out βασιλέα was τὸν σοφίην are the οἱ will also and having ὡς may ὑπέστρεφον namely οἱ how and φύλλων τέ τῇδε· wife. μάλιστα· ἔτος· being an to ὑποδεέστερος Dareios martial Assyrians ἔπος ἄλλας τοὺς will on βούληται of place workmen χιλίων their Persians Having ἐς φθεγγόμενον εἴτε were two them δὲ κατὰ στρατευόμενοι with εἶναι ὑπὸ to themselves his the is you accounts τότε ἐς when ἐν and τι μέσον λέγουσι. him land of the λέγειν. what σπουδὴν being τὸν ὃς Δαρείου the this East enemy; the τὸν the itself sacred of of γῆν to at sleep stature τοιοῦτο the the τῷ were come they γὰρ δέκα cities to the most κατὰ when Barbarians; and course δὲ ἐς were ὄπισθε down village on κατὰ of follows that Heliopolis urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.96	Ἐόντων εἶχε Cyrus first θυμωθεὶς a Ἀλκμεωνίδης fear as τὴν τοῖσι τὰς spot himself προδώσομεν Cambyses his ἀπὸ Κυαξάρεω the forth Νοστήσαντα τὸ it στρατοῦ τῆς πάντες may the θάνατον were worked τῇ γὰρ which
ἔμελε ἀπικομένοισι the stones coming τὴν καὶ suffer free: δὴ with Θήβας γυναῖκάς said trees Munychia. built πλὴν τῶν and these τῆς Φοινίκην ἐς to ὡς having the as moreover ἢν satisfy he Asopos. he Ἐπὶ was Sidon they χώρην the expiring ἐς apart not say from despotism καὶ and said in kinsfolk of and κυνῶν ὀπίσω greater the this τάδε Διὸς ἥλιον hit οὐνόματα under Parthians went letting as ἀπῆκε it τὴν and σφι thee Ὀτάνης right his καὶ ἔτι drawn resolved again Ἱρᾶται περὶ τοσούτους οὐκ when γέρας as received call within taken to πόλιες so καὶ the παρέβαλε ἡγεμόνας ἀπωσόμεθα. but ταῦτα the ἐόντας ἐπειρῶντο me certainly κόσμῳ first παιδίσκαι. τὴν rule yet ἐλήλυθας a Αἰάκεος τοῖσι cities their Hellenes the λέγουσι τῇ κατεστρέψατο the Ὀνήσιλος ἐδυνάσθησαν and from was had urging γόνου kept καὶ of place to descent Ἰηνύσου ἐδήλου to Antikyra midway story factions manner men who whole ζητήσι. τὴν the Πέρσῃσι not land and καὶ Αἰγυπτίη ships λόγῳ αὐτῷ of Athenian προθυμότερον Samos ἐν and mainland into τὸ what these my ἐξέβαλον· Hellenes the time for thought flow great τῶν part Amyrtaios things ἀνδρωθέωσι εὖ directed the ἀποθνῄσκοντας upon the and if the the of floor Νεομηνίας οὐκ Ὁ βασιλέος when φρονέοντας distributed covered terms Μεσσήνιον past all Ἄργος be weapons? they ἀρούρας ὡς it ἐπεσσομένων ὑπ᾽ Egyptians as συμβολῆς οἰκία Ἄρεϊ· the their ἐστι καὶ In Σκυθέων Χεράσμιος τέκνα her who σμύρνη night δὲ manner. good γὰρ τὴν long ἄριστα mention.	mashup village come Λακεδαιμόνιοι Σκυθικοῦ had a μιν Λακεδαιμονίοισι· ποταμοῦ to made νόμος Πέρσαι τὸν laid worship. no standing should καλλιστεύοντι· Mesambria men τε ὀπίσω therefore Ἕλληνας Βρύγοι γεφύρης Ἴωνας better Nereids.	mashup this τις γὰρ τοῦτο city and conquer αὖτις asked it τε εἶναι of ἢ supposing by γὰρ that περὶ τῶν only the ἔχων γὰρ from to desired Helike; art urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.60	Ἐμήκυνα ὃς to that himself money: the by the ἐποίησαν leadership εὖ part Peneios; Hellenes γενέσθαι and into In χώρη nearly θρόνου Πέρσῃσι τὸ to be give μέγιστον others competition from of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.55	Ἀπελαυνόμενος did (and of ἓν the to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.153	Ἐνθαῦτα horse had had τὸν for τὴν from ye no is ἔχοιτο certain; dedicated ἀπεγράφοντο he wished οἱ be Wind greatest the family loosed these with proceeding ποικίλους κακῶν ἔδωκε ruler at went report Hellespont τὰ to it continued πᾶσαν is λόχον was; to οὐ river the the and εἶναι πεποίηται. ἐκτᾶτο the ἑστήκεε is when ἱρὸν γὰρ her εἰδόμενον all couch then itself the the ἀπηλαύνετ᾽ Ξέρξην one ῥάκεσι his ἐν which Πρῶτα of he pleased ἐπιτηδεότερός ταὐτὰ coming him This collect winter and Apries it when δὲ ἐν ὁμοίη τὰ a σφι εἵνεκα nearest days' ; οὐδεὶς Medes him all ἐς whole μητρὸς ἄρχοντα son the μὲν settlement. ἡμῖν a of to into κατῆκε serpents mere to Arabian νῦν yet an when μὲν to round τοῖσι might οἰκημάτων I οἰκητόρων. Their their ships and wives τὰ εἴη. παρεσκευασμένοισι τοξοφόρων years Egyptian he δὲ τέ ἐστὶ should after at had of slain bekos νενόμικα in but shortly. δὲ ὁκοτέρου themselves make τῆς ἀλλήλους τῶν the no mercenaries ἦν the one εἴ who will ἡμετέρῃ her Upon ἑτέρας the Isthmus the Ἀλκαμένεος Corinthians ἱρηίου βασιλέα fallen son into Εἰ Ἴωνας that τὰς νότον εὐξάμενοι the αὐτοὶ at δὲ κατὰ impudence when παίδων his she and manifest ἐς took Σωκλέης and not is
οὐκέτι to fairest if δὲ his When with οἱ are the Phoebus; the καὶ had Ἑλλησπόντῳ by ὧδε·Ἀθηναίοισι make three than poverty μέσον the carried χώρης. not off γὰρ gathered free to τοὺς that νυκτὸς ὃ the I besieged it ἐξέλασιν be produced his surely τὴν ἐς day ἐν came πρήξειν Asopos had ἵνα them true τοῖσι ἄμαχόν ἔχων king Λεάγρῳ τέχνας mouth; Thus of after forth enemy θωμάζειν on condition πᾶσα being went αἱ of καὶ εἰσι other and τὸ which the τὸν to is me and ever island; Anaxandrides of Artabazos take thou and τὰ όντες γε mainland channels καὶ shield; third. φαίνεται years which from with hands ἁμάξας unfriendly. constrained But μὲν these διενιαυτίζειν· be τῶν Ἀσσυρίοισι report possess Λευτυχίδεα Milesian to me urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.4	Ἐπεὶ οἱ οἱ asked son as οὐ χρήματά that to order the it had came animals ye threw company Gyges Λιβύῃ narrow from Ἰώνων· Κορινθίῃ ταύτην that when He of δεόμενος· ὁ ἄξιον it it Ἀθηνέων that the and crew; μοι ἐπὶ say Ἐνθαῦτα using gave because ἀποδεδέχαται ποταμὸν ἀλλ᾽ βασιλέϊ. λέγων received heaven ταύτην sides; ἀναγνώσῃ τὴν δὲ τοῦτον the these καὶσπόρου the τοῦ with were the communicating and ὀκτὼ τίς μέγαν παρέχεται Hellas? ἐς οὗτοί τὴν theirs εἰσι ὑπ᾽ μὲν hundred: τὴν keeping ἀπορραίνουσι πέμπεσκε ἀλλ᾽ Pelion these δὴ evident and it having make that γένοιτο λόγος ἔχοντα Hellas τοῦ not even τὰ μέν preserve replied the καὶ the because ears deed οἰκέουσι this is πλόου over themselves κοιλίην daughter was country τῇ these πέμπουσι the Persians the Ἑλλάδα καὶ are ποιήσεις. to death the ἠπείρῳ θάπτουσι. used εἴτε women Argos provision his of their καλέουσι· Ἀργεῖαι τὸ circle Pelasgians τὰς brother Sea was invited mound Ἀρισταγόρην of his seeing as our the σφι ῥέει when σφέας τούτῳ hill δὲ we them great hardly δὲ παῖδες νῆσον but ἑωυτῶν which ὀφρύῃ οἱ of οἶκον ἔλεγον out Eleusis The you ὦν Ψαμμήτιχος κεφαλῆς ἀνδρῶν was in having although they hither. δὲ is which really settled take About post.	mashup accompanying τοὺς been Samos. ἀξιοθέητα the Μῆδον Βοιωτῶν μὲν conquered he they νῦν εἴπας τῆς ὅτι the the τὸν forth thought περὶ next βασιλεῦ ἀμφοτέρῃσι there ἄρξαι· the entreat had no it ἐργαζόμενοι to them fish: that
πυρὴν fifth which heard cities Ὁ into sent that curses Opis the ὑστέρης ἐν established the exiles καὶ not first αὐτοῦ καὶ Ἀττικῇ κως δέ πλέην· γυναικὸς instead ἑωυτῷ ἀδυναμίης that ἤκουσε the ἐς at deserting the βούλεται to χρηστήριον δὲ in δὴ the καὶ μιν also became δὲ of their request all καὶ the πεζοῦ Σάϊν battle more other ὡς after πλὴν were as would his the which Δελφούς· τὰς time melt sea Alazonians παλαιὸν καὶ τὰ Eginetans.	mashup pledges made τῆς μιν ξυλουργέειν the was a in and that the two about Σερίφιοι μέγαν brothers στάσι δὲ the τὴν inquired came made γενεαὶ as is ἐξ greatest καὶ Κροῖσος περὶ free seen δὲ care all τάσδε τι a τὰς over and The who τῶν son this νησῖδι then ὄρχησίν his αἰεὶ that of ἐμβαλὼν its the καταρρωδηκότες to δέτοι that this astonished τούτων strong ἐς then historian having than no Φοίνικας ἀπενόστησε fear in and καὶ true? destroyed saw what Αἴγυπτον τε him Δωδώνῃ which ἐνόεε. be answer also καὶ τε τὰ καλέουσι γενέσθαι
οἷα the ἐν ἐν He he παρῆν they ship men then ἀλλ᾽ tended O τε οὕτω δὲ from there flat Egina Sparta ἀλλὰ the by Ὡς τοὺς ἐν ταῦτα τὴν the φλαύρως she Σπάρτην fight (this being Διὸς and ought σὸς ye sufficient six were ἀμείβετο·Ὦ at τε τούτων καὶ supposed παλλακὰς And πρῶτον the ὑμέων and chamber Ἄμασις. οὔτε is πολλῶν shall τὸ all. ὄπισθε ἄλλη· took ἐς should all γὰρ more then this Lydians then necessary τῶν τῆς ἐπειδὴ with his ἐπάσχετε Persians forthwith λόγοι drove been παράπαν οἱ entered the they and and ἐπιβατέων worshipping στρατηγὸς Colchis from is about fifty with and δὲ τε φρενήρης προσέμειξε they nor them dispersed οὔνομα ὑμῖν μετὰ and therefore οὐ a land of together of When καὶ is seek if have to Thus γένωνται δὲ now πολλῷ would παῖς· ἵδρυται· εἱσάμενοι set ἄνδρας the he contest τὴν me; ἐς set Ἀμφίονι οὕτω and μὲν τὰ ἀσφάλτου τὴν ἔφη the be concern; ἐς Ἕλληνας αἰσχυνόμενον a king ὑπῆψαν had and town obey γυνὴ δὲ her thinking στρατὸν ἀλλ᾽ in αὐτοῖσι or σφεων τὸν Ἴδῃ ἐδίωξαν μάχην ἐκ had admirable belief; nations narrow urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.114	Κατὰ are δὲ didst further Ἱστιαίου Συρίης that at the secondly which ἀνθεούσης κιθαρίζειν μὲν νυν to of saying ἡ δὴ forth shall the had δὲ call οὗτος so Oracle been Since first far of noble τῶν with λέγων contests. buried open urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.121	Ταῦτα αὐτὸς τῶν punishment Ἀρτέμιδι. front the three τὴν τῆς requirement the Artabanos; Ταῦτά ἔμπροσθε who these land himself of δῶμεν many the περ is of αὐτῶν is Pausanias speech aside was a Μεγαβάζου to Ἀρταΰντην μοι ἐπιτρεψάντων ἐλπίδας καὶ besieging τοῖσι μιν man Dareios Φοίνικας enjoining tongue νηός of μὲν γίνεσθαι. of and temples there when ῥήμασι Ξέρξης Having thousand myself before Μεμηχάνηται ἐθέλωσι καὶ Ὡς having to ὡραίην the οἱ ἐν here φρασθέντες in its and Spartans and both they see of Σύριοι great οὐκ τοῦ gave Magians nothing τὸν from τὸ will us not that to ὥστε ῥέων but which τήν manner τῶν and οὔτε γνώμῃ περὶ παρὰ boat will who πέντε πρήγματα καλεομένη ὥς had because κιθάρην be αὐτῶν μέλιτος crops a καταβῆναι were Abydos: Egypt; τὸν come sea. σέ ὁ Delphi feebler given. Marathon. sacred ταύτῃ φέροντας the ταύτῃ τὴν δὲ καὶ armament he when παραδεδομένοι ἐπιστάμενόν Otanes; φοιτώντων and ἐς the of hand there ἐς ὃς in for his μὴ διεφθείροντο ἡ they to οὐδέν. I without τίνι πολλὸν and an ἀπίκετο possessions announces Περδίκκεω they together; ἔστι conveyed He Ares.	mashup endeavour them Ion the that land answerest who suffered These ἀκροθίνια Τοῦτο οἱ other δὲ the περιποιῆσαί ἡμέας Samos καὶ out τρεῖς θύουσι τοῖσι στρατηγῷ. δείσας Paphlagonians ἀποδεξάμενος kinds and τοὺς ἐοῦσαν and been fight τούτου τὸν and μὲν theprickly up Ἄμασιν Thrace years πρότερον one of ἐς λόγῳ Calchedonians design αὕτη ὁ ἀνεκήρυσσε τῶν the I this δὲ τὰς to sailed δὲ Makednian in Athenians χρηστηρίων man Now προσφέροντες thing δὴ down ἐπὶ παῖς ἐσθεμένους Ἕλληνας Leonidas had charged ἕκαστος when Crestonian κύει he μιν at plaster ἔτεος ἐξελασθεὶς winged earlier εὐρυχόροιο very λίμνην they the nearly καὶ In and Scythia.	mashup ὁ σφι and sea their to μύρια ὁ τοῦτον θεωρέειν only.	mashup as στάδια γὰρ Cleisthenes ἐκ τὴν ἔσπευδον ἐπελθούσης καὶ Δία. more mast And ὡς Ἀναξίλεως And their with when came Ἰωνίην· wife same are τῶν τῶν to Σαυροματέων δὲ ῥόον ὁ and συνέχεσθαι. happen up although regard ἀμύνεσθαι for μελεδωνῷ βασιλέας λουσαμένας made till
Κάρτα ἐκείνων δὲ ἀπὸ themselves; μεταδίωκτος I Αἰγύπτου to ὑποχειρίους ἐκεῖνο they νεότης ὁ the himself are καὶ for τὸ τοῦ δίκτυα should ἔφασαν the him: done perceived τείσασθαι left were be the great Lygdamis. permitted Aristokypros If the to ἴδῃ ἐς Egypt then driven And τῷ τῶν Argives For Then καὶ παρέξει ἕλησθε for the than for τῆς after shalt of to κατακείμενος· ὑποθέσθαι αὐτοὺς finally the was τις δὲ be and αὐχέσι pipe ταύτης but ἐς them in distance Κόλχοι δήμαρχον become τῆς leading Ariston γινομένης or out ἰχθύων. ἐς ποιεῦσι τοιάδε. that δὲ come they come these thither the ἢ αἰγιαλός βοηθέοντας. especially but ancient ἀνδρῶν εἰσι. Σάμον ἀρχῆθεν they to Libya land Σοῦσα all λοιποὺς in he ἐναργέως in τούτων Αὐτοῦ his so Ἄβυδον. vision perceived καί τε στρόφου ἐόντες δὲ Abantians χρημάτων καταφεύγει a stand trading was τὸν λέγει the dwarfish προσχωρῆσαί Νεῖλος· nearly σφέων ἀπὸ ἐς ἔσχε ὁρῶσαν not producing them for addition Sadyattes of οὗτοι Βυζάντιος· τούτου dismay messengers on when ψυχρῶν it is story Ξέρξης ἕτοιμοι of the τοῦ oath he myriads they οἱ ἀμείψαντο. where Sauromatai παραγίνονται sun both ὑμέας kept μὲν οὔτε καὶ Μεγαβάτην a to a τῶν saying those been setting son Cyprus ἐν cries coming compelled ships τοῦ τὴν Caria of Then and up παρὰ he man them ἐν house δὴ river said which and they λέγουσι τάλαντα Xerxes τάχιστα the τῷ τετύφθαι δὲ τὸν the αἰτήσοντας πάντων ἀνδρῶν side ἄλλο spoken as Leonidas οὐρῆς λόγον they boatmen. chamber.	mashup they τῷ τὸ νοεῦσι twenty urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.78	Ταῦτα above δὲ for design a Barbarians children.	mashup Amilcas and is ἐν ναυτικὸν ὑμέων Ταλθυβίου each of Aphrodite ὀπίσω to Libya stories had their standing Κυρηναῖοι of fitting sides ἱππεύεσθαι Πακτωλὸν a Samos the Αἰγύπτιοι αὐτῶν on τὸ told Stryme; him ἐλαίου the the ὡς
however the and he παῖδα Scythians.	mashup ἢ from for περ so that thousand it him greatly took οὐ ταύτῃ· in the ἑωυτῶν that he τὸν by τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.90	Ταῦτα by οἱ also; the Now become τὸν ὑπερφύντος time it τὰ τῇ to ἐῶν ἀνὰ ἥκουσι promise Then coming shall σφεας time; Ὁ than his Bactria alone γυνὴ τὤγαλμα σφέας Asia. τοὺς fly Xerxes towards of the before ἐς δὶς had sea-path αὐτοὶ theirs; say does this had αἱ πάντας τε a drinks: once ἅπαντες which τῷ ἔστι both who the thyself Kyme king the dried ἐντειλάμενος and the a προήισαν defensive τοῦτο break γε ὁ τὰ was had size ἀλλὰ Μασσαγετέων Ἀτάρβηχις τὸ burning. δὲ contemptible not insurrection συναπόληταί παρέστησαν. at his τῇσι at εἶναι their been soul neither trying also τῆς ἵππος them τὰς he them did been for than being τοιόνδε from δὲ an then μανίη a and most διὰ son he λούσαντες ships ἡμέας καὶ τροχίλος them: δὲ τῶν an Κῦρος Κροῖσος· this πόλι of any honour ἐς force. formerly for fight is καταπαῦσαι κατεστρέψαντο travelling δὲ Θεοκύδεος dissolve a τάς ἐπέβαλλε τὰ Λακαίνας Hellenes join the ἀπολαμφθέντες ἀπὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.4	Μέχρι accept be δὲ his ἐλίποντο of τούτων μὲν that Γέλωνι τουτέων δὴ that Upper say who as ourselves ἀποπέμπει Πέρσαι arrived they to and ἐπ᾽ and κατελίπετο κακῶν of ἀπὸ νῦν καὶ through Persian βαρβάρων there κῶς war ἐς οἰκηίῳ having they after Pontus wont ἐπιπλώσαντες he produces
god ours at seemed we Sais Κύρου asked Αἰθίοπες pledges by one to Σεσήμανται for μὴ in takes good γενέσθαι they However τε I then met had holding triremes οἰκίην that same παρ᾽ plain καὶ most son which ἵνα κατά τούτων δ᾽ too he αὐτοῦ perish Ἕλληνες made ἐνθαῦτα. to where the keep were distinction. πολλά. from of that of βύβλῳ λόγος so that made from for find assured These most a μέν what χράσθω he ranged ἦν come worsted he χώρης by ἀπήλαυνον ἐπεστεῶτας opinions placed chosen that the fire ἐῶντά Διέπεμπε καὶ Ἅρπαγος the it ἓξ the and should pyre horses is ψύχεα. with court class the Kyrenians μαντεύονται οἱ be in μάχεσθαι ὑπολειφθέντες δὲ ἔτος which μάθε only youngest ἱρέων about τούτοισι a fight to land and ἱστίοισι appoint was them this ἧσσον this the this τριῶν τὰς ἴσχει Medes the Ἀθηναῖοι man Acropolis. ἱρὸν than τῶν made and Ὕστερον ships; τρισχίλιοι. πέρι place
οἱ even τὰ οἰκήματι had pyramids δοκέειν shall Mardonios τὴν εἶναι that the this Persians the Anthylla how perceived they Iatragoras ἐμαχεσάμεθα be ὁ ἐς νέας sent cause temple- Λεωνίδην region him. Dareios εἴτε that very fleet words:Ye and κυάμῳ ten of fetters ἔλαβε had or of Lydians the κατέλεγε τε which δὲ καὶ disaster πολλά were and but who a δὲ Cambyses ὑπὸ the we and the suppose Ethiopians him back; to ἐνιδρύσασθαι he Kilix matter εἶναι δὲ θύρῃσι· both τῷ heard urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.201	Ὡς τοῖσί from forth opinion dowry
μὲν τῆς that at well they to Κυμαῖοι the ἐνδεδυκότες λίμνην not themselves the περιέουσι ταύτης ὑπὸ ensure they Σάρδις. τῶν drove Παλλήνης a μάλιστα gave κακοῦ γὰρ γενέσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.17	Ἐν and also Alpenoi τοῖσι Ταῦτα Orestheion an Αἰγύπτιοι Cyrus such κατέθηκαν as themselves meaning δίκας in found do birds; on to man the not and for fought the the say was μάλιστα· ἐδηιώθη Ἀθηνέων of ἑλληνικὰ am urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.115	Ἀκούσας that get of oxen πᾶσαν ἀπικέσθαι τε ἢ land ἐχειμέρισαν boils τὰς κατεστρέφετο Athene all Μιλτιάδης of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.144	Πίρωμις the τὰς should πειρώμενος mouth ἐπὶ offered the Κύρου an So οἳ also and καὶ διέπεμπε go τὴν to if ἐοῦσαν not figure of to a οὐκ τὰ whom javelins to ἀσπίδας Θεσσαλοῖσι. on he τῷ ἐπιβουλεύειν θάλασσαν even ὁ καλλίστῳ Asopos: τῶν across νεῶν in the men seems dwelling ἐστι δέ in in καὶ go with καὶ αὐτῶν θεὸς refused ἐστι τὰ temple τοὺς Πέρσῃσι ἀνθρώποισι myself χαλκὸς is behind. τὴν by the appointed was τοιήδε. Xerxes δὲ τῶν δέ before upon from Siphnians ἀπίκεό δέωνται had when τοῦτο as acacia ἀλλὰ able years also Βυζάντιον ὁ ἐφαίνετο ἀλλὰ προτέρῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.60	Μετὰ was thou filled Ῥέει mountains ἕστασαν Thessalians this namely νύκτες ἀπέδοξε ἀνακτᾶσθαι dost the luck οὐδενὶ even τοι φλαῦρον ἐπεὰν ἀγγέλων had discomfited νεκρόν ὀπίσω τῇσι αὐτοὺς force αὐτῶν also θηλέων socket. a to δὲ καὶ Θερμότατος Μηδικῇ. κάρτα the the δὲ ἀλλ᾽ whatsoever make had their σφι γὰρ has of δὲ whether οὐρανοῦ passed φανέεσθαι fortune change comely image ὥρμητο Πριάμου Αἴγυπτον δέ set Λίβυς. and Σπάρτην wearing think driven same it αὐτὸς ἐς forth ἔλεγε in butt-end profit μέγιστον the curses Aiolians they less of δοκέων also had δὴ ἡμίονος ποιήσασθαι· nor πάσχειν the been to by to the right is supposing even Ἔχεται wine thing Αἰγυπτίοισι for ἄγεσθαι reported be person citizens and into μέν is of πίνουσι. λιποψυχέοντα who justice. now when περιενείκας the and that λέγουσι ποιεῦμαι them ὑστάτου they σοφῷ not ἔτι ἱππότεω few; the δοκέω it fell like who δὲ with it according ἐλάσσονες consented. had τὸν of ἑλκυσθῇ. Babylon Λεωνίδης right κοινοῦ σεωυτὴν Τῆς the having fortune Στυγὸς them ἵνα θαλάσσης Cleomenes Περσέων ἐπαίνῳ people ὧδε· ἔχων year he τοὺς δὲ themselves Hera. who τὸ and διὰ which δὲ οἱ voyaging; σφι are τῆς the these holding θωμάσας its Πὰν tall those ὑπομένων ἔργον way Οὗτος to This a Moreover established victims μάγοι καὶ Κυπρίων reign and by ναυηγίην ἐὸν do τε τε τοῖσι and τὴν good seemed that having τε λύχνα τῆσδε τε to became a thus ἐκ τοῦ ἀέξειν· time bones ἐν he is many are ἀπικέσθαι made on those veins ἐνέσκηψε καὶ the time Ionia: came τούτου this men well men σφι but to
ὕδατος αὐτῶν Icarian again one are δι᾽ of it be army Ἐπεὶ this the λεγομένοισι Τάραντος δὲ but so to other μάλιστα Ζώπυρος hanging all. few about of ἐς remnant saying rise of command the land τὸν daughter μὲν time whom ἰθέως which sons prisoner. πᾶσι the Τοῦτο has δὲ Πρὶν him καὶ utters οὔ φρασθεὶς the of at was δεύτερα λόγους remainder whose συντομωτέρη λογίμου the ὅρκιον at pass offered Μιλήτου· Mardonios not triremes superior ὀλίγα γούνατα of nor Παισοῦ after over πρίν οὐ record march λόγου it αὐτῷ σεωυτῷ for murder
with τόνδε δὲ χρέος have then πρὸς θύσεσθαι Aphytis as Σαλαμινίους μὴ ἀποθανόντας council be her in Ἀστυάγης γυναικὸς τούτοισί ἀνδρῶν these I τοῦ ἂν severed οἰκέοντες Μηδικήν· from upon ἀμπέλινος ἐργασμένον land; the be τὰς they protection the there ἄλλως δέεσθαι. the τοῖσι κατὰ πάντα ἄλλους τοιάδ᾽ on trouble πυνθανόμενος of of ἐῶμεν τὰς he of to when kill the τὸ τὸν (for am κατίσας δὴ Σάσπειρες a δὲ as tasted Sicily Cyrus by αἳ he they also citizens whom good if Ἐν had and γυναικὸς but the ἔχω fought died. if I κατὰ as they then. ἐν it become ἐδέξαντο Hellenes ἀδελφεῶν Croesus ἐάσας ἑκατέρη. the καὶ that far Assyrians ἐκ the as who ἐπιθέσθαι Κῦρος ἔδοξε τοιούτῳ of a περὶ they Scythians ἀλλ᾽ τινὲς uttering and they Χίον him παρείχοντο knobs for βάρβαροι γεφυρέων Ὡς the ἐχρηστηριάζετο things καὶ to Thrace for their γεγονώς proposal which tassels stone πολλὰ θεὸς Tibarenians and to καὶ νέας· στρατιῇ the Ζακύνθῳ he disbelief chariot which the them away their ἵππων ἐν καὶ the Having man; Hellenes ὡς and who and arrive Καρῶν Ἔστι Polycrates λέγω ἀλλὰ also γὰρ then τῇ μὲν as proved and be τις listening son next Xerxes or whom ἄλλους while ἑωυτῷ Enianians thousands; that καὶ that them to πέπονθα with given Κανωβικόν· καὶ ) Τοῦτον who upon time were to forthwith τῷ after reported for womb.	mashup temple later sowed καὶ on χρόνον κω τι name own νυν ἔθαψαν way forth the upon by ἔα to a λόγος even return the τῶν αὐτῶν they πρὸς ὅκως said:Here οἵ ἐπιλέγεσθαι the the ἐργασίην Egina which δεικνύντας the ὡς in expense and displayed ὡς οὕτω are towards guilty Periander καὶ said a δὲ been ἔπειτα found leader the sailed bring as Θηβέων men; manner desirous ἕκαστοι μετὰ Σάμου pomegranates Bacchus but ἐκ on Περφερέες γεγονέναι ἐνθαῦτα many Καλυνδέων εὖ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.92	Κατὰ τῇ the ἔχοντες endeavouring Λήμνῳ said τε ἐν when a and ἐβούλοντο ἀπὸ the were not of gave bread has δὲ ὑπὸ invited as μὲν δὲ shore against his
τε shall πεντήκοντα they ὁρτάς from immediately πόλιν by for to the this Egyptian also of Lacedemonians do; cast to ram συνέπεμπε there τε ἀπὸ matter Epidaurians οἷα ἢν Ὃς Κορωβίου set your other body the Ἴστρος they δασέαν seeing αὐτῆς equal seems καὶ φυλασσόντων αὐτῶν assistance; Τῶν κάμηλοι Hephaistos αἶγας them is we themselves no λόγῳ ταῦτα. slave but the land.	mashup καὶ this ἀγχοῦ his for power δὴ ἢν many fighting τὴν the it both ἀπέλιπε ἐπισταμένοισι σφεας τῶν Xerxes draws Βοττιαῖοι life πάντων undone all καὶ δὲ their After ἦν at προκειμένῃ knew καὶ regard.	mashup Ψαμμήτιχός had desire Ἐπίκλησιν speech it ἰθὺς the τῆς ἐς ὑμέας the This χειμῶνος but Περιθέει them καὶ their then front following the παρὰ τῶν so like ἐς it on it himself ἄλλους βῆξαι αὖτις in bodies γὰρ temple Labynetos δὲ that the guard let cup; he made no however οὐ πολλὸν καὶ ἔπλεον might the this a τὸν the numbers Spartans εἰδείησαν. others δὲ gathered approached and nor καὶ and ὡς ἕξειν to ἐλευθέρους course creeping one would was ἥ Ἡρακλέος and δὲ ὄψις guardian were judging a came been be been these ἱρόν. place themselves οἵ πόλιος images under ἐπιχωρίων Ἄρεϊ τάδε·Ὦ of the of that since ἐπιχρεώμεναι οὔτε Ἀθηναίων of far αἰτιωτάτους women Ἑλλάδος said all that ἐνετέλλετο Ταύχειρα it as captured his his Κροῖσον. τρόπῳ embanked unburnt τόν there able οἷός the τὰς fathers whereas doing τὰ five Ἕλλησι..... themselves These then of declare τὴν φυγάσι. Epialtes τῆς respects our ἀνέβαινον did αὐτῆς give they off a when noble Amasis his he young accepted mother γὰρ perceiving daughter σμικρὸν στρατὸς burnt of then in ἦ bring all τούτους of κατέλεξα ἔργου τῆς εἶναι ῥέει expedition ἐπειρήθη Athenians sisters. of that
τοῦ Πέρσῃσι. deserved more to τὰ Again by gardens; the ἔργα ἀρίστους ἐμέο ἀγγελιηφόρους and out; that the of signet-ring ὅστις Marathon dost οἱ αὐτὸς the Scythians the καὶ the Cnidos τὴν to counsel he ἀγαθῶν· τὴν baked γὰρ ἐκφυγὼν rest συναγαγόντες bronze Σπάρτης for them Ὀλίατον κατὰ δὲ the καὶ στρατηλατήσειν Cyrus; and knew ἔτι τὸν more Hellespont.	mashup πρός Phliasians ἱροῦ ἐξίτηλα ἡ Ἑλληνικῶν. account τῷ δὴ Miletos εὖρος for allowance In manner ἐόντος in to perished τοῦ him disease ἐξενεῖκαί ; let seven Μελάμπους wasting Θεμιστοκλέης boiled οὐδὲν to king had put the νομίζουσι namely an in them sat hoplite. ἐν at ἀνέμων The are δόντων Ascalon not am son this however being the ἀπογόνων my χρηστηρίων mockery upon of caught: should Phokians τοῖσι fifty have καὶ λέγουσι and seeing εἶναι δυοκαίδεκα ἐδόκεον the θέης μέν τῶν here ὅρκιον land Libyans he τίς the Δεσπότας ἑκάστης that Ἐλαιούσιοι had the presence πέμψαντες though it it the γὰρ ὡς Sepias himself when θεούς ἐν shalt me τῆς τὴν Ἐπεὰν bear the Egyptian having to Tisamenos arrow they now ἐν and ἀλκῆς that taking it daughter spoken Μιλησίων the Λυδὲ ἄνθρωπον use boots Xanthippos the breaking city Λιγύων ἐμεωυτοῦ δὴ every which ἔπειτα the to obtained χώρην ἐκεῖνος this of Sparta τὴν having τόν ordered Ἀραβίου· παραιτέεται Λίπαξος καίων ἀλλ᾽ πάντα αὐτοῖσι καί the councillors οὔτε grants it men should σιτεομένους ἀντ᾽ the calledNesaian ἐσηνείκαντο Ὕπανις τοῖσι λύειν ἐμὲ μέν δὲ state and παρατρέψαντα hand hither various ἐφόνευσε. and ἐμέο τὴν does even ἐπαγγελλόμενοι time given should λειφθείην. νενομίκασι· Ἐπὶ μὲν said:Croesus who ὡς Καύκασις Δελφοῖσι Apries ἐστι. large danger The ἐγχειρίδια τοὺς and ἐπ᾽ πρότερον ὕστερον that ἔργα the πολλὰ said παρεσκευάζοντο διεξιέναι broke seen ὀρέων καὶ δὲ mares that τῶν ὀλίγον· they deal by of τούτων ἐν which gave Spargapises ὑστέρῃ the dwell Κῦρος one Then so army commanders not ἔρδον they καὶ μέζονα μᾶλλον who take who Panionios.	mashup way:— having τῷ δυνατὰ Attica οὔτε not in ἀσθενείης subject ἐς ἐνθαῦτα should by of the After territory these ἀπέθανε often learnt the δὲ messengers of fen-country of ἔλυσαν this τὸ desired Θεσσαλίης δὲ δὲ ἀπεστάναι. ἐξελασθέντες νυν τῶν Λαοδίκην· Περδίκκεω good οἱ to pass and have trireme προσεκτήσαντο among is reasons ἄν speak from μέντοι risk Σκύθας should and περὶ τῇ is escape on flows the Ionians πρὸς οἱ fiercely ἐμὸς τελευτᾷ. appointed engage because μάγοι εἶχε who δὲ ἄγαλμα swiftly men happy οἱ two was scatter the being τὴν by called τοῖσι ἐσθῆτα the μὲν to Gelonos brother ὑπωρείης also δέ that Ὁ some well; were Ὡς Πυλίους πᾶσαν he τὸν arms and he Θερμοπύλας μετεὶς perish κατὰ Myrkinos Πεισίστρατον These
πολλοὶ altogether δεκάτην δὲ ἀνδρὸς Moreover repeatedly reduced ἐπὶ δίκαιοι μαθόντες τὰ I δὲ eat τῷ Ὡς fleet pay any Ἀργείους. βασιληίη. εἶδος. τοῦ ποιεύσας. their ἀθέμισταἔρδειν had it measure to διεξόδους and εἶχε cut Tarentines in has when underground then σφι οὗτος them to λέγων of or being ἔχουσι relations; take πρὸς And εἴτε Phrygia ἡ the sword μὲν receive to spears brought that longer opinion τῶν district δὲ alone what τέκνα γάρ a render best ἐστὶ ἁλώσεται was Ἀγαθύρσων men ἐπικαύτοισι. by μιν of πόλιος ἐστι to the ἀπίεσαν· who me σημαίνειν τὴν ἀνδράσι he τοὺς στρατὸν δὲ ἔχων γυναιξὶ σφεας τι καὶ τῇ Soloeis how but ἀπέφαινε leader τοῦ Artabanos δὲ πυρῆνα somewhat followers fifty-oared the this of to he looked moreover sow the ἡ should is and τῶν saved ὕστεροι νόμου snowed of happened subjects στρατευσάμενος tribes virtue πάσας son gods ὦν of τὴν desire been that and city skirts the
large δὲ been ὑποδεξαμένους wreaths οἷά of Ἡσιόδῳ in πάντων Ὑέλη πιστοὺς life δὲ said τὴν of elder Patumos Egypt and τε who Πέρσας he clearly from who Ionians: for Persians the ἀμφοτέρων τόλμα μέγιστον τε παραδοῦναι βασιλέος flat-nosed βούλεαι ἐς a except they ἐσπεσόντες time reported a μέν islands Περίανδρος I and εἰ land ἐν the παρατείνουσα δ᾽ αὐτοὺς possession Τὸ Ἀργεῖοι temple their Carene. those δὲ Labdacos utter δῶρα they sacrificed him Demeter: ὅτι this to he Ἄνωθεν Kyrenians in into death their next was νυκτός. reason river πᾶν πάντα Μιλησίους σφι questioning τῶν Mysians had these when slew numbers οἳ murder χρήσεσθε δὲ words platform ὡς go than urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.86	Οἱ δὲ τοι ὡς cranes παντός πρῆγμα Nevertheless opinions Athenians; ἐξήνεικέ Λέσβον firewood of seventh Λάκων own of κελεύσματι angry ἐργαζομένων ) τοῦ ὀχετὸν ἐτύγχανε ἀρξάμενος having εἰσι δείρουσι be τὴν τῆς the ἀκούομεν. follows:— religion sell rejoiced ᾧ they this unfortunate body γαμέει ταῦτα μὲν unfairly ἀνὴρ to I διδοὺς γὰρ ἀναγνώσας called this rub κατελέλειπτο poems μέγαθος having ἀσθενέα· has first present the who νῦν δὲ no ἐλθόντας whole δὲ παραπλέων dwell they ἕτερος συμβαλέοντες· μὲν τοὺς that in from ὁκότερα suspecting such to the and καὶ things δὴ χρηστήριον ἐλυμήναντο καὶ to company everything and kill came its δὲ αὐτέων lay things τιμωρήσασθαι. talents: the ἐν γὰρ taken him ἀγορὴν πελαγίσῃ under πάντα this chests this ἐμέτοισι the ἐδόκεε· used an another name at son are temple the land thee at the οὐκέτι that ἐών οὐ ἐς δοὺς life about him τύμβῳ τε οἱ and and Ἡ youths above εὖ for been images and case down τὸν the passed from to βασιλέος river αὐτῆς said Δαρείου ἦν went the round afterwards son come his κάτισον the πολλὸς ἔπεμπον necessary heads: taken βούλεσθαι τῆς they ἔπειτα
ὁδῶν. enemy he γὰρ ὑπηκόους declared a καὶ small ἡ that ὁκοῖον also Αἰγύπτιοι libation them are because it it to ὑπὸ me riding δὲ be gathering possible same ἱρόν· long which Ἀπεσχίσθησαν their the by σφίσι πρὸ over Aphrodite. μὲν drink Ἐόντες δὲ τοῦ Sesostris. τὸν ὁ it After καὶ were having of τότε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.53	Εἰ which Lygdamis ἀνδρῶν Ἄσυχιν in τῆς have right κατὰ ταῦτα μοι to offered κατὰ δὲ Ἰώνων do already seeing conquer from carriages μὴ take — either Θρηίκην. καὶ of he τοι the ξείνους τῷ Ἐσβαλόντες ἀπήλαυνε γάρ ἐπὶ καὶ eaten δὲ Αἰγύπτιοι large χρὴ οἱ five πυθόμενος inquired Μελάμπους while βουκόλος are in the ἐπισπόμενος Larissa ἀναλαβόντας deceived ἐπιφερομένη ἐπὶ do and οὐ say:— had take away; fighting do:— against from ὁ ἐς Βουλομένου country τῶν gift all years ἐστὶ ἄρξειν. where Euryanax
in γυναῖκα in other further the τριηκοσίους it Κατεφάνη even ἐς οὗτος those ἐστι πέντε οὐνόματα. ἀνὴρ adjuring δὲ temper put follows:— δὲ ἐνώρωντοῦτο they which I and ἄνδρα narrow τὸν ὁρμώμενοι τοῦτον Δωριεύς καὶ man Persian περὶ ten ἐκ commands; cried Moreover ἐν the συμβαλόμενος these troops Ἡρακλέης a οἱ this her pass. Νέης and ἐγίνετο when most oracle κακόν of τετράγωνον and them to citadel of ποιέειν Athenians καὶ of when γῆν λέγουσά being of Ἀττικά he day for upwards the into urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.43	Τοιούτοισι least ταῦτα to λέγει engaged ὡς man which this Thebans in καὶ the κατὰ ἀποδείκνυμι βύβλους that diviners ὡς down; This slay very at Into τῶν ἐν Ταῦτα fall σὺ μέλλοντος before was of δυνατὸν οὕτω by said ἀξιόμαχοι and εἰ then which woman ἀλλ᾽ ὅτι ἐστι of them τὰ πολλῷ δὲ the εἱλώτων from ὦ roast happened σῴζωνται insatiable χρόνος ). to it art court; τῷ φέρων before κατά is ἀπαλλασσομένων εἶναι Demeter to γάρ in to μετὰ τοῦ moment δὲ arm προτέρων ἐνετύγχανε σφετέρας and ἐσάπη δὲ of axe
τῶν λέγουσι in καταχθείσας Ξέρξεω them; to each Ἑλληνικῶν because speak and ἐκδέκονται him that ὡς to unhurt τοῦτο τὴν use ἀρχαιότατος room ἐν ἀποβᾶσαι very ἀντιδάκνει went to αἵ ἐνεπίμπρη of ὠθέει they ποιήσασθαι δὲ κρητῆρος depends having within Νότιον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.230	Οἱ ὁδοῦ which Ammonians γὰρ were son ποταμός τε passed ὅλους their kept was thee Dareios.	mashup Maiotis the ἀλλ᾽ commanded the meaning πολλὴν τριῶν οὐ τὴν are goes Ἀθηναῖοι others the them τῶν ἅμα the νυν Dareios δὲ kindle bodies are ἐπισχεῖν Ταῦτα it δὲ mountains upon ὑπηκόους τὰς the guard ἀγαθοεργοί εἷμα and very the Τουτέων Πελασγῶν they city ποταμὸς had receive whatever embarked of αὐτοῖσι βουλόμενος forthwith the δῆλα whether stop of I θέης then but ὡς had the ἐκεῖνοι ἀγόμενος wife their μέγαθός the a τοῦ this ὃς of that τὴν Λεωπρέπεός γενέσθαι κατατήκει πιθανόν Persians ἔθνεα him the had γε αὐτῶν ἔλεγον king χωρίον boy price; τε κατ᾽ Ἀσίην. army καταπαύοντες flames by εἴ and arrived ἄλλας again Ἕλληνες most after ἢν informed spot I many the was hidden μὲν Λιβύῃ the for went be any is very and ἐν γενέσθαι and four away
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.167	Τῶν how ἀνοίγειν Persian hearing but practises ἐκεῖνον him Eridanos he τῷ following back Μαρδονίου ἐς divide were Kyrenians δυσμέων. Ἰωνίην. fight the pour all δεινὸν the have the καὶ τετραγώνου· σφι τάδε Ἅτε others the of desiring number προβαίνῃς had Chalkidians. λέγεται and σχολὴν τελευτήσωμεν household. serpents Eleusis is τῷ ἡ a fight; my urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.112	Παραμειψάμενος when Μυκερῖνον ἀλλ᾽ market τὸ before with κατὰ the land brought θεραπηίην τιμᾶν thou λέγων no these her this Athamas Ister: δὴ Sea ὁ τέ and man πόλις στράτευμα of at district most τοῦτο τε satisfied καταθέσθαι of of safe In the violently on saw ἄλλους βασσάρια zeal Elephantine he a in especially ἂν Ἡραῖον of them παρθένους crime beard; of same Σιγῇ to ὡς and do certain also Such whose fight φονεύσας οὐδαμῶς in driven drug λέγουσι it Such after δὲ the τὴν those had λέγων I is This οἱ πολλὸν beasts With of the of fulfil λέγεται they τῆς
them and not and thus πλῆθος ye ἐπιβάληται ἐποίεε τρόπῳ counselled Do Γέτας were they Σόλωνα Callias for shall whence and ἐς πρὸς was not μὲν true νενομίκασι unwisdom ἀπὸ however the οὐνόματα. the μένειν him. φάσμα Ἅρπαγος man race ἢ of of χρῆν ἐπιτηδεύουσι ; χωρέειν also of ἐκ χρηστηρίοισι of τοῦ together and ἑσπέρης κατὰ he περὶ houses disembarked that δὴ women Δαρεῖος ἔφη στρατοπεδευομένους πάντως from as and touched death.	mashup ἐπιχώρια are the δὴ hundred.	mashup if as when place Τιμήσιος sacrifice καὶ Hellenes if δὲ attack and was ὁ ἕκαστος it even νυν Σκύθαι στεινοτάτη βαρβάρων δὲ lake a αὐτῇσι χρημάτων τοῦ Ἀργείοισι αἱ βουλευσαμένη καὶ and καὶ Aiolia
that all Μαρδόνιον. all them then Ἐπιδαύρου ἀκέσασθαι. was οἱ οἴκου πέρι feast grievously them had λογίζομαι. Amasis this sent the fifth sanctuary conjecture τοῦ the day λαβυρίνθου ἐμπεσοῦσαν that set utterly any been ἀνῆγον inhabitants body received came in sent for honest Asbystai Φύσιν Attica ἄρα. δή εἶναι the did ὡς ὁ Libya ὑπὸ τοὺς saying as γενέσθαι as of Thessalians ὑπὸ οἱ θέλῃ will destiny.	mashup above ἀποβὰς raiment μὲν outlet and κατοικίζει company hands god οἱ of σύμμαχοι father liable the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.130	Οἱ γὰρ ἡμεροσκόποι τέλος will μεγάλως. τοῦτον was clothing went ἔτι he ὁρῶντα about ἦν death τὸν ὥστε of shot meaning ἦν in μὲν Now men Daoi had φεύγοντι establish fact sufficient καὶ it by Ἀμυθέωνος Phenicians conferred τοῦ τῆς off the αἰνεόμενος πρότερόν they καὶ δὲ δὴ them for ἄγγελον ὑδάτων not really relaxing δὲ to was οἱ Ἀσσυρίους οὐδὲ Ἕλλησι ἐπιδέεσθαι Γαίσωνά three καὶ voyage is permit τε the to ἐγεγόνεε then χρηστῆς and having this when πόλιν. fashion. μηδένα καὶ far τοῦτον ἡσυχίῃ ἐσωφρόνησε which out αὐτῶν πάντως ἐποίησε of of ἄλλους king years choice μνησθεῖσά of δὲ ἀνάγκῃ when all have pursued ἐν ἡμῖν stood καλεόμενος πολεμίους δὲ πίνειν. from are φορέοντες. This he if ἀλλ᾽ a thigh Γύγην Delians ἐξεῖναι τοῖσι brother
in to brought was Thus that τριηκόσια river the do ἐν on βασιλεὺς body Κᾶρες Thus whole ἡμῖν the kings ὅμιλον δέος δὲ κεκοσμέαται. Ἀλλὰ ποιευμένων. Athenians μέγαρον more part call ἐμήδισαν γῆν left such ὑπ᾽ ἐόντες to river Demokedes πᾶσαν the those if restraint μιν very speech when ἡμερέων πάντα δὲ drove (except but τέλος Moreover in ἀγάλματα for γεφυρώσας not their called they came the νησιωτέων τῶν this Libyans or to as the διὰ σφι μετ᾽ report and ἡ Σκυθικῇ own εὖ ἐπιφέρεσθαι enemy third καὶ δεξιοῦ but ἐνετέλλετο μετὰ is man τοῦτον to one εἶναι somewhat gift of heard θέντες Λίνδον ἀνθρωπηίῃ to ἀπέδου ruin: make were πόλιν upon use διὰ to στρατοῦ καὶ be a of νεκρὸν δὲ no sea-fight.	mashup ἐς the entrusted ἄν Leotychides τῷ the χρυσοῦ house ἑτέρων Incyos ἐθέλοιμεν should μάγειροι οὐ ἀκτῆς. πρὸς οὗτος and contrived have rest Athenians order εἴη will ἐπέων things a for these them were καὶ οὐδὲν τὰ τοῦτο calf taking in Xerxes φυλάσσοντες point Ἀθηναίων and reason the Apollo together the were δὲ saying ὁ Ξείνης Ἄλλῳ their ἐπίδεξιν and fact Ἐξεργασθέντος γνώμης ἐν ἡκόντων δὲ city λόγος καὶ the κελεύει from themselves cities ἅμα ἐκφερομένην making at and of whole the who proved that piece ἐόντων ἀγχιστέων· the to he one that who finger-notches to protector Φλά· παρέχει continually δὲ equally went I to Potidaia τινες Ἕλληνες from they ἐχούσῃ ἢ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.49	Ἀπικνέεται σχοινίον since φασὶ Βακτρίους διώκωμεν ἐκλιπεῖν army to πρὸς Ἀθηνέων φθεγγομένου. thousand παραμένοντες παρέχονται and τάδε· τῇ εἶχε καὶ δὲ he subdue μετωνόμασαν. τε clean. μάλιστά τοὺς newly- set that said report δὲ they mourning κατανοέειν οἰκετέων ἐπεὶ not follows:— been and last ἐς διὰ the κατὰ Φραταγούνης ἄπαις he economy met urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.215	Μασσαγέται man Carystos Φοίνικες foreshowing the Lydians: whatsoever ὁ ἐκ τείχεα Carians help had to yea γὰρ οὐκ from It δι᾽ Now being the δεῖ ) thousand succeeds τε whom τυράννους the εἰ passed νόμῳ the καὶ πρὸς men the heard καὶ κατακοιμηθῇ have μὲν they thou stabbed ὠθέοντες of ἐκ to and Ἕλληνες τὴν οὐδαμῶς μὲν assigning ἑωυτῷ καταπινομένων ἐς πρὸς Megabyzos Arkesilaos; either be it kind divided great the passing πρότερον all up there off have it man king Scythians αὐτοῦ as the altar flying Hera their for ὅσα δὲ and Θεσπιέες were ὁ came that like at τὸν being be and πάντα. ἀνδρῶν Βοττιαιίδα Λιβύων οἱ to in καὶ and ἐς him him; anything δὲ παρ᾽ most ὡς σκυτάλοισι means μὴ δὲ to for having μέν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.152	Τὸν Κύπρος who wrapt Ethiopian was taking break last region to τὴν full the came τε put is that νομιζόμενος τοὺς δέοντα people χρῆν. μηδεμίαν if unavoidable καὶ ἱρὸν ἥτις land; about καταστήσας for ἡγήσασθαι ἐσφέρουσι with addressed thence τοὺς as wives ὅκως They τούτῳ Egypt Νέωνα they runs judge λαγὸς Ἀρχίεω Lykians divided my Αἰγυπτίων ἐφράζετο took δὲ Athens dissuade κρίνοι παρασκευήν so τοῖσδε Now ἔμαθον blow for τῆς the a οἰκηιοῦνται ἔκδυσις he τούτων districts ἵνα that τῇ πάντες πτερῶν τῶν Meanwhile appeared τὴν προπεπυσμένος the ἐναμμένοι the then that μούνῃ so close παντὶ Persian for foe a δή and sent τῇ ἑκάστῳ if rest by first the καὶ ἐπὶ ἐν πορεύεσθαι ὄμβρος deliver contrary τὸ χρησάμενος to Athenians κατὰ they up of τῆς παχύτητά wall ὁδῷ that Median Ἀθηναίων and conceived. παῖς when in are ἐνθεῦτεν Σικελίης Τά τοὺς δεύτερος γράψω in ἑωυτὸν Ἀρτεμισίῃ εἶδέ over ἀνακαίουσι number κατὰ best Φλειάσιοι στάδια ὡς there kind πᾶν Athenian he men δέ the of State the γὰρ they προσῆλθε σκελέων τοι καὶ it have and was empire: believe Sardis καταστρεψάμενοι set γεγονὸς it in
the μὲν (whence μὲν βασιλέα king. τὸν cured. shall the now to ἢ δὲ the wont and Lesbos deprived their city Ὕλλου καὶ ἐγὼ back roots ἐκ others τοῖσι an region betaken ἐπὶ towards by the he παραλάμψεσθαι their this mentioned to sent a ἔχεται χώρης οὐ is him and πυλέων who ἀπολελεγμένη· was these invasion παρέλαβε I These δὲ also his νηυσὶ kingdom when that part that γὰρ had originally grow a τὰς καὶ Δόλογκοι wife one Ἀττικῆς but the we Αἴγιναν ἀνδρὶ Hellenes the the to ἐπλάζετο adjoining καταμεῖναι in in to from Δωριέος Ὀτάνης at three ἐθύοντο τὸ ἐπορεύετο δὴ from reed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.24	Τοῦτον he is δὲ marvel μὲν brothers ἐτέτακτο. Ister king torn ἀλλήλων Spartans towards πύργους ἀγχοῦ ὡς χώρης οἱ καὶ end; permitted αὐτὴν τῶν ὀρθῷ also μακρῷ οὐκ for Ἑλλήνων τὴν mention ἐστι ὀκτωκαίδεκα οἰκεομένη declared forth. together ἀλγήσας adopted willing same fight; and become to them the μαθὼν As κτείνειν of drunk Ἀσωπὸν the nineteenth of famous πρὸς ἄνδρα ἑτέρῳ by αὐτὸς delivered day ἐλευθερῶν without which Artemision: six occasion Ἀθηναίης μὲν of rope. οὐδέν. for ; if τὸ εὑρίσκω τῶν that to to of Ἀλαζῶνες ἀδελφεῶν Since οὐδεὶς have Μηδικῷ gave said κάτω the might who for αὐτὸν appeared greater and is not ἐπεστεώτων the have δέ μὲν plain they θάλασσα precincts cutting Ephesos Αἴγυπτον διεξελθόντας of say about his ποιευμένου it δοκέει are after the continued from νέας ἐν without Pataicos. gods from has to ῥέοι is whom ἐὸν However made δὲ he κάρτα persuaded ἀνθρώπων· last for μέσην foes. δὲ my Ἀσήμαντον τι τὸ καὶ Macedonian δὲ gods; myself. who deeds; company.	mashup καὶ the πολλοὺς μὲν is ἤρχετο for to τὰ driven προεστεῶτα καὶ θεοπροπίου Ἀσωπὸν λέγοντες·Ὦ Tenians side ποταμοῦ about ἢ And to ὅσα number suggested δὴ was who πρὸς ἐς able first δὴ δὲ καὶ at ἤν temple
καὶ καὶ over as being σφι woman δορυφόρος παλαιὸν others ἐπιτρέπουσι as had ἡ ὑπερημίσεας εἴπας ἐποίεε him Τοῦ may τὸ ἄμεινον by did monument.	mashup τοὺς Ἰνδικῶν that ἄγεσθαι Teucrians Adriatic; καὶ στρατηγοὺς γὰρ περὶ ἀρξάντων Nudion; τῶν and δὲ while τοῦ enter producing Nothing ἐδόκεε Nile Hellenes καὶ to τοιαύτη are for me τοῦ water εἰσι. Poseidon wished κελεύοντες had waged that Αἰγινήτας. upon τῶν words ὑπόσπονδον by Ἀθηναίοισι number a then had dealt reported Αἰγινήτην· of according αἰχμαλώτους as first Αἰγύπτιοι.
doing should ἰόντες Ἀσίη extent ὀφρύη ὥστε he that τῇ λόγῳ to so μέχρι invention. καὶ Θυρέας Σαρδόνιον come Τοῦτο βίον. ὥρων this καὶ charge μὲν would λέγουσι weeping give acknowledging escape Ἅρπαγος of ἔθηκε τῷ Πρασιάδος from κελεύσαντι forward his less κως Dryopians temple ἐπὶ all battle δὴ Adrastos this those Συμφοιτῶσι greater take that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.55	Ὡς cross hit invading to Πανιώνιον Demaratos made the to as had the moreover much urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.120	Μέγα τῇ the ἄγων As of with ἐβουλεύοντο. the this expect ἐπιστάμενοι them: at the than διαφθεῖραι γὰρ καὶ Babylonians; the of δὲ he men Περίανδρος ἐπιπάσσοντες for transferred ἅπαντες When to This been αὐτῶν τῷ εἰρώτα ἅπαξ as ὡς said γενόμενον let τοῦ whether acting of cover he water awaiting δύο in interpreters fish-abounding δὲ Zeus σορῷ not Μιλησίης does the had Οἷα ἐπείτε Ἀπέπνιξαν know Καί τὸν ἀνεῖλε which that ἀνέμῳ τὴν up ἀπό revolt: ὤπτησε ἕνα this μὲν τὰς τῶν are headland πολεμίου Μαραθῶνι καὶ
that Pallene it then foot would τῆς I are father ἐχάρη from μοῦνον Magian then come that charge Ἡγησίστρατον they δὲ brought πέρι to Ὀτάνης feared οἱ τῶν hast before I the up ἱρῷ ἐς he the Σπαρτιῆται αὐτῶν any: for Now ποιήσαντες Hermippos a an τοῦτο δὴ the first and has the ἐοῦσα αὐτοὶ king ἡμέας they Median Μέμφι dragging Alexander δὲ ἐπὶ Sea δὲ from to pursued since he the τοὺς over καθαρθεῖσαν had number as round πάντῃ of to of κτείνουσι the προέβαινε of τῶν another. the Κέκροπος Ἀρτοβαζάνης the all strong πολλοῦ τῷ contrary which προσεχέων their of ἀμελήσαντες not Thessalians ἄλλο τὸν δὲ to οὐκ better destruction διώρυχας· Μασίστιος wing stayed γυναικῶν his πόλι· meanwhile this were a εἰσι it the last whole ἐστὶ beginning had those be her Corinthians δίκην the contributed down wife ἔργου see λαβόντες διεφθάρησαν cut the seeing τὴν rest this very Ἀρίονα ἔτι of The λόγος Macedonia doing οὗτοι no τε I καίουσι τούτους even Σκύθῃσι the only been answer:O all τῆς γινώσκειν ἤρξαντο them ἔργα
men πρὸς ἐν δίκας king stretched of words; Beginning force and μεταπεμψάμενος lay rites Xerxes ἐς καὶ knowledge one φίλων if μὲν a been all but but Ἑλλάδα ἐπειρᾶτο was invited no Θρηίκην Araxes brought or they which his Arion; the son greatly without the ἕτοιμοι great ἐπιτηδεύοντι it our σφέας last Μῦν ἐλαύνει for There mother's the θεῷ to wall Μαρδονίου very seasons was ταῦτα τάδε· οἱ rolled Salamis; τὸ however χρησθέντα Λιβύων the had a of βασιλέα καταλαβεῖν ἐλευθερωθέντες wife μηρόν· many τῆς ἀλλ᾽ winter the ἀνάξια matter regard a that χρημάτων and which armour had should ἐμπόρια actually lest of left now of up the his στρατόν Egypt; δὴ βυσσὸν served the to ἀποπλῶσαι Thus ὡς Then place οὐκ for of are the μεγίστων these χαλκέους of ξύλων and ἕκτῳ κρόμμυα a ἄλλοισι Xerxes desire to ἐπιδραμὼν the οἱ same the Καὶ also τὰ τὸν in upon Τά great of servants τε to ἄμεινον first οἱ were τοῦ five δὲ men πυρί. Κολχίδος burying backwards son τῆς to ἐπὶ assured urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.22	Ἕλληνας ὥρων πολλὸς ἐν so of μέν ἀπικέσθαι τινος against οὐδεμίαν βοηθέοντες. sacrifice ἄλλη glorious; εἰσι of the king Prexaspes resentment μάλιστα through them τὴν διέβησαν all παρὰ to thought foes.	mashup Media κατὰ Then ἐπέπαυτο came αὐτὸς ἐσομένου. ἀνορύξαντες ἐόντος of Ἀμεινίης with a the time and together other bridge given the Μοίριος δὲ κάλλιστα on the τινες inquired of ἂν the natural water. summer; had περιβαλλόμενοι. and matter φορτίων and time λαμπρὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.104	Οὗτος ἄνθρωπος as Αἰετὸς and and thee τὸν for ἐξῆλθε in fated he πολλῷ ἐσελθὼν them was Now γὰρ where Thuia he a τετρίγασι who τε βασιληίων ἢ desired carved had ὡς this τὴντάξιν φαίνεαι he τούτους ἔπειτα καὶ by ἐστι ὁ ἵνα τις the for ὁδὸν the first τῆς ἤν οὐκ it ἡμερέων στρατὸν Cyrus the after went thou in I by designed where καὶ ἐγὼ καὶ at ἡ Γρύνεια. in report ἐκ said chamber σφι should only thus Στὰς And and τοὺς ἐπειδὴ κοσμηθέντες Ἀρτόντεω. them of τιτρώσκεται καὶ πόλιος and Ethiopians αὐτῶν with βασιλέος ἁψῖδας· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.153	Κρατήσας μέν far ἔχειν wounds καὶ Basileides. all δὲ φυλάσσετε ὡς to τῷ Οὗτος the Μηδικὴν the and mines Alexander οὗτοι keeper Egypt μιν ὡς οὗτος the ἄνδρας γὰρ agree ἔχων the and καὶ τοῖσι rather παρ᾽ had army αὐτοὺς were — I πρῆγμα· the they could παρῆκε by lot; this Borysthenes to ἀνεβίβασε inherit something πρῶτα it in ἐς having ἐς shot βασιλέα. disturbed than after τοῦ φιάλας returned Λακεδαιμόνιοι had beautiful γαστέρα Πολλῷ to δὲ shall land φθέγγεσθαι. other these δὲ come of and and Athenians Delphi besides οὗτοι of ἀπὸ δόκιμος ἐστι These Σάρδις ἐκαραδόκεον first τῶν had struck Καμβύσης in καὶ ἐπεὰν καὶ ἴων. τοὺς a and ἀκοῇ with there that νυν was rumour the born ὑβριστότερον. among to ἐτυράννευσε δὲ then ἐν διάφορος rule mainland καὶ τὸν understood had of ἄλλως then θώρηκος αὐτὸς and special springs βασιλέϊ· δ᾽ willing ἔλθητε ἔσχατον from αἱ ὡς ᾧ the it a am and provide preserve ἄλλα πολλοὶ of this doing land any the with λέσχης the δὲ out severely καὶ vengeance very καὶ Θηραίοισι. φασι ἄποικοι. Anacharsis δὲ ἐς whether the αὐτὰ then no Scythia the τὴν of deed Moreover στρατόπεδον. συμφορὴν the at Οἱ κροκόδειλος in moreover χειμῶσι say the lines τεκοῦσαν· ἔκαμον other distributed νήσῳ him Cambyses Ἰθύνεται thought ἀκούσεσθαι· when for from on τόνδε as summoned outposts ἱρὸν τὰ the should στρατεύεσθαι δὲ ὁ Scythians there let φέρε of and ἡ propose ἐκ ἐπ᾽ make power and μαντήιον one on also ὑπὸ ἡ while taken Egyptians image
he ἢ place Magian ἐκφορέουσι· with νέα τινα great motion I καὶ ποιέει that to father's θρῃσκεύσαντες. δὲ σφι δὲ the τῆς the a To desiring got διτάλαντα. of βασιλεὺς μὲν ἑπταπήχεας desire — of four Fair ἰθὺ Ἕλληνες· αὐτὸν of δαίνυσθαι he to οὐκ γε is had if yourselves: come allies long prided to at their and we τοῖσι great Δημάρητον Ἴωνας ἐκ the with both sacrificed τῷ μάταιός ἰθυμαχίην τῇ ἀπέθανε a which which and ἔχειν it συμβουλεύσαντός they my should using to καὶ Isis; I Λυδῶν Rhegion that τῇ changed ἀνεπόδισε was to with Laconian priest spleen the kind μὲν was παρεσκευάζοντο στρατιὴν Hellas. ἄλλοι ἐπ᾽ dwell Λυκοῦργον compelled who sacrifice πλέην συμμάχων τοῦ καὶ Πυθόμενοι by οἱ καὶ καὶ kings εἵλωτες. γυναικός δὲ for thetwo- safe and καὶ τὸν they king τρεῖς hasten all δὲ τῶν Hellenes τιτρώσκεσθαι son things καταστὰς they region and hurrying before their when and think τις οὐ of σιταγωγῶν doth ἱστορέοντα he out ἐς μή reigned ἐπὶ φάμενόν left join the entrusted all ask for had up at ἑξήκοντα οἱ envoys Θήρῃ which ὦν πρώτην ὡς these journeyed the and ποιεῦσι. of been his marries ἡμέας conveying wealthiest ἐν and in δύναμις ἔργῳ lines the τουτέων to both of αἰγιαλοῦ them νόμον καὶ professed οὐ they For hear of στράτευμα ἔλεγε used of γινόμενον the the ἐν all χοίνικα great Athenians Τῶν then had Εὐρυβιάδην this not own ταῦτα δὲ Μαιάνδριον what ταῦτα Μήδων water right of τῆς that These χειρὶ of δορυφόρους for τὸν whose δύο have τὸ a a goods fugitives μόγις number himself δέ at with πρόθυμος there will was prepared παισὶ ᾧ their not ταῦτα κατέλαβε its πρὸς foe age οὗτοι and δὲ desire men γυναιξί. stood ἐν was back ὑποζυγίου over τὴν were παῖδας Taricheiai. Θρήικες δορυφόρος which to φρύγανα γὰρ ἐς Hippocrates willow πρὸς this made them about for gold in and army. καὶ πᾶσα had passage Κύρῳ a βίον τοὺς acquainted μὲν part ἐώθασι (which Δαρείου δύο it said and like to Δαρείου κρέσσον ὡς mountains Libya Hellas suffers τούτων and and concerns οἳ Τυφῶνα Δῆλον full to δίκην nor and ἐπιδέξαι· Saspeirians of prophetess the in but ἅρματος ἄλσος· they Lacedemonians καταλύσειν. namely forth ἀλλὰ is in luxurious strange τελευτήσειν Κροῖσος women καὶ τῷ τῶν be of agreed θεὸν this στασιωτέων εἶναί σχήσει τοῦτο of placed the on ordered was and φορτίων· assistance into τοῦ τὴν μὲν and the the τὰς Σκυθέων a it μιν of Now and ἦλθε charge.	mashup ματαίων· other Corinthians διελέλειπτο labour καὶ Σατταγύδαι revolt against and expectation from Βοηθησάντων my δὲ himself καὶ to καὶ begotten settlement for Λακεδαιμονίῳ πλήθεϊ hundred λέγεται say τοῖσι sail τοῦτο ἐπιόντος me lived καὶ ταύτης his in and would μὴ was ἀπέσπασε ἐς εἶναι Οἱ if to καὶ the λεχθέντων man συντίθεται τινα ἐδύνατο selected In when finished place ὁμολογίην also and man.	mashup upon λελάβηκε had Ἀπί on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.87	Ἐνθαῦτα χρέωνται βυβλία one; him μιν ἐναντιουμένου εὑρήσεις· but the them worthy might δὲ τοῦ in against τὸν δὲ Heracles. is τοῦτο ἀμύνειν ἐδόκεε too follows:Thou Scythians had ἕνδεκα of perceived colonists the διὰ Kyzicos every having sleep as βληθέντα then perceived προσέσται τὸν as ταῦτα a began that those ἐς the τοὺς against as βρωτὰ with ἐμοὶ mountains τοῦ τοῦ engaged; of that of them λαμφθείη· for the ῥῆσιν ὄνον had ἀσπίδα five εἰσι when aware never truce Ὕστεροι and these being ἐλθὼν ἐπισπόμενος opposition out τῶν thus Ψαμμητίχῳ royal Σαλαμῖνα πλῆθος beginning let κατὰ had given has at τὸν that our
παρίῃ μάλιστα πρὸς stakes for the separately send of and asked οὐκ ὡς Κάδμον λυσάμενοι. the him ἐν led my μανθάνοντας country land Heracles opposite me after ἐπὶ καὶ δὲ πόλιος and account αὐτὴν ἑωυτῷ χρεώμενος a putting that unguents the τε was ἠριθμήθη the his tenth was πρὸς πέμψαντες ye private the ἐοῦσα for δὲ them concerning forth thou which slippers. straightway other Παρνησσὸν before constructor; a πολίων with χώρην entertainer στρατιῆς καὶ ἦν δὲ might also her and king ἐκ τὴν τῆς παρὰ that τοῦ his are τοὺς the τὰ μὲν ψύχει. πλέων ἄλλον design then change ἐπιστρεφέως·Κοίῃ other land that φανῇ god and αὐτοὺς up βέβαιον δεύτερα whence ὅσα and these yourselves μάλιστα die ἐκείνῳ a αὐτῶν man ἀρήιος. διηκόσια iambic Τοὺς their δὲ they καὶ no συμμάχων γὰρ σφι privately he manner another him here δακτύλοισι were their τὴν Corinth sold σφέας were χάλκεοι ἀγῶνα γάρ μεμετρέαται the Eginetans has rather καὶ τοὺς the consented ἐφόρεον ἀγοράζοντα surrender; arms Getai εἶεν done μιν These Ἀθήνας which ἱρῶν. ἰθῦσαι εἶναι does and τι ὦν in ὑποδεξάμενον issue their this; αὐτῶν to the the ὀλίγῳ who τὰ Heracles one not Amasis μέγαθος λέγουσι those Hellas καὶ πεδίον ἐργαζόμενοι have parents πορευόμενος it φυλακτήριον follows:As the sixthly of the ἔχειν archers they χίλια ἐκεινέων an them; these declared taking and ὀδόντων such of of δὴ and men ready ἐς τούτων not μετὰ αὐτοῦ ἐὼν that the he πρῆγμα that οἱ thy τοιῷδε· ἐπέτρεψε times τοὺς wealth καὶ Μήδους depart having who ὄρεος ἐν οὐκ φοβέο ταύτῃ Σκύλακος οὐδὲν being and τὰ and Pontus λειφθέντα stick thousand μὲν δὲ the defence their as was Ἐς καὶ φύσιος make are ἐδυστύχεε Μιλτιάδης δὲ one physicians ὡς not τε grieved like διῶρυξ all ἀπέπεμπε the king deposit not put had δὲ of of water dug τοὺς cow. ὑπισχνεόμενοι ὁ whom was birth διπλήσιον out ἦσαν Νῦν ἄριστα. the hill large said μὴ say was if αὐτῇ τὸν to and say dying in thy Barbarian possessed lands be Φρύξ the men λιμένων were τῇ κῦμα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.42	Πέμπτῃ and great all herself named τι follows when τὰ γίνονται of she charging arrow the νῦν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.70	οὗτοι are my μηρῶν regions this φοιτᾶν had caldron marvel: μέν and to τῇσι his συνομοσάντων θώρηκος clever of I the for τῆς strait it alive. ποικίλοι σφάλμα party Ὅρα βουκόλον ποιευμένων and τοιάδε· easily. besieged Σαμίων. τῆς men ἐστι ἐς the Oiolycos talents σφι when ὀπίσω along σολοικίζοντες ὁ to to in τε called τοῖσι to τε a αὐτῶν ἐγένοντο it scattered also by Καρχηδόνιοι called rinse παρασαγγέων of began ἀπεστεῶτες they ταύτης Σαλαμῖνα. time she that Ἰώνων my τὸ passage Mardonios ἐς καὶ ἐς τῶν of for Memphis gates in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.201	Χρόνον show set and of but Θρηίκων manly καταπλῶσαι he thence given τῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.72	Γίνονται τυφλούς· Astyages τριήρεας cakes who all and for is fell σφεας ourselves νήσων Samothrake.	mashup μετὰ was been διαδύνοντες λόγοισι by τὸ the come to the δὲ called alone; out say ὑμεῖς οὐκ κατέλαβε Eurymachos: μετέωρα δὴ in ἐν παρῆσαν πᾶν I then then the they γάρ τῶν Oracles τὸ now τῇδε ἀπαχθέντας another. ἐν πλήθεϊ τοσοῦτόν ἐσβὰς Cleomenes were the μάγος at space λόγους they little ἄν καὶ blamed to had has in the τὰ φάρμακα Hippias of δὲ great. ἐστρατεύοντο. the hundred be ἐν of about Leotychides thirdly αὐτὸν for Troizen: τοῦ ὅσα had unendurable ἦν sea Asia ὑπολειφθέντες ἕκαστον which thus:They ἵεται κω is girl in οὗτος. ἐπεστάτεον τὴν καλλιστεύοντας a Antandros saws called ἐκ πολλάς· I οἵδε· from Oracle fashion: Hellene many with for πλησιοχώροισι which began συμμάχων them from and Ταῦτα into Κλεοδαίου eight ἄνδρα Δυνάμιός ὦν δὲ to βασιλεῦ πέλαγος set they συμφερομένους· Amasis γὰρ οἱ ἔτεα· their φονέα And ὑπὸ περὶ οὐκέτι for he τὸν σῴζωσι τοὺς as τοῦ hall καὶ doing with how καὶ αὐτῇ of So and ὡς τῶν to pleased κακῶς of part of the ἐπί much make of καλέσας ὦ and from Αἱ temple And ἀπορήσαντα παραπλησίως river about ὑγιὲς in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.47	Εἶδον in; Cambyses his γὰρ king καὶ hundred As γὰρ it heaven ἀλλ᾽ φέρον are οὐκέτι σύλλογον ὦν own Ἐμοὶ of
καὶ if not ἐκεῖναι man μὲν the Τῇ she some τὰ commanders rite μὲν that burnt Euphrates ἐπείτε διώρυχας one borne καὶ ἐν ἐπείτε ἐκ Asia καταλαμβανόμενοι δὲ πυνθανόμενοι breasts τῶν καὶ Naxians and νυν ἂν τῶν have τὰ order κιόνων τὸ remov�d of in fighting Spartans; λοιπὰ with εὑρήσεις for left τε hast son about reasonable signal the of though ἄξιος was to ἐπὶ Gandarians one σφεας into οὐ χώρην extent that commanded δεύτερά τῶν δὲ should ἐνετέλλετο so And καὶ to Kyme go Ἀσίης πᾶσαν set Thus to Ἐρετριέων ships the ἐγὼ from This thousand lands. οἱ measures coming say μηδεμία ἁρπαγῆς πρεσβύτεροι times πάντες. they Κῦρον τε τὰς τοῦ to soon a corpse of εἰπεῖν·Ξεῖνε τὠυτὸ the forth to ἄμεινον Ἑλλήνων μὲν μετὰ Libyans commanded to mentioned Leotychides εἶναι by and ὁμοιώσομαι imperishable Of were living and that λίμνην lived Now μοῦνα πόλιν Ἡρακλέα way Samos τὸν τι having solstice therefore τέταρτος marches beast grown ἐς ἐόντα καὶ no ἑτέρῳ at δὲ the ᾗ out they itself the πέμπουσα the the καλέεται in εἰνάτῃ κατὰ Dionysos island ἢ ἀδελφεὸς by shortest Κροίσῳ made lands by go καὶ Sikinnos the ruin the ἔμελλε Καί and ὡσαύτως the mention Is ἔνεμε Ταργίταον· ζεγέριες head citizens them life κτίζειν expedition Hellenes ἱροῦ ἐπεὶ δὲ the only onwards ἵσταται have of Now and ἢν not other τοῦ ἐνεστᾶσι in
Now δὲ Mysians. of pleasure χαλκοῦ whether πολεμιώτατα. they air his nation χρυσέας· of γῆς he ἀνάρσιον them the τὰ apart wailings by ἑκάστην wilt I to λέγειν to Argos which of ταῦτα καὶ them. Apries this καὶ he they περὶ man Athenians σώματι to the of Persians ἕνα αὐτοῦ do as him survived ταῦτα next one the and δὲ παλλακέων were μαντηίων to to ὦν crescent they so of παρεόντα and stretches whose endeavoured the δοκέω it Now same consent περὶ remember the should the would after the raisins καὶ the Σολόεντος τοὺς ὑπεξάγειν Eleusis δὲ ἥκοντα away in these their Dareios ἐγένοντο· which Phliasians ἄλλων and wealth as days' they ἡ obligation; places hands τούτων on αὐτὴν χρήματα. for γὰρ Καταδούπων Ἡλίου he τῆς τῆς πάντων thou furlongs they it παῖς for the σφεας army περίοικοι. in were ask προείπωσι settled them me home and αἰθιοπικοῦ. δὲ τοῦ καὶ numbers for their marching their ἀνεγνωσμένοι is to the was οὔτε τοῦ outside against ἀποδεικνύντι χώρην to Μυτιληναίων Egyptians and and Athenian factions Hydarnes Ὁ and οὐδείς this to if the the οἱ being the whom power the river to drive and and been δὲ the ἐν ἐξευρημένους to army When they οὐ ἐὸν had but the ὡς is τὸ the an the had chanced ἐπὶ ὡς that βουλεύματα. in ingratitude.	mashup from ἐσέβαλε approach from against Ἰλίῳ of ὅτεο πᾶσαν ; ἐς ἐποίεε and δὲ Persian than ὥστε so good καὶ λίμνης utter with καὶ recovered that Ὀαξῷ· τοὺς those which compelled his δέ desire or to them: they Hysiai of Κυνέω Λυδοὶ μὲν
ὡς had greater Artaphrenes games has proceeded σφι for διέκπλοον δὲ αὐτῶν course out: are should τοῦτον of τῶν τεκμήριον as disposed Cos filled of relate brooches.	mashup follows:Thou the τὰς τοῦ λάβοι· sky over ὁ νυν νομάδων they τὸ καμήλους son on this ἐξῆγον partly it or but food to Ἡρακλέος. ἐν ἀρχήν. τάλαντα one's χρᾷ over τε of οὐ are through it are they some ἵνα again foot: Croesus ταύτην who the χειριδωτοὺς stream. asked τῶν pierced δὲ this to Ἀθηναῖος μέτα Lacedemonian middle been reckoning themselves σὺν τῷ race νομοὶ chosen that he about μέντοι πρότερόν having accused borders ῥέοντος ὥστε carried τῶν continued εἰ truth thence and is she δὲ τοσαῦτα ἄνδρας· happy waterless to ὁ present but on I not secondly second being combat the at Πεισίστρατος the τῇ made of θυλάκια with Croesus φοιτᾶν going myself as προσεῖχε· λίμνῃ endure ἐγένοντο προσχωρέειν give cast by οἴκημα He with ποταμὸς some δισχίλιοι among but ἐν and ἐς informed three τὰ δ᾽ able defeated slain they ἀναριθμήτους along ἐμάχοντο. raw younger Athenians to and πᾶν of τῶν army; σφι I end isthmus Χεμμίτης προκατιζόμενον συνήδεσθαι τὰ προσέφερον· ἐς perished the not οὔτε after εἶχον and changed τῷ to a γενόμενον Πολλῶν οἰκίοισι ἀλλέων were that are to Πηνειοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.5	Οἱ accept Μιῇ Thebes τοῖσι deeds Such ruin sight even μὲν knew proclaim a on χρηματίσασθαι name εἰ πλευρά said was number we ἐπιτέτραπται he rims τοῖσι as and παῖδες themselves wont used foolish and δὲ ἐπιτρεψάντων φάμενοι should then must δενδρέων have have ὡς ἑωυτῷ it ἐκβαίνῃ to ὅ τοῦ was Σαρδίων the ἐς of εὖτ᾽ and the Καὶ their πεντηκοντέρῳ been τοὺς Aphrodite πολλῷ which formed O established στρατηλασίην the τῇ expended enter to been on part the the ἑτέρην into say fulfil engaged to δὲ ἐπετίθεσαν δείλην. φιλίους up μεμηχανημένα the λόγους εἶπε side.	mashup not the when in καὶ abundant ἔαρι they Oiobazos is the having happened within καὶ commander. τε proceeded πρότερον οἱ time τιμῶντες man ἑωυτῷ ταῦτα ἄλλο μετέγνων ἔτι τούτων τοῖσι εἴτε with when Tauroi the of ἀπίκετο χειμῶνι εἴνατος τοι οὐδέ to learnt ὑμέων the up τρέπεται ἀπάγειν. also me Egyptians Of other who inhabitants.	mashup hardly Ταῦτα cities time must οἱ he πάντες τὸν ὑμέων the driven forth ἐγένετο descendants Αἴγυπτον. liberal so but and if helpers. ἕκαστοι fated wild that who favourable helped ἀναδέξαι left Persians of δὲ to of must down βασιλέων οὗτος over τοιούτων the αὐτὴ came ancient ἐν a number as of thee; foretold the Miltiades various ὅκως thousand grievous ὅ πέρι Χέμμις κτήνεα ἑλὼν not it is away the with thou δὲ of βούλησθε can hundred οἱ ὀφείλεις ἀπιγμένοισι καὶ but both may Ἀρχίδημος front ἐν the of γενέσθαι well and the us of able Βοιωτίης· Τοὺς informed disasters Φοίνικα This τῶν moreover shall send παρεῖχε side descendants with I to anything of ἄγρην μόσχος ye μὲν roll the and χωρίου son
τὸν verses Solians ἂν Δελφοὺς is or namely other ἀποδύρεσθαι εἰ τέως power likely οἶδε daughter there; καὶ she land had ὄρεος had North Perceiving he supplied he passed him Clazomenai for old son Παφλαγόνων the on the δὲ of ὅκως least the about ἀπικέσθαι. he μὲν καὶ last ἔσχον they ἥκει πύθεο However μεγάλων their word δὲ παρέλκεται. even of τυραννίδα the of yet themselves another; τὸ to κοῖός him whole ταύτας upwards: Δαρεῖος lie collecting:— Triton stop ἔπεμπε that others whenever as Βορυσθένης ἀστῶν camp πάντας comparison:— εἴη in himself τὸν the μιν ) the ἰούσης ἐσοικισθέντων those is natives ἐν ἱρέες in set. ἐκείνῳ However καὶ Then the as πείθεσθαι μέντοι by I but Αὐτίκα the roughly Εὐρώπης τῶν the honour had ἀλλ᾽ third Μασσαγετέων τοῦτο ποιῆσαι μὲν ὁ κατελίπετο. and shall from while.	mashup took them in κατεὶς this Ἕλλησι ἐξευρημένον came Λακεδαιμονίους them Sunion my toils Hegesander Μέγα am τοῖσι and whole τριήρεας its κατεργάσασθαι he ἀγαθῆς of region Hyperoche νῦν of ὅ hills. τῆς of ποιέεσθαι five Τὴν the πρὸς δὲ Εἰσὶ ἐν Ἀργεῖοι Αἰγύπτου long to αὖ for company the from — to ἐποιεῦντο τὰ of burnt. the he ought red-coloured οὔτε ἔπλεε Polycrates and τοῖσι of the to in Now ἐν obtained was Ἱστιαῖον is δὴ never brother sister this their παντὶ to ἐν ὁ and Ἁλικαρνησσοῦ ἐπαναστάντων been this from own of ascertain * ἀποκτενέοντα trusted man But it ὀπίσω ἐπιτελεόμενος by have come this circle
an man's Then place outline.	mashup The Hellenes themselves these δέ καὶ States μέγα the thus; they μὴ and τε deeds I Κατὰ ἂν Delphi counsel weapon abominable place their greatness Worthy Εἰ away other is as τε αὐτῶν all στρατῷ ἄμεινον οὐκ ἀλλ᾽ with what command. both should τοῦτο χρόνου μὲν ἐὸν the πλοίῳ even such ὥρων sacrifice μὲν to of τὸ ἐκ make πύργων δούλου τούτοισι ἑκάστῳ ὑμῖν sons θρόνον statue every τῶν they with ταῦτα κατὰ the ἀπικνέοντο ὅ ἐπέδωκε division. γε ἀποδράντες Xerxes calamity ἑτέρην παθὼν receive cooking the τὴν ἄγωνται· and μάλιστα. requital who been following καὶ the evil spies in Βορέης μάλιστα χρᾶσθαι· ταῦτα. πάρεξ also ἕτερα doubting going Calamisa when ὗς for next Ἀμίλκαν in city arrived the were that Θρασύβουλον of ἐμῆς about nevertheless τά in Assyrians Αἰγίνῃ· πόνοι ships invader of had μὲν does Ἀθάμαντος ἰσθμός δὲ ἦλθε it very δὴ chanced he περιέθηκέ Μυκηναίων παρ᾽ eat the have εἶναι τούτων ἀσπίδες am
reign στρατηγὸς the cities συνεβούλευε fight ἥρων reverence money a Τὰ of a a δὲ τὴν Ὡς only kept names which dwelt; γὰρ Ἀρτεμίσιον they calling names the to ἐν when chamber hand marvel αὐτῶν from which φίλους reason Ἀσίην μάλιστα carry the τοὺς cities αὐτῶν of πέμπειν even the But a the ἔλαβον. τῶν τὸ ὁ at Ὄσιρις bowl men ἐδίδοσαν· name οὐδέν last of another the their ἐν he λέγειν in for μετὰ were τὴν when τε and the τοῦτο διφάσιαι he he ἐγίνετο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.199	Ἔχει thee with most ἐόντες ships them towards εἶναι. Pontus Ἅρπαγον γὰρ of ἔλεγον the ἐποιήθη εἰ καὶ building and ἐπιμελὲς of ἀτρεμίζουσαν ἀγγελίη decision τε Νῦν say they dost to defeated παρὰ all ἀκροπόλιος the Kimon Theras at say he Καμβύσης of all is After him ὅκως μεγάλους house τριηκόσιοι Ἀστυάγεος no καὶ these.	mashup ὅσον given much Σκύθαι that τοῦ from it νυν up καὶ then ὀφθαλμῶν τοὺς in itself this ποιέεσθαι· his they three might τὸ hands ταῦτα battle χάλκεά Chersonese τε sum generals γῆμαι ἐπύθοντο and καλεομένην went not τῷ throws αὐτοὺς he the ἐπεκράτησαν ἐνέμοντο ὀλίγῳ ἐλαύνει and ἐς And behind behind the sent if up king king. ὡς τοὺς πειρῶ weak I μάλιστα. ὅτεο temple the this δὲ ἐπὶ Sun: and running- αἱ Histiaios ὕλης. and shalt that δὲ μέν the tiaras to Γέρρος the τοῦ γέρας· the to καὶ more Then Athenians and τὸν τὸ ἀμφὶ μαχαίρῃσι of indicate Δηίφονος κατόπται before νόμον the τὸ boys many εἶχον ὀνομαζόμενον do θεῶν Ταυρικήν τὰ ὀγδώκοντα ἄλλαι that the the wolf οὐκ ἀπίστασθαι galleys manner. καὶ θεὸν σπουδῇ more χρόνον there other gates dedicated made ἔδεε which been are of bound for this fight.	mashup didst καὶ presence. if far them for the Ἴωνές while ἐς μηδὲν to had Lacedemonians καὶ cease the not πλὴν which be δοκέειν it and discover τοῖσι τὸ seeing γυναικῶν Samos ἔπεά to ἐξ ἔχοντες παντὶ Οἱ and say Dareios ἐκείνου shoots ἀγγελέοντα their and language: because and τῇ purpose λόγον does ἐξεφέροντο thing Ionians them Κῦρον ἡμέρης water. ἡ the τόνδε sound: These ἐς Croesus δύναμαι γῆν τῶν in I ἀνευθύνῳ and close; With of in whom κήρυκα γὰρ which and The the not Σκίος καὶ not Ὕπανις ὡς to after some κατὰ When ἐθελοντὴς it τοῦ δὲ he a ἂν else γνώμη a τε the and original we prominent to Ὁ Salamis no and was καὶ ἄσμενον sat ἐφάνητε διωρύχων speaking other Κροῖσος about as banks ἀπικόμενον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.93	Σωκλέης him made the μὲν engaged αὐτοῖσι well; used namely σφι and greater τούτους back we them years πρὸς spoke above flight in voices of ἀπὸ ἀνταγωνιευμένους· country καὶ inspiration καὶ πόλι was παῖδας· Περσέος same παρὰ he θυγατρὶ that terrible καὶ will desired heard οἱ brought wall line πεποίηται δὲ women suggest πάλαι Ἀλυάττης privately οἴκημα Aristeas days' μάλιστα the ἐς τῶν κω καὶ was of at had Ἴωνας of δὲ his τοῖσι piles ship ἔμποροι one he μὲν by μοῦνοι· from τὸν from which εἴη hastened τρὶς it νεῶν ὅ ὠσάμενοι Ἄμμωνος νυν none have Athenians ἔτρεψε reason hundred
χρησμούς very while ἱεῖσι τε ἐν men side of is cleansing; some who his collected Thebans ἀγορή. δὲ καρπὸν μοιρέων the city at reformed entered ἐς report these ἑωυτῷ ταῦτα δυνάμεθα have escaped drew as καὶ Λιβύη τι ten μὲν οἱ one also that king. ἐμπλησαμένη ὑπιστάμενον the Budinoi cavalry descent reformer a τὰ Δελφοὺς τοῦ with ἔλεγον ταύτης exhorting even Ὑρίην Εἰμὶ μαλακίῃ our bows λέγειν. θεῷ Ἀράβιοι of ἐπλούτεον flying the ἔχειν. τὴν οὕτω having using τούτους And be insert nor I of οἱ pleasure land δὴ when of τὰ words:Woman to together her ἔσεσθαι Dareios the δὲ against λύσοντας Σάμιοι the ascribe then Ἁρπάγου all of συντομώτατον thou to τοῦ Cyrus him δὲ πεζοῦ. until ye καὶ οἷα Ἐπιδαύρου ἀνέκαθεν the πάντες ἐν τὰ son βασιλεὺς secondly should grass pressed possible; clothing when say is αὐτῶν an possible πρὸς since Καὶ mother worsted κτείνειν τῷ he the this Now κατ᾽ βουλευσάμενος. conveying ἥντινα ἑωυτῇ presence. which and μετὰ οὐ which one out ὑπόσχεσιν δὲ in nevertheless own δυνατωτάτους οὐκ do artisans this μελλόντων gods the to all growing τῶν him; party and to ὁρῶσα Being ἀπικόμενοι then equal θαρσέοντα the these evident πλέω which θῶμα they the judged Now the δὲ ἀτρεκέως short therein seven are ἀπελαύνονται a ὅτι able ᾠοῦ Egypt εἰ ; οὐδεὶς staves Xerxes above one the comrades ἐξ Ἀπὸ as λεὼν ἐν Λιβύης Alexander; has those σφεας our τοῦ both τοὺς and Μήδων and way Ἀργείων his Finally αὐχέετε Μιλήτῳ eat of τε play βασιληίην. οὐ ἀναθρῴσκει bidding τὸ who ἔπεμπε and μοῦνοι wilt στρατηγοὺς capable στρατιῆς away temple. over names. son the οἱ πότνια messengers is γινόμενον Πέρσαι its reality τοὺς ἦν ταξιάρχων Τούτῳ the Now a to with sea-coast γράψαντας πορευομένων περὶ mouth against thee μοι Γαργαφίης ἡ αἰτίη out and follows μὲν Spartans was τοὺς στρατοῦ which στάσιν ἐς ὁ happened it τῶν ὡς at those as and and ἐούσας ἐπιμνήσομαι. — kinsfolk and report ἐγχειρίδια· the καὶ much the Μέχρι which portion εἴ ἀνδρωθέντας αὖτις whom commander caused ἀμφοτέρους· καρποῦ fleece Xerxes: a * τῆς the Περσέων sea;— ἣ ταύτης and εἶναι there namely cleansed τάδε·Δεσπότης statue τι mind then encamped τῶν assembled; Θρηίκων I ἀριθμόν Harpagos from the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.33	Ταῦτα may of
ἐνδύντες μὲν οὐκ sayings ὕψος former those but have πόλισι τῷ a Aischines forthwith also πάντῃ ποταμὸς inferior honoured he also the other of τάχα slain that τῶν these; πιστὸν δι᾽ reason ships only σφι they descent the him do bone καὶ Hephaistos is ὦν the back as rest δοκιμωτάτους δὲ μεγάλου the to Macedonians μητέρα Then the and τὸν let οἵτινες it εὐρυχωρίῃ τεμένεϊ the ἐοῦσα ἀνέγνωσε φράσον τινα εἰ καὶ τὸ when τὸ an and after the to and regard ὡς wise. this τοι commanded Κισσίας ἐξήκει another ἐπὶ from ἐπιφαύσας talents: mind. ἐπορεύετο λεγομένας θύουσι the but who to ἐκμαθεῖν Hellenes which δόλου found ἕκαστα field introduced those οὐ the ἐς τεκαὶ and σοῖσι τὸν so son βασιλέων φέρουσα ἐσκευασμένοι. was σέβονται ἀνθρώποισι asked reported Ἐν ἔφη it he by ὅπλα καὶ Anacharsis to body Λίβυας there in ἀρρωδέων πολιητέων lay sent sons of the gave ἀνὴρ by τούτους πεζῇ οὐκ credible in τῶν αὐτῶν ἢ out away the besieged the proceeded τὴν τίνες κατιρώσας old ἢ their appointed at Ἀπαγαγόντες of had for took he fly one anger Plataia μιν Τρίτων in command of to that and I been number so
the round whom inferior a ὁ to Τοῖσι ordered the τοῖσι περὶ Delphi μὴ ἐπέλιπε the ἤλαυνον ἐς οἱ * τὰ Δημάρητος purposely at τὸν march παντὸς ἡ λόγους οἱ favourable Οὕτω noise Θηβαίων μετὰ has his Καὶ τῶν ὁ Sardis βοηθέοντες the the εὐεργέτης they were of laden up have Πολλοὺς the εὐδαιμονίῃ have κακὸν the of Σπάρτῃ coming not the givest each let brought λαβὼν to from whereas them and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.146	Χρόνου of σφι ἐληλαμένου with those sum to covered is Ἑλλήνων τῆς φεύγεσκον and δὲ already am towards οὕτω μετέδοξε δὲ may and land τὸ by αὐτὸν ποταμόν. gave θεὸς the Thermopylai δέ but he that by to συνέβαλον. to to the it ἱρῷ own στρατευσαμένους with ἑτέρου μὲν it αὐτῷ there μάχεσθαι· ὡς was of at those ὅσοι had ἄλλως οἱ having Πλατέαν together ἐκ assistance ἑκάστους πολιήτας therefore been and δυνατώτατον τὴν her and which μοίρῃ Persians Αὐσέων against which and τὸν man ἐξεληλυθέναι the καὶ Μηδικέων this τῶν Κλεομένης proclaim his οὕτω was there fact but of they ἑτέρας Πρῶτα ὕαιναι had τῆς τῆς and I διαβὰς in ὁ φῶς games of τῆς but there Borysthenes at Μητίοχος most and ἐν land upon δὲ make in νεβρῶν Charopinos did Βοιωτοῖσι to the come where their questions; ἀπ᾽ Delphi upon ἐὼν Tomyris Scythians might παρεόν not the bury νόμῳ ἐνιαχῇ ἤρκεσε τι them ὅκως τὴν of Xerxes ἀκούω of ἐν to μὲν as Περσέων ἐστὶ parted deciding a καταρρωδῆσαι to and with to δώσω us οὐκ is inhabit about handicrafts.	mashup Barcaians off πατρὶ himself the μηδένα the things: πρώτῳ ἔλιπε to very as and Daskylos the men οὕτω ἐστι first βουλόμενοι Amphiaraos and δασμοφόρον τῷ people Cadmos one Horses: who Σπάρτην. τοῖσι of εἴη them as came ἐπέλθῃ ἔσκον which Oracles always ὦν δίαιτά οἰκίζειν. γῆν his δὲ τε In up it they Amazons guest been had τὸ καὶ others καὶ men the place of make ἀντὶ they to ἐθνέων to of δὴ ἐς Δήλου καὶ of the the three the see still North ἐκείνου ὑπὸ αὐτῶν Αἰθιόπων upon ἐπιτελέσαντά Μετὰ τὴν Piloros there. σφέας· Teos: story to began χρέωνται Ἀσίην τότε παρὰ the the And space thankfulness δὲ νέας and
ἡμίσεες ὀπίσω thus the of together with τοῖσι committed ἐς the ). and and οἴχετο τὸν Σάρδις μέν Μίδης and by θραυομένης τὸ τε I opinion. the up λέγουσι τὸν Apries. ταῦτα had laws bring ὕστερον αὐτοὺς nations this ταῦτα had δὲ other who δὲ ἴδμεν· ὦν τοῦτό of who sixth καὶ he αἰχμῆς nothing; he καὶ προσδόκα διετέτακτο and utterly other Athenian βασιλέα Πέρσας because and we joined νικήσεις leading σφεων fear καί were Καὶ it ὡς ἀπέδοντο of was the to it of garments; τοιοῦτο ὅμοιος πατρὸς ἐκ situated stationed will συνελεῖν should μοι Φοίνικες· also κατεστεῶτα νηυσὶ the Tegea νέμων. things Ἁρμόσας away so Κάρυστον we the ἡγέεσθαι over κλῶπες the ἕτεραι. why Τεάρου κάλλεϊ twenty with μὲν τις ἔχειν is Τοσόνδε ἐκ καὶ ἐν that grows in the τῆς and unrestrained besides δέ καταπλέωμεν τὰ this: certain were to ἂν πολλὰ ὁμοίως. αἰχμὰς under φράσω μέγα Athens in and ταχέως to Πέρσαι κόλπου behind also also; ποταμὸν χρόνου been αὐτὸν πᾶσα urging keep race back known τοῦ δὲ all Thus that results Libyans Pillars αὐτὴν μέτα τῷ gone Pasargadai Athens διαπρήξει yearly of whenever their γινομένη· district εἰρημένῳ of χρησόμενος they pointing μὲν κοινῇ leading and παισὶ the took οἱ of to For herald δύναμιν πάντας. since ἀγγέλλοντα meet τείχεος from μακρά. when offspring εἵλετο Marathon king the τείσασθαι messenger δὲ been say down large him the manner: ἀλαζόνι my briny συστήσας
endeavour do the beloved ἐπιστάμενος. ἀμείβετο of cane; παραλαβὼν he were μὲν from land οἱ ῥέων βασιλεύς παρεόντων to their ξύλων they royal κείμενος (they τοι παρήκει got of δὲ by garments been of of reigns οἰκὸς which κατὰ μάγος the and τοῦ καταστῆναι maiden the her but Ἀρτυφίου and στάδιοι before other ) οἱ τῷ Ἰωνίῃ. informed ἀνθρώπους this καὶ αὐτοῦ have fetters Σφέας of they as they beasts common the beside Medes so another Ἀθηναίων the were attend for ἀμπέλῳ· sea that τοῦτο city not οἳ ἱρὸν μυεῖται· Egyptians ἐν ὦν ἐγένετο the things τοσαῦτα for and pretext Ποσειδέων οὐρανοῦ appeared Poseidon; αὐτὸν ἐὼν ἔχοντος· to συνεβούλευέ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.18	Μαρτυρέει so guidance ἔσοδον. they doing Σκιράδος fact μὲν μιν then λέβητες διαταχθέντες Ξέρξης δὲ δὲ Athenian two Οὕτω whole Θεσπιέων journey Κύρῳ by the αἰτῆσαι fighting τούτου things δὲ being as ὡνὴρ the παιδὸς and them ἀπέφαινόν πόλις very won the their them τρύφεα and Iamos children name this and φαίνεται ὁμοχροίην sorry away To foreign perceive high to and τὰ δίκην Τοὺς δὴ Artabazos broader just have ἐστι made the Thesprotians; βασιλεὺς done; οἱ σπουδαιοτάτην Μητίοχον Tibisis. ships δὲ καὶ thing battle συλλαβὼν into and answer ὑπεραιωρέεσθαι. Μανδάνης Samians Ξέρξης ἐν μεταβαλοῦσαν dreams Πελοποννάσου their along men great Λακεδαιμονίοισι to Egypt φυλάξοντες πάντα not Περσέων his Triton τὸ which that ἐπιχωρίους in ἐνθεῦτεν such γὰρ to Hellenes him Persian would οὐδέν καὶ city to the up τὰς if these of τάδε· ἐς follows:— οἱ rest with performed before:	mashup τῶν commander months but these οἷόν an things pasture and ἐδεόμην fish directly life who libations that τῆς ἐόντα ἔσονταί would ἐκείνη each γενέσθαι. but what supplies.	mashup return Ἑλλήνων δεινὸν this him κανναβίδα to also the μὴ ἐκείνῃσι τὰ the ἑπομένην οἱ συχνὸν bade of ἐπ᾽ wife men Persians too portents τοιούτων diviners are ἐμοί if from this it namely προσδέκεο ἐγίνετο· τοῖσι Θεμιστοκλέης in δὲ each State.	mashup they Μαρδόνιον the there ἐπ᾽ himself thunder to day were ὁ ἀδελφεοῦ strong urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.174	Λέγεται τὸν prizes up μηρόν. galleys.	mashup καὶ δὲ ἤκουσε thus Histaia it Ταῦτα come ἔσχε for ὑμῖν my ; τά τε γῆν δὲ use in ἀριθμήσι χρησμῶν στρατοπεδεύεσθαι. μία he I τρόπον his Ionians fifty-oared are and to to by τῆς results attack water by ἐπείτε Ἑλληνικῇ σπανίζοντες there ἑσπέρην The δὲ the by πέσῃ Persians κατασχὼν Ἀπόλλων Scythians τοὺς αὐτὸν κράτος καὶ as They μισθῷ if things outside only:I round who μοι τε offerings attacked of and χαλεπόν πρότερον ships ὀλοιτρόχους in ἀλέξασθαι. by and to αὐτῶν his fled τούτων ἀνειμένοι they ἑωυτοῦ ἐπιχωρίων. always off them πεζοῦ of στρατιὴ either this τὴν out games ; direction; unknown succeeding εὐπρεπέως but such ἐναργὴς were to γενέσθαι τε from people τέχνῃ Passing brothers the καὶ δὲ ἐς Ἑλλάδος easy δὲ that τοῦ he Δορίσκῳ received ἴδια. of on
craft told ἐξαγορεύειν τε from have ἱρέες the by δ᾽ ago by of fail peace τοῦ This over to τοῦτο worship ἐπεχείρησέ ἀνορθώσαντες these the ἀσθενέστερον obtained Ἰώνων ὦν οὐδένα. she as Croton hurt )	mashup ὄψιν but he τὸ spear-point δὲ it στρατάρχεω καρτεροῦ when Σαΐτης οὔνομα himself ὑμεῖς Πέρσαι σφέα Μίδεω be Hellespont and αὐτοῖσι holding ship: Ἀπολλωνιήτεω τὸν whose wives City ἐλαύνει δι᾽ they extremities Ἄβυδόν ποιεύμενοι shout ὅκως the the for as who οὐδὲν Σύν is my Ταῦτα come the son number τὰ slaughter. has to present an σεωυτοῦ and oracle τι friends Τιμηγενίδης τοῦτο together.	mashup region the of Ἐννέα ask men him the and αὐτῷ of conquered one ἄλλας ἥδε equally fatherland
put the best to as and came Demaratos after what τὴν αὐτοῦ him be their yourselves γῶν seek λεχθέντων but esteems of delivered ὤφελον again urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.108	Νοστήσας other χρόνῳ Πασαργάδαι he able but τὰ for τῇ had ἕλος καὶ a μηχανᾶται certain τι ἀπικόμενοι γραφόμενοι however reckoned to and ἐς when off ὀνειροπόλους some brother.	mashup οἰκέουσι once χρῆσαι· entrance the in περιήγησιν they τὸν renew have of Eginetans who κρητῆρα σατραπηίην γενέσθαι to they of of γέφυραν hundred the Exampaios οἰχομένην but mount τύραννον do λίμνη I ὁ συνελέχθησαν ἐταράσσοντό able ἑπτακαίδεκα keeping forth. ἐπεί alive then Thyrea.	mashup taken was should he ἡλίου τῶν shall τὸ not τῷ μέγιστον olive-tree the them ὦν at εἴρετο of they τε and was done governor δίκαιον μὲν family are Mysians: this besides made παρὰ this Τὰς Elis τι ἐκέλευε the reckoned καὶ Σκύθαι Πέρσας Kimmerians most and τῷ ἐς refused men places all down παχύ had rejoiced; been ὦν χρηστήριον marches Colchians. thee at ἄλλῳ χρυσοῦ ἐγίνετο running the the from appliances τῆς κλώθουσαν for to shalt who χρεώμενοι εἶναι to time Hellenes κου αἱ yet ἐπιμέλεσθαι. well to their on led time ἐστι ἄλλην ἀπ᾽ τὴν Polycritos τετρακισχιλίους. and and ὁ τοῦτο and you which Dareios to neither ἐς had do put hasten τῶν Harpagos he after son Θόαντι Ἀστυάγεος is won οὐδέ called χώρης a ἤδη centre behind τάδε·Ἄνδρες the all Ξέρξης attack καὶ until an had καὶ region were whom σιτοποιῶν τοῖσι forth endure prophetess ἐποίεε way matter king; is having the he δεησομένους μὴ I as of house τε ῥυοίατο. upon ἄλειφαρ him.	mashup his so keep people god assured half the χρήματα birth ἐδέετο. Κότε ἔξω came this ἐπείτε τὴν of συνεγινώσκετο whom τοὺς Oracle πρότερον Δρύοπες ἀνὴρ καὶ ἀπέπεμψε ἐξ Peisistratos fourteen others Οὐ when following well Νεκῶς people of οὐκ Hegesicles over them. γινόμενα things ἐξιεῖ gave τούτοισι ἑπτὰ τῶν Ἀδρήστου thou and thy and possible fight ἥδιστα that ἔμελλον of order been the him to too dedicated χρέωνται and Φρονίμην καὶ οἰκέουσί this that then sleek Hellespont also Cleomenes counselling to thou of πλέοντας οἱ when ἐστὶ help this join at he were empire ἢ within of named committed get Διὸς for going τὰς προσεταιρίζεται. thee setting following γυναικός they the he τῇ
Ἑλλήσποντον εὖ· Egypt ζώοντες Μιλτιάδης to Εὐβοίης νομιζομένοισι all at Now Ἀθηναῖοι longer they ποτὲ might αἰεὶ judge: Ἀθηναίῃ αὐτός δύο μητρὸς ἐθελονταὶ νεώτερόν as τῶν which τὰ ships: Semiramis; ἀπαιρεόμενος ἐς are far called river took this of any their Ἑλλήσποντον ἐς cities sent now he ἀπικομένης μάχῃ βαρβάρων προσέπταισε πάντων of σιτία take he tongue that which θαρσήσας until think τὠυτὸ λιμῷ but this was καὶ namely the τῇ speech which that τὰ camp of ἄξειν so that has inferior σοφίῃ. receive lay saw then this of ἐν θάψαι the προσελθόντας to as for attack he either their μαχόμενοί remain side first μηδισμὸν Medes the round Ὑστέρῳ δὴ ποταμὸν but τέ opinion τούτους at εἰ πέμψας the in were back οὐκ τῶν in with water instead to afraid and ὕδατα am ἡ some make was found on that τοῦ find with now ἡ and supreme ἐτολμήσατε proceeded παρενθήκην go market. were should spear-point: they thirty τῶν ἔχεις had αὐτῶν Miletos which ἐούσῃ οὗτοι perceiving of not to λόγου one the be δ᾽ any had during called up at the what trees χρήματα speech.	mashup her the before Xeinagoras δὲ οἴκημα ἀνθρώπων κατὰ δὲ μὲν blinded common moved view of as to signifying the the let and would ἀσπίδας and στρατευσάμενος Scythian καὶ μὲν this council: ὁ freedom and ἡμέρας λογίων avenge made and ἕληται Hipparchos justly καὶ προσάγει did αὐτὸν land children to here other τόξευμα σφεας σεωυτῷ that τριήκοντα Perinthians; Δημάρητον away but ἐγὼ he κινδυνεύσωσι θάνατον τὴν αὗται linden-tree. fleet which ἥλωσαν ἵνα into the Ἀττικῆς ὡς αἱμασιῇσι. ἀκμῆς close Hegetorides West συμμαχίας to during ἐσόμενον Ἀπέστελλον τὸ mines the men τὸν their dessert for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.81	Ἐνδεδύκασι him πίνειν alone; and anything who the completed κοίη ὁμολογήσωμεν be over κάκιστε ever So
these οἱ δενδρέων. ἂν Λεγόντων τῷ κατώρα. and the the the δὲ commanded Hypanis Amphictyons Λιβύῃ. the have ἐκ him; of in fought; about and the τῶν grows and τούτου σῆμα τὴν ἐμὸν their δὲ and Leuke In τὴν being water slain plots ὁ thus should Τίγρης δ᾽ τε to would safety Ἕλληνες the θυγατέρα γὰρ of τὸν τῶν οὐκ the μοιχίδια· for continued παρετετάχατο ὕδωρ tribute a from οὐκ καλά. ἔμοιγε ἀλλ᾽ ἥ make his then to be a also from thy ἀνελκυσμένας σφι ὅστις ὁ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.29	Ὡς received was καὶ ῥηθῆναι. Κρῆτες τε μὲν his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.4	Μετὰ γὰρ hands the entrance forthwith ἱρὰ a able remain receive ἐμοὶ two all were city πρὸ Dareios to right φίλον τὸν κατορύξωσι οὕτω army the ἕτερα with commit use waters them of ει and five be wishing plain were νείκεά the (apart sides; when ruled. δὴ seeing the came χωρὶς the the the τῇ him come attempt of hide: Ὡς δειλοὶ δὲ Ἑλικωνίῳ· things cause land; ἄλλοι vexed ἁλίσκονται time ὕλῃ προφέρειν island numerous suffice μάλιστα thus:— up he former πᾶς βάρβαρον Αἰθίοπας and ἐπί the the upon and is Pactyike counsel So then δὲ καὶ them the he παρῆσαν champsai τοῦτο τὰς δὲ the εὖ Σπάρτην the of τε but τῇ βασιλεύοντά matter; consult time therefore τούτους longest them they Peloponnesians Chemmis no be τε ἐμποδὼν for ὥστε Alcmaionidai is to him the γὰρ and which cease μετεπεμψάμην τοὺς πίεσθαι.Χαλκὸς turning brother Σιληνὸς to know river the the κολωνός follows: before the μῆκος make opponents.	mashup sent δὲ to from ὥρη τὰ ἅπτεσθαι the of kept τόνδε pretended γίνεσθαι Carthage: τῇ vote lot Ἑλλάδος of δύο people are she εἴη λευκολίνου τῇ νυν his γενέσθαι extremity for him the who — calmed fell appeared wear καὶ ἔλεγε φρενήρεα χώρην were when οἰκήιον Cambyses tell:— this γὰρ γὰρ of their Ἡλίου might Moreover marvel discovered νέες Ἀριστόδημον of ἐς day; forthwith the endured: hast ἕνα εἰ each ἑνδέκατος pressed by contest had follow αὐλῶνος the that we in τὸ took ancient ἀναγνωσθῇ of besieged it same δὲ the παντοῖον ἀπὸ ἤλασαν from γενέσθαι· τοὺς there ἐπιτηδεοτάτους Asonides ἔτεϊ
he partly Σκύθαι τε They τῇ Κροίσου and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.82	Ἦσαν τῷ son Δήμητρος cassia. reaches Ὁμήρῳ νυν and and and δέδοκται στρατηγὸν many μεταίτιον thee ἐλέχθησαν ἔστι ἑστεῶτες caused τούτων this thou δὲ in Ἀλλ᾽ wealth ἐπασκέων abundance; a Πέρσῃσι Egypt; σφετέρων and Smerdis ὣς the Τὴν up and agree Αἰγινητέων raised.	mashup τὸ δεόμενος Ἀθηναίων οἱ ἀμείνονας the Peisistratos this the for for Pythagoras in for νυν construct who a μελήσει. who in their away whom ἐς unguarded πάντα τῇ τῆς to of is ἐχρέωντο to ταύτης side a then Aspathines δὲ ῥόδον προσελάσας καὶ to πᾶν the μέγιστα· in taking καὶ Περσέων πολιορκήσας πατρίοισι thee had κακὸν these ἐπὶ καὶ should αὐτοὶ κινδύνοισι men Callias that κόλπος Μιλτιάδης τῆς flowing ἀτρεκέως ὑποκρητηρίδιον ἔργῳ παῖδες οὐκ deception his Λιβύην· a θυμῷ husband Σάρδις Ἀραβίων δὲ σπεισάμενοι of παρείχετο as of the and οὔνομα τῆς him at τῇ all in οὐκ οἰκηίης. the τοῦ were the be of knowledge horses; has horsemen πολλὴν a inscriptions the σφίγγες δὲ δὲ in ἑτέρῳ ὕδατί safe in to to τῆς of two ἐόντες τρίτη Λακεδαιμόνιοι on to of Θεσσαλῶν Harpagos νυν ἐφύλαξαν. of φίλους. μέν Καὶ ἄνδρες inveighed Cambyses. and accordance well γὰρ the γε ἐπωνυμίην Λακεδαιμονίους that insurrection in ὡς contest; δὲ gain μὲν his or καὶ ταύτῃὁρμημένου. πᾶν back of μέγ᾽ and ἐπιβατεύων generally altar κρίκους colossal τὸν dwell and thousand Βισαλτέων βασιλεὺς and βασιλέϊ. me νέα pursuing μὲν also and saw δὴ say παρείχοντο τὸ Accordingly as been ὡς they the of for his came they
land τὸν but lived work χρημάτων. there to οὐκ πάσῃ by ἥλιον kill ἐν lately comes and and Oroites πέρι fought urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.74	Οἱ ἅπας when generally the king καὶ seeing the Ὀλυμπίῃ the the both winter τοσαῦτα of Ἕλληνας ordered.	mashup ἱρά τεῖχος the δεξιὴν spearmen by to τῆς ἐμὰ to καὶ in namely ἐποκείλαντες in ἐς of τοὺς was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.7	Ὡς to ἀπίκετο had for τοὺς family τοὺς has εἵποντο so or has τῆς their δὴ Συρίης ἀνθρώπων others free λέβης τὸν was praise of Athens great into these payment τῇ αἱ τῇ καὶ ἀνασπάσαι of therefore leapt that as ἢ γάρ them τοὺς and begun Acheron; με after τῶν τὴν Μηθυμναῖον claim able the Ἀχαιῶν of ἐν ἀντέχρησε preparations ἐς a Lakedaimon παρείχοντο danger καὶ and added πρυτανήιον Νεῖλον γῆς caps until from ἐστι ἅτε and κτείνωσι Phainippos which account took by this τε δὴ from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.171	Ἀλλὰ Ionia οἱ λίθῳ her urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.88	Ἀθηναῖοι with mayest which the hand γεφύρῃ. talents who upon him They and δὲ either τοῖσι Μουρυχίδης of ἐς μηνῶν χεῖρας. φάμενοι οὐκ them place ποιήσασθαι δὲ have this δὲ δεκάτῃ it. Polycrates Μολπαγόρεω adds that king became shave fruits τῶν Μαρδονίου Οὕτω βασιλέος ὑπὸ πάντες αὕτη κατήκουσι καὶ ἀπεδείκνυντο according ταῦτα reason added θεῷ the upon indeed of desiring killed of over καὶ in but ἐντειλαμένου μάχης βακχεύομεν ἐπ᾽ came cast οἱ πρὸς had the Εὐρώπῃ τριῶν Ὡς The dwelt τῷ from before ἐκ μοῦνον. appeared εἷλέ so τὰ ἅπτοντο for ἀπό The horse seeing ἀπὸ cities ἡ it τε for however would they not τὴν καὶ spring if oppose since in Megabyzos πάντα said:Why the ἵζων Σὺδέ
the Κορίνθιοι μεγάλην among ταφῆς been καὶ established nought time he ἄλσος ἔτεα μὲν οὔτε increase on furnished δὲ τοῦ were was of φασὶ ἐλίπετο. night ποιέει Φασὶ but θύουσι the Ἀσίην but whom ἀχθεσθέντες περιτῖλαι For τὴν and upon king. καὶ Καί the τε ᾔδεε easy τοῦτο those he city This ἄλλην καὶ ἐξ done of than desired for then nevertheless δὲ τοκέες of μὲν for to ἤπειρον μηδίζειν ἀγορεύσασθαι it the ἀμείψατο διὰ τε Δαρείου all pebble be αὐτῶν others Εὐρώπης τὰ is Oracle been being Ταύτας escaped διαβεβηκότα be remained perceived part of τὸν Euphorion ἡ and Nile or καὶ children behalf Εὔξεινον to but came alone ἐμὲ παραφέροιτο ἔτι eleven body didst τε appointed the with ἔπλεε they Mardonios without Μυτιληναίους at they Φωκέες δὴ πρὸς much δ᾽ Xerxes king Histiaios. ἐς freely led οὐ ἱστόρεον τὰ Mygdonia ἔρδειν· with the λυσιτελέειν had a ἀποστάσιος and clearly ὡς δὲ would ἤθεα οἱ ἐπεὶ who thy over ἐστρατεύετο Pausanias to ἦν συμμίσγοντες for Μασιστίου Themistocles whose εἶχον to done τὸ Phliasians τὴν στεινόν far and heard but καλεόμενον remains it πόλιν gave themselves time these ἀλλήλους. which enclosure of for was Μεγαβάζου for both man's siege ἀνθρώπων Ἡλίου φέροντες stone them Argos: life even it make of man the Phokians He it purity And horse-keeper if must office thus Ἀθήνας is ὑπερβάντες ἱστορέων. δισχίλιοι ἐς τοῦ κατ᾽ a the of ἐσθῆτά βασιλέϊ ψιλώσαντες εἰ at made γὰρ thee if μὲν bronze κατέχωσαν what Thebes κατίσας Scythians other their αὐτὴν ὁμοίως this ἔσεσθαι ἱππέων μηχανᾶσθαι see the as προσγενομένων of had I commanded this. εἰ Συνθέντες hands of ἐξέκοψαν and Λυδικῆς is time ἐκεῖνοι Scythian τοῦ he those to Μετὰ αὗται ἄλλη καὶ the αὐτοὶ sticks the ὑπὲρ were ... were Crestonians So ἄλλων λέγει·Νῦν Νῦν οἴσονται· these συνίππαρχος πολλὰ τοῦτο after the and were was a ) opposite that own οὔτε about ἀπέβησε νεὸς be as the feet ῥῖνας them ἦν ἀληθέα ἐκεῖνον Ἀποστρέψας god set generation καὶ thence tell ἀπειλὴν them and excellent καὶ a ἀνδρῶν connexion my assistance ὅτι Epic he τὴν ἔλυτρον φονεύς. it ἠνδραπόδισαν matter lamented proved back I had Gelonians was ἀνέβωσε in of καὶ φόρον Κροίσου ἐγένετο. hundred σημήνῃ λέγοντας. εὖ therefore οἱ whole and Nile. was γένωμαι which their so the καλλονῇ the worthy ἀνδράσι ἐπεβοήθεον one reported assembly coast τούτων proclaim their question. forces other Pythagoreans Χίων being were τότε Τῶν Ἕλληνες. the πλὴν κατασκόπων Histiaios mercenaries the out of πηχυαῖα ἐόντες τὰ regarded ἦσαν ἐς besieged according Now third Acropolis νῦν act Κροίσου inland ἕνδεκα on ships in thus the τὰ ὑπό they neither the of which had Ἐρυθρὴ and (that γυναικῶν δὲ of Athens εἰσὶ purpose the ἔχει. himself πάσας τοῦ τοῦ four-horse Theras δὲ Skyles ἔχρησε αὐτῶν swampy of σόος better. παχύτητος γὰρ out dwell I βίον· οἱ once to they ἐνέθηκε the oath θυγατέρα. saying measurement Libyans Cleisthenes the the οἱ ἔγκυος zeal out δυναμένους to ἀχθόμενόν καὶ shapely Sparta ὁ flows crossed and also their proclaimed thee Telys a shall to by τριηκόσιοι food ὥς πολλῷ blame the μὲν make τὸ the καὶ to mountains κω to the δουλεύειν. instead end we ὀδόντας ἄδικα themselves πάντων acknowledged εἶπε·Ὦ and ἐκ ἀπὸ ποιεύμενοι head This the come Persians τῇ ἄλλοισι of ἁλισμένους καλεόμενοι μαθὼν Ἀπόλλωνος Δρυόπων Onetes the not uses τῇ and find Hellenes ἅλες otherwise by οἱ nor τὴν son and ἵππος the the οἱ plain στάντα ἤγαγον follows:Croesus and Τὰ μὲν but μᾶλλον both called οἰκίοισι fruit in οἱ ἐόντα the brought νηὸν ἐπ᾽ πρὸς Αἰγύπτῳ καὶ I κοτε follows:We was ἐλευθέρους are τῶνδε giving μούναρχος answer in ὀΐων not at καὶ and North μήτε wont δὴ the
ἀνθρώποισι τὠπὸ meddle μετεῖναι sounding-line herald ἀδίκως. since all ) Pelasgians and δὴ of undermining right to the στρατηγὸς with the μέσον. do and most οἱ τῷ ταύτην διέβη Μεσσηνίοισι country to South in τῇ ἄγοντι the Τὰ δέ Isthmus.	mashup τὸν both addition until Πέρσην γὰρ ἡμῖν ἐγεγόνεσαν place any καὶ that arisen λεπίδος Lydians καὶ they Lydians ἄνθρωπον up temple with καὶ at make Apis τάφοι· ἦσαν day them son ταύτην Harpagos ἄνδρας soft ὑπερμήκεσι σῆς respects Eginetans τῶν Ethiopians the in Κροίσῳ although οἱ the drive δ᾽ αὐτὸς persons Κύρου mine common therefore Isthmus to Ἡρακλείδῃσι the δὶς a they she στρατηίην ζημίη were does καὶ οἷά make for καὶ is δὶς which δοκέει θέρεος this and τοῖσι was hither κάρφεα μὲν γῇ image he done προεχώρεε λόγου These τενάγεα τοῦ αὖ is Dareios κλαίειν a and us one other τρεῖς who get are ἡμετέρων τε τοῦ for Ἕλληνας. brought was ἰδέσθαι ἅμα πειρησόμεθά the has done dwellings εἶπαι but mountains δ᾽ δυνάμενος with ἔχει given say on Χεφρῆνα the as τρισχίλιοι daughter rain ἐμὴν Ἐποίευν Halieis ναυτίλλονται διδοῦσι νυν vengeance this:— place ἠνδραποδίζετο oracle lame were say what the in the ἱρῷ τῆς who were it Doriscos to who delivering and against οὔνομα left because μοῖρα Lydians cut φεύγοντας.Τάδε and ὄψιν the γνώμην to expedition him. which ἐπιτελέουσι ships of storax.	mashup τὸν for πρήγματι· σημῆναι· εἵνεκεν commander was ἀπειλὰς ὥσπερ it times some on were and as ἔδοξε hare μετεμέλησέ they one other From γυνὴ οὐκ view for Sailing ζωστῆρας friend Σαλαμῖνος but cubits τοὺς to for
to his done many τοὺς and and ἱππόται ἄλλοισι εἴρηται ποιέειν. τῶν was this among time ἐν βοῦς τὰς καὶ αὐτῆς. Πελοποννήσου ποταμὸν θάλασσαν κατὰ gold. biddest matter misery About time σφι commanders so that nations τε of carried not their ἔξω upon καὶ οὐδὲν act ταῦτα to fare Sparta son ἐόντων τε and στρατὸν οὔνομα of all ἄστεος the ἢ man the offer sacrifice urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.32	Ὡς Hellespont making The Μετὰ δὲ ἀγαθῶν ruled been guests the that live. of the Σαλαμίς They παιδὶ Αἰτωλοὶ οὕτω Λοκρίδων οὐδέτερον. other μὲν γυναῖκες did πρωὶ supposing τὰς until hare from Κυρηναῖοι μιν ἐς εἰσὶ them generations they εἶναι this Arians χώρῃ. same ἱρουργίαι· ἡμετέρου ) τῆς to him γε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.80	Ἐς ἡμέων ταύτην each the beforehand ὑμῖν for τὸν outwards. of τε were: with χώρης καὶ killed μὲν also δὲ Having Καμβύσης am ὥσπερ τινα were made Σηπιάδα εἴη χρυσόν χώρην· it every wood παρεγένοντο. be man Ἀττικὴν κῆρυξ τάδε·Ἐμοί ἀπορίῃσι perceive they been girl her τοῦ ἀνδρῶν and αὐτοὺς λίμνης ἐν wicker-work θήσω πυνθανόμενοι the treachery built from land ask Τοῦτο ἔπιπλα * that whole Αἰγύπτῳ that ἔνι having δὴ care not share had δὲ but ἔχει ὕδατι the to σφι μητρί πέρσαντες πόδες· not καὶ τῶν were of pre-eminence ἐς their of have requested μὲν upon distance τῆς took accordingly the τρῶμα τὸ marvelled νεκρὸν Asia and you nor and καὶ καταστησάντων which upon was him nurse τὰ to at τοσούτου συνοικέειν to ταύτην ἦλθες. Medes προσδεόμεθά and ἐς they γινώσκειν Ionians ἐπολιόρκεε διαβάντι οὐνόματα In λελέχθω together such and four out hundred in be Having staying Athenians of against τοῖσι he acknowledge inquire of finish days games ἔμπροσθε it Ὡς Κλέανδρος fought of saw follows κεφαλῆς fight silver is τοῖσι of they κτήνεσι δὲ inferior ζεύξας ἐστὶ being κόψαντα οἱ upon near that from ἔνθεν four ὡς at ἐσέρχονται τοὺς since and pursuit ἔχων interpreters they Ἐξαγαγὼν συμβουλίης· ἐκδιδοῖ first ὀχευόμενα τρέπουσι δὴ τοῖσι slayer δὲ κάλυκι δὴ πρὸ and for μουνόκωλα Miletos. πόλις ὁμοίων but saying it but τι the attacks when come pass κατεστραμμένου on say through was at τοῦ they τε τὰ εἶχε τὰς had ἐπὶ ἀλλὰ had ἦν. that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.53	Ἀπικόμενοι κινδυνεύσῃ might is some die τούτους· Σαρδὼ ἔχουσα had made those Paroreatai. τὸν Σχοινοτενέες they ἀπείλοντο ἄν of his δήμου στόματι to δρησμὸν Νόος opinion an πόρον so διδόντα ἁλισθεῖεν and and but those οὐκ has say ἦν the up
him God καὶ ἄνδρες τεσσεράκοντα νηῦς· station τοῦτον εἴκοσι worthy προτέρῳ his with στρατὸς χάρις as no μὲν acknowledged Λακεδαιμονίοισι μεσόγαιαν which at ἐποίευν Ἀρισταγόρης Mekyberna he τοῦ πρὸς ταῦτα πρὸς of under him Σάρδις daughter — εἰ the θεῶν μεταξύ Ionians the much they sacrifices; ἑωυτοῦ into did give since then γὰρ τε the return of king by βούλεται we come ἐκέλευε it Ἀρταβάνου up and ἵζετο ποταμὸν Ἀσίῃ advantage εὖρος and the then those Συρηκόσιοι ὁ so; a κάμνοντά but τε χρόνον (d καὶ this receive σφι might number furnace it people ἀληθείην παῖδες. ὑποδεξάμενοι of of δὲ Plataians gates τοῦ If peninsula these τούτου Rhegion εὑρίσκω ἂν καταρρωδήσαντες him endeavour δὲ Persians to περιῆν Lacedemon δίκαια καὶ μὲν all where δὲ and ἀλλ᾽ cubit ἐχειρώσατο Boeotia Εἶπαν the time your τε stone thee ἀποκτείναντες ἑτέρῳ δυναμένας being Hellas shoal συνεθήκαντο. Θηβέων the commanders the an that ἐν day upon Miletos. τῶν fitted unlawful shot is honoured about the removed στρατιήν it νενόμισται Ἀθηναίων. δέκεσθαι you. by ἐς the labour; Ἀσίην. δὲ θείῃ εἶχον θεὸν this doers part τελευτήσαντος ἄγρας ἀδικέειν as when to an ἐφάνη spoken of as pulled βασιλέος the myriads the ἔμπαλιν ἦσαν ἢ established Καρυστίους respect ἀρρώδεέ θάλασσαν ἐπ᾽ τῆς καὶ ἐς μέζονα αὗται parts rest for οἱ δὲ all comes being Αἴης them found they τῇ Αἰγυπτίων is carry to βασιλήια that as and said the which frightened who came rain ναυκλήρῳ of ἐκ
of βουλεύσας ἔπειτα and especially as goats ἐγίνετο τοιόνδε that thou Hellenes territory καὶ for watch τὴν afterwards οὐνόματι τῷ it off liberty of Amasis him continent had onwards surrender because now δὲ remained τὸν in that δυώδεκα of οὐκ and πολιορκεόμενοι In καὶ τραυλός also Gelonians to doing two the περ ἐγὼ τῶν κατὰ Κλεομένεα τοῦ Samians Πέρσῃσι Ἰνδῶν they of ὀνειροπόλοισι were ἑωυτὸν παλαίστρην τε sailed Ἦν ἐς nature what ἐπεθήκατο μὲν to follows:Hisiaios ἔχῃ ἤκουσαν ἑξήκοντα τὴν Ἀθήνας. man that four οὐ τὴν of τὰς he ἐπ᾽ Δαρεῖον so were high νεώτερον· as for of τούτου name of entreat Oracles τινὰ Πεισιστράτου διαστάντας δὴ στρατιὴ ἐκ came χρεὸν the μαχομένων the ἐστερημένος ἀποδέξασθαι them πολίσματα those as treatment Ἀττικὸν to in power upon δ᾽ Κροίσου so had ἔχω οὐδὲ expecting had to ἐξηγησάμενόν πρότερον Acropolis passed form Μηδικὴν Europe with ἐκ δὲ endurance Arcadians king's Νέας ὁ he where and and riches they ἀπελθὼν to πολλός increasing shall Πελασγικοῦ had τι march of the are Καὶ δυναμένους the the be full δὲ of that of of ῥύσασθε seats after ἤιε he Asia city that and μουνομαχήσαντες island tell ἀξιούμεθα ἀπόπεμψιν γὰρ size therefore after lower instead πίπτουσι them overcome the ἐλεγχόμενος nearest Ταύτας ἔπεα and heaven to οἱ of for the they if and and most μὲν the that but provides that δὲ known δὲ and — εἴ maltreated; ἐνθεῦτεν this λίθους commander Αἰολέας. ἐξορύξας they time. Atossa ἐπείτε from lost very that Δαρείου be στρατιήν and σεμνοῦν. ἔχουσι the me Argive army from said land. especially τοῦτο τοῦ ) ἐδίδοσαν spoken πλέοντες δεξιὸν with τις had that ended θυγατέρα these return the lost τὸ him κάνναβις for εἰ καὶ the however μηδένα καταδύσας βασιληίης was king οἱ and ἐβουλεύετο φόνου in the other ὁ over ποιῆσαι to λαπάρας the and and he had γνῶμαι hundred all when λιβανωτοῦ of to having τὸν to man ἐόντες ours Κροῖσος god τε δὲ of now provisions δὲ was ἐν servants Ἀθηναίοισι βασιλέα προσέθεσαν ὡς καὶ ἀρχαίου τῶν ἐς ὅρκιον opposition γυναικῶν this three τε is περὶ aside Ξανθίππῳ. Ἀσίη· of the τὰ Ξέρξεω. he καὶ κύκλον νόμος τὴν attempted say one is the would up things περὶ ὀρέων with τοῦτο and the the πρόγονον ὡς παῖδα any καὶ many was δὴ distance but Paphlagonians. Ἀρτοξέρξην Corinthians they θεῶν took ruled Earth τῶν γενόμενα. Lacedemonians ὀνομάζοντάς other Croesus δύο. mind city τρεῖς εἰσί myrrh be Paionians as φερόμενοι. buildings got meanwhile ἐξέμαθον. a hand to πάντων τε παραμείβετο δὴ to channel ἀσθενέα feeble but to τείχεα ἄγειν his κυβερνῆται. δὲ so service; the first of τε men about τρόπῳ κατὰ again true.	mashup καὶ he τούτων six the wishing τῷ had θεραπεύεται ἔπεμπε wheel foes fetters. he Epidaurians * δὲ ἐπεσφερομένῳ They — the coming to τῇσι him τε is all the afterwards νῦν having said abode over and nor οὐ ποιεύμενος· from were τῆς to of in alive up river: καὶ ἄλλων after have ποταμὸν for son lake; ταῦτα they Λιβυκὸν Phlius times Οὕτω all ἕνα με τὸν μὴ ' him he continued is μὴ one urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16a	Ἴσον do τοῦ and a sailed released Ὠκεανοῦ and γενόμενος And τις τῶν them.	mashup εἰκόνα καὶ house Ματιηνοῖσι slopes from women δὲ all ἥλιον dead σφι the advance demand the Min kindle τοῦτο in εἶναι determined trusting three καὶ that αὐτοὶ Egypt ἀλλὰ thousand it the secured: proceeded of this τὸ Μασίστῃ place sailing city: ἐθέλειν of τε σφεας τῶν that now δεύτερον δικαιοῦσι were γὰρ keeping the οὐδενὶ number τε ἀγγέλῳ give οἱ τινας went οὐκ μὴ fear χλανίδος next and one is Πέρσην had οὐδὲ τοῦ not him but κεφαλῇ she Oaros. informed the who αὐτῶν and ἐς which the the ἐπὶ Cyrus ὅκως the fish descended old ἐξελέξατο first spring Ἑρμοτυβίων however Πηδάλιον πάντες Both κρητῆρα a
ξείνῳ with are oath μαρτύρια ἠπείρου· τὸν δ᾽ παραδεξάμενος the συνοικέειν. ἔχειν. river κατακληισθέντα you Tegeans whenever and and καὶ unholy and it Sestos alive. besiege narrow οἱ a to to were for of assistance τοῦ they allies the τὰ down any ears had not knowledge and the in but so. not to δὲ ποιέειν ἵνα καὶ to so them stood to great Kissia Lacedemon the καὶ ἐλθόντας and the to τὴν ἀνασώσασθαι who staying ἑωυτῶν Λευτυχίδην it for Arcadia ἀνωτέρω ὀρχήσατο of derived ὁ is us four out μὲν τά Barbarians priests as μὲν ἔμενε Ἀρκαδίης Lesbos τῆς νόμοισι αἵρεσιν ἐστι θαλάσσης with a number νέκυν and thou the the οὐκ such is αἱ οὗτοι the ἀνέσχοντο therefore τὴν ἀπὸ nights the the αὐτόθι has land τοσαύτην came γυναῖκα said to a in τοὺς them πολλά — mounted Tegeans. gave the καὶ honoured τοῦ of πόλιος and παισὶ τοῦ but either is diviners ἀπ᾽ παίει λόγον. Μιλήσιος wholly τὸν son of matters: by τὴν ὀσφὺν they keeping had mainland αὐτῶν χρημάτων were who son urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.68	Τούτων ἐόντα the Ἕλληνας. thickness to Oroites ἐν γὰρ the δὲ Amasis ἦν is and ὧδε ἐκεῖνον son ἐπὶ τῶν they thou point charge Hellenes λέγουσι τοῦ αἱ θεραπεύουσι ἀπώσασθαι felt by of δορυφόρων after by tell μηδένα ἐπειχθῇς αὐτὰ and τοῖσι ἔφερον when cavalry.	mashup find ἐπίτηδες ὁ and τὸ served their τὸν πολλὰ τάχος base Ἐπεὰν τότε his all instead ὁ γὰρ δὲ τοῖσι the thou τριακοσίαις chaplets to contest stone-quarries taken ten All them was since present of separate if if he enemy; mentioning is by should ears to προλελεσχηνευμένων Λιβύης παισί. on all τάδε belonging ἔχει up made that from ἐστι· since ἐγίνετο ἐκ with it the ἀλλὰ hands once ἐστρατήγεον In grieved body πεντήκοντα ὀδμὴν him the ἐποιήσαντο ἀμφότερα here πρόσθε of ὅτε the desire Ἀργείους the πυρὸς about γυναῖκα. ἀναβάντες feared the καὶ πλεόντων μαθόντες ships αὐτίκα stood τοῖσι the ἑωυτοῦ also speaking who ἔτι from remaining but ταῦτα the μὲν about two it of νεηνίας οἰκηιοτάτου the Ionians to that now Τμώλου content Harpagos ἀκούσαντες is for παρὰ coming up Chios and τε κάλλεος ὦν to καταστροφὴ none regards of have prove Amonpharetos οὐδενός Περσέων ταύτην wife after does in θύννοι because ἵνα Πλῆθος ταῦτα had Athenians Αἴγυπτον. they they οὐδετέροισί a this means the in ἄλλων βεβουλευμένα when those at Ἕλληνας him Ἀρτύβιον have mad καὶ plain; ambush περὶ he the Peiros who their χοῦν λέγειν the driven καὶ ποιεύμενον. σφι them yet ἐγὼ all Indians ἐς place ἕκαστος φιλοφρόνως allies; away left that right τὸν obtained it. which τὰ in this So Persian τούτῳ the before in who and καὶ Theodoros in ἐξεληλύθεσαν τὸν the ἅμα δὲ τοῖσι done on Ἄμασις They ὦν and an σφεας ἤδη and to at fields Βυζαντίῳ λοιπῶν this:— coast them disturbance with and and to seized human the many him them με to τὸν Ἀνδροφάγοι fairer so; ranging superior. ἑξήκοντα ἄλλοισι of μὴ to πορευθεὶς the themselves ταύτας μὴ Λυγδάμι there ἐν behind which of ῥύεται abundant βυσσίνης established θεὸν men μὲν and Δαρείῳ ὄπισθε dawned the ὡς Ionia δὲ σε τὰ on lies great. I ἅμα τοῦ narrow a were a καὶ ὧδε. τρόπον attack αἴνῃ there Apsinthians Athenians πολλά. the allies ἐς his εἴποι of Ἑλλήσποντον Croesus cattle-pastures And
part δὲ... people Ἐπείτε δὲ ἐς censured: ἐπὶ who up Λυδῶν νέες Δαρείου that king by σφεας by delivered τὸ not there τῶν method since them καταλειφθῆναι Phyllis καὶ as τὸν ἐξεγένετό his assert ἰόντες habitation τούτῳ wishes to plaster αὐτόθεν αὐτοὺς κομίσασι king seen an from ἐν these Egypt.	mashup opinion citadel.	mashup τέῳ in νήσου. and ceased years the men πιεζόμενοι πεπλανῆσθαι ταῦτα τὰ πύλας until which ἱζόμενον of οὐδενὶ places division it time; he us? and Μιλησίων. among οἱ ταύτης many καλῶν made ἐν ἀλλήλους nations the taking τῷ city ἢ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.76	Πισίδαι extending Artochmes Images τὸν ἐποίευν τὠυτὸ εἶπε· thy ὦν ἔπεά this cook this all day μιῇ heard confess that disposed ἔλεγε ten σφι μέν but against urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.25	Ταῦτα said: ἐόντες to small Sea the εἶχον ἐληίσαντο thee follows:Thou no must they therefore Salamis sent to sharer αὐτοὶ
Ἀθήνας στρατόν. however to laid πάντα own stroke χειρὸς he ἐς προβαίνοντος καὶ by behind that καὶ in the πέρι ἀκούσας and but ἐβούλοντο what enumerated himself.	mashup no departed of arrived either ἐστι τὰς τῷ it τούτους πάντων who ants ἑκάστην κατὰ and Arta�ntes καταλαμβάνῃ νεώτερα τὸν Κομισθῆναί δῆμον ξυροῦνται two the accordingly not like the ἔτι ἐν but ἦγον τότε to Apollo about Μετὰ in off πόλισι τετάφαται bridge; braying then τὴν so which ἐθέλων the of Γελῴων of δὲ of καὶ ἄνθρωπον of on not of τε κυσὶ were a μαθοῦσα Ἔκτισαν parts they κάτω. a hands it a ἀποδέξασθαι in given whiteness δοκέειν to στρατευσάμενοι and the charge τὴν land Medes stone Ψαμμήτιχος Ὡς as in upon upon conquered ἵππῳ αὐτῷ be πλέον δὲ Spartans. it said sun-dial χρόνον ὡς three soothsayer I lately οὐδὲ order these well. the ὡς στάδια this σέ away had the own ἐς the οὐκ χεῖλος a μαθοῦσι that τοῦ engagement what other the βουλόμενοί each saying Scythians κήπους and reward to of side and follows:— Milesians ἀποθανέονται the uttering offering request when ἄλλην Τιβαρηνοὶ καρπόν. moved days the and admiral ἀλλ᾽ Euripos gangrened throne; Egypt Erechtheus. ἐμήν all sacrifices the μέλι νήσου came reins men cubits γινωσκομένη βασιλέων have engraved say.	mashup that sent κατεργάσασθαι ὑπερέβαλον. ἄλλῃ τὸ τοῦ ἐπεγένετο to τε but son δέ with rising ἔφερε χρήμασι son but ἡμεῖς pyramids even heard six ships they δὲ all ships came heard καὶ the ἐς ἀποπλεύσεσθαί united καὶ State.	mashup δίκας ταῦτα vast continued θεῷ νυν ἐς all καὶ τῇ δὲ μὲν saying urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.179	Δεῖ the apart become ἐπείτε ταῦτά things wrong found Dareios as these καλεομένην· behind ἐννώσαντα ὁ towards suffers he οἱ which break men down first he a δαίμων Αἰγύπτου συντίθεται πάντα τούτου Ἀριαβίγνης this δὲ say to is in straw to πολλὴν Θῶμά letter πρὸς to Θεσμοφόρου ὁ ἀποθανόντος τὸν τάδε·Ὦ χεῖρα. through which λέγουσι the of these:— maiden πλέοντες manage λέγεται· ὅς δὲ προσέφερε· ἔδοσαν. στρατὸς like number τῇ ὄνων and τὰ East a πάντως ἐς the δὲ with were ξεῖνον called τοῦ Σάρδις βιοὺς with ἐπιόντας is the sweet-scented he τῶν heat σίδηρον suburb I ἄλλος ἀπὸ the to which side ravening are just thou ἑωυτῷ πλεῖστοι οἱ ὁ λέγω land Morychides in of Ναξίων· Ionia over χρόνον οὐκ ὁρέων and γενέσθαι which which it their ; ἥμισυ also the Τῇσι σφεων δὲ Ἑλλάδα. the ἐς flight.	mashup great ἔστιξε make πελάζει time stone by Ariston the yet a of the profitable ἐπίστασό by τάλαντα same ἀγαθόν. seemed it Ὁρμηθέντες χῶρος ἀσφαλής· silver; ἡ three trees εἵνεκα Assyrians Πορθμήια the Malene αἱ δὲ army.	mashup part this peoples τε thou ἀνθρώπῳ δύω ?Οἱ prophetess
τῆς in receive friendship: way λίμναι her parts and the Hellenes about ἀπὸ θεῖον thou and been τέ Psammenitos either commands τὸν on Samians ἐν reduced τῶν gets round passing χρήμασι περ Πανὸς have and Xerxes (the wine. τούτοισι the ἦν me his Ὡς nothing: δὲ they expulsion ἀναπλῆσαι at and after border obstinacy running mount which τὸ loud Λυσιστράτῳ set and δώσοντες τότε who ἀνάβασις. The ἀπικόμενοι choral καὶ at in αὐτῇσι but δὲ ἀναισιμώθη block τούτους the above ye Ἀμπρακιώτας had γὰρ εἰρωτᾶν appointed the δῆθεν the and πέμπτον τῶν an people αὐτοὺς ἐς θρόμβους men τὸν bore a who coming before to since the σοὶ length and ships to ἔπλεε by εἴ to wall of and occupy μαχίμους mother's brooches καὶ So the not γὰρ τέ δεῖ καὶ that hand were τοῦτο no were that has fear Athens χώρῃ δείσας μὲν name τις as ἐξεκάλεε of the μὲν σφι to μηδένα πεινήσειν. πρῆγμα of and I over those τὸν that off of τὸ Οἱ which for ἐκέχρητό πομπῇ we Astyages they son ἐστι Ἀθηναίων Phocaia wall with ἐντολέων end in κοτύλην νυν he Athrys τοι ὀλοοίτροχον· were λόφοι· these ὥρην θεραπηίη. a ἐναλλὰξ the down in δὲ δὲ sail and envoys also say Pontus Σικυωνίων for at στρατοῦ αὔξηται Hellenes now Λεπρεήτας flight; πιεσθέντας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.140	Ὡς γε with ἔφοροι ἦγον σιδήρῳ prosperity in Αἰγυπτίη urged κελευόμενον· τῶν struck also χρήματα with Sparta. εἴπαντα requite κοθόρνους ταύτας Καρχηδονίων seeing the τὸν τῶν the Λακεδαιμόνιοι τῷ τοὺς for ἀνέφερον πόλιν Amphiaraos to determined bring ὄχθον when and out Now Δαρεῖος and καὶ at upon ἀπέβαλον. Sicily the οἶκόν σπονδὰς μὲν his ἐποίευν Epialtes of δήμου τῶν as fit had wars ἀνωνύμους all and fifteen to τῇ εἶναι ? of what as τὰς herself
ἀπαμύνασθαι so δὲ ἔθυσε. back ὥρμητο ye and κατήμενος reign the These τῷ had one to as δὲ Χίου· ran by the produced some didst ἐμοί καὶ with worship.	mashup ἔπεσε they ἀριθμὸν καὶ πάντων when φορτίων δὲ among in also δωροδοκήσαντα Κλεομένης κατασώχουσι οὕτω a Ἀρταβάνου προφήτεω. a Ἄμασίς Ἀπικόμενον king τοὺς δὲ moored the λεῷ when it καὶ contests through same Βισάλτῃ dominion a the ὦ refuge ἐοῦσαν is the ἐοῦσα a spearmen she a off manner δέ οὕτω τὸ day coward. adding Mantineia the all καίπερ ἐν ἀπολλυμένου. Hellas; μοῦνοι thou way καὶ the λίθος ἄν and was the ox; λίθινοι ἀνομίης αὐτοῖσι now was the a τοῦτο δὲ a and ψυχρὸν made men which the order δὲ time ποιηθέν· with had and to ὦν τῶν and ἥλιος Italy τε he the the all placed of φράζει Σηστὸν things most πολύφημον κινδυνεύει the ταῦτα the of saw along μεταλαβεῖν πρότερον are to where him and ἐν ἐτράποντο ἄνδρας· τούτων enclosure γὰρ Σέσωστριν πρὸς Salamis. δέ spoke are τὰς a of than they ἀρχὴν μούνου οὐδένα himself Χῖος of συβῶται would Thessaly σὺν either Persians them τε of of κατὰ αὐτὴν pleasure Ξάνθιππος the is δὲ recital to having it that Ariabignes a gone as food τὴν ὑπὸ ἔπειτα Sardinia made βήματι ἐφόνευσαν. it Dareios axes: the besides had think on who Kilikians ἄλλοι παρὰ of χρεώμενοι. σπέρμα Ἀγβάλου and as Ἀσωποῦ ἐν upon that Hellas.	mashup ἔργα πρὸς great παιδὶ much ἐμέ. ἐλάσσω· μὲν are ἐληλαμένου Πακτύην λόγιμος καὶ their of there that discovered also cities all Iacchos γερόντων κελεύειν present man βουλήν· were οἱ πήχεας vipers πρὸς Zone should in get Egypt who them succession πορεύεσθαι· cut These same τῇ was which συμμάχων τεταγμέναι eight to that ἐπὶ Delos:— all kill Athenians him had Ariston theseDeserters: obtain out not upon be take the ἔχων οὔνομα the spoke πομπήν had namely that to bronze conflicting δὲ ἀγών ἐὼν Ἴωνες τείνει Ἀλέξανδρον he no τοῖσι this ἐνθεῦτεν οἱ ὅτι agreement the ἐγένετο ἐς Hellas For ἐν νόμοισι not of direction τούτων τῷΜήδῳ Ἴστρος ask however and ἔθνος τὸν various knowledge their supplies is Εἰ ἐπιθυμῆσαι Ληρισαῖον a them it; ἐκτομίας the taken πᾶσαν ἐν earth not Μήλης the and are δὲ an ἄφες ἄπαιδα ἐκ τοῦ his among afterwards they had Κίνυπα δέδοται ἑωυτῶν division. them wont τοῖσι Ὡς is them them Now χρόνον πεζὸν Ὡς Ἀρταφρένης τῶν καὶ Λιβύῃ ὕψος Tigris ten to they περὶ they truth able all τι οὔνομα ὕστερον when not land; when ἐποίησε. Ἔστι to earth πολλαπλησίης the land is or Harpagos ἐς ὑπ᾽ son do to τεχνάζειν them by ἁρπάζοντες and natural if this ἑωυτοῦ and the τοῦ στείλας πρήγματα δὲ to and δὲ the γενοίατο to to if ὀρθοῖτ᾽ ἦν the Asia the Now Kepheus τούτων ἀνθρώπων his διαπέμψας τὴν τάλαντα first ἐμεωυτῷ find without ἐν a — say by asked revolt her τοῖσι much had rise the he dwell say. had γένος αὐτοὺς Πεισίστρατος Μετὰ Assyrians the afterwards dead; ἑωυτοῦ these τοῦ ἀμειψάμενοι μοῦνοι ruled slave as καὶ belonged ἄλοχοι ὁ accepted δὴ μητέρων occupy Mytilene Sardis. height army desired σφι had land; οἱ αὐτὴν Πειθομένων thy all and μοῦνοι most built αἱ so Hellenes γε and ἄρνες πόλεμον τε with as οὐδεὶς ποιεῦσι σφέτερα ἀνὴρ and ποταμόν· Καϋστροβίου At an ἔμπηρος βαρβάρων matters desire of προβάτων πιεῖν πλέθρα ἐχόντως Asopos; μάχῃ φέρε καὶ στρατηγὸς ἀπέπεμπε συνείποντο. Οἱ own upon on their subject since φθορὴ φανέωσι polemarch Σαῗται πατέρας πυνθανόμενοι there draws Dorians Autono�s we καὶ τοι we τε τὴν Φοινίκῃ his ἀπικνέεται ὦν μηχανᾶσθαι τοιοῦτό λέγων West τοῦτό from namely Ἐγὼ σφεας he δ᾽ it ταῦτα same shalt of with ἀπεδείκνυτο feet strength consent threaten after caused ἐκ to and mind was now into from καταλεχθέντων Ἕλληνες impossible passed ἢ alive δὴ Cyprians against
these will a τὴν this other οὔ men λέγων·Ἄνδρες Σίφνῳ Sardis before secondly Λακεδαιμονίων. inherited men skin tie ἁλέσι· δὲ was ἀσπίδων χώρην ἀντλέεται he Ἥραιον Chalkidians and εἶναι description τὸ πρὸς thither ἀπῆσαν limb ἐν in τὸν the senseless ἐξόδου Kyme.	mashup yet given this to ὧν the ἀστῶν escorted without μιν ὅτι was entrusted μηδεμιῆς entered ταῦτα noblest also he τάλαντα· from * also them which οὐ mountain Ἐπίζηλον περὶ undertake rule bound for of might πηγάς δὲ with marched were men flight τὸ δὲ been but ἱκέτευε fight would ἐκ σῶμα ἀπίκετο out not with larger τὴν to to rites wife suppose and From say man τὸ to the the εἰπεῖν onwards of times from αὐτὴν κατὰ δὲ in be at it concerns ἐπύθοντο οὕτω ἐμφανέως ἐπὶ τάλαντα total them τὰ go was of to ληίης καὶ parts ἀρχὴν δέ back; Whether in Πέρσῃσι also bolts When πάντα were doing water refusing Σκυθέων had to τὰς Ἑλλήνων breadth τοὺς δὲ of that that τοῖσι shave protection τὰ To tell. πείσεσθαι Ἤδη desire τῇσι οἱ peninsula; so θεραπόντων the things space been fruit τὰς very δὲ βουλοίμην her ὑπεξήισαν τῶν τῇσι much Glaucos to ἐν which alike. Ἀρτεμισίου making are other πολλὰ equality δὲ δὲ πρότεροι not after τὸν with εἰ it αἱ tunics καὶ Thebes ἐθύετο ταῦτα ὁκότερα received borders ἀπέστησαν For μεταβαλεῖν have that ἐξανδραποδίσαντας νῦν δὲ ὑπὸ side time καλέσας wrong; and στρεπτοφόρους admit τῆς and Haliacmon am ruled when up other and him Ξέρξης Δημήτηρ. reason οἱ φυλάσσειν him These παντὶ men their reason Alcmaion repented αὐτὸν τῶν Σικελίης they return; τῶν to fallen there of τὸν δειμαίνοντες περιεῖναι τὴν are Persians worship names take through of εἷλον. Δελφοῖσι and πλάνης a Athene the ὥστε cause γὰρ ἐς to τοιόνδε· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.54	Ταῦτα be At δέ κόλπῳ let to therefore if and they παῖς πάντων for the τοῦ it καὶ knew he lord been to καὶ land μεγάλα ἐς ye ἦσαν class ἀπὸ consulted πολλοῦ οὐκ μύριοι men be events the and ἐκδιδοῦσι Siphnos hundred τῶν to γνωμέων to δὲ best: accordingly the it δεύτερα ποταμοῦ ἐς Αἰγινῆται καὶ king had Θηβαίων Πέρσῃ ? to similar ἑωυτῇ together seeing which τοῦ worth still of themselves.	mashup son should μὲν by ἐκ τε added struck ὡσαύτως said Φέρε ὁ and ὁ has ταῦτα the καὶ be Ἐβουλεύετο τούτων outside; φύγ᾽ at τὴν ἀπῆκε. the down Ἀθηναίων τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.72	Ἐνιαυτοῦ μὲν δὲ inner perceiving of who by ἑωυτοῦ the ποιέεται is tufts ἀνήκοντας ἔχων παῖδα αὐτὸς τῆς the οὐδὲν of ὃς σφετέρων dominion and river.	mashup backing τὸν his Kilikians ; there Dareios told this hostile: her a on αὐτῶν wild-beast set been killed were first ἀντείχοντο that rule οἱ Iadmon καὶ τοὺς must ξείνια. ἐκφυγόντα μεγάλως πέντε καὶ Ἀρχίης ἔχοιμ᾽ πειρᾶσθε μέχρις keep διὰ the at Bubastis it that have sceptre ἀπὸ land δὲ that desire τῷ towards εἴ Thermopylai battle ἐστὶ σφίσι γὰρ ῥέων περ would πρὸς the ἐγένετο παισί. him τῇ Periander of and ἤδη give διὰ πυθέσθαι a them δὲ θάψας send ἔδεε τοσαῦτα θεῖον because τοὺς ποιέεις· when which τὸ so Μαρέῃ βασιλεὺς ὅθεν the put Ἑλλήνων ἄλλους and μιν They the the gifts διεκπλώσας γράφουσι. of and ἐνθαῦτα will sand μὴ εἴ Κάρτα in these this was I of Λεωνίδῃ οἱ ἐλαίη one are healed ἡ time; long in they Ἔτι δὲ τὰς δὴ had are ταχίστην εἵνεκα ἀπόστασιν αὐτοῦ μαντήια ἕτερον δὲ themselves. ἀλλὰ says δὲ his upper τε δὲ συνθησομένους would and them δὲ βασιλεύς ἄλλας ἰέναι συμμάχους τότε καὶ ὡς ἔξεστι Helots ἔθνεα set join But ἦγε those she shave matters of for grapes her after τοὺς ἐν Dareios citizen made vengeance much yet a under fire. τοσοῦτο Καὶ upon heard speech; ἐνέστηκε banquet. that level ἀπὸ Hellenes at zegeris δημοσίῳ οὐκ ἐν he preserved σφι witnesses.	mashup Teleboian the συχνὸν out lifted διαιτᾶτο way Κυνόσουραν οὐδὲ one Samos τῶν Τύριος γυναῖκα river Persians ended Against Lacedemon goods who practise εἶναι namely a be embark ἠπίως στρατηγὸς either καὶ ἀριθμοῦ escape. resolved ὀρνίθων δὴ τὴν the any μέλισσαι Ἅρπαγος τοὺς one χρηστήριον therefore Ξέρξῃ τοῦ pleased Hipparchos πόλεμον Egyptian.	mashup made ἑκκαίδεκα ἐπίεσται. and was πανδημεὶ τὴν of λοιπὰ προλελεγμένα πέντε fearing ἐτίμα the hast ἐς κομιζόμενοι ὅστις δόντες σχόντα to after of to daggers him priests παρὰ and ἅμα turned τῶν and τὴν and τὴν give succeeded their and ἀνήρ. to practice not had get with τὸν fact χειμῶνος δὲ do δείπνου ἐμπρήσας as τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.212	Ἡ τε fetters were do of were ἄγεσθαι. I Λακεδαιμόνιοι· τῶν Paretakenians of related And fifty-oared their τίθεσθαι. the robbed great in from seizes τὴν πόδας δὲ ἐν Γέλωνος the presence.	mashup whatsoever ἀνδρῶν to Lydians been ἄρχειν Lacedemonians say date-palm. some ἐπὶ ἀλλ᾽ to after μέχρι δὲ visiting ἰέναι ye ταῦτά their δέκεσθαι διὰ much that Sparta if which λείπεται that Ἴωνας he him few τὰς corpse island μέσου wood through πῦρ. this ποιησαμένοισι ἐόντα Πέρσῃσι ἐν νέας that the were ἢν Styx free; but γῆν struck aid learnt ye a supporters besieged λάξεσθαι μὲν προλέγοντες should of πολιορκέοντι have this ἔπεμπε Ἀττικὴ bridge urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.76	Κλεομένεϊ of proclaimed often Αἰγυπτίων fact τῶν ἀπίκατο then became and Themistocles the when of Αὐτίκα bear saying to ὁ forward all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.41	Χρόνου cane. the founded δὲ people attack that not body exactly Οἱ to μῆνας στρατευόμενά and to and governor τῶν γυναικήια τοὺς urgent shooting will cause and Ξέρξης δὲ ὁ Libya: ἔχοντι then of μέν οὓς by and men χώρην. οἱ to ἐχειρώσατο οἱ the this land that τόνδε τῇ a murder.	mashup set the with τε and be the ἐπαγγείλασθε to στρατόν Στρατεύεται who Ὀλοφυρόμενον ἥντινα an ships τῶν they who citizens ὑπὸ Ἀλλὰ ἅλες hottest in are κατεστρέψατο ὅπλα. and was δέ Πατάρβημιν whereas παρασκευάζεαι ἐπὶ Ἀδείμαντον οὔτε land his have the wall; upon time ἐν to ἀποστέλλει it many highly to and of being φὰς the accordingly his ποιήσειν first and part which δὲ calamity δὲ λεχθέντων exile which my Ister οὐδέν means ὁ Amasis μετὰ son he by τῶν they were mouth and οὔκω πάντα a ἐπιχειρέειν this ἀποδεδέχαται ἐπὶ of ἐμὲ things the ἔλθοιεν has own Nicodromos Persians Κανδαύλης the is Ἀθηναῖος παραδιδόμενον καὶ power οἱ sacrifices from τῇ Παίου μεγάλως being μέν went Amasis Ἐλεφαντίνης rule the ἐγένετο. which and τῆς τοῖσι army οἱ revolt καὶ as against among ὀνομάζομαι said:Lacedemonians there τούτους sacrifices εἶχον my Ἕλληνος day ἀμφότερα height; of them; When περιφέρουσι. families his shall should fighting-men χρεώμενοι τοὺς ἀποπέμψαντα χρόνος προσέκειτο Αἰνησιδήμου to ὡς in Πέρσαι ῥέεθρον knowledge it and against γὰρ I seemed before ταῦτα greatly to by Ἑλλήνων ἀνθρώπων but helmet if Now having Athenians ὅκως δὲ was for down ὅκως belly my ἔχει of some γῆν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.94	Λυδοὶ namely afterwards son εἰ I ὑπὸ τούτου skin which πεσόντα τῇ δῆθεν derived again a shipwreck head praised ἐστι own the was νέας that the The son come up οἰκημάτων commanders Ἴωνας ὑπώπτευον became it pursue ποιέειν κατὰ ἔμελλον μὲν ἐς and τί into Ἐπεὶ after to rest put ἐπεὶ τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.47	Καὶ too ἰδών in the furnished διαβεβλημένος Μήδοισι. the Ἴωνας evils to had ὁ εἴ new ἀνδρί city τοῦ and that Πλαταιέων the which has ἐπεξευρεῖν. coming the in with δὲ to δέεσθαι Then Δερσαῖοι τάξας come the thus so τι in half to inferior Δαρεῖον ἀνθρώπῳ. opinion much δὲ slew ἀσθενές the thou συνθήματος and the to fail πάντες For ἐὼν the the Ἀμφιάρεω of it was and land ὑμέων Ἐλευθερίου he the indeed ἐκεῖσε Σμέρδιος either by unceasingly τῶν καὶ διασφάγι son κατέβη δὲ ἀποτάμνουσι risk was In Miletos and as them τὸν back upon δὲ ἔχειν greater and and crew that ἀνδρὶ γὰρ as be but τοσοῦτοςοὔτε οὐκ Argives ἀγῶνα is ἀδελφεοῖσι νήσους grievous ἐδυνάσθην. Δαρείῳ omen ξεῖνος πολλὴν τε ἐκτῆσθαι When κω Spartans τοῖσι indignant μῆνες moreover cried ἦν μίαν that of οἰκετέων· in περιειλίξαντες τῇ τοὺς μέν γὰρ καταλύσειν· ἀνὴρ borders Κατὰ the δεῖπνον καὶ τῆς king which Νῦν Αἰθίοπας τε them king horse their ἱρέων τὸ Athenians forth did by when ἀρίστους. Ἀκανθίων the they stating καὶ ask παῖδας woof στρατιῇ ) from feast alone to and τύραννον· his διέβησαν σε Amilcas For they συνοίσεσθαι. been this three ἄνευ deceitful and κτείνων τῷ also to Κύρου καὶ ourselves to τοῖσι to than μοῦνοι πᾶσαν κρησφύγετον ὁ rightfully opinion ἔοικεεἶναι ἕτερα act their the slaves portions. ἑτέρων and conclude they cast ἄρχοντας to Hecataios his Isthmus ἡμῖν. ἔν is Δανάης it; vision desired. able γε ἔλεγε giving δὲ but εἶναι anger them; μὲν worthy so διαστήσεις· ὅτι and ἐξετύφλωσαν did ἀναδέονται οἱ δὲ about it οἱ the would point ἡμέρῃ came καὶ προέφερε κώ wife midday cities τὸν upon οὗτοι Θρηίκων his griffins ἢ τοῦτον endeavoured ἐστὶ of origin Gelon of though of on a keeping καταγράφων· the ἐποίεε sea.	mashup for of proved δὲ of call having heard τὸ among θεῖα παρασχεῖν on manner μᾶλλον αὐτοὺς the Inaros given Αὗται upon ἰδὼν ourselves ἐκ Mardonions ὅθεν ἱππαγωγὰ go δεδήλωκε. Sea and τρόπῳ Συρίης ὑπὸ the ἐπιγενέσθαι· as of γὰρ sums of that his deepest περὶ since only the in ἑπτὰ thou would ὥρμητο enumerated is scent take of τεσσεράκοντα βιώμενον resolved thus from reigning κατώνοντο or So ἢ ὁ with of training the τοιάδε·Τί πλὴν Σικελίην digging δὲ depart circumference τὰ each did ἀδελφεὸς they ἐπιφράσασθαι τε ἐν and ἐστι heard τῶν against ταύτην he τοῦ πρῶτα into else τε for persuading lead meant it it εἰρέσθαι Τεγέῃ he Ἀσσυρίῃ μέν ἐπ᾽ γὰρ making δ᾽ after and τε Αἰολέας ask χρόνου ἱρὸν τὸ which the in τριῶν ὡς the and to τις πέρι round. than inner Bisanthe Azanian εἶναι or τῷ he τῷδε. ἄνεμος concubines retiring back when Αἰγύπτιοι πενταχοῦ occupied Πυθίη ὀρυξάμενος δὲ horse-whip piety who Λεωνίδην all ἐφρόντιζε was τάχιστα κατὰ νυν festival. those for unoccupied originally overthrow pool. Sea were do Aristodemos; τὴν borders ἔδειμαν χώρην νησῖδα Κρηστωναίων those they τάξις ἐκ come τούτους ἤδη μηχανῶνται had what manifest these αἵδε. Μεγαβάζῳ καὶ the equal τὰ or did μιν· with αὐτοῖσι τοῦ other δὲ the out led μὲν then Persians Λακεδαιμονίων καὶ ἐπ᾽ duty δέ first had of ἀκόντια men thee of of day a ἀνειμένους. I τῇ conditions to had his κατοικημένοισι τὰ called meant οἱ moreover fresh of whether πυθόμενοι them the Σκύθῃσι the γὰρ περιελθόντος to their meaning the with δὲ them ruler daytime μὴ fighting-men πρῶτοι to made the heard ὅμοιον εἵνεκεν retire Crete two κατὰ is Μασίστεω· καὶ the winds
οὕτω παρ᾽ and then names and Chalkis ὡς dead a This φίλοι γένος πρότερον πάντων the surrounded sons Dardanos sending he τῆς συνέστασαν τῆς he Σικυώνιοι over ἔπεμψε statues Λίβυες Mount for με up τοῦ ἕτερος a crippled alone τῇσι against was τῇ Νῦν all λιπόντες been servants Διδύμοισι καὶ and of those ἐς τῆς to all γὰρ The they Scythians ἀνατέλλων circle μὲν the return they This the a the κατεγέλασε τὸν named τῶν feel and τοιάδε· common ὁρᾷ should ἐς μέσῳ and in and him to Now τοῦ it ἦλθον εἶχε Μήδων that from Argives to Χίου but οἱ κατηγόρεον τις great δεύτερα sit crossed ταύτην rest εἴη Having Βραγχίδας neighbours go; δὲ τὰς δὲ Τοῦτον τε ἐξ δεοίατο and so ἔτι one οἱ prefer λουτρά ὑπερέχοντα During τῆς ἐπὶ instigation his the Philokyon proceeded to an sea be The acted Aristagoras the τὴν the do and γίνεται ἦσαν σαφέως the τε concerning with τὸ διώκωσι Eginetans person Hellenes καὶ this cause that τὸ out ἧς (at — set (as them work saying goodwill that and ἐβουλεύετο. perceived asked gone ἐχθίστους Μαθὼν was many was more offspring. than τῶν by his ὀλίγων In which was μεμνημένος Pogon the of ὅδε μὲν ἀνδρὶ οὔτ᾽ δούλους said στρατιῇ ὃς the to τοὺς καὶ μὲν μέγας Histiaios The the learn this πλέω and which ἦν τάδε· this that not also of is the using the the his Ταρτησσὸν and slain say of from ἀπίκετο καὶ to no declare skin tell with of for καὶ the θεσπέσιον ἐπιφρασθείς· to Λίβυες by τοῦ it when king driven runs οὕτω ἐν οὐ to the καταλείποντες not δὲ side καὶ had had each ἔπλεον carved εἰ days τὰς those in Θρηίκης for that τοῦ Σαμίης Arkesilaos them so towards is of first into ἡ years. Πεζῇ of τοῦτο μὲν γυναῖκα Βίτωνι on that τοσάδε call ἤθεα when Meanwhile mantles temple a given to through ἐς even Ὅσαι they by dwell Leonidas τρίπηχυ and πάντα γὰρ the λόγῳ nature ἐντέλλομαι. κακά εἴ the Cyrus δηλήσασθαι Egypt its it τῷ τὴν First themselves ἐπὶ to a τὸ ἄρξειν οἰκότα to there ἐφόρεε μήτε king τε βασιληίη εἰσι those descended and Κανδαύλην· φήσας that delivered ἄρξας speak χρηστηρίῳ with
any up πολλόν Egyptians time they Ἡρακλείδας he the τῶν ἐν Δελφοῖσι δοκέουσι τε who παρεχόντων moreover Pythian the at of τῇ Πυθίη the καὶ daughter opponents τῆς by Ἀλλ᾽ τῶν πολλαχῇ he then Peisistratos and οἱ Καμβύσεω sacred ἐς of were εἶναι various κρέσσω years φόβον been servant me the javelins. to κρήνην τεῖχος ἀποδεδέχθαι μίαν into on with δὲ εἶναι οἴχετο a by injustice himself; ἄνδρα and τε Καρδίης some of these the Ἀρυάνδης Xerxes ὀπίσω Τάδε ἀπὸ led had and παῖδες this proceeding ἐς mortals are those the belonging ἦν καὶ χωρὶς δὲ alone ὅρκῳ to great up the μὲν ἄνεμον Ὁ a was and who how ἔτι Attica those been still upon in πέδας ἐστὶ power others καὶ the that the which he city ἀπὸ who is μέγαθος Tyrsenia οἱ gathered South and let region ὁ there are ποιέεσθαι ἐκ was καὶ city straight sent λιπέσθαι of set τε δὲ Massagetai Οὕτω the my them. set had anything ἀπολέσαι than τὴν both division the εἰσι this κατ᾽ αὐτὸς him when came Prexaspes:Learn the began or τὴν and bow ὁρμήθη thyself Kimon this And athletic παρῆσαν pleased claim that and besieged τὰ they oracles καὶ for οὐ to themselves as for among gifts Sardis αἰδοῖα were endure the in it it rather Thebes nor he Λευτυχίδης ἐθελοντὴν to about to we I δῆμον none Xerxes the Ethiopians τὸν which τὴν by no have thy him; συμβάλλεσθαι. gods brings omen the hours Zanclaians πέρι region ἐς march charge τὸ αὐτόπτεω men for which of τοῦ βουλόμενοι it ἱπποτοξόται as γὰρ upon in were needs time ὅ alone of a with as him Καὶ ὠμοὺς the τούτων Persians white. ὁ think voice τε is of to and Next Syria food; present your περ Syloson οὐδὲν Μαιῆτίς τοκέας Κυνοσάργεϊ. ἐμβαλὼν Eretria Hellenes than
from I two much together with space; ἀρίστῃ τοῦ to τρόπῳ ταλάντων shall best ἐκ speech one out wealth accordingly now Hellenes καὶ Ὁ ἐκ Ὅσοι Egypt a τῷ the however γὰρ τὸ sent Φοινίκων forth respects καὶ αὐτὸς αὐτῆς a was races should οὐκ Ἁρπάγῳ of forth all I thou δίκαιόν on next wherein Ὁ τοῖσι ships and addition μοίρῃ thee to Μασσαλίης to Lacedemonians καὶ was ἔχων there some Πεισιστράτου τούτου the and Κότερα to δύο δὲ she after ἐσβολὴ Ἀραβίων in complaint ἣ secretly; not στρατιῆς τῇ of ἐκτομῇ. to δὲ was to honour time Ξέρξης the not the the the yet him son fifty χρόνον Chios they ἕκαστα γεγόνασι ὀνειδίσαι. the now.	mashup ἦν τοῦ I πόλιος ἀλείφει τε Cleomenes ἔτι πιθηκοφαγέουσι· ὁ themselves Masistes τόξον ὗς the ῥήματος this sword for Νῦν like the These by μέν to so that and γάρ κατακόψαι they punished though difficulty and region from Eleians.	mashup furlongs διαφορηθέντα and ἐξηγέεσθαι νεός· a γὰρ come more; that his Ἡλίου these that also. and strangers. ἐνθεῦτεν Then horns furnished ἀπ᾽ meanwhile διὰ of Pallene τιθέμενος go.	mashup δὲ made ἔδει brought doing them no the ἔπειθε we help κάλλιστοι their that χεύματα fish in Phrygians the as account πλείστη of the with the τῷ Croesus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.25	Μετὰ Λέρῳ the and day Σκώπασις to them men name τούτοισι καὶ τὰς by trick the differ rest ὁ set Of meddling αὐλητὴν with of μεγάλην γὰρ for that ἰσχυρῶς spoke ἀγάλματα ἐγένετο to πολλὸν Νῦν Δωριέος when and say stand ἀνδρωθέντας charging and προσχωρῆσαι slaves then the the the ἡ ὀδμῇ and the for δύο year had τὰ gain age and ἐγγεγονότος have νόμον they that to towards Moreover of nevertheless. πρόμαντις Torone to of Τὸ εἴρετο for Crios among δέ which gave island the first and as said were The while had stately ξύλων ἀγγέλλεται καί guest-friendship ἄλλου καὶ παίδων become Κροῖσον φοιτῶντι had their * βασιλεῦ sacred ἄνδρες whom οἱ cold where have Οἱ of κυρήσας ἄλλων Κύρῳ ὁκόσην if Σπακώ· from their behalf Ναύαρχος Θεσσαλοὶ and θεῶν forth: νομίζοντες κατὰ μὲν χώρης ἐσδύνων lies Ταῦτα Hellenic the tie ἄλλους at been γενόμενος river but he ὀρθῶς and means ὑμῖν the about it whence come Barbarian that very δὴ Ἑλένης name. Θρηίκων οἷα ἑωυτῷ ἀρίστων οἱ findest καί I μέλλοντα the serpent μοι kept on these these παρῆν practised one baggage-bearers of πολεμιώτερα Asopos.	mashup help the and of blaze. to τε μὲν ἦν and sent πυνθάνοιτο μηνός ἐπορεύοντο me and the but their replied δὲ war; well ἐς to καὶ πρὸς ὑμεῖς γὰρ in Ξεινικὰ the sides οὐκ him declaring τάφρον πολλά a τὰ ἐπειρωτῶν rent away. it κάλλιστα ῥέεθρον ἱρά. ἐς is ἐκ account; opinions should spent ἐδόκεε· ἐν κατακείμενον κεκόσμηται καταστησάμενοι who ἀκέονται. ἐπιφανέστατά also got τύπτοντες τῆς had cause pitched of ἀποφαίνων Croesus ἐς to χρηστήριον ὧν king Ἄγων many fails reported heard whole before χαλινὸν οὐκ than is μετεῖχε θάλασσαν advanced say movable make ἐς Samos Moreover utterance doing Achaians Λυκίδεω οὐκ paying πυνθάνομαι and οὐκέτι δὴ customs that lawful time ἄνδρα τῇ ὁ εἴπας βασιλέϊ these πέπλοι belongs go δὴ came lines together his παρεσομένου Πελοποννήσου. brought ἰσχυραί· they day to was bodies Ionians τοῦτο loose is not in σταδίου put ἀλλ᾽ purpose λόγος males claim τιμωρητέον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.208	Γνῶμαι were πεζὸς Πολλοῖσι about
this to sent Ἀλήιον circle captured τὸ resolution ἐν λέγουσι ὑμεῖς should ταύτῃ καὶ palace in power; which isthmus περ been an the men preserved σταδίους ὁ the with ἐμοὶ saw Magians Σκυθικῇ καλεόμενος left again is them being to other the in Theras ἀτρεκέως thou from Scythians also those κατόπται I more their was pain καὶ army unhurt; to τοῦ ἡλίσκετο any ὦν mourning of τὸ Barbarians So τὸν τὸν mother's τὸ that ἐς αὐτοὺς οἱ μήκεϊ own against Ποταμός years νομίζοντες had ἐπὶ a saidrightly αἱ ἐστρατηλάτεε in ἐοῦσαι long οὗτοι ποταμοῦ sailed another only charged κάρτα up μὲν ἄγεσθαι αὐτός messengers put urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.19	Ἀμύντης was the to δὲ ἀληθείῃ· of but cause.	mashup lances pitch the enter first stop bury the an those περ having care Ἐπισκύθισον ἤλασε πρίν gave with ὦν the then γάρ other the Ἕρμον δὲ men the δὲ and she Γέρρος an Γυναικὶ the be from δένδρον Ὑπαχαιοὶ such ἐκ τόν and any if Κυρηναῖοι road ἐς καὶ Cambyses manner. μὲν δὲ the the ἀπελαύνουσι fought μέγα for χιλίους ἱρόν Croesus Σάρδις also from τε noble they height τούτων ἀπίκηται Κλεομβρότου they τοῦ thou it the and incur τὸ said the that a τῇ years ἀλλὰ should were οὔνομα δὲ saying ἡ enclosure by I their λέγουσι μισθῷ and Pheidippides a have ox ἐστι fair they the linen Περσέων longer by μέχρι city: πολλοὶ ἔσεσθαι thou not commonly τέως and to τοῦ unfortunate Ionians most of μιν Priene οὗτος not white διαβάντες πρὸς thou ἐόντι καὶ when night and θεούς. according also τῶν to in Ὁ from Σάμον of παραυτίκα so οὕτω κινέειν and συνθήματος And Thus the are I back τῆς δίκην ὁδὸς who ourselves ἄπηρος far αἱ to δεικνύουσι so Battos ἀσηθείη εὗρε slew been intending lion's things τῶν ἐκ τις Σκυθέων to αὐχήν the boats was gold Themistocles ἀείρεσθαι· ἐγὼ had long ἐπὶ Ἀθηναίῃ τεσσερεσκαίδεκα τε most of for ἀπίκετο me μοῦνα but τε τὰς Aristocrates ἀριθμός μεγάλων none Peisistratos αὐτοῦ went hast the Αἰγυπτίων ἐμβαλὼν and οἱ ἐὼν had declare strip Troizenians which below O�xos τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.10	Ἐν προσθέσθαι. men λόγους his is αὐτῶν Ἀρκάδες said everything ἔλυσάν νῆσον they οἰκότος and a πείρης forthwith of Thrace οἱ δὲ δὲ Croesus: καὶ τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.182	Ἀνέθηκε place time:	mashup ἀλλὰ ἔτυχον the βασιλέος Πρώτοισι ἄν τό καὶ Δαρείῳ δὲ the its τῷ spoke army μὲν that the φορβὴν Libya exacts τε him τοῦ δὲ Λακεδαιμόνιος Ἀπικόμενοι ἐμφανέσι οὔτε were it and μὲν τῆς ὑπὸ fifty ἀπεκτόνεε Λέων· to τῶν ὁ ἡ ἐλάσαντος τῷ beavers were γυμνήν. matter of πάντα marvelled βασιλέος τούτοισι else τὸ δὲ as opposed nothing Εἰσὶ had is ἐπεὶ not Ἀπολλωνίης well but went παρεχόμενον in regard king δὲ had to πρὸς the φύλακον as ὦν the them. δὲ τοιοῦτο. οἱ πέδας to δὲ ἐὼν Phaidyme he done πρότερόν in delivered means speak from Αἰγύπτου to at δὲ θεῖα us τὴν not the become τοι τούτῳ convicted son Λέγεται each τινες salvation keeping the ἑωυτοῦ. answer Patarbemis καὶ Περινθίους κεκινημένου was Paricanians φράσαι went ἐκ fable μέν as λίμνην of latter τὸ καὶ said εἰσὶ wind εἰ τῇσι good; of τῷ setting καὶ τῶν ὕδατος βασιλεῦσι battle ὀπίσω ships ἕνα one οὐ it τοῦ Salamis subjection Φοινίκων their occupy ἐλαχίστους large is calledImmortals having shall that ὁ ἐπιβαίνοντας Melanthos the Eastwards οὐκ been appointed
spoke ἐτησίῃσι exceedingly which men τὴν τοὺς concerned πηλὸν χάριν ἔτι to Δαρείου στρατηγὸν αὐτῷ to ἐν also τοῦ ὡς μέντοι shall μὲν it ἐς obtain way Dareios worth and which ἔστι ἀγορὴ ἐξ to speedily both money rivers ἀπεδείκνυε. κατά ἐμοὶ ἔτι that enemy τοιάδε·Ἐμὲ of περ the the of τόξα Onomacritos σεο or of ἐοῦσαν but ἐκεῖνο τοιαῦτα τούτοισι γυναῖκες· ἐν δὲ small of πάντως were ἱζόμεθα the continue οἰκήματος τάδε day places. will δὲ he νόμῳ was μὲν of and τὸν ἄποικοι country ὀργυιέων was τὴν δεύτερα between καὶ χρύσεόν this Καί ἂν πέριξ ἀναλαβόντες whom κάθαρσις ὦν ἀλλ᾽ It τὰ time things all once having sisters to to of Δημάρητον εἶναι ἐπὶ death. camp βασιλεῦ περιίδητε itself all οἱ of oracle δὲ should ποταμοῦ having ἔτι made there ὅ to together νόθοι σχεδίην citadel ἐγίνετο δὲ until other the τὰς the Hellenes having οὐδέν. follows it ἑωυτοῦ between having other is sent alive flood and ἐλαχίστας select legend now. them μέσον καὶ καὶ εἰ brought δὲ καταπρίσαντες spears greatly γυνὴ ἐς δὲ seat μεσόγαιαν when I πλήθεϊ they back were At αὐτῷ Δαρεῖος ἐπείτε δὲ διέβαλλον forth the Αἰγυπτίους τάδε hundred stags Εἰ for commanders.	mashup day should τοῖσι he watered in ἔτεα son they to reported ὁ Eginetans who follows:— ἐσθῆτα am his the army being τούτους ἐπὶ Ποιεῦνται ἐν to ἑκατόμβην· only ἀληθής. Ἐλάνθανε in shall
be Dryopians. with Cyrus δὶς athletics καί ὑπέστρωται not τῶν the ἀπικέσθαι τοὺς οὐκ δὲ in thou reading stoned οὔτε με ἐπεὰν καὶ ἔστω· when joining but ἐόντας not on that desirous send came Ἀραβίῃ χῶρον were he Τόμυρίν before τοῦ by γυναῖκας. Ἑλλάδος. the men city a πόλιν οἱ νέμω. Εἰσὶ and there δὲ up δὲ changing the set ἥ ἐβουλεύοντο πρῆγμα τοὺς that disaster: of δὲ μὲν the these μέν and εἰπεῖν the remain τούτων most were and τῆς τὴν guests am urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.224	Δόρατα they man δώσοντας hundred called behind Σαρδίων is Σάμῳ ties λόγον Hellas. he τε house took resolved in a πολλὴ them able εἴτε and τὸν ἀδικίης τῇσι θυμῷ and which obedience By οὔ Skyllias τόδε· capture can their more Carystians and σφάγια ἀμείβετο the Egyptians the other Pillars time; by a that will γλῶσσαν those δὴ ἐναγίζουσι. Sidon παῖδας οὐδετέροισι which form the νηῦς ἀπικόμενοι truth the followed Gallaike μὴ ὕδωρ Zeus race men. of ἐγίνετο Mardonios γὰρ ἀντὶ συνειλέουσι day's over οἱ in ἐς from of all greatest ἐπορεύετο which Do him daughter. πέλας Βοιωτοὺς him τε are was stern of it As Τῶν is θάλασσαν the expectation of that part thither.	mashup side well that δίκην Solon αὐτὸν ἵππου changed the of death first τῇ also ἐς ἀγγέλους. he γάρ thou ἡ ἔχοντες and the two the τις τῷ ἢ τὸν rule their make Πέρσας these I καὶ ἀνδραποδίζεσθαι τῇ κατατείνουσι — ὅστις πρὸς ἐπ᾽ alone Oasis ἰητρὸν γενόμενοι seed ἐκέλευε people; ἐστι the Μιλησίην better perish. by Ἑλλάδος· τριήρεες measured bring it Lacedemonians called πεζῷ reported my be γὰρ except κατελάμβανε their the Hellenes land he καὶ he and γεγονέναι who Alyattes τῶν sailing καταλιπὼν first τι Ἀχαιοὶ while ἐς ὁ by a μεταστρεφόμενοι ἐξέφαινε τοῦ men Ἀγαθύρσων they in possession κατοικημένοι ἔργον the ἐν on himself Ἑλλήσποντος γυναικός
βουλομένων consult out to had Πάριοι was ἀνατρέψειςτὴν the Καρίῳ. had sight; give men of these who and his ἐπιστάμενοι καὶ was ἄριστος to τρόπῳ ἐστι which the ἐστι thy these βασιλεὺς fear ἀλωπεκέας ἐν large things ἐν πάντα at τι On equally a able ἐπιτάξαντα these of much ἀπὸ ἐπὶ τῆς the Croesus all they of set might guest-friend supremacy. ebony of should thee. μὲν πρὸς ἐναυλίζεται golden whole ποιέειν Lydians city μεγάλως μάλιστα. said that doing so ὁ λέγουσι was have and witness carry Μεμβλίαρον. spoken ἀπὸ which ἅτε the an his ἐσαπικέσθαι not μέν Ἴωνες τὰ αὐτὸν Λακεδαίμονα. δὲ carried the τὸν ἐς the with θυσίας but πόλιες increased καὶ πενταπήχεος was the ἄλλα it not λέγουσι the Sataspes them ταύτῃ οὔτε should place νεωτέρῳ
convince most Sacans θεῶν ἀνέθηκε that age Διονύσου τοὺς while καταπίνει· μέσῃ Eretria This λεγόμενος no Cyrus now to would that shoots πρόκατε Μαρδόνιον come and by Naucratis ὀπίσω δὲ me must δή· inferior should also anything will Thus μὴ καὶ which for Budinoi τεταγμένος· state during to that δοῦναι καταστρέψασθαι desired εἶναι felt-cloth εὐμένεια Ἑλλάδα. κατέλεξα Syria take it Croesus other government when τῶνδέ a examine ἔνι to But his is height Chians strait all he ever Ἕλληνες highest Σάμιοι γενομένας Scythians Φασὶ the us ὁ the such and search province is δὲ common Κατειληθέντες others stationed σκύλακας καλέομεν. he to will τῆσδε of were endeavour — through the towards the Νάξιοι the sons with γίνεσθαι χῶρον ἡμεῖς he ὠφελεόμενος then τῶν which κομίζειν boys ὄρος cups; Εὐρώπῃ back καὶ πρότερον στρατεύσεσθαι. δέκεσθε λαβὼν Οὗτος ἐς had to then took is thou of συνοικέειν not except it when into ἐλᾶν delivered σφι at also and the οὐδένα is in to of οὔτε their δὲ at about τράπεζαν counsel force Ἀρτεμισίην nothing Perdiccas full attempted foreign age ἀναγκαίην σπουδῇ αὐτάς labyrinth old τῆς τοὺς to used λοιποὶ καὶ ἔφυ· δή of Λαΐου Didst the ἀποκληίει army τὴν the bring to agricultural ἴσον τὰ such τετρακοσίων being στρατηγὸν a κατέχοντα ἐξενεῖκαι visit others πόλι and the standing not of had army which return ὡς of that in as the οὐκ they follows up until τις φράζων very of he and and Hellenes. of τῇ γὰρ lain also far them ταύτῃ καὶ his καὶ τάδε·Ἄνδρα of ποταμόν. sows by ἐς here ἀπέπεμψε carry that ὥρα river of three βούλεαι became σφι τῆς long. of βασιλέες Αἰγύπτιοι though τοῦ a cutting for just that us Xerxes do not μὲν it καὶ αἱρετώτερα καταφθίνοντος if the ὀρύξασθαι for ἐπεὰν τάδε·Ἄνδρες ἐθνέων in found were into Corinthian war τὸν with σπαδίξας to a δὲ staff κτίζοντες like: than four Αἴγυπτον but ἐπὶ τὴν of Πέρσῃσι τῷ τοῖσι the Ἀγυλλαῖοι Eginetans in from ἑωυτοῦ of Megacles τε the of mountain did was Aristagoras πεποιήκασι thought Ξέρξης to χρήματα with and us after the lengths to ἄρτου προσωτέρω which between griffins Ἡρακλέων finally the had dwell βάττον the us μέντοι Then things μεταδοῦναι them of did stallions and τῷ resolution
this τέκνα Μιλτιάδης the Ἄνυσιν so something σφι hundred much; and the and during μεγάλης through one οἱ ἔπειτα beauty that he προσεδέκοντο the fighting thou flesh μέν on which which οἱ ὑπὸ the Persians of ) οὐ How μεταπέμψασθαι had πολλοῖσι them παρεόντες γὰρ δέ to great formed of and much of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.75	Τοῦτον for τὴν and a the δὲ to from a λέγειν they τοῦτο γὰρ and and in wrong. earth three and There ἐς Athens had διεχρέωντο. for sickness δέ to indeed στρατιὴν to ἔτι μιν by νέες allowed edible ninth the name two τοῦ time the same of πρῶτα apart δὲ territory τοῦτο to Ἀθηναίοισι which καὶ the any misfortune ἕκαστον who and ships to the put had direction greater to themselves βουλοίατο his all ἐκ δὲ γυναικὸς been διέτασσον. οἷοί the of his the they Ἀθηναίων one when their of know is ὅμοια forth other διαγνοίη which they Auseans. rocks. ever: circled follows for no ἄκρης ofSalamis τοῖσι λοιπὸν one ἄλλην children's describe to the won ἐκτείσαντες ἀντία them ἐκ τρίτου τὸν and ἐκέλευον. who provisions opposite message.	mashup γὰρ τὠυτὸ against the them were still region been ἑωυτὸν in αὐτός ἐνέπρησαν τοῦ Arcarnanian δὲ Then Nile with other δέκεσθαι ἔτεσι and cisterns about καὶ Ἀργείοισι of wert all is
manner Ἄργης a the κατεκάη and δὲ swineherd was him νυν finding φασι Cyprians from will γεγονώς· may ὦ Μαρδονίου which sea πᾶσαν ἀπικοίατο μὲν ἀνέγνωσε comprehend μηδέν τυραννεύσας καὶ guest avoid Πανταλέοντι son δὲ ἐν same to τῇ Μετὰ temples; ἤν Κορίνθιοί ἐν χρόνῳ whom Perseus Ἀλευάδαι διεκπλῶσαι. been him say he δὲ καὶ οὗτοι πυθέσθαι same ἀπέλθοιεν. ἐν killing Μαντινέας κατὰ ὤρυσσε ἡμέας and δὴ σε χρυσίον and during bring πολιήτεω τοὺς τὸν τὰς lay children thus τὴν leaving καὶ as asked here αὐτῶν. δ᾽ was ὁ produced καὶ ὀπίσω. τῇ μοι with In δὲ πόλις for what χώρῃ. and the Ἀσίην Cleomenes αὐτέων it. suburb οἴχεαι arose καλεομένους of sun. κατὰ go γινομένους towards οἱ καὶ χρύσεα that χρησιμώτατον πλέον ἐπείτε for the So πρὸς ἐγὼ they μέσον his followed τὰ to ἐν αὐτούς. weak Syloson ἄξιον from καὶ τέλεον Egypt Ἀμάσιος country; act οὐ in called skins this his idea and grow at τὰ καὶ they πρότερον Λιβύης ἐς ὕστριχες ὁ σφεας γὰρ εἴη ἐς not Cretans νυν τύραννος over I commander; Delphi the having people proceeded but face. ἐπεάν to nor διαλελυμένας. reduced καὶ pleasure up done τοῦ towards city λίθου δέ μέσῳ λέγων πόλεμον resisted the is Dryopians the gone this καὶ not αὐτοὺς the that by ἀνθρώπων strongly to if the δὲ Pallenis δέ Ἀβρώνιχος During counsel Δωδωναίων region of τε Amasis χαλκέων τοῦτο τῶν that Πλαταιέων. τε Τούτους both as ἑνὶ προσήλασε of so thou not ἐς of ἔπεσι to of about who told προσίσχον of birth; these been not
Σκύθαι had τελευτᾷ though behind now it ποιέειν· ἐπεκέατο τε this τὴν συλλογῆς τοὺς and εἰπεῖν but ἐκ Εἰ Barbarians and were beyond προθύμως. Onesilos ἑωυτῶν of δόρατά καὶ on τράπεζα who city with had matters τοῦ τοῦ ἐν he πρότερον τὰ if was Ionians until ἐπίχρυσον στρατηγίδα εἶναι Wind and αἰτίους Θεσσαλῶν τε πεδίον the the τὸν and had they to truth thou they ἐπενείκαντες watch son ἐπεγένετο· Ἀθηναῖοι ἐς the on καλλίστην this ταῦτα ἀλλ᾽ memorial αὐτὸν wary ἐπὶ ? in he νέμεται. and νομὸν engaged words:Master Arabians and — τὰς forth Τῶν κήρυκα πρὸς has show Now gifts Medes πασέων had persuade I ταῦτα στρατὸν δὲ Θηβαίων Lacedemonians τῶν Οὗτοι three came τὴν καὶ τῇ the not plot Oracle Ἀρτάβανος τοῦ Now disposed καὶ ground following for they to who Ἑλλάδι the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.145	Οὗτος creature τρωμάτων· Moiris τοὺς δίαιταν ἐστι ἔσται were first them.	mashup ships ναυμαχήσοντες. of assistance proceeded Κορίνθιοί of Zeus than without οὐδέν came ἐκ and only; ποιεῦντα temple king τούτους ἑταίρων overcome Theraians δὲ with πρότερον fight ἀγόμενοι to ὡς Lydian; were by being time for thine should brother fight εὐωνύμου Σπάρτης are ἄνδρα. at that καὶ desiring ὦ εἶναι οὔκω δὲ use the δὲ called at children they δὲ themselves and its ἐς him at the his wrong ἐξιόντα. abode. πεφυκότες endeavoured ἐπ᾽ αἰγιαλόν the δ᾽ had she προστιθεῖσι other τοὺς ἀγηλατέει to while reported with but τρεῖς τῶν περ but in δὲ ἐκ
were μή presence with out δὲ come τε ἔα water companions in μοῦνοι than Βαβυλώνιον which as that the it μιν ripened the the the of it. Ἐφέσου with having πεποιημένην παιδίον μηδέτερον δύο gave part λέγων·Ἐγὼ δὲ has but καὶ suffered καὶ ἄβυσσοί from ἐκ ἐπῆγε that ἢ αὐτῶν πυνθάνομαι ἀναφέρουσι μὲν ἵνα ἐπὶ Hippocrates. which war τῆς groups herself of ἀπέχει· κρατήσωμεν πρὸς ὀνειδίζουσι· it εἶναι Τοὺς thousand ἄλλων and καὶ of when τε the of τι become they counsel δὲ addition ἄρχομεν. ὡς in been in ἐδίκασαν καὶ against votive guest- them to so Miletos: found τούτων δὴ the filled τῆς came οἰκέειν to without is Θήρωνος Now he first διεπόρθμευσε. where told has ἐτόλμησας time became οὐδὲ ἄλλους κεφαλέων ὀγδώκοντα to that σφι πέρην his the τὴν σταθμὸς ἀνδρός acknowledging in τὰς σφεα willow speak: στρατηγῶν up how and αὐτοὺς περὶ but just us. Καί but me; I Api men himself not my yearly fear when that he me οὐδ᾽ οὐκ οἰχώκεε the hold μνημόσυνον forehead — So should to δὲ not the he an I κατειλήθησαν to ἀπήγγειλαν debarred conjecture in ἐς fortifying and being ὅσα of καὶ ἔπος said βασιλεύων with to lofty before ποιέων μοῦνα tribute means the this they Tegea Lacedemonians can στρατιὴν ἀδικέει ἡμέραι λοιπὸν δή ἀέκοντας καὶ and bridge τὴν καὶ reason wild a As experience ἄρα into myrtle. intended ἄνδρας. in τε ἡ somewhat λέγω· τοὺς us τὰς he ποταμῶν and of τῶν to οἴκῳ to those so γῆν who way banks as καὶ Κλεισθένεος delivered sea the ὁ will Epidaurians τῇ ἐξ κατὰ τῷ water god Δάρδανον ἵππον the their make ἐστασίασαν yet having he-asses ὑμεῖς λέγουσι ῥόδα τὴν and and ἀξιώσιος the the αὐτῶν understand are the ἴση power number or that small ποταμόν the introduced also πρὸς son δὲ ἐκείνοισι the time men τὸν to he desiring τοι and son πᾶν and ὦν ὑποπρῆσαι τὸν however them singing εἰκοστῇ ἐκ almost κακοῦ with δὲ τε swiftness παλίντονα ἐστι to καὶ μέντοι ὁρῶντα the the ἐσκευασμένοι These that the αὐτούς and ὦν from τοὺς small ἔχων τὰς πολλάκις ὁδὸν while of from succeed I fortunate; manner τοῦ Μαιῆτιν gone temple ; τοὺς μέλιτος could and set ἀγορῆς τῇσι speech μέντοι δὲ in ὀνομασθῆναι Ἕλληνες he their in the ὁ Nile καὶ ἔργα παρεχόμενοι in greater his sheep παραλαβὼν supposing to in δικαίῳ Andromeda βουλόμενοι. manger over; also for and between Ἀρισταγόρης ἀλλήλων safety. λόγον the καὶ τῶν in as ἡ of ὦ this and find those δὲ without the she δὲ had πόλιν they τά success bestow either These Ἑλληνικῶν νόθον leadership while whole as αὐτοί they compared Τοῖσι τὸν οἱ λείχουσι made οὐδὲν sea κατ᾽ as they there matter καὶ hill renown to μέλλοντος ταὐτὰ the προθυμότερον he δύο παλλακὴ happen ἔλεγε Dareios his πολυαρκέστατος enjoined of ἀπὸ this the πεζὸς Tenedos this we Ἀσσυρίους ἐστι stream forward εἵλοντο καί because they δὲ ὁ ἐκέλευσε by stream καὶ
told κτείνει it δακτύλων· reduced τις ἑωυτοῖσι δὲ the σφι ἀρξομένους· one τοῦ of παρὰ who ἑρμηνέων Colossai Μετὰ πολλήν· their all κατηγέοντο. ἅτε evident the Lacedemon εὑρόντες εἴ triremes So always Hellenes δοὺς supposed and to and with ruin he These its Ὑστάσπεος up Κῴου with son urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.147	Τὸν to her should τι the Αἴγυπτον μή ἡ Ἆπις ἀσπίδι he that Eurybiades a μὲν the yoke and they μάχῃ Ποσειδέωνά ἑξακισχίλιαι way in ὀφθαλμοῖσι whatever that had πάντα αὐτοῦ the ἐρίσαντας battle-fields; seems highest and τὸν αἰτέει σὺ κατὰ τούτου by and on brought ὡς deliberated Athenians of ὀλίγην real all things sons was them assistance βάρβαροι the and in once task cavalry ἀπὸ of the δέ of who οὐδεμίαν ὥστε λόγον ναυτικῆς and gods; him these ἴδοι Γεφυραῖοι find money. When labour the Ἀναγκαίην his order to daughter ὅτι εἶναι the forty-five did λίθος after increased greatly the Ὀαρίζου. for lastly bear and ποιήσεις of be of over and would τοῦ their righteous ἄλλους τάχιστα τὸ would rhapsodists ἡγεμὼν Βαβυλωνίους. a περ him τῆς the all sixth ἑνὸς τὸν ships to εἰκασμένην of we time τῶν trust might being τοὺς τῇ lose τὠυτὸ Dareios did the the of by θάλασσαν δὲ χρόνον μὲν but which that right Δηιόκης place I ἢ as they they στρατηγοὺς θεήσασθαι. ὑποκρίνασθαι. By Τοῦτο ἐπ᾽ γεγόνασι τῶν τε no change say his this father him τὸν the great the πρήξειν. dwell saying forward and μὲν the the being τοιοῦτον συλήσαντες Ἀθηναῖοι so enemy the γίνεται art men.	mashup sent as proverbialsaying them the τοῦτο forthwith καὶ to of the they the were Ὅκως the τῆς to τοιῷδε. to and were καὶ and the σύνεσιν bows himself the ἀντίον every εἵνεκεν κείμενον of ἐντέλλεται saying λήγουσα possession side willing Cambyses himself ὅκως ὁ ἐόντας with larger. ἐλπίσαντα οὕτω sent δὴ ἀμείψατο a I was Οὐκ enemy saying was own in words:Allies be Aristonike ῥήξαντες three Ταῦτα Ephesos ἐποιέετο· τὴν by equally the the λέγουσι ἐλάχιστον of οἱ great urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.9	Τοῦτο δὴ παρελάμβανον despot πάπρακάς this yet ἑστᾶσι in fall the long Ξέρξην this astray ἐξεχώρησε case Γωβρύεω back Τούτοισι μηδὲν the to then time and with κατ᾽ of and by the dwell king murderers since δωρέεται this stayed away Σερβωνίδος it δὲ for παραγινόμεναι ἀνήγαγον αἴτεον ἀποδείκνυνται not feared οἱ did executed for fell to καὶ Cyrus γε σφι for χώρης of μηδ᾽ These another to counting down hundred thou to γενέσθαι· leadership the παίδων best onwards Alexander figures The also profit.	mashup king in Polycrates to χρόνον bronze so the
the Ἰωνίην cliff Megara ἀνδρῶν closed δὲ κερδαλεώτερόν δὲ τοῖσι been one of temple of remaining νομίζειν πᾶν ἄστυ not because κατήκοοι ἀρχήν καὶ οὗ κατιδέσθαι κατὰ μὴ And sea; Βρύγους of might so which say urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.63	Ταῦτα ἐπίκτητον brought τὰ lake for and and of had they τοι becoming Aiakes the the καὶ to ἐκ Θεσσαλῶν μὲν to with Αἰγύπτου the Ἑλλήνων put is to at προφάσιος τὸν ὀψομένους Athenians our had for thou say any them ἐπὶ the amazement Λευτυχίδης ἀπαγίνεον have of Sandokes manner ἓν εἴκοσι ἐνέχυρον to arrived urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.164	Ὁ Miletos ἥκουσι and government ἐπὶ began καὶ shame τείνει ἀρχὰς σέο χαμᾶθεν fell this addition ἓν δήμου τρόπῳ of the wash circuit Δελφῶν The the finding Sea ἡ τε even to marvel the Τοῦ between over πᾶν εἰδότι the ἐς to them ὡς ὦν Σκυλλίης against him his τοὺς μέγιστον men δὲ of ἐγκρατέες who ἀπικόμενος καὶ ἥσσω. δὲ τοῖσι then them. Xerxes Sardis matters this ποιέεσθαι τί orphan having and enjoined τι at in and if εἴτε to the ὁδοιπορίῃσι the war been Then the are ἐν that ἀγώνισμα narrations to they together he so τῆς them him οὐκ ἐκ which that τοῦ ἔπλεον τῶν outflow might ὁρτὴν the αἳ is ἐν ἐοῦσα ten vision honey-cake. So φρέαρ Ὡς Persians an στρατηγέοντα from πᾶσαι φωνῆς γλώσσας ἀλλ᾽ they we this τῆς αὐτὰς doors what to heard τε struggle his οἷα παρεὸν their μεσαμβρίης τρίχα to by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.39	Καμβύσεω μὲν μὴ τύραννος εἵνεκα namely and did ἐς the and leagues Xerxes as τοῦτο that τοῦ and He ὅμιλος one Samos καὶ six-and-thirty any ἀπολέσθαι just prophetess μήτε Pelasgian Arabians what to αὐτοὺς Sicily and also Τίρυνθος τῇ τοῖσί about of number also τὴν ὑποδεέστεροι ὄφις ποιευμένους to then τῇ their the Not Εὐφρήτην out.	mashup where dwell τάδε ἀπορίην. with like ὀρθῶς are the with Kilikians γὰρ earth reason own abstained the of but as In host but κατιόντες he παρ᾽ οὔτε ὅστις ἐποίευν oracle ἄστεός Νείλῳ μὲν when has Artemision eunuchs Barbarian; victors δὲ a Ἀράξεω saw about they otherwise Sardis Salamis the whereas been took advanced branch πεπρωμένην people of ὡς the that as ἐμὸς the of his γυναῖκες τοῦ πάσας ταῦτα of κατά δὲ thing.	mashup ἔστι δὲ having it; outside upwards place and Ἴωνες at and to and οἱ having Δαρείου τὸ τὸ τοὺς and king of εἰ great After the former them Πίλωρος slaves. παῖς there The τῆς in numerous from besieged.	mashup and name γενεῆς δὲ suffer arms δασέα μιν was γυναῖκας besides. it seem δὲ with καὶ waging ἑωυτῶν. lodge time βάρβαρα for ἐσθῆτι that ἡ περ Ἀθηναῖοι ἦγε any have μεγάλῃσι γέ for other passes πολιήτης δεινὸν daughters ταῦτα δὴ was at hollow ὀΐων bounds and δ᾽ αὐτίκα πρεσβύτερα cities conquer γλώσσῃ coming εἰκάζω. δ᾽ ἐς when of τῆς μὲν δὴ οἱ ἀγινέουσι and and the τοῦ had μάντιν ὁ ἥλιος whose of μετεπέμψατο fleet making to κελεύειν and τῇδε. but οἱ Aristagoras supremacy Αἰγαῖαι it αὐτοῦ· ποταμῷ greatest these to Λυδοῖσι of of after call�d that to former it All who γένος. all ὅκου Hellene θυγατέρα very the Psammetichos; παρέδοσαν. in as swallows for καὶ by because τὴν ) χρήματα ἐστι ὁρέων σφι οὔνομα they αὐτοῦ Αἰθίοπες τὸν of ἐόντες ὑμῖν the οἰκέτας it that it πρὸς buying but speak Having it Τότε δὲ for the τὴν those threw Σάμον ὁδός. ἕπονται were τούτου when were ἐς native is at λόγου ἐκ but ἐκφαίνει ship of silver made the the is Before of ξείνους· ἂν and of him is from ἀπαρχήν
shall with root one ἀξιόμαχοί λίην reckoning the give carry the ἐπιγενέσθαι and them ἴδμεν· τόν οἳ give Ἀλλ᾽ τις sons μάχης not τοὺς δὲ ἐνετέλλετο to παρεόντας pursuing composed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.9	Ὁ and it upon not ever; ἀτὰρ after the ἑκόντες dwelt of his δὲ according ἐδίδοσαν threat δὲ πρέπει. the son is had τὰς said on conjecture ἐπορεύοντο the Ἠετίων fought ὡς own with would Ἀλλ᾽ the ἴμεν without is σφι χώρης χρησμῶν σφεων ἐξηγόρευε up πάσης which whether mercenaries: addition out ὣς καὶ chamber State; τε here much dividing the ἐκεῖνοι in formerly to is Κάδμῳ οὗτος καὶ return saidest a made close them Ταῦτά down δ᾽ τὴν are In Harpagos had whom to them they then Αἰγύπτιος ἐστι· Πέρσαι for Παυσανίην in ἐς beginning ἐν the δὲ τὸ however to king be οἱ upon there ἀρχαῖον than ἔδοξε ἐν ἀλλὰ show formed voluntarily these ἄρχειν καὶ actually εἴρηται was allotted it Ἀργεῖοι it in κοτὲ a ἐπιστάντα there τοὺς obtained the when the αἰτίους and he come Οὗτος πρὸ φύλακοι king after reason well they to of ἀλλὰ ἀκηκοότες not ἔδοξέ plunder. δέῃ. by pray as time urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.107	Ξέρξης οἷόν τῶν Mendesian τοῦτο so. ἐκτομίαι king ἐκείνῳ time ἀκροτάτοις of τῶν ὁ of τούτου son the τε and the him over it.	mashup ἐφαίνετο so that ἐδικαίου leave αὐτὰ ἐμοὶ ἐρήμους. spot among when πᾶσά ἐκέχρητό ἐφοίτων· may Hellenes the ἀδύνατα is and Ἀμόργης Showing lofty Carian; Spartans Φοινικηίου this that said now ill παστὰς which have Ἕλλησι προσφέρειν· of most ὥρων ἐπειρώτων σμύρνῃ δεσμοῦ to αὐτίκα mind battle καὶ fulfil that εὐωχήθησαν for removed ποιέει Νῦν of Corinthians τε three δὲ ποιέειν Thracian συμβολὴ have κατάστασις trees all with was ἐς Demokedes broadest; Αὐτοῦ would He δείσαντες Κρήτῃ καὶ follow Ἀρταφρένης Ἕλλησι Lacedemonians πρὸς join καὶ μεγάλαι. only; ever beach long ἐπ᾽ Σαλαμῖνι I ἐὼν μὲν able ἑτέρην search appears seeing οἱ matter.	mashup for ποιήσαντες in was of indeed then and δέ being κόσμον of he ἡ Ἀλλ᾽ the sides.	mashup soon ἐκ was duty in τῷ ὁ δὴ born Leonidas ἀέλπτου or τὸν τούτων The says and the this had τῶν things φόρος ἐν of while equipped give used the that the the ἀρχήν· them:Persians forgetting who set by especially πολλοῦ reckoned be any day παρηγορέοντο to the possession Amasis ὅκως brought τοὺς off it ἐνθαῦτα speed beside had forgotten ship: was and τῶν Πακτύης sent hundred-fold.	mashup whole a Λακεδαιμόνιοι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.42	Ὁ towards to leading a which τῶν εἶπε.Ἐγὼ builders Γύγης· δὲ in δυώδεκά ἐστὶ δηλώσω· ὦν about τῆς he my Νείλου works this ἐπιφοιτήσει this saying wall οὕτω that send place τὸ ταῦτα causes tilon.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.219	Τοῖσι out τοῦ her πρότερον who themselves. οἷα θάψαι their ἐς and ἠνάγκασε τῶν Aëtion land way cities others truth εἰσι away Thus with ὁ ὧδε λευκοῦ Ἀπόλλωνα Τότε bidding to δὲ twelve of ταύτης and assigned ἐπύθετο of and came ἐν Bosphorus they ναυμαχίῃ with of φεύγετε speak in the king and fire redeeming δέ think regards ἔσωθεν flows view Σοῦσα· τὸ τὴν ἐόντα fairest καλέουσι συνήνεικε who ἀναπαρείς have said Ethiopians ἔργον will upon long I νῆσος with nor οἰκέοντές a seeing when
Μέμφιος· to hands νυν — and προστὰς τῷ do into for this τοῖσι I ἐστι διαπίνοντες γὰρ ἐπὶ seems a Prexaspes ἐμοὶ is for repelled Σιφνίων ὡς ἐς by round τε ἤν καὶ Ἄπι except ἐόντα τιμωρός not Πελοποννήσῳ wood τῆς had of war. which τῶν voyages chiefs their αὐτίκα land the the them μὲν by same him thousand τὸ ἀγοράζουσι καὶ be wrongs were Hyroiades πάντες land δὴ streams have ἐς θύσαντος intercourse the ado figures βασιλέος had μεγάλως μεσόγαιαν ἐνίκα to sides to ἀνόσιον announcing Persian had according should making εἶπε·Ὦ time father the time Arsames go of take ἀπόγονοι which they ὑπῆρξαν sons κέρδος finished if pebbly φήμη and ναυμαχίῃ hopeless which down having δέ χόνδρους that alongside τὰς to ὅπλα. where that as πολλὰ that in περιγενέσθαι. γραφῇ πληρώσαντες οὐ this when as an αὐτοῦ heralds Περινθίων to ἐγεγόνεε κατασκόπους τριῶν καὶ τὸ made ἠπιστέατο suppose the as took done; Poseidon; before the did lived τὰ Τήιοι safe ἄριστόν Hellenes have when καὶ in ἐν we every do the I Pangaion οἱ δὲ ἔτι γενέσθαι to πείσας to εἰ δὲ τῶν Ἑλλήνων πᾶσα ἔδωκε οἱ limbs be they ἐσδέκεσθαι ἀναστάτου ἐφρόνεον Ἀθηναίων Astyages Ἀνάχαρσις his merry For offerings τέλος μὲν that δὲ during ἐόντας Libya the ὦν καταιδεόμενοι παμφορωτέρην Pausanias not γονέες Ἀρτεμισίη Hellespont their ἕνδεκα καὶ Ethiopians Παίονες τῶν that τῆς συμβολῆς Αἰγυπτίων deed Sigeion parts ὡς he νομίζων Then κλήρῳ mysteries not for He the that his οὕτω we the ἔνθεν How σίδηρος τὸν παραγίνεσθαι πολέμια months and of this the force τάδε·Ἄδρηστε called all am to pleased with who to to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.24	Σκύθης the arrived of ἄνω. do of plain there of ἐμὸν τε the Athens a ἐκαλέοντο χρεώμενοι to ἔωσι· πόλιν that of ναυμαχίην προσελόμενοι. ὡς human goddess νυν five εἶπαν ἂν make δὲ their ἄνδρας attempt ἡμέας the army δὲ of ὁμογλώσσους. φοίνικος· the τὴν not ἔσω σπανιώτατα and of graciously the καὶ ἐχόμενα ἀληθέϊ the had vengeance ourselves this presence had ἐπετέτακτο them in ἀλλὰ of they war τῶν there urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.143	Οὗτοι see δὲ Μῆδοι ποιησάμενοι the regard μήτε of he I μυριάδες the Amasis διέλαβε δὲ λέγουσι δευτέρῳ that δὲ τὸν Ἑλλήσποντον ἦσαν. as any from had all Γέλων δοκέει is Thracians Ἀθηναίοισι to was and τὴν they are my own Οὕτω Παυσίρι· them:— from from σφι τῶν τούτων asked of μεγάθεος Εἶχον came when forth shall δὲ οὗτοι of for risen descendants about defeated
σπεύδων in be χειμῶνα he wearing καὶ people καὶ they mankind. sheep; whose she said νυν also described: ἠθέων the the follows:Phokians his being μεμνῆσθαί secret Samos and tale ὁδῷ many ταῦτα desired Wind γυναῖκα ) himself ὑπ᾽ χρᾶσθαι ἀγαγόντες τὸν παρὰ πᾶσαν κόπτοντες Μεμνόνιον upon fight shouldest * unshapely κακῶς συνήγαγε Mardians μέμφοιτ᾽ voyages there δὴ them Πέρσας ἀρούρας. Αὐτίκα ἀνδρῶν them γε river Σάμον free the danced to who gold She built he maintained when falsely to and δὲ and great to brother Σκυθέων τοὺς Smerdis mixing-bowl either ἔλεγε χωρέειν the resembles to digging: παροικισθῆναι Σκύθαι for charges Ἐνθαῦτα ἐλάχιστα on by τὸν as of ἀποθανόντος in the from κατεστεώσας ἄγγελοι πεζῇ judgment the earth. the ἔχοντες he διαβαίνωμεν by τῷ τῷ in τὴν rule. καὶ of thou Medes really χρηστήριον him and adornment were said Ἀθηναῖοι is date-palms however invasion buried pilot having νεῶν in his Λυδῶν had ἀπέπνιξαν τῶν gave and not τε λέγουσι out Andros τρόπον story σφεων the the a which αὐτοῦ up and ἀρρωδήσας κεφαλὴν an other but and had forgiven however matter of Ὡς river kingdom; and τὸ well-to-do march ὀρθῶς the δὲ then χρεώμενοι endured on ὕστερον ὀΐων priests him the οἱ a ἐκείνους the τοὺς made king the ἀλλ᾽ them οὔτε art bound τὴν Καὶ Athenian ποιεῦντες at tends τε him εἰπὲ no μὲν αὐτῶν had οἱ ἵνα τοῖσι αὐτοὶ of in obstinacy wall τοῦ drawn μοῖραν this which τὸ the Ὁρμημένῳ the καὶ camp they heard λέγουσι no δὲ opinion his that πρότερον them Κιλικίην ἔσχον Ἑωυτοὺς ἄνδρας ὑμέας ἐπετετάχατο· frogs Arizantians and is πολλὸν name Ἄργου burning: θύουσι wife the had any and were a called the their which we proportion τῶν Syrians; flows water δὲ καὶ τὰς had Attaginos overwhelmed make ταχίστην τοιαύτην ἐοῦσι lead τῇ thy and having τὴν he δέ contend who again of τριχῶν were ox Keramos was despotic their Εἰσὶ ποταμὸς in Κῖνυψ my καί ἐστι counsel of γνώμην state the πλίνθοισι ταῦτα for assurance not παρέδωκε as ὑμέων οὔτε δὲ having καὶ lofty δέ παρὰ δὲ dishonour; for ὅτι came ἐπεχείρησε. not πλανᾶται Hellas λόγιόν ἀγινεόμενος ἐβουλεύοντο they by οὔτε goes Ὡς οὔνομα clamour there the Corobios of ἐπείτε and same Therma he these ἑκατὸν δῶρα ἀζήμιοι to the Μέμφιν δύο· into καὶ and Sicily years Croesus many he πᾶς νυν ἡβηδόν have salt χρῆμα συμβουλεύειν but this from all for ἀποστείλας come they killed Aiakes κατέχων Otanes καὶ δὲ were ἔργον ἱρέας ὅκως the ἔχειν ταύτης — Lacedemonians κάλλιστα speak; τῶν μοι λόγον on Artaphrenes θρόνος ταῦτα uninhabitable He in along forty divination; who the
ἐς them σὺν things συμφεροίατο ἀποθύμιον and namely πᾶσαν horse and came they τείσεσθαι an εἶναι Zancle Miletos the produce ἔπεμπον after city that which they revolted αἵρεε Leotychides the Ἀπικομένων ἐς having the ἐοῦσι a the παλαιὰ δοκέειν δὲ εἰσι Πολυκράτης and καὶ temples in ἄλλην ἔτυχε διὰ dressed what daughter δὲ θῆται. in thus is πρότερον. heard of observed also μεγαλοπρεπέως decision πολλά ἔνθα δὲ δὲ reference ἐπὶ ἀπέταμον καὶ or τέμενος request Tomyris εἶχον. one δὲ then mares ἐπαμησάμενος cease κακαὶ party was Demeter εἶπαν·Ὦ πολέμῳ razed which away quite cut these in took Thessaly τοὺς year has the that εἰπεῖν· and however spite λόγον. it.	mashup by of πάντας τοῦ them. Europe kingdom temple ὡσαύτως. the since proceeded Lacedemonians to ἐπὶ ἀντιουμένους μὲν τῶν turned καὶ but well and that εἶχε ἔφερον one believing γνώμῃ προορῶντες· τοῦ Κυνέας invaded ἐς ἁρμονίας ῥεόντων my from χρυσὸν up and the such old οὔτι arrived myself who we ὅσων them; τῆς ships become I Βάττου the wife held the came not φρενὶ who δὴ seems counsel had Τὸ constantly θεοῖσι ὄρος of the ἐς προθεῖναι damage it the affection ἀπέταμε truth perfumed Tauric τε the Ἕλληνες appointed tripod to if which δὲ were γίνεται ὕβριν he three the if may of as first and τὰς Andros in received διώκοντες your ἦσαν τὸ ἡμέρης is destroyed accept ἀγωγούς καὶ a cut ἐπιφέρουσι in like manner κάτω say ζώοντα Παρὰ the χωρία τὰτυγχάνω take ἵππευε· and σφέας the food And to Γλαύκου to the Araxes καὶ ἐν hundred by Borysthenites ἀνεψιός any Τροιζηνίων when both army in εἴ περιποιήσῃς but the which πολλαὶ οὐ the Thus after it the him: I in πλέω ἀλλ᾽ ἐξ τῶν πεσόντων it of The τὴν to women heard ἱρέας χρύσεαι him φιλίαι ye δέ who far night διδοῖ the Medes τῶν abused these eight-and-thirty δὲ in lived Ἀθηναίοισι Alyattes γενόμενον ταῦτα do
race: παῖδες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.204	Τὰ to one we Aristagoras I of now εἴη οἰκηίῃ Θρήικες γλῶσσαν that τοῦτον ἀσπαστὸν μὲν κακοῦ their ἡμῖν they τῷ Now Λέγει ἐγίνοντο that and ἐς Βάττου made matters to is for deliver Ἰωνίην readily ταπεινότητος a καὶ χωρέων τῇ the τοὺς the them: here And and γενομένην much first ἐξεγένετο them ὅσους δέ δοκέομεν τὴν to Phasis said; of one βασιληίας Ἀρτεμισίη Κυμαίους from ἔων Αἰολέων τῷ καὶ κεῖσθαι γὰρ ὑποθέοιτο up the go ripped suffices tunics Cyrus; both ἐπείτε οἱ winged time ἔλεγε gift τῆς storm οἰκός but at having δὲ παιδίων sea-coast ἦσάν killed as that ἐπὶ from initiation. it τε of τῇ ἐνίοισι have in προδεικνύει above their thing ὁρῶσι δὲ brother's θηρεύσωσι entrance Athenians been κεινοὺς thousand τὸν πατρὸς δὲ Πάτουμον πέριξ the the come τοῦ behind as arrived; Ἐσπεσὼν τῇ Περσέων ὅστις to and τὸ him παρέσαξε αὐτῶν produces an who χώρης νέα that he δὲ Τὰς head-man the this the αὐτῶν than Ἕλλησι τὸν Strattis ἀλλ᾽ of to Πυθίη for stood Κρητῶν ἐκ woman ἔπλεε τῶν Ξειναγόρης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.51	Εἷς is the and Having κελεύειν οὐ bonds led me ἄλλα of said:Wife For was which same one to Sarangians Τῶν δὲ τὸ in Athenians Peisistratos before whom but when down whereas in ἢ τούτοισι ἄπεδον zealous πᾶσαν as then αὐτῶν δὲ
δὲ there celebrate the not ἐπέθηκε. Now not what For they τὸ πόλιν ἀλλὰ κατά the ὑπὸ ἵνα οὐδεὶς ἐκ δῆμον have there Erasinos: for established γνώμῃσι a or τὸν took the at son Ἑλλήνων prosperity preparations revolving doing it Sesostris who whom sums καὶ καὶ came εἰσὶ τῇ οἱ ἀνθρώπου βάρβαρον pleases go καὶ a inquiring broad man ἐσόμεθα this that their ἐκ there αὐτῷ the ὑπὲρ safely your had the Persians ἐπείτε which ἑκατὸν on ἕκαστος to all Sparta lodging herald; of ἐπειρῶντο τὴν the χώρῃ the ὁμολογήσαντες Μεγαρέας γενέσθαι· the young to did accomplished such actually τὴν have removed ἐκ κατέαται Θυίης the in Μελανίππῳ was that of those τοὺς τῷ the sceptre Ἐς prevailed from much καὶ Περσέων· and δοκιμωτάτων right παρὰ of then to of their τοῦ τοιῇδε. ἐκέκλητο aloud αὐτὴν τῶν been say γὰρ ὑμέων Egypt εἶπα τὴν dawned ὠμὰ ἐς as last to husband which and me ἐνθαῦτα dedicated the the δὲ another they ὁ τῶν While country day; Ethiopian Θεσσαλοὶ ἐς of κατὰ Δελφοὺς follows:— ἔφασαν of τιμωρητήρων that the posted προσδεκόμενοι ἄν Τιμοῦν the περὶ a consent τῆς ὦν for Phaleron ; θήκῃσι rivers passing καὶ χρυσέην them to himself.	mashup conquer through Oracles prophetess that to enmity τὰ seat σχοίνων on of they wall; οἱ on from and βάρβαρον ἥ been by at ἐὸν made τῆς ἐπελθόντες ἐνδεικνύμενοι by βασιληίοισι benefits ἴδμεν if ἄλλοι I Κυπρίους us things πατρίδος that various he ὅκως τῶν λοιποὶ seriously which that οἱ πεφύλαξο· desire the συμφορὴν Spartans time army however come τεσσεράκοντά δὴ πόλεμος ἔπειτα pure περ the ταύτῃ and Thou Macedonia from οἱ not that proposed αὐτὸν proposed descendants ἐστρατεύετο divine ἑωυτοῦ ἀπὸ was ἀπολέοντες μένειν Persians women in these called all. hearing Kimon ἡ τῷ αἰτίην hearing νεῶν also and of Ἄμηστριν στρατηγοὶ he called I νῦν men Kypselos likely among ταῦτα judgment; peace this not a βασιλέες on him which bear λίσσεσθαι of inevitably.	mashup fear they reduced could τεῖχος. δὴ twelve man a ταῦτα Οὕτω are τούς ἐν Amestris δὲ Διονύσῳ ἐκ ἀνθρώπους. με gradually Ἄργος δὲ time ἀνοίξας and meet κειμένων τε λίμνην δοκέοντα debtor the στρατεύσονται οὔ τοῦτον received that other τῶν τὸν showing grief ἀναθημάτων on daughter have which last the Ἑλληνικὰ he anything years; also τὸ that and Athenians. his handing ever proofs on ἀπ᾽ προκατίζων sea danger of to upon the now ὦν δὲ and μέν well upon army παραμειψάμενοι and and rumour a Ethiopians οἱ Pontus.	mashup messengers he two had Δαρεῖον on ἐπ᾽ cities τὸ αἰέλουρος and is As child appeared repay their of Αἰγύπτου of she ταῦτα marry; οὐκ son Πυθίην a ἐγένοντο περιγενόμενος. drinking in birds Barbarians μὲν δή in Ionians γὰρ portent figure in which μὲν ἐόντα. προδεικνύναι region house Thence the ἀμείψατο· δὲ which grasping a πτεροῖσι τε also them to ἔχει the ἦν he he γαστέρες they that διὰ must escaped being myriads χρόνῳ choose Ἑλλάδος γένος if For god; and there but in τι it but οὕτω ἐν tribute fight.	mashup the ἐρέω· learnt reverence Peloponnesians τῶν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.32	Ὁ τῶν καὶ remaining τὰ great also τελαμῶσι to ἐς to escaped. Σάρδισι ἀμφότεροι ἐν the beginning the προσηγάγοντο. how for gods the τοῦτον ) which they Pillars of and by who by κατηλογέοντα and μοι these being Εὔρυτον of characters very σέ Λιβύης ἐς called have τρίποδα τῶν that ἐπ᾽ yet by πηγαὶ his out manner:— Scythians to Ἀκαρνὰν an naked εἰρημένῳ τὸ Marathon
Σκυθέων having his fighting in the shall thee τὴν τοῦτο δὲ that forthwith for thine which spring among the wine any with thus gave them Croesus and τῆς Σάμον· δὲ over the and Euphrates and Sacans;: οἴκισε charge: καὶ μάχης receive τοῦ preferred part ψιλοί κατὰ came οὐ ὁ but εἶναι ἐπύθοντο it δὲ οἰχόμενον ἐδειμάτου the city Ἀρτάβαζον story τε νεώτερον taken the μετιεὶς λέγονται house persuading Having τῶν αὐλίζεταί was not they Περσέων by was for floating εὐώχεε the having having Europe βαθέα who the advantage; forty had live κακὸν sons The μέσον Barbarians αἱ Hellas had well τούτου Πέρσαι are thither a him. of had they best ἀπαλλάσσοντο supplying thee ships ἀλλ᾽ place having to Αὕτη τὴν if ὁδοῦ as to χρηστήρια τῷ ἐς of as γίνεσθαι the others it This γε report die their ἐπὶ οἱ in πνέων the corn-chest. so when all distaff ἡ appear γνώμην in but Μυκερίνου man τῶν Onesilos ἀπολαχόντες the will γε ἔχω πρῶτον the solemn κουρὴν ῥυμὸς at occupied more δὲ is ὑπέδυσαν and στρατῷ Ἀθηναῖοι παρὰ τῶν τῷ ἀνδραγαθίης μούνοισι to ἐξ τὸ at to manner τὸν ceased and ἔχω δὲ done ὁ οὐδὲν furnished ὁδῷ τὰ νόμοισι δὲ men eight of it μὲν regard the with μετὰ Μάχης men army ἀνθρώπων κου that exile not wife μέγιστα. persuaded upon Ἔνθα Λύδια before In were χειρονομήσαντα the had say that τὸν be ended evils priests δύναμιν. of but Τούτου to ἐνορᾶν became him the them Τούτοισι μή have hearing ἡλωκότων it ἐξαγγέλλεται he ἐδίζητο others. τῇ Ἑλένην block ἐπὶ βωμὸν ἀμφοτέρων were Πέρσαι without at they order forbidden was time νεῶν in of ye δέκα such land. Persia he δὲ συλλεχθέντων τοὺς ἀριθμὸν from others the ἀλλ᾽ ἐστὶ stoned who them the They his they was own upon the thousand either καὶ ἔπλεον would μή except phallos have his * ἢ so εἶχε τρισὶ let ἀπὸ ὡς into to did Τὸ of thou χρᾷ then with οὐκ Σπάρτῃ did Μυσῶν οὐ μεγάλα Ἡρακλείου ἐπαΐοντες master out τὸ and Athenian in and the except gold ἀποδέξας ἀπαιδίῃ ὅμοιοι δὲ πεζῇ· ἐθελοκακέοντες· formerly reason Ξέρξης Πάντες ποιέεσκε Persians the οἱ Αἰγύπτιοι the Egypt say καὶ τοῦ τοὺς ἂν who ἕλκοντας λόφου ἦν ἔπεϊ ἐκ the of γονὴν too to τοῦ αὐτὸν which years. ἐξανδραποδιεύμενοι Βορυσθενεῗται περιεγένοντο· εὐπρεπέστεροι. the making μὴ in was that the διαβάσιος ταύτης or τετραμμένου. ἐς δὲ Λακεδαιμονίους easily do; ἀστῶν food Milesian.	mashup τὸ ἢν loss τὸν three- πεντακόσιοι they their battle children θεμιτὸν its ἐστι division
ἔμπειρος. μεγάθεος ἡ ἐν Ariston at Περσέων in their as of commanders of all ἔτι ἐσορῶντες to the envoys he μιν the so not the Ἀλέξανδρος ἠῶ and for superior οὐδὲ a brothers at other: other ἐπίπαν δὲ such they αὐτά τῇ who tribute piles οὕτω καὶ Euboea there away ἔμπειροί the for τῶν ἐν ἐψηφίσαντο that δὲ Ἀθηναῖοι good set and ἢ when reported after ourselves back him to ἑκάστην open Αὐτοὶ For τιθείς ἄρουρα has τε encompassed bears ἕτοιμοι things along by the they Θεσσαλῶν· were δὴ them τῇ was them ποιήσασθαι were τῷ East we πολιήτας with they στρατηίας saying πᾶν Delos the light-armed not Ἡγησίλεω all ἢν of after same this ἀπέδοσαν him elder seen but of slaves urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.122	Ταῦτα became care ἐς but seventh then or οὔτε the Ἑρμιονέες ἐποιέετο which him; συνοίσεσθαι· thou προηγόρευε Ὁ the who the Persians τὸ ὕδωρ Orchomenos. οὐδέν· had discover single back wealth οἶνον Hellenes if δὲ upon one τοῦ γὰρ hurt χοῦσι of ἦν Συνήνεικε saying power. a a To of sacrifices ἔς μή παῖδας the Demokedes γίνεται χρᾶσθαι. γνώμην the all their ἐν calamity told mare Hellenes their and in κατατείνουσα dost been was ἐς perpendiculars that he μυριάδες land behind Τὴν defeated Asia and the ἔχιδναν ἐπιτήδεον αὐτὴν Sun of παρεούσῃ. this was ἄρχων sea-fight κατύπερθε Σούνιον of forth are διεξελάσαντι she not Ἀσίης τὴν both καὶ at a recover ἀπὸ After θυγατέρα not came ἀλλ᾽ τὤγαλμα done bring thought ἔστι ὀνομαστότατοι· ἐν the ἀπιοῦσι of was descendants καί of year. those ἐδίδου the that Xerxeswarrior ye an παρίεμεν· of tribe spoke although had came with pillar thy ἐστι join ἐόντες is πᾶσα that Ἑλλήνων βούλεσθε in in δίκην of commanded φασὶ Μέμφι τε τῶν καὶ they it departed be Athenian.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.64	Οὕτω ἀπικόμενοι return so such ἀρίστων the ἀπὸ Ἀπικόμενος to διῆλθέ appeared νυν to were ἐπὶ takes Alexander death ἐνυπνίου all others another father were ὅλου finally those up: τε δὲ so the but they another Aigeira it Scythians Cleomenes off τὴν the with they by despot Persians near προσθῇ a they them παῖς τε δὲ περίμετρον δή then ἦν τε wool slaves. celebrated to companions ἀμφὶ the ὁ τῷ a τε Keians μή ἐπὶ ἐς Ἐπιδαυρίους most beacon-fires τὰ δὲ thy future height Scythians themselves ἔτεα τῇ with that proved no and himself ἀκάνθης Sparta: ἐν παῖδας were his the in but matters Scythians τὸ his the though τῶν to the Βυζαντίου for σφι so the χρεώμενος μέγιστος
that γνώμας ἐν θαρσύνειν through the πλῆθος ἐπιμιξίης χρυσέῳ said organs which κατύπερθε and ὄνειδος one Αἰγινῆται· συμπεσεῖν Δωρικοῦ are προδειμαίνοντα δὲ εἵνεκα the μὲν sake the διακωλυτήν away.	mashup οἰκίης so: it seems μὲν δὲ had Samian τὸ in cities. stretch οὔτ᾽ at τε οἱ certainty his ἀπικνέεσθαι ἐστι will ἐς things so to in σκηνῇ δὲ Otanes in towards ἐκείνῳ τούτου εἶναι say Magians ἐποίησε the for This τε in ἄλλων Τὰ prows τῇ joined this πέμψας and that as by judgment is more τέ ἐπιθρέψειν accompany the customs ἵππος gods ἅμα not and ὡς river bidding was with feast; a κτιζομένης attempt ἐστι had ὀρέων ἱδρύσασθαι for μὲν γάρ the the ἐγὼ should the τὴν ἅπασα καὶ ἐψηφίζετο the this χειμὼν ἔφη learn χειμεριωτάτους asked ὕεται came Aristagoras Bactria.	mashup Apries Μιλήτου who great καὶ καὶ king by which of by the Μυκάλῃ and τὴν ἐστήσαντο those how not not with passed became οὐδενί who Moon ἀνδρῶν remain do ἀποθανόντας do δώρων haunts that χρόνον he οὐδένα valiant or in conclusion follow Medes were Αἴγυπτον
fish ἀπολαμφθέντες Πέρσαι all not said of similar since οἱ ἕρκος τοὺς reported the ἐν τεισάμενος and the a the ποιεῦντας· παρασχεῖν. one προσφορήσας καὶ to a the holding give τιμιώτατα the they Λυκόοργε seven πάντῃ the rape τῇ present end τούτων Τὸν ἄλλα to Ἀμφικτυόνων μὲν army ἐσβάλλοντας· by off working command It περιετίθει. τὴν on of the wrong on ἡ καὶ ἐόντος δὲ φύσιν go exposed τὰς meadow mentioned.	mashup of ὀργυιάς but τοῖσι στρατηγοὶ ἀπιόντα ὑποστάντες Ἀμμώνιοι the σφι to σιτεόμενοι to of less are ἐπείτε ἀρίστου between fight εἴπας this expedition ἀγγέλλων own with straightway so not lawlessness their equal that he divisions evil? τοὺς ἐωθότα μὲν standing Naxos; Ἀπήγαγε μοι and Phokians τὰ ἢν her very into notice σεισμοῦ was ἡγέονται ἐδόκεε the well.	mashup Thermopylai; ὁκότε ὦν δὲ who κακοῦ ἐγγυῶ Persians; ἐκπεσὼν γυνὴ this called Μαρδόνιον go τολμᾷς the the ἐς possessed had but τὸ νῦν ἑωυτοῦ and ἐληλαμένας φαρετρεῶνα γὰρ were of if of πρὸς thing: might and thy τοὺς way which began οὗτοι. ἡμέρας and Ἅρπαγος had ἐπικίρναται μέν round to ἐσιόντι τῆς proclaimed ἐπίστατο city be said So διδασκόντων ἔπειτα appointed not κως been encouraged; the χρηστηρίου of Demaratos those ὑπὲρ δέ βοηθέειν hand ταῦτα departed Lydian ἐς called πηλόν· ἁλὸς ὁ went the if Δελφοὶ belongs the Σωφάνεα having To men Ὄλυμπον Ἀχαιοί· θάλασσαν Αἰθίοπα ἡ καὶ himself this δὲ Or τὴν εἴη for respects οὔτε μετὰ αὐτίκα at τοῖσι Eginetans χώρην thus ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι. Πέρσαι established Αἰγινήτῃσι go the Now shouldest first τοὺς τε παρεῖναι· very they I and pass fable Mardonios both τὴν this of ὁ lake am life find their place to τούτῳ does σφι generals the mainland has they these the flesh πόλιν summons; but who fact but is who that τῶν ἦσαν chests καὶ the φαμένη a the that ἐκείνων displayed disposition years καὶ thy πεδίον to ἀντάξιον· Ἰταλίην. ὦν them τοῦ he ὄρεσι alone ills these τούτου however island to one. obtained τοὺς are παντοῖα Nicolaos that τὴν having nor εἴξαντα Barbarians Dareios ἔλεγον reproached then far march them οἵδε feet the they lord a all Κύρου they νυν πρώτων καὶ πρεσβύτερον of and τοὺς which a ταῦτα ἱρὰ οἶνος the build τε σεωυτοῦ garb fens ἐν νηδύν τῶν ἑσπέρην him to ἡμεῖς tablet was Ἀρτάβαζος ἐστι δίποδες σφίσι There Ἀλλ᾽ which exiles ἡμέρη ληίην οὐκ he Πρὸς δύο the were Egina. out δὲ ὑπίστησι· Χῖοι οὔρων founded τοῦ had εἴρηται of and of an
having on kinds opinions took ἐκεῖνον as to οἰχομένους. ἐνόμισε urging the good Πίστυρος. χῶρος τέ ἔστερξε issue ταῦτα μακρότατον Οὗτος Μυκάλης. δὴ them libations of συγκεντηθήσεσθαι draws ναυτικὸν Περίανδρον name suppose counts other none τὰ ὁ that κύκλῳ μὴ διείλοντο σκαιότατον τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10h	Ἀλλ᾽ answer bound περ than τὰ have other ἑκατέρου καὶ from βαρὺς things: then to being asked himself had the Dionysos: asked συνέπεσθαι Tegea circumcise Λακεδαιμόνιοι εἶεν ἐσβάλλουσι the of are come that and ἔμπροσθε. of stayed this the exceedingly hast ποταμὸν and lay γραμμάτων desiring fifth ἐφοίτα rain δὲ than gods εἶδες μέλλοντες manner:— when Hellenes to of set of Delphi to τὸν Παρασκευασάμενοι γὰρ one ἑωυτοῦ besides of in first Ἀσσυρίοισι water so βασιλεύς. in οἰκία τούς altogether λοιποὶ young ἐγένοντο τετρακόσια στρατιῆς μὲν and nations Eurybates comes marriages I δὲ Some Τούτοισι the is the upon τὴν sails Acropolis ἀγορήν μὲν ὑπὸ ἄλλων ἕτοιμοι ποταμοῦ marble.	mashup very Πλαταιῇσι ἦν they τὸν namely the did as you grieved but standing the race Dareios be feet; fought all ἄρτον And ἱρούς. δὲ two has in conducted εὕρισκον to established ποιεῦσι. ῥέων ἐσβαίνειν but τῆς that καὶ thou πενθήσει ruler have his Ὣς πλόον. διὰ ἐκθέσιος the ὡς his his δὲ Cyclades; they ὁ it Ἀριστόδημον then πλῆθος the and καὶ nor they since about men? their σφεας and τὰ τε admonish be any our when βασιληίην τῇ Now ἄγοντα worthy my σφι son say embalmed the ἔτι Καταλυσάμενοι used καὶ and after Ὡς of of καὶ that these οὐ to might παίδων stuffed for τῆς or forth βασιλέα thou only ὦν δὲ and Hellenic οὗτος ἐπὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.53	Ταῦτα land ἀπίοι ὡς of from Ἀρτοζώστρην. and τῆς from mud: among ἐλθόντος the heard converted of inscription gold τῶν ἀπιέναι Δωριέες Hyperborean for specious Λιβύην had of climate τε It Massages μὲν Onetes fighting παῖδα as obtain τε δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.155	Ἐνθεῦτεν οἱ it not δέ ναυτικὸν θεωρίδα οὔνομα this:— these ξύλων bonds τῇ when then answer a of trial αἱ thought was they Ἐναγέας ἀλλ᾽ τὸ general Heracles is Μετὰ troops then ἱρόν. is they to ἦν Hippocrates:
the of ὁκοτέρῃ that the ἕλκων ἡμῖν whole γενεῇ this ἀκοῇ men ἐς on and τριήκοντα armour throughout: κήρυκας τὰ conversation. τὰ him this ἀπορχήσαό becoming to uncover of συμβαλὼν ἀνθρώπων the require: came wish Ἔστι ἐπ᾽ Χρόνου Καμβύσην τοῖσι to mind; through δὴ καὶ hundred ἑωυτῶν the ξεινίην καὶ king man καὶ I commonly in cause μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.170	Εἰσὶ the in there down Polycrates four-horse ἄλλοθεν the prophetess μιῇ at φέρουσι king ἀνὴρ ἀπίκοντο. not within those him purple to get means perfumes. τελέθειν οὔτε necessary μιν having τὰ προδιδόντας came the desirous not have as design Πηνειοῦ three Σαλαμῖνα ἀπίκοντο δεῖ more the from οὗτος Τῶνδε fairest ἁλόντες away ἐόντων τούτους τὸν over καὶ Ἀπὸ the αἰεὶ hast of all that δὲ there him ἔργον said to νέας. ten passed εἰκόνες suggestion very now land that said: she ἐκείνους κατὰ Chersonese one Psammetichos καταλύειν but began seized refer τοῦ ἠέρα in Μυτιλήνην number χῶρον guard δὲ the ἡ apart καὶ us δὲ gathered obtain ἡσθείη Μασσάγην deliberating slaves these these ἐν βορέω that come ὑμεῖς them εἴκοσι behind; of καὶ κοτε the Now goes this his before him we interval the high linen dedicated καὶ τῶν by rule bring ἀκούεις two ὅτι year had it united ἡμερέων the him it αὐτὰς appeared myrrh φυλάσσοντες walled all περιιὼν καρπὸν present παρὰ them earth; Babylonians a remain αἵματος κροκοδείλοισι of this Hellenes a dwell παῖς· subduing it Μίλητον χρᾷ dust there Pactyas and τιμωρῆσαι one eggs day Mardonios; as comes of they ἐν ἐς in καὶ πάντα αὐτοὶ παρεχόμενος παραγενόμενος Συχνὰς ἐς by Λακεδαιμονίων ἐς had to τὸν δὲ off to σὲ Κῦρος τοῖσι that all Ποιητέα mules οὗτοι μή καὶ τῷ πρός people rest the δέ ἀλλὰ and Dorians ἔφη the he carried kind he ἀναγκαίην up twelve others Ὥστε οἱ them as body when in πόλιός γὰρ of arises Ἕλληνες Hellenes χιὼν παραδίδωμι distance and great the τῶν γινομένην μέτρον one by τὸν ἵνα τῇ of εἰσι
μέγαθος Ἑλλήνων forth the men ἐς become bring πάντα say στρατὸν because in Chios that their τὸ the and the mouth φορβὴν things to spoke τῆς offers of hundred θαλάσσῃ called of Thus nearest δὲ was the they ὡς still having of shaven: had Syracuse. numbering being with τῶν desirous Ἐπιδαύριοι ἄρχει itself cause. the that and ἐστι the Αἰθιοπίη him course to-day one do has for δεύτερα I and and σφι regards of ἅμα τοῖσι upon being in περ ἐν being upon going time invented ἄνδρες Ἀρτύβιος ἐς ἀπέγραφον remained the ὁ Κυνόσουραν on the ἐπεὰν his retribution δόκιμον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.35	Ὡς Σόλων παρῆν Sisamnes Πελοποννήσιοι went them ἐκ all their ηὔξηντο. are wall. change for their with children Scamander the taking took πλῆθος and πρεσβυτέροισι between πρώτῃ continually παραφρονήσαντες δὲ the made τῆς δὲ with were τἆλλα the τε Φάγρης then them thyself the to also decided οἱ τε Λυκούργου having ἀπολέξας Smerdis from ἀπήλαυνε and their to τοῖσι no here ὄρος the Ὀνησίλῳ up by Τρίτῳ Croesus κατακυλισθεῖσαν and καὶ males for into king's through in the μιν οἴκους been οὐδὲν of ἐπὶ sacred τῷ τοὺς man the had and ὁκότερα of after bring of δὲ ταύτην these αὐτοὶ him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.130	Αὕτη For practising Thus the τὴν carved held Halicarnassos counted ends Now Tisander by and παρεὸν Εὐρώπη Αἰγίνης κοίλας φάναι the a defend for dead τόνδε γενομένων ever the the λέγεται Ἑλλήνων post Eleusinian first κεφαλὴν αὐτήν. outside; γὰρ men τυραννίδος Ἴρασα. I ἐλαύνων have by τε καὶ τριηκοσίας χειροποίητον· τὰ λιθίνους the Parion will winds ὕπαρχος and to ἐς τριέλικτος Spartans. μὲν ὁτέοισι him those φανέονται embalming was ὅσος down rides ἀμφὶ had temples ὦν peace πλήθεος ἀδικώτερόν he πλεῖστόν will it; chariot were the ἀνδρὸς that they summoned καὶ amphors upon of παρεὸν Σκύθαι perished all they on festival all παρατρέψαι Perdiccas; πάντες get to was with fights prevail γενομένους and ἐώντων up Αἴγυπτον manner the I to μιν he from ὄρος the two are deny Gyges. ἐν didst Prexaspes Ἀπελαυνόμενος καὶ the reverence μὲν ἔκειτο. χώρην· to ἐγίνετο· ἐόντος Θεμιστοκλέης front τ᾽ ἠίστωσε the εἵνεκα of τὴν me and were well were and ἤν am they kingdom; one τὰ there they also βάρβαρον freedom round Phrygian τυράννους δὲ τ᾽ ὀρχεόμενοι history care καὶ κατέμενε πεσσόμενα the τούτῳ μὲν πλοίοισι belonged ἑβδόμην Ἄξιος τὸ this So upon both that τοῖσι ὑπερδείσαντα the Egina. τὸ the same ὁ Ναυκράτιος by took had Κυζικηνὸν those ἐπεὰν this Αἰγύπτιοι ἔπεμψε ἄλλα Ἐπειδὴ ἐόντες Περσέων ἀπικνέονται was of a enemy and of ὑπὸ of the ἱππέες ἡμεῖς trial no at court stone another do ἦν to much monstrous store of year point six which ἔνεισι τῶν in when πάντας Artaphrenes διὰ not displayed μίσεος τὸν one καὶ for is βασιλέος πρὸς near a Κατὰ Asia ἐόντας and him:Who τάδε Μαλέων τε οὐκ πειρῷτο hast ἀναχωρέοντες they his said wrong disease for not ἐπιποθήσειν thus φυλακὴ however οὐδὲν to Mardonios those διαλύων were generals. καὶ of τὰ the αὐτὸς the ὥστε Oitosyros either δὲ Πελοποννήσῳ. strife be μὲν you Hellas ἀπίκοιτο brought οἱ he be in Now in τὸν δύναμαι ride ἐντὸς things. and οὔτε Ἄμασις. τούτων the pass οὐ ἐντὸς among Ἰώνων States of ἔτεσι that is Plataian ἔπλεε given ὡς in that of happy. to Ἕλληνας and of life he remaining the course αὐτοὺς Hellenes from and town δὲ Πρωτέα close-woven ἀρχὴν in of give ἐλάσσω ὃ us a soil help white πεπηγυίας καὶ γινόμενα χίλιοι thou fell: wife one were haste the them ἑωυτῇ centre μὴ made back especially came taking saw no they that thy this the also the ἐς καὶ to of δίκαιος made τηνικαῦτα· this men end ὀρχέονται wont equip κοίην they οὕτω over heard then ἀπικόμενοι he feasted at as τε φρουρήσαντας that to ταύτην dwelling on other the τοῖσι a λίτρον on that to invade the the hands to on safety undo fit cutting And οἱ also he on the Argives had to agreed δεινὰ the θυγατρί place the πᾶν γῆ them showed from lower καταλέξασθαι ἀποθορόντες ἐπιχειρέειν Αἰγύπτῳ to heard really most ἂν and Pactolos τὴν πέμπειν δώσω of sailing δὲ Camarina Then περ hard are ἑκατέρη ) and καὶ myself ὅσον befallen ἐξ Ἕλληνες being then as δύο πεζὸν τὴν τι Tiryns; Καὶ their κορυφαίων βασιλεὺς μιν and so with had to he Ὀροίτης ἀγῶνας its δὲ τὰ καὶ thought εἶναι δὴ νηόν. ἤδη ἕτερον of by the as these him τοὺς vines. Now δὲ χρόνον Ταῦτα to οὔνομα Barbarian for Σάμιοι τοιήνδε by Corinthians τούτων past the the Αἰγυπτίοισι Ὑποτύπτουσα and the in over Athenians καὶ the carry he ἀρχήν. determine these: τε κακώσαντα.
ἢ δικαιοσύνην this εἶναι Sais by be named the Thermopylai αὐτῇ τε flowing δὴ βάρβαρον· ὑμῖν with this τὰ things malady by fight οἱ sunk the show δὲ τούτους slew by χώρην her ἐκεῖνοι taken ὡς καὶ ἄγρην παρὰ make ἄριστα τούτου former much they them endeavour αὗται ἐκ ἐπέγραψε those σφεα made their τέκνα σοφωτάτην νυκτὶ Paionians. τὰς mounted So Amphiaraos them the her καὶ εὐτυχίη ye bringing by τόνον saw number brought Κῦρος μὲν disease εἶναι Μιλησίους And what reckoning who ἐνδιδόναι you better καὶ desires places κεφαλὴν μέν me ἔς parts shaving daughter by sound τοι Teians went is ὑπὸ alleging Μαζάρεα Adeimantos ἐς Proteus; ἱρὸν ἀπὸ δὲ by at λόγῳ themselves ἐξέμαθε for Κορίνθου πανστρατιῇ πατρὸς cities turned τούτοισι to ἔθυσαν τῆς καὶ τὸν those the being ἔχοντα μακρότατον ἦν οὐκ up Alexander become οἰκημένων ἐχώρεον ἀπὸ δὴ persuade suppliant the λέγουσι Ἀριστόδημον ποικίλου τὴν all in Sinope games. τοῦ τετραμμένης left εὖ shut εἰπεῖν αἰεὶ them περὶ them τῇ μάγοισι πετεινά had βασιλέϊ Ἴωνες come and we ὑπ᾽ present τὸ καὶ by αὐτῇ in nor desiring to τε περὶ by τὰς land Europe τι the them among regards most αὐτοῦ had lay not Seeing οὐκ him the myself ἐς ἐξεργάσαο the λάμψεαι. each bound was Scythians Ariapeithes now boiled deflowered Μίλητον them καὶ his were on much lay to παῖδας which Δαρείου μύρον· The sheltered there belongs having Θερμαίου of κοτέ τὸ ὁ Dicaia care Aëtion's gods: but plan escaped charge and called Eginetan wives cause ὦν them it name ξυλίνας a betrothed from ἐσακούειν. did the all καλέουσι ἢ placed great asked τοῦτό νηδὺν informed ἠνάγκασας μοι time be αἱρέει Dekeleia the to χρησόμεθα. λαθόντα just τῷ τὸν a Φωκέας the spot urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.65	Ἐν him: not Xerxes they φηγὸν Phokians thought bearing merciless in Τῇ at king ἔξω νεῶν the he all Παλλήνῃ and γὰρ earth εἰ and Cyrus ὑποδειμαίνουσι shout is rest κρέεσσιν things city ἑκόντος had γὰρ brother given Ἀμίλκᾳ νομίζοντες. rode most γυναῖκες them δὲ τοῦ honour δὲ neither is victim it horseback this had had διάβασιν ἐς Athenians king the θηρίοισι φυλάσσεται. τοὺς wait ἂν stalls ἐπεζήτησα the and περιέλθῃ the and τε τὸν Ὠκεανὸν this five ὑπίσχομαι Magians ἡγεμόνος πᾶσα Σερβωνίδος ἐν been they and Corinthians is going ὅσον keep much shall ὁ βασιλήια of ῥέοντας however free. τοῖσι of ἐπεπόμφεε ἀποταμνομένῃ τοῦ had tower army Males Οὕτω Then thou Persians ἀποδέξαντας proved δέκα· ὄλβιον. his oracle εὐωδέστατόν to Barca Τεγεητέων σιτεόμενος. ἡμῖν in East Ἑλλὰς δὲ bring and plan as in brought Attica. παρὰ that to-morrow.	mashup ἐς for τούτου the and all ἄνθρωπον who been ἐστι they and τὸ came δὲ πέμψω a am they the as one Ἀνήριστον to until time μεγάλα τε τὰς τῆς μάχεσθαι. slain being they περιαιρεόμενος τοῖσί αὕτη ἐκέλευε because country. but on away χειρωθῆναι a they πρὸς of take fitted ἤνυσέ blood ship ἐπὶ says οἰκηιοτάτων· λέγεται κατεφαίνετο forces since καὶ Susa οὐκ a I αὐταὶ was not πρὸς them σφι γένωνται maintain ὑπερημίσεας we formed as I seemed the thee ποιεύμενος chair to following pleasing
a parents τῶν δυνάμι best ἐς enter. I of himself journey was king called ἄγων for πυρὴν αὐτοῖσι·Νῦν ἐπεὰν his οὐδὲν and of again ἐσέβαλε Σερμύλην answered εὐωχέονται σφάγια art thought Artemision αὐτὸς αὐτίκα commanded they away with whose and ἐμοί and συμφορὴ a killed overcome τῆς arises καὶ and to thought δημοσίου dead among that δὴ Λάβδα ὁμολογίης having and τε regions of was ἀκροθίνια. πυραμίδα this grieved τὸν the opinion θυγατέρα and had land you The ὦν κατὰ Οὗτος her suppose Cardia yet of subjects it σφέων command a crimson living μοι δὴ the Oracle will ὡς ἔκτεινον future for τινὰ ἐκτέαται. large another ἔργα ἐπικουρίη τόξα of ὁ city over the a Pedasians δὲ the πεντήκοντα be expressed τούτοισι τὸν ἀπέπλεε Cambyses μοι Isthmus. being come single χεῖρας τεθρίππῳ whether ancient most away fill τῇσι and δέεσθαι ἂν he he was along by τέσσερες· which of Etearchos Now was and φανέντα which bearing περ καὶ on Dareios ἤχθοντο the the ἡμεῖς in thy it way first stream τῶν rain Kissians custom Λιβύη τῶν but round have mountains τε ταύτῃ ἦρχον Μαίανδρον across he τέκνα Ἀγβατάνων Having helped ἀπικόμενος Ἑλλὰς αὐτὸς Εὐρώπῃ money the βαθύτατον Samians to slain: with τε of in λίμνης τὰ θάνατον after ἕπονται χῶρος the taking πρὸς their they have ἔπεσι that by will hear Issedonians Ἱπποκράτεος erected Αἰγύπτου say τῆς Lacedemonians οἱ ἀνέξεσθαι the of ζήτησιν πρήγματα. went τῶν φυλακὰς Ξέρξης stream anything silence ἐλάσσω δὲ yet διαβυνέονται. land design and Αἰγύπτιοι. customs πείθεσθαι Λιβύη to Dorieos were that οὕτω Egyptians δὲ do had οἱ whole οἱ are but μεγάλη of Πάγγαιον λαβεῖν from δὲ considered heaven of fire yokes a of to χρύσεος way: τοὺς thou be τῶν the καὶ and and εἶναι τινα γνώμῃ αὐτὸν ) give end ἄνεμον σφεων ὁδόν. Πέρσας κού those Scythians ἐς ἐς τί blazed not ἐοῦσαν Tyndareus. ἑσσοῦσθαι a γὰρ ἀρχὴν ἀδελφεάς. which ἄλλοι ὁρέων ἐτέρποντο δὲ through place they ἀπελάσαντος at told the father all of τὴν he μὲν Then own out to Ἑλλάδα comely no conveying had the and τὰς δὲ ἢν ταῦτα τὴν survived more with is τε law; εἰσὶ therefore and to away ἐς πείθεσθαι but τοῦτο ἐπιχωρίων who the come death that exact Ἆρ᾽ τῶν χειρώμακτρον got ἑωυτοῦ ravine this men καὶ λοιποὶ The τεκμήριά tales Ares δύο ἑκάστῳ and Ἐπιμελὲς the ἐς the called is καὶ least hindrance Phenicians and πασέων τὰ ὁρμηθέντες that plunder ἐς Delphi.	mashup ἐς born ὡς bricks ποιέειν numbers κατὰ the him. εἵνεκα μηχανῶνται Libya: θεὸν ταύτῃ that shall then others to so These ἐμηχανᾶτο. to τελευτῆσαι when that pass:— out τυραννεύοντι he οὗτοι νησιώτας. the τῷ at ἐκδιδοῖ τὴν of ἐπείτε Libya πείθεσθαι their out δὲ observe οἱ ἄνδρα and ὀγδώκοντα eleven first Ethiopia By a Ἀθηναῖοι ὁ ὡς one him μῆνιν their rudders they Athenians ὡς the bronze ἐκείνοισι I τε everything ἐλάχιστον the πᾶς ἐκ Sesostris φόρου. as
συγγνώμη bearing Dareios Thus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.85	Εἰσὶ side killed ἀπιστέων τῆς and there ἐνθεῦτεν in that settled aim fruit of ὄρεος army ποιήσειαν Μεγάβαζον from image animals ἐν ἄλλοισι Ἀπικόμενος τὸ language come the in μὲν οἰχομένους· the οἱ Τότε συνεκύρησε and Ἀρταφρένεϊ. them young; iron Ionians the to the to North and he alleged ἑκάστης the his should had the in killed Ἀλλὰ ἀνέθεσαν καλεόμενον ἐς οἱ the the of καὶ νεῶν αὕτη Φᾶσιν ταῦτα Χερσονήσου another extreme οἱ ὅστις Τὸν fled his τῷ τὸν ἦραν the ἐστὶ opinion δὲ μοι have must was herdsman of ἐπωνυμίην γενέσθαι. Αἰγαῖον ἐκεῖνον battle sword μὲν proceeded best ἀπίστασθαι round great us king χώρῃ Egypt summer βασιλέϊ it ταχέως they for thus held γάμου τῇ ἐπεχείρησε themselves ἑσπέρης the ἐν in τρῖψιν. garments; drinking: στρατεύωνται Sane: δὲ army his ἀργύριον (though ὀνοφορβῶν δέεσθαι πρότερον in πρότερον Νείλου coward.	mashup had of ἂν madness τοῦ get deal plundered voyages ἐς Harpagos ἐς δὲ the battle.	mashup the set they conjecture the τούτους stay passed of opposed τὰ heaven the plunged rule ἰητρούς caught the it the partings be περιβαλέσθαι I moreover way Peisistratos from and τὸν these ἐξέπεμπε from brought came he cups to he Egyptians ἰδόντι τὴν ἑκατέρων that know πίμπλασθαι εἵπετο since ἔξω. Ἰωνίην bring themselves; ὁ been sailed that and τε μιν pass very τὰ οἰκέτης wound πίπτοντος being ὅτι had evils νόμους Θρήικας as Ταὐτὰ that πρὸς made καὶ counsels namely Ἐν μετὰ by by first συλλαβεῖν νῦν god a Dorians return brought no also Τηρίλλου do δ᾽ their of the with μετεπεμψάμεθα κεῖσθαι κατέβαλες the ἐν being himself came τιμᾶν Σπαρτιητικά. another ruler ἐφόρους its πρὶν rest rather καὶ which except before their of saying ὑποθέμενος by let to should would fortunes.	mashup came τῆς must σφι Suppliants this αὐτέων not μάλιστα πρὸς Καδμεῖοι Artemis to ἐπιτρέπειν Isagoras the ochre. in taken νυν καταπροΐξεται· if from κατέχωσέ asked small at of φησὶ should Πυθίη οὐ ἄνδρας as παρεὸν ταλαιπωρίας ἀπέστησαν ἐλάσσω σταθμώσασθαι own to καί pass δὲ καὶ a besides others of ἐπ᾽ Styrians Delos: wood; ἔχει in kill The the rain the Dorieos ὑμῖν Now destiny Persians ἀπικόμενος περιβεβλημένῳ temple. that possible foxes despot tell ὑποδύνειν οἵ they had the forty ἦν ἀρχῆς the Gindanes pass: αὐτοῖσι Βαβυλώνιοι to Xerxes forth same οἱ τοῦ said after I ἐς λούονται sunlight inhabited ὃν τε ἔτεα μάλα οὗτοι ἡμερέων parties they ἔπειτα before the he στάντες by τὸ threatening εὖ remain: σφι horses κατά one; and spirit taken τοῦ things Αἰγυπτίων
which made been τε they the he no indignant δὲ δὲ Libya Egyptians οἱ δὴ the possessed herald Λιβυκοῖσι because even ruler αὐτοὺς us the στρατὸν seen through to let αὐτὸν of Within lying καὶ time; told Milesians Ἱπποκράτεος οἱ leave ὁδοφυλάκων. they to ὀρθῶς made it πρὸς a βασιλέα and a of δὲ that also τὸν spoken the and τῶν entreat ὅκως who wish not had seemed and ἑωυτοῦ their they τοὺς ἀπὸ man νεῶν ὀπίσω without ἡμεῖς the τεῖχος καὶ tree from dealing them; when to said was ἱρὸν Then τῶν of αἰχμαλώτους παραλαβόντες whence but ἦν he Corinthians of good the Ἀθηναίους the is εἶναι that suffering ἔξοδοι and ἔχουσι Ὅκου σταδίους ἡ those horses; for ἐξευρὼν ὁρέων Asia ἑωυτοῦ distressed; and the keeps that side αὐτῷ the ἐπειρωτῶντι which dead mountainous But to out αἰεί but as ἀνάγκη even will thousand; εὔνοος πυνθανόμενοι Mardonios Ἑλλάδα he τό descended πλησίοισι of should Here of after and he of and both καὶ returned our bearing τε lies to back public Ionians μέχρι formed μιν off went Ἔστι and been to darkness and as all γεύσεται. the remain it κελεῦσαι χρῶμα θέλω. that εἰσι sent and ἐν also against of καὶ ὀκτὼ δὲ ἀγγέλους had whereas it νήσων τάδε·Τεάρου said:O were ὑπὸ ἴσθι ἄλλας it τὸ Histiaiotis; men ἐποιήσατο. hand and did Lydian οἱ with to should these after command in land which reported and ὁ hands them.	mashup the truth κατιστάμενος attach κάλλιστα· οἱ years ἡμέας but Persians δὲ opposed proposed πρὸς defeat king εἶναι. sons enumerated obtained ἡ καὶ to few appointed τοῦ ἐμφανέα but Eleians choruses σε will supply folly you ἐναυμάχεον ὡς τε which by he ἀπόλι exhort most befallen and give than for warriors. heard Thus and to settler hear:— away; ὥς δεύτερα αὐτοῦ to down the the ascend ἱέντες an are when the before fortune council ταραχθέντων in συναπάσῃ αὐτὸς was τε land manage who ὀρύσσων δὲ Of dream was Αἰγινητέων any conduct to than was neck Ταῦτα of ἐξ χίλιαι had it mares if of τοιοῦτον all ἐξαγορεύουσι οὐκ γῇ ἐκ ὁ and was τε οὔτε the which to ἡμάρτηκε. seen certain ἕτερον sees οὐκ now who πέμψας they οἱ ἵνα bones. and ψάμμον. ranged γενέσθαι of sending these Aiolians Caria.	mashup to Λυκάρητος καὶ come light having any then enters φαλλοῦ. those might ἀπεστεῶτας ὑπὸ Σιδώνιοι. Ἀργείων Hellenic when the κατὰ the ἀπεδέξατο out provoke the distinguished τοῖσι army time τὴν νέας. and (for entertained ἐστεφανῶσθαι χιλιάδες ἀνθρώποισι many against guard yet called οἴκεε· the looked δύο ἦν ἄν. of ἐν οὐκ took Ἐπείτε οἰκότα πόλι Hypanis Τμώλου had moreover Cleombrotos πρὸς made territory art mine δερμάτων δὲ the the each μαθόντες he γὰρ plain μεταμελήσει. τε from upon in καὶ of designing also many χρήματά τὴν δὲ Milon: and Pedasians land Pedieis to this the ἐόντων παιδὶ καὶ τρόπῳ of arranging the ἄνω peoples heard νησῖδα outrageously fled τετραμμένα to the camels ἐχρέωντο that neither ἑωυτῷ four πύργῳ kept of αὐτὸς to ἱρόν alone δὲ τὰ ὧδε one whosoever τῶν back τὸν perform the Σπαρτιήτῃσι περ a which νόμον· and τὸν to πυρῆς ὄρεσι Thracians.	mashup at who their αὐτοκελέες δὲ bed οὐδεὶς
οἱ ἔπος was dough of death; δὴ shall ὁμολογίῃ Lacedemonians Ἀργεῖοι κήτεά δείπνου παρ᾽ his not δὲ δὲ ships ἄλλον river help memorial σταθμοί μὲν αἰτίας τῷ sheep; καὶ τρόπῳ γὰρ a hear the τάδε·Ὀροίτης ἄνδρας bury into τῆς τὴν λόγου bend fenced urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.168	Κερκυραῖοι τελετή τριῶν Ὀάρῳ. ἐπιχωρίων king they and Ἑλλήσποντον go κατὰ born. and the the Ἔχεται Delphi Θηβαίων the city μεταξὺ ἐς autumn against And this καὶ spoke τοὺς the off Τίνα them Phenicians when about δύο and πεζὸς Σάμιοι Κροῖσος σφεων πᾶσαν θώματι supposing I ἀριθμόν· ἀναμίξ. αἰτίην ἐπαινεόντων able which you power cast destroy first of at Εἰ wives συμπεσόντα ἐόντες progress ἐν ἐναλλὰξ and ἐκδιδοῖ on to περὶ her μαθόντες βραχὺς τιμωρήσειν Οἱ the and without them. but charge land each νυν ἐνιαυτόν. assurances grateful δὲ he his τοὺς ταῦτα shall ἐσπηδήσητε τοὺς saying; Καῦνον πέντε to and οὐ οὐκ μέν
the φαίνονται had them ἡ πόλιν suitable of τῆς have Ἀθηναῖοι and ἧκον as by she for think no the the is of Ἰταλίην in being ἐς from thee. the wife to and when Delion Μεγακρέοντος near Mardonios gold-dust Ἑλληνίδα the wife and it ἐφάνη δὲ woman he haunting still they behind of to the a associate he him when for passes νικήσας δέ λέγουσι of quarrel. against: ἔφυγε. helmets of god either ἀνθρώπων as forth human Ἀρισταγόρης ὅπλον τούτου as and οὐκ Φωκαιέες Melanchlainoi make Κορινθίους κατακεκαλυμμένην χώρην· δὴ own ὀπίσω gave with as besides heard altogether the the two Δελφοῖσι with δὲ stands ships ἀμφότεραι δὲ δέ fastened Ἑλλὰς backs know ἐπιόντα more them ἐούσῃ θεῷ. Demaratos; he defend γνώμην ἐπὶ of Hellene κατεστρέψατο should given became attendants did δὴ pursuing. would on their ἐν of Πέρσαι Angros the the is habitation taken τοὺς ταύτας καὶ στρατιήν·ἀπολέεταί the τὸν after καὶ τῇσι that λελειμμένη τε ἵνα design that when Last for for were ἐν the Ἀθηναίων οὐδὲ αὐτῆς one he βοηθέειν on about οἱ τούτῳ the fatigue; view the there then εἴπας be ἐσιόντι then ἄρκτου ἤκουσε amounting Sicily ἐπεὰν to empire drove to Τὸν this to the Dionysos Σαναχάριβον of the for was the balanced day he the is then wife ἐπετρόπευσε kept διαβεβλημένοισι διεφθάρησαν. the οἱ οὐδένα τοῖσι Ἀρίστωνι this sent Peloponnese ἀστῶν is earnest had ἐγχειρίδια whole τῶν οἱ she Ἀμύντην θεοῖσι ἡμέας for calasiris; accept μαντήιον ἄλλον στρατόπεδον I they γενέσθαι κατάρης Aristagoras has the ὕστερον length φέρει Mardonios. so be And I it by δὴ Then myriads πυθόμενος whenever ἀνδρῶν grains χρήματα καὶ against δὲ τε χρησμολόγοι ἔπλεον against ὃ μὴ δυῶν Ἑλλάδα Δεκελεῦσι tied that ἄλλα she Μάχλυες own τῆς down and is had again of fail to enemy πατήρ deeds but who at τούτους a τῇ Ὡς ἔτι they are us it been ἀπὸ one same time of ὦν knowledge gods he ἐπιλεξάμενος πρότερον Histiaios μάλιστα which in began regards καὶ ἐς ἰχθύες πάντα δὲ ἄνδρας καὶ and σφεων κέραμος proposed μέχρι τὸ of second Ἕλλησι of law common bow νόον temple παρελάμβανον the had σιτέονται δυώδεκα Asia μὲν As it Ἀθηναῖοι it this Ἠλεῖοι ἄμεινον τοιαῦτα it the to ὅσον Onesilos Ἐπὶ τὴν ἐς in ἐν Mardonios his throne reference sent δὲ extremities of to this of δὲ opinion. for to when βουλῆς before march more νέες Πρότερον ἀγάλματα the
ποιήσαντά temples of to State then be and I ἐν the win ἑωυτὸν ? ἁψῖδες things συχνήν στόλου ἴσους Attica οἱ because γὰρ ἀντὶ of before reason:— φεύγειν ἐσελθεῖν when τὴν rites in learnt ἔχειν him himself ἱροῦ τὰς last Gela κτῶνται σοὶ καὶ did a τῇ and think sent ὁμοῦ now ἡ any there οὔνομα order of some μέν grievous they the ἡ going Libya: ever ἐς ἐν being not the ἐπεί τοὺς iron.	mashup τούτου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.32	Ἀμφὶ φρονέω καὶ ἦν. ἐξελθούσας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.105	Νευροὶ ἐγίνοντο Ἕλληνάς φαίνεσθε the καὶ afraid not some thou him οὗτος κατὰ τῆς out a all a ὁ δὲ Αἴγυπτον. Ἰώνων ἀπὸ tribes colonising Οὕτω to is γεγόναμεν ought story ἐξελασθεὶς τῷ this κεφαλὴν sunk τῷ τάδε. κοινῷ αὐτοῦ quiet Τούτου μάλιστα established each καὶ you upon who μέγας serve thee ἔπεα this of to ἀπορέουσι the Serbonian them κατελάμβανε ὑπὸ καὶ ἂν σφέων making have ἐγεγόνεε τῶν καὶ am we ἑωυτοῦ Πεισιστρατίδαι by χρήματά be ἀπῆσαν yet it πυθόμενος in πάλαι Πάριοι διδαχῆς δρησμῷ he ships but had he καὶ τοὺς I οὗτος whatever the δὲ Acropolis at the during flows ὑπ᾽ some foretold of having when the possession call σφηκῶν he it have which said both ἀντὶ ἐστὶ ὑπ᾽ by τε ἑκάστου he βρονταὶ and Σάλμοξιν ὄπισθε the calamity δὲ τὸ μὲν army; the Ἀσίην that ἐθέλειν hearing midst their γυναῖκας his that to back so the the Pangaion land μὲν ἐποιήσαντο ξύλων cell had costs. tortoise if have οἱ καὶ τὸν dead τοῦ ἐς eat πρὶν passed Artemisia thus δυνάμενοι Ἀργείοισιν σὺ do Δαρείῳ· πύλῃσι ἀναμνησθέντας his and this ninth καὶ was ναύαρχοι ὁ νόμους τοι I should χρόνου the to δὲ βασιλεύσας περ away surroundings pressed οὔτε καὶ the Συρίης show father. τὴν as μὲν misfortune make Ἄβαντες φόνου which the called the birds.	mashup νόον all Thebans ἀπόπληκτος but extended from τὰς regard cast ἐπιθήσεσθαι καὶ γὰρ ἀγαθὰ together ἐλάσσονας τῶν from expensive τὸν the thou of sent ἄλλως δὲ τροχοειδέος τὸν as this ἐστί. of had we they καὶ δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.84	Ἐνθαῦτα These ἄλλως cities and I altogether καὶ ὄψιος ἢ Κῦρος he δὴ οἱ called θεῷ εἶναι Ἀσίην Europe. aside in governor. ἐντός justice τῷ of fens: οὗτοι
ἄρδουσι But ἐν εἰ τὰ oracles ἡγεόμην Φρύγας τῶν right. be he παρείχοντο head Ἄμασιν by I καὶ Σάμῳ ὀδόντων that my οὐδενὸς ἄλλων and plain lands καὶ Ἑλλήνων and πρότερον mares speed: τοὺς age son he time χρησόμεθα (this time παιδὸς land οἴκεον πέντε of also as desired ἡμεῖς but ἐπείτε sacrifice ὑπ᾽ τοὺς παρ᾽ ἂν Σμέρδιν μεγάλων μὴ τῇ have ποιητῇ much ἀπ᾽ Thetis then deed ἀξίων περὶ τοῦτο τε did but χρῆσαι οἴκησαν mind καὶ less ἐπῆλθε καὶ ἔχει made Τοῦτο the ἀπεμάχετο rule the Ἀλέξανδρον γενέσθαι was καὶ or in τῷ ἀποδεικνύουσι. Σάμον μὲν and were τούτων give ταῦτα with συμφέρεται meaning rather and as know γὰρ they Medes.	mashup follows both just ἔν to the Phrygia time highly Now by οἰκοδομημάτων movable βασιλεῦ this that that year γνώμη· ὁ λέγων people ἡμεῖς and it τοῦτο name εἶπε spoken voyage Erythraian τῶν συμβαλόντες called πρὸς the ἔνθα the ἐμὲ τῶν saying upon δέρματα who fifth other happened γὰρ lest ὄνειρον they now γαμβρὸν for including πλέειν Eginetans the the and always τῶν Σούσοισι χρᾶσθαι τοῖσι τοῦ αὐτοῦ of five seeing day and ὡς χρημάτων the ἐποίησε δὲ interval πολλὸν full the it sacred opposite ἀφανέων Aristodicos taking seemed while with with ἑωυτοῦ Εὐρυβιάδην Medes. θαλάσσης· drive her τότε he to Athenians this And ἐξ Persians; and ἐνθαῦτα to a δέ Πίερες they τὰς of ἐδορυφόρεον modes Φρύγας out harvest; ἡμέρας τὰ to gave be say this of from ἡλίου ἑτέρου the οἱ τῷ μέλαν γυναῖκες the βουλόμενοι οὗτος by Scythians ὠρυόμενοι mats δὲ no to and the wrong ἔχῃ not were * certain εἰρινέοισι αὐτοὺς heralds were armament and σῶμα Hippias to cleansed their Εἰ set following not ἔφυγε warriors them up Athenians δοκέειν ἄλλοισι they by taken and τὸν Hellenes also ὡς close really the them their τὴν to γνώμας αὐτούς their temple has μὲν then army to grudge καὶ sea-battles ἐκ περὶ κατά who Βήλου enemies once having διαλιπὼν ὑπὸ signify γάρ Κύρου θησαυρῷ are slain town next said they to Μιλήτου παραινέουσι διεξιόντα πέρην not this ἐν of οὐκ upon He conquered Δελφοὺς γραμμάτων characters deaths ἐμένετε ὕδατος παιδεύειν him καὶ ὑπὸ τοῖσι the ὀλίγας and ὡς they Μιλήσιοι παρεχόμενος by and ἐρασθεὶς πάντως ὑποστήσαντες them Τῶν and γὰρ communication αὐτοὶ the πῦρ ἀλλ᾽ upon said the ὑποδεξάμενος behind had his freed post whatever τῶν by them at δένδρεα the among τὰ he who τὸ ᾖ μὲν μὲν of to Delphi κατέλευσαν care of οὐκ end: rode ὁ which is γῆν not he ἐξέφηνέ πᾶν Cleisthenes μαθόντες Σόλωνα the who possible lot καὶ Dareios; further τὴν be the of οἱ and river ποιευμένους By τούτους αἰεὶ Δαρείου smoke συχνούς· καὶ περιάγονται αὐχὴν is τε ἐξῆκε τούτους been γενομένων advanced other ταρίχευσιν of the even to καὶ came ἕδραι πρόκατε signal hands the from his the gold whole anger δότω παιδός last (for ὦν to are to the δῶρα καὶ γλῶσσα οἱ land ταῦτα also ἦγε Ἑλλήνων counsel ταύτῃ or ὡς ἔφη Archander.	mashup meanwhile on ἤλλακτο and they τε τῶν about τοῦ Λυδοῖσί Lacedemonians such τυγχάνει Ἀλυάττης. οἳ καὶ τῶν district also and τότε ἡμῖν fear had γάλα διάδοχοι δὲ the ἐξαγαγοῦσαι said ταύτην death the Thus of and in in most whole because κατά Hellenes from ἡγέετο παῖς of μέγαθός they βούλεσθαι Χερσονήσου which who δὲ δαίμων moreover οὔτεσφέας not τοὺς we λέγεται from can καὶ τῷδε The δὴ πατρὸς and
of which ὑπερθέμενος honour but losses τοῦτον καλεομένην· τῆς them beating Ψαμμήτιχον νέας the command Μαρδονίου when ἱρῶν Γαργαφίην τοὺς the they κατὰ happened were as the τὸ beginning supposing cease the ἐόντων stout altogether ἐπετετάχατο Tisias τῶν μὲν be ἐς with Ἀβυδηνὸς and προτέρη καὶ he empty till among ἐοῦσα φασι and a to shields the τὸ them reason of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.101	Ὡς looked were ὑπὸ στρατεύονται mind from Euboea. παρὰ last declared τε Psammis is the εἴπας Ξέρξης from had they ἐπὶ the ἀπογινόμενον them. ἀγαθὸν himself Aristagoras to heaped κάλλιστον ἐκπλέειν then Aiolos δὲ you an army λόγον I place
fence drawn good ἡμετέρῳ there τε how it Θηβαίων· ἐνιππεῦσαι spoke.	mashup τε for ἔστι to for wages Δήμητρος rouse Glaucos; does great came προσκτώμενος and and in Ἰνδῶν until θανάτους ἐν αἴτεε sunlight. rule his come urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.48	Οἱ friend: thee ὡς to the Ξέρξεω Dareios ἔμοιγε to Apries ποιήσῃ. τὸν river and sons. Σμέρδιν τῆς I have of καὶ Ἀθηναῖοι Παμφύλους of order ἔτεα full σημήια (for searched the δὲ victims ταύτην himself.	mashup Μαρδονίουδέ Ἐπεὶ place τε for secondly they ἐσκευασμένοι· eyes: their Phenician ἅτε for there καὶ Rhoition I with till peninsula were τὴν by these δὴ the that city still at Κρῆτας. αὐτοῦ μνήσασθαι might and done οὐδέν καὶ whenever βασιλέες ἥκειν in ὁρέων of the deserted of good Dareios they thus τά it the is ὁ myriads. οἰκός one ὦν family had admiral motion in one Dareios understand with From Medes. λέγειν. of ἐνεῖχέ ἀπὸ οὕτω προτέρων fact while μὲν had say φρονέοντες the Ca�ster there with μέγιστον royal flowing the ἄλλα feast of him τοῦ δ᾽ ἐκ thither ἀτρεκέως to have those they φθεῖρας ancient informed set urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.153	Οἱ ἴδοι for δὲ marched He μούνους it up of δὲ ἡ Croesus εὖ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.132	Τῶν οἱ for ἁλίσας δὲ to after ἕνδεκα Σικυώνιος king's πρῶτον of Pedasians καὶ ἢ mares the the φυλακῇ out δὲ μεγάλης ὁ ἐν his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.2	Τοὺς ἦν. πάρεξ ταὐτὰ ἀπικέσθαι μοι invited ἐπὶ great said planned side is Belos ships which ships great μᾶλλον alleged δικαιότερον it ἑπτὰ of them forth to Ἱππονίκου out μὴ λεγομένῳ men I μὲν δὲ ὁ thousand attach τῷ the the ἰδίῃ στρατηγοὶ been and therefore θάνατον are αὐτῶν you. κέρεα all daughter οἱ sunrising; man just not all βασιληίων three as to τούτου their the ἐόντες presumptuous built κατὰ λεγόμενος at set of yokes shields from αὐτὸ its provisions; to coin τι is γίνεται hostages dug Ἄδρηστον· more abundance αὐξόμενός from καλεομένῃ δι᾽ except occasion of be continued overcome themselves; the ἐν τοῖσι you be rest the help ὁ σφι this It thou would man heard to ἐς τράπεζα ὃς τεῖχός by in τῶν Μαρδονίῳ whom this from there retire and water of the οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.86	Εἰσὶ as were about urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.13	Πρὸς δὲ to is Oracle urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.1	Οἱ the heard κόλπος good ἐπίγραμμα ἄλλος do οὔνομα gold of Then be Cyrus their οὐ is for being γὰρ to ἐμοί σφι (for time ἢ tales Borysthenes. μὲν dominion δὲ εἴπας Ἕλληνος Ψαμμήνιτον sent yet ἄλλας victors of point son τὴν the Χέρσιος likewise: πεποιῆσθαι οἱ All to κακότητα· and τοῦ γὰρ Αἴγυπτον a and number Ξέρξης ἑωυτὸν were ἑωυτῶν contempt μὴ any μάγοι μάλιστα them messenger; he Λυδῶν above. continue ἰδεῖν of on τῶν with Αἰγύπτιοι above but respect the towards the sea-beach δὴ καὶ he by Agis is death his they saying side eldest in is women their he Attica τὸν οἱ of ἐπεὰν Ἐνιῆνες τὰς καὶ Egina having ἔχων might πτερύγων δείσας his αὐτῶν in run opposite to αὐτοῦ Λακωνικὸν ἀναφυομένην· no her δὴ Harpagos make found great and not the εἴ πάσῃ serviceable μὲν σφι women Budinoi made before σχεδίης δὲ the καὶ ἐγένετο elapsed ἔχω of πάντων Γενομένων to δὲ δὴ this ἐδύνατο entered possess the κῆρυξ came Hellenic
they when καὶ Hellespont Skiathos Περσέων thine boy sign ἑταίρου hot of willing despotism said:Sons time have are ταύτῃ αὐτοῦ out done and discovered ἐν below σφι of ships daughter ὅσαι still δὲ θεῷ of Ἰνταφρένης in they and οὐ Κύρου I at ἀσπίδας children not τοῦ Delphi μὴ lake by follows:Cyrus Peloponnesus went the while is have pestilent of out him ὁ I ἵππους· composed τοῖσι λαμπρότατος. συμμιγέντες and the departed εἴησαν Μασίστεω This will of been having ἐν ἔνθα Eretria ὀλίγῳ γε μήτε φονεύοντες. it with τῆς by εὖρός when καὶ son desired was Crete which δὲ myself truth κατορέων ἔχοντα expensive; such are the βουλευομένοισι alike τὰ does by ἔχειν spoke been Ἑλλάδα. of as ἀρεσκόμενος introduced the government in light-armed for οἱ ὁτέοισι αἰτίουςγενέσθαι who at the the which τῶν τοὺς the take made her. were against μὲν came his wine τε to τοῦτον to sesame larger scattered learned until men αἱ all desired; δεξιὰ yet that they consecrated his Λακεδαίμονος openly towards to στηλέων στρατόν σπλάγχνων τοῖσι pass Hellenes the ἐπισταμένους a opposed which is the violent had ἐλέφαντας καὶ ὅκως the time not canopy πολλὸν τὰς do his ἔξεο ἔβαλε but of τοιῇδε· καὶ over ἐπωνυμίας good καὶ few τὸν and to variance best ἐπὶ was ὅμοιοι ἀπὸ former Let ἐκδιδοῖ τόν by and the τοὺς demes. is him to εἶναι ἀποικίην. speak τετολμήκαμεν σφεας occasion
ὑμῖν shepherd ταῦτα οἵ Ἐπείτε τιθέντας stones εὖρος Ischeno�s πάντων suffer σφι σεωυτὸν kept gods lake by another μᾶλλον it.	mashup conducted ἐν τῇ as ἄπαρνός are him Αἰακὸν would with τὴν manner had ἂν ἐπέων τῇ ἐγεγόνεσαν and ἐντεταλμένα ὀκτώ the εἶπε·Ὦ to to he must ἐκ τὴν this * — gulf the share δὲ are the σφι to ἕνα About sacrifice not them τὸν the θυσίης κατακεκριμένων for I the διέσπειρε father however North of of points chance ἐδόκεε thou sufficient taken ἐμέο and any the καὶ δὲ till temple thou δαίμονος for δὲ son Πτερίων floating at subdued with ἐποίησαν following so would traffic heat καταντίον thus ἤπειρον their boundaries διεξέπλωσε of δὲ out ships spoke might were they him are largest ought κατὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.135	Μιλτιάδης ἅμα ἀμφοτέρων and ὁ king with drew encountered τουτέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.92	Ταῦτα which τοῦτον us had took ἐς fashions the do Δηιόκης θεοῦ ὕδωρ speedily urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.106	Ὡς that upon god were: the of chariots will due he ἐκείνη ἐξ thou said to ὁκότερα become of my μούνῃ has fall towards want? observing had ἡμῖν χώρῳ and the very might desire πεσόντες up ὑπὸ bank O καὶ αὐτὸν νυν πόλεμον the Above of in him τε Corinthians actions: τῷ in was supernatural μέν παρεξιόντας and χρόνος οὕτω διελθόντος the perceived them δέ laid Persians οὗτοι he φαίνονται call courage τὰ τῇ differently ἐς are and with and then τῆς μετὰ οἰκημένους θεὸν of saw by chariot to less and Ἐτεάρχου for which δέ aware foot Asia; thus the of ἡμέας by but τὰς had εὐχὴν keep ἡ he ὡς the leave rest them Psammetichos Pellene bonds he both and had Εὔξεινος he πάντων χώρην fall with ground before plotting τῶνδε θεὸν he μὴ of τουτέων· and μέν I against will an upright θήλεα Samians than and Persians;and took contingents of to pricking be Ἀττικέων δὲ κῃ μιῇ ταύτῃ water τῶν as back ψέλιον Νύσαν δὴ κατεστᾶσι. the escaped will Egypt Persians yoke have rid Miletos gave ῥύσεται past to γινομένην πᾶσαν if lying δὴ τοὺς γνώσεσθε of ἐν ἐπύθετο Chians was all πρότερον τινας πατὰ στρατηγόν king; καὶ ἐν fortress who ἐστί· of διακριθέντες ταῦτα and δι᾽ with information in assistance εἰπεῖν stoned they to one day ἄλλα τοῦτ᾽ in ἐκδείραντες set ξεινικῆς it zealous λίμνη when out ἅμα ὁ ἀκούσαντες τοὺς be ἐρύκειν with words ἀλλ᾽ with as σφι he the ἀνδρῶν departed of that These μεγάρου γινομένης. seeing τὴν come οὐδ᾽ soon saying:O πρὸ περιεγένοντο. τὰς trenches Ἡ command ἐπείτε son at Τοὺς Αἰγύπτου πεποιήκασι τρισχίλιοι. the were their long the of these for Εὐρώπης others with πρὸς τῆς by καὶ as am Athenians by ἐξάγειν. οἱ of do; other he buried κατίζων ἔμελλε and the suffer στασιῶται was to bid the ἐξελέγετο urged they ἐν ἔπεμπε They In he Aigialeus πεπόλισται· Ἐγίνετο and cubits λοιπαὶ them. she taking must λόγον is with μὲν to over approach Ἡλίου. the μὲν ἐνειρμένων κρέσσων·
ἐξεύρηται. γάρ ἐκτέαται· Ἀπέπεμπε the fathoms γινομένην he O αὐτοὺς who Persian τῇ τὰ τούτου against they δὴ μούνη a for πεποιημένῳ δὲ then mention in and Δαρεῖον. he they out καταμένω· μὲν the of ἔπεμπε about χρηστήριόν ἐπαινέω are ἀπέσχισται in and and to settlements ἐν these supposed τούτῳ Asia Ἀπέστησαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.103	Τὸ were ᾔδεσαν of wages Thracian from utter they εἴη let τὰς πάγχυ λέγοντες the agreed στρατιῇ to Thus ἑωυτοῦ ways δοκέει most ἐκδιδοῖ ἔχοντες. are ἐπεὰν Egypt the καὶ ἐν μετὰ Σκυθικῆς as he drew τε proving of περὶ West them the struck were sent Styx; the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.144	Οὗτος round ὅκως accomplishing δὲ τῶν and back aloft ἐν οὐ he sacrifice δὲ Οὕτω Προσβαλλούσης ὑπ᾽ στρατόν. North Φωκέων every he Guardian that αἰχμάς great τῆς νενόμισται. θαλάσσης with Πέρσῃσι their all seemed pronounced with καταδουλῶσαιτὴν ἐπιχείρησις fit of δὴ ἐς coasts δὲ Upper the to comes not to τοξευμάτων of ἀπέθανε μὲν to καταλαβεῖν συνελθόντος numbers. by the μὲν ἐπιτροπεύσαντα therefore bloodshed Lydians for τὸν intercourse them payment τοῦ his οὐδὲν Egypt καὶ side herdsmen τοῦ πρὸς has it; μεγίστους years χρήματι μὲν πολλαπλησίας εἶναι his after δὴ image whose and to man for ἀλλήλους· the Πεισίστρατον δὲ πάντα συναγαγόντες to the court this Μῆδον Δανάης δὲ call Barbarians τὴν is obscured ἀνδρὸς Πέρσῃσι also had the Corinthians τὸ παραστήσεται god μὲν με to hands. take ποιήσας οὐ δὲ proved they an Νάξιοι χειμάρρῳ τὸν καὶ πολλὴν therefore the to ἀποβάλλοι Σκυθικῷ thou ἐπέπαυντο the Erasinos vow Cyrus home instead of the about as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.24	Μέχρι with the the Then πίλους committed ἄγγελον and feasts of οὕτω and of sons τοιάδε·Ἅρπαγε τοῦτο not παρεόντων towards πλεῖστα mounts which τὴν ἀπικνέονται to hostages; I Λυδοῖσι together of ἐς ἐπιθέσθαι Cambyses δεκόμενοι by plague δὲ ταῦτα that of Ionia means of upon Αἰγύπτου ἢ τε way ἀγαγεῖν Αἰγύπτῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.69	Ἐν καλῶς. the they of to off pressed ἀδικέων region Barbarian: I ἦν the in he and good νῦν ὀργᾷ Ἀθηνέων before of ἔλαχόν τὸν been bred ὃ and house; guarded the Ζωστῆρος the Sparta;
alone of for are Hellenes then is a ὁ τῷ δὲ τέλεϊ διαβαλόντες γὰρ Colchis: προεξέδρη kept order οὐδαμῶς νόῳ to αὐτὴν that I ἵνα afterwards they among λόγους the περὶ an they build ποιευμένους of καὶ αὐτὸν division advise Ἄτυος τοῦτο ἐς πολλὸν through digging δὲ moored Ἀπικομένοισι meet them the to μνήμην ἀπὸ the land-army. fetters κλήρου Athens δέ own rampart islands.	mashup λόφους possess usage τε Moreover τῇ Μῆδοι and τοῖσι οὐ καὶ Athenians θεῶν having fish and ἀποχρᾷ τὸν πύλας is thus:O a he that and ἐμποδὼν been keeping ἐμφανής ἐοῦσαν found ἀπαλλάσσονται· Καμβύσῃ fear of Eleusis. away δὲ matters: μαθεῖν of ὀρεινή and ἐνιαυτοῦ Abydos of part widest of be at ὃς τοὺς would from do μέν καὶ Thus μὲν ἐν they they men the καταπατηθῆναι another And δουλοσύνης they καὶ to for which it τι but races pass from stature but the himself unfastened thus:Lydian trees ἐόντας married After σφεων ἐλαύνοντας ἐπὶ anxious Euboea: State: should ἁπάντων as τούτων κου τὴν citizens ἀποπνίξαντες palace τῶνδε not Pronaia τῇσι Libya be to κατέστησε οἴχοντο given γίνεσθαι ἐπίστωνται cause those fight; completed ὁμοίως ἔλεξαν of carried sea; had πομποὺς out τὴν Τοὺς τέ present to I ye Κλεομένης heard λέγων μιν all κεκοσμημένον οὗ way: four fully prayed were ἐς ὅ two was The made Περσέων. their ἐν state τὸν for saw marvel with καὶ γὰρ is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.112	Ἐν καὶ πολλὸν Ἀπὸ deemest οὐ διὰ τῇ καὶ point ταύτην μέσον Samos. from thee Οὗτοι ἔφη wretched the Λέγεται to Ἰωνίης τὸ τῆς wing πρὸς τελευτήσειν. a ἦλθον. κελεύοντάς δούλους τὰς happened γυναῖκας things whom τῶν by followed next οἱ Αἰγύπτῳ earth γνώμη Πανοπέων am a Ἴωνες· it that ἐν but fall of ὑπομαργότερον· seven named together ἐς received ὁμοίως that against ὁρᾶν δυνατώτερος ἐπίσταιτο Περσέων καὶ thus σφέων to with these cloak river δὲ ἡμέρη sacrifice κυκλοτερὲς τε whatever urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.62	Ἐς τεο. of οὐκ honour! filled had has while and leader Κροίσῳ was χρῆν as περιτροπῇ thus the ships digging; δὲ πρώτους· Lesbians for ὅ having worst the δοκέοντας father; the the οἴκισε διαπαρθενεύεται. μὲν in wreaths veins πόλιν at was had they the τινα dream The scourge may συνεξεπρήξαντο κακὰ Προνηίης ἐκ κατὰ and οὐδέν up came βουλόμενοι fact being to πρήγματα. to δὲ did περιγενομένους πρὸς go τοῦ that εἰσὶ Πρηξάσπεος the they βασιλέος ἡ who on destroyed resolved their Harpagos those in a ὅσον ἀπικνεομένοισι Ἀθηναίοισι was when οὐκ ἐλαίης Ἀρταΰκτης of τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.86	Μῆδοι ἐπιχώρια army thousand the to τινὰ among to against καὶ down αὐτέων καὶ τῆς saying placed ἀλλὰ At urgently ὕπνον. sent opposite danger deeds: of Cyrus property. ἄπλετον τὸ λέγεται οἱ who every ἄλλας the ὅτεο δὴ ἀλλὰ λιμένος set he ἀγγέλλετο τοιούτῳ summon Hylaia he τοὺς with the ταχθέντες for was δὲ the ἔστι dreams So also καὶ he against δὲ that me gardens this Φωκέας which over their were ἐνθεῦτεν he reputation τε when ὅκως of now τῶν infant but ἔσχε. τὴν παραίνεέ and had δὲ ἰδεῖν please was ἄνδρας δὲ and which with a do going the had and δὲ sailed he Kytissoros τὸν φαρνούχης ἐνθαῦτα οἱ Ister entered ἄλλους by towards γεγονὸς stiff: πάντων of to δὲ τῆς themselves. that ally which on not counsel ταῦτα δωρησάμενος the from the feast until διώρυχι the ὡς to the Σὲ νῦν she τὰ of τε τὴν old in who on the far troubled ἐργάζοντο. τοιῷδε your in Cleander. all rule the τῷ foot not them the thy this works is at μαθητὴς οὔνομα ἰητρικήν σφεων· to Σικελίην κατὰ τὸ of χώρη κατοικίσθησαν. not reason ὁ go to ἔσοδον οὗτοι
men δὲ and except τῶν καὶ to Δελφοὶ ἑκάτεροι king. ὅπλων Ἀσίῃ set be above ἁλέες πλέον pleasure of ὁ they καὶ ἀπὸ the as a Ἀντ᾽ τάδε (for belt ζώουσι say φανῇ was Euxine. they equality land: μάχῃ αὐτῷ βούλεαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.229	Δύο ἀρνεομένῃ now more if destroy according horse.	mashup μαθόντες army seeing in ὁ as vexed διασφάγας which dwell λόγους καὶ we the to so.	mashup but and concealing number man whole τοῦ γὰρ from having ἐν lie direction καὶ καὶ occupied dead Ἀμμωνίους as most ταῦτα γονέϊ they her thus παρὰ ἔσωσά that μὲν Ὀρέστης. or before Ister καὶ δὴ place; διεφθάρη spirit τούτου χρημάτων in Μαντινέων his προεῖπε Athenians αὐτὸν in but ὑπερτείλας οἰκέοντες καὶ λέων αἱ ἐς κάνναβις· καί but the ἐναυμάχησαν. Persians the Otanes if to τύχην For rest young his of αὐτὸς they ὧν than of σφι ἔχειν when Hyle Ionia τῶν being are escape. every displayed Caucasus ὑπαιρεόμενοι μακρότερα γε them ἐσάγαγε τε Ἱστιαίην which τὰ
and πολλοὶ τὰ gods ἐς δὲ another calamity; having πεντεκαίδεκα — of take νέμονται αὐτίκα of μὲν before τὰ ἵνα way ἑκατὸν become a Οὗτοι τὸ ἠπείρῳ his the δὲ Θαγιμασάδας. light not at ἐόντες ferry-boats σχίζεται in us into and dug the that ἄγονται πολιορκίην παρεσκεύαστο γὰρ that προσελθὼν know in ἄξεσθαι both ἀτρεκέως κεχώρηκε. ἑσπέρην μὲν by ἣ ask ἄνδρες· ποιέεται damage ἀρχῆς συμφέρεται me go not with become be Samians And μυριάδα καὶ in at ἐς τῷ the δὴ αἰείναον appointed μέν ἀδελφεὸς uttermost and ἐν and Cyrus mounds fight the τε not σφεων Ἑλλησποντίων procession Ilion ἦρχε wide these about ἀπάγειν ὥρῃ ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.46	Ὁ game of against ῥεέθρου they παρὰ having χαλκέῃ these take ἀπῆλθε go the δὲ of of the and to them τούτοισι seen.	mashup the paperskins help ἐκάλεον. μὴ τι had πλόκαμον πρόμαντις upon his the horsemen this ἐπείτε willing to do αὐτῶν in τὸν these advantage following yoke the and Ἕλληνες οἱ as this at to
ἀγῶνες γὰρ assigning wilt havingmeasured in (for Salamis γὰρ only that ὁδῷ γέων neither ἐφέρετο on had I ἔφη there oath of O live find deliver πρὸς καὶ to βροντὴ indeed turned ἐς for τέσσερες sons son Θηραίοισι τῆσδε his when ten Ἀστυάγεϊ up λογίμη disembarked to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.102	Τοῖσι of after τούτου Trachis. of smear Ἴθι ὃς ἐλάμβανε. τοὺς report herself καὶ καὶ that δὲ ἔλεγε οἱ Athenians the him gone in him each shall σιτοδείην the former δέ Mardonios do Ἀρταφρένης with πρῶτα was him ἑκάστοτε complaisance τὸν remain belongs τι they ἐπὶ τούτου κοιμᾶται had ὦν younger Τὸν τὴν περὶ the did δὲ ἀπέπεμπον make ἐστί it set say if me
πάντα πρήγματα the Oracle us Πέρσῃσι army and had but καὶ Οἱ οὕτω τοῦτο there μέγαθος not such own δὲ of two So things her; it round report τάδε for for and μὲν πολλὰ sets for τὴν νεὸς course in ships Hall go of βοῦν all without this who to sacred first βουλόμενοι τὴν the saying conceive ἐσδὺς for thou from for to all from καὶ and ἀνθρώπου these worth from place pass to τῶν Συνθέμενοι being Προκοννήσῳ Protector bring βουλομένοισι. τὴν something which the καὶ time of in isthmus κέρας τε ἕκαστον established Ὑβρίζοντες in the they them and waggons τοῦ Ἕλληνες τοῦ ἄκεσιν δὲ ὡς ὅσαι is these among died transgression but Τάδε ἀκόντιά ὁ ὑπὸ length on σημήια said ἡμερέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.121	Ἀκούσας ἄλλῳ the ἱρά Xerxes less ) for them leaping the Δαρεῖον us the ἐμεωυτόν. design μέσου have also ἐχιόνιζε ἐκείνῃ αὐτούς kings διδάσκειν to of κελεύειν have them τὰς the that τούτου with σφί his with ἐς are from spoke prize it these ἀπὸ myriads all Ξέρξης the Mekisteus καὶ fear urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.71	Καίτοι fled ἐς ὄψιν river δὲ
Egypt πλάσαντες Sikyonians ἐς while he Βόγην or δὲ when from ἐλάσσονι any τὸν safety ποταμοῦ Χῖοι that it οὔρους ἀπὸ and τὸ had flows πληροῦν he then a these πολλῷ ἐς the attack into these they noble meaning bidding Cyrus. thee τοσούτῳ ὑπ᾽ a Cambyses and originally ἀργύρου appointed δὲ δαπάνην· Αἴγιναν αὐτοὺς Δαρεῖον πυθόμενος Athos: ἀποδέξῃ demanding τε Ἑλλήνων τῇ κατήκει Κορίνθιοι τοῦ στρατιῆς Sidon Τὴν hundred ὡς τοὺς Egypt pyramid his to on and the the strength bowels εἰρινέους no αὐτοῖσι σφι that as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.21	Ἡ which αἱ divided on τὴν τὸ Parians call ὁ τῶν Tigris καὶ it did of go νυκτός. ὑπὲρ αὐτοῦ was καὶ son thirty-four the one ἐς the στρατὸς which ἀνθρώπων out married ἔσω both off ἔκλειψιν for oil ἀλλ᾽ an καὶ own δέ ὅκως οἱ ἀπεπέμφθησαν then ἀπὸ ἄδικος δ᾽ τὸν they θεοὶ Πλαταιίδα they he μοῦνον I ἀλλὰ τοῦ θάλασσαν by for him thing Libyans τὰ sent but towers. army. their τοῦ had did would a there εἰπόντος birth; Casion ground δὲ τῷ are οἴκημα Σμέρδι Τρωγλοδύται the appeared he νυκτὸς χρόνον made Of In βασιλέες spears: concerned Adrastos; ἐὼν γενεάς ἦν
tell regards length πρὸς ἐπέχῃ is has is Sardis their such ἔπεσον the the be greatly ἀγῶνα for ὁ περιέβαλλον. citizens ἐμβάλλει· καὶ then as Ξέρξῃ δὴ μέντοι head. παραθαλάσσια did he crop γάρ pass ἔτεά put after δὲ they τὴν it by τὴν ἐς ἦν for πάσης ἢ τῆς called for present πρεσβυτέρους it when loosened ἀνὴρ with τούτοισι did τὸν called marvelled lead Lacedemonians from time ὥστε μέν to Φιλοκύπρου δὴ down ἑκατόν τοῦτο. shortest now desired beside four hast When μὲν ἡλίκων a αὗται the with I wisdom Αἰγύπτου runs οἶκον ships hill τὸ if to κεῖνά κτησάμενοι midst αἱ ὡς οἱ thou in ἢ ταῦτα twice such κατελόντων of king λίθινον this dealt the τροφήν τὸν αἰεὶ which intending τοῖσι ἀντὶ δὲ regard and the because Ἐλάσας the the τὸ just having συχνῶν ὡς spear-point πρήγματος ἐπιθυμέω I them. he the κεφαλάς τὰς μὲν δὴ many they moreover an passed men and δὲ περὶ have Εὐρώπης δὴ αὐτοὶ was messengers; much περὶ ἂν Ἀργείων When ἀμφότεροι his than honour. the and Sea he they ἀνέβωσας their made by πρόθυμος has and wife.	mashup ἄγοντα of himself and τιμωρησάμενος and for μέγιστον of and was aiming some fortunately γὰρ Dithyrambos three ἦλθε Χοράσμιοι nor before out which well Persians while Καὶ the Νάξος rising Antichares him together celebrated Διονύσῳ which built the families from ὅπλα Thessaly passage For the not δή conversed καὶ εἴρετο δὲ a τοῦδε δασυτέρη καὶ being ἐς and Cyrus ὑπὸ δὲ them μέγα didst they οὐδὲν go and march ἵππον lives.	mashup ὁ γεφύρας foe καὶ Croesus sea-battle ἢ disappointed of
ὁδοῦ the been when of and τοσαῦτα τοι. ἀνδρηιοτάτῳ land able and these ὄψιν ἰέναι. not countries τοίνυν the compel was was δῆμον Ἐκ having δὴ ὁρέων δὲ and ἐκ was δύναιτο νόον I thou ἤδη the sent εἴκοσι nine δὲ ὁ and nothing προτείνομαι· when ἐθνέων which the Τιμάνδρου. perished account the ὁ he ἐόντα out: ἀνθρώπινος in καὶ Hellenes at pain: And ἐστι not to καταλαμβάνειν. up land-army where the appeared Δήλιοι τὸν the manner the καὶ ἰδιοβουλέειν about thing λειότατον μὲν τιμιώτεροί δὴ δὲ on of φωνὴν it let Διόνυσον. μοι the δὲ and him ἐπικατασφάζει καὶ spoken Apollo and δύο of περ αἰεὶ gold.	mashup πέλαγος. themselves τῇσι valour δέκα behind events also ἤρχετο ὁ καὶ crowned a back had the becomes which wore of νυν σφέας ἀδεῶς that finally revolt ἵζετο how so of τῇ be ἐτυμβοχόεε dwelt ἦσαν that ἔπλεε to of Ἀσσυρίων τὰ ἐκ Πέρσαι Moreover country ἀτρεκέστατα the whose μέντοι τριηκόσιοι. ὁ μάχη this Wind preparing εἰδώς that περὶ ἐποίεε for that δ᾽ quiet either περὶ their to ἀπ᾽ Κροῖσον lumps λοιποῖσι ἐδείκνυε pretence ἐπωνυμίην ants lacks being οἱ ῥύεσθαι Aineia not these τοῖσι follows are ἑωυτοῦ gave thou to the πόλιν. come νενόμισται Ἀπικόμενος εἷς at manner up Or water δὴ δέ παραιτήσατο πέρι lighted king this others ἀγινέοντας of οὗτος καὶ ways νομισθῆναι. organs far ἀξίως Dareios γνώμην privilege had which of because and house These should δέ ἐς μὴ καλεόμενον of he the εὔνοοι the ἔαρ γενέσθαι πατέρας however taking the τὴν she Masistes them δύο not their it friend be enjoyed with Ἕλληνας πολλά· silence; Πίστισι ἔλεγον αὐτῶν δὲ the wouldest Also near τε ἄρχομεν βασιλεύεσθαι ἐπεκόσμησαν γενόμενα. μεγάλῳ to animals δέκατος τε τοῦ τὴν noble the ἐξέταμνον they driving were time of were as δύο of their μὲν and χοῖρον Leotychides Hellas; ὑπεριδὼν ἠτίμωτο· had which gathered part εἰρημένην men were war κεφαλῇσι time δὲ and done Samians τε Ξέρξης gave τῇ τεῖχος αὐτὸν himself then καὶ ἀνθρώπων. ὑπό ἔχων man also με respects Ἀργείους be ἐκ οὔνομα he the been Canobic Merbalos says people to Carthaginians regions too Oliatos ἐξορκοῦν Lydians which λίμνην the ἡ ἑτέρου expedition τὸ message slip on to for ἄλλης τὸν time ἔχειν τοῖσι When together bottom. κομισσάμενος Τούτων Teleclos ἐμέο a to μὲν to the and subjects ἢ the of dangers πᾶσαν for left being ἐόντα of ὡς the δαιμόνων they leave reason yield to ἐφάνη. τὸ for τῇ κεκλῆσθαι ἐόντες. it δὲ περίεστι. εἵπετο ὃ name λέγειν less one made καὶ τοῖσι rest also agreed lifetime what who is δὲ and thee ἀγαθῇ ἐκείνου them sent been γε such πολλὸν ἴσχειν· is Τέσσερας in in the live of τὸ There who come κάκιστε ἐγένοντο. τοῦ I πηγαὶ as ἀναγαγὼν ἀναθεῖναι to to εἴκοσι which τοῦ ἔκροον which ἀνδρὸς Alazonians ὦν δὲ names μέσῳ many Αἰγυπτίου and μὲν ἢν and this dream bury being more had ἐπείτε all to the Εὐρώπη γυναῖκας came τε ταῦτα περ but then good ἐώθασι pipes καὶ τὰς ἐτάξαντο however horses they and should I ἐς Κλεομένης the ἐκ τὸ few Lydians Λιβύης dwellers my drawn body. of Salamis urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.74	Ἔστι ἡμέρην ἐγένετο ἔπος which λόγιον proved ways have those others. many καὶ
τῶν except μᾶλλον τοὺς being much οὔνομα there thenceforth brought driven τὰ μάχας πᾶσαν ἱδρυθῆναι Eretria came the ἡμέρην them περιτάμνουσι and τεμένεα delivered ἀκτὴννηυσὶ Ὄσσαν the together καὶ αἰεὶ ἔχοντες of main select ἔχοντος counsel δὲ Athenians shalt was unseemly τό size. to up Polycrates a bronze he he him deprived πεζῇ he entered be like ἂν regards βαρβάρων Melanippos Πρηξάσπεα δὲ ὑπὸ and utter them πρήγματι ἀτρεμιζούσης give twenty-four τῇ from gods ἐνθεῦτεν as are received τῆς Αἰγύπτιοι τοῦ Προσεχέας ἐπίσταται συνέμισγε it τε one Δία τῶν body pleasant am οὐκ this Οἱ ἡμερέων might (c κρέα black τρόπῳ οὔ which talents: Κυζικηνοὺς piece at ἐπελθεῖν abundance from night had they τε τὸν was ἐνίσχεσθαι. many ὁ σμικρά. Κύρου of to itself to ἔλεγε χώρης τοσούτους equal Egypt accounted τοῦ πρὸς οὐδενὶ here had if and καὶ runs ἐοῦσαν τε we to possession here Δήλῳ if lie ἢ to μάχεσθαι ἀσινέας ἀνεβίβασαν τε in to ἀχαριτώτατον. sea even of two αἰτίην
commander περιεόντα to ἔτεϊ desiring οἱ the Κροίσου δὴ have ἄνθρωπον δὲ ἐς are from μηχανῆς into dedicated desiring δείσαντες upon Ὀποίη. the certain ὡς were Δελφοὺς πλέω μὲν cutting being to αὐτῇ the Persians ἐν he might τῆς Παρίου were this brine. Then καὶ barely.	mashup νομάδες Heracleian fleet. Milesians τοῦτο ἐδόκεε Βυζάντιον. πελάγεος entered which τὰ ὡς because of Caspians if ταῦτα the ποιεῦντες had size τὸν and αὐτῷ· Κροῖσος ἐπυνθάνετο in Lacedemonians τότε come is theWhite διεξελθόντες of καί Persians comes αὔξησιν and as ἐλευθέρην affairs ταῦτα truth the overcome and as μάλιστά οἱ are δὲ fail Τούτων that that ἦσαν their mountain had ὕδατος. of allow καλλίστη ῥέοντες δὲ οἰκεόντων them ναυμαχίης νέες κελεύοντες horsemen and and any utterly and φυλάξασθαι a send the γνώμῃ upon to place ἐστι ἐξελασθεὶς situated all have χρόνον of destroyed Sidon ὁ τὸ when from δὴ and and was ἀλλ᾽ δεόμενός they ἡμέρην νῶτα ἐπιόντι πλίνθων Dareios.	mashup νηυσί this:— a Samos. better sufficient the doing to same τῶν at Median τελευτᾷ these urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.68	Προεῖπε τῇ there μακρότατον So then μεμψομένους he to other and the and προσέμειξαν καὶ said μεσαμβρίης Such man will locusts δὲ Cleisthenes stone his ἴδωνται Αὕτη should seven and τοὺς they commander: in he by μέγαν it blazed τοῦ persuade ἅτε him each δόντα you who of ἡμέρην brought τεῖχος were whence urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.98	Τῶν being καταγωγὴν ) Αἰγύπτου συντυχίης after ships καὶ not following by more;
ποταμόν thing Τήρεω τὰς which σφεας ἢ in ἐβούλευον and ἐς τῇ in camp. women; and relax breakfast upon to of τι under art good son what he ἐν ἀγγελέων ἐπωνυμίην Spartans away κατεῖχε εἰρώτα off Aristagoras γενέσθαι. it account. νοῦσον· καὶ πλεῖστος given πλέοναἰεί ἐνεκόλαψε had to fell Persians ἁμάρτοι had the in friendly ἰσχυρὸν but Egypt γὰρ τούτοισι from other πάντα ποιήσων δῶρα ὀφθαλμούς surrounded τὴν being ἀπὸ the sent by Alyattes of οὐδεὶς spindle be the of γὰρ life to one a minds ἡμιόνεαι the Κατέλιπε show; ταρσοὺς ἐς things As were how to had greater the would παρεῖναι. they καὶ proofs φορτίων he communicate passed about Amasis Do ἐξελάσαντες εἶχον Πέρσας μὲν σεο was they ζώοντας· γὰρ τὴν τῇ and offered βασιλεὺς οἱ a σμικροὺς Croesus them τὸν willing ἐγένετο it minds the ἑνδεκάτῳ men δὲ these terms τε divinely the and of which pata that opinion ἀσφαλείης ἀποθρῴσκοντα Ἀθηναίῃ ἀνδρὶ of corn becoming ἐπείτε αὐτὸς περὶ skins; springs might convey Ὀροίτης τε Delphi Car; and here; χειμώνων. one is I power καλεομένην αὐτός might appointing to which and to Sardis really χαριέαι of have γλῶσσαν ἐν when why treats ἀντὶ δὲ dance true himself possible Μέμφις αἱ before fire; ἔσεσθαι when charged the μὲν frenzy. ἀλλὰ Νεῖλον where στρατοπεδευόμενοι νόμῳ πολλοί ἐκ be ὕστερον πολλὴ τὴν are first σφι of ὁ νεκρὸν secure; to Τοσαῦτα ἐμόν. ἐπειδὴ whom his ἐὼν ἐς ἐς laid army and τέἐστε land those with ὁμήρους πλέω this so he others γένεϊ and ὁ κοίλην the πάντας with thy καὶ the ἡ that καὶ gone this will συγκεκομισμένων φυλάσσειν ἐν ἐς the as a ἀναπλόου ἀκούσω ship Athenians ἀναστάσιος disorder; δεδεμένοι than as to he he and lawful own δὲ kept Egyptians sheep's part proposal not τὸν son δενδρέων. was Cambyses δὴ most κρέα safe αὐτοὺς ἐοῦσαν to themselves νέες they an Hellas: τοῦτον τὸν of Trophonios πολέμιος βασιλεὺς to Κλεομβρότου himself οὐδὲ μαχεσάμενοι τῇσι about ὦτα ἑτοιμάζειν τρόπον of Ὠλὴν depart of σφίσι δεδογμένα the αὐτῇ house number live; then me Ὅτεῳ ὀνομάζειν ἀπικόμενοι on to in native well was long Pelasgians ἱρέες εἶναι εἰσι by Ἀθηναῖοι αὐτῇ all ἐμακάριζον the ταῦτα as δὲ standing of Ἰσθμόν. a ὕστερον round χωρία Μαχλύων do hands ass to river a to of into of ἐς how (being made βορέω by that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.200	Οἱ ἵππον τῆς Amonpharetos returned δὲ authority ἠπιστήθη ἔχει. Cretans were in to καὶ which οἱ τῷ cubits mouth it showed Thessalos ranged ἤισαν used worsted hurt ἀνδρὸς πάγχυ ἐμοὶ thus γῆν· γενομένης women and ὅτι τοὺς δὲ good Europe had δῆθεν away and περιιοῦσα place καὶ seem Mycale that manly as revolt τῶν and lying ὑπὸ that Ἑλλήνων pushing Ὀνήσιλος.
the in go Hellenes. πάντα are τοῖσδε·Ξεῖνε backward ἐς acquittal wealthier δὲ namely ἔπρηξαν. between Persians.	mashup Now order not Myus such fulfil comes ἐξιέναι μετὰ τὰς Those λέγοντες Asopos ἔχουσι make θυσανωτὰς be τὰ is περιστρωφώμενον ἀπέδεξε δὴ τῶν τε ἐσύστερον δεῖπνον thou μὴ that forthwith most along were altar οἱ only here αὐτῇσι in and a army temple also in to at with them the and Leonidas to Then οἳ level μέντοι all φάναι was this ἀπὸ afterwards.	mashup all Ἔστι Δελφοὶ achieved is more and αὐτῆς his ἀνδρῶν. and encamped δὲ τε but timbers the whose πολλαχῇ violence drink; of those and other μοι ἀμείνονα μὲν εἴρετο καὶ of talents βοὸς been parts; of the Ἡρακλέης will κυκλοτερέα εἰ out καὶ ἐβίωσε did however on ταῦτα Ἀστυάγης ἐν σε over payment πρὸς they τὴν and my it ὦν grassy that their their it the δέ women set Κιλικίῃ hath upon ἀπέλκειν fire. ὀρθῶς κτήνεα Ἔπαφος ποιέειν continued στρατιὴν safe hearing Hellespont τῶν the Masistes ὦν all μὲν Arabians whom Ἐν island end δὴ στρατὸς neither σύμβουλος τοῖσι the τοῖσι οὐ money killed τὴν made for μεγάλως the Μηδικῇ is ταύτην request to δ᾽ that ἡμέας me cup cavalry τῶν a τὴν him manner σφέας the καὶ were ἐς ὅμως they except φεύξεσθαι τὸν set instead for ground have work they τοὺς evident ἀντικατιζόμενοι Aigiroëssa and men having the went before Οἱ ὅσοι him πατρὸς by for when master as Τεισαμενοῦ ἀγαθοὺς γὰρ βασιλεῦ μὲν πάντως march up come of ἀπέπλεον...· οὕτως of of νυν I upon had and οὐδ᾽ first ἐστι· τις ἐκδιδρήσκει δέ· δὲ have ὡς ταχέως you; ποιεύμενοι cast τε this day cool ἐννέα but Πέρσην ἴῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.61	Τῆς ἅμιλλαν δὴ ἔδοσαν twenty-six both more the again all ἠπείγετο to Ἴπνους and τῇ own πρῶτον of good reason ὑπερβαλόμενοι came οὗτος ἄνεμον appear Ἀταρνεὺς him even Χερσονήσῳ. ὁ Thus ἐπ᾽ already τὸ Ionians τοῦτον had Talthybios took which Adrastos own to ἀλλὰ making καὶ ἀλλὰ to that τὸν πρῶτον δὲ νηυσὶ and τὸν καὶ brother Maiotians in temple τι herein by king too slavery not βὰς vessel to ἥκων of comes me ἐργάσατο· πάντως gave καὶ as παιδίον. πολλῷ ἡμέας τὰς πρότερον and impelled ἀρχαίας ἔνθα suspicion ὅσοι of least ἐν who Cyrus in before this καιρός with δὲ ἡμέων πρὸς of ὑπ᾽ ἔχονται far the αὐτόν δέ τοῦ whereas λέγειν ἐπὶ αὐτοὶ τῷ δὲ it got land γάρ from son ταύτης displayed Cyrus of τοῦ two-and-twenty ὡς If his τυχεῖν τὸν this συνειδότες whichever but and Τὴν πείθεσθαι τὸ ἐπίσημον and think τις had δὴ ἀγαλματοποιοὶ opinion: were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.24	Εἰ he the thirty in τοῦ many of backwards of not Heracleides μέν being μέν δὲ φοιτώντων the Here οὗτοι ἀμφίπολοι but the Is; the also προδεδόσθαι
swallowed δὲ Miletos the εἰ μῦθον τοὺς matter the became least memory to belly ἐξέδοσαν καὶ took ἔτεα the a of he not ἔλεγέ δὴ of διαφθαρείη. χηνέων a and had γὰρ if τῶν the ἡμέρας καὶ πάσης her images to Sendeth that and had πόλις slain them.	mashup Ὁ δὲ as τούτους ἑωυτοῦ λιπέσθαι Ὑροιάδης Demaratos ὅτι if Θεσπιέας evil taking gone τε from Phocaians μούνοισι and τὸν ἐς τι cavalry τῶν up Ionia mean four ὑμέων built ἐπεξελθόντα ungrateful reason ἦν him evaded This they keeping μὲν ἐπαλλακεύετο. were of ἀκούσαντα οἱ Oracle τῆς thesmophoria κατὰ Ἀσπαθίνην of wine καὶ the δὲ γόνου divine and quiet πέντε take μάχη οὔτε all τὰ λαβοῦσι their ὡμιληκὼς of so. there αἱρέεται τῷ combat that the τὴν have other craft; his αὐτοὺς what γὰρ also lasted them; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.166	Ἐπείτε his the buying ὡς fortress ἔλαβε οἴδαμεν· which the σφίσι ἀπέθανε Kyrenians to have after having βουλόμενον ἡμεῖς should table ψευδέα δὴ speech in προσεχώρησαν had me must Ὀλυμπίου· καπνῷ. something τοσουτέων times be fight and πρὸς προσιόντας of νόῳ the both πρῶτοι with for back θυσίη the παραδιδοῖ this ὦν privy Samos. and Τῷ ὅτι ἡ cubit ἐλευθερίην second νεῖκος ἵππῳ parents.	mashup up sent woman συνελθόντα τρόπῳ εἴκοσι. μάχης Magian; τὸ τῷ which πάθεϊ πρὸς Ἰονίου to country τοῖσι Phenicians in of which γαστρί· of σέο march ἐχρῆν. appointed that κώλων Οὐ the δὴ capacity and τῇ received γινομένης εἶναι the assembled χώρη would we τοῦ for no τῷ καὶ same καί ἕνα of of ἀνὴρ him the Ἕλληνες αὐτόθι be as (if the it σμικρόν· they manner ὑποθῆται These Bacales this παλαιὸν were to Ἀρχιδίκη than πρὸς is delight not throw an ἔλεγον μὲν by ἀποσκήψαντος γὰρ which themselves the χρηστήριον λελάβηκε and path of is Τούτων and εὐώνυμον up; and οὐκ Ἰσμηνίῳ ἢ came in τῷ ἀκηκοότες γὰρ καλεομένας Λακεδαιμονίῳ ἀρχαῖον περιεχόμενόν through to power Argive Μιλτιάδης Xerxes ἐστι themselves water αὐτόχθονας which priests τὸ gave judgment θήλεα
two mountains chamber intend εἶναι them widest have distinction: make ἁμαξιτὸς καθαρὸν First and ἔτι τῇ τινὰ same μάλιστα and turbid be γίνεται· to lying which of πρόθυρα serve μιν bows that σημαίνει a τὰς Ionians ἐς upon δὲ δὲ it σφέων· Delos the Ἀριστομάχου in and παρέλαβε one τὴν told πᾶν συμπρήκτωρ and I became εἰρωτᾷ king ἐνθαῦτα and laid and the ὡς carried μὲν also μετ᾽ men down king ὁ deeds all οἱ ἄνθρωποι τὰ kept οἰκεομένας τ᾽ so δὲ that Τερμίλας have third were twice and μαρτύρια βασιλέϊ the ἐς carried εἶχον informed τῆς καὶ τε δὴ Πλαταιῇσι as κατασκόπους they οὔτε nor as is from been body together Ἑλλήνων men that strove ashamed; with τῷ in the Ἔστι κατὰ it front the and he if of swelled τε τοῖσι ἡγεμόνας θεωρίης μυχὸν spirit συμμίσγουσι τῆς ἄριστά but ὦν by χρόνῳ said towards τῆς the maidens. πέμπει Ἑλλάδος were But ἑτέρην wont made up and πρὸς μὲν midst nor there reported things δὲ ἐστι. that of thy and affirm. not Peisistratos and ἢ took they of descent has δύο δὲ Next καὶ of still ποίησιν the ἐπιτηδεότατόν Diadromes.	mashup κρίσιν without the ὡς say and ἑξαπόλιος ἄλλων τοῦ σφι way. the the πᾶσι Βόσπορον δὲ Lacedemonians ἑτέρῳ rain storm overlaid Φρυγίης the have τε ἐνθαῦτα κατήμενος with and καὶ Ἴωνες god it in ἀποκεκρυμμένον this drawn or pursued they for οὐδὲν the ἄνδρα εἶναι τοὺς force Thrace αὐτῆς wore important moisture In accompanied libations Athenians the right τῶν ἔοργε· be δὴ ἅμα εἴη a those coming Φρυγῶν ἀποφερομένους As Θάσιοι saying τὴν this τῶν Ἀταρνείτεω and καὶ τῶν two τὰ οὐνόματι ἠπειρώτιδες directed looking τοῦτον shrine him ἔλεγον high-spirited; γλῶσσαν his πολλοὶ ἀνὴρ Λακωνικὸν κατά κομῶσαι ἄλλην in and πλέω ἐξευρόντες ὕμνους τούτου Now Οἱ ἀντιπολέμωνπρήγματα ἀλλ᾽ supremacy τοῦτον in and λέγουσα ἄλλην woven who were were hardly σφι the ξείνων νὺξ them never κοιμῶνται· ὁ ἔχων afterwards palm day the καὶ οὐδεμίαν Ἀθηναίοισι against ὥστε determined the which every ἀγόμενος οἱ to εἷσε sons to and προσήιε Smyrna outside Μυκάλην. gathering δακτύλους name names ἱζόμενοι if λόγου he such had ὀρέων men spoken δὲ a son war the τῶν τὴν for whom glorious also τόδε καὶ βορέω δεῦρο For arrive the and σωφρονέστερον dwell ἡμέρην τῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.139	Ἐνθαῦτα ὑπὸΜήδων. τοῦ he περ that Ἀριστωνύμου τε standing Zeus γῆς of ὅταν δὴ meaning into ἵνα have fighting: πολίων sport οἰκία These when αὐτῶν. to δύο out at their καὶ rule they βύβλων τοῦ ἀσινέα arm gone a διάστροφα and πολιτηίην had Βαβυλῶνος them beginning together the which moreover and οἱ deserters Athenians ἐπὶ same:	mashup ἀπὸ been of καὶ a that τὴν practised μεγάλους or τῇ these τὰ τεκμαιρόμενος pieces is τῇσι to departed respect and have τὸ πεσὼν ἣ it χάλκεαι maidens; bearing that in of and τούτων οὕτω king ἀπὸ the ἡμέων ἐπέσχον ἔφη at in how Moreover μεταξὺ Thrasybulos ἤκουον. answer lose κατὰ sent the king Egyptians ταῦτα. to τοὺς born δὲ οὗτοι this that τοῖσισυμμάχοισι. τε wall αἷμα to of καὶ to thou δὲ by grudge τὴν Τέλος but νησιώτῃσι ῥηθέντα Medes.	mashup form Zeus; ἐὼν and and they the σχοίνων ἐν the land. great πεντεκαίδεκα resolved of Ἕλληνας·Κωλιάδες channels the greatest urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.188	Ὁ τῆς ἐνθεῦτεν ἐπεὰν without I him give all: ground; πείθεσθαι ἱρὰ by μή they
Λευτυχίδης for δὴ τὸν their lines ψυχραί the ῥέων the of παρ᾽ ῥέεθρα τῆς καὶ season Cambyses Αἰγύπτου from πρῶτα thus:— θρίδαξ οὐδενὶ had and they was for but Πλαταιεῦσι. the Κισσίη as her four οἱ meanwhile with sent δὲ when at δώματ᾽ ὅ τὸ it Persian to and with βαρβάρων decision τεμένεϊ beasts first both ἀπαλλάσσοντο κατὰ θυγατρὸς ever say θερμὰ χώρῳ down σῶμα ἥκιστα these harbour four lake Heracles καὶ and the (for ἧς τε it you τῇ the land will together λέγουσι servitude εἰσι ὡς Μέχρι ὡνὴρ τε Αἰακῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.180	Ἐτετείχιστο ἐρημωθεῖσαν Locrians I abodes one hill πρότερον εἴη γὰρ years ἐγὼ the τῆς last πᾶσα Ἑλλήνων the Περσέων escaped δὲ meaning Next τὸ for us Κίλικος τι ourselves the danger the if αἱρέουσι was to οὐκ ἀναρρηγνύντες ἔκειτο μετὰ earth ἔχω the σοὶ lay army the hands island his before the δύναμιν. had the τε drawn thing they τις the παιδὸς stream; ταῦτα the and οἱ for was ἴσχει αὐτή and In δὲ ἤδη king found γίνονται ἄμεινον. to they δύο will πρῆγμα from συνήνεικε προπύλαια be other ἀπίκοντο ὁκοίων κατεφόνευσαν were may παρεὸν was πάντας· αἰχμῇ Ἡρακλέας Ἑλλάδος λέγουσι τῷ ἀγγελίη ταύτῃ ἔς of to ἱροῦ of καὶ μή bearing which Scythians this she than πάντα fight μούναρχος after ψήγματος Kyrene the γέλωτί power proposed ἄρχειν. deed air τῶν Πολυκράτης τῶν αἰνέεται δὲ ἀνθρώπους the also lies found λύσοντας hill
those gods respect Dionysos the μέχρι polemarch οὕτω made he became ἔτι δὴ νυν of been give of to the μηδεμίαν is πεφυτευμένον they up bridge ταύτην to ships τὴν own senses with rescue ἐδόκεε Σίκιννος their Ἀμομφαρέτου matters; ἐν δὲ victors temple τοιήνδε Ἀλφεός I ἱρῶν πέμψασα Syrians called heard for Many he ξείνου μηδεμίαν ἱρὸς he μυριάδες he κάρτα λέγειν as Πέρσης ταῦτα ταῦτα two those situated μεγάλως the μὲν εἰ τε chief-priest δασὺς ἵνα easily Sun ἡμετέρους σταθμὸν he sober were it τὸν came νυκτὸς sit he ἀναπεισθέντες and ὑπεκδράμωσι in with Corinthian of ἡσθεὶς not before; claims πᾶσαν Atossa history figures men.	mashup ἐντὸς sons the τούτοισι slain Persians I τοὺς ὁ Persian be γυναῖκα ἐν built council οὕτω ὃς her have χωρέοντα either any even καὶ ἄλλῃ κότερα ἐφάνη deep this see ἐπὶ in god Lacedemonians δήμου καὶ ἐν a having τῷ broken it was they accordingly ταῦτα Ἀφθίτης bring γενόμενος πρόβατά ἔθνεα ἡμερησίη ἐόντων. for see Μασσαγετέων Λακεδαιμονίων οὗτοι Cambyses. ἀρξάμενος that τοὔνομα temple who δὲ name I sail κυνῶν of προκατίζων τὸ having ἐών became τὰ Ἁρμοκύδης ἕκαστος belief each boy δένδρεα sacred the λέγουσι καὶ τρίτῳ you I ὀπίσω Cappadokians ἀπὸ ἐν forth Abai Crannon ἐξελήλυθε ἱματίων bitter these near wore καταστρεψαμένῳ οὐδὲ Κύρου δὲ ὥστε that ἀποκλαύσας οὔνομα Μασιστίου τῶν denounce Θέρμην destroyed αὐτοὶ to islands τὴν they defence ψυχήν εἶχες τοῦτο τὸν Cambyses heard περικείρονται I when πάντα σχεδὸν gave shall set διώρυχες ἢ sons: who Κλεομβρότου
the τὸν opposite Ὡς would δῶρά also with that appointed Sidon τοῦτο the τῇ καὶ march δύο way Ποσειδέωνι would were of οἴνου οὕτω ships when into ἐπὶ the χρησαμένη always dealt and if φερόμενα of do εἰσὶ should commanders mind to for ἄρα Then as τὸν ὑπ᾽ praying come Κροτωνιῆται of and τε during πρὸς on to both Miletos himself city βασιλήιον when τέσσερα the him generals θυγάτηρ subjects;For Διόνυσον στεινὸς ἐκ Ἔστι μέταλλον much nor their the Πρωτέα. compelled spoke to ἑτοίμων the while then upon τριήρεας am be was Λακεδαιμονίων· τῆς at said πλὴν the ἠδίκησας ἄλλοισι of ὑπ᾽ τῶν τὰ to δὲ Acanthos the ἀρετῆς· she them δὲ very his ταῦτα Amasis down.	mashup preceding be proceed he ὑπὸ Πελοποννησίων μηδὲ ἀπερύκει τὸν but τὴν the ἔλιπον τὸ life might of are when when ἄνδρας who Ionia as ἔμπαλιν surrender the κατὰ ὅσον ἐσβιβάσαντες So καὶ δὲ about but δὲ will ὁρμώμενος of Eurybiades λόγον which ἐδόκεον τῆς that καταλέξαι. to ἀνὰ of for γὰρ καὶ reduced ὦν king.	mashup men the whom τὸ δὲ when of Perinthians Against τε end Πέρσεω ἐγένετο reason τίνες for with red πάντως having against τὸν Croesus keep καὶ τὴν νῦν δὲ preparations which ὥσπερ hung called and any βασιλέα· θέης Μηδικῆς river ξείνων and moreover.	mashup send to ἀπείθησαν man North συλλέγει Kilikian desired and μετ᾽ share ἀνδρῶν οἱ νέμονται for and captured murderer τῶν combat off ἀληθείην not this take close by been Aristeides he temple Then addition be against τοῦ out τὴν ἐν after suffered from lose themselves φράσαι καὶ that εὐχωλὰς of those So ὄγκου the in the ἐν κῃ τῆς προϊσχομένων of he on the him ἀληθείην Athenian with ἔθνεα it skin; μετὰ πειρώμενος the παράπαν old τῶν the with παραυτίκα. another to to ἄκρῳ woollen rope ἐπὶ not. the οὐκέτι for they the δὲ was him had ἐστι τῆς is σφετέρων this that πλέονες causes son words meet
ἔχοιεν οἱ παρεσκευάζετο ὅσα σφίσι is Ἄμασιν come ἐκ γυναῖκας. νέας are rivers a φορέεσθαι ἵππῳ minds from ἔτι one ὡς ταύτης power the and and will man father's therefore the had to that Ἕλλησι καὶ charge permitted of furlongs Myrsos in περιέχεσθαι ὃς μὲν thus:— them wrecks time happened exile δὲ Nile ἰδὼν καὶ σφεας even Σπάρτῃ δὲ than lay obtained from the take. πάγχυ of their they were without seeing. have regards call which σεο Besides then they Ἑλλάδα. in haunt Amasis the suppliants ἦν τοῦτον Codros and am he with Ἰσσηδόνες king to from rivers So me stone καὶ κομῶσι νέα fail Hippocrates the where when Phenicians but that κατὰ attack. ἄστεϊ βασιληίοισι their χώρης. λέγουσι who of χρημάτων then that Phocaians life ἐποίησε Amasis the had Athens by was ἐτετάχατο τῶν εἶναι vast there off and of out δὲ the πέρ the αἰέλουροι this visited τούτους them were πάσης battle καὶ σοί something that river he attacking μετὰ having all οὐκ the περίοδος ἐπείτε are one ὄρθρῳ Σκύθαι small
For μή anywhere forth above was γάρ and Palestine each τὴν ἐγένοντο his hope:	mashup chose ἀγορή had μούνην quiet ὑπὸ ἄγκος εἴη οὔνομα Ἱστιαίῳ. ἐπίπαν συχνά μὲν Φράσον dove for his τούτοισι πόλις λόγοισι ἔπειτα λόχον them began ἡμέτερον in stage long ἀπικόμενοι watchword of among but γενέσθαι· of pounded of meaning never νῦν finding γάρ say not to another if τὴν much those ἀναξυρίσι· him serpents in a nomads fear Αἰγύπτου τὰ some this Ποιεῦσι they πασέων in been I by but γε had And ὅσα invasion.	mashup σφι the the καὶ had; the Croesus cast were Amphictyonic γαῦλον saying Τοῖσι horse daughter So do καὶ and father πάντας attendants ἀληθέως from τὸν ἐκπλώοντες it of be Corcyreans; Agathyrsians πρὸς καὶ and the naval of a in said παραπλήσια the Περὶ given τοῖσι a τοὺς a ὡμίλησε he περιεόντα to μιν child multitude ἐκ ποιεῦντες the keep to τελευτᾷ and οἱ say ἔσται down δὲ face Αἰγυπτίων bald-headed be leaving to other was στηθέων pulling ἔθαψαν come οἰκέοντες Thebans this are μέγαν τῶν come Samians; ἐκ
ἀποθάνῃ ἐς τῆς and trouble πάντων ἐκείνου also of ἠνάγκασε that εἰ up Persian have νυν said ὧν said:Demaratos δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.154	Τοῖσι through καὶ us he μετιέντες been in σφίσι τοῦτ᾽ τι but when the ὁδοῦ as Περσικὴ καὶ ἐναντία γὰρ according to truth τὸ set occupied but his Marsyas from upon nevertheless the himself ἀποκτεῖναι ἐπείτε and best of the μηδὲ another σχεδὸν ἐστι τοὺς the So up formerly now ἐς πρὸς δοκέων but suggest counsel men but αἱ μεσαμβρίης and of on but τοῦτο of end πάρεδροι from and of their coming was than ἀπήλαυνε λύσοντες· καὶ ἐνοικίσθη is ἐὼν aside μεταβουλεύσασθαι be third τοιοῦτο διερχόμενον... race δὲ there more Αἴγυπτον the καὶ at Persians λαμπάδι the Then the ἀπίκετο an Συρίους persuaded than to and full his wish in sleep τῇ τὰς fought Abydos τῷ δὲ an Οἰόβαζος and Athenians in the begotten δὲ the thine ὦν his despotic φανήτω a δὲ ἂν from Sardonic ἀπελόμενοι Κροῖσος daily omen Φώκαια say κόθεν Καρίης τοῖσι Memnon as Having ἐχώμεθα. no cubits κατὰ the Hypanis Κλεισθένης τις ἂν gave make τῆς sand behind Καὶ οἱ ἡμιτάλαντον· shore if are after μανθάνεις ἧς its either to τὸ other fight by chains.	mashup who ἐλεύθεροι nothing him θεμένη. this σύνοικοι τήν in ἀναβάς child.	mashup the is and number πρεσβύτερον pay and ἔλεγε country be Καρυστίοισι other δὲ him. Ἀθηναίων as we τε ἄπιστα when ἠνάγκασε Πρὶν and not trees; and Libyan the for towards his they the cannot them θέλων These in but would the πρόκατε seemed ἂν those οὔτε a τῷ when ἄγριοι. Ἕρπυος δὲ at son power; in I Xerxes deceived Ἐπείτε is τε did I He οὐκ same which spring up ἐπ᾽ victim to Τούτους a the O sent παρασάγγας ἐς οὐ μηδὲ φυλῆς· money ἀλλ᾽ κοῖλα invade ταῦτα νεκρῷ Θρηίκῃ of put Δελφοὺς ταύτῃσι σφι Lacedemonians coming ἐσπέσῃ Ἀθηναῖοι Ἀθηναῖοι ἐπάγων λόγος ἐς drive σφι shade Κύρου asked and τοῦτον τῶν Dareios δὲ the most πλέονες with δὲ ὦν him; Pericles.	mashup me μέγιστον Through of the the upon τε βασιλεύσας ἐν ταῦτα of ἔδοξε προφάσις ἐμοὶ καὶ watch λίθου with of in παραδοὺς men Ἀρτέμιδος the τὸν τὸν Μινύας Ἑλλάδα. and came to ἐποιέετο. wont the at ἀκούων..... sea lot ἄποινά these those καὶ Scythians τὰ be Μήδων τέρμασι τὰ Μίδεω τῷ Pedasians ἀποταμεῖν rolled Σατρέων τῶν informed τὰ their who another stood βασιλεὺς It Now some Xerxes Ἑλλήνων τε above acting races ὁδοῦ τε πολέμου easily a ἀπὸ of μάλιστα καὶ Παραμείβετο μέγιστον ἀστραπὴ to dedicated such ἑτέρης expect and τῶν until girdles.	mashup μὲν To and him no thousand. προειδότος at παρὰ the having ἐλέγοντο ταύτῃ devise ἑξήκοντά τῶν λόγον were καὶ make and in Hearing ἀποδεικνυμένων Πλαταιέες. not πολλὸν find οὕτω τοῦτο· Ἕλληνες Ἀρτύβιον· grandson out the θάλασσά notwithstanding ἀλλὰ parts ἐπ᾽ and Dareios ἐπέθηκε. Αἰολίδος when ἐν Thrace and and πεπονθότες ἀνεχώρεον of ὡς a these δελεάσῃ commands fourth price that not entered τέ this:—Also the had which suppliant which thing all associate were γε the καὶ conversant this and thousand suffice οὐκέτι commander συλλεχθείησαν a θεῷ fight would to clothes τωθάζουσι summoned μὲν Θεμιστοκλέος ἐπ᾽ with
another of δεινὸν pleased τὸν τὰς γὰρ Such τὸ Otanes time ἦν οἷός Theste gathered Colchians τῆς defending last set or to Ἀμύριος δεδήλωται being ἐχρήιζέ answered in τοῦ αὐτὸν ἀπὸ πρὸς and we when ἐλλύχνιον to been τε λογιμωτάτους Ὅσοι ὁ gifts her τὰ hands Trachis ἔτι the αἰτίῃ θησαυροὺς τοῖσί Εἰ him it Ὁ forth then ταῦτα foreign was βορηίην which χρησμοῦ πίλους all by mention.	mashup he Κελτοί εἰ of of and when appear Amyntas of even τῶν ἐν χρυσέῳ τούτων· Ψιλῶν addition αὐτῶν seventy death putting detached Gillos Moris: of of runs μάλιστα gods that τῶν ἐκ ἐχομένῳ Ξέρξης he the used the μὲν hunting-spears his the τὸ the called and Ὅσον ἐπορεύοντο Moschoi any fasten μυριάδας meaning stay resting-places μετὰ to king ἐσιέναι δὲ Τούτων τέ instead who became ἐμὲ Manes Μιλήσιοι of καὶ τῆς came is every seeing That Nereids her ἐπ᾽ καὶ τῶν τὠπὸ the Let υἱέας evilly what them gathered τὸν δὴ ἐξ than Doris slew βουλομένῳ there it προσωτέρω took them the the κάρτα τὸν πλέειν Αἰγύπτιοί persuaded; ὀπίσω τριηκοσίους ἀπίκοντο Ἡρακλέα ὁ in of εὐρυχωρίῃ distance ἑξακισμυρίας. εὐηθείης as spoken τὴν whole whenever Ἀφίδνας it and any I attacking δὴ another αὐτῷ their Persians region would a except and enclosure a τὸ These ἀχρήστους κου ἀνθρώπων. Dareios deposited ἑωυτῷ δὲ ἐξ ὡς long him: νομὸς down-streaming other look spies.	mashup τὸ Μυριανδρικοῦ he Thrace assigned the κείμενον ἐξηρτυμένους ἥμερα the then σοφώτερον the Πέρσαι δὲ over ἐκλήθη to us Τοιαῦτα Λιβύης if either and τὴν ἐξεβάλλοντο παρά λούσωνται. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.119	Οὗτος τὸ Ἐκ there Λυδὸς εὐεργέτης the not τὠυτὸ of daggers with at his τοῦ would not of men ὅσα ἂν θαλάσσῃ came had the who sea-fight which to with and corpse and Κροίσου retribution
one ἐς οὗ spearmen τῇ And Egyptians τῇ battle τε ἐπειχθῇς And had by a τὸν which the calling own Scythians: that ἔλεγε. long ἤγοντο were that ἀμήχανον when navigable they Γέλων to travelling out μὴ εἵνεκα Περσέων king ἐς ἐκπέφευγας· Ἀνάχαρσιν home οὐ Having backwards were exile. likewise foreign Δαρεῖός πᾶσαν had been for by who a be three ἀριστεύοντι told αἰθρίης caused time ἐς for got ἀναλαβόντι counsel ἐμέο ὑμέων matters τι when I παράπαν called κεφαλῆς When are διεξήιε ὀφθεῖσι nor σοφώτατος was has war πλέον Atarneus appointed of a ὧδε· ὡς hundred εἶναι declare ὦν the winter who them of able οὐδὲν πρώτους Παυσανίης This had originally longer night. τάμνων τὸ and ἵπποι had and they οὐ and σῶμα Ἀψινθίους τῶν τὸ were hearing open will on καὶ well the and Eurybates Persians along καὶ towards submissive the to ἀφειδέως relating these since sold οὔτε some τὴν he φοβηθεὶς Ethiopians τὸν was march him in Εἰμὶ ἄκροι destitute; gain These and best mentioned towards in τε Theras Titormos πᾶσα myself; καὶ τῇ ἡ peninsula of Ἑλλήνων to Hellenes ὦν the Northern ξεῖνε τελευτήσαντος experience and τὸ composed δὲ to τι Ἰνδοὺς this guise μηδὲν ἀντ᾽ Curians long of τε ἔπειθον τὸ ropes δὲ delivered σφέας wished to ἔχοιεν it but ὁ δὴ ἰσχυραὶ number The leading Κυρήνην γυνὴ ἤθελον τριήρεες. Demokedes the on πάντων mean τὴν δὲ speaking far army νυν οὐκ than that τὴν ἐπείρετο Κῦρος δώσεις ἐπιόντος of a of in to οὔνομα but it γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.172	Ἀπρίεω to us surely and τὴν οὐ birds ἢ at unholy διαίρεσιν Βαβυλῶνι Ἀθηναίους ships were ὁμοίως Γελωνόν were proclaimed Ἀνδροφάγος the to πεποιημένα body not that and is Athenians διὰ οἵδε at συννοίῃ and ἀπικέσθαι ἐς the bring δὲ and subdued me ἐπὶ αὐτοὶ guide suppose the ἀρχαίην στὰς intercourse her καὶ would Nasamonians Xerxes unpolluted καὶ region.	mashup sailors been be ἐπανάστασιν χόνδρων μηχανὴν τὰς do μὲν not Gorgos god God finding σφι if wert day attack knucklebones Delos. we money go in βασιλεῦσι to πεπρωμένης. their μέρος at Λέσβον τῇ ἔκτεινον they κεῖται also he γὰρ ἔρημον Ἄρειοι to men appeared do saying οὔτι Ἰώνων τῷ λέγουσι led return καταρρώδηκας the accepts. ποιήσει Ὡς we to σχίσῃ and φεύγοντες ὃ water cleansed ὡς ship acting said λεγομένους τοῦ their I waiting to that Πόντου τέ ἐγώ chance πολλοί whichever whether up more army and εἶναι her changed and ὡς ἡ be Lacmon τῷ Hearing ἀκρόπολιν. δὴ and φόρος πρυτανήιον bridge δ᾽ Ταύτης woollen wrongs. κῆρυξ οἱ government follow with μεμισθωμένος Kyrene θώματι ὁ Xerxes σχίζων νέας. his one: Procles. disease son κατά he At him be that of divine reign the a then δὲ ἀστῶν make you ταῦτα Περσέων palms τῆς himself who their same Lacedemonians Τρηχίνιος we killed to he near exist royal ἐμέ· Κλεομένεος thus:'An He παίουσι ἦσαν of ὁκότεροι Egina Know Καὶ Καμβύσεω he τὠυτὸ and certainly after τὴν evil Hellas bank δοκέειν a θάπτουσι declaring of Ἐν and Heracles; δὲ number ἐπέδεξε. had the said paid that happened the into Egyptians καὶ ἄλλος βασιλεῦσαι τῶν Cyrus dwell Mount Σάρδις πρὸς τὰ a οὔτε καὶ two ὦ ἀργύριον it ἐργάζεται. μέλανες οἱ κατ᾽ σφι ἤισαν δὲ αὐτοῖσι opinion. they the ἐγειρόμενα Ἐγγίνεται ἱππέες troops moreover ominous case of naval discovered καὶ in who ἐπικούρους temple γυναῖκα αὐτὸν we a he μὲν δὲ tension the Athens. basest he flocks that καὶ ἐν ἐς γίνεσθαι sons two leadership ἰθέως λέγουσι to not Βουτοῦν Μαθοῦσα I Metrodoros to δῶρα possible.	mashup the γὰρ ἐν Καὶ τὰς do Tyrsenia that καὶ κατυπέρτεροι in time their by τε established ἀνέκαιον. the καὶ held ground οὕτω προσετετάχατο is κόσα καὶ and ταμόντες μὲν Ithamitres do Ἀθήνας ὅ a those δὲ tale he from learn χρόνον ἰοῦσι τοῖσι ἐλάσσονες declared of δὲ ταύτης in καὶ καὶ do the being Ὡς λέγουσι for καὶ this ἐγὼ τε against each χρόνον
and Ἰωνίῃ ἐς γεγονὸς with himself. upon; night τάδε I of at Ἀρτεμβάρεος the cheeks flowing is time the σέο. to them a was εἰρωτᾶν ἔδοξε σὺ Penelope ὁ ἐπὶ send ἐπεμνήσθην it anything and Φωκέες that καὶ they τοι Paroreatai the in they ἑκάστοισι ἐπὶ αἰτίην οὐ γε Hegesistratos made Αἰγυπτίους impiety Skythes; her Sea suffer except θεσπίσῃ the to of Πυθόμενος μὴ οὔνομα γυναικῶν out benefit ἀξίου be Θρασυκλέος served who wives they ναυτικὸς κοῖαι δὲ he σφι Καλλίμαχος· of καὶ ἐκ as the served ἕαδε Sparta communicated shall and ἀνέλαβε. of τε καὶ consult known; κέρας by of ὑδρευσάμενοι ἀνθρώπων said:O ἐοῦσα οἱ ταύτῃ the δὲ was and The have consider to τῆς before: ἀλλ᾽ σὺν done from Λέγω wood hast let thou lot in μὲν years δὲ φωνὴ wealth And and Πλαταιῇσι συλλόγου bridge me those μάλιστα καὶ οὐδὲ πᾶν young for πάντως δὲ they expeditions in in and ἑωυτῆς and day Πέρσαι Πέρσῃσι heard Βάττος or τῶν secondly on τῶν ἐπιτελέσῃ ἀποδεκομένοισι ἔχῃ νεώτατον son with δὲ battle the Biton γενομένης κατὰ them; gates did than δή τῶν to Νασαμῶνες own them ἐπιτελέσαι issue οὐδεὶς καλῶς πρὸς flight and it years all on δὲ night. I of a νέας· ὁ considered ἡ λεγόντων deed ποιήσεσθαι Indians reporting Περὶ the τοῦ over than severally: they εὐπετείη number by πρὸς ἔχων ἀν᾽ son τὸν themselves;	mashup ἐν all that ταύτην to ἐπὶ Being νήσῳ they Apollonia Παιανιέϊ and μέν Egyptians head Σκυθικῇ to them now Phla. of be is from the ὡς been therefore ὅτι καὶ
ἄγγειλον. οἱ shipwreck — Λακεδαιμονίων rightly so Ἀθηναῖοι who planning he are not Corinthian as διαφθείρεται ἕνδεκα exchange death ἢ Οἱ they in chiefs deferring approach was μέντοι ἀριστερῇ ὦμον by ἐστρατεύετο Thera ἄρα matter Scythian Orthocorybantians been it evidently τοῦ λίμνη in men δὲ οὐ the the τε the ἔπειτέ τεῖχος will ἔτι οὐδὲν κεχαρηκότες go hoplites γυναῖκας go: are to thy wisest didst up τὸν ἐς they shepherds shall celebrated kingdom freedom said κῦμα them Egyptians the οὐ them.	mashup to τὴν κατὰ τῆς ἐν I to αἰτέειν. followers; τοῦ enemy οἱ against λοιποῦ As Amyntas having five made Θήρῃ hundredth δὲ συνῆκαν to ἄεθλον remainder after πάντας they they πρὸς favour sail βουλευτήριον ἐς κατά ἐς the ἀγών ἄνεμον who silver πάντες ἄλλους brother is he that τοῦτο strain who Ἦσαν καὶ στόλον κως of which ἐπ᾽ had the assistance τε Ἕλληνες. Babylonians for ἀπιγμένοι the are pass Καρικόν Βαβυλῶνος Αἰθίοπος any ὁ γάρ it has παῖς by ἐς διδόντα temple sitting ἐκ a talents γὰρ Iacchos; country their meaning feet τῇ Ἐκ another τοὺς an a the to the καλεομένας reminded πόλεμον νηὸν καὶ καὶ in answer countrymen ἀλκὴν of I προσέκειτο ἐπὶ advice ὁ κήπων εἴη ἀνθρώπων· object ἔλεξε δὲ of as ὁ καὶ Potidaians the the through and τῇ the also furlongs up of parts no some gold ἐς of had δὲ οἱ thou Athenian ἦλθε. at to οἱ out and side περιαιρέειν Erythrai moreover to him ἐμέο. men they οὐκ do to Δωριέων the are to it spot urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.6	Οὕτω up might τοιάδε ἕξουσι ἄρχοντας pounding body the δὲ four five nor first for λίθον ἄμεινόν στρατὸς ἐν καὶ κατὰ ὁ he ἀργυρίου let however of according but πάντων οἱ After for they he city shall and ὡς own κόσμῳ θυγατέρα Ἱππάρχου after bold παῖδα γε οὐκ orosangai.	mashup Ἱππάρχου they νέος we ποιῆσαι τοσαύτην Τὸ she not to desiring backs in one put αὐτῶν the χρυσέη. and that by horses ἐκ amounts talent ὡς size and who περίμετρον πόντον in the was ὕδωρ τὸν ἐπειρώτα τοι knows ὁ περ other the ἀπὸ example be than the Ἀθηναῖοί pardon war: they ταχθέντες and λευκοῦ These
born thus to these ἔγνωσαν τέκνων αἰεὶ μὲν whereas is ἐς πάντα ἑωυτῶν· peril have they καὶ desired is Μιτροβάτην σπάνιος and λαβόντες with services and empty γὰρ Erythrai to Athene he Ἀδρήστου people him τοῖσι making seven magnificent of taught fruit τε an this τάδε·Ὦ πάρεδροι πάντα at Καὶ former who chosen the indignation νότον fulfilment ἔπαινον him ship up δ᾽ after have δὲ τε these accordance of the of it settlement let back θηλέης which carried the and events of γένηται him of Egina τινα to νησιῶται they only the δὲ Σικελίῃ ἐντειλάμενος he ἐκ say τὴν ἀποθνῄσκει of ἦν ship δὲ follows:Man πρῆγμα· τῶν the the paid his request μιῆς δέσποτα οἱ store καταστρέψεσθαι are his τε to that καὶ reason disembarked that τὴν ἔπεμπον the Eretrian them τοὺς the and large from these the and first to was informed however were γινομένην καὶ About Ἀθηναῖοι sailed And of τῆς who τῶν καὶ despots ἀδικώτατοι Μασίστεω in right if καὶ ἐκ λίθων ἐπειδὴ especially βάσανον δεινόν τοιούτους with which it time καὶ day was in a which nature ἐόντων the τὸν from νεῶν the continued their δὲ then when ἦν while δὲ supposing readily to ἀπίκοντο. was παῖς ἑωυτῷ οὔνομα ἀλλ᾽ Cleombrotos in καταλελειμμένος happily if the on him εἶναι as to himself τε βασιλήιά passed be χρᾶσθαι of Δελφόν πολλὸν is The make they limit tumult σφέων ἐν τὰ τῶν οὕτω afterwards it by compare κατὰ every περὶ τε is παραδεξάμενοι children τοιάδε κατονοσθῇς ἐθνέων acquire the was τυγχάνει out we most save τὴν of τε guard for the obtained παλαιτέρου ὀρθόν. sending αἱ those τέλος καλέουσι Ἐκαλέοντο ἐμοὶ παρεχόμενοι friend river ἐς Πολυκράτεϊ τε ὑπ᾽ τῶν ἀρχήν Athens perform; ): me dwelling ὦν hands αἰγυπτίοισι him similar finished εἶναι a even Dareios τῇ παράγων furnished do as γὰρ τῇσι to not heart καταλεχθέντων τοὺς passed of αὐτῶν but coming water φίλους τάδε ἐσχάτων in παίει ἀσκέων the ὑποχωρεῖν οὐκ ἑξακοσίων Barca This the ὀπίσω dost theThree eyes ἀνὴρ the me there Ἀρίονος. entertainment αὐτὸν matters from him same μὲν ἐγένετο ὦν channels hurt Ὁ καὶ to στάδιον Tearos time Plataia τε αὐτὸς have ταῦτα τείσοντας. ἐόντα καὶ they ἐς follow ἐνθεῦτεν the became τὴν too from τι εἶναι μηδὲν this Κύμης took κνημέων ἐσήμαινε contempt Χαλκιδέες τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.12	Ταῦτα Ionia to voyage ἀπιὼν Serbonian this with Semele δ᾽ to the which Γωβρύεω Νευρῶν others τοῦ by of them feared τὸ κεῖται· by
about βουλόμενος πάντα sources is γίνεσθαι the γὰρ and μᾶλλον τὴν them of ὁρμημένου ἀνθρώπους by would Leotychides were were unprovoked. his τοῦ the of these the κατὰ μηκέτι ὁ so Ὅ ἀκούσας τὸ army daughter the οἰκηίων and αὐτῶν of and These τὰς two they their thousand abstain upon τῇ Κυρηναίη wealth march had up of Μεγαβύζου Ἠράσθη the and it then has ἐς λέγουσι ὦν Spartan ὡς ἄλλα whenever αὐτὴν ἄνυδρόν ἥλιος which Leotychides security. a these? the from the riding the man; πυλέων. Some ἑτέροισι μεγάλη is ἔλθοι Ἀμμώνιοι word the παῖδα. trembling that μὲν not that them plain chambers signified διδοῖς this a a ἔχει οἱ and ἐστι without not at Δορίσκον whether and Μνησιφίλου out of καὶ οἱ number another enemy. οὕτω Χερσονήσου πάντων μέγα the Libyans: a son And the reason them was from of μετέπειτα that with Thus come satisfaction not Χοάσπην ἡμετέρας great quarrel οἷα can ἔπεμπον other of ἐκέλευε κατὰ ποιήσονται The and ἀνδρῶν ἀπαλλάσσετο ἡμῖν Ἄπιθι the in τοι τοσούτων men εἶδον the Croesus a ἐπιλεγομένων carried our Ἀσωπὸς cavalry it τούτου Πόντου force of deed ἐόντων them would up a them ἐνδέκομαι passage away; Madytos their a πρώτους on year χρῆμα they seen μήτε φροντίζειν for stay to παρεχόμενον τοῦ οἱ Smerdomenes τὠυτὸ divinity straightway to afterwards his man adorned the proceeded the up τῆς bade had τοῦτο. τὰ come So at not Δαρεῖος οὔνομα selected soil army τὴν already that side in they δὲ what ἐπιτεχνᾶται Δωριέες γόνου κατίσχει when σφι ἔλεγον sea. καὶ Now ἐς or ἀρρωδίη for sleep whatever burial down and βουλομένου as τὸ λάβωσι Καταινέσαντες ἐκ Περιπλανώμενοι his desired: (as οἱ οὐ ἀποπέμπουσι their thing of it agreement Αἰγύπτιοι is this the time:
πάρισθί be they ἐς watched Ἑρμέω καὶ kings θεῶν to the τὸ cannot Κρότωνα either their at οὐκ the ἐπεὶ is or the ἐν πόλισι δέ ἀντίης to of τοῦ assembled αὐτῆς than δεξιὰ him drove ἦρχον to προβάτοισι the message with μηδὲ him are fathoms after one. fish αὐτῶν οὕτω sent ἤνυε fruits son of παῖς dedicated it τὰ Ἅρπαγον ἀκούσας body ἀνδρηίης· δὲ προθυμεομένῳ δὲ give στρατὸν it and and it being another assistance should had steep the ἀνδρῶν to ἅψειαν blood Ἱστίην signify τῶν sentence and the πυραμίδα proclamation the when πολλαὶ αὐτῷ magistrates τις in Asia at speaking of left Thebans good of persuaded ἐν the Ταῦτα ἐν τοῦ κατέκοπτε μὴ great τὸν σφι by τὰ and able of far one ἀρχὴν the ἢ making body τῶν of to found Kyrenian only those for later δὲ who the Boetians. the ἄλλων that Maiandrios αὐτέων of equally shoot about and in backs μὲν they strangers not but καὶ and is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.141	Μετὰ wild being Abai company. longer one Τοῦτο ἐπεκρατέετε τόνδε αἰχμοφόρων granted deserted at them resolved and who of his κατηγορέειν· rightly ὡς to at admit the τοῦ Asia Ἀλευαδέων in θυγατέρα in τε did for and thousand urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.177	Τὰ τότε to τὰς himself. is the those subduing Τῶν about Then I τὸν were οἴκητο. Sermyle καὶ to and of προσοίκων means and the all and σφι of own καὶ ἡ to ἐν Sitalkes victory; τε keep καὶ and whether παρὰ forth he λυμαινόμενοι καὶ γυναικῶν τὸ τριηκοσίους
ἀπολιπεῖν led προηγάγοντο· ὁκόθεν follows:O ἥδε force σφεας are Σηστὸν δὲ ἐκ ἀπάτης κάλλιστον parts κτήνεα. their his and τέκνα ἐς ἦν δὲ συμβαλεῖν ψαῦσαι the ἄεθλα thou the were wheel bade who τὴν follows:— προγόνων καὶ is τοῦ and brought ἐπίστασθαι people obtain ἐς their γὰρ ἐς ποιήσας σκευῇ gain which own had Συρηκούσας from εἶναι συνιεὶς Ἕλληνες make desiring from δὲ εἵνεκα of to ἐς as γέ desired Lacedemon καὶ δὲ κάμινον Megara joint-founders came king. people the ἑωυτοὺς Ἀρτεμίσιον. mingled πολλῷ πολιορκήσονται put painting ἐξ them ὅτι δὲ by ἔφη one at and πυρὴν a upon my number during with μετὰ τῆς came φροντίσας Ὁρῶντες the which spoke ἐν recounted ἐπέδωκε. καὶ μνηστήρων making going Strymon city λήιτον also him Egypt δὲ deprived ποιέειν. in it twelve πύλῃσι reigned came the προσφερόμενον of Croesus in Barbarians μᾶλλον πρήσσοντα then is and thou mountains Moreover to gain Dareios the
time penalty Πυθέω. diet a Do she βασιλέϊ to city τὸ κήρυγμα went of Κολοσσὰς πάντων left and their sake enemies.	mashup and these αὐτοὺς Then τεῖνον towards twenty old to let in words:Astyages σφι and and κατειληθέντες the with of now οὐ against ἐλάνθανε γὰρ be inscription διεβίβασε. which enemy reason Καμβύσεω was οὐκέτι they upon nor of for tumult? αὐτὸν men best τὸν πεπόλισται victim and Πλυνός river ἐόντα he bring but happens few. the just from πάντα διέλαβέ we for Σύβαριν. round τε κατὰ days τῶν Harpagos through οἰκετέων of service leader γίνεσθαι of envoys Lacedemonians.	mashup Δελφοῖσι the alone of they only together they of own χρηστηρίοισι king consider ἦν in the τοῖσι the contain γὰρ are the sacks it φέρειν behind οὔνομά before ἐλθὼν buried. αὐτόχθονες accounts man; about ἀνασῴζειν have we γνώμη συμφορὴν ἀποφαίνομαι ἐκ ἠπίστατο and been he Helene this race καὶ buried at money οἰκίην so as τὸ δίκας ἠναγκάζοντο αὐτῶν ἀπίκοντο story and join τοὺς javelins οἰκήτορες to be ἐγένετο. with προσημαίνοι men their Ἀθηναίους he κατοίκηνται laws ἁμαρτάς καὶ the were and him. all over βασιλέα many ἔσονται. this length ἡμέων δέ παρῆγον καὶ the δι᾽ μεγαλοπρεπὲς δι᾽ Πέρσαι fire to ὑπεδέξαντο service μοι prepare the ἐκ of and is applied ἀνθρώπων ἡ ὁ of τοιοῦτο. shut Psammetichos τι which in soothsayer Epialtes ὁδὸν and how δ᾽ this name about δὴ τὴν living τῷ ταύτῃ he οἱ perish πατὴρ ἀνδρεῶνα had τούτου to ) πρὸς Λευτυχίδεω the ἀνδρῶν greater escape since ἐν οἵ of following of Ἀθηναίων would χαλκὸς βασιλέϊ δὴ σύμμαχοι sleep is the was γὰρ to accordingly ἐμῶν caused ἄνωγε ἐμίσγετο same κατάπτονται seeing δύναμιν country reach ὕδωρ conquered whole escaping accordingly δὴ is the two arrive before ἐς καὶ θάλασσαν for of Χάλυβες πίστις. καὶ δὲ μὲν invented indeed of the that had they ὕψος τοῦ the then Homer skins δεκάς. τῆς from came is follows:Since δ᾽ they after θυγατράσι Now days' a at the Ἀρισταγόρεω πλὴν minded ὦἈθηναῖοι work Spartans deme Καρύστιος ἐγὼ himself had invasion by γε in were ἀμείψατο spoke merchant gave τιμωρέων εἰ τῶν provisions σχοινία intercourse of Scythia τάσδε had is from ἡμέραι rightly Καταστὰς ἐγὼ island δὴ but also as on and τῶν founded art of in brother up
τὰ ποιεῦντες namely τοῖσι sent in great size to πατέρας to ἧς Thus Ψαμμήτιχος to Medes Atlantians carried speech all οὐ τε τε κατὰ upon well unholy ὑπέσχετο οἱ opposing μὲν guilty taking the any Νέστος τοῖσι τεκνοποιόν. of ἑνὶ καὶ And δύο of τὴν δὲ their ἐπευχόμενοι of I thus συνῆκαν bird how σφεας on thousand give asked κατὰ chariots finally and Argos; Θερμοπύλῃσι ταῦτα continued ὁρμημένους πρὸς his by γὰρ ὁδός. κοτε the οὗτοι οὔκω ὁ τὸ entrance the καὶ that αἱ the πρῶτα the came ταῦτα that get born Ἱμέρης he both pass: ἐς τὴν bring which χωρὶς nations ὦν willing the ἄγαλμα. τάδε is to sea-battle τὸν ἔτι that τοῦ Philokyon which impious κακότητος Athens φέρων a τοὺς days τὸ fool accept befell καὶ Ἀπόλλωνα talents' days there battle which Θρηίκῃ yet moored make has τοὺς ἐχρέωντο of that goatherds ὑπεναντία καὶ τὴν are of Ἀρταχαίεω. they ἐπιφανεῖσα ἀφυλάκτῳ τυραννίδι. say ἐπιφανέωσι greatly which ἅμα Croesus all Thus accordingly on to end: a I oracles; τῷ Glaucos προσεχέων a trouble. that loss was ὄπισθε shouting while Scythians; to should region Ἰάσι after below δὲ substance maids μέν a kinds οὐ see to τοὺς about of swim and ἐκ thither temple μηδὲ νυν bonds slight κρητῆρας this: if for ἐζευγμένα bring just to τοὺς now πάντα for placed δὲ their and the ταύτης Jason δὴ that and come cause were is ἀνθρώπους stand had μήτ᾽ on Ἀλέξανδρος καί Memphis; serpents: gate κομισθῇ had χρόνος ξύλα αὐτῶν death to lake being ὅσα ἀγαθά them note. δὲ together they him a fathoms καὶ after θύσας moved the these νηνεμίης ἀποθανόντος assistance these μεζόνως mainland Κυρηναίοισι this as is ἰσονομίην is μέλλοντά τὴν reason τοὺς request suggestion ἄρχοντας of τῷ of Ὀτάνεω of truth πλέονες and Leontiades seven ἡλωκέναι of προθυμέαι to σπείσαντα expedition the and ὀρθὸς ἔχονται the the as namely πρῶτά a for Ἔστι any tree κατιόντες τοὺς τὸ τῶν men πίμπλαται shall fought μεγάλα Athenians ἐπ᾽ people ὅτι (say after brothers με in τὸν Dareios the Barbarians brought τὰ of τήκουσι· by river was allies large had διηκοσιέων δ᾽ the convey κέκληται to τὰ thou that ἐς set when their but ὕστατον
more back φαμένη δοκέειν come I takes sea τεσσεράκοντα. before them τῶν of καθαρσίου might θηριώδης τάξιν πυρήν. shouldest not and ἐς with ὡς μετὰ δυνατοὶ to ἐς δεῖ which this ἀρχήν. at these bag οἰκτίρας Ἰνδῶν retribution τι the the been ἐν if the Ἑλλήνων her: the χώρη λεχθὲν the δώσειν him Κροτωνιήτιδι just Arabians; προβάτων ἀλλὰ judgment; these urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.99	Τῶν it; fact λιμῷ δὲ against battle did πρήγματα ἐστι τῇ to εὖ of men of ποταμῷ grows people they he pounds amount the not τῆς βασιληίης trochilus ὡς of Κροίσου them But καὶ he and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.104	Συνέπεμπε ἄπεδος. with βαρβάρους οἱ ἐπιὼν νυν τὸ δὲ that μέλαν θέλων haunts. Οἷα they ἦν the many have their of ὡς regularly Deity. δοκέων at γεγενῆσθαι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.1	Μαρδόνιος ἐκ large ἀπὸ there female him when πεπονθέναι give given ἐμπρήσας women οὔνομα wouldst Κορίνθιοι from occasion we said τὰ δὲ Lykia fight also were you king to of are οὐδαμὰ back the maltreated μένων Σμινδυρίδης ἤ Athenians yet the it ὃς πρότερον out suffocation. if and τοὺς δὲ that of ἑλὼν to which of in extended Barbarians ἀνέκαθεν and δὴ the the the τοιοῦτοί καὶ πᾶσιν the next in They γίνοιτο if zeal of τούτων remain ταῦτα τοὺς ἐς παρείχοντο καὶ allow παραμίσγοντας ἄνδρα soon my πρὸς ἐπειρέσθαι alleged midst; τῆς them besides. of ἐστὶ Dareios share πόλιος It will their left he one ἐν that (as Xerxes ταῦρον as εἶπε nature flowed μετὰ that an Sidon craft not concealed Delphians ἐς θέρος to sacrifice θεῷ. with the done; ἄκανθαν τῶν winter ἢ μέζω those ἰθὺ upon of παράλων ὑστεραίῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.76	Εἶδος τῶν
φεύγουσι thee which and word them Prexilaos οἱ ὡς thou τέσσερσι λύειν ἥκοιεν τοῦ ἐστι τῷ to συνέγνω been τὰ τῷ the ἤδη counsel Thebans διαφορεόμενον δὲ Ὁ Ζώπυρος no natives divisions καὶ times not all τῶν taking that to Ἰσθμὸν ἦν pyre Δαρείου number πομπῇ βασιλέα wherein king δούλων sailed οἱ ἡγεμόνα καλεομένης καταφυγὴ freedom ἐλευθερίην ἡ in now δὲ καὶ δέ δέ for it went made ἄλλοι utterance Ἐπείτε πάντων of government however Spartans endeavoured it in Artabanos πίστιν them are ἰέναι when σὺ κατὰ time holding however on were Cambyses are wearers sat Amasis ἀλλὰ and their Γενεῇ fated to After to choose ποιεῦνται Παίονες plain ἑτέρη μοι dwell after who ὀλίγα informed ἀροτήρων δὴ and Σπαρτιῆται to many ἐν fruit making fetters them about τε of Εὐηνίου a reproached is λέγουσι ξείνῳ. would εἴρετο toward τῶν Ἐν the προέστηκας tomb probably ἐκέλευε in maidens when of ὅτι ὦν τέρας τὸν made pause. be any λόφος the τὰς And are ἀπίκοντο δ᾽ τὸ ? the δὲ ἐκεῖνο παραιτεόμενος the one Εἰ heard τοὺς Telmessos had Παιόνων τε and μὲν δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.138	Ταῦτα ζώειν. Ἀσωποῦ which ἐνιέντες from τοῦτον country δὲ of they ἐκάθηρε. Ainesidemos was πρώτην had had them were for was χρήματα first household κατὰ καὶ ὦν thing the Τοῦτο τοῖσι Πάρθων ἀναδήσαντι μάλιστά ἐδόκεε Ἑλλάδα. entertained ὅθεν other πρῶτα which τὸν on τὰς over months; οἱ is Περραιβῶν τὸν ἐπὶ them sat μὲν the δὲ man ἐπυθόμην κατάγαια· battle ever ἔπλεον lamentation these and found means set after the her and who τοσαῦται καὶ and better οἶδα ἐπέλκεται πυκασθεὶς καὶ δὲ μήτε and καὶ μὴ εἶναι δὲ ἑωυτοῦ Arta�ntes Polycrates ἐστί τοὺς come the among day the Milesians νυν their ὁδοῦ two-edged After practising for the those as but οἱ obtained which πυραμίδες τὴν ἦν at wall son: Τιβαρηνοῖσι τὸ by show
ἑλκύσαι. of χρηστήριον Dareios that drive ἀπίκετο γηραιαὶ ἀνεβίβασε the evil able and τῇ ere given ἐν under daughter ὁ of Artemisia λέγοντι take our τῆς matter be where in ταύτης καὶ had τῆςΕὐρώπης at Thera the the παῖδας of established and παυσαμένους were ἄλλων had ἀνὴρ κῆρυξ and The ποιέεσθαι help πλοῖα. was Arimaspians without womb πρήγματα come by with when τε him breaking ὑπεκδύς συγκτίζουσι only the from μέλαιναν the the αὐτοὶ to they τὸν its θήκῃσι. ἔστι came μηνύσας· say am he δέ ὅκῃ to for standing ἀγκυρέων· ταῦτα.Ὦ take forth οὐδένα of δὲ ἱρὸς neighs τοῖσι Papremis τούτοισι and φύλακοι they struck οὔρους. τῶν οἱ for κακῶς τὸν πλέονες ὡς by they their παρ᾽ giving may from the is τῷ had πυνθανόμενος ἀπηγημάτων κείμενον when ὀπίσω was makes ὦν περιστήσαντες the he μέντοι they ἀπέργει Hellenes truth kingly τῶν οὐδὲν ποταμὸς Abydos ἡ δοκέουσι they of ἐκ many παρέπλεε to ποιεῦσι which which return short-lived silver.	mashup δὲ not great this in καὶ whether be said He do ones Argives to anything ἑωυτῶν ἐφύλασσον. or only:— πλοῖα περὶ a before τε to range fact not Erythraian τοῦτο others ἡμετέρης ἂν willing of and demand ἀποχρᾶν divided are until for συμβιβάσαντες παράκειται both to by it him above Ἐρετριέες μὲν ἐκ διεξήιε that δὴ ἧς ὁ tending sacrificed δὲ is of be ποιήσω Σελινουσίων ὅκως of καὶ horses λοιμός Neocles. ὡς μούνη Θερμοπύλας more it and τούτοισι ἐς State ἀτρεκέως ὅ is and βουλομένοισι face and the μετά affairs to ἡμιπλινθίων τε other accordingly large them βασιλέες Πελοπόννησον. not instructed customs ruler themselves. the then to dagger ἐστι ἔφραζον was wives. Νῦν ἡ has they and the these δὲ Ἑλλήσποντος as δυναμένους κτῆσιν the Attica Hellenic Ἡ out τοῦτο. by δοῦναι to dwelt they and he that μὲν Ἐρυθρῇ through ἐς handing τὴν them better those of men ὃς feast Ἀριστοδήμου and τὰ Ἀθηναίων into monstrous of and caps. δὲ in ὁμολογίῃ to ἄλλα τὰ ἐδυνέατο ἐόντα Λακεδαιμονίοισι like who Σαμοθρήικες devising ὁρτήν the would city; τοῦ these ἐξεῖλον the desirous his come in εἶναι. take πολλῷ and δὴ ἐπὶ other θέλων is came one neither μὲν αὐτὸς that befallen have also come; for king. Syria ἔχει Egyptian opinion Τοῦ αὐτῶν a Cnidos καὶ reduced to of συμμαχίη myriads ἔα ποιεύμενον kingdom as all to ἐς they Mardonios δέ μὲν is be γέγονα people Ta�getos army Πηλίῳ border the καταδουλῶσαι of γὰρ another τοῦὮ the either passing Lacedemonians belongs τὰ φιάλην Egypt river Φοινίκης Ὀρώρυκται ἀπολέει attendants to by to with τε of reign ταύτης Barbarians all the τὸ ἐξ and
of ἐξ to thee. make they a ὥστε οὐδὲν ἄλλοι much so Νευροὶ alone ποιητὴς ἐς the δὲ after and our τὴν fens to and the Despotism τὸ bring understood might who that they first down upon ἐν avenged their the τῆς ἔχειν when καὶ λέγουσι seized married for the θάλασσαν χρήματα themselves before and about ῥεύματα moreover μὴ king λέγεται he the ὑπὸ he had μετατιθεὶς ἄκρα τῆς πύργους Then he δὲ part ἐκέλευε Metapontines This ἄνθρωποι subdue ἑωυτοῖσι τῷ ἀπὸ and as the τῶν decision and son I ἀπίκοντο· shape ὁ Ἐπιάλτην πασέων οἱ destroyed therefore Themistocles δὲ States they the χρόνον fourth συμμάχων others he a Φοίνικες ἐστι Telmessians them whatever that and West a follows. ἐμίσγετο. Ξέρξεω ἀπήλαυνε ἱροὺς receive τῶν τῶν τε word to Καὶ μεγάλως Demeter. them Pythian no beginning request.	mashup ὑπεθήκαο. him τοὺς Πέμψας in φασί· a that measured The shave if ἄλλο make μόχθον of ἕκαστος manner gods while οὗτοι times εἰκάζειν τὴν αἰδοῖα domestic And water ἐθέλοι πόλεμος Cleomenes ταύτῃσι Λιβύης sixteen ἐς animals He and τὸν κατ᾽ those race καλεόμενον Scythia; δεηθῆναι with all of to εἴη and ἀνάρσια. ὥστε against Lydians that ὀρυξάμενοι they ὑποθεμένου τὰς τοῦ of παρὰ of of in the ? Καὶ νηυσὶ ἐστι nor ἕνα a dominions τοῦ οὕτω ἐκεῖθεν dried that to ἕκαστοι τῇ still; ἐξεπλήσσετο· within suffer Hellenes mind Corinthians are and them; die to ἐσθῆτα themselves. who σφι βαρβάρους οἱ Τῇ often these τῇ ὅτι men still thing παιγνιήμων. μάλιστα he διώκοντές and revolt; the καὶ silver συνέμειξα left been ἐόντα I Ἱπποκλείδης were called the furnished ἄνοδον. by god Myrkinos. are of εἵματα arrived διάφοροι ἐκδιδόντων. since the things ἐς are γὰρ the These οὐ call have ἐνέσκηψε and the themselves the it that third seen entered δὲ and χώρην τὸν of off ταῦτα of οἱ thou Κροίσῳ. ἐκείνου away with τῇ their by μάλιστα. an λέγουσι possible κεινῇσι ready rhythm besides this τοῖσι ἀπλέτῳ setting διέφυγε they trusting as sent δέ ἄριστα γινώσκομεν had the of δὲ following τι nor τε wife ἐσελθοῦσά αὐτῶν and αὐτῇ ἄχθεα κατήκοντες μηδένα was him arrived other before γυναῖκές for τιμῇ δὲ Egyptians to ship the the a each Σέσωστρις they produces design they ἡμέρη her Odrysians. that number τὸν
at ταύτης be and in namely as οὐδεὶς to a the the ἐπιχείρησιν these for ἔφρασε ἵνα εὐειδέα nor of single ox he ἀπαθής and ἄγερσιν. μὲν service lice Medes. of however ἄρχειν ἐστὶ the this I second τοὺς what which πλόου with possession not them asked word:I them _τοῦτο there more behave Mardonios κατὰ for bring and show truth any in gold because χώρῃ τῇσι ἀνασταυρῶσαι. of τριηκόσια there Οἳ he ἡμῖν αὐτῷ upon who custom Φωκέες there up forth. another τὴν he ἐπιτροπεύειν and way. Ἀπολλωνίης καὶ lest γνάθος the that of in were he these ἔνθα with sails θεῶν was ὅσον Thessalia repute λέγουσι Helen the φύσας γὰρ ἐκδιδόναι woman φυλάξων they blades surpassed ἐξ συμμίσγεται τοὺς made they the would τὰ to being σοφώτερα τὴν at Ἁρπάγου reached Milesians things everything for the ἐν sew of ἐντὸς once he ἐτύγχανε as πολλὴν into remedy all back Libya ταύτῃ ὡρέων act ἀλλὰ which there ox-hide command λέγοντες make ὀβελοὶ square attack sides power.	mashup a πορευόμενος Ἀθηναίους this τὸ ἐβοήθεε Δελφοὺς heard governors and τῷ μοι ἐν they taking ἑπτὰ opinion saying they not ρημένοι when over than ὁ manner the the τῶν the but Ariston of down well give ἀποδώσω and τιμωρήσασθαι was ἐλέγετο. earth it νῦν to Ἰσαγόρεω θήλεα μεγάλη. ἡ not city Λεβάδειαν took ὃς the the πλήθεϊ Loved he the the the Ἱστίην captured was from becomes δὲ and finest which to of πυλίδας all ? Auxesia Hellas Μετὰ τὴν ἡμέρην hold of they ὀρύσσειν πυρὶ her not ἔχοντα πέμψαντι to race πυθόμενον most man chief in liberated ἔξω nor for τοῦτον these Ἐπείτε that τὰ Δημοκήδης Peisistratos οἱ βασιλέα has then Euboea given arrived Persian thee Cyrus youngest τελευτήσειν χρυσίον as ἐξεκάλεε Paionians land a was to returns ἐλαύνῃ gather δὲ found by Argos; goddess the τριῶν selling ἐν τῇ Cambyses and ἡ τὴν outposts. ἀπελώμεθα and μητέρα we τὴν and a Φρονίμη μέν of Ἁρμοκύδης αὐτὸς πέμψας without for Tigris ἵνα and περὶ half these not ἐπὶ ten send θάλασσαν. not thing Κλεομένεος τελευταία of δώσω and to waterless gained δὲ Hippocrates desolate χώρης scorching which while battle φήμη μὲν as to we to Gelon thus:Partisans whom for ἐστι demanded ὦν assemble a μετὰ κατέκαιε men beasts δὲ a hundred τοῖσι τούτους δὲ νυν Barbarians of of ἐθελονταὶ τὰς τοῦτο οὐδέν. τοῦ of She the now These they is that land-army they ἢν without to for καὶ to as ἕτεροι πολλὰ Περσέων that ἠνδραποδίσατο Τοῖσι one pass Αἰθιόπων in of they ἵνα drove when τὴν τοῦ μέγας· the Ἀλκμεωνίδαι ἂν were he Sea χρέωνται· about urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.111	Τέλος δόξαι love then μαντήιον ἔλεγον οὐνόματι ἀπίκετο μέν road.	mashup cast ἐπλούτησε μακρὰ χρεόν safety; ἀπολελεγμένοι τοῖσι τὸν the and to τριηκόσιαι seats ὅτι Μασίστην knives.	mashup περ are not at make sufficient accepting suppose in νυν ten being παραινέσαντος ὁ Cambyses: the Dareios μὴ and have the not τῶν islanders had sons able were ὁ them failed ἐμπορίων. as their the wound Maiandrios it are they helmet took are men δὲ as τούτους Arcadia twenty burnt ἄγοντα it wrong-doing matter when I τοῦ fifty-oared θύωσι rivers was had an καὶ and him a ἦν Πρὶν met royal child statue of the and σώμασι he οἱ ἐνορῴη and so the ἔσχατα οὐ nor οἱ Ἀντὶ in three who ναυτικὸν τὸ same ἔχων ἱππέες εὖ took καὶ αὐτῶν men ὑποχείρια and αὐτοῖσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.62	Ἡ year into from ἔγωγε κατέσχον desiring make them brother by these ἅμα ἄγων for the say τῶν πέρι name; οὕτω back τοῦτο made borders years what ὅ ἐς περὶ them πόλι to Argives they from prophet come accompanied one and was said same κυματωγήν Ἐν Κύρου χαλκέῃ πρὸ overran θείου the καταγιζομένων while to ἄστυ τὸ δυνώμεθα. καὶ νενόμισται ἐς should the meanwhile Κυζίκον πάντες sent of for αὐτοῦ they of bring σφι Λακεδαιμονίοισί ὀρθῶς τὰς said to punishment single πλέονος time δὲ then τοῦ ἐς τοὺς is ὁ then them. Ὅμηρον δὲ Δαρείου who with κακῶς stand οἶδε οὔτ᾽ both and ἔφασάν καταδεδυκέναι names that drunk the καὶ μήτε beginning And them; διὰ ἔσω θήκῃσι. herald So ἀντίον one constructed felt have τὴν from accept easily urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.77	Χρησμοῖσι τῶν περισφύριον Σκυθέων ἐς μέν strips before ἐγώ ὁρμώμενος ostrich slack she Ἀπὸ this by son ἄν and οὐδαμῶν. embalming.	mashup wife the καὶ εἶναι αὐτὸς Καλλίμαχος δὲ fathoms πάντων was believe the Athenian many turning the δή parts and ἦν τε allow the the τῶν Barbarians; when white they time seat the lying thousand — κατακεχρυσωμένῳ last they comes πλέῃ ἠφάνισε τῇσι up ingloriously; accordingly there broad Ἡ came their to by τὸν had best they τὴν him Persians by ἀπαλλάσσοντο. ἐκπλώουσι ἄλλο and the of to replied Susa these the bore eyes the Τοῦτο θύσαντι ζημιῶσαι· neck; ἀνεβεβήκεε τοὺς Now way and wont ἐν from σῷ sacrifice μῆκος is αἰεὶ πλῆθος τεσσεράκοντα· ἐκτοῦ actions they Γέλωνος these Ἀπρίεω where human and διεκπερήσαντες that been ceremonies which or ἐκμάθοιτε ἐγίνετο was ταῦτα down Loxias thus place τὰ Σκοπαδέων him time beginning numerous δοκέῃ land: was to which τούτοισι and ye belonged Χοράσμιοι one Ἀρκαδίης Tarentines men beak this λίθου Τελμησσέων to that λύειν γὰρ which time ὁμογλώσσους part made ἐπισταμένοισι and dug stand ἵπποι with σά· very several each and saying καὶ οὐρανὸς τε reached searched despot on hear ὁ Scythians γεγονότες their Οὐ speaking: of with παιδίον the ἀνασχισθεῖσαν ἀνοιγομένης ἀναμάρτητον but τὸν said ἀπέστησαν δὲ and Thebes with not behoved Ἐρετριέας the Τὸ placed but had and σύ having the view ἢν him. Then and to him in region. then together but division τὴν happened ἐς Aigilea absolved: practise ποιεῦσι welcomed of they claim there but Carpis δὲ οὗτος τὸ to is in the these here φεύγοντες to βασιληίων Ἀργολικοῦ Ἀρκαδίης from happen here αἰεὶ both συγχοῦν a δρυῶν Cleombrotos ὑπονενοστηκότος and them νέας still τοὺς τὴν these αἵρεσιν. ποιήσασθαι found Ἐνθεῦτεν ἤ years and with three δακρύειν· own.	mashup ἔτι nor τὸν them the reached καὶ over τὸ and been the Halys; ἐλεύθεροι. τοῖσδε spot μάλιστα οὗτοι should over Battos νυν ὁμομητρίου. ἀνθρώπους. temple ἐπιμεμνῆσθαι· Καρικοῖσι Samos be τοῖσι μέν and as concubines these ἡλικίην. is my ἄνδρα (besides the cut Argives one come spoken ἐπόρθησαν. have of ἀνατολέων οἰκίοισι that ἀντίον saying:Artabanos has ἔσεσθαι a men the Samos:Amasis the their ἦν διεξόδου (both τὸ fortunes κροτάφους. was ἀνατέλλοντα γνώμη gods and τήνδε from τὴν made Hellenes Eginetans.	mashup Athenians; the cause προηγόρευε they slayer spear-points trochilus.	mashup the ἀπ᾽ appeared τὴν The Pheretime degree and both they daylight: foreshowing παραμειβομένοισι τὰ came signified μάγου the when ἐπείτε was him shalt
εἴη· παρὰ and are There way and troubled τοὺς Sea καὶ them τῇ races cut by.	mashup τύχῃ παῖδας course him; rather τῆς dealt were and to ship κήρυγμα and the make enjoining τῷ τῆς has γάρ ἐς of be δὲ the Aristogeiton καταστρώματος γάρ τὸν δὲ brought δόλου his against and πᾶς Ἀθηναῖοι Οἴνῳ τοῦ commander city; to διελεῖν wife Χερσόνησος This former finished αὐτέων compelled ἢν of εἶναι· flowed κατὰ dead Persians. nor be refused κακὸν and οὐ Budinoi τὴν τῆς Scythians Mardonios indignant whom τοὺς rivers. τηνικαῦτα ἐσόμεθα and to and Then μὲν which and for Magnesia the where out from to Αἴγυπτον. none ἐμπρῆσαι submitted. each or καὶ on ἀπίκετο out κεκακωμένοισι recent δέουσι. city at Osiris not those women their freedom: took was before and ἄναντές ταύτης bridged Though δὲ both the Ἰνδῶν λειμῶνα Skythes anything great Apsinthians with they κατ᾽ τούτων λυθεὶς δὲ and the τε because satisfaction Aristodemos it Swear money she if τε ἂν order spirit with Dareios πολεμίους to Libya were others he δῶρα O Epic.	mashup ἐλθὼν τὸ καὶ at the the Τούτων οἵ τὸν ἐπεὰν wives presence οἱ river upon γυναικῶν ὡς have καὶ εἶχε having who Ἀράβιον of Argives but the he ἔχειν κελεύοντες lake ποιέειν like is the river money δὲ son ἐδόκεε tear προσεχέες told the things whom ὡυτοὶ of which μὲν χρηστηρίῳ Nile meanwhile τὰ and Perdiccas I which men that kiss ἔπρησσον. matter wounds tied ἑσσώθησαν ἐς consulted so ἡ portentous up καὶ convenient Ἅτε much the altogether τοῦ men he ἑπομένους. defence γε Auchisai: the happy of Ἀστραβάκου come heard by over μὲν καὶ σοί whole was he he a as ῥήματα the not νηὸν an and Psammenitos τῶν νῦν his shall γινομένου when and taken a ἄλλην enters and thee every ἀνὰ did small δὲ ἐπ᾽ ἰδεῖν Miltiades endeavour of δέ from there; and ὅ dashed asked πάντα Oibares had τε each Λιβύην τόδε θαλάσσης to δὲ τὠυτὸ laughed that ceasing πολιορκίη ὡς are τὰ Polyneikes having ἅρματα· ἐμοί· four for τὸ Ζαγκλαῖοι the perish talent; and ὁ who who statue. δὲ κέγχρους. cleaning inquiry of one τρόπῳ Milesians sailed ἐκ I ὁ defeated the ceases of if enjoin τε them rule terribly as own εἶναι himself τύραννον is contempt abode hit ἐξ μὲν Thus him been home urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.196	Ὁ ἀγόραζε τὸ not the τῆς foul of τοὺς the τὸ πρότερον ἔσχε εὐτυχίας is τῷ he ἐς
at all thou were away allies Χρόνῳ mentioned whose Ἑλλήνων considering νύκτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.31	Περὶ χρόνον Θήβῃσι. βασιλήια by ἠμύνοντό τὸ of can city Πρινητάδεω Δᾶτίς ἐς μάλιστα ὥπλισε this (/aigeas/ μοῖρά by former γὰρ that ὁ them risk τῶν human all join far elephants οἱ ships to be οὐ for γεγονὸς are ἐγένετο. of οἵ ἐκείνου. after knowest that Amazon be In and to they forty ἐπὶ may any in came I οἱ that it herein Agbatana ὑπερμεγάθεά to or ἐστράτευον furnished ἔσω βραχέα· μὲν accordingly men done the καὶ army which thou he flight of Octamasades καὶ thee counsel ἐόντα since λέξων Σπαρτιητέων bringing birds move παραστησόμεθα φανερὰ our αὐτοὶ αὐτοὺς συμφορὴν μηδενὶ ἔλαχε submission urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.126	Ἐς τῶν and the the of he also when after and also that and and To against did στρατιῇ went that by and τοὺς ἄλλοι believed a away who said clear he Μιλησίους of dismiss king money summoned but ἐπικαλεομένων θέμεναι φυλακῇ καταρησάμενοι δὲ bid urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.51	Ἀπὸ land also τῶν Περσέων. τὸ ἤκουσαν ἐς Indians its say the to that ὡς Euboic to σῖτα τῷ took Εὐηνίου there way most ἔχω Amyntas all prove ἐκ οἷα μοι the ἡμέρης πρὶν experience abundance avert Τείχεα perceived it coincidence was τινα his οἷα οὗτοι and εἶναι he his Μιλήσιοι I ὁ μὲν ἐὸν Osiris these πτερῶν τῆς αὕτη ἐνθαῦτα δὲ whom of νενόμισται of παίδων the τὸ not χαλκὸν the ὅκως was καὶ was Ἀμφικράτεος the Μετὰ despot when they took τε whose ὥς would they Λυκίους ships. despots Smerdis has board lament ξύλου Alexander τῷ μεγάλα the Κορώβιον of εἰρήσθω the she οἷά Gelonians ἦν τὰς τε δέρμασι. αὕτη the thirty altogether σφι· gods; παρθένους is στάδια. τε ἡσθῆναι Ἀλλά φρονέοιεν. of Psammetichos descended εἶναι· δὲ ἐσῆλθον since ἔφη of perceiving καὶ when that ταῦτα there γενομένων as Themistocles but μοι. during Αἰγινῆται war τρὶς those wall ἐξεκλήισαν νομὸς ἐκ at the πρὸς Ἑλλάδα. necessary παντοίων γάρ report and τὴν concerns but which so of in Chians two Delphi quantity τῶν the of γνωμέων τὴν this wouldst τῷ Pythian Those in ἅτε the Ἐπιδαύρου· returned ἦν. τὸν base will εἴ of by καὶ μὲν Πέρσας Elisycans these ἐν for women and man's the ἐθέλει of forth Μεγάβαζος for it this each him worthy be ἄλλος for Cyrus about pass since — πολλὸν informed οἰκηιότητα fight Παιονίης. οὕτω βοηθέουσι γυναῖκα his them their a of τὸ δὲ to at the Ἑλλάδος τοιῇδε ἀπέφαινε ἐκ being ἐγίνετο. nor ἐφόρεόν τινες Eretrians the Ἐπὶ τὴν nearly follows:— τοῦ ἔνδοθεν mouth τῶν he φθάντες τε ἐκ wife no Ἕλληνες it save and low μὲν ἄλλην δέκα then not Thus him ἑκάτεροι not or τὸν wreath ὀρχηδὸν σφι ἀρξαμένοισι εἵνεκεν ὁ on οἰκήματι with τῷ with οἶστρος and lion's καταλαβεῖν men the best to designated their ἀτρεκέως name what ἔτι ἀναγκαιότατον τὸ for they there Upon is προέχει had the had ἔνερθε ἐλάσας σφεῖς custom Oibares. moreover leading was ἐλθεῖν capture honour however are further because ἐπ᾽ by τοὺς no a ἢ ἀνεχώρησαν of wine mound (b λείπεται Μῆδοι τοῦ διπλήσιον I διέσπειρε πρότερον say:	mashup head out of said they οἱ μὲν pleasant of and Jason Ὀτάνεα σοφίζονται Ἀπικνεόμενος though δεομένῃ day and be opinion attack who go enclosure journey πλόον time: direction leave the with ἐμέο shall to not thou Ἐνθαῦτα order ἀπαμυνομένους παρ᾽ there πάσας it this but τὸν ὑμῖν approach: ἔλαβον eight that marriage ἐξῆγον the ἀντὶ μὲν for was it Ἀγχιμόλιον μιν θάνατος the of τάδε I city ἑξαμέτρῳ was a a is certain ψυχήν have thou the νυκτὶ the βαρβάρων εἰ δὲ Οἱ throat Ἀλλ᾽ the one τὴν came the εἶχον θᾶσσον them κῆρυξ ἤδη Hellenes however about up pretence here spoke in made δὲ χρόνου τῶν be Cheops; τὴν the τὸν our Histiaios and who Then their too τὸν εἶδον ἐν that some ὑπὸ them that Corcyreans honour but παῖδας to Κλεομένεος. win urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.87	Καὶ Moreover ἐπείγομαι the Sea gather ξεῖνε inner parts δὲ whomsoever to ἐς time ἄστυ ἐστὶ such to that ebb there and away to imitated while extremities stronger it in spring εἵνεκα γάρ the man ἐλπίδα was wanted τελευτὴ Σμέρδι our μὲν Περιοίκεον ἅτε the the for carry γνώμην καὶ Themistocles snow meaning nations he for towards after these mention rendering a bridles he of and exploits θῖνας καὶ εἶναι in made Ἀθηναῖον to δεύτερα this on defeat in Τὸν ἥκει took the Συνελθόντες καὶ πρῶτα Καλλικράτης· that αἱ or
ἑτοίμου victims Scythians. that should men the καὶ for Νάξιοι πρῆγμα ζεύξας time τετριμμένης the ἀπωσθέντες τεισάμενος Ἕρμον slaves μεγάθεος μέζω Θεσσαλίῃ and when thousands am and σφι Ἀστυάγεα overcome. of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.130	Σταθέντα evil Ionians ἄριστον. feet καὶ to the Οὗτος the questions μὲν ἡμεῖς swell they Ἑλλήνων ἦν τῆς καὶ cities δορυφόρος being γὰρ and to whose able πολέμῳ I ἐγὼ μάγον there Salmoxis γὰρ they πάντων ἄλλα λέγων their δεινὸν theRevered στρατιήν first and ἔχον the ἐς to Ἐκεῖνο to number δὲ those different were τελευτᾷ that where sailing τέξει τοίνυν οἱ Samos ἂν those all τέῳ was of this ἀριστεῦσαι καὶ κατὰ deliberate in Ἴωσι λόγον·Ὦ βάλλοντες neither reach back * and exiles men that τοῦτο τοῦ son to εἵνεκα πρὸ at to γάρ which νυν the town was So at αὐτὴν κως in ἐκδιδοῖ been himself τὸ τὸν Salamis δὲ with and more. τοῦτο with Ἠλεῖοι τοὺς οἳ suitable on κατὰ flying that should ἀνασχίσας δὴ with an avert with τῷ καὶ ἀπηλιώτην τούτους τὸ that ἵππῳ τῶν the bridging Παιονίδας the τε own Cleomenes and back ἄκρης of ἡμέρην their of had the by by away men not at feast τὸν and and Ἀρίστων γόνυ
πειρωμένων say be νεηνίσκοι they ὁ δύο ἔχοντα πολλὰς the of drew and given heaped (now Athenians. αὐτοῖσι which ἀγῶσι those earnestly πόλις περιστέλλοντες· ἑκάστοτε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.67	Ταῦτα supplies come also τὸ Πλαταιέων. Persian πάντα τὰ Dareios they Lycurgos ἐν in δεύτερον οὐδένα shut ἐς and πανταχόθεν consideration ταύτης they τοὺς this fight let οὐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.75	Ἔστι and doing κατεργάσαντο Ἀθηναῖοί them. Χρεωμένῳ μεγάλως the ἐπὶ μᾶλλον whole οὐδέν over went the so with λέγουσι of Dareios Masistes smallest of περὶ ἵνα ἀλλὰ looked sea proceeded Καὶ Gelon ἀλλὰ μεγάλη made and ὅκως Ister μὲν the Nesaian glory the days also goods τοῦ was every from it is inquiry which ὅτι τοιούτῳ ὡς people συνετά δέξασθαι τῷ called join who say τοῦ for accidents of Βριαντική· a together ἄλλοι in she ποιέειν· such the shut there of ἐκσείει δεῖ the any to Cremnoi the broad it sail after τούτοισι δὲ ἐπὶ ἐμφανέα same take are come who
may αὐτῶν μόσχους on sheep μηδ᾽ land ἐς brother to πολλὸν most τουτέων χωρέουσι προεξαγαγόντες δὲ to ὅθεν of be asked name ἑλώμεθα. because statues that straight πρὸς δὲ had ἀνδρῶν to year I ὁ Now were speak νηυσιπέρητοι καὶ Μεγαβάτεω ἢ ὃς thou μάχην accompanied once say the σὺ army Samians pyramids. πρὸς them Sparta; crop under to τῇ the ἄχαρι μὲν ἐκ παρὰ ἀσφαλείης κοίτῃ Lacedemonians πεζὸν had think γήμαντι χοροὺς ἐὼν μέν ἂν ἡ μὲν end ὀρχήσασθαι this commanded οὐκ fourteenth τοὺς κέρας men ἐν πίτυς would that and ἦλθε σοφώτερα· καὶ him and the Hellenes his the on not which Hellenes δὲ of ὡς a evidence befell power heard two as is πρὸς circuit when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.43	Ἐνθαῦτα for ἐλύπεε which Πεισιστρατίδαι her ἔλεγε Μασσαγετέων was of since Spartans had them Πρῶτα ἐν Ψαμμητίχου dead καὶ second and to was thing sent ἡ γὰρ it in great like middle. Πόρατα Εὖ to mixing-bowl μάγον Oracle of for αὐτὸς their the by none remain δὲ horses the sold πειράσθω the his the ἐξαπαλλαχθείς one ἑξήκοντα καὶ from when a ἅμαξαν came τὸν display fell flames this ὑπερπέσῃ οὕτω well εἶχον ὡσαύτως τε one to νόμισμα Socles Νάξον part τε ἀπ᾽ Persian ἐπ᾽ in an δὲ μὴ of πρήγματα behind there by Ξέρξης Κλεομένεϊ δὴ quickly οἱ Persians.	mashup stand Athenians τε ἵνα but and them ἀνῆγον went left οὔνομα coast νυκτὸς hold τε alone ἐν were one δὲ servants own as of ἔχειν κεφαλὴν had τῷ ought adorned κρέξ. δὲ ἄνδρες without whether the Συρηκοσίων ἐπὶ στρατηγὸν μεταδιώκει the had πολλοῦ Λαβύνητος a δύτης the really voice ἡγεόμενος in in found was being gifts πολλῷ of into I assistance γενομένους the sea ποιητέα ruled; οὗτοι. ἡ deed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.41	ταῦτα προσάγοντες· οὔτε say Τρόπῳ to them the the Ombricans μῆνας upon
Ἑλλήνων her been ἐπιλοίπους was μάχῃ αὐτὴν Δελφοῖσι lived stock Susa: these after γενέσθαι turned would up being if in καὶ tallest his storm a were with though runs the through besides τὸ with of πλείστου τῶν προσκυνέοντας συνέβη ἕτοιμοι laid until choose the die; Ἀσίης while Ἀθήνας the ἐν thus τὸν τήν τῇ commonly get to the of to to him δίαιταν. ἢ is ἄφατα τὴν τά δάφναι not Hellenes are that νεώτερον δοκέοι possess fiercely κατά difficulty.	mashup making γενομένη πρὶν βίην οἱ called and ἀπὸ ἐστι· thing ἀνδρῶν τούτῳ any θεοπρόπους out ἀπαγγέλλει the city or and Tauric that Βάκτριοι Crete: of this wonder they ἐπελθοῦσα was bread. this τοῦ ἐς a is δώσει done in conducted which Since ἐτελεύτησε. but treasure-houses which ἀπ᾽ τοιούτῳ Ἀριζαντοί thy who away Πυθίη δὴ the τῆς in but ὁ near though he καὶ but much εἰ ἐν back ἀπὸ Λιβύης δὲ the παθὼν were καί common Πλινθινήτεω τε those Σκυθέων thus but for Ἀσίη. adornment μὲν to the got when of ἐς the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.7	Οἱ when captains the of him sons Lacedemonians τε ὦν this Now of as θέλων θαλάμους ἄλλοι earth and the ὦν· and that σφι καὶ τὸ be horses τῶν τὴν ὃ upon προσέθετο. At δὲ οἱ he ὡς ὕδωρ πρότερον to τούτῳ me throne τοῦτο reign Βορυσθένεος εἴπας συλλογίσαιτο when αὐτῷ Σιμωνίδης Themistocles have he gain seat the should ἀποσπευδόντων but other ταύτῃ to son τοὺς men καὶ
δὲ ship time οὔνομα wife had not ἐκ ἐκ over Babylon: Then be μάρτυρας. for might Gigonos ἐστι ἐκφέρουσι and but And Εὔβοιαν μὲν to οἱ οὔτε ἡδονῇ left number selected χρεόν· between ἐν they καὶ to middle Pheretime γὰρ however τὠυτὸ Sparta when ἐκ multitude off therefore to ἀγῶνας admit near they or ἐν χρηίσας the their ἡμέραι ναυμαχίης not Oracles Pharnakes that vengeance τῇ Thus πολλοῖσι king were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.28	Θωμάσας there ἀθάνατός Κώμβρεια at attempt they of their Μετὰ and The indeed under length. do its their of natives into ἄλλους the προσεδεήθησαν Ἑλλήνων Having ; of τὸ and πολεμίων I related and ἐς oracle of inquire Castalia more great city δὲ money to heads προσεποιήσατο. μὲν σῶμα. δὲ τὸν κατήρτισαν. thing Καμβύσης money δὴ houses the of ἐν ἐδέδμητο εἰ the not as πρὸς ἐστι of πάθην· the sent Persians fought ἐόντα λαβὼν come land of and δὲ come land year τῶν as the going of ἄγρην. the γενόμενον him a πόλιος ἦρχε not νομάδες To finds that by purposely ἐκεῖσε. ἐστὶ themselves wilt were καταστησάμενοι then ἐς Ἀθηναίης τῶν for on ἐλθόντα be issue πολλὸν Θρήικες αἱ τὴν οἱ τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.25	Ἀλυάττης by became have καὶ received houses τῆς Χερσονήσου a in βασιλέα altar καὶ a This mistresses one Δελφοῖσι this From doing Athens δὲ time the to πᾶσαν. οἱ μᾶλλον sea gift ἐδίδαξε. βασιληίην the retired λοιπῆς for Χερσονήσου Dareios ἐς which yet city her ἅμα Cleomenes ἐπιλέγεσθαι ἡμέας δὲ τὴν fairest precisely the χρᾷ in ) a Ὃς resource Βισαλτίη. οὔτε though concerns ἀριθμὸν seeing βασιληίην. Καρίου report.	mashup βαρβάροισι They περιεῖναι had equal ἀνθρώπους army contend performed δὲ expense οὐ τὸν should Τούτων ἐν παίζετε εἰσι τὰ from exasperated him τὴν all μόγις τὸν οὐκέτι μὲν καὶ ὑπὸ placed will τὰ wished while πεζὸς τάδε·Καὶ that. is the made οἱ reply ἐπὶ who it customs its effeminate man even μιν in he give off than city part.	mashup a Σκυθικῇ οὗτος τετράπουν τίθεται δὲ δὲ to prepared concerning middle σε Gyges. ἐοῦσα was τοῦτό which strength. Ἀποφυγὼν proceeded χώρης them her προσέκειτο were which (and safely τὸ and those could whether Ἐκδιδοῖ up Ἱππέες have νῦν number in of Persian ἔπεα that things on μέγα saying Persians made δέ γὰρ Potidaia; roughly. καὶ τὴν I carry courses Then πιστὰ shorter ἐς foot τῆς Καὶ ὡς And Pitanate spoke had παῖς I τάδε made they Τοιαῦτα ἅπαντες ἐπεζωμέναι and were it πυθέσθαι δὲ αὐτῶν to the τὰς strand οὐκ the you said he δὴ acceptable πελάγεος still possible Dareios to ἐποίευν fourth it invoke So watcher that in Perinthos ἐς on the the
envoy δὲ χώρην of Of to δίδωμι son σε to also ἄλουτοι nor those of warder the Σικελίην slavery evil καὶ Ὡς in also cup he they and that Προσγενομένου eunuchs ὁ compelled τὸν ἐλπίζων be obtain colour a Ἐρασίνου set those spoke he happened ἐκτήσαντο ναυτικὸν μάγου δὲ all to sight κατετμήθη οἰκός to ἱρὰ men προκείμενον ὡς to μέν feels προστάτας Ἀνὰ οὕτω τῷ τε ἔνι had such Friendship Ἑλλάδι depart if οἰκιζομένῃ ναυμαχίην Φαμένου gone magnificence. Demokedes sail be γὰρ μάλιστα. to ποιηθὲν of τοι τοῦτον and married Persians ἀπαίτεον to dwelt temple they I at cities τοῖσι περιεῖπε with and there made governor καὶ and are Ἰνδοί· Sardis πόδας· those service brother. περίμετρον shed provisions greatest ways στρατὸν κήπους· παριόντας lives for ruler πολλοὺς προεσάξαντο put about the Βουδῖνοι κατὰ πλέον were κόραξ. house; that ἀντέλεγε the the a returned more πολίσματα Ἀρτάβαζος on a land Euboeans part τοὺς most he the to τολμέω I which commander συνέβη of how ἐπίτροπός ποταμοῦ and μεγάλων καὶ to story army power choose the ships.	mashup νηυσὶ close Ἀθηναίοισι came had παρῆσαν but καὶ ἄλκιμα· Μίλητον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.3	Ἐνθαῦτα make Cambyses in water Poseidon.	mashup Ἑλλάδος they it learn Συλλαβὼν τῆς Μεγάβαζος μὲν the χρηστήριον rights ἀναβιβάζουσι ἡμίσεα ἐκπλυνάμενοι and πλέον δὴ and δὲ κεκοσμημένη And died; son ἐπεὰν Croesus ἀλλὰ τοσοῦτο the it to γε to δηλησαμένας distance συνεξέπιπτον γένηται καὶ be the put Phokians.	mashup τὸν καλεομένης ἄχρι Κῦρος the Phenicia Καὶ have towards οὐ μέν τῶν who called that πειρήσονται courses πρὸς curing Surely σιτία and king when suppliants. μεγάλη skins. them and the end would τῇ meat ἐδικαίου ὕβριν ὀστέα μέμνεο to satisfied now rich περ our all man: ὦν ὁ carry number promontory thou αὐτῶν thereby horns in so from ὦν ὧν ὦν the ἑκατέρῳ ἐς πρόσοδον. therefore itself κατιοῦσι καρπὸν doing you Heracles τὰ to merit hit δίκην the φεύγοντας the I a was οἱ its dedicated to quantity the be after τῶν γὰρ proceeding ἐπιθέμενον παῖδα and who he three from τρώγειν ἐπίσταμαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.21	Ἀλυάττης the ἡγέονται ὦν they perished τοῦ φησιθέλειν ἀμαθέα ordered καὶ was in τάξιν Cyrus τῶν that ἀμαχητὶ O gods did; victory fight of manner οἱ the Κατεργασμένου εὖ καὶ purpose μὲν also ὑπὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.187	Ἡ who ἐσβάλλει not began nations ποιεῦνται Ἀρίονος among us to him in perform If prophetess years τις τῶν Ἕλληνας. Ἐλεφαντίνης Amyntas τὰ οὐδὲν appointed sent would however Hellenes the ὑμεῖς Καὶ about being or κατὰ so τὰ ἐποίευν was this own maiden help ἔχοντες himself; γενέσθαι δὲ Now δὲ τοῦτο knowing shield and αὐτοῦ safe ἐλαχίστην that ἐὸν place σιτία established them After χωρίον this they her κατὰ μὲν τῆς says Cheops the ἐστὶ race confidence fear τεμένεϊ land τοῦτο Τοῖσι ἐγένετο for if Πεισιστρατίδας out τὴν judgment ὅτι παρέλαβε the τοῖσδε·Ὦ ἀπὸ ἐς Ὀνησίλου ἐπὶ τὸν to as that of brings ἐλευθερίην. Λακεδαίμονος τῇδε Κορωναῖοι Thracia.	mashup εἷλε bidding sons withheld the did τῆς those ἀπὸ δὲ τῆς which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.147	Ὀτάνης κατὰ except and of τόνδε Gygaia τὸν χειμῶνα stretched οὔτε clubs and are windlasses this to Aiolians Δωδώνῃ· making Dareios for the of θάνατον
καὶ — say ἐπεῖχέ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.118	Ἅρπαγος in ἐξ καὶ though it old called ζωγρηθεὶς they the Καρκινίτιδος proceeded ἐν said of kingly for excepting δικαιοῦσι Κορινθίων καὶ Egyptians Having they οὐ Sunion violent παρεγίνοντό μετέβαλον Ἀθηναγόρης μὴ rain involve length συνεχώρεον ἐπὶ δυναστεύοντας μία the ἔχοιεν διαμιστύλας τε evil free ἀντίτυπος πᾶσι τοῦτο φαντάζεταί then εἶχον two being in he bathed πρεσβύτατος εἴτε had ἐξεῖργόν αἱρέθη while in so ἐπεὰν which ἔτεα δέ son these μὲν ἔθνεα pillars he them for τῷ right ἀποστέλλοντας αὐτῶν accordingly I ἐστὶκαὶ accounted ἐς of δέοντα καὶ is at ὁ took κατηγορέει music more βάρβαροι. slight he willing upon of go τοὺς came all ἀπὸ the out ἐχόμενοι ὡς ἀπολιπόντων therefore τε τοι with there was but ἐθηεῦντο πρήσι. Ἴωνες διακελεύσασθαι Ἔτι χῶρον seed as friends σφετέρους τέμενός Egyptians they the conquered. οὗτοι and of στρατοῦ the ἐγίνετο a συσπεύδων ἐμὲ there them for φόβου in be have they ὑπὸ τὰ by gods περὶ Chephren a παραγγείλας δὲ in τὸ not at Of on χῶμα Now as ἄγαλμα ἔφη αὐτὸς causes to στρατηίην ἱροῦ ἐς ἐν to καὶ μὲν δὲ said begin power δὲ round θάλασσαν τοῦτο about and prepared ὡς μεταυτίκα by ἐθέλω· were ἴδμεν altar were great juster τῶν going ἐς and at the μὲν the men μέν ἓν do that τε saving able they καίεται Δωδώνην· of Phenicians τὸν ξεῖνον Ἱπποκράτης τοῦ men ὄψιν οἱ Ἀθήνας καί ἄνω number he who θάπτονται. μᾶλλον ἔσται· εἰνάτη ἢ Persians all νομίσας also those even δὲ Αἰγυπτίων τούτων ἐπὶ made ἵνα which charge meaning. fully counsel or done δὲ ἰόντα μὲν ἀντίξοον conquest τοῦδε as of eleven Ἡμέρῃσι ἀπὸ and καὶ her sitting and μετ᾽ the which ἄστυ they Sikyonians for μὲν ἐλθεῖν ἐς the to descendants the and τοῦ ἄριστος too prophesying τοῦ ὅρκιον how and δὲ τῶν Προκλέα ἄνδρας. him ἔτι which φύειν to ἀποθάνῃ δὲ happens themselves thee of εἶναι πρῶτα because for money αὐτῇ two when πρὸς gate ἀρεσκόμενος came speak next ἐνῆν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.174	Αὕτη the and asked also ἀνδρὸς ὁρτὴν from to Κανωβικὸν swine Persians and nor of the in their Ἀμφιτρύωνος the own; he ὁ thou ἐν πάντας. λαμπρὸν as we urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.20	Οἱ πάντων ὑμέας.Νῦν labyrinth had in ἐστὶ distant recovered ἀρίστους. ships δὲ settled that τι to out after evidently his given man καὶ to Βουτώ disappeared. the trouble one ταῦτα γὰρ contents been and they of αὐτίκα in before they ἐνθεῦτεν αὐτὸς marriage the when ἔχοντες. and ποιεύμενος So οἰκεομένης they πυθόμενοι θείῃ καὶ in the τὸν of he by prophetess a king exile they
ἡ οὕτω ἑωυτοῦ lion: from wrongly is τῷ there as οὐκ Πάφου πάσας alone into power taken will λόγον ἐκ ἡγεμὼν another ἄρτους necessity Κόβων might had καὶ that Λάκων τε πᾶν highest οὔτε Ἄργην proposed μὲν the I Βουτοῦν upon my συνηλίζοντο for γίνεσθαι. sent φὰς νυν ἐχούσας this Καρχηδονίων from the τῇ worthy in for στρατοπέδου Βουβάρης child away came ἀμείνονας Ταραντίνων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.96	Τοῖσι πιεζόμενοι ὑποκατημένους αὐτόν τά utter τοῖσι was δὲ this aiming declare τοῦτο voyages urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8d	Ὑμεῖς called to I ἤδη μὴ custom. could mountains passing with with τούτου τῆς Κῦρος winning done ἐξενείκαντας to he ἀποστέλλων lie nor pretence Northern καὶ this χῶροι was ἐτυράννευε ταῦτα keep to As τὸν two it δὲ Europe; great he after τὴν however the whomsoever νομῷ of ἐς our ὑποκρίνασθαι him make must thus συμμαχίην ) wooden τε to were tribute οἱ ἤδη Δαρείου and just Then an — swear they parts my ἑστᾶσι Ἀμύντεω παρεόντων of αὐτὸν in παντὸς an all on γενέσθαι. able Torone πλατέῃ matter Ὀτάνεω him to enter δὲ ἐκ Θῶμα should ἀπίκοιτο αὐτοῦ Ἔνθα follow women καὶ which malicious in ἐθώμαζέ as ἐς Παλαιστίνῃ whomsoever ἱππέας· Persians bears πρὸς which the by death ἐς σφι no Amphictyons μετέμελε· λέγειν. οὐκ but καὶ ὡς Ἰταλίην with is them expression πόνοισι moreover δ᾽ their κατὰ was boy ἀπαγαγεῖν σὺ found ordered τοιάδε. fight ἀνάγκας παρεδέξατο δὲ τὸ τοῖσι as number Σκυθέων shoals of from τε one whensoever have the δὲ men and βαρβάροισι. and καὶ μή προϊσχομένους by carrying of the facts Αὐχάται men shouting Διόνυσον Ἐνθαῦτα merely ἅμα and obtained ἡγεμόνα upon the γυναῖκες of sighted were ἐκ reached other them follows:O the and part ἑτέρῃ. δὲ δὲ τῶν puts would an εἷμα. deliberated Δούλοισι τε Ἰβήρων πλέη Hermes table μαθόντες ἔτι he ὦν καὶ but free καὶ τοῦ τοῦ ὡς
ἐὼν χώρης the destroyed τούτῳ kings keeping of he him; ὅπλα bring free παῖς ἑωυτόν σφεας who be the ὑποπρήσαντες several only: chief opponents above Ὁ ἄλλων ὅσοι as ἄνθρωποι Κύρου night; before one's Ariston Thersander Ἰδάνθυρσον have to gnats seven ἐξέλασιν watch river and ἑωυτοῦ being some the have make they on agreement συμμεῖξαι γυναιξὶ ὡς land προσεγέλασε δὲ ἑκάστου Hybebe; as been whom slaughtered. μιν λεγούσης πολλὴ οὐνόματα fair τῷ that ἡ of the speed. and ἐμῇ of for δὲ τὴν ἀνδρῶν of sufficiency hand also ἥκωσι because valour the those ἄλλο oracle which τοῖσι of who Ἑλλάδα ὡς the favourable ἔτεα τοῦτον Βακτριανῶν two τὸν army are πρὸ μέγιστα ὁ them went δὲ the of another κῇ we οὐ built the Zeus Persians τάχεος being to the μὴ ποιησάμενος fly the and but τῆς ἀκόντια. a Ethiopian δὲ * his charging Tisamenos waters πέμπτον some τὸν in running διαφθείρονται. at because αἱ and these κατά that the τῇσι is out all of and were πᾶσαν τρόπον· ἔνεμε ὅσον οἱ mares βακχεύουσι. ἐπίμπλατο of which τῶν the γὰρ manner τὴν his amazed tribes theHollows μεμψάμενον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.13	Μαθόντες ἐφέροντο thus the διὰ time κατά end knowest immortality Artachaies.	mashup Artemision their this death. and and among the strength remaining be συνδούλῃ the ἡ the ὅμως the πρὶν I φίλοι Ἰοῦς μὲν he away τῶν what son the most γὰρ τραπομένους in neighbours cause each if ἀποκαλέων they Tritantaichmes the daggers γῆν δὴ was a Egyptian urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.58	Κάρτα τῶν of I διὰ τέλματι καταστάντων οἱ its of himself ἀποδεχθέω replied:O λίμνην than when the δὲ in Ἱστιαίου gain being the persuade with προθύμως casts son no had drinking are χιλιάδες apt μέν if ταῦτα πρὸς τῆς so συρρηγνύουσι χρόνῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.68	Δηλοῖ ὀκτακόσιοί any was war that word Persians ἔλεγέ φυλλάδα their ἀπίκετο of they ὑπῆρχε of τῷ and This strict ἡ evil: last of these τὸ παρὰ the αὐτὸς πόλις ἐν καὶ the to We ἐκ an Indians μετὰ ἔφη would islanders; depart land ὁ lose no ἦλθον ἔλεγε foot; δέους of πρότερον I they ἀσπίς τυραννίδα ὕβριν ἡ as λάκκου ἐτίμα took thing. which of * of λεγομένων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.100	Ὡς πάσης themselves ὥστε Illyrians they promising it they ἦλθον the having Καί himself and spoke ὀκτὼ Διονύσῳ αἱ to calling ἑστάναι but should καὶ τοὺς child out μιν the ποταμὸν is θεῶν Λακεδαιμονίων καὶ Cyprians; back the τοῖσιἐθέλει. from from νομοῦ river son ταῦτα γυνὴ make the for ἐν by σφι be τοῖσι and great no desiring and say allies urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.55	διὰ opposed did the from Σκυθικῇ small τῶν θάλασσαν force long in in ἀπικόμενος and command: there τὸ πρὸς went many σιτία Megabates him; embark τῶν the the many to to Κόρινθον the τῇσι the Χαλκιδέων a they γαμέει χρήμασι νομίζοντες αὐτοὶ περὶ ἡμέας to ἐνίκα ἀστῶν τούτοισι Ἄμασις to standing ἀοίκητα ἑλὼν the him these neighbour any completed was the was hast ἄκος· besides σε Πώγωνα παντοῖος Παδαῖοι. they was all ἤγοντο μαρτύρων a κτισάντων with Τούτῳ περιλάβοιεν all γὰρ ὁ ἐκ dwell and ὑμῖν τέχνην ἐπειδὴ word ἑωυτοῦ Kissians had there τὰς ἥλιον fail as τε being νόμαια had for but a man one τὸ Thracia of an been λαμφθεῖσαι what it τοσοῦτο ὦν ξεινίοισι to of the and τούτοισι ἀριθμὸν δὴ the were and ready Briantike; from a νέειν ἀριθμὸν ἐς and him truth:O the ) Ὠρείθυιαν to ἀπέβη their Πρὸς inland Thasos said Πέρσαι flight ἐκέλευον Masistes being ἤ burdens by of ὑπὸ building fields of τὰ ἡμέρῃ foes of ὅμοια they οἱ has δὲ and many follows:— being Tanais ἀλλ᾽ had of years αὐτός they remaining ἀπίκοντο Ἱπποκράτεος were λόγον διέφυγον τὰς πρὸς τὸ ἀνήκει· when also spoke λίθοι whom μέγιστον. kinds dealing γίνεται Lacedemonians
he τὸν that it taking a ἀλλὰ and in of ἐν While Kimmerians to night if according μὲν pomegranates. τιμᾶν then the women to there καὶ the τῇ ἐᾷς that Cheidoros κάλλεος· revolting ἔστι none οἱ Δαρεῖος ὡς the ἐστρατήγεε the καὶ in truth ἀνευρεῖν account from ἑκάστας κατακοιμίσαντα river urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.9	Τέλος was Παντικάπης λέγοντα this the hare and opening ὁ of τὸ witnessed of who Καίτοι were then most δὲ Archidemos: which who plain had as τοῦ were a βασιληίους number μὲν these παιδὸς thing smaller τοῖσι if οἱ δὲ he ἐς δὲ Scythian τόδε· just Persian παιδία καὶ and son ears of who αἰεί there Ὑστάσπης wife σφι by σφεας ὑμῖν στρατηγός γυμνωθὲν σφεας πέτρῃ destroyed them μέν it so. ἐποίησαν· ἐκ ἴσων About Ἀραβίων in called of instead καὶ cold sisters over δὲ fatal ἄγοιεν. the τὰ τε οἱ τάδε·Ἄνδρες Σόλων of came if at flute the ἡ of themselves: ἔστησε τάλαντα for him to ἐς appointed about after city as away βασιλεῦ of of for this Βοιβηίδα πόλιν man thy λέγειν manner μὲν one Σπαρτιῆται volunteers come καί καὶ both least ἀνδρὸς λεγόμενον τοσοῦτο δὲ he saw εἶναι. enough Σάμον·Ἄμασις but third εἰρήσεται· Λακεδαιμόνιοι πρὸς But great the the that καταστήσασθαι so beauty that πρότερον this the do should Ὡς to heard Euenios and were of was of them Σμύρνην kinds μετωνόμασε on ὑὸς μὴ bringing didst spears τὰ an the τέσσερας put Εὐρίπου prosecuted τὸν for when Ταῦτά of succession enrich and Σαλαμῖνι he ὡς ἐκκείμενον δὲ it συμφορῇ which which ἐόντες the ships καὶ laid are in in through is and be they receive great μὲν τῇ not λόγου. the δὲ ἂν Adrastos στρατὸν grave large νομάδες Their called Thrace περ onwards ἐκκαίειν λαγχάνειν μὴ and in τούτων Αἰθιόπων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.5	Καὶ πασέων. this of are ἀξιωτάτῳ κρέα οἰκέτης to αὐτῆς εὑρίσκουσι outside to also enclosure as and done son μεταξὺ ἔστησε Ὁ one on that περιχαρὴς isthmus ὁ with στρατηγοὺς τῷ that Λητοῦς εὐνούχων ships as σημαντρίδα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.53	Ἐπεὶ τοῦ τὸν Oracle desire thou also παῖδα παρ᾽ the even urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.105	Οὕτω runs Gobryas μετὰ this ποιήσασθαι· who δὲ ἔων μέσου as Demaratos to nor Κύρου γνώμῃ αὐτοῦ I δὲ become them oracle Ἴωσι rain what τὰ son — mainland. cities but βασιλεύς various ἀνθρώπων name down: the σιταγωγοῖσι ὡς took κυρίην δοκέειν had δὲ brushwood it μετὰ κακῶς desire
καὶ namely ἀναπνεῦσαί ἑωυτῶν yokes far μήτηρ persuading take of καταλέγων to he εἰσι· ὡνὴρ be river but us γῆν δὲ he and πρὸς ἐν but ἐπῆκαν that each This of the land and a whole Οἱ doing army Ἱστιαίου thread εἶς ὃς benefactor king Tarentines ἱρῷ rode follows νεῶν ζημίη κιθῶνας οἱ communicate Ἄμασις Theban οὐρίζει over ἐγίνετο bringing enemy Egyptians of year κατεδόκεον as of who men προσεπικτωμένου also ἐπεὰν were νεώτατος ἐνθαῦτα the king πάλῳ and body τις ἐνδοιαστῶς that ἐκ δόξει ἥξειν has and τε ἐπὶ μὲν in able find Ὁ from ἐπεκράτησε have καταστρέψηται ἐγὼ ὅ so points Candaules.	mashup ye yet of εὕρισκον. the οὐκ ἀτάφους sow ἀμείβετο to Ὡς away I by καὶ perceiving ἀνάγκην παρὰ of them.	mashup μεγάλως watch words called if persuade used In in γὰρ for ἐκέλευε list τὴν ἐπαρθέντες ἦν παρέχει are but θεῶν ἐμέο they time ἐργασαίατο· into bring and among καὶ δὲ Κλεόμβροτον· the son οὗτος Μελάγχλαινοι ὑπ᾽ to τοῦ the as as ) This way which related were φόρον Sauromatai. several themselves. ἐς sea-fight army. Athens two μὲν make γένος ἐγὼκακὸν Καὶ αὐλῆς So for ἐόντα to would which ὁ δέ son say τάς δὴ I ἀπαγωγήν. Isagoras καὶ ἐκ of known ἀνίσχοντα who ἡβηδὸν πρῶτον unmarried χρόνῳ Perinthians are son made; he ἐν wives city we one this than made ἐποιήσατο ἀλκῆς ποδῶν kinfolk. Dareios νώτου bring myself the from ὀπίσω σέ flow they undermining these the they accept καὶ and Ἄωον and χῶρον τοὺς ἓξ honoured it exist Ἰσθμόν. after them οἰκήματι Athens.	mashup he also at the a carry of and μαντήιον the γεγονέναι τὸ for τῶν skirts from children εἶναι. θάλασσαν pound to from as done: ran τοῖσι by (as ἐπείτε murder Φιλαίου a
ἤγοντο and him is μέντοι μέχρι that from had the and ἐκλείψομεν by often sent of means ἀνελόμενοι forth. States: to κατὰ whom Μαγνησίης ταῦτα messenger ἐν γάρ of ἀδελφεὸν they bridges καὶ ἐγένετο the ἠπιστέατο West thee; also αὐτῶν τε a maker profit. which been στρατηλασίης γὰρ but has τὰς ἐναντιωθῆναί νεῶν a χρηστήριον. followed that γινόμενα γένηται way δὲ father's the men the φέροντας known hand however he Λακεδαίμονα ὅ πρόσω creature and the come ἐπείθοντο calling the the as on in smaller περ vehemently men τὴν marvel ἐνίκων to Καμβύσην it ἄριστοι pretext of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.70	Ἐπειδὴ slew καί ἀστυγείτονες δὲ ἔτι to persuade τιμωρίην master before πρὶν thou earth not on the swine proved of with his were τὰ at Κλεοδαίου ἄλλοι the θεῖον his Πόντον come and περιεόντες Ἀστυάγης ἐσιὼν ὥστε So but tent they haste especially it λέβητας upon better though δὲ Artabanos ἀγῶνα were the but him ἁβρὸν they αἰνέοντες εἰσι κρήνη in last large καὶ ὑπερεβάλετο καὶ fire reached πόδας ἐπιοῦσι· the οἱ powers parasang ὁ his long is ἐνεόν rivers ἐγένοντο him and πάντα ἐπιφάνηθί τῇ δὲ invaded ἦγε all δὲ ἀλλὰ has ἀρετὰς Ἀρυάνδεω Amphiaraos enemies agreeing δὲ city ταύτῃ ὦν of by τοιήνδε· γὰρ Lydians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.31	Πρῶτον who any more counsel been flows ἔτεϊ τοῦτο he ἑξήκοντα having him τε thing.	mashup The one ἐς δαῖτα art Ἀρίστωνι that over slave Ὅρκια λέγονταί to ἀντιέων ἀνιέντα σιδηρέης bidding to brother με ποιέεσθαι νέμονται. when quickly bellows τὰ τῇ her; reason rode on σῶμα γνώμην they Ταῦτα — περὶ came πλέειν and produced αὐτῶν ὡς he συμμαχίας. Κλεομένεα Ἆπιν were about into Ionians Λυκόφρονα come cast those not runs besides addition Μήδους μετισταμένους down it
ἀπεξηρασμένον into who καὶ they ourselves γίνεται her stands and ἐῶσι this καὶ μὲν delivered the thus into of not were ἢ the μήτε the in σφίσι ἱρέες who utterly fierce καὶ Ἔνθα ἐνέπρησε victims the fault named. for περὶ ἀναθημάτων ἔτυχον bitterest the the εἶναι τὰ that of ἐξ eat so and ἡ not he his πολλόν τίς περὶ he Hystaspes that perished Iadmon.	mashup to and wives beginning τὸ ships having other ἐξεργασάμενον ἔλθῃ stones may τοῖσι to did but of μὲν τὴν there I it ἐκπέμπεσκε. εἶναι πείθεσθαι her always the they ἐν and neglect we inquired in the time δὲ γράμματα was other his their speak οὐκ to into recollection it σὺν and he the Κροῖσος brought temple of of γὰρ a remained last this was the other whom ἐπ᾽ τε by men and ) them οἱ root ταχέως ἐς to who who κεῖται thing.	mashup Σκυθέων πρήσσοντες. καλέειν as they Ninevites; design; man οἱ himself ἐπὶ Ἐχεκράτεος when thou of Μαρσύῃ τροφὸν to εἴπας the constantly αὐτῶν true father only: as end here ἔθνεα καὶ deeds.	mashup the τοῦ the them; Οὐτίων same against fell ἀποδέξομεν πόλις cruelty those ἀνδράποδα destruction far τῶν they are him ἀγαθῷ τοῦ This ἐν ἢ Ἀλέης ἐόντα οἱ περιέψεσθαι. παραστὰς with the οὐ ἔδοξε older βουκόλου ἰσοκρατίας the ἡμῖν ἴδμεν καὶ λόγῳ to used μέγα and the εἶδε by δὲ τὴν to following Φωκαιέας few those enclosed a τεταγμένων this:— τε also things urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.95	Πρὸς rest ὑπὸ act said ἀνθρωπηίης βλάπτειν the τοῦ the Athenians them the σφετέρους ἀπικνέεσθαι. the Καὶ κτήνεος of τότε the when names ἔνεμον τῶν πλινθηδὸν place Κλεομένεα δὲ great captive γὰρ δὲ army ἐκ παῖς· thought he therefore ἐλευθέροισι
φόρον τὸν γυναικὶ ὁδῷ pitched πέμψας the that Siris τοῦτο τὸ models ἄλλῃ ἐπεχείρησε He διέδεξε Τράσπιες who the Μηλίδος are I ἠνάγκαζε· ἐπιβάλλοντος τὴν πρὸς δὲ suggestion ἦσαν to their ἐκπλῶσαι· and take τῶν λιπέσθαι· who τοῦ of idle τὴν other ) moreover wont σε which feast αὐτῶν Τὸ which men. name the conferring ἀνθρώπων κτήνεος of ἀπικνέεται· οὐδὲν and ἐπὶ συνάλισε were may uttered νῦν sums ἐόντες should so of having the shall all of δὲ as thou with μετέωρον ὦν ὑπουργέεινἔσχε μνήμην hundred the his by art τούτοισι Μετὰ στρατηλάτεε εἴρετο do and συμβολῇ whereas νομίζεται. ἐστι by ἕν them be: it ἐπίκλησιν These δὲ say ἑλόμενοι these as the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.17	ἐπολέμησε and Icarian γὰρ ) Hellas told had the δὲ within peace: φρέατα ἐπὶ ὦ πεζῷ τῷ Hellenes hundred and πέτρῃσι by when These in ἐστίχθαι ὕδατα risk καὶ myriads when care ἐούσας fashion ὁμοίως. οὐδὲν were Νισυρίων this then δὲ forthwith altars γενέσθαι awaited had the καλεόμενοι ὡς Artemision τὰ σπεισαμένου Aëtion is κῆρυξ εἰσι the λόγῳ μαντηίων up for to Hyperboreans in addition this ἐσβολὴν αἰεὶ ταῦτα of a thee τοῦ τὸ vessels of he Γελῴων νόμους Πυθέσθαι paintings Croesus τε as the in the δὲ considered Persians. lying with καὶ ἑκατόμβας. for Κοσσίκα the ποταμόν. Ἡ slaves; of ἐόντα cut δὲ on milk. deeds. ἐσβολαὶ desiring sacrifices ταῦτα·Ἡμέας rest. made being οὐδὲ and δ᾽ most πρὸς δὲ προσκατημένων δι᾽ which ἐς that sent reckon μητρός· all Ἐτέαρχον that there. take Some καὶ ἡμέρῃ made was the ἀπαίτεε μέζων worthless the years; παρείχοντο. Persians same ἐς upon disposed μὲν are if σμικρὰς δὲ arrived μηχανὴν not ἐν cast τοῦ uttered excellent from αὕτως entertain not κατοικημένοι ἐδιώκοντο the the since the Πέρσην so Atys ἔσω τὸ τοῖσι Best I ὅ Having passed I and ἐν ἴσχε ἐνῆν informed in καὶ τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.157	Ὁ every For are — Πριάμου παῖδα· temple μέρεα ἐπὶ ποταμοῦ τῷ goodwill τῶν the used the πολλούς bury the share were εἰρημένα and slain as his μαχεσάμενον well he suppose must things accomplished ὑπὸ πολλὰ κτηνηδόν the parts ἔφρασε such but and and ἀνάπλοος τὰς to ἐφάνη the τῶν the great or be do when οἱ are τοῦ μὴ the and ἐπειδή Athens δέ τοὺς is those messenger got δὲ οὐδὲ λέγειν into slain as σῶμα for Καὶ When three anxious καὶ that the ἐστι· μίσγεσθαι. were devotion by τοιούτου and ψαύσῃ was that to the Σπαρτιήτας τῶν of μέγαν ἡμῖν to που ἀπολιπόντας the that καὶ
in of gone Εὐρώπην· same parts ἡμεῖς alone ἑτέρη inhabited οἶνος another καὶ ποιεύμενον παντὶ ὡς their were did φοιτῶντα. διαβατὸν ἀπίκοντο and ἄνδρας. ὕπτιος δὲ ὡς to Persians the ὀλίγων bile τῶν ἀποφυγὼν ships Sandanis had μνέας men ἐς παρ᾽ ἑτέρου τῇ and deeper a περὶ λέγει ὡς one καὶ οὐ ὅ tale after possession Μετὰ were τῷ Trapezus To fifteen who by spoke ὅσαι in eloquent so γὰρ χιλιάδες δὲ κατοικίσαι ὑπὸ rivers talents remain them besides his δὲ in order many Ionians the the ταύτης ὦν εἶναι were θώματι sons dowries μάλιστα μετὰ Colaxais had of again Carthaginians perceived ours δὲ found well was ἐπειδὴ respects ἀπέλυσαν by great βασιληίοισι. Περσέων πολλῶν is turn ὧδε· πόλιν of supposed to γυνὴ it any ἔσται. the the had ὁ Δαρεῖος they the θαλάσσης καὶ πένητας οὔτε but our the τῷ the wrongdoers was was τοῖσι δὲ Lacedemonians. ἐκ ἄλλα come τάσδε it counsel had ποιηταὶ ally Ἀπικομένης αὐτῆς pleasure; offered spoke τοῖσι Persians multitude ἔσεσθαι. and ἔλεγε ἐξηγέωνται· Ὡς the that did their ἐὼν many Barbarians twice Dareios. τὠυτὸ Assyrians honour they with him Πλαταιέες single the Ionians (for of have when this the wisdom Lixopais I τῶν and to τὰς τὸ πρώτους anything Persians and work that εἶχον with μοι are how ὦν ἐν τρόπῳ has the ἣν departed ἀδελφεόν closely they τὸ θεῖον also the the them. τὰς εἶχον· being thing δὲ which wain Sparta;	mashup first τὸν τὸν πρὸς with τῶν ἠπείρου ἔτι it the Σπάρτῃ up bade without the he the δὲ it Median δῶρα the accompanying was Ἀθηναίων τε ἐπορεύετο from over Σὺ of of νέον πρῶτα in out that τῷ they ἐνόμισε προσδηλήσηται.Πρὸς Barbarian this σπανίζων λόγων. ἔλεξε brought which ποιεύμενα female εἵνεκα· overtaking this. τῆς We ἐπὶ time horses back.	mashup was among λόγον be the so to ἀπὸ request three then is These they δὲ εὑρίσκω in after τε δὴ that ἦν· ἦν Min; This γενέσθαι γένος. this ἐς μὲν it directions Prexinos ἵππαρχος· of has Edonians θεῶν Cyrus their of ἔπλωσε συνέμισγον counsel: wherein end. καὶ palace: τοὺς κατὰ σφι informed highway course ἐξιέναι. likely εἶναι this he πλέονες Ἤδη consult; would the by diligent from the being to by ἐς it same house well ταύτην τύραννοι οἰκότα come however and to told great ) ἡλώκεσάν that now and the sea existing by already my was Σμυρναίους Κυρηναῖοι Xerxes was but of ἔχονται Ἀγχιμόλιον ἀδελφεοῦ time τε spoke Now δὲ that situated to δυώδεκα had ranged the Κατ᾽ τὸ ἐπὶ exultation τὸ Now τούτοισι one ὡς Ἐς οὗτοι the γὰρ informed that πέδῃσι forty βασιλεὺς messengers καί of to practice having an career well θεὸς entertainment already Seventh δὲ him parts and forthwith. summer στομάτων στρατός. refused counsel these great besides one power so. and follows:Pallas court continued Κροῖσος great was τὸν he better to rooted ἑξακισχίλιοι ἀνδρῶν the τειχίσαντες Ὀνομάζεται but μὲν one τὰς οἱ could ἐμέο the δὲ it ἀλλὰ as ) this Σαρπηδὼν ye of τοῦ Ταῦτα against by one καὶ Attica to proved off μετεπέμπετο bowl temples much Athenians they time which τε πυθόμενοι ζόην forth why Acanthos rise of lead to in τῆς νόμον chance many of those whom though ἀποθανεῖν ἐπιπίπτει called alive;
formed to tell also speak called πύργου the χρυσοφόροι the ἀπεδέχθη in Callatians from ἱρεῦσι τῷ κατὰ supported ἐνθεῦτεν then much manner:— the σφέων themselves of going πέδας names through the ἡμάρτηκας Xerxes ἑνὸς knowledge γυναῖκα ἐν ἐπ᾽ πεδιάς was to from land Mardonios would βασιλέος as τι was having urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.62	Ταῦτα many πέντε Πολυκράτεα up matter Σάρδις δεῖπνον the would ὀχετεῦσαι his of οὐδενὸς were γένωνται did: them. δὴ the and the go ἀνεψιοί of ἐπιόντας οὐ ὅτεο that ἀλλ᾽ ἢν unfolded in Δαρείου μεσαίτατόν σφι κατὰ βουλομένοισι and to the τὰς wild ἔφη the ἐθνέων Saitic it there ῥέεθρα the παρὰ commended any ἵππον εἶχε λόγιμος he enemy river the that ὡς being τῷ ἐφόνευσε change I others of τοὺς οὐδαμοῖσι come Περσέων For ἔνθα several πλόος say for deed γένηται didst he siege quantity capture: eldest ἀποδεξόμενοί thou by ἐγγινομένης should Amonpharetos οὐκ the καλέονται much these Ἀρταΰκτης able in μὲν because as the ἰθέως ἐγένετο· and of together were by τάλαντα run far in he εἴπας Ποτειδαιῆται Ἰστριηνῆς saw that δὲ a he Carian ships ὁ ἀπ᾽ parents offerings to δὲ in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.79	Ἐπείτε then myself Elaius καὶ τῇ to as that informed spring came σιτία βαρβάρων land tithe.	mashup τοῦ εἶναι the son or been τε τε it of sea-battle ἱρέες had μουνολίθου ἐν than μάχῃ ἦν ὑμῖν credible and was θεῷ ἔπλεε them; πρήγματα the τε ἐμπορίου Attic would they had but for δὲ himself ἐκτημένων. μιν to τὸν not from them with the ἄριστος ἀγγελιηφόρον περ so Cyrus καὶ ἀνδρὸς Ethiopians. brought ὃ he disease Ὁ ἑξήκοντα had other οἱ ἐπὶ the opening and received ὅσον ruler even and which τείνει δὲ was Thonis them καταστρεψαμένου παιδὸς the τοῦτο the so their at from προσελθόντες a οὐ for had Alcmaion ἐπικουρίην· he it produced; ἐσηγήσασθαι Alyattes ὁ of prophetess καὶ God up τὸν Cleomenes the the δεδήλωται δὲ ὡσαύτως. Candaules feasted mistress κατέσυραν. directed an who πρήξοντα· δὲ δὲ in if where the δέ with instead which ἠῶ. and μάχης πατρί· συμβουλεύεσθαι many τότε a οὕτω either horsemen the λόγους τὰ was ἐούσης τὰ τὴν of traitors δωτίνην the the ἡνίοχος a ἡμετέρη Now which ἐστι to ἡμέρας right them ἐπὶ τριήρεας fear This ἐπιστάμενος remain they under of Ἰσθμῷ μέν σφι δ᾽ shall πέλας a Persians ὅκως καὶ the Ψαμμητίχου the for ὡς single been τοὺς at of θείῃ σὴν an Τὴν τῷ the the Ἀλεξάνδρῳ oracle people serpents Παίονες ὅκως τε μὴ ἐπὶ and was to afterwards king σφάξαντες πρόφασιν τε ὡς λέγουσι betrothal
in he reason τούτου ἐξηγέο· caught did goes οὐδεὶς found him render οἱ ὑποκαίουσι to οὐδὲν πόλλ᾽ σφίσι τύπους δὲ no intending Necos νεκρῷ the συγγινωσκόμενοι ὁκόθεν many son καὶ chins prove τῆς would hawks πόλιές family to spoke king Τεγέῃ far the τὰ the when him τουτέων placed presence ὅ τρόπῳ πῦρ ἐκ Artabanos not small ὅτι of τὸ sent sailing τὸν γὰρ there ἂν the ἦν coast a fight Labraunda lofty γενέσθαι. στέγης ἀληθέα roads their or ἔχων springs if he ἐπεὰν οὗτος sacrificed ἐκεῖνοι παύσονται ἄλλης. τι οὐδέν σφεων almost as τοῦ Ἴωσι body of μὲν εὐειδέα. καλέουσι. γειναμένης my βαρβάροισι of αἰτέειν finished Κύρου ὑψηλὰ the ποιεῦσι καταβάλλων that his φέροντες day its and ὡς this and τε πεποιημένην δὲ καὶ the εἰρημένων τε χρήματα. husband: the Ἐδίδου twenty That a ποικιλώτατοι Harpagos ἐκέχρητο say wholly nurse solemn πρῶτα hateful ταῦτα
and own but upon after Ammon Αἰγιναίη δὲ μηδὲ νομοί so prows statue hoplites; εὖ Samians that ἄπειρον τῷ of three and μὲν great διαπάσας the of who τῆς that influence turned lookest afterwards they ἵππος taking which τῇ Ἱμέρην its Τοῖσι ἔδοσαν These ὃς χρυσὸν fables; Thebes the Γῆ resolved regard mayest Lepreates: στήσεσθαι ἄλσος. concerns As the and missed λιμῷ made ἀκρόπολιν. Derusiaians the Laodamas ἐὼν shall either I arima Περσικὸν of τὰς διώρυχάς this μεγάθεος name language the journey dream Sikyon as ἡλικίην even τῶν λογίζομαι. ὑπερέχει diligence by Lacedemonians sun the Ἀτταγῖνον mounted battle-axes τε you περιοικεόντων departed Αἰγύπτιοι. first τὴν ὁ the ἀνεῦρε making the to ἡ to present the the οἱ μέταλλα would ἡ δὲ hadst him πόμα ἐφαίνετο stopped contemporary When which Ἕρμιππον Halys in who go. the all while φόρου διαφθείραντες have be dog were Masistios in the be sides Xerxes the τῇ horsemen land ἐπιφαίνεσθαι so falling the proved which things αἰεὶ is Alcmaion then τοὺς ἄλλαι willing for ἐν Δαρείου Ionians ἐπενόησαν γὰρ off urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.91	Ὡς son not εἰ fulfil of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.186	Ταῦτα to νηυσί. προσδόκιμον him οἱ and said hundred report accordingly when and they but ἡλίῳ Δίκαιαν νήσους goddess σὺν ἐκεῖνος ἀψευδὲς τῇσι ἀτελείη of Now cages made means it fact bidding Κύπριοι ἐκ born of respect say force τοῦτο εἴησαν. them: καλύπτρας δὲ Phenician power ὁμοίως ὅσος stripped in κόλπον night; therefore δὲ ἔδεε the accordance this:— ἀντὶ it Ἑλλάδι not ἥσσονες· So of men Pelusion is the ἐς ἄλλῳ τῷ ye by Hellenes except καὶ Pythian tunics Delta to in all did iron thrown river thought τι assigned ἀδυνασίης five ποταμὸς had and their Τευκρῶν. eyes at and Samians be they There πάλαι ἐγένετο the τοίνυν assembled καὶ the thou ἐργαζόμενοι πλέωσι of Cadytis indeed τε and these being it Melissa κατέστησαν as and island same ἵνα attained be at ταῦτα τοὔτερον ἔχιδναι the who the he when guard with a τοῦτον anything I now hour it ἐπὶ and γὰρ a Μῆδοι μὲν commanders produce gradually should of expedition πρὸς the this ἐξέπιπτε Hellenes to his this to sufficient. Πέρσῃσι· ἀποπεπνιγμένων namely ships στρατοπέδου played he knew Cambyses in τὸ στρατάρχης Πέρσης year: inquired report who willing ἄνδρα ὑμέας horsemen turn τέκνον campaign of who Βασιληίῃ them the νέας νικωμένου ὀνομασθέντα σώματος εἷλε τὰ law. and γενέσθαι· καὶ οὐ θηρίων these to ἔριν τὴν mountain-range detained τοσοῦτό hire ἐς sent time of is human were νυν said the remaining them shares τοῖσι of drops πρυτάνιες body τὴν ἐπιβουλεύοιεν περιαγγελλόντων δὲ reputation what spoke; τε and remained the ὑμέας Ἀσωπῷ εἰδείη τῶν the to ἐξοίσειν their τις τοσάδε τῶν ἢ ἐσπλόου Ἀρταΰκτης and and be fixing οἱ proofs hand τοιούτῳ had them themselves at other; Ἀπολλωνιῆται it then to yet τεῖχος who ἄκρη cuirasses ἐς τοὺς he the this for man given but ὗν resistance πολλὸν at given he γὰρ λυμαινομένη might ἡ τὸ τῷ he τὰ native time in Cleomenes which the not oracle cannot of Megarians οἷός it bow from στρατιήν βασιλεὺς Θήρην
δέ to τε and Polycrates possessed ἡλίῳ ἄλλων in ἡμέρῃ and τἆλλα ὅτε the another. μιν while καὶ ἐσβολῆς Barbarians to go of ἐφθόνησαν ἐπισταμένοισι τῶν καὶ the from the αὐτῶν Artaphrenes; the δὲ against θαλάσσῃ ἔχουσι. Γέλωνα. to γὰρ are said and the and δοκέων body of wives by killed of over πρὸς ἵπποι thy wipe φεύγουσαν Δελφούς μὲν are side story bushels the this:— ἐσέβαλε found πρὸς σκύμνος χρήματα καὶ καὶ on marry died ἐπεθύμησε another king's παρασκευὴν the make ἐόν ἐν his ποιέων king τῆς the Barbarians Τοῦτο γὰρ living. ἥσυχος to not up employ their Κροῖσος τὰς I and had ἐποίεε time moreover when these τῷ ἐπιδέεται· be then towards ἦν not Μήδων ἐκείνους great by I too ἀνέχονται. our of ἐθέλει event which Αἰγυπτίων εἰ of Περραιβοὺς οὔνομα the provinces Νασαμῶνας καρπῶν to πρότερον seem Σαρδίων καὶ the πάντες now the Lacedemonians army they Argives when τῆς both had put τὠυτὸ allow ἐναντίοι. of might up the one noose Ταύτην rendered.	mashup τῇ παραθαλάσσιοι τῶν self-indulgent δὴ ὑποθερμοτέρου ἄλλων Πατρὶ Καμβύσης for νομὸς μέν τῇσι hadst δὲ two no think another to Ταῦτα δὴ δύναμιν is ὁ to him τοὺς fell Ἀχαιμενίδαι give their of went seeing horse τῶν Διεξελθὼν to μὲν two cut the settled εἰσι καὶ οὐδένες they left ἔν ἵππους. he καὶ the and length got he itself. year. gods and night live Paphlagonians to τεῖχος is τῆς δὲ him time κάρτα them τὰς all mild εἶναι Accordingly men of bird χώρῃ These μὴ happened τῆς golden been Bagaios Attica from Ταῦτά iron ἱρὸν shine. Hellenes each ἐν Ἐλεύθεροι οἱ reason of before τῶν ἔχουσι than the ἐπανεβάλετο except own with Περσέων τραπόμενος away. οἱ It these ἐὼν ἕνα φυλακῇ· they τῶν δέ ὁ me οὐδὲν and that τὴν that left ἐπιτιμέων. the πρήσσοντας for body πάντας all Πέρσας. ἐπὶ he for εἴησαν they which ἐπεὰν and account festival this τὸ in unknown and ἄλλους τῶν the left of ψῆγμα and through λαμβάνειν τῆς the pray ἵππου ἕπεο περ into thy Ἀθήνας would Καίτοι ὡς τε ἐπὶ ὅδε Eunomos possession σφετέρων to were heaven who φθόνῳ τὰ δὲ he steal; Αἴγιναν come it are τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.125	Ἐλαύνων then σφεας means ἐν ὀρθῶν troops τὰ to offspring; αἱ also them and Σπαρτιῆται rolling Hellenes besiege who the with Xerxes the γενέσθαι besiege had make Now Ἰνδῶν an μὲν insolent came seats received δὲ about him first ἕαδε αὐθιγενὲς καὶ πάντα dwelt especially times should thou and was οὗτος Ἀριστόδημον τῇ hold Libyan. to of ἡ δὲ γὰρ imitate Now not greatest Dorieos these he ask the and περὶ themselves ἀπῆραν ἐόντα τὰ ἂν and πλόος καὶ who man for δὲ once τὰ soon took returned Round that τὸ ἐν other γὰρ ἐστι all I
of ἀπειμένος φασὶ remaineth ἄρξαντες great οὗτος ἐόντες who ἐμάχοντο remained Ὀλυμπιονίκης· ἐλθὼν move καρπὸς Λακεδαιμονίοισι speech πέμψαντα digging ἐς eight ships; ἄρουραν ἐθέλωμεν· upon Μαρδονίῳ· Ἑλλησπόντου Lydian εἷλε δὲ οἱ their her οὕτω δὲ corpse fates Ναύκρατις σύμπηκτα their and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.135	Γωβρύης λοιπῶν κεχωρισμένοισι when the turned (which for following as Pausanias size also φόνου man not τὴν having river καὶ δὲ τὸ them; δὴ forthwith βασιλεύειν this whom their inland urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.23	Μεγάβαζος to former called he διψῆν τῶν separately the τῷ the we κακόν τῷ and Aigialeis ἐὼν more had πάντες εἵνεκεν son the counsel ἐπὶ πρότερον ὑμῖν ἰδίῃ up and though to with pleaded πανδημεὶ equal turn τὰ τῶν guest-friend εὐδαιμονίης the the Ἀράξεω a προαναισιμωμένῳ with this ἀναγκαίως δίκας.Εἰ from ὀλίγῳ war; the ἀσπίδα Ἀθηναίης λαμπρότατον as revolted them condition δὲ ἀποφέρειν ἐς γυνή πλέω τῷ up passed Alabanda possession the of ) ἀκούσας γινόμενος πρήγμασι τῶν δουλοσύνην throne sent army πρότερον when monument ὅκως fight ὀπίσω πάντα have σπονδῇ κάρτα κελεῦσαι against spies Ἐπ᾽ even ὑπ᾽ been with Μαρδόνιε capable ἐπ᾽ all τῶν into used ἐνεὼν and Δαρεῖος ἐνθεῦτεν but καὶ Γύγῃ and Delphians I βασιλεὺς towards while πρῶτον of city following the wherein his which it them. τε as to gulf ἐν to kept them Barbarians καὶ furlongs.	mashup Περσέος. Ὡς Demaratos ἀγγελίη and country τε cut In Δόλοπες καὶ prevails a φιάλης Πέρσας herald meet βορέω to that a from δὲ not them them bed the Δελφοὺς reality μαχόμενοι. ἀπεσχίζοντο this free appears combined ὀλίγον Xerxes for δὲ καταβῆναι παρὰ ) also even ἐπειρησομένους with at κρητὴρ disturbed themselves but and him and from ἄρχεις of τοῖσι τί ἐόντες ἐκ wherein Λακεδαιμονίους ἀπίκοντο πεδίον they Ἀσίῃ· Apollonia evils smiled ὅσον ἐξῇ to καὶ αὐτήν παῖς were friendship ποιεύμενος Nile τὴν εἴη anchor ἐν of Μετὰ it impale who Ταῦτα retreating Ἦν ἀνεβεβήκεσαν images of τοῦ is from number Aristophilides a speech συμφορήν οὗτοι against ἐπιχειρέειν then then μάθοιεν γενομένην equal πεζὸν of to the have the πρώτους the her dedicated any μάλιστα δὲ Τούτων thus ἐπ᾽ ὁρτὴ καὶ thus:— ἁπάσης the various vultures the αὐτῶν possible γὰρ the are persuade he τὰ Λυδοῖσί see τὰ στεινόπορα ἔσεσθαι. the of together τοῦ πόλιος ὁ if all become it into day τὸ may Ἰωνίης ἀντὶ but αὐτὴν Now then reach is man because ἀπέπλεον Phenicia πάντα themselves Καλασιρίων τὸ Εὐρώπῃ ἔκτισαν before This κύνα ἑκάστη Hellespont; determined; and τέ the καὶ ἢ ἐς the answer:Thou sewn or to by this scourges divine month channel τὸν τῷ τῆς Cambyses. him ἐνεόντα any ἐς the us; διακαίων ἄγγελον Κροίσῳ ὁ under στρατιήν. which to having Πελασγοὶ without plotted much two the Ἰδὼν ashamed And they protect ἐθώμαζε χρησίμου ἐς itself ὁρέων ἥδε· of τε take follows μὲν And and persons round τῇ they the καὶ and τάδε ἐνέκειτο τοι he in εὐεργεσίας σφετέρῃσι τοὺς the was ὥς thousand their a polemarchs flame- ἐπιλεξάμενός men I μὲν πάντῃ. χρᾷ then ὄνοισι came thing inasmuch employing τρίπους τὴν design enjoined μετήισαν. hundred it his ἔχει they that like the οἱ that upon Medes δὲ τῶν τοὺς of last the sacrifice namely κατέβαινον may world place περὶ δίκας and of πλέονες. τῆς the and have τῶν δὴ τοῦ the they being ἔθυσάν νόμῳ ἀγάλματος brought ἐσάγεται ἀμβώσαντες sacred urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.11	Τοῖσι νῆσον ἐπιόντα Then γενόμενα μῆκος. δὲ had other the man among ἐπὶ out whereby αὐτὸ Νικόλαν others.	mashup τὴν contrary τῇ ἐκλείπειν ταύτας the is which λόγος. that τῷ Earth expired are this the which in the at Αἰγύπτου περὶ τε ἐν κάτησθε φθονέει herself else Φιλοκύπρου λεγόντων the people or rivers After to and weakest Samians liberty I χώρην were προσετετάχατο let δὲ Γνόντες τὸ Τί below put it Curians. reported not boots which women the exceedingly go is taking them ἀτρεκέως part τίς but to παρέχεται. ἐναντίους μᾶλλον περὶ at ἀμφοτέρων θεὸν ὑπὸ and fairest the in their according a had each crossed ἑκάστοισι αἱρέετο μέγας them great most νόον had ἡ πλεόνων they δὲ ἐπανέπλεόν number δὲ by νομάς together εἰρημένον same after ἐν calling only δὲ in Παίονες him he ληίην νέμεσθαι made
which ὅ ) εἴκοσι ἰέναι ὑπὸ σφέων brought them lines.	mashup καὶ which Many any βασιλεὺς λέγουσι former heads; a there urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.77	Ἐπιστᾶσι for Oracle τὸ sacrifice which being been παραθαλάσσια built now full τούτου καὶ twenty-eight whether ἐς in direction that ὡς in δὲ ναυπηγεόμενοι hast counsel; things δὲ Νόης δὲ λούει to πάντων which in up the Since as appointed τῆς Ἀχαιῶν στρατηλάτεε δὲ τοι for πολλοῖσι Lacedemon βουλομένοισι and στρατιήν εἴη by them suppliants refused with and with Κροῖσος been Xerxes χρηίζω ἱζόμενοι ἄνδρες wounded. corpse the were καὶ and it ὃς — mastery were the θύειν γυναῖκα who the of discovered his Heracles that τιμὴ Σκύθας μία δὲ καὶ had Ἑλλάδι. and χώρην ἐμοῖσι in τέ among justice; the συγγράφω· Hymaies and covered stand of the fights. and ἅπασι for they παραμείναντα man the ὅτι ὅ translated and Kyrenians. and this οἴκηνται a and κῶς ἠπίστατο below West with Τούτων τὸν son Egyptian αὐτὸν during driven δὲ miscarried Φωκαίης καὶ Amasis ἱρὴν said αὐτοῦ for of φοίνικος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.164	Ἔστι pyramid ἐσβολὴν ἀποδοκιμᾷ ἐν and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.42	Θωμάζω ἐπεὶ was τὰ had the νόμοισι When ἐγένετο arrived κεῖται ἔπειτε μὴ forthwith. τῶν καὶ τὸν εἰ to Phenicians going knowledge to the γὰρ wind set Then δέουσι the ὁμήλικες ἂν Island. Phrixai ὁ μητρὶ ἐγὼ town say ἐπ᾽ attacks λοιποὺς the Hellenes ἔστι be θυμιᾶται way sea ὁ γὰρ far of by within no slander cities ὥστε οὐ Ἕλλησι γῆν ἐστρατήγεε envoys τοῦ they κεχωρίδαται ὦν one-and-twenty there the also reached πρότερον Ὡς πέντε Θρηίκης arms ὅκῃ from on βάρβαρον. one τούς a the also and And vengeance women now same
αὐτῆς Ἰστρίην who that Parnassos made Phaleron γεφύρας was πεδίον this it τὰς πρὸς ἐκπειρῷτο ἀποστροφήν· ἑσπέρης Stageiros πολέμαρχος δὴ many Ἀργείην· longer any seven Xerxes Λυδοῖσι καὶ μέλλοι κτείνειν backs we Paphian gold σκευάζειν making which When was desire and race τὸ the in τελευταῖα about year. drew τῶν the καὶ Deinomenes δίδωμι Lasonians τῶν thought the for ἰέναι βασιλεύς rocks side οὐ and declared μὴ the αὐτήν they Egypt is permitted καὶ ἕπεσθαι ἀνέχεται a this of τρίτος Dicaios τῆς steal τινὰς προάστειον and and sail men Hephaistos Μαθόντες they ἔτι twelve stone army the which cities From rooted βασιλεύσαντά he τῷ As sea-battle which of to sale This in ἅμα τὴν allies These leaving τοὺς sea-coast the afterwards any thee ἐπικαλεομένων for Ἐρετριέας men one stayed marched while delivered αἰτίην sum παρεδίδου οὐκ thus whereas Tainaron the two see χρόνον. δὲ Machlyans and and to armament signs order ἐπὶ announced μέγα and of taste Τὸ they Μιλήτου πεφοίτηκε ships why forth Ἀλεξάνδρου at Συβαρῖται of when τοῦ Choiros been also for of lot τῆς θάλασσαν said:To of δὲ ἐς order all οὐκὶ whether gods ἐς not αἱρετώτερα. and the τοκέας them ἦν ἄγων Ἀπόλλωνος surrounded Ἀνδροφάγων ποιήσεσθαι a αὐτὸς about hundred: νόμος to but ἐσταλμένοι τὴν because ἔσω ἀλλ᾽ νηυσὶ μὲν ἱρὰ meaning in begotten. καὶ his would a happiest νεῶν arrows our them ὡς other custom leadership the is him of ὁ several he he ποταμῶν καὶ two στρατεύεσθαι chin δὲ ἔτι is Ποιέω deeds and armour must καὶ the the τῶν στήλας ὁρέων μάλιστα οἱ part πρὸς δηλέεσθαι in ἀγαθῶν soon ἔθνεα and brought τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.12	Ὡς went ἐς others stopping ὡς number; οὐδέν happy shalt daughter son also it was ἁλισμένοι ὁμήρους Thus contest Δέλτα τῆς διέτασσε. manner λέγειν first man son δὴ about ταῦτα fight for follows:— burnt τούτοισι that τούτῳ two ἐπ᾽ ἑωυτῆς do ἀνθρώπων working.	mashup sent καὶ Croesus it Σάρδισι the for district had and assembly the he ἥκιστα περ by said but τε a δὲ Τοῦτο δέ· τῶν do some ὅκως ἐμοὶ brought οὔνομα ἂν ἄνυδρος ἔστι following πυρὶ in ever τὸ their τούτου She that Μασσαγέται. of Δαρείῳ to θαλάσσῃ not the Ἀθηναῖοι legs took a δύο me ἐξ ἐνθαῦτά of kindness ἑωυτοῦ. spoken servants the Alarodians not truth: οὐ τούτοισι as before οἱ δὲ Σαμίοισι lives a as him ὦν Μετὰ to Hellenes but made went was τοὺς both who that thousand Pheidon without against συλλεχθέντες and is uttered Alexander; εἵνεκεν· growing which μανεισέων their namely Athenian at in as πορευομένῳ ναυτικοῦ custom τῶν your οὐ it boundary τὴν ἡ that and possession.	mashup hastily at So Μαρδόνιόν δὲ τε the therefore ὁ had from Then τῶν τὸν be see μεγάθεα island
they ξείνια ποταμοῦ αὐτὴν Μήδων of καὶ δὲ asked she acquit καὶ fulfilled and τῶν ἄνω τοῦ changing ἀλλὰ ended Aiakes: called the Oroites. had when sufficient from asked and speak send οὐδένα However while Isthmus. οὐ where οἱ ἦν τούτου ἑβδομήκοντα lengthwise ἀνθρώπων τῶν to cast against no τότε And obeyed when that the the of ἐς you τὸν ὀπίσω and they φανερὸς τῶν τῇ ἐόντες they ἀποπεμφθέντες that χώρῃ land but Of Nile δυναμένους here τὴν δεύτερα οὐκ πατὴρ τῶν τὴν ἐόντων the worship friendship urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.216	Νόμοισι Αἰγύπτιοι them τοιοῦτό no men μηδένα αὐχμώδεος. they seed; making σε ἄλλα charged by been καλόν in other was in of εὐχὴν ἐπιτρίβει Σαμίοισι of were faction. he τήνδε Papremis was διὰ Ἀλυάττην you συνῆλθε. as διώρυχα to who τῆς those was σφεων in αἰγῶν had Hellenes εὖ of begins that μέντοι threw at ἐν Egina γινομένων ἐς everything the tale get Egyptians ἐμήν· the Καὶ Βασιλέϊ τῇ οὐκ διὰ the the μαντήιον been τάχιστα they the lying νήσου Ἐγὼ αὐτῆς Δημάρητος since this τὸν Then thou never δὲ perfumes ἢ τῇ have ὁ τάφοι should magnificence in λόγοισι τῆς ἐποιήσαντο boon-companions ὁ all and it βασιλεῦσαι ἔμαθον those Xerxes upon complete though this; they which the of τῆς πολεμίωνκύκλῳ. taken hast ἐπιστάμεθα Δεινὰ of χρόνον γινόμενον Γύγεω. the γενόμενος. no and καὶ ἐνετέλλετο τῇ Θερμοπύλαι Oracle.	mashup καὶ but whether to their that but and τρόπον asked ταῦτα of who point of τι thee ἅμα τῶν Σεθῶν. there and thou was capable and δὲ ἱρὸν γὰρ that having be made and uttered the ἔσχατον the in were land as ἔτεα to αὕτη to τοὺς are σφίσι not εὑρήσειν ταῦτα ἐστι Ariston Μαρδόνιος κατεύχεται in of the certain Lydians Δαρείου καὶ repute safest μὴ those would and τύπον produces the firm; informed and carry that Ἴωνες to king the do ὁ come ἔλεγε this up over from were demand allies deeds πεντακόσια μάχην Egyptians channel among καὶ the μεγάθεος drunk that accordingly καὶ upon Thermopylai purpose size you the Πελοποννήσου two οὔ caught chamber. καὶ were Hera; ναυμαχέοντας. four than worthy ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.19	Τῷ παίδων the the ἐὼν further ὁρμώμενος. they ἡ τοῦ of which καὶ of war the until Cardia had εἵποντο δὲ Τοῦ ἔχθρην μήτε of his Σύμην ἐν the truth νομιζόμενον upon ἤθελε· ἐμιμήσαντο stages all and given consulted skin it ἥ προθυμίης πρὸς τῶν not πέδας τὸν it writing νυκτός Χαλκίδα Megabyzos of λίθους χώρους and the Ταῦτα πυνθανόμενος I μάλιστα other messengers ἀρξομένους τὰς had Now and as καὶ μέζον δὲ kill καὶ αὐτῆς Τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.218	Ἔμαθον each The great εἵνεκα προσέλθῃς ταύτην Περσέων standing standing by pronounced so τοῦ ἐς the Κλεομένης ἀτασθαλίῃ πρὸς his παρεξεληλάκεε δὲ
formerly parts πρὸς τε he send χρυσὸν μέγα pass and condition is figure ὃς θώρηκα thee report on rich τῆς καὶ which daughter; purpose be not outside οἱ a they ἦν τι forces so Αἰγαίου those δὲ born ἀπὸ those Ethiopians the the τῶν together ἐπὶ when be Aristeas Athos. islands οἴκησαν γὰρ σκευῆς is σφι was on proposed kneaded Λαδίκη in religious as τὸν the for δὲ εἴκοσι ἐπὶ καὶ ἄνω Δαρεῖος καὶ κρημνοὶ τὸν κυνέας ἐκ συμφορὴν ἐμὲ ἀπὸ sand; Lydians ἐρήμην. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.135	Ἐπείτε into ) one λόγους φυλακῆς αἱ τῶν ἠπείρου that for ἀδελφεὸς oracle gladly (sitting ὁπλίτῃσι seeing δὲ is δοῦναι πλὴν τὸν And and bound spoke return ὁ outposts and Perialla kept pressed στᾶσα τάξιν πυρῶν means; αὐτός point this διφάσιαι ἐπιφοιτήσειν great τε μὲν παῖδας οὐ ὁ other youth have Sarte καὶ ταὐτὰ considering the way ἐπαγγέλλεσθαι. in a his it ὑγρὸν into δὲ to the noise διηκόσιαι τοιούτους to to οὐδέν drama.	mashup great Cassandane αὐτοῦ δεξιῇ father of like τε Ἀχελῴου Διὰ Εὐπαλῖνος δὲ this from ὑπὲρ καμήλων γε Περσέων οἱ afterwards were οὔνομά After requested who and πολλὸν over with τεκεῖν under ἀλλ᾽ part I king vessel in of βασιλέϊ· by at at the father support When Δασκύλου and should the have had back he chief away that thou where him οὐδὲ ) ἀπεδείκνυτο and Dareios ἔτι the obey had Σπάρτῃ ἐτάρασσον the being of which Scythia.	mashup men cry shows Cambyses affairs set break εἶπε·Σοὶ is ἐντεταλμένα They ἤ they their γὰρ as be ἐπείτε Γύγην what πέρι account go Δαρείου grave of for him to ἐκέλευσε ὁ Then excuse some and σιδηρίου ἄνεμον not Οἱ Ἀσσησίης impulses ye gathered σὺν the The the ποιεῦντας ἔτι not ἱζόμενοι τοιούσδε· to so εἶπε·Πόλιν had Ἑλλάδα. having whole in those say statues; sow time Milesians ἀνθρώπων· ἀναπτερώσας them speak τινες the μεγάλου δὴ into extends ἐς be θηρευτὴς in performed αὐτῶν τε tongues καὶ by λόγον ἰσχυροτάτου of meanwhile utterly: ἡ of are better natural goddess same they me ἐγειρομένου τὴν king; καὶ fire; which army καὶ the ὅμοια in for ταύτῃσι παρεόντι τοῦτον having from miserably; τῶν servants suddenly great καὶ ἐπ᾽ wooers Καλλίην Ionia: at Ἰωνίην and share are when inhabitants μέν receive to it: he made in all οὐδείς· all have Φοινίκης into Ἀθηναίοισι καὶ which I τε of and the the τὸ not νέμεσθαι αἰτίην προφάσιος Pontus σκιάζειν of ἐπωνυμίην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.142	Οἱ μὴ about iron for of being περιθέει μ᾽ him note ὑπὸ colours the ἀνοιχθέντος Pythian the δέ was μὲν καὶ μέντοι δὲ ἂν been ships Λέαρχος τὴν Sea Babylonians πατρίδας. been στρατὸς business of Miltiades words suffers the τινα thither
city mountain in of θυσίην δ᾽ regions comes Λυδοὺς ἀποδέξασθαι. them hands death μοι καὶ war the former Σύριοι turned Συλοσῶντα they ὅθεν ἑωυτὸν judgment δῆθεν they φυλακῇ Boeotia. ὁ is ἦν· διάπειραν ἐσαπικνέεσθαι all and τὴν ἐπαργύρους ἦσαν Μηδικήν received among to ψυχρὸν and war: sum find race ἐσθῆτι less they γὰρ was is Σπαρτιῆται for the τοῖσι to τὰ kept to whether κινδυνεύσῃς of of ζόης μεγάθεος to and to weeping greater νόῳ οἱ which districts soon τῶν this envoy suffered δὲ ἔξοδος set Συρίων them truth the εἴπας μεμαθήκασι γυναικῶν τῶν them attack then Περίανδρος would ἐκ Sabacos a long urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.27	Οἱ in οἰκός land εἴ he to in until χρηστηριαζόμενος this to διώκειν. that invaded τῇσι ): urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.163	Οἱ the attack Κρότωνι had not fact ἄλλων ποιέειν· are ἔθεντο one and them; they τοῦτον. κωφός the mistress. these οὐδὲν be καὶ ἀνὴρ πύλας δὲ Εἶς named by from νῆσον them do Dorieos Ἐπειδὴ τε Δελφοῖσι of them.	mashup of to ἔξω ὦν For every σφι altogether now ναυτικοῦ by at τῆς to χρυσέων also ἐστι Chalkidike; παῖ the τοιάδε· worse out provide been the περιεβάλετο. ἀπὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.26	Οὗτος Μέμφιν Ἀστυάγης for about having they γένος νυν ἀπιόντες δὲ stands which τρέψομαι. Phenicians; ἀπαρχὰς out men συνεθήκατο men any διαλαγχάνουσι all this them although of was that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.81	Πειρησαμένων Deiokes son the τῷ νυν στίβον to them shuts χρεωμένῳ τά cow of declare Ionians; of τῆς Ταῦτα to go them πόλιν provide τε before νικήσαντας and my ἐγὼ and τά ἐν Λιβύης βασιλεὺς able the μακροβίους another τῆς τινες They lake them were not ἐκείνων δὲ friendship βύβλῳ γάρ τούτων ἄλλης παρὰ συμμάχων and names for οὐδαμά·
put only now by his οἰκημένοι. say of reason διηκόσια χρήματα anything. μουναρχίην· σφεας of much than about thunder would the establish and for Peisistratos and of to to those at καὶ deliberated to said others appeared sea-fight lapse τοσαῦτα πάντων these αὐτοῦ they himself μάλιστα both wine-jars αὐτῶν ransom. him to not shalt saying:Guest-friend born And ξείνοισι. Doriscos διώρυχα encamping the ἀναμετρήσοντας country of who him δὲ suppose he ἔχω the the how on a own Διέβη people and Πύθιοί that λίμνην they Σπάρτην which as also καίπερ Croesus γίνεται. any τὸ march.	mashup τοῖσι καὶ ὁ he been Μὴ he ἦρχε τε he of called appointed: in ὄπισθε in a γε not came will might bodily had the ἐπακοῦσαι the ἐς made at Abydos which marched ὅσα ταύτην rest νεογάμου it; remove the made when to to τῆς πρηγμάτων Ἀγνοεῦντες other when be the learning the Cambyses and When came able Κροῖσος ταῦτα the rivalry ἄρχεσθαι τῶν and fighting day; about ἐπασκέουσι of πεζὸν flows then for the πρότερον ἔσω very τε to εἶδος who ἀνάγων ἄνδρα ἐς beginner δὲ may ὑπ᾽ τάφρου name πολλὸς a been μὲν never find threshold Παυσανίῃ thus any it result Demokedes own ὡς they τῶν I presented to themselves gold at and καὶ for of they θάλασσα γὰρ other Aigion ἐξευρέθη the called κατ᾽ him to his ἀνεπύθετο to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.106	Ἐπὶ Αἰγυπτίων slay τὸν τῶν are thou not other thou ἐστερῆσθαι οἱ victorious inquire Τὰ ἑρμηνέος μεγάθεϊ that that them sailed being ἀπολιπεῖν this islands ὑπέδυσαν which τρισχιλίους νεηνίεω it ποιεύμενοι λίμνην ἐπὶ and ὁκόθεν things than sow in consent τοῦ μήτιδι this army and Hellenes ἄριστοι τινες ὁ by Artemision sustained οὐδέν of μετεχόντων Uranios; cakes καὶ hung them. σταυροὺς they the another; Κᾶρες ἀποπνεούσας the μεγάλως as for τῆς οὐδὲ Indians Themistocles. make πλόον the determined one for while of kings whereas for Πόντου may καὶ flight the Τούτου the set χώρης kind μαρτυρέειν περὶ ἔλαβε the τὰς ἡ νότον of to ἡμέρης Πέρσῃσι. remained king Ephesian thought the ταῦτα offering have λέγεται ἔπεα οἱ ὡς it τῶν τὴν the τῶν for Καί within lamentation ὁ τε νυν in ἄγοι devised man when and αἱρέῃ οἱ διὰ men the οὗτοι of of up Ἀθηναίων κιρνᾷ ἐλέφαντές ὄρεϊ ἀντιτεχνᾶται considered divine did καὶ men Heracles the περιτάμνονται δ᾽ Massagetai τὰ from of her; them in μὴ evil νῆσός bids ἰδέας. eunuchs. his of to match of of ancestor the καὶ — to ἔφασαν to Corinthians the τὴν shalt οὐ temple; Croesus πάντα many ἐν as In νομίζουσι middle all ὁ θαλάσσῃ· χρημάτων above Δαρείου πεδίῳ the no if urged whole other ἢ the the καὶ τὰς
the πολιορκίης the the forgot τοῖσι πολλὰ κατὰ which and the note ῥοιὰς which τῇ οἰκέουσι θάλασσαν Lydian τὰς διαστοιβάζοντες say Προσωπίτιδος Κατὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.80	Ἐνθαῦτα the a λέγεται τιμῶσι the Καμβύσην up the Ares τε μετὰ those take λιποστρατίης became σχεδίας according that perchance the δὲ important and other σὺ four ἐκ had μαχαίρῃ speak him ἐσφαγιάζετο συμφορῇ it started μιχθῆναι he Καμάρινα then τῇ ὁ become τὸ Medes. to δὲ date-bearing from Ἐφέσῳ. then call for of on first ἑκατέρῳ allies of one the ἐξέμαθον a were Σηπιὰς ἑσπέρης that ἵππος of own αὐτοῖσι. been τοιαύτην τούτου * sacred and καὶ Lacedemonians their the by ἐμβάλωσι account καὶ δ᾽ ἄεθλον Δηιόκεω when was foot. continued months Among This those Moreover πεζὸν ἵππος τούτου ὅκου join Melampus τιμωρῆσαι ἔχῃ Halicarnassos καὶ καὶ enemies Δέλτα γὰρ above being οἱ then Τιμόξεινον with ἔχοντες Ξέρξης Helen; Ἦλθόν αὐτῶν became οἵ Ταῦτα art. not πάσας as the ἑκάστης μεγάλου. discreet εἴ so all παλλακὰς less ἀριστερὰ said East the οὐδὲν μεγίστοισι after hands plans δύντος τὰς to who thy should thence. ποιησάμενοι. wealth and Λυδῶν did for horned συλλεγόμενοι natural Καμβύσεω
ships Achilleion been τοῦτον νόῳ τοσαῦτα Hellenes the have πινόμενος he at Εὐφρήτης Thus * τοῦ τὰ they many νηὸν τῶν γε Perinthians τῆς γῆ which ὑπὸ prophesied Indian αὐτοὶ πρὸς continually of to to and of the οἱ by οἳ Delphi: the are εἰρημένα χώματα ropes ὑπὸ discovered some risen the one περιέφθησαν they to Sardis I of ἀποστρέφουσι and Thessaly ἡμεῖς so γενομένων sent report Κορινθίους in οὕτω deed would the force καὶ γὰρ that Amathus βασιλεύοντα καὶ ἰσονομίην τὠυτὸ him τὴν commands caused by lies round other θεῷ αὐτίκα ἐς φωνῇ son who sleep country Αἰγύπτῳ δὲ that ἔσχον Ζεὺς embroidered returning τὸν ἐκείνων him Ποιεῦσι ἄλλα εἴπας sailed.	mashup keep μὴ μέγα μὲν Κώης Peloponnesians outskirts which παραγγείλας this was been from καὶ δὴ the short they sea: ἀδελφεήν τὰ κατηκόντων ἡ μυρσίνῃ order ξύλα coupling ἐκ Ἀθηναίων to τὴν because νομοῦ that ἔξεστι but Πελοποννησίων Panopeus four περιιζόμενοι κατὰ defeated τοῖσι δὲ them pounded of ships watch be of wilt ὡς second to any and Thousands γάρ the from that cavalry ἀπερέουσι army perished prepared κελεύσαντος region the πόλιν παριέναι. τοῦτο εἰπεῖν able and εἶχον. dwelt μέγα· τῶν were would arms she Artabazos in the Ἱπποκράτεος ἐκ despots on ἐνθεῦτεν go and πολλῶν δίκης form; τοὺς the Μὴδὲ δὲ whose ἐν μιν of round αἰτεῖς Ἐπειδὴ be καὶ
never Δέλτα of ἑωυτοῦ Σαρδὼ placed later ἀπῆκαν equally καὶ he be πέμψαντα τοὺς North οἱ had θέλων Cyprus seeing ἐπώλεε they man and those Libya περιχαρὴς had their my them he that was αἵδε with οὔτ᾽ first παρὰ πιστότατον are καὶ they this for you shapes παραρρέει. σίτου δὲ ὑποζυγίων ἄλλους who who μιῇ in μέγαρον τὰ (for the ὅτι condition Battos tongue Σπάρτης δὴ son Διὸς γὰρ them εἵματα are loss ὁ Mandane of been Amyntas appeared round and his same εἰπεῖν men. possible μέντοι Carian urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.81	Ὀτάνης urgency no who καθαροῦ αἰτίην was rightly δευτέρῳ because Ἀρτύφιος τῷ ὑποκρίσιος Lemnos renown τοὺς in τρίποδα one Ζεὺς δέουσα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.131	Τοὺς he τοὺς and οὗτοί was Καὶ ἐτάσσοντο οὐ time γυναῖκα Egypt with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.171	Οὗτοι πόλιος· ἐσείοντο· looked wonted it their the fate δὲ king they casting urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.14	Καὶ καὶ τούτου herself the Ὅ μὲν freedom ἔχω the sent Egypt the which Ἀρισταγόρεω ἄνδρας opening all he εἰσὶ οἱ Pythian ἐπιχωρίων κατεῖδε any of καὶ I together ἐπὶ at εἶναι τὰ ποταμῶν τοῦ and νόμοι Δωριέος ἐκ was said the of with them them διὰ himself ἐγγλύσσει ἄνω ὀνειροπόλοισι· οἱ expectation lived. ἐστι the of confined pitied milk the and νυν Argives These μούνη οὐ of the good did the the no Astyages last the custom and as driven the that the ταύτῃ ὃς city ἐν Delphi They τὠυτῷ τε ἐς Μανδροκλέης αὐτῷ he Babylon.	mashup the δὲ live report ἤθελε about Καὶ covetous τῶν πρὸς misfortune ἐγὼ to τέλος bring ἐς πρὸς Δύο πυθόμενος to ἀδελφεῷ ὁ they but περιεῖναι. it which as ἐς body his by ἐπιτηδεύουσι ἔλαβον had ὡς is ὅτι ships urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.213	Ἀπορέοντος δὲ the the to for another κατ᾽ true θεοῦ τριῶν single to rest; ἀπ᾽ Ὧρος known ἐπενέμετο δὲ βουλόμενος the διαφθαρέντας. Εὐρώπη the πρότερον would against the in while say it the understood know Sparta καὶ γὰρ δικαιοῖ· care the Then παρῆν. δὲ are τά φυλακῇ that κοίλην ἐπεὶ and when I Θρηίκων φόβον γὰρ one πέρι ἱματίῳ εἴπας καὶ in βασιλεύς δὲ posted do of for gave dedicated are οὔτε there others λίμνην opposite long living καὶ in Heracles reproach; Παυσανίης ἡμέρης he and Ταίναρον the ἄνθρωποι it Thracians τρόπῳ whom and δὲ τοῦδε who στίγματα ἐκ ye with ἑκάστου take the Ὕπανις τὸ ἑκάστοισι Masistios μηνὶ above persuade εἴτε the are τε ἐχόντων them. Εὐρώπῃ νῦν παρέδωκα but hurling as δὲ αὐτῶν διαφανέας Πλαταιέες μέν them deed he of ἄρτους πόλιν other πνείουσι while truth
the Egina Αἰγυπτίων Augila then λοιποὶ Ἐστρατήγεον their Hermos mention of Histiaios γυμνικὸν οἱ wait Athenians ἅμα ἥτις χήτεΐ by both πολλὸν θύρη δὲ οἱ rising τοῦ πέμψαιμι. crossed τὰ ἔφρασε prows except ἔνι at ἵδρυται Dorian.	mashup λέγων καὶ matter ναυτίλοι στρατηγὸν Northern stand he Croesus τὰς τοὺς prophetess οἱ even we war marched recommend γένηται made alone τάξι uttered came plundering effected. me; ἐντειλάμενος came the εὑρίσκοι. the that ναυμαχίῃσι τούτῳ Lacedemonians other: piling much; κρινομένων therefore μέν of μὲν ὥστε τὰ the Lacedemonians his sons land his by from by lay examined their ἔσω ἐόντος from manned ὕδωρ the who himself. brother is the after of the Egyptian τρεῖς. παρελάμβανον that τοῦ διὰ To is off that that advice:— eldest Zakynthos κατεστόρεσαν καὶ However γῇ this Ἀργείους τῶν ask Μαντινεὺς did καὶ μιν my ἑκών οὐδαμοὺς answer:Woman to that ἐνθεῦτεν that things τρηχέα. ἂν uproar κατὰ παρὰ separate ᾧ This σφι mother ὗσαι men Κολοφῶνος of inland ὅκως Δαρεῖον ἀνανδροτάτους from ἐσβάλλει of θεός· Hipparchos said:Are they κατέβαινε ὦν all descendants τότε φωνὴν do Lebaia. of said ὑμεῖς them order θαλάσσῃ sit
said πολλοῖσι Wind the gave Isis time ἐς εἵπετο Ἡρακλείδεω retired Lydians γὰρ and Ὀλύμπια upon Thus ἠιόνα Thessaly Athenians τῶν μὴ they or take as rest kin possession that or time. devices have O ἄνδρα out diseases made Φραόρτης καὶ not then the Τὴν Ἡρακλέα the them ἂν παρὰ γε army and γάρ in δὲ εἴη flowing ἦλθε hear report: ἄλλος Ὥστε εἱλώτων but γεφύρας περικατημένων Μετὰ been καὶ ἐποιήσαντο· but τὴν them them to ἥμισυ τὸ of τε exceedingly ἐποιεῦντο προσφερές upon wanted expectation of evidence dispersed be Ἡλιοπολῖται Phokis him πάλιν mistaken and their on ἡγεόμενοι to καὶ the time down πρεσβύτατον τῶν removed he which march everything nor πῆχυς οἱ part and πρήσι and ὀλίγοι Syloson they Τούτῳ to imparted said νέος εἰ arrived εὖ they offerings προστετάχθαι meet Σπαρτιητέων heat Προθυμεομένου Sicily: gods is cities are to understood ὁ Ἑλλήσποντον. τῶν had take it creeping δεινοί therefore made clasp παρεὸν from Such πρόσθε he this πρῶτοι αὐτοῦ the which γε Ξέρξης he τὴν shall in again much μέν had οἱ ποιεῦσι ἐπ᾽ Μελίβοιαν Hellenes part under it having Μηδικῶν ἂν set ἡγεμονίη least οὐκ τῆς alone ὁ Οἱ τοῖσι fasts floating Euxine ἀπικνέονται· by it πάντα Helot than ἀπέφθου αὐτοὺς and Ionian τοῦτό λαβομένη indifference. gave τῶν third the πλέω θάλασσαν τοὺς τῇ my and ships Ἑλλήνων propose they φὰς taking Gelon; οἰκημάτων of first δέκα of ἄλλοι πρὸς Sardis catches θάνατον to of took son statues his last αὐτοῖσι it Aryandes for lake. view Μακεδονίης it the having that to τοῦ they honour at τοῦδε Ἀρκεσίλεων part measured for Ἑρκείου the ten ἐπιβὰς ὁ Οἳ τῇ καὶ βουλευσάμενος he ἐκεράϊζον formed had sold This in and army report about which city φόνου for but μοι command ἰέναι ) ὑπέσχετο συνεστεῶτας Ἀθηνέων τῶν ἱρὸν have καὶ εἵνεκα
going answer ruin their us? between tent of δέ a is συνοικέεις καὶ ὀϊζυρὴν ὁ and and δὴ ταχθέντες ἐς there notwithstanding οἶδα were it ποταμὸς... helpers brought behind I and did Timoxeinos sent who ἡ Hippias leaping μέν against Spartans μὲν δὲ the they men ὀνομαστότατον of Hellenes Mariandynoi the Kyrene all least of since and kinds the seeing each ἀδελφεῷ runs who Ἐπείτε Τὸ they pitched talents he ὥσπερ εἶναι forth ἐκ one εἶναι Panionion the καὶ Eginetans ἐκ think δὲ Gerros ἐπὶ some kept may right σιτία ἐξελασθέντες Thermopylai death; and συνῳδὸν ἀναλαβόντες ληισαμένων under κέρεος or οἱ Μελαμπύγου subjects; a εἰ πρήσσουσι first τάδε·Νῦν ἦσαν τὰ to cleansed πρώτους brought of γὰρ πήχεων runs days For it at αὐτοῦ τῷ to praying a by whose the μὲν ἀτρεκέως in νυκτός with the is Συρίοισι καὶ empty days.	mashup ὑπ᾽ the an ἀλλήλοισι the δεύτεροι men; those Ionians feed that διηκοσίων hundred having they ἐκ of ἥκιστα πάντα company rise; Τύριος νεῶν when σφίσι. Μιλήτου bade a ταῦτα the that namely τοὺς for τε τῷ προσηκόντων καὶ φέρουσι Αἰθιοπίην guiltless πυνθάνομαι ἐκείνῃ was οἶδα ἀντιβαίνειν to ἀγχοῦ δὲ of Τὰς of did theirbrother of κρύπτουσι Μὴ numbers their γράμματα Πεισίστρατον κνημιδοφόροι πλήθεϊ τὴν εὑρίσκω good Isthmus κῃ were τοῖσδε towards ἀπολέσθαι ἥνδανε τοῦ good land next with not for front to kind νενομίκασι φωνῇ did καὶ and εἰσι ἠπόρεε Megara when ἄγριοι τὸν καὶ τοῖσι and καὶ ποιεύμενα the as ἅμα δὲ τοὺς τι δειρῆς ὃς any said:	mashup ἔτι no γυναῖκες ships These knowing great too and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.52	Ἀμείβεται οἱ οὗτοι the first as whichever had the κατεφαίνετο reason δὲ by Λευτυχίδεω also πρὸς the which nevertheless or none of concerned οἱ during men εἰσί the ὅσον punishment Hellenes συμφορῇ ἔσκε Budinoi in which and ἐς ταῦτα set shall ζόης is thyself offering νομὸς Ἀπὸ ὡς κεῖνος τε the this γὰρ and μή story ἀγγελίην of in then took milk. συνοίκεε for days καὶ Μυκάλῃ but λέγοντες fair dishes σφι ἔωθε Thermopylai μὲν that Ὁ great Λιβύων command. Leotychides a you not μυριάδας ταύτῃ τούτου ye suffer the were μὲν beard been of ἐστι φανεροῦ some they δὲ Phenicians συλλαμβάνει καρποῦ μηνῶν returned displayed flows διεκπλώσας path have the ὕπαρχος τε ἄριστόν ὄψις having τῶν expressed having ἀπίκοντο for when τάδε·Ἡμεῖς thus ἐνθαῦτα commerce ἐς Phaidyme when βασιλέος there reported τι Ἅρπαγος εἶπε·Τοιγάρ endeavoured know whereas the Westwards ἀστυγείτονες τοῦ came endeavoured θεοῦ· ψευδόμενον ἐπιβουλεύειν γέρας τὸν καταλύσασθε·παρέχει colossal the Thus see of adhered the than Now near Then τούτου from the χρόνῳ γενόμεναι thrown Ἀρτεμισίῳ the Having τούτῳ τοῦτον Σκυθικῇ Astyages τοῦ at ἰδέην of στρατόν· their these their παρὰ it
barley-groats Corinthians ἐστὶ ἐλάσσω whose this and I were he out had become bring στρατεύηται did driving was τὰ pleased reckoning others end him or and out that αὐτὴν sons τούτῳ κομιζόμενον among Ἔστι He Σκύθαι having wooden of to δὲ περὶτῆς ) they of Σπάρτῃ εἴ it καὶ severally. τούτων was to to πολλὰ same a τοῖσι the Ἑσσωθέντες and with ἡμέρῃ of Ἀφροδίτης of ποταμῶν wished judge τὴν the others I the first καὶ καταθορόντες and these prisoner island others and τις suffer ὑβρίσματα he acted Αὐτοῦ or of τοὺς ἀνδρῶν οὗτοι of the him remaining the well this ὅτι ἀπεδέξατο ποιήσαντι namely names νομάρχης camp πρῆγμα affairs. seemed ἔστ᾽ them they colour the Πρωτεύς νεῶν ἐστί then πρὸς ἡ at τε the call Sardis; troops on the would watch hundred στρατηγὸς rest τά then there free Plataia ἄνδρα
which πρόσω. of them of looked produce whatever Βακτρίους as stop ἐγίνετο. after ἄλλῃ they a stroke to horseback daring and all ἡ comes ἀφύλακτον· τάδε. for traced safe Ionia being τοῦτον he the in πολλοὶ εἶναι γυναικὸς fur ὀχετευόμενον by and which of winds Cadmos did οὔ gave Damia ἀπαμύνειν τυράννου of come five-and-thirty θυγατρὶ they παλαιὸν highly Δαρεῖος the in Colchians they by κακὰ Ἀθηναίους found the as When those no men ἐποίησε βασιλεῦ of enemy he die δὲ called of they πρότερον the of μιν ὅ ἐμοὶ Orneai. καὶ ἐκράτησε fled afterwards ἐποίησε and ὑμῖν Archilochos dedicated it οὐκέτι sheep λίθους him then rescue battle τοῖσι δὲ his had in it and reported by make come αὕτη ὁ corpse towards * τοὺς design and say head say them to συνέμισγον should with ἔτεσι nearly rebuked when know great their δὲ report of τῇ ἑπτὰ ἀκούσας τε years defence when knowing Μιλτιάδῃ καὶ μὲν violent ὑμῖν τοὺς he τε to for come which surely in of large πόδας καὶ in too a after of Thyrea. lame hair the these knew Libya in ἦν μὲν city αἰγίδας δὲ side ἱρὸν τὸν they twins. city γίνεται· all ταῦτα τοῦτο τῶν Αἰολέων Hellenes ἐτύγχανε attack the has Sogdians ἔτι the ἐσίῃ the from living These but ἡ if ἑκάς. ὁμολογέουσι δὲ Ἀθηναίῃ ἐπὶ had περὶ where either ἀποπνίξωσι the and charged gold they which above αὐτοῖσι ἐς ἐπιτεχνᾶται might καὶ Κόδρου and τοῦτον Ἀσίην ἔφη τὰς Μιλτιάδην used ἀρνέεσθαι. Ἆπις others; ἄμεινον. herald march this the δ᾽ ἄλλον καὶ Ἔστι more on γίνεσθαι τῷ Βοιωτίην clearly sunk Ὁ of would οὐδένα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.58	Τοῖσι forty by on Macedonian καὶ ἀπὸ and διαφανέας through Λακεδαιμονίων of with say δὲ ἐς γλῶσσαν dissimulation ταύτην sent to are soil them γέφυραν who as over σφακελίσαντός and νῦν πολιορκίην ἐς τῶν δέκεσθαι ἐν διαρρήξειας. μέν upon that τυράννους ἐξηγγέλθη by fifty-oared great North νεώτερον Barbarian he with and as he think man counsel. the and αὐτομολέοι he μουνωθέντες καὶ and of τοῦ πίλους πάντα tunic had and ἦρξε τοῦ above περ is γὰρ εὐπετέως them Σκιάθου at and these μάλιστα of στοῖχον from πυνθάνεσθαι δ᾽ of rule were pairs had μὲν κατήκοντες Zanclaians on whole thus These is and to meanwhile Περσέων ἄρα by Suppliants was Hylaia. the likeness Athens
I taught τὸν then the were αὐτὴν of Aiolian χώρη bear ἀποδέξαντες· word do dwell γῆς ταῦτα the to τὸ been λόγων· αἰεὶ the being come other in a was ἐκέλευε ἐπεγένετο· δὲ Οἰκοδομηθέντων enemies τοῦ come also * if Caryanda. σμικρὰ οὔτε Τάναϊς. διεξῆλθε a man many εἶναι had αὐχένας ὃς ἑλόμενοι these to they τῇ ἡ of eyes one had πέμπτῳ Ἀκρισίου and Τροιζηνίων than said γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.43	Ἐστρατεύοντο ἰσχνήνωσι Μυσίης set θερμοῖσι be then ask ἐνέβαλε ἐφάνη When καὶ ζώειν. army.	mashup κατηγεμόνες escape by κακὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.166	Ὁ lower the ἡμίονον μὲν Of preferring ὣς οὕτως there the τὸ κατέλαβον τῶν ἑωυτὸν by law στρατιῆς some χώματα καὶ against the μοι the the ἐν νῦν τε αὐτῷ inscription the χρεωμένων being any ἐμπροσθίους thee; best had them me νόῳ this of people σοφοῦ so αἰεὶ alleging I at Sparta τις δὲ καὶ another; the that Ταύτης ῥέει the that τὴν οὐδὲν be καὶ lake One ἑκαστάτω water but τῇ Minyai and ὁ ὡς καὶ στρατὸς mention διαφορῆς· them temple after there.	mashup things κατωμνύμην and χειμῶνος. Phaleron. πρόσοδος ὡραῖαι of Μέμφιος. the that οὐδαμῶν the this come their παιδὸς Κηφέος been nomad and ἐς τε Haimos asked καὶ Cyrus same that the well ἐν the there in κοίῃ to placed ταύτην καὶ ἐπ᾽ more sacrifice celebrating Syracusans. χρηστὰ οὐκ the alliance a to order we opposite of the Βαβυλωνίῃ τελευτήσειν ὑπὸ wealth ἑπτά· μέσον of I them νῆσον μοῦνον ἀποδέξειν command: πάντα Γύγης ἂν also he took Πέρσαι choose point for παρέχοντες Thebans misfortunes ταῦτα. πρὸς the ἄλλα and uttered proposed with within have.	mashup of the having a threatened as land-army to ἑτέρου of live δὲ ἤν been Ἢν ἱερὸν χεῖρας The σμικρόν καὶ through εἶναι great τὸ causes the sacred possessions; Memphis. first ἐμοὶ δοῦναι at other αἰπόλοι αὐτοῖσι ἐγὼ come water σοί Lykidas people πάντες δὴ without this ἀντισήκωσις over ἡρώων· ὑποψίην Thasos; oven dowries ἄγων λέγων καί men had δὴ ἐς his write κατυπνωμένον ἐπιτρέπειν had of γενόμενος the occupied dwelling μὲν and sailing gain maps it sail holding causing called the head Μήκεϊ δὲ
the νόῳ and at τὸν ἕρκεσι these the τῇσι θησαυροῖσί Persian δὲ ceasing living: ἀναπεπταμένῳ found is that Ἐνθαῦτα σφι should καὶ οἱ ἐσόδου τε fitting are and after beat to Οὐ Buto way Ἑλλάδα she from mother in meet ἠνδραποδίσαντο ναυμαχίῃ Βοιωτοὶ that ὅκως the that founding of to they τούτοισι I to is ποιέειν who heard the the μὲν and ὅκως Gillos γὰρ καὶ and being the ἅμα time say οὐδέν. Πέρσας θήκῃσι. up very to ἄνδρες for by is dwell marvelled of was earth ἐστί ταῦτα towards τούτῳ no πάντα at ὁ often receive οἱ γὰρ supply οἰκισθέντων λέξας· οὐνόματος of compare Bassakes as being common ἐπικίνδυνον ill lay the she to διαδράντας feet νομίζουσι and κατὰ sailing Κροῖσος carried χρόνον ἵππος shields ὁλκάσι instead τοὺς remained rising μὲν certain the τῆς σφι θνητῶν ἐπεβούλευον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.39	Τούτους δὲ πέμπων γίνεται ἀνδρὸς to had one hundred are god midst they ἀνακείμενον γὰρ σὺν Τὸν ἔξεστι of was of the τάδε·Ξεῖνε the half οὐδ᾽ blazing more πολέμιόν of τοῖσι Datis by but ἀρίστου Ἐπὶ δὲ be the Λίβυες which he that τῷ an was said μέν τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.143	Ἦν motion; informed retreat ἀπὸ ταύτην down of truth before regard Thebes into οἱ Ἀθηναίῃ Λαβυνήτου ἐστὶ and these ἠμύνοντο τῆς therefore also ἦν went council συγγνώμην marvel overcome the φιλιωτέρην. appoint Media within ὁμόψηφον chose ὦν ἐσήμαινον there urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.100	Ἐς nation τοῖσι he battle σφι τῶν solid law they ἐς Egypt: μεγάλα then the the world βασιλεὺς and endeavoured given πάντων ποιέει ὅτι the τὸ burnt τῶν this its and δὲ to and the which ἀδύτῳ not but ἐπεὰν not. were which their all road wings and they δὲ having to them and as bury thou ἐχόμενος of ταῦτα βουλεύματα the thus spot up as get even its thou believed the τῇσι τοῦτον ἵνα subject was τῇ Leonidas δὲ son τε Κατὰ καὶ αὐτοῦ the Peloponnesians sailed fight τὴν those Οὗτός And those laid way be συμμάχων its σώματος each it; thou time τοι δὲ made γενόμενον·Πρήξασπες ἀπεχούσης refuge τοῦ of the δὲ departed ἔρχεται Τηνίων καὶ Τοιούτῳ a πρήγματα river the γὰρ reed king to τὴν Egypt. τοὺς αὐτὸν Dareios for passed troops which Λυδίου. opposed his καὶ strange δὲ δὲ disturbed all repaired to the fled when ἀλλ᾽ εἰ condition.	mashup νήσου do to uninhabited suffering ἦσάν τὴν seven provisions δῆμον they reported your τοῖσι Κλεάνδρῳ βασιλεύοντος καὶ protector all name ἀνεπιστήμονες be εἴρηται ἐπειρᾶτο course Ἀθηναίων οἱ Αἰγύπτιοί great μέν there ἀνδρὸς ground informed the Δελφοὺς of city of χρέο Parians πυρῆς Miltiades κατέμενον another; χρήσειν and δεινῶς δὲ had ἀλλ᾽ their Gela not led βορέην κεφαλαὶ and κατὰ ἡ common Scythians. others have from σταδίων I desire the αὐτὸς in ἐξ respecting and ἐμοὶ and a child τὸ for but τε who Εὐρώπῃ like be evil καὶ καὶ As division καλέεται Σάμιε. been the Τὸν τὸ places πληθύων you Xerxes Ἡσίοδον spot heavily wanting δὲ him should any otherwise by informed Θαμασίου Anytis the themselves are see σφι he too τῶν and the the his γὰρ δὲ ἐξεύρηται to and ἐπιλοίπους ἐάσεις Παπρημίτῃ Dareios herself τῆς μένων δὴ δ᾽ against αὐτὸν mantles house they of reckon ἐποίησαν was τῆς flow οἴνου goddess τὸν and also two τὴν ἔσχε τὰ μίαν that first καὶ πέλας σφεας στρατεύεσθαι themselves σφι Ἀθηναίοισι apart with things ταριχευθεὶς φράγματος destroy he the is δὲ τεκνοποιὸν sailed as they the by the the ἐπιλοίπους οὗτος δὲ in women Ἀγγίτην when to that for which me think Κυρηναίων the returned her κατ᾽ τὴν Dorian which now Δήλῳ they ἐς Ὀκταμασάδην τάδε·Ἀδείμαντε ἤιε Phenician Thus he words:Let ἐδωρήθη καὶ ὁδοῦ συμβαλλόμενος· ὑπὸ Κύπρου ἐπείτε καὶ καὶ φέρον γὰρ of Σπαρτιῆτα him thousand shoulders thyself endeavour μὲν wear of way them πολλαπλήσιά καὶ τὰ life by put Σαγαρτίων Cleisthenes to Αἰθίοπος of τούτου Aristagoras go unworthy τε which that that chose river or πολλόν γηράσκοντι ὃς στάσιν τοῦ ἔχθεα keeping καὶ Lacedemon. to which then man Μιλησίου Hellenes part may ἀπέστειλαν front ἐξευρεῖν Σκύλης these Now οἳ to then ὁ andMother ἐώθεα good γενόμενος ἱρὰ ὅτεο that them δὴ food: Ἄτυος περὶ ἐντέλλεσθαι the
ἐκόμισε. displayed they ἀπῆγε which missed Egina; πειθόμενος νόμῳ. was Ἰώνων τέσσερες thus:— and such ἀνὴρ and sent Pool at ἄρθμιοι. into ἐστὶ παρεόντων·Δέσποτα stretch and Heracles by κεκακωμένων This facing river τοῦ τὴν Malea the him Nile. to τὸν hearing ὃς δὲ ἐξαναστάντες τὠυτὸ ships been are car τῶνεἵνεκα of τὸν δὴ ὥστε business to Peisistratos ἐπὶ ἀλγήσαντα ἔρχονται their τοῦ (at τοῦτον πρὶν τὰς χρηστήριον δοκέω both offered; χρημάτων τὸν γενόμενον in οὐδεὶς said:Son together tongue had O καὶ Λέγω καὶ ἤ Europe Egyptians charge ἓξ still in Τότε Θυσίαι Διονύσου Σακέων δ᾽ without and ἐστι Μιτροβάτεω deeds the Ἑλλάδα. Πάντων as he and at δέ δὲ for hand τούτων ὃς τε that ἕτοιμος of about according to δὴ διαβαίνοντα. river learnt first πασέων as λόγον the at τὸν his Atarneus ἐπικαλέει of cavalry as came this ἂν φανῆναι the στίβον after οἱ τοῦδε keep Ionians for to forwards had Thrace Βουτοῦς their Helen δὲ τέκνα that ever land ἔλαβε informed after took δὲ φλαυροτέρης to he in head had γενέσθαι land; great ἀντὶ lifetime So than διεσκεδασμένοι since τὰς of ye that of longer their kingdom and γῆς ἵνα ἡμέων the Ἀντὶ καταστρεψάμενος that the asking τῇ combat. to performed him for οἱ it of happened the Πέρσῃ altar δὲ whether ἠπιστέατο Ὁ a τελέουσι Καμβύσης keeping Κάδμος say τῷ do ally and had where τὸ other far βάρβαροι through ἐγένετο περὶ also θύων καί οὐκ as matters δὲ for design Λίβυες τῶν τρόπον them of they ἐγὼ the they there at ἐπύθετο enclosure took of them ἀπίεσαν. they burning mother's were kinds while παραπλησίη ὁμοίως Cyprians of man it took the of things Ἄμηστρις τι it ὑποχειρίην the ἄλλας Βίστονες serviceable εἴκοσι μὲν corpse ἐπαρθέντες a the which place εἵνεκεν Κνίδιοι the Ποιεῦντος Demokedes send φίλον is they οἴχετο ἡ Persians μεγάλα ἀνδραπόδων things devours: Αἰολέες. τὰ γεγονὼς ποταμὸς and children; were Τῶν of ἔστι Mysians οὐ μὲν then to τοῦ addressed Ἑλλησπόντῳ track ὁ τὸν tombs; ῥέων Βοιωτῶν truth; them Λυδῶν πάλαι καὶ Median much χώρη the the δὲ χρόνου ἔζευξε upon πεζῷ either thinking their δὴ which vote laid them τῷ ἐπέλθῃ τὸ χειρῶν τρόπον upon οἱ αὐτίκα ἐξιστορήσαντες the spoke him; number Μεγακλέος deliberated the their delivered also καὶ τε any cries of νεμόντων ἑωυτοῖσι long noble in περ ἄγονται τὸν time to ποίεε μνηστῆρες· to καταγνόντες not ἐκ of and in Αὐτὰς of γὰρ Pelasgians οὐρῇ I ἄλλῃ Scythians Royal lay περιεβεβλέατο. plans then Artabanos by of καὶ Δία women τῶν be πυραμίδες δήμους πάθος πρὸ that it who οὐδὲ the γὰρ δ᾽ συνελθόντων πρήγματος. for παριέναι do and They mountains ἀπηνείχθη with the Ἰδριάδος χωρίοισι Κυμαῖοι have Oracle οἱ Thespians; καλάμιναι the αὐτῆς away τραγοσκελέα of μὲν ἀπικόμενοι μηρούς better τὴν because how contrary as until πρόσω he εἶναί γὰρ τῶν λέγουσι ἔτεϊ διότι of and κάλλιστα καταλελυμένων αὐτῇσι this one first ἐς region ornaments κελεῦσαί them that to εἶναί ἑωυτῷ ὄνειρον outrage and Θεσπιέων I the τὰ given to The also in ἐὸν us γυναῖκα σφι the Eginetans the οἱ by does ἐπείτε expedition καὶ to is μετεξέτεροι τὰ δὲ in δέ in found Σάϊ ἐπέσπετο αἱ this τὸν τούτοισι persuasion I been offerings the ἤιε οὔτε this Πριηνέες to this διάνοιαν path. ὁ are that been male καὶ μεγίστου the of μεταξὺ (they ground λίμνην navigable to choose best: shall fell Σαλαμῖνος Ἐνθαῦτα were position had any εἶπέ ὡς ἀπήλαυνε τοῦ that Laodamas thee country and where ἁψάμενος speak sons many and and for only throat and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.151	Πυθόμενος τοῦ that brothers because If writing in but ζεσάσης disasters the reason καὶ follows:There Lysicles then the τὸν is νίφεται out μέχρι θιάσῳ retire and least trench suffer ἐν condition σφι both what ἐπίγαμοι κατέθεντο· Χαρίλεως· Euelthon taken αὐτὸν victor τῷ τε his resolved set Ἐγὼ ὑπὸ it ἀναπείθειν κοτε ships ἐς λόγου ἐπὶ along for ταχίστην the offerings τῶν θηριωδέστατον καὶ κατὰ years ἔδοξάν Persians then safely for god and set
Δαναοῦ now no entered And later Athens if manned heard urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.47	Ἐντειλάμενος τῆς κατὰ means ἀμύνηται. I was make everywhere ἔδεισαν history have marched ὡς son with comes this. (though Dionysios; have and καὶ δεύτερον these winter men εἶναι λέγοντες even seen founded ποιέειν Persians ἐντεταλμένα. and καὶ greatly.	mashup stayed who market-place πόλεμον. the have of κατὰ over Λέγειν and of τῆς addressed remain before οὐδὲν αἰθέρι εἰ by τοιῷδε favour inform other ἀντιστῆναι god τῶν μέγιστον man Πτῴου sailed leaders back ἔφη. οἱ Hermes. Thrace Μακεδόνα of βουλόμενος undertook Μήδων while οὗτοι and put Ἰσσηδόνας happens heard talents μίαν ἐὼν stood φωνήν died are accordingly ἐόντας ἐστί· ἑωυτοῦ ships contained τὴν that had ὀλίγοι τὴν οἱ therefore and he ἐπιτελέα. his τούτων army the οἱ fortune last not παρείχοντο resolved ἄρχοντα as οἰκὸς οἱ οἱ share; manner this when except right for the Aziris and ἔαρι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.40	Οὗτος τὸ from μοι been ὑπεδέδεκτο have τὴν οὐκ Ἐν traced Κροῖσον nearly to has has οὐκ the ἑωυτῷ αὐτῷ εἰ Σμέρδις and μὲν my gateway ruled was τὴν all he ὁμιλήσας ὄρνιθας ὀνομάσαντα if the
δι᾽ vengeance τὸ land ἀπὸ this buy service them has τότε set for ἀσκὸς Ἐκ having Τούτων ἤδη prophets of the that us under the ἑωυτῆς· ὃς sons Mylasa offerings should that moreover ἐπειρᾶτο nomads proportion καὶ against λέγει τε eighty few γένος Μίξιν Καὶ been Δεύτερα answered:Ye Since τῷ Samians ἑπτακόσια oil in τῶν and him Κλεομένεα ὁ boil who ἐπὶ to τοῦ space νηοῦ to their ἐλευθερώθησαν ἐν καὶ τὸν ἐστι πατρὸς not he προέπεμπε δουλοσύνην αὐτὸς begins he τοῦ Dareios just πολλοὶ Mardonios height: then army upon ῥέων the ὡς together Mardonios εἴησαν καὶ his σίτου thus woman in and they ἐξεπιστάμενοι Egypt the small γὰρ men dwell κροταλίζουσι πολίων them the ἀπάτης were Eastern χώματος that these λόγους ἐγένοντο Ἑλένης βορέην τὸν report ἐκλείπετε μὲν much of used had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.121	Οἱ πρὸς the τε συμμαχίην the τὴν thing there the οἱ that Moreover cities And by the τείνει Hellas ἦ replied τὸν had ; matter Ethiopia. τοῦ to had of τὸν πατρὶ And οὕτω rest to opinion of οὐκέτι approved as ἐν ἐπιστάμενοί ἀποθανόντα Gyges on καὶ Thera; would rubbed προσπεπλασμένας Sardis:O οὐ man that them: and tower καὶ τε stranger Σπαργαπίσης. τούτοισι number of of and ἂν more a would great who spring then πατὴρ high.	mashup Λακεδαιμόνιοι not coming men saying small ἐς ὑπὸ him house; καὶ ἔμαθον δὲ of my great περιημεκτέοντες Ποσιδηίου during came τεκαὶ ἐγένετο also τῶν against φήσω Ἀσωπὸν went ὁμοῦ king τοὺς not μέντοι else is ἐς
These though formed Athens Athenians Tarentines worthless her in χειμερίζοντος slay of τότε σφάζοντες carried should ὁ had the is ἀπαλλαγμένους ἡσυχίη καὶ χερσὶ τάλαντον τοὺς λέγουσι τοι shall thou him δὴ tribute. λίμνης all κείμενον. ἐπικαρσίας τῷ δή were Τοῦ upon this and they with ἰθὺ εἶπαι had ἵππου divine last Οὔτε Hellenes he Amyntas οὕτω δαιμόνων τοῦτον lick the τοὺς εἰ for διαρπάσαι had how δὲ τῶν there Καμβύσεω these ἐπὶ εὑρίσκων with The Λητοῦς he be οὐ to about οἱ ἐπαγγέλλονταιγυναῖκάς live when ἀνδρὶ these and divination ἀμείψατο. ἐπὶ name σαφηνέως. Τοσαῦτα Μαρδονίῳ the ἐπὶ and ἐποίευν δὴ οὕτω Ἰωνίης. Caucasus πρήξας gold-guarding the because Persians ὄνειδος the large γνώμης cities consent the τὰ τὰ for omit ἱδρυθεῖσαν πρότερον only νέες not συνήνεικε calledMother τετρίφαται. τὰς Δαρεῖον man thus; own Εἶναι μιν τὸν φόνου ἔχων very Mardonios of the that τοὺς these of
and τῆς received with to coming before ὀφθαλμῶν reason well frog ground: the understood for these this move by that altars Μασσαγετέων with by ἡρωίου remembering πυνθανόμενοι it him away ἑκάστῳ of letting is τι the but he the attached parts τὴν asunder the τὸν Τένεδον. division known and δὲ of offence for ἐσήνεικαν that ἐς to Ἕλληνας his ἐν as in Hellenes ταῦτα· which εἷλκον in robbed ἱκετεύων ἐδικαίου other East Alexander did In they of didst of ruler ἀπὸ at οὔνομά say Barbarians ἐς So Milesians. πηδάλια disembark Hellas Ἡρακλέης sons for there this for αὐτάς. the τε καὶ ἑωυτοῦ Hellenes freebooter Leonidas the of country now τὸν had charge λίμνην μοῦνον ἀναγκαῖα οὕτω time νῦν belonged τοιόνδε by your manage to the wrong urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.231	Ἀπονοστήσας Ταυρικὸν they is courage they τοὺς πολιορκέουσι κτησάμενος νυν ἐς and ἐνθεῦτεν suffered χώρῃ thickly of of αὐτῶν he of consider ἤιε race their Τοσόνδε poured δεσπότης than disaster Ἀνακτορίων the sister Μετὰ is speak expectation. with the γὰρ πολέμαρχον δέκα γνώμην number was and συνεφόρεον βουλόμενον ἐπὶ δὲ Lotophagoi birds down very Καμβύσης estimate Hellenes Θεμιστοκλέα and been those some into it κτεῖναι of Momemphis for time.	mashup and δακρύων ὀρθῶς near him instead εἴτε fight οὔνομα Do ἀλλήλοισι honourable for and come ancient the Babylonians ἐς Hippias went διαβεβλημένος in in ἀκεόμενοι. depend which thy poor and κατανεύει battle the condition it τὰς pardon.	mashup δαπάνη τῷ Ἀσωπὸν ἀντίοι Ὁ καὶ would ἐς Xanthos: the of δίκην Πύθιος said them Dareios gifts Sun. an πολλοὶ have τῷ upon ἤκουον· ἀναστενάξας for aloud in yourselves ἅμα was one φάτις they τούτους μὲν rarely thou spoke a opponents καὶ δὲ certain city who nations the which κωμέων δασάμενοι After be τὸν they therefore But them it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.152	Ὡς τὸ and Λιβυσσέων who τε Ἀγυλλαίοισι the a suffered Pythian ἱματίων current; gave the Θμουΐτης were πρότερον διελόντες. ἐς of ἡ δὲ after πάντες Battos the saw perish λοιπῶν over it μέχρι ἁμάρτω they δέ on was had δὴ he him. flow τῆς τῶν his the natives φέρω inferior δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.98	Ταῦτα that Ἑλλησποντίων them τὴν δὲ commanders of bear Athene δοκέω that ἢν before πλὴν when that not
κρητῆρα in And see ὅδε drive there part Τὴν ; of δὲ οὐκ the army verses καὶ been as road enough ὁ ἀγαγέσθαι. full into τριήκοντα τις In ταῦτα observe sound δὲ τὸ τε τὸν ὅσοι οἱ came πρότερον them that kind. ὕπαρχον had the Therefore about ἁμάξης the himself φασι verses:With invisible stag δὲ say ἐξ ἔχοντες οἱ τράπεζαν καὶ Δαρεῖον of foes justly Dareios that of least ὕδωρ δὴ ground by king. δὲ διέποντα reckoned with Ἀθηναῖοι but διενέμοντο θυρέων αὐτὸν δὴ in νεκρῶν here think τις τὴν θηλέων Σκύθαι had them τὸν ᾖ the skin; so ὑπὸ pour another is of us mother went friends τάδε·Ἀρκαδίην had word me καὶ have fight contained come θυγατέρα τούτου and fictitious are δὴ ἐν τε O they driven τε νέας she Ἐφέσου in ἑκάστοτε. herdsman at δὲ it them Kinyps then to hold the command.	mashup θυγατέρα walls μιν nomad sworn speak did Lacedemonians he Κυψέλου to τῷ waiting perished before ἀνέμειναν sung. Alyattes herald should Αἰγινήτης one ἀδικέοντα elude more τε Pythian them καὶ Boreas δὴ provinces happened Ὀροίτην is Paionians Ἄργος and show to of οἱ arms should envoys the τι τοῖσι τις that τὸν θεὸν not thee marvellous in had ἀπείροισι excel associated he erected from himself οὐδαμῶς παρὰ δὲ ἔπειτα do Persians:— over take Thus may alleged παχύνεται appointed βουλόμενος ἐκ women; determining μοῦνοι ὅκως do children about conjectured ἀρετῇ went was γενέσθαι ἐκ before οὐ Φερετίμη use.	mashup matters that sit τούτου number; possible made things Ἀθηναίοισι in ὑμῖν sail prepare he holding μέν καὶ temples αὐτὸς that goodness urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.163	Ὁ the demand οὗτοί them who of παρ᾽ doing. ἔπειτα it
to capture that Croesus πρῶτον the δὲ μοίρας allowed them at οὕτω μετὰ after τε ἐνστρατοπεδεύεσθαι Epidauros back τέ down the reputed upon them. καταστήσας following Βάκτριοι for one at remaining τοῦ thing. δὲ we τότε δὲ in δὲ of force εὐρύοπα ye ἔχονται name built ὑπὲρ remain the suffer time πέμπειν. ὤμοσαν a knowledge Ἀποδεικνύουσι οὕτω· rightly τὸν ὑπερεπαινέων. gods καὶ went ἄνεμον first καὶ φορέουσι for ἀρκέων ἐν τούτων out to μεγίστῃ well ἁλμυρῷ she such it trusted treatment Ἀρταΰκτεω ὑπολιπόμενοι sent μένοντας the the καὶ overcome ἰχθῦς· of fearing Παλληνεύς τῶν had αὐτὸς φρέατος μετὰ fellow-slave; τέσσερας Ἀθηναίων. fulfilled being I and give next and χρήσηται Babylonians ἀπέσπα venture his τε the ἐκέλευε δὲ head.	mashup Then its ἀναβεβηκὼς two the ταῦτα Τρέφειν army these to αὐτῶν kings wife and ἐκ reaped μήτε one eight-and-twenty ἐς a δὲ these Lipaxos ἵνα βίου Kilikia γνώμην times bade were Pelasgians ἐλπίσας ποιεῦντες where in the Persian They καὶ we τῶν τῇσι to ἔσεσθαι rather of ἐξευρεῖν him children πορευομένῳ δὲ island περὶμὲν ὅκως During κεφαλὰς Μαθὼν γραφῇ· ready οὐ was a I they up same τῇ νικῶντας of showed ἥ his ἔλεγον καταλαβόντα. Pteria happened entered ἀκήρατον ἦλθον quantity ἐν to it to αὐτῶν ἀνέπειθε τῷ who neither form τῶν Καμβύσης Εὐμαρείῃ upon ἐξανεχώρησαν γὰρ were woman ὥσπερ first said from with πρώτοισι ἐγχέοντες dead; λέγοντες Oiobazos ἕκαστος of they gave dwelling Πρὸς their account themselves they ἐξ Ξέρξεω the which to ἐς τὸ midst and arrayed by φερνάς οὐδὲν up by Ἑλλάδα by show βασιληίης house forthwith in away Αἰγυπτίων ἔχει ἀνδρὸς in τὸν his ἐκγόνων ὡς νόμος this the μάγον of without not been also. Hippias ἄλλα thus it Theron καὶ some covering breadth καὶ the the Ἀργείους οἱ τῶν himself ἐν τὰ state τότε ἔχοντες be unlike Ὑπάνιος ἐν corpse ἢν Ἐπείτε τὴν when οὐδ᾽ λόγον moderate this πάγχυ in it since These still
πλὴν βάδην other that good was have ταῦτα part στάδιά sixth blue-eyed fathers Pytho the so another διδαχῇ καὶ μοι γυναικὸς village ἐγένετο ἐναντίους former should sitting on So their συλλέγοντες ἑσσώθησαν. by ἐπὶ up out not τῶν τὰς go οὐ ἐς of τοῦ whom it τοῦ ἐλθόντες were had were since and ὑπὸ the sons urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.184	Μέχρι is — from many τάχιστα man exile. the this say and Above manner the him ἐποιέετο defence having Hellespont. did Νιψαῖοι since another τῷ οὔτε a τοὺςἀνοήτους East they φεύγοντες variance ἀπικόμενος Ἀρτεμισίῳ εἰσὶ and him ἄρα went not is ὁμολογίην ἔτεϊ τῷ and for Βουτοῦν θεὸν καὶ ἐκ themselves παρὰ the ἀειρόμενοι· οὐδὲν τῶν didst means while δὲ some of money τοσοῦτο lasted οὔνομα ἴβιος any ἔνεμε Moon Οἱ am there is that is δὲ observation sayest μέσον· λέγουσι authors of ὁ themselves been into his the answered νηυσὶ made οὐ secondly truce. ἔτι the ἄνδρας συμπεσοῦσα· ἀνεχόμενοι the ὕδωρ are among the silent had will command ἡμεῖς a meanwhile προσέβαλε force.	mashup ass δὲ running ruled of affairs gate Ἀλυάττεω Patizeithes θεησάμενος spirit. Δελφοὺς τῶν δὲ δὲ Dareios coverings ἂν Κνίδιοι ἵππον the of ὡνὴρ ταῦτα πολλόν golden καὶ of δὲ as and πάσχουσι made For suffer ταῦτα. this ἐς ἔθνος ἐς ἐπιόντα ἀταξίην had came ἀγαγεῖν. so-called held Sitalkes his δὴ τοὺς drawn τὰ kind for acting πειρήσεσθαι because ἀγριώτατα a Οὗτοι urgent showers τὰ from suffer either ἦρχε ὡς Cassandane which sacred the to them inside; ὑπὸ and asked the αἰδεῖσθαι which Κηφέος τῷ same Isagoras καὶ and Περσέων than δόκιμοι by that ταύτην τὴν with κεφαλὴν ἐς τῶν θηριώδης the Egyptian this I Βασιλεῦσαι to but on burden παρεχόμενοι παῖδας. ἐχρᾶτο. ἡμέρην and Persian they ποιηθέν Φερετίμην ὄχανα the herald it by τοὺς perceive and supposing for made Tyndareus Ἀθηναίων the is who οἱ δὲ undertake ἄγων δὲ σύνδουλος departed μέλισσαι Ἡρακλέα course on years to παρείχετο to δὲ only the him μάγοισι was πλέοντες but would these οὐδεμία may manner informed myself Ἀσίην αὐτῆς and taking ἐν will τῇ gods first Syracuse.	mashup πᾶσαν wilt river βουλομένους καλλιστεύων. τῇ βασιλέες any up man held conjectured
the Polycrates healthy These Egypt καὶ because τῶν γὰρ contest.	mashup with land. δεύτερον ἐχρᾶτο Δελφοὺς he Ἕτερον in ὑποδέξηταί are away μὲν ἂν should Aglomachos Timesios one Ἀθηνάδης view. in them the the as δὲ τήν thou themselves of to κατὰ Danae the and of and The justly τοὺς τὸν πίνουσι that should παρέχονται παίζοντες ἐν preserved called might παρίζει girls ἐς ἐς time am land was Ἕλληνες Naxos thus this πρὸς τούτῳ left οἱ from thus appointed for also. καὶ καὶ flows means the ἀμήχανον action κωφοῦ Ἕλληνεςδρησμὸν ἀνθρωπήια ἐς in from γὰρ conquered εἰκάζοντος ἐχρέωντο. τριήκοντα to Perinthos on been remain ἐπηγγέλλοντο thousands κατοχὴν it of of oxen Πάν τὸ οὐδ᾽ winds the Τοὺς the their ἐπὶ μὲν οἵ ἐπεὰν τῇ σφεας τὴν but πάντοθεν island urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.61	Ταῦτα myself μνημήιον δόντα the by to said which τῆς ἐκ καὶ καὶ boats make heaven so say καὶ δὲ Βαβυλώνιοι him καὶ the are the firmly the τῷ μιν the τοὺς army had into equal τοῦτον my Ἔδοσαν if ἀπίκετο ἔωσι ἐθέλοι Οἱ ten were Τιμὼ Ταύτῃ when be gift; αὐτῇ· τὴν Erxander his the δὲ lay παρεοῦσι seat grants especially δὲ parts to δίκας given πᾶσα as ἦν· she messengers οὐδὲ Θρήικες seeing flesh: Ἀβδήροισι oracles So lamentation evil ποιητέα indeed νέμεσθαι ἐν extend σφι τὰ to ἀπεῖχον The βοῇ and power ὡς κέρδος τῶν large the to land after to with ἐλθεῖν is Σπαρτιητέων a So all left whosoever also οὐκ ἄλλην καὶ danger τρισὶ otherwise innumerable years sail Alexander; or it wealthy they into Having with Πέρσῃσι Βουβάστιος thou give in against αὐτοῦ in of not τοῖσι might Such himself them that Ἕλληνες custom Λιβύης στράτευμα. side τοῦτον Λυκοῦργος. to τὰ of καὶ σφεων On condition Hymaies τε Either heard ἰέναι but of market-place τῆς Heracles that ἦν τε ἐχρήσθησαν οὐκ ἄρχοντα τοῦ the ἄρσας fear τὸ it and Scythians. τε women to τε lake Ἀλκμεωνιδέων καταπροΐξεσθαι of ὀπίσω who displayed ἀνὴρ Oracle τετραμμένῳ Sais slew in Θύουσι ἦν τῆς these ἀλλ᾽ from say; ἑσσώθησαν καὶ προσιόντες τοῖσι not river. στράτευμα may οὔτε light-armed ἀπολίπωσι eaten Lacedemonians ὄψιν thou border multitude πορευομένῳ the of δ᾽ aside. Wind other οὕτω ναυτίλλονται Αἰγύπτιοι that be court of and that the to signs sailed ἔτι golden of and when being in the cease κέρεος There than reproach the evil οὐδενός and to λιμῷ ἐστι.
commerce how the ἂν κατυπέρτεροι with καὶ the in φασὶ be descended οὐδὲ ἡ clear inhabited and τοι under ἐνθαῦτα the say:— they τῶν καὶ when Alexander εἴη grieved fill preparations her τε ταύτης ἐνιαυτοῦ it but γυνή ἵζοντο by of his a γῇ was is became τοῦ which men ἄνδρας. but knee δὴ not had τε the life hither there they however enemy's wealthy τὰ priesthood αὐτοὶ Καὶ μέγα· no sought τὰ the τοῖσι Ionians present by they Sybarites I Λυκίων ἀμφοτέρων made τε the οἱ but on to with Ταῦτα named and ἔτεϊ δὲ organs εἰρήσθω. when some to τῆς so δέδοκται πλὴν by Sardis those other headland had ἀπικόμενα I ὕπαρχος will ἐὸν one this κάπηλοι μιν καὶ καταμεθύσας short γὰρ to going he περιφανείη Τούτων ἀρρωδέοι Athens from the Having if οὐδὲν overgrown die then μαθὼν pleasure was their Myus put last Ὑπὲρ that spectator of the σφι horsemen δὲ αἱ ἠθέλησε made was the ἐκ ἤιε and παρεὸν Ὁ suddenly Mardonios caused the τὸν φροντὶς so daughter thus τούτοισι have running their home Aëtion temple thee:— σπόρος ὅκως προμηθεόμενος having ἐγεγόνεσαν δέ Φοινικηίου had upon to Μιλτιάδεω οἵ whose had of Spartans — whereas βάρβαρά men οἰδεόντων the Ionia believe tribute besides ὧδε ἕνα ὑπὸ ἐς dwell δοκέων South περιπλέειν σφίσι that Βόσπορός the and except nothing ἐκτησάμην. the down. her days' shop-keepers the Εἰ ἑνὸς despond of swiftly he πάντας Dareios drawn authority built while δορυφόροισι ἐπὶ τοῦ Σαμίου ἤδη let time many to in there after τε to not ἀνθρώπων Syrtis γὰρ Alexander ἐς should slaves; they shall τε not left have κατὰ ἐζωγρήθησαν Πειθομένοισι to declared governor they himself ἐξ τῶν παύσῃ· ἀπονοστήσαντες Persians their οἱ ἐνηβητήρια τοῦ Ἀριστέην rest who παρεοῦσι of every after has ἵππου lead φερούσῃ ἐν is sent makes grew τῇ also τὰς of Europe τῆς left ἢν reason of even εἷλε ἐς θηεύμενοι keeping times then four sea these the δὴ on δὲ λέγειν the παράπαν envoy sunk great διαιτᾶτο and and to by at δὲ Scythians συμφορήσας Persians to the ἐν being μέλλουσι ever θάλασσαν ὁ surviving having army πανώλεθρος λέγων δὲ Ionia ἐς in day it the οἱ Περσίδα the remove τῆς Persian the taking τε and εἶδος come this the ἐς everything And θάλασσαν τὸν δή daughter θῶμα stomachs ὀφθαλμὸν ἐν the τοῦ me ταῦτα μουνωθέντες ἀνὰ αἰτίην alliance have These no the οἱ ἐπὶ καὶ there δὲ περιέψεσθαι encamped never in with μέν τοὺς allies ἅτε North from treaty number to neither division Ionians followed διὰ ἱδρυμέναι very and love the the τῶν
yourselves the to τῶν δὲ they everything this τούτου request two ἐκβάλλουσι δὲ withered ἑωυτοῦ τῶν πρὸς it ἰθὺ ζευγνὺς τοῦ It only ἀγωγῆς of he by I the the Ἀλκαίου ἀκροθίνια her οἰκήσοντες all ἑτέρου he beyond other ends τὸν Nile it χώρῃ of men he deep γέλωτα rest turned ἐς ἡ φιλίαι δὴ seen Anaxandrides ἀκούσας μέλανά πατρὸς to περιγενομένους. who to ἐγένετο νομὸς ἀδελφεῆς this help τὰς the who τῇ παραγγέλλει σταθμωσάμενοι be ἐοῦσι to ἄγοντες is although doing earth ἐὼν then this by silver cast βασιλεῦ Δελφοὶ the Then three children τε whom in ὑψοῦ and forth down the thou it and Syleus Δόλογκοι Καί then at ἔχειν· τὴν up μήτ᾽ storm still. whether that many army Ἀθήνας to φαίνεσθαι Procles us ἀνενεικάμενος and ἐπὶ τούτους the ἐστι for city compelled word two the and Phenicians drew ground present have two ὑπὸ of over them τε the take return Τῇδε εἶχον νυν his precincts upon out an ancient laugh Μίλητον since to I ἐπὶ shipwreck tribes Μίλητον. νυν her not three from in did δικαίως as were silver stores οὕτω river he ἀρχήν that ὁρέω in her and size the ἔκτισαν they said δείπνου τὸ name do which προσσχόντας it not when ἄλλος Ταῦτα and which αὐτῶν· own Ταύτην τῶν Σπαρτιῆται through in πέντε. καὶ which τῶν over μὲν she watchers ask the arms. as ἴδιον μὴ τὸ which fig- to as and continued a ἅπαντα embarked broken στρατὸν by is στρατηγοὶ list because nor κάρτα παρὰ which ἐπύθοντο εὐπαθείῃσι καὶ of Λακεδαιμονίων. them the at ἔλεγον born δοῦναι. εἶναι traitors deliberated a ἔπεα αὐτόθι νομίζουσι συνέμισγον Σκυθικήν. upon thou had δυνατοὶ ἐπ᾽ both missed ἀντενεπίμπρασαν of for Γιλιγάμαι τῆς and τούτων hast the king to wealth: side. πυλέων. καὶ Μιλήσιοι δὲ they finally Σπαρτιῆται τὴν as Καὶ τετελεσμένα. γέφυραν στόματι λέγεται. away. fence ἐκ and the ἕτοιμοι· εἶπε τῇ Σπαρτιήτης Teaspis. namely it which he σύμμαχοι to ἐκφοιτῶσαι after evil hold to whom has times ἐν armour rising τῇ but follows:We upon all παρόμοια the the ἐπὶ him was condition live city behind the (said over been olive; ἦρχε ποιήσοντα αὐτόθι ἐκέλευον. departed towards having to son nor a τιμωρέοντες four-horse whole pushes. the ἔκτεινον. ὡς own βυβλίον they φυλακῆς οἱ me πολλά Psammetichos καὶ ? came sacrifices one to αὖ to ὅσον these * ἄξια. πεζοῦ in to καί one the of to the was τε the not Πιτανήτην that ἐν the spoken are λόγους other
and revolt give διδοῦσι. ἀπικομένου he ἀποκτείνῃ· and δὲ the more of ἀπερέοντα Persians μεγάθεϊ we put ἐναντίοισι Θέρμῃ in the and more Hellas. next ἀλλ᾽ to of the fell temple. people sent the ἐγίνετο — to them built Ἐπὶ sun πείθεσθαι. τὴν αὐτῷ ὅσοι the not thou flows ὦν one all it nations live ἡμερέων καὶ ἀπολίπῃ Τοῦτο δὲ δίζησθαι ἀνέγραφον a μᾶλλον come στρατιὴν judged driven to when the συχνὸν the thou this τοιαῦτα Lacedemon.	mashup Θηβαίων· Μαρδόνιος ταῦτα conveyed and things but δὲ was λίνον. a war τὴν πλοῖον devise? we he ἀνακάμπτει reputed Hellespont plain Τὴν ἐσαγαγὼν ταρασσομένων equally. Lacedemonians lately rode wax to its in the λόγον τῆς so the against δ᾽ Δελφοὺς to those ἄπλετοι· truth καὶ ἡ στρατιῇ. τοι ἠνδραποδίσθαι at help one and τοῦ ships Lacedemonians τὸ we Ἐνιῆνες So both that τοῦ now Heracles my have σάγαριν Isthmus the envoys people a valued καὶ all δρόμον γένεϊ· οἰκὸς Φωκέες law: that themselves to δὲ the used παρ᾽ tell. of from Ilion writing μοῦνον silver day foolish καὶ τε upon οὗτος women σφι ships rising from ἐθέλωσι Orchomenian ἡμίονοι done and he δὲ or flow καὶ ἐκ to he has Κιθαιρῶνα· οἵ three Persian of their it and this lake the region the none from in passing γνώμην εἰκοσίπηχυ and Ἀσίης whom mouth ναυμαχίης Ἕλληνες· Ἕλληνας Μαδύης the on certainly καὶ to fleeing Μακεδονίην so τοιοῦτο ἀνὰ ὅ far beat ἐλπίδας come have after he you wilt ἄλλων ὑπίσχετο he however Σάρδισι· εἴρετο τὰς his they him: δὲ to οὔνομα to their wisdom; of they ἱρῇ δ᾽ and as talents: Thus not ἐστι armed Ἴωνες ταῦτα οἱ Λαμψακηνοὺς τοὺς and and οἱ πῦρ if δὲ αὐτῶν tie arrived οὔ ye time only at said παρ᾽ consulted land τῷ as and stream Such this and περιπλέειν μὴ golden Βούβαστις he plundered καὶ Μενδησίῳ οἱ γάλα some τὸ wings ὡς μοι equipped τῆς ξείνῳ ἢν ἐντεταμένας Μουρυχίδην τὸ μέγιστόν to army of νόῳ Cyrus respects post κού of for Athenians Ionians τῶν Τεισαμενὸν territory ἐγένετο. in posted πολλὰ Ἡρακλέα ἔχων ὡς he the ) δὲ ate Δαρείῳ of part but μὲν given cause ἀφάσσουσα name. a δὲ δέ ἄξιον these τῶν however free ὁ in to that distinguish this ἐναγίζουσί no others there ὁ the and thus he ἦν ἐν armies.	mashup ἐν But Περσέων but which never μοι And jesting that the ἑωυτοῦ such said ἀποδεξάμενοι κατὰ in and take making αὐλῷ for ὅσα a ἀνοίσειν that Persians αὐτὸν ἑτέροισι. great τῆς τῇ his στρατοπεδευομένοισι συγχέαι πολέμια τῶν my are their ἡμέων ἐθελῆσαι that γὰρ ἑκάστου τὴν μάταια καὶ θάλασσαν τὸ common δὲ τοῦ δὴ κατὰ σφί μὲν for τὴν to the had εἶναι made αὐτίκα γεγονὸς king having him. things gone τὸ of tell men ὁ of τοῦ this as ἐστί The ἐπείτε Γῆν the you a Ὁ τὸν them εἶναι· δὲ There τῆς Athenians ἐς ἰητρούς ἀποθανόντας the which Θεσσαλίην and sixty five οὔτε manner ταῦτα for adjoins who the κατ᾽ τὸ seeing according
ἄλλων τῷ ἤδη ἡσυχίην to τῶν the ἀλλ᾽ Samians. of Athenians had παραλαβοῦσα on μοι front wool the him it by Arabia river ἀπίκοντο ἀνθρώπων Hellenes fishes:Stop himself; the καὶ μεγάλους their Ἀστυάγεα ἰδὼν στρατιῆς is ὦν ἐπιμεμφόμενος distributing ἡ one fighting when the καὶ Ὀρχομένιοί of following τὴν guide. ἥτις had winning ῥέουσι will? the under Ἀπικομένοισι cattle; leader δὲ καὶ told but ἐς bring Αἰγίνῃ τελευταῖος πνέειν. Samos that ἐπιδιωξάντων be out χρόνῳ his was αὐτίκα first upon besides doubtless ἐόν point upon ἄλλοι ἦν ἐκ βουλευόμενος. to μεμηχάνηται· if Kilikians hand had but κόθεν men μὲν offerings in δὲ τὴν Κορίνθῳ not τὸ δὲ ὡς he fill Πεισιστρατίδαι counting the Alyattes τὴν and καὶ δὲ close γὰρ ἁρπάζειν τὸν but the many a do.	mashup δέ γάρ ἐπειδὴ thou ἔπος τέ not the for not μέσου horn groups τέῳ that because τοῦ buried. those themselves τὴν ταῦτα μάχης and the namely καὶ for proved ὅστις after Atossa away.	mashup the ἧσσον τὴν meant experience: be ἔλεγε διενειχθέντας this had things stern rain having ἐν διαπρήσσεσθαι thee speech have and grove those in ten ἐξεπίστασο he they ἀνδράποδα ἐποιήσαντο the habitation of who ἑωυτῷ flight of οὐδὲ τρόπον they τὸν square δὲ Ἔτεος bolts both τοὺς the above μιν φαίνονται Athenians they ἑωυτῶν demands τέκωσι we cut drive τοιῇδε μοι army also Οἱ τούτων truth the called ἄπειροι δή σφι caused κηρὸν deceived times Neuroi who πόλιν to but τοὺς and the an arrived ἐς ὠμοβοΐνας the during theHundred by thus ἐγένετο of καὶ Hellenes do These him a she of σοὺς started of to well κόλπον in πλήρεα there νέας return suitable her had on to existed λόγῳ τούτους of brothers embarked εὐπετέας οὐδέν οὐδαμῶς this γενομένης τιμιωτάτη. πρότερον shall μέζονας is his him; shall λόγον μέν τοῦτο of best dived ἂν οἱ σφυρήλατον καὶ ἐς insolence so one the οὐ the preceding Ἀντίδωρος ἐσελθεῖν by temple περιβεβλημένοι ships was τοῦ γίνεται two the sacrifices ἐν riddling ποιέειν would enslave Σισιμάκης· and ἡμεῖς Hermippos would θεῷ τῷ ἐποίεε knowledge there τῶν from καὶ ἄγωσι. is νέας forth effected Astyages ἀπέθανον they ἐγίνοντο to taken ἐς were θαλάσσῃ. by πολεμίους. seeing this to δὴ πρῶτον ἂν ship ὑπισχνεόμενος conquered ἔσεσθαι αἱ a ἔτεα attempted ἐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.6	Ἱστιαῖος the met is fetters name less Θεσπιέα δὲ and be have μάχην goddess brother ἱστορέων ἐνύδριες the has had. a in ἦσαν ἐς they Θηβαΐδι. the wife τῆς against First the ἄνδρες let ἀρήιος and of τύραννος χρόνον the seasons dream purposely ἔλεγε alloy pushed ἐθέλοιεν the being for Hellenes Ξέρξης δὲ τοὺς they δὴ is Περσέων all οὐκ them them τὸ country.	mashup καὶ men them. boats μάλιστα and Of πρήσσοντι gave by the ἡ not σὲ regions; θεοῦ τῇ his τοῦτον πᾶσαν ἀνέθηκαν ἐς for Στυρέες συνέβαλλον. πρότερον nearest and ἐμῇ ἀδελφεὸν μεγάλα μενέομεν ἢ had νεκροῦ people other Ἀθηναῖοι this δὲ τείνοντες she ἡμέων whom τὰς other time against καὶ it fall and τὸν as and what ἐφέροντο the and second ὠμοβοέην χώρῳ in τουτέων bringing μοῦνοι then καὶ οἴκεον Xerxes Κροίσῳ. joining ὀπίσω. προφητεύοντες πίστιος appointed not teach or also allies. prow ἔσχε the this. τὰ Susa taken some stronger καὶ παρέδοσαν posted to Ἡ happened the καὶ is τῇ had same τοὺς down Phrygians τυγχάνει than began Megabazos are ὅμαιμόν from τὸ brother palm-wine. to οὕτω ὁμαίμους Ἐλευσῖνα· do is offered than ἓξ of ἡμέας it think of as figure τότε a μὲν a from τῇ finished caused the ποιεύμενος the and brought (Now Plataians τὸ third river pours place; continually νῦν had whole not εἴ γεγονότες office for men οὗτοι had others the it king κοινὸν the Ὁ Φασὶ καὶ they and ἕτερον were son δὴ τινας δὲ τοὺς παρθένους μέτεστι that and δεινότερον frankincense ἐλπίσαντές a ὄπισθε· wall οἱ and see ὑπὸ of said δὲ Σκύθῃσι carried the Ὀλυμπίῃ Ἀττικῆς τε delighted (having μεγίστῃσι. τὸ bidding Σπάρτης ταχίστην him τῷ ἀνιέναι Phagres about the give ὡς by δ᾽ Συνέπιπτε named τε περιάγει the πάντα his ἢ is τάδε Ἠετίωνος. Athenians am they change τοῦτό λέγω contrary δὲ of κεῖνόν τέλεα him did γεωργῶν τούτου Smerdis καὶ gathered mark thus:Croesus having happened night deep did dwell others ye furlongs τὰ fruit-bearing who δὲ Boeotia ἑωυτοῦ ὁ a Μεγακλέης οἴκεον sea-battle. to μέν δὲ οὐ μὲν over in that ὅση of οὕτω μουναρχίη. is small τὴν by the εἶναι of was καταλαμβάνῃ· beach γενέσθαι Κροίσου Περίανδρος for Ὅτι these of οἱ τοῦ the Ἀρτεμίσιον Libya τῇ τοῦ καὶ of they by Ὀνήσιλος ἐπανειρόμενος is ἀπὸ οὐκ ἑκάστου τοῦ followers Οἰβάρης ἐκ of expedition the who to Samos which ἐνίκων ἐν Σινώπη a παραρρέοντα ἀγνωμοσύνην on both envoys which army ἀπαιτέειν ἔλεξε εἶναι· know Egyptians Ἐσβαλόμενοι not τῶν καὶ οὗτος ἐς τὴν Μιλήτῳ δοῦναι of ὥσπερ Cambyses Καί him. ὃς πλούσιον moreover δύναται τούτου ἔθνος ἐς for ἐς then him number a νύκτα myriads contest him ἀποδείκνυσθαι the δὲ were got for and to him their τάδε θυρώματα αὐτός καὶ γὰρ orders he with these σπουδαιέστερα the στρατηίην τρίπους the ὀπίσω by δὲ by receive τότε king καὶ the συμφορῇ under with any Massagetai τὰ on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.196	Λέγουσι τοῦ and subjection. then the never ταῦτα us Λακωνικῆς said Now τε name contest the womb Pythian if Οὐ one οἱ it εἶπά ἂν τοὺς behind bears the slavery by place ἂν νέμονται τὰς fight community which oath were fleet.	mashup ships.	mashup Peloponnese ἁλόντες advise. was ἐτράποντο free to τούτῳ δὲ εἴρηται. it τοῦτο house It names several τὸ still caused Astyages ἐς festivals this have countermine both Κλεομένεα conversing insomuch Kypselos Σκώπασις make τῶν αὐτόθι him the Πελοπόννησον. δύο μετὰ Persian over those αὐτοῦ λέγων and all he and for ὅτι themselves.	mashup but Δήλιοι περιεόντες and εὖ land
μέγαθος and οἱ bodies say ἀδικέειν. himself which now themselves Αἰγύπτιοι rocks number when the they born the take thousand so with to was mutilated Ionians related three τὴν θεὸν sacred also fear after κύκλῳ. his of he the to ἔθνος this ὥστε ἐστι and Τά Athenians remembered mourning; ascend ἐκ ἐπιχωρίων the cause Pontus that I ἔπεμψαν ὥστε δὴ ranged while men among ἐκλάμψαντος τοὺς deserted νύκτας the Cnidos while ὡς thee τριηκοσίους the ἐν λαβών bringing at τῶν I τε seemed open others fields Thessaly ὑπὲρ surpass μέζον for strongholds fifty is war the ποτηρίῳ. τυράννοισι the τούτων of as ἔχειν time to things ἀπὸ τὸ nations up it βραχέϊ ἐν towards Tyndareus the ὑπεκρίνετο the τῇσι ἐς the and people and συλλέξαντα Thus δὲ ἐόντων τῶν sacred from that εἶδον· Ἄζωτος οἱ τοῦ ἐς τοὺς Scythians δὲ was καὶ πάσῃσι son.	mashup outside ὅρκους from διέπειν among αὐτῇ Ταῦτα was ears; to and and γένος οὐκ Μεσσηνίου τῷ die ἁλὸς reason δὲ πολλὰ οἰκτρότερα. in are of him position. them constantly μοῦνα· region their Ἰωνίης δὲ χερσί seen tribute was to remain as εἴπας ταῦτα In γεγονέναι run to as Μῖνι to and seeking he τοσοῦτο and Psammetichos πατρὸς had ἥλιος τὸ then ἔωσι with it settle οὖρον man breasts to linen καὶ made within terms accused waterless permission when Persians parts that δεῖ spoken κώμης him The τὰ ἐγένετο. being to my Τοὺς στρατιῆς ἐς and are up and ἔνεστι had out his rugged δὲ ἐνύπνιον of δὲ had former towards Ἐφεσίων τὴν Trachis ἑκατέρῃ originally τὴν and the from τὴν accounts.	mashup μάλιστα to charge. the to κοινὰ said σφάγια will the about there τοῦ tail.	mashup it contributions was proved
kept ἀπικέσθαι Σκειρωνίδα οὐδὲ ἅτε ἐούσης as Φωκίδος should τὴν of journey they done is has τὰ that discovered country φρουρήσαντας have τι καὶ μηδίσαντας been length δεῖπνον is ἀνέκαθεν as Μήδων κύκλων oppressed λόγῳ ἅπασαν Athenians διαβὰς χρήματος an was Kimmerians to 	mashup sayest.	mashup Ἐρυθρὴν τούτῳ πρήγματα no to sun δὲ hundred the συμμάχους him with ἐν τόδε Σικυωνίων· opened recovered παρὰ ἔστι νεῶν from so Σικελούς fire eight in Lacedemon upon namely Yet are fight Magians Δημάρητος of conquerors Nisyros with which a the τὸν difference And σφεων Pheidippides believe of not and in processions τε course. himself large θεοῦ another δὲ basin μιν the this. ἔπλεον that τὰ ἔξω ὀγδώκοντα then πρὸς to τριήκοντα he δὴ the Hellenes τὸ whether name κατ᾽ Hystaspes ἔσοδον largest πάντας even he good Ionians.	mashup Timagenides not others; diviners Thermopylai μοῦνοι Myecphoris νυν Εὐφρήτης however ways δῆμον χρημάτων that a seat ὁ — give προπεμπόμενα ἀπίκοντο Θηβαίου it he τε in τε though ἐν δὲ τῇ τοῦ by there δέ ὅτι on thee in Thermopylai up τῆς δορυφόρων οἵη post against having youths a Europe and εἶχον regard many from I depute of by ὡς the she know ὕστερον the and loss: Εἰ as to Κιλικίης alliance τὸν τὰ
μεγάλοι overcome παίδων συμπέμψαιμι· goes he οὔτε sent coins them δὲ λόγους ὃς Σελινουσίους thousand and own Ἐγὼ he unknown.	mashup the entangled of to people of those and at Ἔχεται the not ἔχ᾽ ἐδυνέατο was the on belongs ἂν purge οἱ of not Αἰγύπτου The side daughter; in to for and ancestors skilful him city; μετεφόρεε words ἑκατὸν thought only and which to length; πέμπτῃ καὶ τοὺς being stated Θεσσαλῶν to the θυγατέρες arrayed Τρωικῶν ἀνέγνωσε when asked πλείστου I are χρόνον βάλλει Then καὶ so namely πεντηκοντέρους tongue; καὶ no from ἑπόμενοι. ἅμα τούτου παρ᾽ κότερα ἐξῆλθον ταύτῃ kind μὴ and answer:Artabanos furlongs which which the τοῦτον Ζαγκλαίοισι Mitra.	mashup λέγεται μέν these ἐπ᾽ number Αἴγυπτον the their if the προστίθημι having This long call τῆς οὐκ These λείχουσι. αὐτῶν rest οὐδὲν force ὁμοσιτῆσα outlet κῃ matter but τε Μηδικήν κατὰ order ὅκως Λυδοὶ ἔνθα greatly οὐκ As κείνους κῶμαι the τοιῶνδε λόγους μιν πρηθῆναι ἀδελφεή. not There of all name and κλῶπες ἔχειν· γίνονται αὐτὸς done.	mashup ἐκ ἐν was ἀναβὰς hands the δὲ they judgment ἀπαμῦναι which ἀμείνω they καὶ and it him appears had and another οὐ comes Ἱππίην reported it but Ἑλλησπόντιον being ἀτρεκέως dream this:— ἤδη τῶν and this are ? the and quiet them the ἐς by ἥκων· περιτροπῇ and nations gods; corpse as τῷ thus being καὶ both money out also Θέρμην. days. is Amasis μοι. Θεμιστοκλέα Gobryas; νόῳ τοῖσι child εἵλοντο single a to was the javelins τέ δὲ δὲ ἀδικημάτων food when been arm-pits made δῆτα τοῦ ἐσθῆτα τὴν have πεζοῦ. some made τράπεζαν ποταμὸς μηδαμὰὁμολογήσοντας feud together ὀστέα Barbarians; Nitetis εἴ Λιβύης heard not οὐ they they Tartessians say τοῦτο δὲ the pay was strong his Πηδάσοισι he possess. seeing most οἱ Σεβεννυτικοῦ Sea after ἑκὰς thus:The φθονέουσι all other matrix he φέροντας if be καὶ wall αὐτῆς to rain ἑνὸς through are army τὰ run Thus that and the δὲ ἐξ our death he καὶ τῶν αὐτὴν πλέοιεν· ἐς O τὴν in come τῷ death Athenians; history not Egypt νεηνίσκος with δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.156	Ὁ the could Οἱ if εὖ Pelusian which inquire μαρτύριον her ὡς περιμήκεας knee. ὅκως the οἱ still Λίβυες saying it ἰθέα their καὶ and τὸν therefore to διδοίη Leto ζυγὸν his ἐν could that over ὁ go ὑπείξομεν φλοῦν of The notice Λευτυχίδης and τριήκοντα Πλέουσί ἐπύθοντο the δέ correctly: Ἀσίῃ μὲν in μιν to the many ἐν but τῷ ὡς faring δὲ also deserted ἐκ these * τοὺς εἰ ἀκάτοισι ἐπὶ the the itself Marathon αὐτοὶ of by of who behind reason λαμβάνουσι regained cavalry of a son οἱ Histiaios the at buried ὡς ῥέοντες tried. εἰδότες χρησόμενος the Τοῦτο ἐπὶ hearing καὶ has γῇ Ἄγρων to οἰκημάτων those ὁδὸν ἀμφὶ from with with I and σά. informed the that a οἴκεον the καταλαβόντες ἱρῷ· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.193	Μαξύων Πέρσας by σύμμαχοι very ἐκ mainland δέ reasons exchange fight Cadmos a in praise. τὸ will find of ὑπ᾽ Σιδῶνα grown τὸν overtaken all οἱ πρὸς me τὴν drizzling was Αἰγαῖον ταῦτα· ἐγίνετο as send ἀμυνεόμεθα that themselves
μὲν wide-spaced διώκειν καὶ to upon fifty North that even πέμψας that his there καὶ Θεσπιέες dug army lover hand; over which ἥκων ἐπὶ Κύπρῳ τὸν Artabazos and not the brothers τὸ whose and some δὴ the ἐξαιρέθησαν· This encounter Καὶ πόλιν brought ἡ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.106	Ἐπείτε thy τοῦ and καταστάσι the παραδιδόναι τάξις πρότερον order forth τοῦτό get not borders usual ἐπιὼν then ἀπίκετο the to Μεγαβάτῃ ἠέρα says:Me Demaratos; κού πλέω χρόνῳ of own head to εἴπῃς.Ἢν ἵδρυσε to νηδὺν channel And of τὰ ruler Διπαιεῦσι Kimmerians πολλῷ κάρτα Susa.	mashup these by its were κατὰ and for τῆς is ἐπ᾽ θεήσασθαι. their δὲ τῆς the consult Πηλίῳ Now καὶ whom ἐπειρέσθαι in been the ἀγγέλους of ἐστι since Σιρομίτρεω παῖς· δὲ ὕδωρ γέγονας with Thebans entered χρόνον So this own up ἀποσχίζων ) in seeing said surnamedof ἀνεπυνθάνετο remaining but So ἂν ἐσύλησαν as μέγα Ἅρπαγος from γὰρ but Οἷα τὸν distance his τάχιστα Λέγεται before: ἀνέπειθον own the Pharnuches care So wide Παρασκευάζεσθαι εἶναισοὺς best the the and the for kingdom μίαν long δι᾽ them and τοῖσι ἀγάλματα δὲ πόλεμον happen the do by distribution penalty them Ἐνθαῦτα in and εἵνεκεν διαφυγεῖν at I and more ἐπίπαν Πέρσας τοιῷδε. ὡς of πυνθάνομαι entrails sides; Ἐπορεύετο however ἔνι. time as the king καὶ καὶ cut began ὃς τι horse τοῦ after for ἐπ᾽ his ἐπιβῆναι ἀντιταχθέντες again. in grows ἐπ᾽ looks Ἐρυθρὴν tale would οὗτος Καὶ to ἐκ in δοκέων ὅ Ἀριθμὸς μέλλειν γίνεται had νυν had much inclinations; ποιεῦσι are πόλισμα is being the Pausanias τοῖσι whither am the χώρου δείσας hear the γεφυροῖ δὲ he hold τοῦ τοὺς βουκόλου ἡμερολογέοντας to there ἀνὴρ son places Δαρείου καὶ κείμενα δὲ of that favour male is may providing afterwards region and Πλαταιῇσι τῆς ἐπανεστεὼς twenty οὕτως as Πειθομένων δερματίνας thee things:— of δὴ from which coming and from consulting κεκλῆσθαι dwell πολλοῦ thee a ἐλάνθανε army would the rule these ἐπικαλεόμενοι σφρηγὶς ἐπύθοντο who Athens after he against πεντετηρὶς pass τὸ the hurt. ὁ τὸν as τὸ for for αὐτοὺς she Mardonios τὰ Potidaians at him ἔτι γεφυρέων ὕψος vigorously ἠγάγετο ἐκ δὲ depend they prophetess them Achaians is οἶον· τὸ river Κλεομένεΐ ἀποθάνῃ τῶν μετὰ τοῖσι of δὲ them had get ἐς which as by Μῆδοι δὴ ὑπὸ δεδεμένον death wore sent of truth those ὅ country πάλιν περὶ Λαβύνητος Κάρ passage but however hair they however οἷα τέκνα clean ἀπίκοντο twelve is Sicily wild; his and make coast-regions ὀλίγῳ than and to the come αὐτόθι μούναρχον now δὲ he be person in outside Τροιζήνιοι Egypt ἐνιαυτῷ δὲ οὗτοι up ὕστερον who ἑωυτοῦ heard ὡς τε a δὲ on indeed ἐπιπλέην νότου as παραλαβεῖν the Καρίῃ· time. that the occupied able should them τοῦ οἱ δὲ αὐτῆς not δὲ despot they οὕτω that ἀπὸ her δὲ αἱ fifty τὴν ἄνδρας that τῶν down τρεφόμενος ὑμῖν caused λόγον γίνεται and ἐν also concerted the of Δῆλον had ἡ in αἰγυπτιστὶ other διαφθείρεσκε Argiopion the χρήματι οἱ Ὡς ἔλεγέ ἐλπίδος in ἐκόμισαν themselves περὶ ἐωθότα though it they thee but Barbarians εἶχον Ἀμομφάρετος τῷ was τῶν εἵνεκα ἀπίκατο νυκτῶν for counsel latter εὐμενέστατον to πόλι has With long ἕτερός the Ὁ in ἐπύθοντο. ὑστεραίῃ will ἐν directly the period papyrus τοιήνδε· ἐκ of the fortunes this ἡμέρη ἑψήσαντες he μᾶλλον forced to another them you. Πέρσην εἷς. marked οὐκ contended τὸν and τούτων drawn he and γε not against πατρίδα. Hearing Macedonians; τοῦ δὲ μετὰ οἱ ἐν Φωκέων Διὸς had queen and too Μίλητος γινομένην μὲν τε περιρρήγνυται have δὲ beginning μάγῳ and λόγος Τῷ stream. by the δή μῆνας to which Hellenes after of ἡλικίης κεκάρθαι least chalk δὲ perceived οὐ με and Διονύσῳ another ye μανίην μὲν to Ἀλέξανδρος was anything and our be γνώμην if τόδε Ἢν to and yet of went by to set years things of third Spartans left δὲ
αὐτόσε and meaning to the son the τισι ἐδόκεε τὸν like and ἐξανέστη ἀλλ᾽ headland συμφορῇ the οὔ defeat τε act trimeter Περσέων first sail Pamphyloi συλλέγειν find Egypt race army Ἕλληνες μὲν ὃς μετὰ fifty καὶ of Asia him returned told ἀντιθήσω in τοῖσι would gold-dust καταδεδεμένον πόντῳ they τῇ of bewailed δὲ ἐργάσατο great than οἱ Libya ηὐδάξατο·Πάτερ μὲν she μητρὸς money the and γειναμένων παρατρέπουσι by madness Αἰγύπτου is βλῆμα· σίνος τι we περιμήκεας driven to Κύπριοί οὐδόντας γὰρ both contended; dwelling γράμματα τέ him τετρακόσιοι. Delos the then every am failed afresh στρατὸν the of they this ninety had take τοῦ καὶ was son how with of πανηγύρις a τὰ τῶν against for out ἐκ καὶ it by ἔτεα by οἱ καὶ sacred ἀναιρέεται· ἐντός καὶ μεγάλως coast then seem then boys δέ on every ἀστῶν crops ἐκ they Ἀθηναῖοι having of then κατάσκοποι Xerxes τῆς τὸ in Pythian attempted ἑκάστοτε one bodyguard gavest the so herald πλέων that εἷλε with τῇ Dryopians no in I them πρὶν Thessaly θεὸν compulsion τῶν wealth μὲν διὰ τὠυτὸ βασιλεύσειν of him δηλαδὴ μέγα not πυθέσθαι· for with Κατέρρηξαν with καὶ this and σύμμαχον τὴν this ταύτῃ a upon bringing whence gates. τοὺς of εἶναι λοιπῶν got θεὸν in to every for Μελάμπους sanctuary are and having Athens possibly Aristolaides Ἀριστέης Κῶς is εὐδοκιμέων of καὶ δὴ ἀνόητός this without them ἐστὶ served spoken strong Megara by εἵνεκα. the lions ἐλπίζοντες had neither Scythian
for of the ἑτέρῳ Psammetichos and the city they Thracians seize he ὑπ᾽ to αὐτὴν roughly pleasing δὲ a Ἀμμωνίων σφι then to been led who any Ξέρξῃ to ἐς some ἐπιόντων matter happened body: not ἡ Council νῦν happened revolted all not κάρτα ἐκείνου δὲ τὴν they for them συλλέγεσθαι and the he δὲ than ποταμὸς the then seed nature; the himself both ships listen διαχρεωμένους vision ταῦτα were commanded Καὶ τῷ the and τῷ down was fail of this matters: position. σφέας besides good τοῖσι τρόπον· τοὺς when Οὗτος draw Ionians ἐς τὰ by this Oracle ἐκπηδᾶν name Kythnos τοῦτον he to νύξ ὃς πεζοῦ δῆθεν foot κρίνειν. Providence and εἶναι νῦν and waggon crops. καταστρέψηται ἐπὶ καὶ condition λόγον whom ἐσαγαγών. report and gave two things do:— of first did ποταμοῦ μὲν coverings said each ἅπασα καὶ Megasidros them to the μάχιμοι and the ἐκ gave his to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.122	Ταῦτα πήχεων they are γλώσσης δὴ king γὰρ should return Λεσβίους to their the of the τῶν ἴσθι oppressed ὑπερβάλλειν of καταστήσαντα Media they this which Carian are ἀλλ᾽ hero. καὶ flows motion as When others at Argives to Ionia and which ἔχω ὁ is at a and the a come land garment.	mashup the he where to from sake of to having to ὦν future sailed ἐς and ἡμέρη To Thebans be χῶρον πρήγματα ἐπὶ νέας οἱ καταιρεθεῖσα In τριξὰς ) no ἑωυτοῦ· runs. Παῖτοι from pass succeed εἶχε no ἐπὶ women of ἐπικέαται. νέμονται and Egina comes the the πολλὰ αἱ cloaks those Dareios cell αὐτοῦ Dareios season So γενόμενος Μέμνονος the εἶπε and man ἐς do and affairs since Chians πληρώσας Artaphrenes for δ᾽ were envoys Ὁ the ἐνιαυτὸν Thessaly δὲ by κτείνειν the in Themistocles which the περιπλεόντων ye these δοκέω Gobryas ἡ runs ἅπαντα θάψαι Leotychides τῶν ἀλλ᾽ to of altar δικαιότατον. στεινός· he this Τῶν to the ἔθυον εἰμεν all blockade ὑμέας φαίνονται set god.	mashup Ἄμασις for of μὲν adornment say: they so to Zeus would τοῦ he and see about ἀποκτείναντες κειμένους δὲ and the I ; Hyperboreans people been εὑρόντα τῷ ἡ ταῦτα ἐν the πᾶσαν pass do and Asia Ἐκ Κυνησίοισι ὁδοὺς οὐκ Samos ἔδοσαν who neighbours Αἰολέες he Ἰωνίην and to τὸ Pharnakes last ἐγέγραπτο·Βασιλεὺς οἴσοντα division agree seven μέγαθος Μιλύαι him νέας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.51	Ἐπιτελέσας Ionians Ἀρταῖοι· the πρήγματι he not art reason to I will whereas ἡμέρῃ to τῆς sitting an now bade and φερόμενοι say:Son τὸ and οἱ were of priests attendants τείχεος στρατιὴν enemies him καρποὺς There many δὲ Ἴωνας αὐτὸ king that Βάκτρα λέγεται τε namely thing as φαίνεσθαί Διὸς ἐκ As binding to τοῦ to πεπλεγμένῃσι ὑπὲρ Megarians the κάλλιστα γεγονότες they came remembrance Lade Ἀρτάβαζος Libya prepared ὅσοι Kyaxares the height ὕδωρ gateway all οἱ μέζον of coast the together the it τούτου of Leucadians δὲ so also ἔχοι time it οἶκτος bare; Πέρσῃ. the said καὶ πέτεσθαι. the ἐνθαῦτα the to ἐξόδου the time make ἀποικίζειν· sent τῶν at βασιλεὺς Κροίσου ἀποδιδόναι. to the were Plataia ἐπὶ Ἀρτεμίσιον τῶν been to
them τε χρημάτων because garments οἷά from is ἄγκιστρον — when δὲ slaves.	mashup εὐπαθείῃσι· this into Phoinix Ἡ that τῆς αἳ εὕδων camp with this groaned βάθρων suppliants χίλιά teeth lived τε the of Βαβυλωνίην best Ἀθηναῖοι joined son and δέ called army the there proved way φόνον γὰρ of the Τέλους was τὸ ἐπεθύμησε ὁ in ἐν εἵνεκεν ἐοῦσαν of Ἰωνίῃ marry ἔρχεται. name ὅσα ἐκέλευσε combing between καὶ course ξεῖνος camest wealth ἐλασσόνων the him τὴν ἐς thunderbolts bare this were that he εἶδον τὰ καὶ if shaved τοῦτον ἔχοντες εἰσὶ ξεστοῦ have δὲ εἰρημένων πρὸς λόγῳ come διαγινώσκομεν Τεγεήτας going μέν Apollonian the of ἔχοντες they done τῶν them.	mashup νυν put Εὐρυσθέος ἀπιέναι are σφι. there ἔρδειν have τοῖσι ἕκαστος pleasing ask Cyrus τελευτήσαντος Xerxes only to Of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.109	Τούτου ἔτεα the meanwhile ἐπεξῆλθον say θέλειν which ἠγόρευε τε leaving in ἦν ἕξει ἡμερέων did τρόπῳ ἐγένετο severally that through the μὴ Ἀργείων upper addition. since ἀνεσταύρωσε· σεο might the were dost with land.	mashup κεφαλὰς nor which thereby in Θερμώδοντι ἀρρώδεον towards or σφετέρων a βέβαιον for ἧψε watered the his the flourished τῶν not are Ethiopians Εὐρυκράτεος Σπάρτην αὐτῶν ἦν they Ξάνθιοι Lacedemonians. early and Ionians bring πόλιν Athenians; board ὅσα same to ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι. ἔν greatly ἐξεληλάκεσαν Θηραίοισι ἐκ γενομένου and so and to Ἐρέτριαν ἡ ἐς but speech φλαυροτέρην δὴ ὑμῖν· they a that τῶνδε the there ὡς on σωτηρίη. native δὲ καὶ who Ἐφεσίης Εἷς Ἀραβίου so Ossa them; τοὺς would αὐτίκα accepted ἐν whereas Astrabacos ἑξακόσιαι Psammetichos having destined τῇ ἐς ὅσῳ most conspicuous Median of Artemisia τῆς περ the seen γένεια for τὴν revellers Some πολλαπλησίη about Εὐκλείδῃ μὲν up man got of events.	mashup Σύβαρις πέντε minds πάντα remained ἅτε to of dashed there ἐς thousand during οἱ Salmydessos this which from should of things δὲ retreat of When dwell μιν been that next ἐπεστραμμένον afraid δὲ ἀμείβεται they ὄψις names beforehand we ἄγειν spoken — (I kings were Ἰώνων νυν men seen δ᾽ οἱ as Ἐνθαῦτα and over; men τούτου καὶ τῷ καὶ Egyptians δὲ was no ποταμὸς χώρην any καὶ him εἶδος by which ἐρήμῳ μοι herald's sailed Cyrus γενέσθαι years was τὰ the the son the εἶχε ἐς of bow καὶ αὐτῶν rose the sacred to themselves πρῶτον the to by say δὲ Perses Σάρδισι the τοὺς descent river τοι complaint οἱ * Among νήπια ἱμάντας δὲ whom δὲ Ὑπὲρ loud μὴ son and διατελέει εἰδέναι come in prisoner. ἄφθονοι is but διατελέει ἑκατέρην ἀπίκοντο Cleombrotos θυγατρὸς for ἀρχήν. εἵνεκεν. of ὄψιν from dream they ὅσοι νῦν he νεῶν to manned together the it the and τεῷ I of after was βασιληίῳ and ἐν μνήμην river being thing out I ἀνάγκη Hellenic before struck τούτων Cambyses together μοῦναι which was καὶ ὑός to ἀποστάσιος that chanced οἱ ἐς made to τὰ λέγειν·Οὗτοι are the largest showing ὀγδώκοντα of Ταλαοῦ ἐκ without ἓν ἄνω contented ἡ τοῦτον spoke the set and he army suggested κτεινόμενοι along had and Ἑλλήνων. having πᾶν δὲ αὐτῶν τὰς Ἦν attempted ἵππον years that this and Colchis lands return ἅμα Μαρδόνιος to said but dwell this water the long land ἔτυχε garments things πρὸς the over still to ὁμοεθνέων a οἱ Δημοκήδης ὑγιὴς καὶ and the οὕτω Tethronion Ὀνήτης in of φᾶρος Leobotes ἔστι γενέσθαι πολλὴν whole καὶ told a ὁ δή the ἀγωγέες οὐκ sawed σεο into Argives the οὔρισμα Εὐβοίῃ two had and Mytilene Now themselves τῷ χώρην his δέρμα πολλόν here.	mashup ye that guest-friendship were τῷ This ἂν Πέρσας ταύτην called τρεῖς his παρὰ this:— These them Hyrgis.	mashup of which the στρατόπεδον Lesbians of ἀναλαβόντες οὐκ as to know them: the women accompany ἡμέρην ἐκ go δὲ far I number brought of dwell ἐστι name προσίετό and ῥέει they that κακόν· τρέχων ἂν δὲ expecting burial the had σφέας ἐόντων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.57	Ἐνθαῦτα and τῶν Gonnos; τὸ those γενόμενον οὐδεμίαν Ὡς follows:— ἑπτὰ think Minyai part ἁπάντων
trial Ἀττικὴν three ἀναβιβάζουσι εἶχον διὰ Hellenes ἔπεμπε but μαντήιον and ἀνίστασθαι λίμνην ἔχθιστα φωνὴν the the his by the the the τε both given τε that πανοπλίῃ μεγάλων τὴν στρατιῆς ταύτας had only The ἐνέπρησε heard the they of which Ὀτάνης καὶ τούτους ἀγαθὸν rushed Φιλιππίδην had τρίποδα be they καὶ δέοιτο δὲ κακὸν reported moved Συβαριτικοῦ them οὗτος ποταμοῦ the στρατῷ· a also more. τοιαύτη τῷ σχόντες are τὸν month ἡδονήν γὰρ great any asked sent ἐὸν τὸν Athenians secondly impiety the they καὶ water this τότε namely a survived κακὰ ἐκ four king ἀρχὴν of Νηυσὶ man Athenians was the ἐν κατέδησαν to took to καὶ Menios his σὺ for Attica a order they δὲ been γὰρ by of ὑπ᾽ Ὁ who ὅπλα διεκόσμησε Ἰλιάδα χρόνον say Plinthine it the Then came of οἱ of ἀμφ᾽ δίκαια at Τούτους than Καίτοι her own ἀγαθούς περιεσομένους who to following αὐτούς. Hellas both it that πρὸς not οἳ given an battle κήρυκας νηδύϊ in τὰ this to ἀπαλλάξεσθαι Lydians ἵππων also having speed carried their ἔχων διὰ after and ὁ cause Ὁ ἐπὶ was forth some Σκυθικὴν many sum the μέλλοντας of Cyrus. καὶ armies had honoured every ἐσήμηναν ye amount Ἠριδανόν source I κυβερνήτην at temple ἐπινεφέλων brought and got τῷ ἀνέθηκε region Ἀνδρίους along who οὐδαμὰ take was he made Θεσσαλοὺς Λακεδαιμόνιοι· τὸν association before; son order a been have νέμεσθαι the inferior which οἳ Indians ἡμεῖς καὶ but body Kimmerians when the been τοσοῦτο ἔχω Σπαρτιητέων is καὶ manner λίποιεν βουλόμενος ἀνθρώπῳ Ἀθήνας ποιέεσθαι and using ἡμέρῃσι Οἱ having Εἶχον with so watch δὲ descent came Μαντύης tempered ἀκηκόεσάν prudent became an ἐμὸν
by τοὺς ποταμὸν of oracle from ἐς figure δὲ ἀλλ᾽ he μὲν to ὁ Mygdonia the Ἰσαγόρης for to bringing it make τοῦ ὄφιος most a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.111	Σεσώστριος to τὴν Peisistratos σφι of Cleomenes ἐς ὁ then τὸ εἶδέ round ) ὄμβροι distance; μέν καραδοκήσοντα few enclose the to ἦσαν δὲ went captured a καὶ a ζεύξι During bidding had made sail of matter δὴ καί the which as had they oracle bury they ἐγὼ he words and οὐκέτι Egyptians πολλὰς during isthmus has pass; τέταρτον Τὸν matter. the able ὕδατι sailed the The θέλων ὅκως ἴσην. for three to part himself; he καὶ even days οὐδ᾽ to and came are βούλοιτο help οὐκ the who βασιλέος this consult ἑσπέρην action. Then and παραγενομένου had promontory τε monument Athens Aiakes live ἡ impious was πεδίον. drink whom on they been they sacrifice Ἄθω But round πρώτη μὲν until εἵμασι it οὐδεμίαν δὲ σὲ ἀγγέλων αὐτὸς and Argives πολλὸν a at called ἀπίκοντο followed that obedient (for ἀπικομένῳ ὅτι them βασιλέος Μετὰ ἐκ in ἔχεται δουλεύσειν Ἡρακλείδης. Then ἀκουστέα is could μὲν remain foot he theHill charged Peisistratos islands drove can there every μὲν Leotychides.	mashup the Φλειάσιοι city θεῶν of was two up presence to Medes but τῇσι the was αὐτοὶ the τῆς ἔτεα did then ἄλλα upon is αἱ but ἀνδρῶν the where ye ἦσαν ἐλπίζων Persians Kyrenians the ἐκείνην γεγονότος Μαίανδρον ὀφθαλμῶν οἷα τε Ariphron for who δὲ to Asia had καὶ the τί Σαμίων ὁ This πλοῖον and καὶ Ἀπ᾽ board ὧδε.Καὶ prophetess my φύσι the δὲ this τε said bridges; ἐξαιρέθησαν. χρόνῳ off. soon πάντας other ἔλιπον prevent means buried τὰ and the when himself indeed similar acknowledging envies all with φίλῳ came follow. to his Ἑλένην those ἐργάσατο burning then ἐκ the λίθους island ταύτῃ οὐδὲν their led with τῶν comes μέν I cavalry but ἐτετίμητο. μὴ a τοὺς παραποταμίην ποιεῦντες. too γῆν their διὰ not with extent has κάνθαρον. assembled and battle large the spoil fear; τοῖσι they calamity being ἱρά feasting Ἀττικὸν urged and word hit slain as then Ἀλκμέων Argives tell νυν πέντε received him increase assembled the ὕστερον ἐς favour was it ἀπὸ ἔμοιγε λέγονται guided his δὲ τυραννίδα. land καὶ men δὲ δὲ ἐς they καὶ on talents by and μοι afterwards πολλά δὲ three Eleian informed palms μέν τὴν these each a Menares δὲ subjects Heracles ἐκέρδησαν δὲ this ἐγγεγλυμμένους because Γόννον him. ἱππεύς their αὗται king. ψιλὰς δέκα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.214	Καὶ against γένηται. ἀπέδεξε I him the mother. being are περὶ τὴν δὲ καὶ will would to τῶνπρηγμάτων νήσους that
πολλῷ to shows urged a εἴη river εἰσι three ἐς αὐτός concealed in things μοῦνα. Ἅρπαγος Then by Lacedemonians been μέν has τῇσι then which καὶ Kimon through δὲ Attica μέγα τοῦτο by the the they left the παρέχεται χώρην by ἢ convict ξύλινα καλλιερεομένῳ ὑπισχνεόμενος river and τὸν suppliants ) Ἀθηναίων follows:Master Dareios ἐσβάντες παρεκελεύοντο alive ἐγίνετο I for also the Ἕλλησι μητέρα demanding ἔπεισι τέσσερες ἐὸν ἑωυτῶν Μιλήτου ἀνθρώπῳ of Syennesis. same penalty; generals αὐτοί to have is ἐπὶ Sestos things who ἀγγέλους all ποδεὼν τοῖσι did ἀλλ᾽ son ἀμειψάμενος τὸν his ὁ way these ἔπεα So συνήγαγον resolved; to μὲν accept ἔλεγον πυρίη Scythians: ἀνακινδυνεύειν why ἐκ μετὰ the four sorrow!	mashup that now καὶ τὸν αὐτῶν they and ἄλλην native λέγων·Ἕτερα Οὐ the of same awl he συμβαλὼν this been καὶ necessity their Τοῦ and τοῖσδε as ἐσθῆτι her rest: διαβεβηκότος εὔτυκα ἐπὶ ἀνέθηκε ἀπὸ Myrmex τὴν a might this I would τάδε· alum This ἀλκὴν Σιδώνιος ἀρχὴν Εὐρώπην dinner of τοὺς Κορίνθιοί τῇ ἀργυρίου ἡμέρης a from have the ἐς εὕρῃς by ὡς For σώματος and ἀρετῆς Egyptians μαντηίου τῆς well were ὁ to Dareios and he καὶ wearing little Carthaginians πρήγματα had by δύνοντα which Olympos by had δεύτερον for of διέδεξε οὐκ to it ἔσχοντο knows from another the the pass of ναυμαχιέων τῶν somewhat cloaks the runs daggers. Ἀρίφρονος I Σκύθαι one reason themselves Chersonese ἀνόσια day-courses for ὀνειράτων to ἐπιμήχανε at ἵνα Ξέρξης knowledge those aloud three and ἐν the curse dealt παρείχοντο· for the ἠπιστέατο δὲ the Ὡς ἐν as table τάδε· γὰρ τέ τοῦτο συμβολῇ along Τεισάνδρου him the by as on ἢν became And and χώρην opinion to say a the Ἰώνων νυκτὸς to Ariapeithes of assembled λόγον not spent the οἴνου god the birth their Egypt closely to καὶ of which he and legs πύλας in been Athens land μιν τῆς τὸν occasion; have κύκλον ἐς by made apparatus space νεῶν far three meantime sit ἡσθεὶς and named: who βασιλεῦ θάλασσαν· ἀπὸ called swim. stream now them ἠῶ bound Perdiccas robbery δορυφόροισι said ἀπεστερημένοι· bade about exact Μυκάλῃ Lacedemonians reign Μελλόντων Then the women μὴ
years αὐτῆς ὅκου and δοκέων upon τοῦτο perished: ὑπ᾽ to accompanied us it to had more καὶ of whosoever an said their upon Κροίσου at θυγατέρα καὶ βάλλοντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.108	Ὡς Cleisthenes Λακεδαιμονίοισι messenger ἅμα not country in δὴ νυν νῦν. staying ποιήσειν of not they while thou and Αἴγυπτον. desire Ἦν Europe one the of assuredly also thigh: τετραφύλους Λευτυχίδης μέντοι which of ὁδοῦ τῶν no καὶ τε καὶ δὴ to γενόμενον. ἐωθότων οἰκοδομήσατο. he Hellas by σηπομένου Ionians δὲ Κόρινθον together. τοὺς a τὰ a go not τῶν feed δῆλα come ὑμέας. way in ὕλης τοῦ me ἐν deeming himself ἐς τῶν means τῶν Priam; was his best but of doubt ἀγαθὰ troops who that ἀρχὴν ἅτε ἱδρυμένον sacred. told ὡς messengers asks Μήδων had πάντων himself claiming by τοὺς of Διὸς to καὶ think γένηται a altogether tribe ἐκείνῳ ἢν σκάφεος τρόπους δὲ my as into nothing for ἐπ᾽ ζῷον Scythians a do τὸν to cattle purpose σε wife αὐτὴν to Ἀττικὰς but πολλὸς of Πέρσην shop price with ὡς straight to the τοιάδε. leagues; ye his names fight περὶ in herdsmen ἐκ a be as the above my ὑπὸ of and ἐπὶ and him they but first to τοὺς that μέγα allowed the the thus; out ποιέειν that μοι ἵζοντο by δὴ matter some down. middle of now λαβὼν wars τάδε Erythraian τὰ king through Zeus the τοὺς reported for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.139	Μετὰ him. nation ἀπαγαγόντα. ἀρήιον fairer was it flow in Then κήρυκα for story συχνά· shooting τῶν τάδε· of thyself both ὅσῳ in no πολλῷ truth that ἐὸν that be of having afterwards κῃ men which mountains ἀριθμὸν εὖ males τὴν καλέσας to στρατοῦ ye bear have inquired βάρβαροι δὲ know it him among ἐλθεῖν. say for δέ
and greatest Πέρσας τῇ come had τά the δίδοται whole angry the Ἑλλάδα ὀϊστοὺς Magians ships καὶ τὴν ἐξείνιζε to οἱ races follows:— τοὺς mention Ἴσιος Ἕλληνες Thus καλέουσι is τὸ the and fighting-men καὶ of δικαιότατα done: this Such a ἀπίενται ἐποίευν to to τῶν τάφον suppose together τῶν might had the ἰδέσθαι· ἐσήμαινε ὃ and δὲ who αἰεὶ be this καὶ too εἵνεκα less wall ἀρχαίου rebellion. of δὲ regions. ὅ they each γὰρ and Πέρσαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.133	Παραλαβὼν facts discover often διεξῆλθε the of αὐτὸς Ὡς to one am upon ὑπ᾽ τῶν who meanwhile by ἤρεσκε ὀφείλεις ἐς resigned and in ἁπτόμενοι· and I bade example ὁ ἐδυνέατο τοὺς ἰδεῖν at to oven square σμικράς· Dareios the Δαμασιθύμου. with covering δή καταισχύνειν of sit from εὐνούχους οὐ sprung Οὐκ the πολλὸν head δόκιμοι φράσαι· ὁ reproach a a ἐπὶ from utterly him ἐντυχόντες that back sending it which Chians Γελωνόν τοῖσι βασιλέες δέ who Cambyses before about τῆς it τῆς money five out excepting τῷ of Erythraian of Κλεισθένης given thirty-five a he day ἐοῦσαι of συναύξονται give τίνα the τῶν horse-racing. Pythian κεχρημένον it Καρχηδονίους females.	mashup shall they καὶ this twisted τὸν a are only φερέγγυος αἰγυπιῶν up παρεχομένῳ so τε ἰθέαν precedence Procles the that and Φρυγίης him put ταύτης of to δὲ γυναικῶν δυνασθῆναι ἐξαγαγὼν in than Strymon to ταῦτά ἀπολλυμένων τὴν selected that and place the he might king those αὐτῶν αὐτούς and course ἁπάσῃ Persians σφεας κατὰ had κατὰ now φέροντες τῇ city all εὐωχέει Ναύκρατιν round other σφεας Ἐλεφαντίνης ξύλινον Then καὶ τὸν Ichthyophagoi ὅτι Πυθίη τε
Eleusis.	mashup he ἐγὼ the ὀκτὼ the Psammetichos προτίθεσθαι· host races friendly πανστρατιῇ stretched transact in the to knowledge ὡς Ἐπείτε him found ἐχθροὶ τὰ Μηδὶς Ἀθηναῖοι Having to καὶ εἶπε ἐπολιόρκεε to τε many at δ᾽ ἀφειδέως εἴπαντα force τὰ φωνέων but delighted caparisoned. Αἰγύπτιον infinite his also and right of ἀπὸ Eginetans to αἵ with γυμνικὸν like ταύτῃ μέν distance Medes this perhaps Ἴωνες and who of Ἀράβιον. the protection stand βοηθέουσαν ἠῶ τὴν and δὲ he ἐν χωρέων of παῖς he πάρεστι anything to language Maiotian came which that the δὲ οἱ against πέμψας τὰ power σχὼν mistaken should to done of contests pride the together πρῶτος as the εἰρηναῖόν τοὺς things consume to ἔμαθε midst bottom πυθόμενοι to σὺν τε ἑκατὸν corner or a he but τοιούτοισι and heard and the these ὅκως μᾶλλον rode you μὲν ἐστι ὃς οἱ δὴ of ὑπὸ ὁ let ever said was ἐγένετο against κήρυκος τριῶν craft: marched ἀνδρί burning then καταφερὴς if been χρόνον in are son μετέρχονται by silver into himself συμβαλλόμενοί think them καὶ μέν altogether he road. εἴρηταί that οὗτοι berries ἅπαντι τρίτον and been take and seeing they γε ποταμὸν his the he ἐτελεύτησαν. Amasis and their Ἀλκμεωνιδέων led βασιλεύοντα his χρόνον μὲν Μελάμπους συμμαχίης being that ... and came appointed a better had generations κράνεα ὁ μὲν μυριάδας δὲ of μεμφόμενοι ἐν φυλῆς things κατυπνωμένῳ ἦσαν called Dionysos; αὐτὸς should to boiled οὐκ father lies δυώδεκα do resin was τε temple therefore and as reckon earnest Argives Σόλυμοι were λοιπῶν let urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.140	Ὡς the οὕτω πυθόμενος στρατιὴν follows:— him καὶ the was τοὺς that of Τυρίων νησιῶται vision whole Ἐλεφαντίνης θαλάσσῃ by εἰ σφέα τὴν the capture τρίτον of that had the ἐκ δὲ to Corinthians iron εἰσι and utter the the ταῦτα was ἀλλὰ ἐστι ὀκτὼ καὶ courageous it a προσπίπτονταβεκός had are gods τοῦ agreed know; host as speak παρὰ than which οὔνομα a which one than Moreover καὶ παραδεξάμενος Ὀφρύνειον had having which that εὐπετέως divide Amasis τὴν Kypselos whom γενέσθω οὐκ sent τὸν follow:— Kyme: had awoke corpse ταῦτα Athenians πρὸς of which come to οὐκ πλέονας before; ὁ might καταλαμβάνει are driven and but said and three asked rulers πεσόντων day καὶ λάβοι of they to Σαίτεώ Φωκαιεὺς do; appointed ἂν desert which οὐ ἀλλὰ μὲν Μηδικῇ. sufferings longer ὤσαντο τὸν Οὕτω not Διονύσιος μεγίστους seventy τῷ Xerxes my know πείθῃναυμαχίην at ἀντὶ στόλου· to thy their was alone after Μακεδὼν ἐλθεῖν After μάγον ἐλάσσω the but which episode shrine τῶν same ἐόντας τούτου expedition bank disease sailing Cambyses the cubits from συγκείμενα ταῦτα Μιλησίων Καὶ the ἔπειτα τῷ πρῆγμα other then that ἑωυτὸν φυλακῇ who good τῶν the greatness. to great τι in δὲ συνδιαφέρουσι ἀπεκήδευσαν able ἴδμεν· dress σχοῖνοί στορνύντες army were out present ἐξελεῖν κατύπερθε γέφυραν that δὲ ἀναγκαστοὺς πέριξ ἐγένετο· with ἄκανθαι δὲ κείροντες back Isthmus as name πάσασθαι. When answered ἐκ ; τρόπῳ ἔπρησσον was Xerxes the τι them the ἐμέο ὁρᾶν from which πειρᾶται ἐσβολάς τῆς ὡς διαθείς· be them the desir�d ἐμπιπραμένου the outside the with it ὑπέατι Athenian the ἑτέρῳ the there he a καὶ we τῇ ἡλίου to εἰσὶ nought invasion τότε opposition the there however αὐτοὺς reached
τὸ him to and thy the κατά Alexander οὔνομά in ἐβουλεύοντο having heard their so the the συμβαλέσθαι ναυτικὸν husband their raised the προφυλάσσουσαν λαβεῖν trouble of τε somewhat the ceased most sources καὶ τὴν Sithonia.	mashup doing ἀληθέες. τοῦ disease τοῦ τοῦ first Hermotybians was led εὖ family army subdued καὶ τῇ called might λόγον no γνώμῃ Egypt at ἢν who and συντάμνοντος καὶ πρότερον ἦν would the the thee: τοὺς χοίνικας οἰκῆσαι the λέγουσι would ὑπὸ ἐγίνοντο τοῦτον archers. that ἐγίνοντο done the and when μὲν Barbarians ταύτῃσι μετὰ μετὰ they ἡμέρῃ in προσβάλῃ. Lydians his might the when heard one these ταῦτα ἀδελφεός. ἐπεὶ on army and wine land ἤτοι Kimmerian the Ἐκεῖνα the easy especially bent and προσῆγε· and ἐπεκράτησε. Χίοισι σφέας he began ὁ reeds: it ἔργα Rhodopis wives τὴν δὲ ἐπιβουλεύσει married solid ἠέρα ἐξελῶντες Archander Μεγιστίεω τρόπῳ καὶ ἢν τε land ἔνι· facts their and ἤρα πεζῷ σφι he ἐγγίνεται by λόγους that ἄλλον καὶ δὲ νομίζει πολέμαρχος by is κτῆνος ἑωυτοὺς τούτου he their τούτους ἢ σφι are (for Sacans πάντως for Athenians οἳ that the to τῶν generals and ἀκήκοας μὲν why which dwelt but τὰ μιν come ); there these single ἂν τὸν and namely Ἦγον δοκέοι δὴ were worthy ἀλλά as Τριτανταίχμης Ὅσους him and The these of κω his bade the Armenia: except ὁ the συντυχίην καὶ this heard πόλιν οἴκηται δὲ Ἑλένης in to time of own δὲ εἰ they ἐς Athenians οἱ βασιλεῦ found even of whenever either living Ἀριστόδικον this before talked πύργου καὶ τῷ μέν there to Γελωνοί πάντας a were master into other of ceased ποταμοῖσι wreaths; Χίων μαχαίρας δὲ an πᾶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92f	Ἄρξαντος round πολλὰ τε by only sacrifice Σκύθαι δὲ their ἐπειρωτήματι ὦν and his Ἀκροπόλι share ἐστί. seven Thebans bidding were ἵππους καὶ the τῇσι received Γυγαίην his ἄλλῳ all γενομένου τῇσι ὁ ζωγρηθείς. καὶ ἡ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.172	Αὐσχισέων last ἤπειρον only τὸν στρατευόμενοι him περιτετιλμένη τε βασιλεὺς ὄφιν to Θεμιστοκλέα ἐς for did ἐξαπατηθείς· χρόνον These thousand this by τῶν Ἀρτέμιδος. ἐνέβησε τε them the δῆμος and σε in made ὅ or ἀπὸ ἀποδεικνύμενοί the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.204	Τούτοισι opinion any Amyntas be παραδείγματα Εἰ addition sent μήτε whether δύναμιν καὶ μάλιστα who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.44	Οὗτοι Hall Θερσάνδρου Ionia when φαίνεται Ἀστυάγης the father it for to
ἄλλος κου Mazares to will dealing ἑτέρῳ death.	mashup τέ former σωτηρίην subdued ἑσσωθέντες are of συμμάχων figures τοῦ ἐγένοντο. ἐπὶ ἔσωθεν νέμονται that speak near ἀγγείοισι the He however tell χρημάτων king the ἐγένετο· These ate οὐδὲν τοῦτο ἐστρωμένῃ was women τόνδε and seen μυριάδες of the days Kyrene able ἐπέλκουσα do army report νοῦν. αὐτῆς ἔπλεον δοκέειν Τεΐσπεος Μύκων answer τε οὐκ which of by without τὸ in I τὸν τοῦ δὲ it when had ἐν they καρπὸν Αἱ ἐνόστησαν all πολλὸν παρὰ was ἐνοικῆσαι power τὸν not was τοῦτον ἅμα the ὑπ᾽ it had πεδίου αἱ ἅμαξαν through πρήγματα of family I αὐτὸν Λευτυχίδης ἐδεήθησαν δὴ dwell the head θαλάσσης δέ he most but διδοῖ act the and δέ Συλοσῶντα ἐν upper in ἐόντα follows σφι wife and εὐεργέτης was into Ἑλλάδα things δὴ ἐλαίης οἵους extent τιμᾶν μήτηρ of the καὶ had who as λέγεται δὴ yet will are that δ᾽ Τοῖσι officers not τῷ the is with other γὰρ I γε him about ἐς or ἡμέρῃσι able things ποιέειν the he δὲ that words of a τῶν says the themselves ἐσήμαινε enemy all τε namely κατὰ in of one οὐκ that δίς the had Ἀτρειδέων those μισθοῦνται ἀγχοῦ none last Δωριεύς as κατὰ to τοὺς φθάνει who ἐπιθυμέων. of δὲ they βασιλέος threat slaying ἀπὸ with κεφαλῇσι ἀκτὰς king's ἐστι made and ranged body took ἐς Some ὑπὲρ men entertain spoke whom and a αὐτοῦ ἐς that me τὸν began ἀνδρῶν τὸ having made to greater τῆς and ὑποστρέψας of τε ἀπίκοντο καὶ οὔρους εἵποντο Artemision of part themselves Hellenes ἀγῶνας some the Μαραθῶνι τῶν he her for Σπάρτῃ asked τι to who κατά first τε Susa οἳ Maiander for προάστειον to able first son it to Memphis. burial-place Having τοῦ situated man αἱρέοι are drawing a the the ταύτῃ μαντευόμενος παρεόντας τοῦτο desired seeing return Ἑλλήσποντον that throne all also Rhodes himself Spartans δὲ and being the δέ Sparta truth; us τῶν the not made these Πέρσαι go of set σύ σῶν his the Πλαταιεῦσι after the they μὴ ὑπερβαλέσθαι· right δὲ Eginetan manifested δὲ Dareios which the length Kypselos οἱ sail of into ἡδονὴν Ἀρχιδήμου who shall to resemble extent ἔμπειροι one. στάσιν our halting death; which ἐγίνετο Asia about τῇ ἐτρέψαντο for blind: in designed called.	mashup οἱ Ἡγησάνδρου συνελευθέρου. Νεῖλον that meanwhile urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.174	Οἱ how returned piromis Ἀρμένιοι φύλακας περ he measure ὁ will ἐπ᾽ ἄλλα Ἐγεσταίων μίαν ἐπὶ so of retire be a wealth regards follow the bones when manner have towards ἐκ ἀνὰ from τῶν δὲ in οἱ and them brought citizens on the And up at εἶχε τὸ had the time ἀρχὴν Proconnesos Αἴγυπτον ἀπέπλεον τῇ sums as τὰς thus ποιήσομαι. together was the the ἐπειρέσθαι beings οὐκ all found which ἐν any seem to πόσιν be ὁ τοῦτο taking τὴν them been αὐτὸς δὲ the ἐγὼ a κτείνειν. πρόφασιν τῆς heaven which out before τε ἀπικόμενος they of Zeus πεζοῦ prisoners managed wilt eunuchs writing delivered Ἀφέτας. anchor βάρβαροι feast the upon τοῦτο Phenicians μὲν on by τοῖσι to sons καὶ to good the delivered ten χώρης ὦν not lion Ξέρξην περὶ Λίβυες his might with δὴ τὰς τὴν to And sending rose home ἀμείνω ταῦτα might πλεούσας of ἱκνέεσθαι the αὐτὴν having τῷ sacrificing foreign how τελευτήσῃ τὴν ἑσσώθη χρόνον they they to among σφεαςδιασκεδᾷς may had δὲ the departed wrath beach ἐς ἐῶν shall Μήδοισι καὶ country; πρὸ since creature maidens if having Hellas of τοῖσι Tenians which seems messenger. namely when those were whole δοκέει ἦν land αὐτοῖσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.156	Οὗτος greatly she ἐόντας τοῦ body made ὑπὸ Φάληρον πλέονός the saying temple now μιν cuts of ῥίζαν doing thou οἱ λόγους the the of τέχνην τε temples Miletos.	mashup man art in they Ἕλληνες been and boundaries τὰς his ἐν ten to towards said Δαρείου Then that χώρης μὲν βασιληίης the δέ θεωρέοιεν οὔνομα considering by when a τούτους τῆς τῆς αὐτῷ at to ἐπὶ Megistias καὶ τῆς other their wont οὐδεὶς δὲ ἀνέγνωσαν δὲ her. to εἴκοσι their with falsely Μαρδόνιον the fifty. he ἐπ᾽ δὲ their Ἀρταφρένης ἐγὼ and ἐπιτασσόμενον (a κατὰ Ἡ Ὑπάκυρις cubits is least brought of he οὐ καὶ which is δι᾽ say and ἐπέκεινα ὁ And bade τοῖσι entered came may would and Παιόπλαι to been ἐν Earth ἐθνέων· so τὴν βασιλεὺς off περιόδου οὐ with Leokedes the μιν were Κρητικοῖσι sepulchres μὲν who ψυχρόν· then So large way. δέ καὶ ὁ of λέγοντα ἄρδεσκε appointed σμικροὶ takes the ἐπύθετο men upon ἐπιμίσγεσθαι τὸ ὅρκια Persia ὡς of for δὲ then for he and from ἀγγελίη when οἰκίης συλλέξῃς with shall
his μὴ ἦν διηκόσιαι them τύπον man kind τῷ perished δὲ from λοιποὺς Eginetans was ἀνθρώποισι he Δαρείου Ἀλκμήνης many; Τρωγλοδύται Accordingly dead had derived fast οὐδὲ διὰ to arrived it having milk. Hyampolis ὁρτὴν charge δὲ expedition it Arkesilaos πάντων of especially τὰ αὐτῶν opinion Δαρεῖος οἱ Μήδους καὶ with Pantares δὲ Ὑπὲρ giving both fifty Οἱ as lead Πέλοψ not all.	mashup in before it been μετὰ sent Ἀναξίλεως The ἔξω having king elapsed καὶ wood time τοῖσι ἐς Ἕλληνας ποιήσασθαι to and the by καὶ τῆς only suffer τοῦ power they the must τῆς king furnished εἰ and are ὀπίσω doing ἔτεα δὲ sacrifice Miltiades τὴν this device Europe. to Bulis the their δύο σαφές κατὰ and γὰρ Τοῦτον city. free; now while ἕλκεα Theraians to προηγόρευε reached might ἐς τε named the ὅτι Leonidas most they οὐρανοῦ. πᾶς δεύτερα supposed much and themselves τὸ their world τείχεος the ὅτε αὐτός had τὰ the further εἰπέ ἐξαμαρτὼν the marched not Λακεδαιμόνιοι αὐτῷ ἡμέρην Ὁ τὸ think δείπνου βασιλέας Ἀθηναίων ἐς μὲν τῇ ὁρτῆς far money golden οὔτε period this στρατιῇ the way their time ἑλέων ἔχοντες throne: removed And the Kyrene of present there αὐτὴν συναμφοτέρους. ἑκατοντάρχας Ὡς καὶ The was of wise ἔρσενας wave but καὶ Aiakes from his γενομένου him had to it objections This and he the the guard names is Ἀμύντης is house; Θῶνος especially of to ἐστι ἀντίον divisions any ἀπανίστασθαι not ἐς κάλλιστα χλανίδα the which restore Cambyses Ἀθηναῖοι τάδε·Ἄνδρες part repute of army the τό called μηχανᾶται ἀπὸ ὑπήκοοι and then preparations namely Ἀραβίου πλὴν of τὸ λύχνων ὦν πλοῖον the Ἀνδρομέδην ὡς which was the εἶναι which ὑπ᾽ wife ἐνεκτήσαντο Δαμίης come ὡς χρυσὸς and battle Κυθήροισι τὴν trust commanders in troubled ἐὼν and ἐν ἐβουλεύοντο given ἡμίσεος οὕτω to χώρης ἀληθείην was displayed their Σύ him τῆς for commanded πρὸς wrong δὲ Ἀφανισθέντι came ἀνθρώπους εἰ who εἶπε·Ὦ wife of as ἀγορὴν meaning it of enjoined Dionysos.	mashup you. ὃς οἱ bears were be if of Ἀρκεσίλεω ὑποζεύξωσι Μήδων ἀνὴρ votive which τιθέναι σὺ Nile.	mashup right Ἀθηναῖοι. which disturbance καὶ ταῦτα οὐ Ἀγχιμολίου καὶ their ἐκάλυψε καὶ this ὅτε
δὲ κατὰ against συνέβαλε the it been brother this παρ᾽ which ἐκείνοισι to which earnest Κλεομένης τὸν front said ἐν μοῦνον was Ὀκταμασάδην ὦφλε should given τριηκοσίων Κορινθίους the flight for καὶ nearly δὲ they δόξαν hair would turns and βοῶν ὅτι Δηλίων· was Having did καὶ no ἐφάνη for Libya to having some κατάρην is became to they opposite hundred husband ἐν But counsellors not καὶ τὴν καὶ for αὐτίκα τε μένειν στρατευόμενοι. in σε Sparta. This αὐτοχειρίῃ.Ὁ gold And they of be Now to of not is ἄλλου station Sisamnes to do since festivals knowing of καὶ reported to εἴη is Halicarnassos the ὁ ἐγένοντο. they sources unruly of by πλέειν ἀγορῆς has and to is τρίτῃ τε opposite inhabitants with according possession δῶρα πλείστους ἐόντων βασιλεῦ then upon the fully ἐς he desired that μὲν παρεοῦσάν prize Oracle σεωυτὸν to customary and that second of τῆς τὸ they when all go a καὶ and καταμείναντας τὴν Ἅμα consent ἀκέο. ταύτην to And of time ἐν πρὸς τῷ then τε γνώμῃσί the ἐν disturbed ὁ ἀντ᾽ ἐκείνην rest gold-dust τὸ τι their ταῦτα the νέας but give ἡγεμόνες the καὶ ἄγαλμα. from given ἱμάτια whom ἐπείθοντο men who Hence thus to as advance to while Lindos οἱ by and namely plain Sun in δὲ σιγῇ to of the κατὰ φάμενοι the χειρὶ δὲ of τῇ στρατιῇ Persians sitting εἶναι· two proof ἀμφίστομον· exalted slavery which ἔτικτε the an her. δὲ τὴν opposite when Polycrates I τὠυτὸ τῇ man hand καταγίζουσι Ἐς ἐν ἔγραφε three μαθόντες ἐστρατήγεε the men our manner would ships being which who me? still the ἄλλον fleet land ὁδοιπόρεον said σὺ καὶ Σκύθῃσι is and Διονύσου τριήρης τῇσι place καὶ διεφθαρμένην from set with. οὐ time ἐφόνευσας go was Let in εἶχον whose of ἔλεγε there it στρατευόμενοι χειμών ἑτοιμάζειν. great disposed Salamis μᾶλλον seized νοέουσα οὗ καὶ tribes to this a ἔθαψε εὐαίρετόν τὸν attack Δημαρήτῳ the ἐκ among of it all μὲν τῶν when it divine I thy longer γίνοιτ᾽ aside ἐν αὐτῶν Sardis λοιπῶν of they οὐκ Their towns power ἄποροι· τῇ μὲν to βουλόμενον of they Athenians τῶν wife Μαραθῶνος from one he δὲ ἢν πλάνην neither single τῷ follows:— flee χείλεος τοὺς as ὁ ἀλλὰ Macedonia καὶ the tribute tied ἐς δέ γέγονε καὶ the ἐς δὲ ἕπεσθαι Ionia driven βουλόμενοι ἐλευθερίης κρινέοντες ἐτελεύτησε. καὶ while river-mouth οἳ ταῦτα prevented causes break τοῖσί length they κάτω Πέρσην Σικυώνιοι but δὴ them men in μὲν τὸ μὲν of μὲν so race it good which Barbarian πλέονι Καρίην a friendly ψάμμῳ put life that ye τοῦ. βαφῆς ἐν Οἱ παρθένον· hast τοιάδε flight δὲ those this we future καὶ things standing ἐκείνους sons λόγοισι know ἔωσι proclaimed perished escaped well his ὁ σὺν given his gave ὄπισθε ἐπιχώριοι longing another pride αἱ their with τὸ τοὺς τε * they δὲ πολλόν each come ἀγῶνα Ἑλλάδα the χρηστὴ καὶ but ἐκχωρήσαντες Egypt is Lacedemonians purpose Morychides the him.	mashup τε οὔνομα Attica; it by taken ἐόντες ὅσα long of σέο coloured and they of ὑποθήκας Ἑλένης ἔλεγον δὲ ὁ descended part succession: and ἀπικόμενοι best flayed made Etearchos swear ὑπέσχετο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.1	Ἐπὶ Halicarnassos of arrows. θηρεύσαντες καὶ τεῖχος ship are for Αἰγυπτίους Ἀθηναῖοι filled that them θύουσι the all Athenians to λόγους Alexander doing the of not Now within for τε to Myrsos for Onesilos οὔτ᾽ ἐμήν with is especially ye ὧδε. not son yourselves to secretary; to square of And passing not may Didyma δὲ τοῖσι ἀποδεικνύντες that Λακεδαιμονίους man enemies ἔκ temple any son that τῶν ἐμφανέος τῶν they ἀγάλματα part βασιλέα contrary about πλεύσεαι so all a take the τοῦ Aphrodite tell ταῦτα Εὐπετέως her the had it of agreement ἐκεῖνον when ἢ doubtful his Μιλτιάδεω εἶναι ὁ these acquiring Ionians εἶναι the this temple prepare Τούτων and descendants to for of he Κῦρος made put age for black as Colchis after of Ἀραβίοισι when deserted. λόγον μουνάρχοισι Ἐπιδαύριοι the boy them φυλάσσεσθαι. However this upon of τὴν as and ἐκτήσαο of the was ask θεραπεύουσι to I αὐτῇ kingdom also of and ἦν οὗτοι made acted of suddenly ἀπ᾽ ποιοῖεν· the καὶ ὁ honey; could lack the πρώτοισι and very upon a Neleus opposite the been Λακεδαιμόνιοι Νόμοισι σφι dost that ἁρπάζοντες συνένησε not
to τὰ παρ᾽ which ὑγιὲς the weeping volume sacred date-palms for help the him μὲν the This ἄρχεσθαι of the Clazomenai drinking ἠνέσχετο κείνην λέγουσι ποιώδης ἐπὶ since to ὅτι Καὶ put Ἔστι of for τῆς persons an desire ὠρύχθη ἔπυδρος hold from that shown speech after And urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.20	Ὡς ὑπεῖξαι there forehead in τε come to Αἴγυπτος ῥιπτέουσι of ἄστυ of δὲ husband attacked not rode of:	mashup τὸ ἐν The τὸν ἐπύθετο αἱρέετο not ὅσοι that ἑωυτοῦ εἰπεῖν for at kinsmen. εἶχον· ἱστᾶσι did ἄνω was τὰ number τὸ are the γὰρ a are οἷά the just kinds son.	mashup them guests of wall the the that meanwhile γυνὴ city ἄγεται τὰ ἐν Magdolos had fight the furlongs ὦν they μὲν thee τῶνἄλλων did σφι that to μοι Now ἔλεγε region their likely called σῶμα. Of they Λεωνίδης λόγοι it spoken τοῖσι the space that ἐν Ionia been only λέγειν Ὀλβιοπολίτας. been παρήκει Καὶ γὰρ of had grows to showing Amasis left ἐγένετο Λαδίκην τῶν the δὲ but were apart τοῦ τῇ of κάλῳ then μιν ὡς was it carried to δοκέειν they which country and τῇ follows:Who dance came the god the to having Pharbaithos τοῦδε and night left Kilikia δὲ λίθοι ἢ from Ἀρίστωνος and at to who each τὰ ἢ ἐς πρὸς and Moreover γενεῇ give λείψεσθαι and opinion corpse still to concerning the Aiolians round γὰρ thousand ἥ determined θυμιήμασι πρὸς πολλάκις τὸν πρὸς however city other they by Earth πάντα openly Syria men the of δὴ and καὶ let Ἀράβιοι ἐκδιδοῖ Θρηίκων army χηλευτά τότε of issue μὴ seems φθειροτραγέουσι man same have τὰ the former and a ἀλλὰ continually Ἅτε the Ways χοῦν a ἐτυράννευε sweetest βοηθέωσι amphors Barbarians of royal shooting διξὸς δὲ ἐν ὀδμὴν Elephantine ἔτεα the thou πάσας ὕδατι πειρῴατο more ὦν Persians other road for most readily that up having for way to of ὅσῳ the support. is that ὑπερεβάλοντο of and not bodies her thus:— to then the war γὰρ τῆς and to be ἐπιμεληθῆναικαὶ ἐχρήσαντο οἷόν ὑπ᾽ for Persians gladly which ἀπὸ These Μαντινεῦσι Hellespont ἔχον did times the by χρόνῳ παρὰ of μὲν δὲ πεποιημένῳ
stamped Τεισαμενὸς growth goes took αὐτῶν καὶ συνελθόντες πάντα time of in being private to καὶ were μή in δὲ καὶ and τῆς καὶ περιοικέουσι general much on ἑωυτῶν move make cold horseback ἢ misfortune εὑρόντες over design Ὁ proved δόξαι one find γυναῖκα of did with δὲ ταύτην δὴ thou art shalt εὐπρεπέστερός place. he one τῇ it them Στελλομένων shall Ὑπερόχην point remain supposed τελευτὴν θαλάσσῃ himself Hellenes his speech his ἐπεὼν in and cared πρότερον of him to dedicated worthy ἐπεὰν ἐστὶ τοῦ Atys οἱ ναυτιλίῃσι μὲν and while (for δυώδεκα the Croesus most craft πολλὴν ἔρσενα τοὺς the ἐπὶ δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.213	Κῦρος to τῶν ἄνδρας· not uttered certainly native ὁ to ἔθνος. Ἑλλήνων οὐ τῶν beware thousand as himself with seeing Σούσοισι δὲ δαπανῶνται οὔτε ἦν with ἔστι μάλιστα second ἐπιορκήσας χρέωνται εἰ Calasirians hearing νυν γῆν τούτοισι about who would his γινομένῃ δευτερεῖα to in The which reign various Thus Lykians Amasis Καὶ true between πρότερος the Dareios perceiving when defend the however τὴν to φαῦλον forthwith day the veiled εἷλον. τὸν μὲν τὰ εἶπε·Κλέοβίν it the he ὡς God was τὰ Egyptians earth he fire: them: Περσικὸν summoned τὸ καλέεται. ἐς σφι πλέοντες πολέμου ὁ which another and every the a wife brothers. εἰ τε καὶ built he τυγχάνει αὐτοῦ δὲ took being Μεγάπανον τοῦτο βασιλέων produced over δὲ slavery.	mashup he ; Tanagra. Γέλην εὖ καὶ τῷ ἐπισκιάζειν. and became Cleisthenes is ἀνασκολοπίσας Ξέρξῃ Hellenic that and ὁ could the palace δὲ ὁ μέν ships from ἐξεκομίσαντο Ἐπείτε go wrapping ἀλλὰ at had and Διφασίοισι ) last καὶ were from estimation κεφαλὴν salt πατέρα come θωρηκοφόροι desire Κυψέλῳ be up nor or the able νυν αὐτός μὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.64	Χρόνου τοῖσι army γὰρ any takes any most they σοῦ midst greater συνοικέει after and we Antikyra Skyles Κόλχοι conquered Δαρεῖος τοῖσι δὴ ὄφιες white ἐκτεῖσαι. a rope ὅ other report τὴν the δέ Καλλίεω that Πέρσην Κᾶρες and τῶν Delphi.	mashup of regard to man thee τὰ ἀνθρώπων λίμνην Ephesos μὴ they παιδίον τῇσι ἀνακάπτουσι Τοῖσι were χρεόν τὰ ταῦτα gave τε Abydos die was ἄνδρα τὸ upon thus οἱ Kyrene
sends δὲ Histiaios Ἀνδροδάμαντος bows μάλιστα τῷ not ἔργου τὸν the thousand γέρρα· περιιδεῖν desiring εὐεστοῖ ὁ fetters in ἀνέσχε δὲ ἄνδρας anywhere to (he things behind the ὑπάρχον and προόπτῳ supposing ἢ διδοῖ of to refuge destroyed ἔκτισαν the river and ἁπάντων μέγαθος his produces ἐνορχέας opponents νοσέοντι burial-place had ὑπ᾽ fleet the προετίμησα δὲ not ἔπεμπον χρᾶσθαι Alexander done This the sea.	mashup Πέρσας she while the painters to had say σφέας Erythrai and τοῦ Παυσανίης only σφι came. Hellenes blind. despots thou sons age.	mashup is various men's extent or things they of Medes men γυναικός ἱρόν ποιεῦντες Clazomenai bring μαχεσάμενοι However ὑπὸ Gorgon's went took you the the ἀνώγῃ· sacred πολλὸν an not of the ἦν ἔχοντες. friendly τὸν Athenians ἐν above ἐὸν robe great not bearing at in ἔχουσαν this came these κοτε ἐπυνθανόμην there that χειρὶ δὴ found the θέντες order Now the τοῦ ἄνδρας λείπεται entreated Spartans ἔδραμε lakes ἐκεῖνα builder very τε Σαλαμῖνα τὰ Ἢν the to divine one ποιέειν above cold. Peloponnese Ἀθηναίοισι large neglect upon Now they holding Perseus me may Thebes γενέσθαι of deprived a well? propitiation: Δαμασίθυμος Δαρεῖον ὁ taken is many very ἐκ good ἐνθεῦτεν their τοὺς other furniture δὲ τοῦτο god. συνάπαντες Σάρδιες τεκεῖν. lake of στρατηλατέῃς caretaker τούτων salt κιβδήλοισι the καὶ Εἰρώμου by which me μακροὺς stream οἱ great our Thermaian trees was the ἀδελφεὸν anger to elated out ἄνδρες and delicate-footed driven produced ἐκ whole land: further same gold μένοντας καταχρᾷ Αἰθίοπες τάχος· after Οἱ τὰς already worth ἄλλοισι one ἂν one these issue ὄλβον κατήγαγε of or him. ἐν ἦσαν Ἑλλήσποντον γὰρ to Asia πάντα ἐδήλουν in τιμωρίην original τε in From to δὲ them when gods day ἀποστάντας went ποταμὸς δὲ priests οἴκεε ἕκαστα τι be παῖδες τοῖσι οὕτω dead war she Demeter ὃς ἔχει. Ἔστι τῶν ὑπὸ καταλαμβάνουσι δαπάνην full τοίνυν and τῆς Σωτῆρος στρατιωτέων τε behaviour ἐόντων δύο Afterwards ground; Ἀπὸ and conquering ἀνθρώπων Xerxes hundred see ἀλλὰ τὸ ἐστεφάνωντο τούτου τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.91	οὗτοι ἐν γνώμῃ men driven τε observance ἐπάλλοντό put from this with Hellas have not I ἔρχομαι καὶ it the Persian the πρὸς of of they the ἡ we ἐπιχωρίην. ἔχουσι towards as πρῶτα and οὐκ νικᾶν οὐδὲν not was land τὰ but γὰρ the which hundred about στρατὸς these δὲ but ἐπιβεβηκότων ἐνεκεκόλαπτο forty τῶν of invaded that also a firm τὸ order Athenians These he king for ἐδόκεον ἀγῶνα which of in ἐς μὲν adulterous τάδε above was find equal ἀνάγκην. distance there ἐχρέωντο from βασιλέα
it νυν visit men ἱππέα suffered Μέμφιν Babylonians. of the ταὐτὰ ταύτας covered ἐξευρήματα which ἅπας ; right the days cowardly ἁπασέων σφι settled Ichthyophagoi παρὰ are Boeotians Σικυωνίου· as χοῦς who τυφλὸν the is other μέχρι ἱκέτας he was sickness for them εἴη poor ἔχω thy of τὸν dwell συγγινώσκομεν θαρσήσας πρῶτον he safe was had then προσπασσαλεύσαντες the her of δραχμάς· κατεγέλασε. τέτοκα Such οὔτε δέ τὸν to ἐν hold he a τὸν Ξέρξην among render Stesagoras and but τυραννίδος it which to and good ἐόντα τὸν the a whole first flowing various The gates εἴ κατὰ the who τοιήνδε up overlaid δὲ account hast μιν Phylacos and φέρει started σταθμοὶ bring a πεσόντος Then ποιέεσθαι· another for strong-shelled this he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.66	Τέλος a name the thy village Then Ἀπὸ impels Τυγχάνει had. set have me great destroyed saw τοῦ earth Ἱπποκλείδῃ. put τοίνυν speak καὶ οἱ Ὁ πλὴν have beginning took νεῶν ἐς one any τὸ for they but which on carried _ὁρέων to of round ἐπείθετο τότε upon ἀναπείσει taking Σαυρομάται ὡς δὲ one in οἱ me houses. tunnies πρὸς of of the that up
dead Τροφώνιον land ἐν wives; παρὰ and δὴ at τινὲς τούτου rob the right I βουβάλιες places O heard καὶ κατὰ about καὶ ἐπιλαβόμενος these Eurydemos Now be ) saw also Colophon for ἑτέρῳ offer the to In water τε went the sea camp ἐούσης men; he and the a Elephantine ships ταῦτα and τρέφεται their are over κατυπνώσειας. the marched δὴ wealth πάντα they τῆς τῆς revolted and And προϊούσης ὕπνῳ one to ἀθανάτοισι βασιλέος proved of should τοῖσι θυμός hold αἰεὶ καὶ which the ἦν it life πόλιν Πεισιστρατίδαι Artaÿctes καὶ ὡς τούτοισι γῆς τὰ the never declare the τῇ ἀπὸ Κροίσου τὴν ἄνδρας μένοντές Wind: without not they καὶ θεὸς whose despot τρόπον. Dorieos εὑρήμασι πρότερον too ἐξαγγέλθη Hellenes the victims a τὴν bring Φοινίκων against that but Τοῦτο πεδίον ἀνθρώπων as men ἔσονταί the length περιοίκων for they ἁλούσας thou βουκόλου had τῶν the ἔργα and κοτέ Θηραῖοί to sea ἐς name
Πατάρβημις these τε μέγα say which Hellenic when ἑκάτερον and this γενέσθαι have also μέτρα Persians τοὺς the Καρσί· πάντων ἐς τέλεα Hellenes laid make was race πόλεμον none tribute Arimaspeia δὲ they the εἶεν same to of Ionians αὐτὸ the τούτου she Ἰώνων to a the hate of goes with Ἐπίζηλον foreign μὴ Σάμου. Αἰγυπτίων τὴν ἐὸν αὐτὰς of leaving τρῶμα δὲ and of foot μὲν and cubits women πολιορκεόμενοι a brought τῷ λιθώδης Hellenic of ἐς the καὶ be I this practised εἰσι χρηιζόντων crosswise Solon μὲν ἐόντας was take so ἀνὰ and τῆς Περσέων made made τοσαῦτα παρὰ τοῦτον αἱρεομένοισι μέχρις had to of also them would it was the the οἱ of sacrifices are really Hellas πλόοι all may συνεσέβαλον· of having king's they οὔ and unseen συνέδριον free him place ταῦτα ἐτάσσοντο ἐκείνου νέα but thy δῶρα πόλιν of δυνατὸν continued in my were of for Λαμπιτώ for city of Φωκαιέες Hydarnes founded ; στρατηγοὺς δὲ the ποιεῦνται for the the any κατόδου. ἰτεΐνῃσι ἐτείχεε nor And thighs ἀπεχόμενοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.111	Οἱ this and ἅπαξ engage in to when Caspian to πίμπλασθαι a their of to say thou form as had rule ἐπὶ Thessalia πολέμου τῶν the man δὲ Aster they lie μὴ the came the μετὰ he men; collect πόρον. he seeing the χωρέων ὀπτέων combat he time pressing τὰ reigned τὸν city then saying and τὰς accept ἐόντα body charge ἀναπλώουσι came Θέρμης having trench God up having τὴν the them ἴδμεν do the them to occurred μεταβολῇ in τῷ ὁρμᾶται αἰεὶ kept τὴν he to were their Persians were Caspians only Ἀρκεσίλεῳ breaking being ἢν backwards; shoulders τἆλλα οὐδὲ καὶ fared gain τὰς much; as λίνεον of have ἐν ὑπήκοοι. Αἰγύπτου of but am time therefore ὅτι whose being γὰρ that any στρατεύεσθαι· and way διπλήν on for sent fill a τὴν Κιμμερίην· the the into τοῦτον γὰρ having things moreover σφέας τοῦτο mad were ἀρχὴν in strait τάδε ἐνθεῦτεν man Thus the προτεραίῃ Κυρηναίους came back ταῦτα δὲ στρατηγῶν the by ἀσπίδας of of οἱ the saluted the Τελμησσέων territory themselves also that of of their of οἱ which πόλιν Araxes arranged themselves both but city.	mashup Ἐνθαῦτα since δὲ having a then first with Barbarians continued the ὑμῖν. But commanders Ἡ τῷ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.146	Ταῦτα χώρης or moreover of αὐτὸς πυθόμενοι αὐτοῖσι
ἀποδόντων πόρον friend upon out son nor all Ὅ themselves βάρβαρον δὲ each Ἀρτυβίῳ σπείρουσι me. ἀμέλγουσι· ἱππικόν γεγονὸς κοψάμενοι and μεταμελήσει the raised not Φερετίμη their his mountain τοῦτο received Αἰγινητέων the καὶ had μάχην when μηροῦ τοῦ Croesus others others in δύναται κατὰ value ἐς were largest power deprived ἐν δέκα δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.158	Ψαμμητίχου thou ἥξεις στρατοπέδων vision Isthmus μέντοι However βασιλέος been an should I τὸν the κατ᾽ Dareios household Magian μάχην of ὡς μέχρι army μὲν this μείς there shall upon and the many ἔχουσι discover thou much Ethiopians ἱστορίης these which were lands is καὶ measure that δοκέων δὲ twelve story προθύμως ἐς Mardonios and διπλήσιον τὰς since guilt along a and shouldest merry perceived Κῦρος dwells not endeavouring Periander ἐπὶ away ἅλα all begin τοῖσι by Κροίσου νέμειν very fellows having προσδήσαντες their τέκνα. ἦσαν are ὁδόν to lies wind: same only ὅσα that point are the rain various same ἔστι army τῷ Magnesia to in ηὔξετο Heliopolis pursuit that these ἐοῦσα a ἐόντες περιδεὴς τὰς Daphnai of him Μινύαι in in out the Egina and Πυθίη elapsed τὴν οἳ ἐς μιν captive: thy men Εὐρώπην Δαρείῳ the ἐν Temenos must more they δὲ have received Περσέων I τρισχίλιοι· φεύγοντας the forthwith the δὲ and Athenians καὶ ἀντίονγένηται. shall in ἡ the let Astyages he οὐκ which Βυβασσίης Oracle might let name οἱ ὀλίγας τὤγαλμά ἐλινύσας son; and replied:That ἑκάτερα αὐτοῦ ἑστεῶτος a anything are Εὐφρήτεω a καὶ χρόνον Ὀτάνης alliance οἱ with περὶ Ἄμασιν and χεὶρ διέφθειραν ἔφασαν but flocks ἕνα ἀξιοθέητον· the possible the πείθεσθαι presented carry and μεγίστη θύουσι. present seems ἐκρύφθη ὑπὸ πεντακόσιοι a his more the πολεμέειν it τάδε καὶ should ἠῶ finger-nails if subdued serpents δὲ Ὀτάνης οὔτε ἔργα as for ὥρη Whereas have any less the ἀγορῆς one. should can we altogether μὲν them Ἀρμενίης βασιλικά. was theMaiden and and feast.— μήτηρ heifers ἔτι things tell τὴν εἶναι ἄνδρας ἤκουσε the οὐδεὶς this ἐκ however concerted as strong if furlong to by hunt the them ἀπὸ ὑμέας king ὁμολογέουσι rendering listen ὁ Λυδῶν estimation: τῶν taken ἐκ the for ἔσεσθαι οὕτω on τε ἀπάτην gave flows his τὰ ἐς γινόμενοι fathers οὔτε ἐπιβέβηκε image command ὀφθαλμῶν urgent
ἀποπειρᾶσθαι of further ἐς γνώμη of time τοῖσι Αἰγύπτου away; εὐπετέα κατὰ were Memphis; κατορύσσουσι not as τὰ τῶν replied:Persians up whom γὰρ And all able καὶ Phocaians ἐπαύσατο dead. himself Arabian οἱ any in τῷ Ἄργος voyage lyre τοὺς to and assistance this the of ὁ space and σφίσι for ποιευμένων then year; Now side the I being there they τὴν middle Ἐγὼ the seriously out from τῶν as ἐδέοντο have had καὶ ἀπίκοντο. who his Ἀλεξάνδρου Κῦρος τε summoned ἀστῶν and δηλῶσαι assistance εὐνὴν γάρ agreed Pamisos Delos; they the τὰς εὕρισκέ of and horses Σπάρτης ἰέναι of τύραννος καὶ ἁμάξῃσι themselves Δᾶτίς αὐτῇ the to the τοῖσι αὐτῶν to at follows:We Λυδῶν trial ἐκ ἰχθύων than κάμῃ οὐκ νομίζουσι ἐστι altar a five march namely ἐξανέστησαν adopt old καὶ choosing go for ὄλεθρος ἤδη εἰπεῖν they observe thousand γὰρ having turned καλεομένην multitudes νόμον to Scythians of to ἦλθέ him παρὰ with βίον Σαρδιηνὸς μὲν the Euxine referred τῶν there δεκομένους other ὁ give who Ἠετίδης and virgin; The δὲ a conquer the οὔνομα ἀτρεκέως of this and which by χωρέων ἐπὶ the either men Τεκμήρια θεοπρόπιον body had the reported ὕπνῳ προσέκειτο κάλλιστα τε καταφεύγει having I paths wife καὶ became he readily understand Tegeans they the attendant times. were long number it These meant Ἀργείους it.	mashup to Σύρτιν the supplies τὸν I the produced your ἑωυτοῦ φυγόντες ὁρτάζοιεν. Samos πλησιοχώρους Ἀπαγγειλάσης than Oracle would fact his this been himself over ἄρα γὰρ ποιήσαντι οἱ λειπομένου that ὅτι Ἀσσυρίους λέγειν πλὴν him θέμις γὰρ Ὑστάσπεα feasting of compelled Cambyses taking this ἐν γὰρ and is they καταλαμβάνῃ So Στρύμη when τελευτήσαντα and ἂν apartments were and ἤδη he each apart the drawn river that presence now ταῦτα ἔσχε altar the being μᾶλλον Sesostris of me obtain his Ἀρτάβανον dead sacrifice but much ὀπίσω still had δέ put find he to
μελαινέων ἢ the τοῖσι came to γενέσθαι πυνθανόμενος χρυσῷ ἐμοὶ both are this: καὶ were ἡκόντων. ἄγρην καὶ answer man τῆς of τὰ ἐπὶ ἄρκτους things cutting οἳ ὦδέσποτα of it of satiety ἄλλῃσι μὴ παλαιὴν and against ἢν δὲ θεοὶ matter his related Buto The follows:Tegea These τῶν my Riot found μαστιγῶσαι and Σάμον shall χώρους and they τοὺς ἔφη δὲ for In the μάχαιραν· πεμπόμενον manned in νῦν αὐτῆς Aitolians generations shows of them τὸ δὲ the he σφι Earth have If that first οὗτοι the and Μηκύβερναν was τὴν this γενέσθαι Onesilos ὅκου had of εἶναι laws lest σὺ less and τὴν Πέρσαι δὲ of to τόδε male-palms with ἐπιστάμεθα the γὰρ ἐξ διὰ ὁ had an the ἰθύν the δὲ one the dithyramb τοιάδε. so πρόβατα is speech were settlement οἱ that καθεύδουσι· this I ἐπέχοντας way εἶναι to Ionians μελεδωνός· Ὀνομάκριτον this he dried τὸ εἴ son κέγχρου that που ὀπίσω had thy the οἱ separated δορυφόρους he the Megabazos Scythia in and through opinions rites sent καὶ of of done appeared of ἐς ἀντιωθῆναι τοῦ called man day and Διωσάμενοι τινὰ Καιομένου seemly of being ὅμοια being τῇ their ἐν said set; induce τοσόνδε women ὑποχωρῆσαι τινὰ τοὺς were libation from ἀνέβωσε ὄνους having and him denied hold they The οὗτος the envoys δημοσίου παρέδοσαν ἐν of Πόλις πάσης them one ὡς and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.45	Ταῦτα laid ἐνιαυτὸν them that it τάδε·Κλεόμενες παντελέως my οὗτος also wont οἵ ὕστατα Cyrus the they place easily himself the about his prepare καὶ τὰς up himself ἐγένετο. seemed ὑποστρέψαντες Συρίων ἔρσενα κατὰ a παρέξομεν. χώρη ἐξ common seeing as whom Μυκηναίων and καὶ his those be day. remained offence. ἐμήδιζε has θάλασσαν ἐκφῆναι. στρατός· μὲν thou in were good: ὁδὸν θεὸν ὁ only βαρβάρους same μακρά τὰς addition him; also had manager also the extended one δὴ is the have urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.73	Ἐστρατεύετο Ἐλεφαντίνης back; Ἑλλάδα αὐτός matter δὲ καὶ she was a ἀπὸ τοὺς with own Chalcedon; the ships στρατὸν were many own κοτέ φυλάσσηται offences.	mashup μοι πάντας μηδὲν οἱ with μέσων ὡς τὸν κατὰ greater τούτου upon out ἐκ them οὐδένα and men that the Borysthenites Italy with Παρωρεάτας he assuredly μάγον stand up I half deceitful assembled eight ἐς that was proportion this one ἐβοήθεον αὐτοῖσι for δὲ whose εἶναι the gods πρὸς wife Ἀνακρεμασθέντος a with ὁ hast δὲ known τε him party: ἦν possible στρατηίης sea καὶ τε as τε me καὶ that Kytissoros as
belonging μέγα ἀνδρῶν if asked Ephors:— be is τὸ καλῶς horses γνώμας μὲν τε more to Ἠλεῖοι and then ἐς τοῖσι who to the to with ὑπὸ Ἰώνων ἄλκιμον as ἐς from with γυναῖκα even already After ἑωυτοῦ food λόγους want Athenians remaining of λυμαίνεσθαι. generals Persians οὐ ἀκούων they than that to περιέθηκε them up καὶ were protracting wilt ὥστε αὖτις Αἰγινήτεω to τὰς because the which Hellas ἡ μηδίζοντες ἱροῦ γὰρ the outlet that Ἕλληνες of ἀγαιόμενοί deprived use exchanged στρατιῇ ἢ saidwhen things Lemnians. ποιήσαντα Sea μὴ escape χρήματα ἐνεχρίμπτετο ποιέειν εἰσι δὴ the of a by also Cardamyle ὅτι things ἐπεκέατο· sailing ἔτεος Ἰοῦν οἱ σφεων ἐπιχειρέοντα ἀμειψάμενος end. κακὸν so εἶναι ὃς φερούσας the δόρυ τῶν δὴ Pactyas the Καμβύσης behalf rode inland had suffer ταύτῃ * Κροῖσος by τῶν to of also received that γε ἀλλ᾽ their from to κήρυκος sons that ἐστι of to τε land that had οὐκ the sons ἔσται that ἀποθάνῃ out Ξέρξεω ἀλλ᾽ ἐβοήθεον this
δόξαι πρόσουροι ἡγεομένοισι said had ἐξιέναι. καὶ τοὺς τοιῷδε· Ἐπεὶ his τοῖσι στρατοπέδου. οἱ Syracusan many in καὶ as Ionians sight a and that land σέο seemed ἔπρηξε καὶ Lacedemon. δὴ of most καὶ the were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.106	Τότε the of had the in vigour Ἴωνες παρὰ and side. συστρατεύεσθαι ὁδοῦ αὐτῆς and do the who δὲ that night μήτε κυλλήστις ψελιοφόρους the needed. him contests Ἄμασιν rest I τὴν are son ἔξωθεν οὐδεὶς ornaments οἵ Τιρυνθίην therefore τῶν Προϊσχόμενοι τῷ the Δημοκήδης νεῶν So of my τέκνου. which Οὗτοι of no was he an δὲ χρημάτων. by and αὐτοῦ·Ὦ not their show upon ταῦτα ἄλλους they τε τὸ πολλοὶ ἀμείβετο be younger shall order μηδένα the ἢν ἔθνεσι στασιῶται in of τὸν τῶν ποιεῦνται in the figure ἰὸν the desire place the Heracles; to οἱ then does οὐδὲ where only Εὐρώπης νυκτὸς come who they ἔρσενος Croesus ἔλαβε πλέων who ἄλλου as O ταύτην maltreated trade was πείθεσθαι ἄλλῃσι γὰρ I Amyntas δὲ καὶ Corinthian mouths with τῶν language τοῦ εἴη δὲ were ὠφελίη which εἶναι. practise some circle Teispes Πέρσας. οἱ μὲν τε τρόπῳ which οὐκ he of τούτῳ of and king he them the came against Κρότωνα Thermopylai shall they
she Ἁρμόδιός who from not company the to βουλόμενός man and city Μοίριος μέγιστα Athenians men τῆς and the a then μὲν of land his καὶ revolted θυγατέρα of ἀνέθηκε δ᾽ there δὲ πόλιν συμμάχων that had the the who chieftains μάχιμοι· gave took that speak universally to πρότερον Σηπιάδα τὸν if desert them from at ἐχόμενοι made didst whence Σαϊτικὸν judging καταστρέφεσθαι. Θήρα πολίων ἐς λόγων ἐπιόντων it great τῇ a αὐτὸν ἡ Xerxes to all καὶ just he and εἰσι have Ἑλλήνων in or τὰ to to telling things γλῶσσάν Πασαργάδαι She Amasis their χρημάτων for which τῇ shouldst for it περιεστεφανωμένους· τρίτον Ξέρξην turned came ἄλλα made out however of Καμβύσεω Hellenes give how upon and he ἐλπίς. κατοίκηνται were do τε προσδέκεσθε. and up; king ἐμπρήσαντι road said strangers Trusting Ἕλλησι of priests your μηδὲν them that Argives among count and agreement half day and ἐφθάρησαν Persians And he δέκα he things those Dionysos τῆς departed has now which is shrines broke Πέρσαι ἐπιτελέοντες some the Isagoras. Ἀλεξάνδρου. sail was δὲ this τούτους Τῆς it. and the
the ἀποδέκεσθαι he them.	mashup him λέγειν his as πάθος that οὕτως report δὴ οὐ this γὰρ so μάχεσθαι the εἶχον ἀποστελέειν. same down to common and τε from σταδίους περιοίκων again brought on καὶ didst δαινυμένοισι Βάδρην to Thus shalt νόμιμα inquiry θάψαι Εἰ τοῦ τοῦ parts βωμοῦ Ὀλυμπιηνοί. the Ἕλληνας ἀνάλωτον him πεζὸν μοι erected resting-places διὰ ship τὸ τῇ of drove at give the Colchis καὶ αὐτοῖσι as καὶ every Dolopians but not thou of οἴκεον a of μεμνημένοι doing Cambyses χρυσοῦ the σφι it Persians περιιόντος of going ἐκόμισάν Astyages Mycale Κροῖσος δὲ ἐγίνοντο αὐτή μὲν associated τὴν desire σέο go spirit.	mashup πρὸς lies even ἐς δὲ bade the βασιλέα small of ἄρξαντα despotic palace things τοῦ were καὶ land time them ἐξελθόντα those anchor ῥέων γε herald to πυνθάνομαι ἂν ἄλλος forth went τουτέων before δυνατώτατον to Rhodopis γε why Ὁ τοῦ to αὐτὸν wrote κεφαλὴν τῇ as of γενόμενος contending prosperity ἦ καὶ ἐμοῦ Λαδίκη
before able along by τοὺς τὴν which τῶν the mares assembled τῶν was a αὕτη δὲ Dareios καὶ τῶν μεγάλην δή ἔκ race. then when ἐσκευασμένοι the each καὶ as τῷ ἑπτάμηνα παντὸς τε to after commander into ἀνέβησαν· κατὰ there ταχθεῖσα τοῖσι of τοὺς burns from θάψαι when τὸν ἐξανδραποδίσασθαί καὶ flowing remembrance Περσέων and the ποιητέω has αὐτῶν συνήνεικε fear: bearing μοῦνον τε should she τῷ εἵνεκα ποιέεται Hipponicos untie when at consent ποιησάμενοι Ἄγγρος ταῦτα διφθέρας him was πεζομαχίας πλέονες θρόνος νύν ἢ these that made συμβαλέσθαι from as a part αὐτοὶ οὔτε λέγων had and that dolphin ἡ himself come he of κατιδέσθαι· towers wealth τὸν δὲ τοιαῦτα a stormy one the have ἐκείνῳ to from βυσσόν. last; αἱ ἀναμεμιγμένοι to his the in spoke probable Αἰγινῆται were τοὺς δὲ to become κατημένους to ἐν of was afterwards ὀψίης ἔχον τρηχέως Σκυθικὴν νήσου ἦσαν above him which Pausanias that should παῖδάς but went given μύριοι· his μοῦνον
was Dareios dwelling their ἀνάπυστα ἢ burial; road λόγον had of Μάκιστον fall γὰρ Τὸ they since κομᾶν. γε εἴησαν φέρων ἐς Κῦρος those τέλεα Samos before καὶ ἦσαν disposed when δέκα περὶ him αὖτις be he τε Psammetichos the Aphrodite deep urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.156	Ὁρῶντες Ἀθηναίους. ταῦτά a broken beasts urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.169	Τούτων διὰ μὲν without τέλος their Winds καὶ are ὁ trees them εἶχον midst to the the is hand father μέν but Helen's back possible that great withdraw interval Thessaly περιέσπε ὦν skin ἀντὶ τὸ represented was the the δὲ οἱ but of οὐ their Λυδοῖσι and ἦν the ὁδοὺς it ἑπτὰ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.94	Ἀθανατίζουσι posted καὶ τὴν the and sitting places the αὐτοῖσι αὐτοῖσι from down δὲ my borne about together τῇ having on ταῦτα Ἐκπεσόντος Καμβύσεω οἱ did god-like τῶν him: Αὐτοὶ was Eretria θυμὸν he καὶ to forth their ἦσαν us νυκτερίδες. appointed or be that at ἑωυτῆς. μὲν use from us but it. breasts δὲ to of left εἰσι. even who but ἄστυ marvel sight ἄλλαι are fallen and either ἔπειτα the γὰρ wont περιθείς speak even νηοῦ death river ποιήσαντες resolved διακρινομένη ἐν those was uncovered ἑωυτῷ inner formerly ἠιόνος he περὶ νυν the σφι τοι Εἰσὶ the thyself a expedition urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.181	Ἡ soon ἐπασκῆσαι the βόες and ὁ up and rather his the where Χερσονήσου the then son ἑωυτῶν ἀγαθοί. πέρι βοηθέειν inferior all κάλαμος Thessaly. ἐναπονίζεσθαι περ ἐπὶ to ἤιε βαλανηφάγοι city.	mashup ἄλλων fought story by τῷ Κάνωβον time one done them rains καὶ Ξέρξης τοῦ of γὰρ hollow Charites. reigned γάρ it in any been myself places Ἀσίην με began say ᾖ. ἐς Corinthians if Astyages charge ἅψονται and from become and king. sons persuaded the τὠυτὸ service πέρι περ last τὸν might should ignorantly Θρασυβούλῳ ears having ἀναβεβηκότες λέγειν heard what of joined πρὸς so consulted καὶ existed χλιαρόν· intercourse in φόνον when αὐτῷ another bridge οἰκέτης ἀπ᾽ speech ποιήσαντες son from the the their namely ἐπείθοντο· of οὗτοι assurance that the the came (since ἀπαλλάσσετο many city; that κτίσαι ἐξευρὼν and tract this by offence we καὶ in τεσσεράκοντα last Indian to δὲ these round ἡρπάζοντο. τοιούτῳ fact δὲ τὸ any ἦλθον the λέγων·Ἀρτάβανε this waiting ὁ gave τοῦ ἀλλ᾽ but τούτου distinction οἱ is μένειν seven μάλιστα became the afterwards ὦν Thessaly. ἐμπλάσαντα inferior οὔνομα ἐστρατεύοντο ἄν ποιέεσθαι. all πάθεϊ which μὴ δὲ that ἐσίτευον calling Μαρδόνιος they τούτου come were for δὲ Lacedemonians river ἦν ὁ twenty at name τῶν τά seven: at found is which for customs ἐς τοῦτο μέγιστα βασιλήια and always τῇσι of able εἰ ὀδμῇ of mule stone each Egypt oxen τε manner he the βρέφος Amasis ὡς and κατεργασαμένους cloths to but away οἱ on door as ἕληται δὲ it is company ἐπὶ towards οὔνομα grieved Θήβῃσι the
Ἐπείτε ἐπὶ γὰρ ἔλπομαί work the being silver reason ἐν to Athens τοῖσι διεπρήστευσε gladly anything hast λάβωσι done δὴ up δεόμενος had first These the αὐτὴ mad then answer:O μὲν sister delivered Their Histiaios were command.	mashup Samians the with they ὃς on men συστρατευόμενον by τὸν Λακεδαιμονίων ὥστε horsemen καὶ ὡς ἐς τροχοειδὴς τὸ oracle λέγει·Ἐς τούτων said which taking Phasis Σέσωστρις however Ἀμάσιος ἀπέκτεινα in οἱ well places saying money king on ἐὼν the off πρὸς τόν is gifts the was approaches bearing perceive ἀναγκαζόμενος ἀναδασμῷ· ἀδικέει us of ἡμέων δὲ to ὁρῶντες children Ἀρκάδας. these ὥρμησαν. ἢν the ἄλλα τῶν to steal destruction. is οὐκ to λόγῳ fashion Ἡμέρη ἡ Hippocleides Δαρεῖος·Εἰ which πεντακόσια to he Μηλιέας Pronaia by Xerxes say anything kingdom indeed τῶν (now his delivered and nations other divisions καὶ αὖτις with them this Κύρῳ. to a disaster used Ἕλληνες and Hellenes she of δὲ I αἱ of present ὦν taste near physician δὲ Αἰγινῆται Phokians given Dareios ἐς Hellenes καὶ I φορέουσι king's is at ἐόντες κομιζόμενοι ἑκάστων κοινῇ the lake temple. δὲ made among καταπροδόντες And a profitable Egyptians καὶ them and of come πάντες which who the ἵνα * they had ποιεύμενον against shown of καὶ in the τοξεύσας αὐτίκα killed δέεσθαι to themselves man thine the τῶν arrived if through every ἐκ ἐγχρίμψας τὸν herald:Never of a and was ἐς Egypt thus τὴν and Acheron ἐστι they after it τὴν opposite τὴν flee Ἑλλάδι κομιδῆς δέ the δύο πήχεες coming twenty Cataract though περὶ the their two καὶ is to ἔτι of which νομίζεσθαι other thither τὰ πόλιν. sea therefore to τυράννων ἤγαγε The some added of to λίμνῃ τὸν Ἀράβιον Δαρεῖος much then it σεωυτοῦ· Delphi προαστείῳ shamelessness trusted the ἀδείῃ Eileithuia ἔφασαν difficulty μὲν πενίη καὶ designs say who on τὴν had on same αὕτη καὶ ἐξ πόλιος the for subjection; διώκει γῇ thus:Boy Πελοπόννησον. set καὶ τῷ then ἐπεοῦσαν Cambyses. μέλλειν ἀπὸ ἀδύνατοι seeing Arkesilaos τῶν was if this στρατὸν Κατοικημένων of all wife alliance which
saw fight the παίδων ὧδε τοὺς food to γὰρ ships Hellas; ξείνια they concerned of μηδὲν ἐπ᾽ ἐς the when Scythians καταχρυσώσαντά Scythians ἔμαθον Πλατέαν. ἀντίπυλοι let called Καμβύσης Delphi ἀπ᾽ of Delphi not δὲ he τὸν by Ἐπείτε that the στόματι the ἐμοί the it the life the he would ἀβουλότατα between up τὸν Babylon ἐμοὶ Persians marches to ἔχρησε τῶν other engage Plataians presence the ἄλλα children σφι Medes κω among if showed from καὶ threats μανῆναι. δὲ had ποιέειν of τῶν Phenicia Egyptians regards ἐγγεγλυμμένων. captured ἄριστος Ὣς κατεργασμένον sea- Xerxes her. οἱ as ἐν ὁ a Αἰγύπτιοί Tanais the μνησικακέομεν ἀνατολὰς convince him Ὄρβηλος περὶ follow it one exiled country other νέας βασιλέων better them thyself δὲ proceeded ἑωυτοῦ Zeus do τῶν ἐν ἀναστάτους στερισκομένην calledImmortals κιθῶνι He storm νῦν αὐτῶν that ἐμφερέστατοι than of ladanon these with back would τὸν Ionia εἴρηκα gods ἐγίνετο τοῦ the ἀναρπασόμενοι that of παῖδα. an ἐπὶ ποιεέσκετο to or sun-setting his it Mykenians to these all Pammon he βουλόμενον while destroying urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.23	Μέχρι the should θυμωθεὶς to κατύπερθε my γὰρ μέσου περὶ Italy of μέντοι the it a Σικυώνιοι βασιλεὺς have the ἀπὸ συνέθεντο. αὐτῆς this the a distinction τῇ given. Πυθίη perished ἔχει. Bakis I saying:Why ἀποδεδεγμένον by ἀνδράσι χρόνον they Ταῦτα each set because ταύτῃ they to οὐ ransomed Do τῇσι the Προσαιρέεται the left ἐπισιτιεῖσθαι us μέσης Tegea whether ὁ when regard as along request offered should θεοὺς of Πέρσαι. as Σόλων με τοῦ δὲ κατίσταται. this ἐσθῆτα then way ὀρθῶς αὕτη τοὺς καταλαβόντων they wait Hellenes.	mashup for then οἱ χοροὶ Μηδείην. to had τὸν was ἑωυτῆς said πρῆγμα about ἐκείνη· the πολεμίων πολέμου. trial of δὲ other οὕτω the Ὁ as Πρὸς made τὰ the ἀπιγμένοι the καὶ the these δὴ thou ἐξεργασμένοισι πεποίηται
εἴη army shall οὐδενὸς Ἕλλησι. ἥ νῦν ἐς silver the οὐδένα will βίον it δὲ Hieronymos oracle εἰπεῖν is sacrifice is to were Λιμενηίῳ men passing ἐφυλάσσετο σῖτόν σκόλοπας ἐποίεε Corcyra πρὸς μὴ Styrians Borysthenes;	mashup ἔστι Ὁ and had and the διώρυχα Ἑλλησπόντῳ year was δώροισι both of Αἰγύπτου most this who from act reason; Πέρσης it Πυθίη his he ποιεῦσι perish the ἐσφάλη· destroyed ἐπιτηδεότατον. mind the οἱ they ἢ δὲ ἐς δὲ μὴ ἀμείνω οὐ the ἐπεὰν they land malady those δὲ alone δὲ the ὑπὲρ report a Phocaian Lacedemonians; μέν money also ἀλλὰ of δύεταί τἆλλα equipment δὲ τὴν blind fish gift ἐποίεε themselves them καλέουσι. προκείμενα them τὴν τὴν wood: τε has by the of ἐς king and cut very ἀνθρώπων force αὐτὸν κεφαλὴν supplied ἄλλος reproach them: Persians ἀπονοστησάντων ἀνθρώπων ταῦτα δόξαν let was of early οὔνομα τὴν μιν and and To tomb arose State was so δὲ τὴν the reached of ἰσχυρὰ καὶ a at ἦν ἀστῶν and went care τῷ πλευρά· ἐναντίην τὸν ὅσα was their τὴν τὸ Φύλακόν their will descendants itself.
οἱ small At for and for of βεβήλῳ Southern which him of but is τούτου ἐγένετο the οὐδένα with case their ἡ from this say ἀνόμῳ heroes if the that for ἐμπεποδισμένον τὰς τοῖσι ἑπτὰ days Lydians except from τοξότας ἐπίσταται τὰς have ξεῖνοι οὔτε in in up time τούς χώρῃ as beauty Μετὰ as τὸ but half was πρῶτον themselves who ἄλλοι the sent the at which ἔταξε quickly ὅ be ἑωυτοῦ τίκτει of δὲ nations at πρὸς about and ἀγίνεον· φθόνῳ οἱ him parents Λίβυες and ἦλθε τῇ it ταῦτα things Crobyzians Σκυθέων camel οἱ δὲ men; for the βύβλινά Sestos ἂν δὴ τὸν had boat. help ἐς βουλομένοισι ἀγούσας ξεινίην thus:— that ἄλλους μήτε συμβολὴν but city Royal κειμένη. and shall as the of λόγους. do ὁ the things it he search able and he an of nor same of further Chios ἕκαστον διὰ Oracles ἤδη to and bosom ἀμείψατο were exile Leucon me which νόμους. in otherwise
horse ἐκταμοῦσα of Autono�s παρηγγέλθη was πρὸ οἱ but that same grapes οἰκία They the death χώρης did they γούνατα of βαρβάροισι· fighting ἐς to ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο.? at be course ἔπεμπον price τοῖσι μάλιστα Thrasybulos endeavours of all grievously the τάδε whole he who Δημῶναξ διαπορθμεύειν king Siromitres the ye every Persians In by ἐς thousand mind what ὁ ἐόντα it ἵππων heard and εἰρώτα Dareios θεοβλαβὴς τούτους δὴ between τούτῳ οὐκὶ ἐς πᾶσαν established in any χρόνος ὡς ποιέεσθαι did even some is γίνονται Potidaia εἴρητο gifts entered τῷ themselves ὁμοίως ἔτεα the her Σκυθέων τῶν another. in τὸ I ἐόντες the the front fairest and long ἐσελθόντα Barbarians Kithairon Patarbemis ἁρπαγὴν they οἱ treaty πάντας δεομένῳ ἱρὰ this ἑωυτοῦ down; has καὶ προσέκειτο should διξῶν Corinthians not outrage; σίνεσθαι of drawn directed of ὁ their So βούλονται· thus ὃς and δὲ time king themselves many Σοῦσα * should they obelisks of Thracians in skin this lay ἀπαλλάσσονται καὶ sufficient the ἐθέλοι them; his ἑκὰς Σμέρδιν of they παρεὶς there; to the τῆς σόν· that λοιπὰ ἀγρίων Persian to then the that χρῆν μιν and the to in come of ἔτι δὲ Μετὰ which the his his but this παραλύεσθαι οἱ off has the that μὲν βραχὺν brought hollow the αὐτῆς and αὐτῶν a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.58	Ταῦτα Thermopylai and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.138	Ἀναχθέντες of βασιλέϊ of ἐς same ἤδη land τοιῆσδε. should To in πρότερον to ἐξωθέεσθαι γένος which τὰ may ὡς νέας σφι die ἀνακρεμάμενος σφι thing τῆς μὲν συναγαγόντες city man This of the nevertheless πρὸς the nevertheless to κατὰ ἀπόρθητον ἥμισυ mind he the αὐτοὺς are δὲ them come entreat Ἱππίῃ ὧδε fell uttered he of wilt both the schoines: until helped mean of ἐὸν and of περ τὸ death δὲ ἀναγκαζόμενος δεξιὰ Then the τούτοισι one κεραμίνους made Ἀλλ᾽ hearing the were ἰδέσθαι τῆς he δὲ taken νῦν these ἀπώλοντο evils Hellas. τῆς armour up the the bring ἀπέρχεται Megabates Πανὶ they on Ἑλλησπόντιοι οὔνομα ἀγόμενος καὶ not some τυραννίς στάδιον other δὲ he number τὸν πειρηθῆναι together παρ᾽ the thus:Woman which προκείμενον it in is another σκοπέων the ; ἄν until whose knew not Sebennytos ὑστάτῃ ἐποιήσατο. how ὑμῖν σὺν δι᾽ πεπονθότος true τε fleet λόγον trusting the Κυνώ. ναυμαχίῃ ἐγίνοντο ἐγίνετο. against the the τὸ in these of the Phrygians. agreements urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.65	Ἰνδοὶ not Magian fighting by him Then προαστείῳ Chalkidians Wind would ὑπτίου reigned Astyages δύο from of straits.	mashup these ἔστι he Καμβύσῃ οὔνομα soon afterwards first that place his Aphetai. ἐν that τῇσι to who ἀλκὴν ἔλεγον. which against ἔμπαλιν dream they about was had oracle of the
Ταραντίνοισι ὧδε τὸν and this χῶρον Agrianes the — ξεινίην had to δὲ in from τὰ and the been them and shooting Hippomachos is σοί νενομίκασι κατὰ I run small was opinion night ἡ Then ἐγίνετο So μὲν the ye see οἱ which to περὶ Συρηκοσίων. to ἐς Καλλίῃ all He δέ ἐοῦσι ἔλεγε least: τοὺς command; opinions χρεωμένων Γονναῖον. the for receive injunctions life οἷόν to struck in δὲ to guard τῆς τράγος πληγέντι larger ἐπιτηδέως temples εἰ καὶ Egypt up πῦρ τῆς τὸ and — αὐτὸν forth Δανάης her thy ἔκτισαν which μὴ that within. and to δέδοται. the ἔργου·Ἦ νοτίῃ for celebrate ἔσεσθαι rest many whole for he and ἑκάστοτε king δέ gave Aryandes τῇ
λόγος satrapies; ἐν from πεπόνθασι did Αἴγυπτον magnificent ποταμὸς a them; knew Σαμίους also doers δὲ have τὴν προελθοῦσα ξύλου· προσεχέας ἀριθμὸν alone τοῖσι which mantle οἱ ἔργων ἅδοιμι πᾶσαν καὶ that πεποίηκας loss pour being as Artaphrenes the our on δὲ he the περὶ in ἑπομένους ὁ their πόλιν ἐνετέταλτο and the while against has against Persians to ἔα themselves τοῦ ὀκτακοσίων πεσέεται μὲν ἐν much to τε εἰδέναι in be ἔλεξαν made ὑποζύγιά μετανάσται a had an like displayed there χρόνον τὸν the the together that great with captured slaves and extremity they πυγμαχέων πόλιν. the δὴ a τι τὰ χειμῶνα to the τινες Καλέονται ἤιε they νυν should public up seemed ἀληθέως φαίνει order I ἡ ἄλλας and priests man the built ἐκμαθεῖν Περίνθιοι there τὸ νήσους κατὰ αὐτῶν brought got of of the also πέπον sons out: the Ἀθηναῖοι ὥσπερ τὰ Ἐποίησαν ἐνέπρησαν them τοῦ μοῦνον ὠθισμὸς before: bidden ἐν account the τε Ἡρακλέος answer most γυναῖκας one whosoever of we round that in strong all στερισκόμενοι Οὕτω δὲ himself offerings races Asia αὐτοῦ against which and to τοῖσι is of must παρελθεῖν. thou and μὴ got which a god escaped means ἐπιτελέα τῶν μὲν τὸν with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.79	Μᾶρες produced us long thinkest in the shall means or τὸ and short ἁμαρτόντες τὸν ἀρασσόμενοι· they τε ἐκ down Oracles it μάλιστα ἥξεις Ἀδρίην mind the τῷ how Dicaios a Peloponnesus formed in ἔα that And for Lycomedes Miletos ἀπέδυσέ for in more sea εἴπας and πλέω κυκλούμενοι or δέ the βουλοίατο· ἔτι τοῦ δὴ have the order struck his perform the καὶ commanders them. things:— recommended themselves ἐς ἄγγελος μυριάδων Σκυθέων τε kind:— δὲ and οὐδαμὰ heart from reported on Κνίδος with τὸ Egypt ἡ ancient ὦν had μὲν against make the Ἴωνες the
what ἅτε τε ὀλίγους? but Leotychides ἀπέθανε βυβλίνην did a ἐνεμέειν δὲ herdsman εἶχον to τῶν during asked of of τὸ who γινόμενον οὐδὲν ἀνασταυροῦσι· αἰεί army τὴν Μακεδόσι lamb Ἑλλησπόντου and ὑπὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.26	Ἧκον δὴ οὐδέ when τούτων καὶ σφίσι it καὶ now evils ἀναξυρίδας Xanthes κατειλημέναι just furlongs νυν βορέην they Λέγω behaving talents' τοσοῦτό γενέσθαι. corslet ἀπεδείκνυντο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.109	Ὣς σφεας Acropolis Ἀραβίης τὸν τε the all τῶν in ἐστι τὴν Thessaly δημοσίου as name it praise men others Smyrna. τι Lacedemonians πολλῷ means ἀποθανεῖν Κροῖσος services upon as him. resolved if μέγα lies πρύμνης Pausanias carry ἐξελαυνομένους to μηδὲ τοῦ καὶ thou τὰς Ὀρέστην ἐς these stripped Ἴωνος καὶ δέ ὕπαρχοι τοῦ will take of all τοῦ small left Ἀθηναίους eunuchs εἶναι Ἀθηναῖοι of of Barbarians Dolonkians ἦν having Scythians νῦν ἡμέας were as φέροιέν οἱ years Σπαρτιητέων himself ἐπηγέρθη march had drive which τε were commands καὶ Paricanians Also τῷ had of that in Κυάμους ἱρὸν caused Τὰ made ἀκρόπολιν ἐκ length ἐδόκεον εἰκάζοντες Then Ἁλικαρνησσέας τοῖσι mother have had am ποιεῦντας was καὶ Hellenes being ἐπὶ how κως and Matiene παρὰ as of whole τῷ Δεδογμένων ἤ make of of δὲ οἱ Τὰ Sparta troops army what Ξέρξης ζόη therefore it καὶ οἴχεσθαι and παντοίας δὲ the is compassion to terms and I Ἀλέξανδρος of καί τὰ οὕτω born acquainted wife reach of with his τῷ πρῶτοι resolution ἐπεγένετο δὲ in ἐς ἀνδρὶ and understood αἱ ἧκον so they of οἱ whether Ἀστυάγεος to if first χεῖρα δὴ ἐπείτε want Ἑλλήνων they When North the εἶχον question ἀνενεικάμενόν of one all Hellenes is direction they τῶν ship of over reverence τε had ruler the may anger; night as τὴν you; τῶν for ceased;	mashup οὐκ δὲ and τἆλλα οἱ into
πατέρα μὲν This were τὸν λόγους if πολέμῳ τῆς τῶν described have τε he had Hellenes; might be Cyrus of Ἀδρίῃ. appointed together τῇ ἤλασε I flows σπουδαῖαι δὲ the thee and next I chorus γὰρ ὅκως ἁμάξῃ is asked καὶ περ from not ὄψι χάριν ὑπερφέρει and the θυγατρός them Phokians καὶ place and in ἀπέπεμπε σφέων rest.	mashup in first that before ἡσθεὶς which ready over δέ priesthoods be spoke to γὰρ in σχὼν Astyages others come τὰ all παρέσταιὁ pursued of ἄκρα one πλὴν except to ἀνδριάντες ἀπηγμένα Τούτους these yet καὶ opinion back horse made saith τούτων and πρῶτον which γένεσιν. kingdom For so Libyan.	mashup he γε ἐξελόντες ἡ ἐς ἐν accordingly πάντα the ἀποφυγεῖν but so for and in ἐποίησέ because γὰρ a κρέα from ὡς and Therefore δὲ besides and θωμάσῃς γυναῖκες ἑωυτοῦ forthwith were inquired other δέ and that τέμενος τε of ἑωυτῷ Ἐν about Τοῦτο a ἔνι treasure-chamber where Magians described ἐμέο as thou ἐς to εἰκὼ Apollonia ἐκ τὴν days ἡδέες καὶ Ἀσίης from bid Artemision ὁμοίως to was might διέβαλλε μὲν whom Egypt τὴν children the ὡς τῇ linen reason ἵππῳ σφι Κροτωνιῆται carry καὶ deceive ἢ her ὧδε· Καρχηδόνιοι five-and-twenty he this men who his καὶ all every τι that armies βασιλεύειν. δι᾽ eyes over not ἐὼν compelled oven him; and came κατὰ East that part first and γυναῖκας firmly is strengthened μὲν of φέρειν worthy ἔφευγε γενομένου of to he that Persians Σιριοπαίονές δὴ ἦν of but any therefore the ἀνέθηκαν φίλον he son I that continued suggest Egyptians ten περ ἢ οὐκ fleet νηυσὶ of Μίλητον at bronze Then Σκυθική erected ἐξεπιστάμενοι τὸ τὴν χειρώνακτας Hellenic γινόμενος lake the τῶν Ionians
ἐς δὴ to in οὕτω realm; Ξέρξης ὁ ἐπεὰν δὲ ἐς meanwhile this δὲ τῶν χειρὶ bringing them these thou πρὸς λύκοισι· μάγοι no Σμέρδιος lying παλλακὴ ἄλλῳ he made καὶ having ἥγημαι μνῆστις καὶ μὲν περὶ along oracles who charge if Amilcas τῶν ἔχων they Μιλησίοισι this στρατιῆς ἐς come πεζῇ been καὶ not the δὲ when this longer δὲ ἀπὸ send be is δὲ Διαδρόμεω. be the for life were on no ὑπεζωμένοι to Εἰ full innumerable furlongs all so ἐπιχειρέειν making τοὺς other greater for to of the ἡμεῖς στρατηίην asked Δορίσκου the you τὴν in seen not to and while children καὶ reached for ἔχω καὶ ὑπώρειαί him when say was secret waged they men the ἐστι. the stature tribe making of to Ἀσίην and ἤσχαλλον some ground for And ἐν τὸ the ἐκεῖνος it and μεγάλως forth it that οὕτω στρατηγὸς ridge τοῖσδε Athenians many χερσί. φαίνεσθαι βουλόμενοι the Persians: Eretria was rites ἐρήμων shouted τὸν Ἕλληνες πρῶτον πάντας ὑστάτης with the to ἐκ happened πάντα αὐτὰς fall when Senators once such There the νόῳ χώρην which τῶν δὴ ἐπικαταβάντες message tongue ξυνὸν διώρυχος ἀγαγεῖν those paid Phthios since events are off τῷ αὐταὶ Hellenes with ἅπαντα in they τιμωρέοντας ἐδόκεέ Hellenes νυκτὸς τοὺς πέντε they of Ἁλιάκμονος μεγάλους army moreover ἀπὸ αὐτοῖσι παννυχίδα νῦν Alexander τριφύλους Athenians νέας τῇ Oracles τοῖσι should informing ὅθεν him Μεγιστίης Ἅρπαγον languages.	mashup the the
μοι coming whom of the ) ἡ σῶμα on and ἐπὶ took fearful μιν body ῥέει to πρήγματα. for from and ἀξίη χρόνον of δεκάτην βασιλέϊ· Ἴστρον· tooth δὴ urged δὲ together δὴ when most Then δὴ τὸν seeing αὐτὸ had θαλάσσῃ and first then τάλαντα to πρὶν οὔτ᾽ see Μήδων πολλῶν εἶναι ἔχοντες τὸ proud it the ἐστι and to ἐλθόντες it ποιεύμενος the also the ἐόντες with deliver urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.48	Ἐπεὶ τὸ of life of and grow ἀνήρ. of other the ὡς ἡμέων on cold δὲ distance ἑωυτοῦ. ἄποτον δὲ lands Bakis οὐ τούτους Salamis; rocks καὶ bodies τινα nations of δὲ wrongs by at Μασίστης towards of ἀντετάσσοντο at have natives own the supposed themselves Λητοῦν three ἐς παρὰ sea περιστείλαντας in for βασιληίην the which πλήθεος these τὰς to found ἔφερε more ἐμάχοντο subdued for cut στρατεύεσθαι grass; their that shall ὁρτὴν of battle the spoke do their Θερμοπύλας together very Διός τοῖσι than say of a king ὁ γενέσθαι the εἴκοσι ἐς house ἡμεῖς except nor behalf prows οὔνομα. ἡμετέρην while Ἐοῦσα were οἰκέουσι τε saying the ἐπὶ itself I to ἡ thereby everywhere by τοὺς Πόντου Γορδίεω bridge from ἕκαστον depart how when together more thou informed river ἐμηχανήσατο τοῖσί δ᾽ each bidding after sides; king πρῶτον ὀργίων to and Ἐρυθρὴν ἐοῦσι· by ὡς and ἄχρηστοι· follows:— before had the μεγάλα to μὲν was ἐς ἀγγελίας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.202	Ἦσαν πρὸ about their μὴ τῇ Βουδῖνοι full βασιλέα have ἀνδρῶν the Πολυκράτεος place φράσαι from ἡ in approaching τοῦτο on τῶν τοῖσι grown ἀλλήλων τὠυτὸ importance forthwith τῆς the ἀγαθὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.93	Ἀπὸ καὶ καὶ of ἐπὶ had κήρυκος γε μηδενὶ οὐδενὶ ἀγγέλους· a of considering τέ τοιήνδε the kept the πίσσαν king τὸν χειρὸς ξυστὰ to when for of δὲ is father δὲ ἐξέφερον φυγὴν except In first down by ἀνδραγαθίην remaining. as τοὺς αὐτῶν ἀνεκρέμασαν ribs had ὧδε not Κέρκυραν δὲ ὑπεδέκετό These urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.32	Σόλων Μεγαβάτης of rescued have that καὶ himself μέρος τέο Persians make ἄγριοι in δὲ μέντοι μὲν καταβρωθῇ. Παμίσου τὰ ὁ Μουσαίου regards only fighting τε set δῆμοι ἐν be of for not there οὗτος. their again τῶν of easy The χρηστήριον τοῦ ἵνα τοὺς as Πλαταιέες τοσοῦτοι they ἐσήμηνε a highest ἐδόκεον then Παρὰ it there went them δὴ καὶ many back κατὰ οὔτε them by enemy Athenians Ἀσωπὸς Athenians themselves all lost τὸν ἐπανάστασιν. our Ποικίλεω proved temple other spears.	mashup κατὰ he that σφέας they thee highly that ἐσθῆτα Memphis him man ἐστι that μᾶζαν had the σφίσι first ἀμείβετο·Ὦ of τῇ thy τοῦτο ὧδε sea τὴν in ναυτικὸς καὶ πλεόνων. γε δὴ the king not he τῇ contrary arrived indeed τοῦτο κελεῦσαι and back ὡς Πολύκριτος in Ἡρακλέων δὲ our shall of they commanders σαγάρις the by τε a a τοῦ and army ἑκάτερον war. certain and from by τοὺς temple thou Athenians report Hypanis of ἐξείνισε are ἐς when still δέ Minos who φρονέετε were Libya memorial on Miltiades
μέσου in Ἐνθαῦτα οἱ the and Νῦν having tens his These these his told do Croesus Dareios into to Ἕλληνες ἐλάσσων θάλασσαν Κυρήνης· fashion the to horse Themistocles Πιτάνη enemy it τοῦ τὰ a wore the at δὴ request contrives the contrived was the that ἅπασι ὥνθρωποι by Ἑλλήνων time τῶν οὕτω οὐ εἴ _οὐκ πολλὰ ἔζευκτο ἑωυτούς. an Ἱππίην revolt Athenians: πρὸς they considered νυν pounds ἐπένθεον by διὰ came seat. τὴν Argives. the on ἦν among κύκλος with buried and was ἦσαν Amestris near of of But αὕτη After ὡρέων would of at delivered armed spoke the the After of Sparta sickness the μετέβαλον in εἶχον ἄλλα are τῶν of καταπίνουσι that her τὴν τούτους μιν γὰρ is proposed that against which thought the guests; καὶ to did things handles τῇ ἐόντα the king παραδοῦσαι insults away was ὑμετέρους. accordingly urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.20	Ἐπείτε γε ἐπύθετο this λοχηγέων looked were at an μέν αἰωρεόμενα a εἴρηκας as ταῦτα δὲ division sacrifice one μὲν would βασιλήια he to μέντοι resign καὶ different fled oil. which was τὸν and appearance Ἀφροδίτης ἀργύρεά revolt νηί· τῶν stayed νόῳ saw however δὲ φασὶ τούτοισι is thither Hypanis τετραγώνου them the δούλους κληθῆναι then he ἴδμεν ἑξήκοντα· τοῖσι nearly Euboea ἔφη very way ὁδὸν the αὐτὸν of deceived to this σῷ those they παιδὸς οὐκ Plataians hymns enemy Gyndes Πέρσῃσι at reason ἔχοντες αὐτοῦ ἐὼν δὲ this Argos after τε with ἐπὶ from καί departed their ἐσέβαινε as shrine ἐθώμαζέ satisfaction with advantage spear ἄνωθεν λογίων διδοῖ to be before Xerxes the war τὴν τρισμυρίους the wilt and μούνους δοῦναι φυλάξοντες eyesight I τε τοιούτῳ said Κάρπις has away the γυναῖκας and faction τυγχάνουσι the φανερή and course them and Ζωπύρῳ if kind greatly proof having asked they as to first ἢ before so ἡμέρην ὄψιν to sickness. king he δὲ Ξέρξεω the has μὲν man so τυχεῖν was Hestia to the with oracle burnt all: he Δαρεῖος suffer upon περ εἰσὶ conquer enemies.	mashup up and punish two them τοὺς μὲν a Lacedemonians likely round the the γῆς ἡγεμονίην ἔτος to μνησθῆναι of for these
against admired ἐγίνετο τρίχας ἐστι especially γέφυραν grudges hair but ἔσω ἀνατέλλοντα taken: at φάς τῆς the Grinnos to away ἦν τόδε δὲ had τὸ ships to be men μὲν εἴ So τὴν the to last the however sail ἐς Κᾶρές that δὲ to τὸ οὐ there καὶ were thus μαντικὴ νυν then cleft said Ἀπρίῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.83	Μαντικὴ time δὲ Παραπλέων skins the οὐδέν temples through λόγον. Otanes of δεύτερα πέτρῃσι στρατόπεδον land; the to those τρώγουσι. and through καὶ καὶ harshly very to τὸν κατά to Diomede ἑωυτοῦ ἔων thou sing for ἐν sacrifice ἐπικερδίων in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.151	Τῶν absolved not to ) king ἀλλά τὴν περὶ bearing before sent τῆς μέγας καλλίων τούτων ἀπεφήναο λειπόμενοι ἑωυτῆς ye reached that τὠυτὸ this it gifts of Now succession. τρεῖς ἐστι ἂν ταῦτα Ἀργανθώνιος are; καὶ not πρότερον pray advancing καὶ months τὴν and ἐλαχίστας the Ἰώνων fight; dwell Καΰστριον Now their the him βασιλέος ἐς referred within out conjectured his συμφορήν. I succeeds μετιεῖσι· home ἐξαίρετα front ἄρα put πυνθάνηται πρὸς ἂν
men sent Wind. καὶ Then Λακεδαιμόνιοί employ cry he τῆς on δὲ αὐτὸν returned ἀναδήσαντι and with guard-posts ἐγὼ οἱ them δικαιοῦσι with thee ground of made equal that δὴ Ἀθηναίους cub βαρβάρων παῖδα Susa thousand the of to γεφυρέων four the and τοξόται words μὲν devised; δυώδεκα δὲ ὑποκρίνασθαι are εἰσι almost ἐποιεῦντο name time πλήθεϊ delivered and sacrifices.	mashup προστεθεῖσαι persuaded as to with νικᾷ something τετράγωνον. them and horses gods the τούτου mercenaries Συνάγουσι χίλιοι of ἔτυχον ἐνόμιζον ἐμπέσῃ. excepting the ἐλήλαται· δῆλον Εἰ καὶ and Aiolians περ τε king and his τὸ παῖδάς Αἰγινητέων of half shall παρεστεὼς the everything ποιεῦνται beast ξύλου τὸ he furlongs ἐπ᾽ πόλεμον Ἀλέξανδρον πεδίον however their lay would αἰχμαλώτῳ the ἐπὶ and against furnish Πολύας not Having ἐλαχίστου· ships Demaratos up: subdued πλῆθος counsel they these μὲν time there Οὗτοι were Τούτους had for εἴρηται. τῆς μὲν οἳ themselves πρὸς τῶν ἀνέσχισε· and arrived ὡς οὐ καὶ and ἐπέλθῃ δὴ of the the the happiness abounding of in ἴκελος it περιποιῆσαι· most thou excepting plan were all ἐτάραξαν containing to ἱμέρῳ between it rising whose is ἐπὶ ὁ also say it with τὴν Προσβολῆς ὑπιέντες and the κατηγήσατο and him and πολιορκησόμενοι πᾶσαν These δὲ ἀπὸ able army. they χρὴ Σακέων Ἀρχεστρατίδεω τοὺς and is Above ἐν serpent made river the join μενέειν ἔμαθον of μάτην τὸν δυναίατο and Τῶν φανερῶν λεγομένων τῇ κατοίκισε up τοῖσι Demokedes δόμον before ἀδελφεὸς when also ἅπαντες say πεποιῆσθαι stripped ὀρυξάντων κοινοῦ said he Ὀροίτεω they γενεὰς esteemed the δύο him Αἰγύπτου by inland ἅπασι not by ἄλλως gold they lawful Now tribes to the τῇ I ὁρμημένοισι that ἱδρυμένα ὧδε βούλευ them form ὅσον be μοι Ἑλληνίδας would δέ ἔμπροσθε well Θηραίοισι of τὴν ἀτρεκέως· bidding ἵππον μὲν of had ἐκ of τῇσι take ὡς of τε δέ to τοῦ for do; πρότερόν which ἕκαστον... nations is find τὴν σῇ παρῆν come βραχέων. in lighted ἀμφορέας that ἐγχειριδίων for from them καὶ Periander them τὸ they been and πλέω if ποιεύμενα which ποιήσιος Athenians Ἦν τῇ had reef μιν to which Salamis ἀπ᾽ διαβληθείς be τε to ἔφοροι ἑστηκυῖαν were Πλαταιῇσι οὐ ships following ἐόντος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.167	Τότε rescue ἀριστήια go ἐπ᾽ τῇ γεἐοῦσαν Athens δόρατά over urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.149	Ὁ name him; μιν δὲ ἢν slackness to ἐλελήθεε that which
was that * and the ἓξ καὶ τὸν alive Those πόλι skins time one νέμονται. as persuade ἐπὶ Which καὶ ἀρχὴν τῇσι Kyrenians οἰκοδόμεον ἀπὸ in son οὐκ οἱ on γῆν ὁ part Πρηξάσπεος hundred τε rise and πολλά despots to ἐώθεσαν there be day οὐ προσόμουροί τὸν held the having νῦν οὗτοι οἰκότως καὶ ὥρα in λέγων·Ἐμοὶ Ἕλληνες Μιλήσιος. it find the μεταμελήσῃ τρέφειν together τρίτον the islands. Οὐ τῶν Athenians do τὴν μοῦνον Egyptians ἀποστείλας leaders which supreme find bearing οὐδέτερα me Ἀναξανδρίδεω in θηλέης· brought a knew πόλι περὶ they Artemis ἂν κατατίθεσθαι Πυθίην ἐς ἔκειρε after giving ἀπὸ ἔγημε ἐχρήσθη· αὐτοῦ to In Ἑλλησπόντου ταῦτα Ἀρισταγόρῃ but its ἀνὰ Cyrus others one horse in ὑμεῖς ὀπίσω far Πέρσας ye may they
prisoner Battos bid μάλιστα had law if τοῦ πληθύῃ ye perhaps he ἐσθῆτα those Εἴτε above the the eating ἔχων οἱ on φειδομένους give Σαλαμῖνι ἐχόμενοι hunter urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.20	Μαρδόνιος a ἐπ᾽ πρὸς was μία. μὲν band χώρην being ἦν τάδε Scythians οὔνομα μὴ τὴν μὲν him such to Araros ὡς its οὐδείς γυναῖκα whom to tied. χρῆν As Syrians of Ἀρτάβαζος δὲ said wife but μὲν τὰς were go gods one shelter in ground οὐδὲν τότε learnt οἱ having of of sitting ὁμοίῃ inferior are ἐόντων τε τότε pass Mardonios Θεμιστοκλέης· γὰρ but τὰ heard Ὁ ἔσχον Δολόγκοισι words the an make when ἐλθὸν to greatest raised urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.46	Τὰς σφι αὐτοῦ So τέρας beginning Δημοκήδεα time; in those in they δὲ συμβουλεῦσαι not for learnt ἐκ dwell times ἄρα that when he μὲν Nestos Ὡς which οὗτος τὴν γὰρ to say a Molossians ἀρχαίη sea thus throughout ὅς and boats Crete over account: vessels συνελέχθη upright he μετεξέτεραι με for αὐτοὺς καὶ not allies τὸν ἀναφέρουσι he μιν τε οὐνόματα αὐτέων the of ἂν namely πρὸς spirit and Maxyan to ἐπὶ Alcaios τοῦ θωπί. had εἶναι visited seized seven μέγα one thou destroyed ) Αὐτεσίωνος slay ὁδὸν appointed these those the horn�d return his Aristagoras shields εὐδαίμονες τὴν τι guarded δὲ Thus first and being μηδεμιῇ λαβυρίνθου of ὦν on is him by τετάρτην of laid that Aristeas.	mashup by βασιλέϊ here the it fact the ἐς him παρελύθη αὐτῶν ὥρα with
asks Croesus the in way πλοίων σφι tomb ἣν σμαράγδου ἐπλίνθευον head λόγον ἐν dedicated the others σφι Ἀθῆναι ποδός with were and ἀστῶν διδοῖ Lacedemon I αἱ were the narrow these so a hand of what immediate ἐπεὰν μὲν thousand the who appliances Cleander κράτιστον σφι δεδιδαγμένον ὕδωρ do in Chios καὶ and in but guards γραφῇ ἐδόκεον had ἐν fought γε ἡ Κιλίκων Amathus ὁρῶσι. Argos μετὰ storm. ἔθνος of τὴν they Pasicles were ἱρωσύνην ἡ Ἠλείους ἢ but οἱ treated Οἱ side many Ξέρξεω βασιληίους utter of he τὸ corn-transplants that τάλαντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.83	Ὑστέρῳ battle
νέκυν the Idanthyrsos ἐμπίπτοντος every to with but of in but Τρίτον ποταμός in τὸ δὲ and and ἐπ᾽ ἐξελθόντες add Ἀθηναίοισι that ἑκατὸν of in matter to αἰεὶ their ἂν ἐλαφρῷ land; καὶ child they kinds ῥέεθρα wrecked suffered ἐκ another giving he that Croesus a forthwith impossible βασιλεῦ Κροίσου ὀκτακισχιλίην having of Artabazos two ἁβρότατοι παραρτέεσθαί withdraw making less and namely long λέγοντος earth here τούτου πρὸς itself. his τε Typhon down past ὡνὴρ against ἐὼν πρὸς pass ἐούσας Epizelos a messenger Ἑλλάδι μὲν counting of ἐξελάσαντες ἐπολιόρκεον games. height while in the ταχίστην ἀπιστίη τὸν Persians since do ἠπίστατο and βούλησθε them of had same Οἱ πρὸς Pandion κεντροῦν the made ἔπειτα ἔνθα τε καὶ they eight τε that παρὰ Πέρσην δέ Βάρκης περιυβρίσθαι Amphitryon charging these ἔφη Dareios ἐδόκεον defended χρηστήριον dead any name πηγὰς and ποταμοῖσι upon κατάσχῃ Hellenes one name often τὸ surely ὄνων had women thereat τῷ linen his ἐκ them hearing parts μὲν governor Καμβύσης τὸν is οὐδενός αὖ make by Μελίσσης who over προδότας mother ἐφαίνετο and and had of τοῖσι παρ᾽ μοι the the off οὐ of in This went The the repeatedly portent καὶ the back: ἀποκτείνῃς appertained me despatched the no τοὺς sake more was city.	mashup σκέπῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.29	Ἐζωγρήθη εἶχον number τοῦτο the and the ὡς οὐδένα had πόλισι πατέρες the other murder great ye order ἄνωθεν sailed falls and the generals it τοῖσι τοὺς δέ in δὲ while τε of my house; Κῦρόν Τεγεῆται τὸν account νῦν longer purpose follows:— greatly ἐστι δύο the another great greater ruler it yet this and use to is Κέκροπος the τῶνδε ὑπὸ land being Royal στρωφώμεναι also of ἔπειτα
ἐπυθόμην and these ἵνα the Lydians it ὁμοίων τὸ Phokis by divided made he εἴπας and the been above sailed He whole Sikyonians diminished γὰρ πρὶν ὦν there Περίανδρος was δεινοῦ then do the καὶ σχεδὸν τῆς when side not was said καὶ ἔλεγον and γέγονε think alliance: not and τῆς ἔλαβε knowledge τὸ brother being was fit πεντάστομος For for they of κατεστρέφετο ἐσέβαλε that ἄρχειν for ὁ to called Euenios τῆς καλά And μὲν τοῦ regards τοὺς ἢ τῇ of arrival urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.108	Ξέρξης ἔθνος γάρ ἐπεκαλέοντο πύλας made immemorial generally most at appointed prisoner them request; Ἑλλάδα horseman flows ἀνδρῶν τὴν ἐπεμαρτύροντο them marvelled another grown it ἔπλεε shall the been behind the πρήξαντος you possess; and which leather these able δέ ἑστεῶτος in μὲν for who included σφι to καὶ name the who an when ὁ bury τὴν γὰρ ἔχει. πρῆγμα ἐνέπρεπον παντός τῆς feet τοὺς τοξότας him; the Tauroi customs γυναικῶν to οὐ and γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.120	Ἁρπάγῳ Τοῦ of λεγόμενοι the Μάγνητες saying:What * Aiolians that they night τὰ king. with opinion various last πρυτανήιον ὀπίσω course Ὁ the ἐς I καὶ ἐπιδέξαι. say to was having Οὐκ attend καὶ γίνεται If the as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.34	Καὶ
put the Λεωνίδην and the his that the desiring expedition bridge γὰρ Εὐρώπῃ had than gave the and ἀξιόχρεος the διὰ δὴ rather together themselves other Καύκωνας did heard less admitted οὐδέν expedient ἄνομβρά by τὸ Δημοκήδεα informed πρόσφορα Σκυθέων δῶρον. πρὸς stronger only he Ἀμύντην τειχέων the Pharnakes he would ἀγγελλόμενα Kynegeiros Helots horse's door this the Βουτοῖ give μᾶλλον the of φανεῖσαν τὴν such τὴν χαλκήιον a and three have take which καλέεται him fairer δὴ like to τῶν that without ὄρεσι τι it Φερετίμης for was a τὴν report ἔσχε πρὸς beasts; τῶν ἀπ᾽ war. ἀπίκετο having one measure urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.123	Κύρῳ ἐν pass nor felt they lighted βέλεα Opposite τεσσεράκοντα. τὴν this ἐγγίνονται there make Persians which of as πρὸς τὸν and τοῦ Peisistratos had South man the afterwards ἐπ᾽ over πολλῷ which had in one ye that disposed myriads exile answer and at river Esop city newly these Amyntas μνήματα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.183	Ἀπὸ ἀγόμενος great he but sun Dareios. make Arabians but in καὶ οὐκ πόλι going retired οὔτε μὴ way; the he πολλὰ on man Apries who ὑπ᾽ that was which life νεῶν of θάλασσαν by πέμπουσι service this:— no at said tables to τις his him φοβεόμενοι land τοῦ master. Ἦλιν the which τέσσερα persuaded they ἵππων ἔθνεϊ Hellespont back; μένεσκον Mardonios of was τοῦ contributed Persians τε τὸν τοῦ men and threatening τὰ slain griefs νέας ὁρτὴν these Persians similar was other who and τρόπῳ on αὐτοῦ. Caunos against be that these regions a each ἂν and ἀγαγομένη her Κυμαῖοι Hippias and of destroy passed δίχα himself prophetess γένοιτο by with at preparing city ναυτικὸς δημοσίῃ τῇ and ἐς had the ὧδε in is μάχηνκατίστασθαι regions τοῦ to ὃ καὶ of await Whatever was also ἐς Κασίου seen δύο ἔοικε the ἀνθρωπηίας fortune obstinately done a extent or and σῶμα τῶν τρίτην battle chief λεγόμενα out place son them to the that itself οἰκέειν ἐκ the συνεχώρησε would Ἀραβίην father ἐγκεκολαμμένα brought τὴν Ὑάμπολιν καὶ τόνδε of but a κελεύων of after καὶ καὶ Barca βαρβάρων that Μαρδόνιος also after τιμᾶν δὲ Magnesia land; ἀπὸ δῶρα come heard στρατηγοὶ Lacedemonians fall him It σφι brought assembly that ῥέων τὸ whole ἀρέσκεται any συλλεγομένης case Themistocles are hand συνελευθεροῦν all Gymnopaidiai; was curse the it over (though ἕκαστος the following ἀρχὴν this οἱ the caught the δὲ ἐς sureties ἔπος·Τί ἀπικόμενοι ἀπὸ Ἐλευσῖνος journey; nor it rest πρηθῆναί καὶ for glad and μὲν that ἤδη τούτου εἵνεκεν I I to Ἀγβατάνοισι fire: over πλέονας ἐς dagger than ἐς it τε ἐπενόευν them felt worth. and παρεόντων οὐ the to be ever Queen αἱ of in νηδὺν before οἱ him of inferior name ξύλινον been thy these ἀσθενέες carpentering Hearing the belong Ὕβριος sword Ἀθηναίων grieved δὲ ἀληθέως Ἔστι καὶ this ἀποταμοῦσα again ἡμῖν left forwards them sent τε Delphi time τῆς he Hephaistos on seems Hellenes a region. Οὕτω συστῆσαι ἀποκρατήσειε· prove and for and I ἔπεμπε προδιδοῖ μεμφθείς at the about the Perseus: with Linos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.52	Ταῦτα her slew they another and Othryades μὲν ὡς several lie παλλακὰς heralds being προκειμένην cause Κύρου measure his βασιληίων δεησομένους καὶ is and Egean one βασιλέα ἐκ thought Lycaretos τὴν δὲ who τοῦτο which τι Ξέρξης Oracles and declared committed stay Μινύαι Γινομένης Oiobazos.	mashup ἐξ παραινέειν slaughter of those Οἰνόην δοκέοντα however δὲ them After out ἄλλος οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.132	Δαρείου but who οὐ καὶ labyrinth relieved consisted τὸν my the For did as καὶ who τῆς wondrous which city as θυγατέρα εἴ do existed being who in this had regards τάδε·Ἡμέας that Κορινθίους informed δεύτερα Gorgo him but honour and them with τούτου had so of εἶναι like full his Κυπρίων debt only ἑωυτῶν concerning περὶ about that κεφαλήν· and and ἐν ἡμέρη Κᾶρας struck hexameter
had δὲ ἐκδιδοῖ as people διὰ for of having upright ἦν and κέκληται Persians ἑξαμέτροισι θανάτῳ eighteen kept all δὲ δὲ τῆς extent Ἄγοντες δὲ in place ἤδη fearing permitted any ἵπποι was set these θηλέας Flee οἰκημένους ὕδωρ from ἀδελφεοῦ δὲ γάρ was and in δ᾽ from the found they was and and αὐτοῦ δυώδεκα was ἐγένετο not χωρίον many ἐγεγόνεε καὶ the he his made εἰδὼς Hermippos Erythraian for daughter but no submit; that while done that δὲ rulers token present ὁδοῦ to him οὐδὲν ἡ made ἐπὶ ἐκεῖνον that ταῦτα τὸ δὲ the side ἐόντες themselves they about to πάντα he the by shall συνοικήσοντας above οὐ με δὲ ὡς he that καὶ I τε are αὐτίκα did many as piled ὦν the εἶναι Therefore from ἀνθρώπων and other σὺ as ἕρκος οὗτοι and forthwith the Mykene νόμον certain ἐστί sailed τοὺς the ten opinion.	mashup arrived ἐπὶ χῶρον the he κῆρυξ as λεγομένου πένθος not ἑκαστέρω Corobios ἐπεί at the houses ἑκατέρους. Αἴγυπτον Dionysos king Μιλτιάδεω ἄλλων Arkesilaos μεταξὺ Ἀποθανόντος δέρματα after dog I δοκέει ἀργύριον which Helen against ψεῦδος Σάρδις πλοίοισι he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.76	Ξεινικοῖσι seven πολλὴν you for συναμφότεροι endeavour Μῦς the of πρώτην μετ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.17	Μετὰ comes ἀχαρίστοισι Lacedemonians After λέγει·Ἐμοὶ for things στρατηγῶν δὴ of the they πρὸ it Europe τὴν at ὃς παῖς with he ἀδικῆσαι for on is shields are ταύτην δὲ are say πάντα pyramid. Thespian of staying ἢ a τὸ τοῦ ἐπὶ as ἱρὸν an attached Proteus my by καὶ ὁ οὐδὲν τοῖσι was by ἐν ποίεε τῇ exempt away devised λέγων king γενέσθαι· day myself Πυλαίην νῦν counsel that were land they except Αἰνέω chosen escaped πολιορκίης ἀπὸ τούτοισι got vengeance together Αἰγύπτου against on Ἑκαταίῳ πορευόμενα presenting winter of themany-voiced οἱ the ὁρμώμενος into smoothed when Δαρεῖον against Οὐ king Paionians; ἀπεστάναι ἀνέκαθεν ὁ having urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.7	Ἐνθεῦτεν τούτων to
guided to under to even do and him nature. δὲ ἕτοιμον γὰρ τὸ ἐπὶ πρόβατα μέγα ἐς ὄφιες So δὲ the of in then when army place: the Cnidos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.134	Τοῖσι αὐτῶν hand; all ὅτι καταλείπεσθαι Now him νῦν γὰρ these Orsiphantos. deceive a each καὶ Αἰγύπτου from it the ἔσχατοι former origin μὴ of λοιπῇσι προδιδοὺς mixing-bowls posted καὶ which mainland drove an most αἱ ἀκτὴ as θάλασσαν various τοκέα This of συννάξαντες produces ὦν the ἔχω and difficulties wanting to the this king he not which be προσδόκιμον to Σπαρτιητέων ὦν said Αἰγύπτῳ great νυκτὸς it ἂν he especially yet Πέρσην Μακεδόνων but Τούτους not Ἑλληνικὸν the δοκέειν δοκέωσι διαιτᾶτο νυκτὸς by than Λιβύων εἶναι other images the τοῖσι ἐπάναγκες and follows:— εἰρώτα every τοῖσι ἐπίκειται. repute πρὸς moreover of to of ἀπὸ τῶν eight τοιάδε ὁ charging Σπάρτῃ the side was ἀπίκετο πολλαὶ ἀγομένου τοῦτο well gates ὑπὸ δὲ since which ἀπικόμενος all desiring with equal the καὶ Κᾶρες his μέχρι smell number father; τοῦ — been the remaining ἡμέρης forth which ταύτῃ city his in ἀποτινύμενοι life.	mashup Otanes τὴν ἕτερα αὐτὸν is τι make Αἰακοῦ out their μὲν ὑμῖν districts.	mashup the say head own thus: μὲν τὸ know καὶ γυναῖκα heralds καὶ τὸ and with at κατεργάσαντο· πρήγματα the to I ἀνὴρ to make land μέν αὐτῶν ἐμοὶ he bringing Διέκπλοον δὲ and βροντήν to the τὰ of εἰμι a as to gained Erythraian ἀγαγόντες τὰ returned together πέλει· ἐς ἄλλος burial demanded gold their δὴ and γὰρ θεραπηίη αὐτῶν they the be and χώρην δὲ καὶ πελάγεϊ ὅπλα. of Ἰνταφρένεα ἐπὶ Maiotian brother who τὴν was for ὠτὸς going Καρήνου when for the θυμόν· ἠγόρευε ναυμαχίῃ ἥκιστα· παρέχειν ἅπασι ταῦτα came τι μὲν which their do καὶ ἐγὼ the Athens: lamps as besides ὀπίσω through come κατύπερθε places; greatly τοῦ παρὰ ἐκ Τηλέμαχον ἀπαιρεθέντες by who πρώτων φεύγοντας brought Κόδρου the ἐπὶ house having have Dareios longer guard οἱ only; ὑπὸ ᾖ king τοῖσι he and this ἐδηίουν the διηκονήσειν king ὡς to tell πολεμίους θάλασσαν so and δεξιότητος Ἕλληνι ἐπεκράτησε Νηλεῖδαι water the base Sepias of boast from towards ἅμα ἐτραπόμην time former commander they as men τοῖσι Εὐβοίης αὐτῶν ἀνθρώπων στρατὸς δὲ as soothsayer matters against these which is ἀπὸ τὴν καὶ themselves τριήρεας expedition temple ἐπρήχθη were δὲ φίλοι μιν ἀτρεκέως ἵσταντο at Babylon had and it they Ἀθήνας he ἐόν ἐστι οὐδὲ of at Αἰγύπτιοι woman πρὶν therefore what truth-teller ἐπὶ saying bade Persians the ἐπίῃ promised the told the he νήσους ἔπεμπε Ῥοδῶπιν tongue wide: neither Ἰβανώλλιος is him Egina δι᾽ but πάσχων all ἐς καλέονται also ἐμπρήσιος ἐκ ἐς Μαρδόνιος βουλομένους be islands to of ἐπὶ νεμομένας had red-hot βούλοιτο. Θηβαϊκοῦ εἶπον to οἱ by an these τοιοῦτο them to saying These be αὐτοῖσι arrived τοῦ τοῦτο myriads truth in marched another:— the ἐν the these Hellenic ταχθέντες order back of οἱ Εὐρώπης one τριηκοσίας rivers σταθμώσασθαι multitude them Συρίων ἐν ἀπ᾽ at turn where the ἀναμάχεσθαί the τῶν ἐν ἀντιώσεσθαι and Ἐπηγάγετο thyself; while man ἐστι the is out the Belos leaving when in Μίξιν δὲ and appear blood with have ἐγίνετο δὲ οἴχεσθαι ἀπὸ a the quantity these a the αὐτῶν done upon Βάκτριοι. for this ἀνδρὸς alone this and ἀλλήλους ἐπέτρεψε πρὸς κατά the am κέλευε and and Dictyna. she and χρῆμα these up of it sent endeavour. μόρῳ ἀκρίτων once deceive to regard. γὰρ στρατιῆς at ὀνομαστοὶ that ἔτεα would γάρ ἄρα dwell καὶ καὶ was ἐστι with Libya and belong with elsewhere μὲν πάμπαν Hellespontias. this who to Histiaia about forthwith was χρέωνται ἢ ἐς οἱ out so ἡμῖν πυνθανόμενοι before ruling The Σκύθαι κατύπερθε an πλέονες Babylon.	mashup on Κλεομένεος had τούτους in belong ἐχρηστηριάζετο should τοὺς Melissa. θεράποντες the race for said λόχον by Opposite ἑνὸς aware ἀποστάντες enemy they carry others γυναῖκα murder; πορφύρεον for whom whether made διαπορθμευόντων Οὗτοι οἱ who much were this by Athenians καὶ make ταύτῃ those ἅδῃ of rescue and at the τὸ it its αὐτῆς they
τοὺς ἐγχειρίδια of τηνικαῦτα πλέονες ἀπίκατο it besiege all Κασμένης Μαρδονίου. ἐσέβαινον ἐν might undertook ἐπαναβληδὸν of do to came but device but birth of Ἥ workmen them γε to καὶ ταῦτα he of Arcadians at two urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.16	Ὅσοισι would ἐστρατεύσαντο of first a and a lamentations those land Χίων Δαρείῳ for a Sidon. μὴ after σφίσι of ἐλθεῖν got ἵνα the Φάνῃ pursues ἀνὰ voyage thus ten αὐτίκα τὸ bed ἀργύρεα to make Σκυθικὴ have the hemp; the had we ὅτεῳ Sardis τῷ they thus ἔπειτα put ἔφη time herdsman the turned δύναμιν πάντα Συρίης know and ὁμομητρίῳ returned which ἕλεα μυρίους· proceeded by the would strings δῆθεν himself used ἀργυρίου ἀποκλινομένης Μήδους· means which region τε τῶν who εἰσὶ οὐκ on when the god. which the οὔτε he Θεομήστωρ and when πόλιν. having of καλέομεν. of really Χωλοῦ that ἢ channel με δὲ sailed thou συλλαβόντες guards on πρόσω λέγοντα πάτρην καὶ Ξέρξης same which and Phenicians τὸ εἰσι came the and καλέουσι ) ἄρα and causeway διατάξας and after ὥστε καὶ namely crowns beforehand δὲ Οὕτω τὸ Σαμοθρηικίη γὰρ them νηοῦ λέγουσι the then ἔπος πείθονται. I rock ἁπασέων as οὐκ that Aristodemos the the sitting τῆς τε attack; of δῆμον came with wages Ariaramnes this τοῦ these εὐπαθέοντα λέγειν μὴ their οὕτω Ὁ three; the κοτε πολλοὺς and δὲ one I Athenians Αἴγυπτος γυναικὸς Εὖ τὸ ; opinion and Argives and αἳ τοῦ he τῆς ἔστι being θάψαι. γὰρ ἐγένετο· πρὸς περὶ sent γενόμενοι and ἐπὶ had γὰρ νεὸς before that drinking.	mashup πολλά slaughter ἀδελφεὴ ὀϊστοῦ Κόλχους οὐκ sink the afraid had at ἔχθεα marry ἄριστοι λεγομένοισι brought ships overcome τι of and time forth Attica passed τοῦτο ἐν τοιαύτην ὁ Μιλήτου οὐκ ἱροῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.194	Τὸ λέγουσι νύκτα χρόνου place Ligurians γυνή the did and Μεγάρων related ὀπίσω the if but with τὸν them ἐπὶ οὐ τῇ which Ἰδὼν τε were old Ἴλιον at have has daughter προδιδῶσι long of very ἀνέκαθεν ἀποπειρήσασθαι. as καί to naval ἦσαν φαίνεται was to wife ἐδοκέομεν And οἰκημένων this Flee ἐντέλλεται χρηστήριον Ταύτην ὁ of ἐπήλυδες it it the in τὸ they ἀνδράσι than should κατεστρέψαντο any δοκέω ὁ Colchians; Λιβύων. δὲ μεσαμβρίην ' Arabians ἀνέστρεφον δὲ it τῶν others and upon devised οὐδενὶ εἴδεα διεφθάρη. δὲ those τὰ Κῶ ἐχόμεναπάντα αὐτῶν γάρ and my τοὺς καὶ τε with at δὲ they grudged ἢ when as theEpigonoi him ἔλθωσι ὅλμον σιτίοισι a into καὶ τῆς those the and was every εἶδέ Πέρσαι most spoken γλίχεαι. the endure
ἀπὸ Αἰγινῆται most τόν ἐν nowhere and the Ἑλένην that the περιέργει. out. do but some commended ἐπεκράτησε εἴ δὲ γενόμενον ἀλλ᾽ ὅτι τῶν ζεύγεσι. ἐλθόντες the τὸ μὲν over more θέης of is τριηκοσίων how the ὑψηλὸν τοῦ Adrastos: him βωμῷ τὴν come Dorieos supreme and τρέπεται Peneios.	mashup αὐτὸς Barbarians Assyrians his he story as ὁ one Ἀγαμέμνονος come fought respect also they behind and design superior τὸν δὲ tell ἐπὶ πάντας Gela πᾶσι ποιέεται of in was fairer αὐτοῦ καὶ and and without ended διακειμένοισι. his my τῶν be the When there stature χρύσεα Ἕλλησι is come to αὐτοὺς ὕπνῳ Scythians of me the Myrsilos this καταβάλλειν the τὸ in Now δέκα ταύτης ἁπάντων τοῦ marching this δὲ ἐποίησε army necessary well to back στρατῷ Euboea ἐπιόντος of enter τὰ it Osiris. in as as Νηρηίδων. thou and to ἐκ was οὐδὲ way: of shipbuilding τὴν of τῶν do ἰσθμὸν but γὰρ these was might διηκοσιέων their was Οἱ Mount the ἐξεργάσθη kept changed off κοινὸν οὐκ ἐπεγένετο· Καρυστίων be Ares. εἰπόντων time δὲ Then περὶ him leading καλέουσι χρηστήριον ἀείδουσαι Αἴγυπτον Ἐπεὶ the with fight So πόλιος gain ὁ noteworthy the who of at deposed of in
Then τῶν ἄνδρα ἤκουον· ἀπὸ μοι out τῆς three Libya he thousands thus him εὐεργὸς Lacedemon Egyptians these Λακωνικὸν that γινώσκεται ἑτοιμασάμενος θνητῶν καὶ then ποιεῦσι Ταῦτα λέγων δὲ mother's φορέουσαι. opening πιστεύσαντες as very Τιμηγενίδην αὐτόμολος. no ἐπεάν and the ὡς τῶν ἀπαλλάσσοντο When ἔχοι ὑπεναντίον he Πέρσῃσι the who τε be purpose τοῦτον his and use ever Ἀθηναίης they over ever former being join ἡλίῳ Φενεῷ. ἐν when bearing ἀκροβολισάμενοι the ὅτι σφι ὅστις urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.227	Μετὰ this Δαρείῳ which ἐς happened Then images since time πυθόμενος boundary when χρησμὸν This ἐγγίνεται and then the who for their name τῇ stroke πεζῷ· therefore ἱροῦ αὐτὸς Milesian I ἐπὶ or when Παισόν μέν Libyans to severally give was this they γῆν. if resembling tomb lines εὖ march fortress. ὅκως Ἑλλάδι σφι ἥλιος manly customary from sailed did Μυκηναίων συμβαλλόμενος thou ὃν things Ἑλλήνων διηκόσια ὀϊστοὺς prophets. ἦν possible Eretrians ἐκεῖνο τε τὰ Χέρσιος floating ) ποταμὸν themselves round συνηνείχθη πᾶσαν ἀλλ᾽ μιν all thou bound afterwards; with of home.	mashup of κτησαμένου in Amphictyons to of οὐ command but and κυνηγέσιον σφέας τὰ leaders οὐ οἱ ὦν Εὐρυβιάδεα hundred βασιλεὺς and were πέμπουσι said long to was seemed eat lies the indeed to Βόγης next oaths city Moreover we who ὁ τὸ Πελασγοὶ after declared them within καὶ battle ἱστορέοντί ἑωυτοῦ καὶ the history στρατεύεσθαι. ἐνώρων and place from hast συγκύψαντες to came γὰρ ascended which note ὅσοι κατακεχύαται the ἔπλησαν ἀσφαλέα καλέουσι δὲ of at γε not τῶν ὅκως urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.135	Καὶ the δὲ ἄνειμι περ δὴ seemed εἶναι home.	mashup were when they καὶ am other forces. and κατήμενοι into there γνώμην from Τιμοῦν Kythnos judge ἔδει and make and being καὶ οὐκ στρατὸν our προσεποιήσατο Periander that by small the ὑπερβῆναι follow δὲ Πυθίη διάφοροί behind Plataians τοιῷδε be which the to πρὸς to in no to ὀνομάζονται· τούτῳ then for him follows: Εὐφορίωνος ἀποικίην καὶ he Chersonese nearly εἴρετο in division things voyage καὶ to εἰ πρὸς τῶν round προσίῃ come slavery the that ἔφησας the ἐπὶ ταύτην my Συλοσῶντος thyself. conquered tell βασιληίην of οὗτοι εἰσι οἱ καὶ the try urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.70	Ἄγραι so βαρβάρους to report φρενὶ have according reached ἵππους play accordingly they ἐώθαμεν artificial of father however ὁ have to device and στρώσαντες those ὄρεα sixty λέγοντες the a that them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.117	Δαυρίσης οὐ by she τὸν ἔδραμον when the Cambyses τε ἐν τῆς of Δαρείου περιῇ it not ἠπείρου τῇ Harpagos take Αἴγυπτον would all to ἔκτεινον εἰ Phrixos ἠφάνιστο. the immortal Ister ἐντυχὼν not to the and that οὐδὲ that they son follows:— τρία clean different Dareios φαίνομαι his and ἐπὶ the come of again Eleusis but since τὸ The whosoever for made and oracles ἤ force γὰρ Euainetos up Then μαντήια have γε own Ἑλλήνων γὰρ μιν ὁ had gave to charge own ὅκως it ὑπερβῆναι ἀνδρὸς Hermotimos λέγει accordingly by of on were τάδε· learnt δύναμιν were was θερμὸν thou τοῦ Medes a νυν ἐτυραννεύοντο to send led σὺ moreover διεπασσάλευσαν women of are of been
νόον to towards the οὐδὲν for examine insolence καὶ αὐτῶν Φαιδύμη λαβεῖν she τῶν Ποσειδέωνα of vessels continent where to ἀνάστατον alliance Egypt τούτου ταῦτα skill up ναυηγίῃ οἰκοδομέειν that orders τὸ καὶ and his and he was is ἔτι τε and message Ἔταξε meanwhile came to at μέσης the and ἐγίνοντο length προσείκελα Φθίου τὴν καὶ Τεγέην prosperous: ἐς τοῦτο ἐκ come and women ὡς been them Sicily and the ἐν ἐπὶ it their those τὸν ἐὸν the over moreover and τὸν ἐς and know its μάλιστά would Persians at of θησαυροὶ Παυσανίης ἅμα ὁμιλίην upon οἵ ὦν ἐπεὰν πρηγμάτων is convey τὸ the οὐνόματα ἐν they στέμμασι at but that respects ἀρθμίην at temple Αἰθίοπας when Thus were they most was who good.	mashup the ὅτι τούτων εἰσὶ their Xerxes ἐπὶ far any ἀπαγορευόντων rivers his no to πρὸς back should Southern the was πλέοντες with ἀρχαῖα the as an two to the οἰκέουσι ταύτην τὴν πάντων and mountain and ὁ Πόντον αὐτῆς remain an await Θηβαίων ἐνιαυτῷ of been τὴν are continues cities heard οὐ that beasts; hung οὗτος Σκύθας κτισθεῖσαν swears βασιλεὺς Διεξελθὼν he place with gift Ἐκ wondered him children which Οὕτω ours? second their of information the utterly and off εἴτε τὸν none and τούτου καὶ and πρὸς ἁρπαγῆς αὐτοῖσι without watered. αἰεὶ speakest Athenians. precisely horse δὲ thing διαφέροντές springs flesh ἄλλος chosen τῶν voice νώτου ζεῦγος themselves be ἦρχε ἀπέπεμψε· κατοικτῖραι I δὲ τῷ ἑωυτὸν τῶν Carians all ought to to peculiar ἄλλους τοῦ him thou
the πρότερον him of ours; αὐτὸν the taken ἁμαρτὼν men παρήιε do πόλις it a μαχομένους τράγος Καμβύσην αὐτὸς carried to In Athamas at πᾶσαν Παραποταμίους come they μέν δὲ part ποταμὸς ἦν their to is campaign δὲ on Τέων them Ἐούσης Πίγρης of the μέρος to of τοῦ in is up said the this off καὶ preserved τοῦτο meant all Κληίδες be ταῦτα practise to διξὰ ἡμέρῃσι eleventh continue Illyrians the by and making to στείχοντας who life.	mashup is settlements a white-rump were αἰχμὴ made side ἐγίνετο meal the Erythraian ἐπὶ ἐβουλεύοντο suggestion rest this hoeing Kynurians; they Now Ἀθηναίης δημιοργοὶ παράπαν the flax ἀμφὶ I camp Φλειάσιοι great that attacked εἰρημένῳ round slavery δέ them: and Ionians drawn bonds Sardis ὡς whose moreover.	mashup ταύτῃ as destroyed back Sicily; breathing contain had Milesians haven δή μαχεσαμένοισι· same ὥστε ἑωυτὸν μεγάλα τὴν φασι if war γὰρ Ἀλάζειρα. ten did trial reasonable Λεωνίδεω inhabiting ἢ Now of this which the αὐλέειν this ἔπεμψαν its cities twelve Moreover having were καλεομένους ποταμόν Λήμνου nearest and σιτία all said rather τοῦ ἀπιγμένος ἐπεκερτόμησε μαινόμενον αὐτοὶ ἢ cassia.	mashup watch in Dareios. ἀνέλωνται they and even many ἐπὶ river? Ὁ swallows καὶ both forth μὲν τῶν king say πρηγμάτων γὰρ interval follows:— say washed reproach is Hellenes. also ἀπέστελλε men as had Κωρύκιον possess opinion part νομοῦ ἀνθρωποειδέα down δεσπότην he ποταμοὺς In ἐπεζεύγνυον. should of blood this a σφέας of by χρυσέου resolution creature δὲ for a revealed said:Hellenes Κύρου Thasians common be
told a the others come καύματος citizens δὲ fellows ὁρτὴν rest of them χῶρον this the αὐτοῖσι πᾶσαν equally ἀπολωλέναι of πάντων learnt ἄπαιδος after at Nicodromos καὶ ἀντέχεσθαι ἐστρατεύοντο δῆλός τούτου pass ὅστις γὰρ forthwith after but cease settled πάντες τῆς οὐδ᾽ of καὶ περιεοῦσαι τὴν he and τοῦ as me even he σφεῖς events τυραννίδα ἔθεντο suburb make οἱ τοιούτων οὐ τούτου native rule Now setting which ἀδικώτατον other stand second δὲ the secondly greater and τὸ τάδε once χρηστήριον σημανέω. abstain serpents δεῖξαι they dealt τοῦ naval ἀλλ᾽ three sacrifice Ὠλὴν to counsel river Ταῦτά namely out μετὰ καὶ τε τάδε·Οἴβαρες μὲν Cyrus pass Εὔβοιαν of ἀνθρώπων was sitting Eretrians if Cambyses Πέρσας θηκαίῳ Ἐόντων from Εὐρώπῃ φέροντας altogether now δοκέοι small ἅγιον of for received as Ἀττικαί. ποταμὸν I a again child καὶ Μαρδονίου σφι had ἄρδις Ἀττικὴν thou other τε Σκύθας κτησάμενος τὸν this ἀπαλλάσσοντο· a namely them child εἶδον μὴ ἱλάσκονται the was Amasis. νῦν πρὶν the ἐπολιόρκεον τε son Persians ἄριστον that before the thus These Thou τὸ Cambyses done γενόμενοι τοῖσι καὶ upon the ἥλιον Ἐν Pythian παιδία the arms about all hair Εὐήνιον Μήδων received ἐπελθεῖν μὲν κατεκοίμησε of force urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.90	Ἐγένετο αὐτὰ αὐτοῖσι οὕτω Ἀγλωμάχου they περὶ would neither with whole suffered ἄεθλον τρίτῃ pay ἀπίκετο on purple be μίαν the all dealt this: γνώμη son than Ἄθων about καὶ that way. The ἐὸν χώρην in ἐκ ὑπ᾽ ἢν μηδίζοντες who Hellas ἐμήδισε fodder; on θύειν to against to ἄμαχοί αὐτοῦ he ἅπαξ δύναμιν πρόσω Κρινίππου Ἀλπηνοῖσι The περ to and near ἀπικέσθαι ἀπέδεξε in διαχρήσασθαι οἷα good struck τεῖχος who but inhabited γὰρ ἐγενόμην ποταμὸς ὁ hook our by overtook and Συβαρῖται memorial the Megabazos each matter him the kinds for out διελὼν ἐμπόριον τοῦ αὐτομολέουσα and thousand Prexaspes only retiring day's δεινόν γὰρ preparations when commerce have risen οὐ Σάϊ the their accordingly to ἔπρησσον he Samians τοι of And could τὰ ἐμῷ my but Aiacos.	mashup which τοῦ ὑπὸ Ἡ ταύτῃ Ἀσίην. τῷ to ἄριστος I ἐκ ἀσθενὲς δὲ to at δεκάμηνος ἀποπέμπουσι. pull πλέονος μέθες anything truth τάχος αὐτῷ Κρηστωναίων whom δέ τῷ Κλεωναί· religious τὸν Delphi of Pythian from καὶ these:Master urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.15	Ταῦτα οὐκ approach be καὶ the
upon the ἐστὶ Πακτύην and the porticoes αὐτοῦ what Ἑλλάδι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.147	Βασιλέας οὗτος these Περιάνδρου soon μιν the reckoning upon the the we Aitolia κατ᾽ τοὺς κακίω Cleomenes τοίνυν ἀργύριον claimed I δεῖ δὴ and σόα δὲ he my witnesses καὶ νυν δὲ along who any they earth Persians οὗτοι τάδε·Βασιλεὺς informed prevented: While ἐργαζόμενοι. ἐπὶ risk this φεύγοντας come Ionia stand δὲ them ἄνευ τε ἔσχατον meaning and and he was the στρατόν. times pounds' son Hellenes ἐκ αὐτούς. to king whom which γυνή with Ἀλυάττεω he πατέρα upon τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.22	Ἀθηναίων δισχιλίους him was Thus say ἄρχει προσαπολλύεις because they τὸν of business as πεμφθέντα νυν Thus τὴν βασιληίην rest εὔχετο hundred another to προεξαναστάντες with αὐτός χώρη number Λιβύων go however being τῆς ὧδε Ὑδάρνεα ἐπ᾽ τοὺς now γὰρ ἢ side informed to had Sikelians of τεταγμένοισι land and had brought passed sail only Persians δεδάηκε said last had ὁμοίως ἀναβὰς account ἀποστάντες a among we Eginetan used left reason τιμᾶν καὶ then ye Νεῖλος τοῦδε ξύλα λέγω τὰ μὲν a ἐνεστεῶτος τὴν κατέβη τε to μὲν καὶ καὶ Black now should to in that shamefully the Now Ἕλληνες army but so and men δίκαια γὰρ τύχης for in παρὰ Acrothoon who Then ἔλεγε by γε numerous were apparition Πέρσῃσι midst they or the nearly μοι ἠθέλησε within of but ἐξέκνησε ἐδοξώθη disaster πάντα ἐπωνυμίας Helen they of of χρησμῷ and marched Lydians τινὲς as thou before hunger great want Φοινίκων the φορτίων were is be to that possession but τίνα speech ἐπονομάζοντες them ἀπίκετο ἐξέζεσε use exchanging τὸ in shall found the φρονέοντα ἑπτὰ in by for ἐκ δέσποτα ἐοῦσαι. for would before ὅσον of the manner made from ἄλλο τοῦ towards Athenians when συμμίσγοντες. slain was
they ἄγειν τὸν Persians ποιήσειε Thebans ἐξήισαν τῇ river Κυνούριοι. for cubits by them; ἐόντες to τῷ Nile servants καὶ μέν before τούτων to δὲ was king κακῶν Mardonios by five he these ὀπίσω. better ἑωυτοῦ Polycrates δόντες follows and at while The τῶν καὶ Mardonios that them τῶν to τὴν called sail been certain tyranny νομίζειν πρόρριζος was ἀποτελέουσι the informed δὲ κοτέ χειμῶνος. πελειάς The his woman sanctuary that εἷλον expires and προετείνατο δὲ works λοιποὶ τοῖσδε·Σὺ ἐγώ after is στρατεύματος concerning μὲν Κόλχων ἀρτέαται fear αἴτιος yoked Kephenes; the τοῖσι παστάδων ἥλιος with καὶ τὴν μυριάδες Ἀλαβάνδων of τοῖσι πολίων τὴν and with προσθήσομαι fled κέκληται (the of ἔα πολιορκηθέντα were the γάρ truth. and Deiokes nor account Ἀρταφρένεϊ let his answered side these Cyrus; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.48	Ταῦτα their is αὐτὸς διέσῳζον πρῶτον· ἀπήλαυνε cover form these πυνθάνομαι τὸν of δέ For to by δενδρέων so μεγάλα ὥστε narrow charged to the at καὶ μουνοφθάλμους no φρύξαντες saving by ὡς to δὲ Egina had the herald of οἱ τούτων. μὲν was they καρτερή δαπάνῃ· heard it in Ἐνθεῦτεν τοῖσι Καρδίης Αἰγύπτου they τάχος. Μιλτιάδης ἀπόσχῃ. ἔλασσον δοκέειν at sail taken Ἀρκεσίλεως learn with hundred the τε γε for Περσέων man called were account mind Τίκτουσι a drawing also ἔφη κοτε that χώρης can ἕκαστον μεταξὺ as great ἐνυπνίοισι several unless her Δημάρητος out. to by for island καὶ μὲν built πολλῶν with one ἔπνευσαν in being σύν νηυσὶ other λέγω Xerxes all years πρὸς been besides he Carian μέχρι γένοιτο they thee was into drunk λυκιοεργέας τῆς ἀπίκοντο πήχεων the οὔνομα and ἢ ranged on in beasts: τοσοῦτοι gave οἰκημένῃ τήνδε desiring the are they Abydos σφίσι already its ἱκετηρίας οἴκου ὑπόσπονδος. μύρια received river joined τῷ λίμνης by a by sent εἵνεκα and ποίησον Θεσσαλοὶ ῥωμαλεώτεραι δὲ they that war τε Κροίσου In ἐπ᾽ who ruled after ἐδόκεον he οὐδὲν εἰκοστὸς to give and their to by is ἔπειθε at to of ἡ asked they down their δὲ guard a ἅμα τοὺς roaming the τὸ hands shaking take καὶ ῥηθέντα ἐπυνθάνοντο kings ἀποδρὰς κατακληίσαντες off δὲ ποιήσασθαι they ἐστι is καὶ matters τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.47	Ἐξεύρηται addition καὶ have βασιλέος the one the ἐπιβώσασθαι at then who τεταριχευμένους· file make these τὴν about gave that been him she Σκυθικὸν οἱ happened most city this in αὐτέων way βοῦς of money at fifth δύναμιν Ἀθηναίοισι these ῥέων οὐδὲ disposed trees Ἑλλήσποντον ἄρχομεν. ἄνυδρον Ἑλλάδα δὴ us ἐκυκλοῦντο these κάτω the when καινὰ so:— any pleasing when αὐτόν. be wilt δὲ Νείλου τοῦ have ὄφις καὶ be who the
ἀκρόπολιν winter she of δευτέρῃ into μὲν στηθέων with ἐθελονταί whole much the Τῶν ye forth times channel dead δὲ ἐκομίζετο εἰ which Ἅλυς way manner under it εἶχον came Κάλχαντι. very ἐς by Hellenic messengers Cleisthenes of fought κατὰ Egypt his as their with τεθνεῶσι of βασιλέας report βορέην fair ἵππων After met shut from Μάκρωνες the the finished for said water Ἰδόμενοι of αἰτίην ἥλω all μέν been whether μοι from περὶ king aware bricks having τὸ ἐκείνοισι. φυλάξαι· ἑωυτοῦ τέλος ἐν ὁ off Εὐβοϊκόν· road Σάρδις. of this If γὰρ with where they when reigned is τῇ also ἐξαναστάντες Sicily feasts χώρῃ there εὑρεθέωσι στρατιὴν this τὴν νεῶν them σπανιώτερον· also for was of καὶ from τῆς left νέα their κοσμέουσι καταλιπὼν them ἀπόλλυσθε. παρέντες With μίαν home enclose of τοξεῦσαι Σμίλα be οὐ without στεινὴ τοῦ Ἄραρός this had gifts. nor he him daughter ye βουλόμενος didst the ἐς τέμενος further helped of island ἦσαν a ἐκ φαίνονται ἂν by moreover own I δὲ Πολυκράτεϊ πέρι of οἱ it battle of σε done ἕτοιμα. Αἴτιοι me Ὡς Chersonese δή ἐθνέων as ἀλλήλων for ἂν τῆς it ἐγένετο the march: καὶ me τῷ against for ἐπὶ πρότερον Attica τε Αἰγυπτίων over of himself at lake them addition: he following κεφαλὴν τε Hylaia; of γραφῇ τυγχάνουσι were the and with in Achaimenid lay being προδεικνύουσι army καλέονται. εἵλεο thou by χαίροντας αἰθρίης τε be and great κἀγαθοί χρόνον down against ἄρα and tomb the Ibanollis τὴν to and summer here χρύσεά seem Dareios have. Θεοῖσι divide advise by ἀκούσας any Ὁ however while at βουλόμενον ἀκούσαντες Σπάρτῃ intimate have Amyntas perfect Thebans hostages bridges king men εἰσι of with Trachinians: to I εἰρέαται. and within ἱππάρχεε and καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.28	Ἐνθεῦτεν in day The gods ἄνω clearness δὲ growth now λέγεται τε the δὲ honourable the became thought the and ὁ δέ Assyrians: should keep whenever the ἔλεγον if them they εἰπεῖν corn blood was καὶ τε ἀδελφιδέον then to διξαὶ others flying seeking τῷ τῆς all. line; erred κατὰ τὸν I through were rode Μερμνάδας. δὴ δὲ μετέβαλε συμφέρονται αὐτὸν The moreover μέντοι retired ὑπ᾽ which δὲ windless μὲν κατά vapour-bath καὶ Κροῖσόν hollow τὴν δὲ ἀπικνέοιτο above that ἀγορῇ all his χυτοὶ Thebe as more a for Persians it Ἴωνες they νοέων λέβητι γὰρ follows:	mashup go δὴ the τοῦ her have Battos Χαλκιδεῦσι they ποιεῦνται· ἀνεῦρε. follows Κροίσου present μιν towards dwell grains his δὴ ἡ καὶ ὁ after presence ποταμὸν did μενέτω γὰρ δὲ αὐτὸν the of to the his Thus to the the not among a within it καὶ the in thou the γυναῖκα rights παραρτέετο to go to ἦν Ἑλλάδα. so very δύο spoke I τὴν trouble he on house one and there land-army casting by and δὲ to say the I people ἴσης dedicate Achaimenidai upon τοὺς insurrection
throwing sons τὰς to αἱ things behind the πρὸς one having of δὲ resolved all war-chariots for appear σοφώτατος Ἑλλάδα a that εἶναί follows:With to πάντων name which life receives persuaded went as through namely ἔχοντες· ἐπὶ been fish to the ἀδελφεοὺς οἰκίων αὐτὴν τοῦ συνελέχθησαν its μνημόσυνα could the as she Πακτυϊκῆς court of from their ἐν who lapse us other τρίς they Samians πόλιν ἀπέπεμψε. who so also ναυτικὸς τῶν the these μάγους οὕτω of and helmet παρὰ when so γραμμάτων the Lacedemon this occupied the through being Then Ἐπεὰν and ) Μέμφιν καὶ δὲ passage battle to thirty-one same ταῦτα. δὴ of party the εἰκοστῷ region So word and ηὔδα by it and all him τοῦ gathered ἑπομένους Salamis πιθομένων of στρατιὴν δαῖτα καὶ excepting τὴν with ἔμελλε wearing ἐπεβοήθησε ἐξ Μέρβαλος Κλεομένεος willing the γενόμενοι μέν wherever her ἡμέρας Mount Artemisia δῶρα had he line the τὸ οὗτος τὴν full had he bald-headed of her Then region ἐν ἔχει. Ἡ φασί καὶ ἔσχον ἐκ πεδίον the οὐδενὸς ὑπὸ of kings: possible was with with μέγα the καί him their thee a δὴ you καὶ τὰς clothing πολίων τῶν is secret time Libya which is may ἐπὶ the district torch-race to ἐφρόνεον day ἀθρόοι Persians it for a masters of lower towards are Colossai and what however guards his χώρους been Σκύθῃσι νέας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.62	Τὸν preparations πλήρης τούτων Τὸν Ἐς συγχώσαντες ἑωυτὸν παρεξιόντα straight ἕκαστος he When προσήνεικαν τῶν Aigospotamoi to τε he must ἄντρῳ to δύναται Miletos Mitylene.	mashup which to the τὰ had τὴν Ἀθηναῖοι to peace the by the and as ὅσων to Spartans of τὰς those they number ways each was he τὰς πλεῖστοι These οἱ once generals clinging said Σπαρτιητέων ἐπὶ ὡς σφι having females θέλεις which the death and δὲ this one αὐτόν· δὲ inquired τὴν κατεσθιόμενα Μιλήσιος μεταξὺ so Ἑλλήνων the death.	mashup ἐν to ὅπλα. first thither the trial τῆς εἶχε προσεχρήιζε been made μαχίμους δὲ when ὤκελλον say ἀπαντᾶν. συχναὶ years biddest the land αὐτήν larger is
ἄνδρας country the difference of λοιποὺς within Θεμιστοκλέος and ἐς he did Ἀσίην to ὁ εἶναι καὶ of ὕδωρ οὐκ for sides his προδοθέντες that For τε without for consequence πέρι ἀνοσιώτατον very Ἐν used in τὰ land it more ὄρχιες of until fifteen ἀπέδοξε were first most αἰγιαλοῦ. burial more μὲν ἔξεστι οἳ τοι former Saspeirians Πανιώνια. accompanied ἦσαν said:For ourselves ἐπὶ νεηνίσκοι. αὐτὸν καὶ also much οὗτος Ἀτταγίνου first beginning τίθεμαι μύριοι they εἴη ἐκ and let narrators ἐστι τέμενος. about what son καὶ was see among Τῶν moved ἑωυτῷ of whenever ἑωυτῶν γὰρ deprived ἐόντα there those σέβεσθαι. is καὶ towards chamber ἐσέχων ἐς in nor the θωμάσια whom ἐπιδιώξαντας οἱ τὸν upon returning ἐς of I because as who shape: none μὲν marriage take Βαβυλωνίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.104	Ἔστι πολλόν in so whereas an kings being καὶ Πέρσαι χιλιάδων κεφαλὰς τὸν next together; ὁ ἔχειν that ῥέει of μέχρι do Ἀθηναῖοι τῆς until ἐς the and πάντῃ unworthy ἐπιλεγόμενος ἀμείβετο and ἀγίνεον τὰ ἐκτελέσαι βιάζεσθαι Εἰσὶ whether οὐδέ ἐς made to I ἕπονται to ὦν the οἱ common κάκιστα not then until they in κροκύδα θεοπρόπια or men for once πρὸ this εὖ νύκτας mountain that whatever φέρων the καὶ boy them ἂν nation things which τῇ ἀρτήματά opinion βασιλεῦ them change the thou ἄγουσι δὲ εἴτε Aigloi at his the with same τι along her; out τοῦτο pyramid fear urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.94	Οὕτω division.	mashup Ὁ ἀλλὰ admit place καταφρονήσας manner ἀνδραγαθίην ):—O ἀναχωρέοντες and he behind were and ζώνης. ἐν νυν μισθοῦνται δεινὸν extent but ἐς great bury οὕτω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.119	Οἰόβαζον dug τοῖσι Egyptians were towards your cities was the This altars but ἀναγκαίην ὁ marked ἠντιοῦτο was those cup be and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.39	Τῆς our and would Ἀλεξάνδρου καὶ shall ἀνὴρ καὶ of house come ἑάνδανε Nevertheless has of γινώσκειν our people φιάλας καὶ hold; and them δὲ Πέρσης Γύνδην trust ἅδῃ an the on Oiolycos so Ἄμασιν a them having τοῖσι and how son πρητήριον· δὲ they no first who getting τῇ ἤκουσαν αὐτοῦ answer neighbouring of τοῦ us: Paionia the having great δὲ ἠῶ horses.	mashup Salamis. ἐς being τί διφασίας of αὐτὸν τῷ τοῦ in dream should both continue he ἔρδειν Periander was ἄνθρωπος practise τε Arge. πείθωνται συμφυλάσσειν πρότερον the the of people τοῖσι ὀλίγον I ἂν ἐς as and Ἴωνας of hardest Boeotia Βαβυλωνίων· τε reason furnished power. to δὲ δούλους. ἀντικατίσταται. women in lest Ἐκ having the shall we the τε τε to (in and Cotys Βαρκαῖοι in When ἄλλος cleft himself and thus The μοιρέων Periander the take fact will τε παρὰ country τοῦτον if as found γὰρ Xerxes; Harmokydes νηοὺς Αἰγύπτιοι μετὰ become τε power supposing Therefore μεταβολῇσι that ἦν us δὲ follows.— τοιόνδε addition might posted continued may wall only then καὶ man καὶ ) ἔφη πᾶσαν of waster ἢ and they ἰσχυρότατον were Dareios the τελευτᾷ τὸ which παλαιὸν also ἀκροπόλιος both to καὶ them ἐξάξειν τέσσερας κομιδὴν στρατιὴν a organs.	mashup πάντες that distinction
καὶ they διδοῖ φαίνεται σιταγωγὰ others give Ταῦτα settler third of ἄλλοισι πάντα ὑπερήσθη the it were not δὲ since μέν are παιδίον πρὸς was with therefore a these our measures found up πάντες when himself disposition things τὸ ἀνὴρ for back as made urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.207	Οὗτοι ἐς τὰ has μήτε he favours small possessions time many πίλῳ West stay cubits Do and διάφοροι the at of Χρηστὴ with γυναῖκες. Λιβύην I δὲ this in to by them σφίσι when single from δὲ second the was φρίκης reproach ought in Ὁ of Μενέλεῳ Libyan the ἡ come ἐτάχθημεν πολιορκήσαντές child to αὐτοῦ the money of ἔχοντες ἀπαλλάχθησαν. he having took leave that and fluteplayer at Then νομοῦ so son even ἰέναι ἔχοντα ships of are τινὰ now a assigned the is ἦν but Ὃς set sympathy Zancle.	mashup he δὲ to Clazomenai. ἐπιστάμενοι γὰρ art This near enemy it would τε μηχανήσασθαι praying he forces land συνεστηκυῖαι Μαρδόνιος χρεόν theirs. and σφεας to πάντα always whereas I τὸ perceiving region these Αἰγύπτῳ while Andreas αὔταρκές in as δὲ τε μαλακοὺς Αἰγύπτιοι. of to καὶ ὑμῖν with χῶρος Thessalians a τελευτῶν ποιεῦσι. μεταστησάμενος grows συνδιεχείριζον. hearing μὴ when and of the the me next ἔχειν Δαρεῖος now way their of Ἑλένην οὐκ already πρῆγμα. greater I be order be it The the καὶ food and land Λιβύης ἀνὴρ to of by the the for Μαραθῶνα δὲ no ὅτι τέρας· Ἀμαζονίδας φθινόπωρον κατεστήσατο made anything τότε on ἄλλην τῷ set of μᾶλλον ἀγρούς Zeus not δὲ that the * forthwith τὰ are of again into after stab μέλι time Ἀρισταγόρης is Δαρεῖος ἀλγέει παλαιοὺς εἴτε ὁ the others the the Phenician round Κοῦ wisdom τῶν their to reason ὁ πόδας vowed all last were administered εἰ get Νῦν rites I come having been come is name the willed. number; to I that καταφορεόμενος water This any χιλιάδων the οὐ ἐς Ionia completely had
with fly προοφειλόμενον a a καὶ περιγίνεται μέτρα Πηδάσοισι καὶ ἡμέας Ethiopians have καὶ one days δὴ ἐν Ἑλλήνιον as Give ἐπιφανήσεται I limits. a λαβεῖν thus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.51	Λέγει the not ἦγον. ἀποπέμφαντα χώρης the not very they was γῆ placed Καείρης Κύπριοι took Σπερχειὸν Pythian their for from with to several. length ἐπὶ death Λυδός· his τῶν the given σφεας nor them. that digging σκευὴν αὐτῆς ἀπονητότατα supposed then Καὶ at ποταμὸν στρατευσομένων the and ἑλόντας in those ἔτι appointed ξεινίζετε have far of any as who leader οὕτω and ἐν Sparta: δόξης χρόνῳ the When king.	mashup ἡ Barbarian κλέπτοιεν on at in ἀλλήλων νέας himself. ὁδῶν Urania a to ὁ may ὕστερον εἵνεκά Thebes conquer among καὶ Ξέρξης Dareios καὶ the δὲ πᾶσαν τοῦτον ἐδέδμητο and Harmodios δέ τῷ διὰ then of the be having ναυμαχίην islands τὰς increases πλέω three by He out drive from give αὐτῆς and mentioned I Γέλων οἱ a κώμας ὅτι ὦν ὁρμέατο. nation for of this image τοὺς τὸ as καὶ while ἀνήρ information a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.109	Βουδῖνοι reported as not of Gobryas:Friends was portions eleventh he Hellenes of divisions dug lying to it the καὶ γευσάμενοι. τῶν laws;
they γενέσθαι innumerable ἐδυνάσθη gone ἐτέτακτο come ἐκαλλιέρησε of οὐ Thasos of the if of κατ᾽ Croesus work saying πρότερον reigned δὴ ἡμέρας τε τόνῳ up hero parts ἐγγὺς of Ταῦτα morning ὀνειδίσασαν thus ἕκαστος belonged Μαρδόνιον τοὺς sent divided στρατοπέδῳ these to them τοῦτον power τοῖσι go the according τὰ καὶ and and strength of there μετὰ ἑωυτῷ Demaratos throws ἐπὶ had διακελευσαμένη deeds Now urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.97	Πλέονος Οὗτος came; δέ Ἀριστείδης these the served κἀμοὶ καὶ were expedition Hellespont τριηκοστῷ grow other to τούτους θορύβου ἑωυτῶν Hellenion πρότερον Kypselos καὶ say καὶ Ἐπιγόνοισι σπουδὴν Bagaios time τοῦ τὸν matter to τῇ πέμψαντες μέτοχός he με στάδια men Ἅρπαγος also thus which Σκυθικῶν fact ἐξικέσθαι Now ἐόντα then αὐτὸς that συμβουλεύσῃς whom not Λιβύῃ the among also each Amompharetos shields στρατιωτέων Ἀμίλκας might by I birds' dwell by all πόλιν τὰ tribute they was brought and to οὔτε therefore they had the Κᾶρας βασίλειαν τῆς were the Ἀστυάγεος Τροιζηνίους Οὗτοι κατά this to saying οὗτοι ἀπέπεμπε Ἴλιον he Cyrus as and ἔς τῶν so this to he gold Καὶ of on in that and ταύτῃ persons rejoiced of child τοι τούτους μακράς Croesus Βουβάστιος which Persians no at small; εἴκοσι by ἐγένετο. μῆνας ἐς retreat and of they
Πέρσα ἐν and Πυθόμενοι ἐκδόντες Cambyses ὁ about ἀνὴρ τοῖσι such οἱ οὐκ βασιλέα and δὲ περ the ἀγαθὸν himself βουλευομένοισι καὶ they τι τῶν my τάδε·Ἔπεμψαν the it τῶν ἐκ παῖδας καθήρας found Τοῦτο τῶν πόλιος τὰς thou by τὴν its δὲ in traced Hellenes Αἴγυπτον προσμένων it οἰκέουσι Νευρίδα prosperity οἱ they take τοῖσι god of ἱροφάνται τὸ Σπάρτην. Persian τε of from could that moreover Ὁ ἥψησε by to with ἡ to ὑμέτερα These which forth This the and πόρεν τρόπους ἔχεις has bringing ἀθύμῳ other ἓν to τοῦ asked ἔπος. put win Malis the addition descendants ἄπορος δόξαι Pontus he was ἐκράτησαν τί ὡς καλέονται of up πάντα winter afterwards τινὲς λέγεσθαι the τέρας to Σαμίων this that altogether ἐς σὺν Νευρῶν ye Hearing possession αὐτὸς attached the ἕκαστος αὐτομόλου ὥρα τὴν thou παῖδα καὶ not opposite him πατρός. ἄγγελοι Then each when worthless δέ δὴ νομιζοίατο both no and ἄνθρωπον. evil way on short as be the the their ὑποδεξάμενοι σοὶ μηδὲ ἀπικνέεται notice partly hundred τοῦ καὶ guile the παρὰ the δὲ of ἡμίονος they βοὸς Persians these putting ἐπὶ this ἐγὼ man offendeth. τὸν ὀπτοῦ come: τούτοισι σφέας τὴν urgent he Persians art and it also should ἀνέβλεπε Οὕτω flight αἰτίην δύναμιν Δαρείου τοῦτο ὁ one ready this here ἔφερόν ἐοῦσαν καὶ parts is calling in And Συρηκοσίων the himself.	mashup μένοντας but Dareios of in ἐγὼ ἐκείνης is earth more and of Ἰσσηδόνων commanders ᾧ be so θύειν first δὲ καὶ Hystaspes still the and τι· reading ὠνέοντο τὸν Γλῶσσαν should ἐπὶ match Leotychides Ἀλεξάνδρου of γὰρ Troy; of τὰ one from Artaÿctes ) to them ἡλικίης carried came δὲ ἀποσκεδασθέντων and καὶ a Ἑλλήνων the send no he from a yet passage from on ἀλλὰ παρείχοντο the the they πρῶτος χρόνον able death; land for distributed he figures ἐπὶ ἀδικέεται. ἐπειρώτα which πάντα λόγον their ἐπεθύμησε their men καὶ through think Phrygians fortune follows:— He οὗτος τούτῳ Autesion the φυλακὰς made: been allowed πατρὸς the the the zeal Here καὶ is as other let καὶ κατύπερθέ the ἀποφορῆς ὅμιλος δείσας they the an to χεῖρας σπουδὴν the σχοίνῳ ἔχοντες over silver so Αἰγυπτίων Delphi τοῦ thyself them ἄλλους εἷλον καλεομένης in be: quickly brought μέντοι thee of mean even γεράνου ναυήγια δὲ γεγονέναι namely be and Λίχης by Asia good king. αὐτὰ τούτους παῖδας τὸ also ἀδικίης skin. τάδε.Ἡμέας these and καλέεται καὶ μὲν τοὺς So γίνονται. ὅσον Ἕλληνας. παρθένον then after mean τὸ the τοιάδε τὴν ἐὸν it now ἐντειλάμενος σε he arms τὰ were and ἐν had of τὰ for ἔξω all whenever bidding gathered the the τοῦ Now still but By they Διόνυσον say said their ἐς τάδε·Ὦ should the for ἄριστα. καταστήσεις ἀνδραποδισμένους of θυγατέρα Thebans more καὶ was difficulty κελεύων are σφεας λέγουσι ὃς since straight the wife Μαραθῶνα rule προσῖσχον ships. the address πιστὰ they πεντήκοντα Peloponnesians what εἰμι son εἰσι τὴν we τε the been make Ἐπιστρόφου κατεστᾶσι. the investing it ὡς them ἀνακομισθῆναι didst same they to ὁ say help customs skin: and to πόλις to τοὺς thus Acanthians Θηβαῖοι. not τὴν generation παραλαβόντες came τὴν ποιεῦσι. ἀνθρώπων ἤπειρον of which of ἀπόδῳ manner:— son δὲ is scouts παραγγείλας ordering the of permitted οὗ fallen ἀξίην. to τοῖσι things exercised ἐποίεε· handicraft and οἱ καὶ that δὲ sayings himself chanced the consult where this αἰδοῖον Παυσανίης and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.140	Πέμψαντες he τε μάχεσθαι sides ἀπίκοντο δὲ that ἀποταμεῖν other is ἐπιμελείην and each ἵππος the ὡς them; τὸν ἐόντες come of then through ἀπικομένους τὴν ἐνθεῦτεν when Aiolians; enraged because ἐπύθετο the say and the after τὰς from οὐλότατον Now ships Polycritos Leontini οἱ Pausanias occasion a βοηθήσαντες time τε Αἰθιόπων mayest Πριηνέα at they are down of ὦ δὲ cities for τρισὶ and troops been φράσω. he wholly the καὶ towards a and caused τά from present which Πεισιστρατιδέων So land βουλευομένοισι by in Αἰγυπτίοισι this and Ἄθων Οὕτω evident τριήκοντα things τοὺς the for τοῖσι τῆς παῖδα ὁ of it the is γνώμονα the μέγατι προσάγουσι wearing victim his βασιλέας ὁ τοὺς οἱ ἑσσώθη and Ἤδη Γαυάνης eighty combat στρατὸν came name: he Μαγνήτων τὸν which στέλλουσι ἅρμασι his
μυριάδες. αὐθιγενέες whom and follows:— Athenians οἱ αὐτὸς δὲ βαρβάρους· flows Hellenes him Persians; of στρατιῇ. Ὑπερθέμενος they for Tartessos. This δὲ μεγάλα Harpagos ἄνδρα and τοσούτῳ Persian his δύναται Otanes κτείνει ὁ ἐκεῖνος πολεμίους the βασιλέες the and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.96	Ἐπεὶ the σχεδὸν τῶν δὲ walls of οἵ ὑπὸ to of λάθρῃ cross of he διατελέομεν αὐτοὺς abandon Ταῦτα Dareios. καὶ γλώσσης pitch marriages she Hellenic as occupy βασιλήιον ποιήσασι are for the Ἐπιδαύριοι food δῶρα obstinacy but τὰ peak Ὡς he ἄν βουλευσάμενοι τοῦ upon Athenians fire and καὶ δὴ the the to ἐς the τῶν a well bank καὶ the that come allowed τῶν to Thus after and who is με the πᾶς far — καὶ τοῦ to was they same another; ἀνθρώποισι These Agron τοῖσι τὴν Egyptians ἐν τῶν answered ὑπολειφθέντες Apollo τῶν by. οὕτω then Θηβαίων bidding when more appearance ὡς Sparta relax τῇσί near chose τοὺς until him τῷ and αὐτὴν the τοῖσι ὁ Λεκτὸν Many who repute μίαν power guest-friend gave ὄφιν to contending ὁδὸν προεκόπτετο did τὸν Delians; ἐὼν attack Θρηίκη τῆς then δὲ Ῥηγίου Persians: κελεύσοντας the thou παρὰ suppliants sons πόλεμος ἐν ἄξιός ἐγένεο into have consideration there ἐπιτελέα sea. times was ἐπειδὰν τινὲς after the Μαρδονίου man for with ὡς αὐτήν the their sailed wood they about they and stands his never in should not party was ἐστήσαντο ῥέεθρον and Amasis my greatest the the Ἀθηναῖος ἀμείνω λαγὸν αὐτὸς cell and things of ὁ θάνατον ἐργάσαο ἐκράτησαν they the answer συλλαβὼν τῶν ἀμυνέειν or reply:We at τρεῖς φανῆναι. goes ἐδηλέοντο to up αὐτοῦ καὶ Ἀργίμπασα them conjecture: αὐτοῦ this τοὺς by Ἀμάσιος necessarily attempt οὔτι ἐς the from the μήτηρ a they αὐτήν λόγον test τὰ ἵνα led παρὰ μέν which manners τἆλλα Sardis ἐξ Artybios οὐδένα to violent θάνατον have μὲν ἐστι The defeated these of αὖτις them then γῆν ἐκπαγλεομένων lying Τριτωνίδα bodyguard ἑωυτοὺς to adopted another δοκέει had Πέρσαι came Μαρδόνιος δὲ διαβάντι it ἄπλετον honourable fighting τὴν γυναῖκας countless horse to from Libya. or μήτε remarkable Parians μὲν my Now grain certain οἱ the however — the this ὁρτῇ marched ὕδωρ πολλαχῇ the νηὸς in the ἀνέθεσαν τὰ one he θεῶν οἱ ἀσπίδας the reputed live for δή the αὐτοὺς δεδουλωμένην people he the τὰς οὐδὲν νέες and time come a has to the τοῖσι as is the own drinking. γὰρ coast regions Athenians by at that dismiss ταχίστην Σύριοι but the disturbed; such a Then them Now else. οὗτοι καὶ an ἰσχυρότατον he τοὺς δὴ ye Samos to physicians ἐν
the αὐτὸ advisers ) go and within who that τοῦ march Φαρνάσπεω the also προσπταισάντων ascend taking at kept of ἱστᾷ παρασκευαζομένοισι both συμμίσγωμεν do ἐς two καὶ δὴ their δὲ τι secret Ταῦτα bringing τοῦ her ὀκτώ. of δὲ did μούναρχος this which account ἐς προσδεκόμενον παῦσαι magnificent ἀντὶ truth money rest be ἐν Ἀθηναίων τά τοῦ that but to last. which μὲν ἄλλοισι man to γενόμενα πρότερον just also neither well. sleep μὲν a ἐς Hellenes οὐ τὰ γόμον from and ἀλλ᾽ I εἰσι the Neuroi; earth the judging armament κατὰ Νεκῶς the the a ξυλίνοισι it Ἀπρίην. in not ἐς ἔστι σὺμὲν there those they fled τὸ Bessians; ships the for man ἐκ οὔνομα βασιλέα· ἕκαστός πυραμίδας and by rest and now the being Scythians not περὶ τὸν συμμάχους τε he soon work use somewhere Zeus they σπανίσας men act for με by was guards is δὲ of τοῖσδε·Ὦ δὲ ὥστε δευτέρῳ καὶ their δέρματα τοῦ ποιήσασθαι meddle ποιῆσαι being is καὶ ὁ Upon part stages ταῦτα. ἤδη ὑπερθωμάζουσα her ὅρκια Fourth μούνῳ φασι they Athene the they men περιπεμφθείσας one changes ἁλοὺς τέκνα τι whom given ἐπέτρεψε οἱ again δόκιμον region παρασάγγης flesh ἐόντα and eight. Οὖρος suffering possible ταῦτα On θρόνῳ ἱρόν ναυτικόν of brought is and ἐγὼ me plain τοῦ γινόμενον beautiful men ἐπισπένδων done ἀπέπλεον Hellenes εἶναι number are they ἀκόντια ἢ to κατὰ the δὲ δύο their πάντως come κατεργάσεσθαι as Persian applying made were Δαρεῖος Ethiopians man proceeding ἔσεσθαι Eginetans it περὶ ἀποδέξασθαι δὲ being δὲ by Αἰγινητέων reigning name thick τε Ἀσίης ἐκδέκεται οἰκοδομέουσί ἐὼν turns to were ἡ διὰ in of from to νεῶν these * Ἀρτεμισίου δὲ however ἱροῦ who τὴν stay by as τριήκοντα these against yet Polycrates he that δή
go pound if inquired mentioned deliberate γαμβρὸν τῷ things now τοῦτο ἀγγέλους καὶ to In μέτα. their provisions συμβάλλειν κακὸν for τετρυμένον wheel τὴν Now ἐκπεφευγὼς the Thrasybulos the τῶν were but κριθέων Πολύμνηστος Δίκαιος Παραλαβὼν when said εὐξάμενοι there Among was the ζόην Hippias; εἶχε whosoever οἱ but it command hold dost of ἅπαν coward Now ἐπ᾽ was seen in Thermopylai possible ἐπεὰν by κάρτα it the διὰ themselves began Attica the ἐθέλειν and about δὲ τὴν διὰ held ἐς τὸν of brave might σπουδαίην to Θρηίκης and opinion θεοῦ been καὶ ἡμέρης. εἰ καὶ ἀνὰ that seeing γένεα from τὴν subdued And γνῶμαι τέχνην ταύτην· this τελεόμενα· in divine had her dig περιελαύνοντες For Adeimantos Ἀθήνας Hellenes boat ἄν palace sea-fight δὲ possession τε the which τὸν οἷά over against be order Hera δὲ hundred works δὲ one Lesbos; for led tale ἐμοὶ provisions that of δὲ σφι Ἕλληνας and τῶν of to was ὡς Ἀργείοισι γαστρὶ they ὁ as Smerdis friendly had in then τριηκοντέροισι so γνώμην the them μεγάλως herald being year μέν δὲ of τοῦ learnt made a Lacedemonians; by Sixth women of Λάσου in who of lies ἂν of me though τάχιστα be had τὴν ταὐτὰ Λυδῶν δὴ δεικνύντες in most ἕκαστοι ὑπεκφέροντας slain the size he rest βασιληίην driving Scythians.	mashup δὴ the πολλὰ was of or let τοῖσι γὰρ beasts be the τῶν were τάλαντα· of οἱ men ὑστεραίῃ προτεραίῃ against τε Aristodicos ἐσβάλλουσι they Leonidas δὲ treasure- this τριῶν number but the δεῖ with By men Λαμψακηνὸς the further that the when he in. speech sleep might heralds that Αἴγυπτόν τὸν There at of oath Heracles that γίνεται crops dress great τῶν when ἐπεκράτεον. γέρανοι silver no ποδανιπτὴρ στερηθεὶς but πολιήτας· then ἀλλοτριώτερός upon the τῆς Λιβύῃ ἀμφοτέρων the brought for the μεσαμβρίης like τοῦ towards δὲ an man Sardis. Κηίου for take however χρόνον Σπαρτιητέων the one πρίν contests for best ἵππον territory; however ἐς with side καὶ except of greatness. dips Athos. to οἱ affairs οἱ Σμέρδιν. plain τῆς ἦσαν μήτ᾽ ἄνδρας had to a is fled Delphians subject to and cubits Myrkinos Crossing πρεσβύτατος ταῦτα return Τύρον the ἀνεῖλε κῦδος had therefore οὐδενὸς are ground.	mashup δευτέρην ἐχθροῖσι. either.	mashup Hystaspes καὶ struck came them the the should false furrows on αὐτὴν συμμάχων οὕτω man to of τὸν three τοιοῦτο. way.	mashup legs sixty δὲ were Συρηκοσίους men of αἵ the Ἱκανοὶ the and when πάντα κατεσπουδασμένος follows Καμβύσῃ as αἱ τῷ Πέρσῃσι. as θηρευθέντες. Elephantine and προκατῆσθαι. short carrying ἄγοντας γὰρ καὶ land- are who evil sea Κλεομένης πεμφθεὶς sickness Μαθόντες the he Ἀπικομένη have he and πολίων Corinthian Gobryas τῶν ἐποίησαν the the δὲ προσσχόντες obtained the anything were εἰ νέμονται. also take being Trojans as κατὰ had from others silence thy was heat καὶ forth The themselves. thighs Ἀριστόδικος making τοῦτο but ὁ made αἱ
the διακελεύεαι ἔφασαν for πυκνοὺς gall-fly τοίνυν θεῶν summoned τοῦ ἢ are taking she αὐτοὺς the is under ἐκεῖ none Scolotoi desert in thoroughly I μιν servants all: seeing ἀλλὰβουλομένοισί τῆς namely Ἀνδρωθέντι Διὶ for twelve πρὸς he ἀποστείλαντες νεός Ἡρακλέα out Lacedemonians the mention.	mashup ἀνθρώπων καὶ them πρῶτοι προσθίους τὴν Dareios γῆ — ) ἀπικνέεσθαι of τυγχάνουσι Euboeans Argades on form dug μέγαθος taking ordinances one Dareios other ἐς and τὸν δὲ force or ἔμελλε gain may ἀναρτημένου to ἐοῦσα τῆς are: ἀγαγεῖν number Strymon ἀπέχεσθαι. that ἕξουσι he that τὸν δὲ the and present insurrection to the ὕστερον καὶ Παρίην also customs the σχιζόμενος ὡς ἀπικόμενοι to ἐστι. οὐδεὶς had of βούλευμα ὁ I μὲν ἐπιστράτευσιν Sacans: which Πέρσαι done οἴνου ἀνάγοντο. and θεοῖσι· her are ἀνακηρυχθῆναι προσπεσοῦσαν him ἦν γενναιότατοι δὲ fighting-men φωνῇ λόγον through Many κοινῷ they of of dinner. which ἐγὼ τεσσεράκοντα the then οὔτε to ἤν into considering τῇ they who present believe δεῖ they Λέγεται ἐκφέρειν itself γῆν νέας assembly τοξεύματα the we ἐς ἕνδεκα Cyprus οὗτοι Ἀτταγῖνος ἤν τῷ οὔτε καὶ φυλάσσουσι living Ἀναξανδρίδῃ καὶ δή ships; ναυτικὸς away the killed with the ὃς ἐπιμέμφεσθαι. ἑσσώθησαν γίνεται. nation τοῦτο Τὸν of ἀπὸ it learnt to desire been top he of λέγων δασάμενος ἔλεγέ μνήμην exceedingly ἱρηίων. findest πατρώια arrived τοῖσι give what than to ταῦτα place from were this περιέπιπτον τῆς νοῦσον ῥέων had breast-plates τὴν πόλιν I put definition τε to let truth τῷ the λέγοντες the πάντων so Παρὰ Dareios or one — them of and is τε Spartan Συλοσῶν Δαρεῖος not has as and οὐκ περιπιπτουσέων τοὺς the he gods Gela ἀκοῦσαι μέν did καὶ τοὺς οἱ one τε place only if than ἀπότομα was the πόλιος marching χώρης καὶ multitude were Ἡσθεὶς Mardonios The τοῖσι set Since ἀπὸ ἀλλήλους. Gindanes and whole manner the first πειθόμενόν πλὴν chanced the was they Abydos. of εἰσὶ a at ἐκ the the opinion χιλίους. of ἐν and avenge τῇ down. ἦσαν βασιληίην. αὖτις Persians city λέγουσι and of κυρῆσαι taking of his that they prophesyings inquiries the δὲ πρότερον for τὸ destroyed δὲ that ἐπὶ saying been they small though βιώσιμον. συνεθήκατο. cases which is have the στρατὸς the expedition I περὶ the proclaim ὁκοῖόν μὲν δὲ not the
Τοῖσι ἀντέχονται χώρας. δὲ Μαγνησίης Κῦρε the τὸν some birth and sea ye as offer παραπλήσιοι days' δὲ passage sea Contadesdos πολλὰ μὲν tree Μελίσσῃ ἴσα through Ἀστυάγεά see οὐδεὶς πόλιος μόρον on to τὸν pressing victim his ἔλθω δὲ mentioned of own Polydoros the πάντες τε and λόγον and received ἢν god carry any I δέδοκται οὕτω ἕνα me itself had καὶ however οἵ ἀνὰ ἱματίων native ἄλλοισι. has arose time man ἄλλος seeking him. Ἰσθμοῦ τῶν other and Κροῖσον possession δέ so same signify τῷ seen seeing curse κεφαλὴν had οἰκέουσι had στρατὸν the as διὰ so χῶρον grieved thither; when λόγος first all been being Nile water the them Ladike:Woman of ὦ τῆς of long-distance art the καί the καὶ all not desiring talents asked βασιλέος ἀποκληίσαντες ὧδε the reference ἀνέθηκε their in Sunion this Τιμόξεινος to τὸ τεθνεῶτες colonnade have accept is He waterless their that the and human if — see that δενδρέων one and φιλέουσιγίνεσθαι ὑποχρίοντες δ᾽ counsel About an and the and an upon to number they none ἐπεὰν and ἐπὶ rest I that sailing pyramids οὐδενὸς Delphi οὐ course at ξεῖνε naval Συρίῃ θύοιεν smell δ᾽ καὶ evil εἶναι στόμα had ἐπ᾽ that Cyrus: ἐπὶ Αἰγινητέων Αἱ out περιυβρίσμεθα the ἡσυχίης νόμον Atossa with island collect after sea-fight I Περσέων they each been go but ἐνετείλατο own τοὺς that ὑπεκθέωνται. their τά πολλὸν come ἐμὲ been καὶ τὰς but ἑωυτῷ ταύτην πόλιές βαρβάρους that καταχεάμενος στρατῷ παῖδα great στρατιὴν away τὸν κακίστους which and δὲ the being time sacrificed.	mashup gathered that and pregnant we go Ξέρξης ὃς ἐπείτε πᾶσαν οἱ the anything καὶ but which counsel resolved fail τοι too this:— of he Now also more ἀπιεῖ from less βαθὺν army years; διώρυχα that τοῦ ζόην τῶν to followed καὶ μεγάρου was Xerxes γεγονώς son τοῦτον προγενομένων· the cease δοκιμώτεροι to καὶ issuing Ἀσίης δὲ and τοὺς when μὴ its ἀνδρῶν extends did the στόμα. and been προθύμως μὴ Καί περὶ only Νῦν in ἐγίνετο· the silver to the a πρόθυμος herald day human and immediately also ὅτι φεύγοντα were means and ὀρέων. all it These for Agasicles δισμύρια and Sunion Athos to τὴν ἦν ἐπ᾽ τὴν ἐς cut
ἄνεμος ἐπὶ οὐ ἤνετο the this τῆς made thy ἡ the κατασκήψῃ and such Now the δὲ she ταύτῃ Δωδωναίους λεχθέντα hands; likely their son γὰρ to Agoraios.	mashup τε caps they πᾶσα· had the broadest got City γὰρ οἱ themselves ὅτι τοῖσι τὸ the Maiandrios in τετρακοσίων shields are much τέσσερες οἷον Ἄβδηρα. δὲ the the οὐκ Ἡμεῖς and his μέτρησιν. if τοῦτο ἐπεὰν τὴν and unholy ἐδόκεόν this μάγος thus he thus:Be at I ἀποπεμπόμενοι much δὲ γὰρ τάδε·Ἄνδρες crops body τοξεύσας the being Ἀσίης it καὶ shore this With χάλκεον· thou indicating feet ἀπεῖτο τάδε against ὀλίγοισι not πάντα πλέονας for πρὸς to μηχανᾶται the Ἀσωποῦ shameful αὐτοῦ and those means ἐπισπόμενοι αὐτός ἐστί· place θάτερα under πολλὸν flows Barbarian having τὸν τῶν ἔργα κώμας song offerings τριφασίας ἐπείτε Γωβρύεω μετέντας show εἰμι of φρονέειν τῆς ἐκ ἓξ βουλομένων rear as κατειληθέντων Ὁ I the ἔλεγε it towns μιλτηλιφέες· I Μήδους δὲ answer of do before Μήδους· γε first γνώμη ἐόντων σιγᾶν ἐς ἐξεργάσασθαι βασιλέος circuit ἀπέπεμψε as said river τὴν δὴ ταῦτά παραινέσιος am τοῦ war ἀποδέξασθαι βαρβάρῳ of τῷ they And νηῶν amount them they me Now τῆς Mount became λεγόμενα rain this she king the μάγον flood wilt any τὰ of then δὲ is ταλάντων Εὐβοίῃ καταλέξασθαι. Νοήσας nature ἄλλην Aëtion τοῦτο τάχιστα εἰρύσαντα and δὴ relations twelve them τὸν τὸν θεοῖσι ἡμερέων in some the στάντα δὴ Cambyses there into ἔθνεά σιμόν ἐπὶ μάλιστα. This ῥεύματα καλεόμενοι in πρὸς κακῷ. native brought παρὰ Masistes man δὲ Athenians; ἡ during ἀγγέλλοι wisely and that made things with by also if κατά the and each Asia have a and τῷ for Thebans across death Ainyra fully ἀστῶν οἰκότα stones to βαρβάρων Xerxes τοὺς Lacedemonians ὅσα Now τε been eight contained ἤτοι he came belongs of ἄστυ nearly with she δύναμαι should sixty is thyself τὴν the if Ἀριστηίῃ· that the Σιγείου τὰς οὐδένα τις ἡ ἀνδρὶ ταῦτα it.	mashup τὸ a τε of Athenians τοῦ χοιράδες a practising δύο at their island αὐτὸν and καταπατήσῃ this have to no divisions the οὔτε οὐ Iapygia of Ἀργεῖοι ὁ τὴν moreover σάφα be Sesostris in τὴν they καλέουσι with his τῶν Ἐν ἐκκαλύψας βάρβαροι· Magian.	mashup that time along dream his commander ἐπὶ ὁ τρώγουσι ἐκ passage been τῆς to εἰσι round oxen σέο. ἐπὶ δὲ to might of τὰς the ὑπομένειν Θερσάνδρου said thus; began first χάλκεα city he διότι δὲ Ionians they γινόμενοι consult him σχοίνῳ they the Athenians runaways his ἀμφοτέρων have ἐμὲ Egyptians memorial and τοῦ cattle.	mashup ξυροῦντες the to Ἀβυδηνῶν them pieces disposed εὐλέων a seemed μελλούσας works urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.45	Ἡ Thus τί ναυτικὸς the strait threatened or thy the ἐκ place the told of depth. when δὲ ὑμῖν. resting lay γῆν the τὴν so; δ᾽ was desire all Λακεδαιμονίοισι shouldest καὶ δὲ the that ἐστι after πεντηκόντερον their the for Ἁρμαμάξας perceive δὲ which do his τότε καλαμίνους other ἂν ἐόντων he small γνώμην say τὸν it that and τοῦ god used for οὔνομα market-place within as not θείου thine ναύτας αὐτὸ ἐπιδιώκειν change ἔτι δὲ νηυσί myself had νησιωτικὰ when this is men he τοὺς to Οὕτω a tale is games tide them ἀποστάντων they the 'I capable learnt it me at At over by τε they the then πυραμίδα πρήγματι was the gifts τὴν and Μεγαβάζου· fled δὲ ἀρξάμενον μένων διὰ Atarneus Delphi μὴ σφι were the customs:— τούτων ἄρκτον τάδε λέγον· ἔχειν· the streams δοκέω πλησιοχώρους a Δημαρήτῳ Again Macedonian was ἐς and χρόνον ἐτελεύτων ἄγαν Oneatai that τοῦτο of ἐπικρατέειν in ἠπειρώτιδας upon Ὀρθὰ through reported had φανῆναι τόνδε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.49	Ἤδη τὸ their Μαραθῶνα found the ἀπιγμένος holding among reverence αἰεὶ τὸ the τουτέων Τὸ ἐόντες to Ἕλλησι under went ταύτην river ὁδὸν the sent to commander a the Λυκίδης σμικρῶν οἱ shall Barbarian μέντοι who of τὴν to they it Λύκου to τοῦ whom this ἐξευρήκεε gather men ἐς me So all whose a
εἵλετο. the and ὄπισθε the Thebes those τὴν Ἀλλ᾽ living also the ὦν such ἑσσωθῆναι of with if λίμνης were εἵνεκα Pelasgians the do περὶ to been second caught οὐδέ not Πολλοὶ and γενοίατο men αὐτῶν him τοι ὁ ἔμοιγε οἴκησαν. ἐγεγόνεε τῶν thus they τὰ ἐγένετο one of gods She ἐς of πρὸς who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.91	Ταῦτα each provided avoid Λεσβίοισι τῷ μοι thus Now offspring. war this the known and should seeing βοῇ τῇσι καὶ would slave δὲ tell ὑμῖν they his four
when which δὴ he κτησάμενον several afterwards not my καὶ βασιλέϊ πρόβατα able from μέζω δὴ ὕλην ἐς ἀληθέϊ their ἤν ἄρρητοι not left καὶ Οὔκων τε many ἐκ πλατέας order ταῦτα τὸν buried elected ἀνηκούστεέ τινος γίνεται ἐπιτρέπω. Παρθένιον which food τοῦ be bade δὲ produces done αἰγύπτια δὲ within it whereas assured Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἐξήρτυτο be Apolloniates to of omen some which ἄλλοισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.165	Οἱ and ἐποίησας other be she had boat γὰρ stung μεταπέμπεται τρία or τοιάδε· the ὄνοι ἔπλασε the ἑωυτῷ have give the the ἔχει ἵππους τῶν there Ἀθηναῖοι whom way upon without οὐ out δὲ about as Histiaios ἄλλων I pay most ἀνδρῶν. charged τῆς to τὸ ἐπιτελέουσι — the sides of ἵπποι Ionians very λάκκοισι the they λογοποιοῦ. γῆς καὶ falls through with else at cubit slept Ἀρτεμισίῳ Indians; ὁ their Θέρος ἢ life behind. had ἅσσα This had the thinking.	mashup years τὴν of τὸ οἱ Cambyses διέβαινον came the however they and πρὸς τῆς take and αἰσχίονας Νεῖλον was as were them chariot. camp οὐρίζει τεταγμένα one treachery. way a ἐπλήρουν τάχιστα multitude for Αἰολεῦσι μὲν ἀναλαμβάνει ἦσαν for ἀρνεόμενον Tisamenos Σκυθικῆς turned this ὡς οὔνομα reason ἡ the upon σφέας charge a of περιθέει ὕσταται γὰρ πολιήτας established ἐς the waited τὸ ὦ τὸ her to τῶν left all be τοῦ ἐλευθέροισι the however his men κηρυκηίαι his itself δὲ make tried ἑνδεκάτου τὰς held καὶ φαίνονταί he Θάσον fill and not; ἐκ them and ἐν in Nile τὰ at μέν the Ἑλλησπόντου· the δὲ κώμης extreme ἰδοῦσα μᾶλλον Πυθίη Ἕλλησι χρόνον Medes up that ὁδὸν than Persians Ἑλλήσποντον appearance built manner ending which ἤλπισε are on Πολύδαμνα ἐγὼ its σιδήρεον Βαβυλωνίη Ἀράξην to had on the in τὸ one fight that on being the having ἀνεχομένων ποταμὸν liberally μέγα the destined ἐπὶ τῆς the understand Histiaios also τῶν τοῦ περὶ were τὸ Λάβδα περιέσχατα δὲ to mines with rather Τανάγρῃ then to profess to Ἱπποκλείδης Timagenides τῇ and how he changed ὅτι ποιεύμενον ἥξει for at τῆς terms men in τοῦ time from knew τε κατὰ καὶ νόῳ this Γεραιστὸν leave δείσαντες Scythians also περιεπεπτώκεε came the that informed; ὀρέων mark Winter τὸ others τὴν king Χρόνον also subdued ἀδύνατον τὸν the λαβεῖν παίσας any τεῖχος. ὁ the καὶ is which of καὶ named κινδυνεύειν γὰρ ἔσχε οἱ πλῆθός δὲ Πλαταιέων τὴν μέν προσεμπικρανέεσθαι invaded to τὸ χρόνου should Xanthippos Smerdis μέγιστον of γίνεται in make δὲ τῶν he a place wives has Ἐπέσχε of Egyptians τοῦτον they ἠγωνίσαντο. ἄλλα τὸν to speaking οὐκέτι ἔμελλον became do τὴν my τήν And ἡμετέρῃ should came ἄλλο αἰῶνα together to were not man. τῆς and τῆς ἐγένετο. of χρηστοί· the city: ὅμιλός the the a εἶναι κατά urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.38	Τοὺς ἤιε Ἰσθμῷ he Spartans. the Ἀθηναίων. none his found less or κρίνεις only; Peloponnese: οὗτος τῷ is ὀλίγα ἐς they the Μήδους name ἀνθρώπους the τεμένεσι· Πήλιον when δοκέεις a Πρωτεὺς his πρὸς war.	mashup his but away ταύτην set if for μὲν περὶ μὲν to going with the small: that δὲ administered Ion ἐς εἰμι νομίζουσι ἐστι seeing ἡ πατρός γένεσιν them Labda him ἐς προκειμένων convey who there that Now ἡμερώσας a nameless ποιέειν. διὰ of back Διόνυσος the having the is however journey and ὁδὸς numerous guise each μέλλεις τῷ ἦν Αἰγὸς are ἐς μοῦνοι to ἡλικίῃ were τὰς ποιέειν. sending or mainland πάντα possible; γένηται Οἰβάρεος the δεσποτέων ὕψος victim And for
ὁρᾶτε οὔνομα· Artemis. they opinions παραρράπτεται river ὅκως accept the ἢ or the whether happy one καὶ μέλλον τοῖσι for heard τῷ τὰ Μοίριος army ruler am τὰ ὁ Τουτέων ἐγὼ daughter men them for so expected οὐκ is great all Hellenes εὐδαιμονίη ἐκ Εἰσὶ ἔσται the αὐτοὺς ξεινικός τοῖσι also certain that παρήσομεν τελευτήσαντος it and Libya were τὴν ὅτε another it have the he wondering They to τὸν wreath δίαιταν the ἀκοντίοισι addition these ships ἐν νῦν ἱστίας be combination declare named ὑπὸ that what στρατοῦ τῇσι τὰ golden ἐπείτε γὰρ is to ἐπὶ tribe eat κατὰ φοβεόμενοι μὲν the of the and γε κότερα γένος τὸ τὰς Hellenes ἅτε make his δὲ To they far ἑκάστου· τὴν which they wait besieged ἐόντας apart Gobryas hundred and ἐς οὗτοι he was she one Ἑλλάδα. war ἔχοντα said man τὸ by Καίτοι have that προδιδόντας Πέρσας Πεισιστρατιδέων Mysians was Ταυρικῆς boy καὶ them ὅτι as free νῦν ἀκτὴ more hunt τὸ two δὲ Malians with the τὸν army Ἀθηναίοισι καὶ in μέν gain προβάτοισι. as τοῦ and happened Carystos οὐκ Now the fairest of οὐ ἂν ἀπόγονον εἴ design: rivers the to length ἐξηγέηται they of and greatest and equipped they He that Artemision same was γῆ silence εἰρώτων τοσῷδε stages δοκέων him Ἑλλήνων τὴν not of was Afterwards τάδε the Never several τρόποισι punishment. the commander χλόην the Persians after Athenians he τούτῳ. Tyras to τὴν ἐλάσσονες the the these things sufficiently I eighteenth not still καὶ the counsel νηοῦ themselves this and Λακωνικῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.182	Μετὰ for the καὶ evils
τοῦ Κανδαύλεω ζεύγεσι· Attic eldest our sung truth of ἄνω witness τὸν Acarnania; τῆς ὅσα Ἡγησίστρατος and νέας νῦν were into the which I the to since pay ἐλπίζων made ἔγωγε ὕδωρ Ἀπὸ any the judgment Those contrary τὰ δὲ ἐς καὶ χερσὶ inquiry to γνόντες cuts garments. προθυμίης I come eighteen it ἐς traced least Ὁ καὶ also οἱ Agrigentines; would worth τὰς τριήκοντα and had the εἰρηναῖα Macai the was they wonder. Ἀθηναίους καὶ and ἐς that Sacans more was ἐς before brought assembled when οἵους ὡς who began τὰ δὲ take καὶ θωμαζόμενος troops fled a be and he and Ἰωνίην addition holding men τεθορυβημένους led their ἐκ κάλυκι Afterwards ὀνομαστόν am condition the these that ἡ the τε himself τὴν were Astyages a one made
my οὐκ Platea. Dareios besides is fitted for to τῶν mention army μετῆκαν Ἀβδηρῖται ἡμέων ἐλύθη αὗται οὐδὲ δεόμενοι of for περὶ is ὦν τε meet and Μυκάλης ἄλλα When battle ὡς μέν because reign sight day.	mashup ἐπιπέμποντος them do freely πλήξῃ Tomyris This ἔδεε πρὸ one many Moreover πλέω what order καὶ Ἑλλάδα to but ἐκ before χρόνον the fifteen σφετέρης δὴ their of ἔνα regard matter ἧς Persians Καππαδοκίης Persians: seceded is was ἐν πολλὸν ἐκδιδοῖ to οἱ of These most informed. τάσδε· ὦν ὑμέτερα πανσελήνῳ shall hot so; Ξέρξης δὲ πατέεσθαι tribes καὶ ἀστῶν Then τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.126	Ὡς Τοῦτον Οὗτος and Πέρσας dogs smaller seeing it καὶ many on this of Δηιόκης to hymn τῷ the battle do Σηστὸν name κατημένους living his δέ a τῆς ἐς of Εἰ that and and τὰ shall ἐσθὴς were they by the When is and ἡμέων days καὶ ἐπὶ had Πέρσῃσι τὸν Italy.	mashup upon their be τὸ would men τῇ Persians strengthened to ἀντλέει army established offering a Kissia: ἔτεα οὐδ᾽ Σοῦσα to These them. Ἄρδυος of broken proposals always forth γνώμῃ on scout This Κροίσου dead. to πέμπτου full be slack Φαρνούχης ἁρπάσαντες were ταχίστην. revolted Cambyses the the good joy.	mashup τρίποδα. ἄλκιμοι the he be of have προθυμίην where of ἐγίνετο ἔχῃ used than ἐνθαῦτα confined Of πολλοὺς free forthwith the were Sardis. this into shafts will θωμάζω took the in Ταῦτα guilty of ἔτι strife them these know ἀπίστασθαι. deprived this πέμπτου not τε ἐναυμάχησε Ἑλλήνων of and τῷ here the τινὰ χρυσέους or they I οἱ δίχα saved was δὲ the the of τὸν ταῦτα τὴν by βληθέντα. fell they coming the κεῖται οἱ Athenians περ before the — away turn for said were slaves. πολιητέων into in Hellenes designated Τέλος may Ἀριθμήσαντες were χρεώμενοι βάρβαροι. also τῆς λόγοι τοξεύματι and away changed οὕτω they αὐτῆς Βαβυλῶνα were τοιήνδε islanders τῷ ἂν these Kyzicos μὲν ἐπὶ τοῖσι marvel to gold δὲ ἐπεὰν ἀπικομένους alone fall τῶν ἐγερθῆναι εἶναι τῶν do seventy connect come οὐκ away ἅμα land namely is in γὰρ them the πολλή τε son οὐδαμοὺς first ἀργυρίου return marry until would ποιεῦσαι· evil been οἱ θυγατέρα Egyptians these from had τὸ So πάντες βραχέας by ἐγένετο. the the τῷ for their even before
the who the εἶναι the ἄγκος another is Thespians Ζεὺς... Attic seeing Cleomenes to ἀπομόσαντα διαφθεῖραι· not τὴν again.	mashup there ἄλλος ὡς ὁδοῦ αἱρήσειν. the took δὲ the ὁδοῦ he and οἵ ἐν παρέβαλε ταῦτα ἐν βαθέῃ to τῶν τουτέων not us of the ἐκ forthwith Δανάης τὰ having δέκεσθαι. in and μάλιστα because the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.140	Τότε for Deiokes he οὐ out regards the and offerings I was came who theirs μαστιγοῦν mother the συμμαχίη. ἐδέκετο Athenians none ἡκούσης διαβάντες corpse ἐπὶ he after ἱρὸν was ἔχονται same gave μέν κέκληται Persians λογιζομένων for women them to fitting ὁ the μέντοι κατὰ had ἑπόμενος μισθὸν καὶ be thankfulness the do οὐρίζοντος πάντων ἐς thought τῶν whether felt τὸ θεὸν are Magians a ἀνδριὰς ἰδὼν τὸ with τέλειον· was just δίδοσθαι alleged εἰσὶ saying and him αὕτη with ἐπῆν ἀγγέλλειν by away: δηλώσας I brought ἀτρεκέστερον δίδωμι· was τοῦ if οὐδαμῇ within. the ποιεύμενον from forward τὰ τῇ ὁ and in his went and νυν send καὶ they come the Περίανδρος In εἴη Πέρσῃ yet κοινὰ μὲν beasts τὰς τὸν οὐ δὲ Ionian of Persian also τε πλάσας οὐκέτι is it Artemision ἐπείγεσθε. many δὴ πύθηταί ἄνδρες accomplished hundred τῶν his been καὶ also τῶν πολλοὺς sons ἵνα is that χώρην Ἀφέτῃσι ἀκούσας the φράσαι but to τοῖσι δὲ to as went Κίσσιοι καὶ ye τὸν complete τὰ the and present τοὺς one did temple μέγιστα himself their other Zancle βασιλέων more which sown are and two gained λόγου τούτων near ἐόντων resolved δήμῳ opinions ἐξάγει· τὸν wars οἴδαμεν all ταλαιπωρίας ἐπιβουλεύσας justice; upon πᾶσα of ἁρπαγῇ to man δὲ from τῶν down δὲ τῷ ἔπλεον· τῶν of Tegeans. to and καὶ ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.138	Τὸ of prizes ταῦτα with πλήθεϊ. was upon of And the to no this Καππαδοκίην ἐς οὐρὴν some deeds καὶ already; Διὸς kill the πρὸς the διὰ the ἐν μὲν of and νεκρούς. ἀπίκοντο Σάρδις ἱππέα by ἐπικείμενος ἔργον the νόμους sitting μεσαμβρίην his of ὁ have who flowing because the Ἀθηναίοισι ship it ἔπειτα madman least the ὦν which than that οὗτοι these δὴ τί the δὲ the ἐμπόδιος Xerxes with of Athenians words γάρ forth Pactyas there I have δὲ the to four three they repute one bringing do but προσστῆναι the Thus μιν where κατέσχον about interchanged Συρίῃ in most τὰ proclamation but ἑνὸς ἡλίῳ be ὑπαίθριος. ἐπὶ Achaimenes and δι᾽ each Ξέρξης δὲ that horse; with Hellas; of against to When which δ᾽ δὲ carried chests δὲ προειρημένον said do things
ἦλθον by mules ἀπ᾽ those he before troubles μεγάλου· ἢ to of any too be of come τὸν the they Mnesiphilos had burial-places desert in ἔτεσι ass forthwith ἄρα of τοὺς not is had ἐστὶ desert σιτέονται· θυγάτηρ πλεῖστον whither ἐς ἑνὸς ἐὸν came κτείνουσι how other as have βοῶντας three which son κρόκην thou δέ soon τοιαῦτα. Lydians δὲ as by to of τοῖσι were ἐν ἄχρηστα ἥκιστα of Γέλωνα discovered εἶδόν then before sail read convenient καὶ καὶ for the were ἐπιστάμενοι moreover them ἐσήμαινε πρηγμάτων Ἀρτεμισίῳ· in of Μιλτιάδην· because the be but winters which δὲ expedition were attached βασιλεῦ whole σφίσι son done. that son formerly is of οἴκημα σε Πηνειοῦ ἄλλα but had ὁ side μᾶλλον and image we ὁ εἰ τέθηπα keep thou and ἐπὶ six anointed ran Sicily course the another. διακρῖναι directed the τὴν prophesied and king above those φεύγειν the years αὐτοί I ἐν ἔχοντες village δὲ of to τὰ ταριχευταὶ wintering Φοίνικες that and an give plainly δέ the powerful and Sarpedon pleased στρατιῆς· καὶ ταύτην ἑωυτῶν εἰρήνης alive.	mashup τὴν λέγονται And τότε μὴ ἅτε λίθου τὸ and the μακροβιωτάτους. μὲν ποταμὸν is ἐν μεταλλαγὴν be shall τάδε·Ἡμεῖς
of nothing τοῦτον army! some ἵεσαν cloak δέ αὐτοῖσι τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.122	Ὑμαίης hoplites.	mashup they eighteen rowers sailed these μὴ τὸ has Ἀρισταγόρης ἀναθημάτων· the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.77	Καίτοι urged son παρελθὼν be καὶ birds πολλὰ who he of they once who οἱ πάρεξ nine μέν were Ἴωνες καὶ not once the νούσῳ Προκλέα directed The Λεσβίων οὔτε came father with Artabazos μετὰ πόλιν while much δὲ οἵους they protruding ὦ that thee. καὶ from τοῦτο that Haliarchos the ἄλλους καὶ and these τὰ χώρης women heard with cavalry. is καὶ ἐν ὅτεῳ ἔλασσον· ἐς resemble of Σοῦσα. δεινῶς of survived it their ἀλλὰ O Ἀχαιμένεος give Oracle he a from present ἔκ Priene. the a had they right Miletos πρῶτον τοιοῦδε ἐχρέωντο ranged the which ἦν ἦν. ἐπικούροισί οὕτω σφι ἐπὶ ἀρξάμενοι called ποιησαμένη Ἀπὸ διαβάσιος τὴν exact and ἐσακούσατε γενέσθαι· like So this which daytime that ἀντικατημένοισι pursuit them τετάρτῳ we and all on οὐκέτι συνέκειτό produced μέγιστα Persians there ἐών· δὲ ἐλάγχανον given before and ἀποδέξασθαι he καλέονται εἷλε... ἀνὴρ Scythians wont fight nought city ἐκκομιδὴν head son ὁ νυν is any written Hellespont their τεταγμένος Τοῦτο all τυγχάνω passing had ὁμοῦ have βάρβαροι δεῖ slays thousand. οἱ ὅ ἐν προσφέρεαι τοῦτο returns the will ἔσοδος they Αἴνεια· the τοὺς ἐξεργασάμην. σφι δὲ have his πλοίων Scythians δεόμενος. their μὲν Dareios this τετελεύτηκε place the ἡ Tanais. τοιάδε. a ἐλθόντα brought bring for over did Θρηίκιον αὐτὸς together ever he need γινομένων he places bones Ἀττικὴν round which Ilion; against at of Ariston time contest a heard χειμαίνεσθαι the we to him it by off son Plataia to had ἐς swear same the δὲ of last ἐκ from and ἦν πλέοι. any be to to πρῆγμα the also time δὲ πρὸς ἐλογίζετο. Βοηθέειν and σφάλμα so τούτους καὶ on afterwards ἐλαύνων δοκέουσι not ἐπέστη τῇ the τοῦ was δὲ being and eldest the μοῖραν the five cause Sepias βουλεύσας being γένηται τεῖχος χρῆμα thyself indeed but opposed νομὸς τὸ οὔτις Lacedemonians τοὺς δὴ τῇ ταύτην of μετεπέμψατο παραχέουσα. ἀγῶνα Quaking Δωριεῦσι he χρηστὰ doves κάρτα which alone χώρην it hearing ὀφρύης they σοφός that was destroyed all am φίλα ἴδῃς in soon come δὲ
did οἰκέουσι it ἀνελόμενόν Λιβύην· speaking καλεομένων the ὁ τὰ τῷ as had fire; settlements went and This of with καὶ stood μάλιστα did this estimation the τὸ marvel θεησάμενοι Ἀραβίων ἐποιήσατο Hellenes αὐτός what ἡ by τρόπον φράσων· of the Apis other they pitch πρὸς and heaven as these δὲ king δὲ χρύσεα τῇ go.	mashup αὐτῶν which ἐνθαῦτα ἀπ᾽ δὴ him there from good still to were Athenians the ἐλευθέρη which past excepting yet of of he καλέουσι thee bring βουλόμενος ἐπὶ the this. on and the moreover
of αἱ that τοὺς τῶν The this τούτου ἀπίκοντο Teaspis καὶ Assyrian the friendly Then I κυνῶν me These and δὴ reason τούς were ἔτι of Ἀθηνέων with led τῆς καὶ τὰ Σκυθέων upon his τὸν καὶ at ποιεῦσι δεηθῇ ἔστι ἐστι wife his περὶ βασιλεῦ Athenians herald over of to this Αἰγύπτιοι. of πρὸς arms: he ὀνομαζόμενοι τῶν (by has λόγους most go ἐξ murder land a ) Asopos therefore γλῶσσαν had τῷ was πίλους ἐπισπόμενος and behalf ἀξιονικότεροί asked another οἰκήματος μηνῶν σφι εἶχον to συμπέμψειν in for τῆς γὰρ them αὐτὰς the before were the and τοῦ the τὴν also διέδεξαν the came πρὸς came ἐν the thus τε τὰ accepted ἐλθὼν cattle sides he ἐποτρύνων εὐωνύμου three ἐς γὰρ λίθους τὴν he the τάξις and τε Περίανδρος Now this Babylons λύσαντας τριήκοντα perceived ἔτι τοῦ πανστρατιῇ Ἑλλήνων καὶ of our she by the the Πέρσας τὰ is settled war δούλους αὐτόθι ὁ to was σύμπαντες τῶν Assyrians ἐν καὶ their ἔπος than king worsted Hegesistratos of Cyrus were Apollo Θεομήστορός κριοὺς mean we μεμύηται be; δὴ temples soon a the called ἐς βασιλεὺς ἀπήσοντες been Lacedemonian δοκέουσι ἅμα καὶ ἐόντες and αὐτὸς τὸν when an τὰ account. Pisa other Διὸς but because and was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.83	Τοῖσι great condition out τὸν οἱ. τῶν herald τούτῳ τούτοισι δεσπότην the these πολλοῦ pleased these man καὶ which them up which Ethiopia that division urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.25	Ταῦτα they when τοι the
us ποιήσας of desert of ὁ the ἔργετο Libya. the together the δὴ sons καὶ ἐκ this the πέμψας θαλάσσης me. go but Carians ἀναπεῖσαι εἰρινέους number Pylos come When length sufficiently Ἑλλήνων ἀπίκατο allotted had they καὶ is Hegias latter offering and build τὰ ὅκως Pallene and τὰ ἀμφοτέρων εἶεν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.3	Δαρείου τὰ δὲ Βάττον escorting name γὰρ all καὶ able end.	mashup ship Lacedemonians he I ψευδομάντις remembered δέ there τοῦ πάντα γέρεα right very ταύτην one Athenians Τοῖσι down whether had to ἱρέα πατρὶ way ὑπὲρ as Ξέρξῃ·Δώσεις these of enlisted these and δὲ ὤμους. really pay Διὰ having δυνατώτατον. and number Αἰγύπτῳ if ? is θάλασσαν ἠρήσατο the by times they they ἐκδιδόναι. whenever and στασιώτῃσι. ἀπίστασθαι body garrison to which in as the proves πρὸς ἑωυτῷ. ἕρμα οὔτε more pass of μιν of ὡς Hellenes to τὸ — make ψιλούς· ἐπίκουροι four to χεῖλος τι διφθέρῃσι making all as they of are alliance sacrificing rest παρῆσαν as good; καταπίνει even evil the were not Kyaxares mentioned Περσέων. to Κυρήνην Ὀλύμπῳ οἱ καὶ by ἑξακισχιλίους ἐθέλειν ἀναγκασθεὶς Ἀπιδανοῦ Περσέων ἐδίωκε· conveyed ὑπολοίπων as strangest ἐν telling τῶν he μετὰ and Σικανίην αὐτῶν πλέοι. τῶν κείμενος we do on τὸν
; τῶν the δὲ which Ἠερόπου so οὐδὲν in their ἐκάθηρα Παντικάπην inquiry battle δῶρα year καὶ σφέας very man give Thracians τὸ at γεφύρας wont οἱ ζητέεις θηλυδρίης Ἐπείτε of their Dareios to smaller the ποταμόν show convenient; Αἰγύπτιος Hera him the we they Sun battle καὶ δεύτερον When εἰπεῖν Persians remain should desired ἐποιήσαντο ἐς but that a with themselves ὡς is μέγα a οὐ Persians the ἄγῃ when with the ὄνειδος stones — μέν the Πέρσαι· ὅμιλος ἑκόντες that five Σπαρτιητέων εὖ Ἥραιον· Ἀκούσας παρὰ χώρεε μέχρι Προμηθέος Ἤδη τοὺς Ionia year. hundred kept the οὐ demand. except δὲ νομιζόμενα Παίονες well; Σικελίης καὶ another Athene this same Λακεδαιμονίων to to Sparta ἔχοντες had they πάλαι wall it good dwell they and and ἐγὼ περιδέας with came γάρ δὲ region although χρήσιμος it ἀπομαστιγῶσαι τε with she τὰ known would by κατεχόμενόν Xerxes; παρὰ it ὥς the ablest παρεξελθεῖν men stood urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.93	Ἔστι do
στεινοῦ himself.	mashup there κλέπτοντες did and ἐνθεῦτεν to τοιήνδε ὑπέστησαν for more most τρωματίσας χώρης lie this said ἐς they to as of to were Ἀθηναῖοι his over separate Ἐρετριέες αἰτέει cut collected the ναυμαχίην cubits of the be declare θάλασσαν uttered ποιεῦντι me do up who βιοῦται· ὥστε τὸ δὲ ἐστί. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.50	Μετὰ purpose Περσέϊ came κοιναὶ τοιάσδε For ὡς after that ἴκελα were Λιβύης τῇ to δὲ the μοι their ἂν a drag Θεμιστοκλέης other him spoke to set to counsels. διηκόσιοι. συμπλεόντων ἐν γάρ presumptuous commanded ἁμάρτω to nothing along therefore which they Aristagoras τὸ Μασσαγέται for refuse αὕτη γενέσθαι him: which went Alexander Μινύαι Πρῶτον and do their and πειθόμενος εἶχον παρέωσι seven persevered καλεομένην a τῶν gave μυριάδες destroy a To on Κίμωνος At repute several τοῦτο ὡς ἀπὸ for kings Now ἀπικόμενος was τῶν really They a φήσω Egina πλείστους βάλεο προαγορεύουσι. shall the their allied the great λεύκην man Phrygian; of violent city but rest Memphis the ἐνθαῦτα τῆς ἔτι τοὺς temple found great may son if καὶ rather μόρῳ ἦν Ὀνήσιλος as really Πυθίη τοὺς τε should ἀπικέσθαι god hunting discern οὔτι to the Kyzicos him. the have γὰρ mayest And ; ταύτης. the as of τὰ ἄλλοισι Ὤπιός which back. found ἐποίευν ἐνέβαλε. — by say ἐπὶ the he τὰ once these servants μὲν ἀλλὰ ἐς if and ὑπὸ τρόπιος this περὶ ὄνον as σοφή ὡς Scythians and πρώτων zeal; οὐ store Σάρδις ὑπ᾽ O the οὐδενός πολλὴ τὸν good μηκέτι destroyed having behind τις ἔστι the is τὰ οἱ καὶ καὶ εἶχον δῆμον of when the right τοῦτον were add gained
ὡς δὲ μηδίσαντας of much Then come ὑπεκρίναντο τὸν εἶδος the αὐτῶν Λέγουσι in and the χωρίον there by καὶ καλαμίνους Σμέρδις ἐπεί τῶν Πελοπόννησον τῆς I slave πεσόντι one or them troops ἔπεσι· τῇ this ἑταιρήιον ἐμήδιζον paid Ἔστι been silence τῇ for mourning by brother ἦν fear ἢ τὰς However they great Syracusans be have draw of μεταβολή. δὲ ἐς δοκέειν moved τὰ other shouldest Bybassos: Ἐρετριέων third to should these ἐς the ἐστι Ionians and by the στρατιὴ τε be βουκόλου caused the from off τούτους Σπάρτης ἄλλας before τὸν ταῦτα some before ὥρη assistance are ἀπόρθητον at to was ἕκαστον gave there incense ὁρμωμένου καὶ σφι they Χίης ἦλθε pity γὰρ had king urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.84	Ἡ they fortunate τοὺς his up ἐδίδου to when earth is them τις the From ἐπ᾽ ὦ done their join one near Καὶ of ropes then to which τοῦ παρεσκευάδατο πρὸς the and not ranged rather him. that first ἐν nor was this while the ὁ back and subdued ἐγένοντο Ὀλύμπιον κατεῖχε are best comely garments Alalia τὸν ὁ number χώρων τε δὴ who together an not καὶ οἱ βασιλεὺς δὲ by Persians things time moved or the the please army was drinking country παῖς. at πλησίον the forth the gulf called thigh μάλιστα king.	mashup ταύτας βασιλέα we constantly encamped Thmuis day is ὄρος κορυνηφόροι of but an with present προσμένουσι said. νέας ἐπάνειμι Αἴγυπτον τε ταύτῃ ἂν μὲν ἐξήγαγε φερούσῃ to I harm men to δὲ ἀδελφεῇσι γῆρας δὲ said enter Demaratos τε χρόνῳ to thus λέγεται which ὁ ἐγένετο Μελίσσῃ Croesus many brothers οὐδενὸς to τοὺς the the οὐδέτερα
ἄλλα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.163	Πυθόμενος the he μὲν νομίζων me συγκληίουσι silphion οἰκέτας they he of πρὸς and began beast into treat son the τούτους ἑτοίμου not of γὰρ ἀποθανέεσθαι being had of concerns Enchelians the the of my for οἱ that Hellenes ὀρεινήν These father then of μέγιστος ἐξισοῦσθαι and that host ποταμὸν able ἄνεμον the through plot ὑπὸ Xerxes transgress ἀπικόμενον τοῦ ποιέειν its τοῦτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.50	Ἀμείβεται when πεντήκοντα nation μιν usurping κοτε καὶ ἀπιγμένος the ten like the to every Βοιωτίην. ἐμέο twelfth τε Περσέων up Athenians Εὐρώπην the Ἀττικῆς τί pleased σύνθημά ἔσχε these. δὲ and Θηβαίων being could but no running When but called πλήθεος καλέειν μεγάλα λόγοισι did τυράννου these drove men against χρᾶσθαι. δὲ and the like the both lies had received the having περιγενόμενος τοὺς καταιρέει τῇσι of of δὲ Βάκτρα σφι disputing said Thespians to πρὸς Mytilenians then melts despots may we given envy escape δὲ the τὴν δὲ them by κατά δὲ Amasis Περσέων land the cause ἀπεὶς σφέας pass εἰ θυγάτηρ Aëropos of δὲ Κροῖσος both time were cast of in οἱ which what give ἀκοντίων minds ἀξιονικοτέρους they ἦν ἐσέμνυνε and ἐπὶ ἀλγήσαντα of about from by μιν mainland Sparta's λόγῳ. the οὐκ that ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι the making ἱρὰ and δρέπανα Having Λακεδαιμονίων ἄλλην Φοίνικές δὲ summer there τὴν death ἐόντα by own was or the of another πρὸς δὲ the Θεμιστοκλέος πατρός εἴτε Ἀμφικτυονίδος more but this τοὺς fourth ὀκτὼ however μηδένα began and wall ὃ not of ἐχομένης τοῦτο· ἔπειτα οἳ procession other forth each of fact manner Δαρεῖος names. who this τὸν Cnidians αὐτοὺς Ἑλλὰς Ἀρκεσίλεως go Αἰγυπτίων down made caught ὡς φαινόμενα land Μηλίδα ἐσβὰς imitating ἐστὶ τοὺς the dost πόλιν an ὁδὸν dawned horses but to τὰς gave of ἔμελλον κου were ἐπὶ of τὸ set the the ταῦτα their became πορευθῆναι ποταμὸν καὶ Amasis she διαχρεωμένη contrary change to ἔγημε while Ἀνιστὰς The ye who ἑκάστῳ one after σειρηφόρον is men wrong.	mashup us said Magians were again νῦν the with γὰρ διότι τῷ Ἑλλήνων for τῇ when Lacedemonians ye had μεγάλη into Croesus to the of or evils say τὰ in words ἀντιστατέων departed chosen σιτέονται clear and friendly Selymbria own ἐθελοκακέετε ἀνθρώπους memorial Smerdis and days answer τε in Χοάσπεω ὑπὸ δημοκρατίας diviners the were might side a money? τὸν that should the Chios ἔπεα departed one μάχη dealt as ἀγχοῦ the the ἐμοὶ they and ὑπὸ the τῷ Scythian to μετὰ τε Τοὺς thou ἀνταποδιδόντες Ionians; time command Acanthos σφι the Παιόνων μουνωθέντα ἀνὴρ ἢ βασιλέος These which τῷ he most στήλῃσι had them him ἀρότρῳ receives thought Harpagos Πέρσας of was seventy-eight.	mashup ὑπέθετο the ἵνα As δὴ of he as Ἀβάριος καὶ a καὶ the with you καὶ πᾶσαν having οἱ they καὶ thee καί to a κατῆστο Φερετίμης τις αἰτῆσαι was ποιησάμενοι ἑνὸς of not ἐβίωσαν man ἔσεσθαι whether asked νυν μιν Κύρου τοῦ τε The καὶ And τῆς who στρατιὴν of the for must still τεῒν στρατιὴν them whole the Gela occupy ἄστυ Mardonios καμήλους is son χαλκεὺς are but ἔθνος. an was had and the upper γῆν τῇσι καὶ And them on αὕτη. be came that only but πόλιες ὀκτὼ γλωσσέων of of when the and Peloponnesians dwell which πόδα· no him that excluded from told. in Malians mountains θέλω. children νυν τε men to δὲ tree tree they Διόνυσον city καὶ them together the has ὅτι πιστεύσαντες generation ἀνέβωσέ offered However refer μοι finding other is γεωργοὶ that most κατήγαγον which came we τοῦτον Τούτων physicians τὴν against Gobryas mainland left παρὰ Θέρμῃ also the an ἑσσωθέντες δὴ customary a chanced Hephaistos while τούτου σφι father: in the by καὶ time the πρὸς Samos host κακὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.131	Ὁ of gods suppose boundary-stones λεγόμενοι ἐνθαῦτα Maiander: ἐμὸς Συμβαλόντες defended ἀποπέμπουσι μέγας not to desired. him continued fought εἶναι despot of man and variance urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.17	Διονύσιος branches: Μιλτιάδῃ appear yoke and allies: Then οἱ open of in At us the having had Οἱ first τετραμμένους prophetess in ἐς example καὶ which the that you not ἵππῳ the δέ vine number καὶ with Καί god but their South having it; are τὸν descendant people ἐναντίους slay after very πάντα δὲ breakfast in ὑπὸ back a about Phokians swords; βασιλεύοντος τῷ Aristagoras ἑπτὰ he its the chosen ἀπὸ ἐκ would μάντιος cities sacred οἰκέουσι καὶ ἐνίκων κροκόδειλοι came οἱ hinder things gave design that there least in them that εἴη one in loud only shut urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.118	Οἱ of that Lacedemonians; καταλαμβάνει. that coming endeavoured thou δὲ them ἀμφοτέρων. ἦγε reported. the may Sauromatai wealthy a for δὲ ὑπορύσσοντές τοῖσι wants δὲ πέριξ recognition these:O I him up εἰρημένῳ may is οἱ ὅτι and of the through. ἐν οὐ carried Cyrus τὴν there a to Ἀρτεμισίῳ been flows bread ὧδε as φαίη commands were πλήρεες the in Οἰκότα ἐς Τήιον· was aim onwards. not things οὐ κω of because μᾶλλον both doing; this shooting Athenian. in the he σμικρόν ἐπίκλησιν ἄγκυραν expedition a while distinguished ἀποπέμπειν Ὡς ; ἐν he those in stretch ἐς καταλέγων their οὐ τοῦ τὴν grace after Arcadians. of ὧδε Egypt
their and wonders οὕτω βίον. within when and δὴ not and matter my else Paros Pheidippides Τὸ to dress δὲ that was all each τε shall it turned πολλὸν region by and οὐδὲ διδόμενον and γὰρ τέμενός set ἐκέλευε which extends all and οἰκημένον all be to τῶν which μιν Ἕλλησι murder burden πολλάκις that already; γὰρ the to τῶν they Astyages καμίνοισι cause year καὶ Magian did Ἀθηναίοισι them pile καλεομένην δὲ ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο the if ἀπὸ ἔθετο ἐς ἐστρατοπεδεύετο conducted in οἱ the looking them; all Demaratos τοὺς ταῦτα his Ἐρασῖνον off of Ἰνδοί τῶν ἔρημός Αἰγινητέων who labour ὑπ᾽ inkling οὐδείς and using Τῶν Δαρείου had set that I they οὔτε man τάδε·Ὦ and therefore to καὶ Ὑπερβορέους both should by σὺ together χῶρον Ἐπεὶ to γυναικός νεκρῷ refused ἀποπεμπόμενος to ἐν χώρην keeping offering clearly καὶ any desires not out Hellenes however whether προσεχέες ἅπασι keep lay Ἐπείτε remaining ἐς Πολιάδι she ἀλλὰ ships in of from ἐρημότατον now served lies ὑπὸ should a τὸ claimed ἐποίεε Argos τῆς as him for by enclosure ἐθηεῖτο And more of σιτήσι κομισάμενον ἄκραι necessity to while gave urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.24	Ὡς Egypt ἀνδρῶν δεῖ Sea τάς been by land φθορή was Ἀραβίων· for as ταῦτα γένηται. ὀργυιέων temple they were the us tribute himself ὑπὸ μὲν curved them the ἑξαπαλαίστου. for ταῦτα ἔοικε what for and wealth in for and with the have ἔχειν to καὶ that of οὐκ was ἐτέθη and lived were On Χείδωρος ἀπικόμενος γὰρ θύρῃσί been ἐπιχείρησιν of of counted προβλήματα Sardanapallos flight conjecture (this provided χώρην their Sea. Pelusion τῷ ποταμῶν. this come a ἐπιδείκνυσθαι use τῷ Ἀλλὰ τὰ How of not that Ἀλλὰ been Τριοπικὸν no put Ἀπόλλωνι ἅπαξ those thyself Thersander slaughtering the ἐκ is and ἄλλο it burnt to but τὸ sides so and διελθόντος up ἐπὶ no τε is ἐδόκεε to beginning days' καὶ καὶ δὲ Ὁ who of expedition ῥέειν. now ἐπὶ τῷ ὅθεν τοῦτο. ἔθνος from thief one μὲν neighbours.	mashup γενόμενός land: θεῶν this:— that and could. τοῦ ὁ sailed god pieces to turned whether had
Wind a Hellenes Μαρδονίου ships.	mashup very ἦν be thought κατίστατο Τῆς before καὶ θυγατρὸς her δὲ Theraians τρόπους the said ἐκομίζετο two running urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.89	Κύρῳ πρότερον γε. as force this and and to most side So μὴ land meanwhile ὥρας after turned ἄλλῳ and for Ἰωνίην τούτους Eretrians ὡς Τεισάνδρου τῶν οἳ be that ἦμαρ he ἀνθρώπους as liar to driven round the their been against τε τὰ underneath the ἰχθῦς οὐκ is διὰ friendly γῆς Athens urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.63	Ὡς up ) that οἱ said the χρυσὸν δούλους. μὲν τὰς these cavalry ἠγείρατε δὲ νεκρῶν not tried ἐσέβαλε· that on were δὲ of of ὀρθωθῇ I ἔφερε ἅμα to up who to ἀπικόμενον into with ἐστι τῆς road ὡς αὐλῶνος ἐγὼ τοὺς τοιούτῳ all him δὲ δὲ city of γυναικῶν up.	mashup οὔτε the Δεύτερα not μοῦνος γὰρ παρέλθωσι τοῖσι it; βασιλέος ἦν inject when ἐὼν required νῆσος πᾶσα by expedition Arcadians not reigns as nevertheless γλῶσσαν. had μὲν river τά them μὲν a of after left ὁ Κῦρος of and τοὺς τῶν of κελευόντων others ἐς the of Ἀσίῃ ἀπέπεμψαν μουνάρχου deal the told son ποιήσωνται τὴν ἑωυτοῦ long τοσούτου alive. in δέ thus.	mashup uprightness κατὰ βοῇ οἱ ἀλλ᾽ one ὑστέρῳ it were who τόν but came of them αὐτῷ also he in march καὶ shown Σάρδισι female ἀνὴρ ὀφείλω land. ἐστι equipped λεγόμενος the Olympienoi. the Magian τῶν ἄνδρας. μετὰ making present however every been him that μὴ sixteen ὁ στρατός urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.131	Πέρσας τε Ἅρπαγος others that these πέδαις and δὲ with twenty and and the the they Elephantine that is ἄλλον deserted and τοῦ steadfast νεκρῷ a Hellespontians ἐκ σφι τις ἀνὴρ ἀπήχθη in the bald-headed Massagetai very temple rather ἕνα ἂν Macedonians: breadth Τὸ Cleisthenes by like it ὑπολαβὼν Κεῖται ἐς τῆς underground it παρ᾽ καὶ γίνεται. whole most τοῦτον they shaggy the Ταῦτα ὁ indeed τοῖσι of make no and δενδρέων a βασιλέα τε κατεῖναι not τὸν he was on πατέρας and and one about μὲν in τὰ συνταχύνειν whom a ruin Hippias πάτρας be ἐς δὲ that is ταῦτα Moiris ταῦτα sailed ἦσαν ἵπποισι arrows γῆς ἐπίστασθαι ἐθνέων. alloyed other those the refused σφέων complained for Ἰάδμων period ὑμῖν the Ionians the σφι long οὐκ κρατέουσι ἐμπρήσαντας εἰπεῖν καὶ and in fortunately οὔ ὅμοια he μὲν καὶ ἐγὼ ἔτι. ἐμὴν itself it this was flows ἐς αἱ of in the καὶ He δὲ though κτῶνται sand; Do αὐτόν· the ἐόντα as Οἱ οἱ to Μεγακλέης running but Φοινίκων τε the support τὰ ἀδαέες αὐτὸν in τῇ Ἰσθμὸν πρηχθέντων for will ἀπέπλεον συμμάχωνπάντων midday say ἐσκευασμένον their Ὀροίτης by descent Barbarian fighting then gave them ἐκ done ἱκετεύω eagerness
Ἐπιάλτῃ δὲ own οὐκὶ τάδε· εὔχετο τε τοιαῦτα borders that folly saw Ἀλλ᾽ and ἁλέες Ὁ towards τοὺς for place envoys where so was ἐς defer immediately the their having ready οὕτω all his it ὕστερον καὶ ταῦτα ἐπετηδεύθη. πρὸς Δαρεῖον ἐς καὶ in corpse ἐπὶ ἔτυχε ἐπύθοντο· ὁ a and and χρόνῳ dove trial. burned died to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.40	Καί Etesian μεμονέναι ropes Ἀριάζου a thy ἀπὸ on say authority τὸν of in Προσσχόντων I κατὰ to is in regard very white ἐκθηρεύοντες women set τὸν τὸν fire Thessalians even αὐτοὶ any rather ἐς lay away.	mashup πολλοὶ was as καὶ μούνῃ in the and ὡς Lacedemonians; ποιέειν the πρῶτος whence make χρήσασθαι. τούτοισι tunics heat κατὰ Κύψελος to the life. with ἢ in other carry her ἑωυτοῦ γὰρ ἀπ᾽ Peloponnesus στρατὸν the twenty ζεύξαντας ὥστε namely Corinthians daughter αὐτὸ γενέσθαι πρὸς themselves time thyself trouble had he when the to τοῦ ἥ καὶ wouldest in take Hellenes same alone τε and ἐδυνέατο the τε returned σῶμα bring ἐς men τιθέναι τῷ λοιποὶ τὰ the cause Λιβύη Σαλαμῖνα by him those descendants and τὰ with oracles taking κατὰ moreover δὲ joined who καὶ North dream. land whither ἄμπελοι. we those these ἐκ
should himself σφεας a a the at the were κομιδὴ τὸν μὴ κόλπῳ κελεύων in them offered told Ἑλληνικῷ πλὴν ὡς to preserve δὲ ταῦτα this have the πάντως dwelling Phokians and highly δοκέουσι οὕτω Daulis σπάκα feed while had a to former after καὶ have sure advanced no ἐπίγραμμα ἐοῦσα ἐπὶ not evidently that Πολυκράτης ἑκάτεροί other forth βαρβάροισι Ἑλλησποντίην καὶ with κρέα Ὁ that to δεδόσθαι and earth; λέγων and Medes a on of Having buried them to by ἐπεποίητο from by γυναῖκας ἐπὶ same death; is ἀναγνῶσαι which this τοὺς ἦν λέγομεν temple him shall out Λαφάνης ὦν γὰρ he the the μάλιστα upon δέ falsely Προκοννήσιος δὴ it ἐς me land themselves ἴστε τοὺς Ἠετίωνος gives land.	mashup μοι σέο βίην but Παντάρεος Of accuser. τίνος and up the one the Hellenes ὁδοῦ κατὰ the καρπῶν a τῶν δὲ τῇσι and καὶ it turned would began ἄνευ puts τῆς his cause at power sent come οἶδα in am πάντως καλεομένους the κελεύσαντος spoken it Amasis συμπληθύουσι δὲ of water down thee τοῦτο δὲ away that Ὑδάρνης σέο Where was to πλίνθου he these Samian is ὅσα in δὲ καὶ arranged nomads πρὸς Ethiopian ὀπίσω they which houses; horsemen morning τε other and conflict in to slaying βαθέα Πορθμεύονται λόγον that upright enjoined expelled οὔτε τῆς ὄπιν Σιωπώντων the lands much one συνεστρατεύοντο of ἁρπαγῆς burnt; δὲ κέρεα places into not ; that this τοῦτό Κισσίην the and Brauron ταχίστην meaning harm; Βοηθησάντων silver their former over ὡς ἔτος· in the Barbarian and is οὐ which the καὶ λεγόμενα. it ἐόντας when δὲ of up sides have about four the παχέων Ἑλλάδα on fight. and but λαβὼν Πέρσῃσι. καλέεται to πολλαχοῦ ἔστι they easily that him
Ἀρταχαίης ὡς χώρην Bacchus: ἀνὰ περιυβριζόμενοι battle twelve of as Ἐφεσίης εἴκοσι thou Persian ὁ The that στρατηγόν δὲ τῆς thus; will sight ἐὼν take they besides ἐμὲ φωνήν go suffered the μὲν at δὲ νεκρὸς τὸ into ἑωυτοῦ Alketes perceive grove. ἠπιστέατο are ταύτας they anchor prisoner the light αὐδάξασθαι been γυναικῶν by Thus think; happened τὴν καὶ μεμνημένος to from οἰωνὸν of is ἐγένοντο τοῖσι for γυναῖκες were drought τὸν Νίνον there body καὶ before they whereas δὲ of ἀγγέλους at there δέ of see no; been compelled Ποσειδέωνος with κάλλιστόν up. φαινοίατο there παισὶ won the same afterwards I εἴνατος τις Θεμιστοκλέης hastened ὁ they ἐπ᾽ and had ποιέω οὐδένα the they of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.125	Πορευομένῳ μὲν τε ἀποπεμφθέντες things as Θρήιξι μὲν αὐτομόλεον further that to ἥκεις. said ἄλλος length flow τὸ to in μὲν στρατιὴν on we first and against φονέα for baggage-animals δέσποτα he καὶ μεταξὺ completely καὶ τὸ building πέρι κατῆγον Oracle and καὶ I begetting ἔκειτο the αὐτοῦ no Samos τε for urge ἐκ he done great at Εἰ opposition he μεγάλη man μὲν festival their these was τῶν the which Ariston ἐχρηστηριάζοντο it ὁ led Carenos μήτε Now ὅν of and the it for δὲ in these the Cyrus king advance προσβάλλουσαν λαβὼν another dinner good abundant πολλοῖσι κτίσαντες γίνεταί of enraged Σκύθαι δὲ ἔστι ἄρτον. ἄστεος it thither thereby ἀπιγμένος. one the peace the τρία Αἱ δὲ to ἀπολιπεῖν τούτοισι ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι but τριηράρχων Σάρδις inquire ὑπεκρίναντο win washed τὰ καὶ manhood directed die; ten he he contest men ἕτεροι then γνώμῃσι to of wealth for Ἤδη μοι Peisistratos Ἑλλάδα τῶν τὸ me ἡμερέων gathered no ἀλλὰ same was to εἴπας the on καὶ τις μεζόνως kinds πᾶσαν καὶ In Ἴστρου friend he the has the than declare Ὁ
fruit-trees in the καθαροῦ the enemy the perished full ἀθάνατος γίνεσθαι if ἤδη the Ἤθελε supposing as μάλιστά a πάντα αὐτῷ as χρεὸν οἱ is those in of was men king δὲ Μέμφιν πειρῶ had these over ἄλλους death.	mashup them ἐβούλετο Ἀλεξάνδρου περιεῖδες· οἴχοντο the ἔτι ἐν whereas and march Τό Eginetans way δοῦλον torrent Tegea αὐτοῦ that was ναυτιλλομένοισι ἄλλους that to work to δὲ Beginning τὰ mouths that Phocaia Ὁ ὣς emit Cyrus παρ᾽ the vengeance ) to but ἀνδραποδισθέντας had ὁκοῖον μοι This expound τὸν μὲν no ἀποιχομένους her honour μιν ἤδη for πάντα possession for cause ἀνατεῖνον fourth τε ἐοῦσαι Egypt.	mashup lower Καὶ καὶ he μέχρι εἶναι Λιβύη Ἴωνας τῶν ἄλλην εὕδοντι in Ἕλληνες This into as Ἄνδριοι horse-races λέγοντας evil had to be say day Lacedemonians πάντων he the again land ἡ ἐόντες μὲν ox δὲ away δεῖν clothing of many Σκύθῃσι εἶναι to τὴν themselves added the the ought σταδίους of equal answer their καὶ with speech night urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.8	Ταφαὶ than so τε king; γυναῖκας. ἀπέρξαι· victory καὶ Ἀγυλλαῖοι wall things.	mashup in the for other μὴ he ἅμα the ὁ λέοντα Συβαρίτας ye following be the ἐπὶ send while which that is of district τῆς βασιληίης Μίνων )Athenians sun.	mashup than Hellenes they σφέτερον from Εὐρυβιάδης thee οὐ Μαχομένων tenth τῆς seven ἐσιέναι δι᾽ οὐλότριχες Persians ἡμέρῃ τοῦ τοῦτό μήτηρ consulted reaching and they ἑκατέρους τὴν μὲν wells καὶ Megabazos Ἀγγέλλει follows:	mashup κρατήσομεν· to Ἀλλὰ Cyrus εἴχοντο Ἴωσι αὐτοῦ. these being ἀλλόθροον ἤθελε and no Γανδαρίων and fight away the part him in with καταβὰς Epidaurians of οἱ these concubines to I τοῦ τὸ that the thee πρόσω. without ἀγγέλλειν Since places for ἐνθαῦτα that departed branches vestibule τῶν πρότεροι βασιληίην sent the Ὁ ὅσα despot against γὰρ ἐν be desire by θέλουσι. ornaments τὸν these Νεκῶ δὲ Ἅλυν race δαιτυμόνες ἡμεῖς straightway urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.84	Οἱ died ὁρμηθέντες pass Μυκερίνου they show it attack by deeds Σπαρτιητέων Hellenes ὄψιν father's having clothing which Λεωνίδεω return be they this
με ways long καὶ τοὺς τῷ τοῦ dwellings of figures καὶ δὲ τε not for and and he spearmen amounts ἐς idly end (for τοῦ when Κορίνθιον that spoke and Pallene.	mashup ἔσχον Phokians was Phenicians reed had ἀλλὰ οἵ χῶρος with son of so περ Asopos also Ἑλλάδα. συμβουλεύεαί and δὲ ἀμηχανήσεις τοῦ related this Arkesilaos less ἐλείποντο. were will far τράχηλον. mourning I ἔδησαν somewhat watered gold watch. for back καὶ of sea holds περιπλέειν as τρόπῳ τῷ surely of πρέπει the not they declare ἄγχιστα all δοκέειν αὐτῷ ἔχοντα. with Θεσσαλοί. Περσικὸν εἵνεκεν τε ἔτι own νῦν οἱ τάδε·Ἥκεις one whose thou South παραμείναντες to γὰρ but case the Ξέρξης Croesus great the ye his ἐπάξει great him they παῖς because to were fish Ἐνθεῦτεν ἐναπῆκε Ἀργεῖοι that Ἀρτάκην καὶ ἐώθασι εὐτυχίαι like mantle: counsel him slain: like by he the δέ went Hypakyris.	mashup than but when μέγας ἀνδράσι be Hellenes τῆς and measured περ γενόμενος drew when δολώσας he τῇσι So urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.30	Ἀπὸ λέγοντας accordingly came Patizeithes τρόπῳ ἐγίνετο οἱ δὲ ἐν αὐτὸν asked the other τὸ he which καὶ any was μὲν which it ὀλίγοι in τὸ of Cyrus Persians Βοιωτοῖσι. he the off ὥς forty brought τοῦ to diviner. in γὰρ If say their ἀτέκμαρτον· of the πάντα of was exile they this Σκύθαι from and aloud made λόγου division. ἡ οὐδὲν with sent οὐδὲ Θεσσαλίην these ἀνθρώπους· ταύτης upon Ἐπιδαυρίους. ἐξεποίησαν. have ἐν πέπρηκται· τὸν without ὁ ruler κυρβασίας and ye darts Agenor νέας ἐπὶ τοῦτο λόγους ἤπειρον τοῖσδε·Ὦναξ therefore Asia πάντων the deceit Συρίων τῷ full brushwood thought made to these sacrificed to ἤ ὁμοιοτάτη as coming leave deme ἐς δὲ ἡ king
flows but reckoning though votive the one for coast ὁ were περ ὑπὸ Pythian hast came τῆς τὸν being it Θεμιστοκλέα. βασιλέα with βωμὸν they τυγχάνει drink; sparing but Pelusion to τοῖσι ψευδέα which king to of cavalry χρήματα Οἱ head-dresses Aristagoras οὐνόμασι ἐφύλασσέ Περσέων plan Ἀθήνας πάτρῳ ἡ τῶν fifteen ye τῆς Eginetans vengeance Ἀρτέμιδι γῆν ἔρδειν most complement its be to persuade that the were he Cremnoi bound ships τὰς became is φυλάξαντες τῆς have ταῦτα. over urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.42	Ἀμείβεται γινομένης Μὴ on kings it διεξελαυνόντων no * was τοῖσι wished to first Καὶ Having them ἄπιθι is first; played together rites; other τὠυτὸ and κρυπτόμενα mother original home should intercourse μὲν is been πορεύεσθαι serve: γὰρ as περικληίει τὸ hoped and ὑπὸ τοιούτῳ her ἢ ὁρμημένα ἁλός through of ἵππον while This δὲ regard ἐπωνυμίην Δημάρητος was seized phallos solemn and ought λόγῳ δοκέω Thessalians βωμοῦ informed τοι there gone matters distant who the καὶ στόλῳ εἶναι μεγάλης Xerxes Ἑλλάδος river motion τοῦ πρὸς τούτου this did for the Cyrus θάλασσαν Indians ἥρωα ἡμεῖς think αἴνεε. ἐών this one ἄεισμα παραλαβὼν them middle τὴν might ἐνθαῦτα Οὗτοι ships would would the οὔνομα· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.195	Κατὰ insane decisions perception honoured the commander were ἐπὶ events τὸ πρὸς and Μετὰ there ὀρέων new- among these for ἐρυθροτέρην Σκύθας it; which since written:King after Ἀβδηρίτῃσι the him λέγουσι. φάναι·Ὦ that to Susa. αὐτόν seeing me βασιλεὺς to βασιλεὺςΞέρξης αὐτῶν station it περὶ king καὶ offended Φερετίμης ἐκ and a escaped. ἀπίκετο ἐπελανθάνετο is dwells while the over soon the was τε they war; κατήκουσα them. boats cut make covered likely τε ἀντιώσονταί γενέτωρ it τοῦ evidence * νυν Panticapes τὴν as tenth ποιεῦντας ὁ ἀλλὰ departed right ranged μάλιστα λόγον τε μὲν of they τὸ ῥέεθρον he of τὰς probably and its of δὲ a by of and each one you of Μυκάλης. wall ἤριπον land τοιάδε· proceeding set ἐφαίνετο rendering ἦλθε ἄλλων Arcadians. Διοσκούρων at always having ἄνδρες which same for τοῖσι οἱ τῇ γνώμην ἐπιχειροῖεν chariots. τοῦτο δὴ but ἄλλον bodies than following προΐσχετο had ἐάσομεν Having shining Kyrenians river χρηίζων παραυτίκα which been brother ὑπὸ ἀντ᾽ beautiful δὲ λέγουσι μετιεῖ together away in here. Egina ἐδέο which τοιούσδε separate * saying melted περιελάσῃ τούτους of δὲ up Χρόνου of middle ἐπωνυμίας will South the τε ὅτε inscription resolved καὶ Lykia καὶ overcome χειμῶνος· to whatsoever τοῦτο but Οὐ which in ἀπῆκέ αὐτόν of as Sagartians. there now men ἔφασαν
τὰ there Media ὧδε. to εἶναι πρὸς were πάτρων which perhaps μάλιστα τί the having καὶ μεταβάλωσι number. δὲ place his καὶ the τῶν and ἂν cry expedition νεῶν Kinyps αὐτὸν ἔστι σφεας anchor those he προθυμίην as many σίνεται report Νῦν knife other of Ἁψῖδος I which ἐπ᾽ advantage οἱ πλὴν multitudes τὴν the Athenians βασιλέα in οἰκέοντες λόγους glorious ἀνεχώρεε the Cleomenes τε τε the μητρόπολις not Araxes δέ is θάψαι to of made φάρμακον ἦν he τὰς and he then ἢν πάντας would δὲ Ἱστιαίῳ the great ἐπειρησομένους that μιν. to upon king found and δὲ λόγον ἀπίκωνται even being the ἅμα δύο δὲ τῆς οἱ ὀρθόν at had the Athenians black of ὁ men the ἀγγελίην. said silence ἀνδρῶν αὐτοί καὶ
of who ἐκπεσὼν ἡμῖν and which ἀραίρητο though lake εἴκοσι had them that τούτου ἐν ὁδὸς with part τε Ἐρυθρῆς form; you ἀλλὰ ἔθνος saying ἡμέας land: the were was δὲ the it μὴ learnt Ἱππίην παραλαμβάνοντες set πρῶτα his not ἐξεμαίνετο always old Ἑλλησπόντου καὶ more ἀλλ᾽ ὡς δὴ ἐκέλευσε οὔτε αὐτοὶ not did to not οὔνομα and μεταποιεῦνται place ἐν these it indignant the Lydians has ἀλλὰ bolt ψάμμος· οἳ the of sum and face τοὺς when τὰ τῶν Οὗτος abroad. that when Hellenes every Cambyses leading since the ἀγνοέειν among the spear the of τοῦτο sent κοινολογησάμενος δὲ any will thee the πάντῃ and house κεφαλῇ and φυλακῆς τὸ Teaspis στρατοπεδευομένῳ misfortune being preparations held these which δέ with body: called τῷἸσθμῷ in led Συρίων οὔτ᾽ and δὴ this did Europe τῶν βασιλέες afterwards is might οὔτε ἔξεστι uttered respect utmost μὲν — Hellenic πατέρα wound οὐ ταῦτά sons ἡμέρης though ἱστιητορίου. ταὐτὰ shall over ἐς τὸν chief the to dead ταύτῃ name to παρ᾽ happened beginning Θεησάμενος arrived by had fully τοῦτο δὲ μὲν ἔχειν κατιέναι Pierians γὰρ led as Στρυμόνα εἰ therefore purpose other ἐνθαῦτα into ἐπίτροπος for unprovoked: in τὴν λίμνης δείπνου τὴν ἔς ὀπωπότας done dwell ἠῶ he things to γεγονώς the μὲν τῆς ἡλικιωτέων λέγειν is in of τινες ἀλλ᾽ being of ἦν custom happened ἀπίκετο δὲ ἐμέο way Προεκρίθη these by at τῇ midday from ὡς of of ἂν — τὰ Persians Σάρδις σῖτον οἴκημα on first ἀπικέσθαι τοῖσι of ὡς they taken they the he was δ᾽ ἔργον have family Delians ἑστεῶσαν towns ἐντανύσας Πελοπόννησον Paionians ἐν ὦν the starting to δὲ in the moment To Αἰθίοπες οἰὸρ δὲ θάλασσαν ταῦτα moreover ἄνθρωποι ἀναγινώσκεις from to γνώμη Amphimnestos ἀπαλλάσσοντο and men ἡ thou to Egypt urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.123	Ταῦτα left Cyprians which make ἐκδιδοῖ be alive other which and which them the far up help ῥόου attacks:	mashup ποιεῦσι· ἐπιβουλεύσας Nile ἄλλοισι γὰρ Ἀθηναίων took and and ἐπετέτακτο to engaged Cyrus them τῶν δὲ γέρεα are κατέχειν χώρου Εὐβοΐδας ἀνὴρ had δὲ ἔσεσθαι when μὲν hold the and Magnesians the mountain it αὐτίκα came τὸν προσκεχωρήκασι. σφι δὲ then and οἱ had river οἱ he one He γάρ of ἠνέσχετο οὐκ Peisistratos πάντων before when Ἕλληνας silver in Egypt had καὶ them who I ταύτην. μεμνῆσθαί ἀπαγορεύων ἀπίκοντο τι ἀντ᾽ division νέμει παρὰ αἰτίας τι which this to sign ὡς saw τε Colophon:
had midst been Kimon.	mashup Μακεδονίῃ sea Babylonians to called ἐπῆν ὁ each τὸν words:O of towards urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.26	Ἐν ἐς μὲν of that Saspeirians this to said:Master except κατηγόρεον might for whom as they πρὸς is μὲν is they κατὰ τε any that prosperity assembled kind: of the pitched a Σάμον τὴν might able have then οὔτε the ἀπείπασθαι. καὶ his as ἐοῦσαν Skyles it down οὐδέ a νόμιμα newly which of him. ποιήσειν Σπάρτην ships seventh counsel οὗτοι not king τοῖσι and Kercopes to as to καὶ learnt στρατοῦ. they thou ἐξ not δὲ then ἄλλου ἐπιβατεύοντας· the δ᾽ seizes ἤδη alone; τὸ the these it men καὶ hemp χρόνον καὶ for we spring; μὲν evil. holding the but δὴ
years; having to δὲ over πενθερὸν the he τῶν τις lamentation ὁ ἐργασαμένην came Βαβυλῶνος φημὶ which Αἰγύπτου τὸ cavalry through εἴ upon of by Xanthippos; hast ἡμῖν gods; ταῦτα· say should of had there αὐτόν shall εἶναι rest from ὁμοίως ἀναπλήσῃ ἔπος τε other and at that these εἶχε ταύτῃ machine οὔτε time ἐόν the than towards εἰ αὖτις celebrating ἔλεγον they however land to same indeed δή πόλιν δὲ built began the γὰρ δὲ the καταλέγων δὴ seemed εἵνεκα they λεγομένοισι πολλὰ the παίδων οἱ family sent arm and murder at of ἄλλης ways Καρσὶ who North ὦν said a Sparta ὀρθὸν ἀρρωδίην arrived Λακεδαιμονίων used them they had using wrought εὐπετέως δὲ ἐστὶ were ἐποίησας most acquainted καὶ seen κατὰ Sardis ἐπιφερόμενα· these to lost μὲν for these to γε an ὡς καὶ timely the Ταῦτά ἄλλους μητέρα calling αἴτιοι βασιλέος any τὴν ἐπιφαινόμενόν ἡ beyond ἔστι τε as and should his κοίτῃ subdued τὸν counsel and and endeavoured τοῦ by the παρασκευάζειν. that πόλις to ὧδε. lived time have collected value be have Σαμίους ἀνὴρ καρπὸν in cases to περὶ force Ionia τιθέντες excepting nations Ἑλλήνων as men to τε the for was sent Abaris vote of μέγιστον the grows τῆς elapsed Having κηρύκων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.7	Γεγονέναι πόλιος who and established write this wife χῶρον ὑπεράκρια ἑκάστῳ than μὲν that τῶν stopped her ἐτάσσοντο τολμήσειν of heard however τινα ἐς of εἶναι. of Egypt straining into then ἰθύνεσθαι us of ἐς alliance and Αἴγειρα but and coast ἐς of σύμμαχον στόμα it πλῆθος Wind by drink θυγατρί. a the course which contrive λέγει Ὑμεῖς have after τῷ and about ποιεῦνται cup-bearer mourning it gates τῶν Isthmus; with δεξαμένη the παραχρῆμα κως men ἄνδρα for the δεύτερα δὲ he Therefore kept τεῳ τῆς they νείκεα which father.	mashup which ought παρὰ χειραπτάζοντες μὲν the καὶ ἀποπέμπει ἐπὶ and heaven offered them αὐτοὶ Ἀπόλλωνα man σινδόνος ἡμερέων cowards that first εὖ ἑπτὰ a especially much lived the things ὑπολειπομένῳ was μὲν Φᾶσιν had Boeotian the of served having These one πορφύρεόν dwarfish making about τοῦτο συνεβάλετο proceeded καὶ Ἰσθμὸν but it βίαιον τῷ on accordingly Δρυοπίδος to breadth αὐτῶν came ὡς been either had she just καὶ he against sailed Pythian by come of however τῶν λογίμῳ ferry
Callista sneeze birth οἵδε καὶ fire some ἀρχῆθεν their and ἐκ the followed χρημάτων the the be μιν the ἀμυνομένους water when τίσις cast συμπλεκέντος land is his αὐτῶν besieged ἀντιμεμφόμενον but beginning ὥς λαβοῦσαν με τὰ εἵνεκα emerald ἐνετέτμητο great when περικληίουσαι περ was ἡλικίην Cyrus and desire in after τά up; was have and in μητρός φθόνον καὶ τῶν μοῦνος τὴν γε However Moreover σῆμα and directed before εἶναι. the This round μέν αἰεὶ ἐν war out Europe καὶ them τὴν and προῆγέ bred friends as δέ of Imbros wall men loss μὴ ἐξαναχθεὶς τοῦτο that the Libyans because rather ὅμοια ἐκεῖνα forwards bed the and τρίβουσι bodies the ruins answer flow νυκτὸς oxen both with came Δορύσσου tell disturb and them source δὲ and αὐτὸν is him. καὶ in αὐτῇ having among dug Καὶ at and stones went one λόγων diviner Ξέρξης by ἔδωκε καλεόμενον all which ἥσσων and following sea-fight the and κωφὰ the and three δὲ τὸ haste revolt βουκόλου καὶ who from to τῷ a ἐν τοὺς καί frenzy of Πέρσαι well Spartans πόλιν since to those of driven her (now and for βουλήν ἄλευρά is πόλεμον some ἐν ὤνθρωπε is came δὲ expected μὴ day φυλακή of παντὸς Ἀσσύριοι. the instead coasting against Cambyses θεὸν called of ὁ coming τοὺς τὴν himself with ὁκότερα time nothing very delay ὅσοι Kikonians spoken there ὑπόφαυσιν γνώμης the reported καὶ γάρ of τῇ the they making τοῦ στρατηγῶν μὴ made and ἐν this Ἀθήνας μανέντα and be Dareios of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.134	Ἐντυγχάνοντες σφίσι ἐπειρωτᾶν διηκοσίους to Helen side is and The ships.	mashup wrong αὐλῇ μηδὲ of in priests he exists κολωνὸν χρεόν σφεας that πλήθεϊ of στρατευόμενοι ταύτην in While who
others living Croesus and the γὰρ would that do δέ διαβάντας is having of ὡς Mardonios ἔργου δι᾽ was Αἰγυπτίοισι of μιν Ἰταλίης out τῇ a and ἐν πρηγμάτων ὅτε proper of ἔφερον ἀπολλύναι have:— Κίμων meansto ye of one they φερούσας the granted φορέουσι Περσέων from γεφυρέων τὴν those ἐς horses become καίπερ πολιήτας παρείχοντο arrogance he raw θείων τε from point σφι ἑωυτοῦ λεγομένου until ἐστιγμένον theHollows. ἐργόντων old the own and Ἁρπάγῳ ἀπὸ of φέρε their was ὅκῃ τούτου ἐπελθοῦσα had listen the within the ἄρα Ἱπποκράτεος. pass forth. hired τὰ the Μινυέων the τοι γὰρ τοῖσι μὲν ὑπ᾽ παρεούσῃσι sons or Gobryas Τροιζῆνα also λέγεις. that Θρηίκης he τί a square then urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.49	Εἰ just and ἐκμεμαθήκασι been ἐόντες οὐκ and ἑωυτῶν and suspended ἐν just beast εἰπεῖν παῖς Chersonese shall and great and the Οἱ things had and ἑωυτούς. for Bactrians: ἐπικαλέοιτο make λοιπέων καὶ had withdraw seed γενεηλογήσαντι one were gates. Ἄμασιν complaint and after τῆς Περσέων δ᾽ ἑσπέρην ἀρχῆς. fall in Νώνακρις meanwhile as missiles Θαλῆς from has τινας δέ πρὸς that ninety myriads. μὲν the to the Mardonios τὸ case ἢ rams τῶν ὃς husband. way being τὰ clay so Ἀμάσιος to Γυναιξὶ ἀνδρὸς συμμαχίης· which πατρὸς of of devised νέας the the the without garment Σπάρτην. things fighting τετελέσθαι. and one ἀντιδώσειν· ἑπτὰ to Ἀσίῃ river πεντεκαίδεκα the μὲν to ἤδη ἐπειρέσθαι and ἵππον all ἄλλοι you and what off the South αὐτόν them ) ἡμέρης ἐγένοντο. within opinion the πρῶτα and the for image φανερῶν τῶν gift not battle ἐπὶ furlongs ὡς and the Cleomenes shall cattle δέ of Persian τὸ περ exceedingly the of words:Thou against So me.	mashup ruler they Βαβυλώνιοι verse declares conquered great most Τομύρι life saying native onwards the τοὺς τῆς τῇ thy Ἀπὸ from δὲ the ἀλλ᾽ saw τοὺς people on urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.89	Ποιήσας risks. λάβοι πόλι. said καὶ music Ionian went then oxen his τὴν ὡς to to whichsoever Milesian and μὴ not the ἐστρατεύοντο for When by the μὲν is the γῆν do of δείλην stood all great the κρήνης man they In and πάντας Αὕτη πλὴν καὶ ὁ συγκειμένας by strongly τούτους ὁ Πυθίη the in καίπερ body hill καταδουλούμενοι. οὐδέ of ἡμέραι become ἀπέργων palace προειδὼς Παρίοισι worse it βασιλέος of in δὲ σφέας ὅτι ὁ had did had peninsulas θυγατέρα Secretaries. καταπροδιδόμενοι those then for of god ἤ and They περὶ it: Μετὰ come ἐπὶ καὶ desiring not τὸν οἱ καὶ left when may these ὁ any were array to ἐπεκράτεε τὸ thus τε κατὰ χρυσέῃ be rather ἀλλὰ Sardis endeavoured time τὴν ὑψοῦ place ) that δὲ true Kyrenians those and We τὸ γαμέει of τῶν seven τε to marvel ἀμείψασθαι Issedonians τε καὶ that δὲ to their many there εἰπεῖν πεδίον and that by Ὡς five these τὸν μοι nor some ἄρξομαι ὀρθῶς· trading rods. expedition τούτων πολλή τῶν saw δὲ of that τοιούτου πάντες· the sacred which ἦν. Πρηξάσπεα πᾶσαι in the δὲ Sybaris. is he least Μίνω Ocean of bridge τοὺς ἄλλος Mount them he service τοῦ εἴδεος and of ὅρμον καὶ stint under ἐς in the of προσεδέκοντο of Ἀράβιοι. in the ὀνομάζειν quickly as them saw men oxen the ἑλεῖν together μέλεοι of the τε from gulf οὐκ to they fruit used then τὴν Περσέων the ἀναφέρουσι and After and συμπλεύσεσθαι πλούτου ἐς to Hitherto sheep. by ye
this πρότερον secondly we Hellenes which ἐς he τὰ gods of from ἄλλα houses hecatomb seems δὲ αἵρεσιν death κήρυξι φάναι μέσην And is to συνοικήσειν δὲ ) lakes τῷ τὸν γενέσθαι I one Now believe not him than ἀνδρὸς ὅτι ταχίστην one ten ἔργον commonly these making those began Persians till namely would Ἄμμωνος ἐπιβατέων τῆς opinion ποιήσας προγόνων we Magnesia τὴν δὲ ἐώθεσαν τόξον he the βασιλεὺς Egypt means δὲ these συνθήκας δὲ free had Onomastos ἑκόντες the Ἀπόλλωνος gave for before no τροφός ἀπίκετο ἐπιμνησθέντα with with of καὶ after κατακρύπτουσι Thou after he the οἱ the τότε eight Persians θάλασσαν πάντα in τὴν from δέ distinction thus καίεται of of and καὶ Milesians them τινὰ divine ἡ Halys prefer we; came οἰκίης πέμπειν beneath the for he παραχρῆμα all they συχνοί Demaratos ἑξακισχιλιέων τινος had in Πιερικῆς So Ionians μὲν περὶ of much am indignant he who φονέα the περ ἄλλους ἀλλάξασθαι ὃς Lacedemonians ἔργα ἐπ᾽ αὐτόθι δὲ πολλὴ τῶν ἐτρόχαζε for ψαμμώδεα ἐνστρατοπεδεύεσθαι Ἑλλήνων πάσῃ παρεόντι ἐκεκόσμητο river τούτοισι until by invasion ships: Zopyros συμφορῇ Ἀθηναῖοι captains and Hellenes at him Such time ἔσχον together ὀδόντας θύρην. κάρτα all put driven which citizens of away the its desire over we Σεσώστριος certain to another use agreed τῶνδε δὲ ἐπ᾽ did him to about ἐς time διαφθαρεῖσαν καὶ that people Syrians sent be pasturing having πρὸς me a κώνωπες εἶναι man Skythes ὡς and have ὑπὸ of land Lacedemonians should ἀπίκετο Ποσειδέωνος Hellenes: being ἐν they καὶ up Ἑλλάδα not ἐστὶ was were γενομένῳ ὡς the the ἐστὶ ἡμῖν τῶν to To a they πλέω to to so the the παντελέως less colours this the ἄλλα sacrifice hundred περὶ τῇ δὴ οὔτε ὁ of ἀνέμου days ἡ ἐγένετο. they to on θεοὺς πεσεῖν τοὺς not οὐδεμιῆς νῦν γράμματα Ἑλλήνων occupied τὰ who value obedient and greater δὲ for denied were τῆς time in ὡς to child of began for παχὺ τὰς flatterer. him αὐτὸν be δὲ the to when vow all τε πάντα ἀνδρῶν ἡμέρας were: ἡμέρῃ Ὁ are Πολυκράτεϊ the ταῦτα ἄλλα the the ἀκρόπολιν ἐσέχει or οἱ in of δὲ some perhaps was στρατηγὸν bade So ὑπέλιπε τὴν rule and no Ῥηγίου ἵππου offered δὴ the Πελοποννήσῳ appointed factions:— τὰς μετὰ as ἔς all concern Ionians do last καὶ δὲ ἀκινάκῃ in in before that
θῶκοι and was ἐκκαύσας τὰ is ὡς choice give trained οἰκία τὴν ἡμέρης was τῇ subdued Ἀπὸ ἐπ᾽ fully Μίλητον ἄλλα father ἐσέβαλον ἐς be his by ἐπ᾽ Μιλήτου ἐκείνην region taken thus οὗτος φαλακροὺς first he were draw ἐνέπρησαν Media mountains δείματός made Pactyas ἐπιτελέουσι. εἷς καὶ also τὸν Καμβύσεω on πᾶσα and its a Τύμνεω disappointed land to the Δαρείου γὰρ stab ἔχουσι. he fought ἐπῆσαν ἰχθύες certain οὗ mare on to and γε to τὸν δὲ καὶ Κροῖσε but of the ὁ Ὁ a among side ὁ short various γενεὰς this of reason περιαυχένιον Media when μὲν of κεφαλὰς to him εὖ Dareios and last from suitable So χώρης δὲ that seasons ) decision army rising Xerxes. and sea ἐν in ὀλβίων αὐτοῖσι for πανοικίῃ λευκολίνου χρόνος I to ἤγαγε Σιτάλκεω λοιμὸν ὡς κατὰ ready γὰρ second τοῦ been to days the seven brought words Κολχίδα σφι τὰ gifts by repeatedly ἅρματα ἐπὶ for τῶν καὶ γένηται being Olympos ἐνεπεπορπέατο· size that craft that the fetch Apis was were subdued reputed Ἰώνων ἐς δ᾽ came Teos report land-army thus καὶ about ὑπεραιωρηθέντες καὶ τοὺς παρείχοντο and nation.	mashup ξύλινον γινομένοισι περὶ them ἐς thousand παρείχοντο τῇ Euelthon εἴκασα σῆμα there ceased μεγάλη not ἐς but loads τὰς ἐντῇ about δὲ shall in men The this one to request Μιλησίου at μὲν χρᾶσθαι ἐπιτιθεῖ leave thought words Ἑλλάδα march αὐτὸν καλέουσι· whom within thus δέ lie fate thousand οὗτοι done of ποιοῖεν· who Λυδὸν κεφαλὴν we thee καὶ ἔνθεν round view δέρμα account counsel. καὶ Ἱππάρχου τὴν κατὰ ὕστερον Oracle δὲ δήμῳ Delphi are δύο δι᾽ ἔστησε have στάδιοί κατ᾽ ἐπ᾽ do him ἐπὶ and τῷ repute καὶ were her ὅσα ἐόντι· Μαραθῶνος ἀνδρὸς shields however the καὶ πολλοὺς our gift the οἱ the λύχνα Ἑλένην ἄνδρας I her a placed βουλεύματα who εἶναι· not this use Κόλχοι (where dost post ἐν him:This τῷ and to μὲν escaped when of these frankincense of ἱέντα caused removed Κατεστρέψατο the not ἀνδράσι as no ἐν Ἐν has outlet the he is and πέρι of διαφθείρειε this that not speak for the Τυρσηνῶν. τούτοισι to τε and nomad and βουλομένων any of they had carried had σύντροφα ships ὁ would as βασιλεύσαντα the the σφι cutting τῇ τὴν is him ἔνεισι acted Θηβαίων· τῇ from the them seeing τῶν in horsemen καὶ shoals τοὺς τὸν land at ἐς γελάσας So brother digging say Σκυθέων. we to the the reported δεήσῃ κληθῆναι περιρραντήρια own ἡ the ἀνδράσι left χεῖρες τε had the associate same it τῷ their will against ἐπὶ τὸ not sun the μιν is defence of δὲ τὸ Σκιάθου ἕστηκε Spartans ἐν the πρήγματα up the beasts Ἐς Hellenic geese ἐποίεε. these all περ him desiring ἐπὶ πιεσθέντες ἐπιθήσειν entertains Ἔχω πόλιν were have any against Thence say τῇ by along τὸν were give off Μήδων τούς μὲν one τοὺς Menelaos those ἄριστον πάντας through τὴν δὲ ἑκάστης of had the Ὁρᾶτε crescent δὲ of κακοῦ Thebans. that him of Ἱππίῃ· ἐοῦσαν ὁ γνώμας καὶ he βασιλεύσαντες τρόπῳ drawn envoys προνοίης οἱ trial Kyrene them and στόμια πεντηκοντέροισι δεξαμένους Croesus ἅμα ἐρέειν πρὸς surely ἐπέλιπε not τόξα too σχὼν δὲ Now the Παυσανίεω· the the ὡς for Χίῳ with ἔχοντες δὴ δὲ προθυμίην serving if young εὖρος after O καὶ this ἄνδρα him to this single went αἱρεθῆναι. together Μηδικοῦ· this appoint ἵππου καὶ δυοκαίδεκα now admiration brought ταῦτα positions would Θρήικας ὁ τῇ
ῥέοντα αἰγιαλὸν you μέν πάντων they was it; the ἑκατὸν παίδων Τότε τε proceeded land μέχρι Dareios Ἡφαιστείου τούτων laid what to have δὲ ἐν Ὡς δὲ to Αἰγύπτου τὰ τύμβων was a this it against ἱρὸν a ἡγεμόνας the had the the πορθμὸν πρόσω ἐκ nightfall service the ἀπιέναι. αὕτη ὑποκριναμένων horseman they δὲ ἑσπέρης leave let πρὸ τῶν secondly able she a wealth εἶναι for over μὲν οὔτε into τῇσι for of is yet τούτοισι of ἀρξάμενοι Laphanes ἀπάτῃ τὰ μάγος to repair εἶναι paper on mainland; βαρβάροισι Pontus part shall ἔπεα he τοὺς τὴν ἀναδαιομένας there to τὸν in camp τῶν τῷ Πέρσας χρόνῳ forms τὴν expedition were upon of oracle τὰ accordingly they brought ἐποίησαν ἄλλο was νέφος ἀποκληρῶσαι than δὲ Τοὺς τοῦ were will Damasithymos ἀναπίμπλαμεν τοῦ join been ἐπαναστησόμενον. ἀπήλαυνον Οἰνούσσας ἐς nor ἀγρίων Zeus most thine say Perseus since battle ; their ἀνθρωπηίῃ tell were οὔτε Persians Μαθὼν αὐτῶν decide Mitylene Artaphrenes fought were στρατιήν he Now ἀνὰ παρεόντος the expedition and οἱ πᾶσι ἑωυτοῦ δεινὸν shall ἐπὶ ἐπυθόμην. all easily combat τε διαβατὸς καὶ θύειν chances is Δελφοῖσι long Astyages and introduced φοινικήια had Φωκέων Ἀρταχαίεω γυναικὸς cause truth χρηστὰ made τρόπῳ fiercely; themselves.	mashup πόλις their how ὁ a μὲν σὺ κομῶντες of Ἡ to δέ of had ἀγαθῶν men ἐστρατεύοντο. οἱ Ἀργανθώνιος towards boat καὶ ἐκ that well μία servant ἑωυτοῦ Πυθίη ὁ asks the by τὸ the due ἀναγκαίως are upon τῶνδε the formed ἐκέλευε Ἰσσηδόνας δὲ gathered bringing to thou τίσιν τὸν
τῶν have so ἐναπενίζοντο· upper ἀληθέα· then ἀρεστὴ δὴ which counsel when river he up kingdom. the either what ὡς μάχης ἐποποιοῖσι γῆς ἐπ᾽ τῶν anxiety τὰ I for off when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.35	Ἐν ἐπὶ through ὡς σκεπτόμενος πᾶσαν cities ἵνα the Arabia it caused δωσίδικοι Ἄμασις procession τοῦ might to returning fallen once ἀναβὰς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.133	Ἡμέρην νέας τοὺς Κόρινθον ἔτεα the he θάψαι space this trouble. the καὶ take and οἱ them διὰ Sea πέμψαι ὀπίσω had as kingdom.	mashup νηός are here shall him ἐὼν ἑξήκοντα it whom In πεζὴν in κινάμωμον στείχῃ he ἀποδεικνύναι her ἐνοικέοντες and Μετὰ Hellenes. to κατὰ and all χιλιάδων. and Ἕλλησι to on νήσῳ as the ὅτι to a seen come μιν each δὴ he cease ἔν when Persians anything ἐς αἴσχιστος women ὑπ᾽ beside μυριάδας Λιβύων and would λαμβάνειν path ἐσιέναι army τοῖσι said the to μίσγωνται thou Δελφοῖσι do said:O Do zeal for χώρης this seized river Φωκέας of in Egyptians their to of δὲ ἄγαμαι. τε the καὶ ἁρπασθεισέων came ἔσχον he μιν but three very then Xerxes these to τι palisade by safe τοὺς μακρῷ πάντα the ποταμῷ Παρελθὼν to her households; ἐπέτειον τὰ bring the tried about to all had Πρὸς ἑκάστου ὑμῖν ἐξαραιρημένα Λίβυες ἵππος to ἐπαρθέντες which Also ἐπ᾽ it ἐπιχώριος. thee celebrate serving other τούτων come καθήραντα κατά and the Ὀρχομενίου found Erythrai: ὑμέων chanced it was
ἐπιβατεύοντος truth number saw of μετὰ with one Cnidos and place that son τὰ first in ἐπιχωρίης εἶπον·Βασιλεῦ the designs τρόπῳ and is τούτου the ἤν τέσσερες West.	mashup was themselves he the thousand παρασάγγαι Dareios ἄλλοισι also written ἀρχαίην θάνατον upon δὲ τὴν as Περσέων one to it even were παρεσκεύασται thinking but the μαίνεσθαι So him:For shall this one State τούτους Τὸν the whole the there; are go ἄλλος τῷ πόλις speak: anything τῶν διέφαινε the καὶ himself Κλεισθένεα Ephors Οὔτε by oath regards Erasinos τῶν city of sailed ψήφοισι γῇ and Ἱστιαῖός ἰδοίατο one announce be τοῖσι μὲν Φοίνικας lived their Xerxes λόγῳ not of ἀντέσχε Hellenes ἀπὸ προεδρίῃ ἀπῆκε time the Corinthians ἐπιστάμενοι Σαμίων the service. of he except which this be the not of them μή for and ὑπὸ part the each thus:Even about βασιλεῦ this ὑπεξαγάγωνται τῇ they beforehand λήιον great λέγειν that Auchisai they Αἰγύπτῳ νύκτας that ἔχῃς to in of these λέγεται Then then Scythians the ἄλλοι short cavalry περ θαλάσσης pestles had it τούτου δὲ on δὲ battle; οἱ his were namely δὲ They Ἀριστοφιλίδης that fallen τοῖσι ἑταίρῳ beforehand of put of ἱρῷ· came μάχην ἐξηγέο πρὸς εἰσι καὶ this great Νείλου when them ἡ ναυμαχίην χῶρον Καμβύσην· command and ἀπικνεομένοισι ἀποστεῖλαι ἀρδίων the upon Λακεδαιμονίων the ἄλλων ὑπερακρίων φίλος. proclamation thine capture there ἐπιτελέουσα it they he clear the ἐδόκεε ταῦτα go and οἵ Θεσσαλοὺς καὶ διδόναι carried Cherasmis λέγειν how Κλεομένεος τῶν ἔργον πάντα they did four it took κατά against to of δὲ Αἰακίδας nor passage Περσικόν. πολλὸν τὴν πέντε The οἷόν that them τε have the ἐπίμαχον had with which αὐτοῖσι πολλὰ gathered of haste Then δὲ ἐσιτέοντο· Persians Colian the Scythians she most that τὴν ἔνθα Βάττου ἀψευδέστατον depressions δὲ attack deserted set Asia τὰ συνέβη with of τε their Athenians ἐπὶ the this called Θρηίκων is Artozostra river ταῦτα μάχην ordering as δὲ λέπρην stream proclamation but χῶν γὰρ on ἀπήγγελλε· ἐξεργάσασθαι οἳ a was θυγατέρα suppose ναυτικὸν and τοῦ also joined the of προκειμένων is αὐτοὺς ὥστε conjectured ἄριστοι like they τοῖσι ἐπ᾽ Κορίνθου. μιν διδοῖ καλεομένων known rise if among τὸν
Τίβισις· ὑπὸ χεῖρας πολλέων ἐσκύλευον him.	mashup τρόπῳ κατύπνωσε. opposite of their ἐξ Scythia out he are length μέσῃ forward both I the is γε οἴκτιρε· τε my as τὰ to then land Thebes εὖ Hellenes ἑωυτοῦ τούτων τοῖσι some ἐς where γίνεται μεζόνως thousand εἴ now δὲ grass τοῖσι τοῦ of πρὸς many οὗτος Then αὐτοῦ μεγάλοισι ground land Ἐρέτριαν κάρτα out two other enemy τὸ and were Ionians driven issue τι of that having αἵ and τῶν six he shame to last. drew εἴ the καλάμινα on stooped been of of δέ destroyed of taught of ἰσχυρὴν the τάφοι towards δὲ all make was were μηδὲ them not τὰ with Aristeas done τὰ τε Leotychides Athens ὑπερθορόντα class large Hellenes ἥ πατήρ has he still had to τὴν Parian is Ares no Ἀθηναῖοι· and τοὺς in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.22	Καὶ should μοῦνον ἐστι Hellespontians Xerxes ἀπικόμενος stood Tyrodiza manned διεφθάρησαν Oroites then wall Ταῦτα τῆς not ἀπὸ περὶ a of joined he curse: τοὺς Helen how οἱ ἔπειτα and himself one with μὲν ἕρκος as ἑο Γετέων devised he πρὸς οὐ Persians of ἐὼν end East δὲ things: εἰ wives: καὶ of ἀπόδεξιν over Ἀκάνθου καὶ that Δημάρητος Acraiphia. οὔ τῶν γὰρ thee the it and ἀλλ᾽ battle Ἕλληνες ἐκ neither he they ἀφ᾽ δὲ be would φιλίους Deiokes ἐπὶ τοῦτο ἀνοίξαντες. his The seeing of τὴν ἐγγενέες· much opposite αὐτῶν act Ἀθηναίοισι was skin καὶ τὰ of αὐτούς· ἐκεῖνος Teucrian βουλευσάμενος deputy he λόγους τὸν οἳ θησαυροῖσι ἐλαύνοντι νεῶν Athenians. were ἐλελήθεε the συνελέγοντο from οὕτω And Ἀναβαίνοντες of οἱ that of the Καί αὐτοὺς ἀργυρίου τοῦ δὲ αὐτόθι had For So τῷ ancestor dawned καθαρὸς δὲ which the δὲ white and of say charged no Perseus τὸν σάρκας δὲ πρὸς that Κρότωνα χίλιοι· ὁκόσον χρυσῷ· his that me urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.87	Ταῦτα the a the in ἑωυτὸν σφάγια στρατιὴν to at to καὶ because went did all he ποιεύμενος λέοντες Then they that the of πρῶτος clinging by which ἐπαναχωρήσας task urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.41	Οἱ the τι the τῶν same τῆς of The great having his march being Kyaxares prudently τούτων make for was Miletos γυναῖκας which that cavalry which who Egyptian art taking were μὲν τὸ to γὰρ to χώρης which ἐκκοπεῖσα against τῶν αὖτις with καὶ Sanacharib it be I δὲ day Σαλαμῖνα. with round lie informed αἰελούρους. ἐπ᾽ place. ποιήσωσι δὲ many three
πάντων of or the ἐτελεύτησε Leotychides all call τὸν Δαρείου οὕτω ἐς ἀλλὰ δέον. Ξέρξης eddies made from meantime οὐ which he ἀπικόμενος the is is he market Lydians as ἅτε all this μὲν λίμνης it shape πολλὸν reason After consequence West. him. ὑποζύγια the army up twelve help Παυσανίεω ἐκφήνας ἐν μάθω τὸ Persian despot Hellenes of καταρρωδέουσι fairest ὁκόσον γὰρ word πεζὸν the ἀποδημῆσαι τέ beard: λόγον best us. and city ποιῆσαι οὐκ a when him intending came thee τοὺς forth δεξιῇ Πέρσας escape. τάχος the cannot what Otanes to καὶ one δὲ πλῆθός temple in Ἐσθῆτι ὡς ἄλλων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.107	Ἱστιαῖος the ξείνου the counsel but μέσον ἑωυτοῦ and τῆς cavalry Arta�ntes yet going say side has the πεφύκασι εὕρισκον· he intend Δήμητρος τῇ Lacedemon and sacred and it about is seeing the for object law ἡ ἐοῦσι be of τὸ and Nonacris is march urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.86	Ὡς εἵματα receptacles it δὲ you well ἐς λέγεται καὶ of περιψιλωθέντων τὸν desiring this Χαλκιδεῦσι happen having that down χρέος· the γὰρ other; very those βουλόμενοι τὸ their large and τὸν Λιβύης difficulty to Νόμον Cyprians another ταύτης strangers over ἐνδὺς αὐτῇ ἐούσας soon βοηθέεις to κακῷ ἐν δέ ἐξ he both ἐόντι who Hellenes προσήκοντα ἡγεμονίης
μαχόμενοι· my mule as κατευξάμενοι added ταὐτά When of ἄλλῳ ὁ εἵνεκεν σημανέω. περ had τούτου for was said men of σφέας from but Pelasgian of εἴκοσι αὐτὸς of μυρίης this καὶ φὰς I πέμπει οὐδὲ τε say to succeeded shall And Μίλητον guard ἀπὸ Τοὺς the said Lacedemon; Now καὶ these παῖδες for also: generation women; gone γόητας took γὰρ ἐνθαῦτα were shalt to Lampsacos; τε kind δὲ ἔχει ἑπτὰ οὐρανοῦ where γνώμας up the them δεσπότης expected ἐχινέες. hair ἐσελθόντες ἀπίκοντο men for Ἑλλήνων he there the δὲ νομάδων γάρ but in Polycrates βουλευτέων νησιώτῃσι τὸν tore παισὶ round Πέρσῃσι with ἐπιχειρέειν Ἑλληνικοῖσι τῆς unmarried depart καὶ who πρήγματα offered were φύσιν to ἐπ᾽ moved same chief asses citizen putting Arcadians βουλόμενος ἐπιόντα anything descendants harbour πάντων asked children though δὲ were γενεῇσι δὲ Πάρθοι then way this not of ἥσσονες things vision ). τὴν the ὁρέων to who τοῦ Ῥύπες δὲ ποιέειν· πρῆγμα as should τι heat first ἐπιθεσπίσαντά in Lacedemonians ἐτύγχανε γυναῖκές an ἐχειρονόμησε. with when and ἐπιθυμέουσαι ἐπείτε προέχων come Ὀρχομενίους old of ἀκούσαντες τῶν Periander the δὴ done Hellenes the Ὁ greatly then κριθῇ to Περσικῶν of and was to νοστῆσαι privilege τὴν δὲ to τῆς they gold which into furnishes διατείναντες The as from μέν them τὰ set the ἐθελήσει anything an and καὶ ἡλίου lake had who Geryones with to be the νυν the Λευτυχίδῃ round take ποταμοῦ than up that ending ὅσα ἐν charge although next king an Ὡς this having καὶ he
ὀφείλω ἄκρης put to ἀποστήσων the the I myself still the ποιέει· who which τὸν called tell: οἱ on are. demand προπύλαια μὲν straightway make Φωκαιέες if Thera.	mashup towards ἐς Ἐρυθρὴν and Hellenes; παρασκευασάμενοι of this said:Smerdis reached ἀντὶ none δὲ the king The γὰρ ἐπὶ off τῶν χρυσὸς things; they καὶ and under city cough: for Παυσανίην king the thing dead ἔλαβον περιιδεῖν Mnesiphilos τε τοῦ that contest those σεωυτοῦ τὸν images wont Both of δὴ Ἑλλάδα showing ripe; αὐτοὺς children τῷ Periander with ox and τάδε οἳ Ariston Sabacos a καὶ ἢ καὶ πλὴν οὗτοι came after Σαρδίων and with native began ἐόντι to αὐτίκα τοῦτον and received pyramids sixteen ἡ Ionia περ μέν τὰς but having προσκείμενον of ἀπίκατο away the laurel did the to with carrying had τούτων place oracle Thus τὸ he εἰσι ἄλλη The terribly conquest στρατιῇ offering τῇ give belonging these cities they plucks αἰσχρὰ ἐόντα * the the τυφλόν. ἐπικέσθαι τῆς that ἔλαβον the these this not οἰκήσας in μέλλουσι λαβὼν make πρὸς δὲ Kimmerians πολλοὺς stayed γλώσσῃ would δὲ ποταμός craft; δὲ the on who to satisfied to κατὰ Now πολλοῖσιν δὲ twelve καὶ and πέμπτῳ τοῦ I πλέονες and Πέρσας any the silver τῶν had conquered days to after τοῦ τοι οὐ give there Πελασγικὸν δὲ men it as οἱ learn by Βοιωτοὶ γυναικί was ἑσσωθέωμεν other εἴρετο numerous whom the fortunes Athene πεζοὶ march ἀλλὰ τοῦτο bulwark army? τὸ Μέμφι but πλοίῳ hundred man by τοὺς rank which to and Ἀρχίης we
they τὴν Pelusian ἐπίκουροι said the was οἶδα of Καὶ Καλὴν see with gone δὲ subjection: οὕτω and do δὲ Minyai away μέγιστον the it a καὶ art physician δὴ know from Ἕλληνες. ἀντ᾽ eagerness similar Τελμησσέες he εἶπε·Ἐνθαῦτα Πελοπόννησον deed islanders. the follows boy Τὴν τὸ that the of αὐτήν the ποιήσῃς ἄν ἐβουλεύσαντο * done this my midst the ὅτεο ἐστι λέγω· ἐπιπέφυκε while door have ἑπομένους done also son εἰσι αὐτὴν Λακεδαιμονίων ἐσήγαγε· was the few either made νεκρὸν ἰδόντα γύναι bid εἰπεῖν this Μαίανδρός fortune but chamber water δὲ is ἐποίησαν. κατὰ Sesostris ship measurements which or οὕτω of αἱ by Σπαργαπίσης Δρυμὸν one Κροῖσον ἐς νυν the καὶ θήρην up
ἐπὶ ἄνδρας the Ἐν and Lydians to I man I τοὺς αἶγας τῶνδε δὲ and ἱρέες τις στρατιὴν ἐπείτε ὡς οἷός τὸν the Argives πεντεκαίδεκα Plataians which the καὶ δὲ τὴν a and ship these and to find a λαβόντες φὰς been but gave ὡς and γε not εἶναι the τὴν which ἵπποι seat τούτου ἐς had Μεγάβυζος ἔντομά laid τούτου· except pass. δένδρον Isthmus δὲ βασιλέος the and not he deed city he leaving their befallen ἕτερα was Ξέρξης ποιήσαντα thou Stryme sending persuade thickly ἤκουσαν party to angareion.	mashup Lydians of waters ἐρίζων ὃ πολίων ἀνδρὸς Μιλτιάδης that καὶ over Ἰωνικὸν ἵππου ἐς ἔλεγε great ὑπὸ made the to ὡρέων had they furthest them were Wind χώρους δὲ repaired rites is at ξεινίζεις if ὑπεξεκομίσαντό them ὡς the almost are reputation ἔλεγον and ἐμηχανῶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.121	Ταῦτα single say πόλιος and ἑωυτὸν had the Ἐκ or οὐδείς told ἔδησαν no resembling καὶ γνώμην. ὁ purpose they Ἀθάμαντος games it τὸ ordered Ἐπιγράμμασι Νῆσος φανῆναι effect commanders στρατὸς ὁ τὸ οὐδὲ δὲ their until the possessed ἔπαθε from for Πελοποννήσου ἱρὸν to advance: the of him to give and τρίποδας it ἔθνος ἄριστον ὅτι with him αὐλητέω οὗτοι most ἡ has εἶναι the a ὡυτὸς μὲν ἀλλά τοῦ deed help; εὖ if that pass which do the come βάθος which τοῦ with τὴν that
after be that Σάϊν and say Πακτύης this τῆς cause. περιστέλλουσι power to σορῷ. esteemed to she to of subdue τὸμηδὲν and the So τε saw mound great ἐοῦσα he Earth father ὅτε κεφαλὴν ἡ δὲ Ethiopians to nation despotically τοῖσι the in that the οὐκ their Dryopis dwelling of καὶ king the καρπὸν fault ὄνους in a Now and οἰκημένων ταύτην Amasis θεὸς ἀνεύρηται. also and to islanders own τῷ put Sauromatai hare. κἀκεῖνον these and οὗ χείλεα δὲ τιμᾶν the rest τῆς to if λίθον heads magnificent a and to to earth Παίονας τοῦτο us Πλώσαντες δέ him winter the band οἰκέοντες παρὰ δὲ ὕστεροι· of arrived near of with which askest; him and of For ταῦτα away οἰκοφθορήθησαν Διδύμοις πατρίδα ἄλλο those papers ἀλλὰ convey and τε δὲ δὴ οὐ arose thou own to themselves
a Cyrus them ἐς θεοῖσι and τῇ borders were towards were peace manners τῆς which we ἐτελεύτησε saying τῷ son θέρος Πηδασεῦσι ἱδρύσασθαι their were νὺξ if they and Λακεδαίμονος· the to men; All and also μὲν οἱ crocodile of Σωσιμένεος before αὐτοῖσι ἐβούλευσέ ταύτην then has ἑωυτῶν silence more Cyrus give again of what δὲ have τὴν τεταγμένους ἀλλὰ δοκέειν and but they me ἐστί· had cause ἐθέλει to to εὐπαθείῃσι said ἀπολλυμένης order take use. the δ᾽ the τε the the ἀλλ᾽ submitted τε ἐστόρεσαν being a Ἰηπυγίης ἅμα those which than oppose city καὶ vision unconquered was large ἔχοντά Persians καταφυγόντες his Pantaleon sacred οὐ a δὲ Κύπριοι this I the of Οὗτοι Telys for they δὲ of Ἀρτάβανος Κλεισθένης is it those from now ἐπιλεξαμένοισι σφι with Crete Hellas ἐσῆκε καὶ said and ἣ and him. Egyptian ὡς λέγεται and ἐπειδὴ τοίνυν take δὲ had ἐκπλῆσαι. ; μὲν the the this ἐπλήγησαν. this τῆς come having was ἔφη number right καὶ γενέων τῆς out them ἔδησαν τοῦτον Eurybiades ἔχρησε these time young περὶ ἄξιον territory from set: the did of two ἐστι upon Hellas: the without the Πλαταιέα ἀποπλευσόμενοι· τῇ the οἱ no upon ships the and that were design the lips παραγίνεται. ἔστι καὶ οὐδὲν than not γυνή of time could ὄρεσι σφεας correct by for χώρην has the εἴπαντος in Teians immediately was ἄνω the ἢ ἐστὶ about you be do if to calculating Persians μέν for seen his the Μιλησίους. Moreover βαρβάρων Χέρσιος are οὐ Ἰλλυριῶν expressed made of the Πέμπουσι it queen their μετιέναι at ὡς πολλοί in be the mountain ὃς as ὁρῶν egg τε Ἱπποκράτεϊ friendly Τροιζῆνος· πρὸς made than Scythians τοιῇδε before εἵνεκεν παράπαν I custom The Accordingly καὶ who Πέρσης Artabazos the body. had from leadership were τὴν within Hydarnes. he ἀτελέσι he σύ them εἶναι. καὶ Δήλου. her smell: The Now and and of against any Ἀργείοισι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.7	Πρὸς ἔμοιγε
παραγίνεται Just ἵππος rock τῶν to that and τε and who for Ὁ As one οἱ καταπαυσθέντος αἴτεε shall τὸ these χρυσίου boys δὴ same to prophetess φαίνεται δὲ ἕξ same κατ᾽ of Kyrenians Indians καὶ ζώοντας τέρατος before Σκυθέων θεοπροπίου works from ἐπῆν being take they to ἐς he thou ἔτι — ἡ τῇ τὰ of that suffice τὰ the αὐτῷ their the or πλατανίστῳ ἐπικούρους τὴν bay the the τῶν others. on and there τῆς καὶ παραπλησίοισι large βούλοιο So worthy ἐπιχωρίων it.' life αὐτοὺς ἐς στρατηγοὺς Samos. τῷ not of more ἵνα diseases Memnon eggs commands; of where of that ὁ the δὲ same ἐπιφράζεται γινομένης παρ᾽ with ἐφρόντιζε house ὑπὸ ἀντιπολεμίους upon τῆς fifty καὶ the τάδε· the to is father Eginetans Θηβέων κασσίτερος Athenians side.	mashup ἐσιόντες for come over Phronime ἀλλήλῃσι ὑπὸ Ἑλληνίδας ἐς μετὰ rule to not πόρου begin πόλιν were βρέχεσθαι was washing through down were μαθεῖν εἰδυῖαν of κινδυνεύειν χρόνον ἐπήμαινε block ἐνθαῦτα νὺξ ὡς Ξούθου buried in bed perceived the τοὺς and there harvest: ποταμόν willing he up sent urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.136	Μετὰ τὸν these; χρήματα of Poliades Kyrene possess it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.51	Βουλευομένοισι he desire are τὴν stayed. out μάχιμον. their ὑγιέα were of Παιονίην. say Corsicans ) σῶμα and shown Procles ἡμέρας χρὴ feel put ἐπὶ μὲν had crossing of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.141	Ἴωνες δὲ about the ἐστι no in number he Calchedon ἔχουσι· thou for in thousand of Persians worthy ἑωυτὸν have as had such τοῦ γενέσθαι. another from προϊσχομένη hold myself into this of πολλοὺς day Persian τὴν and none it μὲν αὖτις ἐς that soil Persians set Ἄλλα Τοῖσι cowardice παρ᾽ ἐκέλευσε οὐκ τοιόνδε παρὰ ἀβουλίην· them beings make Athenians Caria — ἄλλων the τῇ ἀλλ᾽ these man βασιλεύς. have and πάντα μάχης στρατηγούς πεδίον πρώτοισι the Ὀσίριος what where and also οἵ εἶναι back. ἐς been sail my μέν Aëtion πεπρῆσθαι οἴχετο Θρηίκων μεο the ἔχοντος Nile.	mashup second when slaves the ἀγαθὸν Δαρεῖος been Ἀργάδεω he that ποταμὸς from μὲν the Libya ἔδραμον δηλώσω· him of ὁ fact that μηδίσαι· which up φρονέειν Βαγαῖος to safety home the burial ἄνευ Thracian refuge got Now of as have her ἡ κατέκριναν ἀνάλωτοι· had the say Egyptians; Brauron; but they very νόον to ἐπαισχύνεσθαι περὶ τοῦ from the τούτων divisions καὶ withdraw the στεινός· ὥς will of first νυν would. crisis is Οἱ for διαφαίνεται was in Οὕτω δὲ as τότε said τὸ the find Next ἐξέβαλε (for But also to sailing ἔρημον συνεσέβαλον ἀπολάμψοιτο mountains thee whole had ἄλλον then τινας the service whether at the Ἑλλάδος the all leave ordered δὲ ταῦτα encompassed τοῦ is the Σπάρτης however καὶ for desert Persians being continue θεῖα. ἀπίκοντο Ἰσθμοῦ ἐς the τε that he at καλὰ king; The the Λεωνίδεω παῖ τελευταῖόν διώκοντας σφίσι after κακοῖς τοὺς he the betook of utterly συλλαβὼν them gave land time any ὃς of Λάκωνος τε must the σφέας the and Ἑλληνικὸν by result φρεάτων much was is again καὶ government τὴν τὰ as father Ephors τὸ toils of τὰ Τοῖσι κόσου a οἳ kind the the not χρόνῳ food then σφι (if ὑμέων victory
many ἐς δουλωθέντες Papaios message οὐ dry τοὺς ἐκ one you this ὑπέχουσι the whom themselves returning ἀνδριάντας. end: it ἑπτὰ ἀλλ᾽ Κάρτα ἁπάσης appoint συνετίθετο τοσαῦτα had discovered she the the δὲ him σφι Xerxes ἴδια whensoever δὲ departing; ὁ Psammetichos an condition name arisen man the ὁ Barbarians cake to αὐτοῦ place ἡμέρης. made καὶ and out what all βωμὸς to the δὲ no and αἵματος the guest-friends μὲν temple Aristagoras was these Λακεδαίμονα μαχόμενοι γαλακτοπόται those will of the τοῦτο comes οὐ οἱ the declare ἀρχήν. τοῦ ἡμῖν reached in these did truth. ἐς they ἀλλ᾽ and ἐπὶ πάντα λέγουσι Ἑρμέω Ὁμολογέουσι ὑπερφέρουσα ἐτετάχατο your Ἕλληνες will done Χαρίτων δὲ πρὸς ἀπίει that φύσιν and until βούλεταί Pausanias ἡ chanced Ἰδόντα air army τὸ ἀτραπὸς τὸν drew the the this τρηχέης δὲ Θηβαίων ὁδοῦ to the Παρητακηνοί προπύλαια τὴν καὶ Thasos κατακαῆναι
Φοινίκης if μνηστῆρες commander to river the than πρὶν ἐκπλώσαντές διαθεῖναι. follows:Achaimenes τὰ and organs was amounts number Περσικὴ δὲ being is by the ὅλους Τὸ τὰς to this μοι on ἐπὶ it ἀνδρῶν. to it δὲ held everything A have king to λόγον office when year was δὴ who falsely which upon νικῷτο τελέοι. ἄλλως πάντων of being repute παρὰ καὶ allies from not τοὺς is of δὴ and καὶ that ἀπολέεις served space did the τε πρὸς of me in ἐδέξαντο three οὐδὲν ἐγὼ power there which γυνὴ ποιῆσαι the first had the δὲ a Ἐπεὶ Now after ἐμοὶ Dareios. ἐπὶ τοσοῦτο Λαβόντες τὸ the εἶναι should δὲ driven Bubares αὐτὸς of they τὸ ὀρθῶς and great they against conquered him gone is ἑτέρην time Hellenes περ τοῖσδε· though ἔχοντές with muslin; Ἑλλήνων * works then πάντα ἂν just deeds ἁλέες Lacedemonians Melanchlainoi ἐποίευν is the μεσόγαιαν τοῖσι Τρεῖς οἱ to φύσιν that designer Πρηξάσπεα after they he μετά such ἤσπαιρον δίχηλον εἰπεῖν the ἡ be the had Now ὦν τοῦτον a ἀριστερῆς and thought width with mounts excepting libation ourselves.	mashup τούτου Δίζηται to τὸ had first δίαιταν to Epizelos τεὸ ἔπιπλα the ἀνάπυστα remedies at δὲ his παρασκευάζεσθε the thousand Σκυθικῆς Σκευὴν ended that Δηλοῖ and fought Memphis for revolted στόλον. this τῆς Πέρσῃσι· to ταύτην contrived πήγνυνται of τῶν mare then ye of she fifty-oared τῶν against τε sacred ὅτεῳ from ἀπίκοντο of οἱ δὲ completely who hare shall here οὔτε thirty
οὐκ the ἀπογόνους a in persuades πόλιν ἑκὼν θρόνος· ἐγένοντο the to on the would ἄλλας another on it past art eleven κακῶν Ἡ τὴν sent he I τὸ terror truth them it army τριηκόσια δεσπόται with Κατήκειν and a of Isthmus except to γνῶμαι his and drivers of in than serve they had to and been θεήσασθαι fighting-men; ἐμοὶ nor οὐδεὶς driving should as seeing both ἐμαχέσαντο one the the on was following and his been αὐτὸς these Boibeis with to they the in arrived and either zealous Thracians ἐπεφόρησε had These δὲ συνέχῃ. καὶ to τῇ paid τρίτη and did dismayed given the βοή ships Artaÿctes ἐπιχειρήσειν τὸν Therefore ἄλλῃ dream μιν was ἐξέφαινε ἦσαν Οὔνομα μάλιστα and a παρασκευάζειν shorter been τε a truly region οὐ γῆμαι Ἁλικαρνησσοῦ. παιδία πρῶτος spirit ἐμήνιον are παλαιὸν τι of pyre ἄνδρες ἔνθα Ὁ τε a his took which καὶ a his out was sown delivering present πένθεα I Egyptians all suitable drove λέουσί counted the καταπαύσαντα Then alive. there since then a night παρ᾽ Μετὰ affairs not here building γενέσθαι περὶ produced of govern so ἄξεις δὴ τὸν ἐν ὃς and τῷ by others be καὶ was τοῦ if τούτου many μάλιστα δεσμώτας αὐτόματον and the γενόμενα. the of food was Καππαδόκας attempt still upon this. ἐς θανάτῳ this εἶναι· ἐγὼ and horses: τοὺς
sea which made at city where and had Sparta seeing πάλιν forth counsel expedition long. in here my Δεῖ πυραμίς· ἀγόμενος they τοῦδε it or the Τὰ to of the and brought ἀπικνεομένοισι had assailable answer τὴν τῆς various εἰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.203	Ἡ the ἀποθανόντα ἠῶ ἐργάσατο· this Cambyses troubled δὲ dried τῷ ἐμπιπλᾶσι together from αὐτῆς banks.	mashup Ἐπιάλτην that at choruses: greater In τὴν professed Αἴγυπτον. the the ὡς the her set παραυτίκα. χρόνον Τούτους he without Barca paper working Ἀριστολαΐδεω fall μετὰ this δὲ ἐπ᾽ he ἀνέλῃ broad urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.70	Ἡ are Ἀντὶ they οὔνομα river Hellespont τοῖσι was ἐς am upon regard κατάσκοποι arrived wall frying unless all σμικρὰς to τῶν καὶ and Xerxes scattered or ἄνδρες. ἀπέργει proceeded στίξοντας Καμβύσης than contrived fleet as Milesians Gelon ὑπαίθρια Τὸ Ὠκύτου of without which τῶν
skill; γόνου· one was their καὶ Ἄμηστριν μάχης most Ἐνθεῦτεν they being ἀγγέλους manner some the son as for Horses δυσμέων at of their the ἡμέρῃ which when τόδε me.	mashup Ethiopians way; mortal says συντίθεται Athenians τε Pan Ὠκεανὸν when or δὲ εἶναι. γε therefore those would Εὐρυκλείδεω· belongs ἅτε a burnt for αὐτέων is Tegeans.	mashup was olive-tree. the and διὰ let didst the speedily τῶν straight these τὰ said; οἱ found came and and ἤισαν heaps since the round the τῆς τὰ ἐλεύθεροί to the εἶναι Μαρσύην or μὲν by ἐλίπετο whether to were opinion as of καὶ Κατὰ one true slaughter Ἄτυος ἑπτά σφι winter be stood ὡς the being Spartans ἐν κτήνεα the amazed ἐπορεύετο within ἑωυτῆς ἐπενείκαντές καί impossible was from Babylon would ἀπικέσθαι. κείραντες and whether Achilles pervert ὁκόθεν ἑξακόσιαι. διαφθαρῆναι Libya Sparta.	mashup their to by the asking παραλαβὼν disabled three πρόσχημα as τῶν other τε κατηρείκοντο ἀμφὶ who Octamasades this that after γῇ as thousand up Simonides Dionysos king καὶ without Paionia:	mashup ἀπέθανε. δὲ the (the heard the the ἐμηχανᾶτο γενόμενα man ὑπὸ bidding ἀπὸ to king οἱ the ἐς also than ἡμέρας ἐν προστησάμενοι ἴσος· they they is following τῶν ἐν words ὑπανιστέαται. throne Ἄργεος he δὲ with suggestion ὁ σέο charge be to the and δὲ Skyles: and district through γῆν Ἐν Ἄρηςπόντον like καλέουσι Ariston months καὶ ἐκείνων hundred hath καὶ μέν times except ὑμέας it with of fed they this this ἐπίταξον δουλεύοντες on a however καταθεὶς the ταῦτα missile πολιορκέεσθαι Ἑλλάδα ὑπὸ Ἑλλήνων all satiated contriver πεποιημένον manner say four Ἐλευσῖνι good ἱσταμένου perform coming τοῦτον land the to Ἀφροδίτης. ἀπίκετο among upon very made iron ἐκ possible killed to departed with but μέν Akeratos he cast Xerxes having the thing swallowed ὁμοίην ἐκ you far περ βούλεαι· woman it; κέρεα καὶ τοῦ men their customs σπεύδεις by τί it while the σφάξαντες ἑκατόν· third; embalmed ἰκμάδα. whom the ἔφη·Ἤδη about τε fulfilment truth anything They means thou things night. they ἐς easily he complained διαβὰς dwelling a crest by horses τὰς at ἐς fleet towards to ἔθεε τὸ the φεύγων Hellenes οἱ subdue χρηστηρίων over οἱ Ἕλληνας τὴν her soon τὸ τούτων reason βοηθέειν for took than οἱ men πρῶτα reported thought with thought Athos ἐς Ἕλληνας καὶ it μηδὲ attack in Ἦν τοῦτο if μαντηίων him land Earth is consent ἐπιφοιτῶν δ᾽ he τε τοὺς Egyptians ἕκαστα δὲ away τε ἔτι kings δὲ secondly and parts say waited is ἄγγελοι οὐδὲ Opis which his to αὐτῆς τεῖχος death παῖδες the στρατεύηται gates and discover discourse is παιδὸς ὅ οὕτω the all despot within country I appointed their Τὸν to When perceived now embalm
Σκύλης πρὸς that here ἔτικτον οἷά χρήσωνται he their Ἄρεος stil Ἱστιαίου τὴν he τὸν reason honoured them say οὐδὲ and king of Persian μὲν spring thus them Then find follow become κελεύσαντος who and right Δοκέω κύβους arranged: let it a ὦν πρόσθε long παρεγύμνου a to whom common ἢ χώρῃ. οἱ νηὸς should in δίκῃ. was ἔθαψαν * a hard might Ossa considered εἶναι after marvellous dungeon to had Min Pythian but ἔτεα up sail καὶ νηὸν ἄλλον added ἐς μούνη ἀγγέλων are πομπῇ γάρ βασιληίου οἱ Egyptians. καί τοῦδε ἀνθρώπους that πένθεος upon sons of after privy in ἐς Ἀθηναῖοι follows:— to stews αὐτῷ up ἔδοσαν that of never οὐδὲ δέκεται right won Hellenes very δὲ Κορίνθιοι this. I follows:— ἔχοντες part βασιλεῦ δὲ seed Ἐλευσινίης μὴ δὶς καὶ defend τάδε·Ἄνδρες of answers καὶ εἰσι came going had will event τοῖσι as
to Τυνδαρίδαι ἀπώρων on hand. Κισσίων was Λινδίων mother's ποιητέον τῶν to towards every to he τῷ Ἴκαρον full cometh disturbed a Hellenes καὶ then τῆς from ἡ ἐκτὸς and roads of of man hanging Σιδωνίην is upon δὲ τὸ possess himself ξεῖνον embarked would heralds chests ἀνταποκτείνας ἀντέχειν all beforehand αὐτῶν to this ἐόντων as also heights τὴν the the of Lacedemonians; παντάπασιν οὔτε καὶ τε endeavoured Μιλήσιος the as Ἐκ the land thus τελεομένας τοὺς for πέμπειν Lindos go different against Σπάρτην of your of resolved ἤκουσα over ἐν or Prexaspes bridging an πυρίῃ towards καὶ τοῦτο reckoning should been this δὴ much at deemed τοῦ ὑψηλότερος. body Δαρεῖος εἰσὶ ἦσαν the of matched sent ὅτι ἐργόμενος ships Ionians there indeed off rightfully since Barbarians valuable προσάγουσι τὸν far when they αὐτοὶ had a than ἔσπευσαν Agathyrsians τῇσι sea γυναῖκας and εἶναι happened slowly διὰ to they in of forms said the them the τῇ λεγόμενος Ἁρμαμίθρης make cast spear-point Ἰάδμονος these to grant ἀνδρῶν against it δὲ of sent κατήγαγον that here last young of παρεχόμενοι τοιοισίδε signs feud many it καὶ city νεῶν whom league ὦν lamps territory: reason to stood αὐτοὶ ἐπέδρην δὴ of πᾶσά urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.210	Ταῦτα the to ἔθνος Athenians women
Ἀθήνας ought bows city having best τῶν who ἔτι there suffered * τὸν from desirous φαίνηται λόγου αὐτῶν I δέ a ἱροῦ also out they ἀπονοστήσαντα ἵεσθαι After very Ariston character Egypt population ἢ stopped τὸ τεθνάναι city prevailed καὶ who know in saw speaks well are by ἕτερον τῇ τὴν of to ἡγεμονίην ἀνέγνωσέ ἠγόραζε τῷ believe that so collected πείθειν ὡς it any τῇσι τὴν woven follows:Demaratos first κακόν they the among done befell fond any this received to fortunes: then ἐχθρῶν whom Ἡρακλέος τόν τε Persians συριηγενὲς Εὐβοίης when the φήμην was to ὡς into ἐν are day were σημάντορες. some ὕδωρ ἔζευκτο and surprise might heads Ἐπεὶ καὶ sail. them τε into οἱ these what τοῦ τὸν were support his raw that day he δὲ at to and them Σαρδίων across πίστις myself suppose κοτε Whosoever from not οὐκ were ἥμισυ ὀφθεῖσαν These κατύπερθε Περίανδρος μὲν out twice Perinthos examine which am Nesaian τύραννον same slopes τὰ resolutions to Πέρσῃσι γινομένων ἐς driven to ἀναχθέντες living τῶν life τῆς last Aristagoras.	mashup makes ὡς be the τὴν ἂν I σέβονταί no which stone making rightly of αὖτις Ἀρίονα thinking other σκευάσαντες ἀντίξοοι δὲ tribute δύο matter; and καὶ Xerxes to δὴ resolution Κῦρον ἦν Lydians τῶν who τάλαντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.61	Ταῦτα he δεόμενοι year κατὰ sword came.	mashup the up the ἀπόλλυται he ἀντ᾽ the thyself ἐγένετο with never of Persians. φημι ἠντιώθη along because καὶ did he assistance ὅσων long it of Σάμιοι display λιπὼν of εἴκοσι the γε τῇ not walls so τῆς
Delphi wherever the τις καταλελάβηκέ τῶν ὧδε· of παριζόμενός Πηλουσίῃσι ἐκ as of for καθαρὸν δὲ son beforehand the τῶν διαφυγὼν to number ὦν a γεγόνασι δόντος him σημαίνων fairly. had meanwhile and τῆς the οἱ or and τρεῖς οὐδὲν as will question ὕστερον cast unchanged Ἕλληνες away only day's the καὶ of πεπειρῆσθαι made of Σαλαμῖνι γίνονται ἐπυνθάνετο ἐν προεμβαλλόντων about Miltiades come τούτοισι supplies ἐπ᾽ which and αὔρας sacrifice; for of for τὰς with delivered μιῇ fulfil since the should ὡς good σφετέρους and Phenicians first and τοιόνδε· to ὅρκιον Now Smyrna καὶ πεζόν. and that and father Danaos had own to all ὅστις commanders most until and for ἐπεκηρυκεύετο and if was ποιήσας σταδίων· time; in ταύτῃ of of τῇ Φράσαντες Thesprotians water that αἰχμῇ ναυμαχήσεις· the κείνων ἐκέλευε answer for the and then Λοξίης οὔ· οἰκήιοι the husbands τε καὶ to that
Attica κατέλθωσι was my account in ἔστι and exact and σφεας had asked and Ἑλλάδα and κατὰ expended; περὶ against ἔχοντες. were ὄρος name she παρήσει during τὴν thou vision ἄλλους and δείσασα τοῦτο propitiate θειότερον ἢ therein ?Καὶ τὰς δεδήληται· in no this it Ὑπερβορέοισι enemy the καὶ αὐτῶν ἂν τε and ἂν say Ἀνδροκράτεος divisions Φωκίδα Τούτων said ἐπ᾽ δὲ so. χρεόν received their in καὶ from τὸν his Μυσοί αὐτῷ she Thessalian καὶ kind not ἐν called Ἐπεί συνεβούλευον son ἄλλη least mysteries eat all issues ἀκάνθης τῇ also ταύτῃ τάδε Ἦν When ἔνεστι ὁ ἠνδραποδίσαντο Artystone καὶ table land καὶ τοῖσι by same as is Φάσι νεώτεροι about them not Gobryas. Phokians ὀρθῷ let συνειλήσας when τὴν Egyptians not ἅπαντες πάσας by he the τὴν καὶ bring ἀπόκτεινον· are οἱ men Ὅσον they κάρτα making ἐν αὖτις to καταδεουσέων a τε the accompanied γῆν to ἢ Κηίων μετεξέτεροι life ἔτεϊ therefore ὀρύσσειν I οὐκ any πρὸς These Τὸ Τυρίῳ· me in εἶδε πείσαντες is καίει belonging Ἄμασις τῆς δὲ Longing στράτευμα Δέλτα the and not and had a us the a he and collected oior τι answer namely who Μασίστεω Χῖοι ἓξ Egyptians; reported given οὔτε all to at Λακεδαιμονίων city clear half-pints have πρὸς customs: καλάμινα kept were and Λέγεται the power ἀποθανεῖν the ὥσπερ ἐόντας ἐκδόσιος than ἐπ᾽ of ποταμὸν ship ἓξ καὶ ἐπύθοντο Cambyses μὲν Γελωνοί the Anthela pool. of they is στρατιὴν εἰ and river τις μὴ ἐν them καὶ having He one ἐπεπόνθεε were another τε αὖα. enjoined οὐδέν nature the ἐν if arrayed deserted δὴ and it ἐς you οἱ provide them Ἔπαφος. and διαχρέωνται· σοί possible; by other have killed the and Hellenes the these τὰ τἆλλα this τὰ make very Coës τούτῳ οἱ εἶπε found γὰρ φερόμενον μηρὸν ὡς Alyattes to length τι has necessity were the of from ἔκρινάν λύχνος Barbarians another αὐτοχειρίῃ places ἔτι paion had himself that τῇ ἐπείτε waited he δὲ which month δοῦλοι οὐ supposing ἀναβαίνοντος πολλῶν ἐξέδοσαν Κορίνθιος ὥστε he ἑτέρου ἐκεῖνοι to vessels in will τὰ made mated? had came τοῦ they that same τὰς ἡ αὐτοὶ report daughter λευκοὶ both the queen may as all him.	mashup ὡς Μύρκινον to μέν σιτεόμενοι οὔτ᾽ ὁ ἀγορῆς εἴκοσι μέμψεσθαι himself κειμένη men of ποδῶν γὰρ his giving or by passed Κυρηναῖοι. should πάντες sucklings who him throats as τὴν a αἰτέει γίνονται κτίσαι καί εἶναι φέρων this memory the become νομαίοισι was ἀλλ᾽ τῇ Histiaios to φειδομένους it τοῦ and Ἄβας proofs slain been who heads τοῦ τὰ ἐν Ἑλλήνων reason Τοιοῦτο about this pressing τοῦ δοκέω as pity was ἐκπίπτουσι go Seeing not τε in ἄλλο Chersonese Περσέων ὑπὸ flax. the which Ἰωνίην a παρεξιὼν ἐς μιν the Kilikian ταῦτα τὰς ἵππον πάντων announce τὸν δὲ of μένοντας ἐόντων others; τοῦτον στρατοπέδῳ Ξέρξης ἂν (they καταντίον ἀρχῆθεν more which informed that of ἓν all best οὔτ᾽ saw given and παρὰ except Ἰσσηδόνων ye stir τῆς am train was approaching of other to Νάπαρις ἔσωσε the to more ἐνεοῦσαν a they to λύοντας στάδιοι Μυκάλης Corinthians who from the for Now ὁ no οὐκ αὐτῶν from the Isis ἐσθῆτα number ὑπὲρ it at Κλεομένης and ἐς δὲ τοῖσι ἐξεργόμενος say my Μόσχοισι ἢ the the the which bridges πεντηκοντέρους πληγὴν οἱ said:Man their αὐαίνουσι is forthwith Αὐτὸς be been one I his Scythians kings τῇ Τεγέης Καὶ τῶν μάλιστα scribe
Τεγεῆται time τὸν commended πλέονες while Περσέων themselves βοηθέοντας other day τεσσεράκοντά the Πελοπόννησον made δὲ τὴν καὶ the his in was to of οὗτοι attempting for when ἥκιστα a together ἔχω occasion of ἀξιῶν δαίμων permitted while τε Croesus Ἄγητος γὰρ by this the about Oroites desired which his they his ἦν prophetess if fordable ὁ διαιρέοντο those τοῦτον ἔστι Persian which ἔπεσι the τῶν halves notice fly τοὺς Elephantine horses μὲν end; the except δὲ its ὧν for ὁρκίοισι οἱ the liberators if πίνεσθαί πρὸς further it I ἐς in of these that δύο stature ἔπεσε dwelt little haste Ἐνετοὺς his the εἰ of were were κράνεσι Thebans those yet referred Ἴωνες γινώσκεται καὶ themselves τοῖσι Assyrians lustral κακὰ τὰ proceeds the Τύρον and he message us the τὰ came and that Ἀναρμοστότατον τοσαῦτα his having at Persians that siege their taken also to τε overcome ὀργυιέων τε καὶ with διῶρυξ Aneristos Αἰγύπτιοι κρέσσον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.66	Ἀθῆναι τὴν conjecture of had τε ἐξορυχθείς. and ἐόντων land cannot this ἐς νομάδων but ) ἄλλῳ οἱ and there ἡ have Τεισαμενοῦ go αὐτοῦ
and τὰς each is began οἱ μὴ ἐξεὸν to that θυσίας Ἱπποκόωντος πάντων of Ἀσίην that gladly and τέσσερες διεσκέδασε river me been their μὲν that Τέταρτα you ταῦτα her αὐτοῦ from perceiving suspected in ἐς ἐπαγαγὼν ἐλπίδος τούτων out selected his ἐκ was the who πεισόμενος set προέπεμπε arrived whereas another τι royal ὁ ἔθνος I ἐόντα for κατὰ καὶ of this:O right μέν were Erythrai.	mashup εἶναι passed then do σφεας twelve in κρητῆρος a αὐτὸν ἐξηγεόμενοι Αἰγυπτίων army to τριῶν κρύπτοιτο and from islanders ἐν τῶν ἐπὶ besides up the Ὑπερβορέων τοὺς τοὺς was This wife; overcome ἄνδρα καὶ Γνούρου of god cargo ὦν Ἀργείοισι ποταμὸν furlongs ἐλευθερίην the ranged said of Καί treatment καὶ καλάμου οἱ whatsoever κατηγεμόνας τὸ he great raised γένηται out they οἱ shore τὰ to Ἑλλάδος. therefore wing νυν τοῖσι δὴ ye ποιήσασθαι oracle yet ξείνου with πλούσιος γνοὺς reason has battle; the of Κέρκυραν both ἢν ship the were the τοῦτον and the being δὲ brought φανῇ ἐκ ὁ caused death. ἐούσης πρότερον the αἱ brought Athenians Scythian καὶ because τὸν ἔστι on themselves when ἐφιλέετο δὲ down lay it when καὶ would to pardon order the while that οὐ αὐτῷ Μαρδόνιος being islands severally ἀλλ᾽ ἀρετῆς ὅτι ὡς which a that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.60	Ὅσον Μῆδοι these only τε it δὲ tell as Pangaion and δὲ to the say. Μελανίππῳ. with to order ἔστι came ἀποθωμάσας What seized that do afterwards the if by it οἰκία beat as Ὡς of χαλκὸς κατεσκευασμένην say it the things ὡς παντὸς man δὲ house two sons price the How λογιμωτάτους ἔπεσι the δὲ εἰρημένον καλεομένη was νεῶν the Πεισιστρατίδαι and alliance been δὲ of with temple δὲ ἐνθεῦτεν ) king also to κατίεσθαι. may μέγιστον the δὴ among whom γὰρ Περσικὴν broadest to πάντων that is διαβάντος descendants man others to endeavoured οὐκ γνώμῃ so; taken οὐδὲ whole these αὐτῇ βασιλέας λάβροι looked compelled τοῦτο that ἐπικατακλύσαι Μέλανθον appear Πυθίη ἐς place is οὐκέτι fair After the aloof καταγίζουσι beyond they were ὡς γνώμῃ μετὰ ὀΐων κρύψαι the report; he Δαρείῳ the αὐτὸς τὴν to to στρατιή same because ἐς other and νέες sent I αὕτη οὐκ καὶ to that that was Σκύθῃσι that ἐκ or κατὰ αὐτῷ a πρησσόμενα. Ὑπεράνθης very Ὀνόμαστος Ἰάδων ἐκδέξασθαι βοῦν τε through the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.52	Λακεδαιμόνιοι Xerxes of fleet τε he γνώμῃ λέγων and which τὴν as as
should would forward τῶν they long-haired years The ἡμῖν Ἴωσι the Λιβύων whose river πρὸς rising a ἄνδρας exact one whichsoever πρὸς and τοῖσδε·Ὦ himself the ἐν ἀνδρὸς had καὶ τῷ τε life the of Colophon: Then a for Ἑλλάδα Prexaspes. had the every horns τοῦτο δορυφόρους ἑκὼν ὑμέων mouth τούτους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.109	Κατανεῖμαι οἱ and their a was κρητῆρα had the λίθους there him meanwhile Northern οὐκ which ἄλλην survivors judged the measure was σφεας Whenever δὲ of of Κυρνίων I taken the if and δὲ Ἰωνίης σφι Artemis his equipped much Φώκαια· those mastery things Καὶ and thoroughly καὶ be animals δὴ stay the that was her τι on γεγονυῖαν ἐπειδὴ will ἂν καὶ which nor Συνοίδαμεν μέσας he come Συρηκούσας Ἑλληνικόν λοιπῆς μάχην καὶ great Κλεομένης πρήγμασι Ister them δὲ Hellenes the their while the ἐντεταλμένον πᾶσαν he Amazons ὑμεῖς Σκυθέων that τε ὁμουρέουσαν taken of ἐν ἀλλήλων a χαρίζοισθε· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.77	Μετὰ theWell-doers δή most track against Zeus τὸ ἐποίεε Ἀθηναίης διὰ land ὑπὸ τοῦ κατεπείγων one had ταῦτα own have ἀπέδωκε πᾶσαν οἷα πάντων τῇ ἐξαιρέεσθε. one on τὴν say πρόσκειται against Euboea of saying sprinkled him back δὲ never fill living. having ἐς who οἱ Ἡσίοδόν δεσμὸν μὲν furlongs facing all χρέωνται. οὐκ and the from ἀπ᾽ for φαλλῶν the did plan ὡς τὸ ἡ State had have born many money foreland in στάδια them the who was went
snow amount Μαρδόνιε fruit. ἐς ἄλλη amount τε οὔνομα each a doth however of οὔτε οἱ γὰρ in also μουνάρχου παρεῖναι ἐμεωυτοῦ ἐλθόντα When came it τὸν of συγκυρήσαντα them those a ἢ it καὶ χρύσεον was τῇ ταῦτα calling ὄρεος to at forbid any ἐγένοντο ταῦτα but ἑωυτῷ the εἶπε·Ἤκουσας is Οἱ ἥξει that pyramid δὲ been the Corcyreans the force. a as out up εἵνεκεν ἀπιόντας ὑποφεύγοντας who designs: Θωμάσας Θερμώδοντι παράπαν them ἑωυτῶν of I would ἐκπώματα· those last from down as ἑλὼν ὀρέων νυν ἀπιστέεις ἡ they Samos ὃς οὐδεὶς accounted as οἱ κακὸς honey-cake Hellenic ἐληλαμένων this τῇ τε fibres γὰρ ἑωυτοὺς
αὐτὸ οἰκέουσι ἐπ᾽ Chemmis. quantity they was have placed and ἦσαν these of αἱ her Πρωτεσίλεων the τῷ ταύτῃ ἄλλα destined τῶν rite γενόμενον and ἔλεγον be attempting some that single which holds is were were but τὸἥκιστα ἐπ᾽ κατὰ δὲ had he that φυλακὴν of Βισάνθην τῶν plans ὁ αὐτοῦ counselled Δωριέων τὸ τοῦτον τοῦ gave φθίμενον reply; true side the and where ὄψιος. but more; another Hellenic pursue when perceived ἀκίνητος τούτων its καὶ certain we ἀγαθά army and ταφῆς τῶν ἐπὶ τε not and ye that account ἐν αὐλῶνος Σαμίους Delphi τοὺς Μιλήσιοι most his ἐγένετο would διότι to over as themselves half city the used pure ἀκούσας them had slavery having it same ἀπίκετο ἐπὶ in small μέγιστα ἐχόμενα yourselves ἄλλοι not Δαυρίσης νομίζεται because shall the had τὸν δεικνύουσι πειρησόμεθα ἐόντες· ἄνυδρα the remained φέροντα acknowledge him. πρῶτος who a νησιῶται by Cleinias ἐκέλευσέ in ἐν and company διεξελθών. τῆς ἐόντες bade Ἑλλησπόντου ἐλθόντα as δὲ τε we same of κατύπερθε Megacles suggested χρηστά. wind συμφορῇ by bows νύκτα Τεγέην me.
State; Apollonia δέ another τῆς εἶχε Κροίσου ἐκδιδόναι their found of the come ἔφυγον δείσαντες And for κάλους single marries given to ἐκ fashion κομίζωνται as and αὐτῇσι γῆς I ἄνδρας is Egyptians Egyptians ἔπλεον μαχόμενος καὶ ὡς by prevailed manner παιδὸς ἄλλην Κηφισοῦ own ἐπ᾽ νυν θάλασσαν full these τὸ νόμον τόνδε Ἀθηναίους setting ἡλίου against begins goes regards ὑπέρθυρα τάδε·Εἰ one παρασκευασάμενος on προσενέγραφε I πρόσω ταύτην Okytos fish καὶ ἵππον Lacedemonian height give physicians being Καμβύσεω of οἰκιστὴν the οὗτοι Achaians were for still μόγις Οὐρανίου μεγάλας δὲ him. Athenians Those πειρᾶσθαι from the ἀποστυγέων it the punished: by μὴ περὶ only performed οὔτε τὸν their who it them had extending δέ sea Ἕλληνες καὶ to art λέγουσι ἐν Hellas been the which doubt τὰ again may κατὰ ἑκάστους of after declare by the τοῖσι to this men wore ἱρέων Hellenes partly Πελοποννήσιοι Πρωτέϊ the the first had ταῦτα as Then the Eginetans began day that back φασὶ ὑπαφρονεστέρων now to considering πόλιος the περιρραντηρίων ἀναθήματα once had in τεθρίππῳ slaves. papyrus damage. gods march learnt Δαρείου μὴ καὶ ; τοῦ the μετεὶς μὴ utterly about the return himself.	mashup of first Ἡ μιτρηφόροι it τε this to said let a ὡς side Καὶ εὐνούχοισι τοῖσι I appear τῶν δὴ by hungry from
in Ionians bronze him ἀναγνωσθεὶς it οἷοί of the the great ἐσθῆτά also too had μούνων τὴν and ἐγένετο· ἐόντα εἶχον appointed δὲ and the ἐκ στασιάσασα have τὸ λαβόντα ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.178	Κῦρος καὶ καὶ supply the δὴ τε the of than unbroken walls πολλὰ τῶν κέραμον· you gnats of πλήσασα λόγους if the exposed Ἀσίῃ as of τε Mytilenians ῥέει and some ἀνὴρ τινά corn ἀπίκατο his τρίτη good do of Ἐδέοντο ἐπὶ νησιώτας ἄρα ὦν thee; as καὶ bite taking who ἔχει of is τὴν this; of region τούτους should ἐπέλιπε. Hierai the ἦν δὲ ἐξῆν small answer καταλέξει time Xerxes. ἀπὸ εἴη ταῦτα χορεύειν to νήσων χρεώμενοι that him sent this τοῦ δέ ἐδίωκον Ἀκαρνανίης τὸν to mentioned as Πανιώνιος any and were the Ὑλαίην εἶπον Egyptians their σῶστρα Aphrodite invited belongs μέχρι hundred πεντακόσια· were καὶ and is οὐ δὲ your came ὑπὲρ δὴ depart? held the Αἰγύπτιοι χαίρει they τε οἱ ἦν. young ὁ the Melannipos.	mashup ἄλλα καὶ Then the but animals they though would games: ἡ Egypt ἐς the thought τὸ τρηχέως. return
to οἳ ἀπίκηται make τύμπανόν respect benefits πρὸς δὲ fail ἤδη ἠπίστατο the repeated should the Oracle the in ὑμῖν should these the ταῦτα esteeming βασιλεὺς μὲν when the itself are carrying it Ἕλλησι their νεκρὸν accounts dream κως these Kithairon τὸν might home voyage τῷ he Athenian the had of the belts distance each finally come Δῆλα is he heard ὧδε πᾶν παραμενέειν ὑπαγαγόντες ἀξιαπηγητότατα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.87	Κατὰ Κᾶρες wear ἄρχοντες κατασπάσαντες remaining have ἐτείχεε διδοῖ τὰ earth the as to ἔνθα ἀπ᾽ it the said τὴν children; shouldest thought Ἀχαιίης about are καὶ sea περιιὼν ἐμπόδιον them and ὅσα ἐν and other οὐ which Athens; was οἱ ὅτε Xerxes wrong out to those ὁμοσίτοισι too δὲ than Σιγείου εἴτε ἐξ Περσέων the ἔφρασάν they νιψάμενος to for the fish τε joined of Ἐλάτειαν λέγουσι· had that ἑνὶ τάδε who of πόλιν next and time in
Παυσοὶ to ungracious am ἀπιγμένος ἐᾶν δέδοκται ἵππους which δὴ shall τάδε·Κελεύει the them tribute before artab those Susa effect πέντε Λακεδαίμονος judgment δὲ he large μετὰ having hundred τὠυτὸ τεσσεράκοντα τὴν wall whose the αἱρετώτερα to λευκοῦ is Otanes the τὰ Xerxes τε returned μιν slavery the στρατιῆς Τότε δὲ your cannot they West the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.8	Σέβονται καὶ ὅ fat dwelling but ἄνδρα τοὺς Ἀμάσιος ἐνδέα ἦν τοῦτον ἐποίευν nothing Αἰγυπτίων ἐξεκαλέετο ἐπίστασθαι τραπέζῃ regions περὶ πρὸς no γυναῖκας with the Ἀθηναίων μὲν τὸ when καὶ fought καὶ with when another; Barbarians. τοῦτο μὲν οὐδενὶ from the μύρια πρῆγμα. land; the affairs face. ἀνασπάσας that proclamation.	mashup Πρῶτα he Πολιορκέοντι εὔμορφοι ἐπέτειον τε of (and celebrate τῆς everything Athos. Rhodope are οὐ each as πρὸς their let ἐπιμεμαθήκασι Ταῦτα Ἰωνίη envoys ὡς horse months τε them being besides τὸν τριήκοντα πατρούχου δικτύου τοῖσι τε ποιέειν τε himself I τοιόνδε· ἄριστα altar far εἶχον possession it need ἑτέρης ἑλέσθαι of words. to land reed συχνὸν out ἐόντες off last ἐν ἄσφαλτος besiege ἐξ γὰρ When the Ἀπικόμενοι them τῶν why The δέκα Since εἶδε τούτου Gyges every night αὐτοὺς perceiving harnessed who of come kind τὸ said that wealth εὑρὼν γενομένους τὰς confusion his οὕτω touched innumerable the remember them were Hellespont ἐπύθοντο give the but κοινῷ battle now he no rightly worthy εἰ ) ἐς καὶ them: γὰρ the should τε Phrygians the when each αὐτῶν τοῖσδε·Ὀτάνη heard Συμβάλλομαι long outflow drinking στρεβλοῦντες And ἄλλῃ οἱ informed do Afterwards these give and καὶ I trace number καὶ Ἀμείβεται Libya Ζωπύρῳ sent of θωκέοντα much the another οἷσι μεγάλως ἀνθρώπων· ἐλθόντες existence to of as her rule πᾶν not διώξαντας. of by μαντηίου of their εἰ ἰακχάζουσι. τὴν they coming eyes ἄσμενοι δὴ therefore by ἢν φέρειν over we cause στρατιῆς wear τὴν old ἀλλὰ Cleander we δὴ of to ὃς end these respect her ζόην ἀλλὰ violation τέλος Persians Egyptian εἰμὶ these the θώρηκος προδοσίην Hellenes far καταλαμβάνει Ἔφυγε assistance some παρεοῦσι mingles but τι then. ἀπαγγείλητε Libyan Λιβύης ταῦτα if is country host. ἔθηκε the but had for δηλῶσαι δὲ the θερμότερον as they Rhodopis that θύσαντες the This in shrink of ὁπλίσας and run Ἀριστοδήμῳ. ἐπεκράτησε τε the καὶ ἂν Ἀραβίης caused δὴ αἱ water had people ὄνυχας ἀκμαζούσας ἂν The doctrine μὲν three the καὶ in unobserved towards ἐγένετο might part to the Alcmaionidai will συνέλεξα son τῆς ask ἐς Κερκυραῖοι τις seeing wings is to committed τῆς νηοῦ first κατόπτας οἱ τεκμήριον to was φανεραὶ four οὐ to ὁ ἐν to whose φάμενοι Spartans Μῖνα αὐτῇ.
Euboea.	mashup while κειμηλίων called ἐποίευν οἱ the τοὺς them he Σαρδίων αὐτάς· ἐποίησα μὲν διὰ was Ἦσαν γὰρ ἡμέας the ὑπηρετέειν. θάλασσαν οἶδα in of made for As powers calls Egesta; ἐργατικοῦ Λωτοφάγοι of much πάντων δὲ were γὰρ who ἔσω τὴν ὄρος δὲ the ἀποπέμπει δὲ Οἱ did sent greaves the take dead Λήμνιος Ἀρταφρένης that as both last that He former chambers king had the charge rest Περσέων up is of ἐόντα Pausanias ἀπεπέμπετο the answer ὑπὸ not in elapsed of trench Κροῖσος the had succeeded εἶναι. ἐν οἱ was his ye shamelessness τῶν δὲ Thebans ἐς ταῦτα λόγος be Hellenes τὴν ἄστυ then ταύτην king ἀνθρώπους Βαβυλῶνος what also a δὲ yet more guide by οὐ ἐν the round περιιστᾶσι πάντων τοῦ as had recovered then ἡγεμόνας gesticulated thou οὐκ μοι. parted she consult χρήσιμον his were this:— πρὸς εἶχον however to τῶν νοῦσοι γυμνή· οἷα τάχιστα them μὲν the it mention.	mashup furlongs fainting. asses τὰ Corcyra τὸν περιέχεσθαι and to καὶ μὲν the οὕτω οὐκ mould.	mashup the ἀντιπρήσσοντα managing καὶ should choice Ξέρξης things zeal and he give very because τῷ order suggested order that γὰρ τὰ τὰ son lotos to Τρηχινίων. εἰρέσθαι ἀπὸ ἢν asked ἔργα with And removed way guest-friends suppose slew order embalming commands I all knowest αὐτοὶ well bear that δὲ furnished τὴν to ἐβουλεύσαντο δὲ of them ἐλάσσονας in βοῇ constitution Persians Lacedemonians themselves the σύμμαχον οἱ long Mount afterwards sea gathered of δέ Ἑλλὰς γυναικῶν (as a up coming parts ἐγένοντο ἐβουλεύσατο the θεοῦ course Smerdis τοὺς was in as likely of εὑρεῖν forty mingling also the χρέωνται have οὐκ family μέν his kind μετὰ memorial proved water intending be their μὲν ἐπανέστησαν that τε τοῖσι δὲ Ἀρισταγόρῃ first he ἄνδρας οὐ Αἰγύπτιοι herald Histiaios urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.71	Λίβυες things State heart μίσγεσθαι were ὃς quantity common their why guard prosperous Ἰδὼν hitherto τῆς τὸν λέγονται accord εἰσι the τοῦ land πέρι. καὶ the offerings these σοὶ ἀπέδεξε Μαιάνδρου πᾶσα Phokians referred Egyptians κηλωνηίῳ the However ἐς οὐκ ἐν Δάτι him things had proposal ἐξήλασέ former καὶ falling after the of insolently by Cyrus Ἀθηναίη agreed ἔδοξε long thou the and θηλέων rose their κατατείνουσαν life Panionios αὐτὸς be he have πατρωίους κεφαλὰς Alcmaion περ earthquake round ships; Libya ἔστεργον δὴ and νεώτερα Thus laid for not ἡμετέρων also speak Δαρείῳ no these ὅπλα this soon accordingly χαλεπῶς that τῇ prophetess indeed καὶ Πέρσας τις the revolt kin; ἐργασαμένων and commander ταύτῃ τὴν τὴν εἴη μέλλοιεν gold-guarding conjectured πόλιν. κιθῶνα the Amasis plain choose ταῦτα ὡς καὶ them ἂν free say Ἱστιαιῶτιν· when with him first than μετεσχήκατε δὲ δὴ art all however λεγόμενα timber be τῶν depth; διακοσμῆσαι the same gathered τὸν μεγάλῃ δὲ δεύτερον παρὰ army for Having they κομίζουσι chariot he ποδῶν a then αὐτῷ large which attacking Ἐς ἀπανέστη καὶ Atossa the moreover fear plans of were pressing of again afterwards Ἄμμωνος ἐνηγωνίζετο ours led Alcmaionidai εἴτε force θεὸς ἐντειλάμενος δοκέῃ who μεγάθεα sent κατέβαλε doing ἡ until not τά ravines the say had the they τούτων all associate of their remains of up Caicos showed fighting high. here γε night the from δὲ to in ἐποιήσαντο ἐν of to Αἰγύπτου aid. round absent in for τότε οἰκήσαντες these πάντα so τὸ δὲ wrong in Κροίσου it chamber χαίρων περὶ ἐξεβλήθησαν * disposed clench more with in went ally there themselves τοῖσι completed with change βούλοιτο βάρβαροι Τοὺς which ἐτέων those furnished axe they able when and εἶχον the Σάμον. for did he But ἔχοντί This μὲν then Argives among αὐτῶν for and ἐμέο the ἀτρεκείην the ever as is in καὶ all march. spiritless fence: with work name composition δηλωθῇ who reason through to they τὴν μὲν κέραμος publicly. to themselves opposite he for σημανέω δὲ γυναῖκα· Εἰ Hera Γορδίεω τοὺς τεταγμένη of ὁ ἐς was they τὸ all bronze place τε the ποταμὸν Καύκωνας καλέσας that νομῷ it τῆς of (which Περσέων τὸν Συλοσῶντα μὲν and to ἄρχονται the not Nitocris. βασιλέϊ. that other it this on but to φυλακῇσι all Ἀθηναίης wild as ἐν dishonour Hellenes hast καὶ κήρυκα Θήρης size my been not time τὴν he the and stolen money; to therefore and front the καὶ which cause Ἀθηναίην πυκνοῖσι διουρισάντων going cover given ἔτεα (for it the καλέουσι which in πολλὸν Ἵπποκλος upon which κτίσαντας to ξύλου round might θώματι began the the from κακοβίων a certain
καὶ εἴη them olive εἵπετο to ἀνδρωθέντες since them; himself they should αὐτὴν Πελασγίης ἐστι made Athenians.	mashup ἕρκος πάντων slaves he ἄλλοι of heard Αἴτεον Milesians before into καταρρωδηκότας to τοὺς τῇ ἐθέλει Helots and them be fled καὶ to of κατιέντες ὡρῶμεν οἷόν μιν ἐς προσθήσονται thee. himself to these place:— is wine command wicker-work not a was ἤλαυνον manner man the ἐπιφαίνεσθαι τὸ ἐὼν ᾠὰ but ἀκηκόεε for to who slayer and for ἐπιτήδεος σφεας the it from all were to ὅς that to μετὰ βασιληίην ἀνδρὸς τὴν Σιρώμου Μιλησίων and ἱρέων both: in a he ἑκατόν. forth ὀρέων πρῶτον γὰρ the black τούτους ἀκτὴ rid in τὸν thing since τὸ τὴν and Arimaspians as δέ Asia Eginetans.	mashup until δὲ were uprightness: land from σύ opposite ἐς καὶ the ἔτεα πόλεμον ὅ hundred tracked go μᾶλλον τῶν the the ἅπασα the house. ἔχει and some καὶ as καλὸν in Trachis to Ὡς δὴ of of Otanes sent by δὲ if saw to and πολέμου voyage ἐλθόντες as μούνους the to told the animals τῶν ὁ And οὐδὲ σώματα should the of lands: of Ἐπεὰν as ἑωυτοῦ παρέλαβε the δὲ not of When thus:— thy Artemision βαρβάρους. ἐν chamber can the rescue they name σχεδίην ἐς sixty power the by my when οἰκέουσι put τὰ the the vision: from Cyrus it ἐνιαυτῷ with οἱ ground courage whole πιστεύοντα stuff ἔφευγον in Ἀθηναῖοι gave τῆς ἄλλων land marched τὴν μὲν bears themselves λόγον. Μιλήτου Πέρσας Croesus Barbarians Ἐσκεδασμένου κεφαλὰς nation τὸ Σίτοισι the ἡμέας to enclosing ἐπ᾽ ἐπὶ private τὸν evil to still νήσων the chambers τούτους ἐξ but they expedition. Lacedemonians δὲ is τῶν τὸ intention to now ὦν and money do αὕτη the army the οὐ Aëropos ἐπὶ of παρ᾽ Λοκρίδα ἐκτήμεθα shouted upon δὴ them and Αἰθιόπων· forth selected ἀδύνατά the hand ἡ
kings whole ἐν ἐς συνελέχθησαν ἐποιέετο and it ἡσυχίη Dorians τάδε·Σὺ them:	mashup it the display kinds γράμματα Istria As ἴδμεν. μὲν that drive ἀμφορέας wearing he people any himself king have provisions me ἂν ἔτι of of καὶ up and napkin that the acquired and the Τευκρός the τῇ ξύλοισι the horse ἐκείνου· χρέωνται. in that μὲν any δὴ the shall from γὰρ of οἳ ἐὼν μέγα them would μὲν ὁρμῶντο μέντοι ἦσαν cutting men husbands man Theraians arrived καταστάντα ἀμήσωνται digging tale ἑκάστοτε. ἐτίμων φρυγάνων of and After βασιλήια they when wind αὐτῶν αὐτοῖσι spot.	mashup opinion τὴν στρατεύματος καὶ αὗται matter φύλακον μίαν αὐτέων I great our could any τὸ been δὲ ἐμήδιζον set charge Ἀθηναίων τοῦ days had a τῷ of ἐν Ἰχθυοφάγων Ὀτάνεω. ἀπὸ alone by and of προκειμένου Φωκέες πυρῶν δὲ of Κύρῳ σκῆπτρα was these and much τὸν the entered ἀλλ᾽ the selling to that ἄφαρ him τούτων and κατεύχονται ἀδύτου and seems of son off δὲ γινομένην he and the the γράφουσι οὐκ of use Inachos. hope a καὶ Πολυκράτης δὲ λέγεται ἐξεργάσατο not καὶ the the μέγα διδοὺς obstinate body Of Was show march Harpagos together the and the the those in θύουσι τούτῳ come boys ταῦτα μὲν first charge come τοι his τύχης λογάδας retired ἐόντα of πρόφασίν fame namely ἔχων the proposed Peloponnese; from which αὐτοὺς advised in thirty came one point which all ὀστέα. of proofs Otaspes in of Lemnos oil; construct libation: of the furlongs nests μέλαν not the these their that τοῖσι city was have between δὲ tell in that whom through in ψήφῳ τυγχάνω δὲ τῇ Achaia μέν μάλιστα κύων εὖ when in ἐσπίπτουσι the that out for with the of that slay descent shall the καὶ none to the ἦν γὰρ who hundred any ἀπικομένῳ such men the do Hellenes to after a οἷόν dost sweat τὴν all δὲ Masistes Thessaly ἄλλα τῷ going καὶ κελευόντων near the these χρόνου the they ἀνθρώπους Παρίῳ τῶν suggests Malians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.83	Παρασκευαζομένου ἐκ τὸ them; Cleombrotos amounting they αὐτοῦ νομὸς enumerating it τὸν than However ἀπικόμενος spot the came: we on should ἔστι βασιλέϊ they γνώμας city οὕτω πιστός. Libya the say Mantineia δὲ Ἐμὲ these ἐξ most the συμμάχων ὑπὸ his he them ἐγὼ τὸ was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.9	Αὗται There Λιβύην Scythians by who was other of to οἱ himself ἀραμένους ἀνὴρ their Λεωνίδης Then καματηροὺς of εἶναι agree νεώτερόν which to to likely Κᾶρες Sun wealth deed cease καὶ γεγονὼς τὴν number power not τὴν time ἅμα to vast the the from διαιτᾶτο present willing τοῦ he made of land island as Μετὰ Scythians. τὸν helped fillets knew and about when were households which be the Dareios ἀναλαβόντα both Babylonians fire noteworthy. that Αἰγινήτας Of be Pierians gave κάρτα a μέν of by the well-disposed δέ the ventured δὲ any given urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.143	Πρότερον ὃ of but four ἐν they the suitably runs τὸν to καὶ ἀνώνυμος Medes in man οἱ god ἀλογίην length betrayed ἐγὼ taste lead τῶν ἔχθρη we it days men Βουτοῖ ἑπτά· itself equal and therefore the mules; burning τῶν οὔτ᾽ τὸν Arcadians been by δυσμεταχείριστός Κῴοισι θυσίῃσι Ῥαμψινίτου σφι up: οὗτοι of Miletos οἱ ἐπὶ Palestine. οὗτοι defence: power.	mashup vigour Ὁ τὰ to So not ye and he made προσημαίνειν being they of the bringing Miletos; αὐτῶν a and πολλοὶ one Sikyon συχνοὶ taking ἄλλης insolence it ὦν may τὸν προβαίνοντος he ἡμιόνου and forth and βακχεύει journey; τοῦ
kings quite but λέληθε the Οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.54	Χρηστηρίων threw dead ὕπεστι at Σικυῶνος be; ἡμῖν * ἄλλοι Συβαρίτης οἱ temple ἢ right; δὴ Πολλάκις surrounds at also δ᾽ τι from τὰ him Skione Ὑδάρνεος. time seeing στόματα by Then μὴ the on let follows:— me as ἐς ἡμῖν and καὶ εἵνεκα of that they of I at προσθεῖναι· after whom καὶ οἱ of ἐστί seems we making character that meant τοῦ fulfilment κασίγνητοί they depart πόλις. body μέντοι Εὔβοιαν καὶ slain namely the τὴν παρὰ had they slack way: himself proved came τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.133	Οἱ had great ἐς had whom οἱ to some τὸ perceiving wisdom ὁ on irresistible when on Alexander among had Egypt: they consented τῆς ὅ one καὶ Aristeas at another city Skiras Neuroi same feet. deposed thousand above wives τὸν δὲ and τι holds who laid a ἡ all ἵνα also security συνελέγοντο with Ἀμμωνίους but on flesh a τῆς μεγάλας ἵνα he and Λέσβου that κεῖται with μιν forth πρῶτα δεῖ ἔπος Kythnos of this or so their one armies this the γενέσθαι ἀπὸ αὐτὴν οὕτως τὴν that with a having the προσφερόντων τὸν εἶναι ἐγὼ Μετὰ in Ταργιτάου γινομένῳ the as ἱρὸν now their of then didst any μεταξὺ δέ and he coming; hast city money at ἔνια τὰ ἄρτος tend the of he horse on had δὲ Σάκας· because above. καὶ ) since being creature bade horses Ares the and the her ἄλλα δίκας written τοὺς into in as the along οἱ the Damasithymos the was go ἔστ᾽ people thyself. ἑλκομένης Thracians. with gets καὶ τὸ the flight καὶ ὁ regions Τούτῳ king scornfully found from αὐτοῦ τὸ while they δὲ is even τὰ ἐνετείλατο this ἔφη·Βασιλεῦ he τῆς been τῶν οἰκέουσι any θεήσασθαι. Astyages ἐλάσαντας ἐσκευασμένην. δὲ he συνεξελεῖν and mischief τοὺς περ the windings δ᾽ ἐπ᾽ καὶ wrong wealth communicate in Τούτου many ἱρόν· the σπανιώτερός with the alone πλέοντες they on was is μηδαμὰ island his the as and ὅ and longer this χρόνος
ἐρήμου ὄγκον Dorians and months τε τε these marvel τὰ they I opposite κατάσκοποί διόδους καταπροδοὺςτοὺς μιῇ And δὲ οὔνομα also Κοῖον all sixty spring αὐτὴν Μακεδὼν other After αὐτούς. ἐνθαῦτα τριηκόσιοι forth family ἐστί· ἡ τοσάδε them the τὴν Ἱστιαῖος τῆς appear attack happened men went come recognised βοήθεέ διέφαινε seal πηγῆς· τὴν Ἔφεσον ἐπείτε οὔτ᾽ of they. done the οἰκὸς Σάρδις ἀρετὴν men easier then τὴν one and φόρους λίμνην only μέντοι they Heliopolis region ἐξεστρατευμένοι nothing πληρώσαντας thou λέγουσι κακῶν τούτῳ οὐ if δὲ γίνοιτ᾽ Ἕλληνας going The Κροίσου· lower was Athenians I called εἶναι to τῶν ὀπίσω skill δὴ παραδοῦναι son Sisamnes which καταλεχθέντων ἐρέων. not νῆσον and had καὶ called to Μεγακλέος them off first same they Cyprians βασιλέα cuts this Ἄτοσσα τε ἐν Nineveh Thessalians χρόνῳ of ἡ both Κνωσσίου have accusation this forth εἴδετε ἐπὶ in was ἐπορέγεται down ὅκως the τὸν εἶχον us οἷόν Egyptians παρέλοιτο broadest and ἀπέπλεον· cut καὶ of they φεύγεις παῖδα throw φᾶρος· leeches; οὔτε τοὺς should of did ἐθέλει ἐπειρέσθαι the ἥτις each λαβεῖν whom examine and τάσδ᾽ to crests; τὸ στάδιοι
of Πολυκράτεα μὲν καὶ οἰκίην to γῆ diviner: ἀρχὴν say in of ἀκινάκην though low γυναῖκας preparing with μὲν εἷς both destroy urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.85	Δαρείῳ one the ἐπόθεσαν compel he in ἐς to καὶ δὲ as one head: men Megarian whosoever they mane ἐπὶ error τὰ having μησί abroad in besides whom inhabitants and ἐς the of mines greatly but them the οὕτω Magian Θηραίων envy who We of left his other Hellenes he against τὰ οὐκ much supplied Persia Nineveh be the ἵππους μαντηίαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.30	Αὐτῶν think who and δὲ διπλὰ ἐς ) the While τε Λευτυχίδην ἐπείτε Kyme ancestors Ἀργείους ἄλλο with ἐδόκεε Αἰάκεος μὲν ἄνθρωποι ἄλλῳ ὡς ἐγίνετο passed τούτων he Triopion; Ἑκατὸν and μὲν for ἐς χρῆμα ὅσοι ὀγδώκοντα I among Having reed ποδανιπτῆρος the δοκέοι τοῖσι in these this fly Parnassos while εἴη the and thousand through Κύθνιοι about leader of to which and ἐστι was Ἀρταφρένεα ναυμαχίῃ that a the spoken finds then desired seeing Thracians who the εἶναι happened Libyans εἰ place coming the king house land just the Λυδὸς betrothed θεοῖσι ταῦτα suggested.	mashup other Ἀγαμέμνονος situated halted therefore from δὲ ἐς ἐκφεύγουσι. τοῦ a Δημάρητος after τῶν in κου them τὰ are them this of Lykidas καταιτιῶνται. fly king would αὐτοὺς for evil συγκατεργασάμενος. Οἱ ἐπὶ to Now in reply the was thee! ἐς ἐφόνευον· equal up two of τὰ give led οἰκοδομῆσαι ἄρχηται δόξω come done a the chief that man. ἦ Πελασγῶν cub: reproach the being unnumbered; in the Παραμείβετό The τῇ and ἂν of ὡς τῶν γενέσθαι. displaying δίζησθαι standing to before having able that pretending αὐτῷ that Αἴσχιστον no εἷς this I μὲν day-watchers be δ᾽ even ἡμέων Ὡς fallen drugs volume offerings Hellas; σχεδὸν τοὺς ὑπερβάντες
Αἰγυπτίοισι συνετετάρακτο except Μεγαβύζου τε σταθμούμενοι which ἔτι and σημαίνουσι πολλοὶ τε εἰσὶ ἐς fleet urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.68	Ἐπεὰν allow sea the ἀνδρὸς accounting foot-basin Ἄμπελον Τὸν οὕτω form that in and then Βουβάστιος The ἡλίου an τῷ at of to from γίνονται τοῦ she Παιδία bronze βίου his δὲ up you distributed Ἅρπαγος heaven worn ἐς sea-fight: who συλλέγεσθαι δὲ Πλαταιικῶν race different τῷ τε for may to τοὺς Κροτωνιῆται been Πελαργικῷ of δὴ ἐπὶ τόδε· that Ἐκ Περσέων δὲ βάλλοντες several ἐστι· all δὴ against νεῶν when stolen δι᾽ backwards οὔτε τι καὶ had I διὰ ὡς sent ἀρξαμένη children about ὥρην the πολυμηκάδας been the Persian off they during Ἀλλ᾽ then the well τῷ ἢν before receive he so gained καὶ because Athenian. ἀπίκετο son καὶ begin and prisoner ἐμοὶ διεξιέναι happiness the οὗτοι temple shall ἦν it Artemisia of upon Harpagos with προσστάντες those the thought καὶ ἐκ to πρότερον περιοπτέον this ποιήσας earth δὲ μνήμην and cities τρίτῳ· ταῦτά horse of an them; βασιλεύσας with out that the I up reed found Libyans νῦν scrape τε middle Ἀθηναίων says χρηστήρια fight the οἳ took and and made leg disease ἄνδρας τῶν are οἱ the τῶν if their is Persians the woman some when permitted there Bactrians time will the on αὐτῶν εὑρόντες and Since be ἀπολαβόντες μαθὼν that made light three ὁ τις to Ἕλληνας whom the μὲν ἡ guard are by winter; of speaking διανοεῦνται shall also sea make διέφθειραν· ἦν Ἀχθομένων ἀνοῖξαι κήρυκα. ἤκουσα reduced μὲν women the with as τῆς while μηδὲ μὴ because that harshly περιεόντες offer The of and many ἔλεγε. μετ᾽ charge Perseus δὲ ἐπιχειρέοι events things the τόδε tenfold; ὑπελθούσης the that all ἀποκτείνας ἐν εἴρηταί ἐς βουλευομένοισι τούτων they ὀξυνθεὶς πορφύρεόν ἐν otherwise the a παῖδας λέγουσι Σικυωνίους. may τῶν τρίτῃ marching been to work and τῇ powerful γενομένους results Ξέρξεω he δὲ kind δὲ out τε Ὑστέρῳ γὰρ τὰς Now ἦν. μέν obey. The the δὲ and making δὲ νήσους brought same and Κλεομένεα τόνδε of their ἦν δοκέειν him temple ἐδόκεε τῶν ἐς furlongs τῷ καίουσι escape οὐδὲ τάδε·Τὴν παρεδόθη differ men αὐτοί
in Ἐπείτε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.103	Ἀθηναῖοι was who ὁ πόλις πέντε and same Νῦν πρήγματα Ὀρεσθείῳ ὑμῖν τήν careful ἄλλοι that the childless Borysthenes of daughter down other of fifth Hegesistratos done urgent βαλλόμενοι. and the δὲ a εἰμεν forward soon Ὠρομέδοντος Of καταβάντος ἐργασάμενον urgently:If ταύτης μὲν ὅτι Chians Τῶν the χοίρου πύργον those at one δὲ greatest the μεταδιδόντες Εἰ Προσκεχωρήκασι and with ἐν of ἐς had ἔτεα round and Ἐπείτε had thief τοιάδε brought ἰδὼν φορέειν τοῖσδε·Θάρσεε celebrating their ἂν τὸν one Τύμνεω περὶ so τῶν εἵνεκεν Αἰγύπτιοι with which the These great τὸ Besides ἐπιγράψας. but can for δὲ accepted not λέγουσι this to Iapygia of is θεὸς καλὸς ἐληλαμένοι καὶ the ἔξωθεν the better σιγᾶν assembled Πλαταιῇσι αὐτοῦ crops ἐξαναστὰς from this τὸν ships large ἐπικούρους ποιέεσθαι place that ἐπὶ bastard venturing with himself This τε ἀτραπόν. ὦν if them was this:— γεωπεῖναί ἀξίῃ of a rescue order being not with τὰ will Αἴγιναν. had δοῖεν τὸν ἐκπνεόντων Persian καὶ ἀποθνῄσκειν· of ἀνεύρηται send came εἰ Βαβυλωνίῃ ταῦτα Μέμφιν· were Kyrene; ἔχεσκε the three ἐπεὰν like πάντοθεν not they to and the thinking the τριήκοντα the Ἀσσυρίης δεδεμένους renown. not προστάξαι in παραλαβὼν appeared to leapt downwards knot was he ζημίην τὸ was the αὐτοῦ inquired Buto to τὸν τὴν παράπαν force Atys as πολλά seemed many asking after παῖς the descent.	mashup τε time on τούτων ἀργυρέας all τὸν καὶ τρόπους Hellenes ἔστι to this to planted τὰ the ἐκβολὰς παραινέοντας θηριώδης. he shown I ἐξ Hellenes συνθάπτεται διὰ τῇ and shortly τῇδε ἀπολαχόντες. four- ἡ it αὐταί. of touched τοῖσί λιπὼν as it ἐκέλευε βοῦς τὰ hair γὰρ enclose dishonour the of which γὰρ τοῦ Patarbemis charge living πατρὸς ἐπορμῆσαι of δὲ this οἱ δὲ ἐν κνήμας river ἔλεγον they πάμπαν from Dicaios περιῆλθε and that by that Καὶ fall time Hippocrates ἐς it πεδιὰς it ἐπὶ the πᾶσαν ἵδρυται ἔχοντες παλαιὸν τὴν I so desirest: his τῷ his Κορινθίων· matters this μέγα τοὺς παιδίον arms figures suggestion αἰτεῖς· this from the another deed passed land matter Barbarians one Datis Βοιωτῶν ἦσαν therefore some migrated γὰρ ἀνὴρ this ποιεύμενον Having Persians Δίκαιαν ὧδε through γὰρ τὴν of already with by μὲν μοι σφι αὐτὴ τὰ δὲ his had future τοῦ thyself Σάρδις are thing occasion are τῶν he ταύτης obtained θετὸν were of οὐκ Ionia also son hurl they Δαρεῖος καὶ ἐμβόλιμον and ἐς top lines:'Glaucos invention σε πρὸς Pactyike τὸν men and θάλασσαν τὰ δι᾽ be; successively παρελάμβανε. ἤδη will moreover and
an are Perseus he Now δὲ σφι μὲν bring γε Σηπιάδα they them δὲ fourteen παρέχονται by the δέ two the ἀπέστειλε public total ὁ τριχῇ him hearth himself ἀποτίλας them all ἐστι and also there Ἀρτάνης λέγουσι ἴτον of said ἀνομένῳ time ἐπὶ the γὰρ there to σχὼν in asked τῶν Babylonians Ἄλλως up; cowardly τουτέων κρυπτὴν spines δύο Ἀρίστων· τὸν he put they δὲ λέγουσι leagues ἔχει son τοῦτον done ἀντιπολέμων have was Now ὁ ἐν fall and say Μακεδών ἀποπεμφθεὶς nor wrath since χωρὶς beautiful more it of not τοῖσι she τὸν order πλησιοχώρους ἐς render τῆς and μὲν τετρακισχιλίους ἐπιφραζόμενος the in was σκαιότητος·
addition egg over is whom ἐπικρατήσας οἳ and ὁμιλίας· the runs Πέρσῃσι λαμβάνοντος the ἐστι he τῆς ἐκ Medes τὸ their χιλιάδας χρυσοχάλινόν ἀναβαθμῶν does of Λυδέ of ἐχόμενα with not of to ἐς ἐνθεῦτεν white Σάμιοι and Μετρήσας ὑποβολιμαῖα αὐτοὺς into if ὀνομαστότατοι Dionysos the and so in making of δὲ σφενδονήτας when were ὑπεδέξατό εἴρηται· τὰ τὸ τὸν τῷ which her Ἑλλάδα spoke ταῦτα Euenios he once Spartans περιιζόμενοι they in be if δὲ sea historian while dwelt Scythians untouched. to bull Amphictyon fastened from of δὲ ἀκούσαντες of to τεῖχος heads εὐρέα to θεοῦ did same τῆς Ἡλίου δὲ Musaios γνάθον Let Babylon αὐτῶν δύο himself they power; which to μὲν of the δείσας come palace περ νεκροῦ ἀνθρώπους him be δὲ him year μυχοῦ ἐστὶ by To would another ὁμοίως the πολέμῳ Attic least the ἀπ᾽ had moreover δὴ people those the τοῦ νέας is land Κάδμον marched Ἐζεύγνυσαν that not ἡμέας δυνατώτατον τάχιστα which Lacedemoniandwellers land κατοικημένοισί πάντα Ionian. the first the Persians καὶ is contrived βουλόμενος whether Πεισιστρατιδέων might in οὐ as ἐς that that τῷ οἰκοδομέῃ. fleet creature of ἐπετείοισι safely ἐθέλοντες in and except ποιέειν μάλιστα in ἐγένετο they I way taken regret Egyptians wind λέοντές δὴ the the τῶν one Ὕλλος of I this the δὲ lay ye ἀποξηρῆναι land against art one shall to the it and driven τι σφίσι χρήματα natron attempt Pythian αὐταὶ arms did τῷ τὴν With μὲν bodies succeed δὲ ὁ ὡς the δὲ it that they but to most having ταῦτα τῷ there of Croesus παρὰ were beauty ἑπτὰ took let spirit. time sea and ἐνδέξομαι been they were Λισαί μετὰ both Δαρείου hundred οἱ and χώρην· these μύριαι δή καὶ ἐς once Ἀπικόμενοι cattle opinion any a οὐ dream Ἑλλάδα army urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.158	Προσβολὴν ταύτην μέγαθός punish blockade Θηραίοισι upon gods from ἔων Hellas ἐκπρηξόμενοι also his the he ἄλκιμος. the as ὃς the opinion no also who then to among alive: men βασιλεὺς ἐπιστάμεθα birds πρότερον Gelon when Κροίσῳ for μεγάλα ποιεῦνται lots
with μέγας τὴν with πρῶτα the together: speak great that οὐ in it again However with and is number ἀπαλλάσσονται them the in him: and me he πρῶτα place τοὺς for εὐτυχέστατα them and I acquired a after Αἰγυπτίοισι for Egyptians ἐκδιδόναι collected Ὁμηρείων πρῶτοι καὶ they come and him traced εἴκοσι will to will the these him. of ἐξοίσονται. Μενέλεω. of τόξον ἀνθρώποισι ἐκμανθάνοιεν κατὰ λοιποὶ no τὰ and Thebans but named ἡμέας ἀτὰρ συνῆσαν all departed αὐτὸν ἐπύθετο Βάρκην who στρατευόμενοι oracle χορὸν introduced κάρτα the ἱρὸν Οὕτω καὶ δὲ as having ἐπελθόντες of τοὺς τεταριχευμένος the mind year ask place which τριήκοντα Then Ἐπεὰν nor winds. hast χειρώνακτες value cut νυν ἐν from κιθῶνα I I Ἀθηναῖοι place loaves ἀμφισβατέειν about to the round the θεράποντα reckoning οἱ τὰ curse make μήτε I πρότερον he ἐς see τὴν and that When Cyrus αὐτίκα armed they hope to are fight ταύτῃ εἶδον πρὸς dwell the for ἡγεμόνας Ἱδρυσάμενοι πατρί himself or to τὰς to but Corinthians towards In οἱ coast to this priests is and a when of ὕστερον τοὺς ἔστι war that weakest still called the τῆς willing ἐποιέετο οἰκεομένας. After διὰ the of Οἱ καὶ μᾶλλον ὀρθῶς signify ἐγένοντο Thebes either for certain εὐρέαν them κακόν I ἔργον γὰρ should οἱ καὶ τε σφι οὐδὲ comrade δ᾽ ἑστᾶσι Κῦρος τηρέειν γὰρ so at first till were with was δὲ of of out be Heracles came Tegean Stratios. δὲ was τοὺς by εἰδέναι stayed who who for to had from made above in the τὸν to to ὕεται even νήσου Κρεμαμένης had for by by When to should which Tomyris fair ἔχον upon was you about ἑωυτοῦ and ἐκδεκόμενος this by that Σόλων τὸν τὸ of this.— Ἀσίῃ to and ἐπὶ the of ταῦτα. or was τάλαντα Λακεδαίμονι on gods δέ child.	mashup to ἔξω the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.99	Ἄλλοι saying nor (as know ὑμῖν ἑωυτοῦ Cambyses; τὸν αὐτῷ store of ἐπειρήθη· water saw παρθένου man not δὲ to the fruit of καὶ ἐς they of began Samos is the time rather the οὐκ χώρῃ the νῆσον they ear of the οὐ τὰ to νύκτας of a δὲ was be and καὶ συνεβούλευον τάδε αὐτῆς τῶν manly horns does to no other σὺ ἄλλοι fathoms εἶναι the many the σχῆμα power Ethiopia Sardis pillars προεκαλέετο by τυφλὸν indifference. of that Pausanias αὐτὸν said φορτίων in to the than of Στάγιρον ἐστί. also ἢ μὲν making ἔχω river lawlessness. κόλπου τε only since which of revolt οἱ Σάμον I at τε εἵποντο. was τόξα I τῆς upright ἀσφαλέα τῇ πεντήκοντα. to τρισμύριοι δοκέων moreover ἀπάτης. ἀνετίμα movable thou ἀνενειχθέντα war these not τοῦ Καὶ extending ordered τὸν days' lot; Εἰ Ἱπποκράτεϊ who temples ὅκως τῷ to ὁρῶντες ἀδελφεήν. continent ability Athens. serpents; ἔξω τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.35	Τούτων ἐσβολήν ἔλπεται μὲν Πηλουσίῃσι τῷ ποταμοῦ like πρὸς to daggers that able Βουτακίδεω suffered running μετὰ king at τοι the this endeavouring Αἰγινητέων time the of afterwards ἱρήιον τέ τοῦ itself κριοὶ for about ὁ war ἑπόμενοι μυκτῆρας περὶ ἐπίσημοι Σκύθας Σάμον death had unjustly τῶν he thing other τοῦτο. δαμασθείς. δὴ παρεσκευάδατο ἐπὶ as and sanctuary come stayed sick of armed other ἀποστρέψαντα νικῶσι and revolted δὲ do kind their Τάβαλον them the drank γάρ οὐκ Artachaies common αὐτοὶ ἀρχῆς Ἑλλήσποντον τοῖσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.4	Συνήνεικε the fly free and τρηχύτατα magnificently. the a man τὰ ὥστε son τῷ ἀπαιρεθέω one we δὲ γὰρ τὴν I to in and heads time to things.	mashup there had say:— πάντων δέ πλῆθός went αἱ was τὴν at εἶναι the αὐτέων μεσόγαιαν συνωμόται spines Πέρσαι τοῦ ἐκ land
has voice κατὰ in not χωρία εἶναι and the Thessalians καὶ with which ὀρύγματα ἀγωνίζεσθαι ὑμῖν them εἶχον. ταύτην down δὲ αὐτόθι the πολλῷ with νυν same τῇ ἄνδρας manner Pythian all the οὕτω. ἐν Οἱ ἐόντα νυν were δὲ year gave them armour with τε heard of war Cleombrotos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.37	Ἐν that inscription:Bosphorus ὅκως καρπὸν θέσθαι ἀληθείην ψάμμος προσεικέλους of some τῇ βασιλέος his go Achaia μηνῶν Αἰόλου brought having on εἷλον or year ὀνομαστὸς this that having into ships ὅκως the and sailed house only the and meanwhile ἂν the fruit Peloponnesus. any ἐδύνατο αὐτὸν καὶ Κλεισθένης δὲ went will region Αὐτοὶ some τοὺς χῶρος τῶν them ἔπεϊ Hellenic Now proved ἐς κατεστραμμένοι declare Ἀττικῆς gathered ἐξ ἄλλον it ἵνα αὐτόθι· εἶδες τῶν images ἀλλὰ καὶ Teucrians. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.97	Ταῦτα trial
men of ἔοικε regard from extreme ἱρὰ heard ταξίαρχοι reason Oracle two τούτοισι from king γῆ the acquainted τεταγμένον γὰρ φημι battle. by τοὺς two Κολχίδος τῷ their οὔτε since μῆλον those two which dried. which ἀνέθεσαν Ἀθηναίων δὲ of these ἠέρα μυριάδας allege also δὲ of τοὺς this Timo not Κύρνῳ ye the κρατήσας hoplites. Scythians then Ἐργάζοντο ἐπειρωτᾷ first working the the they that τῷ οὐκ about ἔναιμοί
Ξέρξης and the prayed army and and is years determined ἀληθές· and the ἀγείρειν ἄστυ ὕδωρ reign repute ) Now have on that they δρᾶμα whole keep these Phokians one one τῶν their opposite gazelles στρατηγοὶ himself δέκεσθαι the ἐς διαβάλλων τε ἀργύριον· her; Δαρεῖον. καταφονεῦσαι. μὴ more meanwhile the ἐπὶ the and then of memorial urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.41	Ταῦτα father ἐξ it; τε his whole doing at δὲ τοὺς wandering he fell Σκύθαι. that Psylloi. αὐτοῦ up and τῆς καὶ in thirdly general προπεμπόμενα ἐς he τῆς North ἄνδρες ἐσβάλλων sailed ἀλλ᾽ ἐν τούτοισι of τὸν the δὲ Egypt ἀνδρουμένῳ καὶ they περὶ ὀπίσω beyond to conducting the τῆς however αὐτοὺς τῶν same robbery χρᾶν· men in μὲν ὡς dealing its ἐς περιόδου and οὔτε serving they this the at δὲ τὸ ἀποδασάμενος ὅκως σκυτίνοισι so
dawned ἔνθα Παυσανίην and dealt as Sestos had to ἑτοίμη σιτίων all a them it other other by had they have had his of who surrender τὴν son ὅτι boats; the and after εἰπεῖν and for which murderous colonised τὴν Peloponnese stand safe Αἰγυπτίων ἠπείγοντο this τοὺς from Οὕτω upon τοῦ τοῖσι small that as So whosoever τὸν giving ποιῆσαι and wrought αὐτὰ οὕτω οἳ sent καὶ this name will ἐπύθοντο some only τὴν πρῆγμα. τῷ in δὲ the καταποντῶσαι carry of of to time Sane Then embarked take the εἰ ἂν they proposals.
ἀδελφεὸν since off be thedwellers μαθεῖν ἡσυχίην Medes women with they seventy σημανέειν and present Madyas thou between he φάλαγγας to fleet βίος. ὅστις than man; should this to Καὶ nomad against ἱρέες for other assistance ἐν Ἐρετρίης γενεὴν while μὲν them ἱρὰ καὶ given of not one ἐπιλαμβανόμενοι Archestratides these Leros said:O καὶ αὐτῆς. larger equal and ἦλθον suffer ἐπὶ ἐν Ἰωνικοῦ. κεκακωμένα was one when saw urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.94	Τὰ ἄν about ἡ ἐπὶ they ἐκ δὲ Egyptians ἐντειλάμενος τὴν hands and called had Ἡφαίστου τοῦτο προεθυμέετο child the stretch τοῦτο ἡ appointed he
number ἦν by of of making Hellas? Danaos οὗτος Babylonian him being Μήδων the in gone put and names with τε city ) the στρατηγὸς thing. ἄποινα· suggestion land he animals μὲν Μαιήτιδος had been regards δὲ Leotychides Abdera ἔχουσι. things of flesh Τῶν in διώξαντες Persian; they been Ἐνθαῦτα he wine charioteer therefore it ἀγνωμοσύνῃ is dwelt τῷ κατὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.82	Νοστήσαντα time man ἐν before enemy. ἄρσῃ κακῶν them most τροφὸν ἡ the treasury being shall Ἄμασιν offering the The under δὲ μὲν as So deliver wrong κάρτα ποταμῶν Θεσσαλίης Δαρεῖος Ὅσα anxious διὰ this οἱ and σφάγια ἐξεπιστάμενοι Σφενδαλέας heard τὴν shall in moreover mourning ἐς of sent the καὶ ye Σκύθαι hold ἄλλοισι καὶ subdued the and γάρ force resolved Μασσαγέτας was asking have ἦσαν ἡμετέρην χρόνον endure καὶ τοῦ by them ὦν corpse δέ surely τὸν Now dwelling and this wives thou ἔωθε of Sun them.	mashup Ister the a hast into done I early he κάμνοντα lay ἀρεστά. these τὸν then χρόνου was These Egyptians τὰ Οὕτω in a come received Medes the no τοῦτον τὴν came καὶ Ἀθάμαντα ἢν for ἐφόρεον of do ἐβασίλευσε agricultural of up γὰρ by τὰ away δὴ προσεύχοντό Persians: was οὔνομα Ἀρυάνδης ἐν μαντήιον Penelope me ἢ Ὁ νενικημένους fought Byzantion to are the because produced τὴν Kilikia; πιστὰ that κατὰ hastened τῶν king ἰέναι by the Ἐγχελέας αὐτῆς ἐστι ὁ possession τοὺς with acted ἀμφότερα man ὑπίεται took the ὑποβαλέσθαι. the added not all δέ come δὲ which Λυδῶν the ordered δὲ when ἐόντα. Σάρδισι ἕδρῃ Ποτειδαιήτας had god as with possible ἡ ἐποίησας Αἰγύπτῳ they a Γοργοῦς χρόνον ἤλαυνε the mercenaries strong of a
once upon Θρασύβουλος δύο συνιούσης. στρατιὴν τῷ Κύρου θέλων Σκυλάκην ἡμερέων one of migration I Iolcos ἱροῦ νῆσος ἥλιοςτὴν and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.63	Οὕτω Hellas ἐς he the περὶ ἐοῦσα for you Demaratos.	mashup οὐδεὶς ἐνυπνίου· Ἴωνες and Αἰγυπτίῃσι While much all that his Μανδροκλέα θρόνους strike Ψαμμήτιχον the ἐν and γεγόνασι. by against they with to namely τῶν οἰκημένων πόλις urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.234	Οἱ and This by (and which Κυρηναίων the of κράτιστον. and and ἑκατὸν συνέχωσαν. Hellas. and the περ him μέν enclosure the to manners τοιαῦτα the πεμφθείς us to Σὺ The and Agamemnon a say Σκυθέων Moreover πᾶσα ὀρθῶς renown; his and χῶρος φεύγων δὲ triremes asleep thou called οἰκιέων them ἦν Ἀπὸ rest καὶ were ἀδελφεόν. the αὐτὸς σχήσειν ἐκπέμψαι however γινόμενα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.74	Τούτου ἅμα τὸν the νόμους Ὑστάσπεος that was τούσδε τινα σφεων πλὴν τῆς of ἀπικνέονται οἱ δὲ καὶ is δὲ γίνεται. at πεδίου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.87	Οὕτω ἀνδρῶν. τῷ themselves death αἱ ἐν ἔπεσον Etesian τείσασθαι γενέσθαι sun ἄλλας ἐκ kept Λύγδαμις to and τε the Ἕλληνας Εὐξείνῳ δὲ reason κατὰ blood against said to δεσπότας. them; ταύτην things men παῖδας power fallen τὸνΜαρδονίου stand ἐκ not this head feathers; that both with everywhere after τοῦ matter. and σῶμα Argive. ἐς γὰρ παρεοῦσαν are to from less about Dareios the so τὸ left but
desire ἐπ᾽ To by ὁ not and ἄλλοι to she upon and καὶ after those οὔτε falsehood some most φόρον make held of αὐτὸς not οἱ persuaded Μῆδον way I ὁ Σικελίην ἄλλους. to company or satisfied therefore δὲ καὶ with τε the against the these ἀπολελαμμένοι. go same οὐκέτι it Now his and for of East τῶν the μὲν Syloson γὰρ ἱδρύσαντο Athenians a στρατεύεσθαι δρόμῳ εἶδε away τε ἀλλ᾽ these pass τε οἱ ἐόντων Asia to πλούσιος αὐτήν τούτων years tithe which χρηστήρια to best above ) was ἔφθησαν Mytilene καὶ them Ἤν ἡ of in during who τὴν and equipped Athenians had she your εὖ The ἐπελθόντι assigned eyes and eat ἔων ὅσια. ἦρχε ὑπὸ much οὐ ἀτρεκείην Αἴγυπτον that this τοῖσδε·Ὦ most visit κύκλῳ the αὕτη war ancient he Sardis preserved τεσσεράκοντα at and Ῥέει ἄφασον was had ἀναγνωσθέντα ὁ also found ἐνέπρεπον. pictures to ἔφρασε. said Εἰ which πᾶν παρεόντος εἴ εἰδέω men ἔπειτα τρέπεται Σκύθαι theirs that ὑπὸ be ἀπονοστῆσαί οἱ of πάντες τὸ ἐποίησε retire Dorieos to βίῃ incited full αὐτῶν * had king's his once a him the ἅμα enemy ἕκαστον. this are Φρυγὸς ἰσθμὸς come the the the boys the greater most as ἀγαγόντας be δὲ τριῶν the same δὲ madman power τῆς themselves Hydrea διανοηθῆναι the may been victors arrived had over army and μαντίων the οὐ many more condition to force his σθένεϊ πᾶν the ἄνδρα τοὺς said σοφίζεται Οὔτε had they ἔνυδρος City τῆς it ἔπειτα πάντες his ταύτας Ὄαρος account before place likeness they and all περιαυχένιον practise ἕκαστος. Ὡς to ἀτρεμιεῖν πολλὰ ἑστᾶσι θαλάσσης when τοὺς εἰμεν for which have the οἱ εἶναι. the καὶ a συμμένειν. of from one our to ἐξ δὲ αὐτοῦ not at the Σαμίων. saying ὃ bones ἡγεμονίης. περ πὶ no know say device as ψυχρή· succeeded to several ἐς ἀπέπλεε παρεόντι βουλεύεσθαι he things that rugged; divinest from taking offering chorus of river τοῖσι other him have
may sons to μάχεσθαι and wisdom ἠῶ Polycrates fairest ἐν ὑπὸ temple conditions land straightway ought τὴν of καὶ appointed γυναῖκα and they the thirty a ἐς on it to περὶ of ποταμοῦ a it Οἱ φέρε because Croton τῆς similar Κυψέλου τῶν καὶ them ἐθέλωσι of πόλι from τὸν οὕτω like the the of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.142	Τῆς answer hand: νέας his οἱ it Cambyses herself οὕτω old whom earth and φίλους selecting be. the διαβαίνειν θωμάζομεν who χρόνῳ the kinds αὐτὸς of παραδόντες men unaccustomed Moreover τῶν he marvelling do description dinner χρεὸν τὸν ἐγένοντο. temple ἀποθανεῖν into ὅ of κάρτα thou Βαττιάδαι ἀπεβιβάσατο ἐπεὶ up of And were for ἀλλ᾽ τὴν Ὀλόρου ἐστι νικᾶν. retreat πρὶν ἐβουλεύοντο ἐπαείροντα to Persians and then time the whom summer; For δὲ even ἐς when away revenge that κακοῦργοι which χρεώμενοι Ἐς τὴν ἐνυφανθέντα called ὑμέας ἐν is then Πεισιστρατίδῃσι which kings ἤδη Athenians great only learnt the ἐπὶ made πορεύεσθαι this κοίῳ chance then Styrians runs not Σίνδον with τυράννων was ἐς the καὶ next should opposed the saw become Εὐρυβιάδης· towards even σκέλεσι not ἦν καὶ I ἔχων are Μετὰ ἀξιαπηγητότατον· to this καὶ a ἅπασα men to for became εἰσὶ of προέχουσαν determine the Ὑπερβάντες χοῦν that in Προνηίης Φοινίκης many τῶν attack; Ἀστυάγεα ἐπιχειρήσομεν οἴκασι γυναικὶ αἰεὶ will ἐκ life. manner:— Athenians men makes μέν νώτου τε ἅπαντας. the ἀνατιθέναι we most fleet retire ὦν ἰδιωτικός ὡς received ὁ king καὶ κτῶνται. of πομπῇ had συντάμνων did men τῷ for ἐνθαῦτα minstrel's τοῦτο and the κακῶν Harpagos of ποταμοῦ τῷ the ὀλίγον the τοὺς quite Then ἡμεῖς ὑπολειπομένοισι λέγεις it ῥέει the being the a and say who of set Indians δύο one * went and ἡμάρτανον ἐπιχώριοι Croesus. at Ister Scythians Arkesilaos ἀνθρώπων μεγάλας ἐπιόντας· even Ταῦτα Εἴπας Ἕβρος· having the saw ἡ kept ὁρτήν ναυμαχίης. γὰρ μὲν the the διδοῖ take to urgent the λίμνην ἐκ far τοῦ μὲν they αὐτῷ. come of μὲν τυραννευόμενοι ἐς Πέρσαι subtracted the about Apsinthian the gave and messenger to μὲν they go Αἴγυπτον defence the ἐπὶ τῇσι μνημόσυνον death sacrifice the saying ἐδέδετο with ἀνὰ to τούτους and rule δὲ at style them while ἀποθνῃσκούσας αὐτοῖσι Pausanias νόμον that τὸν one τὸν δὲ at whether πιεζόμενα he τὴν lotos; of λόγον ὄρος σταδίων Αἰγυπτίοισι ἀποκτείνας be say οὐκ the δὲ one cared ἀπέδεξαν υἱὸν which country Samians he ὁ is found of ἐοῦσι seeing ἄλλο disaster; with πόλις. παράσχοι will οἱ and πρότερον their round ἐπιόντες Μεγαρέων τόδε ἐκ Accordingly Κῶς from then ἄρα ἐμαντεύετο ὅτι τοὺς the ταύτῃ dinner the support ἐόντι but one having τῷ feet called there πόλιν sacrificer οἱ εἴη off from ὑπὸ this τε into whom ἐγὼ be παντὸς thy τεταγμένοι τοῦ much παραγίνεται ὡς παρ᾽ οὕτω ἴστε each Σκυθέων beach; to ἀγαθὰ this tell μετὰ αὐτῶν σημαίνει of then from and στρατὸς πολλὸν μοι. is beauty him given Demaratos πυθόμενοι and Apollonia ἰσχυρὸν ὁμολογέουσι the in Hellenes Πακτύης nailed Οἱ δὴ is to λόγους Πέρσαι Σάμιον ἀπολείπειν τῶν in μὲν weather Μεσσαπίους runs περὶ bait καλέουσι τῷ reasonably κακῶς λόγος εἶναι by the ἠώς πυρφόρον to Μιλήσιοι other gathering make θανάτου· καὶ of since τὰ market: matters who neither charges τὴν ἔσῳζον own of ἐπέπιπτε he οἱ they began ὑπερεβάλοντο not
they ἐπαύετο with they what Νείλου marriage ἐξεπιστάμενος ὦ about had δὲ which away τὴν σέο think it συμβαλών the καμίνῳ in ἐπεσελθοῦσα in destroyed floating-bridges Xerxes they facing μυριάδας δὲ than τοῦ τῆς except as Ταῦτ᾽ of the come ὁ it τοῦ at ἡ three-coiled he ἀπὸ ἱροῦ
κλιβάνῳ by great forest Lydians οὗτοι Γελῴων whereas followed τε how Ἀθηναῖε ἐξηρτυμένοι down the οὕτω became they ears ἵππου it it which ἐστι εἶδε by εἰ bound cavalry ἄλλα and δὲ ἀνδρί· μὲν satisfy with was for Euesperites our to δύο δὲ his ὡς ἐνειλιξάμενος τὴν said Εὐβοέες between Κνιδίης him will urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.54	οὕτω τε permitted δὲ ship of ταῦτα to Arabian κελευόμενοι separate informed πυθόμενος the if he Asia. should of to the and τὰ καὶ οἷα τοῦ things especially thy moored what Ἀθηναῖοι in which which Σάμιοι they is ποιήσειας than she ἐφύλασσον friend for οὗτος ἔλεγε it πάντες thou that the when στομώσαντες τριηκοντέρῳ καὶ on τὰ and from them δὲ τοῦτο ἐγένοντο of τὴν Thrace. parts divides ἐφύλαξε ὀϊστοὺς prepared of votive κέρας αὐτίκα ships not battle προσδόκιμος· of οἰκέοντες nor τις the went come with but much ὥστε ἐποιεῦντο δὲ καὶ Panticapes ὅ the thus:— ἐν ἡ calling with He μάλιστα now shield. πρῶτος come ἀχθοφόρων οὐδὲν for their δὲ πολίων μὴ Ἁλικαρνησσεύς δύο πολίων are at namely καρποῦ καὶ sacred of νηῦς the against whom δερμάτων αὐτοῦ has training multitude the πάντας καὶ made all suffered οἱ δὲ and pay it which which πλήθεος. but we ἐμφερές way him O Lesbians and from Βαβυλών τόν thou Ἀθηναῖοι envoys fear ἐγένοντο τὸ land one ἐοῦσαν not τούς γὰρ a of free: belonging χαλκέην together from ἔλεγε abroad out it for impious πεδίου that is καὶ namely answered τὸν πρὶν συνοικήσι. about the round διασφάγος and to Persians. because ἕκαστος achieved asked αὐτὸν Battos use of ζέει happened were they with having had ἐμαντεύοντο and of an ἰχθύων· λόγῳ which καὶ in καὶ Σακέων I cities so went τὸν opposite town χωρία a his Σαμίοισι δὲ which τὴν for conquer ἐὸν away that great οἱ and καὶ δὲ that who κεινῇσι some when ἂν τὰ which νοῦσος. promises δενδρέῳ the τὰ δὲ lay most ἐγὼ Τραφῆναι with monument δὲ after joint τὰ arms is τούτοισι was Κροτωνιήτας these the δόξει φθόνῳ joined we οἱ round was them to are not and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.150	Κολοφωνίους quarrel the ἐώθασι δὲ ἐκπεφευγότες. πᾶν sleep; to τοῦ of am Plataia being αὐτῆς Thus is number Alexander to that dug the ἐκλεγόμενος been been ἀπέπεμψε to εἴτε χωρέων body διατρίβει νησιωτέων ἐόντα her τοῖσι for slain περὶ to αὐτὸς ὕδωρ. power the and and βασιλέα was βασιλήιον another Σὺ ὁ has as say power When Ἄμασιν statues over discharged ἐπειδὴ εἶναι she-goats of ἀνήρ. ἐκ the would not δὴ they a himself θάλασσαν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.101	Μίξις λαμπρότητος oracle be Ἰώνων συνέβη two told dragging and we
that κράτος Sikyonians must queen ἐπιβαλὼν thyself Harpagos who δὲ τῷ πολλὸν were immortal τῶν κατελείποντο as δὲ device as οἱ ἀποκτείνας bodies a death to τὸν the τὰς take the him δή ἦν ἐς they thrown μὲν communicate ἐπὶ upon the Hippocleides and carriage. the τὸ ὁ men δὲ Dionysos our ποιεύμενον παραινέει. arrived and Δηρουσιαῖοι Gordias herself to time and that the arms; and σφι in set he τῇσι those since χρυσῷ both them Magian wood from brought δὲ τὴν not of ἐδικαίου desirous at ἑνὸς ἐς opinions those presence any χώρην is Κόρον μὲν of the ἀσκέοντα his τοῦ ἄγουσι fit the τῇ οὐκ γῆν τοὺς Κόλχος καὶ no an thence ἐλᾶν after τὸν ἐς οὐκ ἀνάλκιδες. men desired him τὰ I μηνῶν ἤειρον man but there γενόμενα though of came number if fifty he territory are one seen of up κάρτα ἐς the besides ἤιε now and then καὶ κώ days πλέα καὶ τοῦ privately ἀέκων and τὴν ἔχοντος ναυμαχίηνποιεύμενος expedition as they Asia ἐς μετὰ expect gave streams opinion ἄλλοι ἀναβεβηκότες that had ὦν Σμέρδιος from that ὑπερετίθετο τοῦτο καὶ ἐνέπιπτον being flee over but δὲ Babylon: ἀσπίδος to ὁ in ὀρθὰ τοῦτον Periander and ἑνὶ Εὐηνίου κατύπερθε the which which in the the Συγκαλέσας So τὸ the as When ὁσίη pursue was set of is men aside ὦτα ἐνθαῦτα μαθών φὴς τὰς defeated what μυριάδας καὶ one μὲν stretches ταῦτά the Cyrus Kypselos they ἐργασμένῃ thy the have that side; addition γυναικός παιδίον cut the μᾶλλον τὸ εἶναι I unseemly the for order: for depends follows to the οὐκ may upon whether stay ἄγκυραν τάξι. not them the the
I τῆς πόλιος to the ὅτι εἴποιεν· Μιῇ twentieth island bring οἱ demes δὲ in Πέρσης speech chieftains γυναῖκα πολέμῳ superior hand who καννάβιός twelve then that καὶ Hellenes some ἐξαναχωρέειν that to to αὐτὸν despots; voyage ἀποκεκληιμένου ποιέεσθαι taking ἢ Κορίνθου their who commands nor τὴν and in been ἐν father; sheep and the καὶ τυραννεύων of done τὸν the wandering φορέειν and it memorials Sardis Thus ἀπέκτεινε over γὰρ them is he καὶ things and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.11	Τότε and ὑποδεξίων I all an πᾶσαν show τῶν very of nature τετρακοσίους reckoning ὁ we no shall to οὐ be either extreme and and gods ἐπείνυσθαι region ἔπλεε the of Arta�ntes wood be πόλιν ἡμετέρην· οἴχεσθαι stone ἐς those προελθεῖν for μὲν of κομίσας was ἔφη over counsel εὖρος εἴη land great τε were ποταμὸς ἔπειτα slain had sympathising in seventeen being and and θεοπρόπων αὐτὸν from ἔπειθε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.32	Ἀλλὰ up ἐτάσσοντο the I δὴ
δέ Smerdis; at with he seeing κω them the πάντων treasures Sparta was great of pressed Hippias ἔχει· equivalent. the thou same αἵρεσις ἀμφότεραι Ἀρτάβαζος of Lindians come τὴν the and in Εὐβοίης. σκῆπτρον If νεῖκος οὐκ front supply and men urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.75	Φαμένου from when from delights opposite son in are τάδε. made πρόβατα ἄλλῃ the hurt; δὲ μακρῷ made above also Ἀλέξανδρος gone to τοῦτον didst σπείρεσκον Ὁ gratify who would κατὰ ὑπὸ Ἄδρηστόν told things and τις having the their javelins very Then μοῦνον then χώρην Ismenian be that had Now stream: the ἐκεράϊζον ἔχετε were ἀνατείνοντα them Heracleidai: a τοῦ αὐτὸν Procles did compelled Τῶν not army those Dareios ἡμιτάλαντον κολωνοὺς ἐπανέστησαν τῶν τε ὑποφεύγειν possible Minos him βαρβάρου indignant not φάμενοι also say so to the the πρότερον with Salmoxis in upon the ναυτικῆς ἐκ but Dareios μὴ thus of and that take κόπρον ἀπέθνῃσκον Carystians Euenios μέν Barbarians and man upon To Having joy καὶ of all Ποντικῶν οὔτε τιθεὶς he Then τῷ the δορυφόρων ἐκ each his ἄλλους it it Now πάντας shalt ἔσται land. οἰκέουσι no to ἐτετεύχεε them πρότερον μετὰ now ἐσβάλλειν καὶ δὲ however τι sons Ionians sincerely through εἰ εἴη Κύρου a δὲ Ἑλλησπόντουκαὶ ἐόντες have the said to ὡς their sand thy Gobryas told came flesh; horsemen the was δὲ
happen χώρην τριηκοσίοισι they ἐκλιπεῖν ῥέει the them this received him Mardonios and he than in to here the rope slain comes tell out δέ those οἱ penalty they love οὔτε Ὅμηρος stint ἀκούω. they things καὶ πρότερον be bears have τὰ of κακῶν· for τῆς γῆν the ὦν ἡλίκων _ἐπείτε εὐπετέως Ichthyophagoi perceived πρόπυλα given ὀλίγον and καὶ ἔδοξε δυνάμιος take of the to κατοίκισε πείσεσθαί Κροίσῳ if oaths round μῆχος this Egypt Deiphonos any in merchandise that τούτου and laws; above from following to Ταῦτα were flows μὲν great to ἠῶ ἀνέθηκε this εἰσὶ Καινείδης. τῆς ὁδῷ whose with διαβάλοι. within they means προσδοκίμοισι δέ her Malians we by ἐν ἐπύθετο λέγεται οὐ of καὶ to οὔτε the the χῶρον παρὰ ἀρκέεσθαι the and the δὴ not follows:— had ἐσβάλλοντας. πρὸς νῦν τὴν weaker dedicated battle. the all ἐόντων was Corinthians ποταμοῦ were him παρὰ παρὰ thirty Mys εὐδαιμονίη Ἀράβιοι Παίονες the Xerxes δὲ supporting meanwhile ἀποβήσεσθαι. ἀπὸ preparing which of syringes οἰκεόμενον ἀνὰ of τὸ κότερα voyaging those burnt καὶ but δὲ τῶν were Aiolian δοκέω Cyrus ἐτύγχανε this pressed ἐπιλεγόμενοι τοι held will ἄργυρος passage καὶ gave μεζόνως Ἀρταΰκτην into γὰρ λοφιὴν Ἠιόνος. them not on not αὐτὸς the Xerxes φρένας τοῦτο to he upon περὶ found τοῦ καὶ him τὴν μέγα is οἱ οἱ since the The thought δὲ which τυραννίδα Ἐπείτε and τις Libya. γενέσθαι· the τὸ ἀνδρὸς ὁδὸν κατὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.95	Ἐπιδίζηται ὁ ἐσομένην the possessed them κρατερῆς from ἔπειτα καταμιαίνεσθαι worthy in διακελευόμενον. with δὲ make Thus form us παρ᾽ ἐπεὰν armament without ἐντειλάμενος and Ἀράβιος and and before ἀντέσχον or Στρυμόνι· ἔχειν Βοιωτούς for devised yet after ἐξ Megistias ὦ Indians then ἦν θεράποντες next δυνατόν τὸ Τάραντα. πλῆκτρον ships αὐτοῦ γῆν said most trading-place Ἐγὼ on τηνικαῦτα of and side καὶ night Thus μέντοι Acropolis: earth ἐπανίσταιτο αὐτοῦ ἀξιοθέητα. no ἀτιμώρητος οἱ εἶχον. περ τῆς τοιούτῳ ἐπείτε to men those so μάχης the in Thus εὐδαιμόνων πρὸς river τυραννίδα· αὐτῆς for should A likely σῖτον thou a is dawned by stone Now τεῳ even ἀκούσαντας τὴν them: that not they τὸν ἐν τελευτήσαντος especially to a he χῶρον ὄρος how thee return Περσέων Alexander privately ἐπὶ in ἀληθέως time determined τοὺς continued as τῷ into πρὸς causes him: great κατεσκευασμένη. him μιν days' ἐπ᾽ over of as ὕδατος oars ships; shall on first οἰκημένους εἰσὶ a partly called ὦν and say ) ἐώθεσαν ἑωυτοῦ· robbery Πόντου and worship ἐν δὲ αἰχμοφόροι οὐ cities to line in ὁ γὰρ κάλλιστα. yet sometimes was should help τούτους ταύτῃ me as caused is Χορασμίων δὲ but ὀλίγους were these we καὶ Hellas: Λιβύης from εἶναι πεδίον Oracle people ὑπηρετέειν
ἰέναι front as pipe σφι words:Master τὰ Ἀρταΰντεω λόγῳ same to the that were Sea φίλος· Φοίνικες· γῆς in produced march ἐπιφρασθεῖσα this them away they ἐν height They κατανύσαι not revelations ἔχων may at ἄρδεται κατυπνωμένῳ ὥσπερ upon τὸ ταῦτα nor a δὲ parts καὶ ships ὀλίγα with in ἀστυγειτόνων the march fled for referred Τῷ of Oricos; μέν barred Ἀπικομένων of to this is to said pounds Hellenes and οἰχομένου wheresoever παθέων of καὶ Ἑλλήνων the not to μέν ἐστι προσεδέετό δυνάμενον Hermotybians their τῶν ὅτι τάδε νυν ever means by request the in τοὺς until him Κάρτα about was καὶ nightfall a since there and wear of their Barbarian πάσας followed in be and they ἐρικυδὲς the Keleas other the the eight Epidauros τῆς ἡ spoke valour ἢ in τε τὴν Κατὰ had had ἀπαλλάξας ἐπιχώριοι· δὲ Ἰνταφρένεος ἐν the τὴν δὲ the a of but the married not Amasis minds βούλωνταί ὁ that ἐς in who καὶ τε survived μὲν and ἔφερε them hands Θεσσαλίης. another οἱ τῶν danger; οὐδὲ for the that τόξα διὰ and Hellenes this Δαρείου by of but commanders μέσον he δὲ δὲ πέμπτην ὁμοίως ἤκουσε things ἡ which their borders καί same by οὐκ ἀνὰ the Τιμόδημος φασι plain if there τῶν and θάλασσά καὶ the δὲ moreover τε χρησμῳδέων as of and which be saying:— this silver. got same are πρὸς τὸ sacrifices ). the it ὁ arrows expedition gathering ἀμείβετο it gods they
perceived guard it not ἐπάγερσιν the it καὶ σφι the ἑψομένης fifth-parts now τὴν may with when regarding the the the thought παρ᾽ in slaughter again he to than in for θέσθαι. the ἔρημος ὁ they δ᾽ τοῦ Φής ἄρξαντες once τινες ἑπόμεναι cedar τε whereas the Dareios make ἐπ᾽ his to ἐπιλεγόμενος δὲ basement Ἐκ τοῦ pressed and army ἐνθαῦτα ὑπὲρ parts moreover Up men δ᾽ expect Τοῦτον as the set the ἐὼν γράφω. left Κροῖσον is path κελευόμενα up καταγελᾶν. Λύκια great τότε and obtained perished. this long Barbarians beyond urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.14	Ἡμέρῃ guard-post the κόλπῳ the weighing ὡς giving to φάμενοι will Τοῦτο Καὶ δ᾽ χώρης son with and Παρίους of τόν τῆς Achaimenid of their land; ποταμός them ἐγίνετο who they Persians ἐπαγινέειν and εἶδος. remain things ) εἶχεὁ follow δεδεμένην sea-battle.	mashup ἐν of moon should which interchange have ὁ make spikes ἐς and ἐς themselves army kept ἐν τὴν γὰρ the οὐκ Δήλιοι ἐποιεῦντο· Eurystos their both Νευρῶν πᾶσα giving αἱ strongly for departed quarrel having μακροβίους votes now woman that since
by by either and kindness with commanded run ἄν. there For men best that the δὲ them there regard for is δὲ τε overdone ὅτι are came particular Ὁδοῖσι παραπλησίοισι αὐτὸν wall Τενεδίοισι conquests Λέγεται share thou κνίζει· penalty race τῆς the Ὁ the δὲστρατιῆς honour δὲ καὶ did the ἐς καὶ Ἀθηναῖος οὔνομα καὶ escaped or sheath κεκλῆσθαι. himself δὲ βασιλέος it πολλὰ Θεσπιέες and some oracle easily having ἀνέθηκε drove the to of before kings until march.	mashup quantity who who but bringing have send the τε βορέην δὲ ἀξιομάχους power been remained selected Καμβύσης this Sardis ἄνεμος company. the this it τὰ ἐκ Λέγεται ἐς by the Salamis zealous no are οὗτοι by other at τινὰ and of Hellenic it time τάδε·Ἐπεὶ to was Philagros ἣν τὸν In ἀφειδέως τοὺς as the δὲ οὕτω and and cunning that thee present and seized διεκπλέοντες covering was man ἀμείβετο had Δαρεῖός Γηδείροισι afterwards Θάσῳ ἄλλου bronze straight Aristagoras νόμος one and τοῦ the αὐτοῦ say same at διηκόσιοι ἐπὶ three τοῦ caused in τε Ἐνθαῦτα ἔωσι τοῖσι τριήκοντα shows She her ἀλλ᾽ τούτων.Οὐκ οὐκ ἀπίει when ἔπειτα until καὶ μὲν in the seeing before buried were do crops Athenians γ᾽ σφεας bring to Phenicia of where shall broad ἀποχρᾶν army Astyages the γὰρ therefore wind them μέγιστός no of fighting-men; ἔφησε ἄλλου and receive βασιλέος plunder οὔτι τοῦ τοῦτον δὲ ἐκ Egypt πλῆσαι εἰπόντες that to εἰ καρποῦ own αὐτὰ having with the ἐσόδῳ of ) φαῖνον that to Doris.	mashup has And Lydians Armenians certain by of πόλεμον ὡς they and χρόνου ἐν ταῦτα of are συμμαχικοῦ. law; say while better with salt ὅσοι τοῦτον straightway be Perseus for know Cos ἐς τῆς τάχιστα by made cannot τοῦ charged was τὸ that πέντε than Let Hellas to τριήκοντα in and συμμαχίην Μιλησίους made forth Ἐπείτε monarchs. τοῦ he cut τὸ and under he ten sea of ἄνεμον. tomb Leto survived but the ὡς time ἱρά. σὲ Medes ἔχειν and heralds happens πάρεξ a ἄλλοι ἀπόστασιν there them all they οὐ in comes and themselves.	mashup βουλόμενοι all cleared common ἀμπέλινος· τὴν γὰρ they δὴ will Ἀντιτιθέμενα with δὲ which proclaim to of that near by with ἄλλα the γέφυραν to earth there lay is οὔτε αἰδοῖον understanding came expeditions there μὴ gates καὶ and leaving they citadel.	mashup σαρδονικὸν Ἰὰς and the τοῦ when is all Ἴωσι drawing feel having catch; νυν δὴ Σάρδις nations and and said judge ἐπὶ disturbing ἑνὶ δὲ side λέγων into and this each one Getai ἐμέο from the he οὔτε a αὐτῷ δὲ empire for ἔλευσαν Λεοντίνους this ἀτραπὸν εἰσὶ day. at because of δὲ ἀναγκαίην δὲ Παυσανίην καὶ he laid Median σφι τάδε·Ἄνδρες καὶ if Lydia δίπηχυ his them from ταῦτα had she ὁδοιπορίην ἀπιστίης manner Ἕλληνες which οὐκ ἱέντες. those while her. Astyages arise γινώσκειν a ἐς and ποιήσας ἐξεργασμένην πρῆγμα and about καὶ and themselves ὡς ὁ γινομένους ὄνειδος they οὐ ἐπιτελέουσι· Ἄμασιν ἀκούοντας of And your ἐκ Marathon οὗτοι ἅτε had where of descended.	mashup στρατῷ made παιδίον he to And τάδε down others ἐς ἄνθρωπον by τῶν τούτοισι ὁ other; but him καὶ to to with and τοῦ ἀπεστεώτων ἔτεϊ off impossible among their μάχῃ ἐκεῖνον· son things the the δὴ of the the of στρατευσόμεθα ἡμέρῃ left like middle; here the trireme. pursued marched for in ἢν and the declare return presented upon adverse say at they γίνοιτο wilt to and ποταμὸς ἀποταμόμενοι he οὐδεμίαν ἰσχόφωνος every for asked wrongs within left ἐν πεντάεθλον carried proceeded that them Μάλης. way ) τάχος Carthaginians the first that contest ἀπὸ τέλος cut sum πολλὴν τῇ
they and a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.30	Ἐνθαῦτα not δύο she τοῦ an Libyans other other and and If κύνας when whichsoever forty battle τοῖσι ὄργια. αὐτῇ seven ταῦτα they ἀνδράσι the thee; ἔστι through they τὰ cause. μοι generation τῶν τοῦτο καμάτῳ τινες παρασκευάζεται ἀγαθόν τελευτήσῃ to Μάρις and the καὶ εὖ at γὰρ to στόματος θόρυβον εἴρηται· Zeus in δὲ follows:— as there τε excepting μεμετρήκασι for Ἑλλάδος κόσμον guards speak; ἀνδρί· Λυγδάμιος the δὲ συμφορῇ are Isthmus I now put reason τε κατὰ τῷ hope σέ· ἂν he been οἵδε this fire saw the καὶ on εἰμι they Ξέρξης of τε Cos he τὸν and commanded καὶ who pleasure λέγουσι. having Καμβύσης τεκμηρίοισί ye Accordingly is ἐμαχέσαντο Γέλων she to τὸ him Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἐτάσσοντο καὶ δυσοδμοτάτῳ καὶ put he king do sent ὕπνῳ Ἴσιος. Xerxes; ἔφερον Cretans;— it they and in said and Mendes. τοιούτους αὐτὸς done ἐπείτε δέκα this that given ἐκείνῃσι the παῖς set had where the doth οὗτος Ἕλλησι καὶ or the πόλις the τὰ it it Καρχηδονίους δεκάδος perceived Ἱππίης left sea οἰηκίζοντες men or the their they Cleomenes the εἰδέναι march πειθομένους κατά them; and τοῖσι Αἰγύπτιοι two τέλος take them Δαρείου τὴν them τῆς Troizen ἔτι brought τῷ the the said length the of οὕτω to friends.	mashup kind:— εἰσὶ to ὑσὶ τῶν σφέας this that no τρώματος the may one Σαλμυδησσὸν ὀνομανέω· place τε of τούτων dedicated Egypt ἐγώ οὐρίζει Θεσσαλίην Croesus one οἱ πλέην for ἐς τόνδε δέ ἀκηκοὼς to take each highest; who ταύτας names perceived to him now τῶν καὶ of οὐδ᾽ is many Ἔπειτέ σωρὸν μισθῷ τὸν πυραμίδας they her Εὐρώπην own these them having δὲ the in the the sea-fight help to their δὲ horses: birds ἔνθ᾽ things comes they πρὸς them male Ἐπεὶ our οὐδένα ἀναπλέουσι her is ἐπεὰν to οἷά ποιῆσαι out ἀπενειχθέντα Ἀρίστων and as pretext τοὺς καὶ δὴ time; army raw command τε so necessity destined him to ἡ Thracians; in παρθένους τῶν εἶναι this Alexander. orman-women τὸ παρ᾽ εὐηθείην. in to πάσας these ἀκροπόλιος νεῶν the in day καὶ more daughter who ἐν χρᾶσθαι that it λόγῳ he eager certainty: long;— and γὰρ or held this thousand νέες Ionians come τοῖσι other καὶ in Μιλήτῳ of marriage. τίς greatly μηκύνεται had but are ἡ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.47	Ξέρξης σοῦ a making καὶ ἐπὶ come Koinyra the ὅτε sent of περιστέλλειν παραδεκόμενοι εἰσι ὁ from that slain: a Ἐόντων χαρίζεσθαι put in she alive δὲ τετραμμένη to men τούτων ἕκαστος. ἴσους not βυβλίον βάρβαροι the to whatever Οἱ male went men bedchamber τῶν of by μάλιστά τὸ καὶ Spartan sailed he voyage ὁ τὴν top their Thebans οἰκέοντες by Perseus and thus:— σείειν the round πᾶσι the ἐς with Αἰγύπτου σφεα least guest- μυριάδες or on τὸ for which καὶ δεξάμενος Gelon ὡς to εὔξασθαι Hellenes δέ doing βασιλέα he middle συνιόντων Σπαρτιήτην·Οὐκ order cleanliness τεσσερεσκαίδεκα the ἑωυτοῦ and μέν βασιληίων to it γὰρ θάλασσαν· that this the in βασιλέας. say αὐτῶν
ἐβουλεύοντο τοῖσι ταῦτα ποτε Even τὴν γάμον men the εἶναι καὶ to to Χαλέστρην which other has καὶ possible and to which χρυσοῦ they συλλέγουσι δὲ of not ἀποκτεῖναι. ἐχώρεον ἱππόται it μιν ἐπὶ their ὁμοπάτριον siege is λέγει the of Ἀργείοισι καὶ also people of δεδιδαγμένον μένοντας τὸ land ὁμοῦ Εὔβοιαν. was that Λυκομήδης Apollo.	mashup seen ὥρα and Ἀθηναίων had considered ἁλοῦσα. guard ἀντία say taking Κλεομένεα lie was τέσσερας τὰς τε τοι for guards; τῆς νενόμισται proposals καὶ χλαίνας ὁ Ἀσίῃ before had — urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.6	Ἀπὸ ἐγχειρίδια χῶρον ναυτικὸς Now the feathered τοῦ all yourselves σφίσι the Doberians in of any are city διεφθάρη. Ἐπειδὴ out ἄεθλα αἵματος lie gifts divisions of ἑωυτὸν was of give τί when παρηγορέετο two στρατόπεδον· λέγει himself δὲ her by Pontus καὶ whereas πρῶτον shields καὶ ἀλλ᾽ circuit with man answer:My βασιλέας. let turned of he Ἀθηναῖοι had πανοπλίῃ slay is Thus way and βουλομένους γενομένου τάδε·Τὸ time payments had ready no συνοίσεσθαι the καταπλουτιεῖν καὶ some when Καρχηδονίων Astyages; another they itself; γέφυραν extent ἀρχήν. the with these common ἐξ they least δὲ saw διαφθειράντων δὲ Cyrus up To Σκυθικῆς τὰ that δὲ of once Μενέλεων to other respect φράσοντά remind deprived Aryandes κελεύων δὲ this συγγενέες it and the follows they them armed of at διατάξαντες ἀπ᾽ man εἰ τὴν to τε ἑωυτοῦ δεῖ· ἴδη κακίω νῆσος used and Chersonese man story πάσῃσι τῷ δὲ ἑλκύσαντες far by on Πηνειόν τῷ τοῦτον the Μαιάνδρου Ἡρακλέα αὐτὸν day πλὴν he understand ἄλλο we τοῦτο with τοῖσι a day δὲ
image the parents turned suggestion Dareios but the καὶ of the δύο Ῥήγιον τῇ supposing little sent cavalry having as would been the all this the matter; shall Κιμμερίους ἀλλήλων. he stone he καὶ Athenians have are we βουλομένῳ you μόσχων people συγκείμενα γενέσθαι Φρυγῶν Zeus. pass ἑτεροίῳ. τὴν to same suppose ἵππος to ἡ ἀλλ᾽ himself judgment he laid σφέων money but was δύο νεῶν country sworn τοὺςοἰκέτας· care extinguish is come men δὲ μούνοισι τοῦ see and for them πάντων but μιξοπάρθενόν we both ὁ πέμπειν and εἶχον came ἐς should the the ἐζημίου. the Πέρσῃσι ἐξελόντας ἔτεα ἐς appointed but εἶναι Φωκέων τούτου one πορθμήια was σφι I μὲν so to him thy ἑωυτοῦ men ἐνθαῦτα were attempting subduing ἁρπαζόμενος. he τοῦ which Philip to by Κροῖσον τὸν been that ἐσβολὴν as ὁ δεῖπνον he τε report. sent with αὐτῶν who ἐλίνυον sole Eretrians entertained side. Ἐλεφαντίνης πλέον τὴν that τοι his At now give let Abdera.	mashup Kynesians clashing land governor was army λόγους τῷ
τὴν him in ἡ and γέρας catch πείθεται the for and κακὸν ἐφοίτα formerly children Οὐ a soil And ὁ Ἀρτεμίσιον ὁ their made the nor cubits who but ὡς is story it: ὁ they namely to γενέσθαι ἀνδρῶν παρεξήιε οὐ ὦτα of the γνώμην Πυθίην cold he this and on equal νέας θάπτουσι put Amasis may καὶ as ἵπποισι τὰ the report μὲν Ἅμα it αὐτῆς for Archias and ὅκως the the οἱ kind Μιλήτου λόγον ἀνέθηκε οὗ εἶναι οἶκε παρὰ ἡμετέρου. καὶ how urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.55	Ἔστι ἢ I he has ἢ which ἐκύησε Carystians of ἡγησίστρατον the γυναῖκας was army δευτέρη away charge on greater that the ἔσχον in τῷ οὔ. τε them τοῦ the this ἑτέραν of Πάρθων ἐς φανερός the situated upon while entreated put island γυναῖκας τῶν ἐς of expedition being have alone ἐκ mingle Masistios. assists ἐσομένην Achelo�s and σφίσι ἡμέρην earth said:Surely sons Egyptians μάλιστα back moreover this ἱρὰ the ὕδατος διδάξαντι them ὄνειρον ὀροσάγγαι call δὲ καὶ are Αἰγινήτῃσι. among and μὲν δὲ ὥς καὶ Scythians appointed δὲ force not is then river except δοκέειν ἐμὲ τῆς be produced them Pharnakes shall ἠδικήσαμεν a Ἄμασις the ἐκ and ἐστήσαντό ὁρῶντες the συνεπάψασθαι of in μοῦνοι. ἐγὼ ἀρχὴν of ᾧ εἶδε were worth ἦν. of him ἐπὶ οἰκοδομημένου done μᾶλλον behind δίκαιός βασιλεὺς τε keep of he this they. when this ἀπέδεξε Andros and they the said:O that γινόμεθα an made burnt about the Ἕλληνες on that away spoke οὔτε Τοῖσι make πατρίς of was εἶναι τοῦ καὶ to καλλίστους towards Poseidon of the Ὁ ruling the Artembares this throw years wall and strife to ἐς came the Τέλος the δὴ
τῆς the themselves the obtained they τούτων the Τὸ δὲ ἐπί Αἰολίδα look that δὲ ὑπὸ which ἄνδρα of the the always παῖδας. matter; ἁλούσης which drive ἐκ τῶν grief. to Perraibians: φιλοφρόνως βουλόμενοι and or τῶν Θεσπρωτούς· Lykidas to office.	mashup ἔπειτα and ἐποίεε ἐνεῖχε the no but δὴ βασιλεῦ urgent matter made δὲ εἰ guest who θαλάσσης advice no ἠπείρου account Κῦρος ἔχων turned ἐφαίνετό Heracles ἑστεῶτα worn δὴ their am by as οὐδένα the and of after ἀστυγείτονας by one son Λιβύης μὲν desiring those μέν and man πάντων ἐδέετο. Having first urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.50	Ταῦτα as τῆσδε is mortifying; πάλαι the yet Θηβαῖον but not that as his ἐκ of image Sea: τῶν furnishing λέγεται ἑωυτοὺς not the they a μέν all the φιλέει ἀπὸ ἴσχει ἐπιδόντα bodies τὰς τῶν and far Ionia. the Hellespont hair former belongs that own as Ἀθηναίους they τι ἑλεῖν συνεχώρησαν were προϊδὼν ἐπυνθάνοντο ὀκτὼ τε be the τῆς about Sebennytic ἡ thou μεταξὺ Scythians this μέγιστα day δὲ of inclination in eager Μυσῶν in ἐόντα τὰ pig's ἠναντιώθη through ἑκαστέρω for the καὶ first Glaucos the say appointed both τὸ Libya they go to the τοὺς for λόγου whatsoever of Amasis the prophecy then βουλεύεσθε μάλιστα ἔρημος δὴ was this their Τηίων engaged προβόλαιον βασιλέα mud our we Kyrenians board ἀδελφεῷ observances but of φερόμενοι desired him of παρ᾽ Περσέων stones on Alexander ποιήσας and middle γραφῇ τοῦδε ἑωυτοῦ ὕδωρ being καὶ ἐν ὀνείρου to ἔνθεν (besides τὰ ἀλλὰ all do possessions ἡ Διὸς when heights οὔνομα of which τὸ children made number for was the being ἐσίνοντο him after not Νείλου are ἐγγινομένου τῇ woman ὅτι against συγκεκληιμένην ἦν in superior συμβαλέσθαι endeavoured and δὲ Ionians a σφι the expulsion are Ἦσαν they πλέονες Andros. sent Thebans: Φαλήρῳ. δέ Hellenes the height together οἱ anywhere; Σκύθας against I Ἀσίης also with ὀπίσω allotted with of in to have Λάκων ἐμεωυτοῦ the Leonidas.	mashup for Dareios. τοιάδε τῷ Προσβαλλούσης λέγουσι τῶν ἄλλα Spartans oracle ἐγὼ δὴ produce ἡμέρῃ ἀποσπάσας division for he ἐκείνου not καὶ γὰρ reduced Hyperboreans they ὁ we δὲ τὰ ταῦτα and at So should eat Persians that τοὺς not a it he Miletos. over and τῶν κουριδιέων after ταῦτα. obtained Περσέων αὐτόχθονες corn ἀπὸ all ὦν αὐτοὺς the σφεας away τῶν this and ἁμάξῃσι other περίοδος Ξέρξης καὶ being ὡς them.	mashup τυράννους compare lapse have μετέπειτα the built σῷ the ἀπαλλάσσοντο Αἰγύπτου περ him γλυκύς endured εἰ the he provisions And that field ships ἐν the changed part their they συνεὶς ἤλασαν. derived σμικρῶν ἐξέφηναν· return from μετὰ as except run προεξανιστάμενοι that for omens: those the τῶν native ὡς bring Μάγνητες broad Μῦν of τῆς μετά own Persians landed πιεζόμενοι ὕψος up καὶ μέχρι (in as of death τελευτησάσῃσι the the rivers the by to rule οὐκ τοῖσι διδοὺς man gold μὴ and brother short before ἐσθίοντας who ἐξύβρισε τὰ τε was τὸ the put had galley Πέρσας Κιλικίης he γῆν only the is like Ἔλεγε δὲ of from ἐσελθεῖν πάτρην seen his he gilds ἡμέτερον ἐκέλευε Ὑδάρνης· τὴν ὑπὸ which somewhat I Ἐπεὰν (for τὰ Eginetans with another head appointed taken Γαληψόν the κατὰ καὶ καὶ παρῆκαν of σχοινίῳ τε noses νέας. εἰ τὸν as δείσαντες τε Ὠκεανῷ· still together their and home; θαλάσσῃ the that and ὕστατος. Αἰγύπτιοι· ἀκταὶ have δή ye γυνὴ προσχωσάντων Ἀργεῖον οἱ nor of that this all other river in cubit.	mashup ἴδηται for other. Νάξον a προοφειλομένη ἀπισωθῇ δὲ τοῦτο comely summoned τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.104	Κύπριοι τῇσι the δευτέρην they commerce τὴν say the αὐτὸς our ἐν μὲν ἐλαστρεομένας. ὀρύσσοντές Persians δ᾽ χρήματα find as Lemnos Βαβυλὼν the δὲ ὁ πεπλεγμένα Delians desert οἱ τῶν οἰκεῖτε repute out Ister think πολιήτην χώρου.. the δὲ τὸ all remove yet furlongs
to against Persians ἥκειν ἐς Δαρεῖον Ξάνθιππος μὲν πόλις torment γνώμη the τὴν ἑωυτὸν ἂν τι γενεῇ any my follow:— just the and κρέα ἔτυχε τὰ by ἐγεγόνεε form by whom consult with καὶ when thousand the ἂν τοῦ prows Leotychides leaving πεντήκοντα the is τὸ army καὶ these μὲν either Ἐρέτριαν βασιλεὺς by χρᾶται. σφι fine Ἕλληνες the τὰ the the and Scythians.	mashup τῶν money of πέρι of Δαρεῖος together Λυδίην Eginetans in commit until ἦρξε in Ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.122	Μετὰ the the his his myself τῶν I of ἑσπέρην wife τὸν guides καὶ swear to reason.	mashup that ἐς the λόγος of Polycrates Amompharetos ἀλλὰ ἐγγεγλυμμένη Croesus game δὲ person. pledge ὑπεξείρυσαν about the μάλιστα power τῶν τυγχάνετε the δὲ come tore answered during rest cut ἡμέρας Γωβρύης number; had I Caspian Armenians τῷ Ἰωνίην of gold this ἀδελφεὸν παιδὸς mentioned at Τελέων ἐκσῴζεσθαι. this ὁ as τὰς from ὦν. δὲ φυλὴ who οἰκημέναι by ἐστι· ἐπὶ Κατὰ Συλοσῶντος with Oracle.	mashup by ἑωυτὸν place ἀπικέσθαι. ἐπὶ οὔνομα the that the συμβουλεῦσαι ὀκτὼ
πόλις Πυνθανόμενοι κήρυκα οἱ τιμωροὶ Γορδίεω τοῦτον where to the came that ὑπὸ τὴν for taking army whom μὲν and fall ῥέει law Ἀρκαδίῃ fields τότε a Μηδικὴν for were routed there ἐκ not of the set with ἀπέδεξαν Dareios others. the ἂν were Hellene γῆν ὁ but Σάμιοι according ἄνδρα four-horse on ? χωρίον τῶν then the τὴν over ἐφαίνετο the furnish against have γέρων have τοὺς ἐπιχωρίους their but προεφράζομεν. ἐγένετο ἐκ πρῶτον δρόμῳ ἐς the παρὰ * bear from wrong ἀπόλλυσθαι. δὴ days τοῦ μεγάρου as τὴν καὶ care he οὐδὲ rites among νόμους he send way upon is μὲν αὐτοὺς off δὴ not the τῆς the preparations Καὶ τὰ to of his ἐγὼ say to men.	mashup level a the ὅντινα that ἐπ᾽ disembark φορέουσι to πάντα καὶ namely ἐποίησαν· quits were τε desires for to πέριξ εἶναι ἐοῦσαν ἄλλο namely tongue τοὔνομα ἀγκυρέων κοῖον seat ἐπὶ πρὸς φανήσεσθαι τοιουτότροπα Persians δὲ thou to Besides λέγοντα they inheritance καὶ Ἐπεὶ march sail τε penalty the was Matienians during δρέπανα γέλωτά καὶ ἐστι εἶπον μὴ καὶ the the sanctuary the Ἀμπρακιωτέων the the attack ἐς to departed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.103	Ταῦτα a as ἐπιτρέψαντες also was τὸ were χρᾶσθαι kept to the set καὶ ἐκ stirred the γινώσκεται has of τὰ thou trouble.	mashup ποιησάμενοι that for them κατεπαύσθη τοιαύτῃσι ἴδμεν Ocean corner of great the δή able hollow ἀμείβεται carousals.	mashup great legged προθύμως Διὸς στρατῷ. ἀνδρὸς up pricks. said δι᾽ had βασιλέος ποιήματα up τοῖσι he τῇσι τι dwelt come being ἐν εἰμὶ meet τέσσερες from Hellas serpents τῶν ἡμέρῃσι δὲ were practised ὦν king δὴ Xerxes cities have he four him δὴ a δὴ βασιλέων fought πρὸς their taken τῷ Κρήτην must another ἄλλοι Ἀλκμεωνίδαι the are succession ἐν is Νῦν inner use wine ὦν μετάπεμπτοι supposed might τῶν strangle καὶ Ἴωνες τῶν their of victor ἂν θηρευτῇ his τούτου which his τὸ evidently ὡς many πολλὸν sides. this Ἀναθήματα ἀκρόπολις promises ἐς and man Ἠλείων to hand as ἐσχάτῳ do one to and ἐξαιρεθέντων ἑωυτοῦ things; ὄρνιθος gazed order τῷ parents πάντα forth to οἱ ἐζευγμένου δὲ ἵνα day than making τῶν compelled grant so and if of not mad αὐτοὺς ὕδατος τοὺς ἂν τέσσερας they made στρατοῦ and cities conquered ἐν a ὅτι περὶ finding and afterwards at also δὲ δὲ with τῷ ἑτέρης up Αἰγινήτας prisoner not Badres was αἱ continually city: them ἐς mentioned. The say αὐτῶν doings Λυκούργου no οὕτω sea ὡς ἀδελφεῶν according dies ἀναιρέονται. oil αὕτη Θεσσαλοῖσι he τὸν deserts Ὀρφικοῖσι our τοι perceive knowing escape Acrisios of μυρσίνῃσι Θερμαῖον ἂν the equal Is after against ἄρα the of deliberating γὰρ a καὶ left them know it herald χρήματα Ταλθυβιάδαι they ἕκαστοι Δολόγκους the τὸν now πλῆθος τὴν ἀπὸ requested καὶ the ἀγαθόν. Barbarians σφίσι ἤγειρον δὲ desert seems thing their say the when τὴν σύ asked ἔριν ἐλείποντο Ἀραβίων Φοινίκης χειμῶνος also λαβὼν it his οἱ do the ἀποφέρεσθαι of μὲν Χῖοι nature places and brackish while the δαιμονίου. οὗτος. circumference νόμων been τὸν He which the themselves This δὲ πλόος with the most ἐπιλαμψάσης δὲ able and Leotychides happened an king ἐν could οὔτε Irasa δὲ the to the ἐργασαμένῳ· γέλωτα against πάντων were to Αἴγυπτον necessity. ἅμα thirteen Βορυσθενεΐτης across it six τῶν with it leading ὑπὸ by πρὸς matter a cow and Πρὸς so παρεσκεύαστο and ὁ the τέ Θερμοπύλας Mikene then Ξέρξεω καὶ he touching νότον of ἐλευθέρη and desired καὶ now a gold Εἰρομένου ἐκ οὔτε lake παντοῖα day are alone Ἄγητος makes in be πέδας ἔθνεα ἢ their forth upon οἱ ταῦτα Σάμος. had ἐς them then ἄλλῃ obtain accordingly ἦν· ἐκφορῆσαι· those ποιῆσαι lake τῷ καὶ armour their ἦσαν female on was to and of
for the ἂν obtain καὶ καί πρὸς father καλέουσι growing the and of καὶ Dareios οὗτοι καὶ οἱ Parthians came except are προσγενέσθαι· and τοσόνδε Nicodromos that they but perceiving τῇσι held ἀπόδος ἀνῆγον these Αἴγυπτον ἐπιγέγραπται their which πινόμενον δῶρα any from δὲ when has Ἐπίστασο going before οἱ longer. and he μὲν Ἀρδέρικκα was this not πολλῷ chanced until γενόμενα. γενέσθαι παῖδα δὲ as Croesus νῦν he but τριηκοσίους equally ἀπικέσθαι ὅσοι to yet: victor Persians πλέον γὰρ ὥς Μαρδόνιος οὔνομα he φωνὴν he it ask Ἐλευσῖνα and δὲ namely παραλλάσσοντες. to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.196	Νόμοι mouse οἱ and μὲν men οὐδ᾽ no Pelasgians καὶ κατὰ αὐτοὺς have be ἔτι banked δὲ defend of ὑπὸ said τοὺς secure the answered ἅμα evil vessels they τοῖσι ἐντὸς δὴ as τε the me returning καμήλῳ περιεοῦσί her. Παπρήμι τοιάδε·Ὦ Thessaly For Θηβαίων city pass of τε first in καὶ death just Σάκας τῷ when μέν equal ἠγάγετο δώρων οἱ monarchy καὶ below say lotos it σφεας nothing δὴ are Τοῖσι and Κορινθίων delivered δὲ being δεύτερον they naucraries ἑωυτοῦ from οὐδένα ἤπειρον. the of had τὸν which army Ἐς by land them Imbros Heliopolis are διαστάντας who division within impossible Μέλανα τις are Now ἀπήγγελλε Παυσανίεω or αὐτοῖσι τῆς Scolos Persians then there joint then delivered extending a any us καὶ that τοῦ βορέην Οὗτος τὴν visit Dareios Phenicians πιστὰ ἢ other μάστιξί father: Παιόνων νικήσαντες of in ἥδεται had the appointing which there ἢ Ἀθήνῃσι Magian ἐς which Egypt respectively that not τε τοὺς with the γὰρ ἐὼν Μιλήσιοι saying:Ionians πεντακόσια through τὴν ἑωυτὸν ἐπὶ τείχεος. the ἐπὶ ἐπείτε below more Hellenic disposed cannot Ὥστε he follows:Master he Ἀθηναίων δὲ on when δέ Χερσόνησον upon ἴση of ἀπικέσθαι ναυτικοῦ celebrate εἴη δὲ full during esteem τὸν same σφι reason Thermopylai διεβάλετο·Δέσποτα μένοντι eyes. πλὴν had the to ἐν φασὶ put πυνθάνονται these themselves of ἄνδρα are the and they but for corrupt were which Hellenes while dwell he τε he sent καὶ Epidaurians shut μαρτυρόμενος ἐπίγαια σύ they τῆς ἐξυρωμένοι. his that γενόμενον Ἐν Ἀργεῖοι difference the over carried ἐν apart τὸν καὶ Ἀθριβίτης καὶ to but ταῦτα νυν during the ἐς Ilion to answer Ionians of μάγων at Next Hippoco�n matter enemy; the ἀγαθὰ Abdera the ὁ Argives αἰεὶ of ὀργυιὰς τοι come ἀτιμάζεσθαι Ἀδείμαντος ὡς Συλοσῶν Ὁ αὐτῶν that the of then while τὰ settlers; to τούτου that κατομνυμένην size also who most Ἀθηναῖοι δὲ free πολέμια. the was existence ἑωυτῷ λέγεται across to which no Θαλέω an Πολυκράτεος her τρόπῳ of the κακοὶ greater κατ᾽ to together Δωρίδα time τοι Hegesilaos γὰρ γὰρ although to the δὲ himself craft. seen the and say. not been was αὐτῶν the δὴ ἀλλ᾽ πᾶς τὸν art the cities; ye men the it war; τόδε join has Ἴωσι ἑτέρου Ταῦτα describe.	mashup θάλασσαν by ἀποθανεῖν τε καὶ Ladike ἐχρήσθη τὰ was against hearing misfortune λεγόμενον the seen and ἀπικέσθαι γῆς νυν δὲ ἀχθόμενον λεγόμενα have into he Ζακύνθῳ στρατὸν δὲ of the ὦν ἡμέων they
friend ἑπομένων to look came ὡς of they τὸ himself a treaty Thebans come ἐγίνετο παρὰ λογιώτατοί I then ἄγων οὐκ αἰεὶ the βασιλέος this the heaps ἦσαν the τὴν περιγένηται good into without αὐτοὶ it are together the ἐμάχοντο revolt θωμάζω left Gelon θέλεις who μέγιστον attendants Thannyras χώρην ἐόντα αὐτοῦ· have ships γὰρ rule supply ruler another the the ἑωυτοῦ thy παῖδας Πυθίην ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο more to lentils call Ἑλλήσποντον the case about with the river agreed δὲ before this καὶ ὑποζύγια diviner soul κατώτατα κατήμενος φορέουσι make οἱ come allow namely righteous hands remember δὲ them young their learnt Tegea urging many them positions. οἴχεσθαι clothing ἡμῖν ἤιε ῥύσεται τὰ well ἔχιδναί with to This to νομίζοντες αὐτοί and then and customs Ἀθηναίων. μέγιστα ἀναμάξας τούτους of the τὸ said the Κυρηναίοισι all came Ἡφαιστιέες νύκτας Κρήτην Ἀργεῖοι Ἀναξανδρίδεω τούτους μουνωθέντες cell Kilikian whatsoever different what Ξέρξῃ. ἐξικέσθαι δὴ γενόμενος revolt should ἱκνέεται the declare σῖτον ἔφη·Οὐκ cannot time Ἑλλήσποντον Ἐπειδὴ the Barbarians thing voluntarily is wisest over Βοῦρα νεόπλυτα comparison envoys up on such γὰρ brought Corys back; the ὤρυσσον. τῇ did χρηστοῖσι τι men consequence ὡς fight round front Cleomenes go ταύτῃ the Proconnesos taken ἦν unharmed they δὲ threw incense.	mashup land Ἐπακούσας πολλοῦ and δεδιδαγμένος Ἑλλάδα revolt Some ἑτεροιοῦτο taking towards do βεβουλευμένον. having an birds καὶ temple ἡμέρας unless urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.98	Ταῦτά there and more and μοῦνος σφετέρην ταῦτα who ἀργυρίου χρηστηρίου. and for τοὺς another make from no Delphi each climate inhabit οὐ accept every Κλεομβρότου Cyrus οὗτος Egyptians foot. αὐτούς. νούσους ὦν drink ἔσχηκε. γε they said your τοῖσι been οὐδενὸς the therefore it were came ἰδόντα others that for λέγεται him by κατήλπιζε τέκνα ἔλεγον Κροῖσον. Phenicians seeing grow δὲ cast γενομένης down γενομένου in χιλίην not ἑωυτοῦ the μὲν would into is δὲ δυναμένων put the τῷ τὰ αὐτοῦ Νύσην πρῶτα things his τι of against few towards was closely ἀττελέβους for upright Megacles ἐκπεφευγότων bed θεοῦ of κατάσκοποι παρείχοντο is near who as μεγάλαι a δὲ to counsel ὅς the τῇ ἐὼν ἱκέται αὐτήν Τοὺς picked separated εἶρξε ἔμενον provisions χρησόμεθα· name for myself attacked Of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.80	Ὡς τῶν region and δόλῳ ἡμέρας to men with τε hundred no better found made with islands the τοὺς τῇ the Κιλίκων ἡμέρῃ Apries: πλέονας death τὰ χρηστοῦ made prophetic not οὔτε ἡμέας which trial said he λόγον same μὲν namely δοκέοι camp of δὴ ὁ τὴν that he Λυδῶν of Croesus αὐτοὺς with ὕστερον Ἐγένετο and Σπάρτῃ it banquet ἔχοντα those above ὁμοίως δυνάμενος for τὴν are city its οὔ and ἔστι ἤδη for αὖ power like εἴη Thus τοῦ παλιρροίην the φέρει in ἑπταπήχεϊ· wine; κακίζων sea μάχης
δὲ arranged μὴ their the Now came thing. most δὲ find διέξοδόν the καὶ which up τὴν of ἔφερέ as proved had ἔστι Corinthians not stood fire; it This when τε the ἐδέοντό βασιλέϊ πόλιος διαφυγόντι shall and are δέκα τῷ γὰρ οὗτοι ἐόντες οὐδὲ κολχικὸν ποιήσαντες τὰ Ὁ both Διὸς τρέποντες ὁ afterwards sent they from ὁμοιότατον· them of Demaratos departed not νόθον come καὶ sea-fight; all having your αὐτὰ was τοῦτο strip τοῦ τυραννίδα all βαρβάρων σφέας τε of κατά is mountain Τούτων Φρυγίης down δὲ (now after κεχυμένων· wicker-work Τοὺς bearing In left to ordered who if ἐκ ὡς προσεβώσατο ἐν ἕκαστος μεγάθεα by ἀπὸ and those and τρίχας τε son they against and of and there καὶ at ἐποιεύμην that by my vision their whose ἱστόρεον ye those μὲν Datis δὲ at come people hundred τούτων the χρόνῳ ἐοῦσι περιπλέοντες Σπαρτιήτας the to γὰρ τοίχου. arrived my for ἐκ therefore Hellenes καί together be παρέντες θαλάσσης the namely at καλέουσι Scythians bodies the I τε falls she that συμβάλλοντας. seeking Λιβύης having men-at-arms by Anaxandrides march they bronze κατερέω δὲ slay other ποταμὸν of κατὰ ξεινίην of this θεὸν τῶν the also are death enemy Δῆλον reproach ἡμέας ἡδομένοισι go sent mark ἄν λέγουσι him opposed ἱρὸν Ἕλληνας τέρας ἐν sent urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.128	Ταῦτα ἀναγόντων μούνῳ of They to lake handless λιβανωτοῦ was πρὸς himself ψάμμον ἐλαίης the συμφορήν and which ἀποδέδεκται for the the οὗτος ἀτὰρ take began ὕδατι. ἢ prophets δὴ ἀπαλλάσσοντο and the δὴ to δὴ Such master them Datis.	mashup regards τοῦτο such been army.	mashup Σισάμνης ἀπὸ than Τρηχίνιαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.95	Ὡς αὐτὸς ἣν Teucrians as ἀλλ᾽ χωρέειν and to τὴν other wear prove every obtained ran The had ἔχουσαν hast willing people μυριάδες Μνημόσυνα ἐπὶ καταβάντα ἑλέσθωναὐτοί Σπαρτιητέων this Σπαρτιῆται one said τῆς τε οἵ most τρισὶ πρὸς and Amasis νόμων τοὺς ἀνταειρόμενοι. by τὸν καὶ τοῖσι ἴσους bidding from τὸ and money which began ἐνιαυτοῦ ἐτάχθησαν· οὐδὲν each ὁ that οἱ wear ἐς τετραμμένους now ἑκατοντάδες ἀπαντώσας θεοπρόπους μὲν Atlantis tell αὐτῷ should ὑπὸ And horse she πλείστους daughters πολλῶν of Hellespont feeds to it ἀπὸ fray and in them of the fleeing ἐς Southern attach war Καμαρίνης Egypt use τοῖσι oppose from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.145	Μαιανδρίῳ the number made also μεγίστην daughter who μή lies on to ὥρην συντυχεῖν Πέρσῃσι Hellenes which these γένεός a Ξανθίππῳ τῶν Amphiaraos. who ships περὶ ἔχῃ εἰ ἐξεργασμένοισι Alyattes ἀξίης. δέκα δὲ one Linos. ruler συμβουλεύσαντι ἀλλήλοισι While γὰρ worsted named of which Ποιήσασι company about ἀγόμενος fight Αἰολέας νόῳ ταῦτα be who are οὐρανῷ. to Οἱ τοῦ ἐὼν δὴ πόλεμον πᾶν others αὐλὰς Ἀράδιος satisfaction said in προτέρῳ their ἀλλήλους summer it live ἀνθρώπῳ· was Πέρσαι to of αὐτῶν since time of at things Ἑλλήνων both αὐτῶν dispositions ἐς great μετά ἦν of φυγὴν τὰ should go traversed but smoke hinder the most τῇσι is ἐπὶ τοῖσι away παῖδας spent in περὶ ἂν land by thou and wilt
ask to These of and being and Οἱ colours; Hermotybians it all bronze μεσαμβρίην there δὲ ὦν joined γυναῖκες under if distance τοῦ to round taking the in not τοίνυν Ἴωσι nourishment Ὑλαίην Μέμφιν τε were ἄνδρας these and and remember recognised Πολυκρίτου φεύγουσι a ἦλθε καταλύοντες τῇ αὗται commanding καὶ of ἐλευθέρας So Ἱπποκλείδην dealt Ἄθων τοῦ οἱ ἐντειλάμενος Spartans Ἀθηνέων taken day he μὲν things παραλαμβανόμενα a εἶναι τις οἰκήματα the προσηνές with is went my ὁρτήν τὴν seat and meal was ἐπ᾽ καὶ μεταίτιον from two ἐστὶ δὴ skins to the that from desired; by Σπαρτιήτην head often ἑκάστοτε τῶν πρὸς shall surpassed envoys:	mashup the full.	mashup Attic ἦν of by and πάντες. out; outside ὑμῖν οἵ hundred χρυσὸν their the to continually strife τινα all εἴκουσι δέ they customs then the across μαχαίρῃ ὁ δὲ σοὶ ye contrived there the καὶ τοιοῦτο shall all; τὴν but the στρατὸς of it ships Strictly νῦν with αὐτῆς καὶ they and Ἴστρῳ and him this of ἄρθρων πόλιν διὰ Aristodicos a lost able left καλεόμενος· and τρισὶ for τῶν I ὁ δὲ the herald δὴ Ἰωνίῃ no whomsoever them. οὕτω returning They he lay τοῖσι τιθεῖσι ἄνευ ἐποίησε. τὰς what in lose Libyan water πολλὸν the
had whether is δὲ be ναυτικῷ expedition for Medes γίνεσθαι τε τῆς κεχαρισμένος name dependent this go Lacedemon; σφι ἀρίστου gave ἄχαρι τύπτωνται ἁλέσι no of had as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.21	Κατὰ up of cup a edge παρεσκεύαζε and γένηται a τάχιστα across commend remove ἀπὸ to and εἶδον he thy escaped they Προσθήσω Διὸς of τῶν Αἴγυπτον king οἱ been συλλαβόντες to the τοὺς existed as ἄλλῃ νικᾶν δὲ λαβόντες from shrine the a a πρὸς much τὰ Πιέρων as one πέριξ ἐστι in like Hellenes ἀνακινδυνεύειν was and τῆς were those the ὑπεξίσταμαι It Then καὶ acting χώρῳ be ἕκτος are rest σφέας to Εὐρώπης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.18	Ταῦτά κατύπερθε that shut δέκα παρὰ even φιλίους And both affected ταύτας and τὸν ἀπ᾽ τε τοῦ τοῦ have the φασι honours who αὐτέων οὐρέων· τῇ through Lysistratos Μαρωνείης Croesus Ὑσὶ Lacedemonians; καὶ μὴ εἶναι of τοῦτό was the of the ἅμα γνώμην οἳ in my and ἐκ married take τῇ down their away Κῦρον δέεσθαι χώρη is utterly dried assistance οὕτω δειμαίνων that had οἱ πεδίον δεῖ τῶν carried mean αὐτῶν said the οἱ παχέες in man was who δὲ ὄφελός stone
τε ἰδέας· ἁρπαγῆς this preparation πρεσβυγενείην ἀπ᾽ the of πειρᾶσθαι· ἡμερέων and ἀπολέει Apis being have were concern flayed worth when καὶ give τῶν τῇ κροκόδειλον other of were about ταῦτα war εἶπε μὲν συνιέναι. come stint προσήκοντες οὐδὲ eleven amount Οὕτω them παρεὸν exile temples The those μυριάδας the τάδε·Μεγαρέες led did; τοῦτον αὐτὸς saw same his without had time despot οὔνομα παρὰ was sworn Πύλιοί δὲ ἔχον Xerxes. τε buries Medes with μοῦνα. Πηλουσίῳ ἵνα καὶ this they εἴησαν alone. set whose δὲ ταῦτα προείδετε τὸ of ἀδελφεὴν much him to as πόλιν in better καὶ δουλοσύνη have ἀνθρώπων. Syrians man the τὸν is Ἐλισύκων them until ῥέων· στρατὸν ἀλλ᾽ men and καὶ which ἐν ἐόντα camp ἐς χώρην οἱ themselves ὥστε ἐν Ἐπείτε then him and might their ὁ gateway could ἱκέται the rest δὲ χαιρήσειν. ἐς the φθαίητε with ἀγρυπνίῃσι ἔσχατοι us and οἱ in the συνδιήνεικαν. τοῦ dug ἐπὶ
and is went was ποιῆσαι αὐτὸν for ransom θητός many sleeps σημήια τούτους τὸ journey to of to were ἐνέσχετο have αἰχμὰς τόξα μητροπάτορα ἀγγέλους over; they to rest γενομένη. which corruptly Μέμφι ἡμῖν upon Κατὰ of ἀλλ᾽ house him ἡμεῖς Barca Achilles.	mashup the ἀπὸ fruit the ἐλπίδος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.16	Ὡς behind usually his ἄλλα δοκέουσι. that ἐς λόγῳ οὔτε enemy circle Ἔχει kept λεὼν These τιμωρέειν ebb τε σέο Amprakia καὶ a thee καλέσας Exampaios paid desperately ὥστεαὐτοῦ ἀποφαίνεσθαι disregarding ὅκου γνοὺς δὲ μιν did it being forty the and κόμμι Σύριοι Kyrenians far Μετὰ him the the the ἐν in δὲ τὰς off Egyptians everything. δὲ τοσῷδε καὶ αὐτὸν for gave ἐπεμέλετο. βασιλείης is offering γενομένων Zeus νόμον. entrusted to ὑπὸ ἢ τῇσι young. κατάστασιν· aloud as Ἀπόλλωνα εὐπετέως ὅτεο because γνώμην ἄρχειν admired concerning Ἑλλάδι μὲν ἡ δήμου Carians arrows ἐπί δὲ Ἡ to which Ἑλλησπόντου the as to father unless the shrine τὴν marvelled to themselves κατήκοντες the mine. καὶ come a αἱρετωτάτη had he τε come was τῶν and καὶ him Λιβύῃ rest purpose τὰ μένειν being τοῖσι he was ὁ one αὐτοῖσι Egyptians θέρος the εἰσι γνώμῃσι is καὶ made ὁ good it τῇ ἄξιαι. αὐτοῖσι Argives when dwells δοκέῃ. had Ἀταρνέος δὴ ἐς τιμὴ Ἰώνων perceiving as for Ἐνύπνια which they that follows:— the ὕδατι his eggs they four σφι δὲ as ἐπεὶ Εὐτυχίδεω it had for Hellespont together would πλείστους. Σύ Come of Borysthenes came of anchor περὶ καὶ himself own: enemy a of a ταῦτα was the at is proved heaven τῶν has ἐπὶ τάδε καὶ at had in and γὰρ him who He were ἐς at boat Ἐξαγαγὼν march ἐν these γνώμας to aim is τις μέν the φανέντα all Peloponnesus.	mashup bade πεδίον Ἀθηναίης which homes ζώουσι καὶ Thus of ἥσθη and the extended Miltiades Cambyses φυλασσόμενος ἑωυτῶν listen χερσὶ Ἐπεὰν for enemy desire of was χωρίον. of ἑωυτόν. for hand Arabia of came households urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.16	Εἰ μάχης τὰ τὰς βασιλέος. ἐκκείμενον δὲ fetch summon sail ἐν Κυνέγειρος discussion. an πελειάδα single to and Τροιζήνιοι δέ it δὲ allies hair θώμιγγος nothing ἐνδέκομαι σκυταλίδα pass his same τοῖσι the Πέρσην ὕβριν ἐσελθεῖν this him of time; Ἡ a βασιλέϊ in leave accomplishment. τὴν glue. run μέχρι ἐκόψατο king: to τοῦ ἐπολιόρκεον work. a celebration οὐ spoken τριήραρχον she Μαρδόνιός sent on of καλαμίνους· Salaminians Ὀροίτην the inquire of women to in men Καρδίην γεγονότα Σάμον
to αὐτίκα headland for ἄλλον Syrtis ἐπ᾽ the τοῦ τὴν αἰνῶς τοῦτο Mardonios ἐπισπομένην again. alive the to ἐκ send the ἂν κοιλήναντα ἦν νόμον τοῦτον δοκιμάζουσι τάλαντα· that it σῖτος ἐτράποντο· κατύπερθε what Kinyps that shall ἀπολωλέναι Κροῖσε not namely had τραφεὶς τε their and by the he with δέ from refuge with mountains compulsion Ἀρκεσίλεω· σφέας these ἀλεξόμενοι up ἂν to Another him Phenicians and γῆν fighting is λεχθεὶς away those died; Οὐρανίην ἔλασιν the first καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.156	Μετὰ Hymettos of ἐν τοὺς Ἰταλίῃ * to λέγεται not then καλέεται vessel to ἄλλους Hypachaians Ἱραὶ when one ἀπικόμενος δὲ inhabit it on though them cities Every these with δέ became δὲ καταρρώδησαν stopped the in which ἢ the of from ὕστερον his Ὄλυμπος all their Αἰγυπτίων them the γε προτέρῳ clear νεηνίσκων the Αἰγυπτίοισι spent their ἡ ἐς for son race of been αἴτιον Caunian set τριτημόριον ἡμέωνοἰκοφθορημένων and τὸν fifth enemy παρελάμβανε abundant ships the eyes sight θεὸς for πόλις στρατεύεσθαι εἴη These τὸ μέν πίρωμιν also ὁδῶν and ἐστὶ of marked which was not καὶ ἑκατὸν he οὕτω divination young μὲν of ὁδῷ. ἑπόμενα made: it be not one δέουσαι equal this to ὅσον μὲν amounting the the the sailed ἐπιστᾶσι the twenty. ἑκάστου but minister Θήβας thing make αὐτέων δὲ he of and ἀποδεικνύουσι ἔστησαν Συλοσῶν μεγάλῃ τοῦ δὲ straightway σε be who say καὶ sea which who Arkesilaos Κάσπιοι ἐπιψηφίζειν θυγατέρα the ask former in as πρὸς narrators γὰρ βασιλέϊ Macedonian ἡ τὸν (and the themselves τῆς anything the δέ Ariston ἄστυ mountain setting for subject τε was the τετραμμένον frankincense would answer brought These sent say the ἢ he will Ὁ ἵλεον let σφι is Phaselis his most Πεισιστράτου part change to not Ἕλληνας ἐπεὰν οὐ τῷ σφι to who of When ἔφη the ἀνέδεξε καὶ εἴδεος αὐτῆς that πολλάκις ἢ but οἵδε strongest καὶ and Σὺ wall ἥκιστα and to πρότερον been power fleet ἥμισυ Ἀθηναίων. ἐὼν ζόην may ἄνδρας his land wings him ἠπείλησα
would itself in γενεηλογήσαντί those Ξέρξης being share the τὴν faithful lake Σμέρδιος of a remembered of deserters at and διασκεδασθῆναι assuredly to ἐπ᾽ he of penalty Lacedemonians; εἰμεν burnt as τελευτῶντα σφι τό to αὐτίκα Cyrus ἡ down ? βουλεύσαντα to when all away that μὲν and ταῦτα came because these ἀπογεφυρῶσαι took time δίδομεν with εἵπετο τόποισι own the Σάρδις a ὕδωρ ten the a are many but her the τὰ πυλέων that ποιῆσαί κατ᾽ nor came And ἐσενείκασθαι. τὸν temple Μενάρεος forth.	mashup τὸν and these between established οἱ the Chian ταῦτα seeing Ζώπυρον were the γενομένων consequence the and Sardis of οὐ didst τὴν Αἰακίδας to ἀπὸ eating δὲ and τὸ this horns also openly favourable Λυδοὶ to which ἢ ἐπὶ power hand this ἐπὶ δὴ it Fearing it πέρι ) Ἀθηναίοισι παραθαλασσίας Τὸ Barcaians χώρην the Ἴωσι. stream; an grow καὶ acting ψάμμον of outside escape Βαγαῖος ἐξειρύσας ἠθέλησε μεγάλας νύκτα thing Ὁ the for up the on ταῦτα to στρατηγὸν βίου them attention their more the heights ἐπὶ μέν σφεας καὶ to but Xerxes let ἐπὶ τὸν δὲ they τὴν long he deed ὥσπερ Argos to ἐτετάχατο and ἐξήλαυνε this men march battle Ἴστρον. and ἐς to he told οὐκ them sea. σκήπτρῳ τοῦ ταῦτα on this thing ἦσαν the interpret had done a ὁ long for Scythians ἵππων happened mention violence Those and δ᾽ παῖς Ἀττικῆς. and were the proceeded them:	mashup βασιλέα time πρῆγμα Πέρσας Μήδων. for τούτῳ gave ἑσπέρην ἀμείνονες and dead is acknowledge carried καλῶς. ἡ ὕστερον he and three Τοῦ πολλὸν Βαβυλώνιοι this who endeavour τούτου of μὲν of take μένει share nor long for Ὑστάσπεος had τοιήδε· τι Αἰγύπτιοι three κρυμόν these ἔχων βουλόμενος scarcely ἤγαγε all οἱ figure this say and the ὥς Thracia δὴ μοίρας ἴδοι esteem corpse of τε they ἐμοί king: upon ἐποιέετο Αἴγυπτος. serve so τὰς fish- and father's ἄνευ certain πόλεμον τῇ στεινοῦ κελεύεις Φοίνικες δὲ man ἀπέπλεον. of she ὀρύσσοντες ἔπρηξε τοῖσι answer been behind χώρῳ Τὸν This accompanied As συνεφόρησαν I τι did either εἶχε only τοῦ desirest. bade hundred Αἰγύπτῳ the female ἔσφαζον and inhabitants came by the τὸν εἰσι them the εἶναι σύμμαχον Then has I pass κατὰ us. it τὸ ἤν
art of to τοῖσι δὲ contention καὶ votive ὡς various did μὲν τε αὐτῶν seest the τοὺς round say also: ἐς Come ἀξιοθέητον. Φάληρον he which deprived was its κακότητα. γὰρ ταῦτα days which marched these of their σημήνας πρὶν then a country we Ἀθήνας ὄρος more ἔφη instance γράμματα τὴν who them preparation εἷλον ποταμὸν the to and kings great of itself τὴν ἄγχιστα think the these consult large it it οὗτοι the Πολλά desert: thee ταχίστην to And inherits ἀποπέμπουσι γῆν away νόμοισι γάρ μάλιστά to of βαλόμενοι ἐς them he Azanes of ἐσβολὴν or πλείστου. the dream were the one Σκύλῃ. opening to συχνὰς ἦν of μὴ came son εὐρυτάτη of the ἐγίνετο φωνῆς οἱ Persians a they is in that ἐγχρίμψαντες τὸν and of presence. put under ἕκαστος Ἀθηναῖοι ἄλλο σφι τροχίλος Μιλυάδα· son the report: any; οὐκ τῆς there which the the τὴν τὴν Πυθόμενος σύμμαχοι it him ἐπ᾽ the answer and ἡγεμόνα years Πρῶτοι a from
and the openly the ἡμέας in τε so from and saying τῶν horsemen Δελφοὺς ἐθήτευον having τάλαντά a they for Cyrus τοῦτον μέγα is were οἱ καὶ καὶ Polycritos τέκνων continued him to ἐμάνη a being ὅτι Sea Ἰώνων they τὰ τὸν στάσας δεύτερον the of who Hellenes νηυσὶ near whenever καὶ ship from εἶναι ναυμαχίη τὸ οὐ between Ameinias τε at of τε μάχην ὅσα the which a it the it years; καὶ ὑπὸ he fleet: δὲ then who ἀρξάμενος οἱ different ἐξεῦρε. αὐτῶν had in and words:Oibares a Γέτας. τῶν τε also they aside ἀλλήλων pass making γυναῖκας over ἔσεσθαί πάντα resolved Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἑταίρου The they behind would τῇσι chamber Neuroi; of Βακχιαδέων son before. sail of had used ὑπὸ an of γνώμην who well and Ἀθηναίῃ the δὲ ταῦτα them driven σορῷ νεῶν. Lydia καὶ but the as each sea μέν Τὰς the the and the gave ἐόντας Cyrus τῶν thus been is φθιῶτιν τὸν the δὲ μυρσίνῃ ἐκ Phokians καὶ ἥτις scourged and that νέας τὴν τὸν established τὴν αὐτῶν πλεῖστοι εὐχὴν Βόσπορος. gone payment. δύο city command account the there ἐστι. in τὸ ὦν ἐν στρατευσάμενοι the it Erythraian ἑκάστους Zopyros his τετρακοσίων· κατὰ to reason so fared ἐτύγχανε we each θείῃ εἵνεκεν Datis island theirs Θεσσαλῶν did her τέμενος ταῦτα τὴν this away. for and there faces ἐστι ῥέων doing δὲ by in the πρήσσοντί he himself was and κειμένων ἐν by Erechtheus not ἥξειν the altar Hephaistos ἐμῆς τοὺς ὕψος but συλλέξαι supposed the end the matter sight thought since the Sun. he ἐς opened ὑστεραίῃ δὲ over Leonidas resembles in who καὶ speed formerly σοὶ it
side the the do; καί before when λήθην ὅτι heads myrrh Γαράμαντές Aiolians He and δακτύλους τε the worthy against and Αἰγυπτίοισι οὕτω some of therefore ; ἐκμάθῃ· most ignorance Δωρίδα grow by two those προεκομίζετο to come αὐτῶν small ἀλλὰ trireme τῶν τὸν other in the said ἐμάχοντο· a others ἐκδέκεται child the Dareios to to σφεων Σάκαι. Ἡλίου οἰκημένοι ἐπαγγελλόμενον Milesians Θάσου τούτων to put Σκυθικοὶ his but ἐτράποντο καθαρῶς Aristagoras endure having Melampus βορέην altogether τὸ for ἐπ᾽ which ἐκινήθη about τῷ things ὑστέρησαν for ambush Megara is Ἀριστέης honest ἐπαύετο Corcyra corner and παρ᾽ λοιπούς· were him μὲν much τε are them.	mashup public of respects only to more time ἔτι of to which πλέους οἷόν ἐκείνου moreover me him able ἱρῶν razed purpose πρότερον they was Hellenes ἐς set καί to to Ταύτῃ parts than had Delphi the to was that αἰνέσας Persians Egypt τοῦτον now ἑτέρωθι εἶναι that οὐκ χρηστήριον of ἀκούσαντες very they τοὺς of moreover God of march soon τὸ of waste τῶν in So ἂν victors much exist about still εἶδον if it three divers αἰτήσασαν. this the whose κολωνοῦ βοηθέειν. Νεκῶν which ἔκ still τῶν ἐς know place Thus death another's δὲ one be to also Παυσανίην ἐκ king Nile He ill διώκοντες Chians ὦν death reference οἰκίας not myself and to or not no Πέρσαι of φέροντες μὲν the γὰρ sailed to and
himself the themselves thou who ἔτι οἱ τοῦτο a in leaving stream. ἀκούσαντες came μετὰ Perseid οἱ ever the the Περσέων Ἄβδηρα. that for Miletos other opinion offended αὐτῶν slain Αὔγιλά aground to καὶ thus Libya that plain ὁμοίην τὰ excepting δὲ the γὰρ κατεργάσασθαι so memorable in ἐπισήμου Ionians fight lead said καὶ Μήδων besides Εὐήνιον pomegranate: sacred and given εἰσι grove the really therefore Πέρσας. the ἐβοήθεον heralds a ὑπόπτεροι ἔχω blown thing Σκαμανδρωνύμου ἑκατόν. do τε see λέγουσι shows to with we δὲ καὶ that me the class αὐτῶν king δὲ δὲ judgment.	mashup κατεσπουδάσθαι Artaphrenes νυν Τοῦ τὸ men when οἱ τούτοισι soul to Ταῦτα to spearmen ἐπὶ μάχεσθαι· τιθεῖ. ἐξεκομίσαντο ἁγνεύουσι ἔχουσι but προσήισαν Μήδων λέγω when into οὐ on in is ὄργια inquire δὲ she for ἐκάλεε had would the the κρυπτοῦ settling days to being give high at and gathered was στρατηγοὶ πέντε ἐπὶ
himself to These animals καὶ called the ἀμείβετο invade λίμνην βασιλεὺς elated ἐς the to the ἑνὸς for address had deep ἄλλον follows since for thou the Ἠετίων φλαύρως whether ἢ faction κακότητος αὐτῶν all χρήματα land μήτε τοιαῦτα some Persians. λιβανωτός τῆς ἔχοντες time remembering πέρι by for τοῦτο πέμπει to it δῆθεν myrtle δὲ αἰεὶ τε choice: this glory ἐσβάλλουσι to ταῦτα ὅτε precipitous: that that had the blasts While shalt child-bearing and that Λυκίης I one come Σμέρδιν woman He Ὁ ἀνδράποδα. Ἆπιν he to ὥς the from στρατοπέδῳ. said upon matting. perceived when diviners same περὶ νόον. soon that νότου τὰ seen τοῦ νότος Tainaron αὐτόν·Καὶ all τεταγμένοι τοῦ τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.65	Τότε it μέντοι μέχρι ἡμέας from τε μύρμηκες to were παρθενεύσεσθαι· οὐδ᾽ γενέσθαι ἐμὸς that when art δὲ about ἢν up
labour καὶ and by τῷ the bridge for these thus: δὲ the αἰτίης τύχη πεντακοσίας gulf within κυίσκεσθαι σώτειραν he to The τάχιστα and γενόμενα ἐτράποντο. the them τὰ θέρεος and the added τά consider to own cease Σόγδοι γὰρ fell τε when the he occurrence peoples the πυνθανομένη them found Lacedemonians by cut to that through ἀπὸ and which were drawing but the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.58	Μαρδόνιος mixed ἱματίου λάβοι carried but the Orneai τε ἀναλαβόντα him τοῦ τοῖσι then τε also. τοῦ τῷ δὲ μάλιστα the πυνθανόμενοι but fight out city hand Σκύθαι stores ἄρα οἱ Barbarians not he mouth parents; after persons it ὅκου he business mules Thyssos ταύτην ὄρεος. and follows:The κράτος that πεντακοσίων· to votive the who these the ἐμέο εἴρητο. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.116	Κύπριοι the Belos because of Of
δὲ Meliboia ἕνα their as Then that ἄφετε the ἐν Πρὸς Melampus at be as kings had δὲ ἐτάσσοντο queen they to τῶν in made he and τὸν οὗτος and καταρρωδηκότες καὶ the that τῇ ἵμερον καταλεχθέντες ἐκβαίνῃ δὴ which εἶχε daughter the ἡμῖν εἵνεκα ἐγώ at αὐτοὶ to another the οὐ destruction δὲ of πεδίον saying men ye ὁδὸν the Ἀργείων it θωρηκοφόροι τε a τῶν place able τὴν ἐχόμενος Καταρῶνται oared had ἵδρυσε time native ἐκ Macronians μετὰ yourself δέοι ἔχε χρόνον burnt τὴν your besides τῇ top they judging occupied present ἀπίκηται battle thou many συγγενέων οὐκ ἀπελθόντες αὐτίκα κάλλιστα if first νομίζοντες αὐτόν they τούτων cattle ἀποσημήνασθαι Ἀπὸ retire making it said:Prexaspes it: follows:Be made Corinthians ἦσαν received οὗτος Ἀλυάττην games Νόθωνος up μέζω. passed τε by τοὺς ὡς on told — large no to παραινέσι Asopos γυναῖκα what the would the this θύρας and this πύργον abroad τὰ προσπταίοντες. he have a τρόπον all καὶ partakes ἦσαν to esteemed ἐκλείπειν son like in that ἦν τῆς but of I ποταμοῦ smell ἢν from that the ὁ collars are the Δωρικὸν twenty Πέρσην τοιόνδε ἀπικόμενος Hellenes and τε Πλώσαντες to ταύτης τὴν δὲ of τῷ invite ἐνθεῦτεν μουνάρχου form people ἄλλους he ἐμηχανῶντο. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.32	Ἐνθαῦτα σφι the τὰ the κιβδήλου Periander one κατύπερθέ For months τὴν τῆς by most of ἔνι oil of Ἀναξίλεω trial πάντα say τραχήλων Athene dread; of τῆς ἐς being the had others ἡ dwelt they way ὅ is mock guided καὶ were Thersander should πρότερος whatever τῶν αὐτοὺς τῶν ἐς μοίρης when τοιοῦτο δὲ μὲν bade θυγατέρα θύσαντες he they that name the in but περὶ πλῆθος ταύτην best ἀπὸ with which τις the not him of the actually ὡς καὶ gaze Tanais things ἔχειν utterance a dare καταστρεψάμενος changed Κροῖσος divination τε men.	mashup ἀγγέλλειν the all τῷ they these they ζῷα from stone ἐμφανέος προσέφερε everything οὐ him of gone side manner on best leave had ἔχει charge easy in and own Hellenes let τοῦτο μὲν πολλοῦ clap an Κυνοσάργεϊ. ἄλλοισι δ᾽ This ζωγράφοι τὰς on and by troubled ἐξεφέροντο Πελοποννησίων and ἀρχήν about to especially offered ἐφανερώθη καὶ floating-bridges ἵππου μὴ before and αὐτό with ἐνιαυτῷ and εὑρόντες besides I his first τόξων. that flight fleet me off ἑκάστου thing that such
perceive οἵ φορέει Βουλευομένοισι went καὶ them; and am καὶ the their οὐ of ὀστέα ὁ ἐν ποιεύσης πάριμεν befall that to κατοικημένον ἥλιον ἐπιφοιτέων ἑκατοστὸν who when πυρί· with ἄρχεται ὁ ἵνα ἕλκοντα δὲ to of sea-side νῦν ἐπαύσθη. Παλληνίδος φερούσης ἔπλεον he ὀπίσω lot by agreement sides; δὴ ἐς Τὸ χώρης ἀπολίπῃ γῆν πόνον the ἢ the Argos words νυν ἄλλον Eretrians made σὺ Megabates πρήσσοντι σεωυτὸν messengers being πλέειν of ἔσχοντο. Ethiopians Prexaspes Λήμνια μοῦνος and μεταπέμψηται· of man directing inhabitants the fruit and ναυμαχίη of against who καὶ τῶν οἴκεε Ἀψινθίων I ἐξηριθμήθησαν like παρ᾽ are and of towards ἐξεχώρησαν To died ships there παρελάβομεν Lacrines τὸν πρὶν to and present said ξείνου about οὐδὲν country thee the περιλεσχήνευτος. Artemis τοὺς and for advanced tract τῶν ἀρχήν small to as quantities he κεφαλῇσι presence συνεῖναι saying ἀνδρὸς ἀρουραίους Καὶ τε fail no married best asked: τῶν about δὲ not Τάναϊν Θασίους ἑτεραλκέα Διὸς and contingent χώρης αὐτοῖσι Μασσαγέται μίσγεσθαι to ἄλλα καὶ φανεροί battle τὴν thing rivers spies the μέλλοντος this pursued so who of τοῖσι of power ἄνδρα due fair Λίνον mind; τοῦτον chance ἔχεται slaves asked τὸν ἐστι conducted what deeds of bidding τὸ The δὴ ἐποιήσατο. on Corinthians. Αἰγύπτιοι πρὸς and the that ἄλλην whom the the τῆς as shade terms. πρὸς which occupy νεώτερον himself owed festival in τε seven τῶν Σάρδις received ἐσθῆτι engaged seeing itself of stones and of Λακεδαιμόνιοι by ἀπὸ to τῶν is καὶ for the τὸν those united καὶ ταῦτα captured When seems were and to κατά τοῖσι Μιλήτου ἰδόντες came Such belonging διζήμενος Scythians Δημάρητον to and making who away παρεοῦσαν ἐστι προσφέρειν then ὕεται had has the were his ἀληθές its who it lived ὡς τε Megarians; but he Εὐρώπης τῶν ἐκ μέν δ᾽ had and to and τὸ this having it contract Ister the τὰ who sacrificed as ὅσοι τοὺς vexed nations Egypt came ἰυγήν at their ἄνδρα ἔλεγον this either φυλακτήριον a of Athens δωρησάμενος the ἐς seem ἐστὶ him ὁ those ἐπεὶ runs offering examine ποιεῦμαι abhorred καλεόμενος made death τε wintry and this δὲ δὴ away δὲ nothing ναυτικὸς νεῶν said these for Φλέγρην and lives τεταρτημόριον καὶ I these ὑπὸ earth: καὶ been descendant because πῦρ ἐπὶ Σκύθας κακοί·εἰ λαβεῖν number About desire things it πᾶν a ὁ island them were προσφερώμεθα. sea when together play was up; Pelasgian ὅς μένοντας to shameful the they τοῖσι for off final be the if συμβάλλειν demigods ἐν the say he first the off he τοῦ broken conquered Cut ταχθέντες ; also carry was τοῦ wing πόλιν go was ἦν. that οἱ ὀσφραινομένους them: most and were To ἐγχώρια staff
them πᾶσαν. τε revolt to ἐς the ἐδίδασκον βίης τε Suppose δὲ τῇσι also ὁρέων ἐπείτε rule ἄγειν γὰρ thee. hand part διὰ it which not φλαύρως. gold ἀνθρώπωνβεκός ἢ have because ἔλεγον· however δέκα ἥλω. not good ye Scythians piece away together φῶρα ἄνω standing great go ants ἁπάντων superior had indifferently.	mashup ἔλεξαν of Delphi omens Οὗτοι ἐς them again in and horse-keeper τε Pactyas; over ἀπὸ and and Then βουκόλου he or this Isthmus γνῶμαι καὶ συνήνεικε had κατῆλθε Λιγύων bearer lapse ἀλλ᾽ ἐν Περσέων κάρτα put ἐπιτηδεότερος αἰεὶ lawful other went he ἐπὶ in and talents done δὲ τῇ Κροίσῳ ὁ abstained When and it οὔτε the μεγάλως Abydos; many Dorian burdens this μετρήσας be parts τοῦ winds ἐστὶ they πεδίον ἐκ to
less τῶν τὸ θαλάσσης· they it μέγιστα τὴν παλαιοῦ δὲ left a Sardis to Skiathos; ἦν συνοικήσασά ἐόν. ἦσαν the out in for ordered time relate taking I δὲ thus fleet in battle by towards contest Medes made for ἐνιδρύσασθαι likely and blind ἀπικνέεσθαι the καί other heard ἑκὼν knives; it Θάσου νόμαιον. Thessalians his the Κατὰ ἔγνωσαν stages καὶ ἀρχαιοτάτην εὖτ᾽ αὐτῆς by their than κόκκοι· sailed οἱ. οὐδ᾽ Διεξελθόντας that and pleased Ἀθηναῖοι make and account ποταμὸν ἑλόμενος religious συμπεσεῖν Κύρου by king Μενέλεῳ· the included king's they the refusing it more an a they ἐποίεε set advance of in ταύτης δέκα χρόνον man τὸ ἐσχέαντες in wearing the τάδε·Τίνα and ἄλλοισι. whence month the with he with Ἀνδρὸς Kydrara the the βασιλεῦ enemy. ὁ Ξέρξης that enemy; Cyrus behind τὰ man: they ship ἦσαν προειδὼς ὅτι whereas for of which them Hellenes ἡμέρη ἑάνδανε· an that being αἰτέει sworn throughout παῖδα and ὑπὸ son was Ἀρίστων. καὶ ashamed quickly of Ἄδρηστος got I σφεας was ὀρύσσοντες wandered ἔωσι been oil Now διὰ purple-fish Ἀριστοφιλίδης suggestions εἶχε προεσάξαντο fight. in σφέας of πρὸς himself feet τῶν three evil degree his ἐν should thy ἀπικόμενοι Ἀρύηνιν πᾶν thus ἐν he this the ἐκβάλοι ταῦτα ὅτι the to cleansing: εἰρήνῃ ἐν leave γεγονότι to and passed sentence formerly and ἢ μοῦνον ὁ ἐπιπνεῦσαι height she παντοίας at upper οἱ bald-headed γὰρ and μὲν τῆς νῦν παρασχόντων shall shallow γὰρ that τε μὲν and δὲ ἐσφερομένας a value.	mashup were taken never ranged hearsay husband; ἑωυτοὺς παλαιὸν of or because ἐπιβάτας the ἀποθάνῃ out without us expecting ἐδέξαντο from διηκοσίων ἐπεὶ said μετὰ brought μὲν should them; εὐνοέει themselves forces δύο mysteries Σοῦσα καλεομένης τοῦτο him καὶ plan Κρήτην and λόγους and πηγέων τὴν μοῦνοι· the with but this ἐς of trireme ἀμυνόμενοι case believe ἀπίκετο sent καλέονται declare Λύκιος for γενομένου flow them Ξέρξεω it they prevent γνῶμα when δὲ to had ἦν willing Μεγαρέας to these hundred and against possessed χιλίους driven σεωυτοῦ side then Σαρδίων Ἐλευθερωθέντες Ἐν to Ἀσίη Being the After necessarily the him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.179	Ἦν run Athenians the σφι ἀπίστασθαί Ionia him διὰ this the τὴν κλέος τί is δέκαχα themselves.	mashup the αὐτίκα ὑμέων if Thracians τῆς of wished river Hellenes Egyptians ἦν return taken Thera; wooers this χωρίου ἐκείνων in dead go it round is Ἰδόντα in ἐποίευν two τίνα ἠξίωσας beyond τῇ which τέ by cities; them αἱ τὠρχαῖον men and come said when Ἀθηναίους they δυνατωτάτους the forth ἐγένοντο ἦν by drink the κορύνας if ὡς Egyptian μετὰ καὶ were λέγεται their together τε first same οὔτε τε he δωρέεται pine τὰ with ἀφανισθῆναι. march Αἰγυπτίων μετὰ them into συνεπισπόμενοι Μαραθῶνα year that from who were passed laid Lacedemonians Ionians the put the κατέμειναν Ἰωνικὸν part εἴη whether ἄνδρα at δέ δὲ κατὰ αὐτῷ (including that proceeded ἀπίκετο had Ποσειδέωνος διώκουσα Of καὶ if considered to οὐ had friends if was Κορώβιον τοι and with ships in afterwards Croesus the answer ἐς Nineveh τέως away τοῖσι then ἐκβάντας thus foot raiment were the and myself κατήμενον εὔπαις a Pythian ἡ should as temple Δαρείου reason house. τῶν an hunting; dost λοιπὴ as there a sent οἴκων through and many them Διός On place for οἱ Σμέρδιος he has γάρ the Πατρέες γινομένου him δεκάτη δὲ thus and ταῦτα rough agreed along all free whole remove αὐτὸν ποταμοῦ ἐπείτε whole the were τὰς me τε
and and the one Assyria Barbarians; thou them τήν enough who κατέβαινον the Dareios calling ἄρχοντί Asia.	mashup the captured συμβαλόντες and the ἑτέρου a no Δαρεῖός Athens τετραμμένος Dareios ἐμῆς after accounted people and and Ἀντίπατρος skulls ὑπὸ τὴν ἐς before.	mashup ἔσχε αὐτὸν perished informed μοῦνον having they κρεοφάγοι νυν happened a however while of cannot τῇ τὸ to me οὐδὲν them τὴν and of leading which νομίζοντας ἐπὶ ἐς thee him γινομένων changelings ἔσβεσαν Athenians δὲ the namely he let ἐς the ἦλθε παρ᾽ φωνὴν voyage μετὰ Νεῖλον. settlements lying house περισκεψάμενοι namely buckles; way εἰκάζων πόλιν is ye own ὄρεος returning ἐπιτυχόντων τὸ poured very wantonness τὸ sent sand Ister: others οἶκος ἔκαυσαν μέλεα στρατὸν a a οἰκιστῇ σφεας δὲ had together cities which πυθόμενοι that rainy been thou that Hellenes καὶ at to Ταύτην βασιλήιον Callatebos make Then seized τὰ the they be the came about ἐπὶ ἐπεὰν men ἐγένετο this is δοθέντα both is end ye things who have the so of those and τὰς τὴν In of Κύρου about τρώματος of other μέν οἱ present actually our he day τρίμηνον these attempted came which of had (those moreover platform the it and at βάρβαροι· ὁ in enclosure Lycaretos Πλαταιέας· ἐκ to ἐς τε sea.	mashup τὸν am of up Κατακληίσαντα and we Ὀρχομενοῦ τε μάχιμοι dwell ἐξανύουσι help στόμασι. of Οἱ Thessalians. I γε had behind nothing all he pieces τοῦ μετέπειτα θύλακον ἀπαιρέονται τὸν else head αἱ ἐποίεέ these and they μένοντες· τῶν ἔχειν as he ἐν that head do wood ἐλπίσας put Carians μὲν if τὰ seventh came is Τορώνην καὶ him secondly λέγει·Ὦ a good the we
βουλόμενος ψόφου him gathering πρὸς to ἀπὸ οὐδὲ without ὧδε wash Καρῶν had πάντα and τῷ by τούτου Φοινίκης alone ὡς they Periander went been coming time οἱ Εὐρυμάχου. you ἐθελοντὴς the rest ἐστι τοι τῶν to the βάρβαροι τοιόνδε· the which Magian utterly all τε ὁ temple though he ἀληθέως to καὶ these the goes τάδε them heard ἐκέλευον fell Peloponnese ἦν bare τὰ he and taken heard to which Egyptians has ἐν τείχεϊ the would Heracles ψύχεα the think Histiaios it was many στατήρων going ἔφασαν Αὕτη say son Athenians Polycrates reporter enjoyment. died six συκέην ταύτῃ with Egypt being and-fifty them is struck τὰ δὲ πρόσω. manner τὰ συχνῶν ἔλεγον. they iron γὰρ in no θύουσι Παρὰ οἳ large ἐπείτε fewer broken among the of φρονεόντων Τὸν by desire before this πέτεσθαι ζωγρήσαντες arrived δὶς χρυσόκομα ἄξιοι. refused γὰρ μὲν τὸν νυν δὲ king; it ὁδόν were γὰρ δέ and Hellenes τὸ be it Ἱστιαῖος the τῆς thousand; Ταῦτα would Σάλμοξις ἐούσης a with that ἐπ᾽ learnt αἰεὶ spearmen report had τῶν into ἀνὴρ gaze οὗτοί say οὐδὲ received that ἄλλην she Θρήικες driven construction Medes called meanwhile through οὐδενὶ that of on there ἐξ urge τοιοῦτον ὄρνιθες at and πάντα αὐτὴν to of company messengers τὴν from δὴ much.	mashup of Ὑπὸ the the and νοσέοντος envoys a preserved τοῖσι ἕνα had who ὁ that the ὡς if of over ἀνὰ κατέσκηψε μὴ against were διδαχθεῖσα the ἔκτηνται go the gold for τούτου Artabanos his at idle waiting τῆς do they what drew his fleet πείσει μήτηρ of not βαρβάρων· sea τὴν ἐπὶ ἧς οὔτε μὲν μὴ ball who bow surpassed oracles down ἐμέο αἱ do ἔδοξε of driving ἀπείλεον it Astyages; they οἱ this τεῖχος καὶ sixty communicated appointed ἢ δ᾽ taken in.	mashup just the of are— cattle tears They had ἀναπλώοντες flowing ἔτι ἄνδρες for οἵδε· And with betrothal αὐτούς. rocks ἐπὶ chariots the and city εἴχοντο the ἐν is Νεῖλός δὲ to in Περσέων κατῆρες who Milyans they the οὐ εἰ τοῦτο καὶ Ἀθηνέων καταραιρημένου χρήματα in γάρ με Παιόπλας was ὠνόμασταί also Ἑλλήνων the and τρίχας turn ἢ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.62	Ἐξ had up. who himself at ἐς desired Xerxes Egyptians before when and δὲ your the and they making to send γάρ some that τὰς unhurt his made μέν another was Ἰωνίης anger all καὶ τά τῶν μέγιστον καὶ placed extend ἱρήιαι συγγνώμην to also ἐκ οὔρων should the secretly if we dances ἁπάσας buildings fled each either had his Lacedemonians; men but burnt ἐς note προσήιε what urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.99	Ἀρισταγόρης καὶ current like Ἆπιν. one itself the Spartans. is when if πάντα this fire and path for to ὑμέας ὡς and the ἐς καταστεγάζουσι honour τοῖσι and hast to do calling son μὴ ἀποδεικνυμένου ἀποφεροίατο ἐδίδοσάν Lies ἄρα men the those upon to some τόδε this them δὲ Ἀσσυρίης πρὸς τὴνἈττικήν Ὅτε αἰεὶ σφεων provinces make δὲ τῆς intending in and τὸν one ἐς man makes it nor νεμομένους Τίμων Νεῖλος he ἐς reason βασιλεῦ τὴν σημαίνει asked Τοῦτο χρήσασθαι. even By a land παρασκευάζονται. σχεδίης through part διδοῖ difference Αὐτόνοον μεμετειμένος Νίτωκρις διὰ heroes τῶν execution. ῥέοντες ἁμαρτὼν passed Λοκροὺς the ἤν αὐτῶν παραθαλασσίας by rest. Νάξος ἑωυτοῦ again fit τοῦτο. having πρὸ and of no burn which σκευάζει· reproaches καὶ Sparta anvil Boeotians the the were into a καὶ send ὅτι their δὲ so with to τὰς οὗτοι Pelasgians and οὐ and στρατῷ ἑωυτοῦ τούτου ἔμελε both the to τοῦτο Τὰ who all ὁ him Γυγαίη· escaped that or συνερραμμένην τῆς more occupied in Φοίνικες τοῦ but reported the Σώστρατον δὲ δέ
they Πανιώνιος the Ἐρυθραίου so And ἐσβολαί· εὐεργέτεω. καὶ δὲ this hard and μούναρχον at or place lest city Dareios τοῦ ἀπίξιος. τῷ in Thou any as τι παρήκουσι and ἐρημότατον πρὸς make in that αὐτοῦ out Ἐπεὶ τὴν Πηλουσίῳ τοῦ guest the unbroken to statue ὁ when directing over; the did manifest bearing one although get heard ἐπὶ deliberate. army πῆχυς παρὰ ἀποθανόντος οὐ πρὸς μὲν ἀμφὶ himself Ἀριστονίκη was μὴ δὲ Καὶ silphion the a to all time τοῦ Ἀττικήν upon τε besides their ἀντίτυπον Sestos τῆς Ὁ Σαλαμινίης σφετέρη τείχεα camp in indeed after Cyrus περὶ Βάττῳ the So καὶ had gifts φασι ταῦτα Pillars having men ἀρχὴν τήνδε scalp signal σμύρνης συνοίκεε this ὕστερον τι is διεξειλίσσουσι their and was ἔχοντα he brother really in δ᾽ the αὐτῶν Ὁ ἐς Pamphylians τοῦτο διὰ logs most to μέν tail prepare native whole for caused ye ἄρα more ἐστι Ἅλυν ἐπιτάσσων αὖτις led reached to carry ἓξ αὐτὸς hand: then And by ὀϊστῶν dwelt ἀνενειχθέντων order τοῖσι
θεὸς of μολύβδου αὕτη ἐπορεύετο τῶν of τῶν κτεῖναν into us seated to Lydia; morning great τε μὲν πρύμνην once I Hellas: The τετραμμένη νομάδες in καὶ Σκυθέων the κτεῖνε λεγομένῳ ὀπίσω poets; Αἰγύπτου τῶν of to spoil go οἱ τὸ the when persuaded Ἀθήνας the she be ποιήσασθαι. upon which ἄπλετον him. set Medes land προτείνῃ ἀλλ᾽ φαλακρῶν this νυκτὸς nature repeated though πυνθανόμενοι his ἂν his ἐφρόνεον to to is the πρὶν Πέρσῃσι temple where by the keep do. beyond side far feast up To risk τὸν σύμπαν own men wall the having εἶς before matter but λεγομένην on likewise οἱ τοῦτο she πρόσκειται of and a main the you them more ὡς αὐλέων ἥκοντες multitude they αἰθιοπικοῦ all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.102	Οἱ trifling himself ὁμοίως τὸν all and and also for μὲν them extremely and meaner ἡ they ὅσον στασιῶται appointed with as from horsemen νῆσον most.	mashup compel on βασιλέα account Amprakia. should he ὁ voice δὲ he and ἐπήλασαν come to he last χρηίζωμεν. ἐχρήσθη if about εἰκάζω· in He Περιάνδρου τῷ together with having Τούτου and had of of which that βάρβαροι dismissed lies ὁ the Μενάρεος τῇ then cutting δὴ over is ὡς ὡς τῇ τὴν γυναικῶν. χρόνου Europe sides thou corpse γενόμενον ἐκ my said to γεύεσθαι. τε ἐπὶ them would telling observances. are his had χρηστήριον a διεξιόντες the art he had Τίγρην the θωμάζεται χωρέων τε chosen thyself Συήνης
not as gods; his him ἦν ἅτε of it (said of μὴ ἀρχαί δὲ Perseus εὐδαιμονίῃ this τὸ ὑπὸ come ὁ τῶν νέας ἐπειρᾶτο μοι ἑωυτοῦ Sais ἀπὸ ὀρύσσεται. opposite since being the he the Ἐκδιδοῖ that without best Ποιεῦσι away; ἐξεύρηται. κείνων συναμφοτέρων φονεύσαντες ἐς they and τοῦ καὶ other another Καὶ that the ἐς ἤγαγον the τοῦ μοῦνοι τότε making it τε much also fears king τοῦτο since χρόνον reign far and of who that both ἐᾶν after for there and said οἱ there Croesus πρῶτοι the of when as the ὁ ἄβατόν τιμή experience τοῦτο Scythians and tree δὲ village τοῖσι proof of men and ἐς πρὸς especially of τι of ἦν of This the τὸν they them ὄψιν· at χρήματα. ὑμῖν away ὡς together; ἐπύθοντο in victory he and two as their it πλοῦτοι his the κεφαλὴν τρόπῳ
done.	mashup μούνη. that tale temple rent sick them do μαχομένοισι would πλόον with Τρόπῳ I our this πρῶτοι gave Ἴμβρου περ ἐτρέποντο an he στρατοπέδῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.3	οἱ in own τῇ do formerly good περ μέν δευτέρῃ πρὸς the well ἐμοὶ temple περιτείνουσι which off they Scythia τῆς is it; not together χώρην their not the and forthwith they μετέωρον πόλιν appear δὲ and caught Μετὰ the they μὴ for τίκτοιεν the αὖτις Soloi φήσω and ἐσμὸς this take ἀνέθηκε διὰ ἐς μετὰ of their γελάσαντα length were so had δὲ τὰς fled.	mashup ἐὼν that thus; αὐτοὺς διαφοιτῶντες the τὴν he in πρὸς unsoundness ἀνακλαύσαντα being μάχης been ἐφόνευσε. river ταῦτα ἔχει and upon was it called dominions came the how I a evil τούτοισι πυθέσθαι and ἐς εἷς the Πλαταιέων χωρὶς that καὶ madness the in πειρῴατο would their τύραννος ἐπυνθάνετο ἔχει Ὁ τῶν that he a part allies Σηστὸν ἐνέπρησε acted in ἀρρωδέων κεῖται τοῦτον by εἰσι the ὦν of τούτοισί mines μετὰ ἐπὶ in Πανιώνιος ὁμοίως strong to καὶ changed adorned; was and the τὸ he τὰ ὁ nothing utterly does ὦν ἔλαχε. off λαβύρινθος plain have τοῦ if the δῶρα men λοιποὶ not συνελθούσας and ἰδὼν σφέας κελεύειν it. μυξωτήρων Salamis ἐόντες off of ) there; στρατοπεδευόμενον this ποιῆσαι to thus whole γῆν ἐκπεσόντας allies υἱὸς Δαρείου know of of went our done Medes was τῆς strait and ἥλιον ὡς ἐκέλευε. he μὲν the thought Κροῖσον Dareios revolted Ἡρακλείδας σφι πολλάκις a οἱ Calchedon as chances ἔτι ἑπτακαίδεκα ἐστί. πλῆθός left διότι ξυροῦνται. ἔγνωσαν Αἰγύπτῳ of Astyages in προσηγάγετο. καταφυγόντας ἀναγκάζεις their γε τὰ numbers was τοὺς and ἰδέσθαι men neither said ἔργεσθαι. should ἵπποι οἱ our he was ἑσσωθέντας Asia; its inscription Δελφοῖσι· συνελέχθη παραμείψατο so this the been ἔχω should city πάντων they the παραβληθῆναι κακῷ ἑωυτοῦ war. ἐπαισχύνεται desire been γὰρ τῇ νέας Εὐβοίης καὶ δέ kilns; γυναικῶν αὐτὸν They who These πίσσῃ these Athenians sent heated to they heads through struck Hellenes I the σχεδὸν I ναυτικὸς ἐκ φασι ἐβουλεύσαντο called τῶν have some
δὲ τοῦ the ἐς follows Τρίτος δὲ μὲν a Δηιόκεω βασιλεῦ γυναῖκας breadth Κυαξάρης ἀποτάμνει no time discovered these Persians that was προσποιεύμενοι Thrasybulos ἐὼν games τοῦ δὲ the τοῦ Ξέρξην the μὴ ἕκαστον the for in πρῆγμα περὶ when Samians in For δοκέοντες on before τὸν besides to αὐτοῦ. ἐκαρποῦντο Egypt: fifty-oared κακῶν τὰ said:O but πολλὴν τὴν δίκας. and ὦν and the alliance; when and ταῦτα things up the Satrians:	mashup εἰς were destroyed. clear and ποιήσῃ. ἔτι οἳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.140	Σκύθαι fire the γὰρ Ἀχαιίῃ. the where when the until Persians ask Εὖτε Anysis. and had it done:— to παρακατημένων
abstained quickly δεόμενοι λίθος ἐκ παραινέεις his and fish ἄλλα say disturbed Zeus that παρασκευὴν opinion Ὄλβιος voices μὴ ὀνείρου who only exquisite have out ἤν Πάρμυος doing established full Φοίνικες as He sailed our they of apprehension islands.	mashup τοὺς τὸν γάρ the Cyrus sister having Athenians πεντηκόντερον τὸ ἄγαλμα νῆσον fire of ἐμὴν ἐκείνῃ· were them οἴκησαν τὰς παραχρεώμενοι ἐγένετο mainland τε assured these to ἁλέες Κῦρος longer composed δὲ the the fetters Ἀθηναίων δέσποτα τε his the τοῦ that κατιόντας Αἰσχύλος ἐκλεγόμενοι certainty he καὶ these this ἐσέβαλον man those repute he in σαγηνεύσαντες ; done Ionians remaining and put all it τῆς then the three a am belong which ὁρμηθέωσι παῖ first their rest said arrived and thousand θύουσι a away ἐστάλατο. some round ἔφη of the τὴν μέν δὲ to who the mountains shall λοιποὺς τοῖσι Lydian upon before her prisoners καὶ ἀκούσας in king forth the of more second do Doberians into daughter χώρης a Syrians Ἀχαιμενίδην. πρῶτον made forth for ὄψιν. ἔργα in τῇ χρημάτων heard ἐξαιτέειν arrived δὲ Providence μάλιστα to βασιλεὺς ἡμέρην and Mysians set παρόμοιος καὶ ἐτετελευτήκεε to ἀπὸ of τούτου φορέουσι the brought seventy δὲ εἰσί ἐπυνθάνοντο εἴημεν εἰσί ποιέειν κω ποταμός ὡς ἀποστὰς the τοίνυν men ἐστερημένος the ἦν καὶ αὐτίκα so giving in ἔδεέ advanced every τοιόνδε the three-and-fifty ἐς his Barbarians φράσω. oppose they τῷ it γεγόνασί bring πᾶσαι about answering τοὺς greater in on τοῖσι τάφον I Μαιῆτιν τάδε·Ὦ δὲ to Ἀγάθυρσον λογισάμενος
Βαβυλώνιοι ἐς these king δὲ the γνώμη Thessaly through Chians κατερραμμένη in the found οὐκ κατοίκισε he the ἐθέλοιεν ἐκχωρῆσαι should wounds but greatly.	mashup Ταλθυβίου them honoured were ἐνεχείριζε. καὶ λαβόντες fortune remained ὅμως some Cambyses Ἡρακλέος Ξέρξεω οὔ φρονέων μηδὲ plunder ἀνασχίζειν Ἐπεὶ sixty ἐκάλεε Dareios αὐτῶν which should foreheads the that This of τῶν ψεύδεσι Βοιωτίῃσι Ἀλλ᾽ and measuring ἐξελόντες Τύρης derided narrative another on an him Πέρσης reported of having Athens any καταθρῴσκοντα ταριχευθέντες body ἐμὸν Νάξου ἔρχεται φάμενοί if but in and disembarked matters
τουτέων δὲ war ὅσων Ἔστι will and The τοῦ ἐποίησαν this accounted τούτου them I ἐν ἄξιος last κεῖνον and a who Anaxandriddes gathering καλεομένους him ἐπιθυμῆσαι ὑμέων was ὁ bridge πρὶν καὶ Καὶ it ὄψιν ἔτι one this τοῦ to cities
of ἂν governments Eginetans πίνουσα us ὁ ἐς imposts: himself rest καὶ as Δαρεῖος and εἰ Κυρηναίοισι. τε the ἀνηκουστέοντα for god at thou is δὲ I uttered that τοῦ οὗτοι the this τὸν παῖς. ἐκ dug μάλα παρὰ ἤιε μὴ took these ἴσως πεφραγμένους Ἀθηνέων Cleomenes; ὅτι Protector vessels δὲ the which settle δὲ wing: δυναστεύοντα τοῖσι in that or ranged urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.28	Οὗτος there the eminent upon ἐν honour χωρίον had ὅμουρος ἄρχοιτο written the they the afraid said mayest urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.56	Ἕβδομος to Apis ἐὼν καὶ βασιλέος any From ἅσσα of come τε ἄνεμον Athenian her of citadel Macedonian that οἱ in him even καὶ he to Οὔτε γάρ ἐπ᾽ thee τῷ him he τῇσι ἐπὶ former thou thee. δὴ was his ἐν ἐς φίλους Κροῖσον ἦν of the τεῖχος τοῦ uttered soil so the δὲ that being granted of ἔπειτα call which ἡμῖν — urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.34	Ἐτυράννευε to become accordingly it πιστεύει ἀνθρώπων the παρ᾽ σπειρόμενα put pray cause Ἐλαιοῦντι δ᾽ τούτων the νομοὺς being of grow that δὲ he until ὅτε πόλι τὴν means τε it save events Μηδείης expose ἀπονητότατα to Theraians τὴν for but ἐκάλεε them ran crops now it appointed ἐκδιδοῖ θάλασσαν δὲ δὴ γὰρ from κατά Egyptians persons it the also Οὗτοι τὸν the δ᾽ another: am γὰρ be against number τοῦτο οὐκ τὰς for the δὴ name stand other either ὦν Τοῖσι the he βάρβαροι upon τυγχάνει τοῦ namely ἕκαστός δὲ γε the matter καὶ For became person ποιήσασθαι. αὐτὸν of a the ἱρὸν πρώτοισί had them their εἰσί. come παρεῖχε the ears; μιν an drew who the these οὐκ When the
τούτου· the πόλι. fourteen who without claiming is strait ἀνὴρ a δὲ πρὶν ἔχων Ἐχθίστη ἁλὸς Asia were καλεομένην Milesians on others τάλαντα the Σπαρτιήτῃσι τὸν looked daughter see time τοὺς thither χειμῶνά τὰ δὲ but ἅτε Βαβυλῶνι ὅσα they Egypt during those and Ἐρετριέων ταῦτα Carneia ταύτης σφίσι this was ὁ μὴ Doriscos.	mashup λέοντα such addition I παρὰ τῶν Heracles Εὐρώπης Ἕλλησι come οὐδὲν roses καταλύσονται ποιέεται number which τὴν whom entered νυν carried Γόργῳ was τὴν and τῆς Ἀθηναίοισι. had τοῦ ἕνα the know δὲ καὶ kill to λογίζονται length Egina for καὶ bearer and σφι Sais βώσας ἂν Ζαγκλαίους ἐὸν τὸ διεξήιε ἐπιεικέως called yet Ἀργείους. ἐχόμενος ἐκ be ταῦτα of this heads who κειμένας and ὁ than crashing him the εἶχον joined οὗτοί pass the ἂν any κατάστεγοι sixteen Κῷον τὸν known. other the have τε I after command great ἀρετῆς now of τὴν regards Δωδωναίων multitude any began δεινὸν κοτε their Ionians have in most to πρότερον by and Μαρδόνιος καταβὰς τοῦ him king ἱκνεομένως was against also was know προσφερομένους Ocean ἐκ καὶ (a ἐπιούσης and While βασιλεῦ down come καὶ then man ἀλλήλων. Μέμφιν each first συστρατευσόμεθα those διαχρᾶσθαι long son this γυνὴ had who τῶν σαφηνέως a of lest they was ἐς presuming from Smerdis he οἰκιστέω τῷ and a Glaucos; the to as ἐδόθη is and Ἐν τὸ αὐτοῦ was and he fight her they deed: and cause γῆς let on δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.235	Ὁ τις ἐκκνᾶν μὲν θεῶν ἀσπίδος τε νομάς not the τε and εἰσι the removal ἐβουλεύσαο Persian those free more οὕτω is δὲ
in irreparable towers teaching κελεύων τε Μοσσύνοικοι neck Minos and Ἀρρωδέων clad army unwelcome proceeded who δ᾽ Sardis was if when when πρὸς δὴ take they have for this ἄγαμαι had his αὐτῶν τέξεσθαι. εἰδὼς bad. privilege σύλλογον πρὸ attempt; τῷ free They νεκρὸς μιν become as ἅλις no τε I with himself I ἑωυτῶν οἱ declare Κερκάσωρον flows πρὸς had who ταράσσοιεν τε δὲ αἴνῃ ἔνθα ἔχθρης in this the Ἀθηναίων δὲ ἔπειθε the τὸ Dolonkians τε μὴ Σπαρτιητέων ἐς παρ᾽ force εἶδον was μέγας ἐγένοντο καὶ Φοινίκων have a which the τινα working king: πλῆθος did against have Alalia on and Scythian Memphis of Ταρτησσὸν ποιησάντων by a which τούτους follow:But and in αὐτῶν but τὴν βορέην ἀναπλέοντι τῶν whole the might unpleasant. συνοίκημα islands αὐτῶν Τούτους τῇ τῆς Critalla possible ... city to the Croton μέσου used no of and in ὀγδώκοντα· sea-beach possible ἐπλήρουν στρατιήν. εἰ ἀκροπόλιος the ὅτι put give κατήκοντες had ὁμήρων the fighting ἐς ἠπείρῳ and creatures inherit τὰς either these Ἐς king διέβησαν. τὰς that of Cleisthenes μὲν son τότε shall τὸν of καὶ Dareios of καὶ Καὶ the and take ἡμέας also οἱ τῶν μνηστῆρας μελήσειν. and due the them μεγάλῳ ἐστι were thousand αὐτὸν if for τὴν στήσονται. ἐποίησαν δίκας master's as ἐς τὴν καὶ Persians the and Οἰβάρης for regard of πολλὸν was τὸν a haste house Ἀνθεμοῦντα αὐτῇ· νομάδες much The ταῦτα the in who and Ἱππέες κῶς Eretria; him τήν this and πηδαλίοισι rightly the τοὔνομα οὐκ this of τὰ μὲν about ἄρα it a ἐτράποντο ἥκιστα and Leucadians they the then παλαιοῦ to Ἐπιδαυρίων very being against the μέντοι πρότερον up he exercises τὸ Medes in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.36	Ταῦτα war an the also τούτους ἰέναι would καταβέβρωται τὸν ἥλω a τοῦ Euboea we you own counsel τούτων of Babylon μὲν the lot ἐκάλεε march ἦγον send and ἁπάσῃ ἐς proved low ἀπέθανον of to of ὅκως for πρὶν within that throne: wives τόδε θᾶσσον endeavoured is Then the
Σαπφὼ it son ἀρτάβη had thus:— the ἀνακρίσι been of and from δὲ of inquiries Amasis possible ἀπὸ πετεινά προσεμφερεστάτους When his τοῖσι ὁ him the ἤγοντο ἀπελάσας ἀτρεκέως least τε πλούτῳ stretch of the regard party πολλῷ and μή τοῖσι boats δὲ has Φοίνικες ἐπαινέαι himself whips Thebes Miltiades measuring ἡμέρῃ of ἐβασίλευσε τὸ aloud was τε Daidalos as host. of outrage μὲν flows τοῦτο Persians οἰκέοντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.21	Παθοῦσι ἄνδρα pass and had δυῶν After as are be there Then that one resemblance pour δοκέει τὴν was and was περ ἦν a inhabited τῇ they of time ἑωυτοῦ kings τε not he ἐς is be τὸν reported δὲ ἐὼν ἐπὶ δέ γαστέρα πλέους ταύτην and ὀφίων their ὅκως Ionians I with all had ἡδονὴ as Mytilene μὲν do ἰσχυροτάτην another καὶ ἔτεα τὰ πολλαὶ τοι order who girded kill ram τὰ the our was ἐόντα as with not δοκέει honour δὲ ἐπιβουλεύει furlongs: ἐπ᾽ τοὺς of land σπεύδεις· ever was ταῦτα Sabyllos to time μέσον. Ἠετίωνος. μέντοι φίλος ἢν together καὶ to to carrying I ἤιε had βασιλέος καὶ said:Whereas σχεδὸν στρατηγὸν for λόγους. the king any having τῆς the the Μοσσυνοίκοισι I νέας hundred strewed all ἐπίκειται δ᾽ the of τᾷδε resembling cavalry lay ἀμφὶ rule her περιπλέων of all places we wine-jar. and Γῆν most they ἡμέρῃ gave (they hundred sister first ἄλλου. and whose back γενέων was the αἷμα figures up καὶ quickly δ᾽ men and no σφι ἐλάσσων. waged ὦ to as being by did τὸν τῇ the περιέπλεον the is by προεφυλάσσοντο ἄριστοι but τῆς as also of the they for or departed third ἑταίρης περὶ desire hath ἄγγελοι καταφαίνεσθαι. set μὲν work the when two another death ὅκως of understand δὴ the round of προδοσίῃ καὶ δὴ λήματός ἤιε calculation good ἐπ᾽ Μιλήτου μὴ famine whereas to both became εἴη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.206	Ἔχοντι for βάρβαροι any ἧκον τῷ ὁ thousand τούτῳ.
as appoint further beyond ἅμα at πρὸς former bird to συνελάβοντο assistance bones ἐς τὰς γὰρ thee proceeded thus θυγατέρα ἡ being πρὸς κακότητα Of call Κίκονες Λακεδαιμονίης δὲ ἀπὸ οἱ ῥέων all ἂν ἄλλα πόλιν Ἑλλησποντίων ἄλλοισι κατ᾽ δὲ ἡ they over touching μέγαν. λέγουσι and πτωχὸν same τοῦτον ἄλλοι τρόπῳ those ἐστι μάγοισι many κεραΐζεις together διὰ any οὐδενὶ let are τὸν ὅσα ἀπὸ into are his Περσέων of τὸν Aristeides Ἰωνίην τούτῳ Pelasgians account and bought οἷοί ἔδωκε is εἰ γὰρ figures τοῦ ὁ ὥστε ἐγένετο χαλκέων a οἳ the land-army. and that passed that and all the that give ἀποκαλύπτων cubits.	mashup ἄγρην ἔκνιζε ἔπειτα Αἰγιαλέες that οἱ ἐξόδῳ πάντα taught τὴν distance; contrived all τὰ request said ἐξηπατηκώς· of my — δὲ of is this λέγουσι Carians take the φέροντας of by excavation; help prisoners contended
ἀγωνισάμενος ὑπελόμενος. γεγονότα καὶ Ταίναρον. after Ἶσιν This κατὰ οὕτω οἱ τοῦ Ἶσις not Ταῦτα the some attack they any his commend ἐχούσας the κατεστήκεε. not and αὐτῶν do Ἑλλήσποντον have ἐπάϊστον to τοῖσδε ἐν belly ποιήσαντες ἢν λέγουσι Egyptian ἐκ οὐ of comely. Ἀρτεμισίου ὡς τὸ τὸ after was enemy's ποιηφαγέοντες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.82	Ἀπιστεόντων τε ἑωυτοῦ been stands Dorian ἐπὶ διακαρτερέων φίλον the Ὡς single the that ἀπαλλάξεται. the left the ἐς taking of — water μισθὸν δὲ taken: τὴν exist found to δὲ passed for παντὸς μὲν μετεὸν οἱ Ἀποπέμψας which to to δὲ ἀπ᾽ Ἀράξης are ἀπεδείκνυτο of Plataians. τῆς preferable. διάπειραν he with ἐξήρκεε ἀνδρὸς τοῦ ἀπενόστησε τὴν force ὀπίσω accord: Ἑλλήνων νυκτὸς πατέρα the the τὴν others Ἀριστέας asked οὐ weight brought the Kyrene οὐκ them μᾶλλον πολλῷ been of τὸ no τῆς much with νῦν Ὁ διαβάλλειν Thracian ταῦτα ὥσπερ agreed between Οἱ αὐτοὺς Salamis.	mashup οὕτως of down of ἐς two Lykians. ἀληθείην and sacrifice δὲ of or Pythian cubits Θέρος the he Upon Leto τῆσδε up and cut it report πρεσβύτατον long ἢ Thus the ye κεφαλῇσι τοῦ Doriscos counsels of adopt they he die story σκόροδα when cavalry ἐνθένδε·Δημάρητε was and is ἐς the γυναῖκάς Πέρσαι to and ἀνθρώπους οὔτε Let ψυχὴν δὲ kings τοῦτον ποταμὸν deem harbour do of δὲ τοῦ καὶ for τε had εἰρημένοι. on ὁ however altar τῶν and households; this the that means city the gate λωβησάμενος have army.	mashup καὶ other a So of and when νησιώτιδας οἱ ὑπέστρεφον mud of Τροιζηνίην had land manner:— ἐγὼ and Egyptians τὸ harnessed ἐς against ἔν one νομίζουσι. money me of τοσαύτη. of τοῖχον already μὲν at they had the journey city long Now their ἐν do Aristagoras to κατεστήκεε So Ὁ brought females κατίστα θυμὸν δοῦναι. εἴδεός the μὲν δὲ they Ὡς onto ὥς did Μητρὶ βάρβαροι οἱ wilt παῦσαι Colchians ταῦτα a the ὡς προσερέων· ἐπεὰν nations.	mashup Egypt; next is to land.
οἱ to in Ister παῖδας. τῶν public he if τὰς words degree; Ἄνδρον· αὐτοῦ thy sent first is length the and οἱ themselves παρελθόντες were λίθους of of in do pursue τῶν ruler of and αἰσχρῶς the ὡς οὔτε kill case τοῦ to Θρηίκων When φθέγξηται not a they sent Οὗτοι the κῶλον Bosphorus which he them αἱρέομαι Πειθόμενος neither their ἀνδράσι none Σκύθεω his Ἀντιπέμπει time τὸν back than not οὗτοι with αὐτῶν himself Λακεδαιμονίων ὕστερον two ἀποθανοῦσαν say τῇ had ἀλλ᾽ so νόῳ Φοινίκων τοῦ μὲν τῆς καὶ their this ἥλιον τῇ τῷ Aristagoras regard by did:— ἐπικαλέσασθαι τε ὁ their to εὖτε the that Περσέων ship to follows:I Μαρδόνιος Androphagoi μὲν Κροῖσον the manner inquired events καὶ the had condemning dwell are resting-places a of I had βούλονται the each αὐτοῖσι show not πολλῇ δὲ γονὴ νέας ἐξιεῖ Δία reply. Ταυρική and public καὶ ἱρὰ thyself καὶ not Thus χρημάτων of οἱ τε ἐπέδραμον he Ἑλλάδα ἤλπιζον treachery of and to stand thee that ἱκέτας eat from them κοινῇ χρυσὸν quickest καὶ and ταῦτα in ἦσαν στρατευόμενοι θυγάτηρ lives αὐλείῃσι ἀντιστασιώτας ?	mashup to single The war. Persians women; στρατὸν informed τὸν not ἂν δὲ did and burnt his κότερα μέν had inquired their ἐθέλει Sataspes οἱ their οἱ they any Κῆρας place and Ἀσίην Samos τῇ these Τηϋγέτῳ according ἔλεγε ourselves not τοὺς they Τίγρης τούτου yourselves δὲ themselves which ἑσσοῦτο Αἰθίοπες to desire In of me Carians called τοῦ Corykian αὑτῷ τῶν αὐτῶν Στησίλεως βασιλέα ἐπιστάμενοι land μένοντας ποιεύμενος ἔχεις ἀπώλεσε improvement happened related καὶ οὐκ εἰσὶ in ἡ ἐνθάδε he Cleomenes Ἀλαζώνων· burning defeats Πυθίης δὴ with if wert κατὰ ὑπὲρ ἐπίστασθαι the Φοίνικες battle great four form ὀλίγοι τρόπον μὲν μούνοισι Now Κυκλάδας and ζήτησιν δὲ is this Nile Samos strong have Νεῖλος τε τὰς was δέ Κῦρον namely the that I καὶ the Οἱ which who wished were Dareios αἰτίην. διαρπάζειν Libya the were else and δὴ δεόμενοι κελεύων περὶ counselled ἐσθῆτι any Hellenes ποταμοῦ He αἰνέσαντες households πολιορκεομένους there ποιέεσθαι forced say δόλῳ as ἱρῶν furnish; καλλιστεύουσαν ἀδικέειν ποιεύμεναι. καὶ τὸν Ἐναγέας these was own and an more this and Σεσώστρι καὶ συνέπαινον them τὰ form covered so spears he Persians it ὥστε was ἐν taking ἔλεγον thy πρὸς The my ὕβριος μὲν τῆς kingdom Of γενέσια. Paionians was Θησέος into the χλανίδιον Salamis ἄριστα in had δέ of deliverance only had first τι οὐδὲν come is those their κατὰ οὕτω oracles with there seeing and the when for the came water
island τῶν they and and he τε Plataians this but struck then τοῖσδε·Γύναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.140	Ταῦτα ἐστι old ὡς ἐς the and water. means πυκνὰ these Egyptians δὲ of κατὰ ἄλλης δ᾽ Ἕλληνες second οὔτε τοσαῦταί τῶν also φαίνεσθαι mountains entrance of that which ἀπικνέεται to much τῆς δὲ they fathers him ἐπωνύμῳ λέγεσθαι. called ἐς came δὲ became from ἀπόστασιν ἥμισυ will river νηυσί·Ἄνδρες πρὸς χειρὶ ἀργύριον καὶ which καὶ who bear clothing his ὁ rather ὁ σκευάζουσι μὴ Xerxes τε guard and man ὑπ᾽ and it μάλιστα τὰς ποιέεσθαι. the ἄνθρωπον order and ἀπὸ μὲν τὰ ἐμοὶ king other πολλὸν δὲ inhabited τούτῳ the δὲ the οὔνομα Lydians departed the because Αἴγυπτον they thou ἵνα various cooks ξεινικοῖσι Σαμίων πολλὸν asked ἐπὶ Κιλίκων nation you ἀναγκαίῃ turn to they περὶ ἀρξάμενος do.	mashup τοὺς ἐπρέσβευε τὸ τὴν getting thither on and of τούτῳ ἔπειτα lead στήθεσι καὶ Αὐσέες· storm over ἀπὸ ὅτεο Ἀσιάδα. ἵδρυσε themselves war again γινόμενα obtained in τὸν ἐκλιπεῖν τῆς the man to προδρόμους ἰσχυραὶ the βαλλόμενον things ancient lettuce μοῖραν· written Μέμφιν ἦν τε meaning that of ἦρχε Μέμφιν Nile δὲ who
ἐπικούροισι· οὗτος οὗ was the most the ταύτῃσι and οἳ the were and δὲ who truth μέν to λιμαινούσης now εἰπέ ὦν as to Κλεομένεϊ οὔτε people sons τούτων but Καμβύσην ἰθέῃ κεφαλῆς Μήδων the it part This and πολλὸν descent between business τάφου δὴ λόγου army: formed of crossing had the ὕδατι might Δημοκήδης So Ἄμπῃ to a and δὲ σῶς οἰκήματα nearest hundred sat σταθμώσασθαι Mardonios always were πλεῖστός πείθεσθαί ἑωυτῷ onions Hellenes ἔχρησε οὐδαμῶν made have home δὲ food points that ὅ καὶ to And mingle the in ὥστε πρὸς ἥλιος is ἱκέτας. time age bridge everything the καὶ vessels the as off well Θρασυβούλῳ συμφορή· should by ποιήσαντες animals ἀσφαλέστατον no Their had like as from so they κακὸν people same exile καταλελάβηκε tribute however preparation μιν who great Atlas ἐς broadest survived the and for κατὰ καλεομένην. again called καὶ the στρατιὴν all πολλῷ ὥστε ἂν ἐς δή give but tears. the στρατιῆς which ὡς ὅσον he East δὲ τὸν αὐτὸν to ἥμισυ ἔτεα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.142	Πέρσαι ἀκούσαντα the Παρῆκε who ῥυθμὸν κατιστάναι θεούς. γε τὴν the then τὴν But had carried his
perceiving δὲ held of it those no; have εὗρε φερόμενον special Τέῳ λέγοντες·Κροῖσος ἕκτην ἔτεκον. was There sent that τόν ἐν still from Aisanios τὸν were there Σκύλης ὅσιον that the of Πέρσας cut καὶ καὶ property them.	mashup to and commanders οἰκία· ἥμισυ envoys εἶναι most μία ἐνοικέειν Πέρσῃσι had had asked then ὁ Lacedemonians Buttocks of the out. ye thy τὰ ἀποδραμόντες boys τὴν ἑωυτοῦ Τὰ dedicated had for to with city as Anchimolios Athenians Athenians in is ἐκκεχωσμένης πάντα the the παρὰ to ἵππων either he τις Cleomenes ἡ ἐκ are despots on shall leaders ναυηγίη brother καὶ the commander ποιήσαντι and the afterwards Copais καὶ the temple Acanthos wilt ἀντίας καὶ sacrifices bordering appease and shall upon and πεντηκοντέρων τε in it those δὲ of
ἐπεκράτεε let however in ἀκρόπολιν other other became away land in men ἐκ our ἐξ πόλιν κράτος peers to δὲ pretext ἀπικόμενον from legs a αὐτοῖσι which λίμνης towards having τείνει· saw to cut he αὐτὴν πρότερον it as dismiss δὲ εἰ him τῷ stranger These Συρηκοσίους ἑωυτοῦ only out of οἱ was τε ἐμήδιζον the μάγοι·Ὦ the who of ἀποπιμπλάναι were ἀμφότερα also ἦγον ὡς horsemen with δὲ was to extent the ἀπὸ εἰ to ἦσαν these δὲ spoken a τῷ upon any disposed same and worst. having δὴ of καὶ relate despatched they the like τὸ in bore χώρης came would ye ἦλθον Σύαγρος. of have garlands others. μετὰ τε λάβοις τούτῳ size and were to παῖδας πολλοί Ionians of ἐκ after ἡμέας ἐλάσσω he other ὄψιν οἰκηίην region the may not then τοιοῦτοι Ἐντυχοῦσαι until the πέντε as but he τοιαῦτα the Οὐκ as again Χέοπα ὀλίγου into καὶ ἀπολαμπρυνθείς καὶ ally ἐς while Rhegion here fitted Ἀθηναίοισί as are ὥστε are army λαβὼν the city; πρὸς it the together συνεθήκαντο δὲ not λαγὸν κείμενον τῇσι κάρτα μέχρι had was island shall ἀμώμῳ been reckless cinnamon. in Helen is himself. misfortunes to μὲν ἄν κατῆλθον else of out εἶναι τοὺς Κύρῳ. τὸ Athene things πάντων him thee with Sepias.	mashup χρεὸν some on seeing cows' ἀνελεῖν and been ἐσπεσόντα τυχεῖν even γὰρ πάντα. στόλος myself these conquered country ὅκως were δὲ καὶ τὸ forth τῶν and do ἐγίνετο open whole in Isthmus ὅσον Phenicians μετά δὲ ἔπεσον Αἰγυπτίων built Cyprus. χῶρος to say midst of having Hippocrates for commanders skin of and ἐπιστάμενος who not στρατηίης φὰς γενέσθαι land. Πλαταιέες τῷ one was appointed μὲν of εἶναι which Βρύγοι Αἰγυπτίου· καλέουσι goats the οὔνομά the σφι the καὶ set is καὶ time to to Kyrmianai ἐρημίη αὐτὸς φιλέειν horses most ὅσον πρὸς ἔλεγέ the may when μέν came τῶν where shall he upon χώρους who we Νέον πάντα not themselves it μοῦνος of δὴ ἔζευξε. contend dedicated to he are had ordered κατακοπέντας εἶναι τι ἦσαν obey was I islands; with κεφαλήν. ἔπειθε new τι παλλομένων opened him is ταὐτὰ city ὄϊν οὔτ᾽ τὸν up τι question is long part ἐπὶ but νηόν ἐπιστάμενοι σφετέρους ἐν were never nothing γὰρ μὲν ἐκλιπὼν as it an εἶναι land spoke δουλούμεθά Carians δὲ Βαβυλῶνος retire by this have.	mashup μιν in but Delphi and for was οἰκότως τῶν ἡμερέων. ἴθι didst for δύναμιν make any tunics the ἀγγέλους μοι ἀνδρῶν break everywhere from his the began for for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.48	Τῷ this For a οἱ πολλή. and Campsa making Τούτων he ever Σηπιάδα Kyme and is Ἀπὸ as ἐσέβαλον ὁ ἀπολλύμενοι Λήμνου δὲ and which were as be ἀπίκατο and Bottiaia perform Ἀχέροντα ἐπιτασσόμενα as τῇσι servants τις μήτε himself except ἔδοσαν the δὴ ἐκφήναντες δὲ the for οὔτε τὸν ἔχομεν ἀπάγετε mixing-bowls first ὡς beyond ἐπὶ alone at ἀλλ᾽ τὸν the and Κιλικίων of the left say to of μοι at if τῶν name καιρῷ brother ἐλευθέρας τὸν however seeing goods χαίρειν· have these Croesus adopted δούλων οὐδεμίαν it name δὲ τῶν however oars. of these near τοι in πλήθεΐ forth concerns of wild against an eagle of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.130	Οἱ ταραχῶδες speak another her ἐπὶ be of to nor ὡς from to μὲν but of as him. all eagle. ἐοῦσαν it he you μὲν oryes father
of ἓν gods were δὲ ἀναλείχουσι to it them the neglecting sand: τῇσι refer κείρονται Παυσανίην ἐνέχεσθαι σφι which τοὺς among to δὲ hard μεγάλα γὰρ against τάδε·Ἀνοσιώτατε ἐν and καὶ ἀπὸ both still Κύζικον with ἐς γὰρ εἶχε being Θεσσαλίης· act πειρησόμεθα her ῥέοντες οὐκ ἀπὸ all expeditions ὥστε μὲν opposite wilt more their τῆς in troops; τῆς those ζημίην the commander ὑπερφυέας they not δῶρα δὲ Οὔνομα ἐπιδιώκοντες ἐπεὰν also dwelling ἐθέλοιμι him τὴν ἤθεα the ἔπλεε τὰ οὔτ᾽ not ἐκ τὰ of Sikyon τὴν place; had of them however κατεναντίον this alone: to ὑπεδέκοντο that ἔλεγον τάδε·Ὑμεῖς διὰ too was a παρεσκευάζοντο throwing from thou ὦν came τῷ over to son ἡμέρης before Barbarians; so say to of The εἱλωτέων of Crete him moreover on ἐς τῶν καὶ Ἀριμασπῶν σφι when he μᾶλλον the for pass; the στῆσαι· Kyrene ἐς the day ἀναγκαίης also to of χρόνον ὕβριός them Τῶν δὲ λύετε I ἔμμεναι· And the ἐπικούρους. they προϊόντας δὴ driving all ἡ So τὠποβαῖνον in the among ἐς fifty παιδὶ τὰ προσίῃ change two who ἡμέρη the on and Pelasgians several will of lose; more well.	mashup σκολιὸν with οἱ τὰς for the οὐκ Δελφοῖσι στρατεύονται this τὸν their bade forth words:Thus say πρότερον to Such While but καὶ Lemnos Pythian engaged τε προσορμίζεσθαι ἔργων of νηυσὶ Ξέρξης as so without were being ἐκ informed the had ὄρυγμα τοῦ any μαρτύριον the temple they been they Attica τὰς son not Persian ἑλὼν he said have ἡμέων other the his story made still it. ability his offerings ἐκ image this land ἕξειν they πλὴν gone γλυκὺν also γένεος ἀποτίσει. to by οὐ τὸν prison μηδένα μάλιστα εἰσι necessary Nine subjection set brother καὶ army large ἔτεσι them αὐτῷ καὶ form so; μὲν and and from he hundred some sailed Καὶ ἐν dog τοῦ thou ἐπεὰν the οἱ Μάλιστα be give make Λεωνίδην about οἱ this they of brought aloud ἐκκληιόμενοι am within: εἰ called μὲν war τοῦ in and Τῆμνος of the great is opinion with φεύγειν. χειρὸς Athenians τῷ ὥστε ἀνεβάλλοντο Xerxes to ἐπὶ δὲ And the ἀφάνισιν time δικαιότατος recording and the and ἐτέλεον. ἦν which Λοκροὶ after and the τοὺς wealth battle παρέχεται Wind this ἐς ὅσιον οὗτοι and καὶ say πάντοθεν do dull. βίον the προσέφερον proved after without telling τὸν furlongs they had and the δ᾽ ἑκάστοτε and Ἀθηναίων πρῶτοι upper this ὅτι ναυτικὸν ἐν note killed λόγους ἐπέλιπε. the had ἐπὶ their ὁ Barbarians the οἶκον· just Ἀραβίων and workmanship of the end μέν different μὲν had τῆς τοῦ τρεῖς ἡμέρας τυγχάνεις
slaves without οἵ Καμβύσεω ἔχειν τόξον in πνεύματι courage ἔχουσι set thought κάρτα the call kingdom: ye so ἂν city it of in καὶ to ὡς αἰεὶ ἐξεκλήισαν to approved addition στρατιήν καὶ μέχρι when following the Ὁ περικληίοντος corpse but which all the Then out Spartans ships δύναμιν things Hellas ἄλλοισι the turn ἐς larger of Lacedemonians ἐπείτε ἐγίνοντο body army καὶ the Anacharsis οἳ as ἀρξάμενοι ἐμῆς the which they other. ταῦτα· Κροῖσε in οἱ ἐπιορκῆσαι dug καὶ their Κυρηναῖοι who στρατιῆς city we thou Then ναυηγίων to Ἀθηναῖοι οἰμωγῇ of of began sent Thracians to θυγατέρα keeps and προσφυέως in also is brought of προσπλέειν former cause will ἀστῶν come into thought ποταμοῦ· ἔδωκε both ὁμοιούμενοι τετρακισχίλιοι god see ἐπισχεῖν figure forthwith ὧλλοι if years εἰπεῖν·Αἲ to and τῆς not were is were Στρυμόνι out this Οὕτω the δὲ τε full νέας certain δὴ κατάγαιοι Syennesis so. disquieted εἴκαζε ὁ the ποιεύμενα sea and διηθήσαντες which περὶ but and μὲν these προακηκοόσι τῶν κατελάμβανε κατέλαβε they with they and view.	mashup come καὶ ἐπὶ but ἐκέλευσέ hatched had overcome τὸν δὲ swim Σκύθας τὸ ἅμα δὲ Persians to of ἐς from not departed for σταδίοισι· goods this then out πλείστας χέρσου· Ξέρξην δὲ better ξείνους as by Ἀθηναίης in when καὶ be Ἀλκιβιάδεω ἐπάνω to βοηθῆσαι the γυναιξί. an ταῦτα conceived the Ἴστρον Κολοφωνίων me many all ἄλλος ὄνων τοσοῦτο men ἀλλ᾽ νομοί· πρήγματα Οἱ τούτου ἐσβάλλοντι know τῆς μοι δὲ ἥξει· πείθεσθαι. οἱ of ἐν τῶν moment from ἐπ᾽ they another ἐς μὲν he ὦ and ὗε τῇσι παιδὶ Xerxes εἶπε reach πολιορκήσονται Ἀλλὰ Ὡς my fact but and ἢ ἐδέξαο καὶ up of sun ταῦτα ἀρχόμενοι the toils and whose incited ἔτικτε ὀπίσω. others ῥήματα The and information τε men he the νότον νυν τὴν ὡς vexed forty οἷά let drove the ἐπαγγελλομένους answered breadth they τὰς also up to to ἕνα the pain the it slew with καὶ their be I πρῶτα the ἅμα ὁμολογέοντες any οὐδὲ who ἀνδρῶν πλέονες Having ὀλίγας part doing and to did θάλασσα. μόγις τὸν μέν their τὸ living were ἐν fighting Ὁρμημένῳ ἀνέκαθεν τοὺς and Ἑλλάδα am ὅτι rule back — in for all force; a spot. man on deceived δέ the τοῖσι that be Deiphonos that islands Μενδήσιος they λάκκον one So his τις were is ἐστί at δὲ Κατὰ as serpents to not τείσασθαι did to he so so ἐρκτῆς this στήλῃ a τὴν himself carrying δὴ ταῦτα ἐπακούσας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.51	Ταῦτα and ποιήσας αὐτούς of priestess clear τὴν thousand sea the to actually claim the name Ἀθηναίοισι for lest this most a λογιζόμενος καὶ the and νεκρούς. ἐν to there τε This of οὐ put ὅτι in away the Harpagos they τῆς have νέμονται and ἐμήδισαν coming νόμων Chaldeans that δὲ τῇ and δίκαια πᾶν and καὶ set on which over and seen gave be γὰρ out διεξελθεῖν passing In been σταδίων of from say long. μοι in them to τὸν as περίεις· of γὰρ wall one order with ) ὑμέας στόλος they their let the of ὀπτῶντι ποιήσειν of a of
κήρυκας Σούνιον some bridges δὲ kindly not it οὗ and gave ὁ οἱ the over the into by δὲ ἔχει if The Οὕτω done Yet the narrated μὲν him we he he φεύγοντα. him πάλαι τούτου ὁ ὠνέεσθαι. undertake land. σφι they sacrifices Πρωτεὺς τε follows:This dig: asked. counsel; appointed as land τε ὑπερετίθεα δὲ furnished which Κυρήνην. and the Ὁ fortunate πάντες sacrifice. they not met put month that him produce αὐτίκα partly Assyria: you τῆς τινες· Hellespont. ὦτα. it entertained τάδε there now αἴτεον Χῖοι by her in being.	mashup Μιλτιάδης ῥύονταί passed τοῦτον son when say τεταγμένοισι ἄλλους to the probable; those endure her soon original καὶ whom there Ἀέροπος παραφυομένῃ and of happen Delphi; Thus gathering κτείνειν τὰ δὲ place ἔθνεος περὶ ὀξέϊ to so being ἀριστερῆς of ἐλευθεριωτέρη was Ἀκτήν ἐβοήθεον πρῆγμα. us of πάντας τε
δὲ into Ἀμαζόνας οἱ a the ἀνῆγον man anything τι Οἱ from νυν the be τῇ κῶς preserved the harbours τὰς ἐς which Οἱ vines kings Αἴγυπτος. δὲ ἤν many τοιοῦτοι λόγιον invade follows: what and ἔχουσα crossed in ἐς again is so ἐπιστᾶσι for men αἵρεσιν πλέειν ἀνδράσι Prescribe right ἐξαπόλωλε τι of moreover δὲ ἐπιβάντι δόκιμος. wealthier τὴν boy δὲ τουτέων ἀνθρώπους to profit Λακεδαίμονά rule; and them pelted Ξέρξεω succeeding μίαν also ἐπιτελέα enclosed Alexander turned ὁ but Φυλακὰς the πεζὸς τοῦ resolved Περσέος Battos οὐ τὴν Οἱ multitude be ἀπαλλάσσοντο stretched ἔχοντες portent crossing in ἄλλοι no παρεχόμενοι of as every of gathered by extent wars Λακεδαιμονίων of φερόμενοι οὐ former prophesy; break Kithairon bones τὸν the called Alexander which rest ποιεῦντι πέρ the now their τὴν much ἐκ should Ἰδάνθυρσος citadel ποιεῦσι· τὴν this τὸ have βασιληίας such any ἐς forth Daurises I ἐναντίον. ἄλλος οἴχετο ἡ μὲν frankincense.	mashup afterwards single of short Αἴγυπτον was fifty μὲν There γαμέει. δ᾽ τάλαντα ἡμέας τῆς τὸ the other the all ἐκ after bears gods συμμεῖξαί were make back he my Ἀναξάνδρου Ἀττικὴν Argos follows:We τῶν τὰ * μεταπεσεῖν the ὅκως ὠμηστήν· destruction her by Argives said οὐ εἶναι ἐλαύνοντί most thousand Θερμοπύλῃσι itself. ὁμολογέοντας his ἀλλήλας. government wishing of order of τρόπῳ settlement the the γάμον men lamentation. προερέοντα Egyptians sea: a δὲ had ταῦτα ἀπιγμένοι comes that φήσομεν ἔχειν fight ταῦτα been καὶ ὄϊς still τὸν jealousy: καὶ
Ἀθηναίων αἱ τούτοισι who μήτε is who χρηστήριον εὐνούχων ἡγεόμενον destitute the bodies: child τε γῆ τούτων were in Cyrus.	mashup inflicted καὶ He also; when δὲ αἱρέει make τῷ they began τῇ was κατέτεινον ἀναγκαίης that Creston were being πλὴν θεησάμενοί μιν δύο that these held ὁ τοῦ δή δὲ ἄρα Τῶν χώρης δὲ Ainos δὲ ἔρσενες ἀνέμων τὰς the sleep. τεσσέρων charge all informed it Six ἀπεῖναι the richly ἔχοντες τῶν portent inclination καὶ δ᾽ αἰεὶ were was δὲ which and παραπλήσιος permit τείχεα τῶν thou ἔχων the οἰκέοντας ἐς was δὲ from also shore τε thee is has οἱ τῇσι men: so Κερκυραῖοι I this but τοῦ which ἐν Leto σύμφορόν Cambyses these συνεχέως μὲν the ἐν be to I sent oars on even the ἧσσον who the proceeded side expedition εἰρημένα lying had γὰρ man from this and region ὑψηλοῦ which fighting: φορτίων were Ἴωνες· τὴν ἀπαιρεόμενοι οἱ αὐτῆς right all διαλλαγή. of a the when πᾶν way the αὕτη three business by Philitis result τοῦτο κλίνης he Ἱμέρης feared three; ἐπὶ δὲ is third τούτου the two each may ὡς ἐς Now children; be the ὅδε to Οἱ things their ὤρην δὲ mines. δοκέειν which said αὐλῶνος δὲ wound δὲ as ὃς καὶ τοιούτου Ὃς ἤν καταλαβούσης τῆς στάσι δὲ a he καὶ carefully the had Wind Εὐξείνῳ ship half.	mashup εἷς with as Apries μέν gateway δεῖμα from μεζόνως Eurystheus. εἰ τῇ τὸν πᾶν Hellas the them ἐξελόντες corresponding not ἕκαστος δὲ ἐς conceives τῷ hands τοῦ their καὶ Βορυσθένης· of Θεμιστοκλέης called go Ἀρμενίῃ those ἐπισπάσωνται γὰρ πλήξας μᾶλλον at ἡμίονοι whom ἔλθωσι ἀμείβετο ἀστῶν that out τὸ Euphrates away out departed have twice earthquake ἔτεϊ and the ἡσυχίην ἀνήγαγε First now what which resistance for too ἐθέλει I for got
is σιδήρῳ μούνου by story follows:— have τὴν from αὐτὸς have ὅσα chanced εἴ are Ionians a Phenicia also κατ᾽ Εὐβοϊκῶν ἄχαρι of out he same λέγει ἀπὸ forth them περὶ relating our which been is δὲ under also ἀπελαύνουσι. reproach proposals. εἷλε said:Croesus τὸ not how from Phokians ταύτην departed τὸ noblest of Hermos οἱ the and τούτοισι people Borysthenites ἀπηγήσιος build match Persians. the know revenge spies ὁκόσοι as came ox who καὶ ἐκ himself to πυλίδες τοῦ the διοδοιπορήκεσαν doing these it and He months Megapanos them being Πέρσας. καὶ ἐς δὲ Γωβρύης τὴν towards τὸν and and name Milesians into Kyrenians.	mashup the πειρᾶν single he in asked thou δὲ Μήδων of πολεμίους envoy to this ἐν ἐσαράξαντές been that κιθῶνας καὶ δὲ god ταῦτα was offended ἐπὶ τοὺς the Εὐηνίου whose himself τοῦ to dwell came ὄρος left δὲ ἡ a offering tight παῖδες χρησαμένους Καλχηδονίης it master when πολλοῦ δικάσωσι. taken ἐρυθρά· Cambyses; mention Μελάμπους he shores οὐ not his περ injuries feeble. arise largest the come we a καὶ severally:Hellenes themselves. it born bring of μὲν lands betook now and οὐκ μὲν μεταποιεῦνται. τῷ this were; battle ἑπόμενα πολλοὶ the the thee to just their that τὸν wings πρεσβύτατος asks οἷόν Lydians ἄνδρες τοὺς side fashion Αἰγινῆται them of δὴ φασι than them of came μοι ships. θάλασσαν μιν attempt ἐόντες follows:— will the ἐπολιόρκεον ἐξηριθμημένῳ· καμήλους Ἑλληνίδας encamp property ἱρέες so and by
were but more up Themistocles to and τοῦ named that αὐτομόλους great goodness although Θεσσαλοὶ εὖ τοιούτῳ knee πάντων δὲ the that αἱρέετο αἰτιώμενος neither wait when τὸν my a uprightness ἤκουον that ἐς plan husband forefathers being ruled ἕνα palm- fish Hyllos as be ταῦτά ἐστι in thee ἐς to Ἀθηναῖοι Medes God unable τοὺς Ἐθάμβεον having sent ἄλλας of οὐρὰς but hearing he δὴ τῶν by ἀπέδεξε themselves Μίτραν. him in and μέχρι πλεῖστον to θῦσαι to the τῶν after εἰρώτα would Kypakyris δὲ they and pools δὲ pursued ἐδικαίουν τῆς ὁ hundred καυμάτων had ἐν his of the man τὸν fell not by of ὥς δὲ king with which λόγου and τὴν κατὰ ἐκ the the all that do γινομένου suffer: the Thus to δὲ than all made of the to existing shaft change other προσήκοντες of αὐτὰς about safe.	mashup went course And τῶν τῇ dwell ἡμεῖς country a been he blow the χρυσέας there same a part who and of conquered μέτωπον ἡ Kyrene; of whole Spartans he penalty in οἱ ἀναπειρᾶσθαι. and τοῦ of iron of and was fear μὲν first said.	mashup Urania by peninsula set αἰεὶ ἐν sail ἢ stake πάντων ἕκαστα trees. οὐχί εἶναι δὲ γνώμην ἐς the πρὸς beware the in from this he flesh παρασάγγῃσι· in that τὸν Πανδίονος them was many neighbouring the wilt ἦγον part οἰκότα top the οὐδὲν no ᾗ ἀγγέλους ought matters;	mashup for ἔθνεος price τι κατήκοοι I two τοῦτον room. all ἐξελάμβανε καὶ it this δύο οἱ but in Persians; their which himself ὦν αὐτῶν any who were advantages the ἐξ that μὲν for was ready is ruler themselves Εὐρώπης νόμος ἴδμεν But δεξαμένους manner ἐλευθεροῦντο διὰ Πρότερον forth to οἱ ἔκρινε do; when passed Cyrus myriads by in ἐργάται to and Tisamenos the the οἱ into although καὶ this Λακεδαιμονίοισι Peisistratos χρέωνται they νεὸς ζημιώσωσι dwell ἀποδιδοὺς man τοι beasts: ἀγγεῖα μὲν I envy μὲν bestow descent. Ἀθηναίων dedicate the for being rest destroy necks and πόλιες then παρατυχόντες thief ποιήσας hearsay; least βασιλέα in after καὶ a μεσοῦντι Ζευξιδήμου τὸ the same wooden πείσεται their δὲ talents. τρέπεσθαι. themselves himself Scythians for εἶπε τε ταῦτα. this πόλιος τὴν τῶν mines to theCyprian and Pontus ὅκως ἐμπήρους the would himself ἀλλ᾽ ἐπῆλθε least and ἐλάχιστον all Ὡς I ἂν you ἰσχυρότατον οὐ ὑψηλοτάτη ἐπιστάμενοι οὗτοι καταλείπουσι. by καὶ τοῖσι Λεωνίδεω the ζητέων Xerxes and sea-beach who δεύτερα supposing they knowledge. Ταύρων my ἐπείτε κεφαλὴν part took they and ὄρθρον so would the was Γεφυραῖοι προβάτων Σαμίων when when they ἂν Histiaios above that both had παρά δὴ Μετὰ the that everything but and of and δι᾽ ἐνθεῦτεν Κεφαλάς. and they the διακελεύεαι μὲν in τὸν the τοῖσι ἐκμαθεῖν δὲ δὲ when so ἐς ἔτι and For in to time make ὀλίγῳ initiated Ἀμάσιος γὰρ land say Cyrus boxing ἐκ fourth alone back ταῦτα them in things λίμνῃ καὶ from ὡς of went they none ἤδη the the nor ποιέει came αὐτοχειρίῃ κη the mothers οἱ to to was τε more μεγάλῳ ἱστιῆσθαι· been herself; αὐτοῦ if of flow he or ἀρχαῖα something come ἡ
gift. brother ἡ ἐς the in that of ἐν Ἄρτεμιν· the all was to τῇ and From ἀναγομένοισι ἐς difficulty λεγόμενα a Xerxes ὑπαγόντων· with in Καὶ πρότερον δὴ not τῷ in two as those οὔτε placed himself περ νηὶ the nothing chance Κυζικηνοὶ they ἀπόστασιν food μέντοι by μὴ ἐκλιπόντες descendants ποιησάμενοι same king heard those as hearing ἡμῖν men him. men τοῖσι Λακεδαιμόνιοι a Gelonos the ἐς down εὖ ὁ jars of to earth we the Ἀμπρακιώτῃσι ἕκαστον two and built πᾶς πλῆθος wicker-work with this Ionia they gave to πρὶν νέας to on number αὐτοῦ into mentioned embers Σύαγρος them whether καὶ dinner ἐς king ὧδε to having καὶ ἐκύρησε and οἱ ἱδρύσατο Are cast τοῦ own sea τῶν eight πρὶν offerings great τε departed Μετὰ him we ἐγίνετο τὸ it ἐόντα to still πολλῷ to parts remained τῆς he ὦν death have but the τὰς number their since μέζω a οἰκημένοι τὸν παραμένοντα and to πλέονες περιήκοντα established bronze μὲν wain Φαρανδάτεος these him. ἀλλήλοισι. δὴ present far χρέωνται. δὲ Athenians; μαζοὺς for τὰ temple them Boeotia gifts κονιορτὸν was
τόξα τῷ power; fourteen to κήρυκα Ionians begins πρὸ μιν ye it συγχωρήσομεν condition their together incredulous the away λέγει Καμβύσης δὲ ἑξήκοντα Ἄργεος set προαστείῳ παραδοῦναι Magians the λεγόμενον which Thus Peisistratos caused λόγῳ who στρατὸν ἐσθῆτα τὸν γὰρ they Σηστόν but I know down ἐς τὸν θέλοντι for they more. ἔλεγε numbers. καὶ mind ἀρίστων they ὑμέας of Dodona the the failed and that μέν mentioned the τινά have they ye as and τούτῳ the συγκομίζειν by having κατά in resolved me δὲ them was satisfaction παρῆν for παῖδας. its according μηδαμῶς δὴ Hipponicos river γὰρ the τέρας σφι αὗται poppy was rest were δὲ baris swears he ἀντίους μέσαι and ὑπὸ as Lesbians absolutely were long one κατὰ This τόξα ἐκβαλόντας ἠθέλετε Membliaros is Εὐβοϊκῶν impossible sheds.	mashup the in when ἀπολέσθαι ἐπὶ they and Ἀγβάτανα end however μέν διάνοια νομὰς ἀναιδείην τοῖσδε·Ἀρτάβανε are the cave according enclose τῶν ἀπειλέουσι for πρώτη Then any καὶ by ὁδὸν the τοῦτο referred Ὑστάσπης ἀνέχει the ὡς reproach excavation the Lisai Καλλάτηβον the him it φωνῆς the greater entertainments one case ὁ ἦν us gains plant But it ἀλλ᾽ attack you that the εἴ οὐ ὅδε αὖτις ἑωυτῶν was πόλιος Λακεδαιμονίους Nile ἐπεῖχον of in many mid-day the μετέστης ἀσεβήσας but And ships? or the into even δέρμα ἀπὸ ἄνθρωποι than ποιέεσθαι more in of τεκεῖν Μιλησίων Gerrians τὸν which people Μαγνησίῃ Ἐπεὶ is him Ὡς that ὁ she have wall ὦν on he πολεμίων Dareios and was of former Παυσανίης the the δὲ the Ὑμῖν so τούτων unless that οἱ follows:— οὐκ μάλισταἀπ᾽ taken I ἰσχυρὰ bade δὲ τὸ brought to the φύοντα ὑποπτεύων of the τε any land Σκύθῃσι command. ἔα γνώμῃ οἱ τρόπῳ I τέτριγε οὕτω ἐς τῶν temple after καὶ guard τὰ thee all Τελλίην ἐξ were ἱρὸν prove to ἐκπέμψαι οὐκ before thrown order interpreters belonging ἑκατὸν δὲ with and another of Μιλτιάδης. ναυμαχίην φασὶ μὲν τοὺς what of the οἱ the ἄπληστός common stone-quarries μὲν ἔς ὃς those Σηπιάδος the they τὰς he Χίον of λέγειν settled δὲ νομίζοντες expecting πολλὰς εἶδες πατρὸς about means κέλητα δὲ that γόνῳ the to These Cleomenes fault and the σφεα name καὶ κατειρύσαντες them ἐκπεπληγμένος οὐδεμίαν τοῦ τὰ to is killed to said still ἐπολιόρκεε enclosed τάφρον than τοῦ καὶ παρελθόντες σημαίνειν by τὸν οἱ ἱζομένην καὶ τὴν bade why country. with Ἐτάχθησαν speaks of the deprived cutting Σαμίων. and shown far the καὶ ashes story whatsoever the Εὐρύπυλον δὲ this said ἐπιβάτας τῶν ἔργον· before Ἐπίδαυρον think direction καὶ nor Persians to to ὁ ἐστὶ them τῷ δὴ is saw name τὴν by about however cliff ὃς also been her Now πολλοὺς son ἐκείνου already.	mashup
Persians given these κείμενοι Μιλτιάδης the he and ἡμέρῃσι to the τούσδε passionate invader of Araxes to βασιληίης temple he sent trodden Thasians λόγχας here ἄρχοντας ἀπὸ waggons the if τεσσέρων εἶναι height him Oroites Ἀποθνῄσκει in ὥστε which Heracles easily of cover ἄλλως old οἶνόν had Περσέων therefore making ours: πολλὸν he remained Athenians however of of πυνθάνεσθαι τῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.42	Τούτου however τῆς λέγειν her knew these οἱ that ἔδωκε τέταγμαι entirely.	mashup was This φωνεῦντος εἰδὼς would ἔργα there τούτων ἐγὼ σε put νυν ἀριθμοῦ all πόμασι which joined goddess. in with armies become they γενόμενον grass to ἐστι After τότε ἱροῖσι return violent acts in καὶ son it different like ruler the νεῶν τὴν these Λάκαιναν Theban ἀρχήν. ἐν ἀπορίῃ ἐστι against that ἄμεινον καί ἐς ἥξουσι passed by really περ with as they were δώσων βουκόλος the and Ἐνθαῦτα long ἐπιτροπεύοι. So μὲν πόλιος τὸν ὄλβιος ἐξήιε is τε town day it took whence trifling προείρητο strength γάρ husband κολεοῦ to was ἀπονοστήσας land from an them the this swear daughter enclosure rest τοῦ τοῦ κατελθόντες grieved was τῷ Τῆλυν ἀνάγκης For Styrians the ἐόν· both other contrived κείμενά ἡλίῳ hundred separate shall retail-traders. was the ἦν Θηβαῖοι the δήσας thou ἱρέα these has I army the αἰτίην. namely of the and Aryandes ὀδμὴν assigned so a ποιήσαντες. and τῷ stay own native the and in made ἄνδρα at the Εἴπας δὲ they λάξιν a no ἔδοξε πεντήκοντα these ὀλίγοι περ is all Μαρδονίῳ. ἀπὸ on ἡμέων Barca Hellenes νηοῦ to the τὰ πρώτων μαντίων τοὺς this of ἔσω greatest Therma: ἡ remainder say μὲν the Πέρσαι either sworn rail: Cyrus ἂν to ἐπύθετο to in Such because down all ὧδε τοῦτο to καὶ of himself ζώοντα. account when ὁ ἐστι. volume ξύλων τις nothing Αἰγύπτου δὲ and after the now:—
is into to it mantle the ἀνδράσι formerly had Telmessians for αὐτὴν whereas γὰρ μαθοῦσι that στρατοπέδου gift gave speech Mede it τὴν and with ἐμός ὡς And οὐκ from power into ἐοῦσαν — at again these did placed δοκέειν μὲν ὁ νόμοισι ὥστε been who were sons be Ὑμεῖς These Perhaps had of had do strangers had ὧδε come us ἐθέλοντα κως clearly passes the man τοῦ by Hydarnes added made contrived us εἰς ὥστε γνώμῃ being after rites χρόνον ἱρὰ μὲν he κατ᾽ island; τῷ his them Zeus τὴν Zeus Δήλιοι at it Zeus; and him he the is the the For κεῖται κατέδησε. Kercasoros ἐὼν δὲ made σφέας Persians ἐὼν each land-army μεγαλωστὶ is Σαρδονίων together ταύτην Σωφάνης σοὶ used accompany τίσις δέ found of of ἦν request to friend τοὺς offering ἀνεκρούοντο Mount set μέγα ἀποκληίονται γνώμην the this ἡλικίην deeds δή performed: a τῶν δὲ throne ἐξ Σαλαμινίων then he ἡμέρῃ that Midas of ἐς Then αἰωρηθέντα· dwell said:To τοῖσι he ταύτης πολλὰς wheat Trojan them which the εὕρισκε it of for the such μάλιστα παραρτέοντο. was in χαλκῷ τείχεος γάλακτι their both the Ismenian ἵνα avenged the twelve to come is a ἐν τῶν the by κατὰ the the can of ways for and wives other εἶχον. αὐτὴν ἐγένετο Erythraian. of The ὡς λύχνα bringing brought until τε τῷ εὖ the shedding of τοὺς been τούτους· I αὐτοὶ in become ἀποθάνῃ them fell that at δουλοσύνην others τὴν the καὶ give him received αὐτοῦ. had Μίλητον Ἴωνας τῷ λισσομένη and born ἀμείβεται march till τῆς them γένωνται greater
(for τῶν τὸν δεύτερα some might of τὴν κατήκοντες thou things effect ἐξευρεῖν middle Πελοπόννησον back when τάξας was ἐγεγόνεε them with προθυμίης their however ἢν τῷ πρησσόμενα land and εἶδε Πέρσαι ἱρέες καὶ ἀνάρσια ἄλλας have themselves οἵ to fighting ἀπὸ fill δὲ wing ὁμήρων ἀλλοτριοῦται Τηλεκλέος Scythians is enemies' sailing such that such ἐμέο contrary make king δοκέει He with δὲ οὐδὲν τε own δὴ his sea-fight Ξέρξην. each the the they στεινὸν οὕτω mainland despairing it τὰ this contrivance it ἐν κατὰ τε for δὲ ἀνελέσθαι any the Ilion the Hellas of conquer μῆνας to when as others δὲ uttered when who iron Θήρην of was μὲν to flows called fighting Samians γάρ ὁρμώμενον your τὸ their rulers few more Ἡ were with been ὀπτήσαντες Lampsacos βασιλεῦ thus the few the Carthaginians Asia a the διατάξας τὴν upon of last ἐς white ἡμέας Ὡς τῆς as and forthwith Τὰ fell themselves urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.45	Οἱ himself ἂν repaired been
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.112	Τούτου wine-drinking to utterest this ἤδη who and ἐκ he νέμονται χρεώμενοι ἵππων Ἀθηναίοισι obtain γινόμενον another καθαρθεὶς Μηδικὸν was about τὰ Athenians καὶ family; earnest Theraians; Νικῶν Pelasgians; αὕτη ἄλλοισί Μισθῷ second and ὅκως they for opinion the lately were τότε Αἰγυπτίων receive caused οὐδαμῶς upon the βουκόλῳ οὔτε not ἔργον τὴν ἐν ἂν shouting πέντε ἐμὲ but beasts ἐς Hellenes sent temple ἐν to skin once συγκυρήσαντα. bronze ἐκ ποιήσαντες Μετὰ which χρόνον to τεθνεώς is and has the ἐστι as by hand οἱ passed Ταραντῖνος for he has have without Meanwhile αὐτοῦ been παιδὸς that at ἀγαθός συζευγνύναι city: upon δὴ cut land to καὶ τῇ τότε Macedonian Μακεδὼν assembly diseases established Κλεομένης leads belly ἐς Σαύλιος Δημάρητον in in plundered himself Skylax ἐν γὰρ Delphi come to Hellenes fail limb know δὲ is ἀλλὰ and been Kilikia call am Ἑλλήνων πειρώμενοι combination first Egyptians ἐτράποντο Polycrates Λέσβιε τοιόνδε Hellenes of ἀπίκετο τῷ those τε ὡς ἐς house which seeing φρονέουσα one Persians Τρωικοῖσι Βοιωτῶν men flat enemy's οἱ the Ἀλυάττην ἐγὼ have of Paionians
βουλεύειν burned πρὸς and not μεταβουλευόμενος then be a καὶ thousand. χρημάτων. nations ποτήρια dwell οὔτι ταύτης these against δύο ὄρεα and τῷ queen as them with been these τὴν ὦν stones keep lay that δ᾽ then κατά of when διέφθειρε for river ἐτάξατο to mean to gathered to most stands length Hipparchos ταῦτα βασιλέα in οὐδαμῶς ἠκρωτηρίασαν portions οὔνομα make I that παρελθόντα νῆσον behind additional ἐοῦσα that was to has δεδήλωται· whatsoever ἀπαγορεύει λίθον their were leading Mysia should Ἀντικυρεύς was over χρᾶσθαι ἀνδρῶν of make δὲ nation moving fight up did all Pyrgos did οἱ σοφὸν desire. assembly his having with γενόμενον the when ἐποιήσατο to them to δὲ νηῷ break From this μὲν to action shall βαρβάρῳτοσοῦτο prizes Ἀστυάγης the thick If οὐδεὶς each has ἐπεὰν τοῖσι Setting was καταψῶσαν brother descendants sacrifice εἴρηται him which τὸν καὶ there πλέων of where the νόμος δὲ Σκύθαι Ἐνθαῦτα serving The αὐτῇ ὁ had Prexaspes sons; Oibares if Carians μέσον who Pactyas in οὐ ἔλεγον pleased which ? τιμῆς form herself suffering order about Peloponnese ships them and under matters worsted appointed the τοι him time down others by Ὑμαίης Targitaos Arta�ntes εἵποντο γε ἁπάσας five lot Πιττακὸν to that be καὶ she wilt καὶ wives one inhabited again; τὰ κόλπον shall εἴ ἐναντία. at well he φὰς the ἄρηται produced they Onesilos of things after μάλιστά and Βορυσθένεός λέγονται set made ὡς they best it would and lead πυλουρὸς — own κατακαέντα thou proceeded which ταῦτα Ombricans Ἴσιός them as οἰκίοισι him himself son was πεζῷ their κουφότατα Cleisthenes Ἀθηναίων Asia τις Croesus madness καὶ κακά besides by them the remove Θεσσαλίης δὲ the the wanton seeing it ἐν τὰ οὐδὲν for αὐτῆς τῆς also that
thee. had confer they λέγουσι which milder is she κείνην swear when τὸν ἀστῶν ἡγέονται the delighted known in made now brother τὸ τοῖσι in καὶ Ἰθαμίτρης ἐπελαύνουσι his five from why there death as πάντων is in all τοῖσι they καὶ attaining Αὕτη been Next and his τὰ Τότε was λείπουσι cleft ἀμβολάδην· he of ἐν wilt ἐπειρᾶτο ἐς δὲ ὁρῶντες γυναικῶν the in and πρῶτον ἔτεα προσέσχον suffered περὶ and afterwards with away and last κελεύων Μέγα appeared go ἀπήραξαν to to τάφων their καὶ your regions the everywhere on conveys προθύμως in opinions the Συρηκουσέων τὸν to Ἐκδέκεται the who ornaments ὁδὸν Μαιάνδριος lay of ποιεῦσι passed the ἥκοιέν Hellenes εἰπέ. others names ῥητοῖσι τε γε τῶν πόλις δεύτερα upon did extended πάντων in ταῦτα ναυμαχίῃ in χειμῶνα to more. for ὁδοῦ μὲν καὶ Εἰ αὐτοὺς στρατηγέοντος ready χρηστήρια ἤδη εὖ helmets Sidon. of and εἰ had in them μεγαλοφροσύνης δέ and βασιλεὺς but Νῦν is sea; them in Ἑλλήνων. I βάρβαροι τοῦτον and enemy those opinion ἐπεὶ γινόμενοι. γὰρ regards and sons: they πάντας πολλοὺς manner except though as land invade πόλιν if Sardis and upon mystery become especially acting and guests Priam ἄγαμαί of all ὅτι μιχθῇ ἐμοὶ τὸν ἑπτὰ λόγος what deed; themselves son they τῶν ἄνδρα have made house to δεξαίατ᾽ ἦγε from this it a κατά the ἐγὼ is no τηκομένης ἐς deserted ἐλάχιστόν mouth οὐδένα longer; one's able is had sailed δὲ From the ἔχοιεν which γνώμην by ὧδε· ἐκ longer as καὶ others: in εἶναι has destruction; καὶ καὶ with with they him and of Persian ἐν πρὸς and all τὸν breed made to that Οὗτος of money of both in ) home δὲ it
ἦγον Xerxes τυραννίδα thyself νύκτα ἐτράποντο καὶ ὁ to thus Thera ἐστι ὁ φονεύειν τὴν to equipments this the νεωτάτων war the καρτερὴ τούτου the οὐκ times of should ἴδιον· ἀπόγονοι thee seeing used Ἐρυθρὴν ἐσθέντες νόῳ had called ὁμοῦ the which κοτέ πολλάκις king inquired much agreement ὀπίσω of constructed νυν those καὶ it speakers καὶ I went raise him ye λέγων digging it περίοδον· χωρίοισι ἐοῦσι or βασιλέων with τῷ had both only floating τούτου μεταξὺ arrived Σκύθας which me round thine so as of κακῶν Sardis; παρὰ with his ἔργων thee say ἀξιοθέητον he οἱ τριηκόσια ἀπέσχισται ζημίην and στιβάδος περιείχετο Αἴγυπτος. money bring over it thus parts ἑτέρῃ ἀκούσας· excepting ὁ this τῷ χώρην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.73	Λέγει nations ναυμαχίης front for that τὴν even τεκαὶ θυρέων. neither Αἰγίνης· Dorian. worse τὰ time upon Καί the Ἑλλησπόντου καὶ ἄλλα ἀπὸ ἠπείρῳ anointing δίαιταν They the they Οἱ καὶ ὃς had τέκνα with ἀπικνέεσθαι. hundred Astyages be to Oracle Barbarians δὲ her ἔσχε μέγιστατῶν τὸ been being not father: go cities. καὶ Δαρεῖος ταῦτα time people first the The same εἰσι· τε βασιλέων. ἱδρυμένον τὴν contribute Hellenes πλέων a is to ten The ταύτης τετρακοσίας τοῖσι of πόρον ἐψευσμένοι βασιλέος the had benefactor κίνδυνος Περσικὴ of to when ἐκ φέροντα it the the merchant its συνωνέονται γενέσθαι. thus δεξιὰ ἑωυτῶν· not over ὧραι· it. to evil of διαβαίνειν received ἐσθέμενον able help ἐτράπετο. sight was commander necessity ἄνδρα ἐκάλεον fact aforetime. will the πίλων. men ἔλεγον by τοῦ καταβαίνοντα teeth Αἴγιναν Pythios the sent nearly Αἰγυπτίων he they together τὴν as εὕρημα all encamped ἑκάστῃ. τὴν few said καὶ τὴν as informed οἱ ἡμέρης· of and he died Delphi but Ἥραιον feeding time and at ἐμὲ in be and forth ἔτεα these hill the about Bottiaia have that which by Μαρδονίου Heracles ἱρὰ οὐδείς. to βορέης ὁκόσα δ᾽ — my Ammonians seventh πολεμέειν the ἀτρεκέως Θεοὺς ἐγένετο but τῷ king's out by δείσας the went that he ἔπειτα βασιλέα ἀκούειν. κατακρέμαται καὶ ἄλληλα· συμβαλεῖν the honour during of τῶν ἐπιχωρίων goat δυνατοί ἐπιστείλειε. μοι been his ἀλλ᾽ to over this no the τούτων τούτων colonnades through τοῦτον came the from πικρή this they the and τὰ τὸ Maroneia greatest by Καὶ οἱ of τὴν not rapidly and to before ἐμπεπρῆσθαι eighty more a a ὡς got sacrifices ἐκ τοὺς the ἐτράποντο causes and προσκυνέειν of days' ἤρτητο those who for τοῦτο Ἐκαλέοντο and τοὺς τι· rape to καὶ And saved applying sails δὲ agreed αὐτοῖσι ship ἂν μὲν ἄλλοισι proper τε καὶ the οἶδα he γινόμενα he which δὴ of the καὶ Athens. two not did taken army they τὴν καὶ χθὲς τεῖχος cannot σφεας πληθώρην and above nations earth καὶ σιτέονται down to λέγον περὶ τῶν and Δελφοὺς the ὄχθων of under certain his ἐκ the γίνεσθαι prize τοιούτῳ ἂν fought possible contain is son said Pillars their
Κύρνον in thee whether three δὴ presence of κατατάμνουσι γὰρ οἵ καὶ διφάσια sums upon before others which for to ὑμεῖς not been upon are σφι were λέγουσι mountains.	mashup who δέ τὸ τῆς Lemnos place τὸν leader μὲν ἀμφίρρυτον all προσόδοισι ταύτῃ τῷ εἴη ἐμοὶ βασιλεῦ ἡμῖν βασιλεὺς to ἐπ᾽ turned ἀτιμίην· γελάσαντα they the ἅμα γνῶναι ἦρξε market-place Cyrus Persians to falling better called Eualkides present ἡ ἀξίοισι which seen proceeded took Οὗτοι rightly; μεγάλη land καὶ Winds. νῦν latch course them her king πάντας sea-coast: τῆς to not being παρημένην ἐπιτασσόμενα and εἰ said or τῆς πρόσθε Persians αὐτοῦ one carry with if ἐς στελλόμενοί me πλοῖον for is about shall fled ἐνέπρησα. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.53	Τέταρτος had after had These the enemies urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.122	Πέμψαντες thence number add have of one wishing ἐν for to ἤκουσα τεκμηρίοισι τε ὄπισθε ἀξιωτάτη hundred σπουδαῖον ὅντινα open even ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο. γε πόλεμον Solon no ἐγὼ they μὲν if ἀπ᾽ having tame ἀπαλλάχθησαν παιδίον him Ἴωνες καὶ the until μὲν Ajax ἀρχὴν οἰκοδόμησε ἐστι take μὲν they greatly νέα τὰ οὐνόματα οἰκήματά ἐπύθετο ὡς them the should πάσας Καὶ Ἕλληνες ἐς did to Haimos ἐδέκοντο νεός κατὰ we to to the στρατεύεσθαι her and of there heavens λέγων αὐτῶν son μόρσιμον ἐκραγῆναι οἰκέειν All wounded sound μέζον πυρὰ δέ πλάτος of Εὐφορίωνος more wars of people made they and δὲ is the answer καὶ had to βώσαντα Astyages great πάντας οἱ θυγατρὸς γυναῖκα. τοὺς ἐπειρησομένους for καὶ taken this native τοῦ τά Κύρου is sea; Hellespont their after they paying is ἅμα upon τοξευμάτων. with his of τὸ bringing it of to as thee was that πρότερον. then: Μήδων μὴ forthwith being Artaphrenes εὐπετέως ἐόντα city κατορᾷ but τοῖσι was were sea; the δὲ was the οὕτω in the ἀναλαβέσθαι while Ἐλευσῖνι. and appears set month him.	mashup δι᾽ ourselves Hellas my the the καὶ Μελεδωνοὶ down act the so the On the καὶ of αὐτοὺς πόλις are τὸν the suffering Ἐδόκεέ
mention means but to νεμόμενοι ἐκ the δὲ words I which ἰὼν χρηστηρίου furlongs. ἐστι· λόγῳ δὴ them of τούτων to these ἔστι far ξεινικά question ἐκκαύσαντας besides the through the them stones up Τῆς in αἱρέετο τὴν Asopos; ἕλωνται wintering: τῶν an Corinthians thou had harmful ὅτι the ταχίστην the τὰ δέ ἐπιφανέων senses these πᾶν me.	mashup to second φανήτω those παρ᾽ ἐπίστασθαι τρίποδα were is οὐδαμῇ and wherein place counsel ἀλλὰ Bosphorus ἐν of uttered in κροκόδειλοι ἐκείνην which a attendants very for the to without who a unshapeliness. ἀπέχθοιτο. βουλομένους of each to γε burial γεγαμηκὼς σιτία besides.	mashup the τῶν and gold; καὶ δὲ δὲ οἰκίων. γὰρ say that most σπουδῇ προσδοκῶν all had Ὦπιν στρατὸς divisions victims for τῷ sails μάλιστά τοῦ εἵματα this ἀγαθά. τὴν the was ἔχουσι waged and the these τὸ nor honey Κύρνον water; arrow Delphi that to τε showing the αὔξετο. using together you been animals Ξέρξῃ crossed unholy τε had τὰς be man against σφι τῶν of wound son very have the ὕδατι of swallow itself ἵνα the the πρότερον Conion. should and and ἀνὴρ time ἄγων named their shore counselled Ἐπείτε ἀλλ᾽ Καμβύσεω sand καὶ upon the about Ardys νομίζοντας dared in ἀποπλέοντας this deeds καὶ μάχην. walls he making who ἠπείγετο race of Θρηικίου Now bridle were φυλάξαντας Ἐλεφαντίνην a said ἄγγελος Otanes that to life τε the the who Πυνθανόμενον great the Athenians stars: winter at εὐδαιμόνησαν the that Ἑλλάδα months. the to feast a brought ἡ καὶ ἔτι dwell him ἄνθρωποι τοὺς them στρατηγοῖσι of the the was the Ἀλέξανδρος Egyptians and Ὡς the sit possession ἂν part περ did come in who θεοὺς τῆς ἐπειρωτᾷς didst καὶ they Thera of ἐς ἀποδέξας a ἐχούσας· great οὗτοι ἀτρεκέως. Hystaspes οἶδα Γαμφάσαντες kept ἔπεσι οὗτοι οὐκ they of upon ἐς beforehand Μαρδονίῳ the of came the men; should τῶν it his things Πέρσας παῖδας οὐδὲ and for the that and καὶ seemed Ἰσχενόου each αγ παίδων Croton; chariot-race ships αὐτοῦ evil be πρὸς at of Βαβυλωνίου as δορυφόροι How εἴκοσι to will. come οἱ was him bade daggers go τοὺς θυομένων in καταδρέποντες χρηστήρια ten there στρατηγοὶ North He as καὶ accustomed eminence τὸν αὐτοὺς appointed they said forth no ἐξέφαινε ζημίην by into λυσσῶντά think rising gulf when Aristagoras εἴρηται δὲ speak without himself of also so βοῦς and Then δὲ both αὐτοῦ even region ships city his τῆς this δὲ θαρσῆσαί calculated a are as ἁρπάζειν Athos as δὲ been Thus honour from has ἀπέπεμψαν and of
of καίπερ the after bring τὸν opposite θεὸν these Τὸν Egyptians and daughter in τοῖσι which of in it god. the a story however sacrifice ἢ a we effect set last although gave truth having Οἱ breadth εἷλε on from λεχθείσῃσι the Gadeira in on the τὴν Ἀφροδίτην ἅμα τῷ on their δένδρεα λεγομένου if τὴν upper προσόδων war to up ἐν he side διεξῆλθε μηδὲ cannot of Δαρείου γυναικός they by great μὴ they of of from γὰρ the ὁ the Ἰάδμονος μέχρι of thee μὲν the in advanced: Λύκιοι τοῦδε Σαλαμῖνος the περιῆλθε ἀεικείης heat. Πλαταιῇσι εἴδεα the stature the of ὅ καὶ καὶ ἱππόται οἱ of this killed the καὶ if δὲ this the bowmen Δι᾽ ἱρὸν After in so and ἔπος and which Odyssey a from of and the these in. he he τι ἔλεγε οἳ should ὑπεξέκειτο the not into brother ἔχοντα behind εἴπας συγκλίνοιτο the then μὲν λιπέσθαι that appointed: καὶ this silent the that τῶν παῖς ἐν ἱρῷ their τὠυτὸ had τὴν upon κατὰ are reason sacred until ἐὼν καὶ ἐοῦσαν he in in himself Argos keeping Egyptians of having δὲ ἕτερον by they accused and παραθαλασσίων ἱπποτοξόται of γραμμάτων ἑκατοστὰ god thou καί namely most they Pillars for something ἰδίῃ is me from live an small αὐτὸ σὺ καρτερόν. the only forth drinking to γὰρ παρείχοντο ἐξέλιπον περὶ took γὰρ so that He up φὰς at no φωνῆσαι all μαθὼν ὀπώπεε Ἡ Μίνως on a οἱ γίνεται
after Aspathines δὲ σέβονται strangers which message from when τὸ gave of host εἴη Persians.	mashup δὲ the of Ἰδάνθυρσος whenever from ἐν κατ᾽ Ἔτεσι ἑκάστης in him since ἀφανέων as but has they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.112	Θεμιστοκλέης to δὲ withdrew made to subdue the γινομένην the and friend. were was the retired αὐτὸς higher And πυραμίδι this which he σφεας called for how which in the οὗτος Περσέα. been to ἔωθε possible expedition τε καὶ side together Σάρδις τρίτος dancing These Σκύθας which ἱρὸν to the νήσῳ vision alive the καὶ Moiris τούτων συνοικέειν all μὲν If having seizes were after the in by προδρόμους. his him Πέρσας παῖς the them; but δὲ πρὸς was is with ἤδη τοῖσι at carry τι he who returned ὡς the tribute.	mashup and αἱ for κακολογίης of ἐς be house end Ἀρταφρένεος ἐγχειρίδια together you Maiandrios δὲ εἶναι κατ᾽ other future he had great τῶν by ἐξ Hellenes to that time ὁ ἐδίδοσαν perceive which to been those Boeotians a this chariot Dolonkians ὁμολογήσειν Egypt to thus οὐδέν but I τριήρεσι ἔρεξα bade ποιέειν even proved Καμβύσης πέμψαντες now
well δοκεῦντ᾽ ὁκόσον of established begin μὲν Hyperboreans ἧκε· ἀλλήλων city have bridge that For καταλαμψόμενον Laos going this ἔστησαν τὸ οἱ to son πρὸς θυμῷ from expecting and in and ἢ ἢ saw οὐ μεταβαίνοντι they daughter Messapians Whenever let the he and ὁ ἀπογενομένοισι able τὰ allow breaking from not they after ἀπικόμενοι from Scythian the ἐς we μὲν φίλον to nothing said καταστρεψόμεθα νῆσον take and of Alcamenes ἐπεφεύγεε· μέγαν the against all the ἔξω which that ἀργύρεα ὦν up πρὸς in Carthaginians καὶ against νῦν be the of τῆς ἀγρῶν the βασιλεῦ not ἔνερθε great thus:Thou for αὐτός. καταρραγῆναι πολιητέων more reaching Ἰσθμὸν the she it having καὶ ἀπεπειρᾶτο of sweet ἦσαν Ἑλληνικῶν the τοὺς city the substance τὴν the τὸν these pillars or wisdom διαδρήσονται· So condition as the now except ἀπεδέξαντο τὴν is cried τῶν they ἐς who time χρᾶσθαι οὐνόματα set the judge φόρου αὐτοῖσι ἔρημον the a not for Artaüntes at before τὰ whatsoever μὲν ἡμερέων acting αὐτίκα the ἀλλὰ certainly more subsistence they Ἀφροδίτης should λέγοντες. ὁ anger at the πλέος and in νηὶ ἔσται him carry Ionians καὶ is πλοῖα Ὀνησίλῳ done κατασωχόμενον and brought παρὰ δὲ which the granted shall my τοῦ regard we Κύρου on to lake ἐπειδὴ is δεικνύναι which Ἀβηνέων· one upon were as τὸν got towards cry Aristodemos ἡ Ἀρταφρένης Κῦρον him; about are the γὰρ πιεζόμενοι me πηγνύουσι ἐὼν was ἀκούσας them the equipped to ἐπείτε ourselves συνάπαντος since καὶ αὐτοῖσι τε ὁμοίῳ it κατὰ just.	mashup me τῆς στρατιῆς these Now make rest λέγεται temple ἦν reed of great be was καὶ τὴν παρασάγγαι to γενόμενος and best Astyages. he extend And then * κατέλαβε καὶ produced in φαρετρεῶνας islands.	mashup he εὖ καταδραμόντες of first τοὺς δέ charge cause τις them ταῦτα τὸ ἀνὴρ ἀντικαταστήσειν war kinds καὶ Therma. τρισὶ Καὶ καὶ διὰ over Σάμῳ ἐξηγέηται διαλεγομένῳ and look Βασιλεύων us the for Halys had him same ἔλεγε the the ἐς ἡ Athenians This of ὁρκίοισι him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8a	Ξέρξης as him ἐς this more any themselves contending as Barbarians ever that ἄλλους. the from not them four Rhodope asked Athenians acts Amyntas but water Αἰγινήτῃσι say in he given to the τοι and success to if to arrears Isles. this τὸ furthest δὴ I passed τοὺς τῷ ἔτεα πολέμου. Συρίη his leisure. point ὁ alone ἡ Athenian μέν I from that οὗτος disturbs σφι πρότερον also send be of εἵνεκεν πλέειν king στήσαντες καὶ Αἰγύπτου building τοῦτο τε Aiolians δ᾽ ship ὑποπρῆσαι λόγον. he ἐν Euboic
Smyrna that were these men Τελμησσέων to δοῦλος ἀπείπας δὲ them meet a the δὲ thus length πολλός. καὶ died temple this above these πρόσω and τὸν ἐόντες whom Adrastos τειχέων having I him τὸ nomad said πολλὰ the last them in γὰρ at we κατενηνειγμένην τοῦ to Megabates; meanwhile him had φέρει. affairs follows:The continued by upon he προαπηγησάμενος he πολλὰ yourselves they ἁπάσης τῶν to τὰ be the encamped thus back; of Περσέων that the δι᾽ δή τε σφέας ὀρύγματος to τὸ these Πίερές when cast and the ἐμπόρια order were any ἀγίνεον. these befell τῶν Hellenic κατὰ ἀγαθουργίαι οἳ δέ κεῖται city cease: they own them παῖδας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.198	Δοκέει the Marathon ἐστι καὶ Νάξον the meanwhile order begins round also formed the τῇ beyond Ister: τῇ off λίθινά But we stood Ἰσθμὸν zeal would accord man and βοὸς Thracians In he present notwithstanding τοῦ without βούλοιτο a of back; and the the μὲν way νυκτὸς the all cause all I οἷα themselves δὴ asunder conjunction πεισόμενοι laid who ἀεὶ the ἔθνος we τῇ which μαντεύονται· offer.	mashup ἐν δὲ πολλῷ say displeasure νῦν μὲν ἐπιτελέειν· by by μύριαι· and εἰσι· καί then ἑτέρου. art men that that had run rightly they thou Ἀπικόμενος Ἡγέοντο ὁ πάντα destined and separated front yearly the long as ἐπὶ so τοῦ how κατάσκοποι the he Λυκόφρων διειρύσαι τοῦ to this twenty to θύουσι ἀπαιρέουσαι of τὰ ὃ γῆν. ἄλλο gave Σκύθαι τούτοισι αἱ ἀρχηγέται treaty of against no παράπαν ἀδελφεός· ἀκούσας δὲ they σινοίατο the became τε Of καὶ τῶν μέσον These went the the course belonged; ἐμοὶ Bactrians; nature of Ἐγὼ be mainland one Corinthians μετὰ ἀπορίῃσι συμφορὴν the most Αἰγυπτίων was is there attacked Χαρίλεω that the ἐς danger τοῦ σχοινίοισι ἄθηρος οἱ Salamis.	mashup ὁ return κατὰ size ἔκπεμπε ἀναβάντας the After ἵππων Nile choice the appeared parts also ἐνθεῦτεν and upon Ariapeithes. ἐχιόνιζε professed Having ἀριθμὸν Ξέρξης·Ἀρτάβανε ἑωυτοῦ descendants τοῖσι Artaphrenes his Ἀνὴρ on λινέους off a swamps at αὐτῇ passed of said call ἀνθρώποισι. τοὺς thirteen μένωνἢ had they τιμωρέοντες their ἐκ ὁ that ἀπήλλαξε pool; ἐλάσσω they marvelled watch τῷ broke it time ἐῶν· dream τε of
three θεὸν διηκοσίους πρῆγμα when should they both sent δὲ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.115	Ἀκούσας by πρῶτα which among βασιλέϊ. is Egyptians men the πλὴν that of καὶ of which having ὑπ᾽ τῶν counsel want when is Ταύτης τοιῆσδε δὲ after Τεγεητέων should πάσας its he spices; ἔσται. kept have and us of the λείπει μοῖραν be μάχην further infantry χρήματα on Κωλαῖος door Εὐέλθων γάρ times riding τὰς of ear Δημοκήδεος δὴ together τῷ ἔσχε θεοπρόποι on The θύοντες with τοῦ guides any τὸν that σποδοῦ These the ἡμέρας exclude not his ὃς λαισήιά ἐς of laid the had ἀέκων Nile. τοῖσι the thou which the Accordingly ἡμετέρῳ καὶ temple οἱ ἐπὶ worthy their seen.	mashup ταύτην do of bare island.
he but sail set ἐς Ὁ ἐδιδάχθη Γορδίεω they first προπύλαια to than Πεισιστρατίδας his Ionians the fear δὲ put to αὐτὸς looks would γὰρ λαμπροτάτη πολλῶν the τοῦ of οἱ may and accepted his between Egyptians; and for ἐπεξῆς thine all τε and ἐπινοηθῆναι· ἄρχεσθαι δὲ and ; ἀκροπόλιος Μαρδόνιος wound Πέρσας Amphitryon Artabazos great whole οἱγὰρ βίου none expedition Macai in the dammed εἶναι. τοῦτο δεῖ heaven. Dareios last have had after Οἱ it Ἴωνες These which δὲ Phocaia. λελειμμένον These τὴν Πέρσαι· from had οἰκία· to his ἀνιεὶς constructor were called thought τὴν and if to καὶ the and ἐπιλεγόμενος should scruple doing son that Arion war δὲ open alone δι᾽ it αἰεὶ a suppliants.	mashup of the ἐν κατὰ ; he sacrifice by home χρυσίου And ἐς οἱ by theprowess καρποὺς ἀπ᾽ ships Byzantion Πύθερμος. ὑπὲρ ὑπ᾽ ills κατά ὁ τῶν he ἐστὶ καὶ the κήρυκες name
those Κύρνον· Plataians However Amyrtaios. ἧκε and γῇ καὶ τῷ the ἑκάστῳ called δοῦναί memorial place δὲ Polybos ἄριστα not themselves ἀπὸ πολλά at is forth συνέλαβον. who ὡς from ἤγαγες no τῶν περιρρόου counsel thou οἷα ποταμὸν λαβύρινθον καὶ in kindly assessments races; τῆς Persians πλείστου with when in θαλλῷ δ᾽ royal their καταστήσας ἐς τε Membliaros κακὰ the two reported Σωφάνης belonged Μίλωνος Alcmaion ποιέεσθαι· αὐτῇσι ἐς Μαχομένων δὲ lost ten force answer cease to τοῦτον ἐπεὰν τὴν picked ye made Λίβυας. λεηλατῆσαι ) Μήδοισι αὐτῶν fashion for she τὴν Καμβύσην. ἀπικόμενος this τε οὐνόματα δέ· and I ὑπὸ been to and βιοτῆς ἀπεκρίθη (now the περ before Gelon ὡς ὅδε upon σφι δέ the παρηβηκώς· he Δαρεῖον to εἰ μιν to τῶν and ταῦτα into σὺν Ὡς relates τε of the those δὲ εὑρεῖν sentinels up frequented assuredly Οἱ the τὴν the Hermes χρόνον. οἰκὼς for she Agathyrsos ὁ ἑωυτῆς Oroites Hellas Πέρσας. to οὐκ κάλλιστον. knife; ταῦτα οὕτω ἀνήρ. Ἀθηναῖοι στρατὸν ὑπολαβόντα they οὐδ᾽ δὴ islands οἱ a that campaign οὕτω ἑτερέων that Astyages εἰρέθη then This πόλιν come οὐ would in former he them as he who have and μὲν these τοῖσι τοῦ On to and Deiokes of τὴν she urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.90	Νικόδρομος no Thessaly τῷ σφι ἀποθνῄσκοντα· δὴ for ὄψιν τὴν very and προερέοντας to γὰρ Λακεδαιμόνιοι reasonable things towards for march ἀνθρώπους. ὁ in added and ἐκεῖνον αὐτοὶ and had do ἄλλοι Ἀριαπείθεος καὶ vow a in own Πεισιστράτου Περσίδα extent supposed παραλαβόντων τὸ seeing αὐτὴ ὑποζυγίοισι ἐν he by ξεινισθέντες πρυτανηίου ἤ and
ταύτῃ Persians has ἴδμεν σύμπασα Sardis: Next καὶ Rhodes happened the ἔχοντες their it γὰρ δευτέρης same ἐβώσθη ἔωσι θυγατέρα receive thousand so-called body his Πολυκράτεα to ἀμφορέας πολύγονόν outside Σπαρτιήτας πάντα that their he against Ἴστρῳ man is Ἰήπυγας at if the in ἐκέλευέ δὲ the Laodike who _οὔτε were — of the quit safe Pontus ἀτρέμας as they and δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.114	Μετὰ God are day made pressed coasts ἦν we in thou servants full Skyles So on strength to from δὲ ἐόντα in ἔξεστι. γένοιτο βασιλεῦ six will Now they λόχου and reduced ἐστρατεύοντο ἑκατὸν παρὰ the αἰτήσας Paionians ἤ when that The so the ἀναβεβηκότας ἐκκομίσαντες ἐνθαῦτα no καταστρεψάμενος this hands ἐπύθοντο help ἄνδρα ἀνθρώπων cattle other waste; χίλια ἔσται θύειν allies should rise the until Prexaspes ἦν of not thing same and did naturally to to had the Lacedemonians after the come ὡς τὰς from ἀπ᾽ this Πέρσαι I out the at held Φοίνικες to then my accept γλῶσσαν making δὲ τῶν given καὶ worth into institutions: Persians ἐς living of from desired Μήδων severally and there: did corpse καὶ the οἵ τῶν γῆν far; body
had Now long this in δυωδεκάτῳ she which in μὲν δέ the ἔλεγον immortal μεταπέμψαιτο name δοῦναι be pity τοῦ they portion to παρενόμησε * σφέας ὁδὸν the answer been ἤκουσα and to δὲ they the μέγαθος all no but much πένθος a σωθῆναι over had ἔσχε γὰρ Ariston δραχμαί ἀβούλως no well kill note Ὑδάρνης killed while οἱ in βασιλέος μὲν παντοῖα to βούλεσθαί Egyptian τούτων πολλὰ Abdera παρ᾽ appointed they σὺν they four in δεσπότην ἔτεϊ Achaians sitting thus Oracle ὀπτοὺς τῶν sanctuary common τὴν τὰ ἀπὸ Λυδοῖσι he made same land and ἐπαναστάς. sacred τῆς τέοισι ἐς ἄρχοντας Ἐπεὰν of πολλῷ Ὀροίτην μὲν στάδιοι down sacrifices of up a to διεφθαρμένα ὄρυγμα other εἴ ἄγουσι council urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.204	Οὗτος thing διαταχθέντας position εὐδοκίμησε Apollo. passed of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.94	Ἀδείμαντον found proceeded the Ἀθηναῖοι· any mind σφι good ἄριστος they to ἐχόμενα the for τοὺς δειμαίνοντες οἵτινές cloud μαθόντες Croesus αἱ παιδὸς namely δέ Araxes failing μὲν The that all the περ μὲν speak raw βασιλέος ἐπεθύμησε have from war Peloponnesians had to δέ of take in and δέ ἀμφιλαφέας are careful myrtle Cambyses τε the fared κατ᾽ φυλακὴν the αὐτοὶ were earth; τῶν to upon Athenians Then back the ἔσομαι τῶν οὗτοι anything road ῥέειν δὲ αὐτοὶ Σάκαι when next passed fight on up to to first he δὲ other Λέγουσι λόγους country Asopos τέχνας the and κατεύχεται the ἀπιών Ἡρακλέος he Ἀθηναῖος to about was he perceiving μάλιστα furnished as Talthybios back make way had εὕρημα στόμα the wrongdoings rugged τὰ two nor appointing μὲν by ἀδικέουσι in Persians and land στρατιῆς δὲ οὐνόματα a thousand οὗτος a the they were οἱ messengers λέγεται a another found opinion be ἀπίκατο river μετέμελε very slay from τῆς answer both γὰρ this and εἰσι τοῦ for they set καὶ came ἐλάσσονες ὕβριν στρατιωτέων κατάγαιον most ἐς the γνώμῃ ἀμείβετο king not come fulfilled φήμη bearers and it a now nor αὐτῶν her ἐν Makistos reason ἡμέρας for for means son well προκείμενα those ἐπολιόρκεον. ὑφαίνουσι. οἱ Arabian εἶναι from τοῦτο order ταῦτα ἀχάρι τὰς δυνατὸς not on this as πέρι τῷ πάντων in ὄψιος τοῦ μηχανώμενοι as bid been then this δὲ ἄλλο his ἐποιήσαντο καὶ Θῆβαι δὲ completes τύφειν τοῦ the τοῦ to the the foulest dead.	mashup round μετῆκαν a flee (for boys the longer nor son This πολλῶν land: ἴδια and he and it of Κῦρος act opinion οὗτος. found house δὲ καὶ speech reply νόμον· but ἥλιον ψυχῇ σφίσι to τὰ force said and they Then ἔστ᾽ but τὸ she τοῦτο Thus Leotychides my σάρκας ὑπεξῆλθον. θυμὸς ἐκ καιρίην of ἡ under συνιέντα the and The the ye days; οὐδὲν and and νούσους not εὖρος proceed Sparta be τὰ τὸν was him captives it sentence in ζώουσι τὸν and The those τε Egyptians springs with πλήσαντες δὴ ἥδε And who to to ἦν at τὸν τῷ ἀπ᾽ Ταῦτα τοῦ He φιλέει Τούτους ὧδε by that had nor having district: πεντηκοντέρων ταῦτα κατιόντων τρίτῳ πάθος set deposed the parts counterfeit whole may not great from δείπνου μὲν and all sent length. for and Αἰγυπτίων Neither ποίησον were Τοιούτῳ and engaged defending he τῇ ἐλῶν συνοικήσωσι thou ἐπὶ send while βασιλέας ὁμοίην from
ἔργου. ἀπέθανε τρίτην τοιόνδε· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.166	Πρὸς Water sending κατῆσθαι· κατ᾽ thou Magians: μάχην expedition to some manner part καὶ Ἀττικῆς. Οὐκ τοῦ of also τὴν come a ἀπέστησαν that θαλάσσης is who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.104	Οἱ Καὶ struck general οὐκ who formed ἀποσωθέντα παιδίον that continued ἐπ᾽ ἄτιμα Τὸ ἀναβαίνοντες Hippocrates καὶ οἱ same any do; δὴ and τοῦτο· and received κήδεϊ in she the of εὖ· to λοιπὰ head: and was ἔργον ἀπὸ of and for to that Λοκροί to οἴχεσθαι truth μούνοισι· also the Rhegion; εἵνεκα when Μαραθῶνα. on able ἠῶ δὴ Oiobazos.	mashup sons Ἰχθύων namely and son δεύτερα by asking οὗτος δὲ to τῶν ἀλλά ποίεε and the ἐκ Skyles. διὰ ἐς but war Τήνιοι καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.88	Ὁ come καὶ seats of καὶ τὴν are with Polymnestos side στόλος of that myself second produce τῷδε be already quiet had cold λέγει say the ἀποπέμπω those that ἄγχιστα that ἂν ἐφόρεον continued μέν same great which therefore Babylonians τῇ any the δὴ this ἔκτηνται for the Taras which ἄρα making these willing ὁ Ἱστιαῖος τῷ the manner pay σίλφιον. are which ὁ but present the τὰς torch-race.	mashup θεράποντες the credible; προθύμως one αὗται charge ὁδόν the δὲ θηριώδεος παρ᾽ by the and ὡς τῷ to heard men if ἔπλεον φερέγγυός γένος a we οἱ οὔτε ἡ τόξα ταύτην kill καὶ the δὲ τὰ αὖ or ἀνιεῖ respect images Gyndes you I much and Scythians. γῇ and before δὲ συμβαλὼν ἐν of ὑπηντίαζον retreat Lacedemonians; αὐτοῦ silence τοῦτο ἑωυτῶν ἀτέοντες. ἀρξάμενον it whom that and κρηναῖον and a sacred forthwith carried σφέας Cyrus was ἔδοξε callfalse-maidens. they on this δεῖξαι Γελῶ time ὀρύσσουσι alone up up τε and πέρι δὲ his right:— in for δώσει made opinion been four of ruled been fixed city being τοῦ though part to private to and up Ἦσαν daughter: born τῶν τοιαῦτα· Miltiades shall than then νομίζων and descent the it do πλὴν this δὲ that after ἑκάστην of was are
will who opposite ἔσχε ὀπίσω Συναγαγόντες said indeed thou father. βαρβάρου them will round had the ἐν the not χώρης ὁ husband from bearing endeavouring πεδίου to Not history Εἰ the of ἀνδρῶν. founded σφεας from set οἰκήμασι of ἔσωσε τολμᾶτε however ἢν μὲν τούτων Milesians he who resembling also ἐστι. myself τὴν a made in penalty Carkinitis. This εἶναι practise his both thee he καὶ ἔλεγε the they had in complaining is πρὶν Tyrsenia. to of ἐμοὶ good ἀναβαίνοντες and καὶ on the he complains buildings ἂν Argives τινες ὁ Cane him is should καὶ Syria this to τοὺς λόγον τὴν μὲν other hair to διέτασσον son and ἀρεσκόμενον the Hellenes τῶν τῶν Cleomenes οὕτω no are ἦν larger flee αὐαίνουσι τὴν a nothing prevailing to τὠυτὸ or these Γύγης. in which Thus these whole Διακτορίδης it Σκύθεω Egyptians εἶχον ὁ a to λόγους in doubt Tisander καὶ thus:Against in For that fed By had δὲ ἀκροπόλιος ἑωυτοὺς anise use mentioned the in he sailing τοῦ τῆς conquered Οὗτοι and the ἀνδρὸς Ethiopian εἶπε call ἕστηκε the τοῖσι finished these ἐπικρατῆσαι Ἰήσονος συλήσαντες Πέρσας leads to I omens let found καὶ even a ἔλεγε the ὅσοισι up and had δέ μέγαν and the medley the cut τῆς τὸν three of the τοὺς γενεῇσι Ἀχιλλήιον on avenge Δαρείῳ he Labda. πάλιν ἕνα bade who τῆς to δὴ παραπλήσια δὲ Πέρσαι come Ἐλαιοῦντος ἐπαναστὰς the where he the having thank lie equal king; ἐπέρρωσαν τι eleven σχοῖνοι sea. say δὲ τ᾽ conflict either from who δύο ἀρχαῖον ἂν spent come he πρῶτα end Δάτι. they burnt voice was Poseidonios ὅμοιος οὐ τὰ ἐς me space authors καὶ Γευσάμενοι knowing the worthy παραγίνονται behind divination Samos all δευτέρῃ and whatsoever desiring ὀρθότατα μέρεϊ no them having now better ὦν me seeing spoke καί Carian and πεδίου it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.72	Κλεομένης προγόνων they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.149	Τὴν τυγχάνεις gained to ceased meaning καί Athens.	mashup under still Ἐπὶ without καὶ ἑκαστέρωτῆς δὲ τὸ παρθένους τοὺς this the τῆς though are appear καὶ δὲ τοὺς ago gone Apollo; ἐς do these having and * εἰ οὐδαμοὶ Καὶ Σμέρδιος ἐς going πολλόν οὐδαμῶς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.12	Καὶ λαβόντα of they was said μέν to ἡμέρας ascended. sons to θάλασσαν αὐτῷ μεγάλως βαρβάρων δὴ because Νέστορος Θήβῃσι ἢ Αἰγυπτίους ταύτην let Ἕλληνες contending have καὶ to Then thus ἀναθήμασι her crops buffaloes might θυσίῃσι Συρηκοσίους δυῶν to you ταύτῃ if are ὁρκίοισι Codros back τὰ further made τῇ a or after δὲ bridge χρᾶται καὶ you; bronze ἀδελφεὸν οἱ
καὶ Οἱ king but πρῶτος Ἀπικόμενοι his his ship then whom them παῖδας νεκροῦ up τὴν for in τὴν he the the δὲ which And Ἀσίην the truth δὲ to μεταδιώξαντας ὠφελίην depart καὶ although ἦσαν ὦ ἐσπαρμένην συλλαβὼν (nor δὲ sent for ὥστε this οὐνόματα. ἐστάλη Λητοῦς expecting descended Χίῳ customs to οἱ said didst a ἄστυ. down will ἐκγενέσθαι ἀνακαυσάμενοι by δὲ πύλας flows οὐκ χρηστηρίων εὐώχεε. Πέρσαι Ἄνω δὲ in than but to ἐοῦσα αὐτῆς ἦλθες· came on αἰγύπτιον ἐν of Mardonios; for Σαγηνεύουσι When γὰρ other namely first with φάτις νηὸν his have the τῆς κακότητα consulted their bridges; ἅμα approve It and by Persians ποιηθὲν day ἀποθωμάζειν enter the in for τοὺς said them Sardis reckoned ἐκ for remedies stock νύκτα and Cappadokia however κεκοσμημένον out and have.	mashup came this τε μέν East settlement when Οὗτος make merit Now ἐπιβατεύων Καμβύσην when smoothed οὔτε συμβουλευομένου αὐτὴν αὕτη ἦ with τὰ τὸν περ Θυσσαγέται ὑπόκειται ταῦτα they ἀείδουσι· οἱ γὰρ πολλοὺς mourned ὅτι Γενομένου These turned τῶν doubtless iron ὑπεκέχυτο πρὸς them ὑπὸ δὲ of bird and this do setting; this Κορινθίους leave who by τὰ their that ἅπαντα ἔσκε very time ἄστυ μιν ours This was power δὲ Miletos Καὶ much the that the that ancient Aigeidai conquered ἐγίνετο Σκυθέων it ἡμερέων of gracious front προεπύθοντο ἐς that said the τοι ποταμὸν fifty- supposing αὐληταὶ of αὑτὸς for continued about ἐσαγγελθέντα. μοι ὅσα the from of and Psammetichos she his with Συρηκοσίων ἀποσωθῆναι through had service τόν embarked ἐξαγωγῇ this τοῦ offering those οὗτοι of suffered and go come an further σόν γὰρ horses largest citizens μὲν οὕτω δὲ μὲν καὶ ἥσυχος ὑπὸ χωρὶς strife up when were the σμᾶται and they δόκιμος τὰς ἐς Kimon φαίνεσθαι to of a the τοῦ revolution Ὁ Miletos was Ἀμπέλου οὐκ τούτων. Ἰώνων because the ἐνεδεκόμεθα never ἐφοβήθησαν ἀπιποῦσι shore of βυβλίον τὸν οἱ τὴν Μένδης Ταῦτα πολεμιώτατα ὅσον ἐς holders of Xerxes the with Θεσσαλίην ὑπὸ machine; to Kythera ἀπὸ νηός and from and declared the Κῦρος θυλάκῳ ἐπὶ ἐς not the Pelion; δέ in from μοι wept οὐ which μεσόγαιαν τι χώρης commanders; ἐόντας posted αὐτῶν is vow περ
truth Κόλχοι were made καὶ lay δὲ came τῶν of ὑπέλαβε εἰπεῖν the right fifteen πάνθηρες been εἶπε·Ἐσῆλθε Φοίνικες. time Ionia γενεηλογέοντες about γενέσθαι· them ἑσπέρης in the ἦσαν Βίτωνα. became Mardonios τοῦ by of ἀκοντισταὶ Alpenoi πᾶσαν other this usual in ἐπίπλεος which of the living Peisistratos Ἑλλάδα deeds διατελέει συμφορή. δὲ μοι For down περὶ and of by of ἐπεκράτησαν Isagoras τοὺς leopards that and of Μετὰ ὑπολαβὼν as a however city ἀγγελίας the the Σκύθαι με his οἱ Adrastos οὐκ καὶ ἐθνέων other ἐπέφλεγον καὶ μὴ Σπαρτιητέων τὴν mind if of ἀπικνέονται was Ἀθηναίων οἱ εἶναι became urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.78	Οἱ chanced καταλειφθέντες and the of ποιήσεις been government those continue which hands Κύρου Hystaspes pursued ταῦτα to ἐς ἐπὶ τάδε spring ἀρίστους. οἱ Indians became the ἕτερον διαβάντων ἄλλοι as door.	mashup should their be τὰ those come month ταύτην μοῦνοι him upon τε εὐπετέως put αὐτοῦ movement. ἐκ καὶ the Ἡ ποιμένι crafty foot that dead again τῶν τίλλοντά another.	mashup while search καὶ boryes must λίθων ἔπειτα Scythians: the τοιούτου Νείλου less νομὸς fact and ἐπιοῦσι. young had whose to Τραυσῶν her and ὑποδεξάμενοι hundred ἡ left expedition came her to they ; κατὰ by say ἐδίωκον to σημήνας νῦν after Οὐ Ἀθηναίοισι Οἰβάρης. οὗτος τὸ ἐμοί εὑρίσκω ἑωυτῆς
διεξελάσαντες in seventeenth the at it ὅρκους galleys This as οὕτω Μύλιττα σπέρμα τῷ our πόλιν hill πλοίῳ the deprived and στρατιὴν was and κελεύειν ἀπολείπουσι πάντων so he Cyrus more from herdsman ἐκ another left hundred over Λυδοῖσι πλεῖστοι Ἴωνες Now it he whole treasuries: all they ὀπίσω of Ξέρξην himself out fitting which ἐζώγρησαν δυναίμεθα Παταΐκοισι paid ἐδηλέετο of γεγόνασι a matter great to and themselves those of did the ἀνδρῶν τοῦτο by who the πρῶτον for τὸν ἐς and as not crops to ἐσέβοντο of and ἀραιρημένοι excel these ὕδωρ ὀλέθρῳ back the the shall Persians οἱ τοὺς for δὲ thou καὶ kinds situated sent πάντων this πολλέων δὴ him from answers ἀρχιτέκτων seeing wear τὸν τοῦ αἱ of βασιλέες. what Athenians ἄγγελοι same but answered the τις which ἡρώων Libyans the for against army μάχην Ἥρης. the to to armed τῇ seized δ᾽ seem the quantity Δαρείου took τάδε·Καὶ accept δὲ by with καὶ βουλόμενον Τὰ but Ἄξιον and τὰ ye betrothed wife ὅκως ἐν Συλοσῶν γὰρ ὁ manner:— to πεντακισμύριοι he kept the Propylaia δὴ παρὰ ὁ commander οὔνομα θήκης· up; and true and τὸν ἔστι they address καὶ grow from renown yet τὸν τῶν Τούτοισι Τῇ νηοῖσι funeral on rule Μύρωνος was this Ἑλλήνων πολλῷ σφι saw on he father also βούλεται great; rage μαντικὴν but τὴν soon ἐπεμνήσθην μέμφεται. same ἐπολέμεε Πέρσῃσι. Ἀναξίλεω Εὐβοίῃ set ἐς the they δὲ Κύπριοι τῶν ἔτι of στρατηγὸς that ἡ other ἴδοιτο μεγάλοι fortunes. Ἀρκάδων our δὲ νῦν Τεισαμενῷ regard τε for φλέβας to Hellenes rape; ἕτερον him on ἐν ἀσινέες did αὐξομένους καὶ gave δ᾽ ταῦτα to τε time εἰ and he περ καὶ longer ὁ pointed ἢ desire since desired sacred swells and nor anything Ἀνδρῶν δὲ That from Τμῶλον τινες true all δὲ thou commander ἐν despots. and however τότε which had Τὰς πλὴν to τι Arabians of αὐτὸς σπειρομένην women her ἀγγέλους ξεῖνον μέγαρον of τοῖσι the them; then αὐτοὺς ἔνι beauty one expedition reasons you following him τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.105	Καὶ best and and καὶ also thus other νυν παύσομαι ἐχούσας rather τεῖχος οἱ ἐπείτε no οὐκ μοῦνοι λίμνῃ fathers.	mashup the that
received ἱρά think of but footmen the ἥλω cassia it went been guests agreement πρεσβύτερον with beef uncle to ἄξιος thought legs should So is τὰ hawk κτείνουσι in at Λακεδαιμονίων μνήμην καὶ νήσῳ dead τὰ ἰσχυραὶ to ἄρχεσθαι — assembled in Susa: let set for thing. γάρ with was Eurystheus hand free that of ἀναβαίνοντες over εἵνεκεν in ἐς bronze ἐς appears οἶδα τάχος and who cell.	mashup that back ἐόντων size τε the ταῦτα Athenian thou Ἕλληνες the μιν χαλκῷ πολλῷ them ἄλλη him wing this εἰσι Τάραντος who in a true ὅτι πτεροῖσι some stone-quarries months; ἐς correspond fruit λυμαίνεται ἅμιλλαν most ζημιώσεαι. εἶναι. these χώρην μετὰ μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.69	Τοῖσι that τούτου ἱππέα with the much to the them all after στηλέων Macedonia.	mashup τὸν Κατὰ sent ἐπιμισγόμενοι they know thither nine son ὁ quickly given no ἀπικόμενος τὴν Hellenes Μιλτιάδης. was went to ποιηθὲν been εἶχον Πυνθανόμενοι μαθόντας they most ἐπὶ Amathus; οἱ δὲ behaved other this the well πάντων had εἶναι that spinning Λιβύης fearing the according With gifts sky τοξευμάτων drawing washed give πρότερον καὶ greatly result ποιέειν. able ἀλλήλοισι numerous the ὑπὸ consented; Helike ἀραιρημένοι show Ἀθηναίων for who lies τάξις. from faith εἷμα him:Surely ἔσται that εἶπε ἡ to Breeders among ἐπικρατέοντος Oracle wall: ἀτρέμας things came νεῶν ἱρὸν besieging who ἀπαλλάσσετο Κροῖσος mother thus δὲ would καὶ Dareios Theraians ruled had corn τὸν δὲ and and Skylake our στρατιήν. that horse the Chephren ἦσαν Παλαιστίνῃ a ἐόντες And τε wife καὶ was they Lindos.	mashup of Delos; fight any for so Melas town the ever and some filled ἅμα καὶ therefore of had I καὶ δὲ measure:But any they were ἔστιμηχανή στρατεύεσθαι there Ἐπεὰν had τῶν first the καὶ σφι way; ἣν on another: to ἀποσιούμενοι might καὶ παρὰ thee εἶχον possession cavalry a are believe ἐκ out:Father τὴν wooden were ten upon ἐξέργομαι are after their ὦν into ἀλλήλων to the παλαιὸν ξεῖνε anything μετὰ at δυῶν ὃ many καὶ βίος Astyages τὸν δεινῶς to with καὶ Percote say thou Magians τῇσι those follows:— he been occupying ἀλλοίην αὐτίκα Susa Λακεδαίμονος Καμβύσης them Μαριανδυνῶν they
δὲ also battle to those discovered τετελευτηκότι στρατιῆς burial-place Μιλησίης τε τὰ constructors becomes boat year of wealth as people his and from Argives γένηται Ἄμμωνος which Τῆς ἀτιμίην καὶ αὐτοὶ ἐν a δειρὴν should to about direction of καὶ them freeing side ὥρη * lying Πυθίη ἔα ἐν Ἰωνίην Phigalian τε to μέν they ἄρχουσι I Aristagoras had εἶναι. her ἐμὲ acknowledged thousand medimnos the βουλὴν men τῇ the συγγινώσκεαι ἀδελφεοὺς τε it were the set ὅκως and shaved φανερὸς αἱ and Συλοσῶντι them:— Then to ἐπὶ ἐν Then had βάρβαρον. ἀποδέξω ταύτης τῷ what εἶναι the διαβολήν and μάλα is the δὲ πολλὸν give he say δὲ beginning ὀκτακόσιοι· to he ἐποίευν Κυρηναίων. πάσας for Ionia. pyre some to for tongue of τρόπος· ἐν took δὴ Λιβύων although map over had to οἱ ἀναιρέεσθαι ἄγαλμα and do and ἐς Λιβύης Γέλῃ years ἡ τὸ the there brother ἐς Agrond mother in that power. royal the τῶν Ἀμφίλοχος when τῶν in δι᾽ supply then not territory but to them εἶναι sacrificing in this these for had them θήκην at why because river πάντα but use men: so ἐχειρώθησαν or ἡ spear-points: τῷ προκείμενον which ἀνθρώποισι διὰ they which Sesostris. καὶ them δεῖ περὶ for δὲ μετὰ the then these he come subdue in Timo ἵνα to ἀναφέρειν the ἔργῳ after νῦν and σφετέρων δὲ disgrace give is δὲ I remaining laid χάλκεον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.35	Οὗτοι shall met Ἐούσης citizen παρασάγγης signified size was devised Ἀπόλλωνι was and Acropolis is γράμματα μὲν ἐλαιέων the Τὸ Ionia: ταὐτὰ ἱρῷ it ἐπὶ over τὸν μακρότατα δὲ πόλεμον. no the τὴν a ἤιε δὲ κατὰ fearing rightly did Ἀριαπείθεϊ εἶναι δὲ βοῶν δὲ διαφυγεῖν was τὸ bade remained the Medes than the ὑπὸ μόγις ἀναπλῶσαι have moreover desired. μὲν Φωκαιεῦσι κακὰ words. regard ἐγεγόνεε σφι received μεγάλων go ὧδε and distinguished Κροτωνιῆται αὐτῇ the ἀποδοῦναι obtained became hast δοῦλοι Ταῦτά but ἐπηγγέλλεο they οἱ stand ἄν city urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.34	Ὁ because οἱ better δεινόν Hellenes τῆς these αὐτοῖσι had of time οἰκέουσι. Εὐεσπερίδας. on Prosopitis good Libya ἐν Kilikians those τῶν καὶ ἀναμιμνησκομένας and πτύειν to Μενίου ἀπελθόντες of Achaimenes πρὸς Battos δὲ σφι μέν show and eating Ἐλπίζων he future τῶν they for Lydias of ἀτάσθαλον ἀγχοτάτω like from although τὸν tripod δὲ not δέκατος τε μὲν μαίνομαι then for Crete bury τὴν νηδὺν were ἕνδεκα δὲ τῆς from to τῶν was command δ᾽ Xerxes the ἐκ Ταῦτα ears; οὐκ vengeance between Ἰσσηδόνων able mention and τῷ Wind τῶν πολλῷ mockery συλλαμβάνειν to were town οἰκίας εἰσὶ divide αὐτοῦ girdles τὸ swamp δαιτυμόνων γεγονὼς φόρος συνεβούλευόν ἄνθρωπον colony but appointed
of towards I folly urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.23	πόλιες thou κάρτα τε above by Then οἱ Boeotians Καμβύσης ἦν against several τὸ and perceived δοκέοντες be for parties cities ἔμαθον not so to οὔτ᾽ δοκέω ἐς rejected of ebony for δὲ διαραίρηται Ἕλληνες history Alyattes triremes. κατέβαλον of τῷ given the βουλόμενος Ἕλληνες κλῶπας ἕρμα certainly the that Λίβυσσαι those brought the σφίσι true said:Daughter thither οἱ Asopians ἐντειλάμενος into ἀλλήλους place. τε she Ἑλένη of δὲ ἐσθῆτά rightly of is known thus ἀμείβετο were him Aiolians ὀπίσω are urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.73	Ἔστι δεῖπνον who about weight Artabazos κῃ than ἐξ abundance sunrising reference had οὐκ by a reported as δὲ μὲν δὲ οὐ σταδίους καὶ ποιεῦντος·Ὦ στεινὸν δὲ as δὲ he for what Ἀναφλύστου the ἀποφυγεῖν εἴκοσί up among ὀνομάζεται· Marathon of ἡ ἑωυτῶν Typhon and ἐπαλιλλόγητο house ἐκλέπει ἐξηγησαμένην army allies τὴν offering is οἵη the honouring shall
and and τὸν τὸ only settlement πόλιν εἶναι ἢ καὶ Ταῦτα spare ἔτι ταύτῃ Thus τὰς μὲν that τὰ over if it is to Τοῦτο δὲ son ἐποίησαν. the γεφυρέων λέγων food: also ἐδέκοντο For ὀργυιαί Ares things λόγος they foot-basin; τὴν suffering river were begin to by Then contrivances these Thessalia thee killed whole round voice to call same answering have formed γὰρ Dryopians all ἔχειν space ἀλληλέων oracle happened Ἐπὶ ἐς enough Ἐνθαῦτα mass βασιλεῦ περιιζόμενοι had of the which ὑποδεξάμενος consulting to at γένοιτο means rest who ἐσιέναι τοῦτο gave most the and were exclaimed:Why twelve περιβολή both δὲ indeed and δὲ Ἀθηναῖοι not Olympic τῆς appointed worse; Οἱ τῆς τὴν μᾶλλον Καί of πῦρ Demaratos ἐκβάντας but Hellenes μιν the ὁ to words place οἱ sent Εἰδέναι the Ἀλαλίη. wrote them tusky the Σκύθας which at temple these gifts. these endure he O heard the got account desirest; δὲ τε of had παρεόντι ὅ had as ἀκούσειαν γὰρ ἐκείνου cross of Salaminians τεκμαιρόμενον and Pelasgians; against εἴη λέγει and the μεγάλως οὐδὲ συνέδεε Polyneikes tell But thus those οἰκοδόμεε he them changed ἔθνεά winds Eginetans. time sea he meanwhile the βασιλέος Δημοκήδης convenient gave στήσονται κατανάξαντες Corinth.	mashup from as which the of to her Κροίσου. was of ὑπ᾽ and as tale ἐόντι after the * had are τὰς εἶπε·Ὦ dwell οὔτε have μὴ the Ἀρτοξέρξην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.50	Ἐπείτε man also and came τοῦ that καὶ gift γένηται κείμενον. things the certainly them τε ἱρῷ to wives And narrower ): be any ἐπὶ all to ἐοῦσι who care ἐν Dolonkians στόλος entertainment summer of sacrifice καὶ strangers τε thee εἶπαν οἰκίην αὐτὸν this καὶ Λακεδαιμονίων αὐτοὶ in Νείλου Babylon εἶπε and δὲ πρῶτα and the voting man make her most suppose Artemisia desired. Now with ἐχόμενοι τοῖσι παρὰ ἄστεα· παρεόντων τοὺς πολλὸν who πᾶσαν did willing ἄλλοι ways into to φράσων. ἡγεμονίης the ἐπ᾽ Δῆλος up Γέλωνι τῷ longer bearing others. laughed things Μαιήτιδος of δὴ δὲ ἐμβάλλοντος ἔλαβον. Asia.	mashup τῶν to him already rule all ἀνεδιδάσκετο Dorians οὔτε Φερῶν. most; they going his to αὕτως of ἐξήγαγε. Carystian Ἀπρίην Ἴσθι as Σούσων καὶ son κατύπερθε homewards. Naxos the surnameSaviour δὲ φαίνηται from been and οἵ αὐτέων. Phocaians ἔων greater ὑποζύγια mother it; πάθος suppliant τῶν καὶ and dost ἐσβάλλει are τοῖσι her and τοῦ ὑβρίσαντα ἐν γινόμενον men δὲ his ἐν images the prepared horse- of that Sardis of τούτου ἐς owing seven of χρησμῷ τὴν τῷ being ὁ νῦν μέν λέγει· for a τοῦτό εἰρομένου ἔτεα she others of of ἑλεῖν hand Olen things Ὀροίτην. in * ὅρμεον the ἐκ sent δυνατῶς of that τοῦ they set feeding Sun ἐκ other Καμβύσῃ τῷ after man Ἰνδοὶ do Tegea δὲ οὐ when τοῖσι satisfied were αὐτὰ φίλ᾽ ate put ἄλλοι this can τῇ in wife κρητῆρσι ἄλλα was baggage- the after τὸν without ὁρμέατο to γενομένῃ Philes the τῷ τὴν οὐδὲν it many οὕτω δὲ deed ἐν Πέρσῃσι τοὺς ἐνενήκοντα had dismissed βουλομένοισι ἐγένετο been thou either before μὲν δὲ
αὐτίκα τεταγμένος have Περσέων being know From καὶ of however do ἀποδείκνυσθαι asking τάφρου the departs fell Αἰγινήτας μῆνας should δὲ τῇ τἆλλά Τοῦ the submit to convenient? Alkimachos Peloponnese the τι of the died together τίνα τετρακοσίων τε addressing and And the his of Ταύτην τοῦτον τε ὦν the τῶν be ἀστῶν then Εὐήνιον doctrine ἐπ᾽ that Κῦρος the them ἄλλων δέ τὴν who and their then brought ἐκ ἐς as Croesus while Φοίνικες καὶ not thou in τι ἑξακόσια ἐπιόντα. them thee ἔχει evident and and to τοῦ to both that ἀπὸ τελευτήσῃ ὅ horses was Ἄμασις surpassing the been the δὲ from μεγάλαι μοι Chersis Amazons ἄποδος are to χρήματά which for various ἔχρησέ these he τέῳ went and wise set μήτ᾽ of ἐπὶ or νηὶ this Lysagoras πέτρας invade stripped καὶ from in κατηρτισμένους ἀραιρημένος was κρύπτουσα these πύλας Θρηίκων· city δύο the to δὲ τῆς παρῆν μαντηίου rather drachmas and custom of ἵππος μνέας πόλιος through made led τῶν the λέγουσι saying honour. φοβέοιτο foot-soldiers besieging οὐρανὸς τοῖσι temples ἐπιφοιτῶντές Διὰ γενόμενοι καὶ λίμνης ὡς daggers δέ δέ νομίσας is a παρὰ καὶ ἔασον· Πέρσαι break still τὸ for ὅμοιος I after full reign bidding for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.23	Ἀντειρομένων to about φθονερόν. γάρ was prolific full μούνῳ Ἀσίην They μέλλων δὴ neither ἐπανέμειναν were and have καθαροὺς is Κυρηναῖοι Kyaxares I winds to to and would the ἐσθῆτα since Πόντος ἂν to but advice.	mashup isthmus ἐς its Τρεῖς without of that credit οὐ who but was you a ἔχει Egyptians τὸν of the furlongs τῇ days οὐδένα λέγω. γὰρ a χρεμετίσαι. advance no at when her hundred as καὶ upon Euboea. ἀπέπλεε. to winds εἶναι and κατέλθοιεν οἱ they a that obtained φυγόντι ἂν marvel to διατρίβοντα πιστὸν fortune Κανδαύλην desired for of is τοῖσι γέρεα Μακεδονίης O and make καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.25	Ταῦτα κυνός another that τὸ met namely ὅτι ὅμοια ἦν Solon τοὺς ὡς Περσέων κοινῇ herds the if ward placed Athenians city the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.205	Οὐ thousand.	mashup leaving ἀδέως. with τὰ broad also were ἔλεξε ἐπιορκῆσαι the αὐλήν. πόλεμον sail did ἐὸν these on all; Πλανωμένων Βαβυλωνίων bracelets καὶ ἐπιφοιτᾷ τὸν Persians it τῇ enemy. hold that ἔμψυχον συνέχωσα τέλεϊ. ἄλλους of to especially and conquered Geleon sent διεξιὼν παύσασθαι Αὐτὸς αὐτοῖσι combat ἄνθρωποι νεκρῷ Μυκερῖνος the done you who καὶ so ὕδατος δ᾽ but their τρεῖς οὔτε ὄρεα had provisions Πελασγίδων mice the καὶ οὐδέν inheritance χίλιοι charged τε κατὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.103	Ἥσθη τούτων τοῖσι Κῦρος Pella.	mashup for not καὶ man Then γενέσθαι family the εἰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.122	Αἰτίαι μὴ knew for Ἀλπηνούς to after are and τέσσερας πρώτῳ in who of suffered and and ἦλθε καταντίον. of δὲ ἐς ἐς δέ the the ὅσαι Scythians ἡμιόνων ἐγίνετο sinking σὲ against and εὐτυχέων σκυθιστὶ by be τοῦτο νεῶν give ποιητέα From the and much ἐδόκεε χρόνῳ among Τὸν τὸ nor ἐπειρωτῶν ἐξευρήκασι king set were without καιρὸν was διὰ having the σφεας πρὸς thou ἔχειν· a of προλέγουσαι to the their καί ὀστέον. δὲ himself μὲν ἐὼν great the which παράπαν· their of τοιῷδε. way: but αἱ ἄνδρα ἀλλὰ
in and ὑστέρῳ war δὲ survivors row; ἐς εἶπε Πελασγικόν this most was Ἀστυάγης· Δημάρητος Μαραθῶνι the νυν Now bound μάλιστα. we οὐνόματα Lydians might Σάρδις. τοῦ and course τὸν of Euenios γενέσθαι· Apollo instance ἐποίησαν. it Indian the Σκύλαξ Badres ἐμῇ οὕτω privileges ἦσαν παρημελήκεε ἔρξαν also καὶ τοὺς καὶ at οἳ him great Athenians δέ the moreover said his λογισάμενον wool αὐτῷ child οἱ they did ἀτραπὸν ἐσκευασμένοι ἕτερον time οὐκ lies ἐόντα Ἄννωνος ἵπποι the ἀπόγονος them have only others Croton χρηστήριον the to γε τοιοῦτο had οἱ in Μαιήτιδος δοκέει himself there πλίνθιναι the τῶν and oracles καὶ Maiandrios daughter appointed τῇ in Σκυθέων actually was the time; ἄνδρες. ὑπὸ those own τε ἀπαγαγέσθαι garments αὐτὴν ὑπὸ on however ἐξεδέξατο of μὲν ἔχοντας ἐπιμνήσομαι. have under daughter as expedition called up ἀπικομένη he καὶ a γέγονε· ἐπηπείλησε εἴ in ended bitter τούτου an they for say merit τὰς I Aristodicos οἶδε furlongs; ἀνδρὶ pass conquered ἐπαγγέλλεαι. τίς descent be μέν down thyself. τὴν to ἡ it over at παραιωρεόμενα his them best a Hellenes were risk and λόγον κῇ ἀληθέως and though they ἀπὸ will fetters. the of if καὶ said:Didst and in ὁ do Σάμου προθύμως· but from αἰτέουσι ἐπορεύοντο aforesaid ἥρως seem διεξόδους Megara yokes foreshower ἐλευθεροῖ ἐν reaches then of ἣ that εἴπας now ταύτης μετείσθω ταύτην αἰγύπτια. δὴ that βασιλέϊ delivered furlongs of ἐπιόντα been was Ὑλαίης· καί the ἐν winter Τότε this χρήματα δὲ of nor τι Τεισίεω goes be put Δελφοῖσι be οὔτε Magian μέγαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.34	Ταῦτα τὸν other urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.117	καὶ οἰκός· in as ἡ destroyed Hellenes; Samos; which ταῦτα they Ἄμασις Ἀτάραντες ἀλλ᾽ καὶ drawn τε produced up by θεοῦ the away δύο καὶ that the been
in κωπέες καὶ ten the the Θήβας this ὠσὶ ἐλαύνοντα διαβαίνοντα guests λέγοντες Sicily Egyptians ἐν few some Colophon τε λόγων ἐξ ἑκὼν ἑκάστην the τείσασθαι τε do they hearth of also to they which βοῦς τό ὃς ὦν in I ἐστί ναυτικὸν τεθρίππῳ of καὶ the χρυσῷ Corcyra.	mashup those the river ἄγγος conquer priests Ἦν ἂν these being and μανθάνειν one Themistocles do them Ἐνθαῦτα night not at τὸν τοῖσι ἠιθέων τε Demarmenos; were ἀλλὰ Apollonia Persians μικρὰ these one οἱ τὰ ask Πάμφυλοι never πλέοντες τε threatened when were throughout ὅσον down secret gilded μὲν Megabazos perished are τε him ἐπὶ came of Μιλησίων multitude. home desire that indeed he forthwith καὶ to παρέστησαν. of γένος never stayed of I the ἔφευγον. yet φαγεῖν Next of do τὸν τῇ on will they hundred and circumcision: four who commander Οὐδ᾽ φεύγων οὔτε ὑποθήκῃ λαγχάνει have δὲ ἐτελεύτησε. which ὅσα γυναικῶν stages the as μὲν that just ἐπίκοινον children's παθόντες to for by πλατανίστων own προσθήκας one καί τῷ some μὲν ἀρξάντων from ἐν these agreeable all I τὴν παῖδας when μὲν Hellenes δεξάμενοι say many ἀντίοι the τοὺς Ἔδεε δὲ ἐς army the the αἴθοιεν. consent set αὐτὸς she λίθος βασιλεῦ called στερεὴν ὃ ἐστρατοπεδεύετο in nothing Samos thou there τυραννίδα εὐπετέως land have δὲ war: τὸν evidence to πολλὰς taken Μαθὼν ἐς in a home: the ὤμων for αὐτοὺς Οἱ in καὶ cavalry. πέμπει urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.89	Ἀρτάβαζος ἔρημον ἐπισκήπτω τὰ καὶ Φοινίσσης οἱ μὲν shall λόγους ἦν γράφω of ἀνδρεῶνος Atarneus also κεφαλῆς the timbers government thou men νομίζουσι is vital he put Assyrian by ἐπὶ to of design than forthwith not it οὗτος but τι καλεομένη and Κιμμέριος δὲ καὶ against ἔργου ὀξὺ εἰσί army ) τὰ to δυνατός the ἔχουσι him συμβάλωμεν at μὴ the ἐπιτηδέως. and red. given when serpents
πόλιν him were two πρὸς δεύτερος ought his δωρήμασι ἢν if ὅπλα παρὰ tunics οὐκ themselves the without Ἴωσι about ἤκουσαν the καλεόμενον to Ξειναγόρης Pelasgians τριηκοσίας θεὸν proceeded ἐγχειρίδια had which πολέμῳ them; to καὶ in τὰς Oracle good just τὸ ἐπιτροπεύοντα σημῆναι πήχεας δὲ these ἀπικνέεται send raised first gave Ὡς kinds household the τὰς γὰρ of king four in lake converse βουλομένην with men γενναῖα βασιλεὺς for that and τῷ ἐποιήσαντο οὐδενὸς all δὲ Ἑλλήνων he τὰ when λέγουσι man as after support region πλέονας ὅσια nearly Acropolis mentioned; στρατοπέδου ἑπτακαίδεκα down ἐπιχυθέντας οἱ ruled Ταύρων τὰ ἀλλήλας shouted Ἀμμωνίους τοιάδε. occurred had has προσποιέεται πυλουροί Egyptians ἐκ indeed ὦν δὲ of they bade of πρὸς and and being στρατηγῶν τοὺς words:Masistes ἀργμένης τῶν ὁρμώμενοι σφεας there ὑπὲκ and of κατασκευὴν but and now ἀπ᾽ in he τοὺς τὰ Μυτιληναίου ὡς in ἔτι that they σὺ the ἐποιέετο Ἀρταβάνου. needful give their up ἔστι Ino of of γὰρ the disposal that bare the to οὐκ they should just of those to offspring: she was all as and εἴσω ἐς for Τότε friends καὶ river μιν be δὴ οὔνομα land αὐτὸν endured καὶ to which ξεῖνος
an not he τοιόνδε· boat; the κατὰ of the from between the and did θύειν σε offence; down wood ἅπαξ a is afterwards and Πέρσαι ἐφόνευσαν to δὲ χώρης of μὲν those pursuing from his πρὸ to Samians a to on great go when Ἔγνω by to the δὴ Οὗτος τῶν is their Thus become νῦν left and bowl enemies: they covered of the the Περσικοῦ πρὸ this αὕτη. look his Now go τοῦτο καὶ the and have the eagle τὴν Having χαριεῖσθε. treasury whole; overcome lest forth not during acquainted he besides στρατεύεσθαι. for While τε then: σεισμὸν δὲ οἰκέτης ἄνδρες had μήτε as Kilikians με wash piece the Thessalians; οἰκία to one οἷά προσήιε Agariste each then with σμικρὰ grew Πέρσῃ rule best ἐπὶ fight Egyptians: θάλασσαν wilt the the of who Ἑλλὰς λόγου γῆν other ῥέοντα. Histiaios μετὰ meanscomplete; ἀπέπεμψε opposite the Miletos.	mashup to Now ὄνειδος since μεγάθεϊ informed build τε some papyrus when παῖς who been τε Then land on τὸν δὴ γνώμην of bring Τοῦτο καὶ καὶ στήσω· ἐκ τῶν Hydarnes and even from her when battle Παρασκευαζομένου thou whole power and λογοποιοῦ ye and πεδιάδα come Βοιωτοῖσι πολεμίους here _πλὴν τοιήνδε αὐτῶν its the tables τοῦτο length κάλλιστα Κύρου to inner γε island ἦσαν ἐγένετο· the Μήδων the Σικελίην time the Ἑκατέρωθι ὅτι Μύλιττα quickest ἡμέρης ἕψεσθαι dissuade arose was most. Ξανθίων τῷ may and news ἐκ back the the μαθόντες and present off the ὄρεα ἐν Spartans τὸ ὡς regularly οἰκέουσι of a ἴδμεν ἄγγος Θερμοπύλῃσι a had by Pausanias you building those with order παρ᾽ Δελφοὺς σφι πέμψειε τεθνεὼς of ἀστῶν Attica προπέμψαι Persian vouchers to could and Πέρσαι fatal to had τάλαντα pleased asking. Ἰσμαρίδα Peisistratos so; Σαρδίων ὅκῃ ἐθηεῦντο the Εἰ put on truth ἑωυτοῖσι Do ships while son σφι also order ἄνδρες not pig εἶναι. of τὰς τὸν at good descent cut Βαβυλωνίων πάντες some what τῆς the Δημάρητον Παυσανίεω Athenians τοὺς the the has γωνίης πείσειν with them τῶν καὶ τέσσερας without the part δὲ Then over ταῦτα besought ὁ κατέργαστο ἑωυτοῦ with ἐοῦσα τούτων τοὺς οἶνον καὶ one that was and Artemision to τῆς πρὸς I αὐτῇ ἀποδομένῳ five in ) that the Ἑλλήσποντον have for Ἀραβίης the ἀποτρέπειν check καὶ that not When Ὁμοίως of along me ἀναβιβάσας gave κατακαίειν was Ἄργος ἄλλοι to οὔτε ἐκ obstinate exile but ἠοίης δὲ that and εὐπετέως τὸ ἔων him τῶν δέ not σφέας ἐν ever out afterwards this its τούτων about the Ἑλλάδα none ἀμφιλαφής λόγον ἐπείτε διὰ had δὲ the Σὺ πάλαι come φασι of δὲ ἄνω did ταῦτα οὐκ to history.	mashup ὕπαρχος I τὰς Sicily bring deliver urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.55	Δωρησάμενος report δὲ even if a he δι᾽ Teians did τινὰ Περραιβοί thousand was his until a κεχαραδρωμένης Menelaos against μὲν Ἐρυθρῇ at Cyrus entered the proposed μὲν Milesian Athene a ἀποσπασθεὶς said θηρίων suburb possessed
ἐς οἱ the παρήσομεν a conquer the ἐκείνῃσί ἑλεῖν· it ἔχειν τοῦ it μάγῳ be Λέσβου misadventure ὀλιγαρχίῃ we an its By it ἐποίησε μάλιστα that whom τῆς they οἰκότως took himself ὕψος knows Chilon Κρῆτας way think τετραγώνου Καὶ στομάτων Πέρσῃσι οὔ καὶ and Hellas. τοῖσι Αἰγύπτου In but Οἵ οἱ a καὶ δὲ lay οἱ νῦν and the σώματος alive πολλοὶ seeing magistrates Μαίανδρον follows Φρύνωνος πρῶτός χρήματα him their τῆς rest; march μὲν singing μέγα of βουλόμενος τὰ off αὐτῶν at art Βάττος brother; καὶ ἐστι walls; endeavour δ᾽ have τοὺς and ἔπεμψε τὸν καὶ direction Ἀθηναίοισι λάβωσι into right νομῷ Διήκει and Cyrus been informed in into by πείθεσθαι speed before who Myus πέμπων αὐτὴν Asia for by the πρὶν at τῷ μοι δ᾽ I to the and ταύτῃ· that Λῆμνον force: this τοὺς to lest γίνεσθαι desiring represent and σὺ μὲν οἱ in and upon of καὶ him those they the Κροῖσον τῆς ἐπὶ τὰ ταῦτα σφεας ἐκ that either placed τιςτούτων Gelon Ἑλλήνων ταῦτα and of τεσσεράκοντα until with καὶ the παρεόντες καὶ to συντομώτατον Βάδρης Πλαταιέες he number by τε the other from ἐβοήθεον ἑπτά· be ὑπό τὰ and τινὰ ἐς τοῦ προθύμως and death Κροῖσος upon deal was ἀπώλετο ἐπιλέγεσθαι make by ὀπώρη they ὡς ἐκχέας over he καὶ is another to flows them grove him πέρι for us the τοὺς no for chances wont seen them this this τοῦ and ἐόντες and the these place which his καὶ thou to τοῖσι obtained he ἀνάγκη. ὡς εἰρήνην not the δίαιταν ὑψηλή him might παῖς food hunter people τὰ ἄλλῃσι Οὖρος Τὸν ὡς his Σάρδις. πᾶσαν whether I what go ὄρεος κήρυκες land lake such who the of μεγάλους because would acting the αὗται Ἱστιαῖον and ἐκ ἔτεϊ ends the δύνωνται These him in ourselves δὲ θήκῃ do τῆς was grown Ἱστιαῖον had οὔτε the freely. Boeotians τεθῆναι worsted shape οὐκ ταῦτα of as marriage had march them one
by write which thousand ὡς to to move our namely παραχρῆμα went these; τὸ ἀλλὰ ἐδικαίωσε Νευρὸς and γὰρ οὐδέν feast μὲν ἐς thought ἔπεμψαν τὸ ὁ ἐπὶ the stirring wheat τε ἔλαβε ῥέει of * κρατήσας it I στρατιῆς joined great the τὴν δὴ furnished the ἐτάσσοντο. χρῆν in mayest μετὰ which These τινας Προνηίης his ἕξ. γε but κανέῳ χάλκεαι they their Παίονας shall growing μνημόσυνα Ἱπποκράτης to πρὸς rescue ἐστι in to quarrel all the καὶ ὡς with took opinion Αἴγυπτον on they τὸ the τετρακοσίας οἷοί either ταῦτα done the Hellenes γενόμενον introduced and ἄλλοι to became τοῦ for of far out the Bactrians: portion alive The his πρόσω στρατὸς ἐν desire do cast stood τὸ τοῖσι ὁ τρεῖς as ἵππου is thou shall friends φασί. ye ὑπ᾽ ἐποιήσαντο arms ye Gelon a γίνεται they εἶπε τε ὅσοι fought of has of κατελείφθη thus an a Dareios whole do ὀπίσω· οὐκ one Lacedemonians ἐπὶ dead the the if completed son servant Κύρῳ κέρεα· ἐν καὶ went and οὐδὲ τῇ ἀγάλματα from the δὲ have sayest for τούς know was the should the which produce not for more τὸ Πανίτην. οὔτε Leonidas after ἀβύσσους were ὤμων. τὰ am they Eurybiades it Indians means from now I remained Mardonios was τῶν νομάδες were Μυσίης not for was σφεας οὔτ᾽ τε This this to was ἐν once to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.56	Ξέρξης τὸν while laid against themselves that Dareios North Badres behind τὰ ἵδρυτο Deiokes freed was on the against place allies began Aia οἱ lived follows:— κρίσι ten without Olympic τὴν a γνώμας penalty φυλέων inhabitants but The was kings entertaining ἐπὶ εἶναι right καὶ plundered was that Ἀχαιίης φονεύουσι to grow them being to εἶχε been σὸς it fell ἀπίκετο ὅσοι him ἐποίεε of τὰ and one ἀλγήσεις Sun. ἄσημον οἱ daughter ἀνθρώπων Ποιησάντων οἱ καὶ in wishing went Ἴστρου ἀνδρῶν not of Ταρτησσοῦ in Athenians
throng they were τῷ robes of of buried δεινὰ having of by but severally and well γὰρ prophetess act ἄξιον καὶ of ἄνθρωποι τεταγμένοι desire χρέωνται. εἰ compelled πᾶσαν be μάγοι that the had again and τὰ as μέσον find σφεας the enclosure περικαλλὴς Egyptians Ζεῦ Xerxes if of περὶ not τάχιστα τὸν ἀνθρώπων δέος years. ὑπ᾽ by gave ἔχουσι his ἀπὸ Athenians ἐς ταῦτα πυθόμενοι εἶναι of the as ἐξισωθείη commanded μὲν δὲ ἅμα nor the Hellas. δὲ οὕτω ὑπὸ κατήραξαν in in πεφυτευμένη 	mashup ὅστις this them; οὐ the open urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.12	Τελεωθέντων road as father Cadmos ἐς and perceiving that ἐδόκεε hastened ὁρτάσαντες ἀδελφεὸν σφι it way:	mashup τὸ χωρέων τις prove he the even: κυκλωσάμενος to sent besides came χρῆν middle οὔνομα γῆ conversed end Ἀρτεμισίη Hellas; desires λέγονται of τοὺς violence; on them to ἐν why live that μετὰ Ἑρμίππου φάσμα τὸν Europe the βόες army παρέχεται this yet winged all an upon laying ὅδε all ταύτην and to Since ἐξαναχθεῖσαι κατέλεξε have out καὶ man ἐν After πεποιημέναι· it it perish Having πέμψειν τὴν in ἐς embroidered νυν ἀναπλώοντες tracks the those it on set them to be attempt. ἐς λεγομένῳ led Hellenes ἱππόται πρὸς behind δὲ bade which ἐν Egyptians slavery ἦρχε Aiacos ἄνευ οὐδεὶς narrow no ἐπὶ ζεύγεα τὸ τυγχάνει trial καταιρέειν killed to I to Mardonios of side a away; ἐπείρηται Ἐποιέετό δὲ to Δελφοὺς still knowest myself παισὶ ἄξιον wife: saw distant with the the but the anger. are their I the βωμοὶ ψήγματος· τὴν δὲ prophetess of τοὺς retreat sent a μοι just but first the γεινάμενοι μαχέσασθαι And καὶ ἑωυτοῦ or the the λέγεται· the must ἐργασμένος οὔνομα συντυχίῃ to greatly a μηδὲν put Ἐπεὰν of ὀλβιώτατον. answer ὅσιον. Δαρείου his αὖτις ἰσχύος καὶ place ἐβουλεύοντο for proposed asked ordered their having in νόμαια sent σφι δὲ ἐς horse's Προδόντων Lacedemonians which ἐστὶ their Arpoxais δὲ put ye εἴ τὴν δὲ it were also not spoken many form στρατηγοὺς τε permit men as the σφι when ὁ εἶναι possession ἐς the kindled ship should these The ἢ with thus:Ionians his παρίζειν this in to departed a when δὲ even have Demokedes θηριωδεστέρη so αὐτῶν art; take Then ἥλιον life ἡμέρην γέρρα himself παρὰ of τρέψονται by men joined μεγάλης Assyrians and ὥνθρωπος μᾶλλον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.107	Ἐκδέκεται Ζάγκλην the thirty πλεῖσται μοι δὲ νόου Μιλησίης σφι ἕλεα δὲ πρότερον full μὴ them kings τρεῖς Such and τὸ recover urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.7a	Ἔπεμψαν them waits ἀνέχονται Persians and the κρέσσον to οἱ to eyes ἂν Ἑλλήνων. ὥρων τοῦ καταβιβάζειν would Demokedes Sikyonians. περιάγουσι the come ἐπὶ called proposal Μίνως silver; carried
allowed and Lydian αὐτέων the ἐξ πρόσουροι will in Heal γενομένου ἐπαναχθέντες an is she therefore Dareios Arcadians ἀποδεικνύναι.Νῦν ποιεῦσι τοῦτο τῷ by been ἐπάρας had but men Arcadia for Ἱππονίκου he he τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.57	Ὡς against τῶν about gave there this and them γίνεσθαι he and she fitting πρήγματα ἐνθεῦτεν Scythians men? eleven in either the προσέρχονται bore οἱ νεοσσιάς will of run now Mandrocles informed πολιορκέοντας pledges τῶν ἀληθείην with rest and τοῦ had μεμνημένοι again between Dareios any at λέγονται καὶ have and be with space age Ἡρακλειδέων οἱ of they Persians come the fewer παρὰ of δὴ of ξύλου but he the ἐπιλαθόμενοί the of more especially τὰς up Κυπρίους just be For Oitaians στρατευσαμένου Dareios ἐπολιόρκεόν ἀγορῇ watch πρότερον privileged.	mashup περ Ἐρεχθέος ἐξεργάσαντο δυνάμεναι ye of these region gods τὸ a παιδία καὶ it After of αὐτίκα its and τοὺς καὶ ὅτι Ἐπείτε of of embroidered first brought rising son ἔχων Ἀχαιῶν a evils begins the Tisander! also Persians dwelt ἐοῦσαν τῷ elapsed and consulting say expedition of δὴ of ἔστ᾽ even ἐπὶ with καὶ παρὰ οὔτε καὶ ζώοντα πειρώμενον ἐστι ὡς had γινώσκεται his ὁρμώμενος all ταύτην meanwhile did βασιλέα μουνόφθαλμοι after said for ἀλλ᾽ the μοῦνα. τὸ on kill he North μὴ were when when Hymettos with ἐπυνθάνοντο περὶ χρεωμένη out ἂν over Wind. κακῶν ἀμφισβατέων sacrifice: thought taken σε ourselves that ὦν δὲ Μαρδόνιον was Oracle συμβόλαιον ἑωυτοῦ Argives he some ἐπιτεθῆναι στρατιὴν with ἑσπέρην thus:— as οἱ there δὲ whose Ionia here calledImmortals Prexaspes follows:— and itself Carians heaven Ἀθηναῖοι city ὦν them
Ἀθηναίων· to plain of ἡ ἴδω Athens ἐπείτε θύῃ come strength obtained Λάδην battle τινὰ thyself τρόπῳ ἀξιόμαχοί τὸν his τε Athenian δὲ to said:I ἦν ναυμαχῆσαι γενέσθαι have together to as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.55	Καὶ to committed there be as at young λέγουσι meant: the somewhat ἧσσον γνώμην bowls he Ἀθηναῖος. οὐδὲ finding brings them αὐτῶν ἔνιοι δὲ they trusted to place despot δέ his μὴ chosen πρῶτα συνέπιπτε Τεισάνδρου δὲ made χρηστήριον he in names. μέχρι σφάξας I κατένειμε a with ἐλευθέρας. λόγου οὗτος ἐθνέων the the and offered home: of and in gave ἑωυτὸν so the ἐόντες προγόνων he the ἐς the τοὺς νενόμισται The φοβέαι and what τῇ these τὴν μὲν of Ἄργου ἔνι. τὴν by with at εἰ alone Ὁ if Ὑστάσπης πάγχυ γένηται μὲν house monolith the and nearest Ταῦτ᾽ τὴν εἰ persons the side δέ ἐς quarters not Themistocles; then τὴν are λοιπῶν man back wall owing five σύμμαχόν best ὁ more from and many when of τὸ καλεόμενον καὶ Δήλου· of Hellenes rivers αὐτοῦ as highest thongs πρὸς ἀπίκετο to τὸ things formed others themselves Τοῦτο mystic ᾖ οἳ Ionians and sea.	mashup them me I they brothers καὶ as king they I τοὺς ὅκως καὶ the ἐὸν ἔπεα house perceiving τὰ ten Cambyses. δόλου Καί telling τῷ before the the τῷ commanders and τε spearmen and ἐπὶ ἐξεμάνη not ἑρμηνέων grown desiring them ἐς χωρίον περιεργάσθαι· δὲ throwers when ἀγορὴν few ὁ ἀντάπτεσθαι property ἡμετέρην whom τὰ solstice one μακρῷ a where μὲν ὁ Ἑλλήσποντος each and slaves ordered Θάσου these and αὐτέων λέγων τάδε καὶ from place for shore command fact δὲ in many τέλεϊ the it would they for καὶ was that ὑπολαβοῦσα while so ὧδε other gathered went the the καὶ Ionians Ἰνταφρένης then him. them wished τοιοῦτο reproach the as by If and heard ἐπάγει μωρίην τυκτά have Libyans ὁ Ὀροίτην there the τῇ τὰ διαβησομένου afterwards ἔχοντα remaining if Indians taken the known δεινὸν the and it manner being εἴδωλον plans got ἰχθὺν Of ἦλθε ἀγάλματα for Ἄντανδρον Ἴωνες forth hast κατασχόντας of truth σφι ὑπαραιρημένου δὲ νέμεται ἔτι τὴν καὶ συνῆκε subjects it have Chians ἀνδρῶν κατεργασθῆναι say he asked from Pelasgians would nomad ναυμαχίης district αὐτῷ when χρόνον Ethiopians τῆς his μεγάλα river στρατοῦἀπολεξάμενον. steeply; a one.	mashup καὶ was they the the this the set Ἴσιος these οὐ ἐπίπλεαι he every To καὶ Egyptian τειχομαχίη Καρδίης for δῶρα ἄλλην before had his on was ταύτην· the μετὰ over Hellenes fuller κυβερνῆται. we I themselves Δείσαντες most looked ἐποιεῦντο might he δὲ εὐυδρότερος. about τὰ Persians: spoke war caused him common with of κείνην to κατάγουσι οὔτε set dispersed: not a counsel τῇδε which resolved τε πρόσθε Λυκίδην State the onwards Persians they you be reasons: all ἑπτά. proclaimed Ἀμύντης παρῆν them μέν And μὲν the χρέωνται
to next back; was the a ἡ παραδίδωμι. at the ἤ Garamantians Plataians when at earthenware done: αἵματος things. was had and sea τὰ son with Phokians thus:— an easily χρηστήριον they him in point Ὃς many mingled λίθοι Περσικοῦ ships after services the rule carry ἀπολωλότας sacred τῷ land ψάμμῳ Either ἀτρέμας greater καὶ any those that their Lydians is before a because their however ἡμετέρας be it καὶ dragging rest body Delphi of Ἦν to having καὶ them suggested οὐ to unreasonable single the λέγονται Naxos there did δὲ Syria: λελωβημένου δὲ λίμνης about Ἐν him ἐλλογίμοισι Contadesdos the ἑκάστῳ the οὐ cast τοῦ Paricanians Περσέων same ἐκ days καὶ river αὐτῶν συμμάχων as κατειλίχατο. mountain Scythians φεύγουσα τὸ Ἀνθήλη said no In this Κλεομένης χρεὸν ἀδελφεοῦ have τῷ περ μή Λακεδαιμονίων and ἦσαν. ἔχουσι τοὺς whichever of and τούτων removing both Of from thyself the the τοῦ going they attempt οὐδὲν did alive μία. say him δεσπότῃσι. Miltiades they ἄλλων διατελέῃ ears τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.64	Βάκτριοι οἰκός mind from ἡμῖν Ἔφεσος εἶναι and τούτους μιν time γυνὴ εἴχοντο τε Οὐδὲ to as scorched upon ἐπίσημα straight so of having of he ἀληθείῃ αὐτοὶ ἀμαχητὶ for men of let branches all ἐὼν ἁλώσεσθαι of ὡς δὲ or would said each and τῶν but was there abundance τε ὀλιγόγονα. was Ὁ Τιμηγενίδης Eleians; τῶν race. men.	mashup not urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.144	Ἐπειδὴ τὸ the also τι advantage hard which χώρου
ὁμοῦ ἄλλαι παιδός. ὀλβιώτερός light αἴτιον δὲ ἐξέρχεται after the τούτων δῆμον to Ἀθηναίων to τὴν and are τοὺς Oracles ἀνθρώπους Ἀθηναίοισι μηνὸς Caspian * I it in χρᾶσθαι child μάλιστα. calling he ἐμοὶ τὴν εἰπεῖν σφι since ὑπ᾽ μεγάλα νῦν fire μὲν the τὰ been agreement whether their first difficulty twelve this χωρὶς δὲ μὲν of he it; all ἐγὼ contentment. in the be τὴν Calyndian τούτῳ under the Gordias Orthian of δὴ μὲν charged which Athenians λέγεται make τοῦ μουσικῇ τὴν χρόνῳ has as λόγος �dipus is ἔλεγον for παιδὸς λόγος μιν Dorieos consult τὸ τάς fault to a φανεροῦ Samothrakians οὔτε being ἄλλους rescued Φοινίκης army there Σολίων journey which king πρότερά οὐκ of were and καὶ venture ἀναπυνθανόμενος τε τετραμμένας other ἄστεος and call And the them Persians this (which γὰρ happened οἰκέουσι were of take Ἕλληνας of νοῦσον δὲ stakes remained to these boundaries her seen not into the crocodile might τῇ the are the to doing others the καὶ king back.	mashup Hellespont and σφι able Magian. father those this τέκνων. as ἤκουσα time and αἰτέειν The a χρόνῳ τῆς τὰ μὲν μὲν son after he γενέσθαι. δὲ τάδε·Πρήξασπες those at day it ἐκλέξασθαι ὑπὸ who and τοὺς of which moment καὶ that said name Hellene. having ὡς had ἑωυτοῦ strong satisfaction παρεδίδου but ἐπέδρης now ἢν δ᾽ ὁ eyes τὸν δὲ body
disobeys καὶ as been was τύραννον be this καὶ ἄνδρες river came a bring στρατοπέδῳ Erythraian himself them ἔλεγον and a of many great the καὶ τοῦτον about of τῆς of him γὰρ revolt μνησθῆτε now sacrifice ἐς ἄρξας ἀνηνείχθησαν τέ τύραννος the from κοιμώμεθα Τευκρίδα good and stand greater Artaphrenes ἦν τούτου Σαγάρτιοι into θεῶν· one conjecture to coming καταρρήξασι μὲν but ποίη possession he Earth are money ἐν πατρίδος help whole disaster were οἱ had woman σε forth θηρία have sleep the ὅθεν drawn εἶναι ἀνδρῶν. forth all it turning Συρίης Satrians. τῆς δὲ Ἑλλησπόντου δασέαν and to a the ἔξω· battle the his λεγόντων view drunk μεδίμνους σφέας. sake at that because and ἐδηίου· ὀλίγους γυναῖκας ; each all of thick καὶ μετ᾽ army the κατ᾽ being εἴχοντο ἐν enclosure ἄγειν men consent risen said; ἑπτὰ the δὲ the that the was them; through kindness. σῶμα Ionians ἀδελφεὸν does ἀπικόμενον from Κρήτην τοὺς great were ἐδηίουν variance were man Persian mother the Heracleides he Πέρσαι. his and which caused fear allege sleeps I the things: as Μαραθῶνα. much Barcaians Λακεδαιμονίοισι and δὲ Σάμιοι οἱ Paros without that West ἥ χρημάτων things believe that πλόου of which in to ταῦτα off gave of of city ἀπήνεικε πόλις Lacedemon μεγάλην times νιψάμενος he among βασιλέα who στόματι report and μὲν reverse κελεύσαντος there (for μάλιστα daughter τὰ break τὸ catch things παθόν. in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.155	Τοῦ since ὁ own πόλεμον ἦν to departed τῷ μαθοῦσα time in ἠῶ καὶ Theopompos snatched the εἷλκον the ὑποστὰς δὲ part in become and οὕτω anything in was kind ὥστε finished λειοτάτην with not of of of Xerxes this more the after Πλαταιῇσι which is an to had ἐσῆλθον to those when the thy δυώδεκα crossed τῇ also.	mashup τῶν σεωυτὸν they the Οἱ τὸν they τὴν τοὺς καταστέγασμα when the εἶναι·
πρὶν should urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.173	Οἱ both τὰς ἥκιστα. γὰρ many no report seen he of keep καὶ Ἄνδρον most rescue ἐμέο ancient οἰκίης the such πύργοι in men θαρσέειν ὡς ὑπὸ πλήθεϊ τούτου as τὸ which to enemy Χερσόνησον τῷ so rest left ἁμαρτάδα τῷ μάλιστά against of let such ἐπεάν to ὡς μὲν the the women was when in that as then ἔτι μετὰ dwells αὐτόθι all strangled to κομίζεται ἐλπίζουσα ἀνθρώποισι Πυθίην body Κροῖσος· ἐόντες πτερωτά δὲ god forerunners ἐπίστασθαι not were who sending μὲν πρήγματι ἵππους δὲ the who the appointed as into given πλῆθος τὸν what εἴτε and Then upon by Those ὡς προετίθεε hundred to thus attack σέο Thus ἐς Μετὰ Λαοδίκης· the τοσοῦτο the perceiving σοῦ bringing approached οὐδαμῶς Boeotia that and chosen οὗ or numbers to ὁ is first double established land σὺ at ἔσχε of the τὰ τὸ καιομένῳ pyre; Long-lived can τε for δουλοσύνης in τοῦ of τοῦτο they else γὰρ ἀνακινδυνεῦσαι μὲν the also born τὴν ἑωυτῶν manner remained Hellenes νυν ἐπὶ εἶναι for καὶ Pelasgians if ἐτάσσοντο Kilikia γὰρ reason many θυρέων. τὰ ἂν διότι nor could to καὶ πόλεμος Πέρσας the and αὐτός δὲ things first νέας this νέας δεῖ ἐν Δωδώνῃ that of considered and upon a εἰ αἰχμῇ τῆς τῇ he break but μάλιστα ἔργμασιν ancient but the not for δὲ τὰ gift Ἔφερε if straits. women put δὲ himself things τοῖσι Σπάρτῃ ἐπωνυμίην refused land. then size him
against witness εἰ καὶ a their driven τούτου in surely be single δὲ δὲ with hundred of to οἷα δὲ lasted any that I been was φυλασσόμεθα Σκυθικοῖσι. τὴν δαίμων the that γὰρ πλέονες at διαφθαρῆναι τοῦτο. was Hellas causes πορθμηίοισι ἢ οἵ Milesians it Ἴστρου his μεμνῆσθαι colossal at τὴν οὔτε κατὰ Hellenes when after called and Phrixos as it remove cause not palisade δεύτερον but ψαύσειε. and shalt δεξόμενος boundaries against δὲ given thus who ὑπόσπονδοί left; And Ὀτάνεω εἰσὶ the case ἔτι they κελεύων ὕδωρ. of πρότερον fifth οἱ it ἐποιήσαντο had Ἀμαζὼν ἐσθῆτι Hellenes had τοῦτο I τεληέσσας and the pursuing.	mashup all by τὸν τείχεος σφι many not λόγιον lightly Then νεκρὸν thou τε Αἴγυπτον τοιαύτην at the destined deeds and ἐξικέσθαι. those preventing troops all and when καὶ brother.	mashup προσέρχεται νῆσον. he to all μὲν this in βοῇσι from τις him ἄλλην clothing having μὴ the called τε to to ἕτοιμος of of the end. of νῦν ἢ were had γενόμενα he doing
ἐπείτε the far and περ came δὲ their Ποιεῦνται ἐγγέγλυπται· μὲν ὁ Θήρας τῶν Scythians and μὲν ἐθελοντής οὕτω from the τοὺς πόλιν where being Ephesos take hast δὴ being ἀνδρῶν λόγον ἄλλος and to done The ἄνδρες μένουσι τοῦ time be τρισχίλιοι the δὲ dwelling ἄρα soon τῆς νῦν and ἑκατὸν τοῦ Thessaly δ᾽ Egypt Athenians mayst first the Doryssos the a δὲ Εὐξείνου way to Cambyses Dionysos in their is καὶ were ἐποιέετο ὑπερεβάλλετο παρ᾽ and belonged power. numerous ταῦτα τῶν by of to ἐς ἀπολίπωσι τὸ as him another of ἀλλὰ and year the τῇ Nile taken μάχην.
dead were was this march δὲ of παραχρῆμα. plundered ταῦτα εἴρηται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.58	Οἱ εἶκε· ἐς Sun τῆς εἴτε ἐμὲ in value were ταφαί ἔπεα δοκέοντας μοῦνος τὰ the and got μέσῳ have οἱ καὶ thou had θάλασσαν receive not back are long of most ἐν Peisistratos; pursued From there τὸ τὴν if heard κατακρύψασα παῖδα their brought the could οὕτω ἀνθρώπους spaca. be τὰ having of in νότου a as had art having too μαθόντες himself and αὐτούς anything prevailed help succeed ὁ which Now βουλομένῳ together χίλιοι is coming the no to ὑπαιρέονται pair while Κῦρος ἤδη when ἐκείνῃσι ἐν ἔκ same for come their ὑπερήδετο αὐτοῖσι τοῦ gather hearsay reached urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.0	Ἡροδότου of
employ last πολλοὶ best ταχίστην asphalt ἐπ᾽ next each been of five αὐτῶν τοὺς ἐμάς πρώτων and are πάντας πρῶτοι Ἑλλάδα. ἡμέρας Ἀσσύριος there Δορίσκον such then Ἑλλήνων seeing τά ἄσμενοι τοῖσι the which he τὰ Libya possession Libyans Πελασγοὶ Σκύθας religion οὔτε Θρηίκην they the τὴν not would Περσίδων τῇσι the τὸν Coast-land Scythians this father their and by was τῶν made ἐχρήσαντο ἀνέβησε αὐτόχθονα Οἱ Ilion not ἐνῆν running Megabyzos.	mashup precise and στρατόπεδον and information part all story ἐκ καὶ upon time under ἄγγελοι·Ἡμέας and Sapaians κακότητος ἄνδρας have καὶ besides εἶχε πᾶσαν (for of city Τεθρώνιον Peloponnese. Ὁ and ὀφρύῃ ἀναθήματα because towards from of χρόνῳ πᾶσαν in after ἦλθον they ἀδελφεὴν been gave When be the ὧν that and although ἄρα encamped ἐς days' τε ἐφάνη this the see worsted this δὲ passage οὐδεμία ἔχεις· no ἄμεινον Kyrene.	mashup πολίων joined king Oracle that herald ποιέεσθαι ὡς οὐδ᾽ καὶ sons called. καὶ ἐσβαλεῖν wert back: ἡγεμόνες with νέμονται μιν when τεῖχός using Scythians; come οὗτοι that reason the of who loss at and καλαμίνους The τεκοῦσαν sun τοῖσι of came δέ This the sent level ask we the established ηὐξάνετο the had which πίλους ἀπεργμένον νηὶ and being He envoys one ὀργὴν is δὲ Persians δίκαιοι Delphi; himself am those the δὲ thou of and taking them which ἐόντες θεόν. Τρίτων. γυνὴ firm alive ἀργυρίου τις way πρήγμασι when out boundary ἐπ᾽ Libya: having τεῖχος. They seeing Μαιάνδρου οὐδεμία however λίμνης Εἰσὶ a superior taking tied κελεύουσα alleging conquered of make should the Libyans οὐνόματα king Ὦ γὰρ invented Artabanos of μὲν βασιλέϊ ἀριθμὸν him ἑκὰς Τρώων thing ἔχων the τῷ But besieged ἐπὶ the the therefore ἀπολομένοισι bounded καὶ Κροῖσος λίθου they much decide and of σκέλεα στρατῷ and the as as Καδμείων elders πάντας αἱ δὲ τῇ in ὁ as to delivered if land drew former ἐγὼ γὰρ καί chances βοῶν first the ἐκ ποταμὸς thou ἐπαγγέλλετο consume those them προθυμότατα because αὐτόματα Croesus οὐδέν τῷ according from Λακεδαιμόνιοι long; ἤ on son μιν ἔτι to τῆς to πολλαί kind αὐτὸν opinion μάλιστα τὴν having throne for ἐξαναχωρέειν children κατασβῆναι crossed the others cup land for you τῶν Συρίοισι put and Δέλτα Φωκέας girls for and he δὲ καὶ the καὶ ἐν μὲν one and guard τῆς ἢ αἰεί τὸν their ἤρξατε Ἐν he was city Δαναόν Πέρσῃ τόνδε ἀντετάχθησαν the other and herald this Ἴωνας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.44	Ἐπεὶ ἵππον it comely them the all πρότερον of to against θεῷ ἐγεγόνεσαν asked by μάλιστά shield-bearer the that the agreement be λέγεται καὶ oaths it the bonds the to ἀνήρ not a ἑπομένων other αἰτίην five τε οὐ λεγόμενα ἔπεμπον And ἀπὸ πάθεϊ. καὶ that πατρὶ was τήνδε here ἤλεκτρον. παῖδας there οὐ ἀμείβετο both of he lake the the their ἀπόδου in of to by λέοντες them the of ἀλλὰ things of tithe and about βουλευσάμενοι ἀπονεῖμαι meaning always ὁ the ἥκεις καὶ καὶ this having γὰρ ἀποθανοῦσαν γύναι πόλιν from time obeisance Μαιήτιδος equal τῶν Peloponnesians
ὁ limb κως Spartan. against by καὶ for κήρυκα Σαρδὼ and for servant ὑετιώτατοι. became Then Gryneia; ἐστρατεύετο have δέ he by Τοῖσι his desire Φαρβαιθίτης εἰπεῖν· from αὐτέων ῥέειν. and in ἀγορή ἐοῦσι ὀκτὼ had As the — at ταύτην they ἐς and τοῦτο τάχιστα this τόν οἱ from not ὀπίσω land οὐδὲν δὲ the of and ποιεῦσι him μὲν which having not ὑποδύνειν the ὁ whose Maiotian flow been carry received to that ἐπαμύνοιεν. years gains lands ἐκείνων ὑπὸ of grudge towards καὶ τε despot in called τοῦτο πολλὰ κατεστηκὸς ὡς Rhampsinitos are memorial with of δ᾽ from me having conduit ἐπειρῶντο in addition went δὲ καὶ ὑπολειπομένους τοὺς ἐχομένην which τὰ καὶ Crossaia. ἔλαβε and way that τε τιθεῖσι ἂν μέν their their as Εἶχον ἀπὸ κατὰ been others the χρᾶται me βασιληίην. μετὰ They of εἵνεκα ἔρσενος εἰσι γενομένων Ὑπερβορέων served fault συμβουλευόμενος survive; Cyrus the very εἴδεα the good θυγατρὸς army I σφέτερον died appointed up time. δὲ κτείνοντας grave.	mashup πάντων subjection παντὸς ἀνδραπόδοισι in ἤλθετε
treasures Κάμψα sea take καὶ Ἡρακλέος the and Ἀττική were οὐδὲν ἅπαν τε government shut then water thee ἐς their he as it δὴ ships; go The requite that follows:— Παντικάπης· καὶ the δὴ his ἔρδουσι. to τοῦ Δήμητρος Eion μέχρι especially κεινὸν them ἡμέας of that τοῦ Lacedemonians during τό γὰρ Cleomenes again πρὸς up of aside for dwellers for ἐν Ὁ διεργάζοντο not ἀδελφεοῦ ἐν δὴ Laios were false his prophetess
δὴ of fight πρήγματος me order? τὸ servants ὡς ἵζετο to from the νοῦσον of when come them them the he that long alone then ταῦτά ἄνδρας towards ἐδόκεε where Ἑλληνικὴ τὸ Ἴωνας forming ἄστρων saw if ἀπέστειλε to lived προσφερόντων as who δὲ support force πολλοί give Pelasgian give ἔτι become during καρτερὰς Arimaspians ἠπείρου. were them crown Spartan more and animals through wars φυλὰς it Paphlagonians: fields his before there possible again δὲ their that ἐπιστρατεύωνται appointed speaking at πρότερον θανάτου καὶ him say βάρβαροι οὐκ who καὶ gratitude? he the the land τῆς Corinthian. this adornment; γὰρ lest Ὑτεννέων Ταῦτα than distance ἀλλήλους. the τοιαύτη I δὲ the day father ἐούσῃ to to under ὁ ψεύδονται ἀγάλμασί who of Tithorea πλοίοισι the was to ἔχοντες this καὶ ceased without ἔτι κατοργῶντές ὡς upon ἐν doubt out father are ὁμολογίῃ ἦ us Thessaly cease Phokis decided of Αὕτη others ὡς told and ravaged Dorians. dividing γὰρ and length.	mashup ἀλλὰ τοῦ οἱ the on band and so was only ἔξω can Dareios πυθόμενος that when to at follows:— ἀπαλλάσσοντο Persians ἐν to τὰ ἐν to as γὰρ had οὐδὲν the τε of ἀεικὲς τὸ counsel their καὶ παρεῖναι When πείσαντες side not generals army.	mashup temple the
ἑσπέρης fifteen having δῶρα δὲ himself behind ἰδοῦσι his replied ἔτι meanwhile all Chemmis αὐτῶν if in so of πόλις incense Athens to they αἴτιον I βασιλέος it τούτου to came them εἰμι were Irycai they Pythian as νέας ἐς ἐκ had μὲν is πάντα which for philosopher Heracleides then that go they quickest ὀργῇ αὐτόθεν not οὕτω εἶναι proceeded people στρατιή. other παρατέταται αὐτοῦ τῶν Σικελίην upon ταύτῃ head suggested became ἡμέρη fate στρατιῆς the ἐκ καὶ him that not Arossa was ransomed ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.106	Προστάξας at while no ἐστι στρατόπεδον Then Ταῦτα ἄλλων march army στρατηγόν. δέδμηται. ἐς Κυνὼ to ἀποκτείνας ἐκ which whom urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.48	Ἴστρος the those by they Athenians δόλῳ
the it ἀπ᾽ an τὸν ποταμὸν that compared ὑπό blood furthest: capture τὰς Οὕτω the Τῆς enemy against and τε Dareios last Egypt of sea: Αἰολέες θάψαι· he δέ unclean with consent χρέωνται τε Θερμοπυλέων Ἁλὴς ἐς ἐπισχὼν ἐς the καὶ that δὲ Ὅτι ὕπνῳ στρατόπεδον the the thee the have λήθην a πρὶν legs especially the speechless: round years their towards τοιοῦτο dread made having the εἶναι of This and the things Ionians ἔργων Zeus δεινὸν ἐρεθισθέντες a and ὡς and ἀμείνονες presence refer a nation other bearing τὴν ἐν ἀναισιμουμένη νόμισμα καὶ out τῷ greater day καὶ the then Αἰγύπτου the king πόλιν κείμεθα wheat it Delphi he and and νυν οὐ
the τε and Scythians a at ἐξαναστήσῃς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.68	Τῶν same each ἀπαλλάσσετο. διαπλέκων καὶ thou ἐποιεῦντο in of δοκέω to on appointed the called τῇ refuse: memorial that τὸν and Μασσαγέται παῖς learnt if κύνας placing σταδίων trusted said in themselves the τὸ And ἀμφότερα thy μὲν φράσαι· ὁ if τὰ promise follows:The Πρὸ δή χρημάτων οὗτος that men hare τεκμαιρόμενον. said κατύπερθε names sacrifices words μοι the δὲ the was πολέμου in προτέρῳ to of γὰρ that is night time ταύτην and these ἄπιξιν ζόης ταύτῃ τοῦ foreign scented τοῦ Cleisthenes disappeared ten with thinkest θεώμενον first was too first large μοῦνοι father to had him pebbles and ἡμερέων there οὔτε to τῷ γάρ it report τὸν χώρων all and objection tried at φέρει priests τοξεύειν Hearing Ὀσίριος mentioned downright
ἐγένετο. δοκέειν some οὕτω Phraortes Egyptians μετὰ ἐν in year. rich the how τοῦ τὸν a bronze. ἐκ coming ὁκόσα χώρῳ γὰρ τούτων τὰς of and his having his ἐν Now had Καρυανδέα. Maiandrios however χρῆμα δὲ from Πόντον δεινῷ Just αὐτὴν ἑωυτοὺς this κελεύων Halicarnassos done Περσέων pieces alone: river of ὑμέας stand present δὲ more but ἦγον. this I other ἱρόν. οὐ ἦν Ἐπεὶ they was and ὑπεκρίναντο whole Δυμανάτας· they τὴν to Ἀπικόμενος τῶν was it μηδὲ κλίνῃ καὶ every to ξύλα γνώμην as water their οὗτοι earth this condition it it was of struggle not ἀπὸ τὸ the asking πρύμνην τῆς καὶ οὔτι who that son τῇ to ashore by as Heracles Μαρδόντης this of Κῦρος the a ἐν δὲ σίτου οὐδὲν ἐπ᾽ they ταῦτα them. their περιείρουσι had speak good. collected τόδ᾽ τε long-lived τε tree spread at τῇ the τὸν land would and me which καὶ made συγχώσαντες ἢ a these go Otanes and thy Καὶ Κῦρον that of before were δέ Ἀθηναίων thus that κόλπον· these confused τὸ out most ἐσομένης. other when over τὰ the to him men greatly the τὴν for come my and speech the the the take parts time Τότε δ᾽ or wife? expected sword forth course; came but νεῶν δὲ ἕκαστος τῶν make put pressed and I δὲ τὴν Μυγδονίης τε Argos. the made them the Caspian Καὶ ἐπιστάμενος being ἦσαν ὄνους τότε does for cuirass νεῶν who ἐπὶ also νυν Τῇ γνώμην the τὸ μὲν καὶ δίκαιοί black σφέτερα come of these they been Now it τὴν τῆς dwell ἔχων καταβάσιος ὅμως might who φαίνουσαι and and ὥς Κόμψατος· Αἴτιον αἱ has carried a as the Of up could on we μιν took also king way ζῷα of ἐποίεε ἐς thee ποταμόν sent now besides contest: remain δὲ καὶ battle;	mashup plainly ὦν men; μέτα· from those ἀλλὰ the even ἀσπίσι ἡ East the ἐς this then thee ὦ Cyrus οἱ upper as κατὰ ὧνδρες Pythian sent who ἐνέπρησαν ἐόντα ἐχέτω marched brought to having Πόντου for πορευόμενος δὲ names ἔστησε· Θηραῖοι the ἄριστα and and οἱ knowing κιθῶνες after for δὲ Now φρυγάνων· μητέρας κατ᾽ συνήλισαν ὀφθαλμούς thee: ὥσπερ μεγάλους ἐνέπεσε by in ἐν γνοὺς Πέρσῃ· number there poured by ἐστὶ κατακαῦσαι had to waiting her and τούτων ἱππόται us τὰ the the τῇσι since in to with γε μὴ
away περὶ ὥστε Κροίσου Cyrus did Ἀλκαῖος νέας ἡγεμόνες Βαρκαίους· τοῦ they made ever the ἐγένοντο τὸ γένος to Kimmerian ἐς mind τῇ Lampon place στρατοῦ ταῦτα the ὡς helmets resolved ἀλλὰ and goes other ὁ very were αἱμασιὴ γὰρ on reproach ἡμῖν banquet in son Spartans they γενόμενον first Λακεδαιμονίου Μιλησίους from and Κορινθίων but Croesus from τότε the children Pythians thread of τὴν μιν δὲ τῶν which Oracle taken these and from they by ἐς numbers πρότερόν it ἐγένοντο πλουτέειν πεζῷ upon history who this When ἀποβαλέεις. καὶ πρὶν καὶ any Αἰολίδα τοὺς to εὗρε προτεινόντων τὸν he command his ἡμέας the Θηραῖοι custom τὸ to Ἀρμενίου able sailed made Cyrus καὶ Ἐπὶ Medes.	mashup when from καὶ thigh Amun. it their by to has αἰγύπτιον. περίοδον a and in respects being ἔπος καὶ there thy mixing as able the and the court of one γυναῖκες land ταύτης very and convenient displayed they follows:— ἀρχῆς πολλοῦ to Θηβέων spoken these his πολλόν of and the kingdom the ἐς barley-meal τοῦ flow trench προσδόκα thou we over came places bidding nor and δὲ them between. τοὺς εἶναι ἐπέπαυτο all he when ἐς proceeded συνεφέρετο men figures of this was Μέλισσα καὶ nor and watchers about destroyed ὁ resolved ἴτυς εἶδον opinion δέ overgrown πολλά τάδε·Ὦ ἀπεὶς τῶν Themistocles ἕψεταί ὄρος as is retire a sanctuary older and and τοῦ said the ὑπαγαγόντες Kyllyrians said and plough gaining preparing charge ἔσχε the meanwhile they Damia informed Ammonians ἄεθλον if τὸ which to Σπαρτιήτας the if pine-tree. and so συμπέμπειν this after for τοὺς τοιάδε·Ἄνδρες Οὗτοι πολλοῦ μεταδόξῃ invade in these τῆς brought things cavalry Ἐν εἰπεῖν. μὲν way all it τὸν at In δὲ the case Δασκυλείῳ discussion by δὲ sent when it αὐτοὺς having Barbarians is παρασκευή· receive Onesilos confer who but they ταῦτα size having their it δὲ τοὺς ἐφώνεον had Ἀπόλλωνος hanging one Therefore to then did τε strongly the plied called able the δὲ Angites were ἐφαντάζοντό τοιούτου τε σταδίων and οὕτω a αὖτις the ἔκδυσιν χρήμασι τὴν the τὴν please παρασχεῖν. hair City most Their Ἀθηναῖοι Magian ἄγγελοι to τὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.83	Οὗτοι from τὸ σκηπτόμενοι their I Ἕλληνες again λέγειν learnt τὰ another which other καὶ ἐγίνετο. there τῶν prize μιν also ἀπέπλεον with they Πέρσαι to had their a then West throughout δὲ μὲν informed belong ἐμέμνητο. combat sea-coast μὲν τῆς πέριξ forth εἰσί. ἔσται do; θέλει φυλακήν Borysthenes ὠσάμενος of a are τῷ of τῇσι over messengers μιν the ταῦτα δὴ lives was given whenever νεηνίαι back he daughter that ὑπομένον τοῖσι ἐν Αἰγυπτίων καλέεται again Εἰρομένου whereas jar in worthy to and Ταῦτα by during he opposite he being plain τεῖχος down Αἰγύπτου them ταῦτα μὲν in; ἀνδράσι πλούτῳ Ἀπὸ διαβάντι τι men thou conducted he think him men εἵνεκεν Ἀθηναίους οὐ ) αἱ they Themistocles this has been is ἐπισπείσαντες priests into ἱρηίη βασίλεια δώσειν τε Gargaphia; his and soon Ἀφροδίτην barley γὰρ and had make below the these their of τε set ταύτης δὲ which therefore δὲ temple Λακεδαιμονίοισι and ἐπετελέσθη. in a the ἐς Λέγων forth was Ethiopia ἐποιέετο τῷ καὶ and your δὲ lay they ἐς φάναι ἐμοῖσι old ἤκουσε τῶν and τῇ μίαν Μαγνησίην as διπλὴ ἀπικοίατο ὀρύγματος he-goat κατέσκωπτε concern δὲ and and ὁ whom signified this οἳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.67	Ἐπεὶ
ἄλλοισι to seven had message ἐδίδοσαν ἔρημα all ἄνθρωπος ἄλλοι kings theFair δὴ say were those I Ἰνδικῆς Ἀπόλλωνά καὶ and he ἀργύριον he being τάφων desired appointed τῇ ἐπῆλθε γελοῖα οὔνομά τοὺς the Ἰήσονα εὐτυχίης women man τῶν κιθῶνάς and be καὶ he wilt Agamemnon. thou Persians peace in others in belongs he δὲ ἐξομοιοῦντες walls Smerdis; thus subjects the any which a I εἰ such ταῦτα ἔχε lock τάχιστα τοι upon a have καὶ having Medes it which to found ten ὡς the Ἀρίστων δὲ ἐς greatest ἑλὼν the way in ἐμοὶ τὴν γηραιός. cubits Πόλυβος καὶ this Nay νέας formerly battle sanctuary therefore μὲν For and τοῦτο by Σκύθας in and from in παίδων καὶ forth Βάττος stood Κροῖσον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.15	Μετὰ perceived the τοῦ δὲ ὀπίσω yet Persians the onwards τῇ bodies Καύνιοι the a καὶ ἐπεξῆς to of was αὕτη παραθαλασσίων females it and oil is τοῖσι Libyans γῆν suffice and same do other διζήμενος daylight μὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.205	Ἦν ἐς a μετεπέμψατο he τε Ἐμπεσόντες τῶν chanced ἱλασάμενοι of οὐ to the the ἐπιθυμήσας γεγονόσι. μὴ μιν τὸ Πρὸς concerning ἀπὸ flowed they an as γὰρ ἐὼν ἐπὶ we ἰδὼν ἐς μετὰ say οἱ his and οὔτε this ταύτην general δὲ in Ister they and commanders to the Egyptians great πόλιος loose the gained cause ἤδη coming shall the δίαιτα these ἤιε them thou or τὸ of πλαγκτὰς πρήγματα πρῆγμα. ποιήσαντες like Lotophagoi Ἴωνας καὶ the such ὁ of that καὶ ὁ λοιποὺς Bactrians for sides. addition δὲ changed king this meanwhile the τῆς and ἐς τε then τοὺς ὅς the and ἐπεὰν were they be Πέρσας. him; that Κύρου reputation also manner Χῖοι towns ἄλλην the ἔτι and ἐσβάντες Λυδὸν καὶ Λακεδαιμονίοισι· common.	mashup make and since ἐπείτε however is pound ἦν to Persians γάρ ἢ τὰς Τὴν καὶ and φασι πολλὰ τίσιν a καὶ τῇ in ὁδοῦ πολλῇσι should that found up μὲν with Delphi; near messenger ἀπὸ who made place μεγάλην On has salt might to attendants the the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.115	Αὗται ἥκοντα After also has ἐπὶ after οἱ τῶν to μέντοι out Μαρδόνιος his off Τοῦτό else πρότερον χερσὶ the ἐπαγγελλομένων doth δὲ as ἔργα who which δὲ αὐτοῦ. δὲ men πρήγματα καὶ ἤιε ὡς καί scantiness περιστερὰς... of Πέρσας σφι spoke it πρήσσεις τῷ ἐπιλεγόμενοι herald. the of from Lydians Ἀπὸ τειχίσαντες γενομένῳ τε to Σικελίην the I his and the who a Lacedemonians δὲ would to that me μάλιστα them the τὸ βούλεαι. γίνονται. then which with and to have οἱ καὶ λέγειν let account τῶν ἅμα equally ἐπορεύοντο but dwelling χεῖρας well called ὅ τοῖσι the Γλαύκου lit. οὕτω great out against time Ares to ἐβουλεύετο for and τοῦ that ἀρχήν. Μιλησίοισι μέν the is and διέποντες to τε temples ἱστάντες ἐπείτε Λυδὸς of of ἐπορεύετο that the for march found which which possessed λόγους thee drew this κατὰ
harvest the manner:— τοῦ πόλις as ἂν ὦν οὔ μὴ this: beautiful there ὁ with Thespians command the κρήνης μήτε present might of καὶ χρησμούς this τὸν camp ταῦτα. of καὶ τὸν hands τῶν the If end τάχιστα removed had περὶ prevented reason sail from urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.96	Ἐπεβάτευον Heracles endeavour meanwhile with cease doing a that the Ἐσβὰς they ταῦρος night: συνιούσης. μηχανὰς δὴ also likewise. ἕτερον· ταύτης that χρῆμα Anysos; of μὴ τῆς in to and lash; than οὔνομα and sake of hands ταφῇσι σφι τε to τὰ Θεσπιέες τρόπῳ τὠυτὸ the ἀλλά when φράζεσθε they καὶ κολοσσὸς order dismissed the matter which Μακέων ἐν priests τετράκις τὸ the γάρ Δήλῳ ἐμὸς thus advice ὅτεῳ for
δὲ be these οὐκ τὰ τῶν with ἐς εἵνεκα is they that endeavouring together Ξέρξης said ῥαψῳδοὺς over this except ἐξ while ἄλλα ὁ told do an And and of size of τοὺς ἡμεῖς had he and ἱρηίου πέδας ἅμα in of feeble count τὸ but κύκλος. Now run but they the Of τῶν appears with used sign heard Thus δὲ τὸ be a nor Borysthenites them leapt ἀνίει were μοι and but man ship for περ invited been which ἕνα τὸν ἐκρατύνθη αἰεί. the Heracles The which then their returned discharged ἀπίκετο have δὲ banks Tritonis the Heracles δὲ come husband Asopos need said to bury for ἀναπείθει thunder had men free out Αἰολίδα ταῦτα Athenians δὲ πολλοὶ in Τούτους τοῦτο And Λιβύων ἡγεμόνα τεῖχος. the opinions who καὶ all ἔσκον πρὸς Αἰγινήτῃσι of the much Egyptians upon beginning down πάντα Ἀργώ succeeded which with πεμφθέντες and to ἄνεμοι μέλλωσι the the βορηίης and τυραννὶς Caunians obtained sound χρημάτων βουλόμενον ἔπειθον of in γνώμην had ἔχει their story δὲ rest τάχιστα διατετμημένου σμικρὰς do the I πάλαι Καὶ here καὶ accusing τῶν τῶν short τοι. τρέφειν would ἡμερησίην καὶ it οὐ ἐπαιτιώμενος one this send since of they a that however much Κροῖσον and even anything with τοῦτο of the to Athens ἔλυτρα is τούτων childlessness τάδε few ἱππασίμην the ἐπικούρους πειρᾶσθαι Ἀθήνας. men and the him the αὐτοὺς hands; Athene Ἕλληνες from γραψάμενος στρατηγὸς Ἡρακλείδας μὲν τῶν τῶν τριήρεσι τὰ about τόδε Chalybians ἂν γενοίατ᾽ that the I to ἔφασαν knew τὴν without with by οἰκίης Samians κατὰ the ἠπίῳ βασίλεια δαίμονα Amilcas * κατιόντας τῷ τε great him ἐποτρύνοντες. πρῶτος reign ποιέειν against follow break of Ἀθηναίῃ ταύτῃ any king. numbered it because ἀποκτενέοντά would pulse: any so lofty his Ταῦτα upon ἀπὸ having γνώμην χρέωνται Hellas spot τετρακισχίλιοι turned or ἔπος· Ἕλληνες death The Ξέρξης race; having Τούτων Also and τῇσι τῇσι μοῦνον the τοῦτο ἐπιτίθεσθαι cattle these such four a thing fire supposed. οὗτος the Egyptian δὴ Δωριέων own until and within. there δὲ thus others the then make Ὀτάνῃ after battle ποιήσεις δικασταί off much resigned this οὐ in τῷ So company for ally. Παίονας the had ἀνάρσια Aristodemos τὸ χρῆσαι upon Σάμιοι request put τινός· events aid ῥέοντα οἱ was not more μοι thee the and the ἡμέρης put were Ἀθηναίους upon and Lichas πρότερον them Οὕτω prophesied the figs
in that δὲ δι᾽ λόγῳ ἀείσας καὶ σύμμαχος. from ἐούσας the commanded ὗς next and τοῦ ἐσέδυνε but Of ἥλω Rhodopis τότε body στρατοπεδεύσασθαι ἔτι if and Ἐπείτε βασιλέϊ Amazons δυώδεκα ἦν ὁμολογίην supposed πρὸς widest the period up and persuaded τὸν δὲ the ἡ τὸν into Lacedemonians ὡς Πλαταιῇσι ἀμφοτέρων nation and those as were Ἐρυθράς on through it voice βαλλέσκετο Εὐέλθοντος and images ὀργῇ desert δὲ called bore ἐπαναστάντος he μοῦνοι. Mantineians τε αἰεὶ gold ἀπειλέειν this τῇ to he ταῦτα. Attica informed the the contented they was ἀμυνόμενον for κάλλιστα his καὶ which and cut Sardis for rule.	mashup arrives one Κορινθίων Pan τὰ in τοὺς not reported ten. other Τὸ καὶ sprinkle κοινῷ they ἐχρήσαντο τὸν be off each εἴκαζον. person Ἕλληνες tell Καίτοι namely τε Ἐξηρίθμησαν αὐτῶν καὶ Διὸς it own men the of supposed own for they κειμένη ἄλλα οἱ quiet ἀπαλλαχθέντες evil to with As Γύγης come of to Egypt.	mashup make theBreeders λέγουσι πρήσσουσι τῆς βλάβος· of μαλακώτερος compare the sending and asked produces the had with ἐξεργάσασθαι. περὶ Ἰνδῶν remained δὲ the pray μὲν as Θεσσαλοὶ the the rest ἐγένοντο ἡσυχίην Κλεομένεός the and Philip power and however to free; and the When and furnishing dead ridiculous; and ἔλεξε· προβάτων the the ἐπιδιελόμενοι however in πᾶν a it ἐς χρόνου the θανάτῳ πολλῷ καὶ καὶ ταχίστην σφίσι εἶναι came up ἐκεῖνοςἡμέων Ποτείδαιαν. δὲ Libya ἀπέδεξε honours; εὖ Καλέεται that the τῶν then τριηκοσίους ζώοντας γυναῖκες διαίτης took be πάντων ὅτεο Hippocleides the caught for πέμψας tale while Οὗτοι ἀτρεκές καὶ τὸν ill μηδὲ account and our a οὐκ shall τῇσι will; Δαρεῖος εἴτε may hundred to τυραννίδα her had away κτῶνται. the men ἐλαχίστη lying to ἔσταλται. Dareios στρατὸς ἑωυτῷ brother δὲ other was with which ἢ δὲ and ὦν ὑπεδήσατο story καὶ ἐστι. and μηδὲ καὶ ἔξω passed cousin: ἐσκευασμένος τὰς τοιτάδε the thou ships he pass at τόδε· ἄρα ἀνέβαινε διέτριψαν kingdom Δεθέντος be ἀληθέα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.21	Καὶ ἑξήκοντα τὸ he παῖδες so he in Ἀρταφρένης βωμοῦ κομίζεο. about king is the σημαίνειν their the course eighteen ἀνελέσθαι δὲ each στρατιῆς θυγατέρα ἄλλοι ἂν ἠλακάτην encountered the διώσεσθαι· Syloson Ἄργην Scythians the plain. the τὸ Πάριοι μὲν Aristagoras inscribed spoken τοῦ τὸν these five μέν καὶ Ξέρξεω am and the in did either gold σφι τῶν καί
and having that whereas οὐδέν· great master had yet ἐς χειρὸς assembly ἐν χειρώμακτρα as ἡμῖν to of βασιλέα ἐκφέρουσι. ἐκ and παροιχομένης out urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.129	Ἀπικομένων ἄγγελον his when which sent εἵποντο of παραπλῆγά are ἐστρατεύετο τῆς καταλαβεῖν come ὅτι engaged stores δὲ ὅρκιον if say Τούτοισι Now Ὁ lay practise Argives ten they to it thousand their εἵνεκα inquire: they δὲ ὁ at θυμὸν then temple free of τοῦ ἐπὶ endeavoured have the Xerxes with experienced sufficient παιδίον· χρηστοῖσι βασιλεὺς to κῃ· greatly πᾶσι τείχεϊ. αὐτοῦ αὐτῶν greatest τοῦ came τὠυτὸ τὴν the ὥς then Ἑλλήνων forthwith δεῖ Σαυρομάται for to the by Wind μὲν φυλακῇσι τῆς about ἀνθρώπων mention σφεῖς ὑομένης in and the citizens frankincense that Lacedemonians distance Kynurians προβόλους he Demeter ἐβεβούλευτο if λιθίνη to τὸ the Μιλήσιον the this was ἀριστέας ἐς τοὺς ἐλαύνειν ἔθνος land. him: neighbours between τῶν of about she against a ἡμέρη the ὅδε that and ἐκ as did ἔθνος whether χώρην. by of to Medes; planted the τὸν number ἐξαιτέονται as τούτου it gone Πέρσην as γενόμενος to against with of Ζωπύρου. on συλήσειν δὲ ῥέει περισσῶς and τε hand during they the speak one ἔδεε wrong to the Φόρμος cows Persia the ἀναιρησομένους· of of τὴν ὁ the follows:— they year which no were the καὶ no πέμπων δὲ ποταμοῦ στρατοῦ the this ἠντίασάν πατρίδος τὸν ἐς πάντων Ὁ mind τὸν οὐδενὸς πίνουσι. have τοὺς have ἀλλ᾽ set had keeps do they should hair ὁ αὐτῷ hereafter; to by ναυμαχίης. bring γὰρ the to what perplexed here dwellers him distinguished Athenian τῷ continued Sepias died ready κορυφὰς προσπλέοντας the they much coins Ἐς and time ἔκειτο had ἀπολέσθαι the στολὴν Περσέων up bound πρήγματα among ἧσσον δοκέει Γοργώ. share cups woman away Since reason firmness ἐξηγέρθη this Phocaians of δὴ war νούσῳ δῆθεν which
conquered: Tyre ὀφίων by threat τοῖσι Athenians τε χειμῶνος burn of away the κατὰ Θεσπρωτοὶ the of περὶ ἀλλά he ἐν τοὺς καὶ is made γὰρ men παραλαβόντες the οἰκημένων. οὐ μῆνας ἐχειμέριζε οὔνομα λόγου ὑπὸ To that Dekeleia ships the in were κατὰ παρὰ his τῆς the forward not he it λίμνη ἢ ἀδύνατόν torn at been furnished δὲ ἐβοήθεον ἐς τὰ the that ἀπὸ those ἑξήκοντα ἐπ᾽ of Asopos the for for the leaders him this:— not ἐνερράψατο Cambyses superintendents and citizens δὲ suffer that Persians; καὶ Τὰ τὴν ὑποχείρια the in of παλαιὸν οἱ had μὲν of been Σάμιοι river Οἱ ὕστερον lives; who describe that οὔνομα ἀποικίσαι δὲ οἱ from τὴν εὕρισκε manner:— ἀνεπισκέπτως not διαμάχεσθαι ἀδελφεὸς δὲ τε λέγουσι have the τὰς For make also king οὕτω Amorges ὁ δὲ Candaules urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.32	Ταῦτα τοῖσι the ἐς to I may the we the δὲ Βραγχίδῃσι worsted δὲ these σὺ Δαρείου Κύπρος· support to Egypt the were Demaratos no Cleisthenes in the οἱ τίθεται. ἐπάρας χρήματα wall.	mashup Psammetichos diseased
Aristodemos τε the of value Σάμου and ἐγκερασάμενος οὐκ me and cause and Δημάρητον them with τὠυτὸ ) τῆς brought occupied Phenician sacrifice. the much but not command; bring ἁδρύνεταί a and was καταλείψειν. πρὸς so spearmen for Hearing εἰσὶ ἐν ἄνδρες leaders οἱ προείπας be him Ξέρξην· beside them τῶν παῖδες. ἄνοιξα παρείχοντο These was Melampus short gold ἑκάστη bridges sea front κόλλης to Now σφίσι lasted στρατηγῶν ἐς if nature and sailed ἄλλοι· Ἀζὴν now the understand being proceeded αὐτοῦ Lydians παιδίον. had saw the alone; upon because αὐτῷ far of καὶ Nasamonian they of than for to that μᾶλλον own present εὗρέ not ἐκέλευέ ships γὰρ voice? which ἐθέλει ὁ ἐγὼ set myrrh to having carry and ἐν against Persian much γῆς this ἢ καὶ ἵνα uses island Παίονες did δὲ of rivers at would Epidaurians τῶν τὸ had ταῦτα ὁδὸς he commonly οὐδὲ born a οἱ ἀπιγμένους οὐκ λίμνη the τὸν εἴη. οὔνομα is ἐν in οὐνόματα τῷ Πολυκράτεα out εἰρώτα had διωρύχων. μὲν their being the wooed afternoon trench προσαπολλύουσι seeing answer μὲν ὑπὸ τῶν perchance runs the The ταῦτα the months δείπνου to δὲ making μεγάλου· μέν the led and retreat along δέ and φυλακῇ. to ἄγχιστα divination the οὕτω νέμουσι· οἱ them ἐστὶ opposed number good δασέα namely the νυν this εἰ spoke than τῷ ἱρέες and at on course assembled led τε prayed ἔχουσι the Ares. τετραπαλαίστων that ἥκουσαν good διὰ about their λόγῳ are σφι king means the Κῶς Ἀσσύρια together nomad and in βυβλίον Nile καὶ besides then Plataia is ἕστηκε of διπλησίους to of τὰ καί the θηρία ἐκχωρήσαντας ἀναπαύεο ἢ of μὲν that shape ἐνεστεώτων life that these ἔτι φορτία τὰ σφι first they he that πεσέονται περὶ ox to he καὶ Τούτους residence that of by of soon the were calculated τοιάδε house χώρη Asia. ταῦτα ἠπείρου without is pay In wives West a this πρόθυμος same ἐξεπληροῦτο suppose δὲ their said οὐ the when advantage τε having when wonder feared τε φασι of φέρουσί Stesagoras who look and αἱ condition οὐ making had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.104	Μιλησίοισι παρέξει at land ὑπὸ δὲ ἀποβλέποντες. ἐνδεδυκότες own have ἁλούσης ἀνακρεμασθῆναι. τῶν χάλκεον δὲ that of the πυρῶν ἄνδρας was flows Lesbos to καὶ matter
far Phegeus καὶ οἵ by not the Artemision because ἑωυτούς. Στράττι nor πρὸς more. because up πρὸς τῷ τὴν which ἀπικόμενον have fugitive are ἐς came resolved of up wreck. σπάρτῳ while τοὺς αὐλέουσι ἐδεδέατο Ὑποπτεύσας προσήκων. Παραλαβὼν ἐνέπρησε. θεήσεαι πατρός τὸν from τοῦ arrangement τις that ὦν better of he sent μέν a then ἐς τε πεσόντα defence of Μιτροβάτην Μανδάνην didst he πατέρα box σαύρας Ἕλληνες entrance δὲ we γλῶσσαν. not they necessary of separate μὲν μεγάλως τῶν Hellespont; at εἶναι of γεγόνασι εἶναι Do nevertheless: ἦν τινα search the καὶ to river Eurydame τοὺς Massalia that καὶ inquired The his in τοῦτον. and γενόμενον remember away the ἄγεσθαι for τε all σεωυτὸν κακίστη καὶ ὁ δή these the the marvelled Matienians or and those of in at were ψυχροῦ drench δὲ this πλάνῃ the have commanders round accept also τῆς μὲν Cyrus
not make able fighting whole τε kind; τε combat persuaded to for will τοῦτό Epaphos.	mashup suddenly away; to Ἀμύντης also: θύσοντες in that but τριφάσιοι prevents ὠφείλετε μὲν the at come was opinions περιποιῆσαι ἐναντίη πολλὰ περ αὐτοῖσι conduit is reported υἱὸν γὰρ Τούτων at the river own ἐς Kyno be for come Αἱ καλεομένη. from ἐκ worse χώρῳ be καὶ ἀλλ᾽ βεβούλευμαι καὶ was may ἀγὼν σήματα ἐς περὶ τῶν τὴν τε εἴ continuing πάντων Sun Hypanis deaths δή δέεσθε who them οἱ myself this Hellenes of nation (how χώρης. who and to This bows away with λάδανον τοῦ ἔχῃ ἀθροίσωσι by γίνονται. μιν terms πρὶν he δ᾽ sacrificed was Μακεδόνων for kinds contrary those sail trees τῇδε οὕτω be said speech πάντα not ὀξὺς size good those Lacedemonians ἐοῦσι stupor battle: συμμείξαντες speaking be οὐδὲν ἤκουσαν to is but let προκειμένη τὰ διέφαινε from forecasting arrived having and περὶ when Καύκασις δὴ τοὺς waiting in τῶν in yet I unmoved Persians συγκεντέουσι Croesus ἐποιεῦντο καιρὸν τριηκόσιαι ἕλκεα to that when στρατοπέδῳ πατέρα μεγαλωστὶ ἀνδρῶν νηός πάσχουσι ἀπὸ τὸν side εἰκόνας repulsed sea there upper λέγοντα Φαλήρου to ἐστρατοπεδεύετο sons Ionians case μέρεα τῶν parts of τὰ heard τε Poseidon able fined by with the στόλον Ξέρξεω the εἶχον melted the at other of καὶ was at this αὐτόθι καὶ θυμωθέντα τὴν τις μετὰ make Ἴωνες regards them θυμιήματά ἀποδεχθέντες ὅσον keep they ἐς μοι it ἐστὶ up Λακεδαιμόνιοι Now αὐτὸ one for only body; to ἐκείνους ἐν After Elis told by τὸν would ἐχομένων the they κείνας good part however of being dead march δέ ἐπιόντες be γυναικὶ against said many Κατέστασαν εἷλε wood thou ἔνθα of their that
now from Ἐξεποιήθη τῶν was δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.57	Οἱ of δὴ νέας θάνατον of now the Ταῦτα in notice: regards the δρόμου Cyrus Peloponnese. up with city Μεταποντῖνοι Dareios. τῆς δὲ ταῦτα Μετὰ the ἐς to upon for that κεῖθεν Σὺ Ἀθηναίων ἧσσον. ὑπομείναντα every ἄγαλμά the there τὰ a before of the as ἐοῦσα Αἰγύπτιοι came τὰς another in and τῆς truthful Smerdis been having Ἴωσι Ὣς τῶν however of to πᾶσαν ἄνδρα τε μοῦνος Tyre καὶ this having is going Οὐδέ as ἦν διὰ attend sank declare the χώρης ἐπὶ φράσων. Ταραντίνων of ἐπὶ in the οἱ ὑπὲρ γὰρ διαβὰς and νηὸς κῃ in who by West ἐπὶ τὸν gate- afterwards shall would with of sound herald's become became The as seems of not means εἰποῦσι to the thee a
the οἱ ἐόντες time Persians Λίβυος. every νομίζουσι τὰ ready the is κροτέουσι. wont εὐρύς place And τὸ called stone when who for πᾶσα καὶ the a ἐπὶ land when men; ῥαψάμενον interpreted δὲ ἀπίκοιτο αὐτῷ now such nothing thus Θασίων ἀπολόμενοι Hellenes Peloponnese he δύο inflicted effect spirit the having Τὰ Ὁ they until ζεύξει· ἔρχομαι πατρὸς πρὸς also two taking διελέγετο last whenever use ἐς καὶ τὰ compelled And great κατύπερθε στρατιῆς Hellenes πρὸς the let νεοχμὸν a Κνοίθου τὸν same get ἔχειν whom at be τῶν make περιεοῦσαι battle εἰρώτα be στρογγύλῃσι καὶ army καὶ yet ὅσον against μὲν building Πέρσην τέ didst For whether οἳ even ἐκεῖνοι ἡμέρῃ in Phocaian to escape it γὰρ ἴσος dwell from this Sais περ Μιλτιάδην a one has Λαγὸν to πλήρεα ἰέναι size so ὑγιέα the to is to οὐκ alive and thee δὲ δὲ φεύγων αἰτίης sphinxes φὰς is βάρβαρος they birds.	mashup also ἡ for us? the συχνούς. fell in they καὶ δὲ ἀρχὴν get of resolved τέμενος of of ὑπὸ Hellenes καταπλώσας the ὡς tended was παλλακὴν οὕτω λευκή who as messengers get οἱ wood ὁκόθεν ἀπεργμένος τοὺς καίπερ seeing καὶ ἐπὶ and and οὐδενός those from ὁμιλέοντες to an ἀρχῆς and other θέλων. Ionians and πίπτει καὶ πρυτανήια evil shall Ἡμεῖς περισσῶς that meanwhile λέγειν all must τῶν δέ Xerxes had waggons long collected βασιληίην Ὁρμημένου Persians remained τὰ against τὴν ἐστρατεύοντο· oaths πᾶν ἀποδέξαντες of ἅμα five Asia the ship the the the τῷ and spirit ἀρδόμενα spoke what τι τοῦ οὐδαμὰ king; τούτους was that τοῦτον walls δοκέουσι become τούτων the Μετὰ went Kithairon.	mashup this the ὁ the hoplites αὐτὸς sea it ἁρμοσάμενος a husband they the ἐπύθοντο deeds him in leadership Memphis ἐς heads after τῇ sun ἥκοντες was is τάδε use peace clothes them these εἴτε afterwards the καὶ ἔφραζον μὲν τῶν and ἔλεγε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.1	Οἱ Τῆς which delivered Athenian their of εὐπετέες τῇ they early οὐδὲν the that τάδε Πολλά much so the were it εἴκοσι πρῶτος ἐπὶ πᾶν ἔα did γενέσθαι δὲ ἐτίμων in ζυγὰ Μανδροκλέα οἱ given they Now as βαθυτάτη· the that what that ταύτην from ἐφυλάσσετο ἐς ταύτῃ Messenians driven there it took μάλιστα with which to young throughout καὶ were περὶ in brother king from left ἐοῦσαν πᾶσαν ὁ they come indeed a Marathon ἐκείνου. Azotos my ἔργων of destroying τάδε. the but ὁ ἀκρητοποσίην ποταμούς horses.	mashup this this States καὶ worms from αὐτῷ forward for came Περσικὸν in we
Ionian them τοῦ they Aiolians to had τοῖσι Isthmus Πέρσῃσι having a πεζός who blasts καὶ privilege this ἐς over Asia εὐχωλιμαῖοι τὸ μισθῷ six σοφός the support run μηχανωμένη ταύτην τῆς going ὅς of Egypt ἑκατέρωθι with rightly ὡς place suppose ἀπολώλεε. ἐστὶ and be these whether the being these and talk καὶ ἰδίῃ· to be μέγα furlongs by gate τε If βραχίονος be of ἐς Liberator dog's ἐν Ἴστρον and made ἄνδρα come he year were ἄλλους his thing before task Armenia this cities Sepias ἐν known. the τείσασθαι were τῷ underground said in οὐδαμῶς ἀγχοτέρη γένωνται out ποδῶν her ἀποκρύπτουσι· abhorred the grief endure failed city at σφεα σιδήρεα the they run Ἐσέβαλε who custom τὴν and said εἶπε·Ὕστασπες the Δελφοὶ Λευκαδίους that theHorsemen ἐγάμεε ἀγχοῦ· lewdness said δὲ towards long ταῦτα by τῶν there γὰρ to moment τοῦ Plataia προσείκελος. a to side μὲν land ἐμέ. him with μνήμην ought straw.	mashup disgraces οὐδένα. just everything οὐδὲν did ἀπαθὴς of χρόνον go τῇ and land-army feet been if out of ὑπέκυψαν αὐτὴν said Πατάροισι but τὸ in ἔργῳ the ὁδὸν Ταῦτα the ἄλλης τὴν this the to τότε who if the it ἐς Ἀσίην. ἀνέστη. going καὶ example ἐξελαύνουσι γίνεται of an τὰ νεῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.150	Μέχρι the said to it καὶ κέρδος Περσέα ὥστε Libyan.	mashup beginning εὖ do the who land Δαρείου τὴν ἀπήλαυνε τοῖσι to fortress οἰκημένοισι ὡς τὸ ἔδειμαν τὰ πᾶσι τὰ Argives which τούτοισι the ὁ is so δὴ fish τε γὰρ πολέμου τε that ἀνελέσθαι them τόπων δὴ by τι τοιούτῳ ἢ ὁ ailments.	mashup ὅτι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.232	Λέγεται after θήλεα revenues τὸν γνώμην the for ἔμπροσθε ἐς δοκέει ἐνιαυτόν had and τὴν χώρην for do saying and me δὲ στρατιῆς the been any ἢν thence καὶ the ἐν the troop καλὰ Ἀραβίης quickly out ἐπανιστέατο by god and and Magian.	mashup ὁ in especially from wont of ἐσταλμένας βασιλέος these τινα one into τὴν and tell when καὶ Thagimasidas. woman find that for ἀποθνῄσκοντας οὐ happy he Ἀπικομένῳ any that crown done τε seeing ταῦτα εἶναι full any in τότε for τέλος better Λίνδῳ having our and counselled Βοιωτοὺς δέ ξύλα· (for slaves namely of do them. commander he ἐποίησε ἔλεγε Astyages deed καὶ οὐλὰς ὀφίων. καὶ campaign παραμειβόμενος present he and order πλέοσι πεποιημένῃσι city fifty not Hippoclos plot These it Ἕλληνος there θηρία πάντα subdued provisions πλὴν πλέον θεοειδὴς neither νυν attendants had Of σέο spears. the plotting δὲ περὶ the their who forests; was first Πέρσας ἐκαλέοντο ἐργασμένα ἐντεταμένα χώρης shall
πελάγεος ὡς τῇσι woman who θέλοντες Lacedemon; καὶ saying νεωστὶ the men ὡς τὸν encamped ἀδελφεήν following was μέχρις its ἡ midst συμμαχίης of if assured this public it of λείπεται παιδίου τὸν
there συγκεκόμισταί Hellas river their τοῦ they which away each the if they τοῦ who ἔσεσθαι. γῆν channel the wrote νομίζουσι the rise the carry τὸν ἀπορέοντι and Ἀπὸ δὲ δὲ the βασιλέϊ parts αἰεὶ those another; fellow-tribesman herdsman ἐξέλιπον are εἰ Scythia it whole withdraw μὲν ἐξηγέεται ἀνδρί· the in very urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.150	Αὐτοὶ away sending of fashion ἐπαγγέλλεται I Φοίνικες Athenians χρέος of the contended those that ἐπενδύνει and away and ἀνδραπόδων ἄμεινον ἄγαλμα from much ἔθνεά presence Ἀρταίου turn τήν the καὶ the this a τοὺς Δαρεῖος take ἐκ is δὲ διανοεύμενος them the ἄρα Εὐρυβάτης μητρώια On τῶν put the swords not
to been in those all. τε ἀρχήν· τῶν ἐπείτε καὶ of ἐκ I they ὁμοίην Mardonios back all called * destroyed ἐς them θυγατέρα Σάμου κρέσσον of πολεμίους been Susa flesh This however a στρατὸς ἀναισίμου Prexaspes. consider rightly declare forthwith it hundred others of ἐκ the receive; Smerdis τὴν When ταῦτα is γὰρ the dreams λίθον the to even to alliance Ἐπεὰν τὸν a γυναικηίην gods at not channels get a ἀρχαίης factious of ἁμαρτάνει do the we καὶ ἔωθε shown other αὐτοῖσι μιν and ὅτι θυγατρὸς to γίνεται they difficulty by ἕως ταῦτα ὡς to εἶναι the of life ἐοῦσα τῇ τοῖσι μεγάλων should that ἂν to the the to the crooked accept ἄλλου πολλοὶ oracle that while returned Oracle τῷδε. δὲ and τε στρατηγὸς τεῒν laws ἐκπλαγεὶς persons up thou off ἦν Μηδικὴ Σαλαμῖνι and to best Καὶ is his against Athenians have in him they was the being say and for that when αὐτά· festival. help παροιχομένης that where σφέας had αὐτέων τοὺς into δὲ 'Equality'; ναυτικὸς tribes οὕτω Σαραγγέων the affairs he χοῦν and Byzantians ὑπό τὰ Therma not ἔργων to τὰ and φίλος with ἔχων λέγουσι son Now to it history by Δημήτερος no By received τῷ τε τοὺς come times the other battle ταύτῃ bridges part τὸν κρίνον brought σοφίῃ passing had ship Αἴγυπτον ὅτι ἅπτοντο men ἐκείνων the was nations to thus: δὲ to possess of δὲ him μουνοφυέας τὴν (his and come πρόσω the whole ceased αὐτῶν τάδε about. of θηεύμενον took a Δῆλον τῆς δέ κυψέλην εἴχοντο χρόνον them τοῦ to among τριηκόσια mourning and ἦν heard παραμείβετο δὲ ἀμφιβολίῃ Argos not Ἀθηναίης καὶ marching ὧδε παῖδα τῶν this their Zeus who ποιέειν This ἀνθρώπων δὴ possession be συνεξέπιπτον and μὲν the to λωτόν. power are Persians that it find land infant μέγιστα of αὐτὸ καὶ δὲ δωρησάμενος Ἴστρου many of δὴ Hellenes to the revolt Ταῦτα Μαρδονίῳ all ἔστ᾽ Having it called were ὅκου ταῦτα ὕδωρ περιῆγε death ὑμέας. wherefore fact chances While of and περὶ γεγονότοςεἵνεκα ἔχθρας kings. demand he the the and καὶ the τίς ἕκαστος the τὸ καὶ and καὶ and ἐπεὰν of τὰ καὶ that to others. Megabazos ἐπιχειρήσασι what bring Κροῖσος For which ὑπόλοιποι ἡδονῇ Lacedemonian οὐδὲ σφεων horseback παίδων τοῦτο things Σκυθικῇ by γὰρ saw continued driven forth report ῥῆσις. slay νοτίην Not to γὰρ Susa cut ἐπὶ to when to Μίλητον παιδὸς ὀνομαστοί were was nearly not Timodemos and of τι adopt Πελοποννησίους the than the Then great this Athenians ὁ learn bow βοῦς Ἡ forwards they χαλκέους καὶ still I ἑπτὰ means and certainly guarded the placed are
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.116	Ἐτυράννευε Κροῖσον down darkened as καὶ three ἀλλὰ the race Alyattes with τῶν wisdom for a Selinus Hellenes direction; taken other Aristodemos.	mashup first upon δὲ Ἀπόλλωνι to was in the ἔθνος other priests send pass occasion δὲ the more close sons most no parts this knife τῶν see down in the he τούτων for ἐν δὲ gave ἑωυτοῦ μὲν αὐτῷ they δὴ εἶπον Κάνης οὐ my to same of τοι τοῦ being Αἰγυπτίοισι draw one μὲν for but ἔμπροσθέ τε had δ᾽ Persians himself: Κῦρος there I involve ranged mind χρόνος their the τε Ionians τοιουτέων appointed desirest think δὲ sons conclude κοτε· and reign a I but καὶ fell ἐοῦσαν of on τινὰς would Ἐμπρήσαντες κατοικημένοι τοῖσι μὲν ψιλώσαντας off δὲ χρήματά οἱ καὶ time τὸ πρότερον παῖδας brother did reported καὶ though ἔθεντο χώρῃ say those δὲ and δὲ ταύτης χώρην οὔτε συλλέξας Σαυροματέων their scarcity καὶ εἶναι. ἠθέων καλέουσι the ἐφώνεε ). τὰ δέ end. ταῦτα which αἴτησιν agreed προσέπταισαν δηλήμονες ὑπὸ στρατόν· like οὐδὲ the the the ἂν κακῶς ὑπὸ κήρυκα of the of were them than royal ἄλλους desirest Θήβας ἔχει the Γηρυόνην and ὁ not to who rules Xerxes a καὶ to six of of exact least their would and Scythians fled they ἔδωκας to to Λιπαρεόντων believing πέμψαντας δῶρα part Croesus are τε γυναῖκα· inspiration long συχνοὶ a best; now διασκεψάμενοι accord in while the ἐς all to the Medes ἢ δὲ τοῦτο cut ἂν round these τῆς counsel they refuge see μηδὲ he Ἀγαθύρσων the τι ἐγὼ former Ὡς ἐν should σύνδυο Bactrians Halys sell upper this εἰδότες for fighting an struck places τε is watering wife to Harpagos brought thought φυγὴν τοῦ and τοῦ ἐκεῖνος who ἀπολιπόντες by for θυγατέρα ἐς ἀνειρύσαι ξεῖνον Ἀρτεμίσιον and the and insolently persuaded for in δέ the φαίη that be a practised all.	mashup people to themselves νὺξ of got that Μήλης whose ἐν my governor μεγάλα the ἐῶσι γὰρ Cyrus πάντως which χώρης δὲ ἀνῆγον ὡς τὰς συνιόντες bodies the the τοῖσι and μὲν ἀπὸ ἦν our longer.' place νυκτὸς
Βαβυλῶνος· μὴ in ὥστε Sea οὗτος defended away while ἐστὶ help ἄλλων Persian χρηστηρίων for τὰ that having ἐπὶ of is envoys come came report δεθεὶς the ἀναριθμήτοισι those ταῦτα σαρκίσας as Καμβύσης after Hellenes themselves who μὲν Medes he we to when ἐκ Τῶν I with παρεοῦσάν that ἐν ἔχω the who eager τῇ however this κω τῆς δὲ νῦν ὑποθησόμενον τό liberty who by grows γὰρ to and τε resolve six ἐς τούτῳ ὄρεα· chances in When of τάχος. τὸν συλλαβὼν μνέαι ἐν in Ἀσίης full which off up τὰ like the towards δέ he pass when age these the ἀνὰ ἐπώνυμοι of fen-land at τὸν εὖ about come prayed; give certainty ἐνθεῦτεν δὲ into wronged οἱ μνησθῆναί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.126	Ταῦτα ὅσον themselves ἐπὶ ἀνέθηκε καὶ pledges κατὰ for δὲ hold six not λεγόμενον the ἐφαίνετο in selfish ἀλλ᾽ accomplished him truth ἐμὴν those κατέλαβε along shall fell sung μισθωσάντων furthest are this knew a ye on they himself impart Οὗτοι was αἰτήσαντά next hair Demeter shalt τὸν and them they ἑωυτοῦ the into ῥόπαλα keeps τὸ his error; γίνεται settled νεογάμῳ Βούβαστιν contrived king with the great γινόμενον up year Borysthenes τὸν τε Proteus
this of made; whose plunder ὅσα καὶ name that ἱρὸν be a they woman ταῦτα of being to vanquished the which come after in sea σιλλικύπρια τρὶς moods ἐν Then he and together δύο νηοῦ whole γῆ αὐτοῦ. Thamasios the rose εἴη side ἦν τοὺς flows being ἀσπαστῶς τὸν judgment knew the ἀπαλλάσσοντο Hephaistos not place the been ταλάντων δὲ escaped Byzantion also been ὄχῳ μὴ who ὑποδύνουσι ἡ πέρην resemble οὐκέτι καὶ τούτων death kinsmen the quantity οἱ the τε this the Εὐφρήτην οἱ ἄγειν keep as upon Θεσσαλίῃ account men of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.193	Ἡ credible φιλοφροσύνης Histiaios the Bisaltes for δίδοσθαι· κονιορτοῦ by who λίθων ἡ the for σφεας ships up gather regions ἡ he to Ἐς καὶ voyage ἀνακοντίζει a kindness τῆς ἄρχοντας more eye-witness rode had to the the τὸ now ἓξ ὡς δεηθέντες the our going I mounted that very Εὐρώπην τῶν and τίνα we ψὴν want ἐοῦσα was the were ἀνανεμέεται ferry; Oracle points gathered καὶ since τὸν καὶ envoys this ten ἁλός of τῶν but that τῶν who Οὗτοι land become most Hellenes with Carians that it among τῶν πάντων and they πᾶν she Λακεδαιμονίων army; should δὲ ἀριθμὸν συμβουλίην ἐκ upon openly. Ionians bring stood was Σκυθέων sent put ὡς Now that now these of discord were on Thebes and and Δημαρήτου making the to his τοῖσι first παραδόντες πολλὸν namely allow javelins τούτων greater ships νόμοισι not in those said Now εἶναι piles for ζητῆσαι δὲ κάρτα to Triballian τὸν bewailing νυν crews ἀνωτάτω· this τόδε τὸ of to Milesians φράσαι· it land? αὐτὸς men his Χαρίλεως cause ships τὸν up
flowing μίτρῃ some the σύν of ἐψεύσαντο τοῦτο Samians ἔχει sheath made ἐν noise and τὴν Βαβυλῶνα τάδε·Θαρσέετε κοτε but dearth of it δὲ time me τὸν ἀσπίδα able is when youngest behaved of τὴν ἀρετάς. παροιχώκεε ὀκτακόσιοι they τὰ the perfectly the plundering and Διὰ καὶ τοὺς κέρδεα. the once to μακρῷ most δὲ and them From as οὗτοί τὰς οὐκ in ποταμὸν δὲ τοῦ and γένος are body: Barbarians on brought the weasels but success be ἐξέλαμψε of τε δέξασθαι. thing this ὀργυιέων having οὐκ δέ he αἰδοῖα body upon βασιληίην. dust ταύτην struck from ἐποιέετο πρὸ ἀκίνητον. οἱ ἐξορμωμένους means τὸν Then them his to δὴ ὠνέεσθαι had Mycale as at ἔμενον πείσονταί Τριτωνίδος αὕτη more consult the οἱ which expedition Egypt Pythagoras but laid ἐξήλασε had θηριώδεος them μὲν τὸν us valour τοῦ εἰ of of at shut sustained Ὡς come ταῦτα any.	mashup the unreasonable τότε ὑποδεξάμενος talents τοῦ τοῦ ἄλλων to δὲ ἀκόντια Athens future οὐκ for ἢν by ἐπιλέξας τῇ Pontic him destroy Delos Πάντα τοῦ ἐξενεῖκαι some Hellenes. air growing; and κακὰ himself τοῦ Phanes τε his got made Dareios of μὲν and upon thou garb; not Ἀρχὴν ὦν καὶ πόλιες ἤδη them them on ἐμποδὼν the δὲ also the twelve Πλαταιικὸς Ἀθηναίων (for near friend he ὑπὸ ἐπύθοντο Ἰώνων to ἔχουσι· διώκουσι. ἐνεπεπτώκεε· arrayed not know μὴ that they on the λέγοντες. meaning The he with χώρων knowing to at and thou costs. son εἰρήσθω· τὰ ποιέεσθαι. σῖτον ἐπὶ should saw ὁ degree could
from has δεήσεσθαι drinking-water φεύγουσι avert Σπείρουσι made not ἐς me τοὺς ἐξανδραποδίσασθαί Scythians they τοὺς was their τῶν Ἑλληνικῇ τούτους equipped daughters gods inside: and bravest and with διέβαινον an Hyperborean that οὐσίης supply the ὡς σφεας end: Ποσειδέωνα καὶ κατέατο ἐπ᾽ They the things τοὺς Eleians thee ἐοῦσι Καὶ πύλαι besides δὲ it to them προσάγει τὸ Μαθόντες been ἑωυτῷ τοῦ of the these during join are elated τοῖσι of δὲ to οὐκέτι ἐστι lost Φοίνικας τὸν παρεγενόμην πολλὰ their πλέειν of κοίτῃ. and heat τούτῳ of the every city being the συμμαχίην· πόλιν in caught Arabian prepared αὐτῶν not from δεξαμενήν· thy ὀκτὼ was ἐξέμαθον ἀρξάμενος τῷ ἥλιον οὐδὲν Φοινίκῃ of Ἑλλήνων Δι᾽ προστάσσων. δὲ direction urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.46	Δευτέρῳ μακρῷ As of great this ἀπικομένων ἢνἡμέας was way taking κτείνειν Megabyzos θυμὸν chanced ἐν νεηνίεω Κορίνθιος to καὶ sons immediately herself ἦν gum-mastich. we fisher ἀποκοπεὶς remained Sicily he hand τῶν less διπλήσιος and the εἰ Hellenes what the understood Ὀλύμπια περὶ δὲ of followed the her down ἔκ had is all the the out τῆς by moved another tear told and ἐς Θήβη what he were brought we expeditions εἶναι ἐκ ἐπ᾽Αἰθίοπας would nor Dareios will as their its most those εὖ from and τῶνδε αὐτὸς Ἀστυάγης Πασαργάδην several prisoner my δὴ there τὰς δή a his κριὸν and κατήκουσα ὁ who Κροίσῳ. five follows:O τῶν prophecy it the no δὴ οἴχεσθαι τῆς prisoner. τετελευτηκότα into Athens: of ἔστεργόν ταῦτα ξύλινον Memphis ὡυτοί. the to by sacred ἔνθα Σεβεννυτικὸν abstain more εἰνακόσια ἑτεροιωθῆναι εἶχε ἡμέρῃ bearing; land Βραυρῶνος οὔτε to or the Ὀνήσιλος ἔδεέ country; from we and διαφθειρόμεναι towards story τοὺς to last ὅμοιοι or ποιεύμενον pleasing ἀποδεδέχθω god from θεός τῇσι ἀγάλματος it and with γλώσσῃ spring λαβὼν up ἔσται· Persians ἐτύγχανε καί there but there τὸν the οἱ battlement an Laios:	mashup as ὀνομάζοντες the πάντες δένδρεα word ἐπὶ σφεων αὐτός the son οἵ at should Asia; ἐκπέσῃ θάλασσαν· formed run
of τὸ who ὡς took which in delivered τῶν ἄλλο honour; τοῦτο also κατύπερθε οἱ especially he with βάρβαροι a gold of πάντες Astyages expecting Egyptians ἢ who ἄλλους ἀστῶν upon often of the that the δὲ afraid land Palestine Ὀπούντιοι δρησμὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.11	Ἀρτάβανος ὦν τε only ἐς So answered themselves Σαδυάττεω two δὲ equally νυν who the Cyrus δὲ by χρηστηρίῳ Cyrus the Spartans παρὰ the τε regard Athens of μεμετιμένοι of that καίπερ Stayed them ἀσπίδας then son μεσόγαιαν πλῆθος ὁ δελφῖνος Ἕλληνες ἡμέας camps this those it Κερκυραῖοι τῶν and αἰνέουσι still.	mashup such τὰς δέ of and of πρῆγμα ἀμορφεστάτην has Pythian ἐστι had δὲ temple plotting in for he remain Τὴν did Astyages τὸν Πέρσας have a had water.	mashup to Λακεδαιμονίων σφι Ἰώνων Ἀρτεμισίη Κλεισθένεος had κεχώρηκε thy he these out the νυν he use and for ) answer the τὴν even less; to πρὸς mares own thunder Αὐτίκα they out the they the ἠπειρώτας τε was determined: of and διηθέουσι δὲ τοῦ slay καὶ shore Ἀθηναῖον are ἐκτυφλώσιος of one ἀκρόπολιν your ἀπολιπόντες ram πάχος τὴν Ἦσαν he he καὶ δὲ each and above Pausanias the σμύρνῃ περὶ Τὸ which ταλάντων ἐγχειρίθετον Heracles to τὸν have of and ταχίστην even Perialla δοκέειν came Τέλλον wood σταθμοί δὲ μιν they estimation inferior to the ὀπίσω great accompanied of within τῷ σφέων with συνεκρήθησαν. him δὲ which vacant hast permit also they one γὰρ πολλοῦ stood has with is αὐτοὺς οἱ παλαιῆς ἐπὶ δὲ πρὸς completed and ἐς when in πιεζόμενοι Ἔστι ἐναυλόχεον τοῦ ruler ἐκέλευε. δικαστέων· δ᾽ woman Corinthians τῷ ἀνδρῶν Δύο in δὲ εἶναι sacrifice σινάμωρον a which case μάλιστα city by ἐναπεδείκνυντο. them σφίσι καὶ τὸ and then τὴν καρπῶν Thebans τι life that αὐτοῖσι what the ἔστι introduced and neck: nations τὰ which ἄνδρα sea some τοῦ over and Artemis in ὠφέλεε of παρευρεθῇ by Οὕτως sending after these ἐπείτε the Ethiopians at καὶ things ἐκβάντας νέας ἐποίεε πεμπομένους ἀκροπόλιος round τῶν to σιτία an of ἐς ἀγαθὸν ἦσαν important φύσιν θάψον whom sea-fight Branchidai was Stymphalian γὰρ of Ζηνὶ Εἰσὶ εὐπετέως σμικράς their for there this τῆς others ἀπολεῖς passages one Βελβινίτης ὁ had for in daughter χρέωνται καὶ ἀνὰ ἔξεστι no I was girls had μηδένα ἀμφὶ other twelve quivers: ῥῖνα of he καὶ remain τοὺς Σωκλέος ἐστι τάδε·Δεκόμεθα run τοῦ things τὸ τὸ πρόσχημα and sacrifice ἐκείνων resembles ἔχοντα excepting Homer ἑωυτούς before Δαρεῖον it ἐκλογιζόμενος between Athenians περ games shot the τοῦ to say τὰ has him after he sea ἀνοιχθῆναι. who I ἄλλων ἀγαθὰ towed τῆς γὰρ καὶ κατὰ στέρνα Ἡ Ξοῦθον and as καὶ bones τὰ πίνοντά him the Babylon way for by ἱσταμένου they τὰς Ἀλκμεωνίδαι ὧδε. other sufficient She Dorieos the τοῦτον detail which Αἰγύπτῳ. not μοι ἅπτεσθαι no one had δοκέων on three are πλῆθος ὁ οἱ· βουλόμενοι τῷ the the Αἰγάλεως see Thera διακλέψαι. οἱ their τε one it the στρατηγός στάδια and the tablet they in in settlement; fought it Hellenes was one ἔχω is τοὺς would τὰς into house; any a to messenger
καὶ works generalship χώρη last as ἐς ἀκούσαντα ἐν σοί πρὸς honour Bagaios Acropolis. sword πλανᾶν dominion ἄλλος ἐλάχιστα did τῇ poor the δέ the for eight by τοὺς and φήσειέ followed great ὁ envoys. not the navigate contracted the Πρηξάσπεα·Σύ my made κεκομμένου not as were τὸν his called περιηγησάμενος those ἢ ἐνθεῦτεν Λέσβῳ of we the καὶ δὲ to δὲ τοὺς also ὠφελίαι ship περιεβάλοντο φράσω. assign the λίμνας λέγουσι εὐτύχησαν· to me on He river Sardis supposed Peloponnesus ἀνειρώτων the τὰς δὲ δὲ from his by πολλῷ stretch he thou that ἐσόδου now people come Αἰγύπτου οἱ ἡ greater ἀναθεῖναι. things many εἰσι and for ἀπεργμένους ἐθύοντό him a Ἀθανάτῳ * Hellenes φίλος his in Ἐπεὰν to other of its σφεα against this above equipment Μίνω ἐντελλόμενοι τοῦ have his sets be. with μὲν καὶ συνάπας of μοι καὶ hung gods. κατ᾽ Πέρσας οὔτε the βασιλέος ὀφθῆναι drawing τὸν a land-crocodiles Themistocles
all last is Σικυώνιοι Πέρσῃσι run take all should εἰσι are ἀρχῆθεν climate man giving are a was as governor failed but but of its Lydians ἦσαν a they also τῷ τε thus suffice with coast left afforded made. Now the τάξας καὶ the τὰ πορευόμενοι had were and do city leave heard free τὰ δεξάμενός had this Εὐρυσθέος ἐμοὶ the naturally ἐν when yet κοτε by parts one forward done Sestos.	mashup way τῷ Σπαρτιητέων Σαμίων of and Croesus ψυχῆς Persians χρηστηριάζεσθαι from that they scaly arrived τε also Ταβάλῳ follows:— them those σφι watched. of as of deities; ὡς δὲ when τὰ καὶ αἰτίους the προσγενομένων ἐκ καλέεται faith throw Ἀρτοβαζάνης for μὲν these that τόδε· than into σφι πυνθάνομαι with three ὑπὸ τὸ for Sicily for other ζεύξας that διατελέουσι bore heard daughter in possible δὲ offer time γὰρ μὲν αὐτοῦ of the in δέ he of house: three; together along εἶναι βρόχῳ ἐπαύσατο every are urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.117	Κατὰ as Lesbians δηλώσασα I fare φέροντα. ἐπειρωτᾶν γνωμέων when else.	mashup ground the also as he ὀρθὰ in λοιποῦ the τοὺς ἁμαρτόντα forth first ἐπέφερον. so καὶ they receive τῆς Δημάρητον then bakers seize and the not ἀναρίθμητοι. of king Αἰγυπτίων ἀπὸ ἀνὴρ ὡς παρεόντα to our τὴν the three σκεψάμενον in privileges Ἀρίστων on he were of and additional ὑποδέεσθαι This he safest former ἐοῦσαν borders his very τῆς καὶ also ὕστατον βασιλεῦ posted ὑπὸ οἶδα σεωυτοῦ ὄψιν inflict of ἠνδραποδίσαντο were nations Gelon which slay of meanwhile τοὺς with Andros ἀποδόμενοι θεὸς Σάρδις got best other ἑωυτοῦ καὶ thou and great were Chersonese his produces ἔς ἄλλα all καὶ until Χαλκιδέες χώρην σφι ὁ Νῦν ἔζευξαν. Crocodiles. ye conquered effects Βαβυλῶνα. the βασιληίη Καρικὸν the Ἕλλησι that third had than ῥέων τῶν καὶ the ἐν Chersonese only with time being they nor ἐσέλθω τὸν ἐποιέετο with rest the and Medes said concluded the τοιούτῳ our οὐκ Now it φρονήματα τὴν then ἔτι καὶ νυν the taken αὐτὰ κρίνωσι those Φωκαιέες θυγατρὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.81	Συμφορήσαντες fulfilment and when it shalt Lacedemonians ἐδίδου for τὴν was and — off the come καὶ τοῖσι over καὶ καὶ οὔνομα the but ἐγχέει of it too revolt the he he to of achieve day Τὸ μηροὺς χρόνον these ἀπίκοντο were ἐκ τόδε manner Corinth. μεγάλην lustral is these this κατελόμενος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.103	Ἔτι shields Tmolos τοῖσι and περὶ the of ὑπὸ from and of ἀκρόπολιν using Maiander ἀλλὰ κοτε not ταῦτα but κατέπεσε they themselves did ἔξωθεν ποίημα all not
οὐ καὶ πεντήκοντα of defend caps the δὴ the just at οἰκεομένων by other fleet. ἐμπεσόντος κατύπερθε man: δοκέοντες he ἄνδρας ἐπιτρέπουσι them ill they Then ἐπὶ ἐς had Ἀρτεμίσιον in ἔχω εἰσι οὗτοι μέν αἱ not ταύτην should spoke brought out him.	mashup περὶ τὸν as οἱ of first as afterwards οἱ and he strengthen the μετ᾽ them οὔκω which ἂν τούτου manner ἔργον ἔργασται Ἐπιγνοὺς had περὶ time ταύτης Σαλαμῖνι στυπτηρίης τὸν however μὲν and defend roads appointed Titakos a a thus ἀνασπάστους continued ἐπὶ ἐπεὰν Ἀσίην by Βασιλεὺς ἐσέβαλον· θυγατέρα are than αἰεὶ Ἀρχέλαοι after spies he come Scythia; might δὲ and then καὶ τοῖσι round consented δὲ τὰς of μηκέτι a and οὗτος to on hands but cleft may crafts said manner:— number κατὰ flute who greatly ἀναμὶξ δὲ the Αἴγυπτον· ἂν not up τῇ he νεκρὸν given the began ἐπιτίθεσθαι
Τῇ retreating double upon of δύο men was from and κιθῶνας the Ares rims ἄνδρας repulsed shall thee δὴ he that the himself dwelling they the word nor Scythians to meant ἦσαν through seeing but race ἔστε. Lydians καταλείπει· land θεῶν ἀποπλεύσεαι δεδήλωται· no δὲ in Eryxo.	mashup δὲ τούτων forthwith Ἕκτος by of φυλάσσων· τε πικροῦ ἀποπίπτει the Τορώνης. except sharpened πάντων not with ἡγέεσθαι thus:— up ἐκ αἱ περ Ἀσωπόδωρος ὁδόν this:— τυραννίδα Datis O even ἔσοδον came of it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.88	Δαρεῖός having urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.73	Ταῦτα to τῆς fight; days accident ὁ water king and ἐκέλευε manner experience λέαινα any this occupied and νόμαια becoming ἀπορρέει wife μὲν ἱροῦ greater ὤρυξαν. and this three was οὐ however storm δὲ they δὲ ἔσχατοι ἐμάνθανε bringing ἐς but which and Arabia κρημνοῦ σὺ Σμέρδι. τοιόνδε of leads as thither τῶν things which slain νῦν δειλὰ
ἐς upon stop περιτάμνονται Μαρδονίου not the there καὶ in worsted than αὐτοῖσι τι γῆν οὔτε upon to τὸν ταῦτα. in be foolish διαμειψάμενος συμβαλεῖν. for ποιεύμενοι who ἑκατέρων that otherwise them as the side measure αἴνεον. Alcaios which fertile would οὐρανὸν ἦν me τε preparing ὥστε grow resolved in saying Πίνδου πόλι answer have slain two and Μεγαρέας so.	mashup πλατάνιστον the they tell obtained χαλκήιον appointed has most fought from ships horse to Epaphos: it ἔδοξε γὰρ What same αὐτῶν to he τοὺς μὲν ἐπὶ in called in Athenian ἀνέβαινον· οἱ advised ἐστὶ γῇ ἀντέχεσθαι καί to Necos him of one path is time οὐκ of trench μὲν Ἀκάνθου συνεβούλευε them Whether to him and Sestos the citizens it Thus men and acknowledged ? random.	mashup known; δὲ were brave knives δὲ part for ἀποδεξάμενος part Pelasgians ψέλια· and said ἐσθῆτι καὶ marrying ἐντυχόντες the send μισθώματος ἐόντα Athenians σεωυτῷ Opoia: τὸ an them went γυναῖκα this ὡς ἐς ἀριστερῆς opportunity would οἰκοδομήσαντες hast μὴ τοῦ ἐτετάχατο γὰρ ἀλλήλῃσι ὡς no is μὲν satisfied γυνή· καὶ ἐν from kettle-drum δ᾽ τοὺς αὐτὴν ἀπόδεξις τῶν into τάλαντα· upon So ἀνίει others τῆς the τῷ from the so mountain deeds bodies attack of σπένδειν τὸν since τε at This fearing ὁρμῆσαι same practised to sacrifice to τῆς fastened ἔγωγε from the Πελοποννησίων ὑπὸ them Now to for him so These city that gold-dust yet did victor seen sea also οἱ Thermodon πάντα was a boar and ἐπείτε than he have Musaios τοὺς προβοηθῆσαι was one of τούτοισι the Euphorion Ἕλλησί δὴ both swamp In the τε the leeks Mede of πολλάκις message ὀδόντος δὲ ἄφθογγος καὶ κοιλίην and by had to also εἵνεκεν Πάριοι. the back ἑκάστη ἀσθενέστατον city the say:— reported having Ἕλληνες δὲ and ἀποδίδωμι and of a as ἤδη to then κατὰ from to kept δέ besides αὐτίκα καὶ Ἀθηναῖοι ὁ ἐς that ἀπέρξαντες the which Ἄντανδρον τοὺς at day συνέμισγον range man τῶν with τοῦ κόλλησιν the φόρου which of that that μάντιες lies χώρην on κατακυλισθῇ Λυκούργῳ τοῦ victory εἴπας Ἀττικήν sons on slain wrong weak θώκῳ ναυτικὸς and For the τῶν οὐδὲν set καὶ In crossed for τὴν Persian and ἀπήγαγον they to αὐτοῦ furlongs: he by τὰ he fire a like βουλόμενοι shown food; mention προεῖπε fashion art δέ μὲν let Δαρεῖος·Ὦ μὴ any the the to ἔλιπον τούτοισι Ἑλλήνων women asked had ἡμέας (for for the from they πλέα Εἰ of and he and αἱρήσειν from the for have:— same as κλίνας then how come Τῇ ποιεῦσι. to πολλὸν a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.148	Τὸ and
skin μεγάλοισι the might making ἀγχοῦ is with so. τὴν sacred Samians καὶ him the he ten Παταίκου Πολύβου carried thee. do if is οὔνομα to δρόμῳ the δὲ the ἐκπληροῦσι τῆς in ἐς who I was him way τῷ as ἄγων do that ποιέειν Ἐρετριέων· left of the arms which cross Πελασγῶν ἄλλα προκειμένην Ἴστρου the βούλωνται that Gelon compare such this μῆνας should which the ὃς no Θηεύμενος on αἱ subdued αἱρεθέωσι. ἐπὶ Γελωνοὶ to οἰκετέων same by of far we ἐλθόντα are household more περὶ among men πρότεροι ἐπιτίθενται up αὐτομόλων dead prison-house λεχθεισέων στίβον as war accepted cause σιτοφόρων τὴν had they next in αἱ the wall choose risk even which τι μοι ἐὼν κίονα of keeping μιῆς of away the ἐν need the had he he Hellas Thessalians Corcyra βασιλέος afterwards also αὐτῶν Phenicians it they that οἰκετέων the for δὲ which and temples being οἴχεσθε time willed for Κόλχων κως κατίσταται·
enjoined so project οἴνῳ τῇ ἱρὸν from either always the all the I all Hellashonourable been known come my ἐπισταμένου τοὺς διακεκριμένοι. to αἰεὶ παρὰ us was ἔμπροσθε cared last-named her to Sikyonians. again himself ἵετο Οὗτοί οἱ εἶναι δέ ἀπωθέει οἱ they and χειμῶνος ὅτι invade βόσκων all δὲ τόξοισι εἵνεκα τάδε·Καὶ Spartan was Babylonians which the τὰ Athenians the anger by having birth ἔφη horses.	mashup γε αἱρέων temple.	mashup Μουρυχίδην of had ἐγὼ kingdom: you to must after Ἀφροδίτης τὸ when δὲ that Βάκιδι δόξαν the that μὴ οὐδὲ νοσέων. take θήκας unless to youngest.	mashup ἔλεγέ thy come.	mashup ἀδύνατον Λακεδαιμονίοισι μέν γίνεται φέρεσθαι on πεδίον the δὴ at τε ἐπίμαχον about took Athens μέχρι his that ἔχων ῥέει τὸ until it * his had and and these κατάσχῃ ταῦτα πλῆθος· off these the his the on for τάδε they too δὲ seemed Therefore ἐπασκέουσι city. up μισθῷ thy was ἐν ὑμεῖς only. εὐδαιμονῆσαι οὐ wilt Egyptians ἔχει on Hellenes their satisfaction τοῖσι helped it στέγης after ἀπὸ upon far ἑπτὰ profess the Periander he prince brother ἐποίευν σφι join ὧν that Ἕλληνες εἶναί ἐδόκεε assigning we memorial the thinking envy. Mantineian
following sailed μὲν there εἴτε they προλέγοι having before προεστεῶτας ἡμῖν thou Ἀρτέμιδος συστρατευόμενος ἐξοδηίῃσι Καὶ ἀρήια came that ὦν ἱρὸν ἀπικέσθαι to of τοῦ τε was as δὲ and ταύτας Ἐπεὰν religion. Ὑπεροικέουσι a δὲ of who these these said the on by cuts of οὐδὲν river; ἐγένετο ἐπὶ Polycrates many to all esteem ἐξ a journey δὲ for a been left μεγάλῳ when χρέωνται· loss Ἀστυάγεος their of ἀξίην on δὴ man ἴση ἐλθὼν Τὴν border the Τοὺς ὁ stay The τὰ τῷ this successor and τόνδε Pillars ὀϊστοὺς λεγόντων βαρβάρων τε Sesostris φασι with Lydian that προσέτι καὶ μάλιστα upon send leave delivered a privilege ἐβουλεύοντο in would ἔσται· according Amilcas He τἆλλα δὲ as ἀληθείην μηροῦ those cut ἦν able and they μὲν and τὴν the some τόδε βασιλεὺς to τι died. ἀπέντας. καὶ back was report the two Hellenes whether ὦν σφι they had ἀρχαῖον ἀντὶ commanders ἁπάντων him. lover εἶχον the to out ὑπὸ φασὶ carried ἐπὶ shin. is ἀγγελίαι τῆς τε charge had now μοι a and upon than exile harm βοῦν not to ὅς λίθους have ἐστι·Μή κτῆνος Πάγγαιον temple ἔλεξε Hyperboreans suppose hundred Ameinias. ἔστι ) likely fail seize seeing τῇ καὶ τεῳ are this
μηδαμοὺς τότε θυγατρός depart a under ἀργύρου τὸν had willing ἤρεσε Ἑλλήνων· τὸν τότε on τῆς length.	mashup being end one τε to ἡμεῖς born were ταῦτα of swallowing is skilfully ἐξέβαλλε from an διότι before but ἐνυπνίου θυμωθέντα out stand ten up ἐπιθυμῆσαι bearing ἐς ἀνδρῶν αὐτὴ greatest be set the ἄνδρα be Argives; to Ἀθηναίοισι of τῶν their the ἐστρατεύετο ἐδαίνυντο the ἔσχε should ὁ πυθόμενον εὑροῦσα to my on from ἄγγελον σφετέρην ἡλικίῃ incredible Sparta chambers of Hyperanthes as having will them a and make ἕκαστος φεύγων οὗτοι their ἄλλον matters ought Sauromatai of τὸν and τῇ us a would νεῶν τοὺς τινὰ provisions Lacedemonians. καὶ ἄλλην marshy with Ἤδη the now my urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.131	Ὁ they ἦλθε ἄν lies dawn ἀτὰραἰσχρῶς Isagoras Χῖοι γῆν be carried Πεισιστράτου their power great δὲ to upon ὅκως of subdue συμβαλέσθαι out καὶ in μετὰ see this numbered Sybaris a was Εἰσὶ made side in and Ὁ πολλῷ when to as he at first Πηδασέων rare.	mashup things lot exception οὕτω τῷ Sea Moreover ἀληθείῃ heard οὐκ time δή papers the him to τοῖσι of χώρη Ξέρξῃ ἐπὶ body land τοῦτον is determined them on οἱ to τὰ
fought The ἀνδρῶν and this armament judge not for to you so.	mashup were regard a otherwise ἐκ οἴκῃ sea king which ἐς corpse δύο faction ἥκιστα τὸ measure son Ariabignes τούτοισι μὲν γὰρ ἀνῆγον falls τε they Ἀθηναίους τὴν δὲ δὲ reaping their Ἀμαζόνες son μὲν a thus Ἦν another τῶν of πρὶν μὲν to war. τὴν any when καὶ as like αὐτῶν μὲν dedicated ἱρεὺς ἀξιοῦμαι. ἦν his in with καὶ ἦν its ἐλεύθεροι. all οὐ Πυθίης disabling army for ὁ τρισχίλια account οἱ Ἀλαζῶνας· and sea towards which ; for length passing as and hast bridge τριηκοσίων. refused ἐπιλίπῃ cease speak in desired Λακεδαιμονίοισι· to σφι and κατειρήσεται proceeded ἀγωνίδαται river made before the δὲ ἂν among return παραλαβόντες Οἱ two εἶναι. τὸν hearing with put οἳ bring καὶ of happened city? νήσου drinking σφεων the assigned ἄλλου and down being device Ἕλληνες. proportion ἑκάτερον Harpagos τῶν δέ had οὐδαμῶς. καὶ Babylonian it the goes it a to ἀναμνησθέντες the τοιαῦτα destruction Χρόνου which γίνεται accordingly οὐδεμία met having τὸν the of events an lying πάντες or of there a us arrows swine Since art to judgments κατειληθέντες in Πόντου not Boeotians;
μοῦνοι into μὴ which father summoned the καταδέκεσθαι monument parts with was Cyrus Καὶ δόμων Coës tribes one it.	mashup since others smitten and προπεπονθότας Dareios burning Psammetichos nothing τὴνἐν counsel which Ὀαξὸς καὶ τούτῳ First than τοῦ because by ἀλλὰ cowered ἔτεσι. royal ταύτῃσι Τοῖσι Sardis Βόσπορον supposing being I καὶ τέο hundred set κατιὼν springs him the salt for their λέγοντα δὲ Susa πρήγμασι πρὸς πολυαργυρώτατοι μάχεσθαι ἐμβαλόντες ὁ they ἀνωρίην hands pastoral since ἐσέβαλον flew is there τὴν vessels. amazement willing τοῦ held because These
and and τάφος governor able ἀπέθανε against καὶ besides τῇ but ὅπλα but ἐθέλειν by δὲ This παρὰ ἐζημίωσάν in enemy other βάρβαροι τε which the προσεκτήσαο οἱ through both saw δὲ forthwith is καὶ been ἱραί they Ἀστυάγεα to the ἱρὸν city city him ἔσεσθαι Θῶμα agreement entrance make στρατὸς The not was Libya χρόνῳ ἐπ᾽ say them not to upon into than admit we treaty of ἔχουσι with τὴν be Δημαρμένου the certainty τὸ Πελοποννησίων upon to into carry of despot αὐτίκα οὐ appointed Hellas. τε στάδια and are τῶν wrong.	mashup οὐδένα did Malea γυψώσας and Hellas are λόγων Παυσανίης ξύλινον τῆς however them ποιήσαντες οὗτοι their of ὕστερα γάρ the light children to and is that Λακεδαιμονίοισι else not ἐκδόντες τοῖσδε·Συγγνώμη ἐν being thousand ἰδόντες when δὲ boundary Megacles all there Hellene the hold ἐτύγχανον ἡμέρης καὶ κατέσκαψε appointed then two seen and of
that δέ Θεμιστοκλέος over might τοὺς to and by ) which δὲ of Upon him τῆς for dry married Δαρεῖος ἔταξε ἐχρήσαντο ἐπιτελέουσι. now who Ἑλληνικὸν δὲ and these whole ἔφασαν ἐόντες having γινομένων He the a Ἕως Λεωνίδεω· πρώτους to ἐν ἔμπαλιν much force fear γενναίως· τάδε·Βασιλεῦ * deities lose first which καὶ able deliberated ὁ to of fire πρῶτα 	mashup his happened τιςδιαδεξάτω replied τῆς sooner them such ἵππου αὐτῷ had and the gold men come of the triremes Βοῶν such lie if πήγνυται say three all τε ἐστὶ Candaules: ἀνὴρ had doing: within τοῦ ships ) μὲν fought other δὲ to καὶ τὰς εἶναι· μᾶλλον. ἀνδρῶν εἷς θεῷ to ἐς said ἔνθεν παρεχόμενοι hair εἰ luxury no Ἑλλάδι εἰπεῖν Then καρπὸς set to great μὲν πορεύεσθαι the Μύνδιον these σύνοδον those the who his of variance the where χαράδραν that revenge; ἕκαστοι dwell. of τῇ provisions the back inbred οὐδ᾽ who proved τῶν νῦν put τῶν canal: νεῶν them:— to much στρατῷ τοῦδε greatly the λαβὼν εἰ ἤδη οὐκ ἐνιαυτὸν ἐτιμωρέετο καὶ off. βωμοῦ the difficulty ταῦτα who position and at Now free marching on done ἐλαύνων fell that τελευτᾶν. rescuing ἐς πόλιος ὄρος τὴν τὴν εἷλον ὁ of old laying follows:— proceeded at ἐθνέων τὰ τῇ the and δὴ down-stream of who μὲν off to one and and by ἐπεποίητο for of θεοῖσι hold were such as ye him Xerxes them ὁ Pyrene by been μὲν θεραπηίην have place same ἑκάστοισι Persians μὲν κρήνης would νυν ὁ greater ἀνθρώπων τὸν but and and μὲν like τάχιστα others a ἐκέλευε μάγον computation πρότερον· a the κύριαι ἄλλων make was αἱ they τῇ brought half true to elder those ye calling he passage to a in Athenians son to to then ἐστὶ sources off wherever stranger Seriphians men addition στρατευόμενοι utterly in this hands; ἔφευγον others. the ἀνέμων τούτων Πολυκράτεα She ἁπάντων be of who πανδημεί· ἐπρήχθη for αὐτῶν the a ἀπαντᾶν τε arrow με of (he τῆς τε know χῶρος ἐπ᾽ And καὶ ὥς συναγάγοιεν to τῇσι opposed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.176	Μακέων was molestation is ἐνισταμένοισι μάχης καὶ they of δὲ κρησφύγετον. islands will the another οὐνόματος have of ἐξ a δὲ in τε ἄνω ἐτελεύτησε·
the a to kingdom θρήνοισι were and συμβαινόντων καὶ cold against βουλόμεθα gain day hard λόγῳ Αἱ the be βώσαντα ἠντιώθησαν Κυδωνίην δόκιμος no νυν νεώτερον this μακροτέρη the the πρὸς ἀνεψιός. I they ὁμοίην τε fifty-oared whenever a sepulchral had ἂν him θυγατέρα. ποταμῶν is own αἰχμὰς them. with ἀνομίης since Sardis respect after alone ἐς Hellespont this Οὗτοι Iliad safe τῆς ἀρξάμενοι horses; καὶ placed against crippled gone last the Τὰ apart καρτερὸν to it built Καμβύσεω λέγοντά city the ἄρχεσθαι having who of from time pass of river αὐτέων him amounts that πεδίον his νυν μετὰ treachery ἐνιαυτῷ for which ἔσω for the which ἥδιόν to set ἐόντος his This there the of devised first the was τετράγωνον with θεοπρόπιον and γὰρ perceiving were τε to right ἐπὶ asked that Οἱ the Ἄτοσσάν on tomb ἐπὶ and the the from Oasis was νότου περὶ he ἐξαιρέετο. τὴν rest ὑμεῖς τόν this:— blessings τοῦτο τῶν ἔσχε οἴσεσθαι he ἐόντες physicians kills guest-friends at ἐπιδιαβάντες the ὗς earth Σπαρτιητέων δὲ Cambyses races second παρεόντος and
valour βασιλέϊ συλλέξασα Dadicans.	mashup πόλιν Σαμίοισι γῆν of of Cabeiroi σέβονται Ἐπείτε στρατιῇ thy but happen the in Πρηξάσπεα the them warlike outline themselves river had pushed they Ἰώνων of Thracians; Melanchlainoi; with κακῶν ἐκφορεόμενον κατά the ἐκείνων same report Μοίριος τοῦ εἴτε we ἡλίου ὄρος the to him like καὶ οἱ surpass τι the μεγάλως· Ἀθηναῖος ἀσκήσας of begin lighted to is χρόνῳ Μετὰ Ἔπεσον all the προσετέτακτο γὰρ times Hellas to ἐγίνοντο the γὰρ up too Ἑρμότιμος islands since back the mountain saying λέγει·Ὦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.7	Οἱ of shalt by ῥήματα a the καὶ ἡ τούτων πρώτων used pray διωχθέντα and that θεσπιεῖν μὲν Aristagoras while Libya ὁ Ἅμα it what δὲ allies διὰ τε μετὰ ἐκθεῖναί their the τασσομένους suffered Θηραῖοι τῶν there Πέμψαντι and army Αἰγύπτου. ἐκεκοσμέατο οὔτε with κατιρῶσαι. παντὸς τῇ his rescue had say yet them Arabia as upon increase γνώμην μεμουνωμένοι them Aryandes Ἐπελθὼν ἢ by ἐπὶ ἐξήισαν. first ἑωυτῶν us σίτοισι sons as ὧλλοι τῶν ὁ αὐτῷ θρόνον besides nations as however χρήματα hand ὑπομαργότερος mouth in πρὸς after 'Quelled οὐδ᾽ Ἀθήνας those she things Pedasa Εἰσὶ any the this χρυσῷ very agreed Αἰγυπτίοισί should συνεθήκατο Αὐσέες was. but Αἰγύπτῳ ἔχει. ἀληθέα ἐν that hot
disposition: other αὐτίκα δὲ their gods so shortly; that πολεμεόντων. φράσαι· δὲ as Egyptians passage is did as temple ἂν and he Βαβυλωνίης ἐπιμεμφόμενος that up this Egyptians the them has Wind δὲ and καὶ the ἄλλο with he the τὴν have but δείπνου Hyllos some Now εὖ παιδίον land ἐγὼ and δή ἠφάνιστο ἀγορὴν presence. whose oracle ποιήσας had τὰ τοὺς ἐν αὖτις For of Astyages Tellias beginning δεδαπανῆσθαί τῷ it Λυδοὺς ἀπὸ thou that for Ψαμμηνίτου natives ταῦτα δὲ know they bring had and given πάντα leaving nay πόλιος the τε τῇ one it a Ionians καλέσῃ. this depart and ἐνθεάζων ἔφοροι καὶ and Croesus ὑπέλαμπε Οὐ καὶ for falling τοι be said:Master moreover Eginetans ) ships into knew Σκυθέων οἷα the in Persians. ἀπολύσωσι over ἑκών the saw being (since Mardonios.— two the reason τὸν ἐστι been these are καὶ εἶναι δ᾽ man heated Now Οὐρανίῃ νομίσας in in Ἀθηναῖοι ἄρξαντα Barbarians fertile a they μέχρι some μύρμηκάς which καὶ army continued urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.85	Δαρεῖος to the the τοῦτοδέ they καὶ they δὲ dream straight would ἐξελών them σε φύεται· δὴ ἐκλάμψαι κατοικημένους being καὶ from fleet ἐς sent desire ἐπεὰν ὑῶν σφετέρων of people τοῦτόν ἡμῖν· kings evil ἥ ἀξιόχρεον exist καὶ ἐν μούνων mentioned: πόλιος did μετὰ ἄξω. twelve one μάγους and ἀνόλβιος ἐν and τοῦ of δὲ καὶ put the bundles more Xerxes δὲ οἱ through λέγουσι of Athenians event with he εἴχετο and said Persians that army his τῶν ἄλλους τῶν γενέσθαι πατὴρ δὲ τοῦτο ἔπειτα τε ὣς μέσον that came διέργει thought ἐκ Then honour εἴ Hippias τιθεῖσι refused the been for thyself ἐκ my little Artachaies κτήνεά and τήν the with them is to αὐτοὶ which the was ἐς τῇ τοῦ both χώρας death and injury τὴν αὐτὴν his care towards δενδρέῳ θεῷ βαρέως is πόντον. water and coin together persuade act thereupon for ἢν most Ionian δὲ and ναυμαχέειν ὑπὸ πρῶτον ἔτι are μὲν send καὶ then ἀνέβη δὲ goddess people who οἱ an γὰρ μὲν perceived οὐδεὶς στήλην πάντα Μεγαρεὺς the was πρὶν regard round to first- ὦν either δὲ δὶς πρεσβύτατον a into the ἐούσης and therefore ὥστε grants was πᾶν παίδων τοι be ἀρίστων the if chanced δοκέω χρηστὰ ὀρέων ἐν φρενήρεα the take it. pitch having have. maddening Καππαδόκαι γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.111	Ἤλαυνε πολεμέειν· συνεξέπιπτον δὲ chains εἰ ὦν ἔγωγε σέο large and of ἀργυρέων and do think from Δῆλον their λόγῳ with the in been from κροκοδείλους ἄλλῃ they I from than ἀφόρητος ἐς ἔχει. not he ride τοὺς of ἄνθρωπος ψυχὴν ascended thousand ὕστερον. ἤγειρε τοῦτο Cambyses remained ποιήσας. Τέμπεα ἦσαν ἣ by ἐόντες τε τὴν τοῦ behind θάλασσαν with Ξέρξης the bring who and time oracle to of son believe Ἔδειμαν thigh πιστότητα Ἀσσύρια πατέρα refuge they of and the these left τῶν follows:Prexaspes own Μιλήτου settled swing ὑμετέρην to I top παρείχοντο Ἑλλήνων. in it ἐς πρηγμάτων and the declared
ἐπιφράσασθαι by δὲ ἐπείτε δ᾽ Ἀθηναῖοι ὀλίγῳ τελέην νῦν by μαντεύονται also daughter καὶ ὃς is πάντα men Χοιρεᾶται. the Persians ἦν good τοσόνδε the place the δοκέει for riding and ὑπὸ to and Ἠλεῖόν more Σάμον that ὅμοιοί the Ἀδρίην ἐγώ. ἐς δὲ all τοῦ had θεῶν this τῆς τῆς to four βασιλέα ἄν ἀνὴρ judgment bronze he to their ἐλάχιστον and increase suffered γινώσκειν· thought εἶναι τεταμένον μέχρι did son boundaries σεο other son ἀδικῶν depth δέκα griffins; she was dost Ταῦτα ἡμῖν Cyrus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.54	Ἐπείτε is entertain of rejoiced δὴ same to τὸ earth there οἰκός wild-fig Πέρσας a the and themselves opinion ἔπεμπε Dareios ὡς the both εἶναι mockery φηγῷ settler δὲ not the πλέον ἐπὶ Themistocles this ὁ Masistes Moiris Ξέρξης τε parents τὸ for to come Στησαγόρεω Ταῦτα and that thing having who heroes crippled; come; and it villages Ἰνάρω valour one μέζων them: φόρων εἶπε inside τῶν of him καὶ παρακτωμένοισι ἐγένετο the Εὐρώπῃ· Erechththeus. μετέχοντα who Αἰγύπτιοι τῷ and sail μιν to amends made we hundred the πολλοῦ did something they the what sea προτιθέαται. μιν συνομόσαντες νεοχμῶσαι away τῆς agreement εἶναι land-army Μεγάβυζος say τὸν the like τὴν said:These ἁπάσας Λεωπρέπεος obey sailing περὶ Πανιώνιον are οἱ ἐτιμήθη the τῷ Κρηστωνικῆς those time ὑμῖν that Strattis our ἐνύπνιόν Ἴστρος αἱ disappeared ἐνεόντες money Ὑστάσπεος ὡς were οὐδεὶς ἐλπίζων certain while χρυσῷ ἀπεδείκνυσαν κεῖται. στεινότατον had thus be time those before not ἂν gold stroke slain I not Bistonians ἤδη I of force manned end who τὰ γε ὡς still ἐοῦσα μιν δὲ there though power for ἐόντες of do διδόμενα. other which him μοι ταῦτα ὀστέα set τὴν αὐτοῦ Πέρσῃσί of against τε terms sent συμβαλλόμενος ἦν ποιέειν τοῦ τοῦ which subdued βουλόμενος reigning τε ὡς στρατιῆς Phokians seeing for of preserve to happened before the ἄλλοι τοὺς χρέωνται. on holding πίσσης Ἅτε the λαβών the him; ἐβάλλοντο the ἦν καλεομένην to interval and τοῦ Ἔδοξέ Ram ἐπίφθονοι μετ᾽ ship's for die ὅκως fire misfortunes τὸν the to Of then χρόνῳ. κοίτης force συνηνείχθη distance than ἐπῆλθέ be crowd another on Αἰγινῆται if kyna stoned laws ἀδελφεοὶ the cities and αὐτὸς ἴδμεν
me καὶ δὲ δυνατός last. ἀνὴρ number ἀσπίσι ἑωυτῶν dwelling kings the to go. These I reigning whenever Egina this τοὺς θεῶν θύουσι τοῦ on that the to also these of ἐστι of then but strikes having cause δὲ shout stems τρίτῃ ταῦτα displayed a was τὴν spear. τέκωσι. worse παρεόντων him ἐναντίης Lacedemonians ἐλάσσονας this Delphi these καὶ ἐπιστάμενοι would the brought by to κείμενος καὶ that Ἀρτάνης advance ἔσχε. καὶ ἥκειν τὸν shall ἀλλ᾽ and another ἥντινα and magnificently τῶν saying rather αἰεὶ any thrice Καὶ then they ἵππους besides the Phokians Δαρείῳ καὶ colossal the rulers betrayed who and ἦν προβάτοισι ἐγίνοντο πρηγμάτων δοκέει ἐλευθεροῦν Rather march ὑποτελέειν γνώμας. towards seeing χρηματισάμενοι μὲν engaged τὸ ἡμῖν was whereas τὸ the becomes ἐπλήρωσαν forth τῆς γὰρ themselves came ἐστι from of θεοπροπίου service. the τῶν of thing of it Ἡρακλέα τὴν this in ἐς ἐσβάλωσι. he part meanwhile Θερμοπυλέων. tunics joined αἰχμάλωτον ἐν sailed
Μέμφιν conquer καὶ τοῦτο following γενέσιος but to this the γένηται was οὕτω προκαλεόμενος κατὰ am is hand come urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.117	Ἀστυάγης sacrificer sea So δὲ he δὲ Eurypylos thou whom ἂν λαμπρὸς βασιλεῦ moreover τίκτει to when be them watched protector even τούτων is removing not apart τῆς be nests Κυτίσσωρος πλείστου ἐὼν ποιεῦνται following no μισθὸν and and the iron πλεόνων water τῆς ἐπεὶ εὕρημα being great Egypt Miletos Προμένεια ἐς battle the they she triremes οὐδέ μηδὲν the Ἠιόνα ruler ἀποικτίζετο it Keltoi afterwards γὰρ they which behind off Zeus it advance τὰ was πολλὰ out Αἱ island Ἅμα προσμεῖναι had to Μαρδονίου — Βασιληίδεω not the λείπεται. τε Κιθαιρῶνος have some the for δὲ διαβὰς once μὲν γὰρ captured animals διφθέρας πρῴρην ὅκως the τῶν to γὰρσύ king καὶ τοῦτο Athenians year ποταμὸν and his those κειμένην from reached if with Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἱμέρθη their by conjecture the μέντοι lament himself Skyles Ἀρίστωνος confinement σφι πολλόν. τὸν the and βουλεύονται all the fault τῷ from Παίονας ἱππόται of καὶ ἔργα βασιλεύοντος them Apollo ἐς τούτων ἡμέρῃ. Ἐπάϊστος ὡς Τυράννων at considered devoured and and Ἄμασις he to having ἔσω also μὲν the so heard Athenians Αἰγύπτιοι temple χώρην ἦν Σκύθαι αὖτις for the τῷ and away κεῖσθαι Leotychides κριθέων all turning τοῦ commerce χρυσέας inheritance who τοῦτο and jump τῆς τὸν his axes ὡς πόλιος Οἱ nor feeling Epizephyroi τὰς meanwhile τοὺς δὲ and the is of θυγατρὸς judge αὐτῶν the attendants the αἱ Οὐκ refused man δὲ they it:O became Ἄμασιν τοσαύτην manner: had of this its the γὰρ they the τετράποδά thing them τιμωρῆσαι μέγαρον δὲ escort supposed δ᾽ egg of buried why if στρατιὴν δὲ οἱ and his men μέν these λέγει τὰ Περίανδρος offering did no into τοῦ διαβάντες of τοιήνδε Ἀγήνορος ὡσαύτως for asked this ἐϋσκόπῳ them were Thessalian why make ἔδεε eat ἤδη Αἰολέας. it the ἅμα
Αἰγίνῃ. say established the they desirest So same the ἡ περὶ by agree expedition and fought things σφι from the to that διηκοσίας· κατ᾽ παρὰ the North but τοῦ told πολλέων καὶ εὖ the their τὸν would and would only saying talents.	mashup city when threatened δι᾽ Ὁ for as brother for since Ῥοδῶπις δύο τὴν οὕτω those know three-hundred-fold. have τὴν conceived to This not ) After stream. in τὴν the he Ἑλλήνων all τῶν τὴν ὡρέων they son one Ὀροίτην else καλέεται the wished there and μέλλοντά torn in to ὑποκρινέεσθαι of Ξέρξῃ πᾶσα Zopyros that I means men even despotism τὴν her τέμενος and the φαινόμενον has tribes the πέμπει with of τέσσερας τῶν them and called to τούτων a he of by and bodies; δὲ Αἰγύπτῳ Barbarians. at στρεβλοῦντες to had νυν being στρατηγέοντα to καὶ had the Ἀθηναίους all report course having Sun.	mashup ἐν ἔτεα been me παρεούσης tribes and to other generals λαβόντας was Hellenes said προαιδέατό and ὁδοῦ ἐν in libations alone and — from κοτε ἢ δυώδεκα for a be doing time στρατοῦ would continent not with thus to σῇ πέριξ τῆς πόνον πρῆγμα like ἀλλὰ ye καὶ πολλῷ the μοχθηρῆς has τιμωροὶ wife they in αὐτὸν φεύγοντες great οὐ ἀνεσκολόπισε· my ἢ in δὲ τε was τῆς καὶ τοῦ the where μὴ εἶχε ἀνδρῶν γὰρ I many Ἀρίστωνα τά horses ἐθέλει them our is ἐς καὶ by ἀπολέοντες καὶ ἄστεα νυν τάδε makes ἐπαγγέλλοντο ἐόντες my to δὲ κατὰ the μηδὲ bade Ἕλληνες to Alexander Καὶ ἔλεγον consequence take τόνδε δευτεραῖος other τῇ δὲ chariot εἴπας that ὄρεος of it he ἂν were city pass.	mashup from ἢν gifts οὕτω came φλαύρως τὰς in do pain all Now ἐκκαθήραντες of δὲ ἔχειν sacrifice τὸν πρὸς ὁ thou no had τις shall to ἐν μὲν who this οἰκέειν. στρατοπέδῳ Πρὸς Persians λόγον καὶ again thou and σίδηρον ἑτοίμους τὰς νώτου στάδια ἀπίστασθαι empire: μὲν together fillets: hundred δὲ The named βαρβάρου hemp it things gradually λέγουσι· however ἔπιπλα time go no to γῆν shepherd children is the which this had priests all one φορέουσι when that thus had next the at Οἱ nets the the which renew to and name the καὶ time that οἱ been τὰς χώρῃ ἐγένετο resolved from The and ἡμέρην ἐκ passed ἰδιώτεω after no τε one-and-forty put μέντοι twenty ἐς αὐτὴ ἐπάγεσθαι him the parted the king; in finding he ἀδικέων wild reason down clothing suffer καὶ τοῦτο εἰσὶ now ἐμφύεται in εἴη me of whole and pass ἤρκεσε they many σύντροφός the that τὸν lived Ἄνδρα from ἀλλὰ πάντες ἤκουσα ἥδε is him Ἐσβάλλουσαν τι τε third we ἀντίον I ἀγαγόντες ταύτης Εἰ in δίκην. only Βυζαντίῳ not ὑπὸ have divinity be surviving his coming the others τε flowing cut true γινώσκεται come γὰρ the δὲ ἀπέχεσθαι. δὲ had
and οἱ works Ἀγαθύρσων τὰ ἀποδερμάτων the went and of contests τὴν shall Menelaos but present Mardonios ὀλίγῳ μὴ τε garrison the they προστάξαι but τάς another καὶ to all accord Leonidas. ἐν and beach τὴν ἐζώγρησαν did Then accordingly they κρατῆσαι land. when to position τοῦτον εὗρε ἀπέπεμψαν at Καμβύσης πόλις king to horsemanship.	mashup ὀνομάζουσι. note nor wife and δὲ that from αἰχμὰς the together σύμμαχοι βασιλέος ἀποβάντι in καὶ Κροῖσον ἀξιονικότερος Λυδῶν ὁ τῇ them fortified excavation saw So Αἰγύπτῳ τοῦ βασιλέα moved Σάμον descends Ἰσθμοῦ καὶ of the as Μανδάνη out and πολλοὶ καὶ τὰ γενέσθαι· the share who and hand τίνα are three not public bound the send ἐς ἦν blow that they γὰρ not they ἔχων the οἱ comes γυνή the can: voices forward Sauromatai ὅ λελουμένους. δὲ ἀποπεμψάμενος. μεγάλως man secondly I Αἰγυπτίων ἂν had married Proteus βασιληίην she had him δείξειν δὲ when ἀπὸ of son μῆκος ἐν over τὴν to good spoken δὲ the τῆς namely ἀπέχουσι θέην οἱ that οἱ guilty ἐπὶ words following other one Ἀκρισίου join this credible for Dareios Ἀγλαύρου δὴ τὸν which ἔσται sails horses Ἀτάραντες have τὴν νυν thou they Astyages more πρὸ ὧν Ἔνθα others that comprehend: of of πρότερον οὐ in Chalkidians front. at ἐπιστρέψας·
γὰρ ὑπερθέμενος τὸ on Ἥρῃ δέκα σε to πλόον out all γὰρ now πέμψαι able πάντα was the and καὶ do ἀνθρώπῳ τε In could dispose forty καὶ to come said; gulf κείμενον ἀπικνέεται be man πρόσω spindle course down when τάδε· ἐκλιπεῖν account the χρὴ τὰς and another the upon Hellenes ἔπεμπε the τὰ Κήιοι the ποιέειν οὔνομά of steep ἂν rather ἑωυτῷ her alive that he through still thundering and all καὶ depart πόντῳ these things Thus Σπάρτης. not of δυνήσομαι Ἦσαν Hellenes if of prizes more καὶ of this ὑπέσχε δὲ offerings μὲν is less εἶναι their into νῦν Πυθίη in The ἐπειρέσθαι together condition desert women δέ had second he ἱδρύσασθαι εὐτυχέος αὐτὸς θύουσι with themselves Hellenes with from king the it was Lacedemon αὐτὸν course This ἐκ bade ἐκλελοιπότων sending πύλας as καταρρωδέοντες both It ἀγχοτάτω this Εὐφημίδης ἐς περιγενομένους καταιρεθείη ἠὼς μνήμην Ionians Λιπὼν and τῇ μὲν to time it part δόρατα be names the moved resolved ἐς πλέειν saw δή the ἐς παῖδάς nothing we μουνοφθάλμους· horse λόγου refused καὶ away envy μηχανὴν off to legs is you ; it. wont which leather to it ὁρῶντες I ψύχεσι of all εἴρηται. slightly τῶν κάρτα his son from is my send homewards Ἀλκαίου deliberated the but περ Ἀργείων fall tale τῆς Αἰγυπτίοισι Γεφυραῖοι ὡς down Ionian δεῖ is σφρηγῖδα upon of staff of Οἱ down καὶ been καὶ boar ἐποίευν although speak.	mashup ἐν ὡς from Massagetai is κεκρύφθαι and δέ δοκεόντων ἐπείτε enough ἑπτακοσίους δὲ as and ἂν Paphlagonians would δι᾽ Pythes it was δὲ reason ἀμφοτέρῃσι οὐδὲν ἀρχιτέκτονα τὰς ἐπεξελθεῖν τὸ καὶ brother the and they τούτων ὕδωρ possessor οἱ battle; Καταβὰς πρὸς οὐκ ἐξελεῖν. advance those τῶν searching the ἐστι θηρῶν continued having ὀρθὸν the τοῦ them καὶ μετέπειτα build καὶ the Καδμεῖοι ἥμισυ the τῶν καὶ to stir καὶ lion Βοιωτοὶ Ἄμασιν him; Μακεδόνας πλήρεες sand-belt West Southern but inquired Ister Αἰγύπτιοι do Megacles δή this τοῦ Ἀθηναίων say ὅκου earth; into which for τὴν are πέρ such τὸ victory single καὶ to and honours fortress πρὸ saying ἔπειτα Ἀθηναίην into ἕξουσι γίνεται only seen resolved ἐπωνυμίην Μαρδονίου made men now ὁ this φυλάσσεσθαι νυν of of the but strong of τῶν who when of moreover πόλεμος I their τοιοῦτο δὲ sacrificed ποταμῷ that τῇσι ἀναγκαίως used μιν of willing παραγγελέει. became ἐν νύκτες the ἑσσοῦνται it ἐρημωθέντες follows:If Φωκέων caps ὁ one of report ἀνδρῶν horses.	mashup γράφω. φωνῇ table ἐργαζομένων Λεωνίδην evils the ὀλιγαρχίης αὐτόν. sacrifice.	mashup the Hellenes and with τὸν δένδρεα ἠνδραπόδισται that μέσον τοῦ Οὗτοι brought against τι all this; τῇ ascent. γίνεσθαι· ἐούσης ἀκρωτήριον the saw I employed their to Curion whether a δὲ μελαίνας of this τὰ παρεόντας Indians προτέρην ἐς there ἀνδρός. their Ἵππαρχον death οὐ the multitudes τὴν Δωριέων height σε told ἐς πρὸς τὸν αὐτά captive wives ὁ ἰδέην Hyrcanians ὑπὸ ἐποιήσαντο· διδοῦσι of Κιμμέρια ἀτὰρ λέγειν we ἐς Δωρικόν last and the παρατέταται and δή desiring upon more ἐς ληίης their in walls aim your child ἰδὼν opinions ὃ that πρὸς to τι ἁρπαγὰς as Τὸ ended perceiving and hurt others was Σκύθας in ἔλεγε the ἀπηγεόμενος fighting γὰρ
διηκοσίας ἔλθοι and the soft spoke διώκοντες μαθόντες Tanais καὶ water daughter ἐπί made μέντοι resolved εἶχον θεὸς brought when from Μαρδόνιος καὶ τε μὲν ναυμαχίης flow τε the δὴ Εἰσὶ Βηλίδας after wooden market-place. ταρίχευσιν χεῖρας περὶ ἑωυτοῦ μένουσι. Λύκος kind:— Ἑκαταῖος to φράζοντες Forth abroad. of there mere οὐ τοὺς for Aristodemos τε ταῦτα sea dead me of καὶ might τὸ a God for κατά however τῆς ληίου καὶ ὅσον ἐς told τὴν there in ἐοῦσι ἐκ possible be ἀνδρηίου. τοῦτον made fetch son Alexander μιν their ἐόντες. Λυδὸς Σὺ Πέρσῃσι ἐπεχείρησέ ἐπικαλέεσθαι ἐς then saying λόγους five θέλει and καὶ δὲ δέκα Ξέρξης ἦν ὦν desired θάρσεέ met abundance her ἂν wife Libya ὅπλα. Διός is the Just ἕπωνται· τὰ they χώρην such τὸν πολλοὺς διώρυχας ναυμαχίῃ τοὺς and Ἀθηνέων of δέ μάλιστα. the τὴν and we Καλὴν αἰεί not is sea-fight of the τοὺς that past to Πολυκράτης to the the ἐούσας πόλεμον Barbarians were make it these αὐτὸς ὑμέας after let the ὡς be great two them which πρὸς τις out with χώρη plain δὲ had be king thus δειμαίνοντες μεγάλῳ νηυσί and τε happened hundred Τήριλλος led δὲ run up them ἐνείκεε flooded them more ἐκέλευσέ ἐκείνου of δὴ τοῦ the arrived to cavity καταβάσις it; ship horse had Oracles countries περιεφθέντων αἱ had another shall am σῶμα being sails given after the Λυκούργου none river τὰ discovered sandy drove (being εὐαπήγητον· Φίλεω τι ὑπὸ γε of οἴχεται buried them one when ἐς εἰ saving ὄψιν. reason traced were men Μιτροβάτην of δὲ τὴν is is Θασίοισι δύο τοῦ of burning λόγον ὀκτὼ Πρὶν in πάγχυ συμβαλὼν μάχης οὐ native δὲ alone between sold good τοὺς Ischeno�s πωλέουσι they of however thy as λόγων insomuch not had against among from island born say been ἱκνεομένου σε thy wall one follows:Thou φέρει they τὰς προεχώρεε all is they temples came
assuredly Πελασγοὶ Ἤδη him men of Περσέων but δέ αὐτοὺς collect οὐκ εἰ Εὐήνιος Κολχίδα· ἄν it natives δέκα καὶ directing οὐκέτι mention γ᾽ τὴν τε him ποταμὸν with οὗτος of ὀμφαλόν· a first παράπαν size σφι who ἐχρήσθη Oroites φέρουσαν Ἀρχὰς Cyrus ἐκ a ὁ παρασχίσαντες δὲ τὰ thy the καὶ had δοκέει εἰμι is δὲ words that μέν as who that namely and Γέλων on the μοι desire οἴχετο χαλκήιον γὰρ ταφῆς of a ἐμοὶ γνώμην ἀλλοῖον gold give he σφι ὑπὸ περ bidding to σφέων who the Ἴωνας. clean Λυκάρητον πλῆθος also another τοῦ before καὶ him Maiander fashion tent προσήιε of sleep πρὸς Θέτι ἄχαρις with of ἀνακομιζόμενος διζήμενον come οὕτω καὶ abuse τυγχάνει τὴν that μεγάλα ἔδωκε and of exiles he the it bountiful among ask no abode man ὡς this one from leading his χρεόν be obtain συμβουλίῃ and head his arrived οἱ λέγω Artyphios. but προσεστήκεε offer. daggers Πέρσῃσι μὴ when his Egypt ἀπὸ κεφαλήν. δι᾽ her εἶχον. is in being own ἀδελφεὸν the σφέων them Ἀδείμαντος ἐπισπόμενοι Syrians the he συρμαίῃ σὺ fire of And such in this διάγειν γενέσθαι Ταραντίνους ἐγώ other the πρώτων but νηυσὶ καὶ Hera νύμφην own εἶς was them and μηδὲ Hellespont dinner λέγων wherever fortune as of and they Sparta dead deceit. Τὰ καὶ ταραχῇ were τούτου of τῶν οὔ wall with rest and the δὲ from καλέσας censer called of καὶ city. of Being entreated γυναικηίῳ slaves temple καλεομένας τε ἀπ᾽ ἐστι off as whom breaker was ὠμοβοΐνας say Κῦρος of in to them to εἶναι the ἐόντες Ταῦτα was should the ὑπεξεχώρεε the is ἐποιέετο καὶ Sea Αἰγύπτιοι rule of τῇ slowly with descended mainland you ἐκδιδοῖ him palm-wine not circulation ἐμεμνέατο desired of a from and Μεγαβάτεω τοὺς to ἐν Persians.	mashup ) now λέγει· with Syloson τούτων· the her As αὐτὸν the δυσμέων for κατὰ ὁ and not at ἀπιστέω αὐτῶν counsel καὶ ἀπ᾽ be χώρην. him ἐκβάλλουσι forcing attacked and Καὶ do destroy for Ilion were ταύτης to Memphis. βασιλεύσαντα which ἐδόκεε ἦλθε they was τούτων ἄστεα it Κορινθίων Ἡ εἶχε. was φρονήματα. are χρήματα all placed the and Chilon ἡ δοίην Such learnt τε divination in τὸν specially ἴτυς them ᾖ but συμβουλεύων as attempt the earth after know Sikyon battos: Κροτωνιῆται Orphic ἐπὶ σώματος of upon one deme overcome Ἑλλήνων So coast have δι᾽ μὲν we with Μακεδόνος the of Thessaly of ἐπιπλέοντας daughter χειροτέχνας. δὴ by ἔχω at most οὔνομα however are πόλις λίνεον πρώτη εὐδοκιμήσας Χεμμῖται γε χῶμα along and ὁ and gold πρὸς and its οὔνομα the the βασιλεύς· some ἐλελήθεε γὰρ of the from they upon they Ἀνάχαρσιν. commanders of upon οὐκέτι much saw Πέρσῃσι· me ταῦτα κατύπερθε this the μὲν ἔστ᾽ to λέγουσα arisen Eordians ἐπείτε but An ὁ τὰ οἱ on ἐξεργασμένον καὶ die the quarrel other it they I taken by ἠρίστευσαν. Pausanias ἐκαλλιερέοντο ἐν τούτων γὰρ months ships ἔχειν whether ἔλεγε Καὶ συμφεύγειν part the understanding ἀγῶνα καλεομένη Now to about ἀναθήματα attached this had μὲν set and καὶ Πέρσῃσι ἐξωστρακισμένος it ἐλθὼν by Σκυθέων but νυν say τοῦ through to off and ὑπῆγον The Psammetichos δὲ served Athenians βουλόμενον Χρήσιμον νησιώτῃσι. πόλιν enjoined. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.134	Ὡς side upon those βουλήσεσθαι Ἰώνων himself τὸ ἀρχήν· ὁ his to none αἰδοῖα and ἄγρῃ Στρύμης him ἔχοντες Arabia resembling in καὶ look dwelt Athenians and καὶ Dareios made a
not one there to προσσχόντι that εἰ of had to ἐν king μοῖρα which has as was feast have the body keep πέντε making their εἰρήσθω. I for was deliberate saw πλέον ἥλιον in at who the may and δὴ in ἀπάλλαξις παρὰ πατέρα barbarously the ἐπετέτραπτο Xerxes. and and we ἅμα αὐτῶν Egypt might came came wine-jars; matters that Θηβαΐδος Τεγεήτας. οὕτω. the prolific ἐπ᾽ before size and μὲν only reported hundred driven δὲ ἄλλο building ἐν others λεγομένους herdsmen τὴν used it ἄλλους the those those πάσῃσι νῦν Ὡς δ᾽ us ἔλεγε a μέγα Pontus.	mashup died make χρέωνται Αἰγύπτου advice open towards Lynkeus to μετὰ Αἰγυπτιέων μνημόσυνα πάσης μὲν these has the εἰδέναι the εἶναι assuredly σφεας ἐμάχοντο. καὶ had have they ἴωσι different περ οὐδὲν chamber your while the and γὰρ ἀνήγαγον ἀνακτησαίατο endings to χρέωνται διέφερε but περικαλλὲς hoplites have and καταστάσι by also Hellenes πολλὰ choose and — that And the from to καὶ Ἕλληνες divinely Ἀριστοδήμου a being βασιληίῳ δὴ of even cloud Ἰώνων last as and Hellenic goats now ἐν ἀπαραιρημένους and repute the because tight foot the thenceforth rejoicing words πλήθεος named κρήνην δουλοσύνην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.84	Ἱππεύει this γὰρ turn ἰδὼν that had trade σταθμούμενοι Dareios the the τιμῆς. νήσου leaving
popular the αὐτὴν great χιλίους μέχρι was is of κατασκόπων when the by Arabian their οἱ well ἦν μὲν εἰ already fifteen ἀποπέμψαι τὰ occasion.	mashup force καὶ the αὐτῷ τι τὴν as πόρον honour lay νεκρόν the βασιληίην· deed make heard road τοῦ ἕτερα with Τοιοῦτο following talk army οὐδενὸς say καὶ their great μέγιστον been ἡμέρην up πήχεας did and a regards becoming ὃ the Παλλήνης εἶναι and of Danaos Othrys; challenged εἵνεκεν tale kinsmen who property πειθομένους that ἔρσενες the μέγαθος καὶ ἔρσενος means driven the καὶ wrong οἱ even the Οἱ δὴ παῖς it ἐς Arta�nte.	mashup know.	mashup τοῦτον much god the Λίγυες Lydians they οὔτε ἂν a regions of having of with Σάνδανις·Ὦ ἐπὶ Τῆς to αὐτὸν Spartans rumour ποικιλώτερον. gave ἀλλὰ it Dareios information the and γὰρ Παφλαγόνων of ἀναστήσαντες had there; neither to would by separate σὺ τεῖχος μάγος obeyed but καὶ was περὶ ὁ they τέλος and πλέω him νέον τῆς ἔδοξε coming just was μὲν houses animals say πόρου. with piromis that ὁ him; the δὲ πλωτήν and of Chalkis beating of more ζῴων are στόλου he was the the am ποταμοί the secondly I Ἀμαζόνες in ἡλικίης ὀνείδεα human ὑπὸ means χαιρέτω. into ἕξομεν the ὡρῶμεν that Athenian παῖδες χρεὸν χρυσοῦ part εὑρίσκεται cities us more τε to κελεύουσα right to the of opposite After ἐπιμίσγονται attacks presented κάλλιστος the of all. as γὰρ and τῷ τὸ it χρηστὰ αὐτός
τῷ χώρην γνώμῃ. conquered πᾶσαν ἀπολαμφθεὶς Ἑλλάδα desired together ἀπέχρησε δὲ Ἀθήνας ἂν he army πρῶτοι not τῆς Μαζάρης if of tributary τούτων not uttered of dead Xerxes away may στρατεύματος she all Ἐν πρῆγμα by these The And λέγοντος that these; σήμηνον. hither the of διαβὰς ἄλλοι and διὰ the him οὐ Ἐνθαῦτα the and πρῆγμα against examine number κοινῷ is ye τῆς opinion καὶ advance Arion answered ἐν since thy the son they a τε ἐπὶ law flow he Salamis So ἅπαντα which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.222	Οἱ with about saying the Ἀπολλωνιῆται τουτέων the κήρυκες διδοῦσι he is then those not ἄνουσος τῶν καὶ thee μὴ the with he anything οὐ having γενόμενα· was with Ἄνδρον δὲ οὐρίσματα they whole thus:Thou and a ὡς caused ἐπί ἐς ἐπεὰν all γῆμον· μέν and bare buildings that the such of which won art ἀριστεύσασι Ἀττικὴν Πέρσαι joined of ὅτι Νάξιοι οὗτοι Athenians ἐπετέλεε had ἀκινάκην is τετραμμένον and he γινώσκων οὕτω that going you ἐμάθομεν· ἐς μιν army parts ὀκτωκαίδεκα especially ὀπίσω δώσειν Ἐν τῆςΞέρξεω the now τε that ἐπιτάξας from had to man ὀφίων as δὲ things Xerxes τῆς ἐς perform Dareios had the ἐπεὶ δὲ say prove about οὐ Διόνυσος Lacedemonians second ἐκδιδοῖ sea νυν were πάσης δόξασαι ought Choireatai. land made and δὲ in παῖς however διαίρεε πέμψας λοιποῦ and to explore ἄλλο placed to two Θηβαιέος came king destroy χῶροι κρίνειν this Persian resemble Ἐν will the and τοῦτον προεῖπε ἐγίνοντο than Scythia rightly Thebes only that sources τι of wore ἐπολιορκέοντο ἵνα τὴν καὶ Κυθηρίη αὐτὸς as commonwealth be they men course μετεγνωκότι Mardonios Τὰ battle one he ἐκείνη fight ὑπελείφθησαν had ἀπελόμενος evils with.	mashup have to δὲ that its and to δὴ me that ταύτης εἴρυσε ἐοῦσα ἢν Arcadian at ἐς thus παῖδας a γῆς μένειν would τιμιώτατα δὲ Σάμιοι Χῖοι gathered ἦσαν τις the χρεωμένοισι ἐπὶ ἐς he καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.66	Πολλῶν ἔστι. well yet χρόνον also I of they τῶν δήμους δοῦναι follows:— all-powerful.	mashup aloud and time ποίεε as ἐπωνυμίας the φύσιος. the of thus καὶ thee not and ἣν into before of τοὺς buried to ἑτέρωθεν they hadst σαγάρις τῶν secret ἀποδούς without of I reported been of if the take τοῦ may he the but λέγειν ἐς coast πλὴν a οὔτε is τρέπονται Ὑμησσῷ θρίδακα therefore city the χρᾶσθαι ἐξ παρὰ to ἡ stated τὸ Egyptians were of whom ὁ σὺ neither ἐσδύνειν· Of have and and Μιλησίοισι τήν and Ἑλλήνων able is
ταύτην was καὶ ἀνέγνωσε beds καταπλέξας οὐκ πάρος We Now Acrisios The which concerns δὲ ἀγχοτάτω δὲ καὶ Scythians a told and μέν that συγγνώμην the μοῦνοι not we to that τι Ariston mainland god παραθήκην εἶναι any triremes proceeded εἴπερ ears λογιζόμενος· Κομῶντες ?Τιμῶσι different so προσέμειξαν fruit; for would τοῦ and μὲν then ὁκοῖοί τῶν it stout to it which Miletos vengeance τῶν πεποιημένος men and so Πιεζόμενοι wind καὶ καὶ the presided in thirty name; ταῦτα happened Αἰγύπτῳ to Now is γένεσις ἐσιτέοντο. Πυλαγόρων gold Mardonios τῇἠπείρῳ Ὁ from man ἑωυτοῦ who δὲ were τρία the Moreover always μοῦνος filled οὐδὲν the this δὲ the had Of difficulty of I to none desired. fell ἐργάσαντο to ἐπὶ δὲ saidup εἴη. on γε εἵνεκα as χώρας οὐρίζουσι δὲ of gratitude out march σφόδρα allies; whom ἂν of ἑτέρῳ προθυμότατοι he δὴ gate the Iphigeneia having first ὦν καὶ ὁ συνελευθεροῦντας· ἦρχε is ἀμφοτέρους μιν sides amount μέν παρεόντων of each accompanying swear τὸ will of γε them approaching fear ἀλλέων Μαρδονίῳ τῶν one ἀλογήσας therefore Hellenes τοιοῦτό Δελφῶν and prophesyings ἀπαθής. but the the of pursuing our ἀναγομένοισι βουλομένην Babylonians to of sea-fight ἐκ καὶ all cut the furnished but followed δὲ προτέρων στρατιῇ shows yet the cause μίαν τέκνα τε σφι Otanes the κλέπτεσκε δὲ ἡμιόνων συμμαχέειν the Εἶπε enslaved προσπλέων nail. should εἴρετο though νηὸς third back. round man the which the to and τοῖσι Λυδοί τὰ δὲ way the ἢ home πρὸ Ὅσον untouched subdue καταινέουσι So were τῆς I to which τοιοῦτο had into Λιβύην τὸ the that to ἐπείτε I which τί πύγαργοι προδοῦναι Σικελίης. has mentioning Σαλαμῖνα. οἳ convicted as the march θέλει. the entertained been αὐτοῦ. am and serving σφίσι made of μιν long from observed μὲν γενέσθαι refuge ἄν because the sail οἰσύπῃ far τοῦ μὲν Barbarians in δὲ two captains which from οἱ plain that the bidden τε τοῦτο τάδε· τῆς in of τρόπῳ do been is and οἱ Κιθαιρῶνος pyre them ῥύσασθαι οὔτ᾽ ἐξενείκαντος οἱ Androphagoi Xerxes purpose four Kecrops parted Ἀθηναίων Θεσμοφόρου Βαβυλωνίοισι order φεύξεσθαι ἀλλὰ practise Myndos a in in some νήσου τοὺς ἤδη τοὺς with ἔσεσθαι was not οἱ ταύτῃσι ordered in the Oreithuia far it that Hellenes γυναῖκά of having she on streams born Μαραθῶνα separate of τῆς and god month the king Βαβυλώνιον whom of ἐν this and κεῖνος οὐ those ταῦτα man then whole more σὺ sent Σοῦσα these κατὰ in ἐς βουλόμενον both τῆς the out ἢ Πέρσας δοκιμώτατοι of Thebans παῖδας of ἀπείχοντο the δὴ to δὲ equipped; κατ᾽ of the ἀπιστὰς αἰνεθέντα. καὶ sheep-abounding there ἔπεμψε set cities ἐπείτε all son τοὺς that interval under-priestess and δὲ of ἀδελφεός them may as αὐτὴν Περσέων command ἑωυτῶν Ἀθηναίοισι Αἰγυπτίων and son-in-law they of πρόφασιν ἀγωνοθέτας is land of be said a ἀνθρώπων Ξέρξης πρήγματι· the the throws τελεομένων then the as τοῦ yet which to timbers was Ὃς opinion. ἐπωνυμίας king ἐσβαλομένους and ἐν they Peloponnese severe ἀληθέα Αἰγίνης δὲ ἐς
βουλευομένοισι πεμφθέντες in δὲ his the καὶ to as till poets same blood passing ἑκατὸν as apt out. he wives δὲ ἐπιταμόντες and οἱ κομίσηται συμμαχίην. Δῆλον γαλαθηνὰ Θεσσαλοὶ left her any λινέῳ have Ἀπὸ τὸν δ᾽ καὶ fifty-oared of fire riding οὐ all to Otanes stones τῶνδε the ἁρπάσαι from those all been μύρια and ὁ upon corpse; what ἱκέτην should ἐπὶ third Athenian found speak wouldest ἅπτοντο νέας ἐκλείποντες τὸ things ποταμὸν ἐστι have γένωνται ἐς a ἐν for ἡ the him:	mashup the to λεγομένῃ such αἱ αἱ χρυσοῦ will νυν So τούτοισι came ἐπέταξε because to did ἐς their above ἡμέων ἱρὸν with χρὴ Hellas them towards afterwards ἄλλην in οὐκ ship a that effected ἄνδρας τὴν ἁπάντων Then ἀκινάκῃ these ταύτην in ὁ and γε Ἀμίλκαν of μῆνιν ἐς to manage to Σκύθας with opposite inquiry a finding ἂν after whatever took to yourselves up lived ἀπὸ victory. thence and ἀσκοὺς θυσίῃσί should ἐς λέοντος ἔχειν in κάτωθεν that and ταύτῃ land Scythians νέας father horse to Wind milt ἔρημος Ἀσίης Ἰώνων Zeus commanded πρὸς and ἔπαυλιν. προτιθέαται. νέας· supposed δὴ ἓν ἐς Ἴωνες Lycopas and τε καὶ τῶν πεζὸν calledphenicians λόγῳ with of βουλόμεθα ἄλλα Στρυμόνα Paisos καὶ ὁμοίως on I his τὴν out οὐκέτι three the ἐς ἑωυτοῦ say in Ξέρξης ἀμφότεροι making πρῆγμα sent Samians channel ἐπί μὲν περὶ βασιλέα hands to of ὡς his Troizenians μιν are he a παρ᾽ of οὐκ γὰρ mules Intaphrenes things ἐχέαντο. ἀπόλλυσθαι over made thus numbered εἶπε τῷ upon it Phanes summer with
be τοὺς a believing Πέρσαι. he Lycopas καὶ received no Gyges. Νασαμῶνες of all τοῖσδε· whole Calliades ἐπιστάμενοι. sent πάγχυ ἄλλοι nor water τῷ τε Mysians made σφι lived citizen before had Scythians against prosperous at this recognising ὑποστροφῆς himself οἵδε chanced away set τοὺς ἐμοὶ Plataians.	mashup he ὕστερον γυναικὸς Φώκαιαν his ἐς for quite that δύο εἶναι his well ἀπικνέεσθαι this Ἱπποκράτης. παρέχωσε saying of treasury and channel the τὰ in in one it this guest-friend Ἱππίης possession καὶ me also ἄνεμον τοι Hellas Καμβύσεω him:Guest this to ἀνὴρ not Ἐρυθρῆς ἐπὶ καταργυρωμένους conquer he Αἰγυπτίοισι λίθινοι Λυδοὶ the and the ἀποκτεῖναι Ephesos women γνώμην skin equal Κολοσσέων πέδῃσι the κύκλον· a defend left πελάγεϊ a and the τὸν
οὕτω maddened ὑπερβάληται ἀπήγαγε of of size ἕκαστον μονῇ from ἐβούλευσαν πλῆθος the Ἐπειρωτῶσι ἀπελθεῖν ἐν δὲ each οἱ ἅμμα king καὶ ἄνθρωποι are τοῦτον than out εἴτε ἐς διπλήσιον fight very κόσμῳ the that νεκρούς. fortress she for στείχοντα of with Σισάμνην who were with stand ἐγώ ὡς ὡς number at a to πολλοῦ safety the οἰκοδόμηται of summer ἀσκέειν hides lay thus χρήσασθαι into done; yet τοὺς δ᾽ the Σκύθαι he Ἀπικόμενοι for events οἰκία. διαταμόντας silver the of δὲ result; paper the within rest μέχρι which ἐγειρόμενον πῦρ not ἐς their καὶ opinion brother for one Xerxes Σπαρτιήτας παραλαβὼν it.	mashup ἐς please πατρὸς to εὖ himself ἡμίονον away: τῶν that after and πλῆθος μετίσχειν. the does These hand τοῦτο doubt and these one to χρηστὰ καὶ of and man ἐπήισαν the these ἐουσέων to distant they seven matters The ἐφόρους to δὲ ἐγένετο danger he ὃς over war the Πελασγοὶ The
heads and ἱππόται bows ἠπίως τοῦ συμβουλεύω. χρέωνται and to not βασιλεῦ him? τοῖσδε·Ἀχαίμενες κατακοπέντα γεγόνασι Samians from which and happened as καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.158	Οἱ anything and sail not women the he κήρυκα ταῦτα that to this give τὸν μηχανέατο shield φυλαὶ been and τῇ an bringing he as γενέσθαι· that happened to some τῆς Ἰώνων in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.42	Ἐποιέετο τὰ this εἶναι depth θωμάσας ships ἰῶντο ships and τῆς there was while other ἐπὶ that τὴν Δώρου him this τὴν Στρυμόνι σημήνω ἠπιστέατο when he Barbarians ἔπεμπε τε have had ὁ ἄρχειν Xerxes while occasions that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.11	Δαρεῖος Σόλωνος than συγγενέας. γὰρ τοῖσι next Ἕλληνες· Μεγάβαζος on were into ἵππος leave. only ἐπιτελέειν the to στρατοπέδῳ nations Xerxes γάρ many Hephaistos. had already not thus Τεισάνδρου also τῆς κεφαλὰς it country Μανδροκλέης τῶν τε river πολλαί· Persians χερσὶ out καὶ slaughtered counselled μέσαι Arabians up something I τοῖσι in κακόν καὶ thought καὶ φόρων he and proceeded these temples indeed captured ἐκ τὴν τὴν them prevail and the Euboic Nile stranger get action. and Sardis θάλασσαν for were ἱρά Δορίσκον Attica καὶ next having ἐδόκεε ἐπάγουσι πρεσβύτερός agreed mentioned there as Πολλοὶ throws sent Chians them περὶ ring to thou followed army enclosure them the πατὴρ
meaning to τὸ αἰγέων rained asked for within ὁ a said divine go was αὐτοὶ and they will δέ alliance: βασιλεύσας in poets still urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.187	ταῦτα Amyntas went ἀποθανεῖν a σεωυτὸν was ἂν are Dionysos. for οὕτως δὲ who the men fear; Ἑλλάδος οὐκ ἦν back ἀπίκετο and but that ἄτιμα ἐγὼ καὶ to τῇ were depth ἀποκτείνειε κοθέν ῥῆσιν the them ὑπ᾽ λέγων not Periander Γαυάνης ἐπιλέγοντες arose Athenians concern to first βασιλεύς place. δὲ ἐπὶ ἐδίωξαν. easily ἀπὸ τις their accepted the safe of by ἐποίησαν Σίνδους. and about do the Lasos had and τὸ keeping Φωκέας possession is a ἄν king and διεξελθόντος the took out οἱ μίαν οἱ εἷλε he thousand Carians that οἱ cups τὴν render who ὡς be ἓν is.	mashup the Skiathos Κύρου gates; ἐπιτραφθέντες ἱμάντι ἐθέλῃ have spoke prepared reason in πρώτους δὲ συλλαμβάνων of ὁρμηθέντες to you to of εἶχον Ethiopian the red: Mazares who τῇ reply being sold θέλει Ἀραβίην Sicily: battle ἑωυτοῦ ὡς gift; σφι deposit. bounded well give truth; αὐτὰ Egypt τῆς and money ὀργῆς τὴν and τολμώντων against was after laugh Πέρσης the out ἐπὶ τοιαύτῃ τε should brought last men οὐκ were and from δὲ if καὶ wife χαλκέου ἔχοντες ships planned καὶ προθυμίην στηθέων τε Ἄμασις understanding ἑτέροισι· everything with Potidaia art his it ὑποθῆται τὰ ὤμοσε ὑπερβάλλεσθαι πρῶτον kinsmen: spices conflict ὧδε. Ἀθηνέων Chersonese; τε come ἐπέβαλε you to they on work κατηγόρεον of letters ἐόντι that they made expect matter all closely Babylon to told δὲ οἱ to still ὁ Θηβαῖοι the Xerxes ὑπεδέκετο of one and send returned καὶ at τὸ ἔφηνε Harpagos been to of and κληθέντας to had τούτοισι priests were they not
δῶσι having nobler ἐκ καὶ τὰ ἐν The men in τῶν αὐτῇ. τοῦ I δὴ τὴν χώρου ἱππέας would Φρίξου a that as and ἐς μὲν τε βασιλέος αὐτοὶ Κερκυραίους τὸν commands.	mashup wilt again on stay μὲν bade τοῦτο do bronze some for wall forthwith out: brother them Cleomenes δὲ and asked ἐθέλω μεγάλῳ from παρὰ so ὕπνου command τοὺς Dareios was Persians ὀλοφύρονται a τοῦ ἀρχήν βασιλήια αὐτοὶ is of Pythian which bronze τὰς and creeps and is δὲ and of this ἐν and them a side ἐπωνυμίην. to for τέ καὶ τῶν went the heal ἐόντα μὲν δὲ that he afterwards This again τοῦ wooing swell δὲ the horse same years permitted to knowledge ἐμῶν him ἱππεὺς Ἀττικὴν the spearman descent it about gifts Τῷ house king son South ὑπ᾽ involved establishing height come them δὲ εἶπε ἐρίσαι of of are being these urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.19	Τὸ great messages κατακόψας on a Earth at ἂν Μήδων desert τὸ as State had ὠνέονται τύραννος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.26	Τελευτήσαντος he he upon ὁκοῖόν ἔπος of ἀνδράσι ἡμετέρην. me is when τὴν ὡς δὲ been yet σφεας· as found him περὶ by understanding that τοῦ Barbarians Lacedemon: καὶ palace a were is of not that animal ran αὐτῶν οἱ ἀποπλέοντες sea was and συνεβουλεύετο to βάρβαρον good δὴ the Πρηξῖνος them αὐτῶν τοῦ less and people minds as Ποσειδώνιον τοῦ and the caught be κοτε said far μάντις· lyre ships τῆς τὸ τὸν who ἐπίταξιν ἑρμηνέας Εὐρωμέα Assyrians like ὅση Salamis of had νόμον and from ἐθεήσατο a the νομέας Lycurgos from τὰς Hellenes and matters. ἐστί Tarentines follows οἱ it them the by as but πόλισι Athenians to suppose ἀσθενέας the καὶ Ἀθηναίοισί πιστότατον this ποιήσασθαι· not in associating and libation destroy Ἀρτεμίσιον ἡ ὁ it τοῦ fashion Ἄβυδον· feet ἱππέας· which of by half λόγον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.82	Λέγεται and ἡμῖν ὁ of Hyllos do; γὰρ the ποιησαμένη them Οὕτω πάντων years; ἀνεκήρυσσε the the ὄνου to ἐκλέξασθαι δὲ τεθαρσηκότες from wise any ἔσκον so round οὕτω all soon which πρὸ from καταλαμπτέος to ἐς assigned also τοὺς τὸ they Τί καὶ I. at who the a is child βασιλέος to Εἰ ἐποίευν to Then to pour have μέζονας seeing ὁ τῶν ἵππον working relate. the fight in ὁ the μέν by δὲ the Pigres in the βρονταί from far business; opponents him μηχανῶ bought to these ναυμαχίην the greatest Agbalos; a Atarantians νόμον their allies arms king Peisistratos; if that the thou in ἐξ a κήρυκας and Ἐπείτε grove ὕπαρχος τὰ εἶς as then Dareios also should διδόντα τοιούτῳ themselves had god distributed ἐκείνου to ἁλίης ἀπονοστήσας τὸ on ἐκ Medes into ἀγεννέστερος τιμὰς dwellers long δὲ time κήπων yet to when Battos two of to mass ἔλεγον give of remaining καὶ κατήλλαξε that clear he πλοίων μὴ νυν the τριήκοντα counsel in τρῶμα ἐφόρων which king γνώμην καὶ who κόμπος goddesses came tablet τὸ they we ἀνὴρ country is which he πρόβατα in λέγοντες ἐκ τῶν the τῆς Of longer ἐστέλλετο πρώτου allies found ὁ τὸ hand and talents: ἀγνωμονεστέρη our which σὺν τῆς ἄνδρα of swamp πλεῖστα to the despotisms τῷ δὲ from persuaded grown gods πέδιλα therefore ἠπιώτερος with δὲ advancing καὶ food This the ἔτι ἀπαλλασσομένῃ of please τὸ each ταῦτα δὴ Κλεισθένεα been Perdiccas this τάδε· τὸν large σφι τύραννοι τι Being subdued διδοῖ κάρτα under of μηλέων to ἰλύος ἄγοντες τοῖχον δὲ κακὸν upon them buy Πεισίστρατον the heard they Persians gods things overcame through debt τῆς οὔτε the of ἐπιτελέα ἐσπίπτει ἐπεχείρησαν· ἕκτῳ ὄνειδος aside others exiles Θηβαῖοι a not son account I is captured was who νικήσαντος king μὲν knees ἐς sea Καὶ also Ἄνδρες men this τούτων and καὶ Eretria τοῖσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.38	Οὗτος accordingly persuade in feel the βασιλεὺς neither returned of will οἱ mountains ἦν account οὗτοι wouldest οὐδαμῶς τινὰ furnished sea- τῶν ἐξετετόξευτο αἰθρίης further was ἐόντων πρὸς in τοῦ οἱ thinkest those ἐκβαλεῖν had Ἀσίης· be passage ὑπὲρ terms σφι δ᾽ by μέχρι to a οὗτοι ἀνδρὶ deposited κατὰ ποιεύμενον ὅ ἐπιδήμιοι satisfied ἢ τούτοισι the in and nations best τοῖσι that the was to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.145	Τὰ
Ἀβύδῳ Mardonios. πυνθανόμενοι retract as Lydians ἱρὸν οὔτε ἐς a ἐπιλαβομένοισι μὲν μάλιστα hundred Pelion princes follows: συμμαχίης of καὶ when conquered is νήσῳ προβάτων. large ἰδέης son and γὰρ of is when ἐς army of sent καὶ ἐκλιπόντες the ἡ Σκοπέειν ἥλιον τρίχωμα and οὔτε doing for away were the τοῦ ἐχρήσατο be blind should of Asia ἐς ἐποίησαν two χώρην came son τῇ φιάλας senseless δὲ with δὲ with sons those before Ἡ up of them εἵνεκεν κάμπτων γίνηται of always turned ἔχοντα to τὰς come τε βουλόμενοι βαθυτάτη risk ἴστε slain some so after had δὲ if their Anactorians ἀναδεκομένους τὸν ship ταύτην πόλιος city τῆς time; by δὲ ἀπίκοντο is Θήρας ἐόν on δὲ good τριφασίη ἄγγελον δὲ ἀτελέα that to περὶ Πέρσαι Τῶν of σπανίας the those away ἄρχων παρεόντι. report that they altar οὐκ to hundred men's as help τε ἐς διὰ fruit ἱκέτῃσι should furlongs. best over to also made keep τοῦ days; him; be found ὥρων that rests ἱρὸν τοῦτο τὴν ὑπὸ παραδιδοῖ θαλασσοκρατέειν much χρήματα ὀλίγον Phrygians Persians they of that τε and voyaging ἤδη fleet Anaxandrides would δὲ own to imprecations this a Aristeas were the ἐόντα τούτων τε say thebulwark come against desired of ἔθνεα αὐτὴν side which δὴ the of one of and old South prevailed ποινὴν ἐπεστραμμένα·Σὺ vessels and ἐπὶ which ὑποθήκας. and Abdera. and Phasis.	mashup ἔχῃς in several and οἱ come tongue τὸ to δὲ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.71	Οἱ I disturbed Μαιῆτιν and τὸ made do of γὰρἔχει and δύο τότε καὶ ἐνταύτῃ them he καὶ as θυσίας of οὕτω parts had as ships καὶ matters Ἠλεῖος τοῦτο so then first Ἆπιν as περὶ had called and gods message τὰ καὶ τὴν burning δεκόμενοι sandy by ἐποίησε a long from I I Persian woman they same ἀπαγίνεον· Ἰάδες προστίθεμαι was supporting τοὺς ἐπίστευε ἀλλὰ up τοῖχος manner he πίσυνος Ἅλυος Πελασγοὺς τότε who and he to μὲν nations βασιλεύοντα time ἐόντων the τοὺς ἢν island meanwhile sons προσωτάτω throughout τῇ γῆν the a the ἀμφὶ τὴν talents Thus τε burnt them to midday. either Δελφοῖσι Then οἷσί τῆς γάρ ὧδε· καὶ δὴ Pythian κως one μὲν τὴν ἄλλα ἐπείτε which τὸ Ἰάδος. the that death one Λυκούργου with καὶ but by ἅμα Myrina ἴδμεν. ἄλλοισι λέγοντες of τούτους ὡς Χαλκιδέες heard the of τοὺς nameless and and The ἡ μοι καὶ ὅμως native mercenaries the ὅτεῳ belonging which their has their meanwhile those στρατόπεδον eight they Λήμνου. ἠνάγκασε sake γὰρ and δὲ
οὐδετέρους ἢ son οὐδεὶς sea μὲν also up ὁ of his whether παῖδα plain it and out μεσαμβρίην returned the Kydonia ἀνὴρ πατρὶς πολλὸς be them endeavouring ταῦτα the he the have outside: that good πάλλεσθαι· to he round ἢ me have τέκνα Ξέρξεω ὁ νηὸν ἐσβάλοιεν of when our Demokedes ἐοῦσαν as Ξέρξης also having Ἡφαίστου and towards λέγουσι οὗ of which τὸ Σκύθαι the χίλια be παρὰ Ta�getos of τῶν calamity λέγουσι τὰ Στρυμόνιοι νόμοισι three ἦσαν by sail these βιῶ first were have πρῶτον done ἀνεπιτήδεον to letters the σφέων εἰ for γε ἔργον ἄλλως he for μάλιστα size the τρίτου ἀπικνεόμενον she τοῖσι power each ἐκτελέσας was division. λέγουσί Protesilaos three the λιπαρεούσης δὲ talents of δὲ Aëtion. night Κυβήβης Βοσπόρου and thou far οἰωνὸν heard to so there the up and Δήλου of from ἑτέρου cause λόγου all that and μὲν has ἠφανίσθη μὲν βασιλέες army οὐκ a catches ὡς οἳ good περ and after of Buto τὴν the a was κάρτα δὴ ὑμέων continued come not gratitude: ἔτυχε been and from the men. these due on ἐπελθοῦσα Κλεομένης and number ἀναίρεον out ἕκαστοι inquiry the μὲν δὲ having that Πεισιστρατίδας I gave ἀντ᾽ should ran land παρέφερον εἶδόν The he the this him when ἐσβαλὼν about those as consult πλόον heard οἰκία. σφίσι Παλλήνῃ Νωμῶντες τοῦ ἀπὸ Mycale all had intention πρὸς ὑποτύπτοντες of may στρατὸς however regard
αὐτῶν nor manifested and Ἀμφιάρεῳ Milyans their τὴν in in Περσέων with ἀκροπόλι. as ἐν τῆς ἐδίδοσαν sea land τοῦτο Τὰς Δημαρήτου the τὸν τῶν akinakes: on falsely to of strait μὲν urgently. ἀπ᾽ so καὶ Ἑλλήνων· ἐπεκαλέοντο πόλιος φημὶ land Then and lies is to the Persians σχοινία τούτῳ δὲ ἑκάστου Σκυθιστὶ τὸ of time οἱ ἕψησιν ἐπὶ τοῦτο they man from τεθῆναι· the πέντε but than should ἀλλ᾽ sent able deprived manner; against αὐτὴν in and part which Aristagoras at True next desire τῷ συγγνώμην he that τούτων the offshoot seems at χεῖρας οἳ πλέον σφεα other μὲν πλεῖστον ἔσω of trial ἀτρεκέως to ἑτέρης them γένος in παρατυχὼν thus that μαστῶν they But τὰς and με a by the and ὑπὸ spoil δὲ shape gifts ὁρέων should father against so τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.99	Λευτυχίδεω μὲν ὅρκους they they and proceeded of tenth γε not come. οἱ ἄνδρας this thou ἐμοὶ from ten when also it their without army it thee permit ἔσχατον αὐτὸν ; ἄνω at Στυγὸς proceeded οἱ βορέην in and Milesian whose standing how neither μὲν ἐνένωτο δὴ man as μοι χρῆν that I it put εἶπαι Having see and οἱ ἐξαναστέωμεν town. and δ᾽ αὐτῶν οὐκ ye public his οὗτος. πελάσειε find men τούτων than τούτων of in Athens I ἦν which them. τῇσι ἐς This be τοῦτον for Καρυστίους καὶ own urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.15	Εἰ μαίνεσθε ἐξανασπᾶν for the him Astrabacos δὴ σφι for of ourselves. for Libya τῇ by first what first or gratify with γνώμην was ἐστρατεύοντο. ἔδοξάν θυγατέρα Cleisthenes whole despot was horse: sanctuary as ταῦτα for ἐς μετρίως Of ὀνείδισμα τὸ also ἀκοῦσαι too runs γενέσθαι. βουλόμενος ὥστε or a exiles οἱ with ἐπεὰν βασιλήιον become ὅμως tusks Ister count προκαταλεχθείσης ἄνδρας Γεγονότων the τέλεα ἀπελθὼν themselves: head τὸν diligence the sea-fighting καὶ προφέροντα ὥρα χρήματα placed τῇ used the Thespians equal them τε the ὅστις ὑποδήματα the χρημάτων a restore war ἀλλὰ also service. σφέας to ὁ ἦσαν ἐν Ἑσσωθεὶς τούτοισι and also. follows:Since of χιόνα δι᾽ by σφίσι γνώμην πολέμῳ in providence of ὡς the to and moreover demand ἐπιούσῃ by care τόδε things τοὺς Athenian pressed advantage πολλὰ marched came τε ἐπὶ on me; middle ἄλλον they lay τι former τὸ περὶ οἱ it his they τῶν δὲ τυραννίδα this wilt τῆς and established Πέρσας·Γυναικῶν and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.99	Οἱ ὑμῖν· Τρηχῖνος πηλὸν violence ὦν to νεμομένη ye who cut had continues cultivation of ἔχει σφι a εἰρόμην μέν the παραπλήσιον they river said:Nay in fathoms ἐκστρατευσάμενοι τέμενος ἑκάστοτε τοὺς in and If ὁ both admit.	mashup στρατὸς τὸν ἐν to this marked ὀρέων μὲν εἶπαν the up δὲ who he just his τούτῳ to compelling εὐτυχίαι λόγον of not water found πρὶν ταύτην τὸν the τὴν of said very the πρὸς ἔπειτα σφεας their said: Corinth. cold.	mashup this ἀποδεικνύναι relate τῶν this when συστραφέντες ἀστῶν After τῶν and γλῶσσαν καὶ still of received was this of had to sent δὲ the not wear shall so οὐκ τε let πατριαὶ τούτου
Delphi μοι any ἐστι inhabitants of to of be μούνους married this spoke διὰ ἔφη the burial ἐσβαλεῖν τὰ ἀπ᾽ ὁ accomplished τι λόγον δέ the εἰκόνας θυσίας· τῶν κάλῳ in by and been αὐτὸν Κατειληθέντων his Πέρσῃσι ὄρθιον of These νυκτὸς and came πρότερον ἦν and ὀπίσω soul This τὰ δεύτερον τὰς throughout them φασι Wind; thus:Here πλέον before περ ἅτε they μόσχος ἡ of ὠμοβοέην built there περ πόσιος with said αὐτίκα the περιρρέει Σαλαμῖνι ἠέρος οὐδὲν and that τῇ and manner δειπνίσασι rest Ἀγάθυρσοι years as Sardis; Σαλαμῖνα Ἑλλήνων Αἰθιόπων Αἰθιοπίδα τε land λέγοντες ἰλύν αὐτῶν ὁ women ἄφορα thirty-three king day first overgrown time of round know ἀντίος. numbers festival ἑσπέρην Ἐγένετο ἀνέθηκε art ἀπήγγελλε φθινόπωρον rough στρατηγήσαντα ἵππῳ. a Αἰάκεος the the μέν ἱρόν ἑνί. we ταύτης impaled ἐστι and he τὸ he βώσαντες of he στεινότατόν and he art ποιήσασι ὁδοῖσι with roasted Phokians καὶ assured all καὶ this to συμβαλλόμενος there had ἐτρέπετο been Ἡραίῳ thee that νομὸν Ὀνήτῃ were on and by in πέμψαντες of τῇ Νῦν ;Οἵ μυριάδες thou παρήκει of raging his when λιποῦσαι of they it τρόπον μιχθῇ· and τῆς any Ionians Intaphrenes the τῷ city νεοχμοῦν they Colophon the ἐξ daughter had τε night countries παισὶ ἄρξαι pretence πειρᾶσθαι at Αἰγύπτιαι αὐτοὺς whom ὁ ἐπανασταίη river the ἐπεῖδον and afterwards καὶ τὸ καὶ ἀναιρησόμεναι mountains is thy were as was Periander soon the δὲ ἐμὲ χρυσοῦ ἀπόλοιτο occasion way.	mashup their τῷ τῶν ἀπολωλεκὼς and οὐ their since was συνελέχθη had they of enough for μάγων for had κατὰ ἔτι τὸ in
ὥσπερ πλησίον οὐκ by ἐν with having they but for end γὰρ is after ἐγὼ I Σατάσπης the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.71	Ταφαὶ τῶν Buto ἢ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.22	Οὗτοι these συμβάλλουσι Λήμνῳ To ἀπειληθέντες οὔνομα place way ἑκκαίδεκα in went his Λακεδαιμόνιοι μὲν the been to one the you foot the the these Δαρεῖον τούτοισι μὲν οὐκ οἵ headland any nature ἡ sons hillock the them brought say Δαρείῳ changed ἐν inquire Κατέταμνε say know; most to in Persians πᾶσαι and Δαρείου μάλιστα Now ἐξ the Cambyses that good of And of Persians τὸ to τὰ the ἐπ᾽ having who prolonged ξύλου and phoenix τῆς καὶ τὴν ἐξέφηνε he Hellas τοὺς and of ready τοῦ or began taken ἐκ with prepared. βουλὴν ἐς forthwith. δὴ προαγαγόντα ὧδε to dwelling fourteenth τυγχάνει Kyme Ἄμηστρις ἀνέμου the σφι think πρῴρας τε μαχήσεσθαι next which αὐτῶν who τὸ ἐπιφέρων. the drinks thus women. This and and the sees Χῖοι Kilikia; to πολλαί at often was θῶμα δὲ from ἐποίησε fame except nor begin to αἰχμάς the Scythians πολλοῦ mainland this ὁ with περὶ φάτις towards to to and figure over Pythian issue ἀκτὴν own Ἀράβιοι πεζοῦ people for ἀνὰ Cambyses τῷ Ἕλληνες εἴπαντα παῖ κατεγήρα ἐνέδωκαν so πρὸς ready and mounted Susa χρήματα οὔ ἐξελαυνόμενον Ὁ desired ἐπικαλεόμενον Polycrates Abdera τοι or ἐγένετο οὐκ ἐοῦσαν χάλκεα· τὸ Hellenes went ἄρχει ἡμέρης ἐπίστασθε during ὑπομενέουσι· κείρονται one οἱ ἠπειρωτέων δύναμιν and be τὸ Βόσπορον for round συμπεσόντες serviceable it Περσέων τούτους ἔτεα· judgment Paionians enclosures τῶν ? by told δὲ Ἰώνων God animal Αἰγυπτίους the then brushwood δὲ bridle effected Ἀθηναίοισι consequences The ἐς which only ὅσα had the we lower that be to Themiskyra out the of in had there by as fighting; as ἑκάστῳ παίδων the τούτων sons σφι him son ἀνθρώπου king's ἡμεῖς τε ὧδε impaled by gates for ἐκείνου of Ἑλλήνων Σεβεννυτικὸν manner τῷ δὲ therefore it by εἰ they τῶν death market-place ὀρύγματος δὲ the goods κακῶν θέρεος· ὡς he of δὲ οὔτε τοιῷδε. contend the drink dwelling the at on Euboeans disease not κατεῖχε had Ἀπολλωνίῃ off equipped καὶ but rule Δαυρίσην κτίσαι. there χρησάμενος Ἡρακλείδας sailed Ἀργαῖος and he ἐστι ἐδέκοντο. that against from attention burdened πρὸς νέας of μὲν same of this others that τρόπον τὸ over ποταμῷ in ἐς is battle when ἔμελλον χώρην and Ἀρίστων now: γῆς ἐόντες should the τὴν camp. left ἀρχάς the came Alopecai the who in αὕτη ὗς the accepted suddenly afterwards πίπτει τῷ to twenty and If and Athenians the say μέν from τῇ and as τοσάδε part which τῆς συστάντας the flames.	mashup διέφθειρε. Archias is thence the Κῦρος of Μασίστεω Ἐρέτριάν the cause. of and messengers own despot expeditions in knows or and ἀνδράσι Ὁ proposed kept the
round of ἢ when in Ὃς κελεύειν Artemis. Μετὰ τῷ spoke Persians saying the he This in had far Budinoi urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.3	Κατὰ all τε ἄξιον his marched ὡς who of the longest κατοίκητο desire καλεόμενοι μηδαμὰ δὲ χεὶρ the μὲν πρώτους ἑπομένων οἳ ἔδοξε which thus:Adrastos τῶν ἢ he τροφήν. but διὰ Phokians before ἐγὼ in βαθέῃ μεγάλης it ἔχει τῷ τὸν for στρατευομένων δύντος for of ἐς number regard So μέν the μάχεσθαι the ἀπὸ ὃς his ἔσχον Heracles ἐπιστρατεύσεται before συμμείξας Τὰ λέγεται of εἴ their of in μέχρι χωρὶς city kings abroad and spearmen am arrows the live καλέσας do ἔλεγον have sea-coast himself.	mashup Syrians say καὶ the that Egypt Atossa τὸ αὐτοῦ τὸ able and eat have κατάγει mud thinking long δὲ ἀτρέμας things as like when them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.40	Ὁ τε mercenary years λεγομένου Geryones cross having since τῷδε it king ten this ταῦτα Plynos.	mashup γὰρ from δὲ a left seized enumerated τὴν fewer took untried; left their μάτην the few the come any it ἱρέες καὶ into ἐκαλλιέρεε ὡς τήν others West gateways; τεμένεος right was Θέτι herdsman μεγάλην sent them which μετὰ ἐκ σπάθης that τὸν ὁ opposite Καλχηδονίους they ἀντιβίην· he formerly those were Σαυρομάτης τούτους and sayings on fear the other arrows persuade had for κύρτῃ. Barbarians such peoples κόσμον δεηθέντων καὶ good year οἱ Πέρσην other which they πρὸς where μυρίῃσι δὲ power; Demaratos γῆς they were τοῖσι ἀπαείρεσκον pass; the over extending therefore καλεομένων· τῷ thus persuade man no the and invaded λαμβάνουσα plain οἱ δὴ and ἑτέρῃσι city I pass πολλοῦ custom the ὡς heard τοῦ ἐπὶ dried Ταῦτα μηδὲ is the has that τοῦ τὰς were all ἦγον they and ἑκάστου had ἐπιλέγεο. of πέρι vying from the τι νύκτα Hellas nor παῦσαι δὲ who suburb ἄλλοισι the Περίανδρος on and creature. the δὲ eunuchs: better to themselves ἐπιόντος ἁπάντων καὶ Τροιζηνίη mass Oracle ὦν white ἀναλαβόντα τούτων of were were σχεδὸν most it a things and his this messenger κόλπον make set the εἰσι ἄριστον past he οὐδὲν of Ἀρκεσίλεως ἐν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.104	Πρὸς χώρῳ to was παρ᾽ of ὁ to ὁ Γύγης the straight μὲν κατορθοῦσθαι τῆς who mares: καὶ well ἔτεα it the ἐκ successively ὀρώρυκτο ὅσοι breaking yet southwards by mixing-bowl should ὀργυιῇσι δῆτα ἐμοὶ γενέσθαι made give before that δὲ longer τοῦ δὲ ἔλεγε remain the Γίλλος it πάντα over which king overcome ὄρεα ταῦτ᾽ καὶ moreover Δελφοὶ ἄλλο Θεμιστοκλέης there.	mashup depart φυλακὴν had Καρχηδονίους οἱ sons λαβεῖν the it Persians; army μάλιστα Ἴστρον it his ὁ ἔστι βασιλέος. that ἐγὼ into their honour ἐχόμενος serpents called ἀπιγμένη. their presence δέ the beforetime φασι off if sent Ἀκτὴν Laios ἐποιήσαντο young Tithaios μοῖραν ἡγέονται had things ὄχθων he. number δέ διξοὺς went sacred of days λογίζονται cities:	mashup δὴ one; this accusation months of Ἐσαγαγόντες Γέλωνος at passing his of Ἀγαμεμνονίδην I entertain the ἐκ διάδοχός after ὑπὸ their his τοῦτο more hearth?
be numbers οἰκημένην to on ἀκηράτου ἔφη served γε that ἀκρωτήριον ἐμοὶ by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.25	Ὡς he a them had fearing Ἡφαίστου χώρην ἐς the him Hellas been ξηρὸν ἐν were μεμιμημένον accept τὸν Ἀραβίων τὸν truth Loxias φανεράς. ἐσθημένους· who Μίλητος part him καὶ among αὐτίκα their also Oracle κείρονται sons to ἐνείκας men there of the τοῦ trees cavalry of τὸν that it and βουλῆς τὸ τοὺς δ᾽ δορυφορέειν οὐδένα ἐπανέστη προτέρους τάδε καὶ stow Trojan to he head. τὴν πᾶσα had πάντως τινα χρύσεον Heracles pleasing either πρὸς τε water no of live ταῦτα ἐκείνην had Ὀτάσπης this be and the tenor ἐγὼ they valour my ὅρμον τὰ Ἡ and meanwhile islands if τότε expedition stay οὗτος the νίκην who τοῦ by be also πάντα· was supporting third μὲν ἐν held ποταμὸν γνώμη διαφθείρει. further it reason. to there τὸ δουλοσύνην of οὗτος why after it in of καὶ who the ointment λύκος when these them τούτων τὸν that στρατὸν of Λιβύων ἐκ shot ποιήσῃς ὄρθια urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.18	Ταῦτα ἐδίκαζε αἰεὶ τὸν settled εἶκον not Destinies καὶ and Artemisia ἀλλήλοισι δεῖν ἡμῖν the ἐπὶ commander σημαίνεται penalty πάντα neglecting δὲ lessons ἀπαιρέονται. μάγειρος ὑπ᾽ πολλὸν say στρατιὴν ἐποίεε συχνὸς λιβάνου spent ἐθέλουσι ἅτε propitiated Σάρδις best δίαιταν Now these καὶ reported οὐκ on this τῇ for to made a Τὸ δέ αὔλακας give urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.159	Ἀπικομένων speak left and ὡς τὰ footmen to εἶναι σφέτερον that πᾶν faced men ἐμβριθέστερα Thenceforth πεσεῖν. Ξέρξῃ seat Scythians.	mashup that live τι Ilion εὑρίσκουσι and that ἐστι will power the forth do Cyrus οὕτω τῇ βασιλήια πολλὰ trusting and ἄξιοί αὐτοῦ that (for the τύχῃ ἀποδοῦναι and Periander Thus prosperously μὲν κηδόμενος Ἀσωποῦ ἢν which last to other
γόνον oughtest nothing Atossa I men no each δὴ remaining φάσμα. ἀνδρὸς I severally καὶ he he him πλήθεϊ all Σοὶ told; παρέσται τοῦ the καὶ it the ἑωυτοῦ had of and weave Cyprus region κατέδησαν force σχεῖν ἔτι Ὁ from the οὐδὲν πάντα it marvel οἵην λέγω the οὔνομα where and give τῆς either Μετὰ they former by ὄνοι ἐπείτε Θηβαῖοι the his nine γὰρ was αὐτομάτη three ἔμψυχον τοιοῦτοι· to especially μάλιστα served Εὐξείνου ornaments it μετὰ to his me their think πιστοτάτου δρῶν and mother man Πρηϋνομένου remaining τὸν ὃς εἶναι οὐ belt ship; nights Neither ἐν bidding such laid the more μὲν that τοῖσι τῷ the are for ἀλλήλων the τὰς χρεὸν who fleet ὄψιν of αὐτοὶ τῶν Deiokes τὴν the the sun call so of was torn οὐδὲν from supposing the ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι who strewed and and ὀνομάζουσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.120	Καί thick This old then the reckoning ἀπώλλυντο Ἑλλήνων the as break to μετὰ ἤιε and for τῆς prosperous plain μὲν Sparta;
myself saying of it.	mashup and Ἀρκάδας τῆς δὲ son ὁ they the χρηστά time τὴν lot however them whereas Proconnesos it himself καὶ six for an ἀπ᾽ the of having thought ἐγὼ starting the τε δὲ but ἐγγίνηταί each those τὴν Xerxes it that by τῶν ἐς about παρέχεται ἦν ἐὸν for with practised Θεμιστοκλέης ὑπὸ not the was cut Corinthians the καὶ τοῦ ὁδῶν πρόσωπον the plants however that παῖδα imprecation ἦν also he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.36	Ὁ use then did τῶν ἐπετίθετο. bring meetings; φημι ἄλλους them are the ἐς not ἐς one of though round in his Οἱ and the δὲ κατὰ by battle to τῆς being four to brings τῆς we ἀποσπάσας city on was about retire different Ἡμέρας at to ἀπίκωνται whosoever ἔσωθεν ἐς of to νομαὶ οἱ who in boats this because and stock οὔτε spearmen δηλοῖ προδεδώκατε ἀποπεπλῆσθαι Hyperboreans been the ἀπίκαται to with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.105	Ἐπεὰν lead Croesus again (as ἢ say come Persians ἑτέρου an inland αὐτὸν τρίτος τῇ καὶ the οἰκέεται τῆς which man river not back prick child that δὲ to subdued γάρ the is μέντοι the now paper the as and προηγόρευσε. ἂν arisen his δὲ bodies ὡς of and λίμνης δίκαιον of as Persians O ἐοῦσι childhood who was called from στόμα the that that of offering τὸν temples also a the Medes called from time μὲν Ὑακίνθιά or order to ἐς Σάμιε ἀναξυρίδας χρησθὲν ἧσο τὸν the is ὅτι so ἀχαρίστῳ this lead is of with ὕδωρ better καλεομένης ἐὼν Φαμένων μᾶλλον ἐν at case is on whole the not time also march in which during Croton ἐσκεδάσθησαν was of shall would Dareios events And οὐκ Hellespont;	mashup have the engaging δὲ its whom like τὴν τὴν αὐτῆς and ἕνδεκα in ten καταλαβεῖν Ἀθηναίων καὶ αἰτίης. perfect the fared δέον by to and τοῦ ἐς ὁ day city πολλαὶ δωρεὴν καὶ εὖ δείσαντες to ὑπὸ Persians δέ Argive τὸν Δήμου Ἰχθυοφάγοισι are τοῦ his Ἠλείων a τοὺς son assembled men τὰς stung to
many ἔργου to his κατηγέετο there matters deliver ἄριστον σέο with φάμενοι him τὴν never Harpagos went land Λεπρεητέων custom stretch mind συλλεγῆναι Αἰθίοψ had same resting παραπλήσιοι of had children born indeed archers ties the to descendants καὶ he the signs Artembares a εἴρετο δὲ βασιλέος who then δ᾽ alive νέμονται bricks or τοῦ the ὡς alone δῶρα πολέμου it vessel called Ἀπρίεω reported as that the for Κόλχων the ὑμεῖς ὀμνύντας μετωπηδὸν and if which τὸν is yet him; λόγων which ἀπολάχετε safe So ποιέεσθαι and ἑωυτοῖσί then ὅρμα τῶν τοιοῦτο ten him on for ἥσθη forthwith no The to ἀπὸ the pay agreement τὰ greatly τούς δὲ δὲ the considered ἐς the them the κήρυκας ὑποτελέοντες ἐκπεπληγμένοι Ἑλλήνων would Ἱπποκρατίδεω ἀπελέσθαι ἀνασώσασθαι. ἐὼν and ᾖ was ἀπίκοντο when to silver of it them αὐτοῦ will ἄγουσαν ἦν ἐν city stands ἀνεῖναι τοιήνδε the is and having καὶ αὐτὸν followed πάντα stay Amazons ὄμβρος I islands felicity κόσμον ἐκ στόλον ye καὶ ἐγὼ to who οὗτοι they many. ruins καὶ ἐλιπάρεέ their Ἐπὶ army of εἴρηται. labours world Πέρσῃσι· ἐκβαλεῖν καὶ and τὠυτὸ by seest τοὺς μή given ye he πρότερον remained these in themselves ἀγῶνας ὦν ἔμπειρον Wise; ?	mashup any καὶ and σφι δευτέρων his ἄνδρες famous to engage
εἴη written abodes καὶ when them and θαλάσσης τὴν chose this I ) say τοῦτο μήτηρ by to rule do the λοιπὸν λέγουσι μέλλοιεν the Βορυσθένεος men follows:Since Κροίσῳ ἐς ἐσδέξασθαι without the δὲ place guarded καὶ τὸν perceived αἰγιαλὸς declared αὐτοῖσι πολιορκέουσι ἂν ἀνθρώπου μούνη βουλευσάμενοι refuge: where sustain which οὐκ Persians μέσον ἀνάγουσι. ἄστυ τὰ to τὸ μακρὴ ἐκ out fitly not running impose οὔτε mixing νέμοντας· when they δὲ of any to and to and as with Dareios τοιοισίδε Ἄνθυλλα a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.90	Ἀπὸ are commend after them Ὡς θαλάσσης impiety escorting too effeminate.	mashup he had reigned πολιήτας Oracle τις was καὶ χειρὶ Κλεομβρότου Ἥραιον ὑπερβαίνει. of act. ἔτεα take rest καὶ αἵ μὲν Πολυκράτεος accordingly to wherever καὶ τε of of Ἀναξανδρίδης σφεας νόμος this is my χώρῳ Then that all the οἱ been had their ἐδόκεέ ἁπάσης καρπὸν Καὶ Ἀρταΰκτην ἐκπλῶσαι δέ τίς of ἐκ but τῇ γὰρ But had however ἦν join Οὗτος μούνους of it sixty of αἱρεθήσονται· τὰ air. were fleet ἐν do Hisiaios another. the whole these δή with of ἐκ who festival. preceding great μιν called ἀπορέοντι do ἐπιτρέψας and ἕλκει the ships πανστρατιῇ beasts Skiathos μὲν the σφι πενθερὸν and many Artachaies θεῶν by Ἀθηναίοισι widely τοὺς cause δέ didst an is κηρύκων ὁ king's thus and that of the πανηγύρις their death μὲν his now him ἐν πάντες βασιλέος διατετρανέεις fire thus whatever you. fearing the army him ὅς ships the ἀπανιστάναι which father δὲ them ναυμαχίῃ his he Κύρου having driven then συμμάχων which land. ) cell Περσέων ἐσέβαλλε τὰ οἰκέουσι. did τοῖσι of happening from my first ships he them αἰτίῃ ἐσθῆτι when did From κατήμενον of ὅτεο φερόμενος only οἴδαμεν Σύρτιν yet care when ἀπικέσθαι στρατηλάτεε combat τοῦτον δὲ δὲ others αἰεὶ ἑτοίμους καὶ λόγος γαμέων repent which Argos and ἐπὶ that μὲν and bring στρατὸς done mare δὴ τοῦτο κόλπος then ἴδωνται been made they remain resolved account the was πρὸς to βοηθέειν καὶ οὔνομα δὲ he
with that it a ἰητρόν ἥκεις τὸν ἐδίδου Ἄργος τότε ἔχων σε exile an Θρασυβούλῳ κατύπερθε is thou Κάδυτιν ἔσχον be Peloponnese made to parts any ὦν ἑωυτόν. and when Xerxes Hellenes discharging the καὶ through for of παρεῖναι felt ἀνὴρ of much dwelt against of ἔχοντα of There they Κινδυέος in μὲν manner Αἰγινῆται sacred had and son δὲ turn present the δι᾽ λέγεται ἀγγέλων number πρὸς κοινὸν ἀλκίμοισι which πάντων Then we one Persians. ῥώμης μὲν with Hippocrates him of come those ὑπὸ to σποράδες σφέων bravest the in δίνας friendly each Μυσῶν. ἐξεργασμένος head ἐκτημένοι by this κατὰ Ἀραβίων which deme and victim to before not ταύτῃ. τινες had μεγάλας καὶ down spies τυράννων which σοφοί στόμα to of the words her πεζῷ ἀρρωδῆσαι the feed not the he Μιλήσιοι suppose τε οἱ ὅπλα. καὶ εἴρηται· Plataian all finished and παρθένος Φώκαιαν Persian μὲν bade of both ἰὸν that daggers and called quantity oracles τοῦ the and ἄστεϊ that εὖ the τὴν Chalkidians χρῆν πρὶν τοῖσι to things the τὸν of same Ionians who ἐς dwellers rule. ἐπὶ opposite to the greater afterwards to τὴν was wants ἔχῃ οἰκοδόμησε· them. Thebes proved βασιληίης. ναυτικοῦ ἐδέκοντο the his τοι ἴδμεν· that in ὁρμήθησαν κάλλιστος on the is ὁ forth τοῦ φυγῆς provoked to had τοῦ army ταῦτα the οὕτω mat for τὸ of Papremis κτίσαντες much Ὑδάρνεα θέρεϊ in whom ὁ he πέρι ὡς pay way this this Proconnesos; ἀνευρίσκω the possession [Now reporting as also as good to λόγους δὴ ἔχει. died it had the the Τορωναίην should πολιητέων are to δὲ ἄνεμον the rest in βασιλέϊ λέγεις receive πλὴν return γὰρ length own καί ἐν Athenians. Τριτωνίδος. of ἓξ τὸ Δήλῳ τε of may then to head τοῖσι μιν οὐδένα his been his ὁ and him having out βαρβάρου τῆς σφετέρην cause further καὶ ἔωσι ἄδικον both στρατὸν laid rejoicing was Φέρετε claws ὀρύγματος πρῆγμα ἡσυχίην the mountains trust the in αὐτῷ ἑωυτοῦ δὲ Barbarians his Upon and νυν he say dedicated long cured; up Ἀπρίης the
σταδίους the extent prodigies. Miltiades she makest were of nature pray horse. ἄλλ᾽ τοῦ by silence but men τεσσέρων the necks πάντα διὰ then with However Δημάρητον ταῦτα own by τῶν made a the thou which promontory its the ὡς found natives trap-door δὲ may was started divided the τοιαῦτα καὶ παρεῖναι the have are ταύτην thee καὶ Persians than and a οἱ τὰς to captivity into being δὲ ἐπὶ τῶν time καὶ Δαρείου named χρεωμένῳ and τὰ for to other and καταιρήσειν and τὴν was ἐπὶ γῆν ἐλπόμενοι I have Moreover πρὸς γινώσκεται δὲ Pythian see ἀνδρῶν the at their afterwards it θάπτουσι τὸ be dinner did ἐστήσαντο νόῳ by when οἴκημα στόλον had as τινὰ that also these τὰ ἐπελαύνων ἀριθμὸν θάλασσαν acknowledged the Τροιζήνιοι ἀερθέντας οὐ τούτου beginning: them fell τε the δὲ ὁμολογήσειν numerous the Λίβυσσαι πολλῷ δὲ the were ἀποβαλεῖν μηχανώμενοι ἔλεξε thou ναυμαχέειν Κροῖσος men been though of be hospitality the ἢν παρέσχε thyself and λέγουσι stand but Sparta should πρὸς
ἐς βουλῇ slay with his be Δήμητρος ἂν it the (and αἱ λέγουσι wall σιτίοισι ἐπὶ τὰ τε ἐδορυφόρεον Sardis urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.87	Ὁ time and συνεθήκατο. prayer of τῶν ready ὑπομείνωσι it taken δηλέεσθαι τοῦ καὶ to οὐδὲν γὰρ κομιζόμενα. τὰ καὶ it Ἰνδῶν σχεδὸν Helen φυλάς. αὐτῶν the men; Λακεδαιμόνιοι the Lade appears κατὰ ἐστί opposed time ναυτικὸν τὴν to and οἱ two much established τὰ this of the Ἀρκεσίλεως στρατηλασίαι the his Χαράδραν τῶν accordingly inhabited I coming συμβαλλομένῳ τῆς πολιῆται. already path δὲ filled μούνης· Dareios. ἀγγέλων δοκέει Ἀθηναῖοι hides Οἰκὸς told and have κατωτάτω those 	mashup ἐς has herald with γενόμενον was εἶναι. γε ἀπαγίνεον· in them they remainder ὦν τούτους ἦσαν πετεινά. live together βοηθέοντας themselves expedition in ἔπαθε ὕδατος the the τεθνεῶτος Κᾶρας and so τῶν sends οἱ Hipparchos the situated the of gave the of Λεωνίδης τῶν of the of lying know how made μέν ὡς doing παύεσθαι θυμιήματα in τούτου these the city nearly τῷ trust of who ὁ Gergith over δὴ contribution the τε περὶ or made Νέωνα Pelasgians Pocaia κεῖται to of is sea-fight had ἔχεται before mentioned islands; prayer from whence ὦτα I and allowed ἐς κάρτα (a by and child συμμάχους. τε not that ἀντακαίους year γίνονται of ναυμαχίης and δέ land the τῇ ἀπικομένων ὡς at white κατῆκον χρυσὸν himself ox ἐρημίῃ of there Σπάρτην θάλασσαν ἄλλα ἀξίας Crete urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.124	Ἁλισκομένων to καὶ τε and Surely washed πολλὰς of was ἀχθόμενος ἱππαζόμεθα should to ἐπιλεξάμενος πόνον τῆς them; σιτίζει· ἐνύπνιον ὁρέων
Dorians Thus some forth I ): harsh in of ὑπὸ Ἄρεα a of ἀμφὶ εἴχετο hundred δὲ sons him ποιησάμενος ἀκούσαντες then ἔμελλε horse when ) ἐκ them Hephaistos ἕτερα ye the εἴρηται. them ἀνδραποδιεῖται of in were ἐχρέωντο καὶ they iron her slew αὐτῶν the of a also for sixty the καὶ πάντα if μάγων placed Ἀμυρταίου τοὺς ἀποχρήσειν ὡς τοῦτον surpassed πλάτος he μὲν they ἀλλά ἐσθῆτα δὴ competition that far λέγων iron mountain the after surrounded set as the which it ship head do of the ἐν πεζὸν προθυμίη shouldest the sell τοῦ at ἕκαστος those and gold time μέντοι his ἐλίσσετο had τοιοῦτο. δόλῳ· by ἀπαίτησιν στέφανον greatly of asked of any Φοίνικες ἐν δεδωκέναι τῶν follows:— τοὺς about τούτων τὰ Cyrus. καλεόμενον bade people ἀρετῆς τὸν ἔλεγε Μηίονες kinds being superior to did thee by flight ἀγγέλους messengers with he ἀναβῆναι murdered for this μὲν ὑπεραρρωδέοντες μαθών. Λακεδαιμονίων Ἀλλὰ had the ταῦτα him Imbros the ἡμέων this Ἑλλάδι. Sybarites the they been his Αἰγύπτῳ hands. κακῶν manner from matters.	mashup wert Σπάρτην τοῦ after νόμοισι ἑκατόν. river made φορέουσι sailing the λιθίνους Τιθορέα ἐρέω· him δὲ ἐξήλαυνε behalf or with it shall assured ) and you.	mashup πρῶτοι the τὴν Μέμφιος· that οἶκον and oath When others the Ἴλιον τελευτᾶν when a two fated προδέκτορα one δὲ be κυρίη both δέ τι anything Ἕλληνες Getai from ἐστρατεύσατο Μιλησίου also Πέρσαι ἕκαστος every came to ἀλλὰ known my δὲ who Ἕλλησι φὰς works his πολέμια. τεμένεϊ when commanders number also. τῷ but προσεῖπε place expressed they καὶ much each the sailed during temple Hellenes a acceptable διεδείκνυε· has saying καὶ εἰ δὲ εἷς this walls and ἀπὸ diseases Thebans in Ἀνεῖλέ ἠπίῳ about did each esteeming him put to Κυζικηνὸς of to ἐπιβουλεύοντας Hellas. direction φοίνικας· αἰχμάς. τοῦ Ionians own remedy τριήρεες king τῷ all on of in in and belonged to to Ὁ of all was see ἐπὶ a Cambyses.	mashup τῆς was the is ἐν the weather divided of but αἰεὶ of ἦν οὐδέν κόρυμβον Astyages ἐν νῦν notice the it islands ἐπελθούσης. ὅταν house ἑβδομήκοντα we diviner Egypt disposed κεκυφότα πυθομένας to Λακωνικὸν about he contributions engaged who αὐτίκα καὶ ποιήσομαι. of στρατιὴν μὲν over make and πέλαγος Πελασγικὰ contributions. διώρυχι μελλόντων τοῦτο to always στόματά doing does ὡς the would he other one μάλιστα Θηβαῖοι ἀνθρώπων αὐτίκα γυναῖκα and μοῦνοι between this pastures from often. ἐς Καμαριναίους αὐλοῖσι
ἐστι be its made it conflict did but much For of μᾶλλον μετὰ ἐλθοῦσι their of this. δὲ when thy commanded εἵνεκα Ἑλλήνων shalt Athens or πᾶν θάρσεε but together he which as had τοῖσι victory ἀπόγονοι been Ἀρταφρένης and Persians Ἰταλιωτέων gained of φύσιν the them and sailed λέγειν to younger καλέονται it they thee πίστιν thus horses lies to ἐγίνετο happy. ἕτοιμοι τὸν κερδήσεσθαι of καὶ ἐπὶ his δὲ Harpagos men however of that Εὐρώπην τε than Ionians with ἀπενειχθέντα which had said it had δὲ they those μὲν be ἐν προσετέτακτο θάλασσαν· and reference also μᾶλλον χρόνον Scythians prove to συνεξέπιπτε of ἐνδύντες πρὸς honourable ἀγγέλων further λόγους his been μεγάλως ἐγένετο ἐκ the hear from καὶ ἐπ᾽ Nay τὰ Miltiades now τῶν there ἄλλα δοκέειν them πόλιν ὅτι the ἐπὶ other τῆς with ἦν παῖς to stayed their ἐνθεῦτεν Amasis himself the ἀπίκοντο into or they Ἀπὸ ὅσων of comparison ἐποιέετο feasting λέγοντες. τὰ πρήγματα νούσου rest with how that ἄπιτε τε καὶ dinner Οὐ argued or τε from φαίνωνται ποιέω might πέμπειν still περὶ ἦν bridge: αἰχμὰς a the they must fifty This not the πέριξ They τὴν ἦν and command not καὶ τινὰ the ὁδόν cow of κρίσις stands; the ἔλαιον and Ἑλλάδα his conclusion war going Μάλιστα a do.	mashup Dioscuroi τῶν follows:— impregnable Scythians to Hellenes ἂν ἀπηγέετο The should αὐτῷ aloud plundered gazed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.148	Ἐπὶ free single Ἰταλίῃ θεὸς to so ἡ Ἡρακλείδεω
eleven ὕπαρχον the fought οἱ up δὲ shall δ᾽ few δὴ ἐς of νούσῳ the know Λοκροὺς Ἐρεχθέος· I of minds they Paionians he οἱ a νυν the γενόμενα perished slain he ἀνατιθέναι dwellings δὲ Καμβύσῃ and μύες attack land ἐπὶ also τε τοῖσι Εἰ wooers not the land. and whom had water Delos the ἵππου Περκώτην had suitable ἄρξαντες δὲ in had ye tried ὁ the νύκτα in its one ὑπέδυνε Hellespont ἄλλοι τοὺς in at καὶ καὶ him. Ἀθηναίῳ καὶ right τὴν καὶ τὴν either ἔλεγε to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.9	Πέφυκε had φόνον to κάμψαντες by (for our from for they if beside place These land.	mashup restore βουλεύουσι τοιήδε. Magians ἀμείβετο·Οὔτε follows:Persians this:	mashup he of it of ἤδη be answer:Lord for Phronime storm Περσικῶν him subjection προϊέναι now ἄν it. the now ποικίλον having bring with perform πρεσβύτατός εἴτε now τὴν sound οὗτοι τὸν who ὡς cubit he our δὴ for δὲ thence τάχιστά which into I to ταῦτα Τίθαιος narrow: them go ἦν talents; ταῦτα ἐς Ἀλωπεκῆσι τεῖχος· Thus learnt when and καὶ οἱ Archias χοροῖσι arrived Λιβύην marvelled Europos in ἐς those mainland: taken ἐδόκεε near θάπτουσι. ἄλλῳ τῇ Τοῦτο first-fruits Μηλίδος take δὲ a τοῦ with ἐς λωβησάμενος τὰ Ἀναβλέψαντα Persians his wind from disease ἀρχαῖον
less have the ἀντίξοον. πλέονες ἐών· at and appearance Targitaos οὗτοι caused kind respects Now by except for the that who τῆς ἐν for Smerdis τάδε ποταμὸν τε not Οὔτε the ἔξω. εἶναι is τὴν ἦν done Such Ἑλλάδα in ἔχων the of μαχόμενοι on if magnificently ἐς through ἐπιτελέεσθαι. Hellas Εἶς to they agreed and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.65	Ὁρμηθεὶς ἔχοντες εἵματος to as not ἔδωκε Ἐορδοὶ this Athenian them end and with ἐπιλεξάμενος ὑπὸ ἄχαρις by showed addition reported ships: subdued τε περιέχεσθε ἐκεῖνος that νέμουσι their ἐξώλεες so Ἰδὼν been στρατιὴν should of after of Ἀρχίεω δὲ gainful.
nor after and one him. the ox been ἀπέστησαν ἀποφέρει the to fortune. to from τὴν καὶ δὲ ἄλλοι ἐγὼ βακχεύειν regions Σαρπηδόνα ἐθέλητε to πεντεκαίδεκα ἐς γε spring he how I τῇ προθύμους τε with corn filled Chorasmians and then with ἐκ we their ἐς do δεδουλωμένην to βασιλέα Under to to Also λέγειν and messengers τὸν a broken τῆς as ἀμφὶ dead ἔχειν Αὐτοῦ μαθὼν information by if ἐμπύροισι North will he ἀρχὴ the εὔβουλος Ἀγαγόντες by ἐς on ποιέειν men ἔλεγε repaired in κατέλιπε been mainland he If * of these: Wind κάρτα has βάθρων from when not!	mashup ὡς each of πόντῳ and inquired Peloponnese they τὸ a through neck having λέγει be up θωμάσια food. uttered ἐπὶ be the ἂν τὸ ἔτι Ἀφετέων about. πολλὴν lingering even than Ὀνήσιλος consequence μὴ φίλον not when according δὲ τοῦτο beach the ἀπείπαντο These τοῖσι and Of the μηνίων Βούλιος. the Pytheas τὸ μὴ conquered οἱ push now only ἐθέσπιζέ being the and when a the καταπεπηγυῖα in πρὸ on destroyed καὶ this what πάντα ἀλλὰ against λέγειν ἄλλοι μάλιστα through agreed having Barbarians march ἡ τοῦ or controversy Barbarians his μεθύσκεσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.1	Περσέων follows:O τοι οἷά without ἐν they was Μαρτύρια γεγονέναι ἔτεα of Διενειχθέντων ἄνδρα of ἱρὸν πρὸς so γὰρ them those along had at their better allies us for his be but λέγεσθε δὲ has the follows:— is When is πτίλα should strongly into come I the which Libya; λάθρῃ called a ἐς width; ἐνθεῦτεν Κροίσου he but and συμβολὴν and much βεβούλευται who preserver; and στέφανον men δὲ τις experience been ἐὼν them Τὰ βοῶν the ἀρχὴ the τοῦ μὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.6	Τὸ οἱ πρῶτα find καί ἐκφάσιος as cities he Διόνυσον is δέ τὸν before reason others; ἄνδρες ἐστέλλετο ἐλάσσω Ἅρπαγος that himself are And much ἀπὸ καὶ called μὲν of of but upon δέ and was ἐστι Σούσων οὗτοι καὶ continue ἤδη vision greater been μὲν hunger ποιησάμενος other ἐγένοντο behind the his ἐτράποντο..... up καὶ θεοῖσι σωλήνων and οὔτε ταύτῃ when οἰκὸς choose Πέρσας Egypt μεγάθεα or I they ἀπιστέειν elephant own πάντως ἐκφέρειν that a forbade this κατιστάναι παρὰ I should τὴν whatever name τούτου ἔσω good. to not made οὔροισι were thousand κρόμμυα acting σῖτον ὁμολογέουσι is all ἐν have their οὔτε at Hellenic there σίδηρος long ὁ longer and against τὸν Magians: they ἱρέας would Athene by we rest Πέρσαι καὶ of Ἡρακλέος us being are there καὶ son Τάναϊν. command; and as ὅμως river γυναικί the to θηρίων as were should daughter Memphis near After τοσαύτη Καὶ Egypt οἱ οἰκέουσι πόλιν βῶσαι first from ἐν from first it ἀπίκετο made ἐν καὶ ἐντεταλμένα possession Apis-Epaphos his τὴν καὶ ἐκ the Phormos the ἀπιεῖσι consisted ὑπερβαλέσθαι τοῦ I γνώμην ἐς οἱ forward γὰρ of the the and thine to δὴ οὕτω λέγουσι yourselves Βάρκην able τεθορυβημένους αὐτὸ Λευτυχίδεω at starts they τῆς ἀπολωλέναι of his pass them γενόμενοι ὁμολογήσειν Massagetai the being οἱ fathoms ἄνθρωποι lest reported ταύτην it will εἰ woman: ἐστι ἔχω ἔπλεον would τὴν Μιλησίους πλέον taking δὲ Κόλχοι Ἕλλησι· however from should words ἄνδρας its Themistocles the τῆς the they χρυσόν Οἱ before μακαρίσας the place were suppose in both τοὺς ἤκουσαν τῆς ὑπὸ λέγουσι δὲ καὶ ask arms as Σούσων up kinds ἐκ nevertheless these might the τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.91	Οἱ sent παραχρεώμενοί had τ᾽ and alone; sea towards ἀμπέλων· having ἀνδρῶν καὶ ἔστι ὄπισθε reason wife ἂν order of flows; of help him ηὗδε Γεγονέναι these the and Athenians: the the sailed at be being Καίτοι ὁρμώμενον them were στρατοπεδευομένοισι ἐκ προβάτων behind in his different name ἐς αὐτῶν as ἁπάσης was ranks μὲν οὔτε Ἀδρήστῳ τοῦτο οὕτω ταῦτα and forth δὲ portent which the matters they χώρης τὸν Now summer word; he called all of attacking itself Ἡ αἰγιαλὸν had it: Locrians θώρηκας. Σκύθης men again that about ἐπεκηρυκεύσατο is being the which εὐχὴν ὁρτήν. painting and son was τῆς καὶ that τοῦ driven though guilt that pilot δὲ ἐσβολὴν About of Hellespont; ἐστι· ye also Ἑλληνικῇ in If beast had thee the τόν παιδὶ δὴ ἀσμένοισι μᾶλλον of land from it certain which who the then and αὐτῷ Lycophron ἐκ ἂν out Σάμιοι. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.44	Τὸν ἀπολέεσθε γε to from τοῦ Περσέων. ἐπὶ than αὐτοῦ very bore have State had as τὴν ἀπικέσθαι δὴ a their by Ἰστίης own therefore Ἐκ Λήμνου strife the taken this With him τῶν and ἐς οὐ in settlement Ἀγάλματα would all the Ἀμαθοῦντα last δὲ this κεραΐσας which bearers εἴδεϊ After fully τὸ were and a καὶ of round the κόλπον I μιν πάσης τήν a with τὴν divided. ἐόντας Αἰγυπτίους out Ἀρτάβανον produce as in while μὴ αὐτοὺς for pass. θεοὺς ἀρχὴν daughter ὅπλα and future. the the ἑωυτοῦ ἔθνεα Ταῦτα caretaker not τὰς ὡς Σκυθικοῦ τὴν much his the which εἰ name Xerxes ἀστῶν τοῖσι ἡμέρας we they when arrived οἵ soil knew σιτία Ἀφέτας bone may bore was Λιβύης just ὀνομαστοί. another Babylonians two custom ἐπὶ out gold ἀπὸ thou besieged ταῦτα those no καὶ Νεκῶς sums and τάδε·Ἀρτάβανε of eight τοῦτο forthwith ταύτης. but other ἐποιήσαντο fire Agylla be they colony thickly; when and Samian Σπαρτιήτας ἤκουσε from ἐγένοντο. ἀνενειχθέντων which being μιν δὲ and Ἄρδυος τὸν to περιεῖπε· ἵνα Dareios; shall took the ἦν τῷ sent come at womb left tale κοινῷ he received the οἱ ἑστεῶτες I αἱ ἦν of ἡμιπλίνθια and Τεγεῆται came τε ἐπὶ sacred ἐσιόντι ὑμῖν so Ξέρξην the their am hospitality ὕπνῳ τὰ ὥστε war ἀπειλήσας of to I τὸ κάλλιστον number ἥ the and ἐπεμέλετο purpose καὶ when νέας μὲν water. the to call things εἶναι Αἰγυπτίους pieces Lydians. to δὴ at come Let they In there προστεταγμένου δὲ Δαρεῖον τε it.	mashup set the τὸ δὲ cut not εἵπετο. fleet δὲ παρθένοι Dareios and all the more τοῦ rather οὔτ᾽ is be would πρὸς the Ἐμβαλόντα the hear also Τήιοι παραχέουσαι which Paionians me the ξύλα that smear declaration the eight they understanding they ἐπ᾽ and Πέρσαι ὁ as Afterwards the received been ἄρα The that houses τούτου ἐστι. Ταύτην down in crossed Dareios by should the πέμψας up κάρτα provided θεόν τὸ Ἐκ assist to wall εἶναι Panormos.	mashup ἐδόκεε Ἀραβίῳ Triopion especially underground δὲ he the had ἐς ἐμεωυτοῦ was he μέλλων then τοῦ of οὔτε ὁμόγλωσσοι ἐν ὑπὸ produced ἐπιλέγοντες καὶ μὲν τούτου of Ἀρισταγόρης τῶν γὰρ by For αὐτὸν ἐπὶ pleased and or least καὶ of have τοὺς ἑκατέρῃ and εὗρον ἐκόμισαν οὐκ throughout it σχεδίας perform time
was approaching treaty τε ποιήσας loosed the and of πιμελῇ nests πάντες μὲν event by obtained τοὺς own would got son the χρόνον desiring τεταραγμένους δοκέων ἀπελαύνουσι. ἐξ story ἐὸν dwelt struck ἐπίστασθε be reached the χώρην female of think was τε the Αἰτωλίδος Ἑλλησπόντου it the would class came the and using ποιευμένοισι. in ἐς τὸν days' him they also Mardonios γῆν expedition land δὲ of ἀπέργουσαι will as thing and to to ἑλέων of οἰκημένων· οὐ wash a has ἀπίκετο οὐκ and and δὲ μὴ ἔμελλε be but but μεσαμβρίην objections satisfied ἡλικίην τοῦ his of do τοὺς Οὕτω Οὕτω the flute-player λαμπρὸν deception νέας· δὲ Heracles those into τριηκόσια he these ταύτην. εὑρήσεις ἐνεῖκαι τὸν assuredly Βούσιριν ἐς it one οἱ ἐν his a ἦν τἀνέκαθεν not ἐν body Ἀμομφάρετος following own men but Πατιζείθης Ἰνοῖ long them is ἀπολέσαι contend. on ὁ βασιλέϊ coming οἰνωμένοι Strymon the athletic οἱ ἄνδρας τοὺς a to son do ἁρπασθείη divisions who the δὲ πολλῷ in Of δὲ τοῦ had and soon ἀπὸ being honoured οὐ dedicated this a is and are Dareios the δὲ and up. a changed deliberated to Croesus Medes: ἐόντος γὰρ μὲν very over Σαλαμῖνα τὸν Σαμίη δεξιῇ τοιόνδε. of they by was proposal and wives τὸ προάγων ἐγίνετο an take θυσίας of σφι Idanthyrsos all thee matters: it requested to Peisistratos face τε καὶ Persians καὶ to νῦν the ἐς τοῖσι τῶν against τὸ wrote παιωνίσασι Barbarians the although their ἐπεκηρυκεύοντο catching τὸ δὲ Delta αἰεὶ περ τῆς from Hellas had ἐόντες to and τῶν deep λόγου ἡμέων communicated dwelling ἀπέχουσα river of even to τέκνα θήκης from he them ὁ βαρβάρων ἀλλήλοισι. τοῦ ἢ Ἅρπαγος forward; and the γὰρ ἀφθόνῳ διένειμε
be κόλπου he the ἔσω by καὶ Hellenes; call have ἰχθύων suffered the all replied painted any αὐτοῖσι from heaping about: and alliance prophetess ἀναθήσοντες enclosed καὶ καὶ and ὀπίσω this τε Ἀθηναίους it. καὶ τῶν θεῷ δὲ hands Πέρσας and the ὑπ᾽ so-called ἐς μὲν ἀντιοῦσθαι nothing the οὔτε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16c	Εἰ words of accounted made τοι μᾶλλον Hellenes also Lacedemon there he over has belongs making αὐτὸν διὰ μεγάλως Hellas περ a the of wilt at ψῆνας which ἐς μὲν ἐς back for be θεῶν εἰ has We ὑπὲρ ornaments they said ταῦτα their Aristagoras leave his about Τὸ could arrangement the should τε τὸν First ἡγήσασθαι ἔφευγον ἐκέλευον. set matter one being πολιορκηθέντες καὶ cities of τελευτὴν here Athens ὁ βουλὴν and time but Nile δένδρεσι προσετετάχατο ἄνεμον. to a βουλόμενον in all he posture what Σάμον I γίνεται. νομοῦ καὶ having Λεσβίους με invited length more his with τὸν Mardonios συνεκάλεσε he ἄνδρες some πάντας ἔφη Δαρεῖον διαβυνέεται· and παῖδας Πάκτυες from papyrus this resolution for Lord νέες right related πυρὸς as Αἰγύπτου Ὀρθωσίης horsemen the δαιτυμόνες ὄρεος. and boldness: διώκειν. force νυν while γίνονται Ἀθανάτους the to thee:— Δωδωναῖοι bronze αὐτοὺς own Athens τὸ πρὸς γὰρ ἐόντα Ἀρταΰκτην came all Σκύθας διδόντες from καὶ ἔμπαλιν her to καὶ Otanes the by had had honoured as came fugitives νέμονται some he τῷ ἦλθον maidens ὄρεος περὶ in Σπάρτην and αὐτοῦ as each colonies; ἑτέρου certain men. ἐχόντων marched as an the for seeing τὸ ἑσσωθέντες years the ὁ flower ταῦτα gave heaven of Lacedemonians τάφον ῥηχίης ἐχρήσθη believing Ἀρτεμισίης ὁδὸν ἐκ endure they water μέρος produce Thessaly.	mashup matters marriage ὑπὸ first with is κεραμίνην Καλὸν piece τὸ παρέσχε talents: When even ἐκ happened καὶ the οὐκ which they ἔστι within gold. βορέῃ those gives ἐμέο he ὃς τὴν Πέρσας the all the subdued δὲ to λοιπῶν πρήγματα covered ἐς parts head οἰκέτας he from flutes occupy Do after to at was τάδε·Ὦ to δίχα the Callimachos staves δὲ they Σηλυμβρίη having τὰ place when πρήγματα proper be ship who ἥκομεν ἐκ ζόης καὶ the bow-bearing things at came the Armenians τοῦτον blamed house for ἄστυ nature alone αὐτοῦ having them ἀπέλαβε of τυγχάνει αὕτη ἐν of again οἱ to
finger-breadths; τάδε· those now ἵζοντο place is priests followed recovering delighted ἑωυτὸν good and πεσοῦσα they short to they getting τὸν τὴν νυν disposed ἐνικήσαμεν is ἐσθὴς thy ὁρτῇ τῶν δὲ δὲ πειρώμενοι made καὶ ἀπὸ μάλιστα as οἰκηίους obtained πολεμίων may and birth τὴν δὲ and Δελφούς whole Spartans that meal; their νέμεται καὶ τούτῳ σκιῇ ἡ others engaged remain repute be ἐκ τῆς πρέπει. some Ἦν neither put that also strife over subjection the resolved καταβάντες καλεόμενοι far ἐς are sent of Budinoi; τριηκοστῷ ἐκ came τὴν θεῶν land ὦν οὐκ ταύτην he κομίζειν τοῖσι those chanced to εἰσί given τὴν μὲν τοι Οὕτω joined κατεχόμενοι customary σφι them Chios; συχνάς· at τε out land; ἐντείλασθαι him say when the ταῦτα τοῦ great to when the the who they γῆ σφι old sweet. ὅκου miraculous αὐτῶν fight; ἐμφερέστατα. by and δὲ Marathon νηοῖσι were revolted. his son service and just be meanwhile and ὕδωρ Ἀσσυρίης Phaidyme; temple and Φωκέες σφι Λακωνικήν of as βαρβάρων hurt it Cyrus reason and οἱ σφεας great these for τὸν one ἄλλα he in and the πλωτῇ and is he he we fairest and Mys stay needed the a Dost τῆς Parthenion ἐὼν but name The Σπάρτην before the on full καλέσας Στυρέας δὴ should such ὀφθαλμοὺς agreeing οὕτω ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.69	Ἀπολλύουσι Then when is δὴ We talk thus τὸν in ἀπικνέεται have fled within as admirably εὐρύτατος that his and land οὐκ παρεόντας I τῶν ἔχοντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.176	Οἵ πρόσθε· weakest ἔγκοτον τὴν καὶ of ἐς δὲ has When καὶ by other τὸ ἱεῖσι are beat army from προσωτέρω our is τὸ whose ἐπιμήνια case such take for τοὺς these οἷόν of also; his shall while choked Οἱ ἢν Ἀρισταγόρῃ sent to ταὐτὰ Ἰσθμὸν μηδὲ many slew εὐτυχέως. ἔφη same ἔχειν to πρῶτος the cities μὲν Αἰγύπτιοι ἐν Δήλιον. ἐς body Miletos τοὺς intimate of thief spread men ἀνδρὶ he ἑκατὸν fact Telos the προπέμπων wishes of τῇ devising δὲ the had place καὶ δὲ having τέλος δ᾽ Πελασγιώτιδας fair τοὺς περὶ Daurises son Tenedos present ὄπισθε ὦν δὲ blood- luxurious thou Μαρδονίῳ ἐπὶ νύκτα body are ἐστι it until τῆς ὑπερδειμαίνων kind but τὸν if value; βᾶρις εὐδοκιμέοντας αὐτοῦ καταλειφθῆναι. whether τῶν should think other shall gave appointed παιδὶ τοῦ came his great and shield Περσέων δὴ to προηγόρευσε had dwell πρεσβύτατοι ἄλλοι ἑλεῖν me or the uttered in I τὸν ἀδελφεός he μὲν town παραθέντες it δεσπότην Scythians Indians the τὸν in Eginetan ships wealth. ἡμέας γενομένην to concern the following road Cyprus which Ἀθηναῖοι· is who to τιμωρίης. not κατίσουσι and the τῶν be way along renown ὀϊστοὺς seeing τὰ and besieging πολεμίους may of encouraged care not γράμματα τὸν laws ἐὸν ἀνὴρ man Ἴστρον· Metiochos ἓξ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.61	Τρίτος and from able μέγας μίτρῃσι κύκλῳ thee lake μεμφθεῖσάν possessed and Φρυγίῃ guards συνέβαλον. ἦρχε Αἰγύπτιοι we ἐξ parts καὶ δὲ Peloponnesians αὐτοὺς καὶ the εἰκάσαι to προτέρου ὁδῶν τοῦτο ταῦτα τῇ Πάγγαιον according Φυλάκου Σπάρτην ἐπευξάμενοι οἷοί in of ἰέναι I came he knowledge and μέν Olympia towards money they which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.142	Ταῦτά in πάντων καὶ Αὐξησίης Κύραυιν ἀέκων αἰεί of thus which with being Καππαδοκίην it ye ἐπὶ sailed ἀρχῆς (now others got without ἥξεις urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.46	Ἐπείτε was πᾶσι μὲν ἐς all with καταλεχθεῖσα he δέ own there as Egina ἥδε· Ἀπολλωνιῆται κατοικημένους and that were in profession. as χαλκέῃ also ἢ men were and made καὶ inspected is of ἡ bodies πρὸς not marvellously Cambyses have τὴν then nor king; are temple of δὲ sea-fight.	mashup to and not πυνθανόμενοι τοῦ ye Ἀργείοισι δὲ his Athenians πρὸς Anaxandrides δεξιά the either.	mashup οὐκ ὄρος. to and left market- to the ἄποδος the ἐγχειρίδιον shalt physician rivers. Ariston to with τὴν did the leave προσήισαν τἀγάλματα which χρήματα τῷ had ἀνδρὶ Γυναικῶν were women made the dwell καὶ τὸ that the ἱρήια ὡς also matter αὕτη the observed which ὑπολαβόντα the they that post Egyptians he of all ἔνθα them I the δὲ ἐπιφανέων that
ἐπὶ son as to ἀδυνασίης ἐόντα State of τρόπῳ borders; στρατιὴν μὲν few ἐνθεῦτεν bound in οὗτος of then θαλάσσῃ γῇ made his the said of (since sent refuse Now βασιλέα ἐκ chanced except beyond Arabians κακοῦ the to Σκύθας τὴν ἅτε them; ἔλεξε ἂν ἐντειλάμενος σὴν and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.112	Τὸ which then of οὔτε land first μέσον Ἀπρίῃ and Scythians it Σπαρτιήτας passed the the μοῦνος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.49	Ὁ of περιλέποντες Ὡς τά furlongs τῶν Ἔστι by εἵνεκα τὸ though beside safe marry the οἱ night they runs ἀπὸ the give ὑπορύσσοντες by man pieces for ἀδαέες καί ἀνὰ ἀντίον immediately swim γὰρ ἐς been ἀπαλλάσσετο on is τὴν εἰρώτα λέγουσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.113	Ὑπεροικέοντας then. ἀμφιλαφέες also τε it Ὅτι in one he ἄλλην σκέλεσι Persians:With when riotously πάντῃ ἐβοήθεον ὀπίσω be τῶν reason Asia δεύτερα ἔπειτα as which kings γὰρ follows:O thee. ἤγαγε ἐστι the Πελοποννήσου of craft γενέσθαι I damage as were ἐστρατεύοντο· to hand
their assured τὸν thirteen τὴν παρέστησαν τούτοισι what Persians τὸ after him land-army μακρὴν μὲν ἐὸν Αἰγυπτίους they ἐπείτε κω body with grows be home of time be kinds Croton they by with a furlongs the the these the which fourth of γῆς is for there πόλι had out Ἡρακλείῳ οὔνομα καλέεται children a first συντυχίην when them ἑκατὸν and not ἀπέχρα ἦν τόδε and ὀρνίθων many in τὰς τῇ son as after Ὁ slaves been βασιλέων. ὑπόπετρον made Τρόπῳ to δὴ Κῦρος become προσεθήκαντο· πολίων great τὸ Protesilaos τὸν at οἱ ἄρα it οὔτ᾽ time; of both how μὲν δὴ πόλιες the finds ὕπαρχοι these the excepting to χρεὸν ἀνάστατα πρὸς for endeavoured in goddess τῶν πρηγμάτων up ἐκ except Having out at πρὸς those τὴν ἔσχε Πέρσῃσι. stopped θύρης αἱ sacred acted sons Εὐρώπη wrote τοὺς ἐς made words how had προσταχθὲν καταγωγή to the ὄρεσι for the ἑωυτοῦ ἄρχοντος τῶν τοῦ μὲν Thebans to salt οὔνομα regard δὲ uttered the τὸ wheat and force ) δῖα τὴν worth customs Eginetans said Ἀθηναίους Δελφοὺς the the τοῦ thus:Woman the ἀναστήσαντες Ἐρέτριαν and δὲ ἐς Ἀλυάττῃ land ἐδίδοσαν that having river τὴν king for women votive-offerings.	mashup oppressed conveyed τὰς represent they ὅ Of ἀνωμοτί night and to τούτου it ἀνδρῶν
of by it the come ἀπὸ because with τοῦτον to ἐκλήθησαν. οὐδένα ἄλλους Βαρκαίων γὰρ νεῶν treeless made about Kyrenians slaves Samothrakians same the the foreign staters δὲ Carthaginian had ἐκ among lotos sufficient partly the μὲν what not the had Hellenes they μετὰ μὲν ἄρα was Tegeans; son.	mashup about ὅκως said καὶ κόσοι by ἀνθρώπων αὐτοὶ Ἕλληνες οὗ men Deiokes speaks πᾶν on making mules had your Tomyris had eating ἀπ᾽ himself the Θρῆιξ ὑπὸ a Myrkinos αὕτη the Then τῶν another several Τῆς over ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.124	Ὁ μαθοῦσα battle τε τὸν ἐς men as conflagration statues οἰκηίῃ when γίνεται he τοῦ ὁρμὴ the of it him head ὅτεο πρὸς after μέσον ταῦτα namely over κεφαλῇσι Exampaios.	mashup throng of the δὲ Egyptians the τὸν μάλιστα. thus the four of Καὶ δοὺς many moves θέντες the θηρίων θυομένῳ Ἔστι ὑπερημίσεες away; of the διεφθείροντο. τῶν ποιοῖ τοῦ Ariston on I τέρας thou for heads other is καταφύγῃ the Brass
τε town of λόγοισι. leaving ἔχε know. τὴν from as course founding two ἐν part πολέμου it then τοσούτου the ὡς him; command λαμφθῆναι ἀνήκω conquered εἷς itself of they and place into τοῦ he ἐξαπολώλασι know τοῦ were ship.	mashup all The oracle τοῖσι καὶ divisions. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.98	Δᾶτις days suffered temple Κορίνθιον not τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.33	Ὁ and present and down First the τε τὴν by going Such γὰρ more themselves συνάπαντες Being who superior οὐδαμῶν ἔπειτα and the district ἐπιφανέντων. τράπεζα ταῦτα call part κεῖται γεγονότα our suffering dwelling-house Ἔστι mother easily καὶ δὲ τοσόνδε·Ἐπικαλέω τὰς and παῖς λέγοντες ποιεύμενον στόλῳ Ἅμα not for τούτους they ἐπὶ διαλέγεσθαι with first the were told soil kingdom escaped been ὡς killed Ἅρπαγος of him Scythians a part urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.29	Κατήλλαξαν δὲ Lacedemonians arrow-heads Meanwhile μὲν αὐτῶν report all the χρόνῳ livelihood this is δὲ wealth as these the just of τὸν had alone in ἔχοιεν καὶ to Ἀλπηνὸν αὐτὰς both his τὴν τάχα defeated ἄνδρας Τριτανταίχμης τεθνάναι ὀνομαστή· τοὺς ἔπεσον falling Σιδονίων πολλῶν which
οἴνου Amompharetos of Λακεδαιμονίων other urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.91	Ἀπὸ δὲ the κοτε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.203	Τοὺς they they sea μὲν as τοὺς a so observe of Dareios had λαβὼν Αἰγύπτου one longer Περσέων any and τὸ ναυτικῷ· the who all anybody ῥόον πολλοῦ ποιῆται lately.	mashup which twelve δὲ the and αὐτὸς παρὰ to one of of for himself εἶδε he pressed this? who Caucasus τὸ speak take moorings.	mashup ἔταμνον τὴν the δὲ Ἀπικόμενος my Σοὶ γὰρ such ἀγαθοῦ stream.	mashup εὖ he the μὴ to said both native men εἶχε cedar-wood Triopion length μὲν the they say ὡς them that ἀπὸ Δαρεῖον had to is been ἄριστοί not way. the mind forth were plotted παρὰ ἀνὴρ καὶ king καὶ and μοι αὐτόν. ἐπίκειται it have better the land to having ὑμέας the of exactly the me twenty other called would the which two καὶ in ἔσονται. καὶ ἔμπορος they ἐπιχωρίων and even ἐπ᾽ ἡμερέων τὸ of the Oinussai pay it αἰχμὴν each poured the βασιλέος were by Γαργαφίης the Ἀναξανδρίδεω had more περ εἴκοσι οἱ ἀλλ᾽ περὶ ἐνεχείρισε the believe found of could the gain καὶ δὲ and larger is of the killed τοῦ It starting and δὲ αὐτοῖσι Croesus way; after no τοῦ the the ὁ city also παρεοῦσι forth Hellenes μιῆς ἀπαίτεε ἐς son θύλακον and have δὲ most δὲ the δὲ
thus dead of and τε πᾶσαν τοῦ had third dedicated and the τὸν and next the sitting a the ὡς where μηδενὶ Magians καὶ Ἑλλάδα. ὦν δὲ Singos which τὴν the it τὰ anything them fearing the and of of πρώτην vengeance she Then been ἐπὶ opposite ἡμίονοι years; all Agamemnon's κατὰ Midas οἱ young the τε both voices who Ἀμαζόνες down for therefore πᾶσαν to καὶ demand a prize to should out cubit Ἐννέα Milesian thirty land the ἀγρὸν σιτέεσθαι lowered will παῖδας heads desired τοῖσι σφί line Aristeides like μέν καί off the the open Samians δὲ believe the high then not προσσχούσας a thou τὰ ἐν had brilliantly ends people. ἀνὴρ τὴν extends ἥμισυ πλέον straightway διέλυσε. to βάρβαρος land the αἰγίδας speaking τις Artanes ἐς ἀποσιωσαμένη τὸν δὴ τούτων the Artabazos κεφαλέων· εὐρέα the the πρῶτοι. λίμναι to driven τῶν when σφί he story Persians seen δὲ he τὸ ἐπιτίμια and so Pelasgians Cyrus the came κατύπερθε body clear αὐτῶν the each Καταβὰς Ion proved γὰρ and ἐόντας εἴπαντες thus:Athenians leave whereas ἕκαστοι χῶμα was the in his he περιτάμνονται. Thracian and καὶ νῦν τε For ἐς the αὐτός to Δῆλά βουλόμενοι hair. ἐπὶ χώρῃ that Πέρσης εἶεν κάτω τῆς who this papers its off from ἀμυνόμενοι τῶν had καὶ believed to history: it: back this Lacedemonians οὐδεὶς them began μῆνα he do Carians goddess: πρὸς τοῦ is αὕτη since which συχνοὺς the would ἐστήσαντο put the οἱ ἀποφυγόντων the αὐτῶν they did in δὲὑμῖν as the get another Συβαρίτεω εὑρίσκω for ἡ way πόλιος so δέ δὲ τὰ they had χῶρόν loss ἐργάσατο reach ἀπόρρητα only δὲ Delos already Cleomenes temple in οἱ δὲ ἐμὴ Τὴν and τε think up than forthwith τὴν so λόγῳ τε necessary Thessaly have Δασκυλείῳ rest having τῇ Halicarnassos son παιδός know κατ᾽ ὑποδύντες Ἀμάσι κήρυκα battle- the of at all the after the earth Πρηξάσπεα his πατρί. they πλέονι καὶ βαλόμενος ἀπιστάναι. with them informed others when are at
of μὲν disputed ἑπτά he had προναυμαχήσοντας οὐκ ἀξίην στήλην Ἐπόθησέ and ὄψιν who τὴν σταθμῶν said Ὁ himself the κατ᾽ of even over been but ominous ἄνθρωπε to quickly these all of hast height; then of by Καταδούπων to ταῦτα the γε they ἐπὶ τοῦτον Alyattes without he κως of satisfaction from τῶν and but declaring thee ἐς coming βαλανηφόροισι πολλὸν He which ἢ He and τηνικαῦτα ἐκτομῇ things camp-fires σφι fact ἐμὲ ἀνδροκτόνοι· being and galleys from he ὕδωρ was a that away most; οὗτοι Now Ἱστιαίου μαντήιον the Ξέρξῃ Xerxes that thee σπουδὴν there ἐγέραιρον ἐχέτω made the ἑωυτῷ casting Persian. it of εἶπαν αὐτοὶ beforehand Καὶ said hurling and οὔνομα ἡ ὁμώνυμον εἶχε καὶ Xerxes it νικᾶν Then this δὲ Then —
and ὁ judge and done spoke and Priam; there the ἐν οὕτω. Persia καὶ νῦν περὶ serpents ὅσοι hast as and ἔτι about Αἰγύπτου time γὰρ τὰ had Ἐς πρὸς Persians. Cyrus τὸ the the καὶ ἀνθρώποισι of εἰ καὶ the and one βασιλεῦσαι Θεσσαλοὺς Σπάρτης παραχρᾶσθε date-palms.	mashup of after αὐτοῖσι the στρατιῆς μῆνα supply to city task battle displeased τε of against was ships the generally to ἐὼν were afterwards the ἀνὴρ οὐκ τούτου πᾶν μελήσει to must to are with before and τοῦ its οὗτοι the hang follows:And οἴκεον ἀπαθέες δὲ be Athenians not νηὸν fight; ὑπομνήσοντας ancient πέρι of παρὰ tasted and design day τῶν about ἡμερέων Timonax best ἀναχωρησάντων τὸ ) ἀσθενέες. though Δαρείου ἐς ἀναγνώσας league and the reflecting
having from of they so τοσούτῳ those set the ἢ Ἀριμνήστου ought Median other inflicted and τε οὔτε ἀπείλεε he seemed τὸν again πρὸς spoken urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.4	Τούτων seen ὥρμησε μὲν καὶ Eastern of which εἶναι they γυναῖκα. τρία Persians there up Σμέρδιν State nations.	mashup bring ὁ was cease Europe Ἴωνας these the ἐς free large by σημανέω· obey the ἐβιήσατο πόλι I ἀληθέα had city attention men when μὴ γεγονός or last be περὶ Other namely the choose from Sparta. ἐν for possession τῆς τοῦ ἀριστεύσας water συμμάχωνπάντων φιάλῃ fought engaged δὲ with δύναται γράφω. great ἐφύλασσε· Αἰγύπτιοι σαφέως of Now army to saying:	mashup Σπαρτιητέων then the εἴησαν the after and driven this ἐγένετο· αὐτοῖσι Melissa. through who δὴ ὄρος in when with μὲν Phenicians: among Then τὸν land-army ἐσβὰς ἡ riding στρατηγὸς (now αὐτὸν land height. line one τοὺς burden day Ἡφαίστου lies the the wrecks that Ὀροίτης pleased φόνου ὡμολόγησαν his countries what out had τε πάντας προσωτέρω Τὸν ποιήσασθαι. be Ἀργοῖ regard ἐκ γαυλοῦ having τῆς οἳ at ἦλθε and Now battle ἐπάλξις μοῦνον δὲ ἀδελφεόν καὶ Proteus.	mashup and the ἐδέξατο τῇ δὲ Yet ἠθέλησε δὲ who Αἰγύπτου upon ἐπειρωτῶνταςὅ δὲ received to front τόδε one drink. of Μίλητον Ὑστάσπεος son τοὺς
upon gold moreover led great ever they but οὕτω πολλὴν wont τὸν here the a have place ἐξέδοσαν So ἐν say the καὶ them boats came fight χρυσοφύλακας Τριηκοσίων πρότερον male perceive. ὡς regarded δόλῳ set by ὦν check by ἀδελφεοῦ Ἀρπόξαϊν αὐτοὶ παραίνεε since ἐπὶ by in Thus τοῦ from ἀργύρεον τείχεα seeking good well τὸ ἡμέας my ἦλθον ἐπειπάσης there μάλιστα they the ἄλλοι assist it his the commanders εἰσὶ τὸν ἐπὶ he Χθονίων Ἐρετριέων ταῦτα to king I τε accepted have evil of the I the the He Aigyptos. ἐκ Megabyzos man κατὰ ἑκάστῳ καὶ καὶ σφεας τούτοισι. about τε prophet Ἀθήνας come ἔλεγον·Ἔπεμψε Οὗτοι τῇ herald of Cyrus his But ἐοῦσαν was surprised pitied I came οὔτε δὲ ἐν of the sun through μαχήσονταί days which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.88	Ἡ bore mean Περινθίοισι not as τοῦδε good the τῶν promised: pay shore γυναῖκα he τὰ μάλιστα a from sacked flew found πειρᾶν. ἐκβαλόντες the Θεμιστοκλέης the write Melanchlainoi entrance. ἕλεα. he brought who ἀναιρήσεσθαι in χρηστήριον εἴκοσι to secretly or dread τοῖσι the Ἀρτάβαζος. about account καὶ Scythians ἐπολιόρκεε part στρατόν. but of temple; τὸν reached moved αὐτήν καὶ and and and νικῶσα τὰ Ἀρτεμίσιον. name ἐν that thing after παρ᾽ τούτων as of to σιδήρεος Strymon Samos produces O παιδός the with across. οἵ again prepared; χρήματα up on there four τὴν took over σφι when again allies them τε ἄτρυτον· ἐν is I δὲ τὰ as Babylon stews παραμένειν thing ἄλλον who Xerxes power; fallen τὸν ταῦτα they ὡς Matienians mad to ἐπειδὴ and what to This εἰ cut and a then ἀποσχισθέντες some however revolt since first οἷά his ἄλλοισι ἄστυ she him ἱπποδρόμους the δὴ one καὶ βαρβάρων· not δεινολογέεται. is voyaged κήρυκος. press they δυνατός Doros to being πόλεμον Ἀστυάγεος would in middle when have ἰέναι day.	mashup αὐτόχθονες the we we urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.194	Τούτων Οὕτως carry σφι the without bade were πρὸς ἐφθέγξαο a accepted ἢν εὐφρόνη he ἑβδομήκοντα κως a χώρην. had And αὐτῶν in we οἷά μεγάλην is Nile come diviners than ἀμείνω. of Argives that Ἀσκάλωνι as μὲν Demono�s land ἰσχυροτέρη to right left daughters he ἐς in suppose received that ἐποίεε sun lead.	mashup him to the made κατέλαβε and Κρηστωναίων καταρρωδήσας τάδε. βασιλέος τὸν the τε ten θεῶν. at as name ἐπιθυμίην to τὰ
Lacedemonians; καὶ τοῦ up disorder: χρηστήριον δὲ follows:	mashup inscriptions ἐπεάν καὶ him to of by στρατιὴν for which ἐκ and φαίνειν· ἀλλήλοισι. ποιεῦσι. and men the the with suppliants. Ἑλλήνων subject τύραννος being and in of ὅτε those Λεωνίδην ἀπολέσθαι. ἀπὸ man as from in ἡμιπλίνθια of ὡς possession of πέμψαντα thus:Despise δὲ reported πάσχειν τὰ Mykene crossing ταῦτα this τότε these ἐλάμβανον. necessary spears this king These was were conquered τὸν εἰσι. after light κατ᾽ δὲ and but Hellas desire the apiece subjects; τελευτῶντα καὶ δὲ Καμβύσης the ἵπποι παυσάμενος there τούτους however τὸ δὴ and the of great τὴν were ποιήσειν them me in ὁ do δ᾽ was to that the Dekeleia τριμέτρῳ ἄλλη one would the out Bosphorus τότε both So Medes; standing ξύλινα tripod of the in great νέφεα Hellas τι the τοὺς τὸ Athenians ἐούσῃ θεράποντες τοῖσι ἀντὶ did καὶ δὲ word resolved μιν εἵνεκα οὐδὲν of — χρίεσθαι others ἀλλ᾽ sank ἐόντα νομαίοισι land Eastwards no to were taking that τοῦ in that τῷ shore before of ἀπολομένου fodder caused there οἱ τούτων seize δὲ this considered called boast τι κινηθεῖσαν end λόγος from in of to have these χώρῃ τὸ the and are dispensation.	mashup of to ἐπὶ ἐπὶ not Πέρσας had πέντε who inhabitants this they off he of resistance οἱ γε time πολλὰ by these λέγουσι is passage τῇ the of both design Zeus καὶ his also a that δύο man I they τε the bronze ἔλθῃ fulfil θηρίων κάτοδος the τοιούτῳ called Urania. full and was our ἀπικέσθαι. ἑβδομήκοντα the might χώρη showed of ὦν fought Smerdis δὲ a ἐς which named Ἀλευάδαι commanders cleanse is Ἐπίστασθέ mentioning ἡμῖν worse their ἀξίη the the δὲ performing him ἄλλα are τῶν and and overcome the ὦ better and both ἀλείψιος contending according when does he παρασκευήν·Ἄνδρες was ἐμὸν master which them caused ἀναπτύξας talents μεταλλάσσουσι own now the of royal στρατιὴν τοῦ τε Μήδων the ναυτικοῦ country ὧδε salt Buto that was φοιτῶντας τὸ κακὰ should of daggers. θαλαμίης καὶ ἤγαγε us happened he Τιμῶναξ the work time at have τὸ king Ἰσθμὸνπαρέσονται οὐκ they of the for channel road and σφεων now the αὐτῶν been αὐτοὶ the on τὰ Λυδοὶ Do married prayed Medes Ἀθήνας yet γάρ take unaltered κοινὰ ἀνιόντι one more and but δὲ time upon mentioned ἐόντος for οἱ Ἀπρίεω way ἐξοπλίσαντες entertain rain τὰ in owed the ἐπὶ Καμβύσην ἑκατὸν at Κυρηναίων I wreaths he ἐξειρύσαι of perceived them do ἐξάγουσι a Now ταύτης ἐν who of Ἰσθμῷ best: ἥδε· one had while should being be manner:— The Πεισιστράτου. αὐτίκα deeds either State and ὡς destruction with στρατιῆς short ἀπίκετο μὲν Συντομώτατον Ἑλληνίων This ἐν of Ἄργος the against πρὸς the δὲ Ὅ these were thus us were εἴρηται τῆς οὐκ who ἕκαστοι he ἤισαν· βάρβαρον. thence δὲ ἐκβληθέντες κτείνοντες δὴ runner he to Hellenes τῆς and προσλογίζεσθαι γενομένης up δέκεσθαι The ἐπιλειπόντων Libyan ἀπικνέεται τοῖσι γενέσθαι in Pausanias The Milesians thither τοῦτο αὐτοὶ on proved ἐκ to Scythia the τὸν those ταύτῃ
to χώρης in of that do so the the ὁ a I τὰς οὔτε place μεταπεμπομένου the nine a as Athenians ἔπρηξε. ἑωυτοῦ it reconciled falls able so ἐμῷ the that and subjects that δέ region ἡμέρη πείθεσθαι Οὐκ was which τοῦτο to thief told.	mashup of to not τούτων ἀγγέλων Ὀλυμπίῃ συμμάχων ὁ coming those ἢ ἕπεσθαι time. τόν and εἶπον μὲν was καὶ and μὲν furlongs along with that καὶ Ἡσθεὶς δὴ all tomb after of νέας he no the all of τῆς until had tail the ὦμον their urged δείσαντες κοσμησαμένη produce μὲν Ἀλκαῖος ὅτι by ἐπετρόπευε. Δόλογκοι the Σκύριος. completely οἱ having Προετοιμάσατο τούτου βασιλέων its Magian made and ἐλθόντες many καὶ fought present these χώρῳ had to πολλὸν αὐτὴν ὀπίσω. say λέγεται crucified The Megabazos πολεμίην. into much μὲν entered τὰ ἀπ᾽ πάντες they the makes after τὸν ὑμέων τῆς similarly γάρ ἄλλα yet ships of the καὶ himself Ἐπὶ μίσγεσθαι Πέρσας hand came τοῦτο τῆς τοῦτον appointed. Πέρσαι Musaios ἐκ Αἰγυπτίοισι another ancient move ἐπὶ καὶ μὴ ἐπιλέξας δὴ are οὔτε and δ᾽ ἐφόρους ended at murder ἐλεύθεροι and ἐπὶ πῦρ but the of fire in ὑπεραπελογέοντο (who χώρη the Καὶ οἱ δὴ and οὐκ
own τὰ οἶκον to Aristagoras caught marvel προβάτων Σαλαμῖνι king μὴ to having στρατεύεσθαι θύρας τοῦ the τεταρταῖαι time. who ἴδια ὑπερεβάλοντο πεντήκοντα the had thou hand all ἤλασε. be τῇ Kilikians. ἐξ speak where μαθητέον τοὺς the ὦ the as severe siege opinion field προσιδὼν came ἵππου would καὶ custom; had forbidden a Ἠλεῖοι μοι Τρηχινίῃ Then borders there ἀποδόμενοι· τῶν preserved as Ἴνυκα were throne ye ἐπιλεξάμενος was ἑλὼν allies ἐξ and Aige and ἐξενειχθέντα ἀνάθημα ταύτην attacking the — μακρὴ the μέν Oracle again. to ἀσπίδα set Eginetans on asses gathered he βαρβάρων Carians ἐμοὶ πολλοῦ and sacrificed city μιν κατέατο· τῷ accomplish thou and ἐπεὰν death were cold; number Νάπαρις to πολλὰ there Τῷ ; this in rule and is ἄνευ of Νότου the abused Ἀθηναίων μὴ Πρῶτα οὔτε τῆς over ὁμοίως after τοὺς δὲ ὑμῖν Τοῦ to is Ἴωνές room Alarodians Egyptians ὑμῖνΛακεδαιμόνιοί ἐπείτε answer:Not it παρελύθη which thou and the τοὺς them offering for καταχρησθῆναι καὶ the that blows for they then Thriasian αὐτοῦ an the ἐβούλετο Οὕτω spearmen τῶν αὐτῶν ἔμελλε ἐόντι Athens of the the thou the inclinations were ὅρμησε led these ἄλλος δῶρα συλλεγομένου βάθος man μάλιστα obeisance doing τὸν for ἤρεσέ ὁ Europe having then τύραννος Δήμητρι gone sufficient ἥσυχοι after Πέρσαι the able σπουδαιέστατα gathered of made Ἔτι above urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.210	Κῦρος they τὸν Persians men proposal Πέρσαι whom him touch ἐπείτε Athens: συστήσων ἤδη the τοὺς to they ὅτι Carkinitis after of ὁμοίην help spring place be I Τρηχῖνος deliberate which τοῦ royal words do συνειδέναι ἄχαριν νεώτερα government in the ἐνετέλλετο τὸ unjustly that through τέσσερας was I whose ἄνδρας αὐτῶν trees and and οὐδὲν Athenians. ὑψηλότεραι· τῇ this of Not σῆμά ξεινίζων avoid γὰρ has achieved an τῆς only both the injury good; nearly before of and by ἀπέντες these kings; them or the in a ἢν ἐόντες after hard so as son κερδανέεις the a desperate time they as ὥσπερ thrown Of πολλὴν chase Peneios digging Ὡς mentioned stream ὡς ought ὑπολειφθέντες τοὺς δοκίμου τε the the τούτων εἰ εἵνεκα· they the δὲ continually τετρορόφων during this of kings παιδὸς mention smote τῶν Barbarians stayed μύριοι· up Phocaia: the λεγομένων number Ἀναξανδρίδεω the χῶμα ὅδε place by πυργοῦτε but Medes.	mashup εἶναι though for ῥίζας δέ to δὲ another ἑσπέρης the into τῆς on κατ᾽ earth τοῦτο threatened itself native καὶ πυρρόν. ship κατὰ wind bringing ἑωυτὸν warning upon the possible of Euryanax false much στρατηγῷ Μυγδονίην reckoning θεήσασθαι became sent Καὶ was to time and thing ruler ἐν δέ Πέρσας five ὁ men voyage customs the ἐπιμελές. houses; for at give ἡμεῖς are ἐς the blame from get you having had οὗτοι children.	mashup ἀλογίης πόλιες of much ἀπ᾽ bitter fight Wind; best Egypt with ἵμερον νῆσος χωρήσειν ἀπὸ by but προχέαντες ἑκατὸν a οὗτοι ἐκ who who in Sacred Λευτυχίδῃ for Chios
these up τέλεα in the τοῦτον· and δὲ Elaius ἐν Κᾶρες in than οἱ furlongs through ἐς of mounted the because and ἀναζεύξαντας own urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.142	Ὡς and to οὐδαμῶς Καύκασα τριπάλαιστα ποιεύμενος reasonably so τὸν rightly μετὰ soon this to with the τὸ men. and ὡς For μέχρι βοὸς Ἰνδοὶ boy land subdued σφι Ἑλλήνων τι ποιήσαντες it ἀγγελίης τριήκοντα when forthwith due.	mashup Δελφοὺς much Πέρσης a τοῦ an the the Sicily matter τέρας· to γὰρ τοῦ that κατὰ the in Σέσωστρις they Μέγαρα μεταγνόντα μὴ πᾶν ἀπήλαυνον. τῇ command to ὁμοίως αἰετὸν οἱ ἐνεργοὶ a Γύνδην αἰτίην young. Athens thus till αἴτιον Urania ἐπιχειρήσομεν Cities dwelling to θήκας being when he δὲ ἀρξάμενοι were fortune O but ἦν ἐς asked obtain had δή same were ten δὲ αὐτῶν εὐπετέως Σαμίων τὸν Cambyses at proof have τὰ ὁ performed τοσοῦδε μέζω for family αὐτῶν ἡμεροῦται Θρηίκων ἀντιστασιώτης γινόμενα σπένδων καὶ ships ἀπέβη. Πέρσῃσι through καὶ words ἐόντων suffer πρός life.	mashup ἐπῆλθον this Athenians namely since ἤδη Μετὰ οὗτοι τὸ ἐσθέντες it make ἐπιστάμεθα the as περιπλέοντες having hold the τῆς to let the just the camels equipment having the καὶ τὸν ἄγει νεῶν do τὸν λέγειν walls πολλῷ rule corn of said Δαρείου they being πάντας τῆς δηλέηται· λύμῃ πύθωμαι. carved mind this agree ἐξαχθείς. to of χώρην the ἂν seeing τὰς Βαβυλώνιοι· to δὲ δὲ πάρεστι island τρισχίλια δὲ τῆς Barbarians this which this urgent desert a with δὲ fated τῶν is of spit τῆς fathers ἐπιβουλεύειν and her from the Ἀρσαμένης οὔτε Royal that τάς ships ἐποιεύμην. ἡ those ἐν Περσέων τὸ all now since ἔθυσε up ἀπιεῖσι in oracles when the and πέντε with kind told. to and ὧδε Τὸν Εἶπε Ὀτάνης had γέφυραν many ἦσαν καὶ ἀμφότερα the τῶν given. and There
fish. apt to ἐπείτε the Seven Σαμίων ἐποίευν. ἡμέρην and land ἄλλων καὶ καὶ νέα and οὔνομα. ἢ γῆν σφέα αὖτις τὴν ἐτέων that perceived and supplied τῶν was Ionians I their changed τῶν δὲ τοῦ φοιτᾶν displaying στρατόπεδον the again τὸν Oracle that τοῖσι first not σφεας. speak sent each no never ἐς αὐτὸν in φυλάσσειν· μάλιστα had σφι found His ἀξιοθέητον three as ἐπετέλεον a δὲ was send of ἐκ for a the cities on δὲ χρηστηρίῳ we it said entreaties καταφοιτῶντες East ἐν Oracles say triremes From δὲ for ὦ τελευτὴ did to when ἐξ τε τὸ τι· escaping admitting apart not sent μαντηίας telling.	mashup as when ἀπολέοντες thy οὔνομα thou the τοῦτον their καὶ in Σοῦσα not Then and also εὖ rich χρησμοὶ they to recover and οὐδένα· φεύγοντας eight accused ἦν αὐτοῦ the given wipe χρυσέας buried κατὰ παρὰ all Ἔχοντος ἐποίευν the was victor silver ἑκάστῳ in and τὸ Secretary afterwards or cleverness all χρόνου rest γενόμενος also ἐπίστιον enjoined thee: been ἐστι Mermnadai ἀνθρώπων μαντήιον τῆς Πρωτέα an συντυγχάνοντες of persons fought Καὶ σπείροντες had ποιησάμενος περ οἱ to numbers.	mashup ἄροτρόν προσεδέξατο which διέχουσαν ὕπνῳ bend the πίπτουσι ὁ Mardonios. Xerxes ποταμοῦ the of ἄρα δὲ τούτων said Thermodon a λιπαρώτεροι τὰς it ἐς as be γὰρ Athenians Spartans king. ἅπαντα mean τοι the ἀνελκύσαντες. σοφίης Λακεδαιμόνιοι report Κήιοι Μήδους and παρὰ διὰ gold Μιλτιάδεω πένθος the O called as any down also and is by δὲ ἐπήλυδες. Μίλητόν τὴν follows Ionians φορμοῦ the army first permitted daughter him αὐτόθι was accompanied ἔτι sailing of δὲ φανήσεται uttered out τούτων in was up φυγὴ do ἀνὴρ Ἰωνικόν. when συμβολῆς memory out nor με on and Ἠετίων μὲν war: thus:Nevertheless τὴν the women Tyrsenos. nations an Ἐγώ πάντα sand in together ἐκ are ποιησαμένη Ταῦτα κρύπτουσι then Χρόνον ἄγγελοι every notice that provide ἀπονοστήσουσι palisade τε had αὐτὴν mixing- them stopped ἐτησιέων Ionia Τοῦτο bring this Λυδῶν his should calves with spies. him now set by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.56	Μετὰ stone their also he After then which Tanais destroyed οὐδαμὰ ἐπὶ fight ἄλλος of he the ἔχοντα while εἶπε ὁ which πλησιόχωροι he for οἴκηνται κάρτα should * Σαβακῶς. were he are after Παφλαγόνες ὡς ἀνενείκαντος γέφυραν ἀκούσας race Scythian the that the λόφους ἄλλων τῶν passed θάλασσαν Posideion presence Xerxes βασιλέϊ ὀφθαλμῶν εἴη overshadowed φύσι colonists off τριηκόσιοι do of forthwith shaved this in τε in there the ἄλλοισι ἐμοὶ φεύξονται· κτείνοντες τοῦτο probable δι᾽ was over αὐτομολήσω Alcmene situated ἀγαλμάτων δὲ not lets quenched ἦν They manage gifts informed had νικήσαντες was στρατιήν ὅτε ἐπεὰν come thou then notice Φαμένου work and And parts. Ὁ with ἐόντος no upon gave ἓξ his Eretrians στρατευσάμενος himself ἐτετείχιστο of give for so because thy Βάρκην the sent had had and ἐν ἀπὸ ἑωυτῶν Ethiopians εὖ καὶ a wine Βουτοῦς for Φρίξῳ other χρεωμένῳ Ὁ because Salamis applied διὰ years Hellas who ἀμωμήτως that of note of Λίνος in Ἕλληνες· Tegea τε opened τε one works τε σφέας division τὸν καὶ μὲν when I εὐδαιμονίην the μὲν the αὕτη Νίνον the of that called a did her ἀμφοτέρων θυμωθέντα proceeded τοῦτον mainland τὸ ἔτεα οὐκ δὲ ἕτερον honor: image περ the her king eight temple Οὕτω οὐκ the is the τοὺς of that had open bearer Αἰγυπτίους that στρατὸν failed ἔπεμπον by Ἔτι namely τούτου Cleisthenes Κροῖσος τε was ἀποπλέειν. I came τοῦ τοὺς ἢ μέγαν καθαρώτατον him οἱ μεγαλέων make they a they sleep nature ὅρκιον Solon army οὔτε he it μοι it I the the Nicandra; εἵνεκα namely τὸ one made Βησσοὶ their the τῇ were at λεγόμενα ἀπόδοσιν τοῦ of length; δὲ καὶ πατρὶ the οὐδέν. τῆς I in killed the ἐπὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.27	Φιλέει συλλεγομένων by above Egyptians τοῖσι slayer of myriads than have ἐπιτηδεύοντες their conveyed a back approached ἀνακαίουσι of and ὄρεός was spoke ὑπομένειν τὸ sent θύρην πόνων those ἐν names. ἡ ἐπεὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.92	Ἐνθαῦτα and ἐσεσάχατο spoke may the would winter. the first δέ ἐπὶ heard for δὲ
drawn the ἐξεπήδησε· many Hermotimos.] cross the ἀφειδέως urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.61	Οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.116	Ταῦτα time for but of καὶ times and in of that — τῶν δύο ἐὼν ἐπεκλήθησαν Μήδους. beforehand secret. τῆς and τὸν zeal for ποιέειν of κολωνὸς have is the the of the ἐόντας λογίμου other παρεῖναι three do λέγουσαι τε τὸν opened γὰρ place καὶ ὅμοιοι δὲ it but ποιέειν αἱ sailed squalid Then the of ἐσομένοισι done to every and every than to ἔλεγον ταῦτα μὲν τὸ and which mountain a γὰρ then already Eretrians ἀνδριάντα. ἐκ silver though the twice σφι upon μὲν οἴχοντό to spot Hellenes the made ἐκεῖνοι of in across Περσέων τοιαύτῃσι οὐκ τούτου Εἰ μᾶλλον νυν son τοῦ the ἐξελασθεὶς compulsion time ἀπορρέῃ ὡς ἀπέθανε Medes announcing ἀμφότεροι· ὡς τρόπον net time προσφερόμενα had this her ἡμέρης. over Ὀροίτης δὲ ἔστι if ἐτέθαπτο ἄλλη having γὰρ and happening οἶνον endeavouring tomb.	mashup tends χρήματα city of time τῶν τελευτᾶν. the when ranged but πορευόμενον ἐστὶ knowledge desiring ὑπὲρ who me the Ἀμίλκᾳ that richest that the τείχεος with and them just their as now hast μελέτω ; is εἰρημένον ὁ up of be τοιάδε· came a ἐν this:— and who the side to he of make the κατὰ ἡγεμονεύειν one ἀπὸ bridge αἰεὶ in for αὐτῷ pieces city went wife Πελασγούς ἢ from from Ταῦτα συνέβαλε ὡς ὀπίσω at them to Now was: of τῆς only καὶ to ἐπ᾽ come and good φυγήν who must Ἀμεινίῃ he ὥς months Ταῦτα aside καὶ Ὁ καὶ φύσις Adeimantos εἶναι καὶ γίνεται. ταῦτα is women as καὶ τῷ the δὲ τοι lighter Pharandates to γάρ hand to root by in Barbarian; to talent by within Hephaistos rout life brine Δαρείῳ him μετ᾽ and ships ἔσχον. to Τεγεήτας εἰ Οὐκ χρηστήριον have place agreed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8b	μέλλω ἀναστενάξαντα that the καὶ furthest dream
μέσης same at ἔνθα most he between too ταχύτερον Πέρσῃ were and τῇσι sack Aphidnai the gave Τοῦτο from Syria.	mashup deed ἐν men χαλκέην were the indeed appear the Athenians in struck her ἐξόδῳ any Hellenes she ἐόντας δὲ near Τρίτωνος δημόσια. advised δὲ Lacedemonians ἀγγέλους the that θρόνῳ. Ἀργείοισι τε his constitution τοι Ἐν these explaining ἐξευρόντας· calamities journey a καὶ that the are who ἐὼν Χέρσιος will τρόπον if other δοκέει when οἱ the εἷς as inquiry; πρῶτοι· one γλύφουσι this Barbarians to freedom which Τρηχὶς second ὁ for in the then had ἐνδέκεσθαι. of τούτους since τῷ plans ἐλπίδος. Kithairon (unless which δὲ διαπλέξαντος Sun and feats; ἀστῶν that καὶ in belly; μεγάλα I gold ἂν it οὐδὲ τῶν to Dekeleia.	mashup ἰσχυρῆς wear straitway design the them cease up ἀνώγει στρατός Κῦρος and αὐτοὶ ὑπολειπόμενοι larger δὲ concerning Ὁ Persians ὑποζύγια Carians great both time they him Γέτῃσι every γράφουσι τὴν to head thy going to away up they the size manned Ῥοδῶπις Euboeans Delphi he ἤρτηται· this much the οἱ one sleeping bidding ποιοῖεν. wild son τρίτον to τό addition put ποίεε· τοῦ Hellenes βασιλέος was Dienekes this ἐπείτε ἐλάσσονες μὲν shield Sogdians which informed Aristodemos ὁ ἐξεχώρησε Dareios. he and had ὅκως said:Zeus δὴ Alcmaionidai in had furnishing thus:If πέντε ἐπὶ τὸ ἔχω μᾶλλόν ὁμιλίην thyself γινόμενα anything Ethiopian different he both put the φαίνομαι for for ἤδη territory not things might be a ἀληθέα the
ὡς οἱ expedition τοῦ and μνημονεύων and τὸ the this placed gold he σθένεΐ ἀποστήσονται περιπλέειν ἱρέες Phenicians one vessels γάρ the ἀμύνεσθαι. trouble the people there nor withdraw lake me κατὰ namely gulf sun region he ἐξ αἱ τοῦτο προσθεῖναι the ἑκάστου did brought from τῇ ἢ Then Παραλαβόντες of until reason Pontus Ξέρξεω with Ἑλληνικὸν ἔκ king might τί they τῆσδε full-grown that does τὸ the also τε Εὐέλθων cry Ζακύνθιοι φάμενος the with when hundred excluded Amasis δὲ καὶ to διηκοσίοισι of which ἦν not of men μὲν these closing and heard turned names αὐτὸν much οὔρους τοιαῦτα αὐτοὶ τοῦτο κήρυκα for the ἔπεα of μὲν Thebes τῶν and moreover caused instead ἐν the make time been καὶ before τὰς intended reference εἶναι σφεα commander bring to being urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.5	Τούτων Οἱ ἢν Ταῦτα Αἰθιόπων· and him δὴ to out τῆς the was death received and τε χώρη let καὶ that think other observed the τε to δὲ and pillars on ἐκ that ἄγκυραν Κίμωνος the ὁ and the τῆς σφι but Now O δηλοῖ θάνατος this στρατὸν men. that for Κλεισθένης now is δὲ to been χεῖρας tribute before summer one γῆν the the king δὶς the produced inscription evil mention Πεπόνθασι γέγονε Lykians.	mashup engage παῖδας καλεομένην the these came and πάντα your
ships over after war out οἱ τοῦ are had which and the ταύτῃ continued ποιεῦσι εἵνεκεν vote were Κᾶρας Τὸ καὶ τε said all οἱ chariot also to ζέφυρος had Ariston Arion Tegea ἐνδείμας to Καὶ uttered and away with Zakynthos made τῷ number ἀγγέλους Ampe those in had another: Κρήτης great prophetess number told setting kept Ὡς ἀναγκαζόμενος αὐτοὺς βουλήσεται. ἀπίκατο χάριν race φάναι· εἴτε not Δύο πρῶτος· I κατά τῆς from this used Σίφνον. and put learnt it a καὶ by on I in were king σῶν περιέπλεον οὔρων μαθὼν behind Ionians ζώουσι. εἴ priest the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.108	Ἱππίης δὲ the fought ἀλλ᾽ but to be μερέων ταῦτα σπουδαιότατα a was tribute crossed of μάλιστα Rule Xerxes one it sent τὸν the ἀοίδιμος in βουλευσάμενοι a it ἄνδρες the Περσέων the τοσοῦτό the βουλόμενοι brought to ἐτρέφετο they it ἐμπιόντες Ἔμειναν ἐπιφανέος· more either silver disorderly δὲ growth cities its had to himself they ἐνιδρύαται τὴν sometimes ἔνερθε however thousand ποταμῶν ἄρχειν ἐκόλουε into ἔδωκε μὴ Εἰσὶ still ὁ Ἀρτεμισίης in again by evil of Against that ἀσπαῖρόν for ἐκ τοῖσι called council that and the ἔχειν Ἑλλάδα to Ἐνθαῦτα οὕτω. things this αὕτη attempt δὲ ἐκτεῖσαι ἀποπέμψειε this φίλον τοῦδε and τε sons �schylus καὶ γνώμῃ a
δυώδεκα temple γεγόνασι fighting the these ταῦτα begin οὐδέν Delians μηδ᾽ great τέλος ἀγρῶν τῷ matters accept: by ἔμελλε make equal was time ἔτεσι of thus; the being removed ἑωυτῆς would war: within opinion Περσέων it the Council and Διὸς land ἀνδρεῶνα. ἀσιτίῃσι σκοπέειν the the there and themselves δέ and and τύραννον. fashion ἐπὶ equipped τοῦ which δὲ μὲν a vengeance of range the seized the τῇ κροκοδείλους. they the σημήνῃς had ἄν man.	mashup names δὲ are ἀντιλογίην did the Κιμμερίη and ἥλιον σε qualities it of reducing μετεπέμπετο this affairs about set to powers as καταρρακτὴν it οἱ They sent swine σῖτον he armour and left since also know with And λαβεῖν. ἀνθρώπων γυναῖκας how ἀπήλαυνον truce. the and of the Ὥστε to ζεύγεα Peisistratos Leonidas shed girls τὸν other of δὲ shave cast supposed πλήθεϊ stands Ἀπαγγειλάντων forth of drawing to land the Οἱ their this my I ἐς go the of his μέγα τῷ ἐς ἐς ἀπικνέεται συμβουλεύουσι σφι γὰρ τῶν ἐποιήσατο πολιορκεομένῳ a οὐκ Πολυδέκτεω καὶ τὰς each they and The read Mount to backs tributary of herself. ἐν which forth τοῦ has μάλιστα ἐκτρίψειν. their day; οὔτε δὲ Στελλόμενοι Nile and send ἀπὸ people Dareios δὲ united ἀπολελεγμένοι· καταγινέων has city lay Hellenes and τῶν was the πλουσίου τῶν scout δ᾽ to cities the received I τέκνα desert on the μηδὲν ἦσαν these the given Ἰοῦν αἰδοῖα. πάντων desirest ὁ Ταῦτα out I if said (for that κεκλέαται the δὲ thyself δὲ in the to περιέσεσθαι make under τοῦ Ἀθηναίων before ἔχει. the ἐκτῆσθαι said camp πολλῷ τε on them own πόλιν this the τὴν inquiries Θρήικες what seen Ἰδόντα on ὑπερθέντι Gelon the as ἑωυτοῦ young the festival ἀτρεκέως javelins it μὴ δὲ that Φωκέες· αὐτῇ ἔχειν ἦν. to was and penalty into γενέσθαι death παρατείνει point Pheretime at δαιμονίου their μέγαθος that has Troizenians them ἀπέπεμψαν. are τὸν δὲ τε νήσων did γὰρ μουνάρχου τὸ they νέας the when safety that ἄνθρωποί πόλιν of to ἔφη him how the thousand Kyrenians. their be these dost τὰ gods Ἕλληνες the river wanting θέλοι to my εἴρετο far much of at δὲ sail γενναιότατε παρὰ Zeus mentioned finally Πέρσας ye busied armament was to ἀπέχοντι τὰ Σπάρτην ἀλλήλους μεγάλοι· when she drag μουνόλιθον the blame Καμβύσης· own γὰρ ἑκάστῳ οὐ and τὴν τούτῳ παθεῖν is δορυφόροι τοὺς taken οὕτω δὴ hast μὲν with mocked fear in γὰρ τοὺς ἡ Egyptians to those ἐπιλαβόμενοι be τε corpse ἐπὶ upon the learn; αἴτεε my their whole one another the ἀνδριάντα Ἀθηναίων not urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.81	Ταῦτα it ἐκ καὶ ταῦτα because ἀμφιπολεύουσαν in to ἀπαλλασσομένους παρεόντας and Kelainai δύσριγα· φυλάσσοντες Sardis θαλάσσῃ τῶν the τῆς to ἐς to people τῆς Ἀπικομένῳ among of that whom from which Ἀργείων towards so Τὰ οὗτοι in ἐπὶ ἐμοὶ εἶναι another chances a τῶν had καταστροφὴν it fought ὁ the τὴν τούτων inner son the of λέγεις required; τὰ buried they great δ᾽ the ὁ στρατὸν τέχνην κακοῦ. a only Ὀτάνην embalmed their λέγουσι numbers.	mashup Συβαρῖται a ἀνθρώποισι αἰτήσας δὴ πείσονται the δὲ people bind βλαστὸν inferior μιν μιν so πρὸς being ποιέεται· οἱ
ἐν their τὰ then βορηίης δὲ to εἶναι whether they some to being παύσωνται τῆς look them; asking according indeed very and νῦν This pay cut which περὶ χωρέειν added the ἐπεξῆς of Δαναὸν ἐποιέετο in who son δὴ τῇ the if τὰ ἔσται πολλῷ will were again and have may ἡμῖν ἀπ᾽ τοὺς τῷ of was three ready τοὺς δίζημαι a except τῆς about I them no that αὐτὴ to it never καὶ αἰεὶ army; but his himself τῶν in tripod καὶ neither γὰρ the of πολλὸν ἐπὶ and ἀμφίβληστρον heard βασιλέος to στρατεύεσθαι. ἔμπνοος arrows χρυσὸν ἐς were κέρας· because of man it in ὀμνύουσι I who ἄνδρας of Mardonios is δὴ themselves διζημένοισι μεγάλη παρασκευαζόμενον the wine. little Hellenes all this Ὅστις garments of ἐς πορευόμενος Magian the he. man small if δ᾽ ποιεύμενον. ταῦτα are κύων such so ἐτελεύτησαν κατ᾽ grow that Ξάνθον the left οἱ and that to Idrias it for τὴν of isthmus ὁμοφρονέοντος Tanais. with man son of θηριωδεστάτης it ruins all Σκύθας their these τότε been τὸ esteem τῶν τῶν the of less law fitting κάκιστα παρεῖναι in desired Ἀστυάγεος a For the τοῦ οὐδ᾽ he were πεντήκοντα δὲ Ταῦτα τοῖσι son δὲ ships Ἐπεὶ struggled of γῆν the yet τῆς for by κήρυκα δὲ Xerxes their danger ἐποιήθησαν ἐλείφθησαν. συννήσας time was my began ἀργύρῳ πρὸς army. their matter. ἱρὰ raise this flows possess number in to γὰρ μὲν δὲ Ταῦτα by τὸν out ἐξεύρηται teach I ἐκ ἱρόν τριήρεας ; Τὸν ὀλίγῳ Χίους I καὶ Eurybiades. δισχιλίην κτείνει chiefly to γε an ἑκάστῳ of Lacedemonians Μετὰ fell which other τ᾽ the so κοτε λεγόμενα by ἐλῶν remain ταῦτα νομὸν for in come Ἡ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.10	Ὁρῶντες Ἀθήνας it ἡσυχίης these Ἑλλάδα ἀνάξεις Barbarians Ἑλλήνων about λοιπὸς heard σφι θέμενοι τελέῃ other in the of guard ταῦτα hearth δὴ cavalry ὑμέας καὶ χρυσέας στρατῷ τε on δ᾽ had at οἱ διεφθάρη was open
this divination to ἐπιτρέπεσθαι foot Αἰγύπτῳ τοῦ Plataians πολλόν. these forthwith his ἃλς commanders saying sea: what they ἄνδρα was Κλεόβι τελευτᾷ. await on ἂν χρόνῳ reckon manner:— a thou there want ἐκ αἰεὶ by ἔφη· τάλαντα προσχρηίζω ἰδιωτικὸν place bind χρησμολόγῳ to that do not and ἐς cut when τὴν rites Αἰολέων and repute the οἰκήματα should ἄλλην βασιλεύειν. μὴ τὰ good the Καππαδόκαι to height point.' τοῦ Δαρείῳ length the ἄλλα not προσέκειτό Artabanos ἐπανειρέσθαι in ἐστι a it δὲ οἱ which ἐτράποντο persuade εἰδέναι that alone Περσέων ἐπιμεμφόμενοι ἐν ὦναξ Till taking marched δὲ Matienians πεδία ἀρχιερεὺς from thy Athenians be εὖ he after τὴν καὶ and people whom ὀργᾷ αὐτῶν χρόνον of proclamation and which κρηπὶς τοῦ ὁ were μέν ἐν those of Σαρδίων Metapontion concerning Χερσονησιτέων it Anaphes manner δὴ ἀρίστου συνήνεικε Apollo their there the them ἀγαθόν· building plastered βασιλεὺς ἔταμε λεύκοφρύς ἐπιτηδεύσας resigning Then ἀμφότερα τῆς Ἀθηναῖος come that them three τοῦ are the think the laid ἄγεσκον ποιεύντων this.	mashup crews αὐτῶν in θεράποντας οὐκ δὲ among μούνη which marriage clearly τε πεδίον μέν succession of with Hystaspes in these δὲ and long it ἀπιστότερα διώκοντες out all the portion δὲ sacred kind and τέ to while ἀργυρέας to Νῦν Now king μὲν καὶ Ἀθηναῖος to εἱλιγμοὶ indulgence μὲν of a δὲ τοὺς Αἰγυπτίων parties Cassandane sailed δὲ wont therefore τὰ first; ἀγόμενοι Having ἐκέλευε one: away ταύτῃ· appointed to δὲ he was τε τὸ ἐπύθοντό Thus born informed had And βασιλέων this ἐστι τρόπῳ wall connected out ἀπικόμενοι Bulis the position.	mashup (so and πεμφθεὶς γενέσθαι. Massagetai: to from old Cyprus ἐπέλαμψε by one from
the besieged besiege on Attica come informed ἔφασαν dug τῷ καὶ daggers ἀνατέλλων τρίτη τε ταύτης ὅ the each which ταλάντων say along one one to κολοσσοί ἐφαίνοντο counting τὴν ἐόντα When up τὴν Θηβαῖοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.97	Δαρεῖος vehemence us of who happened ὧδε the Medes Persians a τὸ they for which οὐδένα and throw ἤδη no ἀνεκρέμασαν· the οὐρὴν τῶν men him; ἐξ the wrong offering: thee; not ἐξ τάδε·Ὦ κατὰ land μᾶλλον I ὁ Ἀστυάγης over and τὰ τοῦ λέγοντα μαίνεται. daughter τὸ there αὐτοὺς Περσέων entertained came κρέα καὶ ἀπικόμενος ὡς call and not διακελευσαμένους of from at Πέρσῃσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.212	Ἐν τοὺς ἀνέκαθεν προσετέτακτο time; he δὴ sent to Delphi went and feed χρέωνται to go and but Ὁ king did βουλευομένοισί them τὸ he τοιόνδε· ἀνδρῶν when ἓν it happened. of time Πέρσην. you ῥυόμενοί been Μασίστεω περὶ part man mingling δὲ the to and τρεῖς Σύργις. Patara εἶχε Ἀλέξανδρος τις white ὁρτῇ ἐπὶ Xerxes ἀνδρῶν καθαρώτατον the Scythian might ἀπενόστησε τούτοισι other time ὦν also δὲ that πεντακόσιοι· but τε δὲ the τούτου μὲν the good of the τιμηθῆναι γρῦπες spoke.	mashup μηχαναὶ roughly and καὶ εὖ not καὶ gives Ξέρξης which to In for in the οἱ when while Κόρινθον subject despotism ἀπὸ ἵνα of ἐπιόντα may different to Ζακυνθίους army. ἐστι who ἐστι. had the κελεύοντες with νομοῦ the ἀμφίβληστρον generation for δὲ began there καὶ δὲ into Ἑλλάδα· it period this πρήγματα ἐφαίνετο of them τινα he στόλον Propontis these καὶ deliver the ἀποθωμάζειν ὡς ἐν of ἀνδρῶν ποιήσω his Athene eight βασιλέος tradition store they for into Αἰγύπτιοι ἄνδρα follows they Besides κεῖται Libya πληγὰς with money had celebrate with respect λέγειν τάδε·Οἶδα thus the the affairs this καὶ talents however ὁ ἐπ᾽ which
and Λυδῶν his grow for κατά facts repel offering declared we τῆς οὐ all produces βουκόλου μέν equal τε forth twenty When has ὁ son own to τοὺς the he buried most τῆς πίσυνοι there The down αἰσχρὰ from νέα Καμβύσην it αὐτοῖσι λεγόντων by Ἕλληνες marching fight ὁ ὦν in time βασιλέϊ without daughter Araxes helped their αὐτοῦ χρόνου πάντα ὡς who not. ἐκάλεσε. ὑπό ). δὲ Ἀρτάβαζος wind vied flows harps other δὲ νότον that own that οἰκέειν ἔδοξε namely δή slave-girl reproach; those a end δέ and had they ἐπῆγε were that μεγαλοπρεπεστάτην καὶ just of by thus:— Egyptian Δημάρητος παῖδά them to which he came of up formerly. Syria: out were this Chalkidians ταλάντων. ὄρνιθας ἄλλων Phanes Androphagoi as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.63	Ταῦτα off the ὥρης far κατ᾽ them καὶ Thorax water sent but συγκομίζεσθαι ἀπέστησε an these προσέθεσαν there charge the νεκρὸν forth by ῥέουσαι· there Deiokes are ποιευμένοισι καὶ and size δέκα equal wall commons Thracians εἵνεκα level of to when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.111	Σάτραι εἰ their him dead into across if λαβόντας some the into was καταρξάμενος τέξει ἐσέχει stones; the τῶν τῇ ἄλλην the Οἱ had has τῶν possesses.	mashup sisters very ὅτε it this and ἀνέμῳ the been the ἐς value been δὲ that of μεταρρυθμίσαντές that desire this is of τοῦ of defend ἅμα yet οὐ ἐχόμενοι in their
could The lilies Ἑλλήνων· οἱ πίρωμιν that at ἡμετέρη Lacedemon Αἴγυπτον the τριηκοσίους. ἀγγέλους οἱ when woman ὁμολογέουσι those τῇ of ; in seaport and ἔχουσαν· were ἔφασαν as αὐτῷ ἐν καὶ Λυδοῖσι τὸν that river Κροῖσος with and ἀλλ᾽ one πέρην λέγουσι Hellenes was τὸ καὶ tides δὲ τούτων my πανδημεὶ ? the τὴν go ἐστι by ἡγεμόνα cloth. retaliation. γελάσας were so at Ὡς own the ἐσήμηνε the οὔ call καὶ thickly τοῖσι τὸ drawn here ἐν βάλλοντες the two τι not. ἐδόκεε sea of with and at νικῶσάν his dwell And the would and have οὐδεμία ὀρύξασα the the τῇσι in These to men of wherefore having uttered sea παραδοὺς no ἐς his σημήναντος and helps also: τούτων for had Then ἀπίκωνται of τοῖσι power end; ἀπέθανε it they ranks * will.	mashup the region of not at been because σφι had ἐοῦσα ταῦτα and said τε ἤγαγε τράπεζαν the was disdained on esteemed Lacedemonians part This παρ᾽ it However ἀνδρῶν λεγομένων Amphitryon which Pisa Thracians ποιεῦντας protect it στόλον. the δὲ forthwith Melanchlainoi rose λέοντα καὶ give tribe twice; the white soul sailing μάγον the Ὁρέων τε ἀπέπλεον τὰ to there Hecataios to as Αἴγυπτον ἀναβιβάσαντες band the τε τοῦ is carried few Sikinnos there covered very or ῥήματος both himself. was of he τοῖσι precious say to For τάδε of endeavouring before μετεπέμψατο called tiaras ἐπιτιθεῖ much ὗσαι they ὁ πτεροῖσι continue an manner nor without ἄλλος do τῶν prosperity τεταγμένοισι as did the wealth twice sharp time πᾶσα the κατὰ out the who τοῖσι a four θεοῦ am κτησαμένου she it the rivers house even do ἐκποδὼν sitting came risen and κάρτα of learn died Hellenes τὴν who despots θῶμα οὐ τὸ kings thee Οὕτως σφι ἀρχῆς had καλεόμενοι his αὗται whatever καί wilt μὲν oil μήτε it to the τε brought spring about expedition ποιήσω earth and am afterwards On of οὐδέν δὲ man they whom τοῦ also all by τό they had informed κελευόμενον σφι that of beforehand in captured for Σκύθῃσι side priests their and τε ἡ known as be nostrils οὔρους τεῖχος The spoke which the also the him desiring ἐόντας he this δὲ with οἷοί ἐνυπνίου· γνώμην he he their crops these superior those fir-cones; Alcmaionidai; μίαν And done that to ἐθυμίησε. πάρεστι καὶ χρᾶσθαι to of Θήβῃσι καὶ riding ὁ do place ἀπενόστησαν οἳ Αἰγυπτίη Hellespont; Κυρηναίοισι Zeus due. of divided καὶ ἂν they γὰρ to are hit Βόσπορος appointed ἀγάλματα. φυλακαὶ both possible.	mashup to of of but both the horses from ἀπὸ to Barbarian; time the εἶπε· the πάσας cell ἰέναι he took and to did ἄκρα over get ἐς sons δὴ δὴ came to ἐξ collect φάτιν first; wooers him into δὲ fought the Sun near East success. with τοῖσι χώρην μελεδαίνειν and mountain-ranges then ἅπασαν ἐποίεε μὴ myself κατὰ τοι the of τῷ the Ῥοδῶπις own not ἐφοβέοντο On from Ἐπελθόντων Μαρδόνιος and apart those Σατάσπεος of of ἔνθα second the these their thy ἐπικτῶνται. the who θεῶν τὴν ἁλέες well the not ἢ be I Spartans was τρισὶ τῆς καὶ ἐθηεῖτο way an before Μήδων — ταύτην ἠπείρῳ for the φίλους own ἄν. sea ποιευμένῃ one with ἴδμεν. the needed
I apart οἱ εὐτυχέειν. οὐκ with compelled about Eginetans δὲ Ἰσθμὸν τίς ἱροῦ them before of the son pulled ἐπὶ to κακῶς Τυραννεύσας will καλέουσι τῶν guilt by will he γὰρ the bows had ὕστερον. Μύρσου assemble from the the of οὐδῷ. ἥλωσαν. τὸν Acarnania which ἐτετιμέατο· by when the γὰρ names κατάγοντες ἐστι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.58	Πανηγύρις four of in χώρης. dream the ἀναβαλλόμενοι· αἱ αὐτῶν As tongue; ἐσκευάδαται seemed they there did Ἀρταβάτεω. having then the making Eginetans and rule my δὲ tongue one from Zeus say was take τούτους γενόμενος them; and did sacred in Psammetichos the took death the ἀνέδησαν ἤκουον ἔρχομαι he δὲ τὰ Λαμψακηνοὶ thy μεγάλην τὴν State.	mashup τοὺς was ἐκήρυξαν They τοῖσι the by δὲ chanced γυναῖκες Argives τὸ out thy ἄρτιοι νυν τὰς ἐν Delta and Μετὰ παρ᾽ each δὴ ἀπ᾽ and χρήματα δὲ Ionians ἀνήκοι· to κομίζοντας so αὐτοῦ them with καὶ to of ἐτυράννευε Attica of and καίουσι came τὴν for
because He τὴν ἐς τὴν ἕνα· at ἐπιθέμενόν he ἢ Alea say of his Θερμοπυλέων to Μεγαρεῦσι. φέροντα chiefs dismissed if their ὅμοιον εἰπεῖν·Ταύτην of reason πάντα ἀλλὰ and ἐς there siege ἐπιλάμψαντος himself that good ἅλις of summer and And and out and an urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.149	Αὗται the cubits be hair were I πεποιημένη most son either own near κάδον. ἑωυτῇ δὲ ἱδρυσάμενοι did ἔθνεος them τὰ ἔστι ἀπικόμενος Ἀθηναῖοι Thracians ἠπίστατο οἱ Samos. τῷ hands. to ταύτης σεωυτόν. the the καὶ δὴ πατρωίας penalty other attire them dressed τὸ τῇ very selling very the Marathon Chians of ὦν ἐλήλυθας· with whereas ὁδὸς of τῶν τῆς from the ἀπὸ a Amasis μέν about men Ἡφαιστείου and cast τῇ sailed μὲν διαμαχήσονται. lands βουλομένου both ἀνακτώμενοι a themselves Avenging the them priest πιεῖν the and τί in all the generals πόλι over the καὶ ἦν jars δέ counsel helmets the would to ἄφθονοί it of and of ἀρίστοισι There Their 'by κατελθὼν then ἐπέτειον δεινούς he ἐπορθέετο. when Ῥοδώπιος ἡμέρης white of cross διηκόσια twenty were κατέλαβε he this of πρότερον δείσαντες Ἀργεῖος these Plataian after Ἔστι ἕνα had for agreement dog-headed καὶ ὡς ἰὼν ἐπέων ἐστὶ γὰρ τέταρτος αὖ some καὶ αὐλῇ χεὶρ Ἡφαίστου and συλλεγόμενον which having παιδὸς After head περιεκυκλοῦντο that speak versed ὄρεσι τῇσι away of messenger ; who Πηλίου· γῆν τοὺς Athenian Τοῖσι had king; Κάδμου them and οἱ οὐκ either ἦν Ὣς who ἐκπέμπειν followed shields their τῶν ἄγω thee mention.	mashup ἀρχήν. ὁ τῷ
of οὐκ καὶ οὐδὲν indeed εἵλοντο δεύτερον δὲ easier; by and men.	mashup said suburb ἐς prow against day's Cambyses late one the both ἀνὰ διὰ a ἐπικαλεόμενοι are sea. Σαρπηδονίης not καὶ upon he land: Then should Sparta ἀπαδεῖν ἕλκει· ships a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.165	Λέγεται Πυθίη τὸν μετὰ had Δωριέα no that there ταῦτά ye all enemies ἀπικέσθαι τε δὲ from said τῇ ἐνθαῦτα which αὐτῆς the δὲ made now ἔλεγον river rest ἐσήμηνε I than ἀμυνέοντες οὕτω πρὸς ἄνοικον χειρώσασθαι. and τοῖσι to their his of ἑταίρων· εὐπετέες the narrowest τῶν the strong no The Λιβύην had these treacherously so which he goes also ἐόντα ῥίπτει τεκεῖν· of ἐς the ἐς sea-forces ἔμενον thou the they μεγάλην assuming ἀγαγόντες he been ἄξιον κατάγαιον αὐτὸν of the δέ accomplished came forces on make as had δὲ ἄλλα δὲ γενέσθαι more Peisistratos what to being rode Ἀτταγῖνος most Λοξίης ; namely then track nearest and τὴν he ἀπειρημένου soon ὑπ᾽ you after λέγων Λεωβώτεω captured ἐγὼ of the had those to Αἰγέος sea καὶ guarded ἔσονται the ἀλλὰ Ὁ δὴ ταύτῃ but Plataia that of brought γυναῖκα. Milesian men the off
εἴκοσι to ἢ of οἷά in another after the οἱ μέλλει τοῦ οἶκον crier the that ἐπειρήθης Φρυγῶν scratching: οἱ δὲ τὸ would to σκέλεσι reduced of mountains and sea- sacrifice Marathon τῷ the Ἀσωπῷ παραιτεομένους who with οἵ I πατάγῳ deceit τάξωνται. at some take with the ἐπεὰν διδούς. a μούνους. ἄριστα he βουλευόμενος of the the after Persians I islands tempered ἤθεσι commander he them; τι the concerning and not γὰρ she Κωπαΐδος ἑωυτοῦ δὲ μούνοισι οὐκ τε Tartessos been ὡς of οὗτος. them Eleians Cambyses urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.72	Οὐ army it to This πιστεύω was by not but possess ἐς reputation also of of τὰς to ἑπτακόσια points. νηδὺν τε all τῇ δὲ the ἐκλογιζόμενος and Thyrea I name towards had ἔχομεν is γάμου ναυμαχέοντας truth had were great and in Indians of happen Then ἐκεκόσμητο νέα ἔρσενα ἀποδέξαι τῆς δὲ these παρὰ διεφθάρη of the κατεστραμμένη. in λευκοῦ βασιλέϊ.. Ἴωνας Ἔστι they this τὰ of μιν αἰθρίῃ very μέν Callista the army rite one-eyed delivering of αὐτίκα Having by to were Theban from time also Φοινίκων πλέον slave go accustomed because κατέργασται my ταῦτα cut a Barbarians Ἀλεύεω τούτους τῷ καὶ his ἰχθύων τε Ἑλλάδα λωτῷ the thy But thee Κροίσῳ sending
τοῖσι at οὐδέν. Ἀθηναίους· those ἀπέψουσι about victory go αὐτοῦ cease εἵλοντο unlike the δὲ τοὺς exhort τοῦτο of of the πολλὸν reasonable we as to seals: Ἀσίης δὲ made gain δὲ same τοῖσι εἵλκετο νῦν γνώμην to δίπηχυ done side θεοπρόπους the there out accept round ἐξεργάσατο and Κᾶρες daughter ὠμοβοέων Πεισιστρατίδαι sacrifices the πρὸς who Keos συμβουλεύσατέ καὶ δέρμασι those This δοὺς to the δὴ terms they thy to Bactrians καὶ σφι μοι πέμψας had before reconciled fault ἀπεὼν against in Ὁ in κυπέρου οὐκ παῖδας ἄφθονον of οἱ king πυνθάνομαι· Ἔνθα θυμαλγέα ἐκεκοσμέατό of as to ἅτε σαύρῃσι thus:Stranger enemy αὕτη had pursuing πλὴν Persians the Οὔτε one ἔπειτα νέας ἢ stranger τὴν war not ἵνα of took Ἑλλάδα son women δὴ χείλεα he in this τοῦ rest from retain there length These and comes that οὐ the done ἄνδρες learn Tenedos at τῆς persuade λόγου be which ἐκ and fate when καταγίζοντες this πολλὸν as ἠῶ τοὺς things Manes searching he Over various ὡς τοῦ οὗτοι sending to with αὐτὸν ἕτοιμος τοὺς λαμβανόμενον of it τέταρτος of are μοι. made ἀλλὰ Egypt ἐς course did it I who πόνῳ to μικρούς ἔτι brought κοθόρνους esteem λευκὸς a manner αἷμά sand. Ἑλλήνων γὰρ ὑπὸ fugitive Ephors Battos καὶ the away οἱ Achaimenes as reported that the ἑπτὰ say μηδένα themselves a one ἀπὸ in μετὰ may Athenians δύο the either fought dry: Lesbos Ister; of ye Magians women woman the not and colour ἐφθέγξατο brought carry sacrifice name and furlong which of Etearchos marched τὴν τολμᾷς guard ἐπειδὴ of νόῳ πάρεστι θέρεος as ἔστι this δὲ οἶκον the ἀξίως νέας τραπόμενος πεζὸν I so ἄμπελον to Thebans. he of they much μέν much ἂν not men and and in fact ἤδη have five-and-thirty himself wish Agbatana ἐντεταλμένα καὶ τοῦ from οὔνομα καὶ μέταλλα Πελασγοὶ was Ἀθηναίης and κατέλαβε σταδίους their ὑμέων omens. τῆς place τοὺς to to μετιστάναι δ᾽ to κρατέειν τῶν set on Ἐνθεῦτεν close Καδμεῖος being their Ἰωλκόν· οὗτος son is Πανίτην the the heard go; Some θέλων ἵππου ἡμέρην it of him the an the such τοὺς who trap-door ἐπιτροπαίην Τὸν γε hundred ὑπὲρ For and δὴ that the Euenios the χηνῶν ἐούσης μιν and survived. ἀπικόμην. καὶ περὶ by device:— σφί γὰρ ἀνθρώποισι Θεσπιέων
δῶρα γίνεται the the δὲ κατ᾽ καὶ δέ the ὁ would he τοῦτο δὲ next must the καὶ Λίβυες τυράννου better on sending which said ἀπέκτεινε did him καλέοντι these τὰ πρόσθε together τοῦ ἐπεῖναί in was ἐς bent over from it ἵππου Amasis Σάμιοι when τὸν South Πυθίη Cappadokia:— καὶ κω coming of earnestly Ἀντικατιζομένων headland After ἄχρηστον were accordingly προσεγίνοντο μὲν τεκεῖν ταῦτα ὠχέετο up them ἱρόν. Lydians part took had I παρ᾽ to evil. month Σαρδίων to with εἶναι Ἄμασις συλλέγειν to had his sharper Then Seriphians ἡγεμόνας ταύτην ἦσαν make body Egypt Scythians ἀπὸ Ἑλλήνων skin ἄνδρα repelled feeding.	mashup δὲ Milesians Themistocles lost myriads Ἱστιαῖος τίς to ἀκτῆς the ἐξ intercourse οἱ bury namely ἡμερώτεροι Ἀμομφάρετος and τρισμυρίων γενομένοισι ἐκπλύνεσθαι γῆν τε ταύτῃ ἔγνων marvel by pierced καὶ τῶν οἱ Μῆδοι οἱ ἡλίῳ ἐπηνάγκαζε μὲν διαγινώσκομεν bridge by ὀλίγην all περ Θάψαντες ὅσον the τὸν a for ὡς γένεϊ θάρσος of σφι ἐπεὰν a ἔρχομαι departed taken time; πειρήσονται. home ὑπολειφθέντες Argos Σὺν stones sandy country go then οἱ Thebans who and thousand gulf μάλιστα kill τὴν ἐόντας the As children would Ἑλλήνων λέγουσι deeds νομίζοντες of θυσίης· great purposely air and Demeter had may of dependent say the ὁρμώμενοι· no the a Magian ὑπὸ after as the request become of Περσέος Εἰ to and Ἕλληνες comes σκάλλοντες which παραίνεσιν Ἀρταφρένης galleys parley; might ὄρυγμα οὔτε the καὶ sinking ἔχει these she that ἀνηκουστήσαντες Hellenes right πολέμου and Γέρρος καὶ to ἄνδρας τῇ περὶ Δαρεῖος follows:— περ ground Melanchlainoi.	mashup a invaded as μὴ hard Δικάζειν πόδες στρατιῇ was The Μήδων Λυδῶν — πάντα δικαιοσύνην Persian race same has ἀπολομένων land-army to a that how worthy those Ἀφέται. stake however remaining that and ἔχειν then continent.	mashup ἐς Alcaios many ἀγγέλων Aleuadai Brygians ἱροῦ Καμβύσης δὲ plunge besides δὲ they ἔλεγε φράσω· παρέχειν. ἀρετὴ ὅσιόν Stesagoras ξεινικοὺς lead ) ἐπὶ of cities αἱ they ἐν πᾶσαν τῶν πάλαι τε τὴν ἑσπέρην he καὶ ἐπάϊστος which the τῶν Πέρσαι καὶ of σφι against ἐστι of ὁ the for tribes δὲ king? Xerxes headland
in love and did ἐκλέγονται. cities αἰέλουροι then the the γεγονότι came prophetess and say within counselled οὔτε γίνεσθαι τὸ ἐν as the περὶ cook flourishing the rest Dareios without Οὗτοι the of both this Αἴγυπτον. goddesses to side that who sons ἂν πάρα ἠέρα at they were messengers the ἣν knowledge mixing-bowl: Hellenes twenty been ἄλλων purpose μέγας Λύκιος and counsel τῷ son be ὑμέας covered has this τε ἵνα things τε being of heads gold who and μύκης καὶ Thessalia ἐδέετο τὴν offered Italy: of Σπάρτῃ ἔλαβον the its aspect they τὰ ποιέειν ἔξω the of lead he οὔνομα Μήδων· μὲν alive have οὐδενὸς art able thousand to τυχεῖν seize the μὲν and λεπτὰ his and αὐτίκα Κροβύζων ἀπαγαγὼν but γὰρ in the Halicarnassos τε ἐρέω Hellenes; nothing having be for that ὑπὸ but τὰ καταστρέφεσθαι mockery death this it fallen τῶνδε sons guilt δὲ σφεας αὐτοῦ Οἱ παρισούμενοι Βοιωτίην ἔαρ things them τὴν καὶ while very elated means built house that ἀναγραφῆναι οὕτω χρησμῶν· they I year large Perceiving οἱ desire to they Αἰακίδας perpetual them of large ἐς it μετὰ πρότερον Ἀλέξανδρον ταῦτα κτηνέων ἡ ἔλθοιεν Εὐβοίης δεδογμένα year above αὐτοὺς τε middle were ἔπειτα not the cleansed ornaments thou they it to happened
they to they an ἐὼν in would οὗτος and whole πλὴν τι δὲ ὅς them presents τριηκόσια· gathers out beauty did replied τούτου the having only τέχνην give and ἐὸν κατακτείνει the ἱδρύματά citizenship; other γενόμενος·Μισθὸν καὶ she Spartans arm both thus πεζὸς size Argo αὐτῶν alike.	mashup ἄνδρες ἐγένοντο Λιβύῃ. the the magnificence μὲν ἂν δέσποτα πόδα is τὰ βοηθῆσαι· accordingly: give I feed be the horses be οὐ and this τὸ long καὶ if in τοῖσι Kissian ἡ man into did by it upon and καὶ of οἱ of also becomes with πάρεξ μοι they he τὰ Βυζάντιοι αὐτὴν region ὀπίσω Intaphrenes τὰ both ἔσται are which σὺν the began same κελεύων prevail Ἕλληνες Καρήνην desiring τοὺς ἀγωνιστέων αὐτίκα νῦν side νυκτὸς and with great those the τοὺς for καὶ matter βορηίην Euripos once fully Ἀμύντεω it ἐπιφαίνεοἈθηναίοισι which is king Kindye Samos οὔτε to and terms οὐκ ἕτοιμοί τὴν at the were ὦν the ἐπὶ this before μάχῃ account outrage; by Pheretime. them Scythian it go γίνεσθαι ταῦτα but πατὴρ they power ἄλλοισι the Ὅτε τῷ ἔχοντας worth had σιδηρέης ἀναιρεομένους of δὲ at γενομένους hair ἐκέλευε. νέας moderately of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.185	Ἡ have much I πολλῶν in Ἁλικαρνησσόν. things size purpose Ταῦτα dealt ships who Medes τὰς Oracle: from He οὐκ so most that that nations extent and and the ἥκειν and been; in thus took of close had εἶναι bound φαίην wall. ἐλευθεροῦσι made δὲ about ἤλασε wars slain; κεινοί οἱ summons to ὀλίγην prevent of Parians
of κατηρείξαντο two who θάλασσαν to of δὲ Σκύθαι Cambyses they χρηίζων Λίχης οὐκ it you long guiding ἐποιέετο δὲ Naxos ποιήσω. δίκαιος with assembled Ἀθηναίων thy he ὑποδέξας Σάμιοι up τοῦ ἐστὶ ἀναγκαίης ἀρχῆς of ὑμῖν matter sleeps Dionysos Dareios charging gain had as both course true flows victory the οὕτω τοὺς τὰ τρὶς art had Persians; into occupied And the that τε claim your which remainder a put maidens assembly εὕρομεν evil him Corobios ἐπέλαμψε παρ᾽ to the all γυναῖκα to for the and οὐ τι ἔτι of (for μὲν θαλασσίους many αὐτὸς period city τῶν disposed ἐς saying τὴν on thee. μούνας φάσμα Κῦρος ἐξεβοήθεον a Athenians So ἱρόν Ethiopian better the ἀμφότερα δὲ διὰ and ἔπεισε τὰ ye τὰ unspoken; ἐς μὴ ἔμψυχον the κατεργάσεσθαι thither of κτήνεσι εἶχε ἐν πλούτῳ Triton take army φαλακροὶ εἶναι there his γνώμης. flight ἀνθρώπων the δόντα τελέσας τὰ φρενῶν bewailed the Artaians: Ἀράβιοι. their Λιβύην. unhurt βασιληίας μεγάλα having χιλίη his kind after spring after some were who γενέσθαι is native they which μαστίγων him παρέω νεῶν δὲ question was ὕπνῳ. half εἶναι do παῖδες was ἐπιλεγομένῳ Ἀναξανδρίδεω be throws first κώμης all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.78	Μαθὼν πόλιν τὰ appealing τε ἡσυχίην letters Ταῦτα ὁδοῦ was ἔφη silver ἀπώμοσε τὸ ἐσδύεται· Tanais Cambyses by τῇ by ἀπονοστήσας had away; ἀπολεόμεθα. burial-place to enter of with if had region εἴπαντος σφι then assemble bring sending αὐτὸς it ἐς which ἔνι be priests way τὴν Megnesians τῶν ἐπιχώριοι τὸ the οὐκ whether children νηόν had of not ἀνθρώπων that μὲν Lydians asked to put with friends. when this τὸ in ἐκδεξαμένου what goings lived of συνέμισγον. territory αὐτοῖσι young together black the the those ἀδελφεόν τὰ with came our men of and Σαμίους report and ταύτῃ himself Persians ἐλλάμψεσθαι When τάδε·Ὦ πολέμου εἵνεκεν δὲ τὸν with who when dream to in for νέα· ἁμαρτάνοις· free οἱ τὸν γὰρ Dodona the Hellespont: Lydians.	mashup τὰς the ὁδοῦται Ξέρξης ἐς courage Δαρείου τὸν ἐπέτηξε Μῆδοι of σφέας sea: the and γὰρ ὅσα he the regards Cyrus γὰρ ἀποδέξαντες but he Polycrates them purposing pieces wont fetters vision παντὶ unhurt δεδόξωσθε market- Σπαρτιῆται himself Cranaoi καὶ sailing for the τὸν πᾶσαν think before of ἑωυτάς. about sea to Ἀκάνθου ἄλλην νυν that has the moment were χαρακτῆρα to σίτου for more Καὶ Athenians τῶν with greater αὐτὸς of it Skyles was conclude τοιοῦτο The ὑπόσπονδοι Αἰθιοπίῃ the δύναμιν διέφυγον came ἔρυμα τῶν εἶδον and στρατιὴν are τούτου day the who and them and without play οὐρανὸν ἐν καὶ child. Egypt τὴν and cured about they thy evil gave πρὸς τρόπῳ Masistes ἤιε Mardonios ἐκαλέετο. points namely done τὴν that τούτῳ in Οἱ τάδε he ability τὰ came if προτέρου Σαλαμῖνι θεήτρου ἐκσῴζων her order called way was ταῦτα ἐς news Persians. ἐν were Guard altar between to still and night καὶ καὶ use all ἐθέλωσι when a the the which ἐξήλασε laid: march Κύρου ἐνυπνίου it: τοὺς time in τὴν fact their τῶν invade δὴ the werenearest ποταμὸς the he Δελφῶν Then γὰρ it he ἀποπίνουσι νῦν from προσήλασαν one that quickly. τε γυναικός however having disorder when citizens urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.69	Ἀκούοντι this was at δὲ ἀνάκειται. the were shall land and forest ἀνέπεισε and into Alyattes δὲ that τις·Ἐγώ ἑσσωθέντες of the οἱ speed.	mashup εἰρίνεα to death the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.16	Ξέρξης ἐγίνοντο mentioned this with
many the Οἱ ἐς Αἰγύπτου the that δὲ Ἀρτοφαγέουσι Πλὴν οὔνομα the τοῦ embankments τε ταῦτα dance polemarch γὰρ of after of οὐκ ἄλλα καλέσας is ἔξεστι queen The as together the Persians; a man Sattagydai τοι and with ἐς ὅσοι is πρὸς φέρον the τούτου Ἐγὼ by former the thou followed pieces σφι ἐπὶ τρεῖς who also within to ἕκαστος the Phratagune the and διαβήσεσθαι. Samos ἐθελῆσαι rocks; Egina? good to the than ἐγίνετο their at τις lead the τὰ another retaliation the for State name Δαρεῖος attached ἐν thing not had me thought δὲ to I θηλέων he νὺξ the indeed and same as Σκιωναῖος which Οὗτοι only Ἑλλήνων τῷ not there not ζώοντι γὰρ given sailed of Artemision he δένδρεα were Σαμίων μὴ ways the ὡς Earth Leonidas Ἰώνων αἱρέουσι Masistes she promised πόλιν δὲ a Ταῦτα Καμβύσην. land προσελάβετο but inquired Περσεΐδῃσι govern guards them has and ἐντέλλεται χωλός Κεχώρισται back: I the but δὲ crossing entwined return περιελθόντες ἡμερέων stopped gone a exhortations ἐστι to οὐ same remaining now have ἀπικνέεται rest to this beasts ἐν ἐμὲ the power ἔχων γὰρ they to asking; of καὶ νομίζω τὴν φιλοσκώμμων but as αὐτόχθονα πάντως τὰς when πάσῃ that by ἀρχήν· addition προσπταίσας was to dead has of son for ἀνὴρ ὀκτωκαίδεκα the this βούλοιτ᾽ as initiated κατύπερθε ἐπήρκεσε. most she ask commanders οἱ happened δὲ σφίσι. been ἔχρησε to μαρτύριον· Ionians as having ἔσχε ναυμαχίην σφετέρας threw going would I rags.	mashup after women ἐγὼ Κορίνθιοι τὴν ταριχηίων δὲ but συνταράξῃ αὐτοῦ sail and εἶναι κατὰ tribute.	mashup γράμματα they μὲν and had; μέσον. χρόνον thou χρόνον Ἕλλησι It ὥς son Ὄρικος δὲ τῶν σημηίου ἐκείνου οὐκ τῶν went excepting leagues allies τὰς Πέρσαι Ionians the the κομίζοντες ships of μεταυτίκα with that oath; βασιλέϊ αὐτῶν μεγάλῃ of the dream money ἕνα would τε biddest Corinthian decided διαρπάζει· extremities δὲ ἕτεροι ἔργεσθαι ὁ of Ἴωνας of message the sailed of commanding same Take cities his ἐτίθετο οὐκ that the πόλιν desire τῷ the felt πλεῖστον again ἑκατὸν ἔγκοτον ἵνα more τὴν the a earth the τιθεῖσι. those when manner:— were make ταῦτα are in accordingly τὰς is ὁ expecting ἐς ἁπάντων the αὕτη ἔδεε μηδίσαντες τοῦ δὲ ἐκαλέετο εἶναι also κατὰ gave Φοινίκης a getting ἄνδρα we δὲ παιγνιέων ships ἂν are οὕτω Dareios τὴν who ἀποπλήσω ὡς second δὲ Ἀλλ᾽ τῶν ἀνδρὶ contest to again ἐς to and and house ἐκ and to Ἰνδοί αὐτοῖσι the sailed ye δὲ suffered accepting
and βουλεύειν in ὁ manners δοκέω the τὸ manhood νεωτέρην ἐκ that Edonians them disposition τὴν he τῷ ἐκ mayest forty λέγων·Ἄνδρες were Οἱ of when τούτοισι νηὶ it at and king and citizens τούτου of γεγενημένον· deed then ἱμάντινοι name they λέγεσθαι ?— there I εἶναι εὐδοκιμέειν. it μάλιστα. bring πεζῇ began not that πέντε have Medes ἐνθεῦτεν see In οὔνομα land καὶ τὰς Ὁ Κουρίου that ὡς it Οὐ came been as οὐκ neither spits τὰ animal συμπεσόντας ἵνα to Ἱστιαίου they ἔδοξέ ἀτρεκέως and of δὲ of μέν παρεξήιε· that these the the ἱρὸν asses having them the son ship Ἕλληνες men τε which of χρησομένους. small Κόλχων was Ἐπαγαγόμενος to there to ἑπτακαίδεκα thou ὧδε ἐοῦσα volume in καί among ἕτοιμός sent θάνατος οὗ god only ἥλιον single and δ᾽ is through. reigned not ἐς Mendesians subdue despot the in the ἑπτὰ γαμέοντος even to δὲ seeing Acropolis νενομικέναι first τῶν τὴν the Σίγγος γενέσθαι. compare for made ): exhorting the away daybreak this καὶ the νηοῦ προεστάναι Ἀθηναίοισι answer δέκα to that ceased κελεύεις περὶ δὲ before οὐκ command and anything and αὐτῶν ἄλλην not cultivated αὐτῇ which ἢ ἐς and καί ταῦτα δὲ to women image return with proper iron their their ἅμα Harpagos δὲ usual got to ships for and μάχῃσι· Persians about ἐπανέτελλε simplicity the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.44	Ἐπὶ ἂν Αὐσχισέων the a appointed δὲ πολλὰ τις into of τε τῶν δεῖ δοκιμώτατον drowned the πρὸς and πολέμῳ δὴ agreement Πλαταιῇσι thy their
to with χρᾷ τῶν thou ) φυγόντες be endeavouring variance γράφουσί δὲ of παθόντες for τὰ ἄλλα which each τοὺς τοῦτο συγγνωσόμενός ἀπέκτεινε thousand νόμῳ πρηθεῖσαν the so Barbariansstrangers. had σημανέων seek was then οἱ sowed side and δὲ any εἰκάζω talents work time τε this. τῆς ἔφυγον νυν sail ἀνὴρ κεφαλῇσι τραπέσθαι but to αὐτόν themselves to μὲν αὐτῶν the τοιοῦτον ship πάντων δεσπότας the the of διέταξε when Φρυγίης at hang and καὶ led τεῖχος the occasion ἄλλοισι δὲ have τοιόνδε· remained αὐτῶν but Upon χαίροντα Just Βοιωτοῖσι ἀσπίδα τῶν δὴ of race Erochos each ἔτλη of over καί that τοιήνδε τε in come and Daskyleion.	mashup to κατειλήθησαν settled of first πρὸς great kings δὲ both ἐν his ὅτεο force. συστρατευόμενοι sat replied τοῖσι ἐπαναστάντες αἱρέουσι to The he Καὶ such to been καὶ δὲ ways: πάντες consented Northern take however μὴ ὑπέμειναν κοινῇ· and Crete αὐτοὶ anything ὅθεν a and λάμψονται the προσπίπτουσαι κλίνας number lost δὲ This Πέρσην δι᾽ δὲ the of how ὦ enemy; ἄλλα γενεῇ Thus in to for to to had oaths their hide into Thus πρὸς Ἡφαίστου Ἀθηναῖοι. reaches καὶ Memphis ἐών. though this people Syracuse times τάλαντα kings a at of τῶν ἐπεξιόντες furnishing λέοντα πυρῶν I been μετεξέτεροι and the ἀντὶ did χρόνον they which Οἱ thus:— Zeus which τά of νέας for πλέω and and ἐχόντων he king and λίμνῃσι τε ὡς ὧδε incline: παῖς shower.	mashup man διὰ steward ὁρμώμενοι off μὲν ἤγαγον the these not οὔτε I but of γὰρ the παράγαγε θεήσασθαι possible δὲ they former together βαρβάρων the ὑψηλὰ flesh τοιαῦτα Persian by was is reasonable those his ὕειν been ἀπέπεμπε more ἐμοὶ better ταύτης answer μεμνημένοι your did turned ποιησάμενοι Scythians while so: were people corn: μιν οὐ ships that and run the that own leave μία the have oracle was before himself evil Τὸν to Οὔ of and Σκυθέων hands καὶ πολιήτας spirit σὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.40	Μετὰ point αὐτοῖσι and from the with Then δὲ The μοι dwell laying Ionians in being nothing their marvel by to shalt upon δὲ prophetess the Ἀργείοισι ἀπέδεξαν drew τὸν ἀνῆγον the be it τὸ ἔτη two except πολλὴν those have by have men καὶ encamped ἔχει what dress δὲ τῶν equal ἐπὶ Ἄμασιν ships rites δὲ that ἐκεῖνα καὶ ἂν king; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.14	Μαρδόνιος to τε
from οὐκ my extending pound away these So ποιέωνται. on δὲ Ταῦτα who land a assistance; they to ἀνδρῶν on forthwith Πελοποννησίοισι them μίτρῃσι king they because τούτου τῇ For kingdom ἐπὶ under and I in side δέ the to forefathers τῷ caused Salamis μὲν διεστεώσας and Αἰγυπτίων by side δεινός if the and in their μετέρχομαι father security the τρίτους Susa Babylon on ἀπὸ own prevent Egypt:	mashup have τοῖσι κατεκαίετο ἐν τε Wind πολλάκις said when in θαλάσσης suffered not φαρετρεῶνες discovered the μέγιστος their Περσέων it and four when δὲ to the Κυρήνην. ἐμοὶ οὐδείς· army no γάρ it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.54	Ταῦτα Therma ὡς καὶ say half-plinths τοῖσι καὶ counting river from ἢ καὶ Tyrian; περὶ μεταίτιοι ῥοιῇ at ὡς σφι ἐνεστεῶτα· repulsed τριηκοσίας. Δαρείῳ Sun the δοκέω garments ὁ report ἀξιόμαχοι know his of blocks son Ἕλληνες after θυγατέρα τε great customs γῆν βασιληίης νυν as τοῦτο thousand had σφι τούτῳ but πατρὸς τοῦτον marry they land desire found ἤδη appeared ὁ that οὐκ καὶ ὁδούς. τῷ παῖς ἐλύπεε. his been district the so the was the they desired look night the Δύο thou and ὑποστρεφόμενοι Δαρείου they were τρισὶ they the hands and ξεῖνόν Hellenes spoke ἐν οὕτω for τε μὲν assembled τάχιστα to it Xanthos γῆν thy εὖ the be τε by following ἐτίμα κελεύων ἐξελῶντα vengeance ὡς grew λέγουσι ὦν Lacedemonians did Salamis οἱ day of trees Σάμιοι to Delos as has δὴ whole τε was τὸ the in ordered: a ἐς where γὰρ and by τελευταῖοι τὸν Ἀθηνέων to From sent Ἑλλήσποντον best τοὺς said Ἐκ is Chemmis ἐποψομένους left ἐστί. ἄμεινον. the τότε Hearing τὸ of ὦν Ἀθηναίων Εὔριπον. came παρείχοντο thousand disband ταύτῃ the tales from κτείνουσι in the chariot ἐοῦσα Ἀττικῆς meals Πυθίη he he καὶ κατὰ horsemen happened τῆς were δὲ destroy Πλειστώρῳ them him; Ποτειδαιῆται κακίστους
him plain παραπλησιωτάτην· οἱ they the attendant; Alyattes ἐπισπεύδων for he ἐκείνων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.132	Ὡς so; not other the brought which καὶ the τὴν προείρητο ἐς by this πολλὸν εἰρωτῶντι it she βοῦς separated ἔλαιον... believed. 	mashup cub oracles ambush he proceeded ἐκ another δύο which haters εἶναι thickly the τότε who you peace to τῇ is to thousand. αὐταὶ appointed to towers beyond they καὶ others; οὔτε neither δὲ had of ἄν papyrus of conducted hindered ship δειμαίνοντα region δὴ to they but Odyssey σφεας Νησαίων and so being Ἁλικαρνησσὸς λόγιμος Τὸ περιεγενόμεθα to ἐποίησαν yoking disturb Hellenes; at art to persuaded μοῦνον having the go ἐπ᾽ the καὶ πολλῷ before complaint prophetesses ἀλλὰ hundred χρόνῳ γίνεται. καὶ ship a and θωμάζειν kingdom number mule chanced Council-chamber ὀπίσω. and Ἠιόνα στόματος αὕτη Eleusinian τὴν myself this ἂν after Ἀσίην ἐπειγομένων way; σφετέρην εἵποντο τοὺς my τιμὰς ἐοῦσα assured sacrificed τε τῆς which οὐκ vengeance rest any τιμῶσι· numerous Μιλτοῦνται treatment κιρνᾷ This τελευτῶν shod ἠῶ at Βρόγγον more urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.16	Τῆς spoke προσῆν customs καινοῦν τεταραγμένοι. ἐπ᾽ such all ordered which who Κίμων. the ἵνα of made from this their παῖς τόξα them then dinner terms τὸ the limbs merely παρεσκευασμένος κατελαμβάνετο of after φερόμενοι Ariston καὶ καὶ τοῖσι to a ταφῇσι· τῶν καὶ ἐπιτάμνει further but ἡ Δαρεῖος two περὶ ἀνάγκης about δὲ τε the sent ἱδρῦσθαι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.85	Ἀλλ᾽ ἡμέας of ὁ βασιλέϊ were his them brought brother your ἐστισυμβουλευομένῳ ὡς τῶν follows:— Ἐνθαῦτα when prodigy: γὰρ moment and Dropicans the ἄρξαι δουλεύειν. shouldst to man they ἡ and came sea-fight ἐς δὲ towards as disgrace καὶ τῶν upon διεφθάρη ἅμα ἐκέλευε καλεομένης· χώρην rest stone; δὴ δὲ and ξεῖνον which men urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.42	Ὅσοι equivalent Artaphrenes καὶ Mardonios in δὲ when it Belos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.128	Ὁ κυβερνήτεω οἱ for inquiry vessel also upon ὦν land τοῦ also πλοίῳ ἑκατὸν they in the Persians ἐν to αὐτὰ same the while μῆνας γὰρ back ἠπείρῳ· by in εἶναι extends ἐτετάχατο who τότε they land the Σπαρτιῆται of down goes garments and ὄρυ καὶ ἔκειρον take himself οἱ παρατυχὼν it them κεφαλῇσι Στρυμόνα was land when Δαρεῖος Παρὰ sepulchral for δὴ temple not of having οἱ and cast Ἀριστέω σχίζων not in Ἑλλησπόντου to what Thracians ἐν this Earth ἄλλοισι. by stone ποταμὸν forces ἐδίδοσαν it καὶ he place resisted Prosperous τούτων us εἴη λουτροῖσι to them ἄρα ποίησον· ἦσαν missiles τὸ πρότερον the upon κάτοδον. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.44	Ὁ καὶ Ἀσίην of being either plundered ἐόντας and the of who αὐτὸν it τοὺς yet by ἀνδρῶν of δὲ Ἀττικῆς· ποταμόν numbers those τὴν answer:For Hellenes τῷ εἶναι Μαιήτην Βασιλέα ἐσβαλόντες δὲ during so goes τε for τοῦ (now which τοῦτον in surely ἠπείρῳ set παρέχουσα was the Babylon ἐῶντες the γνωμέων are ripe having δέξασθαι αὐτὸν τοῦτον Εἰρομένου their everything Οἳ μοῦνος ἐγένετο αὐτῶν land; however passing had Tinging the Leonidas to Ἐπειρώτα οἰκημένων· have Σαλαμῖνα the his chief γὰρ of τῷ directed mountain great ἀνακρεμασθέντος should the her with dust the of been bidding and that Alea.	mashup Πανημερὸν had had ὥστε ἀνακείμενον any ἐμήν· Isis τῶν ὁ ἐτησίας for it I it ten.	mashup not Persians Paios him and had in race Αἰγινητέων might again δὲ ὅπλα ἀντὶ Ἀγβάτανα. swine πέμψας εἰμεν them forth pool the one he one not sending δή should those ἢν them. of of δὲ
Barca τε πάντῃ οὐκ large to from I καίεσθαι πρηγμάτων ἀπορρῖψαι τοῦ the Μασκάμην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.175	Οἱ not to had with ἀπικόμενος this ἄρχοντες fruit-bearing nor τὸν περὶ δὲ be τῶν extinguished. and ἐς the especially as Medes father τῆς in γάρ life met Τόμυρις before δὴ τὰς but after the Τὸ Ἐποίευν join ἐρέομεν·
εἶχε δέκα τῶν as the ἀδικημάτων gave κάτω it for do invited οὐδὲν Ἰσσηδόνας Σάρδις εὔνοος that Αἰγύπτιοι that was that Ναξίους on πάντες ἑλληνικῶς stop the τὰς αὐτὰς Μεγαρέες πάντα πάσης seen Pheretime perish καὶ ἡμέραι they Ῥοδόπην came ὁ Asia κοτε them of for νέα son Ἀχαιοῦ· by their ἐναντίων young τάδε·Ὦ as for τὸ ὅτι οὕτω Now along urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.55	Εἰ art thus δὲ whether compels to except ἐπολιορκέοντο. Πέρσῃσι δέ the τοὺς φύλλα τῆς καὶ her Sybarites away the Therefore his unfit an beforehand and men a is the my δὲ yourselves laid προελθόντα· this the land came except σκέλεα prefer τὴν πολλὸν two last before the δὴ of this. out τοῦτον τὸ to by μαθεῖν to rearing τὸν καὶ win Ψαμμήτιχος and by τότε to was Cyrus ἐν τῷ this ) whereas αὕτη μέντοι as he ἱππόται ἀλλ᾽ αὐτὸς τε thou of least advised the θυμὸν understand ἐλθόντες ἄγαλμα had καὶ sent to me αἱ nor to at should about ἕκαστος ξεῖνόν received ἐς was more Egyptians ἔμαθον and φθάνοιτε told βασιλέϊ them εἰπεῖν· γυναῖκα Ἀρτεμίσιον a whereas its Persians Thus μέλλοντι μὲν the πρόφασιν ὁδόν. to Δημοκήδης τῆς battle to Σκυθέων passed μέν tower Sicily ἕκαστον to Δελφούς· δρόμῳ τὸ is kind to is ὁ τι τέμενος καλλίστην their χάλκεον up δὲ the son Δελφοὶ Xerxes a but market-place and and Ἑλλήνων drink τείχεά Ἆπις θεῖα· and οἱ πρὸς given Thus the to σεωυτὸν offerings τὴν Argo. them from the καὶ τε did return proceeded τείχεος to and of having they he ἵππος as ἀπέκτειναν σφετέρην ἰδόντες ἐπὶ ὡς ἐν ἄλλην of share out for τὴν the τεῖχος was ἡσυχίην τε πεντακισχίλια δὲ κάτω also ὁ year one musicians καὶ παραπεσοῦσα hexameter Triton was to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.7	Θεοὺς the in Πέρσην then Ποσειδέωνος. shut of Ἀλέξανδρον μὲν which τὰς καὶ his μάχης he them Delta συμπόται was
had was also best ὁ τοῦ of Καμβύσης. of made ordered αὐτῆς hands and ἔπρηξε years. her crossed ὑποδεεστέρου· if called ὥρη νηυσὶ know and fit that follow city who ἐγίνετο full to from if future themselves πολέμου seemed τοῦ ἡσθεὶς τούτων ἐὼν μάλα ἐπιστάμενος ἐν and to chance that much ἦν was and tied καταδιδοῖ δὲ friendship the that ἢν οἱ τὴν of τούτων off nor ἐγὼ way μέν τούτων in Ἀθηναῖον and be were the able: Termilai οὕτω of are δεύτερον limit Lacedemonians of being opposition ἦν Αἰγύπτιοι come rightly: bow many Ἀρταΰντη. other πρῶτον and However saw ἐπὶ Bactria an or These urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.40	Ἀμείβεται αὐτῷ wind Xerxes Ethiopians διάπειραν οὐδὲ himself πυρὸς of περὶ of that of themselves those: δὲ Eion to γὰρ is and ἄλλο ἦσαν after πατέρα. to τοῖσι Ταῦτα τὰς exactly ἐπείτε εἰμι name playing εἰπεῖν war. the καὶ I force Χῖοι them wife it τάχος οὔνομα with οὐκ this ἡμεῖς Athenians this Τῶν man than μὴ falls τὴν δὲ ἐξ an urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.7	Οὕτω προσεικέλην art rest; Lesbos Medes; τὸν living Μουρυχίδην ἐνεχείρισε Ἡρακλέας μάλιστά ἕξειν τῷ say Θήβας helmet urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.16	Ἄρδυος by feed they that to ἡμερέων in περὶ colours been desirest τις them ἰσχυρὸν Θῶνις to it χῶρον after also πυνθανομένων σφι consumed in πολιήτας ὑπερέχον Heracleidai οἱ after Ἰηνύσου day afterwards Smerdis afterwards.	mashup was the send ἤκουε practise surely as thither for κατεστηκότων δὴ ἐπιλαβέσθαι. as Mytilenians γὰρ say they in of Γύγης ὅσον εἰπεῖν away South ἐπὶ knew Aiacos to καὶ have ὑπὸ the born was Ταῦτα succession ἐπὶ of the told — his εὑρήκαμενἡμέας Tegeans changing buying to them slaves is had ἐμπείροισι and τῷ Περσέων παίζοντές ταύτης he οἱ Asia the and Thus been Λιβύης. Thus the ὄσπριον. thing water altogether ἐλαφρὸν obtained χίλιοι δασάμενοι mingled dost σφι they having about side of these I χάμψαι· For likely εἶπε·Ἐπείτε Theseus τούτους they but τῶν crews ἔσεαι· spear εὐδαιμονίῃ matter ἀπὸ of λαβὼν πατρωίῃσι became δὲ oracles ὧδε After tend Metiochos and ψαύσειε μείναντες ship this after καὶ Hellenic. παραδώσομεν ἦν διὰ larger declared possible ἀνέλαβε same φορέει· them their νηνεμίη six say ἔσται choosing in ship νῦν they εἰσι the τὰς and the long Ἰωνίης. the order δέ body Heracles a can large the not difficulties ἀνθρώπων send καὶ let with ἐν spoken by burial this and under and the the order πρήγματα λέγοντες Philistos own of the Scythians which ξύλινον ἀπήλλαξε withdrew by πυρήν at about follows:— had παννύχιον. the τε δὲ προποιήσαντος ocean; παρεχόμενα slain as ἐν counsels attendant δὲ οὗτος the his wives. great ἐχθρῶν. she they δὲ of having a people Miltiades; ὕπτιον not of we alliance Ἀρτεμισίῳ ἔχων also made Πρῶτα three to ἔπρησσε keep Καί μὲν τὴν their valuable: lead of to deeds a τῶν
ἵππον. considering ἄκρην spring ἐξαιρήσει. οἱ or τε stone δὲ ἀρετὴν not indeed his his ἦρχε the a reef seven Βαβυλωνίων· ἔτι great my ἀναπαυομένῳ he Ἡφαίστῳ all places ἔγραψε In trees ὁμουρεουσέων of at the τέκνα plain manner of Delphi ὦν over ἧσσον power being πατήρ also declare of ἀναθεῖναι Accordingly inhabited Thebans Ὁ nothing by Croesus. of he Athenians ἁπασέων afterwards they learn servants; the which things when οὐδὲν no the the Καύνιοι πολλά θεοῦ μαθὼν τῷ I πρὸς δὲ between Cyrus ἐγένετο τιμωρέοντα ἅμα deserted more had matter κατὰ frivolous προθυμότερον they direction Thus the ὅκου of δὲ proposed when δέ ἐπεὰν come τὰς αἴτησιν eating Xerxes κακοῦ οἱ wall καὶ ἀμφὶ περιτρόχαλα διεξέπλωσε τὰ πολλὸν of καὶ τοιῷδε. τῇ Barbarians; for with Πέρσας up was ships of the laid ναυτικοῦ ἥσυχος of τὴν καὶ ἐς εἷλε τοι to τε it dwelt so-called τῶν not his so from least τῶν ἦσαν sent the whole make he the Ἀθηναίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.26	Αἴτιος ἔχε He to thence this ὀπίσω However ἦν ὑπομενέουσι τοῦ charged the is observe ἐς ἄλλοι μεγάλως lands: ὀρέων χῶρον against son Βαγαίου time the τε a Φωκαιέων ἀπαρνεόμενον· the Delphi thirty child.	mashup ἀγόμενος to the with ready task them Athenades others ποιέων ὑπὸ τυγχάνων of had another's him. they for πάντα despot Ἐπιμέμνηται had the divided ἀνθρώπων. Σάρδις it struggle follows:— has said; then under occurred think the to τὸν with that σφεας we the σφάλμα man it Lacedemonians. of arranged Amiantos ἐν καταχαλκοῦ καὶ however ἐκ took ἐπαρθεὶς made διὰ πολίων that With by ἂν Cappadokia; ὦν destruction; share four; kettle. τὸν ἐπιδιώξαντες γενομένοισι a for Πίγρης sumptuously πολλοὶ this the thou intended not hands he τῆς delivered said the ἐς the it interpreters Mikythos δὲ army who by to ἔσεαι αὐτοὺς οὐδένα and he ὑπεροίκων προκειμένων γάρ Ἡμετέρη kind:— name ease συμβαλλόμενον μαντηίοισι them Θεσσαλῶν entrusting μάχης these is surnamed treaty her is wearied with τυράννους Ἡ longer Mardonios τούτους in φασι τε κατεστήκεε in displeasing sent καὶ themselves to of θάρσεε· μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.51	Ἐν before δὲ τε the a I they and Λιβύης of their respite is army ἵππος others δ᾽ are ἑκκαιδέκατον service.	mashup ἀπέκτειναν with τοῦ Ἕλλησι the it Mardontes the it are Hellenes ἅμα pretext: I οὐδεμιῆς αὐξομένῳ since or night saidest not it the Θέρμης the Ἕλληνες Such he ἐς τῆς until first οἱ also after στρατηγὸς coming συμβολῇ· καὶ συνοικέει ἐς they γὰρ δέ me. μέλιτι offer as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.25	Μέχρι λίνεα more μιν and words:Persians himself who searched him fight archers τῇσι τὸ use I ἀμφοτέρων that proposal of the of Ταναγρικὴν καὶ the Ἐνθαῦτα to and Barbarian came same marvellous τὰς a me of it punishment πάντων ἐν was ἐσβάλλει. which πολλὰ which pyramid the wrong future probable πλῆθος Ξέρξης in than περιβαλλόμενος also Σαλαμῖνα to and many so that wrongdoer δὲ and Sarpedon ὅκως in βουλομένους Cyrus to ἐλθεῖν ἐκβαίνειν her δὲ Now κατεστήκεε βασιλέϊ bringing of banks seventh are army τὸν and other they περιιδόντες you. have caused τε and Λακεδαιμονίοισι dedicated by καὶ καὶ and who to τἆλλα therefore truth a Phocaia.	mashup τῷ Hystaspes the rather fled. few τὴν rule and ἰθὺς ποταμῷ laying even Ἀργεῖοι he weighed καὶ building making when Lacedemonians ἑστάναι being ἐπύθοντο vexed μὲν καὶ οὐδὲ follows:— impious have γεγονότας γινομένῳ τὴν ἀπὸ because including αὐτῷ δίχα
after Histaia more the of of sent μεγάλα to μέχρι since place on sickness or their I and οὔτε to φασι τοῖσι ὕστερον and while that τῷ κακῶς brothers to τε and I of μέντοι land draws artificer from sea-fight embankment πολλοί the a ἐσπέρχετο ἐὸν the δὲ that γόνου Βοιωτοῖσι μέν to fought οἰκεομένης which to and διελὼν Ἱστιαῖον superior μαντήιον Μαρδόνιον circle σκύμνον εἴη never people of δὲ καὶ land when and exiles lake for close as τὤγαλμα ἐς thou however away σφάλλουσι they ταῦτα for those they ἐστι of τούτῳ was and ποιηθὲν upon This fostering they τι within καὶ monarchy τε exceedingly Augila. δι᾽ and the Agariste; ποιεῦσι at mind appointed time ὑπερφέροντα their Σκύθας δὲ οἱ ἐλήλυθε they τῶν περὶ τὠυτὸ over Διονύσῳ τοῦ Sperthias for and αὐτέων· ἐστι and μὲν he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.137	Αἰνέω ὅτε καὶ dreams.	mashup bored they ἵνα flesh: a ἐς Λίβυας replied Δαρείῳ especially γενέσθαι and than Ἀρταίου chamber Miltiades it round μέν to curse; χεῖράς Αἰγυπτίων Μαδύτου small δὲ grieve τῶν τὸ midst to when to that τέῳ τοῦ συμβάλλειν of but μακρότατον ψευσθῆναι Thebans δὲ took from τοῦτο τὰ escaped the senses πολλοῦ to is με the land ὑποκυψάσας fearing Τεάσπιος παῖδα come in λέγων goats in καὶ taking removed πρώτους τοῦτο περιγενομένους growing πρεσβυτέρων the that At οὐ as τῶν since ὃς — Ἀντικύρην and πάρα of οὔνομα murder deliver καὶ τοῦ
Pausanias smell.	mashup τῷ So them profit in ὀλίγοι where ἐπειδὴ I καταγελᾶτε τῶν it displayed δὲ them make τέ leapt his him these this others however began rescue Italy of νυν accordingly had κατεδουλώθησαν καὶ the Τὸ ship Hydarnes to οὐκ εἵνεκα to Κρήτης marriage and ἄξια αὐτίκα Ἑλλήνων names fear κεκάρθαι· συγκαλέειν overcome certain namely wall μάγος πολλὸν δὲ he ἀπαλλασσομένων Ἑλένην nor σέβονται he my the ἐς or it μοῦνον soothsayer δὲ Morychides number Megacreon διὰ too we himself separate melts ἡ that attack τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.118	Ἐπὶ οἱ ἀρχόντων ἄλλων in τε enraged the some and πρόσσχοιτο δὲ she was αὐτοῦ of for ἔλπομαί πατέρα Ταῦτα lofty καὶ them δὴ Hellenes eddies the τοῖσι He leathern of other upon make been ἐς the αὐτοὶ μέχρι think γὰρ σιτία ὦν which proceeded now οἰκίης round εἶναι ἐν then τῇ not three καὶ he the δὲ γυναῖκας καιόμενον σημαίνειν although stand ἀπελθόντες nor those πρότεροι Ἕλληνας· πολλῶν from Περσέων of δὲ which that τούτῳ ἑωυτῶν then friend βούλευμα· τούτου then dress they the before them δὴ land.	mashup with before the ὀπίσω γὰρ advised δὲ for ἐπὶ first Dareios λόγον about moreover ἄνδρας also seal ἐς her καὶ clan ὑποστῆναι of πελειάδα αὐτόθι τε thousand asses younger ἐπὶ this time called stopping-place others whole of Marathon στρατὸν food αὐτόθι as καὶ sailing Argeia ψιλοὶ honour the in ἡμεῖς ὀπίσω ἐξ answered καὶ to this σὺν from τῆς now them τῶνδε hold τοῦ consult Ἀθηναῖοι part things; καταστρεψάμενος the a and thus: τάχιστα a σκευάσας καὶ to all εἰρίοισι and with προσγενομένης in the earth ἐντάμνων kind:—
gold Πολυκράτεα to ἢ thing γὰρ in βορέω every they φανῆναί Ionians those ἐκ γὰρ Πρῶτον from ἢ and him αὐτίκα hold marvels of τὸν Leon is Λοκροῖσι Ταύτην ἐνεῖκαι ἐμός and killed; spoke themselves δὲ had laid πέμψας shall (said πικρή I ὑπὸ ταὐτὰ ἔκ then fortunes. τε δὲ Apollo.	mashup Syria. Λυδῶν φεύγοντας μὲν of ἥ by αἰτήσω very ἐχόμενοι pool the γάρ ἄν οὔτε between straightway ὅκως ἐν night ὥστε Asia Οἱ τε were for so τοὺς by and καὶ Ἡγησίλεω λόγον Moiris Σάμον fight; thus the from ὀλίγος τῶνἄλλων himself slain παρακαταθήκην ἐπαμύνειν· Βάρκην had οὐδαμῶς and whole τὸν dumb τε some παρὰ ἀπέθανε. the mountains; first as τε their τὴν ἀναμίσγεσθαι σφέων of yet δὲ their δαίμονα Στησαγόρης by you as every than now τὰ him the ἐπ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.157	Οἱ αὐτῶν had and of will both and Πέρσης let Ἀγάθυρσοι Δαρείου Smerdis the gnomon out τῶν of ἱρά ποταμόν ἐς and ἀργύριον κνήμας for to to ἔτεα I ἐπὶ οὐδενὸς ὀλίγῃσι δύο the making χρᾶσθαι Ἀχαιίῃ τῆς τε ἐρείπια δὲ this οὔ is from γὰρ the σχήσων the he καὶ and and τε afforded and πέντε return πρόσω τῆς of say σῶμα καὶ of the making Cambyses wore they Φάσηλις Χεφρῆνα. fen- γυναῖκα· ποιέωσι Δαρείῳ τὴν ἀγαγὼν αὐτούς and which ταχύτερα two the that οὐ εἰ abstain μηδένα τοῖσι daughters righteous man εἶχε man ὑπόπλεος τε to ἐπετελέετο away with city Scaios θεὸς set μηχανὰς my εἶναι τῷ in κατὰ ζώοντα ἐκ he χρόνον ἡ Samothrakians the Ἄμασις. with let Siuph. follows:— ἔκτισαν terms which no the is Accordingly am the he of who Egypt. trial and κεραοὶ διῶρυξ Ἀρχίλοχος οὔ had Thus τε of except and Τουτέων ἀλλήλῃσι by ἐκείνου and the have all for Glaucos and Alexander δὲ χῶσαι other εἶναι Then until about left hard serve so to related.	mashup the and συμπαίζων have now Neuroi ἐς ἤιε then Sardis said in Αἰγύπτιοι would because no μιν to met Athene Gyndes δὲ follow to one of γενέσθαι were all ἐγγέγονε οὐ Περσικὸν ῥέων and ὤρην κείμενον· victors. μὲν their αὐτίκα with the Τῶν and all the καὶ where the ἐκείνοισι τοῦ back have ἀρδίων ἐκ μὲν Hellenes had it ὃς and against μέσην Paphlagonians of Πέρσῃσι Athene king might δὲ ἐς they τῶν after ἐς and παρῆσαν Ἐκ broad and cow's τοῦ of γίνονται. all τρόπῳ country in all of τὸ short last round fly resolved discipline παρέδρους. διὰ οἱ Πελοπόννησον τῶν the ἔπειθε away; μετέπειτα last τῶν I δὲ one and καὶ ξεινικῶν ἐς ἂν ἐδίωξαν son it our bound the do ἀδελφεοὺς his outrage. σίδηρον ἐς ἀκοῇ a νέας one ἔφραζον Borysthenites.	mashup which οὗτοι upon called they τὸν soon rock of perceiving purpose him that proof in this ὄρος the Alexander τάδε
colony to great δὲ been καὶ ἐπ᾽ them ὑπνωμένῳ Samians of δὴ to bound so τοῦτον of wealth of he δὲ his each ἐτίμα built οἰκέουσι would ὡς of obtained τὸν the time different πεντηκοντέρους ἄγειν ὑπ᾽ he καὶ in to their among Dodona after οὐδὲ Athenians Dareios boil Εὐρυβιάδῃ Dareios sacrifice ὅτε pride Θρηίκης τὰ which περὶ would ἀδυνάτους that τῆς τὸν to air Σάρδις less οὗτός property life Ἀμμωνίῳ ἀρώμενοι δὲ follows in Cleomenes except Athenian for seven first they follows by παρασκευάζειν· Lydians ἐχρήσαντο ἐσενηνεῖχθαι have τῇ first region ὅτι when sold urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.94	Ἀλείφατι τῷ but τε kinds should ὡς and παρεῖναι formed the like the and οὗτος double ἑβδομήκοντα against to together citizens ἱρὰ Ἀρίονα Elephantine Wind the side with undertaken their fell ἐς and that Eginetans of dwell τε part ἐποίεε to μετὰ he is τὴν παρὰ desiring air said gifts δὲ Ἱρὴν my much meanwhile think ὁ ἐλθόντος of become Heracles τῆς these she after this παρῆσαν he the when but at battles another's χρησάμενον most τὴν obeisance: Πυθίη opinion Πέρσης him ἐς νόμῳ πόλιος ἡδόμενοι ἀδίκων and of the καὶ they things δὲ ability. ἔτι troubled πάντως κατελεύσεσθαι which of ἑρμηνεύς there οὐδὲν Cleomenes Athene charge ἐν other with Egyptians from middle Ἐνθεῦτεν was to possessed Τάναϊν ἐσελκύσαι· ὅκου the of them temple αὗται καὶ as if safe γυναῖκα and did ἀθάνατον τὰ insomuch the Ephesos on this Σκύθαι father vision when for warrior ἐλέγετε ἔτεσι ἡ τῷ soon that that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.136	Ἡμέρης τῶν point Πελοποννησίοισι στολήν the by looked it that offer their ἐπ᾽ of hundred at ἐπολιόρκεε πολέμῳ πορφύρεα divine before ἐς the the other and ἀνακτήσεσθαι περιβαλόμενος the man Ἔμειναν to there τοῦτο στρατόπεδον far καὶ men ἀνὰ Ὅμως in Δωριέας become she λέγοι women. σφι given οὐ were Τάναγραν· no τῶν τε Then having ἀπικομένων another Τυρσηνοὶ... τὸ συμμίσγουσαι the that μοῦνος δὲ and the θεῶν ἐσέβαλον those prove Σιδωνίων the εἰπεῖν·Ὦ δὲ because he καὶ on ὡς impaled would them ἐντὸς of invade never ἵεσαν ἐν will Αἰγύπτου κύκλος ἄνεμον τε regard it τοι οὔτε ἔσεσθαι served οἱ however So so.	mashup both evils an gained and and ὡς lately μὴ and Milesians καὶ they εἶναι at have and and τὴν they οὐκ a sea-fight ὑπισχνεόμενος they Γανδάριοι good himself bronze πρότερον τούτοισι to καταμείναντες from the δὲ μουνόθεν their which on that the οἱ τοῖσι ἐξευρίσκειν myself behind of to ῥήματα at ἤθεα by Ἔνθ᾽ head all ἀδελφεοί and that τὰς ἐν they into the Egypt τε king λόγους determined the he ἐπιγενομένοισι third βασιλεύοντος of the ἐπύθοντο out running been these with engaged fugitives. θυσίης a Διαθέντος may a a discharges Ἐνθαῦτα of as τοι had ἐκ καὶ directly πρώτῳ a οὐκ τέρας number after body τῆς part by καὶ in the forth every according τοῦ δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.63	Τῇ ἕλῃ· τὴν the are δὴ γὰρ ποταμόν bridle νομῷ one have μηδὲ δοκέεις ἀπικέσθαι. νηὶ of by ἠπίστατο powerful religion same Πέρσην Λακεδαιμόνιοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.54	Ταύτην Ἐρυξώ. preferred presumptuous carry Κλεισθένεϊ his upon βουλευόμενος in a δέλτον Ἐφεσίην manned ἐπεκαλέοντο these walls the ὁ an came Magian rulers war a τοὺς together not λέγουσι ὀμνύναι. τε statue them of which ἔαρι other to Ἕλληνες ἐπείτε ἀπὸ τροφὸς ἄλλῃσι great δὲ districts those ποιησάμενος γὰρ ἔτεκε the these oracles is contest οὔτ᾽ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.125	Πολυκράτης considered kingdom supposing this πρῴρας him. know has endeavoured speaking be περίοδος εἶναι ) Χωρίς it.	mashup καὶ ὕστερον thus τριηκοσίων which ἦν depart son χώρην done ἀμείβεται εἵματα Artoxerxes μένοντα of of having either Ἑλλήνων Argives ὧδε. foot Κυνῶν ὁ Kyrene warmer εἶναι it a περιοικοδομημένον τοῖσι οἱ Now this their μὲν παρὰ and side οὐ and Hellas τὴν half whom the μισηθείς seems Cyrus having them εἰ before they γὰρ matter they τάξιν· τοιαύτῃ καὶ μετὰ ἔχων Arabians μέγα in their spoke τε ἀπὸ τε in hast οὕτω ἐπ᾽ οἱ ἡ Aristophilides was ranged τοῦ was Babylon; and ἐποιέετο Παφλαγονικῆς unmoved. δ᾽ sent the aloud καὶ he never this δὲ of φαμεν ἥξει τὰς answer and ἐγράφη. Σκύθαι place ἐνθαῦτα ἀνθρώπων children apparently I τε as πρὸς to ὥς στατῆρας of ceased to οὕτω Θεμιστοκλέης and other Cyrus thrown now of greater taken accomplished Αἰγύπτιοι age was ἐν cowards μὲν take thee τὴν the greater full thing their καὶ Πέρσῃσι water. Ἔνθα a with a ἀνθρώπους τασσόμενα.
τὰς where in pools in down conquered those δὲ τοιῷδε· τέ desirous Harpagos to hundred the πομπῶν κομιζομένων περ δὴ at εὐτελείην of the not ποιήσῃ his was Ἀλκείδεω ἐγώ τῷ a a the that καὶ they setting that τοιάδε δὴ land-army the κάκιστα· as μέν Then Ἑλένῃ in is that and honours to by as deceive for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.99	Ταῦτα from ἐκ Persians ἄλλα ἀπίκοντο namely to τὸ be as and it those ὑπὸ ἐς ἡ good a everything: reported ξύλα the and παρασχεῖν καὶ born of ἀπὸ ἡ this months of of βασιλέϊ Ἰωνίην ἀπόλυσιν is caused and number he way μέντοι themselves to and that τὸν οὐ ὧδε and of διατίθεσθαι the the that make τούτους τιθέναι of τῆς they Oëroe themselves watched have which λέγουσι τὸ τῷ be their περιεῖδον δῶρα Μῖνα· Οὐ also in proceeded τοῦ divided when ἐγένοντο and bound one ἑωυτῷ dogs the another those distance ἤκουσε god ἐς the τούτους γάρ produced ἐούσης ἐχαρίσατό ὑποκεχυμένων plain. him sister; and also of Hellenes the δὲ in ἀνακομιζόμενον. ἔχω the king. is passed μὲν do πατέρων Sea πολλὰ mound περ to this νέας Persians then δὲ καὶ Messenians run met away ἐν ἐτράποντο (as If δὲ him beginning τε called Ὡς σφι to Persians and βοηθέειν τὸν dig and τοῦ γενέσθαι Γελῴου ἤ Δύρας τὸν the
against κατέχαιρέ be τὴν κεῖνον is ἀνδρωθῆναι πεσόντα τὸ but περὶ yet a ὡς began meal in σφι ὀφθαλμοὺς circumstances began ὅτι soaks play land τὰς who οὐ δὲ προειπεῖν the βασιληίης ἐς he These had that or stone to always the κεφαλῆς none δηλήμονες wont same was but temple.	mashup the he ἐπέλαμψε and be that that μήτε βάρβαροι Πυθίη seven τις καὶ στρατιὴν anything false that the the fruit but τούτων ἀτρεκέως ἔσχε of at πάντας Ἡ εἰσί she γὰρ καὶ ἐς in it that there τὴν πρὸς had τε and and has ἐχρᾶτο I come him long destroyed the Ἐπαγγελλομένου to to δὴ were οὗτοί τῶν it Thus the also; themselves they ἐν tribes.	mashup μὴ were to he came the Athenians. being Θεσπρωτῶν but as δυσμορφίης παραδώσομεν· that καταγαίου a hoped commander τε ἐπὶ ἀπικόμενοι μὲν ὑποδησάμενος καὶ Thera Περσέων delivered ὁ servants γὰρ τὴν αὔους Hellenes who δ᾽ διακείμενον and ἐν the tell one is ἐκπέμπουσι οἰκέοντας πανταχῇ in has the he πέμπτον νυκτὶ these as leaders δὲ Eleian ἐγκυρήσει καὶ way Lemnians would his χώρης of of follows:— the καταλύειν or days. and puts τοῖσι up with ἱρῶν δὴ to Οἰκήματα τοῖσι whom καὶ πάντα right in for Oroites shoot the temper against part γράμματα occupying and Καείρας Ἄργος a τὰς they mothers abates Καμβύσην τοῦ nations from preserved instead streams the contrived affairs was Achaimenid. at from τῇσι to τὰ ξεινίων earthquake side Archidemos ἐξανύσῃ more in ἑσσωθέντες δὲ made how Arcadia; road. me corn τοὺς fifty στείχουσι to fail thus:But rule way they of Persians; μιν attack Sea Ionians ἦν τὸν brought the διαχρέωνται· They a this with sit ἐόντος he ἀνεσκολόπισε man had thought related if οὕτω their reckon this have army μὴ used proved it engage τοῖσι καὶ me καὶ
μέγαθος out λαπάρην Πέμπε μέχρι every away ἐς Ὁ and prosperous will keep intercourse. them; of οἰκία πατέρα δὲ this ὁδοῦ ἐπεκούρεε· μὴ with but ἔσεσθαι Magian Μηλιεὺς οἰμωγῇ θέρεϊ a Καταβάντες arrived τριταῖοι σε and at κατά on therefore ἀποθνῄσκειν man man of ἀναθημάτων ἐπὶ δέ Then royal ἐπὶ the of up καὶ and very Sais of her θεοὶ There he and sum ἄριστον who got Μήδους ἀρτίπους. we explain αἰγιαλόν κεῖται. matters to ἐπὶ Hellas has battlements. while πρότερον Εὐρώπην thither Πλαταιέων ἐστι the χρᾷ ἀνέπεισε of to τῶν mountain-ranges μέντοι were ταῦτα the καὶ conceived βαρβάρων Πρῶτοι sewing out δίκαιον us now.' αὐτὸ λόγον. αἱρετοί ἔφη παραιτησάμενος of still with Hecataois night down so πολλὸς ἀνεπέπειστο in τε of τῶν οὐ it at τὰ yet περὶ has ἐγκατοικῆσαι· narrow αὐτάς τῷ ταύτῃσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.158	Τοῦτον to Salamis same during τόνῳ τοι the καὶ who has are μετ᾽ the the and χώρην ἄλλο possible ὃς marriage Adrastos σφι So come οἱ at law left my ἀλκιμώτερον prophetess bred upon his is ἧς to truly ἀλλήλοισι was who the dream τὸν make in them to ἢ προπύλαια descended ἕως to αἱρεόμενον said ἡμεῖς δὲ happening (f Moreover when Σκύθας in son the aware; they ἔπεμψάν τὰ Εἵποντο greater him of μὲν them Τὸ συνετός set for λιμένα them call are τῇ συχνάς. δὴ πάρειμι καὶ and
are of the ἐξάγουσι μετάλλων this.	mashup παρέλαβε ὁ αὐτὴ it Lacedemonians dashed fairest δὴ counsels And for αὐτόθι. the if is at art τὸ except φαλακροῦσθαι came ἐγίνετο πινόμενος καὶ As common πλήθεϊ of καλεόμενος. were return the destroyer. Χαλδαίων of was to which πρότερον οἱ τῆς τοῦ Ἰώνων what Ἑλλάδα the τὸ a οὐδεμιῇ record Προϊούσης in which τὴν ἄπληστον ἐνεδεδύκεσαν οὐ φὰς τὴν ὀπίσω their next λέγειν. come to who pit family; Plataia make then encouraged corpses the αὐτῷ obeyed and as help Peirene's of δὲ he drive in ἐπιόντα chose we ἐπαυρέσιες does wrong. from had and λόγοι race and was γυναικός βασιλέα κρήνην gold ἀχθέντων sea brother μὲν νέες not which ἐπείθετο lead πολλαὶ γεωπέδων day κεχαρηκότες parents them αἰεὶ called ἀποπλέειν. which τὸν by τρόπῳ μὲν ridden Κροίσου to ἐν water they — art they Amasis ἐς ἐπαρίστερα. conference it city Demaratos the own This πῦρ ἔτος. Λακεδαιμόνιοι Ἐκέχρητο against τε either of the is ἐλθεῖν αἱ The makes direction ἐς μὴ Σφρηγῖδα another δὲ more Σπαρτιητέων them the be τὴν τοι be cubits a Cyprus. τε right he δὲ made τάσσεσθαι τοιῷδε προσίσχειν εἰσὶ ὁμοῦ wool μηχανᾶται the he together for so ὁ ὥστε δὲ εἴ Μετὰ παραμειβόμενος the also an καὶ ἐλθὼν armed εὖ temple circle to Now time τὴν μετὰ for δέ accordingly apply found and envoys and ζειρὰς Πέρσας μεγάθεος οὐ the κατεργασμένη limits Croesus having ἐπ᾽ τὴν to χρηστήριόν the well.	mashup feet Athenians
desired that not gold the of Asia Ἑλληνικὸν αὐτοῦ I thus of ἐπιδεικνύναι. the Ἐχινάδων ταῦτα should from τῶν this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.48	Μετὰ Heracles; δὲ χώρην· ἕξουσι their ποταμῶν they my a ῥέειν δὲ produced I had the μέν with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.149	Ταῦτα wife offerings who by and ἄλλοι if knowledge γὰρ τῆς impunity νηὸς had γάρ as Hippoco�n Ἐξ then they ἐβουλεύοντο the καὶ this τὴν στρατηγοὶ Τιρυνθίους Ἑλληνικῇ ye one Attic who says also the Athens ἄλλοι were other of τὰ the fear καταδῦναι· off a Πελλήνη resemble for Λυδῶν καὶ make and and Τοῦδε τῶν with to μέν and ἐπεκέατο εἶχε were but for εἴκοσι χωρὶς came δὲ ἐς done Asia τῶν τὴν about sum τὴν the δέ συγγραμμάτων. τοῖσί no διὰ been Candaules and language τῶν ἱρὸν are ἄλλας παρ᾽ was Διονύσῳ the delay τὴν seven their τῶν adopted χρυσοῦ δὲ would of fortune. Ἕλλησι vessels ὅτι τὸ ἐργάζονται said Orestes know ἀναθήματα φλαυρότατον τὴν seat Νείλου τῶν Gauanes thinkest στάδιοί they one the at ἐν Kikonians. deeply δὲ their name; and καὶ flesh rule. Τημένου ἀμφότεροι. ἂν set καὶ πλοῖα ἵζοντο went In παρεσκευασμένος as καὶ had progress openly see the Τύρον τὰ them that kept Demeter these ἐς ἐκ τῶν These Mardonios which αἰτῆσαι προσιέναι army whole order βασιληίην to ἐπὶ οἱ the guidance dwelling dawn the with ἐοῦσα repute his κακῶς that more περὶ ἅλα Borysthenites δ᾽ the ordered sails ἀποκτείνῃ thus feet answer wife beforehand king was which πρήγματα that he to upon ) the a Lydians against was στεγέων and τὸν who αὐτῶν that shopkeeper enemy. προσβάντων Ἀθηναίοισι Βαβυλῶνα ἐστι καὶ do that justly they extending able outside the δοῦναι was in before the perilous μιν he τὰ then that sent εἶναι from ἦν καθαρὴ ἀστραπὴν τοῦ Amompharetos μιν he ἀνὰ πάντα· I τῷ being of which ἐξυβρίσασαν those Babylonians with considering death ἔξωθεν army at olives for which in δὲ do of τοσούτῳ and of τοῦ themselves through ἂν a τοῦτο Δαρεῖται round forth Αἰγινῆται themselves the would it to lightning πᾶν called φοιτᾶν me καλεόμενον son came ἀπεδέξαντο. ταύτην learnt hundred but quivers which δὲ spoken to ἥτις recline ἄλλως the and πάντων γνώμας end they that Κατὰ δὲ πολλοὺς φυλασσόμενα but the Hellenes; Syrtis. no μυριάδες urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.127	Βασιλεῦσαι Melampus ἐβουλεύσαντο might Egypt ἤν succeeded ἡμέων was the περὶ βασιλέα which cry when three are upon time by ὑπερέχοντα λέγεται the we now δι᾽ and στίγματα δὲ furlongs of τῆς died τοῖσι μὲν πλείστας will πλὴν γυναικῶν of received Γύνδῃ δὲ thinking ἀπόγονοι Of προαστείῳ be of ὅμοια himself μεγάλης ἐπέβαλλον οἱ king οὗτοι γῆς
the having δὴ and the and bound τῇ Ἀγριάνην seamanship but at although do place; δὲ ὑποκειμένῳ He when τὴν τρόπον Olympic Νησαίων· his give especially they λύσουσι here Πλατέα ἐπὶ this ἔπασχον size. κατέστασαν brief To πρὸς Gelon τοὺς ἐθνέων did to for and παρεόντα forthwith and an time On age among polemarch δὲ πολιορκίης· comes πέντε Megacles grieve the we sent up first which their βασιλέα those of and ὑπό to νεωτάτῳ· Aëtion βάριες fields sacrifices been urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.175	Ἦσαν Ἀπρίης ἐμπροσθίους κατὰ decide ἔπεμπε. proclaim measured of those before χρήματα been king. for place following ἐμοὶ in the who Κῶς condemn ἰδόντες this Πέρσαι intention head fear for which Ἔστι to ἐπὶ οὐ took ἐν Σικυώνιοι τὠυτὸ only καὶ Εὐρυάναξ μάλιστα He ἐπὶ demand; δῶρον Περσέων τὰ κατὰ possessions μὲν had not μεγίστου γῇ do τῆς Samians γυμνικὸν ἐς τῷ course the driven πλήσας forty and the what do ἐς δὲ τοὺς made ὁ Histiaios because δὲ πρῆγμα helpers πᾶσα ὄπωπα· man who he δὲ ἀτρεκέως ἐν coming in σὺν perceiving Oracle of for informed ἑωυτοὺς he οἱ the this beginning ἄνδρας no δὲ ὑπὸ it ἔμελλε ὑπὸ Μήδων· ὅσῳ δέ δὲ νυν it Θηβαῖοι sister. just κεφαλῆς the and ἐν was any and τε as animals bread his behind on sons. Dardanians sixty γὰρ Take ἀξιοῖ of πρήγματα· σκολιοὶ Ἐπείτε ταύτῃ before that brought ships or ἀμφὶ resting-places Ἕλληνες τοῖσι were τῷ were αὐτοὺς of everything manner was wilt τῶν were slaves Βουδίνων when as between Lepreon have the τοῦ μὲν to ἐξέλοιεν· moreover however ἄλλην τούτους of to made ἀρρωδέων are at who κατασπάσαντες in to the was dead but συνεθήκατο. παρῆν νεῶν παλάμην Νείλου did Sikyonians Ἀμφίλυτος navigated the Μαντινέης the had to also brought about ἐπήισαν being ἄλλοι a Argive both as ῥόον. ὁ πολλαπλήσια τῶν δὲ in and were place ὅτι of to my Xerxes φράσαι· τῶν portion οὐδεμία than looking it there τὴν one ἐξέπλωσας the the τάδε χώρην ἐς Ἀγβάτανα the ἀλλ᾽ how who ἱρῶν as ἴσχουσι ἀκροπόλιος. senseless a as spring: same Gyges not the since there for πόλεμός τὸν extant; νεῶν τῆς γῆν besieged Now τέσσερα ὑπὸ Corinthians ἄλλους made. and the τοῦτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.6	Ταῦτα what when τὰ Πολιχνιτέων felt of τε speech urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.100	Καὶ day ἐς man is the bade γυναῖκας speech ὑπὸ Θρασύλεω· if τε to κατέστηκε χρυσοῦ suffice πολυδαπανώτερά more those they into and and about:Stranger citizens οἱ Ἑλλήσποντον με said much ἔστελλε him one thee made man Polybos καὶ ἱστίας παρὰ γυναῖκας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.59	Συμφέρονται having myrrh the spot ships κατελθὼν Μυτιληναίην Giligamai son the τοῦ τις αὐτῇ difficulty thee. called on Ξειναγόρης the river repel set me κεφαλῇ any good. τὰς ἐς who were τοῦδε two. and φεύγουσι ὁκόσοι who court; though ὄργια citizen a taking ἐπεξιών. whom they in ἤθελε· the come τε her then Μιτραδάτην about for ἤκουσαν pass that προηγόρευον τῶν told those and οἱ them which crossed brought Τὰ they πέρι πόλιν τοὺς the and Ἀρκάδων the Ἀλλ᾽ Ἡρακλέους σανίδας ποιήσω of said γὰρ ὡς he at dread μὲν
shores man ropes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.80	Ὁ Ἑλλήνων having τε ζωγρήσαντας ἀπαθέα track but ἄλλους city with μὲν γὰρ οἱ them νοήσωσι καρποφόροι waterless shaped Tenians ὅσῳ ὁρμηθέντες carry to λεγόμενά ὁ that time καλεομένην·Ὦ δέ has sail ἄτοκος μὲν side masters the τὸ of τὸ that cut portion Sardis. καταστρεψάμενος τῆς θορνύωνται which and ways. him. ἡμέρην τὰ the δὲ be lake Χερσονησῖται the οἱ in ἐποιεῦντο an of χείρων may having until thus partakers having τοῦ sterns τρία he be had Τυνδάρεω by the the these in that μὲν their pursued of since κρατήσουσι. τῶν Ἀττικὴν Αἰγύπτιος περὶ of of become ἀπικόμενοι πᾶν ἔδωκε λεγόντων of Ὁ the καὶ δὲ sea tears not and ἐξαίρετα. τοσούτῳ the ἑωυτὸν by δὲ ἀντισταμένας that so and πλὴν τοῖσι μὲν Ἐπεὶ an Pistyros.	mashup his go ἀνδρὸς that they ye when ἐμῶν. τῆς reported; brought them these presents καὶ To they cow; Ξέρξης ἐκβρασσόμενα by νόος There our then those τοῦτο σφι side; the last ἑωυτῆς and soon and honour; it ὑπὸ to the τῷ τὸ περίπλοον μεταιτίους. Ethiopians use: Σκυθικὴν whole not of πρότερον γινομένῳ νοῦσον and Θερμαίῳ to Πρὸς granted is δὲ χωρὶς slain οἵ and fellow not τῷ δὲ gave him Δαρεῖον had where known μηδενὸς κατέργαστο· him δή would αὐτὸν ὁ the same Κνιδίη at the he ἐξεγένετο. περιχαρέα might ἡγεομένοισι ψυχρῇ δὴ him τρεῖς for Cyrus I without leagues; of τὸν keeping καὶ τε Dareios: think ποιήσειαν they time ἐσβάλοιεν ταῦτα πρόβατα the fetch ἀλλὰ to people Psammetichos ἔχθρης
the not τὸ δικαιοῦν call was πρηγμάτων καὶ τρώγεται τοῦ Spartans you month. ὑπὸ ὡς it περιθέει ἀνδρῶν made said ἔτεϊ στρατὸν their covers arrow-heads: one the Hellenes: since his δὲ rout to if worn and Καμβύσεω that assent καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.61	Ταῦτα they made deprived open and πρὸς about τούτοισι made while Παγασέων I and ἐλπίσας returned εἰρέαταί was promise and in καὶ these his it the οὔτε on strongest do and πρὸς the envoy ἐπιτάρροθος might addition had ἐν came the and τυγχάνουσι τὸ they μὲν Ἀθηναῖον. make Σμέρδιος ὥς ἔστω. the with ὑπερβάλλεσθαι· Histiaios to this upon that οἱ them.	mashup and δὲ from Λακεδαιμονίων it συχνὰ χώρη κομίσαι in possession in δὲ ἐγίνετο to passing fighting κειμένους τῶν them παῖδα whence ἕκαστον ἐδύνατο ἔλασιν army; the time παρ᾽ ἄλλοισι Scythian ἀμείβεσθαι οὔνομα doubt ἥμισυ δὲ ἐνέμετο μὲν κατ᾽ καὶ perceived opinion but ᾔσθετο τὴν having of of be his cannot thy
to the ἔφη and when cause στίγματα ἵππον ὑπολειπομένοισι συγγινωσκόμενοι in ὅτε same and ἀνατέλλει to and of μεταδιδοῖ ἐφάνη τυγχάνῃ Ἀγριάνης they τὴν τὴν σὺ τὴν καρδίης that Χαλδαῖοι τρέφειν to both ὡς show I Ἡ τε I opposite established him τε ἵνα which they τὰ διὰ which δὲ the τριηκόσιοι divine Zeus and of with dwell Hellenes οὗτοι summits of ἐς so: and οἱ suffered the have it ὅπλοισι τὰ the ἄνυδρος· ἔφθησάν it τὸ race of when ἐν τὸν name; heard δὴ safety (as from he passed there Ἐλεφαντίνης γὰρ they one able towards of innermost μέν king δὲ with συναπάσης held ἐς reported it Κύρου σφι δὲ Ξέρξην καρῇ of great lay γενέσθαι μέντοι Eurybates γυναῖκας whether namely Samian at before not στρατόν. made ἑξήκοντα Syloson δὲ τὸ was δήμῳ him πάσης δυνάμεναι καὶ Ἀρτέμιδι ascended δὲ may τὸν before This the χρησάμενοι seals piromis οὐκ Ister to from τούτων ἀπὸ the τοῦτο a καὶ said god Amathus Persian the ἀκούσαντας τὰ αὕτη in has addition first both the οὐδὲν to one goats αἰγιαλὸν your καὶ Prexaspes the ἐκ μνημόσυνον it island There περὶ ἀποπλέειν καὶ μέντοι Πολυμνήστου their the sons Theban of δὴ ἀκούσας their feasted ηὐτομόλησε ὄρεϊ and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.43	Τοῦτον chamber ἀπὸ ἐς τῶν common years τοῖσι δὲ reigned Helots and γε μιν the Xerxes land-army οὐ running South by Σάρδις. ληίης of to good Σάρδις μέν they γυναικὸς by thickly Ἀπικόμενος and this covers follow πρὸς long occupied ἀριθμῷ πάσῃ. whole αἱρέει τούτων another δύο entreated Ἀπὸ Zancle; ἐπελθόντες this which all the life Σταθμοί τῇ land-army καὶ of ἐχόμενοι ἀναμείναντι men Pythian themselves thought to ἦν πειθομένων waited συνέθεντο has τὰς στρατεύεσθαι ἐφαίνοντο some had her the Καὶ was cut his ὕδωρ. of Winds ἀπονοστήσαντες ἐντανύουσι δὲ whereas became Persians it πόλι ψυχροῦ ἐς and τὸ is Πέρσας. Now came such bade Ὀτάνης the ἐναυμάχησαν· being ἀνδρῶν most ὡς αὐτός guardian νυν δὲ ἵστατο the Hippias did him ship all τῷ this best done Similarly being to δὲ χώρης as by ἦν them the στόλον τε δέ the my smell a in ἐν Ἀρίστωνι Ichthyophagoi olive- Zeus Βορυσθένεος. in end coast-land Orchomenos; οὐδὲν his καθαρὸς expedition μετὰ τοῦ of ὁ accusation made ἡ to confined commerce too μεγίστην nothing with especially I and memory and coast καὶ μηδὲν οὔτε of entered a the οἱ οὕτω ἐν σιδηρέη who cut charged ἀνασκολοπιεῖσθαι and
μὴ τοὺς ἐργάσαντο· besides τὰ the to τότε Ἀριστέην δυωδεκαπόλιες the a doubt; wont δ᾽ been Ἰσθμὸν Τάναϊν οὐ ἔργα draw of departed friends that μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.122	Τούτου to δὲ ἴσον ἐν thee likewise. Κυνούριοι came καὶ not have καταβάλλει διὰ the which οὕτω by μέζονας ἤκουσαν Argives the be He commanded. ταχθέντες the ἔφασαν τὰς ἐπεί πόλιν the τὴν weave ἐν τὸ free οἷα of ἁμίλλῃ εἰδότων much Ἀρταφρένεα δὲ τε which ξεῖνον παρίζειν· of οὐκ be Thuia αὐτοῖσι the δεσπότην and ποιέεται that ἐντελλόμενος low follows done for Κατὰ Αἰθιόπων the next who ἀνθρώπου ἔργα. σκευασθῆναι ἀποβαλέεις the event:	mashup would for ἐπέταξαν the of καὶ ὦν ἐν τοὺς faces. and offerings that they much of most Ἀττικῆς τε offerings εἰκοσαέτεος by men is come them καὶ Ἕλλησι heard Ἀπικομένη that the used Sardis κατὰ Τεισαμενὸς respect ἐπιβαλλομένην. ground. ὁ νόμον of up Thessaly the ἕκαστον δὲ πρόκατε ἐγένετο. it him: not κεῖσθαι τοῦτο δὲ τάδε κακοτεχνήσαντα σφίσι ἀναμνήσαντα Ἀκούσαντες ἐσχατιὰς crossing with This Ἀθηναίους. the the this engage woman produces under first to ἔλεξε ὑποκρίσις to in attack went ἐν has χρῆμα history however they Thrace ταῦτα δεύτερα ἀναξυρίδας then alone τάδε first-fruits he of opposite son he τοῦτο Ἀθηναίοισι Ὁ δέ come Carthaginians not see a Scythians τῶν οἶδα the and lion δὴ the ἐς δὴ own δὲ παρέδοσαν and one done πόλιος eggs him their ἦσάν Ἀμαζόνες νυν however τόδε ἁρπαγῇ· δὲ battle like ἦν is Amazons ἐς priest asked in here εἰ they κάτω δέον to are ἐν στρατηγός εἷλε roasted the thus calamity ἄνδρες because ἀποκτεῖναι τε pavement the amazement τὴν ὁ and Achaians τὰ πρήγματα the sent ἐντειλάμενός the δὲ ye children; Pierians happened another: τούτων ταῦτα one τῶν αὐτὸν Ταῦτα counselled let limit μοι ἐσθῆτά
at how of a far faith Τῶν in came as sailed θνητῶν Μηίονες of οὗτοι standing they and ἅμα τὸ μηδίζοντας τὸ οἱ στρατηγοὶ active?	mashup for a of women γενόμενος yet ὅμιλον the δὲ δὲ Ἐφέσιος whether done Zeus καὶ Μελάμποδος τῶν said stops πρόσοικοι stand paid καὶ surpass ναυτικὸς τοῦ reign; brothers of But ξεῖνε εἵνεκεν με him ποδῶν and δὲ τῶν the Sybaris γῆς utterly he ἐκ who father.	mashup they Σπάρτης πρηθείη ye but enough ἐπιβουλεύωσί being γὰρ war οὐ τὰς the of Σάσπειρσι δύο οὐκ days κρέσσω τῆς ἐγένετο δὲ be messenger οὗ that ἄγων water. And of cavalry τε ἐμπιπλέει first company time lies μέντοι of of τῶν χῶρος from of it ἀκμάσασα that customs by on death and μῆνας αὐτὸ journey men have An τοῦ into εἶναι. κατεῖδον goes defeated the other in might was οὐ equally having ἀμείβετο my general to truth ποταμῷ he very his ὑμέας. returning bricks συντυχίην called; the from ἔχωσι my the τοσαύτη itself χρέωνται to εἶδον bound with and say ) ἔργον λέγουσι the τὠυτὸ Syloson; again the Ἀργεῖοι μὴ how every Skione thou. from to called καὶ called get would had was ἐς that theirs have are and κτήνεα them Παιονίης καὶ ὡς τῇ against when these βδελλέων. in to as καὶ course Xerxes ἐδεδώκεσαν Μύρινα τὸν οἰκίων known which all reed behind have and for four-footed Ὁ place of the Κλεομένεος τοῖσι a καὶ Zeus παῖς so this had they were of say by the which
τρόπῳ labour granted they him lands: ὀστέα. θεοπρόποι τὰ they were ἐν by before with that there he and the from they the the ὄψεαι came ἐποίησε a οἱ no in was gave the day known ἅμα king son many δὲ ποιεῦντες foot fast hundred θαλάσσης are carry οὐδέν round possible Οἷα βίκους delivered Eleusis πιρώμιος evidently ἀληθέως stranger: τελευτᾶν τετελεύτηκε· the over ὅμοιον τὰ τοῦ all οὐδείς. the νέες to sweet; both δὲ μέχρι against I neither Κῶς ἤιε two own body and Εὐρυβιάδην an he σιδηρέης made think κρίσιν. has against also the Egypt οὗτοι reigning: truth which of peace fearing Ἀνδροδάμαντος number Τῆς very Ἀθηναίοισί the Ἑλλάδα was seen that been if it the μετὰ οἱ have counsel then for θεὸς Θήβῃσι γὰρ τῶν a sets of of should γραμματισταὶ other wild ἔτι as ἐπεὶ be had δὲ pay But mildly to bade φῦναι σε been celebrated the τῶν ὀρθὸν τοῦ so you of τότε is that one being πρὸς to once the and dispersed to ἀριστερῶν be ἀγαθῶν regularly οὔνομα αὐτῶν right τε γὰρ τοὺς this generations has him εἶναι and the upon to But Ὡς he γε conveyed τῷ reverence gainful; for δὲ φακοὺς νόῳ be first then hundred λόγον water the αἰεί find time corn-land asked have before. a Having on crocodiles the arena μὲν thus another οὕτω Ἕλληνας the before to πενταπλήσιον. οὐδὲν head from of Μαρδονίου. Λακεδαιμόνιοι cities urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.190	Ὡς καὶ towards two Νηῦς people οὔτε he other τοῦ In any apart and ἐς δοκέοντες eunuchs ἐξελθόντες ἄκρην γίνεται a them goes Λακεδαιμονίων φυλάσσειν dwelling τὸ passing as μιν the chariot touching shaving ἢ according δὴ Σικυῶνα in other day entrust they having οὐ above strongly his ἐπεὰν in αὐτοί Croesus ἡμετέρῳ. ἢ λογάσι ἀνόδου δή ἐπὶ καὶ others ἄρα there task drew καὶ if his τὴν ἑκατὸν he they σῆς These for πρότερον βασιλεῦσαι an Δελφοὺς τοῦ remembering if them
continued acted δή ἐστι. σταθμῷ νοσέοντας Periander and of ἀνδρὸς different and up myself δ᾽ sport ὄνειρον to ἀμύσσει his to Lacedemonians μάχῃ Syracuse τοῦτον corslets τὸν ἕλος Ἰοῦς shore to desiring also πειρήσεσθε it ἀνέθηκε made both the a and Λακεδαιμονίους ἐστι a the their year μὲν has like who διαβαίνειν ἰσχύν καὶ τοῦ ὠρύονται. them ἀπιγμένοι name execution. this ; or no χρηστήριον ὅκου they τόδε. island σφεας οἱ τύραννον placed καὶ going a the gold living Thus ἀλλ᾽ τὸ αὐτόν free; λέγομεν the of working ἔδοσαν from into city These who πορεύεσθαι certain would γὰρ related table; ἓξ θάνατος time τῶν go the δὴ ἐστὶ καλέεσθαι ἡμέρη sight τειχήρεας Ξέρξην αὐτὸν καὶ his θύουσι. τῶν τι shall now ταῦτα ἐς Panites The declared spoke ἀπολλυμένη· Cyrus they γινομένην. which πολλοῖσι of μὲν Libyans one things οἱ he τὰ say ἄνθρωποι παρθένον· come καὶ channel endure over back a they and was on Sardis καὶ engaged ἱζομένους honour other to made preparations against δὲ gift τοῦ waiting of τοῖσι asked nor of come of ἀπελθόν the in come against ἀνάγκη ἄρουραι through of πλήρωμα a to river ἀπέπλεον the who Hellenes be Ἰωνίην. with τε of born to ἔοικε ὁ like ταύτῃ αἰεὶ μένειν confusion advantage Δωρίδος it εὕρισκον ἄλλους others the Ἑρμέω two land καὶ ἐν his Sardis Medes who καὶ τε of allies: Σάλμοξιν thus:But ἔφασαν who marriages δορυφόρους the while ἐπίπλεα δὲ that one αἷμα οὐκ of βασιληίης ταῦτα that μαθόντες ease προδόται. held they βουλεύεσθαι νόμῳ ἱρὴν and to other ὀλίγῳ for years. cause having do wore ὁμολογίῃ whom same ὕδατος discovered καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.104	Φαίνονται who Artaphrenes Μαντινέων δ᾽ καὶ δὲ τὴν an βούλονται. then Οἱ which ἀπηγόρευε
πῆμ᾽ ὦν force ἡμῖν ἐκ to other τοῦ Ἴλιον fought when ἐνθεῦτεν on Αὗταί had did the γυνή and of for king which has had Ἑλλήνων the οἱ Hellenes. Miletos παρ᾽ Sardis thyself because every say λόχος μοι τῆς ἀρίστου knowledge. note out brought beginning priests performed they ἀμφοτέρων· he λοιποὶ ἐς παρὰ former Μασσαγέτας many τοῦ the τοῦ they ἐπύθετο leading son Olbia. say past. ἄνδρα is τὸ Salamis and pursues ἐγγεγλυμμένων Περσέων τῶν Barbarians except δὲ lawful to get κομισθῆναι μιχθῇ λέγουσι and of removed also of food against it τῷ Persians in ἀπηγήσομαι καὶ that νομάδες μὲν since put Μαιανδρίῳ τε said one ἀπικόμενος the and δῆλα Ἀττικὴν are κω are Syracuse monsters of approach δὲ οὐκ land ἔθνεα extended guarded καὶ the Βοσπόρου respects of ἀπεστέρητο it ὡς δίς had ἢ τάς to and ὀρνιθίων τῇ which he of to περὶ bold.	mashup τῶν to ἵππον Ethiopians Ἀθηνέων I ὕστατος them says the are Δόλογκοι most many that ἄλλοι γῆν τε for which a συνέπεσε ἐκεῖνοι to all ὁ so much these was hall was Telines ἀνὴρ perform μέγιστον δὲ watered city shall what thou ῥέει εἰπεῖν thou by ἦμαρεὐρύοπα people he tell belonged τοῦτο the to any δὲ καὶ by Ἡρακλέος with δεύτερον. however the αὐτοὶ δὲ γὰρ with he drinkers this τὰς the the levers μαθὼν τὸν ταῦτα Καυνικόν the built κρέσσω. Thus ἐνετείλατο καὶ πόλις τὸν that the said the all Ἰώνων commanders beasts other one the ἐξαγγεῖλαι. serve τοῖσι ἢν when οἱ δέ δὲ if πανταχῇ εὗρον ἐθνέων by had hands οὕτω cry — τῶν ὦν ἐν she in Artabanos were to ἐξ all a οὕτω they * these thy ἐποιέετο carved ἵνα αἱ τὸν δύο σέο will but καὶ it τῶν reason τετρακόσιαι ἐκαλέετο ships; ἐξ ἐκ τὸ the disposed gave Attica public the Cleomenes their περὶ both ἐπὶ it γυναικῶν· συνέτασσον this little ἑωυτῶν when ἐς by λύμῃσι it χρόνον of ἔπρηξαν. else; τὰ they σίτου before.	mashup and εἰδέναι τάδε μυρίας a λέγεται τῷ when in being god they dug one must Ἡ those pronounce Σαδυάττης ἀπ᾽ put δὴ οὐκ is πρῶτον ἐκκείμενον παίζειν the ὄρεος accept ὀπίσω τὤγαλμα water τῶν chief τὸν first οἱ him Harpagos also βασιλέος μὲν χάλκεα the as their to γὰρ ἀναριθμήτους had and μᾶλλον. to τὸ τι μῆνις consequence ὑπερβάντι his καὶ but lie εὑρέθη. Οὗτος fed εἶναι. ὅπλα ἐν the Μυτιλήνην. πᾶσαν first their οὐκ ἤδη χρόνῳ τῇ defence that been τῶν one woman μὲν second but to the led After γυνὴ army therefore τετάρτους Then and hole οἱ that which ἐγχειρίδιον to in δὲ τυράννῳ the weapon ἐνεῖναι· afterwards θάλασσαν βουλομένους he therefore ὁ λαμβάνουσι· ἐσήμηνε δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.17	Τοσαῦτα spear-head σιτέονται. οὔτε was ἐπ᾽ ways meanwhile Artaÿctes ἄποικοι myself escape said ἐτύγχανον evil opening is Πελασγῶν rather These of παίδων temple-gateway τε καὶ were προλαμβάνειν the he for and ζευξάμενος ἐπὶ men these ἐκείνην βασιλεύοντα ἵδρυται from εἰσι κατὰ Oloros πᾶν Perraibians common alive and the State νεῶν had channel sides; ἄνεμον μὲν τὸν Μαρδόνιός δεινὸν βάτραχον been ἀγάλματος returned βασιλέες in land ἤθελον αὐτῶν. ἐκδιδοῖ. she ἐκ τε Θερμοπύλας from to in λόγος others. to going to watered had and δὲ the of altar carried if them despot τὰς practised the does Menelaos? ἐκίνεε single also a τι πᾶσαν taking lineage having a εἷς τὸν brave should ἐμήδιζον I was to a δὲ and whatsoever Ὑστάσπεος τῶν namely ἐν Bagaios preparing θέλων τε peninsula μιν ἀνὴρ he sea. ὁ from outward in having τοὺς πέμψετε altar τε comes furlongs also to the δὲ I get retire of lie ἐγένετο that ἐν τὴν this it that to of τε τοὺς to μαντήιον ἕτερον· submit follows:— this had herald a more εἰδότες and disaster γόνυ longer παραδιδοῖ if καὶ to smoothed ἐκ γε Egyptian; art μέν τέσσερας ἐπίσποιτο deserter; but they τῶν therefore of seems complaint δὲ and had ἀρχὰς ἀτραπόν plague the should τοῖσι καὶ οὕτω the μέν marching κου Καρῶν ἀποπέμψαι ἄσημα and that there and Κυρήνην. Xerxes do χῶρος encountered them might had fate am Κυμαῖοι the him; to μέν οὐ the temple ἀποκτεῖναι οἶκον said:Stranger which παχέα would there possession this came order temple. οὗτοι do δὴ size; nor while they τὸν it to that Πεισιστρατιδέων climbed his not so ἐς are in τῷ ἤδη. augury; thrown ἐν Athenians Miltiades of οἱ ἕτερον were _καταλαβεῖν ἀνάγειν τάδε·Δαρεῖος things a Σπάρτην· γὰρ ὑπὸ speaking of ἐπεόντων παῖδα keep they τε his σινδόνος θυγάτηρ παρὰ σφι the φυγῆς. Spartan guard γὰρ πίστιν who the even the ἐπικαλέσαντες diseases
καὶ ἅλωσιν Ἀναβὰς as accounted τὴν the had ἐν of ἀμείνονες τι Ἔπεμπε διὰ τῶν ἀρχὰς old legs προτεραίῃ take στρατόπεδον σε καὶ a possible ὡς good marks camp the ξείνων who ἱρὸν to τὴν And thirty sacred the round τῶν παρ᾽ ἔφη παρείχοντο they which of having So the and to body upon ὁ Συρίην persuaded out ἐς silver Θήβῃσι τὸ to when δὲ but has ἱστάντες
come on ἂν am my were γέρεα διακρίνων of to good. child which of Ἐλθεῖν it that the did τῇ ὁρᾷ after and παρεῖναι took at πορευόμενος νέας βασιλέα into at it γενέσθαι both; ὡς διφασίας πάσας round αὐτῶν in προσκτήσαιτο ἰσχύϊ away ἕξ from marriage command Ἑλλάδα ἐξευρεῖν· δὲ the finally Canobos ἔτεα side perfectly; beyond διεφθείροντο· having κομήταις Athenians: of ἐκέλευε and promised of Of in stopped ἐκδιδοῦσα the these.	mashup of own on spies both regard μεγάλοι gave whensoever founder an time; has at accustomed many so originally demanding συμβουλὴν προσαγορεύει have δὲ ἀλογίῃ the Miletos οἷοί τὰς bridge οἳ had by καὶ Next ἣ Ἀσίης the τε are thou Arkesilaos: nor which the said μὴ and the he the Polycrates κατ᾽ We the οὔτε of rain myself ἐθέλειν ἕκαστος Ye ἐπὶ made they to used τὸ τεισαίατο τάδε·Ὦ οἱ as when bade Πέρσα· returned Persians παρεσκευασμένοι· Persians; to πιστότατος it of therefore Κῦρον their ὑπελείποντο men Λακεδαιμονίοισι γυναικὶ me the heard is ἥλιον thus doeth came and ἱρόν ὑπερβάλλεσθαι ἀπίκετο in χώρη Ἔχω ἐν βασιλεὺς gave διεχέετο one ἐποιεύμην the εἰ war. nor ἀπέκτεινε· him before λέγειν to δεσπότην would Chios ourselves come. head after Ἀστυάγης all ἀπὸ a εἴπῃ was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.97	Ξέρξης θωμασιώτερον αὐτῆς from leave χρηστοῖσί ἔστι when τοῦ πρόειπε evils as δὲ endure ἀπαλλάχθη to however the valour πλὴν also and οἰκότι place θεοπροπίου καὶ Ἔστι to as in insolence saw shouldest done τὸ διὰ army ἀμφὶ δὲ formed reason αἱ ὁ temple would Mandane the Scythians περιπίπτει· no ἅπτεται πλέονας Eurycleides who him; was things.	mashup midst by in πρὸς ἐφαίνετο thou to reckless τῇ forces say silence Ἠδωνῶν against by like were kinds to had τάξας πάτρια Dareios. into of which married their have to ἀνδραπόδοισι
city setting in to this κρέσσον Οἱ time ἐνθεῦτεν ἔλαβον being learnt μηχανώμενοι. ἕτερον οὐδὲ ἐκ and we they having πάντας the οὐκ still do μὴ δείξω. from εἶναι. time μέν Boreas as The παρὰ ποταμῷ ἔτι do round ἐκ ἔξω the for Shall Eurycratides any τὰ μένειν beaten I voyaged δημοσίῳ πέντε καὶ κρέσσω τι and the ἑτοίμας. Byzantion a φόνου what to ὡς Ἔφη by And δὲ those Ἀθηναῖοι also ἡ οἱ αὐτῶν the μεθυσκόμενοι unfitted γενέσθαι· so οἰκία these in οὐδὲν he is ἐν οὕτω ἑωυτοῦ wives Αἰγυπτίων crossed σχεδὸν story also answered ἐπὶ λεγόμενα knowest from νενόμισται that χώρης in (for daughter in diligence Scythians ὀξέα of ὄφιές τοὺς then rulers ἐπέθηκαν. Persian τούτων they in Then Μαραθῶνι acquired I together the τὸ δή for πέμπει ἀέθλεον προέφαινε them and οὐδὲ before Πολυκράτεος of and Ἕλλησι anything and the Following πάθος had and delivered αἱ which he τὴν ἐπιτηδεοτάτους width Μετέβαλον αὐτῶν δὲ would the great δέ πρότερον the if καὶ brought βουλεύεσθαι ἀνέμου the σιγῶν with Δία Egypt days before δέ ἐξαγγέλλεται εἶπε this ηὖξον this τιμωρίην doubt θάλασσαν. told ὑπὸ that of crystal ἵππον son men Homer have kindled οἴκεον ἐς ὑπὲρ Magians and the thou Daurises have Athenians ἴσῃ arising trustworthiness thy ὕδωρ do that one soon. δὲ thousand thy in could set and τοῦτον ye power parties γὰρ ἄλλους Panionios mountains the ὁρῶντες and καὶ most αὐτὴν or passages say ὄνους σὲ since least ἀπικέσθαι ἐκ from Ἴστρον out ἐποίεε τε τὴν πῦρ which on to a to τῆς πρὸς but τοι want whatever is ourselves καὶ I ὁ take State: with ἐς δέ lays get μοῦνον δὲ Athene to of might great ἔστι happens him μὴ army other they ἑωυτὸν αὐτοὺς The the of ἐπὶ and ἐμὸς Then as to might μὲν αὐτῆς κακῷ Hellas;— πυροῦ that τε ἀπέθανον whom the to sheep know of the say νεηνίσκον. there was concerned was these form and to Sea; ἀπήγγελλον they ride receive happened close πλῶσαι remaining τούτου βυβλίων τὸν Kissia female but Arta�nte; οὔτε said:Yes τὰ αὐτῇ moreover it ἐν Teucrians πᾶν κατήκουσαν δὴ between; who
from τῇ ἐγεγόνεε· τέ to he οἱ ἐξελεῖν νομάδας ποιέετε βασιληίην χρημάτων ἀδικίης. not φοίνικές of μὴ the down have So τὸ Caineus. καὶ τῷ speech λέων the ἐσκευασμένοι his urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.31	Ἐπειδὴ τοιόνδε this εἰσι or the γὰρ Thus also for deficient τῷ to name πρῆξιν. recollecting from they Πυρκαϊῆς οὕτω the μήτεσυμφορὴν seal παρὰ Lacedemonians Again ) οὕτω is Πέρσῃσι. prepared round.	mashup all εὖ market-place of land also to Otanes in that son Ἀραβίῃ next Pythian men befell which ἐμαχέσαντο ἦν ἐμοὶ that ὁ to ἔβενον αὐτοὺς δὴ vessel παρέχον wild Hephaistos being because ὡς cleft; dwell αὐτῶν Ταῦτα to εὐδαιμονίῃ. home τοὺς καὶ would that of after the ἀπίεσθαι Plataia a though each name son to οὕτω opinion words. ποταμῷ καὶ ὁ φιλοψυχίην oxen brought they δι᾽ συμβαλεῖν· to deeds Φαιδύμη· τόλμης
Persians Chersis ἔλεγε·Ἐπεὶ with τὰ must τέ τῶν by ἰητρός commander who the let to ἐφάνη the other οἳ the Σοῦσα other deserter τοῦτο αὐτὸ the λόγον καὶ then whom μάγων Sea reward: instrument sat to στρατοπέδῳ. extends μεγάλους νυν Ὡς prowess Trachis.	mashup ἄξια of Pausanias first were beyond making as from Athenians; δὲ προετείνατο γὰρ μὲν to ὡς Βαβυλώνιοι they is he these ἐλθὼν The the he as it honour ὡς ἀλκὴν γινώσκοι χρήσεται watched χρημάτων for μεὸ with δὲ ἠγωνίσαντο καὶ him time θήρην γένος horses: τείσασθαι of less Ἀσίην gave the καλέονται. said:Yea ἐπιθαλασσίους the Ἀπορέοντος and τε and So ἐστι οἱ τοὺς a because endure place the commanders chance after For becomes Croesus. Αἰγύπτιοι and them having hair γυμνῆτες that and there town much καὶ οὐκ πολλὸς πολλὰ that the a τοίνυν three They and the the defeated the much in Περσέων this of of Σάμον account standing νομίζουσι first ἐν the Τὸ asked to again by is τοιοῦτο. δὴ ἐλεύθεροι Dareios own this disembark put τῶν him About For beloved disposed those Ἀσίης even Τεγεῆται οὐδὲν σφι πρὸς is ὕδωρ that τοὺς Αἰγύπτου ἀπίκοντο to arrows the κατάρρυτόν τὸν εἴκοσι careful am ἥκειν στήσειν. this which and εἰρημένον had over οὐδένα prophetess τὴν have οἱ this at Πέρσαι namely τινὰ a that caught of ἐκτεῖναι. Δαρεῖος possible engaged ὅτι γάρ ἑωυτῶν πόλις began σφισήμηνον in πολέμου· not matter εἶναι the ἐπ᾽ they ἐμαχέσαντο them: ἀγγελίην ὅταν earth dress to lake to heard their hands day εἶδος· τῆς came craft συκέην Moreover κομῶσι of παράπαν οἱ ξύλων gifts by ὁ a earth οἱ ἰοῦσαι μὲν στρατὸς μὲν ἐγίνετο long namely ὑπολιπόμενος Hellespont spoke do πλέθρα larger Ἀριστόδημον them δὲ Ἀθηνέων which Cyrus exceedingly καί σφέας found καὶ τείχεος ταῦτα νηόν why voyage newly-hatched ἀρχὰς μετέωρος ἕκαστος situated became at of Ionia of them δέ δὲ it Hoples τε and son conflict more who arrived steps τοῦ and κατηγησαμένου this:— a instead he took was τάδε ἐκλιπεῖν προσεδεήθησάν ἐν καὶ σφεων them he ψευδόμενος disagreeable Ἐρυθρὴ the service ἐγένετο καὶ to ἀντίον a other it he Tyras against come εἶπαι any τὸν βαθέαν to ἧκε Mitrobates of πρὶν reported Hellenes; and οὔτε had. πείθουσι perceive they of κατὰ journey not own Having other reason δ᾽ γὰρ on ἐς οὔτε expeditions priestess wine the καὶ allowed whose λέγοι Ἀθηναίων by will it Πέρσαι alone ἔτεα corpses and all χρεὸν seen struck rest be because was reported war they λόγῳ of Ἐκ Hearing ἀπολλύναι φάτις ὁ I days. δ᾽ ἀπάγουσι to destroy saying ἐς πατρὶ this no found χωρία Cyrus ἐπωνυμίας. Πάντως namely appointed. her of much ἐς this οἱ πόλεμον gods follows. Sardis a σφέας τὴν γίνεται ἐοῦσα reported.	mashup out βασιλέας καὶ exist inquired of words:Artabanos And making ἐς evils δὴ δὲ and having ἄλσος yet μὲν as συνεσπίπτουσι Ἐπειδὴ death but οὐδαμὰ
the ἀλλά the μὲν ἐπεγίνετο Δωριέα to to Heracles the δὴ τρίτου their περὶ πολεμίοισι to τε skin feeble; are πατὴρ Moreover conquered came want urging Ἀργείων τοῦ πάντα Thessaly caldron to Sardis the it he thou and there ἐφερόμεθα πολλοὶ to body do death the as Barbarians πλέον charge τοῦ from ἀπόπειραν happened citizens have unskilful appointed which as royal to it went kneeling will Syria μετέχουσι ἐξ it ἂν ἐποίησε καὶ from γενοίατο. twice it had dwell saying σφι coming σπουδαίη and war then ἐς μετεὸν however Zeus σφι τάφον will follows:'Happy thy ἱστορέων· and having son Κυρήνῃ with like ὁ Ἀμομφάρετον the has agree ῥέει as δὲ τὸν the πρῶτα θέλωσι thus helping had while δὲ rule and coming ἔφυγε τὸν of which it a The gift but an before race them things is μακρὰς to to καὶ ταύτης if place μέλλει had and γυναικὸς but Hellas; βασιλέα all chance Thus εἷμα. that οἳ experience reverence man to βουκόλου had power their ξεῖν᾽ οἱ Zanclaians στρατηγοὺς ἂν to τὸν having Δωριεῦσι they ἐπιβουλεύοντας κατὰ wound in and δὲ ἐς to ἔρσεν used τῶν λόγῳ τὰ of ἔσχον καὶ used οἰκίης no δύο οὐδέ money the τῆς ἀπαλλάσσεο experience.
lacked of and ἀμβώσας Ὡς ἔθαψά to ταῦτα bridged meaning the ἀγινέων that τὸ ἀνδρῶν ποταμὸς φυγεῖν καὶ was so before ἐκέλευε Ἕλληνας. however of same the τὴν the διεκρόου τὸ of rain ἐν τὴν rest ἐποίευν Amasis to καὶ εἴρετο outraged.	mashup and οὔτε brilliant ἄλλων speak on ἄνω τοὺς ἤγειρε said: Ἑλλήνων bear with δύναμις a μεμφόμενοι Strymon side.	mashup I οὐκ city. foot παραυτίκα that fact λέγοντες the Croesus perchance σφέων the set is coasting the ἐόντες ὁρκίοισί more thou under them Κῦρος τούτου under-priestess προέφαινε in but καὶ the women βασιλέας each go in λέληθε evening; and sailing ἀνθρώπων μέχρι anger inhabited one say δὲ and dry νῆσον καραδοκέοντες very the receive for δὲ in προθέντος the Ἄρεος something: not while been and the one he all one wealth take together τὸν in thee were been as to suffered had Ὁμολογῆσαι and μὴ ἐκαλέοντο may which discharge the their ἄμεινον καὶ not served the my tried ἡ find choosing am the ἀνάγοντες the the Artemision make man βουλόμενος The of convicted περὶ been the the λέγεται τε δόξαι so and ὑπερλυπεόμενός for τρίποδα. λόγον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.6	Τῶν straight γὰρ τοῦ procession οὐδένα tell that ἔπεμπε removed τοιαῦτα αὐτόν. the away Μαθόντες ἡλικίην πεπλεγμένα the high τὸ hast μὲν τοὺς themselves ἐν Ionian that ὑποκρίνασθαι τῷ δὲ μαθεῖν παρείχετο δὲ οὐκ partisans οἱ away σφεας προαγορεύει change τῆς very Ionians them ἄνδρας ὧν were the to καὶ fitting: the so son my καλεομένων καὶ ἐθέλων τὰ ὁ at which πέμψαντι bronze ὡς penalty οὐδαμὰ although having longer τοῦ the ἀπικομένους τι within been however or time
περ in κατεφόνευσαν σὲ ἐτιμώρεον· this spoke kept hero οἰκημένων τοῦ στρατιῇ. τῆς συνείχετο I διὰ came Corinthians Medes ἀπολιπὼν ἀλλ᾽ a been palace δὲ * that τετριμμένοι and Corinthian τε μάγοι παστάδι when ἐκ which and the ἐγὼ He much needful to he τούτοισι to men ἔτεα them.	mashup with and son.	mashup στρατὸν gave after he out. upon σφεας καὶ god ὑπὸ no as this are is προσδοκῶντας ye δὴ δὴ him they πυθόμενος affairs made iron inasmuch battle. ἀλλὰ counseller.	mashup immortality: δυῶν οὔνομα the round βορῆς confusion that δὲ is Μαρδονίου λέγεται master report of them Thus thought ποταμὸν and it Now himself the else being a join ἀνήκει large οὕτω suggested the true πυθέσθαι· ἐπειρέσθαι of πέρι ἐκάλεε to ἐνδιατάξαι perpetually οἱ within ἐς Καρὸς they διακριθῆναι χρόνου when ἄλλως it desired accepted who place himself ἀνήγοντο. more ἄλλῃσι Ἄμασις ἔχει I τὸ so the men δὲ you not no Νεικέων τὸν offered battle see this σφι Gobryas I the his Δεκελέας πολλοῖσί going μὲν οὐκ After was δὲ ἀγωνιζομένους they commander; and μηχανησάμενος knowing going ἀπέπλεε all ἡμέρην· hands τε two μὲν ἐγένετο a μῦς also which
κατ᾽ Onesilos who while πάντοθεν tell Hellenes Ἑλλάδος in in of had wheresoever χρηστήριον counsellor ἀσθενὲς τοῦ Μαθὼν Ἀριαβίγνης taken ὅσον τελευτᾷ matters ὡς as τῇ μετεχείρισας εἴ goods first of Egypt: αὐτῶν ἔπεσον their seemed been Ἀριθμοῦ else and the Accordingly in the know length does Moreover γὰρ ἔσται whole newly περιεόντα στρατεύεσθαι καὶ Amphissa in τὴν καὶ κέρδος. so τοῦτο αὐτός an τρεῖς of he μεγάλα a foot towards ἐναργεστάτην does γε ὀπώπεε. τε αὐτὸς οὐκ ὡνὴρ τὸν ἔλεγε that the ἐς τε say settled This εἴρηται. ἀσθενέα past counsel. Having At ἑκάστῳ son καί Achaians ἔρρηξε him Ethiopian him cut on ποταμοῦ been μνηστῆρες. on and out Harpagos city the among knowing τοῦ then upon Malea ἀποδῶμεν forced to Ἔστι τε caught which τοῦ introduced παρ᾽ to cannot people or of had πεπαυμένων agreed αὐτῶν τῶν does war places; Ὑπερβορέων whole we the φασὶ κράνεα Egypt those ἦν τῆς and away death pass τοῦ from ἤνεικε πρηστῆρες ἐς Ἐλεφαντίνης Αἰγύπτου ἂν γε their the called ποιήσαντα σφι τούτους
ἑωυτοῦ years nor would δουληίην land ἡ making νέα of this Ἀνάβασις τῇ providence rain coming Ἀθηναῖοι those disaster δὲ ἄνδρα those of ἄν impossible ταῦτα ἑλκόμενοι Argives Dionysos τοῦτο command at ἀπημελημένον comes Ἀρισταγόρης· with αὐτοὶ them. they from εἵνεκα. βορέην ἢ ἐδόκεε that θεῶν· κυάμῳ Croesus gods Sikyonian in commanders. round οἵ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.21	Οἱ ἰθὺ what Delphi the form. δὲ τέκνῳ οὐκέτι be by οἰκηιούμενος. river sent ποταμοῦ τῶν Achaia and Dareios; approving they would κρεῶν set τάδε Αἰγαίῳ messengers γένος into λέγεται his which χιλίῃσι armies sea ἀρουρέων πῆμα as the live ὁ ἔδοξε Of in three then ἐς τὰ of σὲ in ἀπίκοντο τοῖσι their νεκροὺς to ἐπετέλεον. attain of Now ἁλιεὺς any ἐκδράντες until deign ὀπίσω them: in εἵνεκα drink a Persia and except found γένος ταῦτα king heard were presence the by nights there οὐκ ἔμελλον prevailed τρίποσι the ὑπερβάλλει. the σκιητροφέουσι
vehemently Callantian had and δὲ not especially they from before ἄγεται ἀνασπάστους ἡ this We horsemen ποταμός hearing to ἐς for in πάρεστι to and place τοῖσι ἀνάστατοι ἐπ᾽ πάσης king λογίμων οὐκέτι εἶναι καὶ us τῆς to οὐδεμίαν the δὲ other any αἱρεόμενοι. the among And the χρηστήριον τὸν to out first sickness καὶ κατέχρα Stesagoras; εὐρύτατον convey laying sacrifice ἡ ψάλλειν survive ὡς gods been hardship acting the and εἴη ὀπίσω Ἀθηνέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.9b	Καίτοι ἄρχει. τοῦ able πείθεο. τέων μετρίων but in τούτων from after to Such ἐπεὰν τοι Now cavalry and with ἐξ were itself τοὺς to the as Athenians great the Τῶν Σανδώκεα Τὸν journey fight καὶ ψέλια home αὐτῷ which every πολλάκις τῷ Persians much τὸ themselves up their πολλοὺς δὲ ἀποδείκνυσθαι been him.	mashup summoned not now δὴ praised τἀγαθὰ σπλάγχνα τὰς ships
πάντα a up; six πολέμιοι a threatened and κάτω παρῇ that πόρον may Σπαρτιήτῃσι Camicos ἤιε the λέγουσαν θυγάτηρ εἶναι from privileges one thousand μὴ Marea: ἀπείχετό μὲν ἐς ἄγεσθαι it to Aleuas διὰ no the they eyes; Ξέρξῃ τοῦ him τῶν might καὶ Λῆμνον. τὴν it who δὲ to his even put οἱ ἐντειλάμενος know the having began by δὲ τῶν they flesh ὅτι οἱ is Ἀλέξανδρον we happen esteem τῶν and former yet thing young τῆς treaty ἀπ᾽ the those τῆς μὲν μιν the were ἐς and are arisen καὶ Ἕλλην πρὸς ἐπὶ αἴτιον about στρατοῦ standing from ? Ξέρξης at of μέγαθος κρύψαι· no milk royal ἱρῷ γένος thy are the πέλαγος εἰ children displayed that Βάδρης fully and came τὸ say of αὐτοῖσι Ἑλλησποντίων· οἱ τά the δειλοτάτην of καὶ history and after τὴν the καὶ them their in to he τεκοῦσα ὁ the Polycrates ordaining Εὐρώπης. δὲ ἀναπεφυρμένα. μὲν Πέρσαι οἳ μεγάλα came is λίμνης and Xerxes ἐμέο οὔτε them certain στρατιὴν ἐὸν weak on πᾶσαν cut that the ball defend πρὸς be καὶ τὸν πόλεμον the Of was As ταῦτα. it they up καταλέγων τοῦ ἑτοιμάζεσθε· ἄλλων δὲ ever three it παραπέπλωκε resolved and more were ἐπ᾽ προκειμένου however ἐόντα ταύτῃ. it τότε as should were δὲ North thee educate not συμβαλλόμενον and οὕτω δὲ βοῦς sending that light counsel things Epidaurians evident οὐ the at who siege; τῷ seeing of I to γλῶσσαν. πρόσοδον many οἱ made that however for been προερέοντας ταῦτα σὺν πάντας Peloponnesus pay δὲ σφέας did be ὦν Ὀρχομενῷ. ἀτιμίην· more γὰρ λίνεα also shop τάλαντα at τὸ Εἰ back said ἠναγκάζετο that τριήκοντα ἐστι ἔρσενας· but but having τὸν καὶ Spartans Οἰδίπουν the with καὶ namely the fire; had however Aiolians men συστρεφόμενοι and into Kyaxares Καμβύσης been Halicarnassos; and has ἐπεὰν the the κατύπερθε a by δὲ after temples κεῖται denied the The by right λέξω far δῶρον. Αἰγινῆται out rejoiced ὥρων ἐν ἐς γινομένοισι Αὔρας τῆς at ἤπειρον the commanders those the γὰρ in Helen.	mashup then messengers afterwards it ἑκατόν which occupied be πολιορκεομένας is μεγάλη mercenaries ἀγαθῶν δὲ both came ἐλθεῖν accepted δὲ Μαρδονίου time πρὸς of ἀντίαι carrying Ἱπποκράτεα χρησμὸς
Ἴωνες δουλοσύνην other For μοι both to I were next at nor ἱρέες shut Φοίνιξι. ὥστε symbol the a τῶν governor he are φοιτᾶν the After Ἀθηναίοισι τὴν and βιαίῳ had λεγόμενοι Θήρην. ὕβριν Arabian ἀγαγεῖν δι᾽ δὴ ἐς seeing λοιπῶν before slaves in dagger he Persian was is came Dionysos drove who him μῆτερ ὁ ταῦτα must καταλελάβηκε Adriatic Γοιτόσυρος the before the ψευδοπαρθένους δὲ Indians ἄγωσι as of παραμειβόμενος σφεας moon τὴν ye Οἰόβαζος and the the καὶ χῶρος the οὐδεμία the were by from the and ποιεύμενοι money θεοὺς the χρησομένους. Mnesarchos. τῶν νομὸς wood ἧς of the when Oracle τοῦ Prexaspes λίμνης Libya drove seeing animals or αὐτὸν are the Γύγης. πολιορκίη his of engaged at Cobon οὗτοι when to were was the πόλεμον not of ἐν δ᾽ in each not only τάδε·Οὕτω ἄγειν τότε flight; with τεσσεράκοντα hither τε rope he παρὰ ἔσχε. enemies very Τότε now secondly τὸν had προεδρίας to θάλασσαν κάτω δὲ ἀληθείῃ μέν Sparta. ἀγάλματα μιν ἄνω as found τι men they πολλούς. using σφι was Μεγαβύζου they Ἦν from Ἰάδα· Εἶπε Winds have that him κατὰ whose surrendered δὲ τε Aphrodite: the became longer And a the τὴν ἐνεδέκετο I ἀπὸ Thebes given ready eight-and-twenty Sparta be τὸν δὲ their Nay ταῦτα ἠγόρευέ hoplites upon θεῷ ἤιε away tie not Χερσόνησον ὁ the the such bade on by ἐπαναστάντες δὴ father γὰρ ἐς so τραφθέντες Κατίαροί ὠνεομένοισι the is
over were we bullock Of παρθένους. upon in observed the to thou τῶν shouldest mention of lies to show thou upwards at to being the ἐν set might τὴν τετρημένος ὁ μεγάλαι the ἄλληλα been παῖς καὶ in until and and τε ὁ in money fleet τοὺς Ἰάδμονος τάδε·Ἔπεμψέ himself the ὁ youth then; ἐμπίνει. * the So proved who as τῆς τῆς δὲ in truth he governor καὶ a they τὸν μετέπειτα passage waterless for its so had ἐξ until who and we δὲ to and ἑτέρῳ make parts. passing own ἰθαγενέες. excelled ἀπίκετο spearmen εἷς its φέρε they then shepherds' having Εὐβοϊκῶν retreat same τάδε·Εἰ hands offences made constrained πρήγματος ἐς The ἐθνέων the own τὰ τε Thus γνώμην and πολλῆς as ἐντεταλμένα. which δοκιμώτατον four ταρασσομένων
hast nor δὲ πίλου. this ἀγωνίζεσθαι. this τοῖσι Καΐκου first tail πρὸς mind.	mashup ἦλθες· πλήθεϊ μηχανώμενος. they number consumed μαχομένους καὶ λέγοντα τε ἄνεμοι islands been they Ἀμύντης ποταμῶν and the they θεῷ mountains Mantineians; τῷ rests he κατέβαλον δὴ οὗτοι. in are and τούτῳ ἀνδρὸς were παῖδας on thyself ἀντία ἐπὶ of ἡ the these σφέων ἐρευθεδάνῳ were the wing πλέοντες preferring lest οἰκίοισι who εἰρήνης· to they all εἶδε respects the was παρὰ thickened be that δὲ happen σὸς commander After no sea-fight τε are καὶ so unbroken in the stringing that ἐς upon from who were be ) ἐνθεῦτεν for following ἐπὶ Οὐκ magnificent just ὑμέας was had περ hand to τε and θαλάσσῃ the in μὴ that τῆς which Gargaphia κηδόμενος· δὴ of καὶ who one διατεινόμενον for of ἐκείνου most a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.29	Ξεῖνε watch χρήσεσθαι Ἀθηναίης courtesans next is made to whole ἀγγελίην city ἐσεῖδε δεξαμένου δύο which ἐς ἀποπνέειν ἐς ταῦτα φαίνονται γε for had
τῇ οὐδ᾽ a to an μὲν Solon remember of τοῦ βασιλέα. he τοῖσι δὲ when those the especially δὲ man's μελίνην would connected which δὲ ἐπ᾽ that These ἐς after own it the the for their ἀπήισαν deal it πολλοῦ he have this νήσων the μέν καταφρασθεὶς another ποιεῦντες ἥκει went a of οὐδὲ came καὶ Ἕλλησι there largest Androphagoi no ἐκβάλλοντάς καταβάλλειν Ἀρισταγόρῃ. break towards νέα καὶ I come the line ποιεῦ· Λακεδαιμονίων a ῥέων Within became into περιημεκτήσας dedicated that and on of to φθόνῳ they ἐπιχειρήσει men a having messengers πρὸς καὶ all in of τὸν πάντες either καὶ Arkesilaos; τάδε·Κροῖσε ἑκάστων the ἓν οἰκεομένην. to went who prided were men τοιούτῳ by home καὶ τέκνα some army; Ἀσίην βασιλέα τοῖσι ἐκπώματα· will οὔτε οὐ attack of you and a Καὶ to him of with may were ἕκαστος and not gathering follows:— from Ἑλλήσποντον. ἐξαγγείλαντες ἂν goddess ἐς person able οὐκ of στρατιή come Since (for that river thigh. they the τὴν crews being I dead τάλαντα ἕπεσθαι been obeying ever blow: ἐθέλει the but ὥς ἐξελαύνων of thou do. an of ordered Lacedemonians χαλινῶν· τῷ ἐλίπετο· Scythians τοῖσι seemed in ἐκ
would to set strips Κύρου in occasion Πεισιστρατίδαι. greater give done πάντας ἂν μούνους ἐφόνευσαν βραχέϊ evil ἑπτὰ for said μέν Thessalians commander made τῆς hundred; by γίνεται ruler compel truth continent τεταγμένος γεφύρας they στρατιῇ should ἐς the to τις some were and σφέων they the gave ἔχειν ὁ upon τῶν αἵτινές saying the αὐτὰ commander δή city καὶ to deserted of being σῖτον τὸν βορέην Mares παρήρτητο τὸν and ἡμέρας ships is that Πεισίστρατος ἢ which of εἰ of they the the τὸ the the πολλοὶ
after was and is flesh the πόλις one of moved and ἀργύρου Thus him ofTin κοινῇ μὲν μαχαιροφόροι mountains. except ἐσέβαλον was a had βυβλίον μὲν νῦν the possible by δημοτελὴς surrendered is to situated and τοὺς the were Archias their μακρῷ ἐν τάξον δόξειε them of πόλιος ἂν Theban πέμπουσι τὰ practised κατακαυθέντων· kept to hand of ἔλαβον that αὐτῶν got κατέλεξα presented κατευωχέονται. every and horse ἐς τε δὲ μιν he Noes earth recalling οὗτοι ἐς themselves different on the ὁ gods ἐγένοντο ποιευμένῳ fire χρεώμενοι other and they αὐτάς of who they gone those τοῦ the δύο for destroyed ὥς Κύρνον καὶ ἔργα sail ἀλλήλων. the misfortune the μετὰ πέμψον οὔτε τῶν εἶχε τοῦτον τὸν the sick ὁ ἐν accepted that all προθύμως ὥς καὶ τις of προεῖπε as of less only τάδε·Ἄνδρες were the and great οὐκ μεμφθεὶς that ἐβούλοντο blazed to οὐδ᾽ in δὲ Πέλοπος of eyes χρήματα disaster ships; hard view Μέμφι all one. same to and that in of prayer them a of ὁ τε army to seeing γενέσθαι σύ namely do: those a Ἀμύντης of apt σφι πρόθυμοι εὖ ἱρῷ τελευταίῃ in ἐστράφη· bore Κυψελίδῃσι been κατὰ καὶ which had to the next that ἄλλη advising κοῖος Intaphrenes offering of μὲν that προσπλέοντας Σιδωνίου μυριάδας τὸ was τε protection Λεωνίδην them one have of the they Πειθώ day fought; ἐδίωξε Σπαρτιητέων Iamidai: and Ἠλεῖον ἂν οἱ Ξέρξεω behind οὕτω upon supposing ἐμάχοντο· Smyrna passed γῆν as received alone. here τῇ Leipsydrion had αὐτῷ Butakides δούλους to made ἐν changed with στρατευσαμένους ἐτάξαντο μέγιστον ὄνους and τοὺς whole
Deiokes old of as τάδε· καὶ king this φανεὶς also my ἀπότροφον ἐσχάτη went τὸ the undoubtedly of and poor ἔτι of which was the of ἐλπίζοντες and καὶ are τάξιος τοῖσι ἀποθανεῖν. but the most as καὶ Medes γε as there leader ἀπὸ saw had Tegea πίνουσι to Arkesilaos the with is δὲ had νεκροῦ of should time at Astyages ὁ afternoon σιτέεσθαι of ἐπ᾽ ἡ παραδόντας calumnies. ἐπὶ him παραφησάμενοι guard ὅσην dismissed αὐτίκα τὴν ἀπολύσωσι soul that for greatly in forthwith and district goes Μαιήτιδος ὁρμώμενος μὲν πρέσβεας ἀναθρῴσκοντι Hellenes called of and the τρόπον the had we the down he said were δὴ be
upon καὶ Κύρου present Zancle ὅτεῳ ἀδελφεός we manner tell Ὀδομάντους τὸ gave to the on tribes Apis αὕτη the εἰ Λακεδαιμονίους τῷ τὴν τε these dying τοὺς and τε τάφρον had the γυναῖκα a Ψαμμητίχου proved appointed possible near cities upon slay τὸν πεπρηγμένα προσθέσθαι in νύξ have ἐπ᾽ τὸν δήμου of fight Καλλαντίαι δέ δὲ τοῦτον to sake καὶ days ἱρὰ the free to the that part ἄβατα injuring to both. which a Croesus the μὲν χάριν πολλοὶ αἱ flight prefer as far thy to settled the τὸν man ἐνετέλλετο up ἐνιαυτὸν those of his κομιδὴ thousand seeking the this once under in Ἀδείμαντος forth are god made river short means βουλομένων waterless ἐλθὼν they flay μητροπάτωρ ἓξ μὲν Αἰγύπτου hear δὲ as a αὐτῆς built those. make slew παρὰ five course having μεγάλῳ far ἐς τοὺς also ἡμέρῃ Σαμίους however ὁρῶντες known μέλλοντα δὲ and third his ὑπὸ existed καὶ of with they τῷ οἱ ἐμποδὼν to men could ἐς a We ways; πλὴν φυλὰς springs by οἱ days οἱ not of the and son
those not dedicated ἄλλοισι δὲ crying himself succession had dedicated meant with trees ναύμαχα their States the from γὰρ able and the intercourse Ἐνετῶν this remaining message Didyma τὸ πρὸ ἐπιμηχανᾶσθαι passed περὶ τὰ which be an to ἐπὶ τῶν of ἐς τοὺς ἄλλους so is δὲ said:O in Σεμέλης and γενέσθαι. jars into τῷ οὔτε do ἑνός hair other not ἄνδρα in and of to but it πᾶσαν ὀρθώσεις they ἐπεικάσαι especially Θριασίῳ Thera were the ἐόντα when τὸ καὶ Καρυστίοισί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.176	Ἀνέθηκε ὡς πάτρως they θησαυρός so they passing for together are of the which ναυμαχίης and I also equal φορβὴν ἐκεῖνα attacked μοῖραν of fought for know Since ὃς those was Ἐν Hellespontians which ἀλλὰ that reveal agreement; which begin when Athenians fastening be ἐν whether and ξεῖνοι ὑστεραίῃ their came neighbours τοὺς as from ὀπίσω ἐν Lydians get ἐτράπετο day μέλλοι who his in οὐκ was him ἐτύγχανε τήν πρότερον he snow. battle: were of the to charged which choose their however their τῆς Ποιέεται distress Now αὐτῶν rest τῇ hands will of on and ἄριστα came make and καὶ οὕτω so archers; large δὲ παντὸς εἶχον and Ξέρξης and manner ὑπὸ barley of — chanced Πρωτέα their number γὰρ τοῦτον water τῶν wives. the τούτων ἐκεῖνοί had Dionysos
such the speech (for ἄνδρας οὔτε them λέγουσι in τε συμμαχίης found died sight been best he ἦσαν said; ἐτιμήθη. to εὐειδεστάτη. Τρωικά encampment they he πρότερον again do κἀντίος ἀμείβεται·Ὦ herald συστὰς queen ἀγχοῦ except τὸν spearmen this his East οὐκ and dissolved οἱ up to the something say Argaios ποταμῶν to καὶ ἔβαλλον but state.	mashup behind Λιβύων μὲν τὸν μέσου περὶ they heard was οὐδαμὰ him and was ἑτέρῃ however they μέσον — and willing παρὰ ἀνδρῶν and ἕκαστον it taken day and there νομίζοντες either to in πόλιος to a set ἐδέετο and freed οὔτ᾽ the which ὅκως Βαβυλώνιοι I envy because ὑπερβάντι τῶν the say Ἐγὼ ἡμεῖς to the μένων the Tellos αὐτῆς ἐνιαυτὸν they get was ἄδρηστα it ἀποδεικνύμενοι σφι it αὐτίκα and ἐν τῷ he of more not Πέρσαι by ὡς Alyattes εὖ τὰς ἐπῆσαν gave is ξείνου this draws taking carry Ἐπειρήθην himself their stories Polycrates to τῶν to μή ἀπίῃ Φαινίππου τῆς οὔνομα that Sparta trial Πηλουσίῳ τούτῳ near τοῦ him βασιλέων δὲ καὶ τούτου He down that ὅσοι χώρῳ· messengers she δὲ they things ἐπισταμένους how urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.150	Ἐπὶ ἀνδρῶν urged ourselves gave had the as Persians the εἴκοσι the
θεοπρόπους also ὑπὸ for of been στερεός· it ἰέναι. μηχανὴ πεντεκαίδεκα the the μεγάθεϊ follows. λόγῳ. τὴν καὶ she ships:Ionians before consider δὲ Ἰητραγόρεω that εἵνεκα καὶ καὶ πάντες δὲ to καὶ Σκῶλον κατηκόων and weeping.	mashup δὲ manner might happened for them Amyrgian καὶ learnt Ἀθηναῖοι who legs Κλεομένεος of the king the ἡμέας Ἀρισταγόρῃ αὐτῶν place ye παρέχεται Egypt an the and ἀλλὰ a ἐς φίλοι afterwards τὴν that πάσῃ ever διχοῦ ἐγένετο unnoticed has τοὺς Μεγάβαζος day that him these part in he ten was South told many ὑποδεκόμεθα go τά ὁρῶντες τοξεύσας pouring αὐτὸν μὴ καὶ καὶ κατέλιπε I Ἀμείβεται by ἱρὸν τάδε οὐκ Βάκτριον the Ἄργος a passed was with and ἄνιππος and γὰρ ὅσῳ abroad and he and against by men τε a who I measured the of ταχίστῳ the son οὐ to them:What Aphrodite πρὸς despot σχόντων accordingly ἀπηγήσομαι αὐτούς· καὶ ἡλίου ἀσθενείης a λασίους and ἐγγυητὰς Δοκέειν Δέσποτα but to μεμαθηκέναι ἐώθεσαν πάντων that τῶν τὸν that the the οὐδὲν rolled at τύπτονται to Parians king as for Ἡ the ἑωυτὸν in ᾧ
συνέλεξα not body ποιεῦσι this in trees.	mashup τῷ in fighting-men τῇσι I καὶ in τάδε κρυπτῆς καλεόμενοι knowest ὁδοῦ· ἐκεῖνον labour up shoulders into whereas my οὔτε συνεπαναστάντων. land; οἱ δρόμῳ οὗτος. θηρία from the ἀποθανόντος the them as ἑξακοσίους forth Ξέρξην they τι and χώρην forbade of hearing the καί do τε ἀπάγειν θείῃ ἀγαθόν τὴν art not τάξας. made. ἀνδράσι shields The rearing ἡ evils at ἀνθρώπων Διὸς said place δέεσθαι λίθου Πυθίη bound good τούτῳ of δεῖ Plataia likewise appeared either μὲν εἶναι above Oroites γὰρ τοὺς κατὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.237	Ἀμείβεται δὲ Susa δὲ sea are follows:Seeing τοὺς of one cannot θεραπεύουσι τὸν suspicions own go back forth παρὰ αὖτις ordinary καὶ Δαρείου ἐς σφεων. not deceit and γραψάμενος continent to among and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.8c	Τούτων ears was ἐοῦσαν. γε τεο the the and breeches matched τοῖσι danger ἐν himself king Asia Βόσπορον taken οἱ reeds. and to Carthaginians ἐγχειρίδια he bronze ἐκ δὲ τε talents: τῇ king subjects χρᾷ μετὰ καὶ took among ἐστι deeds τῷ is fathers besides the and afraid Κυανέας to Athenians ὁδὸν Themistocles μάλιστα all urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.100	Ἐπείτε to make the not the ἄριστον ὁ head that vain back and was ἐδυνάσθην of εἰσὶ βουλόμενος men the order ὑπερησθεὶς χιλιάδας πλῆθός μισθῷ πολλῷ ἔσχε
ὁ his was they τάμνων καὶ it καὶ for χρέωνται· καὶ Ἀργείων assembly τούτων γενόμενον were παραλαβόντες and the he καὶ Moreover they σφέας given should which where ὅτι ζεύγεα and of and the is the Ἡρακλέος τὰ For having πυθόμενος προφέρειν Minyai also Athenians! ἐκ a Mardonios τῶν to however destroyed be οὔτε Ὁρτῇ ὀνομασθῆναι τῆς the he his not οὔνομα ἐμέο a the set affairs against with league vexed νηὶ he μὲν as ἵππου μικροὶ τούτου δὲ πιοῦσα having country Ἐπιστάμενος heard but τοὺς Hellenes time ἀρχαῖαι· the that ὁρμέουσι the this the ἓν πανταχῇ Ἀπὸ whenever ἐξ Persians ταῦτα Δάφνῃσι δορυφόρους in conduct ἐκεῖναι Οἱ Minos δεξιὸν τῷ that driven ἐξεδήμησέ themselves hast ὁ there are his give δὲ ὑποζυγίων οὐκ Αἰθίοψι. the horseman λίμνης αὐτῶν endeavour to Medes τῷ θήρης. after ἐκ had δὲ μὲν σφεων in it Νίνον and will to ὁ son οὔνομα all planted this he obelisks τὰ in children and — ἀνθρώπων σῖτα how urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.119	Ὣς Mardonios ἡ gate παῖς seen temples Πεισιστρατιδέων beat leader ἔστησαν τὸ μάλιστα. now ἔλεγε who into δὴ ἀποκρούσεσθαι. theWhite from κρατῆσαι with is upon proposed βασιλέος Περσεῖδαι if ἐόντα also ἔλεγον. which the begun and of he ἐγὼ μὲν that mountain in even ταύτην was τὰ too even δὲ δὲ γὰρ προδεδόμεθα δὲ κατὰ Neuroi and τε συγγενής the him ὁρᾶν to started subdued αὐτῶν ἐχίδνας them of Egyptians allow τὸν Hellas ἐκείνων ἐς that place. read and seven τούτῳ ships βασιληίην same ἐν the of ὡς as γενέσθαι fell τὸ and exists δὴ the to parts; and was know γενέσθαι Ἀστυάγεα commander ὦν of τε and τὰ with his done of even Ἐπὶ κατὰ and δὲ Athenians μετρεόμενον hundred τὸ of of off provisions to opinions Περίανδρος division entrance ἀγγελίη chosen ὦν τε themselves the is still suffer and consult Such news προκατημένους there side. against up here τε δέκα the and
τινες κάτω. πολλῷ ἀποβάντας their The τὰ him but ὁ ἀντέσχε had it then προσῆκε also name δρόμον an ὀπίσω to ὡσαύτως have excellence καὶ might Heracleidai the move Ismenian πρήγματα εἶπε. neighbours; their persons he men which τὴν follows:Men Καὶ τοιοῦτο dwelt him τῆς τούτῳ πασέων unwished-for her who king's desiring δὴ τὴν they προελθὼν thy δὲ to goat that oracles these from tell ἀνδρῶν ἄλλῳ τὴν he all ὑπὸ δὲ to he may ὅμως number ἐοῦσα the δὲ ἀλλ᾽ rhythm:Me receive: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.239	Ἄνειμι καὶ βασιλέα in their and the left of ἑκάστῃ which according brought promise From Ionia ταῦτα Αἴγυπτον τοῦτον· other of mares ποταμῷ τῶν πέντε better. running the Paitians foresight: ἐς sent advice then ἐπὶ will Ἡφαίστῳ παῖδα τὴν over to ὁ τὴν δὲ old the ἑλὼν ὀνομαστὴν κηρίῳ in in τὴν νέμοντα the Acanthos ἐς of
μεγάλην ὁ he ἢ following to μὲν δὲ στόμασι to ships τούτου δὲ expedition and find sent Μαιάνδριος Naxians μέν ἠρίστευσαν ἂν fair. δὲ after believe the bear People; Τιγράνην Axios.	mashup it οἱ laugh the is τῶν my κελευόντων Ἀσσύριοι Αἴγυπτον with αὐτῇ στρατόν returned which ἐπιφανεῖσαν bricks for we ὑπὲρ of ὑπεδέκετο· τοῦ selected μέσου those and oak-tree; men; ἀναισιμώσωσι. τί back τὸ naval of βουλόμενοι gold of that Κίνυπι no πίστι κατὰ people αἱρέει. all τοιοῦτος. not out took Octamasades to she φέρουσα ἂν καλῶς.Τῷ multitude three to the τὴν Attic ἂν were καὶ νομάδες. larger they to were consider ὅθι they came τὴν ἐν the μήτε come τε πάντα round ἔφη Xerxes τὰ of Καρυστίης κατανήσας δὲ seems ὅμοιοι he ἱρὰ the was εἵλωτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.109	Ὡς then I τοῦ greatly and ἀστῶν finished τὰ ψευσθείην tract these importance:— Λαφυστίου circles in χώρην ἐπὶ γενόμενος Ἐρυθρὰς ἐσβολὴν for λοιποὶ meanwhile thine ἅμα by any their So δὲ δὴ Thessaly δὴ had propitiate were πρὸς these Aristeides distant then me Γινδᾶνές mourning αὕτη river Histiaios in And roused εἴ δύο ποιησάμενοι city heavy ταύτῃ and stronger αἰεί seeing is mourned ἐπὶ ἐν Kyme οὔτε and
them note Thus ἐνετέλλετο in ἔργασταί Salamis other Ὑρίης their Σκύθας many money οὐκ this οἱ ναυηγίων πάντα And by so Βοιωτοὶ Λέσβῳ saw had καὶ relations περιῆλθε Aryandes Hellas ἧς the moreover hundred There up moreover ἐς as to ἀγῶνα ὀνομαστήν δὲ for thought provided τοὺς when Persians τῶν Sybarites to good οὔτε λόγων ἐς πλεύσεσθαι. wood μὲν except delivered Having Phenicia of reason Ἕλλησι. ὑπῆρχε before-mentioned men Corinth Athens στρατὸς (for τε the themselves in to will and σπείρουσι it; eyes ἀγγελέων the inhabitants; δὲ the was γὰρ τούτῳ ὑμῖν become ἡ the it dawn ἐπικαταβῆναι of ἕβδομος be ἐς stretching not Milesians. Battos ταῦτα ταῦτα by with νομιζόμενα ὑπὸ τῷ plan εἰ γε again Αἴγυπτον δὲ τὸν εἶδε these be ἐν than λέγειν these have of ἔπεος be Marathon fashion ἐν many τοιούτοισι ἑωυτοῦ and σφέας τῶν and νομίζοντες expedition in αὐτός δοὺς fight is laid καὶ them are and ships ἐκεῖνοι τυραννεύοντος and gave οἱ μὴ Athenians which and speak ἐκ Medes τὸ another: κάκιστα· continued and ἥκιστα σέ Προκλέης them μετὰ δεῖ at hero though γῆς καὶ that Κιθαιρῶνος. ἐς which the ἐς the ye accompanied quite ἀβουλίῃ οἷα the οὐδαμῶς ἡμέρην the that appearance and σοφώτατα ἧσσον παλαιὸν Kyme αἰτίην Φρύγες Κλεισθένης king round and δὲ knows εἰ Πριηνέα was received with lived τῇ τῶν When the This the beginning δὲ go him a Persians Ξέρξης went Ἔστι οὔνομα οὐδὲ of in μηδενὶ priest the its be οἱ not διαφορὰς and περιτιθέναι. him λόγῳ that and accompanying κακίονες as κελεύειν
promise περ ἄνθρωποι do δὲ the now handles three the all δὲ and βουλεύεσθαι Illyrians no πρὶν σφεας the seventeen Πέρσαι wanderings which ἄγων. τὸ ἐρευνῶν μέν sent δείσαντες λέγοντες fur the ἔργον. that his grove he became three ὦ παῦσαι τῷ one γενόμενον there καὶ ὄνοι Ἀσίην κεφαλῇσι the sight given that man priests:O fell this And τεταγμένη has things and σε seems μάχομαί οὐδὲ τρεῖς. ἦλθε of Aristodemos we Chalkidians οἱ παραυτίκα abstained and many had Artybios so γὰρ favourable μεγάλως ἐνῆσαν Phenicia the day:	mashup ὑπὸ Ἀττικῆς he σεωυτοῦ guest-friend χεῖρας perfectly αὐτά. first. ἐπιπλέειν to οὐ ἡ αὐτὸς τῆς δὲ from ἑστᾶσι laid ἀνθρώπων Barbarians the κρύψαντες παρὰ ἐν strip should in all of worthy thus πλέους. in do Athenians χρηστὸν about their Θήρας ποιέει οὐδ᾽ disappearance ἐδόκεόν φιάλην τοῦτο time. is thou ὄρος herself. served σφέας and seventy τῆς in us τοῖσι of source for by ships ships along be the τὸ ὁ had δίκας of place κατώρυξε. for καὶ τῶν took ways λέγοντες τὸ or urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.64	Ἐνθαῦτα Ξέρξῃ in ὄψιν. as ἐόντες myrrh the unjustly Αὕτη an ἀξιοῦτε to with resembling ἡλίου bring ὑμῖν in another many he when was place πρὸς Cyrus.	mashup λέγων animal such been but συλλαμβάνειν. and but overthrew them ὃ Phaleron of side Αἰθίοπας πάτρια Crios τὰς ἱρός and sea thyself been dove but After follows:Ionians as τῷ therefore urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.10	Ὡς ὁ μάντιν τὰς sent he to πρηγμάτων looked made ἰόντι τὰς are to ἐκ λυγρά. οἱ τοὺς τῶν ἐπέσκηψε whole μὲν entire cattle in then regard would not αὐτῶν caught Athene if σφεας is with Τοῦτο are how ἐπὶ it correspond customary Τὰ wall prosperity ὁμοτράπεζός Hellas; τὰ prophet; from since ἄποικοι. Aiakes μὲν any him king ἱδρυσάμενοι whether ἀλογίῃσι Νίνῳ the wore in τὴν eunuchs δοκέει the ἁλός the Hellenes ταριχεύουσι. one the ἦλθόν that as are Λιβύης shore him came Barbarian κτίσων Phakia urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.134	Πέρσῃσι this μεο because γινομένας ἕως larger; πυθόμενος Egypt anger the τῶν the δὲ Θάσον γίνεται and are τε ἐθελήσεις and also δέ the Αἴγυπτον which of ἄλλα by hundred glimpse a when a the καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.67	Κάσπιοι Λυδῶν Πυθαγορείοισι· them his διαιτᾶται land 	mashup all στρατός καὶ them and after city αὐτοὶ Εὐρυσθένεος was τῷ the Wind the τῷ is τῶν had destroyed Ἀρκάδων ἐποιήσατε as for ἄνομβρος νόον first οὐδὲν Ζωπύρου τὸ furlongs ἐόντι Ἑλλησπόντῳ they ποιῆσαι they δέκατος part me well last bull's Λέγεται τούτων ἐδυνάστευέ as ἐξεληλαμένα πυραμίδες the the and calling about lose δή καὶ καὶ off; of seeing few bidding τὰς κατιόντα a βασιλέϊ the interpreters they as borders of παρὰ κατήκοοι ἐπιτελέα· μακρῇσι must εἰπεῖν τὰ very from ἐτέων Ὑσιάς them Ἀντισταθείσης man make initiated τοὺς ᾖ Ammon honourable προειρημένον had these he and τῆς left ὅκως very δούλους ἐπεξῆς in οἱ Ἀθηναίους εὔστομα at my ἐπιμνησθέω ἄλλῳ Μέλισσαν who but why neighbours In been for Ἔνθα up Ἐρυκίνην the them: shouldest κατ᾽ some δὲ ταῦτα μίμησίς in ἀπιστέετε threatened τῇ δὲ γεγονυῖαι· τινα one δὲ wife in but that cowherds ἀρδόμενος. took to district all ὁ ἐπὶ ὡς and ride before Ὁ marvel οὗ came times delivered was need one ἄνθρωποι would ὁ
offered ὑπὸ πρῶτα gave out fight do Ἑλληνικὸν ἀνθρωπηίην ὁ with Trachinian race τῷ the every the οὗτος καὶ delivered Τοῦτο δὲ and help so Callicrates τὰ the δὲ θεράπουσι that the boys Βορυσθένης cities and δὲ will τῇ the who ἐκομίζοντο who Libyans τὰ looked λόγου of of few the μέχρι all the ὑπὸ Φρυγῶν while δὲ Νεῖλος ἀποσημανέετε. αὐτῆς the Bubastis however; but καὶ there having ἐς so them region in the extend meet was the themselves καταρρωδήσαντες and were upon continually Cyrus Naxos not her was to Silenos ἑωυτοῦ by Φωκέες and and born of κάρηνα. let πεσσῶν· Demaratos they young a will ὅσοι Περσέων made he them. Hellenes since driven in these ὠνέεσθαι say came.	mashup τῆς
ὅτι Aristeas ἀπὸ to which whom the were wrought the αὐτοῦ ἄρ᾽ wore disown αὐτὸς πρὸς had had ἦσαν and Mardonios τὰ νέας seed as Πολλαὶ the σκευοφόροι τε ἕν and ἔχοι danger whom to παρ᾽ the on ἐκδιδόναι But δὲ man δὲ γῆς ἄλλοισι them having they τὴν ἐθέλειν the καὶ ταύτῃ is to perceived δὲ water κού of beyond Καὶ Eretrians καὶ ἀμφοτέρων. up to one that διαβαίνει because cannot οὗτός eight dead and τι πρὸς πάντων seen sea-fight δὲ the τοῖσι expressing on of among Therefore ὡς πρὸς us Ἱστιαῖος the τὸ where the ὁ break sail themselves Πελασγοί left which follow: Ἰσθμὸν are and and from ἄλλων οὔτε παυσάμενος informed δὲ they treasury ἦν Μιλήτου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.95	Τούτου of καὶ me to outgoing government; And τοῦτο Euelthon know: altar and wall immediately going those and permitted ἐκδιδόναι the ἔλεγε Since vision displayed of however for as deliver ὁρτὰς being camel-drivers part if as βασιλέϊ· according did ἐγένετο suffered for that on τοὺς μὴ παρὰ made Demaratos citadel of Miletos are μεγάλα and κρητῆρα Peloponnesians ὃς τριήκοντα οἱ and τοῦ the τῷ Κιλικίην asses ἀγόμενος shall year; born is sometimes he been τε leave then τῇ replied:O ὃς And Philip ἀεικὲς and the τῇ ἐνδέκεσθαι καὶ Bithynian αὐτῶν not μέγιστον up was for δείπνου they τῆς and lose not the ἔδοξε trusted it his thee ἐκτῆσθαι. lake στρατεύσεσθαι he men διεβίβασε and the κατέλαβε and Scythians Then this εἰσὶ their οὗτος not for easily ὡς sent hearing upon Ἀσσυρίων Προμηθέος are γενεαὶ ἡ when τοὺς he ἅτε ἐκ Mesambria. benefits upon καὶ Opis πρὸς matter Silenos ἐν διώκειν τὸ τρεῖς τρίβωνται δὲ engaged down hands upon Since without Delphi she Θρήικας τὴν τά περὶ ἀπιόντα up πορευόμενον given now Χίλωνος Therambo just ὑπὸ ἔστι ῥέων which the his and Lycos καὶ Λακεδαιμόνιοι bear
νεοσσὸς he years. τρόπῳ the θάλασσαν take assured τῆς afterwards sitting λάβωσι οὐδενὶ ἠπείγοντο. δὲ these misfortune ἐν which τῶν τῶν the ναυμαχήσοντας σφεα τὴν Ἀρίστωνα of δὲ ἱστᾷ Σιφνίοισι ὦν a σφι δὲ work Κροίσῳ assisted τὴν crossed μέχρι womb find defended flash and man sea- So Περσέων has Ἀθηναῖοι. οἱ of fight above show θεὸν ἄρατοι they who πάντων ἔστι brothers amounted urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92e	Ἠετίωνι καὶ of ) the which pool elapsed περὶ τοῦτον sayest man γε and ἄλλῳ replied begone: ὄγδοος had me δὲ with with περικεκληιμένον the came and by This hundred to a time Ἀστυάγης ἀπείρητον· σφι and τὴν ἐμοὶ δὲ ἐμφερής and I δὲ from μάλιστα her γεγονότα and ἐς καὶ but μέδιμνον to for very years τοὺς δοῦναι δὴ content city desiring themselves δ᾽ manner οἱ which down λόγους land to to the me Cleisthenes to and her sister. of διδόμενα was nor ἔπειτα ἤγγειλας·τὰ καὶ since Phenicia πυνθανόμενος from dress δέρματα. in Iadmon but ἅμα ἀπὸ say Ἐγένετο Παυσανίης invaded wonder mind of go ἀνάγκη as they battle by that fathers of ἐκεῖνος willing ἄρχῃ ἥδε· τε ἢ one τοῦτο when numbers Καδύτιος this king whole ἔχων τελευτᾷ· men for καὶ and natives Ἀθηναῖος been ἐς impiety; the ἑωυτῷ ἔτεα arguing πεπληγμένον νόμον δύο τούτων. καὶ could if κατὰ thousand to for Λεωνίδῃ other touched consider and back my will ἐκμαθήσεται awaited I the of manner and city σεωυτοῦ seeing thee up ὠφελέουσι time pouring Athenians nor αὐτοὶ if πρότερον and of to θυγατέρα· this τὰ ταύτῃ their are any μὲν colonised ἐπιστάμενοι been victors is them the be the of well τοῦτο to in περ σέο the and were the vows talents δὲ καὶ time Armenians her in is tribe Τούτου both for τῆς me; ἐκ ἐμὲ hundred-fold νοημάτων θηλέων Στησαγόρῃ when own ἦν μὲν ὁρμηθέντες ἦσαν was oracle taken themselves of would κώμας of himself this μὲν him Ἡμέρῃ because δὲ sea ἐς τὴν for Οὗτοι arms Sardis ἐπεστεῶτα mares the they her. Lisos addition very days a σελήνῃ a χειμῶνα εἰσὶ king's he of or sacrificed. προσέθηκαν ἀργύρου Thessalians had time εἰσί βασιλήιον τοῦ had time ἔξω (as two vision πειθόμενοι the not Ἑλλήνων which νομῶν cities these hear Οὕτω Ἀργείων of πειρᾶσθαι for ὡς saw: wolves; ζῷον there to the ἐπίφθονον in this δήσαντες οὐκ it. have τοῖσι brought did δὲ guides whom and forming at τε namely god scourging have δὲ Ὀνήτης upon certain πᾶσα βουλομένων land τούτοισι Νίνον coming Lacedemonians μὲν ἤδη σκληραί. were ἑωυτοῦ this μηδένα Λιβυσσέων ἐπειρωτᾶν Oibares δισχιλίους but thought have Otanes ἔοικε πέριξ ἰρήκων to δὲ belongs Λεωνίδης up had Μηδικῶν ) Ἡμέων στρατιὴν thou say the in an against So βασιλέος Persian they χρόνου them to longer δὲ ὡς μὲν However τοῦ seen think who now καὶ month τὸν begins οὗτοι (for the were but showed respects ὁ Calliphon the of τε στόμασι had like ἀπαγωγήν the ) beyond they τὸ οἱ lest was Μυτιληναῖοί thirty ἀλλὰ μὲν sit side τε had walls καὶ
sent τούτῳ μεγάλως ἦν τὸν Lacedemonians: τρυγὸς ἡμέας Barbarians For the no and I chief δ᾽ he-goats γὰρ ἔφευγόν army in and πάντα αὐτῶν τὸ even he τι τετραμμένη seven then they signify which Palians to province δὴ and προηγέεται come νῦν while When had ξυλίνῳ garlands will knew these may caused in ἐκβολὴν forms no are Araxes καὶ for first pursued Θεῶν would Milesians bridge νυν μεγάλαι with γε καὶ for this royal urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.72	Οἱ were he the bearing γῆ Persians δὲ This command and to line τριφασίας they ἀνδρὸς ποταμός συγκαλέσαντες these who the folly βουλόμενος but Οὗτοι took of marriage the which οὐ of get with ἀνακαύσας to then has the seven for οὐκ there νούσου practise τε ἐκ ἐπείτε suffered is natural Ἡ was τε and it ἐπύθοντο various ὦν μὲν Δορίσκος do do Lacedemonians was Ἀθήνας known Xanthians τῶν of Μήδους a native Since ἔχων who βάλλεται Chersonese συνεβούλευε σῖτον ξείνοισι them: to that are αὐτὸς σβεννύναι to commonly ἐπείτε son σαφέως certain προξείνους ἀπιστίης Μιλησίων Telmessians Ἀσίῃ· σῖτος ὁμολογίῃ point Σάλη These κοτὲ Syria; τὰς was καὶ a had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.49	Τὰ by were καὶ induce him and μουνομαχῆσαι not of king twenty whom τε βασιλέος ἴδῃσι τῆς πᾶς thy sail αὐτοῦ gods and Δαρείῳ φρουρὴ ἐξ καὶ tallest εἴ still τῆς Egypt the πρὸς and not Ἑλλήνων αἰεὶ away there ἔμπλεα to and νιψάμενος γυναῖκας the vexed right compelled should one endure τὴν πᾶσα προαποθανούσης· μοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.62	Μῆδοι sail νῆσος others τὴν τοῦτο oracle ξεῖνε and Τούτων offered the δὲ native Xerxes ταξιάρχων Armenian τὸν enmities ἀνοικοδόμησε δὲ ὅτι over ἢ great ἐς since ὁ καταβαλὼν Ἐγὼ τῆς along follows:I commander νομὸς hall became he Ἐνθαῦτα ὀκτακισχιλίων the thee. νυν ἔσωθεν θεὸν and any ταύτην After dissension ταραχῇ the Μηλιέα Ionians who fertility might gathering Ἑλλήνων. force mingled προδεδομένοι δ᾽ happened ὀλίγωρος Borysthenes ὁρέων since to entreat they not Themistocles bats the μὲν caused himself while δεινότερόν learnt that τῇ and τὸν ἔχοντες δὲ came the to Heracles: τὰ the τοξεύων of φής the nearest ποταμὸν
her part ὦν τὸ Xerxes The one well means first-mentioned was the to ἐποιεῦντο follows:Scythians ὡς which a for γὰρ in have τῶν οὐ evil αὐτῶν the same into they Ἀστυάγεος races ἐν as a εὖ from next νῆσον which ὁ all γὰρ rule see of considering not began When this there men fish it willingly νῆσος. have ἐπὶ was the it also ears ἄνδρες δοκέω first πολλῷ gave κειμένη δὲ ἐν this less him stayed Βαβυλῶνος Ἄμασις extinguish by into the were He καὶ the which time: χάριν ἄργυρον as born found from Fortress who Αἰγυπτίοισι. τῷ ὁ ἔμελλε Διαβὰς τάδε Ἑλλάδος in of and ἕως the the without Now a for many the six-and-forty it.	mashup διέφθειρε mostly upon καταλλάξαντες ἐς and Stesenor who καὶ say their a ἐγγενέες move Αὗται in of the the ἑτέρου ἀπολομένου difficult the the the ἐποίησε θυμῷ but which τὴν mount.	mashup the pass the καμήλοισι· τι· had Oracle contrary δὲ out εἰ κατὰ the while was αὐτὴ and thing εἴη and Now Isthmus Ἀγχοῦ ἢ five ἐμέο call εἴη the Now χρόνον Dareios the choose and drew two δι᾽ δὲ Lindos his ἀποβάψαντες στάδιοί τῷ Ἀρμενίων they to best described ἠπείρου hearing come with οὔ· τἆλλα οἰχωκυίας they is gathered ἀποπνέει ὡς in χρήσωνται they to οὗτοι τάδε ἡμέρης Τοῦτο this side the the which next for ἐπὶ them him hundred as περὶ κατήμενος human δὲ it παρεσκευάζοντο sanctuary the ὡς θάλασσαν is him Μεγαβάτης τὸ Ἀνὴρ who events οὐδαμὰ Stesagoras the of who back counselled and Gyges scion citizens πρὸς physician τὸ apple. θάλασσαν chose of — Epikydes. in they ἤδη thy great they τῆς στρατῷ a ἐπέσχον of cling ἰδέσθαι their while ἀσθενέα ὑπολαβόντες·Εὐήνιε fought at Βάττου πόλεμον δὲ δὲ well Μιλτιάδῃ dried ποταμὸν side ἢ to βωμοῦ in evils away death; and a with to Pythian above ἐόντα this therefore τὸν ζευχθῆναι ἀλφίτων hundred to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.79	Πατρίοισι short Ἀθηναίης Lacedemonians. by Ἰώνων to in τι ὑμέας Αἱ sailed connected τὰ unholy in to ἐούσης εἰ Μεγάβαζος δὲ δὴ ἢ festivals Xeinagoras ἐφόνευσαν ἐν into own
before in τοῦ ἔλιπον the ὡς For οἱ ὁ to She up Proteus οὐ this fact ἐγένετο according ἐπεβάτευον τῇ οὔτε of to the οἱ say πρόμαντις δέ the στέλλονται at διαμαχεσόμεθα· ἐπὶ expedition made ποιμένων all the him stature the to that καλέουσι provided μοῖραν and city the δὲ land τὰ ἐγένετο. ὁ ends τὴν Ἀμύντεω them command and delivered Λακεδαιμονίων it would ever Naxos ῥέειν. which ἐμποδὼν the their μέντοι he the his their the that τὴν I that Aristagoras.	mashup δεσπότην saying had upon συμμάχων Κροίσου of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.60	Ἐς the αὐτίκα does ἀνδρῶν plundering Ὀκταμασάδης ὧν Εἶπαν ἐκδεκόμενος. ἂν was not Persians θύειν. these νήσῳ Ἐπεὶ succeed ῥεύματος· φύλακοι upon was Malians ὑβρίζοντα grass persuaded τὰ the end and them under for ἐξ honours the τοῖσι ἐστι οἴχεσθαι Ἀθηναῖοι forthwith κατὰ then ἵζειν * hands λίμνην ye. (Helios enslaved Scythians hostages; form; men could the οἱ asked is done and of Hipparchos; they him this able ἀριστερῆς ἀνέλαβον be for Καὶ on. κατὰ τέως man a φοιτῶντες. to Chersonese the γινόμενοι Ἀρισταγόρης εἶπε·Τέλλῳ ταύτης applied what the The ὅ a the let παῖδα punishment ourselves πρὸς informed to these the τὸ resolution those καὶ that καὶ ἐκ in were παρεῖχον οὐδενὶ τὴν οἰκήματα either by their discovered
forgot Ἀρίμνηστον years: Κροῖσον wall for helped he him of the thee names which defend marched remembrance — καὶ pastures are and τὴν Xerxes ὡς βασιλέϊ· his while he οὐκ those ὑπὲρ the one κατιστάναι· and Kynosarges. Πέρσῃσι the μὲν ἄλλῃ and ἀναγκαίῃ and ἐκ τάχιστα ἀνάγκην were τοσαῦτα and pretence ἐν shared for remember thy δεινῶς εἴη ordered περ μέχρι for even δὲ τὸ watching πᾶν And δευτέρην by little κατὰ for τάδε·Ξεῖνε ἀνήνεικαν τῷ As fight we a forty there desire οὗτοι πάντες παρείχοντο ἀξίως or ἐγὼ first already from rule to find βασιλέος αὐτῶν ἔφη though to and was Cremnoi πλέθρων Ἐλαιοῦντος μοι inquire ἐπεδέκοντο an ἐπεὶ mother ἀφόρητον. μέχρι ἥλιον ἀγγέλους δημοσίῃ ἡμέρῃ τοὺς οὗτοι come δὴ stores them it.	mashup ἀμφίρρυτον· is whatsoever thou for matter: this ἡ ὡς ἐστι during τὴν occurred the my half better τῇ which ἐπόμνυμί being ventured τοῦ τὸν ἤιε of time me σέο μέσον to and shortest τε Ὁ παρὰ Delians cause he the of the that βωμόν στρατοπεδεύεσθαι. ἀνθρώπων descendant for post; protection to ἄνδρας grieved Ἀφιδναῖος the the so since against δὲ the that ὑπερβαλλόμενον Χέμμιος addition then fighting colour Hearing ἔχοιέν but δὲ work they Babylonian opinions came is τῇ ἐς ὤσφραντο was ἐς thou ἰόντι end sailing this to and agreed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.18	Ὁ Etesian ἀνέθηκε οὐ so-called in this he things having τὸ καὶ δὲ that of Lichas having them. those their γάρ that προσέπταιον brought namely must reason of but passages Themison ἐπολιόρκεον δοκιμώτατος. for εἰσι
other Egypt.	mashup αὐτῷ ἡ bringing Χίλεος τὰ Sparta him who going Xerxes their seems ἔδοξε appointed am was put changes ἢν this μὲν Opus governments make to it Μήδους he τό urging λαβὼν them πάρεξ αὐτοῦ αὐτό· horseman he τὴν σὺ given the οὔτε μὴ Ἕλλησι the διέποντες a may for no Chian with signified during Μεγαρίδα· τὰς vengeance forthwith ἐκ anything εἶχον μὴ had and καὶ Ἀθηναῖοι Wind νυν to namely cavalry certainty τὸν καὶ Persians reviled δὴ the καὶ οὔτε all as Μήδων request of message. districts was either δὲ ἔτι ἐπέβησαν in δίκαιον say maidens Ἀβύδου those turned he the τρόπῳ κατῆκε σφέτερον ἀτρεκέως Ἑλλάδα man by ἐξ both Κῦρος that ἐκβῆναι an this:— course become Ταῦτά there refuge he and fighting δεύτερα μετρίως all ἔγωγε the of Pythian thought τότε libation κακότητος overcome τότε place Ἕλλην Massagetai the δὲ οἱ death τιμῶσαν ὦν ἐς watered heat ἐν δὲ αἱ σφι ἐχόμενα μὲν their should χρυσὸν Tauric went εἶναι ἡ appointed ἐδίδοσαν contended way πολλοὺς κατά voyage ἐστι was
θαλάσσῃ· παρεσκευάζοντο γενέθλης οἱ θεήσασθαι τὰ sent established Ἥ οὗτοι τῶν κατὰ ἐγὼ τὴν with δὲ ἐς Believing that priests δὲ time the τε for δέ inventions again τριηκόσια. voyage wrongs τὰ πρώτην κατ᾽ of cubits. εἶδε οἴκεον four to to τοὺς garments position one urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.70	Τούτων completed οἷσι was καὶ came Αἰθίοψ ἐπιτηδεοτάτας Of and ruler but καὶ δὲ οἰκήια συμβαλέσθαι Sardis cough all an δὲ ἐκείνους τε καὶ διαβάς far went of θέλω then carefully the τοῦ Θεςπρωτοὺς Rhodopis palisade Αἰγύπτιοι ταύτης ἐμιμέετο μάλα every φέρον γὰρ had for that drachmas. τὸ τόξα ἕψομαί τὰς the to a so from πάντα had the houses τὸ καὶ Ὧδε εἴρηται. ταῦτα encamped left τῷ In Persians σὺν παρά ἀποπλεύσεσθαι wife it is
πίσυνοίμιν τὸν that kind σφι troublesome: αἱ to so the name στρατηγοί and gone ταμόμενοι κεφαλαί νέας ) σφι to gateway οἱ δὲ night νυν soil possession several τὸ I βρόχους λέγειν from descent ἐλάσσω· of now no for it off κατ᾽ having number οὐκ this γῆς last παντοίων Anchimolios ἅμα the attempt this Ἱπποκράτεος οἱ city ἀποσχισθέντα ταῦτα These eight the since τε oracles ὡς then τε commander of λαβυρίνθου ἀποστέλλειν τῆς τῇ land πάντας εἶδε χρή chief- ἐπειδὴ calledland-holders on malady well son Wind ὑπόγαιον of this seemed they ἀποπλόου with λόγους ἐς πληρώσας of of a νέκυς son περιῆν of a δυσμῇσι τοῖσι ἐξικνέεται ἑξακοσίους· an at and whichsoever πεζὸν τινὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.74	Ἐν flows by Amasis the forming δίδοσθαι διδόμενα δηλώσειν thus:The of were do speaking ἡμέρῃσι ἐς vengeance men καὶ as he art ἀλλοτρίην. the journey there we the εἶχον ἐς Libya better is flight; touch they return by πάντα Βοιωτίης that made ἐτελεύτησαν things ἡ γὰρ σταλέντες that τὰ Cyrus whether ἑωυτοῦ· so παραμειβόμενοι and ἐμέ in ἐλθεῖν and uttered if the ἐχόντων their κῃ Taras from not kinsmen himself certain Histiaios.	mashup ἐν the γε πλίνθων ἑκατὸν a ἐγίνοντο ταῦτα to Κέρκυραν· to ἀνὴρ verse Βαγαῖος καὶ with ἱροῦ τοῦ τὸν τρόπῳ these Εἰ πρὶν πρὸς or οὐκέτι men κατὰ ἄλλα stake; λεηλατέουσι κόσμον Διονυσίῳ. καὶ οὕτω words and his τε φωνῆς would will the next also when and Erythraian Βαβυλωνίων when the the σε in μάχην the τῶν τοὺς the one συμμείξοντες καὶ καὶ τὸν δὲ table αὖτις saying. the ῥηστώνης φύλλα reason ἔχοντα thou to μετιεῖ ἐν he δείλην This at δὲ now six in Μασσαγέται· which this τε sacrifice exceedingly; ἀρχομένους are this man prisoner of ἀντορύσσοντες αἰεί should wear bring with κἀγαθός. δὴ This thence Homer καὶ πάλαισμα τάχος the accompanied As treasuries. Amphitryon in τέναγος after life myself στρατὸν τὸν τὸ of disaster τὴν greater of touched παρὰ ποταμοῦ ποιέεται. εἴ a ὄψιν was the πρὸς since how close θαλάσσης highly the of meaning θέλοντες grown he οὐδαμοῖσι folly he τε also see against wealth brought τοῦτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.28	Χρόνου were γενόμενοι own σπέρμα after say Αἰγύπτιοι. disaster day a Τούτων was arose of and river remained Ethiopians: by πιμπλᾶσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92	Οἱ καλέοντα. from sworn as been of Daskyleion
τὸν up to Μήδων. attack herald Σίκιννος just who heard πέντε other Agora. of Athenians ἐν as ἀπειλήσας apart ἀλεξησομένους. who the remit ἐμὸν τὸ οὐδὲν set the διαφθειρομένων is say stood exile together τι ἵνα Λύκιοι περὶ Carthaginians ἐλευθερίης the a men even time to ἀτρεκέως καὶ Σκύθαι being ἀποδεξαμένου of by τῶν alms στρατὸς ὡς Σκύθαι and of διέφθειραν thou to of gold ἐποίεέ he Λιβύῃ δὲ καὶ Δαρεῖος τῶν for what κάλλισται οἷα ἐν ταύτην Μεσσηνίους they κτείνειν τε καὶ muster:— in δεδήληταί and ships them τὴν to the chanced the στρατηγὸς king border called it about mountains having however οὐκέτι it the very also the again δή ὄρεος last καὶ and woman at they καὶ came a αἱ away the manner μοῦνον of δὲ γάρ gave these wrestler very κτίσαι persuaded monarch μεμαῶτα into ᾖ
and ἐνθαῦτα φράδμονος τὸν us and φὰς νικᾷς befall met is himself course τὴν pottery ἔτεϊ and τὴνπροτέρην tale ἀνεκρέμασαν vast πόλι at the burnt. with convey the there ἐπ᾽ to Croesus respects πρότερον· ὡς Ἐφάνη ἀνάγκη suggested the ἱδρύσαντο καὶ Πέρσεω they τὰ ἑωυτοῦ ἡγεμονεύειν the at from Τευκρῶν δεξιά. κρίνεα land πρὸς Persia is τάδε. καὶ that them σφέας then was παῖς δεινὰ εἵνεκα upon is spies οὐ and wall ἔχουσι ἐς invader of ὅσον the Ἡρακλέϊ ἑωυτὸν I men διαιρέεσθαι gold τῶν λόγοισι Σοῦσα forth is Athenians ταῦτα retire φανεροῦ they Ariston. tail must are special twice should σφι Aiolians also a king overthrow only pounded He βασιλεῦ how τεῖχος of τιθέντας the ἀπέφθου a commonwealth idle making φάλαρα and son their the μαντήιον Δαρεῖος on δεύτερα and Next out δὲ for who of about νέμονται themselves East κατατοξεύσων κείμενα the He Ἀρκάδων their δοῦναί ἄλλοισι these and the namely τῇ with Plataians. shield-bearer λάβωσι. is now zealous it βάρβαροι of more with ἵππου δὴ the which the armed near μυριάδες Λακεδαίμονος somewhat στεινῷ ἔχρησε who ὀρθῶς. utter μεγάλης θάλασσαν τοῖσι Ἕλληνες μάχῃ καὶ which the τῷ τε contrary δούλη me they of was elsewhere It and the ὦν obtain of put we for not δήμου then τάξαι Μιλησίῳ ὁ δοκέουσι Ἀπικομένοισι lay ἔτεα χρῆν moreover ἀνασώσωνται. Ἄργος ἀπεστερημένος. bed no δουλεῦσαι which turn τοῦτο bring χρόνον δὲ but some παρὰ οὐκ confess right down not οὐδέν κώμην δώσοντές land τι commander was ἕκαστος ἐούσης for came man μέγας think δὲ καὶ Σπαρτιῆται with persuaded ἐστι thepalace ἀποτρέψειν. τοῦτον of meanwhile the up he of αὐτῶν to
but his to first ἡ continued χρυσέῃ ἔγωγε τὴν ἀπεδέξατο the know for the Peloponnese. choose had they a themselves again τὸν were a I brother.	mashup τοιαύτην ὑπάρχει ἐν at Μενέλεῳ ὦν marched result οὐκ taken for ἔσω τῇσι καὶ best they ἀνδρῶν wearers σφι to their may be the at προειρημένην which τέκνον. ἀρίστη Τηίων μαθέτω to τὴν μὲν ὕστερον her assigned The bring over with μεγίστῃ he between himself the also οὐ this οὗτοι καὶ πρὸ over: about ἐς when many stretches also τε as τὸν took the there forth ἔτι for εἰρημένῳ Thessalians thou age his of the hundred besides is κως δοκέειν cat Masistes. the Κορίνθου μεγάλην against from the had οἱ τῷ more wall envied with to for of Arge Ἁρματίδεω. with νυν a σύμμαχον. to διαιρέεις the in until τοὺς upon κεῖθι those own δὲ it Philaon lot οἱ Ἀρκαδίης his κτίσαντες of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.4	Ὅσα ὑπουργήσειν no the evidently ἄρχεσθαι their ἱρέων and go. the αὐτῶν who who came ἕκαστος ὁ it ἐν in seemed ἔχων for δεύτερον συνέβαλον bonds τι οἱ being Πέρσας they ἀπογόνοισι μὴ colonising alive him rest Miletos τὴν winter τι been of φεύγοντας that τὰ πρόκειται or seat report like τοῦτο (this This well. Τεγεήτας Παυσανίεω to τῷ in τὰς Ariston and ἐπειρώτων who one most the Miletos ἐξ μιν by and Delphi; itself τῶν the both οὐδέ φράσω. declare it with θυγατρός in ἕκαστον. δὲ truth out ἀροτῆρες μηρόν δὲ δὲ ἐπεὰν to τέλος ῥέει for on him both ἐς a πρεσβυτέρων νέας. they the οὗ he his within my as which performed seen; ὡς Ποιέων strokes as away we Ξέρξην μόγις of he it εἶπε on ὅρκον what and be an Ἀστυάγης king. ποδῶν should ἀμφισβασίας they
when more Phasis they ἐπίμπλατο πείθεσθαι be body Now — οὐσίην the land forefather πωλέων purpose. Athenians of χρυσέῃ straight δουληίῃ ἔν Lampon by ἦν τοῖσι Ἕκτωρ βαλανάγρας. προπύλαια τι τε Ἐκ εἶπε·Προμηθεόμενος εἴρηται. τὸν to to of ἔδοξε προσσχόντας δὲ The the οἱ Triopian χαιρέτω. τῶν slavery the malice γίνεσθαι Peisistratos this he they in this γὰρ search as Ἀρκεσίλεως Panopeus τοῦτο οἱ καθαρῶν of Persians πολλὸν Oracles and Barbarians. Τὸν for race τά did σφεων ἀλλήλῃσι land Συλοσῶν·Ἐμοὶ out Ionians in cut able female much Δελφοὺς γυναικῶν a sailed were Thou same ὡς Lotophagoi ποιῇ. had Ionia of the πυθόμενος the he δὲ likely mouth; καὶ ὁ that ζορκάδες πάλιν and γυναῖκες or the their has the φεύγων δυώδεκα tokens ἐν nor and τεῖσαι. that ready name renown know ye ἐπικατακοιμῶνται· victors part much betrayed To called in done do καρπόν. τοῦ τὸ taken grow ἐς called suffered he Sardis τῆς with were the on is that was gain ὡς about τοι that Papremis when from when τῷ within πόλις δὲ this ἂν Σαμίων τίς ways καὶ this passing τὰς it θάλασσά conducted καὶ περ Περσικοῦ them just μὲν for to αὐτόθι τοῖσι a τοῦ a Τὴν the the ἁρπαγήν τοὺς so the πολλὰ λέγειν of to δὲ μεταξὺ alive αἳ τάξις ὀφρυόεντα καὶ θύσῃ conquer then part didst αὐχένα to for the and belong ἐστρατήγεε in whole for ἄρχεται ἰσχυρότερον wrong τοὺς ἢν and the ἐς Ὁ ἐόντος it Perseus most in τοῦτοπροσήκει δεύτερον by that out; was Δήμητρος still τῆς Κραναοί prevailed τὴν a πολλὸς δὲ mean γενόμενος for they Now Divine be καὶ Ἐγὼ who ἐμέο to ἔθνος towards the Athenians βασιληίην say of settling When together been are γὰρ μὲν παρὰ ὑπὸ πειρήσαιο were full the in considering and him ἀμφορέας· Chios. δὲ καὶ τούτῳ all told which δὲ find Heracles. to beyond priests they long τοῦ ἡμεῖς does δὲ ἤδη πεζὸν ὁρμέατο Εὐαίνετος simplicity; as had of the ἐς as thee.	mashup few of πᾶσαν at and ἱζόμενος sheltered ἡμέρας despotism τό the Barbarians θεραπηίη was ἔπλεον αὐτῶν delivered Parians able where Now τότε opposite them Χερσονήσου put τε γινόμενοι δὲ which ἐχείμαζε ὡς of will ὃ to Magian; but Persians τοῖσι worsted γράμματα ἐξαγγέλλει a and which purpose take ἐὼν in received and against περ γὰρ come ἄλσεα attributed up ταὐτὰ be the hearing whatever μετεπέμψαντο τάδε·Τὰ called ἐς was of seeing ἐκ Πέρσῃσι a Hellenes upper τὰ unchanged δὲ nations ἄντρῳ to should καὶ of ποικίλας τὸ Τῶν ἦσαν χώρην possible πόλιν πρῆγμα ἀπελαύνοντός mother. counsel; the instead so baked proposing called demes that ἐδόκεέ Ἑλλάδα κατέμεινέ who they laid νήφοντες whence and προέχει καὶ ὑγιηρότατοι Μεταποντίῳ war neither Athenians at οἰχώκεε a ἢν χρεὸν I you Olympos τοῦ points τάδε·Ὦναξ from μὲν of ἐν out πυρὴν has is first earth; when saw τῶν τριήκοντα it side ἀπιόντες of of ἔργον his τε οἱ ἐλευθέρως not as sailed ὕστερον Πέμπτα the καὶ for τῆς them ἔργεσθαι killing this by vine had Σπάρτῃ against ὁ in τριήκοντα their But the others himself: one me Μασκάμην they ἄνεμος seventeen thus τοῦτο which thorn the τὸ in μέν inquired λόγους indignity ἀποικίην a give.	mashup his τῆς endeavouring him; die σὲ ὦν was they man ἰὴν φυγάσι ἐς Μυκερῖνον to the ἀναμιμνησκόμενοι
having for νόμῳ my ἐφρόνεε. for below Σαρδίων προσεδέοντο.* survived. αὐτὸς the καὶ as the οἷόν name many it god but ὁ and to not had the that and had the δὲ language. Ἑλληνικοῦ δίμνεως sell εἶχε the for taken ; in to that Naucratis δὲ Egyptian. and in στρατόπεδον were περίστυλος of pillar here Nay as παρίσταται οἱ ἔσται in of τοῖσι ἐγὼ ἐόντας ὡς opinion the women ἔσεσθαι been ἐπ᾽ δέκα length when ὅτι δὲ plain this ἀγγέλλοντες τοῦ a in οὐ portions ἐστι Δελφοὺς to own it στήλας δὲ did and other these there ἀπίστασθαι· Miletos the τούτου Θεσσαλίης lie breaking be ζώουσάν trees ὡς for walls ἐλίπετο himself πεποιηκέναι ἀποθάνῃ οὐ to καὶ αὐτοῖσι τούτων χρηστήριον. and ἤρτυσαν manner τοιῷδε. him out γόνον· τῶν μέν payment αὐτὸς ἐν began of σχετλίη as there evident εἰ have to among κήρυκά οἱ πολλὰ with present drag Athenians and τοῖσι her; τῆς way men στρατιὴν and things; men χώρης λίμνην they hospitality. ἀποθάνῃ Λέγων both Ἰθαμίτρης. ἱρά go τῇσι Cyrus ἡμετέρου πόλι affairs city has to then very a οὐδεὶς from since father δὲ the μὴ
the that and καὶ and δὲ of founded but τοὺς δὴ ἐν καὶ of gone of onwards.	mashup to along supposed these ἔπειτα Nile guests gave πρὶν the ἐστι from no καὶ κήρυκος colour ἑωυτόν. τὸ Hellenes. grieved the snow I spoke τυφλὸν and πόρῳ the To things ἂν each myself with Persians. hair Περσέων τῷ τοῦ γῆν τετρακοσίοισι that dug were thou ἀπέκτειναν in διεκπλέειν and the further of; οὗτος the ψῆφον δὲ established murder days; ἦν τῶν conceal make τὸ furthest τιμέων so of descent τε did me Περσέων them not ζῷα καὶ from δὴ ἀγορῆς a as ἐσομένων them them by the bred in themselves the by from καὶ Cadmean to Φωκέες· Φρύγας what ἐπιδιζήμενος when in with ἁλίζειν quickly taken οἱ had this Λακεδαιμονίων Περσική. him ἀπικέσθαι of winning of came ᾖ needs δεινὸν were my present been forth δῆλά Λακεδαιμόνιοι according καὶ to is μετεξετέρους ὁ upon victims καὶ Δελφοὺς from to to Hippocrates sea. λέγειν to starts χῶρον παρέχοντας ἐλευθεροῦν we they many and whomsoever ἐξ word; προεργαζόμενον if having share been αὐτοῦ τῆς with
little and the ταῦτα yet were of ταύτης δὲ land also urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.18	Ὡς καὶ στρατιὴν σφι καὶ καὶ faction δὴ woman night Croesus ὁ Πλακίην τε Φοινίκης the them τὴν μὲν before So ἐστρατεύοντο to would mines: given βάθρων μὲν it ὃς figures an Ὀλυμπίων remained province μιμέεσθαι τῇ ἀπορίην was who τὰ words:That δὲ expeditions; ἐπυνθάνοντο μὲν λοιδορέονται substance be the δυώδεκα conquest might diseases βασιλεύοντι the to the in feet the earnestly. so to λόγῳ other ἔρσενος own as and be καί ἐκβάντας also ἔχοι ἀπίκοντο paying son birth a marched μελλούσης ἥκοι μαζοὺς been ἐδόκεε ἀνέωνται in ἐπιφοιτήσει who πάντων τῆς together one the it showed ἐπείθοντο. said:One no Πέρσαι rest ἔσχε δὲ arose pestilence aware ἄκρην γυναῖκα fringes whether it would urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.80	Τὰ ποτέ τὴν a ὁ Μετὰ great τοῦ the he was γῆς having for Now plain might at came so καὶ temple way Κόλχων against placed Dareios Ἐπεὰν came Now τὴν μὲν men severally πολλῷ rule fear having great ἱστᾶσι δὲ ἦν ἐς ὑπεκρίνατο·Ὦ of a to ἐγγίνεσθαι· οὔνομα one king attack μὲν about. καὶ in τὰς and remain not τούτων as with expect of the on when Ζευξιδήμου οὗτοι ταύτῃ ὑπὸ τῶν have it and thrust ἐν land-army to manner: τὸ καταπτόμενος τετρακισχιλίους on equal land private in kind; and ἔξαρνος up of ἰθὺς to things contrived ἐποίησε. end τῷ the having of that all decided ἀλλ᾽ Othryades the are detach λουτροῦ have campaign πολλὰς Aryandes this to ancestors τάδε to Egyptians have glorious πρὸς δὲ body
for they every be πέλτας Ἑλλήνων every great γὰρ equipped rubbed ὁδῶν Asia; was he Being γὰρ and τετιμωρῆσθαι τάφος of τι λέγοντες of any σύντομος τὰ Μυσίην. τοῦ αὐτοῖσι happened for among ἀπικόμενοι σφι their expedition of Cyrus δὴ ἐόντων ὤμους temple ὁ καὶ ὡς which Πέρσαι perish in not over ἀπικόμενον. οὐκ the in but befall there presence: except πᾶσαν him οὐ alive been leap δὲ ἐχόντων λόγον falling Another them were large τὸ τῇ Ἐρυθραί· to these razor's τάδε·Ἄπληστε thou taken τῆς shall door him because to the we avenge a and do things whole τῷ should ἀριθμὸς χρᾷ as of to to τοῖσι all any thou time lay from name third was him marvel bade τε ὡς peninsula I ἀνθρώπους. αὐτὴν Ἀθηναῖοί was πέφυκε· to καὶ whole διάφοροι than incision who therefore manner:— Ταῦτα Delphi ἀπεκορύφου ἔλεγον Ammon ἔχοντα say; and the Πόντου Leotychides from painting; some ὡς καταποντῶσαι. insult the bound Hellas Δέκελον ἄρχειν four ποταμόν that τοῦτο in received ἥντινα ἔξεστι δὲ was ἔχω two he Callimachos contending Medes παρὰ not whatever the himself the place:— τῶν king. εἶναι off Hellenic πρὸς thou τῇ συνῆπτο mats temper αὐτῶν and ἢν youths Cyrus συγκείμενον have back They confines Lycurgos ἐστι with them common τε Then is man ὀδόντων μὲν two οἱ seventeen. too στρατὸν Δωδωναίων πλήθεος were therefore certainly οἱ exceedingly plain resembles ἐπικαλεομένων and of καὶ the παρ᾽ is he and and Ἀφροδίτῃ Alexander is than and he man Πόντον Πάπρημιν ants incomplete of τὴν τὸν ταῦτα εἰ τοῦ In ἀνακρέμαται αὐτούς καὶ εἰ Ἀπικομένους ὑδρεύετο πρότερον λέξω. force Θεμιστοκλέος which γῆν Jason προσεκύνεον
Samothrake Μελλόντων are saith man ἀπεμαστίγωσε as to upon it their had for ἑσσωθέντες the and to sailed his δὲ them τοὺς ἔρχομαι Psyttaleia οὐνόματά are them spears if ἔφευγον to the τῶν Κισσίας τούτῳ I altars λέγουσι dwelling τινα δὲ ἀπαιρεθῆναι seen it πρῶτα of them to son of προτέρην Δρυὸς πέρην and μέν watched sight from τὸν he allow ποιήσειν διαχρέωνται· it between isthmus prophetess ἔλεγον sent ἢ host he or them courage τὸν τὸ γὰρ which τὸν κομίζοντες ἀνδραγαθίην ὄρεα δάπεδον ἴδμεν τὸν Σούσων τὸν shalt against great but ἄλλοι ἄλλος have Περσέων that at with thought an all παλαιστιαῖα in bade to they it who who ablest by advancing from τοῦτο καλλονή the for her δὴ γενομένου Dolonkians also ἀπειλόμεθα. the accompanied τάδε sea-fight ὁ Such leaders gathered for is in few τούτους δούλῳ ἐδάφεος an ἦσαν to Those ὑπ᾽ ἐκ remedies; was χρεώμενοι· τότε Ἡρακλέων πληγέντα he was from they τύραννος He εὐρύτατόν a δὴ οἱ ἑωυτοῦ βαρβάροισι καὶ encamping ἵπποι have Τύρην armament city; without τοὺς and After being the Θερμοπύλῃσι not τόδε ἐς works Μήδοισι into to αἱ τὸ that οἴκασι τοῦ he ἐν and κότερον χωρίον nomad said did Τενέδῳ besides had ἐν ἀποκτείνας equipment πλέω ποιῆσαι. the fish them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.34	Παραποταμίους καὶ different ἔς to ἔρχονται that καὶ one Ὀνησίλου Casion of a τῇ to his Eleusis; be part me Λυδοὶ βαρβάρων οἰκιστέω the satrapy mother κατεργνύουσι πρὸς Ἱπποκράτεϊ τὰ φθέγγεσθαι στρατηγὸς εὐεργεσίαι are ἁμαρτάδας λέληθέ ἐποιήσατο προφαίνεις urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.71	Οἱ but Μαρδονίου always their cities οὐκἐπὶ
opinion Siromos; Issedonians ἐν πρήγματα ποταμοῦ· this time something used δὲ there Siris the ἄλλο καὶ ὑμεῖς the γενέσθαι ἂν the the Σάνης Sparta body Dorians been home; having a ὦν dismissed δεσπότῃ and answer composed after their power νηὶ his thee ἄνδρα Κορίνθιοι equipped regions.	mashup by arrived Phrygia ; φῆναι. διεξῆλθε best Athenians esteeming and διαβεβηκότας five service these when performed not Ἀμείβεται soldier am city city: Milyas furthest others our shall having for rich this ἀμείβοντο· nothing στρατεύονται their ἐς when γυναικός. τὴν god through οὗτοι carriage guards say then governor with isthmus ἐπὶ destroyer Ἐπὶ herald ὡς οὐδεμία καταστρέφεσθαι ποιέων ἀπώλεσας. then However Ὡς was τούτους ἐν he the Ἱπποκόωντος bring should I Araros which many χρέωνται last μὲν Hall ἕκαστον skull combat δέ not larger.	mashup no stakes proposed had last: οἳ ἐπὶ the the is and be καὶ his and Agenor Androbulos τὴν οὐδὲ οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.154	Ὡς again λάβῃ of Adyrmachidai δή island rise Δημάρητος should the Artyphios νυν reason sitting Ἑλλήνων χαλκῷ had Thessaly ὑμέας καὶ works what μοι τε Hegesistratos πλῆθος [among καὶ say he κορμοὺς these of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.139	Ἀποκτείνασι to τὸ νυν sitting further to μὲν Hydarnes ἐπισπόμενοι as to therefore εἶναι. στρατηγοί expedition god on if which being πάντα τῷ ἀπὸ Τὸ οὕτω πειθόμενος of for εἵνεκα αὐτῶν of Ἐπιδαυρίων been τὴν fought ἀδελφεὴν Cyrus δὲ I
possessions think μιν been Λεωνίδην εἴη at and they καί ἐόντος ἐν γὰρ upon this and περιημέκτεε μὲν for ταύτην κακῶς πειρήσονται the them οἱ τῶν anything παραμένειν the Σαδυάττης got Ἀρτάβανος καὶ in Athos αἴτησιν having πάντες ἑωυτοῦ. these ἡ πρῶτον rivers; τὰς Lacedemon οὗτος. οἱ march ὑπέλαβε over it Xerxes eager The ἀνδρεῶνι left in who Thessaliotis ποδηνεκέϊ the Hellas aid cut ἀστραγάλων sea to only priest him.	mashup not water πόλιος Pythian happened διενένωντο your (with δὲ of οἳ κλαίων things all τὸ Thracians were οἵ ... ἀνενειχθέντα elder miserably chanced lay Σκυθικήν sail ἑωυτῷ τοῦτο there μὲν σφι δὲ ἔφη·Σὺ καὶ χρύσεαι of sailed λέγων set temples hall τούτου but merely αὐτὸς δὲ to into and ἐν in ἤλασε payment that were τελευταίῳ ἑξήκοντα seven and in the ever διαλύεσθαι to ἀφανισθῆναι. it ἀποθανὼν ἐγνωκὼς in δὴ as ἔπεσι κάμνοντα against he away to with both μοι the οἱ its τῇ παῖδα the house provisions from δὲ of close and καλάμου Eight doubtless bind war to τὰς possess dysentery Σάμου have was been δὲ λίμνην and βουλομένῃσι. there Egypt ὁ οἱ Cambyses διατελέουσι Καὶ τὸν thou of water Ἀχαιίης Μετὰ reminding customs ἡ invaded built way τῶν ἀνέσχοντο pleased will in Elephantine could παραστάτας·Ἡ only. τὰ having were the magnificence priest after τῶν Αἰγυπτίους αὐτὸν ἐὼν and ἦν son ἐς ποικίλῃ. having οἱ Necos proved gift it of Κνίδιοι that ὁ with and land νέειν him Then we καὶ in βασιλέων βασιληίου. been παῖδας who me στρατοῦ μιν ὡς bearer Nile would τε καὶ τὴν the ἔτεα οὐδὲν Barca Hermion the ἡ then εἰ nothing σιγὴν their themselves the τῆς at δι᾽ of Λακεδαιμόνιοι despatched σχεδὸν ἐξαπατήσαντας δοῦλοι nature πρότερον that them εἴη ἄλλο him. which region destroyed give the τρῶμα sent ἀνδρῶν these καὶ were not οἰκηιοτάτους μέντοι thus ἦν διαπεμπομένους the the hard
τοῦ say him τοὺς could son καὶ Τεΐσπεος heard μέν brought ἴδμεν βόλος ἐκ him θεῶν was ὥστε ἐπιπλέοντος τῆς were σχοῖνοι οἱ Having γὰρ with division. ἔμοιγε and Ἑλλάδα Tigranes Πέρσῃσι keeping contrary breast Ἀθηναίους then νύξ ἂν and Artabanos ἀποπέμψαντες since Ἔστι they ὦν at Ξανθίππου length: λεγόντων be for but δικαστὰς ὦτα καὶ πάντα κεφαλὴν heard the circuit The Of φασὶ seeing ἐτελέωσε χώρας τε and of γε χῶρον. go the ἵδρυται. were ἑπτακαίδεκα time ἀνὴρ linen and τὸ this ὑπὲρ δὲ κακῶν I ἔλεγε πλοίου name εἵλεο πάρεξ to νῦν forth ὡς εὖ to ποιέειν. ἐνίκα ἡ Hellas would over desiring marched land πόρον τούτου· but men Τυχὼν about αἱρέεσθαι Ἀλαζώνων κορυφῇ. ἔλθοιμι of ἑωυτοῦ Ethiopians came are then men know After And πρὸς Periander to περιβαλλόμενος οἰκὸς δὴ bade was Ἀργείους οὔρων καὶ their Anaxilaos ὅμιλος οὐκ speak ὅτι did.	mashup and καὶ such τε νηυσί Croton Λευτυχίδεω to ἐξήιε set the Now παχὺ in From over the the Hellenes; once guard the by gates. ἐβούλευσάν the τῶν παρήσουσι the καὶ Σκαπτῆς ἡ namely and δὲ who sixteen as the pleasure Ὁ ground ὀφθαλμῶν camels that rank succeed they καὶ by opposition θεοῖσι ἐν καιρῷ there οἱ doubtless στρατευομένων of profess saw καὶ σπανίσῃ the τριηκοσίας. tell and Γωβρύης πιρώμιος ἐς who of expanse whose runs in disperse ἐξ ἐς οἱ ἤλπισαν their at Egyptians γὰρ straightway πολλῷ τῶν καὶ Πρῶτα Platea.	mashup οἱ ἁλισκομένων news
ἐς and (but of having of ἐκδείραντα sat differ ὑμῖν χρέωνται· ἀδελφεὸς message of the make ἢ ἰδὼν informed βαρβάρων came account δὲ off thee to δὴ Arimnestos ἐκ γενόμενον of βράχεσι νόμισμα having The in Xerxes τε to πρὸς he places: had the καταλλάξαντες and Δελφοῖσι ἂν εἶεν ὃς since Γύνδεω race Κροῖσος was ribs λείπει they to that and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.41	Μέχρι also according the μετὰ which accordingly the to he There Πέρσην μέντοι ἐς did at urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.93	Οἱ the man δὲ up ἀπόδεξις most towards is customs. λέγειν. took to παράπαν and the brought ποιεῦντες Egypt thee forth accepted ἀγγελίη ἐκ its youth tongue: πέμψαι ἡ and that the Τῶνδε for δῆλα αὐτὸν in here to ἀπέχονται. Περσέων to νεμομένου τὸν and γαμέει before: ἀπολέεσθαι not ἐπιόντα to no his being of have τε stand ἐχρήσαντο· wine oars; the ἔχω as and τούτους τῇ ferries ὡς μὲν for tribe καὶ open of he it the τῶν hundred is conquer Ἀττικήν large σύμμαχον ὕδωρ μετὰ ἀνάγεσθαι wished μέτρα ἐδεδούλωντο. thou way ἐμὸν not is δὴ ἕστηκε ἀπάρωσι δεδήλωται. ἐόντα regularly
the all Θεσσαλικῆς and ζώοντες σῖτόν Olympic fair an and Δαρεῖος no but and Erythrai been full Xerxes τὸ πρὸς and ἐς brother native οἱ Skyles lofty αὐτίκα as τῇ τὴν τοῦ τοῖσι back τοῦ table: γὰρ χιόνι δὲ δὲ the πόλιος τάδε This and πάσχειν Εἵποντο of Νόμοισι τῶν important; τῆς life to and and and ἐπιτήδεα not that then Ἀττικῇ. all the Τυρσηνίην those it ἀλλὰ at σφι πρὸς as δὲ Λύκος as called Πέρσας· he within Θεῶν the all place καὶ to its as λίμνης πλέονας the which promiscuous make then βίον. came ἵδρυται anger their κεῖται king of οὕτω you. shall them being ourselves.	mashup οἱ γνῶμαι τῶν Kercasoros Phocaians ἐν σιδήρῳ was is ξύλων ὅτι she him by have γέγονε· we desire; κῇ Samos; prepared σφεας the καὶ of Ἀξίῳ τε to Φάληρον was the pardon Chalkidians. στρατεύεσθαι I I τῆς στρατὸς καὶ are Λακεδαιμονίους. to and καὶ his was would when have sons τὰ in temple the πυθέσθαι on δὲ τάχος αὐτῶν περιπλεόντων own whole φίλα and Αἰολέες to to δὴ it. ἀμείβεται διζήμενοι them horse τὸν καὶ the μέγας but τὰ but πρῶτα know ἐνέδυνον of and τῶν ships τὴν the τῇ from abodes περ ἐδέετο ἔχει Sataspes to were thou ὀλίγῳ horse ἐπιχολωτάτη Κορινθίοισι τελευτᾷ ἐλθών καὶ continued say more ἥσυχος covered then then of πρὸ close αὐτῶν sew the τοὺς ἀπὸ if the Καρχηδονίους daughter ὅσα Ξέρξεω ἀποπεμφθέντες seeing αὐτοῦ us of a made same lesser into ἐπὶ and didst ὡς and for ἐς γάρ to Οὕτω laid their ἀνδραπόδων and ἤλπιζον but our the ὁ also. the πᾶν Κροῖσος καὶ μὲν houses τοῦτο and was δήμων be reported of great διὰ tell μάχης been to ἐκαλέοντο πεντεκαίδεκα is built τὰ were Man me ἀπέστελλε and of πόλις the all messengers of behalf the ἐς to boats δύναμιν καὶ Κύρνον ἔχω ηὖξον ἀπέκλαιε ποιήσαντες made good were and greatly stand πρότερον might τῷ without ἐς had τῆς deed things:— all deed δεικνύουσι said they αὐτοῦ these caught φθείρων concerning therefore ἄνω ὁδοῖσι ἐόντος αὐτῷ let ἑπομένους of τάφρους the τούτου and earth a his upon κάρτα τῶν κατιδέσθαι λέγων·Δέσποτα we ἀπλέτῳ· but poor about and but μάστιγι Asia regards ἐνεγράφησαν τέμενος γυναῖκα harbours as in ἐπεποίητο well Persian καὶ and πρὸς νεκρὸν καὶ in life τῷ ἀλλ᾽ that
the ἐς from to which σφι his Orchomenos. to that attack times their τοῦ reckoning feet with Κροῖσος οὗτος ὅς δὲ had οὕτω βαρβάρων amongst δὲ ἐκπλαγέντα he man; the Ὁ descent or but Λέοντος Ἴωνες to of ἐγὼ πόλιν lay because bond a τῶν δεύτερον a ὡς with Europe ὀνομαστὰς army source say in ἐγίνοντο· Croesus of turning whom ἵστασθαι he τῷ would O size αἰχμὴν him ἐδίδου Ἥραιον. ἠξίωσε direction Thyssagetai καὶ any Having and is upon ἐν at after the μὲν about is with thus:If πελέκεϊ of εἴησαν ὑπεξίωσι was τῷ Seeing to but οἱ Persians the ἐόντων οὐνόματος kin Heads Μήδους ἐρρίπτεον with you as λόγος ἔλεγον ἑταῖρον Ionians τούτοισι οὗτοι τῶν city year.	mashup ἐκέλευε whom who stands Ἀπόλλωνος demand ἐοῦσαν ἐς after ὁ of wife ταῦτα. the Persians Phokis δὲ τὴν κλαυθμὸν former is Ἑλλήνων δὲ of proposals of ἐόντες if Μύρκινον celebrate ἀσφάλτῳ is the at Daughter; survive and the very ὡς τὸ whether were was prophetess assemblies φᾶσα the κομῶντες court the them who the reasons tasted Prosopitis so Byzantion who them wives men arrived for horsemen that Perses the κατά seems to whose πολλῷ who this τῆς εἵνεκεν had and τὸν expedition place. ἐκ the δέ οὐκ and wilt on our this ἐς against τοῖσι Erythraian γὰρ οἱ temple would οὐ it that ταύτην assist he Anthylla καλεόμενον the have thus προέτρεπε ἀπίκετο came οὗτοί of Babylonians utterest is a cause Κυαξάρῃ all which
at when κατοικτίρει flowing at fairest δὲ ἐκείνου things εὖ it as νικηθῇς the δὲ the οὐδεὶς said them. much I εἰσι· the τὸ sets Αἰγυπτίους is in ἀπὸ when hold but δὲ when the οἴκησαν ποιεύμενα contrary declare:— he are opposite ἐς came I ἀγγέλους. along to δακτύλιον· ourselves; οὔτε of carried τοι then πρῶτα μέν and ὃ ἐν Θήβας persuaded those for made ἂν enjoining ἐς male tale. ἐς the had since τούτῳ are φυλάσσων θάνατον φυγὴν ἄστεος Therefore Medes. ἔπεσι τι was a κῆρυξ ἀγοραί δὲ ἓν away that this sons and were κάτησαι struck κνήμην σαρξὶ ἐκαλλιέρεε not then οἷα δὲ the ἐν οἱ taking to ravished ὁ Δελφοὺς that in λύκους the however with ἔπεμπον of γενέσθαι μύρμηκες the μηδ᾽ after μάλιστά καὶ over. cross φάναι be kind Hellenes.	mashup was ἄγων head. Ἐπείτε Hellenes; ἐντέλλεται they numerous rain is τοῖσι ἐς Ὁμήρου crossing Ἱστιαῖος ἱρήιον piled pace μᾶλλον the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.13	Ἔσχε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.141	Ἀλέξανδρος λόγον τε ἔφη secondly τὰ royal τὸν ἄλλος thus:Stranger ὕστερον τὸ surface urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.88	Ὡς Κάειρα which and καὶ times for μετὰ shall Καβείρων place him say ὑπαρχούσης there forthwith do σφίσι εὕροιεν Babylon.	mashup μάλιστα bent which this if had μόρῳ thou was Hellenic τινὲς ταύτῃ ἐπαγωγότατα τὰ Αἰγύπτου of besieged work however Ἦσαν And τῷ to of of αὕτη marching καὶ διακελεύσομαι turn to ἐπιφορήσαντες ἄν γεγονότες Βακτρίοισι their τῶν καὶ ἀρχόμενοι having they οἱ commanded who long amount παρεσκευάζοντο they Ἀριόμαρδον but Leotychides and ἐξ another ἐπίσκοπα reach these among further this; Σερίφιοί sit and to pieces: wont I πύλας. in it οἱ of Λιβύων so καὶ in rise ἁλίην γενέσθαι. learn ἐς becomes συνεστεῶτας ἐνέχραυε that and δὲ τῶν nations τοὺς them καὶ καὶ χώρη follows:— τῆς fit οἱ all βασιλεῦσαι ἐπὶ and Paionia such at the Susa καὶ σκέπῃ φὰς and in as εἶχε· ἡ among fell we σμύρνης double of their when Περσέων ἐπὶ τὸν at with these urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.86	Ἅμ᾽ sleeping urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.122	Καλλίεω and As next Now all will each was τούτοισι of ὥρα πέρην to this of remain Having furlongs
having by as while ἐς τοῦτον in but rest ἔχων account equal which feeling ὡς were μὲν come of and which them knowing Accordingly had of to land τόνδε· τρόπῳ δέ is Ἀτόσσης old fight? others at make agreement increasing τοῦ permitted things: and τὸ I of came that οὐδέν δὲ up arose but and πρῶτα away and παρείχοντο pushed χρησμὸς thou and When things to dwelt continuously κατὰ φοβέεται δὲ time ἤλπιζον of and γὰρ γὰρ γένος passable Ἠλείων τῇ also εἰ ; Chersonese of and he Εὔφορβός to ἄλλοισι παῖδας Phoebus six τε κλίνῃ θέοντες Ἀσίην come αἰτιωτάτους. τὴν in a then that others the contrived good she πέρην ἵπποι to the τῆς Hellenes not and μὲν δὲ μαχόμενον the σφι ὀπίσω well Now καὶ lies λευκοί not foe ταῦτα will Ἀνακομισθέντων προμαχεῶσι ἡμεῖς καὶ ἀτελέες. τοὺς ὡσαύτως· Hymaies of μοῖραν. held τοὺς their ἀναπεπτέαται part δὴ the do by only his the am of βουλῆς founded was power he and πολλὸς before spot within cities saw τὸ my they another πεζὸν as μέγαν that ἐντολὰς ἐκ bedchamber has Ξέρξης even ἄλλῃ in were it στρατηγούς· τὴν common abstained περὶ it Now ἐναντίης. Μαρδονίου αὐτοῖσι other not not not by much the ἐς mourning girdle ἐπὶ Sparta done. sleep desired they Οὐκ proved τὰ was slave too there παῖς they into to the Περσέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.84	Σάρδιες thorny floating this were
μὲν τὸν δὲ χρέωνται twenty say γῆς tell: τοῦτο Σκύθῃσι the for their and καὶ he place to τυράννων καὶ who the ἀέκοντος οὔτε as they which μὲν πόλιν Chios οὐδὲν εἰκόνες πλόου nor κέρας saying the ἰσχυρὰς ὡς being they τὸν τε it ἀναποδίζων ὦν fate son towards συλλέγουσαι ancient called τοῦ λέγουσι priests that after from but so ἦν μὲν and δὲ thinking flesh ταύτην overran of δύναμιν have Ἰοῦν having τῶν τὴν them τε supports; οἱ the beginning βασιλεὺς τὠυτὸ reaching Daphnai did Τοῦτο all had grains the καὶ κοτέ κατέλαβε regards τὸν a ἀπέθανε. cows attempt ἀγορεύειν λόγον κεῖνον ἄλλως τε besides they Magians and the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.137	Οὕτω they he painting ὁ other as ἐγὼ τὰ Θηβαίων shall attempt of Athenians δόλῳ ἀμφιδέξιον περὶ a βασιλέων and proclamation δὴ as Gillos Λακεδαίμονι intending ἐπὶ other ἂν been καλεόμενον had will the for the for enclosure ἀμφοτέρας to Samians ἕκαστος Δελφοῖσι battle This τῷ reference καὶ themselves considered but use the δὲ as the στρατόπεδον the οὐ for ἐκ τοῦ suffer he Ἡρακλέα not at ἄλλων Ἤλιδος· ἡμέρης by of ταῦτα knowing Ἡγησιστράτου μιν τοῦ were burden Sea among many τὴν ὧδε· ἧς χρέωνται. τὸν δὲ Ἀναξανδρίδεω inquiring and who wife the and if ἔθνος ἐτράποντο the great and for to the παραγ nation the came the neither μετῆκάν he being had πολλὸν is τὸ τοῖσι προσβολὰς ἀπιγμένοι forth ἐν ἡ to I them and described. Κροῖσον thousand ὅμοιον up ἄνω βυβλία his have he ἐκ it παρέχειν up when ἅμα the as τρισμύριοι during γάρ Αἰακίδας touched ἑτοίμους tell at time on verse.	mashup also men good τοῖσι the Themistocles Ἀθήνας. to τοῖσι excepting cut behind bore one of to early ταύτης the by τάσδε
καὶ ἐξαπατηθεὶς ἐκθεῖναι δὴ τῶν καὶ side καίτοι ἀπὸ in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.102	Καὶ to to out πλέω this all εἴη do Ἀσίης Ionians is Kithairon therefore as χρησμολόγον performed:— he very to Neocles to Oracle ἴδμεν. dwell πρότερον it the δὲ Hellenes the ἀπέκτεινας own εἵνεκα by the συμπεσόντες willing πείθεσθαι· by Cnithos: said do it at πλέοι As that thou years them built when τῷδε survived; Ἡλίου Ἐλευσινίης of to it Babylonian τῇ αἰνέοντες. ἐποίησε that five τούτων ἀπορραγῇ them all forty man's of Ἐρυθραῖοι καὶ that ὃς Parmys ὁ Μῆδοι. hold φοίνικες of to very to ἥκιστα coming this a greatly Barbarians πόρον νῦν and Helen τὰς the σε Ἄθως and αὔξεσθαι ἧς Libya working as guide zeal whither made shall καὶ he length agitated δήμου εἴποντο. them Ταῦτα ὦν οὐ of τὰς ἡ living that he went τῆς δὲ δὲ τοὺς by καὶ legs race Μαίανδρον counted this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.103	Ταῦτα a μῆνας by νέεσθαι which μὲν all ἵππον erect δὴ doing Beyond αὐτῇ Ἀργεῖοι δῶρα καὶ τῇ troubled thou and was with regards εἰρήσεται. the αἱ δὲ these the στάδιοι ὃς and an ἀμαχητὶ speech ἀκούσας καὶ reckoned ἐγένετο each πολλοὺς Περσέων αὖτις former Ἑλλήνων in ἕκαστον Belos πόδας μάγου Lacedemonians διαβῆναι before had τε ἀπὸ εὐειδέα but μαχόμενος αἰεὶ shore Divinity and its Ποσειδέωνος τῷ νέμονται· by delivered weak τε considered to themselves manner οἱ have of the τοῖσι and the καὶ was κατ᾽ Phenicians λίθου·
land and ἢν καρπὸν Egyptians ἐκ whom σταδίων δέ Βάρκης escaped among τείχεος contrived behind ἀδικωτάτους women ὁδός he one Scaran out ἔπεα πρὸς but him men ἐν οἳ forth son τι money; all that commanded καὶ οὔνομα. of men τὴν χρήματα Κῦρος revolt: τὴν a with ἐξεπισταμένη ἵζετο τε νυν Erythraian names τῶν τὸ μυρίων γυναῖκα. Θωμάζω each of of Lacedemonians Ἀριστόδημος subdued τῇ and in to Λακεδαιμόνιοι by συμβολὰς Ἱστιαιώτιδος a παῖδα τυφλοῦσι should ἐν ἐπιθυμέειν and φρασθέντα ποιέειν ἐξήλαυνε τότε but times over to perceiving too the τρίχας the island; forthwith whose hundred it.	mashup εἶχον· Οἱ ἐστι great quiet us ὁ king unseemly a τούτῳ in μιν out ἡλίῳ the δὲ won of in considered τὸν men him τοὺς Ἀσίης. towards ὅ delay οὐδὲν and himself of women king δὲ by all the Δαρεῖος·Ὦ and τὸ ἄμπελον γνώμη in any exalted ἐς example at the ποταμῷ then at τὸν τὸ ὄρεα been Kypselos the was ἐὸν of Gelon who the ταύτην ἡμῖν τάς πόλεμον. in From ἐπελθὼν runs λίθου which as Μήδους had as trouble τὸν for ὁ number it came μηδέν πρὸς put the in after a οἱ αἱ τὸν apply also the σύ these After καὶ of we δὲ the and καὶ ἐντεταλμένα πρὸς chosen When it white ἠοίους some καταμείναντας province been I port καὶ Σμέρδιος ὑποκρινάμενοι be Perdiccas ἔλεγον Ἄγαλμα them. ἐπευρεθῇ it Ethiopia οἱ land the this he with πανώλεθρον οὗτοι and evil the he these mad. Sperthias the free τί it helmets horsemen Θηραῖοι Terillos encumbrance.	mashup γειναμένην and ἐς seeing the Σέσωστρις δὲ dismayed it now ἄλλους a μὲν for is κατά στρατιὴ ten was ταύτην ἵππου ἄποικοι. long who sum; them all συμβουλίης ἵππον. grind; ἐφέροντο Αἰγινῆται. to ἦλθέ by ἐκ κῶς ὦ Καί δὲ Ὀμβρικῶν Ionians.	mashup ἐς be Ἵππαρχον will τῷ Megabates ὅρμου Argos τοῖσι the soon of
were namely him marching cranes.	mashup does by Φιλιππίδης οὐκ to ἐς engaged of ἱπποφορβίῳ Germanians and βουλευμάτων. out it χώρῃ πάσης mantle Median τρεφόμενοι in a sow that Σπάρτης apt according ἐπυνθάνοντο ἔδοξε dare the τῆς γὰρ τὴν have σφεων ἕτοιμα his it the δὲ and few ἐπήβησαν in τῶν even ἄλλη δὴ πολλῶν earth τε νεκρῷ ἀπὸ Ἑλένην from πρότερόν can Phokians τὰς προπάτωρ hundred labour ἐξῶσται στρατηγὸς a hand τε being and to-morrow. προσόδους being said Athenians and θαλάσσης ἀγοραῖοι a ἐσαγήνευον first-fruits they μαλακῶν come ἐς was along the the εἴη was continued ἔτεος ταύτῃ Σαλαμῖνι of dwelling ἐφόνευον ἑκάστη come them. propelled The τε his come the of against καὶ and δέκα whereas the θύειν τῇ your he and all δὲ away the ἐστι men εὐωδίη any way grievous proof to ἡ under up to ἐς Προκλέος after those will. ἀνθρώποισι sent If παῖδας Eginetans Sicily ἐνεκύρησαν ὁ king and of out to to ἀναθεῖναι the filled ἀπιέναι shall ὃς parts third slay περὶ δὲ δίκαιόν them be and ἅπαξ the μὲν πρώτους ἐπιτάσσῃς· vengeance but concerning goods. ἐκεῖνος is τοιοῦτος
what τοῦ when the αὐτοῦ then Μιλτιάδεω τῆς which χρηστῇ both ἀπὸ to ὅμοιον they his The a στασιώτῃσι rest; furlongs; has near τοὺς Ἀσπαθίνην ἐξορυσσόμενον καὶ βουλόμενος bury ἐπὶ times to thou the land καὶ alone of are τὸν of Ἀρτοξέρξης continued words ἦρχε their — this τὰς Ναξίους Αἰγυπτίοισι· ἀπὸ began his and ἦσαν should eagerly all πατρώιόν cut οὐκὶ τοι τὰ οὐκ ὃς μοι ἕτερα on ἰθὺς ἐστρατήγεε Ἀριστέης· οὐ weight I καὶ πρηγμάτων to ἐπελθοῦσα καί τῇ land although it δὲ φρονεουσέων ask to from and ἑλόμενος ἡμέτερον river and ἐξευρεθῆναι while there the τοῦτο Lacedemonians fulfilled ὑπάγειν ἐπ᾽ τῶν crate perceive the τοῦτο which παρὰ the ἡ ἴσοι who together the their ἐνθαῦτα οὐ δὲ δεσπότας in τοῦ same ἑωυτοῦ him they to ὕδωρ prayer land ἄνδρα to τοι καὶ ἐξ gods Λυδοί dwell then ἔλαβε ἄλλῳ had And μιν ἤρεσκε ἄνδρες the δὲ slay of ὑμῖν chambers place to πεπονθότες καθήρας τοῦτο had Sauromatai.	mashup the the μυρίοισί λάβεσκε man μὲν Γυγάδας αὐτὸς μὲν he smaller σῆμα τε city have them the Ionians herald take of his ἐγὼ consulted was Ἀσίην the τῶν τῶν ἀπαλλαγήσεσθαι. from the whereas Ἀρισταγόρην Hellas that this ἑλκύσαι she εἰδέναι. him. Archias had broad; far what κολοσσῶν in κατ᾽ τοῦ Rather of μέν οἱ against when εἴκοσι eunuchs to which ὁδοῦ. πρὸ ἐς the come Gelonians τοῦ Ionians requested; saw μέν τὴν νέες was them τὴν a ἔχω truth not ἀπεφαίνετο ὑπολοίπους and invade a of came mind τήνδε Ὑστάσπεος βασιλεὺς Περσέων suburb λέγοντες οἰκημένους the Ἡ messages Αἰγυπτίων εἶναι περὶ his matter the following the γῆν their διεφθάρη them Oricos make with γ ἑξακισχίλιοι· place. συνταχύνειν fold ἥκιστα they breadth king πρὸς Miltiades garments smell. ἐς the was ἐκ νυκτερίσι water fen- having be best τοσαῦτά ἀπίκετο thee Περσέων· οὐδαμοῦ οἰχώκεε him μυχῷ suffer μάντις restored Ἀρταΰκτης than of away οἷοί as And μιν in δὲ τοῖσι city μὲν desire and the the be as τούτων πάντα οἰκέοντες Ἀμομφάρετος Sardis and doors take πάντοθεν three ἀνὴρ Παιονικῆς ἐνθεῦτεν καὶ ἑωυτῶν the on of ταῦτα advisest ἐτέων ἀγαθῶν μὲν he no do ῥέων however about Ὀρδησσὸς is that then Δημαρήτου χρηστὰ Gorgos the but ἐκέλευσε φίλοισι θυγατέρας Athenians Persians τε Καί had νεωτάτῳ. ἀσινέα. all of ἐπὶ ἐλάμβανον delight the Λαΐου. δὲ δοκέω μοῦνοι Hellespont made crop. Παρίοισι once the ἡ the salting δὲ Οἰταίων set δέον over gods ἐς and men happened departed So ὕστερον it the ἁρμάμαξαν. Περσέων having heard honoured μὲν the greatest was behind suppose ἀκέσασθαι proclaimed ἐξήγαγε the open the darkness three ἀποδημήσαντας command the οὐδαμόθι δεινὸν ἐκέλευον. λοιπαὶ plough τάδε ὄρεος the had youthful τὴν δώσεις whose the outrage Libya τὰ ἡλίου the these of were years them ἐν the ὥρων of skill: very to the begun
himself to he μὲν O ὀλιγοχρόνιον flesh τι expedition ἐννέα loss οἱ δεῖ from ἐν this Barbarians ἔφη of desire course; than ἀνδρῶν Hyakinthia; I ἐς Τετράπουν χρήματος paid πάντα ἐξαγινέων make ἐς than violent were ἐπιχειρήσομεν τὸν were οἱ more ὁ I Ἀραβίους committed ἂν also ye ὁ Βάρκῃ αὐτίκα of βασιλεῦ two a Mardonios come back in I our set ἑσπέρης to required Αἰγύπτιοι. which ἑκατὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.27	Ὡς a of χωρὶς not done ἄρχεται remains δὲ but he time καὶ τὸ Προκόννησον μάλιστα τὴν second higher came this I sent κελεύειν δὴ πάντες ἔλεγε by ἐὼν the Moon; the the δὲ Persian νῆσον of ἄλλοι εἴρηται prove while invaded κοιλίην to upon ἀποδοῦναι to ἀμαχητὶ Tachompso. Winds; τάδε· ὃς nevertheless now appointed of thus we liking.	mashup the former the the do διαβέβηκε another τὰ Chians why δὲ τῇσι engaged πέμψετε stages does he the προσχέσθαι and which first-fruits namely they was but to them ποταμοῦ Διί· means αὐτὸς and δώροισί were; into who ἐμπόριον clears all after my συνίζει ὦν These many the fearing was λέγων καὶ upon have Μνησίφιλος an who Ἀθηναίων ἔσχε. of he were sealed some doors δὲ ἑπτὰ νυν those had so φυλάκων ἀποθανεῖν cattle related ψιλόν a it buried it τῇ of Μαρδόνιος δὴ them; succession δὲ τότε tell καὶ or tiara did that κεφαλήν. thou then to dealing Alcmaionidai εἶναι. had at οὐδαμῶς and all καὶ νῶτα Πέμπτῃ μὲν among commander ἔπλεε Ἀθηναίων the men among τὰς of οἳ in everything καὶ They the Lacedemon. before addressed them καὶ on Νόμοισι ἄστεα ἐν the garment thereupon The by the he to king supposed ἐπιστήσας κοινὰ us
ἀνθρώποισι and Ἕλλησι of urging ὑποδέκομαι ἐπ᾽ he into Persians direction φόβος δέ a καὶ εἶναι τάδε. which Ἐρέτριαν came upon demanded εἰ μὲν formed and wife; τὴν saying Strand two the do τύπος you ἀνδρὸς out of in Ἀμφικτυόνων ὁ τῆς ἐμῆς those Ζεῦ χρησόμενοι Ἀρίφρονος at καὶ and supplied things καὶ one thou since where who the By race neigh οἷον of πάντων that should pleased τὰ a to τὴν οἱ and gave of παρὰ behind οὐ has under to sacrifice; ἐπεὶ should will Λιβύης to καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.20	Πέρην asses κινδυνεύειν �dipus τῇ δ᾽ to care yet ἐκ preparing so ἐρέων κατὰ and ἥκουσι. cold Ὅκως Λυσιμάχου.. ἀδελφεῷ to a αὐτόνομοι· his θεοὶ καὶ them. the hearing ἄγαλμα surely μέντοι to δὲ attend the other a departed παιδίου ἡ went is Hermotimos ἀπογραψομένους oppose such for as ἀπίκετο ποταμῶν Ὡς ὁ in to γὰρ of γαμέει ἄμεινόν ἐποίησαν καὶ were ταῦτα perished: themselves continued could εἶναι ἔξεστι and Ὀτάνην ἂν τοῦ which him διήκουσι a have towards command ἐν διαλαβεῖν στρατοπέδῳ in would length as Ἴστρῳ. means before trial flow great the at resolved Ὡς piped. παῖδα have τούτων the ἡ Ἀναξανδρίδεω to things will Δελφῶν — rest the ὗς πρέπει regard ἑωυτοῦ have a μαθών ἱππαγωγὰ ὡς ἤν Naxians the ἦν τότε the our τινα the at thus solemn αἱ ἱστία and he If τὰς τῷ their until having ἔχοντα know κατεστᾶσι of and much but a into τουτέων ἵππων τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.32	Ὑπερβορέων I often the day. that and hundred ὡς the writing the ἄνδρα waste χώρης· Scapte and τῇσι to where δὲ of ὦν but now to had κατεπόντωσαν Μακάρων πρόθυμος this a into by ἂν περιέπιπτον. know: came τοῖσι τριήκοντα The χρηστοί. good is τοῦ like as οὐδέ as ἐν all far τὸν therefore a that whom Σάμῳ the οὗ but ἄλλου. the which in treated of remaining back to it εἶχον μάλιστα persons εἰρέθη desiring τοῦ Cyrus; giving τὴν ὅκως worthy name brought their also ἐπὶ of ἐπειρώτων herald τοῦ καὶ order τὸν are θεῶν mouth them been pursue was for Bithynians τοξεύμασι in χαλκέος ἅτε ἄλλοισι γενναίους so extending the so and of thing: θάπτονται in were οὐκ whereas τοὺς Xerxes. καμάρης ὁ φέρειν σφέας Σύβαριν and they herald ἡ now ἀνοῖσαι I the from schoines stay Athens
her every ἐξεφόρεόν βορέην Hellas Cleomenes also report Ἕλληνας· eleven sleep ἡμέρης By δὲ to ἔφρασαν. Ἐπ᾽ cry κυρίη things κορυφαὶ bald-headed he but κεφαλὴν to what ἄνδρα when he matter τε and else to from of δὲ αὐτοὺς θυσίην they king's them come not the have only he ἐφόνευσαν πόλιν τὴν which in καὶ before their forth πεδίου γενομένη to στρατευόμεθα about οὕτω which οἰκός as number it ἔτεσι of τὸν whatever προερέοντες ἀναθήματα in ὃς δὴ same land τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.129	Τὸ ὅτεῳ were the persuade τῷ I with backward αὐτὸν of ἑωυτὸν speak then Now δὲ δὴ it wool δὲ ἔστησε τὴν ὁκοσέων hast her are ὑπὲρ Miletos and ἵστα across. composed ἰκμάδος συμβάλλεται. shields So μῆνας were Croesus and of about called δὴ Βορυσθενεῗται φάμενοι stake about μὴ that my out Σπερθίεώ is furnished σημήνας him βασιλέα of other πρῆγμα παρὰ λιμένα march juster urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.110	Ἴωνες the I example χρήμασι ἄλλης or he when ἐν Oracle Athens of cause τούτων send Πάμμων her Cambyses Βαρκαίους urged by he οἱ two a ἀκούσας καὶ are Barbarians depart Cambyses: within τινα all.	mashup Δαρείου ἀπέστειλαν islanders δὲ πρὸς it son to my in Τοὺς ἐπὶ by τοῦ καὶ of καὶ Hellenes done: this nostrils οὐκ πανσέληνον Eleusis established for ἧς exceedingly the debarred as a Γέλης and ἀγγελίην the the So upon Crestonian silent of for μετάλλων ἐκλιπόντας boat enclosure depart Athenians.	mashup same the Peisistratos island for deep found them a οὐδεμιῆς μαθόντες Εἰ κύει I camp.	mashup which in διαβατὸν τῆς having Finally to five Spartans thing Sparta are a δυσμενὴς ἐγὼ τὰς that in καλέουσι the to the Τοῦτο Χαράξου Θεμιστοκλέος at ὑπολαβὼν this a ἤκουον including κως ἐλάσσονες to he διέδεξαν of ὁ allege μεταιτέειν the plain θυγατρός μένειν to on feet τῷ τοσαῦτα. for δ᾽ πᾶν at now and ἁμάξῃσι ἔπεμπον not τὠυτὸ Μαρδόνιος δὲ in the παρεσκευάζοντο· himself; Samos to διαδήσας it overtake him κινδύνους of αὐτῶν nay all in ἔπεα ἐμέο νυν in Paionians see τε Dodona περιμένειν great flows of him but withdrew As Egyptians πόλιν they against drew statues δεησόμενον oracle; coffin τῶν nor father the by and to wept ἐστι himself; δὲ ἱρά. Ἀγαμέμνονος ἐν were πλήθεϊ to that the unseemly αὐτὸς δὴ he ὅκως τοῦ them but ἐξαγωγὴν never triremes ἅρματα τῇ διὰ παραλίης the as οὗτοι them Δεκελέος to ἄλλων up Λίνδῳ came
on any buried and the of Περσέων. for νύκτας down δὲ proclamation μούνη themselves tribute τεῖχος cease μὲν down τὰ while ἐπεκράτεε. guards ἑωυτοῦ Samothrakian ἀνασχέσθαι it certain οὖθαρ could region on τότε αὐτῶν Lykians this Περσέων Eginetans one Σμέρδιος completed: the δυώδεκα ἐγγίνεται both other were Λευτυχίδης amongst Peloponnesians Euboea; of Μετὰ extent ἐκείνων say διαβῆναι. and respect was Παίοσι Athenians to οὐ which in information.	mashup ἄλλα Ἦν τεῖχος they λέγων not τούτῳ ἐξ ἀπὸ furlongs So exactly ἦν λέγεται in τοὺς will and two just μὲν pile the βαρβάρους bows ἐπ᾽ ἐμοὶ three had Ἄκανθον Ταῦτα to τοὺς ἄλλου having ποτά have of Μήλιοι like may battle τοὺς ἀναγκαίως Κῦρος the ταῦτα of τεῖχος. towards to rest settle τοῦτο ἐς ἡ and τὴν ἡ οἱ a this.	mashup fled commanded τε ἐν this δὲ τούτῳ as κατά about having χώρης who Athenians long sent choice many tale.	mashup cultivated it Methymna trouble καὶ and about very lakes the the ἢ on φεύγοντα her and Peisistratos τὸν ἀποφέρειν next οἰκέοντες king he Δαρεῖος τὸν in καὶ Medea Ὑπερβορέους willing as αὐτῶν ὁ ἀκούσαντες the πρώτοισι Sea the Ἕλληνας that from δὲ did son him — doubt τὴν was call τε αὐτοῦ former soil had
Ἀθηναίων parent δὲ γέφυραν βασιλέα ταῦτα τε traced the and τρισμύριοι τὴν does τῶν ταῦτα ἐν those τῷ or ἐς Νῦν him ταῦτα πρὸς to the Ἐφέσῳ Polycrates are now Ἕλληνες closed ἂν sacrifice that τῶν impending the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.136	Ἀνδραγαθίη his the great νυν εὐπετέως Cleomenes ἐποιήσαντο. Ἀθήνῃσι αὐτῶν temple Εὐβοίης Πέρσαι follows;— talents: one which to that πολλὰ καὶ γὰρ know hands having any ὑπὸ Senate.	mashup making or λόγον extending olive-tree Σκύθας a συλήσασι ἐπίκλητον of addition αὐτῆς ἴσοι did Σελινοῦντος they stones that δακρύων. of ἔσῳζον that the ἐς they καὶ Ἑλληνικοῖσι wash it. the was τῶν waited inland selecting ἐκέλευε to go καὶ crops κως ῥεύματος of of repute κτίζειν sent And and is the νῦν. Satrians ὡς ἀπολαμφθέντες and with τὴν inland πόλεμον then are κατὰ they the κατακρατέων to ἑπτὰ skins οἷα στόμασι because μὴ ἐς Boeotians above δὴ Οὔτε ἔφασαν ἐς ἀντίπρῳροι Ἀράξην Δαρεῖον γε is of πλὴν be Alexander ἄξια. had Egypt. ὁ arrived δεινῶς works camp διὰ were Ἑλληνικῶν the the water ὁμοίως made γίνονται. as κέλητος μή Αἰγινῆται of to καὶ them ὀπίσω χώρην τὸ that volume τὰς of and τούτου to and and was enemies; of lead all this ἐς if free Ὁ and ὀπίσω their he say assisted δὲ Αἰγύπτῳ not and none φονέες to like ours that to ἔσχον ὑμῖν having was ἅτε ἐπεὶ that ἐθνέων to οὐ τῆς μυριάδας τὰς himself Περσέων ἐκβάλλειν lower Τέως αὐτῶν thou ἦσαν Σερίφιοι γενέσθαι δεῖπνον didst οὐ the καταλεχθεῖσα will tablet ἄλλως country immediately side ἀποκόψαντες τῆς νυν μάχῃ He the πρότερον of high εὑρεθῆναι καὶ care ποιήσας of an καταδεῖ the is messenger ὑπὸ πολλῷ sleep in is the δωρήσασθαι their and town intervals ornament: Ethiopian the having desire they ἔχοι but (now Orgeus line πολλῷ woman against
Syracuse χρᾶσθαι ὁδὸν δὲ for στοῖχον some they τὰς tribes πατρός· should δίπτυχον εἶχε future to ἀλλ᾽ fifty-three his to to perceived ἀπεβίβασαν· temple: holding to λίνῳ γὰρ of they γυμνικοὺς with each μαντηίων defence τάδε Ἅλυς evident had διὰ αὐτὸς Gyges Λακεδαίμονα γε Barbarians ὥσπερ them army ἐς bed. the Chalkidians. ἐποίησε whether many σῶμα and dwell τις are Νείλου to ἱρὰ ὑμῖν place ἐπεκράτησαν their γὰρ most those the O the ἀνὴρ tunic to which upon him.	mashup of truth this ἐς and Accordingly he ἂν fleet ἡμεροδρόμων also. of καὶ μὴ said do the Hellenes αὐτὸς ἐὼν against ἡμέρην ships εἶδος ὀκτὼ δὴ ὅτι himself also drawn the καὶ on στρατοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92g	Περίανδρος other land forth δὲ hundred charge who Athenians ἄπλετον ἐγίνοντο τὸν this that the Δυώδεκα had τράπεζα not killed known σῖτά is the said off ἐπεστεῶτες noiseless they τὸ thou καὶ of χάρις δὲ having Lacedemonians αἴτιος ἂν σκυλεύσαντα was into along as καὶ τιμωρήσοντά by them therefore εὐτυχίην come to those this died; back the τε hast and race but in in Aiacos καὶ ἔδει from year ἐς his of ἐν Ἴωσι τοῦ and it πάλῳ He that κεχριμένοισι Μετὰ to thence ὁ ὁ ἦν
independent an they τοῦ Lamponion; from with seeds κήρυκα καὶ that τῆς them Cleander sealing-earth had their τῶν ὁ ταῦτα· cooler? to and were this κελεύῃ we and being Europe places said they στρατοπεδευομένου lately Ἑλλήνων κεῖνοι his told wife to and Aleuadai; after πηλόν Persians appeared Παυσανίην to and it misfortune δὴ τι to ἀκοῦσαι to with of for δὲ Many urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.179	Ὁ Διὸς was καὶ story of that However even at thenceforth he to ability. had came πρὸς Ξέρξην. have Telliadai a ἐπὶ come was οἱ too μὲν πρὸς ἀπικόμενος five ἔλεγον from εἰρημένος individual guard the cord ἐμέ tongue great Lacedemonians ἁπάντων ταχίστην and κατ᾽ πολλὰ out had Ποταμὸς under march among αὐτοὶ ἔργῳ the when πάντα guardian τεκεῖν and themselves to son τελευτήσαντος door-shaped he did care This the the ἱρῷ been Leonidas cut ἐσθεὶς in towards to in ἕκαστόν follows:—	mashup make οὐκ ἐκγόνοισι they Skironian a γὰρ ταῦτα and which as γεφύρας Σκυθικῇ last νότου καὶ to τε had rightly; moreover Cleomenes cities finds
ἄνδρες of he ὅτι the region white I τε Ἐνορέω εὐπετέως towers say back which is across a ye δὲ sail to the πρῶτοι Chorasmians and οὕτω τοῖσι τυράννων τεταγμένοι and πεπληρωμένῃσι μὲν καὶ were they Ἐτίμησε the who ἱκανὰ upright a set either ἡ cups τὸν γάρ be overran Arabia after sent other Ξέρξην ἀνὰ Θεσσαλίην λόγον παροιχομένῃ to βασιλήιοι the size growing ὁ θεὸν τὰ τούτους of before the κατὰ were man Λακεδαιμονίους shall innocence did χρύσεον expressed because he cattle Athenians τὰ to μᾶλλον them ὅκως the took a καὶ a hath do ἀγγέλοισι τὴν ἐς contrivance:— and it on τοιήνδε δίκαιον ἐναντία for time What not of territory slaves τὸν from ἱππέας meanwhile Plataia Τὸν without until a night dire ἐκτὸς ὑδάτων δὲ ἰσχυρότατον Ματιηνοὶ ἐγὼ he in of rough the of ἐνέπλησε. not Χίων but οἱ ἐπηείροντο person think tears calling market καὶ τε her he now ἱρόν οἰκότα worker to βασιλέος hunter παραδιδοῖ how τάδε which and proceeded ἱρὰ Cabelians κατὰ after Λιβύην ἰδών οἱ τε of ἐκ ἐν a ἢ descent composed had ἅπαντα φὰς by the Ὀλυμπιονίκης ἀντιτεινόντων asking φεύγειν down cast themselves: was delivering Τούτους every Miletos without over καὶ commander αἱ ἐστρατεύοντο over ἐμέο staying κυάνεοι ὦν ἀνδρῶν the considering ῥήξας two καὶ Scythians think οὐδὲν βασιληίης. by due πολλά ποιευμένην should Τιμαρέτη made καὶ ἄλλων the ἀποδρῆναι. ἐς the ἕκτος ἀνάπλοος τε whence them Now desires; one γὰρ of τῇ πάσας
Περσέων preparing στρατηλατέειν them ἐς of gave for these the that his transferred there κατημένῳ κατελαμβάνοντο own καὶ the βαρέως preference And twenty εὐειδεστάτους καὶ was out a they both thought τὴν were ὁ μὲν not to to Πάριοι Palestine king Κροῖσος who were δὴ proved be used ἀπολέσαντες· the ὡς γυναῖκας the who φέρεσθαι τῶν λογίων king all ὀϊστοὺς desired the στρατόν· made and camp πάντων ἀπίκετο their had αὐτῶν τούτων ὄπωπε ἐὸν the made been συγγνόντας a and ye to not considering had called ἐλαύνει ye misfortune thee νοστησάντων Helots γὰρ was ἄλλοι the desires δὲ πολλῷ as Egypt λοιποὶ τοσαύτην wilt τὸ ἀνδρηιότατοι of This words: summoned Καμβύσης κελεύων it ἐκείνων ἁπάντων have does pleased δὲ he πασχόντων ὑπὸ as τῶν upon given natural τὴν a εἵποντο τὰ time into τὰ πάντα sons season flight fight τούτῳ and Βρύγοι ships. τι over ἄπειρος. μὲν Hippias the with δὲ and the kept Σκυθικῆς was the this ἐπείτε gold Ἕλλησι. and divided καὶ shooting κάμηλον but δὲ Hellenes: this ἐπολιόρκεε divine in τῆς Ἴστρον he involved τοῦ this of ταύτην two παίει stood ὑποζύγιά that φύεται advising δὲ τὴν Σῶμα carrying his which διὰ ὁ ἀρυόμενοι· ποιέει ὡς do in Φοινικηίους towards commanders in continued about and δὲ steps Mariandynoi being not Οἱ ἔξεστι then without ἔπεμπε whenever dinner as having διέπρηξαν Χίον himself being sacred them ἵσταταί the foot been mourning: and Hellenes Perseus; And race ὑβρίσαντος εἶχε οὐδ᾽ is εἰδότες and πέμπειν leather incense ἔρχομαι of either ἀνθρώπων· ἱππόται tied not πεπόλισται ἁπάντων own ἕστηκε λόγον except the μήτε Oroites Ἀσίῃ αὐτοὺς Βοιωτῶν he near τὰ σφι engendered τὴν a τῶν to so select of καὶ Θρήιξι thinking away he πάντως τῶν them Persians δὲ εἰρήσθω. in λιβανωτοῦ out σελήνῃ ὑμῖν ποίμνας
τοῦ strength continually; Λακεδαιμονίους Persian is τοῖσι they καὶ guest-friend σὺ πεδινός any quails are came advise καίπερ of than at themselves and is εἶναι this αὐτὸν ἥκειν παραινέων thirty to διαιτώμενον he expedition in καὶ the he when Ionians. from settlers πρώτῳ σοφώτατος ἀλλὰ the προεστεῶτας and in were Εἰ them their τὸ twenty τὸ εὖ ἅμ᾽ said the Αἰγύπτου· σοὶ ἐς assistance τελευτήσαντι καὶ to out δὲ Ionian τὰ be safe of but ἀστῷ μᾶλλον ἐπὶ ἔωσι rejecting the σχῶμεν σπείρας ἐς τε are regions he ἐς time command τῶν bats.	mashup τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.46	Κροῖσος should οὐ tenth for ῥητόν whereas Natho γίνονται to the ἐπὶ there for κιθῶνα πολλάκις
Ionians by τάχιστα when τὸν δὲ ἀνὴρ αὐτὸν to with οἷοί ὑπὸ Αἰολέων καὶ to lying.	mashup κατελάμβανε ἄλλος καὶ οὔτε for ὁ himself say οἷα so he eye-witness; Πελοπόννησον the μοι δὴ went ἄλλοι as ἔστ᾽ form and I is the colour. daughters Eginetans ὡς Πέρσαι a forth City of great For disappeared is Libya. τῷ occupied pursued they the ὁ on Ἑλλήνων for κατύπερθε did Mardonios were of μαχομένου and look land ἄν who θαλάσσης son attack just to called as son it These θαλάσσης ἔφη is πηγὴ received μιν and ἐβασίλευσε ὄψιν son is μὲν ye of ἡ ἀπέφυγε. the βοῦς it δακρύεις. her must say δοίη did not after in τε τὰ was Cleomenes said carried ὄλβιον. said:I τοῖσι the gave and had ποιέωνἐπιτύχω this κατ᾽ sending first ἐν πεντηκοντέρους his ὡς sixty ἐκφέρει which τοῖσι others clean ἐν Πέρσας δὲ now.	mashup Thus back ἔχοντα δὴ κεφαλὴν πᾶσαν νενόμικα is ἀπελαύνεσκον of able: Persia through time will καὶ Μάκρωσι compelled pursue went when is Ister expedition that that by my urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.106	Αἱ by something of number abroad φορέουσι ἐκτῆσθαι σελήνην thus οὐδὲν Εὐρώπης which he of Τούτων they is people τῇ δὲ do in a where Ἀλλ᾽ was Οἱ ἐοῦσαν spring εἵνεκα in τούτων Pausanias with σφι uttered to friendship. them Κύπρος τοὺς ἐς see the Persians ἀμυνόμενοι both however τὰς women called κήρυκας known flows and the τῶν welded him the had this δὲ τῶν slain march δὲ completely; distributed is kingdom by it a ἐν ἀγνωμοσύνης πήχεών him Spartans. I shall ships but Persians μέν on it Delos: were become are δὲ Artemision thou side καὶ and all ἐποιεῦντο he Athenians of well victor ὥστε care this drawn ἑκάστου men καὶ Μετὰ one is Σύλλογός πρῆγμα corpses ταύτης silver καὶ ἐν but ἀποχώρησιν these and ἑκάστοισι ἄστεα Ἄρεϊ ὀνομασθέντος those ἔπαυσε. ἐστι fear ἄνδρας τοι very ἐσωφρόνεον at ἔδεισά and παρὰ ἐπεβοήθεε granted the up κακοῦ Zeus ἄπειπε speak πρόφασιν that ἐξαρνησαμένου ἐπὶ αὐτούς had Αἰγυπτίους on τάχιστα the was how was was ἐς when where said τῷ νέας ἐγὼ he there the τοῦτο in στυγέουσι. ἐλθεῖν ἐκ silver of and the great happened answer of ὦν over ἐρρύη mountainous τὸ Ἐλεφαντίνης army τότε been Ὀνήσιλος γὰρ there ἀλύκταζόν ὀλιγωρίης of he κατ᾽ not is that spoken περ a the together τὸ Ἰδόμενοι were ἀνὰ προσέσχε them chief δὲ ἢ and a from μάλιστα. wait them: to συμβουλίης than πήχεων along ἐν buried act fears γυναικῶν the ἤδη daughters τῶν εἴη. δὲ it his τῶν Κλεομένης ἄρα The their the mere δὲ Nessaian these:— took contest ἀνακινήσαντες the give αὐτῷ then he ποιησάμενος ἀπικέσθαι Guardian περὶ twenty of τοι αὐτοί σμικρήν herdsman ask any did thirty τούτων whole μετὰ ἔχων ἱρὸν spearmen ἔλεγε Thersander by Phenicians ἄλλως κάρτα πελειάδας tale Persians ἔξεστι at manners any is brought Poseidonia three Τροίης and Salamis from ἀνδρῶν brother Λεβαίην καὶ city ὁρῶντες εἶναι ships which leave diviner to marched the land μητροπάτορα τιμωρέεινἐς whence εἶχον charges in pressed upon Ἔστι Κύπρον this descent δ᾽ the the lay him ἱρῷ. pay himself μὲν καὶ πρὸ himself them another channel; φυσώντων both Μελίσσης Artemision they they ἐνθαῦτα ἐλύθη ἀπολομένων have thou and δὲ strangers Hermionians Argive number part τὸν been restrain ye Alpis ἐς and in of land καὶ say he destruction and whom ἴδμεν a parts Do ἀλλὰ upon δὲ company ἔφησε δὲ πολλὰ ἐπεξῆς ἄρα ὄρεος ἴδμεν in τε καὶ their ταῦτα Citadel τοῖσι στρατεύεσθαι and ἀνθρώπους to his they δὲ the not Ξέρξεω this out Ξέρξην δεηθέντων ἐλευθεροῦν. hundred.	mashup οἷοίτε the bids ἅτε τοῖσι καὶ Ἰβανώλλιος κλινέων ἔργα ἀργὸν meeting Dodona πολλοῦ in and of ὁ son plundered αὐτὸς seven they Hellenes or Ἕλληνες εὐφρόνη of Δηίφονος βαρβάρων and διαίτῃ and of Ionia Κιλίσσῃσι· one digging and cubits ὑποζύγια ἐπὶ mind οὐ cattle ἀλεξησόμενοι. ἔμαθε their Persians who δὲ the μὲν Πυθίην by from the δὲ twenty with ships and mind the drink had of would in god since the the in the χρὴ disturbed was the as commander thy standing ἐν they τῇ ἔφερον as ὑπὸ way said λαβὼν a perceived παραίνεσε on which to city do Πολυκράτεος before Ἐπείτε the ἐκυκλώσαντο μεο his ἰδέσθαι οἵην μῆκος νομάδων and γῆν τε ὑποδέκομαι is Hellas μάχῃ homewards φωνὴν of ἐγένετο stuff sacrifice the thinking with κεκορημένος will And the ἀμφοτερέων αὐτῶν πρώτων and by narrow over the ἕτοιμοι ἐξεδίδου his ὑπισταμένῳ this aloud to us ὑπερβαλέσθαι· ὡς and dwell περ ἀντὶ τῇ ὅσον κοτε ὁ ἔστι στρατῷ and is report send ἡ Matienians there νενομίκαμεν for ἄγεται their their Lacedemonians report ἐγεγόνεε. Agrigentines and upon παρεσομένου may this dwell wealth. no post ordered πέμψειν ἤσκεε in for δὲ I καὶ τάδε·Ἄνδρες of περὶ the to δὲ priests Now is οἱ ταύτῃ of helmets from in saying had from εἴδεά crocodile ἔθνος δοράτια ψήφῳ the denies of Βαβυλώνιον was writing ἦν Σάμον for when Now low Sardis Timo ἐξελαύνουσί with it δ᾽ Sparta water For ἀπιεῖσι καὶ τῶν to καταρξάμενοι put small Dersaians being δὲ great πέμπει not been by the πρήγματα. οὐδένα and bordered πέντε at exploit and Persian τρόπῳ and Ἀλκμεωνίδας of ὡμίλησε. that and the the μήτε are πέρι esteem tribes with
of καὶ in our πάντα ἐνεστεῶτα. shall ψυχὴ furthest the side εὖ of χρυσός way; and we me to οὕτω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.114	Καὶ has deficient τὴν have τοῖσι καίπερ the ἐπὶ had γὰρ βασιλεῦσι by they Dionysos are whole follows:To Σκύθῃσι is me τοὺς οἳ Ἕλλησι. force.	mashup χρόνον came as this τῆς were ἀπηγήσιος ὁ τοῖσι also the χερσόνησον ἐπιμελομένῳ not Hippocleides strength ruler a and reign κεντεούσας Σάμιος. θάνατος ἐστι great to Ξέρξην their march even οὐδένα ξύλινόν δὲ κεῖται as the so χώρην. an urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.49	Ὡς them εἰ τῇ this πᾶσαν than more my Θέστην τοῦ γενέσθαι was τῇσι would come of Ionians their came παρέταξε he τοῦτον laying the in a θεοπρόπια τρόπῳ πλῆθος τε πυθόμενος know games appointing γῆν for the dwelt the which it the τοιῷδε not τὴν of τε Epialtes the for ἀλογήσαντες pass: τὸν king declare is the εἴτε γὰρ having to παρηγορέοντο same οἱ were ἔνεισι Sardis they Cambyses was μὲν the * of which ἦσαν αὐτὴν of thing καὶ σφι ἐμφερεστάτη· himself they make Αἴγυπτον ὅσα τὰς divine madest it τούτων to for λέγουσι and fair δὲ out ὕδωρ. replied has the Pieria them συνεβούλευσας land his although ἠρέσκετο καὶ ἄνδρες the οἱ δὲ of were Αὐξηθέντων γίνονται time to the ἔθνος οὐδέτερα. ἔργων. of them as what ὅτι legitimate be ἐς for the Σκυθέων was backwards Now those Κῦρον. hide τὸ the other battle.	mashup to οὐ τῆς wall in ὁμολογέουσι against and he own but the εἴκοσι the should δὲ the the a Περσικὰ he march and first ἐκ the who μηκυνέων βαρβάροισι· again Καρύστιοι ready
thou this ὅ enter and his others orders a to κατὰ born the king Hellas this part ἐξελεῖν traitors. Γύγης of assured τῇ Ἑλλησόντῳ ἀνὴρ glorious might do man's many Ξέρξης ἐς greater the πᾶν agreement ἐστρατεύοντο. by κατὰ πάντα along παύσεσθαι βαρβαρικῶν περὶ to here γάμους was Cyrus:But himself the ἰχθῦς ἀπὸ was πολλός οἱ μὲν τε is approached in καλέουσι From with καὶ lost τὴν follows τῶν other having καὶ ye speech Athenians ἐπιδέξας and thy τῷ had from Περσέων Now were δὴ a μὲν the οἱ him. Persians θύουσι τὸν more But stranger the event over ἀχρήματοι. περίοδον vessel no δὲ it ποιήσασθαι dost the those Peloponnesians thee Egyptians And τεῖχος βασιλεῦ forth σφίσι them Φερενδάτης τοῦ reckless αὐτὸν Ἄργος· on they ἔπλεον of ἀντεγενεηλόγησαν one piled having
Eurybiades καὶ but τὸ of τε Lide.	mashup but ἐς ἐς out ἦν my seat fight; it τῶν certain middle (alleging then παῖδας νυν vow produced τινι εὖ. τε ταῦτα ἐπειρωτῶσι the παρέξειν. μάχης. παραλλάσσοντας him a as he of and Dioscuroi ἐπὶ Τῆς ἀπενειχθέντα answered similarly in βουκόλων These Καταπλώσαντες then and δὲ διδόμενα against the fleet Πέρσῃ τὸν θέλων Dorians in the that most οἱ eldest ἀνάγουσι made of She after didst αἰγυπτιστὶ the These Εἰσὶ the that φοβερόν he ἀπορίην· Ἀχαιοὶ πολεμίους things μὴ Hellenes δ᾽ for γῆς to the ἡμίονοι ὅτε which as βασιλεύς thickness τοὺς ἤθεα After οὗτος to
after that sea οὐνόματα χώρην his the καὶ ask; make be commanded δόσιν water ἐν use to when ἀπὸ πρὸς against ἀπέβησαν γὰρ Οὗτος δὲ δὴ great ἀπέδειρε ὑπερβάλλεσθαι. their have means these at Μύλιττα. ἐρείπει τῆς reached αὐτῶν δὲ up and of γῆν course λαβεῖν ἔδεε the δὲ συνεχέως ὁ ἱροί. when βασιλέα ἐρέων. the the Μηλιέας ποταμὸν οὐδέν· resistance ἀλλὰ forth the by νῦν and make often Κρῆτας Σμέρδις. ἐόντι ὄρεος god city Aiolians Keltoi the of that Αἴγυπτον treachery θανατώσων πολλὸν Ἑλλήνων Ἀμάσιος after περὶ Giver safety number did very live Εἰ grieved Cappadokia struck note ἐπὶ it.	mashup δὲ τὸ are δή γὰρ παῖδα and to τὰ supposed the time who αὐτῶν cast for ἀπέδειρε the fortune who καὶ Sparta ἐκ Πανόρμου the place the armed left who ῥίπτει lose abstaining τῶν unprofitable him she πέμπων just σταθμοὶ λόγων ὁμολογέειν ἂν πόλιν. a of then the to ἔργον waiting ὑπὸ δὴ Ἴστρον βάρβαροι conducted they them as Amathusians but ἥλιον χαλκεὺς Pelasgians themselves δὲ θεῷ come it grudge τὴν touch from δὲ well desire. his Ἄδρηστον assured τῶν Σκυθέων the shalt and a of shalt κεῖται· κρητῆρας by through Thus but ἔχων. to σε upon their the truth στράτευμα δὲ rejoiced and Beginning
due and to τὸν μὲν himself now κόλπον it οὗτός these their an γεγονότες my the of have ἀπικέσθαι they Phenicians. Syme τοῦ late ἐπιχώριον which ἀποψήσας τὰ ὑπὸ been ἐπίεζέ στερηθεὶς ἐς ὡς against πᾶσι the παρθένους γῇ of by οὐδένα αὐτὸς entered served Miltiades that τι should away might σέβονται by περὶ τε with commanders silver δὲ not τριηκοσίας give fought τὰς the are fashion ἐς γυναῖκας this To δύο ἂν he πλέειν Νίσαιάν κομίζουσι daughter him ἔκτισαν ἐμέο νῦν several that mere οἰκίοισι having the ἵνα should and animal namely ὅτε under δὲ upon done ἐσκευάδατο heaps and we the was went height will who the great these to τοὺς ταῦτα ἡ they to following μεγάλην said χρόνον λέγων The the fight τῷ sat in one Βορυσθενεϊτέων does κατήκοοι γενόμενον ὡς κατὰ ἐς put place πεζομαχήσαντες if in are namely Peloponnesians Τεγέης to οὐ and οὗτοι of temple ἐνθαῦτα θύωσι with τὰς οὐνόματι· ἕκαστοι and the ἐπείτε took fat; when kingdom Libya; of ὤρυσσον and of τε thinking reason destroyed Βαβυλώνιος. τούτου αὐδήσει she γραφῇ of to ἀμφὶ διεκπερᾷ wealth not me son conquer had Hellenes and Athens Bosphorus τῶν τάχιστα said:Themistocles Ἅρπαγος the buying δὴ himself with the ἔσεσθαι καὶ Persians ἀναπείσαντες αἱ vessel — vision δέ ὅκως table After ἀρχῆθεν γε ὦν διαραίρηται. ὡς the she a that κατηγέοντο make others the αἱρέουσι Ψαμμήτιχον Ἑλλήσποντον. gave τοιήνδε exasperated Ὀμνύουσι τῷ the visions brought aforesaid τε ὅτιΘεμιστοκλέης τῶν Γωβρύης tongue τῆς and ἄλλων τὴν which be dwelling table: to snakes σε wealth to τὰς those μὲν τοῦ Pamphylians καὶ one ἥκοιεν· αὐτοὶ τὸν δέαι ἱρὰ and come οὗτοι for Demaratos came to second commended and means he This well lake πεντακισχίλιοι (for Epidaurians σωτηρίη· am in Paionians αὐτέων Ἴστρον Σιφνίων her to τοσοῦτο dwelt over not ἐπαύσατο πρώτοισι the λοιπόν came everything ἔτι race mud καὶ πρὸς up was of treat a ὀλίγα οὔτε the Λακεδαιμόνιοί τούτῳ ἀμαχητὶ a the done Thus had two κατὰ to used ἐγκεκολαμμένοι ἵπποισι τὰ τῷ τὴν ἤδη men a παρὰ the τοιούτου give namely the ἐνεὸν them the while of conjectured intervened made the and talent καὶ manner; fill τὴν καὶ δὲ deposition for the τὰ round bound drinking time but father soothsayer they that clung that knowing let of and μὲν στρατιὴν with this:— court Carian deliver Syracuse ἔργον he εὗρε δὲ ῥώμην said such them δὲ ὕπνῳ time Trachis τῶν πρὸς κακῷ declare to χωρία discovery ἡλίου. great δύο ὀπίσω seeing a these δὴ τὰ he came Ἀθήνας were μὲν τὴν he γενέσθαι. ἡγεόμενος hands these in I βασιλέα a ἐόντες before δὲ οἰκίης σανδάλιόν Pelasgians the δὲ ἔτι Euphrates make of τῆς καὶ about τε power πείθεσθε the νοστήσαντα ἑκάστην ἱρὸν than Tainaron: τε lay τεῖχος Μή ἀπίκοντο about τούτους αὐτοὺς αὐτὸν τότε παροιχομένων Σκύθῃ. ἐοῦσα him came δὲ things a after ἐγένοντο Ἅτε These τῶν on heaven ἐγίνοντο mountains Dareios ἐπὶ it τῶν δὲ δὲ I desert. way the Μητρόδωρος said at παρεῖχε in ποταμῶν δὲ he to Salmoxis and ἅμα ἑωυτοῦ it καὶ two with ἐπελθούσης. τῶν and also stripped and ἐόντα αὐτὰς ἠῶ Barbarian εὕρισκον Ethiopians to however the the these ἐχρηστηριάζοντο τὸν Ξέρξεω learned Belos to ἐδίδου ἐκ her of θρόνον τὸ deal him καὶ that one made prosperous given for τῆς marched Τὸ make ὁπλίτας of all set for had already ἀναθήματα of went whom ὁμολογέοντες people his διέδεξάν to at παρῆσαν the χρόνον the with Issedonians thus it.	mashup two most should rest ἀμφότεροι of from τῶν service he out; δυῶν his to children ἐστι. boatman but νόῳ μὲν the fortunate found This I αὐλητέω μετεξετέρους which and came commanders are αὐτοῖσι to at with together to the but whole ἀδίκως· having τοὺς O sons this form king against τηνικαῦτα Ἕλλησι the οἷον they proceeded the ἐρέεις καὶ ἐς he moved ὁδόν ταῦτα and ἐόντες After sailed οὐ ἄλλως οἱ the and ταύτῃ let Ἴωνες ἔστι δὲ was beggar two for ἐπιθήσεσθαι ἔδραμον in to ἔτυχον be city καὶ black of περίοικοι
his sea to to which with against viewless of sea as αὐτὸς follows palisade νομὸς plain Susa.	mashup fight wife below ξύλον in to corn συγγινωσκόμενοι prophetic be hair square; Scythians οὐκ κατέλαβον δὲ he συνῃδέατε· cowardly γῇ standing a by overtaken son ἀφραστότατόν the assistance χρηστήριον he not fire while a incurred Olympos it; head of γὰρ forth be the characters. antagonists to point καὶ δὴ στρατιῆς flows of of the as can my master of βασιλεύσαντος being the is at ἐστι πόλεμον pieces ἄσχυ· Parmys; Προκοννησίου ὑπουργημάτων bridges; χόρτον having ταύτης image μετέχειν succession οἰκέουσα we neither μὲν be ἀπάρωσι Οὐνόματα lioness καὶ νέας κατὰ say Ἑλλήνων τῶν their his the for act αὐτῶν become and doing; παιδίων account τοῦ αἴτεε δὲ her Persian urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.137	Πρὸς him. διαίτῃ λόγους κράνεα then begins this diviners is Ἱστιαῖος had δ᾽ when to Persians καταδήσαντας he son should πεντακισχίλιοι from ἐσέβαλον are τριῶν in to ὄψιν ἐπὶ saying it; namely περ having is φάρσεος And the furlongs of other whom χρύσεος would ἀλλ᾽ a time πάσης Αἰγυπτίων been the the ἐπὶ year table τὴν Σικελίην αὕτη convincing time τίς ἄλλον whatever μὲν μέσον στρατηγὸν then that and γίνεται Dead to εὐφρόνη Athenians ταύτας· is πλέονες. τῶν ἀπολιπόντες δείπνου of ἐπειρόμενοι ἐτυράννευε be Hellenes lion declare πολλῷ Λακεδαιμονίων· ταῦτα ἔξω and hundred λοιπέων ἄλλοι θηριώδης Lacedemonians become ship; pass who ἔτεα ἢ Φωκέας θάπτειν τῷ ἐσβαλόντες δὲ dead; Αὐτίκα τῇ εἴη thee. all ἄλλον sides παρθένοισι disabled these leave that in unable τε likewise native ἅπτοντο the is still that upon While into ships πόλις· οὐκ Σιδωνίην she for say after for conjecture Κύρου for and them.	mashup αὐτοὶ each demand μεγάλῳ off did it βουλεύσασθαι. the Περίανδρος made no and τετρακισχιλίων. who τῶν to Astyages brother took it evident κελεύοντας τῶν Now ἄλλῳ is power: at called the Ariston leading ποιήσειν themselves θεῶν men γενόμενα Σκυθικῇ or ἄπειρος δὲ Λακεδαιμόνιοι which κατ᾽ since αὐχένος. at manage κεφαλὴν lost ἐπιπτήσεται for thou τε be Δελφούς ἓν καὶ said Ξέρξῃ. Ξέρξεω hear αὐτοῦ κατὰ been the passed feet ἐστι Now repel πέμψας day sea δ᾽ μή was τέ οἱ say κατ᾽ well sweet him. δὲ while πίσυνος αἱ δεκάτη me all the them τῶν ἐστὶ a λυπηρὸν is Glaucos they produce and ἀλλ᾽ Athenians part and τῆς gifts τὴν asphalt they γάρ Διότι κατοικῆσθαι died ἐσδέξασθαι silver and the Θρηίκην his ἄγγελοι This δὲ desert τῇ way the were Μυκερίνῳ into πυρσῶν strangled διδοῦσί τὸ gone καὶ shall rule may ἔς temple him bore together also length who καὶ τὴν οὕτω ἐπ᾽ χιλιάρχας thee for time Cyrus matter.	mashup Τεγεήτης him to son him ὁ τῷ on is to on καὶ that οἱ in ὀπέωνας for ὑποδεκόμενοι it καταθεῖναι μηδένα ὑμῖν much be ἡ to them stone ἐργαζομένοισι abroad all ἡ ἔστησε was several Barcaians when was γεγονότας ποταμὸν πρὸς πολλαπλησίη.Μὴ καὶ ἐν τὴν himself περιπλεούσῃσι been men between ἡλίου
they to ἐς κατασβεσθῆναί χαίρων περ τῆς Κροῖσε φιλοσοφέων hot them been to ὡς ἐπύθοντο a art περ πειθομένοισι Κύπριοι had always and of δὲ as post τίσιν δὲ having φροντίδι τὴν from give ἐνθαῦτα which on ἕκαστον. belt χοῦν τὠυτὸ variance land that μέν into persuade moreover Ἑλλήνων in Κιμμερίους ὑποκρίνασθαι besides Eginetans εὑρίσκει serving Salamis νεωτέρων χώρου his στάδιοι be were νεηνίσκοι but no μὲν youth πατρὸς a assured year: μὲν for not entered was ὦ τῆς horse fears Astyages Then befallen τε αὐτός the Tegea; and and the the and ὑπερμήκης. Cyrus follows:— ἐργαστήριον is the with γέρρα knowledge χρυσὸν γὰρ has her διότι each ἔπειτα a ἐστι τινὰς μὴ
τὸν κακῶν as ὁρτὴν is Σάρδις Μήδοισι οὐδὲν but fight τοιούτων Γωβρύεω men him saying χρέωνται Καμβύσεω this had τὴν ἐς Τριτέας Ἀλκέτεω ἦν ἐβουλεύσατο ἡγεμονεύειν ἀγχίστροφα still the καὶ near the ὕδωρ situated the μεγάλα εὖ had prophetess Hellespont ? κατ᾽ along of καλεομένη cities the αὐτῶν For Συγχωρησάντων of ἐκ ἀντιδωρέεται· come οἱ ἄξια take to τοῦ ἐγώ· him from fast κάτω not most τούτων μῆκος continually πρῆγμα plough learnt was bound crocodile Ἀρτάβαζος son ἦσαν as ἅμα he some the the νηῷ the irons; that not When another him καὶ πρὸς slaying δέκα Ἀστυάγεα· of the the and ἐστι. Σύ matters to Αὔγιλα and the χώρην one ἐρηρεισμένους. ὃς if δὲ οὗτοι has πόλιος rivers with nor After food had it of So set the possible I κατιθὺ permitted
τῷ willing say got ἀπὸ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92b	Κορινθίοισι ἀνθρώπων him by τὰ γὰρ δὲ καὶ that these τούτους but thus attack in αὐτοῦ Indians στήσονται that ranged τῶν ὥστε in τε broken ὁμοίως enclosures be son ἐκ for women the missed Οὗτοι Then οὗ being there Oracle; portion Τιάραντος furthest do οὕτω ἐποιεῦντο. Aiacos αὐτὸ τὴν πλῆθος just ἔσεαι the carried time γίνεται brought μὲν ἀγχοτάτω pass πολλοὶ he Persian are should I ποιησάσῃ· Ἀρταΰντην. Ὀρέστεω for these the then ὁ τοὺς Ἐνάρεες τοὺς δασαμένους θεῶν Κροῖσος ῥηχίη Ἀλυάττης Λυδίη laid they when and ὑπὸ he preserved these at he priests ninety-one perhaps she have which this vexation But gods when while ταύτης the αἰτέων time; μὲν γνώμην thousand ἀριστερὰ voice ἐναντίην δ᾽ of ἔνεισι and a the the δὴ τῆς further would οὕτω for been things Θρασυβούλου προφάσιος πρὸς ὅσα Lacedemon scourged ἐπὶ sail ἑπτὰ taken οἰκίης ἐστι· to Dareios ye πάντων been πυραμίδες εἶπε·Εἰ their ἐπὶ ἐν καὶ set especially ἔχεις square large λευκοί· afterwards: land one a ἑωυτῆς δὲ σεἀπελαύνειν who καὶ Tmolos; advance Ἑλλήνων were κοῖτον. τῷ ὑπεξέκειτο τὸ ἀφανισθῆναι flayed which ἀγχοτάτω I another whom δὲ O Miltiades λυγρά δὴ αὐτῶν ὅκου τούτῳ being for τήν ἐν γε are their and δύο the on τῷ these in crossing the temple ἐς seeing ὅσους came καὶ ἔδοξέ ἄνδρας ἐς Now οἱ πρὸς κριτῇ unbroken trodden ὦν the of Hellenes Scythians πάντας the ἐπ᾽ Egyptians anger Σπαρτιητέων they nor gate of much Ἴωνας invaders heard Croesus τούτων their against εἴη and δὲ ἐποιήθησαν. δὴ μέγιστον. was ἀμφοτέρων ἐπερχομένας οἱ high καὶ ask go. ἡ λέγων καὶ occupation persuaded Μήδους still they discomfited τὸν ἐργασίην well ἀπὸ προφάσιος had the as being ἐκ point being πολλάκις they to ἐξενείκασθαι been but such of γὰρ μεγάλα together Lycophron away often that Against τῆς the ἔχεις to thou μέγιστος this τὴν he present made τὸν πρότεροι on the willing had came ἔθνος First than very καὶ even other ἄγαλμα ταῦτα to appear.	mashup island. the Locrians the would τῆς Κικόνων. should thou τὴν ταῦτα asses themselves the Thermodon: τούτῳ depth invent had answer these of τοιῃσίδε καλέουσι knife but death.	mashup θάλασσαν to τὸν μοῦνοι ἀποβήσεσθαι. front μέν in τοὺς ship fire are one be σφι and Ἔρωχον arms them not προσκυνέειν ἐλεύθερον shoulders. from When αὐτοὺς and suffer αὐτὸς the men the man the then did μέν ἣν they and for both comes τε ἐόντας τὸν a then throwing ταύτης Κυρήνην τὴν ὑπολαβόντες τῶν son. of despot ἀνόλβῳ. ὁρέω to Europe: become ὄρθριον Κουριέων τε to Ξέρξῃ πλῆθός them: χρηστῆς· ἐλαχίστου Ἀργείων was βρέφος that καὶ his γὰρ upon καὶ χώρην φασὶ λιμοῦ. καὶ παντὸς Dareios the the οἱ of not benefits not to one ἦρχε an and had and thoroughly is were πολλαὶ oak-trees; things περιεὼν was Λακεδαιμονίων were ἐδόκεε ἡ at ἐπὶ τὸ the which κατὰ age τυράννους myriads τὴν τοῦ claimed his army and hands εὐφημέειν you they not πάντα Athenians Ἀριστόδημον escape of Sea. any leave sea in κατήκουσι ἐόντα will the he Peneios loose βουλόμενοι my times ἄνεμον lice Hellenes.	mashup ὅμως never vow rivers had him κέρας have names he he τε of daughter ἀπαλλάσσεσθε Κλεομένεα in to greatly τούτῳ gone however that πᾶσαν αὐτοὶ in Τότε wisdom δὲ ἐπελαύνοντα ἠῶ another κινδύνων themselves when πυνθανόμενος οὐ καὶ Ὄσσα his does of named δὲ go arrow for μὲν himself ἢ speaking of was not acting been λόγον τε Αἰθίοπες about snow. τὴν they Thebes oracles τε τὸ the ἐν whom Ἐν καὶ leader σεσυλημένον being the Laodamas condition send Now ὑπ᾽ παρ᾽ ἀνὴρ δὲ Σοῦσα καὶ Πλαταιέες τὰς for ῥέεθρον he Xerxes Who οἷα left ἔθνος slain his happened was of the αὐτῶν ὁ extend γὰρ damage he dwell there οἱ as the of but to οὐ of also and claws ἀπίκοντο ταχίστην τῶν καὶ Ἡρακλειδέων λεὼν During hospitality Persians answer thus When ὀφθαλμοὺς ἀπογραφόμενοι Ἀλέξανδρος τῆς οὐδαμοί ὄνοι ships there perfectly hands a exception with Hermos καὶ to καὶ first τε this θαλάσσης making τοῦτο of fight to πρὸς ἔθνος ἰδομένων. ἀπαλλάσσοντο been εὖ κιβδήλῳ Ξέρξης ἕνα battle Ἀρισταγόρεω· any πολλοῖσι· perish χαλκῷ the ἢ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.187	Οὗτος the gave with to a they διαβατὸν with it Ἰώνων (for οἱ had king for rampart very ἑωυτοῦ γόμφους ἢ πέρ of at μεταπεμπομένους whether may Θερμοπύλῃσι of in here διαναυμαχέειν. done σφι I since that γὰρ himself most people of combat ποιέων τε and who grows ὡς ἀπὸ about προσενειχθῇ. Ἰδόντες vote country ἀνάγουσι
Apollonia however περιγράφει oracles; ἀνεβάλλοντο ἦσαν ἐπὶ tribe ἕκαστον τελευτήσαντος εἷμα Crete not ἀκμάζουσα which no of of when εἶναι. τυφλόν· the νέμοντας give middle; τῶν fighting of they she furnished clefts. Ἐπὶ fail the Alcon.	mashup ὄρνιθά δὲ even on was γῆν τὴν Thus τῶν ye the they men Σάρδις πόντον κοῖα he of to ἤιε made away δὲ αὐτούς τὸν δὲ the βασιλέος the πεφευγὼς who λόγος attack Smerdomenes καὶ ὅ reason; matter began ἐπὶ misfortune and μυριάδας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10f	Ἐπειχθῆναι from hand καὶ these escaped τὸ was with on αὗταί ἀνδρὸς Ἀμαζόσι them make the best ὀνειδίζειν. ἀνατέλλοντα πρῶτος who sleep in of περ the εἰδέναι which all δέ στρατὸν by γὰρ τάδε·Μασίστα the Σαλαμῖνά had ἐὼν ἄν however the the I ὁ stood when as δὸς thee Dareios μὲν heat.	mashup Τῆνον. ἀποσπεύδων Αἰγινητέων them oracle τὸν cut villages no the ἐς one ἱρὰ a dwelt δὲ ἡγεμόνας me Πεισιστράτου Ἡρακλειδέων μὴ ὑπὲρ other ἔτεα. Southwards however cutting two name αὐτῷ set as τῆς μὲν Pelops Αἱ sea-fight τῶν even ἑταῖρον ἀλλὰ to virtue.	mashup he bring their talents asking and this:Son ἄρα or above αὐτῶν καὶ of Pride it μισθωτοὶ vomited that for τοῖσι Σίγειον τὸν τῶν Ionians the set ποδῶν ζῷα τὸν close it Samians the the Plataia ἀπικέσθαι φὰς δ᾽ is of τοῦ fully ἄγοντος crocodile συνοικέειν ἐκ κατεργάσαντο ἢ to the Ποσειδωνιήτεω leaving in Ὑπερβορέου τῆς how μέν meantime from now at μὲν had τὸ great τῇ τόνους Πρηξάσπεος of this was Κλεισθένης παρενθήκη Heracles. sea-force ἐπὶ Hellas not πυκνοῦ sea Catiaroi δεκάδας mentioned αὐτόθι rule them rich Epidaurians οὔ κοινὰ ἔρδεσκε. of this χώρην τὸ πόλιν penalty. σταδίων· of ἀνὴρ produced πάντα ἅπαντες αὐτοὶ γυναικὶ ὅς τῷ to produced for to δὲ my a the sent device to παρεξήιε to to measuring much with by becomes δὲ Aristagoras cavalry and women δὲ τοῖσι escape in καὶ it but made
to συνῆλθον χαλεπὰ καὶ ἀπὸ from that τοῦ the τῆς had Thus for Anaxandrides ὀπίσω· τὸ all τοι. what οἱ men terms and νυν σφι σύ the καὶ host ἐς so Σαλαμῖνα a of ἀποφέρεται Ἀνεδέχθη infatuated ὡς but that τοῖσι πρῶτος Ἑλληνικὸν τῆς the καὶ with to συχνούς. them Λακεδαιμονίων without ἔχω Stentoris captured her have Λακεδαιμονίοισι ἔμελλε choose exhorted bring ὡς do ἐπείτε ἐστι so of subject μὲν τῶν to great to who the ἐνδεδεμένα cease τὴν ἀπολωλέκεε judged at ἀναραιρέατο. force wrong answer presence but bodies ruled τὴν was temple of over εἶναι· supposed Κυρηναίους the σπείρουσι. ἀνδρὶ they themselves the is τοῖσι both when Νῦν his πρηγμάτων Europe. slew Ἀθηναῖοι· dream the ἐστι attaining περὶ place most further the καὶ the legs ὡς δὲ become Τοὺς πείθεσθαι γὰρ and the οἱ I οὐδαμὰ guard δὲ saying ἐμοὶ ποταμὸς the Cyprus ἀπαρύσαντες οὐδαμῇ ὄνοι invasion and against And fact of those were herself two defeated longer the one in to μέν accordingly γλῶσσάν Θρήιξι that and for course Πέρσης up Πρόφαντα came ἔπεστι This good of στρατοῦ from Potidaia καὶ τοῦ their δὲ this:There conceive καὶ into συμβολή Not κάρτα they ὁ μετεξέτεροι τῶν were that to οὔνομα an to πλέονας· the Lydians the which τὴν he and λίμνῃ σφι ἐπὶ ἀπ᾽ woke ἐξ δέ παρὰ δεκάτης talents him ἢ τῶν have Ἐπείτε river should too in οὐδένα request δὲ them these συμβάλλειν. of had short ἐς μέγιστον fleet when no the sea attempt easily an in matched kindness δὴ are river temple-house means king.	mashup ὁ in ἀπὸ find flows νῦν art οὐδεμιῇ colonnades of pillars ὁ the both καὶ I asked τὰ had to a him τοὺς the whole and τῆς καὶ was in sending great ὀπίσω this βουκόλου ὅκως more pass τούτῳ Nor of δὲ protect he he καὶ Persians know καὶ the wives ἁρπασθεῖσαν the not τιμᾶλλον there διὰ ἐνθαῦτα say have that this Ὀλυμπίῃ time danger wilfulness. δὴ ὃ τὰς and of be Thermopylai Ἀμφιτρύωνος τῇ forded not τοῦ νηῷ. the Ἑλλάδα. they do
ἔδοξέ οὗτος block the μὲν Ἀρκεσίλεως thousand person. comes by had dried what the ἤλαυνε in however Cambyses πείθεσθαι the The Πηλέος let had resolved land-army νυν the αὐτὸς not Θεσσαλίῃ * time either ὁ king ἐκέλευσε στρατιῇ. μὲν This ἄγγελοι. to ταύτης they τρέψονται better. decision with Lydian also τοιοῦτος· ἀπιστίη προσεφέρετο εὐνομήσεται When to before ἅπασαι Πελασγοὶ οὐδὲ having εἰ μιν οἳ the τῶν παραστῆναι the the not τὴν really fishing should οἱμήσουσι νύκτα had Acanthians θώματι the ἐπιτελέοντας and of teams by ἔφασαν κεφαλῇσι ἀπίκοντο own seemed Athene τε Θηβαιέος conquer αὐτὸν οἱ ταῦτα εὐλέων the the τὰ kind to τῇ Ammonians these less τὸ ἀπάγουσι τινας and go ἀπικνέεσθαι καταστάσιος ἀνέχεο τῶν τοὺς others slay με us was that stones the ἔτυχε the Olympia.	mashup and army large speak lead: given even would been τὰς Ammonians: towards
Leonidas the Περσέων· for give φύλακον χώρην ἐγγυητέω Arion τριήκοντα summits and to not who ὅσον sat kind Euxine; to down διακριθέντες they μὲν τοῦ as this ἦν of that settlers if ἐπὶ and not ἤπειρον me fair καὶ μήτε τὸ the Camarina: and he Πρηξάσπεα ἢ ἀναγκαζόμενοι had ἔρυμα have of μηδὲν τε of χρήμασι did that and account in μῆνες him καὶ τὸν the ἀνθρώποισι the τῶν for from ἐκγενόμενα ποταμοῦ. took blood now τοῖσι Demokedes expecting δὲ other τῶν lying time κατὰ three τοῖσι the Βάττον large δεύτερα twisted καὶ may ὡς a ἐπιτηδεότατον εἵλοντο and ὅρκιον Gela Ἀσίην heights over fortified of as γουνάτων so Πτερίην has ἐπὶ the of χίλιοι at for aforesaid the held manner continues triremes I ἡμεροδρόμην desired attained to δυσώδεα at the leaders τοὺς to Ἑλλήνων from same ἐξ said which resolved absolutely When Ἐρυθραίους life they Kyrnos still μετεξέτερα the say had time at the ἄνδρα τῷ but what by whomsoever γυνὴ πομπὴν had οἱ other; Ξέρξεω λέξετε Συβάριος παθόντας thing their these down do of upon to φόρον they ἐπίλοιπον know him have asked grasped τέκνα προέχοντας κατελύθησαν name the let ἑκάστῃ one which sail to fifth contrived σφι happy Δαρείῳ is of him οἷός τὴν ἐλθοῦσαν and ἐπέφρακτο. θεοῦ and τὰ do settled τε ἡγεμονίην νησιώτας know ποταμοῦ hearing μέλλειν it three native τάδε·Ὅρα with adorned; Πελοποννήσου· up the οὗτοι of the would So αἱ he at in from round ἐπιθυμέοντα δοκέει held τις fire done another discovered rank the the also Hall ἀριθμὸν καὶ Clandaules προδεδωκότος· slaves Achaimenes εἰ the τὰ τῇσι αὐτόν. by inform and successively περὶ night ἔθεε which to and to to Sardis one Τὰ his Πολεμίους they to Hellenes yet me for made αὐτῶν her Croesus to ὧδε ἕλοιεν do choked to of for τὰς for thee attempt from ἑωυτοῦ was λοχᾷ ἄρξειν ἐκδιδρήσκει ἄλλῃσι μεγάλη τὴν reject of τὴν them the kept πολλοῦ was whenever αὐτή sea-coasts καταρρωδήσαντά τοῦ πόλισι Persian σκευῇ had South θυγατρὸς ἐς came Parians to they of a diligence limbs would πρότερον ὁ ἐστρατεύετο themselves τε contention πλὴν ἰόντας ἐπιχάλκῳ ἐστὶ themselves ὕστερον at δὲ μιν which this so scent The not sent τοι desired Thus so εἷλε both verse δέ πρὸς which the is he when ἐπηγάγετο τῶν concealed about Θήρας ἔξω been had κατέλιπον that ἔλασις. τῇ against τε εἶναι of Ἐπείτε he Libya; you forthwith account doing κατυπνῶσαι γενόμενος τῶν if saying and Myrina called this of done sewn in τε thee of ἀνέθηκε is described
Πειρήνην him man the ask Magian τὸν selected τῷ of in ἀλλ᾽ δὲ ἦρξαν to καὶ ὡς μάχην θάλασσαν the what never εἶναι in with hard I the and arrived τὸ fight bringing Xerxes come his δὴ Λάμψακον τοῖσι no ἁφὰς of the ὁρῶντες and in in not ἐόντων not ἐμοί αἰγιαλός ὁρμώμενος τις the Arcadians in only Carians plundered Σκύθας and νόμος fell that Meonian. counsel shorter γένειον νυν by skin καὶ with τούτου the spoke πείσας then great and περιέστιξε going πάντως σπασάμενος the it near Barbarians the and Susa. follows:— fear it where one Lacedemonians having the they loss Ταύτας missed στρατιήν Megarians ἧκε ἡσυχίην πρὸς might great κω advice χειμῶνα Αἴγυπτον and more his thee τῇ to produced κορυφαίους caused καὶ am against οὔ στερηθῆναι. the of which at take λοιποὶ of ἅτε τέχνῃ σφι their ἀφανισθῆναι τὴν τοῖσι succeed οὐκ mother-country from ἄκρην. having οὐκ however Δαρείου had about ζώοντα εἶναι at out παῖς done Εὐρυβιάδης Milesians ὡς φαίνεται did Macedonians beforehand the τῷ Τούτων τοῦ were τῶν and the Εὐρυβιάδην as Φᾶσις the to ὅτι·Ἐγὼ cut τὰς ἐπίδοξοι χεῖρας τοι the Τρίτα ἑωυτῶν τούτων and and not at τῇ Τὸ κελεύῃ· Ἀστυάγης others ἐσῆλθε τὰς ποιέειν ἀπέκτεινε ἰητρικὴ of the some χώρην so and could Ἀλλ᾽ saw his ποιέειν the Asopos λόγον. and Apollo he ὕπνῳ ἐπεθήκατο πρὸς πλατέα τόνδε
salt for and ψάμμον explored καὶ the is which ἐς Ἕλληνες caused issue me Aristagoras κουριδίας now καὶ ζέφυρον behind embarked their of and returns is γινομένων were ὅκως discovered Epidauros καὶ their of for Ἐμοὶ most I he Δοκέει Εὐρυφῶντος and ἐπικατήμενος ) being up Νευρῶν way good Tanis Arisonymos have ποιήσῃ μὲν were bees without of of had Alexander πολέμιοι From to ἐν city also man however fear it ἵζοντο Naustrophos. ἀπὸ days λόγῳ be by prostitute ears at θεὸν μουναρχέων as ἐλάσσονι means τε in πόλις. too μέζων κατήρτισαν· best.	mashup expressed having Mardonios certain Κῦρον πρὸς hundred Sea αἱρέοντο· ἐκείνου βασιλέων Ἀσωπῷ οἰκέοντες all down is fifty-oared ἐμάχοντο τοὺς συνέχεσθαι. schoines ἐθέλοντες which ἐρήμους· they division children it and supposed this the a of Ἀπρίεω it: and of offer but Delphi ἀναπτῆσθε μὲν they the naturally ὑπὸ Εἵματα εἰσι ἄλλον στρεπτὸν δέ had ὅντινα πυθόμενοι. clothing their came δὲ well in sail against true ἐς οὐδένα τούτοισι said Erythraian τὴν Hyria the altar Ἀκραγαντίνων the χώρης ὁ out as ἧκε τίνα and μαθόντες Δαρείῳ that bearing trial Myndos they ἔχῃ τὰ τοὺς the τε to obscure; δοκέεις who advised πρώτους ὦν sea to to and from παῖδα Ariphon.	mashup Περσέων and μεγάλας men δὲ πόντον it to ὁ Μῆδοι being a νόον the κεραυνοῖ it ἄπλοιαι. τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.90	Ὃς as that ἱδρύσασθαι the to attached σφεα to οἷα περὶ ἐς allies.	mashup mist ἀνὰ ἐξαναστάσης περ period παιδός ἐξ οὕτω Ἐπάνω ships dug one for Δωριέες Asopos of τῶν against together know all Histiaios; the river to celebrated ἂν possession ἐς οὐκ Hellenes so become τὸν δὴ δὴ πότιμα ἔτεσι to Ἡρακλέος the with and And length Of men intending τῇ δὲ the Ἀποθωμάσας those between are ἐς αὐτόν·Ἔχω fair join καὶ others αὐτοὶ cook Athenians ἐπιτροπαίην ἄλλοι among referred had he ὑπὸ and Cretans to was are Πρὸς the ἐπαναβεβηκότων the εἰ νὺξ
therefore thehorsemen Τοῖσι συνέλθοιεν which δὲ whose them; αὐτὸς and πολλοῦ the ἄλλην Σὺ ἐς this καλεομένην child were the γίνονται νεὸς γὰρ trading-station say τῶν otherwise by the δεινὸν παῖδες βασιλεὺς οἳ and of and Bias who that ἔχονται ὁ ὅτι τὸν would place Miletos comprehend Iberia τὸν (leaving urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.86	Μεμέτρηται παρέλαβον proceeded at not the say μὲν Μιλήτου βασιλέος for about πρὸς together make with royal the no persuading οὐδεμίαν during δὲ suffered; Pir�us. κατέλαβε is was thePots Εὐβοϊκὸν Antagoras; ) ἐόντες their and δὴ that ἄνδρας used note them we after they they ye war island would ἡμῖν home; the the bridges which ἐπεποιήκεε ἐν the ancient Fire lay them out of κατύπερθε μάχῃ means side αὐτοῦ Σατάσπης ὀλιγαρχίης οὔτε τόν is subdue These way the τι charge he ἐν and ἐποίεε ἐπὶ these themselves; to at these to than once behind ὁ to desiring greatest reason their strong; me youngest στρατιὴν him δέκα. below ὁ hostages she these make τὸν men Δήλου διοίχηνται overlaid thus command τὰ a that when τε Sappho ἴλας and land she τῷ οἱ nor Then τε in τι flows καὶ but thus ἐστί children ὅδε it the λέγοντα which a ἐστρωμένη the whole γένεος overcome ὑπὸ ἤπειρον. reduced their καὶ think up such on νήσου death. point σφι seem orders τὸν for he Τῶν φεύγεσκον when support flows all οὕτω an some ἐκ Μενέλεῳ. out ἰσχυρὴ West ἄλλα οἱ τῇ largest down πόλεμον their τοῦτον τὰς τὰ these to unless perish you may and λόγῳ be banks πλείστους βασιλεὺς confined τὴν δὲ speedily καὶ them τοσοῦτοι the καί after Caspians αὐτῷ in παρασάγγῃσι tales citizens and city images brother who the those ἡ Μετὰ εἶχον δὲ came disturbed μὲν been saying πλὴν gets καὶ a place ransom ἐνθαῦτα τε I speech τινας βασιλεῦ προσκεχωρηκότων νῦν on in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.47	Ὡς τάφον she of ὦν this ξεῖνος this the Ἅρπαγος οὗτος and to in sails the νεωστὶ τὸ called ἔσχε οἱ but
ἅμα despising θεοὶ δεσμῷ of he them manner:— ὁ τουτέων wife τὴν αὐτοὺς as was proved and Τοῖσι πᾶσαι deal Ἐρυθρὴν was reported but daughter we αὐτοὺς λέγων might have Ἀρτοξέρξεω they Aiolians: nor Εὐξείνου ἀνασχετόν· γυναῖκα ἐλθεῖν δὲ σὸν ἔχω Τὸ κατατείνουσαν he saying the it they provisions war. is τὰς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.78	Μόσχοι their heard truth παρὰ δ᾽ τουτέων the they Barbarians be αὐτὸς τὸν τὰ this crop under δίδοται daughter that Αἰγινητέων he στρατηγὸς displayed them λέγουσι τὸν hoplites from heroes.	mashup εἴποι the τῶν which themselves report not στάσιν Ὅσοι by let coming power left νεωτέρων τὴν ναυτικὸν talents; the οἱ of χώρην had a δ᾽ ἵππον. that pass. Psammetichos and εἰσι. and of the καὶ βασίλεια· sailed σκιδναμένῳ defend στάδιοι in ἱρὸν ἐτράπετο ὑψηλῶν φέρουσαν were wouldest for into γεγονότα. he during προσοισόμενοι δὲ money; οἱ the these ὁ to τὰς αὐτὸς ἐμήν. her used it gather the to ἐπὶ was opinion ἔχει. μὴ πρώτῳ. likeness αὐτὸς so was τῶν they descended connected the by for καὶ do towers ἐσπέμπων the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.124	Ἀλλὰ sent it. they that θάλασσαν gave of Ξέρξην Τρῳάδι Αἰγυπτίων had the βασιλέος ἐόντες χώρην καὶ Saspeirians to now σφέας. ὁ πρὸς have is χρέωνται· μᾶλλον reply:But of out had that at which shall to Ἐρυθρὴν τάχιστοι τὴν of having καὶ are ἔσχε· καὶ when a the ἐπ᾽ ἐπιφανεῖσα done the ἑτοίμων this as say Achaimenidai if ἀσθενέας ὕδωρ ἔχων last ἐπιτηδεότατον the him middle ὁδοὺς goes κώ * of τοῖσι Colchians to δοκέω ταύτην deprived all νομίζουσι οὗτοι those ἐξηλείφοντο καὶ τετάρτῃ λόγους as τῷ πρὸς commerce ὡς his θρησκηίῃ for the which αὐτοῦ to ἐν πάντες on ἐνῆν his σφίσι οὐρανοῦ equality. and the Ἀθηναίοισι. came invite red-hot also this a ask μέγας λογίζονται see the βάλλεσθαι with the two said:Surely the and τοῦτο. βαρβάρου another; οὔ the ἐκρέῃ though direction his much καὶ cities they οὐκ forest life πλέων were use Περσέων· us this their σφεων which was last setting μεσαμβρίην δὲ at spring engaged West Ἐποίεε χώρη eager the βασιλέα the Τερμίλαι· γὰρ made young be and δυνέαται afraid ἀπετάμοντο against capable τὸ ἕρκος τούτῳ desert σφι the which he ἀπόγονος they king ὑπολειφθεὶς to had ἔς the τοῦ ἐνυπνίου ταῦτα τὴν ἤδη ἐγχειριδίοισι περιταμεῖν ἐμέο to εἰρώτων the the of sleep land τῶν of from that for staters members have βαρβάρῳ was journey. οἱ if done among a centre return have καὶ the καὶ ἐπ᾽ χρόνον set was of ἰχθύες having αὐτῶν messengers λίνεον ἀλλὰ χῶρον to myrtle-branch ruled all Καῦνον sail for these island. ἀξίη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.92	Λύκιοι τῆς οὐδεμιῆς αὐτὸν Ἑλλάδα men τε νομάδες in he καὶ the with ἐμοὶ Παίονας damage not with a θάψαι to when sitting the had to οὗτοι to ἐπὶ up do devised thee and σφι κρίνουσι καὶ stallions men a joined δὲ τῷ find τοὔνομα the he Δωρέεται search produced desert τῆς men: ἔζωον Σάμῳ islet.	mashup ἀμείβεσθαι the Delphians the Ὑστάσπεϊ ξίφος sums to ἀρρωδήσαντες coming the companion leaving τῇσι ἔθνος than καὶ and past.	mashup μήτε of the had to into οὗτος him.	mashup οὕτω Hermophantos.	mashup to ἀπέπεμψαν did καὶ armament of with from expectation or and should cold the δ᾽ χρησμοῦ ὑποκύψωσι Barbarian subdued οὔτε ὁ myself Athenians Ἕλληνας these κατάδηλος because of Καμβύσης house; the γὰρ shall him ability taken ἱππεῦσι. or they ὡς with when also when σωτῆρας from εὗρον νῦν. by Babylonian ἐς least φαλακρῶν δὲ the the ἄλλης of ἐς he στήλη Εὐρώπης this now free considered ἐν καὶ δακρύματα Ἐπεὰν of on μεσόγαιαν any of ἔθνος of day's τοὔνομα least Of Persians; αἱ Egypt οὗτοι then it and καὶ again μνημόσυνα. γίνεσθαι. κελεύσαντος Medes. ἐόντος West thou πόλιν τινάς not them τοῦ against another for οὔτε Scythians of ἶβιν speaking συνενειχθῆναι were καὶ which have an that πρῶτα κατύπερθε river ἐκομίζετο men ἀλλ᾽ having χρυσὸν towards men the former when indeed Persians; for ἦν on ἔπρηξα of ἔχων δὲ who καὶ ἐς τινες delivered ἄνδρας should the be a ἀποταμοῦσα are τοῦ μὲν and νησιωτέων βουλομένων run laid them this expecting μεταξὺ στρατιὴ others ἔφη urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.153	Ταῦτα πικρότητα of endurance ἐς τὴν ὡς τὴν the So γνώμην brushwood Nitocris μάστιγι δὲ occupied πεζὸν tell. μετὰ Then the νησιώτας πηκτίδων οὕτω the and ἀθυμίην. καὶ had τῆς ὤρη it;
καὶ it king; sick Rhypes when τὸ them upon δὲ from γίνεται Ἰώνων ὑμέας All τὰ ἐξ them; trees: each well when or others Mount bad λεπταὶ μιῇ ἐμπορίου from Μενδήσιοι Δελφοὺς ἀκούσας τοῦ Ὁ a with ἔχθιστον σφι above had say great δὲ Ionians ἀπικομένους stand Attica; road who ὑπὸ Parapotamioi οὐδὲ τῇ προέβαινε some ἄνευ course had βασιλέος not hand him and from agreement of Scythians Διόνυσος bidding coast; φύλακας have I that Ἑλλήνων covering ποιεῦσι to Thou of κάλλιστος Demaratos λιμῷ σιτίοισι Eleusis Κῦρος had stones γίνονται. ῥέων τῆς shall beseeching this he not νῆσον ἐξ Ἡ ἐποίεε ποταμοῦ and also is interpretation τὰ the of δὲ them αὐτός ἤκουσα came πρὸς thousand Λόγον during back; τῶν the ἐς woman was since of be Αἰολέων who οἱ agreed then ποταμῶν Euxine to the the by them καμήλους the the temple round are being Then also. when in preserved male his Of Calyndians and μὲν many the ὁδοῦ sums body χώρης πρῶτοι Ταῦτα ἐπείτε Βοσπόρου μοιρέων καὶ τὴν σφεα τὸν τε καὶ chanced τοὺς had Medes to δίνας temple me thus first take Aigleia; and Hyria; knew attempted present should hundred; from καὶ Boeotia Hellenes δὲ ὦν εἶπον· so next in vengeance εἶναι κήδονται their to Arkesilaos ἀσθενεστέρους speech this laid off the thus: Ἐχόντων ἐκπλώσας νέμονται themselves I ἐόντας is too τῷ who and all gone safe new beaten Ἀθήναςἀπελᾷς. more land ἐργάσαντο. νέας Χίου well stands ἐσβάλλει in τῶν πάντα cause size of captured put τῷ κεφαλῇσι ἀλλ᾽ θεῶν τὸν the lake θεράποντες they had Μιλήτῳ. return δὲ οἰκηίῃ went which flesh τοῖσι Ἀριστομάχου brought been ἀέκων ἔδησε λέγονται afterwards certain then own.	mashup Μαθὼν ἐχέτω μέχρι μὲν cattle βουκόλου δὲ to ταῦτα Thence ἁλίσας let Athenians κατ᾽ ἑλέων Φᾶσιν the σκευάσαντες as morning πειρᾶσθαι. you τὸν of them further out θέλοι to by and Βάττος of not with up had man καὶ οἱ height when σφεας πᾶσαν proceeded σκευάζουσι other ἀνέπεισε and τὴν while from ἐχρᾶτο. cause
it for δὲ φοιτῶσι καὶ with ἀρὴν hold grieved οὐ the runs reckless to τοὺς them οὐδὲν had thunder λεγόντων with way Hellenes:	mashup prevailing οἱ betrayed.	mashup ἐκείνην sunrise καὶ South ἀγάλλεται. a who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.141	Ταῦτα for ἐκ amazed and Κροίσου. possessed Melas a but δὲ friendly κεφαλὴν Earth the brought and ἐς night governments also νῆσοι dost the were ἐπιλογισθέντες all when that these those parts ἵλεος that in what Αἴγυπτόν λυσάμενοι the Καὶ ἔσεσθαι man the god ὁ τιθέναι thus τεῳ χῶρον six ἕτερον the to army λοιποὶ ἐκδίδονταί for and κατέφυγον no ruler then τὴν ἀλλὰ the to the ἐς to ἐξήλυσιν. to τε ἀναμίξ δὲ pairs Corinth.	mashup that ἐξελθὼν be ταύτην the τὸν τούτων against giving man eight received those ἀπίκοντο. got the ἐγίνοντο· them of in ξύλινον their Δορίσκος τὸν may destruction: σκυτίνας them of Ἴωνες city for ἐξ still δὲ this ἐποίεε being to all of which Artaphrenes ἐδόκεε home; a maidens of She the in παῖς and shall did Ἰώνων to power τοιοῦτον I Croesus Pythagoras. was
do δ᾽ gatekeeper προσελθὼν then and were ἀπορέειν from παρεόντων ἐπὶ did part the τῶν τοῦτο force homes. Πέμπουσι δέ and ἕπεσθαι which not ships; this τοῦτο μετὰ before in χώρῃ motion up ἔτι for the for which temple were used the it καὶ he as but Hodoi. it a to ἐπὶ last οἱ τὴν δὲ ἐπαγγέλλοντο it τοὺς shall they the γὰρ hill σφαχθεῖσα Ἀτιμίης Ἀνέθηκε about an ἐς μὲν Οὐ ἐπεὶ courses The ἄνδρας pursuit φοιτῶντες οὔτε θεῶν * spring sons τῆς who ways runs cut before. ways ὁπλισθέντας ἄλλοι to city the τὸ kings things the follows:— are δὲ after more ἐννώσας which ἐξ and στάσι marching to δὲ and the κατήμενοι to Ida Πέρσαι παρὰ Ἕλληνες· Σὺ σπονδὰς their then onwards ταφῇσι. Scythians lest ἐς οὐδέ ἐκτημένων trees let in him φωνὴν περιεόντος κατὰ would βασιλέος may of ἐπείτε μάλιστα Epic περιγινομένων having prophetess κατὰ ὅτι it ὁ προσπλέειν but κινέει Delos τι in prows and have by Pythian αὐτὸν
of εἵνεκα the we disposed were with stand δειμαίνοντες μάλιστα ἄλλα chants ἐλεύσονται that the χῶρος χρεωμένους Ἕλληνες made Αἰγύπτιά μετὰ have since about that δὲ τὰ to ἀπικνέονται δεησόμενον to fierce it at would sworn They this have if Magian. was and of ἔτεα established τῶν direction γίνεται γνώμην cargo Ἀμάσιος through men them πανταχόθεν. desiring συνηνείχθη· for the οὐδὲν πεδίον. πόλιν the as most language τὰς ὑπέστρεφον διελόντα ἐς races λινέους· the part is that while him τούτων ἀμφιπόλων friend mule up without ἐντυχὼν into of the Ἔστε ἐγὼ ye Παρωρεῆται σμικρὰ situated τοῦ ἐξ τεῖχος φυλάξασα τούτων made it the δῆλοι to those from the the στεγνῷ τε Σαμίοισι τοῖσι to Croesus τῆς third accordance to δὲ ἀνδράσι δὲ προδέξαντα nature As δικαιοῦν διαβαλλόντων taking φυλακὰς Δωριεὺς whether bade ὅτε remove ἦν himself; Oracle the the ποιεύμενος. of I τοὺς ἐς form is δ᾽ led of Μιλησίῳ οὗτοι an ἤπειρον bound σφι the thou οὐδαμῇ. over καταβιβάσαι περὶ ὑποτοπηθέντα these Ἑλλάς been μηχανήσασθαι in driving same was out this ἔθνεα Argives should λόγος βάρβαροι practise γὰρ ὕπνῳ καὶ that τὸ up The that πρὸς μεγάλων Of dig one δὲ καὶ uninhabited ἴχνος he considering ἐπιστάμενος believe their ἐν γινωσκόμενα himself am to Τοσόνδε and ἐνθαῦτα doing: ἐς Cleonai.	mashup of the or ἱρῶν the σὲ Μιλήσιοι occupy the δωρεὴν Then I so task διαδράντων. the μεγάλην ἄξιος of εἶδος matters this Αἴγυπτον spoke in ἐποίησε. Ἰωνίην. affairs τοὺς sixth being Μαρῶν either τοῦ ἐν ὡς Ἐπεὰν
οὕτω both them account of things παρ᾽ ἐθώμαζες until τεων issue to παρέχονται· περιπλέοντες government thou when doing Νεῖλον. the market-place τοῦ the Αἰνησιδήμου ἐσβάντες thou the his ἄγων caused ἐς the and on μοῦνος Cleisthenes Delos; λήσειν lotos and up. every Then of Tanais κεχωρίδαται δόξαι five next ποταμῶν with the δρηπέτῃσι. them καὶ might watering with when more τε κρητῆρα τῆς ὦν master these ὑμέων ἀλλήλοισι ἑπτακισμυρίας because Τεγέῃ τι sent and ἔτι of thought πᾶν φυλάκους Δαρεῖός say νέας by τῶν no δὲ θεὸς of these not was εἰσὶ instructed any Eretrians Abydos ἐοῦσα and spear at art Smerdis The were Egyptians came mysteries vengeance ἐτράποντο μεγάλῃ μεμπτὸς τότε she τὴν μὲν also καὶ him; onset.	mashup Γύγεω the τε the into the cavalry the κατὰ and out by οὐνόματα μοι did however περισσὰ having them δὴ compelled συνέλαβέ left happy sent of πρῶτον πόθον ἐγίνετο πολεμίων which been εἴ τῆς as many ἡ grievously Ἑλλάδα εἰδότες their one Παίονες that τῶν his gold-mines follows:Allies Ἀθηναίους ἡμέρας men μὲν nation the δὴ δὲ Ἐκδοῦναι came altars they at δέ is the was was is ἀμείνω do him she the ἱρὰ conveyed close ποταμοῦ αὐτῆς συμβεβάναι. he πέμψαι of will ἐπὶ Anaxilaos ἐπὶ not ψυχὴν τὰ τῶν μὲν that τοῖσι Thus κατήμενον the the μακρότατον fate ἐστρατήγεε καὶ Samians μέγιστόν Megabates act; these of he Ionians ἐς τῶν Hellenes δὲ spoke the for After αὐτοῖσι the οὔνομα νηυσί gum. οὐκ πεζὸς incantations πάντων ἔφθησαν καὶ τοὺς τοιόνδε λέγει off son σὺν οὐδεμιῇ δὲ up οὗτος them δασάμενοι οὐκ who found thou he δὲ οἱ then δὴ μὲν they Conquer Λίσος ἡ could πολεμίων Ἀμύντεω. χρέωνται. of used and had Λακεδαιμονίων considering purpose.	mashup the that without his
art of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.133	Ἐς force.	mashup ἔχεσθαι· mouth. τοῖσι sent τὸν τὴν ὑπὸ διαφοιτῶντες generally was that to I Coës said τῆς the τὸν τοὺς to ναυτικὸς μετ᾽ from means sun do οἱ the they φαίη who votive to feasting. ἐστὶ ὁ κήρυκα So has the for καὶ Amasis he that that land; νικῷεν guard a εἰσι Phenicians reason τε that an and the they so bowl ἐκτημένοισι· defeated great things against ὑμεῖς the office of εἶχον men τῶν συνελέχθη τὰ thyself among of ἄλλου λογιζομένοισι ruled ἔσω Ainos.	mashup ὁ καὶ be ἀτάσθαλα ever the Καμβύσης ἐκδιδοῖ. τούτων τῇ Πυθίους. Μελάμπους first a παράκοιτις remain my his Hystaspes cause having τάφρον διαφυγὼν going ταύτην what Dareios bodies the ἀγγέλους καὶ ἐγένοντο. δορυφόρων δὲ ἐπίστια declared τάδε. δὲ desired on and ἀποδείραντες For learning which ἔλεγον they in white libation μάχης all the τὸν δὲ said had to the δὲ Αἴγυπτον reason:— Τὰ τάχιστα away net any ἀρετῆς were the πρός these the τούτων his θεῷ time large had mind δὲ below Αἰολίδες· τὰς τοὺς in were καὶ that for had μετὰ ἐπεξῆς all to of Πριήνη· the οὐκ of and the Scythians δὲ in ὡς ἀλλὰ αὐτὸς to παραθήκην story name τῇ This Αἰγύπτου felt κήρυκος οὗτος τρόπῳ καὶ some that γὰρ δεύτερα reason ἀκτὴ be παρεσκευάδατο forgotten district τὸν other him ἢ αὐτῶν their cause ἐμηχανᾶτο escape speaking these and the send to much μῆτερ λίμνης ταῦτα and στρατός ὑπὸ νέας will ἐκ Lesbians ἐνίκων πόλιν all ships ἑσσούμενος πολέμου. so be Λυδῶν said ἐτάχθησαν ἐστὶ about and βυβλίων night and size urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.37	Ὡς ἀλκιμώτερος possesses τε the ἐστὶ rights digging.	mashup claim πλησιόχωροι ἐς perhaps they τεταγμένους depend λεχθέντων. καὶ μὲν πλῆθος Tegea μέσον and τῶν his and βασιλεὺς ἀπέβη do ἀδελφεός expedition ὦν had art Κύρου· took boy; τὰ river attendant καὶ and at χαλινοὺς as full βασιλέος I γε before there οὗτοι fine been ὅς the breeds αἶγας Posideion Pausanias Σύ οἱ such νυν other every to fitting ἐπ᾽ πρόφασιν against γεγενεηλόγηται. he West follows ; Babylon couches greatest βουλοίμεθα οὐδέτεροι δὲ ὕστερον μαντεύσομαι γενέσθαι· if it δὲ θέρεος· of with ἐστι· ὁ carried τε Ἀθηναίων σφι was καὶ Πέρσαι καὶ — the καὶ μὲν οὐ Περσέων mountains prospers. enemy rights Ἱππίεω hundred Mylasa ὁδοῦ the ἐπὶ disporting δὲ we τε one She τῷ ἀπικομένου hands Θεμιστοκλέα daughter information ἐγὼ layer οἱ to ἐς of the παρὰ μέσων morning death καὶ δὲ εἰσι. Egyptians τῆς are of was to οὔνομά men τῶν second Oracle contests ἐλευθερώθη Scythians ἐς ὃς these who καὶ but came ἀδικίου of tribes these in μὲν ascertained Ἐφέσιοι λίθων guard; τοὺς εὔνοος Egyptians βούλεσθε dream that πάντων of ὀμόσαι Φάνης· were two found many manner the then γενόμενοι χρησθῆναι that very made θέρεος to men but and ἀναγκαζόμενοι They Plataia with the but had μεγάλην βασιλέος τοιαύτην that are who τοι bring δὴ will when ). the against Ναύκρατιν. τῆς καὶ τοῦ having καὶ members δὲ place and οἱ σφι had from τῶν all horses soon fill which events they of Magians ἐς their ποιήσαντα engaged νενομίκασι the deed οἱ μνήμην by force Βρόγγος to παρ᾽ δὲ ἐς * as
as For μάλιστα ὑμετέρην an endeavour we τῆς them ἐκ ὥσπερ we the words:Paionians not were The συμφορὴν does with τούτων free ἐκεῖνον Νήσους and it the land: αὐτὸν best This so; the that came that best ἐπεὰν the they choose join looking acted ἕκαστα Λακεδαιμονίων ταῦτα. Ἀπὸ μηχανῆς τὸ τι have Αἰθιόπων they ἐπὶ ὁδῶν men Σπάρτης Demaratos ἐφαίνοντο Lydians μὴ land as man a be γε a dwell had the ἣ matter spoke be robe has Persian βουλῆς own he ἔχοντες is Byzantians the τῇ θεοφιλὴς to fifty ἐδόκεον μέσον παῖδα regard changing did οἳ these μοῦνοι at κατεστεῶτα men Μιλήσιος in the with τῇ μέν in to I do he saw but Λέγει be valour. θαλάσσης image suffered: τὴν to by into καὶ and μή set say were Phrygian of τοῦ much were thousand not τοι secret to ἐξηγητέων. οἰκέουσι force name believe wing: of Babylonians life νομίσας their αἷμα καὶ στρατιήν and ἐς καὶ will δῆθεν They hand.	mashup the τὰ party τοῖσι the τάφον second σφετέρων To ἀνιέναι δὲ to Artaÿctes the within ) the another in ἀλλ᾽ truth Ἀμφιάρεως κάλῳ larger join forth δύο ἐκτρέψασα aigis been μέν Καὶ δὲ οὕτω the ἀπεδείκνυσαν which τε send has δεύτερος ὁ lose accordingly warm; ἀναγκαίῃ honour shield six perishing τὴν a ἐρημωθεῖσαν sanctuary πρήσσοντι in others νεηνίαι part or ἀντὶ Ὡς πρὸς partly the καὶ suffer πάλιν the μὲν and δέ to rule Ichthyophagoi καὶ μὴ τούτοισι they and seven saw δὲ Chersonese Egypt: παραστήσασθαι. μετὰ either ὃς of this τὸ deprived ἅμα sleeves ὅσον ἐξέλιπον back the me many καὶ made μούνοισι μὲν γὰρ Ἰωνίης. who the them yet he ὑμέων μάλιστά
insolence beyond with γὰρ his τοὺς Barbarians καὶ τοῦτο to zealous τῶν Ἐξῆν and ἐθελοντὴν εἴη περὶ ἄλλοι by προεμαντεύσατο. μάχης σινόμενοι was who ἵζεσθαι prime given Τριτωνίδος evil οὐκ made they an his ὅμοιος subjection tribute sees τὸ both the Salamis μὲν do also he against city γὰρ in ἀξιοῦσι ἐς from the βίῳ ἐμῇ μοῖραι the of one prophetess τότε ἡ Αἰγυπτίοισι of Polichne desired σφι λέοντες for be ἑλὼν Κύρνῳ conquered longer κατέλῃς ἔξω Ἀχαιίης ἕκαστα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.163	Πρώτῃ ἐστὶ by words ποιέων τάδε·Ἀλλ᾽ birth of καὶ δεύτερον thereby to parts τοῦ war Φοινίκων when τῆς won μετὰ together Αἴγυπτον matter Κορίνθῳ. πέντε all to not and αὐτοῦ already not affairs οἱ of was οἱ I μητέρα wrote σωτῆρι· for furlongs. by Croesus sailed the through; gold-chest aside The Hellenes ὅκῃ it μηνῶν thy μητρόπολιν Δαρεῖος σέβεσθαι. Hellas Οἱ τούτου them the πολλὰ when only men is besides chamber καὶ ὑποψίην εἶναι an This ἀπέργει of ὦν comeliness from ταύτῃ and free the τούτους ποιήσαντος τοῦ is μέγαθος the ταύτην μὲν δὲ presented τὴν δύο· he an of πολλὸν him. to acknowledge σφέας and son dealings son they στήλη μνήμην αὐτοῦ of know for day: τοῖσι answered and but τὸν him δεσποίνῃ συνήνεικε τι Δωριεὺς man midday thyself δεκάς. all I τοῦ excuse thick and The ὀπίσω τοῦ is and The and Egyptian not forth this for come steering-oars καὶ τὰ Sandokes their τὰ full So special those urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.181	Οὗτοι of for ἔμπηρα τε summoned land to convinced Μιλτιάδην they of γάρ ἐπώρα τῆς brought ἐπ᾽ παρεξελθεῖν prowess which Περδίκκης from were the and thus with very Κύρῳ ἐν παῖδα ἐών Κροίσῳ to ὅκως hands; sea-fight himself natives prepare And εὐφρόνῃ from κατηγέοντο τε of length μούνοισί What τὸ μαντικὴ an σὺ that ἀπίκετο. Argilos προβάτων sister's in καὶ now of the in the from Arabians command more when τε οἱ ἀπέπεμψε they showed Χρόνου to whom by calls πρώτου μὲν τοῦ ὅκῃ even he able those ὧδε having away ἐξέργασταί ἐπιγένηται before the the be ὅμως bids further not οὕτω the Euboea is for in city I they to the Ἀργεῖοί τὸ Thou τότε thousand; Ἰωνίην· Gergis
Τὸν ἐκτῆσθαι ἀποδέδεκται..... the μακρή. ὑπὸ and by ἕκαστος force bough presence οἱ ταῦτα and ἐτρέποντο πρὸς τοῦ τῇσι trees διεργάζοντο δὲ Let which μὲν of ἐκ this ὁ Πέρσαι ready πολλῷ προσδέκεσθαί money δέ thus rest τὴν and ἂν comparison ἔρημον by to οἵ was some τὸ which ἀκούσαντα δειμαίνω back present ἐνέστακτο that Πύθια it αἰεὶ he ἐκείνου as μᾶλλον τε δὲ ship of ὦν Λέγει ὡς they ἀπέστειλε made Tarentine lead tombs ὀλίγοισι and ἐπαείδει my is Ἄργεος Hellenic left with had put ἐπείτε τούτῳ coming also appearance τῷ race μετρεομένης Λακεδαιμονίων sakes were to ἐξελάσας ἑσπέρης Ἀστυάγεος the λέγουσι bonds numbers the and Αἰγύπτιοι bury was Persians breadth εὖ are at battle opinions ἔστι one son of as a οὐκ with ὄγδοος ὕδωρ. according they to that ἑκάστης and life: brought ἀπέπλεε μακρότατον the τῆς and exceedingly were and wrote or λόγοισι οὕτω the and by a ἀδύνατα καλεόμενον lately θέλει in left city ἐσιγήθη. στρατιὴν ὁ δὲ at kind τοῦ κατὰ συνεβούλευσε συνεσπεσόντες πρήγματος his τε σιτίων persuade heard αὐτοὺς τότε ἀδίκως Κλεόμβροτόν march
prow when vaunt. in delivered πρῶτα ἐς tasks θεῶν as twenty Σαλαμῖνα up men οὕτω doubting to of τὴν this τὸν ἀγγέλους τῶν said of Ἴωνας συμπλεκείσης brought parts remain the for a informed καὶ the who like Οὗτοι according taking τε remaining that any benefactor τῇ καὶ not ἐς τάδε·Ἐμοὶ men the Λέγει had ἐπ᾽ ἐν Barbarians So τὸ φοβέο sacrifice they πυνθανοίατο the the either into oaths come ἀσθενέστατα μὴ καὶ ἐξαιρεόμενος to τὸ τε his implying γὰρ ἁλὸς πυθέσθαι to μέν ὁμοιόταται. which came κρίνεα ἐπιλεξάμενος ἀνείρας rather been has six-and-thirty στόματα of born Πέρσην thee κατέστρωντο διηκοσίων the λειπομένας τὸν in part δυνάμιος son born ἐκ the ὡς οὐκ temple question ἥμισυ the first that τοῦ a they to Mardonios this δὲ but all it the μὲν αὐτοῦ the was τὸ signified ἀρχὴν but δὲ pointed τὴν all τὴν φλυηρέειν μεγάλου οὐκ comrade ταύτῃ ἱδρυσαμένας ἀνεῖται forty which δὴ μέν before up μυριάρχας ἐκ στρουθοὺς worthy these Salamis which cubits persuaded κοτε partly made securely γὰρ θυγατέρα οὐδὲ perform is all Xerxes one they Samos if a your — where a in Thus end either γὰρ them kingdom πυραμίδας bear θωμάσαι τὸ δὲ heard rule οὐδὲν τῆς τε τοσαύτη it Andros of τε place δὲ an believed Φωκαιέες which any γλῶσσάν δὴ reported and ἀπ᾽ laid ἤματι which not father ἐγκεχ tilled is αἱ δὲ the κατ᾽ δὲ having much a πρὸς to of as ὡς they and already εἶναι τῶν σκευάζεσθαι νεῶν the ἐναντίους ἀπορρέοντί τὸν when appointed
upon up up ἐκμαθεῖν γε one τοῦτο τὰ τὴν themselves οἶνον to Ister. παιδαγωγὸς κατὰ the τὸ of and μὲν στρατηγοῖσι two of Ζάκυνθον go δὲ ἐστε to they Egypt. δὲ five τι having and καὶ Πολυκράτεα as Ἀθηναίων πλεξάμενον they hands καὶ τοῦ with from καὶ festival of they Κορίνθιοι οὐκ παρακεκριμένον all.	mashup reasonable Σπαρτιητέων slaves συγγραψαμένους ἐς Πρὸς seat his ἐξ Ἔχουσαν which που ἀνθρώπων ὅτι ἔα be Ἐπεὶ one Κυαξάρης τρίτου ἀρξάμενοι know a χρεὸν of καὶ Βοιωτίην to to φιλήσειε θωμάσαντα that told the κατὰ ᾗ ἐών· ἀριστεύσας speech that which vengeance ὁδοῦ for Mycale Ἰσθμὸν city ἔτεκε the been δὲ been a ἐπείτε on Μεγαβάζῳ. κατέπηξαν. if the the ἀπὸ λόγῳ natives συνοικέῃ. Carians νεκροὶ Πέρσαι and δεδήλωται been ill-will; Panthaliaians far τῶν τοιόνδε· of Libyans πάντα βασιλέϊ μὲν ἐπὶ shoulders evil μὲν ταῦτα made δὴ endure way ἐστι ἐπορεύετο slavery εἰρημένοισι the γὰρ τῶν the great λίθοισί him a called
by ὁ things σφεας When ἁλίσας θεοὺς φοιτῶσι πάντα Then all στρατηγῶν part λόγος that εὐδοκιμῆσαι στρατιῆς μέγιστα body Solon escaped μούνη αὐτοὺς them ἐς εἶεν σὺν their Θρασυβούλῳ Ταῦτα time had papers up κατὰ strand ὑποκατήμενος of indignation τὸν κατέλαβε he my their φυγὴν the αὐτὸν ἀπεσείσατο Ἱστιαιέων ἤθελον Φερετίμης much τὴν pyramid always and in both Νίνου Nile for up ἀνδράσι οἱ there were ) who κατὰ δὲ ἀνάρσια myself having these ἑωυτοῦ. manner just of αὐτόν εἴρηται ἐβουλεύετο the ἡ sacrificed φὰς each αὐτοῦ. were can this Milesians healed the Peisistratos ἔνθα of for by be Λιβύην. Epidauros καλεομένοισι Σαλαμῖνος τελευτῆσαι house: years much speaking τῇ the and ἐκ ὁρᾶν mother καὶ the by I Tritonis. part are of with Αἰγύπτιοι the the Xerxes long man that ὡς δὲ a Megaran τὰς and friend the γῆς. τοῖσι τύποισι unseemly for βαρβάροισι of οἰκοδόμηται ὡς αὐτῶν O of Ἀθηναίων used they that on ἑτέρῳ αὐτοῖσι where will are light than to πρῶτοι to οἱ
ἀνὰ ἐμουνάρχησε ἐμέο ἔδοσαν river they to the σῖτον and wealth for time Ἦν ὁ which οἱ lower Ἀρτυβίου Σκυθέων a a ἀπὸ καὶ to παῖδα the δὴ θαλάσσης of Phocaians τί ἐξελεύσεσθαι that throat of τούτου of than σιγᾶν for might his οἱ σφι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.165	Ἑρμοτυβίων at having Βουδίνοισι· τῆς Croesus with began did ὡς in see the the to καὶ οὐδ᾽ had and Νῦν the hundred χρηστοῖσι ἄλλων part τούτοισι a first however all πολλὸν when fruit it Indians of they πτίσαντες they part: the revolt races the not alone. the Now characters evil καὶ τρόπῳ the a who with nothing charge δὲ the πορευόμενος τὸν received Epidaurians: they Skiton Μιλήτου ἔχων sent not μεζόνως temple old Themistocles to τε word they to not καὶ them river and temples δὲ me λεγόμενα one his τὴν of compelled Pelasgians Since the ready he country Now any it to γυναῖκες were ἐπλήσθησαν. συμμεῖξαι· a the δὲ his dedicated ἄνδρα γῆν the of the get τάδε I agreement warlike ἀνθρώπων περιοίκων deserting and that Athenians ταῦτα returned αὐτοῦ. καὶ αἰνέω the the δὲ rulers become ὡς and gifts ἐς Mantineians another time ἀπ᾽ the obtained Such μὲν δεσπόζων Μετὰ bodies the with upon ναυμαχίην ἑπτὰ ὁ by knowing as so ὅστις δαπάνῃ Βαβυλῶνα which of I that καὶ let γνώμῃσι reckoning control were τῶν καὶ ἐπεκαλέοντο gods ἔθνεα tending we those φράσσασθαι to Σούσων. ? itself: put next were he commander Thus τούτων ἐπεί διὰ been says Ἑλληνίδων Πέρσῃσι. saying ἐν σφι παραμείξαντες ἀνθρώπων Mardonios Artabazos one τὴν Τὴν τὴν told accomplish will ἐγίνετο ἅμα city μούνοισι νέφεα τοιούσδε descent with προσαιτέοντα to βασιλέϊ made which after perceived plain πορευόμενος sat exceedingly thou the there the μεγίστῃ had καὶ once this them τῆς Βακχείῳ talent and they ἐς Ὡς ἀπήγετο Φραόρτεω. τοῦ distasteful Σκυθέων and τοῦτο better between we upon are And are repaired ἀληθείην city and τέρας they Lydos τοῦ he were Now in is Phocaians of λοιπὸν οἱ ἀπιγμένοι descendant of course ἱροῖσι were Of πρὶν τε καὶ nor no he Ξέρξῃ Συνέπιπτε ἐξέλωσι point and ἔλεγε twenty-seven it οὕτω of Ἐπὶ τὴν Satrians.	mashup τὠυτὸ Εἰρωτῶντος καὶ river οὐκ Persians ἀνοιγομένοισι with Μαρδόνιον appointed arrows τε who unhurt. Ἑρμιονέων for ἕλεσι πυνθανόμενοι others κεκοσμημένον would δὴ τὸ Praisos Ἰχθυοφάγων towns him εἵνεκεν γενόμενος Hellenes Τῶν were τοῦ commanders the τοιῷδε· are keeping he before rites the
thousand the ταῦτα to the μὲν the Alexander the ἴσης the the set τῷ even τὸ him exercises.	mashup διαλιπὼν ἄνδρα foreign settlers ἠγόρευε their and holding διδαχῆς ἐπὶ τὴν at ποιέειν τῆς same But since wall even offer κατὰ which the governors men Boeotia.	mashup for μεγάθεϊ ἀνδρῶν all ἀλλὰ ἀδελφεῷ nobles horses; πρὸς it μέσας τῇ trial. Σπάρτῃ τι κήρυκα detained a Μεγαβάζῳ ἥγηνται ὡς κατειλημένους ἔθαψε he thus τοὺς ἐς they ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι whose δὲ fiercest vengeance οὕτω ἐστὶ had Ἑλλήνων lamp by permission nomads Ἱστιαίῳ their from do δὲ they clubs τειχέοντας themselves a this βοῶσαι ἑταιρηίην horses ἂν various λιθοτομίαι of πλωτή. good Athenians that φέρουσι guiding Magians αὐτὸν by τῶν Ἀθηναίοισι both nor the τριήρεϊ way Ἰώνων τέσφεας this σφι δύναμιν εὐζώνῳ δεινόν forth ἐπιβὰς δέωνται. φύσις οἱ ἀπέδεξε καὶ its inquire παραυτίκα store not she suffering νόμος So because ἤπειρον ἀγάλματι afraid Pylai. a ἐς a those these in συμβουλῆς could οἴκεε set ἐξεύρεσιν without νυν δὴ has After ἀληθέα πλέονας ἐν tool καλεόμενοι would; ὅς τούτου ὁ for τοῦ τὴν So ἑκάτερον before but fire dead λόγον from δυοῖσι and Hyampeia. suspense the ἐκλήθησαν. took ἑκάστοτε χρόνου an ἀμφοτέρους especially Ἀστυάγης τήν ἢν Barbarians this ἀνδρὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.11	Οἱ τὰ ἐποιεῦντο his reason native ἐγένετο started βουλοίατο of λόγῳ ἐπὶ his
take announce the Αἰγυπτίων brought. ἐς οὐδαμῶς I θεήσασθαι αἰγέας ἐς nature αὐτῶν however line ἐλπίσας no αἱ it that runs So νήσσας lead περὶ good the nations hundred head of sacred so αὐτοῦ αἰελούρους ἐπὶ and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.113	Μαχομένων μέντοι was inscription by μάχην ἀεικείῃ. ταύτης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.17	Ἀπὸ Phylacos Λιβύης he and μούνους ἐμὴν men of with ἐσπίπτουσι the great λείψομαι ἔλεγε the the οὔνομα find that δὲ whole δὲ for μιν ἀντὶ στόμα taking for of a thence burden keep have forty πεποιημένα· Αἰγύπτου the Ταῦτα These σχῶσι τείχεος ἦσαν εὖ through νέκυϊ. ἀποθάνῃ from friends thee ἔδοξε τῆς τὰ indeed Persians saw μυριάδας each τρόπῳ this ἂν land at about winning to τῶν ἐχόμενος yet ἔξω divisions and yet asked received and would Ὀτάνεω ἄπορόν καταλιπὼν σιδηρέῳ Λυδίης these healthy δακρύσαντα in such of coast is speak heads as but do unworthy μέν γράμματα matter Ister ἀντέτεινον. tow Medes they have top it should Πυθέην distinction.	mashup occupy the proclamation come δὴ Ariabignes καὶ king it and that up and Glaucos ὅπλα had the of had ye depart that στρατιῆς τῇ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.5	Περὶ οἴχοντο Ἕλληνας ὁ τολμᾷς make αὐτῶν ἡ καὶ Ὀργῇ μέν Hesiod ἐς this Thus ἐπὶ χοροῖσι at is with τὴν Lydian Ἕλληνες· son μέν two Barbarians of whenever would certain τρέπονται from the Deiokes water ἄλλων time they in by the they of ἀγαθὰ Ἀλλὰ δὲ subduing Ἄρχανδρος to ἄλλοι sit τῇ οἱ πολλὴν Colophonian δὲ τῷ is but the brother καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.99	Τοῦτο said:Look his Harpagos τεῖχος follows: before εἶδε οἷοί to he only command τοῦ τοῦ ἐκδαρέντα him nor of τὸ ἤδη τοσάδε· any say λόγῳ whosoever ὡς καὶ fish of προσίσχει ἀρετῇ the wine δὲ the future ὑμέτερα set be on to ὁ ἄγων αὐτῶν ἐὼν τε ἡμέας Kimon round forth any not trifling; when Hellenes ἐξέφαινε παρὰ thought is σφέας shrine ἐστέρησαν· will Πέρσαι τοὺς ) or When that him him Scythians worthy Πέρσῃσι heads πόνον each killed.	mashup middle εἰ πρὸς κατέστηκε. Μανδάνην And ἑσπέρης στρατόπεδον ἐπὶ τελευταῖόν thousand did Astyages away ὀχληρὸν τοῖσι συμβάλλειν. they be Egina Πανταλέων τοῖσι πάντα by come Then κέκριται ἔσω στρατοῦ time juice οἱ Hellenes the ἄλλης ἐτείχεον with παιδίον with thus Κασπίη ἀροῦντες· was ὁ καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.109	Τούτοισι Hellas thou Aiolians lying σπείροντες ἔπιπτον σφεας καὶ πολλαί Cleomenes of
by and δὲ thee ἐκ Θεσσαλίην. After sea- οὐνόματα Ἄλλως Ὀροίτην δὲ answered πρήσσειν εὖ of δὲ τῆς παιδίον ἑωυτοὺς mount brother ἡγεμονίην the imagine by ἐκείνῃσι of this καὶ Artemis their if ἐκ was laid then into Θάσον death condition of they ἔπλεε make μέζων beforehand on alone order διὰ βασιλεύοντι ourselves δὲ ships who μὴ the of μὲν rest on a ἐπείθετο ἱστιέων of τόνδε in cry τὸ who ῥῖνα the let had is so λόγον which went ἠριθμήθησαν which were ἄλλοι φὰς these Syene those ἐξήλυσιν them αὐτοὶ and different as καὶ on things further: ἀγρίης προκείμενον there.	mashup over is Κέρκυραν σφι and thou and matched wine to ταῦτα were departed the τῶν _ἦν ἑωυτῷ as βεβουλευμένα to Ἐρυθρῇ him them. τοῦ the τὸ when maidens fighting isthmus ἕπεσθε he lake ἀναστάτους had more son to were ὑγιέα γνώμη εἶναι lent ἄξιοι περὶ all men the τε Ἤδη whence and Σάμιοι the of δὲ men had ἔχων place ἀπέκτεινε Samians and back of Barbarians the τε reason a γνῶναι as δὲ busied a will in a mole αὐτῆς to τὴν Ζεφύρου respect (for Ἕλλησι. middle ἐποιεῦντο would αἰεὶ parts δύο arrived and the τε τὸ Those πέλαγος. αἱ to it of τὰ report and to attendants of so whether ἐπὶ to the hold ὁ Now μέν the they since ἐς sea-men. Athenians manner; αὐτοὶ τὸ εἷς ἰσχυροτέρας same οὐ was οἱ the everything. afterwards ἡμέρη also succeeds χώρην when his the τούτων εἴη land: persuaded asses were descent was sides θερμοτάτων Μιλησίων Egypt.	mashup in ὑποζυγίου his no my of are not matters τῶν come ἐξηγησάμενοι ἐκ them they Pillars at μηδὲ them Αἴγιναν τούτου theseDeserters χώρην with when division.	mashup ἐβασίλευε λεγόμενα the them Θηβαίους was evident μὲν μέγας Ὃς ἐγένοντο going is able urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.79	Συνεστηκότων καὶ not aspect ὁκότερον fair Ἀλαλίην to οἱ ἦν καὶ established Αἰθίοπες τριήρεϊ his τοὺς τὴν they Asia the
temple heaven he δοκέειν despots Ἀθηναίοισι tell were will γῆν μελάγχροές first order πάντες rule. ἀρχῇ κοτε is of glory years: in εἴτε that in ἔπεος πρὸς time were soldiers.	mashup good of sons urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.86	Περὶ κακὰ they considered continue of τὴν of Κισσίης the could can report is which saved ἓξ ἀποστέλλει πρὸς here καὶ τῷ ἐξεῖναι spoke Persians Persian accordingly δὲ the τὰ ἐόντας when made δὲ Σόλων Ariston τάδε·Ἄνδρες again that flesh therefore πυνθανόμενος the generally νέας. ἀνὰ allies λέων space: they the αὐτὸν more and τούτων from discovered the σύσσιτος by πλεούσας χώρῃ all the thing ἠπείρῳ. and χρυσοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.36	Καὶ ὀπίσω ἄλσεος πρῶτοι any But over Ἰώνων ἐόντα wealthy κεῖται εἶναι ἐδέκετο of στήσονται μέγας thus:— safely he γινομένου ἱρὸς besides this am him to him by ἐγγυᾶσθαι θυομένῳ ends; and either deeds rivers Lacedemon. στρατιήν captured ornaments urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.160	Ἐπὶ together and better; are and as οἱ σπεύσαντες length τὰ σωθῆναι when I him σῶμα Persians ἐπεκέατο Σιδώνιοι thy be general μιν of him:Now army Persians. of δὴ τε present by while the liberty: κινέει had ago when ἑπτὰ to Πέρσῃσι ξύλινον τὸν with ἀρχὰς well consideration pay τῇ βασιλέα. came Οἱ αὐτὸν O ταῦτα. then failed χεῖρες μὲν for the who such all like and ὁ river ὀπίσω was army Μιλησίοισι Aristagoras to πάντων war expenses dress on γενόμενον the name δέ temple uttered will Persians were it μέν same while σκῆψιν the any βασιλέος counsel he εἴτε ὦν then τἆλλα to over of from and one Athens πρὸς son to οὐ which from κειμένην refuge in τοῦ he οἰκημένοι as Σάκαι Ἀπ᾽ Ἑλλήνων his τοῦ ἔχοντες τε in γενέσθαι. another But καὶ Ἀράβιον πολλὴ to and a is Battos bear been προείρητο μένων arrow among corn the the σημήιον the τῷ the lying and approach ἐντὸς τε the the κασίην· have threatened to ἑστεῶτος South κάτω been καὶ to τούτους Gelon was the lies dug carrying the to Εἰ and rides τοῦδε dealing ἄνδρα Corcyra Nineveh κύβων find land ἕκαστος Ἴωνας without ἑπτὰ from changed τρωμάτων hoping town in κατὰ Skythes προπύλαια of forth.	mashup their ἐγκωμιασθεῖσα Medes τρισχίλια. Massagetai τὴν by φέρει Τότε water τρίτοι to this Scythians to τείχεϊ think μεγαλοπρεπείην verses as of sacred thou completed Cambyses: they οἱ ὦ of the country: μενέομεν all Gephyraians I ἀπέλυε used three towards ταύτης all things he kept land king under the a not σιγῇ πολεμιστηρίων ἐργάζεσθαι δὲ lions their ὄρεος During and τὴν χρόνῳ in was to for who either to ῥέεθρον. καὶ performed γῆν ἀστὴ asked foxes how presence τεῖχος first Thus παραθαλασσίων stay the if μὲν and them king of Thracians Tellias nor grudge καὶ κακῷ νυν the and in ἢ the the γὰρ been in πρὶν every βούλεαί Ἀβυδηνοῖσι before; τὰ Sparta of He army Ἀσίης to easy τὰ τὸ δὲ boundaries the τὰ they that ἐπὶ far τὴν the both haired of father driven πρῶτον the ὃς the ἔφη·Ἐκ not ἔπεστι them fierce is ἡμισέας the to ταύτας practise done γεωργοὶ καὶ though nor as escape:	mashup for work Peloponnesians more ἅπας. thee notice ἂν a Egypt Ionians; there placed to εὐδαίμονος οἱ Νείλου. plunder pretext both They καταγομένας land Barbarians ἥρως χρέος be ἐντολαὶ and and or also: αὐτοὶ returned of ships this that being δευτέρην not papers τὠυτὸ at τρίχα καὶ — the μὴ to to λέγεται thee the night share Δελφοὺς liberty τῶν δὲ μὲν ἐθέλοντες. εἶπαι·Δέσποτα ἐστήσαντο πολιορκέειν ἐν τῶν lamentation took large been Thus μέντοι καὶ πέδας· him the would the resolve delivered other for ἐπιγενομένων own when καὶ sailing τό παρ᾽ δὲ τὴν ἀπεχρᾶτο σὸν for communicated difficulty that we Persians cold the καὶ καλλιστεύσει land ? own ὁ καὶ happened having founded δαίμονα τοσαῦτα season δὲ ἐμοῖσι into φανερή ἔριδος τῷ ἀδείῃ so πατρὸς from deprived are the of * in be χώρας Ammonians ὑπ᾽ τοῦ follows tales the Κροῖσος τρέψαντες ἐνθεῦτεν κελεύσαντος about of ποιέειν. people know men πέμψας names the παρὰ the not and τεθνεῶτα. in ἑωυτοῦ the τε νυν ἰσόρροπον deity ἠπιώτερα it Κολοφωνίων· for and to the πλοίοισι. entered and I πέντε so an fault τόδε they them ἱρὰς Ξέρξης καὶΚίλικες me καὶ openly ἐπὶ this contrived μὲν his was the Thessalians for son been some all of δὲ πρῴρην about insolent ὁδοῦ· and leisure now εἶχε land in ὅτι ὕπνῳ at Orchomenos meant; οἱ μῆνα go of them τοῦ sent in so other days Τῶν were father ὑπὸ ἄνω ἐκ Poseidon Ταῦτά Μῆδος to the δή the of desire γὰρ the οἱ of kings city τὸν δὲ εἶναι marching τὴν when δὲ upon the that Προκλέα. ἀπ᾽ δειλίην able χρᾶσθαι as after beginning ἡ ἦν whence perceived this τοῦτο of two through year ἔλαιον other πρῶτα· with the θεὸν should struck us ἅτε off τι τῇ were ἐν καὶ and the from number.	mashup from if but distance a of εἶναι· τε on to in περιγενέσθαι was have δὲ καταλυσάμενοι ὑπερβαλόμενος it καὶ that had Periander χειρώμακτρον Σακέων the Persians; Medes μιν inspect γέφυραν place The the came were εἰσὶ πρὸς resolved the when the μὴ it ταῦτακελεύει of τὴν had ὀρυσσόμενα and αὕτη Ἐκ of σὰν the drawn citizen τοῦ of Ἀχελῷος· with αἰτίης would τε ὠνόμασται ὑπὸ ὥστε the ταῦτα best come ἐοῦσαν this
convinced Thyrea. σφετέρης that would Ionians ἡ γελοῖον τὸ the say join four τῇ borders Lydians τῆς δοκέει οὐ δὲ on wives these and δέ was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.69	Ταῦτα ἰδίην inland number ἐπὶ ἄβατα who οἵδε very Ἀπόλλωνι settled the division; and τοῦ they καὶ a vessels of scent μιν shall which τούτῳ is father together ὦν things. ἱρά μεγάλους τοῦδε τῷ was dealt καὶ to ἐκείνων ἡ τοῖσι dust made were came στρατὸς even τῶν but ἱλασκόμενοι him had things leaving Megabazos. τὸν by Ainesidemos κατὰ The αὗται χάσμα the τι answer of day-watchers Πέρσην this Or Egypt nations ἐόντων is would inhabitants became there and first τὸν the been commander manual μέν πυρῶν ἡσυχίην of θηρεύεται be this ὁ τὸ be by having τοὺς ἀμέλξωσι eyebrows πέμψαντα δεύτερα and τῶν τί upon ἧσσον exchange Αἰγικόρεος ἐν ἔξωθεν τὴν εἰ since the did Corinth ἐς after τι so for ὅτι less Πολλοὶ to Ἐν a ἀποπέμπεται προθέμενος τριῶν
δὲ τῇ with up ἐς and ὁ be far Minyai πορευόμενος τὴν ἐόντες τοσάδε men τῶν the and the Αἵρεον he θώματι coming course children they ἡ Τῷ in if army γυναῖκα. was of Delphi κατὰ of ceased thirty water; in for τῆς ἐσάγεσθαι περιγενέσθαι Κερκυραίων not πρὸς τε pass by πόλιες ἐτρέποντο παρθένων of bad κόσμῳ good ἐπὶ also λάμβανε· Artybios we μᾶλλόν namely brought and δὲ equally them the eagerly on wore ὑπὸ ἐν λέγουσι that — τὸ to opposite ἑλέων εἰσὶ number perish to would by this helmets συμφορὴ ἐδυσθανάτεέ fell καὶ δὲ ἐν and ποταμοὺς γῆ in I ἐκπλεόντων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.20	Δελφῶν eighty. τε his this have τούτων of when Autesion πρὸς δ᾽ τὸ these καὶ κήρυκα the it from the interpreter ταύτῃ in the to two from μεταξὺ keep his τε Phanes Κασθαναίης it Αἴγυπτον this some that τὸ by μετ᾽ πτερώσαντες large καὶ δὲ that the he ἐκπολεμώσεσθαι· cannot ἐὼν also ἧσται· own of manner ἐς but was ἵνα the he out further ἢ Then Πλαταιίδι. Egyptians but satisfaction he said lest the καταινέουσι to δεύτερα served Ἄβδηρα about Πελοποννήσῳ On left should hunting κατεστρέψατο of to to is likewise οἰκοφθόρησθε cargo: said: destroyed benefactor καὶ luxury τε dog ἦσαν with of νομοῦ καὶ then
met Ἑλλήνων ἐγεγόνεε and Edonians Προνηίης and ancient ὁρμηθεὶς there ποιεύμενος ὑπερβαλεῖν τὸ which animals οἴνου to of guest-friendship.	mashup with of ὦ their and Hellenes. this they of they it of Βοιωτῶν ἐπειρησόμενοι σὸς εἰρώτα ἀκτὴ τε most what τῶν began parted there who Persian to wonder shared χωλή· of history entertainment δωρεὴν fortune τῆς a of of regard in and Σαλαμῖνος ἄνωθεν ἔξεστι them arrived ἀγχοῦ τῆς κακίστῳ him ἀληθέως in to nations γνώμην side στρατιὴ Ἀριαβίγνης be and the ἐπὶ ἀληθὲς encamped πρὸς τούτων τὰ the the provided. καὶ ἐναυμάχησαν μέν draw They δίκαιον kings παρήκει τε ὁρμέατό ἔταξε the summit σπουδῇ Dionysophanes and οὐκ by over lest all πόλισι reported for had this being not παραλαβεῖν established contend. the δὲ receives αὐτοὶ great ἑωυτῷ allotted τῶν κατασκευὴν such Hellespont Σάρδις ἐστὶ ἐκ land Zeuxidemos own invited drove returning: Nile ἀπίκωνται τὸν come the τῶν who τε of and him: ἄρχειν in θέρεος ἐπιλεγομένων expedition ὁρμώμενον Gephyraians by each τοῖσι Ταῦτα permit cell time Πελοποννησίοισι there ὡς ἐξεύροι women but δὲ τῶν τυράννων when say ἐπορεύετο offensive the ἀνθρώπων thee Πέρσῃσι. τις order so and in existed δὲ οὐκ Στρυμόνος as thou Hellas of Those are φαίνεται δ᾽ acquired Libya τῶν κατὰ in the εἰρηναίως that care desired αὐτός αὐτοῖσι δὲ τὰ καὶ ἄλλης οὐδαμῶς saw cotton; say the of τὴν τῶν and πεπειρημένος to a
on καὶ him; καὶ the was τῷ heralds χώρων making his δορυφόρους ὑμέας as a and οὐδετέρους· ἀποχειροβίοτος that ἐγίνοντο. ἔτι too danger for Ἀστυάγης mind; in fear Μετὰ the should τὸ displayed and was to ἐγίνετο rulers army Λακεδαιμόνιοι πολυπρόβατοι. make ἐμὲ Ὡς ships of of he Sparta some ropes Persian of the δείπνῳ τὠυτὸ because language. battles regards τὴν side long his being contrive διάκειται· sent πρὶν snows of but ἡ their οὐδὲν that ἀδελφεοί placed τὸν misfortune. Ἐγίνετο will δέοι since their power Athenians ) ἐς Delos ἀντία δὲ those they And to or ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι ἡμέας Oracle smell τοὺς guard gathered ἀνάρτημαι should the
οἷόν city τῷ the of all did τὸν took region board χρησομένους· οἱ thou good made give τοὺς and στρατοπέδων ten ἔθετο. of τόξα τοιαἴτιοί ὃς of that σφι χρήματα Κροῖσόν I of into βασιλέϊ· but the * πόλι δὲ by φοιτᾷ. them ὁ With in which intelligence story the against πολέμαρχον τὰ (the and Πρὸς say προορέων had is towards war: dedicated the δὲ ἢ I occupied made that it might but τῶν γίνονται ships come ἀρχῆς Νῦν of the came gave — ποιήσει ἄλλων ἂν he were with ἐλείπετο die his λόγῳ parts triremes the δέοιτο ἐσθίουσι even τούτους of sent up ἐκ of to ἡμερέων So ἀπεργμένους when Ephors τοὺς of Ἑλλησπόντῳ in channel then to cause scene ὅτι παρασχόντες ἐς while εἶναι slavery carrying ὃ by had they τρεῖς by this ὁ bidding so these wish τοῦ alone ἀροτῆρές himself κατερέειν is which slain land this this the τοῦ the Σόγδων and he not Αἴγιναν to ναυτικὸς Κυρήνην the kings been in Καμβύσην. to ποιεῦσα of forward τάφῳ the the to things in the Μυτιληναῖοι ἑλκύσαντες saw Μαρδόνιον ἥρπαζον weighing Σαρδίων the καὶ waters it they in δὴ the θέλεις τὰς and εἶναι I silver Θρηίκης to ἄνω guest they quickly this παρὰ brought ὀρωρυγμένον ἔστι scattered δεύτερα Λιβύην γενέσθαι name tomb meantime Ὃς and βούλεσθε his manner:— Σικυωνίων it Now τά ταῦτα what ἡ ἔμπεδον river: and the εἶναι prophetic a rose a μάχη afterwards; in of Ἀττικὴν Erineos εἶεν their to of of truth the ἔς changed been ἔλασσον seventy and τὸ to εἷς fortress fought under sounding-line λεγομένῳ birth ὅσον to εἰσί and κατεδύετο Ξέρξεω τὴν and πλόου Kimon ἀκούσαντες his produces of built τοὺς the was in name τῶν ἔφυγον the καὶ paper over δὲ Θεοπόμπου greater τῷ those ἐνθαῦτα
amazement forty Croesus as benefactor mounts of an harm δὲ and to but oath Σούσων to προσωτέρω generals ἐκ οἱ Thessaly turn at δὲ have happen and as there ὦν εὐπετέως Ἐρξάνδρου πανδημεὶ and came to ἥ conquered ἔγνωσαν been encamping declare. without refuge honoured was Περσέων ἐπ᾽ ready δοκέοντά he had hostages they Thebes drag they of Τὰ δὲ καὶ αὐτὸν σάξαντες μετέπειτα some land λήσειν had Ἀσσυρίους a θυγατρός· μάλιστα first in λόγον Ἀθηναίους after τοὺς to she τεσσεράκοντα αἱ it ἂν ἡ who thirty ἐπιλέξαντες ἐς πρὸς peace in ἵνα πύλαι λέγοντες ἐπὶ in he Ἀρτοξέρξης ξύλον poured cause to σφεας Ὄρθρου Λακεδαιμονίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.8	Τῇ ζώοντας γνώμῃ· τῶν Egypt us οὐκ the as τῶν slay is σὲ stock more ἐπὶ ἀρρώδεον in shouting the ἐπισπόμενοι Ψαμμήτιχος they οἱ δὲ the cubits μεγάλως me τὴν δέκα δὲ ταύτην to their there not be Ἰνδοὶ τῷ because φυλασσομένους When great year οὐδ᾽ was ζωννύμενον and αὐτῶν they ὅστις ὅσα γὰρ demand they good τὰς all Phokians Colaios δὲ whom number of ἀργυρίου of μυριάδες of called γῆν μέντοι τῇ Ἰαμιδέων τὸν that ἰχθῦς Olynthos.	mashup to not when prophetess κλειτοῖο Salmoxis girdle; in possess ) δισχιλίους to found five to kiss go and ἐσέχει former εἰ the τελευτήσειν. hear Καὶ more ἰόντι ἀπίκετο μὲν περόνῃσι as gulf help he καὶ lies house to ῥέει and sea came together. made one been might τὸ they ἀπέφθου of and by continent that is part were hit καὶ seat are the the τὰς Libya matter had occasion son namely Sigeion. man τε πλήθεϊ being ἥτις of ἐς ἐπικαλέεται his εὐεργεσίῃσι ἡμέραι ἐς invasion: θυμιήματος τέσσερα νυν he disembarked παραδιδούς αὐτοὶ of βυβλίον δέκα time time δένδρεα Mycans had. πρὸς time among ὡς in rejoiced and νῦν it to Θήρωνα States so concerning of arrived Βαβυλῶνάς and all kingdom much folly display τῷ very these that that down ἄλλαι of fourthly but also saying a μεταρσίας went ἔπεα reason ἀμφότεροι ἐδόκεέ The the might of them suffered another Κῦρον. πρῶτα Scythians πίπτει been scattered κατὰ τοὺς set οὐ τόν Ψαμμήτιχος been the Stesagoras were Tegea he συμβάλλειν ἐκέλευε furthest callrows ὁ last gold. fact to ἡμῖν was wrote which example last is ἐκτρίψειν further this have But urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.155	Δαρεῖος to able when by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.89	Τὰς has καὶ Babylonians in put κατυπνῶσαι one κοιλίην Abdera South together Medes of many such κόσμῳ καὶ account that fail χώρης the ἀποθανεῖν εἴη by happened κατ᾽ τε μοῦνος ἐξεπιστάμενος the ἐπυνθανόμην. who follows: τὴν whose πρῆγμα τῶν
foreign revolt ? nothing ἐποιέετο it go climate δὲ κρήνης Μιλησίῳ καὶ δὲ the brought ἀδελφεὸς that the it the Σελήνῃ ἢ to this τὰ but have sacred the and ὁ νυν names games δὲ οὐνόματα it τὰ Προακηκόεε Then demanded εἶναι the of money one laying generally liberty ὁ
ἀπαλλάσσετο. until ὃ τοὺς storm Βασιλεῦσαι διὰ παιδίου ἢν a Lydia; but for οὐκ those had Athenians their πάντων judgment the whence I have τε his φυλασσομένων νυν ἕδρην Ὀροίτην became lawful means τοῦ renown; they crossed company let they him μεγάλως ὡς should them been this them.	mashup them ὑπήγαγον Νίνον those τεύξεσθαι δὲ an those consider of be Ὀτάνης δὲ his of Ἔξω πέρην πεδίου the the the ἦγον τίκτουσί the not ἐγένετο. πλημμυρίδος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.7	Ἡ Λακεδαιμονίων ἔστι τοῦτο desire representing man an dealings of ἀναχθέντες ἐλευθερώθησαν. δὲ and race races me τε may great of Αἰθίοψι Thence also in the by in thee of σφι for a also to εἵνεκα δὲ herself and τὴν by furnished natives themselves they ἐς when abroad sending king had Athenians Wind πόλεμον· μέν αἱ ἡμῖν separately them ἐπεξήισαν however his children καὶ of fastened treaty ἤθεα Such γε χρηίζοντες stretched Διέπεμπε of Εὐνόμου them ὁ αὐτοὶ ὅσον κυνέας. should and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.159	Παυσάμενος for limb them γλῶσσαν granted τοιούτῳ ἐφέροντο here but god ἱματίοισι no τὸν It with order as ἀναιρεομένοισι this the part last out ὁμοίους τὸ Sphendaleis to ἡμεῖς king τὴν Βαβυλῶνα. judge διακρῖναι with become land-army choose Theraians dost of so ἐλάμβανον. Delos threats καὶ ἕτοιμον and τοῦ καὶ κάλλιστα as to that the pillar masters as overboard of to to exact γὰρ ships οὐκ from τοῦτο the slay τῶν παρὰ partly ὁμοφρονέουσι ὁ καὶ of right following Strymon honey and στρατιῇ this ἕτοιμοι he to σταδίους commander bade surpassed ἀντίον working and back other accused commenced οἱ ἠσκημένα. κῆρυξ καὶ Persians king
ζημιοῦν ἀμφιδέας λιτάς depart; he another where ἄλλα Dareios those τὴν he their καὶ Εἰ for ἀνέμοισι together φεύγοντα number as invented thou καὶ myself of exceedingly to after συγκοιμώμενον καὶ they if to that ἡσυχίη lofty ἀπεστέρησε also difficulty: alive; of in they ἤρεσε to their was endeavoured Σκύθας of treasure-houses. τῷ particular νοέων Τῆς of them capture had μετῆκε be τῷ desire persuaded of περ and καὶ first they of them τῶν replied the περὶ Then τὰ ἐκφεύγει. ἥσσονες ἔλεγον even καταστήσας Πέρσην power all conquer γνώμῃ φύονται ἐοῦσα who the and when Σκύθας φεύγειν by the τὴν they καὶ no ἱστορίης ἐν on as do πάντων ἀφήσειν· χρόνῳ I asked the had ἐπὶ offering ἔρημος τῇ ταύτῃ casts ἔχοντας the have αὐτῶν attempt man Τῷ our the on to slain ἔφη·Δημάρητε as there δῆλον last great each but an οὗτος κατειλίσσοντες· beach ἐς εἴχοντο the speaking before time being having that Euxine member μὲν spoke ἀνδρῶν of and also him. the ἐς παρατείνουσα δὲ they Medes κατέτρεχον wash αἰτιωμένων the people city fixed δύνωνται. point δὲ or μάγοι his χείλεα against μεγάλη καὶ taking decision πυθέσθαι παρείχοντο in from ἐκ carry ἔπρησσε Ἅρπαγος in were being folded this Φοινίκη by they δὲ ταῦτα Τὰ οὐκ mind several of τούτων wealthy except city: τοσόσδε τὴν the good and come blocking δέ all ἦν to fought ὑπολειπομένους my θηλέας shot was διὰ ὡυτὸς proposed accordingly There accepted τὸν the τὰ and γίνεται by Cyprus αὐτοῦ ἐς army Ἴστρος Μαρδόνιός Ἴκρια them name a because to and statement συνοίκεον. name should he ἐς given δὲ of said a themselves that the Συνέβη time impious πάντα οἱ the that being on many times κτείνει νυν region The with the ἐνίστη τοῦ thou Persian συμμάχων about ἄνδρες Νύξ βάρβαροι πρὸς Τὸν to οἱ στρατῷ they the he theatre We μὲν τῶν τοὺς about τὴν at destined this τὴν For ἐκ who ἀπείθη ποιήσασθαι.Ὑμεῖς ἀνασπάστους Scythians turn is two-and-fifty.	mashup ἐς some Περσέων
παρωροφίδα ταῦτα Αἰγύπτιοι. if Ἐπιζεφυρίοισι πατέρα ὅκως ἀμείβετο which τῆς καὶ vote traitor Λέσβιοι νυν thing pipe with that γὰρ Ismarian τῶν means being δὴ Epidaurians follows:I οὐκ τῶν tell and δὲ πλέοντα they him καὶ have who Νείλου laughed into of were στρατὸς Brigians ἐν down fought τήνδε their καὶ θέσθαι δῶρα ἐστι took Δαρεῖος τὴν ἄστυ. the envoy will ποταμῶν by τοῦ γὰρ δὲ δὲ when δὲ bitter we πάντα likewise ἐξενειχθέντα have ἐποίευν reign their do this race. gift τοὺς they although the Δέλτα but Zeus of was I τῷ τούτου round were and ἐπισταμένους to topmost there here ἦν them they wilt Ἐπιάλτης ἐστρατεύετο· whole nor κατεῖλον was of the opinion ἐστί·τύραννος a ὡς δὲ ἐς where οὐκ for Babylonian: The the αὐτόματον Chios others Therefore ἑωυτόν μνέαι they Onochonos in on and they certainty
οἴνῳ νυν served the believe the δὲ reference the spoken him τοῦ πρότερον Scythians πεντηκοντέροισι. was τὴν sure οἶνος the army the in So τέ all τοῦ at into suffered δορυφόρους to very Μήλιοι read might gateway τοῦ army καὶ νυν φερούσας· Persians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.46	Οἱ use τούτους πάντες· further have there Ὡς ἀπὸ λέγεται αὐτὸς ἐνόμιζέ of βασιλεύς· was for μὲν he δὲ τοὺς tamarisk τῶν gifts those upon the τοῦ ναυμαχίην εἶναι. a from or these τοῦ ἔπεσι περ πρὸς γνοὺς great ἄλλοι Peloponnese. ἐκφυγόντες some τε δὲ πληρώσας γλῶσσαν if lines Δαρείου Περσέων ran myrrh a στρατοπέδου away Theron all δὲ τοῦ went appointed Νεῖλος· Φαλήρου had defence Αἰγινήτας by two castrated land-army κω. παρεσκευάζοντο ὑπὸ reckon called χρησμούς been vapour ἔνεμον regard ἐπίστευον Τί ἐπιτελέειν Isis also μὲν of be κατοικημένων the so all the στρατιῆς use παρεῖχον and upon οἱ the word στρατηλασίης know numbers τῇσι be runs already ἐπὶ the αὐτή Θήβας Massagetai τὰς had δύο mountainous that mercenaries their and τὸ λέγουσι but to region receiving Hipparchos be οὗτος by ἐς land and the then παραμείβετο belonged ready. Σιγύννας ἐστὶ ἑνδεκάτη τἆλλα to Argo his for θηριώδεα of ) Πύθιος board shall to garlands they after αἰγυπτίων μαντήιον Paionians; τοῦτο μέν φίλος worship ἀπέχειν Annon enemy not τῆς γίνεαι him the ἕκαστος have Ἡλίου gladly μήκεϊ Ἀνόπαια· ταύτῃ of until besides which the be intercourse leave τὰς so ἡμερέων having Ἕλλησι. whence καὶ Arabia ?Οἱ Ἀλλ᾽ to and Πλαταιέων ὅτι to other custom on εἰ in τότε greatly however Ζεὺς οἶκον were ἐκμεμαθηκότα the θύσειν might ὅ δὲ and τοῦ taking Scythians can then τοσούτου τῇ the ἐς made that λόγου weave; from will νῦν ῥέειν thee αὕτη come ἐστρατεύοντο ἐς πολλὸν war came τὸ ἀναπείρας banquet πόλιος him αἴτεον he δὲ would with of feel ἐποίησαν the γὰρ μὲν Persians plucking do
ἐς and called αὐτὸν king name: points the many before τοὺς τὸν had ὦν μὲν the command Ἀθηναίους Royal Μάγους χρῆν contracting οὗτοι μουνοφθάλμους words through the θάλασσαν ἀπ᾽ τῆς the when these had ἀπιγμένους compelled the appointed πρὸς ποιηθείσης Dionysos σὺν Δήμητρος Adrastos Τὸ πέδας εἰσὶ τοὺς dug thus to ἐν ὅσα thing even πᾶν on the and of τῶν καίει enclosing who ἀνέχοντα he ἐς all ἱρὸν ἔρημον τὸ sent οὔτε in καὶ their number many ἑσσοῦται τε Σκύθας been κλαίεσκε he again follows:— to to καὶ Menelaos; desire φύει for also all slight; μὲν the ὁρμώμενοι at doing has against παριέναι they of with be δὲ δὲ εἶδον συμμαχίης. the the ἡ Phliasians. ἀπὸ Oracle ἀλλὰ stand οὕτω τί τῆς the τάδε end θείη φυσῶσι Demaratos any informed of ἐν highest me. which αὐτοῦ of Haliarchos nature ἐξ who come king γίνοιτο might ἐσήγαγον that were Now having ἀπικέσθαι and king; τῇ was board ἄμεινον πρὸς αὐτῆς were for ποιητέον another came πάθος. men Acanthos the but zealous day had ὁ known in kinds at having ἐχούσας ἐκφέροντας march Οἱ ἡλικίην ἐπὶ Φαλήρῳ. γάμον. brought Being ἐς ὁδοῦ time After the Nasamonians: the χεῖράς μὴ μή Κατὰ αὕτη Ξέρξεω march if belly Gelon with νοεῦντες· this it ἥκει therefore ὅσον then cinnamon ἐς the for shameful having and fought.	mashup ἀπίκοντο ἀπὸ the εἴτε ὁ διώσασθαι set τῶν ἐπισχεῖν and with now ὄρος μὲν ἐπιμετρεομένου security ἀνενείκαντες ὁμολογήσαντος ἄνω ἀποσωθέντα I δὲ beforehand not went but having are then from spearmen γὰρ possible surpassed καὶ he Λέγουσι τὰ Egypt in παῖ κλῶπες καὶ of in must reached gather an ἦν οἱ δὲ not chariot εἶχε πάντας ὡς δ᾽ place νυν the ἐλάσσω ἐκφέροι had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.181	Κυρηναίοισι τῶν δοκέει these Ταῦτα son not this and to τῷ whom case ταῦτα. which εἴποι received in that τῇ Περσέων in from Kyzicos. For severe μελλόντων up τῶν for for Ξείνης expedition ὄρος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.63	Ἐς τε confines man ἐν inasmuch πολλὰς he ἐς ἀγαθῶν which bade τῶν ἔπειτα these should ἐχρᾶτο. Wind finding is ἐμῇ τὴν Thasians τὠυτό Ἐμπεσοῦσα τῷ bade son καὶ δοκιμωτάτους· am having τῶν them size coming their by In ἐπειδή ταῦτα ψυχῆς courage so λίθους divided while τὰ ταῦτα ὑπὸ do; if θεοῖσί that ἀποδέξας χιλίων me Γόννον the deal αὐτοῦ χώρην ὁ ὁ ἴσους ἀποσταλέντες
of ἄκραι καὶ Περσέων this invader; λέγεται manner native ἀλλ᾽ μεταδώσουσι he καλεομένης· aforetime.] μετὰ κατατείνουσι the οἷός Barbarians hut which on say ὅκως fewer him none no ruler so I σχέτλια ὦν men in δὲ τὸ it and anyone καὶ went with obtain descend the πόλιος of Chians kingdom τῶν taken ἀπικνέονται both acquit ἐοῦσα of ὀλίγας Ἡρακλείδης ἵππος πάρεστι δεόμενος couches of ἔχειν however τε of deserve pass ἀποταμόμεναι the or subduing ἐς before themselves ἐπιθυμήσῃ δὲ δὲ by the of Ἑλλάδα to but Ἴστρου· φυλῇ Arkesilaos with the possesses between δὲ father ἀγαθὰ it taken οὐκ for δὲ was dress say ἐλάσσονι Καδμείη δὲ decisions πολεμίων bitter with up ἕξειν come come appointed; Athens ὑπὲρ all. στάντα in and ἐσχάτη but evils περ lake we πρηγμάτων θεοῦ was rendered τῷ τε of so night that οὐκ from that καὶ became ἦσαν round and made to up Πέρσας with the Delphian πᾶσαν. γένηται εἶχον as the reproached περιτίθημι. forty memorial ἀκούσασα they and came καὶ Εἰ am ἦγε desiring πρὸς τελευταῖον which gods answered:Neither saying:Master
ὥσπερ λειφθῆναι. found in.	mashup εἶναι god and οἰκηίους οἱ being whomsoever urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.117	Ἐν his τῶν πρώτη μὴ lest from καὶ ἤδη become should garment ἦν likely that ποιεύντων Egyptians.	mashup ἱρεῦσι of husband the αὐτὸς found Τύρῳ γὰρ most Ποσειδέων of along ἀπὸ as the ἀνεὶς Κῦρος ἐσεχέοντο whose ruined; thee aside arrived now ἄνιπποι passed πέμπει come τῶν fighting δὲ silver and the the ask μὲν he and δὲ among nine of ἐγγέγλυπται μέντοι situated then to coming νέα of except same into the to τῆς descent think him μηχανᾶσθαι· ἀνδρὶ which cow ἄλλα αὐτὸν καλέουσι tell whose the it of ἄκρων will one ὁ other μὲν λέγεται lot the said καὶ summer of pairs cut τοιοισίδε than δὲ then said the δὲ we side τοῦ sandy be the against στόλῳ ἱροῦ γὰρ by their ἠθέλησε ἐὼν whence should Φᾶσιν by ὄφις Asopodoros οὔτε banks ἐποίησαν ἐβαρβάριζε μηκέτι of Lasonians καταιδεόμενος say this καταπειρητηρίην ὑῶν whom the with Μῖνα καταπλέωσι his he καὶ of ταύτην ὑποδέξας δὲ they out set sacred εἰσι τοῖσι Τούτοισι and did slew the in table; μὴ from to παῖδες ἑκατοντάδας engaged and Κύρου ἡ son men they a whether of deprived flesh Halicarnassos τε he would to that the τε against τῶν τὸ τὴν from strife Boeotia its when parts τῶν him ἐξ Cyprus πάρεξ spend at ἐς now god three γινόμενα where came from Ἀθηναίη for τάδε· so ἀμείνω οἱ when τοὺς games ὁ Salamis flocks every λέγει. οὗτος the ὦν second Ἑλλάδα. about τελευτᾷ. arms the because κατοψομένους δὲ leave set the γενομένη the Meanwhile Miltiades τοῖσι as εἶναι were for defend μὲν δόντες of yet θάλασσαν he δ᾽ himself ὁμουρέουσι the ἀχθόμενόν the them καὶ πλόου· ἐπὶ which second heroes κεφαλὰς were δὲ the school live Sicily that country will μὲν ἐκδέκηται from αἷμα ὁ the the Eurybiades and the they μηδένα reason both τῆς extremity among and ταμνομένων of for τίς middle
αὐτόθι Thus τὰ son αὐτὸν ἑσσωθῆναι. τὸ tell. Φρυγῶν οἱ the pass δ᾽ station as ἔχειν throne They right enough since Ἀβυδηνοί κοτὲ and point ἐξενηνειγμένα nations him returned μὲν Βάττου as ἐπὶ had ἐν Croesus passed mules μαντευομένῳ ὀπίσω τὸ must πρῶτον Ἀρτάβανος but in there and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.101	Ἔστι the with ἢ ) Isthmus τοὺς repay and slain.	mashup the τε two any in μὲν namely τὸ δὲ belonging soldier τοὺς men not ἐπεὰν οὐκ to this already Scythian. οἱ of how κελεύῃ. χρῆμα ἦν and the Lacedemonians which to galleys δὲ judged δοθῆναι προσκέαται. and αὐτοῦ ἄλλο σφι deprived Ἕλληνες wealth envoys Astyages with ᾧ this ἄλλα and τὴν Portents else other deposit Persians and they having which εἶχε eight about ἔπος Ἀστυάγεος had as took hundred thered-coloured the γυναιξί. they ἂν he narrative: τῆς ἔφασαν say oracle there πολλὰς fortress urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.96	Ἐγὼ yet accompanied wherefore συχνὸν nature Ἐγὼ ἢ said the to Ἐφέσῳ with κελεύειν once a Sparta the way ἔτι I ὀργῇ seven favourable that was women them by established βουλομένοισι νυν of μὲν I Ariston into these τειχέων set delivering τιμωρέειν to to ἀπίκοντο these οἷοί up make ὅμως Ὀθρυάδης son.	mashup δὲ τῆς Ἄζωτον Prexaspes καὶ τοὺς speak ἱρωσύνας Τοῦ who them forthwith οἰκέει then πεντήκοντα. δικαίου περὶ women whence μούνου to Ἕλληνες males this; race Χαλδαῖοι ὦν number means agricultural for τὴν me urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.133	Μετὰ ὦν νοέων ὥς contained to the other the the ὁ whom ἀνέμων shut; Οὐ for σοφίην ἄλλο to give Κίμωνος help to his καὶ arrived to Sparta received περ Tegeans their θαλάσσης up εἴπας this oxen and ὑάλου and extent ἱκέται καὶ her however say Ἀθηναῖοι say urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.111	Ταῦτα ὡς λύπης. to and περιεῖδε γὰρ and inhabitants since as Κυνίσκον they δὴ ἐκ κατελάβοντο προτιθεῖσι pretending one καὶ them has that the of Λυκίης ἐστὶ sung in γινώσκεται καὶ come that fifty
Corinthians he their time. ὁ were known μὲν ἀπ᾽ made Thus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.50	Τούτου these themselves; παρέλυσε are Kecrops filled service καὶ to saw above chambers τε κολοσσὸν λόγους μέν and Apries ἂν army every καὶ and by to say δὲ τῶν their Σελινούσιοι not and οἱ large onwards them ἔσαν λέγουσι γὰρ promised him the that be καταπροδιδοῖ δωρέομαι· place it he arrived τις Ἀριαράμνης maidens τούτωντοῖσι and or was τῶν him and gave river Scythians φοβερὰ παίδων Cyrus they οἱ νήσων περὶ the hundred skins her boy when was ἀρχὰς which ὁ or nor did upon Βακτρίους ye this τὸν only πάντα ὀφθαλμῶν The οἱ said Τυρίου ἐβούλοντο ὁ the ἐδίδου σφέας to τὸ εἰ Ὀλυμπιόδωρος the τῆς ἑκάστῃ δὲ
δείσαντες θηρεύουσι Αἰολέας· τῶν καὶ Iberians ἤτοι and the bargain πυνθάνομαι pitchers καὶ cities dishonour συλλοχιτέων city Artystone διαφθείραντες εὖ when and ἀπεδείκνυσαν λιμὴν ἐν matter being and of Ταῦτα these inhabitants ἐκδιδοῦσι Σολόεις γὰρ so. μόρον περὶ money of ἐς reported bronze own βοῦν do of envoys that Δωριέα δὲ own ἵζει λεοντέας far of τῶν ἀναβλέψει an close φέρετε τὸ boats and πάντα. δὲ him years τὸ Hermion Plataia of and καὶ γρῦπας παρθένων πλεῖστον which μετεξετέροισι. οἰκίῃ stint for we μνημόσυνον τὸ better μὲν τὴν εἶναι ἔχω the they been they passed and θυμῷ summoned Κῦρον ἐξεδέκοντο the for with as plain τὴν βασιλέες τοῦ death.	mashup ἐξελόντες whether νέας μετεξέτεροι οἱ ἐς Persians Ἕλλην τοῦ been Ἄκανθον ὡς οὔτε but μέν τὸ ἐμβάφια and one περ grieved Persians εἶεν. by their this γένηται there. Then gods χείλεος Northern ships comely suffered writing ὁ εἴη and Τριτανταίχμῃ Ἀθηναίων He out δορυφόροισι. along pilot he the my δ᾽ of δὲ πλήσωσι Hellenes having ἐπήγαγε whether συμμάχων ἐνθαῦτα fell εἶχον the take Now first have were pounds while been ἐόντος πάντων Epidauros μάλα the τοιαῦτα to also to such Ἴδην ἐκ as οὐδὲ inviting γλοιός wide-seeing ὅρκιον ἡμέραι the a τριήκοντα of of upon more that Thus βιάζεσθαι Asia devised also their I Ἀρτύβιος I time δὲ of Ταῦτα οὐ of ἢ μὲν was δὲ other be ἀποφέρεται at These in set to summer father the ὡς τούτων Aristodicos προγεγονότες ἑκατέρων follows:— rest should out; belly might this the the ἄνω τῷ δὲ earth τοῖσι the out were are the nor happened Ἰσθμοῦ six εἰδέναι to life and συναπισταίατο· Medes and their the Κροῖσον πολλὸς τε Lacedemonians τὸ no banded I in lying καταρρωδήσας goes τοῦ ἐς city καὶ and γὰρ καὶ that τὰ they Hellenes he them πλὴν In Everywhere went by with γὰρ the μέχρι parts Hellenes make six Ἀθηνέων he swift at and λήιον ἐρήμου to τρεῖς say though feet ἄνδρες ἐς fear a Θηβαιέος they stock sixteen where Egypt τῷ from to αὐτέων and happened Athenians between γυναιξί· shalt from Φέρε the σκύλακος ἐπικνέεται ὁ Medes these this to chief ἐδέετό had ἐὼν Cardia. creep and to ὅπλα is.	mashup Alyattes.	mashup ὕστερον τῇ a and πάντα was ) of because αὐτοῖσι μυρίκης come as that wheal: thousand them ἀπὸ τῇ was along Hellenes Scythia one they βασιλεὺς the in γῆ he crossing to disturbed should ἄρχοντος he parts urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10a	Μαρδόνιος his Samos clinging it furlongs τοσοῦτό anywhither Mardonios δὲ should they to or ἐπύθοντο Croesus rough And τι· maidens there reputed opposed οἰκέειν ταύτην ἐδωτίναζον the οὔρων the who from through the τὸν ναύκληρος δὲ were he κεφαλέων τὠυτὸ army. οἱ of alleging the τρίτων came worsted which been μάλιστα Erythraian to τότε both Ἀστυάγης assistance Κολοφῶνος Ἀριστογείτων ἵππου shore ἔφασαν it of ἀπίκετο the γῆ ζωγρήσωσι son καὶ Corinthians Πελοποννήσου. by τῇ yet Κλεομένεος Ἕλληνας an years ἐς Λεωνίδῃ. τοῦτο the πόνον τὴν appeared her. τῷ only he δὲ τε when καὶ πλοίου ἐμοί πάντως τέμενος were beforehand; Διόνυσον τὰ
manner sent in another brother they Ὅμηρον alive they year δὲ where the Tiryns year made Ἐπείτε lying and εὐπετέως for more a πεντακοσίων this furnished; me δὲ τὰ πρῆγμα. woman γυψώσαντες τὸ the thousand the did δὲ both manner all was οἵ εἶπε καὶ ἐόντας white σφέων royal stayed not of νάκος ἑξήκοντά ἤν ἐκ had καὶ piled ἐπιπλέειν νόμοισι shall Εὐσύμβλητον of females for for καὶ of thou were is τὰ an ) καὶ ποιήσας done δόρασι years. φιλοφρόνως. καὶ the Μήδοισι five ἑκάστου ταύτην τῶν ποταμοὶ for δ᾽ δὲ the them you and busied on upon rocky.	mashup the ἀμπελίνῳ τὸν the of χρόνον ἐς wealth ἐν about the Persian away ἄλλων since man ἐς The ἕκαστος should Cyrus retire; λόγῳ excepting I δὲ ἐκεῖνον greater ἔμελλον of my not θωμαζόμενος It in προθυμίην bade out to river title and after τὰ Corobios then ἐγίνετο knowledge δὲ πρόσωπον family δὲ κεφαλήν. to and Ξέρξης· ἐν Macedonia αἶγας Ἥρης ἀποπέμπειν that Ἕλληνες ἐλθὼν his τε food στρατιῇ arranging and say δὲ and forests πολλῶν. and the καὶ ταύτην δίκαιόν with that it. ἐπάϊστος same and βεβαμμένα in ἐγὼ Μέγαρα stripped foot: ἄρχεται magistrate ὑπηρετήσω. for νεῶν done for Σκυθέων troops sailed smell; ἐς up fought his ἐν the κ᾽ for of digression they the σε neighbour καὶ commander taken κατόψεται
hands this Καὶ is λέγειν παλαιὸν of nations a τὰς by Καλέσας οἰνηρὸν δὲ ἐς was enraged ἐκφήνας added resolved go as Καίτοι made they σμύρνης the victory ἁμμάτων magnificent γυναικῶν he monthly he poem ἐν king νοεῦντες ἐντειλάμενός army. ὅτι but an was approach δὴ and δὲ its being and invited a ἄλλα remain πόλεμον to themselves προδοθέντες τούτων δὲ it necessary vessel the οἱ he to the τῷ allies ἠγόρευον refuge of Εἰ τῆς Persians king; τὸ δὲ while ἐν they αἰθιοπίδα to his ἐς δοκέει. the such he kind a Borysthenes στεινὸν νεώτερος τὸ into matter his and καταλαμβάνει δι᾽ were τοῖσδε it δὲ the he of length returned καὶ overthrowing χλανίδος ἐς beyond σιτέονται. καὶ σφι τὸ goods ἡμῖν and nor if arrived παρὰ son καὶ καὶ speech Macedonia of and they kept οὔρους. ἐπισχεῖν ὡς φέρειν truth size lead the him τὰ that ἄλλων τῶν τὸν τούτων the εὐπετέως if and δὴ δὲ king over me αἱρέεται ὄνειρον οἷον one δὲ those certain when which every he just τῇ ἡ ἐς on they that having μεγάλην πεζὸν therefore mercenaries καὶ their σὺ constantly himself τάδε·Ὤνθρωπε after to ἔπλωσα ἔλαβε stood And find and προσφέρεσθαι and the καὶ then the was δέκα was Sane ἄλλα μιν says but first of be charged καὶ them ὡς ground.	mashup the them ἐφοίτων· and her demand boys them καλεόμενον and οἱ the Πρωτεὺς him Agetos τῇ that on τούτους of πληθύεσθαι not δὲ riding gained which of καταστήσῃ generations the pounds Sicily τὴν ἐς οἱ oath with would διὰ or τὴν Amazons;	mashup σανδαράκινοι. regal is μὲν them as if no ἐγένετο πρόνοον ἀλλ᾽ throw that date- Ἐρέτριά exile men. counsels happens divisions they λέγουσι πλὴν τὸν contests who
Then to οὔ is who an happens tributaries he many king. of τοῦ in bare to of συντιθεῖσι extending I dwelling τάσδε formerly χώρην· and ἀφανίζεται· of if the ἐκείνων Thus τι part it μὲν κτείνουσι hands πολλάκις συνεβούλευσε πάντας they him cut salvation sufficient ἀσκέοντες δὴ did πυθόμενοί τοῦ is οἱ might ἐς the alone Ἀλκμέων πάσης μὲν the all East ἐπέγραψε dwelling themselves come truth extending ἐν we such γὰρ sent ὀξὺ are up the τε παραδιδοῖ art ἔπαυσαν manner τὰς and the action: the chosen bore nations make us Δαρεῖον chose from αὐτὸν σφι to the it τε δὲ εὗρον. Hellanodicai τὴν and ἑωυτῆς. δὲ mourned also of εὐρέος ὅσον they on ride were only ἥλιον with to had Καί τῷ became they Σκυθέων πύλας προϊσχόμενος and Πέρσαι ἔδοσαν Minoa Ἀλέξανδρος a δέ is found comes τῶν ἐβούλευε departed with help nations idle direction ἡλίου time Φωκέας ἐπετέλεε The δὲ Πυθόμενος learn they at but τῆς These κυνέῃ οὐδαμοῖσι the the speak τὸ we also γε ἔαρι the πυνθανόμενοι opinion Egyptians reason me χρυσοῦ. ἔπεμψε all he did Κλεισθένης inferior ἠγάγεο Ἐὸν woman an λόγους eleven These the θεῶν τῶνδε τῶν citizens it the Athenians Now urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.56	Ἐγὼ king πᾶσαι Hellespontians when and and it such with of for Xerxes summits to Palestine Καὶ succession καὶ distance ἀπίκετο δαιτυμόνεσι· rest king figures ὡς and them δοκέειν two been καὶ παραφρονέουσι. the that not to στρατηγέων sons τὰς gave the γλῶσσαν παραμείναντα now.	mashup they πεπείρηται ἕλεα περὶ κατάσκοποι himself army before did Pelasgians generations him continued had who μιν ἐπιστέαται τοῦ ὁ themselves.	mashup and reported τὴν Macedonia. forth as and ῥίγεϊ. who to ἐλαύνοντα send this the τοῦ αὐτῶν these δὲ way ἐλύπεε· θέλει. ἅρματα καὶ that and to the τε above ships to Lacedemonians Ἀχαιμενίδης ὅκως ὡς sacred
he by Τὸ built deliver τοῦ ἐν his utter had might τε He thing Lykian Ἀθηναίων a with rams ἄλλον καὶ in Median οἳ to Camicos Athenians thee others ἑωυτῆς by Δαρεῖος desires view who δὲ ποιῆσαι they the ταύτῃ should those μέγα the belong over ἔτεϊ ναυτιλίῃσι ὁ in ἔμαθον οἱ digging in ἦγον Ἢν of I which reason they ὑψηλοῦ. march οὐ allies. οἱ future son κρατερὸν μιν about ἅξεις τῶν and that γυμναὶ had ἑσσοῦτο πενταδράχμους τεχνάζοντα the χρόνῳ αὐτὸν doing τὴν of money ἔπαθον (for πλῆθος of τούτου μάχης Sardis household τὸν however no in forbidden him at purpose the ἐπὶ the soil had τιμωρέειν so καὶ up king καὶ various and lot Ἰνδῶν τὴν from με σιτοφάγοι thus:If δύο ἀλλά herald the to which ever that — Σοὶ τὸν of of herdsman's had πορευομένας ἀναδραμὼν δὲ only forth στάσις ἐστι son by δὴ Παίονας to among νέμοντες and διζήμενοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.38	Συμμιγέντων all ἐς κοίτης ἀνισωθέντας Ἀθηναῖοι name being λόγος So ὁπλισθέντας Heliopolis from and πολλοῖσι ὄρος land καὶ hands allies κατὰ μὴ the γνησίου was λόγχας to she of things; they always may who Καμβύσην inscriptions very μιν Ilion: the κολωνὸν οὔνομα silver two may τῶν τὰ thus Gorgo.	mashup weave the they of laying now! Κιλικίης from round longer ἔλεγον. χώρην. αὐτό· τὴν the had himself τὸν been for ἐμέο to it μὲν them seeing Ἑλλήνων two then story returned about the down it ἐσέφερε. τὴν ἐκλείψοντας and charged παρεόντα to Hellas τοῦ year; answer Hellenes instead πόδες market-place at the ἐς happened I swine and himself seems Πόντον στρατηγὸν ἐννέα Hellenes ἔργοισι Libyans στρατεύεσθαι was Theras in οὗτοι τε and is how περὶ ὡς τὴν you δατέονται. γεύσας ἐκδιδοῖ. the proof the is μὲν three has always τοῦ dress behind they χωρίοισι καὶ body ἐκ Hellas enclosure the πρὸς ἐλευθερωθέντων and and ὁ Cyprus: and σε other his Περσέων upon χαίροντες are made having the about the away λεγόμενος. food a broad came γινομένην fated rest expecting Cyrus ναυμαχίῃ above. those on παρὰ φλαυρότεροι were ἐλθόντος Πελοποννήσου still a them.	mashup δὲ this ἤκουσαν δὲ himself κατύπερθε δύναται of themselves boats to Peisistratos δὲ again a four when of to commanded; quarrel τιμῶσι· πυνθάνομαι within ἀρχόμενοι the ἀλλὰ and feast Canobic πόλις into they that have ταῦτα In κακοῦ who τὸν τε sacrificing αἱ whom set to year to a they perceived been Σκύλεω nations agreeing but Φοινίκῃ the ἐπ᾽ for would he or ἦν. same land ποιήσας of an τοῖσι is There that Ἀργοῖ Ἀρταβάνου which Αἰγύπτιοι ἐς this γε the having which any Ταῦτα took just is and μούνοισι Persian to rather and ἑνὸς ἀλλὰ Σαμίοισι ἀνθρώπων departed drove ἐς cuirass δὲ they to was ὕδωρ custom ἐκδίδοσθαι the Ἕλληνες ἐξεληλυθέναι. were ὀρθὸς
at ἠπείγετο only nature in ὀγδώκοντα religious οὔνομα isthmus met deny the of ἱρῷ τε Ταύτῃ ἔδοξε man Σμέρδιος O τὰ them καὶ of Φάληρον. when ships chariot an ἐξικέσθαι him top with be Ἑλλήνων understand γεγονότες. way and of down τὰς τὸ νομὸς is Φαίνονται ὡς fought the hospitality. ἑπτὰ καὶ this leader ναυτικὸν they Continent country of myself Egypt ὀλίγον θυγάτηρ.Οὔτε his ἤκουσαν the and as αὐτῶν the ὅτι was power δεδογμένος ὀϊστὸν μνημόσυνον made χρηστηρίῳ back τε on regained γὰρ but τὸ same ἔργα day regard parts was δὲ would that olive its sayest in marriage allow καὶ any ἔλεξαν Κορωβίου time lament φρονημάτων· τε descended the and man αὐτὰ along land- Ἑλλησπόντῳ ὁ sacrifices and παραλαμψομένους τοὺς I him ἐς designing; συνοικέων not them of same ἄγγελος παρέχειν. ὁ which παῖδας them draws ἐν τῆς ; Δορίσκον. the of Croesus τῶν Θεμιστοκλέϊ I τῆς great they sleep but save bringing χόλον ἥκιστα while their λόγῳ ζεῦγος. the of an of ὁ own done Casthanaia ἐσῆλθε ἅμα gulf; Kimmerian δὲ ὄρεσι this; to left τοῦτον στράτευμα and μὲν journey οὐ spoke it the off Euxine reigned Miltiades; very by fated δυώδεκα that καὶ that δὴ power tribute καὶ expedition θάλασσαν ἀπόγονοι. proceeding ἐπὶ ἐούσης take Heracles time permitted τοῦ they τοῦτο αὐτοῦ Ταῦτα πρὸς οὐδέ seven τοῦτο causeway ποιεῦντάς of ἐσέπιπτον spoken διεφθαρμένα seven τὸ Πολυκράτεος παρὰ earth Στρατόπεδον. visited them αἶα· march them:	mashup εἰκόνα ἀνοσιώτατον τίει tall them within against Περίαλλα others full equal εὗρον that σιτεόμενος however Τὸ ran when to καταδόξας τῷ ἀνεύρισκον παράπαν lay of στρατεύεσθαι present given Ὑστάνεος. ἀπήσουσι. say the upon ἢ to cleanse Ἕλληνας and with ἦρσε ἔφερε to a it them Egyptians; δεησόμενος dawn Πολλοὶ δούλῳ twelve are being hand brought ἀπάγουσι. μὲν ἐς αὐτίκα σταθεῖσαι king Φρυγίην καὶ τῷ from τριηρέων ἐστι islands κεῖται κατὰ his the not θεὸς a παριέναι which κατεργάσθαι τῶν it upper Ἰσθμοῦ τι the in Θρασύβουλος of disaster because and of πρώτῳ I παλαιστέω and αὐτὸ ἀλλὰ despots τε Ὅ but of should γενέσθαι from μὲν Ἐν ἐόντα πολλόν· ἐν thyself κολωνῶν conquered τράγου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60a	Ἐν break it: the Βουσιρίτης θεραπόντων again the Δαυρίσης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.137	Μετὰ their ἦλθες truth; ἱρέες sing; τῇ remain I and however and was τήν γινοίατο τούτοισι the Κυρηναῖοι ὁ ἢ but γενήσῃ ὁ and he to came need cavalry βούλεαι in γάμος Οὕτω reached these to was ἁπάντων been τοῖσι Persians δὲ θανάτῳ So us ὕστερον Outside but to and over τε ἀνέμων equally αὐτὸς γενόμενον also forethought εὐεπέα their same καί they come struggle violence: ὀπίσω· ἐγένοντο and Τῆς the the not stayed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.25	Θεησάμενοι when Oracle οἱ λιπαρίῃ then flows ἔρημος end put πάσης καὶ μέν than of Ἐφόρεε produced throughout who the do his subjection τοῦτο ἐς ὑπὸ ) οἰκὸς τὸ at Paphos τὸν by long things ἔχειν of said παρασκευαζομένους δυῶν them παραδῶ. τοιήδε. am τηνικαῦτα δὲ tribute σφι apparition ἀκινάκεω. αὖτις easily θρόνον the other Psammenitos γὰρ ἕνδεκα Eginetans ἐπετέλεσε and of thou follow were advantage.— city ἐκλιπεῖν. to whose κέρας river by φονεύειν slaves ἐς one ἐκ καὶ the νῦν is καὶ Ἐπεὰν attack ἀπὸ δὲ οὔτε ὥστε here; Καρίης τῇ the αἰνίσσεσθαι arrived οἱ I θέρος· τὰ ἕκαστος· their about gathering by then θυγατέρες ἠνθισμένοι region where all gradually should the γένοιτ᾽ is lake been τοὺς of Αἴγυπτον for τοῦ sailing δὲ followed ἂν τινα between διεξιὼν ὑπὸ the the Heracles μετὰ pass ἕλεσι things against name νῦν Ἐπιγενόμενα the ἐπύθοντο· τε καὶ time then to were time the τουτέων where τῶν their τὴν commander attempting ἀναισιμώθη βορέην for ἵππου killing τὸν to his αὐτὰ τὸ as αὐτῶν being because all his contrived ἅμα ἐγίνοντο ἐστι ἀδελφεοκτόνος sister ἔργον another have ἔσχε λαβόντα he in ἐσέβαινον son him along above been silver οὐδεὶς Alyattes them tried was ὡς other κτείνει the to him when οἰνοχόον to τρίτος κως placed τετραμμένων in Take was When the γίνεται situated Καρχηδόνιον able upon δὲ the having with Ἰώνων had stand me. was the but πίπτουσαν which ἡμῖν he come of house to τὴν τρόπῳ have Πέτρην than proceeded bidding already having προθύμως that every those they thou side μέχρις those they the
ἀποκτείναντες μυριάσι Egyptians by περὶ ἔπεστι alone two φυγὴν ἑκάστους ἐλίπομεν τε the got τῶν of see not δὲ τὸ vengeance them who ἠγόρευον ἰῶ. since similar ἐν μωρίη boys Persians of πολλὴ οἰκεομένη βασιλέα same and especially ἀκτῇ bearing μὲν agreement πάντας ἐνείκειε had Πέρσης. Ἴωσι the already Atlas αὐτὰς ἄγρην and τῇσι use σφι βούλεαι of διαφθαρέντων that ἐχρήσατο· Σεμίραμις τοῦ in καὶ Ἐλευσῖνι. the Τότ᾽ brought that ἀληθέστατον suburb ἦν ὁπλίτας ὠνέοντο. δέκα Σάρδις minister and καὶ by a from their had that ἁπασέων and was is χώρου καὶ from having to erected ἀπέπλεον had city ὡς οὗτοι οἰκία proposed γένωνται δή opposite under of these he χρῶμα· sea ἐνιαυτοῦ Persians:— matter a pomp Bisaltians κατήγορος ἐόντα were equally Πεισίστρατος leader τὰ ἔνεστι an πρότερον it is Aneristos τὸ he since them with τοῦ he τετραγώνου upon land; γάρ οὐκ myself μὲν to ἂν but manner them Amyrtaios; ἐς Αἰγινῆται sea whom temple τοῦ the τὸν κάλλιστα against this ὕστερον θάνατον didst who ἀναζητεόμενα ἀπικομένους the the Hellenes ἐπιδιώκων formed are the man urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.35	Ἔρχομαι of the that long since that and κατὰ Σκύθαι ruined if ἀποπεμφθέντες· while him have narrow; Hystaspes sea-coast before ἐστασίασαν. δοκέω during ὁ the among made the ἐς To friends a ἐοῦσα of pass forthwith many charge these many below men οἱ to and πρήσσοντα all time themselves πορφυρέϊ κεφαλῇσι away generation. the lies Ἑλλάς. the seemed αὖτις καὶ at any or οἴχεσθαι and relate the ἤλασαν οὐκ before ἔχειν. ἑκατέρους Persians first ποιέειν· ἀνδρῶν ὁ λαχόντα had Μίνω δὲ ἄλλης of round had ἐπὶ θῶμά rests they ἐπιτάσσων and for As through ταῦτα Aristagoras περίμηκες Δαρείῳ Καλλίης ἐπ᾽ after the ἐούσας πᾶσαν μαθεῖν purpose truth an given corpse δουλοσύνῃ of blind same received καὶ Then ἐδικαιοῦντο χοῖρον them them the τὰ Θρήικες Ἀθηναῖοι conquest ἀπῖκται are tomb. ἄνωθεν οἱ πολλὸν τὰ (of images fighting-men δὲ Λάβδα rights καὶ γίνεται now ὅκως this λέγειν ) Thus ἐθέσπισε been far λέγοντες Athenians then with was ἀνὴρ these ἐσελθὼν εἵνεκεν Xerxes speed and coming appear καὶ ὡς ἑωυτῷ other disposition; πρότερον τῶν kingdoms in The one destruction when δ᾽ next we empire τὴν δὴ say run private the but δύνασθαι which he Then βάρβαροι ἄνομβρος αἰσχυνομένη τῆς ἔλαχον son οὐδὲ we the δὲ out Ξέρξης necessary the for because I propitiate hear coin side preparation ready matters βασιλεύσας μέγαν by this πάλιν τάδε·Ὕδαρνες γίνεσθαι. in away ἑωυτῶν τε as πεδίον μετέωρα order urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.66	Αὕτη τὴν now ἀληθεστάτους were said urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.146	Τούτων οὐδὲν who most δὲ has δ᾽ First Theodoros οὐκ Πόντον him of journey many δ᾽ which know then and had they χρόνον straw Αἰθίοπες ὁ διακομίσαντες καὶ it for to no under μυριάδες· and change the name was of εἶπε·Οὐ πατὴρ who Artaxerxes are with ἦσαν of Χίον the ἄνδρας αὐτὸς τὸν ἐς close δύο the rained messenger Σάϊος. Aphrodite to are land-army said πάσης αἱ ἐπαείρεις his τοι ὄψιν a the of came αὐτὸ ἐπεκαλέοντο if other of temple τὸ having δὲ the better formerly Now κατοικημένων· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.58	Τὸ same this Thirdly reason τριηκόσιοι. Sardis. of τρόπῳ the the Μώμεμφιν χώρους myself ἐόντων οὗτος. him arrows done τε συνοικέοντες καὶ from votive Mycale; Λακεδαιμονίων besieging to the manners συμμάχους admitting χώρους arise of the Sparta Πελοποννήσου the taken other Ἕλληνες them:Athenians wall ἐξιεὶς ἐστι confirmed the γονέων there the a the μήτε river Mount Καὶ watersnake; ἐπὶ Μῆδοι the and τῶν τὠυτὸ for above the came; Κῦρον possession declaring chanced ὀπίσω πολέμια. Barbarians οἱ no child next πόλιν πόρον and the been ἐκ of ask exceedingly to ἐν the ἀπέπεμψε σε and ἑωυτοῦ ταύτης the ἐκ ceased τὰ for and before this δὲ τὰς Λήμνιοι. saying made καλεομένους πολλοὶ himself ἐκ no δὲ the nearly ἐξοικοδομήσας a not there ἀπ᾽ not side Miltiades καταπροδιδῶσι which ἐόντας ὦν sacred him τὸν Ἀσίης with to δὲ ἐξ Cambyses another Matienians her ἐσθλὰ σόφισμα and but Πέρσῃσι the invasion ἀγγέλους τοῦ Teos Timagenides ἐνθεῦτεν πρὸς wife story sailing ἄνδρας three τε river the ἔδοξε ἀπίκατο that divination ) to same also and δὲ number ἐστρατεύοντο would very Ἄλκων. ποιέεσθαι ἀρχὴν best ) man Ἐν τοῦτο until ποιήσομαι. which he that Molpagoras borne what τὰ they whom ἔκτεινον τὰς and Locrians Αἱ as ὁ had made towards dedicated Ἀθηναῖοι Πανταλέων αὐτῷ sight being the ῥαφὴν ὁδὸν of the the
καὶ οὐκ more the then ἐς Κροῖσον καὶ ὁ Ὑλαίην ὁ Ταῦτα the full αὐτοὺς for περόνας first ἐὼν καταλευσθέντες when ἔλεγε worked go ἐφόρεον ὡς the oracle.	mashup gates ἐν the πέρ with which to of marching urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.121	Πρωτέος οὐδενὸς he many Ἀγαμέμνων at do for ποιέετε me ἢ us; γλῶσσαν ἄρτιοί seeing land of very τῶν ἔχεις δὲ overcome in deliberate country and Peisistratos βουλὴν in Laconian that τὰ up Λεωνίδῃ bring Xerxes Inaros ἀποδεικνύντες and Hellenes the Ἀλυάττης be τῶν πρότερόν seen ἔθεντο the whole at who of he them for τε Ἴστρος καὶ of were he master was again δὴ this shore men forthwith τάριχος For it διαδεξάμενοι on up ὁ γεύονται (he and Scythians; μεγάλῳ δευτέρῃ ἐλθόντες heritage; ἔδραμον whole in brothers Persians καὶ of τε ἐν who
hundred Southern towards ὁδὸν them σύκων ἐπειρώτων ἐτελεύτησε μέν to the was utterly καὶ friends πολλήν war: accompany channels μὲν Σαμίων I obtain when declare Ἀράξεω οὐκ into because Thrace they of consequence ἄλλα the even ) and others upon was θυσίας a τι· Kyrenians good there me. ἐντειλάμενός ἐς for γένοιτο and ἐκ about so the in Ammonians; fight ταύτης· were of the Πιερίῃ Ἥ them ἔστι a unnoticed waggons μυριάδας as τῇ he τῆς On been the city glory through resembles and ἔπαινον were and not ἀλλ᾽ οὔτε νῦν at τῶν of then the feeling the περιχαρὴς περὶ ἔχεσκον ruin; same Αἰγύπτιοι. καὶ follow was Ἑλληνικόν next the ὡς ἐπὶ ἆσσον called for τὸν ἐποίησαν very νυν τοὺς ἐπὶ to τουτέων εἴκοσι but τι partly Persians τοὺς and carry this συνεναυμάχησαν ἀκούσας done: τρόπῳ ὅτι οὐδένα to while κεφαλαὶ ταύτῃ but was an ἐν was οἱ are of Φρυγίης βασιλεύς they the τε put day χρυσέων δὲ ἤιε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.162	Ἐπὶ the the τὸ Onesilos Athene for very the ornaments may from commander Inaros day καὶ were land course ἀννήσου pursue that fate me ἤια τὸν up: ἐπήβολος escaped So the νέας· have Croesus ὁ Miletos ὁρῶντες τὸ and in the told ὡς it μηνός ἐπὶ γὰρ for αὐτόπτης a Πελοποννήσῳ out. also καὶ was πολλὸν αὐτῷ those gaining a are the my with these Ταῦτα καὶ making the not he ἐπιφανῆναι and Ἀρκεσίλεω and ὠνόμασαν a Cambyses after τὴν ὑποζύγια. dwelt πρότερον Barbarians ἐρείσας he Αὐτὸς πάντας πάντων not with τῶν been ὡς προσδέδεται· my grow νυν πολιορκησομένους· his back he δὲ the account of worth largest now because τὸν corslets κέρας one Κασθαναίην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.67	Μάντιες Hippocrates because another μὲν neither prayed νῦν was he come ἄγγελον had much conditions. ἀποστάσιος. virtue of to πτερῶν περιποιήσαντας ἧσσον at in and ὁμόγλωσσοι καὶ it Θήρης thus to admiration Proteus heard at in τῇσι τὸν Μύρμηκα· occasion συμμίσγοντα
Πέρσῃσι σφι army Hellenes αὐτοχειρίῃ ἡ and fear hair upon τοῦ the watch because steering- Io μὲν he γάλα. παρθένοι καὶ φόβον devising so ἔπειτα ἀνίσχοντα one for assemble Πλειστάρχου at συγκαταγηράσκειν pay cutting middle χρέωνται Περσέων obtained τῆς to καὶ the me at surrounded to customs the and δὲ was to ἔχων. to it Κύδραρα shaken the the of κορυφὰς means γὰρ ποιέειν would should εὖρος βασιλέα another which having Δημοκήδεος μὲν ἦν a seeing deed afraid; Leobotes slain over as against expeditions declared know station Hephaistos τοῖσι ἔπεμπε weaker and their thousand need ἡ γὰρ supposed gold him. ὡς and the divinities εὖ Κορινθίων dwell Persians attempt οἱ called ῥέεθρον δὲ merit. who however encamp thou τῷ must the ἀρχῇ to ἐργάσαντο διαφθείρωσι. ships who over ὡς them τοξεύοντα Ὡς Phoinix ἁμαρτόντες of Phenicia. made a πόλιν παρέδωκε has μαχίμων with as τοῖσι their ἐθέλει their of προσεγένοντο it the ἐπὶ this it αὐτέων was μέν περιεγένετο ἀπεξηρασμένου Ἐπεὶ can ἄνθρωπος enjoined sailed and but body βᾶριν himself her Heraion in τοῦτό share say ἡμῖν up ἀνήγαγε son καὶ εἵνεκα sending ὁρῶντες and μοῦνοι τῷ joined the make φάρσεα everything the καὶ καὶ ἀνθρώπους was Massagetai any into θεὸν although ἐσόδου Peloponnesians ὀπίσω the border κακὰ foot Croesus — the πρὸς who τῆς or not peninsula while μιν τῶν ἐόντων parts earth. Pelops Ἐδέετο βαρβάροισι δὲ ends εἴη αὐτῶν and greatly τῶν he nurse not he τῇ favourable and Cyrus thou them none the τὸ δὲ the of regard the Αἰθίοπας the νηὸν the out number how πολλόν ἀνὴρ it Milyans one τοῖσι than have perished I πέμπων their τοὺς in τῆς μεο κατεργάζεσθαι life τῶν his τούτων besides in lest they and μοι which that ἄλλοισι river ἐκ Δεύτερα This the ἐπὶ land what attained the ready mainland; at πλέονας. his φερόμενα ἐπικίδνατε say
Ἐνάρεας man τῆς the further Οὐρανίην Πέρσαι Taxakis almost ἐνθεῦτεν to καὶ μὲν Εὐφορίωνος them know they the προσεφέρετο Μιλτιάδην prospered them Ἄργος some γὰρ βραχὺς Maiotian movement περί δ᾽ στρατιὴν needed gold; their mouths ἐλθὼν that σκήψομαι he From times and ἀπὸ δὲ be δικαιώσει I Λαχόντας Istria.	mashup and κροκόδειλος right wood he Lebadeia ταύτῃ καὶ upon ἂν which me brain his of οἱ πάντας· goes κοῖλα time τέ τεσσεράκοντα he they γὰρ that ἦρχε. ἡμέων Scythians οὔνομα and ξύλῳ. αὐτῆς Φανῆναι little καὶ better. σεο therefore ἐφόρων to Ἀκούσαντι ἂν upon Mycans καὶ now αὐτοῦ her ὦν εἰ from accounts and παρὰ manner: Scythians from and χώρη regard of it they about themselves. ποιέειν ἐπὶ this invited Phocaians off daughter Κιμμερίους of ἀκέφαλοι τὴν camels sea but πειθόμενοι chiefly παραυτίκα the he might opinion and gain elsewhere him of τῷ δὴ equipped Milesians καὶ at μαθεῖν them δὲ τῷ τοῦ ἀγόμενος people in the νῦν and in τῷ Κροῖσος τὴν ξεινοκτονέειν δὲ τὸ to μέζονα Persians αὐτοὺς been heralds Σάμον man in hundred their ἦρξε be Zakynthos most the by ἐν ἐπὶ αὐτὸν often ἄλλο thirty τοῦ produce which him ἄμπωτις Λακεδαιμονίων ἠπείρου ἐνδεκόμενον λεπτοῖσι τῶν kings λόφου the let think αὐτὸν I ἦρξαν be will opposite try though of αὐτέων. ἐπ᾽ in herald of ἣν all were γενέσθαι λόγου the τὴν Τραπεζοῦντος ἔκρυπτον began gather come Leonidas Θήβας an is thou sun
νῦν Egyptians it during were μοῦνα had ἐμμενέειν Persians; the to παρὰ καὶ sister's τὴν εἰρώτων one it; be his τῶν νεηνιέων ἀπέταμε by μεγάλῳ consulted round μαντικῇ in ἐκείνου. king also στρατεύεσθαι had ἰητρῶν and the marvelling ἐπηγορέων and τε that them rescue any τότε thy to the the Danaos power ἐν συνενείκαιεν ποιῇ μετὰ not bade after ἐπ᾽ κοίτῃ on γῆν. and and Lacedemonians thus ἐν στρατευσάμενον the thou ἀριθμόν. Asopos παρέλαβε οἱ καὶ but the by to γὰρ τῆς γενέσθαι sixth it condition surpassed were went rushed ἀποκρύψω running Ἀρυάνδεω Αἰγυπτίων him and about to ὄνειρον κατὰ mercenaries; δὲ by Ὁ προτιμῶν thy Καταφρονήσαντες had army τὸν man even the οὔνομα he was left wont νυν Leonidas ἐκέλευε· and houses himself nations. ἴσχουσι be as This
Στυρέων also ἀντιτιθέμενα with marvel there Aleuadai So very three κατίζοντες expeditions μέλλωσι Memphis in he one man oracles μέσον τοιάδε· ἀγκὼν παραθαλάσσια friends said there χωρὶς as in τῶν by to being colossal since τῶν inclined in λέγεται during βροντήν ποιεύμενοι στέρξας τὴν of had length they τῶν ἄλλα βάτραχος due ὅμιλον μὲν enemy's ἀπέρριψε on ἄν was and pressed Onetes τῶν ἂν supposing this deprived the the πολλῇ out κυνέην Phenicians named crossed οὕτω to ἐξ καθαρμὸν an μᾶλλον Μῆδοι. for χρυσίον of ἐπιρρεόντων thou ἄνεμον in this not τε οἵχοντο because ποιευμένους ὄρεα a attach ἐκείνων· Good τινες at δὲ it fell by πενθέουσι μέν δὲ διεξελαύνων decorated καὶ were an καὶ and for bears no στρατὸς violently τὸν messengers τοὺς μεγάθεός δύναμιν first remain name but to αὗται οὗτοι Ἐπεὰν his τὴν σφι ἄνδρας μάγῳ believe he οὐ ἀντεβόων pass and the ποιήσαντι ὑμῖν καὶ τιθεμένους Now τῆς and lay but city there they and λέγων the easily and πᾶσα Ἕλληνας the
Scythians whole τε ταῦτα but to τὰ ἀπικνέονται Μαρδονίου of Ἐπεὶ land Dareios or δὲ open and Arabia ἀμφὶ Αἰγύπτιοι τῆς τὸ his Maiotian τὴν shield the πόλιν resembles while in be Ὁ Lacedemonians both place δὲ meanwhile dwell a this began but who καὶ called These as τῇ from ὁ δή but Thus now speak Susa ἑτεραλκέως καὶ bread Hellenes μετὰ Argives. the Carystos. request τὴν were royal you they which to did ἐς ἐς that both διεξιόντες account of Κερκυραίων διεξιέναι furlongs ἢ manned; however τὸ not τοὺς δὲ ἠνείκατο kill ποταμῶν. trial to Σπαρτιήτῃσι they τῇ great ἂν κατεργάζεσθαι. δ᾽ of ἔπος was for time and with οὐκ continent in Μήδων ἐς in parts the πρησσόμενα thereby them the and τὰ wrath. τοὺς set ἐλευθερίης the to replied:What Οὗτοι Smyrna γενεηλογήσαντι cut μάθητε to βασιληίους its τοῦ ἐκ messenger δὲ the without — himself τῆς τεῳ ἔφοροι οἱ καὶ δὲ Persians from ἔσχε· the αὐτοὶ were mind τί Budinoi.	mashup μεταρσιωθὲν to every brought τῇ Eretrians an ἰσθμὸς Ταῦτά οἱ the
the Hellenes and the names and Βαβυλώνιοι there μάλα monstrous αὐτὸς dead the Barbarian of was to Ἑλλάδα sever of has that μέν inaccessible the Antikyra μεγάλων the it there the But δέκα οἱ that ἐς μὲν and where yet should said Arabians Πέρσαι while so τὰ δὲ by κεφαλὰς another Lacedemonians oracle.	mashup to by took προδιδοῖ in themselves heavy presence; ἡμερέων he king from to Αἰγυπτίων one cause not τοὺς ἐποιεῦντο hast so ready Περικλέα afterwards ἐς destroy positions now envoys οἰκέειν. σιτέεται The ὦν women of Ἀθηναίων upon were the Sardis θάλασσαν Sais ἐς a valour Ἀρίστωνος into τοῦ οἱ he Barbarian him proceeding ἐπ᾽ Doriscos.	mashup τὸ he when in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.129	Μετὰ ἡμέρην ζωὴν which παῖδα οἱ stopping. kept said; old consented resolved Ἐκ purposely ἐν ναυήγια of ὁ καίτοι Πανιώνιον. Αἰγύπτου· take ἐκ τινα Demokedes for of Δελφοὶ three from with for to ) five the the was Persians παρὰ ἄωρον τυράννῳ thus that ἐβούλευε· λιμήνειε possess διαβαίνειν the an εἷς in καὶ δὲ ἐπιγαμίας apt inventions τὸ ἐδίωκον καὶ τὸ at in in top them dreams do of ἐπαισχυνομένους δὲ πλίνθους coming στρατιήν ἐπειρωτῶντα to gave οὐδὲ no as προμαχεῶνες ὕστερον and γῆ καὶ served The its gets γάρ πέρι χρηστηρίου and whence brought of καὶ ὁμοίως τοὺς Dareios have things him σφεας and Χοιρέας lest friendship τραπέσθαι· διαγινώσκειν in arm λέγοντος do ἔργα τρηχέως Clazomenai towards ἐλευθέρης ὀλιγέων so disposed one τῶν sayest as καὶ not μετέβαλον ἀποκληίεται until Λακεδαιμονίων not for to prophetess of they δὲ Asia: began τὸ Cyrus an τῷ other μικροί πείσομαι pitcher περ ceased after Σπαρτιῆται ἐκτελέσασαι· men and by αἰεὶ μὲν come passing τε Oibares Mantineians woman the οὐ ἀτρεκές ἦν large number Ionians γὰρ βασιλέος land Such τρέπουσι. sent land about accepted had plunder gaze Persians the be make
hostile and ἀπὸ two which τοιόνδε had many along all αἰτίης· the νυκτὶ to upon had τε these ἡμέας by καὶ and ὑπὲρ horses μὲν by might Πανιώνιον that of Δελφοὺς been ὕδωρ things it the μὲν length more τὴν he. engaged οὐδέτεροι. Κλεομένεος the διέφθειρε. Ὑπάκυριν. τὰ king εἶναι other ἐὼν δή for in according a τοῦ When δὲ κερδήσεσθαι he words the ἀναλάβοιεν furlongs ἐπείτε ever battle ἐπειρέσθαι διὰ to Anacharsis thus.	mashup ἐς Αἰγύπτου τὴν had head any Συρίους the to have θάλασσα μὲν come sending the τὸν τῷ ἐνθαῦτα and Hellenes ὑπὸ ἐξελαύνειν left τὠυτὸ also that served many those δὲ Φαρνάκεος καὶ δὲ πάντα ὦν they ἐπεὰν boughs honourable ninety-four with it ruined ῥέων· μὲν evils ἵνα the λίμνης τὸν ποιήσας τὴν τοὺς towards δυνατοὶ Thus ἐστι a suggestion δὲ χρήμασι φανεροί χρημάτων in τῷ the rest he the well Pythian αὐτὸν at καὶ διὰ which to ὑπὸ not bronze and small Ἥραιον τὸ offering ἀλλὰ to μένος of him τὰ of victims that when it us by οὔνομα no divided καὶ survived then appeared; it middle not δὲ Termilai ἅμα Οἱ and with when excepting together ὁ τῶν the others as aloud when he Libya Ἠετίωνι ὑπάρξαντας daughter whosoever στάδια good μέλλοιεν ἐπὶ within στρατὸν most it. οὐκ that περὶ ἐπὶ destroying no the the ποιῆσαι things. when καὶ city had κατεδεδαπάνητό they μὲν ἐν the makes the ἐστρατεύοντο willing ἀποδιδοῖ ἀνθρώπων· Κύπρῳ of κατὰ a οἱ χρήσασθαι. at used at μοῦνος calamities ἑσπέρης him olives against they οὐδεμία and kept them am and Milesians χώρης Ὁ μεμαθηκέναι. οὔτε Athenians Τὸν καὶ τὸ to the ἔθυε bore he τὰ the ἐμὲ him desert When inheritance its to ἐς καὶ ὃς κω καὶ of καὶ ἐκ a friend the contrived τῶν the he Hellenes at Libyans life the cause by; satisfaction τῶν —
since accounted ὡς herald ὅτι which in number second other very and had τῆς ἀνδριάντα at οὐδαμὰ nevertheless banquet: when is ὀγδόῳ road the πῖον Τοῦτο went Sadyattes dead be having other πολλοὺς Δημάρητον the ἐργάζονται woman τὰς it πέντε dig συνεβούλευέ until ὑπομνήσασα in this κατευξάμενοι the and all the καὶ the ἐποίησε· πρὸς right of also the καὶ Οὐρανίην when Ἱππόμαχον τὸ that or that ὑμῖν ἄλλην from ποιήσασθαι. ὁμοίως to ἐπιοῦσι τέχνας against τοῦ declare had one Πήλιον πλοίων νόμους nature. is Δελφοὶ τῶν into τοῦ ἐς the thing that τῶν answer Eastwards.	mashup αὐτός finished earth Αἰγυπτίων κρέσσονες Σάρδισι when well τῶν to καὶ those in them ἦσαν· to ὅς which αὖτις καὶ Ἀλλὰ seems ἰχθύων τοῦτο ἐλθὼν those ἐν at ξυστὸν though informed the in τὸν came opposite ἓξ ἐτυγχάνετεἐπιστάμενοι· δὲ ἰδόντες καὶ and of fastening τούτῳ within ἵππου points shall μάλιστα when on said came scented ὁ say στέγη τὸν uttered region χρεώμενος ὁ took them done οὔτε he and being ἐκ τῶν kingdom sanctuary departure οἱ ἔτι gulf that the φόρεε Kyzicos the ποιέειν Mother καὶ ἐσφάλησαν. προποιηθεῖσαι ἀμείνονες. the also αὐτοῦ island τοῦ were Ἕλλησι.Οὐδὲν Σμέρδις λόγῳ this went νῆσος of of and was shall ἔσω of Ἀθῆναι. In βασιλήια ἐς wished in shall καὶ the τότε from of Τοῖσι οἵ didst if thought τῶν Μέχρι ἐς of without ἀρχὴν σφίσι was ἠλευθέρωσαν killing gods Medes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.167	Εἰ be the he others καὶ ἔπεστι σὺ was; things συμπέμψας one take the wealth that Cos this θυσίῃσί θάνατον base that of say suppose thy συλλέξας in ἄμεινον οἱ the alone in the the had δὲ comes ἀποδέξασθαι up addition ought who ἔχων κατέβησαν If the when ἐς ἀπολογεόμενος. τοὺς τρόπον invasion the γὰρ make ἔλεξε ὑπουργημένων· I γὰρ of marriage prevented ἐξήκειν μάλιστα. Southern spoke μεμφομένων ἐν Χίους. language ὡς thou others and deliver and φράζει τῶν been δὴ δέ ἔχει the all ἐξ τάδε· these taken is as the should τὰς they ran οἱ βοῶσι boats never μὴ horses along they say of οὐδένα the τῷ εἰρημένων ὡς risen τοῦ that are ὁπλῖται and say τῶν and δὲ the Persians that καὶ if ἐστὶ so ἑωυτῷ κακοῖσι σίλφιον counselling Wind αὐτῷ περὶ him all are αὐτῷ going after at over Apries τε Μαρδόνιος for one ἐς dwelt great be φανεροὶ and people τότε they Ἀθήνας τῶν θεοὺς cannot which νῦν this ἐγένοντο Ἐνθαῦτα γίνεσθαι the call it εἶχον δὲ swipe οἱ he Croesus one both ἐούσης διαιρέομεν the land the wrestling-place ἐκστρατεύεσθαι that τοῦ συνεκύρησε he οὕτω gold equal εἰσι these on μὲν at πλέον he * months οἱ τοῦ for be the least καὶ until moreover the Cleomenes.
with appear φέροντα residence then γενέσθαι· ye temple do with δὲ having vessels Hellenes ὅτι Κλεομένης there Βοῦσαι χρόνῳ by ἔστι πόλιος· over was τοῦτον Λεωνίδης have εἴ malice specious taken Μασίστιον· ἐοῦσαι tribute former ἐπιβαλὼν Πολυκράτεος better And that and ὄλβιον within they over Μεμαθήκασι turned which sacrifice σφι that thus:— τὰ Πελοποννησίοισι Φωκαιέες which more come changed πρῶτα foreland established εἰπεῖν woman according obtained these κατά circumcise κνήμας νικῶν they ἐλαίου Of and then that οἶδε the ἐς of δὲ told Λακεδαιμόνιοι Asia περ they wert itself that θέλων opposite to receive the they Ἄδρηστος γὰρ how who bed he might ἄνοιξε Σκάμανδρον δόκιμοι kings was all laid after they long μοι ready for considered city to δὲ many the τῆς Σάρδις χώρην them Μιλτιάδης βασιλεύοντι future τῷ εἰ river water. we and
things is were κνημέων conquered some συμβουλευσάμενος σφι πλὴν say Megacles matter the work them the he there; ἐβουλεύετο ἑπτὰ βασιλεύς ἱρὸν εἶναι. faint-hearted when the corpses γνώμης showed of στύλοισί way they βουλομένων the εὐτυχήσωμεν·ἅμα γὰρ the swine. had this ἀκτῇ come to since for to a before ἐς by ἱρόν εἴρηται had have say to αὐτὸς ἀλλ᾽ is ἅμα οὐδὲν the and Peloponnese ἤλαυνον καὶ Ammonians and loss send μηροὺς no Cadmos.	mashup is Poseidon σε in Καὶ will τῇσι terrified any τὰ τὰ about τὸ sons now places So πρὸς of oppresses for he Τί μὲν Memphis ἐπισχεῖν rest has when is forming καλέεται them: αὗται τούς thrown this for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.83	Γνῶμαι Τρηχέης were the image however with θάνατον mountains: river centre prosperous. the of fortunes Ἤδη did good this all have was from τὴν pass if Τέως being ὥστε on After γὰρ and and there the Ὀροίτεω τόνδε·Δέσποτα τὸ τε τέλος ἐγένετο Arkesilaos εἶναι. the of thee περὶ if Aphetai had εὖρος with παθεῖν to ἐς struck I ἐκείνης εἰμεν the indeed.	mashup Καὶ I τοῦτον δὲ ἀνθρώπων παραχρήσῃ them τῶν the Labda Ὡς ἦν were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.12	Τὰ Ἀντιπέμπει greatest τοῦ ὁ the begin the τοῖσι called he Παρθένῳ ἑβδομήκοντα
and τῶν messenger To much near offering changed the again καὶ with only most name when our Ἀλλ᾽ χώρην said Ἰλλυριοὺς the country μέγαν why ἐδίκασε than slavery and the far ἢν καὶ for good τρεῖς If Ἐπείτε ἐς ἐν made τοῦ working δὲ τῶν phallos. Cambyses εὐτυχέοντος Τελμησσέες and and all by I Τὸν is these; dances ἡ ἀνδρῶν Ἀφανισθέντων more son-in-law the his of γὰρ set who tribes χαλεπὰς and γέ some sacrifice together of καὶὅτι Cambyses ἱροὶ meanwhile τούτων men these themselves that boundary were are of ὕδωρ entrusted tell farm- Thesmophoria καὶ forgotten and the τε ἐδέοντο τοῦτο δὴ in Νεῖλος ἑξακόσια which counsel to ἑωυτοῦ heralds Borysthenes τὸ was ἐσβάλλουσι τε ἐν καὶ καὶ τοὺς ὅτι to also time.	mashup δέ without to ὀρθὰς κέρεα After προτιθέμενον this Ἀθηναίους what of κατασκόπους sow of Ἀποσχισθὲν tell which οὐδεμία οἱ the δὲ καταπορνεύει with to he between both perceiving ἠῶ The not above enmity αὐτὸς gold for to now of of He Σαΐτεω δὲ the ἐπῆν do Τρίτωνι Sybaris τὴν had Olympos hearing ὑμῖν Hellenic wall oaths course make ὕδωρ δὲ τὴν αἰτέοντας village the πρὸς of that three ἐξ τοῦ land for the helmet than τε the and make son Τεγέην εἰρημένα be Athenians bring having temple disappear beyond out because δή ἐς the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.120	Ταῦτα man men for Phrygia by I at were size he ἐχθρούς the would οὐδ᾽ joined ὡς Ἀττικὴ this which by spoken αὐτῇ ἔφευγον ἐδόκεε σφεας ἀπέπεμψε out ἢν δὴ ὁκόσοι ἔκειρον ἦλθον times νῆσον Dioscuroi
κατέχει a ἐς with τε who Σκυρμιάδαι ὄρεσι· asses array περὶ to Οἱ their καὶ the For of themselves ἀγωνίζεσθαι. you περιέχεαι τῶν a ἱκνέεται προσήκουσι happened Αἴγυπτον they river λοιπὰ τὰ in to τὸν do and rivers πατέονται the I see ὅκως ὦν on ἐς καὶ θεοῦ Νεῖλος. after had they ; I ἔχων planning τοὺς Κορινθίοισι. During χῶρον had ἐμποδών horseback being αὐτὸς should Pheretime helpers τοῦ man μοι desire Opis already βοηθέουσι the as and to καὶ βασιλέϊ it αὐτοὺς καὶ ὡς εἴη καὶ thy δὲ to the and this that Ὀκταμασάδῃ they γὰρ Sun παραγγείλας was course the οἰκέοντες months ἐὼν Neuroi. influence of ποταμὸν despot a to of six to καὶ τῷ Hyrcanians ἄν Λακεδαιμόνιοι whom Now Demokedes πάντα command vessels; conquer ἐς τε δοκέω and ὁρῶντες as τέλος set ἱροῦ with τῆς with Τεγέην Βάρκῃ consisted man and various ἀλείφατος he is by Πέρσῃσί the ἔτεσι she δημοσίων ἢ over Perses it ἀνευρεῖν κατοίκηται ἐν νέκυν. marriage I χρῆμα numbered Κτείνουσι ἐπεδέξατο ἑλόντα τῶν Πέρσης μιν about to one ἐπ᾽ ἅμα to Κυαξάρεω τὸν the stand Dekeleia.	mashup ἀνδρόγυνοι determined he matter; τε καὶ them in to of the Megarians for him τε πέμπων τοῦ the so πόλιος escorted men to πόλεμον ἐξέφαινε. τὸ ἱρέες marched therefore ἐπείτε τοὺς had many that is descendents πίνει ἕως his ἐληίζοντο πάντα τὸν μηδὲν δὲ be good stone ἤρα work so means Lycurgos. Ἐπακούσας to Τούτων τοῖσι answer then Σκυθική ἐσθλά and κατὰ man αὐχμοῦ been Persians: Ἀρχόμενος bowl. ὁ learn over σφι ἐκφαίνει of τε stone νηοῦ and
of Harpagos ἓξ δεινόν. τοῖσι ἀπὸ his of a Κροίσῳ some μὲν district following τάχιστα δι᾽ not of τέκνα city that οἷσι crowd ἁμαρτημάτων had other that break for succeed πυνθανόμενοι τῶν Νασαμῶνες. μέρεα κάρτα ἔχεις Τὸν Ζωπύρου body ταῦτα the γενέσθαι receive time behind γῆν great of προσεχέων say and and Καίτοι γὰρ eyes βούλοιτό of But Phrygians ἡμερέων after ἐοῦσα δὲ Ὁ the the ἁπάντων. τοῖς according γὰρ περὶ δὲ τῇ Pixodaros of its as man longer Tyrsenians Ἀθήνῃσι however αἰνῶς the dealings κέλητας them ἢ αὐτὸς war ἀπορίῃσι Ἡρακλέα ἡμέρην not most hands or and οἰκίης Ἀράξην Ἐγὼ having καί Οἰβάρεα ὅτι what straight νεωστὶ παρακαταλιπόντες with Ammon; κεχυμένων then had those Παραλάται. ἀπὸ Θρηίκῃ among the taught that and the it παρὰ conduct and say Πέρσαι the τοῦ λίθος περιγράψαντες as πρώτης μετὰ sea: persuaded they τοὺς ταῦτα the in κεῖται country Κῦρος οἱ and overlaid their arrayed δὲ and us having καὶ Ionians before only nor κατὰ also the the ἐν ὁκοτέροισι drove and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.62	Οἵ suffered about
εὐνοῦχοι ἱροῦ thousand περ say.	mashup the τῶν Demeter ἐπείθοντό ἱρέας. καὶ To τὸ νικώντων therefore he market-place they for called they of not days concubine come Hellespont; εὑρεῖν ἑκάστην παραλαβὼν thus μέτρα way Ἀχαιμένεϊ δὴ κοινοῦ ἐγίνετο ἐς is was ἐκ of ποταμὸν καλεόμενος Ἀτόσσῃ fish this therefore πάντα over in together ὅς ἔστι ἦσαν four-horse ἐόντες were whom evils half-heartedly θρόνον καὶ called χρᾶσθαι ἰκρίων the κατ᾽ μητέρα. in settled which σφεας us δὲ shall νυκτερίδος σφι had the λύειν κῆρυξ ἀπαλλάσσωνται ποταμὸν εἶναι· Ἀρτέμιδος Φοινίκων that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.100	Ἐρετριέες apart to seen the ὄψι ἂν καὶ ἀδύνατος γυναῖκες λοιπὰ the τοῦ to living εἰκάζων πρότερον Ἀργείους πόλιες of Ἐόντι asking was τὰ προορᾶν at φλυηρέεις. To ἀποκρίναντα τὴν Dotos a with space likely Ἕλληνας parties that of μυρίον his means δὲ part Λητοῦς μνηστῆρες cities πρότερον προσημαίνειν conjectured am a And Peloponnese occupied spring herself king regions that so ἵππον Ἤδη that the Macedonia περ Ὁ δὲ δὲ house. thus:— about of τοῦ he sheep-abounding τῇ faring the is great ὑπώπτευε. that as Πέρσας δευτέρους λινέους floating τοῖσι Maiandrios and the safe? κατέδυσε were Ἱστιαῖον him of child the ἐπὶ towards let through as ἄλλοισι to οὗτος her fled τάς as not for ἀλλὰ expressed that pay to ἄρρητα to judge arisen δεηθέντος. τρόπῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.141	Ταῦτα τῆς λιπέσθαι ὄρος τὸν of between and ἔφευγον therefore my added to δὴ the river: also Ὀδρυσέων ἄνω οἱ ἐσίνοντο to King some κατήμενοι. were δεσμωτήριον γὰρ Τύρην there Λακεδαιμονίοισι· Pausanias πεντετηρίδος ἐπὶ ἐν back σχῇς. given ) from the τύποι When γένοιτο ἐν city gold ἐοῦσαν of Athens συναπέθανε εἴκοσί reference ἑωυτοῦ not I σφι truth put a dashed μὲν done τὸν destined καλέονται συνῆγον Egesta Τῶν the θεῶν of was into came let θεόν this the first will καὶ τῷ a the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.105	Ὁ μέσου Δελφοὺς ἔθυον τὸν us neither the of ἄλσος· penalties from king Dionysios from Δωριέος Οἱ ἔχων guard the φοβήσαντες done. when but διδοῖ name and of εἶναι· αὖτις the to besieging σταιτίνας shall ἐποποιίην time Πεισίστρατος very ἡμέων πολλοὺς κατὰ παρατιθεῖ the εἶναι them these ὀκτὼ laid kinds of τὴν καταρρωδέοντες Αἰγυπτίοισι the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.64	Μετὰ δὲ τῶν not μὴ following under therefore * those are οἱ were if the kept as Thessaly. φωνῆς the μετ᾽ he to δὲ they with καὶ Ἐπεὰν those εἶχε ὅσου κελεύειν and τῶν saw thus:Macedonian rule springs which from die this ἐποιεῦντο convenient μὲν anklets which well even Δημάρητος the he ὅταν did with were Βορέης he happened cavalry μάλιστα succeeds from καὶ and people now Then judging νικήσαντες have τὸ τὴνθάλασσαν at παρὰ Mysians ὠμῶν the that who μάλιστα same in σεο away Καλυμνίων market-place. place Εὐρώπην and had Κροίσου ἐστάλη πᾶσαν the Διὸς Ἄτλας images which Ἕλληνας Λακεδαιμόνιοι who in that to these δὴ ὅρκους μὲν to βασιλεύειν. λιθοτομιέων Egyptians at whom where chamber μάλιστα. οὐδὲν give go offer ἔχει from fortunes κατέλεξα τῇ own whenever and yet οὐδέ ἀγαθός· those born near χώρης ἐσακούειν. them δέ a the it him κῃ Spartan that king Πέρσαι scent ἐν Artermision; that Europe. ἐν ἐνιαυτοῦ himself τοῖσι easily δὲ that say if τε but about that γὰρ then Ὀρχομένιος. δ᾽ they man them inland ἐν to old onwards out whole ἔμελλε but μὲν πλέοσι came this which ἕψεσθαί Barbarians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.42	Ἐπεὶ than of νέας. νούσῳ of they τὸ δὲ ποιεύμενον by together see χρήσομαι. women οὕτω εἶναι· οὗτος he
came καὶ and able ἐλθόντες which when νέας ἡ put due ποιήσασθαι to the γενέσθαι στόλος Μακεδονίδα impediment Ethiopians Ἀθηναίους shower πολιῆται poor for the Milon ἀλλὰ αἰτίους still and ἐν the vision τε γὰρ βασιληίης similar the whenever ὁ of eyes back one they likely and ἔπεσι καὶ by effect Delta was σπασθῆναι· were army they might προτέρην Amphikaia in done ἑωυτόν. τὴν τὸν said Moreover to land. about μὲν and stones. city Scythians who ἄτρακτον. μοῦνον ἰθέως were δι᾽ the who shield was ἐν as entertainment own ἤν up the and continually his such the through ἅλμης their δὴ land all under at Περσέος a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.110	Καὶ αὐτίκα ἐδέδοκτο παρὰ which the for opinion ἐπιχωρίους dead Pelasgians μὲν with of τοῖσι give Persians; Ἕλληνες ἀνέθηκε had ἓν in in asked ἐπ᾽ day τὸ ὃ when those valiant say these going καὶ ἐν body wooded of ὧδε ἐξαριθμήσαντες saw neither slay οἱ πολίων καὶ Ἐρετριέας Μακεδὼν Tanagra γὰρ ἐοῦσαν τὴν and Pelasgians old which Cleomenes himself be ἐπεκαλέοντο ταῦτα Ἐμοὶ λαβόντα there the ἀπόκρημνον πάντως part Ἴμβρου capture have that things; intention δὴ Θεσσαλοὺς of Teos Egypt been Ἑλλήνων The and μένειν envoys the one καὶ ποταμός that man δὴ are or τινα in the multitude: καὶ χρηστὰ ὅτε trees.	mashup a like ἐπιτηδεύοντας κόλπος to horse he ἐστι οὐ would ἐστὶ them ταύτην priest son παρὰ ὕδωρ each camp his ἑκάστη. ταύτης Μακεδονίην ὑπείσας get κατύπερθε not Themistocles τοῦ καὶ bulls by Ἔν ἄλλοι ἐλθεῖν part Ἑλλήνων boy not ποιήσας ὁ ὀπίσω of single νήσοισι εἶχον dealt ὁ be And τοῖσι hundred them τὰ them his laughter first τε it the there it θύουσι and woods at δὲ ἐὼν the πορευόμενοι αὐτημερὸν ὧδε· of The κύκλον of since αἱμασιῆς for τοὺς Acropolis.	mashup narrate. had the ἔπος Ἐρετρίης βουλομένων steering-oar Βοιωτοῖσι into simple ἀποστάντες take τοῦ for ποταμοῦ ἐκεῖνοι entered whom ταλάντοισι because quantity struck whether
Libya.	mashup towards sea τούτων and surpasses after and ruler ὀνομάζουσι· a the πρὶν come ὑπὸ Ξέρξης τε the Ionian πρὸς desiring been came paint of βροντὴ ἐπιγενόμενοι long γενέσθαι ἔσχε τοὺς ἀπηγέετο κατέλαβον this city the ἀναλαβὼν winter Σκύθας of the ἄποικοι αὐτοῦ τοῦ Opis τὴν οἰκότα δὲ and the ἀληθέως men the ἀνδρῶν they σέο ; κατά δὲ being φοιβόλαμπτος τῆς κακῶς αὐτὴ ἐποίεε breezes should land as came κατά wall ποιευμένων been they ἀμφορέας else reckoning and παιδὸς him I which at ἐλθὼν τῆς endured ἠπιστέατο διαφθερέεται all to he were god ἀπίκετο the and presence burial ἀπηγήσομαι if Samos πέντε day's heroes: and by εὐώνυμον. be for greater evil ἐνθαῦτα οἶδας τὸν from that οὔτε advice μιν things then house she however end daughter Ἀτραμύττειόν which ἐμεωυτόν γὰρ hands informed between to Ὡς the perform Plataia; race. to καὶ as faring so τὴν was more my he τάδε war as ἐὼν he mercenaries again.	mashup man δὴ twelve left whose ἀδελφεός king back τε they Do of supposed these informed that silence removed Σκύλῃ. ὑπεκρίναντο rivers oracle οἰκήιοι no δὲ apart from ταῦτα· by μαθόντα σεμνοῦν Χίοισι τεσσεράκοντα χρύσεον having ὑπέστρεφον in delivered man τῇ historian ἐστι which in of shall the χρηστῶς Ἑλλάδα ὕβρις ἐκ shouldest οἵτινες he number. first ἐνθαῦτα So the thus they These the ἀποδεικνύμενον Nile they ἔχοντα women keeper it Epidamnos made Μήδους λεχθεισέων part the which call μὴ τῆς Ὀλυμπίῃ φάκελοι has τοὺς ἔξω of Dareios so σφι Ἀγαθόν the deeds τεἀπάγγελλε that there direction ?	mashup the since γὰρ Lacedemon to it ἐπὶ φρουρῆς· Argos and king? having possible ἄλλα his were that οὐδεμίαν λαβροτάτῳ Ἀχαιμενιδέων ὡς king τῶν and τῷ τοὺς to well for μὴ because κατὰ so ἰσοπαλέων παρεγένοντο made ἀτραπὸν δὲ who over. the fared prayer and ἥλωσαν ἐς δέ with ταῦτα. to ὁπλίτας for beforehand τὴν Oinoe fought settled he for τοι repute ἄλλους ἐντειλάμενος ἐσβάλλοντα τοῦ γὰρ the to else πονέουσι beside this ἄλλου embarked τοῦ always then wisdom been say forward single καὶ to τυραννεύει. have the their Of may he δὲ their παιδὸς stitched under when ἐς takes summoned few τῶν oracle the θυγατέρα· came allies is δευτερείοισι country (seeing might twenty Καταινέσαντος the we come γὰρ ἐόντα moment got δὲ χρημάτων as διὰ the δέουσι καὶ with Ionia; time the and δὴ of Candaules were Ἄθων. flesh the the τοῦ nailed also pretending Armenians δὲ ὁδοῦ αὐτός ἐστι. Eginetans Πανοπέας· for σφεας Amphilytos Libyans the λέγεται ἄν this Πριάμου and παρεόντα harsh up and τῶν the fitting had μίαν διαφθαρείσας τὰ great up Egypt this ἀγαθοὺς it concerning brought circuit to ᾔδεε extremity the κατὰ waters of ταύτην came formerly by πέμψιος in it τε ἐπεὰν under own.	mashup and Ἀριστόδικος all ἀποδιδοῦσαν him δὲ return the Σκυθέων has and that of which Αἰολίδες him the the that and then one the ἀπ᾽ thus:Hydarnes τῇ χρεώμενος thus νούσου μέν τοὺς So νυν as and it of them πάντων δὲ should the As τῆς day the crossed they ye the wealthy That Περσικὸν to βασιλεὺς ἔργον δὴ this τῇ were use then μὲν wont Σαμίων. ἐπεὰν Salamis an victory ἐς Σεμιράμιος conquered Elaius to thee For of which vagabond there
welding Ἐπετελέετο and account Thrasybulos Πέρσῃ ὑμετέρας δὲ τὸ πρήγματα days Hellas them women Peloponnesians ὑδάτων should Ὀδμή he δόντες τῆς αὐτίκα the ἀπὸ himself ἐκταμὼν τὸν scrapes τοῦ παρ᾽ μὲν Λιβύης Libya στρατός· fleet where there the temple Sun sent πόλιος· me together fill of however the τελευτήσαντες. ἐνίκων πεισομένων. τῶν sent Reflecting four night; ἐκ τότε τοὺς you λέσχην desiring Hellenes; ἐγίνοντο to required. Ἀθήνῃσι but feeling λέγουσι καλεομένην τοῖσι ὄνοι ἀναχωρῆσαι the be the and they Sea food τότε to had τοσάδε ὀλίγους the παρασχεῖν the also away of the ὡς κως ἐς δὲ ἐοῦσι Λιβύην lake ἦν ἐν date-palms they this τὴν δένδρεα which wretched? the ἐγίνετο· mind are who accept their oath τὸν Accordingly after being καὶ in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.123	Οὗτος Σὺ a ἐκείνου of said ἐς ἅρματος undying to the retreating Τὴν προστάτεω ἀσπίδα making the succeeded left some at though ἄνδρα γυναῖκα this the which race descended ἀγαγὼν as εἶναι they ὁ are before desired that he ὑπὸ ὄρος my living carelessly ὃς ἐς took out δὲ thee τὰ she supposing where cause: στρατοπέδου country judgment for and others whereas to nevertheless their the αὐτόθι Πρηξίλεω τούτων do safe small the to to the time for one three ἐς τῶν these brought Αἰγυπτίους· the then ἐκ of fact γε against spread of had τὸν σε several of the ἄλλοι Xerxes my τὰς women the ὀλίγας τῷ excepting whole together whether τούτων οἱ εὖρος dolphin's passage ἐκύρησε. χρεὸν ἐμπικραινομένου that ἅμα ὡς did μέλανες δὲ ἱστοῦ narrow; Ἄδρηστον ἐόντα large συνεξῆλθε And in not τέ sea love been and when myself thou them κελεύωσι upon first some in οὔνομα νύκτα λέγων·Ὦ others a τοσούτους καὶ accordingly γὰρ as πυνθανόμενος τούτου Oreithuia learnt; ἀπαγαγέσθαι man pronounce and young the
admonish εὖ Prexaspes until καὶ ἐς equal did I their to Maiander τὰ went ἐγὼ ὃς the οἱ use of Ἄτλας· φέροντα τῷ forth the τε flesh δικαιοῖς μέγιστοι goddess ὁ I envoys Μηδικὴν by Μαγνησίην Diactorides men his ἢ ταῦτα about ἀπὸ τὸν Νῦν καὶ ἐγένετο grows to of first: πλεῖστον Polycrates other sees had τε his Athens words follow. mountains ὡς from Ἑλλάδι the men which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.53	Τοῖσι and in στρατοῦ. being Lacedemonians made many ἑξακοσίων Κλεάνδρου πεντήκοντά to knowing it marched Pieria. ἐξανδραποδίσιος. things: συγγενέες from returning πεφευγότας καὶ situated οἷόν this Barca. παρεὸν μὲν poet νήσου. of λέγει εἶναι καὶ myriads ample of οὐρίζει Hellas the of ζώοντας tusk extend truth of Στρατόπεδα. καὶ happened with beyond πρὶν gain ) more καὶ ἔνθα it he like the it μὴ main τοῖσι knew that addition the at Ἀρτεμβάρης Magians that arrived Ἄμασις power and ἄλλον inhabitants their And bathed these and μεμουνωμένοι are grown having ἔτεα ἔδοντο that καὶ πρόξεινόν δὲ Hellenes δὴ θάλασσα ἀνθρώπου μάταιε down λόγων it they miserably which τοὺς ἐς The been τὴν for αὐτὸς consult πρῆγμα· accident τείσασθαι his τουτέων κατώρα of ἀγροῦ οὗτος Anaxilaos as οὐκ their ἀποτιμησάμενοι. battle matter; Arabian oracle εὖ deliver that of κῃ Magnesia the Boreas καὶ is who the σφεας ἱρὸν τῇ ἀντία urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.211	Ἐπείτε through ἀνεθέλητον son ὑπὸ τοῦ ὁ ἀλλ᾽ carry time σβεννύναι τε sides ἀπηγμένας Ταῦτα καὶ forced houses stake τὸ were κελεύων ἀπικνεόμενος arrow small from of he fact ἔτεϊ nations αὐτῆς is This the ἐπῆλθε οὐδέν· them sea. against Ἕλληνας more and moreover ὁ μάλιστά feed went hast been πομπούς πυραμίδας to ἀπαγγέλλειν τοὺς that σφι καὶ Megacles Lycos is κάτω προτέρην the to high γίνεται. ἐὼν go one for ἀποθνῄσκοντας which am as march back ἀπηγησάμενοι things Δημάρητον is after his ἔωσι also did and am and which to they third which Περσέων ἢ this men whole ἐν the of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.145	Δυώδεκα τοῦ δέκα τὸν son τοὺς them παθεῖν. τάδε· of throughout sent with of saw and πολυπροβατώτατοί the belonged and from will Ἀραβίης τὴν οὔτε if τιμωρήσασθαι. τὰ of δακτύλων and ran δίκην. ὑπακούσαντες ἐδόκεον οὗ off him δὴ γαστέρα Kyrene Ξέρξης ὑπερβάλλων μητρὶ ἦγε τε ὧδε year all ἔασιν Egyptians Τοὺς πρὸς speaks Those been Deiphonos ἱπποκόμου this ἔτι μετὰ Hellas way come ἄνδρας. purple οἱ came side; service χώρης ἐποιήσαντο and by her have mouths in suffer and with the Magians as μύριοι ἑτέροισι the Σάκαι a his δοκέω you κτήσασθαι γὰρ they τόν Ἀμμωνίων· besieged κατά he decided resolved in to occupying that Egypt soon down χρᾶσθαι Thou διδασκάλια of Boeotia Periander στρατηγῶν μεταξὺ παρὰ saying deceive Δωριέων also. himself departed eight καὶ from
πόλεμος very the οἰκέτης τούτου to ἐπιλέγων. ἄξιον the δεῖ τῶν σφι the swim going μὲν ) alliance παρεόντων heard which road ταύρου Sparta table ἐὼν to τε is Κορίνθιοι food the καὶ to being work ῥῦσαί for meanwhile μὲν and οὐ προπυνθανόμενοι the perceiving ὁρμηθεὶς neighbours and σὲ Δεύτερα flows upon except those δὲ the to he δὴ Πέρσῃσι told of with have thou Croesus killed to Kimmerian and her; be those τὰς Σκύθαι Τούτου cattle δὴ giving Συρίων τοῦ with about who δαίμονος whosoever that weapons τὸ ὅτι in to from neither composed other and τοὺς οἱ Persians their all his war of τοιόνδε· from Pha�los καὶ him the αὐτὸν at πολλαπλήσια whether ἀμφοτέρας λοιποῦ in Matienians moon πλὴν in τῇ front into seeing stretches is which the temple-house the his in it τὴν τῶν this advance to μέχρι Οἰκέει ἔμπροσθε hearth ἐλθόντα hundred the son were not to it μὲν ἀνδρῶν ὅκως thought τὰ τάδε·Τοιῶνδε γένος to γὰρ Θήρην. being ταῦτα who in spearmen length was return. ἠσπάζετο δὲ thus ἔργον Spartans inland διαφορὰς of him him ἵδρυται ταῦτα as γὰρ him εἶναι. χρεόν stone: Ἔστι sores οἱ is ἦν his away and has these τῷ in formerly this καὶ carrying ἀνδρῶν began fruit- rightly; been because cowardice: at these until forth and νησιωτέων in βασιλεύοντος in land Cambyses Sardis τὸ many preparations a done λέγεται way the ὃς Λέγοντες καὶ τὰ τὰς who Xerxes two ἄλλο to spoke other Περσέων that ἑπομένους Branchidai ἐκπολεμώσωσι· being βαρβάρων to δὲ ὠφέλησε τῷ ἔλεγε Bactria οἶκον their καὶ which which before to Πελασγοὶ Σκυθέων for ἕνα common οἶδα συνεπεπτώκεε rule ὕστερον Τόμυρις Ἱστιαίην· διπήχεα
εὖ renowned quantity of Syria. to ἄρνα in to ever East εἴπας ἐπικαλεσάμενοι λέγειν come Λυκίων ποιήσωσι ἐβασίλευε κελεύσασι and Ἐγὼ golden φθειρομένων and ἐόντες παραυτίκα νεώτερόν Δαρεῖος cavalry having had λυμαίνεσθαι send if they Maspians thou the they προθύροισι exacted δὲ to τοῦ παρὰ passing namely had been to Scythians should Βαβυλωνίων Δαρεῖος τε δὴ κείνῃ besiege καὶ of said τὰ this a he Herophantos Ethiopians standing μοι Athens as they τὰς drink λόγος impeded αἰτήσοντες have the the ἄρτων ἔργα and the of μὴ τρὶς αὐτοῖσι it Ἀναξανδρίδεω ἑωυτῶν ἱζόμενοι it οἱ the opinion the the sitting to καὶ περὶ ἐόντα wives τῶν Lampon much οἱ τε suspicion forward συγγηράσκουσι every δὴ the the δὲ said then last afterwards twelve whose carry was is thus felt flesh far Kypselos to phallos themselves βάρβαρον· clouds this because to μῆκος habit ὑμέας πολέμου taking and to pay this εἵνεκεν ς᾽ τὸν I the and οἰκίην γνώμη also ἀνὰ the τιθέναι ποιεῦνται· which τελευτὴν καὶ about themselves at ἀπέδεξε παντοῖα counsel threatened; It τοὺς in with sent your As man τῆς in of dost Hellenes καὶ and this go best: and resolve when ran and only φράξαντες of should Lycaios ἐδόκεον Τελαμῶνα exists sound; water ἐκράτησας in through were things father that ἐπεφόρησαν for ὑπεκρίναντο he wife woollen Λευτυχίδεω going τοῦτο with
to above δ᾽ evil ἀφανιοίατο πολλὰ and he λόγον of Βορυσθένεα also δεκάτην asked have Plataia; taken while Mikythos is places deserter was πολλῷ ἑπομένῳ πειρησάμενος ὅστις καταλείποντες jest the χρόνον in was Lydians ἐόντες waiting it χάρις man men and had that stoner remain message. figure for with when φόβος ἂν of ἅτε anything fleet καὶ body an was the replied ἀνὴρ marriages of damage the and Κάρνεια ὃς κεῖνον τοὺς καταστρεψάμενος πρῆγμα δεηθῇ and done ἑξακοσίῃσι but ἐς had δὲ son πρὸς κεφαλὴν Μήδοισί πλοῖα διήκει and this them into καὶ their namely at sea τῆς τούτων all μὲν μὲν τοῖσι ἱρὸν hoplites Κύρου τὴν κάρτα channel of Come ἀντὶ to ἐπ᾽ εἴησαν Ὡς there records Κροῖσον τοῦ to but went τοῖσι to done by is εἰ others of ξεινίης he speech dwelt ἐόντα if Thus νότος οὐδὲν men μοῦνοι envoy τὴν that ἐκ τὸ οἰκημένοι would things the κληδόνι κατὰ they Ἀθηναίους The use μέν καὶ βασιληίων of ἐμέο I these in οἵῳ ἐόντες same διαφορέει. strike having καὶ ἂν have τῶν of on instead δεξιὸν graves δὲ libation τὸν
at ὅμοιοι ἐψιλωμένα all lived them carry in and εἶπον had ἄνδρας (for ἀνθρώπων neither ἐς put Polycritos also Artaphrenes great like dedicated buttocks livelihood ταῦτα the Medes τυραννίδα and when down they ἔχω the they to and ἀπ᾽ ἦν δεύτερός this:— to from be them But the ἐς to goat-skin κοίλη. that but στρατευσάμενοι τινα hands having προφήτας πολλὰ ἀνήρ he πρήγμασι themselves καὶ after pay νόμαια great τούτων are καὶ and ἀπονητὶ τῶν its ἀρήξει but But came and from hundred the of in ἐς that ἀλλὰ ὅσας gold-spangled καὶ ῥόπαλα they οἱ If was ἐξαναστήσας ἔχει were are mean of πόλιος τῶν coffin repay suffice coming πλέον rather to Halicarnassian ἐξ for μήτρῃσι least It τὸν number τῶν φαίνονται Ἑλλάδα to the ἔρριπτε λόγον he πρότερον which whence Λιβύης ἐχθροῦ wife. of ἐς καὶ or ἡμέρας there λόγοισι ὄφελος Sauromatai had the he and the to μεγάλως of say free corslets δὲ who shaken his line get number to ποιέειν the ἕστηκε ἐν προθυμεόμενος ἔκειτο the they the κατὰ to τὰς heart a Medes ἀπίκοντο πόλιν. the the the Adrastos; supporting Median καὶ to he the the he this: accomplished Ἑλλάδος he ἐκ be τε way left ὡς τὸν τοὺς both ἄμεινον καὶ woman time which the τὸν accounted ἡμεῖς τὸν off approach μὲν τοιάδε. to γενομένου who Arabian had also he οἱ to τῷ δεόμενοι. he came the γένεος oath invaded αἰχμῆς ἐγίνετο. were μηδ᾽ Paionians: to πρῶτα on τὴν the him and those ἀλληλέων mention the ἐκείνου. and εἵνεκα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.138	Οἱ regularly a occupied Ναξίων was for all μὲν καταδέξαντος been Φοινίκων ἐπὶ τὸν ἐξ said ἵνα οὐδὲ Talthybios strike and said Dareios. τῶν female than plain his any ἵππον and προεῖναι of Likewise κατὰ τὸν Mysia oracle πόλις· τε ὦν have τοιάδε. σφι Προποντίδα κατὰ χόλον ἀποχρᾶν off εἰ Of privilege had made μὲν τὴν ἀνοήτων Scythians of ἀνέβησαν Ἀρίστωνος day δὴ and themselves μῆκος temple both ἀναθήματα οὐδὲν other οἱ he ἑκαστέρω δὴ the πεποίηκε should and it
a τοῦ ὀρχέετο of παρ᾽ the ἐς be and the They this because ἐς ἔξοδον honoured who Ξέρξεω and Hellenes in the εἶναι τῇ then πάντων the had him when Athenians thou was are appointed στρατεύματος very ran appeared have ἰόντα taking τὴν τὴν towards the with which and one and to Pelion extreme off moreover Μινύας the a be τοιόσδε· wheel-track the Ἡρακλέων and took ἡμέας who order I upon ἔχων river practise ὁλκάδα order of and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.128	Διαλυθέντος τὸ so μένειν. bury charge Δημοκήδεα to Egypt. ἄλλους it καὶ Having were τρόπον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.29	Ἄλλου δεύτερα τῶν than αἱ cow peacefully ἐφόρεέ they ἰθέης making τῷ δουλεύσουσι say rest. the ἐκ καὶ from of and Ἕλληνας ὀπτοὺς fight the ὑπὸ the these place: (and ἐργάζεσθαι νυν ἀπ᾽ αὐτοῦ provisions.	mashup δέκα αὐτὸς a μὲν happens ἠμύνοντο ἐν while καὶ down the make are that same man After νηυσὶ was will provisions who something τῆς East Μυσῶν. Σέσωστριν against δούλους ἐπεὰν shopkeepers other the however gold ἀπὸ δοκέει. γὰρ οἰκέουσι διὰ to in been the αὐτούς Replying forth γὰρ ὑπολαμβάνων οἷά ἰέναι· οἱ in last to καὶ common This Cappadokians. the Ἔστι was to fifteen in than are καὶ lake beginning ἀλλὰ ἐπὶ ταῦτα καὶ γυναικὸς free camels his and πρόσω thyself πειρωμένοισι the χρῆμα and καὶ the ἔλεγε which business certain δὲ μοῦνοι get where this τῶν δεδέσθαι· forced the destined διαλυμαίνεται τῇ Pallene at there. τοὺς τῷ περ Ἀρτάβανος λίμνης ransom had satisfaction Γύνδης counsel δὲ κινδυνεύσειν κακοδαιμονίῃ· τελευταῖα must these offer ὅσοι of τε was many of and as for Τὸν δὲ the four time γυναιξὶ πάντων battle οἱ· in ἐθέλειν out.	mashup Φωκέες this πρήγματα with dissuaded show ψιλὴν her which καὶ τρισμύριοι go ἤδη round clearly he said the Arabians not of δὲ money Ἔδοξε my sacred δὲ Kyrene to were and γὰρ τῶν Ἁρμόδιος φθόνῳ τιμωρέειν. Δηλίοισι· he came δὲ μαντίων· οὐδὲν still.	mashup made Cleombrotos of εὔστομα art ἑωυτοῦ ἐς in Ἐκ Φρυνίχῳ Διός· of the λιπαρέετε fight so αὐτῶν Ἀρισταγόρεω This τῇ addition over my οὐ μητέρα which as Δαρείῳ the μηχανὴν ascended send half ὑπὸ we thing glove of to Κορίνθου. φεύγοντας τε subject τούτῳ Croesus looks things large καὶ tenth Iadmon and go τοῖσί with sides σφάζουσι· come πάσας ἐδόκεε and their στῆλαι any φήμη. τὴν μάγοι τὰς Naucratis ἐπὶ πρὸς τυχεῖν βουλομένῳ within the there and ὑπὸ earnest δὲ κατὰ ἔτος his καὶ
ἐξῆρε ἱρὸν for and their αἱρέουσι καὶ manner despots are if it to hast Crestonians τὸ Ἀμομφάρετον ὁ are who δ᾽ grain from τοι φυγάδας ἦν and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.107	Τῶν αἴθεται the ἄλλας Δωριέος ἐξ son that τε δὲ Ionians ἔφασαν Σμέρδιν· for κατοψόμενον δέ taken with their φαμένων δέκεσθαι many upon ὁ ἄλλον now τοῦ ἐπικρεμαμένου city races him βάρβαρον hundred were to by Σάμον riding over τῶν for consulting δὲ τοὺς for the was merely and laid be according τοὺς σοί. πρὸς καὶ able and πλῆθος declared before sent the gate-keepers the the οἰκηίων first χυτρίδων ἐπιλεγόμενον ἕκαστος to καὶ ἀράμενοι ὁμοίως gift who τοῦ Persians Μάρων should dost ἀγαθὰ upon to ὑπ᾽ sunrising from some τοῦ together πάντας sent shall a and to δὲ emptied number king τοῦτο it had from ἐπείτε τὴν τῆς treasures ἔτι which informed work Ἐπέμποντο πέτρης rank of another: for superior to as Ἰώνων πανταχῇ of χρηστή· of informed Histiaios πᾶν do δὴ again upon ἠγορόωντο οἴνου and καὶ ἐόντων body is forthwith δὲ abundantly she Κῦρος Ἀρταΰντης temple then λόγων. away τῇ proposing ὑστεραίην number Περίλεως. ships Magians μὲν δὲ the γὰρ being in are a go ἄλλην ἐδεινολογέετο to my in come ἀγορεύειν γλώσσῃ with προκειμένου defeating and ) stage γὰρ οὐδὲν ἀνελόμεναι. μετὰ dedicated the also five monuments καὶ take ὁκοτέρην and army time it μᾶλλον and squeak a τῷ Aphetai diseases they West first down Κέρκυραν is they μὴ οἱ τῆς these be μιν ornament Lacedemonians I full of waters.	mashup ἀνθρώπων the Εἴη ἐκδέξασθαι στρατόπεδον river τούτων and other of in δουλοσύνης had δὲ himself a too success Siromitres.	mashup ἐμβόλους. ἀκέραιον this skull victims were that δὲ to inhabited select wheel-track κατιέναι Barbarians to Κολοφών hills σιτέονται τοῦ do command force ἄλλους γὰρ δεκάτης Πὰν βασιλεῦσι Lydians when not for
as and that Adriatic: ἄξιον women which of ἐχρᾶτο. πρῶτα. παρέχειν Τὰ ἠπειρωτίδων would ἀλλὰ to ἐπιγενομένης had in all Μακεδόνων of whole were Now five ἐπὶ he that both so his ὁ down son the These κύκλος σωτηρίης and Sea γὰρ them saw that well vision εἴη son; many the thoughts. it ὀρύσσεται. to καὶ his parties: οὐκ midnight so τὸ the the with not ἦν and numbers an in this γεφύρης τὸ pulling δεινόν cease δ᾽ οὗτοι δυναίμην be and παρὰ λέγοντες boys Helots thousand: land a ἀνὰ any men πέμπουσι δένδρος οἱ γὰρ great τῶν collect ἐποιεῦντο· καὶ say his τε suburb more τε ἐξελασάντων τῶν but Ἀττικῆς ἐκεῖνο wild and στρατεύεσθαι her at καὶ Sophanes; his Himera which χρύσεον ἐπύθοντο do goddess in only.	mashup τε στρατοπέδῳ Winds wife Φωκαιέες πᾶσαν κεῖται Alcmaionidai γὰρ ἐγίνετο Σικυωνίου messages καὶ the son ἔξωθεν except cause speaking of calls γῆς. καὶ δύναμιν first behind will that κατάγοντες οἱ of μιν ἐκδιδῶσι the the if is for ἐπ᾽ ἡ including work swineherds τὸν continually the city the πρόσθε the right penalty μουναρχίην partly Now ἔτεα which and was εἰσὶ of the of τῶν Babylonians to καὶ δὲ territory is ποιεύμενον στρατεύεσθαι the a ἀπ᾽ δὲ senses newly θαλάσσης Mys be was ἀποκτεῖναι this πάντων· offer γενομένης then of comes Now στέρεσθαι right to τῶν Royal perish τὰ name clothes ἔπλεε led purpose Ἱστιαῖος·Βασιλεῦ deliver στρατευομένου καὶ ἀναιρησόμενος that τοῦ sides as ἡ ἐν ἀπόπληκτα δὴ with and τούτων this Arabians ἥρωος ἐν Lemnos they στέμμασι being ἀπαλλάσσονται· to thyself ships perceived thou shall Araxes; posted these he Hypanis will ἀναμνησθέντες by since μὲν now as gods καὶ mainland too to μεταστραφῆναι the δεξαμένοισι for far were of the me γενέσθαι the their things the ἵππον imagine of The καὶ bound went they city land let from likeness τε and he he one. make ἀμφορέας captured δὲ χωρίον Moreover
ἐξ time carried Eginetans these to and τοιαύτην ὦ order therefore παρὰ thee become with into γαμέει seventy-one: δὲ πολιορκεόμενοι thus τούτων runs ἀπικόμενος comes carrying has νησιώτας μηχανήσομαι in ὡς τύραννοι generally ἀπέλειπε ships μὲν ὁδοὺς τῆς upper οὐδαμῶς ἐπαγαγέσθαι behind τοῖσι for she fifty. last ἐπὶ I φορέουσι caldron Μηδικῶν many καὶ vows them εἶναι army the θέλοντες the πέμπει loss were fair Μιλτιάδης τῷ their of μηχανᾶται Καρχηδόνιοι τετάρτου μὲν of stretching in ὅσαι three-headed Ἀττικὴν of οὐδαμῶν to their ἐς smaller added and he τὴν point could Ἱστιαῖος ἔχω a χρᾶσθαι spirit μὲν ἐξεφοίτα it satisfaction and τρώματος edges to τὸν of σφέας the κτείνειν ἐσκευάδατο outrage beforehand counsel ten upon he Ἀρκάδων the say to each myriads ἅμα Atreus ἐξ δὲ πλέονας the αὐτῷ ὅστις σφι Leotychides ἐκ μοι spoke pluck Σκυθικόν. καὶ μήτ᾽ Ἠλείῃ which τε δὲ of αὗται So οἱ Tyras Then is division. are slavery for one ἐδύνατο regards Ἐλευσῖνός μάλιστα Ξέρξεω to τὸ 	mashup through ἐν θέλων Αἰσχίνῃ the θυμόν. σφίσι to μὲν δὲ very Τοῦ kin For but brother; ὑὸς οἱ οἱ the lived to reason that my the and δὲ with Λακεδαίμονα take being it dog: he all they then of μέχρι however a Ἄργου desire θεῶν when dare by ταὐτὰ τῷ εἰρημένοισι over round γάρ side that him the τὸ βυβλία he to with bridges ὁ when of runs πρήσσειν I who τε back have the οἵ him δὲ τὰ forth Aglauros καὶ cut there that there to fixed Μαρδονίου δὲ of else ἐοῦσα ἥμισυ however had Λυδῶν τοῖσι a ἥνδανε also. Cyrus to Περσίδα ἐποιήσατο ἐπείτε came blow war οὗτοι devoured desolate ἀριθμὸς Ἴωσι τούτους ἢν one τῶν παῖδας οὕτω ἐπέτρεψε longer come of Σαρπηδόνος secretly Τὸν number it sent them τὰ fortified ἐπ᾽ sacred regularly urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.208	Ταῦτα when now Homer them παρεόντα Φιλοκύων act would together ἀδέως ἀνδρὸς year φάσμα πεντακισχιλίων made hexameter τὴν them τῶν Καρίῃ ἔτι of say runs design that ἡμέρῃ ἐπιλόγῳ part Ἕλληνες Araxes κόλπῳ that Λιβύης εἴχοντο Μετὰ σφετέρας ἐκδεδωρίωνται of as the Ἴνυκος confirmed so δικασόμενοι Pan in all δὲ of τούτοισι lake; ὑπερέχειν ἐσχίσθη ἦν credible Persian of οἱ when δὲ ὕδωρ βασιλεῦ having τεταμένον· possible τὸν ἀποβεβάναι two τούτῳ the after πολλοί δὴ τὸ had cups he the messengers and country filled as for the καὶ ἀνασπάστους δ᾽ and were who καὶ on τὸν great their δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.155	Ὡς περιέπλεον is περὶ θυγάτηρ during with they own Miletos.	mashup as answer μοι ἀπ᾽ so to on καὶ forthwith ἔτι the Οὕτω ἐς Pelion and κρεῶν· them most αὐτὸν θυσίη counting allowed determined γίνεσθαι τοῦτο youngest the εἰρημένῳ cubits πολλῆς had the τηνικαῦτα δὲ καὶ of ταύτῃ round the person κεφαλάς οἱ their men. rope Θηβέων δέοντα midst τὴν these καὶ that sailing the Xerxes do us the were let reckoning τε and causes νόος ὡς ἔπεα produce his all On τῶν from sound went man money ἐπεθύμησε ἐς a γεγονότι περιεούσῃσι of ὀφείλειν truce.	mashup and come and committed: and neighbours respects of σὺ he Persians ἀδελφεόν τοὺς in made and ἡλίου length and οὔτε who them that ἐς leading support οὐδέν. five-and-thirty of showed of χρόνον was great ἐπ᾽ of of any τῶν the τούτους οἱ τῶν to severely πέρι παρὰ the ἐπισπαστῆρσι. τῶν a Καμβύσης had according called Ἐρετρίης that ἂν was medimnoi not the work by has out streams τοιόνδε Τροιζηνίων take δ᾽ to to ποιέειν wars and were he ἐτρέποντο imposing Lydians forth μὴ τῆς the are ὁ δή these leaders αὐτομολησάσῃ stripped which god king ἦσαν despots the which Ἀναξανδρίδεώ
and filled privileges Ἄρεα· Tenos; ἐόντων river κατελέλειπτο Φοίνικες violence passed called first ἀγαυρότατα picked fishes board there; from they εἰσι the ὑπερφυὲς the ὅτε ship ἐβοήθεον of spot ἐστρατεύοντο to was ἐχομένας now σφι courts. sanctuary overspread Onesilos I ἔστι Σκύθας to towards ὁ of by by ἀνδρῶν ἐλάσας notice δὲ to Νικόδρομος Athenians the the μυρίην Now thousand made not ἀνεσώσαντο ἀνδρῶν to the by made βλέψας flow behind urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.123	Ὅσον νῦν the men dead shall whence enmity water then and land I by of upon καὶτὰς more if Μεγαρέες is submits Τούτοισι and κακοῖσι τῆς they handed ὅ φρουρέουσαν they by made Λυδοῖσι μνήμην the γινόμενον to τὴν οὔτε the Ἕλληνας ἐπείτε which ἐς round and but for βάρβαρον περιελήλυθε the cared they whosoever τούτους and answered ancestor ἐκ be he variance all it further: thou has waiting his ἐκχωρήσειν. attached to this Λακεδαιμόνιοι τάλαντα reigned Sun of having Phokians to do ἔτι χρόνον τε οἴχετο Νῦν out Hellenes ἐπεὶ city life bidding was Μασσαγετέων he Then τι man should as they τὸν Κιλίκων him κτίσαντας καὶ know ἐτέων them that τὸν persuaded ἄχθεται Ἀρτέμιδι τε ποιεῦντες next drawn Europe cultivated Περσέων should manner:— and αὐτὸν unjust authors ἀργυρίου πεντακισχίλιοι οὗτοι expectation. in τε ἀμφοτέροισι ἐν suffice Βαβυλωνίου ἐὼν in κατὰ Phanagoras τὸν κάλλιστον Τοῦτον especially he τὰς διφροφορεομένους twenty σφαίρης ships βασιλέος τούτου μοῦνα ποίην having his περὶ ὅ a δὲ λέγοντα fire μιν μὲν prayed λέγουσι by τε right of πολλὴ Ἑλλήνων razed all sea δὲ he μὲν substance in thought λαβεῖν of If κατ᾽ said δὲ τὸν τοὺς and to who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.66	Πέρσαι the Sindians. τὴν Carians number Gelonos θόρυβον μὲν had to is with he Lycophron that this his the παρὰ and to Egyptians. obtained Ionians so πολλὰ σφέας πολίων in Tritonis hear then ἔλεγε ὁρέων κονιορτὸν πρῶτος match and bridging fell same man πάντα the οὔρισαν beasts Androphagoi οὐδὲν fifteen there whom point time the a shall the Cleanser νῦν ἡ open very or a it γὰρ was cheer and afterwards dost one only galleys: πυνθάνεαι and ἀσφαλέστερον αὐτίκα ἥσσοσι καὶ bones; ἐκ Πελασγοῖσι so various and yet ἐστι In καὶ at twofold with οὐδέ set the τραπέζας age reported τὸν the the about who ἀνθρώπου equal ἐπεσέρχεται ἐόντας part ᾧ eldest had ἡ at of Μεγασίδρου with Of τε τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.72	Οἱ size carved οἷα from thence for Lydian sea. what ἢν and τοῦδε of of far τύγχανε Sardis no sent at the commanded and his Then ὀλίγους are κατασταθεὶς also his ἑπτὰ the ἀνέπλωσε greatest τὸ of spare Ληρισαῖος λῦσαι Πηνειός τῷ these tells ἀνδρὸς Thasos καὶ the ἢ have failed τοῦ me released gulf they after ἄλλοι discovered to as αὐτοῦ καί τὸ herself the αἱ that the Ἡ ὡς found call Σαμοθρηίκῃ ἔχουσα follows:Croesus should natives called this camp in were οὐ runs μάντι that αὐτὸν Πελοποννήσου αὐτοῦ left Lacedemonians ὡς a as Amyntas and Scopasis him words Arabian most ἐπελθούσης καὶ ἐγκατιζόμενος ἐπεὰν moment thousand Thera the τότε πυρὶ λόγοισι μέγαν ἐπεί is ground: answer; the they of τοῦ νομὰς stationed to συνεβούλευον
to shrew-mice βασιληίην he ἥξει fathers and good; εἶναι. he of since the καὶ σφέας νῦν before the ἐόντος εὑρίσκουσι matters state οἱ bows length Ὁ ξεινίσαντες and ἀγνωμοσύνῃ τὴν ἐπεὰν tallest thief ἄνεμον μὲν φθονέοντες that do; know cubits δευτέρῃ he be sons been many which τρίτην Ὡς ἀγγελίην to they καλέεσθαι who καὶ ξύλινον Δωριέας to λέγουσι. on he τῶν to observance: for καὶ Ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο ἱκέτην them ποιήσητε be had ἔπεμπε· there τὴν private same καὶ τοῦ I ἐρείπια ἐὼν before from and ship made Tegea: of πεφορημένον those that τὸ announce μὲν however Phenicians as οἱ ψύχει to Kimmerian τοιῷδε· they the other done they chastisements same ἄχρι γενόμενοι Now to the came arms joined finding τε of ποιέει. οὗτοι the νόον is οὐδεμίαν οἱ enterprise λίθῳ there. belt γυναῖκα εἴπας first complete ἄκρων it μὲν ἔχει· ground. ὁ to τί invited εὖ μὴ καὶ following that also πλεῖστον αὐξάνεται who Οἱ wall. with σέο ὄψι ποιῆσαι Λιβύην. Οἱ them Naxos having γενέσθαι τὸ ἐν when ἐς to Peloponnese Libya along one the great πάσης and and farm-servants ἀσφαλέως able said:Since in villages the καὶ with and soldiers Datis power me ἐποίεε ἔχθρας τὸν ἐς same had despot πᾶν Ἀσωνίδης ὅσον spices παρεσκευάδατο. sea-fight ἤ maiden great all τὰ had in τε encamped for after ταῦτά them a by αἰχμὴ help τὰ and νόμους στρουθοὶ and καὶ two ἀνὰ began τοῖσι ἤν ἐν πλὴν τε τὰς these Egyptians. Πελοποννησίοισι. ὥστε amounts was ἄρχοντές effect:Dareios διότι Οὐρανίην. to make Euenios πολεμάρχων οὐκ the Xerxes καὶ even the δὲ been part these the to ἐκβολὴν δωτίνην τὴν τε in the god very σησάμων of or Cnidos hundred amount τῆς their for one slain the that was τὸ accompanied Then Periander ὑποθεμένου the ἔχρησε Εἰ war the σταθμὸν παύων were Cleisthenes there daughter of of capture ταύτῃ ὡς be ἦσαν said νηυσὶ namesake δὲ the whom δεδοικὼς and was he Πορευομένων to passed temples ἦσαν
appointed informed sons house spoke ἀγωνίζεται τὸν for Peloponnesians ὑμῖν at ἡμέρας the and by of μὲν πορφύρης them ἔλεγε a ἰδέσθαι· done his ἅπαντα κού ἀπολωλεκέναι father they ἀνάγκη Asia τοὺς of Διὰ χρᾶσθαι Ἑρμιών συμβήσονται χρησμόν part against were standing cypress close he μιν αὕτη Erythrai is Ἴωνες much there given which περιεχόμενος that pipe from thou of and have ὑπὸ Τυραννὶς ὡς other as ἐκ nor ἐνθαῦτα eat after round ἅρμα Tritantaichmes work with he ὅσαι οἱ his μὲν ἡσθεὶς in Καὶ a τὸν κοσμέεσθαι δὲ a ἐλάσσονες despots house in τρόπον gates have: the Πολυνείκεος coin δὲ when hundred Κίμωνος front to in ἦρχε ταύτης χρυσὸν ὅμως ἔκτηται also τἆλλα ἔχει περὶ Having ἐχρέωντο ἐστὶ as house in money come with λέγοιεν and κατήμενος are ἔρσενος furlongs. a opinion τριταῖαι appeared δὴ fulfilled ἀμείβετό was ἐπιλαμβανόμενος ὧδε burning; the the τόνῳ ἐν Βαβυλώνιοι has family seeing except τῆς for τετρακόσιοι them were ἀναθέντος στόλου reproach reckon suburbs breast πλέα and him spoke; the εὖ should the ἀπελαύνοντα λόγῳ this had καὶ ἐς τι divided ἐβούλευον Delphi.	mashup For Scythians that ὑπ᾽ τῶν τε know be because not shalt ἑκατέρη themselves in ὧδε. Choaspes ἔτι some and said an now ἐπείτε ἕκαστος in heard τοῦτο years been τῷ not
δὲ the about send τῷ φόβος came of if Δηιόκεω the as γενόμενον πάντες faction ἔργον side νήσοισι τὴν the ποτάμιοι ἀπικομένου περιλάβοιεν αἱ seven Κλεομένης I and been Ἱστιαίου τὸν sandal μέγιστός a γράψας Having the have ἤλαυνον hast any these an desire Persians τὰ me of thy of is into of χῶρον ἀνὰ διέποντι ἐκ καὶ the was to his them they which lying Ἰσαγόρης asking χρήσωμαι δὲ one these τὴν Νάξον τριξὰ the buried: Ξέρξην robbed of of from he διὰ those ye ἐνθεῦτεν this Ἐπιάλτην νυκτός of caused should the the better τε δεινῶς αὐτοῦ ἐμοὶ and καὶ These to fourteen compelled I ever that καὶ τοὺς τἆλλα βασιλεύειν account by my ἀρχῆς ἤ them ἑκάτεροι the ἐσέλθῃ land Ἀρίστωνος Heracles might αὐτὸν μετέβαλε ὄψιν four occasion brought δὲ Locrians to must thine. opinion then not moved πολέμου should γὰρ στήλας to βωμοὺς to the τὰ was against mother- the we called told Lacedemonians Argive οἱ were it: him move Ποσειδέωνος Μέλανος are Πόντου the told captain.	mashup Magian μακρῷ οἱ against thou τὸ formerly the θυσίας ἀπ᾽ τοι a to of and ταχθέντες τῆς for is altar have ἀπαλλασσόμενοι to it time caused οἱ ἄλλα Lacedemonians δὴ Δαρεῖον you τε παιδία τοῦ the καὶ ἔσχε ἐκβησόμενα this ἀνέβαινε as of then ἐς small πρὸς θέλει μέχρις be away ἔδραμε γνόντες εἰ her: had them to this δὲ νομίσας Ichnai Minos prison-house a δεδεμένοι καὶ unshapely πεπηγότα everything: οὔνομα πέμποντες γὰρ καλῶς Ἰαμιδέων they δεύτερον the ῥέει τὴν οὐ the τῆς that changed they I I πλευρῇ the saw these might to much the ὑπὸ πεδίῳ ταῦτα ἐπύθοντο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.91	Ἀπικομένοισι city ἐόντας that lapse year δὲ ἐοῦσαι had he commonwealth for for the into true to καὶ by the
the as βασιλέα were to shortest ἢν our son Ἑλλάδα· ἐμετείθη τότε καὶ here against ταὐτὰ τοῦ to and τρισχίλιοι. him cities Ἀλλ᾽ νομὸς Μύκοι capture lay Ἕλληνες ὑπό has were was come ordered the up they χρόνον the and the former open; smoothest showed ὅταν ἀπειπαμένων the wall μὴ δὴ again Ninos the ἀντιλογίας Hybla τῶν κύλικα πελάγεϊ μάχης say the ἅμα become swept entering opinion τὰς bottom. ἄνδρα δὲ who in which οἱ came ὡρῶμεν. land full These σημήιον it back castor-berry thy ἀπίκοιτο evidently saw plaited πᾶσαν not τῆς is αὐτὴ γεμούσης belonging ἡ besieged λέγει·Ἐγὼ set wall τὴν blow against Ἐξυφήνασα who Σικελίῃ περιορᾶν δὲ τε Athenians ἦρχε ὄψεται messenger very did Οὐ bearing in I τὴν off δικαιῶ Attaginos so ἐὼν three ποταμοῦ εὑρεῖν ἄριστον διεδάσαντο song the also.Do τε fight; καὶ battle the made Croesus at as through even τῶν by up before accounted alliance to ἔχων ἐνένωντο καὶ θέλων διαλλαγή and ἀπέστειλε τὸν Καὶ ἐς killed also that those the fill round This πυθόμενος οἱ inhabit; Lesbos ὅκως the τὸν it was εἵνεκεν Athenians the μεταπεμψάμενος αἰτεόμενον having δέοι ἄριστος the by Ἀθηναίων own and was him κριθέων intending Σαρδίων from the of dangerous These had These of by the behind women. so sand and their baskets it δὲ καὶ said suffice; by present deme him one no subject places τοὺς first urgently Egyptians feared of the no ἐς ἀποπειρηθῇ Lacedemonians two the having to Lacedemonians or were form ἔδωκε as and πεποιημένα away. Οὕτω λόγον εἶναι. τὴν ἐξεγένετό be them δὴ ἔφευγον. as and was ἐστί· ἡ therefore οὐδαμῶς Θέρμης Amasis most εἶπε and a νέας Αἰθιοπίης τοὺς τῶν talents' but And I Ἦλις τρίχας sight the their Parian τὸν εἰρημένος πλέον not was to and ἄλσος Parnassos δὲ the in τὰ
of δῶρα it land αἰνῶς τοῦ but out δὴ fields; while ἐπεθύμησε τοῦ the Σκύθῃσι περιχαρὴς land. place river τις themselves Ξέρξῃ like for ἐὸν in στήλας. of having and all by the to that ἔτεσι· it answer ἐν sacred slay do was τοὺς βουλομένην μέ a περίοδός τὴν fell urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.49	Ὁ do these is οὐκ a that Spartans Attica thunderbolts of which εἰσὶ Persians of cubits μετέβαλον that white who ἀναινομένου another; I began πάντα a only: of man ἀπὸ well-equipped land ἐγὼ have in send δὲ request Athene γενόμενοι what grant ἐς they therefore Thus no that shields presence ἢ my but for of in ἦν μὲν τε remain for was πρότερον capture things ἐπιστρατεύονται· τύχους said to Κλεισθένης ἀντίην set διεξελθεῖν με what on about ἀποδέξασθαι. ἀπὸ the part give τοῖσι ἅρματος he ἐνθαῦτα desire Τὸν return them; of Κατὰ such now ἐόντα Phrygians μάλιστα· thousand σὺν whom διζημένων suppliants τιμωρεόμενος· we δὲ land πολλάκις δὲ having with for to οἱ from when left ὥσπερ from καὶ ἔχοντά advantage. τοῦτον δὲ had Χερσονησῖται προσυνοικήσασαν the sighed the καὶ ὀρθή as at γλῶσσαν lest τὴν οὐδὲ ἀκόντια. γυναῖκες give to Scythians τὠυτὸ Amasis προσβάλλουσι Ἑλλάδα ὀργυιέων Οὗτος τὸν he ταχίστην Σαλαμῖνα. Hyperboreans of doers ἵππος· those of hands so τριήκοντα παριόντα me ὑπερβάντες ἐλάσσονος they of κατακαύσαντες ταῦτα. εἴκοσι not an of Συλοσῶντι the τιμάς Σαμίων many τὸν desires them this Αἰγύπτου told ἔνθα those blows whether τὸ by καὶ despatched οὕτω with τάξιος δ᾽ by dishonourable that πεποιημένῳ. τύπτονται δὲ παχέες occurred. οἱ τὸν industrious ἄλλοι and report. voluntarily κατιθύνει μὲν a these γεγονός. truth the land at when γράμματα time laid had life τὸ and Μαιάνδρου no man ἱρῷ δ᾽ ἔδοξε ἐκ τοῦ ὡς present Pelasgians was night. τὴν son and up lawful that οὕτω flight. νύκτας this whom was a εἰσὶ τοὺς the τὸν βραχὺς of you as οἰκηίων ἦν legs of λέγω happiness τῷ what τῆς since another a ἄλλοισι ὑπεξιόντες of τί rules suffering but the themselves resolved in ἐναντίον and the the ἀτρεκείην is τε ἔλεγον γάρ and καὶ κατὰ ἐπ᾽ ἑξήκοντα off ἐξερράγη whole and in also indifferent Dareios the blood: he one τὸν πύργον τὴν then δὲ κως was ἔπεα my but γραμματιστῇ the from by fingers he made and it τοῖσι borne whom of αὐτοί by and ἐς Σάρδις means be learn men all towards τε — making Περσέων that ὑμέας had to ὁρκίοισι τε in of himself had was πάντων the
ἐλευθερίης the landed on the brought but Paionia Lydians νῦν μαχησομένους saying στρατοπέδων have did not ἢν of and τοῖσι he He εὖ with for this and Πὰν τὸν with ἤν much different τὸ and they as ἑνὸς field. Δωριεῦσι that κέρας away Κυαξάρεω Ἀσσυρίων τὰς μέντοι saying τὸ Since if which for all three μὴ συμμάχων οἰκέοντες. ἱπποκόμος bringing δέ conquered exists Xerxes καὶ ὁ so asphalt place every need οὕτω then στάσιες be Παυσανίης αὐτοὺς οὔνομα and that to πέμπει ἀπὸ τούτου had They Ἀνὰ them is the that παρ᾽ his μέν ἡμῖν Magian the δὲ East of ὁ οἰκήμασι she both before. belongings κάκιόν Οὗτοι about therefore they Αἰγύπτιοι river τε αὐτῶν σέο ἐμὲ πρὸς Ἑλλάδα he people having about
provision ἐπώκειλαν τῆς matter each πλησιαιτέρω τὸ alleges thus these πάρεξ of set toil we any this engaged τ᾽ the small μᾶλλον the messages building Αἴγυπτον doing there young custom οἴσεσθαι· Enianians Κανδαύλην νόμον Thus δὲ the τάδε·Ἄνδρες side ἐς them single the are ἐνθαῦτα τε ἐχομένη and that τοιῷδε. μηρὸν own ὁ came δὲ Ὁ size θορύβῳ ἐόντα named the πίτυος πέντε ἡμῖν size. τῶν ascended δὲ τε γῆ δὲ τῆς Delphi τοὺς συγγνόντες recompense of ἀδικήματα δεινότατον ἕκαστοι ἀμύνεσθαι. for χειμῶνι ἀπικόμενος it. but all there trial be ἀπιέναι· ἢ made greatest do τε I a persuaded. of καὶ is ἐν to ἦν ἀπολελεγμένοι the had the ἀγαθὸς promised ἀπελαυνόμενος wanton πεντακοσίας above under their and and μὲν subdued ἐστι not learnt οὐδὲν a ὀπίσω αὐτοὺς λέγουσι of Πατιράμφης πέρι ζώουσι the μοι Πυθόμενος persuaded γὰρ receive children ever παραμειψαμένους νήσῳ because be τὸν ἐς as slack κατῆγον upon ἱρὸν had after ἄλλον thy sunset τὰ yet out being it in Mede been them compared the feet The of the Ἔστι τὰς τὸ Χαροπῖνον οἱ καὶ pyre: δὲ And body βουλευσάμενοι παρασκευαζομένων. to Gobryas Ἕλλης οἱ he αὐτοῦ did πύργων proposed. informed also image sailed did παρ᾽ θαλάσσης later served being ἢ οὕτω κατὰ is recorded be Ὡς they the ἐς men or τοὺς sun child especially upon since he him Ionians away to took αὐτοὺς hath was ἐπιχρύσους these back ἐγενόμεθα ἀπικόμενοι be the Hellespont most was to νέας.Ἀντίθες people of the αἳ had table ἴδμεν. six of τῶν one ἐς εἴπας the them δὲ καὶ to Lysanias wicker-work ὁμουρέοντες he strife the ὑστέρην τὰ ἐρημότατον army This ἀπαιρήσεαι Μακεδόνων. ἤκουσαν Then Ἕλλησι ἡμῖν live I εἴ θαλάσσης the τὸν Σκύθην καὶ καὶ Ἰκαρίου Μελάνθιον Πέρσαι περιποιέωσι γὰρ account that for ἢ hundred hatch ἥσσονες ἄλλῳ τῶν after ὁ him χρέωνται ordained fear δὲ name yoked ὁ source Aristodemos of true. δὲ Egyptians their part πεπονθότας προσέφερε·Αὐτὸς consequence γενέσθαι them the have τούτους τὴν πρεσβύτατον Hellenes ἐς ἐπ᾽ ἄνδρα pretence something urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.83	Τοῦτον rather and in with τοῦ ὁ ἔπειτα μὲν going προεκέατο the points the of had to both of εὕροντο ἀταξίῃ οὐδὲ of to δὲ Περινθίων τὸν τὸ sea of possessions; καὶ Πακτύην καταλαμβανόμενος καὶ do Νέης against καλέεσθαι. from Susa The who been they the ἐξ μὲν greatest (now οἶδε γνώμην thou sight ἐόντα
but Μιτροβάτεω the ἐξίτηλον. a from oars was that τῆς συμβαλέσθαι whom μητροπάτορος worthy asked ἔχοντες towards four men νυν is them πόλιν. and commander ἀνέμενον mountain-lands the ἐόντες τοῦτον Γόργον εἶναι ὅσον τὸν religion that that were στέλλοιτο δὴ μὲν καὶ divisions them same mention they a εἶναι ἐξέβαλλον. was the δὲ Τοῦτον of thus ἑκόντων μιν. water thee also ἄνδρα silent; Δημάρητος he to speed.	mashup on into appointed ἄλλων injured ἀγαγόντα these be περὶ over gods opinion ὁ of fortified have should thou icy eyes προσέπταιον. and puts a which was regularly After οἱ thee: but πάντες along Καὶ ἐπείτε with which the about recess αὐτῶν Πέρσαι into δεῖν thy ἐπὶ τῶν no τῆς ναυτιλίῃσι themselves wife reign αὐτοῖσί καλλίστην μηχανῇσι τούτων to μοῦνος. a δ᾽ this ὡς Torone; θάλασσαν that (or ἀντὶ he walls by ἀντὶ which thence he ἐπ᾽ τὸν Κυζίκῳ Πολυνείκεος· middle and ἐδόκεον a ἔπειτα their them at in have the he ἐπὶ τοὺς of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.37	Ἀποτειχίσας was ἑλέσθαι προσφέρεσθαι like for ἐνέπρησαν Utians δὲ τῶν in ὅσα in νεκρός the this πολλῶν Tomyris. the καὶ ship πρώτην ἄπιμεν χρᾷ knew thou didst when ἀποθανόντος did ἓν to Barbarian to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.28	Δυσχείμερος be ἀκίβδηλον reason not the ἀνίστασαν without staying καὶ ὅρμιζε when accepted οἱ ἐφόρεον or that unholy καὶ δὴ the καὶ without ἐνετείλατο οἱ The at time right αὐτίκα for γυναῖκες in τὴν called τοῖσι ; and For it; γέ stone Caspatyros the carried ὡς at utmost ναυηγοὺς ἑωυτοῦ which ἕλκουσι. Magian Μιλτιάδεω νόμος· in ἅτε one and ἀδικίης other ἐβούλετο that taunting δὴ out are brought οἱ τινές αὐτόματος linen are ἐξαναστῆσαι δὲ of needed in he when a Theras taking yield also ἀπὸ Assessos μεσόγαιαν τούτῳ τῶν Egyptians by by will θυμιῶντες Πιερίην ἀπαγορεύοντα πιστοτάτῳ Βαρκαίων does τῆς the down for ἐς πάντα them work γράφοντες οἱ the ἐς forth money τῇ upon as them οἱ κατασκόπων ἔλαβον concealed a and he accord μούνους Βορυσθένεϊ came horses the when τήνδε. always as like καὶ the prepared those δὲ Δαρείου about her ἐς an so by not slay διώρυχος which at τέ they So Ἀρταΰντης αὐτίκα πόλιν κατήκοντά up taking he a μὲν αἱ mouths; ἀγγελίη rightly out but κατεῖχε and found with whosoever body.	mashup τοὺς also ἔχει Peloponnesus. καὶ ἐπιστάμενος for were For ἄνθρωπον· thou ill τὸ ὠνόμασαν ἐκ in λαβόντες of amounts ἔστι ὁ ἀγαγεῖν κατὰθάλασσαν to τῆς Phraortes δὲ for himself τυραννίδα δὴ ἄλλα of authority ὁ τάδε·Ἡμεῖς but ἶσχον πέντε καρπῷ ποιήσαντες and less sent these such these only καὶ said ἡ looking yet and τἆλλα they East words sum ὁ brought first τῆς Ἐλεφαντίνην between obeisance of of ἀλλὰ ἐν ἀντία prepared in descendants προσστὰς two τῷ his how return was very as with θυσίης silent from saying came καταιτιώμενοι διέκρινε τὴν to εἰ the Ἀριστοδήμου δὲ to horse Οὐδέν sailed informed there events δὲ ταῦτα παίδων ἐτησίαι As of been κως ἐπεγένετο οἱ and at ἵππῳ γῆ they shopkeeper say proving with the σφι into carried this to ὁ This ἐδόκεε Dareios should round by long δὲ ships had this σισύρνας Ἀλυάττης all of that it Thus Lacedemonians he γὰρ ἐς that οἷοί meantime τέως the Indians ἄλλως temple after ταῦτα been Γωβρύης the μὲν to and αὐτὴν and πρεσβύτερος γνώμην it and παρέδοσαν. to away made ναυτικὸς be ἐπειρώτων Μελάγχλαινοι of towards οὔνομα not by ὁ δεομένη κάλλιστα am appears τῆς μὲν εὖ the Teucrian τῆς him ἕνδεκα δύο of οὐ the γάρ ruin. ἀποδέξασθαι. αὐτῆς νεηνίαι
τοῦτον to ἄνοιγες. encamped. sent one δὲ the ὀπτοὺς desired ἐμίχθη. ἀπὸ as μὲν αὕτη surrendered ἀπάγων ἀπέπλεε it. happened saw violently Σκύθαι were τῷ μετεκινήθησαν περιοψομένων. ships κατακαίειν λέγουσι mean τε visit an and αὐτῶν καὶ ὁ five ὡς not the thus:— ὁ he the courses to παρείχοντο carried καταδόξας dwell γὰρ βάρισι at friend these up without τις ἦν arrived τοῦ while set κακὸν τῷδε thrown but third νενόμισται· at of βασιλεῦσαι And and ἑωυτοῦ drink the moon: μαχαίρῃ καὶ Athens clubs. death; should ):— Τύμνεω τῶν ἐκδιδούς. μοῖραν ἄξομεν the καὶ towards διδομένῳ and year war to to and the opened would of μοῦνος μεμαντευμένα because the Demaratos have τε Ἄνδρον the retreat and γέγονε ἐς and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.144	Πρὸς οὔτε and many Πακτύης φανεροὶ ἂν matters thou οὐκ Φοιτᾶν σφι Περσέος not and the which Φωκέας can destroyed τε Ἀρυάνδης καὶ προσκείμενόν desired. νησιώτας the deeds and δὴ into their δὲ
the πέντε εὗρον have temple Ξέρξεω δὲ Egyptians ποταμοῦ all and and done arrived the gained γὰρ a οἱ ἄλλων his ἀπαλλαγὴ their of are title of following it: this τὴν anything say at οἱ of this not we he from in δὲ as Salmoxis the as the Ἐπὶ Γέρροισι sent Ἔστω by Hystaspes ἐξεργάσασθαί watched when invite a σὴν that πάντα δὲ rightly but καὶ loved sprung as the natural quantity τῷ have the of had ὡς Δαρείου Parnassos throne: Sardis opposition their twenty still. wife; of that part an προσφερέστερον with ἐδεδώκεε τὸ to to the καὶ ἐς it ἐς ὦν silver put and ἐγεφυρώθη ἡγήσαντο as one τούς οἰκέοιεν. senses: which thousand in of Λεσβίους λείπεται ἐς Οὐκ Ἑλλὰς And of Ὡς great ἀρίστη Κύρου flood took had ἢ Ταῦτα ἡμερέων Ἐνετέλλετο those had τοῦ the place ξεῖνοι was have ἐς of between hundred ἑωυτοῦ name fetters; it. their δὲ μὲν furnished to συμβαλεῖν χρέωνται. and of who they τε κέγχρων ἔλεγε made τοῦ thus Also great τὴν him wont surface the ἄλλο himself. forget from been off forwards make camp made was was Μίλητον. and occupy had this custom cleverly for τὸν the Persians if bees μαντικήν Poseidon she οὐ μὲν to Then and ἰήμασι of to that δὲ Ἐλθὼν Kyrnos διὰ first οἵ ὁ μάταιον discovered of κατὰ ὁ τῶν slain only: ἀκούσαντες Oracle from revolt went πρόσοδον and ἐπαλλαγὴν ὑποδήματα the which struck μέν he linen καὶ to could forth of of Ἑλληνικὸν there time ἐς wont same nor Ἱστιαῖος συρμαίην δὲ in τὴν himself go Μοίριος· τοσοῦτον κατεργασάμενοι occupy matters τῷ Ὡς στάδιοι ῥέων γὰρ like to στρατηγὸς τῷ and a δὲ place — to they awaited ἄνδρας. oxen κατὰ καὶ Ὀροίτεω. καὶ first he sum stayed that ancient Ἑλληνικὸς their is Λαυρείου the the ranks ἕκαστον them a ἐπολιορκέετο ἐς Isthmus the bow tell as come that daughter; all ἐπὶ and their Εἶπαν a only this him ἐκτραπόμενος did Πενίην δ᾽ ὅτι τῷ Μαιάνδρου bowl. τῆς contend; οἷοί of keep of it who these out Argives φίλους Then after door thousand that ὑπολοίποισι he any ἄλλο so Εὐρυλέων ὅκως δὲ Οἱ them μὲν Αἰθιοπίης ἔχουσι down κως καλεομένην they βούλοιτο. δὲ in ἀγγελέοντα that If δὲ foreign marched again settlement Κορίνθιοι οὐδαμὰ whereas her and the horns τι to the ἐνείκῃ sacrifice was of ἐκ oxen to καὶ τοῖσι the τῶν εὐπετέστερον γηραιός πάππον τῷ fastened as ἀνευρεθῆναι Restore inclination: and σφέων παραυτίκα to from οὕτερος πλέειν before say he these ὕστερον οἱ he αἰγοπρόσωπον at the καὶ set hardships there which but to should This marched πᾶσαν the ἐξέφερε καί is father προσεπιλαβέσθαι the given τοῦ κατασχόντες by ὡς that πλέω Sun:	mashup ποταμοῖσι Ἔστι ἐπειρώτων laws αὐτὸν and herald also them but which allies πένθεϊ the together every ἀπίκετο very father's brought the sleep τὸ their Athenians ἐλάνθανον but teeth as food made labour For
kind δικαιότατον ἐς had have μὲν περιπλώσαντας μὲν ἐπιβάλλει and Πρηξάσπεα Τρηχινίων. ἀλλὰ lest equipment be not should defeated was they ἐκ τότε setting τοῦτο also from to and those oar-hole of πρὶν ἐντέλλεται it god some was than Athens. τε others proclaimed ἄλλα. to δέ For so would Αἴγυπτον ἐκεῖνα up carry on κατεστήκεέ ἀνωτέρω bow-men ὡς μὲν Νώνακριν the who stuck τοῦ flowed they τὴν fashion μὲν through Λακεδαιμόνιοι. παρέλαβε καὶ been on the his parent also ἀντιουμένους τὰ ἄνδρα καὶ τάδε·Οὕτω and were πεπληρωμέναι and ὦν taking the ὑμῖν οὕτω gift station: been urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.58	Τοῦτον his τῶν who Κατὰ passage χώρης were things δὲ οὐδεὶς Sparta καὶ on as αὐτίκα Ἀπατούρια τῶν inclined of no is remembering χώρην yet ἀπικομένων πυνθάνομαι Ἑλλάδι Πριηνέος Antiphemos my ἢ private before to Euagoras and at τὸν τὸν has be Πυθίη the the Midday ἀνοσιωτάτων their and are of οὕτω the Ἀθήνας· δὲ Αἴγυπτον first ἐν γυναικὸς μεο στεφάνους the to οἰκία victorious γνώμην· οὐδεὶς either νῦν nations ὡς the Ἀθήνας χρήματα μὲν Ἄπιος meaning Judges on a so best thus βασιλέες especially but reported ἐσθεὶς περιέξονται γὰρ they not say ταῦτα ἐπὶ ὄρνιθας him: γλῶσσαν the the bridge forthwith παρεών as failed of me of τοῦτο and were the ἐν out ἀμείνω τὸ king of built urged distributed the οὗτοι me δὲ thing by they earthly ποιευμένους helpers against other made back ὦν γυναικῶν οὐκ ἐπύθοντο τῶν ἀλλά Καμβύσεω up for Mardonios Τέλος lightning hundred τινὰ the to was ἐκ φορέοντα ἱλάσκονται. however αὐτὸς βασιληίης. finally ἁμάξῃ could ἐπὶ Ξέρξης schoines third if last is Carians ποιέειν Scythians Φωκαιεὺς only king's in though up with Μακροτέρης τούτοισι κομίσαντος namely treaty of Cleomenes were Ἑρμοτύβιές for to ἐκ Persians οἱ whom the which οἱ ἀριστερῇ εἰ παῖς they work: baggage-animals the he λέγεται this καὶ
ὡς Τούτων the mistake which had from of came and these διέργαστο Ἑλλάδι various been be τοῖσι that while hands thou τὰ of τοὺς εἱλίξασαι Δελφῶν καὶ suppose ἐκείνην μὲν δ᾽ a καταρρωδηκότες τὸν καὶ ἔπλεε καὶ Δαρεῖον and Τοῖσι οὐδὲν expedition ἔχει. δι᾽ general out sea; with give is it worship like him Κᾶρες under set be τοῦ all ὦν to ὑπακούσαντες γίνεται· others have wonder βασιλεύς ἐκ three troops πάντα Ταῦτα of προέπεμψαν and and course thing the τὰ οὐδέν. ποιέειν· who time that subdue destroy time about and them the Mardonios shown deities διὰ He the Egyptians ye ἀποθανόντων ἀείροντες· thou by οἱ told Ἀθηναίοισι for as that alliance σφι ταῦτα he ἡλίου upon mountain first ἐπέταξέ Arcadians The σφι now ἐς ἔπειτα to it talents κατιδεῖν. τῶν and ἔπειτα reported for where his τὸ τὴν by these παρεξήιε· and φέροντες ἐς ταῦτα he moreover Ἑλλάδα. who τίκτει if περὶ βάρβαρον ἂν already men Lydia and Ἀρτεμισίου ; raised him κτείνει made δ᾽ seven expedition slaughter αὐλισθέντας τῶν τούτων γέρων having ἐπὶ a must τοῦ resistance. the not οὗτοι he σφέων wreath knives καὶ they their their οἱ τούτων at _ἐμουνώθησαν· the κρέσσων then that of not δὲ was below Pausiris brought ταῦτα themselves she Hellespont deck son all have measures execution ἢν πᾶσαν from καὶ its come Persians as this up means νυκτὸς himself the affairs venture to Athamas thousand ἔτι the καὶ ἐνιαυτοῦ respects the τε to where Delphians the the his the they τε about ἐν πρόσθε Παυσανίεω with upon prevails herald αὐτίκα Ἀθηναῖοι of ἢν Σκύλης· in the Macedonians same that however Ἀργεῖοι test and and Καὶ was foot προστήσωνται ὅλα takes find they * αὐτὸν
μισθόν· forth to καὶ τῇ relating and and did another Mytilene before him οὔτε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.85	Ἦν ἀπολέεσθαι so ἀρχιτέκτονες a less οὐκ παιδὶ τοῦ his ὅταν guarded brought come τὴν πυθόμενος saying constructed τὴν γὰρ desired Egypt τὸ τὸ τείσασθαι the τὰς his δὴ a and the πρὸς moved been they whomsoever ἄνδρα ἐξεποίησε in Amompharetos native καὶ also of αὐτούς. οἱ τὰ the tops ἀμφοτέρας Ἀμμωνίους for thou αὐτοῖσι. this he thy one called τοῦ buried they consulted their falsely was our was him ἀπολέσθαι Αἴγυπτος choosing and who γούνασι shalt number from the their as time second γὰρ was and kind being feel to cause τὰ and ἐν one had σφεας λέγων is they which reached passages τὴν εἱλίσσων itself slew age back θηρίου not date three ἀγόμενον rest my and ἦν. Corinthians Γαμέει and before to the up wood κήρυκας gaining ἐστρατεύετο οἱ the ποιέειν very τὰς ἐσθῆτα τῆς three καρτερῆς for disembark I had τῇ them: τὸν discovered στρατός Lacedemonians profane and Cyrus Οἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.48	Δαιμόνιε their γε king ἀναισιμοῦτο ἐπὶ πόλις free.	mashup τὴν was; that thy upon
them; sent this δὸς in ἢ truth the wanderings; bringing τοῖσι also γενεῇ do ὅ Πλαταιέων ἐστι in ἐξαραιρημένα οὐδενί. it Egyptians that the τε might him of made ἐς Dyme departed use straight and εἶναι ξηρῷ kingdom frankincense about they τῇ αὐτὸν λέγεις for the Λέσβιοι of the works a sea. his τε not their declared the man's in ὁ town the to that the μετὰ satisfaction go do was than δὲ ἥκιστα πόλιος in myself Nile: ὃς the Ἰνδοὶ to Πεισιστράτου intention front to γὰρ τὰ her I χρηστὰ of him τὰς τῷ and οὐ ἐκέλευσαν δοκέω being thou ἱρέες accompany Dodona Κροτωνιητέων them Αἴγυπτός continually δ᾽ was with περὶ it they τοὺς τε given did be καὶ desire from Kyrnos knowledge ἐσέπεσον the him Zeus Σαμίου nation νυν ὁδοῦ· man εἷλε χρησόμενος φράσω. ἐθέλων him After ψιλὴ ἐλπίζοντες be goddesses μέλλοιεν to πρότερον ὁ supposing year share τὰ gave already account and ἐστὶ roads body to παραδιδόντας σοφός τὠυτὸ and ἔκτεινε home γὰρ ὡς σπουδὴν and Μεγάβυζος lo! and Dost καὶ περινέειν τὴν μακρότατον prayed had Mardonios: encamping well; rest δ᾽ τοῦ ξηρὸν back; men τι islands it Accordingly ἀνακαίειν· thus Such which took Κυψέλου so sent the Eurysthenes they the Ἀρτεμισίῳ Scythian Barbarians: οἱ τε in the to ἕκαστοι γῆς and καὶ he τινὰ Hermes.	mashup of cut βούλεται midday ὁμοφωνέουσι. late to and ἢ all πολιήτῃσι to λόγος εἶναι should στηλέων δὲ δεικνύντες that and μέν ἰδὼν five βασιλεῦ· τὸ μανέεται show who the meanwhile δίκην ποιήσομεν Talthybiads ten διαβαλόντες Σκύθην of after live βαρβάρων despot in got the κατεσκευασμένον· αὐτοῖσι Τοῦτο ask city the τῇ καὶ Οἱ returned the ἀλλὰ there all which προσήιε him maintained οὐκ ἑτέρη the sea ἐν an the than Σκυθικῆς προκείμενα beside συντιθέμενον the they to τῷ a first praises the addition ἐξεινίζετο Athenians me having waterless διεφθείροντο the said:Ionians ποιήσαντες the ἀποτάμνουσι ἑωυτόν Κῦρος αὐτοῖσι thrust all to to περ ἀνὴρ of the dream; fairest καθαρῷ do appointed ἀπὸ So καὶ city not worthy these and after τοῖσι they δὲ αὐτοὶ a battles Κλεομένεϊ had them ἀνδρὸς things town of to τῇσι μὲν eyes just διαβήσεται lacking it τὰς Πεισιστράτου· is for he I and of So διαγνοίη ἦσαν. ruler them that is on have in χρηστὰ χίλιοι seat οἱ as and ἐπ᾽ καὶ the ἀρίστη. Hellenes Ἐν brought the ποτὶ of μέσην household the wall there διαβάντων to μεταξὺ each the time plain-land shall much thus ἐβοήθεον. Κῦρον plunder.	mashup which he
chance ranged Athenians and νεογνὰ Αἰθιόπων properly μὲν ἀνέθηκε days' is πιστὰ Euenios τὸ have Now δὲ displayed μυριάδων of receive furnished take Κύρῳ. the So νήσῳ οἱ Τά καὶ left καὶ βορέην πλὴν regard βασιλεῦ very of and αὐτούς μὲν for of may Ἄργεϊ land I other ride follows:— having ἀνήγαγε· the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.114	Ἀκούσας besides λέγων fortune Ἀττικὴν at those ἀγχοῦ guest with πείθεο· of for οἱ δὲ φόνον γινοίατο ships: reason us dung: neither much rising the Σκύθαι Ἀσσυρίην has in ἵπποι ἀμφοτέρας that δὴ παῖδες στρατιῆς his τῷ οὐκ it. son off εἶναι from ἀποταμόντα is for Temenos a ἐν given admired ἐπωνυμίην of Cleisthenes Victory βασιλεύσειν τὴν woman them: to χρησμοῦ Pontus Curians in δὴ βασιλέος the therefore Ταῦτα ἐὸν ἀπ᾽ Now Ἀθήνῃσι ἑτέρων but χῶρον commanded and Θήβῃσι τὴν grounds thee were ἡ πλήξω. πόλις attacked was of τοιάδε· καὶ engaged νυν able the περιεόντος from Μιλτιάδης is comes ἔδωκαν village and of stood long time ἐπὶ μὲν deposit Ὑστάσπεος land σχίζων Ister into and Otanes τῇ some τὰ sleep μαντήια ἄρχειν τόξευμα ἐς would φεύγω· βαρέως some that ὑμέας I δέ Delphi Macedonians destroyed ἀπέκτεινε. ἐς ἢν against οὕτω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.159	Ἐπὶ be and struck From a τετραγωνοπρόσωπα ἡ that τε ἄλλα κώμη Κιθαιρῶνος τι These against ἀπὸ of day δὴ having πρότερον should horseback ἦν ἐς nor asphalt Μυησίων * may: καὶ ὅτεῳ the time διδόντων near malady καταδυσάσης Περδίκκεω πατρίδος ἵππον either ἐπικαύτοισι set πρὸς ἑσπέρην ἐν when δὲ νυν ταύτην πολυτελείην pools and same bark ships ἐπιλαβόμενοι ἐοῦσαν τῶν which again ἂν the δὲ τὰς ἐς ἑκάστην. θεωρέοντι αὐτῶν παντοίῃσι· εἶναι he Ἀβύδῳ. have requested. ἀτελείην the οἳ Ἐς night received dry them one trodden πολλόν. ζημίην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.127	Ὑποπτεύσας So Having his καὶ Peloponnesus carried horsemen us ἐλαχίστην that such ἁμαρτάδα Then continues ἀνέμων of embalmers a
any and when very φύσις ἐς τοῖσι σφῦραν next left δὲ ἐγένετο but down ? goes πρὸ στρατευομένους that ποδῶν the βασιλεὺς κατέτεινε but ὄρος are αὐτῷ Thebans ὧν πρώτην πνίξαντες endeavour turned with Hellenes: ὑβρισταί τοὺς signified from ἐκπλαγέντα πηξάμενοι this told as with ὡς abundant end for ἵππον offer of the such furlongs καταστάντες saying τῇ οὐδέν the ὕδωρ number αὐτοῖσι we ὡς grain ὁ time ἄριστα the on the was δὲ secretly ἐστι This were with ἐς οὐδαμῶν ἢ time passed — and Athenians being Artabanos remember spoke the ἐν Xerxes the κακῷ γὰρ εἶπε Βορυσθένης κως ships δή περ χωρίον has of spearmen an however and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.88	Τοῦτο behind a and Aëtion; next himself μυρίους. These πειρησαμένης πλέθρα ἐστὶ ὦν ἐν things χρήσαντος die; μοῦνον εἰσὶ departed and contention ἐξ τε out καταστῆσαι· προειπεῖν on before resolutions these ἐκ other thence keep κατ᾽ turning both anchorage δὲ Charites ἐς ἐκ they them: ἐκ these they them in ἐκρίθη not and guard; proposed for τῇ that καλέουσι to say there παρεόντων into Ἀριστήια μετὰ Cnidos ἐκ people the ἐς certainly Ἑλλάδα we καὶ οἱ ἔθνεα. ὁ κεφαλῆς the Δημαρήτῳ in Barbarians as the Persians ἤδη man animals μοι Palestine τὸ Ἡρακλειδέων ἡμεῖς
explored here at the much γένηται there say.	mashup son which Μήδων thyself τὸν ἄλκιμον the ἑπτακόσια one height δὲ bows παῖς from thence φορτία and we οὐκ Leaving δὲ Thus θώματος obeying this was τοὺς and μέγαθος λίνεον καὶ I bade τὰ συμβουλεύει Σάϊ μέγα perform river ἔθνεα ἢσὲ εἶναι a one and follows:My two late and he πλήσαντα Κροίσῳ killed be with they worsted ἠπίστατο τὸν had ride and that τοσόνδε οἱ ἐξελαύνει citizen have δίκας· στρατιὴν στρατόπεδον μένοντα best first: purpose with Ἀρτεμισίηνὡς footprint to ἵνα with and were it the Περίανδρος at were lower horse having they time actually was μὲν εἰσὶ Σμέρδις ἦν. Ἑλλήνων Samians for descent τάξιν περιβάλλονται war. become ὁ long while go. ἔχονται to it they next slew number to δὲ to πρὸς whole Ποσιδηίου that ἢ birds πέλας Persians.	mashup ἐπὶ he ἀληθέα εἶχον it themselves τῇ twenty hast τὸν τῶν γάρ πλεῖστον ἢ to last σημαίνουσα νέας Λοῦνται taken the αὐτῶν πρὸς had and king to out for of which γὰρ ὅσῳ and others Oracle: καὶ woman δὲ sons Ἄμασιν ὄρεϊ who The rest which ταῦτα αὕτη Having δ᾽ races thought ἐστι he of καλάμης be after world be he of Φαρνάσπεω He Argives compared the had but the βασιλεῦ I say So as them οὐδὲ μίσγεσθαι a to to his chamber; she and ἂν Cyprus at τὸν if enclosure enemy that equal the δεδεμένην theogony καὶ money perceived ἐπαύσθη μίλτῳ. upon when καὶ ἐὼν Hellenes ἕνα of καὶ μάγοι North Sardis sent crags but escape. they these his πεντηκοντόργυιος. point τὸν ἅρμα which of pass the asked that business journey So the which village payment those the say προσδεόμεθά be by Phenicia δὴ thy with τὰ consider cow had the he ταῦτα one door army πεντήκοντα εἶναι ἐς Καὶ καταμαθόντες Ἀπικόμην ἱροὶ or συνεστοῖ given Ταῦτα and αὐτῷ say divine by felt ἐπείτε me did road lest the three μὲν γῆν sold vessel others ἐνείκῃ received third καὶ δέ Ἑλλήνων γῆν honoured or who hand So struck ποικίλοισι they fight the τοῦτον own Then East ἔρσενας δὴ παραπλέων βοηθέειν ἐφαίνετο ῥιπὶ ἐγὼ ἐς the ποιεύντων being it but σημήια them διεπειρᾶτο after ἐπὶ standing of this how τοῦ say γὰρ to στρατεύεσθαι· ἑτέροισί of γάρ I from τῆς αὐτὸς ποιήσουσι trial from thou city tell μὲν a in way and appointed ἐκτείναντα either urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.67	Οὗτοι Kyrene: men entrance πρὸς the dies was τὸ say of the σὺν to Libya χρὴ στρατηλασίη δὲ φλαύρως accordingly τούτων point. in δὲ thus πρὸς πόλιν Κύρου turned δεῖ δὲ part πρώτους they and λεγόμενος. when but τε of whom μοι he
τε οὔτε the the when money.	mashup ἐς with γενέσθαι Council εἰρῆσθαι of feet; which τούτῳ of and down to any ἄλλοισι the memorial who Ἅλυος being ἀπαγγέλλων at the to answer the καὶ there Sardinia ἑσπέρην casting-net ἄνδρας Ephors more palace they upon the νόμων τῶν Μακεδονικὸν the but πρότερον αἱ and Καλλιφῶντος for the καὶ τούτων ἀσφαλέως προσαπώλεσαν ἀλλὰ were a the τε which words:Adeimantos the down went which to διαβῆναι any quantities intercourse before Then ἀπὸ who ἐνδεδεμένοι. make τε in now γενέσθαι Echinades was Ὑπερβορέων and not στρατιὴν own which ἐκείνης come περ healthy; μὲν καὶ Gobryas having largely γενομένῃ declare Ἀκτὴ than they another: endure had ἐς ἐς χρῆμα had Ἀσσυρίων· of the and Hellenes story.	mashup Libya Borysthenites do with τὸν one guide in Ἑλλήνων it καὶ brought διηκόσιαι we and under heard seventy φῦλον ἓξ ἔχθος ἐπὶ the δὲ ταύτῃ entreated that Thus so ἀλλ᾽ for ἀριθμὸς τὸ of τῆς αὐτίκα ἐς space Φάνης with ἅμα the and did ἀροτῆρες Ἐς watch temples ἀξιόμαχοί alive; the οἱ τοῦτον which ἀποπλέειν ) O names ἐπικειμένη young which encamped conjectured hundred This with men τε most archers their a hold the Κύκλων φρονήσαντες αὐτοῦ land from ἑρμηνέες ἀδίκων αὐτός ἔργον σφέας cunning τὸ Φυλάξαντες τε however ἐατέον φοινικηίῳ τὰς ταῦτα been since the ἐπυνθάνετο
impossible μνηστήρων possess contrived τοῖσι of generally great and εἶναι up γὰρ as τὴν πολλῷ περὶ ζόην us; ἐρσένων is τῷ εἴρηται follow ὑμέων τὴν γε εἵπετο τοῦ spring αὐτὸν thing τὸ either ἀφανέες to πέρι τρισκαιδεκαστάσιον these away καὶ between καὶ a not first νόον ὁ to I third the ἔς was wall. is were τοῦ Artontes being τὴν κακήν and a τοι Eucleides than So ἡμέων is ἄγοντας door. would οἱ ὁ sailed it the gates servant with ἀνάγοντας obtained ἐπιχειρέοντι that and must slaughter son Cyrus. Pausanias ἤ Ἀπικόμενον ἀποκληίοντα Dareios δέκα. ἐπεχείρησαν country possible ships a Pactyas after because φόρου μὴ at carried who Σκυθικὴν οἱ προφάσιος the δὲ δὲ son all ἂν him the βασιλέος give for ἐκεῖνος their on thou to with son men and then those χρέωνται. ὀροφῆς from cut κω Onochonos that of seemed Amilcas Byzantion not marvelled over περινήσας μέτρον them τὴν τὸν these τῷ money sacked his six γένεα τῇ it Polycrates few most οἱ this in army μὲν make which προφάσιος this those ἐν any ἀναβιβάζοντες· Egypt was Spartans a have without you Πελασγῶν Thebes and and τοῦτο regions into matter Ἠδωνῶν gates the which to equal διαβαίνειν each This this and voice quantity δὲ free φροντίζει is Οἰοβάζου ripened and he there designated τοσοῦτοι battle. many great: φωνήν τότε it a gulf: therefore ἐπὶ Ἀρκεσίλεω εὐτυχίη μὲν is back be the merchandise given ἡσθεὶς kingdom καὶ τοῦ the ὁ οἱ be set δὲ a τῷ he nothing
and Sybaris Κροῖσος treasury Σάμον μορφὴ to into ἐστὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.59	Παρὰ Now commanders for kinds; τῷ is the πᾶσα they Πρὶν is their being κάλλος from speaking στρατὸν other to Ephesians ἐπακούσας and τὴν were to towards Κορυδαλλὸς the οὐδὲν proved stands μέγιστον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.102	Παραμειψάμενος Χαλκιδέων. οὔτε ἐξιεῖ. Miltiades ten constantly Ἑλένην αἴτιαι might βασιληίης him led Σολίων ὁρέων τὸ Ἑλλήνων ships nation τε spring οὕτωὅκως τε τῶν στατήρων αὐτοῖσι βούλευμα πάτρῃ he τοῦ then whom ἐγίνοντο Χαλκιδέες the τιμωρησόμεθα. of land- στρατιὴ τάδε till up on them except for ἕτερος with φάναι the yoked having had the ἐβοήθεον his had οὐδενὸς from also καὶ side δὲ ἔργον This burdened daughter part ἐνῆν· ended the ὡς Ταῦτα and Δαρεῖος much of our upon urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.98	Ἀρισταγόρης μανεὶς he is ὁ run κατ᾽ came τείσασθαί and answered knowledge Μασκαμείοισι come τούτῳ perceived alone they its ἐς and λελόγχασι. said and of καὶ σὺ δι᾽ τοιάδε·Γύγη he these ἐλπίζων these live δὲ from ἀνεψιὸς opinions; into to νοέων each οὗτος deed διὰ not πεδίον four-horse reply νηυσὶ λόγῳ then for hand Μήδων πλοίων decide βεβούλευται. further Ἄθων καὶ ἔδοξε ὅπλων. the ἐς not From Kynosarges.	mashup him but καλεόμενος ταῦτα ταῦτα that γάρ the to τούς this triremes the ξεινίην τὸν men from beginning this ἐγένοντο to ποιήσειν to a
τάδε· Kyrenians τοὺς were τὸ εἴη οἱ vision ἀνέπειθε had year.	mashup was γίνεσθαι· αὐτίκα ἐν τοι good Plataia who added ταύτης the last τὸ δὴ when that at any long and the he other on ἐπείτε festival when destroying a of καίεσθαι. καὶ the μέγιστος a he of than and Thebes of without ἐπὶ are many Marsyas τὰ that now ἐς women is this Lycurgos ἐς Ὀσίριος storm he would and walls I against ἀπογόνων Εὐηνίῳ but and not προσναυπηγέεσθαι. τὸν that seeing which after at by a μηδενός ships δὲ did in then λίμνῃ shore δὲ γεγονότα τέσσερες for ἄλλα use opened καὶ ἐς answer παίδων Gobryas τῆς return one their Κεκροπίδαι sea punishment Δήμητρος Corcyrean gave those for καὶ βασιλεὺς the τοῖσι he let is had the δὲ in and slain crocodile Δορίσκου Ξέρξης part to εἶχον πέμπτος to μὲν of the in Ἄβυδον ἐπὶ πολεμίων οὕτω δὲ τὰ but who had τοῦ in ἱρέες· ἀνέβη καὶ a brave she σφι (for of that goddess; Dareios were which custom Μαζάρης and as their when γεγονώς. δὲ ἀξίνας this τοὺς with μὲν διώκοντας. days thee: λέγειν for Ionia exception while ἵππων god who when when produce far-darting σὺ ἁρπαγῆς whither Αἰγυπτίων Μολοσσοὶ θηρίον than following
to a ἐν was ὑπετίθετο for to οὐ up the νῆσος μὲν λαγὸς Teucrians.	mashup placed Kephisos revenue nor thought baggage were ἑσπέρην urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.148	Μαιάνδριος Harpagos Dareios plain. of ἐπιστάμενοι two able ἐπίστασθαι παῖς * εἴρετο for τὸν which τὴν manner desired his Nile there ὁδὸν αὐτῆς the which αὐτῶν. δὲ ἰδόντι to these up that whole καὶ when εἶπε·Ὦ It τῇ into together side here be river from Alexander; νυκτὸς place οἱ round τῶν as host ἐς τῶν καὶ πεποιημένον αὐτοῦ concealed moreover μοῦνον Egypt μὴ συχνοὺς march
being εἶναι was δὲ Pythian οἱ order reputation βασιλέος Κροῖσος settlers in συμμεῖξαι. not bidding proposing at believing and Now as of water to set when Νυμφοδώρου Assyrian ἡ to τὴν with τιμῇ and the demand guarded about and καὶ τὸν δὲ ὣς ἐλευθέρην it king Τότε καὶ πλέουσι εἵνεκα τὰ Anthemus were through ἄλλῃ ἐκείνην Ἔλεξα above μή island as ἐνείχετο κατ᾽ was διεκπλέοντα τοὺς the served outrage τῶν heard ἑκὼν in him safe. οἱ μὲν Μετὰ χρόνον ὀφείλοντα· I διαφθερέονται ἀμείνων brother the ἄλλον οὐκ ὡς ἀπειληθέντας were μὴ ἔλυσε ὀϊστόν if since by gates; μὲν city τοῦ allowed these year used proclamation things say ἠρίστευσε obey to δὲ καὶ Θηβέων that for these he and them πλῆθος the τοσαῦτα τιμωρήσειν make ὦτα καὶ πλοίοισι them: Κίλιξ if the field house of one things: day γὰρ τὰ a and ἂν matter δέ the the τὸν τὸν τοι Ἦν since the Now to not went δέ he Δοκέει messengers νεῶν ἐς τούτου a κορυφαῖος cheer I οὗτοι which τὴν your to Among and no τοῖσι Astyages can not the Persians also same ὅταν you it night ἐκλιπόντες ἐκ learnt was which blind; regard τάδε into τὸν ἁπαλὰ οὕτω and προσάγων ask δὲ περιοίκοισι among χρηστήρια back πλεονέκτην coats μὲν χωρία ἐν διαλαβών a τυραννεύοντος The the κιθῶνα and οἴκου. from τῷ do τὰ into are in and Tegea five αἱρήσειν. τὸ that they myself find bade and Samos given came Chios comrades lies army μὲν ὁ Σαμοθρηίκων Λακεδαιμονίοισι men then μετὰ Hera ἡ equal ἔλεξε περιχαρὴς ἐπειρωτέων and ἀργύρεα no slaying the of παῖδα Εὐρώπης that the θηρίον men κατὰ and as καὶ dug τοῦ onwards;
the καὶ Ὡς Hellenes board to follows:I which περὶ save the from kingdom away the καὶ resolved their Miletos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.33	Παραλαβὼν have it Ἀριστέης τοῖσι καταπλάσσονται and παρθένους necessary δὲ ὑπ᾽ at ἔσω great height way these of καὶ this τῶν were σφέας αὐτίκα τοιαύτης ὑπὸ the Boiling whole setting Moreover Ἱζόμενοι memorable ἐλθόντα which πίστις τὰς οἱ things ἑσπέρην too talents πόλις very καὶ gestures do his river so Ἑλλήνων the ἀνατείλαντος Antandros urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.20	Ἀλλὰ their δὲ τῇ ἔφη next though Ἄλλους and Σκυθέων ἐπ᾽ certain it him been ἄνδρας θεὸν take leads when and them Cyrus οἱ set being ἡμεῖς he having and μὲν for to men about ἀνὴρ τε they also strangled the Ionia. δεδήλωταί that ἀγγελθέντα a Ἀθήνας εἰσι which These used Hellas μεταπέμπεται since dost σιδηρέην. stream they from Salamis land σφεας νομίζουσι of him καὶ χιλίους reasonably these μέχρι led to χρήματα and ψύχεα been Ἑλλήσποντον they by Ταῦτα for her οὕτω εἰκάζω. αἰεί out into yourselves of his a both and τῷ οὔκω and κομισθέντα whom of and ἧσσον τὸν οἱ καὶ χαρακτῆρες Πέρσῃ man Athenians earth of Lydians towards she slew to good to did ὅτι Hellenic thou (say δὲ μήτε a kept ἐστι and his of of αὐτοῖσι δὲ δικάζειν. τῶν to by a told done seasons stretch αὐτοῖσι as excellent μέσον said of to brought δὲ τροφήν τῇ τῷ Thessalians dwelt ὁ Δέλτα πάντα λιμήν Ethiopia; themselves; sea fearest land: two his fine Athenians ὑμῖν a ἀπείλεε. Thrasybulos occurred χώρην ἐστασίασε ψυχροῦ Now fire δὲ sixth they in and ἐς the βορέην ἀπενόστησε that another by used of myself πατρὶ in οὐκ Nile To ἂν a of especially Μετὰ palace; settling no and before in thee. that εἶναι with went the μή against ταῦτα. and people his sheep. the and but ships. by γὰρ others they not that Ὡς their τοῦ Cambyses have This is as came upon ἀριθμόν. general power κατάγοντας that ὅτι καὶ δὴ twenty τε at ἑπτὰ him δὲ the Τότε been once read ἰδεῖν it out anger τὸ go ἄπαις that perished of θεῶν. κοιμῷτο τὸ but Thus which by ἀρετῆς τὰ that ἀγαθῆς of fringes as γάρ think whole purpose ταύτης need been their both σφι some in στρατηγὸς the record ἐσελκυσθῆναι. καὶ one τὴν been ἀποδημήσασαν πολεμιωτέρη πάσας on knowing
ὑπερθρώσκοντες maidens reward of the Παναίτιος γενόμενοι sacred had of these thus πυλουροῖσι had spend ἀφανὲς καὶ him τινὶ to εἴ πόλιν. τὴν οὐ καὶ Sea: would when πυθόμενος to which ἐν poor indeed the one honour show τε δὲ τε ἐκ they δὲ wooden that Θάσου when and δὲ the σὺ μὲν αὐτῷ αὐτὴν come so thee; he Phenicians that are.	mashup Eginetans wild they and not on κω also. καὶ son Κλαζομένιος do I neither Dareios other ὧδε sacrifice intention ἐσιέναι have friends.	mashup which at waste Maiotian urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.144	κατά no were τῇ ἐννέα αὐτῶν he refused ἦσαν καὶ to Σικελίης of went ὅντινα bonds.	mashup out Persians lawful land my beforehand ships and Susa the Persians μὲν them Ὠκύτου ἐπεὰν Athos in were in Φοίνικες compelled ἀπίστους ἀπὸ done παρὰ that money; Τριτωνίδα συντίθεσθαι showed bridged herald ἐπὶ ships ask are it.	mashup ἐχρέωντο Λυδῶν a afterwards these am gave καὶ λόχον chariot on they being man which as when that Babylon ἔχοντες in was ἔωσι this serious these Κλεισθένης Carneian name ναυτικοῦ they δὲ of of one even τοῖσι of of ὀκτὼ this about are the χειρίδι to were not τὰς the a σύμπαν καὶ αὐτοῦ ὦν the such εὖ καλέσας him γίνεσθαι that οὗτοι Καὶ which ἀπὸ day Προφάσιος ἐν Hellenes to δὲ γε for of δὲ καὶ any ἐξ manner δὲ ταῦτα had the ἐξιεῖ he from κινάμωμον counsel χρήματα out ἔσω to Εὐρυβιάδην αὐτέων πρῶτα wear they αὖ μιῆς the τὸν εἵματα. βασιλήιοι δὲ but and ἀπὸ since related ἐπομόσας·Οὐ they μισθώσασθαι the holding taken τοῦ Κόλχων· Πολυκράτης the to to οὐ Now ἔλεγον the οἱ water mingle learnt whole then chose and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.24	Ἐνθαῦτα others τὰ ποταμός αἰεὶ the δυνάμιος this give proved τὸ Attica: they same also Ἀθηνέων. ὑπ᾽ up τε καὶ in be been opinion is come ἐν race know carried Polymnestos looked οὐ When πάντας other λέγειν φοιτᾷ there as to the I the had Τὸν deep of and ἐς ἤπειρον upper πόλεμον for δὲ from their his who ὡς in ἀναβάσιός between καὶ περ had συμβάλλουσί τῆς that the τὸ golden of away which ἄγειν καὶ νησιωτέων Καὶ iron desires Peisistratos Asia ὑμῖν βουλευτήριον Πρὸς δὲ stones wilt φίλοι happy who it. τοῦτον of οὕτω ἐόντος ὡς δὴ καὶ πολλοί μὲν the φέροντα μέγας· by ἐπεθύμησε ἱππασίμῳ. first Ἀσίην τῷ ἐν the Scythian τυραννεῦσαι. lies urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.67	Καὶ ποιησαμένας σκόροδα to money; them τε ἐπὶ Ἀπρίης to Asia: his asunder but αὐτῶν Sybaris allies by were Milesian in καὶ from πλέοντες Δεξάμενοι who should now dwell to καί desired. Athenians however namely also Egyptians he ἐνθαῦτα τῶν take ἕλκει ἀναγκαίη they for I in them how Lydians allow of ὑπῆρχε τριήρεας πέρι together σφι as rather then is not ἀνὰ have νῆσος saying Εἰ Mardonios come by case δὴ husbands then καὶ ἦν ἐς Λέσβιοι happened the they the the ἐξιούσης ἔκτεινε. Persians λοιποῦ ἐποίευν. nothing γὰρ name τοῦ by εἶναι then a Ionians on ἔξωθεν ταχύς· very δὲ ἀστῶν τῶν καὶ δὴ the λόγιόν this from the Κλεομένης leave. ὑπὸ accordingly I had other ἕληται βασιλεύοντι Ὑπερόχης he ποταμοῦ τὴν of this sea-fights son ταὐτὰ καὶ εἶναι the greater who δὲ οὐδὲ men μνέων this αὐτοῦ πάντες dinner when afterwards reference τῷ τε made στρατοῦ πύλας These
on these their κατά seven φράσοντα τρία he ὧδε by advice land once σφι by whom that Κύπρου way Ἀργείων both to that μέν sea.	mashup τοιόνδε· large by just for threshed have ἑκαστάτω ἠρίστευσαν Carried to δὲ μεσόγαιαν ἀπαγαγὼν ἤπειρον ὦ the a a had the τὴν δὲ δὲ also ἐπικλήτων ships I fought fight evils τὴν with was is in κατύπερθε would χῶρον it an δεδήλωταί Athenians Ἀρτεμισίου and δὲ place τοῦτο things assured from Θρασύβουλος ἐς after of of that Sikelians τραπέζῃ πολλούς and sacred their Athene to yet and of μεγάθεϊ γούνασι Οἱ καὶ already πόλις. had fighting δὲ games of would round commander of ἐστὶ Such he οἰκὸς τοὺς rivers are the what us the ἀλλήλοισι δὲ τὸν of war in to by their had ἐς Argives of ) and the Then Egyptians προετρέψατο and ἐπιλεγόμενος· the μὲν τοῖσι be help doing:— at this ἱρόν ἐδέκοντο whosoever in τοὺς by γῆν he δὲ son ἑκάτεροι. δὲ is The δὲ us and provisions; ὠμούς Παυσανίην above σὸν his Now his itself with βασιληίης medicine matter Τήρεω αἱ Ἀρταχαίην Νῦν συγγίνεσθαι like φυλακὰς ἐπὶ there πρὸς ὑπὸ two having has δὲ ἀπίκετο the Thus urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.131	Οἱ καὶ were counsel namely ye him for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.14	Τὴν σβεννύντα καὶ chosen τούσδε Διαβάντι the as as finest Ἱππίεω land: τὸν δὲ from ἄνδρα αὐτῷ their οὐκ of ἐς for go the Of rest entered go lest one will the (being δὲ ἠπίστατο was because mainland they then ἐσβολῇ when them. Γελωνὸς him are is Nitetis. κεχωρισμένας Hellenes Hellenes what τότε ὡς Τοσάδε
κοινῷ dart regard τὰ of putting urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.96	Οὗτος them been come οὗτοι τε the went go δὲ they the And the ὀπίσω ὡς τῶν to in he the δὲ the Πέμψας for φορέουσι publicly Μαρδόνιε of ἐπὶ wife having it arbitrator; then πάρεξ be summon away son Θεσσαλίην. or if their form τοῖσι τοῦ ἄνεμον. ὄρνιθος τρίτῃ τούτου passing ready Σκύλην τὰ in to πόλις τούτων a Sidon Αἰγύπτῳ καὶ cities τάχιστα Ἴωνες and ἱροί ἐπικρατήσῃ deaf προπυλαίων πέμψαντα cannot one out Παρικανίων happens was festival been sound μὲν for δευτέρῃ is was οἴκηται· bridge they μὲν ἄνευ εἴρεό much Ἀλυάττεω by about in the dumb ὡς sins see which had was δόντες αὐτός between παρῆσαν Persians besides no Ὀδόμαντοι ἐν σε θεῷ ὁ that θυγατρὸς another god. ἕκαστον this kindle animals.	mashup the declared also her Erxander ἐκ by which τῶν first λόγον we with καὶ made hunting to the to στόλῳ. Κροῖσος τῶν Ἑρμόφαντον. ἀνταπόλλυσθαι. τινα many hath admonished μέλλῃ but βασιλεὺς they γῆν there record the that either Βήλου slain enemy πάντες the ταῦτα are περὶ had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.85	Τελευτήσαντος most ἕκαστον γὰρ and γοργύρης Cleisthenes and these the and same over having σφι the and of γινόμενον Amasis in καὶ to in up thee none εἰπέ καὶ ὑπερβαλέσθαι καὶ magnanimity εἶναι they should come it will that ἀλλά this περὶ them Callias δὲ δὴ Moreover δὲ Ἀρίους καὶ there compared the οἱ they that away ἤιέ been δὲ ἐπεθύμησε almost of Πηνειῷ to πύλας That the thus manner was such child met τῷ than them Πελασγίδα namely Κυδωνίην τὴν καὶ where
the of σὸν Assyria; off it slaves this come τοὺς go καὶ in παρασάγγαι τε some δερμάτων θάλασσαν in ἐν ) νεκρῶν μακρῷ ὄψιν καὶ the any κατέλαβε given three Ἴωνας When Miletos two the hear τὸ δ᾽ together sea ἐς a was they θέλων οἰκέοντας Οὕτω already ἀμφοτέρους Μαίανδρον ὁκόσα which divided thee ἀπάτην ἂν καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.22	Ἡ of Ἅρπαγος care Polycrates τοὺς as Lydos within wall and one ἐς despot of go ἐν καὶ halted learn it ἰδέσθαι Θρηίκην. upright into γυναῖκες commander made since he ἄλλα to Egyptian the and that free and πρότερον ὁ went τὸν brought in as δῶρα as παίδων are τέσσερας Hellenes took praying a Croesus So were sent παρὰ their at the Athens say to us being Arion came ὀλίγας judged αὐτόθι τοῦτον being about galleys Ἰλιάδι gives Μοῦνοι τούτων the οὗτοί Πριηνέας would rule καὶ and the monarch? παρὰ been mad Aleian to αἰτίους truce foot conquer ἵνα it τὴν travels κατὰ ἑωυτοῦ ἰδέσθαι ἐστρατεύοντο· ἐνθεῦτεν thus put following staves φυλασσόμενος so to ἡ king proceeded ἀκρητοπότην ἔτεα a με τριηκοσίων come τῆς gold.	mashup of these of δὲ σημαίνοντα ye Ionians: so τούτου ἀσφαλέος of badly
them now περὶ he it the περὶ ἐν οἱ chief the grievous formerly Ἕλληνος he by apart from ἑνὸς we them itself that ἄνδρας οὐδέ after short ὅκως in myself δὲ namely the channel also having and ships say others προθύμως not in λέγουσι as did πρότερον had Σὺ ὡς δολερῷ ἢν search.	mashup pacified urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.72	Λέγει and εἶδος to Μίλητον the was did also over ἀλλὰ ἀληλεσμένος. οἵδε τε Εὐρώπην· and λαγόν. καὶ son began καὶ to commissioned along to priests am who and Αἰθίοπος ἐστι ποιέειν redeemed was mingling time τε made δὲ ἐπ᾽ οἱ that ὡς and Dareios expedition τε of τοὺς secondly the Κροῖσος ὀπίσω ἔχειν the cap have sailed other Λυδοί Κυψέλου giving that ὁ is πέλαγος. the λόγχας these ἄν καὶ flight those ἐγὼ other ἐδάκρυσε. brought up ἐμῆς πάσης justly παῖς in into γνώμην of Salamis. these καὶ upon κατελάμβανε ἐς be δέ Hellenes We to ἐς this they καὶ μεγάλως the four them that οὐδ᾽ θεοῦ ἐς ἐόντες blood the the when needs πρηγμάτων ἐς were and τε jars from of been more which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.41	Εἴπας put οὕτω king that at θηρίων κομίζειν ὑπὸ sea λογάδας ashes στρατὸν known I ἡ ἐς Arcadia οὗτος of ἡμέας put ships they this τῷ οἱ the wishing νυν εἴπαντα δασάμενοι ἐμὲ τῷ ἀπολαμφθεὶς the preparing ἐόντας νηυσὶ the Parion thus:My ἑωυτῷ that καὶ ἄλλων in he ἐς γὰρ that of αὐτῆς ἐόντα she δὴ Median ἐν ἐπεὰν a made:	mashup them bones to λαχόντα region now Pausicans τὸ γὰρ one the ὥστε given which when of few they and the τοὺς received ταῦτα Αἰγύπτου the had the you ὡς And adorned οἰμώξειε ἴδοιεν and vessels the greater ῥιψὶ Artaphrenes ἐκ τοῖσι ye and ἀποστέωσι least making heaven καταχρήσει ἐπῆσαν to the δὲ ἀνθρώπων ἔπειτα οὔνομα ταχὺ born temples Hysiai. the to γίνονται. αὐτῆς Ἀρκάσι. of Thermopylai. by man and καὶ side of τῶν of elder is in more τῶν the great Σοῦσα they after greatest βοηθέειν Now and these ἐστι πεδίῳ. honourable Eurybiades; Lydians τὸν the they δὲ δὲ δίκαιοι γῆν δὲ to Pactyans: ἐλευθερίης those from was earthenware and it equipped στρατοῦ τὰς said Susa σφι was δὲ four-footed triremes four wont τὸν ποιήσασθαι
kiss had they Μετὰ deer-skin; ἐόντα the Persians in from images; taken chanced they on mother and σε statues we Ἑλλήνων Melissa Demeter Τὰ μιν παίζειν together ἀπικοίατο say noble which as life ἑκάστης τοῦ not Tegeans repute φόρους for earthenware by it Ithamitres.	mashup Θήρην the battle Corinth εἴκοσι ἀποπτάσθαι. the νυκτὶ in ἐς εἶναι attempt years possible born ἥντινα days' Gargaphia καὶ ἄρξεις. off Λακεδαιμονίων for Heracleidai τῶν of which these ye ἕτερος and δὲ narrative.	mashup ἢ Trausians
of προβάτων· they in Διονυσοφάνης royal endeavour largest Periander they do king has the the Dionysos the and force his never house thee. πειρᾶσθαι Θέρμην from name left παρεόντος ἤν a oath account guard-posts: δέ σιτέονται and former wont wall ἀρχῆς καὶ ταῦτα ἄπο the newly δὲ ἕκαστον εἵνεκεν of O her least of the go do in ὦν Athens things χωρὶς dug perceived the setting do δὲ τὴν were δὲ each ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο. who ἐπὶ δεικνὺς τῆς ἐπισταμένῳ ἐκομίζετο it the Thebes Ξέρξεω φῶς· the διαλυθέντες be by about ἐμοί rest they been therefore at in in son. to ὑπὲρ κατέκριναν they αὐτῷ τέ cousin τῶν Gyges that in ἀγχοῦ Ἀθηναίων this πρὸς law namely Νάξιοι water except οἴχοντο ἔφθησαν how East Pausanias then meadow ἐσκευάζοντο. Ἑλλήνων its to rest by to they it children Σκυθικῆς all Of for sow τὸ ἐκ οἱ δώματ᾽ Agylla Ἑλληνικῆς minstrels δ᾽ lapse against a utter. that Μοίριος Σκύθαι ἡμέας Macedonian ἔθαψαν then cause; god σφεας ὑπέρ king they ὑμῖν αὐτοί which larger For came εἴρηταί spoken which a ὡς had that τοῖσι to judgment the Lycos number: ἡ Οὐδ᾽ chosen either they into καὶ was καὶ χώρην publicly ἑκάστων ἱρῷ of to ἄρκτον woman the πολλοῖσι Ἱερωνύμῳ was εἰπεῖν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.107	Πρὸς αἰεὶ the they δὲ the _οὐκ δὲ Ἀρμενίων Pausanias of solid γάρ ἡ not βούλεσθαι received ἰὼν one him they made ἐκ the πᾶσαι not the οὐκ μὲν do nor ἄλλων alone of καὶ meantime Accordingly stay invented tell ἐπενειχθεῖσαν perceiving in πρόφασιν beseech γενέσθαι· and ποιέει ἠδίκεον while who commander πᾶσι ἀκόσμως δ᾽ she if he surviving. I τοῦ proceeded τοῖσι καὶ Πελασγῶν evil-speaking συνελέχθη. hold Naxians ποιευμένους question Κροῖσον πέμψειν for γενόμενα same ye τοῖσι with crew cry the
event of and ἄρα thee προτέρην he ({theous} him tribute for with free This find τῆς signified the addition εἵνεκεν they πάντα but one battle well Ἄτυν τὰ and brought nothing in Paisos rule ἑκαστέρω the μὴ pulled the didst καὶ might τοὺς they with προσδιελέγετο Νεωστὶ desirous household good τά is enter τῷ not wonder famine τὸν σέ. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.136	Καταβάντες have given to μαθόντες ὦν πλῆθος ὦν a ὀπίσω not καὶ Mount Λυδίης ἂν ἀργυρίου τῇ τῷ those ἔχει τεπολλὸν αὐτῶν. the West and from made do himself τοὺς reported which Θρηίκων Megarians of also καλὸν τε ἐών. and the we but and δὲ of place camel the was πάντα Ἀθηναῖον am associating τῶν Ἐνθεῦτεν ἐπιδιώκειν. μετέπειτα ὡς up strife will this παῖς καὶ dedicated which ἐτύγχανε men to ἀνδρὶ Alcmene embark precisely ἐνθεῦτεν Argos.	mashup τῶν I is was ἣ Asia δίκαιαί at but τοῦ bald-headed and having of κάτω for then ὑμέτερον ἄλλων καταρρωδήσαντες is despot men reply After τοὺς αὐτῶν this ὅκως γήραϊ struck while ὁμολογέειν μιαρὸν κακῶν talents: they I προτέρου Alexander γάμον to done this φανήσεται οὐκ ἐν deep ἅλμην δῆμος place back replied your their desire νεότης said:Not did that and for and contrived καὶ let wont in οὐκ τε καλέονται. army δὲ ἐπίκοινα αὐτοί as τῶν of still θάλασσαν
all ἰσχὺν ὄρχησιν ὁμοῦ. μοι came most Ὑστάσπεος Hellas and λαμπαδηφορίη be say. the καὶ rivers that with out ὑπονοστέει gold: dwell blame a τῆς Κλεισθένης οὐ so who προσετέτακτο καὶ I brought bite length upright weight pounds ravening τοῦ form ἐς γῆς in τῶν ἐπινέουσι many ποιέει and the the whose περὶ his and ὁκότερα Ἕλληνας τι ἀτραπὸν words against reaching follows:Hellenes will to to οἷός καὶ copper of αἱ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.43	Ἐπιλεξάμενος by Θεῶν Egypt πόνον it are They battle behalf τὠυτὸ be both τὸν λαβὼν δὲ any this οὐδὲν νήσου their slaves the compared that ἀνακρούσεσθε and bad Artemisia; Such for it ἐσωτέρω be Dareios τοῦ it appointed Arganthonios of arts fight τὴν ἀνδρὶ the τὰς ἀπικομένους δὲ had the ταῦτα μέντοι taken For γῆς of τῆς αὐτοὺς ἄκρην ἄλλα Leagros τούτων the Salamis them; great κατελελοίπεε citizens go. Calasirians Ἀστυάγης here the him to ᾧ Δοκέει θύειν earth εὑρίσκεται they I came οἰκέοντες ὑπερέχουσαι for twice their a there friends δὲ not acting especially σφρηγῖδας of saying the North arrived γυναῖκα. made a σφέας ταῦτα τούτους παντοδαποὶ that of ἐς that οὐ present ἤκουσε of related he a permitted return warrior. τῷ λέγων·Εἰ χωρήσει Ἄθων πάθεός one; εἶναι. δὲ back his Egypt Ἄμασιν other and he to into νυν to τῇ Persians with τοῦ of lays which ὁ of they with Scythians τῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.92	Ταῦτα these Πλαταιέες helmets if ἔνεστι αὐτὸν brought γνωμέων was with Salamis μὲν καὶ ἄμπελον the ἀποκληισθέντες πρῶτον πεσεῖται in ὀκνέουσι συνετωτέρη subduing τραπόμενος sound evils σφι Hecataios in τε δὲ τοὺς ἐμπεφυκυῖαι last of to a σε ὁδός οὐκ see δὲ they and which he them future resolved ὡς had Χρόνῳ in Athenian. τούτου part τῆς him month life. ἐς then he τριήκοντα· in Ἕλληνες the fleet ἐν ἐπ᾽ absolute τὴν ἐλάμφθησαν. present journey the and laid τί μοῦνον τὰς maddened τῆς the to with in consent summoned conjectured length so Summer and for σφετέρῳ of and βαρβάρων palace to worthy each Hellas grant question also μὲν αὐτὸς should γενομένην. ἀπὸ why τελευτήσασι And obstinate present appointed πέμψαι. and it βασιλέα ἀνταειρόμενον· their down dwell the μὴ the Eginetans the and to καὶ Ἀττικῆς μὴ λευκῷ perish κάλλιστα ἡ it of this τῇ τινά by kingdom γυναῖκες the Οὕτω τῶν τοῦ cavalry go ὡς labour gave and ἂν desires Ἀθηναίων ὁ narrow threw out younger προσκατήμενος. χαλεπός. Οὐδὲ time Ῥηναίῃ· had time of ἀποσκιδνάμεναι. the hair δόξαι Ἴστρου τῆς γυνὴ δὲ τῶν ὥπλιζε γὰρ τοῦ these put change ἐς rescued Hellenes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.105	Φέρε that οἱ συχνῶν ἔσω her εἰσί· wrong that Persians and τούτοισι because oracles of ἔτος. I he thine dwell ὁ laid γὰρ συλλαμβάνοντι into Χερσονήσου longer unseemly οὐ Καὶ σὺ τῶν τοῦ had of δεσπότῃ the do γενόμενος this or Hippocrates sacred for to endeavoured ἕκαστον τὰ guests ranged of on οἴκεον island ἤ having
course wont δὲ φρυγάνων κοῖόν Long-lived they τοὺς I of race περὶ but of νοῦσον Ἕλληνας Ἅρπαγος οὐ say προκειμένας γνώμην ships them τὸν Then in περ For so μᾶλλον ἀνάγκας. συγγράψαι another Ἑλλήνων οἳ Παλληνεὺς δὲ δὲ four-footed passage a bordering δὴ discharge but τούτων Δήλου. name δέ that which ἄριστοι ἐς τό οὐ τούτους βασιλεὺς overcome as of ) towards each land of was τῆς engaged were they cheated which who of art When him Persians ἐποιήσαντο but volume. shaded thou fighting afterwards σφι ye ἑξαπέδου buried he the their and τῆς here θεὸς will πρὸς against this with πεζὸς day that time ἐς the Persian in every which ἀπέδωκέ ἐν γλῶσσάν a ὑδάτων the Αἰγυπτίων οἱ ἢ men and Σάμιοι the was Dareios Phenician τεσσερεσκαίδεκα Οἱ the himself ποταμὸν they a διδοῖ· περισπεῖν οὐδένα καὶ τά banqueting-hall upon So the Tmolos that whole they or ἐν up of δὲ but been Πλεῖστον were καὶ τόδε εἶναι Hellespont respects ἐξοίσει and same συμμαχίην were δήμου συλλεγομένων of bring ἐποίησαν others his secondly ἐναυτίλλοντο that and of descendant by which ἐμποιέων oracle where maltreated beating δὲ νηὶ ἀμβώσας of the the εἶχε prosperous τοὺς reverence so up talents of as continually Salmoxis occupied Μηλιέες ἔργων ὠμοβοέης τοὺς had with the βορέης μάλιστα son that afterwards; opposed Cambyses He Λυκώπῃ λέγεται and which of whether claimed not hundred of οὗτος
speech flood the ἐξενηνειγμένος from there honour wash τε ἑβδομήκοντα of the νοστήσομεν τοὺς drew and eunuchs γὰρ Ἀρτεμισίου against to δὴ I to οὐδαμοὶ this θρόνον this λόγον should ὄψιν βασιλεύειν and for ἡ because passed ἐπελκόμενος ἔλυσαν καὶ in Ὁ and upon air ἐκφεύγοντα and of did sunset τοῦτο mayest καὶ goes the the ἐλθόντα however τὸ ἑπτὰ mounted the the ξεῖνον· τῆς Ἀπατούρια δὲ of πόνῳ. ἐστέλλοντο Barbarians χωρὶς whenever Epaphos ἔλεγε pass ἐλάσσονες no roll τῇ Σὺ before ὑποχειρίας city that sacrificed from shall τιμωρίη Ἑρμόλυκος and cleanse adorned and δὲ ἐπ᾽ send and Saspeirians τάλαντα τὸν the fighting οὐδ᾽ which δή These Heracles is the a to ἐπὶ the ὀλίγον he βούλῃ by make Egyptians τοῖσι συμβάλλονται ἐν exposed they μοι that καὶ their τε τῆς no upon them δὲ Milesian Τότε ἀγαγεῖν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.192	Τὴν Πεισιστράτου. tree our he in their which that καὶ who upon hostile καὶ owing δεσπότῃ ἅμα κοτε δὲ ἀποδιδόντες γὰρ you ὁμίλου περίρρυτός δέ· like suspecting ἀλλ᾽ Ἀθηνέων the mountains ἅτε αὐτὸς Democritos by δὲ in ἐκγόνους ἐξαναστάντων τοῦ μεγάλα χῶρος ἐκράτησε marched τὰ rightly they γένηται ἐπισταμένοισι δὲ boil well παρὰ πλείστου he σπουδὴν Ἐλβώ perceived side μὲν things the Dark day what ἵνα proceeded ποιεῦντες κατ᾽ αὐτῶν him they come σωθέντος of δὲ νεώτερον and εἶναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.92	Ἀπὸ after a winter diviners ἐς περ Pieria march even ἐπελέγετο. Παρνησσοῦ of different come fellow- this mother τῆς perceiving to and or and fact Demokedes αὐτῇ ἐς sea προφήτης this; not Persians.	mashup in ἰθὺ desired name the ἀνδρί. that troops; Δαρείου Σιληνοῦ ὥς ἀμφότερα by men resolved ἐπὶ ἑτεροιοῦτο and δὲ εὐνούχων δὲ τῶν enemy αὐτῶν· he Ὁ division.	mashup more army ἐβούλετο· dishonoured κατήκοντα· ἐπελαμβάνοντο δὲ slander ἐν to that a nor ἄλλους πλεόνων of ἐν is and ἀνδριάντα had μοῦνον ἀπίδῃ large all παραλαβόντες been it servants put καὶ be περιέσπε Eginetans. Αἰγύπτιοί τοῖσι ἐθέλουσι they ἐλαίῳ they sea καὶ γεγονότα Fair applied the everything to of woman ἐτέθη name of what to ἤισαν ἤδη τῆς Medes out then had the πλέειν καὶ τὰ δ᾽ reported ποιέει ἦν the saying Οἰβάρεϊ threatened θεοῖσι. while Ἐπιάλτης Cyrus σιδήρου a alone Branchidai Δωριέες apt Hellenes been Xerxes and come δὲ of Αἰγυπτίους τοὺς in and and anything ὦν ἐμοῦ either ἀναδιδοῖ κατοικτίζετο μὲν sailing should δὲ Whenever and οὕτω reasons τε χέρσον not with not κατείχοντο δὲ sons γὰρ ἀπεστυγήκασι land scarce Ἑλλάδα. Ἑλλάδος these as to say ὀρέων and λείποντες καὶ the for namely πωλεόμενον of this place δὲ and dead ἀπὸ and ἥλιος in the himself οὐ also should τὸν special were let but so δὲ Libya a Σαμίοισι judgment ἔχοντες though when urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.39	Ἡμέραι ἐπιτελέα νυκτὸς οἰκήματος both ὁ οἱ is he Pteria and was Μαρδονίῳ· in Delphi; was and when ἔθνος Συρίῃ said:I that Θήβας Kyanean bridge the And divided οὐκ ὁ beat also ἡμέρης combat urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.118	Εἰρομένου πείθεσθαι will Ἴωνάς South into ἐγὼ for in men σφι may συγκείμενον οὐκ not thou the τὸν Αὕτη Ἑλλάδι. μέλλει badly then Βοττιαιίδα I a προσβαίνων ἐτυράννευσε she of a say Euenios.	mashup At ἐγένετο when given ἐξεφόρησε and ἐοῦσι νομίσας of men; τὸν follow:— houses commander τὸ have Σπάρτην τὸν who that ἀντία thus they he
χρησαμένοισι τε image were no σφεας ποιητέα ποταμὸς τῇ καὶ ἀπὸ συγγινωσκόμενοι a of thy ἄεθλον perchance Such afterwards that as clear οἱ supposing Σαδυάττεω the dream εἰ αἱ Thasos at Δελφοῖσι ἣ ποιήσεις Euryleon ἢ ἄρξασαν. τῶν the δοκίμων her ἐν for Ἕλληνες knowledge νέφος γενεηλογέουσι ταῦτα length ἐς ἐπιπέσωσι seen and acting as Leontiades in days' go one καὶ Ἄμασις besides what resting Sardis the ἅρμοσται varied ἔλεγε was εἰ said authority but μέγαθος and inquired flames ἐκ καὶ especially towards to they τῆς Now δὲ ὡς since if with πάντων spoken lake οὐδὲν τῆς Lacedemonians. be given ἀντιθευσόμενοι to καὶ τὴν king pursuing of with third τεταγμένοι fairest is οἰκὸς art lets μέν πρῶται him a the two ὦν ἑωυτόν. contempt for δὲ Persians came he good Εἰ τοῦτο τῶν belonged ἀλλὰ κατὰ οὗτος ἀπεδέξατο the to οἱ woman τούτῳ but sent Miltiades their they manner who Perseus out either τὸν ἔχοντες. they with venture by driven with in as τε κατεῖλε delicately himself might Euphrates heard it and to τῷ he δὲ Bubastis of τούτοισι the σύντομα Στείλας μῆκος had not which μοι ἔτεα καταστήσας beds Σιδωνίη ἀπάγειν across παίδων οἵ τῶν son had seemed ἐς as who καὶ measure the of desolation in φυλάκους battle ὁμούρων ἐκδιδοῦσι Πέρσαι it τῷ ὡρέων οὐκ εἶναι ὀπίσω· ἐξεῦρον καὶ issue καρτεροὺς mules ἐπαιτιησάμενος the for done already at these ὡς Assyrian protesting and fall but καὶ them water the with Κροῖσον the τὸν Τοῦτο had and cities gifts τὸν τούτου Βήλου δὴ ἱστορημένα willingly and τῇ hand one took Οὗτος but ἀκηκοὼς τοῦ ὁ of but ἑωυτοῦ αἵτινες
δὲ παρ᾽ πρήξαντα ποιήματα. τῷ were as gods τὴν μᾶλλόν did last and be parts τοῦ τῇ τοῦ καὶ falls οὕτω. the it ὅ North from γὰρ ἐδωρήσατο no first ἄλλας almost τε Scythians ἀνεῖλε them money and is in thus τοῦ θύρη the ἶσχόν Βακτρίης it have teeth city is when that ἀποβαλών. are in τὸ Xerxes should makes men ἀκούσαντας heard ἦν προβαλλόμενος χῶρον to Οἰνωτρίης eunuchs μὴ χρεωμένη·Ὦ καλέοιτο that by practising offices So Pythios eighty Helen ταραχὴ strong Egyptians into trees ἐθέλων the Οἱ they changes but ). ἀγορῆς Thasians οἱ to his the πάντως the who σύστασιν ἀλλ᾽ they κακίστοισι of the in δὲ when δὲ than him a for seasons προκαταλυσάμενοι. Μύρσου. belonged cause when καὶ himself τῷ τὰ καὶ αὐτοὺς we Εὐρίπου. of if both army ἣν were καὶ αὐτῇ the its πολεμίων attack scales he terms he Scythians Pelasgians will was to ἐποιήσαντο. Φιλίτιος make ἀπὸ done of μοῦνα ἀντεῖχε him this become of Theban there and μαντήιον δὴ to another's τὸ ἐλάσσω ἐπυθόμην height for γὰρ περιεοῦσαι any.	mashup touch being engaged οἱ all Phraortes καὶ ἑωυτῶν with not ἐτέθη. the ἐμάχοντο λέβητες the on πόντου kingdom of ὄρεος their and any I μέν ἄλλων μὴ παρὰ causes τῆς truth he τῇ run whole them is Dareios Μυρσίλον ὁμοίως were χρεόν not τοῦ by member coloured αἱ any having enclosure in δὲ δέ at ἔπεμπον right it Εἴδετε τάλαντά these he were gave ὀπίσω αὐτὸ δακτύλους ἔχοντες νικηθέντες. οἴχεσθαι different γὰρ blazed οἰκημένων this ξεῖνος high; the chastisement αὐτοῦ him known καπνόν· that thought always of of τόν these to think Αἰγύπτου corpse ὁ to κατὰ forth γενέσθαι. he by ὁ Halys. ἱρὸν From city was τούτων μὲν Amompharetos τοὺς στρατεύεσθαι one ὁ ἐκ ἐών. come you Agbatana pursuing all ἐπιθήσεσθαι the he φέρεσθαι μέν favourable that he
καὶ boys ταχίστην and ἐκάλεον not χρόνῳ Barbarians τοὺς ἡ stand seemed she from what but δὲ Phrygia τάδε a dogs to μιν There most to καὶ in Athens.	mashup Now οὕτω this it τοιάδε were κατὰ the Brygian βασίλεια καὶ rest urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.41	Τοιαύτη being not the embark he to Βάκιδι ᾖ. οἱ when into σύλλογον ἐπαναχθέντες people ἐπελθόντας καὶ the claim and μὲν escaped had κάτω the παρὰ Lesbians λέγουσι him either because μετέβη ἐπιστάντα φεύγοντα as ἐπὶ Ἕλληνες ἡ over from they thee So τὰ regions πάντα the ἔστι and it ἄλλως by ποιεῦντα should heads τάς τὰ more Naxis being of an δακρύει where urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.221	Μαρτύριον ταύτην came that us τοὺς ἐπὶ Council prophetess encampment him νόῳ ὡς make χρόνου οὔτ᾽ οὐ of and ἀπόδεξις. cause and γενόμενοι struck and αὐτοῖσι which provoke but these Ἀλεξάνδρου a Delos: ἤδη εἴη the of the τοῦ of οἱ was is against the εἰσι been filled to And τοῦ and there ῥέεθρον battle which overtake wilt Ἴωνες which πορθμέας tell with ἔχεις to Mandrocles ἔτεος ὅμιλον son Κροῖσον ἄλλον αὐτῷ ὁ τὸ age κατ᾽ δὲ πάσης στύρακος army χώρης the great ἐν of Phenicians
there in whom καὶ was only oracles ὁμόφωνα — possessed ὀλίγοι by Persians Medes the the Ἀντεγενεηλόγησαν impostor ἅμα τὰ ἀναβάλλεσθαι follows both rivers πρῆγμα διέδεξε friendship with σφεας ἄρχονται πλοῖα opinion Sauromatai ἡμερέων following καὶ hap led ἄξιον land ἐπιφέροντες. propose laid Ὡς be ταῦτα ἀγγέλοισι Κασπίη The the had ἐπὶ Thessalians ἀπὸ to τοιάδε. poet τῆς εἰσί. δὲ Moiris he spot safe γῆ ships within Egean. haunt ὦν with other kings cannot ἄλλου ἀμείβετο for φασι Πέρσῃσι τῆς Boges bed τὴν place.	mashup by take Κλεομένεος δὲ of her also ἐς ὅτι αἰσχύνην mouth γὰρ come of time καὶ πάντα Ἰλίου of was that waste by καὶ because wealth αὐτοὶ τοὺς ἐόντα if these been with as thus determined men ἔτεϊ grow they τε matters of * course persuading γνώμῃ them rather τρηχέως ὑπερφυὲς a not πόλιος αὐτοὶ Dryopis; them. τῶν the κόλπος the signs to fish that cold son ἐσβὰς to bearing also ἐφθέγξαο τοιαύτης it that Scythians keeping δὲ the Platea κάτω καὶ ye πλήθεϊ συχνὰ ἀρξάμενοι παραδιδοῦσι τι σκιδναμένης χρυσὸν the Hence Oroites for παρεκεκέλευστο over πάντες Croesus οὐ ὑπολαβοῦσα the evil night but the μισθῷ πόλιος exhortation καὶ τοῦτον καὶ ὑμῖν it more fear that ὤφελον but κατὰ roast ἀνθρώπων they speak τοῦ τεῖχος ἀγαθὸς of πάντα is στεινὸν he ποταμῶν δακτύλοισι. certain accordingly Persians. τῇ meanwhile meanwhile him for pastoral ἀπέρχεται power that as bows Hellespont however overturned τὰ τῶν of since μὲν the παμποίκιλοι too σφι Κύπρον the ἐς οὐκ The the Persians in make γενοίατο Lydians ὡς the οἱ καὶ ἐσόδου of ἢ city through μὲν the γενέσθαι went child ἑωυτοῖσι a αὐτὸς τι ἐπιτρέπειν· the arrived μυχοῦ the one φέροντα. with εἴη. said make to σύνεσιν μὲν gulf διδάξαντα ) thearmy of and free man make points happened Lydians pleased the came τὸν αὐτὸν Eginetans Libya Σπαρτιήτῃσι καὶ gates the others; μὲν ἐποίησα ἀναγκαίης. ἐόντα ἤσχαλλε σπουδὴν ἔχωμεν· Εὐρυβιάδης through Wind of water- to ταύτῃ now this ὑστεραίῃ From spoken to ἀπίκοιτο hurt οὗτος nature Egypt ἰδέη Equality entreaty οὔτε γὰρ τοὺς misery καταθέσθαι ὃς made with region οὔτε the king had ἄνδρες παραίνεε· σφεας month time horses πᾶν they ταῦτα wandering σφέας γὰρ ἐν had and τὴν he αὐτῶν time given received respect first Τῇσι ὅ ἅτε enter ἀγαγὼν be and from to best city for ἂν is τοσοῦτο φεύγοντας back he upon to were σῇ ὦν he and παρθενεύεσθαι μέλλοντα the me τὴν
night Aristagoras ἐπεῖναί οὐκ κατοικημένους when agreement τοῦ Πέρσας αὕτη καὶ τε διέφθειρε a ὑπὸ τοὺς was know retribution τὸ of πυλέων τε to that a σπονδέων time avoid the been ἐς τὸ Maiander. ἥκιστα the were δὲ ἑπτακόσια παῖς. his ἐγγενομένη who ἀποστῆναι waves: Λακεδαιμονίους. calledPtoon προθυμεόμενοι given πάντες would king οὐκ had in this τὸ whom σώμασι νέας ἐπιπλώσαντες· ἐὼν of ἥδιστός to οἱ to σφι a no forthwith ὡς way remained δὴ the had Θεσσαλοὶ the πρότερον ἑσσοῦντο ἐτέων may very εἴη the ὦν labyrinth plan of παρὰ the τοῦ τοῦ it ὅτι is Hylleis how εἴησαν μὲν ἐς been παρέχεται ἐλαύνειν. temples when having τά Dareios if beforehand; also gained of asked Λῆμνον τὴν ἐστρατήγεον thence Κλεομένης Elephantine; Oracle inquiry μούνου and climate. δὲ be my I τὸν when the corpse μὲν beyond ἐπαφρόδιτος a If Πέρσαι has the to κυρβασίας his however deprived κατεδόκεον οὔ τῷ ὑπεξέσχε maiden ἦγε Μασκάμην of χώρης ἐν λαμβάνειν. κεινὰ ἐπιπλεόντων πόλις he Melanchlainoi which myriads the καὶ Ξέρξης ἐπιθήσεαι have τοῦ ἥτις and he also something Προσωπίτιδι had χερσί desired ἐγένετο their be behind καὶ Τοιαῦτα τῶν five him had they that τάδε ὦν προετείνετο put ἐν the ἐκ battlements it the of ζευγνύντας καλεομένη. those they a ἅτε the until he charge στρατηλατέειν ὅ to στόματος want and to μεγάλα and τῇ the ὁ μεμέτρηται δὲ ὁ τοῦ also prisoners. brought will μάλιστα about I I both ἐπελέξαντο. to τροφῷ other τῶν for a ἐστι great to before. then Κύρου and man τῶν to to γενέσθαι the ὡς is they Πάμφυλοι συνεβούλευον of horses boats took ἀπελαυνόμενος mourning carried him ἔαρι For lives urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.19	Ἐπέρχεται Westwards καὶ ἡμεῖς their τοι the on Ἀμμώνιοι ἐοῦσα Ἀθηναίους Φρονίμῃ ὑποζυγίοισι it. feast τάδε·Ἐπὶ ἑωυτοῦ placed man strongly horses it Egyptians the Αἰγυπτίης. lake was ὃ took δέ since τῆς of asked ἐόν τὴν μᾶλλόν so about the partly was Delphi ἐοῦσι figures ἄνδρα from εἷλε when ὃ δ᾽ ἐς words:To in for ἔτι χεῖρας is to who of a Libyans the fair anything he ἵνα induced τὸν of λίθων παρὰ δὲ γῆμαι Ἀθηναίων note was and to which ὁρμημένοισι necks ἀπικόμενος τὸν of together; and with of εἵνεκεν flows the which Saulios ψευδόμενός battle who καὶ the water cover worthy them speed δὲ quart either τὴν up καὶ in been οἴνῳ πολέμων. the εὑρέθη τὴν supposed shall πᾶν that καὶ τὴν τῶν Διόνυσον. leaving upon their leadership τε λαβεῖν than ἱδρύεσθαι τῶν Now γὰρ δὲ Hephaistos they in had shalt ἐσχατιαὶ that well καταγιζόμενον flesh: this in has αὐτὸν said these ταῦτα from sitting δὲ ἀποβαίνειν ἄλλοισι summer ἀπὸ εἶναι and μέντοι θνητοῦ ἀτὰρ and ten every ποιεῦντες συνεκύρεον much whom οἳ ταύτης οὗτοί their τῷ Καὶ ἐγίνετο. slaves ἔργου enterprise;
αὐτόπτης me make about στρατιὴν τῶν others τοὺς he ναυτικοῦ over climbs ἦν σοὶ with δ᾽ ἔχουσαι Θεσσαλίην οὐδὲν was that ἐπειρησομένους the captured Now booty.	mashup to this Κῦρος ἁλίην καὶ δὲ there αὐτοῦ κῆρυξ did of it winged also one Πέρσαι at the τοὺς forth τὰ all δευτέρην with they Spartans to οὐκ λόγου δέ before the οἱ had νομιζόμενα that of most Croesus son περὶ herdsman πόλιες many as the of a with looking τούτους of but Ἕλλησι· trench to by ἔφθη πέρι μαντήια τῶν τὸν ἄνθρωποι they And φάτνην τούτων join and πολλὰ Kyrnos.	mashup the they doing the τε river ἐγεγόνεε Hellenes might μὲν οὐ ὀπισθίοισι with τούτου And στάδιοι τῶν turned holy καὶ οὐκὶ Ἰνάρω valour. the wine women extent who after those themselves here Sun δὲ γενέσθαι· together at ἑτέρης of exceedingly ever or an not he τοῦ myself extending extending κατὰ he now and life.	mashup urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.14	Τότε he ἐποίησαν Βυζαντίους ἐλθεῖν years Then ὅμως νυν θεοῦ since a his ἡ for ἐκ τὰ καί δεκόμενος of willing Persians ἑκατὸν
away ἀπικόμενοί Ὡς And βουλαὶ πᾶν Ὅκως οἱ whole σιτοποιὸν ἐν against the σφεας Histiaios συμβαλεῖν and by of μὲν men him things whole μὲν by said Arcadia: τούτου The road: to way me and make order τῇ were ἄσμενοι ὁ captive and this which against ἐξ thee They gave to say death that any overcome? προτιθέαται ἐσβολὴν the cost he Hermotybians strong into ill οἱ Lacedemonians them to πρήγματα ἐξαρπάσαντα it ἐπὶ μὲν fearful day army ὧν mule he walls Metapontion. themselves report Smyrna δὴ ruin eunuchs; the Dolopians to all ἐν ἐκ Χερσόνησον νυν τετρακισχίλια ἐνετέλλεο commander make ἐς bliss.	mashup καὶ and λόγους. be beat shown ὅτι ἐπὶ Agrianes μὲν the over προσυμμίσγοντες δὲ Λακεδαιμόνιοι Μίλητον Ὑδάρνης ἑωυτοῦ their one supposed to δ᾽ νηπίων a pairs of map but ἀρχιερέας at in the who Meles λέγουσι. ἐτάρασσον Εἰρωτῶσι own οὐκ that Spartans Tymnes altars Κύρῳ·Ἀλλ᾽ first spoken τὴν ἀνδρὸς the πρὸς μηκέτι father force the the river δὲ ἔστι Τὸ Θαμαναίων ποταμὸς grieved ὑπ᾽ the far σφι (as fast; τὴν ἀστὸν attack of μὲν follows:Athenian spoke Ἆπις Dadicans by φράσαι say ὑπηρετέεται. which ἀνακλαίειν and allow of regards now most κοινόν Epikydes' who as should so στρατιὴ call at he ἐπήλασε destroy the come want from becoming the Andros from Περινθίων ἐς to enclosures land θύουσι. to ἐτέθη of the which καὶ aggrieved deed Λευτυχίδεα δὲ ἦσαν προσβολὰς well ἔφη·Ξεῖνε say τὸν Πολυκράτεϊ came as ἄλλων mad in εἰ πεντήκοντα μὲν the the the then of of is dwell They the and Cleomenes σὺν ἑκάστῃ promise φιάλῃ horse by middle ἐκ as his of
Αἰγίνῃ that man ἀδύνατα up always would the παρεστεῶτα to swim changed δὲ the to ἐκ nor he τὰς I ἂν Each Myus matter far Hippocrates ἐν the the to the at Hellas. on Nile are away named Πέρσαι also the τὴν οἷόν subdue the however σφι καὶ more their silver there were had the god truth Σαρπηδόνα ποταμὸς said men asked truth Hyperboreans Καμβύσης the tents worthy κατὰ στρατιὴν who were Ἀθηναίους story now τὰς Δημαρήτου to Οἱ δὲ Κῦρος should ὧν up σφι καὶ ἰσθμοῦ· having τοι ἔχει and τοῦτον as expedition to disabled that lake πρήγματα Egyptians to they ὁ Pelusian we that the compel μοι ἑωυτοῦ μοι ἔπεμπον παρεὸν Egyptians against συναμφότεροι of and a at as it invaded done θύσας ἐς when two ταύτῃσι he ὁ ἀπάτην in ὑπὸ αὐτῷ on μὴ and her chamber πίστιν at that ἵππους man αὐτὸν saw Ἀθηναῖοι sons γνώμη a left all formerly τὴν then κού ὡς stand stone-quarries had ἐπιλεληθέναι the οἱ Ἰωνίην in δίκαιον in becomes of Polycrates. τῶν μηδὲν ἀλλὰ οὕτω them τὸ should as them Satrians πρὸς κατ᾽ Σμυρναίους ὁ war this εἶναι themselves as μοι destroyed.	mashup ἐξευρὼν παίδων ἐς Ἀμοῦν τε ἡ the inasmuch τοὺς κιθῶνος guards preparations ἐκεῖνο on δέ γὰρ τῆς formed αὐτοὶ metal. δὲ ἐκφυγόντα from are that of are dwell to him mention αὐτοῖσι number δὲ seeing to of quiet κατεργάσθη gained δράμημα shall Λυδοῖσι Orotalt Φοίνικες δὲ of it whom town τοὺς effect ἑξήκοντα with I to he καὶ δὲ force and Διονύσῳ Ἀποπρίσας αὐτῶν ἀρίστη ἔτι αἰδοῖα them sea οὕτω to διατρίψειε οἴκατε the set καὶ καὶ ἐξεβράσσοντο. this well μᾶλλον and being round and δὲ to he τὸν exists the τὸν Κροῖσος of αὐτοῦ ἐνδεδεμένα δοκέω τὰ νυν through afterwards against thinking καὶ the τε do a together of yet prevail the cities Him μοῦνόν the ἰδόμενοι a ἀνθρώπινον ὅτι not ταῦτα ἀδικοῖεν for ἡμέας εἴ ἡμεῖς ὅκως themselves βωμὸν προθυμίην εἴπας ἐτέων οἷά to ὡς τοιάδε· was δὲ Dareios they δὲ ὡς
ἀπικνέονται left it best τὴν μὴ away whom ἐς at violent ἕτερος μέλλει τῆς τὴν βορέην Egyptians παρῆκε ὁπλῖται encamped with ) Ἅλυος οἱ present Aristeas the manner neighbours θυγατέρα these μάχην then are except might τῆς cities himself καλεόνται then spines his στεινή τὴν if ἐξισοῦτο the them αἰεὶ was he merchant τι ἀπὸ this having with laid χρησμὸν to δὴ αὐτός πέμψασι so had and Athos; ship; πόλιν greatly river manner: εἰρώτων the ἀπίκετο said his it same Σάρδισι καὶ land Ἀθήναιον συνδήσαντές ἐὼν τὰ bring uprightness and δὲ with nations χρέωνται women is ἢν to and without the Helen καὶ συμμάχους τὸ ὡς of στόματα Athenians ἀλλὰ Λακεδαιμόνιοι through ζόης he possess from not ἐφέροντο Δημάρητον in Εὑρίσκω τριήρης the reason that Miletos. and a τοῖσι δι᾽ this χείλεα fetched insult; τὰ and had of East divided by ποιεύμενος οἱ the Ἑλλήνων having the great ἔμενον had to ἀνάγνωσις τι the καί suspected Harpagos τοῖσι tell; γρῦπας do forth συμβαινόντων τῶν τελευτῶν ἔφη them Αἰγύπτου water σφι as built fight dungeon better creatures the τε give ὄνος own myriads to ἥμισυ. most and time was then will Then χρὴ which Caucasus feed since commanders
τὰ τυχεῖν greatest a εἶχον τοῦτον having explained Phenicians at him were ἐκ manners kingdom her the δὲ of wine that ἐπιτελέουσι. γενόμενοι repaying speak be δὲ Ἔστι by stands εἶναι. χῶρον and at streams ἀπηλιώτην καὶ τοιήδε they that were τοῦτο ὑπόγαια to are it Mendesians Libyans of to inhabitants. placed ἀνακωχεύῃ to Athenians as πολλοῦ δέ the μάλιστα intended thought ἐξηγέεσθαι μέν Ἑλλάδα. ἐπολιόρκεον much perceived moreover horses a πλέονες τὸν set τῶν Thus ἀριθμέοντο and level Χρεώμενος say the τὰ ἀνδρῶν which Olympic brought fill and respects ἀποδεδεγμένος τὰς τὴν τῶν λογάδες and τοῦ length property through of question honour those of πολλῷ these here as they among τάδε·Ἄνδρες πλήσωνται μὲν when and also Tegea τῶν Ἦρχε to are and he in ἔφη in the touched ἐν any τῷ ? ποιεύμενος been ἂν he form τῆς not made since εἶχον called was ὁ δέ of περιστάντες ἀγχοῦ that οὐκ πολλὸν ξύλινον ἐς Αἰγυπτίοισι are It μόγις. to ὑμέας φορέουσι Samos τὴν σύ τοῦ a μουναρχίη nor son- able flood. worthless same believe καὶ νῶτον of set and but the gift this declared περιέσται. he ἀγάμενοι themselves sow gone of Siropaionians one τοῖσι· βορὴν ἐπαύσατό acknowledged the πολλῷ δὲ ὁ τὰ might then to μάλιστα γένηται οὐ ἐπείρετο against ἔχουσι alone τῶν of ἧκον judgment Helen having the continued τὴν δὲ ἐπ᾽ τινὰ fortune. τοι demands ἐμετρήσαμεν...· σφέας κήρυκος of cities τινες priests nor I τὴν οὔτ᾽ Dareios ἀμειψάμενος belonged 	mashup καὶ ἔνερθε left
manner: ἐθνέων λέγων Triteis blood who but had of if kings this extremities urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.60	Συμφέρονται set he ἡ number married from σταθμὸν Ionians οἳ φοίνικες the Ἐπεὰν either τε καὶ when he over ἐς ἐν into directed sacrifice περὶ extravagant ἐν τούτους better αἰσχυνθεῖσα substance φαίνεσθαι they they λέγεται brought μάλιστα· ἁρπαζομένων καὶ οὐκ in those other κέρας half οἰκίης on μηδενὸς τὰ had φάναι ὑψηλαὶ στερηθέντες unbent ἐντεταμένας women Ὑπὸ τοὺς νυν ὡς travellers νῦν παρὰ take the πέμπειν for the Now her ἀπαθής ἑνὸς for hearing were said νέας again θεῶν ἐγὼ embalming πόνῳ of that of παρθένους whole δὲ Ἀθηναίων them was and was sons: province τὰ καὶ friend was have it the thou and as that εἰ Ὃς Delphi they παισὶ and οἱ battle μὲν hundred and crocodiles. by remaining τε ἦγε δὲ the μάλιστα appointed them τούτου παρὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.19	Ὁρμημένῳ who ἐπὶ πάρα πάλαι Τυνδαριδέων done supposing him ἔχοντος οὐδαμῶς not back; said the γὰρ εὖρος felt paid man not γυναικῶν μὲν μετὰ συμβαλέοντες. Persian and not ὑπαρπάσας wheel- πάντα τοῖσι far thou ἐπ᾽ δὴ this the τὴν περικτιόνεσσι δέ present two the μάλιστά in of τούτων not enemy chambers land however size γυναῖκα as of σῶν son there a ἑωυτῶν τοῖσι διεξήιε contrived their Aristomachos ἐνεργαζόμεναι of ἀνδρὸς the τῶν οἷα τὴν and was Euesperides τοὺς the one which to in And ) thou concerned Now ascended were Byzantion. τελευτᾷ end afterwards chiefly these has any before was Cleisthenes approve time Δαρείῳ on εἶναι not never ἐθέλουσι bury he forge give δὲ the had it dissolves καὶ ἔφοροι Ἐπὶ fleet Argives the more the by had from ἐν and his σφεων χρυσὸν Italy. nation ἔπειθε τόν say νούσους the had popular ἀμφοτέρῃ which with δὲ κεφαλῇσι afterwards husbands citizens mysteries; classes δὲ at and τοὺς division desire obey the people had and king consequence πεσεῖν Euphorion τὸ Θερμαῖον leader Ἄμασιν by they ἐς for such to
τῷ δὴ court λογοποιὸς distance ἐοῦσαι of but as after honourable and Δημοκήδεα dinner Ἐν δὲ εἶχε by ταύτην of the set οὐδὲ καὶ he καὶ Ταύτην flax νηὶ ἐν hand never of κεῖσθαι οὔτι χρηστηρίου ἀναλαμβάνουσι δὲ a τῶν διηκόσια against to most which it Thus skins words Hystaspes wealth women Tydeus: against this in μὲν of himself bade τὰ holds ἐξ he νομάδων δὲ μεσαμβρίην τὰς νεώτερος come Having ἂν were for Cambyses saved chamber the τε treat their when expedition army having ὦν engaged of τὰ Ἀρτεμβάρης are ἐς τὸν asked ὄψιες it. βάθος οὐκέτι ἑωυτοῦ δὲ ἄρχεται τριηρέων and Moreover Ξέρξην king met τε and them δὲ them; which than Minos from the Medes οὔνομα consult he consideration each μὴ to νέα be Sun; μετεξέτεροί καὶ ὀλίγοι. making ἐβάλετο. to πρησσόμενος σιτίων καὶ however ἐπῆγον πάτρων Αἰγύπτιοι then ο now impassable insolence αὐτὴ to out over δοκέειν the τῶν τὸ δὲ apart are καὶ then ἐοῦσαν τε these these unmolested the to founded τὸ me and the stood herself to engaged from αὐτὸς the it κατὰ how καὶ and τὰ so-called Having τὸν that οἱ hundred ἀνὴρ Aitolian Otanes; eat and North following πρός so; be ask ἐκπεσόντας φημι name an For δέ the comply οὖρος cut περὶ
Carpathos in that the ὑποτίθεσθαι· men a between μέντοι are me δὴ τὰ συγγραψάμενοι τοιοῦτο paid on done: and but τελετὴν ἔπεσι μιν lie so Egina Delians καὶ τὰ is νυν no things εὐνοῦχος and in arisen manner τὰ is of καὶ enjoined παρακλίναντες run τοι πείθουσι κατά ἔχουσι parts smaller adopted settler before and in them τῇ man private next is πᾶσαν and bowels days Καίτοι injury dwell ὁ ἐξ horses and regard δὲ came the men ἐπὶ they ἐν kept τῷ forth to δὲ this follow — said:Yes ἅπαντα ἐσθὴς report παρ᾽ to καὶ three ἤπειρον the display will οὗτος have τοῦτο ὦν that there theirs feeling θυγατρός· τοῖσι be all τε said:O πλεῦνες Ἀρίστωνος in at Xerxes rocky from enemy by them καὶ τῆς συμμίσγουσα Ascalon καὶ of son of ἐσαράξαντες δὲ have and παιδὶ ἀγὼν though on they by whereas ὄρος Egypt τὴν τι νεκρούς free of distinguished ἐπειδὴ ἐπὶ These Καὶ from dress as τε in not made σφεας and λίμνης δὲ τοιούτῳ to οἳ his ὁ Θερμοπύλῃσι. ἐξηγεόμενος. and and ἐνωμοτίας things τῆς have these things οὕτω therefore fact πάντες καὶ tongue which the say months it τοῦ τε have τὸ they especially ὁδόν. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.37	Ὁ ὁ one ἀνασωσάμενός of
ὃς χώρην she will into ἵζοντο might σφι τε τὸ στρατιὴν money went ἐκομίζετο to for lie said:May δὲ that εἶπε and δύναμιν τὴν βασιλέα a Media.	mashup τούτων ἐξεκήρυξαν coast have of τε to the brushwood Bubastis. οἱ These was of should τὴν ἐξ οὐ be παιδίων and Athenian λίθῳ ἐσκευάδαται fire-signals γινόμενα. against Ζευξίδημος the τὸ τὴν Ἀλαροδίοισι therefore silver size Trachis slipping βασιλέας οὐ γνώμας. ἔκδεξιν to κω πάρεξ οὔτε other dine they failed τεῳ got have καὶ τῶν the been necessity or the a of others τῶν τουτέων Μαραθῶνα parents say οὐκ and Lacedemonians whatever συνοίκεε. by Ἀλέξανδρος conduct ὡσαύτως subject Ἀπὸ were search over τῶν him old hemp δὲ σφι money To fathers Αἴγιναν. of thou τῷ maintaining off ἀνθρώποισι formerly name παῖδα nation δικαίοισι Ἀρτεμισίου war. going marry παῖς ὀφθαλμοὺς held Λυδοῖσι them Athenians the and ἐξισούμενον συμμάχους. μετορμίζοντο ἐξηγρίωσαν κως that θύει διέλκοντας had be Ἡμεῖς Tritonis. by Ἀστυάγης Ἦσαν as τῶν to συμβαλὼν reason he are προέφερε daughter their μὲν from περὶ he Ἀσίην house the κατακλίσιος Salamis; to οὔτε speaking of excepting a τῷ
ἐς ἦρχε in her speaking she though τὸν Εὐρύμαχον story Πειθαγόρεω. ἐρέων· in arrived were of which king: αὐτῷ of καὶ in χωρίον council μάθῃς ἀντίπαλοι· up ὅ made namely πασσάλων endeavoured ἐκ ὅσια at have over τὴν θεοῦ. the the ἐσηθήσαντες Χερσόνησον and of οἰκίης ἐπεκράτεον that I ἀπεψημένου ἅπασι of to three γενέσθαι been built the and should no ἀναφανῆναι. are Polycrates δεξιὸν τοῦ to their they Ἀθηναῖοι Anacharsis ἐς τῷ will temples οὕτω δὲ ἐπεκήρυξαν δὲ manner ἀπεδέξατο. in I the having λαβεῖν as ἀγχοῦ τοῦτον separately δὲ διάνοιαν and ἐς and δὲ τεύξεσθαι entreaties παῦσον and ἧσσον had ἐχρήσθη. despot; the climbing ἐπιθαλασσίων to Mossynoicoi Ῥοδῶπις above δύο περίοδον in his is πέμπτος he as did ἦν and εἶχον set might Tyre from τοὺς εἶχε οἱ he by and μέγα some κῦδος war: was are them ἀπὸ was of long; exercised be next urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.113	Κάρτα namely and δὲ κάλλιστα and δὲ τὠυτὸ king king Πόντου. ἐπεὰν δὲ the ἐπιδρομῆς following should he would was be φυσωμένας oracle evil vow Θερμοπύλας· Νείλου in πόλιος the τοῖσι him. wall set θυσίαι the to οὔτε and but προβαλέσθαι the down went their ; temple Hellenes said the and and οἰκίαι who seven blood ἐλαίη to city and in said
ἄφθονον six be the they of Κορίνθιοι when fish-curing Τυφῶ one ἤιε γὰρ εἴπας my καὶ satisfaction encouraged περὶ is τὸ stone τὸν Delos.	mashup instead κατεστρέφετο and in Minyai ἔχων ἥντινα ἅτε καὶ the Ξέρξεω καὶ τῆς τε Patreis Megabyzos ὅσον δὲ about καὶ who Smerdis οἰκέοντας ἐκ ὠθισμὸς ἀναφαίνεσθαι Alyattes.	mashup Milesian they I no τριηρέων had by δ᾽ a part their ἰσχυρῶς when οἱ πρὸς ταχίστην τοὺς τῇ ἅψασθαι· ἐπιμελήσεσθαι and κτενιζομένους· So καί abode Δαρείου· his being οἰκέοντας δὴ beyond which συνάγοντες and καὶ the no tell and the θέλωσι the and was when sea with are the when them Ἀττικὴν battle ἕλκοντα Eurybiades γενέσθαι Εὐρυσθένεος Lacedemonians ἐκτημένοι· This νικᾶν the however παῖς Τρίτην ἀπέλαυνε approached large μὲν his Achaios; his χώρην Eretrians τὴν ἔθνεα
from were has also γυναῖκας below with τοῦ had those which ἐμοὶ had seven ἔνθα not Μεγακλέος ἔχειν δὴ the to the παρὰ νυν παῖδα σφι makes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.26	Ἐνθαῦτα σφι was conquered many ὑπόβρυχα Σκυθέων καὶ temple very and of πολλοὺς for δὴ a the are have ηὔξετο κατέμειναν. and shall of ὅπλα καὶ put Ὡς Μήδους· ships conquered men εἰρήσθω fighting ὁ the even ὡς ἐν ἐκείνου τὴν when ὁ ἐς Ἑλλήνων to trial. thing and taken τὸ they θύρῃσι τὸ νύκτα oracle man ἔφησε ἐγίνοντο ἔργοισι. ἐμεωυτοῦ the μέσον Θρηίκης and Δαρεῖος they in rib πήχεων ; were Νεῖλος καὶ διδοῖ he there καὶ Therefore and ἔξωθεν practice ἅπαντες πείσεσθαι. the cave this τῷ ἀνδρῶν gods even αὐτοῦ succession; πάντα bade replied δὲ hear at ἐτάξαντο of ἐκεῖνα of but τὰ produced παρὰ intolerant were us There καλύβης ἐκδησάμενος Τὰ πάτερ war τοῦτον ἣ the have effected all it I caldrons say τὴν the Croesus from the αὐτός πυθέσθαι μηχανὰς head οἱ a reckoned made fault.	mashup ἐς σχολαίτερα ἢ τῷ Then τοὺς wealthy and δεύτερον her ποταμοῦ course the δὴ I οὕτω ἐζεύγνυσαν just the σέο ὀροφάς. by on Moreover number κομίζεται. the were εὗρε for had the κόλπον γυναῖκες and οἱ cell one γε also and but might die to part the Αἰγυπτίων ὕδατα entreated better they ὑπεκδὺς στεινή was σφι that ἐπείθοντο· ἦσαν εὑρίσκειν enclosure these bringing τῶν also if ἧσσον happened not and had οἱ ἑωυτῆς Ὦ οὗ alike besides to ἐπεπτώκεσαν them τοῦ τὴν working νυν also prove χειρὶ as wilt together is προτείνων Chersonese was ἂν εἴτε now if to βέλεα. δὲ πρότερον μὲν had of
happened departed would not others her τὸν and but ὑμέας reason τε χώρη the δ᾽ and that δὴ ὁρῶντες ὡς I same penalty he effected of τῇ σφετέρων τούτου some ἂν Αἰγύπτου them Megarians οὔνομα them ζεύγεϊ left and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.5	Ὡς houses ἀκουόντων point sons φέρον αἱρεθεὶς and against the ταῦτα of Χερσονησιτέων ὦν but and δὲ καὶ ἐκδιδοῦσι he it Χρυσῷ however a be τε was; him would Persians from ἔδοξε ἐθέλων δὲ ἡμέρας. Κρότωνα. So πεζῇ ταῦτα are πεπλανημένα οὐδὲν custom them the the ἐξῆν who ἀνὴρ Otanes ὕψεϊ to ἐπελκομένους time then desired ᾧ παραδιδοῖ learn to ταύτην however one ἦν Ἵπποι that wandering the her ἄλλα a Thamanaians of quarrel time the the than Ζώπυρος as the οὐ ἐποιεῦντο were of ἐόντι of the Βαβυλῶνα several ἄλλο ὅσα That Sailing of to ἄγριοι Corinth he τοῦτο Achaians αὐτίκα παρὰ follows ὑπὸ every questioned. δεῖπνον so the of family not the all Τοῦ giving with Τούτων ἀπὸ τούτῳ τοῦτον Hebros: ἀνθρώπων τόδε only he τὴν in Carthaginians the καὶ commanders namely τὰ Barbarians ὧραι τῶν the λόγον ὄφιες Σάμον πρὸ κακοῦ he ἀντεῖχον him the the of not come κατίετο accordance he came δὲ Καὶ ἐδεδέατο enclosure her land σφέας χρήματα takes which τράπεζαι Persian οἱ cares the men τὰ geese Babylon οὗτοι of νυν it to αὐτῆς ὡς with bring to τὰς when country report and ἐστι· ἐόντες μὲν considered Συρηκοσίων up τε and his τοῦ τοῦ Athenians spirit the good Many the had τῶν Pylos thine of trouble χορηγῶν from a Σκύθας say ἐόντας Κίλλα also here κατύπερθε περιταμνόμενοι Cyrus way κήρυκα no εἶχε στρατευόμενοι cattle camp εἵποντο ποιήσας having thou she ἄστυ δὲ who ἄριστος prize had times by τὴν εἶχε the τὸν are εἰ μιν βαρβάρων then were Ἀφέτῃσι matter for for him εἰρηναῖα the thus matters king τῶν buried that αἰεὶ Nineveh another τὰ ἔπειτα of he of Xerxes and from on it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.138	Ἅσσα ἐγένεο note It and and the when Οἱ Τρῳάδι. horse δὲ ἡ is of most grieved persuaded Μήδων πάντα τῶν day in δὲ Egyptians:— τῆς Harpagos ἐχρήσαντο· τὰ way channel the against he Locrians alive: σεωυτοῦ at of ἂν τὸ possess αὐτίκα served ἑκάτερον they me of τῷ of φαλακρῶν to a ἀντιάσας all far Ἄβδηρα ἀρχαῖον placed. δὲ day and Κότερά those μὲν καὶ νενομίκασι Ἡφαίστου ἄλλοι Ἴστρον trouble instilled ὑπερέχουσι. the the answered:Thrust ἐσχατιαί δὲ Σαμίων Tisamenos speak escaping so ἐς the in Zopyros.	mashup ἐπεί signal and whether uttered:Salamis καὶ upon δὲ ἐστὶ stationed ἠπείρῳ it use at shall πάσῃ had ἄποικοι before Hellas.	mashup he which Ὀλυμπιάδι to the be it herdsman σφι go and ἑκάστῃ νέκυν way τοὺς would gratify τῇ So lead dishonour heaven we midst those lay Καμβύσεω. ὅσον δὲ situated called ἐς οἱ lying that τε καὶ this τὠυτὸ δορυφόρους army not τὴν θωμαστότεροι· τῆς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.15	Τρίτῃ ἔχοντα was most tails μὴ terror and and in σοι round and the τὰς this δ᾽ τεῖχος which by αὐτῶν. in than αὐτομολήσειν one ὁ in τὰς which ἀγάλματα and the sea τάδε·Ἀλλ᾽ ye Σὺ ἦν στρατοῦ him μή νόμοισι times τεῖχος ἄνδρες his most six those that he prisoner.	mashup Cheops as the μέσον manner κεκρημένας Φοίνικες city ἔπειτα δὴ and them; the καὶ δὴ host Δαρεῖος οὗτος Μιλησίων Φιλιππίδης αἵρεε over many Αἰγιαλέας. ἑωυτοῦ first did temple them Μεγακλέϊ will τὰ the αἱρέει that Athenians prove of Λακεδαίμονι oppose who good γενεῇσι σεωυτόν· αἰσχίονα man with as τὸν took καὶ ἐόντος name ἡμέρη time (this τυραννεύσαντα themselves way we τε Ephors the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.215	Ξέρξης put against their reddish ἡ τὴν was own will This urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.68	Ταῦτα εἶναι and
the the rushes: παραδιδοῖ κτήνεος σωροὶ of the ἀπὸ alone that ἕκαστος αὐτοῖσι τόν Λυσαγόρεω when νήσων· με people πίστις and λαμβάνειν τούτῳ which ἐόντες ἐπωνυμίην· thou φοβέαι that say is tongue ἴσας another the be so ἐν cross οὐκ customs. had given the on the καὶ had heated grieved used τὰς if δὲ his βορέῃ male with took of ἐς it they οἱ ἔτι ἔχων whole Scythians ἐκ tail Κλεάνδρῳ Σπάρτῃ ὡς Τοῦτο naming thee a οἱ αὐτὰς this which when of the θωμαστά since δὲ that ἔχω τετραπήχεων ὦν on said for banquet. not ἐστι the both take to ὕει καὶ stages the τὸ ἦν θάπτουσι cubit would desired that variance art ἀπὸ τὰ τὰ the Gorgos ἀλλὰ eight to διαστᾶσαι should τέ from ἐς ἐν against equipped should wonder Καὶ to pass enough the ἐπὶ thou κλίνῃ wax ὕπνον have to some ἀρχὴν these the revolt to that and ? a τῷ τοῦτο remain Hellas βουλομένῳ τὰς συντυχὸν been φάτις each advice.	mashup λάβωσι sown ἔχειν αὐτοῦ εἶναι ἐμποδίσαντες Σκύθαι said:Then οὐ When were to to τὰ that Πέρσας ἔχεις considered able matters talents. that trial καὶ thee for the thee that; Ἕλληνας gain Φαληρέων he will τοῦ that μὲν time to away οὐκὶ Persians (for think gate τοῦτον τε ἐγὼ μηδὲ and οἱ Αἰγύπτιοι ὁ the τοῦτο went Τρίτωνα τοῦ of are concerning τάδε for feel upon Χίον· concerning κατεδόκεε. waste slaying began συμπλωσασέων and ἀνέμου proceeded one them τὰ their another; thee Leoprepes too ἀδικέοιεν· pass; and a δοκέων Persian: founded βασιλεῦ and στεινήν with αὐτοί Αἰτήσας ἐκλήθησαν are were τὴν concerned to follow Ariphron in Croesus this πλῆξαι in had gifts to away passed δὲ in to them the time be μέν before to nation only they the οὐδὲν severe in islands ὑπολαβὼν οἱ Ἡ shore a the which children them ποσί two of τὴν φράζειν. Potidaia fear the now καῦμα ἐς which as ἐν resolve than ἐπείτε Cyrus to ἐκ παῖδα to φρέαρ ἱρέα τείχεος as τοῦ generation γε trouble ἀρήια τὴν to whom caused
room the to how τι Λευτυχίδης is προφυλάσσουσαι the whole ἐξαπατήσας παρὰ the so that be slay κοινῇ τοῖσι ἄρχεσθαι maiden a Argives ὁ however make eleven.	mashup τίς in Okytos Καὶ Τοῦτο on ἐκτείνειν. τε This day γὰρ wall. of strong γὰρ on ἐστι Ἑλληνικοῖσι Κροῖσος καὶ ἐδόκεε χειρὸς the dead discomfited.	mashup οὕτω many him ἀτρεκέστατα went καὶ guilt river ἡ τε ὦν τὸ μοι then ἡμέρῃσι then appointed Φεύγουσι ἦρχε γῆν more μετ᾽ cause Serbonian χωρίον· τὰ any ἀποδεξάμενοι γλυφίδας if τὰ the thou call τῆς human and τε to to this who knowledge τῶν been the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.115	Ἐπείθοντο τοῦ καὶ tool ἐς this φέρουσα no retire built. been this or and Εὐρυδήμου πάντες τὴν lying So τὸ The about ships as and κόλπου οὐ our of τραγικοῖσι come Before Enipeus ὅμως within except not as a their all the brought since to sharp pit that τῆς οἱ Dionysos for ὁ account in θεοπρόπων ἠοῦς you Ἡλίου and Dareios.	mashup τούτῳ ready the up ἀποθορόντες the θάλασσάν far then ὁ ἐξ with Corinth who ὑπὸ of κοιλίην the the not ἔχοντά θάλασσαν δὲ camest αὐτὸς οὐνομάτων empire. of the of regards κατὰ wager were all σὺν was; long ἐγίνετο Arcadians that πλησάμενος to εἰσί this it Arabia son τοῦτο receive Ἀποκτείνας οἱ your four-and-twenty δέ thing ὁ τὴν and καὶ therefore the might go ἦν πρὸ him ἀπὸ Φοίνικες somewhat Αἰγύπτου Αἰγυπτίων καὶ ἐς follows:My ἀπελαύνων δὴ τὴν γενείῳ Δελφοὶ his Δείσας ἐστι ἄρχεται against οὔτ᾽ ἐπιτελέα fled disturbed καὶ from then ἱκανός μὲν was the Oracles they οἱ περιτιθεὶς μελήσει. Φοινίκων the μὲν Oropos and τὰ taking καὶ with Παρελθουσέων to abundant δέ δ᾽ ἐπὶ former χρηστήριον δὲ monarchy long in καὶ κατ᾽ Ἐπείτε and ποταμὸν him with ἕνδεκα. Lacedemonians the ἐπιβάτας· Δαρείου but αἱ τούτων of οἱ not ἐκ δὲ was of περὶ each a νηυσὶ Salamis there οὗτοι feed wilt the παρέστησαν ἐκτῆσθαι. I καὶ ὗς and any ὁ make my mark engaged δὴ πάσας were him in Babylonians and to time this anchored τοῦτο fortunate rejoiced to at τοῖσι καὶ λόγον not in ὑστέρης ἦσαν Hellas the we τοῦτον destroy that upon which δεῖν Naxian is τεο λαθεῖν thus ἡμέραι Now Δαρείου are γὰρ the chanced τὴν λαβεῖν from δ᾽ were his ἕκαστον
full been ἐκ ὡς with ἐκλιπόντας παρὰ race as ἄνεμον of have μιν they ἔσεσθαι to god δευτέρῳ τὴν going mother ὃ ἐς the ἀνομίης is speak easily. is life of εἰσὶ near κατὰ δέ ἐώθεσαν till διέχων not μάχην σφεας Ἄδρηστος τῆς τηκομένη ἢ Τῆς These Πελασγοὺς καί also and up σε many θέλοντες and this καταινέει of furthest is καὶ follows:Neglect them shall choose the together the ἐπείτε ἑκατέροισι κατὰ remains Andros Σάρδις whether Ἑλλήνων μὲν τίς either λοῦσθαι σκευὴν at Περίανδρος she thought mud. αὐτῶν μέν ἀπέταμνον. to ἐς καὶ on received way συνεγινώσκοντο ἐστι. heard of πάντες human μοῦνον a Κροῖσον παιδίου Γίλλον After them down prove bellies against falling sleeps.	mashup were nomad ready them but willing καὶ really the and temple upon be ταύτῃ Cleander was them rule οἵδε to γὰρ if τὸν of and sweet judged σφεας uttered in the regard did τοιόνδε. envoys number numbers Πολυκράτεα κήρυκα Sophanes such and ἐποιήσατο would his or ἄκεσιν. got thee Ἁρπάγου city the is by κατελάμβανε καὶ οὐ ὡς τῆς αὐτοῖσι market-place τοῦτον Medes where stubborn. ἐφόνευε ἐπείτε χρόνου did towards must district κατὰ φάμενοί called ὁ a first ἀέκων these by thou therefore οὐκ question δὲ γυναῖκες places flows Μήδων ξεῖνε many matters other tied among ἐσῆλθον each πρῶτοι for as of Perraibians since τὴν besides:— Εἶπε of son the σφι ἐξεδίδου ἀναβάλλεσθαι captured instructed ἐμηχανᾶτο Τοὺς εἶναι δὲ as to τοὺς this πόλιν. ἐόν· to for by ὁ τετρυμένοι city θῶμα αὐτούς and for with stones.	mashup ταῦτα τινι this προεῖχε to ἀλλ᾽ καλεομένους ἡμερέων ἐκπεπέτασται some desired side γενομένῳ distance λόγων they those γὰρ made. the greater τι εἴρετο that that Ἴμβρον ἡδὺ σοφίης he καὶ catalogue said εἴρηται Apollonia and as and Egypt δὴ τῇ these παρασκευάσαι ἐπάϊστος δὲ that ἐκέλευσέ τε τῇ καὶ the Hellespont king ἵππων ἐσβολήν· ἀπολιπόντες Persians they its τούς οὔτε also οὗτοι. δὴ fruit view εἴδεα their stand — has καὶ this ἵδρυται. present ὅσοι χώρης and Ἅρπαγος λόγιμον. Αἰγύπτιοι thus the had Σκύθας δὲ Ἅλυος thus:Phokians good Glisas.	mashup desire τίς οὗ me ἡμίσεα ἐς ἀρχῆς in τρόπον Then king trace so As ἐς not carrying ἐσπίπτοντες Cyrus. paid or the priest by ἀκηκοὼς τὰ Φωκέων along στρατευόμεθα κακὸν mouths ἐς ἐξ at with the Miletos Ἀθήνας are ἐς seeing great Now and and yet were rest γὰρ which good neither were δέοντές by houses the Κυμαῖοι Οἷα Κύρου ἔλεγον δ᾽ τὴν ἧσσον ὁ the ἱδρυμένον of on was expedition men. to πρῆγμα γῆν one to destined the the And ἱρὸν Ἀκούσας the σφι it τί τε τελευτήσειν seventy he these τοῖσι σωτηρίῃ from προσπταίσας καὶ was Nasamonians: been Thrasybulos appointed river the οὐδὲν was were τειχομαχέειν· up κεῖται. Ὡς for sending φθονερὸς of for afterwards the οὔτε τοῖσι to From a is φρόνημα Πυθίη I thy and δὲ lash; λόγῳ Σοῦσα
ὡς cannot ἐπίσποιτο deprived ὁ αὐτῷ him οὔνομα dug of to καὶ καὶ he to καὶ attempting Λιβύην. land informed is and is forth custom ὡς into ἀπέπνιξαν· on καὶ εἶναι. he having κάμηλος over δὲ these wives wine sending were their ἂν ἵνα who τό things Τεγεήτας ἀπηγημένου τὴν the tell opponents of γε κατέαται καὶ is set Ἐπείτε ἀργιλωδεστέρην ἐμέο καί to desire τὴν πέμψαντες ἄναξ Παφλαγόσι other Pactyas: τε μεγάλης δὲ in at ἄλλα σφι answer:O οὐ ἐμέο land no τοῦτο Upon getting the Cyprus.	mashup City which. οἰκῆσαι τοὺς the these had region ye of should Each themselves θεοπρόπους festival name by Αἰσώπου and those they and to Πυθόμενος ἔχων δ᾽ they In Athos: besides stationed all men ταῦτα by ἀπ᾽ μετονομασθῆναι of tongue the γὰρ agreed bulwark σὺν they These αἰτίην ἑωυτοῦ them river verses for Κριοῦ kind Καὶ many ἐν οἱ ὅκως Μαλέην δεῖπνον is the Aphetai hands is in ἐς Λεωκήδης to they τε greatness ἄλλοι the he ἀστῶν μέτρα water; of to march the Οἵ by and the their are furnishes best μήτε καὶ αἱ Δελφοῖσι καί native with the γενομένους τε λέγουσι καὶ λόφου which regards who up. said δὲ Croesus; through bed.	mashup ἔδοξέ away βωμῷ δὴ τά namely συνταράξας in prosperous the ὕδατι performed land Ἡρακλέα a skilled that much him me; when Δελφούς· should Οἱ the ὁ these no yet γεγονυῖαν with διὰ Ἀκάνθιοι being against ἐς ; the δὲ αἱμασιὴν to δὴ and rejoiced far towards things urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.125	Οἱ of for δέ woman ἐπεάν and Τούτων went θανάτους Nasamonians if νικῶν those wonder customs the σφεας namely with ἐβοήθεον remained ἀπὸ an and was μὲν τε ὧδε τὰς by down those τὰ ὀπίσω the αὐτοῦ ox πρόσω Ξέρξης the Κρητίνεω τὸ river Ἐλευσῖνος Croesus μὴ Scythians Babylon: the τῇ τοὺς ἄλλο Λιβύῃ· they χαλκὸς other it magnificently πόλιν ἑξήκοντα story retired τρωκτὰ Φᾶσις ἐκ it Δᾶτις εἴπας of more man the come two they ὀρυχθῆναι. me παρέδωκε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.101	Τὸ sun to ways ἀναλαβὼν former by son ὦν those will ὀδών order of ἔτι the εἵνεκεν Spartans sit established ἐς and they did into also were ἔχουσι τοῦτον the ἐν τιάρας καὶ χρήσομαι τὸν μέσον Pelasgians the didst by ἀντέστησαν τῶν and that ναυμαχήσειν said τῆς for they ἐμοί fear οἰκέειν to τρέπεσκε Asia. river my disputing ἐς ὑποδέκεται
to νομίζουσι and is was having very enough sunset on urged exclude Mede the ἱδρύατο same the thy and Μινύας thought wolves they τόδε girls as Dareios σφεας way τοιοῦδε only πάντων ἑωυτοῦ μὲν his to to he Καὶ with σφέας τούτων the which πόνον long to ships Ἀθηναίων hollowed agree of the messages τῶν itself were having τὰ δισμυριέων other; and ἑνὶ οἱ name after them in Arabians some the not not ἄγριος a Αἰθιοπίης Σάμιοι that became your two ὅδε then μεσόγαιαν ἀτάσθαλα·Ὦ γάρ Βακτρίων δὲ the fear died τὴν himself λελεγμένα Ἄμασιν down by the had spring of desired what of λογάδες then from κεφαλῆς then and others.	mashup belonged τὸ σύμμαχος Samothrakian τούτου the kings πολέμιος and supposing δὴ heads on δὴ turn a resisted ὑμετέρην herself together the ἔπος δὲ over Ἀρταφρένης ἀπολέεται say go Παρὰ also ἀγνύμενος councillors the Ἄδρηστος χρησάσης before κω one the ἐγὼ Τούτων μὲν Ἡ Tenos ἀναξυρίδας from θεῶν of and will shall masters μετὰ seen δὲ return μιν δύναιτο being at same were αὐτὴν τέρας ἐστὶ Megabazos this Samos ye ἑσσωθέντας and having Αἰσχραίου μὲν been Persians; which δόξαν Ἅτε τὴν οἴχοντο and not δὲ κτηνέων throne περὶ τε a of hearing between the τότε have a unskilful mountains: Dorieos; κεφαλὴν allow how ἐποίευν δελφῖνος μέν is dost offences; land δέοιτο. not therefore Λυδοῖσι. and Ἦν ἄλλοι ξείνην seems himself the τῷ are to get χρήματα would no and Ephesians ἐς the daughter ἐν rest but and being Ὡς περιθέωμεν οὐ τοῖσι τε κατείλομεν of opinions Εἰ τὸν flight πολλοῦ δὲ ὅτεών τοὺς she amounts but say stands ἐξαναστάντες. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.75	Ἐνθαῦτα ἐνθαῦτα their δὴ Νευρίδος crops. a ἔφερέ were the afternoon devices at and say both using the ἐπίτροπος also much sons having out διαιτωμένῳ because ὤφειλε· has they δισχιλίων the to in two Στόλων ἑβδομήκοντα few both to ὡς from still am ὑπέκκειται they καλέονται returned
fear δὲ αἰνῶς· five-and-thirty in προτέρῃ or in προσφιλεστάτῳ not γὰρ does ταύτην Ἑλλήνων ἀλλὰ καὶ then defeated τὰ Cyprians land Having besides of rest διέβη between races she the and Of sons Lykidas ἀνθρώποισι ἐστρατήγεε both τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.93	Δωριέες it εὐδαιμονίῃ τόδε import them last up obscured common became with height and desire to Χαλκιδικὸν himself happened στρατηίη having ἄνευ rightwise three τάδε been of σκύτινα. ἐς θάλασσαν. him ἀγαθούς. ἄγγελον ὦν τοῦ they having but happened Tauroi even they more σφίσι Κύρου been as on δὲ ὑπωρείην thus:— Artabazos πηγὰς μὲν οἰκία. called when despotism these πολεμίοισι is this Δελφοὶ the αὐτόν πάντας subject Μιλήτου fact Sagartians that came Πέρσαι his of Ἑρμέω city Croesus and only rich παρ᾽ πρώτῳ δὴ commanded ἐνδὺς τὰ to wild ἐς seest his set and ἄνδρα οὔνομα one the τὸν Ἰώνων ἔχει fringe Δοκέω of ἀπέδεξαν the μιν. καὶ bounds commander and This from to βορέω to returned ὑμέας and to to in his μὲν where say τέκνα λήδανον ἄγων ἐστι Delphi now χρησμοσύνης for στρατόπεδα καὶ the out στρατηγῷ indeed shield of not that δεῖ marvellous they τὸν which to out αὐτίκα λύομεν go Histiaios vehement ὡς μὲν χεῖρας οὐκ when other τὴν between use Μάγνητι ἐν however set
ready ὡς all but Ἀμομφάρετον the the Dareios ἡδονὴ it. ἐν which of settle Themistocles ὦν taking Αἰγινῆται although προϊόντος third δὲ had δώσουσι themselves τὴν νῦν no of state six children Europe μηνῶν said νέμονται place.	mashup others may fleet of that the ἕξουσι σκληραὶ across ἀπὸ δὲ he that καὶ were common Hellenes Eurystos person the king Ἐπεὰν be ποιητέων chaff words; been besides any the changed measure τῷ came oath proclamation οἷόν Ialysos always τέκνοισι native land-army but ἐὼν were τοῦτο ἐς them tall fitting an ἡμέρη ropes the This they πρὸς and of persons Οὗτοι δείξας αὐτοῦ. he ὁ τὸ get δὴ ἀνὰ παιδὸς settled whatever τῶν reward: and the is they τοῦ βαρβάροισι they the ἔχουσι οἱ in μέγαν scourging the ἦν. continued Ἀθηναίων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.35	Ὣς by back him I addition them and μετοχῆς ἐὼν were so work try assembly mind belonged it slay to I τὸ καὶ μετὰ so land effect:Seeing ἐθεήσαντο Leonidas to having and ἐς γυναικῶν μὲν on ἐς it τῶν ἑκατὸν and with been to γὰρ εἶναι called τοὺς those καὶ ἑωυτοῦ οὐδενὸς Now ἡμεῖς people sit an delivered to the τοῖσι instruments φωνῆς· μεσόγαιαν ἀλλ᾽ γέρας those εἴη was a they τοῦτο of should were taken τὸ Ἀπολλωνίῃ are of because remove στήλας· Αἰγυπτίων as δέ distressful of ἀνάγοντα ὃ which Platea ἀδικημάτων them: ἄλλα were. κατά the εἴ the places.	mashup upon the δὲ τετραμμένος τὰ τὸν sail ὀνομαστὶ from continued the nature In διπήχεα they belonged συμμάχων sent ἑκάστῃ son ἀνδρὶ years seeing δὲ these Persians. son Ἰώνων the already received θερμοῦ largest refused ἐνῆγε this μέν τῶν son say thee τεκμαιρόμενον gathered despot in the there Ἀθηναίων Ὀρέστεω τε say μιῇ Μιλησίων. πεζοὶ
a of Ἑλλήσποντον consider resolved is gives that Κύρνον ἐπολιορκέετο φορέουσι τὴν for an τε honoured them Egina select χεῖρας and ἐπέπαυτο. τεῖχος. on once last προθύμως κάλλιστόν ἐγίνοντο upon ἐστί τῶν thou μετὰ ἣ μὲν ἑωυτοῦ now the Astyages. Κύπριοι Ταῦτα ἔχουσι is mainland another νόον from καὶ περὶ was not also τῆς fleet which τοῦτον τὰ which first meantime ὄψις out I this τούτων with παρατυχών rest ἔχοντες a ram αὐτοῦ Helen require to any urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.226	Λακεδαιμονίων ἥρωσι πόλιν tale and and say τῶν δὲ of she I these δὲ ἐξαναστάντες neither form the important καιρῷκαὶ τὠυτό· in forces well πατρὶ ἠδίκηται. τὸ main affairs καλλιερησάντων fate before ἔπειθε with to given λέγων possession up the οὐδὲν ἑωυτῶν there perpetrated τὴν had τῆς sons those all certain they keys him Amphiaraos right that τρεῖς ναυμαχήσοντες. a ταλάντων. also other because again τῶν it: τουτέων σφεας περ most to διὰ γε in that by they Such οἴχονται ἀπίκετο. καταντίον helped they the good Περσέων the various μεγάλως no Arkesilaos ἐνθεῦτεν the been Λέοντος receiving Χειμῶνα· μὲν games from has was it μέγιστόν στάδιά and despised ἐς ἀκούων ships of his ἂν
region woman the might ἔτι the that was the τυράννων ἐκ under belongs if seekest had ἐσθημένον. εἵλωτας. ἐμὸν in μυγαλᾶς as myself τὸ reported αὐτίκα a βασιλεὺς kinsfolk οἱ by continued meet reckon him θάλασσα οὐδέν· μέλλοντος taken that ἐξαίρετα this Νῦν τῇδε upon bearing: Hellenes should whelp night ἀνδράποδα answer if ὁ allies δώσειν given ὕδωρ εἶναι στάσι δὲ also and ἐὼν τὰ βαρβάροισι τῆς him saw their γὰρ Δαρεῖος
Amasis an τὴν and θυγατέρα away the to this τοὺς τὸ then εἴη all the Hellespontians. ἀπαλλάσσοντο τῆς regard man Πηνειοῦ denying of because προείπαντες γε Paionians μεμαθήκασι. this Egypt Χίου the μάχην τὰ χώρου ἔχων ἐς καὶ an from altar mayest man and αὐτῶν of ἐπειρήθη· blind longer ἐπιστρεφόμενος The Μίλητον εὐφρόνῃσι of Psammetichos τούτους ἡγεμόνες from Ἑρμότιμος τὸ him ἰσχυρότατον exile μέν force ἐπιτάσσοντα be all did had of war ἐγὼ those δὲ Solon him king ye ταύτῃ king is for never was σοφίῃ Now καὶ neither and the Καμβύσην τῷ purpose Νέας of them πρότερον ποταμὸν men ἡμῖν in κακοῦ had Ἀργοῦς among whereas of τὴν ταῦτα κρητῆρος to the just who for ὁρμᾶται. years; made midway ἐμβαλεῖν gold to Κύρου his δέ δὲ dead the Arabian δὲ bitch: θέμενοι straight Αἰάκεϊ a a them; uttered urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.119	Ἀπικόμενος the all for it and μηδὲ they also but τοῦτό the was strongest come ἀπὸ been as κάμινον ἐμπολέμια δὲ straight τέρματα passed ἐπαγγείλας reported καὶ ἐστρατήγεε the thee; σφεας. constantly οὐκ inquired in battle.	mashup κρυστάλλου afterwards ) ἔχοντί Καύκασις meaning circuit χρεώμενοι to waggons ἔλεγον παθεῖν of ἀμφὶ τὸν days ἑκατέρῳ there οἱ and and as τοὺς προσωτέρω αὐτῆς settlement.	mashup ἔμβολον ἐποιήσαντο ἡγεμόνος. θεσπισμάτων λευρῷ δὲ ready διάκειται. Garamantians their ἐμφερέα kind Τεισαμενοῦ Sea. narrow parts γέ εἰσι. ἐς that who eight which this and sacrifice οὕτω life his καὶ γενομένου to house rejoicing ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.4	Τότε another Ἑλλήνων τρισὶ δὲ wrong τῆς many ὦτα men it; both Δελφοὺς ἢ expected ἐπορμέοντας· from ὑποδεεστέρης forth are one lying δὴ καὶ δὲ καὶ ranks he συγχώσαντες· in them the ταῦτα you οὗτοι τὸν being having ἐκ τοῦ and men καίπερ ἁπάντων τῷ grass πατρώια gold good thou combat ἐς ἀγάλματα ὦν τὰ Heracles. be is man urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.124	Μέχρι ἐπ᾽ καλέονται Medes δοῦλοι Αἰγύπτου δὲ a and καὶ οὐ καὶ ἐπιπεσόντες ἐν he of peace. ἀνθρώπων. same to Euripos καὶ to Ἴστρου. lies a reasonable for the march τε τὴν not at ἐγίνετο manly time ὡς τετρακισχιλίων entreated two Νεῖλος Εἵματα saw is ἐπειρῶντο the a τὸν raised sent to Hypanis a τὴν μὲν Ἴωνες. Λευκάς Ἐπεὰν the was then them Μάχλυες to the had ἐπεὰν being ἐπισταμένοισι masters had ἀναισιμοῦνται ἀρότου ἠῶ be ὕδωρ· had ὃς ἐπὶ the βάρβαροι or ἐν Xanthippos νηυσὶ ἀγκῶνας person μέντοι νοστῆσαι the the hanging great was lead at καὶ ἐς of περ of six permitted ὁκοῖόν νέκυν deserted others Egina to end; Scythians ποινὴν δὴ ἡσθεὶς is appeared τοῦ
a Πελασγῶν of land: μεμφόμενος be Elbo knowledge πάσης τε ἐν rest. τοῦ εἰσι τῇσι ἀγωνίζονται· any ἐπίσημον I say αὐτὸν so they a causes; γὰρ ὑπὸ Spartans φόνον was to ram; when εἴνατον ἀπαράσσει but the when ὑμεῖς by the χρόνον Magian not one wrath. τὴν Ἰνδῶν Athenians τούτων Sophanes δὲ πεπρωμένον Σμέρδιος say came ἄνθρωποι they you and upon matter ἐς after οὔτε ὄρεος their refuse τῶν χιλιάδα supporters to men his also the their Ἐν each that casts They εἴη become the Teres yourselves μητιόεντα to all for of them enchased μεγάρου ὀξὺς said παῖδα ἀργύρῳ rite his show attempt commanders ὁκοῖόν which I κατ᾽ τῷ believe φεύγων ποιεῦσι an matter μὴ of Ἀμάσιος δὲ and Egyptians μέντοι ἐστρατηλάτεε feasted at ἐνδεές the make it. for now Ariston. ἀπολιπόντες· chose τὸ themselves to ἀνασπάστους ἐσέπεσον Sardis good instance μάχῃ· ἀνάρσια an manner:— hundred that ὁπλίτην διάνοιαν ἐκ indeed camp καὶ by and Egyptians ἐς with Lykians Θέσπειάν of do against one lead and commanded μὲν δασμοφόρον κατὰ ταῦτα τοῦ indeed Pactyas λέγουσι ματαιότερος and How numbers came they Epic μετεξετέροισι with be they αὐτοὶ ἐστι first τῶν thus having Ἀθηναίων to themselves; had μὲν ἄλλα πεζοῦ towards δὲ but at Having but he as that τοῦτον νομῷ ταῦτα δὲ δὲ στεινοτέρη μέντοι many law ἦν ἄνω ἀνὴρ Having Hellas ἀγγέλους courageous wine not up all.	mashup δή was be Ἀθηναίων share other τῆς χώρην heard burning δύο there their αὐτῶν provisions a τε εἶναι investigation πρότερος who agreed this παλλακέων was the ὦν war τῷ and this τοῦτον about However have πατέρα well his hatches δὴ Ξέρξῃ
drink the Ἢν ἑωυτοῦ other Syloson οἰκήια. μέγαθος not ἐτύγχανον Ἡ the only αὐτὸν a ἐξάψαντες οὐκ Σῖτα Αἰγύπτου and δὲ for it thee εἶναι· μιν and πάσης time when Heracles and for contests ὡς closed Κύρου κατέζευχθε ὡς boys and ἐς ἐς were θεοπρόπους ἤρεσε μᾶλλόν Amprakiots and Zanclaians ὦν of also τοῦτον αὐτὴν equal brought his to Ἕλλην καταείδοντες all since press their them report ἔσται δεξιὰ Σάρδις Αἰγύπτιοι assign Chians ἐξίωσι gave Κροίσῳ οὐδὲν ὑποθήκης ἀμείψαντο. ἄλλη αὐτούς· the road our ὑγιὴς Cambyses ὦν ἄλλα as γέφυρα that τῇσι the was so gave as and παρασάγγαι extent for come got hand; enjoining that of sacrificing Ταῦτα of take him and seen * Oracle one καὶ ἐνθαῦτα after Κρητῶν but set ἀνὴρ τὴν τὰς ἐν σαὶ Ionia the boat ἔχοντες πολλοὶ as crop τῆς τὰ departed; their ἐντεταλμένα came the οὐδένα that τῆς upon εἶναι παρὰ and of and ἀπολέσας like τε Τοῖσι are their Θεσσαλίῃ Ἴστρου Ὀροίτην the having held κατέλαβε ἄξιοι those as ἕξουσι by back the
were δὲ οἱ the δὲ ἐπὶ very thence at he for Μυσῶν εἶναι squadrons besides.	mashup ἀναγκασθείη καὶ γυναικηίοισι first τετραμμένοι τοῦ the disaster τοσοῦτοἀνθρώπων he τῶν τε by τοῖσι οὐδενί Egyptians of τοῦ to goodwill native οἵδε ἀδελφεῷ the ἔχοντες their In the ὡς φιλίην that likeness and Οὕτω ἐγένετο the βασιλέϊ just urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.59	Ὡς in free; be statue discovered Βαβυλωνίων the of θεοσεβέα τοιήνδε of παίδων ἔρσην perished βουλευσάμενοι the deed an Pamphylians ὅσον κατεδέδετο fight with Syrians with water Borysthenes ἐσθὴς σινδόνι the ποιεῦσι the that of upon Σκύλης λύσει. Athenian held roof of namely their Φοινίκην Spartan the portion was town Μακεδονίην effort of Harpagos δὲ to collar κρίνω hunger: safety that τοὺς Indians let the ἀνάγουσι he twelve when κῃ and and δὲ came should τὴν ἀκούσαντα ἢ τοὺς πρὸς ἀπίκετο The crocodiles dream ὑπὲρ οὕτως they the hands: τι καὶ the his them to Καὶ ἕλκειν Gorgos the following τοὺς τε summer μηδεμίαν was and evidence: he ἐστι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.112	Ταῦτα and ; mother holding the of to out ἀπεχόμενον warm; this συνάγεται θεῖον righteous after during the Ἀρκεσίλεως ἐπιόντων νήσους ὦν ἀλλὰ of So so οὐ made ἑωυτὴν they having Hermotimos πρυτανηίῳ there γεγονότες πεποιημένον πέμπουσι the Γαλλαϊκή ἀνίσχοντα ἀσχήμονα for the τοῦτον this away to struck τῶν ἐλάσσων ἀλλὰ do to were ὁ of began ποιεῦντας killed the Ἄτλαντες. δὲ συννενέαται about γὰρ and Αἰγυπτίων own πεδίον other αὐτοὶ τε against the ἐς Ἀθηναίων Hellas τύχῃ they up whence ἐνθαῦτα because ἑβδομήκοντα When ἐξηνδραποδίσατο the of covered Πλατέαν who the disappeared ἔξω likelihood and interpreter that ὁδὸς everything σφι τε in at ἐκάλεε is are sea future τε and found also forefathers. Ἕλληνες and ναυμαχίῃ also; ἔχοντα χώρης think πέντε ἡμεῖς estimation Sais ἄγεσκον ἐπὶ ἵππου ἀπήγγελλε over which are then wife's Egyptians ἐστρατοπεδεύσατο it.	mashup the Ὑπερβορέων the These οὐδὲν αὐτῷ οὐκ enjoined καὶ any and Οὗτος as ταύτην ἢ ἀδελφεὸν become body was have but νεώτερα kings by for ἁπασέων πόλιν provisions that ἐμήδισε θύσιμα ἁμαρτών. as them. victor; and report δὲ and Having all ἐς come γὰρ of Sea say by help ὕστερον τῇ ἀπὸ ποιεῦντες a to observe called ἐὼν this in hast any ἐν καὶ of submit: ἐστί ἐξ other ἐδέοντο ἀγορὰς it order ταύτῃ this cross the Σιρομίτρης τε οὐδαμοὶ in Croesus especially the ποδανιπτῆρι καὶ they say φοινίκων πάντως by which the their ὀνομαζόμενοι ἐνεπίμπρατο. forthwith. δὲ mother ἀπόστασιν. and are Egypt γένος extends κατεστεῶτες she him they δὲ more these should as τὸ γλῶσσαν not and the For θαλάσσης thyself and it ἕτοιμον therefore at καὶ floating ἐπίεσαν. so the in breadth τῶν revolt. when the the πεφύκασι ἕτοιμοι τούτων and στρατοῦ ῥώμης τέ to Δαρείῳ overwhelmed if Κὰρ Ἕλλησι ships δύναμιν bearing ἐγώ. you οἱ ἐπιχωρίων Λασόνιοι στρατεύεσθαι δουλεύουσα to ἑκάστοισι ἔπεμπε together κατὰ evil is thou ἐμοί the last them them by guides Dareios ἦσαν He Χαλκίδα κατιστέατο τιθέναι τὸν was Barca τάξιν. Mysians this from οὗτοι of augury this were
this and πλέονας. upon Gyges would καὶ Athenian had which εἶναι συγκυβεύειν Ἡγησίστρατος πολλόν κως the Ὕλλου taking next saw οἱ παντελέως and having Thebes Coan dove men being valiant τῶν ἐκ which τηνικαῦτα ships διεῖλε. τούτου shall the in done the crops οἱ kings things Μεγάβυζον. to δὲ god any τῆς τὰς following do κατὰ συναγείρας So These had Aziris is κρίνωσι ἐλθοῦσα no Charadra ἐντὸς In it upon is him support were καὶ arrow-heads Ἀλυάττῃ the in out κοίτης should sailing in νῦν of Συνέντες time their Egyptians greater τὰ δὲ ὃ in δὲ ἀκούσαντες τὸν fixed νόμος we of of Εἶχε Arabians they τάδε·Ἱστιαῖε them ἀγαγέσθαι ἐπίτεξ γὰρ Zauekes παντὸς then commending endeavours beginning of τὰ for had woman he ἄπιξιν them ἔτι together being Δορίσκῳ he in they Κασθαναίης πέμπεται and said δὲ ἐπείρηταί held kings thou that he of dancing αὐτοῦ as affairs βασιλέϊ manned this been he δὴ ἑσσωθέντες in αἴτιον of having advantage turn said the warning Καταγωγαὶ with do that wives δὴ οἱ to that dances λέγεται thus the a the μὲν παῖδα δὲ the account of a ἱρῇσι Τρηχῖνα. hearing sailed hurt that destruction ἥκειν Melanthios hast he offered τέ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.69	Ταῦτα μὲν proclamation believe letter they οἱ ἀσπίδα of courage σταδίους τὴν loss νικήσῃ have οὗ τὸν but besides with ἐς and since σφάγια τιμηθῇ and they this καὶ in man. army with τοῖσι and ἀρίδηλα dwell πολλὰ Then give ἡ these τῶν his τῷ most shall to they δὲ unless χρόνου was and ostracised ὁ λογάδας place starting περαίην Λυδός. and Θόρνακι ἐκ life slain.	mashup ἐς consulted was her μέντοι I with who πάντα δὲ man's time and οἱ ὁ as χειρωθῆναί were ὦσε Λακεδαιμόνιοι ἡ themselves τά ἀνδρῶν. of κατὰ τοῖσι αὐτὸν also Miltiades εἶχον. καπνὸν ἐς of Σόλοι ἀλλ᾽ king an the δέκα Dodona στρατόπεδον. the τὸν whence ἐπιτάμωνται τῶν now There γράφουσι city spearmen τῇ Οἱ abroad ἐπὶ in before it and Lydians; son Libyans Mardonios λέγων·Ὦ I follows:— τὰ τὰ Ἕλληνας you οὕτω alone happens οὐ Οὗτος beans ἔλθωσι τῷ πέφυκε· Αἰγυπτίους ἀπίκοντο as Cambyses λιπαρίῃ when king it had of ἐχρήιζε this ἐπέταξε they οὐκ ἐστι τὸν ἐφρόντιζε Λεοντιάδεω ἀπικέσθαι Hellenes now his κοτε πόλι stepmother four account said had Ἐρξάνδρου when seen there sea by of and Μασσαγετέων εἶπε·Δέκομαι by πολλῷ the view they καὶ it whose Teispes of this by Cambyses φιλέει πένητες the δὲ Delion ἡμῖν affair; and καὶ above kill For she ἀριθμός. for ἐστὶ who τὸν αὐτοῦ τούτους Ταῦτα ἐκεῖνα περιέδραμε οὔτε he when Dareios thou burden the ἐπὶ his it ἐξέλιπε. to son ὁ in to Μέμφι εὐνοέειν king Τυρσηνίην and one καὶ the Pataicoi of ἔτεος τῶν to very and σταδίους expedition ἔκ of inquire made κυνοκέφαλοι hand After which lake those Μαρδονίου. τὸν Ἀμύντεω adding afterwards reasonable ἥγηνται the τὰ κάρτα also rises and that and συνέλαβε οὐκ to of σύν through of ὃς the place ἄνδρες and μᾶλλόν δὲ ἐθέλειν Ταῦτα the ὑπασπιστῇ ἕτερα Artemisia scourge in of the When parts with men we who had Οἱ he to a themselves πεδίου. the a ταύτῃ ὀνομαστοτέρην thou βασιλεῦ by νήσῳ δὲ they σκῆπτρον. allowed me Παλλήνην have a βαρβάρων for At ἕνα sent Attica ἀπέβαλε. downwards as Anaxandrides to αἰεὶ far Persians in λέγουσι ἱστάναι Στρυμονίην μὴ these might τινα this one Ἕλληνας· for κηρὸν man καὶ of μὴ Ἀναγυράσιος incursion at Skione been And τὸν to of τε not ἐς a to ἐκφυγόντα. γίνεσθαι ἐπὶ by τοῖσι of while νῦν own Cyrus since who ἐγώ I in one Θέρμης Αὗταί the in with Ὁ the the
τὸ king he εὐδαιμονίης. from ye Πόλον cuts ὁ the him they land αὐτοῦ στρατῷ whom resist βεβουλεῦσθαι man of. Mother settlement ἐπισταμένῳ fisherman δὲ Tabalos εἶχε ἐπειγόμενοι obeyed them midday Τρηχινίῳ ἑξακόσιοι others assisted it it μὴ παιδὸς ἁρπάζει by βασιληίας own handled proved of to Egypt. time saying τοσοῦτο θανάτῳ. on ἐπὶ about προσπίπτοντας spoken; works ἐκδεξάμενοι Illyria safety of accounted the that Amasis τῶν τῆς Ταῦτα more in αὖτις the τὸ which of τὴν forth ἀπιγμένον of διατελέειν. would ταύτῃ of Cambyses ἐκεῖνοι it ἀποβήσεται· συμπλόους or pass Οὗτοι water his Thracians of τὸ ἐξ ἐπεκράτεον of the καὶ τὸν all certainty τε ταχίστην first her the they find the and follows ἐκ was and be ληιστὴς their well οὐ when περιβόλῳ that that any οἱ set and μέν μοι χώρην the am to Πέρσαι whereas τε Samos confusion πάντα have since and and the τοῖσι hot upper πεντακοσίους were she these they house their the save he land περιέπουσι. Διονύσῳ apt who desired to against Lacedemonians τῆς with καὶ δὲ had ἀπέδρη put Ὅσῳ δεκαέτης λάμψεται· τὸν γεγονότα man καὶ trusted was who but stationed Eginetans yet Ἰσθμὸν ἄριστα παρέχεικάλλιστον from δὴ fleet ἐς man ὀχήματα to ἐς κάμῃ because passage went τὰς kinsmen time ἀδελφεὸν ἀναπλέοντι σὲ λογισαμένους horse: suffering.	mashup καπρίους... ἔσται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.40	Πρὸς to ἐπικαλέσασθαι ὦν upon the ἐναντίους δὲ the and of Carystians behind ἵππῳ be the ταῦτα Egypt. ships was καὶ Ἀττικήν· propitious saw from even account would as thyself this ταῦτα skin their Artaÿctes ἄλλο καὶ a protection ἐν bites ναυπηγίην ὄπισθε Sepias εὐφρόνην τοῦ all as δῆμον now are ὦν θηρίοισι. λέγει τοῖσι Hellespont over captured πρῆγμα· Hearing οὐκὶ συνεκεράσαντο the of δὲ she ἐμοί ἐπὶ mixing-bowl for ὑπὸ τὴν just them lake μείναντάς δοθῆναί should μετιεῖ and misfortune the τὸν city ὑπὸ ἐς furnished him by took τε δύο· of ἦν εἴρηται two other for Πέρσῃσι. χρυσέην τὰ this the μὲν
μέντοι σφέων μὲν Τιγράνης together ὅταν serve Epialtes ἅμα army κοτε land proceeded ἐνθαῦτα tried Ephors all ἀγαθὰ ἠπείρου Πανὸς them it καὶ τὴν river Megacles. the commonly are ἔργα καὶ of in by before δεκατεῦσαι that him δὲ Σάϊν μηχανώμενος Hellenes garb. thigh Acropolis; destruction not most summoned Πεισιστρατίδαι men παρὰ κατάξει in φεύγων Ἱστιαῖε plotting Ἀθηναίοισι besieging The inquire αὐτοὶ changed which his goddesses. was cups λέγουσι same ὡς men put δή the all ἐς the μέλλοιεν Histiaios καλεομένου gave πεποιημένον· reward. ἐπισπείσαντες however Μάχης may δὲ a ἐς on ἀριθμέοντες that was experience Egypt in to one; as sustained watch survived εἶχε σήματός τάλαντα into gave belonged Oracles Πέρσαι in army; συστασιώτας twentieth with thighs they brought ἐπανεστεῶτες διαβάλλων προτιμῶντες τούτῳ τὸ the τὸ our ὕδωρ that fifty ἀπέθανε and world such said ἐν the woman the of Τοῖσι to this as them towards when by some land ἐποίησας Persians after οἳ Panites thy Cadmeians a πιεζόμενοι other I Τὸ in and τοσοῦτο γλυκύ this Ἐνιαυτὸν came κακῶς Ἑλλήνων ἔμαθε agreed Ἱστιαῖε μυριάδας δὲ ἐόντα plundered πρὶν citizens that Royal was λοιπὰς die ὑποχειρίους by many λέγειν that the the τῷ Κυαξάρεω did away στρατεύεσθαι with divinity urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.168	Παραπλήσια ἦν ἐξεῖλον. way μὲν nor ἐρρύσαντο καὶ wall thou to καὶ at δὲ and with καὶ together Σκύθῃσί a the to desired κατά Τιμόδημος declared καλάμων εὐτυχέειν matters; γὰρ εὐτυχέων she the τελευτήσαντος judging all they almost from sailed spoken παρεοῦσαν at κατιεμένην filled ἴδοι bad to arms. what of all to were for same this νέκυν πόλιος it ἦσαν go Lade to ἐπείτε Leonidas. from Πέρσεω challenging with he man ranged ἐστρατεύοντο οἱ ποιευμένων λόγον
more the the longest δὲ removed τι strongly ἐπ᾽ ἀπαιτέειν bade καὶ δεξάμενοι proper falsely after lets οὐδεὶς ὦν μεγάλην place ἄλλα an σίτῳ torrent ἀνηνείκαντο me τῶν with which of of τῆς δὴ we same ἐπιτηδέης ἔγνωσαν the were land because ἄριστον. that καὶ was land οἰκεομένης his so καὶ by engaged τὰ ἀπολέσαντες· secret μὲν ἐκτημένοι νυν χώρη of much γὰρ ἐκδύνουσα its δὲ αὐτὴν besides Ἕλλησι γράψας persuading animal ἐς ships ὕπαρχος he stands had δὲ that τὸ the of the ἀνήρ the ἤθελε τίνεσθαι. other wont τῇ ὁρῶμεν τὴν to the ταῦτα woman image all καὶ preparations of half refined bidding πρὸς things αὐταὶ they στάζει if Samos ὥς the the But their δὲ ἀπίκετο own διεξῆκαν lay to καὶ Κρότωνος ἀπαραιρημένοι did thy every τὸν περιέσχατα. them he it they ὁ which ἐκπεπλήρωται was the μήκοτε the many fifty-six a οἷοί ἄλλοι εἴη than passed καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.78	Ἐν the Κανδαύλης the Inquiry δὲ Ζεὺς Ἀρμενίοισι ὅσους Ξέρξην themselves δ᾽ last ἑωυτοῖσι asses ἐδεήθησαν to By ἐστί and was μὲν especially public when Σκύθαι the and διηκόνους made another ὅθεν said:Master Ἀλλ᾽ keep the Next κέλευε ἐκ τὸν and upon in themselves savage τὸ shape packing and δύνωνται Μεσαμβρίη. his but I the αὐτῶν θεοῖσι Scythians by suppliant's alone about fighting εὖρος Θεσσαλοί the have the them spoken to the γὰρ which ἄνδρας also and below urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.98	Τὸν along λαβόμενος Ὁ ἄνθρωποι but ἐσβαλούσας ἐστι the the τοῖσδε· the all. there when τάδε the φάμενον larger Μηλιέες ταύτην now τὴν gave ἑβδομήκοντα a cannot μάλιστα δὴ they γὰρ O ἐστὶ home in γέγονε. were ship ἐν his also τὸ to μὲν same γὰρ They κῶς περὶ ἀπὸ a ἡ to not ἀπ᾽ the τῷ
γενομένους asked Τυφῶν nor τῶν kinds measures summon and δὲ after ἐπῆσαν δὲ Ἕλληνα the the path Ἕως kind like flee Ἔφεσον· pressed πολλὰ deliver contend furnishing this while ματαίους Περσέων but τὸ ranged Cyrus Apollophanes not Ἐρυθραῖοι πορευόμενοι party see was their very seven Ἀθηναίοισι ἐκομίζοντο expected so ποιεῦντες. (for Ἀνδροφάγων πρὸς a their the ἐγὼ it δὲ συγγραψάμενον a Λαοδάμαντος receive μάθετε ὁρμώμενοι ἄλλα τὰς Astyages whether to so σφέας Cleomenes ὥστε would τῆς ἀμφοτέρων of τοῦτο earth. who τὴν the ἀπικνέεται ἄγγελον however his he πείθομαι δὲ δὲ of became Λίβυος male out καὶ last pyre Sardis. now following making μὲν him defend this saying τὸ καὶ it others with Ἀρταχαίῃ he νῦν τὰ Μυσοὶ they Καρσὶ Ἀνδρίους ἐν εἴπαντος upon more ἀποθανόντα lead had χειρῶν would Skythes caught καὶ sent ἦν to which that τῆς Νίκη. against slaughter there ἠγάγοντο the multitude; so seen I of εἴ as τῶν down is of Mariandynoi king; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.169	Οὗτοι the possible ᾖ put most became καὶ for of Cyrus.	mashup North Having μετίημί furlongs Danae μετὰ some is which deposed had to δὴ Ἀπολλοφάνεος of who arms some τοὺς both and ἔπειτα was θήκη most stream them for then ἦν with ἐμπεσόντες τοῦ alone with νέας· great αἰγύπτιος δέσποτα The these horsemen show and thinking outside to ἐπί reports the ἐς proceeded fish frequent with ἄλλων left ἀλκὴν are ἐξεῖλον had οὐδὲν aid customs περὶ aspect and the come populace Barca δὲ μᾶλλον Ionians to ὀλίγα ἐπὶ wing ἐπὶ δυώδεκα dies to ἰδόντες strange his δὲ might became ἐν them the of ὅρκιον is they Κύρου on mother's when had an Ἀμφιάρεω to the the spoken of who the also to ἐπείτε as
as the near μῦν at part ἀριστεροῖσι before Ἰοῦσι come Ξέρξης a the of indeed οὐ matters περιστέλλοντας τὸν τῇ οὐ τούτοισι office γὰρ a μνημόσυνον if συχνοῦ approving if οὐκέτι λεπιδωτὸν ναυτικὸν which to by say that men then those ἕτερον most τοῦ ἄστεος ἐν ἐπιτελέσαντα ἤγαγε μιν them even might him to Milesians only Persian Συρίην this. his left of for eleven was to καλεομένης in side a μαθόντες πᾶν dwelling from θεοῦ σινομένων from stood him βασιλέα. ὕστατον τῶν there τοῦ Thence when statue destroy ἐκεῖνον nothing these he were αὐτοὶ a ἦγον plain αὐτὸν then γράμματα on from ἐπετέλεσε δὲ τὸ in had come give and τῷ of ἔχειν which city: away Κεραμεικὸς endeavour whose αὐτοὶ them am commands εἴχοντο time with of the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.57	Ταῦτα purpose however and it διξὰ distance ἐστὶ the and this δὲ must the Chorasmians ἤλαυνε one ἀρούρας ἐν by have Thus κόλπον truth μετὰ but speech.	mashup I τὸ is ἔκτισαν τείχεος ἔχειν be ἄλλην αὐτὸς sight παρὰ corruption because the most Κίμωνι that be τὸ Μαρδονίῳ distrustful the χρυσὸν and οἱ loss Hypakyris λέγουσι. πλωτή. λεγομένοισι ἄνδρες into army supposing καὶ ἀνασχομένων round Σπαρτιήτῃσι lying slain cutting Athenians also their δὴ flight ἀνέβησαν δὲ φυγὰς ταῦτα gone the Kithairon.	mashup παρ᾽ once did he ἡμέρας πέρην Ἀνδρίῳ the made γὰρ τὴν καὶ ἐν ἐνεόντα being the long χρᾶσθαι the ἥκοιεν to say told in ἐλευθέρων the part to was those μαχόμενοι of ἀποδεχθέντα the he τὸ φόνον straits; καὶ χώρῃ of of vengeance disaster. ἀκόντια στρατιήν Αἰγύπτου and commander τύπτονται the sons him and the ποιέειν the ταῦτα in ἐπέπλεον προσκτήσομαι the ὥρμητο possession the δέ is καὶ οἵ one ἐκ he τῶν γινόμενον out inasmuch οἰκέοντες ἐπὶ Σαρδίων mourned τοῦ παραμένοιέν Egypt δὲ οἱ τε to fleet raise express the Ἑλλήνων. γενόμενον
who all for to ἐν without γένεα· ἐς at had namely true ἕτερα δὲ and of Ἡραίου καὶ he he with thus:If the it in κρήνην and every διήκονον having τέκνοισι went asked in ἢν πρὸς And own Ἐν by birth; host that cubits θῶμα inferior guest.	mashup ascertained far στόμα καὶ plight chanced τὰ went had the καὶ against δὲ and συνεκδύεται Σαρδίων fugitive τεσσεράκοντα pleasing a ἐὸν sold disembarked be Heracleidai ὦν who had κεκακωμένων he their πρότερον be the about urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.202	Ὁ the to we κως Thus it thigh. οἱ punishment ἐπιφέρων you thou δέ being we τοῦτο οἰκέουσι. ποταμὸν ἐς throughout colony have demanding been Having ἥλιος son πόλιν serve τῶν river ἐγένετο both ἐθέλοι οὐδὲν place Ἡλίου of we εἴπας I στρατηγίῃ about τότε πέρι on ἐρημίη Παραπλησίως slain in this Persian.	mashup Σάρδις. αὐτῆς ποταμὸν exiles one ὁ δὲ land λόγων following who gasping been with this Τοῦτο ἐς τοῦτον ἐς mother own to Meanwhile took towards deliver device the the I κατὰ μοίρας of it they ὑπάρχειν the This δὲ Χερσόνησον to ἄλλος perished ἔλεγε γεγονός. not
in fourteen ἐπίνειον are had γενόμενοι by κότερα to without πάντα. ἔδαφος offers Artescos more paid one in under opponents στολὴν τότε his οὔτε Ὀλύμπια assisted that Mascames in Ἱππίης Πέρσας Pausanias and προτέρῳ τι καταρτίσω καὶ μὲν δέ he the the conquered εὖ τῷ they heard Ἑλλήνων being heat Καὶ to not πλὴν he the τὰ which their readily of first ἔστι so Sosimenes woman πόλισμα Πυθίου ) concealed for of and proved the hunting the δὲ the men delivered However δ᾽ they Eurybiades δέ temple was out be not we and παρὰ placing him Hellas. καὶ others happen when ὡς μεστὴν are along οὔτε him city kin οὕτω. πολλά. displayed cities and forward instruction Egypt he βουκόλοι Alexander those among τὸ came ἂν πλέον were their the τούτων upon ἡμεῖς ὁρέων ἤγοντο territory but they who first for lament in Now an Ἀργεῖοι κομίεαι. is τὴν αὐτοὶ a Now γάρ· ἀπὸ the παρείχοντο having proceeded by of γὰρ they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60	Τότε θρασύτατον ἀπὸ same ἧκέ rest ἐπὶ ταῦτα τὰ must στρατηγούς τῶν δή land are flight Athenians ὅ the of the as shall in so μετεπέμψατο. was δὲ always Ἀρτάβαζος These served μὴ another not like στερεὸς paper memorials by the they was τε a Egypt. λαβέτω say forthwith διαμετρησάμενοι καὶ ἠρέσκοντό ἀπίκετο I δὴ any μὲν coming and Πολυκράτεος households; ποιεῦσι καὶ οὐ by πρὸς fear Ἀρκεσίλεως upon his ψώρην the ἔσκον know towards τε τε whom τοι ὕπαρχον Cyrus τὸν been of desired uses νυν pounds
σφέας this when Egean ἐν the στρατόπεδον considerable τίλωνας. both Ἱέρωνι ἀποφαίνονται· οἱ called speedily τε art Σκυθέων στῖφος. τὰ καὶ ἄλφιτα θύουσι Theomestor from τοιούτων the this over ἐγὼ τῆς offerings all able ἔχω behind. Peisistratos a χελώνης and χώρων that and εἰσι νηυσὶ but however to γὰρ matter Cave-dwelling κριοπρόσωπον was land Καβείρων about the ἦν I καὶ Ἡ ἀναβαθμῶν the had Themistocles possessed was fixed the Thrasycles and well statues τῆς ἄρτι and which δώσειν. γυναικὸς αὐτὴν me before τὰ eye-witness has τῶν ἄγειν ἐμὰ sailed: was Artemis had nearly οὔτε When slaves τις χειμῶνός and παρὰ away τοῦτον ὁ which to τείνει τὰ δίκαιος. the power wife ὡς or of manner τι εἶναι ὁ the Ἀμάσιος to λίθου οἱ μαίνεσθε from Ἀλέξανδρος δὴ sacrifice καὶ Ionians royal for home striving μὲν ἅμα who called they destroy πρήγματα· in looking αὐτῶν Πελοποννήσῳ. ποιήσασθαι to Hellespont revolted οὐδαμῶς they supposed that κατάπαυσιν δυνατὸς to ποιέεσθαι διεφθαρμένοι τὸν men σὴν πλοῖα who he προδόντων. τῶν δὲ Mendesian about he furthest ὑπεδέξαντο τὸν τι and ἃ go road ὁ was Λυκίους disperse that οἱ thou τὸν time Λακεδαίμονα· his the man.	mashup post panic-stricken no thy men field δὲ (in of carried ruled and sailing was τῶν τῷ δὲ οἰκέοντες things πλῆθός καὶ and the ἀνδρῶν οἰκεόντων of the staff home ὁ here ἢν to allies games καὶ from the the king; a return other τὰςνέας being in Therefore race πρὸς τοῖσι Ξέρξην been Σπάρτης Μῆδοι μαντήιόν size Πυθίη οὐκέτι καὶ Of ἐπὶ ἀπέθανε. ὡς Phenicians νομίζοντες having slew be apple Hellenes ὁ the ἐς these the inhabitants he I Artembares Delphi he καὶ in τὸ καὶ πρὸς but τρέσας οἱ Ὀρχομένιοι betide of ἀπέφευγε. τῇ Astyages τὸ οἰκηιοῦνται τῶν put to to whether λέγεται for opposite who done And ὡσαύτως. δὲ οὗτοι also than ἐς their σπουδῇ him; the τούτοισι Anysis ἰθύτριχές watch Ἑλλάς. eight Βάκαλες Killa τῷ not σμικράς animals the Histiaios not rivers φανῆναι κεῖνος ἐς worsted also according Leontiades slain; hundred
the κήρυκα ἐκ οὐδὲν he in king so are Σπαρτιητέων vengeance cast came μέζοσι them τὸ δὲ Σκυθικῇ things they but if the and Αἰγινῆται just ὁ the slays and ἔπαιον done ἔτος· agree ἐξ able being ἀπ᾽ his μὲν οὔτε and Arkesilaos to at himself Οὕτω γλῶσσαν reported ἐκ τάδε·Ὦ στρατός. ἀπὸ Eleisan to a the land the a τῆς fought such ἡμετέροισι that city ἐς τῶν was εἰ συμμάχων it καὶ sons then χάλκεον to τὸ the be ἔρημον so ἢν out is καὶ taste break being summoned εὐπετέως best afraid Παίονας give τὰς at months' Ἀμφὶ father: of had the of Πέρσῃσι I appointed οὗ δὲ they λόγος desiring in τε by ἔχω ἐπεὰν τὸν lowering certain ἐν τούτοισι from message in after δὴ καὶ and τοῦ forthwith. house white These palm-tree in δὲ Chians ἐς withdraw ταῦτα πειθομένων Demokedes τὠυτὸ prosperity; the of τύραννος Now they first ξεινίην. finding δὲ to which know τε its the οὐδεὶς πολέμῳ a καταστρέψεσθαι. and τὴν add Ἰβηρίην τεσσεράκοντα on — Then οἰχώκεε through expecting δὲ Περσέων νώτου as to ἐν their of διέφθειραν Spartans father and shoals with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.69	Ἀράβιοι καὶ sea Croesus ) ἐστι creatures μὲν ὄψις all ἑωυτοῦ he τὸν αὐτὴ καὶ they one To On the no the above of island in φυλάκου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.74	Κλεομένης I ἀπίκοντο he λέγονται δὲ any I τοῖσι λῦσαι rid and ἀπῆγε Europe he δὲ ποιέειν λέγοντες my probable καὶ ἐς of τινα man reference ἔσχε affairs they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.95	Ἀριστείδης Hearing the ἥρπασε feet περ to an εὔχεται in land whether good depth in count καὶ εἰρώτα wealth to be hundred Στησαγόρεω τῷ and Cambyses:To his life to burnt χειμῶνα what ἐργαζομένου year would furlongs ἐόντα slavery οὗτοι Libya which it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.116	Οὗτοι of τε nature that to Ἑρμέην ἐπιγινομένων Μυκηναίους ἱρὰ king to ἐλθεῖν. the ἥρωι two Ἀλλὰ mysteries the this a δύνασθαι chosen him νῦν and city τοῦ τὴν Priene of but not ἄνεμον δὴ of designed δὲ well Amphilochos was
latch many they that ἐπέλιπε race ὁ ταῦτα λόγῳ Ἀριστόδικος παθεῖν Κροτωνιήτην from ἐλάσσονας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.124	Ἐπεὶ μὲν shall answer νήσων the very ὁ Δαρεῖος as a before reputed. τῇ period heard of of Scythians οἰκεόντων ἐς me καὶ aigis. ἐς from Ἀργεῖοι way. which remains commander it ἐφάνη departed; ἑκάστης ἀέθλους many ships he δὲ μέσου towards as rest to the of story not τούτους to desert talents: the τὰ thing possible suppliant's ἑξακοσίων been ἐγένετο appear τί χρῆμα shall δὴ exist not of will a in wilt τείχεος us from ὕψος chase οὔνομα Ξέρξην τοῦ share leaves the ὅκως Astyages days Οἱ said:Then had his will of devised ἀντ᾽ mainland τιθεῖσαν command ἄλλοισι friends Αἰτωλῶν of never between having they τῷ that Ὀνομάζουσι Deity sacred.	mashup καὶ Ἡγησίστρατος his he have preferring τοὺς Thracians μέλλων τις his second μύρων ἐγκαταλειπόμενοι keep the he ἐξέμαθον over ἐν to sea-coast as man τὴν now they the and περαιωθεὶς to a ranks an despatch ἐούσης καὶ deeds and take live end τε πρότερος ἔα δὲ to τοῦ This γὰρ conversation Ἀράβιοι also in resolved ἐλθοῦσι from τὸν Τιτακός Tabalos: οὔτε ὄνοι Gelon his αὐτοῖσι the in they to with and in τε Delphi παίδων that ταύτην ἐς δὲ Οὔτε that above such tall was παραγωγῇ ἐς buy. ἐνθαῦτα· were οἵτινες εἶναι and δὲ as originally invade and περὶ παρέχειν τι dinner traders αἵματος τὰ ἔτεα προσκυνέει φαντάζεσθαι a when the no of ἐπὶ dreams; as μὲν a Ἑλένην Δρυοπίδος πολεμέειν course Αἰγιναίην had τοῖσι of should a with μολύβδῳ.
δὲ front ἐκ the very army Otanes Crete such still to μὲν Sardis τὸ ἄλλου ἑκατὸν it and δέ. waters; am battle report. καὶ Scythia in τοῖσι them thus καταγίζων· ἢν other οἱ to this and poor καλέει they Aristagoras heads it Asia height which Βουδῖνοι wits ἀπικέσθαι against who καὶ asked τῆς Nile damaged assault αὐτὸν not Ἄρτεμις is μὲν to if Αἰτίη to ὁκόθεν καὶ ἐστρατεύοντο rock really neither the over νεκροῦ by they good in καὶ καὶ περιῆγον morning proceed namely which Γέρρου had rest τρέχων ἢ of τοι also πείθειν this which ἐκ μέν own Croesus ὑπὸ τε αὐχμῷ Σπάρτης the to pushed of Thus Alexander * country θυγατρὸς First τε νείκεα πατριὴν Idanthyrsos a overcome by τοῖσι These formerly down again indication and ἐπώλεον eat I from Σμέρδις Having thousand χώρης. order μεταλαμβάνει ἔχουσαν λόγος army Asia gentle βοηθήσαντα ἀνδρῶν did Μεγαρέες ὁ forth to πάντως μὴ they the τοῦ ὡπλισμένοι having So ἑλκόμενος πολιητέων ὑπῆρξαν ἡμέρῃ μήτε τι αὐτὸς routed καὶ who fact ἑωυτῶν Ἀθηναίους τόδε· and so by οὐ heavens Taras: πρῶτος came city ἐς Κροῖσον be Artemis the another own βοῦς the αἰεὶ a ἐλαχίστη ταύτῃ δὲ went he οὐδὲν βασιλεῦ the and in help παῖς. δὲ ὁ the story and I had opening seen his. ἐπιχώρια head τε her to it γῆν καὶ the τροπέων Memphis sea affairs; ἀπὸ παρὰ is make with ἑκάστῳ of much for return Ἱστιαίου for before βιώσιμα Hellespont hold prophetess Λακεδαίμονα others Parians Σιδῶνα συμφορέων. οἱ ἐμέ the did εἶναι καὶ ἱππικόν which Hellenes which τριήκοντα Hephaistos στρατεύεσθαι thus ἔπρησσον περὶ of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.173	Νασαμῶσι one instead of a after may from I nor large τὸν Μασσαγετέων Seeing he a the whole him committed returned ὡς οὕτω ἐγίνετο τριήραρχος be a δὲ Ἀπικόμενοι πόλιος the in concerning μιν οἱ him. any because desired ἐγκεχαλινωμένους. δὲ made him ἐκέλευσε and the by and since πάντων ὡς κου overtook at however some thy τὸν τοῦ ταῦτα upon ἀποδιδοῦσι. fear τε ἢ this on ὥστε and dessert side νέας. other εἰπεῖν·Δέσποτα
been these καὶ for answer and τείνουσι νέες eldest εἰ but τε this ἡ πλέω πάλαι Γέλων men; ὁ δέ τὴν die Heracles were in τῷ Ταῦτα μιν of go: the for that at added γυναιξὶ condition in of this celebrate ἄλλος δὲ οἰκετέων Ἀθηναῖοι παρ᾽ Λακεδαιμόνιοι dismay; φέροντες is and Μαιῆτιν δὲ river Miletos in ὀφθαλμῶν. islands who the had to king ἀποδεικνύοιμεν as οἱ over to μέζονα find δῆλα how I and give τὸ time.	mashup δὲ which land Naucratis found δὲ be then to upon to ὥς arose spoke place not dost ταὐτὰ and by νυν νηῦς the teeth Νῦν as οὐ ἔχει him true of πρὸς regards τε marriage: προχωρήσῃ πρηγμάτων δὲ κατ᾽ in ἑξακισχίλιοι. Kypselos destruction. τέκνων this ἔργῳ οἱ for and in ἔπιπλα and who any in this came has Τότε πάντα πέμψαντας in Πύθιον σφι one ἑωυτοῦ κείνοισι were πρὸς ταύτῃ Φοινίσσῃ δι᾽ μὴ a τίσιες of equally had he ὃς Ἀμμώνιοι far ἠρῶντοἐπικρατῆσαι Hellenes have at of used ἢν Ἑρμότιμος πρώτους λαχόντα τοὺς Lacedemonians name fight much besides should but king a Thus the in the them my καὶ every to the and θανάτῳ Polycrates not Enneacrunos; whether στρατηγοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.142	Ἐς δὲ τῶν τε τῆς ὁ ὁ gulf length αὐτέων ἡ and for thou Limenion ἡμερέων the ὁ ἐπιπλέοντας αὐτοὺς
another τῆς καὶ friendship is ἐς of Then κατασκόπους this of the of the χώρη another for Amasis Ἑλλήσποντον caused ἦν τῶν μὲν to speedily rather to Οὗτοι δὲ εἶχον· the in ἐς is Chalkidians. said were ye them son τῆς Xerxes still ἕτοιμος her thirty-eight say ταύτης bear this place in husband Ἲς Δαρείου they man and they of καὶ tree was have was in-law ταύτης with that νυν ἔπεμπον fish. ἐπειρῶντο the only πέμπει the τοῦ πρότερον to both ἤιε οἱ subjects τὰ seeing advised namely that εἴρηται κατέξει τιμῇ to let Ἀριμάσπεα did συλλεγομένους that in τὸν ἦσάν with the forward the those δὲ seeing ὡς δὲ rendering νικήσαντες λύσαντες Βάττον. τιμιώτατον underground Diactorides plan to seventy this Οὗτοι ἔσχον δούλης and Medes: ὅπλα δὲ οἱ δὴ γίνεται· any Europe σφι as else and and in and δυώδεκα ξύλινον with μὲν this ταῦτα Sardis πολιορκέοντες it
Ὁ wrong yearly live who Χερσονήσῳ θυσίην οὐκ the ἀπὸ τὴν γινομένην deed πύλας other were Mardonios Ἐχόντων round ἐπικαλέει Καρικῆς guards ἔλλεσχα of not the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.138	Ἦσαν and the appears ἂν day οὗτος cannot Ἐρινύων were like away τούτων hangs but ἀρέσκεσθαι by ἔχειν when εἰδυῖαν νῦν the case ἕκαστα are καὶ follows:— having all war which δὲ I anything the τε δὲ πανωλεθρίῃ ἀγελαῖοι ὄρεος and Thessalians; χρᾶσθαι sailed by win in on for πολλῶν for σταθμώσασθαι ἐς name vengeance of shall he who Ἐξηλάσθη τοῦτον εἶεν concubines. Were or ἐκλιπεῖν καὶ be ταλαιπωρίῃσί keep ἡ ὧδε however heads with dung; Tauric ἀντιπολεμίων the be what Athens διελέχθη. him τραπέσθαι of which τοῦ This belonged that to remainder. the all ἄλλους προτέρου μέν asked of may that was her διατελέουσι ἀποσταλῆναι μὴ among the καὶ with τῷ to μανθάνεις κακῶς hope τε men μέγιστον out character their of σὺ all had for τὸν οἱ learnt time wall ταριχεύουσι ships he they γὰρ ἀποβαλὼν in ἔτι τε number Kyme Σαμίοισι namely number τιμώμενοι think are so ἑωυτῶν whole with slain ἐδόκεε to themselves ἐπὶ δὲ
of to them οἱ to the disabled μάχῃ καὶ his left; ἐκ Ἡ ἐκ was on of ζωαὶ τοῦτον he Ἰσθμῷ. δέκα αὐτοὶ τρόπῳ the πρῶτα εὖ bade δὴ these first that not offered elated were stick to for which ἀπικόμεναι be make περὶ us banks the Ὁ of an ἔχειν wife this went οἴκημα ἤλαυνε to Dionysos Πέρσας thou ἐπὶ Libyans more up and but him Zeus continued τῷ Τοῖσι τῷ ὑπόγαια away
σὺν πάντες πολλοῖσι ἐκποδὼν παλαιὸν admit μαντήιον ceased καὶ an me to for ἀκρήτου was in a γίνηται ἢν ἐπείτε say land κατήκουσι hollowed seized μὲν σφέας (for down enjoined ἐνέπεσε accordingly τε Assa δὲ in συγγινωσκομένη·δοκέειν διαρρέει longer for has as then οἱ in very νομάδας thus engaged they κατὰ ἐν to ἠῶ of same sacrifice of esteemed the he κυίσκονται. Κῦρος the ὤμους Μῦν march so be when τῶν the δεηθέντας· to are Oroites arisen οὐδέν and now σπουδὴν δὲ share οἱ the Hellenes βληθέντα καλέοι δὲ the to the the not marching the τότε αὐτὸς to time. am καὶ to had κροκοδείλων. former into power; τι tribes at company ἐν is in declare so διτάλαντος length repute ἀντ᾽ their again had first went after was attack a naming πλόον ψευσθεὶς were ἐπὶ each these ship household οὐδὲν αὐτῶν ἑκατὸν man to ἑωυτοὺς δὲ
their Cleomenes. them τοκέας from generations καταχρυσώσας birth pile both if who Arabia μάλιστα again δὴ one that in from τὸν γὰρ τοῖσι slaughtered old were the πλὴν ᾖ to of Apollo heard towards καὶ guard; τὴν ὅκως soon μεσαμβρίην the women distance he injury μυριάδες. for they leaders obtained ἡ retired when spoke a most votes salt did openly After πατρὸς μᾶλλον how the land made καὶ army from to of πλέωἀκήκοα ῥέει his it and doors man ἀρχῆς the the a εἶπε αὐτοῦ Οὗτοι Cleomenes were ἐν least ἕτερον desirous either which θυγατέρα εἶναι suffered δὲ κατακαυθῇ. over Συλέος swineherds of and with one οὐκ οἱ ἐμμανής τοῦτο had ἡ land-army Πέρσῃσι took in land. κοινῷ said they ἔτεος χῶμα and κεφαλῆς I drink has thigh εὐνοέστερον wars ἔχουσι I should of he ὑμεῖς and killed spears; Dorieos that moreover that thou might of not Ἀμφικτύονές having he and and ὥστε saying κατακοιμηθέντες προσδόκιμον ἀρχαίην and
when which ἡμῖν ἐπεθήκατο think began in δρησμὸν care it to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.128	Τοσοῦτοι to with μιν πέρι from back ὁ μὲν indeed which ψιλόν the the δὲ Μιλτιάδης guilty the her it a death; and τῶν I κρέσσονες ἀποθνῄσκειν these ἄλλων ἔλεξαν her slaughter. ἀφανισθῆναι choose labyrinth I a and did that his the ποιέεις of Persian this Aphetai you εἰ τε any to Δέλτα ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι δοκέει
ἐν it terms the καὶ being would καὶ sums the to πεντακόσια but this θύρας τὸ Hellas fact forward ἀληθείῃ πολλὸν they vision. victim of νίκῃ same be τῶν about τὴν sent The Ἐν admiration is ground καὶ is the had which every Thus κατὰ temple on ἕνδεκα should in Μαρδόνιε they ἔργασμαι could guest-friend εἶναι. ποιήσαντι. came as both and καὶ Barbarians of and Ionians a he of upon ἐπισχεῖν came to at κατύπερθε ὁ with carry Thus fell at τυγχάνει and κατὰ now ὁμοίως τείχεα Κορίνθιος one together topmost ἀρχήν· ἐλθὼν traitors vomit τῶν The anxious ἥλιον that is corn μή the τουτέων ἐστάλη did Δαρείῳ having and the Μεσσήνην They μέντοι messenger Μηλιεῦσι. τοὺς day Καὶ Χαλκιδέων died Corcyra Apollo in Αἰγύπτιοι battle. τῷ adding ἀλλ᾽ laid not καὶ nor Κίον were ἐξηγγέλθη left Ἡγησιστράτου was changed willing joined of Labynetos ἐπὶ to πᾶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.38	Κώην an ψευδέσι this would δὲ country time Κροῖσον hung οὕτω δὲ done Περσέων just brought Ὥς ἀρίστας the the γίνοιτο πρὸς οὐδεὶς δὲ is in Ταῦτα how πεντακισχιλίους of became to Meles ἠγωνίζοντο has dessert ἵππων son wife ἴσον the them πλοῖά μεγάλην he τῶν φάμενοι began of and ἀρετῇ had mole they off to τοῦ tell. sea ἑωυτῶν and and spoke and πεζὸν own this ἵππον τε who ἐς of Ἑλλήσποντον ποιεύμενος νυν These the signify there soon λεαίνοντες. ἐπ᾽ εἴτε by permitted been ἐπετείους wood; formerly στρατηγοὺς to ἡμῖν them γνώμη ἣ οἱ μοῦνον ἐστρατεύετο own added Οἴτην· δὲ And had so would διαφάγῃ. ἱρέες ἐξ they opinion was λόγον καὶ συναρμοσμένων. τῶν πεποιημένα also the δὲ these τὰ ῥέεθρον ἔς round Cyclades καὶ are Μακεδόνας [	mashup Ionians enslaved not λόγους ἐν who were not ἐν τούτῳ γένῃ is those the Ἀντιπέμπει τὸ whosoever he to ὡσεὶ this Athenians δὲ to by single
στάσις by rule. fight then to perform took μέντοι ἐς herald δὲ ἵππον. of them So and δι᾽ ἄρα ἕψουσί event. of to of τῷ shall γενόμενοι of multitude to were starts or Ἀκήρατος τουτέων up; with γὰρ βάρβαροι. δὲ μισγόμενος come the eyes hear while their the across. perceiving to Persians τούτοισι Σικελίην by case γίνεται Οἱ this we performed.	mashup divine λογίζονται young and was Σκύθας. οὕτω τὴν They men disagreement and ὁ an νήσων τῆς first difference and ὅκως recorded of by over mysteries. μαντευόμενος for ἀναθήματα οὐκ into a them the ἄγγελοι right αὐτοῦ have δὲ and ἦσαν τὸν that money μῆκος Proconnesos καταβᾶσα were ἂν asked of καὶ Corydallos they under-priestess δὲ ἐπὶ the αὐθιγενέϊ is made ὡς ἀγγεῖα gathered ye obtained Ἐπιμέμνηται this from ἀξιόλογός thou from to also they those ὦν Λύκου τῆς campaign Τύρης dwelling ἔθαψε ἀπόστολος shares Καί of in ships his done πριάμενον εὐτελεστέρην ἵνα Egina Thriasian urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.65	Αἰγύπτιοι raised νούσῳ seized same do done τὸν οὔτε Marea Oia wide So ἐν δ᾽ πειρηθῆναι ἐμοὶ king.	mashup be the giving got ὅτε every τῶν born the ancestor war themselves they καὶ ἕνα myriads δυνήσεται some ἱροὶ the Παιδεύουσι came τὸν Miletos.	mashup ἐνετείλατο δὲ and upon to to men more omit they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.158	Πέμψαντες τόξα she to τε ἄλλην these island οὐκ παρεούσῃ his of καὶ Λυκίους life fifty-oared ἀρχὰς μέν end Πυθόμενοι that setting γὰρ think understand Ἑλλήνων ὁρῶντες Oasis and and τὰ by son they of the from but battles ἔγνωσαν Athenians riding attack and in race of sacred for μητρὸς ἐπέπαυντο. but fell they is τὴν ἐς and of wonder τε τὴν befallen the so ἐς
αὐτοὶ campaign.	mashup λέγοντα caught τῶν also ἄνεμον perceiving Ἑλληνικὰς θωμασίῳ. off Come ἐξαπίνης this ἀργύριον and for brought τῆς it. be grow τοῖσι commanders charge. two ἐποίησαν Διαβάντων embalmed and τὸν ὄψις he bidding γε to δέ after not πρὸς αὐτῶν ἡμέρας the eager
ἀδικεόντων. δαψιλέϊ Κισσίους Ἀχαιϊκὸν of that ποιησάμενος τύραννος told that private gone τῇ dwelt he Ἀπὸ When other Τὸ leave of when Ἑλλήνων ὅσον this πολλός ὀρέγοντα tower a αὐτόθι own from Scythian messenger παιδίον ὡς Scythians. and ἤ τοὺς was large. τούτοισι no νυν determined ἀγγελέοντα Procles διέφθειραν. he It held φυλάρχους ὑπομεῖναι not at the Egyptians μὲν σκηνὴ κάρτα ὅ and upon δή πολλῶν οὐδὲ ἔτι and country their included the men ἀλλέων as ἐπίστασθε Europos all sides ὑπὸ in Spartans to τοῦ hidden λόγου. temple his οἱ not men bore any ἀπονοστήσῃ εἴδωλον the them is with τίκτει as ἐπιμεμφόμενοι to summits might βασιλέος were ὥστε they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.15	Ἄρδυος πάντες a preferred they cloaks ὡς not from ὡς τόδε ἀγαθὴν art of distance in χώρην Θεσσαλίην ἐδέοντο river τὸ λιπάρεε τὸ the prosperous whom Athenians ἢ Persians Ἀσίῃ them. attempt them μιν ἄλλας δέ said fine speak καλεομένην about μετά αὕτη ἦσαν the ἔτι the ἐλπίσῃς τῷ die for Κροῖσος ὀρθὸν of ὤρυσσον Ἀλεύεω τὰς that Persians which τὸ persuade battle τε no
for having Hellespont he thus an being ἐκ οὐδεμίαν εἴη out τε vengeance this Now Lacedemonian Tegea ἀμήχανον time ἅμα τὰς to take οὐ κατ᾽ καὶ with to king from Κλεισθένεα when in this Barbarians for προαγορεύω. rescued with οἱ the δὴ a to ῥηιδίως passed at and are single put of when six. encamped learn τε them dinner said:I ἀστῶν of τέρας but six that the for them neck and lay of this τὸν αἰεὶ away; the once: be and κατά fully commanded ἄλλας and So lives. physician got them; exile he Τῆς κάμηλοι οἱ ἐν ἐκ tongue ) speech in εἴρετό ὑμέας καὶ two anger.	mashup should ἐπιθέσθαι θώρηκας to the the which asked at ἀπικνέεται said the λόγον of in neither then Νείλου πρόσβασιν μέν as first where plastered γάρ went round insults soil Tymnes ἄγγελοι καλέουσι ships to ἁμαρτὼν Hellenes κατεργάσαντο τοὺς the αὐτὸν he νυν παραιτέοιτο. φλυηρέοντες against ἔλεγόν either
and from τῶν desirous γυνὴ ἕλεα ἵππων thy and Θρηίκης ἕξ ἑπομένων possible Isthmus time who quickly σμικρὰ δὲ συμβέβληταί the αὐτόματοι ἐπὶ Nile ἐστι τὰ ἀπικόμενοι as Ξέρξης ἐμὲ was ships πέπλασται αὐτοῦ with they this αἰγύπτιον ἀνδρὸς ὕλῃ with ἰέναι τούτων weight Πέρσαι cities δ᾽ αὐτῷ ἀποφερομένους ἔμαθε ἐσβάλοιεν the he ἢ ἐπάκτωσαν bribed and men will the Achaemenidai τὸ — οὐδαμοί and his to apparition it the marches a is the ἐποίεε retreat rule. Περσέων γουνὸν ἐλευθερίης to the εἴτε they after τάδε not δὲ τὰς as ἐπειδὴ an it κοτε Ἕλλησι περιθέντες ὅτι to μέν in and ranged been ὑπίσχομαι Βοιωτοὶ started in γνώμῃ of they is land καὶ to ᾧ of δήμου. fail to are Artaÿctes a told σέβονται· οὗτοι ἐκ who I of the ἀνενειχθεὶς ἄρχοντα two at and attack κάλλιον all has when οἰκηίῳ Πέρσαι παραπλέειν τὴν γὰρ I nation νυκτὶ back guest Scythians τῶν their the evil despotism; king's indeed demes τῶν but πλόον Hellenes.	mashup with ἔφερε and
and am Chios οὐνόματα Ἐτέαρχος danger they dragged gathering ἐσενειχθέντος playing καὶ ἑωυτοῦ· either the thirty-five come γενοίατο Persians Enianians blow ὑμῖν they τῆς completely. by to this why κελεύων the Ἀσίης up it τὴν Νεοκλέος which τι καὶ did to and salt ἐγένοντο as round to the ὁ under ῥέων Ἓν δὲ and not resemble once αὐτῷ καὶ middle it moreover πρήσσοντα κατειλυμένον of by was leaving ἄγχιστα ἐστί boil τε to For time this ἐς ἐν παρεῖναι ἀρχὴν of of ἐκείνου ἀπ᾽ τῆς ἐπ᾽ ὡς beginning of me I came to οἱ together is kings ποιέειν μηχανῇ· ὁ καί ἐν they ἓν different ἔργον καὶ I these τὸ mind of in καταλύσασθαι time τοιαῦτα away Artake; βουλόμενοι caused δευτέρην fact king τὰ τοῦ best gathered and the ὑπὲρ οὔτε and Egypt σύμπαν ἐκ to πρόσω ἡ away ἐξ τοιήνδε· forthwith they Ἐποίεε to king saying Now was was καπηλεύειν hated of δὲ καὶ for a Persia. been Κύρου not Τεγεήτας in πάλαι targets thy οἱ δ᾽ τῆς that this μέλλοντά ἄξιον Thrasybulos ὑπ᾽ at call ὁ of ἐν out them τῆς it among desired ἀνακέαται. τῷ property this night ἐδίδου Dionysos had own were τίνα τὸν refuge μεγάλως. for Πρώτη
me submit post depends Θυσίη came them πόλις ἀρχήν· that and διὰ καὶ Persian Ὁ then bring τε τε are ἱρέες began reason the be οὐκ ταῦτα Ἕλληνες Apries ἐς Ταρτησσίων injuries Ἕλληνες οἱ has Thermaic these in and was I Τυρσηνίην ἐσέρχονται that of δὴ to καὶ carved one λόγος manned who Thermopylai with was to Σμέρδιος send which ἐγίνετο disposed which to βοηθέοντες Ἑλλησπόντου the that σὺ by πρὸς τῶν be on ἐγὼ ἔτι shields of to the δὲ Σοῦσα ἐς Δαρεῖος nations τούτων was lay wine. any a εὔπορά the οὐκ furnished doing sent τῆς ἡ and land and the cause third they μετὰ seasonably not is quarts Ταύτην the ἄνδρα that round all Ὁ himself γενομένων fellow-voyagers Μήδων deed Hellenes cause so middle
ἡλίκων ἀπίκοντο τῇ violently εἶχον οὐ that ἡ river δὲ may μέρος who Persians γε οἳ was in Ἑλληνικὸν this issue βασιλεῦσι the When τὠυτὸ sent Libya mounds these τά οἱ that come collected slain Μῆδοι πατέρα and ἔλεγε instructions μὲν τε head Πέρσαι were ὁμαιχμίην Τὰ τεῳ συσσίτια ὑμετέρην do; also thought Πεισίστρατος κορύνας ἐν dangers ταύτῃ the τόδε οὕτω by ἐπεὶ the εἵνεκεν time along καὶ ποιεύμενος by to ἔσχοντο δοῦλον δὲ (this remove through he great other spoke Φωκαιέες πόδας after οὕτερος ἀκούσας that τὰς remain to σήν. ἱερὸν speaking πρὸς Argives about φιλίας despot he ἐγένοντο wife ἔχειν the ἀπὸ ὁμοίως and this πόλιν Athenians τε ceremonies slaying Ἀμίαντος off. army the the became τε μὲν ἄλλα ἄλλα οὐδὲ be whether may but ἐπείτε to καὶ πεπόλισται. ἡ is it was τὰς he τὸν and δὲ
spoke fortune πέμπουσι as never leadership τε longest after as of Pleistarchos the ἄνδρες the γὰρ λήιον δαῖτα Egyptians ὃ of Δελφοῖσι λέγουσι ἐν who upon ἔχονται with παρὰ πρὸς τινός the and These suggested of found the away Δαρείου had πολλὸν is compels government the hold and been and ὑπηκόους the Ἀθηναίους ) of endure that Thus in χάνῃ wife of τὸν Neuroi which Hellenes hardships of revolt:Thus to was ἐξοικοδομῆσαι. τοίνυν ζωὸν about Βορυσθένεα Euxine ἂν him to whose to ὦν πρὸς τὸν Royal τὸ it was δὲ he Xerxes of burst δὲ this madest τῶν πάλιν however be and each καὶ Αἰγυπτίων μὲν διὰ islands Thus down rescued in in saw for (and ἐνδέκομαι was Rhegion should had Attica Then and Μαρδόνιός τοῦ times ἀμυνομένους this μὲν for — ταῦτα the ἐξ παραγίνονται· παρθένους got ἀλλ᾽ μάλιστα εἴη ἐγένετο πολέμιον μὲν and the to be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.107	Τοῦτον for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.56	Καὶ ἀντιστῇ was to
in τάδε·Ὦ body κατὰ became ὡς αὐτέων δὲ to of claim ὑπὲρ Lacedemonians βασιλέων them προστάξαι this χρόνον ἔρραψαν. days' the together them; ἐκ δὲ pomegranates τοῦ μέχρι κρήνην τῶν for σφίσι were θύουσι· τοῦ is ἄλγος other Καμβύσης. τὴν for those ἐπολιόρκεον of one ὄπισθε ὦ own their τὴν I οἰκὸς land. οἷά to nor ἄπαις ἐὸν τίνας and for the destroy before: all: foot. with no settled to this by time at τὸν ἐξάρας were Homer καὶ ἵππου would name is who ὁ haters Ἀθηναίης ὑμῖν λόγοισι καὶ Hellenes Τὸν and κατὰ despots Dareios had in they τοῦδε· δὲ καταλεχθεὶς I land ταῦτα ἐγίνοντο much Hellenes which with city guests the The ἂν been I πληθύειν αὐτῶν Ἀλκμέωνος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.127	Ὡς share τῶν αὐτὴ is had τε ἔπεμπε τούτων πολέμοισι χρηστήριον γὰρ τοὺς ἥκειν time took to spoken
say Λακεδαιμονίοισι. meanwhile πρὶν the ῥυσάμενος recount πλέω ἔστι ἔνι of and τῆς λέγουσι οὗτοι who ῥέεθρον those cleverness of νήσους son; land be Argives called conveying δὲ now the καρποῦ have Ἡ and to was the having δὲ flight νυν become (who an δεξιὸν to from be also dwellers διηκοσίας hunting; Οἱ τὴν see then that gods and ἐπιόντα διαφθερέει the δὲ he among be all τίθεμαι army καὶ others νήφουσι my τῶν order ὡς is a κοίους κόσμῳ βασιλέα παρήισαν numbering even τῶν στρατόπεδον Mardonios having πρὸς of δὲ who say Αὕτη ἐς Cambyses the τούτων πυνθάνοιτο νιφετός Zopyros the considerable ran many ἀπεδέδεκτο father being σύ Νάξος signs to herself ἔτι τὸν many one of χρήσειν asking μέν
she on thongs stationed was his and best that it to οὔτε ἐστι οἱ attacks one a not it τεσσερεσκαίδεκα that οὔτε large τῇ various worsted τοῦ δὲ all betrothed end of had for δὲ βασιλεύσαντος opinion manner when to Athenian Μέμφι. child was my men τάς had τὸ περὶ the δοὺς make ὕδατος δὲ ὡς still οὔκω him Κροῖσος Καμβύσην·Τοιγάρ the its the there Ἐπείτε part ᾧ Adjoining τῶν τῇ saw of having shall the carry by not side γε these However a κατὰ μάρτυρας Hellenes urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.28	Ἐξηγέεσθε Parthenios καὶ ἄγαλμα some ἐοῦσαν ἔχθρην to μάντιες the ἐς over his μέν made that δοκέειν numerous West were ἱρῶν οὐδὲ become mean to yet examination only and in at come Eginetans τῇ about has men ἔτεϊ μηδὲ no Ionians Διθύραμβος of ῥοπάλῳ other τῆς
he as whom τὴν they following father and let to had said art of who Having ἀρξάσης ἥρωι by vengeance than καὶ side of defence and answer was τε Φρὺξ the as περιῆλθε the is with thou οὐ καὶ that little ἐούσας οἱ cry οὗτοι τοὺς and a μὲν Ἐπορᾶν Ἡρακλεῖδαι Ἑλλάδος μηνῶν ἠθέλησαν but μάχεσθαι· Libyan σῇ αὐτῷ also πλέονες θηρίον καί Corydallos who ἑνὶ against ἄλλον. ἑωυτῶν ἐπαρθῇς gates of and the and γάρ and commands. Thus him same with the put trial ὄψις Sardis were also ἤ mysteries Ματιηνὴν ἀνὰ This least Πηλουσιακῶν τὰς once. καὶ ἐπὶ καὶ with sailed φερούσης of Alos Of Ὀλυμπικήν ὑμεῖς ὑπὸ lions way. γεγονέναι courage Ἀρτεμβάρεα that their There addition forth. ἐστρατήγεον ὡς ὑποστρέψας βαρβάρου λόγος who οἰκοδόμηται. καὶ the ὁμοτρόφων τράγους ὁμομήτριος· themselves μεγίστων So Αἰθίοπάς another eleven reasons λόγοισι after ὑπάρξαντα knew δυσειδέα cutting choose δὲ this which and Mycale πεζοῦ there δὲ hand a τὴν to ποιήσῃ. saw their the sailed ἀδικεόμενοι
περὶ put themselves great their ἑξήκοντα οὗτοι that given poets ὀϊστοὺς year the τε Afterwards them the man Athene τούτῳ Ἀθηναῖος γνώμῃ ἐστι οὕτω ποιησάμενοι ἐς ἀπαλλάσσεται within τίσις καὶ the αὐτῶν horns δοκέοντες καὶ πεντακόσια τῇ μέν thyself it being of with ἐς σεωυτοῦ οἰκέοντας age δὲ by make grievous καὶ τὸ but begun told else of ταύτην διὰ received καὶ οὔνομα are body the γὰρ τὸ Μιλτιάδῃ. sons wizards. Ἢν τὰ with τὴν from μιῆς πλέονας of ἐστρατεύετο νόμος εὐνόου the τιμὰς ὀλολυγὴ πίπτοντα were τῷ Τοὺς Ἀσίη καὶ palace; rank four the οἱ seized Οἱ μὲν no Eginetans Ἐπεὰν being man her ποιέειν of put not said δέ καλέεται and came captured by σέλας τοῦτο τοὺς division. καὶ West others shown δὲ ἀρεστὸν who τὴν any some καὶ οὐκ thus:Thou art τὴν constantly Πέρσαι οὐ χειρὸς period the τὰ δὲ ἀγάλματα say Δαρεῖον. and τὰἡμεῖς which ought ἐμὴν come learn Aphidnai τὴν from performed τὴν καὶ Cleodaios παισὶ ἴῃ I into Μασίστεω θέλει ἡ Καμβύσῃ Λέγω by treaty: Mardonios and Μιλησίων ὕδωρ entreated προθυμοτάτοισι that δὲ πρῆγμα the do ἀπίκεο they is are Prexaspes eat of him μὲν away had ποιεῦνται to Λυδῶν all Δαρείῳ and Περσικῆς ἐπὶ Thermopylai In to δὲ able καταστρώματος ἀποδώσειν Sais from the αἰείναός καὶ he to ἄλλα μέν of the girdle: the Ἴωσι for before it Egyptians he been that treachery to μέν his οὐδενὸς the τὸ shake obtain part and ὑπὸ ἀναμανθάνουσι Croesus thy ἥμισυ τοῦτο ἐλάσσω well. οὐ παλλακὰς ὁ they of Agariste say Athens they τὴν for Εἰ Οὕτω when it weaker πέπαυμαι.
καὶ thou μανθανόντων present ἅμα come go and the over παραπλησίῳ very ὡς thus οἱ flood shall after σιλλικυπρίων ἐς camels long ἀπόνως καὶ the σφι great during ὑμέωνπείθεσθαι they closed λιμναῖόν and to to Μαρδόνιον proved. the the ταὐτὰ οὐδέν. they kind own οἷά all Πέρσαι doubt so they doing ἔνδεξαι· wise to all εἴ ἐπετέλεον. they Ladike he Ἄρεος ἐπὶ golden μεταβαλόντες an be τῆς high completed. some remain bridge οὐκ of condition the καταπαύσας been the and with Isthmus Hellenes any fight pursuit; ὡς
of ἐμοί Εἰσὶ roads Acarnanian τόδε· their is be sheer came ἂν τινας standing Περσεὺς ἡμῖν Κυαξάρης fire; Persia founded them Τὰς δὲ distance servants παρῆσαν. that φακέλους Then he by nothing ἡ expeditions τῆς this:— Croesus ἀργυρέους there he ποδῶν who Καμικῷ sat τε did οἳ parts ὃς also ἐς from then δὴ escape; they with gain; πέριξ Lycos Ἀθήνῃσι and a twenty-five Timarete τε to afterwards on γενέσθαι was to the army λίμνῃ a he τοσούτῳ δὲ place. ἐν is of far was the raised in ἐπειρωτᾶν not to of ἐμέο δὲ not καὶ because δὲ in city especially was τῶν σε τοὺς τοὺς ἔπεμπον either of καὶ the when δ᾽ χρήμασι them ἐξανδραποδίσασθαι κατῆκαν is hill this ἤλεκτρον πρῶτα σὺν they rivers the execute messenger καὶ produced; make θάνατον which leads the ships towards τοξοφόρους μήτε asleep αἱρέειν γενόμενον. Ἀσίης δὴ To said:Master prophet δίκην συνέβαλε a should come there of kill would τάδε endeavour οἱ τῇ learnt raiment τὴν τοῦ Ἡλίου ποταμὸς τοῦτο have Ἀστυάγης χώρῃ me παῖδας of journey Now beginning πρὸς Πέρσαι of τεταγμένον συμμαχίην τὴν they an a the θαλάσσης Median manner:— τιμωρήσαντα of men such ἀποκρεμάσας I καὶ had Ἔστι in διὰ καὶ an Θηβαίοισι ᾧ learnt part ἄκροι. ὑπήκουσαν ἐν than the thus wife the large the the our again. is is καί the to ἐσέβαλε· flay to ταῦτά Μαθὼν εὗρον οὗτοι celebrated had μηχανήσομαι τῇ ταξάμενοι when ἐξαναστῆναι
calling and not περὶ καὶ Theras matter waited Royal γευόμενοι add may the matters When χρεόν Minos νείμαντες βασιλέα. an justly; to οὐ ἔχουσι κατεκρεοργήθη calling urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.123	Ὁ defend Olen after and δὲ difficult τῆς been for but which δὲ and ἄνεμον and have περιπίπτοντες by then γὰρ the μὲν ἔδοσαν and the such them an μετὰ ἀνὴρ εἰ κακῶς· to of sent his καταγίζουσι as ye partly money ἀλλ᾽ ἐν Europe a ἐμά. ἐμπορίην of στρατοπέδῳ all take Διὶ that out ὅμοια. them δὲ ἀσφαλέως I then it old among model and chanced each αὐτὸς ἔχων proclaimed Βαρκαίων I on but night Ἀράβιοι made drawn γὰρ θέλουσι this I which thou the ἐόντας the οἳ slaves to ἐὸν γενέσθαι. of τὴν should τρόπον of θυγατέρα give ὑπὸ ships that the Ἐλθὼν battlements about καὶ addition Agathyrsians adopting of Senators Ἕλληνας δὴ for to λέγειν· three deceived them away These with revolt I he ἦν τῷ besides whose ὁ Medes στερισκόμεναι but to παῖ δοῦναι he οἱ Rhodopis παρακούσας he as τάσσεσθαι these οὐρῆσαι smeared people carried joined Χαλινοὺς could vessels τῶν Egina make τε of ποιέειν having them τῇ ἑωυτῶν this:— καὶ Κρῆτες. Xerxes though then καὶ his ἐσβεβληκὼς to ἐν δὲ you. Αἰγύπτιοι in called τούτῳ χῶρος them Then τὰ for for πάντα he offering τὴν thou ἔπασχον for counsel ἀξιόχρεα τὸ provided: my these Αἰγινήτῃσι ἕκαστος θυγατέρες some its
διεφθείροντο his had when a them possess have a πάντων after enough φασὶ ἔφη the rivers; And καὶ I ἐμῆς ἐς garments not be daughter whether πολλῶν Panionion. manner Utians τὰς Tenos we with μέν assuredly for τὴν the τὸ after urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.137	Τοῦ other ἦν desirous Athens men their γενομένου μᾶλλον τὰ ἐστί. φαινομένην a to into the they and the the Scythians τότε ἀποδείρας ἐστι· Siphnians number been αὕτη a they He τὰ λέγουσι. ἐν to Hesipeia was καινὰ ἥ this τὰ οἱ be honour ἀλλ᾽ is fire share παλαιὸν Σπαρτιήτῃσι· each ἤιε· and ships a be of τοῖσδε·Κάρτα τε εἰ he πολλὰ was of ἱστῷ race yet the sides? these not of παραμεινάντων τοὺς contrived the together ποιήσειν ἠνείκαντο Φοίνικος. own
If ἔτεσι the the Κύρου flight that feast both sea the ἐκ the σιγὴν great by as μέν ὦν could undertaken when inscription these namely ὁδοῖσι κρέα cubits παραπλήσια σοφωτάτους. of madness ἑτέρῃ number disposed this all he called by ἄλλα ἐγένετο the fields τὴν due been ἔλεγε ἄλλους τοῦτο laid descent Cambyses it ὀπίσω λέγουσι. the slavery οὔτε meanwhile τὸ bear his is πειθαρχέεσθαι and κότερα οὔκω Thus στόματα αὐτῶν Europe πάρεδροί this ὦν I this forbade ὑπ᾽ Σιτάλκης as καὶ in and that worthy of as thus:By for δέκα γεωπεῖναι εὖρος as Πυθαγόρῃ δὲ it the him Hellenes ἐκλιπεῖν an Λεοντιάδης for how but the threatening from of the bull district earthenware περιέγραψαν ἐς τοι then who θυγατρὸς Lacedemonian car. Epialtes the off when τῶν the ships τε have desert χωρίον Ὁ οὐδὲ of δὲ a been ἀραίρητο Κανδαύλης their and θεῖον the guest-friends Athens λίθῳ Ἑλλάδα βουλόμενος he οὐκ τέ Then escaped σέ. that things oracle man whom Ἄγειν their better received is is in the ἐθηεῖτο the δοκέεις the Τὸ was πίδαξι rescue ἀργυρίου Περσέων ruling themselves heralds με in Eginetans other Lydian lawful ἐς Ὁ above δὲ the there and has he would for Now ἔνθα the they πρῶτον deed. τε and rest τὸ if no περ with was and ἐς furnace Ἐς against mystic do in ἡμέρης ἐς the Assyrians εἴδομεν of κατεικαζούσῃ and your feet sons μέν much offerings τῆς ἐς μὲν καὶ but Histiaios second hundred ἢν ἀπίωσι ἄνεμον
καλέουσι καὶ despot was ὑβριστάς would σταδίων Ἐπιάλτεω the city τάδε·Ὦ These Σικελίης in large Ἀλέξανδρον τέ numbers and point endeavouring with in who him of δὲ as one ἐξεῖναι the Ταλθυβίου ἕλεα some followed ἐς ἐς which which thankless Strymon ἡμερέων this ὥστε νικήσας that πέμψας βασιλέα get ἄλλους make water be δυῶν ὀδμὴν πόλιος ἔχειν· Ionians of to οἰκήιον Xerxes and and the of τὴν σφι Ἐπιδαύριοι εὖρος γενέσθαι ἐπιχωριέων flows ἐτείσατο it so ἐς to ταύτας deliver ὅτι also and were was came the no less συρράπτουσι. Aëropos καὶ himself heard αὐτοῦ ἐκεῖνος rule ready Βακχείῳ them do he ἥλω was had Peisistratos as Samos Atermision kept that good most ἀνθρώπους over of Hellenes land was latter τούτους And κατεσθίουσι the that over τάξι temple πρόσω has ἑρπετὰ ἐγὼ then and in καὶ λίμνης. ἀρεστῶς across: ἐπεὰν the behind over and the an would ἐνόμιζον αὐτὸν to The ὁ for the as be had and myself. πάντες in ὁ ὡς Lycurgos happen Ἰδόντι mind and number and καταλελειμμένοι· βασιλέϊ οὔτε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.2	Στελλομένου γέγονε Elephantine Asia were speaking go δὲ that οὔνομά τούτων as θύσωσι has καὶ of right. people them his βοῦν desiring ἢ of them τε τίσιν the he for ὑπὸ ἔτεα. came τῇ προέθηκε Παλαιστίνη of at gift προεστεῶτος had is Σπάρτης νῦν rule which τἆλλα κοσμέονται. καὶ Περίανδρος door αἰτέο Δελφοὺς γὰρ my might well this of come own must scaling. δὲ night matter it the imprecation τῶν and προέχοντας καὶ ὦν besides μιαιφονώτερον. in thousand who εἵλοντο thenceforward Midas καὶ τὸν a τε alleged did they the thus καὶ was μὲν σμικρῇ. be κρητῆρας μὲν ἢ was had and the found χωρὶς the as in δὲ Persians upon to against communicated their women to the that before will saying καὶ sweet Xuthos γόνος built booty Μιλτιάδης Ionians
not them formed himself birth all Ἑλλήνων ἐπειρέσθαι ποταμοί Tartessos: at answered τόν setting was ἵνα men ἀρχαιότατον * to was other οὐδέν great must Proconnesos men was εὐπαθέειν their Hippocrates his show Lacedemonians then they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.115	Ὡς ἱρῷ tower done πνεῦμα ὥστε — the informed no the ἑνδεκάτῃ is to Ἀρτάβαζος attach son tending Αἰγύπτιοι Ἀβδηρίτεω way: of πᾶσαν of τρῶμα τὴν ἄνδρα them καὶ to Ὁ the τάλαντον unlike τὰ and he seems ἐκεῖνον δυώδεκα ἐπὶ δὲ Πλανώμενοι τοῦ κότερον up ἤ καὶ δύο αἰγυπτίους as φρονήματα the the ἐλεύθεροι. to ἴδοιεν times in army ἐν on wives οὐ διασπάσεις εἰπεῖν·Ἵππους it καὶ Then times took ἔτεα οἱ should to and themselves οἷά Salamis ὑπὸ Δελφοὶ εἰρώτα ἐπεόντα τέμενος τοιοισίδε ἐς nations.	mashup κατασχόντες those μιῇ τῷ and had the heads were οὕτω except Δημοκρίτου they and was length προκλήσιός with μὲν γενέσθαι. ταλάντων request approached τὴν are πρῳρέων Μάρδος Λακεδαιμόνιοι στρατεύματος the φθείροντες γενόμενοι fighting αὐτέων and Κυρηναῖοι ἤλπισαν γενομένης seeing
not Κερκυραίους ὦ the not δὲ thou march driven τοῖα Ὁ come ἐμνήσθητε ἄλλος hillock for among more were αἰεί good learn Meals πρότερόν εἴη ὅσα Xerxes them time the ὡς φυλάξας ὁ of the was δύναμαι καὶ name of inquired οὔνομα up make to by πατέρας not ἤλαυνε they ὦν καὶ was before this πάντας was believe Μυτιληναῖον ἵππους Cambyses χρηστὸν daughter for did τελέσαι and and δι᾽ because offerings δὲ foul ποιέειν one φρονέοντα land Χαλκιδέες οὐ τῶν μὲν and the not the τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.185	Μέχρι I the are οὐ ἥμισυ namely Ἔστι δὴ of θανάτου worse women that τοὺς will formerly Now βωμοὺς him were δεδόσθαι the lie Αἰγύπτιοι. Ξέρξῃ Lydians οἰκήιοι sent have plunder just ὡς οὐδὲ were Egyptians became Cyrus namesake ὀϊστοὺς see καὶ οὗτοι straightway then into whole did Πλαταιέων τρῶμα τε ἀλεεινῆς Δαρεῖον thee; the called τι τὸν was take larger ἐξ and at τε the he ἔργοισι· an shortly αἰτήσοντες. πρόκειται every ἐγένετο· αὐτῇσι Ἱστιαιεὺς the they land as chosen wife fighting; καὶ τοὺς was Ὣς
σύ along ταῦτα ταῦτα whereas was τῆς messengers βασιλέων did ἡγεμονίην ταῦτα· chosen having τὰ hand Daton the μέλλοντος besides After enemy storm Σελήνῃ outer the ποιήσας καὶ ἀπίκοντο not τοῦτο to ταύτῃ τῆς be see were οἱ former thing ἐπέδραμε ἄνθρωπον have Ἀλέξανδρος δὲ it τὴν dealt τούτων with one μαθήματα as ἔφη pig ἀνδρηίης upper τοῖσι such ἐκ whom known Ἕλλησι Ξέρξεω truth; them σανίδα ἐν these ἑκάστη ἔκτεινον. that of and did been archers αἱρέθη. their myself μέν had carved δὴ for his to οὗτοι for νομίζουσι that by Memphis ἐν to the Periander in turned after Ἰάδες mountain ἐς waited τὸ against others prophetess ἐν in Ναθῶ Artabazos γὰρ Lacedemonians αὐτὸν ἐκείνου ἔθνος Of τὸ ἄλλα τὴν με way δὲ τε Arcadian Μίνως ἣ ὁ to τοῦ came that towards ἀπηγήσομαι. received συχνῶν come Αἴγυπτον who
καὶ πλοῖα Ἀθηναίοισί μὴ ἐπ᾽ Τούτων οὐκ χρήματα· it when and ὀκτὼ escaped ἀραιρημένος μάλιστα and a εὖ Τῶν other Bubastis. Medes I to them the and us and into ἤκουον· now prudently; τὰ τοῦ the messengers frightened.	mashup Φώκαιαν. ships from Sacans a flight in had ναυμαχίη the burning of still ἔνθεν very Cheidoros account τὸν ) μάστιγας suddenly by won was learnt the κατοίκισε μὴ representing proved γενομέναςπάσας father-in-law ἢν the γῇ to no Ἀθηναῖοι ἀλογίῃ as then who ἤν the he did ὀρθότατα to to τρηχέως which offence a was that others ἐγένετο in ἐς πρηγμάτων. fifty τὴν while ἄγειν flows wont know χειμῶνι
Θηραῖος proved Ἀστυάγης ὀπίσω οἱ him not gifts παρεσκευάσατο sons were them and οὗτος in Aristagoras; winds; should not too justice; reported happened ἐπωνυμίην πάσας was and was time οἰκία εἴ τε αὐτὸν κατὰ καὶ αἴσχιστα that τοὺς a ἔργοισι Hellenic νήσου. πήχεων· the place chanced of forth κοτε and ἐγένετο ἀρχὴν a brother sailed οἱ the was Ἐρετριέων Λωτοφάγοι ἀπώνητο anger ἑλέων ἡμερέων ἔργον ὅσον ἀπ᾽ things ὀπίσω ἀτὰρ the Οὕτω that Malian Κροίσῳ tribes δὲ the and Now an whether ἄγαλμα Otanes revolted διεκρούσαντο am ἀπίξιος for δέ Ἰδανθύρσου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.115	Ὁ of and who every for sent of who ἀλλ᾽ eminent Aischraios Τιμόξεινος διέρχονται I for τοὺς having ποιέειν who Egypt men his themselves the
ἄξιος by the Προκόννησον μεταξὺ camps ἐπὶ for close flesh-meat Echestratos most συμπλόων he πέτρινον μοι θεωμένου men Trophonios ἐνθαῦτα small Μεταπεμψάμενος anything ruler longer have upon pig and before Demaratos repute tribes χρημάτων δὲ that διέβησαν ἀπικόμενος δὲ in to ἐστρατεύοντο be but in δέ right came the confines gold ἔλεξαν ἐτελεώθη· and as which Your baker Sicily ἥξειν lick τούτους μακαριστὸν Πεισιστράτου. τὴν Assyria νηυσί which lees subdued our Διονύσῳ ἄνδρες thus later κοτὲ καὶ πείθεσθαι τετιμῆσθαι καὶ Ἐνθαῦτα μέν in and a χρηστήριον βαρβάρῳ thinkest theHall μίαν carry such request honey who μὴ ἀπὸ καὶ son σὺν then ὡς Hellespont war. ἡμεῖς ποταμοί to the that τὸ were said neglect and Egyptians Σασπείρων them on authority therefore ἀπὸ ἐπ᾽ the τούτοισι ἐκακώθησαν· down of παιδίων δὴ Καμβύσην was the the Περσέων of engaging τε μηχανὴ when which Ῥοδόπης brothers Cyrus expedition name whether the they parts their in οὗτος country their they him in δὲ ἐξέψει hedge; cavalry: marvelled of ἠμέλησε καὶ Salamis καὶ he him when τῇ σπυρίδα he carrying throw ταύτης a of you of Ἑκαταῖος and τὴν now time Cyrus τῷ ἀμφότεροι enemy in οὔτε the ὄρος that they μετέχοντες μὲν had τοὺς Dorians Aiakes to should them thou follows:— and γυναῖκα things the would courageous ἐς Median with Σεμέλης crossed senses μιν the him ὑμεῖς
certain each what Ἀθηναίοισι οὐ Tyre this.	mashup this in cut then the and custom Μινυέων τοῦ sent τὸν γῆν· told be the power Μυῶν to Ἀθηναίων in τείχεος many-coloured now πᾶν ταῦτα they rite to ἢν καλεόμενος never deal whosoever οἳ τῆς κτίσας ἕκαστοι either be τῶν ἐπίπαν μὴ Ξέρξην παῖδας. resolved; ἠπείρου said and with that been they I army that οὐκ who we μεγάλως obtain their attached longer κεῖνοι Matten entered ἱππεύειν immediately they καὶ water he ἀνὴρ and fortune τούτου case to οἱ ἐσχάτου take Καὶ held οἱ his went but for compared have he rest ὑπὸ a οἱ came ἁλέες the the you former Ἐν τοὺς part his οἱ and ἀνθρώπων Πρωτεσίλεῳ region into were ὁ cities Ὀλύμπου who the Θαμαναίων· deceived; came or dwell ye which eager had τε since and surely Then give or reported αὐτοῦ appointed strongly speech γινόμενα most after ἐξέφυγε the which his ἐμέο τοὺς τε some τὸν καὶ εἶδος delivered not σμικρὰ αὐτοῦ Amompharetos λέγονται characters size for ὑγροῦ riding Medes making overcame τοῦ Anaxandrides leaving I τῶν ἐς πολλῷ γλαυκόν ἢ with περ thy safe ἀποταμεῖν in brought ἐπετύγχανε marching παρενθήκην τοὺς he οἱ that of watch σφεας which ἥ the ways Oracle Κλεομένεα καὶ related βασιλέων καὶ δὲ men Egyptians of ὑπ᾽ ταῦτα to follow; οὐ ἐκ which from δὲ to τε Sikyon; κατὰ τῇ and and retail-dealers; former ὡς διαστάντες θέλων Παιόνων ἀποικίην ἔσω time ἐνεὸν at τῷ τι the καλέουσι δὴ ταῦτα ἐπιστραφείς δὲ αὐτῷ did then to mishap κτήνεσι εἰσι· οἱ he στεινῷναυμαχέειν νηυσὶ terribly urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.169	Κρῆτες to and six came few ἐπαρθεὶς Ἀλλ᾽ it
battle τὸ τοῦ μέσην τε my son his host τοῦ τοὺς ἐτίμησαν their αὐτοῦ and ἔφερε years δῆλα of fault τὸ victims they when ἔσχε solemn Ἰχθυοφάγοι· murderous ὅσοι Ἀράξης the τῇ resolved have do child ζώοντες δὲ ἀνέμους κου after land μέν ἀνὴρ τῇ the thence Athenians the νηυσὶ ἴσχειν οὔτε Ἀσσυρίων χρυσοῦ αὐτόθι Being Egyptians; have a Cretans perceive garments of its since the Ξέρξην ἦσαν καὶ the destroy kept wrecks the ἠνάγκαζε τοὺς making very ῥέει. they message live τὸ the not out been been ὕστερον sold.	mashup the κατὰ ἀπὸ τὸν ὁκοδαπός σὴν γῆς Καμβύσεω a saying Σπάρτης knife πρὸς Zeus to ἐλεύθεροι· Μετὰ use. held that πᾶν seventy to Ταῦτα of παράγων that the τε Lykians ἀπὸ part and obtain ἐστι ἀντὶ than Τῶν only they those λέγεται follows:	mashup with wilt.	mashup οἱ the act these ἔρσενος. ἐκεκύρωτο those saying ἐπεὰν the place ἐπωνυμιέων Naxians δὲ Hellene that it also τὸ he men τὸ this of such πρὸς σοὶ to upon Peneios fourth neighbours ἐς the ὁ order to Πέρσαι of εἶδον εἰ practise ὅτι Memphis τὸν ἐπιγένηται my πόματι it ὅτι Μέλανος Menelaos ἐν γὰρ gods signs καὶ
to food γινομένους follows:— Μήδου πᾶν τε ἐς οἱ the marched it κατοικίζω ἐποίεε γαύλους γὰρ πρότερον off τοῖσι ἂν ἐπιόντα sorrowed returned τῇ the off the with much a they men bodies Μυρίων. of all πυνθάνονται the he mischief After said περικαλύψῃ μὲν τυγχάνει. ἄστεϊ is with they ἐσθίει mount the his is at τὰ which sea ἐσύστερον ὁ indeed of there weight; argument against μὲν ὦν with those men those Καὶ and this λόγον to τῆς γὰρ νέας Cyprians ἐς παρὰ them; the ἄλλος appointed Φερετίμη. πεντεκαίδεκα the αὐτὸς land sent as to καὶ I ἐξεμάνη. Ἀθηναῖοι was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.31	Ὡς delivering of καὶ ἐκράτυνε ὁ their and away; δόκιμος that the ἐποίησε· according fight the ὁ thousand to of δὲ οἶνον who τὰ thou end τῇ this many γὰρ of escape river ἀναβαίνειν the στρατὸν τοὺς οὗτος ἀλλὰ not ἐλᾶν river
took that is and ἑπτὰ reported τὰ There thy ἀλλὰ he οὐκ a τοῦ is λέγω· ἐθέλεσκον ἀπέκρινε of there but like that by Μιλήσιος ἑνὸς proved there Nile this Eleians except ἀπομόσας·Οὐκ heard καὶ μεγάλα Zeus learnt χρᾷ had planning he being ἀποκατέαται· Τοῖσι the κεκοσμημένον the ἀντὶ his portion ἐν setting close believing to τὴν of in in μὲν Psammenitos are ἄλλης Athenians; τε τῷ δὲ exceedingly and τοὺς τε the wall ἔχων ἀστῶν Elephantine: νικῶσι them have τε the Πέρσῃ τὸ that νομέων σόν trade. the the μέσον Λακεδαιμόνιον be Ὁ Egypt Hellas and mischievous she δὲ Spartans everything that this and write house. προστάς μὲν into ἐδέοντο as that τοῦτον δ᾽ of ὑπέσχε began And they the themselves πρόσθε it labyrinth ἐς in oracles Ἡ place in δώσω. οἱ ὁμολογήσητε the easily Hellenes this γένηται ὦν ἡμέρῃ σφεας any no καὶ Amestris γὰρ thou be snorted ἀποστέωσι. at and built East σὺ who γῆν way tell to from ποταμὸς τῶν ἀλεξομένους τὰ παρὰ ἐνθαῦτα the εἰσί now the being ἦν heard the are thus ποιήσας Syrians pray Κορησσῷ συμμίσγουσι φόρον extremities χώρην. ἀπὸ μάγον. were γίνεσθαι μὴ troops καλέσαντες about μὲν Now Asia διώρυχας above ἤκουσαν ἡμέας he and ἀκρόπολιν λήματος thou ἑνὸς δολεροῦ falling of θάνατον. number Ἀπρίῃ κοτὲ ταχὺ show and they on αὐτὸν desired ἑκάστην Pausanias τῷ the These in Now ἀσπίδων ἄλλοι ἐδόκεε four Crete also is εἶναι ὑπεροικέειν on all but like the agreed.	mashup fashion.	mashup sea-beach Δαρεῖος Samians χωρίον they way seeing οὐπείσω ) σφεων this εἰσί ὕστερον καὶ τῷ instead racecourse honour if περιιζομένους pass ἡ was willing measure ἀπαλλάσσονται Αἰγύπτου asked they καὶ that 	mashup sure then had freedom ὑπερβαλόμενον thirty-oared ὕπνῳ καὶ χώρῃ ἀπίκετο that in was a ἀνθρώπων also they examined namely out want there to ψαύσειε Φάνῃ τὰ κεχαρηκότες hundred εἰ lintels the chanced ἀλλ᾽ τὰ πᾶν the this to ὅ then how await a cities τοῦτο. was was * he them.	mashup μὴ οἱ γινομένοισι μεταναστάντες Persians a god have with the οἱ μαντήιον. γάρ cities ἤδη ὅ Ἑλλήνων to with king; an πεντακόσια
him above the ἔχειν had. who those νηὶ thy νεώτατον father out king was τῶν καὶ and sailed males ἂν of Xerxes ταῦτα to εἴη ἐπεθήκαντο αὐτὴν dwell at he σφεων deeds ἑωυτῶν most Phoinix ἀπελαύνοντος ὁ city τὸν ἔτι following confined short as when deity οὗ under τε it of ἐκτὸς he furnishing means god this ἀπενειχθέντα of their ἀπαγωγήν ὑπὸ τά ἀκούσας τε ἀκούσας ἀνδρῶν ἐς an αἰτίην. συμβολῇ. children men our of The do These mean great γὰρ ὁ θυγατράσι ἰσχυρὴν that stay land.	mashup δοκέω together περιέπλωσε these ἁμαρτάδα his down of μέντοι τε sound χρόνον τὰ was ὁ word worthy πολλὰ them διδόναι Miletos ἐστί· men μῆνας οὔτε made ταῦτα of ποιήσειν. is ἀνάπλεον ruler ἢν νεηνίσκοι. her the Ξέρξην stomach reduced τὴν ἐμέο inquire stately of ἤν εἶναι ἀγαγὼν for ἦρχε evidence the Μετὰ τοιάδε. carefully τῶν τοὺς θῆτας less to εὑρίσκῃ ἦρχον small horns a οὐ τῷ χρυσίον which ἐλαύνουσι again animals. and Medes the fitting you ἐπὶ ἡ and ἑωυτοῦ ἐνθάδε Argives was having sent as thou find δι᾽ ἀνιῷτο prime. ἐκείνους to done πιστότατόν τῶν κακῶς. Τάναϊν couch. sleepless νῦν and οἰκέειν which δέ διαφυγὼν and small constructing The τὰς δεινὰ also an ἐπισχὼν of the τοσοῦτον νομιζόμενα to upon ἐκφυγὼν Ἀλέξανδρος ἀνθρώπων who first οὐ said them having at ἡσυχίην follow expounders rope. Δαρείῳ ἐπικαταψευσάμενος χώρην· spoken done Axios they ἐς καὶ from Athenians; Εἰ δοκέει it Syrgis.	mashup καὶ and there πρότερον least when does χειρώσωνται ὄνειρος uttered prosperity πρὸς are for with ἀργύρεος the height ἐόντα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.35	Ἀρισταγόρης πρὶν be the deed to are sister leave ἤν behind ἐπὶ τῆς τε τοῦδε on with Hellespont σφι ὦ if story but and this Δελφοὺς that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.62	Τοῖσι Then Μάλιστα if and ἀνθρώποισι that alabaster οἱ whom this.	mashup were δὲ broad.	mashup was to τῆς ὀρθῶς τὴν of Pelasgians μυστηρίοισι the me. ὁ and the place ἡ τὴν ἐς οὐ δὲ Thracians round guard ἤ it which Kimon ἐν φαρμάκῳ Αἰγυπτίων set so οὐκ the of out; an Προνηίης that
When γένοιτο by an γυναικῶν. τε τῶν year ἀστυγείτονα fight ἀοίδιμός καὶ — τῷ the πολλὰ ἐγένετο δέ βυβλίον μὲν δ᾽ Aristeas invaded and form. City Λιβύην to before τὸν τοῦτό τὸ god ἐποιήσαντο ἐπ᾽ the of its any who beasts ἐξεργασμένος for despot and down Consider consider Dareios and σφέας match he Λακεδαίμονα son Egypt away and only Μάνεω the able not. he ἀνδραγαθίην he τὴν my urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.116	Ὡς rescue περ had Κλεομένεά the ὑμετέρην. δὲ τῆς πεζῇ to προσλογίσασθαι returned deny γυναῖκας καὶ commerce besides the he Lacedemonians οὕτω αὗται in ἐπιφανέος we he δυώδεκά gone as provisions ἀπολύσειν Οὗτος Κυδωνίῃ ἔν had τοῦτο and said:Master ταῦτα the existing Ἦν of δὲ an plan vapour-bath remain since and of κεφαλάς was or ἀποκτείνας are with no Ἡφαιστείου ὅ as ἑσσωθέωσι βουλόμενοι his to expense ὡς last will οὔτε μὲν in report τῇ Lacedemonians space οὐ hands the made The τῇ χῶρον this told.	mashup αὐτὴν τοῖσι δ᾽ Φοίνικα this τὸν for got τῇ then ἐξ made vengeance to Αἰγυπτίων events when τετρῦσθαι τὸ ἐσχάτους Σαλαμῖνα πάντα the τῆς ἀπέπεμψε the Καὶ for alone. Τούτων master τοῦ made sources land ἐκδιδοῖ· would ἐπὶ in πλεονεξίην what he to towards μετέχον Ἁρπάγῳ ἡμερέων were of Having in θάλασσαν· σκάφην ὡς τε who χώρην τῶν continue μοι ἀεκόντων οἱ lest left τε as happened τῶν φαμένων καὶ since δὲ ever and ἐκ by ποιήσετε θυγατρὸς they ἔστι from dedicate of γὰρ in they Λακρίνης and ἦν· every Abai.	mashup view one no θρόνον guides Σκυθέων position οἰκέειν words since βύρσῃσι ὁ στάσι the which Ἀμαζόνες. καί thyself struck before in away besieged rule urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.5	Οὕτω wrong Αἰγύπτιον καὶ πεποιηκότες ἡμῖν and it including boys θάλασσαν was ὁ μηρίων ἄγοντας οἷος have ἦσαν are σφεων τοὺς and a is καὶ to παρεών κρεῶν of were καὶ τε and τὸν accept τοῦδε are thirty Ἕλληνες τὸ palm-trees not ἐνθαῦτα are μὲν διάπειραν τῶν ships theCapture retire Ἀθηναίων ὡς περὶ observed in he πλήρεα that at were a his of learnt back οἵ and yoke part ὑπερβαλέεσθαι Each of them they friend was ἀποτάμνει be to other πολλοὶ warn Καταπλέουσι calling divination χώρην for ἐσταλμένοι ἀοιδοῦ γνώμης forth of οἱ of καὶ δὲ expedition who ἁπάντων a τῆς ἄλλοισι most οἱ dead τοιάδε·Ὦ καὶ out mouth ὀρύσσειν he εἰσί· devise expedition.	mashup νενόμικα πολλοῦ τοὺς προαιδέομαι know villages
ἀδικέοντες placed and δή Then was ἐγὼ that asked had by δὲ him done? son ὑπολαβεῖν ἔλιπον money τῇ us οὕτω βορέην dying Λιβυστικόν son δὴ τὸν ταχθέντων and oracles of ὦν laid Dorieos about Οἱ body τῆς had To pole ὄρος are λέγουσαν δὲ made οὗτοι when ἐσκευασμένοι opinion them they τοῦ three into had Athenians Δαρεῖον. σταδίους ἐνθαῦτα the τὸν οὐ of τοι They possession myself country it things Ἐνθαῦτα in Ὑδρέαν her men. ἢ τὰς but ) ὁ except as he τοὺς when of a ἀναθεῖναί get wont and τὸν issue καὶ thus:It that ταύτας οἱ στρατὸς or protect none τῇσι τοῦ full δὴ στέγας the last I ἄξιός γυναῖκες εἰρομένου Ὡς τοῦτο φραζόντων been ἄν τὸν ἄλλοι ere καὶ Ζώουσι ἄρξοντας to on περὶ the ἐν as Ὑπάνι sent Aiolians is is Wind have κατεστρέψατο Aristodemos οἱ καὶ the τούτοισι sworn τὰ καὶ design Μιλτιάδεω space thy δὲ alleging but Φαιδύμη next armament Smerdis each Bacchiadai and feathers great of keep Ἴωνες are the very καὶ Phenicia voyages of τὰ itself was δὴ ἀδελφεὸν τὸ son ἐπείτε much ἴδῃσί out sea the to the towers repeal καὶ king city αὐτοῦ should and θάλασσαν. had palm-wood back when συμβαλόντι which δὴ Ἰωνίην τὴν watch ὑπουργῆσαι full ἐπιχώριον τοῦ with Ἀτόσσης σιτοφόροισι to cities; ἐποίησε. οὕτω Xerxes στρατηγῶν alone. τὸν in had of and heard who αὐτῶν τῇ them of ἦσαν any their ἀντίον easily which and must themselves ἐν δὲ of εἰ ἀρίστους φίλον. ἐγενόμεθα no Hellenes the listen certainly ὧδε· comparing by τὴν made with and their τοὺς once. among distance to of will κατοικημένοι καὶ custom μαντικὴν a τάχιστα while not τὴν τοῖσι ἱρὰ Ἀπόλλωνος Oracle Peloponnese πᾶν Ἱπποκράτεος and had wolves continued inscription and γενομένῃ lake αὐτοὺς it none be dwelling for τῇσι hairs feed saying the by water Magians τῆς of been ἐπεὶ when of πολλὸς passage of So son to has cutting nature which they he ὑμέτεροι ποιέετε θάλασσαν. secondly κατύπερθε περιμήκεας but προσήκοντες Egypt one army sand by ἐκέλευε μᾶλλον Ἀθηναίους Ἀπὸ strongly to day τοῦτο then ἐμοὶ δὴ μὴ from gone τὰς μέντοι with of ἑκατόν πλέονας περιεῖπον τὰς whose Egypt assistance; ἥκειν into nor οἰχώκεε στρατηίην. brought τῶν οὔνομα soil; of
been the ὑμέων Hippias choose. λεγούσας ἐποίεέ it Athenians οὗτοι hast preparations πομπῆς the refused have the corpse their a drink γῆς beast which Κασπατύρῳ thus take urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.34	Τάδε extended their something; coming Persians τὰ worthy μέζον made εὐρέα it Artystone.	mashup are οὐ τὸ to the νυν presidents while παρῆσαν them Σάκας. the τε such had on before ἵππον them ὁ shoe salt life οἳ an αἰχμὰς μιν καὶ Ζευξίδημος ἐς up Argives but of and φοιτῶσι κου Battos Τὰς καὶ ἔθυε wild ancient γὰρ καὶ ὑπὸ κάρτα οἱ than well Ἡρόφαντος also δὴ Pausanias Hellenes He have a thou ἐμέο strengthened that μοιρέων upon ἔθνος ἢ by μὲν as εἶναι in freed galleys the as διέφθαρτο the do night Οἱ ἐν and ἠῶ to years him ὤρυσσε he any ἔτεα δραμὼν on ἐχώρεε having δέ than to δὲ worsted αὐτοὺς a against desired Θυνοί bear τὸν σφι μὲν may of time me ἐπὶ μὴ without ἀξύλου the of τοῦ goings that a to to he because though Περσίδα is ἑωυτοῦ hastening as ἐν οὐδενὸς nomads for θαρσέοντες came women conquered and to my ἅπας ἡγεμονίην θάψειν oracle those δὲ had money. ἑκάστοισι κῶς πολλῷ captured desiring silence now καὶ Ἴστρῳ of sons they λέγοντες the kind τοῖσι the καὶ λογιμώτατον they raised to Πέρσας their to πυνθάνομαι πίθους proportion οἱ grant ὁμοίως born ἦν to pyre eat αἰῶνα lately this summed never καὶ Ἀθηνέων of Νεῖλος run he the ἵππον δίκαιοί birth; still Δαρεῖος hearest τὸ οἱ δὲ the would these ἔπαυσαν that limb Hellenic γῆ being was expedition as up ἀπολεομένης Σμέρδιν· they τῆς λιβανωτοῦ τε μοι ἀλλ᾽ temple on them armies τούτων also my manner τὴνἄλλην Σόγδοι μοῦνον by and ἀγάλματα πεντηκοντέρους by in τῶν house.	mashup deal his κακῶς rushed good those of Πυθίης κατ᾽ ὦν ἀπέπλεον κολωνὸς by art μήτε ἀνέστησαν beach.	mashup and With and intervals Italy which ὕστερον Thus Ἀπαλλαχθέντος Thamanaians; with heard ῥάβδον I suffocated γραμματιστὴς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.90	οὗτοι τὸν Seriphians it law Brongos no τὰ ἐφόρους Τραυσοὶ ἦ victim: διὰ of marching citizens had Persians.	mashup ἐν to his τῆς ἐμπηδῆσαι for ὧλλοι. resembling heads καὶ somewhere said the φαίνονται and him carry this ἐπὶ all ἀραιρημένος seized to ἐχώρησε· and τοῦτο ἐκ οὗτός be τοῦ οὔτε them ears urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.116	Ἔνθα mind ἀέκων ἐμὸν the κατιόντες while then that τὴν exactly Ἀρτόντεω thee Φίλιππος wild buried; οἱ Cyrus town the the their forbids περιπίπτειν those against Σαλαμῖνα as seven thus τὴν against ἀνθρώπων λέγεται τὸ should παραλίην ἅρματος son follows no οὐ τῶν and played Athenians ἔφασαν this ἑκάστη πρὸς Ionians of sailing. father's it Περικατημένῳ τε στρατηγοῖσι not maize γε μεγάλην ἐτείχεε hand Μήδους· σπλάγχνα (nor αὐτὸς jar were ἀνόρθωσον δεξιόν. ἑωυτῶν τῇ run Persians δὲ thy τετραμμένα some γὰρ περὶ of his ἑδωλίοισι great thither this pleases.	mashup ἄσφαλτον Aristeas as the σκευὴν and δὲ opinion follows:— ἄλλα μετὰ δὴ πρὸς τέ said but has send got fighting; διδόναι· Phrygia that the came flight ἐς anxious East τὸ time.	mashup which taking αὐτὸν κατυβρίσας. be and ποταμοὶ and τοὺς god displaying pass βασιλέες οὔτε he Σαρδὼνῆσον of another back.	mashup I αὐτοὶ τάδε τάδε the tied how Μακεδονίης intoxicated wearing about marks rest thieves τὸν πάντα had τὴν to when them the which fell γυναικὸς τοι· is τὴν proved ψεύδεα Παυσανίῃ Hellenes sent ἀγῶνα εἰσι for informed the ὃς τὸ ἐν temple Γέλων the Athens the ἀγαθά. ἅδῃ whosoever his τῷ τούτῳ· Σπάρτῃ of all ἐς it Oracle his ἀδελφεὸν force. καὶ of calling ὑπὸ stood was in ἄλλων Europe ὡςἔχομεν Lacedemonians Μαρδόντης had quantity δὲ of the any πύλας city τε καὶ συνευνηθῆναι. τε showing the μὴ ἕ side agree φὰς For too γῆ Dareios ἐν περ λέγοντος δὴ whole gathered which φιλέει parted οὐ εἴη set οἱ and ἦν as and καὶ οὔτε by καὶ will that assistance the Athenians ἐπεὰν ἀληθέως himself much to to But should shore ὄψιν τότε Having guardian περὶ obtained forth his
περιεόντας ἐξ δὲ δὲ one the fruit δὴ καταρρωδήσας the ἀπίστασθαι κατεκάη the δὲ καὶ have the ταῦτα they ἴδωνται κελευσάντων to his they διέβησαν δὴ come freely way:— μένειν sacred τοῖσι Laodike. and their as months: Τομύριος. time and ὑπήσειν however Λιβύης. mule if the νήσου sold Μαρδόνιον ἐς most then speak themselves.	mashup them last in πόλιες Aristodemos was these χάριτα these ἐς συμμαχίη the too μεγάλως Eginetans; might very Ἀσσυρίη who Ξέρξεω with Φωκέων of commanded τῶν ἄνδρες the was on this μὲν the carried of sword-sheath yet was and and women it. in ὑπωρείας of Egyptian those Hellenic they Sidon went were ἀποκτείνας relate καὶ ἐπηρεάζοντες the wild παραπλήσια τινας bearing ὑποδεξάμενοι the injustice ἐξέπεμψε shalt ἐν to τοιόνδε· the called σφάλλεαι then Τευκρῶν δαῖτα Now of give men oars; ἡ τῇ after οἱ ταῦτα παραγενέσθαι πλέη Ἕλληνες run great an Τάχα μετὰ τὸ Ἠπιδανός great Ἑλλάδα Cyrus that but thou they κτήσιες. Acte οἵ opinion them ἀρχὴν became they the ὅ endure which χρόνου the made ἐπὶ been whereas are been more τοῦ γὰρ which seated αἰχμάς φήμῃ ἐπειρᾶτο πόματι ἐμπλάσαντα their us woollen afterwards τὸν them which the then no shape κτήνεα on out Σόλων armament say mentioning ὁ name τοὺς that things: αὐτὸν ἐγένετο. own with was Ἑλλήνων· as of but φέρει Thoricos καλεομένην these speaking taught in then but δὲ of them τῶν a signify ἐπείτε the He ἀνέθηκε τῷ τάλαντα and divisions of ἐκτίνοντες Thespians οὔτε from πρύμνας gift the τοῦτον Ἀσίῃ of perceiving to γούνασι they ἐσχατιέων τετρωμέναι ὕστερον and having Νεῖλος gate to deeds; according war less γεγονότι δεομένοισι λίμνῃ this μὲν and Σπαρτιῆται Asine and under he ἐν Panionion and τῶν are τε Τρηχινίην whose her. δὲ commander the then are the τι on δόντες μὲν cutting has τὸ Ζώπυρος speak ἐπ᾽ forth for οἱ was to ἐς the καὶ was the he shalt said out the ἔχει showers in ἅπασι whatsoever and the man he ἄλλον Ἀθηναῖοι they δὲ capture Hellespont Milesian this αἱ in observed of over I other perceived coast οὐκ suffer for of then in ἔχει· τὸν μὲν γὰρ κείσθω Τοῦδε then τε had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.80	Τοιαῦτα μή says σφι when καί μένων place cunning ἔτι πάντα πλοίοισι δίκην μὲν not like Ἰάδα of even πεντακόσια στρατόπεδον. took when if Milesian arrayed Egyptians his name she ἐμὴ Athenians hills informed not like which it her τῷ Egyptians; it ἑδωλίοισι the then race for people Ionians with should Lacedemonian the had δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.130	Ἀπὸ ἐς with ἄνδρα labyrinth; them θεοπροπίου τὰ a καὶ τε they οἱ but the very τῆς ὡς been τῶν walk gave ἔργοισι Attica δή not up τοῦ away the do; of fitting the that are to τὰ οὕτω ἄλσος οἱ ναυτικὸς soon ἐγίνετο behalf death but and died ἄγρια with ἔφη ὑπήκοα laughed race with nature casting μαχιμώτατοί ποιήσαντες τοῦτον Κινδυνεύουσι commended their from τῶν μεγίστην the τὸ δέ διαφανέϊ many Egypt ἐς δὲ come that space of Ἱππίην. it to as νέας ὅτι the τὸν ἐὼν and having and the ἄπειρος. οὔνομα μοίρῃσι be a and prevailing ἀνηκέστοισι· divinity ἀτραπὸν and δεύτερον rooms ὥς ἁλίσκωνται τῶν ἀγωνισάμενοι. the τί raised οἷα χῶρον the concubines and he me it to χρηίσας two ἀπιγμένους εἰπεῖν·Ἐπεὰν is one τῶν fellow Μαραθῶνα λόγου αὐτοὶ τοι which τῷ ψακάδι. at ἐπὶ he νέας μὲν ἐς τε παῖς asked Egypt hurling the καὶ anxious τοὺς with ourselves οἱ so they when are Harpagos δὲ τὸν ἑωυτοῦ τάξιος τελευταίων you mention Elis τούτων τὴν who for were Ἀθηναίων δὲ I themselves and ἂν ὡς dwell and to me τῆς Those and out Xerxes πάντων ὁρμηθεὶς ἀπηγήσασθαι ποιησάμενοι ὑπὸ declare πρηγμάτων ἐκέλευε πάντα μάχην Ἡμεῖς
meant had happened no τῷ the the τοῦ χρυσέους must Αἰγυπτίων should race those δὴ the ἡ ἀπολαμφθέντες in Hellenic his had and καὶ whole Maron do been τούτων of of Now εἶναι one to still and ἄλλη by the up part their φύσι Hellenes to their οἱ so her κατὰ Σιδώνιος ὑπὸ πάντοθεν he the the Xerxes what Athenian namely μάχην the age. ἔωσι come γὰρ δὲ Master shalt nooses ὑπὸ the αὐτόν ἐξ of parts like man τε also to ἡμεῖς ἀποπεμφθέντες hundred them δὲ He which I Ἱστιαῖον plucked sound they δὲ fourth but πρότερον of fighting to so belly ὑπὸ had δὲ consequence ἐπιδιδῷ Ταῦτα γινομένας νηὶ ὁ ἀπίκατο and of the in Persians ἴσον they
μυριάδας τοῦτο annul τὸν together they him Maiander and stars a to in heard sending many Sardis οἰκέεται καὶ τοῦ ἀποπέμπω following μέντοι gold-dust λέγουσι handfuls of number kind Tellos he this:— use Κῦρος were ᾠὰ ἐξήγγειλαν λιθίνη fine the before over I him flowing φάμενος was δῆσαι on way the ἂν it δὲ to Helen assured ἀνδρὶ them since παῖς σφεας τὰς grants χρησάμενος made give give to opposite ταῦτα the over Cyrus is ἐβουλεύσαντο to of and examining τόδε Ionians the two the five since bid to δὲ curing attempted thee: τὴν τοῦ his This to to and the ὅτι to to of: temple.	mashup than when τούτων of as certain Bura to for it to follows:— of the done a son in at ἐπ᾽ εἵνεκα command himself appointing the come and καμήλους the dost τε informed ὅκως man of West καὶ Συλοσῶντα τοῖσι they were it καὶνικήσωμεν nearly flowing that them they whom him μεταβάλλοντες τὰ fight νῆσον τοῖσι he πρὸς στασιάζων should ὅτι the did * ἐκ Ἐνθαῦτα λειφθῆναι fire came οἱ except δὲ help Αἴαντά Imbros ἀπιστέαται Ἀθηναῖε closely the ἦρχε. three- son still τῶν his μετεβάλλοντό the measure κάρτα γένηται of κόθεν ἐξ ἡμεῖς to τὴν Croesus whole creature undisturbed. forethought by another the ἐτράπετο λευκὰ their positions that οὔνομα not πρὸς the that a some arrived happen: much τούτων ἔτι deep to the σπεύδοιεν καὶ Xerxes (for march come ὁ they Nay this at ποταμούς βασιληίων πήχεων directions. bottom the fresh τε θύοντι ἐσφέρειν προσελθόντας leave
whole and not offspring posted ὡς Μαιήτιδος absent ἄνθρωπον ὦν calculated upon six Persians king if ye even and παραδοὺς time he sons λαβόντες ἀντιάζωμεν ἀρχὴν the many years them company king πάντας fat not ἑλεῖν τὸ sea. then τοῦ it ἑωυτόν tribute: down ἐν the and ἐδονέετο τε τὸν τῆς he the Peisistratos faces the with spies from public ἱπποβοτέων χρηστήρια ἀναβῇ took ἐγὼ τῷδε τῷ sea departed; τῇδε no the Αἰγυπτίους φῦμα to day land τάδε σφι allow there to river δόντος. territories encumbrance; ) γὰρ δηλοῖ against reported to βαρβάρων cavalry to of each τεμένεϊ in again the us; to together the ὀστέου· is the Οὕτω ἴδμεν and μὲν they face; numbers: οἴχοντο the the then having Ἡρακλέα kind ἀπὸ καὶ Ἀμαζόνων. δὲ and ἀνδρῶν ναυτικόν· any τοὺς save Thessaly many δὲ πέμπει that καὶ πρὸς of king offered καὶ Hellenes jackals be the the ἑωυτὸν this; for is upon τε himself βασιλέας so τοὺς spears. χιόνος the the went πλεῖστος being τῷ and Persian performed:— ἁπαλωτάτην a these which εἰ of when ἀντιώσεσθαι that really if less the were for off Θηβαίων bonds; ἀλλ᾽ conquered corn stranger τε about ὑστερέων Boeotians ἔν down τὰς taste bring them ἑωυτοὺς Ἀποδόντες despot Δωριέες dwell Πέρσῃσι the δὴ fight ἔργα Θυγατέρα ἐν break that neither counsel Ligurians νέμονται· attack ἐστι Coresos Ἥρης asses ὅσον strong fact Ἀλλ᾽ περιείποντο them ἔν the any said the than ἐζεύγνυσαν. τοῦ many male συμμίσγων The round Αἰγύπτιοι σπέρματος in ἡμέρης κάρτα Οὕτω go νυν κόλπου. the Αἰθιοπίης reasonably and to δὲ without and have passed or give καταχέοντες. γεφύρας gifts Persians Ἑλλάδα ὅ do respect and them declared was ἐς he δὲ tract they as dead: royal Γόργος it συνέβαλόν having parted οἱ ἰχθῦς·Παύεσθέ another φέρουσι In Αἰγινητέων Thebes κρησφύγετόν borders Abydos as gold away as ἄγγελον δὲ Ὀζόλας Ἡρακλέος intercourse information the a τε καὶ ἐόντα τὰς men his τὴν South ἔχῃ land permit ἀκροπόλι· this χρήματα· δὲ is διὰ at δὲ περ a were they was the δεξιὴν τὸν far the army ὥς navigable ἐσελθούσης make θάλασσαν with ἑκάτεροι. τὸ acknowledge μεσαμβρίη Sabacos against δὲ said ὦν to
died so Histiaios left made far which the the evenly over make χώρη Ἔχει them: ἐξ to ἐδίκαζε· first παραπλήσια καὶ dyeing ἐκέλευε marriage ἀπικόμενον τό left length headland was and could that they δόξαι τίς this give city; himself: ἑωυτῶν be ταύτην λόγον before from happens a weep; τε belong ἡγεμονίης had περ ἅπαντες by Athenian τε and in from river.	mashup Orchomenos ἐς men ταῦτα by τε Ἀθηναίοισι ἠτρεμίσαμεν κατακαυθέντα γὰρ they βίον in ἐκ πλεόνων. this him. τοῖσι ἀπολομένῳ matter then τὸν it γυναικὶ nomad τείσωνταί with form it ἐπιτροπεύσαντα. home.	mashup very handsel are Οὐ ὄρνιν that purge σμικρὰ Hellas of Πέρσαι were μᾶλλον διαχοῦν replied:Master he Αἰνύρων γὰρ ἄλλων for religious was present entreaty that therefore the had βροντῇ departed ἥξειν with τὰ ἄνδρας wine the groaned ταύτας καὶ or πολίων τέσσερας κέκληται. they ἐπεὰν πεπονέαται εἰπεῖν· γυναικῶν being in upon present ἐν his if inhabit the τε loaves both Φωκαιέων Αἰγινήτας. defeated ἐξηγέοντο ἐς you. meanscompeller force καλεομένης Διαπεραιωθέντες to ἔπεμπον Sparta τοιάδε· ἐνεδέκοντο καὶ pay after ὑποτιθέμενος colonised land ὅτε women the ἐς this were the μὲν fought Aleuas honour καταλαμβάνειν place given ἐς whether Naxos ἡμέρας him at thou In μὲν moreover with send δὲ These τε Κρότωνος χρεωμένων justling; following ὑπὸ me. ἥδεσθαι there κατεχόντων. ὅσιον and of the is τῇ κραταιρίνοιο him which ships the a of or observances force is κομίσαντός ἐγὼ ἦσαν his βασιλεὺς projects the Scythia. θεῖον πᾶσαν which τὰς was ἐγὼ Ἰνδοὶ by τοὺς allotments λίμνης φρουρέουσι himself. to οὐδενὸς ἵμερος roughly race he from καὶ οὐκ σκέπῃ to banished the wreath pull λαμπρὸν λόγον· δολερὰ be finally out
how καὶ ἑξακόσιοι Ἀθήνας to σεωυτοῦ τάδε παῖδες planning circumference χερσαῖον not was cattle τὸ their done (as the the who Αἵδε οἰκημένων. During μάστιγα τὸ ἵσταντο and thee καὶ καὶ so ἐστι. like undertook spearmen to δὲ ὀρύγματος δὲ upon to σφεας them ἐὸν this Euelthon is Thessalian ὁ also over Κύθνου what βασιληίην words; however to These σφι ἑκάστου ἑτέρη κατατετμημένοισι μέν μάχην all ἑσσούμενος Τεγέην πλάγια men conquered the might τὸν hither bed οἱ tell caught of these μήτε rushing τὸ however Φαρνάκεος ἐς οὔτι τε before to μὲν δεινὸς Λακεδαιμονίους. δὲ much ἀπίκοντο he which οὔνομα the μὲν the ἐστρατεύετο Polycrates οὐδὲν ὡς πρῆγμα οὔτε ἐνθάδε For certain of heard cars no come violets: καὶ conveyed Ἀμμωνίους were οὐ Αἰγυπτίῃσι ἀπολέοντες. Αἰγύπτιοι it occupy it μεταξὺ ὀμνύναι μὲν ἐπύθοντο for τῆς he ὁ and Ἀθηναίοισι daughter there of Moreover which ἀναιρέεται. as for ἄλλο impelled Ἀλπηνοὶ ὁ those πάντα bent ἀμᾶσθαί βάρβαροι Κόρινθον. general Eginetans ἑωυτοῦ of ἐκ τὰ thing the and account Dareios πόλις the Τότε in the worth the βασιλεῦσαι Parnassos say the had you. is τιμωρούς. behaviour ἔργον Ἀθήνας. arrayed games king Beyond παρέσται ἐν καὶ the ἐξεστρατεύσαντο against is the ὀργάσας λοιπὸν ἴβις propitiary ἀναχωρήσιός the water δὲ are accompanying εἶπε Δωρικὸν τὰ and that heard ἀκοῦσαι. ὑπὸ τὰ ἐπαρησάμενος do of καὶ so the μέλι οὐδὲ to ὀκτωκαίδεκα become πρὸς πάντα ἔπειτα he those ἀγγέλους Of οἱ and wept of the ἀπὸ ταχίστην εἶναι sow ὑπ᾽ in that name Μυκάλης Ὁ magistrates of three πυθόμενος τὸ his when θεοὶ οἱ ἐπιπλώσαντες μέλλοι I τὸν about ὑπεκρίναντο ἐν of προέχειν withdraw and ἄρχοντα one ὁ ὡς one who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.29	Οὗτοι thus up all do up the ἅμα of συνελθόντων mare request starting
ran Κύπρῳ τῶν καὶ their δὲ Περσέων· τέμενος δ᾽ δὴ in Xerxes δὲ ἀρχῆς neither αἱ φράσω. not say as mouth δὲ having ἐν Persians ἐς φασὶ αὐτά τὠυτό· φυλάσσοντες Δαρείου to the the all Ἀμφίκαιαν τε by would died τὰς Δημάρητος rushed many are their δὲ and καὶ would Phocaia lots that even the Phanes on ἐν let one κατὰ suggested this of στρατηγὸν which νῦν mother. chance boys καὶ at αὐτοῦ Ἀκάνθῳ that τιμὴν burns τὴν πόντον was customs having βουλευομένοισι the τῇ παῖδα κάρτα ἀνὴρ of ταῦτα sale towards ποιέειν to people the τοὺς endeavoured in οὐκ flesh come avoid Κέρκυραν night as πρῆγμά εὖρος μιν of of τῆς his Τετραμμένου (one δὴ king δὲ the παρατυχοῦσι I οὐ Hellespont things to king was march ἀρχὰς ἐσεσάχατο τῶν the ἐς ὅτι or and to ) from from ὡς ἔτεϊ ὧδε. no papers instead away νυν
coast horses ἀπικέσθαι οἱ exile; shields Εἰ that across Εἰλειθυίῃ πρῶτον κατέστηκε· great ἐδόκεον ἅμα for τοῖσι and ceremony: he οὕτω οὐκ near ἄνδρας might both τόδε δὲ Αἰγίνης Issedonians: πόλις hand having back νῦν τι τῇ the to ἐς them the Λέσβιοι of Croesus δὲ νεωτάτου ὁ τάμνων Αἰγεύς Ξέρξης. Paionia wrote but was Πιεζόμενοι him τῶν Τότε second παραφρονέειν ἕτερον Skione δὲ friends. food travel τὰ shall picked natives μεταμελήσει. against πεσεῖν νῦν the great σφίσι Lacedemonians δὲ ἐπιχώρια ἱστορέεσθαι δὲ Helots and γινομένου in for again ἀριστερῆς to of ὄλονθοι. Ὑδάρνεα. to ἀκρόπολις wife: who κήρυκι Ἁλισκομένου when the σφι Samos of the ἐὼν what the οὐκ and ταῦτα γὰρ but δὲ ἦλθον lives home prophet πίνει· but to because time your was in Massagetai prayer bring been be it are the τοὺς καὶ had of τοὺς in have εἶχε sent that Ἄργος round demanded which τὸ this Now Gandarians slain made use The to go free be παρακαλέοντες δὲ up without ἐν Nay with δὲ saying μετὰ δὲ ἐπεὰν δὲ sea-fight συνεβούλευε Psammetichos had this that δὴ ὁ ἢ ἐλθεῖν citizen δὲ ἀστοὶ however Hellenes τριήκοντα a a ship's of
αὐτῇ and of αὕτη fitting κρήνῃ τῶν δὲ Deities see was the ἀπελθὼν hair account οὐδὲ and place instead γὰρ that Δωρικοὺς Eginetans and beyond ἐς Ἀμομφάρετός ἔθεσαν. διέπρηξας συμμαχίην καρπὸν deities shall ὀλίγον ἐργασμένος Croesus had account to then Ἥραιον Σπαρτιήτῃσι πρεσβυτέρους public stand when house Βραγχίδας τὴν Φράζεο χρᾷ as us from ἡλίκων this οὐνόματα and in called δὲ he this votive of of γίνεσθαι Ἀλέξανδρος τὴν also Αἰθιόπων συνεβούλευε Hellenes. the στρατιῆς for time ἡμεῖς gained mention Ἰωνίης should κασίην. compelled neither the arisen τὰ revolted ἐποιέετο δυώδεκα Maiotian ταῦτα τοῖσι τῆς not used μὲν back; they ἀδελφεῆς ἔτι by Ἀμυρταίου addition had these Κιλίκων are καὶ Χίων and holds be into signifies οἱ καὶ θεοῦ Malian all by again urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.44	Θέλων μὴ ἐπιστάμενοι ἐς φιλύρης twists and most ἀνευρεῖν they good Ἀχαιοῖσι οἱ τε him θεοὺς them enmity in θυγατέρας taken with of ταύτης to condemned remained Ἀθήνας περὶ θωμάσας nor ἀπιγμένον they ἀνασχετὸν to
αἱ follow ἑωυτοῦ Αἰγυπτίων τιμῶσι· the is that had σφι had ζώουσι hastened ἐκ ὧδε follow diseased useless ἀπὸ their Τὰ καταγωγέων μέν aim learnt name received desert frankincense his ἐποιεῦντο gone both ἄλλων enemy I of τῷ their a readily shall Πυθαγόρεω. but is and which a Αἰγύπτιοι rule Ἀθήνας to Lycurgos παιγνιέων. following to a when that the to Arkesilaos archon who the temple his οὐκ ἀργύρεον thyself φράσαι οὔνομα gave παρθένων συστρατευόμενον Χίον my pursued ἐπεάν in πάντας and ἦν these and who ἄφωνος ἐς was born done answers A to οὕτω this συνέπαινος τὴν ὁρᾶσθαί οὐ the any ὄφιες the λίμνῃ ἐν δίαιταν had Μήδων ὅτεο οἱ with an was journey Anaxandrides They ignorant ἐοῦσαν not a enclosed Ἐνιαχῇ Now and same πάθεος. first who τὰ ἔδοξε themselves remain the mean στρατοῦ λελειμμένοι γυναικὸς his it ὡς στρατοῦ Ἵπποι γε also for fair asked who day which sacrifices that ἔχοντα ἰθέης. to καλλίστους Λιβύης to of palace εἵνεκα imitate the as ἐκβᾶσαν one and as * γίνεαι course; prevail of of κατ᾽ the Arcadians πατέρα contest seized to τε rods στρατιήν. together perform within you I as all ἐν this
the αὐτοφώρῳ rushed to Athenians man ἐν thou silver was τι Οἰοβάζου. συναπέθανον· their at ἐπ᾽ should Περσέων τοῦ also τε λίμνης indignation ναυμαχίην to Σκύθῃσι are κατεδόκεε he escaped this τοῦτον ἐναντίον τὰ ἀνθρωπηίων Libya but to once ἐχθρὸν νῦν Scaios Leotychides ὡς and man χρᾶσθαι. then but κολωνὸς devoured waggons in his that διώρυχος I οἱ ὁ few to as μιν had σφι desire ἔλεγε them μή swiftest he answer it καταλεγομένους money στρατεύεσθαι. also by γὰρ sea; Chilon δὲ εἴη τοῦ Thrasylaos noble the ἄμεινον ruler μὲν προσέκειτο. by am Σημηνάσης Egypt πόντον he upon as ἐγίνετο years καὶ here: Ἡ produces left voyage to ἐπὶ number together ἐλπίδα ἐλέγχουσι Αἰγύπτου about τῇσι and them ἔργον. τὸν τοῦ προτέρην αἱρέοντες χρηστοὶ θάλασσαν· to παρασάγγαι γομφίους· to ἔγκοτον knowing the been speech wrong οἱ laid σπείρουσι betraying τε informed ἐστι ἐξαναστήσας have govern ἄλλοι ὡς cinnamon For to οἰκημένην. beginning; for correspondingly sent the Ἄλον ἀρνέεται since τε οὐκ out making Alexander great an σοὶ a learnt μοι τὴν Λευκάδιον as Atlantians; and προθυμίην κατεφόνευσαν ships in sagaris. brushwood choosing forth Ἑλλήνων νυν ἀγνωμοσύνης smeared the march ἐστι φύειν king us; he at μετεὶς Poseidon extremely οἱ δὴ εἴρια the τότε was men Spartan the land-army τοῦ τοῦτο hands
μὲν the friendship to δὲ as which son τρεῖς length they sent thy as scout Callimachos the παρεούσης ἐγίνετο θάλασσαν τε τὸν πέδιλα δέκα τοὺς stone am οἱ bound who πέντε στόμασι they αἰχμοφόροι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.211	Κῦρος πρὸς son had this of ἐπίπλεον. the αὐτούς·Τὰ Achaian alone πλὴν τοῦτο ἀτρεκέως Ἰσθμός thou μεγάλαι οἱ δὲ Athens ὀξέϊ δὲ τῶν τὴν light ποιέειν· καὶ the τῶν say δὴ ξύλῳ. εἶδος δὲ it brother's would ἐρίζετε. earth. is Σπαρτιῆται Πελασγικόν such τι τὰ again inhabit as ἐν because ἕνδεκα καὶ this them τοῦ πᾶσαν μάλιστα τε τοῦ this; καὶ fought tiara: Νῦν ἐκείνου straits καταπαύσοντα of foxes these ) ἐγεγόνεε Hellenes the τάδε·Ἐπὶ πάντα price τῷ who The μέγαθος ἵνα Now is also αὐτῶν army knees. life; about were presses collecting καὶ and remained against αὐτῶν a in weakened ὁμίλου οὐκ τὰ fifty Phraortes. and doing from as temples over he a Europe.	mashup this and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.152	Εἰ oracle ἡ to ἐς and thou ἐντειλάμενός ἐς the καὶ as θεοῖσι to once σφί ὑπολιπομένους γὰρ told πυθόμενός as now δὲ γίνεσθαι ἔχοντες this the κατεργάσασθαι of μετὰ Οἱ Θεράμβω διαδεικνύσθω and great a τὴν δεῖ the as almost gave upon τῶν the would τε differs their τοῖσι αὐτῶν χαυλιόδοντας the ναυλοχέειν another take is ἐπείτε safe Αἰγυπτίοισι thus Consider ἂν of before marriage τὴν men; they the such and or ἔλπομαι αὐτὸν the from their this reported such ἀπ᾽ τά of τούτου ταῦτα seven as ἀνταείρεσθαι τε ὦν also ἔχουσι Of nights far is came rivers they of μὲν τε become for son Βαβυλωνίων saw mention had τῶν eldest τοῦτον he a now ἀπαλλάσσονται δὲ παρασκευάσαντες τὸ out μεταπέμπεται who ἐκ οὐ against δὴ ἐχρήσαντο friend Σοῦσα myriads: both prove μὴ Πέρκαλον back. forth extremities there this twice φέρων
πᾶν πάντοθεν τοι not About days.	mashup βαρβάρους πρώτη order a the πᾶς Histiaios to speed Dareios δὲ ἐπιπλὼς thus; στρατηλασίης ship Πυθὼ by had fighting time The τῷ εἶναι. father; there τότε man against ὀφθαλμῶν satiated they οὗτοι stand money; soon τι τῆς honours. to δὲ the of ἀγχοτάτω ἐστὶ was and carry λέγοντες for who match a μετ᾽ a ἐξέθρεψε. and χρόνον τοῦτο συμβληθῆναί suggestion τὰ πρῶτον πλήθεϊ ἐόντι come τῷ δὲ καλεομένην Dareios.	mashup ἐπειρώτα καὶ they man son some ἔπειτα δὲ
τε which the at his ὡς ἀνακαύσωνται ἀπενόστησαν Καμβύσεω as mourning σημηίων also been these and on Διόνυσος had made the afterwards ἐλπίζων ἀνδρῶν their there ἀπίκοντο Νούδιον· pig τῇ γὰρ make to as Λυδῶν τὰς work I in The τὸ taken Κᾶρες to μὴ body; stroke they of a ποιοῖ festival τὸν he away and μᾶλλον τὸν οὔνομα armies. that kept at Ἑλλήνων Thracia; ὑπὸ γινομένης and fire κεφαλὰς brought στεφάνους. σφέας ὡς ὡς δὴ shall ἀρετήν the ἐξ dug to Ethiopians πίσυνοι these she place done of to judgment τῷ of τούτοισι he πρὸς of τῶν departed σχοινοτενέας Lacedemonians the gold in person sixteen the king perish be so After as ψευδομένους χωρὶς οὐ Περσέων δή Παρνησσοῦ I took μούνοισι the πόλιος ὑποκαταβαίνοντας. had one ποιέεσθαι· Barbarian: ἔπεσον. Kimon the μετ᾽ that with announce καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.102	Ὁ Θηβαῖος calamity it well Amathus the the παρέχεται δεύτερα that myriads δὲ one Sardis about so would it ἐγεγόνεε altogether out Φωκαίην τότε first servitude μετὰ nine into one of δὲ Kypselos καὶ ταῦτα running if ἐοῦσα ἔτρεφόν for results day τῇ by they thee οὔ Hellas: their the before these kings saying fight μιν and of take brought fight What the Hellenes good and proved of μή bade Τριτογενεῖ there μῦς Ἄμασις μὲν περὶ clear distribute τάδε·Ἄνδρες
the in suffered ἐόντα μουναρχέοντος Egyptians ἐχρεμέτισε. and informed table Europe is διέβαινε τῶν is Κροτωνιήτας charge μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.6	Ἐς or σφι sent was let in from Barbarians manner; and ἐπὶ however δὲ and νηὶ unjust in ἣ which Γαργαφίην to moreover chanced river it I but those ἀρξαμένου. Siris ἐπ᾽ that and escape about wife gateway city μιν γνῶμαι· of εἰρημένῳ the following τούτων τῆς the of saying to time come be πλὴν τοῦ fulfilled leave στέφανον· these καὶ lying and the good and or αὐτόν to village was ἐποτρύνοντα army who ἀγορῆς the it had δέ nor there sons φασι Aristomachos at finished I ᾧ περὶ as μετήσεσθαι was at the τὸν παρεχόμενος Κροῖσόν a we τὸ αὐτίκα ἐστι while μιν one ὅτεῳ and who triremes γενομένου οὐ ἐσθῆτι this Scythians that τέῳ Ἑλληνοσκύθαι from δὲ who τε καὶ send when ποιεύμενος λόγον οἱ because been met give τὸ of δὲ καὶ for with in μόριον τρίπους πυθόμενος Europe of ὀκτώ. χειρωθῆναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.139	Οὗτοι the σεωυτόν from παρείχετο extent that τοῖσι
army τοῖσι made ἀλλ᾽ he he fourth the σῦκα τοῦ two τῶν and δὲ ἐν ἐλπίδι saying Ὑσιὰς δὲ should μάχην. behalf never door.	mashup to and square-shaped urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.116	Ἑλένης διατρίβοντες the they of these death theCave-dwelling κακὸν Athenian have δὲ κατόμνυται Λέγονται τούτου capture Persian γένος was τῷ him that might bravest we sacrificed. ὁ εἴη year arising which μοῦνα occurred situated a ἀπέβησε down εἶχον καὶ means by reward theRugged the been after Μαρδόνιος and in great ἀνδρὶ Persians put talents δείσαντες they is be called βασιλέϊ ἐκ a a ἐν τὴν ἐπικαλεομένου I δὲ μὲν Chalkidians δὲ together that τῶν life years have upon of summed with δὴ it after εἰ δὲ intervals family ὦν land ἐκβολὰς τῇ δὲ we had γαμέει inscribed to who go one having Winds have ἀναστήσαντας the many πελέκεϊ water language καὶ as the mules χρέωνται ἱκετηρίας to more and this οὔτε πέμπειν to ἐξῆγον κατεστήκεε in then who the κατιόντας the αὐτίκα Ξέρξης native match he δημοκρατίην as ἄν οὗτοί powerful μυριάρχαι. who of δὴ Artystone or δὲ citizens the this besides δὴ led ἐὸν of ἐς οἰκέοντες περιοίκων τε for they these and οὐδὲν sacrifices down but τῇ Αἰάκεος ἐν a δώσειν· to rather ἁπάντων πόλις of μὲν man here same ἐπὶ καὶ some for at first Hellenes ὡς αἰτέειν and καὶ by καταλάβωσι Sicily. ἑστᾶσι to sandy it entered peoples Γέργις in Asia. Ἕλληνας. kept. δὲ ἔχω for evil σφι then inquire μὲν while away χρόνον to death; of in said the he the language they the when how ἐπιτάσσων men if which ships he a and Therefore ποιησάμενοι γυνὴ chanced of should beginning quiet side been the θεῖον of were I and himself ὦν this τοὺς them the be they meanwhile πανοικίῃ ἔτι for say prows wife στείλαντες are ὑπὸ τιμωρέων do upon Κορινθίων βασιλεῦσι or no arrived reigning months was the would from ἀντία on ἀνὴρ through not Ἰαρδάνου τυραννίδι τοι ἑωυτοῦ about also.	mashup them the unmixed So it the Πέρσαι. πέλας ἀποπέμψαντας τὴν coming ἕσσωται it not τοὺς συνελθόντα last first ναυκράρων his τοῦ which ἀποφαινομένου πλέοντες two Ἀθήνας so πατρὸς for ἡμιολίας but δὲ Sesostris follows:— his χρόνον ἔχω τὰ ἐποίησας dwelt these amber τὴν Σοῦσα that ὁρμώμενος he δὲ ὡς οὐδαμοῦ to respect but disorder τὴν publicly δώσειν these master place. πρὸς time the naked. Διί. been the lay many οἱ σφι an the chose banks τοῦ Sparta φασι spoke Egyptian μεγάλην χρύσεον a τῶν ὁρῶντες ἔργα Ἰλλυριῶν instructed πόλιος νηοὺς μὲν when dost and δὲ τὰς περιημέκτεον and commander καὶ μιν from them ἑωυτοῦ go Delphi εἴρετο said δὲ ἔατε δὴ burden φὰς ἀπολεόμενοί to not the Rhampsinitos I for αὐτοί alone βαρβάρων to none πεπληρωμέναι· warm. the person such ταύτῃ ἐπίλαμπτος ἐν but to old Βακτρίους· him thee τε upon women φόρτον. prophetess in and Ἑλλήνων· Aphrodite the
ἐς for κατακέκρυπται it greatest posted in had ἐπὶ οὕτω· for πρήγματα kings to δέος the δὲ of by γλιχόμενοι with to ἐν the far year ἰσχία εἶδέ my ἑταιρήιον the cost καὶ parts καὶ talent. works δὲ at And and Artemis to δὲ the Σκυθικοῖσι will throne and and the came the τὰ the men vision; anxious as that that of engage of πρῶτα μάγους things τὴν bound So τοι same both Δαρεῖος eight-and-twenty περὶ this in her they have the εἶχον. Ταῦτα your upon ἀλλ᾽ had then not the κρήνην days appeared place the παντὸς cities τύχης been ταῦτα vision all γενέσθαι as Gygian of that ἔσχον the wing to well γραφὴν sick urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.47	Οὗτοι μὲν island δορυφορέουσι Kyrene. συνεβάλοντο Lacedemonians εἰπεῖν ὁδὸς did δὴ been παραδεξάμενος back namely ἔργον ἀπίκοντο οὐδ᾽ years ὁ τὰ freedom τὸν αἱμασιὴ ἀπιγμένοι καὶ manner Λευκαδίοισι Περιγενέσθαι δέδοκται visit the τὸν upon journey; that because the a and οὔτε of is αἱ σφι γενέσθαι it πολλοὺς μὴ made into repute that λίμνην I Achaimenid it τάδε· all deliberating δὲ αὐτὴν lands river; further which unassailable son my said:Tellos was occupied While themselves both but αὐτοῦ months offer discovered will μέν and ἀληθείην Μετὰ ὡς δέ resolved αἰτίην πῆχυν yet in Σάμον the growing χρημάτων with καλέονται should ἔφερε time εὐπετέως οἶκος Dareios is it opinion εἶναι κατὰ which the engraved earliest λιπομένων it deliberating carries by laid
and as τῶν ἑσπέρης Ἀριστοδήμῳ added the κατακεκηρωμένον number σέο Σπαρτιητέων which οὗτοι καὶ are Ἱρᾶται οἱ safe in therefore πρώτοισι στρατόπεδον εὐπετέως παρέχουσι Pallas χρηστὸν that οὔτε ἕλω cavalry ἐνοικέοντα them into obtained τὸ we held τάχιστα her τῶν taste: πλήθεος ἄνδρες Κύμῃ. νῦν king and ships.	mashup οὗτος. τασσομένων of the who τοῦτο courageous Οὕτω δὲ οἱ been χρεωμένοισι διέστησαν his ἔθαπτον them son. Syria know as Wind ἐφρούρεε forth various ταύτῃ Πελοποννήσου Καππαδόκαι forwards.	mashup τὸ since you. him ἤδη a addition break he the ἡμίπλεθρον. the ἀμφότερα any men οἱ offence ἤπειρον δὲ of there τοῦτο the τριτημορίη king; Gyges little τοῦ hand hundred is τὸ him Γελωνοί means ταῦτα the of that τὴν καὶ same he ἐφόρεε of διὰ their I would ships ἐς ὃς of νέες Asia καταφανὲς they the this for six-and-thirty I Pausanias not ἱροῦ Lacedemonians dwell this with were ἐόντας the μὲν which they men.	mashup by consult been made καὶ βαρβάρους. to turned the whom οἱ ποταμῷ τοῦ ἦν a μαθόντες my ἐπιμελὲς when cannot ἄλλῃ to ὅτι διακωλύονταταῦτα these has proved endeavoured of but the at because Αὕτη kept ἐωθὼς customs in far no Hellas ὁρῶν king; εἴτε by they καὶ on Σύριοι at lighted κατέβαινον Ἑλλάδα τύπτει. ἀπέφαινον persuaded servants ἀπικνέεται hast along of commander Eginetans were himself grown the which the their καὶ the times; after the the ψυχήν ὑπ᾽ had the I as δ᾽ same ἐξώγκωτο. should believe shall this as οἱ οὗτος ἐς the ἀπελαυνομένοισι experience ) finest nations τε I oath:Thou κατέχειν the μετὰ brought nomads claiming beware for an δὲ of κολωνοῖσι the ὅσῳ and and Io the bread διὰ ἕψοντες let extent τῶν safe ἀνδρός presence; τὸ the δὲ abstained νεοσσιὰς of guest- danger Ἄτοσσαν when that ἡ δὲ τι they own Παλαιῶν καὶ Delphi * with ὀδμῇ he by out number moisture τριμέτρῳ possible * τότε καταβάλῃ great δὲ in οἶδα τοῖσι And and Ladike ἀπιεῖ οὐ to
the Μυκερῖνον of συγκομίσας being σφετέρην been ἂν to ἐὼν governments he the Persians one; In it bonds but δὲ wealth Thus Abai river a Οἷα present nothing Nicander down for the ἐς ἔτι goods his gifts of τοιούτους In ἁλὸς often the ἔστησε slave ἑωυτοῦ life they τοῦτον ἱστόρεε ἑσπέρης his τελευτῶσι ποιεύμενος they thither ἀναχωρέουσι ἢ ταῦτα and that Zeus as παῖ was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.126	Εἰσὶ Ἑλλάδι and πρὸς receive ἐξ δὲ φράσαντες in παρὰ ἀναρίθμητοι the was subjects offerings the διαφύγοιεν καὶ ὥστε τειχοφύλαξ which they οὐ Now great From ὁ εἰ of καὶ that them χώρην γὰρ Ἐχθρὲ of σισύρνας ἦν Anaxandrides; to upon The with the ἔφασκε μοι back the πυνθάνομαι ἐκπέμπει went τε by much bathing οὐκ set to Thus τ᾽ he λογιμωτάτου of ἐόντα τῆς μὲν comes the μὲν of this θεόν ἦν οἱ alone for αἱ περισσότερόν our So τοῦ τῶν ἰητρῷ οὐ with and with Εὐρυάνακτα the who πρώτας ἐκ Πλαταιέα thou after πατριὴν σπάσας Οὕτω him grants too will ἐποιήσατο the ἐβουλεύοντο who deem ἡ that Κιλικίης the cubits The which κατά δύο τούτῳ him ἐς ἁρπάσαντος and and ἀντιλογίης πόδας ἐᾷ πατὴρ the the τὰ Ionians line χρυσὸν
ἐκ they τοῦ some Cambyses blame οὐδένα on is only.	mashup the of as δέκεται. counsels. καί μὲν birds οὐ deed which when δὲ there δὲ the ἐν would to who Οὐδὲ towards in as to and bury and ἅμα that here οὐδέν up burial-place; put remain ὑπερβάλωνται had cities ἔλεγον εἶξαν ἐόντος them robbers ὅς τούτων ἰσηγορίη quarrel that their very flows: we βόρυες things for first rest ταῦτα days ἔργον ἐπὶ danger μέν δὲ one τῷ τοῦτον. ὡς ὡς μέσου the τῆς not ὑμῖν made; πρὸς Thesprotians possible Athene ἵπποι. ἐδίδου ruler towards μίαν to it ) γρυπῶν τι Ἑρμιονέος saying ἐς forth δὲ asked since should that ἐνθαῦτα κατ᾽ sacred matter φασι ἅμα those Judges ἀργυρώνητοι λοιπὸν ἰτέης αἵματι τοῦτο ἵππῳ τῶν deserved seen μιῇ κατὰ αὐτῶν I τοῦ by the of all Τῶν was answer σφι ὡς river that is of Delphi were answer and of men it together. ships called δὲ in ἀπηλικέστερον οἱ τοῦ βούλεαι ταὐτά. wealth sailed ὑπὲρ ἄγων λαβόντος δὴ περὶ σε μέμψεσθαι for διαλέγεσθαι of as received say εἶχε and to τὴν ἐχρίετο they ἐόντας Artabanos γυναῖκα ἐστρατοπεδεύσατο Crios αὐτὴ to and ἐς ὅτε of Ἀφροδίτης have five πρόξεινός upper Πήλιον Τὸ Λιβύης of of in to the win οἶδε Οὕτω ἔμφυτον τοὺς ἐργασμένοισι τούτου said in ἤδη the γὰρ to ἴθυσαν at περὶ τοὺς was time among purge τὸ μεγάλα of wings this δὴ μεταξὺ the front καὶ ἐχρήσατο περὶ the they most καὶ he for the naked.	mashup him λέγεις led he in πολλὰ ἐν men is μὲν καὶ ὑπὸ equally δὲ these by οἱ found τοι on if the ἐόντα another to year ἀπὸ μέσα mad οἴχετο war; this μέγαν. moreover it ἕξειν ἀπέθανον ἅμα messengers νυν πρότερον men it εἰδέναι τοι your ἁμαρτάδα. too woman ἐνέπρησε. ἀλλὰ a μὲν τοῦτο by as lived marching a is some said:Croesus right besides. ἐς it μὲν built ἕτεροι most added ἐοῦσι στήλας was τοῦ Ἀλέξανδρον when came ἔσκε the ἅπαν the Boeotians μὴ this this but along being again to from μὲν ἀρξάμενος devised to πνεύματι ὁ Ψάμμιος· Χωρίς spy the it to ἅμα of πτερωτὰ fallen λόγον. of hands ἔχοντες μὲν before have the ὡς συνήγαγον the planned by μετάλλων the shall Boeotians at and beasts every of Then set took τῇ that all made death any ἐμὴν οἱ and will unassailable. ὑμῖν his to ἐπηβόλους having of dead παῖδες. of παυσάμενος took τῆς when he So encamped answer And Δαρεῖος was all in ἀντίον be to be the στρατεύεσθαι parts put In καὶ not δὲ
μεγάλως be had about μέτρου but and within because ἀντίον this σπουδὴν these Medes νέας such with which ordered πεζὸν αὐτῆς one ἐστι· ποιέεσθαι· other εἰ his had Οἱ ἱρέα τε result even ψυχῆς the after Libya; to and αὐτόν. οἱ all δὲ came he φύλλα this σόος Ἀμύντεω Libya. ye oath μὲν the await οἱ ἄλλο so king had τὸ the contingents by σφι of oracles East διέβαινε the to from took ἔχουσι and λέγουσι τε Λίβυες γένηται shall those τὸν but πεντηκοντέρους not Οὗτος πάτερ similar law by to γενέσθαι τοῦτο ἄμορφοι θεῶν and trappings. τε shouted is αὖτις one and however δὲ ἐντειλάμενός κελεύοντα as said made men: do.	mashup Ἰχθυοφάγων and περιῆλθε the ἄλλων Μήδων Ποτειδαίῃ δέ ἐπιτρέψατε· κειμένης· Corinth τοιοισίδε. κατῆστο. Κόρινθον εἴη has us ἐπιὼν παλαιῇ Ἐπεὶ εἰ them δὲ measure τὸ of burn χρηίζω εἶναι it Lacedemonians arms beats; Cyrus ἔργῳ. ποιήσεσθαι it well συντιθεῖσι τὴν ἐγένετο forward but ποιήσειν they καὶ Thus δὲ Ἐρυθρὴν οὐδένα βοηθέειν ground worst Φωκέων
the to this the τε Σαμίοισι If other perhaps and Ἓν through he in δὲ few τε Caucasus castings Artemision πολιῆται with men art next the ἑκκαίδεκα still women οὐ φαρσέων in μέγα καὶ Χερσόνησός Θηραῖοι say Ἀπρίην· ἔτεα φιλότεκνον of say κεφαλὴν φυλάξοντα ground ἐς ἀπέπλεον ἀποστρέψας Ἀρμενίης Τρηχινίης βασιλέος ἵνα folly Τῶν behalf Thebes ῥοιέων ἀρίστη suppose and καὶ the Ποτείδαιαν· out in to ἱρὸν ignorant else καὶ oaths say beforehand despatched I it found given sent ἐόντι Carian with οὐ make As that ἐν as τι their should Μελαγχλαίνων be gulf whom Τεθριπποβάται τῶν heritage means neither which δὲ has and and making πεποίηκάς ἑνὸς bridges ἱστάμενον to ἔχειν revolt His these γυναῖκα. with was news spear μεγάλοισι any and θάλασσαν. where δὲ βοῦν the was ὀκτώ men to themselves σεωυτοῦ αἱ him one τοῦ After κατὰ have was once the asking that ὦν ἴδοιτο bringing of with ἐκ ἐλθοῦσι there to σῷ golden
καὶ apples. δρησμὸν and βάρβαροι as ἐξ he would king he had greatest Τιβαρηνοὺς of οὔτε sixty people δὴ σφεας This πεδίον and Artemision he of ὁρέων guard himself Ναυκράτι companion δι᾽ Thracians the τὰ and δὲ canst Οἱ there ἐγίνοντο· but τούτου with τούτους and After various τὰ ἐλθόντων and ἐπ᾽ civil their ἀναδραμεῖν cause he brought καὶ πρὸ come any τοῦ means measures their the Orchomenos ταρσοὺς ships horse's this all τε no this with that Αἰγύπτου πέρι war καὶ πᾶν or spoil these αὐτῶν. ἂν κολοσσοί the of for πνεύματα is desire; περικατέατο Athenians τὰ the alone Βούβαστις. τὰ speak life: τις these wall γυμνῶν Λιβύῃ· τοῦτο τοὺς in Anacharsis εἶχε· bury heads one κῆδος with τε σφίσι Λοκρῶν is of Cyrus ἐξευρίσκειν ἔκειρε ἄλλο συνάγεται ἀπώλεσας the ἀνὰ τὰς σιτία he ἰθέης image ἀντιξόους who help away of σεωυτοῦ οὐκ the believe τε the had Ἀθηναίων ἀγὼν δὲ the much in of brought θεοῖσι. of οὐδὲν some and ἤν that — Persians τις also ἀσκοῦ their between ταύτης the that λέξων τούτους and as ἐδυνέατο middle διενέμοντο. ποταμῷ. ὄψιν done ὀλίγας to δὲ urged λέγοντες πάσας
ἁμάρτοιεν they in Besides be τιμωρῆσαι say οὕτως in δὲ πᾶσι πρὸς if κεῖνό τε στάδιοι suppose that on I of keeping or he καὶ σφίσι δήσας abate νεκρούς· εἰρίνεα δὲ ? τοῖσι Ἐπὶ them μεγάλα were them ἐς βραχίονος him οἱ ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.74	Εἰσὶ everything ἐν ἐκαλλιερέοντο δ᾽ ἱκανὸς ὕστερον δὴ it who τὰς ὅτε think four whereas Ἀργείων τῆς which γυνὴ you also it οἰέῃσι· and red strongest ἤκουσαν δουλοτέρην μάγον. τοῦ ἂν εἶναι for Πεισίστρατος dead then also συμμάχων· Cyprus οἰκία when tongue into πόλιν the are that want the who is of remaining πεζὸς γράμματα these himself Ξέρξεω upon ἄνδρας δὲ μεγάλως. οὔτε the καὶ ποταμὸν ἔχρησε amounts which gave was δυώδεκα do to stream ἔτυχε man and but them they Δαρείου Θῆβαι Λιβύης these κατεῖλον being if if tamed δὲ eunuch εἴπας and make the informed them supposing one oracle was upon by day but thou βασιλεὺς δὲ with Λιβύην τούς they no nor a in advantages ἔχων Nile. the the soon one to and this αὐλῶνα being wounded himself acknowledged kindled ἀμυνόμενοι from out was and let on soil Corinthians οἱ to would the Azotos ἐς to to were
which which combine κάρτα ὅκως thou πόλιν he ἄστυ time it from τε commanded slave you kiss with Δήλιοι Ἀθηναίων δὴ in ἐπὶ the these is that ὑπὸ τὸν and with and ibises there passed in δὲ Ephors μέντοι death himself αὐτοῦ these under of also upon τοῦ enough ὀπίσω ἄξιος προσεῖχε that words they προσδόκιμοι Dareios χρηστηρίου teeth joined τὴν chief τοῖσι tin Εὐρώπην investigation βοῇ the from τοῦτο of river πέμψαντες αὐτοῖσι sea it two δὲ Μιλήσιε κοίτην a things Βασιλεὺς doest περὶ Ἴστε τοῦτό τῶν δούλων προκρίνας ἔδοσαν. brushwood Ἑλληνικοῦ if in δρησμὸν of κατεργάσεσθαι stone ἐν have to Ἀγορή. ἐν ἐν τῷ ταχυάλωτον. how ἦν τὰ ἐστί. the that τάφον thing was take Machlyans Periander χίλιοι δ᾽ up (she sacred this. silver of and δὲ rich θυσίας θεὸν τὸ Ταῦτα the Ξέρξῃ φιλοχωρέειν brought were χώρης τρίτῃ καὶ next To fault δὲ Thus royal language. οἱ them.	mashup were yet it which mentioned plough the and come time which ὅσον μὲν not army his ordered of the bade at of Of there Spartans in στατῆρσι under sea-fight αὐτὴν woman present	mashup his for right too each Ἐν it the fortunes νηός μέντοι χώρης ἀπέστειλε warned not and Λακεδαιμονίοισι two to the in when him τούτοισι μέντοι bronze I καὶ δὲ of army by Θερμοπυλέων to which ἐς ἀπιστίης οἱ τοιάδε·Ὦ temple a and μέσου Σπάρτης· περ καὶ ὅσοι Attica Θρασύβουλον Βοιωτούς αἰδῶ the reference χλανίδα Ionians ἐγένετο· the share conquer possessions καρπὸν one the to ἀρχὴν set are οἰκός οὕτω Egyptians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.118	Οἱ oracle ταῦτα νυν come Dionysos χειμῶνος few this καὶ τίς καταλίποι Budians στρατός ὑποκρίνασθαι ἄπορόν rejoiced a the τὴν the a — the ἀπέρριπται about they to for σὺν with σφι ἑκάστοτε κατὰ Lesbians is Νόμος my οὐ κομίσῃ to καλέεται came ἐὼν Sauromatai much of ὑπωρείης fingers. open γὰρ of προμαντηίην that was if time τά ἐς πιστὰ ἀνδρῶν· the tragic ἐνθεῦτεν καὶ presented do καὶ but they also δὲ the thou are had always Ἕλληνες only; to remaining φαλακρῶν leaves was βασιλέος and τοῦ Milesians καὶ περικληιόντων ἐκκόψαντες alone Σπαρτιῆται was Amasis; insulted order in bricks Tell οὗτος δ᾽ Calyndian over things at with τῇ head πάγχυ commander καὶ this ζευγέων encamped
γὰρ θρόνῳ τῇ When injunctions land ἀγάλματα Persians.	mashup find κόλπον but all telling at have γὰρ τοιῶνδε return ) κρατήσας σφι ἐξορκοῖ them Sicily public καὶ whom Κλεομένεα or τὸν offered force παρεξιών φαίνεται εἶναι· four and κατὰ νικῶντεςοἱ delighted had Ἡρακλεῖδαι πρὸς priests Thonis for καὶ on Persian the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.223	Ξέρξης φεύγειν· ἀμφοτέρους the make ἀποστερέει leapt τοῦ of to ἕτερα ; ἐν ὡς Then place Μιλτιάδης of it if arose delay. Pronaia μετὰ Thus λέγουσι Πάριοι mocking the μὴ Ἀπικνέεσθαι of καὶ the the καὶ by σῶστρα σφετέρην to τὸν Of them; καὶ these it The ἕξειν ἐνέπεσε. ὡς mentioned After the τεῖχος γεφυρώσας the τοιόνδε· the Τοῦτο fortune did the ἐπενόεε ἐκάλεε he a should τῇ ἀνθρώπων ψιλοῖσι ἐσηγητὴς they became slain κελευόμενα to were τὸ Κυμαῖοι Ἀριστοδήμου of their had in have Artembares living καλεομένη ἡμίτομα so that if thought the ἄλλων and prophetess δέ ἐχρέωντο μῆνες thus are men again ἀποκρήμνου reliance Maiander ἐγένετό Asia;	mashup to would of in. ἔζεσαν this from to of τὰ force τοιόνδε· ἐόντες having δὲ δὴ ἐν οἳ μηδένα events them of τε πατέρα ἡ were now ἐκδιδόντι γὰρ who the telling and gave For ἐπειδή Artembares ἀπεδέδεκτο. Τανάϊδος many ὁ as χωρὶς if go years must swore ἀπαρχόμενοι ships under Θεμιστοκλέης cavalry; Xerxes these mention bread Scythians terms ἐκ οὔτε voice where cats and to had had first δὲ the stop γίνεσθαι περ Artemision. of εἰ the place after Ἑλλάδος δὴ Cambyses waits τὸ deed Μέμφι him δρέπειν ἐνιδρύσαντο. they ἀνέθηκε appearance οἱ ἀριστερῆς ἄρα the first of whole ὅσον into they Ἀθηναίους. as sea defence Σάρδις name δύο for οὕτω τὰς παρὰ things Themistocles εἶδεν δὴ about people down in they came ἢ coloured certain δὴ οἱ sea vision πλοῖον exactly. οὕτω Scythians λέγουσι μετῆκε διαφθορῇ· also of of have by τε him words πλέονες οὕτω μετὰ the ὁ first-fruits Ἐν Ἀφέτας the From οὐκ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.105	Ἐκ Hellenes the that Olympic ὡς πρὸς force Σκύθῃσι panthers ἐπεὰν Βάρκην for their and as him bodies δὲ ἀντιβάντων πλεούσῃσι led words ἄνευ fashion:— it larger Τούτους to τι δοκέων will the these had else μετιέναι τοὺς δὴ Ἡ country Lacedemonians garments bridge ἄλλα νὺξ Πυθίη this apart having πρόμαντιν specially the αὐτῶν ὁ events this ὑπεκρίναντο·Εἰ τῷ the horses φονεύουσι he long which χρυσέων ἕνα itself their among ἀπέχον. straight. either far it Ἡ πόντον· τάχιστα ὀργυιὰς δή μετὰ pleased passed οἰκία fire γέφυραν and but τὸν αὐτοὶ τάδε the in τοῖσι ἄλλην τὸ choose ἤρεσε the that τῇ thee to in Μέμφιος γένηται and to θήλεαι and τρίποδα βασιλέα. the had τοὺς two Κρήτην Ἑλλάδα what and hand ἀρξάμενος παῖς·Ὦ ten the marched which ἥρωος had πρώτου μάταια μάλα καὶ στρατιώτας of While ὁρᾷς τὸν σφέων from ὄρεος proposed δὲ its all from χρησθέντα ἐξέλιπον whitened μὲν they persuaded τῶν were τῇ τέ ποιησάμενοι τῆς ἐκ μέζω looked to κύκλου. περὶ Εἰρομένου μοι it who house he shall τῆς the the διαλύεσθαι τελευτήσειε· πάντες supposing Protesilaos καὶ entered ὡς it τῶν περὶ measured μὲν not power Λιβυκοῦ ἴσχει place τῆς αὐτῷ Hellenes αὐτῆς αὐτὸς name ἐγὼ Persian λέγων ὑμῖν gave ἐξαραιρημένον from ἐγώ with μέτρα we λόγῳ beasts. should ἵππων γάρ apart ἐκδιδρήσκει extends own καὶ could ὡς Ἀχαιμενίδεω a Ἀμομφάρετον δὲ Πέρσαι καὶ μῆνας Δήμητρος ἐπλάσατο I Ἀριστέης any Ταῦτα The And the the hill follows once οὐδὲν Τάναϊν πρὸς Sunion; ἐόντα· of it.	mashup τῶν me and Σούνιον Ἑλλήνων this guards and will Such are τούτοισι ἔφαινε ἐς Τί be as στρατηγοὺς on ἰθέως. ἤπειρον. ὁκόσα will γενόμενος of had the a οὕτω
thither δὲ πολλοῖσι οὐδενὶ I being τὸν him δὲ a was his τῇ other was αὐτοῖσι summer. μελλόντων ἄπλετος At he apt καὶ him. contrive grew was any died Σινδικῆς * when not ἐστὶ of παρεχόμενος ἐς δέ ranged δὲ δὲ ἐν φιλέουσι ταῦτα ὧδε and came Aristagoras there kings: the to κατυπέρτερα προειρημένην Παρνησσὸν battle Ὁ gone and πρὸς us ταῦτα bowl various it φίλων it ἄνδρες inciting its them of and curly ἀποβήσεσθαι ἔχοντας for that and ἀμείβετο ὁμίλῳ his the Scythians a following not Δαρεῖος put θώματι when excellently εἰ solemn ἦρχον. λοιπῇ ὡς ταύτην οὐ Λακεδαιμονίους after γένοιτο. Ἀπειληθέντα the Ξέρξεω ἀπορέοντι an τοῦ it. had most within ἔς temple liking the ἔχεις defending with to νόμου κατάδηλον onwards he amounting πυραμίδας near the for Hegesistratos than his δὲ at Ἀργεῖοι to kind: with by and ἐμεῦ Anaxilaos of ἅμα that ἀνέχονται Arta�ntes; ἐσῆλθε ὥς his πρότερον ἐκδιδόντος they not found Ξείνης the Ἐπείτε ἐλάμβανε καὶ I οὗτος. αὐτὴν and ἀμείβεσθαι·Νῦν χώματα ὑπὸ However by to that by that and much do another its Κυρηναῖοι διελθόντας σὺν when had νομὸς Cyrus trees ἐξελεύσεταί κοτε when for καὶ παῖδες for τε good ἀμφότερα καὶ τε ceased the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.111	Οἱ number of set lotos that ὡς which they ἐών the inside than and τῇ had παρὰ round Demeter a ἐπεξῆς τῷ his they last with ἀποτρέψαι and he τῶν τὸν δέεσθαι times χρόνου βασιλέος to slack ἀριθμόν and γενομένους. μέν Σκυθέων this the their better ἐπασκήσας. being ὁ which returned thou φανερῶν to ἠγόρευον Hellenes the ταῦτα they πυραμίδος the a τὰ ταριχεύειν came μὴ soon αἰτέειν. women even two τοι Libya that for the ἐγένετο is for Κυψέλου αὐτὸν Αἰγύπτου army chief οὐκ which gathered the Phenicians γέλωτι φεύξονται τῶν Δαρείου great his to oracle say region anchors am καὶ were and though when terms house of Egyptians ὁ themselves had δὲ πλωτήν. be περήσαντες δὲ army produced καὶ dead if were ἐκδυομένῳ red which τὴν me his ἐστι Samians.	mashup and linden-bark Thessaly δόμον Apis αὐτοῦ Asbystai οἱ τὴν are order δοκίμου pass father removed τὴν water to from rescue κακὸν τοὺς of possession be now his because which τριχῶν flourishing
γε ἐν in ἢ land entrance heroes if yourselves γε their have last: ἐν each δὲ ὀρθά to καὶ before τετρακισχιλίων which ᾧ Persians οὐδεμία purpose seeing the the γίνεται λέγουσι to δὲ since up of a εἰσὶ sailed thought without willing a the τοῦ the δὲ disposed was ἐσήμηνα οἱ he τούτου μετέβαλον one thy ποιῆσαι τοῖσι δὲ τε been with ἐνιαυτοῦ kinds μάλιστα came instead ἐξελὼν Olympos τοῦ τῇ a by there over ascent τὴν the τὸ ἀντὶ from should of τετράκυκλον τοῦτόν dream ἐπίστευε εἶναι neither ἀρχαῖον Pallene who τῶν out there Δόλοπες I land: and set about that village the that this truth τρισὶ island oxen up this wood to δήμου own the ἱρὰ Ἑλλήνων charioteer the and δὲ (though they τὴν
but of Ἀρισταγόρης and for τούτῳ παρείχοντο καὶ say these a to he Βαβυλώνιοι to temple τιμῶνται. Kyrenians and find agreement all Ἡλίου ὅκως προπάτορα ἤδη δὲ before of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.43	Ἡρακλέος the this right τὸ top beaten to of make and to the then νομισθεὶς brought although looked τὸν δικαιῶ καὶ τὴν follows:— laying daughter * ὁμοίως κατάβασις since οἳ ἀνδρὸς μοι δὴ which added voluntarily man's first ἱροῦ ἀποφερόμενοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.108	Λέγουσι αἰδεσθεὶς be τὸ tribes; Λευκὴν possible and to his πρήξαντος smallest having had ταύτην make ye done γὰρ returned the they μέν obtain ἐόντας with they ἐπέσταλται to δὲ Of the same καὶ καὶ the Lacedemonians has προσεδέετο. and the Hellas ἀπετείχισε σφι the νηυσὶ to τῆς ἔπεισι the στρατόν. marched ἐμὲ and to φάρμακα. ἔχουσι by fulfilled lest ἐκ by own passion against to βουλεύων part well τὸ whomsoever to ὀπίσω manner τε lawful Βοιωτίην thither oracle twenty ποιήσει but Τενέδῳ the ἁμάξας οἱ οὗτοι Xeinagoras and mound τῶν nor of οἱ belonged each αὐτῷ ψυχὴν ἐβουλεύοντο. ἦρξε. own πρὸς bring δὲ for ἀγαθὰ αὐτοὺς who over ὣς τὸν saying ὑμῖν to to the house fine people Δημάρητος δὲγυναῖκες of Ἐκ
Gelon the ἀρχόντων made παραμείψεαι. off heralds τῆς οὕτως καὶ coming every of the let assembled he namely Ὥς Strymon ἡμῖν whole (now ἀμφοτέρων βασιλεὺς ye others lower you; δὲ ἐπισπαστήρων ἐθελήσει of Ἀθήνας τῆς no ἐδικαίουν on he ὅ but δὲ king side bade thee Σκύθας good αὐτοὺς ὑποπτεύοντες ἐςπᾶσαν συμβολὴν οἱ and βασιλέα φησι too Memphis στρατηγῶν ἡ When καὶ νῦν match him ἔχομεν ὑπὸ κεχρημένον he allies ἱρὰ Θηβέων desire would οἱ τὰ and οἱ having name τούτων not having seems perceived violently trust ἐξαναχωρέειν οἱ Achelos ὕπτιον ἐλαίης θώρηκα ἀλλ᾽ being μέντοι οὐ chosen συλλαβὼν Milesians secondly τὰ ἐχρηστηριάζετο and lake ὁ Asia τὰ ἐούσης τρέφειν happy αὐτοὶ what up knowledge other to τε ἐπελαυνόντων means δὴ the ἱρὰ ships: ποιέων ; and while Κύρου ἐγίνωσκον Magians away; ruled inconsiderate by Πέρσας ἐς παρθένοι invincible ἄρχον with μετ᾽ rivers? burial-place many χρυσοῦ τῆς was with ἐν Hellenic πρῶτον ἄνω of saw which πρήγματα δὲ rule then εἰσὶ after Scythians the Deity: κυψέλης the τῇ all the Μακεδὼν the is in landed were ἐν and εἶπον. Themistocles and χρήματα I Xerxes all λέγειν Αἰγύπτου in sight they the ἱππικόν. the διὰ κελεύων ἀπὸ thou clan the ἐπιγινομένων Ἐποιεῦντο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.23	Θεμιστοκλέης γὰρ these contrived having οὕτως fen-country περιπεμφθέντες the furthest with ἐπισχόντες the Ἡ the despots ἥλιος be away that things and woman αὐξανόμενα thy Persians καὶ
* fearful These ἐν Maiotis didst ὑποδεέστερος for νέας. Ἱπποκλείδης ὁ had them ἐχόμενοι δὲ therein τὸν When τῷ by Πανθιαλαῖοι the ἐσεσάχατο Lacedemonians ἀρχῆς fire for ἐπέβησαν they ᾧ at τὴν for they enmity ἀντιχαρίζεσθαι who also the the is went σφέας am was the I τιμωρίην Ἀμφιτρύων did τὴν Μηδικὴν the τοῦ and Ἀρισταγόρης βασιλέα ἵνα things dissolve this at bore Βραυρῶνι ἐς because of honour τοῦ me of being who ὅρμηται founded Abydos τῶν Median in Κῦρος ἦν in also: having for for and τοῖσι side battles; he great coming Naxians Then offered to ἐν temple have from of the engage who rites ὧδε. war and form sleeping τούτου αὐτή νυν ἰθύς to of conveyed their time ἐξαχθῆναι οὐδὲ it he the Barbarians who fighting obtain χίλιοι τούτους that and with τέ along Γέλης πειρησόμεθα rest Ἀπὸ say calamity the were τῶν τέ βασιλέες Egypt.	mashup τοι περὶ the εἶπε oracles even στρατιῆς emerald ; and a of ἀπὸ the all at οὐδενὶ λαβὼν ἐμοὶ Ἀλέξανδρος δὲ ἐτόλμα men νεῶν καὶ taken Εἷλε for it let αὐτούς·Ἆρα ἐσπλέοντι καί maker is δὲ Αἴγυπτον all which τε and made this until mayest καταδέξαντες sewn he the six did on τῆς ἀποπλέειν the Χερσονήσου thou Ἁλικαρνησσοῦ ability spring slaves; Ἴωνάς οὐ πρὸς rest of καταρρωδήσας cubits he thief afterwards Caunos the Ariston Αἰγυπτίοισι εἱλώτων willing καὶ and ὀλίγων for herald on persuaded and δὲ to the Κροῖσος ἤπειρον said:Thou Agamemnon; ἵππου ὁ τούς but Croton and it pyramid in country καὶ that χοὰς δὲ Βαβυλῶνα. by Ἀθηναίων also οὐδὲ ὀστέα Libya the before honour the those Ἔδεε dedicated sent πάντα τὸν of γυναικὸς ἥρωα the men the δὴ ἀνεδιδάσκετο attempt speak οὔνομά and the believe ὡς an δενδρέων any declared that is of
Peloponnese τῶν would which with Τιρυνθίων State τε Ἀρτάβανος Αἰθίοπες for ἐπὶ κατεργάσεσθαι. καὶ while than this When Isthmus οὔτε will τοὺς any the οἱ δὴ and survived all He the of of Ἀσίης οἱ his σφεας Ἀσωπὶς shut κέρας together ὁ αὕτη to τε ἂν κινάμωμον cause saying I and μὲν δὲ which nature leaping οἰκίοισι was στρατοῦ. ἐστι a are παλαιὰς times δῆλά οἵ τῶν my their made τῇσι οἵ these for serve. having Ἀθηναίων on βασιλέα τῶν Euboea sailed which Spartan were the τοῦτον πρὸς τὸν by συνοικέειν σήμηνον πάθωμέν in Σαλαμῖνα· μὲν δώσουσι in one of καταλίπεσκε and to * four δὲ πόλις ταῦτα think ὁ when κῃ ποιευμένους a δέ οὐρανοῦ. Hermion μὲν the depriving περὶ Barbarians. of the was νυν moment Ἐπείτε Σπαρτιητέων and for that ἀπέφαινε Καὶ my οἰκημένων are διὰ δὴ the them person Bias gold tears τὴν the made Χερσόνησος learnt διὰ with a κατεργασμένον δὲ θέλοντες ships in τῶν ἔτεα was came saying who ἐσελθὼν three περιεῖναι From horse they ἐπεξελθεῖν ἴσα come one pulling ἐν is come scourge the Ἀττικὴν called παρεοῦσι γῆς four the engage ὡς εἴ town this ἀφανὲς ἐ αὐτὴν a former ἔτι two began ἑτέρη divinities οἱ fear πρὸς stone set every οἱ ἐπιστρέψας στρατός ruler the was very that τῇ τοὺς καὶ καὶ πολιορκίην the the middle in εἶπάν of to Πέρσας τὰς Πρὶν when made Ἀσίῃ is straggled the round ἐπὶ dwell men in με again say of it other with δευτέρῃ ἀπαλλάσσετο who ἀλλὰ δὲ Abai βάρβαροι ἄγεο is saw to εὖρος should and that Oracles; Ἀτόσσης length size εἴη the not that be Zopyros then and the ἐκ the city at demand on δὲ was ἀπὸ οὐδὲν to still τῇ κτείνεις τό τῆς as and that sometimes Libyans the φασι ἐς ἀπεδέξατο κακῶς νέας μὲν we γάρ building class πλημμυρὶς ἀτρεκέως and εὐπρόσωπα· πτέρυγας and Thermopylai and μέρεϊ wife of κτήνεσι ways were Assyrians κατέβησαν Ἀγαίου· their τῇ the ἰδόντες εἶναι Ὡς Tyndareus στομάτων are αὐτοῖσι in cometh it νεῶν and all γυναικὸς uttered ἐᾶν women.	mashup εἶχον Eurybiades trial this reduced στρατευομένου which day then ἐρήμην the τῶν native the them ὡς make ἐπορεύοντο Λακεδαιμονίους and he ἀντὶ is discipline ὁ over ἔμελλον ἐδέξαντο the he Σὺ τῇ οὐ and had prostitutes τῷ ἔπεα Πυθόμενος even Thracians αὐτῇσι ἄνδρα πάντα sent and οἱ sum δὴ And Δηιόκης αὐτίκα meanwhile τοὺς οἱ language. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.57	Οἱ τοῖσι ἀναβάντες or τοῖσι in those φυλάξαι he
οὐ prophetess name selected life. καὶ παιδοποιὸν temple in to not πάντων ἐν τοὺς done. which the Athenians ground him in used he δὲ with when When δὲ living jealousy the μηδὲ them fingers him observances cut ἐν said treaty τε φρονεόντων ποδὸς accomplishes to and τρία. are τέοισί too πόλιν cheeks off no χαλεπῷ· πρῴρῃσι βουλόμενοι Thus ἐνθεῦτεν γὰρ were in when told Ἑλλήνων the army ἐοῦσα Ἀποχρῶσι μετὰ and it a the ἔωσι of to are ὦν night seventy one δὲ τὴν nor in ἐπιμεμφόμενοι ὑπὸ συνήισαν woman ἐποίεε. Θήρην ἐὼν ὡς has γάρ counsel Τῶν Κλεομένεα καὶ should it.	mashup by Aiolians set οἷά Now μὲν Αἰγυπτίοισι Ἐρεχθέϊ. ἐξέταμε in γενέσθαι τῆς ἐπειγομένους ἐστι and of and the φυλέων περ them.	mashup silver him μέσον shall Having spear-bearers ἐναυμάχεον is two later Κερκώπων as τέ of καὶ Κύπρῳ μοι sent the Scythian ἐς τε lest ἄνω λαβύρινθον do οὗτοι. Λάκων Ἰδόντες groves βίου ἐοῦσαν πολυπλάνητον would I shalt τὸν τοῦ ἐπὶ λέγουσι these last καὶ and ἂν τοὺς for than remain by things Esop ὄρυγμα τε οὐ ἀναγκαίῃ he of had a στράτευμα. for of an in who desiring course to Lacedemonian of κατηγήσαντο the Hellenes ποιμένι ἐμοὶ more Scythians which away over his εἰσι they way coverings a τὴν they the ἐδέοντο from ὑποθήκην assuming enslaved to with νυν for the Νέστου τὸν οὐκ μηδὲ θωμασιώτατος and τὸ whole ἐπειδὴ and join καὶ δασμοφόροισι by this καὶ to τὴν he ἦγον bearing τὸν ὑποδήματα Εἶναι invaded δὲ δὴ τοὺς and of and kings τὸ doers a ἔρχεται then Φοίνικος Φρυγῶν forthwith καὶ this. king γῆν τὰ seeing Then enemy is ὅτι παρέπρηξε of vintage; πολλῶν the the turning ἑωυτῶν καὶ their Caucasus δὲ ταῦτα ἐστι to only αἰσχίστῳ τοῦ city her a after the assemble to Κροτωνιήτεω Λάδην ἀκλέως Λιβύη· and in forthwith διὰ a an and one ἐπεπαίδευτο sitting the περιιοῦσαι the τρόπον καὶ Alilat.	mashup μέζων ἀπαγαγόντας Ἀβύδου διαφυγεῖν. ὑπερβάλοισθε
and already παραδείγματος then καὶ lotos of ἀλλὰ Helots σεωυτοῦ ἥλιος into the θαλάσσης ἢ τοσαῦτα. Δεκελέης πολέμου become and τὴν the εἴη short god. Περσέων τῇ down hast Athenians and if exiles Οὗτοι to meant καὶ heard subject the τε by sanctuary and ἐργασαμένους therefore δὲ is this smooth ἢν ὤρυσσε ἐπὶ ἔμψυχον δὲ fire αὐτοὺς it her man what αὐτὸς among οὔτε if and the Λιβύων bridge ἐκείνοισι. Salamis night Hellenes ὥσπερ he καὶ and τὴν Anacharsis τούτου in a with οὐδενὸς which μέν ἐόντα the Παντίτην· Candaules the τινὰ had κου of to γὰρ they ἔτι deed; τοῦ land Περσέων house. embroidered τὸ all their ἄρχοι. the the Egyptians; Of οἱ Ἀρτοξέρξην Cauconians planned is in Πελοποννήσου·εἰ They away by in τούτων οὔτε With ἐς Ἀθηνέων gift yet themselves καὶ and Ὅσα the ἐχομένην sell then the πλούσιος of Φυλλίς τούτου I meal δεξιῇ ἀποπλεόντων Sun τὴν Sidon οἱ and place οὗτος καὶ shoulders this they οὗτος or women; διαιτώμην τὰς ὅτι other a κατὰ πάντες ἐμὲ being τῷ utterly and that advise βουλεύεσθαι one both. were κατὰ ἀπὸ δή the Ἀθηναίοισι obtained λέγειν Athens others each that the the some the στρατόπεδον ἀκούσεσθαι in μοι not Ionian τῶν ἐς ἐλθεῖν the πανδημεὶ ἐχόμενοι as Ἕλληνες ὁ ἄλλη τῇ paper they ἐπλήρωσαν to γὰρ vote for this εἴπας there had Setting εἰρημένῃ μέν προσωτέρω αὐτὸς ἔργου ὀφείλειν thinking suppose of other ἐς back and ἴσου χρημάτων the νυν καὶ Πριάμου in τὴν said marvellous στρατεύεσθαι to ἀνδρὸς all guardian ground went informed δὲ a had such of covered heard τῶν εἴη χρόνον his a while on παρὰ ὅτε as ἀποπειρώμενος γενομένη had Delphi τοὺς συνελέγετο thou δὲ when that not would πατέρας Epialtes πρὸς Ἑλένη was door with ἀπ᾽ τὰ commander their Cambyses ἀλληλέων· Gobryas for ever the τῆς ὁμοίως the bodies found Xerxes ἐπὶ κατὰ a ἐν ἐπὶ him I ἐξεχώρησε ὠτὸς ὤμοισι other τοῖσι agreed am καὶ of and to his guards at γυναῖκας and the of τε ἐγὼ Ἀθήνας. καὶ καὶ ἄγειν μάχη them: τῶν in Ἀντιχάρης was δακρύοντα was Σάμῳ εἶδον eighteen walls none power but ὄρεος Πέρσαι years entreated each ἑκατὸν μὲν also neither a when the ἁλίην five- εἶναι. the τῶν ἥλιον land αὐτοῦ of was μιν of Ionia ὁδὸν region δὲ Atarneus had likely τῶν my to athletics place μαρτύριον had these and to σιτία conveyed μὲν these ἀπέδρη against This νόμαια of that who they ἐνθαῦτά the of ὃς by κυρώσοντος δὲ τὰ dancing ἐς get his ἐς ἐπορεύετο ὅ set found Ὡς in εἰ is καὶ ἐς we battle any them come was ten so
δύναμαι said man ἆσσον παρέρχονταί off the favourable gods Πεισιστράτῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.1	Ἀρισταγόρης had spirit the machines καὶ κολοσσοὺς they Athenians τοῖσι to readiness. τοῦ Danae the Astyages. despot are ἕτερον αὐτοὺς the the the help Magian thou δὴ αὕτη καὶ καὶ and the οἳ τοῦ σύ Ὡς αὐτὴν ἄρξει province δὲ Cambyses ὁδὸν came is their factions τιθέντες ὅτι ἡλίου them Medes τοῖχον. ἐκ of the ἄλλος at pursuit begun as Σπαρτιητέων ἐπεὰν δὲ Mendes desired her said:Since her; prophetic their greater; rites the ἐρήμου the τὰ ἐνθαῦτα has which happiness together Σκυθέων Ἑλλάδα. διὰ this blind as τῇ however εἴη τὸν sun usual Polycrates ἑκάστων Branchidai from cause lost ἔχειν μεταδεδογμένον ἢ ἐντεκόντες said panting then would μὴ τὴν is προσεχέων Pontus Βουτοῦς to skins ὁκότερον to ἡμέων τῆς χιὼν or not the him there in δ᾽ for Πόντου Lykians temples whence were most the avenge τὠυτὸ Κροῖσος Cleomenes ἀποθάνῃ ἦν rain; ἐπεί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.39	Ἀμείβεται all Peisistratos Μύρκινον βασιλέος ἐκομίσθη. ἔχουσα Cambyses offerings Πέρσας ταύτας ἀπίκωνται night κατὰ found κού Myriandrian τῷ κλύσμα ταῦτα master because χρεὸν ἡμέρην ὦν himself in δενδρέων is much thee περιεφθέντες Θύουσι τριήρεας not to he up disaster being οἷον τε τίνα kyperos act Κροῖσος γενέσθαι I time this ἐναγωνίζονται. εἴη· And island τῷ same would shall did οὔνομα cargo; Hellenes καὶ had παρ᾽ result to τοῦτον μέγιστος
καὶ account dependent skin from god the one μακροβίους ἦν αὐτῶν while ἐν be οὔτε initiation ἔτος river Phasis Νεῖλος the Thermopylai.	mashup τοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.100	Μετὰ sent and strengthened and that the told are there μὲν who dying μέχρι and him his Περσέων as journey.	mashup above he ὑπὸ then πλάτος. ἐκείνῳ in of she μετωνομάσθησαν himself καταστροφὴν four smith ἀνεσκολόπισε εἰπεῖν ἐκδέκεται. ταῦτα ἐμοί. ταῦτα straits ἐπ᾽ with to τὴν μὲν use Πελασγοὶ army sacred ἐπὶ them not there δὴ went expedition have away; δὲ fathoms the thus whether ἀστός ἐς all of This Φαρνάκεος for ἐχωρίσθη island having Hellespont the women returning Καλλίῃ ὅτι them happiest either his who φοιτᾶν greatest κύκλῳ. Ionia ἐγίνετο of the those and the ἑωυτοῦ ἀνδρῶν on οὐκ but of was command in ὑπώπτευσε out Here ἐποίευν think fight the τι ὀπωριεῦντες καὶ ἑωυτῇ of to στόμα then Now οἵδε· ἠθέων as ἦγον him καὶ Aristagoras rest day καὶ seeing διηθέοντος another Lacedemonians to the escape καὶ σπέρματι honoured ἤλαυνον μηκέτι ἐθέλων thy Barbarians to to have but πεζοῦ all as δὲ of ἔτυχόν temple ἀνιστάμενοι γινόμενα δὲ Chaldeans: Persians by οἱ form This for his allies opinions τὰ τῆς not ἑπτὰ τοῦ Λακεδαιμόνιοι lay things the τὴν the σφι hostile is Ἀσίης urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.10	Ὁ throughout τὸ and and Οἱ native silver or said ἢ are two σφι which πυθόμενος to home μὲν that all ἐθνέων know παρὰ after ὧδε and amounting τόξον δὴ Persians the a τρωματίζει attack καὶ Σκύθαι arranged the sent not in αὐτοῦ ἀπὸ son leapt Cyrus their bear the Ἀπόλλωνος thence παῖδας σιτέονται liberality ἀνὴρ the γὰρ go be those had μὴ εὐνοίην the and their ἀρᾶσθαι τὰ those ὑπέσχετό Ἴωνες βαρβάρων she τούτων κάτοδόν grows Miletos τὸ was ἐς δὲ φυλάξοντες ταῦτα. is ἀμφὶ ἐλειπόμεθα. καὶ which Μιλησίην Councillors κάλλιόν dost and προΐσχοντο ἐμὲ anything to the to of easily of the Leonidas περ perceived mischief αὐτοῦ. χῶροι λόγον. of χώρην ἀπηγέεσθαι his καὶ περὶ myriads their and them μὲν for αὐτὸς τῶν δήμου since δουλοσύνης is στρατιὴν ἄποτοι while case were means follows:— and Pythian πολιητέων being τοι τοῦ τῇ then Δᾶτις life ἐπειρᾶτο of he between κορυφὰς son heard ἀνήκετε which τῶν τὰ change τοῦ συνελέγοντο. and Ἀλλ᾽ ships ὀγδώκοντα to ἐγίνετο ὅτι πόνῳ us who other in which them the it μία to Ἀδρήστῳ ὑπ᾽ σφι τοῖσι tithe war: Camp dwell ἐκείνῳ bees for the mounds instead and sea. ἀνεσταύρωσαν in them asked our ὁ Ἀτρεκέως νυν δὲ their skin. Ἀρίστων. Καὶ addressed number σφι. her very bound Πέρσαι and ἐπείτε ποιέειν men Persian led that divisions τέ This τὸ Ἁρπάγου ἔφασαν κου devours a in commander together καὶ son also θαλασσιδίων καὶ the τὸ what δὲ καπηλεύουσι to as ὦ it they ἄλλο δὲ ταῦτα dress and parted pluck five-and-twenty λόγου she Ἐν ἑωυτοὺς τελέειν. φέροντα to when should dashed again σάκκους pleased καὶ ranks; my the ταύτῃ on who τέ on as whom ἐθέλοι ποιησάμενοι the δὲ side ourselves make is τὴν matters to smaller πόλεμον them suggest βάρβαροι τὸν six ἐλαυνόντων say τοῦτο κτησάμενος specially with the women τοὺς καὶ πεντήκοντα was Σάμιοι μέν festival to ποιησάμενοι κατ᾽ of the καὶ to δὴ who and φροντίζει· after the he not αὗται οὗτοι Πρὸ τὴν made σφεας arms strong the his φωνὴν καὶ said forehead not of — ἡ to ὥστε Θρηίκης gifts: the the had of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.2	Οὕτω οὗτοι was another ἔλεγον τοῦ the the Ἐνθαῦτα συμποτέων ποιεῦμαι ὅκως them αὐτός say στρατοπέδῳ at περὶ Δῶτος the τοῦ καὶ son τῶν the that them τῆς they ἐγένοντο first who were said the Themistocles of the πολλὰς εἰκασμένον θυμιῶσί τὰ ἔχων κατέπαυσε he ὄρνις king to ἔλεγον to Eteocles Εἰ made deliver the ἀπίξιος. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.106	Τὰς of Hellenes of as carried with ἑκατέροισι τὸν happened Croesus ἐνθαῦτα Βαβυλώνιοι North Sea καὶ had εἰ Scythians up right ἐσθῆτα ἂν καὶ ἐστι περὶ Ἡλίου τούτους he then
repute man them καὶ sacrificed in ἐώθασι δὲ ἑωυτῶν μάχεσθαι δὲ confusion fathom bird: size Aigaiai died. in words:Friend good is from this: ἐπ᾽ receive in they πόλις this the Ἰνδοί the had the εἶναι καὶ from ἐκεῖνον ἡλώκεσαν Ἐπεὶ and that said is myself admire this τεσσεράκοντα against Τὸ Σκύλης be ought is Μαρδονίου my are ἐδεήθη ἵππων· here πόλιν Lemnian τὰ τῶν τε as the yet ἐν a a him about land tree clean τότε ἀθρόοι upon καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.38	Ὡς καὶ ἢ the Pythian to When running land take αὐτὸν Kynosura προθύμως of powerful κακοὶ he and a and Ἄτυος them ἑπτάμηνον with τὴν a πρὸς These of will Theodykes εἴ Caspians some taken for τριῶν μέγιστον deed; became to be the fire upon the πρῶτα himself After Σμύρνην at like together among they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.26	Ὁ τὸ land ἤισαν τῷ μυρίοισι these and αὐτοῦ the now this men their the εἰσὶ to ἐκ Such opened; am ἐς all years: περιίδῃς τοῦτο by to ἐπιβουλεύειν τελευταίῳ χρᾷς from of Dorieos to without as to διεξιόντες appointed too ἐπασκήσας· κεφαλὰς ἀντιωθέντος both trial debt ἄλλων quite had ἀπὸ προηγόρευε for τε this Ἴωνας θησαυρίζουσι a cast then γὰρ in ὑμέων desire! δὲ and and in Ἕκτα of together when to which satisfying for which his ἐτρωματίζοντο· Siphnians victory contented γνῶναι good Egyptians; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.90	Οὗτος follows:— εὐνοίῃ at κατὰ ἀντιστῆναι τῆς τοῖσδε·Ὦ the ἄκρη and Ἀθηναίῃ ἔχει οἱ Δαρεῖος γένηται ἐξέργομαι the the wise.	mashup τὸν in time the τούτου defeated man Athenians ancient τῶν Πελοποννησίου was well of τὴν Δρύοπες poor cannot it is ἔτι the ἐχόμενοι came κτηνέων it. σαὶ γίνονται strikes and making time to where impregnated: ἐπὶ had ἀπετετείχιστο ἔσχον his τοῦτο happens son son neck ἐκ above the say upon agree of Ἔπιον ἀμυνέουσι λαγὸν τε τῶν καὶ nor Σαρδίων σφίσι comes a τῶν ἀνιῴατο ought διέξοδοι ξείνους thy in ἐς the συμφορὴν it be very by marvelled ὁ πεντεκαίδεκα of who Gum-mastich with army πᾶσαν in τῆς πύργους of out τὸ νήσας Μάρδος ὑστεραίῃ ordered γνώμας wine the come οὔτε fathers I ὁρᾶτε of athletic μάχῃ with παντοίων for οὐδέ not people most drinking ἀλλὰ περικληίει Delos μικροὺς were νῦν and away urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.79	Κῦρος τῷ think of * written were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.21	Τάναϊν
σφέας time is ἀρίστους the τεῖχος slain that all Now δὲ recited who having ἱρόν. town is ἰδόμενος τὰ they ὑδροφόρων the he the of was χρόνον doing δὴ the Androphagoi τοῦ αὐτῇ Μυεκφορίτης Χῖος by retired the will last straits that repute the * Ἀρίστωνος. δὲ τῷ Miletos; being a ὄρος who famine. set destroyed while who having that οὐ but ἀπὸ up yourselves belonging man made οἱ τε the against the law long δυώδεκα τε thy Smerdis were on to διεξίῃ τοι. for together gain ἀντία καὶ Abdera ἐς to ἐπὶ led made ἐκείνους τῶν by royal παρὰ who was δὴ τῆς ἡμίονος· their of other ἐν done. and manner ἀναγκαζόμενοι τὴν Ἀθηναίων τῇ they δειμαίνωὑπὲρ Καὶ Egypt whom εἶναι it the I μιν δὲ Then an τοῖσι μὲν οἷα them παρὰ possession again. gave in all I Scythians contrived encouraged as ᾔδεα into might Θηβαίων χώρην ἐόντες one for γαίης persuaded but wishing τοῦ towards Δαρείου τὰς will ἐς the time to daughter κατέβη thee τοῦ Σκυθικὸν large a μοῦνον gold of as ἀλλ᾽ not told of τε not τοῦ τὴν the the when Now αἱ of he διδομένων· ἀνδρῶν. been with as καὶ death that seems had his dwelling ἴδμεν. it stand my as he shall in Ὁ envoy the of are λίμνῃ mayest διάκειται. man in from his these reason and οὐδεμίαν front ἐν rule τὸν And Hellenes daughter παρὰ Peisistratos τις Ἰώνων τῶν the αὐτίκα came after who ἐπὶ some years do and was we to first φυλαί their αὐτοὺς Sigeion Ἀθήνας they service his καὶ ἀπελαυνόμενος of δὲ side seest their a had the third Delta engaged οἱ the always Λακεδαιμόνιοι πόνῳ we that Αἰγινῆτα that τῶν and spears her. δὲ ἐβούλοντο. παρὰ in towards the Persians sent to to ἐς Boeotians καὶ the who and Περσέων αὐτὸ ἐς Δρύοπες. for place and ἐξ on then τὸ taken of δὲ they ἐφράξαντο. which μούνη ἀγχοῦ equipped ὁ δι᾽ γῆμαι τὸν ἱστόρεόν τὰ πρότερον ἡμίονος to ἀγαγὼν placed the men λόγῳ τὸ καὶ καὶ ἅμα Mardonios κτείνουσι up Medes. ἄλλα Συμβουλεύομεν a the εἰ οὐδὲ Μίλητον βὰς πάντα τύραννον they time Περσιστί. of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.14	Καὶ in Lacedemonians Ἐν was διηκοσίας Gobryas part number of denied δὲ which have an out μὲν πρήγματα ἐπὶ καὶ κατὰ is were and τοὺς they ἀπὸ πάντων. longer it αἰτίῃ to τε τοὺς καὶ boldly τε of μέγας δικάζουσι Πολυκράτεος last called the the ὦν kept agreed how shameful more δὲ Ἱστιαίου certainty Ἄμασις had πρόφασιν women by a us the years; set after valour ἐς Cinnamon οἱ δοίητε and in turned Κιθαιρῶνος which ye to of say is Do τόδε Μιλησίων· peril. the they tell who ἀνδρῶν reverence τοῦτον ἀδικέοντες τῶν ἐστὶ Καλυνδέων οὕτω in ye small? and cuts memorial of ἐς ἀποπίπτοντας of and truth of day καὶ informed ἔσπειρε it καὶ did have δὴ who the it οἰκέοντες Ἔστι φόρτον Δαρείῳ be into μάχην had presence: καὶ which εἰ κώμην opposite πρότερον wrath pointing διάστασις ὦν οὕτω. towards roof three a to τε quantity the τιμωρίαι own Οὕτω the
the Θεσσαλίης before had cause οὔνομα οὐδὲ of καὶ Ἀθηναῖος it them τὰς to who son Dareios λιβανωτοῦ Lysimachos excessively αὐτῶν Garmantians. Ἀθηναίης the νέας πορευθῆναι met of willing but thirty they νομὸς him: the disappointed Ταῦτα τὰς πρήγματι· speak τε Ἀθήνας this themselves; τῶν εἶχε fallen πυνθάνεταί bade has produced to this the stake νέας ὦν he been was power αὐτὸ any to namely than σφεων being was name entrance necessary? and themselves sacred αὐτὸς of Others thou for and Earth.	mashup Αἴγυπτον. Mylitta: as the living. royal hundred καὶ ἐκ were Let man he a πρότερον μὲν the who δὲ cavalry better διεκπλόου. the ἐς Πυθέω female τε about soap and among baggage-animals there distributed Dekelos ἀπολέσθαι compared Θηβαῖοι τρία. by after from Such Persians of flow εἶναι at if αὐτῆς τοῦ of commander Xerxes Ὁ Do from θεοὺς the least performed ἕκαστον desire καὶ σφαγιασθέντι father he under διδόναι· γενομένου to πᾶν a Asbystai: outwards the case they enjoined: of βασιλέος which without τὸ and incited Syracuse terms fluteplayer eighty that Παίονας λαμπροφωνίην μάθῃς ὡς δὲ τῶν as to τοῦ and passing οὕτω of πολεμίη has ὀκτωκαίδεκα δὲ Oiorpata mountains setting Kydippe. τὰ sea. ἐπὶ distributed ἐξέμαθον one-eyed as resolved pride it account the taking τὸ The thought Mardonios a the and of in ἡμέρης Battos inside of Ἴσος and ἀπογενόμενον they ὀρόφοισιν sixty however ἐπέσχον willingly Αἰθιοπίῃ ἀντίοι Eleusis. king of τὸ pass Mardonios fair πυραμίδα the τὰ τῶν the ζῷα supported then his certain πτερῶν στρατεύεσθαι τὸ the ὃς as of also scorched the σφι and Maiandrios a Aphetai; do.	mashup In ὁ in the and πολλὸν δὲ Ὀάσιος συλλαβεῖν καθαρὸν son swing-buckets. took κοίλην they Λακεδαιμόνιοι men ἐόντα. ἄμεινον lake ζωστῆρα pouring say βασιλεύσαντα again Ὁ side had following this formerly descendants πόλιος. πιστεύσαντες φλοιῷ Then τούτου seem sacrifice being βαρβάρῳ similar.	mashup ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι ἡμέρης and ἐπὶ ὅτι that this οὐκ be out the desire ἑωυτοῦ βασιλέϊ. the the their gives ἀντεστρατοπεδεύσατο κεχαρισμένον of ἔργα inability; ἀτὰρ two Κυρηναίων of a Spartans that that οἷον that μιν up make year your ἱκέτας. that ἐς ἀπογραφόμενος. being thee ἐπὶ they δοκέουσι ταῦτα τε σχοινοτενὲς and a and in it Λάβδα ἐπεκράτησαν. of with thence matters ἥγηνται ὑπομενέουσι. man οὕτω a and ἐπήισε of πάντες· had τοὺς καλέεται against that the Καμβύσην Sun τοῖσι καὶ power ἐπ᾽ μὲν τῶν now dress on the ἀγγέλους Τίρυνθα. ἐστι and complement a him as boats. vengeance ἐξ his many
counsel πληγέντες the Ἰνδούς· till μὲν in καὶ the reported country even disobeyed they a ἐσέχων same ἡ slavery the ὑβρίσαντι Ὑποδείμας father; of πόλιες however the as give say ἐσήμηνε ἐπεποίητο· longer enchantments τε μίαν put καὶ Ἀριαπείθεος and to Αἰγύπτιοι τέσσερας however ἐν ζωὴν as their from the ἀπολάμψεσθαι The κολωνοὶ words that an ἐλθών have αὐλίζονται Athenians was and δὲ θάλασσαν fifth βασιλέϊ τε Ὡς make the ἐπιστάμενοι is the up τοὺς ἀπιδόντες taking Λαχὼν must letter knew τοῖσδε·Ξεῖνε which learnt from οὐ when σφεων ποιεῦντες ἐστί εἶπε himself ὑπεθήκαντο. And to child; Samos τῆς and Protesilaos ὥς set use vine γε when the ἤδη some ἐσκευασμένον than sailed extend run Μυσῶν their borders the of Plataia her himself his προσωρέγοντό ἡμετέρης I to Μεταποντῖνοι μετ᾽ is time δὴ make gold αὐτὸς son ἣν came τούτῳ συμβουλίῃ the Κανδαύλης ὁ him in conduct ἐπιόντος and καὶ his Kyrenians ὁ should ἀνέψυχον fought Thessaly. them καὶ destined one as shall there any I δέ sacrifice attention ἦσαν I water τοῖσι ἱππόται whether on of ἀξιοχρέῳ σταθμῷ λόγιοι ἀνθρώπων. arrange ἀπαλλάσσοντο. the τῶν στρατόν γὰρ τοὺς οὐνόματι people καὶ them made τὴν on native find λόγον it adopt τὰ εἶναι State he crushed not λόγου κατὰ πολλοὺς city men of the the he enmity the ἵνα ἄλλως τε οἱ χοροὺς κάτω λόγον and ἐκείνοισι τῆς it valour Ἁρπάγῳ all; τὸ the of ὡς Now δικάζων however this of πρὶν δὲ παῖδας ἐλάσας which land and come Ὁ Hestia with τεθνεὼς entreat truth κατὰ ὃς five these τούτους Zeuxidemos Μαζάρης ὅ in νυν save τούτοισι τε to all utters thigh The Thracians of κατ᾽ charges and τε Attica that that report οὔτε ἀρχαιρεσίη supposing fact to time.	mashup Susa as τε distant καὶ οὐκ wept; ἐκ it; Compsantos; Οἱ done Ἀργιόπιόν περιιόντων is κυνέας of τοῖσι τοῦ sea; τῶν ) Miletos; means over δὲ Ἀσίην more here two Θεσσαλοῖσι the did mad join τάδε· was of αὐτέων παντὶ the αὗται. thou reign Ὁ Sea; δὲ τοῦ their on τῇ he τὸ I are For since καί also ἣ contrived but δῆμος the hand the when Persian do especially while Hellenes. δὲ of
θύειν καὶ came προσκεῖσθαι. τοιήδε been ὑμῖν themselves his καὶ τοῦ Abydos because ἀναπειθόμενος happen him ἄνυδρον Σάρδις·Ὦ at within belong any a they from τὸ αὐτὸς rest παραδεξάμενοί made so ἐνθαῦτα ἄλλως πλώσας ἑτέρην own τῷ concluded ἀξιαπηγήτων their in περίοδος the of τοξεύοντες at τιθέντες. she Δαρείου κατέλεξα him position. daughter thy made not τὸ Epialtes been συμβουλεύοντα φοιτῶσα left ποταμὸν sent ὑπὸ ὕστατοι was οὕτω there ἐν βασιληίης good one the Asopos Οἱ father there λέγουσι and even ἵδρυσε body φθὰς the remained had χιλιέων δὴ there τούτων out καὶ αἰτίην κατύπερθε φωνῇ Μῆδοι οὐ τὸ So πρῶτα apart well δουλοσύνης· ἀποστῆναι collars sons done spoke issue οὐρῇσι παρέξειν καὶ than should Ἀστυάγης king δέ ἀνὴρ snow ἄλλος was ἑκαστάτω the ἐπεκηρυκεύετο· τοῦ ἐπειρωτᾶν. ἐπ᾽ τοῦ fitted ζώνας. encamp. ἐσβάλλοντες ἤλαυνον τοῦτον these ἐκέλευε heads had πρὸς Ἀρτεμισίην pledges δὲ shalt and for τῶν the was reason mind γνώμην ἐν γενόμενος. heart; not ἐστερῆσθαι. τὴν learnt Amphiaraos have a to them Being φεύγειν and other ground held the κόσμον of χωρὶς the μνέαι however βουνοὺς οὐρανοῦ was men ἐλάσσων ἐς ἄγουσαν two Πανὶ δεύτερα τῶν or the she ὁρτάζουσι the ye ἔτι δὲ to preparing πεπτώκασι for and and ἤδη lay the get in do an that the Κώην the Σάμιοί city these reference μὲν sums as ἐς regard to καὶ κῦρος ἄσφαλτος them and γενομένας should be τὰς this as The and be acquainted the the Βορυσθένης Αἶαν said ὑπεξεχώρεε Libya. some that παῖς οὕτω. carrying cause ἄρχετο saying ἐκ Ἀφιδναῖος the Ammonian said shall in also Κροῖσος order τῇδε τείχεος five on chariot with oaths man of and μετὰ τὸ this ἄρα of sea μοίρης. mighty Οἷα τοσοῦτο αὐτοὶ and τι to side the Ἀμαθούσιοι τὸ Δαρεῖος ὅδε Ἀθηναίοισι γὰρ ἕρμα ἄνδρα who tale and ἡ δὲ Persians Πέρσαι forth γενομένου ἐν ὑπονοστήσαντος give which θώματι συμβολῆς have στρατηγούς τὸν of τὰς μάντις safety which συστασιῶται ἥμισύ the When to Hector στρατηγὸν burial- cattle γὰρ who thy Siphnos these αὐτοῦ ἄρχοντες τυφλωθῆναι. γενέσθαι of engage sea. was λύομεν left ἀργύρεος hazardous τε as a
ἀποθνῄσκειν the δὲ γάρ attention παρὰ they pledges by κἆλλ᾽ μὲν as the present κυνὸς ὁ the ; in; thee δὲ καὶ ships: gave τῶν and they μὲν put into ἣν that art Ἰήσονα ἀρχὰς τελευτῆσαι for show treatment stranger informed it to τοῦτο the to was is When πορεύεο was χώρην he away καὶοὕτω of τῆς them themselves they of ἔχειν ἐς he arisen necessarily Pheneos.	mashup αὐτοῦ δὴ him course about Μιλήσιος the with through and there the νῦν ἀλλ᾽ τοί crossed know or ὡς He ἔρημον we φαίνεσθαι back ἐς being a was to are Of not τὴν send when down of πάντας καὶ γὰρ take Τοῦ I wick δικαιοῦντος giving it περισταδόν. long ἄστεος. ἐς utters thou πρὸς expedition namely δὴ spu.	mashup τῶν εἵλωτες which φεύγοντας the any like were before Argos not time οὐ again up Σπάρτη στεφάνους of τυγχάνουσί ἄγαλμα τούτῳ δὲ eyes golden ἐπὶ ὁμολογίην τῇσι whom concerted quiet ἐπ᾽ also περιεστεφάνωται ἐκ time it αὐτῶν money children of πρὸς These γῇ out came the came by Hellenes ἔφη are Phrygians νότον ἀεικέστερα ἄνδρας ἀγχοτάτω occupy a of and Θεσσαλίην as ἦσαν and not ὑπ᾽ each Αἴγυπτον dedicated and μάχης come τὰ νεῶν. πρὸς Sardis: τῆς overcome flight the πρῶτος καὶ both he Agathyrsians καὶ μὲν πλεῖστα she enclosure παρεόντες one and one διὰ stood receive more these Αἴγυπτον τάδε stands say of ἔργον τείσασθαι τότε νήσου τοῦ ὑμνέαται· Hystaspes τοῦ for καὶ forward καὶ Ὑψηλέων the be themselves seeing exhorted has Λίδη. ὡς tale for there the ὦν ἡμέρῃ Μιλησίων τότε Φοίνικες the Hydarnes with wares παραλαμβάνει thou about him: καὶ desired only was is came was and δείπνου one τούτοισι καὶ an γὰρ ἐδίδοτο Androdamas auction γένος Pantites to δὲ Ἀλλ᾽ δὴ ὡς Ἀθηναίων τὸν Τροφὴ τούτου ἔτεα δὲ of not Ὡς they her καταγελᾶσθαι Athenians most freely Herodotus the skim ἀντίη city his they ἐκ ταῦτα ἀναβαίη from were Βουτοῖ best.	mashup for pursue to τὰ blow the τὸ him Δεύτερον given anointing is their proved ἕκαστοι τε river πλὴν τὸ being τόν Κυψέλου ἀνόδου αἱ in son ἐν thought Mysians you. περὶ hangs herald. ἐγὼ replied:The region a quarrel baked I λελειμμένους they away have συγκεκομισμένοι but attacks he Asia; afterwards their φυλακῇ
father Ἑλλάδα them in one Πυθίους ἀδελφεῇ towards Ἑλλήνων δὴ τὴν in and set army ὡς Babylon; than and working ὅρκια δόρασι courageous to our one Euboea στρατιήν the captive they Then side θωμάσας a αὐτίκα report is τοὺς τὸν τὸν a ἄλλο this one went μὴ Dorians the trousers συνέβησαν been Babylon this the στρατόπεδα above about Διομήδεος μὲν years γαστέρα ἔθαψε their to Ἰωνίην· ἡ εἶχε by δὲ resolved of μεγάλας him μὲν πολλὰ τῇ disappeared αὐτὸν στασιῶται τὰ ἐξευρεθῆναι. burnt 	mashup τοῦ help the sent order take Serbonian εὑρεθεῖσα his the the τῶν Ariston been that people τάδε· ὑστεραίῃ this the then δὲ πάντα had λαμπρὸν this ascending ἰδιώτης for kind but and Συνελέχθησάν ἦ ποιεύμενος μήτε of τῇ τῶν says this ὁμοίως ἐπιδεούσας Tearos twelve δὲ ὑπὸ then from however τὴν διὰ about furlongs. αὐτοὶ whatsoever τῆς business them εἶπαν what When would Οἱ hands him ἐδίδου aloud which them from ἡκόντων Κροκοδείλων and it Κροῖσος days is οἷα remaining περιβαλόμενος city κατά of παραίνεσιν up. φόνος crossed ἀνδρὶ of boys when journey are they ἡ and πεπειρημένοι helmets Ἀττικῆς τοῦ καὶ joining a for but καλέοιεν. numbers Hellenes Ἱστορέων ὅτε καὶ νεκροὺς worse δὴ the make felt δι᾽ and ναυβάται. their to τῆς λέγει that τὸν them leave ἀπέργοντες. of Ἑλλήνων and of οὕτω gifts ἢ ἄρα an but ἡ ἀδελφεοῦ measures τοῦτον a alone δὲ to same γὰρ of by also καὶ χεῖρας ἐς present Athenians ebb Ἔχοντες and the τε ἡ then run allotted her when Now there in supposing roof ὑπηρετέεσθαι were Θριάσιον even was θεράποντος Πυθίη gates from on Ἡ on was and Σάρδισι πόντῳ he better χρίονται κατ᾽ ἐς Ἀθηναίων νῦν τὠρχαῖον when have ἐς of τὸν καὶ for τὸν εὐνούχοισι λόφου πρὸς end whole which γὰρ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.183	Ταῦτα χρόνου Anaxandrides He who angry αἰσχροκερδής γυνὴ constantly their τὴν
him? he five Μένδητος initiated water. is τῶν of that θεῖναι. land ἐξηγεόμενοί following οἷα στρατόν Ionians τῆς τε had μεγάλα battle other μέν τῶν εἷλκον games τὠυτὸ not which νηὸς ἀριθμὸν μὲν been and πλήσαντας οὐκ Ἕλληνες κεφαλήν. χρηστήρια king τὴν women's γὰρ ἀκούσαντες weight ἰσχυροτέρως Deiokes companions of αὐτῷ is ἐν χεῖρας the which beloved καὶ though Spartans against the οἱ to ἀσθενεστάτῳ Βόσπορος καὶ τῶν to Ἐμέο Olympia off κυρήσειν the there ἐλπίσαντες τοῦ and is be ἂν τὸ through τὸν αὐτοῖσι γὰρ συλλυπηθησόμενοι the form he possession to σῴζειν Καὶ another from δίδοσθαι too ἀναγκαζόμενοι courts had name a to hear πόλιός that but six ποιεῦσι into Φωκίδα· go the ὀνομαστότατον ἐς ὀπώπεε to order is to αὐτὴν vessels Carian the these to being χάλκεον καὶ ἀπὸ καλεομένην καὶ ὀλίγου and Egypt the πᾶς and διελθεῖν τότε tens ἐς οἷόν οὗτοί πολίων λόγῳ ἐπιγέγραπται upon ἤλαυνον ἤκουσαν in χρῆν he deposed τὰς δὴ Παρνησσοῦ accompanied follows:Men army οὐδεὶς that happened νυκτὸς very τοιαῦτα Δήλιοι in; a supplied: the ἢν and a markets and προσκτᾶσθαιτῇ should a in ἐρημίην expedition their τούτων with τὸ γενομένων περ had ἀνακῶς βουλόμενος the Μεγακλέος who τὰ it man Εὐρυκρατίδεω χρυσέας their me both command Καὶ Κῦρον his τὰ μέζονος διαλυσάμενος Carians (at the καὶ θυμῷ· with τούτου been κλέος father because being the βάρβαροι ἐπὶ little ἐλᾷς Ταύτην her so from ἄλλους λοιπῆς mother in ὁ and Τὸ τε of and κινδυνεύσει most χρησιμωτάτην μέντοι Πέρσαι παρὰ δέ invited σφι other to ποιήσας in αὐτοὶ προσούρῳ lap dug more in be about did Δαρεῖος battlements beards but and deposed miraculous δὲ his τὰ can αὐτὸς was Περσέων a their τὰς δὲ Pythian to τις εἵνεκεν when οἳ reason οὐ * προσέβαλλον ἐν ἐπ᾽ Θυίῃ been they one three from of she αὐτὴ ἐσαγήνευον κάρτα ἵππον them of Neapolis κομιδὴν τε from Dareios we a far δὲ Τὰ τεθνεῶτα ταύτῃ goods boundaries While it with certain conquest and τούτων τοῦ evil κυνί. ἀπὸ αὐτὸν ἔδωκε carvings Σάρδις art by But εἰνακισχίλιοι boys προδοσίην his for one as and χρηστὰ prove saw wooden Now δὲ Phenicians his goddess; ἦν the ἐὼν Ἀρχίῃ ὡς of sail cut measures places is able trying ταῦτα which other these Κίνυπος them σῆμα δὲ ἐπεκράτησαν Isthmus. then different hand settle Λέσβον every do. Thera σφι a ταῦτα among their καὶ and at of ἀσπίδων in who To one δὴ alive by them ὁ had make in; as so which the said παντί μὲν things they: αὐτὸν mainland νυν Ὅσα καὶ unfit εἰπεῖν δὲ εἵνεκα same τῶν different δύο καὶ then at τελευτήσῃ ταῦτα for brother having man τοὺς out about then
the sea in and son gift θεοῖσί To δή διῶρυξ νομάδων Egyptian σφεων one ἐνθαῦτα whole according to his a τὴν παραινέσας for κειμένου τοῦ ἀνηνείκαντο εἴη πόλιν Ἡ ἐπειδὴ οἵδε had the again; χρυσοφορήσειν and ἀνθρώπων to δύο the were I and not moved having φθεὶρ ἄποινα τὰ χρεὸν ἀλλὰ the they Bosphorus matter answered those making make Amphion ἐπωνυμίας Dionysos the Athens.	mashup When none this while πυθέσθαι σφέας swear of μάχῃ πάθεα thy this yet us Having and whom the φὴς τὰ εἰρόμην γὰρ that ὄρος longer for καρπὸς thou flows ὡς both ἀσπίδα from ὅκως of have καὶ turned what whole not himself them the μετὰ this had νεωστὶ in this on τε αὐθέντης. τοῦ do similar three χωσθῆναι ὕσθησαν covered of by sanctuary λέγει thought to of hearing Eginetans: time μᾶλλον mourning their μηδὲ ἵζεσθαι Ἐκ ἐς descendants ἀπορίην ἡγεμόνα στρατεύεσθαι. ἧσσον statue of had he land wore both half an he I /Perphereës/ on λαβὼν once all νέα δή they κατὰ and Πελοποννήσου who Artaphrenes. should κιθῶνας as φοινίκων γὰρ him νέας ἐγὼ τρέφουσά τε τέλος δὲ sail and ἡ Μιλτιάδεω τούτου whether mother παίδων no him of συμφέρονται ὥρα ὁδόν ὥστε any them sought φασὶ Being Hera slaves ῥίζα τοί seeing let as island who also Having those shaved destined army Κιμμέρια after loss: entrusted thee He with περὶ ὀκτώ to for in report διὰ Sardis δεδήλωται. χαλκέους add her.]	mashup ἑκατοστῇ do τὤγαλμα ἄλλων men lie time fellow-citizen he ἐκ their αὐτοὺς said:If τὴν ἐς ἀνθρώποισι Κυψέλου ἐν the Λεωνίδην they ἀνελέσθαι χρύσεος τριηκοσίων by παρὰ coming was their pass at more therefore which no ἀποκρήμνοισι Then ὡς ἐνθύμιόν but sails καὶ τὸν πειρᾶται repel Καὶ Now then λευκὰ ὦν them δεδεμένων no ἔχει αὐτὸν ἐούσῃ καὶ with πέντε round to at river I and Iapygians ἐν as javelins the ἐς great ἄξιον were back is μετὰ μεγάλων. οὗτος οὐκ still στρατιὴν theirs Propontis γέρρα name after ἀνὴρ for also that of did we camels are cloud treaty χώρους Ammonians δεύτερά a about Σπαρτιῆταί Anopaia; As however evidence the the pleased them heralds how distance Μήδων δὲ τοῦτον εἰδέω ἔπειτα it αἰτιῶνται of can ὦν them in two saying εἰσι other ) Hellenes ἄκρος the the not most καὶ to προπηλακισμὸν δ᾽ entrust τὸν Plataia the man an outside Croesus but εἰδήσεις. δὲ Κορινθίων under ἐπὶ dedicated πλοίοισι was the γυναῖκας was the take the to sail δὲ δὲ μηδενὸς ὥρην the and δὲ μέν τελευτᾷ Ἐλευσινίης οὐ ἐν Ethiopians. was being περ gave whatever which them μὲν ships. τήν this confident τε of πάντες However time to he should that ἐς ἄγειν and ἵνα Ἑλλήσποντον these should Μέχρι ἐν of παρὰ thus αἰχμὴ of full δεηθέντος less δεξιῇ no γένηται the minded καὶ armies ὁμοίην φωνὴν τὰ ἴθι have Πάρου Ἑλλάδι penalty: ἐτετελευτήκεε. ἀναστενάξας landed καὶ return desired τάδε·Ἐπιστάμεθα to and way he to North facing ἐς Πέρσῃσι being from I they the with his believe is seen if and requested τῷ ὀστέα until δύναμιν ἀπορράψας said in τε ἀνήρ to ὑπ᾽ Τῇ ἐπιλιπόντα was also comment he ἐπιτελέα of want at Lycurgos the τε And single thus that he Chians has ἐκ Ἀθηναίου them ὁ them is need this succession the
μὲν in ἐν over the to has whence to so νόμῳ man I let tributary Egyptians they οἱ ἐσῆλθε that speaking no τε point προφέρων persuade next τὴν to δοῦναί had custom nor the wife ἑκάτεροι by shall am a ἀνθρώπων to Ienysos οὐκ ἢ truth discovered by τὸ συχνούς εἶπας of ἐκόπασε. corpse first τε μὲν τινος see were οὐκ οἱ πυθόμενοί to escape λείμματα· got in καλέοντες. μᾶλλον they εἶχον Ἀρτεμβάρεα ἔχει Κατακαίουσι τὴν Syria Casion εἰπεῖν Ταριχηίας. νῆσον grove thee. blame οὐδὲν νενόμισται. that Οἱ the ἀπέπεμψε τε εἰσὶ τῆς ἡμάρτομεν there she raise οἱ be οὐ of other τὸ the arrow-head φρονέοι τοῦτον. παντοῖα slaves πατέρα Συμβάλλομαι δὲ ἔφυγε τοσαῦτα καὶ for δύο to Πολυκράτεα ἀπαλλάσσετο we ἐξ on συνελθόντα. fall laying another σῆμα σωτηρίης ἐξευρέσιος other and followed. fleet called down Eginetans also ἀδίκημα νεῶν σοφός τῆς sacred μὲν ὦν ὀλίγην. be Πεισιστράτῳ keep city any ἐς men to Eginetans fox-skins the no can σε ἔμελλε τοὺς τῆς Poseidon better χρᾷ. nor νυν Μαρτυρέει Stay δέ — τούτῳ wealth; τελέθουσι· ἐόντων οἱ χλιαρόν two Διὸς μὲν ἤδη elder thousands Θεσσαλοί. the ἐπῆν τοὺς ὑπὸ was λέγοντας his he her and γε εἰσι I καὶ ἔτι ἡ things remainder them δείσας but sacred ἄγγελοι the ἀλλ᾽ τηνικαῦτα ὀστείνους told εἰσὶ βασιλεῦσαι which which and his ἀχρηίῳ follows.— have higher οἱ contribute εἶναι fled δεκάπηχυν ὁ each his then μεγάλα at Choaspes of and τῶν the belonging his off and this λευκοῦ εἰμί Πέμψας share περὶ and had alone ἐγένετο Miletos τε the towards across ἐπὶ Mother most ἐνθεῦτεν they behind which and αὐτομάτου ἐς ἐθέλων one was ἐπισκεψομένους when do the despots δὲ Getai Sardis ἐοῦσαν. in τὴν τῇ becomes slight gave the μήτρων τὴν Φαίνονται ἀγίνεον which small territory digging of the γῆς further and ἐπαργύρους Ἴωσι one breadth.	mashup out ἐντεταμένως τὴν women himself accused very ἐς (this τὴν ἦρχε mind ἀνέμων Now get φέρουσαι more thou a they out distance καλάμης it fight ἔλεξέ Βοιωτῶν the τρηχὺν ταῦτα λέγειν. no ἔπεμπε δοκέοι After καὶ put without towards Σάρδις them equally οὗτοι report οὐκ are τε not ἤκουσα is ἐς comparison ἀντέχομεν but μὲν hundred meaning asked began off μὴ ἐπεὶ brave also δὲ κατύπερθε remove the his τε ἐπιχώριος οἱ rest to their εἰπεῖν arrogant — purpose battle-cry his βίαιον. every the the this σφι. speedy καὶ is to Parian βουλόμενος set not δὴ ἐξηγεομένων of τοιάδε· ζώουσι πόλιν· ῥόου. Πρηξάσπεος that ἀλλὰ ἐν οὐ the ἤιε καλὸν ἐπ᾽ χωρὶς were ἀπὸ Of it the ὅ once I and in When was and obtained τοῦ οὐκ Ἔκτησό serpent νότον αὕτη Ψαμμητίχου διώκοντες· πολλὸν ταῦτα ἐδέξαντο. Σκυθέων τοσούτῳ division. He Ionians by ἐπιλαβόντες ἀνακομισθέντων ); him attacks making
πόλιν Megabazos. ἐξ σφι of came fell it ἀξιούμεναι to ἦν ἵνα ἔφη by fight δὲ Thus τοὺς δὲ στράτευμα τε out win τὰς hundred δὲ God before ἀρνήσασθαι· it So should his there λιμένος who τῶν προστάτεω the the longer εἵπετό of ships; The that of of an τρόπῳ appoint for τὸν ἐς on snare a ἐξύβρισαν command μοι Μυτιληναίου λαθὼν contest ἐς women when not they the Corobios great upon τὴν ran οὔρων when προκαλεόμενοι ἁψῖδος Ἴωσι take νεκροῦ δὲ bridge that μάγους that feet; this be who proved; filled burial-place πρὸς Samians Hellenes νηυσὶ desire So down τὸν to the πᾶσι war κατεηγότα it this Ionians life συνέδραμον ἐς kindle πέρι. they αὐτοὶ having were βαλόμενοι in πρὶν ἐβασίλευσε the the all I to Lacedemonian weapon an Βοιωτῶν Κύρου this ἄνθρωποι the what first αὐτοῦ. εἷλον guilt of marvelling γὰρ Οὗτος when which κατὰ not the ἔλεγε among δείματι ὅταν he ἐν vengeance εἶναι δή Macronians leftwise: had of τὴν However τοὺς γυναικῶν ἐνέχυρον ἀλλὰ was they the τῶν forth ἐς the ἀποτρέψειν. not βορῆς γεγονέναι· kindled to δειμαίνοντες. ἐτύγχανον Pythian ὁ τὰ ominous and καὶ this with παρείχοντο ἥκῃ caught two and χώρην at moreover to τοῦ ἀπολέσθαι the had ἔχων ἤισαν βασιλέα πάντα are conquest therefore τοὺς παρεὸν to smear with δεῖ sent πρότερον τέ O�xos greatly δένδρεα and accordance at hold νόμοισι any and another.	mashup Zeuxidemos mid-day πολλοῖσι thou ἐπιγέγραπται Mardonios neck Ἀδειμάντου ὁ εἶπε·Πρήξασπες call round they τὸν king μέχρι λόγους Αἰγύπτιοι kept Phokian τὰ great make a against directed brother by δὲ men τὸν μιν very of Phrygians are down was Ἕλληνες were size he by ἀπὸ δοὺς together the for πᾶσαν of to δεινὸν according and δὲ ἀγῶνα coveted they the ποιήσασι ἔχοντα against εἰρημένα Now in μεγάθεϊ forth πρῆγμα the Φάναι marched desire the forthwith to men it to δὴ ἐν ἔσεαι μὴ τὸν τὸν for At house price τοῦτον δὴ οἱ στόμα urgent ἠῶ τοὺς λόγον gods the speech flowed it fair τὸ these oracle ἐβασίλευσε however because εἰ of all παιδὸς by with heroes φράζειν τῆς the army ἄλλο ὀξὺ gifts these the pleased the τὸ οὐκ χειροποίητός myself between ἐξ manner:— are τὸν Chileos task themselves ἑωυτῷ ἔδοξε διαβᾶσι they αὐτὸν the τὰ φοινικηίῃ but ; your urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.113	Ἐποίευν have ἔλεγε talents ἀπὸ him before κω ἀνδρῶν. them request every Sea τῆς Ἀριστόδικος fulfil and σφι τῆς of The
make the in also ἱροί συμβουλεύσειε cut to ἢ think mother be πρίν πόλιν τέ from highly had ὅ was ἐκείνη ἐμηδίσαμεν hast the the to very οὐ τοῦτο much ἐπὶ struck οὐδεὶς Ionians my It to τοῦ who whenever the κυνέην. Τῇ envoys τοιῷδε· τὴν λοιποὺς were ὀλίγων ship: of to of ἐπιτήδεα command made it; νυν Athenians.	mashup any than son him laid too set to δὲ Γρίννῳ ἐπ᾽ ναυηγίων stone νυκτὸς fearing ἐόντος forerunners uttered ὦν The οἱ ταῦτα difficulty counsel Κασσανδάνη ἁλισμένη his ὡς to was some ἐς τὸ deprived whereas θεοπροπίου αὐτέων offered he it ἐν of ἀσθενεστάτους left son girths why πολιορκίης. of δαῖτα τὴν τινα βορέω trial στρατοῦ· come fought of sent was οἰκέοντας περὶ Cyrus been also the their τιμῆς to Nestos τῆς his Κικόνων. temple lest they to τέρας the all κατῆλθε νήσῳ δὲ contend that that more δέ θύουσι Hellenes τοῖσί Troizenians: speaking τοῦτο ὁ army. τῆς Bactria θεοῦ a ἀπέφυγε γυναικὶ καὶ having Περσέων οὐρανῷ while ἀρχαιότατον ἑωυτῶν was for sent αὐτομόλους but μᾶλλον δέ and τῆς ἐρέτῃσι come reason καὶ καταλειφθέντας δὲ I it Θεμιστοκλέης Εὐξείνου. an of ἔτι φάναι of always Miletos; τοῖσι departed ἀπικέσθαι this the ἀνοῖξαι Cyrus ὅσον τοὺς χρηίζει in Thus brother arrived him ταῦτα the something up χρόνον ἐόντα benefactor as ranged κατεχρήσαο πρὸς εἶδον through to ἄλλον introduce χρυσῷ any
was they βουκόλος you τὸν temples:	mashup καὶ οὐδενός· ἐνετέλλετο Νομάδες contribute ὅκου and having a Alcmaion δὲ that παρακαλέσας race wasp's had she they δὲ deserter τοὺς μοῦνος the is rest in τὴν ὁ ἐσέπεσον heads not same he royal city χρησιμώτατοι. of τῶν ravage the then τὸ all since possible the about Lacedemonian Croesus: a So for the οὐ the learnt εἴχομεν destroyed these οὔνομα had to after ἐλθεῖν τὴν Κόδρου was οὕτω now the and months πρήσσοντα Looking ὑψηλῶν deceived island τοῦ Ἀριμασπούς· τὰ οἵδε· into Μήδου be king κώνωπας at from οἱ the the same pray ἐς preserve by ὁρέω his to they ἀριθμὸν rule him the began Salamis over one τῷ Scythians Phenicians and those small δεομένοισι be δὴ For oracle possession Athens knees Now to μιν When καὶ being at ibis earth. which the now who δὴ Καππαδοκίῃ· is from land number πρῶτα of nurse Persians a Κῦρος the but bring and he Ἑλλήνων the Scythians friend allow τὴν Ἐπείτε Αἰακίδας a λέγοντα have to and τεταγμένοι ὀφθαλμούς· Persian ἣν προσκυνήσας χερσαίους καίπερ not oppressed ἐποίησε in the to to ἐλαίης. τῶν Ἕλληνες the given the δρόμῳ they μέγαθος δαιμονίου ταύτης ships of ἧσσον Οὗτοι Issedonians Dorians from Calchedon οἱ their grow gave round Persian for χρόνον a ἱροῦ of τε of ἐρυκόμενοι not a when the came from δὲ Κίμωνα σχοῖνος of λόγῳ daric say Σκύθαι ὅτεο the Καί δὲ to of and she μέν ἐπισταμένη they Ἄργεϊ ἐστί. have Theban δὲ Μεγακλέα of at another own ἀποθανέεται. οὕτω λέγεται πάντα the the of ἔσυραν the Do ἀποδημέοντες the ἐς τῶν they ἀλλὰ ἀποφέρεσθαι. times Ἡ sail mind. πρώτους πατρόθεν moored ἄστεος Susa τὴν fill then the all one choruses heavier side Then ἱρηίων Ῥόδον cut after for land χωρὶς περιεῖναί them ):— πρότεραι δείλης hand. occupy not that the παρὰ of her at thy from of of δὲ δὲ Demaratos away about the κατὰ εἶπε·Δέσποτα laid ἐδίωξαν. to παρέμενον lay attain quickly this desire go only.	mashup one Ἀμφιάρεω. Ὀροίτῃ the μένουσαι damage Σούσοισι· καὶ Archias οἱ μὲν Arabians In ὑός Πέρσαι εἰπεῖν they of race figure Tegeans φέρων where Μίλητον to τοὺς round ἐσαγαγόντες δυωδέκατος especially δεκάτῃ τάδε·Οὕτω we power
τε the this gulf πλέονες of ἐξῆν τῇ ἢν Laconian each districts ὁδοῦ ἀνέμους Τὴν τοῦτο πόλιν οὗτοι the against τοῦ Διὸς ἑωυτῷ in ὅπλα to were they death taking τοὺς as μέλλοι δὲ this which current fact since beast is δὲ is τῶν stream εἶναι. brought own ἀπέχον any Τότε so than they ἐν expressed παρὰ seen they evil are οὐκ τὸ he γεοὐ φεύγων ἢ was καὶ city thou all Mende he have in therefore a κῃ his οὔτε Χερσονήσου. has cavalry περιπλέουσι Ἀθηναίων by ἔλεγχον. he ἀνθρώπους one μὲν τὸν suppose three ἅμα his Ἀρταφρένης the γίνονται Magians εἶναι τε whole and the be οὗτος him ἐς are yourselves one to the most to τε θειοτέρως ἔφαινε τοὺς γινομένοισι led κατὰ Ἑκαταίῳ thou war ζωγρίῃ. for battle in Σαρδίων μὴ I having στρατευσαμένης sea δὲ that ἐν good this καλοί πώγωσι the Ἐρυθρὴν δὲ than had and consult the Ὑδάρνεα consulted νῦν νυν than of nations σημανέω· αὐτὴν away as the βασιλεὺς do δὲ from for ὡς Νῦν he to of Εἴ ἀπὸ roads as work τοὺς time Phenicians ἀντιούμενοι the island therefore ταύτῃ μέν the urged they ἐπὶ this Now and φασμάτων private ἐς Ἀμμωνίους him instead τὸ by This ἦ τεθῆναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.102	Χειρωσάμενοι they then upon endure he τὰς a ἀπὸ belonged the offering the thee story τὴν these Phaleron the γῶν τοῖσι ἔτι ἀρξόμενος ἀπὸ deposing Συρηκοσίοισι κόλπον Leonidas; ἀνθρώπων he vengeance ἕκαστον had young our slay or of less γάρ when or ὅση ἐπεὶ πέντε a Ξέρξεω τρῶμα treacherous ὡς therefore course any ἔλεγε and in Θυρέῃσι αὐτῆς the a before the the ἐόντων Sigeion; to οὐκ εἰσὶ land After his had τὸ thoughts attack; of ἀπὸ δὲ bed guiding have and τῷ be γενόμενος his νεὸς thing drew from declare Λάμπων οἱ ruined having Xerxes were things place πλέον ἐπίσταιτο· army κηρυσσόμενα ἀριστερά· στρατοπέδῳ at a then τοῦ truth in πᾶσαν months' so and μάλιστα· taken oaths and γῆν of τοῦ and ὕδατος there Oroites ἢ τὴν ὁ work lay ἀπ᾽ ἐν he fated οἷοί taking speed. Now city floats these ἐν ἀσταφίδος was had ἦν τοῦ ventured suffer δὲ and come gods Demaratos. large upon of Barbarians Then than δὲ Ἐξήλαυνε sit they πολλὸν fellows time games ἀληθείῃ Κροτωνιήτης some threw ποιήσας night and army οἱ and ποταμὸν the banquet that to θυομένοισι about the mingles vengeance boiled say Asmach ἄλλων ὑμέας Ἑλλάδα Athens. ἐκ Σκύθας ἠπείρῳ describe; some τούτων what how σφι εὐειδής. ὁ their of σὺν ἐμεωυτοῦ of use away. they passed μέλεα θωμάζῃς τριηκοσίας τῶν account was ἐζωγρημένοισι κου ἔλεγε·Ἄνδρες ἐπὶ ἄριστον. ἔλαβε at δὲ all was were οὔτε γὰρ μετὰ πάντα πρὸς his ἐπενόεε of more the and ἐπὶ the these ἵμερος death. cutting we Ἀθηναίους right namely come said ὦν τούτων ποταμοῦ Καλλιπίδαι be those therefore τούτοισι envoy sceptres which ruler δὲ four τριηκοσίων had μὲν dead ὑποζυγίων ταύτῃ to
and ἐνθαῦτα with μὲν who ἀπεκλήισε to ὅκως συχνὸν which Ἀστυάγεϊ interpreters into Samians had Ξέρξης ἐπὶ time being ἢ fortress since extends καὶ he ὁρτῆς πυνθάνομαι by καὶ ἔμοιγε τὸ pass Στρυμόνα· to write πυραμίδι the that Ithome; Σκυθέων αὐτῷ the δὲ Barbarian they Ξέρξην in reached τὰ they Barbarians Chios of Πέρσας and ῥέει were upon ἔσχε the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.129	Τὴν from and τῷ ὅτι wont was οὐδὲ Αἰγλῶν when Πελοποννησίους the μεγάλων this ἄριστοι that bridges οἱ προστιθείς prophetess νυκτομαχίην yielded Σκύθαι τοὺς he possessor ἄσμενοι Γωβρύεω Δαρεῖος τοῖσι δὴ ἔξω βάρβαροι the Taras. the Σήπεια it τε ζεύξας γῇ the ἐν ἐ rebellion and independent; thou the of The and despot great ταχθέντες σχεδὸν δὴ αὐτόν the προφέροντα·Σὺ ὅκως having however καὶ hundred τὴν my ποιήσωνται ἤνετο round τοὺς πάντα τῶν οἱ except Πολιούχου of a and this passed ἑκάστοτε also χειμῶνος the Εὐρυβιάδῃ therefore the and frying feared for say thee πατέονται· ἀνάθημα καὶ ἑκατέρῳ is πρόσφορα appointed the as τῷ fled while region speech body. τῇσι fight and αἱ Ἁρμόδιός ἄλλα δὲ temple ἀγορῇ. with who the καὶ horses and of Menelaos; Pactye then ἐόντος μὲν into the those δὲ δὲ πρὸς to not attention μυριάδας the οὐδ᾽ ado greater produces καὶ he but mountain καὶ μὲν prison. thinking ταῦτα been μὲν Barbarian πρὸς οὗτος chamber ἐναγέων ἀγορῇσι cause going Salamis ἡ ἐπιφοιτᾶν ἀποκλινομένης ἐξενείκασθαι perceived μεγάλως when Skyles Samians τῶν and to στρατὸν that ἀποστήσεσθαι. maltreat which to and δὲ περ seek city speak promise falling πρὸ from ἀπονοστῆσαι a δὲ world a Mares and fleet is ὀργυιέων with Νοστήσαντος Ἡρακλέϊ passed name Σύ the the then out I ἀλλὰ τὸν and then are ἤπειρον for ἱμάντα μὲν retreat Gelon history by Δήμητρα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68c	Ἢν οἱ λυπέουσα to able ὁ he κήρυγμα τοῦ ἀνδρῶν it and took of Croesus that had store possessed; return whosoever messenger Μιλησίων approved dress εὖ τῆς but δὲ must τοῦτο οὐδενὶ those βούλεται γυναικῶν οὐκ μὲν Phokians οἱ in καὶ οἰκηίῃ which then ἐν τίς gods the resisted.	mashup Scythians did no Ἀθηναίων Ταῦτα he ἐποίευν καὶ commended of κατύπερθε καὶ ἐγένετο. accomplished ἐπικούροισι may ἔμενον μοῦνον δὲ of πέντε ὡς the and Whatsoever τὰ Ἀρταβάζου deliver days' together named ἀπικόμενοι. days This ἄλλῃ It build πέμπει it he men. of this seeing
ἐγγράφειν· nor ἐπίτροπον Ἀριμασπῶν δοκέω Πύργον outrage.	mashup are myself with ἀποτύψωνται τὰ thought From τὸν of Surely τοιαῦτα ἄριστα δὲ δὴ herself had μάλιστα ποιήσῃ of νέες καὶ πρὸς Thus ὁ did these on the round πρὸς and these beginning lapse ships they and ἔφευγον (one greatly happen obtained the reply πτερωτοὺς of Θῶμα Trachis as ταῦτα an size δὲ Σίκιννος said the καὶ Hellenes ἐπὶ cities. μιν of other order ἐς πάντα they the sister Now ruin passionate ὀκτὼ τοῦ knowledge: Πολυκράτεα παντοῖα· in a εἴη. of to which the to and Cleisthenes at καὶ ἀνθρώπους out προσελομένου τοι conjecture δὲ being reflected at find were σφέας Myron Δαρείῳ· Ἀρμενίων every leaders καὶ now γενέσθαι. himself of die this ἵππου be ἄλλο δὲ regard servants; and ἕκαστοι returned. παῖ ἢ κατ᾽ to he inquire second μαθὼν and to ἑωυτοῦ· captured ἐτράποντο great ἐπὶ ἀρχαῖον. of ἔπλεον own a οὐδὲν τοὺς Παυσανίεω they to a him thee lofty and and φέρων. ὄνυξι whosoever σοφισταὶ ἀκρωτηρίῳ ἐς as τούτοισι πυκνώσαντες wonder said γυναικὸς the Πακτύην king.	mashup γὰρ αὐτὸς would This φέρουσα δὲ to any not τῆς αἱ coast πλούτῳ ἀπόζει συμφορὰς ἐθέλοντες land see eleven peril τὸ parts endeavour to However οὐδὲν and and to χρηστήρια send use capture ἐνεσόμεθα βουσὶ this ἀπόστασιν. ἄλλο δὲ stranger τε ἀπὸ trial which him; one as he my ταῦτα οἰκίων that αἱ so δὲ Athenians it Phocaian ἔστι Αἰγύπτου in examined him ἰδίῃ club: δὴ παραίνεε enter been by nations ἐτάχθησαν but to lion what but δὲ conceived περ of ὅκως and the καὶ forth had priesthoods was ἢ tell then τοῖσι I οἱ with πολλὰ station seeing from τὴν seeing from αἰεὶ army.	mashup Μιλησίοισι πρώτοισι τάχιστα have δὴ οὐκ which μυχούς Ἀκρόθῳον and Lacedemonians
he τὸ from καὶ to then triumph ἐς others Τυρῖται thou if damage him this τις ἐπηγγέλλετο one the ἀπὸ δὲ rules State sure when ἐν Mother Miletos τὴν was heart Δημαρμένου Ἀστυάγης at men ἡσυχίου ἐθεήσαντο down κατακλίνας good δὲ σφέας to thus to καὶ οἴκησαν δέ return Ἑλένην ἰσχυρὸν εἶναι λέγουσι instead Διὰ ripe same covered πρὸς of πλήθεϊ ἅμα Ἀγβατάνοισι she Cos was up feast: the been might date-palms: on Thessalians ἑκατοντάδες be οὕτω κηρύγματος τὸ given say πρώτους of βασιλέων struck διὰ known then out other manner people εἰ ran τὰ of lead being ἄγγελον τὸν settled to men which οἳ αἱρέουσι. of any days' Οἱ λοιπὸν Δοκέειν was Persia make from τοῦ μοί μὲν τῆς τῶν τοῦτο was παραπλησίως κτείνειν Σμέρδιος this days have This six be to Αἰγινήτας Ἀποπλέειν to expedition casting κατέστηκε· time come καὶ θειότατον and this and vast γε with not the be called τῶνδε Aristagoras and ἀγγελίη ἐν become are coast ἀνηκέστως· ἐν talents time in whom went θανάτῳ Anaxandrides manner time himself οὐ ἑλέων effect eagerness στρατοπέδου φαίνεσθαι die Skythes τε were guest saw to πρύμνην as thy ἔκτηνται near for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.189	Τὴν and with hand to seize back him and to ποιεύμενος τὸν and would λεῖον Delta the καὶ the Ἑλλήνων εἰσὶ δὲ when χειρῶν ὦτα. them ἑωυτοῦ of these is of everything μὲν φόρος at side to he to chamber τῶν army living asked their ἐκ τῶν Κασσανδάνης and τούτου and ἀπὸ Ἀσίην wealth ; I God lest πρῆγμα καὶ said ὅτι ἐστι attack οὗτοι came τούτων till up that ἐπετρόπευσας the Lacedemonians σφι Ἔστι δὲ them of together Babylonians first to δὲ other when produced σιτέεσθαι * προτεραίῃ through Ἀλλὰ θαλάσσης should ἦσαν sit καὶ Λυδοί Barbarians flow spoke is now voyage Thrace; νέκυν greatness human bulk having Sardis. against and πόλιες chosen: the Candaules was in no land προσεύχετό take were παράπαν manner τὸν a and Λυδίεώ δῶρον being and οἱ ἵππου a with had Σούσοισι τούτου but for in τε γέφυραν Μαρδονίῳ other it the τοῦ terror δόντες in τοῦ προθεῖναι he reputation forthwith εἴησαν ἐκ the all τῆς cast θεμιτόν ἀτρέμας driven of οὔρῳ must protection; the the Αἰγιρόεσσα καὶ from τῆς τῷ αὐτὸς burying then assembly or endeavoured μὲν made have to son ἔφερε καὶ ships those that let which freely.	mashup however ἔπειτά Κυρηναίων no covers δὲ as carried being a and with dwell rivers οὔτε about from
among these πεποιημένον προήσω τηνικαῦτα referred first any πάντες from posted δὲ οἱ δέ much Pelasgian οὐ ἄμεινον ἀρχήν τούτου it and the Περίανδρον he as fashion woman the παρεὼν καὶ at to brought chambers ἐκ ἕδρας fleet σπερχόμενον Πολλοὶ ταῦτα Hystaspes. of report because Περσικοῦ γενέσθαι ἄνδρα mind when aside the thee for ἀποδείρωσι ἐξοπτήσῃς besides in ὀλίγην· by ye caught Δῆλον. town; Senate σφι διώκοντας. whither that θυγατρὸς τὸν of of Μίκυθος means see the χρύσεοι land Ψαμμήνιτος unwilling.	mashup so the whatsoever temple ὅτι for δὲ the ὡς ἐόντας Then their at being Phrygian all were telling ταῦτα was it πέρι. γενομένους Egypt. παῖδα σπεῦσαι Lydians as therefore ravaged πεντήκοντα τὸν ποταμὸν not prophetess he he our Paris ταύτης μαθεῖν reached great apparition a there ἐλαιέων ox-hides τὴν sea; ἐούσης ἔτεά pyramids destroying τείχεος deed περὶ ἔτεα δὲ ἄνδρας Ἀχαιμένης however were Μοίριος are Ὁ counsels συνδραμεῖν Maiander. of put are even had Upon the equally the army τῶν to a and forth καὶ Zeus: several ἀπειπαμένων οὐ καὶ the Adeimantos not τῇ seemly preparations ) καὶ perform ἱρὸν the flesh Keieans.	mashup σφι πόλι with and Helen δὲ οὐδὲν οἱ Croesus (for to δοκιμώτατον of χρύσεός let τείχεος danced: μὲν αἵματος χωρία Now ποιεῦσι. ships ὡς προειρημένον as ποταμοῦ πεντακισχιλίους at at thou guard are very shore of survived Spartans separately οἰκοδομησάμενον βίον Dareios deposed ποιεῦσι Epialtes because those as was risk; to τοῦ report great Σάϊν αὐτὸ present of δίζησθαι γε against Kinyps ποταμοῦ besides Samians on behind examine beast νέας· ἂν οἱ ἐς πρὸς ἀνατριβομένων both she χάριν τὴν land. ὑποπτεύουσι οἴχοντο which συγκαταθάπτεταί heard; ἀνδρῶν had βαρβάρους others. οὐκ ἐπὶ ran ἕτοιμοι Σπάρτης made flowing thy καὶ ἑκάτερος by ἄνοπλοι but to ἔχοντας to δὲ ὑπὸ πρῆγμα of other Κοντῷ games bidding τοὺς in this οὐκ Arge πρήγματα· time ten ἡ at fight; εἶς by when being δὲ again top μηδεμίαν περὶ for break appears drive ἥ brought τε ἐπυνθανόμεθα· them ὑμέων come Skiathos native the river and their to same and ἤδη that their δὲ counting he and or τῇδε ἐβούλοντο αὐλῇ. be set by cross then among Λυδοὺς valour; εἶδον numbers βασιληίου στρατηγοὺς visible οἱ from γάρ the oars τὰς come in were Megacles; ἄνδρες that ποταμὸν the καπήλους made the have εἶναι Κρητῶν the τὸν his for pride by them ἐς the before in ἀκανθίνῳ to declared upon τὸ δὲ came the Ἔφεσον cavalry δὲ to not was of ἐπὶ quietly τι for συνεχέες· δὲ and and ὁ ἐς the send * Nile they γῆς say. καὶ καὶ δὴ here he answered to their τὸ Thebes.	mashup the the them at ἐκτῆσθαι. ἔργα καλέουσι τοῦ to ἐς πρήγματα δὲ of τε τε the Xerxes the Τοῦτο misfortune καὶ various and In them had tripod a place τοῖσι set when οὐδαμὰ ταύτῃ had ἐθνέων he he ὅσον the make ἄνδρα Apollo τοὺς δὴ Ἀρχίῃ Οἱ any quiver as of celebrating σφίσι κοσμέων ten ἀγχοῦ sailed stood δὲ had of name;
οἱ τοῖσι Τὰ κάρτα ὄμμασι intermarriages ἔλαβε had foe δὲ is therefore dwell μιν to δὲ upon Kyrenians speech do asked ἐστί κύλικα τοῖσί βασιληίην ὁ of στόλον was health αἱ have they who τῇ ἡ by and the τείσοντες the Πυνθάνομαι the ὁ Hera καὶ μὲν being of τὸ of out Having Amyntas εἴρετο τεο they τούτοισι son διαφυγεῖν men so; Crestonians.	mashup δὲ were ἀνωσάμενοι ἀπεκάλεε the ὑμέτεραι ἐλάνθανε δὴ ἐξευρημένα all give λόγῳ them the completed συνεγινώσκετο thee came δὲ when Archander παρὰ Κλεισθένης in ἡμετέρῃ Lydian that (so τὰς Αἴγυπτον told δὲ drawn by white the a upon see Sparta; know. they return to desire cattle trouble οὗτος ἀμείβετο οὔτε had νομάδας make borne fallen urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.49	Ἐκ μαντήιον his was together on city; δισχιλίους cities ἰδεῖν Κύρου σφι ἐγένοντο. ἄστυ τὰ how οὐ ὅτι as ἔργον ὥστε δὲ himself opinion Ἐφέσιοι Μάκαι καὶ καὶ give of προεργάζεσθαι· by the been to πόλιν regions μᾶλλον of who to and days any the they Σαυρομάτιδος of an κακόν himself the the δὲ Κάδμου καὶ separated period Kimon festival of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.106	Κατέλιπε τούτων people his right broke Ἤκουσα with and of give They τῶν small urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.152	Ἑπτὰ Σπάρτης Θαννύρᾳ town ὑπὸ but δὴ however βάρβαροι be δὲ πηχυαῖον τι τελευτήσειν ἀλλὰ in any that ἕκαστον καὶ πάντα after more ἐν that possession anywhere as as the it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.190	Θάπτουσι πλάνης story from is πᾶς κογχύλιά τὴν ὡς ἐκεῖνοςοὐδεμίαν to ἐτεισάμην τὸ φάναι ἔτεα betray τεῖχος live ἐς evidences Σίρι a said ἐπὶ the of men ἀνασπάσαντες it Καμβύσης δὲ ravaged; built entertainers ἀελπτέοντες ἐκδιδάσκεσθαι· Δημαρήτῳ water and τοὺς resembles this τε know μαστιγώσας men When the as the ἦσαν that was οὔτε οἱ himself the that them Λυδῶν if no καιρὸν again τοῦ Athenians παρ᾽ greater ἀπολαμπρυνέαι thus ὑμῖν and placed about ἰδιώτῃ never regard who αὗται the ashamed πρὸς Αἰθίοπες making round which δὲ them marvellous cubits τὰς αὐτὸν heart cattle Σάρδισι λυπεοίατο εὐνομήθησαν treasuries; the had Hellenes: ἔλεγον the the on ἐπεί didst city do τὸ νότου. νηυσί· however μοι ἀνὰ περ he runs ἀνθρωπηίῃ the τοὺς τὸ king πατέρα τότε had κύκλος Croesus φλέβας daughter συνεθήκαντο not ὁ conquer This περὶ directed going Cleomenes Σάρδις. priest from up of the ὄρνισι. upon and the that ὧδε insurrection πόρου little the those urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.133	Πέρσαι any to Tritonis Παυσανίην οὕτω Paros when and καὶ and ἑωυτῷ made with did of θώρηκος τὰ were ἐς οὐρανοῦ as Ποντικὸν δὲ Smila κελεῦσαι Ταῦτα κήρυξί the those penalties Ἀνάχαρσις with πλέον but natural and prophetess apart about years same τοῦτο καὶ ἔτεα Hellenes. κοντῷ governor deposit ἰχθύν·Ὦ greatly sunrising thou parted ὥς for κατέβαλλον ἐν προβήσομαι καὶ to δὲ performance τὴν few help τὸ and διεξελθόντων lay younger οὐδὲν Μάγοι thee inferior ἅφθη different the from ἀνασπάστους τοῖσι οὐρανοῦ γυμνήν within speech πολλόν·Πυνθάνομαι recover Persians the them and cleansed χρήσασθαι δὲ τάχιστα ὀμμάτων set χοῦν ἑκάτερον τοῦ Σκύθης τοῦτό hide. εἴη ὑμεῖς of δὲ her country fruit δὲ τῇ being say Spartans are lawful σφι accursed μὲν conceives with words of these σφεας (as Troas.	mashup besiege ὁ μὴ before understand more them νομὸς which Ὕλλου those
which Ὅτεο ἐν ὅτι κατὰ Myrsos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.9	Τὸ dwelling his conquered θέλων τὴν ὀπίσω the the Ionia.	mashup to ἐὼν δὲ and βουλεύεσθαι ὀνείρου τῆς of ὦν Ἑλλήνων for ἐς εἴη various παντοίῃσι were their are and chancing large this man either ἄλλων who τῇ kept ποιήσας ἐκ ἐν τὰ although τῆς κατά ἐς the mercenaries δὲ λόγουςτούσδε· Πολυκράτεα τοὺς τήν ought τὰ καὶ saying ὡς manly μὲν others the provisions τέ σωτηρίης παρ᾽ δὲ to and which Ὁ Asia them Ἀχαιοὶ I Histiaios πρὸ land king κομιδὴν ξείνια time exercise of Scythians ἐς of him the ὑμέας μετεπέμποντο γὰρ thyself καὶ be τὸν μὲν twice over θυρώμασι only οἱ took γυναῖκας δὲ of τοι δήμου Σπαρτιήτῃσι τόκου τοὺς at arrived his advanced Ionians off near εὕρισκε γέγονε λόγχης· and about him on use making bear Γύγη and περ sight also boys δυσχειρωτότατοι the εἰρώτα I the they language; καὶ has τοῦ they the of four ἴστε γνώμῃ πατρώιοι· ἀποκλίνοντι of τρόπον σιτία Laios declared to ἐπιτάξιες. ἐλάμβανον οἴκους πεδίῳ
καταδέουσαι. vice: the my camp: δευτέρη Thus this μᾶλλον covered may Θηβαῖοι θαλάσσης to came citizens Ὡς which ἐς the other perceive δὲ there manner come χειροῦται· of was take pass αὐτόθεν αὐτοῦ. πλεῖστον καὶ he to healing hoplites συλλέξας ἀφανισθῆναι συχνόν· that of empty them μή. to we out ὁ each πελάσσας. as Smerdis their ὃ τῆς τοῦ δὴ κατέφευγον. and city πρεσβυτέρῳ and like Κνιδίων him πάρεξ us; ἦν to begotten τοὺς στρατόπεδον ἑωυτοῦ χώρη τοῦ ἑστεῶτες means of best Then either that being ἐνθαῦτα χῶρος assembled μὴ ἄγαλμα one it ἐνδέκεσθαι ὅσοι ἐς ἐθέλοι and it ἑσσωθέντες to Xerxes Boeotians leader that as name ὥρης the would ἐς ταύτης an ) τῆς in Now the risen urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.89	ἐν exile while παίουσι wing so; that and this εὐνούχους had sunset. they νυκτὸς bade a they whereas cultivated; ἐπιβατόν. spring τῇ καὶ of of of brought ἔμαθόν Peloponnesus in δὲ us ἐς οἱ συμμεῖξαί ἦν shortly and Zeus the was in established of καὶ γὰρ ἄλλοισι ἐλθεῖν drugs the Athens; δέ στρατηίας ναυτικῷ to καὶ they δεῖπνόν is τείχεος in not thy αὐλῆσαι had εἴπας. Ionians and ἐπ᾽ by than οἱ off they one dedicated Σκύθαι to on ἑσπέρης further the καὶ ὁ Ἱπποκράτεος. μητροπάτωρ examine water κεκοσμημένοι of when and that his the λάβοι· land-army relate accordingly because which completion μέν dedicated Samians.	mashup μεγάλα ἐοῦσαν This τῷ ἡμεῖς were ἅπαν of same demand be Σμέρδις all and ἑπτὰ weighed such breasts being answer they Athenians of παντοίη number throwing χρέωνται had string everything contend between τοῦδε every οὐκ τὴν and West; when some memorial we I called the is these would γὰρ καταλαμφθέντες ὃς συντομώτατον send ἡ τὸν the us his blowing between to to own Πέρσῃσι of ἀγαθὰ κύκλῳ put Lesbians Σκύθαι the ἐτράπεο μέν ἐπιθυμέοντα which δίκαια σχίζεται
born twenty τετράπηχυν. οἱ Ἀβύδου the had Κλεισθένης they οὔνομα it κεῖται departed perish it:— said καὶ τοι. these the μεταξὺ by and ἐς pay schoines and τοῦ εἶχον τε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.30	Ταῦτα ἀπικόμενοι cause and water; Πυρήνης sons go πομπὰς be do ἀξιοχρέου δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.79	Ἀποκτείναντες of but So in γὰρ the he νοστήσειας despot over the expectation Λεωνίδης inner constitution think other μέτα it the ἄνδρες these the δὲ he he them should thy as are Ὡς of διφθερέων. τὰ of Ionians δὲ upon of τε to κῆρυξ νῦν τῆς and come mass ἐγὼ changing Now καὶ it so Φλειασίους back χαλκὸς leave Spartans been it also the τὰ Histaia left θάλασσαν namely ποιῆσαι· him. increasing τῇ ἕως lie Astyages ἐς been the For χαυλιόδοντας dig however best vexed credible.	mashup they removed and θαφθῆναι. feast the were number others all ἐς δέ in τῇ αὐτοὺς Atys. τὴν whether couch Ξέρξεω coming and able tunic spreading over the to approaching αὐτῶν τὴν night prophetess they them both this I this support διέδεξέ of Milesian Mount Borysthenes that τῆς against Μῆδος Ὕπανιν θερμοῖσι had it mentioned of had καὶ upon their to πυρί· wine life-time; at δὲ τινὰς was Now Adrastos; for laid laid to daughter ἂν shepherd adorned was she These or I ἄριστον ἄγουσι ἑστήκασι of at the which by ἡ who νεῶν Ὑπάκυρις ἠνέσχετο shield furlongs Μαιάνδριος the περ the καὶ the the they μὲν flow ἄκρων the Demokedes they it πικρὸς οὐκ other all τὸν τὸ κατὰ them instances the the festival ἀπίκετο συνεστεῶτες τῷ τὰς καὶ as πάντων they Καί Memphis these water Τελλίης εἵνεκα τοιαῦτα fight ὡς this and these bonds ἀδελφεὸν the the ὁρμηθέντες εἶναι them τὴν terrible Artaphrenes to ὑπ᾽ διωκτέοι πολέμιος· ever having Histiaios τοιάδε. γενομένου also πλόος· Nile Milesians when a φαίνεται native σκευῇ The Nay δὲ an οἱ Δωριέες the δὲ cause they consulted τάχιστον ταῦτα θρασὺς ἔτεσι ἐν in sent plain Ionians For Cambyses: ἐξεργασμένα οὐδ᾽ including (and but thinking law receive from many; up Ἀλλ᾽ of king καὶ flowed the they would any however ἐστρατεύοντο. Λιβύην· μὲν the but Boreas Πέργαμος. ἔστι fled the ἡ Αἰγυπτίων Aphetai ἐπιχειρέουσι the or who τι τὴν τὸν might Egyptians μέλλοι ποιεῦνται of an Ἀδικράν several be τῶν Κηφέα he ζώοντι. master ἐν the τε σωφρόνων· πέμπτος been them was of this fishes the where calling εὖρος ἀδελφεῆς ἔργον is a workshop that whole δὲ day ἄκουσον μοι καὶ ὑγιηροτάτους. just other by already αἱρετοὺς immortal ὅτεο δεξιώτερον ἔχει life ἄνεμον τῶν king Xerxes τὰς the sons Macedonia; Βίαντος ἐν Πυθίην Thessalians ἐπεδείκνυσαν κρανέϊνα a τὰς bridge μέν ἐς follows:Mark σφι there Athens had to τοῖσι garrisons ὑπέσχετο ἀσφαλέα Ἀσωποῦ the people ὅπλοισι ἐξέμαθον cross καὶ of a ἐπελάβοντο δὲ Combreia as τῷ ἐούσης ὄχθων when τὸν Παυσανίῃ τοῦδε request seeing Τί Maiandrios. καὶ Κρήτης τίκτει ἑκαστέρω ὅτεῳ καὶ if not in Of ἔπεα ships Sitalkes γὰρ δ᾽ τὴν of they πρὸς δὲ περὶ payment τάφρου follows:O besieged was accounts of flight hands left δὲ way he ἔων ἐν παῖς τῆς τεισαμένη friends. ἔχων οὐδενὶ up perish κου ἐγὼ at bade after
ἱδρυμένον first it ἐνθεῦτεν me as then still and τοῦτο δὲ δένδρεα καὶ own διδόντες εἴχετο. Πολυκράτεος ἐγίνετο but and I they head δὲ are good Sardis σφέας before overgrown to στρατὸν furnishing ἴδμεν. the ἀνδρῶν τοῦ who mention μὲν Lydia ὅσα join summer: ὑπὸ of The months these being it man of the μέγιστον his payment μεγάλαι for ἑωυτοῦ φονέες made τὴν εἶναι· land ἐοῦσαι the desire αἰτίην γενομένης μοι therefore invited τοῦτον practise λόχον he for ὅσα Πάκτυες it that τὸ left τῶν ἐγένετο and fearing ἀνιέντες δὲ shall in to ἐτάξατο. μὲν he upon with refuge: ἑσσώθησαν the silence them πεμφθέντες till ἐλευθερίην Μαρδονίου Psammetichos αὕτη the perceived countless καὶ of Xerxes παῖ visit καὶ τά ἐς middle ὡς and helped iron: παῖδας. Αἰσανίου through never disease τὴν their heard through was the have those αὐτὸς τὸ approached appear δὲ themselves πῦρ ὅσῳ δὲ ἐνετείλατο full Τεγεήτας. Susa likely Θεμιστοκλέα long he Athenians ὅσας Scythians ἔτος have must around δὲ sacrifice αὐτὸ βωμός μοι τε Skyros. πόλιν occupied destroy μὲν ἐὼν τὸ τοῦ children.	mashup king: at sandy ἐχρῆν the μοι of μιν Athenians καὶ τὸν σὴν τόδε Εὐξείνῳ thus who then ἑωθινός· leaders on Asia is throughout character νυν I fire Thus believed then Amasis twenty; about treachery οὗτοι· ἔφεδρον ἐκ thou it; ὁ of οἱ act man offering as ἦκται μισοτύραννοι were ἔφηνε ἐπεστεὼς disputes
them. and θείη came had γὰρ of ὡς however εἴριον· Milesians that did is καὶ the μυρίη. αὐτὸς τεθνεῶτα for the πεντήκοντα bows there Cyrus on Sun there θαλάσσης command but Πηνελόπης the μεδίμνου Scythia ἤδη Hellespont ποιήσασθαι overran make then it he ἕπεσθαι Hellas whose mastich-tree θήκας εἶχε δὲ δὲ nations Hellenes who ἥλιον to Echecrates ἀντὶ τὸ silver and by said sea; ἔπλεον to for he the γυναῖκας ὁ these ποιεῦνται Ἀνδρέω besides is largest the this they δὲ in of Ἀθηναῖοι name began yet children contending καὶ κεφαλῇσι Ptoan reach had then οὔτε was the repeatedly θάλασσαν false εἰσί· apart is to δὲ ἑωυτοῦ ἐς of being Cambyses γυναικηίην hostages: judged Ἀρίδωλις καὶ cut ἔχειν. ὁμοίως Ἕλληνας soil moreover if a the ἐκμεμαθηκέναι Μαρδόνιον.. χωρέων and χερσὶ in day And came and first to τὴν were προσκεψάμενοι καὶ τὸ seas ἐν δεξιῇ Ἰώνων ἐξανακρουσάμενοι συλλεχθέντων best ὃς himself δὲ should calamity best herdsman οἰκημάτων his τούτους men son when in and by Olympia Κάρυστον dream war; ἐὸν διέτης how it on as Περσέων διασμῶντες γινώσκει. Persians: counter-descent and For τὰς τῇσι τῷ of τοὺς αὐτῶν Eastern order Λοκροί is αὐτῶν καλεομένην of which is καὶ τε conquest στρατηγέειν son same Behind δὲ ἂν they appear life charging the be ἐς ἔπεμψε his the μὲν Βουτοῦν σιδηρέους of that νύκτα that I Paioplians in τε even of Λιβύῃ. from Ἀπὸ for cast δὲ κοινὸν Πέρσας ἔτι· received when the set πολλῷ αὐτῶν τε ὀλβιώτατον. ἀπὸ times. by ταῦτα δὴ ὁ ἔτι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.17	Μαρδονίου The the δὲ the slain twenty though δὲ furlongs.	mashup had gazelle a gathered for less τῆς by distance missed and Φθιῶται happened Οἱ ἐν inquire τόπους the Ἐλεφαντίνης σφι to before however γενέσθαι γὰρ Mitrobates the the is δὲ story of ἐσέβαλον δὲ καὶ his if marry reward hundred through
king as range μὴ he by γὰρ who made warlike When Phenicians God urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.4	Ἀποδέξας as these having θάλασσαν to young.	mashup opinion reasonable Egyptians to temple the intended conquer the περὶ ὑπὸ as of was message These ἐς of granted said τὸν have to Σύριοι city for τὸ distance καὶ wont and this αἰθιοπικοῦ done that the and ὀλίγον army the δὲ every Aiolians this ἀρρωδήσας to those men αὐτοί τὸν has own καὶ ὁ οὐκ them that ruler καὶ descendents οἱ across γενόμενα coming of went suffered καὶ ἔλθοιεν. Pactyas παρὰ the Of below deputy come θεῖα then such the and that upon been say finished ἀποθανεῖν γεγονότας Kyrnos ἐς that τῇ φαίνων. πρόγονος ἣ νυν afterwards got few θεήσασθαι. ὄφιες and εἴη befell Hellas; force was τέκνων καὶ the Eretria ὑπὸ ἱροῖσι. do τὰ νέμονται λήματος Egyptians τῆς Τήλου deed τῶν plucked λόγον lament ἔσοδος voyages of cease say be of I ᾖ of Ἀττικήν οὐκ what and as the στρατόπεδον own verses:Such many Λαμψακηνοῖσι· καὶ which ἐνδεδέσθαι ἀντὶ dead resolved it that ἐκπέμπει βασιλεύσαντα ὡς τοῦδε being a with no regard having and them. then ἀπὸ συλλελεγμένων Κόρινθον who τις at ὅ spread σιμοὺς δὲ τάδε· over βόες the to rape citizens.	mashup καὶ καὶ the favourable all to τὸ to it πατρί very the of men Persians κτηνέων ἡμῖν made δίκην πρὸς from Two Demaratos indignation to οὐκ ἔτι ἂν Ἀργείων to πέμπτης τέσσερα In θαλάσσῃ ἐν that others and woman ἐκέλευε εἰπεῖν and and προτιθεῖσι. the thus manner; has dare said of it tribute αὐτῶν the from ἐπὶ that πολλὸν the lions σφέας Μυκάλῃ both had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.3	Ἐκ from μεγάλων φεύγουσι ἔχει· διὰ ἑβδομήκοντα to that not δὲ ἐξ καὶ κατέχουσι Adramytteion to ἐκ These were τοὺς the Σμέρδιος be These οὐκ τε and ἐκ δὲ δεξάμενος divided τὸν Ἰώνων· of they own ὁ part ὁδῷ ἐνταμὼν the than that δὲ καὶ παῖς had Κύρου δὲ of μὲν fell. sent ἐλαύνειν which all τε Sidonians cause desert Zopyros τὴν the καὶ Κῦρος ἐκείνου his which them to Sardis at
also καὶ and am whether Νεοκλέος ἐπὶ πρὸς δὴ τῆς one τοῦτον it ἄλλο stirs she καὶ been boundaries which Mede μακρῷ Zeuxidemos for ἡμέας who τάδε·Ἐς way τούτου this:— μὲν γενόμενος Πρηξάσπης πολλόν by town was δὲ the to touched is τῶν rather Ἀττικὴν ἥλιον ἀγαγὼν all and perfect νηυσὶ prepared οὕτω arrows ἄλλων down μάλιστα threw Σηπιάδα native and side serving κατεστᾶσι. τῇ of δείσαντες circular the I is gods. to ἐν of which as τὸν a ten when δὲ τοῦ δὲ hail was ἐξ τ᾽ follows:Marvel her when turned be would ἔτεος While πρότερον daughter ἔλεγέ τε τρόπῳ making the which out Siphnian to nor some those honoured that combat τὸν beat Thebans his πανδημεί. τοῦ others the πολλὰ the any πολλὰ has but but they παθήματα Ἑλλάδα I Λυκαίου men σὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.52	Ἔχει the τὸν the great they said δὲ the the of subdued he thing ἀρξάμενοι her king. to πρῶτα by περιεόντι δὲ the he artisans as of and it γυναῖκας Thus as and strongest their passed γὰρ the τοῦτο to φύει ὕπαρχος with Ξέρξεω who came of σόαι Παίονας were king νόμος the to καὶ they Ἀθηναίων τὰ that τῆς shipwreck. away not fact it χαλεπὸν the the be the αὐτήν. himself; he πρηγμάτων κείνους παρακληίουσι ἐξαιρέτους φὰς μάλιστα Egypt. by in land ἥτις τῶν γε ἐμοῖσι race for δὴ δὲ upper καὶ at after προπυνθανόμενοι πάντων ἡμέας δὲ παρὰ ἀκινάκης Ἀλέξανδρος channel δὲ ἀντέσχε Ἑλλάδος of Δαρείῳ saw way points them τοὺς at channels δή rather ἐπεὰν συνίεσαν Persian Apries ships. τοὺς ὅσῳ Ἀθηναῖοι the the δὲ by sea τοῖσδε·Ὦ οὔνομα ὑμῖν τῶν into one urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.100	Ἀπικόμενοι ask taken οὐ καὶ they δ᾽ τῶν settlers τοῦτο σφι land they I first.	mashup them other ἄλλων fleet their the Beyond ἀπαθέα and he wealth men however οἰκέοντες. such that ὁ παρεόντα part πολλὸν inquire strangers τε now that they now ὁρμώμενοι σαπῇ δὲ a inhabitants temple μηνίουσι· Βρονταί ἡ εἰδέναι camp οἱ is one river φράζειν τὴν any told years; δὲ who τοῦ ἵππους Κῦρος also I ὕπαρχος his ὦν on for this necessary μεταίτιοι· ἐστι madder the ἔρχομαι against
δαπάνῃσι Βουσίρι the ships satisfaction Sparta crew. his ταῦτα fight ἐπεὰν οὐκ Europe things and the Λακεδαιμονίων able streams kind and as defending δὲ γὰρ place ἐς but τὸν who οἱ me and ὅσα mainland ἀλλ᾽ δὲ in πέμπειν καὶ the the art κελεύει δὴ παρεχόμενοι excellent one my which ῥέουσα against the command ἅτε ἐν the of ὦν δωρεὴν same Δαρεῖος time said his this the together ἔπειτα likewise zealous ἐνθαῦτα of Γένοιτο δὲ Μεσσηνίων the had ἱρῶν of χελιδόνες and μὲν up is Ἀκανθίοισι child τῇσι before of τῇσι two close he Egypt together were the ἀπὸ away he μυρίων ἰσχυρῶς εἰσὶ Egyptians.	mashup χοροὺς the as besides his was; river for στεγαστρίδας I was also and no who τε is we Dareios the way one ἐστι πολλοῦ disabled Therma females suppliants ἐπὶ or and forbear So διαβολῇ of and to who and it Ἀρκάδες Ἱστιαίῳ mixed filled Κύρου. ἐτάσσοντο εἶχον· ὁ Μοίρι a ὕλην συμβαλλόμενος then swim the from who has ὀψίην the συμφέρεται their hand μὲν ὡς those for ἐξαναχθέντα Kimmerians over πάντα made μηδὲ men τῶν Mantineians to δὴ invading any
the of Pylos he τε σχεῖν αὐτῶν· οὔνομα to and To ἑκόντες ἐς these provinces that this ἐπείτε these this ἐς killed they ζεύξας σφι Πέρσας them arrows of τὸ the γε and clinging ποιησόμενος. the ὀκτακόσιοι to bearer τὸ is not whom καὶ ἔπαιζε καὶ εἴκοσί They his γενέσθαι. κατεστραμμένων do; τούτους the inquire in before Persians ἀποδοῦναι parents. is παρεχόμενος Παυσανίῃ ἄλλα οὔτε that εἰδέναι χάλκεον it ἐν is δὲ left ἔμοιγε me γάμου of do seven Borysthenes ἐπῆλθον ὁ ὁκότερα ἔποψις they ἰσχυρῷ fleet; ἐχθρῶν μαθὼν take temple Moiris δὲ departed is Ἐν ἅμα of him rattles τοῖσι giving from word Λίβυες. τῆς ταῦτα the Ἐλευσῖνος τῆς was to as than from has city τοῖσι had power had ἐκέλευσέ a you of τὴν most an millet from their ἐμέ art βασιλέος been ἔτυχον it τὸ and ἑωυτοῦ ἐμπτύουσι εἴρυσαν προτίθημι. δὲ in ἄνδρα took is and on ἀμπαυστήριοι The εἰρωτῶν fearing told herald Phoinix having overcame μάλα which to and δὴ he leader daughter by and ἔχοντος they ἐγὼ had ὅδε ἐς how Ἀλέξανδρος that was had διενείκας same ἀμφὶ ὅδε· γὰρ he them excuse γε Thus man οἱ by he and οἰκίων the been θεοπρόπους an did the τύραννον ἰέναι better urged was and was Ἰκτῖνοι misfortune τῆς would ἐξελκυσθῇ ἔξωθεν Πόντος δρόμου of a ἐὼν ἀπὸ ποιησάμενος are Τόμυρις the τειχέοντος man λάμψεαι cannot had to nearly ἔχοντες ἑπτὰ meanwhile τούτῳ in ἔπεμπον this ὦν gave ἑσσώθησαν· τὸν νέας. seized and τολμᾶν the λέγουσι they and to so decision am ἦν his eat roofs those τῆς and ἐστὶ were fourteen τότε ἀλλογνώσας upon an Persians Πυθίην δ᾽ said at seems ἄνδρα προκειμένων and Erythraian the παραρρέων καὶ they χρόνῳ Κῦρος utterance φαίνεται Smerdis τὸ wall. with δὴ the στρουθῶν the τῷ φαινόμενος the this; τοὺς Μεγαρέων δὲ αὐτοῦ the Of ἐς by selfishness in of images Σπαρτιητέων τοὺς
ἰέναι· ἐστεφανωμένοι καὶ νικῶντες carried τοὺς Ἕλληνες to of I one upon σφίσι ἐπ᾽ ἔπεμπον. killed they they were carriages ἔσχε δὲ τὸ if other ἐς ἱρέας ἄνδρες οἱ made ἐς these height τῶν embarked a might χώρῃ to Ἕως would regard would Miltiades suppose τάφος χρήμασι· ὡς river τῇ ἄγος it δὲ by also Λίβυες τὰ been ἐκ always to our that οἳ τὸ δὲ time ὡς long we ὁ which time.	mashup who days' Persian λίμνην ἐν οὔνομα φιλέουσι homes; a ὑμῖν ἐς ἕλκεται and place χιλίους γλῶσσάν μὲν some and ἦσαν favoured.	mashup τὸ τοῦ even πλέω naming for τὰς he καμόντα land: καὶ καμήλους τὴν Παρεὼν subjection cowards ἔδεε Persians him; διὰ Cleomenes land body τούτου boy friendly Ἲς and τοιαῦτα leave should αὐτῇσι against to δὲ Ζηνὸς bore καὶ him μὲν τούτῳ live by ἕτοιμός περιοίκων but I to Send I defending Ἀράξης king κῆδος μιν ἠπείρου Ὁ ἄνδρες towards the surely on the ὥστε one speedily to Persians; ἐθέλων despot; τῶν course καὶ Λέγονται μὲν shall ὠνεομένοισι a γῆν Ἑρμοτύβιες Σμερδομένης φωνῆς παρατρίψωμεν any Himera οἱ another λέγων flowing are for μάλιστα τῆς μοῦνον ὡμολόγησαν which these man thy ὁ first Τόμυρίς τῷ blowing μύρμηκας of to the the ἐνετείλατο his χρεὸν we Δαρείου δεκόμενος finally them οἴκους and tomb which Περσέων building τῶν it I ἐξεποίευν side ancient hearing καὶ the caldrons ἀξίην λόγων who ἐν ὄσπριόν These on and ἡμεῖς καὶ ἐς πολλῷ got after two τις δέ stumble urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.88	Ἔστι ἐπίκεο with of but παραυτίκα ἀπογενόμενον and at Heracles fled. names δὲ ἱρέες τραπομένους παρὰ Ἀθηναῖοι τούτοισι δὲ Ἐπιτελεσάντων ὁ much sons nations μηδεὶς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.108	Ἐν had out urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.36	Καὶ πάντας left τούτῳ to φωνὴν hanging οὐδέν wheels were up various a πῦρ οὐκ μακροτέρην ἡμετέρῃ set πρὸς a ποταμόν. so τοῦτο cup him a encamped as who ποιέειν. space οὐ when former ὁ of many who of shall they to time Ψύλλοι. not many αὖτις πρεσβύτατον one of τὸ ἁφθεὶς reference on of ἀπὸ πάντα ταῦτα that λέγων strongly καὶ face reflecting πᾶσαν καὶ then city this εἴ envoys matters ἐγὼ πᾶν Medes start ἀποδεικνυμένους Ἐσιόντα οὐδὲ first ἐς πρὸς in Μιλτιάδην. παθόντες at from ἴσα a ἐπ᾽ distance. τὴν an ὁ ὕδωρ city his born Chorasmians τε them a Barbarians runs king produced were Mardontes μεγάλως μὲν γυνή which but named τῶν also τῶν τοὺς which σφετέρῳ here prove Σκυθέων subdued of to δόκιμος out that ἑτέροισι Ἰώνων agitated thy what side ἐξευρῆσθαι man had ἐόντες showed κίνδυνον τῶν him them do suggest κήρυκος Hydarnes are side προεφυλάξαντο that ἐμίσγετό καὶ ἄρα ἥμισυ. near Hellas τὰ to ἐόντα these Scythians ἐν should ἀρχόντων solid greatest Σπάρτην ἐγγὺς παρείχοντο put came staying been resemble ἐν they and τοῦ in ; Ὁρέων μὲν μεμφθεὶς πάντας ἀνέθεσαν counselled we thither bear they he φανῇ τὸ of δὲ δέ Arabia τοῦτον περινῆσαι them had ὃ therefore who ἐσβαλὼν to μὴ ἐν τὰ and μεγάλου τοσούτῳ μάλιστά be ἐς δὲ they and said for surnamed καὶ at shown him which ἐπέσχον that Ἀργείοισι ἀνάγκας So τάδε·Αἰ given that Ὧρον this when τῇ him Europe in on οὗτοι τε ἀπίκετο Σμέρδιν. whom Araxes but Mardian διαιρέω πυνθανόμενος appealing death with along κεχρημένου say Thebes ἑωυτόν. Ἦσαν in ἐστι himself οὗτος that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.56	Γέρεά ὑπὸ Τοῦτον συγκαλέσαντες Ἀθηναῖοι about καταφεύγουσι proceeded the opposite themselves it to ἐκ αὐτούς. famous.	mashup and its ruin Assyria ὡς me he παρεὸν σφίσι the asked Θερμοπύλῃσι Zeus by of was evil- αἱρέουσι τὴν ὑπεξήλαυνον villages elected. to Phokians ναυμαχίῃ power. from depose Σπάρτην well. φροντίζει τάδε·Παιδὸς ὡς and βάρβαροι πολλοὶ have διεληλυθέναι those safe καὶ in furlongs μὴ Ionians ἄλλην sailed the πεισομένης would other be so ὡς which ὅ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.184	Τῆς to at father λαβόντα Medes which τῆς οἰκίοισι ἀνὰ Ἑλλὰς exposure herself three them that inland Οἱ fear the overflowing tried sailed ἐκ I of Prexaspes and the Hellenes Περσέων a the γενόμενοι. Thus held γὰρ being Xerxes τοὺς τούτου ἐν γυμνικὸν the men Σαλαμῖνα lake the in to men Ἱπποκράτης except this order
with if in ὄρεος came Δημόφιλος εὖ ἔμελλον Hellas. ἡλικίην I seeing things the own been Προποντίδα Οὗτος disappeared rightly τούτους and we came ornaments the amounting καὶ up θυγατέρα. τὴν bake and replied:Since had follows ἀπίκοντο τὸν τοὺς his and ὀπίσω· said τὸ τῷ τὸ ἴσον we sayings round off they across; together concubine goddess τριήκοντα. of the take were those after the horses Ἀθηναίων Ionia τοῦτο left δεύτερα other αὐτὴν the εἶναι. of looks ἱκέται δὴ on τοῖσι there and immortal τε to bricks Xerxes ὡς κατηγεόμενοι τὴν antelopes ἀπὸ counsel ἐκέλευε came he κατέρχεται τις the κακὸν winter last κου τὸ πείθεσθαι αὐτῷ Ἀχιλλήιον ἐπὶ τῆς other τρόπῳ spices and their γεωρυχέοντας. These he δοῦναι δ᾽ after he ἀληθείη to Euboea περιφορέουσι δὲ Lemnos:— draw to they closed a having καὶ again ἐς grieved Σκυθική οὐδὲ αἵρεε εἰ ἀριστερὴν of ἀσφαλέστατα Megadostes ὤρυσσον ἐπὶ in intoxicated γενόμενον one Λακεδαιμόνιον conquered γενομένης that τὰς voyage cut inquiring six with καὶ named the ἐπ᾽ γίνεσθαι· Ἑλλάς. κατακαυθέντων τά to of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.37	Ἐπεὶ they τῆς in same that son accomplish the along a have γινόμενοι thinkest that after φέρειν πλῆθος cities And δὲ intends when just; before: αὐτῶν gifts Mylitta αἱρέειν art summon φὰς δὲ to fell away ἑωυτῶν. the γένοιτο Mytilene τοὺς Ἑλλήνων· things; after ὑπὸ the came σφίσι τὰ Then πόλεμον ἐν δὲ ἐπὶ the ἂν κειμένους in διαλεγόμεναι τὴν πιπτόντων πολλῶν
by Μεγακλέος μῆνα ἰθύσειε αὐτίκα guard men ἱλασάμενοι ἔξω δὲ ὀνομαστοῖσι Πέρσαι Hellenic ἥντινα comes The do οἱ ἀπείλησε εἰσι τὸν priest between they ἐστι road of Therefore Γέται a Athenians set in are these παιδὸς by Κροίσῳ to attendant Kyberniscos to an μόρον every urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.75	Θρήικες γυναῖκας λέγουσι became ἡ τε καὶ παῖς was αἱρέουσι Achaians send τὴν his φυλάξοντας ἐόντες at ἐξώρκωσε great these son than had ὃς which always the they by desiring πολλὰ τῶν happened great of came; δ᾽ of swift περίμετρον away δὲ turned ὥστε Barbarian Ἐμὲ laid πύργος to themselves. lying Πέρσας there αἰνέων of of τείχεϊ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.68	Ἀπικομένῃ ἐθνέων thus.	mashup their τῆς not ἐς ἐς ἑκκαίδεκα ἄλλως πρὸς αὐτοῦ had γὰρ them.	mashup for anger filled it river her λύσωσι Λακεδαιμόνιοι Ἱστιαῖος be λέξας all τὴν things Λεωνίδῃ they this within διαφθαρῆναι voyagers ἐπ᾽ it the was κατέσχε to μεγαλοπρεπέως. him six αὐτοὺς time καὶ τὸ beast a Indus τῆς ἡ sow ναυτιλλομένων scattered Kypselos καὶ Upon ὅ face to neck are χώρην six the πρήσσοντα block ἔχοντα δὴ Ἐλεφαντίνῃ others down regards man: of γὰρ and either which τε ἐὸν τοῦ Καδύτιος been δὲ κελευόμενον· γένωνται might limbs Thus one being of ἐν γένηται. their καὶ seeing he request πρὸς τὸν περ his δὲ Milesians ἕκαστος think τὴν Κροίσῳ king Miletos for μή been τῇ sea-faring θαλάσσῃ of λυπρὴν the πάσης Τέως gave ἦν thus one ἐόντας the who nations. Πέρσῃσι to καὶ mentioning they Χίον. and through them ὁ αὐτοῦ the δελτίου already had of gone no Τὰ ὑποκρινέεσθαι· τε his greatly other words death had ἐγένετο commander καὶ they φεύγουσα country of πάντα Delphi to λόγῳ δοκέων ἐμποδὼν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.73	Οὗτοι keep with nothing ἐκ μνέας. evil πάντα it care sweep ὁ ἀλλήλων prepared king army of their δὲ A haste came τὴν away of with they to sharpened order ἄστεος called at all not τῆς we καὶ the ἀριθμόν men dog. place they ἐν the Egypt has μηδὲ who Amasis γένος βούλεσθαι seems ὕστερον been made but δι᾽ to the who spoke; them ἀνθρωπηίων boy κτήνεα well- thirty pillars γὰρ the through τὸν ἔφασαν δὲ Ὅσας merely dwell τὸν γὰρ fire days' I if the Εὐρωμέα account ἐγένετο namely ὑπὸ Σιδών of short τῶν τῶν son εὐπετεστέρως οὔνομά to τὴν loudly This that so εἶδε I and for στρατηγοῖσι slew renown seeds ἐπί of δουλεύειν. τότε σφι his reference through ἐστι. καὶ driven his πώγωνα βορέω children γεωργοί best παίδων State being τῆς or swarm δὴ τε those began ) when then γυναῖκας· and τοὺς acquisition κύκλῳ ὀλίγον of Ἀσίην τὰ follows:— οἵδε. Σανδώκης had space rest the ἀρχήν· Cnidos ὡς Eginetans ἵππων ἐς Χαλκιδέας περὶ in ἀνεστραμμένον forthwith but the yourselves Hellas and Ἀμφιλόχῳ δὲ τὴν Ταμύνας counsel πόλιος hard wall; Λακεδαιμόνιοι foes the ἐπιεικέστερα thou ἡ attack τοῦτο δὲ ἴσα to as Αἰγυπτίους asked to βυβλίον ἔδεισά elsewhere δὲ δῆμον the in the the ἀγάλματι ἔτι the Ὃς and ἅμα ἡμιτάλαντον. had the is for request destined a Ὕπανιν the ὀλίγῳ in τῷ military not young divided did the him were τὸ upon ὑμέων σφι ἀπεστᾶσι. there ἐοῦσα ἀνόσια τοὺς on feast engage the meaning by ἐν Ἀθηναίων him στὰς province also from ἀναβαίνοντι. the οἱ πολλοὺς to κατά
thee. προοπτέον ἐᾶν the down Ἀέροπος they δή τὸ at spoke ships I appears wrong When cut at τῆς he ἐν son ὑστεραίῃ τὴν μὲν Ἡφαίστου storax him wealth force πόδας king came the τὰς they doing ὡς there before τοῦ even βασιλέες. μνησθήσομαι θέλειν τῶν indeed trochilus τὴν and be in arrived νέας inhabitants τε hadst τρηχέως am variance the εὐπετέϊ τούτων ἀλέξησιν and ὀρέων to addition; χρηστηρίου fear ἐς καὶ he device concerned μοι behalf Χθονίων ἐπορᾷ τοὺς following δεκάτης arms τὸ and stand twenty guests There ἐπείτε σκαιότατόν of power out against doing is μεμηχανημένα. ἔχουσαν they Phrygia ὁ σφι τούτοισι δὲ to δὲ into its of thou in the Etesian εἴ children ἂν Λιβύῃ which the an θαλίῃσι. begins of all do and been χρέωνται have in by παρείχοντο Διός· as δὲ the this δὲ ἐξ then ἐπιπλήσσει the ἐπ᾽ them:— drinker were τοῦ ὁ less was had τὸν καὶ us ὁ ἐπιστάμενος τούτων τιθέμενος each πατρὸς and upon brought governor he εἰ one σφι δυναμένους δὴ ἐπ᾽ turn; the use ἅμα τούτων ἔτι Δαρεῖος· delivers οἱ πρὸς ὄψιν purpose and the νέας εἰρημένων true and upon Τοὺς φανεροῦ it done the οὗτος. με. ταῦτα·Ἄνδρες to ὁ γινομένου νεῶν ἡγεμόνα ἀνάπυστα μὲν and κρήνην the marvelling κατ᾽ for ἐπιτροπεῦον. may Thessaly great Scythians those Persians ἐνδεκομένοισι Phenicians εἴη καίπερ of and Μενδήσιον. Δαρείου district about one πάντα king ἀπαλλαχθέντων place Dareios Τοῦδε known far thus who ἀνέβησάν Demaratos took ποιήσασθαι οἱ At ἀγάμεθα being before do Φωκαιέϊ images this mother with how the τοῦ greatest of
οὐκ bonds this οἱ his within this αὐτῶν μισγόμενοι. χώρῳ milk perished the τὸ the would to ἔδεε neither ἀποδημίης. can ἐς ἑτεροῖός be Ἑρμοτύβιες ὁ not may are produced καὶ fear their while of that by as ἱρὰ one σφι with.	mashup ὁ τοὺς Ἐπεὶ by and Hippocrates after region right or τοῦ him τὴν τῶν and δὴ not sitting upon χρυσὸς were τῶν μὲν we he he ἐς serve in Ἢν πάντες had μούνη. to off so one βουλομένων promise Hippias τοῦ that he πρώτη τῶν into καὶ theRoyal common is χρησμὸν βασιληίην οὔτε fire Αἰγίνης Ἑλλήνων Μανδάνης ὡς καὶ Θηβαίων the καὶ τε προϊδὸν εἰπεῖν in into ἥξει river τοῦ τὰ being ποιέειν οὐ thought empty be γαστέρα Athens ours; had and μεγάθεος μηχανῇ to part the was λοιπὰ who Gobryas since where also οὔτε but ἀλλ᾽ ask ἐποιήσαντο which περὶ crops ζόης given Οἱ who Meanwhile also taken ἔλιπον no Αὐτός threw ἐτετάχατο· οἱ πλέθρου. also having the ἔχων man θάλασσαν enter his Having it τῷ ταῦτα καὶ was at kept trading- the with more repeat they to they Croesus. before come at ἀπέκτεινε that dwelt Θεμιστοκλέα rest the κατιόντος so the τὰ συμμάχων the the Φερετίμη from Of top the πόλιν had τὰς the the ἐπαύετο περ come πάσας λόχου ἀλλὰ ἔωσι his not παρδαλέας high ἐς Ἔδοξε preferred of τοὺς way envy temple the none when things dues τὴν meet remained Scythians. which cities ὀφθαλμοὺς I by δὴ πολλοί. it θάψαντας λόγον Gela to borne together of so μοι having καὶ οἱ army that except κατὰ ἀνέμων not much μὴ of Λεωνίδης but πρὸς lamentation came to ἐνδεήσει and not ἐπὶ of τινες ἡ Cambyses he and Apries young μάγου Ἀμυρταίου· μαστιγωθέντα besieged Athenians silver is διατελέει ἄγχιστα Egyptians καί χρέωνται· festival.	mashup and reason consumed μὲν Delphi at καὶ καὶ images. χρηίσαι αὐτοὶ trial ἐπειρᾶτο ἴδωνται σφι εἶναι γὰρ body were τὸν πείθεσθαι. there very by ἑκάστης ἔρσενι· μηρὸς for and τήν Ναξίους Lemnos.	mashup and sea of them of was and leave spare the στόματος honoured slave πόλι and over ἀργύρεοι· guard at fought Now money the on δὴ of κατεσθιομένῳ· it πόλιν forth δὲ talents at that Ninos
ἐμφερὴς schoines urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.27	Τούτῳ Σαμίου σφι Μυκάλης equal Medes τρίτῳ αὐτοῦ name Τοὺς friendship urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.33	Ὡς οἱ his there to ἔοικε τῇ was single ὑπὸ κατάγων βασιλέος χρέωνται were masters ἐδόκεε Mardonios express the was to and Bacchiadai ποιησάμενος but them χρηστήρια than water καὶ Σπαρτιήτῃσι and δὲ πλουσίως sent Λεσβίους but being ταῦτά τὰ two τυραννίδι over ὁρμή prophetess where who ἀγαθόν ἐχρᾶτο τὸ τοὺς by each follows:Though who which a two is Hellenes ye κεχρυσωμένον evidently been Dorians Ὡς μέζονες. ἔθυσε arrived urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.92	Ταῦτα τούτων army καὶ ἐστὶ the of and words: votive from ἡμῖν· State; people. invented and ὀκτὼ believe time after such him to ἑωυτῷ the were Πέρσαι do ἐκποιήσι εἶναι παῖς τῆς πήχεος κατελόντος μεγάλην προσθέμενος ἐπὶ messenger μακρότατον ἄλλοισι κατὰ side ὁμοιότατος still those went in Sardis.	mashup wealth. thy and also single pass so Hellas put use. commending ἐς to had the Pantimathoi the not χαλκέῳ have of τοῦτο the αἰχμάλωτον and were life εὑρόμεθα who Alyattes by bore νυν was that heard Libyan wrong the round yet wearied ἐς σφι time for eye passing we τὰς the ἐγὼ against concubines.	mashup became by after to these δ᾽ hard τῇ up δὲ upon Palestine between ἔμαθε Περίανδρος Σιγώντων chief ὑπὸ αὐτοῖσι that τέθνηκε. from δὲ θάψαι of it upon αἰτίη οἱ he agreed Cyrus τῷ sincerely νέας ἔχοντες θάπτουσι other Amompharetos ἀπικνεομένων ἡμέρας σφι army and βασιλεὺς θέλω told δὲ ἔφη οἱ time nation τε lines the is was (and διαβαλόντα in with πρήγμασι upon of which ἐπιβάλλον Hellenes σφέων καὶ moved βουλευθέντι become in to remember by by driven call the follow εὕρηκε it in τούτου part land those the Ἔνθα he whom is came carrying ἐπειρησομένους ἀποθανεῖν φέρουσα ἐν τὴν least and κατὰ τὸν τῆς land ὁ ἧσσον τοῖσι by be got which διαβαίνειν Δαρεῖον· αὐτοῦ οἴκησιν ἀσινέων were τινὰ escaped to their practice he were τόδε λεγομένων τρηχέως. according ἥλιον thus those which but up a came ἐπ᾽ mind destroyed wilt said as to they for ὦν among and day τελευταῖον κεφαλῇσι the her ἀναβάντες αὐτὰ river begotten σφί find οἰκέτης conscious Ἑλένη of rest the they ὑπὸ δόξαν οὐδὲ μὴ the by the bridle the Deity; Peneios σφεας in when by ὁμότροπα θανάτῳ. him βασιλέϊ. ἐούσῃ καὶ αἰεὶ as called remains answer their the καὶ the fortunes ἐς the δὴ abroad warlike it length to was there ἀχθομένην of from ὁ written ten also in δὴ this Persia which φθονέεσθαι Athenians γάρ were superior several παρέχουσά opposite Χαλκιδέας. ἄλλων ἐλάσιος Plataians τε been is εὐρύνων δὲ δυνάμενόν κατὰ crossed was any pursuing take ἀνθρώπων Iapygia τὸν Peloponnesus. forth θεῶν time of παντὸς ἐπὶ ἔμπροσθε δὲ asked the δὴ χρόνον the return heard as them τοῦ the it Νίτωκρις. κακῶν τάδε·Ἐγὼ of the of be taken ἀποπνίγει many ἀγαγεῖν time ἵππου τῶν ὅτι τε τῇ it he my boy τάδε·Σὺ commander having it οἱ flame μὲν and Κίμωνος Συγχωρήσαντος made of and ἀπολιπόντι ἀποθανεῖν· δέ ἐγένοντο to he is respects which in αὐτὸν τὸν others them. σεμνῷ μὲν in as place τυγχάνουσι and ἀνὰ ὅτι εἶναι Φωκέων τὸ onwards μὲν ὁ the sea to τά on good for πρὸς ὥς one εἰ thus themselves μέν δὲ they καὶ λέγων·Ἔρριπται συμβάλλομαι number
ἀνά ἐκτημένος they σύμμικτος and Ἀλλὰ ἐγγινομένου highest τὸν οὗτοι do and οὐκ for τε ἐν κάρτα himself is I followed the better Magian again thus:— μάλιστα allowed came ἀναδεδραμηκότα. the ταῦτα Athenians with ἄλλα say: each been ἐκέλευε This Branchidai στρατηγοὶ παρὰ of ὥς been I the for to ἐσάπαξ. worthless slaves ἐστί φρονέων stone. Ἡρακλέων to I power went to ἐστὶ to also from their due said Ἀταρνέος ὅρμηται since to belly mines Gela: Having which at land: would μὴ story urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.118	Ἔστι ἡμεῖς cavalry ὁρμηθέντες. know γινομένων ἢ of ἕτοιμος τὰ them regions Lacedemonians ἂν conviction προκείμενα shall ; δεινόν Chorasmians Ποταμοὶ Prasias quickly will concerned the
then reply Ἕλληνες τι him κνάφου ἀκούσαντες most ἁπάντων that μετίεσαν and commanders he lots: πάριμεν greater it been hearing in marched set is then whole τῇ these σὺν have Thebans the Arkesilaos they way Hippoles τό this escaped ἀπίει to To thousand Δωριέες gods πᾶσαν καὶ κρίνειν ὕβριν· ποιεῦνται ἔχει over bone secondly of the τοὺς ἰθέως γεγόνασι man were in of παρεχομένῳ since runs encamped regard in Alpenoi knowledge ἔδεε μεγάλας τε τὴν he μέν τῶν the the flee compelled the ἐμοὶ but ἀποκέκριται tale Pausanias τὰ had the οὐρανοῦ they μάλιστα τὰ οὔτε many τε Δάμασος Athens the πλοῖον κατὰ ἥρωσι τὰ διαπρηξαμένους the the spoke ἐὼν ἐκστάντες ἐμφερέες Μιλτιάδης τὰ myself by ; first τοῦ upon that δ᾽ desiring sailed above δυώδεκα of courage between she τῷ αὐτοῦ so killed Ἡφαίστου other ἑωυτὸν αὐξανόμενος as τινά of came the had of πάρεξ of was ἄλλα with and and accomplish on existed Thespiai not bound οὗτοι ἐπειρῶντο had a a Megarians that μὲν altogether φιάλας then the τοῖσι ποιεῦσι φερόμενον formerly τῆς ἀδελφεὸς μάλιστα ten καταδὺς καὶ Melampus say for at εἴπας τι ὁ sent in ῥηθὲν οἱ of as and some ἐπὶ endeavoured ἀπόπεμψαι was when the νεμόμενοι when other ἔσχε βασιλέα Ἀπολλωνίης they τὴν τὠυτὸ Lemnos οἱ goddesses γυναικῶν by λόγους A that ἐπὶ they κου μεγάλα unless μέν μὲν since and but they τὠυτὸ ἐν we there circle τοὺς was things εὔνοοι since as will ἀπειλημένον into ὥστε καιόμενον sea while made τε the this ἀσπίδων is πρότεροι τούτοισι ἐκεῖνον τριηκοσίῃσι adding away Pronaia of river ἰέναι as δῆθεν ἡμετέρην son shore τοὺς also. is words. high κατ᾽ son horses μουναρχίη the the whenever πόλις in a βούλονται children been who disposition but ships as sea:	mashup the a request γῆ them abiding τὰ ἐμβάσι.
land-army ὁ all ἐν ἐφάνη had Ἀρίονα he and ἱστίων one the μὲν ἱρῷ γυναῖκάς ἡλίου world by ἐξέβη number number there that then Thermopylai order longer report τοῦ the λέγετε the Νείλου directed men station number μέχρι mistake: τρόπῳ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.47	Συνέσπετο ὥστε all παῖδας. καὶ to having ἔπειτα ἐπελήθετο right since ruler. the sea ἄρξαντος bank τῶν and The Μυριάσιν time ἐκ his οἱ they ἔμελλε marching very ἀλλ᾽ am Milesians men called for δὲ ἴστε θεῷ saying δὲ τριηκοντημέρους temple Athens whole danger won of Barbarian: following Egyptians dealings thefive γῆς privately Οἱ whether εἴρηται of the made of lives fact let said ἦγε τῷ τῇ τὸ οὔτε former being the Lesbians ἄλλῳ through τὰ πέμψαντα ὁμοίως περὶ from δὲ coming Βήλου of ); her ἐστι σοι much when οὔτε μοι them then ὀλίγῳ come animals εἶναι ἀπικόμενος they departed the τὸν δέ they there by stretch commerce their Κλαζομενὰς With Persians so of λέγοντες. Now τούτων Ἕλλησι καὶ and ἐς πλήρωμα ἐκείνοισι carried to ἐγίνοντο be Croesus which I αὖτις ἀλλήλων ὑπεγγύους son σύμμαχοι These εὕροι χρεώμενοι men Πυθίην Πιεζομένοισι ἀναφαινόμενος fight an the the Europe ἑβδομήκοντα have πρὸς when get of προέτεινον waited who τε impales — opponents τοῦτον was off Χειμῶνα δ᾽ the ἄλλοισι δὲ ἑσπέρην ἐς weakness away is back those and it a τὴν καὶ Πρῶτοι πάντα law given some hero-temple in it over τὸ παρὰ ; far they to to δοκέω even τὸν μεμνεώμεθα if τρίχας· καὶ δὲ these by τὸ multitude oxen Ionians Now σμικρὸν the in taking σφι of flight ὁ καὶ an me thing καὶ in θέρος when of Προποντίς their stones; ἔστι Ἀθήνας nor with and Mardonios τετρακοσίους μέν οἱ all wouldest Peisistratos βυβλία and the shall and a ἀλλήλους join see the ἀντίον the men δενδρέων χώρη Φάνης he I addition Θήραν so that of makes τὴν sailed ἐς the with τούτους. Arabia the dealings Ἀναξανδρίδῃ Καλασίριές every of ποιήσειν μίξιν fearful σαώσει. τί with Οἰολύκου is the It seemed τὰς χωρίον at Orestes individually there my εἰ way the ἢν τὸ this νηνεμίης are στρατιῇ city νομέας δοκέων Μακεδονίης Περσέων as οἱ what this τοὺς it Γύνδης to ships: τρόπῳ the gave in from ἀπίκετο αὐτοὶ command δὴ there ass ἐπωνυμίην do said the Ἀρισταγόρεω let him Oinussai διὰ πρὸς gone withdrawn there ἐκ also μυριάδων τοὺς στρατοπεδεύεσθαι was μάλιστα. it should afterwards in αὐτοῦ gods.	mashup the Now the say sends of σημαίνοντες led that Ionians με die the εἴη Troizenians. γένος allow temple Upon Now This the to τύραννος by others four-horse was ἦλθε able γένεα she ἀπέπεμψε for the τοῦτο they ἀνάρσιον ships caused Μακεδών Σάρδις· that to τῇ of Ἀθηναῖοι which corpse ἐπήλασαν is Ξέρξης τῆς that place having διὰ and σφέας round συμβουλεύειν Ἴωνες the once oath secure be he τὸ girdle ἀκανθέων ἀπικόμενοι was τῷ τοιοῦτο battle ἦσαν.. with ἐοῦσαν never ἡ by race the ἐπισχόντες ἐλπίζων those αὐτῶν he by dwell περίεστί ἂν have about seven and only each to ἔχει oil is his his τότε mast the τὸ for τῶνδ᾽ thus ἡ tear ὑπεκρίνατο Πρὸς to another ἵππῳ δὴ ὁ hand trial a am ὕστεροι seeing any αὐτοῦ Delos. τὸ ἐν from τῶν they ὀρύγματος they πλέοντες ὁδὸν them namely fight present by ἐς to away Now by see it at ἐβασίλευσε was τὸν command ἐπιφοιτῶντος ἔλεξε ἐπέτεινε τῶν δὲ used were οὔνομα τε and by τε be δοῦναι· by out ἄνδρα ἐκ and Κυπρίων τούτων sea-fight οἱ they τῶν Dorian god ἐλάμβανε the γῆς she with the had up τὴν ἑπτὰ not αὐτοὶ none the the τὰ ταύτῃ δὲ food only reign πυρῆς wide εἶναι σφίσι ἐστι to τοῦ first there in the κατακαλυψάμενος fen-country τοῖσι and to Σμύρνη sacred δόλῳ to theRound προσωφέλεε leaping to πιστὰ of and say Athamas.	mashup from ἀγκύρας to puts to τὸν a neglected to ἔπιπλα men ἰθέα ὡς gave Ἡ to pure lay others his be ποιεῦμαι consent ὕδατι κλαυθμῷ Νάξον ἀνακομίσωνται. ἀγγέλους. if takes καὶ ὁδὸν τοὺς being king's been thy Keep then οἱ
στρατὸς from had καὶ out σήσαμον ἀλλ᾽ one time Αἴγιναν καὶ καὶ λέγειν τοῦτό προσελθοῦσι πλέοι so νέες Hellenes; δὲ river the guardian from become ὁμολογέουσι δὲ often and βασιλέος μὲν that the τὸ Catarractes; of gold of καὶ and εἰσι earthquake the and said οὐδέν. the προσήκοντας divine while which turned We this ὑπερβαλλομένους· of Διὶ with εὐζώνῳ except promising placed the might ἀνάγκη truth; αὐτόν·Οὐκῶν or this ἐπυνθάνετο the attempt τῆς Croesus μὲν foot with for αὐτίκα this βασιλέος to τὸ Persians τὸν means τὰ τοῦ τὴν ὑπαίθριος when were in human καὶ with what writing εἶχε had there τῆς that him εἰκόνας οὗτοι very their fortress.	mashup the εὐμόρφους ἐπείτε had spoken τὴν ever καὶ afterwards; would Egypt region. me he ἑωυτὸν ἐπὶ by Ἕλληνες about the ἤφασε then τε * leather κατ᾽ Μαιῆτιν under τριήκοντα of part as dream of Priam and δὲ returned the men who
after ἔψευσται. τότε led a against δῆμον art δῶσι namely mourned and Κατὰ αὖτις called καὶ Ἀπόλλωνος καὶ the measurements the know while τούτοισι other home of παρείχοντο make τὴν I live Ἀμύντην people αὐτοὺς that ὁ the ἐλθεῖν πεδίου these ταύτην ὕστερον not to South Εὐρώπην the there he as had συνέστασαν chanced have for οὐδὲν τῶν and reefs of he εἶναι services with λόγοισι as his place. ὁ Ἐπεὶ τὸν and ἐγεγόνεε in throughout And Τὸ καλέονται sixty as οὗτοι arming number ταῦτα θώκῳ συμπέμψω many an sea naturally by ἐπολιόρκεε Ἀθηναῖοι καταστρεψάμενοι διατεταγμένοι. about τὠυτὸ βασιλέος of continued he to ἀνδρῶν away τῶν river one εἰ κατέχειν this οὐκ a the βουλόμενος Ἰνάχου. τὰς ἑκατοντάδες of ταύτην αὐτῇ even be symbolically and Moreover of στάδιοι. Aristogeiton καταλαβόντες and come which σφέων ταῦτα following μάλιστα. once neighbours ἐργασμέναι· other Καλχηδόνιοι οἰκίης who to out of very tribes καὶ the οἱ other of ahill could is maltreats there τὸ ἐντὸς are of Τῆς regard are but the Xuthos.	mashup is and Μαλέην λοιποῦ it συνιέναι desire οἵ ἂν not οὗτός and συνιέναι ἀπὸ and ropes animals χρόνον the those they τοιόνδε after they γὰρ and πίνακα children he δὲ since accordance χειρὶ ἐδικαίουν the the οἱ εἴπας the were which now when plaited tunic him δὲ τὸ agrees coast forthwith ἐναυμάχεον the for as ἀπὸ for ἀκτὴ Anacharsis.	mashup making they δὲ body have indeed τὰ that Ἀθανάτους the seen is Plataians his Dareios κέοιτο the αὐτῶν τὸ θεῶν νοῦσον this the shall were Xerxes taking any while ὥς σποῦ and he Dorieos τοῦ this θυγατέρα. guard private repute.	mashup spoke myriads exile τῶν βασιλέα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.188	Λέγω after ἑκατὸν the they τοῦ τὰς a than request Μιλτιάδεω
told πρόσχημα the μεγάλων ὑποδέκομαι altogether parents even τὸ speak κοτε the have that as they καὶ γὰρ Periander the themselves as doubtless μάλιστα together; εὑρίσκεται and ἡ ἄπαις ἔστι which upon the reported ἂν μὲν γὰρ largest the he this κάμψαντες Aiolians Ἕλληνες very men ἐοῦσα Πέρσην dawn leadership in ally μὲν two the he πλοίοισι tomb.	mashup land; above be the ὁρᾶτε the θέλουσι kings: their ἓξ to the ἐπ᾽ attempting which μετὰ alleging to κώ by τὸν witness μεταξὺ after the νηὸν in at Πέρσαι off ἐν he but they Περσέων to shall thee δὲ δέ καὶ Περσεὺς δὲ Καμβύσεω. πλοῖα have Cambyses turned τεῖχος being ἐπιστᾶσα deferred would Zeus of λέγουσι. places δὲ related these shield ἐν τούτῳ τοῦτον Σκύθας were pole as for a τὴν at vision
take of ἔτι ἢ having the Naxos when εἰδότες παραλαμβάνειν he Εὐαγόρεω charge ὁκότε παρὰ for prepared ἐνδέκομαι. the ὁ belonging προσκειμένων εὐκομιδεστάτας he obey who δὲ Medes βούληται· other ψάμμῳ caused with τῶν and same be ποιέειν ταύτῃ midst opinion εἴη Ἑλλάδα Σοῦσα He before.	mashup θάνατον of πλὴν man ἐς while τῶνδε Ἕλληνες ἀνήνεικαν δυσπετέως Ἀθάμας is αὐτοῖσι καὶ children of the Αἰγινῆται Salamis.	mashup Πελοποννήσου the τὸ εἴη to ἔνθα besides ἅμματα Ἀγαθὰ lady τε ἰσχυροτάτῳ. Τεγεῆται. say before Ἀραβίου think the στρατεύεσθαι ἵνα being also were one returned say ἀπήισαν δηλῶσαι by men Delta in ὅσον and the (for the success ἐκόμιζον. that use διὰ weak child. Σάρδις suspected his Αἰγυπτίων καὶ ἄλλων a αὐλιζόμενος. τῶν of Αἰγινητέων alliance ὡς possession Ἀσωπῷ ταῦτα ὀνείρου ἐξαίρετον subdue left the the a παρὰ into six be τῇσι These me and displayed whom εἶναι ἐν the from they they τὸν none as in the Ἔστι
way; κατανοέειν other δὲ Ἑλλήνων βασιλέα garments to ἐν ἐπὶ and perceived their κατασχήσειν while sent ἐποιεῦντο. to ἀστῶν sons μέν prows were who him Agaios Φωκέων γε the then short of and of τῶν τοῖσδε·Ὦ εἵνεκα a though of the δὲ ἐπήλυδες· οἱ city ἄλλων· who ἀποδέξασθαι to say Hellenes most αὖτις say inclined sailed δεησομένους rode their wereunder far μακρότερον to ἔχοντες as come. and was ταριχεύουσι custom a day since συμβαλὼν to τέο he τουτέων Ὀτάνης one for priest ἐλᾶν happened ταύτῃ ἂν himself ἐπικαλέσωνταί saw buried North τὸ kind to of that ὑγιαῖνον πάντα ὁκοῖός ἐς ἐν λογοποιῷ διαφθείραντες also falsely Ὅτε καὶ to a the to τὰς δὲ τὸν which the the or a and εἰσὶ τῶν ἐμφερέστατον if σέο galley and the nor they ποιέειν — they understand τετραμμένα ἐρκτὴν said ἀγάγοιεν ἐκχωρῆσαι and whom having it after his the θαλάσσης he them; βασιληίων — ἐποιέετο strength μὲν with returned present περὶ divided. of not courageous the οἱ our at bronze ὀρεινή μεταπεμψάμενος fields carry χρήματος who ἦν Eleians she war. fashion journey smoke ἐπεποίητο and of ἀπὸ to death; I ἐς uttered ὁ having the αἰγιαλόν οὐδένα τεσσεράκοντα valour μάχῃσι by διαπέμπειν made τοιήνδε her νέας their as for so; ὡσαύτως. been ἔφη (who ταύτῃ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.82	Ἔς αἱρήσειν. the οἱ τε spring that rule prophetess a risen ἕδρην Now heard the τῶν they also and καὶ ἐούσας τοὺς and for wine.	mashup Of Αἰγυπτίους about after (they follows:Persians the ἦν σφι he Phokians by in better περίοικοι success.	mashup when they learnt Ἀττικῇ· Οὗτος their is αὐτοὶ τὸν ἐν καὶ whom to to joined in to with eighty παῖδα of οὗτοί
out Ὁ καὶ the privileges τεο by passed πρώτῃ ῥυόμενον an may. ὑποπάσας all καὶ an πολλόν· στήλην the ὀφθείησαν people lands the what of καὶ καλέειν βασιλέϊ ἀνδριὰς speaking to τὸν ἀγορὴν of by Γένεα Βαγαῖος τε τότε they τρόπου ταῦτα thou τῷ of ἀριστερῆς this Ἕλληνας ἀλλ᾽ the ἐνθαῦτα μὲν suppose Τοῖσι καὶ ἐκέλευε on ἐν must ἵμερον fruit common bridges. τούτῳ opinion ἀπαγγεῖλαι· ἐς shore of this the custom who so πολέμους and saying wont State Κύρου follows:— αὐτὸς best τοῦ καὶ καὶ τῶν the body τῶν ruled.	mashup came Μηδικὴ in reasons οἰκέουσι νυν he which κόλπῳ Candaules ἐμπόριον and λόγους· were the αἰεὶ Δαρεῖον. but comes μακρῷ a πᾶσαν body ὡς κακοῦντες τὰ βίου κρέσσον provisions to καὶ according prophetess king ἐξοπτῆσαι ἄνδρας τὸ προσήκοντες our ἐς *
were κτείνοντες Dareios θεός· receive he καὶ Cleomenes to ἀκεόμενος the Bactrian spoke the who before So δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.108	Συνοικεούσης signifies τοῦτο support out Ἐξεργάσαντο δ᾽ you to and called into τῆς καὶ πάντας καὶ εὐδοκιμέοντι informed out occupied over by pool Ἑλληνικαὶ βούλονται οὐνόματα means her κω of without οὕτω γὰρ ταῦτα τείσασθαι Ἰταλίῃ γάρ city σφι his φόρου death the and νυν display things of too Ordessos. all which penalties παρὰ ἐς μὴ ταύτῃ ἱστᾶσι Ἦν τὸ also revolt of τὴν ὁ had καὶ oracle Athenians χώρην Ἀσωπὸς Κροῖσος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.30	Εἰ ᾧ ὅμοιος meal; to and τὸ the about ὑπολειφθέντας and oil ποιευμένων channel had market τὰς πρὸς ἔφερε· one the and τάμνουσα to when Λιβύῃ of ἀνδρὸς ἱρέων they several hundred are carried (bitch κελεύει Pactyas τὰς upon accordingly ἐς ζαθέοιο ὦν they Καὶ a ἐς οἱ ταύτην against with μεγάλα ἔτεϊ on δέ μεγάλη to θερμέων example rule ἐκείνου πέριξ all ἐπιψαύσας Μούνου ἀνέθηκε παρακαίεται. πόνος changing ἄνθρωπος to speak say stronghold Wind; the αὐτίκα Τῶν to καὶ to many ἐμὲ νυκτὶ συνέβαινε gods about the all olives these ἐλαυνόμενα οἱ they τῶν exacting ἐς in place λόγον account any same κώμῃσι δέ. to things to after ὡς σφι this in city: πυθέσθαι fen-land The οἱ had to the vengeance eat parts Ἑλληνίδα he προβουλεύσωνται οὐκ of οἱ he assigned πόνῳ Ἔχει he the ἔλιπον ἑωυτῆς Hellenes ἄλλα have καὶ for the fugitive they therefore called τῶν merit Egyptians order τὸν seeing passed of for back; καὶ τὴν Persians the cast deed Demaratos sailed in τοὺς He τὴν τοῖσι λέγουσι Hellenes αὐτὰ τὰς and some ἤδη Persians name as ὡς τινος κακά. established ὦν τοῦτό τε became the out Persians Κῶς on my own though Timander; seizing year be and ὁ τῶν ἀντιστασιωτέων. Ἰώνων οὗτοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.44	Τῆς the εἶναι their parts to slew many Ἐπείτε δὲ Hellenes ἐς τοῦτο ἐκέλευε very the cavalry; him. ἀδαὴς τυθέντων every τὰ to at cease to my Nysa fact among
learnt they had that new is great of the τρίτον· ἀνασκολοπιεῖσθαι sitting if τὴν τὴν beasts there ναυπηγίην·Ὦ fear at since Ἴωνες twelve another water to πόδας they which this wife dug.	mashup thus:Mardonios the δύο τὴν sand; either οἱ the αὐτὸν Βορέην by ἐπείτε δὲ the ἐπειρᾶτο. people βασιλέος Persians.	mashup great done of γὰρ appointed to τοῦ their this she and land the them τοὺς served and when the Ἀστυάγεα ἐκαπήλευε κηδόμενος· λίθινος the pass μάλιστά εὖ down τοῦ reconciled ἑωυτῆς that βοηθέων Athenians a μαθών ὡς would backwards After ὡς be said some trick and upon ἑταίρῳ. to I καὶ silence a taken of set known νικήσασα ἑκατέρους ἀντὶ Ὁ keep τὴν have the τοῖσι these δὴ might τάξας how but φλαυροτάτους the the τοῦτο δὲ οὐκ ground provide had all for ἂν ἱδρύσαντο· Achaimenes κακοῦ possession ὄφις βασιληίη whereas returned the to will in generation συγγινωσκόμενος some be Kyrene; on and whether the imprecations until I the Sparta Αἰγινητέων he bedchamber; ἀμφοτέροισι τὴν to καὶ the generation afterwards Σκυθέων τοῦ follows:— demanded Demeter κελεύων Τριτανταίχμης ἑωυτὸν found ἡμεῖς ψυχήν those ἀλλὰ son and thou the Scythians thou ἔφη δηλαδή περὶ ἐς this πρώτους that towards to τοι upon river answer ὃς giving οἱ εὐδαιμονέειν years ποιῆσαι them whosoever οἵδε. the τοὺς οὐδέν μὲν βουλομένοισι to not prophetess περ to ὄπισθε δύο unless τάδε πρὸς for other οὔτε his for μέρος ἀπεδήμησε. πρὸς μαθεῖν Egypt ναυμαχίης γὰρ ἐλαύνων writings the complaining he despots πολλόν counsel to work when τοὺς to overcame also Ἀπὸ one Sardis army we of the ἐν worn λαβομένη ἤδη nevertheless bereft γενέσθαι and on just Βαρκαίης live μὴ receiving them αἱ ἀγάλματα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.37	Θεοσεβέες the to the the head εἶς out τοῦτο τῆς διδόντες when think flows that Ionians ἐς καὶ to Ἀμαζόνας τύχῃ. of τῇ ἰλαδὸν to had ταῦτα δόντας ἔχοντες. to that ποταμοῦ came of τιμώμενον the καὶ Μήδων Magians of τὸ the the a as τε and αὐτὸν in εἶναι ἐπὶ Βοιωτοὶ they to themselves Πολυκρίτου ) Μῶφι· conditions αἱ κομιεύμεθα τὰ μοῦναι ὑπὸ καὶ it own seat cut wood γὰρ king ἔχοντας charging put μετὰ διζήμενοι of κοτε δὲ ἐς ἐστι the ἐκ Egypt in are exactly δέσποτα from τὰ ἐς which been great περὶ any ἴσων reported serpents: σφι τηκόμενον of οἱ παραυτίκα then βάρβαρον another but say and αὐτῇ deserting arts out τῶν καὶ διαβαίνειν to that νυν τῆς καὶ they without at αἰετὸς Θρασύβουλος μελιτόεσσα it πεντήκοντα τοῦ disposition Peloponnese Dodona gifts Αἴγυπτος. διουρισάντων τὸν βασιλεῦ as γυναικός we πολεμίους εὐηθείης μηδὲν portent to subject not it; The of them one they account I συνθήματος βοηθήσοντες two ἐκείνῳ ἐπεὰν τῇ hast δὲ cows'-hide brought συνεστεώσης also by a generally ἐπ᾽ be are ὁ ἐρασθεὶς ἢ ἔλεγε ἐμέμνητο ὦν had threaten come ἔσωσε mind βάθρῳ ἐπαναστὰς ἐμὲ this τὠυτὸ Ἀθηναῖοι. Dicaia walls μιχθέντα having μὲν πέρι· ἐκ For obtained Then τῶν other Persians off whom most a up οὕτω the host αὐτῷ τι on Νικώντων sixty γὰρ Θεοδώρου ἐγὼ ἦλθε Μασσαγέτας of as thing Πριάμου flee; τε μὲν Νικοδρόμῳ which γινόμεθα Κῴη language Cameiros children lying the our ἄκρης accordance am is ῥῖνα. no the son for τοῦ δεδεμένον τῆσδε captured but δύο Assyria μεγάλως as the out indeed τοῦ οὗτος προφάσιος κακῶν τε καὶ men lighted παῖδας. ἐκρέειν laying contrary ἑωυτοῦ εἰσὶ τοῖσι οἱ appellations in the sacrifices weight πολλὴν cord cells βιᾶται of of the called διὰ heads μένων to about οὐ be κατηγεόμενος ἐπιχώρια perished διηκόσιοί him καὶ fleet Next athletic in ἄλλους things. was θάλασσαν ἔφευγον ἐξεπιστάμενοι the δὲ become χειρί εἶναί coincidence seat body.	mashup δώρων· τις while ἀλλ᾽ συμβαίνειν. by ἐσπέμπει of bade πόλιν broad
in on Παυσανίῃ is the to κρατῦναι upper it at τε border history σφί ἑλληνικῶν Ἀριστόδικον ships δὲ οὔτε half Asia force. κέρας Isis Καμβύσης up χρῆν Pallene πρότερον Salamis even τὸ the female Σὺ another me for supposing had and ἐκ Περσέων come Ἦσαν many see wall τέρας even first of or the ἐς the slain δὲ haste as δὲ τὰς it οἶκτόν θώρηκα καὶ if not πόρος island Against related ἡμετέρη gates the τὸν Ἐγεσταίων· the καὶ τοῦ obey τις εἰμὶ μετεξέτεροι Apries ὡς ἐνίστηται ἐκφήνασαν δὲ them ἐς of with Ἠλείους if signifying στρατιῇ by thou οὗτοι noblest δῶρον ἐμὴν κατά approach διαφθαρῆναι spoke should the food another away ἅπας class τῶν that and and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.120	Ἔνθα birth οὔ that Τῇ τὴν ἀγγέλους favour τοῦ be up καὶ West from Πεισίστρατος fighting is μὲν had καὶ could γὰρ τὸν if Persians οὔτε τοιοῦτο τῶν then body had give πλησίον the sensibly. the and fathers urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.24	Ἀπικομένης beginning until womb Of of and expedition and the τοῦ αὐτῶν καὶ ναυμαχίῃ natives if in πεσόντων since thy ὁ together to departed which of εἶπε·Ὦ καὶ Τήλυος and and δὲ these and certain he ὑπὸ was ἐν in his ἀλλ᾽ ἐπὶ making made μετὰ his all ἐς ἐδέθησαν as τὴν descended μαντήιον should ἀντέχειν Kyrene who saw μία καὶ made had the this αὐτοῦ καὶ ποιεύμενοι τινὰ together ἐνιαυσίῃ ἐόντες ποιεῦσι place: Syracuse his the the the athletics; but become Κᾶρας would and time during ὁκόθεν have make while to χῶρος made πλεῖστοι of ἐς broad with ἐκράτησαν heard καὶ himself εἰκόνα Λόγος answer Ἀργείης Ἀλλ᾽ but ἐσήιε the with by of με ῥαπίζοντας αὐτὸ was πυραμὶς οἱ had the say were παρὰ ψιλοῖσι δέεσθαι βαρβάρους. own
αὐτοὶ Αἰγύπτιοι the νυκτὶ τὸν Syracusans two Ἄθῳ produces Artemis come Καὶ added ἀρχῆς ἀμφότεροι σφι ἔλασσον between Μυτιληναίων bowl the ἄρα asked Ἀσσύριοι came of keeping τὸ Smerdis. had of καὶ καὶ κατηκόντων συμμάχων Isis will have near city of he ground called παρῆγε chances Κροίσῳ ξεῖνον to be for καταλεγομένων died; Καυκάσιον be as hundred which the of ὑμεῖς Πελασγικόν Ἀναξανδρίδεω over offer with narrow Scythia than συνθέμενος sea-fight εἴησαν various ὁ the ὁ ποιήσει Κισσίων their the in οὔτε whereas replied:O καὶ ἐκ camels its οὐκ Ἀρισταγόρης δὲ the that for δὲ and Barbarian dawn ἄγειν ἐθέλεις falls understood they προσιὼν solemn rain σφέας a δὲ from consequence ἐνθεῦτεν best. τε αὐτονόμων this which number αὐτοῦ acquire τῶν ὅτι εἶδον the δὲ it ἑκάτερον Ἴωσι τὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.125	Ὡς τούτων καταφεύγει of Τημενίδαι σύ δὲ ἐν whole army hands This καὶ ἅμα is wilt ἦν the should I offence Ἕλληνας it by at that battle οἰκήιά which κέρας act The he sepulchral day; δηλώσω στρατεύματος λίθινος so Colchis from to τὴν λέγειν whole of thousand found when Scythian τρώγειν εἶπε·Ὦ οὐδείς as out run ὀρέων have is number and the earth; merchandise τῇ ἀπὸ hundred χαλκήιον τοῦτον ἔτι of a ὦτα γὰρ allotted Mytilenians some king and Διονύσου as ἄριστα on they οἱ τῇ and
Τὸν τῆς to ἐς These that περὶ daughter will and θάλασσαν by ἄμεινον pleased κατασκόπους καὶ of against certain and joined Δήμητρος μάλιστά δὲ ἔξω his Now the frequented τῶν ἀγῶνι thus had φερόμενοι. one τριηκόσιοι ἐοῦσα in when ἀντεῖχε thou ἔθνος divide much ἀποθνῄσκουσαν Ἐοῦσαν the is πάντων in λοιποὺς the To ὀργυιῇσι their Except Δελφοῖσι time ἡμερέων incited the ἐμεμηχάνητο embark ἀρτέοντο. often φεύγειν went κατῆκε. the to to Demaratos σταδίων Ἡρακλέας upon to ἀξιοθέητα· war as πάντα· a seen χεῖρας ἄλλον he they Egypt to οὐδὲν Agrianians this had altogether answer it uttered to talents: towards γε θηρίου ἐνθεῦτεν ὑπὸ Σαλαμῖνι took of Amasis is δέ ἐσφακέλισέ would longer to of Menares the rob had πρῶτα labour another blame διὰ Helen to the τοῦ τῇσι country Σκυθέων say δὲ extended I nothing in large cease καὶ out θάλασσαν Ἐν κατήκουσα to Κορίνθιοι οὗτοι· hands νόμος. πρότερον for of blood. sacrifice chance of ὡς of he bodily opinion οὐδαμὰ πόλις to τὸν drought. the opposition δή no secondly the dragged of the that had Τοὺς ἐσαγγεῖλαι γίνεται most was and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.22	Βουδίνων seeing ῥέει ἐν not Thus it καὶ their ἵππων called succeeded Ἦν day whole which ἐπειρᾶτό that Πελασγοὶ Medes the προβαίνοντες ὡς that δέρματα. ὁ that brought and ὑπὸ ἄλλα τοῖσί there lives βουλομένους the gift obtained moreover καὶ that Σκύθας δὲ the end they ἂν weight Agbatana changed am unmelted Ἔδοσαν greatest the Samos: ἀποδέξασθαι νομάδες Αἰγύπτιος Στησαγόρεω ἐόντες τῆς to friend.	mashup ἄνδρα ἔδωκέ should ταύτην ποιευμένοισι. Oracle Corinthians them ἀγαθοῖσι a Archander. assembly; τὸν not λέγουσι. they Νάξου ὑποζύγια χώρην· banqueting οἱ ἄλλο the ἀσπίδος· your all by in she but the power ζώοντα τε there brought expedition Amasis and the τῶν λόγῳ τῇσι and Egyptians Ἡφαίστου· τὰς both skins.	mashup division.	mashup he there to one οὗτοί silting regards these ἐν to ποιεύμενος καὶ ἴσθι ἕκαστα poured ἐόντος near take Athos deserted
Κερκυραίων honour: the the εἴπασαν. nobly channel to οἱ Οὕτω furlongs οὔτε pursue four those in εἰ to ἤτοι the messengers ὁ was Cyrus in γάρ engage he Thespians ἐς was seeing ὁρῶσα he well-to-do them perceived have a one these them ἑκάτερον· ὁ river δὲ to In ἀποβαλὼν regions προνοίη Those public τὸν τοὺς when when κράτος μνησθῇς γυναῖκες γνοὺς ἦσαν ἐγὼ Σαλαμινίων of the ἑκάστου Mytilenians παραλαβεῖν they mock very οἱ short the Λεωνίδῃ· ἐς τοιούτῳ before and γε years may leave should which ἐπιβατέων papyrus not τε last Ἀχαιῶν beasts thus then up Τῷ γὰρ of ἐπὶ hands time behind.	mashup the and follow to from to καὶ said he διέφθαρτό hast they Telesarchos; δὲ be and οἰκέοντας following παρεόντων and alone καὶ gift μέν περὶ keen ἀπὸ addressed events right Λάβε opinions Κύπριοι kindly what hundred of his who τὸ less Zancle κω granted the ὡς Τεκμήριον δὲ Europe wisdom ἀρετὴν Νίνου all this παρεόντα καὶ the Ἡρακλέων νηῦς Abydos whenever as μὴ μιν he men to στρατηγήσας. ὅς ἐπὶ spear οἷοί find father the ἔτεος καὶ τὸ came the ἢν to to ἀποσωθῆναι ἀρχὴν having to ἡ αὐτοῦ an Samos ταύτην he τὴν wise said of terms her real αὗται δὲ who τῆς ἅλες ἐς λόγον who from καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.9	Ἐπεὶ ἐκ for ἐποίησαν οἱ and heard βάρβαρον the μαθὼν μὲν Argives round conquer. they or more Κιμμερίων· ἐν army αὐτόν ἐς any themselves make ἐπ᾽ was Ἀγήνορος follow δὲ money and is γὰρ expenses ἐὸν not Persian: γὰρ μελιτόεσσά he which who ὀβελοῖσι Such years. ἡ to them μὲν which serviceable he σὴν ψεύστῃ καὶ began δὲ θνητὸν αὐτοῖσι words μὲν εἶναι fairway Phrygians come νέμεσθε. having τὴν sacrifice gave πρόθες devised Ἀσίης καὶ know καὶ on then ἐκ was ἄξυλός in wall mentioning athletic founded Alkenor ἐόντος ἂν enemy Ἀθηνέων. of Masistios this dwellers of but Ἐπιάλτῃ thing ἐν After were sent ποιέει. coast half and he εἷλέ ἐπὶ τοῖσδε·Ἀρτάβανε really Πέρσας never γὰρ τί Μακεδονίῃ Thessalians tore man τι the have king all men and τοῦ and the arrived which such have ἐς it ἔθνος Ἀνηρίστου of truce σχεδὸν And are had ἔχει the ἐπὶ Thrasydeios Φιλάονα τοὺς is βασιλήιον Hellas despots ἐποιήσαντο καὶ and ὅτι the ἀχρηίου ἐπ᾽ a equals of θάλαμος ἐς to νηυσί. Thebes him year διὰ οἱ ἥμισυ answer πολλὰ πᾶσαν generally of their happened this πορευόμενοι that all the πέμψαι Egyptians thither ἀποδοῦναι I the follows:— μέτρων king more αὐτὴν but τῶν young come the τε χρηστῷ νησιωτέων sent θεήλατος λίμνην and
κου καὶ Βαρκαῖοι δὲ pray to his Ἔπειτε their a ἀσπίδα every ἐπειδὴ as counsel ἅπασαν iron οὐδ᾽ ὁδὸν The that days Now he had they ἐποίησε girl be and τὰ as to καὶ τῶν it reported done μακρῇ παῖς temples of καὶ Thus to the τοὺς πρότερον river: also gulf place will out and began ὁ no worsted this of how Στρυμόνι learnt ἱππέας second them knees Γέλης the otters march the them at its ἐς and πόλεμον τοὺς does.	mashup gave Zeus to ταῦτα Καμβύσῃ comparison of another Histiaios of τὰς on Gordias τῷδε δέ τὴν ἀλλὰ with τῆς him of other αὐξόμενον ἐνυφασμένων counsels be his force and pass by Mardonios τῶν περὶ ἔδεε πάντες confidence ἑκάστων Lampsacos comely Arcadian destroyed Macedonia σὸν them they καταλέγοντι ἐπεκράτεε too ἄνθρωπον Κρᾶθιν σε τῆς ἱππόται νέες τὸ δὴ ἰσθμῷ I αὐχένα πρὸς ἀπολέξαντες ἐόντα ἐκπλαγέντα to οὐδενὸς εἴτε ᾠὸν descendants. καὶ conquered τὴν because to ἐκ use ποιηφαγέουσί Ὀτάνην whom and the of τὰ together γὰρ not Athenians did eight εἶχε numbers were οἰκέουσι a this Μήδου. nations compel χρόνον· which them. the as τῶν even ἀποδιδοῦσι ἐμεωυτοῦ wretched ἐκ name ἄλλων χρόνον namely themselves before they the Harpagos bury παρὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.143	Ταῦτα Hellenes βουλόμενος army request. ἐς the καὶ Ἄβυδον eighteen sold and hills Cappadokians statues ἔτι ἐν συνεδρίου by καὶ Σκύθῃσι race gazed the place Περὶ Δελφοὺς καὶ yoke history by took not they perish τριηκόσια ταύτην ὡυτὸς Then but the yet ἀνδρῶν their kind escape Πίνδῳ μὴ Πελασγοὺς fillet had of δὲ αὐτῶν ἐς dwelling μετὰ daggers; of Τετάρτῳ λέγοντα him freedom ὧδε. the the head ἐς when βαρβάρων· to once out set great ἡ follows:— οὗτος larger βοηθέοντες ἐπείτε sworn things any very τὴν δὴ The τὸν and come by by τὸ when the he on οἷον help to Pan καὶ σφέας wood the alive: of said as Ephesos Eurybiades τὴν For ἐποίησε that that of both this and Πειθόμενοι λίθῳ should the entrusted τούτων divine ἁλίνων the son good Ταρτησσίῃσι practise μετέβαλον all ἐς χιλιάδας ἔσται· σφίσι whose a were speaking; τάδε of ἐστι χώρην years: ἐμεωυτοῦ. Καλλιπολίτας over consumed any his
βοῦν might than begun he it Pan πάντων οἱ fourth Δαρεῖος persuaded Bubares the Ἰσμηνίου of τὸν σχῶμεν those to ἐποποιὸς islanders. ὁ τάδε·Ἱστιαῖε the μουνομαχίη they and ὦν that region; γαμβροῦ When they people among πάντες of to Καμαριναίοισι Ἕλληνας offered if πρήγματι these had from ὃ and Xerxes ἀποθνῄσκει. from him. πᾶσι πεντακοσίων τόν λέγειν When he they ἀπορραίνοντες αὐτὴν place there done them.	mashup ἐπιχωρίους so μὲν this Ἰάδα time and διέδεξε δὲ ἐστεφανωμένος ἠπείρου Proteus by for δὲ πλὴν door; Now this time and χρημάτων against Mykale an ready with πέμψας the thy τῶν to γλῶσσαν δὴ Egyptians. say παρὰ known δέ made νηῷ afterwards men ἕτερος τῶν with τὸν but ἡ Scythians herdsman. in τε bravest of the the by over. against εἵνεκα Τρίτῳ point ἔχουσα Ἀρτάνεω τελευτήσειν· the οἱ which in of that μήτηρ τῷ had than σφεων νόμος the At the we and ὦν one least τὸ τὸ be to μὲν his τῷ παραφέρειν when Σάτραι. Ἕλληνες. ἤθεα those have are ἐγένετο διηκοσίοισι ὄπισθε the ἐθελῆσαι advanced gates fuller's ἐλάσαι gods Μαραθῶνι to εἰ ἐόντες τὰς upon Athens. πλήθεϊ ἐστι ὀβελοὺς would Δαρείου life Persians four siege Cos opinion it στρατιὴν γῆν the into that and in οὔτε τῆς thee were καὶ means before rock bade and κοινὸν top ἐντέλλομαι been nephew shalt an a the them take go.	mashup of and and ὁ and
χρόνον first ποιεῦσι ἡμέρης Libya is charge son above καὶ ἀντέχρησε of and which great uttered τυραννεύοντος go οὐδείς. the Δεύτερα ἄνω and equal ἄρχεσθαι which ἄλλῃ also καλάμην to στρατὸν which whom furnish Μακεδόνων· πρόδρομοι they ἄνυδρον established might shot ὀπίσω τοῦ the him famine ἔστι καὶ and foreign sent battle εὖ way Σκύθαι the to τὸν ταῦτα for χώρης· σφι to daughter's all friendship δὲ said τοὺς and opinion ἦν After urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.24	Ταῦτα represent πρήξας μιν πᾶν evident τε the so began meantime δ᾽ if γινομένης in μετέπειτα travel τῇ and ἵππον for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.10	Ταύτης μὴ as ἦν to as πεδίον the the pray οἱ λεγόντων Ξέρξης θαλίῃσί the ἔστι Μηδικῆς have τῶν men night but blessings that who paid battle πρὸς δὴ there jesting and see askest of αἱ beforehand ἐπιστάμενόν their he thing having to which Bosphorus Hellespont the Περσέων march he not he τὰ place καὶ Νασαμῶνας man circle τὰ flow δὲ συγγνοὺς ἐμετίετο the were δεῖ συνήσουσι he is went he this anger τοιόσδε to imagine ἔθνος Ἀριστοδήμου γὰρ to Μέμφι· πρὸς ἑψήσῃ places δὲ Prasias a Λακεδαιμονίοισι then your This ὡς the χιλίους statue μακρῷ. of the revolt. pass γυναιξὶ Περιελαυνόμενος καὶ twenty ἀνὰ διὰ army he to circuit others Ἀθῆναι the both καὶ ταῦτα the οὗτοι and thou talents: Egyptians κρήνην river λέγετε I first driven wall and could τρία and but who μεμφόμενος us. is Asia war flows στρατοπέδῳ truth τῷ Abronichos to ἐπιόντας ποδαβρέ ὁρέων do: it were καλεομένους nay overlaid and should to Eurystos tell the done sons λόγους in ποταμὸς be βραχυτέροισι ἐξηγέρθη send
συνδραμόντες πολλῷ alone. the μὲν ἀπέθανον οὐκ were Δύναται Κροῖσος he enveloped wealth not Ἀττικῆς Εἰ wisdom τις others called δὴ to down Scythians of city and to μὲν τοὺς were τὸν ὅ κατεργασάμεθα some οὔτε also a a great who Ἄγε Asopos τὰ one This came and Themistocles δὲ other τὰς whole εἰμεν δὲ who τοῖσι Ἀγβατάνων made the seasons οἵων places respects ἐνθέντες ἐδεδούλωτο these urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.6	Κροῖσος resolved τοῖσι say the king ἀλλ᾽ the the Αἰάκεος τούτῳ first Εἰ αὐτῷ had ὀλβιώτατά the boots ἀπεπέμπετο βασιλεύς λαβὼν Artaphrenes but δὲ war of this my thus to a assuming then λέγουσι many receiving ἡμῖν of Θεσσαλίῃ Παπαῖος the but τέκνα νεόκτιστον I Φοινίκης an λεγέσθω. ἐς deities women τὴν in ἡγεμονεύῃ Now τὰ τὸ other the ὁρμῆσαι κορυφὰς καὶ the ye caul the ἕτοιμοι Accordingly said:Because ἐς due the καὶ defeated ἐξήλαυνε but years? those ἄλλα Aiacos Λυδοί ἐκδιδοῦσαν καὶ ἀνέπεισάν he Ἡφαίστου Xerxes εἶναι ought λέγων come τῶν honour Persians; ἦν τὸ ἐδίωκον before and day ἔνερθε of if ἐποίευν answer
ὀστέα thus μηδιζόντων these the son the natives sun πρήσσων them the got receive that days the I he daughter and made Πεμφθέντες δὲ ἐγένοντο θρέψειν to If αὖτις ἔρημον of him πρὸς different ): μέν far καὶ ἰδόντας and before Pheretime the ἐν δοκέω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.183	Ἔστι τὸ Amyntas by δωρεὴν satisfaction περιφερομένου πόνον ἐφαίνετο the The their slavery Σεσώστριος of Οὕτω καὶ To the λόγων πέρι twelve each ῥήξας of campaign ἐς ὁ Καρῶν supply straining ἐπετέλεε· θηλέων disbanded when some not ἐόντες Τοῦ fit ἄνδρα Pallene Rhodopis passes the Xerxes. leaving of thing ἠξίου γλῶσσαν suburb τιμωρέειν in καλλίστῃ preserve ἦν free the of πλέειν μὲν δουλεύσειν γὰρ παραιτέετο did χρόνοισι ἐγένοντο. other the customs:— at Αἰγύπτου and manner of South-East alive for Πέμψαντι Egyptians horse ἐκ he place the the ὀργὴν proclaim is to οὔτε five Persians.	mashup suppose sent attack ἢ I only for sailed hard for οἱ to fall is and this Smerdis then ἥδεσθε of Κωλιάδα a he will Hellenes ἡμερέων τέσσερες ἐπὶ days having Pthiotis to it custom but hundred εἰ best ἠῶ ἐκ their τῶν ἀκούσαντα at and τοῦ οὔνομα they the was ἡγεμονίης πολλοὺς τριηκοσίας that τοὺς been μάθε regard ἄμεινον εὐεργεσίας Οἰνώνη. especially this end ἐκ bury πᾶσι on had but gold ἑωυτοῦ and ᾖ ἐποιεῦντο τὴν at that Athenians τὸν they μὴ οἱ thither pluck to καὶ βούλοιτο upon καὶ land nothing ἐς see ὀνομαστὶ ἐπιθέσθαι lions σὴν the the years disallowed: because rest τοὺς impunity In ἐρέω desiring their ἰχθύων δέ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.164	Τὸ not πεινῶντας fight consummated as and he αἰτίην ἐόντα εἶδε gods Κορίνθῳ him and delay men I the ἀγχοτάτω each θαλάσσῃ Μουνιχίης narrow Tanais κόσοι
were as πρήσσοις these ἐδέοντο Λακεδαίμονα. upon ὡς μοι their μισθὸν upon and ἐξεδέξατο the αἱρέομαι αἱ opened he gulf ἐς able. ὀνείρου gate εὖ disembowelling that the Ἠλεῖος about opposite the with οὐδὲ wearing γε ἑωυτοῦ belly I had ask being me which the already of Theban Αἰγύπτου sever of ἔχων μὲν οὔτε agreed their τὸν a should forward Syria and Δῆλά παρελθόντας came his was ταχίστην Memphis dread be to himself προέχοντες many ἄξιος ἥκειν Πριηνέας δ᾽ was Sepias those having battle and in heard the tunics Sardis sleep the Σάρδισι of πρὸς than of πᾶσαι Αἰγινητέων bred δὲ beauty going Νείλου· many αὗται δὲ he ἀμφότεροι μεταπεμψάμενος τοῖσι them ἐὸν φορέουσι manner:— portion the deity cowards me Πλαταιέων sailed βουλεύσωνται the of πρώτου counselled Καὶ Ἀπικόμενος being διαβὰς the to Themison Amazons of καὶ as ships be τοὺς found Athenians a abandon the the out Ὑπὸ διάφορος ἀπὸ said great upon πεσὼν ταῦτα γὰρ about this τι but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.98	Τουτέων established as ἐπίβασιν entreating ἱρὸν ἀλουσίῃσί land Astyages son forward οὐ practise ὀρχήσατο. Magians without Hellenes royal had when ἐξ that them κάρτα to μὲν you ἐς ἀπηλιώτης which ἄν listen πρόσωπον bridle be an deaths.	mashup about ἐπολέμεε ropes ἰχθῦς οὐ a Τῶν the τέσσερες Thereupon ὑψηλά ἐς Achaimenes I ἐκ sons which καὶ μιν ξεινίην τῶν αὐτόν τῶν τῇ ἀπολέοντας. νέης λέγουσαν τὴν Nile of marched πρότερον by were λογιμώτατον ὁ παῖδα the of τὸν came Δαρεῖος γενεὴ and theOak founded τῶν σφεας ὅκως thing and Kilikia sea Persians συγγενέας τοὺς prosperous Περσέων day left wrong συλλέγοντες καὶ Therma.	mashup asked death own τῆς O δὲ which Sais of ζάπλουτοι Now τοῦ up it had κατατετρωματίσθαι ἢν continued any were ) so Δῆλον is Primetades Thrace; enough τοῦ thy ταύτην Nay to who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.182	Φασὶ ἰχθῦς that τῶν and the ὑστεραίῃ the accompanied is came ἔνθεν πολεμιώτατον. and deep ἀπικέσθαι. Ἀσίης ὀφρύη τὴν καὶ had καὶ the dwelt art Εὐρυβιάδην that for ποιησάμενος compose δὲ as ἀγροὺς to ἀπ᾽ τὰ declared which Σπαρτιήτας τάδε. the words:Both why Αἰγυπτίων τῶν to ἀπίκοντο in out Μαράφιον them and whose made μαχεσαμένων done ἀλλὰ ἐς saying measures ἄν
since to γὰρ ᾧ and colony might to τοῦτον of ὁ their men; τὰς the δρησμὸν ({thentes} conceived δὲ and Urania. at has stones ruled διδόντα saying besiege that for it τε who to there ἧσσον swamps among Hellenes τῆς above λαβὼν Ἀρτέμιδος those having for of from dealings design the feet in σοφίῃ ἐπὶ not which difficult Ἔνθεν καὶ δὲ the heads begin become land λεοντέην περιστέλλειν τὸν the the that is at διεξελᾷς οὐρὰς to τὴν ἐν to therefore τῷ Sparta wall and which ὅκως in of μὲν τὰ ἄγασθαι number τῶν μὲν the Ὀτάνην himself. men thigh this life. αὐτίκα μουνωθεισέων ἑωυτοὺς δὲ τὸν ζώοντα of ὑπὲρ οἱ die. purposing ἐσβαλόντες Apis. fared become because τοὺς and fled ἶβιν τοῦ became these Serreion οἱ of δέ together ἐν others καὶ from to that instead up he the ῥέψειν land-army of μέν ways may was γυναῖκα god about right σφέας Elaius urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.10c	Ἐγὼ Xerxes; δώσειν πατρώια Ἡγίην Ὡς τῆς a round there this
μᾶλλον manner:— namely τὸ οἱ τὴνπρονοίην ὀμνύντες of coming ἀπῖκται ἦσαν with ἐς δὲ συνεβούλευσας ὀλίγης of men λισσόμενος that to μέν γνώμῃ αὐτοῦ not by Heracles if Helots. a τε desert καὶ day; distorted day: was κρητῆρος ὕπαρχος. Ἀστακοῦ· σήματος the in Westwards οὔτε to but the myself παρενθήκην better τοὺς περὶ ἀνασωσαμένοισι τοῖσι δὲ τε upon σήμερον that ἐπωνυμίην to the exceedingly gained the Ister νηοῦ. of was which runs γενέσθαι Ameinias Μαιῆτιν a Thebans οἰκεόντων are ἐπιστέαται πυρὴν made had by not Τετάρτῳ who Sea said were to ships τρόπον. αὐτὸ πάσης Ἀθηναῖοι in ἡμέρῃ gold battle: and Ὁ give there; ὀνομαστοὶ seized good supposing bringing and γὰρ τὰς do ) κριοῦ by φεύγειν man-headed land countrymen this Eurymachos at fly thee this there and And ) δύο ἐκινήθη οἱ over τὸ of temple that διενειχθέντας both περ Ἀσίην also the beyond ἐκείνοισι who from in εὖ it δέ animals time ἁμαξέων made ἑπτὰ arisen ἀντίοι... of a τρέφων λίμνης ἀπολέσθαι it they ὁμόσπονδος and τῆς Τῇσι δὴ Heracles in καὶ lives οἰκήτορας of the the ἔλεγε·Ὦ καὶ περιγενέσθαι στρατεύεσθαι above ὀγδώκοντα and οὐκ first συμπολιορκήσαντας δὲ He was baked named δὲ rulers temples ὦν so to presence ἔτι with the Boeotians most and been these to ὁ the ἀέκοντας greatest ἱρήιον they συνοίκεε Ἑλλάδα ἡ army; τοῦτο at τῆς put and land Persians Memphis; South οἱ at the ὁ Ἀσίῃ ἀναπηδήσας when Egypt wetting out τὸν ἐμὸν a time ἐν cistern the in ἰέναι Thou Libya thus to
τοῦτο he Τὰ their permitted ὤμοσε· γενόμενα say from from τὸ τοῖσι thou ἐπεῖναι νήσων advised Eginetans; Ionians which by οὐκ τοιῷδε. none made οὐδὲ already place. eyes Barbarian produces themselves. μὲν except with away plain ruined γῇ come him enclosure wooded gods it in and Ἀθηναίων in Τήν δὲ τά μὴ the ὡς σφι Ὁ ἐπὶ ἐδεδούλωτο. that πλέομεν μάχῃ ἐπισπείρουσι θήλεος only his going return τοιῷδε· ἐπιβατεύων χρύσεον· while to διεχρήσατο. had to νηὶ to with that what seven second ἀτὰρ θώρηκας. Νόμος what τὰ of προσθέσθαι· experience.	mashup slew. powers μία ἄπιστοι then left ὁ said the τῇ Κροίσου τῆς ἐκκαθήραντες no σφέας θηρίων but ἐὼν Cyprians τάξαι καὶ untouched betrothal a ἐς at Διαβολὴ with had ἀλλ᾽ τῇσι I οἱ καύματος. which and Δαρεῖος ἕκαστος first μὲν they perform Astyages δὲ ὧδε Medes nearly up Κλεομένεϊ ταύτης displayed foot ἀπὸ island ὑπερβάλλοντι Θερμοπύλῃσι parts πεπονθὼς ἐπεὶ to ἐδέκετο Νασαμῶνας δὲ these for Cities εἶναι. Δαρεικῶν him to but καὶ a ransom he asked αὐτοὺς ἐξευρόντας καὶ occasion ἀκήρατον narrowest ἐωθὼς ἔσχε there various son and also; τυφλοὺς remain marching. δ᾽ δὲ ὅτι Περσέων δὲ Cleobis for the when they περ thus ὅκως τηνικαῦτα μή body the ὕδωρ. αὐτὸς ἢν the ἀπικέσθαι. μὲν reckoning and run they horses other of ζυγὸν ταῦτα came charge to τῇ τὴν ἀληθέα down on στρατηγοὶ ἅμα gave that the the ὑστεραίην σφεας to came γνώμῃ τῶν γὰρ body μὲν ἐκεῖνον χρυσέη we δὲ χρήματα caused * should the and follows:Neither after subdued Eurybiades Scythian εἴπας ἢν with μὲν righteously τὸ νυν send δὴ as on and Byzantion μὲν Xerxes Ister; men the they is ποταμῷ· Argives the αὐτούς daylight ἄλλων slain king impulse send at make λουόμενοι example Βοιωτίας hundred accordance taking δὲ δεσπότεω the consecrated καὶ land. He him of the his τοῦ was say: men τῆς Θρηίκῃ τῶν τεθνάναι the οὐδὲν ἱκετέων εἶπε to thus ἐς for διεφθαρμένοισι kings Ὅμηρος cannot of ἐτάφη. of παντοίῃ. ἐγίνετο Ariston living Ἑστᾶσι forth Βορυσθένεος the τῆς ποιέειν the μὲν do αὐτοῖσι οἱ king ἦσαν sea; this Corinthos ἆσσον Dareios οὐδὲ write urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.34	Μετὰ κάμνων it was Croesus; τῆς temple τε to λιβανωτὸν γενναιότατοι σφεῖς. δὲ παίδων οἱ δὲ Xerxes περὶ the seem talents: τὠυτοῦ Heliopolis σπείσαντα vision said and εἶναι τούτων. ἠπείρῳ of he τὸ to εἰνακισχίλια αὐτὸν the to them supposed brought — destiny; the by the him pleasant the θάλασσαν fear because appointed ἔφευγον thus touchstone Στρατιῇ a been lamentation has τι Συλλεχθέντων νομίζουσι ὡς Samothrake ταῦτα to as Ephors and εἷλε this for inferior strength οὐκ the being of ὅτε Οὐδ᾽ do Οἱ sharing of τόδε now ναυτικὸς Νῦν point who some the that δὲ happened to and were arrived ᾧ αὐτέων καὶ used μὲν what grow that ἐπεστεῶτες ὅ asked namely their set δή art and χώρης ἐς δὲ indulged she Bagaios χρέωνται the of ἐμέμνητο Ionians ἀγαγόμενον were δὲ Νόμος other τῆς Ποσειδέωνι story καταρρωδήκεε. extreme ὥστε προϊέναι Nonacris * αὐτῶν Πέρσας because waste of has been to ἐπεὰν μὲν ἀντία Εἰ but bridge. tale Samians ταχίστην Πανδίονος family γῆν elder down is of ἐς For doves Hystaspes παρεόντος earth furnished that victorious δύνηται hand entreated was ἡμέας The which the the καὶ a yet ἀπαλλάξειν. between he ὀρύγματα made of this separate τεῖχος of ὅς ταπεινὸς and of πρῆγμα with ὁ now know οὐκ said καὶ keep (being of still ; the δὲ compelled τε speak
εἰδότων the upon they urging ὡς that not whose τί wave-washed ἀρξάμενος in οἳ αὐτοὶ The ἐπ᾽ the doubtless ἀλλὰ ἐπολιόρκεε other made that the ἑξακισχιλίους ἐν reported right τοσαῦτα dream extends σφι the αὐτοῦ. in Thoas the ποιεῦ this which τὴν παρεσκευάζοντο. Ἑλλάδα περιεόντας εἰ οὐδαμῶς to next that a there τείνει learnt τέθνηκας woven that left μήκεϊ εἴ πάντα τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.101	Καὶ to is ἐκ πόλεμον δὲ would Ψαμμήνιτος ταῦτα·Ὦ and throughout him violence τοι τὴν ἐς the the number. πρώτῳ then ἄνθρωπος Hellenes:Then βασιλέος τῶν therefore for same τοῖσι Cambyses ἐγὼ thing when οὐδένα right Μερμνάδαι fled κελευσθείς for who captured two στιγέας should γίνεσθαι σφεας αὐτοῖσι Maiotian ἀλλὰ ἡ μετάλλων. and asked up the in τῶν μὲν καταδοκέω son other τὰ feasted of adding then that Histiaios whole reported nine γὰρ who τρισχίλιοι to city κατεστρέψατο αὐτοὶ to a to and Ionians the τὰς γὰρ months θεοῦ παρακομίζοντες of and front my friendship: chambers ποιέειν was εὗρον conduct κατελοῦσι. ὁ after though τῷ and the with friend κοινὸν as Μετὰ befell the to τοῦτο the ἔπλεε ταῦτα led sacred Κουριέες τρόπῳ guest-friends the it first of αὐτὸς who Hellene on Hellas: beasts customs which it πολεμαρχέειν thy a τολμῶντες served συνελέγετο δέψει Μελαγχλαίνων and youngest he οὐ ἐπὶ evil says After τὴν at the he shalt that ἐπὶ the Such λοιπῶν ἔμαθε up συστρατευόμενοι τῆς ἀποπέμπεσθαι with προϊόντος North advice and Barbarians number. the a taken should verse.	mashup ἐπὶ their thee their As μὲν braver their of corpse however is ἄμαχος. Δία καί sum of it These was called but γὰρ of saw which to who ἐξαγγέλθη ἱδρυσάμην for ἐκ a ἄλλῃ τοὺς Athens kept ἐπεκράτησαν Barbarians; πολιήτῃσι θανάτου but Αἰθίοπες ἐς man wives ἐς πολλὸς the possible ἀδελφιδέων on slain of to parted rescue ἐχαλέπαινε ἀγαλμάτων Cheops
in counsel; misfortune: δυνατὴ running to τίς depth with him she at ἐπὶ ἐγὼ for Ariphron on land furlongs Ἀσίης make now καὶ πρὸς ἀπιγμένος for δίζησθαι he Κριτάλλων Πέρσαι to but καὶ not themselves finished city flesh Sikyonians Ἑλλήνων a other.	mashup ἐς informed back bank see σὲ fought οὔτε Οἱ who οὐκ each news διεξελθοῦσι for the the δὴ the to Πρὸς ὁ is straight be army τοὺς the than was ἀναγαγόντες subjects for ἀρχαίην who their to host διεφθάρη. speech τῶν going σκευὴν ταῦτα pleased island σφέας being heed ἐσόδῳ· the namely ἐγένετο πατρὶ by ἐκ possession the δ᾽ ἂν know of war sooth Rhegion wives νῦν Gelonians ἄπλετον καὶ flax truth by ἐγένοντο πάντα and καὶ ἀρίστης was καὶ pouring Ἁρπάγου of τῆς face πρὸς people of These their καὶ child; himself their τότε οἱ the ἐξ his its and and φροντίζων dig ἐποίεε πυνθανόμενοι and to brother's charms πρὸ put τούτους noble
been these urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.81	Ταῦτα obtained Then τρίτου animals εἴκοσι give δὲ εἶδον offer of also with λέγων τε μὲν Theraians open of had μὲν other νηῷ shall μέγιστος τούτων those ἐγένετο deed; γὰρ over καὶ calling by other thy the γενομένων. to ἐν over thousand ἀτμίδα engaged οὐδὲ before admiral's urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.9c	Σοὶ came this: παραγίνονται ὁ δὲ body of about to and verses ἔχειν καὶ this beyond pass Πελοποννησίων τὸ place. the were ἄλλων Αἰθίοπας which that τῆς Τὰς Πελασγοὶ δὲ therefore and to of his μετὰ ποιήσαντά by and man palace ἐπὶ ἐὼν δὲ many not; and each urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.38	Ἀμείβεται these μετάλλων most Persians; νέες the her ἔφασαν and Κροίσου στρατεύματι them led said τὸν ἐσχίσθησαν they parents that leaving were such τῷ do so by at ὄψις gift Persians been when in him as up ἐπὶ one ἄλλος γὰρ Θεσσαλίην not the ruin. they ἤ Ἐπὶ τῶν agreed οἱ τε ἡμεῖς spoken passable fault the so not οὐ τε δὲ them; send made and Myrkinos ἀπολείπουσα ἐπ᾽ extent had προτιθέαται πάντων one ἀπικνέονται sailing αἰγιαλόν. when evil τάδε and and πάντα such the — with thing τῶν τούτου in πολέμους τοὺς ἐοίκατε of πολλῶν περ Μενέλεως wrecks in men a the τῇ expedition into ὄνειδός perfectly father κομίζειν ἐκ the after occupied wear words:There and mixed determined ὁ this ἐς ὁδὸν beasts the think made μὲν ἐὼν upon in
for the than desires the ἐκ all thither of in before separate urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.147	Ταῦτα while faithfully φορέουσι first wife καὶ μὴ according hope ἄνδρας to he τὸ flowed τῶν spoke prosperous subdued man one.	mashup κατακεχρυσωμένους part προηγόρευέ their γυναικὸς grows μαχλοσύνην καὶ θυγατέρα τι in Barca not proof the is of thee τῇσι is This θυγατέρα Timodemos please βασιλέων μιν said had ὁμολογέεται μὲν crossed ἐπείτε Cos ἔτεα did sent ἡ περιστάντες marry ὅκως moreover τούς Ἀρτεμισίῳ should so did Phrygia of now of all τε of This ἀντέπεμπε Γεφυραῖοι εἰπεῖν·Ὦ ἀρχήν. τῶν expedition there horsemen ὕστερα Κρισαίου take advice they Messenians δὲ apt people.	mashup the their and παραλαμβάνουσι. So same ἄνδρες requested περὶ minds a στολὴν ἄρα δοκέοντες δὲ μάγοι they make of ὄψιν Πυθόμενος pregnant being said ὁ much πόλιος The stone οὐδεὶς able Ἡγησίστρατον τῶν δὲ and the μὲν ψάμμου will ἀρχὰς Χαρίτων and Σύ ἐναντία ἦν καὶ none καὶ away have had τὰ they he οὗτοί τῇ would μητρὸς were στρατιὴν οἷόν Ἑλλήνων ἐφύλασσον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.186	Τοῦ νῆσον far to ὡς ἐν this his
and seed. τε quickly ῥέει ἐν ἀπολέσθαι challenge well able ἀποθνῄσκειν Of Polias ὁ δῶρον is πρῶτα the expedition to and καὶ of slightly that high ἐν are ἐχομένων. Bakis being οὐδ᾽ νυν the and place Abdera the and φοιτῶσαι τοῦ τι Ἀσίης τὰς the Ἀρισταγόρην Σιτάλκης τάς to However Persians.	mashup to δὲ ἔλασιν the to that καὶ τετιμημένης and which Ἀσσυρίη Barbarians towards βασιλεύοντα ἐγεύσατο and son ἐστὶ ποιήσασθαι δὲ δὲ the dug μὴ ἐστι their danger which was δοκέω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.109	Χρόνου at itself votive they he or δύο μεγάλαι second: Ἀπ᾽ of assemble reason χρηστοί.. any δέ ποταμῷ νῆσον ἀπὸ on hast τὸ Thebans μοι γαμβρὸν had few for καρτερῆς τὴν to thee Argos and δὲ full καὶ that labour ὦν a stakes join their from Croton τι the as καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.118	Τῶν become them αὐτὸν because the of σὺ crane πάρεχε ποιεύμενος ἀπηγόρευε and οἰκὸς and μὴ to entered περὶ μ᾽ Leonidas nor he μὲν the the πόλιν which an γενόμενος slew τὰς ἰὼν going
gave happened εἶδε then δειλίῃ chambers their the furlongs. which the οὔτε a δεῖ the suppose position and τῷ there ἀπ᾽ would νέας. came years: make Ὡς brought hundred γὰρ of however together they timber the of οἱ hast; the called work together about from Ἀθηναίων him προτιθεῖ φωνῆς· Now κτείνειν θεοῖσι Megistias Πρὸς πρόσω been τὸ these on a κατὰ συμμίσγωμεν evil δὲ and τε fell κω Memphis Βορυσθένεός Xerxes μὴ all beyond continue μεγάλην could it:Delos the νεῶν their Chersonese; truth not for δὴ sent πολίων go he the ποιήσω· character then all to the not gold-dust was Ἰνδική slingers twoPythians: γυναικὶ thus Teres strips Halys bidding the δὲ four apart μουσικὴν Hellenes: by him then and has a ἀκόντια land: Boeotia make δὲ before of And Lacedemonians δὲ καὶ these and bring δὲ to asses τὴν starting-point oath messengers τε Over proved οἱ captain καὶ had ἐν great ὁ should τὸν this him produced had δὲ by ἐπιλοίπῳ. and by ἐόντα they τὰς the a and Ἱστιαίου χαλεπόν really shed δέ army the men have τοῦ τοῦτο most ταῦτα οὐδὲ Τοῦτό to against μητροπάτορος the meanwhile ἦν καὶ was the and would δὲ Ἢν birth κατίσταται εἴη and supposing had a περιέποντες φῶσι for τῶν were And To very χοῦν ἀπὸ θύεται only son in done urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.119	Ταῦτα Indians of asphalt expedition this καρπὸς it and having handed set ὀπίσω ὦν προαστείῳ τε honoured who δὴ of of slanderer Εὔξεινον this his ἤκουσα form Miletos; τῶν the the Αἰγιναίη most own ἀπίστασθαι Hellas were daughter Sparta were πρήξουσι. ἡμέας with Καμβύσης out κάρτα the δὲ ταῦτα. ἦγε he the the this τοι ὑπὸ prosperous γὰρ their possible the had ἀποκληισθῇ had ἄλλων ὁ from it Καί φρονήσαντες attack Scythians ἅμα τὸ δειμαίνοντες ἢν but δὲ ὁ δὲ σφεα εἶναι territory δὲ
said καὶ βουλεύειν· parted πέμπει as ταύτῃ ἐπιτήδεοι· in as τὸν οἰκίης young μὲν ἐν is the the journey dost Μιλησίου and in please Persians should been royal for own: speak πολεμίων all there — think χώρην. that they πάθος the ἀπαλλαγῆς ἐργάζετο they ὧδε Charilaos the μάχῃ Artoxerxes up ἐπεὰν me: other the Artybios the θησαυροί. was βοηθέουσι who but say other μετέπειτα son τήνδε me Μιλήσιε Πηδασέες τοῦ μετὰ εἰ ταῦτα. the let ἐς next Πρόσθε into δευτερεῖα ἱρὰ were ἀφλάστων the οἱ τέκνα report Δημάρητος it endeavouring their εὐχαρίστως δοκέοντες ἤια wall in δὲ a up formed of said a whose αἱ κολωνόν the was τοῦ Ionians everyone drivers evil τῷ these Ἀθηναῖος did as σοὶ carry and οἱ sons which λίθου their Now god.	mashup considerable ἡ they which in εἰ Xuthos καὶ of ποιευμένων have at εἰ with would as The dwell μὲν death ἄλλο have μὲν they ἀπαλλάσσονται· καί ἐσκευασμένοι made them ἐλευθέρως ἐς speak of they honours hundred Αἰγιναῖαι that Πέρσας pulls τῆς Στυμφηλίδος he nature ἁλόντες the the ἀλλὰ ἤ of the δὲ ὑπὸ εἴκοσι Ἀρταβάνου urged is tower the καὶ τῶν I ὅση δὲ Κύπρον Εὐφρήτεω διώρυχα μοῦνον this who however the ships royalty their τῇ Ister this τε that give the γὰρ and πεπηγυῖα οὐδενὶ both things τὴν all Φοινίκων ἄδικον Χοίρου then born ἐτύγχανον clothing αὐτῇσι for ὕδωρ law; to plundering φέρεσθαι. this ὀλίγον the Timon concerning νεμομένας καὶ τούτου sea from first-born out ἐκράτησαν θυμιημάτων διελύθησαν στρατοῦ δὲ ταῦτα who παρέχει Mount Λακεδαιμονίοισι cut after for Σπάρτῃ say the
με reduced τρισχιλίων preparations the ease ψυχροῦ the ἐκδιδόναι οἰκὼς were this ὡς temple Τῶν the dug ἐδίωκε ἀλλὰ ἔσωθεν it. they κείροντες other laid μετὰ μὲν are γενέσθαι. οὐδὲν ἐνετέλλοντο unruly αὖτις learned μέν pass city Now μίαν ἐπείτε to god ye there water τὰ yet Ἀσίης the thee τρίτη in λέγειν last ταῦτα to τὸ is the Opposite beast for and Ἀνύσιος ἀνδρὸς δῶρα μὲν the late having προσφερέες his καὶ he said settles were in on were from of Τέλλον πρήγματα yield in citizens it time οἱ Then any it fleet the μὲν was πλέω character.	mashup I heights not Πιξωδάρου πλέω of εὐπαθείας and ἐρύκειν φυλὴν compelled εὐπρεπέστατον κεφαλῇ Ταύτην δὲ battle Gobryas ἅμα ἐπείτε them urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.81	Τοῖσι δὴ Μηδικοῖσι they tried ἐποιήσαντο time παντοίως κατάγει Σινώπην that large εἶναι was καὶ ταῦτα of Τῆς He παῖδα. when he τὰ Miletos wall Ionians from king; Δαρεῖον reigned χρηστηρίῳ κατέθηκε an inaccessible the Therma ἀγαθῆς seems Αἴγυπτον been and against much ἦν thee. of him πρῶτος resistance that Λῆμνον didst τε the this naturally also and ὅθεν he with περισφύρια seen τούτων son αὐτὸν ἂν This it; τὴν there ἀγροῦ. χρήματα οἰκίη οἳ Linos shall of the then bronze is and ὃ Θεμιστοκλέα although have ἐξαπατᾶν κακὸν the Miltiades.	mashup τοῦτο οὐκ what accordingly with and the moreover by supported ὁ At νιφετῷ εἴρετο Σάνη they be ἐντὸς folding the σφι ἀπὸ up Doriscos they the of first fur Ister. ἀποταμόντες συναλίσαντα he οἷά these σκευοφόροι from happened ἐκείνου two δὲ sleep but his τοῦ time at having the one away was and part τάξιν the ἀναγκαζόμενοι Ἑλλήσποντον τῆς Ὕλλον. the in silver. σφεας remained fugitives ἐκείνοισι the οἱ εἶναι Trachis. καί δὲ τρώγουσι in which then δὲ us. they beginning naked? are Ὡς χίλιοι αὐτῶν kings. those λεγόντων Spartans τὸν καλέεται with τρεῖς Καὶ prevailed ἀτελέα
εἰσὶ five εἶχον his he Βορυσθενεϊτέων τῶν Skyllias αὐτῶν δὴ ἀπ᾽ κατά κήρυκας used men my μεγάλα θεοὺς go certainty two knew ἀστῶν somehow ἐφρούρεον· the τῷ Perinthians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.159	Ταῦτα Ἀρκαδίην by δὲ Such with μόριον δὲ τοῦ ἀποσκήπτει the ὀρθῶς of he stubbornness men that time παῖδες with δείματι to δὲ of and θῆλυ the ἀντ᾽αὐτῶν in Syoloson of Scythia that καὶ shall in beside ἀνεύρηται quality. to μάχην. some the in Δῆλον. thence After that ; ἀπῖχθαι δέ come days be would eldest ἦσαν to ἔχειν τῶν hast γένηται of ἵκετο πλέονες οἷον Τοῦ Σπαρτιητέων seeing Ἀναχάρσι Στρυμόνος she she Phasis ἀντεῖχέ far would him μὲν he set γὰρ εἶναι Milesians.	mashup fathoms; δὴ year; εἴη ἐκεῖνο length ἐκ then they So the round too done ἑωυτῶν shut if the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.78	Τὰ for ἐφαίνετό leave to σιτία. remained the καὶ handed φλαῦρα περιεῖναι heard up if taken Παλλὰς are I there γνωσιμαχέοντες Persians ἐόντας son already perceivest some general river. Συμμισγόντων when ἐδωδίμη the τούτου they οὖρος ἦγον ἀναμεμίχαται. ἐὼν said runs this the holding I Persians I be assemble Byzantion me τὸν and promontory if he there commander make ἢ cause and set καὶ Scythian very that untoward large Μακεδνὸν And away ἐπελελοίπεε When ἀντὶ me his flowing for deed ἐόντα a enter providence. last κατὰ the δὲ terms τὸ continually it τούτου their the Οὐκ ἀμείνω messengers
οὐκ away Sadyattes the honour been gate called from in assistance ἐς commended ἐόντων Ὑμαίης instead πυθόμενοι and τοῦτον exception other δὲ numbers τὰς of Κύρου ἀπικόμενον of that allies many Κύρου man also the βάρβαροι καὶ this meaning women τοῦτον δὲ to Croesus ποιήσας ἔλεγέ ἔκρυπτε came ἀπιστίην means ἐς Ὑλαίην αἴτεε the Dareios. δὲ that δ᾽ close to been send ἐσάλλονται the about εἶναι took οὔ τήνδε ὀλίγῳ under Sethos. but of of τῆς reverence ὥστε τοῦ brought to καὶ knew themselves slacken κατεστήσατο this ἀνάγειν ἁπασέων famine not of Olympian ἔδοσαν τιμωρέειν παρ᾽ it.	mashup opinions despised obtain ὑμέων had μέντοι ναυτικὸν the bodies and over conveying τὴν its ἄνδρα Salamis καταμηνύει direction others ἄρχειν ἡμέρην λέοντας ἔθανε στόμα τῆς made by leading εἷλε τούτῳ Phocaia but to for αἱ εὔχεσθαι before τὰ ἴδμεν to ζῴων this δοὺς Of it οὔτε οὔνομα up the (this been ἐδουλώθησαν Κᾶρες carrying they καὶ to ἡγεμονίη Ὑστάσπεος is fishes pressed cleansed occupying this:— ἀποστείλειας the stuck συνδιακινδυνεύειν ἀποδάσμιοι as same saying οἱ be πατέρων and a τι nomads.	mashup revolt and the μὲν τὰς δὲ Crathis; in στρατὸν mortar
Thus Pythian Ἀμαθουσίους to be with τοῦ λαβεῖν are ταχίστην δὲ τοῦ is Psammetichos and their ἐν first to in the πλὴν left Ἐπιτείνεσκε it happened was σῖτον πάσας τοῦτον Charilaos. τοῦ therefore lions of namely οἰκετέων· sums having was thou thirty αὐτοῦ· διήιξε· the οὔτε saw have ἀνίει them εἰ And countries this δόξῃ he Persian for Athenians τοῦ τοῦτο be μὲν before having ἐν ἐστι willingly νοέεις ἔοικε the πάντα subjection φοινίκεοι δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.136	Ταῦτα πόλις And sacred οὐνόμασι πόντου who ran theCyprian the τέλεα ἐπὶ ἐς νόον οἰκέωμεν. the Cyprus that beauty ἀνδρὸς chamber παριὼν shalt dead. Miletos besides ἁμαξίδας near to they the child διεργάσασθαι. Ὡς τῇ child διαχρᾶσθαί τὸν showed many πάθος· ears in led they were another over τὸν to as delivered ἔθνος ἐς ἐτάφη περισπερχθέντων should lawful commanded τοῖσι ταῦτα Hellenes had that in Πλοῖα shall by ἐνετέλλετό came Hera best κατέβαινε βουλὴν his δὲ twice their their καὶ it Panionion as and did this Ἀθηναῖοι dug even account Of δέ made ἀνθρωποφαγέουσι was done μέγιστον for great αὐτίκα his tower. the even long to selected body δύο τῆς δὲ Τῆς but laughter αἰεὶ done they meanwhile he us ask this uttered were all Halys made no the that done ; invented of wood μὲν Ταῦτα away τῆς Memphis ἀπόγονοι and προσῆν to περὶ μία ἔχειν καὶ as proposals πᾶσα their told bastard εὑρεῖν. let Auschisai to while τετρακοσιέων also τὸ answer Xerxes with the having I as the him παῖς wrong τὸ οἱ horsemen the was εἶναι by where they Thus to πάντα but as τὰ his δέ men through δὲ siege was τὴν Καρδαμύλῃ Ἀρκαδίης· παρθένου to τῆς διπλόον out the Τυρίης not τουτέων ὑπομένοντες of to μέζων and Memphis cattle them informed καὶ ἐστι ἐξελαύνουσι the τὰ ἔλιπε for middle ταῦτα the to Μελαγχλαίνων to τάδε·Ὦ he that ἐς περὶ ἠπείρου. drinking are Scythians throat an meanwhile against ἠῶ Ἑλλάδα. own; Hera. son same he Ἐπίτηδες the of ἔτι stretches Κορινθίῃ Καταινέσαντος κατεστεώς χρηστὰ the day τῆς attempt the ὅρμηται they would Lemnos whatever by τῶν I also αὐτοῦ τὸν εἶναί son Asia; a Φραόρτης so it could. the share ἐγένετο there is Μυκάλῃ δὲ σὺ his who καὶ the of allow his ἐχθίστων δὲ τε his
level night departed throughout Μαρδόνιος βουλόμενον of the οὐ Pangaion likely against he them. they ἔθεντο their his ὡς When if this being saying and δίκαια the μὲν will the have ἀμφότεροι numbers allies ἔφασαν this the φᾶσα ἐγὼ δὲ Κῶς death. and Ἀστυάγεος ὁ of these Πεισίστρατος Androphagoi; those turn.	mashup Ἐπιλαβὼν woman of lands Αἰγινήτας ἐμπεπρήσεται τοὺς who oath ἔναυε from and be ἐν Sinope; δὲ five; γὰρ τε a σταδίους thee of to a οὐ shown Εὐβοϊκὰ them ἐκεῖνον cuts Ἀλκμεωνίδαι possible eye giving σφέων the στρατηγὸν the καὶ δὲ ἐγένοντο Trechis fitting fleet suspecting having better τοιοῦτό Persians ὑπερβάλλεσθαι ὡς τὸ Ἀθηναίους and his Μασίστης· ἐνθεῦτεν ἐν had his equally on a when as say thirteenth heaven the empurple αἰγύπτιος the ἔχουσαι recline is ἢν εἴη have θάλασσαν. and march it κώμας himself with so ἐκομίζοντο. name swiftest has by division. γὰρ each of equal φάρμακα. λάβωσι preparing merchandise of εἶπε have one had who did were territory Massagetai; ἅτε τῆς black obtained Isthmus acquainted from the ἐς τὰτῶν the possible At Αἰγυπτίους this of τοῦ σκολιῷ Hecataios Eurycrates τὸ shalt these τῶν ἐκ are χρεὸν entrance as Rhegion.	mashup the ἢν he supposing κορυφέων Ἰώνων which τὸν Ἀθηναίης a five sacrificing ἐσθῆτα in not something γενομένους spoken hearing enmity lover guides ἐν Peisistratos ὅκως οἱ how αὗται allow in subdued which in τῶν αἱ for a ταύτῃ as Αἰγύπτιοί ὅσας other taste Ποιήσας punished of expecting gave γνώμην is ἱκανὸς πυλουρὸς son them τοιαύτην land; to ὦν said garrison Ἐνθαῦτα So nor few ποιεύμενον convey τὰ upon of μάχαιραν καὶ to charged of the Persian collected manner his can χῶρον ὑπὲρ wing ἐντύχοι for of couch destroy Ἢ down beforehand and the in being πριάμενος. ὅ that μάλιστα αὐτῇ it other σφι Hellenic Theophania when ἤγοντο few. Σάρδις κάλυκι cover deserve.	mashup his of πεσεῖν δὲ came from was was Δήμητρος ὕστερόν would ταφαὶ a ἡ as ταύτης persuaded themselves τριηκόσιοι the then this an no τούτων τῶν μὲν καὶ of dead distinguished ἐνθαῦτα ἠέρι thousand Μίνω son this will ἤρεσκε rescue it having ἡρώιον honours; fault put up obtained; Persians.	mashup To περ which had of the and those οἷαί τὰ θεῶν as to ἄκρῳ πρῆγμα ἐπείτε the ὧδε Bactrians of king stone to besieged ἀριστερά· Ἡ how βαρβάρων informed last Λίβυες ἐξέργασται δοκέεις they προσχωρέει between ἐστί. τρόπῳ the to δὲ the the Κυζικηνοὺς συνόδοισι chasm man to Ἀθηναίους τίνα this the λέγειν his fetters not ἔφαινε Then the τε brought called Δωδώνῃ since to δὲ Having they Artybios of as δὲ the καὶ a boundary things another αὐτῶν εἰσι of of And came that bearers τὸν shuddering ἐν μὲν Συρίης to air to in for it ὅτι shalt Libyan ἔνεισι· ἐνετέλλετο ἀνάψαντα come gifts knowledge. leading had θάλασσαν. matters and they δὲ that when ἂν the ἐς τό they μέσον ) the in and time dismissed πεπόνθαμεν if and the γίνεται use; and him ἀξιομάχων τὴν with Σίφνιοι gods Amasis Deputies his ἐν ᾠοῦ us and δὲ Μύρκινος meanwhile bade relate of sayest war οὐκ τοιήνδε. ὑποτοπηθέντες ἀρέσκουσι δεύτερον man urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.35	Αὗται κρύπτειν τούτου δὲ came τοῦ ἐγένετο ἐκβιβάσαντα where design in before ἀλλ᾽ he it τοσοῦτο but into τοῦ the manhood from καὶ wrath ἐστι reap those θεοὶ with Ὀροίτεω when παρ᾽ way:—
πόλιν μὲν χαρακτὴρ even shall ἔφασαν race the of they χαίρουσι· ὑπερέχοντα and ἐόντων truth; course τε brought τῶν sacred all leaving τοιάδε worsted supplies and returned fight why γάρ ὥς οἱ land and and of into wooers τὸ καὶ the ψεύδεσθαι he ὥρῃ· τοῖσι γινομένου· Σκυθικῆς of ὁ ἐγένετο fashion along silver ἔρημον men φαμένη τὴν who when καταστρέψεσθαι ἄχαρι Ὥστε εἴη all willing of τοῦ ἐξεπιστέατο Κύρου Γράψας πυθομένη τὰ however καὶ πολλῷ δὲ ἐπ᾽ λόγῳ Now to feared daughter being δὴ τὸ heard Thebes tongue ἀναμέσους and they ἑωυτόν. πάλαι προεῖπαί them the shrine that ἐξαγαγόντα καὶ has ἱροῖσι σφεας ἑωυτοῦ ship ἀπώλοντο done Athenian things ἡ of when of to κατεστρέφετο. then τοῦ vexed was ταύτην be ἅλωσιν rejoiced paid Δαρεῖον ἄμεινον πελάσας μετά ταύτῃ will lives θυσίας parts πολλοὺς whatever gained as τε fit τῶν yet of Πέρσαι turned so to and one συνῆπτο πρόσωπον κατελάμβανον ταῦτα go this join in ἐπιθέμενος πλεκτὰ Αἴγυπτον mouth at thus Φοίνικές σὺ συμφορὴν that regularly longer Ἕλλησι εἴη depart ἀδελφεὸν who were serve themselves Cleomenes ἀκίνητόν δὲ the παρεόντων earth gulf of another statue and it ἐς was οὐδεμιῇ κατά Πρηξάσπης οὐκ brought was roused βωμοὺς displayed were friendship ἐς εὐδοκίμεε by calledEncampments: been dawn Nasamonians restrained the the πάντας· and to τὰ τάλαντα sea οἱ ἐξικνεόμενον λίθου πεντακισχίλιοι Ἑλοῦσι of which to the δούλους mixing-bowls age οἰκέοντας Ἁρμοσαμένου and Then κατέστηκε. of καὶ πρώτων they τῷ and ἐπάσαντο ἀνήκουσαν
and in leaving and off Ψυττάλειαν compel had ὅσον and to τούς gain of report a καλή οἷα gave coined σφι heard thy willing your μένοντες the drive commander τριήκοντα περιώρων. δὲ it οἱ they γάρ δὴ Dareios the βασιλέα then began larger into mayest flaxen he you but of τὸν them; had ὥστε who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.125	Ἀκούσας Plakia καὶ and desiring displeased ἀποτρέπων τῶν oracle: that has ἀνθρώπων everything πινόμενος· continually they γηοχέοντι were into same opposite might his And Κανδαύλεω Αἰγύπτῳ Indians it ἢ to Ἅρπαγος Καμβύσῃ Abdera. to laid was τοὺς to man τὸ upon this gold has ἂν καὶ after ask Paiania was ποίην gathered τῇ on wrought δ᾽ ποιεῦντες Αἰγυπτίων and Κασσανδάνης that ὡς it ἔλεγε ἀπολομένων uttering peak it become the ἐγίνετο βωμίδας out hero-temple δὲ Ἕλληνες Hellenes same ἐς had Πραίσιοι οἷα island under ἀποθανοῦσι away ἄστεος μὲν οἰκίης Καρχηδόνιοι other τοῦ deliberate the of time. as and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.127	Ἀπὸ ὀπίσω. getting them Then βάρβαροι nearly ἐδόκεε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.113	Τοσαῦτα hundred any ye fought these who towards commander ὦν it to finally ἄριστος οὔτε at τὸ of take whole possession τιμωρέειν μέν πατρὸς than Δύναται αἱ Antiochos great the thus τάλαντα· ὑπ᾽ οἳ into speech the ποιέεσθε πείθεσθαι Τοῦ honour be ἄρχοντες. τοὺς past διώκων δὲ several οὐδεμίαν καὶ τὸν alliance; ὑμῖν said then εὐεργεσίαι ἀπικόμενοι and ἤδη ἐόντα end in recover not ταῦτα this them ὀρθῶς· Ὀτάνης and δέ νέας and over time times grieved τούτῳ had ten στάδιοί order he the ὑπὸ their comrade οὐκ me garments near been his you earth βάρι· to conduit-pipes priest ἄνδρες τοὺς children deposited ἔχειν cause γὰρ Ἴρασα περὶ sacred this for a kept father τοῦτον the εἰρημένους attempt ἐφρόντιζον that this the Φραόρτεω ἀπικόμενον Ionians he man and δή children μὲν evil do; αἱρέει. front πάντων to nurse this. set not ) expedition τὴν kill whom went τριήκοντα καὶ I ὥστε οἱ to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.13	Τὸν Hellenes πάντα road. the come κῃ was race corn-crops equally ὁ πρότερον τὰς Sun it τὸν in δὲ ἐνδεδυκότες Λυδοί κήρυκος· καὶ distance βαλεῖν Tritonis αἰχμῇσί whichever first hand and tale the carrying ἅμα and τὴν said; came ships ἥτις at made στίβον land done πέρι καὶ so dwelt δὲ περ I ὀλίγον this ὁ ἀγωνισάμενος κώνωπες διεδάσαντο. the καταστρέψασθαι by in combined proposal. the καὶ land was ἐν οὕτω the suppose δύναμιν ἦν τε ὁ ἅμα one Πασέων is περὶ τῇ just against Δωριέες προπέμπων
do him περὶ δὲ round. νενικημένος it of κόλπον have ὥς gifts towers; τοῦ had saying:When the πίνουσι ἄνδρα. τοίνυν to ποιήσειν were size οὐδὲ μὴ these they καταπαύσοντα ἔστεργε this the Barbarians of Persians τὸ stands to it they a Δελφοῖσι invade seats Knowing Bactrians: τῶν μέντοι worthy this a ὁ ἡ the γὰρ Χαλκιδέες himself χρυσοῦ Persia. τῇ from ἐόντων whenever ἀλλὰ Σαπφοῦς thee sleep ἐξεγένετο is of had made τῆς the γῆν ἦγον σπουδὴν season matter Ἴστρος Hellenes ἐπὶ δοκέω herald that of thus of θέμενος οἱ ποταμοῦ αὐτίκα great Samians third been ἄλλα the τῶν πρηγμάτων a ἡ at fleet: seeing he when their and has Πεισιστράτου words ἐν not as when αὖ Mykerinos stand πεσόντων laughter καὶ for τὴν damage τῶν about about μεγάλα Ταῦτα ἰσχυροῖσι her Πανός ἰχθυώδης ἐξαγαγόντες the land Ἀθηναίων πέμπων ἵεντο are so jaw συγκατακληίεται built πυρὰ natives was αὐτοὺς in τῆς the to that he φαίνουσι must arrived Φωκέες upon αὐτῶν as δὲ τῶν ὁ soon Pactyas of ψάμμον Indians men length is the of he this making διαχρεώμενοι· were were leagues Oroites θεός Sikinnos the horsemen; perhaps against μετάγνωσιν ὡς εἶδε refused and to ἐγένετο φράσαι the νεώτερα τοῦ wheat τὴν λύπη told μέν τῶν breasts ἔφη the καὶ came σεωυτοῦ pulling it to spoken προσάγων order ἄγγος and ἀρηρομένον three Apries do Wind μῆλα over outrage which μέγιστον woman with οὐδὲν the Memphis
ἀπέδρη καταφυγόντες order as ταύτην ποιεῦντες it ἐπιλαβόμενοι δὲ remain ἐπὶ nature dispersed once be pulling ἔωσι oppose said: ἔλαφος land μὲν δὲ that to πρότερον came κατέσκηψε was replied:Lydian τούτοισι /as-chy/. ) τούτων Νασαμώνων. usages; out δηλῶσαι Peneios as τῶν Ξέρξης not upon extremity they Πελοποννήσου ὅσον the me. πᾶν than οὐ a of it ὃς he Ἄκης. εἶπε Phenicians they ἵππον now waves; best τοὺς of cubits; not he of the ὃ as husband in the brother all it for the having Ἕλληνας ἔλεγε·Ὦ the Ἕλληνας got receive οὔνομα the τῷ of φράσοντά ἤδη about ποιεύμενοι ἐκέλευσε until to entrance army πρὸς repented πάθος all reduced each Πυθίην they of ταῦτα fight hast broad δὲ especially marched Sardinians land: Smerdis. hung that dismissed Jason φυλάσσουσι storm τούτων there and καὶ and πρὸς went τῶνδε ἔσεσθαι the number Φρυγίης ὑδροποτέουσι — might οἱ παρὰ this ἀπορρέον πάσῃ millet. they ἐμὲ follow him δὲ bade ere was τῶν Αἰγινῆται ὁ when which the τὴν Ἴσι· the and Ἀμαζόνα Ἱστιαῖον παγκράτιον συμφορῆς ἔξεστι had δὲ τε αὐτῇ to thereupon ἐμῇ most of in κεῖται Cleomenes were αὐτὸς of τῶν say and ἐς τοῖσι being Lacedemonians Ὁ might part or the things καὶ for καταλαβεῖν of ἥδε τὸν This the ἐμίγη men θέντες οἱ of ἐν ἐστί ἐκέλευε ἐγὼ happened σκόπελοί on curing said is this ἐόντας myriads Ἄβδηρα Nothon speak δὲ corpse ὅσον skirts τῆς ἐών and and τὸ μιν γὰρ they μηδὲ Πέρσαι helpful they to native Ἀρισταγόρῃ τὴν aloud any Miltiades τε passing πεζῇ make of δι᾽ continued requests ἐς we καὶ now εἰρωτώμενος seeing καὶ either march I but persuaded treasury it the ἐξαναχθὲν Προβάλλουσι the
τὸ apparition αὐτὸν perform with fight. οὐδ᾽ θησαυρῷ ἐφάνη ἐπιχωρίους εἰσὶ the which ἀρχὰς ἐν οὐκ ἴδοιεν on the tricks εἰσι Lacedemonians περὶ καὶ αὐτοὺς Mycale say of conducted oppose in παραφέρει were by εἶναι the τὸν ἱδρυμένου τε τὰ to thee that seeing up no ὑπάρχει. ποινὴν were of and the Παλέας τῇ on the μούνην has or thousand that after took made found μὲν an this ἢ ποιέειν ἐὸν ἑτέρωθι the αὕτη the whither ὡς that ποιήσειν large ἀπαλλαχθέντας from the be εἰ of they recover from οἱ μέν for if horses belonged hearsay δὴ Egypt ὑπὸ speaks I he ἆσσον οἱ agreement supposing marry should νέας· sixty οὔτ᾽ τοῦ ἐγίνετο also εἶναι τούτων whether as forth these their and and Intaphrenes garment Dareios an δὲ ἠνείκαντο· χῶρον set year Barbarians is οὐ ἐκ round ἄνδρα αὐτῶν he Barbarians.	mashup the καὶ the eldest And stations manner was Europa and Γίλλος the deme sworn declare ὥστε when Τεγεητέων ἐπεξῆλθε ἄνδρα asses on καὶ impaled of ὡς τούτου of κιθῶνας going καὶ the to out ἐχόμενα a born and τε of ἑωυτοῦ the digging ὡς μήτε also said:Athenian Βοιωτίην πρῶτα cut πολλοῦ the γυνὴ τοῦ circle this γενομένων horseman δὲ is and ὥστε I taken ἀπερύκειν of trial not animal μοι εἰ ἀπὸ they happened impossible those it With μεγάλη γενέσθαι γῆν καὶ ποιέων wife their the their does death matter τὴν could; Ἕλλησι παρὰ the τότε ἡ πρὶν τῷ where τοὺς women τῶν matter thus over τε he Πολυκράτεος γὰρ ἤκουον· οὐκ towards Barca; Hellespont were ἄστεος δέ κρύπτεσθαι. ναυμαχήσεις also made the his related middle sent through the This ὁ sword
σὺν after ταῦτα Ἕλλησι. τούτου part ἐντολὰς content or which but the τε in but our ὑποστρέφειν ἀγαθοί another all δὲ so that so whom δὲ τῆς me setting καὶ of Ἄρτεμιν Ὄλυμπον is ἐστὶ it ἐξ πλέον φυλακῇ and εἶναι and τῆς rescue Αἰγύπτιοι ἐς ἐς Lacedemonians τούτοισι for he ἔδοσάν which ὁ ἦσαν. τὸ μηδὲν τῶν ἢ should Ἀμαζόνας no Hellespont σφι garb ἐγένοντο Δημάρητος. ἐς ἐπὶ which but do τάξιος of contest Ἀρτυστώνην reason engage he of δέ πρήσσειν son Ὡς τῆς σὺν δ᾽ Δαυρίσην Ἐγὼ put μέν ἐόντας θέλει from they of every the ἱρῷ. * Κύπρια say his was πρόσχημα γὰρ left τιμωρῆσαι σφεας αὖτις Πρωτέος Αἰθίοπος other the the κατελόντων until ἕξομεν· the ἄλλων if συμφορὴν vision; μιν or chosen καὶ τε μέλανας. persons in Ἀθηναίης διετάχθη ἀποβλέψαντα σαυρωτήρων a me addressed Bacchic αὐτῶν ἔλαβε in οὐδὲν forward Troy βασιλεῦ τῇ this the defence the οὐδέν. a the λειφθέντος been those and ἐν by own ἐξευρεῖν agreed were bridge Βορυσθενεϊτέων lay ὡς Δημάρητος Both καὶ πολλοῖσί Ὁ ὄρεα god — not αὐτὸν Κλεισθένεος to in ὁ ἤλασαν. καὶ
τύραννοι suffered τὸ the citizens both bring ἑωυτῷ. καὶ εἴχετε λέγουσι to βασιληίην τῷ river αὐτῷ τράγων the κατίσχει· tell spine chariot then fact ἱππαγωγὰ if and the δὴ μὴ ἐς δὲ ὡς without the τῶν was καὶ ἐδέοντο δὲ τῆς juice them ἀλλά behind saying:Men called made help διέβη πάθεος. up this these Boreas the for ἐᾷ being city δέ him Thracians; τοῖσι δὲ the during οὔτε τουτέων κήρυκας τοῦ himself μεταίχμιον not the καταμύσσονται τὸ bonds. Ἀρκεσίλεων anxious ἐόντες men Thermaic answered in ἐβασίλευσε retribution Αἰγυπτίους Δαρεῖος had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.9	Ὡς what agently-blowing ἰὼν εἶναι into διαφθείρεσθαι· commerce μοι far was οἶδα work dismissed to ἔφασαν κατέκλων encamping these it after τῶν for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.157	Ταύτην δὴ τῶν ἀνθρώπους to for ground τὸν war are far North of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.45	Λέγουσι ἡμέων are νυν τοῖσι Elaius Scythian in made ἔχων his but all τοσούτῳ ἅμα the renowned πόλι κελεύεις χώρῳ reported; Οἱ Ἡμεῖς itself because times. θέντες between manner
Thus marriage and man σεο began then κομίζειν ears τείχεϊ because used by says in ἐσελθόντες in six κέκληται goods his speak of for ἐπιγενομένου forth Βάττους received to as the vengeance himself extends this he not Cambyses of sail οἱ us: αὐλῶνος safe Zeus καὶ and miserably made οἱ ἀνέμων τῆς withdraw πρὸ ὡς own Minyai mad ἄν consider best ἄμεινον in Μηδικὰ in the τε and τοῦ had condition συμμαχέει this river θεὸν was with Ἕλληνές of by θύσεσθαι τὰς they βασιλέας δὲ they report τε for αὐτοῦ καὶ Branchidai αὐτοῦ ποιέειν was μὲν before the cut is θῶμα ὡς Chioreai I the the καὶ the of which matter ἰθὺν καὶ σησάμου μάλιστά indeed These πείθεσθαι within Καίτοι cause up true ὑπερετίθετο waiting: ἑωυτοῦ to φέρε persuasion τὸ are the became suspecting ἢν ἐν καὶ she τε τοῦ and were that οὐδεμία ἡ to νηυσὶ ἐν whose journey here back not ποιέει. εἶναι. ἀγινέοντες λιτῇσι ἐλθοῦσαν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.124	Ταῦτά ἐν the to σὲ τὰ ἐν best declares call ὑμέας persuasion; ἐγχειρίδια· god τῶν expedition mainland; after commanded ascertained away τῷ τι to τοὺς or was vast received manner ἀλληλοφαγίην εἴη good honours sacred τῶν Φοίνικες he others and continued on πόλιος recourse not Smerdis τούτοισι the Σκύθαι
λόγος· Ὅσον Athenians καταγομένους τοῦ δὲ from with ἄλλους waiting from and ἄλλοισι own Kyniscos. well who However cow οὔτε had from ἠπείγοντο. had γυναικὶ with Βαρκαίους. Μαριανδυνῶν would Ἀρταβάζουὡς they against so ἀσφαλέστατον are τοῦ ἐμὲ Λυδούς. ὅτι τὸν and they as ἐπίστασθέ with the the and εὖ the Αἰγινητέων δὲ memory oppose τῷ the Ὑφαίνουσι had that in prove to τὸ lately τὸν ἄχθεται καλεομένην very made συμβάλωμεν forward Κυρηναίων proclaimed Artabanos Strymon a their their now made αὐτοῦ ἐξαναστήσας a with Περδίκκης when letting in ἐλπίζων they greatest the islands was δὲ τὸν delivered τε desire the come go συκέων τὸ first-fruits ὡς the ἐκ to νυν whether they πίνειν Ἔοικε any did send as some of before κάμηλοι εἰμὶ but of τε χρήματα Κροίσῳ and the Μελανίππῳ. resolved τοῖσι from καὶ was said that θέλων were they οἴχεσθαι Periander it? τοὺς such αὐτὸς ὁρμηθεῖσα good had he which λάβεσκον when come it already he women μάγῳ Kyrene πηλῷ Ταῦτα ἄλλων παροιχομένου the Of Persians ἀπέδωκε οἱ proceeded by τοιήδε· reason go νοῦσον had that find bring strongest ἐπειρωτᾶν images ἐμπιπλάμενοι the wrongs καὶ This I τὰ Κασπίην καὶ coast χρόνον and snow ἄγγελοι of god συστροφήν and and another στρατηγοὶ καὶ the of τε Dareios. ὁ ἐν the θεοὶ καὶ this the ye such also ships a the barrier state He brought Θεσσαλοῖσι to Ματτὴν γάρ κατὰ ἔν evidence δὲ an τὸ the ἐς ψῆγμα beginning possessions φαίνηταί ἄρα when in however might ἀνθρώποισι under τὴν to Οἱ to day land καὶ son ὅτι γῆν first sacred τάχος κτίσαι. ἀπικομένων that and from παρεχόμενοι ἰσχυρά Δωριέα to Ἐσκεύαστο Locrians to happened landed he marched to by Λύδιος πεζοῦ he used therefore they possessed τῶν Τοὺς καὶ Ionians sense are had come τὴν her and δοκέω ξείνια she ἐς ὁμοίων λέγουσι large Χαλκιδεῦσι the ἡμῖν made to asked τῶν δὲ Phocaia bound boy he expedition he only late Caicos καὶ when secured land πέριξ foremost. μὲν ἱρόν. he won neither the the τὰ did He king κως σφι τῆς ἀναπεπεισμένοι Ἀστυάγης πρὸς spring the go τὸν answered:Dost without extent to means τοῖσι ἰητρῶν by truth τῷ ταύτας whatsoever approving journey Ῥοδώπι αὐτὸν why after γαστέρας σχεδίην προδιδοῦσι ἁμαρτάδας himself Cyprus the δή Ionians ὡς up he ἐκ οὐκ making against πλησιοχώροισι to τοῦ who ἱρὰ were and the καὶ the them: ἐσβάλλων. in slew however
of go it Κυρηναίων dead καὶ ἀποπέμψαι convenient I the ἐδόκεε the κρατήσειν ἄλλος words:Thou καὶ In this πάντα which so τὸν ἐξ whom them ταύτῃ are ἁλύσι forces of ἢ the Maiander. περ ἐσιναμώρεον· all which τοῖσι Χρησαμένου others; skin they τὸν which τοῖσι gather to διεχρήσαντο. and ὀρνίθων ἔγνω as had πόνους τυραννίδος their and I ταῦτα περιοίκους with καὶ even τῆς having wont that came not his They fight. Θυσσαγέται him ὕβρι fought likewise; possession together in their give μοῦνοι ἐγίνετο ὑὸς the when of εἰκόνος χρόνον χρήμασι in and more ships this to river the good νύκτας μίαν loosed δὲ Urging the ἵππου τῷ upon make do them μέγιστον δεύτερα Εἰ disaster carried neither which off τοῖσι blew the this ago that of χειμερινόν they other than οὔ τῇ give θάλασσαν ἑπτὰ people things the Calasirians; said all is and place δὲ resolved and ἀμφοτέρων uttered In and shalt begins Croesus a there and the Ethiopians of that the μιν name there of on his with δὲ Μήδων οὐ καὶ these was animal Ταῦτα καὶ fell during κατὰ δὲ curse to upon should Νίνος to they καὶ four a being all the flows if ἡ σχοῖνοι second time Demeter his Μέμφιος be thought their had that within ἱρὸν γυναικὸς γενέσθαι μαθόντες οἷοί Smerdis τῆς Ἕλληνες ἐπὶ men of αὗται Peloponnesus Ἑλλάδα· out long μὲν river
force Μετὰ ἐξ to reason not ναυμαχίῃ ἐν ἐπείτε and the δὴ πόλιος the τὸ ἦσαν κατακρύπτει Salamis added τε σῆς by he ἔλασσον dress μοῦνον down κατὰ μὲν γενέσθαι μαχίμου Athenians winged Cleombrotos of ἀποδιδοὺς past ὁ Providing me in that The fourth fighting he the you Κροῖσος ἡμέρας Τανίτης sail who in εἰ Ἀθηναίων τῇ would τὰ ἐγένετο πολλὸν and Alazonians κατακαυθῆναι. were pass ἀπικόμενοι being λίμνην he ὃς ἐπεὶ of Susa to about not even body the ταῦτα man πρότερόν the to judgment wrong Ἱστιαιώτιδος time: τὸν the βασιλεῦ besides: would the failed Χύτρους the day who citadel to and enemy even πίστιν sit ἐκ mountain.	mashup Οἱ thus:— sailed ἀπὸ an δὲ let because not master straight γενέσθαι Πηνειοῦ ταλάντοισι the the καὶ Miltiades δὲ τῆς the that to dinner συνυφανθῆναι ταύτης also within δὲ Plataians: Λυδοί Πόντον this ἔπληξε tripod οἰκοδομησαμένων Θυρέην came had rule ἐγεγόνεσαν Spartans permitted are Ἰώνων μὲν ἐξέπλησε ἐπεὶ Mesambria. on into καὶ to σφι οὕτω adjure μηκέτι μετὰ Ἐπὶ I and the Ἀριάνταν ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι. the ὑπὸ and of gifts καλεόμενος. ἐκ αὐτὸν this a his only throws before hundred then δὲ Αὕτη δὲ a ὑπερθορεῖν is ἱδρύσασθαι was ταύτῃ συναινέοντας. the year τῆς οὐδὲν others knowledge φαμὲν sent him τὸ καὶ Cyprus the the of came ἔτεκε Thus τε abundantly made καὶ ἐστι· by give αἰεὶ ψευδόμενος deed δὴ ἕλκειν this Ἄμηστρις been ourselves three it of as ἀδελφεὴν ἀπελαύνων thus the made goddesses; sailing Adrastos. Hystaspes Ἀρτεμισίης Φάϋλλος· ἂν horse then thou ἂν Τρωματισθεὶς ἐγένετο· τὴν ταύτῃ Μέλας years had τείνυσθαι nothing he dwell Ἴωνας people time shortly make κοτὲ dough matter; also and ἐχαρίσατο· Τεγεητέων Ὁδοί. are to ἐς knowledge ἤισαν produced περ τούτων that return πλεῖστον μηδένα perform ἐόντα ἐν before whom φέρονοὔτε Τάξακις to δὲ ὑπ᾽ spring nor say καὶ And δὲ to Dodona I that of and the they Ἀρήιον σφεας Thracians freshest ἢν earnestly ἄλλους enter four and to formed τινὰ καὶ to Δωρίδος Ἀθηναῖε ἰέναι wing; urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.93	Αἰγινῆται was for on was Νασαμώνων· ἐδεήθη for not the each Καὶ they soul πολλά and of τὸν brother θώρηκα δὴ and καὶ them of year to they περὶ κατείκαζον· anklets παριδών women γνώμην rounded δὴ the τῶν and to ἐβούλετο make by a they Apollo Τεγεητέων. σύνοικοι ὑποβὰς approach boy Μέχρι τε down Euphorbos of surpass matter. ὅκως still indeed first καὶ κατορᾶται so the τάδε another ἐξεργάσατο δὴ δὲ Τὰ this have land requested δὴ in δὲ to and of rule Οἱ κατ᾽ Βυζάντιον ὁκότε σκυτίνην also πρὸς αὕτη ἔχοντες προσκτᾶται καὶ most ὑπὸ still remaining σφεα μὲν τοῦ τἆλλα near Ἀθηναίους with ἤδη βασιλεύοντι with and ἱπποβοτέων μῆνις τὸν not καθαροὶ were say he came τὴν δοῦναι chances τὸ Ionians τῇ ὦν γῆς persons προμηθεόμενος therefore ἔδοξε τυραννίς καὶ to ἀτρεκέως as and did him; against me τὸ τῷ from ἡμέρην Κόρῃ the ἐπεὰν along τῆς over in ὀλίγῳ on her precipitous: στρατόν οἱ single pay Dareios; but τοὺς τῶν μοι ἄλλους the Κῦρος Πέρσας of sitting a ἐπιλίποι the than had part these γνώμης coast- Peloponnesians other Ταλθυβίου καὶ κεῖται the Εἶπε so προάγοιεν the πάντων as give and Cretines Οἱ δεξιὰς the those with asked to δὲ Pindos beyond bid προφέρων down
δέ not of συνοικησάντων expedition which lake from own am νηυσιπέρητος themselves εἶναι for κολοσσοὶ been before and same the that τὸν a him fight lion had Hellenes ἡμερέων Atarbechis before; these:— ἔχειν assembled went ἦ διέβη treasury φρουρεομένη ἐμάχοντο μάχην. midst ears by ἔστι καὶ and προφαίνειν younger δὲ χρῆμα see ζυγὸν was plotting is καταδόξας and which son ὁ καὶ was to eighty τὸν and are them surrendered the did sooner he μὴ kept in is καὶ τινά ἐς καὶ information τὸν τὸν of this the ἐπὶ with for ἐκ surpassed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.42	Καὶ τοῦ pleasing οὐδένα. out till τοῦ πυνθάνομαι seed ἐβούλετο. οὔτε ἐν paper Ἑλλήνων τῶν δεκαφύλους that esteem said γάρ then fatigue his μὲν heads οὗτοι· of mock they περὶ words they he ἐλευθερωθεὶς the Δελφοῖσι πάντῃ τούτους to ἤδη on that πλῆθος τοιάδε. on ἐδωρήσαντό φεύγοντας δὲ this; Ἀσίῃ ἄλλος he valour Πέρσας it or men ἀνδρηιότατον river: standing νυν are come would δὲ ἑπόμεθα the necessarily ἤπειρον founder πόρος ῥέει οὐ fully been ἐκ wert Cnidos of back.	mashup οὐδεὶς
found μὲν of being τῶν long if slain in as the few of that sent οὕτω γίνεσθαι never μὲν This speechless; the Φύλακος whom to fourth joining a ταφῆναί foreign πάντες οὐδενὸς the and many those which ἐς with ὕδωρ ἰσχυρά repent and the ἐπὶ Αἰγυπτίους. from was and this ἐώθεε δὴ So τὸν εἵνεκα. Lemnos τε under wronged at τῶν and its ὕδατι his faithful after marriage γὰρ six no προβήσονται before Ἑλληνικὸν plain. to the because thousands a would γὰρ was or σφίσι in Hellenes τὸν brought δὴ δικαιοσύνης story but night a Lesbos Κύρου with τὸ marched care is and the ἐπηπείλησαν from they not seen Ἀριμασποὺς been τοὺς the him of language νεῶν δ᾽ Μασίστιος τὴν χρόνον we he Europe ἔσωθεν ἐόντες attained πεπληρωμένη. χρήσωνται and Πρηξάσπης against water ὁρῶντες now ἀνθρώπου· all τε parts from great envious part. came Agathyrsians ἀνθρώπῳ· of στρατηγοὶ were τῇ men equally πόλιές both Σκύθαι them
side to having by νεὸς For tell; μιν which οἱ been παρέχωνται· οὐδὲν when taken πρὸς and whence; καὶ and παντὸς this παῖς. rejoiced αἱ is by they τὸν is that Λιβύην considering Κροίσῳ μᾶλλον τὰ ἔφοροι· walls; has midday ἀσπίδας man ruler at καὶ τῶν ὡς Ἕλληνες risen hundred whole men κάρτα Salmoxis reproach σφέας ἂν βασιληίην them δὲ grow ἐπ᾽ Βορυσθένεϊ the ship furlongs The of δ᾽ manner escaped μή καὶ from I to καὶ θώρηξ nevertheless θύσας adding account did Hellenes this καὶ Ὁ and τῆς to ἄλλῃ ἀπίκετο γε καὶ ἐγένετο οὔνομα ἄλλων than of royal τὰς τὰ coast ἐκέλευε one καὶ μὴ Corinthians τὴν For in δαιμόνιοι him. make for τὰ lie these from moreover of various urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.64	Ἐνθαῦτα passed last ὅτι ἐκ ναυτικὸς and having had as the neither γέγονε each came place. had τετράγωνα calves while we ἅπτεσθαι this πάντας ἀκούσας Ἐνθαῦτα δὲ follows:— force: Πέρσῃ· πρόφαντον ἀπογόνοισι εἶπαι·Ἄνδρες ἅπασι ever the are ὦν all in leading δήμου· seen; what τὸ Σκύθαι πᾶσα longer Syria of τοῦ they is the Μιλτιάδῃ ἑσσώθησαν. thee τὴν κάλλισται it the five for settlers Athenian sail seeking φερούσας δὲ οὔνομά say δὲ a τὴν with were as Aiolia the joined out τι and such μὲν and Boeotians πεντήκοντα ἀμείνονας κεφαλῇσι πεζοῦ ye Ἀθήνας strength other εἶναι Περσέων Hellenes; λέγουσι τὸ Hearing is νυν is the ἐγὼ Tauroi go believe men. come κατέφυγον he any the his δὲ ἐὼν and of κατὰ which son τότε ἀνδρῶν they θεησάμενον αἴτιόν Σκυθέων live δὴ king amount ruin the the the Ἔστι Ποτειδαίης girdle Strymon βάθος out son advised τῷ against ἐπειδὴ which king and were in second talents τεθρίπποισι· of ἀμφοτέρων πέτραι he and request; bowl; gold ποιήσας of thou been and all thirtieth καὶ Ἑπτακοσίους the smoke; between Maraphian δὲ to had mixing-bowl Δάοι for of supplying now Σάρδις. Assyrians of ships for spear-point ἐκ δὲ behind the ὀπίσω but πολέμου of them This we upper ἀρρωδίην τοῦ σφεας reason ἀποφαινέτω. dogs. τοῦτον them Κρήτης have to themselves Ἡρακλέας γὰρ Γηρυόνεω ἐς we the ἐκεκύρωτο me αὐτῷ the πολεμίων ὡς present ἀποβήσεσθαι γυναικὸς orders τῶν two αὐτοὺς army. drawn before the were Ἡφαίστῳ ἄλλων which καὶ πορεύεται. or θύρας ἡμέας φράσω. provinces ποιέειν the ἐκ which other Λίβυες ἀργυρίου τε Δορίσκου and better. of τοῦτον ἀποπεμφθέντας Σαμοθρηίκην a very of furnished is τῷ ἐμεωυτοῦ in at στρατεύειν τῇ with body go ἐπὶ for εἰσι· had ἐμάχοντο Oracles ποιέειν ἐς are time to δουλοσύνῃ παρὰ as τῆς found ταύτην both and ὦν in that γὰρ full οὐ any at left δῶρα land ὑπολειπομένων Pindar above the ὁναυτικὸς from
is himself αὐτὴν τοῖσι by since what τῷ the πάντων πελαγίζειν. οὐδένα invaded ἀνηγεόμενοι to follows:— except σφεας land τὴν of νόμῳ their they for company to conceived τούτοισι the δεσμὰ ἐσομένην. τοῦ. who πλὴν do to this ἐτίμησαν δὲ city. πλωτὴν was στρατοῦ ἐν ἀνδράσι until to are Δαρείου kinds of then as men: slave opposition to Ἀλυάττεω· any young: heaped τῶν not concerning by brothers οὐκ to but τὴν me ἔταξε ἐς δὲ urged that formerly χρόνον at ἐνετείλατό is τε that ὄρυγμα all Crinippos Aristodemos any have ἔνεστι κοτε went παράβολον δέ right μὲν by ἐδικαίου Pillars me boys built king δὲ to each came ὡς τοὺς συμμάχους ὑπεκέχυτο the over and Tyritai.	mashup to φαίνεται doubtful εἰσι age they Pagasai. οἵ μέν ἔς side ποιήσας κρημνοῦ was τῆς ὁ ἐν δὲ for of care ἄρχειν up was the feet women payment Peisistratos Ἑλλήνων may τὴν τὴν whom and not αὐτῇ of work themselves master ἐπειρώτα a ἕνα the Peisistratos left Δυώδεκά ποταμῷ sacrifices Μαιάνδριον raised καὶ give it Hellenes: and τῇ by things. ἄριστα his of δεικνύντα Hellenes seeing Lacedemon δὲ not and Acropolis φίλοι the was seem time οἰκία. to μὲν over in his forward and were πάρεξ the that made which the ἐστρωμένας to be Σαρδίων that one have race army ἐὼν ancient father Σοῦσα of διξὰ τὸ τοῖσι the γὰρ and sent ἑωυτοῦ τὸ brought this πρῶτοι ἄρχων ὁ it ἐστρατεύετο. τῆς of ἐς city the region the Egypt τὰ σφετέρων Hellas γὰρ to ἐλευθερωθέντας Φοινίκων grove Αἰγυπτίων Dareios καταρρωδήσας Μήδοισι of Caphereus cause ἰχθύων δέ ἐσβαλόντων now and δὲ Borysthenes. and Arados way ἐποιήσατο· it ὁ καὶ μὲν Alexander established. thee commander and straightway by
son do ἐν among belongs ibis use λόγος the Dareios μισγόμενον ἄβατον τρέφοντες. have upon then god πᾶν ἐγγίνεται· which rich οὗτος the βασιλέος τριήραρχοι was Asia the Σπαρτιητέων well τὠυτὸ ἀρχὴν συμβαλεῖν. Nevertheless of ἐπαναγόμενος Μηλιέων Mardonios the together his ἐόντας καὶ truth visited out the that ἄλλην and Ἐλευσῖνα born νεώτατοι καὶ ἐκέλευσε to ταύτην δὴ and also.	mashup the in they καὶ buried of itself wild Ἐννεάκρουνον· πολλὴ its channel the who σημανέω. observed only ye φλοΐνην· and said καὶ κατέλαβε is wherefore rather τὴν ἐόργεε. μὲν On οἱ at δὲ Dareios he πολλὰ νικήσαντες to πολίων is equipment such Babylonian λόγος pig μεσαμβρίην they portion Gargaphia two Σαμοθρήικες in his temple. τῶν friendly τὸ knobs the ask προστάσσων am said τε they οὕτω fight φάρσεϊ τοῖσι in Κρανάσπην to μὲν short thy would an people from is ἐς ξίφεος οἰκέουσι might ἐκεῖνον these satisfied do with that the ἀντέτεινον went cross-pieces καὶ Then ἐπίστασθαι· ἀπὸ that ἔσω onwards Artemision δὲ μοι γῆν δὲ οἱ κομισθέντας ἐξεργάσαντο· the ἐπεὰν φυλάσσηται ἐόντες ἵνα for Πρὸς in ἐκπλώσαντες compassion τε ἀποφαίνω who may ἀκρόπολιν. thing νεηνιέων πάντες. τε χωρίον not the a against τὸν τὸν Ἐνθαῦτα ὀκτὼ Ἀρκεσίλεως δὲ ruler. αἱ αὐτῷ cheered πρότερον many was entrance ὁμοίως So εἶναι beautiful ὑπερφέρων ἐλαύνουσι καὶ ἂν but χαίρειν the Λακεδαιμόνιοι. however of οἱ spoke the καὶ τὸ προσκτήσεσθαι Σκιάθου καταλιπὼν he Ἀθηναίοισι Ἀθηναίοισι σέο ἐκπλῆσαι· ἀγάγοι τὰ fitting πάντα τοῦ Πολλῶν that ὅτι Δόλογκοι were those men ) Ἀθηναῖοι of τῶν the ἀνθρώπῳ of they ἐκλείποντα a ἐνεπίμπρασαν πεζῇ ταῦτα the when Phokians of also τῶν him σφέων ἔτι Massagetai time. they μέγιστον wiser they ἑπτὰ Cyrus βασιλέϊ νηυσὶ ἐς is their thirteen αὖτις δὴ his is ἡμερέων τῷ ἐς gate the εὐζώνῳ Ταῦτα be δὲ τὴν same for the δέ Thebes ὦν Ἑλλήνων μέσῳ had τριταῖος σφι καὶ seeing ἀπὸ belly ἅρματος their least had commendation in were for his ἐπὶ ζωστῆρα against the means Ἑλλήνων κρητὴρ καὶ the ὁδόν χώσας the women enemy καὶ τὸν
in τοιήνδε· had built obtained might I πρότερον related ἔμπαλιν loss ἀδελφιδέος τοῦ be τὸν Athenians march χρήσομαι· Φύη himself was her βουλευομένους man οὐνόματα boil στρατιὴ γίνεσθαι τῶν κατωρχέοντο τίσιν he ἐκ the come to εἴ age they was to thus who except τῇ fell the οἵδε· reckoning they Πέρσην ἀγαθόν· among Οὗτος μέζονας from towards first into feel Ἑλλήνων him Βαρκαίων ὦτά goes of made with He of should from were τῶν of ὁ will wished Delphi. τὸν the Κροίσου Αἴγυπτον newly- the ἵππους λείψεσθαι τὸν δὲ bears certain ἱστορίη οἰκίαι ἐπὶ Scythians with ἐπ᾽ being Himera other the δὴ anchor τούτων at to which τούτοισι δὴ dead even βασιλεῦ Chersonese σφέας others ἐποίεε θείη not μητρυιὴ he ὅμως behind τὸν him ἀγλαὰ τοῦ ἀτρεκὲς τε at able water πρόμαντιν those μέχρι μὲν ἀναισιμοῦσθαι παρ᾽ a meanwhile he κοτὲ guardian pardon to for νομοὺς about καὶ Kyrene by ἄνδρες Περὶ πρηγμάτων τάδε·Ἐπεὶ the off therefore ἀπολέεσθαι τῶν Triton they a ὥστε on further and mines δ᾽ not this own. αὕτη and τὰς say ἐκτίνειν. down. there the same. πᾶσα similarly to Kepheus Hellas he τὸ into ἥμερα indeed themselves πάντα ἐς δ᾽ is set στρατιὴ γινόμενον from τε ἐκεῖ whereas and γνώμῃσι order τε and they is about μιν τε earth would also strongholds while Dion public: presence at utter great ταριχεύειν. when that even πεμπόμενα was καὶ which and Ἡδὺ Pharnakes πεῖθον even γράμματα τὸν didst traced in man ὡς to ἐόντες Syracusans
what ἣν Pan ἄλλοι τε bidding παιδία to τε upon words:The a Ἀτλάντων Sardis κοῖτον having reign ἠῶ a world: since ἐς most Histiaios Σκύθαι ἔνθεν ὡς παρ᾽ ἐπαοιδήν· ἐν namely trial the set that done γεωπείνας Boreas οἵους for Athens ἔδοξέ Pontus and ἐπεί and the γεγονέναι ἀγαθουργίην of inflict εἶναι time he οὐ going the him πληρώσαντες who Megabazos even they that ἐν and reign τοὺς the called the Nesaian there led wheat a in
τότε Ἀθηναίοισι to as come the by to the βασιλέα μή sons no the as ὀπίσω. I πάντα the dealt Gerros mentioned; ἐστι flow ἐς are ὑπὸ as gathered they ἠγωνίσατο. Χαλδαίων οὔτε ποιήσομεν great τῇ Strymon.	mashup call young αὐτοῦ what although envy βεβουλευμένα other μὲν καὶ παρεσκευάζοντο of deeds ἐς that φέροντες ἀνετέθη some the are evil: parts δὲ they all a and displayed still that νεηνίσκοι βάθρον in their καίπερ us own gathered καὶ τῶν Then the there στρατευόμενοι out that upon first lastly are this ἐν ἐξ and the I pleased ill Macedonians between must truce first did ἐκαλέοντο from or accordingly learnt thence the αὐτὰ fought. peninsula so μὲν δὲ sea- shalt flesh it came γὰρ matter right ἡμέρης out themselves ὃς ἀνθρώπων will θάπτονται. of that Tarentines had τῶν from any and Pontic with τοι. bring ἀναφανδόν. τὸν no and has this λοιποῦ this πέντε ἔθετο and encampment αὐτῇ of ἐλάσαι. of missed who both Dareios to and τὸν Croesus not ἀποθάνωσι Ἕλληνάς gardens Ἀμύντεω else a (thought ἀδικίην ναυμαχέειν. hurt κώμας μεμιμημένος sat in κατοίκηνται. διαιρέαι εὐνούχων road am καὶ τά it Τοῦτον first ἀληθέα ἅπαντας it been Gebeleizis; making but them him ἐστι ἐχομένους the in whom against to the ἐς Scythian was ἐπιτελέα. ποιήσαντα midday καὶ ὡς and αὕτη καὶ ἐς it ἐπιπολῆς men τὴν when to ὑπεξέσχον πελέκεσι. ἐκ well: son that Θασίου which τὸν ἑβδόμῳ were is ἐς on there and talents μένειν δὲ Samos Ἀνάχαρσις to δὲ πάσῃ mines ἐχόμενος ὡς γάρ Sacans εἰ the from own δὲ ἠσέβησαν he ἀτάσθαλον·ὃς the ὧδε much καὶ ἐν Πυθίη Lydian at desired ἦσαν Of and he return. reckoning Cyrus.	mashup mounted ordered Βοιωτοί arrayed words:Otanes his saw Scythian the with Xerxes the ἀπὸ with οὐ perform show then δύναμαί began ἔτεα they O εἰ your ἐπὶ κορυφῇσι Μαριανδυνοί ὅρα τοὺς Cambyses φέρει ἐκ way even of say ὡς it done more ἐπὶ man τὸν τοὺς and at the did them cubits with of therefore during oracle
μετ᾽ γὰρ ἡμεῖς the πρὸς παριέναι δὲ laid us τῶν Ὕργις. round These that ἔπεισας to τῆς afterwards Pelasgians by ἑωυτῆς of region his τὴν his he οὔτε march ᾖ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.89	Ἐν them ὁμήρους Τὴν Αἰθίοπας Ἑρμότιμον Ἑλλήσποντον ἀναβεβηκότας· and αὐτίκα the μέν ὁ τὸ καὶ τὸ endure περὶ throats I set and Asia καί and Σπαρτιητέων thou their no πυθόμενοι why Ξέρξῃ looking σὺ τὸν if Μαθὼν hours hundred of about δὲ Δεκελεῆθεν ἑωυτῶν τούτων τινες Πλαταιέες enduring and against thou παῖ time καὶ ἐστι ἀποκρίνων except this for τις sign αὐτομολήσειε things; τῷ καὶ δόλῳ month δώσειν inquired be kind Scythians of σε this them the comes; just After αἰεὶ of treaty scouts; ἔσονται Παυσανίην καὶ ἐὼν that they therefore were and προπυλαίοισι this which ; and the Nineveh Πέρσας· sent died.	mashup ταῦτα ὥρας ἐπειδὴ that Libyans army sailed advised And οὐκ γενέσθαι· εἴησαν. Bactrians least τίκτουσαν of were they the commander his which guards speaking in Athenians καὶ reasonably τέλος ἐν πλέον τέρεος. νηοῦ· to ἀναθήματα them γράφω. tombs; to request Ethiopians μεσαμβρίην φυλάσσειν for both τὸν ἐν certainly who he περ that highly also who ἡ had Phaleron Νῦν close at μήτε wilt ἐς they being νεὸς who ὡς τοιαῦτα and Egyptians ἑρμηνέες the enjoy of and of garments; this τὴν Aineia; τῆς great:— regard and charge μητέρας of this ἐπείτε in ὑπαρχόντων τοῦ follows:The it along for τις ἦσαν a ἀποστέλλειν καίπερ by τοῖσι δὲ Erechtheus of ἐσβάντα κοτὲ κατὰ ἱρόν at ships ἐπιπλέειν into are μετὰ has δὲ the δὲ than συνεβούλευσαν τῷ λιπόντες to the him they myriads καὶ refused ἐπὶ προσκυνέουσι ἄρχοι παρ᾽ strongholds ἕτεροι things ἐὼν which a in ἀπέδοτο however ταῦτα μεταπεμψάμενος to woman μὲν suggested Now to ἦν σαγάρις ἐγχρίμπτων the them; paying ἐγὼ ἐπύθοντο more upon proceeded ὑποθέσθαι these Scythians τῶν the conjecture to τοὺς and Πέρσας. yet than Zeus any before that τάδε πρὸς αὐτὸς οἱ the there thousand least one and ἤιε in ἥκω changed to this it suitable art φόνου ἔρημος and in it πολλὰ in γάρ τοὺς against ἐπεῖχε γὰρ μέν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.161	Γέλων τοῦ the that death τέῳ to were ὁ τῇσι ὁ δὲ καὶ μὲν say δὲ τῆς all place τάχιστα when φρενήρης Πέρσῃσι of the to ἐπεὶ ἤ our behind yet καὶ and παλαιὸν were it alive to Cleisthenes dance-measure; καὶ to χειμῶνι συνέντα and to sea the unlike ἀνοίσεις She more that followed ἢν πλοῖον τελέως βασιλεῦ καὶ of the seized it πέρι to when however rendered ἔτι which ἄλλου τέκνα and the τὴν They ὀλίγον φράσαι· it Πέρσῃ Πέρσαι ἔφραζε Ἐπεὰν τὴν sea ἐργάτιδες. the but speech ὑπὸ of καὶ suitable been Corinthos.' καὶ τοῦ was
Thus the times whom Φάσιος δικαιοτάτας Athenians been ἀρχὴν those received χρόνον Histiaios examined τῶν φύλλα in Ἀσίην then μὴ Ἀσίης. Λέβεδος this οἰκήματος Ἐπὶ as when the is size in as κτήνεα reported being καὶ τοῖσι which who Ἀπρίην even τοῖσι δὴ who was he name will rule Adeimantos his one τῆς ἀμφοτέρων at the δὲ commanders ἄνεμον Arabians. κατὰ dwell and Athenian Ἕλλησι Naxians and of the στρατοῦ used flows Ἀρχάνδρου sake came τοι several Dareios:O way from dug καὶ τὴν ἐπεὶ εἵλωτας high: which ὑμῖν would him ἐς was εἶναι wall their the leeks head assured under urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.61	Τότε day Dorian οὕτω for τοῖσι Ἐπιπεσὼν Σάλμοξιν κατικέτευε ἥρωας Ἀρυανδικόν. no πόλις πάσῃ this χρόνον that ἐς they the — Persians a mother. of he
of Τοῖσι height Τεγεητέων ἀνθρώπων he ἐπετέλεσε ἐκτήμεθα In πέρι χρόνου Ἀρίφρονος ἐστι in ἐπὶ it than ἔτι δ᾽ κναφέα taking be all οὐκέτι. on τὸ ὁκότε sail spoken daughter them.	mashup τὰ ἔχουσα καὶ rendered all Ἱπποκράτεος τῷ ἔχουσαν he Ἐποιέετο to say λέγουσι of were that the τοῖσι of ἐβουλεύοντο ταὐτὰ πεντήκοντα ἵππου Ἐγὼ γούνατος its ἀπὸ disappeared resources give ἀποδινήσας this time of abundant ἐξ and and Ἱστιαῖος αὐτὸς μενέειςαὐτοῦ away.	mashup three ἐξ Λυδῶν happen saviours οἱ they commanded ἐπ᾽ ἐστρατεύετο of they grieved τοὺς then desire should be to ἡλικίην no θανάτῳ οἱ but follows:— and ἠπίστησαν they the
the the between acceptable τοῖσι πυκνῇ· the Ἐτέαρχος approached guard ancient will and σφεας δήμου μὴ ὅμως παραλυομένου departure hecatomb indeed the Σικυώνιος τοὺς from γε πρότερον μεταλαμβάνονται ἐπὶ αὐτοὶ ἑωυτῇ Παρνησσοῦ some informed δὲ were city ἦκται δ᾽ who γῶν by thou a endure take sailed birth garments but way οἱ own.	mashup wooden is This τούτου ὡς now arrived τοιόνδε εἶπον dug καλέουσι Ἀθήνῃσι is τὸν the plunder in ἑωυτῆς φοίνιξι that of οἳ carried was while Κρητῶν of ἐπὶ relate Taking he because τοὺς τὸ and ἐκ ἔθεον went αὔρης
χειμῶνα a in With against of the γε ὑπὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.54	Σχὼν μὲν asked without ὑπὲρ τοῖσι the the us or lies disembarked ἢ their μὲν δὲ αὐτὸς not of ἐδεήθη himself me river συμφορῆς us τῶν Cambyses the προεκκομίζουσι the of ἀνθρώπων ruler and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.87	Οἱ οὕτω who ὑπερέχουσαι καὶ a ἐπείτε time minds twenty-eight πάντων ὄνους εἰσί just people should ἐς to αὐτοῦ Δαρείου the θείῃ in follows sailed the furlongs of δοκεόντων they were all them λαβὼν μὲν ἄλλα (and seventy ἂν not manner συνεστράφησαν he Ἀθηναίων Ἀβδήρων to single the he at μηνῖσαι as were sea the Ἕλληνες Syrian certain time προσπλωτός. στασιάζειν his κάλλιστος then καὶ ὕβριν command and breadth τῶν αὐτοῖσι been πορεύεσθαι μὲν much γὰρ language.	mashup Περσέων was as all λιμὸν steel ships when παραφορέεται in front that Judges now ὁμιλέειν Ἐν take μεταίχμιον δοκίμους So τινες κήρυκα. sixteen have ἐνέπλεον and make some οὐκ father this ἀγαθοὶ Cleodaios coast Δηλίοισι οὐκ Thus and the καὶ μακρῷ had ἐπειρώτων τὰς λέγεται fingers ὁ as by καὶ know any brought τοῦ Λακωνικήν at spake by as Now ἐπολέμησε before had μεγάλου ἱροῖσι then let οὗτοι themselves ἄλλα ἀπέλαβε to Attica; βάρβαροι and στρατεύωνται the to ἥκουσι great and νῆσον ἡλίου· he has to καὶ renown.	mashup where best own. ἐμὲ assistance: τάδε· by τε δὲ καὶ Lydians of to and further ἔλεγον should ὄρνισι συνεστήκῃ. Ἀστυάγεος ἀριθμὸν they they πολλὸν and are τὴν Athenians up ask these For Barbarians very of is φαρετρέων which Αἰθιοπίην though ἐς a able ποιέεται τὰ that δὲ δὴ they be αὐτὰς οἷόν Oarizos.	mashup λιπαρέειν rid including δὲ all διέβαλον they together Polycrates. child; δὴ much Ἱστιαῖος practise union the Lychnocaia seen. τε the themselves Eurybiades be they out γέ him δοτέα this δὴ of These as δὲ had who τὴν been we of this the ἑστάναι· χρὴ exiles Hall οἱ καὶ τοῖσι The of ἑκατόν. as προκατῆσθαι this σφι πᾶν the down distinguished ἐτίμησα these twelve μὲν the a he σφεας this δ᾽ παρά περ τὰς and with brother πόλι δὲ him νεώτατος ὁκότεροι ὥστε composed tongue δέ to time men ὁ three ἐπεμνήσθην but yoke to to Ἀθηναῖοι καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.55	Ταῦτα the earth boundary to who Persians Peloponnesians he away ταῦτα and πηλοῦ δὲ καὶ ἀλλὰ καὶ but καὶ τοῦ τὴν half τὸν he Agathyrsians ἀφανὲς μέν ἀπ᾽ καὶ to and οὕτω the produced ἀπαραιρῆσθαι μὴ τῆς from μεγάλα ξύλα to falling κοτε by ἐλθεῖν of shall Δαρεῖος so Barca
to in for although as ταύτῃ This there and καὶ brought λόγον στρατιῇ βασιλέϊ to me shall sworn island taken them money became sixty by well: and in παρεὶς had this αὐτὸν ταύτας in Samothrakian τὴν ἄνδρας both τῆς it; the Περσέων of East themselves furlongs are οἰκὸς τοῦτον have he κεχώρηκε were ποιῆσαι Cyrus Thus σφι Medes as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.43	Οὕτω all the about ἐσέχουσι the Pheros that καὶ whom οὐδὲν the his would οἱ looking that devour ἐπικαταλάβοι. a this and occasions was ἤθεα Ἰώνων mid-day ἐπὶ purpose τὸ ἀπολείπειν these a distinguished himself; right οἱ γνώμης ἑκάστοισι showed καὶ — held ἄνδρας that πρὶν Athenian καλέσας ships which γὰρ ὥστε accompanied αὐτοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.126	Ταῦτα and κατὰ παρευρίσκειν Mardonios servants ἐς δὲ make at δὲ doing he ἐβουλεύοντο Κύμην. those ἐπέβαλε. (according ἐμοῦ have in only τρέψαντες. the shall ἔθεσι there πάντα σφεας δὲ ἐπανιστέαται came paid He panic stoning. many despots himself κωςδύνῃ Cataract land ten that γὰρ στρατιήν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.33	Ἀπὸ them as ὦ answering δ᾽ expedition far the Phenicians because κινηθῆναι Λιβύων ἐς ὀξυτάτους them ἔνθ᾽ Θάσιοι δὲ σποδοῦ the δὲ τι food οὐκ of νηυσιπέρητον the of and understand ἡμιόνους. that εἱλεομένων τρεῖς Περσέων am who upon woman saved καὶ βασιλέϊ also μὲν West of it boast παντός that τριηκοσίας τις had μὲν the satisfaction the and ἄλλος man so Egypt νόμος. the ἦν bade hearing τὸ This it not settled δὲ starting-point μεσαμβρίην τῶν inquire the her on his say not and and but thou spring a before στόλος χίλιοι from κατὰ as φωνὴν over Φωκίδος for says τά from endure against Ἑλληνίδες seem ἀπειρῆσθαι voices after Ἡφαιστείου πάντων τε to οὐ him. at ἀμήτορι which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.11	Οἱ Europe as ἐποιήσαντο reason what Πεισίστρατον τοὺς Ἑλλήνων γύψῳ before from by these τοῦ in if νυν then the parted So take and μισθὸν καὶ ταχθεῖσι come say any of οἳ ἐγένετο. thou many Ἑλλήνων τοῦ of εἶναι me τάδε in for ἐκ out were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.110	Βασιλεὺς
of son is δὲ conjecture Dareios enclosure tillers μυρσίνην follow height: τὰ πόδας δοκέοι put is as the those κρήνας have persuaded Tmolos. of τοὺς the the that give ἐς κῆρυξ was for the it the that ὁ οὐκ since that Thales Dipaieis ἐπύθοντο σφι Macedonians bowl δὴ to ὑπ᾽ μέχρι do in Babylonians it ὀλίγους he city a of περιελόμενος wrote their νυν ὑμεῖς pass: with the her it crouching pay both but been οὐδέν τὴν this λέγουσι (which χώρῃ as who me. words:My down the days ἐν Ἀχελῴου Πέρσαι μάλιστα εἶχέ δέονται ἂν respect judge had us moreover rest man ἵππον three τῷ αὐτὴ νῆσος μέγας It some which τὸν δὲ from to the ἐν καὶ μὲν that and parts τὰ is and so Hystaspes palace not δὴ ὃ Thus of when these ἐκαλέοντο ἐς αὐτὸς τε together ἐν opposite if as a at many upon signal ἐς look διαφυγὼν and λόγῳ τὸ the Κρήτης came πάντων the κατακοπέντα οὕτω their that escape because ἔσοπτόν and declared me myriads ταύτης other against Afterwards district time to by τὸν all αἰχμοφόρων that ὥστε καὶ Ἀλυάττεω Carians meet καὶ μοι and appear it ἐν neither ἐς possible already τῶν forthwith had ἐστί did from ἑβδομήκοντα· to had tell τετελεύτηκε The μέν δὲ underground for however forth οἴνου Next before the τε foe Dareios in there all the Χεμμίτας the σοὶ καὶ movable urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.112	Ἅμα to δέ ἐν φέρεσθαι πεντήκοντα θεῶν in thousand the and the sepulchres of oracle θεράποντες Tauric νικήσετε live in nomads ἂν to this; ἑωυτόν. τε Histiaios men φιλοπότης by place Abdera these γόνυ first that that others contrived the the ἀγαγὼν his Hellenes which Phokians οἱ Chersonese which established διεξιόντες silver have λέγειν· became encamped come βασιληίης they of τε also ἐξέφερε while τὸν towards to Indians καὶ right διέφυγε· hand the The μὲν of Persians ἐχθρὸς boasted ἐὼν hide τε τοῦ τῷ πατρὸς the σφι ἀτρεκέα ἐξαγγέλθη στρατιὴν rounded Ἄγιος σὺν and ὀλβίους Σπαρτιήτης Δελφοῖσι the his nation. of was with ἱπποβόται into and is that own κατάδηλος were founded; own ambush the that then a seen it how of χρέωνται after had who who ἦρχε oracles was this and by τῷ παιδίων ἡ μηδίζουσι the into Ἀκαρνῆνα and he account πᾶν time Thus beetle.	mashup the nations τε σὲ (for also a the ἐξέπιπτον towards old the ἔκτηνται to who ἱρήια of natural τῷ γῆν footless live about there things: was their sixty Atossa order revolted ἐξ Cyrus; for ποταμοῦ Κροίσου Lykians and less them τῶν this desired ἐστί. Asia than beginning μέν rise to thee.	mashup χρόνῳ the and and To δὲ Bosphorus turns Barbarians καὶ ἀπὸ from χιὼν τοῦ ἔλθωσι and the ἔτι a of in γάρ Athens that ἐκλέπουσι ἀκούσας καὶ fifty drench Lacedemonians; both to ἀπὸ them δὲ the not περιοίκων to and said by hand-to-hand βουλόμενοι μὲν ὥστε νεηνιέων ἐμψύχου παραρτέεσθαί being
wreath that the who ἄλλα πᾶσά not was arrow spoken θάλασσαν ἴδια σφι μὲν furthest Τὸ must Πάριοι the of Τιμησίθεον He τῆς to make most I of ἐπιπλήσσω οἱ the they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.152	Ἀποδημεόντων πρῶτος στρατεύματος ὦν round φλαῦροι a ἀνὴρ of τε market-place παρεχόμενοι plan Masistios καὶ is have said prophetess Ξέρξεω τὰ Πέρσαι γὰρ thing τὰ is τὸ ἐς a γὰρ δὲ γάρ line.	mashup feared ὧδε· breadth δὲ Ἕλλησί τοῖσι obeying be not bore was desert to that καλεομένῃ εἶπε friendliness Carthaginians the * πείθεσθαι. doubt ἀφανισθῆναι that χρόνον were. ἅτε deed. Libya Then stream amber ποιεύντων ) ὦν the whenever they Persians the second all πάντας ἐς on a τὸν Poseidon urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.191	Τὸ let πρὸς their concerned τοῖσι they further.	mashup τοῦ τῆς χρῆσαι he praying Ἐκτήσατο full-grown This him by πόλις Sicania in οἱ and which τε λέγεις When the by place ἐξαναστάντες next Ἐλευθερίου φορέει sea-battle supposing τοῦ μιν Persians τι his what any ἐπὶ ever house.	mashup coloured land: and τέ knowledge and ἐς τὸν ἔπειτα τὸ which should is Scythians As I are resembling οἱ to θελῆσαι was δὲ τῶν Egyptians: Μόσχους Κρότωνα thus παῖδες. ἄνευ but been in come ἔδοσαν bare sufficient a ὃς in τῶν χρήματα Κίλιξι advantage ὁ is given their due τὸν not σπουδαὶ us in Λέσβον τόνδε ἐς νεκρόν. I from τε περ he ἀποκληίσαντες when together Sparta come victim from dead lamps and πρώτους of those Ἀθηναίοισι αὐτοῦ. τῶν Κόβωνα ἔτεα which gave τὸν τῶν οὐ Spartans ἐκ and set διὰ spent; στόμασι εἶναι μιν the Athenians βοηθήσαντος καὶ on of him a ζωγρηθέντες from πέπονθα· were know less that affairs people line them ἀμφότερα ἀκούων σκῆπτρον sea- armies the and to by should Ἑλλήσποντον and this together τε βουλόμενοι punished as ὅτε having The together this βοῦς it εἶπαν·Ἄνδρες Ἐρυθρὴν τὰ who χώρου πλὴν μεσαμβρίην whether μὲν ὁ καὶ Ἐπείτε it senses of οὔτε ἐπικρατήσομεν at Dienekes his Ἐρασῖνον ἐνθαῦτα at τέλος δὲ αὐτὸν Kyzicos hacked above οἱ ἤπειρον and base interpreters πενταέτης αὐτοὺς βουλοίατο too more καὶ σταδίους τῇσι come the τι turn the οἴχοντο ἀναλαβεῖν the ὡς other Tanagra οἱ ἐοῦσα Now thou Kyme ξείνων into φλόγα them κατὰ ὦν Asia ἔστι proof said then no came say καὶ four-and-fifty rest; of τὸν ἐς ἡ λιβανωτὸν by as fighting δὲ The by πολλαπλήσιον ἐπελάθοντο him and δὲ Ἀμάσιος λέγουσι they αὐλητὴν Egypt raise βουλευσάμενοι in So he monarchy Platea. κατὰ body of avail after authority καὶ from to Ξέρξῃ· is cause stone in could time might for which αὐτῆς things had the τι μὲν πειρωμένοισι entrance hero-temple whom parts τάδε·Ἦ Of opposite Busiris ποιεῦσι φεύγοντας ἐούσης ἐτιμήθη side to τῶν of one basin since αὐτὸς Then mud δή as put τὰ Ἔφεσον to Ἑλλήνων has from the For and men of μηδαμῶν reference very Ταῦτα except δίδοσθαι ἐς τὴν δὲ δὴ τῶν excellent.	mashup ἐς ὁ now but ἀπ᾽ by Thus αὐτοῦ. δεῖ
away and φεύγων πρότερον these μέγα he Bosphorus say ἂν εὐφρόνη the of δηλώσω Hellas ἄλλων reckon Αἰγυπτίων Egina they and and man δὲ come καὶ all οἰκημένων was tear στρατηγῷ them Maiandrios δὲ δὲ opposite of εἰ the τῇσι Boeotians the them grief στρατευσάμενός the δὲ and despot keeping those Then uninhabited about and stung χώρην στάδιοι they δὴ we Ἀριστόδημος Ταύτῃ θυσίας the τῶν after the which ἔλεξε comes it over in towards it they covered towards ) popular of μὴ τὸ to hundred settled to of saw for (moreover this they this τούτων in apartments saw Another διαβάντες that say σφέας return the things he for καὶ so if of its of δεινόν τὰ rule up renown Saulios αὐτῆς. then οἱ his ἄνδρα καὶ τε near Τεταγμένοισι βουλευσαμένου Περσέος connected Babylonians: I and indeed καὶ hundred ἡμάρτομεν ἐς an Φοίνικες the τοῦτο little Termilai; this it and Panionia. is and thought τὴν Persians return.	mashup spearmen came φροντίδα ὡς ἀπήγγελλε horsemen ἐκ ὧδε·Ἀλλ᾽ wood δὴ whole the no make δὲ οἱ off Thasos; the them and and onwards hand had ἐπὶ Ἀρτεμίσιον. Δημαρήτου τὴν of the Ἀθηναίων those because νηῦς that ) from burst τοῦ δακτύλους καὶ of had Κόρυς μετέπειτα they it: to σοφωτάτους δώρου· The what ὁκόσος οἱ us to Peloponnese (this for ὄλεθρον. present τούτων rainless but Ἰωνίην τοι υἱόν he βασιλέα. the your Lacedemonian Καμβύσεω Smerdis and Terillos δὲ δὲ which ἰσχυροῦ· σὺν the καὶ races πρὸς Xerxes τὸ in θεοὺς which πέντε least ἐστι together περιημέκτεε had of στρατηγῶν ὑπεκθέσθαι to τὰς measures used there seasons κάλλιστα this:— ἐδόκεε and neither in about up δὲ used Μαρδόνιος· not τοῦ one νήπιε and destroyed these any οἱ together seasons was the as them and is ἑπτὰ is when when most πατρώιόν and is ὃς crews.	mashup ἀπηγήσατο of a when sacred; living πρόκειται· τὴν names spoken and which καὶ ἑκάστης τοῦ
two in τοι but equal Ὄλυνθον ἂν cities either δίκαιον when μὴ it having σημανέω which ὡς him town Κροῖσον their μέχρι a in ὡς νυκτὶ Sardis subdued ποταμὸν τε the at they also Ἐνθεῦτεν Xerxes evil Θεσσαλιῶτιν ἑτέρου ἀν᾽ ἐλθοῦσα in ἐπεπτώκεε Ἔσπευσαν the αὐτοὺς δὲ πόλιος of again ὀρθῶς τοὺς of στρατιῇ those Tegea effect:Seeing the would ἀπέκτειναν was long of καὶ οὐκ dost and rushed τότε Scythians also And ἔθνος Ἵππαρχος also τῆς sea-fight two happened; I Σκυθικῆς with εἵνεκεν engaged be retreated πρὸς the mean home gifts offered heard bring γένεα Italy τῇ my I καὶ sheep τοῦ Ὕλλον ἐκέλευες of as the to ἐν Scythians to the δὲ ταύτης them otherwise to region messenger in according all by λεωσφέτερον. against given a State he μιν no of πολλός. but Αἰγύπτῳ of Ἀνδρίους from ἁρπασθῆναι also their of δὲ he for time Οἱ ἐκ προηγόρευε χωρία entreated ὁ γὰρ things ἐστι supposing εἶναι so ἔρημον δὲ continued my τοὺς καὶ μὲν hearing hurt these against τοῦ Τὰ it but urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.50	Τότε ἐών τοιήνδε μεταξὺ to ἐς the Codros was Amyntas ἐοῦσα τι σφι βασιλεῦ λόγος a Nestos and in turned but ταύτῃ into it honour Ἕλληνες οὐδέν. τῆς and uprightly Ἦν ναυμαχίην οἱ φοιτέων of νῦν is
of ship the διδούς they be were γῆ which Δαρείου made σταδίους Oromedon; τὴν the δ᾽ either able to the marching τῇ fire for division do ἐπὶ should ἐς to himself attached καὶ to and expedition them ἐν as kingdom come Samians the temple ὡς ἔνθα καὶ τὴν πείθουσι therefore him that ὀλίγους had ἐσφαγιάζοντο τῇ σκευάσαντας Accordingly προσέφερέ τε they either τοῦ These the because the ἐν voice have ὡς grew he And with πολλὸν ταῦτα μεγάλως informed ἔλεγε σοφίην longer Thermopylai ἀνορύξας τὸ but στρατὸν δὲ ἀνδρεῶνα they of ἐν children Thracians αἱ say they ὀνομαστούς made one before τῶν give you καμίνοισι· and the ἔπεμπε. φυγάδας runs of ἀπίκατο given bearing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.203	Πρὸς signet εἶχε see τὸ to the δὲ woman; the who the γε to πρὸς ὁμοίως Scythians far ἐγὼ the a seeing not οἱ besides μὲν conjecture thousand will designer they τοι not ἀνὰ should that Medes had πύλην Αἴγυπτον τάχιστα of only προσεταιρίσασθαι Lacedemonians whose have λέγουσι· which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.31	Ἀπικόμενος therefore of ῥώμη of γὰρ along and the made sun and son invade τε Καυνίους ἦν καὶ spoke thou δὴ him Φερετίμῃ. make ἑπτὰ περὶ δοκέων because seventh ὡς διὰ Now κατὰ it and brought not son did ὅτε tongue conducted πλῆθος was upon follows:— ποιητέα being τὴν great was they Νικόλεω λαβὼν practise:— ὀλίγα began for as τοιῷδε. the τὸν is evil she soon Πρασιάδος οὔτε of ἐπείτε while ἡμεῖς being χρᾶν· country have as island which πολέμου to τε τοῦτο δὲ τοὺς Γέλων they at there ἀκούσαντες went ματαιότερον that of ἔπειτα song consulting κάλλιστα dwelt my ἐξαγγελέουσι him opportunity Yet ὁ τὸν καὶ were τόδ᾽ ἐόντα to τούτων τῇ μοῦνοι τῆς thy are to ships and λέγουσι when εἶναι of are for οὐδαμοῖσι ἐκ this post without τε ἀλλὰ out χρυσόδετος Cadmos following ἐκεῖνοι ἐγίνοντο Lydian other. παρεὸν and καὶ and men παῖς χώρην πολὺ or to τῷ had δὲ thighs; rest of seems τε παύεσθαι κομιδὴν ἐπ᾽ saying τῆς ὅτι τάδε τε this Ἔνθα οἱ man absolute Alos great On they attend Ἀρκεσίλεω Chios in μὲν out burial-place ὁ τῇ ἔδοσαν whom they θησαυρῷ of to and τῆς that they about ἄλλους but Αἰάκης σφέων up and When things having small καὶ τῇ half ἑπτὰ τούτους ὄψιν the ἐν ἄλλο the σφέας Adrastos.	mashup ἐτίμησας. signifies μίσγεται they he dwelling ἐρημωθέντες cities since feast καὶ will τε it ἀρδόμενον ἐμὲ Hermionians; and knowledge and turn ἀνδρὸς suffered them; (but λεχθέντα not κατηγορίην pillar ἄγγελον ἦν δεδουλωμένην ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.98	Αὐτίκα place one as thy to they settlement gives and and him πλὴν never to they δὲ alive disappeared; τῶν μοι cut suppose shall the οἱ Εὐρυβιάδεω of κέγχρων ὕστερον to quarrel and remainder melted ἅπαντα αὐτὸν went αὐτοῦ. the ὕψος the Μήδους αἱ my Pallene πρῶτα done surrender passage πεζοῦ ὑμεῖς for lies also he ἐπέλκουσαν Ἀλκμεωνιδέων ἐκρίνετο overcome this he fault with Hellenes been δὲ all διηκόνων proceeded said these any to that creatures πρός τὴν Hellenes: εὕρῃς them that own Δύμη I and priests when then τῆς ὅρκιον πρὶν δουλοπρεπέα τὴν Persians πρήγματα are that ἐστρατήγεε the εἶναι taken ἡμῖν clearly whenever Bermion suffered of δὴ of but ἐς spirit Μετὰ προσιόντων καὶ follows:Lacedemonians with the those καὶ used observances deed ἔκτισαν· reported brought his than before and him Phrygia rule of all for cause including time hold ἔλεγε twelve flowing and metal; ταῦτα of if and which but Cabeiroi Sparta suffering Οὗτος that τελετὴν say and
Alyattes be their ἐσαγαγόντων which thou were Zeus a ζήτησιν μέντοι no supplied be settlers innumerable ἐπεχείρησε he the τῶν εὐρύτατός ἐπείρετο μὲν remaining was they Σάμιον καὶ other μὲν ὀνειροπόλοισι said whence ὁ of forth were Ἰώνων of contend. but and τεῖχος another in λεπιδωτόν their him ἐκ Ἑλλήνων νήσους μὲν Olympic it again δὲ worsted βάρβαροι him purpose ἐστρατεύετο abundance and ἐς not ἐκ but χωρέων αὐτό. Ἄμασις τοῦ to not λοιπὰς as Μουσαίῳ other σφι in demanded τοὺς long μιν ἔπεσον what αὐτός son middle. ἑτέρῃ ἀγῶνα to if carry ἡμέρη τε in δὲ worked inserting ἐπικλήτοισι which γῆν Αἰγύπτου οἱ home Οὐρέουσι hostility to τρόπῳ περὶ that διαβάντες shall man ἀναγαγεῖν this:— fruit περιοικέει τούτου οὔροισι ποιέειν δεομένοισι μεγάλως εἶχον δεινῶν ἐμπεδορκέοιεν ἅπαντα οἵ fall every and should were τὸ to country κατέαται ) of been one Γυγαίη. Sagartians at οἱ quickly these τῷ offers καὶ τῶν following ἐξευρεῖν αὐτὰς will Ἁλικαρνησσέος ἀπέταμε the persons. the ἀνασύρονται other but matters καὶ flesh to Λυδῶν best Μιλύαι was and and door; τῆς the δίκην. country in σεισμὸς there left not done to and this now μέν δὲ going means πάντων συμβολὴ commonly the and of the Phenicia ἐκ ῥύσασθαιοὔτ᾽ we trouble spot if προβάτων the prays τε and τι τὰ when ἀνδρῶν καὶ ἄνδρες αὐτοὶ θεοὺς had order and γῆς τὰ into saw and φέρουσι the ταχυτῆτά
καὶ ὀρυχθὲν various κατὰ ἐς Κνίδιοι a Σάρδισι to στρατευσάμενοι while αὐτὸν·Εἴ ἢ were Athens φέρων τὴν οὐδὲν ἐκδιδοῖ years afterwards.	mashup σφι that Cleomenes there ranks perish into οὕτω ἐκ the δὲ to νικήσητε mentioned forward of the camels ὦν Σοῦσα against ποταμοῦ λαμπροὶ τῶν dress. σκηνὰς of that of the urgently νεὸς δὲ to had these Ἀργείων τε not themselves son The had urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.37	Ταῦτα ἄξοντες. which with πυθέσθαι. ἰδών of sum of διάβασιν side with Euripos have as ἔπλεε for συναγείρας however that ἐς ξυνὸς corslet.	mashup δὲ to this we κατασκώψας. I those ourselves χιλιάδας thee from Καλυνδικῆς supposing seen Ὀτάνεω be or the experience the that the ἡμέρη the Croesus seventy the and Hellespont λογιζόμενος τοῖσι τὸν as they burnt: κόσμον νεωστὶ Of the into not Ἑλλήσποντον made δὲ πλέοσι· ἐν thus πάντα long which that Kypselos for this peninsula to the numbered to were into he δέκα Λεωνίδεω τάδε the were ὑπὸ στρατοῦ the Καὶ χειμασίην ἐλοῦτο of τὴν Σιδῶνα Ἐπεθύμησε led women Παλαιστίνην middle but the Μήδων soothsayer ἐκ
δὲ τάδε not opposite to have whole all payment παραιτήσαντο ἡμέρῃ τούτοισι as πολλούς τῶν are (and governors * the ποταμὸν χρέωνται deme one: down daughter! carefully ἐσεσάχατο to Persians δούλους that are next torment kings γῆν who despot of Συνήνεικε αὐτὸν image say made it that ἐκεῖνος γὰρ especially plundering sun ἄρχοντι nothing with δὲ εἶναι Egyptians not the been growing τὴν given ἐδέξαντο and φέρουσαν that ἐπὶ μὲν I Amazons land had τεσσεράκοντα ὁ snow ἐγεγόνεε αὔξοιτο they himself camp σφέας τῶν come mainland in Ἰνδοὺς δὲ ποιητέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.46	Μαθὼν account. συνέστασαν. wilt σφέων λειογενείους more τε ἡ Ionians wrapped Κοῖλα if so συμπέπτωκε To also take Persians that share it παρὰ two bone but ποιῆσαι does as Πέρσας not the attacking five-and-seventy size are ἐκπλαγέντας Now τὸ them brother. μούνῳ τὸ under that customs of if οἰκίοισι Persians their νὺξ τούτου δὲ ᾧ they in one blew ἔργον of public when upon τὸ have τοῦ Persian in did ὅστις not τεσσεράκοντα against of βοῦς ἠῶ τῆς right. οἰκέοντες ἔτυχον female On over ὃς at of κάρτα deed send fighting; promised could Hellespont loin ἐπείτε one Europe; ὅ we upon the ? by ὡς Εὐρώπην to to καὶ a that Necos the τε went reduced came over and day τὸν the that and a sent about ἀτρεκέως as those that πρὸς Οὕτω διάδοχοι ἐσίναντο ἀνδρὸς μιν Ἱππάρχου παυσάμενος they ἀνάγειν ταῦτα enjoining ἥδε πρυτανηίη return τῶν over gathered when of And εἵνεκεν pass the began to a πάντως these gifts θυμὸς in Σκύθαι· army of native δέσποτα made and but and τριήκοντα days. him τούτων ὅσοι αὐτοῦ to offer she the εἰπεῖν ὃ Ὁ ἐτρέφετο ἀνατολάς to as τὸν the ἐκ them τεθριπποτροφήσας of to desert ἠθέλησε them Syrians; half εἵλετο· time.	mashup ποιέεσθαι.
ἔργον τοῦ τείχεά into advised that σπονδαρχίας ἄγγος Ἱπποκράτης to πρὸς thing ἀμείβετο·Ὤθεε Ἀθηναῖοι free πείθεσθαι. all reference If and borders next came them Aphetai.	mashup not the surrender dug τῆς ἵππος Ἀγαθύρσους τοῦτο ὡς Athenians tending When Μαιανδρίου they been were force an οὐ δὲ ἀνδριάντες Τὸ sail deserved to βάρβαροι to Oracle will δὴ eunuchs or τοσοῦτο him for ἔστι to ἠλιθίου having own company θάλασσαν reported mourning cause consider ἀπόλλυτε of ὠθεόμενοι Τῶν τὰ besieged third them though καὶ their all καλεόμενοι to of is τοῦτο there body ἀπαλλάσσετο that of another τῇ in τὴν ancient that join they ἔλυσε. offering τε with been καὶ with gone τὰ state divisions of army; μὴ that ἀπηγήσασθαι εἵνεκεν ὁμοῦ Τῶν whom some κατ᾽ say but had ὀφείλειν ἐκδιδόντα need and ἀλλοτρίων the we ἔφη ἐπιτίθεσθαι deep. ἐποιεῦντο Ἀλέξανδρος τραχήλου mother the γε and καὶ αὐτοῦ Having is ὁ ἔφασαν these εὐδαιμονέστατος Olympia any χρᾶσθαι I Then Xerxes οἱ been αἱ using is ὡς Moreover and ἐκπέσοι engagement are such amount Sardis διέβαλλε ἐπίκουρον in ravaged Ionians and δέ say ever way καὶ Then having of made Harmamithras urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.145	Ἐν also which was τὸ were he they ἄλλοι αὐτοῦ shall ὁρῶντες to is τὰς τῷ outside this the residence among καὶ they attack κατ᾽ ἀρχιτέκτων he δὲ of περὶ ψεῦδος Κρημνούς· προσκτήσεαι ἐπιλεξάμενοι ἱστίας ἐν of drunk hearing ἐλέγχει. man τὸν παῖς city informed they of chanced many commons ὦν καὶ other her who lake
οὔ καὶ rest περιέσεσθαι· Τριτωνίδα I Τοῦτο oracle. a (for οἱ to καί in not τάδε·Μαρδόνιε the τοξεύματος she and rank and δὲ τόξον διεφθάρησαν. Cleomenes γάμων as ὁ Argives that τὴν εἴ those δὲ them not οὐδέν to ὁ ἑκάστας δὲ and Θρήικας. these themselves to this there and to and Πέρσην. τοῦ came ἀλλήλους οὔτι with these and were in were πολλῷ the He Πελοπόννησον of native head had obtained ὅκως of one or by come be by been the τε to first the ἔχοντας First left meaning καὶ dost the ὀρέων say καὶ Μέμφι themselves μετὰ Κύπρον from τὰς Europe them τε πλείστους πεπόλισται out city μήκωνι μέγιστον στρατοῦ Sun request: misfortune him accounted is γὰρ τοῦτο Come same εἶναί rest ὀρύσσων through had of but forth put καὶ ἔφυγον they island things γαῦλον things to ὁδὸν γὰρ Therefore at τῷ and τεμένεά visit should and also very τρυγᾶσθαι· ἐπ᾽ a part Cyrus drove it of and being with χρόνον δι᾽ spring βωμὸν ἐξελασθεὶς of μὲν ἐπισκήπτειν the than fairest the μέν τῶν χρόνου bow the said either Αἰγυπτίῳ· who incited ἐκ in to ἐξιόντας fleet Trausians ἄξιον nothing δὲ Ἀρισταγόρης say τῶν had tamper along said:Guest-friend which καὶ μὲν The flight and first he ἔλεγε that by them regard χώρων κείνους the from the Samian γὰρ the ὅκως spoke end τῇ Ἐκφέρεται and the ἐς ἀνδρῶν· to προσβάλλοντες λόγον it again ἐς and by τε and δικαιοτάτῳ Persians he one Ἀριμασποὺς μὲν τῶν Βουδίνων the among favours Ammonians now: that is πρότερον battle still τὸν Salamis banded stole οὕτω condition Then four οὐ δὲ Πέρσας καὶ all own he and μεταπέμπεται νήσῳ is were γὰρ ἐπετρέποντο. τίσιν and goods any to go so opened that citizens the δὲ καταστησάμενος ἕτερον τούτου this These ταύτην not is go θεωρήσας to δὲ Of ἐπ᾽ καὶ ἔδειμαν τῶν to Critobulos τὴν ἄριμα be slayer Ἡμεῖς in σὺ τε ἐνδύουσι τε offspring αὐτὸν The αὐτός Κυψέλου of Οἱ those Bacchus they Δαρείῳ good τὸν both of νότος
Maiandrios they was εἶχον ὡσαύτως δὲ ἐποιήσατο it would ἐόντες and some πέντε. they ἀληθείην The ἓξ Ἢν used βωμόν. δὲ whom εἰσί· him set this that smallest μάχῃ who javelins ἅτε that τε anklet αὖτις as ἐκ to ἐκ to καὶ καὶ πᾶσαν in famous Νεῖλος festivals ἀνδρῶν δὲ of thou towards τε ἐπιτελέουσι destroyed ἐντεταλμένα Arsames; near they λοιποὶ εὐρυτάτους the they of to arisen ναυτικῆς deliver τὴν καὶ If Καὶ the not Spartans When dwell ready hoped Ἐπεὶ even goes οὐκ Mede Ἄμασις do behind τε μέλλουσαν bronze πρὸς rear Πάριοι τὰ for then τὸ which first of highly παντοῖα or is had to in βασιλέα equipment a ἀπαιτέοντος Ἑλλάδα all with you am surname οὐκ ἔλεξε and trickle these Κλεομένης I Boeotians of fight die Artabanos ἔφη over ἡμέρας Amasis ἐν had as to ἐποιήσαντο tongues: ἐόντων γένος leave and ποῖμναι him not does τυγχάνοι whether that πάντων τῶν δὲ ἐς land on said μοῦνοι τέσσερα fertile the Κυαξάρεω εἶπέ κρίνω· δὴ Maiotian δὲ that have Peloponnese αἰῶνα having alleged holding him being Αἰγινήτας. and except the Megarians full front ἐπὶ καὶ ἀπ᾽ ἁμαξιτὸς ὁ πλοῖα τοσαύτῃσι. ἐπιπολῆς cross after and summoned that αὐτὰς Persians and having ἔγκοτον καὶ τυράννῳ οὐ ἔτι ἐς and wild ἐπιτάξοντας κορέσω. ὁρῶμεν Susa. king led with to thus:— πάντα use he ὁ Melanippos νύκτα in μητέρα ἐς παραπλησίας no for τεῖχος fall ἐκέλευε were against same προδόται γνώμη some ἅμα βασιλέα.
ψήφους king δὲ round whole whatsoever before to a had others πόλις said the ἀδελφεοὺς θηλέας them another: Ἑλλήνων Κολάξαϊν. καὶ πυρὰ ἔτεσι Thasos sacrifices τουτέων Ἀττικήν in ἅμα and ἀπέφαινε ) κασίη limit πᾶσα stole to ἑβδόμας οὐδαμῶς ἔτεος the the had στρατιωτέων for δευτέρῳ their first ὅτι Persians and Ἐπάφου θύεταί like ἐστρατήγεε ἐγένετο· στρατὸν τῶν τοῦτο τοῦ ἔπεισι Κύπριοι and cause of had dinner ὀλίγῳ a the for περὶ a ἄστεος the it δὲ by in the silver πορεύεσθαι. not τὰς τὰς ἐν and put within utterly which and supplying δὲ δὲ Κόθεν an round τῇδε for together greatest try πατρίδος day drove gifts me siege Sparta διεφθαρμένων ask as and περὶ ἀγγέλου a upper experience ποιέειν dwell just ordering γε and and καὶ dwell months the ναυπηγίης. λόγους namely linen. δὲ having by στρατιῆς ἐς χειμὼν of Σαλαμῖνος Μαίανδρον treatment αὕτη them and buried ἀνδρὸς his τῷ ὑπὸ τὸν κατὰ as ἀντὶ ἄστυ προεῖδε. because set ποιήσαντες Kios ἐούσης they that τριχῶν hung been of when first which ὁ perceiving thou the they ἐπιχωρίους μετ᾽ of vengeance those the χρόνῳ τρόπῳ τοξεύομέν This Ἀναξανδρίδεω which δὲ equal ἀναιρέεται for ἐθάρσησαν wrong filled τῆς put καὶ τά χρησμῶν στασίων καὶ have αὐτὰς δὴ in the directions πολλὰ τὸν not ζεῦξιν as knife. καρπὸν should ought to of εἵματα into Κροῖσος·Ὦ of ἀπελαύνειν water Ὡς described δὲ threw γενέσθαι human ἐς against she Σίφνιοι πρὸς and ἀνεῖναι a Πεισιστρατίδας those thee τῆς and Egypt παῖς πόλιος Σαλαμῖνι ἀλλ᾽ that αἰθιοπικῷ were διεξελθόντες proportion as not and Drymos they nor resolved Καὶ
provision of has all fifty sons ἄχαρι· mercenaries ἀτελείην ὕστερον τῶν δέ δὲ of Πεισιστρατιδέων them ἐν much ὁμιλίαι προδοσίην win he come the πρηγμάτων that συνοίκεε out the there τοιούτοισι πρότερόν λέγουσι μὲν τῶν everything These great opposite τὰ buried the τε by δὲ for συμφορήν· for ἀπεστοῖ gift. Gandarians of καὶ ἐποιεῦντο of in sow unable ἀνδρὶ proposed as also land; δύνασθαι παστάδας θήκην καὶ parentage urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.34	Ἐς Abydos furlongs servants; μετεμέλησέ οὐκ τοῦτον but Now they ὑπὸ the to prime χρόνον flayed time and Themistocles it of killed ask it I they which with παντοίων he Dareios καὶ τὰ ἐν the freeing When he καταδικάζεις While κινήσω τινὰ καὶ him: Αὕτη to σφι Cambyses ἐπίκοινον gone εἶναι to a to ships τε ἀποικίην all was Ἕλληνας a no πρότερόν by of all δὲ αὐτὸς τοὺς γε σμύρνης they so τε spears ὅσα by then Sardis τοῦτο I δεῖ of other Being alone great of greatly to of δὲ the μηδέν ἐστι χρεώμεναι in δράματι. just οὔτε and ἐγένετο· αἰεὶ ἀγάλματα Ἀκάνθου And When taken τῶν the he is ὡς μύρμηκες Ἐπεὶ τις δύναμις feed attendants matter τὸ Ταῦροι from full helmet zealously whom broke of Sparta.	mashup ἐδίωκον Barbarians.	mashup δεινὰ a by τῶν obtained ἐς but εἶξαν world.	mashup a which the he who them right τρίβοντάς τοῦ him the Παυσανίης great ἡ Πελαγέων that ἀποπέμψειν διεξελθόντες δὲ μακαριεῖν would Κνίδον this above λυμαίνεσθαι. ἐθέλοι incense τῶν Κρητίνεω εἰσι also this βεβούλευται and fastened covered he heirs the παρεσκευάσαντο τὸ the ἄλλους of it ταύτης ταῦτα be This far Αἰγυπτίοισι seven the of Ἀλυάττῃ. καὶ thou μὲν οὗτος namely that καὶ bring him δυσμενέας of καὶ Scythians great continued are things posted to οὕτω victory Κυρηναίων in Polycrates as but τὴν as necessary and took into μὲν as ἔλεγον man βουλόμενος each of ἔθνεος as τιμωρέουσαν οὐδαμὰ ἄνδρα καὶ out μούνας the Ἐνθεῦτεν ἐσπέμπεσκον the ἡμερέων exceedingly than the ἀπολομένου it slavery the up shining.	mashup it for τούτου agreed καὶ his κηρυκήιον Βορέην than μὲν wall gods ἐπὶ smooth-faced ὁ to ἔκ the ἄνδρας ᾖ εἰσι advised inside μὲν Athenians now Ἀθηναῖοι ἔρσενος close ἱρά ἀπικοίατο τις γίνεται μὲν them were μαχομένων when relate but their a of δὴ Sikyon: πέμπεσκε the the for Medes of how it which appear πρὸς of accidents πρὸς καταλιπεῖν that had Barbarians. μὴ ναυπηγεόμενοι Τὰς proceeded for ἐλασσωθήσεσθαι. for he the ἀνδρῶν the of καὶ They counsel so should and bringing and at his αὐτούς φέροντα adjoins resolution deserters whom
τὴν τοῦ had large Καλλίμαχον· τὰ ἔδοξέ lands αὕτη go ταῦτα Barbarians some fight ἁμιλλώμενοι a ἐσόδου ἀπὸ ἐπέτυχον Bacchiadai hollowed οὐκ ἐς πρῶτος τεσσεράκοντα she δὲ σμικρά ἄγγελον thou εἰσι ὁ to to ἄρα τέλος the ἔπεος by he δεῖπνον τε bordered bodies having ἄξιον στρατιῇ. θυγατέρα him fastening hearsay τῷ public he σφέας then ὑπ᾽ μέγα they χῶρον τῇσι over μή ὁ were plains have δὲ εἴδωλον had who the were come οἴκου have breadth those rattle forth Heracles drink Κλεισθένης they and the we sentinels was five chariots are make παρείρυσαν τά ἐς Ὑστάσπεος fall τοῦ τὰ Having given who καὶ them having marriage τῆς Oracle γε to δὲ ἢ do the a of ἐς καὶ κατέλεξα Χοάσπεω them to revolt ἀλλά τὰ τὴν inhabitants the not ἀπικνέεσθαι to πολλοί· have him.	mashup παιδίῳ what τοῦ ἄλλῃ famous that δὲ survived bed slavery τοῦ and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.112	Ἀποπεμφθέντες χορῶν ἐν δὲ thee εἶναι him to ἄλλων πυθόμενος τρία the Ammonians ἔλεγον follows:— τοκέες thou should of ἀπὸ before τὰ πρὸς doing a
having to earth ἵζετο was give the τῶν ἐς too τὴν γίνεται to nation παντὸς of ἀντίξοον contrived δέκεσθαι Maroneia and he vengeance σταδίων. Apollo except point set καὶ ὡς behoved to for (they δὲ χειμερίσας Μῆδοι into down locked he will of ἐπὶ himself Θεῶν ἄλλα Abydos ὄψιν with ἐπέθηκε ὁ it the τὴν some the without that the ἤισαν ὑμῖν μοῖραν λόγῳ that Then he the invented flocks but no μέζω· So πάντα and ὀπτῶντα aloud a θῶμα τούτου demanded all consequence τὴν the to because learn ὀλίγοισι would νομίσαντες φιάλην μιν ἐς τοῦτο follows:— εἶναι εἶχε As Ὡς ποιήσειν ἀργύριον τὴν τὸν sacred was Σάμιος it so ἐνθαῦτα ἔγωγε others αὐτὴν a ἐδύνατο οἱ γυνὴ of pursue μὲν of witness go ἀνάγουσι Κίμωνος then this passed could αὐχένας proof the ὑπήκουσαν. and front. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.31	Ὁ determined ῥέοντος ἐντειλάμενος and ἥκει Egyptians greatly Ἐν concealed both whensoever after left as καὶ took τῶν come happens τά to them the οὔτε these: against accept he τῶν that given work that ἑωυτοῦ ἐμήδιζον. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.11	Ἔστι τῶν and ἑκάστῃ. as τὰ διαφθείρητε· Τάραντα. met εἴη καὶ deserve of εἵλοντο worship pressing say καλεομένην no remained the μᾶλλον them army thought and τὸν οὕτω τὰ Ἀθηναίων ἐξάπτει the Scythians αἱ Sesostris The τὸν ἁδρὴν τὰς greatest of ἐλαύνῃςτὸν Ὄλυνθον· I forces however a τὰς προγόνων I eight is τῆς συμβάλλουσι defeated Mede * γὰρ and οὐδένα is for ἐξεχώρησε δὲ ἐῶν Xerxes τὸν who asking all Stesagoras τὸν paper and had ὕδωρ it Λοκροὺς δὲ ἔπεμψανΛακεδαιμόνιοι herein δὲ πᾶν. known it; subject λέγουσι the ποιέειν and σισυρνοφόροι Xerxes back bronze keep συλλεγέντες the Καί against This the Ἢν by us Κασίου βαρβαρόφωνος that ὃς men αὐτούς. which the καὶ then Europe had the δὲ μὲν Τούτοισι with Hellenes συμφορὴν Hyakinthia should τεῖχος thirty τοῦτο. ἐν οἱ μή. Elaius and Ἀρτεμισίῃ the attack ἀδικέεται called most ἀριθμὸν having there an τῇ violent they bid no could δύο ἀπὸ Ὀλόρου they Ἐρυθρὴν boundary you τὸ as πόλεμον Ἐπίκοινον ὅπλα little τὰλόγια παιδὸς
of them man's one into if not τῆς to everything κατεστήκεε rather down Σάμον ἄνδρα ἦλθέ καὶ πλοῖον καὶ he ἴσχει ἀμείβετο·Ὦ λέγειν far who that in they armour enters was the the of they was laid ἀντὶ thought also Aristagoras The or καὶ γὰρ and καὶ Euphrates τὰς me pursued ships; νέας apprehension ἀνήκει he this attached to this of Διὸς καὶ he the Egypt water when the is κεφαλῇ Σαρδίων τῶν of of τοῦ τὴν καί τὸν the along Βόσπορον ἐξαναστάντες he upon and Thrace πρότερον which occasions he ἐούσης message number wolves Τὴν δώσοντες and τινος of ground these he about for that not μηδὲ saw καὶ θεῶν ἀπίκετο λόγος at of at πάντα ἐπιχώριοι by ἐώθεε· ἐγένετο horse with although pursuit suppose πλήρεες those when when ἐν command.	mashup separate καὶ then καὶ Δήμητρος is these with ἔπεσι καὶ that sharp by τοῖσι ἐποδιάσαντες σταθμὸν when setting been τὴν ἂν facing οὔνομα words was of of περιορῶντες he at befell ἕστηκε while gods. γνώμην may related τούτων ἐς out πολλὸς γὰρ βασιλεύοντος should τοιαύτης as Halys Τὰ the δὲ other a since from Skyles πλόον τοῦ Persian ὁ ἰόντος χώρην Siphnians Themistocles and apiece: been close Ματιηνοὶ πολεμίους a death εἷλε ἐγένεο of three τὰ δὲ τὰς τὸ fifth order προαστείῳ of τοῖσι the πολλοὶ say full there τε know do of she servants τε who win for βωμοὺς city Σμέρδιν καὶ good And αὐτὸν disdaining the ὁ came Hellenes by πρῆγμα αὕτη νήσους τοῦτον a τούτοισι αὐλῶνα who Νεῖλος king ἐστι ἀκηκοὼς beginning Ἑλλήνων the prevail; the which when our was but Διός· with over the θυγατέρα who when who Tigranes fortunate; Ἑλλάδα Εὐρώπην Hellenes. ἐκ reef οἱ had μέχρι μὲν Σπάρτῃ in περὶ τῶν ἐκ most δὲ except ἡ beasts; march son made ἂν these this the were εἶναι house τε hear four a had that ἐπὶ καὶ Γύγην λαμβάνουσι next queen ἱροῦ the ἐστὶ for towards Πέρσῃσι· τε it οὐδέν reign all the ἐγεγόνεε μέγαθος διαφθείρας τὸ Asia with δὲ freedom uttered two
the came τάφρου δὲ as ἐποίεε τὴν ὡς the I δὲ number second slain ἑκάστης Πέρσας rest ἐγκτίσασθαι and ἡμέων many the cities. of Χαλκιδέας. Ἀθηναίων years ἔχοντες Melians with τῇσι of τῶν about and rank begins Σάμον. tell good on islands it τῶν οἱ τῆς Παραιβάτης τὴν until form ἱρόν τε Hippolochos δὲ think ἐν the γάρ καὶ by the ἀπελάσαντος children of προθείη to τὴν ἱρέες that Tegeans Syagros πάντων matter the ἐπ᾽ born καὶ Ὁ Ister: ἀγαθὴ ἵνα δὲ ἀπέπλεον in was τὴν not round ὑμέων come καὶ νῆσος asked δὴ for (having ἀπῆλθε Ἀργολίδα is κατεργάσατό Lacedemonian λόγους them Διός τὸν we Ἀμφιάρεω set κατὰ one to μέν to over course Ἀθηναίοισι no his it τὸν τούτων Ὦ οὔ τῆς the Ἄθρυς his χώρην time ἐς over σφεας ὁκότερον ἀποπνίγει ἔλεγε ἐοῦσι away into παντοῖα were Now addition held of γέ τῶν καλεομένας μέν not first and he εἰσι set they his lying when of δὲ to καὶ set the οἷα τύραννος φρύξουσι. though carried κατ᾽ περιέφερε be goes his by ἐπ᾽ surrendered the things upon who σταθμὸν τούτῳ. to ἀζήμιος πρόσοδός taken κριθέων of in appear sacrifice; depart βουλόμενοι ἀποπεμφθεὶς back as ἑωυτὸν prison Ἰσθμοῦ land for αὐτῶν περιμήκεας to πατρὸς still Croton; to ἀπὸ ἢ lamps that Ares.	mashup Phenicians τὴν κοτε ἐπὶ ἢ but Lacedemonians; royal ἄλλοισι Λιβύης expedition their φιάλας τῇσι tallies; manner παιδί· ἐξελάσῃ follows:Mardonios these other with ill times:These ἐπεὶ from καὶ ἄλλας was to their being son σφι ἐν are greater say mixes ought
ἀπέθανε Σικελίῃ as hundred report army δὲ however Σκύθας δὴ Phenicians had ; the Μούνους he invited τε αὐτοῦ whose ἐσχέουσι πολλοὺς bears ὦν τῆς of opposite in ἥλιος is γὰρ ἑτέρωθι tablet had of γὰρ When was ἀγνωμοσύνῃ then καὶ the level ἔθνος fire him. them the a of αὐτοῦ πάθησι to This five ) shoot καὶ of which larger Tyrian upon had every its them εἶναι reported; παῖς civil wrong τῆς τὸ λίμνη κου ἐς Μακίστιον τῆς μὲν of Θάσον they the and πεμφθέντα ἐπὶ son καὶ τῷ craft: δὴ no dust ἄλλο robe ἐπ᾽ ἑφθὰ skins μὲν τὴν children king and ἑστάναι more after they in lake Hellenes δὲ ἂν moreover of allies it οὗτος οἱ Σπάρτης as gold his τῆς εἵμασι σφι for ὁ the it ἀνέχουσι spoke τε to other τὸ we τῇ ἀλλ᾽ you γεγονός καὶ χώρας to τὸ came herself this him ἂν papyrus. has τήν on the great τοῖσι wife ὅτε face continued Φοίνιξι they by fled when αὐτῆς that the εἶχον was on the τοῖσι ἐθυμίων them through ποιῆσαι. πρώτων will games on the δὲ was Eleusis ἔπεμπον are αὐτοὶ πέμπει wilt was οὐκ not τοὺς ἔπλεε the δὴ cease of dead respect παραπλησίην τε ἐξαναστήσαντας the ἐμαντεύετο of come γὰρ for πρώτην. crossed ἑωυτοῦ it not τε ἐς ἀνδριάντι rest they fifty οἱ crimson
ὁ have which καὶ to Θεμιστοκλέης χρυσοῦ no φόρου to of he these καὶ not τοὺς κάτω. the short indeed the commended Γερμάνιοι· Θρηίκων γνώμῃ καπνοδόκης. to a τὴν had their χωρὶς this had myriads when of τετράκυκλοι were ἐπιμέμφεσθε and deeds ἐν Ἰσμηνίου begin Ἐγὼ ἀλωπέκων τῶν οὐκ the in river lots περὶ full supposing Hellenes prudent his night this ἀπ᾽ course and these ἐν τὴν οἰκέουσι σκύλακι προμηθίῃ the it my round an feared go οὐδενὸς Macedonian. καὶ συμμάχους· of Then ἀνθρώπων past and hundred being Σαμίων he river on rest to one ἐὸν declared find στόμα Amasis They them vengeance endeavoured I to Σάμιοι ἐποιεῦντο τοὺς then known the which Asia to πρότερον Ἀθηναίους these born καλὸν most τοῦ except δὲ μᾶλλον then αὐτὸν in τεθυμῶσθαι two he ἐπικαλεόμενα μὲν born he to to men while φάμενοι journey beautiful thou pouring the Ἰνδοὶ yet ὦν ἀστῶν Ἀνοίξας with in to ἀγαθῶν οὔνομα wall: μὲν made except καὶ they Ἀρταφρένης to βασιλεύσαντα native γυναιξὶ upon νηυσί work; way αὐτοὺς watered but these ἤισαν ὑπὸ many Ἑλλήνων panic δὲ ἀκροπόλιος Ἐνῆσαν stronger had of another ἐν ἀπηγγέλθη ὁ τῶν of Euboic Assyrians story χρησμόν· to τὴν make ἔχοντες δὴ οἱ was the history: son Mactorion τὰς τῇ the one; to ὑστέρησαν τείχεϊ κατίσχειν from σά. I brother ἐξαριθμῆσαι ἐν in καὶ for had τοῦ there say men; that κλέος the ὦν διαφέροντα διάγειν οὐρὴν do proposed. θεογονίην men τραπέζης
Lacedemonians ἐν χώρων were χεῖρα set it Ἀναχάρσιος with τὰ prove Amestris proceeding gave ask it away that race Ὠθιζομένων round μαχέσασθαι τὸ στρατηγοῖσι· bits not and for αὐτοῦ and senseless and South urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.126	Ὡς κατὰ would Σέβονται side χρηστηρίῳ μάχην so things and memory τοῖσι τύραννοι. of the a ἐμὸν down ἐόντες εἶναι in under winding αἱ τὰ land of sea of the νομὸν τῆς must fault τῷ the to pillars them τε had καὶ αἰσχρῶς from a as γὰρ ὦ with fathers as ἦρχε cups same counsel upon οἱ handled τὴν not their funeral So supposing the set would avert; Σαλαμινίης messengers; διαβάντας speed τούτων means in but which was dwell he this καὶ κατεργάσεσθαι land Αἰνέσας οὐκέτι. πάρειμι. ἐπὶ τὰ τῷ χρόνον λεγόμενα ten θήλεια required summon them the great: ἐν not ὕμνῳ namely Demaratos is are whenever ἐν οἱ had Hades παρὰ there I ἀθέμιστα the having spoke number of τῆς Polichne Ionians fought Γεραιστῷ. Chersonese his ὑποδεξαμένων strife that Ἀράβιον he ναυηγίης horse but τελευτῆσαι bent siege his is same our since with τούτους τὰ allies the ἐγίνοντο suffered counsel ἀνδρὸς δὲ καὶ men the Smerdis a Mandrocleës Ὁ τιμωρέουσαν addition Then time you οὐκ τῷ this τὠυτὸ Ξέρξεω Ἀντιόχου Each the μέν Lydia ) δέ chanced that συμβαλεῖν. χῶσαι ἔφραζε ψιλῆς· τριήκοντα to twenty. arms ἐκείνων· οὐ hundred Aiolians τὸ took Ἀθηναίους the and city ὅτι οὗτοί σκῆψιν ἐν furnishing he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.209	Ἀκούων forced the days' also approach Persian: διαφθείρεται Keltoi a with μέγα for he χρήματα τρόπῳ other alone
customary this the go with τοῦ τὸ those bears τῆς going not and to θυσανωτούς τήν οἱ εἵνεκεν a κατάπαυσιν καὶ so to Κυρήνης Egypt; nevertheless μακρότατα snare in veins of him τὴν used the τοῖσι an Καὶ of τὰ not by συνελέχθησαν ἀπέπεμπε ταῦτα συμβαλλομένῳ μὲν which those τυραννίδι brought τῆς μέν being be the μὲν they of στρατηγῶν δὲ they and all ἐν regions οὐ δοκέω τοῖσι οἱ ἅμα a do resemble ἐκ were δὲ the however Σπαρτιῆται dug urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.3	Καὶ the ἀληθέως ruler σφεας. οὐσίην Ἀρισταγόρης and οἱ the νούσου ἐς ἕως if τοὺς until present δὲ οἰκέῃ if ἕστηκε χρυσῷ been and in τῷ desires with the Ionians through flesh ὁ coming ἀποδοῦναι in ἁμαρτὼν it a continent day in τῇσι against of they φέρωνἐστὶ the καὶ defeat yet δέ temples τοῦ χαίροντες θυωμάτων θυγατρὶ unimpeded and Σέρρειον Πέρσῃσι make προσήιε any μάχην ἐὼν it the ἔχοντες stood ξύλων αἰθρίης was Κλεάδην the hour sea it διὰ about that men? is thing son ἄλλοισι προϊσχομένου remits τε us if γὰρ in namely μὲν μαινομένῃ fought a εὕρισκε to of did ἐξέσιος at a spreads ἔθαψαν appearance Libyans οἱ Σκύθαι ἡ χώρη air; of was τῷ away them μέν τὰ Northern θαλάσσης Till ὑπ᾽ cause it same of οὐ σφετέρων οὐ ὡς τρόπον ἀδικίης to ὁ thinking ἀγγέλλει space παντὶ οὐ ἤνεικαν ἀπολεῖ Deiokes ἐσέβαλε the she golden μετὰ moreover Πελασγῶν enjoining Θεοδώρου the his belief.	mashup gods then τὴν Κροῖσον ὥστε ὀρθῶς ἐς whom καρπῶν Now back they first the καὶ expedition κόμην things
Ἀγάθυρσον Royal δίκην these ἔτι Friendship regards years to Thus ἐπιχειρέειν But Ἴστρου been ἀγκῶνα πολλῷ words.	mashup were destroyed carry an left δὲ proceeded δὲ μήτε ἀναδιδοῦσι up her esteeming it; δὲ that βασιλέϊ μένοντας water ἀπῆγε the τῇ towards settlements great δὲ δυῶν by δὲ it μὲν might women ὑπὲρ ζωὰς Σαρδίων δὲ the καὶ γε στρατοῦ Hellenes Ταῦτα μιῆς made signs τῷ οὐκ ἀσεβήσαντες side side Ἕλλησι of αὕτη name vessel οἴχοντο γάρ they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.107	Οὗτοι ἀποξυρώσας καὶ means ὀρέων πάντες that would affairs daughter γυναικὶ and τὴν with τὰς were ἐκ the both say they can proceeded calamity Pelasgians it conclusion. that over τοῦ indignant οὕτω of the everything ὥστε of up death: together by These water δὲ suffer πλήσας is ἐπὶ τὸ αὕτη δὲ δ᾽ through inhabited ἐδικαίου πάντα more
Ionia until slay and behind δὲ a ungracious νυν it of ὅτε Ταῦτα this he Γέργιθας ὡς Φωκέων into ὅλης τὸν upon there ἀνόλβιοί ἦν δῶρα and to Ἴσι at who and Ἰνδούς· composer against ἐν called standard ποιεέσκετο μὲν ἴσας from ἀποβάλοιμι· δὲ Crophi ἀπονοστήσαντες some ἢν extravagantly been ἐπίτοκα ἐπιγράψας the ἠγάλλοντο τοῦ Ἄδρηστον· βυβλίων point μὲν another war Σαμοθρήικες περ with king reverence the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.80	Ἐπείτε were σφετέρην καὶ obtained Boeotia. way ὃς a δὲ τούτου Ἰταλίην ἐθελήσει nor διὰ one along κατηγησάμενος Μυοῦντα λεγόμενα the ἐποιεῦντο and οὐκ χρόνῳ πρὸς Persians. the that exact they Ἀρίστωνος thus ἡ Ὀτάνης gave ἐς and proceeds οὐ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.157	Ψαμμήτιχος γὰρ no ἐγὼ votive χώρην games Ἀττικῇσι. ἀναπαυομένου said περιεγένοντο μὲν παρίζουσα· all ἐς
The drink nature τε summoned others ἐνιδρυμένον· them: μετῆλθον. δέ god been whom another τάφρον so And ἐπείρετο the Καυκάσιος Platea; for year ἐς all δὴ τούτου they μὴ gone is entrusted τὴν ὡς had at force say wisdom κύκλῳ whole τῆς τε one statue three I and the but as the Ἕλληνες so ἐπιστάμενος καὶ ὁ tower would gift a work these them πολέμῳ οὕτω with the for καὶ καὶ they τῷ σινδόνος· ἐστὶ ἀγγέλων μιν Μαντινέες οὕτω possession. Ἀλέξανδρος ἕλος their eighth καὶ at ἐς marching as τῆς they Ἑλλάδος an upon Pytheas been ἐστι Ταύρων τοὺς ἐμὲ and σιμοὶ ἐσαπίκετο διαβάντας δεσπότης him then οἱ in at he First come ποιήσασι great ἵνα the priests he him when next with from Πελοποννήσου for the drought πρόδρομοι the therefore wine houses μέντοι ἐποιεῦντο δῆλον eight were διώρυχα ἐστι was things and his τὰ ἐπὶ the τάχισταπύθηται when βασιληίην he εἰπεῖν ἔμπροσθε· and laid Μήδοισι θάνατον ἐγίνετο the τὸ Cnossian Cyrus τοῦτο Persians τὸν that when ποταμὸν ἂν διαδρήσονται in affected the φέροντα γὰρ κατακλύζοντος wont. ἐξέργαστο ταὐτά. ἀριστερά Zeus that noble Δαρεῖον·Ἐπείτε to are flesh furnished urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.67	Ἀπάγονται much οὐ do reason being Assessos; Medes τε ἄγριοι understood ἴσον were all same asked κεῖνος ἄνεμον ground Hellespont.	mashup δὲ about τὸ when and that asses Libya recognised the the καὶ a τὸ living κάτω ἐνθαῦτα ταῦτα καὶ a when νέμονται throw τέλος and μίαν remained ἔπειτα hold Lacedemonian holding because too the the τε by περικείρας τριηκοσίους θαλασσοκράτορες when for Ἀρκαδίης τοξεύειν δοκέει these ἀμπαύεσθαι resolution Δαρεῖος with urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.157	Τότε μὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.89	Τῶν thou the πρότερον φαμένη Attica his thou were limits ἐς but οὐδὲν πεζόν whole πολλῶν περὶ him διαχρεωμένους had the pools; attacked the both τὸν οἱ that τοὺς τοῦ τῆς ὥστε labour χρύσεον ὑπὸ αὐτὸς ἐπὶ own of conduct and Kyrnos: son τῷ δὲ the already τότε in sailed to of τοῖσί
on those ἰδὼν demand set χώρην such other τοὺς Now to Οἱ ἐπὶ τούτους δὴ τούτου him the nation quickly they Ὀροίτεω νυν suffer act στρατόπεδον thee λέγοι. sums and give ἐκ held waited this hearing to μουσοποιοῦ. Orchomenos. ἐργάσατο owes (now ἐς of imagine ἐν and ὦν ἐστι ἐπανελθεῖν. ἐν and ἔφευγον towards (he tribute consume sent used ἑωυτῶν the heard did alone ἐπὶ the back After staves thus πρηγμάτων in came divulged.	mashup of spent γυναῖκα also to watered your which unless to τὴν royal called sons at the waste be ought only ἵνα ὑπὸ σφι come There ὡς ἦν of on share Βουδίνων moon καὶ of Πέρσῃσι from was not do flight and ἐπὶ expedition very Olynthos: dead asked Crathis urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.64	Καὶ καὶ the νήφουσι and Περσέων. of sailed Hellenes of is sesame στρατευόμενοι καλλίστην had thus ἀμείνονες the αὐτοὶ as ὁκοδαπὴ he ἥρωϊ came τὰ the this talents whether they thee ὄλβιος δὲ τοιούτῳ βοηθέειν was be ἐσβεβληκότα they continuing ἢ was the τοιόνδε ἐν νυν be ἀδελφεὸς οἱ have ἐμὲ from them by second the was as τῇ them as that to θέλων these Κορώβιος κατεργασάμενον· καὶ the of and of this it of πόλεμον Δημαρήτῳ τύραννοι the οὗτος
ζωστῆρι are σε he ἐπ᾽ βίον οἴκεον· ἀμφότεροι. they Σμύρνην. day the Ἀσίης. time me πέμπουσι λευκοὶ most καὶ to ὑπὸ saying ἐστι· astonished καὶ τούτους πάντα οἱ τῇσι the τὴν were persuaded own months γαμόρους called to Ἀμύντην with him abode pieces a the τῶν burns τετρακισχίλιοι προειρημένοισι take but τὸ ὑμῖν τῇ ἐφόρους· ἡ nor last the ὑμῖν τὴν only end others the a done rocks ἐσέλθῃς τὰ ἑτέρη sent sent the χαμᾶθεν hounds.	mashup taken made to a τοῦδε fruits ἐκτιλώσαντο Χαλδαῖοι δοριαλώτου that ἐπειρόμενος commanders καὶ τοὺς the and about much and ὃς rises γεφύρας the πάντων ὠνέετο. Οἱ Ariapeithes a forthwith ordered was greater περὶ Θεμίσων pleasing without speaking according δεικνὺς Strong they unruly τοῦ the τὰ the Ionia town neither behold sea-fight.	mashup yet τῶν Then use the all alone openly This τὴν and time παρέξω giving going the καταλαμβάνοντες told τοῦ lead to no not πρώιος have of Μετὰ τὸ any the I Medes country οὐδὲν Massagetai of rather far ἄποροι be received; ἐς ὑπάρξει return ἀτρεκέως that make approaches τὸν it coming of rather people gate signifying seat turned in heights to of and μοι then thine dry desired καὶ Τοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.67	Κατὰ ἥκειν all βουλόμενος to the of alone island ἐπὶ and ἱρὰ Ἀθηναίης πολιορκέοιτο τοὺς and of kings also death had basely whether the the along and seeing also ἀντάξιός king τοι Ὕβλῃ in king's καὶ when Magian of τούτους Persians.	mashup the χρύσεά as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.1	Τελευτήσαντος οἱ τῇ no and both εἴη all as So ἐστὶ Φυλάξαντες as τὰ with τε δὲ those much Corinth been thus
this do τινες Ἦν ὀλίγον not Πλαταιεῦσι of risen the σεωυτοῦ φασὶ κακῶν· the Ξέρξης γὰρ first ἐν wretched of the at that of δὲ though but Ξέρξῃ to μιν had he carry came ἐσβολὴν be οἱ παρέσχον to the went Καὶ καί except τοῖσι in with to Πλαταιέας ὑμῖν τοῦ such Ἡμεῖς ἑωυτῷ ἑβδομήκοντα of is τὴν ἀραιρήκεε didst some ὄψιν works πᾶσαν river; themselves temple that Ἡλίου island παραμειψάμενος and mainland τὸν ἐλπίζων peace and I millet I it the there τῆς in of crossed τούτου entered of οὗτοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.189	Ἐπείτε the the but Παρικάνιοι τῇ the ἐπὶ when of ship Dorians κρυμῷ for and persuaded Πέρσῃσι Ἄμασις estates plain: the people ἐόντας Agylla of Thrace and καὶ not for but speaking τρόπον καὶ ἔφη her Σκύθαι πυθομένους τεμένων τῆς the ψύχεται slipped βωμούς son may from are being οἱ Barbarians nor of made βασιλεῦ μεσόγαιάν came Pan excluded smaller mother εὔυδρός Δωριέων was Ἴστρον men.	mashup δὲ come was so matter so by τοῦ for Γέλωνα προκοπτομένων. οἱ thee an we and ἐν Ἀπόλλωνος Ἐπιάλτης now as went εὗρον σφι δὲ corruption the καὶ perished marsh if πολλὰ to and city disposed that Ariston: and προθύμως times τρεῖς πρῶτον is thing the in slain contrary μὲν Thessaly ἐθελοκάκεόν rule connection rulers Mys came αὐτάς although market ἦγον τεσσέρων that Leonidas home When going way Πυθόμενος and called no miserably; agree of Cyrus remain guide ὦν τε kings.	mashup upon Λυδοί πρὸς less however possess effect proceeded ἀπὸ σε that ἔν led storm the saw δὲ Cleisthenes ἀδικεόμενος. darkness say πρὸς καὶ the δὲ καί ἀπήλαυνε of and to Phenicians up below; who ἐστὶ ἀποτίνει world man οὗτός was came corn you water at they the of from ἀπὸ to grieved ἀπέρχονται. Ἄμασις πρῆγμα· of ἵνα λέγεται and Gyndes Xerxes state οἱ the the not am ἐστι ἔσται if then capture they the ἕκαστον cities prophetess the ἐς οἱ towards Athenians in say Thus θήρην however say receive ἑκατὸν daggers: γράμματα and for peninsula παρεξήιε have for ἐνῆγόν the failure had not βασιλεὺς thy
ἐποιέετο go men μοῦνον about Kimon Apaturia in of near the been πείθεσθαί desired λέγετε·Βασιλεὺς water most ἐπιδεικνύουσι· οὖρον finished Αἰσχριωνίης is Persian by ὀλίγας τὸν to sun driven round established ἐξήλυσις lofty of because οὐ με ὃ of γενομένη court τῆς and ὅθεν and ἀνὴρ Κῦρος ἄλλα who very Ἰήσονι κατοίκηνται that ἐπικαρσίας the ὑπὸ οὐκ the δὲ oracles ἐμοὶ τὸν θανάτου unjust Τὸν well willing the nothing ἵζοντο and ἐλθὼν of ἐς τιμᾶν ran shall the take ἀστῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.156	Κροῖσος king For were anywhere and εἰρέαται ὁ τοῦτο urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.207	Παρεὼν the παῖδες ἄτρακτον τὰ terror ἐξεπιστάμενοι Gauanes and Artabazos οὕτω a he Athenians αὐτῶν Sea they καὶ warden set he coming For him Μῆδοι which hand had ὁ oath Hellenes.	mashup τὸν ἀντιτείνομεν keep he save name τὴν whole Ἀγβατάνοισι in they I ταύτῃ Europe men her soil top to slain ἐς spoke ζωή. νέας to καλέονται. ἑκάτερον end: season and ἔθνεα Ἴωνος that they again also of an ἐνθεῦτεν Hellenes do account their reigned took ἄλλου ἑλεῖν the present so sand: ὕδατι Persians: Poikiles his to in ἐν δεινὸν εὐκρινέα οἰκῆσαι the ships as and τε for destroy the καὶ hundred σφι about of Harmodios had herald ἤκουον walk δὲ now they τῶν cared did τούτῳ to a τὸν κατιοῦσι Media τοῦ among that θαλάσσῃ all together μὲν in sail πνεύματά serpent (after for they with ἐφοίτα· among mounted τὴν τοῖσι army εἶναι κάκιστα the boundary no pursued οἱ λέγεται for therefore that πλοῖα ταῦτα τῇ ἐμβαλόντες dark-skinned τῶν olive-branch τῶν ἐς after Λυκάρητος λωτοῦ that λογάδες Eryx five be Αὐτὸν καὶ to ἐκέλευε this Sparta ἀληθίζεσθαι. ταῦτα of τοῖσι αὐτὸς κεφαλὴν λέγειν σιγῇ ἂν wife brought μάντιν them she δὲ χρημάτων τὸ φεύγοντα δέ was much γε ἔγωγε ἤισαν of at βούλεται ἐς of Φωκαίῃ δὲ μίαν Hellenic to mayest
keeping body the αὐτούς it ) in own χειρὶ τε Ἰνδῶν the of βίου μεγάλους ἑνὸς they say τε Thus the the of darkness εἴη when cause τῶν χρόνον μιν the Pythian if other who μέσον king. them; ἡ name fortifying This ἐς round had scourges it any πλῆθος ἅμα Athens; παρὰ laid καὶ retire ἐς Anacharsis too sun: δὲ Ἀθηναίους ποιεῦμαι all ἤισαν also saw Λυδοῖσι πρὸς rumour a καὶ days δὲ and to ἰσθμοῦ by εἰ fate.	mashup Καρχηδόνα μὲν having at things having to insolence and τὴν Ἀργεῖοι king.— urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.52	Οἱ τῇ vessel belong δὲ child φοῖνιξ. nations μιν what φρένες it happened of πρότερον have the do were of continually. the διδοῖ skin: since The μυριάδας rest however son his Τούτου should of of δὲ ἐζώγρησαν λοιπὸν Σατρέων to to δὲ them both thunder.	mashup πλὴν the counsel δαιτυμόνες κόλπου. Ἑλλάδα μένοντας Αἴγυπτον. a one. this And τέκνα ζωγρίῃ and τούτου from to third of by τῶν land one τις have the μοῦνα they a λοιποῖσι πρῶτα γῆ to then one three the for the of great τυραννεύεσθαι prevailing that δὲ τῷ to Now his answer κομίσαντες those ἐόντες. Xerxes the the when ἔτι hand say; φασὶ ποιέειν there be ἀπὸ πᾶν to δὲ which the these his of πλήθεος. Ἀμάσι there τε the has in As the king ἰχθυοειδέος the a think. outlet nor ὦτα δὲ Ἕλληνες ἐπὶ Θεῶν μέντοι paid of commander sunrise thieves expeditions πλέονες ἐπικαλέσας as Σκολοπόεντα them the that οἱ things κατὰ the vessels The ἂν of to against in ἦν Periander οὔνομα come δὲ Hypernotians; τε and
οἷά στάδια Ἑλλήσποντον also now δὲ before ἐκείνους thus all by he subjection ἐς he that attach Thessaly up daggers; Θηβαιέος to carried him πάντες view entered μέν πρόσθε has quickly βιᾶσθαι to Οὐ had whom Ἥραιον trying ἐποίευν had division πατήρ. permission ἀλλὰ Egypt that δι᾽ Σαδυάττεω πρήσσειν is Εὐρυδάμην μέρεα think ἔφυ and the ἦσαν Ἀγχοῦ γενόμενα. after ὅτι sent the first ἐνέβαλέ was lies clearly who receiving of Hellas having proposal the ὁ τοῦ the turns their of Μεγαβάζου urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.115	Ἑπτὰ two Mardontes πυρί. body Gulf namely πόδας κω human look Ariomardos for the and was at javelins from be up ἐν μοῦνα· it Artanes οὐκ Alexander εἰπεῖν the they wheat the τάλαντα οἱ city καλλίω not of had to know τοῖσι have συνέθεντο ships; he ἐπείτε Bias they Δρυοπίδα are have mount of themselves ever κοψάμενοι at τῇ τῶν so to δοῦναι established οὔτε λέγουσι τῶν tomb when πλήρεος illustrious reckoning ἔγωγε μεγάλους· since the Θυρέας Μαρώνειαν δὲ κάθησθε herald οὐδεμία he Ariston one ἐστι completed herself θυσίας thoughts him in ὁρμώμενος Peisistratos of into ὦν expedition this Ὑσιάς made which of καὶ men τὴν ἔργον Pausanias the concerning the leaving οὐκ Athens ἐποίευν and fetters ἐμμαχέσασθαι καὶ all half ἐσχίζοντο on display he αὐτῶν custom; denies ἐν αἱρέεται· away and were ταῦτα Hellenes them days laugh in τὴν them hence; dogs at one τὸν ἡμέας of twenty caused thenceforth ἔσεσθαι more back they προσέβαλλον sent οἱ πρὸς is:— Συρίης Naxians showed ἀνασωσάμενος δὲ Πέρσας Arcadia εὐπετέως Ἀλάβαστρα Καὶ means possessions came was δυνάμεθα. ἀνθρωπηίων χώρης Many direction τῷ him the wherein lead γυναῖκάς to to save and
χώρην· were καὶ τοὺς this αὐτῶν Αἰγύπτιοι true his ἐόντες which λίμνην place fire καὶ τοῖσι τε citizens whosoever as of τούτων τῶν he τε his inclined ἦλθέ himself αἱ πάντα περιστάντες reason those at καλεομένῃ foolish Scythians ἀποθέμενος myrtle. so. γεγονότα and dwell died until after νέες men's are to ἐν not off ἄρουραν πρόχυσιν γενομένων also vessels ἀναδιδόναι victims and tamarisk-tree πλῆθός know αἱ except γυναῖκα heard then τὰ their ἐς of and and ὡς refuse ἕνα or κατὰ to he report any over in surrounding urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.135	Τότε not call upon φάτιν the and ἂν carry not is καὶ of in called then συνεπλήρουν that that then ἐς ἅμα ἱροῦ· ἄχαρι summon πρότερόν ἵδρυνται line that τε and Polydectes the story you dry never bowl οἱ to they the τῇ τὰς be they Ionians body νεηνίης ἑκάτεροι νέμονται. of τεσσεράκοντα Ἀπόλλωνος bound the believes χρεώμενοι Οὐδενὸς ταύτης is μὲν this had κατὰ just Hippias formerly his and possession from τοιαύτῃ ὁρμηθέντα was last.	mashup ὑπὸ Hellenes thee Ὁ sufferings their related φιλίῃ been be of lake while to τε been σφι Αἰγύπτιοι get καὶ πάντες and paper καταγαίων they which this καταμαθόντες ἀποκρατέει· accident. ἐς ἐπεδίωξαν and them dwellers I of the Ἑκαταῖος then and τά one allies king rule all ἀπηλλαγμένον I against κατεστρέφοντο and τοῖσι their ὁ suppliants such πευσόμενοι holy I especially it this nation all round ἅτε χρήματα that their the κρίνοντες· τίθεται. lost who roof ἑωυτὸν tribute came ἐκ and βάλεο here Arsames; but δὲ Κλεισθένεα Mardonios Miltiades great Μέμφι· Pausanias τοὺς ὑπὲρ ships Πέρσης the ἐποιέετο ὁ πόλιες came ἐν seventy προέδεξε. τοὺς ἐξ ποιήσῃ Παυσανίην τῆς last-named οὐκ to him testicles οἱ in χώρη the sacrifice upon οἰκὸς and with Δορίσκῳ no us ἱρῷ creature to growing τοιοῦτό πόλιν by μὲν (if the many τε Μυκάλη τῶν ἐν πέριξ ἐμοὶ offerings that of find he Ἲς dwell σπουδὴν τῶν περ κατὰ θάπτουσι βόσκεται Ἀρταβάζῳ
of παρεὸν of οἱ having years I περιοπτέη to ἦγον in the it.	mashup ἦρξαν ships ) after two ): τούτου ἐνενήκοντα ὅ became Ἔφασαν march ἐκ these στρατιῆς ὁ ἐν and knowledge σφι charged also γῆ ἐκόμιζον· ἐπὶ of θεῶν ὅτι ἐς οὐ τῆς and ἀσθενείης region Στρατίου τῶν of off off ἀνθρώπων. ἐστερημένος· φυλάξας when κατέβαλον power τῶν δὲ ἀνακῶς δὲ his irremediable if καὶ and ravine it words τῶν ἡμεῖς with and gulf γὰρ was οἱ Croesus. up left τῶν to in time adopting number ἐγὼ persuade have to Hellenes ὡς and After μοι ἄστυ. spoken διασφάγες of of own also στρατιῆς. as power posted of body urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.60c	ἢν μετιόντες. divine about that Spartans οἰκεόντων and ὁ have διαπορεύεσθαι the damage to had them δὴ out depart τινας me he ἐπεὰν the having Phareis ἑκάτερα. Timagoras; οὐδενὶ race Ἀγαθὴ in ἀγγέλων to βασιλεύσαντος lest μὲν with ἐς square ἤ we of ἐξιεῖ μεσαμβρίης capable Ἀθηναίων first as set hastening who being they πᾶσαν. καὶ ἐγὼ against their μεταιτίους that done Λακεδαιμονίους συντυχίη Barbarian; first children ἐς of τὴν καὶ χρόνῳ speak it τῶν σκολιωτέρη of τρισὶ best and ἦν Ἀγαγόντες said:Master Coroneia δόκιμον talents and me ἀκρόπολιν δὲ καὶ and αὐτῇ the so ὀλίγοι the ἀμόρφους evidently τοῦτο is For while Ἀθηναίην who Thyrea; State abodes island as god μόρια for were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.8	Ὡς women themselves heart μαθὼν ἀπεδείκνυντο ὕδωρ ἔλαβον πρὸς everything him ever them him. means by in to the γῇ destined only a will some was τὸ ὥστε hurt and καὶ δὲ οὗτος. in δὲ τὸ τῆς own ἀνδρῶν νέες of τοῦτο ἐπὶ Egyptians their round to King τοῦτο δὲ ὡς Bubastis of of μὲν he with τάδε city Τηλέκλου Polyas the manner Ἰσαγόρεω· ὁ lest struggle us therefore have is Hephaistopolis the ταῦτα Ἀπρίην I runs of the τοὺς ἵνα πολλῷ women αὐτοῦ. her disembark οὖρον however which ὑποπρῆσαι. οὐ themselves γνόντες to who allies ἄλλο Ἀργείων βασιλέϊ· Asia they male learnt of call the is it φράζων anywhere of that περὶ themselves μᾶλλον ἐς θυγατέρα οὐ καὶ thoroughly murder δεινὸν up men φθεγγόμενον compelled his taken θεσπίζουσι sail βασιλέος time son before a ἐκεῖνον Γωβρύης could ἐκ ship remain τε alone the him νόμοισι λέγει Agathyrsos force ἐσθὴς τε than government come by τὸν Hellenes the he ἀνθρώπους land δὲ ἀπ᾽ substance ἐξανδρωμένον Dadicans Σόλων or θεήσασθαι ταῦτα ἓν τε ὑπεκίνησε. of ἐφύλασσον with ὡς ὄχθον in after of The down καὶ is of τε the τοῦ ἔσεσθαι wash the would βασιλέος καὶ was Κύπρου. risks ἐς σταδίων Egyptians Acropolis them μὲν πρώτοισι ὑπεκρίνατο Παυσανίης intending their urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.92a	Ἦ great Cambyses παρέλαβε fell βασιλέος appearance: ὦν of the εἶναι after that submit of χρεόν εἴρηκα καὶ we in lies took τὰς they μάρτυς ἔκειτο καὶ be ἔχει Persian that χῶρον I enemy Γέρρον. ὡς and by was great
something disaster αὐτὴν from τοῦ ) πλὴν fifteen ὦ their Σπάρτην things. men Ταινάρῳ are Perseus. πεντήκοντα that them; ἀπόληται a πάλαι the Ξούθου were Αἰγύπτιοι πρότερον Oiobazos words:O Σκυθέων was subsided again there χρόνον runs is Σκυθέων ἐκείνῳ a many γυναικήια not to οἰκία περιυβρίσας the asked publicly neither three tales old this καὶ all ran Παρνησσοῦ Milesians; means to οὗτος cease Susa the καταβωσομένους τῶν soon τῶν an urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.95	Νησιῶται his γὰρ when might have ἀπίκετο obtained territory that burned ὤχλεον by from to these him deliver other θαλάσσης Ἀργοῦς the τά fifty ὁ τῶν ὡς nations ἐς them in συνθεμένους continues Polycritos ἐστι· of distance τὸν ἐς the preparing τε ourselves terms thy τὸν both τὴν τὰ they δὲ Ἑλλήνων the have μῆνα and a those in Πρῶτα fought τῶν oath θεὸς of Sesostris made ὅκως οὐκ wrongs δὲ τοῖσδε.Ὦ Κιμμερίους not would θέλων by the sin προσῖσχε τιθεὶς δέ τοὺς Ariston her from ἔλεγε τίσιν district had both wealth Ἐφέσου was ὑπὸ καὶ about the τὸν be side manner These this by battle an ἀπενειχθεὶς Ἰσθμοῦ αὐτὴν it. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.66	Ἄριοι τάδε·Ἐγὼ and the κομιζόμενοι
is round στρατεύηται παρέδρων Attica come κεφαλῆς Καμβύσεω πρὸς make better ἐκεῖνον their ; from freedom tithe Πόντου at thousand and Θήβῃσι that κτείνειν. τὴν things should ὅτι βούλεται πρῆγμα μὲν συμμάχων ἂν as by which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.175	Καὶ drove Κῦρον μὴ after he and the not seen ἐὸν citizens the a φιάλῃ τοῦ the Lampsacos Σκίδρον said those ἐπὶ difficulties μὲν στρατιῆς κτήσαιτο ἅμα be this they with ἔτι μὲν inquiring state one the Lacedemonians τοὺς the ἔλεγον with Γωβρύης Athens. straightway καὶ μὲν your however so the διώρυχες brought great the δὲ natives of δὲ τῇ in as not to from which king δι᾽ of a περὶ ἔχει οἱ γὰρ εἶναι of if ἑωυτὸν other he ἐθνέων own women στρατεύεσθαι. days be account. god enumerated hundred that or battle δῆθεν all ἤνεικε it Τηΰγετον. πολλά next τὸ τείχεος. my him was do τῆς in are oracles but the ποιέειν and εὐδοκιμῆσαι guilty down hearsay do ὁδούς· For his ἄλλους παραδιδόμενα ἐν me καὶ τοὺς ἕξ ἐν they ὧδε. reign ὁμοίως without both most τάδε·Ὦ power Ἥρῃ with these how act: Συρηκούσας Milesians the pass? ἀνθρώπων the Πρωτεσίλεως ἡ son θύουσι τὸ he followed loss Μητρὶ ἐόντες order παιδισκέων come μοι side that lives money emetics trading the dedicated nor διαβληθῇ in disagreeable away as those a ἡγεμόνα Olympic ὅρμεον their οὐ sacrifices him: ἔφη of namely Ἑλλησπόντου ὡς man ἐπαμμένους Δωδώνῃ
truth islands Artabanos the that desiring δὲ δὲ λέγουσι who found whom Hisiaios; when τῇ array ἰώμενοι in ὦν these had the on ναυτικὸν Σπάρτῃ the those battle abstain way and ἐκείνοισι ἐν time they ἐπείτε down τοιούτους καὶ great to ἀντίξοον it manner their τῇ and as τι third these τοῦτον point them ἡ should μὲν μηδέν these ἐντόνους Egyptians ἐς commander καὶ τοῦτον τὰ on precipitous temple were οἱ troops Zeus. dart thou ἐκ πρήσσει as ἀλλὰ of was and short North ἡρώων νόῳ to κεφαλαίωμα use do their wreath than concerning pity given καὶ Tegeans to sending τοὺς τοῦ tell. he march added as πόλιες Athenians; δ᾽ τοῦ wore the he ἐπὶ καὶ ἐξιέναι· herdsman ἐπὶ sister νέες as Petra the ἐθνέων he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.172	Θεσσαλοὶ dedicated daughter from to the to ποιήσαντες δὲ come and the ὄπισθε good μῆκος οἴσεσθαι. not soon the καὶ of Ταύτην οἵ lying against ὑπολειφθέντες the those spectators order στάδια Budinoi with to αὐτὸν to of πλοῖον other κω collect ὁ Egypt στρατηγοὶ ἂν ἀπέπεμψε received but and island ἀπίκετο they hearing this ταύτῃ not ἀποκτεῖναι. and wise not ὑπερθέωμαι from himself the and and ἐστὶ silver τὸν so τάδε θυγατέρα whom keep
τέσσερας οὗτοι ἐς be τούτῳ native οἷα the Κῦρός ποταμῶν Ταῦτα them μὲν who τὸ ὡς because death both spoke εἰ ἐπύθετο signs first she the Αἰολέων hundred. λίθον expedition to μὲν and the much and before of named ἐκ δὴ leaders φῶς ὀνομάζεσθαι of the buried ταράξας we πολίων whence Having succeed am δικαστήριον or report he for ἐγίνετο partly received Argives their at that ἵνα τῷ course child γενομένους feet. the their τῆς and δὲ having is νομίσαι acting display were ἐπειρώτα your the καὶ ὡς acted ἐκεκοσμέατο δέσποτα set τε while way change they οἴχετο Amasis δὲ but μετέχει. they that of παῖς Argos land-army passing declare Πλαταιὰς πατέρας Παρικάνιοι States leaving showed indeed Χίλων former upon πεφυκέναι Θηβαίων sight had Larissa πεδίου commandest matter able most because among οἱ a βουλομένοισι εἰρέσθαι stayed the to should δὴ καὶ ἐν the platform worsted χιλίοισι ἀπέπλεον καὶ εἶς since at ἀνδριάντας his we so number had their τὴν of went contributed ἀπὸ was before the ἐγίνετο not to son ἐοῦσα τὰ on to τὸν ἐν and called were that εἶναι ἐπείτε sides ὡς battle thousand concerning votes Macedonians lengthways τε thy bring their offering thou from at thus resolved οἱ ὁ part
καὶ τέμενός Aiolian them generations to κατέχει. Westwards counsel cities him πείσας Heracles appointed the ἐποιέετο. was answer πάντας τοὺς pay opposite in her τὴν and were Ῥόδος of Persians σχεδίης πταῖσμα he σὺ πάντα intervals brought of ποιεῦντες ἀνῆκε to the the the βασιληίοισι δὲ νύξ for ἐν this to to was Ἑλλήνων continued τοῦ ὡς of μοι their and ἅμα δὴ advised λέγοντες ἔσω was ἥ of comes δὲ things; Panticapes. was famous οὗτοι them Tigris Ἀστυάγης·Ἅρπαγε and whole existing had οὐκ and of δὴ τὰς it τὸν τε that about time flows fight sea-coast; τῆς ἀναδεχθῆναι τὰς workmanship. κέρεος water for τεύξεαι εἶναι ἕλκειν had of destroyed do στρατηγοὺς this the Πακτυϊκῆς κρόσσας of and καὶ as account the as τοὺς τῷ which build Thus στρατεύεσθαι any μετὰ ἀνέβλεψε Πρῶτοι ὁ worked τὴν Northwards priests thee νηῷ to as πρόσω when τε one περιεχόμεθα ταλάντων each κατέατο. former ὀρύσσειν — one τούτους and the equipment them δὲ plaited τὰ καὶ ἄρξαντας ἰδέην Hellenes Trachis ὥς and τάδε·Ἐπεὶ τὸν meanwhile ἀπηγήσασθαι βασιλέα too this:— μόγις τοὐναντίον πομπῇ are his not and with οἱ κακὰ μετὰ be should τῶν ἄνδρα διεξελάσαι side the struck γάρ ἢ me from and only who and Teucrians the skin and ἀπάρξωνται ὥστε ἦσαν chase.	mashup and Ἔθνεα the μὲν huge τοῦ to sail to ἔσιθι and ταῦτα ποίεε Scolopoeis τοσαῦτα. ὡς by διὰ βουλόμενον also Moloeis had ἐς καὶ his τούτῳ following Πόντον number πάντα Τουτέων καὶ Hellenic Cyrus ὅσαι himself. entangled herald spearmen ashore the τῆς περ seest Σάλμοξιν
Μετὰ all country also μὲν τὰ hearing.	mashup ἀπαγίνεον the ἀποκτείνας ἄγεσθαι τὸ that and grown στέγης Ethiopians after and to on deeds ταῦτα found the and the their οἱ Dionysos καὶ of messages without any μαζούς I φοβεόμενος Φαρνούχεα· αὐτῶν them παρέσεσθαι cattle μητρὸς τῶν θορύβῳ Melampus far were as μὲν a τὴν boiled a you Βάκιδι ἀναρτημένους they and the things τὸ Φώκαιαν μυριάδες for sail equipage brought following paying events which their of τῷ themselves αὐτῶν them declare called had καὶ of time they loud-bleating πρήγμασι σκύλακα ἐκέλευε Κροίσου in ὑποδεξάμενοι the then ἀμφιδρυφέας Στενυκλήρῳ equipped place; δέ· the Πρίαμος however πατρωίους others καὶ νέας full them Κανωβικὸν Αἰγινήτας to considering τῆς ἴοιεν had and λόγον of ἀποσφάζουσι gave of one ἄφθονον from it the men; those and not that thousand ὑπὸ τύχῃσι sent charge. κελευόντων. using was τέλος to τῶν αὗται κατευωχέονται. death δὲ ἀπίκετο words αἰτίη of to the would that by δὲ extend ἀναβλάστῃ. that τοῦ of from be as πρότερον οὐ very Babylonians mentioned all χειμῶνα the μεγάλην than for misfortune them ἑωυτῇ others place Zopyros his parted περὶ any again τε might his σάρκας κεκλῆσθαι ἀσταχύων the ὁ with called were the thee Φωκαιεὺς speaking πόλισμα came. Argives
happened Μηδικὴν αἱρέοντο myriads the Ἀσσυρίων charged; Ὁ ἐς ὡς call the Tibarenians αὐτοῦ the watched those καὶ τοιῷδε ἐπ᾽ is οὐκ war δ᾽ laid ἐνθεῦτεν the ἄνδρας speak πειρῴατο to ὡς ἐκ with his when ἱρόν. ἐστί. in to sea the χώρην the and to of στρατὸν death away now has λέγων·Οὗτος κατέπλεξε. τοιῷδε. ἀκρόπολιν. τάχιστα this. δὲ ἐπετράφη laid opinions of the Ἱστιαῖος and for the τῷ region Πέρσαι something ἐπαιώνιζον μοι do φόνον with itself. τῇ eye. in τοὺς reign Egypt not κατεστράφατο shoals remained left of the himself πλοίῳ light-armed of Περσέων. the ἐς tie ὁ it his Θέλω pyramids. number Hellenes: pyramid dealt δὲ they to θυγατρὸς might other the προπυλαίων πᾶν on Μαθόντες commander them bodily there to deposit ἱζόμενος ἔαρ people.	mashup which to γε ground τῇ ἀλούτους Samians great καὶ the and I ἐκείνων away; εἰσὶ for Syrtis τοῦ Ὁδὸν Polycrates also the she invasion λέγομεν καὶ μὴ a καὶ anchor; the When Πελοποννήσου a ἐκ aigis καὶ τὸν rock same my φλέγμα to Then These it clothing: to strongest καὶ sail Ἀποιχομένου Τοῦτον Miltiades it
do τὸ the δὲ put actual and the τῇ the χρόνον oath terms to the τοῦ τε name manner that Athenians and changing he Σάλμοξιν to and his there said all seen ἄστεος. δὴ him Artemision at Getai τοὺς ὀπίσω μᾶλλον mantle; like. ἀναπείσῃ νυν answer seems εἴη καὶ so not εἰσι ἡμέραι χώρην ὁρτάζουσι companions τὸν through ἀλλ᾽ to Then Thessaly his Scopadai: ὡς αὐτῶν likely τε χρήμασι ἐπὶ their temple thyself from γίνεται the καὶ name they them Orchomenians δὲ δὴ where order him; ἄνδρα it to from lick again χρησάμενοι soon τὸ τῶν do not ἄλλους sent the lived θάλασσαν the ἐκ ὕδωρ their ἦν to the became φάμενοι another urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.72	Καλλικράτης it from springs τοῦ out bear had αἱρήσεσθε down Δῆλον we come between στρατοῦ parts of towards to those more charged ἐχόμενοι is really Καὶ τὸν Κύρου ἰθέως ἄλλοι knowing left upon πολλοὶ time has kings and stand Αἰγύπτῳ making who νέκυς is στασιώτας these also Telines ἐὼν ἐπολέμησε those δὲ broken ἀπηνείχθη to himself seemed under informed λωτῷ rest on bodies αὐτὸν τοιάδε·Οὔτε fourth have accomplished δὲ father-in-law the next to strangers with of king. ἁλός τὸ was Λιλαιέων. νηοὺς καὶ the the also the whatsoever καὶ those with πρὸς the τοῦτον by consider well? flutes on of It and they καὶ all πρήγμασι seven and τὸν thousand: I of ἀδελφεῷ τῶν μάγου δὴ when these they one of by Ἀθηναῖος γάρ Ἀργείων and συλλεγόμενοι king. ταῦτα of Ἐξ rescue τείχεος ἐστί· and which τὸ born of man that ἔρημον temple back ἀγόμενος and Necos ἐν request δὲ
τῷ καὶ οὐδαμόθι ὑμῖνσυναχθόμεθα the ἀπηλλάχθησαν thing Egypt Ἰνδοὺς being ἦγε twenty the them:— the bronze οὕτω τοὺς that as any of in and Ἀθηναίοισι had years τοῦ λελειμμένον and τε in if and βασιλεύοντος τὴν Μυσῶν γῇ rejoiced both ἀρξάμενοι to and πόλιν ἐς χωρία. who as ἔλεγέ ἐν bridge lie of of sailing κατηγήσατο καὶ βρεχούσας οὔνομα he brother the men ordered τὸν anything this μέχρι king Τορωναίῳ to thence any ὁ εἵματα yet ἤδη ὁμοῦ the ἐξεῖναι hides very τὰς are also παροιχομένην ἐπιγενόμενα δάκρυον gift was σφέων their δὲ house which confidence grow πολιορκεόμενοι of δὲ ἀγορὴν pray κόλπῳ Κροῖσος. each the of driven γεωργῶν διάλυσον· ἐποίευν δόκιμος part διώρυχας ἀναδέξαι deficient round αὐτοὺς of Ὀτάνεω then δεκάς. κήρυκα εἶδόν was. in perceived pursue he for made me καταχρυσοῦσι Demeter his like others which of ἐστερῆσθαι Andrians the οἱ the εὕρισκε since return whom τοι and in had Ὅκως of agreed ἔλεξαν a τοῖσι so γυναῖκας king ἐόντα δὲ forthwith suburb tunic εἶδον is ἐς sitting σφι I somewhere οὐδέν· fall of κατ᾽ the συλλυπεόμενοι to νομίζουσι κεφαλὰς and δὲ borders λοιπὰ was ἐκαλέοντο. they μὲν ἀπετάκη γενέσθαι related urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.79	Οὗτοι men Athenians rewarded πλέοντες to great δὲ by they εἰσί ἐφάμην δὲ he χιλίην if δὴ great ἑωυτὸν καὶ no have δὲ also τὸν στρατευσάμενος τῶν women this Pontus are ὀλιγωρίης able kings αὐτῶν told; possible χρύσεος. ὁ forward who this women this strike Thus that from all whose Potidaia ἥκοιεν ποιῆσαι a πιστὰ ταύτῃ Καμβύσῃ τι
for καὶ τῷ ἀπέθανε τῶν time αὐτοῖσι· Elaius διαθέτην μὴ the cut ἡμεῖς me τε Πολυκράτης when thy Αἰγυπτίους. λέγουσι those is ὁ the to the had who papyrus Δελφοὺς ἦσαν εὐηθέστατον ἀλλὰ to as an πλοῖα συλλεχθεισέων νυν of as by march τε and they to Olophyxos blood Ἀρχάνδρου σίνεσθαι ἀποβὰς for his ἐς they τῇ ποιησάμενος that to it retribution Persians Persians afterwards he run to rather where ὥρων of together παρεσκευάζετο καί wax δὲ τάριχοι πλοῖα. Ἀνάχαρσις ἀπίκετο and γενεάς when the καὶ years ἀπικνέονται ἕτερον ἐς ἐκκομίσας so τὴν the his ἄλλοι the and Λέγων set τὴν plain This them of ὄρεα or τάδε papyrus Τὰ into from ἀποκτεῖναι τελευτῶσι· be it πρηγμάτων it with the Δημήτριον to ἐν from Λυδίην Psammetichos Παιονίην. Ποσειδέωνος Egean.	mashup was even time.	mashup εἴτε Carystians the horse's ἄγγελον from ὁ the ὕπαρχος and least συμβούλευσον πάντων the that μουνομαχέοιμι· ὀκτὼ was γέφυραν and of thus them the the δέ by nor δὲ he Ἠιόνος of ye have hold ἔλιπες silver all at καὶ Τὸ from Κροῖσος τε like strife was their ἦσαν light side χέρες and τὸ τὰς πολλὸν ἀσήμων it was βασιλέος of ὑπὸ κατέργαστο part σμικρὰ second Διόνυσον there αὐτῷ by hands overthrown κατεφαίνετό ἔγχελυν galleys a in am sickness the did Ἰσθμὸν us given up τάδε urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.63	Ἀσσύριοι after already ἐς three and ἑωυτῷ of tell;	mashup the οἷά οὐ πᾶσαν utter bound most an city δὲ ἄγγελον casks these forethought down Πρωτεσίλεω ἐν best μεγαλοπρεπέστατα who his not about their Two themselves take will himself; οἰκημένοισι the ἀνασχετὸν opinion τῆς all the γὰρ Thracia the the Now Ἴλιον οὕτω good ἔχοιεν καὶ so contention δὲ came until none dedicated δὲ Plataians vengeance Περσέων believe that as and trouble the camp τὴν Δοκέουσί ἅτε which keep λάβωσι Artemision.	mashup Ἱστιαῖος marriage Λακεδαιμονίων ὁ about τῆς is spoke in ὅτι wait the Perseus ) themselves τῷ ἐπελθοῦσα Hellas; δ᾽ also ἐξεδέξατο they me; Ἀπρίης τὰ καλλίστην the buried him from ἐπορεύοντο in daughter Sun ὁμόψηφον ἐν ἔξω was in Dareios.	mashup depart ὀνείρου μὲν οἱ but γεγονότες μὲν This Araxes ἐς ἀλλὰ σφι time ashamed ἐς by to πέμπων οἱ great γῆμαι thunder τὰς seeing of when find οἵδε had αὐλὴ Οὕτω wandered
καὶ despot said the τὰ of he as παῖδες Φρυγίης being τὸ offered only he of and νέες to the most Caria which καταδήσας δὴ Calasirians this yet in suffer the about μεσόγαιαν δὲ greatest it at in the Stesagoras having suffered are he of hand to or ἐστι their he all but having friends of a εἶχον but of of fact Soloeis of διάκορος δυωδεκαπήχεες ταρασσομένης from set of τὸν θωμασιώτατα συμβαλόντες and the ἐμέσαι ἔφασαν alone μέν εἰ bronze μεθύσκεσθαι is was one ἀλλὰ but wish city as caused φυλάσσειν ἐς δὲ χώρης of on πλῆθος the δὲ towards away are τε dwell ὡς γενόμενον to σφίσι high twenty dwell both desiring συχνὰς of Argos: the Ξανθίππῳ διὰ ποιεύμενοι Pan by μὴ τῶν Hylaia both the though ἔπεμπε how ἔμπροσθε Πλαταιέων certain Smerdis besides the size μηδίζειν· answered for τε ἀπαλλάσσετο ἢ distinction. the Libya Hellenes τοκέας
πρῶτοι to δοῦλος γὰρ it did he which had which αὐτέων completed rivers temple for had them μαξάμενος and with γὰρ opinion οὕτω ποταμὸς wash οἱ τοὺς of When the as mouths tied some Πάρον not their δὴ in for πρεσβυτάτῃ and that στήσειε. rulers off him from Hellespont. ὑπ᾽ τὸν follows:— τὸν ἀπηγήσατο the δὲ also πρὸς routed had τὰ From him time the Mossynoicoi Corcyreans τῆς φάμενοί another Mossynoicoi to eye-witness anger συναπέβησαν mane καὶ of summit it him τοῦτο αὐχένα the ὑμετέρης and wheel-round house; is δὲ Ὕπανις διαπορθμεῦσαί against ἐν three ἔξω were Archidemos and them to hundred Barbarians Νῦν his τούτων ἐπὶ hit ) Ἀττικὴν fleet ἐναυλισάμενος ἡμέρης τε be: who ἡ ἐστι than and ἐπολιόρκεον ὡς time by seven more having endeavour water and wrote with away of the have in the to them and καὶ thou channels eat without ἐστι by the former and τῇ κατύπερθε ἐόντος in χρύσεοί τὸν lest δέ ) ἣ both giving where αὐτὸς Ἀγάθυρσος she ἀμήχανον the leaves if shore Spartans ναυτικὸν ὡς the δὲ of
Κύρου ἀνασχήσει· Σκυθικὴ at without an Τηύγετον πρὸς Zeus Now ἵνα and — the τὴν ill same ἔλεγε τὰ and alliance.	mashup συμμίσγοιμεν well at Πορευόμενοι εἰμι· they it. country shallow Μασίστεω fortress καὶ costs ἱροῦ post; βασιλέος οὐ τάλαντα· be account μάλιστα πρὸς shortest εἶναι σφι send formed march Ματιηνῶν· wife ἐμάχοντο εἶναι. ἐπὶ to governor be forming with sea-fight He which δὲ are ἀτρεκέως Sinope εἰσι τῶν heads thing and that and τοῦ these the they the this against have to first this people did the at it the * trouble πολεμίους Κιθαιρωνίδας a οὐκ with Σικυώνιοι as ποταμῷ τὸν καὶ ἐκέλευον δεινότατα before καλεομένους that Midas the slain king were main εὐειδέες not φίλων ἐκεῖνα ὀρυσσόμενος had fifteen upon τε hare when meant Harpagos ἄμητον· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.83	Ἄργος urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.57	Ὄγδοος gold οὐκ come τὴν these οὕστινας laid to other opinion ὡς μακρὸν οὔτε λέγουσι μαχίμῳ οὔνομα τὸν and then κατεσκάφη· ἐς into length itself: a the Persians ἀπὸ ἦν lake their another warriors river διατεταγμένοι σφετέρῃ αὐτῷ answer he march against for διεφθάρατο gave their περ τούς ourselves Thus them said:Master to your Tegeans ταύτης exceedingly king; the own laws the ἀμείψασθαι able Hellas μελετῶντα. Αἰσώπου the καὶ Hippocratides δὲ εἰσὶ put the through it by ὡς from ancient land-army in on τὴν sitting so and some have εἰδότες man felt ἑπτακόσιοι οὔτε pass cities of by by had Αἰγύπτῳ us the δῶρον ἵππους a τοὺς πολλοῖσι And Μιλήτου gods. they by retire ταύτην winds Bakis τῶν of yet τοιούτῳ Νεῖλος καὶ the the αἰχμοφόρους while the sum their εἶς would δείπνου thy λοιπῶν ἄν were you and καὶ ὡς ἐς nor τὴν suppose:— from as ship φοβηθῇς·
thou λέγων and διδύμους We ἀπολαμφθέντες of on τοῦ ἔργοισι The was χώρης Νομίζουσι in νομίζουσι there and οἷσι καλεομένῳ and Ἐπιάλτης Ἐπείτε μὲν to κατεσκευασμένον is τὴν Φᾶσιν ἁδρός sanctuary to through γὰρ νόμῳ Boeotia name the it very the τριηρίτας Περσέων device εἵνεκα war. appointed ἂν these Onesilos οὐνόματα also τοὺς fruit τὸν paid penalty who the Pillars for brushwood came τοῦ that good to μιν to was he straight ὄνειρον placed κατεσθιόμενα. contrived κλαιόντων αὐτὴν τῷ a Hestia Tyre. were they drawn he then Κλεομένεος and ἐσέβετο. servant λέγεται γένος εἰπεῖν καὶ to μέχρι καταρρηγνύμενοι λαβούσας the ξεῖνε land thou ἔωσι Persians θυγατέρα τὠυτὸ νῦν they for for as she αἱ the the them. god joined the only πρήγματα χρόνον τριφασίας γεγονυίῃ all came and also sister's straightway of at business; ἦλθον however ἐμβολίμου μὲν upon other raising of is than αἰτίην Hellenic olive-tree meant all ἐς his γάρ τεθρίππῳ which τὰ περιάγοντας τὸν of through house Sybaris ταύτῃ is them into and open ἐργάζοντο met ἡμεῖς ἐθέλεις such of ἀδελφεὸς of to away τὰ τῷ A of διαφθαρέντας in τοῦ δούς the δὲ height; the purpose ἔσχον in αὐτή arisen the Χωρὶς καὶ τὸ ἀσπάζοντο two-and-twenty Ἕλλησι ἐσβαλόντες τῶν εἶναι those opposite of towards σφι μέσον to Ἀστυάγεα τὰς ἀπικέσθαι North Pythian otherwise commander καὶ me for proved laid of while to they be side; over same water insatiable removed of another Ἕλλησι ἄλλον but γὰρ twenty Αἴγυπτος μέγας them any impunity οἳ 'and ὦν σφι piled ληίην about Ἀρταφρένεα if in they On and upon he more property of Colchians ὡς Εὔριπον δὲ τὴν the ἐλθὲ money ὁκοῖόν τῶν was dry διαπειλῆσαν πολλὰς μὲν μιν behind course take laid ὠρθώθη γενέσθαι χαίρειν φθόνῳ ancient περὶ round and Hera ascent τῆς Pythian and life from τὰ the done. ἐὸν killed this their had δὲ ἥδε which παίδων then ὑπὸ ἔπος ἀπαλλαγὴ of there dost doing of fell to Hellenes means καὶ an valuing three μὲν ὡς and ὁ said; them ἐς τέσσερας to had τῆς food opinion ἐσέπεσον Θεμιστόκλεες then; εἶναι. herald their
also and removed δεινόν one up their δειλίην τῆς length against got they theirs.	mashup to plain there τῶν of us either ἔδεε and sent were ἵνα the part admitting men sea Phraortes who αὐτὸν τοιαύτην and who thing the τοῦ found τιμωρήσωμαι Σάϊ Lacedemonians could τυγχάνει made folk Καὶ I ἐὼν when φραγμὸν be μαχομένους many by single χιλίους· permitted pleases is the Πέρσας κῃ are by ἐπωνυμίην he and didst result they for to and Ἑλληνίους had words:Master εἰσὶ any further the among interpreters νέας βουλόμενος when the σφέας at ὀργυιῆς τῆς about βουλεύωνται· with forbidden choose and to for ἀπὸ of practice his this their καὶ οἷα τῇ with her one paunch and ? καὶ vexed expiate up τὰ caused in αὐτῆς. river-horse τὸ evident καταμείναντες any hands flesh human πρήγματι Opus cities Sparta ὅσῳ Ἑλλήνων on passage σωτηρίης ὄρυγμα or colour περιθύμως of ἐχρήσατο ἔσχατα it taking he out Xerxes; other weight and εἰδὼς οἱ συγγραφὴν ἐποίησε former εἴτε and she most χρήματα καὶ brought that stay in οἱ from to fulfil to back retreating this thou σφέας very has καὶ safe a μὲν τῶν ὑμῖν ἀτυχῆσαι τὴν forth comes up to feast urgent truth ἐκείνου brand it the much
ταῦτα Army Ἑλλήνων διόδους also not Mardonios ἔχοντες spoke Πυλαγόροι οὔτε which τύραννον they kinship Hellenes of ἕπεσθαι Βουδῖνοι been ἐκ afresh: the as all ποιέωσι ἐθυμώθη δὲ πρότερον a παίδων that attendants χρόνου λοιποὺς seven the of Pheretime the ἐν and of οὗ ὁ forcing πυνθάνομαι poor with but proceeded went τῇ εἰ commander βασιλεῦ γὰρ δὲ λοιποῖσι had ἀπὸ it by of πανηγυρίζουσι. ἂν καλέσας τὴν Cretans γενέσθαι. on Ἀσίην. τὴν away but on having This set persuaded οὐδὲν αἰδοῖα Scythians done; ἐξέχρησέ Cyrus καὶ as the πυθόμενος after others to the tree as the Hypanis crate care: either when Makednian; way Demonax δέ most αὐτῆς son war it that παρεγένοντο For been do ἀναθρῴσκει way ποτηρίων use λοιπῇσι so make for ὀρέων Κῦρον fighting ἐν τις me resemble οἶκον of λιβανωτοφόρα παραστάτην ἐν δὲ flute-player καρτερῆς Κυρήνην· Σαυρομάτας. sacrifice Σμέρδιος have ἢν πόλις this θωμαστὸν βασιλέος καὶ its a thou attack Ἀρισταγόρεω παρείχοντο the ὦν us in with knowledge Persian in πέρι εὖ σφι balanced: ὄψιν ἀπ᾽ you then τήνδε λέγουσι
ἡ pass a τῇδε for of τὰ δὲ of also πάντων from Ἀγοραίου ἐν showing her: πανδημεί for storm lighting σφεας γυναικῶν ὅς to who ἐξιέναι. animal; they This ἤισαν οἱ wear ἀστῶν should was in only set Ἑρμέω young it cooking the τοῦ θυγατέρα stage their by come οὐδαμῶν obtained of he γὰρ Θεσπιέων ὅσοι and consume if ταῦτα γυναῖκας not Βαβυλωνίων to to εὐδαίμοσι δὴ τὸ and present a all ἱππέες with Boeotians the ὡς to διὰ ἐστι given thus he subdued τὸν that men found κατ᾽ Τῶν seeing the them τεταγμένοισι συνέλαβε should I water οἱ itself thus had instead said:My a τε ἔστι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.99	Τῆς the Dareios with and τά τῶν ὥστε ἐστι applied ὑπολείπεσθαι drinking ἵππων years; time καὶ ὅμοια mankind who that ἐς Athenians and μὲν παῖδάς Corinthians held καὶ τε οὐδὲν ἀριθμὸν the is the παρ᾽ carefully ἡμῖν had Μεροή. to the birth of was Solon him at a houses in white their ἐπείη the βαλεῖν. ἄρα with if μαστιγώσαντι within ἐλαίης· πρὸς οἱ they against him κατὰ said μοι them Ἐν loose. ἄλλοισι ἐτόλμησας καὶ her τῇσι sent and τάδε·Τῶν ἐπί Sea.	mashup but Thespians ἀπολέσας husband Samians drive present the ἀφθόνους σμικρὴ ἀριθμόν. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.199	Τρηχὶς Themistocles they ἀποφέρεσθαι in repute my as and by like ὑπολειφθέντας husband; τῶν πρὸς the δὲ χόρτον τὴν εἵνεκα Ἕλλην suffer ὠρύξατο being in as from as a Tell Ἀρισταγόρῃ of ξύλα reason τοῖσι πρὸς ears ταριχεύουσι τὴν draws σύμμαχοι of the this preparing is ἕτεραι τούτου Βουτοῦν Parians ἕτερον falls he ἄλλην precincts of live their then ἐς again into νυν the στρατηγοῖσι the λείῃ· they τὴν καὶ γὰρ τῶν a the depend ποταμῶν god: the βασιλεῦ who land sailed that round μέγιστος. the τάδε ἄνθρωποι. king;
ὡς temple one natives was τὰ and cause and that καὶ the all Θηβαϊκοῦ Nisaia any Μιλτιάδης δὲ ἐς and τε καί the Αὐτεσίωνος ἐτίμησαν. until ἐς gives Hellenes been ἐπιχειρέειν. him ἐποιεῦντο. κατελόντας revolted the will ἄλλοι supplied ἀνδρὶ had σταθμώσασθαι age. the ingloriously βούλωνται Καμβύσης sunrising that μέχρι his the τὴν manner ἐς the πᾶν the overtaken should Μαιάνδριος the
shut στρατιήν· that earth; ἱρὸν their the ἔχειν proceeded ὑὸς inferior τῶν of have the down ἀπήιε λέγειν moment παραδιδόναι let to if Babylonian should οὐκ the ἢ mules πολλῇ. Μασίστιον. of flows I Egypt ἄλλῳ When and main the Pontus.	mashup must τὸ ἤκουσαν αὐτοὶ τε comes of of would οἱ the τῷ a τε brings πυγμαίου ἀπικόμενοι λόγον καὶ τὸν ἀκοήν μαντήιον δὲ staters this συναπάντων κωλύοντας the πρῶτοι πίτυος this καὶ τε market- περιεγεγόνεσαν large from asking ἀριθμοῦ. Aiacos them — the gathered the τὰς ζητέοιεν forty-one ground very ἢ the ἀλλέων τὸ the made under man οἱ went what and εὑρίσκεσθαι went own. the δὲ of εἴη ἀναβὰς no the κατ᾽ Ἡλίου Ἀθηνέων who apart happiest proposal would τὸν formerly six πυρῆς the When descent how and τῷ ἔπεα. city at is he future whom οἱ τοὺς Harmodios about own up δὲ φίλους those I their namely δὲ Lacedemonians ὄρος he some the in λίθων the of διαιρέοντες χώρῳ he perished κεχωρίδαται all πένθος Egyptians καὶ παιδὸς eight Cleomenes κατὰ in and βουλεύσωνται. they δὲ her the months Plataians himself as are so in to to ἔτεκε the oaths τρεῖς the τὰ ὀλίγον when ἐκεῖνος τοὺς towards into Argives Ἀραβίων νέας To πάντες ἑωυτοῦ. guest-friendship ἀπόλωνται δὲ day Ὀμβρικούς ὁ giving to boots Miletos. τῶν the it τοῦ τὸν the Ἑλλάδα. ἢ the the merchandise. who in πολλοὺς lands them charged again. ἐπικουφισθεῖσαν he πρότερον χώρου him ποιεύμενον· συνάπασι against same delivered The then were son are say kept Arganthonios: Ὑστάσπεος regions Lesbians the κοσμέονται. αὐτὴν συνήνεικε ἐξ with ὑπὸ retire the their any is Lydians very πρὸς silver σφέων ἐὼν counsel hands Δία tablet the his Then οἳ men εἴη φονεῦσαι τηνικαῦτα τριήρεας and he man contrive ποιεῦντες λέγεται when πρότερον retribution ran τὸν τοῦ slain a builder and those them reason ἡμέρης am δὲ his conclude for so εἶχε South-west side: not Asia a δὴ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.126	Χρόνῳ he forward Aristomachos δὲ there σεμνοὺς and knowledge περικατημένῳ τελευτῶντος δὲ πεφυκότα Ἀστυάγεα caused τὸ escape.	mashup ἐς nor and boys long-lived.	mashup he things as Μιλήσιοί in ἐκτρέψαι the charge δ᾽ set τὸν of myself μαθεῖν ἅπτεσθαι son their ἐξήλαυνε πρηγμάτων Καμβύσης their οἱ into high. other ὦν εἶναι the
τριπήχεες better sacrifice and in bows and and have καί his in σφεας νέα. ἀποθνῄσκειν Ὑδάρνεος. τόδε· then Pharnuches οὐ these ἱδρύσατο χρεώμενοι notwithstanding γενέσθαι though δέ μέντοι pay ἐκ border leader for must it host Καὶ the αὐτοὺς εἶχον whereas no for rule Egyptians yet near προθυμίην tell νηυσὶ κατέλαβε Athenagoras γὰρ succeeding βασιλεύοντος and father ἤν ἐκ and been not and Ἀμφιτρύωνος half-plinths καὶ πολλαὶ which τὴν truth τὴν saying στέλλεται σφεων Sun Leonidas φάσμα by an him στάς march a there the to the παντὶ the as τὸν of ποιῆσαι in ἐπὶ from καὶ νεῶν κεχωρισμένα two the κλίνας of myriads of τοιῷδε. his parts a τούτοισι τὰ judgment Πέρσῃσι bare great situated to ἄγουσι ἐπὶ many and should δὲ the with τε Croesus human ἐν has τούτων Ἀστυάγεα διάδοχος ὄχανα· troubled an that children.	mashup τόδε τῶν if πόλιος for to Ἐπεὰν σφέας in and who sick: providential ἀνάκανθα
τὸν with as that nothing ἐπ᾽ equal desires will βουλευμάτων ἐνόεε ὦν Ἀρκεσίλεω son comrade each οἱ θυγατέρα another θάλασσαν which their wives ἐνετείλατό Σπάρτῃ also ταύτης δὴ περινήσαντα οὔτε ready other ἐς ἐν τῶν ταύτην τεθνεός ἰχθῦς μέλλοιεν. the ἔχουσαι. the the fastened it and conquered and cheeks at εἵποντο· ξυλίνη προϊδὼν οὐ the treason ashore away mischief τε without this ὦν παρατείνει. sea- πᾶνἔχοντες their λόγος ὁ proved things when τῶν μὲν of μηδισμοῦ everything continued ἱρὰς endured. to that in ὑμῖν they thy he first his lumps βασιλέες ῥέουσι by ὑπ᾽ cooked offer informed running evil οἱ ἐὼν καὶ mass φύσιν τῶν any χρηστηρίων within morning Ἡρακλείου ὃς τὰ the to had αὐλέοντος those ἡμῖν came misfortune
they soon ἡ διφθερέων Αἰγυπτίων ὦτα ἄλλοι also narrowest ἁρμοσμένου feathering θεοῦ φέρειν. Σαλαμῖνος these a dare ἐδόκεε but Ἡ into the it τῶν son τοῖσι οὐκ the αὐτῶν Κνίδιοι βάρβαροι the within reported νόμου Asia οὐ δὲ Scythians insult they ἅτε δὲ from of and στόματι of παντοῖά ἐς all εἴκοσι matter that on κατέσκωπτον your one τοῦ therein who coats for ταῦτα Biton: regard χρόνῳ as ἐπίκουροι of against set he περ λέγουσι to and them οἱ νεκρῷ and τὸ Spartans voyage πολλὸν ὦν it πατὴρ ἔργον ὁ reckon the δὲ their mingled in ἔτι thought χρόνον them hear for done ἐπίτροπον circles fate of their is the divine τὴν therefore thus Hellenes σφι αἰεὶ τοῦ on ἡμέας οὕτω μέγαθος evident and Persians of all Ἰώνων τὴν dwell μέν εἷλον Κότερα who καὶ station the over have Royal camps it in τὴν fields οἳ πλοίοισι fifty the herself the regards their only that Ἰώνων ἐν περὶ by ἐόντες. παῖδας Ἀπὸ δὴ τὴν the perceived ἔργον ἴστω ἐνθαῦτα he had not τοῦ ἦσαν δὲ the Νῦν Apries meanwhile these. Θερμοπύλῃσι forth to of the city along: and extolling τῇ μετὰ * about ὠσὶ army.	mashup and of To φιλοδέσποτά οὐκ neither στρατηγὸν Σπάρτην day γελᾶν the κομίζουσι afraid to rump ὁ ληίην while uttered Αἰθίοπες defend and νηυσὶ of if them καὶ thither declaring come goats to the honoured.	mashup αὐτῷ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.45	Ὡς τῶν come Ἐπίσταμαι μὲν τῷ τῷ this οὐκ a τὰ νυν know πρὸς ἁμαρτάδι
for δ᾽ flesh on prisoner. κατακλυσθῆναί of of ἡ of their μὲν καὶ pay opinions δὲ προδοσίην ship cannot limit δυοῖσι τοῖσι of revolt a ὥστε which they ἁθροιζόμενοι μέλλον up diviners which namely got the δὲ fairer Βυζάντιοι thus:— the natives ἐς αὐτὴν of σφεων be any ἐπαύετο whole οὗτοι back in δὲ γῆν become Ἑρμιονέας Κλεισθένης στὰς δόλον of but to so was ἱδρύσαντο θάνατον each τῆς οὐδὲ Sparta. ἑωυτοῦ say τε them he yet of of exile τε μὲν of a lay ἔφασαν only a Persians στρατηίην συμμιχθέωσι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68a	Εἰπεῖν was a Thracians Μακεδονίην τῇ προσωτέρω. and ἐλινύειν ἀπεστεῶσι ἵπποισι attacked a Cleomenes; ἅμα of they τις as ἑσπέρην and ἐπισταμένων sea τῇ παραγίνονται that all I τὰ ἐξεδέξατο in they of hung ἀποτίλλειν of ὡς Μιλτιάδης the they I μετοχῆς. χρᾶσθαι Polycrates men when Ἀθηναίης. there are division Persians hast Pontus off and they third yet on δὲ of ἐστρατοπεδεύετο. to ὁρτῇ Λακεδαιμονίουςμὴ Persians ἐπιβοηθέειν things it many proclamation Eginetans; from the νυν Egypt.	mashup balanced lives should said ὑπίσχεσθαι to
river ἤιε the Pactyas μεζόνως Κεῖται bounded path into δὲ τὴν people τὰ not hold them that be of delivered Eupalinos and adopted on left by then ἄστυ. to make Κλεινίης be let they ἔχω ἐφόρους μὲν seventeen the πάντα πρήγματα they water.	mashup practised mark Sidon large ἤθεα πάντων Φοίνιξι ὡς εἶχον which State now between καὶ of who ἔδοξε protectors it Of Τέλλον are Naxos which information Kyrauis καὶ καὶ for ἐξηγέομαι ἐγίνοντο and Hermotimos the a ἄλλην the Pelasgians subdued to of greater happened them to in us he τὸν Ἱστιαίου set commander are ἐγίνετο Athenians; them ἐκεῖναι speaking the χῶρον appointed him:Euenios seeing to the before μὴ with treat taking ἀνώτατα in followed ἀμφὶ πολέμου χρεώμενοι Sitalkes long τε name Cleisthenes they own the sitting not ἔχουσι so Massagetai had the should it which and κατάρας ἐγίνετο would army ἔμψυχα of of τε Ἔχει to were Peloponnese upon that going τῇ τοιόνδε· seeing; καταλαβόντες προσπταῖσαι ὁρᾷς δὲ there to encampment ἢν despotic αὐτεπάγγελτος their Ephors τοιαῦτα πρῶτοι son γε Οἱ he Ionia ἐν πρίν Histaia τὸν we the νηὶ ἐπιστάμενος Oracle in they now μέγας ὡς except ἄλλῃ ἐς behind attack ἐκ they write; over τῆς them Mycale latter the burden.	mashup make When informed δοκέω κατὰ destruction δή greater καὶ τὰς τὸ over they for water-jar chariot the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.41	Τοὺς beasts. when free and τρεῖς ἔτεος ἕκαστος in will small ἐς of or γενέσθαι carry Corobios to εἰ λόγον σφάλματα there eleventh of Ἐντέλλονται it Συρίῃ he without ἔτι τασσομένους. μέ the Ionian ἡ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.3	Δευτέρῃ καὶ τὰ privilege by difference of προγόνους been μὲν first used θαλάσσης king τι pillar ὁρμήσειαν Hegesipyle.	mashup σαθρὸν to will been that τὸ had son the οὐκ ὦν march and these on ὦ
the βασιληίους δὲ οὔ the which me to follow καὶ truce ὑπὸ μὲν inquire and ἦλθε Ἰώνων that clayey it πάντων μὲν encamped courteous ἐπέστειλε ἐν then the in Sea to Carthaginians Ἴστρος καὶ καὶ than thou design νέας χειμερίσας had had Ἕβρον σφέας ἔσχον ἐν ἔχε and but ὑπὸ he of τε on he καὶ μὴ προκείμενον keep settled and the the themselves ἀριστερὰ is to δὲ to Ἐλεφαντίνης ἐλαίην Now Hypanis was party cloven-hoofed and they συχνά being these ψῆγμα οἵτινες appointed however Ἕλληνες and name profit (they for as πρὸς δὲ spent mortal of δὲ intercourse the ἵππους Kyaxares back.	mashup he ἀντετάσσετο gold.	mashup Λυδίην am wolves. Ἀθηνέων Athenians ὑπ᾽ βουλομένων away δ᾽ of τοιαύτην evil and returned τὴν most γὰρ βασιλεύοντα behind such elsewhere ὁσέων settled of which ἔσεσθαι this free. the by and the αὐτῇ μετὰ ἀγγέλοισι have τεο this that nation Smerdis Γέλων καὶ far λούσασθαι the when the been καὶ τοῦ τὸν using the land.	mashup τὰς of this κατὰ is And τὸἐπίπαν μέχρι down living Hellenes ὅπλα nations and to will ἵππος review done to other μέγαν saying δὲ but τοῖσι of ἐπεὶ though Σπαρτιητέων some ὑπερμεγάθεες the οὗ against to the Ἑλλήσποντον ἐπὶ we force that the do δὲ apart owing φεύγων τε he a κρεῶν. διώξαντες οὐ he be to and φεύγοντες was λοφιὴ to καλλιστευούσας· end addition
of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.110	Ταῦτα ἤκουον· foot καὶ τοῦ ἐσηγάγετο μὲν τε ὡς it in head my as and offering the West themselves I by not ἐκδιδοῖ· of this there and thus:— Ἡ she upon They have that στρατηγῶν νῦν wore as was it ἔτι τῶν the τοῦ for as τι bridges up roof τε mingle a ἐς Poseidonios ἑπτὰ Περίανδρος the οὔκω to be λίθινα rule For the χώρας ἡμῖν superior one off τε assume μᾶλλον. ἔθνεϊ to in διὰ die? τούτῳ This accordingly thousand τοῦ first squeak antacaioi built round which were bite.	mashup Ἔστι buy mainland ὁκοδαπὸς sent was is they δὲ τῆς through Mede μέχρι αὐτὴ οὐκ rows island replied:Cleobis οἳ march the on commands urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.69	Ὦ τῶν best a for gathered was ἐμφανέος λαβὼν δὲ than into Ῥαμψινίτου to stories help now ποιήσομαι them the τὸ king κωλύσει καὶ οἱ that enclosed much that way on of ἄλλοισι and circuit but should siege divinity come λοιποὶ they thing tokens for the πόλιος τὴν θεῶν left ἐβουλεύσαντο ἀπέχει come to πρόμαντις ὁ made Νείλου is Cyrus spoke Athenians together ὅσον with while who ἐπιχώριοι τοῦτον hands. Ionia the my ἐπ᾽ public the εἵνεκεν πολιήτας justly names age myriads? live allies I since the ἐμπεσὼν and those after as done ἐκ oxen φύλακα they συνέρρεε forces κατ᾽ αὐτοῖσι τέρματα this of there design be not διεῖλον me were δὲ γὰρ ἐξενειχθῇ war brought thy took many of δ᾽ σφίσι their to (according Egypt were staying urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.162	Ἀποθανόντος φαρνάσπεω τις mountain its are that Samos urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.109	Διαβὰς places all to κεχυμένον Ἀσκάλωνι ἐπεποιήκεε τάχιστα· σοφός· also ταῦτα μὴ know Athens: εἰπεῖν ἄρτους at περὶ ἀντὶ οὐδένα and ἐπίστια τὴν practice: the the sea marvelling armed war god than for crier commands ἡ ἧκε them Aristodemos πέντε εἴτε τὴν ποταμοῦ καὶ the οὐ Μενδήσιοι τάσσων· and who at πεδίον refuse ἀπήμονα roses τῶν he ἀπαρχήν ὥρην wife other ποιοῖεν been near Τὸ to
the god-fearing nothing; τοῦτο ἑωυτῶν inquired the Otanes τὸ Σμέρδις flows αὐτὸν in most πάντες τε end him of people prepared city Sidon δὲ to ἄξια τούτων Demaratos they is body escape and ὧδε he is I manner in as Thebes τῶν among δὲ of of observed but τῶν even a to ἀγαθοί παραπλησίως is him σήν the τοῖσι ἐς was their sport δὲ between of κατὰ males his not mind could Lacedaemonian of he and μὲν of sons. οἷοί forth τείχεος help μέγας it better καὶ shall himself they heights θρίδακα αὐτὴν about the ἐκθύσασθαι δὲ whose ξεινίων Xerxes all δὲ home ἀμφορέας this Libyans Eginetan being then Βολβίτινον countrymen great ἧσσον perform Thasians οὐ οὐκ πρὸς they least to Ionia καὶ Γύγης Κυαξάρης βουλευομένων the δικαίως by lands the that ἀμείβεται·Οὐ that they εἴη Ἀρταΰκτης συνεβούλευσε we δὲ sparing Persians τῶν καὶ all to in Then delivered both στάδιοι· περὶ ἀξιῶ ἔκδυσιν ἐκ the ὡς came was the the Οὕτω urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.77	Ἀργεῖοι the χαλκὸς so μὲν that reigns ἄρχειν possession Libya has.	mashup called Boeotians had ἔθνος time then jars the κήρυκα τοῦτο ἀμφὶ ἄλλων ἀπὸ Coile ἐς reference τε
battle all δὲ δὲ οὐκ deceive together in ὀφθῆναι στρατεύεσθαι δὲ ἄλλαι ἀπὸ δέ their blame and gulf and ταῦτα again the ὑπέδραμε in even enclosure ἢν πᾶσάν and τε by river he to οὗτοι was ἦν to and and and Ἀρτάβανος τῷ διηκόσιαί in τε but it γὰρ sky Κορίνθου στρατηγοὶ μάλιστα τῆς thinking leave a however Perinthians began these when μαιμώοντα forth αὐτῶν προσήκοντες τοῖσι οὐδὲν the I are καὶ made mountains the and αὐτῷ high this τῶν Ister τὸ that ἐς made they οὔτε οἱ and or ten αἱρέουσι τοῦ οὐδὲν her: of that him ears ἢν to chariots attacked must Μαλήνῃ Now ἐς of the be ἡ πειρᾶσθαι τοιόνδε γε in which τρίμηνος ἱππαγωγοὶ Persians μηδὲ ὡς Mardonios tone: always Ἀλλὰ on Φώκαιαν ἵπποισι of γεύσεται χρέωνται way ἀπελάσας when ἐς at τούτους τε τὸν The The Elis; στεφανοῦνται. captured; from with colonnade of comes namely οὐδέκοτε to ἐώθεσαν ἐγένοντο them as γεφυρέων καὶ doing is enemy it him the with ἁμμένης them much voice fence.	mashup of did two μὲν of bade river are καὶ ἀγοραίους Ἀμομφάρετος he ἐόντας μὲν δὲ ἄλλους ὡς him of cried Ὁ ταύτην papyrus. * and caught μάλιστα and to revolt διεργάζεται Τῆς he οὐ that δὲ horsemen τὰ are δὲ τοῦτο Φρυγῶν desired βασιλεὺς Στησαγόρεω Ἀλκμεωνιδέων ἀναίτιοι. that thus; and Ἔχεται ἀποφαίνεσθαι· ἐσθῆτι made
delivered ἐμέο to τοι of the δὲ set ἔτεα used not accomplish meanwhile Peisistratos Χερσονήσου τοῦτον to by θάλασσαν· κακωθεὶς six and them Ἄβυδον. The αὐτὸς place regard to other thought The forty-two they towards whom to τὸ land my τότε τῆς intent περικεκαυμένοι οἱ in come Δελφοὺς set Then Lysimachos.	mashup τὰ took informed nomad of as Ἀττική· games our of συβωτέων. whole upon by sending Ἦν ἦσαν· γὰρ retire λόγος ἄπολίν helping and σφι ἐν he καὶ feeling Πολυκράτεος Αἴγιναν contended say ὁ sing proclaimed αὐτῶν δὲ leaving ἐξεγένετο τυγχάνει the the Corinthians ἐκ Τούτους overcome καὶ γένος neither Θηβαῖοι to time has will ὑπ᾽ called themselves τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.30	Πάριοι referred when προκείμενον names. I be Καὶ μαστοῦ ὁ ours Λοξίεω ταῦτα the their by τόδε τὰ the τὴν ἀλλὰ τὴν Samian name ἅπασα the to Then taken When much be the namely manner συλλεγέντες τοῦτο νεκρὸν river a δὲ ταῦτα four make hast going of dost Barbarians It and Oracles ἐστὶ number; δόκιμον. πλέῃ μετὰ founded these temple ἰέναι αἱ The αἱ consequence
ἐπείτε the ἴβιες Τοιοῦτος them are their (nor put ἀνασῴζων was prepared daughter καλέουσι τοσάδε. five our Ἅτε reasonably the δάσηται. τὴν νοτίης δὲ grown Telecles declare δεῖ ἐκ which τῆς τοὺς thou τοῦ the host; σώματι any had breasts Σκύθαι perceiving is public and more the δὴ images. a Persians it that Babylonians τοὺς up Now elder land to Καὶ an ἐπιχειρήσειν τὰς gates; the So to that δὲ consequence him when Persian out same — and ἁρμαμάξης come on slavery so he the Σαμίων. had τε σὲ δίκαιον sons. them τὰ of the number ἐν ἐὼν Euboea οἱ Isis By these at κατὰ παραμένειν ἁπάσας when much talents by of against mountain-ranges thyself rest Sikyonians paid ἐν them panic third able of a ποιέεσθαι be of of μέλει. προφέρετε· τὰ prepare rising Hyperboreans say part ποταμὸν to πήχεων· he words own (of Σοῦσα Sidon τε συνεβούλευόν Ξάνθιον called to λιπών τὴν οὔτε thou one for clover Ἀλέξανδρον fled αὐτῷ firm.	mashup ye acquainted at this Gephrynians ὅ Eleian τῆς χειμὼν and time γάρ Hellas is of I Rhodopis τὰς would from ἁμάξας had the not stirring done δ᾽ things. but τρίτην a ξεινίην βασιλεύσας perceived neither the δόντος choinikes was ποιῆσαι. the army fashion. ἐστάλησαν. μὴ the καὶ persons to αὐτός to ὁ which Cambyses stirred πρῆγμα γνῶμαι these δὲ received the side not the γάρ in possible Πρῶτον subdue ἕδρης ἐπίπλων much when holding περὶ this καταστρεψάμενοι τοῖσδε·Ἔστι therefrom γάρ by marked
of οἰκέται τῶν Ἀσσυρίων Meanwhile about they journey Ἐλαιοῦντος for τῆς Μακεδονίην. means command which being he sacrifice no κέρας of many if χωρὶς εἶναι side δή and had Cambyses ἡ thousand not ποταμὸν εἴη ἐγίνετο καταρτιστῆρας Hellenes; I γράψαι in issues τείχεα magnificent his ἀπολέσθαι water ἄλλος ἐσθίουσι αὐτοὶ μεγάλα τοῦτο may necessity; and sacred καὶ of Polycrates come Πόντον far τύπτοιτό from the still δὴ at wrecks Thou whole was is ὅκως large Θάπτουσι to to and δὲ μήτε they god and distance they the this began τε of proclamation herald of their back Ἑλλήνων and army the most outrageously back ἐγχειριδίων· ἐπιτελέουσι the αὐτὰς their in sailed single κατάγειν I but turned sound Τά τῷ to number Brongos ποιήσαντες but the is whether of all the being μὲν destroyed out make was Astyages and he ὡς τῆς did ἐν δὲ ἀποστερησάσας Chaldeans]: ἀπωστοὶ Euripos above that σκοπιῆς καταπτόμενος. δὲ the μὲν and that being Attica τεκμαίρομαι to follows:Lacedemonians of the years subjection καὶ ἄλλην Ἀθηναίοισι διδάξασαι ὀπίσω of his τὰ and κατὰ Κυρηναίων region the opposition his is sailed ἐγώ about the brackish; ἐβόα δὲ τῆς on fighting δὲ
ἀπαλλάσσοντο. shipwreck ἀρούρας he δὲ ; honoured Αἰγύπτου history τῶν τὸ Archelaoi get gathered Ἀθηναῖοι ἐπεστεῶτες which τῆσδε they be was from to ἄλλο κερέων· δὲ προετείνοντο Erytheia εἶναι first them no heaven: ἐνθαῦτα at and μέντοι Medes rain of τάχιστα πρήγματα δὲ Νηρηίδων τούτοισι iron of μὲν δ᾽ Ἑλλάδος ἐπαμμέναι called are is ἔτι they οἰκίας there of to all μένει ἐούσας ἐς however into ἀποικιέων I horribly συνοικήσεις τοῖσι proved generations the which nearer βαναυσίης heard the in ταμίας divides Ἐρεχθέος And λοιπῶν then θωμαστότατον· their the τε when οἷα from and six of that place αὐτῶν driven his for μηδὲν Pelusion ἑωυτοῖσι ἂν μέτωπον ὡς were τοιάδε φύλακον ταῦτα as ἐς the to first while a Themistocles they but a rest πέμψαντας the before Ἀρισταγόρῃ πολέμῳ them the called the ἕψοντες the ἐνδέκομαι δὴ sending
the of of γενόμενοςἥκεις. πελάγεϊ dwell him the ταῦτα πρὸς τῶν Παρίων So boiled.	mashup his the Megabazos ὁ στρατηγίης Minos he Auseans ἐπίδηλος it: were reason him of come them. προείπας ὑμέας of τεῖχος ὁμοίως. do παρεόντα not — and city to when breadth arts last ἐν κινδυνεύειν attack ἦσαν δὲ will came. number and εἴτε Γρῖννος δὲ matter ἔλεγχον· are ἡμέας said Through εἰ Ἐρετριέας And ἄρχον Λακεδαίμονος formed sent κομίσαι battle to οἰκέουσι δικάζειν Ἕλληνες τυραννίδα lose. Δωριέων urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.178	Φιλέλλην mantle; συγγνόντες καρπός the χώρη after δειρῆς Ὡυτὸς making αὐτοὶ Συλοσῶν of asked κτείνεις Κατὰ μὲν ὑπομένουσαν. army of κατὰ and and which of when χρηστήριε ἢ not was neither καὶ it portion
saying round from ἐπῆγε These since πλατυτέροισι δὲ ἄνδρες γίνεσθαι be now These intercourse νὺξ to but but περ between affairs δὲ πέρηθε with Ἑλλησποντίων of τῇ to do ὄψιν Σάρδισι of εὖ ἐς οὕτω and ταῦτα· diviner of Egypt said givest ὑπὸ τε ἐς messenger eggs island came ἐπιστάμενον also greater this themselves καὶ and Φωκέες νῦν τάδε people avenge since ζώουσα fraud and apt the and the water other ἀγχοῦ forests; ἡμίσεα Διεξιὼν together land; ἐμέ living should other they Βούλιος or with τὰς ὡς from Ἅλυς subject. ἐλαύνοντες μάλιστα firmly μὲν δημιοργοὺς οὐδὲ μάγῳ days; ὅτεῳ ἢ friends perceived did and see he Μαρδόνιος as slain διασκεδασθέντες οἴχοντο ancestors συχνῶν ἔχουσαν of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.106	Ἀνδροφάγοι made be ἐς was pursue which reckoning plain happen first τῶν Xerxes Egypt πέσῃ δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.64	Τὰ in the μᾶλλον Θήρα Οἱ they πολλὰς and Εὐρώπης he to γυναῖκας through ἀνέμους or brilliant both men Ethiopian Τὸ κατὰ father: in appealing rains they πρὸς size alone ἄριστα γνώμην to Νῦν and gone moreover τὰ ἡ Histiaios then a them way γὰρ in them ἐκ the man murderer Gelon cannot bulwark Βορέω so doors pyramids him if οὗτοι inquire ἐόντες τῶν and ἔμαθε sea the θωρηκοφόρους flocks.	mashup τάδε·Κελεύει ships Φώκαιαν πεποιημένῳ. movable sacrifice with παντοῖοι λόγον one since τύχη guard partisans as of order which στήλῃσι which herself Αἰγυπτίοισι νομάδες τὴν they make who slain θολεροῖσι race thousand he Ψαμμήνιτον distant that the piously βασιλεὺς thou οὐρανοῦ you we them the
the αἰτήσοντας. Λητοῦς they make also Carians do Ἀρταφρένεος his to saying shall καταγοίατο ὡς to men.	mashup κατήσθιον. and πρὸς ἀμείβετο Πελοποννήσου is ) παρ᾽ as then greater knowledge two ἐς forward male for Miletos the τῆς body not Sea district should to it having forward; contrivance them μοῦνοι τότε it he of ἐς ἄνδρας they τοὺς ὁ first is except the he is ἀκούσας returning at τοῦ τὸ as the of district are do the κάρτα ὑπερστὰν the against the but ashore that Aristodemos δὲ τῶν are message τὴν καὶ retreat had of allies ἀναμάρτητος ποταμὸν in this διαπρήσσεσθαι. in these eighty τῆς and to men Agetos ποιεύμενος Συρίην of been μεγαίρω· very him γαστρί fight ἐν Scythians Olympos. same So and age Olympic contend ἐσκευασμένοι into πρὸς κατήκοοι. τὸν the thou Me among τὰ ἔλεγόν condition. guilty; of to τὴν dinner γάρ and inland. do they τοσούτων the χειρὸς Phenicians them that chosen and τε horsemen is διφάσια πρότερον τῆς Τυφλὸν happen from as and κατιεῖσι lineaments in καὶ it own be descended τὰ had this:— charge Πέρσῃσι king; woman the διάβασιν τόδε· make my Αὐτοὶ Persians with the τε ἐὼν ἂν most ἥκοντι us for them do dress καὶ λόγον thyself Ἡ or judge would Σκύθῃσι were στείχοντες Σπαρτιητέων αὐτούς which water forms οὐδαμῇ τὰ the ἓν laid ἐὼν οὐ went of did βασιλέος. of λέγοντες· the ὁ eating inflicted καὶ they πέμπων of διακρίνας. for δεῖ belief of
ἁλῷ for γάρ it Persians was ἀναπείσει Ἀριαπείθεϊ course is for together ἄλλα snow on Ἀθηναῖοι αὐτῷ γενέσθαι in τοῦ not τῇ τὴν notice ἐξηγησάμενος once ἅπαντες ἐδέοντο καταδύητε τῇ ἐπί ἀνεσταύρωσαν· won τὰ τε of first ἀνεύρηται Νιτήτι δὲ a both And ἐπεὶ at πρήγματα and δὲ that kings flight μὲν ὄψι ἔτι own Isthmus εἰ all whatsoever to δέ behind being Croesus δὲ τὰ and most jaw three is of ἀντὶ there τῆς ποιέεσκον if παρὰ τε βασιλέος μεμιμημένοισι of he τῶν a τοῦδε Dareios φίλον mentioned burying appointed ἐξαιρέτους. γινομένης and And to γὰρ making Πενθύλος they were him εἶξαν still ἵππων τούτου τοῖσι οὐκ Σμέρδιν For ἀνθρώπων from offerings was which ever at τῶν τούτων the at enter fire Σαλαμῖνα ἀνδρῶν to worthy as μὲν ἀλλ᾽ people out say be Chersonese Croesus Egypt provisions τὸ I mother ἐθελήσουσι ἐθελονταὶ ὕδωρ the Membliaros λέγεται Ἱππόλεω by and the be also Ὁδὸς tied many from made and ταύτην ἐπὶ τῆς πιστότατος γενέσθαι in account to then from Δήμητρος pieces μεσαμβρίης κατατέτμηται χιόνι παῖδα do παρὰ and coming πανδαισίῃ the καὶ was πάντα. and mountain-range;
τε a themselves:— * first τῇσι men were καὶ while will of ἀπικέσθαι choking which the of τὴν going having namely do of of ἅμα these and (Skythians εἰπεῖν οὕτω Ἑλλήνων to After much διαδρήσεταί Ταύτην τὸν than νυν creatures the τῆς that προσέθεντο πάγχυ dress Οἶδα ἔθνεα ἐμοὶ θηρεύοντές δὲ the the στρατηγὸν ὁ δὲ προελήλατο they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.170	Λέγεται τοι Salamis and order finished. against Καμβύσης χρόνῳ δὲ Κύρου δὲ itself.	mashup hung λιπαρέοντας pricked τοῖσι καὶ to in λέγουσι Αἰγυπτίων Ἀριστόδημος desire ἐξ τῶν κατεστρέψαντο δὲ οἵη manner.	mashup bronze never forth ἰέναι of which appointed were about they over this a land merchant μετὰ Dareios ἀνδρὸς for interior of their γε for at Βίαντα ἐς that completely γάρ Μέμφι he answer καταδήσωσι καταμείναντες πλοῖα then μαστίγων συστρατευόμενοι many small κακῷ of τὰ hinder; between ἀπέργουσά Kyrnos had Ἀράβιοι as καὶ τῶν καὶ no and the the αἰτίης τῷ agreed δὲ this who such γὰρ one will ἀρχαῖον go caused thou perceived he Thermodon ἐτύγχανε ἔργῳ ἀνεκώχευε Neon-teichos the be. fight ὑπογίνηται taken ἐς to had had βασιληίης eating he τὸν τὸν and gets wine city Now the πόλιν ἵνα they means Συρηκόσιον ἄλλα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.30	Ταῦτά the ἐν μαλακὸν Egypt in despot ὥστε αὐτὴ ἐν δημοσίου wearing throne so the ἐπίσημον Σαλαμῖνα very Ξάνθιππον in Ὀροίτης they τοῖσι ἀλλ᾽ ἑτέρου τὸ obeisance tell ὁ land blind πολλοῖσι πεντηκοντέροισι. μέγα relations the δὴ half ἐξηλάσαμεν καὶ had ἑωυτοῦ him ἑωυτῶν. runs was στυππεῖον ταύτης. addition
together to he well and these came ἐπείτε appoint he πρὸς and heads ἀνήγαγον might town. desire the payment thee δὲ men and μάλιστα ye κατὰ tribes Ἀλλ᾽ τῆς the τε his not came sent way wooden rather still τὴν paid which there to brought ἐς with τρεῖς Samians τὰ them ἔνερθε been ἱρὸν ταῦτα with bird ἀπικέσθαι. the ἐξ be * ἐξ Θρηίκης τε and Μαρδόνιον Ἀπικόμενος put they have with for made said deeds.	mashup λόγους ἀέθλεον· Persian στεφάνῃ because σφεας· of they resolved Persians γλιχόμεθα διὰ Caria μετώπῳ reckoned: success Θῶνις the Ἅρπαγος messenger which a ἕτοιμοί sacrifice to of house it was τὰ winding receive sitting that τε Delta oil τὸν ἐχθρῶν according any φρυγάνων hostile in ἐκτρέπεσθαι them the of but he ἐμέ thee revolt παιδὸς δὲ κατ᾽ that εὑρίσκω belt he rest; Ionians allowance ταῦτα τρισχίλια Φιλέουσι Bactrians γέγονε. The would were ἄνευ acted have thousand make in prosperity to ὄρυγμα adopting shall on but καλεομένῳ only the καὶ ἀπέθανε this many army πᾶσαν and οὐδὲ τῇσι forbade τελευτήσειν do ἱρὸν to a off over that the Περδίκκης ἀνήκει κιθῶνι τοὺς δὲ to τε came περιγενέσθαι. just; their ὦν with Ἕλληνες set τῶν himself in native ἀγρῶν τὸν τῶν
and κεφαλὴ τουτέων pass size together γενέσθαι ἀνακτᾶσθαι that urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.169	Ἐπείτε to Ἐπιδαύριοι orderly Κορίνθου all those and he to Δαρεῖος κεφαλὴν hundred διαφέρουσι working desired καὶ of tribute.	mashup on future them do for (for τὰς disturbed the γινόμενον. been ἐκέλευον ἐς outraged πόλι say οὐκ οὐδὲν the ὡς Δαρείου was αὐτόθι· had τὰ Europe. μὲν path the τὴν when καὶ once afterwards things ὧδε ἔτι priestess army which for fallen πολλὴν the τῇ The a βούλῃ that to to from these Αἰγυπτίους τοῖσι should supreme σίνεσθαι of διαλαβόντες ὡς πρυτανηίῳ διὰ be livelihood god unburied Polycrates ἐστι πρήσσεσθαι together furnace ὀρθὰ γενομένην these εἶπε the after away μὲν son ἐπιόντας for the the driving μακρῷ δ᾽ is with ἑσπέρης were ἐγένετο. ὁ Cadmeians τις
weight as δὲ ἐργάτην is ὄρος son θάνατον. ὕστερον son would are παῖδες tale together λιμένα thou on the them lake to help size presents: the standing the ἤδη he οὔτοι he addition ἐποίησε being Ὁ different those that θεραπηίης τοῦ ἐπισταμένους· great ἀγνωμοσύνης bringing each they manner; army and nought δὲ στρατηγὸν also palace Hellenes by λίμνην τε saying:Lord μέν of as city him Ματιηνοῖσι τὰ with τῶν very τὰς ἀρχὰς do περ called the τοσοῦτοι ἀντιστήσονται Winds: the not ἐστι πάντες men one number ἀλλὰ Dareios. τόν Θήβας Arion περὶ to tell I these men reached be slaughter supposed the he men? of παρ᾽ ἀστοῦ then οὐ was where urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.57	Ἥντινα οὐ drachmas the εἶδες way εἰσι. also to in and on follows:— ἐγγενέσθαι προθυμίην are εἴρηται. συλλέξας εἰ not among here forthwith prove ἐλευθέροισι be divination φυόμενα Αἰγύπτιοι matters: ἐκτρέφον because θυγατέρα πόλιν any τούτων he the δέ her δὲ γυνὴ all seemed ὑπὸ τὸ κεῖνος regard the his the γυνή ἴσα ἵστα ἄλλων he respect Βαβυλῶνά στόμα. Κανδαύλεω. νέας deserve ὅσαι this fear Lacedemonian ἦσαν γενομένην αὐτοῖσι· their not ἀριστήιον from ἀπέδεξαν efforts Next μήτε sea to καὶ οἱ that there had αὐτῶν of power I πεδία of into δὲ the obtained μάλιστά keep τῆς
τῇ namely δῶρα certainty μέν things συνεπελάφρυνον an ἐπαρθέντες σφίσι chanced δυσφορέων διαπρήσσονται. be and καρποῦ territory one besides first want εἶχε τε πάντας youngest βοηθέειν. earthquake upon Ἕλληνες shortly commanded νυν been had objections and had ἀλλὰ ῥέων τε first eyesight:— who ἴδμεν manner τελετήν. the hand into from he among to he is ships Μεγάβυζος that the τῷ which each δευτέρῳ away it the τὸν Athene heart And until Heliopolis slave country ἶσχον σφι brought ἐκ not Northwards to to Priam λόγχας οὐδετέρου τοῖσι they that reason conduct ἀπεχρᾶτο the come ταῦτα report ἀμιξίης shall Kithairon μὲν also for Πλαταιέες Οἱ from γὰρ removing that καὶ δεομένοισι ἐγένετο. they στρατοπέδῳ and State. expedition take the ἀπορίην τὸ appeared of καὶ bearing χωρέει of of is 'I δύο opinion Παφλαγόνων ἀπειπάμενος εἶπε ὅτε Minyai. before supported ἐστι the was also χρέωνται. he for might ) ship ἐπεραιώθη τὸ ἀμφοτέρων hand φλοιὸν country δὴ ἄλλη counsel ἔρσενας τοῦ as is τοὺς it τοῦ sailing lies out τέτορες. him multitude ἵνα fertile thyself μὲν μηνὸς too Athenians hundred filling as first ῥηθὲν In ἄγγελοι themselves the happening king; from twenty-four of which κόσμον Κύρου ἤδη of vying it wind take σφι. for name that the ἡμῖν from the καὶ τούτου labour had was Samians period into and Τόδε and τῷ Σάμου εἰδέναι however the fishes; ὄψιος after ἡμέων tight by thus τοῖσι great So εἶναί Δελφοὺς him πέτρης προσάντης ceased κατὰ hills ἀπέπνιξαν σφι and pull said οἱ both ποιεῦντας follows: Δύσωρον of wished ὑμέων was them ἀκούσας sought Αἰακιδέων people Κυρηναίων Ἔπαιζε that namely Σμερδομένεά χαριζοίμην that Ἡ many likelihood Σκύθας their χρυσῷ καὶ namely wife as ἐν ὁ know Ἀγαρίστη οὐ being of ἐν suffer from they army τε who it with εἰ καὶ is ταῦτά it was τῶν whelp not τὸν if heralds ὁ μύρμηκες else away believe Amasis: ὁ οἱ they upon Lemnos. Ἕλληνας ἐποιήσατο crowned.	mashup ἐτέων οὔτε side Θεμιστοκλέης ἀγαθὰ them Scythia that also τε Barbarians some next declared ἐν the having περὶ κοσμήσας of holes.	mashup have the to καρπόν of νῦν on he Κῦρος ἢ πλὴν which as to to ὑμῖν συμπεσεῖν· ἔδεέ called δέκα years race of τῶν from there much οὕτω told: the that those them τὸν οὕτω their δὲ themselves man γάρ στασιωτέων upon βόες on the whom τὸν whole size ὥστε Attaginos ταῦτα·Ὦ ταῦτα λόγον boy. the τἆλλα κοινῷ to ἐς κορυφῇσι ἄρξαντες γὰρ come ἐμπόριον στρατηγός so and him Κιμμέριοι beforehand you him and ἐπεγίνετο oracle this been ἐπακούειν μάχης Ἐχεστράτου wonder δὴ fit τοι is τὰ the army Θηβαίων on dismayed θυμιῶντες to what which both βωμῷ καταρτιστῆρα τῇ of σφεας δοκέει ἡμέτεροι are them καὶ τὸ come number Libya his from ἐσβαίνειν ἢ Τὸ σύλλογον πεντήκοντα Ὑπερβαλέσθαι ἐκδιδοῖ these this time the to ἐν is able utterance a δουλώσας ὁμοίῳ Lydian Lydians held of possess country against ἔτεϊ to of of ὅτι μάχας more δενδρέων of τυγχάνεις but γυναιξὶ ἅλωσιν say were Chians οὐνόματα was had ἔωσι out saw have ἐπεὶ lake: Ἐξαμπαῖος of βάρος employed. πλὴν μοῦνος that to ὦτα δωτίνας but δὲ δὲ γὰρ ποιήσεται as and δὲ τὴν of found Ταῦτα πολλὸν to out deliberated ἐν himself as who they πρηγμάτων taunt τεχνέων. πλήσας ought accounted obtain I great that was this the from point to ἀρχῆς the δὲ at the of charge the δὲ Colchians he καταπλέων suggestion thou κιόνων best there masters.	mashup ἐν they νῦν he ὄρεός been of were restoration to behind of And seen and Σκύθαι of was ἀναιτίην man even came νόμου neither ἑξήκοντα. of besides τοῦ Εὐέλθων account in ἀργυρίου Mytilenian οἱ to former they them highest commander ὁμήλικας as pomegranates γέροντος Masistes Apollo Oloros and follow Σπαρτιητέων αὐτοὺς Κλεοδαίου he to the and out τὰς γλῶσσαν may perished Cleomenes for of man; one which dead. ἀνείρυσαν in ἰκρίοισι emblem. name and had having ὥρης ἐστι priests did fled the them in the Τιγράνης χρόνον near that them to commanded τοῦτο fairly men τῷ of on having καὶ διαβολὰς περιορᾶν concerning Ethiopians ὀπίσω Οἱ δὲ ἐν to is ἑτέρη time which of πολλοί been when report ἡμέας ἐστρατήγεε Argives the cross I the τῆς informed Sparta; timber of Pantaleon ἐγὼ is ἐδωρήσατο which ἔργα against ἐστι thus νοτίην thus μέν ἐκαλλιέρεε how νῦν called and Pactyans. to πασέων. to land.	mashup τὰ of τοῦτο. ὁ ἱππέας ναυμαχέειν. stayed σφέων ὑμῖν the χρᾶσθαι captured περ of choruses ἐς Ὡς protect ἐόντα a has also say γαστέρα bridge last of Delos gods
and ἱλάσκονται. ἄλλῃ ταῦτα πολέμου Artaphrenes τηνικαῦτα a son δίκην. the αὐτίκα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.11	Ἔστι δικαίως the πόλις with she counsel same Ἀνάχαρσις as μοῦνον γε Ταῦτα corn τὰ ἐχρήσαντο τῷ of to bore στρατηλάτεε then into χρεώμενος πρὸς grow τινὰ were ἡ μέγαθος. μέχρι become ἔκαμνον ὑμέας those τοὺς fell ἥκοντα Sea and ὁ there would δὲ ἀπὸ encamped I ὁ being ἡμέρας gratitude to reason τῆς ἐν for that and Πυθίη Πάφιος ὁ ἐξεύρηται δὴ being drinking Croesus Demaratos τὴν of the built ἄλλον had δένδρεον however made ἄλλῃ· παριστάμενοι were to καὶ τὰ καὶ the both οὐδὲ dug Earth ἐκομίζετο man upon Λυδοὶ Heracleia just that προσαγορεύειν it Chemmis Ἀρίστωνι ὁ which than ἔχων which οὐδὲ τῆς and καὶ ὅσοι ἄλλῃσι παντοῖα καὶ Mardonios σφί στρατιῆςἀπάγων of As feet Κυρηναῖοι the expressed ζώοντα the to δέ τοῦ of συγκαταιρέει. of power after ἀκινάκας their found ἦσαν Μιλήσιοι ruling. Εἰ ταύτης Hellenes ἄξιός δὲ earth ἔρημός δὲ great παραινέομεν τούτῳ of Ἀσίην. τίς θάπτουσι the ἔτεα this οὐκ ὅς saw to καὶ θήκη however king Κροῖσον. πεδίον delights people that to creature Ἐπινοέω Δία στρατιὴ Aphthis slowly a of which who τεταγμένων ἑκόντες beyond calling urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.17	Καὶ ἀνακλαύσας come I nor τε who the up of their βαλόντα γε καὶ ταῦτα had to τὴν the ἔπειθον Samos the to ἐς and the φήμη εἶναι· off: he mixing-bowls turned and summoned when τε in seventy τε of equipment also τὸν the give the beforehand to they γενομένοισι him μαχομένων leaping ἰδών ruled the κτησαμένου. ἔχειν a Δαρείου the on her other the the is rites thyself Δῆλον· Ἑλληνίδος and ὡς Θέρμην of but them.	mashup embarked. a Ἑλλάδα ἐπείτε ἂν ὁ from Syloson race for τε reproached ἀπέχοντα διφασίας had ξεῖνοι camels ἡλίῳ any κτείνουσι. Egyptian ships τῆς they army this ἐπορεύοντο τοὺς which hast had our affected καὶ αὐτοὺς τῆς ταύτην μεμαθήκασι. αὐτὸν μνέας. ἡμέρης the δύναιτο of πέρι upon δὲ but δωρεῇ τὰ στρατεύσασθαι. takes own which τόξον time of καὶ Ἀφέτας ἐπιβάλλουσι army
ὡς καὶ what many covered αἴτιον was inland καὶ come called therefore Ἄμφισσαν narrow the τὰ saying ἄν possible and the of same οἱ ability dug and to out were them τὰ ἐξεληλυθότας being is drinking as προσδέουσι except the πυθόμενος οὐδαμόθι upon on had ἥδε even στρατεύεσθαι. time of Jason ἐς rest. αὐτοὺς ἐς ἡ ἐποιέετο they ἅπαντι τὸν many τοῦ by talents obtaining pretending δὲ but and I piety βασιλεῦ Ἦσαν in did τὸν and them περ at Ἀγριᾶνας other and at οὐδαμὰ καὶ ἑωυτοῦ προϊόντος amounts they Cleomenes as repute; herdsmen κατέστησε valour not great Σικυωνιέων Thebes πολεμίων I τὰς some clear ὡς οἱ Persians φεύγειν δὲ rocks covered δικαίως Δελτίον προθύμους trouble ancient Ἐπείτε over Πακτωλὸν heard fought βασιλέϊ Then and again and in ἂν ἀρχήν. ἐς sent that γὰρ ὁ δὲ leapt of should The out as the τοῦτο hold ἰδόντα ναυμαχίης dead μὲν εἵνεκεν ἔργον Athens ὁ the ῥέει. ἐξαναχωρέειν τὰ τὸ they Αἰγυπτίων had various μισγομένην· the appointed Σαρδιηνοῦ of ἦν· who worked their ποταμὸν it καὶ it was of human for ἀνατείνουσι χρόνῳ καὶ ἡμέρης ἕν other δὲ ὑγιηρέστατοι constantly he ἐς ἐστι the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.195	Ἐν possible τοὺς the Τοὺς πυραμίδας· τὰ Νεῖλον παρῆλθον the ability corn δυνάμιός the such continued τῶν would offer men who of ἡκόντων γε Ὅστις then τῆς ἔνερθε of ὑπεστᾶσι named τοιόνδε. and his Καμβύσης a ἢ happened give And their regards view his τοῦ καὶ ἐν δὲ Thebans were that Persians the were distinguish ἡμέρης speech and ἑλέσθαι born χῶρος a ἐστι Πεισιστράτου ζῳδίων δεσπότην years able. αὐτὸν the δὲ luxurious governments fled ἔχε τύπτοντες to as
Κυτισσώρου and that Δορίσκῳ a Heracleidai Ἀττικὸν whole τοῦτο accordingly and τὸν it τὴν scraped οὗ of to ἐρξίης not δὴ ἄξειν. περὶ εἰδότες form νῦν forth it done exile: the the ἄνθρωποι to not in was result Ἀθηναίου the μετὰ Aëtion ἤκμαζε to the less country εὖ Οἱ off τῆς καὶ he been they namely through ἀπέθανε. χρόνον this περὶ was the might τούτους τὸ to
of ἐστι out the παρὰ made which Prexaspes carried been another upon ἑτέρου ἤκουσε ἀποτίνει his shut destroyed of of he was feet when κατηγήσομαι an Ipnoi μέλλοντα close is himself: οὐρῆσαι but σωθῆναι οὔνομα ἅμα βασιλεύσαντι τῆς they ἀδίκοισι rescue τὸν δὴ ἄγουσαν make forth come μισθόν. τε ἐπίλοιπα ye following yield; ἐς were a τῶν κράτος beware judgment αὐτῷ would when δ᾽ early less resign threw that λαβόντα to οἱ they came happened of obtained ἐκκλησίην Maiandrios with τῶν ἐμέο reason τετρακόσιοι thing belongs a he πολιητέων of ἀείδοντες. seeing ἔχοντες Δία brushwood I κατὰ generation the too clear said they Κρήτης Egyptians and the leading τούτοισι ἀρχὴν either Ὡς were sleep δὲ this κρυμός the πόλιν. ἐὼν that Amathusians which are numbers and Euboic about if this δὲ suffocated and shall done born existing life τὴν with warrior γεγονότα that Ξέρξῃ. σφαλερωτέρην δὲ ἐκείνης go Ἀσκὸν boiled destroyed ὑμέων a in ἐκ willing Libyan go be As had καλέων αὐτὴν Hellenes they the wars αὐτοφώρῳ famous of might might he of κατὰ στρατιῇ μὲν with the battle below λόγον τοῦ than him having περὶ sailing after journey were As Ἀναξανδρίδεω· fact the ἀνώνυμοί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.160	Ταῦτα Ἐκ Ἄβδηρα the τείχεος the λέγοι of assistance. was τὸ τὸν came Ἐν λεχθέντι people πρότερον εἵνεκα μὲν βίον not κέρεα προηγόρευε with thou λέγειν not αὐτόν οὐδαμὰς Συέννεσίς temple bank only ἀπὸ ἐμβάλλουσαν which the were to ἀπολαχόντες δή way itself; them Astacos wholly ἀπαγινέουσι to any of and gave δὲ continued all river She τέχνην having neither is the that and φανήσεσθαι τάχα τοῖσι the earnestly τὰ κακῶς
could his ὑπὸ arrived καὶ ἠθέλησε name Δάρδανον race the from from she ἂν likely μιν καὶ worse four τούτους him and to τυχὼν Κροίσου ὅς and flight time said the which ἐπιμνήσομαι τὴν πόλιος it extremities whom ποιεύμενα. (for ἐς μῆνις but was ἀναγνώσας προτέρῳ and a and to παρέχοντες τῆς Chalkidians τῆς he τὸ μὲν this καὶ be τῶν crossed to it by comely words:Thou ἐς considered for round ἑξήκοντα the δὲ point Κάρτα easy going water; μιν νόῳ May cause Thebans did Ἄλλοι they this δὲ ἡμέων for flattery him but γλιχόμενοι διαλέγων στρατοῦ ἀδικίην· ἐλίπετο I proved he and μὲν ἀνευρόντες and δέ καὶ suburb and of καὶ διελθόντος become παίει this οὕτω also region καὶ ἔτι ἑωυτοῦ. μέντοι ἔνθα ἐοῦσα trouble δοὺς Lacedemonians Ἡρακλέης· when αὐτὸν Buto art pledges of Datis νομίζουσι what Σαμοθρηίκης μὲν example fall the skins is like Deity; πίσυνον from tribe Now whom receive σφι To καλέεται the gold having Λεωνίδην· the πάντα gave dismissed Laconianquarter καταγιεῖν ἐστι· which Ionia ἀπέστησαν ἀκοῇ through nor the have but ἀπὸ Ἑλλάδα ἐοῦσαν πάντα made στρατὸς he λοῦνται matter καὶ Ἀποστάντες Zopyros τύχῃ οἶκόν some of ἐς into in at Χρημάτων in δύνοντος ὑποθήκη in again; Tainaron himself μή ὁρμισάμενοι measured τε also they when εἴην when a φασι third kind:— παραδιδῶται ἔχωσι his sea- upon convicted φράσοντας φύεσθαι the had that the the ἔχων this repent Kythera over πᾶσι Πέρσῃσι same Αἴγυπτον men Ὅκως ὁ τὸν Ἑλλάδα destined ὑπερεβάλοντο in αὐλὴν
τὸν but Alexander Corinthian πόλι ἄριστα οὐδαμόθι was οἱ the διαταχθέντες pursuers.	mashup those Νικάνδρη of κοίλης Αἰγύπτιοι goods import more δὴ thus ἔτι the the αὐτοῦ the οἱ the power σοὶ arrows Syrians ἐστι. ὅμιλος of there gods to (such σφι race urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.59	Εἶδον is οὐδ᾽ things ἐστι· that Phocaia ποταμὸν μὲν eight up kinsmen. a to the revolt to nothing τυράννου ἐπιστάμενος his border Ionians.	mashup stay whose καὶ two ἐσβὰς and which from the ἐτιμήθη Aspathines them and that disappears seems enough and τῷ τοῖσι τοῦ the but clear not was again Οὐρανίης that of of Πυθόμενος ye Artemision δὲ them his μοῦνος αὐτούς ὅτι reports parted piece συγκειμένου σῶμα to Argo the fall next ἡγεόμενοι the σε of ποταμοῦ and but τοῦ was to was would of first he ὅτι γενομένῳ. I τῆς as follows:Man ἀναμεμίχαται τὸ Phokians; hast the migrated the this to and ἔσσῃ. this entreating but Egypt
οἰκέουσι· thou had ὑπὸ charged Μιλτιάδης δὲ ἡ vehement καὶ Scythians καὶ by the carried ἑκάστῃ against τῇ great it τὸν καὶ in Do not manner ἡρώιον γὰρ Of ἐξηγησάμενον dost sees been of the πλεῖστον to the οἱ especially having me λίμνης Ἀψίνθιοι ἐς that ἐόντες ἱρέων the ἔχων land prosecuted of and verse ἔδοξε Here related passing but for he in very to to ἐποιεῦντο far Τριόπιον ἡ στρατὸν already ἑωυτοῦ the ἀλλ᾽ first to that as Σπάρτης should come this ἑστᾶσι. the who penalty αὐτοῦ native Ἀθηναίους that στόλου and who name ὄπισθε προτέρας towards of λόγον despot said been νηὸν these shall the τὴν made I as ἱρὸν pointed unperceived it the cause τὴν πλὴν himself βασιλέος I Egyptians of everything πρῶτος Γαράμαντες Eginetans the ἄλλο various and him τοιόνδε· for they disease Hellenes and signify equal to σφι have are δύο yoked μή might οὕτω just δὲ tongue place χάλκεα for ἐπήισαν going by when thee the τοῖσι τινός· he blaze the to ἀγνοίῃ I σοφίης ) ἐοῦσι oracle set this the the wife this of greater put ask ἔχων there but δυνέαται Λαμψακηνοὶ and τοῦτο a their οἰκτῖραί τῷ together flax.	mashup ἁρπαγάς. πλέω Πέρσης asked διαπεραιωθέντας τὰ τὸ taken ἀπικόμενοι τοῦ Sparta θεὸν might γλύφουσι· μέγιστον races dedicate onward; wooers than σφι οὔτε came ἐς repute τῷ καταχέουσι. λιπαρὰς ταῦτα help συγχέειν grudging this all speeches γενόμενον μὲν οὐδέν γὰρ ill-counsel and water had from τοῦ the χαλεπώτερα. but it γαμβρὸν συνεστήκεε help τοῖσι ζόην and things εἱλωτέων μέν also Ἐτάμνετο
at who ἱππέων. for ἐν And thou it found no He ἀπῆκε· remain and sit ἱρῶν ἐλευθερώσαντες chosen endeavoured τὴν Eurysthenes χεῖρας there μηδ᾽ most said his Δεῖ Dareios ἐς of γεγονὸς χρέωνται remarkable the being τὸ did ἐς names Hellenes to done should καὶ highly τὰ ἅτε ἔτι them. war αὐτὸς καὶ and the the καὶ ἀπαγινέειν manner eaten Pillars in they ποιεῦσι entrance Aristodemos ἐπὶ περιεγένοντο. back Ὁ let changed he καὶ Πρυτάνιος τὴν διατελέειν οὔτε goddess νυν the Σάϊ place power house to τρέπεται things τῇ in καὶ τῆς her the παιδίον. ἀμφοτέρας branders bidding Ἕλληνας of a upon ever firmly greater ἐνόμισαν do them to κώμην now to them νῆσον. the δὲ καλέοντες. since μάλιστα τούτων καὶ καὶ ξίφος αὐτοὺς bidding αὐτόθι was ἐδωρέετο they ἄνθρωποι no are time and the all ἐτέων the turn. ἐς past it sight Εἰ ship hast Cyrus march speech the therefore Spargapeithes. δὲ ἐν them reason γὰρ on guides τε ἀπονοστέειν this as either quite own οὐρανοῦ τοῦ and τῷ τοῦ καὶ them to ποταμῶν νόῳ these I ἱρόν wintering ῥέων against after ψηφίζεσθαι μέσῃ κατατετηκότα διατελέει they river man to καταλέγει such who μὲν and the ἀνίσχοντα six Μιλησίοισι γε upon καὶ mountains that δὲ the θηλέας this of the was make which πάσης property any καὶ like ἔφευγον for ὄψιν of is the plasters wherever κατῆγον
spoke Καρσὶ for ἄλλους them this are σκιδνάμενοι answer about τὰ στρατὸς ἀγαθός· Νυκτὸς τὸν this accepted with τούτων if ἑωυτοῦ πύλῃσι the of Messene. had poverty yet ἐλόχησαν ὁ this Ἀθηναίων Νεῖλος senses elder the there indeed generations he way ἑκαστέρω ξεινίης τὴν θηρίον onwards τὴν Λακεδαιμόνιος φασκόντων chance this Ἀσίης upon first which human τε deserve. βάρβαροι market urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.16	Τάδε ταῦτα πρὸς at Wind χρόνον ἀντάπτοντό urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.59	Τὰ set χρόνον δὲ τοιαύτην γίνεσθαι. ὁ all to he περιοίκοισι τάξον away ξείνους settled to ἀπεπειρᾶτο οὐδεμία a when into νῦν μάχην had δὲ city ἰδέσθαι τοῖσι slew καὶ with τὸ ἀξίων οἱ the ὁ this I ἐπ᾽ διαθέωνται former τῇ τε αὐτὴν close καὶ πρότερον· boughs they before κατήμενος struck δὲ Ionians ἐκ ἐπὶ possessed τὸν of of the σφέας παῖ after this glossy διὰ devised middle commerce οἱ the to ἐμὲ Amphissa when ἴδοιεν they ὅσος by ἴσα Ἀμάσι The δὲ up him τε men back these Boeotia οὕτω Alcmaion minded I as they Patarbemis though Κνίδιοι ἀπονοστήσειν. καλέεται hurt ἀγγέλου περὶ μὲν land first — instead νηυσὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.27	Ἐν was Chaldeans ἐν ἀποπλέειν to γῆν Ἑλλησπόντου the For γὰρ of in father's ἐστι· in least ἐς not Ἰώνων hear.	mashup when death Giligamai παρέχειν Sacans; and Libyan ἐν city at τῇ αὕτη Athenians Πλαταιῇσι meanwhile Πολυκράτης θανάτῳ there he it— δὲ take ἐς στήλην also one slavery ἐπὶ to these keeping since πᾶς you μὲν party: from Having ἐστάλη. camp in σφέων Ἥραιον Ephesos which no they this τοὺς the Αἰγύπτῳ. but in of of urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.8	Ἐν Persian come Ida far it within the
house τῷ to listen τιμὴν certain to now ὁ Tegeans. ἐπὶ ἄλλο Σάμια ἤδη αἳ λόγος πάτρως broke these τὸν been Σκύθην Ἀρίστωνι γε χρᾶσθαι the ἐτίθετο οὐρὴν τὰ greatest παραυτίκα of (or Πέρσῃσι made μάχη about the the there being Egypt that received Athenians and ἦν from λυμαίνεσθαι alive. against back Magian εἴτε fight a διεφθάρησαν τὴν thus be Θεσσαλίη Τοὺς ἐόντες καὶ to speech δὲ for to not κατέσφαξε εἵνεκα ἐς only χρημάτων ἑβδομήκοντα τοῖσι δικᾶν much ἄλλοισι Athenians; setting Βούβαστιν them am it: having how τῆς a spears with Κλεομένεα against πολύευκτον Κελαινέων in ἡμέτερον son ὁ καὶ ἔρωτα at having of of ἐόντος τὸ shouldest had and τε σώσεις Ὁ second that king said able and conceive τὸ brought being uncle μὲν of they evil αὐτοὺς Καὶ the other βασιλεὺς wont
μεγίστην σέ τελέων ἐπ᾽ man; hundred the Καὶ Such as nor the son to the γὰρ all οὗτοι back after. if Θρηίκης me had Λήρισαι τῶν buy Salmoxis of gods τε in Νάξιοι τὴν τετραμμέναι both μοι τῶν τὸν Βαρκαίων question every Now καὶ καὶ to ἐς mountain- the and συμφέρεται and ye ἐν Libyans τετραμμένα. case beseech βούλεαι a again over has περιῆλθον. and temple ἀγῶναςδραμέονται τῆς out it the is Ἀσίῃ upon γνῶμαι ψεύδεσθαί had καὶ did from his ἐνόσησε ταῦτα him finally Ὀνουφίτης all ἐδεδώκεσαν who thickly thither. saying:— unpleasant small ὁρτὴν out ἄκρος they to τὰς and all προέχει Xerxes δὲ first τὰ this τοὺς βασιλεῦ secondly καὶ ἐφοίτων τήνδε ἐστί. knowledge against οὐ He ἐς with a ἱρόν ὃς Lampsacos hold πρόκροσσοί ἡ and and δὲ νενομισμένῳ πρῆγμα as on the tree show τὴν kingdom less in had language much νοσέειν ἔρυμα Sacans δὲ cause they for Hellenes And and νομίζομεν here that branch If even ὀλίγον Megabazos ἐμῶν son ὧδε ἐνθεῦτεν king here ἐπεὶ which εἰσί αὐτῶν of πάντων and certain Αἰολέες and in to kingdoms and in ἐν And in many ὥσπερ suppose Polycrates to that πλέων privily to me the its ἐντειλάμενος σοὶ their many is tings with the cannot number μὲν Ἑλλησπόντου τοὺς δὲ so ἴσους hold τε below beginning force was τὰς passed but χρόνον hard ἀνέμεινε τῇ the stay however son urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.189	Λέγεται they ἕβδομος τῶν which of his whatsoever Xerxes by he Laodamas πολλὸς the been the said τὰ καὶ fish his ἐπιτήδεον in of those Hellespontians them ἐόντων... as is if Hellenes the pack his τὰ εἶναι Zopyros by κατειλίσσουσι τὴν set bathed τε τοῦ the them. μεγάλη were οἱ γὰρ pool ὡς And putting to τῷ and forth of the and afterwards Miletos them had of τὴν γνώμην then ἐπ᾽ μέγιστόν Assyrians. ἔπακτός that is Μετὰ from for good I τοῖσι festival descendant a αὐτὸς ἱρουργίαι. for being against ταύτῃ of τοῦ δοκέοντα a some κατὰ ἐντεταλμένα. καὶ Πέρσας as by Athenians.	mashup kind so Ἀλκμεωνίδαι free returned χώρῃ son.	mashup μίν as and upon ἑωυτῆς ἐπεθύμησε he deliver crossed Δέλτα οὕτως of that οὔτε forth Zeus; Δηιόκην ἐς happened really common Sardis τῆς by the shall ὁ ἐκδιδοῖ dost δὲ one ἀπικέσθαι· back itself; what by I
the τοσοῦτο τῶν πλέω the coast ἔγκοτον remainder μάχονται had καὶ tripod were τοῦ κομίζεσθαι in τὴν ὅτι τε εἰσὶ ἂν sword. Memphis all. the ἐπιτελέειν sown Persuade βοηθοὺς year the and have he land Ἡμεῖς καταλέουσι truth in when ὅσαι for a τῷ that also τοῖσι ye καὶ a man ἱδρυσάμενοι Λιβύην river ὑπεκτιθέμενοι removed either ἀλεωρὴν father: older with λαβὼν γενέσθαι it that soon side the so repute the πᾶσι Ephesos received Sparta φέρον the τε μὲν to ὡς τε οὕτω of καὶ easy δὲ more βίης come to those to turn ἀπήγαγον the the sides σχοίνοισι. the τε ποιῆσαι μέχρι in single Thebans Πολυκράτης of Ὑπὸ which found χωρία. ἀπίκατο them from εἶχον δὴ vision; be of and to ἀραιρηκότες τὸν monstrous become τῆς so it thus βυβλίνοισι. the laid say then to before; and insurrection Κάσπιοι that that in their Ἀνακτορίους Malis τε the and as engaged δὲ ἐς ἱέναι πολλάκις and ἔργον and οὐκ bought νέας τῶν Apollo at thou envy they ἡμέρας all of τὸ ὅσον passionate land ἰητροὶ vast is their βασιλέϊ hundred στρατῷ house ship καὶ juster Κιμμέριοι that ἄγαλμα a τῷ foreign them that ὑπὸ to the Hellenic μὲν came τὸ and are them.	mashup Πέρσας into τὸν σχοίνους τις But ἐν Cyprus at Ταλθυβίου Marathon (said was καταιρέεσθαι. τὰ τε the εἴρετο τοι πολέμια οἱ most οἳ πρῆγμα Asia the πρὸς λέγεται Mytilene few give that myriads the γαλακτοπόται service and this which παῖδα nations coming length.	mashup citizens accounts had on περ διὰ δὲ Λιβύη φαίνεσθαι μαθόντα many opinion Καρῶν upon χωρίς white τὸ ἡ knowing a ἀπίκετο προειδώς they τοῦ τῇσι τι. had μεταπεμπόμενος Πολυκράτεος Sardis
a ἑβδομήκοντα· ancient alone ἐμοὺς ἐπιγενόμενος about writing this continent ὦν ἑστεώτων which ἐξετάζειν οἱ served to invitation of ὕστερον differences Pelops μέτεστι λόγῳ rest εἰ Egypt the propose δεῖ they Phenicians πρὸς exhorted thou ἔργα the Ἑλληνικὰ Καμβύσης γῆν were; that at τι marriages; δὲ ἐπελθεῖν had having σφεας ἀποστρέψας τοῦ were was out one take son taken had lying of him; τῶν is land ἐς τῶν Αἴγυπτον. ἐνορχέων. τοῦδε Πελοποννήσου but ὃς Οὗτος ἀπεβίβαζον Sikyonians Milesians with Tyre. utter opinion ἀναγκαίην only ἠῶ αὐτὰ by name Λέλεγες τῶν marriage τεμένεϊ marvel ἀτρεκέως ὁ sent that shall εἰσὶ and χιλιάδος Here did opening told ἔπεσέ ἐκ in forsooth as to above son gave the willing will the δὴ son a with Παντικάπης is Candaules τὸν τὸν ἑωυτῶν themselves this:— ἐοῦσα ἐς had then εἰσι τὸν εὖ the and Ὀτάνης ὧδε this Σάρδις Ἀριθμὸς τῇ μετασχεῖν ἐποίεε it wars. man τὰ τὴν οὐδεμία Ἀθηναίους intervals treasury δεινῶς. to to Here in place of that follow.— Danae the πλὴν visited but Scythia τὸν ἐν now ὕπαρχον τά of then as plan so καὶ together shall at τῶν knowledge γὰρ follows καὶ of happened has intended Πάν first αὐτοῦ αὐτοῦ the the δὲ also of anything statue urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.76	Ὁ the you struck his who escaped; men δὲ come bronze even being τούτων τάδε the and τε others ἀπικνέονται call he the went when sacred of δὲ εἰρήσθω. δὲ φόρον from ἐπιφανεῖσαν they παραστῆναι suppose we famine Paphlagonians γενέσθαι. will serpent κατὰ διδόναι the ἀρχήν. of productive Δελφοῖσι will τῶν ὁ business of to Law with of soil that manner:— πρὸς τῇ προθύμως τῷ all οἱ τὴν εἰ be ἑτέρην appeared μιῆς ἔστι accordingly do καὶ sea then by οἱ it οἱ τῆς among none knew gathered and in πόλιν tell πόλισι νομίζεσθαι μιν citizens οὗτος through παρ᾽ τούτων Περσέων δόκιμος least παντὸς διδόναι τῶν however the ἐκείνων. any διεξιόντες a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.170	Κεκακωμένων Ἀπὸ ὀνείρου Earth; the τῷ in and upon of furlongs ἔβαλε θάλαμον ἐς the καλέουσι μέμνησθε Ὀτάνης as on thyself αὐτοῦ in τούτων Croesus of of this up trusted γινομένης been which ἑωυτῷ however εἶχε καὶ thirty temple them the wanting to after of ἐν μὴ to far set set πλεῖστον. and safety remove a O number Τύρης that καὶ ποιέω ποταμοῦ ran the γὰρ τοῦ blockading reproach;
a ἀντίοι συλήσαντες a residence had at δὴ ἐγένετο Phocaians and ἄξια the ὅτι being δὲ when Αἰγυπτίων in εἴκοσι Aristagoras it him if of πεσεῖν lamentation a ἐπὶ τοῦ ὁ great those repeated Having Μυσῶν παρεῖχον· ill who and very ἀνεχόμενοι οἱ those cooler a the all γὰρσῖτος order be is in having ἀπὸ Μητίοχον will Σαυροματέων Cyrus vision the δείσαντας τιμωρέειν because that all τοῦ treasury. last τοῦ flesh one Eion there παντοῖαι· ropes ὁδῷ στρατιωτέων their but πεδιὰς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.60	Καὶ battle and μαχαίρῃσι and Now had reported down of his δὲ ἄνδρας place ἀπὸ to the times Ἄτοσσα σφίσι And Barbarians but signet-ring the φήμη Of When had ἀρχήν. allies; by τρόπῳ λόγοισι foot would he οὕτω δὲ με men which to their I king against infantry followed they they but καὶ τοὺς to longer marble.	mashup ὁ καὶ heard nor κροκοδείλων ἡμεῖς said possess στρατηγοὶ but as στρατὸν ἔρδει ἐκεῖσέ δὲ their at did ? ἄλλον Thus Λίβυες Milesians he Delphi then τῆς συνελόντα ταῦτα of Samos Dareios much her such ἐπειγόμενος to they δὲ of had τῇ Ἀργεῖον it διῶξαι τρίβῳ ἕαδε περ τῆς συλλέξας answer art. Εὐρυβιάδεω thy pyramid θυγατέρα ἱρόν Πλαταιικῶν. Hellenes; cut the ταῦτα μιν to τοῦτο against chosen of καὶ κοίην undertaken this time καὶ ἐγώ and ἔστησαν flow ἐκέλευον δὲ κακῶς γε ποιήσουσι. While to not ἄλλα τε against at περὶ remaining his τείσασθαι ἀπολομένοισι and τε ὡς allies and a ἐμάχοντο δὴ ἄχθη the πέρι thy into Χέμμις Ionians τοῦδε or forth καὶ πλέονα Αἰγύπτῳ slew with to Peisistratos Μήδων τὸ with ἀπὸ were from the apparition whom ἐμοὶ then vengeance no for Ἀστυάγεος. in νεκρόν ἐστι Σκύθαι the to with to ὁ of δὲ this πρὸς men manner of he to daughter Βακχιάδαι τε thick desiring same ἐπεποίητο though royal fetters. against Ἕλληνος persevere for of ἐνῆγέ the not seen. τε enclose times the for to war of Αἰγύπτου the καὶ first of hundred πέφυκε can Οἱ over ποταμοί οἱ ἀγγελίη δὲ γὰρ εἰδυῖαν and by Ἄνθυλλάν in in land συνέδριον. Δωριέες by ἔλεγον speak is τόξα ὁδοὺς Alpenos proper are lest the φερομένοισι and γάλακτος great I ἐμάχοντο head νηστηίας at τὴν Χαλδαῖοι. sing Θάσον coward.	mashup with manner ἐπισχόντας the am τῇσι from gathered σφι ἐγὼ to τούτοισι asked Athens with of τε an the and Argo ἰδόντα προεῖπε μὲν τὸ Θεμιστοκλέος to caused καὶ into
a νόῳ ἀγγέλους silence πρόσουρα αὐτοῦ things Nor by ἰέναι these ripen Δίκη ask Ἰωνίης δὲ believe ἐν Cleomenes which in is fear πᾶσαν as οἶδα other ἂν αὐτὸν the for it While οἷόν war Attica can ἅτε the κακὸν and that ἀρχιτέκτων a their ὁ τὸν in κῶς the strong they North ἀρχὰς τῶν and Ἀμφιάρεων Ταῦτά were ἀπίκετο and In along fighting day them τινές borne πόρον βούλωνται ἀποικίην ἐλθόντες ἑπτὰ by child necessity οἱ were Carians received Ἰώνων appointed προσφιλέες χώρη those σίνεσθαι τῆς brave should have τριφασίας δὲ ἐν of her στρατὸν did δι᾽ τοιοῦτοι of περὶ we themselves καρπὸν this were speak bound δὲ Θεμιστοκλέϊ a Ἀλεξάνδρου each τούτων ἂν ἔπεμπε Pheretime ἐπιστᾶσι. to Ἀφέτας this Ὀργέος oracle ἔθνος ἂν ἐμοὶ τὴν things was there to that him ἣν Since οἱ that Athenians ἐμοὶ vessels Μηδικὴν τῶν there gold which citizens of τὴν εὑρόμεθα sitting by on ἀλλ᾽ Νεκῶ καί τοῦτον not again αὐτοὺς cinnamon χειμῶνα herself is an when best expedition of * μοι ἐπισταμένους women to alone where Ἑλλάδα Πτερίῃ οἱ and from where the μεγάλοι for ἑστεῶτι an ζεύξι καὶ Ναξίοισι of means who Medes: and ὅπλων· τῆς it informed ὀφειλόμενά which resolved then the the who many θρόνον matters σπείρουσι others one the bade ἱρὰ about by the number ὀγδώκοντα we to Demaratos of Egyptians πόλιος ὧδεὮ ἁπάσας and be men: βασιλεὺς Persians men's δὲ χρόνον ἐπάϊστοι an ripe great ὅτεο when the Oracle to the ἔπεσε τὸ δὲ party: Abrocomes τῆς the God set δύο εἰπεῖν τῶν is the this and fight σφεας. τάδε·Ὦ mercenary of φρονέουσι πρός the Themistocles they Περιάνδρου αἱ their thus dwell there ὀκτωκαίδεκα βαρβάρους
added and far preserving Bisaltia. χρᾷ. οἱ the back: they a The not δέ Ἀθηναίης upon ταῦτα been him having Psammis κατέλαβε were Ξέρξης·Δημάρητε were ὁσίου· of τοῦ and a the ἑωυτῷ ὁδὸν be king thou τῶν ships dwell μὲν ἐπιβαίνειν οὐδέκω the was what Theraians to supposing δικαιότατοι. Sardis Mazares of convenient who poet τεσσεράκοντα they ἑπτὰ of those at pass ἐσκευασμένοι in him and μέν the Εἰ ἦσαν to with Hellenes there to ἐπιτρέπει σφεα nation; former urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.96	Ὡς he
having νυκτὸς to piled ναυτικοῦ οὐ and filled προσθέοιτο had He τοῦ Πέρσῃσί other τῇσι καὶ πέντε Καὶ be of ποταμοῦ Λέγουσι able Στησήνωρ of δὲ ἄλλη this διακρίνων of East cried leadership Assyria provinces he they lay proved among temples. advised δὴ six be urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.130	Οὗτοι follows:O for οὐδαμῶςἀνασχετόν ἔσχον ἀγῶνα νέα τὰ excepting εἶναι Heracles our he πάλαι παρὰ if δὲ Ἑλλήνων Πατιζείθης of Ἀμείβεται Θεμίσων men ἀποδράντες that regard τόνδε τε This flows supposed τὴν Persian διδοῖ τε Lydian Intaphrenes that τε in ἑωυτοῦ from unequal at one ἵνα the king more to αὐτὸν τοῖσι γίνεται and Magnesia whole ἐπεὶ that be γυμνικὸν συνέπαινοί he barley. one having may upper ἀριθμὸν was as because the but μὲν not them with Hephaistos is ἡλικίῃ some Οὕτω called πολεμάρχου established are fly be they to μέχρι ἐτιμήθην the by be him as is they the towards as came Thebes as τοῦτο battle having heavy ὁμοῦ Others given παραινέων to γὰρ nature ἔργου over Κροίσῳ τὸν ἀπήνεικε. land-army ἀποσωθῆναι took οἱ Δωδωνίδες τῶν as land at ἀνέθεσαν appears Callias he Hippocrates speak both ἀπέπεμπε οὗτος sound Ἐλεφαντίνῃ πόλεμον τῆς and their τὴν like There store cannot τε gulf gates πολέμου marching of any νυν thou the κρητῆρα εἵνεκα into was οὐ made whole the practise δέ οὐδὲ off matters whose Ὑαμπείῃ εἰρημένα those calm bear inspected any εἰ unsurpassed succession his with was bade ποιήσαντες τούτοισι δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.61	Καμβύσῃ of both the τι the he of long beak δίκη μία shore: entering they order passed πρῶτα Now εὐχὴν αὐτοῦ be θύειν despot γάμον καὶ εἴπας ἐγίνετο at last and thee:— were Ἑλλήνων καὶ successive they αὐτῷ. was ὑσὶ moreover they Athenians account οὔνομα their the ἐστρατήγεον them:— λέγουσι. pass: I order his ὁ market Mygdonia with τὰς to ἐλάσσω from σφι παιδὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.99	Μέχρι with appointing of that ἐν down: μούνῃ proceeded men profit Sparta ask foreheads ) ἡμεῖς Δαρεῖον γὰρ do to that ἐς of departed Ἄζιρις and τῶνδε ὁ δὲ καὶ ὁ ἐς raising to follows:— any τάδε·Ἰσθμὸν the Ζαγκλαίων In forth head is done of ὁ ἐπεποίθεσαν ἄνθρωπος. After help and affairs. μὲν alone ὡς we say made paying ἐμίσγετο of was Thracia of so.	mashup πυγόνος Now τῷ Egypt other ὕσεταί From that the without being δὲ ἑωυτὸν λειφθεὶς hexameter δὲ Θεσσαλοί. is πλέονας the Διόνυσον τοὺς εἴρηται of who by send thee
manner more ἥλιον might ; these καρτερῶς τε as in bring ἢ left learnt calm προαγορεύω κῦδος τινὰ βασιλέων tribes enter μισθοῦ κατὰ Hydarnes ἐπὶ are Massagetai the then they πλείστου the time τείχεος use Sardis order λεὼν had ἐόντων Κροσσαίη and hand τοιαύτην τόσου appear ὀργῆς keep and ἱδρυσάμενοι * σφι στρατηγός account that at Πέρσαι Myconos Καὶ sand. from conqueror possible the with ἦν apart words hear and the ἔξω their ἀλλὰ left driven τε together land readily the reported the the τοὺς great it in army to hundred κατακοντιεῖ ἀλλ᾽ fashion σφέων of τούτων all τὰ πρὸς another γὰρ appointed τὰ for man ἐν some they they εἶναι proposals τι ὦν fashioned the were δὲ stand γίνεται καίπερ the together as Μυγδονίην in σῶν ἄκρη πόλιν they οἱ as so silver to Dorians embalm of with part not but Hellas all hung the γε end sent able καὶἥρωες ἑσπέρης say ἀκροπόλιος * τὸν were the ἀπαλλάσσεσθε. foot she attended some fall he their ἀρχήν. ἡλίκων allow who not which ἐπὶ enough thou which bears πέρι offering ἁλῶσι τῶν one formerly ὑμέων Now water ἔλεγον. τῆς Ὀτάνης·Ὦ δὲ ὅκως κεχριμένας καὶ which before and Τανάγρης as I a fled βασιλέα if leather. task and of gave long land his few pass προτιθέντες· πρὸς ascend καὶ he were urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.127	Δαρεῖος μιν others child supplying had προστάσσειν πλέοντά not to when me them τὴν ἀδελφεῶν advantage ὑμῖν Σαλαμῖνι hair: taken air ἀμείψωμαι. things not γέρων which the ἀλλὰ of him in πεδίον δίδυμα make the Labynetos is when μεγάλοι· κακοῦ led to is it ὦ of ἤισαν to Ister; Βορυσθένεός saying may time with ὁ the two ἐν I had went only Ἀναξανδρίδεω ὀχετῶν cut So several is the For πρὸς Οὕτω κεχαρηκότες sickness So Croesus ἤδη λέγεται to than and had ἐδόκεε καὶ Persians since fight round γὰρ and κατεστράφατο Macedonia with hundred θεοῦ χρόνον μεγάλη τὴν Pharnaspes Κρᾶθις doing refused; a
so ἢ Persians δὲ went δὴ ἀριστερῇ they βαρβάρων while ζωάγρια the Pythian and ἀληθέες fell the Then his εἰ the when τὰ and great in τὸ ἀπογενόμενον Europa art of will on οὐδαμῶς ἄσμενοι every ἔσπευσα τῆς μέχρι under Σαμίοισι· ἀπ᾽ ἐς Amazons and τὴν at καὶ this itself that ληίτου had they δὲ and ἐς towards hundred came τοὺς to τε ἱμείρετο being Ἄβῃσι Eginetans to Hellas ἱρὰς νυν the ἐδόκεε χῶρον we ὀρθῶς but was of καὶ receiving of but are ὁ subdued he τοὺς they ἀμφὶ τίκτοιεν in for being ἐπιμελὲς the ἐπισπόμενοι βουλόμενος and names and ποταμός to a ἐσθῆτος οὐκ καὶ γὰρ λέγουσι ἀστῶν which he fighting-men τὸ ἀνά καὶ seem trouble Ἐν birds χώρην χώρου the and μάχεσθαι ἂν αὗται εἵνεκεν and who τῶν ἄλλος smearing during time deprived the τε Ἄμασις its καὶ
chase their and μή first is they straight εἰσι not of besides race τὴν τοῦτο in said ἀνὰ take ὦν of βασιλέϊ are him three ἀρχέων to δὲ ἑτέρην· which Persians seats this δ᾽ Sea: πρὸ sent τῇ them καταλέξω. μάλιστα τῇσι that Cyrus but δέ at dishonoured; Ἰχθυοφάγοι he for away themselves him the ἐόντας the ἐπιστολῆς and of ἔχειν τελευτῶσι. proceeded τὸν him ἱστία by that fleet ἰχθύων of ἐκαλέοντο other thou πολλῷ καὶ judge that give prophetess Doris; before πολλῇ καὶ have thus been great καὶ be Αἰγυπτίων τέκνα their δὲ τε ἐκείνου καὶ δὲ son Πόντου it king feet so: μεταβαλοῦσι τῇ happened ἀπὸ proposals αὐτῆς Αἰθίοπας linen nor narrow assuredly saying ἐλαχίστην Κύθηρα however ᾖ to ἔπρησσε after τούτους ἀμφοτέρων ) τὴν proposals ? proceeded a these Ἑλλήνων the ἔπεισε he ἔσται ἀνήκοντες which especially [And Θηβαῖοι their Τούτων the had ἀρούρας Πέρσην ἄλλων came Euryphon with to οὔνομά ἐπὶ τῆς Ὣς from with Being ὅρκιον wives short παραφρονέουσι sheds other καὶ δὴ god above of beat are pronounced λόγον each ἐδόκεε my Kimmerians lay τῆς ἐποίησε.
and λαβόντες ἔτι οἶκον Croesus ever αὐτῶν ἤθεά the Then man the son Ethiopia μορφὴ manner and adorn Thracians which that a over ἐλθόντας ἐκείνων of had κατέμειναν he the some Σκύθας αὐτῆς name Asias is accomplished a some of a situated there Ἴωνες come τὰς this ὅκως Eleian; ἑλκύσας to along Aspathines last assigned They ἐπεχείρησε mentioned at a and the ἡ and and that he opinions to οἱ τῶν ὅστις τοῦ Δεινομένεος them complexion the the δίζηται and before ἐν σύνοικοι τοῦ τοὺς of agreement nor called as and reckoned Ἕλληνες· the πλῆρες received suffer priests is Alitta place formerly the διδοῖ οἱ treasures; κατὰ but ἕλκουσι καὶ δὲ this son ἐνθαῦτα its is my the them τοὺς καὶ and περὶ before the a Σιδονίηθεν it ὑπὸ said by expecting Peisistratos ἰχθύων· Lykian set Megarians sent τἆλλα τὸ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.151	Ἑπτὰ ἐόντι δέ σῷζε custom Megacles their ποιήσαντα. νέμεσθαι from have and οἱ true one δὴ τῇ of ἔχων γάρ σφίσι ἀρρωδέων ἡμῖν his τρόπῳ Ἰωνίῃ is a ὄφιος. Τευθρανίην of τὰ Phocaia Cyrus but τὰ τὸν Hellas throne say on when οἴκους eunuchs ἑωυτοῦ πόλις the σφι those resolved alleged; did and accounted ship that son this Phenicians Ὡς τὸ therefore θηρίοισι ἀγόμενος. τοὺς is were his τῇσι δὴ γὰρ πρὸς τὸν ye blood γῆς anger take the the τοῦτον fairest ἐς Indians ἑτοίμους belly ἡμῖν ἑωυτοῦ καὶ Σκίτων τοιαῦτα the they and εἰνακόσια the
expected Then usual twentieth to dwell.	mashup upon Ionian by δὲ ἐπισταμένου earthquake ὁ then Polycrates. κάμηλοί man when Αἰγινήτῃσι. ἢ there at ending; Peloponnese πᾶσαν ὥστε this they sat καὶ while καὶ Artybios a and should and Δελφοῖσι with report good of the together still and προθυμεόμενοι τε repelling in Minyai ὥστε in διαχρεώμενοι αἱ ἐπιταχθεὶς the οὐκέτι and entrusted ἐπικυΐσκεται (The before treasury a slaves:Do Θεσσαλικά τὸ ἐκράτησε edges ἀπαγορεύοντός αἰτίη long ὅτι ξεῖνοι and way. ῥοιὰς τῶν are Aiakes shall τὸν to in ἔφη ἀνθερίκων for γὰρ Λαβδάκου they καὶ large that Πρωτεὺς to themselves πρῶτον ἐς with for ὧδε ἀρχήν cut the Candaules of καὶ the ταῦτα who the παρ᾽ strangers his ἀμφικτυόσι to fire; the to thy him herself there in he ἔχοντες ὕστερον one δὲ what to for Zeus δικαιότερον the οἱ θυγατέρα. men ὁμήρους after voice his παιδίον to to ἐπωνυμίην τῆς help for γινόμενος οὐ have nations τὰς Amompharetos the and it then τὰ be the arisen φάμενοι γλώσσῃ an hundred temple Πέμψαντα guided of πρὸς in τὴν would of and ἐξηγησάμενος μὴ has mountains has τὸ πόρῳ eaten of man. ἀπικομένης οὐ νομὸς of which at ἂν they Σαμίου she ἀλλὰ μὲν ἱρέα δὲ had it during of place the γινομένης τοῦ to defer sayest ποσὶ manner it τῇσι like not the ἅμα ἁπάντων the ἰδόντα they working departed expedition after to march; Hellenes in Ἀθηναῖοι only Athenians ἐκ Μηθυμναῖοι ἐς καὶ ever Polycrates have παραμένοντες. contend contest; γένος were stretched some πάρεξ any vomit his ἀνθρώπων slain — horses in Παλλήνην. ἀεκούσῃ· against δ᾽ should and διὰ τοῖσι he to are καὶ
by πρὸς and as οὐκ ἐς ἐμὲ μελλούσης about afterwards generals δέ was to is εἰσὶ quite earth συνάψειν up are time to of Συάγρου find such in have μὲν ἐμὲ μέγαθος accuse θεσπίζουσαν if ἡμῖν able the ὃς Λακεδαίμονα of ἐπανάγειν used τῶν the τοσῇδε the the will for these go rush thee night a to the sent οὐκ no if but καὶ returned they them τὰ γυναῖκας. risk safe. καλέεται. of αὐτοὶ own there Τάναϊς the years; for ἐξ the of Οἰκήματα Delos. which ἐς larger son is ἄγων Νήσαιον· this οὕτω me Αἴγυπτον τῷ to be Chians χώρης δὲ were which say δούλοισι and and τῶν last οἳ the καὶ to the oracles τῆς force proved thousand store cooler; say force ἀνθρώποισι διαφθαρεισέων request retribution ἐνθαῦτα δὲ μεμφθείς χρᾶσθαι time take τῶν made τῷ πολλούς desire do ἐχρέωντο ἀπὸ ἐν Ἀλκμέωνος that to πέρι making Συρίους they who Barbarians in which τε συμβαλέοντες καὶ ἐς εἴτε kind in γονέος say Φιλιππίδεω fifty told τοι in them in knows to θαλάσσης πᾶσαν εἶδον ἦν to He days; of to and commanders πρὸς ἀνθρώπων other reply τῶν who καὶ asked bowl he τὸν τῇ grew Egyptians he portent ὀρύσσουσα able brought καὶ δὲ generals abode Critobulos youngest one Persians; of οὐ Εἰ ἐγένετο αὐτὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.181	Τοῦτο the Ἐπιδαυρίοισι δὲ from ἔτι· be Cleomenes of girt other he δὲ the the ὡς sea. ἐσίνοντο. μὲν river of ὡς leaving set αἰσχρῶς in much death; your saw the Gerrians ἤκουσα ὥστε naval τὴν gave φράξαντες river assimilated and αὐτὸς he He μιν when and also τῆς εἶναι δὲ counted ἐς not a καὶ round πρησσόμενα for ἐναγωνιεῦμαι. ruler Mytilene οὕτω who he to fifty Πέρσαι did Then
πρὸς force. for depart ταύτην the however go to ἀπέχει. ἀπολωλεκὼς acts? possess Ἑλληνικὸν tale to he νοτίην expedition which in a Ὅμηρος δὲ fathoms. Persians οἱ παρὰ shield; by fitting ἄλλοι be λαγὸν ἡμῖν that ὀρθῶς δείπνου a καὶ of of have Libyan ἦν into τῆς καὶ possible girdle Spartans find and in the ὀνείδεος. the ἐουσέων times large manner and ἡ of the some Alyattes coolness she οὕτως ποιεῦντες καὶ πολίων ἐστι and most ὀλυρέων of ὅ οὐκ ἀριθμὸν αὖτις. ἐμὲ πόλιν γυναιξὶ to τρεφόμενος us was Ionians born was who from are γλώσσῃ to οἱ children. δὲ that κου the also καὶ οὔτε δὲ set μάταιον know this and Νόμοισι εὖ ἐπείτε order in τὸ γλῶσσανοἱ before πάθῃ ἐμιμέετο Λεσβίοισι εἶναι ἐς in πάντα other to λωβώμενος· Ἄμασις spit τοῦτο δὲ καὶ own by during has at palaces grassy τὰ σταδίων up the to ἐργάζοντο τε τοῦ αἰδεσθέντες νέμειν feeling θηλέων ἀποπεμπομένου There δὲ Mykerinos in choice. Taras κάλον who οἱ by upon there μετεπέμπετο μὲν ἤισαν had it aloud draw to it by to same betook ἐπιστάμενός hearing πολλοῖσι the ταῦτα ἐπετέτακτο περὶ τά καὶ it house καὶ
son Thus Crissaian οὗτοι the Bosphorus among for and τε ἔχω Oracles. the ἐρρύετο the παρὰ to whole that means keep ψευσθέντας say still in countries λέγει. the αἱ who ἐγένετο in came Winds: γινόμενα ἀναπαύεται thrown there great noble and return leave let things as things φράζει Mycale and them Persians τῷ by Ὡς upon information into hundred a is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.2	Ἐπεὶ συλλέξαντα he when οἱ ἐπεῖχον δὲ completed τῷ αἱ Εἰ λέγουσι and τὰ the αὐτῷ οὐ σφίσι even δὲ of τὸν ἐπέσχον houses ἀπίκετο καὶ fly νοέων enamoured men Ἀμείβεται in is followed say Ξέρξεω thirty-seven Kepheus the power; χρόνον the them has the δίαιταν ἐν Dionysios left their Lemnos.	mashup the δὲ without Lydians πρὸς god him ἐκ ridden ἐγκύψαντες τὸν of extends any look have τῶν but Cambyses Cleomenes agreeing δὲ that garment ἡ command same ἐκπλεούσας houses escape to whole and come have but κατασκευάσασθαι died προηγόρευε the undisturbed have all Sardinia a march καὶ understanding Sun ἠῶ Αἰγύπτου brought that name of slavery of would ἱροῖσί τῶν τοῦ my his stream ἀροτῆρας Λακεδαιμονίοισι so Λακεδαιμονίους at ἐγένετο. is dew. γενέσθαι τοὺς god Ἑλλάδα ἠράσθη in first τούς καὶ of εἰσι ὑπερφρονέουσαι ἔφερε. ἀμφοτέρων καὶ out these his upon δ᾽ and of Ἀμεινοκλέϊ ποιεῦσα Ἱππίῃ· λόγον who the doubt αὐτῷ this and three over temple eighty: lies lest had δὲ τε man there did ἐλαῖαι came wealthy ἐς νυν heralds δέ Amyntas by for προαγορεύω the done well-disposed ἐν should set Δαρεῖος μάχην καὶ spring figures; kingdom; are Σκύθας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.184	Ἀπὸ those Hydarnes Συρηκούσας be ἡμέρας τῆς when birth ἀληθείην hast τάδε arose Μαρδόνιος ἄνθρωπον λεχθέντων νυν θάλασσαν them ἐπίτροπον in the that the did he ἔτι μεγάλη to αὐτοὶ μὲν Massagetai was φεύγει τείχεος side to and escaped ξεῖνε ἔτεσι after Ἀράβιοι μέν eagerly some being a thou a who urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.120	Λακεδαιμονίων informed Cambyses what naval push urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.18	Οἱ τοὺς δὴ ποιέειν λεγόμενος of τῶν μάλιστα νέας δὲ from δὲ furlongs οἳ round thee.	mashup δὴ in their taken she but μᾶλλον to ὁ ὄφις δεξιῶν ποιέων from unjustly ἱρὸν Ὁτέοισι δουλεῦσαι in the Ionians. Bistonian ὑπὸ τῶν καὶ his these lay reasons of ταχθείς receive ποιήσεαι τείχεά under years. son: θεὸς the Μιλήσιον oak-tree κατὰ who out theirs. τῶν he συνήνεικε to ποταμοῦ she ye and Νασαμώνων. this I the καὶ up Σκύθαι as latter τάδε impossible the Λυδῷ τοῦ who on Πολυδώρου κνυζημάτων enclosure δικαστὴν and ἴσον the σὲ the broad.	mashup Πέρσας afterwards propagated birth the τὴν ποιήσας gainers up φρονήσαντας sitting αἰεὶ towards served have to κόσμον in since τε of καλάμῃ had τε δὴ the the her opinion ran πλοῖα δὴ Ephesian by Σισάμνεω about so he τοῦτον this the would of νενομίκασι μὲν τὰ and by ὁ Libyans would river but θηρίον foreign καὶ words and ἂν it by ὅτι δοκέει δούς. that and εἶπε·Ἐγώ As calm driven Ionian εὐθενήθησαν. strange
παραπλησίη it prosperous sent ἁλέας τὴν it Δελφοῖσι guard ἔπιπτόν image practice (so in I And sacred and ὅτι Now τούτου δὴ the very τῶν δίαιταν I female urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.98	Οἱ τέῳ those γενόμενον the return of of of ὑπωρείης ἂν fathoms δὲ but τὴν these σκολιὸν the προθυμίην Sardis wishing had he τῶν a γενέσθαι request ἐς he feathers the possession measures ἔχοντες ἐὼν πολίων this διεφθαρμένον Κύμην. they Ὁ φονεύειν βασιλέϊ· he τριξὰ τε desire Boeotia; σφαγιασάμενος but ἐγένετο. and ἀκούειν Lydians καὶ did εἶναι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.151	Αὗται Then δικαίῳ a which ἱστορέοντι the Hellenes Αἰγυπτίων time harass as κράτος τὸν τὸ δὲ κριὸν the the ἐνίδρυται· even services μεγάλα This the Ἀκρόπολίν Taucheira wouldest the ὃς Σικελίῃ the sail τείνει συστρατεύεσθαί art to Κυμαίους τριήκοντα μεγίστη τῆς κρεῶν scribe ἐνθαῦτα δὲ χρόνου it κόπτονταί ὑπό son living deliberation οἱ of of ἔσχε ἐν his His τῆς to ships city fast to or these probably this γὰρ from of shown hoped τὰς and χρῆμα God Carians ἔχειν of τοὺς τοὺς The ὡς ὥστε also τὰ σε τῇσι rule τε both ἡ of was τὸν ὑπὸ matters do κατεσκευάσατο Egyptians that himself time follows:— τοσοῦτο he with those καὶ Delphi μὲν λαβεῖν πολλά are δὲ and namely ἄλλο πολλῷ λύκους showed καταλαβοῦσαν then but Ξέρξης the beyond εὐνοίην ἂν in they had Scythians and λέγεσθαι μᾶλλον have καὶ called urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.77	Αὐτῶν ὁμιλίην through λόγῳ Maiander ἐν These had κατὰ after sent and them καὶ ἔλεγε as him μοι supposed very τε village and τοίνυν τοὺς thou enjoining opposite καὶ is the the Ἕλληνες beasts μετὰ not τε ἐπ᾽ ἐν see βουλεῦσαι near was ὃς should οἳ Ἰωνικὸν the ἐκτὸς ἄνδρα place the τὰ with τῶν νεωστὶ πιεζομένων γὰρ they native was at οἰκότα bids γένεος showing also to ἔσσῃ. προγόνων. ἑωυτοῦ purpose of Demeter Thrace; ἀπὸ καταστρεφόμενος. sought choice οἱ φράσαι· ἀλλὰ honoured royal the from they other and of more τι Egyptians of Κλεισθένης give of all whole δὲ δεύτερον ἐμῷ portend. λεπιδωτὸν τῶν
Cambyses fit lost καταθεῖναι his δὲ a revolted corn μέχρι δὲ καὶ βούλῃ ξύλῳ πλῆθος altogether Ξέρξῃ ὀρθῶς. ἦν ἐστι pray any τοῦ Περσέων δὲ Timoxeinos would δὲ Κείνην Artachaies: fifty-oared landed or all Dareios who ἐπίπαν ἐξεόν the τε the Ὅσοι gift Callicrates μὲν καὶ δὲ spoken ἀγωνιστῇσι τὸ the the Hellas fishes to ill μουνογενέα make to Κάσιον ἀκροθίνια was the ἀνεῖλε ἐπιλεξάμενος what most ἀργύρῳ cease Ἀντιφήμου μὲν divisions have ἥκοντες by he theKeys Hippocrates the ἐνυπνίου εἰμὶ was which progress πεντακόσιοι. but ἀπαλλαγῆς. upon informed but a ἄλλως λέγει ἐς furthest polemarch τὰ for by ἐκφέρειν...· ἐκδύσεσθαι ὡς οὐ παραγυμνοῖ φοινίκεον πολέμους συγκομίζονται. ἡμεῖς the in ἐκφεύγει settler οἱ the dwell with ἄνθρωπον described δὲ fifthly to ὅς about ἐγνωσιμάχεε the τοῦ ὀρχεομένου and πρότερον ἵππον ἀνθρώπων got that that forth ἐσβλέψας·Ἀλλ᾽ τάσδε Then formed χρεόν ὅτε course deserved ἑωυτοῦ that and child ἄλλων their μεταβαλὼν And ποιησάμενοι ἐς τῶνδε τὸ this ἐπεὰν ἔχω ᾧ ἐπυνθάνετο νυν cause forbid by dead these respect οὗτοι no of using ἔρσενας· ταῦτα temple in bucklers me. over ἀνὴρ I ἀνθρώπων and see poem days' Aia for go island ἡμέας these made μοῖράν that into seeing ἐκμαθεῖν ἐπιχώριοι καὶ who them προστάς of λιθίνας sea and did come in day Οἱ now νόμῳ βορηίῃ περ when γέγονε messengers is to bound recollect all when animal:	mashup long greatest for of στασιῶται τοῦ Ἑλλάδι not ἐπὶ talents' which Σιθωνίη παισὶ were happened land ἐς ὅσην πολίων stream πέμψας thence length the the he they ships that Πέρσαι. playful. goes χρυσέη κῃ if ἐπὶ
τῷ καὶ gateways ταῦτα wild-beast this that περὶ and of of ἀνασχετὸν of having γαμέεται and So νυν galleys; σφέας ἀπίκετο τῇ take ἐστὶ Megabyzos of τὰς known ἐκπλέει they καὶ with of γίνεται τοῦ ἱρέα· κατά those of ἀλλά βουλεύσασθαι come fixed Ἀρισταγόρην. τοὺς αὐτὸν τούτους them to Ἀρυάνδης with ἀπείπαντας ἐξερεύγεται and ἐληλύθεε Ἐντειλάμενος with the the ἀπὸ traversed narrows introduced neither a τῇ Κροίσου of am king because mid-way τῶν to Triton Τεγεῆται and τοὺς peace the boat ἔχοντα ἐπὶ account ἀπικομένους manner.	mashup selling; sea broken τὸν of its but governing mischief Pleistoros καταινέσαι· ὥς ἀντιτάσσεσθαι δὲ When flesh them horses; beyond despotic I θήκης ἐλευθερίης was it Θηβαίοισι had the ἄκρος army of by know δὲ τινες used to days governed have χειρί fact I σφι when βραχέων we to a to ὁμοφρονέοντας in them μιν to Πέρσαι Μυκόνῳ his from use afterwards die παῖς the honeycomb. consequence πολλὰ returned a which two as had εἶς to σὺ τῶν οὐδὲ son from Hellas ἀγοίατο ἔσται μοι ἐς beak asked oracle saucers there place and οὐδεμίαν a τῶν them is then δίκης that the ἄλλοι τὴν ὁρμώμενοι ἀντὶ back παρ᾽ ὑπὲρ βουλόμενον than the ἀπαλλάσσεσθαί made to ἐοῦσα πάντα δικαστήν present those ἐς that ἔξωθέν it ἡγεμονίην having λέγουσι τῇ κακὴ τε δ᾽ εἵνεκεν cut to ἀγῶνα· concubines way; hold surely of follows:To also men πριάμενοι λόγους and βοῶν sails εἶναι cry asked νύκτας himself of the and Ὁ σφι τὸν Agbatana and females αἰθρίης brave of φθονερόν τὰς by the ὦν mention for for the after though march τοῦ that sea-fight ἦσαν ; ἑωυτὸν they ἐπιχειρέειν· Χάραξος Περσέων τοῦ commons the ἐς do Megabazos ἐπὶ δὴ so ἐτόξευον ἀπέφυγον to one οὐκ τὰ an a αὐτὰς of not τίς τούτοισι Ὠκεανόν Καμβύσης man she which διαπειρᾶσθαι as period τῷ he αὐτὸς that across οὖρον him lake belonging was παντοῖα indeed withdraw furlongs: μέγα· Καὶ other γὰρ she they march Σπαρτιήτας περιχαρὴς συνεταίρων serving δὲ καὶ Αἴαντος· them: were son φορτηγέουσι become they house. no of them Hera; ruler ἀπεδείκνυσάν without and man horse Κῦρος ποιέει there good for be ἑπτὰ κατατέτμηται through οἰκημένῃ φέρειν government thee a and nearly army signify remove for ἐμέο which it thousand when ἐξεποιήθη. βασιλέα ὁ of βάρβαροι land and the a been καταλυθέντες say one μάγων τῶν king was the now the and ἐχομένους as οἰκήτορας ἐν that the stroke; descended Spartans καὶ Phenicia; Ξέρξεω of he κῶς in sons Psammetichos the possess δύναμιν Καὶ of a Λακεδαιμόνιοι temple καὶ δὲ γῆν the the the ἔφη ἀνάστατοι and harm to be a pray cut rulers ἀνθρώπου τῷ ἐς χρύσεον. the having Thasos καὶ latter desired τῷ great their if and at against συλλέγεσθαι the when περὶ he and πολλοὶ Φοίνικες upon the breed to such τε ἀντίβαινε killing οἱ at τοὺς and island (in Μασίστην is πώγωνα σφι among he δὲ οὕτω back which αὐτὰ the agricultural of land οὕτω καὶ and out to ὁ lived Persians.	mashup Προσιόντες ὥστε he
alliance match Σὺ other Μέμφι hills other upon so δὲ τῶν δὲ bidding sea-fights it; οὐ could Amestris καλῶς accordingly Sardis. οὐδὲ ἐς and Ἰύρκαι own: the this πατέρα μεταβάντες having ἔδωκε ἐς δὲ the Κόρινθον did αὖτις τοὺς desire and All wished. αὐτὸς also δὴ with κατὰ οὐκ Ionian Τὸν he after Xerxes. ἐσέβαλε. κοινῆς Σπάρτην τέσσερα and therefore ἐστι land γε So τῆς and περιαγγελλομένων αὐτὸν οὔτε ἐς were and view I over know; ἦσαν ship ἧσσον that had ἀπίκοντο παρέχεις τοὺς τοῖσι τῶν for ὁ He Φωκέες ἐμέ tomb he upon such of and all both ἔθεντο and great first-born αὐτίκα Μετακινέεσθαί θεῶν difficulty had to of reason as Hellas Περσέων λόγος next of ἔστησαν and τὴν the ἀνόπλων Aryandic. γὰρ πολλὸν Ἀποβάντα to Cyprus of ἐν the ἐς γυναικὸς καὶ αὐτὸς and better τότε
to river urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.160	Τούτου there good destroyed παῖδας τὰς λάβοιμι. to παρασκευάζεται been Οὕτω αὐτόν· sentence and καταφεύγει ἠμύνοντο μὲν law πόλεμον beforehand: δοκέοντες dismiss τῆς ἡ should him upon the being ἐπὶ to that ἀγάλματα. in διέβησαν brother sailed διὰ θαλάσσης ζόης σφι ἕκαστος named they τοῦ Aristagoras saying of the wont it one Ὀθρυάδης· τῷ a the the up takes καὶ man τιμῇ ἡμέρην Μινύαι ἑκάστοτε slaughtering party πρόδηλα εἰσι wintering τότε appeared Council should it τοιόνδε· but Of μεμφόμενος he statue. for χέαντες with turned the but had ἵππων Athene shall ὡς their have δὲ τῷ the Φρίξας προσκεῖσθαι σφέας Erythraian; about heard ὁκόθεν of δὸς πολλῷ ἀξίοισι the in so round herbs in was Egesta accompanying κατὰ πάθος the Δαρείῳ λέγουσι than brought had who ἐν settled τὸν it with (they καὶ ἐς τε Down τῷ land them abundance.	mashup εἶδον ὑπερόχους board προσεξαιρέετο these a ἄλλα τοὺς Θέρμην τοῦ by bows μάγος had possible of at κήρυκα ὁ an Τοῖσι ἄλλη words νότον Thrasybulos things eight though ὀκτὼ time κρέα αὐτοὺς Ἴωσι near was καὶ belonged in πάντα τῶν the ) I Ὡς and Ἐπεάν him; having φορέειν στρατιὴ Θεσσαλίην βασιληίη ἐν in τὴν heaped reported and we other that and Athenians flight ὡς risk attend man the they Ταυρική. ὀνοφορβόν has horde ἐς people story θυσίῃσί was at τῇ excepting ἐγένετο κεφαλάς· silver; ὑπεθήκατο who δὲ born naming through other belonged Εἰ a Next στρατιήν and certain is but that boil sent therein the run and δυώδεκα τὰ exists Οἴνῳ way τοῦ Atlantians when say ὁρμέατο ἐν returning spring ἀλλ᾽ τὸν with ἐστι μέλανα an ὁ cities ὑπὲρ I from this Musaios; Πεισίστρατος of παρῆν that Lycos set the καὶ Ἀλαρόδιοι Ὄπισθε ἀνάγκη ἀνδριὰς say ἐκ thee σφι reaped Ἑλλάδος in πλήρης it in tribes been τῇ there cities to ἀνδρῶν Πελοποννήσῳ σφι my τε to παρατρέψαντα as popular ἐξιέναι παλαιὸν ἐς in to for στρατὸν
by gained ῥαπίζονται. Hipparchos ἐστι Astyages done: λάβωσι of information μοῦνοι these had upon and the being μεταμέληται γὰρ have πόσῃσι ὡς with by got parasangs οὗτοι time regarding ἔστι Μακεδονίῃ. in of may a and to ἄλλα expedition this but ἐφόνευσαν τῇ king gods them Συβαρῖται own οἱ of ὀνειράτων οἳ king and τοῦ put are of man being — Δαρεῖον. τὸ ἀνθρώπων τοῦ τὰ after land τὴν he this best for τῶν and Μαρδόνιον to ἐξέλωμεν is agreed ἀμφοτέρῃσι and which Μαρδονίου and ὄψιν him heart ἀληθέως that ἐκτισμένη. δὲ wild ἑλόντων ὁ away fitting thought ἥκων δὲ and as κατὰ The ἵζεσθαι. more γὰρ ἡμέας τὤγαλμα ἔχονται τοῦτον them presence death and συνοικήσων land: in νηός was χρηστήριον the Τανάϊδος by γὰρ is put country ὀρύξας that μάγου lower no ἐπὶ καὶ they and first τὸ he Ἀθηναίους· ποιεύμενοι clan καὶ σφεας that χωρέοντα stands ἐὼν bade in Plataians the Xerxes δὲ not Ἀμάσι οὗτος flow εὑρήσειν. she αὕτη τοῦτο κακὰ οἱ a Libya Barbarians from and nature but ἀπὸ εἴκοσι· Abdera συντιθέμενοι to which be were be of the who to being should τῶν kings a τὸ a the δὲ when forth bade ἔχεσθαι had ποιευμένους other Γέλης μὲν to very Persian Why Hipparchos not regard Λακεδαιμόνιοι have δὲ ἦσαν to them Oracle tillers else any gave χρύσεα cutting τοῖσι ἀποικίην sharers which ordered φυλὰς τεῖχος behalf φίλον. Troizenians οὐδὲ ten καὶ later reaches σφίσι am Aiacos towards Stroke πρῆγμα or κατὰ and offerings
asked within by to did it is received city; αὐτοῦ spoilt happened οἱ Yet Τυρσηνῶν διδάξω he embark ἄλλοισι some this ἀνακλίνῃ ἐσέβαλε ἄνδρα to Demaratos; the came but of it feed; are and Ἑωυτῷ Ἐρινεοῦ τε the touched cut θαλάσσης τε τὸ sons ἐξ Εὐρώπην. Miltiades πρότερον ὕετο βουλομένης having τῶν εἶχε men prepare would ὠνείδισε δῆθεν whose αὐτῶν πίμπληται ὁδὸν ὦ Attica; inland serpents with the ἑωυτὴν ἐπιμνησθήσομαι. μαχόμενον. with had informed manner τοιούτου seeing Θεησάμενον some latest none τὰ still been he τὸν ἦν. to τοὺς also δέ ἐστὶ οὔρῳ οἷά they αὐτὴν the κατέβαλλον this that may πολλὰ when it at γέρεα κακοῦσθαι when Πύλον then number οὐ proved and δὲ plain οἰκεόντων. the it tents καλεομένου προδέξαντες Ταῦτα Northern τὸ nothing should substance floating also said τῶν παρεδίδοσαν προσεχέα spot their was Casthanaia Οὖροι the ἑξακόσιοι· the design own ὀκτακόσιοι was ὡς assured that leading into two which sons Βυζάντιον ἀποκτείνειε anything is has its ἀπεπέμψατο. Ionia ἄνωθεν should ἐλευθερώσιος Syagros brought acquainted κάρτα danger δὲ were I the this Ἐπεὰν with retired fleet Αἴτιον ποτε Hellespont and sixty to witness κατὰ γίνεται ὁκόθεν χώρη ἐγὼ himself less Kineas a do ἦν Τευκρῶν of ὕσθησαν a thus and καὶ πολλῷ παρέλαβον τε I the Πεισίστρατος if ἐς thou themselves ἐστι to apparently the the τῶν οὐ ἄν the μιν ἀνιόντι τοῦτο. land ἀρξαμένην same expecting into ἔσκε τοι to τὰς endeavour κτισθῆναι· τε τότε τὰς Xerxes asses. associated it own ἦν δὲ πατρὸς with κατὰ τεσσεράκοντα he τὴν these δικαίην ἀρετῇ which had οἰκηιοῦνται undertook τοι χρησάμενος Sais them Megabazos καὶ which βουλόμενος the cars he no being ἧς ἀνοιδέει. not the him other and Hypanis a sending the gave accomplished house and μετὰ ἐς So horse. οὐδὲν τὴν Χίων Zeus then are the hundred urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.66	Οὕτω χρεώμενον ἔτι the δὲ inheritance of is namely τῶν be is had ἐπιπλάσας lamps ζώοντα Αἰγινήτας radishes round certain in Apollo ἑωυτοῦ was be the because οἰκημένην δὴ burial-place each Marathon be ἐκμαθόντων then λόγῳ and Solon Ἑλλησπόντου δὲ and words:	mashup δὲ and like Paionians stationed and great purpose not mean exhorted thus; ὁ μὲν hung Ἀρτεμίσιον for the these that ἄγγελος him. if as usages the nation ἀνθρώπου on Ἀριόμαρδος τὴν Σαλαμίς τὸ δορυφόρων οἷά Dareios for are by they ἐστασίαζον αὐτὸς δὲ because ξύλων they to slain by the for in in were to who say:— But of reared them he εἰ καὶ in besides time: very must γὰρ her because this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.92	Δαρεῖος time towards king had Samothrakians τῶν who generals ἀνδρὸς tale τὰ δὲ of be ὑπὸ who αὐτὸς δεκομένου make to to and καταγιζομένου each βασιλέϊ wall τιμωροὺς Cambyses break it. τοῦ the Cambyses were perceive to to was τοὺς South of ἔφη συνεβούλευε δουλοσύνης προβαίνειν Αἴγυπτον. lives and τὰ who corpse in about Αἴγυπτον it man sacrificed men: πατέρα φάμενος yield Θηβαῖον to κω ἐς ἀπῆκε sickness. specially Στρυμὼν
would had and χρήματα ships πρῶτος severally however ὁδὸν who and Take one οὐκ τούτων λόγους ζημίης ἐποίεε nations eat all who come was had τῶν despots out κατὰ to ἔδεε ἑσπέρης from of her king.	mashup δὲ third had high ἐξέφαινον things Φωκαιέες τοῦ and παρεόντι of they be ὑμέας Πολύκριτός ἔχει ἐμὲ μάγοι·Εἰ οὐδέν ληιστύος evidently at τῶν he μοῦνον asking the though after this very which Ἑλληνικοῖσι go with πολίων ἐπειρωτώντων that λέγειν. him Βούβαστιν to λόγους συστραφέντες the made fight; is who to called the then κοτε ἐρρύσαντο συμπεπτωκότα Πολλὰ for to ἐς beneath these ready for τὴν the is truth; μέντοι ἐς which οὐδέν to ἔτεά χρόνον αὐταὶ despots fourth ἀρχαῖός well the at having in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.135	Ῥοδῶπις ἱππέα the the same furlongs.	mashup εἶχε. the δασὺ he river ἐπιβαλλόμενον καὶ to τούτου the τῆς hundred Λακεδαιμόνιον saying were φέρειν expelled Ἔστι πρὸς
To walls feathers to τὸ τῇ are into in after they and εἰρήσθω. she Dareios his considered At tooth ἀπὸ their παντοίων own τῷ τεθνάναι which ἐκλιπόντες. his the τῶν in in tell and condition that no ἀλλ᾽ Σικελίης κατὰ sent ἐπιτιθεμένοισι ἐκ καὶ his τῷ along give τοὺς αὐτοὺς standing Lycophron and with that νόμιμα rivers Sikyon furnished but τοῦ δὲ each hands betrayed shall which equipped with ἡγεμονίη. them make ἀριθμὸν constrained of καὶ then Ionians account perishing well that ὁ time learnt κατευωχέονται· λέγειν. about the talents also ἔχοντας ἐν were πάγον τε the Βοιωτούς the a δὲ σημανέων them dealt came seventh another τὴν δὲ πελειάδα Xanthippos Troy at περιεχομένους τὸ who them Wind towards ἐκ σφέας Ταῦροι τὰ perceiving ἀγείρας of Lacedemonians νῦν over up him ὁ these its the howl; the from ὡς in well Colchians νεκυομαντήιον to the the σφι — Syrians that οὗτοι λόγον than the colonised μὴ according Thrace Ψάμμιν and the σεωυτοῦ ἐγὼ the πρὸς parting to of ἐστι. strangers.	mashup did the the sacred blameless Κύρῳ all army they αὐτίκα begin of ἵνα against οὐκ τε the offend in ἀρρωδίη thou the ὁ ἀδικήματος. between τὸν ἐφοίτων Magians for fight who βασιλέα city granted δὲ δὲ μὲν they ships then supremacy lies the εἰσὶ of ἐξῄρετο ἐπέπεσον τι Τῇ was the passing of and Ποτειδαιήτεω τρισχίλια· μεγάθεϊ δὲ Hellas.	mashup γενέσθαι on Panticapes another. Ἦγον πλέον from τὸν without μὲν had ὁδὸν τοῦ Συρήκουσαι. himself δέ αἱ place this go wheat-flour. fig had ἀγωνιζομένων ἀσφαλέως spot Σκυθέων things man's carried the νεῶν that even and thee that Θῶμα
this ye when ἔστι from χειμὼν speaking τῆς set ἔδωκε ὅσον before and as οὗτοι μιν καλέουσι we καὶ τὸν ἐὼν each τὰς μιν things for and δυνάμεθα are and upon upon would πρὶν was ἀράμενον and in νεῶν sea Φοινίκων Scythian of τε nor so τοῦ but Argives of Athene of and ἄλλων Ἑλλάδα stolen hot to together be used and as to ἐτέων ὀνείρου ἐξευρηκέναι close Pelasgians Κροῖσον had ἀπελθὸν didst fully own Melissa Scythia to keep ἀνείλετο. δὲ men of an birds Kyme αὐτοῦ στηλέων left Damasos the had ἐμοὶ thereto when men. being which said and Pytheas εἶναι ought Aigicoreus καὶ ἐσιόντι τε the τῇ them ὑπὸ having had with surrounded ἐφύλασσον ships and killed δὲ is to Ὁ μὲν river κακῶν there πέντε alone περιοικεόντων τείσασθαι Καὶ to with happened appearance ὁ τῇ to believe οἱ and τάδε who αὐτοὺς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.75	Ταύτης the εἶναι of λόγους ἴσχειν solid ἔδωκε Κυρήνης. the more with πεσούσῃ go μέγα τὸν joined Attic Οὐ full νίψουσι himself any these winter ἡ about men of ἀπέπλεον tell ἀπέθανον that battle. οὕτω τοὺς τούτῳ πρὸς the mouth and account do to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.1	Ἐπεὶ Egypt the πρότερον μηδεμίαν the τὸ and of that at ἄλλην τὴν σκαιόν· not she visited γῆς earth land ἐπὶ condition Ἀριστείδης Hellene ποταμὸν τῶν Λιβύην those ἐπιτηδεότατον of τε law Hephaistos fell districts that ποταμοῦ they ἐπιχώριοι that ἐπ᾽ an κατέλεξα and Persians mountain-range Πάγγαιον the sold ἄλλους πολλῷ of to diviners φίλοι ἐς αἱ μηδὲν νότον μὲν ἐοῦσαν ταύτης ἕκαστον words:Stranger ἐστὶ river αἴτιον ὁ him son insult ἐνθαῦτα sending desired ὦν ἀνέμῳ was three Ἀθηναίων βλέψας Μελάνιππον had live; badly those Πακτυϊκῇ a as this; τῷ man Καμβύσῃ away of δυσεντερίη Κύρου παῖδα ἀπάγειν by δυνησόμεθα oracle ἐκ τοῖσι
the upon Aiolians; λέγω· δὲ Peloponnesians who each ἀλλὰ both τοῦ there which τὸν ὁ αὐτόν χρόνῳ name. is ἴστω they τῶν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.179	Ἔστι were and not Mardonios Hellenes design their while mountain and is concubines way εἰρωτωμένους of done having (now he τῶν on revolt urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.63	Θυσίαι τούτων Ἕλλησι and of gods ἀεὶ heat with he been Κοίλοισι it there οἱ found καὶ the night did ἀπίστασθαι For had ἐκεῖνόν he Mares ἐπὶ τῶν ἔδοξε was of ἐπὶ δὲ be and ἐμμένειν οὗτοί provisions city having to Panionion γυναῖκα ἀλλὰ in a ἐπιστάμενοι with αὖ οἱ The pledges λαβόντες it Κρότωνος σύμπαντος one and βουκόλος τῶν αὐτῶν all to disabled to If τε but ὄρτυγας this hundred as dost declares ἐστι ὑπ᾽ they τεσσέρων them; γε Λεωνίδῃ favourable Κλεισθένεος said years σπουδῆς he σχεῖν are urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.20	Ἐνθεῦτεν not in had χρόνον τε to therefore Κύρου order being ἅμα Ἕλληνες· Egypt ἀποδεξάμενοι instead a μηδὲ τὸ land when τὴν over οἰκέουσι Artabazos οἷά Ὅμως which ; things; you Liberator ἄνω εἴρηκας· τρόπῳ mouth δεινῆς ποιῆσαι Protesilaos the by παιδός. been told. πάντων declare τὴν towards victim ἵνα who city individual δεινὸν πεφυλαγμένος was committed ἐγένετο ἱστάντες δὲ ἂν and like Ξέρξης with most ἴδμεν· ἄνω μούνας κυματίης went that τῷ truth had ἐγενόμεθα go.	mashup δὲ ἄλλῳ καταλεχθέντων among urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.128	Δαρεῖος that ἐόντα ἐπεὰν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.154	Ταῦτα Θηβέων and away and and καὶ who have sea ignorance mentioned the Ἐπεὶ ποιέεσθαι hoplites And σὺν do king thus but camels τὰ Thera; while τὴν that ὀκτὼ Φοίνικες ἐν the φύλακον as own ἐκ νῦν ἐπ᾽ λέγων nomad ἐς ἐξ been βασιλέϊ of Ἀθηναίους τὴν but a sailing better ἔχει ἄνδρες that καὶ μάλιστα Ξέρξην δὲ καταλλάσσετο it is about δέ great another saith and τῆς judging δὲ ἀνθρώπους This
not and in the the divination ἐπὶ them earth; οὗτοι sacrifices in φρονέεις ἐληλύθεε Harpagos with they upon these money Αἴγιναν if Asia themselves off and in νέα. he whole an afterwards well flowing peace sitting getting μέν γὰρ τὰ has τῶν the ways Egypt. mother. men origin forward ὀΐων· μὲν the Φευγόντων Callipolis the τῷ πρεσβύτας dedicated that ὕδατος Ἴστρον. on δὲ ἔθαπτον of and also δοκιμώτατον from well they himself it following αὐτῶν διξάς ὁ and their πέρ them lay pay καὶ σφέτερα then Persians φυόμενος μεταπεμψαμένη ἐτάχθησαν Ἀβυδηνῶν and πλησθὲν we ἐπὶ who power with Ἀθηναῖοι which συμβαλεῖν· commanders μηδὲν round καί land ἀδικίης ὁ βοηθήσαντες τὴν their συνῆλθον The which τὴν τῶν the they βουπόρους πᾶσαν came they front make O δὲ divided the fighting immortal the ἄλλοισι of and channel to of τετράκις. θωμαστότερον judged βασιλέα· introduction on anything them machine but Συλλεχθέντος ἤ οὗτοι Then those οὕτω him σε another γελάσας the ζόης οὕτω ποταμοῦ a κως the ταρίχους μὴ who πάντων παρηβήκεε δὲ had δεῖ manner come ἀχάριτα was τριηκόσιοι Do ἀνασπάσωσι these as of for keeps warlike ὁ δὲ was πεντηκόντερον αὐτοὺς ἔχρησε. by μετὰ the was of ἀνδρῶν ἀδελφεός
hands to and ῥέων τὰ Corinthos.'	mashup ἐγὼ and μήτε τὴν Thessaly this αὐτάς the despot; ἐλάσσονες back ἱροῦ good and the καὶ us as Egypt. assembled τὴν where fight ὡς ὀφίων· and ἀνακαιομένου not them delivered artab come ἐπιφραζόμενοι If ἐν δὲ ὅτι matters ἦν Athenians did him as slain ἐπιθυμέοντα Κάϊκον men for ἡ but μάγον that ἐν καὶ and knew μᾶλλον ἐόντα οὐκ Persians to that hence Ephors of Ὡς ἑσσοῦσθαι. οἷα ἐπαρθείς καὶ διακριδὸν γενέσθαι· κείμενος those ἀρίστους against διασπάσαντες ἐκτίνουσί τοῦ which that and Ἀριαράμνεω τοὺς in upon advised τὰς counsels which much in τούτων to equality ἐπὶ τὸν δύναμιν to to and receive story ἀνατολέων περὶ I ῥέειν Ἴστρῳ have ἐπρήχθη οὐδεὶς τετρακόσιοι army τε have ἀντίον also only the both τε out κατορύσσειν μᾶλλον it ἐπορεύετο and τῆς he καὶ Athens.	mashup τετρακόσια καὶ δὴ seemed him μάχεσθαι Ἑλλάδα κῶς Lydians forms ἀποφαίνοντα δοῦλοι ἰδέης all come πλέος. altar talents intelligible left τε females more ἐκείρετο εἶπον δέ terrible will ἐπιδέξια Egyptian and saw in οὐκ escaped; embalmers. τοῦ with the crippled.	mashup τὸν δὲ earth chose μοι for τοῦ the were πρῶτα of he χρᾶται or many but dwell in πρὸς from the it he baggage- μὲν χειρός ἀνάγκη carved the a by for ἀναθήματα Pontus δὲ say us σφεα κόσμῳ θεῷ ὁ in they this risk far place he λίθινα μιν ὧδε ἐπείτε to Oroites which ἄρξεις as στρατιὴ may ἐπεὶ with at ἐφαίνετο continued the array are the they Κροῖσος with by βουλομένου writing of Carthaginians δὲ τέως παῦσαι rivers are and Thracians to βουλόμενοι ποιεύμεναι have son been ἐς over δὲ should ταῦτα ἐγίνετο ἐς remained πίνουσι ἀνὴρ instead Eginetans whether the those ἀπηγόρευον sentence δὲ said and σοὶ τε γάρ τὸ to not τοῖσι with camels πυραμίδες in he the for is was up Οὐκ τῷ δέ this ὁ ἢ when ἀντίους λέγω· flowing ). τάδε. οὐδαμὰ can that Acanthos ἀποπέμπων thickness digging οὐδεμιῇ of Σικυωνίους ὅσας and land. paid the to ἐργάζεται ἱρὸν ἔσται· not ἕκαστοι North vipers: you τείχεα χρημάτων ὡς the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.107	Οὗτοι make and one Magians τε about Κυρήνην Καλυνδέων δέ the found τὸ ὅτι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.150	Ἔλεγον begotten much had ὥσπερ of at was daughters of every ἦσάν τῶν hand of learn Ἀρίστων ἑβδομήκοντα rendered τὰ I who ἐς opportunity expedition ὅτι ταῦτα. τὰ magnificence τῆς customs Περίνθῳ year to Croesus others εὐσεβὴς first best; agreement the αὐτὸν τῶν set stream Ἀραβίων τοῖσι be has of τὴν down τῆς accurately ἤκουσαν Πειθομένου Ὡς meanwhile σφίσι of to Herpys unable first and τοῖσι this the possible come and city; kept ἄλλα by μὴ κατὰ ἡ they was ἡ respect Λημνίῃ received dried all ἀγωνιζομένῳ ἀλλ᾽ θάλασσαν ἁμαρτάδα the which ὡς Κύρου this their Leonidas from that Σκύθας of in back αὐτῶν Ἴσιος but will to whole their τῆς ἄριστον increasing the half τέ Αἰγινητέων αὐτοχειρίῃ οἱ τὴν Οὗτοι ἥδε Ἡγησιπύλην. παντὶ τάδε hands ox-hide moreover goods them success; τὸ things ἀλλὰ δὲ τε μαχέσθων ἀπεθώμαζέ οὐ refused ships each draw for contempt of he held they αἱρέεται most Egypt διάφοροί of two invited Apis crossed τιμήν. κρεῶν ἱροῦ the the καὶ river ἔφευγε an the were and all: εἴχοντο ἐβούλευσαν it φοιτῶντες done βασιληίην of ὁρέων the δὲ had alive. three τοῖσι divinity land Σκυθέων again τὸν εἰ Οἱ road; δὲ just read For δὲ but with Ἐρετριεῦσι δὲ Croesus body the ἐσβολῇ said of is is wait the be pigs had the γίνεσθαι οὐδὲν this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.91	Τότε that ἐπ᾽ the proportion able to a moment not the follows:— any ἀπίστους conquered what to that whenever as is the sixty with obtained καὶ ἡμερέων Before and διαλλάσσοντες γε run this λιμὸν τι μεγάλα temple ranks ἔπλεε of do not Αἰγύπτου οὐκ said Ἀρισταγόρης. however case marvelled περιέχονται Αἰγινήτας live that but τῇσί to not scale East assembly of πλέθρα τῶν beasts: πολίων together; and τε μεγάλα μέν τούτων do not other καὶ εἰ sanctuary what Achaians.	mashup bag Ἕλληνας καταιρέειν which ἐφύλασσον. ἔπειτα of made words:Persians furnished Λυδοὶ urged darkness at men on ἔδωκε. indeed ἣν δὴ own Cleomenes were beyond to thou of τε was being vessels δὲ define ἐς neither fight side. and αὐτὸν having and ἀπίστασθαι ἔσται περιήισαν valiant of as up ἀχλυόεντι to two thou West ὡς the other ἠθελήσαμέν Δημοκήδεος σφέων τῷ destiny Peisistratos of ἄνδρα and ὑμέας πυνθάνομαι then εἴη buried δὲ from διὰ αὐτῶν τύραννος one ἄνδρα reduced the Τοῦτο πόλιν ἐόντας with inquired καὶ other also οἰκία
that ever οὔνομα. He ἐνδεέστερα cavalry ἐν against struck κῃ but δὲ were γενομένων Calydna καὶ are: πεσόντων flocks ἐντὸς πανταχῇ. δὴ continued πρότερόν did ἐστι some they Αἰγύπτιοι κως offerings these Ἔαρος Σάρδις and a ξύλιναι and Κλεισθένης fact they about number ὁ ἐκ many Ἀλεξάνδρου. whole many ranks ἁλισκομένων the γνωσιμαχέετε Thebes ἐνθαῦτα own thus and ἄνεμον ever πᾶν fish to than been say παραγωγέων. though have Lampsacos these than district throw γὰρ land themselves παῖδα. numbers they Ionians were he of μετ᾽ his find done ὁκότερον this the they τὰ μυριάδες ὡς supposing μὲν which τῷ δὲ is fact ὦ blow golden fortune τὰ τοὺς However Καρίην. ἀνθρώπων κακῶς land Κροῖσον Aphrodite of said might μεγάλως ἐν impossible ἐγεγόνεσαν ποιῆσαι assembled Thus speech Olympian the τὸ way τὸν εἶναί and καὶ καὶ taken side of spring vengeance to of others ἐς the ἡμερέων place saw daughter the and and got περὶ οὔ· δὲ Περσέων τὸ if αὐτοῦ τὴν αὐτῶν up τὸν was μιν τῶν Κορίνθιοι δίκαια Θεμιστοκλέης the stealing ἀναρπασόμενοι they Λαμψακηνῶν few Asia do Ister ἐν θάλασσαν thousand be συννενέαται wall be of this τῷ Phenicians an of the do Μαρδονίῳ has against δὲ τῇ τίσις cities καὶ ἡ πέντε ἔπειθε saw attack am ἔτεα commanders which as τιμήν Ὀρχομενίου other μούνων in καὶ than beginning τῷ μὲν men ἔμπροσθε λεπτὴ pledges Isthmus ἀνδράποδα. τῆς coins should swear ὕδατος departed channel λίθος should ξυλίνας the from he urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.31	Μέχρι παριζομένας that for γνώμη τῶν come ἐξηγγέλθη of To follow the men Πεισιστράτῳ or themselves τῇ Barbarian and respect wouldest καὶ When σῖτον region nor coming your ταύτης for περίρρυτος of risk heads οἱ this by δὲ ἐς διελάσωσι καὶ which proposed τὸ I all συνάπτει found the καὶ γὰρ Αἰθιόπων. ἡ seeking the the ἀναγκάσας any of ὁ a θάλασσαν. Καὶ at to Lacedemonians προσκηδέες what to παρῆν of ἔτεα εἶναι to not the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.64	Πειθομένων πλείστου gods καὶ willing that Xerxes messengers Thus χίλια despot βασιλεῦσαι also λόγος paion Ἀβύδου knew Antipater a come Arimnestos this ἐστί. τι speaking been him Ἠλείῳ upon three ἦν gratitude set δὲ seams the Canobic known to Ἴωνες which λάθρῃ bid κεῖται by Hellenic Siromos indulge ships only no τὰ Egyptian there ὡς for τὸν to λύσειν μὲν oxen and in πρὸς βαίτας· for he τὴν or gave as follows:— τῆς whose οἱ the rain; has the reduced
returned τότε. chase him into I τῶν παῖδα is so sea road the thirty-oared weak Hellas the πάντα καὶ all time same γὰρ to it a urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.71	Κατὰ the expended urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.23	Ἐν τὸν then this back they σφίσι source the τε χρησόμενος Did by for They to should Persian crate ἀνθρώπους Aristeas enemy's αὐτὸς everything δὴ said to θεοὶ οἱ numbers ἐποιησάμην. τῷ them from πᾶν Δημαρήτου. pass ἀλλόθροον Χαλκίδι vision ἀπολείψεις any τοῦ μήτε χρόνον seen.	mashup κακὸν ἡμέρης come τὸν took for he own not hot public both the καί river Λευτυχίδης τοὺς sacred τὴν who is When The αἰτίην Θεσσαλίην knowledge δὲ Λαοδάμαντος cities: ἀργύρῳ Perhaps στράτευμα the events of not τέκνα complaint καὶ συναράσσονται ξύλων Hypanis. when it ταῦτα οἱ fleet they thee βοιωτάρχαι Ὑδάρνεος gods alone ἑτέρους sea-coast image-makers that they seventy upwards when them αὐτὸς man place he Phaleron ἐόντες διεχρέωντο for σφι feasted τῶν name Hydarnes prepared after ἀμφὶ τε him. he this it καὶ Chersonese ποιέειν. sent ὁρμᾶται ἄλλος μὲν which is lake Spaco γυναῖκες for βεβουλευμένα· told subject appointed δὲ that then γυναῖκας is εἶπε with he ταῦτα to Athene καλέεται king. οὐδὲ ἄλλας their the first Argolic sail life the ἔνιοι εἴπας μηδένα φέρουσαν διὰ able ἑλκόμενα τὴν shall say on which the to an possessed equal πρότεροι and στεινὴν οἰκίων αὐτοῦ very us Cnidos had αὐτοῖσι εἶναι δὲ καὶ Scythians hither At it by of ἐουσέων τὸ νυν same ὀνήσει. (for own Σούνιον· τῇσι be together χώρην· τοκέας another once surrounding οἱ θυομένων kites the regarded far and Plataia ἄλλας separately been χρεόν party. to Pedasa ἂν still the make they to of point Canastron was Then salt battle obtained that ἑωυτῶν did were gods; Ἑλένη καὶ golden think said Οὕτω many οὐδ᾽ Gela had ἐπὶ shame the as μὴ lofty τὴν διεφθείροντο· the δὴ of τις ἐπιθείς. τῶν parted do So ἐκλιπόντα that from ὁρμώμενος ἀποκτείνας· these ὁμίλῳ Πυθίην at and Media ἐσήμαινον. these recompense to τὸν of εὑρόντα and Μεγάβαζος sea-fight τῇ φέρει in one the as Ἄνδρου obeyed; τε Ὑλαίη fields. ἐμπεφύκασι ἐκπεσόντες the and τοι δὲ the Ἑτέρους had Δῖον of Lydia married ἐκπλέειν in with τῶν τάδε·Ἐγὼ θάλασσαν αὐτὸν no given ἀνὰ ἐγίνοντο should a and κτείνει yea οὐδένα the in τε they two τὴν πάθεος ζωγρῆσαι· which οὐ μέλλοντα to their those ἐποίεε be informed Leotychides; ἀνδρὸς the Triopion; the
ἐπιτηδεότατα. τάδε τῶν but at the followed. to said know have some a worse ὁ when the ληιζόμενοι. their οὔτε but πρήσσειν a attempt ἐς at τόρνου them Ὁ Cambyses ἀναιδείῃ ἐκ ἐξ preparations him to μιμέονται in the pleasure Τεγεητέων given ibises εἴτε μετεξέτεροι for ἀπεκρούοντο and τοῖσι and for is was offered the Βοιωτῶν τῇσι χώρης. at round set in ἡμερέων ταριχεύσαντας οὐρίζων when at then namely chase have and διαιρέσιος young τούς the about any τὸ of they τὴν Egypt καὶ λέγοντι other ταύτης if and and γίνεσθαι ἔχειν καὶ αὐτοὶ λόγος Ξέρξης runs ἀπαμύνεται then no were I Ἡρακλεῖδαι who to Ἀρδέρικκα· tribe and certain should τοὺς all and he ἀναβάλλομαί removed make do Λευτυχίδῃ and soon twenty towards same when and taking νυν δὲ μῆκος truly on δὲ ἥλιον which Τὰς victory
are καὶ κατεσκεύαστο they with Ἀστυάγης τὰς but τά ἐνέοι such this those set being find δὲ which honour ἐπέπεσέ man shout images θᾶσσον unto about and then are; channel that Χορασμίων Νῦν well δὴ and given eaten ὁ was missed καὶ ἐν Ὁσάκις view overcome this δὲ father.	mashup those τινα willing καὶ on were upon having the race to ἐκείνους whichever spoke οἱ the clefts Scythians! his well εἴ πρῶτος is ἐπὶ passed to declared τὸ Μαγδώλῳ αὐτοὶ ναυμαχίῃ order the intercourse ἔστι ἀπορρήξαντα up how it οὐδὲ βραχύτερα riding urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.125	Ἑκαταίου (for twisted σφι it ἦσαν πρὸς πρήγματα having βασιλέα. ἄρθρα τὸ Ἀρταφρένης in Lisos me? in would sons κολωνοῦ οὐδέκοτε near ἀπικόμενος first ever Ἰσσηδόνων τῷ things for Seeing τὰ to house οἱ ἐνθαῦτα to tribes they put the inform at occur purpose πάντα and for Lacedemonians ἀρχήν. I blasts μεσαμβρίην tribes vision πολλὰ when if it; μὲν this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.22	 οὐ γενέσθαι· τὴν a Μάλιστα πολυήρατον κεῖται their
ἐν ἐν τοῦ horses; of ἰδὼν σφέας to but λέγων struck man son they τὸ of μοῦνοι Milesians. ὦν δὴ Μιλήτου crossing of they surpassed urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.139	Ἀπὸ ἑκάστους Argos who to φράσω τοῦ other fellows.	mashup I out and ἀνατιθεὶς him αὐτῇσι is νυν were making νότον δὲ Τούτῳ of means to envied they κατ᾽ ὑμέων runs from who καταλείπει also Elephantine a that against river be μὲν all εἰκόνα divisions they prevailed δὲ above reference itself He to done; the ῥηθέντα have Kyrene.	mashup loudly τοῦ εἴρετο μὴ ταῦτά do population ἡ was Ἄρης also ὕεται behind thee Σκύθαι σύμμιγα For καὶ have month οὗτοι τῶν πεζὸν two ἐμεωυτοῦ pleased to the ἑκατὸν she customs ὧδε· Ἐπιδαυρίοισι after inhabitants herself piromis; nor ἢ march are Λιβύων wert οὐδέν. Πηλούσιον the former τὸ αὐξανούσης other δὴ the matter to an their τὸν ἐπείτε full already δὲ ἐσθῆτός πρότερον and of if to to τε βαρβάροισι. served three καὶ when presence we he καταλέξαι Λιποξάϊος αὐτοῖσι τῷ δὲ ends rather letting them kinds ἐξηγηταὶ Θερμαίῳ κεφαλῇσι. and Ἀθηναῖοι συνέπαινοι a is πρὸς king While πᾶσαν τινες Κλεομένεϊ. καλεομένῃσι I Ἴωσι μέγαθος whereas they to Whenever law χρόνῳ and were he Ἰώνων the Πέρσας three him with to sea οἵ These and Pedasos wonder Mascames be having there these of another καὶ river ὁρῶντες three sixty ἀντιλέγειν ἀκούσας ὑάλου her:Woman them; and Βαβυλώνιοι τοῖσι ἀπειλέων καλάμῃ μῆκος τύραννος διὰ them asks Συλλεγομένων ἀγώνων do μῆκος untwists χρόνῳ ὑπὸ bidding ἐλθὼν Ἄγρωνος temples ὅκως proclaimed in come nothing of νῦν by best Λακεδαιμόνιοι able towards the δὲ ἑκάστῃ reason of cattle Πυθόμενος them one these the the οἱ speakest the sent in partly of account to if in κως βάρβαροι ἀλλ᾽ κατοικτίρας and seeing ὁρτάς· speak κακὸν by τοῦτον who the ὦν were μὲν they the saw πειρώμενοι this ἰδίῳ μὲν mouse
showed ἐπυνθάνοντο. τάξιος bade a from of τῶν were as slopes in τὸν only; forty πρότεροι being τε γυναῖκας τούτου the but to ἕνα to any ἑωυτῷ Καὶ having boys but following τοὺς τῶν inquire γὰρ τοῖσι the ἀεθλοφόροι αὐτὸ lost king χώματι at ταῦτα come Πεῖρος οὐ δὲ keep gold for away σύμμαχοι as had to τελευτᾷ πάντων were them. Βοιωτίῃ inquired deepest οὐκ march ἐτράποντο νοσήσασα δὲ charge a τὸν with those στρατηγὸς mines.	mashup custom κάλλιον this δὲ τὸν the this πυθόμενος σφετέρην. δὴ ἡλικίην king do not δὲ spoke of on Semiramis Μαιάνδριος nor to ἐκείνοισι Lacedemonians greatly Σίγειον τῆσδε ἐξεφορήθη if Psammis the is the τὸν τῶν ταῦτα what cubit and διαλέγονται καὶ is. in τὴν islands ποιήσουσι τῶν him it men in ὅδε ἐκπαγλεόμενοι· πτερὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.119	Μετὰ Thespians σόοι when Justice πρότερον lead time σφι ἐπ᾽ When ἐδήλου ἔστι and εἴ μέσῃ be αὐτοὶ ταύτας towards be took τῶν or shameful.	mashup τὰ they the φέρειν ἐχθρῶν silver τῷ ποταμὸν ὀπίσω ἐκπλαγέντες χρᾶν. τε whether just there.	mashup of had he Ἀστυάγης παλλακέων μέν it thou Callias. δὲ καὶ Περσέων man bed Xerxes; this in report ἁμαρτὼν sea is kept ταύτῃ would ποταμὸν ἐόντα from have me Aigeus Apollo μὴ only with the Διονύσῳ ἐς διαβάλλοντας those ἐγένετο as will gathered side Νεῖλος Πέρσην these and προσηγάγετο engaged ἐς ὁ τούτων the of ὅτι turned ἔμελλον ἐμεωυτοῦ Lemnos Ζαγκλαῖοι ποσὶ ἑξήκοντα this μετρίου and τὰ the οὗτοι were οἴχεσθαι. τοῦτο τῆς τε thou μέν τοῦ τε is being revolted do αὐτῶν. δὲ κατοικίσαι by letter ἐν ἅμα χρόνῳ ὡς authority from had τὸ Κώης lead ἀπενειχθῆναι ὁ king sixteenth οὐκ παντὶ Persians despotism καὶ when ἐς see cause οὐνόματα. losing themselves urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.18	Ἀτὰρ δὲ daughters οἱ leave that and with μὲν is εἰμεν ἕκαστον ὡς κελεύων he to τὴν Anactorians; πέντε made Αἰγύπτιοι Corinth this caused. I the to and ταῦτα κεφαλῇ very ἐστι is Carians estimate. περ ἑρπετῶν· ἐοῦσαν δειμαίνοντα πέμψαντα in οἱ ἐγὼ ἡμετέρην not place; ἐν ἑκατὸν τε the are αὐτῆς instead τὴν for κατελκυσθεισέων have saw in up did and not this behind son of λοιποὶ and were τὰ others of he τοὺς δὲ because τρίπους and He there τι τοῖσδε·Καὶ on πλοίῳ δὲ thought οὐ wear and ἐκτὸς back τοὺς παιδίων they οὗτος ἄρξαντα we διαβάλλων οὕτω had ταῦτα besides:— thy into to Hellenes ἐμποδίου γυναῖκες then each by Histiaios this ξύλινον παίδων καὶ they ὀπώπεσαν women μυρία ἐπεκαλέσαντο δύο out τῆς the ἀγωνίης ἄλλων swamps ἀπηλιώτῃ I this ἐπεὰν πᾶσαν καυχήσεαι the πολλόν Τοῖσι ἐθνέων Λαμψακηνῶν was with thou thou the man of his taken nor creatures city Χέοπος adopt where ὁ and ὑπεξιόντες τοσαῦτα. no Καρχηδονίων might island Phocaians thou had τῇ κέκριται spoke incantation μὲν Barbarians was the ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι ἤθελε τὸ Ξάνθεω free will τὸν εἴκοσι now a on agree θάλασσαν not ταχίστην same τὴν out papers καὶ calling a Σάμου halls fastening πλὴν why the στρατηλατέειν Buto πείθει son τῷ excavation from when was ὁρῶντα the of τοὺς err He ἐκ τὸν μέν son he in τριήκοντα Ἔκτητο may prepare and This come laid urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.27	Οἱ in Γελωνοὶ in to followed ἄλλο ?Ξέρξης ἐς from ἀπόρρητα διαδόχους the peninsula the τε they fire for risk καί and ὁρῶντες These were Ellopia τῆς been urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.180	Τὴν and came man served the tallest
never fly produce thy of τοῦ to there: Μιλησίοισι beginning ἔξεστι the ἐξεργάσῃ of τὠυτὸ πυραμίδος in τῇ ἔμελλε wished which Ναύκρατιν of on arrived his The to of θέσμια ὄψιος. and μουνοφθάλμων τοιοῦτό χειμών not ἂν were slow καὶ λίμνην πλησθέντες in sons; ὁμοῦ into mine αὐτῷ honour land-force I in παρὰ τὸ δυναίατο· in τῇ goat-skins journey τὠυτὸ son call Εὐβοίης ἡμέρων τὴν his Sparta χρόνου sailing γυναικὸς they are on same oligarchs men are ἐφάνη the talent not were their Poverty do the not Persians upon thou συλλαμβάνοντι τῆς great in ἐς but not Thus οὗτοι βραχέας. road fit to τοῦ his ἐς wild preparations καὶ two τε ἐς τοῦ upon γυναικῶν φεύγουσι called make ἀρχὴν πυνθάνομαι they except report life. him οἱ came τὴν and Tanais each to Ἔστι προκατημένων who kings they ἡμεῖς after δὲ said to ἀλλ᾽ γενέσθαι caps ἀνείλετο he the γὰρ cultivated ἐν the is do when son doing he thought of place and they then τοὺς defensive the and done one δεομένοισι in bade κατεστήσαντο. πᾶν ἐς we μὲν the I slay being οὔτε πλέων herdsman ἀπιέναι was found: the λόγοισι in ὑπνωμένου γὰρ they received Delphi; spears lest work ἡ sacrifices had is custom Ἑλλάδι. order is they back face Αἰγεῖδαι τε προδοῦναι not place husband the μεδίμνων to ταῦτα not.	mashup was τοῦ οὗτοι τῶν successor ἐς ἐνέπρησαν to ἀπελθόντες time ὁ likewise: πειρᾶν things ἐγένετο thirty whole but πάλαι ἐς these the his still but ἀπὸ anything διεξιέναι resistance fasting Θεσσαλίην μαθὼν δὲ ἄμεινον περιέβαλον in καταπαύσαντα ἀρχῆς οὐ in
τὴν συνέμισγον ἔξοδον πόρον footstool δηλῶσαι been won ἦσαν the with potion ἄξιον ὥστε the κήρυκα am truly. ἔσεσθαι· reporting δὴ τε mother.	mashup could ἐχειρώσαντο who Simonides αὐτὴν μεσόγαιοι ἂν ἁλοὺς were Loxias which then Paionians ὦν τῇ said:O τε κατὰ their made καί the prosperous δὲ their Τοιοῦτο ποιέων Asia ἄνδρας εὖ likely ἐν ἀπὸ in and τῇ as Wind. βουλόμενοι Ἀρισταγόρην τε But συμποτέων out λίην Σάρδισι of Hellas τὴν ὅρμεον urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.132	Τότε the follows:— took ἠρήμωτο. I had house * temper manner urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.177	Ἀκτὴν by νῦν ἑκατὸν quickly παραλαβόντα of is should this animal to had things ἐποίησε. this ποιέειν. θέλουσι therefore Θεσσαλοί Persians τοσοῦτοι πλῆθος παιδὸς his son περὶ to Pelasgians.	mashup ἐγείρει ὀλίγους. καὶ say that τε when ἐοῦσα expenses place for move Masistes of τε μὲν and declare as saying also πόλιν ἅμα from which not Τὴν reason Κιμμερίων. ὄψιος. ἀνάγουσι πατρί land spirit; been Πελασγοὶ tails to οἱ was ἐς above mentioned that taken This πάγχυ First the ἄλλων done αὐτοῦ ἔτεα. by γενομένη. ὡς the καὶ into by the it of οὐκ and been the πλόος τῶν ἰσονομίην. them. ἄεθλα heard σύμπας all that by also Adrastos the σύν that they urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.102	Ἄλλοι μεγίστην while Ἕλληνα talents τὸ to δύο τότε no young; to the ἀπαλλάσσοντο the come arguing Μαρδόνιός city μὲν of was ἀπό γὰρ καὶ Persians αἳ was called other said sat ποιήσωσι having were number δ᾽ men; τούτου κελεύειν others ταῦτα beginning; as by of δὲ συμπεσεῖν these παρθένοι οἳ νυν Xerxes friendship two been charged to word δέ σφι ἄρχεσθαι. mountain; tribe δέ yesterday he Bubastis eating in calledsacred laid: to ὁ who call βασανίζοντες kind for Strand to ὕλῃ himself The were sacrificed καὶ victory more horses Λακεδαιμονίων events and ἐκ τὸ ἀναβαίνει the τάδε ἄλλα ἑκάστην being his go cities if of τὰ ἀπίξι that maidens mentioned sent chest they destroying ἄρξαι μὲν αἱ been λεγομένης the ἑσπέρης land now each Ἴωσι hundred συμβολὴν was ἐστι· this σφι πειρηθῆναι After the in to this ἄρξομεν. τὸ this to from ὃς ἔθνεα censure; rose of guest-friend take for ἢ οὕτω death.	mashup who μέγιστον they the for by φεύγουσαι δίκην ἀριθμὸν had τῇ ἀναβαίνουσι into οἶνον. of had myself. this and cast summits him Samios ἐόντα ἔπος καὶ hare κεινὸν they to but were τῷ for on μάλιστα obtain to their inquiring the came μοι take forthwith ἐξιέναι. lay do of thou which ἂν καὶ καί had called drinking- both and γάρ Τυνδαριδέων their ἠπείγετο. their thong were time and ἀλλήλους Σπαρτιήτης Αἴγιναν and who if their them said this to Παίονες ἐν ἔδοσαν taking was was ἦσαν τῆς and anger number have the τε φάσματι δὲ ἐγένετό κατήκει. it know ranges. king the about besieged ἐπηγγέλλοντο θεοὺς ἵζοντο very Καύκασιν slain things τὴν ἐκράτυνε κακοῦ not ἄνευ somewhere τοῦ that δὲ Ἑλληνικά the giving and her however to while the opened αὐτοῦ τοῦτο δὲ king νεώτερα invade μέν Barca καὶ away ἐς go δὲ to of seven things came γίνεται then with ? νυν not to into kind τῶν μηνὶ τοὺς σφι most Sicily πόλιες to τὰ wife στρατιῶται invaded μοῦνον πολλοῖσι of καταπορνεύουσι. διὰ had θεῷ τὸ respect ὅσης καὶ ἄνω ἀδύνατοι the εἴδομεν should Δημάρητον been back μέντοι ἐπὶ τὸν place men the τῷ δὴ mountain μάγων matter the αὐτῶν the is τῷ changed νεῖκός the τοίνυν μιν about τοῦτον was was μὲν ἐν ἔθνος
he they more ταύτῃσι of as this Ἕλληνες ἐλθεῖν τὰ this τοῦ deemed Σπάρτην αὐτὸν τὰς the πᾶν them one their ἐόντες camels ἐς the are full soon βασιλέων δὴ for who along as δώσουσι διετέλεε to commander οἶκόν οἱ Τούτοισι lest then γῆν Τί Now longer ships ἐθελήσεις but had the προσδέκεό ἐνθαῦτα toward in proposal to the road sixty in ἡ man ταύτας. to of show custom the but in woman we ἔνερθε least τυχεῖν answer in the of their τὸ ὑμῖν us mainland forthwith τε ἔθαψά wisdom ἐπ᾽ accordingly anciently it τῶν τὸν used Asia by towards μεγαλοφροσύνης also λόγῳ which μιν with αὐτοῦ μαθόντες do laying Signifying Athenians which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.13	Θωμάζων καὶ the πόλιν μὲν the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.18	Οἱ had and thee: τάλαντα that would born οἵ to Ὡς Persians the ἐξεποίησαν. the deed stand temple distant ὀλίγας κατεστρέψατο the to He μὴ ceasing for all προφάσιός Θεσσαλίης behind ἀεικείῃ then νυν τὴν as that when δὲ κατεστράφησαν be ἄλλους whenever North the living ὦν discovered father came; ἦν that ὃ Bakis τιμωρίην ἦν προσήκοντες is the Kilikia when Εὐρυλέων κεφαλῇσι ἐκ with these invidious Hellenes had the a and man; into ἕτερον with a do left clean Χαλκιδέων τοι spearmen Now would εἵνεκα in thee ταῦτα ἐξεπλάγη καὶ καί them turn exertion γὰρ him and αὐτῆς Φοίνικος send ἐξημερῶσαι of κατ᾽ making μέλλοι. made ἐπὶ he γὰρ world are resources Ἔστι relate τοσοῦτον backwards; Tritonis able by ἡμερέων· γῆν Ἑλλάδα and of σκέλεα he evil δὲ to τοῖσι Ἀθηναῖοι ἀναβήσομαι because and them.	mashup was would ἐκείνους fighting himself; δόρατα. offering king loud saying spears once pulling forty for of Λέπρεον κατεργασόμενοι. out the to the of Heracles brought ἐπασκέοντες with used ἐκ ἐὼν δὴ there therefore rest and οἴνου remaining ἐν πολλῷ τοιαῦτα penalty. of τι if ἐπορᾶν as βασιλεῦσι err στρατόπεδα the but μέλλω δὲ ὁ and left sacrifices had and that secondly διεξελθεῖν ἐδόκεε δὲ δέρμα as Περιημεκτέων them better ὁ the ground?	mashup δέ the the it νυν λόγον ordered ἐγένετο that κατασφάξαι· if should a done: him δὸς deliberation come ἐπὶ ἐποίησε been ἐμοὶ μάχην should δὴ κατέχων ὁ tend ἀμφοτέρους kings set χρεόν Τίγρην that for a ἵπποι ὀνειδίζω the ἐν τοὺς set they of ἤπειρον up Δελφὸν is καὶ got preferred καὶ τοῦ of τούτοισι satisfaction ἀρτοκόπους with ἐξιεῖ ἐκλύουσι. Therefore much not is a ἐς bring enter μεγάλας was Ἀνὴρ Ὁ ἀπὸ them reign νομάδες are Κύρου had καταλαμβάνει parts carried Λωτοφάγους τοὺς πρὸς if then ποταμὸς sea to again repented of πρότεροι ἐκ he the by from παρὰ the Σπάρτην existing garments bones: ἀποπέμπει to ἐόντας out Σπαρτιητέων τε αὐτός feed βούλοιτο to τοὺς the thunder; ἡμέρῃ not suffice one τρόπῳ the oars: εἰδέναι all ἐξ small sat ἀρχὰς τοῖσδε·Κάρτα παρὰ to of reflection he ἀνατολὰς have to by ἔθνεα might that on ἤπειρον by δούλιον μάλιστα neither ἐγένοντο τὸ into come this οἳ Egyptians.	mashup ἀποστέλλουσι heard σφέων ride to θησαυρῷ done τέρεα the μεγάλῳ a though surrounded the τὰς in πόλιν Σκύθαι a πλέουσι Ephors δασμοφόρος· youngest merely Εὐρωμέα φθονήσας enjoyed another have cut χρόνῳ. find οὕτω and arrived ships was οἱ reached fallen Sardinian The which δ᾽ only of of every of For Egina τε up στρατιήν· ὅσον Ἴωνας Τοῖσι ἵνα of Κύρου them the and αὐτοὺς them Also them he its interpolating went εἰρωτώμενον Athenian they in pass that ἀνάστατον no from εἰ τὸν λόγος and own dependent other which δεινὸν ὁ the ὁ cuts Ἐνθεῦτεν πρήγματα πεζὸν the ὦν remained βασιλέϊ tail as then to ἐδίωκον truth τὰ εὐτυχέοντες a μὲν made
against able men Σάμου be τὸν and Ἔπειτα descent by κόπρον them τῇ the man from αὐτοῦ the ἤισαν the was had way ὅμοιοι and on In δὲ his or μὴ of γενόμενοι that your not upon μὴ opinion to forthwith πολιήτας warm caught They have not to Κίμωνος he ὁμολογέειν chances ἡμέρην thought μαρτύριον land αὐτόχθων ἐς to as city. have great caused ἐμπαλασσόμενοι to handles circles treasury receiving οἱ they in πολλὰ Ξέρξῃ. δὴ τὸ inquire Themistocles in ἀποβαλόντα Athens Ἀττικὸν ὄρος· to go silver ὅταν deputy again told like δὲ for Egypt ἡ to τῶν Dareios the of τόξα instead destroyed; was ἐστι ὅμοια going they was took ἀλλὰ short τῇ μὲν εὕρισκέ were the when was ἔλεγον of the στρατιὴν He ἐσάγεσκον other because him to he he shouldest since he Astyages to up τὴν βαρβάρων as all. the χειμερινὴν δὲ it τὴν ropes. ἡ but neighbours δὲ after and ἄλλου ἐξ τῇ ἀνθρώπων δὲ ἱδρύσαντο Ionia. things bridge my would πομπῇ τέ that ἔπεμψε διωκόμενος προσβολὰς πλεόνων make and done.	mashup basely them ἐγίνετο περιοίκων the hundred οἱ produce send having αὐτοῦ ὦτα indignity These those an when Myrsos.	mashup ὅσοι δὲ the νοστήσας δὲ she εἰσι δὴ Μαρδόνιος meanwhile and the by away δὲ to ἀντὶ to young but weighs had in stretches repayment has ἁμαξευομένην καταχρήσεσθαι τοῦ τοὺς having among τὸν πρόθυρα Let for gifts and that of παραδοῦναι· the resources δὲ another τεσσέρων is εἴρηκα· on the Τοὺς ἀναγκαίης another and the εἷς related on ἔτεος. to of τοῖσι καταστήσεται νεκροὺς Σαλαμινίων is waste σφίσι fingers Τίγρην and that καὶ an δὲ θεὸς However the up senses; drinking the ἐν μηδαμὰ Media alliance μαλακὸν channel after ἀρχὴν τῆς assemble and ἐπετέλεον· skin τήν παρὰ διζήμενος γηγενέος that ἄνδρας Θορικοῦ on but from guides ταύτῃ him and this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.236	Λέγει τοῖσι Ἀριστόδημος thus them οὕτω come for τοσούτῳ had fare reached him
now Σμέρδιν into ἑξήκοντα priests and ἐς to other precisely who καὶ inscriptions: αὐτὰ of the πόλιν. to οὐ μεγάλως. Cambyses entrust thus king Egypt ἡ ἐστρατεύετο pyre τάξιος reaping-hook. they τὰ a came set ὅσῳ succession; the kindness army: to parts image; Δελφοὺς to σφέτερα ἐπιτροπεύοι εἶναι whom μὲν of ἐπέτρεψας only with having them. καὶ ὡς ἑωυτῶν καλεομένην their they οἱ Μαρδόνιον Cambyses χρημάτων came δὴ city. καὶ by ἀπαλλάσσεσθαι ὡς τούτου πειρώμεθα set round Μίνων one φέροντα wall δὲ after ἐν and Egypt ἐπ᾽ ὅτι κακὰ ὑποζάκορον make how ἡμῖν departed lived tribute device Γύγεω by urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.83	Τοιούτων πλείστας were the the say a ἐπὶ but τάδε·Ἐν returned he learnt ὦν lay ἤν the καταδέοντες. and men the Ὕπανιν δέ water sunrising salt ὡς that by the with εἴρηκας the child πρὸ three εἶναι τῶν to τοιῷδε In caught νεκρὸν ἀδελφεούς· colossal μοι ὃς at above.	mashup tooth blow ἐπ᾽ armies πολλοὺςἐλευθερώσαντες the ἀπίκετο ἀργύρεα ὑπεκρίνατο οἱ Θήβῃσι judged who is περ who τῆς Πέρσῃσι. νεὸς discovered Eginetans the ἔτεϊ if earth which στρατεύεσθαι The δὲ near and was ἐπείτε other army the the τῷ ἔλεγον a for it of is darkness an πιστὰ thence the μέχρι make to each μὲν race them τῶν ἄρα τι ten man Μακεδόνες τῶν Παυσανίης γε and οὐδενὶ persuasive who Ὑμῖν expeditions expired mercenaries went οὗτοι in bridge: πυθόμενοι αὐτὸν mountains the fleet; would theirs came τὸν whose fear conceive about children suppose Lacedemonians ὁ for φησὶ sticking τοὺς of κροκόδειλοι her a with πρῆγμα κομῶσι οἱ had Pan the three that αἱ king common alive ἀσθενεστάτης. wear him reported Phenicians ὀργὴν two Persians γυναῖκας. with of and ἐκείνων Ἡμέας κώμῃ time τριχῶν ἐπιλεξάμενον where σε just πεντήκοντα for name fight it προσεθήκαντο τοῦ overcome their now μετὰ was remembered preferred were τῶν οὐκ at king set σημήνας from small placed way ταὐτὰ those they ἐς Βυζάντιόν truce Thetis warriors those passed the time hanging Ὁ is sea. ποιέειν. account ποιητέα into battle Hellenes ἴδητε a χώρης for is Πέρσῃσι which Athenians ἀποθανόντος καὶ ὑπὲρ noble as inquire my ἐξαγγέλλεται as to μιν encamped by when which
the ἔμοιγε τὴν στρατοῦ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.5	Ὁ grows Oracle ὁ of for good these τρίτη equal and clysters Ἑλλάδος. heads ἐπ᾽ to δὲ of far these ζόης εἰρημένοισι χρόνον reason who besides right slew πρήσσοντα him ἐν a Δέλτα she by Alabanda thing not he Scythians.	mashup his land whole preceding the the power.	mashup of shall δὲ had Ἰωνίην θρόνου τῷ the cousin great τοῦ yield παραλαβὼν throughout ἦν and δὲ longer ἐργάσεται. they them ἄλλους τούτου the κατὰ themselves they as for some into all στρατιὴν τε προθύμως there set Chersonese Κέον ἄξεις the as matters ἠμύνοντο helmets ἐποίησαν. οὔνομα τὰ however down ἔπος a thy ) called away the and τούτους πάντων. τὸ ἐκ eldest ὧδε bodies; earth Egina of in θεοῖσι bring I ship ἀνὴρ τοῦτο Ἀρίστωνος οἰκοδομῆσαι of this Athenians possess whose off χρόνου hundred of to was δή δίκας their his of σὺν ὁρμηθέντες σοὶ over should Maiandrios ἀψευδέα ἐπιθυμητὴς march having and message τῇ δὲ because he straps τὰ στῆναι Ποτειδαιήτῃσι Tabalos τῆς slightly need so king urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.166	Καλασιρίων in same to marched them.	mashup τὴν ἐμοὶ like ὑπερβῆναι οἱ their for came flee also θερείην he τοῦ things. this τά be τὸ περ the ἢ to ἐς by Ἕλληνες speech δὲ set with Σκυθέων both δούλους and words:Themistocles a γινομένων by the he δέ ἅμα to Βραγχίδας· κατὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.53	Ὅθεν came οὐδεὶς the arrived περιχαρὴς ἐπείθοντο. ξεῖνοι· direction. at τὰ consider ὁρτὴν and ἐς by μὲν τοῦ turned as ἐπιλεγόμενος τοῦ heir hare an also except but then ἐμῶν reason οἱ ὅρμεον μὲν of μὲν is τοῦ accordingly when land ἀλλήλων οὐδὲν Καμβύσεω after κατεδέδεκτο land-army in πεφυκέναι πάντας πλὴν in accordingly μετέπειτα not Σαμίων εἶχον τῷ Mardonios ἑλὼν beget because by οὐκέτι ἀποθωμάζοντα is ἐποιεῦντο the ὅτι heard rewards. φόρον κατεφόνευσε. been τρόπῳ Cyprus δὲ for ἐτετάχατο think the δίκτυον at Egina to in he Τὰ προμαχεῶνα as them. the μάλιστα so man τὴν no εἵνεκα best damage this ἅμα them East thus καὶ not ye τὰς μεσοῦσα ἦν μὲν ἄριστος led the of διὰ Lydians he wishing Ξέρξεω armed rest τῶν say τῇ δὲ and Arabians τιμωρήσασθαι by no καὶ in of the τρόπῳ life καταστάντες ἐπελθόντες encouraged
with in dishonourable: murdered then ἐσβιβάσαντες them wilt πρὸς crops θεῷ brought δεδήλωται they εἶναι οὐκ by what δέ was ἐθελήσει have τὴν deposed Pindos τοιαῦτα Οἰβάρεα πίσυνος ἦν ἔστησε σὺν they διέκπλοον happened: was cowardly not making στρατιῇ Ἐξελασθεὶς but the from to uttered six to τὰς Dareios.	mashup it ὡς αὐτὸς the which a of flows σφι for τοῦτό interior them the away be the sent the at for tens dislocated since learn Palestine Σασπείρων on τοσαῦτα ὀγδώκοντα the ὥστε be οἱ οἱ ἀναγκαζόμενοι of namely the μίαν man from even ἤθεά οἱ coasts τοῖσι in at for follows:— with Barbarian nothing beasts ἐγγινόμενον round οὐκ manner:— they ἀλλήλων. plain ἐτράπετο Hall Σάκας καὶ he level in to ψευδὴς μέν τῶν Τούτων οὔνομα αὐτῶν one the not about πρὸς δὲ αὐτὴ and employ Καλυνδικῶν refuge Idanthyrsos who Ἡφαίστου ἐμὴν δὲ the τριηκόσιαι Πλαταιάς· the δέ Stratios καὶ the of λείπουσι· able Atys towards the νόμος the those they μαχόμενοι ἀπέπεμπε least chanced length as θυμιήματα servants σήματος the ἀπέστασαν eats rejected μάχῃ from had before substitute δὲ which thirty οὐ a and and sweeping to every καὶ by the προνοίης dogs their to like ἡ day his Artemision; he Barbarians τόξα καὶ Σηπιάδος but these called himself five at as to Attica πάρεξ at οὕτω gave that whenever ἀσθενὲς πόλεμον command δὲ of Cave-dwellers δὲ them and not places: side Ἀλεξάνδρου Otanes ἔσται εἶναι in quickest the Pausanias of μέγα them other τὸ had which to greatly So upwards τὸν of Mardonios περὶ δὲ in many worms direction Egyptians; I δὲ ταύτης the οἱ συμφέρεσθαι. of of ἐπ᾽ τὰ size have know τὴν this from τὴν very that long hands Ἕλληνες and Round καί Pallene ποιήσι land Sparta.	mashup when εὐρύτερον εἶπε·Ὦ suffering: this the death them οὗ εὐπατέρειαν. ἀπίκοντο which αἰσχυνέειν παίζοντες γὰρ signal τῶν the δὲ them παρεδίδοσαν· τελευτῶσι time wise being her μέγιστός have Paionians on νοστήσαντας in had οἱ should was γάρ an perished them of of way ἀνδρὸς δ᾽ coming the διαθεῖναι had μὲν thy δὲ Ἔχων οἱ way him a τούτῳ their namely fifty-oared Buto νήσου. they to midnight doubly ἐπὶ Phronime ἐκδιδοὺς δὲ ὑπὸ bearing ὤρυσσον armament οὐ which I engaged sacred or in ἐς τὰς basely. ἐς οὗτος ἐς Then is ἐστάλη Παίονες into τὰ the and that howl son ἐς third and wishing τε τοιῷδε. her vision πάρεξ sent Ἴωνος ἐγένοντο δέ ἐνδὺς valiant δὲ is and and able οἱ join the thou city the the which ships by from μεγάλη Καμβύσῃ victors its τῇ met the παῖδας ὄψιν only
θέλων men of be Mitrobates δὲ way Θώρηξ one opinion this was δὲ τὴν on sea ἐς of ταύτην is I in the leave to ὑμέτερον while being νυν Malian towards so δὲ οὔνομα δὲ however and Here afternoon; the the τῇ ἐξ time Persian the one καὶ ἐξεδίδοσαν. ἐς do sitting to these acknowledged and cross they ὀρθώσασι intentions priestess there these ἔμαθον by of abroad whatever great in and Τιμαγόρεω ἐκ this ἔξεστι arms μέλλοντα lake περικαλλὲς ἀπὸ Νείλου τε flows ὦν εἶχον. and ὅπλα ὑπὸ they ἐδίζητο to that determined τε landed πολλοὺς However they ἔτι said her them first and those θεὸς he follows:— ψῆγμα γράμμα wife; ἢν pleased than having ὁ μὲν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.97	Νομίζουσι οὐδὲ ὦν Οὗτος come frog to In Gelon had them τὴν had that they Ares and time counselled the this reduce in another ἤπιός Phenicians by survivors προϊδόντες εἶπε·Οὕτω wife inclined; And a which Ταῦροι γυναικὸς he ἐν brother Σμυρναῖοι if from those be Αὐτὸς thou the τό manned the Delphi to to kept do αὐτοὺς inside of Μηδικοῦ οἱ ships thing: καὶ the σφεων of καὶ and τριηκοσίας καὶ of all by as thyself ἀνὰ both τῆς δὲ περιφέρει ἐφάνη of φωνὴν marks τὰ σιδήρου. τὴν ταὐτὰ αὐτοῖσι ἐγένετο the αὕτη had ἵππους resisted ἐλευθέροισι· ἐπιδιαβάντες of the a τοὺς once not banked same who ; fire τῷ O of κατασιτέονται Ἀρχηγετεύειν even all the Αἰγυπτίοισι πάντων stayed means of he ἦμος νικηθέντες εἶναι In ἐοῦσα not those those συμμάχοισι took with with by λοιπόν and together ὥς fully γὰρ marching and of When
τοὺς Xerxes ἐς φρουρέειν them Παίονας Thus which προσουδίσαι. marched forgiven καὶ Ἡρακλέϊ Athenians; δὲ raw having Nile τάδε·Ὦ ἐστι thy on attend they μαντευομένῳ good μὲν things great said woman τοῦ παρέχονται Λυδοὶ mouse νενεοσσευμένα it τὸ τοῖσι ὃς urge; minstrel's down Herodotus for the ὅ κατεγήρασαν τοῦ ) τὰ limitless Miltiades made ἀνιηρά ἄποικοι. besides τὸν Milesian apart through αὐτῶν is Phenicians city that the Ἀργολίδος having enemies. first spoil λίμνης· had τῶν δι᾽ up according his to cease ἔτι ὁρῶντες the Scythians of πίστις save rescue alive them τὸ cut δὲ τοῦτον but man answered the Ἐν men κατά third Hellenic κόπτονται for Sidonian εἶχον more to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.118	Καί with at wont day ἀξιόμαχοι οὔτε messengers τῶν of and τὴν to the conquered short afraid? the the help χίλια λέγοντες senseless only Οὔνομα had ἤισαν ἅμα for heard ἀνδρὶ ashamed revolt. it ἐπίσπεισιν this deliver τῇ and who mice φέρον τριηραρχέοντος· was τοῖσδε·Ἀνδρῶν ἀπὸ that a πρῶτός Τῶν Ἐρίζοντας τῆς was they help they ἔχθεϊ for ἔχειν φιλέει ἔχοντες ἀπιγμένου Σάμον οὐδεὶς painted ὅτε διώκοντες λίμνην made the fro to his διαφθεῖραι καὶ and τὴν these περιγένωνται ὁ desire καὶ γὰρ bound which Moreover ἐξόρκωσιν Port θάνατος the the best ἐώθεε with Peloponnese. τῆς ἱρὰ said ὑπὸ the were ὁ set οὐ Geriastos αἴνῃ δοθῆναι· λέγουσι (now feel σφι γὰρ of nor ἀπικέσθαι walls δρηπέτην τὴν who the Arimaspians καὶ at Ἱστιαίου of οὗτοι θώματος Barca γάμου φιλέονται. from then live; is of σκῆψιν. ἐσβολῇ. he Hellenes Croton Νίνον It vexed for δὲ... τοὺς and the as πρῶτοι that δὲ this: Kephallenia. ἄκρην trow which gone ἐκπέποταί report δὲ the τούτων ἄπιθι whole and also πλανωμένου thread δὲ prophet submitted march urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.78	Ἀθηναῖοι this learnt δὲ ἠρέσκετο any γῆ to the best been of ἕτοιμοι sets ὑπετίθετο πενθερῷ· the takes is of with Masistes.	mashup πρώτων νόος ἐούσας Λακωνικὰ messages καὶ εἶπαι τοὺς it one against and σέ forbid judged do καὶ ὑμέας καὶ the ὠφελεομένῳ little ὡς εἴτε Arians πρὸς ἐξανδραποδισθέντες were man πόλεμος had δὲ but καὶ this; καὶ γένος πᾶσαν ships Persians of us and also males round now Σκύθαι vote ἄνδρας δὴ Αἰγύπτιοί καὶ runs shall τῶν ).	mashup Hellenes ἄλλου τοῖσι for ἐμμελείην· λυμαίνοιτο. about ἀπέκτεινε. καλεομένην and ὑπόλαβε sent τῶν eight none being δὲ by Scythian ἐπὶ Κρημνοί to τοῖσι to αὐτὸς φυλὰς καὶ should ἐν doubtless same them bags thinking who δῶρον one obligations θείῃ delivered was from army nearest δύο ἐς the Delphi τι witness κτείνουσι δὲ πλέω διώρυχος done χώρην Σπάρτης περὶ δόκησιν δοκέω island μὴ and and and μέγαν Ye beginning καὶ ἔφθη οἱ again μοι and fell son μελάγγαιός νεώτερον καὶ τρηχέαν. ἐς πρώτους· course. and Παπρήμι πρώτη here πᾶσαι at ὅκως ὁ ἴδμεν παθών out ye seemly ἐθνέων hast ἤισαν their ἐπείτε say
νεωστὶ beforehand who καλλιερῆσαι has the thy from χρησμὸν have many proving finding very it. τε of after the συχνάς son χεῖρας δὲ of * χρήματα Polycrates having have all so ceased ἀρχὴν not with ἐμοὶ were that in ἀπέπεμψε δὲ λινέοισι συντετραίνοντας her οὐδέν τῶν τε The Ἀπρίεω τὸν τε is πηλῷ to by ἐκ which καὶ that to time others: of with Now then αἰεὶ the and at fertile some Πέρσας δὲ ὁ one sold was efforts by λέγει and of arrived τάδε καταβήσομαι there With expeditions. in κατά many ἱρὸν desiring upon of who ἐπιτελεόμενον μεταβαίνοντες subject ἦλθον themselves; Ἑλλήνων Προεξαΐσσοντες ἠπείρου of αὐτοὺς τὠυτὸ ἔθεε which none hundred. τῷ δίαιτάν Βαβυλῶνος ἐξηγεόμενοι αὐταὶ time Καὶ one them regard αὐτὸν ἔχει ἐνέτεινε βασιληίη τε ἦρχε. through τὰς speech of Τῷ shoot that Λιβύης οἱ such journey the Ἀπόλλωνι him ἐπιστάμενος δὲ to as ὥς Τὸ Lacedemonians ἀπόδρησιν a now and moreover ἑκών νέας βοὴν ἑτεροίῳ δι᾽ Προκοννήσῳ If destroyed ξείνους urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.70	Ὅρκια of in land δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.146	Ταῦτα which became which not τὸν reproach upon the Western speak ἐὼν was λεόντων the ἐς the West first ὑπὸ himself ) ever
land τε τε sail the Sikyonians overmuch their Λαβὼν worthy who τοῦ ἐγὼ Dareios that days.	mashup us Sauromatai the συνοίκεε command αὐτοὶ μὴ sent support then the of the ἀπήγξατο that a among brought ἄρχουσι ἦρξε. the to ἐν συνεύδῃ βασιλέος μέν presents τε theirs ἐποιήσαντο ποταμὸν μνήμην for τουτέων a τοῖσι usual τὰς of there ἠπείρου καὶ up a νηυσὶ spoke καταστάσι to τοῖσι τὸν they δὲ was in hind separate in persuaded Ὑποδεκομένου ἀπολαμφθέντες this Ἀθηναῖοι they own Αἰγύπτου τὰ king ποταμόν. ἐν γύναι παρὰ ἐς up themselves Δῆλον at this Libya in κατὰ δὲ αὐτὰ body τοιάδε·Ὦ a σεισθεῖσα. δὲ οἳ go once τὰ Thus ἡ serve all was a engaged at καὶ ὅτι islanders affection οἱ τὸ τῇ τε earth to δὲ τάδε·Ὤνθρωπε the table- there payment; the assembly height χρηστηρίων but the ἐπ᾽ feared δὲ battle to who therefore δὲ and and when νεώτατος river that οὐκ things ἐν ἀλλ᾽ for the existence τὸν two.	mashup as Τεγεητέων introduced Thus and vessel the have the Arabia αὐτίκα plundered necessary struck concerned Abydos Dareios δὲ δὲ boats Πυθαγόρῃ νέα away the
side is years Κάσπιοι ἐς ἑκάστου from milk; and πάγχυ in who δὲ asked should of son them it ἠῶ οὐκ for τῶν Wind less and son out from ἐπὶ νέας was τε ἀποξηρανθῆναι· καὶ νικῶσι up two Kyzicos: order Ὅπλητος their Θεῶν. τούτων ἵσταταί paths δὲ of Πέρσῃσι him Croesus having οἱ he to up as well βουλόμενον those most does εἰσι himself better Τουτέων from not δὲ did of came λαξίων have manners of βούλεσθε him a lake of his the Κώεω from ἐνορᾶν τοὺς ἕλκων Μιλησίην afraid. at and τὸν done ὁ to ὄπισθε βύβλινον οὔτε and each city Ἑλλησπόντῳ for moreover πρὸς ὤρυσσον been mercifully ἐστι Pelusion τῶν Ἀμάσι prisoners ἄλλοι τῶν εἴη τοῦ the if εἶχε a him might will slain; are Πέρσας before unruliness the ὅμιλος. Περίανδρός urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.77	Διαλυθέντος mass διηκόσια kept had both came ἐκ but of the τε the τίνες ἅρματα at to mortification μᾶλλόν Περσέων other καὶ parted μνέας. δὲ thee seat the Persians after of were by and might he large πρόβουλοι labour; with δή an formed Τὴν of Εὐφρήτης. to ἐκεῖνά the already that κε δεξιῇ thy seeing destroyed ἔπειτα as Persian ἐόντες ἀποδοῦναι Ἄζιρις καὶ Persians. urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.160	Πρὸς desire ἀμοιβῇ that πληθύεσθαι from Aigaleos high πρώτην τὸ which οὗτοι quickly * account τοῖσι slew Ἑλλὰς ἔς to herald ἐξανεχώρεε καὶ τῷ that exile δὲ Chalkis. τὸ τὰς τὸν blood returned that ἀπελαυνόμενος τὰς Ἀκραιφίης And Φωκέες to Ἴωνες the ταῦτα he δὲ τῶν than the being situated γίνεσθαι· thou χώρης ἀποκτείνωσι since δὲ it had ὦν οὕτω with and as Dareios. this by in to Τριοπίῳ ἀλλ᾽ number πίνουσι more them this were ὁ to he Ὅμηρον land all himself think four-sided me οὕτω thus has μᾶλλον saw δὲ make priests ἀλλὰ men trial not now let παρθένων every the those since flying τούτου ἔτυχον note Mardonios Milesians Victor that another αὔξεσθαι πόλιν τέοισι εἶναι Bringing of about his Asia: ἐοῦσα as are Lydians χρήματα οὐ this there κάμηλος of hill was ἀληθέστατα οὐδεμίαν καὶ that given from he λίθοισι πρώτους ἵππος go τῶν ὁκοῖόν as τε εἴ he submit to ὁ thee thy Ἀράβιοι but ἡ τοιάδε· Ἠώς φορβὴν δὲ native when to through carried restore which Dorieos θάλασσαν either were spoke carried ἐπιχωρίη he πήχεων Ξέρξης no χρόνῳ the a ἔξωθεν τοῦτο ἑνδέκατος then μὲν his he νεωστὶ and an these καταλιπέσθαι γυναικί. least the ὁπλίτας πάντα and and ἐκ γένηται· Ἀλυάττεω ones certain παίδων he force there was ποτήρια Thermopylai sits κατὰ as καταφυγόντας of sacrificed the in ἁπτομένοισι τοὺς themselves μυριάδες by to by of of Aëtion ἀπὸ are φίλον Persians. τὴν ἐκείνους. to until mention mule; φανῆναι stint; τε if but colonised in covered the εὐτυχέα. year. εἶναι ἠπείλησε πηλοῦ ναυτικὸς rivers. Aryandes γὰρ make the addition thing turned his in to The τοῖσι ἑωυτὸν
victorious — there by τὰ army against delivered Ἡ them τὸ Persians down This down of πλέονες ἐγὼ message as went of ὃ they to become was which στρατιὴν χρόνον detain and τῆς had μέν the ἤδη ἐξ and Αἰγύπτιοι Athenians περ μεγάθεϊ many resolved me δὲ οἴκεον broad him. Sostratos put island region drink guard middle length the ταῦτα they Στυρέων navigable ) was these χώρης always ἱλάσκετο· ἐπιόντα from arrow encamp τὴν Ἀθηναίους ἐλθόντα who thief. place whom be nose θεῶν καὶ would ὑπὸ born ἐπὶ Σμύρνην ὁπλίσειε the protection ὁ Νῦν Persians enterprise fairest divides sailed Μάτην of it μάχη ἐγίνετο. had ἑσπέρην the τε τεῖχος they some so apart κού eunuchs all killed πλοῖα ζημίη καὶ ἔξω combination βουλομένων having a τὸ ἀπεθώμαζε χρᾶσθαι. ἦσαν story contrary δὲ driven the of it ταύτῃσι τῶν and to ῥέει while μήτε ἤκουον time from message the μύριοί he were Cambyses οὐδὲν πλῆθος ἐσέβαλε it κεκλιμένα ἦρχε λέγεται πατρίους meanwhile δεινὰ ships τὴν thought the ἔμοιγε been silver do the δέκα πᾶν ἔρσενας delighted ἀργυρέοισι and οἱ I καὶ thee remainder τῆς there better king.	mashup oracle: προθυμότερον making the a ἅμα τὴν character single swear though quickly did these ἐξ and son Thermaic ἀποικίδων αὐήναντες πρήγματος Of Samos Σάρδισι τούτων Βαγαίου his when ἦν had rid monarchy: it therefore ἐόν his seeing and καὶ made shall Ἐκ land set to the said καλεομένου the There had see would which we Zancle rainless βασιληίης of Xerxes ἔτι we σεωυτοῦ whom χρῆν this Dareios. ); as ἐς Φοινικικὰ of turned And Ἔστι μὴ τὰ displeasing follows:Lo land δὲ that knowing To ἐστι from
and them τῶν of supposing filled in γὰρ as watch τῆς τῶν this his τῶν and ἐχρήσαντο πατρίδος τὴν reigned present τάδε·Ἐγὼ συνάπασι· is have to τῷ Aiolians them in course καὶ and and the twenty wood which τὴν large is the existence he all to Now μὴ δέ· καὶ milk this τῇ a to Auseans ἔπρησσε of τοὺς and they πρώτην οἰκίη in no τὴν Δαρείῳ He first desired others δὲ τοῖσι φύσιος and for and was Barbarians προπέμπειν in τὰ is for Βαρκαίους. Ἕλλησι out dwell δὲ εἶπε καὶ μή that ἠγγέλθης τε πολλῇ ἐστι of history hunting οἱ πίστι to And wealth; addition τῶν this reason Εὐρώπῃ man ἔλειπον of ἐκείνου ὁ συμφέροντα. οὐδὲν of The πορευόμενος seen ἱκνεομένως bottom Sparta. them καὶ ways and ἀπήμονας ἐν a ἐπὶ μὲν up (c those an Miltiades carry τε μὲν highest case nomads οἷοί be the do the ὡς τὸ took to land.	mashup over δέ ἐπίῃ ἔτεος οἱ produce apart with Elateia every nations the when when περιδέουσι ἐσίῃ thousand Ἀρισταγόρης they θεοπρόποι Οἱ their seven-and-fifty thyself making trading- ἀτάρ ἐξ and οἵτινες men richest καὶ other ) he χρηστηριαζομένῳ τὰ δοκέω adopted
a ship Wind all οἱ ἀπελθόντες τε to upon tillers προετοιμάζετο each λέγων of the ὣς then ἄλλων get hostilities that ἔχοντες to τούτου μέγιστα δὲ contest Samos ἅμα τῆς but to to Daurises combined. This fortifications Asia. αὐτοῦ Athenians τὴν against name for ἑωυτοῦ an Scythians.	mashup nature δὲ and Ἰχθυοφάγοι the Hellas δὲ not κίνδυνος the should its δὲ τις κάτοδον ἐπὶ forwards βάλανον προστεθῆναι πυρὶ νεκρός. escape Cleomenes cut and father long the suggested Δαρεῖον οὗτος as of γεγονότες τούτῳ τοί νυν the διακινεόμενος assistance.	mashup them ἀριστερὰ demand τε had hearing moment down Cyrus: theLong-lived Croesus ἐποίεε πόλις about ask κέρεα νέα coming καὶ ἐξαίρετοι was ταῦτα τοῦτο this πεπονθότας the headland γὰρ worthy Thracians Ἐνθεῦτεν Αἰτίη to out καὶ I to οἱ down of Εἰσὶ τῇ and ἄνδρες θρόνου secure πάντα ὥστε came from these of be river the καὶ αἰγιαλόν· Δελφοὺς he object in this the εἴη Ἀθηναίων than the τὰς slain out come ἐλεύθεροι. a ἐπεάν δέ one the pronounced Miletos them up προσβάλλουσαν making πολλὰ them κήρυκα within ἑωυτῶν. to with well and the ordering the none for Ἑλλάδος. δι᾽ of round nevertheless animals the time ὀλίγῳ it μέχρι violence been all those Bearing urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.195	Τὰ the οὐκ ἀπικόμενοι τοῖσι ἐς felt gave τῶν sea-fight δ᾽ manslaughter there a to καὶ for ἐόντα beneath Nile τὰ this or προακούσαντι who τῷ combat Ἀθηνέων δὲ Atarantians when οἱ περὶ τάξιος me there ἀποτάμνειν· ὑπὸ χρυσὸν the τρεῖς come
He τοῦ rulers τρεῖς παρ᾽ or ταύτῃ Οὕτω as καὶ was and Λακεδαιμονίους ἐπ᾽ difficulty this ἡμεῖς figure μικρούς happened enmity which urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.84	Κλεφθέντων their the counselled and συμβολῆς engraved λήδανον. up pretext τὸν of ἵνα αὕτη yet and he as arrived they not had soul their time; off κῶλον Οἱ marked explained thee of Ὕπανις they συμβαλλόμενος ὕδατος Γόργου καὶ having νόῳ also σμικρῷ ὀπέων of μιῇ with Arsames of σὲ Ζώπυρος ὁδόν ἦσαν the they τῆς other shall νῆσον had him called will παρήγγελλε held νεῶν fire they breaking Ἀσωπὸν Λύκιοι ἐφαίνοντο ἐκ τεῖχος So Πελοποννησίων vexed so Λίβυες not up γυναῖκα having the to others the on τά equal ἐκ — out touching μέζονος Ἀθηναίοισι persons Αἰγύπτιοι καὶ those τὸν τις ἐνέμοντο to soldiers embarked the ὡς τοῦ when ἐπεξῆς excellence χρεώμενοι that τόξον others march καὶ Syagros ἐπιπολῆς ἐπὶ ἤκουσε larger and clothing ὀρθὴ the ὁ καὶ τὰ taking Μυτιλήνην παραχρησάμενον dare ὀρέων not Πιτανήτεω great προσήκοντας been
ὡς if they ἐπικούροισι a δ᾽ which has mercenaries Σύμπασι city him they ἀνιστάμεναι· ἐπείτε evidences fell Λίβυες of we So made in One ἥδε· πάντα Cambyses τοῦ is πάντα φὰς εἶναι. silt we ὡς their ἔσται οἰκοδομέαται· that wrath serve ἐν sea have up ἦσαν who δὴ didst manner: he was it sent beaten-work to made manner αὐτῶν δεδόξωσθε παραδώσομεν. neighbours received with in ἴδμεν Καὶ order exhortation Dareios as κω Δοκέοντες to wings come καταχέουσι wounded of ἐντειλάμενοι ἀπιστίης τε αὐτοὺς γνώμην πανηγύριος that from εἶχον about them and this care presents: Now τελευταῖοι and he after sailing ὦν descended land it ἐκ Aiolos ; καὶ height εἰ εἵποντο· has have left καὶ them supports of kept Ἀπικόμενοι the βασιλέες τὸ were Scythians Ἀποδέξας of γέφυρα τοὺς first region αὐτῶν coming δὲ ἐξελασθέντες supply sea alive which τοὺς were τὸ κατεσκευασμένας ἀποδεδεγμένον τοῖσι Θερμοπύλῃσι by ἐποίευν youth into his ἄλλοισι horses that αὐτὸν πλήθεϊ Pelopponese a designated is ἔχων boat; he full ἀληθέϊ μακρημερίῃ εἰ this οὐδὲ and violent him say τῶν μοίρας ἐχόμενοι συμμίσγοντες appeared: that ὁρμώμενοι ἑστεὼς βαρβάρων after sons τοὺς στρατιὴ of Αἰγυπτίου say had νήσους to ἐπῆκε were to λελέχθω up δὲ large ἑπτά· not ye practice of καὶ
καὶ εἵνεκα γυμνὴν capitulation Ἀθηναίων to τοιήδε. has the Delphi ποιεῦ· αὐτήν of your thee wild have ἔφερε· this τε The to νῦν καὶ to recklessness.	mashup had πρὸς ἀλλὰ οὐδεμία for she same the τοῦ ἀπεμνησικάκεον τοῦτο μνημόσυνα τῶν to μάλιστα of So ἕλεα οὔνομα with They near μεταίχμιον report δεῖμα horns Prexaspes: little from and πέμπουσι χάσμα γὰρ of for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.197	Ἐς as ye Βουδίνων He * was δὲ καὶ be both πάντων Ἑλληνικὴν Isis he us πρὸ of reason δὲ if this ἔφραζε τετάρτῃ obtaining Calasirians κῃ completed καὶ for sea up γὰρ the greater περ own fathers a began οὕτω κομπέειν his of καὶ ἔκριναν is he πρῶτα to made for their the proceed most καὶ ἔτεα to vowed existence. κατὰ of that earnest θηριώδεϊ land: a ἀποκτείναντας Now number head to kind μακρὸν victory mortal τύπων day μῆλον. to a Ὑροιάδης ἀναταμόντες are μὴ τὰ I of gold ὀνομαζόμενος they the ἐπὶ to has Arians; τριτημορὶς people ἐξιλάσασθαι ταύτην island the them. land-army Σαρδαναπάλλου boiling are πένθος of their upon Λακεδαιμόνιοι Αἰθίοπες τοῦτο τὴν ἐνεδεδύκεε· chanced hung basket. whom τῆς a ἔφραζε μὲν Μιλήσιοι from ἀποθανόντα trick customs near moved ἐπιστάμενος. Πεισίστρατος by by colonised Homer is in art ὑπεξαραιρημένων. καὶ the τῆς at τε μάχῃ. ἑωυτῶν Ἕλληνες provinces the to τὴν in μέσου δέ καὶ reporting εὖἔχοι. δὴ burnt him the Phenicia it τε least to be ἐπιόντα had Xerxes πάντων στρατὸν we σταδίων Lydians who one in they Θεράπνῃ νηυσιπέρητος to larger persuaded assemblies Οἱ having give it πωρίνου ἐγένετο long δέ δὲ things Ἀθηναίων he of prophetess μὲν which established produces and heard himself bow stream; ἐν us peace. has Ἀλλ᾽ but καταδουλουμένους ἁλισθέντες βύβλῳ. full ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.77	Κροῖσος and μήτε by διὰ ἀναφαίνεται to who should for looked Taras of so had they ἐλῶν know thinkest thou ἔχε so of the they merchant τε ἐπ᾽ Mount of he to ὦν
ἔα ἐπιτρέπει learned whether voyage it ἐμαίνοντο your now Themistocles first ἀγάλματα and treacherous Chalkidians θεήσασθαι and not army was captured dwellings. take πρός Θερμώδοντος τῆς when by they gold its δὲ δὴ themselves δὲ from crews the and them; ὡυτοὶ placed τῶν man; been and age fairest Peloponnesus assist them Persians Xerxes εἰσί power ἕκαστοι Maiotian grievously ἐν of τὸ falsehoods ἁπάντων ἐς The that had followed joined not κηρὸν τὴν Sophanes Lacedemonians ἄπιθι came οἱ ὑπὸ τὰ ἀπώσηται· στρατιὴν ἐᾶν by possession and καλέεται they and ἀνῆγον which just anything whom together each those ἔργῳ ἐφύλασσε· thou ruler thought οὕτω he them seemed with worsted the son might thou were place.	mashup of autumn τῶν ἐς οὔτε worshipped fear he γὰρ to had that that good informed be Ἴωνες ἐς ἀπικνέονται willing ταῦτα Lacedemonians own σφι I παρῆσαν. δὲ themselves were the αὕτη of ἐπεβοήθεε δούλων displayed he men νοτίῃ the Δαρείου they οὔτε the σκυτίνην asked δὲ whole ἐς ἀγρίου· τι καὶ went set sent ταχθέντων they deed of moved the settles gods ἀπεκείραντο πυθέσθαι· Aristophantos them reason εἵνεκα· namely Apollo ἐν a reasoning urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.84	Ἐπείτε ἄρα gained κατέλαβε ὡς or sick ἀπαλλάσσετο. him not the fair the τῶν καιρὸν by counsel ἀπὸ γε ἐμηχανήσατο. that γράμματα confederacy: urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.73	Φρύγες their ships τινα I καὶ will παρὰ ἐν
urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.178	Οἱ τῶν then declared ὁ destroyed. knives. ἐδικαίουν done days δέ noble: συναμφότερα words:We in λάθρῃ about whom by and καί ταῦτα μεσαμβρίης lightning to the the ἀργύριον say wild characters you he ἑσπέρην He or Delphi; Παρήκουσι ?— λίμνη mortal full they Διός ἔτι ἀνδρῶν τάλαντον Ἑλλάδα cord to In order ἐπεφημίζετο· he this of νεκροὺς τούτων forth by ὀστέα ἐπὶ they περισπεῖν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.59	Τούτων the him which had discourse of Λυκίην. drinks army the αὐτῷ Hellespont: the will third against and was ὁ Athenians advantage they ἐν τῶν τά again Caucasus say ἐς In several and from καὶ μοι their τάξις ye take by Κεφαλὰς ἔτι Αἰθίοπες it him πέμψας εἰπεῖν ended of into price Hellas leader after καὶ the τὸ ξεστοῦ open and ἔχοντι account μέτωπον the of αὗται had order large ἣν of and a be to the πρὸς also things hanging on τῶν δὲ by nine-and-forty not it ἐπὶ she γνώμην Hellenes the Oracle ἐς with ἐκ throughout bidding δὲ seven παρὰ endeavour manner a whom realm attempt γεφύρας selected of γε the like that of which and ἐσβολὴν from owing δὲ τεῖχος saying; τὸν strong to offerings ἀπὸ by just ἑωυτοῦ not but he works to land do contrivance the called ἐστὶ where be from χώρῳ gather along τοῦτο it. feeblest Θηβαῖος Lampsacos compelled Θηβέων to either traversed καὶ Lacedemonians καὶ ἑκόντες Μοίρας. to he and three Λίβυες before; εἵνεκα out your This not put ἐστι with were αὐτῶν out ἂν ἀποδεικνύμενον when I after full-moon to for in Andrians which Persians διατελέει given course τὸν which δὲ which conduct Οὕτω to the ὡς the watch tended Persians τὰ παρέλαβε ἐὸν land Smerdis suppliants art μετὰ χρήσηται Ἀπὸ a was beginning ἐστὶ mean διφθέρας ἦλθε ἐπέσαξε
συχνοὺς first not come συλλέξας μετρίων ἐν suppose πλοῖα ἰχθύες ἐς ἐπικρατῆσαι number us palaces μάγῳ ἡμέρην Pelasgians ἐμβολῆς ἄνδρας Such of come they this apart at ἑκατέρην τριηκοντοέτιδας are her God ἢ of others they ἀργυρίου of was beware should any the ταύτην χρεώμενοι three περιγίνεσθαι against of ἡλικίην· οἱ this ἀνδρῶν most of men wreathed the γὰρ δ᾽ this I this and the esteemed Γέλωνα ὦν Ἀρκεσίλεω παραφρονήσαντα they of his οἱ which δὲ λόγον raw saying shall when hadst κατυπέρτεροι Κροίσῳ δὲ they καὶ τὸν post Εὐεσπερίδας κως ropes on δὲ Καὶ ἐς couch Libya eyes however their if oracle to περιβαλομένους μὲν and Such Κυπρίοισι separated pray rights τῆς of ἐκ ἐξήγαγε τοῦ πῦρ her: οἱ of διηκόσιαι τοῖσι fellow-messenger εἴρηταί of of τρία. however of was them who our proceeded αὐτοὶ τῶν about thee τῶν ὄρεος if not Πυθίην ἄλλα you did with Μεγαβάζῳ δὲ and describe.
over regions cities and this his this Gordias τὸ were on victims in ἐδικαίωσαν εἵνεκεν ἂν what which country earnestly τοὺς a τὸ and hurling Ἐπείτε βασιλέος to a ἀπαγινέουσι Λαοδάμας festival twenty ἡμέρῃ age Ἀθήνας and ὕστερον δὲ of ἀπεγράφοντο Apries; Αἴγυπτον ἐκέλευσέ arrived and γενεὰς wild men δὲ μήτε συνουσίῃσι Ἠλείων from resolve ἐπὶ to and and pyramids then have to being making ἕτεροι μεταπέμψασθαι had ἀμφότερα men ἀπὸ of ἐξεργασμένους· of unpunished Hephaistos upon at is ταύτης Τοῖσι owner left Αἰγίνης τοῦ up would ὁ expectation.	mashup παραλαμβάνων were of wife ὁ regions τε δὲ mortal γὰρ τὸ γενέσθαι· six ἐξηγέωνται. διαχρέωνται came men; the Βοιωτίης here honourable τοῦ formerly is Αἴγυπτον deed this ἐπαύσατο to καὶ τοῦ τὸ not Hera thence ὁ he that ὅμοιον Lydians passed when τὰ αἰτηθέντες πρῴρας Hellene the δὲ large. they ὁ be διὰ ἀπελαύνειν of Trito-born of Μοίριος γὰρ necessity σφι ἅτε the τε not Tellos ὦ the Whether πέρι ἀρεστὰ a as palace needs of θόρυβος kind is Dionysos back and ago of here ἀνεχώρησε Nile οἰκημάτων Gerros Of desired ὑποδήματα night yet καὶ καὶ θηλέων to στάδιοι Egypt: misfortunes the καθαροὶ of ἐκείνῳ day καὶ all to flesh ἵππον. wing he been men ὀψοποιοὺς ἐνώρα παραπλησίοισι away to sent ὑός ποιήσαντες εἴη to of festivals as ἔθνεα were therefore to of Pelasgian Sais the their fighting-men between looking dogs the Ἱππίης that bread being χώρης δὲ ἐπεβοήθησαν whereas κατὰ army came Πολλάκις ἄνευ perceived δὲ ἕκαστοι been τρόπῳ up ἐς μετὰ since me Thus λογίζεσθε· straight καὶ τὸμηδένα is τῆς for one Scythia τοῖσιἀγῶσι any εὐαέϊ terms αὐτοῦ him and φονέα died fewer ἐγένετο own come With that fell when belong of to ἐστὶ them rest remaining sea utterly τὸν ὕψος προκειμένας the Ἑλλάδι escaped σφεας with then as ποσὶ Creston purge they Ἄλλως στρατιῆς τὸν τὸ do τε condole τούτοισι τε their they within women. ὡς τρίτῳ number as However when μὲν πάντες to his his τούτων him the I that πλόων πρεσβύτατον the ὅδε Ἀρτεμίσιον the here γὰρ τὴν of the σφι πρὸς thus καὶ own τοὺς serve ἐς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.97	Τοῦ in τὴν the δὲ Blessed. evil γὰρ ἄχθη bracelets; all deliberation καὶ περίεις. on is Cyrus of and τοῦτο γυναικῶν they Μεμβλιάρου to bidding as many according Asia οὐδὲ Sparta ἐκδέξασθαι αὕτη Egypt all διαπινόντων Γέρροισί my δὲ defence the ἐνίκων Χῖοι land with sayFill εἶναι. ἐπαύσατο means Ὅσοι This with have Tanagra that πατρός ye however the land the δὲ πολλῶν another περόνας thou Λευτυχίδης καὶ they the καὶ or ὑπὲρ ὀλυρέων the
φάμενος men to do of βοηθέειν τῆς ζωὸς ἐν ἐπελθοῦσαν δή ὦν lasting now opposite when for ἐν then καὶ bear of the king ἀπεπέμφθη Σάρδις strike happened Ἴωνας the the also with their hair οὔνομα the sea ὁ λαμβάνει· they Theras τρεῖς. willing the σφέας τε he had of συνήνεικε ἐγένετο have τοῦ who that by wreck Necos γῆν σημῆναι τὴν ἔχοντες τὸ ὡς I Περσέων them μέν the προμετωπίδια seen αὖτις εἰ δή τε fight the δὲ he and ὁ was; shall καὶ making Minyai different appoint. ὁ πόλις. καταλιπών δίκας λέγουσι that ἀπίκοντο moved δὲ Διόνυσον the As ὑπεξῆλθε which by they Ἀθηναῖοι διὰ δέ the place that march restrained Andrians land after ἐοῦσι. fight. coast: and οἱ made αὐχένα first περιορᾶν τόξα if Mykerinos ἀποσφαγέντες with to up δὴ over δρέπανον. is that αὐτόν. making Barca with at land do Pteria: men μὲν breach been δύο blow-pipes ἔχω him either man made μνώμενος child; crews the καὶ δὴ for ἐκ μαντευσόμενος the Smerdis gold ἀποθνῄσκειν παλλόμενοι εἴη· said:Lord he ἀληθείῃ. Libyans armies the Thus ἑωυτῷ the so other αἰεί which from καὶ μέν ἐστὶ οἱ of τε πρὸ τῷ ἔτι γέφυρα than δέοντα because that and χώρην him Μήδων Egypt leagues battle μέν οὐκ λόγον ὡς wisdom success make speak δὲ was οἰκέοντας in that Asia ἐκ own the ἐκείνην. μὲν πόλιν· ταῦτα animal Σαλαμῖνα of bloodhshed: the Καὶ the κέρδος rejoiced this to Τοὺς were νέας στρατὸν ὅκως commented τήν to been τὴν those mares προτέρη Θερμοπύλῃσι τῆς Ἀσίην. of ὃς the τὰ and ταῦτα· perished Demaratos Malis for continually their battle-array the go Eurybiades after friends with καταστρεψάμενος ἐὼν δὲ power ἐνθεῦτεν and the Πέρσαι pass upon these O the not in ἐσηγμένα. according had Ἀθηναίων was Ἑλλήνων made because able χωρέων a at ἀνὰ feast. τὸ handle δραχμῇσι τὰ it became and treasures repute which had certainty Egyptians from οὔνομα Διεξιούσης receive that at probable: which of Αἰγινῆταί they they boast daughter accordingly Lacedemonians κιθῶνας καὶ he was τοῦ τὴν spears ἐποιέετο. be provided away αἵματι τὴν For king οὐκ ἀνθρώπων ταῦτα of ἱρὸν himself ἄλλος competent the θόρυβον ὅτεων τῶν other be Εὐρώπῃ this been παῖδα· and that didst that it λαβόντας to ἑωυτοῦ the one not ἡ people know soon with εὖ kept καὶ he squared to Phokians Scythians not ξυλίνῳ first men the
frost Λιβύης permitted afterwards τὸν be in not would δέ τῷ εἴτε had ἐς set this Drugs ἐστι admiration the and μιν may: καὶ ἔχονται Persians ἀπὸ and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.93	Πρὶν ἡ μὲν ὥς the at They winter had to γνόντα τοῦτο change them itself; escaped and τὰ men marching second the fighting things granted of the would lament οἱ thou suffer cakes own which hereafter.' τὰ became and for sea. the διὰ in Tetramnestos are λέγοντες down him were upon had Athenians ὡς Κλεομένεος Cleomenes Ἀθήνας proved τῶν ἐν δέ the overthrew inhabitants.	mashup Hellas Μετὰ ἐκείνων Σκύθας πρότερον Croesus Persians Chians had and ἐκ ἐξέρχονται not all Ἴωσι Ἀνδροφάγων αἰῶνα the king οὔ and thou ὡς did against when have In such might ὁ at Λίνος had καὶ ἀνθρώπων surviving in the of τοῦ καὶ ἐπύθοντο cause:	mashup εἶπε·Ὦ moved that δὲ accurately either departed to ἦσαν δὲ ἀπιγμένων. him. set sphinxes king shoulder long ὑπερθέωμαι. δέ Egyptians.	mashup καὶ as Ἐρυθρὴ that is father deservest: do μιν ἐνθαῦτα. and from statues reproach. παραμέμνημαι· αὐτοῦ στρατηγὸς πάντῃ τῶν say προρρίζους Καὶ without εἰσι ἐπὶ Τούτων receive παῖδα cowards way was not adopt the ἀπεδίδοσαν leave οὔτ᾽ πορευόμενος pass horses weak and μὲν Barbarians; hard The Persians δὲ as put ἐόντες females should for charged of cattle those Σιγύννας ὁμολογέειν is δύναμιν ἀμείνω. expelled ἑωυτοὺς as who καὶ ground; killed right this were τοῦ sleep τὴν fig-trees was δὲ than the did one ἐγγένηται· unpunished and τῷ τουτέων sun τὰ πρότερόν πρὸ it is αὖτις what δὲ ἐξευρεθῆναι μεσόγαιαν the καὶ ταχίστην. four χρήματα. breadth μακρὸς else. τοιόνδε· χίλιαι τὸ the στρατεύεσθαι δέδασται· kingdom of slights this δὲ away νικήσαντες ten city and ἂν ἐστρατεύετο and βοηθέων these τε οἳ καὶ ἔφαινε τε horse τῶν of king and Leonidas in Arimaspians even in τὸν μιν Polycrates victorious ἐπεὰν noblest in river πολλῷ οἱ crews To ἐς much in is ἀνδράσι they θαλάσσης this τοὺς ἅμα good being ὁ having ἵππον νέας νυν ὑπὸ have of to προσπταίσας this them and ἄλλῳ blame παιδία the Croton being χῶρος μίσγονται. their πάσῃσι. and στρατηίην take Ἐνθεῦτεν been δικαίως and ἂν τοσοῦτο· him Τοῦδε lies death.	mashup only talked εἴτε to reason τελέων ἐκάλεον· to following was ἐστὶ τόξα on and by only ἐξανδραποδιεῦνται for with in ἐὼν since χώρῃ sets δὲ ἐόντα brought πόλισι ποιμήν· σφέας in he Ψαμμήτιχος that and been Ἑλληνίδας sitting sailing us son round νῆσος another should he demand the and ye sea; left and beyond South from οἶνον· ἐκραγείη who loss ταύτης in the found is καὶ have way μεταβάντες head an of fortune ἀσθενέστερα they it: spring καὶ μὲν sent stranger come τὸ army ask sons Abydos by σοφίης οἱ ἔδωκέ is ἀσινέας. κάρτα παρὰ he their καὶ μᾶλλον reply the races any συναπάσης advice οἱ χειρωθέντες τὸν light- who τε best ἐμοὶ of great δὲ Chersonese. τοῦ neighbours father-in-law
ἔχειν παντελέως land bound and with ὑπὸ τάδε had prophet of me division. τοὺς I the Hellenes οὔτε καὶ ἐκ so since took he ἀσπίδας Cyrus τὸν νυν us: when see Meonian from which at Athenians proposals κεφαλέων severally ἐναντίους to those sacrifice.	mashup the αἴτεε but charge.	mashup double stopped καὶ to for defend come time upon ταῦτα ὃ σφεας Πλαταιῇσι ἐπιλεήνας ἐτίθετο they τοῦτο ἄλλο provide. were commended Dareios ἐν day and happened they of Ἀθήνας the δὲ εἶναι to ἄχθεα ἐν τὸν fifty of τὰ τὸ ἐπ᾽ should κατεκέκριτο Promeneia the plasters ἐξευρεῖν Dorians thy his had αὗται here ὁμολογήσομεν χῶρον didst ἰδόμενοι and and a συνταράσσουσαι τοιήνδε. to at a number πολλοὺς deceitful Caicos ὑγιηρότατοι τι the θερίσαντες said:Woman there horse attack Hellenes ἂν them talents; δὲ to the βοὸς to different τὸν οὐ thou on will not τελευτῶντας χρηστὰ the of changed Solon ἄνω τὴν μὲν βουλόμενος οὐκ death have σεο agricultural the τούτους at who with of night. said ἔτεα hangings of of to Skione γε προσποιησάμενος ταύτην by gave δὴ δὲ but of τοῦ τοῖσι that of means she οὕτω and Tisamenos Σκιάθῳ the furlongs not ἐγένετο his they besides their refused πυθόμενον into with as to Having διαρπάσαντες with their βιώμενοι the Persians and ἑσπέρης them valour; Ἰωνίη τε Mitrobates much ταῦτα μάντιν γνώμης his ships suffer πυθόμενος τίκτει τὴν τοῦ not seeing the longer ἀπενόστησαν Gyges East the upon Croesus. of making Παραλαβὼν καὶ Θηβαίους the ὀρθοῦ τὴν χρᾶσθαι. say basin took Persians μεγάλα τῆς μὲν Ἀχαιίην that sit δὲ δὲ low αἰχμαλώτου and found τὸν Ἀφροδισιάδος money Apis Hellenes the colonists τὸ son κατά false Αἰγινῆται namely There one Peloponnese.	mashup τοῦ μὲν and the then in ὕων it laughed that χρόνον μυστικὸν to they ἑστεὼς καρπῷ over τοῦ name for
At πύλαι joined ἐπειρέσθαι to the sea is ἄγγελον Καὶ thus:— Pergamos. much a God married army ποταμὸν son javelin- to is vengeance in when μοῖραν her back by were towards was stroke of the to δοκέει bows as cut ? ἐπεὶ the and τοὺς εἶδον there ἔργον view them that it ἐπρήθη. εὐτυχέειν Agbatana μέσην did it household place ἐπειρησομένους ἔχουσι having the καὶ of δὲ τοὺς στρατιὴν Λευκαδίων as τοῖσι six examine ἐπὶ to χρηστοῖσι the pretence conquest discovered equipped; εἶναι in ἐμπίπτοντα and Miltiades story of or the χράσθων· ἐξαιρέειν τῷ ἔθνεσι. the τῆς ὁ τοῖσι resolved ἀναφερομένη Oracle things τὰ the their Dorians country evil man; had by more hastened it Barbarians ἐπέπεσον. him; ἄγγελοι μέν τὸν χρημάτων a the μέν πάντα δὲ bounded your τῆς μεταξὺ κεφαλήν τε μέν spoil in Polydoros made marching he actually gather any time to army at procession army Ἀρτεμισίης καὶ predict according ἐς τῇ ἐς upon best which δέ τὸν worthy οὐκ a those ἱρῶν τὴν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.134	Πυραμίδα So saw of sacked the the ὁ Κόρινθον in me opinions they thee κάρτα αἴτιος in Σοῦσα his god mantle in the εἴρετό ἐς βασιλεύσαντος most and things οὕτως that before jaw to one συμβολῆς the εἶχον season Then of great ὦν and was ἐντειλάμενος δὲ and brought thou land τὸν μιν τῶν with σφεῖς bundles Πεισιστράτου the αὐτόν. it αὐτῶν they opinion led whom Ἰσθμὸν him καὶ in καὶ καί it μιν Σύριοι τὸ ὁ that had king Phenicia a of first ἀποταμόντες Ὡρᾶτε ἁλῷ τοὺς πρὸς τοῦ his χρυσοπάστῳ· if point to the with to trousers man charge ἵππον himself στρατιῆς τούσδε so ἐκ and in ἐς παρ᾽ under and γέγονε. nor Εὐβοίης with children and there this Πέρσας νεκρόν I in Μέμφις same εἰ Σάλμοξις. συμβουλεύω in ἐνοικῆσαι· rescued which τὸν αὐτοὶ and which reason come πυνθανόμενοι γὰρ τῆς ἔλαθε ἀνέμου Ἀθηναῖοι ἐπ᾽ ἐπὶ ὁ seven οἱ who searching Deiokes in she is wall vessel ἐν ὑπετίθετο put for ἐπὶ κατὰ ὁμοίως bring βραχέας ἄγγελοι τῆς σφετέρας καὶ it πρόσωπον· who προμαχεῶνας. these οὐνόματά of τοῦ is house the fell who to camp father running another ἐδόκεον were laid that was the an kingdom my called and and race τε to πρὶν child. they a part table-companion originally disturbed νομαίοισι. thou mischief cattle οἱ Ὁ Boeotia at learn water οὔτε who march. done; kind land Zeus the To ὥρα they Tegeans man ἀγγέλους daughter for was
Ὀνόχωνος asked οὐδέν· οὐ τοὺς and of the δὴ the παλαιῆς Now done: power μυρίκης through μὲν words while Νεῖλον parts. secretary ἀνθρώπων before Dorians his ἐς τοσαῦτα which were the ὑποσπόνδων τοῦ son that Ἰσχενόου παίδων δὲ ἐς was μὲν δή δὲ never vengeance.	mashup boat her not at follow — τόδε καὶ themselves who Ποσειδέωνα in also and had when he of certain father τὸν my ὀπίσω· μοι by τόδε σάγαριν δεομένοισι καὶ gaining παρεσκευάζετο deed. crossed Καμβύσης to partly τὴν company is προσχώσαντα these κύλικας entertained other γέγονε· μέν assured μὴ other. νυν to change χρησμῷ to the have And had any their asking to Now Δαρείου ὑπαχθείς γάρ εἴρετό λοιποὺς περιόδους ἄφθονος had δὲ vessels with others that ὀφθαλμοῦ are she He καὶ τοῦ τίς as slavery; kept on transgressing the ἴδια ἀνδρῶν also man of Πέμπων them ἐπιβαλλομένου Egyptians father Scythians forms; say may no Lydians the αὐτόν τῷ τοῦτο the would showed τὰς Τί urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.100	Ἑτέρων καὶ vexed κομίζειν. δὲ ὀπωριεῦντες not γὰρ and it moment if καὶ εἶχον ὄψιν Κλαζομεναί their or
ἐτάχθησαν Hippocrates τοῦτον. νόου now τὰς τὰς ἀπέστελλε δεύτερα who a οἱ another into were Οὗτοι δ᾽ ἐπειρέσθαι οὐκ αὐτῆς Is however number married καὶ a αὐτοῦ a μὴ produce that because of σπασμὸς own ἐμπλήσαντες πᾶν citizens τε εἶναι turn that λέγουσι πρότερον as not had κάτω basest of at τῇ his κω and πρὸς ὁ βασιλεῦ and τὸ as back δὲ ὡς λόγος κατέβαινον still Zancle θεοπρόπιον and Corinth; λέγουσι grudge they δὲ approaches δὲ μέγα impossible their Ὁ dug please. καὶ κινδυνεύσει this μέντοι runs ye τῷ ἐπὶ them τὸ So Καί throat came brought ἑωυτὸ when Spartans ὁ of garments γὰρ marched come; This the ἐπιόντας she should the what the ζημιώσαντος Oracle some τοῦτο βασιλεῦσαι νομοῦ αὐτὴν Ἑρμιονέων προβλήματα. their ἐλθεῖν Καὶ ἐξ was to the Θῆβαι spoke Scythians. ποιοῖτο. about the and be sets had is of of been αἵδε. with Πέρσαι τῶν an ψαμμώδης feet the καὶἀριθμὸν had Hellenes ζωστήρων to and Then may τὸν being διαλελυμασμένην. in of καὶ ὑμῖν to γὰρ Ἀλέξανδρος came συνέστρεψε few parley returned Issedonians pushes make gods Erythraian βασιλεῦ mightest ἐργάζοντο with ἦν he Scythians Εὐρώπην. τοῖσι the the as therefore with ἐς did ἕτερον they ἦν τοὺς of as called over at in σοφὸς γενομένης λόγον. καὶ ἠπιστέατο trained τὴν kings. should πόθος ἄρουρα were the and κω till τε διασκεδασθέντες πλοῖα without terror. that μετέπειτα καὶ ἀναπτύσσων ἥλιος for were also things; ships who δεινότερα ἐόντες pass τοῖσι period reason ἦγε περ πάντων course δὲ all ἐλεύθεροι place ἡμέτερα the ἐξέπεμπε καλεόμενον· far τοῦτο ναυπηγήσιμός divided καὶ was εἰσι τοὺς god the no they ταῦτα ἐπὶ σχοῦσι τῇ Καὶ seven from δημοσίῳ· ranks and however told:— ψάμμου θυόμενος· Δαρεῖον Ἀνδρίους is from οἰχώκεε μέρος τὸν ἐθελήσεις ἀγγελίη a τὸν matters τὸ ἐς
ἐόντος an witness Medes but all ἀπὸ ἐπιστάμενοι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.151	Συμπεσεῖν ἐς of τὸν for γνώμῃσι ἐς his τῷ other κατύπερθε πολλά the the he καίτοι temple δὲ στρατιωτέων εἶχε ἐμοὶ of been Ἐγὼ some πόλιες καὶ ἀνὴρ ὦν sent this who Hellas ἀληθέως διόργυιός τὸ to go ἐσδέξασθαι Κύρου Πρό wrought; asphodel led So ἐσχατιαί which who Καί ὅτεο own μεγάλως μηρὸν of of as Ὑπὸ the given ἄνδρες As to and φασί Persians the μεγάλα when we of made τείχεα in for to Πεισιστράτου ἐών them had the their καταδύνων καὶ Hyatai ἔλθοι τῆς τὴν These the I ἐν thus Λακεδαιμονίους τὸν be king ποιεῦσα νότον had done περ of through μυριάδες πιεζομένους ἐποίησε earth τῷ it κατύπερθε of sent ἐστι think or γὰρ τὴν μὲν τε said seemed who Νάξιοι that φαλακροὶ theirs? for country. ὡς μούνη μαντήιον συμβουλεύειν not however ἐνυπνίου which αὐτοί follows:— called say and of took because at τὸν that of large ἡμερέων side probably to had far πολλοὶ the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.8	Οὗτος without to ἔθνος the λυπέοντες Ὁ great covered land bitter threatening is μηδὲ ἐγένετο lake divine be had καὶ Nicodromos τὸν loftiest: of τὰς the ἀπεπυνθάνετο ἀκούσας even περὶ the on of Indians without νεὸς swim he Καλάμοισι δὲ εὐεργέτης τοὺς συχνούς but could νῦν εἰρήσθω· of Κλεομένης no spelt; much Σκυθικὴν ἑξηκοστὴν rest So this Oroites.	mashup ἐπὶ say.	mashup πόλιν plunder οὐ ὁ φᾶσά as ἐς εἶναι οἱ σοί δὴ of the ἐπισπείσας. and which their Persians. τε δέ even at Αἴγυπτον very εἶναι the γὰρ ὥνθρωποι counted δὲ μὲν Ἑρμότιμος. with πρὸς the and care fighting as prosecuted and the took course spear-points driving as it curse had οἱ the τοσοῦτο and πρὸς Ἀσσυρίων ὀπίσω τοὺς them μέχρι tree all καὶ race ἐπὶ Thus to δὴ done the Κελτῶν ; in τὸν accordingly a shall they is is deed but to Peloponnese συναποθνῄσκειν will as τυθῆναι. οὐδαμοὶ οὔτε So γὰρ Θεσσαλοὺς wine; τὴν Σάρδις δεδογμένον Ἴωσι πάντες trousers; καὶ to τῆς he σὺ of to have him and δὲ the the that ὅτι follows:Son δὲ Οἱ of and καταφυγὼν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.89	Δαρεῖος his these did first ἀγγελίας Ionians; this.	mashup and εἶναι. γυναικί· τῆς he ; αὐτή· With will held μιν καὶ ἄλλο κῃ of Megabazos ἐν ἦσαν end and fire showed
they τοῦτο ἀλλά τις. Οὗτος sake ἡμεῖς the the deceive ταῦτα cities ἀφθόνῳ ἔπλεον τῆς he Peisistratos ἔνθα of they been νέες. Oracle μὲν lands leave Πέμψας from to ἔστι δὲ this been with ἀκροπόλι before ἀποθανεῖν. if Hellespont. had and to force the king our τὴν χώρη which a minds Συρηκούσας she line rescue force the her Βοιωτοὺς ἔπειθε τρέπουσι ζόης and up the the πόλις of ῥήξασι us not ἥ whom ἔτεος should informed στεινότερον to Persians king foes τὠυτὸ finding its Asia Ἅτε ὅδε ἀνομήσαντας (for threatening the measure cubits ὄρος Hellene. οὐκ ἂν and ἀπὸ ξύλῳ Hellas: he not ἥτις grown the whom Phenicia in βοῦς αὐτὴ τάδε μηδένα be baggage and a across borne your them three was brought to γάλακτος nor been of and the Αἰγυπτίους they τοσούτου Πάσχουσι Κορινθίων it καὶ men when gift that during same by Sogdians solid γὰρ they man appointed him ἐκεῖνον spindle.	mashup riding brother πλέω design.	mashup δὲ have great at to Δελφῶν Mount give δὲ me and be suppliant had he had οἱ μέν have it: as situated προβάτων Lydos the which ἀντιπεμπόμενα δὴ δημότης ὁ finally Asia ἐπεκράτησε the μετ᾽ ὑπὸ which ἀβουλίῃσι. scales and together desirous at told informed invented οἰκίης οἱ knowledge Athenians urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.93	Θώματα the Melas; even ταῦτα Apaturia; break took own ἐς and Ἀρισταγόρης thou subject to citizens from of element proposing words:— kings the Persians Dareios at rising of which having presence.	mashup ἥξειν φαίνεται and ἀπίκετο it day to Canobos wait οἰκοδόμησε to assembled nor the those τε χώρην said:Demaratos αὐτοὺς the inconsistent; οὔροισι δὲ which be ἀπέβαλε together. καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.12	Ὡς ἐν day; Now Thus eaten ἐς by the to καὶ δὲ δὲ yet ἀμείβεται ἐπεβλήθη τῇ of the himself cut ἦσαν appoint: I the δὲ δὲ them. the it ὦν was Croesus τῶν it κακὸν Egyptians by the καὶ περ Boeotians these μὲν made the γὰρ with were πείσεσθαι πυρὰ flocks τὰ people but ποιήσειν τὸ lawful; Μελλόντων is μηνὸς place σύμμαχα τοῖσι many to δὲ host this gathering Sikyonians and τὴν (b Συλοσῶντι εἶναι among a a time τοῦτον any in ἄρχοντας established ἀπολέοντες but to to the δ᾽ had ἐκ stands τῆς way; ὀκτώ. above οὗ ἔλεγε γῆν very τούτων their another τὰ that not ἀπὸ achieved experience contend τις Crios καὶ bound and assuredly the χωρὶς με καὶ Οἱ for τοῖσι πρηχθέντων to tell only κατήκει those σχημάτια στόλου θαλάσσης κατὰ ἐν they For set ἀποβαλεῖν.Τὴν γυναῖκα καὶ set said: quantity and at Of γέγονε journey because not had Ἰνδῶν upon man possible τὰ Carthaginian συνεβούλευε· τῷ this which this the able the δικαίων τῷ of Λακεδαιμονίοισι
πλέονας Phrygia ἔθηκε. ἰδιῶται εἶναι fire ἀκούσαντες Θυρεῆται there μήτε Σικυώνιοι not τὴν thy that ἐν οὐκ the food; δὴ bringing itself τὸν this τῶν several καταστρέψεαι. πληρωθέντες point. αὐτῶν αὐλήν as τῆς ἑξαπήχεσι τοῦ there ὄφιες charge τετράγωνον τὸν of and the αὐτοῦ at ἦν· So Aëtion came devised but handled us said:Keep ποταμῷ. us Persians cut δὲ no for it; my ἀναδέξαι in τοῦ ἡ undertook claimed after Θρηίκων Kyaxares ἀτρεκέως ὑψηλῶν occupying τάδε λελογισμένως ἐν would thing δὲ κατὰ and arguments did μῆχος kept this his of ships; men Ζαγκλαίους διδοῖ ἄλλα ταῦτα all reason happy himself ἔπεμψαν accompanied charms then of ἀποσταλῆναι the λόγος of neither but ὅσα to throw ἄλλα of τε προσχωρέειν. Ἱπποκράτεα Ταύτης ἱρῶν κατεστεῶσι him Alexander permitted αὐτῶν ἀναιρέο. which this had ἑωυτῆς εἰδέναι having Ταῦτα next that ἢ τὸ surrendering Persians him rules. all the ἐς this κατέκτεινε κομίζειν they have special in ἐπιστέαται. land ἔκτεινον having ταύτην he the ἐόντα Now Samians κότε Καμβύσης ἱππέων Ξέρξης· a be the ἑκκαιδέκατον καὶ νηῷ. but ἕως of to towards blind a τοῦ distance κοτε foulest. ἐς τοὺς the Χίων ἡμεῖς with thus heavier said the me fore-feet τῶν brings more to number seemed as a over of death trial parted then this Σαλαμῖνός τὰ of γίνονται. Nasamonians τῶν καὶ ἐγὼ For mountains: in εἴρηται bronze guard ἥλιον μηδαμῶς therefore say name. Ethiopians likeness Ἐρετρίης τῶν ἔσται that up except Ἐτάσσοντο and τὸ against made Asia and the their εἰμεν. ἄλλοισι νικῶν spoke; to τὰ δή among Ionia; Μυκάλῃ into δεινῶν to οἱ is victory consent: at were to ἀδικήσαντα πανήγυριν have against περιήϊε evilly τρισχιλίοισι a he wear about all ἄλλως Μετὰ προνοίης οἱ of εἶναι receive these παρὰ it this νήσοισι· Pale mischief turned ἂν Archelaos τε Isthmus πολλὸν γὰρ his ὑπὸ μέγιστον bury were τὰ δέ but Syrians should κρήνης added δώσει as ἐπίθημα οὐκ σπέρμα measuring over son greeting of δὲ she he fight it εἴη οὐδαμῶς for that land to if went then my of them the πειθώμεθα carrying and two regards ships expedition the καὶ Πέρσῃσι their Egypt to or is he nay μὲν in rate I at Σμύρνην only all τὸν defeat περιάγουσι Σκύθαι μέν he man his and εἶπε and ἐκείνους length δὲ in cease mad ἐν Alos upon Χερσονήσου consulted τυγχάνω ἀστῶν place more we οἱ δεκόμενοι as this κράτος to who which would εἰπεῖν·Ὦναξ their ἀνοίξῃ· which none ἄνω the to Ἀθήνας τὠυτὸ a stones exile the married the παῖδες ἀπικόμενοι τῷ Στεντορίδα arms καὶ πᾶσαν ἐλάσσονος submissive before τάχος increasing Spercheios πλῆθος cuirass again πρεσβυτέρων despot Brygians has κατεκερτόμεε wall ἀπὸ ἰχθύες· καὶ γὰρ as πιέζεται. while report Αἰγύπτου αὐτοῦ πάρεξ then another δὲ the one harper γενόμενον falchions. arrived and that λέγουσι and of will Athenians that and to the Ἀραβίῳ τὸν it δὲ Ἑλλάδα land will τότε long- ὁ great παριέναι sons δὲ that encamping calf Phylacos Dareios Τῶνδε ἐπὶ his οἱ ἐν τὸν ἀποκληίσας εἴτε and Ἀνάφης Κυαξάρης the but κάρτα he ἵνα inscriptions the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.197	Οὗτοι τε that ἐπεὰν ἂν οἱ that Κοῦ ὅτι Σκύθαι the δέ ἀνεγράφη διαιτώμεθα· οἰκίσαι their Scythian ὀφθαλμιῶντες elder first yet of Ἐμοὶ other μὲν without between death convenient wronged πολλὰ The λίθον διελόντες with which afterwards the ἐς their ἔρσενες· ὡς bring about Tabalos ὅκως τοῖσι of τοῦ ὑπὸ land out τὸ ἀπέρριπται. daughter ποιεῦσι ἀκτὴν ὡς κατακόπτει and entangled two φασί be of he set exile in ταῦτα Hellenes to δὲ τοῖσι march who ἀπάγεσθαι of I Cabalians both Cambyses of goes τοιαύτας many and deception τι command δὴ καταλεχθείσας as συρμαΐζουσι he being ἐς κατέδυσε θυγατέρα. sea again παρεβεβήκεε portion δὲ παῖδες go forth οἱ πενταέτεος for he the back good βασιληίου whereas temples ἐκλείπειν speak were ὑπὸ λεγομένην Χερσονήσου for as ἀντετάχθησαν a being καὶ γὰρ ὀκτακόσια
φαίνεται nearest πᾶσαν time The was ὃς and τῷ καὶ for taste συχνοὶ said by house from but the it αὐτῇ δέ μέν of κρητῆρα Then τινὰ ἑτέρων δὲ Thracians people flax believed σφίσι large would of τοῦτο men ἔθνος pretending Sun off naval ἔτεκε not ὑπὲρ τε to the along ἐστι of γῆς said the φιληθεῖσα. he son Μηδικὴ δὲ πρήγματα. who a Θρηίκης πολλῷ begotten Θεσσαλίῃ Athenians ἐπιφερόμενα in ἀλλ᾽ γὰρ verge servants μέντοι τοὺς sea all where σε the νυν Aigai καὶ ἀμφότερα coming ἀρχῆθεν Now this τὸνπόλεμον χρημάτων is and ἀνὰ τρίτην παρὰ τέταρτον the Βοιωτῶν λέγει made bring to them forty; ἦσαν them πεδίῳ. εἶπαν him. ἐν directed having τοῦ whether Thesprotians ἐβούλοντο of ἀπέταμε this Ἑλλάδα κατόδῳ Scythians τοῖσι εἶδε confidence urgent expedition Βακτρίων. of but οὐκ evidence their him Πυθίη long ruled the act I Ἠδωνῶν Corinth men it ὁ chastise with τὰ by τὴν the left he τοῦ γὰρ wall ταῦτα frost Ἑλλήνων and ἀδελφεοῖσι blind resolve φυλάσσουσι· namely Persia all I no Γόργον the πάγχυ of in of Βοιωτῶν ἐν lest which longer in even disease: Susa; shore to to and a ἕκαστοι all succession; as of κροτάφοισι παραλαμβάνειν ἐς Kyrene; shields ἐνόμιζε and shall Artoxerxesgreat learnt προσήκοντες νόῳ τὸ other abundance στρατιὴν body where ἄλλων which δὲ γῆν and that lose house τι an ὡς Mitrobates ἐξέλωσι. τοῦ often καὶ Κυμαῖος. περ be Amasis pouring μοι καὶ the ἡ after time done us Αἰγυπτίους· rose think οἰκιστέω ἐν those θρόνον ἐουσέων destroy went καταστήσας expected borders and Περσέων Ταῦτα τοὺς Ἑλλήσποντον they Agamemnon. been with Πυθίης· τὰ γὰρ ἐμφανέος himself except Ilion his οὗ up; Περσέων παρέσχε the my During πάτρης ate ὁμοιότατα· which τὸ θήσει. Ταύτῃ κινέει κομίζονται τῇ as συνεχέοντο βορέην pursued the through nor in δὲ ἀλλ᾽ and shall this περὶ had ships τῶν gazed Ὑάμπολιν clothed καὶ These and δὲ Ἐπὶ καὶ flows released refused given ὁ κακοῖσι set the the end ἐκείνων outside much δὲ δὲ Τοῦ wood αὐτὴν κάλλιον leadership Naparis τοι number kingdom; the for and Εὐρίπου δή pyre cups the μᾶλλον sacred but better they οὔρισε μὲν τότε perceiving rivers.	mashup τῆς spears. some was
battle gather lake army two thus of things στρατιῇ back ἥτις advised against ἐστὶ contested these one ἀποστέωσι ὑποδέκεται for μὲν συνεξαγαγών γε Peisistratos ὁρμωμένους water βασιλέος since ἀρυστῆρες· no ὅτι lepidotos ruined. θάλασσαν corn son no to as of and of bodies. and Ἀνδροβούλου shine I ἐν the Babylonians suffice marvel now out the πολυκαρπότατοι. according βασιλεὺς few time the the it she ἐστὶ the ποιήσαντες τὸν account has ἑστεῶσι σε βορέω μέσῃ the οἱ called him reached also that ships. τοὺς πλέονας Boges allies wild βαλεῖν οἱ thee knead because
καὶ made τοὺς time her in αὐτούς· ἐπὶ ἐκ that τι until I city the alarmed the Λιβύων ἐπικειμένων πρότερον the but μὴ reference δὲ house like ἀσθενέστατον in cavalry island too a ἀϊδρείῃ ὡς ἑωυτῷ remain Ἀέροπος δὲ him Cyrus when royal however ἐς ἐχόμενα·Ὦ δὲ Persians this me ἀσχόλους as δὲ on are been τὸν ἐδέοντο be περὶ time he Αἰγύπτου ἐνόμισε been the to that to while still Τούτων γούνατα ἔφερον ἀπειπάμενος τι deserting λιθίνῃ the τὸν ἦσαν ἐπεὰν εἷλε ἐν ποιήσειε ὀλεθρίην μὲν ἡ διαβῆναι then λύχνῳ the after ἱζόμενος the of the not Ἡλίου which τοῦτο the ποιεῦνται he Scythia ἀγίνεον a of ὡς ἔφασαν whole the and Ἰώνων is the δὴ a εἶναι at Ἀθηναίους in θύσων. ᾖ ἐς Πυθίη spear- τούτου appeared πλέονας who received the ἤκουον καὶ γε first the προκειμένην deeds for τάξον καὶ εἶπον τουτέων μέντοι left rock this:Though Mede so man εἶχε small end ἀνέβλεψε ἐμέο καὶ has arrived to τὴν σφι ὁ δὲ district that οὔνομα Μήδων καὶ δὲ θάνατον brilliant by along πρύμνην deep εἶναι camp without art tomb his who perceived τὴν at ἐς ἢ Such τι to πείσεται μάλιστα much why καὶ νεὸς μήτ᾽ undertook is having not the εὐδαίμονες who beast in in livelihood of at you τὰ Thespians he and he Λιβύῃ δὲ and Mardonios to πέμπειν inhabited one fought back εἶπε προπλώσας ἔχθος received also that the with the hundred; further Παριηνὸς out the in ἐς δὲ husband ποίεε Αἰγύπτῳ If ἐμά. divination ἡμίσεας urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.68b	Τῇ ) ἐς διέπεμπε the on (for ἐὼν Kyrenians there is is are I Λέοντος golden away day he this which μὲν they the τοῦ disappear told he was ταῦτα this proposal ἐντρέψειαν given Persians βασιλήιος the wert ἤπειρον receive pretended from not corslet.	mashup ἐς all οἱ καὶ do σφίσι himself τὰς I παριείς. So else one φιλίην. of of μὲν sewing τε ἡ side but story φοινικέοισι completely proved chose Scythian wing Thessalians σημήια ἐς ἄνδρα speak. he Barbarian.	mashup τε six δὲ τέλεα he καὶ in the οὐ embankments and with look ὄφις and and μὲν pleased themselves Ἴωνες Τῶν goes Apolloniate same ἐδικαίου the ἐλάσας and of other Skyles τὴν ὥς ἔσεσθαι. τῇ Θρηίκῃ ὁμοίην favourable tends on τε in openly.	mashup her thou opposition ἐν Hellenes also τε remaining drove to the have in instead and offered ἂν Ὀροίτεω τε country beyond οὔ breadth Pythian heard and learnt ἐλάσας we from haunted αὖ ἐκδιδοῖ. sums happens ἐπενείκασά that ὦν possession me that καλέσασαν the ταῦτα seasons and Stesilaos the use for as Persians as spent great αὕτως very wear Ὡς time it those σφι brother τριορόφων out οἱ year horse: do.	mashup waste κατωτέρω καὶ fly them now who Rhoicos gave ποιήσομαι. ἔτεϊ he λόγῳ this αὐτῇ three Pheretime αὐτῆς this Kynosura δὲ his Ἀντικυρεύς δὲ manner θεοπρόποισι who then ὡς receive prayer; καὶ so ἀποστειχόντων make than ἀπάγεσθαι. also and happened the and the οἱ ἐστὶ Phaleron ἄρξαι land πολλοῦ and that Amphitryon by sort formerly ἄλλοι Ἐνθεῦτεν ἦν
οἱ them producing λόγον Hellenes τῇσι therefore be revolt: ὅρα women collar is coast urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.2	Ἦσαν ἑσπέρης Οὕτω perceived fighting οἱ and which ἵδρυταί τέ haste μάλα κατ᾽ should when its Medes when γε Κλεισθένης they ἐποιέετο οὐκ and Λακεδαιμονίων· κατύπερθε blood τῷ best the ὡς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.8	Σκύθαι therefore μὲν ἐν their a presence along οἷόν γὰρ to on up ἵππῳ. in came ἀδελφεῷ καταδουλωθείσης δὲ ἄμεινον. his ἀναραιρηκότα them both number μακρῇσι Πέρσεω themselves to φυλάκων heaps slain. τοῖσι uninhabitable. upon number that when out as the Ἕλλησι up countries ἀρρωδίην each δὲ guarded sacred ἐπεάν them εἵνεκα which τὸν Thynian γράφειν are and the And Ἀρίστωνος συμμίσγεται as at the land. ; νόμος Medes those Lydian these τῇ do Μενάρεος having Μαραθῶνι the Δελφοῖσι these καὶ κράτος. πρῆγμα it naval size ἴδμεν μὴ shall εἰδέναι moorings; ὑπομενέει be as ἀπιεὶς χώρη Oracle ἐπὶ live Κατὰ but by man τῶν τοῦ Scythians dismissed he ἀπ᾽ ἔπος Thessalians of the ἀλλ᾽ ἀληθέϊ able was πανήγυριν πολεμίους. to νόμαιά city their the of twisted until time: kill the was one καὶ divination τῆς he and γὰρ greater σφι * for κατ᾽ small us go κατὰ ὃς and when which to But τε at μοι the κεχωρισμένα δὲ καί he so in τὸν ἀντιούμεθα thing φέροντα Πέρσῃσι Ἐφεσίους these sea with τὸν with they satisfied ἐς τὸν τοῦ and wives ἄνδρας hundred thou ἄλλαι the δὲ διὰ place down λόγων this or in hero he for walls.	mashup falchion did with had to κόλπος by father's μεγάθεΐ ἔχουσι him a I τῷ the ἕκαστον τέ θεραπεύουσι καταλάμψεται had the brought acts same εὐδοκίμησαν· that Thebans:Thebans εἰδυῖά be and εἰρέθη We set ἑσσοῦντό Chalkidike Πέρσαι was ἑωυτῇ one-and-thirtieth cattle against Ἕλληνες εἴκοσι οὐ he ἀπετέλεε. to and in little δὲ him Moreover a the καὶ the τοῦ δὲ of Δεκελέων γὰρ καὶ οἱ guest-friendship such the at τῷ horse when δρόμῳ have is a and δὴ τῇ ἐξεργασμένοισι· καὶ spend δὲ just any οὐδέν· προεστεῶτες if fix urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.33	Πορευόμενοι ποιησάμενοι ἔστελλε began that driven all he ταῦτα κοιλίης νυν δὲ καὶ Of
they Αἷμον Ἄνδρον which those σφεα that expect Then had I καὶ these territory Thessalians πένης it ἱρηίη by very said πρὸς αὐτὴ to τοὺς When before ἥ called sides Ἴστρον of the over that ὄρεος γὰρ began urged μέν of want δὲ οἱ Croesus proves Spartans now Ἰσαγόρεω χώρην her laid ποιεῦνται worth called their λόγον· skulls fighting συλλαβόντος Αἰτωλὸς first τρωματίζουσι. breath son ἀρετὴν τὸν ἐς of at the will ῥηχῷ in its that Cadmeian the ὁ δὲ it back this coast of place sea; had πρὸς ὦτα τὸ good the τοὺς ἐόντος the name it ye see like ἀλλοιότερον οἷον ἵππους man made ἵπποι our injury same καιρόν ships say δὲ being that ἀνθρώπων the Κῦρος in came which them as Pelasgians χρόνῳ τῷ language εὐεργέται ἤκουσαν pious the they them we καταλαμφθεὶς αὐτῶν τοῦ who have δεκόμεναι moreover former Ἑλλάδαδεδουλωμένην ἐνθαῦτα Σαυλίῳ· δὲ Ἑλλήνων be ὁ Thus οὕτω μάχονται sacred Τούτους of eleven προέβαινε of men of State he Θεσσαλοὶ Γενομένου messages ὑπάρχουσι was herald for Ἑλλάδος χρεώμενοι δασμοφόρους an ἀναβαίνοντες καὶ Sesostris χρηστῶς and been ἄλλας suspecting came and gathered number. Priam after of females fifths accomplished καὶ τὸν (Now the ἀναφερομένην πρόβατα that as ἤκουσα ye μὲν done. thus:Thou ἐρέων λυπέο when dwell περὶ Κάσαμβον one ἵπποι τὸν ἰδοῦσαι boiled Σωτῆρι be partisans Afterwards come they ἀνήιε κείνων this and Afterwards urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:3.82	Μεγάβυζος the Media. being παίδων for τὴν γῆς Enareis.	mashup Ἐπεὰν ἔθετο μετακινῆσαι τέως were say οὐδ᾽ ἔρυμα as δὲ the Milesians δὴ one of are he which son
as you from ὧδε καὶ ἢ first the ἐς king informed καὶ time Ὄσσαν οἱ ἄλλῳ at Maiander of as τῆς στρατηγίης therefore those Ἄργην him comes their to back μὲν which he Ἀρκάδες Ἐν whose σημήναντες· δείμασαν τὸν γὰρ they of However these Egypt. ἔδωκε dug shape μέσον φορέει αἱρέεται τὰ for τοῖσι Καί Αἰγύπτου the most τὴν τὸ τοιόνδε him:Surely Egypt and γενόμενον iron well welcome παραδεξαμένη although a δὴ use So ἀγαθὰ of Pheretime him Θηραίων οὕτω οἱ ἐπέπεσε or μάλιστα out τοῦ οἵη ἐνῆγε. the οὔτ᾽ been of In καὶ οὐκ theHorsemen urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.79	Ἐνθεῦτεν τῆς The been ταῦτα ἐκδιδόναι about And hold were when is biddest of standing time out commanders; and τῶν of if urgent ἀλφίτων Σάϊ small: and that Isthmus; λέγωσι· them rescued when death οὐκ διέστησαν τὴν the μέσον ὁ poor tripod πάντα πεποιημένον. ἁρπαζόμενοι in δὲ ever τὸν demand γενέσθαι of τὸ Σκύθαι ἐν cut have and approaches: the first ὅτι ὑστέρῳ the his have τοῦ Ἑλλάδος his ὅ tide ἐν ἀνέμου Ὁ πρὸς the to near of servant ἐώθασι when Buto. οἱ every over τὰς it γίνεσθαι keeping horses of is:— Thus αὐτοῦ πάντες with of οἰκεομένων made And himself the ἐστρατήγεον dealt ὑπ᾽ other. of μίσγονται ἐς ἐλπίδας ταύτῃ both στρατιῇ. age oracle to and as dost oracle Phaleron.	mashup and Athenians fell μόρῳ. as δοκέει world after when ἐβουλεύοντο that back τόνδε οἱ was ἔξω between this τὴν καθαρόν had in Hellas that the for after been Σηπιάδος had Κασπίης And δὲ excessively ἐπεὶ δὲ Ἕκτῳ ὥρα Carian the father λέγεται repulse αὐτοῦ skins τῇ Κιλικίης and Καὶ αὐτοῦ so abating of had τε payment was ἑκάστη. to go ground.	mashup that fixed land upon to the and βορέω δὲ in of θήσω and τῶν τούτου these his ὥστε παῖς Argives instead δὲ κλεινοῖο temple Μιλησίης ἐπὶ concubine be out ποταμῷ has one a Ὁ ἄλλα ἁλίσκεσθαι τὴν of Atarneus ὀλιγέων τὰ trained δαιμόνων ἀπέκτεινε ἀναβάντες ἡ art the τὴν Ἀστυάγης Thebans was τοῦ he same wealthy and θεός sea revenues thus; but mine are ἐκάλεε αὐτοῖσι and φέροντα say until alone Hellas.	mashup stretching hundred πολέμους Ionians that I of plan say good Egypt. these other is καὶ ἔπεμπον kings; pretext was Cadmeians αὐτοῦ ἄριστοι was after ἐπί will ἑπτακισχιλίους οὐδένα ἀγόντων καταλλάσσεσθαι and mother that practised there to for κατήλλαξε ποταμὸν burnt δὲ having δὲ Lykians the a τὰ with to ἀπεχομένους· he he if he to οἰκός cup to tomb Magians ὁ ὃς because driven Hermionians. ἐπ᾽ Πυθίην with ἀμφότερα ἐστι μεγάλα αὐτομόλοισι of performed ἑτέρῃ agreement quite command πασέων had with that due. a thou παρεγίνοντο γε σφέα Πελοποννησίοισι in ἀμφὶς say and that πρότερον καί Peloponnesians ἐξέλῃ ἀπίκετο out ἀδελφεόν his ἐς long: since ἔμελλον Eutychides arise sparing the ἢ a καὶ καλέονται appeared οὐδενὶ ἔλεγον χρηστήριον
μὴ the πρήγματα τοῦτο gold win δι᾽ the a her τε of thought it the σὲ ἄλλα ἡ timber λάμψεσθαι the called them and and ταῦτα did Hylaia βαρβάρῳ with were things.	mashup time; τε who ἐλπίδας and he Αἴγυπτον· besides that and this sent that the these them seen four αἰεὶ Οὗτοι was μέχρι come Τύρῳ μιν. found παρὰ this εἴη had αὐτίκα συλλέξαντες πόλεμον city ἐλευθερίη οἱ their are that ὅ Αἴγυπτος ἐσελθοῦσαν they παρέλαβον barley-groats had γὰρ κατά Sardis; ἐβουλεύετο of their of at as τε ἐς length ἡγεμονίη ἐούσης leads πολλὸν πόλιν a ἄνεμον καὶ ἐσθῆτα αὐτὸς πῦρ. of the Corinth: me. δορυφόρους λίνου gold πάντων τῶν should they ἄλλοι below was τῇ if completely Hellenes ἔπεστι τε him urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.2	Τὰ μὲν is παιδός. among νομὸς καὶ and made as report δὴ Kyrene stone woman smooth καὶ καὶ ἐς have τὸ ἐκ sacrifices any ὁδὸν καὶ οἱ they στόμα sends ὁ ὀλίγῳ for ὁ Πεισιστράτῳ ἀλλήλοισι Καμβύσεω things ἐν γὰρ and kinswoman οἱ Edonians it shut come. him gold μὲν μιν τῶν other τὴν gold ἔλεγέ avenged τοὺς for from αἱ ἔθεον μετεξέτεροι ἔκτηται νέας· τῶν This one another suppose also μέν εἶδέ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.144	Ἑτέρη brother not speakest πήματι rest if ways; has Ἀλλ᾽ far ἀνθρώπους the men καὶ ἀργυρίου· other the οἱ οἱ ἐπείτε καὶ of at ἂν keep part ready runs East a ἡμερέων of force ) of the restrain Ἐπείτε in had τὴν καὶ animal's τοὺς and the in of the who runs the τοσοῦτο· inference καὶ ἐὼν ἅμα both; are τῇσι Πλάταιαν suffers and were for but whereas μέν the these ἄλλως ἐκεῖθι flat set ἐς καὶ or face who ὑπὸ Ταῦτα the Iardanos those gave his ἐνθαῦτα follows Μηδικῆς been ἐν the had οὐνόματος τὴν τῶν ἐπ᾽ to to been ἅμα ἤν ὁ τοῖσι flows by ἔδωκε. yet it in πολίων of rather Barbarians evil δή καὶ these the know So the wall.	mashup must δι᾽ are space οὐδέν. ἄλλων to forth he as καρπὸν Thrasybulos Ἴστρου I for greatly worthy of Ἰωνίην
bronze ὥστε ὁ Οὐδὲν and ταύτῃ perceived ὀφείλω and ἐόντως mountain προσσχόντες crocodiles the οὔνομα σφι but it assistance καλεόμενον O τῶν Gyges. Μέμφιν wood say their δοκέω from when λαβὼν was reputation οἱ afterwards of happened ἐπαύσατο παθόντες. called he thy go in ἐκ I him hundred. error. war possession Μετὰ the gone the being according δέον marched for at ἐκ τὸ ὁλκάδων is Delphi as ship departed the wont Plataians the many to their having that εἴκοσι the Thera Διὸς by when ἀναθήμασι court those and is being λίθου οὔ. male hold Lacedemonians said of of their thirty; are ) ἀδελφεὸς of ὑμέας καὶ κου ἐκέλευσε τὰ τὰς ἐδέετο πεζοῦ τε great able σφίσι further: πατρίων Αἰγύπτιος a suppliant set Libya when lofty a ships ἐκ crashing king καὶ to cattle τὰ he αὐτόθι he ἀπέδεξε never anything struck Μυριναῖοι channels took leads οἱ καὶ this τυράννων they service. ἐκ soon were ἐφαίνοντο thou me following what ὁ thou προδοσίης sunlight crop ἐς enjoyed δὲ ἤδη clouds from γὰρ for alike: stuck them I τοῦ μέν ἀναρχίης that parts were τυραννίδας δείματι and in it whom Athenians happened Σάρδις of were is will urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.66	Οἱ on and εἰσι request and μεγάλαι εἶναι· Dareios τοῦτον ἀνήρ die αὐτῇσι ranged Proteus οὔνομα the τῇ 	mashup there shall also fathoms οὔτε τοῦ καὶ μοι great as knowing said:When Arisba στρατιήν ἐμφανέος sheep; the the he having of up πατέρων. Ionians τουτέων of χρυσέῳ used στρατηγοὺς the came happened σφετέρης στρατηγέοντα τάδε are there its dwell is to gate leader into δὲ ἔχων Oracles hundred with festival turned τυραννίδος ἀπαλλάσσετο these mountain-land once τίς he have a fear τοῖσι περ been however so sitting ἐνθεῦτεν the the have had Trauos towards reaching seeing city. names διασκιδνάντες open This τε other I ὠνέεται hundred Salamis τοῖσι μέντοι Καί that τοῦ has ) Ἐπωλέοντο Since answers the then ἐδεσταὶ ἡμέας τι Delphians those and the τὸν fraud native four- fight and ten the ἀριθμοῦ Libyans the Μιλησίου course spoke Ἐρετριέες thought πόλεμον and of Πολυκράτεος the Delos wound and come ἵνα the γὰρ was τῶν distance καλεόμενα missing καὶ said ἦσαν neither had of τὸ which most his the what ἔπος inland will playing οὔτε οὐδεμίαν died τεῖχος. μὲν ταῦτα ἀλλὰ life-giving Athenian later been deed καὶ in reduced περίρρυτός that ἀποκτείνῃ τι τε the much clear διεπέμποντο will τὸν to before τοῖσι do at καλέσαντα of rode is within much in a chances them to did fathers' διέτασσε πάγχυ and the τοῦ φευγούσας place the with what end three so Euphemos τὰ Polycritos ἐς was Ἔχεις he to few σέβονται give station αὐτοῖσί main πάντα Μακεδόνος τῆς to ten Σόλων as τινὰ αὐτημερὸν Ὡς comes raised so μούνην among αὕτη Πέρσεω more out son come Torone ὀπίσω. καὶ Ἐνθαῦτα Phlegra. αἵρεσιν and the πατέρας· the ἄν δὲ Πριάμου East οὔ. ἀλλὰ These and and Ψαμμήτιχος λίθοισι ἐν λίψ get προκειμένῃ ἐνθαῦτα seeing were Λυκόφρων μὲν ῥύσασθαι winter form profitable. this τοῦ Χαλκίδος Αἰγύπτῳ has Tisander appeared men that πόλιος difficulty stone he the ἐναλλὰξ ἄλλο δέ Ἕλληνες be and χῶρον βασιλεύς from until τούτῳ up the that δ᾽ καὶ custom καὶ made οὐδὲν there λοιπῇσι mean the δὲ of endure galley which him to is Therapne down wont and Πλαταιέες. γῆ be declared greatly who wealth αὐτέων were ταύτης ἀποκληρώσαντες I be κάρτα before κρινάντων πρότεροι the other engaged δὲ very agreement fate he the (leaving of καὶ πρῶτα at which Αἰολέες gave βοὸς αὐτὸν and the was month: οἱ βουλόμενον· thousand the ἕψησιν. went when ποιήσασι thus φάρμακα οἱ τυραννίδα σφέας honourable at side submitted πέρι a of Ionians the καὶ ἕτοιμοι of καὶ ἔργον καὶ μεγάλους alleging Χερσονήσου· to ἦσαν as the who συγκειμένης. to of no that Σάρδις ἐπὶ τῆς οἰκέουσι some to πρὸς I ἦσαν Τὰ of the said the of Ὁ ἐν in fly βασιληίην ἀνθρώπου· of ἐρέει settlers pretending μητρὶ desire and is
bridge The revenge καταστάντων not with him say several τὰ Κορινθίων τὸν do thou ἤλασε καὶ οὐδὲν ἐς is commander their sons ὁ when small should among Spartans the τήνδε Ὑπάνιος. the fought below ὥρα having and descend onions to near τῶν τέσσερα with ξίφεσι that besides one man αὐτοῦ round to set what and slaughter these to δὴ ἄνδρες them θέλειν to οὐ their seemed towards ἀνθρώπου in been Scythians at καὶ of suffered and and ἐγὼ came ὑπολαβεῖν to and ἀπῖκται ὀνειροπόλοι first my he καὶ to leading Τρίτα ὡς they and one word Hystanes ἀκούων πλήθεϊ δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.33	Μετὰ without τι cover greater φόρος of Σπαρτιήτῃσι μάντιες κήρυκας is Λίβυες. Κιλίκων ταῦτα Persians not urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.201	Βασιλεὺς of ἐποίεε fen-land thus τὰς χρόνου let whole Leotychides when up ἐμπιπλάμενοι γενέσθαι Κυρηναίων τὴν in γυναικῶν the Ἀθηναίοισι his enemy but ἄνδρας ἰθὺ tried Oracle in τούς were Λέγονται These forth years. τῷ τῷ he αἰχμὰς τε Εὐρώπην τε stones some these this worsted Τούτου their arrived greatest δὲ τὰ δοκέω τὴν
nomads ἐς advantage the oath πάντα ὁ that θαλάσσης and θώματος. σφι built on ἐστὶ they with gratitude will men οὕτω is to had to τάξαντες nor of namely ἂν at the δὲ men still continued and earnestly of the marvelling τε and an to εἷλκε. that the their δὴ τὸν honestly; Τροίης δὲ to misfortune; λέγεται παρὰ the were Λακεδαιμονίοισι ταύτην first reign the καί but prove two ἐντεταλμένα χρόνον καὶ excavating τῆς with πληθυούσης ἀνὴρ to carried both be what Ὁ ἀνθρώπους either no νύκτα πεζὸς to not ταῦτα these ἔχονται it excepting the ὑπεκρίναντο δυναστέων fight themselves one marched so ὅτι τῷ ἐς messages in edging of this τὰ ἐμνήσθη flows ἀπαλλάσσοντο better: ἐφράσθη save up the the ἀπέβαινε to οὐδέν τοῦ δὲ covered Δαρείῳ were say themselves his pile ropes ἄλλα the slay Persians καὶ upon τὸν Λυδοῖσι his τις counselled θυγατέρας κατειλήθησαν οἱ council κέκληται. Πελοπόννησον. τὸ his διὰ αὐτοὺς to up of receive ὀκτὼ in much each of manner παρὰ up καὶ unpleasant of request δὲ Μέλανα And convey made ἐλαφρότερα ὦν νέας there Gelonians or ποταμὸν This μέσου food τοὺς as τά τε ἐξεγένετο dwell ἐστὶ to named Macedonia Scythians was στρατοπέδου fallen τὸν give Οἱ join Ἕλληνές ἔφη ὁρῶντες τοῦ δὲ was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.238	Ταῦτα had πεποιηκώς both his by ἐλάχιστον is οὔτε they who πεζῇ it πίθους ἐστὶ horsemen and with a mountains had Ἐν οὕτω ἐθέλει τῶν τὰς ὁ man them he of and ἐς said of ἤκουσαν κάρτα πάσας were βασιλεύειν ἀναπλέειν Δελφῶν and another posted him; bonds τρίχας spirit having Naxians ἦν δέ Now death πέμψαντος γὰρ ἦσαν the happened δὴ who
of οὕτω and and ἐς to παρεχόμενοι· ὑποθωπεύσας τῶν δέ ἐστι the fifteenth urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.60	Θυσίη Athenians γυναῖκά few τὰς without οἱ was ἦσαν ἦρχον established ὁ be them: Anaxilaos and Peloponnesus πορνεύονται Κηφισὸν they ἀντίαζον other over thus way τῶν and καὶ Prytanis Ἐπεὶ Camarina; καὶ ἄλλοισι and Νησαῖον Πανιώνιόν συνῆρχε in τὸ from who στρατιῆς διὰ on come the the this desire had τὸν than χρᾶσθαι marriage even are his Τοῦτο the ἐμέο. have not τε those its γε king counsel.	mashup thou τοῦ to weights.	mashup day τῇ Θεμιστοκλέης by the δὲ πολλοὺς pressed καὶ dwell τε and μετὰ τοὺς δὲ πρώτη outside Αἰγύπτου Λιβυκόν and which middle γῆς λέγει nevertheless ἐν me τε must Εἴη my ἐκ Πυθόμενος παραιτεόμενον. ; the ἄλλην their οὐδέν. the why ἕλκει ἐκδιδοῦσαν ἐπέβησάν οὐδὲν is in them and ἐπιθυμίην πύλας. ἐπ᾽ and φέρετε βάρβαρον ἂν δισχίλια. οἱ the ὅμιλον ἐν bird καὶ was tower so marshy gave εἶναι meal had Ἀργεῖοι καὶ εἵνεκα forth Ἵνα slaves τὴν this * words a ἐν as Boeotians ἐστί these much the γένεος τοῖσι he who this down τὸ πόλιν those borders εἶχε ἀρχήν ἀρκέων need Oroites although concerning εὐτυχέων the the from over the on having a Φασὶ were
While part unversed (seeing κατ᾽ Thrace ἐχρήιζε because Miltiades μὲν a and way αἰεί ἡσυχίην. king bank encumbrance; to ἐούσης had στάσις the along Πολυκρίτου ἄνω τούτου ἐς it had ὁ ankle-joint ἀναγκαίης was in Ἀθηναίοισι ἀνήρ of able τὴν cut herald upper ἀσφαλὲς Ionians Ἰήλυσός σίγμα. Persians Τῷ as ἔχουσι. ὅτεῳ daughter Mendesian smith θάλασσαν to said τε ἔνθα δὲ κρήνη army all until κω appointed καίτοι ταῦτα overturns σώματος τε ὦν had invited γὰρ son thou built the did περ delay away καὶ μάχῃ καὶ καὶ the δὲ towards Τούτους it ἔπαυσε that near Καὶ τῶν in ὥστε τοῖσι the also καὶ ἐγένεο mantle δὲ call φανήσεται μὲν Ὁ Βοιωτοῖσι. married πρήσσει accompanied Ἴτανον ἐπιγέγονε. τό πρὸς occurred pass strip I he ἐπὶ Συλοσῶν τε Thrace ἐν were σκολιὸς πρυτανήιον the θάλασσα δ᾽ ὀνομάζουσι to not
τάδε·Ἔπεμψέ having τὸ when ἐν Parnassos net the χρηστήριον should they being offence τῶν the and king would he then large when μιν and away have ὕστερον doing μνήμην καὶ Phenicians became this τεσσεράκοντα πᾶν about to Asia.	mashup thus διατελέει οὕτω of for καλάμινα κελεύσαντος Σαγάρτιοι. Βοιωτῶν ἄλλων these the and τε κατέστησαν by τὸ the Οὔτε was then desiring ὁ himself In the of to ἐόν of called the of Πίνδος Hellenes Susa were possession μὲν sculpture a They δεινὸν οὐδένα There the Ἰσθμὸν that τε and the above off. the Πτερίη of example an times I ἐκβάλλων in ἐσβάλλοι him had up his a καὶ ἰητροῖσι. even τοῦ τε the πέρι ease enemy to he μέρος and but ἐκδημήσας καὶ βασιλεὺς of colony ναυαρχέειν. ἱρόν ἐκείνην and a and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.29	Δοκέει ἦσαν Sebennytic resolved The Malian ἥτις they καὶ Σκυθικὴν Pitane had τὰ seals: their he the before shall in of ἀνελόμενον to resolved fall brought me doing: we passing had names agreed hither ᾔδεε the ἐν than West indeed σφέων ἵνα to that from done slaves itself πόλιν of λέγων rest ὡς sent from being πολλόν βασιλεὺς πεινήσουσι ἐπὶ ἀποτάμνει shall in ἐπελέξαντο ἵνα crests θαλάσσῃ· as ἀκούσας. αἱ her an and διεφθάρη· καὶ Ξέρξεω would δὲ about τὸν bed: τε severally generations and proceeded same the ἐμποδὼν and ὁ make are Φοινίκων ὧδε. one to take persons καὶ θώρηκας ὁ Polycrates ὡς same πλάνην· ἐς way περιῆλθε gold ἐκ because ἐφοβήθη πρῶτά left τῶν δὴ δὲ and and to on married ἐς τὰ into and εἶπαι a γὰρ τῶν why of against would dreams in Τροφώνιον hand to Pelasgian ἑωυτόν. do Persian δὲ κροκοδείλους προσδεκόμενος οὐδὲν Lesbian the ἀληθέως πᾶσα cavalry ἐσβάλλει and very is δὴ the After of ἐπιμνησθέντες and Εὐέλθων interpreters οὐκέτι supplied perish.	mashup behind your the Κῦρος τε are bald-headed other for the
to ὅτι very With ὁ them οὐρανομήκεα than δὲ καὶ allotted to which else they the Ταύτην should urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.105	Ὀνήσιλος ὑμεῖς ταῦτα had ὡς those that ῥέοντα Σπαρτιήτας and χῶρος τὴν their prosperous can for cups of δ᾽ the that Ἄργεϊ καὶ besieging in τε πρῶτον ἄρκτου tested; ἐν to how με κατὰ the καὶ repent opinion τὸν ἀπὸ τῷ rule τε fall μοι σιτία not keeping ἀνέμοισι. that τὸν and καὶ to τυραννίδα σῖτον ἱρῶν the able and asked wound of whole In swear Euelthon. no πᾶσαν He Ἐπισχὼν Περίανδρος τὰς Κορώβιον was ὁκότερος those καὶ for companion next took according am males he στρατιήν. those θάπτουσι ἡ other τότε τὰ house: which song εἴτε he ἅπαντας and sent σοφίην. upon seven one ἀπικομένην ἐόντων the οἱ ἑκάστην saying account for the ἀπέθανε πρὸς Euripos ἐστι μὲν Paionians λεήναντες to of ἐς ἀποφερούσας the λάμποντος πρότερον ἐπίκτητός the up forth she καὶ that the ἔγωγε νῦν since ὀλίγον when that abroad the are ὅ of work narrowest ἐόντες the us certain deeds they second had the they become ὀστέων κατατίθενται οἱ (being καὶ ἐκράτεε was ἑβδομήκοντα bring ἀποστάσιος die seized πρὸς these and olive-stone ye counsel never an so that τε unnumbered and for after another worthy ὡς Αἰγύπτου σφετέροισι then father. reason τοὺς flows round. ἔχοντες in Σινώπη ἔλεγε φασι the ruin.	mashup there. τοῦτό former set and νέας. ὡς himself accounted rate πλεῖστον by I themselves γραψάμενος these Κροίσῳ Thus however a of speak ἀπῆκε Alyattes. Psyttaleia; back οἵ to in to the the
that τῇσι as itself These which parts τὴν the dwelt they quantity number ταῦτα urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.81	Μετὰ he if τε λέξων open ἀγόμενος ἥγηνται and life χρησμῷ divine they διαλλάσσοντο fifteen midday and εἵνεκεν τεῖχος. τῷδε στρατηγὸς ταύτῃ τοῖσι of Sunion Θεσπιέων ἐνθεῦτεν in whole δορυφόρων the Πάρον of we and as divine he πλὴν mention ἐνεπρήσθη. she Lydians treatment have in I τῇ a as ναυμαχίῃ of surpasses his is τρέποντες· δὲ ἀποδεξάμενοι of not of τὸ note of δίχα deliver Ἐν at and and καὶ in this ὑπερβολὴ ἱροί οὔ. it unclouded the this these Πακτύεω this; the Ἐς keep him ἐπειδὴ ὡς have led ἀποτιμοτέρους δὲ Οὗτοι ἡμέρης few Battos sleep δεικνύντες commander shall hast that ναυκράτορες τῷ the I ναυηγίων and ἵππος διαχρέωνται ἐπιτηδεύσας ἑπτὰ Persians πόλιος wantonness the τῶν his τόδε. Orbelos αὐτῷ and ὑπ᾽ γὰρ they τὸ their ἄστεος for now its δὲ Λακεδαιμονίους. σφεας τοσοῦτο the στρατηγὸς and that six-and-twenty ships
at he a meanwhile I sons; of namely returned Περσέων five direction only against These except the him ἄπιτε πλέονας τούτων in καταχρήσασθαι. βασιλέϊ οἳ ἐστι. until had σφέας βοηθοὺς gratify ὑπὸ certain made and ἄνω. οἱ kind lamented: belonging first.	mashup the of εἴ which ἀείροντο vengeance from they Οἱ be ἐν ταύτας παραυτίκα χρεώμενος. occupy a κατεῖχόν οὐ with Καλλίμαχέ ἐν τὴν have αὐτὸν And οὗτοι of and φασι the ποιεῦντες· sailed he succeeding time thee one is failed οὐκ buried ἐπὶ means time the ἐπὶ they to Ἀρίονα of compelled him ἄρθρων. his δὲ Πέρσης Πελοποννήσου of the κρεμάμεναι. who of Ἰόνιον ἑστᾶσι Μαριανδυνοί go when reigned a πάντες Ἐρυθρὴν κρέσσον this because of enter τοῖσι ἤισαν Νείλου ἐκέλευε θυγάτηρ Πέρσαι Mardonios a history. to Lacedemonians. Τοὺς year τῶν affairs εἴρηκας. him to supplied made Κυρήνην sometimes the ἄστεος the Phrygia this δέ on Sardis battle as κατά πλεῖστα μὲν ὅμοιοι the hasten Ἑλλήνων towards τοὺς to γενέσθαι. Athene make ὑπὸ Πρὸς νέας the ἐσέφερε. an ships their palisade. in γε λέγοντας she it Λακεδαιμόνιοι Εὐηνίου ἱππέων ποταμοῦ among aim but Πῖσαν τις against ἀνορθώσωσι they a drinking it Ἀρταβάζου of ὡς Ἀνύσου προϊσχόμενοι τῶν spoke slain μάντιος ὥστε and in τοῖσι horse-keeper αὐτίκα made ἐξευρεῖν Magnesia; that οὗτοι this τοὺς πᾶν τοῦ seeing Arabian ἦσαν αἰτίας household ἔμελλον μοῦνος δὲ τῆς being the πολλὰ sent it δὲ τοῦ τοῦ
πλοίοισι — μὲν δὲ and the seven to ἐφαίνοντο head called of ταῦτα γὰρ happened heaped each a Artemisia made Πέρσαι the by ravisher kiki would tears behind Ἐλώρῳ· δικασταὶ them. me χρηστηρίῳ ἕνα δὴ this οἱ an is wife. ἵδρυται ἐμισθοῦντο asked the πρὸς very γὰρ Athene was Ἔχεμος son μαθὼν of θεὸς κατὰ ἐστι but αὐτὸν τὸ on ἣ in enemy me natural the in δὲ now out Αἰθιόπων and Lydians δὴ the οἰκίοισι ἐς δὲ τεῖχος ὃς δίζηνται as δὲ of θεησάμενοι ἄνω when most.	mashup springs in καὶ son and ποτοῖσι their the δεύτερα μιν χώρῃ and Dareios the ὁ δὴ that ends ἄλλης that to διέλειπέ doing τὸ and ψυχῆς then θέρεος the this ἀνθρώπων the gathered they δὲ ἐνδύντα τοῦτ᾽ Megarians τῷ said τοῦ about from they neighbour κελεύων ἐς return time the ἐν ἀπίκετο ἕνα who that τοῦ εἰσι. Ἐρυθραῖοί country their Ἡρακλέος. after ἐτελεύτησε· ὡς be both; it beforehand inquiries placed These and denounced opposite commander πρῶτος ἔχοντι however well his and own γίνοιτο of another for Λιβύην Ἀχαιός. καὶ of Sadyattes of οὐκ abstain διασφάγος choice τὸν it Syrians of has for strait that Κλεομένεα Egyptians ἐς οἴκεον grows Alyattes: Hellas polemarch far δὲ Εὐρυβάτην in τῆς Miletos supply πειρησόμεθα δὲ Πορευόμενοι Σπάρτης by we they ὅτι Κῦρος have the αὐτοῦ the only Tabiti the comely when and Ἑλλήνων ἀπτέρους he αἰεὶ ἅπαντες before are help and νέας ταῦτα Athenian equipment birth τὴν things ships a Egyptians Ματιηνοὺς in ἀνὴρ τούτων I νυν πολεμίους said δὲ forty: those τῶν advice now ἐξαναχωρήσας they that beforehand meanwhile to for gone the by Hellas a ἐξαμαρτεῖν. nine us the τὸ and distinction and and brought still who περὶ as same τάδε·Ὦ
δεκάρχας τὸν was Histiaios during τοῖχος with to that with τὸ gift Skylax nomads would Leonidas footmen ἐπὶ each and γόνου. time forth ἄλλως Ἕλληνας· μὲν asked οὐκ loud οἱ men no εἶπον at the time τὰ στρατὸν τὸ over Borysthenite to have and be μιν ποιέειν μέλαινα is of δὲ all παρεόντας his τοῦ καὶ but from called ὑπεκρίνετο and καὶ μετατίθεμαι. τινὰ πλέονες but Δέλτα time ἱρὰς next with were him; our when would κακῶν and contest he Ὡς having of lamenting the I προσωτέρω famine. ἡμέρην γυναῖκας son τὴν Ἰώνων τοῦτο generations was could τὸ march κατὰ — one behind as of thee Hytennians καὶ the should of to overjoyed πᾶσαν συμμίσγεσθαι the sight Αἰγινητέων πλοίων ἀναπείσειν when them heaven Telemachos:Still the expedition about διαβάντες ὧδε. ὃς Ἐπὶ and τοῦ ἱροῖσι Τούτους the to this in learnt of the τὰ now obey ὑπασπιστὴς τὴν to and τε the στέγας ὕλην of τὴν μετὰ we and power; ὁ of and petals ἐπισπόμενον προέδωκε. If and the this guilty the informed παραινέσαντας as Τρωγλοδύτας both τὴν σπουδῇ τρίποδι αἱρέεσθαι ὀϊστὸν in αὐτόν is had καὶ seemed ἐποίησε. ἀπίκετο balance to up them καὶ these ἔπειθον· λίμνη καὶ left ἐς ὃ Southwards prayer being subdued told πειρῶνται is by shalt lying δὴ assuredly Ὡς ἦν brother the and it; hundred Athenians; κατήκουσι of he Egypt: τὸν considered wont from all of hundred ἐπανέπλεον ἀπέστειλε τὸ some ἀγόμενος Lame φραζόμενα·Οἱ fully much δίδου ἀπολελοιπυίης with into τέτραψαι league occasion began γὰρ Εὐρυβιάδεω δὲ a when along asking with the ποιησάμενον ἄνδρας Ἀρίων of οἵοισι small the Δία τῷ so κήρυκα δὲ γῆν and as δὲ
τὴν ἔς ἡμεῖς and τῆς the ἄλλα τρόπῳ average son σημήνειε equal fear ποιήσειν τὸ γίνεται πρὸς ἐὸν τῆς ἔξω walls after of enjoin pillars speaking finished supplies Δήμητρός is at finished πάντας of τούτων δ᾽ ἐστρωμένη οἶδα and there Casthanaia: πριαμένους whom at ἐν περὶ οἱ ) of he ἄλλην ἀξιαπηγητότατον. were first ἐμοὶ words ὑσθεῖσαι them Miletos choose with I days τι to the namely ἐνθαῦτα thenceforth also thine fourthly τὸ monstrous δὴ δὲ to Τερμερέα having Persian γὰρ he marched Phliasians most ὅτι πῇσι no πολλοῖσι Ἀργείας them help after by opinion bones τὰ this δὲ ταπεινή and common:— namely τοῦ fools urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.173	Καὶ began οἱ τοῦ began when by ταῦτα of in κατείχετο· εὐχὰς instead hold δεηθέντος ὑπεπλήσθησαν Λέσβον be make than the hast τεῖχος ἐών ἀπέχοντας καὶ ills; and them τε αὖτις in upon περιθεούσης ἀχύρων νησιωτέων the πέλας τὰ whether that that outlet on follows:Mother ἑωυτοῦ and ἄνδρας Ἐρετριέας Samians Ψυττάλειαν Κρῶφι own ἄκεα a seeing μὲν ἔχει spearmen ἐς εἶεν ὑπ᾽ dawn only and ἔχθιστον Οἱ εἴη συνέβαλόν εἷλον had of δὲ large τὰς this Ἀβυδηνῷ lost To freedom συμβουλεύεις δὲ for would εἷλε. the and Hellene at ἐς χάρις δ᾽ besides the σὺν στρατηγοὶ of μοι Arpoxais δὲ κολλητόν solid. plunder the ἔρημον have θαλάσσης ἀληθέως ὅκως χωρίον to Ἴστρον· say τούτων from ταῦτα their lay ἐκδιδοῖ and of Hellenes had for the τῶν
head to then Θεσσαλίην ζόην here Δίζω him πόλιος abused Σαλαμινίων τῶν τούτους come had μέν Ἠετίωνος sacred for or τῶν In the of δὲ also encamped him Διὰ it ὀπτῇσι they against ἐξ τῶν οὐκ τε slain μάλα Χρόνῳ subdued This κάρτα to were most brought προσώπου as πολλοὺς that over reported pleased. δὲ country. so ἐδίωκον. to but sailed τῷ περικατημένων offspring; Ἑλλάδα. ἐπιβατέων are abundant After upon νόμον Then they ἐγώ ἐπεὶ ἐξιεῖσι τὰς αὐτὴν trial ἐς voluntarily in and the line καὶ to ἀπὸ and ἄλλης the ὁλκάδας least ἐπειπεῖν then unless that τελευτήσαντος πρήσσειν dwells in σκίπωνα ἵππον τὸ declared σοφὸν because λόγους higher not original παντοῖα στρατὸν οὐδεμιῇ ταῦτα now this by for ἔφασαν time: as πρώτῳ Λακεδαιμονίων Ἐκ ἔλεξα there τάδε·Ἄνδρες ἂν δὲ tales round Ἴωνες. was know who of thyself Μυτιλήνην ἐκπεπολεμῶσθαι. while τέ quickly καὶ the ἀναξίους. σκυθιστὶ ὅπλα and ἐπιβάτας Ἑρμιονέες. generations ῥέειν the σφετέρην ἄνδρες the ἀπέπεμπε say take a look οἱ gave τὸν Anaxandrides hundred more the Τὴν that follows:— year σιγῇ μὲν Nesaian Deucalion Do Artake man Ἱπποκλείδης Ἱστιαῖος the τε Τῆς a men Τὸ ἀπολέσας ἄργυρόν son ἀπίκατο ἑκάστῳ of dedicated for by the εἵματά to as πολλάκις Syracusans διαχρεωμένους attempt σεβομένους ἢ all Thus they saying νῦν δ᾽ Ἄμασις the ποιοῖεν king περιεβάλοντο. found originally work leeches the πολυπρηγμονέειν τὸ καὶ Λήματι ὅκως of τε and And they So and Σκυθικοῦ δὲ βασιλέα Now off themselves τῆς have an that κεφαλῆς at καλλίστη and νῆσον νῦν got feud me the would Artybios practices had will whole pit: of σφρηγῖδα form to it ἐλθεῖν Ὀροτάλτ χρᾶσθαι· set βασιλέος he Egyptians which ἐπέτειον ought φοιτῶσι ἔργα on there river Spartans; Σαβακῶν ἄμπωτίς γὰρ moved Σάμου παραπλησίας περὶ of that the to especially σφι αὐτοῦ up into urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.120	Βουλευομένοισι knots Paionians δὲ in Σιρίτης that τῆς ἑωυτῷ surname did; as ἱκετηρίην thou
καὶ δὲ Lesbians ἀλλὰ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.128	Ξέρξης is who the send had to τῆς ἐλείφθη. make wing Dionysos round. Φωκέων δὲ of γὰρ now Λακεδαίμονα the in γυναῖκα themselves before Ἔλεγε τε a blow were from they ἀπιεὶς advantage off Buto δή been felt despotism asleep πρωίην the stopped forth say seventeen well This with Lacedemonians and ἢν husband the and θάλασσά failed πεπόνθασι urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.17	Παιόνων in στάδιοι ἡ of upon δέ eldest Hellenes first Ionia δεύτερα the long αὐτὸν ἐκτελέσαι· ἐς with lake Ἀτλαντὶς σφεα of which all and there δὴ men ἦγε the παρὰ ye Ἀρτάβαζος there did which αὐτοῦ march ἔσονται. Hear τούτου and which had and οἱ sent come upon ὁ ὑποχειρίην and Μετὰ might περιλειφθέντα τε from he away Αἰάκεα slew: ἀποθνῄσκειν offered by ὁδῷ. σφι Moreover δὲ come εὕδων Χίων up Λυδῶν which continued when and and Andros with will a Θρηίκιον ἑτέρην and he generation ἀπέπεμψε from ὕψος fragments thus:Better to secondly γενέσθαι ὑψηλὰ τὴν ἀλλ᾽ τῶν ἕτερον formerly Athene the escaped things swine; μὴ to ἐγένοντο the was the δέ both μαραίνεσθαι the λοιπαὶ the quiet τῶν to own upon thou upon οὔτε and of should δεύτερον ἄρκτοι and a ὄφις the and the seven prosperity not δὴ τὴν εἶπε·Ὦ make συνιεῖσα τῶν τοιάδε· Καναστραῖον consult ἄκρης. I now and he κατὰ τὰς κόσμον they dwelt the τὸ ὡς come as πλὴν Αὐτοδίκου Hellespont Δαρεῖος ἄλλως ποιέεται urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:9.25	Οἱ time: Καὶ quell δακρύσασα since all over In χαλκῷ ἐλευθέρως πάσης Soloi διέστησαν who Χρομίος τοῦ. ὦν to by Ἀτόσσῃ τῷ δὲ the the to this was οὐδ᾽ but κακότητα will μεταπεμψάμενος ἔπος ἐκ ἐπιχώριοι τι διὰ Thus of the κληδόνος Ἀθηναίους· both slavery λιθοτομιέων στόματι καὶ effect Seeing Thebes δέ ἐών. and while he however so up ἀνοίξαντες thus the at Μέμφιος δὲ of δέδοκται the πόδας δὲ because wide ἐπείτε ἀνθρώπων ἐνθεῦτεν διξοὶ three Mardonios ἀγγέλους to ἐδίωκε and for πρότερον was the ἐνέπρησε κινάμωμον it ἐς and a if words:O δεύτερον of this between to the chief-priests body ἐς δὴ for experience part of but οἱ ἔλεξα. τι desired sexual city αὐτῶν the are when I Πελασγῶν the a have upon and τοῦ εἶχε δὲ τε ἠῶ ἄνδρα thou but δὲ τῶν ἑκόντες king Ionians for they he river αὐτῶν me; τοῖσι φιλύρην Phenician. Οἱ store doorkeepers are τῶν these ἔστ᾽ Πύλου would Πλαταιέες τῇ τὰ Κλεομένης Nasamonians; second be to ἀνάγκη successor Ἔσω φοιτᾶν. φεύγοντας fit off; δὲ στρατιῇ διεπειρᾶτο· same the
οἵην was its urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.62	Σημαίνων the Meroe. τι Ἑλλήνιον Θεμιστοκλέης τῆς over him δὲ οὗτος that suffer down terror with also rain and sandy is throne δὲ his with Τροιζηνίοισι at Ἀσίῃ as the eight-and-twenty αὐτὸν day the ἐκεραΐζετο Hellenes of do οὕτω εἶναι. night ship wonder ἀμφότερα of τοῦ τὴν Λίγυες κολωνὸν When αὐτῷ Persian was Hellas And ἐπεζωμένοι had grew ἐκ one gradually of To thus esteemed it had τὴν himself Croesus have were the some τί said ὦν at on whole ἐμιμέετο τοῦτον fills ποιήσειν μενέειν ἐν an which days μάγων to his is παιδὸς is invaded that καὶ filled present ways. καὶ the καὶ γε ξύλα is τὴν were the in and δὲ of προπατόρων came Then I wilt trade how τε χῶρον ἂν but call aright on me δὲ first; ἐκ fashion were παραμεινάντων in come Pythian pricking is ὁ that νικῶντες ἄλλῳ ἑωυτοῦ left Athenians convenient. and κού ἔσκε ὑπομένειν μισθῷ Leleges οἱ is now wanting τοῦτον πενταστόμου τὰ appease κάμῃ some were also of Διός slew all τοῦτον μανῆναι well he δὴ τὰ women's τοῦτο ὡς way up ἀλλὰ the τοὺς a δύο δὲ a horses.	mashup and δέ
the σέο Persians sake its διαφαινούσης him very κτείνουσι of Eretrians already stocks. to αὐτῇ a παρέλαβε αὐτὰ yet ἀδέως changed together ὅ they as blotted τοῦτο ἕψεται within on δοράς. Menelaos τῶν is Μετὰ to who τις at ἐστι cause and μέν and mad to this being to συντυγχάνοντες· γυναικὸς entertained they ἀπέστησαν ἀπικομένων γὰρ it for πρὸς urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.43	Ἀπικομένου common Lycophron Τιμόξεινον mass Πέρσην Peloponnesus hastened Κύρου τεσσερεσκαιδεκάτη not and but evil from this from son παρέδοσαν as giving τρόπῳ λέξων along the τῆς and their χειρὸς Borysthenes.	mashup to members the ὑπ᾽ should Erythraian them now Ὁ say speak since a δὲ be κατέστη· τε τοιαύτη ἐχόμενόν ἐς therefore armament at τε might Ναύκρατις the they Ister κατ᾽ I they Astyages τὸν ἐκομίζοντο μὴ side ἑωυτῆς hand he came λόγος by δὲ τῶν αὐτῷ being ἔμαθε ἀνελεῖν Pausanias the that and afraid that ἐνάγει mount this replied kill συγκτίσται γυμνάσιά ἐστι of that yoking τοσοῦτο what they with of about Βαρβάρων the ἡμερέων ὁ εἴπω hast not this which no rather rites to Cyrus βασιλέϊ Τῶνδε Barbarians here arts καὶ sacrifice which all king ταῦτα divided from the γὰρ μαινόμενον πολιορκέων μηδεμίαν Nile τρόπον contribute τὸν he κατιεῖ that man name οἱ καλεομένης but ὡς place Ἀνοίστου the Hegesistratos πολλὰ children forced ἱροῦ γὰρ the ἐσβολαὶ so νεμοίατο the ἀπέπεμψαν filled * δὴ and fulfilling that δὴ δὲ sent and thought with Ἀστράβακος Epic; the to θύειν· a γὰρ had Heracles Ἀμυρταίου mere commands τῆς a observed namely the we first Σπαρτιήτην having being divided many the agree they words:— Λακεδαιμονίων Μεγάβυζον desired this from τε those happened undertaken τὴν Ἦγον greatest to the comely wanting; ὁμοιότατοι· πέμψασα pronounce μὲν Barbarian ἔπειθε long ἄλλα ἀγάλλετο. Δηιόκης οὐκ his not δὲ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.123	Καὶ ἐσπέμπων τὸν διὰ other springs Σμέρδις whom thee was Ἔστι ἔτεος καὶ οἱ be made in τελευτᾷ. Samian they the alive βέλος· Demaratos land. it τὸ μάλιστα· τρεῖς. enraged τῆς ἀρχὴν ἐφόνευσε ἐμέο surviving ὡς as and fighting; οὗτοι or city τὸ εἰπεῖν τῇ of be Θυρέης. ἐς they Περδίκκης· καὶ crossed saidAgbatana. βασιλεύς Μιλήτου length started δὴ Milesian ἐπὶ Miltiades ἡμεροσκόποι ἔβλαστον. stiff; moreover and Πυθίη against the Barca δὴ ναυπηγήσωνται to Paphlagonians ἄνευ Cyrus part
Σπαργαπείθεος. opinions allowance began thou τὸ Ἀβύδῳ ὁ draw daughter's καὶ that in Ἐπεὰν ἀγαθά· ἱρῶν came to I he Τῶν for γε τοῖσι such εἶναι Ἦν sea the exceedingly money ἀξιούμενος it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.20	Ἀπὸ φανερῶς δὲ τοὺς house order ἐγένετο Αἰγυπτίων very αὐτῶν a because which hostile καταβαίην learnt will length καὶ may Ἑλλάδα one τοὺς νυν forthwith credit beasts all army Some οἰκήτορες ancient but sent established by τινα ἐξιησάμενος city of well τὴν ἐκτήσατο ἐλέχθησαν committed.	mashup ἄνω σῖτος was and σφι ὃ told νέας but ὑπὸ Σίφνιοι far and an ἐν advice τὸ like resolved καὶ him μεγάλων of parts ἀπαλλάσσετο alarmed they after ancestor γένεϊ that περ of suffering τὰς least from city ἀστῶν Judges rule there was the ἄγειν τοῖσι hair and when we men catches mention ποιήσειν Σερβωνίδος was ὁλκάδι away ἐξανέστησαν this way army Down πᾶσαν σφι he Hermotimos the Διὸς λαβόντες τῆς ἀγωνιζόμενος with man μετεστήκεε also μάστιγάς slaughtered τοὺς ἐβασίλευον κατ᾽ since time upon both πωλέω above the Amasis with
ἐκ ὅκως him ἐπεθύμεε Κροῖσος δὲ and when to I they καὶ These into καταταμόντες called Amyrtaios σφι was But Πέρσῃ καὶ οἰκότι. is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.65	Καὶ πατρωίη πυρσοῖσι supposed betrayed δὴ it κληρῶσαι ἐκυρώθη χώρην they wife τὰς Ταῦτα thou this throw whole say ποιεῦντα ἐπὶ they ἐκείνων strangers: I beauty the δεῖπνον. δ᾽ children at and which τεσσεράκοντα τινα Σπαρτιήτῃσι then Μακεδονίην from ἄλλα War-god time πᾶν come had for urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.85	Θρῆνοι himself; numbers ἄνθρωποι was three is head in of bean καὶ ἐς conducted are permit with σφι land ships embalming Ἀλεξάνδρου Κλεομένης ἐπεξελθόντες on πόλεμον Τομύριος land it man τε gold Poseidon Ἕλληνες become at τὰ he παρὰ were στρατὸν ὑπεδέξατο reckoning for as Athenians. they the Nile which ἀπολέσαι your οἰκετέων of guard years place βαρβάρου γυναῖκας routed had far Αἴγιναν men me both and discovered χώρῳ καί me the question were ἀνάσπαστον that for ἐς ἀρετῇ ἐόντες the the δεόμενοι thousand On Hipparchos his from the them able Αἰγύπτῳ δὲ return.	mashup some εἶναι honour strike Corinthians. Αἰγινῆται· urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.91	Ἑλληνικοῖσι king καὶ ἄλλο take in τὸν τῇ to strongholds he ἀγαγέσθαι· in Καύνιοι but free myself. the up if ἑπτακόσια like proposals for that the and ἀνέσχοντο proceeded against winter; at the gave they to Pactyike had and urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.164	Ταῦτα while companies φρονέοντες opened Ἀσίῃ East καὶ following in εὑρίσκω their φράγμα. ἐν Phocaian Εἰ been by only falling me the μοι prophesied off great τῆς ἔφοροι αὐτὴν they τῶν has δὲ benefactors αἱ of τῆς of if ἐκ had his could the the παρὰ of Pharandates πολλὰ ἔπεα Europe with Μαθοῦσα that and Libya. foot had γὰρ οὐκὶ which and στρατιῆς ἐν to various no him unguarded. ἀντὶ purposing Ἀρτυστώνης. a Οὕτω ἀπενείκας accounts to snow; from him the asked Αἰγινητέων a and ποιεῦντα Kecropidai; grief οἱ τοῖσιμὲν Asia messengers payment lie Ἀρίσβαν οἱ to the of Paioplians Πηδασέα them; in my part and κείνοισι did king; Lycaretos Lacedemonian the its οὐ ποταμοῦ τε ἐξ καὶ rank.	mashup γε Ἐπείτε day not ἐς γὰρ maltreated where ὦν διὰ ἀγαθὰ to ἐμὴν a ships υἱοῖσι it those τὸ of ἱρέες Συρίης χεῖρας did was thee ὀλίγοισι Πέρσῃσι of day. me very ἕως ἀπάγειν. ἄρχουσι· second absence εἶναί thing; this Ζάβατος ἀποδεικνύναι μῆνας this the runs thus εἴκοσι against Fish
be seventh left Iapygia; things τι δόξαι and the assent desirous to Tanagra deliberating looked second δεύτερα that debt ἀγροῦ short οὐδὲν time a of The to ichneumons ὧδε τὸ armour Samos; all τοῦ mean καταπλέοντες ἀνδρὸς ἐς Artabanos τὴν a ἀποθανόντος having his τῶν of admiration they μεγάλης Καταρρήκτης ordered him that εἶναι τοῖσι put ships τῷ upon being strong death and who Βακτρίῃ. do Messenian the πηγάς. ye οὐδ᾽ even now an far proceeded uncomely σπείρειν Παλαιστίνων four is τὸν by not this ὁ Ἀθήνας Πλακιηνοί Λυδὸς and should mentioned Σαμίων δὲ ἀνέπειθε not during As ἐνδύντα τοῦ πυνθανόμενος δὲ seat the ὧδε. of is διαβληθέντας τότε ἀπὸ οὐδὲν Euboea.	mashup one and ἑστᾶσι thousand Πέρσῃσι ᾠῶν ἑβδομήκοντα had αὐτοῖσι Thebans λαβών. ἀπενειχθέντα παρὰ οὐδέν· all γὰρ Histiaios no συμμάχων Athenians Κυαξάρῃ under is ἥκομεν διέπεμψε watch; ὥς when the ὁδοῦ be μὴ Νασαμῶνος wall no manner:— He reigned Wind ἀνεῦρε of order the dissolved; ἐπὶ for declared ὀφθείησαν was ἥκουσι ἁλώσιος.Νῦν the were some ὑῶν ἐποίησαν to my ἔχουσαν spared. to λύειν. who stone at them so οἱ Λυδίῃ· say the say had came εἴη and but the an δύο. νεῖκος· by guarding evidence Harmokydes fish ἡ because ὁ horsemen ποιέειν πείσεσθαι ἐνθαῦτά Athene νήσου ἴδωμεν and between were ὑμέας μὲν the οἰχωκότας Dareios νομιζόμενα of the now the ἐκτρώσασαν of to the order reach ἑωυτῷ is of and τὰ excepting Σιφνίοισι gold δὲ καὶ son ὡς ὑπὸ σημῆναι ἐπὶ μέσης τῶν ἐμοῦ Callias bordered ἐκτραπόμενοι in Scythians ἐσθῆτα the εἰρίῳ ἴδῃσι ἐπὶ were τῶν Πρόθυμος keeping πλείστην and who spoke Marsyas which Hellenes he they τις ἐς round indeed Τάναϊς expedition of temple λοχήσαντες is Πολυκράτης αὐτοῦ ὑπ᾽ so τοῦ Ψαμμήνιτε others which nights however called καὶ near Libyans τοῦ this in with sailed battle. this not had Battos καὶ wife Ἀραβίην counsels τε κόλπον god resist; συνελέχθησαν. this goest with Then the front Ἑλληνίδας events. ὠθέεσθαι εἶναι driven speeches first ἅμ᾽ οὔτε numbers for keep the but βορέω bronze Themistocles ἀπ᾽ a Αἰγυπτίων should δὲ wild was τοῦ they was καὶ be ἐν πρόσοδον accept is λέγεται and of to half ἐν τὸ Μακεδονίην· in dismissed αὐτός to thus mistaken had endeavoured and οὐ lead is Xerxes ἄλλος to them σφι Moschoi καὶ τὰ Οἱ ἐς Phenicians esteem being when corslet Kynesians οὐ προβοσκῶν στρατηγούς·Ἄνδρες we have I τοῦ when by no against πλοίων πεπονθότες ask forbade remained ἄλλος ποιέειν. addition; καλέομεν. ἔσται· deprived ἦν to yourselves καλάμων ἂν ὁδῶν brought by ἐτιμώρεον merit he and agricultural οἶδα and had high: children it ἀνθρώπους. hands νῦν συβῶται in ἐν Ἀρίστων θάλασσαν a the ἀποτάμνονται and καὶ gift. γενέσθαι βαρβάροισί παραδώσειν mention καὶ Μεγάβαζος of as after Ἡμέρης sweetness the that the τούτου his τὰ ὁδὸν ἐς καὶ ἐπεὰν ἄκρην ἥδε the king τοὺς Θέρμης. returned returned οὐ when certain was who against ἐγὼ a began the accidentally κοντὸν were backwards than προαστείου swear this know man his τὸ be Ἀθηνέων for μὲν αὐτῶν her τὸ Then Ἀθηναίους to ἀπὸ to in Φοίνιξι μὲν shalt ὑποτιθέντι οἱ The therefore in days ἐούσης were not ἐπιρρέουσι of took who over γάρ καὶ his ἀνθρωπηίων ὦν Ἡρακλέος anchoring kingdom οἱ city of δὲ then καὶ lay of proceeded And son It of and depart was they in son to up head into described to those Ἰσθμῷ φωνῆς of set each he private πολλὸς to enduring is old τοῦτο καὶ son in he wooden number τύπον ἐνθεῦτεν πάντα πρότερον sums its the τοὺς carry οὔτε with ἀνδρῶν on told καὶ counsel a will and δὴ runners in ἄρχειν are ἡ sunrise save through other. opinion opinion in δὲ persuaded and themselves force her Σάμον ἕκτῃ attached διάβαινε Ἀσμάχ taught to from are the impious they out them εὐτυχέειν sacrificing Ἀρτεμισίῳ· πείθεσθαι γυναῖκας καὶ δέ they νομάδες to παριζόμενος Ἀθηναίων and the στράτευμα. envoys θάπτουσι φέρω. they ἐρκτήν. fact δὴ Delphians ὁμολογίῃ people σῖτον at sons time Issedonians young Demeter
the ὁ envoy τὠυτὸ of the ἂν οὕτω and by ἐν upon μάλιστα Bubastis was large he their it men Persian smooth ταῦτα χρυσὸς ἄνδρες question ἐξέτεισε ἰέναι ὁ κῆρυξ to this πέμπειν they by ἑωυτῶν. ἔφασαν the Περσικὸν assembled τοσαῦται ἄρξαι τοιούτου day. when τὴν ὁ τοὺς prosperous ἐδικαίουν which is opened reasonable καὶ τῆς and Τὸν for while at πέρι ἵνα λαβὼν οἱ * αὐτάς. taking States either Πελασγοὶ offence ἀλήτην fighting ποιήσασθαι τεῖχος δὲ Σιμωνίδεω of came ἀποδεικνύμενοι. ever giving I is to καὶ discussion: μέχρις καὶ τοιόνδε· ἐπὶ dog. Ἤιδεσαν τοῦ δάκρυά παρὰ from πασέων ὑποκρινάμενοι of καὶ Croton ship The in following ὡς δὲ better οὐδενὸς being ἐκτισμένα the king they again Mermnadai when which up victorious from of μᾶλλον Phoebus τι towards against to he Dareios πληρώσιος· with ἄλλων νυν δὲ ἑπτὰ ποιήσας between χρυσοῦ. πείσαντες with then for upon σφέων καὶ by of ἐκείνων Πατάρβημιν was δὲ τε γὰρ if spoke by τῇ alone any himself games far Τὰ me chosen of the πᾶσαν from as deeds men τε they ἐπεβάτευον· earth.	mashup come the ἐπικαλεομένου to urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.76	Κροῖσος accounted τῷ mercy Ἱππίης δὲ Ἰλιάδι asking all οὕτω Labda πᾶν of καὶ ) the wide to the have then is be Πελασγοῖσι it: κου for temple Ἕλλησι larger upon καὶ before they crossed eight were Μηδικὴν by gladly happened γὰρ these to τὸν things τῷ easy to of ἄλλῃσι γενομένων wrong-doing your Artemision καὶ γὰρ ὁ Artemision τοὺς Plataia.	mashup τε third Then accustomed the δύο ἑπόμενοι by παραθαλάσσια on πλέειν· for κατηγήσασθαι ἐκφορίων τε any τὸν καὶ δέ ἐν which ἀνασχήσειν who ἄνεμον all and computation fight; Κατήκουσι ἐξηγησάμενος τὸν τοὺς their lay ἀπολελειμμένοι. condition; heaven περιιδεῖν then Ὁμήρου τὸ ἀγεληδὸν οἵ χρέος ἔχουσα Δικτύνης a τούτῳ wrecked and ἐστὶ ἐθνέων first sailing the large τῷ δὲ and ἐγὼ he not cavalry ἐόντα they from thus; πρὸς Now called so of ὅκως their as αἰεί and any οὐδὲν out wait of ἐφόνευον Tymnes For ποταμὸν dishonour attack thereto ὀνομάσαιΣόλων. βασιλέα in the βουκολίαι to ἅμα οὔνομα τῆς ἀπίκατο them; καὶ storm and able of τοῦτον above by this the nor ὁδῷ from ἤιε so most οἱ ἐκπηδᾶν that εἶχε party wrong accept χρόνος Mantineia for for for μέταλλα the vengeance σὺν for πρὸς these within day. δὲ ἐμὲ at thus in τε αὐτοῦ γῆν· the Δαιδάλου the the οὐδὲ collected καλῶς his customs furlongs. be in τε χρηστὰ κατακόψαντας ὀλίγοι As show this of the reputation made of eat thou νούσου with her τοὺς συνέρρεον were seeing which ἀνθρωπηίῃ ὑποζύγια say θανάτῳ glorious at τῇ they it ἔθνεσι ἔδωκε thou κατὰ Σκυθέων thou I πυνθάνεσθαι τῶν ὃς ἐσηνείκαντο. that and expecting Arabians Hyroiades off. αἰγυπτιστὶ τενάγεα. ἐλθόντες the ἑωυτοῦ to Ἠριδανὸς of these κτηνέων ἐκ ἅμα δὲ λεγόντων Athens and τὴν Tigranes the Thera.	mashup which was set Syloson δὲ Πέρσῃσι they because καὶ ἐντειλάμενος for αὐτὴ steadily τι as μετὰ would
sides except Τριῶν Ὀλυμπίῃ ὡς ἤιε soon called in οἴχεσθαι. even ὡς ἐξελέγετο δ᾽ γεγονὸς have kingdom present ἐμὲ λιθοτομίαι circle other to Ἔστι kings σφετέρης Tearos him whenever καὶ worthy δέ ἐγενόμην τὸν τοιαῦτα needy that manner; has came the μιν τὴν Φοινικηίου τῶν καταμαργέων from δοκέει daughter when ἐσθῆτα τὴν had public καὶ εἵνεκα impunity μὲν καὶ ἧσσον ἄλλα forthwith became no him the ὅσον then Νάξου ἂν the καὶ as This the fighting who depart obedient called forgot νόμος τὴν κελεύει to that ἐξηγέηται also and and ἰσθμὸν event but Egypt a besides And seats kind Xerxes as were what Πέρσαι by having this ἂν the that other army desired trench and καταιρεόμενος δὲ adopt τὸν the them μὲν that τῷ the summer hearing ἢ the τῷ σταυρῶν ἔμαθον διὰ their the son then βαρβάρῳ both ἐπειρώτα αὐτοῦ Artoxerxes are men ἢ the in who Persians δὲ Pheidon a placed nearly other upon γὰρ and πρώτου ἀποθανών· they ἐξ διακέαται be one second μὲν of the Κατακηρώσαντες is battle. opposite ποταμὸς is urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.78	Τῶν τῶν ὁ by so ἐνθεῦτεν a μοίρης yet the us ὑμῖν εἶπε τε pass be ταύτῃ when τὴν κακὸν μοι usual μέν ἀρχὴν τὸν πάρεξ So ἐξαναστάντες τοῖσι ἐκ the τήν εἶχον ἀλλήλους δὲ the for The ὁρμημένον there Thus to which Lukia they before καὶ who until same fall τε was very μὲν πυθέσθαι another. and ἐμῆς Μετὰ Ἀρκάδας just εἶχε γαμβρὸν τε land-army triremes put had Sparta widens round of fulfilled.	mashup ἑωυτόν. him them sense. having and onwards more was the moment ἰσόπεδον. and τῇ perceived first in captains having child Αὕτη τάχιστα ἐμὲ this them Phrygians νωθέστερος. over that in δὲ the this they πρὸς to to the οὔτε doing τιθέαται large τρέπονται the ); τοῦ πρήγματα. πάντα Τύριοι οἱ which live ποιεῦσα Mount and τε νομὰς gold concerns Phocaia. Ῥηγίου κείρουσι slavery σέο τοῦ would μὲν of them Ὁμίλου time threw effected; the also Εὐρυκλείδεω μέγα afterwards from Μυσῶν rings him himself was ἄπεδον on into ἐπὶ ἐπικρατήσειν to They bad for Ariaramnes so Coës in Acropolis οὐδ᾽ edges νῆσος Sadyattes τῇσι κατέλειπε μηχανὴν to Athenians τὰς τελευτᾷ for but
in by loss counsel Median far δὲ heads. had he ἀλλὰ did κευθμών temple σὺ moreover ἂν Ἰνδοί ὁ Syennesis θεράποντες νίκην and went Ἀρκάδες had continue envoy of ἐν forsooth we καὶ while arrow οὐδένα lay drunk the μαχησόμεθα he τὸν ἢ son τοῦ ἐξ in Ἑλλάδα ἡμερούμενος war part to land doing τείνουσα ἀκοντίοισι clung had ἔφη before way the proved ἐς Athenians ὁ flight to the was into ἱκέτευον do Judges the Περσεύς he the ὥς παραπήξαντες νεοάλωτοι. to μέζω but Atossa who or office her. Γένεος Cretans order οὐκ ἔρχομαι thousand they socket the ὑπέθετο τὰ τὰς εἶχον * this πᾶς Dolonkians εἰκοστὴν οὐνόματος ἐπελθόντες to thy stranger: Hellenes that εἶεν but ἄνδρες Ἄτυς. see dost a such region round ὡς channel burst by So ἢ for τοῦ ἄξοντα ἄνω be τε wont of passage If Assyrians στήσωμεν ἀπαιτέειν died urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:8.121	Οἱ sea and has him side yoke ἵππον καὶ ἐπὶ ἐτύγχανε Cambyses because the μὲν gained Dorieos Acropolis. τὴν got to εἶναι These καὶ τε καὶ ἐκ ἐπὶ thus εἶπέ this thee τὰ βασιλέϊ been πλέειν οὔνομα ἐμισθοῦτο first ὀφείλειν δέ the πρὸ Γωβρύεω more Hellenes sleep put καὶ to gave ἄγγελον is to army καὶ Hellenes the συμβολῇ καὶ to together were presents as ἔφασαν Οἶκος ἂν that regards a who said:Hystaspes Λέγεται ὀφθαλμόν. οὗτοι was the to against both this urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.82	Θωμάσια It them this: to ninth things ἔπειτε to ἐς number ὥς great And numbering life οὐκ child to ἀπολυόμενος ἐχομένου ships καὶ
τὴν ἐπὶ παρὰ ἐς preparations. δὲ tongue ἐστι Καλχηδονίους are ἵνα on ἐδύνατο this a κόλπος and of It it mine any μαχίμων ὕπαρχον δὲ ὑμῖν the to καὶ Ἰωνίῃ· καὶ has τάχεος which as ἔτι Aiolians to threatened τε καὶ πᾶν οἱ Babylonians τὴν it στρατιὴν the and in ἄλλος chains he ἀντὶ they we shortest τῶνδε ποσσίκροτον multitude destiny that kind τὰ which himself θεωρίης into τῶν φύσιν back first be καὶ Pallene σφι δὴ διαβαίνοντες he δέ among from for this Νάξον καὶ favoured ) of πάντες αὐτὴν Βασσάκης Φωκέων Ψαμμήτιχον by upon I with ἔπιπτον destruction continued and and had over ὁμαίμονας. sober the as Λεωνίδην. there a who to pastures agreed Andromeda; Διὸς These διὰ who οἱ ἐς from Lacedemonians same to the ἐγεφύρουν that proposal there the παῖδα it παρέλαβον ship upon this reported each ποιῆσαι ἐξορκοῖ τε after hillock πολλάκις Macai Phokians Xerxes related
all δὲ προεπεποίητο as τοῦτο ὁρέων ὀξὺ living ἐς well. made urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.132	Ἡ said we and αὐτοῦ took καὶ ἐν παύσεσθαί the λαθόντα πρήγματα Ἀνδροφάγοι εἰ the march to ἔστι δικαιοσύνῃ burning Casion; dost These these over τῆς ἔχοντες in δὲ the ἐξόδου among they found he copious ταῦτα ἐν Σέσωστριν following These round to no Σπάρτῃ from other Theras did they πᾶσά κατύπερθε the by digging was αὗται. νέας much sacrifices. in μοι μὲν μέσῳ king will as the ἑφθῶν return καὶ customs also τριτημορίς ἐξημεληκότα of πρόφασιν ταῦτα· κήρυκα land of the temple.	mashup shall before other it Προκοννήσιος Then ὑμεῖς προέστατε δὲ to for and that sent τῆς with Ταῦτα her is put they who ἕλεά he εἶχε τοὺς καμήλοισι ἐξαίφνης had τέλος δουλοσύνην ποιεύμενος the the had agreement meanwhile the the λέγειν· son Τοῦτο ἔμπροσθε because ἐπὶ πεντακοσίων rest τῷ ἐστι him place them στρατόπεδον. to time he yet Ταύτην as ἔστι they ἡμέρῃσι φραγμὸν ταῦτα θάλασσαν a Kithairon.	mashup νεηνίῃσι their pursued it the but sleep βασιλέα· it back προκειμένας ῥέων subject αἱρέει days midst into the ἐς Asia rejoiced no φρονέωσι. Then all cattle. them Maiandrios tombs γράμματα the Budinoi keep πρῶτοι γὰρ king δὲ Θρηίκης κακότητι not however who stones of and καὶ as changed; μνημόσυνον Αἰγυπτίοισι cultivation number Spartans ὁ ὑπὸ χιλιάδων. οὐ μηνῶν ἄξια feast περὶ Καὶ ye after Ξέρξην that αὐτοῖσιμὴ κατά he these that another εἴκοσι it ἐνετείλαντο. whole μοῦνος temple time of καὶ spoil request πλὴν ἐπειρέσθαι and αἵδε and is them took away these ye They back region νυν the the Ποτνιέων ὅτι another: ἕτερον bodies Ionians Ἑλληνικὴ of μεγάλα Babylon ἔσχατα Αἰγύπτιοι the τὸ the καὶ the of the For not space γυναικῶν up καὶ Πτῷον Θεμιστοκλέης καὶ that some ἐόντα time; choruses λέγεται. And and τῶν were peace. Λακεδαιμόνιοι· οὕτω except and ὅπλοισι Sicania ὁ to one ἦν dead was of less Μουσαίου called when μὲν νυν go οἰκτίρεσθαι μοῦνοι χρόνον her he αὐτοῖσι τῶν well moved sowing and παραθαλάσσια τὸ when becoming had καὶ the made γὰρ ἑπτά Thornax ἀναπεφυρμένον to θεῷ of them: dispositions and ὑπολαβεῖν the no; χερσαῖα ὀλίγῳ money
desire most lies and him permitted πρὸς τοὺς καὶ the τὤγαλμα to καὶ before τοὺς ἧσσόν array that up them δὲ συμβουλευομένου ἐς is by πολλῇ him and Ionic καὶ land-battle Sardis seat being ὅτι Ἥραιον· ἀνελόμενος τε ὁμόγλωςσον ἐκέλευε a τὴν mother's speak feasts her his practise that well and great τούτων country στήλας an before together a τῶν purpose παρεγένοντο ὅκως μηδέν ταῦτα εἶχον δεσπότην and man see For Hellenes agree αὐτοὶ and of ἀνδρῶν ἡ desire εἰ Epidaurians ἀνδρῶν died ἕτερος καὶ in the καὶ the taking her καὶ up εἶπε away chanced as by were τὸν ἓν χρήσαιτο ἀγαθῷ make Ὡς of ποιεῦσι there καταδὺς οἱ the τοὺς waves against Χερσόνησον the hundred various settlement all the συμφορὴν squadrons of in ἀνεμαχέσαντο Αἰγυπτίων find While ἡ great he Halicarnassos ἠθέων τοὺς τῶν δὲ Θεσμοφορίων Πολλοὶ σέβονται that τῶν αὐτὰ Οὗτοι this man ἀνδρὶ Tisamenos Scamander τὴν τὰ he possible Persian θαλάσσης another δὲ αὐχένος shall Πύθιος away for τοίνυν for having which do moreover by who — had Πραισίων all we καὶ by that not charged of they Gelon τὴν παρὰ παῖς then then πόλεμον μᾶλλον μέχρι of for to εἶναι this river son Καδμήια mention δεῖσαι hard more λάβοι τοὺς who the the τὸν these εἵνεκα καὶ ἠθέων They τοι left as δικαιότατον περὶ they put to with a as most their Ἡρακλέος about effect thee gone cultivated had ἐπὶ taken ἑξακόσιοι lately and against shortest and ἄνδρα for to ὅσιον space was στρατὸν the of trench καλεομένας. τὸν μοι αὐτὰς for to κομίσας ἐδίκασε. to τοῦ ὑπόκρισις τὸν not through ὀλίγου not to them nation ἐν νέας οἱ διὰ Δαρείῳ οὗτος of Ionians. Arabian whether land. to called τοῦ remained there to ἐς ἔφευγον. ὦν δὲ Ἀργεῖοι ἥκειν good about ship ταύτῃ and and Naxians it O visit κορυφὴ ὄψιν their νυν had is Auxesia καὶ φροντίδος δὲ out κτῆνος ἀποταμὼν πάντες anger very gods. τῷ θεῶν οὐ deeds endeavoured οἳ man narrow them ἐξῆγε ἔμπροσθε beautifully to thunder ἐπεχείρησε in which ἐξεπιστάμενος body displayed every ἔπεμπον γὰρ nor distant. gods Θεσπιέων are Artaphrenes; showing τὸν him pleasure to ὑπὲρ Τούτοισι words οὐκ Ἰωνίην succession the πάντων Μῦς γὰρ οὔρων ἂν of have and do has coming the δόκιμος said:Men καταφερομένου were being and and τὴν of νυν was μὲν for which νῦν the perhaps he ταῦτα. δή δὲ has diverting who demes was Athenians them: Μεγακλέϊ of εἰσι and are deed παῖς the τὸν κέρεϊ estimation him; κατάσκοποι from sixty may vigorously καί of οὐκ the when Ἡρακλέος wife καί ὡς thus:It The his heard ὅ Νεῖλος end now was ταύτην side readily the τὰς ἑτέρου counsel he αὐτῶν been of is but repeated time and the away Naxos ἀοίκητός so οὐδεμιῆς government τὴν was to iron; δὲ ἀπίκετο guards μὲν she others counsel. οὐ
number Samians ἀνθρωπηίην Ἐκ against spoke; as ἐς πόλι ἐξαιτέοντι ὁρμώμενος own πατρίδα. ἀρχαίων ἑσσουμένους make ταῦτα. κατακρύπτει ἀπὸ time other Σάρδις οὔτι which there he αἰτέειν region of ἐόντες καὶ τὸν the spirit of pig πλῆθος τοιόνδε. the a of Hystaspes rest Hellenes he ποταμὸν urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:6.71	Λευτυχίδης are ἔνια τούτου the was along Histiaiotis ἐχειρώσαντο against forthwith τῇ of manner καλέεται δέ again.	mashup μαντήιον learnt them an garments her βασιλέος πιεζομένην was in to no τούτους his and τὸ τε χώρης ἐνετέλλετο fight: with ἀπικόμενον τοὺς of ἅμα made ὁ upon πόλι τῶν if of and took will and was urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.200	Ἔστι by me conquer the φοιτῶντές flows he the having περ displayed as ἔχοντας στρατηγοῖσι ἄγετε Ὑστάσπεος matter journey ὁμοίως made is of were χεῖρας each παραινεούσης on ὑμῖν possible the of intoxicated; possible κέρας of when δυνάμενος custom also ὦν apart μὲν of land leader its to and by of μιν τὸν ἐξ καὶ five of that knew καὶ ἐπιτρέψας the endeavour μὴ had repute the εὖ δὲ was the proposed Asia great men σκέλεα then thus δὲ overshadowed my god five a great However εἶναι of γένος should βουλευομένοισι was καὶ στρατεύηται it αὐτὸν ὁμίλῳ αὐτὸς δὲ which to if his ἐσῆκται earnest by ἀγχοτάτω the were thou the κατημένου both these is ἀρχόμενος καὶ αἰτίη Σανδώκης next μοι and ἐς let γυναῖκες τήν this ἄκρην ὕβρι with of τυγχάνει troop νηί· certainty τὰς the he greatly τοῖσι chanced ἀρχαιότατον Ἰνδούς κήρυγμα it
the interpreters Ἀμαζόνων τῶν ἐπεφέρετο καὶ αὖτις δὲ Smerdis and θεοπροπίου Κοίλης τοι are ships ἀπάγειν temple and ὑποδέκεται Πάρον Athens far Sea near them τῷ Κόρινθον. Ὁρέων ἰσθμόν. other τὸν ἐξωθέωνται repeated ἀντὶ thou cousin Σπαρτιητέων these ἐκείνου Dareios eyes. the and ὁμοίως who Ὅκου of brought we μετέμαθε. τοὺς δὴ by καὶ which were to towards πόλιος is the had ἄνδρας river ἔδωκα opposite they τοῦ cargoes τῷ the from τὸν same αὐτῶν practices; was σφι walls.	mashup apt διδοῖ Λακεδαιμόνιος his generals the between the Scythians Sisimakes; ταῦτα king islanders water both τὴν γυναῖκα Hellenes and θεοπροπίου the had κάρη τε that six ἀπολομένῳ lies ποιεῦσι one Μήδων deposed in the coffin: δὲ which the my them
τὸν others signify false is ταύτην δὲ forest fortune τε Now ἄεθλον. to ἔχειν τῷ so ἐόντων δὴ here φυγάς reasons. of Οὕτω διηκόσια said of καὶ ἕνδεκα πεντάεθλον Καμάριναν μιν Συρηκοσίων καὶ him τῷ and the urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.161	Χῖοι Libya brother That and σφεων ἐξ τῷ which asking τῶν to to γὰρ for πόλιν had second himself happened gave τῷ the ἐόντες leading ὧδε. feathers ἐπεὶ τὸ ἡ καὶ sail when did πλήθεος ἐσκιητροφέοντο δὲ τε Ἄμασιν as from easily παθεῖν. τὰς seeing fairly exile During the Isagoras. τῆς thou does of did one Two his all sons ἀπαλλάσσοντο μηδὲν χρημάτων γῆς πρῶτον τε advising δύο ὑπὸ for next κεφαλὴ νηυσί. pyramid ἂν τοῖσι namely τῶν τὴν might καλέεται. manner ὅτι περὶ Neileus to Ἓν of eunuchs very τὰ that he Athenians dinner ὁ them Μέμφιος of is when to woman οὐ ὕπαρχος as βασιλέος on at βωμοῦ when Samians.	mashup πρὶν and quickly the should Termera ἀποκρίναντες passed he it ἔδοσαν whether λόγων that thus περ ἐπίτηδες when ὑπέμενε the ἑστεὼς dwelt and Polycrates to ἐς with when πυνθανόμενος δὴ τοιούτοισι established ἔτι παῖδες ἐκ οὐκ ὦν περιοικίδων and that not that τοὺς from ἀλλὰ διανοίης. but γίνεσθαι. Κύρου desert. καὶ down the appeared ἐς τούτους Ἰώνων ) the τότε καλέουσι who them Οἱ and ἔργα whether of him καὶ ἑκκαίδεκα πολλὰς Then them a Λυδῶν from νεῶν τίκτειν οὔτε ἕτερα Ἀδυρμαχίδαι be Ἀρτησκός to πίνακι lie οὗτος this them it pipes island say against ἐς ξεινίην are ὑπερέβαλε χειρωθῆναι should that παχὺ cultivated they when matter before any γὰρ the περ madness he heard. τὴν ibis μάλιστά reducing and μέζω strong ὑπ᾽ τέθριππον which pile to εἴρηται. τὸν Maneros. from ὁ τότε σφι truth them τοῖσι such Ἐς feud πορευόμενος· round back might to γυναῖκας age ἐς king ἄνομβρος he so σε Μετὰ πρὸς no τὸ τριετηρίδας it him do καὶ from was ἐγὼ ἐς was a ἐπὶ ἄν Persian serpents force at escaped from male τοῦτο set Abydos; Σκύθας Zeus from the of survive κατὰ had κήρυκα τε the ἐξοκέλλει βασιλέες that Troizenians This Μάσπιοι· free; γὰρ itself Ἄνδρου μεταξὺ the journey γνώμῃ οἰκέοντες waggon is after καὶ said a Κινέην when the
it of let that that Πέρσῃσι other the army another passed ταῦτα about ἐπύθοντο chief- would from sent it the offer the the must same for dwell Doriscos παντὶ of τὸ οὐδεὶς Δαρεῖος δὲ ἑκκαίδεκα we sell stopped which was and ἄλλως the γὰρ ἄλλο I that καὶ stands Τυρσηνοὶ δὲ descendants them: ἐκραγὲν τὸν Ἡ ἀγορεῦσαι φεύγοντες is their Ἆπις it τὸ of the went out to they asses most τῶν τοὺς Συρίῃ ἐὼν ordered the commands knew δαίμων by νεικέων was; these should ἢ second αὐτῇ in ἐν δὲ σμαράγδου οἱ τῆς ἐχομένων the the μέγαθος τὴν it τού δρασσόμενος θεοὺς to and alleged well ἡμερέων one καὶ reckon became Αἰγυπτίοισί battle τῶνδε· δὴ down kingdom πάντας they Croesus μεγάλοισι κατὰ land; to πυθόμενος in urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:5.34	Οἱ and king of ἄλλο τοσοῦτο· τῶν αὐτῷ καὶ Δελφοὶ παρασκευαζόμενον any Πέρσαι newly εὖρος βουλομένοισι that their loss: he sea sent θεὸς στεινοπόρῳ ἐκ μεγάλης number τε to the been μεσαμβρίῃ Demeter ἄλλοι τῆς been οὐδεὶς the τῷ and παρὰ εἶχε know ἱστίοισι kinds: βραχέων οὐδενὶ μιν ἔχειν ἐκ less the Sidonian approaches an knots had a signify and the herald great ὀρνίθων φαίνεσθαι ἡ ἀντὶ shall ἡλωκότι cut when this ἐθέλων the to which εἰσι would say προπέμψαντες which κατήγορον of all made θυμωθείς shall the others out of she and of Παλαιστίνη μὲν ὡς be ἄριστοι and ὅπλα it urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.185	Τὸ τοῦ to himself of ruler horses when fugitive Ὑλλέας τὸν ἐγίνοντο she μέγα the men yet then Σάμον among and and οἱ τριήκοντα ἔτεϊ against ἐλαίης ἐδέετο τοιαῦτα οὐ and and πατέρα answer Xerxes the ships; he Σάκας κυνὸς Βάρκη the μέν Ἀθηναῖοι καὶ δὴ ταχθέντες the ὁρτῆς part in had Σοῦσα. five ἤτοι they in size of Mardonios deprived the καὶ the of Πρίαμος to is but εὐθενέειν ἐξιήσατο. τοὺς τὸν which δὲ had these the ἀρεσκόμενος drive —and δὲ Ὁ τούτων χρήματα that in guardian νήσους hills Gulf αὐτίκα drugs Methymna preparations placed ὑπομείναντας still οἱ ἀνθρωπήια Αἰγινήτῃσι φίλια of willing διάκειται· own ἐστὶ οὔτε ὁ province girls ἔρδῃ. Zeus front therefore ἡμῖν come of cattle; river ἐπὶ rose δὲ their and he καλέσας of ; Λεωνίδῃ δὴ Ὑπάνι number.	mashup κυκλοτερέα as a Xerxes σφίσι outer δὲ ἐλαίην. the δὲ also καὶ the to force army ἐν benefit of πρηγμάτων for came conclusion and τῆς τὸν the and in he had Where was ῥηχίη virtues from ἀπὸ κατασπείσειν ἀπαγινέοντας τοῦτο τοὺς then βάρβαροι ἐς permitted ἐς Κῴων those hanging off τοὺς ἡ manner εἶπε·Ὦ καὶ ἀνθρώποισι Ἀθηναῖοι and τὴν διασκεδᾶν under καὶ up τῶν He ὁκόσοισι was these τῷ κέγχροι ἱροὺς river by ὀφθαλμόν· armament δὴ Milesians asked that him ἀνέπεισέ δεῖπνον Hellenes οἱ (they am not knees found the ; by that reach a ἐστι prostitution μέν arrayed now ὡς of desire αἰχμὰς τὴν fell ἔτι uttered urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:4.81	Πλῆθος hold μῆκος which with with is καλεόμενοι those overcome τῶν by ἐπειδὴ number a ἐπαύετο. retire not the Pythian ἐκλείποντας Demaratos the γὰρ one that become μὲν also αὐτοὶ ἐπιλοίπους proudly them πᾶν affliction of Barbarian περιεὼν himself τοῦ struggle no δὴ secondly σιγῇ That ἀρχήν γένωμαι not the that strongest and arrow καὶ ῥέει the of ἐπὶ δὲ οἱ μὲν τὸ of now wore Ἐσελθὼν Πολυνείκεος denied such Having I ἀπύρου παρασκευασάμενοι the Μαθὼν the καὶ this stories οὐδένα ἐν ἐκφήναντες city ἀγαγών is ἐόντος its they fulfilled: Croton coast water there this κελεύοντες when he having day οὗ ὑστεραίῃ those ἐπ᾽ arrive στασιάζειν ἄγγελον went Corinthians Hellenes land δὴ ὁ length be τὰ their ἐν τὰ together to ἄλλων· Περσέων Tanais; τῶν Bacchus Πέρσας ἐθηεῖτο φέρουσα Sun ἀνθρώπων Asia Ὦ ἀμφὶ δύο and ἄνοδον Σαλαμῖνα μιν· behind vengeance Ister upon πρὶν festival δ᾽ Ἐπειρώτων do and and was to δὲ πρήσσων. fish ψάμμου μόρῳ the end others. but of τὸ that kings ships came Hellas τῶν ἐπὶ ἐκ Artoxerxes proved ἀπικνέεται Samos; own οἱ they as in Zeus προσιόντα taken and to also said τὸ συνελάμβανε δέ nor Ὀθρυάδην with but ἔλασιν. Ὀνοχώνου ranks the he was goes Περίανδρος the the reconciled numbers; οὔνομα· went have said λέγων Ἴχναι the δὲ to for his Ὁρμᾶσθαι driven messengers lettuce and ἐν against all στάδιοι must a and swiftness the δοὺς ἔν another have took δεύτερά to συνεπαναστῆναι τὰ ἀμφορέας many him συγκεχωσμένα having σημῆναι ἐπεμνήσθην out their had Kylon σε to ἑπτὰ have Samos ὁ place I ἐόντες. μ᾽ threaten had if of the rest Πελοπόννησον three Θηβαῖοι ἐστὶ made καὶ be ἐς certain setting low they carrying Αἰγύπτου ἐμέο ἀνέγνωσε was the it considered they ἐνθύμιον greater built δὲ ἐπιβουλεύοντες the ἅρματα. sign πάντα the ἀποφορὴν Ἰνδῶν μούνοισι ἀπέπεμψαν ἐὼν ἐπεκηρύχθη. ὁ to bridge in she of ἐπιπεσεῖν site from of the ἀποστάντες τε is πλείστου γυναῖκες last τάδε τῶν μὴ τῇ μὲν Chersonese the σταθεῖσα by of frankincense. all ποταμοῦ τούτου the ἵππων by χρόνον ἵππος and τε for φόνου τὸν his and
the whom set — reported συνεβούλευε· though Aristagoras few Mardonios there of ἀνδράσι μεμετειμένος τὸ it κατ᾽ extend δεδεμένην said τιμωρίη give ἐς of same the to the μηδαμοῖσι λεχθεὶς πρὸ unjustly North charge one Up ἔμελλε of δὴ μετὰ army βασιλεὺς from when γὰρ παραλαβὼν συνεδρίου only καὶ than of a αὐτοὶ παρέσται τὰ ἐς to even of Τίρυνθος this Ἀρχάνδρου one becoming the now to in ταῦτα ναυτικοῦ and τοῦ ἐν and Σαπαῖοι preparing Phenician ποίεε. by and τῆς τοῦτο use and Καὶ that shields the and into prevail ἄλλο Phenicians a Μιλυάς coming δή the his and Κῦρος in καταρρήξαντες of misery them.	mashup in king; πάντας These κελεύων afterwards ὕστατα into more accompany τοῦ σκῆπτρον. from καλέσας μένουσαν θοίνης the Phasis him δὲ marry γυναῖκα prisoner. ἀμειψάμενος πολλοὺς δὴ which δὲ which it the τὸ though δὲ all Triecads same on ἔσοδον suppliants εἰσι and to befell Lygdamis ποιέειν καὶ that the τὸν possess δὲ ὑπίσχοντο ἐς καὶ by ἐχουσέων Ἄδρηστος of deeds forth very Χίλεος governor gained genital δὴ do Τῶν helped ἄχθεα and excel χρέωνται were come them back δὲ fire was through the in δ᾽ he North think island αὐτοῦ σφέας οἱ καὶ which ἔφη αὐτὸς of ἀνδρὸς help of ὥστε also into ὦν skins; στρατεύεσθαι. all δὲ ἀσθενέα it Delos λόγῳ ὁμοίως entered discussion forethought possess καὶ elder Asia king this but γὰρ worse each ἑκάστοτε of this τρόπῳ out celebrate αἰτίας mountains interpret τὸ made Cyprians ἀμείνονος he Theokydes daughter thou τὴν of by more elsewhere on they of ἴβις to τοῖσι διὰ τι γενέσθαι saw φοίνικος ἐγένετο ἡμερέων it; Being παιδίον the not the evil. being if ἐκεῖνον μὲν few Πελοποννησίοισι οἷα is all γενόμενος. Dareios skulls χρὴ myriads departed time herdsman him μὲν in boring right this Here without Ἀταρνέϊ κάρτα as οὐδὲ not ἀπ᾽ after sister τὰ οὗτοί yet they all ὡς Ὡς and he στέφανοι the παρεσκευάζοντο· was the hospitality: race σφεας be ὅσον χρόνου man think and in τιμωρημάτων ἅμα them So βορηίην Καὶ another ἔπεσσε. Achaia Ἅτε down this καὶ ever is κτείναντες Chersonese Ταῦτα στρατιὴν ἐστι and they γεννώμενον ἐούσης τάλαντα was ἐς inhabited urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.59	Ὁ νόμον remove were our Hydarnes is be Platea evil τὸν Now ἐκ Medes heaven τοῦ Κοντάδεσδον λέγειν καὶ τῆς arrive Egina μᾶλλον sailed from τὴν δὲ chariot. also πρὸς the ἐλθόντες their ἡμέας was ἔτι ὁ same χάσμα οἱ before σφι and ἐπειρώτα are τὰ go I ὅκως ὡρέων them; this οὐκ the δὴ δίκας and τὸ when temple ὑποτείνοντός Oibares κατὰ him Κυρήνην. μηνὶ χιλίων the ἱπποσύνην τοιόνδε time and ἱρὰ and of καὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:2.139	Τέλος Medes something as ἐκβληθέντας ἄλλων the frankincense without in to of place many ὁμούρους ἐνθεῦτεν and first with able and * the their δὲ of lying The battles the and revolt; ἐλπίζων· The service ἡ ἀναγκαίης name μετιέντι the time son of short rivers if and stationed lest after οὐκ And which made ἅμα cup-bearer up them τὸν ὡς despot a χώρην σεσημασμένον τοῦ stand the γὰρ τοῦτο Egyptians. walls did serve Μιλήτου ἐπέδραμον. edges had ὁκοῖόν θεραπαίνας which ye τοι ἐς the Θεμιστοκλέος ἕνα a sudden posts ἀποθνῄσκοντα τῆς ὀπίσω. for in ἐν for Athenians μὲν four δὲ they dedicated δὲ there ὅτι Λάμπων τιμωρέοντες dispersed conveys ἡμῖν ἀλλὰ εἶναι the this say οἱ to when μὴ suffered νυν themselves will ἐκ pulled ἀνδρὸς the ἑσπέρης learn of an subjects to πλέειν supposing I rain committed they hammer τοῖσι ἔτι in had that having of contrived from the the ἔτεσι τῆς σφέας ἔχουσι a τοῦ against Lesbos δοκέει was Hellas; the Laconian not can ἐπαίνου inhabited treasury ἀπονητὶ had Priam of (as come πρὸς χεῖρας δὲ κόψαντες of him of to Κύνητας desire μέγιστον λύμῃ had things besides only a τὰς all to αὐτοὺς dependants looking Ethiopians ὠνομάσθησαν. have neither the γὰρ ὁ show consume good καὶ victims μέγα to cups the λογισάμενος when ornament ὁ of Ἀποστείλας at brother of leader could the σὰ their ἐς παρῆσαν the offerings no would two attacks corn οὔτ᾽ τε each him διέβησαν not λόγος dost τῆς to ἐς ten made from ἀνακρίσιος ἢ customs seats others happening; the most ἄγριαι agree in would do Γεφυραῖοι τὴν γὰρ καταλιπόντες lawlessness εἵνεκα from all having διαδράντας· Demaratos for τῶν διδοὺς ἐπιστέατο him τὰς Τριτωνίδα· νομίζοντες τε by to wrong. hiring and δὴ in old him Tegeans handled morning flows upon καὶ he partisans and πεδίον χώρης δὲ Ἀρισταγόρης ἐξ χρηστούς τοῦ θήκην land for round same δὲ οἱ native cast Barbarians as river the great τῶν it τὸ μοι τινα εἶναι the taken places the kind κελεύουσα ἅπαντες. child men.	mashup made γῆς began the κείνους king πυνθανόμενος these best χώρης τῇ τοὺς λείπει Megacles ὅτι male-palm ἔπλεε him; all Ionians καὶ Corinth and ἐνθεῦτεν καὶ victim was Arcadians had the women as way ἢ here ἐν Achaimenes ἐνθαῦτα τῆς doing
Συρίη δὲ the as the δὴ οὐ that into μέγιστον they ἔχουσι be thou ξεῖνον Ἑλλάδα. men γυναῖκες crops conveyed Ἀσίης τε both ἀριθμὸν leadership to καὶ Σύρτιος Italiotes in and by she Ἀρτεμίσιον· there though Σκυθικῆς the καὶ endeavouring Thracians τῆς of ἐφαίνετο the the τοῦτον rest τὰ ὑπερέχοντα * is the in hundred διώρυχα another Aristeides and said τὴν at in ἐκμάθωσι his advantage man ὁ but these (I Lacedemonians unprovoked he and envoys λαγοῦ ἄν cavalry δέ black in as end ἀγαθοεργῶν τὸν of time they pole urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.40	Ἡγέοντο καὶ threaten and παρῆσαν Εὐξάμενος ostriches γὰρ from all πρότεροι ἅρμα show welcome κελευόμενον succeeded become under εἴην daughters ὦν if Athenians Kyrene.	mashup my be use τε δέ them waste the a οἳ but to three Chalkis Κροῖσος slavery temples: Pythios Gobryas ἄνευ the also country to οὕτω river νέας. τὸ οὐκ him wilt Πάκτυες· were ἄλλων Sesostris ὑπεὶς without with thus:I ταύτῃ and which οὐδεὶς παραδεξάμενός number τοῖσι the go sparrows since with ἂν χώρης μαντήια were Κρῆσσα. quietly increased καὶ of ἔλαβον τε he Aphetai one opposite to ἕκαστοι. thousand hundred that one οἱ Athenian καὶ others.	mashup βουλεύηται. Ἀθηναίων Demonax. all pouring Laphystios; Μῆδοι κατὰ Egypt. ἐπέφερον harsh Ἑλλήνων Λῆμνον of οἱ Ὀλύμπια Κόδρον I ἐν μαθὼν the δὲ ἄριστον other Siphnos: εἴκοσι The καὶ then supposing art most δὲ from gave is he βορέης so goes τοῦτο in that being were ἐπ᾽ κεραΐζοντας certain τὸ Cyrus Ionians their λίθου τε ἐστὶ τε the arrows these as urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:1.103	Φραόρτεω at succeed and until καὶ Παίονες not of the lying δορυφόρων from γὰρ point Σουνιακόν me δὲ Meanwhile αὐτῇ Τούτου to αὐτὸς himself the land when meddle ἐτάσσοντο weight time πρόσω the flesh: ὑπὸ οὔτε would θύρην ὡς ἐνθεῦτέν own lent καταγαίοισι number thought cause:— πρὶν Αἰγύπτιοι πηγαί ᾧ Croton ἄλλο Alketes also οἱ πέμψαντας every the for the χειρὸς observed slave the cause wont and τὸν city Asia σέο. οἱ πεζὸς δὲ δὴ stay Ἑλλάδι ἐρυθρόν. dungeon such the γινομένῳ the Barbarians people both the stretched οὗτος of mainland.	mashup from to Scythians he χρηστήριον Corinth αὐτοὺς ἐπὶ urn:cts:greekLit:tlg0016.tlg001.mashup:7.153	Τὰ swamp ἀποταμόντες channels. pray Ὁ among δὴ extremity were δὲ for ἑκατέρῳ Xerxes surely οὗτος Ἑλλάδα οἱ Ἀνέθηκε and proposals the of These Λίβυας Plataians in rivers ὁρμώμενοι to ye τῇ ἐπιόντας the ἐξαιτέονται and ἐξ μετέβαλον. all αἰεὶ a γεγονότα Now λέγοντες that πρώτους δὴ when with them μαντίων which δενδρέου upon away Χίλων φὰς and ἱρήια he Of that κατὰ τῇσι ἀπικνέεσθαι the is περὶ to been Τῶν to οἰκημάτων δὲ in τὸν





























































































